SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1904.
Massachusetts Ex -Governor
in Line for the Toga,
Crane May Succeed
Late Senator Hoar
Lands 3IortgaK«l for $200,000.
gALIN AS. Oct. 5. — There was ; filed
with the County Recorder's office here
this afternoon a mortgage from the
"VCatsonvllle Transportation Company
in favor of the Central Trust Company
of San Francisco for $200,000. secured
by portions of the San Cauteno ranch
and other property in Santa Crua
County.
DENVER, Oct- 5.— A Republican spe
cial from Las Vegas. X. M.. says that
there was another heavy rain in tha
mountains above the city to-day, and
word came from up the river that a
two-foot rise was coming down. There
is great anxiety in the city, as the river
is still out of its channel, and it re
quires but a comparatively small rise
to send the stream through the busi
ness section. The ravages of the pre
vious storms have not been fully re
paired, and it is feared that another
flood would render useless the results
already accomplished.
The bodies of two women and a child,
which have not yet been identified,
were found to-day.
Information arriving slowly from the
flooded district in Mora Couatv shows
that almost the entire rich Trujillo Val
ley has been devastated. A lake cov
ering nearly 800 acres now stands
where once were fertile fanns.
Las Vegas Threatened as the
Result of Heavy Eain ia
Hills Above the Town
CITY IN FEAR
OF BIG FLOOD
Slowly his antagonist closed In upon
the outclassed quarry, a mountain of
muscle and horns cornering the smaller
creature closer and closer as the mo
ments sped.
As his herculean antagonist pressed
almost within^ horning distance the
doomed young" buck sprang high in the
air and tried to escape, but he was
caught full on his enemy's sharp horns
and pressed tightly against the wall,
blood gushing from his wounds as ha
bellowed in pain:
For a few minutes the younger buck
fought spasmodically, -desperately ; but
again and again his old Samson of an
antagonist pierced and gored him with
out mercy. Even when down and
bleeding, however, the young buck
gamely resisted the vicious onslaughts
of his conqueror, but it was like fight
ing a locomotive.
Stubbornly and with diabolical feroc
ity old Jack gored his dying adversary,
and it was with difficulty that he could
be caged, even when his enemy lay
dead.
It is several weeks before the bucks
are due to run, but close confinement
probably intensified old Jack's rage.
Had ordinary precautions been used
the loss of one of the park's great at
tractions would have been prevented. A
valuable elk was^ killed las^ year in
a similar way.
The vicious Instinct that develops
itself when savage males meet in jun
gle or mountain fastness made Golden
Gate Park its theater yesterday, and,
though keepers and onlookers tried to
prevent a fatal termination of the en
counter, the result was as swift and
merciless as that of any contest be
tween savage hoofs and horns that
ever stained the foliage or broke the
silence of a virgin forest.
In moving the deer from one padr
deck to another two males were care
lessly allowed to meet. They were of
unequal size, and strength and in the
inevitable fight that followed the weak
er animal was so gored and injured
that a keeper mercifully cut the
wounded creature's throat to end its
miseries.
Jack, one of the older bucks, had been
confined for two days in an inclosure
and adjoining htm was a smaller deer.
A. narrow passageway connected the
two and through this the animals were
to -be driven reparatil v Into a
cage. The powerful Jack was let into
t*he other's corral and as soon as he
beheld the smaller buck his rage flamed
high and the instinct of murder seized
him like a fever of the blood.
The overmatched buck seemed to
realize that his hour had come, and he
was overcome with a panic of fear. He
looked for a moment upon the monster
horned Jeffries that ' confronted him,
then raced madly about the inclosure.
throwing himself violently against the
wire screen.
There was a duel to death between
two savage buck deer in Golden Gate
Park paddock yesterday afternoon— a
rare sight for the few spectators pres
ent. Just such a battle as the Iroquois
and Algonqulns delighted in witnessing
as a common sport when the Jesuit
fathers first penetrated the untrodden
wilds of Morth America.
Savage Battle of Bucks Is Seen by
Spectators Who Went to Witness
Moving of Animals.
Horned Jeffries Kills a
Weaker Antagonist
With Ease.
Golden Gate Paddock
Is the Scene oi
Mrs. McCreery Given
Divorce Prom Her
Husband,
Rumor ol Trouble Heard Two
Years Belore tHe Suit
Is. Brought
Decree Allows Her to Harry Again
and Gives Her Custody of
Their Daughter.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— Society in New
York, San Francisco and London will
be interested to know that Justice
Blanchard to-day put his signature to
an absolute divorce decree for Edith
Kip McCreery, the daughter of Colonel
Lawrence Kip, freeing her forever from
Richard S. McCreery and permitting
her to marry again. The papers were
sealed.
The McCreerys were married at Grace
Church April 18, 1894. They have one
child, a daughter, now 8 years old, and
the custody of the Rirl -was awarded to
the mother, the father to be permitted
to visit her twice a year. Mrs. Mc-
Creery is to have $3000 a year for the
support of the child. Rumors of trou
ble between the McCreerys were first
heard at Newport in 1903- The suit was
not brought until last winter. It was
brought on statutory grounds.
ONE MORE
NEW PORT
WIFE FREE
PARK DEER
IN DEADLY
CONFLICT
To Stop Bull Fighting In Spain.
MADRID, Oct. 5. — The' Institute of
Social Reforms, after a heated dis
cussion to-day, decided by 13 votes to
J! to ratify the absolute prohibition of
Sunday bull fights. This is considered
to be the death blow to bull fighting
la Spain.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. -5.— Announcement
is made 'that the new steamship - line
which is to be operated British
Columbia and ; the 1 west ,coast of 'Mexi
co is considering: a proposition to make
San Diego its one port : of call. iu^United
States territory.;- , The ".company r will
operate a semi-monthly steamer "efter
January, next. • . . K- I , ¦ ¦
Will Call at San Diego Only.
MONTREAL, 'Canada, Oct. 5.— At
the ;annual • meeting ;of the; Canadian
Pacific .Railway held to-day^it was de
cided^to increase the' capital stock by
$25,500,000- worth of, bonds,': of ; which
J 16.900,00 0J are to be ; published ' at
once." :, President \ - ; Shaughnessy/;: an
nounced!, that itwo; new, 'additional? pas
senger; steamers jwere Si to «be* built and
that the /wheat crop of the .West would
be ? quite; satisfactory/ "..;¦
Canadian Pacific to Issue Bonds.
TOPEKA, Kans., Oct. 5.- — The San
ta Fe announced that its passenger
traffic will be in fair shape again with
in three or four days. 'Now that the
poods in Oklahoma and Indian Teri
ritory have subsided the work of get
ting the tracks into good- condition
will be rushed. / Fourteen eastbound
trains arrived at ¦ Fort Worth to-day,
having been detoured through Texas
by way of El Paso. They will • soon
be away from the flopded district. Ten
westbound : trains ' are \ en < route "¦ and
they ; also are being detoured.
Santa Fe Expects to Be In Fair Shape
for Handling Traffic in a
Few Days.
WORK OF REPAIRING .
TRACKS TO BE RUSHED
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 5.— Goats owned
by C. B. Bailey & Son of San Jose,
Cali' : won two first prizes to-day at the
sheep, goat and 'swine show on the
World's- Fair grounds. Both prizes
were won in classes for Angora goats.
G. Allen ; of Lexington, Nev., won first
prize in the class for, Shropshire sheep.
Animals From San Jose Awarded
Premiums by Judges at the' :
World's Fair. .
Will Run Electric Railroad to St.
John and Chico With Steamer
Line In Connection.
COLUSA, Oct. 5. — Articles of in
corporation were adopted here on Sat
urday for the Northern Electric Rail
way and Navigation -Company. The
purpose of the company will be to
operate an electric road to St. John
on this side of the Sacramento River
and another, line via Butte City to
Chico. It will also operate a line of
steamers to connect with the electric
road at Colusa. The capital stock will
be $3,000,000.
BRITISH- CRUISER PELORUS
ON THE WAY TO >. NICARAGUA
Will Make an Investijration Into Seiz
ure of ;Oayaman , Islands , Turtle
. "Fishing, Schooners. .,
1 '¦'¦' KINGSTON,' Jamaica, Oct ¦• 5. — The
British cruiser Pelorus sailed last
night ¦-• for -; r Nicaragua in connection
with the- recent seizure of Cayaman
Islands- turtle ; flshinr • schooners. The
claim for ' damages \ made ; by, ; the "fish
ermen'inot^ having 'been * settled, the
cruiser. has Instructions. to inquire into
the -matter.;
CALIFORNIA GOATS TAKE. ,
FIRST PRIZE AT ST. LOUIS
$3,000,000 . COMPANY TO
INCORPORATE AT COMJSA
Andrew Peterson, a restaurant-keep
er, discovered Wegner's body crammed
in a dark corner, after investigating
the suspicious actions of two men
whom he noticed acting queerly in the
rear of his establishment. The police
believe Wegner was the victim of an
overdose of the drug, the thugs drag
ging his body into the alley in an ef
fort to cover up their crime. The au
thorities conducted an autopsy " to
night. --:¦- ¦•"'
BUTTE, Mont.. Oct. 5.— Edward Weg
ner. a well known contractor of Butte,
was found dead to-day in an alley. at
the rear of the City Hall, apparently
from the effects of some drug given
with Intent to commit robbery. Weg
ner had just returned to Butte after
completing a job near Gold Creelc,
dividing $10,600 with his partner. It is
presumed that Wegner displayed his
money while in one of the resorts on
Park street and knockout drops were
placed in the beer he drank.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
All the way from Sioux City Downey
fussed and fumed, but was unable to
get free. His wife was compelled to go
through his pockets in the presence of
the grinning passengers, searching for
the tickets. On the dining car she fed
him like a baby. What at first was a
joke finally grew monotonous and
Downey grew angry. He threatened
the conductor and crew, but to no avail
From worry the- young bride almost
fainted arid when they entered the
depot with her -husband still In Irons
she went into hysterics. When Downey
was finally released he swore venge
ance on the Sioux City/crowd that
had tricked him,, but he: continued his
wedding trip a free man.
A few moments before the departure
of the train from Sioux City this
morning a number of Downey's friends,
who were at the depot to see the couple
off, suddenly grabbed him and after
locking a bright pair of manacles on
his wrists pushed him aboard the train,
which drew out immediately. He was
told to hunt up a blacksmith shop on
his arrival at Omaha.
OMAHA, Neb., Oct. 5.— W. J. Downey,
a prominent society man of Sioux City,
and- his • newly wedded wife arrived
here to-day on the Northwestern train,
the bride in hysterics and - the bride
groom in irons. Friends • had hand
cuffed him just; before leaving Sioux
City on his. bridal tour. As the party
left the depot -the conductor stepped
forward and unlocked the handcuffs,
the key having been given to him in
a sealed package to ', be opened at
Omaha.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call,
; BOSTON, Oct. EC — Every labor
union in the city was represented'.to
night in. an audience that filled Fa
neuil Hall : at a worklngmen's public
mass meeting held in connection with
the International, Peace Congress. \
Samuel Gompers, president of the
American Federation of Labor,,presid
ed and delivered an address. Promi
nent labor . representatives of Great
Britain, France, Belgium and Germany
also spoke. The resolutions adopted
declare "that we do not and will not
submit without urgent protest to the
furnishing, of men and money for. wars
of aggrandizement and greed, whether
such wars are of one nation against
another nation or. of a nation. against
subject people or of a government (as
in the State -of Colorado) against a
peaceful association of sovereign- citi
zens." .
Unions of Boston Hear Gompers. and
'¦•:- : >~ .'Pass Resolutions.
"Second— To this end Congress should
pass and submit to a vote of the States
without unnecessary delay an amend
ment to the constitution of the United
States prohibiting the practice of
polygamy.
"Third— That we hereby pledge our
influence and untiring effort to the ac
complishment of this end."
"First— That the national Congress
rhould not only protect the integrity
and purity of its membership, to do
which there can be no doubt of its
ability and purpose, but should take
immediate steps to purge the nation of
this disgrace, which tends to dull the
moral cense and dim the patriotic pride
cf all its people.
DENVER, Oct. B.— The Women's
Horse Missionary Society of the Metho
dist Church went on record to-day in
favor of Congressional action against
polygamy. A resolution introduced by
Mrs. F. A. Aiken of Cincinnati, Ohio,
recording secretary, calling upon Con
gress to submit to the people an
amendment to the constitution of the
United States prohibiting the practice
of polygamy, was unanimously adopted
am:d cheers and Mrs. Aiken was ac
corded a marked demonstration in ap
proval of the step taken by her.
After stating In the preamble that
the so-called apostles of the Mormon
church were guilty of polygamous prac
tices and calling attention to the na
tion's "inefficiency and shame," as de
veloped through the Smoot investiga
tion, in handling the question of polyg
amy the resolution says:
"Be !t resolved by the Women's
Home Missionary Society of the Metho
dist Episcopal Church in convention
assembled at Denver, Colo., September,
V.04:
CONDEMN WAR FOR GREED.
Butte Contractor Believed
to Have Been Given Fatal
Dose of Knockout Drops
Methodist Women's Mission
ary Society Calls Upon
Congress to Act at Once
EUREKA, Oct. 5.— Edward Mowry,
a contractor of this city, has failed
to put in an appearance at his home
or on any of his contracts for the past
two days. His wife and family have
neither seen nor heard from him dur
ing that time and the men employed by
him know nothing of his whereabouts.
Mowry has Just completed building
sewer system extensions here as sub
contractor for the successful bidders.
He has drawn much money from the
First National Bank, giving them a
blanket claim on all moneys due him
from the city. After It became known
that Mowry was missing an investiga
tion proved that he leaves many un
paid bills.
Edward Mowry Drops Out of Sight
After Completing Important
. Piece of Work.
EUREKA CONTRACTOR LJEAVES
MANY UNPAID BLLL.S BEHIND
A bold robbery took place last night
at Fourth avenue and California street,
in the Richmond district. The saloon of
J. T. Meinhart was entered by a
masked man and the proprietor and his
patrons in the cardroom were relieved
of their money, amounting to nearly
$175. The highwayman secured $100
from the two cash registers in the place
and the remainder from those In the
saloon at the time.
.About 9 o'clock last night the robbery
took place. The robber was masked by
a .haridkerchief drawn across the lower
part of his. face, and a brown hat was
pulled over 'his eyes. As he entered he
leveled a revolver and told those In the
place tothrqw up their hands.
, f All ; of the men complied with the
cool request with the exception of W.
A. Brown,. who is hard of hearing. With
an oath the highwayman quickly re
versed his pistol and struck Brown two
swift blows on the head. Brown
dropped to the floor and the robber
took deliberate aim "at the prostrate
man and was about to pull the trigger
when -the others explained to him that
the man was deaf.
The men were ordered to produce
their valuables, and the robber secured
$50 from Brown, who had in the mean
time recovered consciousness.. Later he
was removed to the Central Emergency
Hospital; where several bad cuts were
dressed. He told the police that he
could identify, the man if he saw him
again. William Hohn, a baker, another
of , the men at the card table, was
robbed of $6. W. Boyd, the fourth vic
tim, was relieved of $8. -
After securing the money the 'man
quickly disappeared, and the victims
immediately, reported the hold-up to
the police. - : , . -
Manacled on Train
by His Friends
as a Me.
WOULD PUT END
TO POLYGAMY
Lone Highwayman Holds Up
Patrons and Departs With
Large Amount of Money
FOUND DEAD
IN AN ALLEY
BOSTON, Oct. 5, — rGqvernor Bates
to-day authorized a denial of the state
ment published from Worcester to-day
that he had decided to" appoint At
torney General Moody to succeed the
late Senator Hoar. Governor Bates
said he had not yet made up his mind
In the matter.
Says That He Has Not Decided to
Name Moody. ,
BATES MAKES DENIAL.
W. MURRAY CRAKE OF MASSA- '
CHUSETTS, WHO MAT SUCCEED
THE LATE SENATOR HOAR.
BRIDEGROOM
IN IRONS ON
HONEYMOON
FRESNO, Oct. 5. — Word was brought
here to-day that Joseph Blrkett. a
miner, was lost in the high mountains
of the north fork of the San Joaquin.
Soldiers of the Ninth Cavalry have
searched the district thoroughly and
can find no trace of him. They have
given him up for lost.
On September 26 Blrkett and Philip
Hess started to cross the Sierras from
Jackass Flat. They had no blankets
and a small supply of food. On the
first day they lost their bearings.
Snowstorms came on and the two men
suffered many hardships. Sunday
morning Hess left Blrkett, not being
able to agree as to the direction they
should pursue. He got into Jackass
Flat Monday morning, not having
tasted food for sixty hours.
Squads of soldiers from the Sierra
Reservation searched the mountain
districts, but a storm had obliterated
whatever tracks Blrkett might have
left. He was a hunchback and a na
tive of England.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prospector Is Lost in the
High Mountains of. the
San Joaqtiin's North Fork
SOLDIERS SEEK
MISSING MINER
Said an intimate friend of Crane to
night: "Crane knows that he Is to be
the next Senator, but he won't make
any admissions until something ef
fectual has been done by Governor
Bates."
Crane is looked upon as one of the
shrewdest political managers in New
England, and many times during the
present administration his advice has
been sought by the President. Grane
is at his home in Dalton and refuses
to talk of the Senatorship.
BOSTON. Oct. 5.— After the Republi
can State Convention, which will meet
in Boston on Friday, it is believed Gov
ernor Bates will announce the appoint
ment of former Governor W. Murray
Crane to the Senatorship made vacant
by the death of Senator Hoar. It is
known that the Governor 'has decided
to- appoint Crane and that the latter
will accept. A story was printed to-day
that Governor Bates was going to ap
point Attorney General Moody in ac
cordance with the wishes expressed by
Senator rioar before his death. .
"Senator Hoar never mentioned the
subject to me," said the Governor.
'"There is absolutely no truth in the
story.'*
MASKED THIEF
ROBS SALOON
Stepping up to the elder McKee,
Mrs. Tevis put her hands on his shoul
der and gave him an audible kiss on
the lips and . then, taking his hand,
said: "Good-by, papa; don't worry
about Hart. I'll take good care of
him."
absurd!"
NEW YORK. Oct. 5. — Added force
was given to-day to the denial of Mrs.
Genevieve C. Phipps, the former wife
of Lawrence C. Phipps, the Pittsburg
millionaire, that she was about to
marry A. Hart McKee when McKee
sailed on the Baltic for Liverpool in
company with Mrs. Hugh, Tevis and
her small son. Coupling the departure
of McKee and the attractive young
widow for Europe with the fact that
Mrs. Phipps left this city hurriedly
only a short time before the Baltic
sailed, friends of both gave full cre
dence to-night to a well authenticated
rumor that whatever relations exist
ed between Mrs. Phipps and McKee
are now at an end.
More interest attached to the de
parture of McKee when it was learned
that ai he was about to leave his
home to drive with his father to the
pier he was detained by two detec
tives, who threatened to serve a re
straining, order to prevent, him from
taking his trunks on board the steam
ship unless he paid, their bill. for ser
vices rendered in the divorce proceed
ings brought. by Lawrence C-. Phipps
against his wife. . The' .bill" was paid
'and'lMcKee got a receipt in full.
, The Baltic- sailed at 2^o'clock. It
was just an hour before her lines were
cast oft that a carriage drove up to
the pier and from it stepped Mrs.
Tevis, followed by a maid, Master
Hugh Tevis and his nurse and govern
ess. The beautiful young widow ap
peared radiant' if somewhat excited
and watched expectantly for McKee.
Before his arrival she replied to a
question about her engagement to
McKee with a blush and said, "How
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
BOSTON, Oct. - 5.— Resolutions in
tended to bring about an end to the
Russo-Japanese war were adopted to
day at the meeting of the International
Peace Congress. By the terms of the
resolutions the congress will address
an appeal to the Emperors of Russia
and Japan to terminate the struggle,
and each of the powers signatory to
The Hague convention will be formally
requested to press upon Russia and
Japan the importance of putting an end
to the present war.
It was also voted that the resolu
tions referring to friendly intervention
by the powers be presented to Presi
dent Roosevelt by a committee of the
congress. The resolutions were passed
after a lengthy discussion, in which
many of the most prominent foreign
delegates participated. ,.
Delegate William R. Cremer of Eng
land took occasion, while favoring the
declarations, to characterize the treaty
between England and Japan as a blun
der and to charge that this treaty
doubtless had much, to do with .bring
ing on the Russo-Japanese war. There
upon. Great- Britain's; policy of being
a party tojthe tre«.ty__was _vlgorously,
defend ed by~Colonel V^ryes* Jon^~1iS.~:P.'
: The deliberative' proceecUngS:*of -thd
day took on an added interest ..' from
the fact that a' leading Hindoo, Baba
Bharati, was introduced to speak as
the representative of his country. The
most intense applause that' has been
evoked thus far during the convention
greeted the Hindoo, who, dressed in
the costume of his people, delivered a
passionate speech in excellent English,
denouncing on the . one hand the at
tempt of Christianity to thrust Chris
tianity upon India as its religion, and
the policy of the English people of In
dia in invading Tibet.
It was voted during the session to
refer the subject of a reconciliation of
France and Germany on the Alsace-
Lorraine question to the Berne bureau
for study by a special committee.
Part of the phraseology of the cable
gram prepared to be sent to Andrew
Carnegie was objected to by a delegate
from New York, and it was finally re
written, so that Carnegie was hailed as
an earnest worker in the world's "bet
ter political order," instead of a worker
for the world's "just and rational or
ganization."
Three public meetings under the aus
pices of the congress were held to
night. One was for workingmen in
Faneuil Hall, where the principal
speaker was Samuel Gompers, presi
dent of the American Federation of La
bor. At Park-street church a meeting
was held by the women delegates to the
congress.' The duties of women in the
peace cause '.. ere considered by several
speakers, chief among whom was Bar
oness von Suttner of Austria. The du
ties of business men in the peace move
ment were set forth at another meeting
In Tremont Temple in s addresses by
prominent merchants.
LONDON.' Oct. 5.— Joseph Chamber-
Iain reopened his fiscal campaign at
Luton. Bedfordshire, to-night. The
Duke of Bedford presided. The audito
rium in which Chamberlain spoke had
been specially erected in the outskirts
of the town in order to accommodate a
large crowd, but its seating capacity
was taxed to the utmost.
Chamberlain began his speech with
an eloquent tribute to the late Sir Wil
liam Vernun Harcourt and said there
was no member of Parliament regard
less cf party but would sincerely and
deeply regTet the passing of that great
political leader.
On the fiscal proposition. Chamber
lain said it was not a party question,
but affected every vital interest of the
country. He dwelt at considerable
length on the agricultural situation and
painted a gloomy picture of present
conditions, predicted that there is
worse to come and said agriculture had
been crippled and land values shrunk
by hundreds of millions.
The capital of farmers, he said, had
fallen one billion dollars. There are
now fewer laborers by a million than
in 1831. and 18,000.000 people are under
fed, while the people of America, Ger
many and other foreign countries are
prosperous and surpassing Great Brlt
tin in every line of trade and business.
He- said that to <leny existing'condi
tions was impossible and to ignore them
would be criminal.
Alluding to ' Balfour's Edinburgh
speech. Chamberlain said he did not
¦want the protection of fifty years ago,
but he did want to make foreigners pay
toll on shipments to the British mar
ket, and unless Great Britain and her
colonies worked together there was
nothing in sight but disintegration of
the empire. Chamberlain said that
Balfour> statement concerning a con
ference with the colonies marked a dis
tinct advance, but Balfour should not
delay: he should call the conference at
once and see what terms could be
made with the colonies.
Chamberlain saw only one blemish
in Kalfour's proposal. That was. the
Premier seemed to think It would be
necersary. after the conference had ar
rived at an agreement, to take a sec
ond election. Chamberlain saw no need
of a second plebiscite and foresaw use-,
less and endless delay before the agree
ment was submitted to the respective
Parliaments if they had to wait until
evpry legislator at home and in the
colonies were re-elected.
Statesman Says Empire Will Fall to
Fieces Unless Colonies Stand
by Mother Country.
Discussion of Oriental Complication
Gives Rise to Debate Between Two
Delegates From Britain.
Actions of Colorado Beauty Give
Rise to Gossip, but She
Denies Engagement'
Said to Have Broken Witb
Mrs. PMpps, Recently
Divorced.
Declares T&at 13,000,000
People in England
Are Underfed.
Russia, 'Japan and Neutral
Powers to Be Addressed
on tlie Subject.
Appeal Made by ttie
Peace Congress
in Pnotnn
111 JJUutUll.
Joseph Chamberlain
Reopens Fiscal
Campaign. \
McKee's Name Cou
pled With That of
Rich Widow.
PREDICTS
DARK DAYS
FOR BRITAIN
ASKS THAT
END BE PUT
TO THE WAR
SAILS ON
SHIP WITH
MRS. TEVIS
LONDON. . Oct. 5.— The Greek
steamship Clementine, bound from
the Black Sea for Antwerp, foundered
recently twenty-three miles northwest
of Ushant. Seventeen members of the
crew, including the captain and other
officers, ' were : dro^rned. . Eight sur
vivors are at Lelxoes, Portugal.
Greek Vessel Kelmentink Founders
While on Way From Black Sea
to Antwerp.
SEVENTEEN" LIVES LOST
IN WRECK OF A STEAMER
. xjui tuxatxss.
Alcazar — "Ca?r.We." Matinea to
day.
California — "Tie Teadertcot."
Central — "Dealers In White
Women."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "The Oflce Boy."
Fischer's — Down the Line."
Grand — "York State Folks."
Iiyrio Sail — "Everyman."
Majestic— "Tie Henrietta." aaat
inee to-day.
Orvhextm — Vaudeville. Matt
nee to-day.
Tivoli — "The Serenade."
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
VOLUME XCYT— NO. 12S.
THE WEATEEE.
Forecast made at San Fran
cisco fcr thirty bonri eadinsr
raidnig-lit. October 6. 1904:
Saa Francisco and vicinity—
Froteably shower* Tnnrsday;
litTlit routhweet wlc4.
G. K. WXIiI.SOir.
Ziocal Forecaster.
(Temporarily in charjre).
The San Francisco Call.OMAHA, Oct. 5. — Five thousand
people assembled at Randolph, Neb.,
to-day to hear a political speech by
Williaxa Jennings Bryan and whiled
away several tedious hours awaiting
the orator's arrival, only to be dis
appointed. Bryan did not appear on
the speakers* itlatform.
"While the crowd impatiently killed
time wondering wha4: had happened
to delay hia coming Bryan, seven
miles from town on a dusty road, per
spired with hammer and wrenches
over a greasy machine in an unsuc
cessful effort to induce a balky auto
mobile to mo^e. The auto stuck and
had to be towed in. When Bryan
reached Randolph, In the nick of time
to catch the train for Wayne, he was
seated beside the driver of a farm
wagon with the auto trailing. The
auto had to be abandoned for repairs
and with it the plan of a speechmak
ing to-ur in a gasoline touring car.
His Machine Breaks Down and Pre
vents a Speech.
BRYAX DEI^ATED. BY AI7TO.
The election of officers Is scheduled
for to-morrow. All the present of
ficers are candidates for re-election.
The convention, after adopting an
appropriate resolution;* adjourned un
til- to-*norrow as a mark of, respect to
the memory of Postmaster General
Payne. ... . .
After the adjournment the resolu
tions committea -was announced: - It
includes the following' delegates: Cal
ifornia, C. W. Pendleton; Kansas, H.
H. Keefe.
Congratulatory messages were also
read from National Chairman Cortel
you and Senator Charles W. Fair
banks.
My Dear Mr. Moore: Permit me, through
you, to extend my warmest greetings to the
convention of tha National Kepubiican League.
I appreciate to the fullest the work it is
doing. The zealous and disinterested aid of
the men who compose it means more for the
party than almost any other kind of support,
and I count our party fortunate In having
able men to work for It in the spirit that
your organization has shown. We hold that
our party is worthy of support, because It has
served the nation with fidelity and efficiency
so long, and especially because it is now thus
serving it. Hoping you will have a most suc
ceasfull meeting I am, sincerely yours.
THEODOKE ROOSEVELT.
Secretary Weeks read the follow
ing letter from President Roosevelt,
which was received with three cheers
and a tiger, the delegates standing:
WHITE HOUSE,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 127, 1004.
Governor Winfleld T. Durbin of In
diana formally welcomed the dele
gates to the State.
The response Tvas made on behalf
of the convention by Sid B. Redding
of Arkansas, national treasurer.
The call was read by E. W. Weeks
of Iowa, secretary of the National
League, and the biennial address of
President Moore "was delivered.
President Moore made a feeling
reference to the death of Senator
Hoar and Postmaster General Payne.
At the close of his address he called
attention to the fact that the National
League was out of debt and had a
small balance in the treasury.
General James S. Clarkson of Iowa
and D. D. Woodmansee of Ohio then
addressed the convention.
IXDIANAPOLJS, Oct. 5. — The bi
ennial convention of the National Re
publican League of the United . States
opened here to-day with thirty-five
States and Territories represented by
delegations. According to its presi
dent, J. Hampton Moore of Philadel
phia, the league represents nearly
2,000,000 members organized into
7000 Republican clubs. Charles W.
McGuire, president of the Indiana
Lincoln League, called the convention
to order and Introduced President J.
Hampton Moore, who presided.
Letter of Congratulation
From Roosevelt Received
With Three Hearty Cheers
Just as he iraa about to take the
train from Carson Senator Fairbanks
was presented with an elaborately
carved silver and horn cane by L. H.
Rogers of the local Roosevelt Club.
In this city to-night the Senators ad
ds f-ssed all the people who could crowd
irto the Grand Theater and the de
mend for admittance made it evident
that a much larger hall could have
bee» filled. The meeting was marked
by a high degree of enthusiasm and the
applause was frequent and pronunced.
Ex-Chief Justice Massey presided. The
addresses were again along general
lines, and again the people of this
State were urged to give their sunr
port to the Republican party as most
calculated to promote the State's best
interests.
Senator Fairbanks presented the
claims of his party to the support of
the people because of its record as
a business organization. He said:
The Republican party is harmonious. There
Is no conflict of sesthnent, either oa rnea*
orei or •¦ith respect to oar candidate for th«
Presidency. Republican triumph will laaur*
the country that the administration of publio
affairs will not be embarrassed by warring
factions. No President can successfully ad
minister the Government who does not have
back of him the loyal and intelligent support
cf a it re* i party fitted to govern: no President
i« wise and able enough to succeed without
the cordial and united ' support of his party
associate*, and no President can fail to Rive
to th* country a successful administration
who has the Intelligent and "united Eupport of
a creat party.
Th» opposition is composed of discordant
elerr.frits. It Is sharply divided upon impor
tant issues, and its leadership is not supported
with entire unanimity.
Republican triumph will mean the success of
a united party, thoroughly dedicated to the
sur^ort of wUe and well-known policies. All
of the great departments of the Government
will be in control of men skilled in the ad
ministration of public affairs, and who will
co-operate in the advancement of the country
to the fullest possible degree in th« ways of
peace and prosperity. It »« essential to have
not only a sound President, but a sound, har
monious party back of htm.
The party left to-night for Utah.
I hav? tret-eltd from the Atlantic to the
i . •. . I have been ia the N>« Knfl&jid
.-¦>.•- in ihr Northern Rocky Mountain re
£-¦:.. lu tka Mississippi Valley ar.a have ueea
:•¦'.» o! : y <i»uiurj rowi. and I bring 11 to
: cu as m> deliberate Judgment that the people
ot the L'nitea i?Lait-5 bave already determined
In thfir heart of hearts to contlnus Theodore
Itoos*\e]t In the Presidency for the next four
jears to oome.
Discussing at the same place the
*»ut-6tlon of Irrigation Senator Fair
banks made reference to the fact that
the Democratic party had in its plat
form laid claim to the paternity of the
existing reclamation statute and had
designated it as the "Newlands law."
.This claim he pronounced to be with
out foundation because, he continued.
President Roosevelt deserved in the
main the credit for that most impor
tant legislation-
In his speeches at Car»on and Vrr
idr.ia City Senator Fulton took W. J.
Kryan to task for recent speeches, de
claring that he had sought to revive
"ihe race question and to stir up strife
rwtween labor and capitaJ. He defend
ed the Republican party as the best
friend the laboring element had ever
had.
REXO, New, Oct. 5.— Senators Fair
banks and Fulton ppoke to-day in the
thiee principal cities of Nevada— Reno,
Canon and Virginia City. Reaching
ttenb early this morning they proceed
ed io the other two places, returning
here for the night meeting.
At Virginia, the Senators were driven
about in four-nurse carriages and given
a general view of the points of histori
ia! Interest. Both at Carson and Vir
ginia they were cordially greeted and
their remarks liberally applauded.
In all thfcir speeches they urged the
reluin of Nevada to the Republican
ranks acd awelt upon the capacity of
that party to maintain prosperity In
the country.
"When the workers in these mines
come to reflect.'? said Senaxor Fair
bar.ks at Virginia, "I am sure they will
reach the concrusdan that there is more
prosperity fur theni under Rfpublican
r<-;licies than under any other policies."
Pleading for the support of the Re
publican party by the State Senator
Fairbanks said:
National Republican League
Meets in Biennial Session'
to Assist in the Campaign
Courts of Appeal
and Seawall Ex
tension.
JioLachhui through the river counties
of the Second Congressional District
closed to-night at a splendid .meeting
in this city, and to-morrow they will
vit-it the counties about the bay. The
trip of the last ten days, aside from
its political features, has proved of
great value to the people of the coun
try visited, as it has enabled Congress
man McLachlan to obtain a personal
knowledge of the needs of the Sacra
mento River and its tributaries. The
tour along the river began Friday,
when a splendid rvudience was ad
dressed at Walnut Grove. The party
then drove to Courtland. where Mc-
Kinlay spoke briefly. Saturday and
Sunday were devoted to Marysville,
with excellent results. Monday was
piven up to Easton, Yubat and Sutter,
a fine meeting beine heid in the aft
ernoon at Wheatland and a great
throng being encountered In the even
ing at Xicolaus. Tuesday McKinlay
addressed the workers of the railroad
shops in Sacramento. / •
DELEGATIONS
ATTEND FROM
ALL SECTIONS
MINERS WARMLY
GREET NOMINEE
Senator Fulton
Takes Bryan"
to Task. .
PROPOSITIONS
FOR CITIZENS
TO CONSIDER
FAIRBANKS Speaks in Three Nevada Cities-Contest in Wisconsin Won by LA FOLLETTE
Jeffersonians. your flag was pulled down at
St. Louis and you are left without leaders. I
«t Ve ?' cked u ? *<»** Osm from the ground
where It lay and I call upon you to rally to it
The tenement house cancer would not now
be eating its way Into tha vitals of social or
der. The hug© army of poverty and despair
would not now be marshaled under the black
flag of quenchless hatred to the rich and to
the system which made them rich. Bot^ of
the great political parties have alternately been
in power; both have had their opportunities
both have had their responsibilities, and both
should be condemned.
Had the Government governed Justly, the
probability is that we never would have had a
labor question In this young repu»H<3 — never a
strike, never a lockout, never a Cripple Creek
horror.
If your system Is not what it should be.
yours is the fault, for you have in your hands
the weapon with which it was intended you
should forever defend your liberties — the ballot.
Where Is the greater part of all the wonder
ful wealth which has been produced here dur
ing the last hundred years? Almost entirely
it is In the hands of the men who never cre
ated one dollar of It. and they got it mainly
by operation of laws which violate every prin
ciple of common* sense and common rights. No
Individual can resist the operation of laws.
The man. in whose favor the law works will
grow stronger, the victim weaker. To take
from him who made and to give to him who
did not make Is one of the worst forms of ty
ranny.
equal Justice to all prostitutes Its power and Is
false to Its mission.
Candidate of the People's Party
for President Hits at Parker
NEW YORK, Oct 5.— Thomas E.
Watson, nominee of the People's party
for the Presidency, was dined by his
friends to-night at a "dollar dinner"
in the Palm Garden on Lexington ave
nue. More than 500 members of the
People's party were there to greet the
candidate.
Watson began his speech by saying:
Oh! if that pretense up at Esopus would only
get out of my way. Oh! if Judge Parker would
only get out of my way and give me the Demo
cratic papers and give me the JefTersonian
speakers and give me the noble army that fol
lowed Bryan in "t>«>; if he would give me all
these I would show the Republican party and
Theodore Roosevelt the great militant Demo
cratic party from sea to sea. I would dare to
accept his challenge. I might not whip him,
but he would know he had . a . fight. I am a
fighter. On July 4 I was not worth even a
newspaper Item, but now. they are fighting me
with newspaper cartoons and editorials. I long
for and love the thunder of the pins, and if
only Judge Parker would gwt out of the way
and let me command the army that he may
command I would give Theodore Roosevelt a
battle
Continuing, Watson said.:
The fc-overnment which doe* not grant equal
protection to all. equal opportunity to all.
INDIANAPOLIS. Oct. 6.— A coalition
of the two Populist parties in Indiana
has been effected, the .fusionlsts with
drawing their State ticket, and the
State ticket nominated by the middle
of-the-roaders bedbmlng the Populist
ticket of Indiana. .
Indiana Populists Unite.
. NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— William P.
Schmidt Commissioner of N Parks for
the borough of Bronx, of " Greater
New York, and four members of the
Civil Service Commission were sum
marily removed from office to-day by
Mayor McClellan. The removals were
made after an investigation of charges
conducted by the Mayor and by the
Civil Service Commission.
Officials Removed by McClellnn.
WASHINGTON, Oct . 5. — President
Roosevelt called to-day at the apart
ments of the late Postmaster General
Payne to extend his , personal condol
ences to Mrs. Payne. A vast number
of telegrams were received to-day
from all over the country.
• Rev. Cotton Smith, rector of St
John's Episcopal Church, where the
funeral services are to be held at
11 o'clock Friday, will conduct the
ceremony there, and Rev. Isaac Nich
olson, Bishop of Milwaukee, will con
duct the services In Milwaukee. The
active pallbearers will be composed of
uniformed letter carriers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5. — President
Roosevelt to-day formally designated
First Assistant Postmaster General
Robert J. Wynne as acting Postmaster
General. While Wynne will act under
the designation as Postmaster General,
he will not have a seat In the Cabinet
as would a regularly appointed head
of an executive department.
Vast Number of Telegrams Received
by Family of Postmaster
General Payne.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
EXTENDS CONDOLENCE
. :\ MILWAUKEE, . Oct. 5. — There was
rejoicing in the quarters of the La
COOK WILL- WITHDRAW.
* NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— The first public
reception for Parker since his nom
ination for the Presidency was tendered^
him < to-night by the Manhattan Club.
The; clubhouse waa taxed to its utmost
capacify • to \ accommodate the invited
guests'. Judge ' Parker" and Judge; D.
Cady Herrick. Democratic ¦ nominee 'for
Governor, of New York, ; stood - side) by
Bide - (On a slightly elevated platf ornv
In addition to .the specially invited
guests a great throng ; accepted the^in
vltation implied, by, the managemerit'of
the t club/ ' - '->'*•'¦. i
Parker Holds Public Reception:
The Majestic 'Independent Republi
can Club of the Thirtieth Assembly
District organized at 2 9 Ms Ninth street
last night , and elected ' the following
officers; Tony Marzeotte, president;
E. F. Hunt, vice president;^. Schelle,
secretary; 1 B. v Hughes, treasurer; and
Frank Brill, sergeant at arms. The
president < of the club, a • young man
well " known "; in the ' district. \ made a
rousing speeclv in s behalf of the na
tional candidates and the i members ; of
the club , in a rising vote pledged
themselves ; to support the candidacy
of r Roosevelt ". ; and ; Fairbanks. ; With
rousing -cheers; -for -the -Republican
nominees the ¦* meeting adjourned, r ¦-
Organize in the Thirtieth.
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 5.— Tempter
Hall was crowded to-night by. every
class to hear Secretary of the Treasury
Shaw and George VA. Knight of , Cali
fornia address the "delegates' attend
ing;; the National' Republican .'League
convention: Knight said In part:
"Behind ; Judge Parker, as . advisers,
are i men that : , the people ; of the nation
would not trust in any public capacity.
Their private' interests are .of such ; a
character that they 'would ¦ prostitute
law and the well ; being : of the country
to further their own private and selfish
ends." JWJttaaJBaUWKLiWiWsiiMBI
Calif ornlan Speaks '% Witti Secretary
Shaw In Indianapolis. .
CROWDS TO HEAR KNIGHT.
WORCESTER, Mass., Oct. 5.— The
will of Senator »-Hoar, filed to-day,
makes no public beauests, dividing his
property between his son and daugh
ter and giving his estate in Paxton to
his granddaughter.
SENATOR. HOAR LEAVES
ESTATE TO HIS CHILDREN
NEW YORK, Oct. B. — The decision
of the Supreme Cotfrt of Wisconsin in
declaring the La Follette ticket to be
regular was read with intense inter
est by politicians in New York to-day.
The Republicans at national head
quarters expressed themselves as sat
isfied, as they believe that the two
factions will now support one ticket.
At Democratic headquarters Timothy
E. Ryan, member of the Democratic
executive committee for Wisconsin,
said he believed that the decision
would secure the election of the Demo
cratic State ticket and at least four
members of Congress, but the decision
made If. more'" difficult to carry the
State for the Parker and Davis ; elec
toral, ticket than i if the decision had
been in favor "of the "Stalwarts."
Decision Brightens Outlook In Wis
consin for Roosevelt.
NOW LOOK FOR HARMONY.
r,J^i i« S >,, Ge i lera I Corbin '» stay here
5£i «£\ !a de P a £ ur e for the Orient on
the 13th he and his party will stay at
San Mateo, the guests of Mrs. Kohl
A full expression of his views upon
the marriage of young lieutenants will
possibly be given to the press before
he sails for the Orient.
General Henry c. Corbin and party in
their private car arrived early.'- this
morning at the Oakland mole. <They
had been expected to arrive early In
the day, and arrangements for" their
reception and entertainment had been
made by Mrs. William Kohl at the
Palace Hotel. All orders had to be
countermanded on account of the late
arrival of the train.
Army Commander Who Does Not Fa
vor Marriages of YoUng Officers
Ia in City. K;
IiATB ARRIVAL OP OORBIN
PREVENTS ENTERTAINMENT
The German-American Republican
Club held an enthusiastic meeting last
night In Odeon Hall. In the absence
of the president. Colonel Robert
Wienfke, the first vice president, C.
B. Rode, presided, Carl W. Mueller
acting as secretary. The president
notified the club that he had appoint
ed the following committees: Execu
tive committee — Fred " Koment
(chairman),. Fritx Gercke, Dr. A. E.
Brune, W. de St. Paul-Seitz, Charles
Alpers, Oscar Tolle, Fritz Hagemann,
H. Bendit, Emil Hartmann, M. J.
Waldheimer.F. M. Freud, Ed S. Sal
omon and A. Van der Nalllen Jr.
Finance committee — Alfred Fuhrman
(chairman), CharleB Trautner, Wil
liam Loewe, D. B. Faktor, Fred Eg
gers, George Alpers, Albert R. Rltter.
Relnhold 'Jentsch, Charles Drescher,
H. F. Maass, Joseph- Scheerer and
Louis Ordenateln. Speeches on the
issues of the campaign were made
by Daniel ,\V. Burchard, candidate for
Judge, of Superior Court; Ed S.
Salomon. Judge M. J. Waldheimer,
ex-Judge Bahrs and Charles Alpers.
It was resolved that the executive
committee 'make . arrangements for
a mass-meeting to be held in the near
future.
Committees Are Appointed and Masa
;3 • Meeting Will ftoon Bo Held. ¦
GERMAN-AMERICANS MEET.
S. J. Naushton, Prominent Attorney
of Montana. Passes Away.
BUTTE. Mont.. Oct. 5. — Judge S. J.
Naughton, one of Butte's best known
citizens, dropped dead last night on
the street from an attack of heart
failure.
During the administration of Mayor
Dugan In 1893 and 1894 ha -was Police
Judge. A» an attorney he had an ex
cellent reputation and at the time of
his death was . United - States Court
Commissioner. He was at one time a
law partner with Mattison. now of
Forbls & Mattison. As a member of
the Butte lodge of Elks, he took a
prominent part In all the business of
the order.
The salaries of the Justices are to be
paid by the State. It Is provided that
the present Supreme Court Commission
shall be abolished at the expiration of
its present term.
Said District Courts ot Appeal shall hold
their regular sessions. . respectively, at San
Francisco. Los Angeles and Sacramento, and
they shall always be open for the transaction
of business.
The Supreme Court, by orders entered in Its
minutes, may from time to time remove one
c- more counties from one appellate district to
another, but no county not contiguous to an
other county of a district shall be added to
mieh district.
The Third district shall embrace the fol
lowing counties: Del Norte, s Slsklyou, Modoc,
Humboldt. Trinity. Shasta, Lassen. Tehama,
Plumas. Mendocino, Lake, Colusa, Olenn,
Butte, Sierra, Sutter, Tuba, Nevada. Sonoma,
Napa, Tolo. Placer. Solano.. Sacramento, El
Dorado, San Joaquin, Amador. Calaveras,
Stanislaus. Maripoea, Madera, Merced. Tuo
luxnne, Alpine and Mono. .
The Second district shall embrace the follow
ing oountlee: Tulare. Kings, San Luis Oblspo.
Kern, Inyo, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Los An
geles, San Bernardino, Orange, Riverside and
San Diego.
Senate constitutional amendment No.
2, relating to the judiciary and estab
lishing courts of appeal, ia favored by
the lawyers. The amendment provides:
Ttie State is hereby divided into three appel
late districts, in each of which there shall be
«a District Court of Appeal consisting of three
Justices. The First district shall embrace
the following counties: San Francisco, .Mar In.
Contra Costa, Alameda, San Mateo. Santa
Clara, Fresno. Santa. Cruz, Monterey and San
Benlto.
Six amendments to the constitution of
California and a proposition to author
ize the issue of $2,000,00(1 in bonds to ex
tend the San Francisco seawall will be
submitted to the voters at the election
on November 8. In the form as shown
above the propositions will be presented
on the official ballot. . - .
Citizens should keep in mind the fact
that no tax on real estate or personal
property can be levied to redeem the
seawall extension' bonds or to*" pay in
terest " thereon. The plan >which was
adopted to provide' money for the con-
Btruction of the ferry building will be
followed. The Board of State Harbor
Commissioners is" authorized and di
rected by the collection of dockage, tolls,
rent, wharfage and cranage to acquire
a sum of money sufficient for the pur
poses of the proposed extension. The
bonds will bear interest of 4 per cent.
The bonds shall bear date January 2,
1905, and shall be made payable Janu
ary 2, 1924. The State Treasurer will
sell the bonds at public auction to the
highest bidder for cash.
BT7TTB JUDGE DROPS DEAD.
NEW YORK. Oct. 5. — Judge Parker
to-day gave a sitting to Mueller Urey,
a portrait painter. The portrait when
finished will be given to Mrs. Parker.
Ex-Senator James K. Jones of Ar
kansas saw Judge Parker to-day and
after the conference announced that
he will give his undivided time to
Judge Parker in any way ho can b«
of service. Jones ridiculed stories
started a week ago that he had with
drawn his support from the national
ticket. He said Nevada and Montana
are Democratic and that reports are
favorable from Colorado, Idaho, Wyo
ming and Washington.
So far as* these States are concerned,
he said, a great deal of hard work on
the part of tha campaign committee
will be necessary. He said he was not
hopeful of carrying Washington for
the national ticket, but that he be
lieved former Senator Turner. th«
Democratic candidate for Governor,
will be elected.
Representative Van Duser of Ne
vada talked with Judge Parker con
cerning the campaign in his State and
told the Judge he would start at once
for Nevada, where he will make
speeches daily until election day.
Other members of Congress who
called to-day were Representatives
Burgess, Compor and Burleson of
Texas. I
Believes Democrats Have Still Some
Chance in the West.
The committee soon returned and
presented the names of A. R. Ahlborn
and E. T. McMurray for consideration.
Mr. Ahlborn said that he did not de
sire to stand in the way of Mr. McMur
ray if he desired to accept the honor at
the hands of the club, and he put a mo
tion that the report of the committee
be amended by the striking out of his
name. At his earnest request the mo
tion to amend prevailed and Mr. Mc-
Murray. was agreed upon.
Assisted by A. R. Ahlborn, J. J.Cas
sidy, William Hampton, W. H. Hazell,
Wallace Bradford. C. S. Brundage and
J. T. Terry, Mr. McMurray will imme
diately begin the, work of preparing his
petition for a place on the ticket. While
the signatures to this petition are be
ing secured another committee of twen
ty will make a house to house canvass
in. the interest of Mr. McMurray and
explain to the voters the condition of
affairs that compelled them to take the
action they did.
The meeting adjourned with three
cheers for McMurray and the renewal
of promises to him that every man of
the club will do his level best to see
that he is carried through to victory in
November.
Many of those present addressed the
gathering, which was a large one, In
the same strain, with the result that
when the time came to settle upon a
candidate every man present expressed
a willingness to go into the fight and
stay to the finish. Upon motion, the
chair appointed William H. Hazell.
Fairfax Wheelan, L. H. Pedler, J. JC
Cutten and J. A. Andrews a committee
to agree upon those who should be
considered by' the meeting as candi
dates for the office.
NAMES ARE PRESENTED. :
At the behest of Abe Ruef and F. A. Maes
trettl, Commissioner of Works, meri who at
the last election proved traitors to their party,
as they had done many times before, delegate*
to the municipal convention were placed on the
ticket whose interests were those of Ruef and
Maestretti. and then these men were elected
by the most flagrant fraud. , The ballot boxes
of the district were stuffed and we were beaten
not by fair means, but by foul. This we will
not tolerate, and we are here to show thess
men that here these methods will not be toler
ated. • .
Judge John R. Aitken, president of
the club, explained the situation to the
club in terms. that would permit of no
misconstruction. He said:
- We have met here to-night, not to express
disapproval of any Republican principles In
volved Id the. present situation, but to reaffirm
our allegiance to Republican principles by con
demning in no uncertain terms the dishonest
action of certain bosses who. In a manner any
thing but Republcan, robbed us of the right to
say who our candidate for the Assembly
should be.
Resolved, That It la for the best in
terests of the Republican party and
tho Thirty-ninth Assembly District for
the Independent Republican Club of
the district to initiate a movement for
the nomination of an independent Re
publican candidate, for the Thirty
ninth Assembly .District. •
ATTKEN MAKES STATEMENT.""
The selection of McMurray to repre
sent . the independent Republicans of
the district was preceded by a warm
discussion as to the advisability of
placing an Independent candidate for
the Assembly in the field. No one seri
ously opposed the move, but those that
favored it were unsparing in their criti
cism of the methods of the men that
had made their action - necessary. Be
fore the discussion was taken up, how
ever, a resolution under which the
meeting was called and stating Its pur
pose was presented and adopted. This
resolution follows:
An independent Republican candidate
for the Assembly-will be put in the field
in the Thirty-ninth Assembly District
in opposition to T. Ej. Atkinson, nomi
nee of the Republican organisation,
and, of course, the Democratic candi
date. At a meeting of the United Inde
pendent Republican Club of the district
named, held last night at .Fourth ave
nue and Clement, street, Attorney E. T.
McMurray, who resides at 329 Sixth
avenue, was selected as the choice of
the club to present a petition to the
Registrar requesting that his name be
placed on the ballot.
Refuse to Support T. E. At
kinson,\Vho JVVas Selected
by I Riiet I and Maestretti
JONES TO AID PARKER.
Follette State Central Committee here
to-da.y upon receipt of the decision of
the Supreme Court. It is known that
Samuel Cook, who heads the Stalwart
ticket, will withdraw, he having made
a statement to this effect a short time
ago in case the decision was unfavor
able to his cause. The State Central
Committee has the power to fill the
vacancy, but what will be done will
not be known until the committee
holds a meeting to take action. •
?
Republicans in the District
Name Lawyer E. T. McMur
ray to Bun for Assembly
Stalwarts Lose
the Big Legal
/"^ A J_
uontest.
At the Wisconsin State Convention,
held May 18 last, 1060 delegates were
given seats. Of these 108 were contest
ed. Of the uncontested delegates 515 1-3
were for La FoUette. The State Central
Committee, being of La Follette sym
pathy, seated but forty-three contested
"stalwart", delegates, giving La. Fol
lette a majority. The "stalwarts"
charged unfairness," bolted, nominated
a separate ticket and went into the Su
preme Court to compel the Secretary <*C
State to put the "stalwart" ticket in
the regular . Republican column on the
official ballot.. . . -
By the court — Both the motion of plaintiff
and that of the defendant are denied and the
cause is dismissed for want of sufficient facts
appearing to constitute a caiure of action.
PROCEEDINGS DISMISSED.
18. The foregoing conclusion follows logi
cally and necessarily, from the legal aspects
of the cue before stated. What the real right
In the matter in dispute might be found to be.
were this court permitted to disregard the de
cision of the special tribunal and Investigate
and determine the merits of the controversy
from that standpoint. It has no right to decide
or suggest. Duly constituted authority having
spoken within its Jurisdiction, it must be con
clusively presumed here to have spoken rightly.
1C. Section 85 of the statutes contemplated
in all cases mentioned therein of conflicting
claims as to the use on the official ballot of
a party designation.' that one set of the claim
ants shall be given preference \ thereto and
each of the others have a place upon the bal
lot under a designation sufficiently definite
from that accorded to the rightful claimant
of the particular designation to enable the
electors , to distinguish such set of Irregular
from the regular nominations.
17. The tribunal created by law to determine
the factional dispute In question for the guid
ance of the Secretary of State having as
sumed jurisdiction thereof and decided, free
from jurlsdlctlonal Infirmities, that the nomi
nations headed by Robert M. La Follette for
Governor are entitled to preference In re
spect to the use upon the official ballot of the
name "Republican ticket," it is the daty of
the Secretary of State to act accordingly,
certifying. both i>et« of nominations to the va
rious county clerks, but giving to those headed
by Robert M. La Follette for Governor prefer
ence as aforesaid. *
USE OF PARTY DESIGNATION.
12. The tribunal answering to the call of
said sect ten 35 is found to exist In the Re
publican State Central Committee elected at
the State convention of 1902. and duly certified
to the Secretary of State under section 31 of
the Statutes, therefore Jurisdiction of this
court is limited to deciding whether such com
mittee was or ia without Jurisdiction because
of bias or interest of some of Its members, or
whether its decision Is affected by Jurtsdlo
tlonal defects.
13. Such tribunal, though required to act
Judicially being an administrative rather than
a Judicial body, bias or Interest ot Its mem
bers does not disqualify them nor affect its
Jurisdiction.
14. The decision of the National Kepubiican
Convention as to which of the two sets of dele
gates from this State claiming the right to
represent the Republican party thereof In
such convention was entitled to recognition
is not of any significance to the Secretary of
State or to the committee authorised to deter
mine the factional dispute under said sec
tion 35 since exclusive Jurisdiction thereof as
regards the official ballot law was conferred
by the Legislature upon the latter as a special
tribunal, as before Indicated.
15. As soon as the nominations were made
by the conventions and duly certified rights of
nominees to places upon official ballot under
designation "Republican ticket" became vest
ed in them aa representatives of their respec
tive organtiatlonn, subject to the decision of
the special tribunal aforesaid, as to which of
the conventions was regular and such right
could therefore not be in any way affected
by the determination of any other tribunal.
11. The creation of a tribunal to determine
such controvers.es, no provisions being made
for a Judicial review of Its decisions, neces
istrily makes Its Jurisdiction exclusive and Its
decisions unimpeachable, except for Jurfsdlc
tlonal defects.
DECISIONS UNIMPEACHABLE.
(c> Such nominations were duly certified.
(d) Kach of said conventions claimed to be
the regular convention ot the Republican
party.
10. It was competent for the Legislature, in
authorization of official ballot and In granting
to the party nominees a right to have, their
names placed thereon under the party desig
nation, to subject that right. In case of contro
versy between two or more sets of nominees.
each claiming the same and such designation,
to the decision of the party tribunal as In
said section 35.
9. The present controversy comes clearly
within the second clause of said section 85,
answering, as it does, every call thereof:
(a) Two conventions were held.
' (b) Each ot said conventions made nomina
tions. ."'.
7. The first clause of section 32. Statutes of
1888, cannot apply to this case, because th*
dominant feature thereof is the existence of a
multifarious "claim to the same party name,"
dtterrninable. as before Indicated, by the cer
tifying officer from his own records, showing
the necessary source of regularity.
8. While tha dominant feature of such first
clause is the existence of a. multifarious "claim
to the same party name." one of such claims
only being based on the "call of the regularly
constituted party authorities." the dominant
feature of the second clause Is the existence
of a multifarious "claim to th» sajna paxty
name," based on a like claim of the regularity
of the party convention, each of the claimants
referring necessarily to the "call of the ree
ularly constituted party authorities," as in
the case In hand. ¦. -~-
(5. Tho first clause provides for a case where
only one of two or more conventions Is claimed
to have been bald upon the call of the regu
lar party committee and. the '• Identity of that
one is. therefore, not In doubt. Tha second
clause provides for a case where all of the
conventions are claimed to have been held
pursuant to the call cf such and the eama
committee by creating a tribunal to decide
for guidance for the Secretary of State which
set of nominees Is regular, and therefore en
titled to uae of the party name, such a tri
bunal possessing by familiar rules exclusive
and final Jurisdiction, save as hereafter stated.
DUTY OP PARTY TRIBUNAL.
(A)— "in case of a division In any- political
party, and a claim by two or more factions
thereof to the same party bum, the officer
with whom the certificates of nomination are
required to be filed shall, in certifying such
lamination or preparing ballots, give prefer
ence* of name to the convention or caucus
thereof held pursuant to the call of the regu
larly constituted party authorities, and if the
committee representing the other faction pre
sent no other party name such officer may
designate the name , in such manner as will
best distinguish the nominations thereof.
(B) — "When two or more conventions or cau
cuses shall be held and the nominations rheieot
certified, eaoh claiming to be the regular con
vention or caucus of the same political party,
preference In designation shall be given to the
nominations of the one certified by the com
mittee, which h*d been officially certified to
be authorized to represent the party."
5. The Legislature Intended to provide for
.settlement out of court of all questions between
factions of a party concerning the right to
place the party named upon tha official bal
lot, by section 35, Wisconsin Statutes. In these
words: >
FACTIONAL DISPUTES.
1. The controversy shown to eiist by the
foregoing sufficiently concerns the prerogatives
of the State and affects the liberties of the
people to be within the original Jurisdiction
of this court. ' . ' .
2. Such controversy i» at «0 grave a char
acter and of such public importance as to
warrant this court in exerclsin* Its original
Jurisdiction to determine the right of matter,
so far as the door Ife open for It to do.
3. Sinc« the question presented merely In
volves the duty of the Secretary of State for
the performance of an act especially enjoined
by law. It b a Judicial one.
4. For the present case, the time not having
arrived when the Secretary of State is required
to make certification of nominations, by the
general rule there in no remedy at law by
mandamus, hence action, if maintainable at
all. is properly brought in equity, if the Legis
lature has not furnished another and exclu
sive remedy.
MADISON, Wis., Oct. 5.— The Su
preme Court to-day decided the La Fol
lette ticket regular. Three Judges-
Marshall. Dodge and Winslow— were for
the La Follette faction, while Chief
Justice Cassoday dissented. The opin
ion will be filed later by Justice Mar
shall. After setting forth the facts
alleged in the complaint and in the an
swer filed, the decision continues:
INDEPENDENT
CANDIDATE IN
THIRTY-NINTH
COURT SUSTAINS
REGULAR TICKET
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1904.
Duncan E. McK inlay and Congressman
McLachlan Well Received.
ELK GROVE. Oct. 5. — The tour of
Duncan E. McKinlay and Hon. James
ADDRESS ELK GROVE VOTERS.
BEXICIA, Oct. 5.— The Republican
campaign was opened in Solano Coun
ty this evening with great enthusiasm.
Chairman J. R. Cronin introduced the"
speakers at the City Hall. Joseph R.
Knowland was roundly applauded. A.
L. Hart of Sacramento, Ben F. Rush
and Frank R. Devlin also addressed
the meeting.
Enthusiasm at Bcnicia.
SELMA. Oct. 5.— An enthusiastic Re
publican meeting was held in the Pa
vilion to-night. Congressman Need
ham and the Hon. Frank Short ad
dressed the audience. Congressman
Needham won the inthuslastis in
dorsement of his audience by his ref
erence to the fruit -farmer and the
tariff. He pledged his be^t efforts
toward perpetuating the tariff on raia
las and fruits, to protect the farm
ers of the San Joaquin Valley from
still lower prices owin,j to foreign com
petition.
Congressman Necdham Is Well Re
ceived by Enthusiastic Gath
ering.
MEETING AT SELMA.
PROPOSITION AND
CONSTTTUTIOXAIj AMENDMENTS.
"For the San Francisco Seawell
Act."
"Against tJie San Francisco Sea
well Act."
SENATE OONSTTTUTION
AL AMENDMENT NO. 2. Yea
Relating to the judiciary,
and establishing courts of No
appeal. ;
SENATE CONSTITUTION^
AIi AMENDMENT NO. 4 Yea
Relating to the exemption
from taxation of the prop
erty now or hereafter be- No
longing to the "California
Academy of Sciences."
SENATE CONSTITUTION
AL AMENDMENT No. 11. Yes
Relating to exemption of
shipping from taxation. No
SENATE CONSTITUTION^
AL AMENDMENT NO. 20. Yes
Relating to the length of
legislative sessions, th&
compensation of members
of tlie Legislature, and No
limiting the number of
employes of the Senate and
Assembly, and declaring
elections of Governor.
ASSEMBLY OONSTITU
TIONAIi- AMENDMENT Yes
NO. 17.
Relating to revenue and
taxation. No
ASSEMBLY CONSTITU
TIONAL 'AMENDMENT Yes
NO. 20.
Relating to the power of
the Legislature to amend No
existing codes.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ¥ALUE OP CHARCOAL.
Few People Knew How Useful It Is in Pre-
serving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier In nature, but
few realize its value when taken into
the human system for the same cleans-
Ing purpose.
Charrtal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; it is not a
drug at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and Impurities always present
in the stomach and intestines and car-
ries them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
rmoking, drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently cafe cathartic
It absorbs the injurious gases whfch
collect in the stomach and bowels; It
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money is
In Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they
are composed of the finest powdered
"Willow charcoal, and other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather in
the form of large, pleasant tasting loz-
enges, the charcoal being mixed with
honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
toon tell in a much improved condition
of the general health, better complex-
ion, sweeter breath and purer blood,
and the beauty of it, is that no possible
harm can result from their continued
use, but, on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal says: "I ad-
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients suffering from gas in stomach
and bowels. aiTd to clear the complex-
ion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is great-
ly benefited by the dally use of them;
they cost but twenty-live cents a box at
drug stores, and although in some sense
a patent preparation, yet I believe I
get more and better charcoal in. Stuart's
Charcoal Lozenges than In any." of the
ordinary charcoal tablets." ¦ *' ' .
_'"'-; To Care a^ Cold* ; in r . One Day % . ;
Take .' Laxative .Broino: Quinins^Tablets. , k All
druggists refund . the" money il .' It ' falls ,*o cure.
E. ,W. :_ Grove's /'Signature is on ¦ each ; box.-; 23c; «
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
BLOOD WILL TELL*
It takes lots of vitality, uerrooa force and
strength to win a race Blood most be
pare and good.
Without good red Mood a man has a
weak heart and poor nerves. Thinness of
the blood, or anemia, is common in men
and young women, and all those who work
indoors, who do aot get enough good ox-
ygen in their lungs, consequently have too
many white blood corpuscles.
Keep the nerves nourished, the heart
strong, the head cool, the stomach vigorous,
the liver active with a tonic which baa
stood the test of time and has a wide repu-
tation, such as Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery.
Tonics consisting of large portlona of
alcohol, iron or cod liver oil, do not bring
the desired changes in the blood, because
they do not enter the system and are not
absorbed into the blood, with the excep-
tion of the alcohol, which aorif els op tfi«
red blood corpuscles when it does come ia
contact with them. Therefore do not allow
the dealer to insult your intelligence by
telling you he has something better thaa
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery.
77k* cost of mailing only. -The People'*
Common Sense Medical Ad-roer," 1008 largo
cages, is vzaXfrce on receipt of twenty-ono
one-cent stamps, for the paper - covered
book or thirty -one «tamp» for the dots*
bound volume. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
For constipation, the true, scientific ears
is Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets. MUd,
harmless, yet eure. No other pill can com*
pare with them.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
4MUSEUI OF ANATOMY?
\ ,Cf . Th« Limn Anatomical Mn»»— in U« \
O f3 yl S(xa*ilu o. u>« Co««. E»t * ynn. Q
6 fl^^fl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN 4
\ I €5?^rl Co"" 1 ***- *"• «n<l «trktl 7 prints. \
0 I WB Tr-nnent p«r*ouli y or b T letter. A §
\ I W Sl» **•*«•• AiMUnwycSMmd.naiea. T
Or I II 9 w nt«for Boalc. rUL«1UPaT.r A
T ' I II' «*¦¦!*««. MAILKO FM3. ( A f
A 0 i|. mlubl* baok far am) \
V JDK. JOBDAJI a% CO.. 1031 Marks* St. S. W. V
<^/ey»-V'^'^ «% «^. ¦¦*» «^. «^,Q
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
CARTERS) c * jbb S1CK nEADACH2 "
EgBrrTLE Genuine Must Bear
3 IVER Facsimile Signaturt
a PILLS. --^9 a«Dignitaries of the Church
of England Are Hissed by a
Crowd on Public Street
LIVERPOOL MOB
HOOTS CLERGY
FAY "WILL. IS VALID.— The will of John
Fay was upheld by the Supreme Court yester
day. 8ome of the heirs sought to Invalidate
the Instrument because.lt bore the 'date of
isr,!i and was written more than twenty years
later. The Supreme Court says the will should
not be considered void > simply because the ter
tator made an error In — Itlng: the date.
FLAG AT HALF MAST
ON STATUE OF LIBERTY
Action Taken Out of Respect for Bar
tholdi. the Sculptor Who
Designed It.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— By an order
of the War Department, flags on the
statue of Liberty and the buildings on.
Bedlow Island and on the steamboat"
Falcon were half-masted to-day out of
respect for Bartholdi. the French
sculptor, who designed the statue, and
who. died in Paris yesterday.
NEW MINISTER'S WORDS
MEET .WITH APPRO VAIi
Addresses of Congratulation . Sent to
Syiatopolk'-MirskyJ by Moscow
and Odessa.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 5.— The
municipalities ; of Moscow; and Odessa
have both sent addresses to Prince
Peter Sviatopolk-Mirsky, the new Min
ister-of the Mnterior, congratulating
him on the sentiments expressed in his
recent'^ utterances '. and tendering him
their 'hearty, co-operation. : - '¦;; - : :
Good Orange Crop In .Sight.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 5.— -With a to- j
tal of nearly: 27,000 cars in sight, the
new! Southern," California^ orange; crop,
while' not! a- record '.breaker, in ; volume,
promises ." to Y prove ; a close \ second'^ to
the' season ' that ,will ; close November ' 1."
We have converted our picture room
into a beautiful art gallery for the ex
hibition and sale of moderate-priced
paintings, water colors, pastels, etch
ings and fine photographs. Inspection
cordially invited. Sanborn. Vail & Co
741 Market street. . • '
A New Art Gallery.
' TRINIDAD, Cojo., Oct. 6. — In the
District Court to-day Judge Northcutt
denied the motion to quash the re
turn to the summons in the case of the
"Victor Fuel Company against the
United Mine "Workers of America for
$85,000 damages for interfering with
the plaintiff's business during the min
ers' strike, which was called last fall
and is still in progress In this district.
The defendants have now exhausted
every means to prevent a trial and the
case will 'be heard at the January
term of court.
Damage Suit Brought by Victor Fuel
Company of ' Colorado to Be
Heard In January.
UNITED MINE WORKERS
MUST NOW FACE TRIAL
SAN JUAN, P. R., Oct. 5. — One
thousand squatters on iands, assigned
by Presidential proclamation for army
and navy purposes protested to Gov
ernor Winthrop to-day against the
destruction . of their homes,, which
they have been ordered to vacate. The
Governor promised to give considera
tion to the protest.
Squatters on Land Assigned to Army
and Navy Protest to Gov
, ernor Winthrop.
OBJECT TO VACATING
HOMES IN PORTO RICO
New Postmasters Appointed.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— T. H. Bal
lard has been commissioned postmas
ter at Canby and Kate M. Miller at
Corcoran, Cal.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 5. — The Post
offlce Department is arranging the
mail service to the war zone in ac
cordance with the advance of the Jap
anese troops in Manchuria. A general
order issued to-day, directs that mail
for Newchwang and other places in
.Manchuria occupied by the Japanese
forces will be forwarded to San Fran
cisco and Seattle, to be included in the
mails to be made up in Kobe, Japan.
America Will Send Letters to Parts of
Manchuria by Way of
Coast Points.
MAIL SERVICE ARRANGED
TO ORIENTAL WAR ZONE
KINGSTON, Island of St. "Vincent,
Oct. 5. — A peculiar phenomenon, a
dust cloud, overshadowed the island
October 2 for a whole day. It was
accompanied by intense heat, giving
the impression that the Soufriere vol
cano on this island was in eruption.
No detonations were heard. An in
vestigation has since been made by a
party, which ascended the mountain
yesterday. -They report that there are
no indications of an eruption. Fine
dust alsolfell there.
This is supposed to be from Mount
Pelee, island of Martinique, which de
stroyed the town of. St. Pierre with
the loss of 30,000 to 40,000 lives In
May, lffO2. ': _
Heavy Clouds and Intense Heat Are
Supposed to Have Been Caused
by Mount Pelee.
ISIiAND OF ST VIXCEXT , :
IS OVERSHADO'WED BY DUST
Writes to Her Attorneys in Positive
Terms That the Rumors
Are Not True.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6* — Mrs. Flor
ence Maybrick has written to her at
torneys here, positively denying re
ports that she intended appearing on
the stage. f-V* : .
MRS. MAYBRICK DENIES THAT
SHE WILL GO OX THE STAGE
The following was received by tho
House of Bishops from the English con
gress:
"The Liverpool Church Congress
sends brotherly greetings to the Epis
copal church of America."
The convention is regarded as the
most important ever held by the Epis
copal denomination. The proposed leg
islation embraces questions of moral re
form, alterations In the ecclesiastical
administration and even a change In
the name of the church itself. The
House of Bishops and the House of
Dtputies, the legislative bodies, will de
vote three weeks to the consideration' of
business, and on several topics, such
as the movement to prevent the remar
rying by the clergy of a divorced per
son while the former partner is liv
ing, and the demand from certain
quarters to omit the word "Protestant"
from the church's legal title, "The
Protestant Episcopal Church of the
United States," a protracted discussion
is anticipated.
A proposal to group the dioceses Into
Bishop Doane welcomed the Arch
bishop of Canterbury and then devoted
a large part of his sermon to the divi
sions of Christendom. He discussed the
barriers which separate the Anglican
church from other denominations and
how they might to some extent be
broken down. While the recognition of
papal supremacy was impossible, the
Archbishop thought th.at the church
might readily recognize the primacy of
the Bishop of Home because of the an
tiquity of the Roman See. He urged a
broadening of the church's sphere.
At the opening session of the House
of Deputies Dr. Randolph H. McKim of
Washington, D. C, was selected chair
man over Rev. Charles L. Hutchins of
Concord, the candidate of most of the
high churchmen present. Dr. Henry
Anstls of Philadelphia was elected sec
retary. Bishop Lawrence of Massachu
setts was chosen chairman of the house
of Bishops by unanimous vote. ¦ Dr.
Samuel Hart of Middletown, Conn.,
was re-elected secretary.
BOSTON, Oct. 5.— The Archbishop of
Canterbury and Bishops from many
parts of the world attended the open
ing session of the general triennial
convention of the Episcopal church here
to-day. The English primate was last
in a long procession of dignitaries
which passed up the aisle of Trinity
Church, where the opening service was
held in the presence of an Immense
congregation. He recited one of the
prayers in the office of the holy com
munion and read the gospel.
provinces with a senior bishop or pri
mate at the head of each proposed dis
trict, and a plan to have a final court
of review established for the purpose of
hearing appeals from diocesan courts,
will also be warmly debated. Missions
at home and abroad will form another
live subject for consideration both by
the convention Itself and by several
specially arranged missionary mass
meetings at some of which the Arch
bishop of Canterbury and prominent
Americans will speak.
Many Noted Clergymen At
tend Gathering at Boston.
WATER SUPPLY
FOR GOLDFIELDS
Pipe Line Is to Be Built
From the Alkali Springs
to the New Mining Camp
Special Dispatch to The Call.
associated with other prominent capi
talists. > •
It was stated on authority that the
plans for the Immediate construction
of the line have been completed and
that work will be started In a few
days. C. M. Oddie has been in San
Francisco for several days buying ma
terial, and is expected to return to
Goldfields to-morrow. The line will be
ready for conveying water into Gold
flelds by January 1 and will guarantee
the town a daily supply of 100.000 gal
lons. Lack of water has been the most
serious drawback to the progress of
work in Goldfields.
A movement is now on foot at the
camp to organize it Into a town In or
der to Insure better sanitary arrange
ments, and it is expected that this un
dertaking will be accomplished during:
the next two months.
Chance of Time.
The Mill Valley and Mount Taznalpais
Scenic Railway announces the change of
time for mountain trains, the winter
schedule now being in effect.
Week days there will be but two trains
— one at 9.50 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays — 8:25. 9:50 and 11 a. m. and
1:45 p. m.
RENO, Nev., Oct. 5.— It was an
nounced here to-day that a contract
has been awarded for the construction
of a pipe line into Goldfields for the pur
pose of supplying that thriving mining
camp with a much required supply of
water. The line Is to be built by C. M.
Oddie, brother of Tasker Oddie, the
millionaire mining man of Tonopah,
and will connect Goldfields with Alkali
Springs, which are situated ten miles
south of the new mining town. The
project is to be financed by the Com
bination Mines Company, one of the
biggest enterprises of Goldflelds, which
Is controlled by a Boston syndicate, at
the head of which is Arthur Winslow.
ACCUSED OP PORGERI. — Henry Fr*hm.
a marina fireman, waa arrested yesterday
rooming by Policeman J. F. O*Brt«n on Turk
street and booked at the City Prison oo a
charge of forgery. He Is accused of forging
the name of M. McLeod to a check tor WO.
which he passed on E. H. Harris A Co,
DISTINGUISHED CLERGYMEN. OF THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH WHO ARE AT
TEXDIN'G THE GENERAL. TRIENNIAL. CONVENTION AT BOSTON ¦¦ AND
"WHICH PROMISES TO BE THE MOST IMPORTANT EVER HELD.
•WASHINGTON. 'Oct. 6. United
States Treasurer Roberts has received
advices of the probable arrival at San
Francisco within . the next , few days
of $2,500,000 in Australian gold sover
eigns and $858,000 in Japanese yen
from- Yokohama and* has granted au
thority for the deposit of this foreign
gold in San Francisco for telegraphic
currency credit in New York. There
is nothing unusual in the (deposit of
foreign gold at San Francisco, but at
this season of the year the large share
of imports has usually come from the
European money centers direct to New
York.
Will Be Deposited In TTiis City for
Telegraphic Currency Credit
in New York.
THREE MILLIONS IN COIN
ON WAY TO SAN FRANCISCO
LISBON, Oct. 5.. — The Minister of
Marine announced in the Chamber
that a detachment of Portuguese
troops, belonging to a column operat
ing in -Portuguese West Africa
against the Cuanhamas, was surprised
by the tribesmen while crossing the
Cuene River. The. detachment, which
numbered 499 officers and men,
lost 254 killed, Including fifteen offi
cers and fifty men wounded..
. It is officially announced that Ger
many will put 8000 v European troops
in the field against the : Hereros , in
German South Africa, who are neigh
bors of the Cuanhamas. Both, tribes
are established in the Cuene district.
The Cuene River forms the boundary
between German anl Portuguese
Southwest Africa.
The Portuguese force includes 255
Europeans, of whom 109 are missing.
The force was ambushed at night.
The Government is considering the
organisation of a force of five thou
sand men to suppress the Cuanhanas
and will dispatch warships to strength
en the Angola naval division.
Troops Are Surprised and Mowed
Down by Tribesmen While Cross
ing the Cucne River.
HUNDREDS OF PORTUGUESE
KILLED IN WEST AFRICA
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5. — By order
of the War Department, Post Com
missary Sergeant Johann W. Schauff,
now at the Winchester Hotel, San
Francisco, upon the expiration, of his
furlough, authorized" May 5, will re
port to the purchasing commissary In
that city for duty. Private Walter E.
Stayton, Company M, Nineteenth In
fantry, Vancouver Barracks, Wash., is
transferred to the signal corps. ¦ He
will be sent to Benicia Barracks, re
porting on his arrival to the com
manding officer for duty.
Under orders to officers of th« navy.
Commander N. Sargent is detached
from duty as a member of the general
board, at Washington, D. C, October
10 to command the Baltimore, sail
ing from San Francisco about Octo
ber 25. Lieutenant Commander W. B.
Caperton is detached from the navy
yard at Mare Island, to the Ohio.
Directions From Washington of In
. tercet to People of the
Pacific Coast.
ORDERS AFFECTING MEN
IX THE ARMY AND NAVY
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 5.— The concluding
session of the International Congress
on Tuberculosis was held to-day and
was devoted largely to the discussion
of sanitariums suitable for the treat
ment of patients afflicted with con
sumption and methods to prevent in
fection. The discussion embraced the
medical and surgical aspects of tuber
culosis, beneficial climatic conditions,
and the effect of light and electricity
on patients in the course of treatment.
That phthisis of the Iung3 cannot be
cured was the statement made to-day
by Dr. Fred Kobenheir of St. Louis,
who explained the discoveries of Pro
fessor Otto von Shroen of the Royal
University of Naples. Professor von
Shroen was unable to be present and
cent his paper to be read. Professor
von Shroen explained that a patient
suffering from consumption could live
for years In apparent health, but un
der favorable circumstances the germ
of the disease would become active and
destroy the lung tissue- In cases of
phthisis of the lungs, the professor
said, he had discovered a new germ.
which, together with the germ that had
hitherto been known to doctors to de
sfroy all animal life, existed only in the
cases of phthisis of the lungs. The fol
lowing resolution was tnen adopted:
"Resolved, That a committee of four
be appointed who shall constitute a
committee on* publicity and who shall
be empowered to enlarge their number
by enlisting a numbe> of prominent
philanthropists, physicians and others
who may be able to assist in carrying
on a strong educational campaign
against tuberculosis."
Dr. J. H. Kellogg of Battle Creek,
Mich., was appointed chairman of the
committee. The following officers were
elected: President. Dr. F. E. Danials,
Austin, Tex.; secretary, M. M. Smith,
Austin, Tex.; treasurer. Dr. Clark Bell.
New Tork: chairman of the council,
P. O. Hamford, Colorado Springs, Col.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— For about
half a century It has been the practice
of the War Department to have sol
diers 1 clothing made at the Schuylklll
arsenal, Philadelphia, by the widows
and orphan children of soldiers. Re
cently the department decided to have
the work done by contract, purely as a
business proposition. To-day a dele
gation called on the President, who after
hearing the facts directed that the idea
of having the work done by contract be
abandoned and that it be given to the
women, as has been the practice in the
past.
At the conclusion of the hearing J. R.
Craig % a member of the delegation rep
resenting the Grand Army of the Re
public, pinned to the lapel of the Presi
dent's coat a handsome G. A". R. badge
which he had been delegated by Meade
Post of Philadelphia to present him as
an insignia as an honorary member of
that post. The President expressed his
pleasure at receiving the badge and at
the compliment paid him by Meade
Post.
War Department Had Decid
ed to Try Contract System
as a Business Proposition
Paper by Prof. Von Shroen
Read, Holding Phthisis of
Lungs to Be Incurable
EULES AGAINST CHANGE
OFFICEKS ARE ELECTED
Physicians at Tuberculosis
Congress Decide Upon a
Campaign .of Education
Hbosevelt Orders Work of
Making Soldiers' Clothes
Again Be Given to Them
COMES TO AID
OF THE WIDOWS
PLAN TO WAR
ON DISEASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1904.
EPISCOPAL CHURCH
HOLDS CONVENTION
Helen Gould on Inspection Tonr.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 5. — Miss Helen
Gould passed through St. Louis to-day
->n a tour of inspection of Y. M. C A.
establishments on the lines of the Mis
souri Pacific Railroad. The trip will
extend as far west as Denver.
One Person Killed and Eight Injured
in Accident on the Augnsta-
Sonthern in Gfsjrgia.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 5. — A passen
ger train on the Augusta-Southern
Railway ran into a burning trestle
near Mitchell, Ga_, to-day. W. S.
Ehurley, baggage master, was killed
and eight others injured.
PASSENGER TRAIN RUN'S
INTO BURNING TRESTLE
LONDON. Oct. 6.— Extraordinary
Ectnts were witnessed at Liverpool In
connection with the annual Church of
England Congress now proceeding
there. The Lord Mayor held a recep
tion at the Town Hall, which was at
tended by all the leading bishops and
clergy of the United Kingdom. Then
the procession formed and marched to
the cathedral. Large crowds gathered
in the streets, to whom several leading
churchmen, including followers of the
late John Kensit's son and the Wy
clifte preachers, an organization found
ed by the late Mr. Kenslt, had previ
ously distributed anti-ritualistic pamph
lets.
As the procession, headed by the
civic regalia and the corporation, fol
lowed by the bishops and clergy, in
their robes and on foot, neared the
cathedral the demonstrators com
menced to shout "Down with Popery."
"Oh, for another Luther."
"When the venerable Archbishop of
Tork appeared, his silver cross of office
held up before him. the crowd shrieked
"Traitors," "It is Popery In the
streets," "Send them all to Rome."
Amidst a storm of hissing and shout-
Ing, the archbishop passed Into the
cathedral unmoved by the uproar.
A strong force of police was stationed
about the building, the authorities fear-
Ing more serious trouble.
SU3DI0X AID OF POLICE
Cries of "Traitors" and "Down
With Popery" Greet the
Assemblage of Divines
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tills Is a very good picture of Mrs.
Mary Rivest. -»rbo lives at 522 Forty-
fourth street. Oakland. Mrs. Rivest suf-
fered jaany years with rheumatism. Fi-
nal] r the left kaee became stiffened,
swollen and painful, and at last tho left
l*g became paralyzed. The home physi-
cian feared gangrene at the knee and ad-
vised axapntation of the leg. Mrs. Ri-
vest objected to amputation and on" ad-
vice from a friend she had her relatives
take her to the Klectro-Chemic Institute,
118 Grant avenue. San Francisco. The
Klectro-Chemic treatment cured Mrs.
Kivest quickly. Ther« was no cutting.
There xths no pain. In a short time she j
threw away her crutches. Her left leg
is row as good as the other and Electro-
chemistry did the work when all other
treatments had failed. Should any one i
.interested doubt the whole truth of this
most -wonderful cure they should so and
see t_he happy, cured patient. She would
be only too glad to vouch for its truth.
The Electro-Chemic cures of Cancer, Tu-
mors, Consumption. Catarrh. Asthma,
Bronchitis. Deafness. Ringing Ears.
Rheumatism. Paralysis. Locomotor
Ataxla, Neuralgia. Dyspepsia. Liver
Trouble. Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
Piles. Fistula. Constipation. Headache,
Dizziness. Insomnia. Epilepsy. Stricture,
Prostatitis, Blood Poison, Female Irreg-
ularities and Misplacements, etc.. etc^
are just as wonderful as the cure of Mrs.
Rivest. and upon application the testi-
monials of hundreds of cured patients
living right here la San Francisco will
be cheerful 'y given. These wonderful
<rures are quick, permanent and inexpen-
sive, and. no matter how many other
treatments have failed. Klectro-Chemls-
try tro'jld in all probability prove cura r
tiv«\ The Electro-Chemic X-Ray exami-
nation is the most reliable examination
that any sufferer can have. Such an ex-
amination will <juickly show whether a
<-a.j?e is curable or not. and this examina-
tion Is now absolutely free to any suf-
ferer applying at the Institute for it.
Dor.'t mistake tKe place. The success
of the Electro-Chemic practice has
caused ot?:cr physicians to try to imitate
it. The Electro-Chemic Institute .occupies
nearly the wliol- first l!oor of the large
building, 13 8 Grant avenue, corner of
Post street. The offlce hours are from 9
to 5 end 7 to S daily and from 19 to 1 on
Sundaj-s. Consultation, examination and
advice arc free to all. and patients living
at a distance arc furnished a home treat-
ment that is most successful and are
loaned, free of charge until cured, a
complete Electro-Chemic apparatus.
From a wide experience, the physicians
of the Elect ro-Chemic Institute have
learned that the very best advertising
comes from patients who have been
quickJy. thoroughly and cheaply cured.
and while Mrs. Rivest only paid a few
dollars for her wonderful cure, she has
been the means of sending many other
to the Institute for treatment.
simmer mom
OWlf In mountains CAatP
SUIOZB aOSZS of Sonoma Co.KET*.JC£B
fw.e v.ai'.r, equable cHm&te, iols tclllr.£ »io
up; cottages built, by Mtxker, |5o up; depot:
fcjores: • rcjUR'-irant; hotel; pou an4 eiprrn;
u !' pJ.cr.f-. epwmill; 900 lots sold: SOO coitacea
tuiii. £*usa!ito ferry. N.S.K.R. M. C MEEK.
Z'.H. Ctiup Jie^ker. Sonocsa County..
¦ >. - .
XTORTK SEOBC ZOT£L— On Tomales
Ua y. tjffo-i table *ld<1 ¦ accommodations, li&u**
fca*-ilg!ited. Prices \ cry - reasonable. . MILS. J.
tlWZLVS XarshalZa, Maru* County, Cal..
ADVEKTlSEaiEXTS.
tet" Your Husband Carry kheHod
— the Coal hod. Ite no
occupakionTor* a Wbmaii.
Gas'jCookin^is k\V
; cheaper ;kliaucc^t==^^| .
. -and:doctor_lMUs. "^^Slffc. :
Buy aGasRange From i
SAN FRANCISCO;GAS;AND;ELECTRIC:CO^ ;•
;V4xs e POST STREET,*'
ggGALSHOES. .^^^^^ l W ww 1 .-^^-..-LruTnriT.
1 QTTP'RFMAf'Y?'
I A T last we can announce to the public that Regal Shoes are made in ; ,
• •*"** QUARTER SIZES. Never before has such an achievement .been" >
accomplished in shoe manufacture. • , * - A "•< -
There are now 288 different fittings in each of the 75 new Regal h §
\ styles— 36 quarter sizes in 8 widths. No other manufacturer can offer ; / [
5| you more than half as many. £yM- t
The exclusive Regal quarter-size system brings the fittings of shoes ; !
down to such minute gradations that no custom bootmaker in {the land \
\ can build a shoe about your foot with more glove-like smoothness. ;
S Regal quarter sizes mark the end of custom bootmaking — fof where !
now does the highest priced custom shoe surpass a Regal ? ;
J Not in style, because Regal styles are designed by^the same master !
8 shoemakers who set the shoe styles for the world. . ]
\ Not in material and wear, as proven by the most stringent tests
J devised— the buzz saw in Regal stores, and the "Window of the Sole."
J And now, no t even in fit. "With this, the final requisite achieved,
s Regals stand supreme. • J
\ Regal Tannery-to-Consumer methods keep the price unchanged, $3^0. ' 5
•• aflfi!Eal83Bilfe^ >
S 75 Handsome Styles for Fall are now ready in each of the 80 Regal Stores. J ,
S Never before has such an exquisite line of footwear been offered by any one
i ,;". dealer^ orr manufacturer. Even if you're only "looking around," we urge *
% your early inspection. 9
V' - ¦¦¦• '¦^¦¦- .- -___, 5
i^J^J-^SHOES"Fd»'.MEN AND WOMEN | ™" 1 jL
o«/o!2?;L«2K».t.. SAN FRANCISCO Cor . SS'S ESS> su. H
Oakland Store, 1O1O Broadway
. ,v .; ADVERTISEMENTS.
DANGERS Avg.oiTN OCTOBER.
DURING the -warm summer months : "'' J T*-'- j i^ 1 '¦ * w -^'li'-'i B^ IBgl5 rP > ftWff i ?fl
the s&in h&s becQ freely throwing off 9
IMPURITIES which heretofore were ' ¦^8Z^SssBaS£»P^S: -
thrown off by tbs skin must find "V ' faofisStiS -v !> •"% BBBJkS : v:: ;:
THE POISONS passing through the 7 "^^^^^fe s
kidneys serve to irritate them, and c" 1 *^' r^^^^ 7
this condition soon develops into &:;-.• - , - \ ''/¦¦;; x^^l
AN ABNORMAL 'CONDITION of P*|j^ ' ,V;f
this depleted condition of the sys- MISS MARGRET HUthTON.
Cm * THE FOLLOWING TESTIMONIAL
AT THIS TIME the kidney,, liver S OQly 4 , ample rf
and bowel, need a little encourage- ' monU]a contained in our file*
n^lT "***— *** *"• MISS MARGRET HUESTON, «27
PE-RU-NA gives just this assistance. UndeQ street>
It gently stimulates there organs to writes:
increased function. Thus Peruna „ , '.¦ -V ; ,
•disease* which developed into a most unpleasant
PEOPLE INCLINED TO WEAK- catarrh, and for over two weeks I could
vece t »u t». i neither enjoy my food nor secure rest"
NESS of these organs ought to fu/sl *[ b / cam9 nerr0U9 and /rr/ .
be especially careful during this table and n othin 3 looked just right to
month. me>
AT THE FIRST SIGN of disease, „ "* ffood neighbor advised me toAry
. ... . .. Peruna and I immediately sent for a
such as puffiness under the eyes. boWg , , am rer/< g[ad indeed tnat ,
sallow skin, backache, colds, and did. I began to feel relief in a week,
so forth, Peruna should be taken. and soon felt better than I had in two
IF YOU NOTICE any of the above ' ea f s - ' do ™* dread ,, a "Id any more
symptoms do not delay-buy a bot- « ' used *°' for . a 8 /T atl T^njity of Pe-
tle of Peruna toKiay. A bottle of runa cure9 me - ~^rgret Hueston.
Peruna taken at the first symptom WE HAVE ON FILE thousands of
will do more good than a dozen grateful letters which Dr. Hartmaa
bottles later on 'when serious ail- has received from people who have
ments have developed. been cured by Peruna.DENVER. Oct. i 5. — Mrs. Arthur
Stringer has. been stricken ' with, ty
phoid fever while. visiting In thiacity,
and her husband • la hurrying to her
from his home in .Canada, having been
notified that his wife's life is in dan
ger. As Johanna Howland, Mrs.
Stringer achieved fame in the theatri
cal worldvand she was the original of
the Gibson Girl pictures.
airs. Arthur Stringer Stricken With
Typhoid Fever While on a
.. Visit to Denver. \;>-
ORIGINAL. GIBSON GIRL ,.; .
WES NEAR TO DEATH
After Paying Operatins Expenses an
Increase Is Shown to Net Earn
ings of the Company.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6. — The report of
the Northern Pacific Railroad Com
pany for the year ended June SO shows
that gross earnings were $46,524,574,
an increase of 1382,469, and operating
expenses $24,234,542. an "Increase of
$202. 449, leaving net earnings of $22,
290,031, an lndrease of $180,019. Af
ter the receipt of interest and divi
dends on securities owned and the
payment of taxes, Interest, dividends
and rental charges, there remained a
surplus for the year of $4,379,321. a
decrease of $291,624 as compared with
1903. After the appropriation of $3.
000,000 for additions and betterments
$1,379,321 was added to the total nef
surplus, making the surplus $11,104,
977 on June 30 last.
NORTHERN PACIFIC ROAD
FHiES AXXUAL" STATEMENT
Howard enjoyed a large Income from
the Southworth estate in Massachu
setts which he Is said to have given
away almost as fast as it was re
ceived.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— John Howard,
a descendant of one of the earliest
American colonists and who claimed to
trace his lineage back to the early Eng
lish kings, is dead from injuries re
ceived in being run down t$i&& truck
on Upper Broadway. v ¦ " f;? 111 ""
Howard studied surgery in his youth
and later took up music. Twenty-five
years ago his attainments in the latter
art made him famous. He was born
sixty years ago in Connecticut, served
In the Civil War and later was gradu
ated from Yale. His knowledge of
anatomy he brought to bear on the
cultivation of the voice and his studies
on the subiect attracted wide notice.
Only the day before his death, he had
completed the manuscript of what he
said would be his last work. The con
cluding pases were in his pocket -vhen
he met with the fatal accident.
John Howard. Famous as a Musician.
Dies From Injuries Received
in New York.
DESCENDANT OF KINGS
RUN DOWN BY A TRUCK
Blum said last night that the Mayor
had neither resumed the investigation
of Drlnkhouse nor given the union an
answer as to what he expected from it
in the matter of proof.
Electrical Workers' Local No. 6 elect
ed the following officers last night:
Executive board. J. M. Feitz, M. S.
Brown. J. Marshall. M. Manlock. F.
Kutley, C. Renivick and A. Cohen;
keeper of records, S. Curtis; president,
unexpired term, J. de Vacmon; fore
man, A. Cohen; business agent, J.
Mardls; delegates to Building Trades
Council, A. Allender, A. Lawrence, J.
de Vacmon, P. Clifford and F. Has
kell; trustee of labor temple, M. Man
lock; finance commit te, J. Allen, W.
Doyle and J. Prior.
The failure of Mayor Schmitz to re
move Police Commissioner Drinkhouse
on the charges filed against him by
the Cigarmakers' Union is condertned
by President N. Blum of the Cigar
makers' Union.
Goldberg Bowen & Co. are reported
to have made application for an Injunc
tion in the Superior Court against the
Stablemen's Union, which organization
had declared a boycott against the
firm on the ground that the wages of
the stablemen and drivers have been
reduced from $2.50 to $2 per day, which
is not the union scale.
One little matter troubled the meet
ing of the Hackmen's Union last night.
They claim that the stablemen who em
ploy drivers on their carriages have
not lived up to their agreement in put
ting 60 per cent of their old drivers to
work. >y s * ; :
"Blue card up or no meat," awaits
the eight butchers who have hesitated
about coming into line with their co
workers who have declared for an
/'open shop," when they arrive at But
chertown this morning for their sup
ply of meat, the three days grace hav
ing expired.
Wholesalers Will Refuse to Serve
Those Who Do Not Join in the
Movement.
NO MEAT FOR BUTCHERS
., WHO IGNORE "OPEN SHOP."
. NEW YORK, _ Oct. ¦ 6.— All grades 'of
refined sugar were , reduced ?10 .'cents a
hundred' pounds ( to-day. '
Cut In Price - of Sugar.
OAKLAND. • Oct. S.-^Appfaisers of
the estate of Alexander, Hay, -.who was
a .member of the. shipbuilding firm of
Hay &.Wright,'haveJfiled;their. report.
They appraise the estate at' $20,64 5 7 0.'
Value of Hay Estate.
New Masonic Temple at Pasadena.
PASADENA, Oct 5. — Acting Grand
Master H. Flint to-day was the
chief actor, in the laying of the cor
ner-stone of the new Masonic Ternnle
on- North , Fairoaks avenue. The-cer
emony^ was very impressive and at
tended ;by ' Masons ' from 'all over the
country. " «.'.-:
CLAIM BOT IS A BURGLAB.-^Oakland
Oct." 5.— John McAtee. 12 year* old. has been
arrested on a charge of entering Mn. c. Tur
ner' « residence; 3«8 Collega avenue, and steal
ing a rifle.- The boy, will b«- Riven into tn«
custody of Ezra Decoto, probation officer.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 5.— One hundred
and fifteen residents and property
owners of the East End have v fUed a
protest with the ;. Board of Health
against, garbage on Bay Farm . Island.
The "'protest 'has been^ referred to the
CltylTrustees. \&9&BKGUBBil$Sj.
Protest Against Garbage.
GOES TO SUPREME COUNCIL.— Oakland
Oct. 5.— ¦William J. Hennessey, cleric of Po
lice -* Court, department ' 1, departed to-day to
attend the Supreme Council. Young Men's In
stitute, which will convene October 10 at Colo
rado Springs. -^~
SEATTLE, Oct. .6. — By .the Identi
fication of William Ohler, a former
brewery employe, as the man found
on the tide flats south of the city to
day, a supposed murder mystery was
cleared away. It is now known that
the man committed suicide on account
of trouble with a woman with whom
he was enamored.
Seattle Mystery Cleared.
Switchman's Back. Broken.
OAKLAND, Oct-5.— Fraiik,Srnith,.a
Southern Pacific switchman at West
Oakland, lost his balance on a moving
locomotive last night and fell, break-
Ing his back. He was .taken to the
Railroad Hospital in San Francisco,
where an ; operation, will be performed!
His" body, Is how-ehcased'completely In
a plaster of paris cast.
OAKLAND, Oct. 5.— Victor H. Met
calf, .Secretary of the Department of
Commerce. and Labor, departed this
morning on the overland limited for
Washington. D. C. Mrs. Metcalf wiil
join her husband in ten days. Sec
retary. Metcalf will not return to Oak
land for some time,*'
Secretary Metcalf Departs.
PASADENA, Oct. 5. — Hon. W. S.
Melick, secretary of the State Board
of Examiners, to-day submitted to an
operation at the Pasadena Hotel. He
is in a very serious condition and his
relatives are in constant attendance,
but hope for his recovery.
W. S. aiELICK SUBMITS
TO SERIOUS OPERATION
.Joseph B: Silva, 24, and Maud Ra
mps, 17, both of • Pleasanton; Frank
D. Regello, '25, and Flora Gonlart, 19,
both of Oakland; George W. Tibbitts,
21, of Sacramento, and Rosie Deitrich,
over 18, of Oakland; Fred C. Porter,
33, of San Francisco and Agnes- B.
Fleming, 25, of Oakland; Warner' F.
HU1, -30, and Mabel L. Chambers, 21,
both of Pasadena; Leo W.' Lewis, 28,
of Elmhurst, and Estella McNeill, 1 20,
o£San Leandro; John H. Kahrs, 24, of
San Francisco, and Jennie M. Olsen,
20. of Oakland; Lawrence O. Cab
banne, 25, of Riverside, and Elsie M.
Sehmidt, 17, of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 5. — Marriage li
censes were issued' to-day to the fol
lowing'persons: • ¦»' '.-.•/./
OAKLAND, . Oct: 5.— George White,
a deputy constable and doorkeeper at
a Broadway dime theater, hammered
Joseph" Costa, a patron of the place,
because Costa expressed his belief that
a professional hypnotist who was giv
ing exhibitions was a "faker. V -White
was arrested and found guilty of bat
tery to-day .in % the Police Court. . .
Resents Patron's Criticism.
Eugene Hallett had charge of the
Scenic Railway."" :¦-.-;>.
BERKELEY, Oct 5.— The students
of the University of California were
in full possession of Idora Park" to
night, when the Boat Club show was
given. The park was crowded with
students and their friends, and. the.
"stunts" given by prominent' members
of the university were well received; "
The evening's programme started off
with "Baby" Deutsch in his own spe
cialties. H. W. Schreiber gave a clever
illustration of expert club swinging.
Walter de Leon and Edwin Rust fol
lowed in amusing skits. Miss Haber
gave a monologue.
Part II of the programme was in
tioduced by Alex Pape, champion
amateur oarsman of the Pacific Coast,
who gave a clever exhibition of scien
tific rope jumping. Following this
Emil Kruschke offered a good mono
logue. A number of college boys kept
the crowd In a happy frame of mind,
the closing number comprising excel
lently rendered selections by the Glee
Club.
Boat Club Entertainment Ptofcs to Be
Success With Bis: Crowd
In Attendance.'
STUDENTS MAKE MERRY
AT IDORA PARK SHOW
OAKLAND, Oct. 5.— Henry Morse
Stephens, professor of history at 'he
University of California, will give a
course of twelve lectures on the
French Revolution, beginning a pre
liminary lecture to-morrow afternoon
at the Common School assembly hall.
Ihe course will open October 19 and
lectures will be given at interval* cf
two weeks.
Professor Stephens Ijectures.
Rev. James Murray of Nooksack
City, moderator; E. T. Seacrest of Se
attle, temporary clerk, and Rev. Wil
liam Kirk Hope of Brighton, report
ing clerk. A resolution was adopted
in favor of uniting with the Cumber
land Presbyterian church.
SEATTLE, Oct. 5. — A special to the
Post-Intelligencer from Wenatchee
says:
The presbytery of Puget Sound
closed a two days' session here to
night. The first session of the pres
bytery elected the following officers
for the ensuing year:
Presbytery of Puget Sound Elects Of
ficers at Wenatchee Meeting.
CLOSES TWO DAYS' SESSION.
1 OAKLAND, Oct. 6. — William Sprin
ger is "not 'to collect any part of the
$25,000 'damages he asked from the
Southern Pacific Company for injuries
sustained by his little boy. After be
ing out ten minutes the jury in Judge
Ogden's court decided this afternoon
in favor of the corporation and ren
dered a verdict accordingly.
; '.The trial has pecupied the time of
Judge and jury for seven days. Sprin
ger charged the. railroad with respon
sibility for a collision at First and
Grove streets-two years ago, when his
¦wagon was struck, by an engine and
his little boy seriously injured. The
corporation alleged contributory neg
ligence. —
William Springer's Suit Against South
•crn Pacific Company Won by
Defendant.
JURY REFUSES TO
s- AWARD DAMAGES
ALAMEDA, Oct. 6.^ — Superintendent
G. A. Wiese of the municipal electric
light and power plant, whose resig
nation has been demanded by the City
Trustees, says that he Is not worrying
over the situation and that he has
been offered several other positions as
lucrative as the one he now fills,
should he retire from- the employ of
the city. '
Wiese Docs Not Complain.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 5.— The
Northern Pacific Railroad has an
nounced a - rate on apples to apply
from points in Eastern Washington
and Idaho, including: the "Washington
and Columbia. River branches as far
east as Staples, Minn. The new rate
will be 60 cents per hundred with a
30,000 pound minimum, against a pre
vious rate of 75 cents with a 24,000
pound minimum, and will be effective
October 8. .
The change is made in order that
the second grade apples qan be sent
from Washington and Idaho points to
the Eastern market.
Northern Pacific Railroad Makes a
• Xew Rate of 60 Cents Per
1 Hundred.*
I'rofewor Henry Morse Stephens will deliver
the first of a series of lectures before the
newly established Untversity»©f California ex
tension center in Oakland to-morrow evening
The Berkeley Quartet has returned • from a
moEt successful trij> to Antioch.'.^wliere It ren
dered a concert Monday evening/
A reward of ?5 has been offered to any one
who will climb the 75-foot flappole at the uni
versity to repair a broken pulley «o a flag can
be flung to the breeze. No one . has as yet
come forward to offer hln services.
There will be a students' rally" held to-mor
row at 6tilM Hall, at which the- following
eentlemen will address the meeting: Hon. Jo
seph It. Knowland, Republican nominee ror
Con£re!<s: Hon. O. R. Lukena. Republican
nominee for the State Senate, and Hon. Wil
liam Waste, Republican nominee for Assem
i)lyman. The- rally will be held . under the
auspice* of the University of California Re
publican Club.
Major P. A. MacMahon, D.-Bc.T. n. S., de
livered a. lecture ywterday. his subject being
"The Be»r)ng; of Diophantine Inequalities on
the TheorV of. .Algebraic Forms."
BERKELEY. Oct. 5. — The new sleeping
{tuarters for the football squad, located in the
rear of the gymnssiuro on Union etreett are
nearly ready for occupancy and the followers
of the plgfikin will probably be ingtatled the
latter yart of the week. The training table
started Monday and is located at the Bras
field Inn.; ,i- . -.1 '
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
WASHINGTON CAN NOW SHIP
SECOND GRADE APPLES EAST
BERKELEY, Oct. 5. — A herd of
angry cattle being driven . from
Butchertown, -maddened and beyond
control, stampeded through the
streets of South Berkeley to-day. Men,
women and children scattered right
and left, fleeing for their lives. . -
At the corner of Ashby avenue and
Harper street the animals tore down
fences and tramped down lawns."
A little girl who was playing . on
the ' sidewalk . had a narrow . es
cape from being trampled to death.
In her fright she tripped and fell
when the cattle were almost upon
her. Luckily the animals turned
aside and the little one escaped 1 un
harmed.
Mad Herd Rushes Blindly Over
Pavement and Lawns and Nearly
Crushes Lktle Child.
FINDS NEW SOURCES OF
OBNOXIOUS SMELLS
I)amagc Suit Over Crematory's Opera
tions Develops Fresh Theories
. - About Odors Vinrl Dislikes.
OAKLAND, Oct. 5. — Secretary Stearns
pf the Board of Trade swore In court
to-day that he visited the cre'matory
In West Oakland soon after* it started,
ivith prominent merchants of the city.
Bind also visited the home of Leonard!
Vinci, who is now suing-' for -heavy
damages, alleging that' his. family's
health and comfort ls"seriously endan
gered by smells from the«:remator}v
Mr. Stearri? declared that he found
piles of refuse matter, in Vinci's, yard,
odorous and offensive. ' The defense in
the damage suit will utilize this testi
mony in an attempt to prove that the
rmell* Vinci complains of may come
from the garbage, piles in his own
yard. " " * • - .
Must Return Fees.
OAKLAND, ,O"ct. . 5. — County Treas
urer Fpidler no longer has hope of
retaining $3361 99. collected lay him
Us commissions on collateral inherit
ance taxes, for which Bum the county
has sued him. • Decision has just been
rendered by the State Supreme Court,
lii a precisely similar case in San
I>iego County, where the county was
declared to be entitled to such fees.
BERKELEY, Oct. 5.— Anxious that
pressure upon Berkeley's overcrowded
schools be relieved, Superintendent
Waterman last night made a plea to
the Board of Education for the issu
ance of school bonds, the proceeds of
•which would serve to erect the sorely
needed buildings.
The project for issuing bonds for va
rious municipal Improvements was
abandoned, for a time at least, by the
Town Trustees, at their meeting. last
Monday night, but the Board of Edu
cation, is receiving earnest appeals; of
which Superintendent Waterman's
plea is a - specimen, • not to drop ' the
plan to issue school bonds. 'It is
urged that though other municipal
improvements perhaps -can wait, there
is absolute need of added school"facili
ties. • • . ¦' *, • ; -c'
Condition of Berkeley Schools Pro
vides Plea for Much Needed
' ' Bond Issue..
CATTLE STAMPEDE THROUGH
STREETS I OF BERKELEY
PUPILS WORK UNDER
TRYING DIFFICULTIES
#LOS ANGELES, Oct. 5.— A decision
of vital importance to large owners of
sheep In this part of the country was
rendered in the United States Circuit
Court to-day, when Judge Welborn
made perpetual the temporary injunc
tion restraining the sheep men from
driving their flocks through the forest
reserves. The decision was rendered
in cases in which Marvin Simpson,
George Shlpp, Frank Estelle, John
Shlpp and Anderson Blasingame, all
of Fresno, were defendants. They are
the largest owners of sheep in that
part of the State and they united in
the effort to . prevent - an adverse de
cision.
United States Circuit Court at Los
Angeles Hands Down Decision
in Celebrated Case.
SHEEP MEN MUST KEEP
OFF SIERRA . RESERVATION
OAKLAND, Oct. 5. — A letter was
Bent to-day to Frederick Graves, hus
band of the woman who tried to com
mit suicide at her home on Thirteenth
street last Monday, Informing him
that his wife' lies at the Receiving
Hospital, and will soon have tp be re
moved. She has nearly recovered
from the effects of gas fumes she in
tialed.
Mr. Graves, who Ip a ticket collector
for the Southern Pacific Company in
Can Francisco, has paid no attention
to his wife's condition. He sued her
for divorce two weeks ago, alleging in
fidelity, Mrs. Graves having been
named as co-respondent in Mrs. W. H.
Bmith's divorce suit a month ago.
lietter Sent to Frederick Graves. Re
minding: Him Tliat Wife Is
in tli- Ho-phal.
HUSBAND IUNO11ES
HIS ERRING SPOUSE
OAKLAND, Oct. 5.— A double-bar
reled suit was filed with the County
Clerk to-day, when >¦ Tony -Lu be lsky .of
the Novelty Theater petitioned -the
court to award him I rent, . alleged to
be due from Shaw. & Shaw, who oc
cupy part of the premises adjoining
the. Novelty, and also asked that the
Shaws'. lease be ' declared forfeited.
The Shaws petitioned the court for an
injunction restraining Lubelsky from
tearing down the stairway to their
offices. The trouble is due to Lubel
sky's desire to expand. He secured
the lease to the Shaw offices recently,
charged them J150 a month rent,
whereas the Shaws say they were only
paying $40 before, and when payment
was refused Lubelsky demanded pos
session of the premises.
Manager Tony LubeLsky's Ambition to
Expand Firmly Resisted by
His Neighbors.
TENANTS HAVE TROUBLE
WITH THEATRICAL MAN
OAKLAND, Oct. 5.— Mrs. Caroline
Rickey Olney, secretary of the Ca
mino Real Association of California, de
livered an address this afternoon be
fore the convention of Patrons of
Husbandry on the subject of ¦ good
roads in this State. Mrs. Olney ex
plained at some length the purposes
of the CamJno Real Association, which
aims to construct a great highway
over the route of travel ' during the
mission days.
The State Grange this morning
jheard- addresses- on the 'Rochdale co
operative's feyfeteriV^jy S Prbf essor' D. T.
Fowler of Oakland, John Tuohy of
Tulare, John H. Dore of Fresno,
George W. Worthing of San Jose,
Judge Hubbard of San Jose and J.
H. Martin. of Petaluma. Amendments
to a_ bill providing for a free market
for farm produce in San Francisco,
presented by Thomas Johnson of Glen
Ellen, were given discussion.
Memorial services tor the late
Charles W. Emery, past master, were
held this evening. Professor Fowler
gave an address on the 'work of. farm
ers' institutes.
3Irs. Caroline Rickey Olney, Secretary
of the State Association, Talks
to Patrons of Husbandry.
After the naming of a purity of elec
tion committee the convention ad
journed. The committee is composed
of the following: William Hammond
Jr., John F. Hanson, Leland S. Shan
non. Joseph Morizio and John Lar
kin.
I appreciate the honor and if elected will
Kive my constituents a fair and fearless rep
resentation. 1 am a Republican because I be
lieve It is the party of construction and not
erf obstruction. I will carry out its policy
as far as it Jios within my power. .
I felt it my -'duty: to come here, notwith
standing- a severe cold, to assist my friend
and comrade. One cf our favorite*. "Joe"'
KcwlB.id, han been advanced, as Wa merits
deserved. Wehave npw a candidate to suc
ceed him, one who' posse«ce» that same even
u-mper and an ambition to do right. He will
stand for the ifood and against, evil. We need
such men in public life nowadays.
Captain Simpson is a lawyer. During: his
ten years of practice he has demonstrated
that he Is capable and honest, lie served his
country as a eoldler and commanded a post
outside of California. I predict, that Captain
Himpson's candidacy will add strength to the
I£pj.ublican campaljrn in Alameda County.
Captain Simpson, in thanking the
convention for the nomination, said:
C. L. Tilden placed Captain. -Simpl?
son's name before the convention and
In doing eo said in part:
J. B. Lanktree 'called the convention
to order in Linderman Hall. After the
reading of proclamation and list of
delegates by John F, Hanson, the fol
lowing were chosen as. temporary offi
cers and later made permanent: Philip
S. Teller, chairman; Leland S. Shan
non, secretary; W..H. Noy, F. A. Bord
well and Peter Christensen, committee
on credentials, and C" L. Tilden, A. V.
Fisht r and C. .Leydecker, committee on
permanent organization. . . »
ALAMEDA, Oct. 5.— Captain M» W.
Simpson, City Attorney, -was to-night
nominated by the Republican delegates
of the Fourteenth State Senatorial Dis
trict as a candidate to fill out the un
expired t«rm.o'f the Hon. Joseph, R.
Knowland, resigned. .
TELLS ABOUT THE WORK
OF EL CAMIXO REAL
Popular Candidate to
Succeed 1 "Joe"
Knowland. •
A wharf site has been bought by
the corporation at First and Brush
streets, Oakland, and on this will be
erected a big cold storage plant. The
company, will enter into active com
petition with the big slaughtering
companies around the bay and will
be the biggest plant of the kind on the
coast. O. McHenry is now in the East
studying the methods of the big East
ern packing-houses. It is expected
that the Santa Fe will probably build
a spur from its main line three and
a half miles away to the ranch and
into Modesto, "five miles farther on.
MODESTO. Oct. 5. — Articles of in
corporation of the O. McHenry Com
pany have been filed here, the com
pany being capitalized at $1,000,000.
O. McHenry of this place is the prin
cipal stockholder, all of the stock
having been subscribed. The McHen
ry ranch of 4000 acres here, the most
highly' improved ranch in the State, is
taken by the corporation and upon it
will be constructed in addition to the
big packing and slaughtering plant,
which is now there, a $500,000 abat
toir*.
$1,000,000 Company Incorporates in
Modesto-— Buys Wharf and Will
Erect Cold Storage Plant.
TO COMPETE WITH LOCAL
PACKING ESTABLISHMENTS
NILE REVELERS.
By Zoc Green Radcliffe.
OAKLAND, Oct. ! 5. — Although there are
three line men's clubs in town there hatf hith
erto been very, little doing socially in any
of them.' But at last - the Nile Club has
yawned and stretched in Its cozy little quar
ters, and the merry- kick It gave last night
would seem to Indicate a lively awakening.
The club started out in the right way a lew
weeks ago by -gathering its orchestral talent
together, under the . direction and leadership
of W. J. McCoy. The newly fledged orchestra
made its initial api>earance at the "revels'
last night, and its pronounced success speaks
well, not only {or the musicians themselves
but for their painstaking leader. Ever since
the Bohemian Club furnished an avenue to
lame for the splendid genluo of Mr. McCoy we
are all very proud to claim him for Oakland,
and the Nile Club is anxious to create another
opportunity for the talent that has too long
lam dormant, t-'o before another year we may
read of a Nile Club revels that will rival the
most artistic Bohemian :"Jinks.' . -
Members of the Nile Club are just waking
up to the fact that they have talent, and
plenty of it, right in their own ranks. Judge
Melvln, Charlie Heeseman, Pete Sloan and
Dave Mclaughlin are old stand-bys of . the
club, always to be depended on for a good,
story or clever stunt, .Then there is John A.
Britton and' Dr. Maher, who are noted for
bright and witty papers; Dick Ayres, who has
a talent for verse tliat he I frequently -turns
to. good account; George Walker and Kendall
Fellows, . a whole show- in - themselves, are
members of the club, anil so are D. W. .Tames
and Thomas Kickard. ; This is only a. passing
glance at: the club's array of talent,, but It
promises much for the '. "revels" that are even
now being planned — which does not, however,
mean the revels that will take place on the
J22d of October.
But to return to our mutton — the revels of
last night. Georg* Walker was dictator, and
besides several very fine selections by the or
chettra, which was "on tap," &s it were, all
during the evening, there was an Informal pro
gramme. One of the funniest things was the
letter purporting to come from Clarence Cro
well, the newest Benedict in the club, now
away on his honeymoon trip. It was read by
George Jackson and ' rumor hath it that Judge
Melvln knows the real writer thereof.
George Macdougal told some good stories in
Scotch dialect, and Dave McLaughlln was
called upon for stories, George Walker. Ken
dall Fellows and Ben Southard were also
among the funmakers.
The orchestra, which added greatly to the
success of the revels, is made up as follows:
Viollna— H. Seekamp, Dr. Frank Hus. Dr. J.
M. Stadler:" viola. Eugene Colby; cello, Harry
Danforth; bass-. Df. Charles A. Dukes; cbr
nets-^E. F. Webb, E. B. Jordan; trombone,- J.
Laughland: clarinet, N. E. Braun; oboe, F. M.
Seymour; flute. Dr. H. M. Fine; drums — Li. W. 1
Barrett; director, W. J. McCoy.
The Fore-Hewlett wedding is to be a church
affair,' and several hundred Invitations havo
been sent out. St. Paul's, which has been fa
vored. of so many lovely brides, will also be
the scene of this marriage, and no lovelier
maid has ever approached th<5 nuptial altar
there than beautiful lone Fore. Her eister
Pauline will be maid of honor and six pretty
bridesmaids will be in attendance — Miss Nata
lia. For*". Miss CrlBBie Taft, Miss Gertrude Al
len, Miss EthM Valentine, Miss Grace Baldwin
and Miss E-Jlth Gasklll. -
The' wedding tak?s place- on' the 20th, and in
the meantime a number of charming affairs are
being, .plannod In honor . of the young bride
elect, notably a "doyly shower" that Miss
Mamie Edith Pope'is giving on. Friday after
noon, r
Professor M. Saunders addressed the. Oakland
Club.to.-day. on "Education." . *MI»s. Eleanor
Davenport gave a description ' of "A ¦ Journey
Through the Orient!' ; alias Elizabeth Simpson,
a recent acquisition to musical circle* of'Oak
land, was. heard In several piano selections. . '
; The club "breakfast." which l» always quite
a smart affair, will be given October 19, the
presiding hostesses to be Mrs. W. S. Palmer
and Mrs. W. A. Schrock.
Mrs. Will Culligan. better known perhaps as
Jeannette Duncan, la exhibiting at Rabjohn's
a painting that Is attracting considerable at
tention. It is an original study,- entitled "The
Captives," and the cruel looking Turk and his
two shrinking girl prisoners In -the foreground
tell their own story. The desert stretching far
away In the distance speaks of the utter isola
tion and hopelessness. The figures stand out
vividly., the coloring . is brilliant and the at
mospheric effects good. «p that altogether Mrs.
Culligan has done »me excellent 1 work. Mrs.
Culligan is a former pupil of the College of
Notre Dame in San • Francisco. J which has
turned out many ¦ women now known in the
world of art and letters.
Th* projrramme for the entertainment ¦ given
by St. Paul's Chancel' Chapter, to be. held at
Et*ll Hall, Saturday. October 8, from 2 to 6.
will b<v as follows: Violin eoIo. Miss Winifred
June Morgan; sketch and dialect poem. Miss
Kmmabelle H. ZucKer; vocal solo. Lowell Red
field; piano solo, Mrs. J. Maxwell Taft; vocal
duet. Meters. Lowell Redfleld and Ernest Mc-
Candlish.
"I did not swear," he said, "that
jny wife was concerned in any plot
that might have resulted in the assas
sination of the President, nor did I
swear that one Holmes, an alleeed an
archist, was one of her guests. I say
this in justice to her.".
Hoag left a wife and the pastorate pf
a church to go with Mrs.
Benedict. He has since returned to
Oakland, but not with the woman.
They separated a few weeks after leav
ing Oakland. Hoag's ohurch is disor
ganized and the church property is to
be sold. His wife permitted him to re
turn to her. He is now practicing law
in this city.
Mr. Benedict to-night expressed the
hope that whoever was responsible for
revealing the testimony given by him
before the Court Commissioner would
be called to account.
Mr. Benedict, now a commercial
eeent in receipt of a large salary and
provided with plenty of the world's
goods, was for four years of his life a
Pinkerton detective.
Notably Mr. Benedict accuses his wife
cf entertaining one Holmes, an An
archist agitator, while President Roose
velt was in the city a year ago. Other
persons of similar tendencies are sup
posed to have found in the Benedict
home at that time a comfortable ren
dezvous.
Instead, however, of accusing Mrs.
Benedict of association with Rev. Mr.
Hoag. the husband in his testimony
taken by the court commissioner
charges as cause for divorce that she
has made his home on Thirty-fourth
street a rendezvous for Anarchists and
Socialists during his absence from the
city. She is accused of harboring char
acters whose principles and practices
would make thtm subjects for Govern
ment eeoret service surveillance.
OAKLAND. Oct. 5.— Sensational
charges are made by Nelson W. Bene
dict against his wife, Hinda Clevenger
Benedict, from whom he seeks divorce,
in testimony filed with Judge Ellsworth
to-day by the Court Commissioner.
Mrs. Benedict left this city several
months ago simultaneously with Rev.
C. W. Hoag, pastor of the Plymouth
avenue Congregational Church, and
Benedict followed the couple through
the Southwest, finding trace* of their
movements at Dallas, Tex., and other
cities.
FRESNO, Oct. 5.— The residents of
this city were amazed and many of
them terrified by the strange electrical
display in the heavens here to-night-
From a pleasant afternoon it took
but twenty minutes at about 6 o'clock
to drape the sky with-' heavy rain
clouds and change the fading 1 sunshine
into the blackness of night.
Distant rumbles and flashes of light
ning preceded a downpour of rain such
as was never seen in this country. Old
timers say they never saw anything
like it. The cloudburst lasted for
nearly an hour, during which time in
termittent flashes of lightning made in
tervals bright as day.
The thunderbolts continued volleying
till late this evening. The streets are
running with water, the precipitation
of the hour's downpour being more
than a quarter of an inch. It was most
ly a local storm and tne raisin grow
ers were given warning by Weather
Observer Bolton.' Little damage was
dene to the crops.
Special Dispatch to The Call
A formal application for reappoint
ment has already been made by Colo
nel Waite. -
The cadets and students at the .Uni
versity of California have been cir
culating a petition to-day and can
vassing the student body for the reten
tion of Colonel de H. "Waite as professor
of military tactics at the univer
sity. The petition is addressed to Pres
ident Wheeler and is receiving a gen
eral support. The sanction of the au
thorities of the university ' and a re
quest from the candidate himself will
have to be sent to President Roosevelt.
For the purpose of securing the sup
port of the university authorities the
petition is being circulated.
The petition is as follows:
We, ' the ¦ undersigned, respectfully request
that you recommend that Colonel de H. Walte
be rcappomted as professor pf military science
and tactics at the University of California.
We request this on account of the excellent
manner in which Colonel Walte has conducted
affairs of the military department during th^
pairt four years.
Berkeley Office San Francisco; Call
¦ 2148 Center Street. Oct. 5.
Chapin decided that he could not use
the College avenue franchise, so he pe
titioned the Council for the return, of
his money after he had transferred the
Fourth avenue franchise. Councilman
John-L.. Howard, chairman of the Fin
ance Committee, objected. He declared
that he could not understand why
Chapin should go before the City. Coun
cil and claim that the franchises were
illegal after he had sold one of them
to the Transit^ corporation. The petition
was rejected.
In his complaint Chapin sets up the
: same plea tjiat he did before the City
Council, , namely, that the proceedings
under which the franchises were grant
ed were irregular. Chapin alleges that
the call for bids failed to declare that
the successful bidder should agree to
pay five years after the railroad began
operations an annual per centum of
gross receipts. . This alleged omission
from the preliminary notice, Chapin
avers, invalidates the franchise.
F. E. Chapin brought suit to-day in
the Superior Court to recover $8500
from the city of Oakland, money paid
for street railroad franchises bought by
J. H. Macdonald last March, but since
assigned to Chapin, who Is a street rail
way promoter of San Jose.
Macdonald appeared unexpectedly be
fore the City Council as a bidder
against the Oakland Transit Consoli
dated for the franchises, which includ
ed rights on College avenue and on sev
eral streets forming the Fourth ave
nue cut-off in East Oakland. There was
a spirited contest, the franchises finally
being awarded to Macdonald. Subse
quently the assignment was made.
Chapin scld the Fourth avenue fran
chise to the Transit people. They com
pleted the road and are operating it to-
day. The City Council has ratified that
assignment.
Oakland Office San Francisco" Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 5.
School construction is generally fireproof.
Protection from lire Is being given Important
consideration in new buildings. Chicago showb
the effect of recent legislation resulting from
the Iroquois flre tragedy. In many schools
basements have been converted to the use of
sloyd and manual training claeses. These
branches are occupying much attention.
During my trip I gathered a great deal of
Information touching details of construction,
which I hope will be found of service when
our board shall begin the adoption of build
ing plans for' our new schools. The board
desires to get the best that can be procured,
for we all appreciate the necessity of modern
buildings and equipment.
I have procured plans and specifications of
buildings In several cities. These will indi
cate the best work that Is being done In the
East. Special effort 1b being made to perfect
structure* in the matter of lighting, heating,
ventilation and of course sanitary arrange
ments.
J. W. McClymonds, City Superin
tendent of Schools, returned to-day
after a month's trip on a tour of in
spection of public school buildings in
the large Eastern cities/ The visit was
projected that Superintendent McCly
monds might inform himself upon the
latest methods of construction, as the
Oakland School Department will soon
begin the erection of eight new build
ings in this city.
Superintendent McClymonds - visited
Kansas City, St. Louis, Chicago, Pitts
burg, New York, Boston, Cleveland,
Buffalo, Detroit, Omaha and Denver.
Concerning his tour the Superintendent
said:
Oakland Office San ..Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 6.
Woman Who Left Oakland
With Rev. C. W. Hoag Is
Subject of Court Report
Brings Plans of New Work
as Guides in the Selec
tion for .Local . Buildings
Questions Legality After
Selling a Part of Right
to the Oakland Transit
Thunder Volleys for Hours
and Old Timers Declare
They Never Saw the Like
ROOSEVELT TO AFFIRM
Sanction of Authorities and
Request of the Candidate
Is Necessary to Confirm
CROPS ESCAPE INJURY
INSPECTS STRUCTURES
ATTACKS THE VALIDITY
ELOPES WITH MINISTER
X. W. Benedict Says Wife En
' tertained Anarchists While
He Was Out of the City
Superintendent McClymonds
Returns From an Extended
Tour * of Eastern Cities
Student Body -Circulates
Petition to Seappoint the
• Popular Military Man
Electrical Display Terrifies
Residents and Cloudburst
Deluges City With Water
Sues the City of Oakland
to Recover Money . Paid
for Railroad Franchises
HUSBAND MAKES
QUEER CHARGE
FULL OF IDEAS
ABOUT SCHOOLS
WISH COLONEL
WAITE RETAINED
CHAPIN WANTS
HIS COIN BACK
TERRIFIC STORM
VISITS FRESNO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
M. W. Simpson
For Senator
PROMINENT REPUBLICAN NOMI
NATED TO SUCCEED JOSEPH R.
KNOWLAND IN STATE SENATE.
4
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE- CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
i? OAKLAND.
'£. 1010 Broadway.
1 Telephone Main 1083.
V \ BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
ADVERTISEMENTS. V
; ; If you will only try one bottle of
the 'Bitters- it will surely convince you
of , ; its -value ; in cases of -Heartburn;
Bloating, ; Sick ' Headache, Nervous-
ness/ General Debility/ Dyspepsia and
Indigestion^ / * ,
It has ;• cured .thousands "of.*: such
cases duringitheVast-i5O years.'Try "it;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A BECOMMEirDATlOJf
Of our work will be given by any one of
the many we have successfully treated.
All are well pleased because all are well
served.
OTJK TilETil OH VZJLTZS
Are the highest achievement of that
branch of *33KS3BmUUtBKBBm^
DENTISTRY
They look well and wear well. Perform
all the functions of the natural teeth
with comfort to the wearer.
Full Set on Rubber. $3.00.
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 tatX|Ob st.. 8Axr nuurazBco.
973 Wasalnflrtoa BU Oakland.
AD YERTISEMENTS.
/u'{ -^c^rir NATURAL
j My 3£v& laxative
IW3$$J4 MY NAME IS NOT
j£^£t*^J* HUNYADI ONLY,
l3S HUNYAD1JAN0S,
(fe^X^N^ THC ORIGINAL,
ZA^lL *¦"¦ ONLYGCNUINC
lfl.fL*'*-^ AND RELIABLE
. VIM trr^\ HUNGARIAN
\ Is Always Reliable for
CONSTIPATION. , Saving souls .. by sentiment* is like
feeding rt-n on a flavor.
SEATTLE, Oct. 5.— Word was re
ceived here -to-day at the office' of the
Northern Steamship; Company', that
the big; liner. Minnesota left Norfolk,
Va., at .1:30 Saturday afternoon en
route for this port. She is heavily
laden with 'wool and 'is 'expected to
make no stops at way; ports: .She
should reach Seattle about November
22. The 'Minnesota has -the' largest
carrying, capacity of ; any. vessel afloat,
Goes to; Seattle Direct.
Allanton Case to Be Heard.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 5. — The
case of the British steamer Allanton,
seized by the Vladivostok squadron,
will come up before the Admiralty
Court October 14.
Maneuvers in the Black Sea.
SEBASTOPOL, Oct. 5. — Combined
land and sea maneuvers have begun
In the Black Sea. The problem is for
the fleet to attempt a landing, which
the troops must try to prevent.
Sporting Match Is Completed.
NEW TORK. Oct. 6. — Everything Is
in readiness for the match race be
tween Thomas H. Williams and Syd
ney Paget, which will take place at
Morris Park on Saturday next, as was
announced In the Morning Telegraph
of Tuesday. The match as originally
made was for $2000 a side, owners to
ride and distance three furlongs. On
Tuesday a forfeit of $1000 was posted
and to-day this was enlarged by the
proposal and the acceptance of the
same that the ownership of the horses
should abide by the result.
If Mr. Williams wins he will, in
addition to $2000, become the owner
of the two-year-old Ralbert, while if
Mr. Paget wins, the four-year-old
Henry F. Perley, by Himyar, out of
Ida Pickwick, will be his, as well as
the stake Involved.
CHARGED WITH BURGLARY. — James
Kccl«-» was arrested yesterday morning: by Dc
fcV.ve Armstrong and Policeman Skaln and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
burglary. Ho Is accuse of tweaking inte a
llvt-ry stable owned by Philip KinzM at Maple
snd Washington streets on Sunday night and
Mealing buggy robes, blankr-ts and spurs,
wh'rh he sold. The property has been recov
er*Nl.
CHARGED WITH ASSSAUL.T TO MUR
DER. — Paul Sassoe, a bran finisher, Hvlnjr at
531 Union street, was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on a charge of assault to
murder. On Sunday night In a fit of Jealousy
he ehot Miss Elvira Groce at 417 Montgomery
avenue and turned the -weapon on himself, in
flicting a slight wound on the right temple.
The woman Is recovering at the City and
County Hospital.
TOKIO, Oct 5. — The Emperor to
day decorated Colonel Hoad, the Aus
trian military attache, with the Order
of the Rising Sun. Colonel Hoad is
the first attache to be so honored.
Mikado Honors an Austrian.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 5. — Gener
al Kuropatkin, In a dispatch to the
Emperor, vigorously denies the
charges made by the Chinese Govern
ment that the sanctity of the Im
perial tombs and graves near Mukden
had been violated by the Russian
troops.
Kuropatkln Respected Tombs.
EMDEN, Germany, Oct. 5. — It Is ru
mored here that three colliers, the
Ceres, Orion and Johannesberger,
which cleared for Santiago a few days
ago, actually sailed for Slagen, Island
of Jutland, Denmark, under the charge
of a Russian officer, who was taken
on board at Emden.
Departing: Colliers Cause Rumors.
SINGAPORE, Strait* Settlement, Oct. 5
The American missionary ship Morning; Star
has arrived here. '- *-
It takes more than a bulldog to make
an orchard.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 6. — The case
of William R. Hearst against the coal
carrying railroads, -which was assigned
for a hearing by the Interstate Com
merce Commission in Chicago on the
11th instant, has been transferred to
New York, where the hearing will
take place on October 24.
Coal Roads Case Transferred.
Wltr. the aid of a microscope any one can see
what at pears to be silt edge on the best steel,
but a blind man can discover a "silt edge" on
the beet whiskey — "Old Gilt Edge." • •
RUSH IT. Gabriel Printing Co., "Print Any
thing." 419 Sacramento st. Never disappoint.*
LONDON, Oct. 6. — The Daily Tele
graph's correspondent In traveling
between Sinmintin and Kinchau in
terviewed Chinese bandits, . who af
firm that there are ten thousand
brigands engaged actively at the seat
of war. The bandit chiefs added that
these brigands are co-operating heart
ily with the Japanese and that they
are excellent, hardy fighters, well
armed with modern weapons. The
chief, Chinsosan, Is a favorite at court.
Chinese Bandits Aiding the Japanese.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 5.— The elec
tors voted to-day by more than the
requisite two-thirds majority to Incur
a municipal bonded indebtedness of
$165,000 for improvement work on the
levees and for drainage works related
thereto.
Sacramento to Issue Bonds.
Government to Send Food V> Keep
Them From Starving
to Death. • ¦ - *
•WASHINGTON, Oct. 5. — For the
third consecutive winter extreme des
titution prevails among the Alaska In
dians and Government help is abso
lutely necessary to prevent them from
starvation and extermination. By di
rection of President Roosevelt, the
commanding officer of Fort Llscum
has been ordered to ship 10,000 ra
tions for the relief of the destitute
red men.
DESTITUTION A31ONG
INDIANS OP ALASKA
Our Eastern selection of frames and
moldings for fall trade now in. better
and more beautiful than ever before.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market at. T~n*
Picture Frames.
On tho excursion to WlUlts next Sunday
you will cross tht Russian River divide, be
tween Uklah and Wllllto, and view a vast
expar.93 of country, of valley*, forests and
mountains. *
A Picturesque Trip.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 5. — A spe
cial dispatch from Mukden under
date of October 4, says: A regular
recruiting service has been formed
by the Japanese army, enlisting what
Is known as the Chinese, volunteer
militia. The Japanese are assis'ted in
this work by Lin Ze, a Prince of the
Chinese imperial household. The men
are paid by the Japanese, but not
armed by them with the Japanese
modern rifles.
the Japanese.
Volunteer Militia Said to Be Joining
CHINESE ENLISTING.
The spectacular drama "She" will
be produced at the Central Theater
next week, when Eugenie Thais Law
ton, a California girl, who has won
much praise for her clever work on the
stage, will appear for the last time in
this city prior to her departure for the
East on a starring tour under the man
agement of Belasco & Mayer.
It is just two years since Miss Law
ton made her professional debut at the
Central and her rise In the profession
is -considered remarkable. The produc
tion of "She" is promised as the most
elaborate bill ever seen at the Cen
tral. . •
Popular Actress to ADDear
in ' Sh3" Before Leav
ing Central.
MINNEAPOLIS. Oct. 5. — Fifty cars
of heavy steel plate, said to be intend
ed for the Japanese Government, are
now being transshipped from here.
They are from the Carnegie Company,
at Pittsburg, and are consigned to the
company's agent in Japan. The plates
vary In thickness from half an inch
to an inch and a quarter, and are of
the kind ordinarily used in the con
struction of cruisers and torpedo
boats. It is believed that they are in
tended for torpedo-boat construc
tion.
Big^ Shipment From the Carnegie
Company at Plttsburg.
STEEL T*LATE FOR JAPAN.
I POPULAR ACTRESS WHO IS CLOS
ING-A SUCCESSFUL. ENGAGE
MENT AT CENTRAL. .THEATER.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— E. H. Harrl
man and Jacob H. Schiff appeared as
witnesses before a referee to-day in
the suit of J. J. O'Leary of Chicago
against a New York broker for 155,
000 losses in dealings in Northern Pa
cific in May, 1901. ; • ; :
Harrlman said he could not remem
ber how much Northern Pacific stock
he had about May 9, 1901, and re
fused to reply to questions as to
whether or not he was concerned in
any way in trying to gain control of
the Northern Pacific road. -
• Harriman said that he and those as
sociated with him. so far as he knew,
had had no dealings in Northern Pa
cific stock on the three or four days
preceding May 9.
Declines to Reply to Query as to His
Seeking Control of the Northern
Pacific.
ET. PETERSBURG, Oct. 5. — The
Fresch Embassy here has received in
formation that two Chinese have been
arrested at Chefu -while trying to ex
change J2000 in French and German
notes, believed to have been stolen
Chinese Arrested Accused of Stealing
From 3II<slns; Officers.
MAT CLEAR MYSTERY.
HARRIMAX REFUSES
TO ANSAVER IN COURT
To-day. At 9 a. m. the doors will open
at the Vacate Shoe Sale, which, as has
been mentioned, will sell 3000 pairs of
ladies' felt fur-top Juliets that are
worth $1.50 for 45c a pair. In red, black,
green and blue, all sizes, as long as they
last, at the Vacate Shoe Sale. 717 Mar
ket, near Third. J. Morris. Disposer. •
45c Sale Starts
POSSIET BAY, Russian Manchuria,
Oct. 4 (delayed in transmission). —
The Jaoanese Minister at Seoul has
demanded that every town in Korea
furnish a contingent of forty to sixty
men for the army now being organ
ized, but the Emperor of Korea re
fuses to do so. The Japanese, never
theless, .continue to recruit Koreans
under the pretense of employing them
as coolies. It is reported that they
recruited 600 'men at Pingyang,
dressed them In uniform, sent them
to Manchuria and placed them in the
front line, fastened to posts, until
nearly all of them were killed. The
Russians found <5nly one man alive.
to Bear Arms.
Report That Japan Is Forcing Them
RECRUITING KOREANS.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. — A dispatch to the
Lokal Anzelgrr from Mnkden says:
•'General Kuropatkin hq« expressed
a Urea determination to avail himself
of this favorable season of the year for
military action. Everything points to
& coming revenge for Ltaoyang. The
men hope that the period of retreats
is past and that they Trill be led
aga&f t the enemy. The Japanese un
doubtedly intended on September 27
tc attack the columns from the collier
ies at Yectai, aiong the Imperial road,
but desisted when they discovered that
the Russians fronting them numbered
€0,030 men."
The correspondent of the Lokal An
reiger gives a summary of the osten
sible streasth of the opposing Japan
ese armies, which, according to calcu
lation, total 144.000 infantry, 6S,000 cav
alry and 640 guns.
FRESNO, Oct. 6.— One of the big -oil
tanl - - at the pumping station near
Mendota was struck by lightning this
morning and the oil set on fire. By
heroic efforts the flames have been
confined to the one tank, which con
tained 10,000 barrels of the liquid fuel.
There are five tanks near by. •; ; : :
The flames are still raging. To save
the other tanks, ditches are being dug
in the adjoining, fields and when com
pleted the burning oil will be run into
them. A cannon is expected to-night
from Los Banbs and when it arrives a
shot will be fired through the side of
the huge tank and through the hole
thus made the. fluid is expected to flow
into the ditches.
The other tanks at the station are
full of oil, collected from Coallnga,
Bakersfield, OH City and Sunset for
shipment by rail.
8p«cl*l I Dispatch to Th« Call.
Albert M*. Johnson closed the argu
ment. He dealt with the law points
and argued upon the Judicial discre
tion of the court in matters of contin
uance. He said that the strenuous re
sistance of the ¦;< motion by- the other
side was an evidence of its extreme im
portance. The , attorney discussed the
evidence to "be produced from the for
eign witnesses, ' particularly that of
Coroner Scholer of New York,: alleged
to be-in effect that Miss Warren said
Miss Dolbeer • had been mentally . de
ranged for years. , ¦;- ,-'..-¦_
Mr. McEnerney's argument was brief.
He. made the point that: the affidavit
was not made by the person in pos
session of the facts— It should have
been made by the attorneys. The lega
tees, he said, were entitled to have the
validity of the will determined and
having already had two months' time
the contestants could not claim that
the case was being "railroaded
through." The evidence expected from
the Deutschland witnesses was sub
ject to proof by witnesses In this city,
and besides, the ship had been in port
several times since June 30, when Mias
Dolbeer came. oven and the depositions
could have been taken. ¦
He said that the two witnesses to
the will were in court ready to testify-
Miss Dolbeer wrote the will herself and
put it in a safe deposit box and took
the extra precaution to make a copy
in her own- hand and place it in the
safe of the Dolbeer-Carson Lum
ber Company. By the deposition
of Miss . Warren it was shown,
he said, that three San Fran
ciscans came across the ' ocean on
the Deutschland with Miss Dolbeer—
James Tyson and his two brothers—
and they would testify. As to the Paris
witnesses, he thought the . Misses
O'Connor and King were likely to re
turn to San Francisco; the State law
would seal the lips of Dr. Gros. .
As to the delay in settling the es
tate he thought the executors and lega
tees, including various charities, had
some rights which should be consid
ered. • f -
Mr. Pillsbury answered Johnson, re
citing the progress of the case and say
ing that the issues had been joined for
more than two months and in setting
the trial for October 4 the court had
given more time than was at first in
tended. When the Contest was filed,
August 2, Miss Dolbeer's mental un
soundness was alleged, but Schander
on the stand hadTdeClared that he knew
nothing about her' mental condition at
the time of making the will and he had
admitted under oath that Miss War
ren's deposition was taken for the pur
pose of finding something on which to
base a case. "He was simply taking
chances to find something to support
this contest," said the attorney. "This
business of contesting wills has grown
into an Industry in this city; it is the
business of certain attorneys to look
up heirs who might bring a contest in
order to be bought off. It Is now al
most an exception when a contest is
not presented or overtures made for
an adjustment with persons who might
contest a will."
Mr. Pillsbury said that the mental
soundness or unsoundness of Miss Dol
beer on April 27. when she made the
will, was the only material issue 'and
that could be determined by witnesses
in California. In William G. Mugan's
deposition It was stated that when
Miss Dolbeer left on her trip to Europe
at least twenty of her associates ac
companied her to Oakland to see her
off, well-known persons by any one
of whom her mental condition could be
proved, and there were probably, he
said, fifty others of highest respectabil
ity who could be procured to testify
within twenty-four hours.
v *" WROTE WILL HERSELF.
t Hiram Johnson opened the argument
In support of the motion for continu
ance, saying that the contestant had
not had sufficient time to prepare his
case. He spoke of the necessity for the
testimony of the absent witnesses. He
discussed the materiality of the evi
dence and the diligence with which the
investigations had been conducted. Of
the delays already occasioned, he said
the effort to get Miss Warren's deposi
tion alone used up at least twenty-one
days.
PLLLSBURY'S REJOINDER.
Figuring carefully upon the dates.
Judge Coffey was of the opinion that
the depositions could be brought here
in time for a trial on November 2, and
he named that date for the commence
ment of the hearing. "This setting is
peremptory," he .said, "and I will have
a jury here on that day." The court de
cided that the depositions desired in
Paris were unnecessary— that the
Misses King and O'Connor would prob
ably not be there, and It might be held
that the testimony of the French phy
sician, Dr. Gros, would not be admit
ted as evidence under * the California
law against the use of the confidential
relations between doctor and patient.
At the opening of yesterday's hear
ing Mr. Pillsbury -recalled Schander to
the stand, but the lawyer's efforts to
draw from the witness the details o'f
his conferences with his brother Hora
tio regarding who should begin the con
test were made unavailing by Schand
er's lack of memory. He was asked aa
to the Information gathered in New
York by his representative, but he was
unable to give any facts. He had been
told that the representative, who was
employed by the Johnsons, was Charles
J. Stillwell, a private detective.
At the conclusion of. three hours of
spirited argument, participated 1 In by
Attorneys Pillsbury, MdEnerney and
the two Johnsons, Judge Coffey decided
yesterday that Adolph Schander was
entitled to a continuance of the trial
of his contest against the will of Ber
tha M. Dolbeer. The court, however,
was opposed to a long delay i and de
clared that only time enough would be
granted in which to obtain the deposi
tions in New York and at the Connec
ticut and Massachusetts insane asy
lums which are said to be necessary
for the contestant's case.
from Lieutenant d> Cuverville and
Captain von Gilgenhelm, respectively
the French and German naval attaches
at Port Arthur, who have mysterious
ly disappeared.
In this connection a local paper
prints a sensational dispatch from
Chefu intimating that these Chinese
were sent into Chefu by the Japanese,
who are the real culprits, in order to
absolve themselves from culpability in
the disappearance of the two attaches.
HARBIN, Oct. 2. (Delayed in trans
mission.) — It is reported that the Jap
anese advance posts have been driven
back along the Una between the Hnn
River and Bensihu.
+- *
Court Decides Evidence at
French Capital Is Not
Necessary for Contest
Unconsumed Fuel to Be Re
leased by Puncturing Res
ervoir With Cannon Ball
Major General Orion! has been as
signed to duty on the general staff,
thus ending the report that he would
be tried by court-martial and dis
missed from the army. '
Lieutenant General Grlppenberg, who
is to command the second Manchurian
army, was received in audience by the
Emperor to-day. He declined to be in
terviewed and will return to VHna to
morrow. The general will leave for the
front during the present month.
"We make sorties frequently, driving
back the enemy. The repulse of the last |
attack was especially due to Lieuten
ant Poggorsky, General Kondratenko,
Colonel Irman and Captain SychafC.
The spirit of the troops is heroic. !
"Wounded men are every day returning i
from the hospitals to the ranks.
"We pray to God for victory and for"
the health of your Majesty."
General Stoessel's report created
great rejoicing and revived the hope in
his ability to defend the fortress. After
the failure of the storming operations
the War Office here would not b.e sur
prised if the Japanese changed' their
plans to a regular engineering siege.
No fresh news has been received from
Mukden. According to the War Office's
information quiet continues there.
Grand Duke Boris will leave St.
Petersburg In ten days to rejoin the
army.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct.' B. 6:20 p.m.
Emperor Nicholas has at last received
General Stoessel's official report of the
desperate four days* assault of the be
siegers upon Port Arthur from Sep
tember 19 to September 23, from -which
It appears that the unofficial report
from Chefu was by no means exagger
ated. The Japanese displayed frenzied
bravery. They lost ten thousand men,
and their only success was the capture
of two redoubts guarding: the water
works. They prepared for the assault
by a general bombardment and then
launched their attacks simultaneously
from the north and west. Night and
day they fo-ight under a cover of a
continual bombardment from' their
siege guns, and finally reached the re
doubts on the north side, but only
after the defenses there ' were- com
pletely demolished by shell fire from
the west.
The Japanese efforts were directed
chiefly against the commanding posi
tion on High Mountain, which faces
Pigeon Bay. If. it had fallen Its pos
session would have given the Japanese
a tremendous lever against the chain
of inner defenses. The carnage there
was terrible and culminated Septem
ber 22, when the Japanese succeeded in
reaching and occupying the Russian ar
mored shelter trenclres, whence they
expected undoubtedly to storm the
summit. During the night Lieutenant
Poggorsky of the navy, at the, head of
a detachment of volunteers, descended
upon the trenches and blew them up
with pyroxylin bombs, producing a
panic among the besiegers, who fled,
leaving the mountain Bide strewn with
dead. The Japanese then abandoned
further attempts, but after a day or
two to recuperate, according to Gen
eral Stoessel's second dispatch, dated
September 30, they resumed the bom
bardment of the city and outer works,
and began to construct zigzag ap
proaches, evidently hoping to get
a nearer position from which to launch
their next assault.
The loss of the water works is not
considered vital as there Is a fresh
water lake and numerous wells as well
as a condensing apparatus within the
defenses.
General Stoessel recommends General
Kondratenko, Lieutenant Poggorsky,
Colonel Irman of the artillex-y. and
Captain Sychaff of the Fifth Siberian
regiment for the St. George's Cross.
The complete character of the repulse
of the Japanese has evidently greatly
Inspired the garrison of Port Arthur.
General Stoessel says the gallantry of
the Russian troops was beyond promise
and adds that the garrison will hold
out to the last drop of blood.
General Stoessel adds that practical
ly nothing remained of the water works
redoubts when the surviving Russians
evacuated them.
General Stoessel's dispatch, which
was dated September 30, concludes:
"After bloody assaults from the 19th
to the 23d of September, there has been
comparative tranquillity around the
fortress. On the night of September
23d the Japanese after being repulsed
by Lieutenant Poggorsky, fled in panic.
They are now working very actively
and are approaching by a tunnel and
entrenchments. The bombardment
was maintained both upon the forts
and the buildings within the fortress.
In the absence of developments at
tlie front Interest at St. Petersburg
centers in the disposition to be made
of certain Important civil and mili
tary officers. Rumor has it that Vice
roy Alexlcff has been reinstated in
royal favor and will, upon his return
from the Fsr East, become the ac
tual director of Russia's foreign pol
icy. Friends of General Kcropatkin
are confident that he will be given at
least temporary command of the two
great Russian armies. No nevrs later
than September 30 has been received
from Port Arthur. At the date given
tlie garrison had been inspired by re
pulses of the .Japanese
NO PARIS DEPOSITIONS
FLAMES UNDER CONTROL
LONDON, Oct. 5. — There Is no con
firmation from any source of the re
ported naval fight at Port Arthur.
No details arc given.
LONDON*, Oct. 5. — A news agency
hero lato to-night sent out a dispatch
dated Tokio. October 5, saying:
"It is believed that the Russian
squadron mnde a sortie from Port Ar
thur to-day and that a great naval
battle occurred."
Judge Coffey Grants Con
tinuance for Schander to
the Second of November
Five Filled Tanks at.Mendo
ta May Contribute Con
tents to Feed Fierce Blaze
WAR BULLETINS.
Emperor Nicholas Receives
General Stoessel's Official
Report of the Four Days'
Assault by Japanese Upon
Defenses of Port Arthur
General Kuropatkin Intends
to Take Revenge for Liao
yang and Is Making
Preparations to Continue
His Military Operations
OIL IGNITED
BY LIGHTNING
Report of Big Battle at Port Arthur
DOLBEER CASE
SET FOR TRIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1904.
MISS LAWTON
WILL GO EAST
5
<SO1N&! GOING!! GONE!!!
KtriciD! nu un it. mnuK tui save it. too late fob iekpiciol
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIOINAL remedy that "kills the Oendlruft Germ " O
T!» a fj a Mil t and the GtntVeA-PiflT wh0 f °° k d * nd r ul} «*'« from a stodent who was
1 ne koodh ana im guinea-rig loslne hl$ hMU an(J bkvinz nti9 a vmMd% ot
Prof. Unna. the wcrid'e greatest dermatologist thtm with vaseline nibbed the same upon arulnta
(ask your doctor about him) was the first todli- plr and the pig became bald. Newbro's Herpl*
cover the mlcrobic and contagious nature of true clde Is the orieinal dandruff germ destroyer. 11
dandrufK ' His > discovery * was verified by Or. * kills the mlcrobic growth and permits the hair to
Sabourand.' of Paris, who denuded a rabbit with rrow as nature Intended. A wonderful hair saver,
human dandruff flakes. Also by Lassarand Bishop A delightful dressing.* ¦ Stops Itching Instantly.
¦; Onf Store*. $1.00. Jm« 10c, ttsrasa, t» HERPICIDE CO, Dapt R, Detroit. Mich, for a simple.
' '¦¦".' ATPIJOATIO JS AT PBOMnTSKT aAMEB SHOPS.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
1 B. KATSGHINSK1
I Philadelphia Shoe Co.
I (0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO
0 Adjoining Call Bulldta*.
1 REDUCED PRICES. I
I SWELL NEW STYLES. M
1 H tVe have the confidence of the ¦
1 public and the largest shoe busl- ¦
M ness on this coast because we H
I treat our customers right and do B
! j all In our power to make them sat- H
I lsfled; the good wearing qualities H
3 of our shoes are absolutely guar- ¦
3 anteed. and our prices are always B
> D the lowest In this city. We save H
n our customers, on every purchase. Kg
§3 from 25c to $1.00 a pair, and even r
1 more on our higher grade shoes. Eg
i E3 A Hew Style Just Eece-ivad on B
i §J Special Sale This Week. XadUs' B
W patent leather Oxford ties, made ?
En with new coin toes and imitation t'j
H tips, circular vamps . and heel H
el foxlngs. Imperial kid tops, hand- D
h turned soles and high LXV French Bf
H heels. The latest effect for dress H
M occasions. SPECIAL, REDUCED Eg
&i PRICE S1.65 A FAIR |
M Sizes 2H to 8. widths A to E. gj
0 / vX U U u I
1 BOX CALF LACE. M
§3 Seduced Sal* Price Tola W«*k H
II on Children's and Misses' box calX M
I lace shoes, made with double exten- Eg
3 sion sewed sole*, neat shaped toes n
j and tips, circular vamps and heel SJ
|| foxlngs and new low. school heels. Q
B A neat looking school shoe that H
y -will wear well. Widths D to E. H
H SPZCZAZi BEZraCTXOVB. H
|] Children's sizes. 7 to 8 80c U
j Children's sizes. 8% to 10tt~OQc B|
j Misses' sizes, lift to 2 £1.05 g|
I Patent Kid. Cuban Heels, n
H A Special Snap Just received 1
fed from our Eastern buyer. Ladles' 1
M patent leather kid lace shoes, made 1
m on the new "Po-tax" toe last, with 1
¦ H full straight foxlngs. fine dull fin- SB
i H lshed mat kid tops, neat extension |
fa sewed soles and high Cuban heels. ]
II A beauty for dress, made to sell 1
£3 regularly for J3.00. OWR SALE 1
PS PRICE TO SELL EVERT PAIR B
jH S1.S5 S
: Bj Sizes 2^ to 7. widths CtoE. H
I Help the Fruit-Growers. I
I FIGS, PRUMES r n |
I I AND RAISINS 0b a Pkg. I
i * To help tho fruit-growers of I
J California dispoaa of tliadx dried S
I fruits we are ¦•Ulnr fin. prunes R
j SUD.A raisins fox 5c a package. (.
I OPEN TO-NIGHT. E
K Pot the benefit of thoa* wno P
b» cannot take advantage of our dried Bj
| fruit sale duriasr the daytime we Id
Jn will remain open to-nUrht El
H (Thursday) untn 9 o'clock. Only rj
B dried, fruits , sold between. 8 and D
1 9 p. m. |Jj
1 WE ARE SOLE AGENTS FOR |
I BUCKIH6HAM & HECHT'S S
1 S3.5O ' !
I TRUE MERIT SHOES FOR MEH 1
y If you want solid comfort and fl
H a perfect wearing sho« don't waste Ui
fa your time and money expert- gj
f9 mentlng elsewhere. Try a pair of r
Kj True Merit Shoes and you will get M
[3 comfort and satisfaction. U
II Vicl kid. velour and box calf, ri
II Goodyear welted oak tanned soles. §jj
SJ Sizes' 6 to 12. widths B to E. m
« yrATT. 03D2B3 PTTiTiTTD. uj
I B. KATSGHINSK1 1
A 10 THXBD ST, San PrancHoo. kj
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
TBXSX A3VS SAXiT MEATS.
nc nnvL'C £ m Shippln* Butchers, 10S
JAS. DUlfcj & vU> Clay. T«L Main 13H.
- IEAIT XOOPS AX9 8ZTUQXT8.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet M«tsJT Work*.
117C-1173 Mission st. Phone Main HM.
; ;Tv~ ; Ottfl. —
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A KLLI3.
41S Front st. 8. F. Phone Main 1719.
L C HfllIfiES» Bll Sansom* st.. 8. F.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAS.
j San Francisco, Thursday, 6 October, lOOi.
One of our many
inexpensive bureaus, $25
Our line of inexpensive bureaus is now -in excel-
lent shape. We actually show over fifty styles at
less than thirty dollars. The pattern pictured above
is made of oak, golden . finish, and is provided with
1 oval mirror 24 by 29 inches and four drawers with
double swell fronts. Height,. 78 inches; width, 42
inches. We pay freight charges, remember, up to
fifty miles.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
V 261 to 281 Geary St. v at Union Square
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£||j| CIGARS <
1^8 arc une( I ua M e d
K^^ for their fine
|||||li flaLVor aLnd per-
Jf«T.i~' > /i^'l T<*tf*T Cna nae
u : V st rX*i '^*"* »aJGLpc5»
Pill SATISFYING
0M LVXVRIOVS
lllll SMOKING.
SOLD EVBBTWHERBL
W&W^n JLU " Ue ** XOc * np *
U^xj^lif M1CHAUT5CHKEBR05&C0
ffi^^fS EUSratO BROS & DIAZ
fjrhJ*&j " iAnt ***
No Breakfast Table
complete without
The Cream of Cocoas,
The Most Nutritions
and Economical.
11115
ULJ-
The Parallel.
All r K ps look alike, but what a dif-
ference there may be!
Just so v.ith laundry work — all laun-
dries aim for the same end — cleanliness
«r.<J handsome Hr.ish, but we gain them
with least possible wear on fabrics and
deliver the goods at the appointed time.
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
1004 KABZET STREET.
Telephone South 420.
jt ff5£v0EWEY.STR0NG &CO>g*^
a<^ n '^Hnwiiai siai — b^V v\
(1 ."patents: i)
\S^330 MARKET ST. SJ.VSSS^
S~^%. Br. Gibson's Dispensary,
M**e+g£k *»-•* KEACM' ST. KstabUshrd
J99]V^QnIn 1SS4 for the treatment of frivmt*
mSL / fcyfliPF pl **'"**• V** 1 Almiliood. Debility or
fjftffjt fFfltf •*> I **a«* wearlnKon body and mind and
£X&fe*8ES3 skin leases. The Poctorcure* rrlien
others fall. Try him. ('barges low.
i^HHtHitI '•--— r »— -- -«~«i- Call or write.
X>r. J. r. «IBBOar, Ban Fraadsco, CatRACING AUTOISTS READY.
"The sight of the cars being speeded
along the edge of the ocean would be
an attraction to the thousands who
visit this grand beach. The speedway
would also have a tendency to do away
with fast driving on tne park roads.
If the automobllists will co-operate
with the Commissioners in this matter
we will soon provide them with a
stretch of road of which they will be
proud. In this city of hills it seems
the only place available.
"The Park Commissioners have so
many outside demands upon the funds
intrusted to them for disbursal that
they could not undertake the work
without some assistance from the au
tcmobllists- If the latter will raise
$6000 the board will undertake to com
plete the work. There is a large quan
tity of sand to be removed. After this
work is done a speedway would have
tu be constructed on scientific prin
ciples. There would have to be a firm
foundation and then a smooth surface
over which the cars could be run at a
high rate of speed.
The Park Commissioners, in pursu
ance of their plan to provide facilities
within the public playground for the
enjoyment of as many different sporta
and pastimes as possible, are continu
ally outlining new features.
Reuben H. Lloyd, one of the Com
missioners, who has at all times en
tered heartily into the performance of
his duties, has been tireless in this re
spect. He has been studying the needs
of the automobilist for some time and
is in a position now. to point out where
a speedway can be built for them.
In discussing the proposed improve
ment yesterday Mr. Lloyd said: "The
automobile has come to stay and we
should keep up with the times and pro
vide the owners with all facilities for
the enjoyment of the pastime. I have
just signed permit No. 712, which indi
cates that that number of machines
may be driven through the park. Of
ccurse there are machines used exclu
sively downtown, so this number does
not show all owned here.
"There has been a lack of a place
to speed these machines within the law.
and I see a way to make up for this
deficiency. My Idea, is to make the
Ocean boulevard 200 feet wide for its*
entire length of two miles. One half
this could be given over to the auto
mobiles. This strip could then be di
vided into an up and a down course,
so there would be no danger of colli
sions.
Desire to Widen This Two-
Mile Stretch and Bniid
a Perfect Eoadbed There
BOULEVAKD THE SITE
Park Commissioners in Their
Beneficence Seek to Add
to Park's Attractiveness
PLAN SPEEDWAY
FOR THE AUTOS
We are. agents for Winsor.& Newton,
makers of the best . artist materials? in
the world. New stock of y pyrography
goods and new things to burn. .-" Sanborn.
Vail &; Co., 741 Market street. ¦'¦ ¦¦• .
Artists' Materials.
WILD WEST RIDEK.— Georre Heffler was
arrested by Officer Un«rer of the Humane So.
clety yesterday for brutally spurring . a home.
Heffler rides howeback through the streets at
tired as a cowboy aa an advertisement for a
certain brand of cigars. In attempting to
make rorne theatrical .exhibition of "Wild
Wfit" riding he cut the horse's sides terribly
with his spur*. ¦> '
The question of a permit for the
fight will be decided- by the Super
visors' police committee to-day. As
permits have In the ; past been issued
in rotation the Shasta Club is entitled
to the one for this'month.^-If. it does
not receive it' the fight will go to CoK
ma,' where; there is ino opposition.',- > It
will . merely inconvenience : the men of
this city,' who wish to see the fight.
Jimmy Britt and Joe Gans are prac
tically matched to fight before the
Shasta CJub in this city or In Colma on
the last day of this month.
Al. Hereford and Willie Britt dis
cussed all the details of the match
last night and will meet to-night, in
the office of J. W. Coffroth to sign the
articles. Britt wanted 65 per cent of
the receipts, 'win, lose or draw. A
compromise was effected. Britt is to
receive -75 per cent if he wins; Gans
losing | share being 2 5 per cent. If
Gans wins he will receive 50 per cent
a#id Britt 60 per cent. : *
Shasta Club Secures the Match, Which
Will Be Decided Here
or in Colnia. ,
BR1TT AND GANS TO FIGHT
LATE IN PRESENT MONTH
PORTLAND. Ore., OcL 5.— After
Roach retired with a broken thumb in
the sixth inning the game between
Portland and Seattle was little more
than a farce. Roach was succeeded
; by Hastings, whose* lack of control re
sulted in sixteen hits and the complete
demoralization of the home team. Hall
kept his hits well scattered and re
ceived good support. _ The score: -
Portland — i Seattle —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.RiH.P.A
Drnan, cf 5 0 0 2 (j'V Hltn.cf 7 2 2 2 0
M'Crdl.rf 4 2 2 2 liMohlr, 2b B 22 3 4
Mrshll. (4 1 2 3 liBkshp.lb « 2 2 11 0
Hllnd. lb 5 0 1 11 o'Frtsk/lf. 0 2" 2 2 0
Rknfld.Sb 6 Oil. 5iDlhty. 3b 6 2 3 1 0
Beck. 3b. 5 0 1 3 2. Leahy, c. 6 2 3 0 2
Spencr, If 0 0 0 0 0 Smith, rf 6 2 2 2 0
Stanley, c 3 0 1 S ljR.Hall, s4 4 2 10
Roach, p. 2 0 0 0 0 C.Hall. p 6 3 4 0 2
HutngB. p2 0103|
Runkle. s 3 0 2 0 0 Totals. 51 21 22 27 1^
Totals. 3S 3 11 27 13 ,
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 1 0 M 0 0 0 0 2 0 0—3
Base hits 2-2-0.0 1.2 3 1 0—11
Seattle .........0 0 3 0 0 1 6 » 2— 21
Base hits 1 0 4 10 3 7 5.1—22
SUMMARY. .
Errors — Drennan, Marshall 3, ' Beck, Spencer
2. Stanley 2. Frisk. Delehanty. Smith. Earned
runs — Portland I, Seattle 1. Base*. on ball*
Off Hastings 2, oft Hall 3. Struck out— By
Roach 8, by Hasting* 1, by Hall 5. Two-base
hiU— C Hall. HaetlBS*. Van Haltren. Smith,
When Hastings Succeeds Roach, Si
washes Begin to Make 3ferry. .
"BUSIIER" LED TO SLAUGHTER.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 5.
In a slow, hard fought game, where
fumbling, penalizing and punting oc
curred far too frequently to make the
contest interesting to the spectators,
the Stanford freshman eleven and the
Belmont School team played a tie
game this afternoon at Belmont. Each
side made one touchdown and kicked
the goal, the final score standing 6
to 6.
The Cardinal baby team got into the
play at the start, and pushed the .ball
ever the goal line in ten minutes of
scrimmage. This early success could
not be followed up and only once after
that was the . freshman team danger
ously riear the goal line.
The "prep" eleven from Belmont
outplayed the freshmen both on offen
sive and defensive work after Stan
ford's touchdown and quickly suc
ceeded in forcing Halfback Miller
through the line and between the goal
posts. Twice they nearly scored again,
after they had made ground on an ex
change of punts, but the freshmen line
held firm and took the ball. r
With, the intercollegiate game with
the "* California youngsters only ten
days off, the Cardinal coaches will
have to use, strenuous means to round
the Stanford team into winning form.
Neither Horton nor ; TomasIni,-the two
big tackles who are being tried out on
the varsity eleven, were : in to-day's
game.'and their ¦ presence in the. final
freshman lineup. will add both strength
and confidence to, the team.'. -
The lineup of to-day's game was as
Stanford Freshmen and Home Eleven
Each Score Six Points.
TIE GAME AT BELMONT.
Gleason will be home some time
this month. He has visited all the
large Eastern cities and also spent
fifteen days at the St. Louis Exhibi
tion. .
John J. Gleason, leader of the
Olympic Club, is at present at Tren
ton, N. J., .with Jim Corbett. The
latter is presenting: his new play,
"Pals," which is an immense hit. It
will probably be seen here next sea
son. •
Gleason StiU in the East.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 8.— New York wound up its
series here to-day by .beating the St. Louis
Americans 8 to 1 in the last game of the sea
son. The visitors knocked Siever out of the
box in the fourth and Hynes, who succeeded
him, was batted hard. Attendance, 1800.
Score: . .
«» , « R. H. E.
St. Louis 17 2
New York 8 16 . 0
Batteries — Siever. Hynes and Kahoe; Powell
Kleinow and McGuire. ' - ¦ • ¦¦ .
CHICAGO, Oct. 6.— Boston could do nothing
with Altrock until the seventh, when they
scored all of their runs. Attendance, 1000.
Score:
', R. H. E.
Chicago o.-, 6 '<¦"¦ 0
Boston '. ..;¦ 3 8 V 2
Batteries — Altrock and Sullivan; Young and
Criger.
CLEVELAND, Oct 6.—Cleveland-Philadel
phia game postponed; rain.
DETROIT. Oct. , 5. — After losing the first
game to the tail-enders, Detroit could do no
better than tie the second. Attendance, 200.
Scores :
First game— r.. h. E.
Detroit l . 6 1
Washington 4 11 o
Batteries— Mullin and Drill; Wolffe and
Clarke. • ' >• - ¦
' Second, game — *f R. •, H.' E.
Detroit 12 0
Washington 1 2 o
Batteries — Raymond and Drill; To wnsend and
Kittredge. ...-..- .
NATIONAL LEAGUE. ;
BOSTON. Oct. 6.— Chicago won the final
game of the National League season here in a
Ustlsssly played game. Attendance. 1100. The
score: ; ' fr; H'-'- '* ' '
•¦' R. H., E.
Chicago .....' 2 9-.v:0
Boston- ; . 0 ' 5 ' 3
Batteries— Lundgren and Kling;.Wllhelm and
Needham. Umpire — Emslie. ¦¦'¦. ¦* - ¦
AMERICAN LEAGUE
(American League.) (National League.)
W. L. Pet. w. L. Pet.
Boston 02 57 .617 NewTork .105 47 .690
New York. 90 56 .CH; Chicago ..92 58 813
Chicago ...86 64 .673 Cincinnati 84 65 564
Cleveland .81 64 .550 Pittsburg 83 66 567
Philadel ..78 67 .538 St. Louis. 75 73 .607
St. Louis.. 64 84 .432 Brooklyn . 56 96 367
Detroit ...61 85 .418 Boston ... 63 86 ]364
Was-hlngtn 36 110 .241 Philadel . 60 100 333
Highlanders Play Farewell With. St.
Louis, and Champions Give
White Sox a Beating.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
LEADERS MANAGE TO GET
AWAY WITH THEIR GAMES
TACOMA, OcL 5. — Fitzgerald was
hit hard, but kept his hita well scat
tered. But for errors he would have
shut the Looloos out. Gray pitched
a star game, keeping the Tigers guess
ing and striking out seven. Tacoma's
only chance came in the fourth, when
Eagan was hit by pitcher and Casey
got a base on balls. McLaughlin hit
Ansels Get Busy in Fifth and Settle
the Contest.
TIGEKS HAVE A BAD INNING.
Seventy-two greyhounds will course
on Sunday at Union Park. Twenty
four are entered in a class stake and
forty-eight in a reserve event. The
draw last night resulted as follows:
Class stake— Tillie R. vs. Carlow Boy; Hap
hazard vs. The Referee; Tralee Lass vs. Rene
gade Apache; Frisky Barbara vs. Amandan-
Rocker Arm vs. Friendless Boy; Little Plunger
vs. Sofala: Gold Chain, vs. Tralee Maid; Frisco
Lad vs. Honest John; Pomona vs. Charter
Member; Gambit vs. In Time; Humboldt v».
Duhallow; Belle Free vs. Hudson.
Reserve stako— Panoche vs. Golden Garter;
Little Mercy vs. John Heenan; Medley vs. Rich
Array; D. R, vs. Royal Spirit; Luxury vs.
Confident; Remiseo Animo vs. Mi Amlgo; Jlg
amaroo vs. Northern Alarms. Ina Cis»us vs.
Mies Brummel; Aurella vs Free From Flaw
Big Klamath vs. Shadow; Hera vs. Ro»e of
Gold; Wild Norah vs. Cosette; Apple Blossom
vs. Texas Blacklips; Real Pasha vs. Run
away Actress; Cubanola vs. Angus Cisius; Bob
R vs. Wattles; Snapper Garrison vs. Texas
Betty; The Delta vs. False Alarm; Ready Ad
dress vs. Concord Tralee; Fetterless vs. La
Rosa; Flower Girl vs. lone Hill; Red Rock vs.
Prompto; Rocked Asleep vs. Frank C; Conroy
vs. Earl. \ ¦ '
The Class Event Brings Out a Strong
Representation of the Best
Greyhounds.
The Academic Athletic League foot
ball game between Lick and Mission
High School went to the former by
default. The Lick eleven and many
spectators were at the Presidio
grounds at 3 o'clock yesterday, but
the Mission boys did not put in an
appearance by 4 o'clock. At this time
Referee Cavanaugh sounded his whis
tle and Lick kicked off.
Nine of the Mission eleven were
Mission High School Eleven Fails to
Appear on the Field. '
LICK WINS BY DEFAULT.
Errors — Earan (2), McLaughlin. struck out —
By Fitzgerald 3, by Gray 7. Bases on balls —
By Fitzgerald 2, by Gray 4. Wild pitch —
Fitzgerald. • Hit by pitcher — By Gray 1. Two
base hits — Smith (2), Toman, Bernard. Three
base hit — McLaughlin. Sacrifice hit — Brashear.
First base on errors — Los Angeles 2. Stolen
bases — Sheehan, Ross, Flood. Left on bases —
Tacoma 6, Los Angeles 7. Double plays — Ca
eey to Hogan; Toman to Flood to Brashear.
Tlm«-of game — One hour and 40 minutes. Um
pire — Tom Brown.
Tacoma 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 0 2O101O11—6
Los Angeles 0 0004000 0—4
Base hits 2 0 0 1 4 1 12 1—12
SUMMARY.'
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS,
safely to right, the ball taking a bad
bound, giving him three bases and
scoring two. The Tigers had a bad
time in the fifth. Toman hit to center
and was forced by Ross. Spies hit. to
right, but Doyle juggled. Gray offered
one to Eagan and the latter in at
tempting a double play let the ball
get away. Bernard hit into the in
field and was safe on Eagan's low
throw. Flood's third single and
Smith's second two-bagger followed
making a total of four. The s,core:
Tacoma — Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Doyle, rf 4 0 0 1 0 Brnrd.cf 5 0 2 4 0
Fhehn.3b 3 0 10 2 Flood,2b 6 13 14
Nrdke.lb 3 0 0 9 1 Smlth.3b 3 0 2 12
Kaffan.ss 3 10 4 4 Crvth. rf 4 0 1 0 0
Lynch.cf 4 0 2 4 0 Brehr.lb 3 0 0 9 0
Ca«y.2b 3 113 4 jTomn. sb 4 0 2 3 2
McLn. If 3 0 1 1 0 Ross. If 3 1 1 2 0
Hogan.c 4 0 15 4 Spies, c 4 1 1 7 2
Fltzgld.p 3 0 0 0 3 Gray, p 4 1 0 0 0
Totals.30 2 6 27 18 Totals.35 4 12 27 11
Runkle. Left oo bases— Portland 12, Seattle 0.
Hit by pitched ball— By C. Hall 1. by Hastings
3. First base on errors — Portland 1, Seattle S.
Hits off Roach 6. off Hastings 16. Innings
pitched by Roach 5. Runs off Roach 3, oft
Hastings 19. Sacrifice hit — Blakenship. Time
of game — Two hours and fifteen minutes. Um
pire — Ira Davis. . ?
SEVENTY-TWO GREYHOUNDS
IN UNIOX PARK STAKES
fellows:
Stanford
Freshmen. Positions. Belmont.
Wilson L. E. R ....Bentley
Bryan U. T. R Mlnturn
Gay L. G. R Badger
Coe-JIyen Center Doro
Meyers R. G. L Thorpe
Cole R. T. L Langstroth
Koerner-Ramsay... R. E. L Spahr
Kearne- Fenton Quarter Wood berry
Cadwallader L. H. R Miller
Vandervoort R. H. L Emmert
Moody-Sumner naq-ioo f3*qi!nj
Umpire — Major Collins. Referee — Ahem.
Time of halves — Twenty minutes.
The Lick and Polytechnic High School
football elevens will clash for the cham
pionship of the San Francisco sub
league of the / Academic Athletic
League. This is the result of a meeting
last evening at the Olympic Club of
Bert Chaplin, James G. Boobar and R.
L. Mlkel, the football committee of the
Academic Athletic League. The protest
entered by Lick against the "Poly"
eleven was thoroughly debated by both
sides and then final decision given by
the committee. The decision will natur
ally cause much dissatisfaction, espe
cially among the Lick enthusiasts. It
is probably as fair a one as the com
mittee could have given. The following
official letter will be mailed to-day to
the two schools:
A protest having been made by the Califor
nia School of Mechanical Arts against Poly
technic High School in respect to the football
game on Friday. September 24, 1904, on the
ground that the Polytechnic High School
players were not entitled to play, because they
had not been registered two weeks before the
came, as stated in the constitution of the
league, article 0. the committee finds and
orders as follows:- That the Polytechnic
Hlfch School and its delegate players clearly
violated the constitution of the league in the
respect mentioned; that Polytechnic High
School, being in fault, shall pay to the chair
man of the football committee of the leaeue.
for the league, the sum of $25 forty-eight
hours prior to the playing of the game herein
after mentioned: that the tie game of Sep
tember 24 between- the two schools shall be
played oft on or before Saturday, October 15.
provided the managers of the two teams cannot
asree on the same date prior to October 15,
and provided Polytechnic High School shall
have paid fine, as heretofore mentioned.
FOOTBALL COMMITTEE OF THE ACCA
DEMIC ATHLETIC LEAGUE.
BERT CHAPLIN. CChairman. -
JAMES G. BOOBAR,
R. L. MIKEL.
Despite Protest the Polytechnic
Eleven Is Restored to Standing
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Sid Silver
119. LadaK 119, Little Corker 119, Petit Maltre
119, Whiskers 119, Behoove 119. Velaaquea 119
Dr. Kier 117, Rheingold 117, King's Charm 117!
Howling Dervish 114, Merry Sport 114, Torlo
Fourth race, one mile, purse— Extol 103
Burke Cochran 100. Pinochle 08. Orient 06,
La89o 95. Lustig 94, Gay Llzzette 01.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Canyon 107, Pathos 100, Pourquoi Pas 102. Miss
Eon 08, Imboden 97.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Felix Moz
zes 10(5, Tom Rowe 103, St. Paris 06. Oudon 96
Metlakatla 96, Bob Curt 06. Algonquin 90. Am
berita J5, Major Carpenter 05, Ed Merritt 00.
Wlnifreda 90.
Second race, one mile and 70 yards, selling —
Brewer Schorr 105, Frank Rice 105, Lovable
107. Feronla 102. Sister Lillian 102, Pompey
102. Reglna D !)3, Mildred L 93.
ST. LOinS, Oct. 5.^-The entries for
to-morrow's races at Delmar follow:
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling-
Detest 113, Pilgrim Girl 108, Pickaway 10S,
Onanetta, 10S. Ivernia 108, Escanaba 103. Bird
pond 103, Bride 98. Katherine L 90, Dorothy
Dodd 60. McJetta 80. Belle S 80.
DELMAIt ENTRIES.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
¦First race — Ivernia, Dorothy Dodd,
McJetta.
Second race — Regina .D, Mildred Ii,
Frank Rice.
Third race— Algonquin, Felix Moz
zes, Bob Curtis.
Fourth race — Lasso, Lustljc, Orient.
Fifth rac« — Pourquoi Pas, Pathos,
Canyon.
Sixth race— Howling Dervish, Ladas,
Whiskers.
Condition of the track — Good.
8IXTH RACE— One mile; three -year- olds
and upward:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Lasso. 108 (J. Conway) 4 2 5 11%
3 to ]— Ingolthrlft. 108(Williams) 6 11 2 1H
20 to 1— Noweta, 10* (Post) 5 3h 36
Time. 1:44%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. L. Lemp & Co.'s ch. m. (7) by Mag
netlse-Lasca. Flori 99, Varro 104, Crime 104,
Miss Manners 110, Corrine 100, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and upward:
Betting. Hors«. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Pretension, 94 (McLgln) 1 3% 1 n
3 to 2— L Strathmore, 103 (Aus'n) 4 112 4
15 to 1— Sam Craig. 106 (Llndsy) 2 2 1 3 h
Time. 1:47'4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, P. M. Clvili's b. g. (3) by Oriflamb-
Vanlty. Lacy Crawford 103. Autollght 106. fin
ished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; the Bronx
hi§rh-w.?iKht handicap; two-year-olds and up:
7 to 2— Leonidas. 120 (Hildbrd).. 4 5 2 1 «i
0 to 2 — Castalian. 105 (Burns)... 2 2 1>/32 3
20 to 1 — Adios. 92 (Kunz) 5 3h 31
Time, 1:18. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, J. C. Teager's b. c. by Hamburg-Boise.
Wotan, Lady Amelia, Collector Jessup, Race
King, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth;
selling; three- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 3 — Liberia. 95 (Sperling)... 6 11 11
12 to 1 — Ascetic. 98 (Crlmmins).. 7 2 3 2 3
15 to 1 — Prince Ch!n£.lO8 (Burns) 19 3 h
Time, 1:49. Start poor.' Won driving. Win
ner, J. A. Drake's ch. f., by Libertine-
Piquante. Stolen Moments. April Shower.
Buckley A. Cloveriand, Hoodwink. Waswlft
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Mile and one-sixteenth;
three- year-olds . and upward:
Bettiny. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Fl. Wtlloughby. 5)7(Llndsy) 4 2 1 1 h
4 to 1— Neversuch, .102 (Rice) 2 3 2 2 2
3 to 1— Orient, 99 (D. Austin) 3 12 3 1
Time. 1:C2. Start'good. Won driving. Win
ner. W. F. Schulte's b. m. (4) by Florlst-
Fannlt- Wllloughby. Lubln 112, Extol 100, fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; two year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Arlena; 100 (Howell) 3 12 15
7 to K— Monaca Maid. 100 (Rice).. 2 3 2 6
0 to 2— Klnda. 105 (D. Austin) .... 1 2 1 8
Time, 1:16V4- Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. M. A. L&wsoiVs br. f. by Water
Level- Vigllette. Three starters.
CHICAGO, Oct. 5. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Worth track fol
low:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Jackful 107,
Hudson 107, Safeguard 107. Wing Dance 107.
Longmore 110. Kathcar 112, Xdogo 112, Jove
115. Clausus 115.
Second race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile.
purse — Miss Jordan 09, Matador 102. Gold
Ename'. 102. Slss Lee 104, Lochlnvar 107. Sll
verskln 107. Flaxman 112.
Third race, the Flyaway handicap, six fur
longs — Mayor Johnson 95. Gypzene 95, Singing
Master 97, Nannie Hodse 103. Don Domo 104.
Frontenae 1OO. Ahola. 107, Scorpio 112. Floral
King 112. Big Ben 124.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
handicap — Allen Avon 88. Little Elkin 00.
Raskin 92. I-urallehter 92. Ben Chance 82.
Fonsoluca 105. (Little Elkin and Rankln,
Arthur entry.)
Fifth race, mile and 50 yards, selling--
Charlie Miller 9ft, Llssardo 99, Gold Banner
102, Edward Hale 102. Armorer 107. Gllfain
108. Plrateer 111, Major Manslr lift. Floyd
K 116.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Four Leaf
C 107. Alibert 109. Automaton 110, Optional
Ul. Tam O'Shanter 112. Jim Hale fi2, The
Fog 115. Harney 119.
SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up; Felling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 5— Baywood, 'lOS (Harris). .. 5 5 1 12
10 to 1— Marshalsea, 104 (Wilson) 3 13 2 4
13 to 1— Docile. 101 (Wolfe) 8 73 34
Time, 1:34. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. Dewltt & Co.'b b. c. (3) by Wood Moss-
Miss Lizzie *II. Avenger 102, Chockayotte 95.
Marco 90, Jigger 108, Anna Beall 99. finished
as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Don Domo, 106 (Nicoil. .4 13 12
3 to 4— Nan. HodgeJOB (Lannon) 3 2 12 3
20 to 1— M. Leeber. 101 (Harris).. 13 13 2
Time, 1:19. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. F. Newman's gr. g. by Rancocas-Falth
less. Rusk 100, Prince Silverwlng» 112, Lady
Belalr 103, finished as named.
Eddie Hanlon Training; Hard.
Eddie Hanlon. the favorite Califor
nia boxer, has written to friends here
that he is training har,d for his fight
with Terry McGovern. This takes
place before the Industrial Athletic
Club in Philadelphia on next Monday
night. There will be a special train
from New TTork and a large attend
ance is exuected.
Hanlon knows McGovern is a fast
fighter for six rounds, so he is pre
paring carefully for the match and
is confident he will land the lonsr end
of the purse.
FOURTH RACE— Mile; three-year-olds and
up; purse: -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 4 — Spencerian. 09 (Shaver) .1 3 3 1 44
11 to 2— Fossil. 107 (Sherwood).. 3 1 2^2 5
11 to 5 — K. Powers, 94 (Wilson) 4 4 8 3 12
Time, 1 :46 2-5. Start good. Won driving:.
Winner, Mrs. H. Dernham's b. f. (3) by Fre«
Knight-Sarah Davis. Columbia Olrl 04, Mayor
David S Rose 98 finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and an eighth;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Falernlan. 09 (Mclntyre) 9 2 4 17
4 to 1 — Mr. Farnum. lOo(Bonner) 4 112 1
15 to 1— O'Hagen, 100 (Seamster). 2 3 8 3 h
Time, 2:00 4-5. Start good. Won in a can
ter. Winner, J. Arthur's ch. c. (3), by Fonso-
Falernia. Trepan 105, Swiftwing 105, Louis
ville 100. Santa Luna 06, The Way 108. Ec
central 01. Niaxus 105. Safety Light 101. fin
ished as named.
Wrestler Gotch Defeats McLeod.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Oct. 5.—
Frank Gotch of Bellingham defeated
Dan McLeod of Nanaimo in ' a
wrestling match to-day at the Pro
vincial Exhibition in New Westmin
ster. The contest was advertised as
being for the championship of Amer
ica. Gotch won in two straight falls.
He threw McLeod in the first fall in
twenty-nine minutes, and in the sec
ond fall in nine minutes. Fifteen
thousand persons witnessed the con
test.
YOUTHFUL 1 BURGLARS SENTENCED.—
Louis Schultz and Edward Long, charged with
burglary but allowed to plead guilty to a
charge of attemst to commit burxlary, were
each sentenced by Judsre Dunne yesterday to
serve one year in the County Jail. They are
but ladsi Tk-ey broke into a room at the
Kutro baths on June 26 and stole some arti
cles belonging to A. M. Tully.
SIXTH RACE: — Six furlongs; two-yeax-olds;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weijrht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3tol— Lt. Rice. 105 (Seamstqj) 6 4 2 1 1H
2 to 1— Snrty Belle, 103(R,Jhnsn) 8 6 3 2 7
11 to 2— Arah May, 102 (Shaver) 1 3 h 3 2
Time, 1:19 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. Arthur's b. c, by Dr. Rice-Betti
nan. Useful Lady 107. Conjuress 109, Jake
Sanders 107, Major Outlook 107. Annie Alone
102, Lou M 107 finished as named.
That start in the opening round in
fused much confidence into the Harris
kids and maue them play thtir game.
Jackson was liberal enough to walk
Hildebrand, who promptly stole and
v/eut to sack three on Byrnes' bad peg
to Sthlalley. Meany came through
with a K°od one, as did Andy Ander
son, so the two runs were safely stow
eu away before the game had grown
<«ut of its infancy.
The Commuters kept hitting in hard
luck all the time, getting one or more
atfter two had been retired. Their lit
tle chance happened in the fourth when
JSchiatley bingled and came tearing
round the sacks on Bill Devereaux's
double to the score. Bill thought he
< ould make a three spot out of the
bingle. but they got him at third. The
• "ommuters seemed to be In a batting
mood then and might have accumu
lated a few more had Bill been content
with two packs
The Seals were not Satisfied with one
to the good. They wanted another and
they got !t in the fiftn. Whaien bit
off one through the infle'.d. Van Buren
shoved him up on a sac-rrflce and Wal
dron completed the little piece of good
work with a drive to center.
The ''ommuters had another good
< han< e in the sixth, but got only one.
Dur.Ieavy and Schlafley each stung
safely and Kruger flew to first. Van
tried to double Dun at second, but
Gochnauer dropped the ball and Dun
leavy hotfooted to the rubber. The
ne xt two men could not clout safely, so
tttttt vas no tie score.
I'ncle gave Terry McKune a try-out
behind the plate and the lad was there.
1 >laying a Rood game. Andy Anderson
t.ulled up lame in the fifth, so Hilde
brar.d was switched to second and
Barber was chased out to left to look
the ground over and watch for an oc
« awor.al stray fly which did not show.
The score:
Oakland — [ San Francisco —
¦AB.R.H. P.A.: AB.R. H. P.A.
Oanly. rf 5 O 2 1 0 VnBrrulb 3 O O 10 1
Frncks. t 4 O O 3 S^riidbd. If 3 1 0 0 3
Dnlvy. If 4 1 1 2 0 Wldrn. cf 4 0 1 2 1
frhlfly.Zb 3 1 • 3 1 Heany. rf 3 1 2 4 0
fCrujrr. cf 4 0 1 1 0 Irwlft, 3b 2 0 0 2 2
Fttfit.. lh4 0 111 1 Adrsn. 2b 2 0 12 2
r»vrx. 3b 3 0 1 1 2 fcochar. s 3 0 1 1 2
I'yrnes. o 2 O 0 2 2 fcl'Kune.c 3 0 0 5 1
Jickon. p 3 O 0 O 3 Wkalen.p 3 1113
•3r«hatn. 1 O « O O Carber.lf 1OO0O
tl:t=l::rr.n. 10000
— ToUls.27 3 7 27 15
Totals. 34 2 S 24 12
•Betted for Byrnes in ninth.
•MJatted for Jackson in ninth.
RCXS AND HITS BT -INNINGS.
OnkJanJ 0 O O 1 0 1 O 0 O— 2
Bate hits 0 2 1 2 1 2 O O 0 — «
E»n Francisco 2O001O00 x — 3
Baec hiu 20112010 x — 7
SUMMARY.
Stoler. base* — Hlldebrard. Meany 2, Prancks.
Krrors — Gochnauer 2, Hildebrand, Byrnes.
Whaien. Two- base hits — Devereaux. Ganley.
Sacrifice hits — Van Buren. Schlafley. First ba*e
on error*— Oakland 3. Flntt bare on called
Ik!!s — Off Whaien 2. eff Jackson 4. Left on
hs«.-,- — Pan Francisco 4. Oakland 8. Struck out
— By Whaien ft. by Jackson 2. Double plays —
lrwln to Anderson to Van Buren ; Strelb to
Francks. Tim*: of game — One hour and fifty
minute*. Umpire — McDonald.
The Seals wurmeil up with a pair on
the b<>ards In the getaway spasm yes
terday a; Recreation Park. It looked
good for them till the end, although
the Commuter* made two fairly strong
bids- to bring home the coin. Mr.
Whaien performed his duty when the
Oaks g-ot dangerous and when the cur
tain was runs down it ptood 3 to 2.
NEW YORK, Oct 6.— Hamburg
Belle will make her first appearance
in some time to-morrow at Morris
Park. She ia carded to start in a
mile handicap and has been assigned
a heavy impost The day's entries:
First race, seven furlongs of Withers mile,
selling— Sals 103,' Melstersinger 103, Emer
gency 106, Auditor 142, The Lady Rohesla 90,
Memphis U9, Bonner »8. Charter 97. Geranium
87. Daisy Green 95, Old England 02, Cham
;>:aln 90. Tide S3, Dapple Gold 85, Dr. Lo
der S5.
Second race, the Hunter handicap, about
two miles and a half, steeplechase course —
Coligny 168. Almanzel 160. Bonfire 157. Gortna
gallon 149. Libretto 148. Welrdsome 147. Pagan
Boy 147. Pure Pepper 146." Jim Slick 145, Ben
efit 144, Horizontal 143, Ii. B. Sack 142. Pious
142.
Third race, maiden two-year-olds. Eclipse
course — Oro 110, Belligerent 110, Kunjamack
110. Ontera 110, St. Margrave 110, Foxy 107,
Chieftain 107. Bella Signbra 107, Sheen 107,
Accct Belle 107. Raiment 107. Brilliant 110. •
Fourth race, Withers mile, handicap—Ham
burs Belle 123. Mineola 112. Graceful 108, Lou
panla 103, Ocean Tide 99.
Fifth race. Withers. . mile, three-year-old
maidens — Israelite 115, Clovis 115. Louis H
US. Sllverfoot 115, Ben Crockett 112. Chattah
112, Tide 112.
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth, handicap,
Withers course — Colonial Girl 119, Eugenia
Burch 115, Major Daingerfleld 114, Pulsus 112,
Carbuncle 106. High Chancellor 107. Ormonde's
Right 104, James F (H>. Graceful 87.
Bonrcnlcher Wins at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 5.— Elm wood racing
results:
First race, five furlongs — Ekersall won, Plnk
erton second, Peggy third. Time, 1:03.
Second race, four and a half furlongs—Lu
retta won. Red Rehnard second. Sea Sick
third. Time, :55*i .
Third race, six ; furlongs — Bearcatcher won,
Croix d'Or second. Otto Stifel third. Time.
1:1.1.
Fourth race, one mile — Judge won, Dalvajr
second. Toledo third. Time, 1:42.
Fifth race, about one and a quarter miles,
steeplechase — Mrs. Grannan won. Collegian
second. Martin Brady third. Time, 2:41V4-
Sixth race, one mile — Exclamation won. Dar
gin second. Telephone third. Time. '1:41%.
Good Run of Silver Salmon.
BELLINGHAM. Wash., Oct. 5. —
Since the first of this week the run
of silver salmon has been sufficient to
supply the seven canneries of the
lower sound, which are putting up fall
fish, to their full capacity. Hereto
fore the catches have been spasmodic.
The run is good and is fairly on.
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Marlln, 99 (McLaughlin).. 0 6 ft 1 1
Ctol— Tom Manklna, 87 (Greer). 4 12 24
0 to 1— Tangible, 80 (Roach) 10 8 3 3 %
Time, 1:32H. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, P. M. Civill's ch. g. (4) by Victory-Fleda
B. Phlora 99, Mint Bed 104, Jake Weber 104.
Oudenarde tW, Hook Se Oka 102. Bountiful 09.
Jollier 98. Polonius. 107. finished as named.
MOiiRlS PARK ENTRIES.
"WORTH ENTRIES.
»
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
rj-'adSc Coast League.)
w. l. rct.j w. i_ ret.
V«coaia ...«9 2i .C2«; 'Oakland -.32 35 .477
),js Ang...;U ;.¦«> .S'CI.San Fran. .:<0 S3 -45. r .
r?caiUe U US .507 1 Portland ..25 40 -3S5
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 5. — Favorites broke
even with well played second choices
to-day at Delmar track. Three favor
ites won, the other successful ones be
ing, weir played. .The- 'weather was
cloudy and the track good. Attend
ance, 3000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-old
maidens:
Betting Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
0 to 10— Dromtno, 107 (Austin). . .3.13 14
40 to 1— Mr.Barnaby, 10.1 (Wllms) 2 3 5 2 2
2 to 1— J. Randolph, 108 .(Howl!) 5 2 ns 3 5
Time, 1:04%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, G. C. Baker's ch. c. by Lampllghter-
Netr Jersey. Harlequin 107. George T 111, Bo
nanza King 10S, Aten 100, A Princ* 103, fin
ished as named.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS,
Hy the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Auditor, Old England,
The Lady Jtohosla.
Second race — Colijrny, Pure Pepper,
Bonfire.
Third race — Chieftain, Sheen,
Raiment.
Fourth race — Hamburg Belle,
Graceful, Mincola.
Fifth race — Israelite, Ben Crockett,
Clovis.
Sixth nice— Graceful. Pulsus, Car
buncle.
Condition of the track — Fneft.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— JackfuL Hudson, Clau-
SILS.
Second race — Miss Jordan. Gold
Enamel, Matador.*
Third race — Bic: Ben, Ahola, Nannie
Hodge.
Fourth race— Allen Avon. Fonsolu
en, Ben Chance.
Fifth race — Lisardo, Floyd K, Char
lie 3iiller.
Sixth race — Tani O'Shanter. The
Fog, Alibert.
Condition of the track — Heavy.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
FOURTH RACE— The Withers mile; puree;
all aces:
Betting. Horc«e, Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
1." to lt>— Alan-a-Dale, 112 (Lyne) 2 11 12
4 to 5 — Jocund, 1O«J (ON'ell) 1 24 25
18 to 1 — Adrtntha, 103 (A.W.Bkr) 3 3 3
Time, 1 :3S 2-5. gtart fair. Won easily.
Winner, T. C. McDonnell's ch. h., by Halma-
Sadie McNarry. Three starters.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; the Hurri
cane stakes, gelling, for two-year-old maidens
at time of entry.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »;. Fin.
S to 5— Glen Echo, 102 (Crlmmins) 1 12 14
S to 5 — Bank. 97 (Travers) 2 2 2 2 6
7 to 1 — Campo. 99 (H.Cochran). . . 0 33 3h
Time. :39 2-5. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner, S. S. Brown's b. c. by Longstreet-Laura
Ethel. Bulwark, D'Arkle. finished as named.
SECOND RACK— Laat Jive furlongs of
Kollpse course: two-year-old filliep; pursue.
IJpttinp. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. V Fin.
22 to 5— Handzarra 112 (Hilbrd). 11111
7 to 1— Kloralla, 105 (W. Davis). 5 4 H 2 1
0 to 1— Fancy Dress, 110 (Redfn) 2 2 h 3 n
Time. :j'J. Stan fair.. Won handily. Win
ner, F. B. Van Meter's ch. f. by Hansel-El
zar:a. Deiphie, Zealu, Lady Henrietta, Nellie
Kussell, Lucy Yotmc, Oonjureiral, Sufferance.
MarcM, Rare Music, finished as named.
Time, 1:12. tftart fair. Won driving. Win
ner. J. A. Drake's b:c. by Rapallo- Water Girl.
Reliable, King Pepper, Lady Uncas, finished
a> named.
MORRIS PARK, Oct. 5.— No sooner
had E. E. Smathers sold his race horses
than they began to win, in accordance
with precedents often noted hitherto.
A few days ago King Cole won a race
at Gravesend track within three hours
after his new owner, F. M. Taylor, had
purchased him. L.eonidas, purchased at
the same sale by "Jeff" Yeager, won
the Bronx highweight handicap to-day
fronra good field, including the odds-on
favorite. Lady Amelia, which ran un
placed.
It was not without a good struggle,
however, that Lady Amelia surren
dered her lead, the light-weighted Cas
talian having really run her into sub
mission. For a s»hort distance he ap
peared a likely winner, only to yield in
the last few strides to the superbly
ridden Leonidas, on which Hlldebrand
had the mount.
While Lady Amelia and Castalian
were traveling out in front at a terrific
pace Leonidas was no better than fifth.
He came on gradually then and nailed
the tiring Castalian In the last few
strides. Summary:
FlIlST itACE — Eclipse course; three-year
'ilds and up; handicap.
Betting: Horse, Weight.- Jockey. St. %. Fin.
8 to 1— Rapid Water. 122 (O'Neil) 1 1 h 1 h
7 to 2— Mar-Unman. 105 (Kunz)... 2 2 1 2%
7 to 1— Jack Ratlin, 100 (Hlldbrd) 0 3 6 3 3V4
CHICAGO, Oct. 5.— Don Domo warm
ed the hearts of his many admirers to
day at Worth. The silver cyclone,
which has not been running up to his
best forjn on a fast track, was finally
cut loose over a muddy course. He beat
the prohibitive favorite, Nannie Hodge,
all the way and instead of backing up,
as has been his custom, he won going
away with two lengths to spare. On
the past performances of both horses
the Darden filly looked to be far the
best. She was always an odda-on fav
orite backed from 4 to 5 to 3 to 4. How
ever, a majority of the talent went to
Don Domo and his odds were forced
from 4 to 1 to 16 to 5. When he won
he was accorded a royal reception upon
returning to the judges' stand.
Baywoqd and Spencerian were the
only winning favorites, second choices
generally being successful.
The track was heavy and muddy and
the weather cloudy and threatening.
The attendance was the largest. of the
week on account of the good card of
fered., Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting-. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Freebooter, 110 (Rmnelll) 6 2 V4 1 1
lOtol — Dixelle, 111 (Bonner).. ... 4 3 2 2 6
8 to 1— Dixie Lad. 114 (Morrisn) 7 8 2 3 3
Time, 1:13. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner, J. W. Push's ch. c. by Ben Holllclay-
Hlmyance. Colonel Ruppert.118, Logistilla 111,
Bishop Poole 110, Lasagitte 107, Dixie An
drews 107, Lydia Meadcrs 107. Von Kcttel 110.
Sparkling 107, Bradwarlin 107, Garvice 114,
Mon Amour 111, finished as named.
Terr.v McKune Makes His
Bow Behind Plate in One
of the Harris Uniforms
C03iMUTEBS PLAY HAM)
heals Have Confidence When
They Annex a Pair Before
the Game Is Well Begun
Castalian First Races the Odds On Favorite
Lady Amelia Into Submission.
Don Domo Is Cut Loose Over a Muddy Track
and Easily Defeats Nannie Hodge.
Favorites Break Even
With the Second
Choices.
UNCLE STARTS
OFF WITH LEAD
HILDEBRAND SHOWS RARE JUDGMENT ON WINNER
At the Morris Park Racetrack LEONIDAS CAPTURES THE BRONX HANDICAP Defeating a Splendid Field
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1904.
2:07 class. tVotting. purse $1500. two in
three — Ozeamum won first and third heat* in
2:07% and 2:0*94. McKlnley won second
heat in 2:08. Wentworth. John Taylor and Jay
McGregor also started.
2:11 class, pacing, purse $1000. three in live
— Broncho won third, fourth -and fifth heats in
2:11. 2:12'A. 2:12. Don N won first and sec
ond heats in 2:07%. 2:07%. Tillie Saale, Miss
Georgie. Peruna and Byrl Wllkes also started.
2:14 class, pacing, purse $1000 three In
five— Nancy H won eecond. third and fourth
heats In 2:07%. 2:08%. 2:09. Funston won
first heat In 2:09. Delphi, Edgar Boy. Edwin
C. Vice Regal. Mary Lee, Ravenna Wilkes and
Auotln Burns also started.
two straight heats in 2:15 and 2:15)4. Kath
arine L., Bertha Bennett. Elmford. Libretto,
Susie X, The Phantom, Roubel and Wigwam
also started.
The two-year-old division. Kentucky Fu
turity, trotting, value $5000 — Bon Voyage won
In the 2:11 class the favorite. Bron
cho, and her driver and owner were
suspended for one year for laying up a
heat.
The track was in good condition.
High winds again prevented Major
Delmar from starting against time:
Summary:
LEXINGTON, Oct. 5.— The two-year
old division of the Kentucky Futurity
was won to-day by Bon Voyage in
two straight heats. The event is worth
$5000, of which $3000 goes to the win
ner.
Bon Voyage Proves the Victor
in Kentucky Trotting Futurity
Mexico is making a serious effort M
stamp out yellow fever. ¦
These are • the eighty horsepower
Dietrich driven by Gabriel and W.
Gould Brokaw's sixty horsepow
er Renault, driven by Bornln. Begin
ning with a luncheon tendered him by
the American Dietrich Company at Its
showrooms, Gabriel was the hero of
the day. From luncheon he was es
corted to the course by five touring
cars loaded with admirers and well
wishers. En route he enjoyed an in
teresting brush with W. K. Vander
bilt Jr., donor of the cup to be com
peted for on Saturday.
present in street attire and evidently
had not the slightest intention of play
lngr. They claimed to be unable to
get their eleven together. It is a
long journey to the Presidio grounds
and a heavy fine imposed upon the
defaulting team would make these oc
currences less numerous. Mission
should have notified those In charge
that they did not care to tackle Lick.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5. — Eighteen au
tomobiles, all that will start in the
Vanderbilt cup race on Saturday, are
now quartered within the triangle of
roads forming the thirty-mile course
on Long Island. The last two of the
speed monsters appeared on the race
route to-day and were Immediately In
stalled among the favorites.
Eighteen Darins Drivers Will Com
pete for the Vanderbilt Cup.
6
Ap\TmTISE5IEXTS.
OFFENSIVE .
I suffered for a long time with a bad
case of Catarrh, and took a great deal of
medicine without any benefit. .
I had a continn&l headache, my cheeks
bad grown purple, my nose was always
f topped up, my breath had a sickening and
disgusting odor, and I coughed incessantly
I heard of your S. S. S. and wrote you.
I commenced to use it, and after taking
several bottles I was cured and have
never since had the slightest symptom of
the disease. Miss Mary L. Storm.
Cor. 7th & Felix Su., St. Joseph, Mo.
"Wheeling, W. Va., May 29, 1003.
I had Nasal Catarrh for years for which I
¦used S. S. S. with very gratifying results.
I tried local applications for some time,
and getting no permanent relief I came to
the conclusion that the seat of the trouble
was in the blood. Knowing S. S. S. to be
a good blood medicine I began its nse,
and after using it for some little while it
did away entirely with the offensive mu-
ens in the nostrils, and I did not have to
hawk and spit, especially in the morning,
to dislodge the catarrhal matter. .
16*7 South St Fred H. Pressy.
•The filthy secretions and ford mucus that
are continually dropping back into the
throat, find their way into the stomach
and are absorbed into the blood. Catarrh
S^^. then becomes con-
J90 AB stitutional,andthe
«L blood. Write us if
vou bave Catarrh,
T 4>e Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
Free to Weak Men !
ARE YOU A WEAKLING? Are you one of those
unfortunate young men who, through ignorance
. and dissipation, have contracted nervous spells,
weak back, varicocele, gloomy forebodings, loss of cour-
age and ambition, loss of confidence, bashfulness, de-
spondency and weakness? Dr. McLaughlin's Electric If
Belt will cure you. tj
Are ,you a middle-aged man suffering from Varicocele, H
Indigestion, Constipation, Rheumatism, Lame Back, M
etc.? Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure you. SI
Are you an old man, declining before your time, hay- II
ing lost all ability to enjoy life, with prostatic trouble, ||
Lost Strength, Debility, Pains and Aches and general jj
decay of Organic Powers? I can cure you with Dr. Ii
McLaughlin's Electric Belt with suspensory for weak U
I - I will send you, sealed, free, my beautiful book telling H
I about it if you will send .this ad. Send for it to-day. ' J j
Dr. M. C. McLaughlin ? 06 Mar fcet st. ||
L '¦* Office Hours— :8 a- m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to L IiSteamer. Destination. Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 7
Oregon Nome & St. Michael .. Oct. 8
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 10
Dolphin Bkagway * Way Porta. Oct. 10
Bertha Cooks Inlet A Way Pts Oct. 10
Farallon Skarway & Way Ports. Oct. 13
Eanta Ana... Beldovia & Way Porta. Oct. 16
120th Meridian —Pacific Time.)
PAX FRAXCISCO. Oct. 6, 19OI —5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peraturrs are reported for previous day rrom
ICnstTn station?:
Cincinnati 73-54iNew Orleans 88-72 |
Boston 02-4S|l >hlladelrhla .....60-50.
Jacksonville 82-70;Washington .64-48!
St. Louis 7fi-C4iNew York 62-52'
Chicago 72-541 Plttsburg 70-52 j
SAN FRANCISCO..... 04-00
-..,?. ~, k COAST, RECORD. •- w«
I 3g33 *Z * g* «
6TA.TIOXS. „ ||Jg |§ 5& I
• c c • - • 8
: ? ? : : I
Baker 29.80 78 42 SB Pt Cldy .00
Carson .......2\).78 7S 46 E Cloudy Tr.
Eureka 29.00 68 54 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 20.72 84 02 NE Clear .00
S.E. Farallon 07
Flagstaff 29.00 70 38 NW Pt Cldy .08
Pocatt-llo 2U.88 80 44 SK Clear .00
Inder^ndence ..'. 58 ...
Los Angeles..29.86 70 62 SW Cloudy .00
Mt. Tamalpals20.83 70 52 W Clear .00
North Head...29.82 06 C8 S Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29.00 98 68 8 Cl«ar .00
Point Reyes 55 ...
Portland ...1.29.74 78 64 S Clear .00
Red Uluff ....2».7O 80 CO W Pt Cldy .00
Roseburgr 29.70 80 40 NW Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.72 78 60 SW Clear Tr.
Salt Lake 29.82 82 62 8E Pt Cldy .00
San Francisco29.80 64 00 W Clear .00
S. U Oblspo. .29.86 68 56 8 Cloudy Tr.
San Diego ...29.84 70 66 W Pt Cldy .06
Seattle' 29 80 CO 44 NW Cloudy .00
Spokar.« 29.86 64 48 NE Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 29.76 60 48 E Cloudy" .08
Walla Walla.29.m C8 4« SE Pt Cldy .00
Wlnnomucca .29.78 80 40 SW Pt Cldy .00
Yuma 29.68 96 70 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
* FORECAST.
Gen«-rally cloudy and threatening weather
prevails"over ih« Pacific Slope. Light showers
have occurred at Sacramento. San Luis Oblspo,
San Diego, Carson City and Flagstaff and thun
derstorms are reported from San Luis Oblspo
and Flagstaff. !
The pressure has fallen west of the Rocky
Mountains', and a shallow area of low pres
sure ov«rlies California.
The temperature has fallen In the Sacra
mento valley and remained nearly stationary In
other districts.'
Forecast made at San Francisco for 80 hour*
piidiner midnight, October l>, 1904:
Northern California: Cloudy Thursday with
showers ;• light eouthwest wind.
Southern California: Cloudy Thursday with
showers; light southwest wind.
Nevada: Cloudy Thursday with showers.
San Francisco and vicinity: Probably show
ers Thursday; light southwest wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity: Probably show
ers Thursday; light southwest wind. '
Sacramento and vicinity: Probably showera
Thursday. • . "•
Fresno and vicinity: Probably ahowera
Thursday.
G. H. WTLLSON.
Local Forecaster, temporarily In charge.
•J h
James Naismlth, from Manila.
BANDON-Sailed Oct 5— Stmr Elisabeth, for
San Francisco.
Sailed Oct 5—Stmr Chico, for San Francisco,
via Cooa Bay.
TACOMA —Arrived Oct 6—Ger ship Alde
baron, from Newcastle, Eng; gtmr San Mateo,
hence Sent 30. • • - • - v ¦
Sailed Oct 5 —Stmr Leelanaw. for San Fran-
TATOOSH ISLAND—Passed out Oct o— •
Stmr Leelanaw. - from Tacoma, for San Fran
cisco; bktn Gardiner City, from Tacoma, for
San Francteco. . - .
Passed in Oct 6—Stmr Tamplco, hence Oct
2 for Seattle. .
PORT LOS ANGELES—Sailed Oct 5—Schr
Chas E Falk. for Grays Harbor.
SOUTH BEND—Arrived Oct 8—Bktn Echo,
from Honolulu. J ...
SAN. DIEGO—Sailed Oct 6—Schr Bertie
Minor, for Eureka.' . -
SAN PEDRO—Arrived Oct 6— Btmra Che
halls and Santa Monica, hence Oct 3.
Sailed Oct 5 —Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka;
stmr Prentlss. for San Francisco. •
GRAYS HARBOR—Sailed Oct 5—Schr W F
Wltzeman. for San Pedro:' achr Sequoia, for
Ban Francisco. .
. Arrived Oct 6 —Stmr Coronado, hence Oct 1.
ISLAND PORTS. ' .' .
HONOLULU —Arrived Oct 8 —Stmr Sonoma,
hence Sept 29. »
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA—Arrived Oct 4—Stmr
Branch Hyflrographic Office, • U. 8. 2C., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
October 6, 1904. .%VfPC*ag£*"fc2*4sffewaK!
The Time Ball on the <¦ tower of the Fe—y
building wu dropped exactly. at noon to-day —
l. *.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
Time Ball.
Left the Gas Jet Open.
George F. Crewdson, an elderly man
frcm Santa Rosa, who was viMting his
married daughter at her residence, 967
Mission street, left the gas Jet open
When about to retire Tuesday night.
The smell of the aras attracted the at
tention of the occupants of the house,
who found Crewdson in an uncon
scious condition on the bed.
He was removed to the Emergency
Hospital. He has a good chance for
recovery.
Tries Suicide With Chloroform.
Dauiel McLeod, an iron worker
rooming at 1658 Market street, bought
10 cents' worth of chloroform yester
day afternoon and after bidding his
wife good-by went into an upstaira
room and drunk It.
His fall to the floor attracted the
attention of his wife, who summoned
the ambulance from the Emergency
Hospital.
To all appearance the man was
dead, but Dr. Kucich of the hospital
staff Fucceeded in reviving him.
McLeod's wife claimed that her hus
band had been acting queerly for sev
eral weeks.
Another Carload of Trunks,
Valises and dress suit cases Just ar
rived — carload rates save money and
ynu get the benefit. Lowest prices and
best goods. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741
Market street. .->• ,
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, Oct. 6.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 20 hours from
Eureka.
Btmr Aurelia, Erlckson, 77 hours from Port
land.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, 7 hoars from
Pert Rodgers.
Stmr Newport, Corning, 5 hours from
Pigeon Point..
Stmr Brooklyn. Carlson, 15 hours from Men
docino.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, 15 hcurs frcm Caspar;
bound south; put in to land passengers.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, 7 daya from Port
land, via Coos Bay 3»-4 days and Eureka 2
days. »
Stmr "Newport, Trask. 20 days 23 nours and
44 minutes from .Ancon and way ports.
Stmr Mandalay, Smith, 28 hours from
Eureka.
Ship Llewellyn J Morse, Marshall, 16 days
from Fort Wrangell.
Bark Kauilani, Colly, 26 days from Hono
lulu.
Bktn Fullerton. Nielsen, 35 dayi from
Kahulul.
Schr Zampa. Kallenberg, 6 days from Co
lumbia River.
Ger EChr' Neptun, Schmidt, 35 days from
Jalult.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, 6 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, Oct. 5.
Stmr Bonita. Preble. San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Btea— ishiii Company.
Stmr Rosecran*. Johnson, Honoolulu, via
Gaviota; Matson Navigation Company.
Stmr State of California, . Thomas, San Di
ego; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Schr Sophie Christenson, Lunvaldt, Santa
Rosalia; Compagnie du Boleo.
SAILED.
SPOKEN.
Wednesday, Oct. 5.
Stmr Breakwater. S*aman, Coos Bay.
Stmr F A Xilburn, Thompson, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Maggie, Eagles, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Eureka, Jensen, Eureka.
Stmr Rival, Fosen, Iversons Landing.
Slmr Samoa, Madscn, Caspar.
Stmr Central la, Erlccson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Aberdeen. Hansen. Astoria.
Stmr Roeecrans, Johnson, Honolulu, via
Gaviota.
Stmr Gualala, Kalntn. Westport. .
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, Eureka.
Stmr Jeanle, Bartlett. Seattle and Tacoma.
Stmr Araro, Dunham, Eel River points. .
Stmr Signal. Bendegaard. Coos Bay.
Stmr Arctic Nelmc >n,- Eurexa.
Br nhin Heiensburgh, Jefferson, Leith.
Bktn Georsrlna, Lorenz, Puget Sound.
Bktn Arago. Semsen, Wlllapa Harbor.
Echr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, Eoltnas.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Conflanza, Johnson, Notleys Landing.
Sloop Restless, Pratech. San Diego.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Oct 1— Lat 22 25 N, long 74 22 W, itmr
Advance, from New York, for Colon.
Oct 2— Lat 34 40 N, long 73 W, stmr Minne
sota, from Norfolk, for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 5, 10 p m — Weather
cloudy: wind SW; velocity 12 miles per haur.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
NOYO — Sailed Oct 6— Schr Expansion ' for
Manila.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 5— Stmr Lakme.
hence Oct 3; »tmr South Bay, hence Oct 8;
stmr Corona, hence Oct 4.
NEWPORT BEACH— Sailed Oct 5— 8chr
Lottie Carson, for Eureka. .
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Jefferson.,
from Skagway. Oct 6— Stmr City of Puebla, for
San Francisco.
Sailed Oct 4 — 8tmr City ¦ of Seattle, for
Skagway. ¦ •
Arrived Oct 5, 10:80 a m— Stmr Umatilla,
hence Oct 2. •• .
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Iaqua. for
San Francisco. ¦" '•-':.. - <
WESTPORT— Arrived Oct 5— Stmr ; Navarro,
from Delmar. :¦: . ' -
Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Westx>ort, hence ¦ Oct 4. .
Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Navarro, for San Fran
cisco. ¦¦¦ }•'— •¦'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -•¦,.- .¦.-.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Oct 4— Bark
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TO ARRIVE. :
Steamer. From. | Due. :
Elizabeth Coqullle River Oct. 6
I Santa Rosa. . San Diego A Way Pts. Oct. 6
i Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena Oct. 6 ¦
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.. . . Oct. 6 '
San Pedro San Pedro Oct. 6 j
Chico Coqullle River Oct. 7 I
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 7 <
Calif orntan..* New York via Coronel. Oct. 7 !
Kedor.do Portland & Astoria, ... Oct. 7 '
] Amer. Mam.. China & Japan Oct. 8 '
• Leelanaw Tacoma Oct. 8 '
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf ord Oct. 8 I
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 8 '
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 8 «
Corona Humboldt Oct. 8
Newburg.... Grays Harbor Oct. 9
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma .... Oct. 9
Argo Eel River Ports Oct. 9
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 9
1 Breakwater.. Coos Bay Oct. 9
• Cheballs San Pedro Oct. 10
S.Monica...- San Pedro Oct. 10 1
! Ventura Sydney & Way PorU.. Oct. 10
{ State of Cal.. San Diego * Way Pts. Oct. 10 1
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor Oct. 10
' Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor Oct. 10 '
I Pomona Humboldt Oct. 11
I Porno Point Arena & Albion.. Oct.. 11 '
j Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 11
'• Bonita * Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 11 «
j Mai-.posa Tahiti Oct. 12
: Umatilla Puget Sound Ports .... Oct. 13 '
! City Peking. . New York via Ancon. Oct. 13
I Ammon I Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 13 '
, Rainier j Seattle & Bellingham.. Oct. 14 *
! China China & Japan Oct. 14
i Nlcaria I Seattle Oct. 15 4
1 Alliance .! Portland &. Way Ports. |Oct. 17
' TO SAIL. ~
__ i
. Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
¦ _____________ _____ _____ j
October 6.
{Homer Humboldt 6 pm Pier 8 ]
; G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 20
j San Pedro. . Humboldt 12 m Pier 2 '
; Porno. ..... Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
'< State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11 •
1 Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
I Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 11 am Pier 16
Octobar 7.
! Itontara. . . Seattle direct .... 4 pm Pier 11
. F. Legrett. Los Angeles PorU. 12 m Pier 2
! Norwood... Seattle direct 3 pm Pier 2 '
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
' Abydoe I Hamburg & Way.. 10 am Pier 19 *
Siberia j China & Japan. ... 1 pm Pier 40
j Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
• Pomona 1 Humboldt l:30pPler 9 ,
October 8.
Aurelia.... Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Alameda Honolulu 11 ampler 7
City Sydney N. Y. via Ancon... 12 m Pier 40
Arc ata Coos B. & Pt. Arfd 12 m Pier 13
Point Arena Point Arena ....... 4 pm Pier 2
October 9. |
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amiPier 24
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 10.
! S. Monica... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
I Chehalis... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2 (
) Chico Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Eureka.... I Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
(Corona j Humboldt l:30i>Pier 9
i Cook Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
: j October 11.
' Ara-o Eel River Ports... 4 pmlPIer 2
! Breakwater Coos Bay direct 6 pmlPler 8
! Redondo. .. A*toria Sc Portland 1 pmlPler 2
October 13.
I Arctic Hwmboldt 9 pm Pier 2
t City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
j October 13.
i Sequoia Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
• Mongolia... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Kewburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
I G. Lindauer Grays Harbor .... 1 pm Pier 2 j
; October 14.
i Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20 s
Coronado... Grayi Harbor 4 pm Pier 10 I
Columbia.... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24 I
October 15. | .
Newport... N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
October 17.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9 »
raoM~SEAyn,E. ~~~
Two more vessels have failed to arrive in
port when due and are posted for reinsurance.
The first is the ship Gaetano Casabona. 101
days from Sydney to Table Bay. The rein
surance . Is 5 per cent. The other vessel la
the ship Dorothea Hamelln, 180 days • from
Australia to Falmouth, England, reinsurance
10 per cent. The schooner Advance is still
out. 63 daya from the Mississippi to Vene
zuela, and is probably • lost. Her reinsurance
has gone up to 35 per cent. The ship Shake
speare. - from tha west coast of South America
to Barbadoes. ¦ is out 130 days, with a rein
surance of 5 p«r cent.
Two More Overdues.
Harry 8. Scott, who has been relieved by
orders from Washington as quartermaster pur
veyor on the United States army transport
dock, will be succeeded by M. 3. Flynn, a
freight clerk in the service. Scott states that
he resigned and .that hl« leaving the service
Is in no way connected with the recent Hud
son-McKenzle affair, which Involved an al
leged charging of a fee. fo r transport Jobs by
an employment agent named Welch. .
Harry Scott Retires.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER g.
Sun rises 6:09
Sun Ffts 0*-43
Moon rises ' 2:55 a. in.
D Time iTimel |Time] |Time
£ I Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft.
» L W| |H W| |L W( |H W
*6 2:45 0.4! 9:17 5.31 3:00 1.4 9:18 5.3
7 3:26 O.ti! U:oC, 5.4 10:16 5.4 0:10 5.4
8 4:08 0.8 10:35 6.6 4:40 0.4111:22 5.4
9 4:52 1.111:14 5.6 5:27 0.0
H W L W H W L W
10 0:07 5.4 6:34 1.5 11:52 5.7 6:14—0.1
11 1:05 5.1 6:17 1.9'l2:32 6.7 7:05—0.2
12 2:00 4.8 7:02| 2.4| 1:15! 5.5 8:001—0.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
Mourn While Food Lasts.
The schooner Neptune. Captain H. Schmidt,
from Jalult. in the Caroline Islands, arrived
yesterday with fifty-one tons of copra. She
reports ao— e rough weather and high seas,
which shifted water tanks and damaged the
patent log. The Neptune left this port last
January fc nd has visited many place* in the
South Pacific. The famous chief and faithful
friend of the white men. Murrlgel, recently
dird on the island of Maloelab, one of the
Marshall group. The burial ceremony of the
•-¦ f. -i man was mott elaborate. The natives
gathered from all the islands that bad been
under his Jurisdiction, and the mourning for
the deceased chief continued as long as there
»a* food provided for them. Then they dried
their tears, got in their canoes and went home.
On J5*r>tember SKI it was found that the
patent log did not work. It was hauled in
and the discovery w«ts made that its propeller
blades }_d been crushed between the Jawa of
a large fish, the marks of 1U teeth ixtmg
plainly visible on the blades.
United States Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday ordered the deporta
tion of Wong: Gee on the ground that
he is unlawfully in the country.
AVor.gr was arrested by the Federal
authorities on June 7 of this year
immediately upon his release from the
San Quentin penitentiary at the expi
ration of a seven years' imprisonment
for an assault with intent to commit
murder. Wong was without a cer
tificate of registration, as required by
the exclusion act. He said that when
he was sent to prison his certificate
was stolen from his room. Applica
tion for a duplicate was made to the
Department of Commerce and Labor,
but it v.as refused on the ground that
Wong had been convicted of a felony
«nd should be deported.
Shipment of Crude Oil.
The tank eteamer Rosecrans was cleared
yesterday for Honolulu via Gaviota with 5000
barrels of crude oil In bulk, valued at $7000.
At Gaviota the steamer will load 19.000 barrels
of crude oil and 50 drums distillate, valued
at 1 25, 700.
WOXG GEE MUST
BE DEPORTED
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French ehlp Crillon (at Portland) was
chartered prior to arrival for wheat thence
to Europe at 27s 6d (Is 3d less direct).
The bark James Nesmlth is chartered for
lumber from Puget Sound to Sydney at 33s
9d, with option of Melbourne or Adelaide at
40s: echooner Matthew Turner, came business
from Grays Harbor to Sydney at 30s 6d. op
tion of Melbourne at 37a — both chartered prior
to arrival. . ..
WEATHER REPORT.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge,
Sun. Moon and Tidr.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The hi*h and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlselon-Rtreet wharf) about 1!5
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
American, from Hllo.
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Allanca,
from Colon.
Sailed Oct 4 — Stmr Yucatan, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TAHITI — Arrived- Sept 20 — Stmr Maripcsa,
hence Sept 14.
TIENTSIN— Arrived Oct 3— Br stmr Caith
ness, from Port Townsend.
VENTNOR— Passed Oct 3— Br ship Pytho
mene, from Antweru/for Oregon. [ l" ; •'• • ¦
SINGAPORE— Sailed Oct 3 — Span stmr Isla
de Panay. for Liverpool.
NEWCASTLE. AUS— Sailed Oct 4— Schr F
M Slade. for Hllo.
CORONEL — Arrived Oct 3 — Stmr Hawaiian,
from Honolulu, and Bailed Oct 6 for Delaware
Breakwater.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 5— Stmr .Prince* s
Irene, from Naples; stmr Graf Waldersee. from
Hamburg, via Boulogne and Dover; stmr Ma
jestic, from LlverDool. ,
Sailed Oct 5 — Stmr Baltic, from Liverpool;
stmr Potsdam, from Rotterdam, via Boulogne;
stmr Nord Amerika. from Naples and Genoa.
1 LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 5— Stmr Fries
land, from Philadelphia: stmr Ivernia, from
Boston.
Sailed Oct 5 — Stmr Haverford, for Philadel
phia; stmr Coralshman. for Portland; stmr
Oceanic for New York, via Queenstown.
GLASGOW — Arrived Oct 5 — Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York.
NAPLES— Sailed Oct 5— Stmr Prlnz Oekar,
for New York.
HONGKONG — Arrived nrevious to Oct 6 —
Stmr Manchuria, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu and Yokohama.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Oct C — Stmr Kron
prinz Wllhelm. from Bremen and Southamp
ton, for New York.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Oct 5 — Stmr Deutsch
land, from New York.
THE WELL KNOWN AND FAVORITE BARK KAIULANI, WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY FROM HONOLULU IN BALLAST
AND SITTING HIGH OUT OF THE WATER. SHE IS TO BE LOADED BY WILLIAMS, DIMOND & CO. WITH A GENER
AL CARGO OF MERCHANDISE FOR THE ISLANDS. .
Water Front Notes.
The new steam schooner Helen P. Drew bas
been taken to Adams wharf to finish discharg
ing her cargo of lumber. She will go to the
Fulton Iron Works to receive her engines and
boilers.
The cruiser Marblehead has a new Bteam
launch Just sent down from Mare Island, to
take the place of the old boat recently wrecked
by an explosion of the boiler.
Bark Kaiulani Arrives.
The pretty American bark Kaiulani arrived
yesterday morning. 26 days from Honolulu.
Being in ballast, "she fits high out of the
water. She will take on a cargo of merchan
d_e for the islands for Williams. Dlmond
& Co.
Harbor Commission Meets.
At a meeting of the Board of State Harbor
Commissioners yesterday afternoon the dam
age* done to Broadway wharf No. 2 by the
steamer Santa Cruz. August 31. was esti
mated to be $154 41.
The Union Iron Works protest against the
construction of coal bunkers in Central Basin.
Federal Inspectors Bulger and Bolles recom
mend that the boiler of the State tug Gov
ernor Irwln be taken out of the vessel for
examination, as It has been reported to be in
bad condition.
In San Francisco, L*os Angeles, Sac
ramento, MaTysville, Portland, Taco
ma and Seattle, members of the Pa
cific Coast Jobbers' and Manufactur
ers' Association, assembled yesterday
for the purpose of selecting members
of the executive board of the associa
tion who will conduct the business for
the next twelve months..
Each of the local cities mentioned is
entitled to select its own representa
tives in the executive board. In two
weeks the men so picket out for ac
tive work will meet in this city, elect
officers for the year and map out a
programme of work to be performed.
The committee members from this
city will be H. D. Loveland, Charles
Holbrook, Wakefteld Baker, Brace
Hayden. W. K. Wheeler, Adolph
Mack, A- C. Rulofson, E. R. Lilien
thal, H. J. Morton, A. G. Towne, I. F.
Littleneld. Edward Everett and J. O.
Harron.
H. D. Loveland, the president of the
association, summed up the work of
the last year in an annual report that
was submitted yesterday to the mem
bers. The most important work that
has been accomplished was reported
to be the restoration of the Milwaukee
differentials. Extensive correspond
ence was carried on with the traffic
officials of the northern railway lines
and this resulted in the issuance of a
tariff which re-established the differ
entials between carload and less than
carload rates, which are practically
the same as those that are and have
been in effect, to California terminals.
If the low defferentials had remained
operative on the northern roads the
California roads might have been
compelled to adopt the same low dif
ferentials and bo have opened up the
entire Pacific Coast to the Eastern
jobbers and manufacturers.
The association strongly opposed
the parcels post service bill, publish
ing and circulating 10,000 copies of a
pamphlet regarding that matter, the
opposition being based on the fact
that the parcels poet service would di
vert to the large department stores in
Eastern cities hundreds of thousands
of dollars that are now annually ex
pended in purchases made from lo
cal merchants doing business on the
Pacific Coast- The Congressmen and
I'nited States Senators from the Pa
cific Coast were also addressed by the
association on this' subject.
Mr. Love land urged upon the mem
bers to continue to support the asso
ciation because its existence is a pro
tection to the business men of the Pa
cific Coast and adds hundreds of thou
sands of dollars to the business trans
acted by Pacific Coast merchants
every vear.
The Pacific Mail steamer Newport
arrived yesterday, twenty-one days
from Panama and way ports. She
brought fourteen cabin passengers and
twenty-five people in the steerage; 831
tons of cargo and $57,763 In treasure-
One of the passengers was Sir James
Talbot Powers, baronet, who is trav
eling around the world.
Soon after leaving Acapulco. Mexico,
the Newport encountered one of the
coast gales like that which sent the
Colima and other pood ships to destruc
tion. For almost three days and nights
the seas piled over the vessel, flooding
not only the lower, but the upper decks.
The steamer rolled like a cask and no
passenger ventured out of his state
room during the duration of the tem
pest, nor was the bridge, the highest
point in the vessel's structure, free
frcm the stormy waves. Much of the
time during the gale the captain was
lashed in his lookout to prevent his
being washed overboard. Several per
sons were slightly injured by being
hurled against a bulkhead.
The cabin passengers were as fol
lows:
Sir Jam** Talbot Powers. George A. MtHer,
John G. Marino. B. Speed. A. Marchlsni. Dr.
Juan Garcia, R. Haas Newton Wolf, Gerard
E. 'Ward. W. S. Beard. R. A. Leals, W. C.
Parshbaker. Miss Alejandra Douglas.
REPOBTS ABE FILED
Principal Accomplishment of
Year is Having North Put
Differentials Into Effect
Heavy Seas Sweep Over
Vessel, Damaging
Lifeboats.
Pacific Coast Jobbers' and
Manui acturers'Body Makes
Up Yearly Executive Board
PACIFIC MAIL STEAMSHIP NEWPORT
ARRIVES AFTER A TEMPESTUOUS TRIP
SEVEN CITIES
NAME MEMBERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER ; 6, 1904.
7
FREE FREE FREE.
TEA — • ¦¦¦¦¦¦ - ¦
— — -GARDEN ''¦-
"'-'•'•" '""'" '' : DRIPS.
A QUART CAN OF SYRUP
For the table. Upon this prod-
uct the Pacific . Coast Syrup Co.
has built its reputation.
A CAN FREE
WITH WANT- ADS
IN THE SUNDAY 1C ALL.
. , See announcement on classi-
' fied page., '.¦¦'.; \' : .. . ¦ V' ;> .¦;;'
ADV^TlS-aiENTS.
— '" ' . — — ¦— s— n | Positirely cured by
f*AI7TTDC thc9e jLlttle Pill8>
i wM H I L l\ 0 t^ef - 30 "Meve Dls-
wsb— | tres3 from Dyspepsia, In-
a^ffSJTYLE digestion and Too Hearty
i Wa B \/ F R Eating. A perfect rem-
i H V 8_ l\ nCy for Dizziness, Nausea.
i ill PILLS. Drows — ess. Bad T_ste
j HH ggg In the Mouth, Coated
i||gB|gj_|gi Tongue. Paln'ln the Side.
: l|a — I —™ M ', ITORPID UVER. Ttey
¦egulate tbo Bo~els. Purely VegataWe.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE, SMALL PRICE.
AOTciftl CURE SICK HEADACHE.
Arilcna , n
Kittle Genuine Must Bear
flVER Fao-Simile Signature
_-_dPSM_A WEHt\HDWOM£».
<_CK_SP^C1_£S^^£| Ci«BUOforaanatcral
itBSay i» t to > _n.VJB dlichargii.lneatumationa,
MBSff ttsara bhk a Irritations or nlciratioae
MmW aat u tttUtan. of mucous membraaea.
JP 1 «fl f— we- Co»u»)»«. Painltn, and not utrta-
|7JlTHlE?*]l8CHEHI___. fint or poitonou*.
\f^k GIW!!i»ATl,O. j^S «•!« »T Oraniala,
D»B> *? ___™ or Mat laiPlaln —Tapper.
jWE»«M_. by exprcii. prepaid, fOC
•! -00. or * MtU*e W.7».
"• MSjg3@gP~i IF ~ circular sent «s teQoeat-
RAILWAY TRAVE1-
IVIt. Tam alpais Rai lway
It. Saa ?r— dies _*_S__Bk. ¥' 8 * a '"_£?__
P*Ji ___7 L _JkS! 2Sh "Sttiiaji ¥k.Da;i"
8:25a f__SS5_s8B liitOr *10:50a
9:50a 0:50a \B^^B» 3:55r 3:55r
iTd's'p" i';45p elggp '""eTaa'p
8»tard»Ti 4:35i« UturtaT* ll:13p
, »T_ Crarity far KtTaaalya&teKUTanay.
: ncilt i 650 Mark— r ST^(North Shore Railroadf
UllOt J and Sadsauto Fbxjly, Foot Market St.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlotiron Perry — Toot of Market Street.
SAW 7KAKOISCO TO SA1T BAPAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. — .; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUXDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. — .; l:3O, 3:3O.
6:00. 0:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAFAEL TO SAW 7BAHOZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:O5. 7:»3. 7:6O, 8:2O. 11:15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:06. 5:06, 6:25 p. m. ,
Leave 1 In Effect I Arrive ,
San —ranclsco. \Oct. 2. 1904. | San Francisco.
. Week j Sun- I " ~|~Sun- I Week
Daya. | days. | Destination. | daya. | Daya.
7:80a— 8:00am 0:10am 8:40am
0:30am Ignaclo 10:40am 10:20am
3 :30pm 3:30pm ti :06pm S :20pm
5:10pm 6:00pm 7:3opm
7:80am 0:10am 8:40a—
8:00am Nova to 10:40am 10:2Oam
3:S0pm 0:30am Petaluma 6:05pm 6:20pm
5:10pm 3:30pm and 7:35pm
5:00pm Santa Rosa
7:30am 10:40am 10:20am
8:00am Fulton 7:35pm 6:20pm
3:30pm 3:30pm (
Windsor I
7:30am 8:00am Healdsburs 10:40am 10:20am
• Lytton
3:80pm S:80pm Geyservllle' 7:33pm 6:20pm
« . Cloverdale
7:30am I S.OOaml Hopland |10:4Oam|10:2Oam
a:30pm| 3:30pm| and Uklah 1 7:35pm| 6:20pm
j I Wllllta and I |
7:80am| 8:00a— i| Sherwood | 7 :35pm | 6:20pm
7:3©am| 8:00am| )10:4Oam|10:20am
3 :30pm | 3 :30pm [ Quernevllle 1 7 :35pm I 6:20pm
7:3Oam| 8:00am I Sonoma I 0:10am| 8:40am
5:10p— i| 5 :00pm [ Glen Ellen I 6:03pm! o:20p~
~7:8Oam| 8 :00am I |10:40am|10:20am
3:80pm| 3:30pm! Sebastopol | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Spring* : at Lytton ror
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skar~i
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Bocne-
Yllle and Greenwood : at Hopland (or Duncan
Spring*. Highland Springs, KelseyvUle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport, Bartlett
Springs and Lake Co. Hot Springs; at Uklah
for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Up-
per Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside. ' Lierly's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrln
Heights, Hullville, Orr'a Hot Springs. Halfway
House Comptche. Hopkins, Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Wllllts
for Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood for Fort
Bragg, Canto, Covelo. Laytonville. Cum -
i mings Bell's Springs. Harris, Hubbard. FTult-
; land. Dyer. Garberville, Camp 5. Pepperw ood.
Scotia and Eureka. • ¦
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 65O Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIEJR. R. X. RYAN. I
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
H To SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY.
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERa Etc.
?U SausaXlto rerry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, daily, at t7:05,
7:45. 8:25, 9:10. 9:50, 11:00 a. m .; 1:45,3:15,
4:35, 3:1% 6:50, 6:30. 7:15, 0:00 and 11:33
p. m. '
Arrive at- San Francisco, dally, at tfl:4O.
7:35, 8:15. 8:50. 9:35. 10:60 a. m.; 1:30 2:56.
1 .4:25. 8:06. 5:42. 0:22. 6:fi7. 7:40 and 11:12
p. m. . . , .
"t Dally excrDt Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:45 a. m.; also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m., and dally except Satur-
day and Sunday at 6:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
8:15 p. m., Saturdays only — For Cazadero,
etc. . . . .
5:15 p. —..'dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for To— lalea. • etc. ¦ > ¦
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market »t-- - - I
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market it. 1
1} CALIFORN I A gj
HLfMITED TO CHICAGO i
H LEAVES U01DATS and JHQRSQ1TS 8
Bat O:3O a. m- t_xony_ la 3 daj-s,B
H- rltli diner ana all t— ayptnr*. J
Other Santa "• Txatut
a -to li Sll for Stockton. F— sno. Bakersfleld.
9^00 p. m.J Merced. Hanfor* aad V laalla.
4:00 p. m . for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Cblcazo.
TICKET OrrcCIIS— 641 Market St. and
renry Depot. S. ~. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 27 Soata Pint St-
Saa Joae.
v^^""ff_v Train a leave and are d«e
rr >^?jSy to »rrl~« at
h^l^H*l SAN FKANCISCO#
>SJ-5^ (Foot of Market Street.)
t»a-i - MAIN LINE. -Aaarra
7.00a VMftTllIa. WlaMrs. Buia»ey .— 7-ft0»
700a Beaieia. Elmlra and Sacramento.. 7.20*
7-30* Vallejo, Napa. Ctllstog*. SaaU
Hose. Martinez. Saa Ramon 8 20m
7 50a Hliea.Trac7. Latbrop, 8tocH:on .... T.2Q*
8.00A Sh««u Espreaa— (Via Darlt).
wmtim». ~ 'Illo-a, tFrnto. Red
BlaS. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7.50(»
I 00a Darls.— 'oodUnd. Rnttchts Laadias.
__; -aryiTlUe. On >-»tlle 7*60*
830a port Cocta, MarUaez. AaUoen.
Brroa, Tracy. Stockton. New-
man, Los Daaoa, Mendott.
Annoaa. Hanford. Yltalla.
._„ PorterrlHe 4.20^
8-30a ran Cotta, Modeito. Mereed.
Frnno, Goihen Jnnctton, Haa-
. m,~ ford. Vlialta. Balterifleld 4 50*
8 30a silen. Saa Jote, Lirerraore. 8tock>
ton, (tMiltoa). loaa. Sacrameata.
MaryiTtllo. Calco. Bed BlaS .... 4.ZQ"
8-30A Oakilale. Cntatie, Jameitowa. 8o-
aora. Taoln— ai and Anceli 4-zop
8 COa Atlantic Rzpreii— Ogden aad Kait. I.Z0*
8'30a Kichinond, Martlaes and Way
Sutloni LSOia
lOOOATha Oreriaad Limited — Ofdea.
Omaha, CBteago,DenTir,Kaa*ae
,__. City. St. Loali ••?°*
10.00a Vallejo 12JI0i»
10 00a to* Aarelci Paneacer — Port
Coata, Uarttaex. Byron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fretno. Qoihen Jnno-
ttoa, Haaford. Lemoore. VliaUa.
Bakenfleld. Loi Antelei 7.209
12.00m Hayward. Ntlei aad Way Butloat. J.20«»
ti-CO* ftaenmeato RlTer Steamari. HI. OOP
540P Beatela. Wiatera, SacrameatA.
Weodland. Kalghta Laadiac
Ma— riTllle, OroTllle aad way
autleaa 1050a
5-30p Harvard. N'll «• and Way Station*.. 7-60*
4 COP U trt!aex.S»u R»mon.V*lleJo,Nipa,
Cal1itoga,SaauRoia. 9 20a
4 00i» Nile*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 1020a
4«0p Hayward, Kilei. lrrtaftoa. Baal tS.SOA
... Joie. LtT«r-ore ) »1 1.50a
l-COPTao Owl Limited— Setmn, Loe
Baaoi, >I«adota.Treiao, Talara,
_, . Bakeriaeld.LoeAaseiei 8 50a
t* 30p Hayward, She* aad Haa Joae -»~ 7.20a
i-OOPUarward.KlleiandSaaJoie 8 50a
• XOp Eaitera Esstcm— Omaaa, Ckiea-*.
DenTe?. Kaaiaa City. St. Loalt,
Martlaei. Stockton. Sacrameato.
Col fax, Reno, Bparki, Toaopalt,
Kfc'rr. Orden 12.50»
¦.OOP Tallejo, 4»!ly, except danSay.... I T K n»
7X0p Tallejo. Sonday only f '•***
7 OOP Klcbmoad. Sin Ptblo. Port Cotta.
Maniaea aad Way Statloai 11.20a
t-OSPPart Coita, Martiaes. Byron,
Tr»ey, Lathroo. XI o J e 1 1 o.
Merced, Berenda, Freiao and
Way Stations beyond Port Coita 12-20P
8-CSp Toiemlte Valley. Tla Berenda and
Wawooa (Monday, Wednewlay
¦ aad Friday) -t... 8.50a
S.05PManine(.Tracy. Stockton 13-20*
• 06P Oneoa *> Callforala Kxpreia— Sao-
rameab). MaryiTllle, Roddlaf,
Pertlaad, Puce t Sound and Bait. 8.50 «
8.10* Hayward, Nllea aad Saa Joie (ina.
dayoaly).'. 11.10a
COAST LINE l.nrr.. tiu,.).
t (Toet ef Market Street.) t
. 8-1 S A Vewark.. Ceaterrtlle. Saa Jcee,
Felton. Boulder Creek, Saata
¦ Crax aad Way Statloaa .......... 8S5P
12.1 5p Kew ark, Ceaterrille, Saa Joia,
New Aim ad«a,Lei OatocPeltoa,
i'J : Boulder Creek. Saata Crux aad
Prteclpal Way Station! ttOSSA
4.15P Newark. Saa Jeee. Lea Gatoe...| *]g."f|^
. «9-30p Hantert* Train < Saturday only)—
Saa Joae aad Way Stathrai. «..:.. _7_Z5 —
COAST LINE ' (Braad UaateL
Or (third aaii Towaiead Street*.)
"' 6.10a San Joie and Wty Statloai. 8J0*
7 00a Saa Joie aad W»y Statloaa. B-40*
- 8 00a New Almadea (Ttiei.. Krld.. oaly). 4-18*
8.00a The Coaiter— Baa Jote. Saliaaa.
Saa Ardo, P_o Roblea. Santa
Margarita. Saa Luit Oblipo,
Gaadalnpe, GaTlota, Santa Bar- .
bara, Saa Duentrentara. Mon-
talro. Oxaard, B o r b » n 6, Lea
Angetei . 10-30*
8 00a Gllroy. Honister. Cattrottlle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Barf, Lorn -
po« 10-30*
8.00a Baa Jote. Tree Plaoe,WateonTnie,
Capitola. Santa Cm*. Paeiflo
: Grove. Saltaaa Saa Lull Oblipo
aad Prlnctp*: Way Station*. ... 4-IOp
1040a Saa Joie aad Way Statloaa. I.zOp
II JOa San Joae and Way SUtlon« 7.30t»
2.15p Ban Jo»ean<J—ar atationt ....... 8 31*
340* Del Monte Kxpreit— Santa Clara.
Baa Joee,Wati»nTllle, Santa .
Craz. Del Moats. Monterey,
Piictfle Grove. , 12-15*
tS-OOP Los Gstoi. Wrlirht. Bonlder Creek,
Santa Cras, rte Santa Clara aad
Narrow Gauge t10.45A
1J0> Valrmct* »t.. South Saa Frinciico,
BtirllDKtme. Saa . Joie, Gllroy,
Koltlster. TT*« Plao* 10.4*A
4 30p Pin Joae aad Way StaUom... t8.00A
fS~CP Saou Clara. 8«n Joae. Loe Gatoi,
aad principal Way SUtloai (ex-
cept Sanday) n.OOA
|530p SaoJotrandPrlnclpalWiTStiUoni t9-40A
1 4|p Suaaet Bxpreea.— KedwooV Saa
¦ Joie.Gllroy.Sallaaa.raeoBoblea,
Saa Laji Ohlape. Saau Barbara,
Lo« Angelca. Pemlar. Kl Paaov . . .
St.tosia.7rewOrieaaa.Xe— Tortc ft-ifi-
B.45P r«J*ro, WatiOBTllle. Capitola, "
Santa Cms. CaatroTtUe, Del
Moote. Pacific Grove i&JOp
tCISP 8aaMaiee.Bereaford.Belmoat.Saa
Carlo.. Ued wood, Fair Oaka. . ¦
Menlo Park. Palo Alto rt.4«.A
¦' IJOpSid Jcie and Way Statlona. 1.38a
8.00 p Pate Alto and Way Stattona iS.1Sa
11JOpSoatbSaaFraselaeo.Mnjbrae.Bt--
Ungame. Baa Mateo. Belm on«.
8aa Carloa. Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, aad Palo AIM 4_4Sa
«1130p M»y«eld. Mountain View, Sunny- I<MW '
vale, La-rence, Saata Clara aad ''
»«»*¦— '—••• ---.-¦: — -t«.48i»
A for Morale*-. ¦¦ : r(or_ftano«_ -
1 Bandar axcepted. t Snndar only
. 4 Satarday ealy. . .- o Monday ra*r ' -
Jfttoye at all itaUoai ea Saa«%_.
FREE FREE FREE
TEA i
— ¦ GARDEN —
= DRIPS.
A QUART CAN OF SYRUP
For the table. Upon this prod-
uct the Pacific Coast Syr up Co.
has built its reputation.
A CAN FREE
WITH WANT ADS
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied page.
The Only Double-Track Rillviy Between
the Missouri River and Chicago.
The
Limited
The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily Without change, via
Southern Pacific,
•Union Pacific and I
Chicago & North-Western Rys.
Leaves __ FrancUco dally at 10 a. m.
Two other train* dally at 9 a. — . and
6 p. ra. . .
For tickets, sleeping car resemtions and
full information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or
R. B. RITCHIE.
CeaenI Agent Chicago & N'orth-Westen i tunny.
617 Marker Street. I
SAff FRANCISCO, CAL. I
,_RABLWAY TRAVEL.
The ideal time to go East
is during the Indian Summer.
Union-Southern
, . . I ft? _ajk _H_*_ 4p~l Jink.
rdClllC
t
Very low round trip rates to all points. Choice of /
routes returning.
To CHICAGO and return, $ 72.50 via. St. Louis
To ST. LOUIS and return. $67.50 direct
i —————————————————————————————————————————————————————
SALE DATES:
October 3, 4, 5, 6, 19, 20, 26, 27.
Let me arrange all your trip for you.
Write or call
S. ~. BOOM, Oen. Aft- XT. ~. B. BU
X Montgomery St.,
\ Or Any Southern Pacific Afftat.ggN'TUCKT OIRli 'WHO TTCL1»
SPEAK IN INDIANA FOR THB
DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE.
Among the Latest Offerings of the Funny Fellows.
Pkstel fawn gloves are attractive
with v dresses of brown, • castor or tan
color, or < with . dark green.
tracts '"from it and''u3e;lt'u ; a cam
paign; docume'nt_ajfainst_him ! "f^Chlca
go "Tribune..; ~ ,, ¦ ;" ' .- . .'
'Job had given utterance to his mem
orable wish that his adversary had
written, a book. . .
••Because'.", " as he explained to Bll
dad. the Shuhite, "I could , print ex-
¦Fewer' In. Those Days.
One of the St. Louis boodlers, who now pulls the long, face and
says he repents of his crimes, declares in his "confession" that among
themselves the ring had "a high code of morals !" It is the : old
Newer than the four-in-hand is a
Iliien 1 cravat looping once at the throat
and knotting a little further down.
IilXKX CRAVAT.
"Just : before » I went away," said the
returned traveler, "your uncle Richley
was ' ¦ taken seriously ill. I hope It
turned: out all • right." .
¦" "Oh : yes, of .. course," replied the
nephew- " 'Tiidn't • you ; notice what a
swell • .black - suit \ this * Is?"— Catholic
Standard arid Times.
.The Beneficiary.
How the little grains of diplomatic sand heap up to make a
happy land! Here a British under-secretary turns on more steam
in his automobile than he should and the springs of the State De
partment on this side and the Home Office across the water are
set in violent agitation.
"I have come to tell you, sir, that the
photographs which you took of us; the
other day are not at all. satisfactory.
Why, my little boy looks like an ape!"
"Well, madam, you '-;' should ¦; have
thought of that ..before ; : you had him
taken!" — London {Answers. •
Foftnd It Out Too rate.
White, putty color and pale gray
cloths make the smarter coats; and
white cloth withm faint tinge of palest
blue, known as zinc white, Is extraor
dinarily fashionable. Touches of color
are often admitted in narrow cuffs and
revers.
COLORS FOR COATS.
Tommy was telling his mother about
the wonderful things he saw at the
country fair.- When he claimed to have
seen a monster pig that was bigger
than -his father his mother accused
him of exaggerating.
"It Is • impossible," she said.— New
York Press.
Poor Dad!
"How did her parents come to choose
a literary career for Arabella?"
"Well, she didn't -turn • out quite
right. They were afraid she didn't have
ability enough ' to be an ordinary wife
and mother.!'— Life.
Eminently Fitted.
NOT IN THE BOOKS— U. V., San
Rafael. Cal. None of the books of ref
erence make mention of the original use
of the expression "The Eight Hun
dred," nor do the dictionaries of nick
names, etc., contain the name "Great
Boots." Thl3 correspondent wishes to
know what "The Eight Hundred" de
notes and to whom "Great Boots" wa3
applied. Can any of the readers of this
department enlighten him?
Cheap Sport.
"I see," said the friend to the First
Nighter,; "that you have given the same
ring to Flossie that you got back with
so much trouble from Flora. "
: "Yes," yawning wearily, "I killed two
birds with one stone, dontcherknow,
then."— New Orleans Picayune.
"I dunno," said Uncle Eben, "whether
dese eyre Ygorrotes will ever be civil
ized or not, but dey has de correct
idea about how to dress in summer."
—Washington Star.
Proper.
LIFE SAVING STATION-R. N. B..
Oakland, Cal. Practice with the surf
lifeboats at the station at the western
end of Golden Gate Park in San Fran
cisco Is had on each Tuesday, shortly
before noon.
Their whiskers, regardless of
the^color and cut. ' .'
Their ability to make feminine
hearts^ palpitate on" first acquain
tance. —
: Their skill with fishing tackle.
Their skill r with gun and. dog.
Their, ability to keep their tem
pers when their wives lose theirs.
'. Their dignity, except 'during = a
ball game or a hot campaign;- "
Their alleged ability to pick the
winning horses. '•', ' , .,
Their narrow escapes in all the
walks, alleys and byways of . life.
A bull pup. t
•Their chest measurement.
' Their small boys' fighting rec
ords.;/; :'...<', . ¦ . : \ .
Their own fighting . records.
Their superiority over their ;
wives in the matter, of. judgment.
Their party (unless ¦ they are ;
turned down at the primaries).
I Their church (or . rather the...
one. their wives belong to).
_ Their pedigree, no. matter how
bad it- is. :•;.' •. • «¦-- „.'. ' "
MEN ARE PROUD (OF—
j Ella— Bella told me that you told her
that secret I told you not to tell her.
Stella— She's a mean thing! I told her
not to tell you I told her.
. Ella— Well. -I told her I wouldn't tell
you 'told me so: so don't tell her I did.
—The Jester.- .
Three Women and One Secret.
"No, but the horse did the first time
I hitched him up."— Detroit Free. Press.
'^ ''. They're ( Off. >•;:
"Did Wilkey get away with you on
that horse dicker?"
VOTES— O., Oakland, CaL No one
can tell from the number of electors
registered in the different States what
the popular vote for President will be.
Answers.
In France you cannot help being
struck with the smartness and great
simplicity of the tailor made gowns,
fitting into the figure and the waist,
especially those with long basque; the
three-quarter basque has come to stay,
says the Queen-. The basque rounding
tc the curve of the waist and marking
the hips" falls into every movement of
the wearer lind the straight line In
front is not exaggerated. Sometimes
there. is a seam at the waist, but more
often not, but in many the basque and
the coat are cut in one. In Paris per
fect neatness is essential, but while
thfe tailor made is simple the checked
silks, eollennes and the thin cashmeres
are all picture gowns with more or
less elaboration of detail.
PARIS GOWNS SIMPLE.
' It is a mistake to let white gloves
become really dirty.
IN the comprehensive "Review of the World's Commerce!'' recently
issued by the Department of Commerce and Labor,- mention is
made of a unique method of national advertising in vogue among
the largest of the European industrial nations — that of the floating
exposition. According to the methods of this novel plan of exploita
tion a large boat, chartered by a chamber of commerce or the mer
chants of any great manufacturing community, is fitted out with
every facility for the display of products and sent upon a cruise to
the most likely markets among European seaports. The entire ex
pense of the expedition is met by the rents paid for apportionments
of space by individual exhibitors, and the profits accrue from the
expanded markets secured by thus bringing samples to the very
doors of the consumers.
To Americans who have always prided themselves upon their
advertising ability and the ingenuity of their bids for trade this
idea of the floating museum of industrial products should have a
livening appeal. At the present time there are few manufacturing
houses that have more than trusted agents abroad, and these men,
keen for business though they may be, cannot do the work of ex^
ploitation that should be done. Here is a device by which whole
communities may advance their communal interests as well as serve
private profit. To cry our wares on the world's highway on a
scale such as that represented by the floating exhibition would be
to make a strong try at markets now beyond our reach.
For us here on the Pacific Coast, to whom the trade of the
Orient is a great factor in future success, this idea of- the European
traffickers seems to have practicability. Suppose that one of our
trade or manufacturing boards or a producers' association of the
interior should fit out a steamer with a display of what we raise
and what we make here in California and should send it to Chinese
and Japanese ports. Surely this visible manifestation of trade re
sources would touch a responsive chord in the heart of the slant-eyed
merchant across the seas. ;
FLOATING EXPOSITIONS.
Atesa, a town In Italy, is suffering
from a plague of madmen. One even
ing recently a party of forty lunatics
were unloaded at the railway station
without no'tice and set free. They wan
dpred about the place in a half-starved
condition, to the great terror of the in
habitants. The Mayor telegraphed to
the, Prefect of the province for an ex
planation. In reply he learned that the
provincial council, . owing to . lack of
funds, had been obliged to close the
lunatic asylum and send all the inmates
home to their families. Those who were
unclaimed and without relatives had
been sent to Atesa, the nearest town,
and set free. ; ?:''^ V? '
Lunatics Galore.
Nearly. seventy years ago John Wes
ley Johnson was kidnaped by the In
dians wh%n a small child while playing
with his brothers and sisters upon the
site of the present Boston and Maine
station at Biddeford. While he was a
captive and supposed by his family to
have been drowned a half-brother was
born who was also named John W. It
was a strange coincidence that the lat
ter after living many years in the
South should die at the Biddeford sta
tion upon practically the same spot
from which his half-brother had been
kidnaped some seventy years ago.
Odd Coincidence.
He was so poor, so very poor,
, That now, since she had died.
He seemed a. tiny threadbare coat
I With nothing much Inside;
But. ah, a treasure he concealed.
And asked of none relief;
His shabby little bosom hid -
¦ A. mighty, grown up grief. .
— Florence Earle Coates, in Harper's Ba-
; '* zar. • _ ;
He was so small, ao very small,
j That since she ceased to care,
'Twas easy thus to pass him by,
7 Forgetting he was there;
But though too slight a thing he seemed
Of interest to be,
One heart had loved him with a lov«
As boundless as the sea.
Motherless.
FRUIT PUNCH. — Cook together for
five minutes one pound sugar and one
quart water. Add grated yellow rind
of two lemons and four oranges; boil
ten minutes longer. Strain and add
to syrup, with one quart cold water.
Juice of the lemons and oranges, half
a cup maraschino cherries, cut in
halves, two dozen Malaga grapes, cut
In two, two or three slices of pine
apple, shredded, and one banana and
one orange, sliced. Mix well, add an
other quart cold water, stir well and
serve.
CORN PUDDING. — Two dozen ears
of corn, well* filled out but young;
grate or cut from the cob and pound
kernels; add four pounded crackers,
one quart milk, five eggs, four table
spoons sugar and a little salt; bake
one hour in a moderate oven.
CLAM CHOWDER. — Three pints
clams, two onions, three quarts pota
toes, one pound hard crackers, three
pints milk, large piece butter, pepper
and salt to taste; strain the clams and
add one pint of water to the Juice of
the clams to cook potatoes and onions
in; when thoroughly cooked add
clams; bring to a boil; add crackers,
milk, butter, salt and pepper; serve
half an hour after it Is cooked and it
will be much better.
TOMATO SAUCE. — Stew six toma
toes with one teaspoon mixed whole
spice; cook one tablespoon onion in
one tablespoon butter till yellow, add
one level tablespoon cornstarch and
stir into tomato. Cook until It thick
ens; strain before serving. Part wa
ter, milk or stock may be used with
the tomato. Season with salt and
paprika.
LETTUCE AND CHIVES SALAD. —
Wash the lettuce leaves very thor
oughly In cold water, pile them In or
der, tie In a wet napkin and place in
the Ice chest or a cool place; lay the
longest leaves around the edge and the
smallest In the center of the salad
bowl; scatter over it one tablespoon
ful of minced chives, and at the table
dress with French dressing.
Good Things for
the Table.
It is to be hoped that all women
adopting round skirts will see to it
that they are not only long, but a
shade longer in the front than in the
back. If a skirt is not cut properly
there is a tendency for it to run up
in front, and this tendency should be
discovered and remedied, for nothing
Is more fatal to one's appearance
than to have a skirt tilting, up at the
front. Even a properly cut skirt, if
it is tight, may have the "hang"
ruined if the wearer is not careful how
she sits and stands in It.
The new skirts are to be fuller, but
It is hardly likely that in the heavy
winter cloths thl3 fullness will be at
tained in walking gowns, as it would
make them too cumbersome. ¦ , i:
The coats fitted at the back and over
the hips, but' swinging a little loose
in front to show vests of contrasting
colors, are a feature of the new walk
ing costumes, but the devotee of the
Eton coat need not be discouraged. Al
though many attempts have been made
to dethrone the Eton Jacket it is still
here and will probably be worn for
some time. They are well suited to
requirements of- many women and on
that account will be fashionable this
winter.
For stout women and also for short
women skirts that Just clear the
pavement are most becoming. Such
skirts are more or less of a nuisance,
for they are just long enough to dip
into every puddle or other filth of
the street, and yet too short to hold
up, a particularly ungraceful effect
being given by the lifting of skirts
that manifestly clear the ground.
It is indeed welcome news to the
sensible woman that the short skirts
are here to stay, and even those who
are least practical will have to capitu
late. The instep length skirts are not
only to be worn for walking, but for
reception gowns, and those who look
best in skirts of that length will wear
them for the latter purpose. In the
longer skirts those that barely touch
in the front and at the sides and drag
on the floor at the back will be fash
ionable for dinner gowns and general
evening wear. The skirts that rest
on the floor several inches all the way
around and that are so ungraceful as
well as slovenly, are being hidden
aWay by all up-to-date women.
WINTER SKIRTS.
grancy. And in almost every instance the defendant was an itinerant
loafer who had spent the mellow season away from urban discom
forts. He was arrested for sleeping in a public square, or for beg
ging, or for petty larceny. The two youths to whom Judge Mogan
gave half a year in jail had just arrived from the interior when they
were caught in the act of heaping oral abuse upon a citizen who
declined to contribute to their maintenance in idleness. But they
.were old offenders. . -
There are philanthropists who encourage street-begging, else
there would be no street-begging. They are aware of the existence
of public institutions for the aid of the deserving poor, and they
know that any self-respecting man would prefer accepting charity
from one of those institutions to soliciting alms from strangers and
receiving the rebuffs which practical benevolence gives instead of
alms. Yet with all this knowledge they submit to being accosted bv
lusty mendicants who will not take no for an answer, and who are
confident of extracting something at last because of their impor
tunity. If they fail to awaken their victim's pity they usually en
deavor to force him to buy immunity from their whines or curses. It
is this class of citizen that is most in need of protection from the
street-beggar. The citizen of tougher fiber can protect himself.
AFTER sentencing two sturdy young vagabonds to six months'
imprisonment for soliciting alms on the street, Police Judge
Mogan announced his intention to punish with equal severity
every able-bodied mendicant convicted in his court. Adherence to
this drastic policy will, he believes, effect a diminution of crime in
San Francisco by making the city less favored as a winter resort by
the professionally idle who spend the warmer season in the rural
regions.
If all police magistrates in San Francisco were to adopt the
policy there would unquestionably be a falling off in the percentage
of undesirable residents here next winter. It is notorious that hun
dreds of tramps spend their winters in this city and live by begging
and stealing. The police records show that the number of arrests
for those offenses during the summer is at least 50 per j cent less
than the number registered between the months of October and
March, inclusive. The Police Court calendars last Monday con
tained 125 new cases, of which at least three-fourths were for va-
In the World of
Fashion.
PROTECTION FROM STREET-BEGGARS.
Miss Ingles was trained for the
stage. She played Juvenile parts while
very small. Later she determined to
abandon the stage for politics. She
was made enrolling clerk of the Ken
tucky Senate In recognition of her
work in the 1896 campaign.
MISS MAROARET INDUES, a Yi
vacious Kentucky girl, has gone
to New York to answer a sum
mons from Thomas Taggart, chair
man of the Democratic National Com
mittee, to prepare for her stump
speaking campaign In Indiana, says
the Lexington correspondent of the
Philadelphia North American.
Miss Ingles is well known la Ken
tucky and several other States as a
campaign orator, but this year she
will undertake for the first tlm» to
"whoop it up" In the Hooslar com
monwealth.
"I had hoped for ths nomination of
Mr. Bryan," she said. "but. Wcs a pol
itician, I must abide by tha decision
of the majority and will gtre Mr. Par
ker my hearty support. I would not
mention my preference for Mr. Bryan.
but, you know, I spoke for him In the
campaigns of 1896 and 1900 and I
suppose I have become a little partial
to him."
Miss Ingles spoke from the platform,
with Mr. Bryan In 1836, when that
leader waa In Lexington, and faced
the largest audience that ever greeted
a public speaker In this State.
BY confining his initial campaign tour to rural Nebraska Wil
liam Jennings Bryan displays questionable discretion. It may
be urged that just as the shrewd theatrical manager "tries out"
a new v p!ay in small towns before introducing it to the presumably
higher intelligence and sharper discrimination of the metropolis, so
is Colonel Brvan putting his new partisan doctrines to test in "the
villages between Omaha and Emerson, Nebr." preliminary to ven
tilating them in the great cities, and that by carefully noting their
effect upon the com belt ha will be able to make such eliminations
and additions as may make them entirety acceptable to the urban
masses. Conceding that such -is his motive, the fact -remains that he
showed defective .judgment -in the selection of .his field of expend
meat.
When lie resolved to "try : it on the &jg," -as the playerfolk say,
Colonel Bryan could have obtained a more enlightening if less flat
tering test by choosing an animal less prone to be influenced by
State pride or personal predilection. That is to say, his inconsis
tencies of sentiment that might be overlooked by the Democrats of
Wahoo or Weeping Water, Nebr., might not find favor with the
Democrats of Oshkosh, Wis., or Kalamazoo, Mich. While his near
neighbors may pass without disparaging comment his tacit support
of a Presidential candidate -whose monetary views are directly in
conflict with those set forth in the two national platforms o^ Colonel
Bryan's own making, the voters non-resident of the Platte region
who fought and fell with free coinage in 1896 and 1900 may take
exception to Colonel Bryan's advocacy of a candidate and a plat
form that declare unequivocally for the gold standard. Therefore,
by testing his new campaign speeches so near home Colonel Bryan
is probably wasting both wind and time and indulging self-delusion.
His pro-Parker utterances that evoke Democratic applause on the
Missouri's western shore are likely to fail of Democratic tolerance
on the eastern banks of that muddy stream. When he leaves Ne
braska behind him he may find it necessary to revise his revisions.
But wherever he goes or he says, Colonel Bryan will
not address empty benches. As in former years, when he was an
entry for the Presidential stakes, be will be listened to by folk who
are more than ever proof against conversion by his pleading — the
same folk who listened to him and then voted against him eagfat
years ago and repeated the performance four years later. They will
flock to hear him becanse of his fame as a public speaker, and they
¦will again enjoy his resonant voice, his easy flow of words, his
beaming smile. Whether his propositions are lncid or vague— JTke
a chapter from Solomon or an opinion by Captain Jack Bunsby —
they will give him the respectful hearing due the man who has
talked more and said and accomplished less than an} r other man
alive or embalmed in history.
COLONEL BRYAN'S CAMPAIGN TOUR.
To enjoy the 'needful and forego the
needless are the true secrets of econ
omy. — New York Globe.
The possibilities of economizing in
dress are many. Skill with the needle,
good materials, fashions that are not
of the passing moment, changing best
garments for plainer attire _ at home
and care In putting away are all points
which tell. f
WOMEN often forget that the test
of well-spent money depends on
the value obtained in exchange.
They scrimp and pinch, suffer and save,
and perhaps take to themselves much
credit for doing bo. To eat a poor din
ner and go finely clad to outvie your
next door neighbor Is a foolish thing.
But many men and women fare plain
ly that they may look spick and span
from the most respectable motives. Ex
cept for the laborer, shabby atUre is
the luxury of the rich. The millionaire
may do what the. business man dare
not. As a rule it Is bad economy not
to look Quite as prosperous as circum
stances will let you. To be healthy,
too, you must be housed dryly and air
ily, and no one can keep up the work
ing powers and disease at bay who has
not good and regular meals.
Where, then. Is economy to step in?
those concerned may well exclaim.
Mostly in wisdom of choice, absence of
waste and strict supervision over sun
dries. To,ur good house— unless. as may
happen an address is part of your stock
in trade— may be In an unfashionable,
even inconvenient, district. It will not
be cheap if unsanitary, but its mere
unpretentiousness must not trouble
you.
The table and kitchen present oppor
tunities for saving unrivaled. Not
through stinting— that folly leads to
doctor's bills and impaired forces— but
through very careful selection and
preparation of the cheap and abundant
and the ingenious utilization of every
thing. Domestic service permits of
much saving. A handy wife and daugh
ters working methodically can keep a
small house in perfect order, yet each
have half the day at her own disposal.
The mistress alone, with slight help,
can get the work done and yet not be
always slaving if she rises early, or
ganizes and knows her business. One
good servant helped by the ladies of
the house can keep going an establish
ment with elegance even. But the
cheap servant is a snare. She will
break and fingermark, spoil food in tha
cooking and do other things as a set-off
against the $4 or $5 you reckon to save
on her wages.
True Secrets
of Economy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, .OCTOBER 6,, 1904.
She'll Stump
for Parker
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
3OHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
AODRSSS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO
sons mcxAocht '. . . ? «~ - a * an gg!l
PUBLICATION OFFICK .THIRD AND MARKET 8TREETB. SAJ* FRANCtBCO
THURSDAY . COTOjggj^JjOf
"1 now state that I am in hearty accord with that plank In our
platform that favors doing for the Filipinos what we har© already
done for the Cubans; and I favor making the promise to them now
that we shall take such action as soon as they are reasonably pre
pared for it. If independence, such as the Cubans enjoy, cannot be
prudently granted to the, Filipinos at this time, the promise that It
shall come the moment they arc capable of receiving It will tend to
stimulate rather than 1 hinder 'their development." — From Judge Par
ker's letter of acceptance. '.''.-••"',,••':'•,¦•¦• -'•:;•: ;<¦ ' •» ' •'- - •;•". - •." .
WHEN SHOULD HE VOTE ?
8
We are selling agents for the * "Wa-
terman Ideal Fountain Pen" and sol*
agents for "The Marshall." the beat
i 1^ 0 *?R i? th* worl(L Saaborn. Valx
& Co.. 741 Market street. •
•y
Special Information supplied dally ta
business bouses and public men by ta •
Press Clippies Bureau (Allen's). 230 C*i«
ifornia street Telephone. Main 1043, •
Townscnd's California Glace fruits la
artistic (Ire-etched boxes. 715 Market st*
Finest eyeglasses, 15c to 50c. 73 4th st..
front of Key's Celebrated Oyster House.*THE' SAN FRANCISCO ; , CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6,- 1904.
PARTICIPANTS IN THE ENTERTAINMENT AT- THE CHUTES TOR- THE BEN- 1
EFIT OF THE TEACHERS". ANNUITY -AND RETIREMENT^ FUND .WHICH
IS PROVTXG TO BE. A- GREATER SUCCESS 'THAN- WAS ANTICIPATED. :
$2.00 buys a card index drawer, " 600
record cards and 25 guide cards. Loose <!
leaf ledgers, price books and good print
te*.' Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741- Market'* .'
Card Systems and Cabinet*.
Manuel E. Mattos, a blacksmith at
Hayward, filed a petition in insolvency
yesterday in the United States ; District
Court- He owes $1229 and has.no as
sets.
Insolvent Blacksmith.
If you want to enjoy the moat picturesque
ride in California take the excursion to WU
llts next Sunday, October 9. Round trln
only %i. •
Only $3.00 to Wlllits and Return,
Sunday, October 9.
Gripmen Joseph Bojorques and E.
W. Clark were exonerated from all
blame yesterday by a Coroner's jury
for the deaths of Major Thomas
Adams and Mrs. Angela Fawn. Ma
jor Adams was knocked down by Bo
jorques' car on Powell street on Sep
tember 27. Mra. Fawn was struck by
Clark's car on Washington street on
September 26. - .«¦• •
CJripmen Exonerated.
SCnRADER RKMANDED.— Judge Graham
yesterday discharged the writ of habeas corpus
applied for by Charles J. Schroder and re
manded him to' the custody of Deputy Sheriff
Mahony in charge of the detention vrard for
the Insane. Police Judge Mogan testified that
be had convicted Schrader for disturbing the
peace but the sentence had Ix-en continued,
and the man was turned over to the Insanity
commission. Pending a • decision as to his
mental condition the Judge thought he had no
right to enforce the sentence.
Plie Josof Hofmaiui Concert To-Xijrht.
Josef Hnfmann, the brilliant young
pianist, will give his second concert in
the Alhambra Theater to-night. The
enthusiasm manifested at the Tuesday
nlpht concert was unbounded, and all
¦who attend to-night's recital will cer
tainly enjoy a rare musical treat. The
programme will Include Beethoven's
rarely hoard Sonata Opus 22. Schumann's
Camevale, nine of the most important
Chopin etudes, the Schumann-Tausslg
Contnbandiste. Liszt's Tenth Rhapso
die and other important works. The last
concert will be given on Saturday after
noon.
Despite the forbidding aspect of the
weather In the forepart of the day more
than six thousand school children and
their friends Journeyed out to the
Chutes yesterday* afternoon and did
their share toward swelling the Teach
ers' Annuity and Retirement Fund!
Those who went out were well reward
ed and the crowd of rollicking, romping
children inside the big inclosure was
worth going miles to see. All the
booths, the theater, the pavilion and
other attractions were well patronized.
To the credit of those managing the
affair it should be said that they are
not seeking to exchange nothing for
something. For every ten cents expend
ed a dime's worth of amusement or
merchandise is given in return.
All games of chance are barred. A
grab bag and fishpond are in active
operation, but there are no blanks, and,
as the majority of the. articles awarded
were ' donated, those taking a chance
usually get more than their money's
worth. A feature which strikes every
one visiting the grounds is the excel
lent deportment prevailing. Few of
the children are accompanied by their
parents.^ but there has not been a com*
plaint of disorderly conduct-
The entertainment in the big theater
yesterday afternoon was one which
would have done credit to professional
talent- The programme was a long
one and the encores were many, but
all went through their parts without a
hitch. San Francisco's public schools
contain excellent talent. .The old stere
otyped "Woodman Spare That Tree"
style is -entirely eliminated. ' In its
place the little men showed their abil
ities as comedians, musicians or tumb
lers.. Two clever sketches were given
by the boys yesterday and to-day . the
girls will have an opportunity in "The
Princess Fan Tan."
To-morrow will be the last day of the
entertainment and teachers and their
friends hope the successes of the pre
ceding days will be repeated both to
day and to-morrow.
Yesterday's programme -was as- fol
lows:
Sketch, 'SI Perkins Gets a Boy for Hla
Farm" — cast of characters: SI Perkins. Mr.
Pelxotto; the employment -agent. Master Ham
mer: Conny Doyl«, Master Syron; Bill Yaney.
Master McLauffhlln; Snorkey, Master Conlan;
the deaf boy. Master Talbott. William Farmer,
champion boy buck-and-win? dancer; double
trio of boy voices — soprancs, Masters Talbott
and Bernard: first altos. Masters - Penaluna
and Roesner; second altos,. Masters Norton and
Appleton; Lavell and Burke, as boy bootblacks
and introducing their - beautiful harmonica
solos and duets', fire torch swinging by Masters
Herman and Louis Stein, ¦ Bchlltter, Schlef,
Muhetm and Rosenthal; Masters Appleton,
Schneider and Richards aa th* Three Fritzes;
Schlltter and Stein In their, wonderful . hand
to-hand balanclne act: Harry O'Day aa -."The
Delirious Coon" ; Walter Roesner, solo cometist,
ground and lofty tumbling by Masters Herman
and' Louis Stein, Adolf and Emil Muhrtm, Ho
senthal", Shatef, Nasrl*. Conlan, Penaluna.
Burke and Bernard: Bert Talbott, tha midget
balladlst. An original act. "Rosle, a Girl From
ParW — cast of characters: v Rosle' s papa,' Mr.
Pelxotto; Count de -Luna, Master- Hammer;
John the Strong Man, Master • B. Muhelm;
Lord Dundreary. Master' Appleton: ¦ Baron
Schnlgelfritz. Master Richards; Duke de Nutte,
Master Norton: ¦ 'Sltrnor y/Ulbaz&n, Master
Lavell; ."Rotten" - . Tommy, messenger ¦ bay;
Master . Syron ; Tommy Rotten, messenger boy,
Conlan; Rosle, the girl. Master O'Day.
Captain Schell 111.'
Captain H. H. Schell, Deputy United
United States Commissioner of Immi
gration, was taken" with- ."a • fainting
spell in hig office .yesterday. and was
obliged ., to go home: and ."take to his
bed. His health had been falling for
some time, owing to a too ¦ close '¦ at
terition to is ' duties • ln\ a " poorly -ven
tilated office.' -r Several months ago- he
broke down, but insisted ¦ upon^return-.
Ing to work, despite 'the .protest'of ;iiis
physician and his friends.
Callfornlans In Xew York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— The following
Calif ornlans arrived here to-day:
From San , Francisco — Dr. Barker, at
the Belvedere? H. J. Buck, at the Al
"bemarle; Dr. H. A. Carolan, at the
Holland; Miss J. D. Coleman, at the
Everett; Miss L. M. Collins, at : the
Westminster; L. D. Foster Jr.* L. D.
Foster and H. J. Kauffman, at the
Navarre; ! C. ¦•: W. Hooper, at the" Vic
toria: Miss E. Murphy, Mrs. H. H.
Murphy and Miss A. A. WatertownJ at
the Westminster; A. Buswelh at the
Empire; Miss S. H. Clayburg, Miss K-
Clayburg, C. A. Day and wife, Dr. D;
Conn and wife, V. Goldberg and wife,
V. C. Goldberg: and Miss R. Z.. .Gold
berg, at the Savoy; W. J." Kearney, at
the Imperial; J. -Thieben, F. W. Ray
and wife, I. N. Cohen and R. Cohen,
The meeting opened with a long
preeeh by E. P. E. Troy, the secretary
of the association, in which he made
on attack upon the street railroads.
His remarks aroused the indignation
of many, citizens present. John P.
Cleese. who emphatically denied
Troy's charge that he was a "heeler"
and a worker for the railroad, said
that the action of the- association in
censuring the railroad was a mistake.
His .statements wer.e seconded by Ed
ward Ginley and L, R. Rockwell, 'who
urged that the association submit its
jjrievances to the railroad before tak
ins any radical action.
Their suggestions were received with
unanimity by the gathering and it was
finally decided that a committee of
three be appointed to confer with the
company to ask for needed reforms.
After the meeting the committee of
three, composed of L. Rockwell. E. P.
E. Troy and Felix McHugh, met and
decided to request the following
chang-es:
Firet— 'That the company restrict the speed
of its cars throughout the district.
Second — That no more passengers be allowed
on cars In «-xc«-ss of one -half the nurcber added
to the seating rapacity.
Third — That more cars be run at shorter In
tervale In the dlFtrlrt.
The Richmond District Improve
ment Association met last night at
3-*ifth ajid Point Lobos avenues to pro
test against the policy pursued by the
United Railroads in running its cars
iind the poor service given residents
t»f the Richmond district.
Residents of Richmond District Will
Request United Railroads' Offi
cials to Make Changes.
TO ASK FOR BETTER
STREET CAR SERVICE
There will be 100 in the excursion
party. Among those who will make
the trip are:
From San Francleco — General and Mrs. N. P.
Chipman: Mr. and Mrs. William Wayman; Dr.
E. L. Platt and wife; C. M. Wooster and
wife; Mias O«ia Wooster. DavJd Bush, Cutler
Paige, Mr. and Mrs. L. Barrere, Dr. B.- M.
HiDckle, C. B. Hobeon, F. 6. Rowley, Q. R.
I>ukens. . E." B. Sanger, A. Frank and wife,
Mr, and Mrs. Charles Gunn, R. H. Beamer
and L. M. Fletcher.
From Oakland — Mr. and Mrs. E. K. Vance,
M!ss E. S. Vance. h . ¦ i •
From Fresno — Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Clark,
Mm A. F. Neate.
ITrom * Sacramento— Mr. and Mrs. . C. .A.
Luhrs. Mr. and Mrs. John Glvens, Mr. and
Mrs. Daniel Flint, C. L. Terry and daughter.
Mr. and Mrs. John Watt, Alden W. Camp
bell, Mrs. C. D. Brook, J. Berry and daugh
ter. A. S. Raymond and wife, Mr. and Mrs.
Argue*. Mr. and Mrs. Dell.
From Woodland — Mr and Mrs. D. R. Boyer,
Mr. ond Mrs. Alvas Hunt.
From Santa Cruz — Mr. and Mrs. Luke Huls
kamp, Capt. A. A. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. J. O.
Tanner. Mrs. H. Wiley.
From Los Anpeles — Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Nlles.
From Chlco — Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Entler. Mr.
and Mrs. E. C. Wilson.
From San Jose — Cox Christopher, Dr. W. E.
K«ith and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Moon and daugh
ter, J. G. Shenk. Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Hubbard.
K. Campbell, G. W. James, Mr and Mrs.
Retman.
Krura San Martin- — M. L Hartley.
From Red Bluft* — Mr. and Mrs. James Fln
nell.
From. Valley Ford— Mr. and Mrs. H. M. L«
rrom Reno^-Percy Booth.
From Redding— Dr. N. V. Helnt*.
A reception has been arranged to
take place next Monday afternoon in
the California State building at the St.
Louis Exposition. The California Com
missioners to the exposition will re
ceive the guests from California. The
affair will" be informal.
This forenoon at 11 o'clock -a special
train, of Pullman cars will leave the
Oakland mole to take the California
State Board of Trade excursion to the
St. Louis Exposition. Earlier in the
season the State Board of Trade sent
out an excursion, which was suffi
ciently successful to make it seem to
be advisable to give another.
The party to leave this forenoon will
be larger than the first. It will em
brace business and professional men
trom all parts of California. Secretary
L. M. Fletcher of the State Board of*
Trade, who has brought the excur
sionists together, visiting many towns
and cities for that purpose, will have
charge of the train. Included in the
excursion outfit will be an observation
car, dining car, composite library car
and a sufficient number of sleepers
to accommodate the excursionists.
Excursion Train- Leaves the
OaMand Mole . To-Day
Bound for the Exposition
Good Programme Is
Rendered in
Theater.
P '.F.' ! A. v Grpw, a . resident of Chicago,
who -has been touring.-the. Orient, is
among the latest arrivals at'the.SL
Francis. . .
Chevalier Victor Reggio, Italian
commissioner to the St* Louis Expo
sition, arrived at| the St. .Fraricte yes
terday. He is on his way to St.TLbuls
from, Portland, where he has been ar
ranging for the Italian exhibit at the
coming Lewis and Clark Exposition.
.hi. Trnbert, ah "engineer ; of Paris, is
at the Grand.- .;y,'- - •
C. -M: Wheeler and wife-o'f Eureka
are at • the Occidental. , ' . , . / :
. ,'-EmilevHoesch/-a .traveler, from Co
logne, Germany. , is .at the. Palace.
Dr. A. Vuck of ¦ Budapest,' who has
been visiting .-the St. Louis Exposi
tion, is registered at* the* Palace.
E. J. Coleman, a young capitalist
of Hollywood, is at the St. Francis.
Rudolf Haas,. a: merchant of.Guate
mala, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Dr.. S. Acenedott, surgeon of the
Chilean navy,: is, registered at the' Pal
ace. ¦ • . . , ~
PERSONA!^ t
at the Herald Square; "Vta E. v Robinson,
at the Royal Arms;, C. Beardslee, at
the Earlington; Mrs.' C. D. Bunker, F.
M. Delano and wife* at the Grand
Hotel; F. W. Burgess, Mrs. J. Gamble
and Mrs. R. Harford, at the Park Ave
nue; B- C. Carroll, at the Wellington;
R. W. Dunn and Mrs. M. Dunn, at the
Broadway Central; S. W. Marks and
wife and F. J. Henry, at the Astor;
J. Jones, at the Grand Union; H. L.
Robb, at the Kensington.
From Los Angeles— The Misses Clark,
W.. Clark and. wife, at the Park Ave
nue;. Miss Amello, S. Gusshi and Mrs.
S. Gusshl.- at the Algonquin; Miss I.
Clark, Miss L. Clark. Miss S. Clark,
R. Clark and W, Clark, at the Holland
House; A. H. Holmes. and wife, at the
: Broadway Central.
TRADE SPECIAL
FOR ST. LOUIS
Other prominent San Jose, visitors to
the exposition are Mr. and Mrs. L F.
Lefb, who also will travel farther East
before returning home.
General and Mrs. George B. Rodney
of San Jose are in New York City.
They have been Bight-seeing tn Yel
lowstone Park and will stop at the St.
Louis exposition before returning to
California.
Mr. and Mrs. Leopold Mlcnels of San
Francisco have arrived in London and
are stopping at the Savoy.
Mr. and Mrs. George Marye of San
Francisco and Miss Flora Doile are at
the Carlton Hotel, London, having re
¦cently gone there from Paris.
D. K. Skinner is registered at the
Hotel Cecil. London, after having
spent a fortnight in Paris.
To the wedding were bidden about
eighty guests, relatives and friends;
among those who sat at the bride's
table were .Mrs. Charles J. Deering,
Miss Edith McDonald, Mr. and Mrs.
Maurr Sims, Miss Clara Lewis, Mr.
and Mrs. William Hamilton, Miss Ag
nes Bergin, Miss Laura Farnsworth,
Mrs. Pfingst. James D. Phelan, James
Reid. Judge Lawlor. Douglas McBryde
and William F. Bowers.
» Last night the -wedding o£ Laura Dee
McDonald and James C. Sims was sol
emnized at the borne of the bride on
Union street. The house was a bower
of pink amaryllis, the one color scheme
being carried out in each room and
every light shaded with pink crepe pa
per. De Witt McDonald, brother of
the bride, gave her away. The cere
mony was performed by Rev. William,
Carson Shaw. The bridal robe of ex-
QUisite white applique lace enhanced
the beauty of the bride, whose hand
some appearance Is always a matter
of comment.
Miss Blythe McDonald attended as
bridesmaid; . her gown was of jeweled
net over pink chiffon. The groom's
best man was Frank Powers. * Harry
Hawks. Charles J. Deering, Richard
Rountree and Dr. James Pressley were
ushers. Both bride and groom are well
known. The bride belongs to one of the
oldest families and Mr. Sims is a prom
inent figure in political and legal cir
cles, lie was once chairman of the
Democratic State Committee and a
member of Congress. At present he
Is practicing law in this city.
The wedding supper was served on
small tables; that at which the bride
presided was decorated with pond lil
ies scattered in profusion over the
board, creating a beautiful effect. Mr.
and Mrs. Sims leave this morning for
St. Louis, where they will be joined
In a few days by Miss Blythe McDon
ald, who is to go there with a party
of friends. Upon returning to San
Francisco Mr. and Mrs. Sims will make
their home with the McDonald family
on Union street. ¦ -. ¦ •
MIRTH IS STILL KING
AT TEACHERS' BENEFIT
JAMES C. SIMS
NO LONGER A
GAY BACHELOR
9
AMUSEMENTS. ' .V ;
ALCAZAR^Iar
¦."V Oeseral Manager.
TO-NIOHT— AJU« WEAK.
I<A8T THURSDAY MATINXS TO-DAY.
Ev's 25c to 73. Mats. Thurs. and Sat. 2Bo to SOc.
FIFTEENTH AND FAHETWEUL, WEEK
WHITE | AND ALCAZAB STOCK CO. |
W/HITTLESEY
In Dumas' Masterptee*.
CAMILLE
MR WH1TTLESBY AS ARMAND DTJVAL.
NEXT MONDAY— New Alcazar Stock Co. ii»
IORI> AND 1*ADY AJMJY.
First Appearance of Lillian Lawrence, John
Craiic and Elizabeth Woodson.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— AXi. THIS WEEK.
- • -' Mats. Sat and Sun.
Mammoth Production of the Scenic
Sensational Drama,
DEALERS IN
WHITE WOMEN
CPE The Police Patrol Boat — The Breakaway"
5CC "Wall — The Oriental Underground Cham-
ber— Steet Cage Full of Beautiful Women.
DDirCC Evenings tOc to 30e
rnlWLJ Matinees 10c. 15c 25o
Next Week— Rider Haczard's SHE.
!— CALIFORNIA —^
Greatest musical comedy hit ia years
—The talk cf tne town.
The
Tenderfoot
With PHIUP H. RYLEY and the big
New York Company of sixty.
Don't miss hearing the sons hits: '
MY ALAMO LOVE. J
THE TORTURED THOMAS CAT.
Seats now selltnx for S«cond and
Last Week of "The Tenderfoot."
•AqimGcB
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
ALL THli~WEEK.
25t n a e y e 25c
OLIVER MOROSCO offers the only stock pro-
duction ever civen to the play made
famous by Stuart Kobson.
"THE HENRIETTA"
NIGHT PRICES— 23c. 33c. »0c.
A few front rows orchestra T5 cents.
Matinee Saturday.
Sunday. Oct. 9— THE JAPANESE NIGHTTN-
. GALE.
Hiffn-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and ETeninx la the Theater.
GALA AMATEUr'pIrFORMANCE
-. -Concluding with——
..NEW LIVING PICTURES..
Take- a R1.U on gj»^™«= EIJICTRIC
KSTES BABY LIONS TS TSB ZOO.
ADMISSION 10e I CHILDREN 5a
When Phoning Ask for The Ckutta.
AD VERTISEaiEXTS.
" Mistress Cook." said
Golden Gate, "lei us be
befriends. Seep my top
down ti&hi to save my
aroma and tresbness; .
make t"** risht and 1*11
help yoa bold your job*
Good coffee makes the
whole breakfast taste
ridhi— poor coffee spoils
everything.**
Noflrtml does wtfli OOUD3CT GdUTC
COFfEE hut yciti*fm-rloai, !W
1 »a 2 H>. ao<o*nm~Ti£'hi tima,
J. A- Folder <SL Co.
San FTBajacisco
(2C\J*N Special
WmYKNIFEi
LrUtlcTj x - x Tioronghfj
DipEBdabSg.
8X.OO
STAB n*.wh.vr TTJSrmrS eat la price
trcna r2.OD t» 4&1.25
SAZOJS EkTSOXS fmiu .,.--,.., -25e
RaiTJ iaaefl &sd ground. H<Tr-
tr.p. i'-c.
TUX A CPU K I.TTT'S SXIJT-JTIXIr-
Xfio- pouMT/inr pejj.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F, TC. riTTS. the Stationer,
1.008 BASEST ST.. Opp. Fifth Bt,
Ear. nrarrteca
rdidu; bcaatiful
j COURT Loanging
3T! fl room « &* EMPIRE
U11U parlor, the
r -« -. A PALM ROOM, the
linHia LOUIS XV PAR-
uiuuu LOR( and the LA
R^i^T^ DIES ' WRITING
Hotels roo^
ADVEUTISEansXTS.
Perrin
Glove $
C. Comfort in gloves
is a good antidote for
a ba,d temper. §
XL Perrin glove^ are
.comfortable and
i ' . . *•
Sole depot for ...
Women's and Children's Glores at
R. D. DAVIS & COMPANY,
Geary Street and Grant Avenue. '
Men's Perrin Gloves at all Stores.
¦ ' -AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL
• MATINEE SATURDAY at 3 O'Clock
EVEBY NIGHT THTB WEEK
THE BEN GREET PLAYERS
EVERYMAN
The Original London Company and
Reserved Seats— SI 60, $1 and 75c.
WCYT UTPL" Mon.. Tues. and Wed. Eva
nCAl WEE A wed. and Sat. Matinees. .
MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING.
Thurs.. ' Frl., Eat. Eva.; Special Frl. Matinee.
TWELFTH NIGHT.
Seats Now Ready : at Sherman. Clay k Co.'s.
MISCEUiANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
Josef Hofmann
THE GREAT PIANIST
ALHAMBRA THEATER
TO-NIGHT
AT 8:15
Saturday Matinee at 2:30
¦ SEATS- 12 00, |1 B0, HOP. 75c.
SAN FRANWSCO vs. OAKLAND
. . AT RECREATION -PARK. '
¦ ' ¦ .- ij Eighth and Harrison Streets. .
WED. THURS, 'FRIDAY.^ . . . . . .3:30 P. M.
SATURDAT,........;............. 3:00 P. M.-
SUNDAY ......:. ..'. .......;...,.., 2 :30 P. M.
&?i*iT;Ladle» Free Thursday and Friday."-"-
Advance Sale of Seats at 5 Stockton Street.
._'•_.' ¦__T_-,_-_n_-_-_^-.n_- ' A D Y ] F! lT^ 3^ ][E ? iT _ S ' It '
mB ! TssTrrTftsr jmbiop— **—^^a*MBsreaHiiaJ>lMss> BvusBI H^__^n|W 1 < , > » I IKj c B^sW
-¦¦¦'.. . . ¦¦'
THESE PRICES APPEAL TO YOUR. PURSE.
Lakeside Brussels Sfd&S^Ss Lowell and Hartford Body Brussels
range of patterns to choose from. Borders to Designs of unusual beauty. No carpet *r>ndt
niatch. Many of the designs exclusive A n that will equal this weave for wear, tf* -i t\n\
rwithus. Worth %\A0 pet yd. Our price UJC Peryard., kpl*Uc2
Wilton Velvet Carpet §s«.1s Ss Hartford and Middlesex Axminsters
: floral designs. Large range of choice *^Q . Exelusive designs. Choice colorings. Fine
patterns. Peryard.. I VC " deep pile.. A weave^that is too well tf* «| *y}l
¦OlIIIIII o AaIIIIIISIci Udi[JcIS quality, i innlonm Made of bcst Unseed <** a °^pui-
CHoice patterns. ' Exquisite colorings, rtn LIHUIuUIII verized cork. Some very f *\\
Per yard y DC attractive, patterns. Per square yard. . *±Ct'^
mm 1 «V I U H ¦Bk«na BsH ' HEEBZHbSsB Ru&] IkSSS lEc ffit ft 1 tJ *A i I I sB
"' bkI * I I 1 I Ilia in ?/^?|y jf^i \ wfSSL^in Jr"^ '•-"'•r H9Hft 1B^^ 1 •^l^ijLTr* I VthSI
l TBj8BB8ESffi?i|[^ *SSB£fi_3&-I §1*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THIS BLUE SIGNATURE
Ibeware of -just as cooos\
%TiQ Perfect Fitting rtj^ k {
TO Eyeglasses &
rj At Moderate Cost ||
W642 4iar:ke:tSt
IniPTCD'oi C 1 ™ 8ICK ' HEADACIfflL I
LAHI tl\o •,»..,„
BjfflrTTiE Genuine Must Bear
. H IVER Fa>SimilQ Signature
HPILL8. y?
AMUSEMENTS.
-"1 • * *" ~"~
GRAND SSSIi
MATINEE SATURDAY
LAST THREE NIGHT8
YORK
STATE FOLKS
Beginning Next Sunday Matinea
Plxlcy and Luder'a Merry Musical Comedy
The Burgomaster
SEATS READY THIS MORNING, .
tftftl IIUD1A SAN FRASaSCO'S
t*ULUl¥aJi!M IEADIS3 1BEA3
THIS AITD TTEXT WEEX.
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING 6UNDAT.
Matinee Saturday Only. '.-_;'
— • — — — - Cltrlei B. Dillingh&m PruenU
I FRANK
Sf p DANIELS
_— -JVhe OFFICE BOY
8ou»» at the Alhambra. beg. Sun.. Oct. 18
SwaggerVaiideville
Felix and Barry; Mme. A very Strakoscb;
* Eoey and lee, and Orphetun Motion
Picture*. Last times of Ted S. Box;
T. Trovollo; Kennedy and Reynolds;
Two Pucks, and
URBANI AND SON.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thursday.
Saturday and Sunday.
Price*— 10c, 25c and SOc.
CFERAllY§i|H008t
LAST FOTTB NIGHTS
Of the Great Comic Opera Triumph
• TUC ¦«*•»
MATINEE SATURDAT. KES
' Same prices — 25c, SOc. ¦ 75c «
BEO. NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
DER R ASTELBINDER
. (The Mouse Trap Peddler.)-
A * GENXHNE HIT.
A CLEAI*. MERRY BURLESQUE.
DOWNTHELINE
BY HOWARD JACOTT.
The best production of the year.
More novelties than any ten former offerings.
. . The unrivaled Cast and Chora*.
Three beautiful acts filled -with gr^a t specialties:
Don't miss "Fischer's Minstrel Maids."
NlKhts 25c/ 50c and 75e.
Saturday and : Sunday .. Matinees • 25c and ~ 50c.
- Children at Matinees, 10c and 25a
>'ext. "DILLY DALLY."
'. GRAPE-XUTS;
Brains arc Built
From certain kinds of "
POOD.
Grape-Nuts
Furnish all the needed elements
as 10 "days' trial of this fam-
ous i food", will \ prove.' '
..¦•¦¦ - :-¦ ¦\:x-- "- .- :*--.¦ '¦THE SAN: FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6, .1904.
10
THE CALL
JOHN' D. SPRKCKELS Pr°P!J£__;
Address Communications to
W. J. MARTIN* Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You >> isn.
Publication Office Market end Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by carriers. 20 Cts. Per 11 . " 5
Of. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Ct s -
Ten r is by Mail, Including Postage tCash » nn
DAILY CALL Ursc'.ud. Sunday). 1 year...$S.OO
DAILY CALL ilr.olud. Sunday). 6 mos... *.w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «j_
EUNDAY CALL. 1 Year -••**
WEEKLY CALL. I Year - ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ' %„
f Daily $S ISO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN 1 Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE (weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Bacple Cocies will he forwarded when re-
ouested.
Jia.il subscriber* in ordering change of ad-
Crece should be particular to give both NEW
AND CLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prcrEFt asd correct compliance with their re-
QMSta
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Bread way Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
$148 Oater Street .Telephone North -77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6A3JUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
"Waldorf- A*toria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
TTnion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-arenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Houee: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hnt?l; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palrr.er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KRHGXESS. Marquette Building.
<Long Distance Telephcne. "Central 2619.':)
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEN E. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C- C. CARLTON .Herald Squa— •
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franciseo Call.
corner Market ar.d Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10T* Market street, opposite Fifth: cpen pntil
11 d. n.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
i».3C> r>. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street: open until 9:80 p. rn.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S»41 Mission etreet; cpen until 10 p. nv
106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
10H6 Valencia street; open until P p. m.
Ncrth^iist corner Church and Duncan Streets:
op*n urtil 9 r>. m.
22(X< Fillmore Ftr*et; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
A RKGCLAR meeting of Yerba Buena s .
Lodpf *¦>; perfection No. 1. A. and A., w
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will A
be held in Commandery Hall. Masonic __SL
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. >===?
October «, 1J»O3. at 8 o'clock. Degree four.
ViStttOS brethren cordially invited.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION r-hapter No. 79. R A. M.— m
Stated mating THIS (THURSDAY) W
EVENING. 7:?,Q o'clock. P. M. and
M. E. M. degrees. By order of the
H. P. JNO. R. HILLMAS, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lcige No. 1. F. and A. _
M.. will m»ft THIS 'THURSDAY) W
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated /V\
meeting. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY L/v"f» No. 120. F. and A. a
M — Stated rr.eettns THIS 'THURS- <VY
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By
ordirr of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Loire No. 2J6. F. and A. M— _
State*! meeting THIS <THURSDAY) VSf
EVENING, S o'clock. By order of /V\
Master J. R. GOLDSMITH. See.
GOLDEN ~.>Ft Lodge No. 322.
1 O O F.— Initiation THIS ¦££$&£«&$'-
'THURSDAY* EVENING. Oct. =fe?S^5^
«. W. H. REDELL. N. G. o £a*_5>>'
CROATIAN Benevolent Society Zvo- £§U
rr.1rr.ir No. 61 — Mating THIS ffKatfl'
(THURSDAY) EVENING. October .KrJfcV
•:. 11*04 st 32 O'Farrell *•'. \&/'
3. P. FrTICH. President. >5C
F. HESELER, Secretary. - —
JCOTICE to hotel-keepers of San Francisco—
The Hotel-keepors" Association has a mem-
bership of 50 at present: the next regular
meetirc will be held at Hlbernla Hall. 120
Ninth «.. on O<-t. fi. VtfH. 6 p. m.; all who
are not members are invited to attend this
meettnr. Committee on press. Wm. Boyle,
Michael McGrath. James Roddy. John Reidy.
THE California Debris Commission having ro-
c€!ved application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from E. J. Gordon and P. McElroy. In
MeFser Mine, near Mountain House, Plumas
County. Cal.. draining Into Spanish Creek,
¦which reaches Feather River, gives notice
that a meeting to receive any protests will
be held at room ft»5. Flood building San.
Francisco. Cal.. October 17. 1904. at 1:30 p.m.
ETOCKHOLDERS' roeeting. — Notice Is hereby
riven that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking-house la this city on TUES-
DAY. October 11, 1904. at 11 o'clock, a. m.
Ey crder of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN' M. CLAY. Secretary.
___ ageb-ts WAjrriaa.
HOLIDAY books; samples ready; best lines-
all publishers; best line of subscription
r-oc.kr; best terms; agents and canvassers
wanted every county and town. THE J.
DEWING CO.. Flood building. S. F.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that i«
a. decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Oreat \V-»«tern Improve-
tnent Company. Parrott bulMini?.
LADY or gentleman solicitors; *."i a day; good
proposition. 4,26 Croesley building.
AGENTS wanted on good proposition. 468
Parrott buildintc; hours 10 to 4.
1NKI.ESS fountain pens; sample 15c: dozen
$1 50: retails 25c. FIELD CO.. 119 Bush st.
ATTOH.!~ET_-AT-Z_kW.
K. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor: entrance room Ml; established 20
years; ell courts, general court and offlce
practice; no foe in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 360L
ADVICE free on all le^al matters; divorces a
specialty; private, quick; no pay in advance;
mining companies onranized ; patents obtained
G. TV. HOWE. 1122 Market «t- ; est*b. 22 yrm!
AAA— DIVORCE costs. $12; quick, quiet. *
Advice free; all law business.
No charge unless successful.
1095 Market Ft., cor. Seventh, room 419.
AA — Divorce; costs $12: quick,qulet;advlce free;
¦U law business; no charge unless success-
ful: open evenings. 927 Market St.. room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
cost* In advance; all law business; office
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r. 33.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; quick, quiet;
all law business; no charge unless succees-
ful; open evenings. 827 Market, room 204.
W.Matthewc, 032 Market et. ; consultation free;
private and confidential: no advance fees;
oollectioce. mechanic*' liens, tenants ejected.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; quick, quiet;
no fees In adx-ance; all law business. Even-
mgs. 7 to f», r. 465 Parrott bldg., S55 Market.
PATENTS. American and foreign. SONTAGS
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine et.. 6th floor.
L. E. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consultal
tion free: no fees tn advance: open evenings.
¦ ASTHMA CUBE.
DI NOLA'S Apthma Remedy relieves Instantly :
luc. 20c. 50c. 1002 Market. St. Nicholas;
alvo Wjsi an. IQlb and Washington. Oakland.
AETEOLOOY.
ZOBEIDE. astrologer; peychlc. occult and a«-
troioglcal readings. 9 Mason St.. rooms 1-2.
AUTOMOBILES.
WANTED te buy — An automobile in good
condition ; state crice asked. Bos 1759. Call.
?X>COMOBILE. 10- horsepower: 2 aeats; In
eoo/1 running order. Call <73 Valencia «t.
• BIBDS. DOGS. ETC. ,
HARTZ Mountain canaries & African gray par-
rots. Just received. A. C. Roblwa, S35 Keamy.
sprgrrTTAikiSM.
1IOVED — Mrs. J. J- Whitney, clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. St.. Kath-
ryn. 4Sl» Ellis st.. corner Leavenworth. room
231; no signs. _^
MME YOUNG'S t*st circle to- night; iv ;
readings dally. 619 McAllister st.; cocj.
skeptics.
MRS. LESTER— Circle; 8 p. m. : 10c; real-—.
daily. 43 Sixth »t.
C V MILLER' S materializing seance to-ci;ht.
'8 o'clock; $1. 2£5 4 _ Bu j ah _ 9t \.
C MAYO STEERS .phychlc readirgs bymail 11.
35<i3 17th st.. San .Francisco: tel: Capp S.1B.
DBBSSMAKEBSJ^-rD^SrAMSTKESSES.
MclDOWELLTDressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 10.3 Mict
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating Stew-
art'a button fc buttonhole factory. llOTav.^r
EDUCATIONAL.
A~BIGaERschool than ever. On June 1 w»
moved to new fireproof building. 73S Mission
it . between Third and Fourth; more spa -e;
flnir rooms- better light; finest In th» W's';
wme^SdVeeVS. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE
A— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical eo_
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phe.an blJg.
X THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
mor* performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Westeru
schools; special^ summer course. 414 Mason.
I _ R AYERS founder of Ayres Business Col-
"leg*. has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: $5 month: life scholars W»
$50; positions secured; day, eve. .23 Market.
CALIFORNIA School Elocution and Oratory.
Physical Culture-— Dramatic readings, mono-
logues, day and evening: class or private.
Association bldg.. Mason and Ellis.
X— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEOE.mS Mar-
ket guarantees positions to graduates: Plt-
raan shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $3 rr.9.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. irtech.. sir-
Vey assay, cyacide: day. ev.; est. 1«H4: Van
der'NallUn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall
CLASSES In short story writtn* and Journal-
Ism meet'on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m..
833 Phelan bldg: terms rery reasonable.
A MOVE to large, sunny quarters, top' floor
Majestic building. 12S1 Market st. Wesiera
Business College. »¦•.¦*' »
BOOKKEEPING. En*., math., etc.; day and
eve.; individual lnstr. 305 Larkln st_. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. CoL
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. «02 Van N>ss
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINES3 COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of plaao;
beginners _ adults: COc. ZJflS Mission, cor.20.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per ma:
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght at.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hia-
nian's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. • Barrett. C:2 Montg* ray.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
FARTINGTON'S, 421 Pine st. — Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 343 Haight:
Individual Instruc: ail branches; day, ev».
CALIFORNIA Business College. 023 Golden
Gate av».. S. F.: 75-page catalog on request.
EMPLOYMX5T OFPXCZS.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offiee)
supplies best help promptly: city or country.
S. IMURA. 833 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general he!n. "NATIONAL," 509 Hearst bid.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japaaese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell si; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE- Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton:
best help. Frtti TamagaJci.mgr.. tel. Bush S53.
RELIABLB Japanese- Chlneee Employment Of •
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main B1SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab, 20 year*.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLETY — CO.. 6*0 Clay.
IMPLOYMEUT WA-TTXCD — r~_tAZ._.
DRESSMAKER. flnt-dtM designer aad fitter,
formerly of New York, wishes engagement
In families. 1712 Sacramento st. ; phone Polk
2700 evenings.
SW_DISH woman wl»nes work by tae dayt
Wednesday and Saturday; best of references.
Address 1827 Vallejo st.
A LADY wants poeltion as housekeeper tor
elderly gentleman; best of references. Box
2265. Call offlce.
MIDDLE- AOED lady would llks position; will
do light housework and assist wlUx children;
la good nurse. 163 South Park.
SITUATION wanted by woman to do house-
work In private family; wages $15. $20.
Please call 214 Fifth Bt.. near Howard.
WOMAN wants dace to do general house-
work or upstairs work and care of children.
752 Fulton *t.
YOUNO woman wishes position to do general
housework: beat of references. Y. 31., 1941
Mission- st.
GOOD German woman wants position tn boart-
lng-house or hotel; good cook. Box 2263. Call.
YOUNO Swedish girl wishes position to do
housework. 123^ Lacgton st.
A GIRL for general housework and assist with
- cooking. Call at 24S3 Sutter st.
STRONG, willing, competent American woman,
temperate, honest, wants light sweeping and
washing by the day; fine Uundress; guaran-
tee -catisf action: $125 and carfare. 1S9
Fourth st., first flight, room 24.
RESPECTFUL Finnish girl would Ilk* situa-
tion in American family: la a good cook;
wages $30 and over. Please call at 13 Hope-
ton terrace, bet. Powell and Stockton «i.,
off Washington. _^^^^
DRESSMAKER — Coats and ladles* tailored
suits., evening gow ns; cutter and fitter; only
flrst-'class work done; work done at home;
engagements per day or week: no sign.
MISS HARS3. Sherman House. 23 Eighth.
WANTED — By a competent woman position mm
manager or housekeeper In private family,
lodging or apartment house, or charge of »
dtaing-room. Phone Jessie 4321, 10 to 12 m..
or 2 to 4:30 p.m. ; references.
A CHANCE — Capable, experienced stenogT»ph-
«r; centrally located; who has spare time,
would like, some outside work: copying or
dictated: owns machine; charges reasonable.
Box 1959. Call offlce.
WANTED— : By compe'tent. refined woman, po-
sition to look after children, upstairs work.
seamstress or housekeeper; no objections to
country. Box 24. Call branch. 1S31 Church.
A YOUNO colored girl would like position as
typewriter copyist, bookkeeper, general of-
flcf work: would accept small wages. Box
142C, Call offlce. Oakland.
WANTED By young lady, position In office:
understands typewriting; 5 years' experience;
can give references. Box 2312. Call office.
DRESSMAKER and tallcress; good fitter, cut-
ter and designer; will go out by tha day;
$2 50. 1422 Post st.. near Octavia.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants position to
do general housework; no postals. 2503
, Bush st. ¦ __
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a position
for second work. Pleas* call 52S Harrison
st., near Fin it. - • -
VEAT colored English woman wishes hoxae-
* work In a flrst-claj* family: good cook. Box
13SS. Call office.; tel. Folsom 2733.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper, stenog-
rapher or cashier by youns lady with expe-
rience. Address M. II.. box 2141. Call office.
LADY bookkeeper and stenographer wants po-
sition: have had six years' experleDC'e; can
[ furnish references. Cox 2203. Call offlce.
YOUNG lady (German), plays piano, desires
position as governess or companion. Box 09.
Call offlce.
A GIRL wants situation to do second work or
general housework; city references. 2014
Flllmore st.
DRESSMAKING In famlU#»: ladles' tailor-
made suits and evening dresses: only first-
class work done. 1237 Webster st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing or
house cleaning; $1 50 and carfare.. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 113 Hayes st.
SITUATION as a good cook: best of references;
no letters answered. 1626 Devlsadero st.
GOOD, reliable woman wishes - position aa
housekeeper. Box 1590 Call office.
EXPERIENCED typewriter and stenographer
desires, position.- Box 2128. Call offlce.
SITUATION 1 wanted . by first-class German
cook for private parties. Box 23S7. Call.
A -FRENCH laundress wishes laundering to do
*vat home; open air dry. " Phone 'Page 7931.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes — uhlns
.and mending. Phone Pajs 7031.
I.ODGING--tOTJS_3 FOB SAX ~ — Con.
MARION GRIFFIN!
ROOM 406, EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market Ms., tel. Black 3607; hotels and
rooming-housee for sale. WE GUARANTEE
GOOD TITLES.
SNAP, on sunny side of street, near Leaven-
worth; 8 rooms; $130 down and $150 In pay-
ments; rent $35: think It over.
MARION GRIFFIN.
NORTH of Market — $400 down; elegantly fur-
nished; would you like to put $75 In the
bank every month? If you have $400 to pay
down MARION GRIFFIN will back 3'ou for
the balance and put you in possession of
euch a 24-room house.
SPECULA TORSfl. If you have a thousand to
Invest, we can show you a 35-room house
'¦ that clears $95 monthly; we can sell It for
$1500; we back you with $500, to bo re-
turned to us In payments -
TO SUIT YOU. -
Furnishings are new and clean; rent $45;
price was $2500 and it's worth $2500 AS A
I BUSINESS OR SPECULATION.
-/' MARION GRIFFIN.
DEATH of owner causes sale of a 80-roora
house, 3 blocks north of Market; very finely
furnished; Immense transient trade; make
offer.
• MARION GRIFFIN.
ALL OUTSIDE ROOMS.
GUARANTEED INCOME $220 monthly;
expenses $98; POSITIVE PROFIT $122; cen-
trally located; 23 rooms; rent $3 50 per
room; price $1500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECTLY APPOINTED: new and mod-
ern: 50 rooms; centrally located; elegantly
• furnished; electricity for elevator and lights:
8-year lease; hot water In each room; all"
single rooms;* roomers mostly business men;
profit $351 monthly; you can pay $2000 down.
WE ARRANGE BALANCE FOR YOU.
MARION GRIFFIN.
BY INVESTING $200 and paying 6 per cent
peranum on balance you can have 4 beau-
tifully furnished, sunny, corner" rooms rent
free: It's a fine location; only 6 blocks north
of Msrket st.
MARION GRIFFIN.,
Room 406, Examiner Building.
SOME BARGAINS — Furnished rooming-house
In business center, making money, reason for
. selling owner gotng East, to the right party
easy payments; well-located European hotel;
choics family hotel : apartments , and flats.
.¦ furnished and unfurnished, for sale; prices
and terms will suit.
PACIFIC COAST . TRUST CO..
708 Market St., San Francisco, rooms 604-605.
15 ROOMS: Market St.; rent $60.... .....$1000
6-room. flat: rent $20.... :.;..... ...$250
• 24 rooms: rent $60. .$900
12 rooms; rent $45.. .$500
24 rooms; rent $105; will trade for land. $2400
j 25 rooms: rent $140: north of Market.. $1050
! ' SAWYER- BLETHEN CO..
:C,:., *,' 1118 Market st.
;...-.. ...MITCHELL & CO . ....
1206 Market st.. ......... .Phone Jessie 29S1
> Rcoming and apartment, houses., hotels and
. . flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed.
............ MITCHELL _ CO
23- ROOM house; rent $00; lease; fine location;
- -clears $80.
! MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
10-ROOM lodging-house for sale; rent $20:
water- free. „ * Owner," .712 Montgomery st..
: 10 a. m. to 6p.ni. , __ ;
12-ROOM house: only $20 rent; $600 cash; well
furnished. '625 Jessie St., bet. 6th and 7th.
FOR sale — Bargain: 11 rooms and bath; must
-? ' sell ¦ at " once. - 643 Geary . rrt TCi*. iilMJgliUryM'rt
COIiIiEOTIO-" OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific . Collection s Co.; : 415
x :¦ Montgomery st.; .- rooms 0-10.-. TeL > Main 5580.
. • CLOTHHTQ BE1TO YATHCO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
?v) dyeing." Bon Marche, Examiner bldg.t r. 410;
phono < Drumm, 44. . Call : for and deliver free.
BTJSIITESS CHANCES- -Contlnned. _
A— CAMERON _ CO. Phone South 1050.
3 EdJy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR eale — Well furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing: completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything
Ftrictly new and modern: accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to to East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble: best coast city In California; 50 stalls;
r*nt only $75 p«r mo.; well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes: long 'es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring cause of sale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for invcptors, such as first -class laundry,
ice cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list CAMERON
6 CO., 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate.
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AN ideal resort, 30 minutes" ride from city;
7 acres in shrubbery: 22 . rooms . furnished ;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years* lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct; clears $4,000 p«r
year; price $2200. For further"particulars
see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lumber and cement businesses in
S. F. ; cheap rent: horses and wagons; all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $600 to $800 per month; trial given If
desired; part down, balance on CAMERON
_ CO. ' ¦ .. ' ¦ ¦ V
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wisn to buy or sell property of any
description do not fall to call upon us; we
may have just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH,
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 346S.
DRUG store; first-class corner; cheap; offiee
rooms in connection; two years' lease, $30.
J. W. MULLEN, 27 Second st.
BEST roadhouse in Alameda County. KIRCH-
NER & MANTE. Ninth & Franklin, Oakland.
FOR sale — A small grocery and bar. I Inquire
at the Jackson Brewery, ; 1428 Mission et.
FOR sale — Half Interest In a two-chair barber
shop; cheap. Apply at 573% Bryant' st.
$100 — HONEST man partner In a good paying
business; can make $80 mo. 1130 Mrkt., r. 2.
SALOON for sale; 7 living rooms; price $450.
' 107 Georgia at.. Vallejo. ,
WANTED to buy— A saloon; location must be
good. Box 1276, Call offlce. ,
WANTED — Cigar stand. Address, with loca-
tion. etc.. box 1897. Call offlce. :
$850 — GROCERY and bar, 945 Bryant: rent
$25; -5 living rooms; good etock; must sell.
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber, shop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call offlce.
$90 — CORNER cigar store; good stock; rent
$5. Inquire 422 Fourth st.
SALOON for sale; cheap; good location ;. S38
Broadway, . Oakland. '.. -¦:.-;¦
[ . DENTISTS.
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 60; fillings, 50c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when -plates are
', made: old places made over -like '.new; teeth
• from $8 per set; extracting 60c; -gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, -cor. ¦ Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllllngs,25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c;. silver, 35c; 'crowns, $2; no
pain;open Sundays.- DrA.C.Hewltt. 204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. Burgeon-dentist.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, I cor:* O* Farretl.
DR. . R. L. .WALSH ; has moved from Geary
:y st/-- to ' cor. ; Butter, and j Grants aye. ' -.
ALL work guaranteed ; by; the 'New York den-
- ti9ts. Dr. J Perkins, 11st., 960 Mission/ cor. 6th.
cntAntyaTAJ-TS^^
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.
Hundreds are lifted from bad htalth. tad
luck. love, domestic and business troubles.
by the aid and advice of the popular clair-
voyant,
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clalrroyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
His former $5 reading this week for $1.
Read Carefully An Honest Proposition.
(You to be full Judged
No Charge No Charga
Unless you obtain the Information for which
you consult him.
I ho hereby solemnly agree to guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your nams
and what you want to know. I tell If hus-
band, wife or sweetheart Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry: tn fact, I
¦ will tell every hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; I will Improve-
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength In mental and bodily vigor,
and luck that insures success In business,
mining and speculation; I implant controlling
' power in your nature so you can, fascinate
any one you desire, -win the one you love,
bring back your loved one and cause mar-
riage with the one of choice; 10 a. m. to 8
. p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O' Farrell St.— 326.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THET COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL
DEMONSTRATION
OF THF. NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS. $1:
He bas met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He is acknowledged by air who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science; for
overcoming trouble, bad luck. Ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries. Would
it not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? To be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late. ij&SSgg
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who 1« permanently located at
42S Eddy St.: lady attendant. . ,
Everything strictly confidential.
Three separate reception parlors. ,
A PROF. MAYO.
The Greatest Livlnie Adviser on th« '
Continent.
Special this week full-life readings, $1; satis-
faction guaranteed or no fee accented. At a
glance, before you have a chance to- utter one
word, he will tell you what you came for; give
names, dates, facts and figures; he tells you
every wish of your, life; how to gain success In
love, courtship.' marriage and divorce; whether
you will be successful in business affairs; In
fact, no matter what may be your fear, hope or
ambition, call on this gifted man and find re-
lief. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood be-
fore you. He will send you away happier,
wiser and bolder than before. He tells you
everything— good or bad; you hear the truth
»nd nothing but the truth.
All business confidential.
421 Ellis st.
Hours. 10 a- m. to 8 p. m.. dally and Sunday.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAM0U3
.; Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently-located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg. ; she reads your life correctly.
* gives an accurate description of the past, re-
¦ veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; Jf you are In
trouble, -discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic. love or business trou-
bles, consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
A— Miss* M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given;. special. $1; hours 10 to S.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 11W
Market St., San Francisco. Offlce hours — 10
a. m. to 6 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; We<ines-
day evening. B to 8. Phone South int..
I MME. ALTHEA. trance clairvoyant; call and
I b« convinced: wonderful powers. 690 Fulton
.St.. nr. Buchanan :»hrs. 3 to 11 p.m. ; no sign.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm. ;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 30c.
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
PROF JOHNS palmist and psychic card'
reader; readings. 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. 612
1 ' Jessie st. , " ¦¦'¦!»" .5.
BLACKMAN. adept , palmist^, has the ring of
- i Solomon. In both hands; 10 to 5. 537 O'Farrell
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading, tea
Vlea___J_________________^________
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-kno— _ fortune-
teller,!* now at 317, Ellis at..; -•
j BUSIKESSjCHAITC~S i ___
NO TRIFLERS NEED TO APPLT.
IF YOU MEAN BUSINESS.
See R. G. WILKE, 26Vi Kearny st.
Department store; dry goods, clothing and
carpets; business established 35 years and
known as one of the best paying mercantile
establishments across the bay; stock will in-
voice to about $35,0<X>; owner to retire; will
accept 14 cash, balance on first-class security.
A — $1800; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday, work; rent $75;
• leaee; a good paying business; value In sight;
owner engaged otherwise. Bee R. G. WILKE,
26 '? Kearny Bt.
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition: 5 living rooms; rent $45; 4\i years'
k aw 3 ; splendid location and good-paying bus-
lness. R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place
eurrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26 Vi
Kearny «t.
A — $2S00; CORNER bakery and confectionery.
Ice-cream parlor, etc; 4 fine living rooms;
rent $50; one of the best of its kind of busi-
ness in the city. See R. G. WILKE. 26^4
Kearny st.
A— $20cO; CORNER grocery and bar, with
living-rooms; rent $45; best location on Mis-
sion tt.; place established years; fresh stock:
value in sight and a good paying store. See
R. O. WILKE. -26>4 Kearny st. \
A — $500; CANDT. Ice cream and tamale par-
lor on Devlsadero st. and 3 nice furnished
rooms: rent $25: a bargain: owner sacrifices,
as he must leave the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— StiSOO; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.: rent $250; return rent $175:
place doing good business; full value in sight;
a great bargain. See R.G.WILKE.26%Kearny.
A— $6000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly Income $1000: one of the
bert business properties: about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $1600; cigar Etand, corner, choicest and best
location In this city; rent $10; large stock of
leading brands; will nearly Invoice the price.
See R. G. WILKE. 26^. Kearny at.
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent tlOO; lease;
with nrst-clats paying saloon In manufactur-
ing town across the bay: a good paying busi-
ness.. See R. O. WILKE, 26H Kearny Bt.
A — $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; close
to 4 theaters; rent $100: well established
business; full value In sight; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE. 2€% Kearny st.
A— $6500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses. 2 hacks. 1 coupe, 18 bug-
gies harnesses, etc.; 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a first-class paying business: rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds, 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; In lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $900; CORNER saloon on Fourth St.; rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st^
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25,
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market et. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $2600; HOTEL in San Mateo County; 23
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
Ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
street; rent $60: living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2500; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $SOr>; CORNER salcon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business: sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Eunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
REALTY EXCHANGE CO..
F. A. BARR, MGR..
SUITE 807 and SOS. CALL BUILDING.
UNEQUALED OPPORTUNITY.
OVER $12,000 ANNUAL NET PROFIT.
ONLY $16,000 CASH REQUIRED.
REMAINDER PURCHASE PRICE CA2* BE
PAID OUT IN NET PROFITS.
OVERCROWDED WITH WORK AND NOW
DOING A MONTHLY BUSINESS OF OVER
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS.
Can b* Increased to $15,000 monthly by
Investing a few thousand dollars In additional
machinery.
Beet reasons .for selllnr.
THIP OPPORTUNITY CANNOT BE DU-
PLICATED IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NO CURIOSITY SEEKERS WANTED, BUT
parties with capital and meaning business can
obtain full sartlculars from
THE REAXTY EXCHANGE CO..
Suite 607 and R08 Call Building.
MILLINERY store, new 6tock, rent $90... $1100.
Cigar stand. Mascn st., rent $20 $100
Cifrar stand, 7th St., rent low; sell at Invoice.
Drug store, across bay. rent $30 $2500
Saloon, Folsom. llv. rms.. well stocked. $1100
Saloon. O'Farrell St.. license, rent $90. .$1500
Restaurant. Third St., well est.. Beats 58. $300
Restaurant. 4th St.. rent $22 .V); seats 46. $325
Grocery and bar, llv. rms., rent $20 $350
Bak. and Ice cream par., wagon route.. $2500
General store, 5 living rooms, rent $25.. $900
EAWYER-BLETHEN CO..
1118 Market st.
A SET of mahogany bar fixtures, complete: 24
ft. long: a grand front and back bar and a
grand mahogany ice box, at a sacrifice; call
quick.
A 5-year lease for sale; -one of the very
best locations In town for a grocery and bar.
R. E. CALLAHAN,
. 135 Second St.
FOR sale — "Snap" for a dentist If taken at
once; well established practice; good In-
come; fully equipped office; five completely
furnished rooms for housekeeping, adjoining
office, which can be used for dentistry If
deMred: private entrance; party going away.
Address 13T.3 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
WANTED— Hustler with ability to sell candy
on salary; $15 to *30 per week; must have a
little money to become a member of co-
operative corporation under California lp.ws.
Apply Immediately. KELLER CANDY CO..
477 Seventh St.. Oakland ; branch San Francisco
THE real estate businers of FRANK P. LEE.
located at 911 Broadway, bet. 8th and Oth
sts.. Oakland, together with full office equip-
ment, counters, desks, safe, typewriter, etc..
is for rale. Any one interested will kindly
. call at above address for further particulars.
HOTEL bUBinesa for sale: reasonable: blir
buainens for two; clears ¥400 per month; 64
bedrooms, dining-room seats 46: Ipase given.
For particulars write M. F. CARDOZO, Mer-
ced, Cal.
$325— BRANCH bakery, candy and variety
store, with 4 living rooms and bath: rent
reasonable: receipts average $8 to $12 per
day; must be nolrt at once; other business
cause of selling. 1108 Webster st.. Oakland.
FOR sale — Eighth Interest In new steam
schooner; oil burner; one of the best boats
on the coast; Is paying 15 per cent net. For
particulars address MRS. J. H. MANS-
FIELD, Redwood City, Cal.
; I $600-«-Re*taurant. north Market, near Kearny;
stands lnves.; rent $60. BERG. 318 Kearny.
$150 — PARTNER; need partner more than
• money; call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
PARTNER -wanted that 1» reliable and honest;
light indoor business; established for yeara;
i psys at least $85 per month to each; very
small capital required. 87 3d st.. room 14.
AA — SPLENDID proposition, requiring the use
of $700 or $800: will pay handsome return In
four montha. Box 2260. Call office.
• SALOON men. attention! $375 bargain; paying
; corner saloon; large stock; owner retiring;
• license transferable. Cigar store. 1241 Market.
CAMPAIGN buttons for 6ale; both Presidential
! candidates; also city peddling license; cheap.
• Box 1593. Call otflce. Oakland.
• A BARGAIN— Bakery and notion store for
¦ *ale cheap: party going away. 1717 Twelfth
et.. Oakland.
BOOK store with living rooms In rear; $1500
caeh; vslue in sight; a splendid opportunity
j Box 1421. Call offlce. Oakland.
; DELICATESSEN or small branch bakery
Bo a x nt gl3. C C?l? : of'nte te "^ "* »"" c "~"'-
¦ YACHTSMEN and business men— All kind.
of drawing : and tracing will < be done cheat*
; and exacUy. Box 1718. CalL .
$5000— GROCERY and bar; residence district.
N. MVt; low rent; lease; recpta $75 day; snap-
taverttratc. • ,¦ PAC-- BUS. ASS'N. 1148 Mkt. '
i RESTAURANT for sale - 1» business center of
* the Western Addition; good trade. Box 1540
Call office. ¦¦-. '-¦-., -- ¦:-..' '
FOR rent — Roadhouse. old established: Napa
Sonoma Co.; $10/ F. HANSEN.i, Napa. Cal.
. $100— HONEST man partner.ln. a rood paying
¦ business; can make $50 mo. 1130 Mrkt., r. 2.
CABPET BEATIgg AjTO C^AniKQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process ueed
for cleaning- carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. > S. F. Com-
preseed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479. -
WHEN you become distrusted wltb your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
inB works. 355-357 Teharca et. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S00 Har-
rison st. ; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED IIAQE-
DQRN & CO.: phone Mission 223. j*
CONKLING'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHKLL'S.' 240 Fourteenth st. — Firxt-claes
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74«
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses me.de over. 1432 Howard :tel. South 21«
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM _ CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.; tel. Mission 263.
A WEEK"S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Cah,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
XODQING-HOUSES ~OB SAM.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy et.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Koomins-house«, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years* lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
flret-claRs condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearlne now . $i'00 j per month: If run
transient can clear $300 to S35O per month;
here is best proposition ¦ In city.
. 7-room modern Hat, close in, well furnished;
cost $800; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
2B rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars. .
103 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room; long
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; ' chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clear-
ing $330 to ?45O at bargain; owner obliged to
leave for Eurooe to settle an., estate; make
offer; exclusively with us. '
: 80- room, new, modern 2 and 3*room apart-
ment-house; . oheap rent; • most elegantly
equipped. in city; 5 years* lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account sickness. ¦
; 45 rooms; rent only $125; flrst-cla«s location;
well furnished and good running" order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in ci^, ; account sickness; price $4500.
. ISO room?; grand, new, modern ¦ ajartment- '
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $60O per month;
close In; full of nice people; .bargain If taken
at once;, dissolution of partnership.^
60 rooms; new, modern building:;; elegantly,
furnished; close In; •-¦ full' of > first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit: fine .opportunity to
get; an up-to-date- house reasonable; sickness.
,24 rooms: rent $145; new and '• elegantly "fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
16 rooms; rent |65; good furniture and'ear-
pets; alawys full; must 'sell -within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer. ¦
,30. rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown; fine respectable money-
making house ; part down, balance ; reasonable
interest. . ,-....
8- room flat: ' rent ¦ only $5O: water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
; 128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; ;!weH^ furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month;, must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
/ 65 rooms;, best: downtown commercial, house
in city; clearing now .$300; per., month ;. every-
thing first-class condltlon;'.will.tradefor Oak-
land, ¦ Alameda or Berkeley ¦ property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
' 21 "rooms; cheap- rent: 'very - central; good
furniture and: carpets; clears $100 per. month;
must-leave city: make an offer. " ; * t- --¦•-¦
¦: :S4 rooms; cheap rent;'thoroughly. renovated;
all .In, 'fine, shaoe; fine; little' apartment- house;
clears $150; reducedj:to;$2800. . rJ t • ,
- Large list of reat estate,": rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
; ... CAMERON <fc CO., > 3 . Eddy st ¦ >
ra3_==TEA GARDEN DRIP5-THE PERFECTION CT TABLE
tli?_? Tll)9uCk 'M A QUART CAN OF =
Mf fli|hf^ "A H ¦ ' Home Industry— the choicest, product.
Si W^^m^^^^W H ' of the Pacific Coast, Symp Co.
i| I ' Ess COLD bread %
ill J l^f^ Slr^ JilliS-fl S| .Tea Garden Drips have a flavor all their own
II® $|My IPllfil H anc * a sweetncss not contained in any other syrup.
in (?iiH IP It is by long odds the most popular Syrup on the
— i§>* .^$jN/iriE!/* /a_AT v HI Pacific Coast. Any one bringing a Want Ad to
f|| ||^5AMfMNaWwsu^ m THURSDAY, FRIDAY
OR SATURDAY
wm recdve ' FREE a coupon good at any grocery
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1904.
11
A— HURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
Phone Main CS4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French, Italian.
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
60,000 Men Work. Increase 00,000.
CARPENTERS— CABINET-MAKERS.
5 carpenters, factory, fare $1. $3 50 day.
25 carpenters, Nevada State. $3 60 day.
4 carpenters, fare 10c, $3 day.
Carpenter for a ranch, $50 and found.
: WHEELWRIGHT., NEVAQA. $3 DAY.
2 shinglers, 50c fare, $1 per M.
0 woodworkers. 5 bench hands.
14 cabin«t-makers, factory work.
Matcher and sticker hand. $3 50 day.
Carder, cotton machine, $2 25 day.
2 cut-off sawyers, country, $75.
Handy man carpenter's tools, mine, $3 day.
2 carpenters, Sonoma Co., 50o fare, $3 day.
Table-makerr. 3 brushmakers, band sawyer.
Gang trlmm«rman. fare $2 60, $50 found.
LOOK!
Blacksmith, Government job, Nevada, $3 50
day.
Machine hands, furniture factory.
3 PAINTERS, $2 50 TO $3 DAY.
3 painters, city house work, $3 day.
Sign painter, wagon, etc., fare $1, $32 60 fd.
6 PLUMBERS, $4 60 DAY.
Your fare paid; non-union men.
—12 PLASTERERS. $4 60 DAY.—
— < IRON MOLDERS—
Well digger, $40 and found; leverman, dredg-
er. $76. :
NON-UNION PLUMBER. CITY.
MISCELLANEOUS POSITIONS.
Farmer and wife, no woman on ranch. $00. t
Farmer and wife, fare $3. $48 and found.
Apple packers and pickers. 132 and found.
Laborer, city pickle factory, $10 week.
STENOGRAPHER, $45.
Gardener, private residence, boss here. $30
and found.
8 boys for city stores, $4 week.
Helper, city wholesale house, $40.
DRAPERY SALESMAN.
STABLEMEN.
18 stablemen, city and country, $75, $60, $40,
. $30 and found. .
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
BAKERS.
Confectioner, city. $20 week.
2 bakers, $45; helper, city bakery, $30 and fd.
TOM MARTIN. BUTCHER, WANTED.
SHEEP BUTCHERS. SAUSAGE MAKERS.
. Slaughter-house butcher, fare paid, $30 and
found.
Knife men, shop men, etc.
COOKS.
0 cooks, different Jobs, $60. $50. $40, $30 fd.
Cook, hotel, $60; cook, ranch, $30 and found.
6 waiters, porters, bedmakers, $20 to $35 fd.
Slavonian steward, $50 and found.
Orderly, Institution, $15 and found.
2 waiters, mine, $25 and found; dishwasher,
$20 and found.
Greek porter, country saloon, $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
JERKLINB teamster, $2 26 and $2 50 day.
NEW JOBS.
25 track men, $67 60 to $75.
12 laborers, lumber company, $60.
BOYS. BOYS. BOYS.
25 boys for factorv, $30 and found.
SPECIAL U. S.
GOVERNMENT WORK, NEVADA.
6S teamsters and laborers, $75.
65 WOODCHOPPERS.
FARM HANDS.
25 farm hands, $30, $26 and found.
15 choremen and boys, ranches, $15 to $30 fd.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; constant practice and expert in-
struction; positions secured; special induce-
ments this month; catalogue mailed free.
Mol«r System College, 835 Clay at. ¦
WANTED — Competent young man aa stenog-
rapher: only those with experience need ap-
ply. HENRY COWELL. LIME & CEMENT
CO., 211 Drumm st. . . •
WANTED— A man who has had experience
cutting lumber in mattress factory. Apply
WAKEFIELD MFO. CO., 461 and 463 Fourth
st., Oakland.
LIFE positions at good salaries in Government
service and how to. secure them. For full
particulars apply Pacific Correspondence In-
stitute, Grant bldg., 1005 Market st., S. F.
LADY wants steady, active young man part-
.' ner with $300; well established business that
will pay him $30 week and over. Call b25
Market st., room 437.
WANTED — An all around registered dentist In
an adv-fttislnc .offlce in a .city of 30.000; good
salary to . the right man. ? Address ; box
2320, Call" office.
TOUNG or middle-aged* man of good habits
having $25 cafh can learn paying trade;
tteady wcrk: good ' wages while learning.
Call 212 First st.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD
& SMITH, 95 Third Bt.-. S. F.
WANTED^ — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns and write short articles for publica-
tion; $80 per month and expenses; references
required. Box 2369, Call offlce.
ALL classes of machinists furnished on short
notice by Machinists' Union. 1150 Mleslon
st. Phone Mint 2406; office hours 8 a. m.
to 5 p. m.
WANTED — 100 men and women to learn bar-
ber trade; new method; wages paid while
learning; special Inducement this month.
Haight Branch No. 1. 647 Commercial st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
EXPERIENCED all around dry goods clerk
for country; $75 month. Apply 119 Bush St.,
room 12.
WANTED — Experienced silk salesman for a
retail dry goods house. Address A. B. & CO..
box 2258. Call offlce.
WANTED — One carpenter. 1 bricklayer and
• boy to learn plumbing trade, at 612 Merchant
st.; call early to-day.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop ($75) in nearby
town, with 2 furnished rooms. Inquire barber
*hop. corner Fourteenth and Folsom sts.
EXPERIENCED sll around dry goods clerk
for country; $75 month. Apply 119 Bush St.,
rocm 12.
WANTED hy wholesale house, bright boy for
¦ sample room: state age and references In
cwn handwriting. Box 1785. Call offlce.
BARBER shop in Western Addition; 2 chairs;
old stand; a good thing; cheap for right
party.' STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
BARBER ahop In business center; finely fur-
nished; good stand; can be had at most rea-
sonable price. ST0LT2, 723 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 80
pair; foot- form shoes, $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 Sd St., Exam. bld.;open till 9 p.m.
WANTED — Three laborers at Fourteenth ave.
and N st. South; take Kentucky-st cars.
BOY wanted to work in flower store. Call bet.
8 and \0 a. m. at 80S Valencia st/
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re-
palred by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln.,75c.
MAN to learn the barber trade; wages while
learning. Call at 751 Mission st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. S2S Montpy..r.415.
BAILORS and young men (green hands) for
2_«hlp«. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty., E.A.Bullis.r.40,Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Qeo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recelved~at
. Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 roomie 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL lists men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
fJ _ ;_ i HO»as8 j A»P j _; vaqors.
A STANDARD bred horse for Bale: 17 hands
high; 8 years old; will weigh 1350 lbs.; or
will exchange for a good draft horse: also
a fine pony for sale; single-footer; will ride
% or drive, saddle and bridle. 1521 Railroad
ave., Alameda.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stablts. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
FOR sale— Buggy, $40. 1318 Grove it. ,
WANTED— A good strong horse suitable for
delivery .wacon. Address box 1336. Call.
WANTED — A business buggy, rubber tired.
Box 1263, Call office. '
GOING out 1 of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1C180 Mission st., nr. 13th.
AUCTION rale of horses. ( wagons and harness
every Wednesday at IT a. m. 327 Sixth at.
WAGONETTES. >urreys, buggies, wagons, har-
- nes>. work and driving horses. .lBth-Valencla.
HOUSES TO I.ET— -STTBTJBBAK.
TO rent-^-Country.home; 10 rooms;,bath, piano
: . ar.d, carriage:' cheap to -right party; plenty
of water; ideal spot for poultry. Call 725
• .Turk. " ¦ ¦ " -.¦ . ' :.'.'¦-. -:;.
** I^ 1 '^* ish€s ?5ltlr.n ts n;ak*r in millinery;
*- ••<¦' to *? a «•••*>*. Address :>cx 2152. Call.
"N'OI.lSH fj>eak!n£ Japanese »ni wife rvant
t-< jet crork in i>rli-at<* famiiv. Box 21<3,
Call office a
A JAPANESE girl vents a position as school-
_<T-rt- H. Ml'RA. .S07 Poik st.
\.'VKRT:se>IKNTS. sur-tcrlrtions received at
»¦ «'! .Blanch otflce.cor. Duncan and Church *t».
-AST a<1* and :•¦: bscrtptiona taker, fcr Tlie
Chi! p.t Raton's Darnar. <Ct3 McAllister tt.
SM7LOY2ZS2TT WANTED — MALE
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
erattbi wts of !>ocU& to keep, owning and
cioFlce books, experting accounts, etc. Box
-.283. Call office.
VOl'NG 1. ¦¦„:,. 17 yearp old. desires position in
wholesale huus». ofJW or outside wrk; best
cT references: nrt afraid to v.-ork. Box 22tS4,
<"aJl o;fic*.
A YOUNG man. 0 years' experience in machine
*!v>p, wem* work of *ny kind. Call or ad-
dress V. EANKS. CJ7 Jetsie st.
EXPERIENCED, reliable, sober and handy
rnan. porur cr hou?omaB, in city hotel, or
porter in wholesale house. Box 2401. Call.
riTUATION wanted by a good milker. Ad-
fireES F. B., 1500 Stockton st.
STKITCTT'RAL draughtsman, good detailer and
computer. wtgttM position. Box 2271. Call.
STEWARD
\Vjth fir5i-<~!a«? Eastern references
Wants a position, city or country.
Hotel or restauraxt-
Box 2J32. Call office.
W ANTED- - w j a reliable married man a po-
•Ot'.i-n a« working foreman on a stock, grain
ur fruit ranch; wife will cook for a few men;
-ri'rmnd .-:.-- k and ranch work in all ita 1
branches; thoroughly capable of taking full I
chargt. Address box 2318. Cal lofflce. I
experience'! farmer in all branches, grain,
orchfeids. vine*, veg^tfbles for truck or ran-
:>T:e«. cattle ar.rt hog raifing; will improve
nrw lands: would i«ke charge <>f or on
tharer. Address Foreman. 165 Teham* st.
niCGINEER — A practical stationary engineer
of lfi years' txixtrience. any style of engine,
»pul3 take job at anything, engine-room or
boil«r-rocai; s.11 around m&n; satisfaction
fc-uariin'c-ed. Bex 2246. Call offlce.
MAN and wife, young; man experienced coaci*-
man; do gardening if required: wife is a
jtnod cook; J60; flr*t-cla«s references. Box
_2255, Call efflce.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk in grocer}' and barroom;
P.r£t-cla*b refers nces. W. BOHLING. 417
Kearny at.
A. RELIABLE niiddle-air»d German wishes
work of some kind: understands taking care
of steam tv>ller; will work by day or night.
Box 1422, Call office. Oakland.
A SITUATION* wanted to tak,e care of private
place by reliable raan; understands garden-
ing, care of horses »nd milking; good refer-
«nc^«. I5ox 21'33. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position to milk cows, tend horses
or take care of place; references. Address
GEORGE WOIXAP. Dominican Sisters,
Twenty- fourth snd Guerrero sts.
CCLLECTOK — Situation wanted by a man of
several years' experience; will furnish best
i/f reference and bend if necessary. Address
box SXQ. <•*•.! offio*.
WATCHMAN — Day or night: situation wanted
In city or country by a not>*r and reliable
n--an; can furnish best of reference and bond
If n*ces*ary. Bex 2.S31. Call office.
MrrHANICAL draughtsman, gcod designer
and detailer. 18 years' experience mining
power plants, factories wants work. Box
J&00. Call offlce.
SOBER, cteady and Industrious young Swedish
man wishes poaltion as watchman or all
around ir.an in wholesale house or freight
.-¦.:<¦*. Address F. MOOR. 1168 Harrison it.
A STEADY and sober man wants position In
wholesale liquor house to deliver goods and
take crders. cr solicit; good reference*. Ad-
dr«*s 723 York st. .
MIDDLE-AGED men. German, Al gardener
in aU its branches; »cbtr and willlnr: able
to take cht.rre cf gentleman's place; wife a
rofi-i ccok: er.Iy 2 in family. Box 2014. <?all.
'A ANTED— Position by barber with slight
knowi»ftg# of business; small wages to start
with: city or country. Box 2Z*iS. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as night watchman, jan-
itor, roller, collector or work in private
l>l«re; Al reference*. Box 2251. Call offlce.
A SOBER, steady German desires position to
care for livestock or any kind of work.
Box 1423. Call office. Oakland.
PAPERHANGER. first class, wants private
work cr for. decorators; city or country. Box
22T>e. Call offlce.
TAILORS, attention — A cutter of exceptional
?¦xj-'erien'* and ability seeks engagement.
Box 2238. CeJl office.
YOUNG Arr.erxan. strong, healthy and willing
to work, desires position, city or country.
Box 2212. Cell office.
OCULIST from East of considerable experi-
• nce desires pocltion with optician. DR.
PHILLIPS. 204 Opegoclan b!dg.. Portland.Or.
FIRST-CLASS, alt around machinist decires
t-ituation on -.r.y kind of s :acftlnery. Box
2247, Call office.
HOTEL clerk— Situation wanted in city or
country by an experienced man; will furnish
best cf references. Address box 2330. Call.
GERMAN butcher wishes situation in meat
market. pork or delicatessen store. C.
£££RUARD. 267 Baa Jose av«.
AN Intelligent J&panese withes a position to
wait on table in morning and evening. Ad-
dress 1727 Green st.
CHAUFFEUR, reliable and steady, wants posi-
tion driving private automobile; also to care
for earn*. Box 2398. Call offlc«.
MAN and wife wish work, man as coac&man
or gardener; wife good cook cr d-j houK»-
work: both wait on table. Box 23S1. Call.
A RELIABLE young man of 24 deslret a good
perir.&rseEt situation; can furnUh best of
i«:»r»nce*. Rax 2203. Call.
EXPERIENCED moving picture and stereop-
ticcn operator: expert electrician: beet of city
references. Box 2209. Call office.
A FIHET-CLAES baker on cake and bread de-
>:ifj a situation tn country; state wages.
Box 2273. Call office.
YOUNG man desires oorition In ar.y kind of
?tore with t-mall v.-artt for while till leara
the tniilW, Address .",15 Fourth el.
A RELIAELE ir.an wants p««Itlon as night
wsttdusas: rer«r«ice*. Addrecs I. B.. 7Bfl'
Kcljtom st.
OI:N'7I.EMAN nurse would like care of In-
valid: bt»t refertacts. Bos 1414. Call offlce.
Oakland.
BARBER wants work ev*n!ngs, Saturday and
Sunday. Addr*«» box 2232. Call offlc-
STATION Alt T engineer wants employment;
good rel*r<rnc*». Box 23CS. Call office.
CHINESE, excellent rook, very nice references,
» ;5h*» a situation in family: city or country:
•rase* $35. AJdrers 7:;4A Jackson *t.. room
21, i.iicne China 146, between S and 11 a, m.
WANTED— Position by a flrst-cla*s Chinese
cook; family or bftarding-houHe. E. L., 1113
Clay rt. : tcl. Blade 3C2S.
CHINESE co<k. long experience, wishes posl-
P<!on tn rriv'Ate family a« ccok; wages not
t-elow $li»: reference.*; satisfaction. Call
F. L L. 7C1 Clay *t. -.,<
i.HINHSK. firM-claes cook, desires position In
fer.i;;j\_ 1112 Stockton et.
A CIIINKSR, nrtrt-<-:aFs cook, wish's position
_a« rvok. THOMKEY. 27 Waverly place.
CHIN US <!e«lr#« potion as cook In private
:fci.T!y. CIIOXQ WING. 302 Clay st.
A CftlXOX cood cook wants position In a I
family. SAM. 21 Bienham place.
A FTRONO JapnneKe. honest boy. wants a po-
ultlon to do stop- work: *pcaks En^rlifh-
«'«g** *" f-0 ft »x>k and up. Address JERKY I
K. AIZAWA. M2 IV-sh et. *
A JAPANHSF. br.y with good experience of
cooking dftiiTS pofitlcn tn family. GEOUGE
IMS Larkin ft.: rkone Polk 2240.
A JAPANESE, hnr.+rt bey. wants po*Itlon~as
crhoot boy. cr to <!•> housework In cood fam-
ily. <n city cr country. T. TOJO. B!4 Pine, j
A JAPANESE iioy wants work as schoolboy cr 1
r:v half rfay: rt*aks English. T. UYENO.
*.Zi Cor.ry St.. c\',y.
PAITtfFCX* Jcr'an'»e boy v.-tuhes a position to
' J.i boms'trortt or l:'trh»n help in email fam-
ily: small waf»f. T. 1TOW. 514 Pine st. .
A OOOD .T«p«ne««» boy wnsts a place as school-
hoy. IXEDA; Joi-JT.e»e Mission. 725 Geary.
JAPANESE rood boy %v!xh»s *Huat!on as a
•mhocuboy. O. TAG I. V'SA California «t.
JAPANESE I'O.v want* a petition at housework.
*C« Clement aC •
DIAMONDS and Jewelry, on email weekly or
monthly payment*. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
goroery st.. room 12. upstairs.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery t.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all slies. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER St CO.. room 406. Ad-
ams bldg.. 206 Kearny et.; phone Black 3036.
TO buy two Knight Templar R. R. tickets to
St. Louis; lady's and gent's. Address P. O.
box 311. Berkeley. -
HIGHEST prices for ladies', gents' castoff cloth-
ing., etc. TeL Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
A BIO price for ladles' and gents" castoff
clothing. »22 Folsom st. ; tel. Folsom 3522.
HIGHEST prices paid; gents' eastoff clothing
and shoes. Tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington st.
T1LTON wants good second-hand clothing an<*
theatrical goods. 154 9th at.: tel. Jessie 28S1.
MONET TO 1 LOAN.^
—MANHATTAN LOAN "(Fnc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST iW and 6 per cent
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies,
estates in probate, undivided Interests tn
property, probate realty loans, stocks and 1
bonds, legacies and undivided 'Interests In
property purchaeed.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5824.
AA A— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner buiMlng.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
*~ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, . town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of. property or chattels.
Location, etc
Box 400. Call office.
BALARY LOANS —
Money loaned salaried people without, secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldgj
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates: no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 3tJ.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
YOUNG & CO., room 537 Parrott bldg., loan
money on furniture, pianos, etc.. at about
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid off.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton St..
near Market.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton St.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month.
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities,
$25 up, without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and. Bond Co., 60 Columbian bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 326 Parrott bid.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal:
no commission; no publicity: $25 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery »t_, rm. 21.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rialto
bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
TO salaried people without security; on fucnl-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'B. 10 Sixth St.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. d. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianoe; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoratr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
musical rn8truments.
XTjst~ot~up^ighT^bargains^ "
Chlckering. rosewood, perfect order; Chlck-
ering mahogany, good as new; Weber, ma-
hogany goo«* as new, three pedals; Vose.
walnut case, a snap; Sterling oak case,
used ten months; Wlllard. used one year,
fine condition, easy payments— fully guaran-
teed: from $163 up.
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos: all makes in used Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.; Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Curtsz Piano Co.. 060-62-64
Hayes st. ; tel. Fell 6761.
UPRIGHT pianos, former prices $278 to $350.
now M17 to $168. 769 Market St.. second
floor. .•;»".' • ."*.¦-¦
CHOICE of Boston musical or Cortols slide
trombone at less than half price. 769 Mar-
ket St.. second floor. " • ¦•••/.
$90— UPRIGHT grand. Dearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
WALNUT upright like new. worth $273. for
$117 at 7C9 Market St.. second floor.
PIANO players, former price $250, now $113.
7C9 Market St.. second floor.
Talking machines, guitars, etc.; easy payments;
month's piano rent free. Brnenn. 225 Sutter.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $13.V 237 Oeary «t. -¦ -
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A- CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Ehonlnger. little n^d. Keeffe'm. 288 O'FarreU.
ornois and STOBxa to let.
ELEGANT offices; new Italian- American Bank
b!d£., SE. cor. Montg. & facto.; light and
sunny. Q. H. UMBSEN tt CO.. 20 Montg.
TO let — Small • offlce. $10; also desk room" for
$S. 36 Geary St.
FOR rent — Section of large loft; light and airy.
L. MINK. 10O New Montgomery St.. 7th floor
PERSONALS.
I A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with on«-
half of face treated: I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles,
I Smallpox pittlngs, etc.; ¦
Restore lost contour.
If you desire a fresh, young face, call or
write. MMK. OILUNOHAM. 131 Powell st.
"REXRADIO'S" (ten seconds) treatment en-
abled me to raise my nearly powerless foot
¦to a chair, run and "leap"; I did these be-
fore "impossible" things at his (public) heal-
ing meeting. Interview me. — Public healing.
8 p. m. ; of flea hours g to 7. 783% Market st.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatlnm. paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL * BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, tm-
' proves Its growth, stops falling, cum dandruS
and Itching scalp:' no stain or stickiness;
cleanses *calp;aidrugfflsts', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.. 1333 PoIV.
BEST on earth— Bsrradas liver, kidney, ague.
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured: $1.
.BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 830 Grant ave.
ANY one knowing the whereabouts of GUSTAV
THEBES ktndiy Inform COTTON BROS..
Oakland Cal. Information to his Interest.
A GUARANTEE TO GRQW HAIR
On the worst. bald head.. Call or writ*.
DR. G. S. MOORE, 832 O'Farrell st.
HOUSES TO XiET^
A— PRINTED list of house3 to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.," 20 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET— PUBNISHEP.
A BEAUTIFUL new house, 9 rooms, near
Golden Gate Park; every modern conven-
. ience; no agents. Box 2237, Call offlce.
HOWARD. 2130, near Eighteenth — 8 rooms,
well furnished: rent $50. 1 to 4 p. m. ¦" ¦-
HOUSES rUBNISHSD— fOB
$6500 EACH — Best bargain ei-er offered; 3
residences of 9 rooms each; Just finished;
cor. Fell and Fillmore sts.; cpen for in-
soectlon from I to 3.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD rented, exc)ukOged: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle ASt. 2018 Mkt. :tel. Park 77i.
• LOST AND FOUND.
$100 REWARD.
; Lost — A solitaire diamond ring, on Wednes-
day afternocn, on Market St., between Grant
j ave. and Eddy st. Return to California Ho-
•tel, room 900.
LOST — Book of Union Trust Company of San
Francisco, in name of GEORGE H. BO-
8INGER; Return to bank, 2 Montgomery
St., San Francisco.
LOST — Statement book of S. F. Gas and Elec-
tric Co., Monday evening. Reward at 114A
Langtcn st. 1
LOST — A bunch of keys, about 14, on a wire
Tins," en Monday. Return to 766 Bush st.
and receive reward.
LOST — Turquoise brooch at bartenders* ball,
Oct. I.- 1 Finder will please return same to
431% Tehama et. and receive reward.
LOST— Gold locket, with photograph. Return
to 811 Howard St.; reward.
LOST — Black greyhound; reward given. Return
- to 133S Jackson st.
LOST— Bull bitch: name Fanny: collar; license
No. 4064. Return to 220 Sixth St.; reward.
LOST — Male collie; answers to name Imp. Re-
! turn to 120S Sutter st. and receive reward.
LOST — Young gray horse: thin; no shoes. Re-
turn to Belle Saloon, Colma; reward.
LOST — Blue Dane don, with collar and li-
cense. Return to 3371 21st st.; reward.
LIKE FINDING MONEY. 1
Selling your old gold and silver to the Mod-
' ern Watch Case Factory to be made into new
watch cascti. 220 Sutter st.
LAUKCHrS POS HIBE.
C. A McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st. ;' for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J Michaelis Launch Co.. Union-st. Wharf ; bosit-
1 ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ;tgl.John 26Sti.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. : phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you" are In trouble, conflde In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE 1
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R,
H. WESTON. offlce 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post at.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S>4 Market st., opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 00 by expreas. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipts .price. . OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. •_
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' specialist, now
. visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st.
PRAE — Dr. Robertson's remedy; a protection
against Irregularities; absolute safety guar-
anteed; $1 box. The Robertson Co., 615
Grant bldg.. Market and 7th sts., S. F., Cal.
DR and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth st., bX
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny &. Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
28th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MINE S AND MINING.
INCORPORATE your mining or business In-
terests; it's more businesslike; many ad-
vantages; ask me what it costs; directorate
secured: stock sold; new ideas. A. F. HA-
RASZTHY. 522 CroMley bldff.. 8. F.
THE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
OPMENT CO.. room IS, 330 Pine St., will in-
corporate and finance propositions of merit:
buys, sells, develops and operates mine*.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte. in rolls easy to lay:
. needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton St.
A — BUYS, sells cr rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
"SAFES and • desks, prices right at RICHARD-
SON BROS?.. V25 and 125 New Montgomery
St.. near Mission. ¦¦ . •
FRESH Holsteln and Jersey cow, good milker,
gentle, for sale, cheap, or will trade for dry
cow. 1400 Florida Bt., corner Twenty-sixth.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY. our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair;
foct-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. II 3d tt.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
FOOT •lathe, band saw, circular saw. 1721
Mission 'at.
Firewood out to lengths. $2 delivered. , E. C.
Pitcher St Co, Cth & Hooper; tel. South 375.
FOR sale — Fancy trap: $100; hand plated;
double harness at a bargain. 111*0 Pine st.
Wallpaper, .TVjc; paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merlgan, 1302 Webster; tel.Steiner 3U71.
FRESH milch cow, gentle, for sale. Call on
. B. CASTLE. De Wolf St., Ocean View.
2D-HAND bldr- material; lumber, door. sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607, Mrkt.
FOR nale — Genuine water spaniel; young dogs.
CHAS. COLEMAN, 426 Natoma St., top floor.
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
- . trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st. -
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN A- TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond rlnr $50: terms $5 per
'month. P.V. GARIN. -1S8 Montgomery st.
SLOT machine*, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 4ia Sacramento.
FINE diamond sunburst: "'large stones: a
bargain: $350. 10 Sixth st.
ROOMS, papered: $4 up: .tinting. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel.Main 413.
DESKS bounht. sold and . exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.: tel. South Sll.
FOR sale— First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and - second -
hand. ¦ I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*, sale, rental:
. bargains. Bullard & Breck. , 131 Post st.
COME good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
: h. p., cheap. B. B. BECK * CO., 122 Mkt.
PESSONAL5---CoBtlnnedl.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer in
carr«et twir.w In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets: ingrain, brtu-
sels. tapestry and moquette: cnenille curtain*
woven Into new russ. Fluff Rag Factory.
862 Market st.. Oakland; take West 8th car.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trous«rs at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Taller. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
MRS. HOLSHOUSER, 320 Starr King bldg. Ill
Geary — Bust devel.. electrolysis, magnet, mas.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO., the tailors. 72D Market st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or faner
vests, for $14 79. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$i a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1137
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds: easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 133 Montgomery St.
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 363 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.3S.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic tn the world at 1910 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $3 SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERAGE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orJers. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha*
been opened «t IOCS Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ¦
PHYSICIANS AITS STJBQEONS.
DR. C. C. O* DONNELL— Of flee and residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal disease* a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
. treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 119-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenwcrth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinee* herbn. 746-S Clay st.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PUKCBCASXNO AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. 3563 17th St.. San Francisco. Tel. Capp S36.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS For Subsistence Supplies.— Offle*
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco. Cal.,
Oct. 5. 19«>4. — Sealed proposal* for furnishing
and delivering cf such quantities of subsist-
ence supplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. an per circular to be se<>n at this
offlce. will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. MONDAY. October 17. 1904. and
opened immediately thereafter, in presence
of bidders. Specifications, general instruc-
tions to bidder* and blank forms of proposals
¦will be furnished to established dealers on
application to DOUGLAS SETTLE. Captain
Corny.
SAN
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo elec-
tric ears; 45 minutes from 5th and Market
stc. : outside the fog belt and Just beyond
where the 3. P. Co.*s bay shore "cutoff*
will Join the main line: second subdivision
now being offered; 60- foot lots from $400 up;
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month; sewer and water pipes tn
front of every lot; pure artesian well water;
half the lots In subdivision No. 1 were soldi
tn two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to ee.-ure m. lot tn this desirable eectlon on
easy terms: take the electric cars and rat
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appU-
catlca.
8ELBT. RODGERS A CO.
TeL Main 673. 116 California st.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The- Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE— COTJ3TTST— Tor Hal*.
CATTLE ranch, 173O acres. Sonoma. County
lying west of Skaggs Springs: Gualala River
runs through ranch; fine feed, scattering
timber and tan bark plentiful; numerous
springs: 8 acres tn fruit; 40 In grain; house,
barn, corrals, chicken bouses, etc.; grand
trout stream and deer plentiful; 3000 acre*
fenced: price of the 175O acres deeded land.
$12,000. D. M. HANLON. 169 Crocker bids.
WANTED — Party with $5C00 for colonization
plan; exceptional propcottlon to make a for-
tune for a live business man; we have only
2 weeks' option on the land. S. T. Credit
Co., 10 Turk st.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogues ef the best land
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
64» Market st.
CjZXCXEN SANCHZS.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at 8an Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope; sis*
to suit; easy terms; plenty water: fine fruit)
call for details; go and see Sunday. Owner,
713 Mills bldg.
PABM TOB RENT OK FOB SALE.
TO rent — The Rowland farm. 450 acres good
land, well watered and fenced; also 40 heal
of cows; will sell or rent; everything re-
quired to run a dairy farm. Apply In person
to R. E. ROWLAND. Orlnda Park, back ot
Berkeley.
TAEM3 AND HASTCTHES TO LEAS1
FOR rent — Three-acre orchard, with 1 4-roora
house: furnished. Apply to FRANK & Mc-
CARTHY. San Leandro.
MILL VALLEY ADV'BT'S'M'T3
MILL VALLEY REAL I8TATJ.
$1500— LOT. 75x120; sunny heights; fine Tlew
of bay. town and Mt. Tamalpals; 5 minutes
to depot: sun all day. S. H. ROBERTS.
Real Estate. Mill Valley. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVEBTWTS
BEBCTLCT B0CM8 A5D BOARD.
WANTED — Business gentlemen as rooment
board If desired; quiet; homelike : half block
from Berkeley station. 2137 Addisoa «C,
Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVEBTSTS
PBUXTVAXB KZAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— $2750; tt cost $3730: rents «<or $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to 8. 8. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave,.
East Oakland. ._;
OAKLAND APYERrS'MTa
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
*
OAKLAND W^T- ESTATE.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTT.
We have been exclusirely *"**£*** ,£J!f, U
on easy terms the remaining Oaklaad ptoper-
Ue9 b^rBAXcScO 8AVECG3 raiON
under foreclosure of mortgage. ._„
.We will sell these properties at figure* far
below the present market rates If *«»»»»«
• bargain call on^rite^u. icular*.
1052 Broadway.
$2 50 CASH. $1 50 monthly: lots In J*ut*
Jones Tract, adjoining East Oa"«nd: />»
elevated part of it: price all told. $50 for
MxlCO or will sell 75x30O for $425. on urn*
to suit buyer: beautiful view; no better «lt*
In the Stats: OO-foot boulevard adjoining; 3
blocks to electric cars and public school:
bulldins up rapidly; 200 families living
there now. Call or send for circular. 453 7th
st opp Broadway station. Oakland; car-
riage free. HENRY Z. JONE3. owner.
OAKLAND FUKHrrUJJUB^PORJtAXB^
TO^SoRROW^ivTday for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th st.. cor.store.Oakland.
, Continued on Pa«e Twel>*y
_ HELg WA2TTE3— rSMALE— Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S. .Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Stewardess, city hotel, one who can get up
hills of fares- and make salads, no wait-
ing $40 board
Head waitress, city hotel, mak* salads.
Waitrets, nii^e country hotel $25
Chambermaid to wait, springs, free fare.. $25
Plain Ironer and assist mangle, country.. $25
Waitress, restaurant, clty..!f25, room, board
Cook, small restaurant $35
Waitress, fame place $25, room, board
Waitress, north, fare paid $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Housegirl, U family, Stockton $25
Housegirl. San Mateo, party here $25
Young girl, aeelst. sleep home, no Sunday
work $3 60 week
Nun=eglrls. $12. $16; 20 houseglrU..$20, $25
Overseeing housekeeper, widower and 5 chil-
dren $10
Other place*, too many to advertise.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush St.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: tuition tf> to those entering now;
three positions to All immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up: leading
school in West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
WANTED— Girls to learn millinery now for
fall seaeon; both seasons taught from start
*o flnish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up: 7 positions to be filled im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches hairdreeslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc. : six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recognised college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
RIENCB NECBBSART; GOOD PAY;
STEADY "WORK. LEVX STRAUSS * CO.,
82% FREMONT 8T. APPLT TO MR.
DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED rewlng machine operators on
overalls, coats and Jumpers; steady work.
LEVI STFArP<= *¦ CO.. 32% Fremont sL
Apply to Mr. Davis. 1
WANTED — Bright errand girl for dressmak-
ing establishment. J. BAER, 1200 Geary st.
GIRL for housework and cooking; call between
9 and 12. 2425 Fillmore st.
WANTED — A good girl for general housework
and plain cooking. 1620 Geary st.
OPERATORS, work by power, on ladles' wear,
etc. 1623 Mission st.
CANDY packer with retail or wholesale expert-,
ence, 224 Battery st.
AN errand girl wanted. 1111 Van Ness ave.
A FIRST-CLASS waist trimmer. Apply MRS.
HANLEY. 1111 Van Ness. •
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and coat hands
Appiy to J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
HELP WAHTTEP— MALE.
AA^E^pXoTET^R^GlsTmr^ar
64-65 CHRONICLE BLDG. JAMES 2621.
Al silk salesman, city. $22 50 week.
A man possessing the capabilities to buy for
large department store. $175.
Two well-educated young men to become
salesmen, special line, city, $50 start.
General agent to travel. $25 and expenses.
A young man of ability and integrity to
travel, period of 20 weeks." $25 weekly.
Middle-aged man for bakery. $12 wk.. rm.
General handy man. bakery, $10 wk., room.
Young- salesman, stationery, experienced, $10
a week.
Two gentlemen of address, agea between 30
and 40. to represent local concern, good sal-
ary to right parties.
Boy, mechanical knowledge, $5 wk. start.
An up-to-date gunsmith. $25 per week.
A propagator, $50 and found.
Open evenings until 8:30 p. m.
A SPECIAL A SPECIAL A SPECIAL
Ship to-night Call early
50 men for station work Ship to-night
15 cents a yard for earth and up
15 cents a yard for earth and up
Good shoveling Long Job Good camp
Good Water
Ship to-night Call early
Fare only Jl Fare only $1
C. R. HANSEN A- CO.'S EMP. OFFICE,
429 Bush" St....... ...V..... 7... 642 Clay st.
AT HORD A SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st.
Station work on new steam railroad;
15c yard; good shoveling; good climate;
30 miles to be built: good water.
Teamster, city, $2 50.
Laborer, city, f 2 25.
Dry cleaner, city, $12 to $15.
Shoemaker, near city, J2 50.
Lumber pliers, north, $2 75 to $3.
Man and wife, private country home, $40.
Nevada, teamsters. $2 50, ship to-night.
ANDRE'S Offlce, 317 Stockton St.— Butler, and
wife as cook, small family, country, $75;
waiter, first-class hotel, $30; waiter. $10 a
week; stableman for resort. $25; porter for
club. $25 to $30; night porter, hotel. $25 and
found; omnibus (assistant waiter). $25; pot-
washer,, first-class hotel, '$25; well digger,
good wages, etc.
AMERICAN dairy foreman; milker. $30 and
found; farmers. $30 and found; ranch chore-
man, $25 and found; man about place, $30
and found; screw turner for mill, $50 and
found; kitchen man and wife, $60 and found;
cook, country hotel. $50 and found, and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT Sc CO., 628 Sacramento.
A BUTLER for a head place in city; second
man kept and best of wages given: must
have reference. Call at MISS PLUN-
KETTS, 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Head laundryman, $75 and found; porter, $25.
MEN— The original JNO. A. MOLER will open
one of his famous barber college* at 644 Clay
street soon. First t«n students will be taken
at half price; tuition earned while learning;
positions guaranteed : do not be deceived by
imitators under similar' name; call or write
for terms. Address correct number, JNO. A.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 644 Clay
street. San Francisco, Cal.
A BRIGHT young man, 16 to 20 yearn of age,
to commence as offlce assistant in wholesale
grocery; good penmanship and grammar
school education required; state age and ref-
erence. Box 7269. Call office.
WANTED — Installment collector to collect
small weekly payments en merchandise ac-
count; good salary; position permanent. Globe
Company, 723 Chestnut St., Philadelphia; Pa.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters home
evenings: $9 MK week. Send addressed en-
vlope for particulars. Manager Dept. W12,
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — A boy from 14 to 16 years for our
retail store. Apply, with references, EAGLE-
. SON & CO.. 585 Market St., top floor.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push &
good talker, eager to make money. V. PER-
SON, 477 and 478. Parrott building.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. .VVt Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third st., Examiner building.
NEAT, bright cash boys wanted. Apply su-
perintendent's offlce, the Emporium.
ERRAND boy 17 years old. Apply H. LIEBES
I & CO.. 137 Post «t., bet. 8 and 8:30 a. m.
TENT and awning finisher wanted. Ill Clay
street.
PANTS presser; young man with fair expert
ence; references. Box 22(51, Call offlce.
A BOY for tailor shop. 110 William «t.. off
Geary, near Taylor.
I CARRIAGE trimmer wanted. • 718 Folsom st.
I EXPERIENCED dishwasher for small reMau-
[ rant. 2585 Market st.. nr. Sixteenth.
AN all-round kitchen man; call early. ioH
Mission st. .
GOOD barber for 10c shop; steady. 628 Clay
street.
WANTED — 5 coatmakers. 2 operators on coats
and pnnti?makere. J. SMITH. 773 Market st.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for sale In a good
location. Inquire at 229 Fourth st.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop at sacrifice; don't
miss It. 1000 Valencia st.
S. F. BARBER College will take next 6 scholars
free. Call for particulars at 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— Experienced dress goods salesman.
Address N. F. & CO., box 2257, Call offlce.
SAILORS for Australia; come early to-day; at
HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart at. , - ;
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
1 the Torld at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GOOD barber wanted at 705 Fourth st. San
.Rarael. , :
BARBERS— Three-chair shop; low rent. 790
¦Geary st. ;. ; ¦'. - ¦..¦>¦ ,¦ -, ,.- ; : ,/-.,;,
WANTED-^OutsKe talesman. Boston Pants
Company, 997 Market at.
SatPZ.OTMZ!KT WAHTED— aiil»— Con.
HEAD waiter: 5 y»ars' experience in Eastern
best reference*. Box 2325. Call office.
COMPETENT shipping clerk" desires" a" pcsN
tion: 12 year* experience. Box 23U. Call.
rZNANCXAX.
— I
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by the best of Income business prop-
¦ trty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
interest.
Bend for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (INC.)
1172 Brcadvay. Cor. 14th St.,
Oakland.
FLATS TO SET.
A— HOrSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-289 Geary
st.. en the square.
CALL ar.d fee th* new flats at 400-402-404 Lo-
cust st. near Sacramento; 6 and 7 rooms and
bath; rent reduced. Apply MADISON tt
BURKE.
\— SIXTH av».. 757 — Upper sunny flat; 6
rooms: Golden Gate Park all night cars.
SPECK * CO.. 209 Montgomery.
I JUST fini»hed; prettiest flats In town; 6 and I
7 rooms; tinted, light, sunny; $35 tt $37 60. |
! Puboce ave. <13th st.). near Market st.
$32 60 — NEW flat of 7 r. A b. : large yard and
garden for children; sun all day. NW. cor.
Fulton and Scott, opp Alamo square.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms and bath; par-
ties leaving for the East. Apply flat C. S13
Larkin st.
6 ROOMS and bathroom; sunny bay-window
flat; 1710 Washington, near Polk; rent very
reasonable. ___^
ELEGANT bay-window flat; 9 rooms, bath
730 Minna st.. near Ninth.
CENTRAL, modern flats; 6 rooms, bath. 1014
and 1030 Sacramento st., above Powell.
LARGEST list of houses ar.d flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
FLATS TO LET — 7XTXKXSHED.
TO LET — Partly furnished middle flat of flve
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. Appiy
daily between 1:80 and 6 p. m., 79 South
Park.
COLE 410. fronting panhandle, 2 blocks from
Park entrance— Sun all day in every room;
£ rooms and bath; can be seen from 11 to 2.
ELLIS. 736 — 6 or 8 rms.. finely furnished: va-
cated Oct. 1. Call bet. 1 & 4 p. m.. premises.
3650 SEVENTEENTH— Newly furnished flat,
5 rooms, with piano; $35.
HANDSOMELY fur. modern flats, 4, 6 and 9
r.; >un; rent reas.; 2 to 5 p. m. 434 Bartlett.
rOK J^LE— iy»y SHEP.
FOR saje— Newly furni*ned flat; 7 rooms;
must be sold; owner to leave city. Call
1 to 5 p. m.. 1119^ Hyde st.
17S2 SUTTER — 7-room flat; 8 completely fur-
nished; all new; will sell for $300; rent $35.
MODERN fi-room sunny flat: rent $42 50;
water free: furnishings at a bargain. 17S
Oak St.; call between .10 and S.
CHARMING sunny corner six-room flat; per-
manent roomers pay $15 over rent. 494
Eddy tt.
FOR sale — Nicely furnished, sunny flat, B
rooms and bath; rent -$18. 558 Fourth st.
NEATLY furnished flat of 6 rooms for sale;
reasonable; fiat ,to let. 442 Fulton st.
J275 — FLAT; seven rooms and bath;: four
rooms rented. 348 Hayes et.
COMPLETELY furnished flat of 8 rooms and
bath: all sunny. 7 Hyde st.
rUHIUlTTJKE rOB BALE. *
H. MEYER * CO. pay hlghMt price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission ;tel.Bush 813.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 60 down. $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co., 340 Post st.
TTTKOTTT/BB WANTED.
"" ABE LEVt! ~"~~" '
Ealeeroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlce fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURP, auc.. 1636 Market: phone Jessie 2330.
jg^T j^^^^o-^Tii^i^.^^^^
COOK for orphanage $40
Cook, no washing (35
Cook, small restaurant, country $40
Cook, country hotel $40
Cook and second girl, same house $30- $2.1
Kitchen helper, Menlo Park, private place. $25
Parlor maid and waitress, city $3')
Nurse for home $20
Laundress, some housework, country J30
, Housework, no washing. Redwood City..?-'JO
3 nureegirls. city and country. .. . 115-$2O-52.">
Maid and seamstress $23
French governess and seamstr*es $30
Telephone girl for private offlce. good wages.
Head waitress, city ....: $30
Housework, no washing, sleep home $20
Second girl, Ross Valley $25
Second work and laundress, Santa Bar-
bara. s*e party here $30
Housework on ranch, short distance 52.".
Cook for students. Palo Alto JSO
44 houseglrls. city and country, $20-$25-$20
Apply to J. F. CROSETT tt CO.. 334 Sutter.
TWO experienced labelers for steady Job; $30
to 535 a month, according to ability: call
early. MISS PLUNKETT, 423 Sutter St.,
near Powell. j
A GOVERNESS for 1 child; best of teeti-
monl&la required: best of wages given. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Powell St., near Powell.
A COMPETENT nurse for 1 child; $30: b**t
of references from private families required.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter. near Powell.
A LADY'S maid, with references frem a pri-
¦mte family; JSO. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter et, near Powell.
AAA^ EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.
64-65 Chronicle bldg. James 2021. '¦'-,
Lady, well exp. stationery line, $8 week. •:
Saleslady for fancy goods, $10 week.
Experienced milliner, f 20 week.
Experienced lady fcr drug line, good salary.
Young lady retoucher, country, $50 month.
Bright lady to represent manufacturer, good
salary.
Saleslady fcr cloak and suit house, $18 wcok.
t Three 'ad'.es for glove etore. J7 week up.
Experienced rkirt binder. $10 week.
Al stenographer and bockkeeper, $45 month.
MKS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.— Help of all
nationalities wanted to flll various positions.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters
at home evenings or spare time and return
to us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned, materials free; enclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee" Co., No.
W12. Ninth St., Philadelphia, Pa.
OPERATORS wanted on waists and under-
wear: steady wcrk and good pay; also home-
workers on flannelette wear. MARKS BROS..
1220 Market «t.
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter,
who understands lesal work; gentleman's
private bus. Ad. A, Call offlce. Ban Jose, Cal.
I WANTED — A flrtt-class fitter for suit*, coattj
end skirts; references required. Address O.
E.. box 22«7. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED, finisher on ladles' tailor
skirts. LOEWENTHAL'S. 014 Market St.
•EXPERIENCED finishers on ladies' jackets.
LOEWENTHAL'S. B14 Market st.
WANTED — Wetnurse. Apply 3017 Jackson st.
I street. ' .' H
WANTED — A neat young girl to assist in care
of Infant. Call 1035 Play st.
, GIRL to help in dining-room. Capital Restau-
rant. 200 and 208 McAIlistor st.
FJRST-CLARS waltrMs wanted. Capital Res-
taurant. 206 and 208 McAllister st.
EXPEP.IENCED bag operators wanted. Ill,
Clay st. '
WANTED — A girl for hotNtervork: good "home;
not much to do. 1123 O'Farrell St.
WANTED— 2 good nnlsher* On coat», 2 on
pcnt», 2 on vests. J. SMITH, 77:5 Market *t.
WANTED — A millinery apprentice. Room 29.
ItedonCo. C37 Post St. .
5YRUP-QUART CAN WITH WANT : ADVERTISEMENTS— TRKARRIVED.
Wednesday. October S.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberta, 10 hours from
Moss Landing 1 .
/ DOMESTIC PORT. .
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Oct 0 — Bchr
Mlndora. for San Pedro; schr. Camano. "for
i San Francisco. '.
ftiATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
In answer to a description wired by
the Los Angeles police Franklin C-
Holmes of that city was arrested last
night by Detective O'Dea on Market
street Holmes was taken to the city
prison and locked up for the night, his
name being placed on the "night lodg
ers' " book instead of the regular de
tinue book. So much mystery, how
ever, ; was maintained by the police
that a rumor was soon in circulation
that the well-dressed stranger was an
important criminal.
This suspicion was dispelled later by
a dispatch from Los Angeles, an
nouncing that Holmes was wanted by
hir wife and not by the police on any
criminal charge. The lady had in
formed the police that her husband
had been missing from home for more
than. a week and she had learned he
was In San Francisco. She told the
Los Angeles police he had been on a
drunken spree for several weeks and
she wanted him arrested for his own
protection. Mrs. Holmes will arrive in
this city to-day to take charge of the
wandering one.
Well Dressed Man Leaves Ix>s Angeles
on a Spree and Is Rounded
Up Here.
HOLMES IS WANTED
BY WIFE. NOT PCMLICE
Catherine L. Perkins (owner) with George
Parker (contractor), architect . All work
except concrete work in front, lathing, plaster
ing, for a one and one-half story frame dwell
ing on the W line of Cook street, 350 N of
Point Lobos avenue, ¦ N 25 by "YV 120, Western
Addition block 642; $2225.
O. D. and C. S. Myer (owners) with Rams
den & Griffith (contractors), architect E. M
Frasier— All work except painting, varnishing,
paper hanging and mantels for a three-story
and basement frame building on S line of Six
teenth street. 140 E of Castro, S 130 by E 52
$15.SC0.
• P. . W. • Belton (owner) with Cook & Young
(contractors). architect — All work ex
cept painting, plumbing, finish hardware, man
tels in parlors, iron fence and balustrade for a
two-Etory frame Hat building on lot commenc
ing at point 1C6:8 S of Humboldt street on E
line of San Bruno avenue, S 33:4 by E 100
$3050. dqBNii W'ViUwyMM»«iBi^ft^v
; Antonio Busalacchl (owner) with Luigl Cu
neo (contractor). architect — All work for
a three-story frame building on N line of
Chestnut street, 45:7)4 E of Mason E 22-4 ! !4
by N 6S:9; $5500. ' %
u. John and Mary Kaunitr (owners) with C.-J.
Antwiler (contractor), architect M. J. Welsh
All work for .;, a three- story frame' building
(three flats') on E line of -Pennsylvania avenue.
25 N of Eighteenth street, N 25 by E 75
?6317.
Frederick Stuermer (owner) with Robert
Trost (contractor), architect — . AH work
for a two-story trame building (S flats), on N
line of Eighteenth street and NE of Danvers,
E C5, N 37.C0, W 79.48, — 37 to beginning, lot
lie, block B, Park Lane Tract 1; $8015.
W. C. Raisch (owner) with Charles W. Gom
pertz (contractor), architect Charles J. Rous
seau—All work except finish hardware,, art
glass, concrete work, grading, gas fixtures,
mantels and shades for a two-story frame
building (flats) on W line of Webster street.
100 N of Oak. N 25 by \V 100; $5485.
to Martha Bennett, undivided two-thirds of
lot on NE corner of • Ellert and Bennlngton
streets. N M) by E 100, lots 1 and 2, block 9,
Fair f a subdivision Holly Park; $10.
Same to same, undivided one-third of same:
$10.
Timothy L. Barker to Gaetano Sidotl, lot on
NE corner of Brazil and Naples streets, N
00 by E 100, lot 4. block 54, Excelsior Home
stead; Quitclaim deed: 5 .
Gaesnno and Rosalia Sldoti to Jean Eacloscs,
same; $10.
Adelino Fordham to same, same: $10.
Isabelle J. and Harry K. Cummlngs to Solo
mon Getz. lot on SE line of Madrid street,
100 NE of Persia, NE 50 by SE 100, block
37. Excelsior Homestead: $10.
G. B. and Carrie Gilman to William H. Brun
lng, lot 32, block G, French and Gilman Tract;
?10.
Estate of Glambattlsta Tachella (by Anto
nletta Delucchl, administratrix) to Andrea De
lucchl, lot on SE lino of Chenery street, 413
SW of Itoanoke, SW 25 by BE 125, block 2,
Fail-mount; $1050.
Charles H. Lane to Augustine C. Martin lot
20. block B, Park Lane Tract; $10.
Marie A. D. Narjot (Dray) to George Menh
tcrsheimer, lot on NW corner of Vernon and
Randolph streets, XV 200 by N 100, lots 1 to 8,
block IS. City Land Association; $10.
George Mechtershelmer to Anna D. Jocst,
same: $10.
Builders* Contracts.
XV. de St. Paul Seitz, Secretary Citizens'
Committee — Dear Sir: In behalf of our ex
ecutive committee I desire you to convey to
the eminent gentlemen and citizens compos
ins your special reception committee our sin
cere appreciation of their good will and cour
tesy during our recent celebration week. Com
ing as it did unsought by us and spontaneous
from them, it has a double value, and will be
remembered by us individually and collectively
as a noble act, nobly done. Fraternally,
WILLIAM H. BARNES, Secretary.
Secretary W. de St. Paul Seltz of the
Citizens' Committee that had charge
of. Knight Templar and Odd Fellow
entertainment has received the follow
ing- graceful letter from Secretary
"William H. Barnes, who writes on be
half .of the Sovereign Grand Lodge of
Odd Fellows:
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 1. 1904.
Grand Secretary Barnes Tells of
Gratitude of the City's
Visitors.
ODD FELLOWS THANK
CITIZENS' COMMITTEE
John Black, the footpad who terror
ized the .Mission district about eight
months ago, was sentenced by Judge
Dunne yesterday to serve twenty-five
years In Folsom penitentiary on a
charge of assault to rob. Three other
charges were placed on the reserve
calendar. Black's face showed vary
ing signs of surprise and rage while
the Judge was pronouncing sentence.
He was tried and convicted by a
Jury for holding up Elhannan J.
Treese on the night of March 26 on
Twenty-second street, near Dolores.
Treese was accompanied by Mrs. Al
berta Butler of 100 Chattanooga street,
and they were on their way to a the
ater. Black had a revolver in his
hand and when he ordered Treese to
throw up his hands Treese struck at
him with an umbrella. Black fired at
Treese and the bullet shattered one of
his- fingers.
There was also a charge of assault
to murder against Black for shooting
Treese, and charges of burglary and
assault to murder for entering the
grocery of Robinson & Knox, 878 Va
lencia street, and firing a shot at A. B.
Knox on the night of March 12. Black
is an ex-convict.
Judge Dunne Orders John Black Con
fined in Folsom Penitentiary
for Term of 25 Years.
FOOTPAD WHO TERRORIZED
MISSION IS SENTENCED
Lloyd Bowman to Mary G. Buckingham, lot
on N line of Union street, 175 E of Scott, E 50
by N 1.17:6; $10.
Barbara E. and John H. thorn Wohrden to
Henry Besby. lot on S line of 9 Golden Gate
avenue, 175 E or Devisadero street, E 25 by S
137:6; Sio.
Alfred I. Coffey to Annie Martin, lot SR
corner of Hnyes and Broderick streets, E 31:3
by S 100; $10.
Myer J. and Sophie Newmark to William
Sobey. lot S line of Hayes street, <W:3 E of
Masonic avenue, E 25 by 8 137:6; $10.
A. -P. Hotaling & Co. to John. Michael.
James, Dennis and Mary O'Connor, lot on NW
lino of Howard street. 256:7% SW of Twelfth,
NE 1.15:8%, NW 161.47, S 170.70, SE 129.75;
810.
William F. Cardall to Leah J. Miller, lot
on E line of San Carlos avenue, R"> S of
Twenty-sixth street. S 21 by E 75; $10.
P. R. Lynch to John R. and Catherine F.
Lyman. lot on W lino of Fair Oaks street. 246
S of Twenty-third, S 30 by W 117:6; $10.
Martin O'Shaughnessy (by John Lackmann,
late Sheriff) to John Smith, lot on SW corner
of Twenty-third and Sanchez streets, S 26:6
by W 100; $301. .
Mary H. Dlxon to Edward Cordero. lot on
N line of Twenty -fourth street. 100 E of
Douglass. E 25 by N 114: $10.
Charles F. Hanlon to Hush J. Burns, lot
on SE corner of Battery and Pine streets, E
62:6 by S 30; $10. -
Catharlna Roeder to Giovanni • Figone and
R. Granella. lot on RE corner nf Filbert and
Mason streets. E 51:10% by* 63:6; $9000.
Mark R. Sooy (trustee of Simmons, Hutch-
Inson & Co.), Frederick Billlnrs James R.
Bolton and estate of H. XV. Halleck to Mary
J. Wrixon, lot on NE corner of Jones and
Valparaiso streets, N 30 by E 62:6, quitclaim
deed; $ .
. Mary J. Wrixon to Emma H.- Brown, same,
quitclaim deed;' $10.
Franel3 Dunn tt al. to Antonio and Gio
vanni Bacciococ. lot on S linn of Pleasant
street.- 68:3 E of Jones. E 23 by S 60; $10.
¦ Isldor and Anna Glascr to Jacob Levy, lot
on E line of Hyde street, 107:6 S of (yF&e
rell S 30 by E % 137:6; $10.
' William A. and Grace G. Lange to Alice>
B. Bowen, lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 460
N of Lake street. N 32 by E 120; $10. .
Patrick Sr. and Jane - Keogh : to Amasa W.
Jones, lot on E line of Thirty-second avenue,
175 N of Clement street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
, Emma S. Howe and Howard H. Salz lot
on W line of Forty- fifth avenue, 60 S of B
street, S 50 by W 120; $10.
Howard H. Salz fto Sara L. Browne, same
(installment): $10. *•;
City and Countv'of San Francisco to Albert
Druckf r. • lot on SE corner of Twentieth ave
nue and C street. E 24:7. S 117:6, W 25:0 N
Solomon and Dora Getz to John and Sarah
J. Ilatheson, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue,
275 N of J etreet, N 25 by E 120: $- — .
L. B. KJmball to H. V. Cornwell, lot on E
lino of Forty-srixth avenue, 150 S of K street,
S 25 byE 120; $10. . 4
Solomon and. Dora Getz to Alexander Oliver,
lot on : W line of Forty-eighth avenue, 87:6
S of L street, S 25 by W 120: $10. - •
¦Same to Lydla" A. Jackson, lot on E line of
Forty-eighth avenue. 25 N of T street, . N 25
by K 120; $10. .--• -
Julius C.-Reis to' John Teutsch,\lot 35, block
45, Reis' Tract: grant.
Theresa A. Oelrichs and Virginia Vanderbllt
Isldor and Bertha Llpman io Hattle Peyser
(wife of Charles), lot on W line of Sanche*
street. 101:6 S of Twenty-eighth, 8 25 by W
1C5; $10.
Manhattan Loan Company to William Lin
den, lot on N line of Twenty- fifth street. 80
W of Castro, W 40 by N 114: $1050.
A\ illiam and Annie M. Linden to Barthol
omew >ey. lot on N line of Twenty-fifth
etreet, 110 W of Castro, XV 10 by N 114; $10.
Anton Ru egg to Elizabeth Ruegg, lot on W
line of Castro street, 110 N of Twentieth. N
27:6 by W 150; K lft.
Colin G. Strong to Jennie XV. Strong (wife),
lot on S line of California street. 137:6 W
of Dupont, W 4O:SV4 by S 122:6; gift.
Clarence P. and Mamie A. Jacobs to Wil
liam MusSio. lot on N line of Allen street.
120 W of Hyde. W 20 by N 60; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to James
Taylor, lot on W line of Vermont street. 100 ;
S of Twenty-third, S 25 by W 100; $ .
Same to Horace and Grace M. Dahl, lot on
E line of Third avenue, 13*:5 N of Clement :
street. N 38:1. E 120, S 43:6%. NW 120:1*4:
J. W. Wright & Sons' Investment Company,
to Edward and Freda CoJTey, lot on B line of*
Fortieth avenue, 175 S of Point Lobos S 37 -6
by E 120; $10.
Henry G. and Estelle Meyer to Oscar Hey
man. lot on SE corner, of Thirty-second avenue
and C street, B 120 by S SOO; $10.
Charles A. and Mary a. King to Philip T.
Dorland. lot en K line of Sixth avenue. 33 S of
. JIuko street, S 25 by.E 95- $10
George and Harriet Thlstleton to Julius C.
Klttfcl, lot on E line of Twentieth avenue, 150
S of N street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
J. W. Wright & Sons' Investment Company
to Christena Olson, lot -on W line of Thirty
eighth avenue, 275 N of U street, N 60 by W
120; $10.
James Hickey to James E., John B. and Sa
rah C. Illckey, lot on N line of Peralta street,
ICO E of Kyan avenue. E 90 by N 150. lots 223
and 224, Precita Valley lands; gift.
Estate of Mary or Mrs. M. Leeper (by John
Farnham, administrator) to Ralph W. Hobart,
lot on E line of county road, C7:2 N of Ney
street, E 190. N 50, W 45:1%, SW 67:2, lot 4.
block 2, College Homestead: $500.
Arthur H. and Emily E. Denny to same lot
on SE line of Mission street, 67:2 N of Nev
SW 67:2, E 214:10. N 00. W 170. lot 8. block
2, same; S10.
Daniel F. Hughes to Loretta Hughes lots
1400 and 1401, gift map 3; $10.
Margaret Hattabough to Martha E. Ohlsen
(wife of Christian), lot on SE line of Chenery
street, 50 NE of Miguel, NE 25 by SE 100,
block 16. Falrmount; $10.
P. A. Peterson to Frank O. Johnstone. lot 16,
block 5. subdivision 1, Mountain Spring prop
erty; $i>00.
Estate of Alvlnza Hayward (by William J.
Dlncee, administrator) to Central Trust Com
pany, lot on NW corner of Lombard street and
Van Ness avenue, N 271.62, SW 450.60. S
36.9S0. E 3S4.9; $48,155. '
Central Trust Company of California to Mary
H. Cunningham, same; $10.
Andrew and Emma Grass to R. and Cather
ine Cuyala, lot on N line of Hayes street,
112:6 E of Gough, E 25 by N 120; $10.
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to Rose
E. Morgan, lot on S lino of Fell street, 137:0
.W of Octavla, W 41:3 by S 120; $10.
Peter H. Rulffs to Meta F. Rulffs, lot on N
line of Post street, 62:0 W of Laguna, W 62:6
by N 125; gift.
William Hi and Florence L. Jones to Jessie
H. Runyon (wife of Charles F.), lot on N line
of Broadway, 62:6 E of Steiner, E 30 by N
137:6; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
A most enjoyable and well attended
entertainment and social took place
last evening at St. Rose's Hall in aid
of St. Rose's bazaar. Members of St,
Rose*s both gave the affair and pro
vided a programme which contained
vocal and instrumental solos, recita
tions, impersonations and specialties.
A dance followed the entertainment.
On Friday evening:, October 14. a. leap
year party is to be given in St. Rose's
Hall for the benefit of St Rose's com
ing fair. A strong array of talent will
appear on the occasion and a very
large attendance is assured.
Benefit for St. Rose's Bazaar.
Collector of Port Stratton and the
wlf« of District Customs Inspector
James Campbell ar« exerting: them
selves to penetrata the mystery sur
rounding the sudden disappearance of
Campbell, who has been in charge of
the customs affairs at the Mail Dock.
Ho disappeared last Friday without
Sivinar his wife or his associates in the
customs service the slightest Intima
tion as to where he was going. Early
on that day he telephoned a request to
the Custom-house that he be furnished
an assistant, and one was promptly
sent to him. Later he left the dock
and has not been heard of since. Ac
cording to reports received at the Cus
tom-house from officers at the Mall
Dock, Campbell had apparently been
brooding over something for quite a
while and his fellow officers have rea
son to believe that it was family
troubles. /
Before leaving tha dock Campbell
placed his badge and official seal upon
his desk. This has suggested to his
superiors that he had carefully
planned his sudden leave taking.' He
has been in the service for a number
of years and is referred to by the
higher officials. of the department as
one of the most conscientious men In
the employ of the Government It is
believed by his associates that he has
left town to rid his mind of worry
and will be heard of later.
Been Missing From the Mall
Dock Sinoe Friday.
District Inspector James Campbell Has
ABSENCE OP CUSTOMS
OFFICER UNEXPLAINED
Kven If It were lawful to submit these propo
sitions at the ensuing election It would seem
to me hardly expedient to do so, as it would
be practically Impossible for a voter compre
hendlngly to consider them all at one time
and at such an election. .
In the face both of the illegality of such sub
mission and of its perplexity, it la quite diffi
cult to understand why the Board of Super
visors should have needlessly expended large
sums of the people's money in uselessly adver
tising at full length for a long period In the
official newspaper these many proposed changes
In the city's organic law.
In my message to the Beard of Supervisors
vetoing certain of these propositions I observed
in effect that we were apparently about to
face a charter amending epidemic. This state
ment Is quite well confirmed by the fact that
twenty-two propositions are submitted at one
election and that. too. one at which Presiden
tial electors and other candidates are to ba
voted for.
I conclude, therefore, that It would be an Il
legal and a void act en your part to have these
propositions placed upon the ballot, and I rec
ommend that they be omitted therefrom.
AMENDING EPIDEMIC IS OX.
Under section 8 of article 11 of the consti
tution of California (above referred to) the
charter may be amended at Intervals of not
less than two years. The charter was last
amended by amendments submitted to the vot
ers of San Franclsc at an election held De
cember 4, 1002. less than two years prior to
Novmber 4. 1904. The proposed twenty-two
amendments, therefore. It would seem, would,
if submitted at the next election, be within
the time limitation of the constitution and
would, therefore. If ratified, be void.
The evident Intent of the constitution in
thus limiting the amending of the charter to
two year Intervals was undoubtedly to pre
serve Its integrity and to prevent elections at
every moment and on every conceivable pre
text. But for thts provision twenty-two sepa
rate elections in twenty-two different weeks
might be called to pass upon the twenty-two
propositions now attempted to be submitted.
I think It clear that before December 4, 1904.
no charter amendments can properly b» sub
mitted.
It Is further my opinion that no amendments
to the charter can properly be submitted at
the election to be held on November 8. 1904,
and that any action submitting such amend
ments at this election would be unconstitution
al and void.
I therefore submit to you that on the- fore
going grounds the so-called charter amend
ments Nos. 2 to 12. inclusive, originating with
the Board of Supervisors, not having received
my approval aod not having been presented to
me. cannot lawfully be submitted to the peo
ple, and If so submitted to the people and by
them ratified they would be absolutely void.
Proposed amendment No. 1, relating to re
duction of the tax limit from |1 to 85 cents
per $100 of assessed valuation, was approved
by me and Is not open to the objection above
specified.
There can be. in my opinion, no escape from
the proposition that no valid submission of a
proposed amendment of the charter of San
Francisco originating from the Board of Su
pervisors can be made without presentation to
and action by the Mayor, as. In said section 18
set forth.
The proposed amendments numbered 7 to 12
have never been submitted to me. have never
received my signature and cannot legally be
submitted at the coming election.
The charter of the city and county of San
Francisco may ba amended under the pro
visions of section 8. article XI of the consti
tution of the State of California "at Intervals
of not less than two years by proposals there
for submitted by the legislative authority of
the city to the qualified electors thereof at a
general or special election." etc.
The legislative authority o£ the city and
county of San Francisco under the charter Is
the Board of Supervisors and the Mayor.
Neither the Board of Supervisors nor the May
or alone has any legislative authority.
Legislative power Is vested In the Board of
Supervisors, but the exercise of such power
is ineffective unless confirmed by the approval
of the Mayor, or after his disapproval by the
vote of fourteen members of the Board of
Supervisors orerrullns hi» veto; and no leg
islation is authorized nor does legislative au
thority exist except in the concurrent action
of the Board of Supervisors and of the Mayor
(subject, however, to the charter provisions
relative to his veto power).
3HJST HAVE MAYOR'S APPROVAIa.
The legislative authority and legislative
power can be exercised only by legislative act.
Under section 8 of chapter 1 article II. of the
charter, every legislative act of the city shall
be by ordinance. Under sections © and 16
of the same article every bill and every reso
lution which shall have passed the board shall
be presented to the Mayor for hla approval,
and must ba acted upon by him aa In said
section 16 provided.
So-called proposed amendments Kos. 2 to 6
Inclusive were submitted to me by the Board
of Supervisors for my signature and were by
me vetoed for reasons given at length' in my
veto message to the Supervisors, which vetoes
have never been overruled and have therefore
become final under the provisions of section
16. chapter 1 of article II of the charter.
The Election Commission last even-
Ing received a communication from
Mayor Schmitz advising it not to give
place on the official ballot to the pro
posed twenty-two charter amendments
the Supervisors ordered submitted to
tha voters at the election next month.
The Mayor gives it as his opinion that
the voting on the amendments would
be illegal as well as inexpedient and
informs the Commissioners that pro
posed amendments 2 to 12. inclusive,
have never received his approval.
The board deferred action one week.
The following* was the statement from
the Mayor:
Gentlemen: I ara Informed that th» elerk
of the Board of Supervisor* has transmitted
to you for submission to th* voters of San
Francisco at the ensuing election twenty-two
so-called 'proposed charter amendments, num
bered respectively from 1 to 22.
Your attention Is hereby called to th» fact
that tha so-called proposed amendments num
bered 2 to 12 Inclusive, being; those origin
ating from the Board of Supervisors (with
the exception of proposed amendment No. 1)
have never been approved by me as required
by law, and can therefore have no place upon
th« ballot.
Manager Arthur R. Briggs of the
California State Board of Trade was
somewhat surprised Tuesday when a
Russian gentleman connected with
horticulture and agriculture In the
land of the Czar made the announce
ment that he had* come to California
to find out the best way to raise figs
and raisins in Russia.
The inquirer Is W. Teubatchsw, who
was introduced. In accordance with
the wishes of the Russian Govern
ment, by the Russian Consul in this
city. "With Ru33ia involved in a great
war. In which the principal Russian
aim would seem to be to secure out
lets at points where the winter will
not shut in its fleets,' ordinary sup
position would be that Russia Is not
much of a land in which to produca
fruits which, until California, took up
their culture, have been grown prin
cipally in the Mediterranean lands-
Mr. Teubatchew asserted, however,
that raisins and figs will certainly
grow In Russia as well as in California-
According to his statements there ara
areas in which the climatic conditions
much resemble those of California,
and where the nature of the soil Is also
similar. Mr. Teubatchew has visited
Fresno, but is still seeking for more
information and so visited the Cali
fornia State Board of Trade, where a
vast amount of data. Is always avail
ble. referring to tha State's Industries
and the manner in which they ara
cenducted.
Charter Tinkering Described
as Epidemic and Super
visors Keceive Warm Eap
CZAR'S SUBJECT WOULB
KNOW ALJj ABOUT RAISIXS
EEFEKS TO HIS VETOES
Says They Are Illegal and
.Should Not Be Allowed
on Ballot by Commission
By the death of Prentice M. Clark
son a well known figure has been re
moved from the public life of San
Francisco. For several years Mr.
Clarkson figured prominently in the
local political history of the city,
having been the Superintendent of the
House of. Correction for a number of
years under Sheriff Whelan and made
hundreds of friends. Mr. Clarkson was
much Interested In horse racing and
was the owner of several fine animals.
The funeral will take place to-mor
row from his late residence at 211
Brighton avenue, Ingleside, thence to
St. Michael's Church, Ovean View, and
the interment will take place at Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MAYOR OPPOSED
TO AMENDMENTS
P. M. CLARKSON
GOES TO HIS
ETERNAL REST
THE/ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.
12
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tlie following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
! Ebcn F. Chase, 2S. 925 Geary street, and
Maud Rose. IS. 125U O'Farrell etreet.
Clarence Jlclntire. 31, 11(M Market street,
and Georfc-fana B. Case, 31, Portland, Ore.
Anton Fi-cnna, "2, 17S Collingwood street,
and Charlotte Sundmacher, 10, Nineteenth and
Castro streets. '"" '
Capper T. Glfford. 24, 215% Mason street,
and Lizrie Smith, 19, 217 Joost avenue.
George A. Robertson, 21, 17C0 Clay street,
and Maud A. Kenny, 18. 1543 Jones street.
Robert E. L. Covington. 24, 2C2 Sixth street,
and Ada C. Leary. 24, 2C4 Fifth street.
David R'naldo. 21, San Jose, and Annie
Llnobcrg 21, 24S0 Broadway.
William E. Moore, 28, Stirling City, and Mae
Slocum. 25. MniraMa.
William Comelissen, 37, city, and Marie
Hirlthti. 33, city.
Robert N. Luscombe, 38, 217 Post street, and
Florence Taylor,»20. 1450 Clay street.
George H. GaJbraith. 21, 712 Castro etreet.
and May H. Lowney, IS, S04 Fulton street.
Horatio Barcklay, 20, Menomlnee, Mich.,
and Nellie C. Diebels. 28, 321 Turk street.
Jeremiah F. Sullivan, 87,*. SCO Hayes street,
and Margaret Fennes3y, J3fel70C Leavenworth.
Philip Gordon. L'5. O.TjTaBaight street, and
Sylvia Getz, 19. 540 BroMUbk street.
Joel G. Rush. 38. PlacefVllle, and Ada W.
Moore. 20, Placerville. .'..'.'.
James Rlley. 21. 319 Second avenue, and
Lena F. Kenney, 18. 115 Parker avenue.
Charles H. Garcia, 24. 250 B street, and
Ruby F. Pahl, 10, 700 Sixth avenue,
t Norman H. Murray. 40. 710 Jones street, and
Mabel Blakley, 29. 710 Jones street.
.Selem Sandell, 2!>, 541 Second street, and
Hilma Sjoberg, 24, 541B Second street.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have tha same published.'
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
BACKSTEDT— In this city, October 2, 1904.
to the wife of William H. Backstedt (nee
McTernan). a son. —
DIEHL — In tfala city, September 29. 1904, to
the wife of H. L. Dlehl, a daughter.
EKLUND— In this city, October 4, 190i, to
the wife of E. A. Eklund, a son.
3IARRIED. -
CLARK— GUION— In this city. October 4.
1C04. by the Rev. T. R. Earl. Charles Edwin
Clark and Ml.«s Alice May Guien, both of
this city.
EWING— RENAULT— In thla city, October 1,
1004. by the Rev. Father Ramm, Robert E.
Ewlng- and Mathilda Renault, both of this
city.
FRENCH— HAMILTON— In this city, October
4. by the Rev. XV. C. Pond. Joseph French
Jr. and Lydia J. Hamilton, both of this city.
DIED. >
Clarkson, Prentice Kellner, Sadie
Curran, Laurence J. Levy Alice
Donnelly, Catherine Lynch, Thomas C
Dwight, Lorenzo McGee, Elnore
Eggleston, Emily F. Mehrmann, Dr. John
Finston, Fred O'Meara, Lillian
Garson, Jane . * Penner, Mary
Hofman, Emelia Solvncke. Gustav E.
Hoogs. William W. Symon, James N.
Iverson, Jenslne Wacker, Josephine
Jorden. Mary XV. Whltten. W. S.
CLARKSON— In this city. October 6, 1904,
Prentice M., beloved husband of Mary
Clarkson, and father of the late Henry
Clarkson, and brother of Milton L. Clarkson
and Mrs. Charles Wood and Mrs. John R.
Crale. a native of St. Louts, Mo., aged 56
years 2 months and 17 days.
{EyF'rienris and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:15 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 211 Brighton avenue, Ingleside,
thence to St. Michael's Church, Ocean View,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CURRAN— In thla city. October 3. 1904, Lau-
rence J. Curran. beloved husband of Mary
Curran, and father of Lawrence M. and Eu-
gene M. Curran. a native of Dublin, Ire-
land, aged 60 years.
(ESTrlends and acquaintances *re respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONNELLY — In thla city, at her residence,
701 Devisadero street. October 4, 19o«,
Catharine Donnelly, beloved wife of M. M.
Donnelly, a native of Ireland, aged SS years.
(Michigan and Iowa papers please copy.)
. i CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m., from the mor-
tuary chapel of James Hagan & Co. 40-51
Duboce avenue (formerly Thirteenth street),
near Valencia, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner of Fell and Fillmore streets.
Services to commence at 9 a. m. Interment
Hory Cross Cemetery.
DWIGHT— In thla city, October 5, 1904, at
his residence, 402 Oak street, Lorenzo
Dwight, beloved husband of Mary A.
Dwight. and father of Herbert P. Dwight
and Mrs. Isabel Hunting, a native of
Massachusetts, aged b» years 3 months and
25 days. (Denver, Colo., papers please copy.)
C^Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 a. m., from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
i rero streets at 12 o'clock.
EGGLESTON — In Berkeley. October 5. • 1904,
Emily Frances Egcleston, wife of Ambrose
T. Eggleston, and mother of Ethel Earl
and Charles Pratt Eggleston of Berkeley.
CyNotice of funeral hereafter.
FINSTON— In this city, October 2. 1004, Fred
Flnston. a native of Germany.
ETThe funeral will be held under the
auspices of the Bartenders' League, Local
No. 41. from the parlors of McFadden Mc-
Biearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, to-day
(Thursday), at 2 p, m. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
GARSON— In this city. October 4, 1904 Jane
GarBon, beloved mother of Mrs. J. M. 'Ough,
, a. native of Ireland, aged 55 years 4 months
and*' 4 days.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 a. m.. from the parlors of
Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a
solemn requiem high man wi}l be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth -and
Guerrero streets.
HOFMAN— In this city. October 4, 1904 at
her residence, 2ijl.';>£ Sutter 6treet between
Baker and Lyon, Emelia Hofman (nee Clas-
sen), dearly beloved wife of Anton Hofman,
lovins mother of Aloyslus A.. Joseph V.
and Emelia M. Hofman, beloved daughter of
John Joseph and the late Christina Classen
beloved Bister of August F.. Nita, Christina
and the late Hattle Classen, and cousin of
Albertlna Meyerhofer, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years 1 month and 28
cays.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend a solemn requiem
high mass to-day (Thursday), at y:30
a. m.. at St. Boniface's Church Golden Gate
avenue, tjetween Jones and Leavenworth
streets, which will be celebrated for the
reposo of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HOOGS— In Oakland. October 5. 1004, at 69
Valley street, William Woodbury Hooga
beloved father of William E. Hooks, ¦ and
brother of Albert F. Hoogs, a native of
Massachusetts, aced CO years 10 months and
21 days. A member of tl-e Society of Cali-
fornia Pioneers and Veteran Reserves Com-
pany A. . '
IVERSON— In Oakland. October 5, 1904
Jenslne Iverson of Paso Robies, Cal., beloved
wife of Mat Iverson, a native of Germany
aged 30 years 0 months and 14 days. .
JORDEN— In Oakland, October 4, 1904, Mary
Winifred Jorden. beloved daughter of Mrs
Patrick J. O'Neil. and sister of Dannie J.
Jorden, a native of Stege, Cal., aged 4 years
3 months and 18 days.
KELLNER— In this city, October 5 1904
Sadie, dearly beloved and only child of
Louis and Lottie Kellner. a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 months and 16 days
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 1 p. m.. from the family resi-
dence. 2674 Twenty- second street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
LEVY — In this city. October 4. 1904, Alice
beloved daughter of David S. and- Mary
Levy, and sister of Edward and Alda Levy
and Mrs. M. E. Friedman, a native of San
Francisco. (New York and London, Eng-
land, papers please copy.)
E7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. October 6. 1904. at 9 a, mat
the parlors of Julius 8. Godeau, 810 Van
Ness avenue. Interment private at I o
O. F. Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city. October 4. 1904 Thomas
• Clarence, dearly beloved and only son of
Thomas and Mary Lynch, and beloved broth-
er of Lillle. Mabel. Marguerite and Jennie
Lynch, 'a native of San Francisco aged "
years and 23 days..
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ,to-Uay
(Thursday), at 1:30 p. m.. from. the. resi-
dence' of the parents. 323 Langton street
. Interment . Holy Cross Cemetery. .<¦•-• •
McGEE— In Frultvale, October 5, 1904, Elnore
beloved daughter of George and Mertie>
McGee. and sister of * Wayne McGee, a na-
tlve of Indiana, aged 8 years 11 months and
29 days.
MEHRMANN — In Oakland,' October 4. 1904.
F. J. I Monahan. « Manacer. Tel.' Mission 31
MONAHAN, O'HAEA:& 00 ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
2339-2311 Mission St., near Nineteenth
• ¦ San Francisco.
I BOOKS TO LET— Purn^janjl^Unlainj^
J EIGHTHS ave. C74-T.7S. near Golden Gate
Park— Two *unry bay-window rooms; rur-
i cluhed o r unfurnished: reasonable.
I FILBERTr~424— Furnished room; private fam-
ily; with bath ar.d i>hone. -
GRASU routhern. 7!h and Mission— Rooms 35c
to f 1 23 r.ight; $1 &0 to $6 wk. : reading-room.
! GRANT ave., 7— Nicely furnished sunny frcnt
j eulte; also single rooms. $2 to $8 week.
ilAYHS. i:«J, cor. Van Ness— Two single sunny
looms, suitable for gents. $6.
HAYES, 767 — Front and back parlor and two
I tingle rooms nnd use of kitchen; gas, bath
and fchene: call bet. 12 and 2 o'clock.
i HOWARD. 715— Large sunny rooms at low
| rates; 20c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
I HOWARD. 737%— Manilla; nicely sunny fur-
I nlfhrd rooms frcm $1 SO up. Call.
JOKES. 823. near Bush— Sunny front alcove
room, cozy corner, 520. #
ICEARNY 323— Two nicely furnished suites.
LARKIN. S04 — Sunny front room: suitable for
g-entleman; fire grate; $7 30 pec month.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521 — Two or three rooms,
furnished or unfurnished, for houaekpg.; $10.
MARKET. 759 — Sunny rooms. .^___
MARKET. 104& (The Falmouth)— Sunny
rsonia; hot. cold water, elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St. — «K>
single and family rooms 3&c to $1 SO per day,
$2 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office en ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and givea free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MISSION^ 1514. near Eleventh— Single fur-
nished front room; central; private house;
SI per week.
MISSION, 276S— One nicely furnished room.
NINETEENTH. 3327— Front room; furnished;
gentleman; two rooms, light houst keeping,
rent reasonable, in warm belt.
OAK. 124 — Eleicant front room, lower floor;
private hoese; $10 month.
OCTAVIA. 1157. EUs-st. car— Housekeeping
suites.
O"FARRELL, 571— Newly furnished rooms at
a reasonable rate by the month.
O'FARRELL. 1520. near Buchanan — Large
furnished room; hot and cold water: bath;
ithone; $10; one email furnished room $0;
prjvate.
PAGE, 1C30— Parlor suite, lavatory, graa
grate, kitchen; single rooms, furnished and
unfurnished.
POST. 9e2— Nicely /umlshed sunny rooms,
SS month: gas, bath, phone; modern.
ROYAL HOUSE.126 Ellis— Incandescent lights ;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, "5c to $1 60; week, $2
to $S; menth, SS to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
STOCKTON. 41 and 45— Nicely furniehed sun-
ny front rooms; also single, $1 50 to $6 week.
THH ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH ETS. — POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SER-
VICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont. 301 Sutter — New brick bldg.,
finely furnished: hot. cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; ?2 50 to $5 per week.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rorm* 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; bagsaje.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35; to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night up.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription! received at
Cal! branch office. cor.Duncan and Church ets.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Tnlted States or Canada one year for $1.
EOOMS A^BOARD.
FRANKLIN, 1C5» — A large, sunny, front
room, suitable for two: excellent taole; terms
moderate.
OCTAVIA, 1925, cor. Sacramento — Overlooking
Lafayette square; comfortable rooms and
excellent home board.
A— POST. 1114, near Van Ness ave. — Sunny
rooms; excellent board; references.
ELLIS. 14J5C — Cheerful, sunny rooms, with or
without board; cczy corner.
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new' manag.
FRONT room with board for two. 1311A Ma-
sonic ave.
GUERRERO. 114 — Very sunny rooms, wltn
board: runnirr water.
HAIGHT. CO— Nicely furnished single rooms;
good home cooking; reasonable.
HOWARD, 841A— Flrst-cla«s board and room,
slngie or double. $5-$C wk. ; American family.
Stevenson Manslor. opp. Grace Church annex,
£07 California — See rooms, learn prices, try table
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly CalP
10 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EOOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Bv young married couple 2 or 3
connecting rooms. Including kitchen; must be
nicely furnished and north of Market; will
be permanent if satlsfactpry. Address stat-
ing price, box 2056, Call office.
— — ~
__STOBAGE_AND_WAaEKOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
I 731 Howard «t.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st.-
phone Mint 2011; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 071.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and mcrchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 128.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. XV. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEICINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
Et.: tel. Mala 1840. Shipping at cut rate*.
sgwra^MACKraxsAyp sttpptje 3.
WHY not buy or rent the best? You can buy
or rent a White sewing machine at the same
price you pay for inferior makes. Visit the
new retail office of the White Co.. at 915
Market «t.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.» near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds. $3. $5, fS; guaranteed; where the
dolTs nwlnr in the window. 1051 Market st.
stopjd szxrxrao.
GUARANTEED cure: send BOcP Tablet f crm
mailed in ulaln package; has cured .hou-
tands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. 8. F.
st u TTERraro and stammeehto,
MELBOURNE InstituteTvanTless^jinTMarkeT
cures; esttb. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 3 p. m.'
TYPEWRITERS AND SITPFJjZES. '
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington7"NoTi
Smith Premier. $25: other typswritera at
higher end lower prices; rentals $2 50 The
Typewriter Exchange. E36 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Vtebnter Type writing Inspec Co.. 503 Market.
viavi.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
v 0 !??-^^ 111 '?.* 1 booklet *«<:: write for it.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 2S2.
I DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco— At a regular meet-
ing of th« Board of Directors of this bank •
held October 4. 1004. a dividend for thfe
quarter year, ending September 30 11)04
wan declared at the rate of seven (7) per
cent per annum, payable on and after the
15th inst. Transfer books will be closed
from the 10th to the 15th inst., both days
inclusive. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary
Kan Francisco. Oct. 4. 1904.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder . Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 70. of fifty cents
(Me) per share on the Issued capital stock
of the company has been declared, payable
at the office of the company, rooms 202, 204
and 20b. Hsyward buildinr. San . Francisco,
on " October 10. 11)04. Transfer books close
Oct. 3, 1904. at noon. C. C. Qulnn, Secretary.
OCEAX TRAVEL
e Steamers Ieare Broadway
wharves (plera 9 and 11>.
San Francisco:
For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
Juneau. Hainea. Skaguay.
etc, Alaska — 11 a. m., Octo-
ber 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Nov.
1. Change to thin company's
¦(earners at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
South Bellingham. Bellingham— 11 a.ra.. Oct. 2.
T, 12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
. For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :30
p. m.. October 1. 7. 13. 19. 23. 31. Not. n.
Corona, 1:30 p. m.. October 4. 10. 16. 22. 2jt.
Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Ange!e» and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Lo» Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucosv Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. October 6, 14. 22. 3O. Not. 7.
Coos Bay, 8 a. m.. October 2. 10. 18. 2a.
Nov. 3.
For Ensenada, Mardalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazstlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Right
la reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFTICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery »t- (Palace HoteO. IO Market rft..and Broad.
way wharves. Freight O3ea 10 Market st.
C. D. DITNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check baggage from hotel* and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AIKEXXCACT I.IITE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg' — SonthAzaptan.
From New York. Saturday. 9:3O a. m.
Germanic Oct. 13|St. Paul Oct. 2»
New York Oct. 22lPhlladelphia ...Not. &
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
New York — London Direct.
Manltou. .Oct. 15. 0 amjMesaba. .Oct. 20. 9 ant
Mnnetnka.Oct.22. 4 pm'Mnneh.Nov. 5. 3:30 pra
DOMIHTOH 1*131 il.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea pan sa. $?•<».
Southwark Oct. l'JDomlnlon Oct. 29
Kensington Oct. 221Vancouver Nor. 5
BED STAB IiI2TE.
New York — Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
From New York. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m.
Finland Oct. l.'l Kroor.land ....Oct. 29
Vadcrland Oct. 22Zeeland Xorr. S
WHITE STAE Tilnn.
New York — Que«n«town — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Cedrlc--' 06 *- 1*. ft am! Teutonic. Oct. 26. 10 aa
Oceanic. Oct. 19. 2 pm Celtic... Oct. 28, 7am
Arabic... Oct. 21. 3 pm'Baltlc Nov. 2. noon
Boston — Qneenstown— -Liverpool.
Cymric* Oct. IS. Nor. XT
xrcw- ssevics rsost bostos.
Xaat Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11.40O to 15.000 TOSS.
mCW YORK AND BOSTON DXBSCS
To the Mediterranean.
Via Axores, Gibraltar, Naules, Genoa.
FROM NEW YORK.
REPITBLIC. ..Oct 20. Dec 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 25
CRETIC Nov. 3. Dec. 12. Feb. 4. March IS
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC. .Oct. 29. Pec. IO. Jan. 28. Mar. It
CANOPIC Nor. 19. Jan. 7. Feb. 1%
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St., San Francisco.
TOYO Kip KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Bteam-rs will leave Pacific Mall wharf, oor-
1 ner First and Brannan streeta. at 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO callta* at
Kobe (Hloco). Nagasaki and Shanghai antt
connecting at Hongksns with steamers for
India etc. No cargo received oa board oa daj>
1* ""'AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, October 19. 190*
Via Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
cony's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
bccaaics.s.co.SB^M
g 3. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. S, 11 a.m
s! S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Oct. 20. 11 a.ml
s! S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 20, 2 p. m,
J.D.SPBECHLS&B20S. Ctt, Al&,TlCt!lO!te6flIir-
tti Freizat rcacs 323 Mar'tat si. Pisr 7, PaciHi \i
C0MPA9XIE QSHSaALE TS15S1TI19TIQJJ.
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVRE -PARIS au#>ii
Sailing erery Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -«-TrF-
North River, foot of Morton st.
First clasa to Havre. $70 and upward. Seo»
end class to Havre. $43 and upward. GKN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 3 Montgomery avenue. 8an Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO
STEAMEft ItX CORCORAN
Leaves E. F.. Clay st.. N end of Ferry bldr.
daily 9:30 a. m.. 3 and *S p. m. Sundays.
9:30 a. m... 8 p. m.. leave Vallejo dally 0:3O
a. m.. 12:20 and w:30 p. m. Scndays 5 p. m.
Fare 25c. P. A. G. Co. Phone Mala &4L
'Saturdays excepted.
ror V. S. Havy Yard and VaXIejo.
Strs. General Frlsble. Mont! cello and Arrow.
0:43 a.m.. 12:3Op.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 8 p.m.. 3:30 p.
m Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:43 a.nv.
12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m., 8:30 pm. Leave Vallejo. t
a.m., 9 a.m., 12 :'M p.m., 3:13 p.m., 0 p.m. Sun-
days. 7 a.m.. « a.ra. % 3:2t> pm.. A p.m. Pier X
ft. Mission St.; phone Main 1308.' HATCH BR03
BT. DOMINICS CHURCH BUILDINO ASSO-
CIATION— The monthly requiem high mass
for the deceased members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association and for parents
and relatives of living members will be
sung in St. Dominic's Church, Thursday, at
0 a. m.
EEAL ESTATE — C1TT— rgS SAXS.
G H UMbIeN~& CO., 20 Montgomery *t.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION'
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of lr.\es'..Ti?at, rtsitence and unimproved
prci>ert:es will be held at our salesroom. 20
UotUcetBery st.. Tuesday. October 11. at 12
o'clock j;oon.
REFEREE SALE.
The 5 rc.!Io»:sir properties will be sold, sub-
im to confirmation b>- the Superior Court.
aliliouch no i:icrcaee L..<I can be offered in
court after sale:
No. 1.
Xc«. Cll-XU-15 Pt.Tklon St., west line, be-
tweca r.::*h tr.d P. :ie sts.; improvements con-
sist of o ants cf «j rooms and bath each; rents
I'M to ;.er month; lot 23x1*0.
No. 2.
ICo. 503 Stockton st.; improvements concUt
of 2-story dwelling of a rooms and Lath; rent
f37 £0 per nicrtith; lot 23x00.
/ No. 3.
No. 22 Teharr.a St., north lint, between 1st
and 2d sts.; imorovenwnts consist of duelling
of 32 rooms and bath; rent f22 p*r month; lot
23xS0.
No. 4.
No. C4 Tehatca St.; improvements consist or
<!w*Uins of 11 rccrcs and bath; rent J23: lot
CSxSO.
No. 5.
No 254 Tthama st., north line, between ,
Za and 4th »ts.; improvements consist ol j
dweiUng or C rootrs end rents 520 per rccntn:
let 25x80.
M. McKENNA ESTATE.
Administrator Sale.
No. 1779 15th ml., south line, between Va-
lencia and Guerrero sts.: improvement* con- j
»'.»t of 2-etcry dwelling or 7 rooms and bath; j
let '2ZX30Q— subject to confirmation by the Eu-
perior Court. __
VALEXCXA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Valencir st.. east lir.«. between Hth and
If.th: 1* choice building lots clcse to trans. er
point: this pj-operty hes a most promising/
future: lots l&xlrt) each. i
BROPEKK-K-STREET PROPERTT.
No. Sl'll Broderfek et.. west lin<\ between
Wash install and Jackson; improvements con-
Bict cf a deeirabl-? 2-story residence of 8 rooms
ar.d bath; rents $35 per month; lot 27:8Hx
112:6.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 1513 leavenworth St.. east line, between
Jacksca and Pacific; frame improvements ccn-
¦:«t of front nnd rear dwellings: rents $33 per
month; let .12:CxIC2:C to an alley.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
N>*. 46-S Ncrfolk Ft., off the southerly line
or Folfom. between 11th and 12th: improve-
ments consist of C tcn»menu nr.d stable; rents
$32 ;*r nvwirh; lot "4x81. irregular. J
CASTP.O-ETRnET CORNER.
Southeast comer 2"<3 and Castro sts.: d«- |
¦•rable balldint lot. C3:&IC5; bank mortgage
of SirOO at <> oor cent can remain.
LOIS M. APGAR ESTATE.
A-'.mlnistratiix Sale.
The following properties must be so'd to j
clc*e the cbeve estate, tablet to confirmation
bv the Burerior Court: !
CKIVEBSXTY HT>. EX. ASSN. '
Lot 7 of block 116. j
SrXNTSIDE ADDITION. j
Lot* IS. 30 cf block 10; lets 45. 48 of block |
45.
SAN MATEO COvTXTT.
Lot 11 o? block '. Enconditi Tract.
ALAMEDA COL~NTT.
Lots 8. t». 10. 11 of block A, Broadway Ter-
race Tract.
MERCED COUJCTT.
The westerly V4 of sectior. 2C and the south-
e««t J * cf section 25. in township 99 S. R 9 E.
M D. B. & M.. containing 4S0 acres.
For catalogue and further particulars, apply
to our office.
G. H. 11IBSEX & CO..
20 Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
Jl 25 PER WE"K.
NO INTEREST.
Cholceet lots in the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on street
#rrad*: close to f.ne ec"l*.r>c!: not far from the
tflsilflll tt electric cars; secure one as an
investment «r.d by the time it Is paid for it
will have 'doubled in value the way prices
have advanced during the part year; buy
now before prices become prohibitive in this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery «.. r. 6. Phone Main 5704.
BARGAIN IN* WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
night rooms, bath and finithed basement; ~i
first -claes condition.
Fine i^lghborhood; convenient to all cars;
l&r£e lot.
Cast and west exposure: easy terms if de-
sired.
OSCAR HETMAK. 14 Poet et.
1 3<m— Hou*« of 0 r. and b. ; 23d *t.. nr. York;
S500 would make it into fine flats.
STSftO — 2 flats of 6 r. and b. on Twenty-seventh.
$2750 — New «5-r. ootar*. Whitney et.: -terras.
D. COFFIN. 2."2S Mission, near 21st st.
A ?2<XX» HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on >1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
ALL work guaranteed first claws by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. S56 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and be«t in America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pares, sent to any address In the
Vr'.ird States or Canada on* year (or Si.
P"*t»r» paid.
BBAI. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange — 160 acree of good tlm- I
ber land, spruce, hemlock, silver fir. pine, i
etc; 7 mile* southeast of Sutanville. Lassen
Connty: unincumbered; will exchange for
OaJcland or Sslh Francisco property in whole
or part cash. For particulars apply to J. H. I
MACDONALD & CO.. 1O52 Broadway. Oak. I
EOOMS TOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 743 — Fine housekeeping suite; gas
range, yard, phone.
ELGIN PARK. T,t— T.'nfurr.!sh»d double par-
lors; regu'.er kitchen; sunny; modern; adults.
GEAUT. 12C'.— Completely furnished room for
housekeeping; cunny bay-window, bath; 515
per month.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 311 — Unfurnjsbed rooms
for housekeeping; also ElngU and suites.
GOLDEN GATE are.. C!3 — Sunny alcove. $18;
3 large rooms. ?20; single room. J1L
HOWARD. 1&71— 2 cr 3 large rooms, furnished
or unfurnished: modern conveniences; private
family; chea;> to right parties.
JACKSON, 910 — Three complete, runny, out-
elde rooms for housekeeping y
JEf SIE. 223 — Sunr.y eingle room, furnished; !
ligfct housekeeping; gas; Jl 75 week.
JESSIE. 323— Large front room; water, gas
range; $3 50; ether rooms, $3 and $1 75 each.
KENILWORTK. cor. Bush and Powell — Three- '
room runny apartments; titan heat; cen loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam beat-
ed. electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LA^KIE, 27A— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping, or sirrle.
LIBERTY. 604 — Take Castro car; 4 sunny,
mod. unfurn- rooms; warm belt; references.
MARKET. 1122— A eulte of rooms- for $16.
SiAYUELLE. 202 Grove, eor. Van Ness— Sunny
furn. 2 and 3 room Van Ness suites; bath.
MCALLISTER. "lO^ — I^rge alcove and house-
keeping rooms; nicely furnished and sunny.
MCALLISTER, 0S3 — 2 large sunny unfurnished
back rooms, with lighting gas; (12 50.
MINNA. 251. comer Fourth— Furnished sunny
housekeeping; also front and single; cheap.
MINNA. 454A (rear)— 2 cheap {umianed rooms
for fceueekeeping.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $3 to
$12; cas range; hot bath; adults.
POST. 1«I<5 — Two nicely' furnished, sunny
housekeeping rooms; $15; no children.
TWENTY- FOURTH. 3174—2 or 3 rooms for
housekeeping, with gas range.
VAN NESS ave.. 232 — Famished 2-room suite;
1 e'.r.glc; housekeeping; $18. $16, $12; adults.
-i
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements end subscriptions has been
cpened at 1008 Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until II p. m.
ATAXTVOEVT gQTTHEB.
BT. LOCIS. 1675 Jackscn— Marine view; 3-4-J
rooms: furn. or unfur.; refs. Tel. East 1330.
ROOMS TO LET — Para, anfl TTaXarn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 i>er night, 51 25 to $5 per weeje »"rt
ligbt housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 'The AUnonte." S7S Market at. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 23c. COc. tl. $1 60 night;
$1 £0 to f JO week: house cpen all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights: running water In every room; 200
rcoi::s ; 23c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
CHURCH. l&SA. near Market — Sunny front
room; $C
EDDY. 210^ — Private, elegant, sunny single and
double rooms; reasonable; $6 to $14...
¦- ¦ . f ¦ . ¦ -.-• ¦ .
EDDY. 1251— Sunny rooms; quiet; reasonable.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:16 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 1535 Howard street, between Eleventh
and Twelfth, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, between Jones
, and Leavenworth streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Crosa Cemetery. Kindly omit
flowers.
WHITTEN— In thts city, October 5, 1904,
XV. S.. dearly beloved husband of Mollte
Whltten, and devoted father of Mrs. Jennie
Berlin, Mrs. Mabel Lauthler and Ida H. and
Laura M. Whltten. and brother of Z. T.
Whltten, a native of Cincinnati, Ohio, aged
52 years 6 months and 6 days. (Cincinnati
papers pleaaa copy.) .
C7Frlends and acquaintances an respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), October 7 at 2 p. m. # from hia
late residence, 308% Eighth street, between
Folsom and Harrison.
Dr. John F., beloved husband of Catherine
L. Mehrmann and father cf Fred and Dr.
H. B. Mehrmann, a native . of Germany,
a Eed 7G years 9 months and 1 day.
u^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
haturday morning, October 8, at 10 a. m.,
at his late home, 852 Isabella street. Oak-
land. Interment private.
O'MEARA— In this city. October 3. 1904. Lil-
lian, dearly beloved wife of Maurice B.
O'Meara. a native of Alpenia. Mich., aged
46 J£l TB ai ** 6 months.
IC^-FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
October 0. at 8:30 a. m from her late resi-
dence, 2320 Folsom street between Nlne-
. teenth and Twentieth, thence to St. Charles
Borromeo's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 a m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
Monahan. O'Hara & Co. 2339-41 Mission
street, near Nineteenth until Thursday, Oc-
tober, 6.
PENNER' — In Oakland. October 5, 1904. Mary
Penner, a natfva of Russia, ased 31 years
and 15 days.
SOHNCKE— In Oakland October 3. 1904,
Gustav Edward Sohncke, beloved father of
Angelica, Hugo and Kurt Sohncke a native
of Germany, aged 72 years 1 months and 11
days.
SYMON— Entered into rest in this city. Octo-
ber 4, 1904, James N.. beloved husband of
Orace Symon. devoted father of Mrs. James
Stewart. James C.. Samuel C, George, Wil-
liam. John B. and David D. Symon. and
brother of Charles Symon a native of Scot-
land, aged 68 years 4 months and 8 days.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 p. m., from his late
residence. 120 Mississippi street, between
Seventeenth and Mariposa. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by special ear on
8:30 p. m. train from Third and Townaend
streets.
WACKER— In thla city, October B. IBM,
Josephine Wacker (nee Byhner), dearly be-
loved wife of Charles F. Wacker, and de-
voted mother of Karl J., George H., Frieda
K. and the late Elsie Wacker, and idolized
sister of Mrs. A. Kreurer. Mrs. P. Roemer,
Mrs, G.iOrai and Miss Johanna, Felix. M.
Charles, Fralc X., Joseph and Theodore
Ryhner, a native of Schwya, Canton
Schwyz, Switzerland, aged 41 year* 0 months
and 5 day«.
FREE FREE FREE
TEA ; *,
GARDEN
DRIPS.
A QUART CAN OF SYRUP
For the tablet Upon this prod-
uct the Pacific Coast Syrup Co.
has built its reputation.
A CAN RREE
WITH WANT ADS
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied page.Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. ;"_¦ March.
Opening 7 7 7 8«
Closing 7 6Tb 7 8
PARIS.
.Wheat— "~ Oct. Jan.-ApL
Opening 23 00 25 00
Closing 24 00 25 05
Flour —
Opening 31 60 '32 75
Closing 31 65 32 65
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST.; LOUIS Oct. 5.— Wool steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing. 20026c- light
fine 181820c; heavy fine. 12®16c: tub washed.
Northern Business.
EEATTLE. Oct. 5.— Clearings, $908,740 Bal
ances. $253,389. .
-TACOMA, Oct. 5.— Clearings, $405,678. Bal
ance*. * $23, 7S1. • r :¦:--.¦
\ PORTLAND, Oct. 5.— Clearings, $650,304.
Balance*. $01.01$. - - .,...,
Forecaster Willson of the Weather
Bureau received reports last nirht that
showers had visited certain sectlona.in
the northern portion of the btate.* it
waa cloudy In San Francisco and rain
may be expected here some time to
day.
Rater Weather Coming. '.-*
j Miscellaneous Markets. |
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. S— 3 p. m.
UNITED STATES BQJJD3.
Bid. Ank.t Bid. Ask.
i 4s qr coup.. 10*4107 (4s qr cp new.MlSJM^
4s qr reg...!0»H41OT |3« qr coup...l05hl0«
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co 6s.ll»% —
I A«so Oil 5«. 71H — Do 5s . 112 —
Bay CPC 5s.l0mi02% Do eon 5s.lOl»ilO3
Cal C G 5s.lO3*i — Oceanic S *s. — 65
Cal G & E g I Om Cable ««.12OVi —
m A ct 5s. 91%, Sim Pae G Im 4s. 85 W
; Cal-st C 5S.112H — P E Ry 6»- — 1^»H
C C Wat 5s. W — I P & C H •s.104 —
EdL * P fis.122 125 IP4OR Ca-IMHUS
F & C H 63. — — I Powell-st 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 50 — ! Sac EG*R5s. Sat; —
I H»C«3 5Hs.l«5 — ! SF * SJVS».U«^ —
Do 5s ?»H »«%' Sierra R 6s.. 111*4 —
i Hon R T 6a.l07«4 — I S P of A 6s
I L A Elec 5s. — 104 (1900) 1C6H —
1 L A Ry 5s..llHi — I <mo> ..1C914 —
' L A L Co 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gti 6a. — — <lflft5)Sr A.1W —
Do gtd Ss.lCO — <15W«>Sr B.100^ —
' LAP lem Rs. 102 — I <10C<D 1«5H1O4
Mkt-st C «s.H5 — <1912) . 113H —
Do lem 5s.ll* — (SPC 1 cw 5S.117V, —
MV4 MtT5s.lO5 — I Do stampd-lOfl^ —
: XRR of C6s.H»?tilO7 IS P B R ee.1.11 —
Dq 5s 117 — IS V Wat 6s.lO4^ —
N P C R 5s.lO5Ht — ! Do 4s 2dm.lC*u;iM>%
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 * Do 4s 3dm. S9Vi —
N CPC 5s. — W! Dog mtK4s 99V* W
N S R R r»s. — 10.1 Istkn GAE«fe v 9S —
O G L&H 5s. — 110*4! U O & E 5s.lO2H .—
O W gtd 5s. — tfO I .
WATER STOCK3. ,
¦Contra Coeta — 37 Vi! Port Co*ta... — •
I Marin Co. . . *— CO |S V Wat Co. r— ¦ ' 3» :
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
! Cent LAP. 3% 4 | 8 F O * E. 60% 61
! Mutual EL.—- .12 IStkm G A E,.-» »5^
i>ac L Co... 59 — |U G ft EC*— —
; INSURANCE. -¦ "
• Firem's Fnd.315 3J0 I
BANK STOCKS.
[ Am Ntl Bk.. — LW |L P A A 150 . — ;
t Anglo-Ca! .. »5 9«> I Mer Trust — 233
f Bank of Cal. 420 — (Merch Ex.... 50 56H
', CaJ Safe Dp. — !!&> S F Natlonl. — —
; First Natlonl — — j
¦ SAVINGS BANK9. .
I Ger S A L.2H30 — I Sav A L So. . — ICO
I Hum SAL. — — ' Sec 8av Bk.. — 424
f Mutual Sav. — 1C0 Union T Co. . — —
j S F Sav U.615 • — •
I STREET RAILROADS.
California ..1S5 2CO ! Presidio «... — 42H
Geary — 40 I
POWDER.
1 Giant , M MHtVlgorit — 4*i
' . 8UGAR.
f Hawaiian C. tt\ 64 I Makaweli C. 28U 28H
I Honokaa S C UK 15H' Onomea S C. 37% 29
Hutch SPC 0?i lQ>4Paauhan S C. 15«s »5%
1 Kilauea SC. - 4Ht
¦ MISCELLANEOUS. -
I Alaska P A. 126 — [Oceanic S Co. * 2H 3
• Cal F C A. 00 10i> Pac Aux FA. 4H —
Cal Wine A. — 84 I Pac C Borx.158 157i»
MVA MtTm. 06 — I Pac S Tel Co.112 llfl
SALES.
Morning Seasioa.
35 Alaska Packers' Association.. .127 ft>
50 Hawaiian Com! A Sugar 62 S7H
50 Hawaiian Com! A Sugar 63 00
50 Hcnokaa S Co 15 25
50 Hutchinson S P Co 10 CO
40 Paauhau 3 P Co „ 15 37H
101 Spring Valley Water Co...... 39 CO
Afternoon Session.
5 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar Cl 00
15 Makaweli 28 50
$2,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 8s... S8 75
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask! Bid. Ask.
B L Wat 68.113 115^1 S P C R 49.UUU1C2
Cal NW 5«..ll0 — IS P Co <i 3 «.li)l 1,102
M C Wat 53.10O — I Sun Tel «s...H1 —
Rts I Wks 5s — 105 I Suttr-st R5s.lM —
SF Drdk 53.112 — | UR of SF 4s. 83H 83U
SF A NP 53.112VU13 I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 28H!LonA SF Bk. «U —
Amer BU» Co 75 90 Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils SO — Nev Nat Bk.105
Cal GAECor. 4«H 4g I N 8 K R Co. 9U —
C Jockey C1.110 — ! N Cal P Co. — »U
Cal Powder.. 130 145 Oak Bk Sav.l2O
Cal Ship Co. — 23- €?on...75 — '
Cal T I A T. — 155 t IOOF Hall A «H —
Cen Bk. Oak — 63 tOrpheum Co.. — 15U
Chntes Co .. 5 — j PacC Cas Cal25 —
City A C Bk — - 120 | Pae Sur Co.106 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6$4!P»raf Paint.. 39* '
East Dynm.. — 375 I S F Drydock — 63
DpntPwd pfd — Si^iSFASJ Coal.. 17^20
Do com ..SO 37H f S J Wat C0.IOB14 —
FN Bk Oak.l2t» — I SO A MTgbt.123' —
Fischer Thtr 10c 40c Swiss-A Bk..ll5
Frnch-A Bk.lCS — Truck Elect.. — 12«
j Hono P Co.. 24 — UR.InC pfd. M*i 574
Do pool .. — -28 Do com ... 12«£ — ' ¦
SALES.
Morning Seasion.
Street — ' ¦ . r •
*?.fiCO S F A N P Ry 5 per cent.... 112 5*>
! $25.CCO S F Gas A Electric 4%s...\..ioe 50
• $>,ttu United R R of S F 4 per cent. 83 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— ' -'XBld. " ' Asked
Apollo «....;: V 4O ..."
Associated Trust Cert 19 «•«
Caribou , 4 50 4 53
Chicago Crude: 77^ • 8©
Four t 3T . ftg
Hanford ,....175 00 190 0ft
H»™, - ••••• 1 35 1 50
Imperial u (o
Independence -27 - 23 -
Junction « 02 03
Kern (old).' ........:... 4 40 4 50
Lion 01
Monte Cristo : «l "*h
Occidental of W Va...; " '04 ' ©5
OH City Petroleum:.' 50 53
Peerless 14 oq
Reed Crude. 1 jo
Senator... eS * 70
Sterling 2 30 " 3 00 |
Thirty-three ;..-.... s 23
Twenty-eight , J 1© flO 11 00
West Shore 1 95 2 23
Miscellaneous — - . - ¦ ¦
Monarch <pool) ; 30 37
Abby Land and Improvement 1 35 1 so
Chutes Company... S SO - - 1 oq
Fischer's Theater...... 10 30
Trnckee Electric... H 75 13 »
- SALES.
Morning Session.
,V)O Junction m
¦ 40» Monte Cristo. ........ ..; ' «3
BOO Oil. City Petroleum..... .;... '55
. Afternoon Session.
50 Caribou ....-..¦ 4 50
50»» Claremont," s 30 Sft
500 Apollo ,... , 40
100 Twepty-eiglJt.QU.b 10...... .10 Oft
EVAPORATED APPLES— The. market con
tinues quiet, but demand 1s light, owing to
the absence of Important offerings, and prices
SUGAR— Raw. steady: fair refining, 8»ic;
centrifugal. 1»3 test, 4 5-16c; molasses sugar,
34c Refined, quiet; crushed, 5.15c; pow
dered. 5.15c: rranu!ate,d. fi.Ooe.
BUTTER — Weak: street price extra cream
ery. 204<r21e; official price, creamery com
mon to e^tra. 13tj20^*c.
CIIEKSE — Unchanged.
EGGS — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for Coffee futures closed steady
at a decline of CfilO points. Sales were re
ported at 5500 bags, including October At
K.fZ> ¦6*5. 7Oc. November at fi.SOc; December at
'¦;.v-:jjre.aao, January at 6.95c. March at 7.156
7.20c. May at 7.35«7.40c. August at 7.65c and
September at 7.60#J7.7(V?. ' •
WHEAT— Receipts. 22,000: wles. 4,750 000
bushels, futures. Spot, market easy No 2
red. $1 ie*s. f. . 0- .b. afloat: JNo. 1 Duluth
$1 21 % t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba'
nominal f* o. b, afloat. Except Tight at the
opening, when steadied by local covering'
wheat acted weak all day. The principal sell-
Ing motives were heavy Northwest receipts
poor cables, foreign selling and Increased es
timate* cf the spring wheat crop. Finalprlces
«howe4 l®l*ie net decline. May. $1 12?ifl
1 14U. closed $1 12*; : July closed $1 02V; De
cember. $1 144§l 15X. closed tl 14%. *
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Steady.
. WOOL — Steady. - "• •
PETROLEUM— Steady. . '.-| I
COFFEE— Spot, Rio steady; No. 7 invoice,
8V?c; mild steady.
NEVl YORK, Oct. 5.— FLOUR— Receipts
1P.100: exports. 12.S32: sales. 4200 packkiej'
Market, firm, but dull. '
Nezv York Grain and Produce,
The Porter Metal Works of 121
Beale street, through its attorrVey. ' I*
H- Brownstone. turned over its busi
ness to Its creditors yesterday. The.
Porter Metal Works was incorporated,
in 1902. introducing a new method of
«lectro-.p!atlnr. which proved unsuc
cessful. The liabilities of the company
arc- $12,000 arid its assets amount Jo
J3000. .
Porter 3IetaI Works FalL*.
BAGS — Grain Bags, $5&5 25;- San QuenUn.
$4 50; Wool Bags. :iO@32c; Fleece Twine. 74e;
Fruit Bags, 64974c for white and 7c fer
brown Jut*.
COAL—^Wellington. $S per ten; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $8 50:
Beaver Hill. $5 60: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay.
$3 50; Richmond, $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 60; Cannel, $» per ton; Coke.
$11 S0@13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, f s 50 pe r short
OILS— Quotations are for barrels ; for cases
add 5c: Linseed, 53c per gallon for boiled and
51c for raw; Castor OH. In eases. "No. 1 70c; 1
Bakers' A A, cases. $1 10Q1 12; Lurol, 50c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases.
«3<g80c/ per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels..
'5Sc for Ceylon and • 55c for Australian; extra,
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil C3c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil 67c; natural Whale Oil, 32c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
63c- light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil,. 37c; raw
Fi«h Oil. 35c: boiled Paint Oil. 33cr r^w Paint
Oil. 31c ' -
COAL OIL— Water White Coal : Oil. In bulk.
13c- Pearl Oil. In cases, 194c: Astral. 104c;
Star,.194e: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. Zte; Eo
cene 23c; Deodorised Stove Gasoline, in bulk.
10c;'ln cases, 22V»c; Benzine, in bulk. 13e; in
cases. lOHc: SS-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 25c:
in cases. 3lc.
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon in cases and
75e In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead.' 7\i©
T^e per lb;, White Lead, 7US7!4e. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — Beet Granulated Is again quoted.
The ' Western . Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 8.25c:
Powdered. 8.10c; Candy Granulated.- 6.10c; Dry.
Granulated, fine,' «c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
HOO-lb bags only), 5.Mc; Confectioners' A 8e;
Magnolia A. S.HOq; Extra C. 5.50c ;; Golden, C.
5.40c; "D.", 5.30c; .: barrels, ,10c. more; half
barrels.- 25c more; boxes, 50c more; SO-lb bags.
General Merchandise.
Cotton futures closed easy. November
10.04c; January, 10.1«c; February 10 °lc'
March. 10.27c; April, 10.3.V: May, 10S5c-^
Sjot closed quiet. 30 pornts advance. Mid
dling Uplands. lO.flOc; Middling Gulf 10.85c
Eales, 1100- bales.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— Cotton futures opened
firm. October, 0.90c; November. 9 96c- K De
cember. K».02c; January, 10.07c; March. 1017c-
May. 10.21c.
AVer/ York Cotton Market.
-n ASHINGTON. Oct. 5.— To-day's statement
of th* treasury shows: Available cash balance
$1£1.3S2.4*5. Gold. $75.757.0.10.
Condition of the Treasury.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40@
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE: — Steers. 7M@74"c: Cows and Heif
ers 64@6Hc; thin Cows. 4@5o per lb.
CALVES — i@44o per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 34©3*ic; Ewes. 3Q3Me
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50#2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140. to 200 lbs, 4He;
200 to 250 lbs. 44c; 130 lbs and under. 44V,
over 250 lbs. 4%cj soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sows 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEFt-6<@7c for Steers and 4g5c per lb
for Caw(.
VEAL— Large, - 84#74c; small, 7gSc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 78?74c; Ewes. 6®7o per
pound.
LAMB— S*?9c per lb. .
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6#35 per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Oct. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts
21.000. including 5000 Westerns. Steady to
weak. Good prime steers. ?5 5Og$6 40; poor to
medium, $3 ,vv<j.<3 25; stockers and feeder"
»2 20<H$4 25; cows, $1 S5*&$4 30; heifers, $2 50
ei 75; canners. $1 50>§2 30; bulls. $2 00«4 25
calves. $3 5C@7 00; Texas fed Metrs.- ?3 50®
5 R0; Western steers, $3 00<fi4 ?0.
HOGS — Receipts. 16.000: to-morrow, 15 000;
5<ai0c higher. Mixed and butchers. $3 9Ti<s»
tt 274", good to choice heavy, $6 05^6 274 •
rough heavy. $5 B5«5 S5; light, $5 75§« *H) :
bulk of sales. $5 f « 'a 'j 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2S.0OO. Slow. Lambs
l«>e lower. Good to choice wethers,$3 5094 ::5
fair to choice mixed. $3 25S3 75; Western
sheep. $3 00-04 10; native lambs, $1 0O?5 90-
Western. lambs, $4 C0©5 35.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Oct. ,5.— CATTLE— Receipts, 71«V
steady to strong native steers, $4 50@6 10;
cows and heifers, $2 4003 60: Western steers
$2 90@4 M: Texas steers. $2 70@3 40: cows
and heifers. $2 25®3 25: canners.^1 50<3>2 10;
stockers and feeders, $2 23©3 75: calves. S3 00
@5 : bulls and stags. *l 50#2 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 7500: 5c higher! Heavy
$5 70S5 SO; mixed. $5 75@5 80; light, $5 SO®
5 00: pigs, $5®5 60; bulk of sales, $5 75#6. !
SHEEP— Receipts, 17,000, Active steady
Western yearlings, $3 tio@3 90; wethers, $3 50
433 75: ewes, $3,'S3 60; common and stockers t
$2 25-93 75; lambs, $4 50@4 90.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 5. — CATTLE— Receipts
14,000. Steady to 10c higher. Choice export and
dressed beef steers, $3 75®6 10; native cows
and heifers, $1 50tr4 50: stockers and feeders
$2 50^4 2."5: bulls. $1 75@3 25; calves, ?2 50©
5 50; Western steers, $3@4 50; Western cows
$1 5<)©3 25. -- ..-,¦¦_
HOGS— Receipts. 0000. 5®10c higher. Bulk
of sales. $5 75<35 95: heavy. $5 85<g6; packers,
$5 v-«i«;: pigs and lights, $5 <JTwfi5 05.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10.000. Steady. UUh
lamh.«. «» pounds, $4 S3: Utah ewes, 107
pounds. $3 25; muttons, $3 23® 3 85: lambs
$4@5 15; range wethers. $3 50@3 85; ewes.
$2 75@3 50. ;.f -- , -
Cor.s mon»y...«S 11-1 6' N Y Central 131 H
Do arrt SSs.'Nor A Western... 744
Anaronda- '4%\ Do pfd 92'
Atchison S3%IOr.t & Western... 3">H
Do nM 102*; > Pennsylvania ««4
Bait & Ohio JMKtRand Mines 10*i
Can raoiflc lrtfiV Reading SXVi
Ches A Ohl« 48»4! Do 1st pfd 4414
Oil Great West.. HVi' Do 2d pfd . 39
Chi. Mil A St P. 171 Vi! So Railway 34 U
D* Beers 1**1 Do p« »7U
Den A Rio O 30 I So Pacific 6*H
Do pfd R4*;iUnlon Pacific 107U
Erie 34 ! Do pfd 9d
Do 1st pM 71«;;U S Steel ion
Do 2<J pfd • Do nfd T:%
Til Central 14*u:Waha*h 2iu
I>ou)«i A N'ash 132V, I Do pfd 4nii
M. K * Texas... 2«V! Spanish 4s R6*i
Bar silver — Quiet. 2S%d per ounces
Money— 1©1U per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 1-1WT24 per cent and for
three months 1 bills 2K<62V; per cent
London Closing Stocks.
CATTLE, SHEEP A.VD HOGS. J
CHICAGO. Oct. 5. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market was steady;
creameries. 14^20c: dairies. 13<?l7c. Esrgs,
steady at mark, cases Included. l4Q17%c;
firsts, 19o: prime firsts, 20c; extras, 22c. Cheese
firm. 10@104c.
HIDE3 AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 491c under quotations. Heavy -salted
SteerB. 104c: medium. »4o; light 9e; Cow
Hides »c for heavy and 0c for light;. Sta«s.
7c; Salted Kip, 10c; Salted Veal, lie: Salted
Calf 114c: dry'Hides, 164«17c; dry Ktp, 13#
14c- dry Calf 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings 25©
tOc each; short Wool. 40eti5o each; medium.
75630c: long Waol. $1*H 50: Horse Hides,
salt, $2 73 for large and $2©2 50 for medium.
$1 25'gl 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, $1©1 25 for»small and 5Oc for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican 25c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c: extra large do,
«1 23; large 50c; medium, 35c; small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4f?4>£o per lb;
No 2, 34c; Grease. 2« / ig3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern 9@llc; Southern. 8#9c; Southern Moun
tain B©lle: Middle Counties, free, 12814c;
do. defective. 10©12c; Northern free. 12814c;
do defective. 10©12c; Humboldt and Mendo
eliio, 14f 15e per lb.
HOPS— -1904 crop. 26<f29c per 1b.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
• CHICAGO. Oct. 5. — Cash quotations were as ;
follows^ . Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 12gl 16: No. 3, $1 10®l 13; No. 2 red,
$1 lOTgSl 12%: corn. 53c; No. 2 yellow. 55Uc;
Xe. 2 oats. 30%c; No. 2 white, 324@33c; No.
3 white, 304632c: No. 2 rye. 764c: good
feeding barley, 37c; fair to choice malting,
40@4Sc; No. l.flaxseed, $1 10; No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 18; mess pork, per barrel. $11 604?
11 70; lard, per J0O pounds,- $7 «OQ7 62ft;
•hort ribs sides (loose), $8@8 25; short clear
sides (boxed). $S 50@8 7_5; whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 264; clover, contract grade,
$12 25. • '
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 38,000 18,700
Wheat, bushels lfiS.ICO 101,500
Com. bushels 236.300 332.000
Oate, bushels 272,600 2^3,500
Rye. bushels 9,000 7,000
Barley, bushels 311,400 37,000
Butter, Cheese ami Eggs.
Money — __ . I u. S SteeL,, ¦. . 18%
Call loans 233 . Do pfd 754
Time loajis 4g5: Westing Common. 82.
Bonds — . . i Mining —
Atchlsqi? 4a...:.. 101%! Adventure 34
Do adj 4s 954'Allouex IS14
Mex Central 4s,, . 65 I Araal Copper eo
Railroads — I Amer 2lnc 1\%
Atchison S34[ Atlantic 13
Do pfd ....'1004'Bingham 28%
Bo6ton A Albany.250 I Calumet * Hecla.'J-i
Boston * Matne.l«5 (Centenntal 27"g
Boston Elev 154 '.Copper Range . . . 5«
Fitchburg pfd 13« (Daly 'West 1J!»4
Mex Central 134! Dom Coal 56
NY. NH AH. .192 'Franklin 8H
Pere Marqu«>tte. . . 74 1 Grancy 34
Union Pacific 103%: isle Royale .^ 20%
Miscellaneous — J Mass Mrnlng 44"
Amer Arge Ch<»m. 16 I Michigan .... 7
Do pfd 77 Mohawk 47*.*
Amer Pneu Tube. 44 1 Mont Coal A Coke 4*.
Amer Sugar 131 4' Old Dominion ... 204
Do pM 133 lOsceola «2
Amer Tel & Tel.l"»T;;.p arro t , 24
Aimf Woolen ... 15 I Qulncy 92
Do pfd «14!Shannon 9
Dom Iron * S... 14 I Tamarack 116
E1 El ert Ilium... 257 4 'Trinity 7H
Gen Electric 172 ItJ S Mining 21 U
Mast Electric 134' f S OH ' 103?
Do pfd 67 !rtah 41
Mass Gas :. 42%!Vlctoria 4
Vnlted Fruit iravi? Winona ««4
Un Shoe Mach... 53 ! Wolverine S3t£
Do pfd 3OS4I
Cash Grain and- Provisions.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel 8Hc- three
half bbls 8S»e; one tierce. 84c; two tierces.
Sc: five tiercet. 7T4e per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Il4c per lb for J
heavy, 114c for light medium. 14c for light.
144o for, extra light and 17c for sugar
«ured:-dry salt Sides, 10%c; Bellies. 12c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. Ho: Cali
fornia Hams, 134o; .Mess Beef. S10@10 50 per
bbl: extra Mess, SUS11 50; Family. $12§12 3O :
prime Mess Pork. $14 50: : extra clear $24;
Mess. $13: Dry Salted Pork. 10*lc: Pig Pork.
$26; Pig*' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 64c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 10c for pure; half-barrels, pure, lO^c;
lo-tb tins. 10%c; 5-lb tins, lOTic; 3-lb tln3.
lie.
There is nothing new _, to. report in . this
market. „.'," ¦ ., • * , -....."-^' .-..,-.,
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty daye... — $4 84,
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8«5y
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 8i|*
New York. Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — M
Mexican Dollars •••• « © **»
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico W?\¥*
Parts on London 2. 15./ "
Berlin on London • • 2u.S«»
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago was l^o lower on the
day. This market was quiet as to the cash
grain while futures followed Chicago down
14C "with considerable activity.
CASH WHEAT. i
California Club. »1 45^1 524; California
White Australian, $1 55®1 62 Vi; Northern
Club SI 45@1 524; Northern Bluestem, «1 60
Cl 624 Per ctl. FUTURE3
Session. 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$152*4 ?1 52^4 $151^ |1 514
May 1 54 1 54 1 524 1 52 ;,
1 2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...*1 51% $151% 11514 $1514
; May ........ 1 53 1 53 163 1 53
BARLEY — Both cash and future prices re- ;
malned about as bofore, with both markets j
i quiet. There is a good deal of damp Barley j
i cow coming in as a result of the recent rains, [
; and what effect It will have on the market :
' remains to be seen. It is selling at about (
si 05®l 10. I
CASH BARLEY. . - }
" Feed,' »1 07401 124; new Brewing and {
Shipping. ?1 15f 1 174; Chevalier, fl IT 49
1 224 per ctl. •
FUTURES.
! Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.,
I Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..*1 12 *1 12 $1 HTs $1 "Ts
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 11*4 bid. $1 12 asked.
OATS — Dealers report the market quiet, well
I supplied and steadily held at previous prices.
I White II 374S1 55: Surprise, $1 KWJ1 60; '
I Red $1* 224@1 424 for feed and $1 40S1 50 :
j for eeed: Black. $1 3Q©1 35 for feed and $1 50 j
@1 70 for seed. |
I CORN* — Owing to the recent rains State |
Corn ia too damp for shelling, hence there is i
very little coming In and the market has to
depend on receipts from the West. Eighteen I
hundred centals came In from that quarter ;
! yesterday, as will be seen. Prices remain un- i
i changed and the market Is still quiet. i
' Western sacked. $1 40S1 45 for Yellow. $1 45 ,
for White and »t i»#l 424 for Mixed; Call- •
fornla large Yellow. $1 40<gl 45; small round .
do. $1 5&gl 62H: White, nominal; Egyptian.
SI 3.V»1 45 for White ; and $1 253-1 SO for !
Brown. j
RYE— $1 35^1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl. |
! Flour and Millstuffs. j
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 99®
K H>, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7093;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4tH SO '
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $.1 25 per 100 lbs; j
Rye Flour. *3; Rye Meal. ?2 75; Rice Flour, j
$7; Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60; 1
Oat Meal. $-1 75; Oat .Groats. $1; Hominy. '
' $3 6OS3 S5; Buckwheat Flour, ?t; Cracked
I Wheat. $3 50: Farina, $3 75: Whole Wheat
I Flour, $3 50: Rolled Oats. bMs 86 3Q©7 50: In
| sacks $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Gr«en Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstufis.
I Bran is very firm and the millers are con
i slderlng an advance.
1 Hay remains exactly a? before. The circular
f of £<5n«?r» & Co. saysv
!¦ ¦ ''Total arrival* H H*y for the week show ,
i but 3100 tons, a decrease of 7<Xt tons from
I the weeU yT<c««l;ng. The railroad ¦ company '
has been bc1:yi:ij? cars to most • intending ship- .
pers in order that they "mffcht market the large ",
-cvmber of- cars ihlch have been Sidetracked
throughout the conqtry for several weeks past.
This has now practically been accomplished
• and it !» expected from this time on shipments
I may be resumed in the regular manner. There
¦ are still a number of old cars out. but track
1 room will be given these very shortly.
. "In spite of the fact that a large amount
! of Hay was daihaged by the recent rains, yet
¦ quite a portion of this will find Its way
i to market; for the succeeding pleasant weather
i has enabled the- farmers to sort over their
: stacks, both baled and unbaled. and by dls
1 posing of the worst of it at home they will
- not suffer so great a loss as waa originally ex-
J pectrd.- Considerable spotted Hay is now be
i ing shipped and more will follow later. This
I will result in off grade goods going at low
I prices, with an advance on sound lots which
1 were housed before the rain."
; BRAN— 120e21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24623 per ton.
( SHORTS — *20<St21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50®34 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50332 50;
Jobbing *.«; Cocoanut Cake. 122^23: Corn
Meal ?30 50@.11 30; Cracked Corn, $31f?.12:
Mixed Feed. $22®22 50: Horse Beans. $30@40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctL
HAY— Wheat. $»®13 6rt. with $14814 60 fat
extra fine; Wheat and Oat, $8813; Oat $S9
12 50: Barley and Oat. jsetl; Volunteer' Wild
Oat $6 50©9: stable, $7^8 50; stock, S5 5O@7;
Clover *«©10: Alfalfa. $9#12 per ton.
STRAW — 3Og50c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There was a sale of large White Beans at
$2 25 yesterday and sales are reported on the
river bank at $2#2 10. A good many wet
i Beans are now coming In. Damp Pinks void
'•at $2 40— dry lots bring as high aa $3. Other
wise there is nothing new to report.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 1502 50: Pea. $2 Oftga jo;
Butters. $2 75i&.t: smell White. $2 0O@3 15;
larga White. $2 20«2 JW: Pink. $2 75^.1;
Bed . |3 7.V34: Lima $3 90® 4: Red Kidneys,
• *4'S4 25: Blackeyes. $2 3£#2 55 per etl; Herse
Beans. $1 «5©2 4a
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, rjominal; Yellow
Mustard. W 25; Flax $1 90^2 25 : Canary. 6%
e 7e: Alfalfl ¦ 1 ,^: RaP«. m®2Vic:
Timothy. 5%<5; Hemp, 34@3»ic per lb; Millet,
2^-ft34c: Broom Corn Seed $20<§21 per ton.
1 DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2®2 25; new Green
Peas. $2JJ2 25 per ctl. -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes ruled weak under continued heavy
receipts and stocks were steadily accumulating.
1 There was some inquiry for Salinas Burbanks
! for shipment to Honolulu, but supplies were
i will uj> ti"> requirements and prices showed no
improvement- Fresh lots of Sweets brought
a slight advance. Two carloads were mar
keted.. Onlens were plentiful and dull at,un
changed rates.
I Nearly all kinds of miscellaneous vegetables
' were In free supply and weak at the old
r;uotatl(us. String and Wax Beans were ex
ceptions, belnic in limited supply and firmer.
Poor and eld lets of Toroatoea -were hard
to dispose of at any price.
1 POTATOES— Burhanks- fraro the river. 601)
75c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $16130 per
ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $1©1 20 per ctl.
. ONION?— $1(51 15 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Com. 75c$$l 25 per
sack or crate; String Beans, 34ig3c per
lb; Wax Beans. 4g44c per Ih; . Lima
Beans . 3464c per lb; Tomatoes. 15©
40c per box; Summer Squash. 3C©60e per
box; Cabbage. 75c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack;
encumbers. 35@50c per box; Pickle Cucum
, bers, 50c©$l 25 per box; Garlic. 4»;iS44c per lb:
Egg Plant. 35£50c'per box; Dried Peppers,
nominal; Green Okra. 35©50c per box; Green
Peppers, 35650c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$15 per ton.
Poultry and Game.,
Receipts of domestic Poultry were liberal,
but trade was more active than • previously
and the market cleaned up well. A better
demand was noted for small chickens, such as
Fryer, and Broilers, but prices showed no im«
provement. No Western stock came in, but
a car was hourly expected. -Sound Game met
with -prompt sale at good prices.
; POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old, 14915c per
lb for Gobblers and 15©l«Jc for Hens; "young
Turkeys, 20®22c per lb; Geeee. per pair. 11 50
©I 75; Goslings. $1 75«2; Ducks. $4 5O«5 per
doien for old and $4 50Cre for young: Hens.
$4 50<35 for small and $5 S0@8 for large; young
Roosters. $4 5065: old Roosters. $4 3O@3; Fry
ers, $3 5064; Broilers, $2 50»3; Pigeons,
f 1 25 per dozen for old and $1 5082 for Squabs
GAME— Wild Doves. 75cff$l per dosen: Gray
Geese, $4 50 per do*en; Hare. SI ©1 SO per
dozen: Rabbits. $1 75«2 per dosen for Cotton
tails and $1 60 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
¦ While there waa no pronounced change in
quotations . for anything yesterday, the . mar.
Vets showed some change > in conditions. In
dications of rain gave the Butter ¦ market : an
easier tone, as another rain now. would mean.
as one dealer expressed It: "More grass, and
more grass means mere " Butter." The . rae. ¦
dium grade. creameries were easy ".with sell.'
•rs • obliged to shade quotations in ' some in -
Provisions.
• ontest and were supposed to account for the
n»e in the Erie*. The regular dividend decla
ration on Atchisoa was followed by an advance
in that stock. The unprecedented export of
eepper has been remarked for many weeks, but
It was Qw assigned cause for the strength of
.--•-¦¦ f- :.o •¦ i stocks • •••'. = >¦. The day's routine
mwi Beemed to b« little considered. Atten
tion wu siven to reports of a large amount
of Australian geld to be deposited in San Fran
cisco en atonday for telegraphic transfer to
New York. Estimates as to the amount ran
as high a« $7,000,000. But the movement is
believed to be in transit to London and £ue to
the advantage cf the free transfer acres* the
eoottMBt allowed by our Treasury Department.
Et, Paul's final pri'.e for the day was 11 U
hijriier than latt night, and only a remnant of
the day'f importint ga.'.rit stiewed at the clos
ing, which was Irregular. Many prominent
active stocks ended the day lower than last
r.ijrht.
Ik-intfe »-ere irregular. Total sales, par
vaiue. $4.7t>u.uOO.
United States 3s declined \» per cent on call.
NEW VOUK 6TOCK LIST.
t-tocks — Sale*. High- Law. Close.
Atchison 4K.4UU 64 tCT« >o>^
Atchison pfd '•-•»¦ liw T » 10u4 1u>j4
lia.lt «c Ohio b,t*JO 91U 9->\ Wife,
Bull A- Ohio pfd... lw 'J* 94 'J3
Canadian Pacific .. 3.»*> 133 132 1324
Central ol N J «*» 1U 18O4 lbi>4
Cfaea & ObJo <.&u0 45 444 **%
Otic 4c Alton 31*4
Chic A. Alton pfd.. UK) 80 feO 78
Chic & G West l.!*JO 10', 1«»4 lfi^
CfclC & Northweet. «.1ik> liMi\ li!) : -, 195^
Chic Mil & St P...154.9uu l«a»»» 1C&H 1«74
Chic M & »t P pfd 1*24
Cfcic Ter * Trans.. lw «4 «4 6k
Chic T & T pfd 2ui> 144 144 14
C C C & s=t L 6.UU0 82S fc24 tSi
Colo Southern ««.V l»*t lfe% lSVi
Colo 6outh 1st pfd. »JO 81 5u^» 50'
Coio South 2d pld 254
D*>1 & Hudson <S.3uO 17<>H 170 1704
I>«1 Lark A Wear Zjo
U»nv^r & R G lw 23 2» 2SVi
Ix-wr &KG pfd. 5<j<» K! M4 M* 4
Krie 77.3O* «»» 32\ :«S
lirl« 1st pfd S,5W *£*% «b% «3»,
EH* Sd pfd e.4w 47% 46*, *7%
Jiocking Valley . tl
liozk Valley pfd... 1,600 &»4 »s>v W|£
i:i Central ll,2uo 1434 K-W l*-l
Iawa Central 2,100 2*>i* 25 23
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 46% 40% 45
Kan City Southern. 100 24 4 244 24 4
K City South pfd 46U
Loulsv A Naahv... 6,400 12»4 127 H 1^7 H
Manhattan L 1.4<X> 1544 1&.14 l.V.i--
Met eecuritlee 12.S'J0 (j4^ H2\ h2>4
Met Street Ry S.fiOO 121«4 12O^ l».>4
Minn A St Lout* 56
M Si P&6aut St M «00 774 77 77
M£tP*SJt etM pfd. ISO
Mo Pacific 2S.600 1CK>H 9»«i 90s;
Mo Kan & Tex 1,600 25', 25^, 254
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 5,100 51*4 &04 r.<iu
.".'*•; I; it of M pfd. 500 4OS 40 39
X Y Cettral..^... 2n.l--> 130% 126% W%
Ncrfolk A West... 8,500 VZ% 714 71»4
No<olk & W pfd.. 100 92 02 . 904
Ontario & West... 5.40O 344 34 344
Pennsylvania lft«,4£0 1344 133 133«»
Pitts C C & St I*. . *uo 71 >, 714 71 Vi
P.eaJling 90,a<o 704 '6SV» <O«A
Keading Tst pfd... ¦ Jr»o SC»*' 8«4 M .
Keadlr.g 2d pfd 77
Rock Island Co 23,000 23»i iS\ r»
Ilock Island. Co rfd 2,000- 73' 71»; ti
Ft L & S F 2d pfd. 400 5S«i iftij aJ«i
St L Southwest... 1.900 22% 214
ft L gouthveet pid I&.7OO 4314 47 xt. 4gii
Southern Pacific... 65,700 rj>\ 581, 5S»j
Soutiw-m liaiiway.. 10,200 ZZ\ Slii, 32-'»
Southern Ry pfd... fcrtO M«4 944 S4>-i
Texas & PacfSc... 3/.»0O 334 32H 30^i
To: fit L & West ;. .. »>£
Tol Pt L & W pfd. 31 0 0H 4 sos; 504
T'nion Taelflc SS.O'jO 104»i J03U 108%
Tnion Pacific pfd .' . 93^
Wabarh S.2«V» 2f>% 2ft "rtri
Vabayfc pfd 2,«««> 42S 41Ti 42
Wbeelinr &¦ L E.. C*» 17S 174 174
Wls OiKra.1 7m> 2OV4 20 19V
¦Wts C«t pfd «*> 45 444 44
Mexican Centra!.... 1.2U0 14> 14 14U
Express Conspanle* —
Adams .... 1; 230
American 210 .
T.nrted States .... US
We Tls- Fargo ...". i .... .... 235
Miscellaneous—
/»al Copper ..... M.500 C14 £»«. «r>a.
Amtr Car A- r ... 700 2.1 22% 23\!
Am Car & F pM.. «J«0 Sl% Si ml
.•.r«r 'Vf" **".•. 1.100 29Xi 2D ~" ?
Amer Cot OM pfd- .... .... .... 8S4
.\n7rrican icv l.r««i 7* 7V .,
American loe pM_ 3.»j0 32 U ZS% .tf'i
Awr Lin Oil 12'
Araer L!r. Oil rfi. SO
A=3«r Locomot.K-e.. 2.RO0 26% 2S«4 2T»*;
Arner Loco pM .... 5V> ' »C 95« »5?
Amer Emclt & Ref. 3.700 «7«» ' 66% 66U
Air-er C & Ref pfd.. 700 log 1M>4 1W,\
Aa-.er 6ugar Ref. . 1,000 13214 I3iij 131*4
Anaoonda Mill Co.. 1.7OO 97 90 9*
Brooklyn Rap T.... 12,500 5514 £74 57«»
Colo Fuel A. Iron... CfK> 384^ 354 -154
CBr.«©l Mated Ga« .. W*> 2154 212 212
Com Products 1.000 15»» 15<4 l.V%
Corn Product* pfd. 2«i» 71 71 7O»5
DlstJHer.' Secar ... 309 2S?, 2?«i 28
NETV TOSK. Oct. 8.— Ther» wej an excited
and feverish market for securities ail day to
day and the volume of busiceea somewhat ex
ceeded yesterday's large total, in spite of tn
twals of decided £u!!nees in the trading.
The movement of prices was so wide and the
Cuctuatiocs so constant and conflicting as to
keep speculative sentiment unsettled and to
puirle the traders wto sought to follow the
market. The so-called roora tradicg. howerer,
was on an enormous scale, and operations of
this charsxrer fharged cftea ficris*- the day
ban the long to the short side. Such news
as — -r .^ to explain the movement cf prices
f^nied Quite inadequate to acoouct for the
vioience- cf ductuatiotus. The widest movements
»'tre without any news to account for them.
St. Paul opened cue point higher, relapsed to a
fraction unJer last night, shot up. to 1«S>»» and
Suctuated constantly between ttie extremes,
with tr.ore cr les« e>iap«.thetJc effect on the
whole list. Tfce stock was affected solely by ru
mors with no decaile cannrmaUons. or, more
troperiy, the eaormous and mysterious volume
cf the dealings- and the erratic fluctuations
kept up the Sow of runora, which rejires*nted
; --; ¦ : conjectures as much as acy Informed
reports. United Stalt* Steel waa aubjected to
further heavy eellicg. but showed evidence of
support *nd recovered visorousdy In. the late
market, bat net before a number of Independ
ent steel stocks had weakened In fyiapathy.
Trade cens to account far the movement was
ts much lacking aa on the advance In the
prcup. Tile trunk lines were heavy at first,
but moved briskly upward later under the lead
ership of Pens«ylv«r;a. Its subsidiary slocks.
including ifce flifferentlal Ucea, lagged in the
tr.ovener.t, ; aithough a rumor was circulated of
a corcicg increase ta. the B&ltimore and Ohio
tftvMaad rate. This was the only apparent
ground fcr tie movement In this group. 7Tje
a.-aerted abandecment cf the lead merger plan
helped to deprere the lead and «metter stocks.
Scm>* d the &s.y'e rumors associated Erie
St. Paul and .Vorthtra Paclflc In the ruppoeed
flan of nettlenieiii cf the Northern Securities
FRUITS — New crop^ — Apricots 7»;®9«4c for
Royals and 9-gl2o far Moorpark*; Nectarines,
54i?7c for White and BH&H&C for Red;
Peaches, 64£94c per lb; Pears. 7@12c;
Plums, pitted «<S64c for black, 8^8 4c
for red and 7©S4c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks. 50c; 3-crown. 55c: 4-crown. 60c; 6
crown. 6fic; bulk white. 2*i"63c: black, 3Ue.
Evaporated' Apples. 54®7o per lb.
PRUNES — lHe^c P*r »t> for the four slxea
and 2V4c basis for the large sizes.
P.AISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno — Im
perial clusters. $2 25«2 50; Dehesa. |1 35<?2:
London Layers. 8<Vu51: Loose Muscatels. 4
crown. 34@4c; 3-crown, 3®3*sc; 2-crown,
2462HC; Seedless. 2Vi€2Uc; Floated. 24c;
Seeded. 3!s@54c; Thompson's Seedless 4Vic:
Seedless Sultanas. Sff3Uc;. 1903 crop — Loose
Muscatels. 2@24c; Seedless. l»ic: Floated. 2«;
Pacific. l%#2}ic; Seeded. 3^tM%c; Malagas,
l?4e2Uc per lb: Seedless Sultanas. 2e.
NIT8- New Walnuts. No. 1 softshell lie;
No. 2 9c; No. 1 hardshell, 104c; No. 2.' 84c;
Almonds 16^17o for Nonpareils, 14§144c for
I X L. 13®14c for Ne Plus Ultra and lie for
Laxiguedoc; Peanuts, 697c for Eastern; Pe
eans. ll@13c: Cocoanut*. |4 5O83; Chestnuts,
10©15c per lh.
HO.VET- Comb. 11 4©13e for white and 10@
lie for amber; water white extracted. W&
6c; light amber extracted. 5<654<-\ dark. 3'ff
44c
BEESWAX— 27S29C per lb.
Nezv York Stock Market.
Dried Fru its,Ntt ts, Ra isins,Honey.
General Elec 2.000 174^4 172*4 171H
International Paper .... lflVj
Inter Paper pfd... 200 76 76 75>^
Inter Purap UK) 34 34 33^
Inter Pump pfd.... 300 79 1; 79 754
National Lead ... 3,900 25*4 25!, 24^
North American . 100 95 95 94
FactSc Mail 1.300 34\ 34 34
Peoples Gas 1,000 103** 103 1031,
Pressed Steel Car. 1,400 344 34 34
Pressed S C pfd... 20O 7» 78*4 7S54 ¦
"Pullman Pal Car. '.. ...... 22O
Republic Steel . . . 2.300 10*i 104 104
Republic Steel pfd. 2,500 624 314 "51%
Rubber Goods 600 21 20 20*«
Rubber Goods pfd 834
Tenn Coal Iron. 6,600 4»4 48 49
r S Leather 500 8% 9»4 9%
;• S Leather pfd. 600 87* 874 . $7S
C S Realty 700 62 62 61 fc
D S Rubber , . 70O 23*i 23 23 '.
D S Rubber pfd.... 400 T»% 79 7»
0 S Steel 45,200,18^ 1S4 15%
U S Steel pfd 176.COO 75' s 74 754
Westlnghou** Elec. 2.000 1^4 163 163
Weetern Union ... 50O 92 »1\ 91%
Total eales. ! 1,354,300 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
C S ref 2s reg-.104VL & N unified 4s.l01>«
Do coupon 104%lMan con gold 43.1«»»i
Do 3s reg 1044! Mex Central 4s... 6*4
Do coupon 1C5 1 *! Do lat inc 1T»
Do new 4s reg.131%^ Minn & 6t L 4s.. 94' 4
Do coupon 131%; M. K & Texas 4S.1014
Do eld 4a reg.1064! Do 2ds 814
Do eoupon 1064 ! NR of Mex con 4s 77 T «
Atch gen 4s 102 IN T C gen :^b..10O
Do adj 4s 96 N J C gen 5s 134V*
Atlantic C L 4s. J>S%'No r Paeiflc 4s 1044
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 102 Do 3s 74«*
Po 3»-e »5 f Nor* & AV con 4«.10O4
Central "of Ga 65.112%; OSL 4s * partlc. 4K1%
D« 1st Ine S3 \ Pa conv 34s lfiOH
Ches & Ohio 4Us.H'5Vi I Reading gen 4s...lOQ*&
Chi & Alton 34«. )>1 Isl&I Mcon"5s.l33
C. B & Q new 4s. »7*il s L * S F fg 4s. Rfl%
CM & SP gn 4s.K'9V<:Et Louis SW lsts. »S*»
C A XV con 7s. 12S T 4 seaboard A L 4s. SI
C. R I A Pac 4s. 76 T »!Bo Pacific '4e 9:i\
Do col S7V4 1 So Railway 6».:..1174
C.C.C & BLgs 4s.lC2^ 4 !Tex A Pac lsts-.12O
Chi Term 4s...:: 774! Tol, St L 4 ff 4s. 79
Cor.s Tobacco 4s. 72\! Union Pacific 4S.1O5 1 *
Colo & So 4s S6 ! Do conv 4s 101
C F & I con 5s. 75 I U 8 Steel 2d 5s.. 84
Den A Rio G 4s.l004!^Vabash lsts HSU
Erie prior lien 4s. 99S^ Do deb B 65
Do gen 4s $74'^' & L Erie 4s... SK>4
F W & D C lets. HOU'Wls Central 4s... 9»
Hock Val 4H»... 10811!
NEW TORK MIXING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20' Little Chief 06
Alice 35! Ontario 3 50
Breece IS'Ophlr :..;.. 2 55
Brans Con 06fPhoenix 14
Cora Tunnel 10. Potesi 15
Con Cal A Va... 2 OiV Savage S3
Horn Silver 1 5O| Sierra Nevada ¦ 45
Iron Silver 1 75 Small Hopes 2S
Le&dville Con 02lStandard 1 90
NEW TORK. Oct. 5.— Money on call, ate&dy,
I%»g2 s>er oent; ruling rate, last loan, closing
bid aad offered. 2. Time loans, steady, 3i«:
zisety days, SV,; aix mcxiths. i^S4 per ceat
Prune mercantile pa{>er. ¦i : 3 'w.'> x>er cent. Ster
'¦¦'S «ch«rg«, -^--«jt. »-»ih actual business in
bejiken' bUis at S4.853u@4.8535 for demand
«.--- iX 1 4 *:..y«i i «i3.-.:. for sixty day hlUs.
i f.ri ratea. $4 &44 and 94 vi^iV* W.
OxT.mercUJ bills, H v, Bar silver, 57 V-.
Mexican doilars, 4Sc, Gcvenune&t b->nd5, easy;
railrcad becis, irrecalar.
New York Money Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 5. — Continuance of a liberal
movement in the Northwest and lower prices
in foreign grain markets gave wheat an easier
tone at the start. December was unchanged
to He lower at |1 12^61 I2>4. while May was
unchanged to U'i' t c lower at 91 12?»@1 12%.
A prominent commission house was a heavy
seller of the December option and started act
ive selling by the pit crowd. A lot of Decem
ber and alay wheat was offered for sale by
small holders. The demand not being sufficient
to absorb offerings, prices declined uninter
ruptedly. Numerous etop-loss orders came out,
adding to the weakness. Announcement of a
big increase In primary receipts was an Influ
ential bear factor late in the day. The low
point on December for the session was reached
at $1 10%. May in the meantime sold off to
fl 1OT*. Duringr the last ffw.minutM of trad-
Ing some recovery was made on buying by
shorts, but the market closed weak, with De
cember lHc decline at ?l 11%. May closed at
|111%9111H.
Small receipts at? i an official forecast of a
cold wave to-night held corn prices firm early
In the day. Later in the session sentiment
became* somewhat easier. December closed a
shade lower at r.iQ-51 i«,c.
Oats were steady, but trading was extremely
light. December closed a shade under yester
day at M\iC.
Provisions were weak as a result of the sell-
Ing out of a large lot of January lard by a lo
cal trader. At the close January pork was
down 12Vs@15c. lard waa off 2V4c and ribs
were 7 l jc lower. s ,
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Op«n. High. Low. Cloee.
"Wheat No. 2—
October \ V* . 1 10\i 1 09>* 1 OOTg
December ... I 12^ 1124 110% 111*8
May 1 12S 1 12*» 110% 1"U%
Corn No. 2—
October 52 52 52 52
December ... M*, 51 H ' 507^ SUi,
May 49--» 4DH 48% 4ST S
Oats No. 2 —
October S0% 31 SOV 3O»i
Dtcember ... 31% 31H Sl'l 31 U
May 3.5% 33% 33% 33%
Mess Pork, rer barrel —
October 11 70 11 70 11 50 11 52H
December ...11 S3 11 53 11 65 11 65
January ....13 47^ 13 50 13 27% 1527*4
Lard, per 10O pounds^ —
October 7 62H 7 «2S 7 61^, 7 60
December . . . 7 JW> 7 6ft 7 45 7 45
January 7*2% 7 62?4 7. 50 . 7 52^
May 7 B5 .7 65 7. 57H 7 57b
Short Ribs, Der 100 pounds-
October K 07H S 07\i 7 90 7 92H
January -••• 7 02*, 7 02ft 6 00 6 00
May 7 05. .7 05 j 0 93. 6 97H
Future Grain and Provisions.
| EASTERN MARKETS, j
The Cnic&go, St. Louis and TCtntta* City
beards of trade will cios* Saturday, Ct'.ca*r>
r<8.y. at the Fair.
A Satttrday Closing.
. Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANOH.
Following- war* the sales on the San Fran-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Moroinff Session.
100 Alpha 211 IOC Exchequer ... <H
400 Alta lOJ £00 Exchequer ... 63
300 Andes 34. COO Gould *. Cu». 37
COO Best A Belch. 1 45 .'.(>» Hai« A Norc 68
ICO Bullion 331 *UO Jull* '10
4CO Bullion 33f TtC Ophlr ..2 *©¦
lJw Bullion 34 10O Overman 2%
SO Caledonia «M 80O Potosi .... 21
1U> Challenge, ... 29t 1>« Savage ....... 39
100 Chollar SCO Seg Belcher... 14
WM) Con Cal A V.2 3i\ 10f» Sierra Ne* 32
14CO Con Cal A V.2 40».1'jO Sierra. Ne*.:.. 91
MpO Con N "\T 07! 7tX> Union Con.'..: , «1
10O Crown Point.. * If: 9M UtaJt .... •.'13
iw Exchequer . . . 631 140O Tellow Jacket. - 27
. " Aftarnooo Session,
200 Alta..... 12! 30O Mexican ..1.40
100 Andes 32! 209 Opblr 2*5
3C0 Belcher SSI 100 Ophlr ...... ..2 »•>
3CO Belcher 39" 100 Overman ..... 22
• »> Caledonia 63- 200 Potost «• >2O
200 Caledonia .... fU 300 Savage 35)
ICt) Chal!eng« ... 2«: 100 Sierra Ner.... 4.4
10O ChoUar 22! 9OO Sierra N> v. ... 47
140O Con Cal £ V.2 40! 20b Sierra Nn.,,, 4S
2<X> Con Cal A V.2 35! 80O Oliver Hill..— 54
100 Con Imperial. -«2I 36O Union Con..., 57
9i« Crown Point., i 18 20O Union Co*.... -5S
1C0 Exchequer ... 82i 8<X) Utah ., U
50O Gould A Cur. 27; TOO Tellow Jacket. 28
100 Gould * Cur. 2SI p
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANOX.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Toaopah. Mining Exchange, yesterday:
Moraln« Seaaioa. .
200 Diamoodfield 43' 200 Ton Gold Mt. 13
100 Goldfleld Mln 70! 100 Ton Midway. . 3»
100 Jumbo 72!l70OTon MMway.. 41
2000 MacNamara ¦. 361 300 Ton Midway.. 40
3500 MacNamara . 251 23 Ton of Nev.4 37J-,
10<X> MacNamara » XJ[ IIOO Ton N 8ta#. . IS
100 Ton Belmont. 611
Afternoon Session.
l.W» Adaxna - 101 S«O MtcNanan .. 39
10«¥> Adams 12 90O Ton Belmont. . 63
100 Goldfleld M!n 7O| 1500 T»m Midway.. 42
1500 Jumbo 72; 2fr«V Ton Midway. . 43
300 MaeNamara . 34' 100 Ton of Nrr..7 7.1
40CO MacNamara . 3,V2i«"OTon N Star.. 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAT. Oct. i— i p. m.
Bid.Ask.l BltLAsSt.
Alpha 19 2O»j U !i a m 11
Alta. 11 13'Juatle* 10 12
Andes. 3O 31. Kentuck 05 06
Belcher 37 3d Lady Wuh . . ©2 O«
Best** Belch.l 4O 1 50j Mexican 1 M 1 4O
Bullion 2S 3Oi Occidental 78 SO
Caledonia «3 «4' Ophlr tTJSSO
Challenge ... 25 27! Overman 22 23
Chollar 22 23 Pntr»t J« ir>
Confidence 1 Wl 1 lSfSorplon <H» 1«^
Con Cal fit V.2 33 2 40" Savage 36 . .37
Con Imperial. 02 i«' Seg Belcher... 12 14
Con N T <*? OS Sferra Nev: . . . 43 4«
Crown Point.. 17 IS! Silver Hill M 55
E. Sierra Nev 03 «W St. Louis .... n* —
Eureka Con.. — 801 Syndicate 03 ftS
Exchequer ... 61 *4' Union Con 5.1 JWJ
Gould * Cur. 2a 21; Utah It 1.1
Hal» it Norc. 67 701 Tellow Jacket. 25 27
• • TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Aak.1 Bid". Ask.
Adams 0ft 101 MacNamara .. .T5 3«
Black Ants.. 1«> lliMixpah* Exten 07 —
Blu« Bull .. 24 — iMont Ton ...1 Ml «
Columbia 23 2tS! N T To.n ... — 1)5
Dlamondfield 43 — I Paymaster ... fa Oi
Eaperanza ... 01 02' Pine Grove . . 10 *—
Eula Con . . <H — • Rsry ¦ Exten .-. — OS
Gold Anchor. 15 —Bay* O'Brien f«» —
Goldneld BM. 00 — • Rajr Ton -10. —
GoMfleld BAB lH —! Red Top 16 IT
GoldfIeH T Mln* 69 701 Resrna lft. 12
GoMfleld- Mhlc — 17' Sandstorm ... V* —
Goldfleld • BPfc — b'Tnn tlrtmwt.. CO «1
Goldfleld Ton. 11 — Toa A Cal ... — 20
Gold Mt Con. — 021 Ton Exten . .1 «B —
Han M MAS — It Ton Gohf Mt. 14 15
Han Mut Co 10' — r Ton Midway.. 45 43
Hasel Kirk .. — 12! Ton of Nev...S fti S r.
Jim Butler : . — 60'Ten N Star . . 14 1«
Jumbo 71 — !ftopla 10 _
Little Ton .. 23 — rWest End ... 19 17
FLOW OF RTVERS.
The following table aivea a como»ra:iv»
statement for two yean of toe estimated £qw
of certain California Ttvers in cubic f*et ?er
second, or second feet. The figures for th*
last year may be revised by later measure*
mentsL The. figures are by W_ B. Clapp.
hydrographer^ United States Geological Survey:
TUOICMXE Bl"vJCR~AT LA ORANGE!.
Second Feet.
DATE. — —
1908. 1904.
September 25 47 €M..
September 26 37 «a
September 27 31 723
September 2» t 31 703
September 29 31 «7»
September 30 1 29 104»
October 1 ....: ! 41 1100
•This report includes water taken out ef the
Tuolumne River In canal of the Turioek aad
Modesto irrigation district.
SACRAMENTO RIVER~ AT RED BLUFF*
j Second Feet.
DATE. 1 ; —
j 1903. | 190*.
September 23 ,. *7S« M30
September 2« 4780
September XI 47SO T37»
Septtmber 2S ..! 478ft 7C«>
September 29 30<¥> «7M»
September 3O ....: 500O ' 6330
October 1 8320 OS*
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second F««t.
1903 . ' 19OI .*
September 23 ISO I lie*
September 2« 16» 3120
September 27 ISO • 213ft
September 28 ISO 1M0
September » V*. 1*0 "»•
September 30 HO 1K»
October 1 • 21» W>
TULE RIVER AT PORTERVILLE.
DATH. i , — ¦¦¦-—¦ I I. ¦ .I. - ¦¦¦
¦ ~ 1903. 1904.
September 25 14 WO
September 26 ...» 14 83
; September 27 15 «4. »
September 28 15 4*,.
September 29 1« 39
September 30* •,••..-. 18 34
October 1 - 17 » -,
! Ex -dividend yesterday: Pacific Lighting
! Company, regular monthly. 35c per share*
amount inr to {14,000.
Onomea. Pugar Company, regular monthly.
20c per share, amounting to S10.00O; Chute*
Company. 5c
The Alaska Packers^ Association will pay »
rezular monthly dividend of f 1 per share. Oc
{ tcber 12.
Th« California-street Cable Railroad Com
¦Jrany will pay a regular monthly dividend of
j 75c per share on October 12.
• The South Eureka Mining Company of Call-
I fornla assessment of 2<; per share, amounting
I to J600U. levied September 21. becomes delln
j quent on the San Francisco and Tonopah Mln
; ing Exchange October 21.
The Imperial Oil Company will pay a divi
dend of 20c and the Thirty-Three Oil Com
pany one of 10c to-day.
! The First Xational Bank of Monrovia, paid
a semi-annual dividend of 93 and carried 115,
000 to the surplus on October 1.
The Central Eureka Mining Company will
pay a regular monthly dividend of 10c per
share on October 8.
Local securities continued dull, with no par
ticular changes, though somewhat firmer Quo
tations for Alaska Packers and Hawaiian Com
mercial were noted. The oil and Tonopah
mining stocks were quiet. The Comstock min
ing shares were the active stocks of the day.
and there was heavy buying of the. northend
stocks on news of improved conditions on the
220Olevel of the Consolidated California, and
Virginia mine. That stock sold up to 93 SO at
noon, but closed lower at 92 35; Opblr cold np
to 93 20. but closed at 92 T3; Mexican sola up
to 91 60, but closed at 91 35. The other Com
stocks were active, and excited In sympathy
with the leaders. '
The Union Consolidated Mining Company has
lex led an assessment of 10c.
The Comstock Slurres Advance
Again, but Close Lower.
Chicago Board of Trade, j
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 6. — The London tin mar
ket was higher with spot quoted at £129, 5s
and futures at £129. Locally the advancing
tendency of the market appears to b* attract
ing a little better demand and the tone is
firm, with ssot quoted atj'.s 2.Vg"S 50.
Copper closed at £58 10s. 6d for spot and
£5S. 10s for futures, but showed no material
change in the local market, where Lake is
quoted at 912 87}j@13; Electrolytic at 912 75
612 S5'i and casting at 912 62H&13 75.
Lean was unchanged - in both markets, clos
ing at 94 20®4 30 In New York and at £11,
10c, 04 in the London market.
Spelter advanced to £22, 15s in London.- but
was unchanged in the local market at *5 10@
5 20.
Iron ekxied at SO*. 6d in Glasgow and at
43s in Middles hero. Locally iron . was steady
but without notable change. No. 1 foundry
Northern is held at 913 75@14 25; No. S foun
dry Northern at 913 25@13 5O: No. 1 foundry
Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern soft at
913 E0®13 75.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. 6Cc<g$l per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 40@75c per box; Watermelons,
|1Q3 per dozen.
GRAPES— Seedless from cold storage. 85c®
II per box; Isabella. 5C@75c per crate; other
varieties, 25#6Oe per small t>ox or crate
and 60c<@$l for open boxes; Wine Grapes, 9129
IS per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS— Orange*. $2 5O63 5O per
box for Valenclas; Lemons. $2 5O@3 for
fancy, fl 75®2 25 for choice and $1 25<pi 50
for Standard; Grape Fruit.' $2 50©3; Mexican
Limes, $4 50@3 per case; Bananas, |1 50@2 50
per bunch for Central American and 75c#
fl 23 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, nominal.
QUINCES — 25®50c per box.
FIGS — 5Gc€$l per box.
PEARS— Bartletts. $1 25^1 60 per box. . in
cluding cold storage; Winter Nellis, $19125;
other winter varieties. 35®60c «
PEACHES— 35@65c per box. "
PLUMS— eOc^ll per box.
PERSIMMONS— 73c@$l per box.
POMEGRANATES — I0@50c for small and
$1 2561 CO for Urge boxes.
Tke threatening weather restricted trade in
fresh fruits and the marKst - was decidedly
weak in tone, as buyers were taking no m«r«
than necessary for Immediate wants. Supplies
of all descriptions were ample and changes
in prices were slight. Th* boat with freah
supplies of table Grapes from Stockton and
vicinity bad not arrived up to a late hour,
but there was no scarcity, as receipts from
other sections were liberal and there was an
abundance of carried-over stock on hand. All
of the offerings were more or less damaged by
rain and it was difficult to obtain over 50c
per crate for anything. Attractive lota of
Strawberries and Raspberries sold oft well
enough, while trashy offerings of the Mallnda.
variety of Strawberries were cleaned up .to
peddlers at the inside quotation. ¦
STRAWBERRIES— $1@3 per chest for the
large varieties and H'tiO for Cheney Berries.
RASPBERRIES— 11@6 per ehest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 9©10c pe r lb.
CRANBERRIES— $2 6<t^2 75 per box for
Coos Bay and $-888 25 for Cape Cod.
APPLES— $1 3561 50 for extra fancy. $1©
1 25 for ordinary fancy and : 40Q90c for com
mon to choice.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Railroad stocks firmer, but industrials weaker.
Comstock mining shares again excited and liigher.
A o changes in local financial quotations.
Wheat futures lo-zver. Considerable Barley coining in damp.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Damp Bemis appearing from several sections.
Bran firm and tending upward. Hay unchanged.
Butter, Chxcse and Eggs about as before quoted.
Provisions quirt at previous prices. s
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Beet granulated Sugar again quoted.
Potatoes zveak, with stocks accumulating. Onions dull.
Poultry in liberal receipt, but cleaning up well.
Trade in Fruits restricted by threatening weather.
remain material change. Common are
quoted at 4's5c, prime at 5®5%c. choice at
5»i<S«c and fancy at <i\k@~c ¦ ¦ ....
PRUNES — New prunes are beginning to ar
rive and are said to show an inferior quality.
Old crop supplies are limited and are held at
about former prices, which range from 2
to ii"-*;c. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are in light supply and steady,
with choice quoted at 94@10e, extra choice at
10V,@10Vic and fancy at ll©13c.
PEACHES — Show firmness, with choice held
at *'.»fr> 1 --c, extra choice at 8t &Oc and fancy
at 9^®lCc.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 5.
Flour. Qr «ks... 22.242', Wool, bales 797
Wheat, ctls l,275[F*ed. sks 323
Barley, ctls 13, 5691 A If 2 If a sk» ... 5
Oats ctla 493|T*HqwJ ctls 26*
Corn* (West), ctls 1.8001 Leather. roll» . . WT
Beans, sks 2.0121 Hides. No 1.386
Tctatoes, sks ... 5.883 !P* Its. No 2,882
Onions, sks 1.3t»« V/ine gals 7H.10O
Bran, sks SOSfSurar. ctls 2.32U
SDddlinss. aks .. 125* Frandy. gals TOO
H»y. tons ...... 57.V Quicksilver, flsks. 233
lloff bales 1.B65! Raisins, his 1.900
Flax.' sks 570i
OREGON.
Flour, qr »*s... 89S!Whrat. etl» .....10,C0O
SPOKANE. Oct: 5. — Clearings, $618, S09. Bal
ances, $79,198. .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 6. — WHEAT — For export.
Walla Walla, 81©S2c; blue stem, S6c; valley,
£5C " WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 5.— WHEAT— Unchanged-
Blue stem. 87c; chib. 83o.
stances to effect sales. The upper grades re
mained steady.
A w.der range In ranch Eggs is quoted, as
there art a good many seconds now coming
in, and they are easy, as they have to com
pete with cold storage and Eastern goods, and
many of the latter are fine and in favor with
the public.
The situation in Cheese shows no change.
Most dealers report moderate stocks.
Receipts were 24.20O lbs Butter, 693 cases
Eggsjnd 8700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 28c
for extras and 25©26c for firsts; dairy. 21@
2ic; cold storage. 24o: store- Butter. 17@2Oe;
Eastern creamery. 21H@23c; Eastern ladle*
packed. 16@17c per lb. " .
CHEESE — 10®llc for choice mild new and
8H®9He for lower grade*; Young Americas.
llSUise; Oregon, VQllc; Eastern. 10* 15c per
pound.
EGGS — Ranch. 39c for large white se
lected. 36@3Sc for choice and 34S"5c for
common; cold storage, 27H©30c; store, nom
inal; Eastern. 25@2Sc for firsts and 22@21c for
seconds and 21c for bakers'.
10c more for all kinds. Tablet* — Half barrels,
6.5Oc; boxes rfLTSc; H. & E. Crystal Domino*,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less dan.
seventy-five barrels or its equiYalent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1904.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
STOCK MABKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
FREE ' FREE — FREE.
TEA — — J '—- "
' GARDEN - —^—
•-' — DRIPS.
A QUART CAN OF SYRUP
For the table. Upon this 'prod-
uct the Pacific Coast Syrup Co.
has built up its reputation."
A CAN FREE
WITH WANT ADS
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied page.
AUCTION SALES
100 Horses for Sat
• J; V. BUTTON' will sell at PUBLIC AUC-
TION. ONE HUNDRED HORSES, broken
and unbroken, weighing from 10OO to 1300
pounds. This is the third and last ooaatgs-
ment of the double square horses which will
pe offered at auction this season and u* th*
best all-purpose horses ever offered for UU*
on this market..
Sale Tikes Place MONDAY, Oct. 10
4t J.'.B. HQBArS^SALESYARD,
Cor. TENTH and BRTANT ST3.
Horses can be seen at yards any day previ-
ous to tale. ¦ " 'The Paralso Springs' are always open.'.".
NAPA. Oct. . 3. — S. Grand, charged with as
saulting Sebastian Perea ¦ with a deadly
weapon, was to-day held to answer befor* th*
Superior Court. \ Bonds were fixed at flOOfe
The Election Commission will ex
hibit the voting machines to-night at
1545 . Devisadero street; next Monday
at 11:30 a. m. at the Union Iron
Works;: next Tuesday at 11:30 at Six
teenth and Folsom streets, and next
Wednesday at the same hour at the
Mail dock.
Will Exhibit Voting Machines.
A communion service will be held
at St. Luke's Church this* morning at
11 o'clock in commemoration of the
great triennal meeting of the Woman's
Auxiliary being held in Boston. The
collection will be added to the united
offering, which is the gift of the
Woman's Auxiliary to the Board of
Missions for women's work over and
above all other moneys raised for mis
sionary work. All churchwomen are
invited to attend.
Missionary Meeting.
There is nothing new in' leather groods
that you cannot ¦; find in our store-r
trunks, dress suit cases, valises, ; wrist
bags and pocket-books for fall trade —
all new designs now in and lettei-cd in
gold free of charge. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. *
constitutions. As to the Federal constitution,
it is well settled that the right, of suffrage and
conduct of elections are under the exclusive
control - of each State,*,' except so: far as I such
control is limited by the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments, neither, of which, in my view,
has any application to the case at bar. ' ,
t Tho argument * that the ¦ provision in ques
tion violates the State. constitution, in that it
deprives the act.of » uniform operation, has
greater force. tp But since .the ¦ decisions over
throwing former primary election > laws ¦ there
has been adopted an amendment to the State
constitution (article 2, section 2%) the purpose
of which,undoubtedly : was to obviate*the ob
jections which had been urged against the acts
heretofore passed. .-That • amendment:, author
izes the Legislature to'determine the "tests and
conditions upon which 'electors,' political < parties
or organizations -of. voters may participate in
any • • primary election." .
I am not prepared to say that this does not
authorize the Legislature to provide that one
condition • upon • which; a: political party • may
participate in such election is that r iU shall
have demonstrated a'certatn numerical strength
by.polling 3 per cent.of the votes cast at;the
next preceding election. Furthermore,-. It may
be remarked that, - even before the' constitu
tional amendment, 'the- Judicial declaration
against,the similar-3 per, cent;provision in; the
primary law of 1809 'was not concurred ¦ In ' by
a. [ majority 'of the court In Brittan vs. Election
Commissioners. 129 Cal.S37.. • - .¦¦¦
;On the whole case, the argument against the
constitutionality, of' the * law • of : 1901. and sec
tlon 164 \t, ~ of i. the Penal,, Code la > not ¦ so. clear
that this court*.would ¦ be justified' in declaring
either:of said acts invalid./. * <*
Leather Goods for Fall Trade.
¦ DOE ESTATE.— The first annual account of
the administrators of the estate of Charles F.
Doe shows receipts amounting to $ 569.197 23,
disbursements of 9350,267 80 and a balance on
hand of $218,929 37.
W. J. Holman, Inspector of boilers
and elevators, is continuing his cru
sade against owners of sidewalk ele
vators, who refuse to comply with the
ordinance passed recently providing
that the doors of these elevators must
be opened by hand from the outside
and not by a patent contrivance from
the inside. Warrants were secured
yesterday for the arrest of "John Doe"
Lewis, manager of the Crocker build
ing; "John Doe" Fulton, restaurant.
755 Market street;* "John Doe" Bare.
1255 Market street; I. Magnin, 33 El
lis street; I. Lowenburg. 4 Sutter
street; "John Doe" Gruenbaum, 17
Snnsome street and "John Doe" Leach
of the Chronicle.
Must Obey the Ordinance.
Fall hats. 1904. just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palac*.*
On Sunday, October 9, the California North
western Railway will run an excursion to
"Wllllts. : Each ticket eold Insures a seat. Time
of departure from Tiburon Ferry, foot of Mar
ket street, will be 7:30 a, m., and from Wll
illts on tllo return 4 p. m. Train will not stop
in' transit. Fare for the round-trip only $3.
Tickets now on - sale at 650 Market street.
Chronicle building, and Ttburon Ferry. '
After those who attend this excursion have
had their lunch in Wllllts a special train. will
take all those desiring. to go to the mills and
ponds of the Northwestern Redwood Company
and to the redwoods. No extra- charge. •
Excursion to Willits.
CONVICTED OF GRAND LARCENT. —
John Murray was convicted by a jury in Judge
Lawlor'ti court yesterday on a charge of grand
larceny and will be «entencfcd to-morrow. On
July 21 he stole a horse and buggy belonging
to M A. Maher, 206 East street, and in the
buggy were 100 feet of hose, three dozen rub
ber staples, a pair of lady's shoes and a dozen
electric incandencent lamwi.
Swell Menu coma from the Knowles shoi>—
Edward Knowles Company, 24 Second street.*
DEMAND JURY TRIAL.— Tbe Public Ad
ministrator heirs and others Interested in the
estate of PalaKla Maria Krxyxanowskl were
yesterday notified that a demand will be made
for a jury trial of the contest against the will
instituted by Antonio Ogonowskl and Aloviy
Sylvester Borkowski. •
If you desire the appetite and diges
tion of early years, take Lash's Kidney
and Liver Bitters. * .
Andre Olsen filed a libel in the Unit
ed States District Court yesterday to
recover $100 alleged balance of wages
due him by the Naonek Packing Com
pany as a fisherman. .
Sues for Wages.
Containing. over 1700 in California and erery
person and concern In business In ths Stat*
arranged alphabetically in their respective
towns; also railroad faxes, population, names of
all county officials, banking, etc. Indispensable
to the business man and lawyer. Informa
tion found in a moment that will take days
to obtain otherwise. A postal to Suits-Shu
man Company, 738 Mission street, or phone
Red 6S25, will brine agent with book for in
spection. ..;¦• ••:".
Suits-Sbuman Company's State Direc
. tory for 1904-1905.
At the suggestion of the California
Promotion Committee the California
members of the National Association
of Manufacturers are writing David
M. P,arry. president of the national
association, urging the national asso
ciation to meet in California in 1906.
There are more than sixty firms in
California who are members of the
National Association of Manufactur
ers. The California Promotion Com
mitted has heard from Mr. Parry that
he is well disposed toward California
in 1906.
MANUFACTURERS INVITE
NATIONAL <X)NTENTTON
At that time the witness did not
know who Wyman was, but he imme
diately made inquiry among bystanders
to ascertain his identity. Later he
made it a point to have a look at the
! defendant, and identified him positively
as the man who stuffed a vote into the
ballot-box.
WHEELAX'S MOTIVE QUESTIOXED
The broadness of the cross-examina
tion. Countryman explained, was for
the purpose of showing an unworthy
• motive on the part of Wheelan for
i prosecution of Wyman. Insinuating
j questions. were asked as to his "politi
j cal ambitions," but he denied having
I any.
• "My purpose In politics," he ex
j plained with warmth, "is to have the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District repre
sented by men who wear no livery nor
the collar of any boss. Three times now
| I have worked actively in the district
j against the Maestretti ticket, which
i was always headed by the name of R.
H. Countryman."
Asked whom he associated with In
the political affairs of the district, the
witness named Judge J. R. Aitken,
i Warren Gregory, Wallace Bradford,
Charles Sheffield, Edwin McMurray,
Messrs. Hampton and Cassidy and oth
' ers.
Judge Cabaniss fussed a great deal
Wheelan reiterated his testimony
given on direct examination as to how !
he stood at the door of the voting place
and saw. Wyman copying Mann's name ;
on the roster from the register he had
under his arm. This was shortly after 4 •
o'clock. The defendant was given a ¦
ballot, proceeded to the booth and on ;
emerging announced to the inspector
that his name was' Mann. The com- .
plainant made note in his memorandum I
book at the time of every move of '
Wyman while voting fraudulently, jot- !
ting down the words he heard spoken
and the exact time of the casting of the :
ballot. Wheelan's testimony coincides
In every particular with that of his son,
who stood beside him at the entrance
to the voting place. j
In the cross-examination, that bore
directly on the charge against Wyman.
Wheelan was positive In the assertion
that he saw the defendant commit the
forgery on the roster, and the effort^ of
Countryman to shake his testimony
were not successful, for the witness at
every turn seemed to clinch matters
the stronger. When he had identified
the forged name on the roster he was
examined searchingly as to his memory
of the writing of it by the defendant.
He said:
Tou will notice that In the formation of the
letter P. the first initial. It might be mistaken
for an L- I recall distinctly his penning of
that, for I was in doubt which letter he in
tended. Then I have a- distinct recollection
of the unusual formation of the H of the
second initial that impressed itself on my mind
forcibly at the time. Tou will also notice the
peculiar turn at the base of the figure 2 in
the street number. Thi« also attracted my
attention particularly at the time.
In answer to a question of Country
man as to his reason for not calling the
attention of the election officers to the
crime that Wyman was committing the
witness said:
I was satisfied that it was hopeless to ap
peal to an election bo^ird that was not put
there to obey the law. If a man had come
into that booth and written on the roster that
he was Julius Caesar of Catacombs. Rome, he
would have been allowed to vote.
I made no protect because 1 knew that I
¦would be lied down by that board of officers.
Another reason why I remained 6ilent while
Wyman was voting illegally was the fear that
a criminal miRbt escape after learning that
he bad been detected.
While Wheelan's testimony reflected
severely on the election board In the
Almshous* precinct, he was much more
forceful in his statements against the
board in the Seventy-third Precinct,
where he says he saw Wyman pen the
forgery of S. H. Mann's name and cast
the fraudulent ballot.
ELECTION BOARD STOOD IX.
bulldozed around here." Then he asked if I
thought a pauper was a criminal and I an
twered that I did .not. He declared that there
were better men inside the Alrr-fhous* than
many cutside, and I remarked that I had no
doubt of It. He wanted to know who said
that a pauper had no right to vote. ( but I
could giv« him no information.
At this juncture Maestrrttl came rushing
into the booth with fire- in hi* rye. "What
the h*ll arc you doing here?" he called, out
to me. I tacwercd that I was pimply taking
advantage of the right of an Amrriran citizen.
"I ordf-r you out. I order the f lrction officers
to put you out.'" Mae^trftti cried. I demand
ed to know bis authority and hU reason and
he rerponded that I was intimidating voters.
After that Ma^Ftretti went up to his coyotes
up »t -the Almshouse. Tt was not long until
Frank Schmitz appeared on the scene. H*
came over to me and, putting his face down
close to mine, said, "I won't. have any men
Continuing, "VYheelan testified that he
saw the defendant, Wyman, sitting in
the rear of the ccurtroom at the time,
with his hand partially covering his
face. The witness suspected that some
deception was being attempted and was
watching every move of those interest
ed in the defense. His recollection wa3
pesitive as to the part he believed
Countryman was playing.
The wide range of the cross.-examina
tion of the complainant brought to
light some exciting experiences that
Wheelan had on the day of the pri
mary election. According to his testi
mony Public Works Commissioner
Maestretti and Frank Schmitz, brother
of the Mayor and superintendent of the
Almshouse, acted toward the witness
like ruffians.
READY TO GO TO SAN* QUENTIN*.
Wheelan then testified largely as fol
lows:
I had heard that every inmate of the Alms
houc was to \f compelled to vote as a Rf-
FUbliran and I went over to that precinct to
see what was going on. I saw an inspector
named P-pbstock refuse to administer the oath
to a man whose vote was challenged. The in
spector eaid he was ready to go to San Quen
tin if necessary- I entered a protest and
finally Bebstock telrphon«»d to the ReglEtrar's
ofSc*. He then said he would put the voter
under oath, but not In the form I said the
law directed.
Later a man from the Almfhouse named
Dwjf-r arrived. He asked for a Republican
b«l!ot and I challencl hi* vote on the ground
that he had no intention of voting tho Repub
lican tirict at the general election. "I will
vote the Republican ticket now. but I am
going to vote as a Democrat at the election."
was Dwyer's answer wh»n the question was
put to him.
I at once declared that he bad no rlrht.
ur.dc r his own ftatpm»nt. to vote at the pri
mary at a RppuMican.
The attorney asked several more
questions of the same character in the
effort to shake Wheelan's confidence in
his statement, but the witness only be
came the more emphatic in the serious
aspersion on Countryman.
After adjournment of court Country
man said that Wheelan must have mis
taken a wave of the hand as pointing
fco the •'ringer.'*
••Are you as fure that you saw me point to
tfce r:ry:"cr a* the defendant as you are about
alt th» "teftlinor.y you have pivtn here?" came
ttr question hotly from Countryman.
Judge Sloss of the Snperior Court re
fused to set Charles Wyman frea yes
terfliiy. upholding th« primary law un
der which the young saloon-keeper is
beinsr pros^cut^d for ballot-box stuff
ing:. fe.nd Uie preliminary examination
of the accused before Police Judge Ca
baiuss will be allowed. to proceed with
out further attempt on the part ot the
defense to interrupt it. Attorney
Ocunrrj-man says that ne win next sue
oat a. wrft of habeas corpus in the Su
preme Court, to make appeal virtually
from th* decision of Judge Slass, but
vdQ regnJre some time to prepare his
cas* thoroughly.
At th* hearing In the "Police Court.
TTtlch proceeded immediately After
Sloss' decision, there -were some sen
eational phases- Judge Cabaniss in
creased the prisoner's bail from $1000
cash or $2009 bond, to $2500 cash of
$4W)9 bond- The action ot the co-art
.appears signincant, for the reason that
ajinouncem&nt was made from the
bench a few days ago that $1000 cash
r-as sufficient, the prosecution having
entered a protest against the smailness
of the amount. Public Works Commis-
Eioner Maestretti produced the addi
tional bail before nightfalL
YTyman's attorney. R- H. Country
roan, was made by Fairfax H. Whee
lau's testimony to appear in a. question
able light in connection with the "ring
er" incident of a week ago.
"VTheelan was telling of the discovery
of Wyrnan's double' sitting beside
MaeEtretti in court, ostensibly as the
defendant, and in the course of his
TfcEtimony said to Countryman, who
was> cross-examining him:
"And" when Judge Cabantss afked. upon
ea!'!ng the case If the deten<iact was In court
I saw you point to the 'ringer' as you gave the
affirmative anfwer. The double was F»ate-J
slcr.*side Ma/?stretti and I sat Dext to Mas.
trettL"
Third— The main . attack of i petitioner is on
the act of 1901, pursuant to which the primary
election in question, was held. .The feature -of
the law. principally I assailed . Is L the one i which
glve3 certain privileges : to -. political ; parties
which .polled ¦ Scperjcenfsof Uhe< total -vote, at
the ' next ; preceding * election. .. It i is > urged that
this violates j both , the F.deral . and - the State
; Second — It is nrged that as section &iy. was
adopted In 1899 It had reference to the primary
law of that year, which was thereafter ><ie
clared unconstitutional, and that with the fall
of the law providing for the only condition upon
which (J4% could operate this section itself
fell, and was not revived by the passage of a
later primary, election law. The point has
apparently considerable force but in the ab
eence of the citation of ; any, authority -in its
support can hardly be regarded Vas* affordine
sufficient warrant, for. this court- to i declare
section C4% inoperative. ' * ,-.
I think there can be no question that the
title* "An act to amend the Penal Code of
the State of California, by adding a new sec
tion ¦ thereto, to be numbered &i%, relating to
elections, by providing for the punishments of
offenses at primary elections," definitely 'ex
presses the subject of the act within the mean
ing of the constitutional' provision- invoked "
Nor Is the act adopting section diV. 'of the
Fenal Code open to the objection that It
amends sections 40 to 64, referred to In section
64%. without re-enacting such sections Th«i
provision requiring law* i amended . to b« ro
enacted c has no reference to statutes which
merely amend others by implication. Section
04% does not purport to amend any other
section. :. It is supplementary legislation, which
leaves entirely unimpaired the force of the
sections to which it refers.
First— It is urced that section 64% of the
Penal Code Is invalid in that the act of 1899
adoptimr it failed in its title to declare the
subject of the act. and that the section amends
other sections, without re-enacting- such sec
tions at lensth. ,
To succeed In this, proceeding the' petitioner
must show that the acts in question arc
clearly and unquestionably In conflict with the
organic law. It is thoroughly well settled that
no court will declare a legislative act uncon
stitutional where there Is a reasonable doubt
as to the validity of the act. And this rule
applies with greater force to Inferior courts.
Three principal points are made by . peti
tioner - •»-¦
The decision of Judge Sloss yesterday
does not greatly strengthen the status
of the primary law. He refused to un
dertake passing upon it upon its con
stitutionality and passes the question
to the Supreme Court. To him the con
tention of petitioner that failure to re
enact a statute providing for penalties
for violation of the primary law de
prived the law of punitive value ¦ has
considerable force. Counsel failed,
however, to support his argument with
any citation.
When the primary law of 1899 was
passed section 64*4 w&s enacted, provid
ing that violations of it were to be pun
ished In the same manner as for viola
tions of the general election law. The
Supreme Court declared the primary
law of 1899 to be unconstitutional, and
Attorney Countryman contends that
section 64% fell with it . The Legisla
ture did not re-enact section 64% when
it passed the primary law of 1901.
The following is Judge Sloss' opin
ion:
John A- Hosmer, special prosecutor
employed by. the Merchants' Associa
tion, said yesterday that several more
arrests for fraudulent voting at the
primaries will in all probability • soon
be made.
FAILED TO EXPLOIT GOOD POINT.
Countryman had him write his sig
nature and afterward declared that he
would prove that the name on the ros
ter was in the same handwriting.
Judge Cabaniss continued the exam
ination to Monday at 11 o'clock.
The> police have obtained no clew to
the whereabouts of Adolph Steffens,'
who was indicted by the Grand Jury
for fraudulently voting the name of C.
C. Crew in the Seventy-third Precinct.
Some of Steffens' friends give the as
surance that he will be on hand when
the prosecution is ready to go ahead
with the case. The Indicted fireman
figured in yesterday's proceedings,
Wheelan describing him as one of three
men who were locked inside the booth
at 5 o'clock and allowed to vote after
the polls were closed.
The last witness was S. H. Mann,
whose name Wyman is accused of hav
ing voted. He testified that he was
not near the polls on primary day and
declared the signature of his name on
the roster to be a forgery. He ' is a
special policeman and on the day of
the election was not living at the place
designated In' the register from which
the defendant copied.
MANX NOT NEAR POLLS.
over extraneous testimony because of
the time it unnecessarily consumed,
but counsel for the prosecution were
willing to let the examination go to
any length and Wheelan was eager to
engage in the frequent passages be
tween himself and Countryman. The
exchanges were good-humored in tone,
but there was often a shaft that was
Intended to sting, for the factional feel
ins in the Thirty-ninth is oftentimes
bitter.
Much speculation has been aroused
over the real purposes of the Oakland
and Marysville Company and particu
larly as to whether it is the preliminary
move in some new transcontinental pro
ject. F. W. Zeile is president of the
Mercantile Trust Company and John
D. McKee is cashier of the same cor
poration, a fact which leads many to
suppose that the Mercantile Trust Com
pany is acting in the Interest of some
outside combination of capital. If an
Eastern road is contemplating reaching
Oakland it is generally conceded that
the route chosen by the Oakland and
Marysville Company is about the most
available. Whether the new company
has obtained terminal rights in Oak
land is a matter which the incorpora
tors of the road will not admit. In fact
they have declined to give out any. in
formation further than is to be found
in the articles of incorporation. In
discussing the matter Attorney Cope,
who filed the articles and who is named
as one of the incorporators, said the
company was organized for legitimate
purposes, but refused to intimate
who was behind the project or just
what property rights the company held
on the ether side of the bay.
•j* : ¦!¦
The Oakland and Marysville Railway
Company yesterday filed articles of in
corporation in which it is announced as
the intention of the new concern to
build a road between the points named,
a distance of 115 miles: The company
gives its route as commencing at tide
water in Oakland and running norther
ly and easterly through the counties of
Alameda, Contra Costa, Solano, Yolo
and Sacramento to the city of Sacra
mento, and thence In a general north
erly direction through Placer, Sutter
and Yuba counties to Marysville. The
capital stock of the company is $4,000,
000. divided into 40,000 shares. The in
corporators have subscribed the fol
lowing amounts: Frederick W. Zeile,
$100,000; John D. McKee, $10,000; John
Zeile. $10,000; W. B. Cope, $10,000; R. T.
Hooper, • $10,000. F. W. Zeile is desig
nated as treasurer of the company.
Wheelan Tells of
Rough Work' at
the Polls.
Speculation Is Eife as to
Whether Transcontinental
Project Is Contemplated
IXCOKPOBATOES SILENT
Harry Jones, printer, denied Mrs. Ju
lia Wittman's charge that he knocked
her down when she accused him of
maliciously ringing her doorbell and
otherwise annoying her. Miss C.'Neal
corroborated Mr. Jones' statement, and
added that the Wittman doorbell was
rung by naughty little boys. Judge
Cabaniss dismissed the case.
Mrs. Wittman and Mr. Jones are next
door neighbors on Mary place, extend
ing from Fifth street to Sixth between
Mission and Howard. The lady In
formed the court that Mr. Jones has
employed his spare hours in the inven
tion and execution of plans- to make
her life unpleasant. The bell-ringing
was not by any means the least harass
ing, of his devices. He also broke win
dows In her house, she alleged, and
threatened to kill her husband, Emile.
"I vants mine pore leedle hosband
prodecded, Shoodge," said Mrs. Witt
man. "Dese beoples— dese Shoneses—
vas hooderlums. Dis; Harry Shones
says dot- he knocks mine leedle hos
band's brains oud, .und he ring mine
bell, und he smash me more den nine
vlndows, und he took me by mine two
hands und he trow me down' righd here
In der city. I vas a citizen, Shoodge,
und bay mine taxes."
Mr. Jones and Miss* Neal united in
the statement that Mrs. Wittmah's
Virginia Grey, was entertaining a
large : and appreciative audience on
K*-arny street by singing "Fishing,"
when Patrolman Kavanaugh ran her
In as a vagrant. Her defense will be
heard next Saturday.
Patrolman J. Barrett testified that
Susie Wagner was reclining against
an Eddy street lamppost when he over
hauled her at 1:30 o'clock ysterday
morning and he might have believed
her tale of heart failure if her utter
ance had been more distinct and her
breath less redolent of liquor. Case
continued till October 8.
"La Madrilina" was the name called
by the bailiff, and a buxom woman of
pronounced Spanish complexion re
sponded to it. Patrolman McMurray
said she was intoxicated when he ar
rested her on Kearny street late Tues
day night, and she asked for and was
granted time to prepare a defense. Her
next appearance in court will be on
October 8.
The most serious charge was that
against May Parker. She stabbed Ed
mund. Parker, her consort, the night
of October 1 at their residence on Clem
entina street and the man's condition
has become so serious as to impel the
police to formally accuse her of as
sault with intent to commit murder.
She said she was Parker's wife, but
the detectives say her spouse is
a convict named Johnson, who is
now "doing" eight years in San Quen
tin for counterfeiting. When arraigned
yesterday she said she had no counsel
and was penniless, so the court ap
pointed Attorney Joseph Taafe to de
fend her and set the hearing for next
Wednesday. She is tall and thin and
attired in black. Parker is a waiter.
May McNamee was chasing passing
pedestrians off the sidewalk at Fifth
ana Folsom streets when Patrolman J.
Ryan arrested her and she blushingly
confessed to the Judge that she had
imbibed more ardent spirits than was
good for her mentality. She will be
sentenced to-day.
Minnie Aguirre, a semi-centenarian,
ran away from the Almshouse and was
asieep on a doorstep on Fourth street
when Patrolman Avery found her. Sen
tence deferred.
Rose Lewis, a comely young bru
nette, averred it was police persecution
that placed her where she was. Pa
trolman Heinrichs arrested her as she
was "rushing the growler" on Howard
street, near Fourth, at an early hour
yesterday morning and so fiercely did
she resist him that he welcomed the ar
rival of another policeman to assist in
her subjugation. Sentence to-day.
Mabel Dodge, youthful and good
locking, "threw a fit" in court when
she was pronounced guilty of vagrancy
and remanded for sentence. She was
arrested at Mission and Sixth streets
by Patrolman P. Sullivan, who gave
her a very bad character.
"I don't have to work for a living,"
said May McDonough, "because my
folks are well-to-do and send me^all
the money I want." Despite her declar
ation erf dependence Miss McDon
ough was convicted of vagrancy by the
testimony of Patrolman G. E. Brown,
who arrested her at 921 Howard street
Tuesday night. She will be sentenced
to-day.
Femininity had unusual representa
tion on Police Judge Mogan's calendar
yesterday morning. No less than nine
women defendants confronted his Hon
or when he ascended the bench and,
with accustomed gallantry, he gave
their cases 'precedence.
H. J. Woods, accused of vagrancy,
said he was a student, but Patrolman
Orr described him a "cigar store statue
at O'Farrell street and Grant avenue,"
and Judge Mogan took the officer's
word for it. Sentence to-day.
Bryan Collins, who robbed' two work
men of their temporarily discarded
coats in Golden Gate Park, will be
sentenced to-day by Judge Mogan.
George Addison pleaded inability to
understand how he could reasonably
be accused of vagrancy as he was the
husband of an actress in a North End
music hall, who was perfectly willing
to support him. Indeed, he hinted, she
preferred to have him . abstain from
toil, as she earned enough money to
keep both of them in comfort. If the
court, which was Judge Mogan, enter
tained any doubt as to the truth of
Mr. Addison's statement there was his
marriage certificate to prove that his
provider was really his wife. The court
did not question the defendant's claim
of being a benedict, but considered him
a" vagrant just the same, and will sen
tence him to-day.
When asked by Judge Mogan why
he so obstinately offended Mr. Vers said
that the hod carriers had instructed
him to unload the bricks in a certain
way, and he considered obedience to
their instructions more important than
any inconvenience to which he might
put the traveling public.
Sentence deferred until to-day.
"*• • •
Six carloads of delayed passengers im
plored and threatened John Vers, team
ster, but he calmly ignored their protests
and deliberately removed bricks from
his -wagon one" by one 'until the ve
hicle was emptied. Then he started
to drive away, when Patrolman P. J.
McKenna placed him . under arrest for
obstructing the highway.
It was on Post street, near Leaven
worth, that Vers blocked the street
railway until half a dozen cars were
congregated. He was unloading bricks
at a building in course of construction,,
and for twenty-seven minutes his team
occupied the c^r track while he picked
up the cubes one at a time and care
fully set them down alongside the
curb.
T. J. Nolan, electrician, residing at
465A Capp street, was chasing his
wife, Anita, at Sixth and Howard
streets last Tuesday night when he
tripped and fell over a foot thrust out
by Special Policeman Castro. As soon
as he regained his feet Mr. Nolan
grabbed the officer and threw him
down, and after a brief scrimmage the
arrest ,was accomplished.
When accused of battery on the po
liceman Mr. Nolan told Judge Mogan
that the pursuit of Anita was not in
anger, but simply to give her physical
exercise, of which she stood greatly in
need, despite the fact that she was af
flicted with heart trouble. The officer,
however, informed the court that while
the hunt was in progress A,nita was ap
parently terrified and her husband en
raged. So the court pronounced Mr.
Nolan guilty as charged and promised
to prescribe h!s punishment to-day.
grievances were largely imaginary, and
hinted that her hallucinations were 01
alcoholic origin.
Case Must Really
Go to Supreme
Court
JUPGE SLOSS decided yes
terday that the argument
presented by counsel for
Charles Wyman did not
warrant him in holding un
constitutional the primary law
under which the prisoner is
being prosecuted for ballot
box stuffing. The court did not
ro far into the question, but
Tlrtnally passed It to the Su
preme Court. /
The preliminary examina
tion of the accused was re
sumed, and Police Judge
Cabaniss surprised the defense
by increasing bail from SI 000
cash, or bond of $2000, to
$2500 cash, or bond of 51000.
Fairfax H. Wheelan, the
complaining witness, was
cross-examined at length and
told ' of ¦ much ¦ high-handed
•procedure at the primary elec
tion.
New Company Proposes to
Connect City of Oakland
With- the Northern Town
Their . Offenses Range Downward From
Assault to Plain Vagrancy.
Judge Sloss Refuses
to Upset Primary Law
and Remands Wyman
ANOTHER ROAD
TO MARYSVILLE
Nine Women Defendants Face
One Chivalrous Police Judge
THE SAN .-FRANCISCO; CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1904.
14
HALE'S. j
The New Fall Waists
At Hale.'s Receive Reinforcements
We have needed them badly, for selling has been brisk. Gaps
in sizes and styles are filled up to-day.
The Prices Start at 95c
A splendid cashmere waist, heavy enough to be warm, light enough
to be comfortable. Made with large plaits in the front, dainty little col-
lar, full sleeves. .They have won first place this fall. Colors are navy and
dark garnet. The price is 95c.
At 81.35- — Waists or caabmere or At $1.50— Dainty "Waist la TreacOi ftan-
Prench flannel, soft and pretty nob, »•*. splendidly made, plaited front
MM SSrH s $¦ ">-• m^
Here's a. waist of crepe-like mate- A * u U9U at evgry VTica and all on i
rial navy, garnet and brown dashed tabla« on the MConA floor to-day,
with white, n.55. plainly marfcefl.
Reclining Go-Cart Skirts Made Free
at $11.95, Instead of $18.50. H y°" will buy the material for
A handsome full-sized reclining cart vour ordinary skirt length our ex-
tand«,»ely 9< &ho 1 Stered ParaSO1 ' "* PCrt "1" ° ake f°\ * I
It has the new automobile gear that plain skirt free. Ask tor turtner I
T£ n ? f2 eas l! y - P aten t nutless axles, so particulars at the dress goods de-
tnat the wheels can • be easily taken
off. rubber-tired wheels and foot- partment.
brake. $11.95 instead of $18.50. Miller & Miller, the expert cutters
We are making room on the third and fitters who are with us this week.
floor, for holiday goods will be wlu cut and flt free any wal3t - sul *«
;„ c «« Tt s j "' uc coat or any garment you want, no mat-
coming m soon. If you need a new t «?r how elaborate or how plain. Tou
go-cart this is a rare opportunity, buy the material. And if th« material
If you do not need a new one this C0lrts »« *«* to 7So ttw wffl cut
i<; a crnnd rhan/-* tn T*r\\nr» *Vi- *aa luxi 5 ta ** free - If tt coita 7Sc yard
is a gooa cnance to replace the old more cut . v ta. and flt
one and save. it free. They are on tho fourth floor.
Cut Glass Underpriced }
So every on/ can share. Turkish Towels 14c !
j Rich American cut glass, new Bleached — size 19x40.
shapes, elaborately cut. The prices ~ . . . . ...
give you opportunities to buy real x- ringed, plain white.
cut glass this week at nriees vou But lt#s the Quality of the towel
woufd ordinarily Vo/imhatK SSi5SL* P^fr SSoTSS l^rt-
bee these e nt. and with a good rub, 14c.
Salt Shaken at 19c — Real cut glass.
with heavy sterling silver tops, two *~" ~"^"~~
shapes to choose from. At 19c In-
stead of 35c. Pepper shakers, too. • . // xOU kavetft
31.65— A Beautiful Bonbon Dish. Galfltefl. ' > ! '•«-*'*«*
heavy blank, deep, rich cuttings. «**%*•»*.*»*• seen iUg statue
scalloped edges; regular $3 00 S ™ statue
** V |L U « . „ M „ "that turns into a beautiful liv-
At 82.35 pair — Susrar and Creamer, cut - '
in the new chrysanthemum patterns; i M cr woman See it nOW. Ifs
tho handles are cut, too. They usu- lS •
aiiy seii at $5.00. being shown on the f mirth
At S5.00 — Bich Vase that usually sells ° . '
for $7.50. See them on the third floor, floor. IO to 12 t« the morning
ITthe name of and 2 to * : 3° in the
\k/krA&~ the best suits Coine in the if you
VVjffBg* for women. «• __
"^™^^ All wool ma- <r »rt/\ r~ *. s o j
teriah, perfectly cut and tail- 10 ° e ° Curtain Ends
j -ti * i f * c? - At half and less than haIf -
ored with a style at $22.50 you A thousand samples of
would scarcely expect at $30. curtains at
Let us show them to you. 20c, 25c, 30c and 35c
-»*r rrwr /nf Nearly 2 yards lonr and from 50 to
\tQs-&fr^4&f \2b7 5 * inches -jvidp. They're in Nottins-
_*?^h /3/ jt9&&&*e** ham, madras and rable thread weaves.
/{jgf Jjgf^W&xs*' ?5ti& QBg^jg^gy basement or attic windows or for tran-
• *E& ii 1 1 1 1 1 1 i t^^ soms. They"re out to-day first time.
%**" **—*i*f~^' second floor.
¦3 O 17 y{ n • km B m 1 H
In* 'ml * \l i B rl I Sw k
I -^jyC#^^ _ im a "lM^ tffeMv F^5 ' I
* TtwiiiflS J L. A^^-Jfi^ Jnffl ; il
39 STOCKTON ST.. STEAK. MABS£1
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
NO BRANCH STOBE3.
Hundreds of economical housswtvw find
It to their «<Ivanta*» to buy of us weekly,
thereby making * great savins in their
expenses.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials
CSEAM ER7 BCTTSE per t\. 3?S«
Crystal Sprinr Creamery.
MI5HE30TA XSErS p«r 4»«. 27H'u
The usual select stock.
GHIRABDELLra COCOA J»r IU 20e
Regular 25c
SAPOLIO 4 e»V«i fer 35s
Begular S for 23c.
H 0 OATS ft; jig 10s
Regular 15c.
Quickly prepared, delicious too.
8AMTA CXiASA PBTOI3 j»r & 5«
New, extra large. Never sold lsaa than
10c per lb. before.
CALJMrBKA T1Q3, ia 1-lb •trtoaa—
Red Seal. Special. 15c. Regular 20s.
Golden Seal. 2(>o. Regular 25o.
Better than the Imported.
JAMS AND JXLLIES, la 1-lb j»n ,15o
Any flavor to suit your tast».
HOLLAND HEHSI3G3. 7 ft? 25o
Regular 5c each. All Mllchnsr's.
BABT FIX0LA3 6-o». bat 15o
Regular 20c.
Olives stuffed with red peppers.
B, 8. V. P. TABLE SALT fi-lb earteat 15«
Regular 20c. Always dry — never lumps.
STRIKER' 3 KITCHSK SOAP... 15 lakts for Ut
Regular 8 for 25c.
KXLLW00O B0CRB0N. .p« btt 75«; gsj. $3.00
Regular 11 and 1 1. M«l!ow«d with. ag«
NASLES BBAHDT ftrbtt. $1.15
Regular $1.50.
Made In San Joss; 25 years old.
A. V. H. 615 lirgJ btt $l.i5. small 95t
Regular 91.6O and 41.1O.
Bottled in Holland.
CLARET ptr (*L40»
Regular 50c.
A splendid win* for the messy.
TRU1T bTBtfPS ptr ktt,S3«
Regular 50c
Strawberry. Raspberry. Grenadine. Pins-
apple. Lemon. Vanilla. Ail pure.
Just received a large assortment of DOOR
MATB. All prices and sizes to select from.
Pears'
Only those who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
Established over wo yean .
•3 B B H El it! ~*
The adjustability of Mellin's Food is
one of its good points. Mellin's Food
can be adjusted and is suitable to the
needs of the youngest infant as well
as ; children of the more advanced
age. It only takes a minute to pre-
pare it as there is no cooking nec-
essary. Send for a free sample.
MEIilN'S FOOD CO, BOSTON, MAS^
__^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
;fg|« ever held with the biggest RUG REDUCTIONS we have 5|ESS
t\? a ever made. If you have. been surprised with our carpet v^3!
wSf % sale prices our Rug specials will take your breath away. %iSS
Qfat There has never been anything like it before. Don't miss it. , ©\Vi
;^«2 $5.00 AXMINSTER RUGS, 36 by 72 inches. High grade, '•#£
3~£tt h '2 lr P' lc ru " s f° r halls or folding doors. <£>O O^ *£>ff
g|£* This week : J^S
$9.00- PRO-BRUSSELS RUGS, 9 feet square. The »jSf
greatest reduction in this class of rug (>£• ¦¦?£* J^K?
gj^y^ evcr ma GC. This week i-iY^
StvJ $30 BODY BRUSSELS OR AXMINSTER RUGS, 9 ;8g
Rs»T»\ b >' 12 feet - Tllc highest of high grade <>OO CZ f\ *3sE
gg£:» carpets. This week •?§£
f£§»*v;J $11.00 MOHAIR RUGS, 30 by 60 inches. The genuine $2&
SvrVl mohair that every home should have. G>/? "7£T *n^3C
gg* This week 3>b./O $gi
33-J 57.5O WILTON RUGS, 36 by 63 inches. These are so *5fc:
SfA^ beautiful they would make the finest description q v 23s
fJF^OS seem .poor. They are beautiful. You <££? flfl *\iK§5
&K\* should not miss them. Now V^»'Lr'Lf 5\Hi^
fetfS S3 - 00 ARABIAN CURTAINS with borders; O|j O£T J$5;
K»t ecru cc;lor.' ' ; «(iS
Sf&vJ $1.00 LACE CURTAINS. A good serviceable C^ JfP
j«2^ % curtain; pair .". ..-"-•'.. •"«£§
MARKS BROS.
GREAT /V
SPECIALS 0
— AT—
PRICES THAT TALK FOR
THEMSELVES.
WOMEN'S FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS.
Made with deep flounce, ruffles trim-
med in braid, bishop sleeves, lined to
waist, come in red, navy I
blue, black and white, fig- Q £^ ''
ured or striped designs, a (% f] f*
good $1.25 value. To-day [JZ—^lJ
50c WOMEN'S :.7 QCn
FLANNEL PETTICOATS- -OOC
These Petticoats being made in our
own factory, means a big saving to you.
Come in good washable stripes.
$7.75 BOYS' SUITS (|H 7Ev
These Suits must be sold without re-
serve. We're hard pressed for room.
Made of storm serge in all the latest
fall effects for boys from 2 to 7 years old.
KiMONA, like cut; comes in a pleasing
variety of Persian and Oriental designs;
made of heavy fleeced flannelette; full
front and kimona sleeves, trimmed with
bias Persian bands. •
WOMEN'S TENNIS FLANNEL GOWNS,
Come in fancy stripes, Hubbard yoke,
trimmed in braid, double i , ~~i
backs, sell elsewhere for fj. €j
$1.00. Our sale prica. . / I*
NEW ARRIVALS IN FALL RIBBONS.
20c \Kind f Ql n
Special fcr To-Day Only 1 A2L
Heavy Taffeta Wash Ribbon, in all
colors, including black, 4 inches wide.
»TWILL PAY YOU TO VISIT
OUR LACE AND EMBROIDERY
DEPARTMENT.
Send your nam% and address and we will
mail free our Fall and Winter Mall Order
Book. ; ,_ .... '- r
\ THe Home of 'Honest Values
(MARKET STREET