Machine Built by the San Franciscan Successfully
Navigated Through the Mr Above the World's
Fair Grounds for a Distance of Ten Miles
r, : j NASSAU;^ N. '.: H:; * Octl 2 5.— The! At
lantic r transport >line ! steamship ;t Mas
sachusetts, from * Cardiff \ tori New/: Or
leans,* stranded ' oft JAbacoj; Bahama Isl- a
ands.\on r f October* 16." f She is iresting
easlly^^ 1^; ;;' ? - ' •¦¦ -".~ '., '• : "-' • -" ' - .- " ; '." ¦ ' , ¦;•;.- n
STEAMSHIP ASHORE J
IX- BAHAMA ISLANDS
BIc. Timber Deal in Oregon.
EUGENE^OreM : Oct. ; 2 5.— It is : said
upon reliable authority, that some cap^
italists • haver sold."- : their V Holdings v; of
timber,* lands ; lying ; a.^ few, ; miles ¦ south
of: this cIty,'amounting;to!24;000*acres, i
to ; the '; Booth-Kelly * Lumber. Company. 1
The i price is stated ! to jbe ' 9 15 1 per^ acre. 3
This is 'one '; of I the '. largest ''- timber) deals
that has ever, taken ¦ place! in ; this ' Stated
Governor Peabofly; ".will ¦»¦: make his
speeches from : the ; rear . of ; the • special
train, which Is furnished In : sumptuous
style. ,-.-¦ ¦.'¦¦..:;:¦•: :-: -Try- ¦;¦¦¦:,
The State will be . covered in whirl
wind fashion. Governor Peabody spoke
in Colorado Springs T to-night, -the. ban
ner ReDublican , city ; of ! the ', State. J His
special train will leave Colorado Springs
to-morrow., night ¦ and the i eastern part
of the State will be covered ¦ first. ¦
This bodyguard consists of. about
twelve. men. They are dressed In t plain
clothes and will scatter /through i. the
crowd wherever he speaks to suppress
any hostile act • against ; the Governor,'
which some; of ~ his friends profess to
fear. Each member of the guard is a
crack shot. "--"•.
DENVER, Oct. 25.-When Governor
Peabody left Denver ! this afternoon on
a campaigning trip through the State
he was accompanied by- the pick of the
"gun-fighters" of the Colorado Nation
al Guard. • • : :- ' .
Special' Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Oct. 25.— A sequel* to- the
Dreyfus case .was the opening of the
court T martlar to-day,'of four prominent
officers' of j the War Ministry-7-Colonels
Daut^ch, Rollln, ¦ Francois and Mare
chal-—charged with "using ; military
funds < ! and •' otherwise influencing wit
nesses against Dreyfus at Rennes.' The
court , is 7 composed 'of * General * Berlin,'
four colonels : and ¦ two lieutenant col
onels. The previous ministerial Inves
tigation partially •vindicated : the ac
ciised.iwho demanded ;a court-martial;
Colonel : Dautrich testified that i during
the 'entire course of "the"; proceedings
at .f Rennes he - followed '" the * orders^ of
his superiors. -^§^tKpfg^gStH^SSi
' . I The ¦/(indictment charges' Colonel
Dautrich j with' having, 1 while custodian
of ;the^military '"archives Tin"-. 1899, mu
tilated and } made ¦; erasures for
the purpose of shielding a' diversion of
the ; funds ; by Colonels' Francois and
Marechal. -The latter, are f specifically
Charged 'with ; havlngT appropriated
SiOOO^when'the prosecution of 'Drey
fus was going on/ ''¦'¦'
')¦ A : larigreTi'crowd attended the trial,
Including }Maitre ; " Labori* Colonel '• Pic-"
quart,". Jose Reinach^the'.bldgrapherj'of
Dreylus and ; other, ', notabilities : of ] the
Dreyfus -case. ./- ' • .
• r • The ; testimony 1 was largely, technical
and : concerned the methods of - han
dling fwar r archives :. and fi f unds.^ The
trial went : over.!", to/: tPtmornow. 15 " The
f our ; accused ¦' officers are detained in
prisonj',7." "'" " ; '.'-1': '"¦-• . ' ' *:" v-}
"r 1 ! Hankins is only 14 years old, but .took
his sentence, like a maar- He said he ex
pected '¦:.. to £ fare I worse „ and had ? figured
the exact^ time ' he .would ; be j requi red ; to
serve ', on twenty .-year, sentence L.with
credits ; deducted;"- Ha • said \ he \ preferred
to i eo i to ; San ;Quentln because it • was
nearer to his; relatives Sin 'Alameda.' '
' MARYSVILLE, Oct. 25.— Claude.; F.
Hankins was sentenced to-day," to six
teen years in' San Quentin for the mur
der of George B. Morse, a son of Detec
tive Harry N.: Morse of San Francisco,
on the Bolles farm, near , Marysville,
last. July/-. Judge , McDanlel .informed
Hankins that :,by good , : behavior he can
reduce' the ¦ actual term to ten, years:
The motion V of -Attorneys i Carlin and
Johnson for a new trial was denied, but
a* stay ? was; given pending an appeal to
the Supreme Court. -,
: Counsel for the 'defense made a strong
effort ; to havel the - boy sent* to e. reform
school.v but/ the ' Judge \ considered the
offense \, too * grave; and opportunity Uo
escape I too* frequent. He f said * Hankins
was too :4 dangerous 'to -take '.chances
withr andjthat his influence on; the oth
ers ¦> in v" the R school .would' be,; bad;' for,
them. , : In .-the ? opinion ", of ; the ¦ court i the
boy v stands a better: chance > of being.re
formed > in 1 a = . penitentiary ' than : in : a | re
formf schoolJ V !>'
Governor of Colo
rado Fears As
sassination.
DREYFUS' FOES
ARE ON TRIAL
FIGHTING
MEN GUARD
PEABODY
GOVERNMENT
WILL DIRECT
RAILROAD
Canal Board Taking
Over Panama
Line.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 25.— Propelled part
of the way by its own powgr and the
remainder of the distance by the wind,
which was blowing at the rate of about
rine or ten miles an hour, the airship
Arrow, owned by Thomas S. Baldwin
of San Francisco; in charge of A. R.
-Knabenshue of Toledo, made an un
announced ascension from the aeronau
tic concourse at the World's Fair to
day and landed near Cahokia, 111.; a
distance of nearly ten miles. The flight
attracted the attention of thousands of
persons, who cheered almost continu
ously as the big machine "passed over
the exposition grounds, left the resi
dence section of St. Louis far beneath
it and soared high above the towering
office buildings of the business district.
Clinging to the framework of the car,
fcis precarious foothold an iron tub<2
that forms one Fide of the base of the
triangular network of supports and
ribs of the airship. Knabenshue direct
ed the movements of the flying ma
chine and maneuvered in circles and
against the wind high over the mon
eter exhibit palaces of the exposition
before an accident to his motor ren
dered the big fan-like propellers useless
and curtailed his command of the air
ship.
STEERS AS HE PLEASES.
Notwithetandlng the breaking of the
motor, Knabenshue did not lose com
plete control of the machine, but with
the momentum given by the wind he
¦was enabled to steer the machine in a
course thai varied several points in
each direction from the trend of , the
wind and land at a point of his own
6election.
After he had landed, Knabenshue
Btated that when he found he could
control the movements of the airship
even after the motor was useless, he
determined to make the test a fair one
end decided to effect a landing on the
east side of the Mississippi River.
Steering hia balloon so that he could
gsda the beet speed from the wind,
Knabenshue directed its course over
the southwestern residence district of
St. Louis. Passing rapidly eastward
the Arrow reached the downtown dis
trict, where . its appearance was the
cignal for the greatest excitement.
Practically all business was suspended
While the airship passed over the city.
From its movement the spectators
could not determine whether the pro
pellers were working, as the big ship
eeemed to respond to every demand
made by its navigator and to change
lta course at will, not at the vagaries
of the wind. Although then nearly a
mile high. Knabenshue could be seen
occasionally moving back and forth on
his dangerous standing place, keeping
his ship under control and directing its
movements either upward or downward
es he desired.
From the Missouri side he passed to
the Illinois side of the Mississippi River,
and having completed his self-imposed
task headed toward Cahokia and
brought his airship to the ground about
half a mile from that little hamlet.
When within about ten feet of the
earth Knabenshue threw out his grap
ple and one of the books caught on a
large tree standing on the edge 'of a
clearing, and the machine settled slow
ly to the ground, resting lightly upon
Its fracework.
OF. A UNIQUE DESIGN*.
Knabenshue alighted and secured the
airship to prevent injury from the wind
and hurried to i>ut himself In commu
nication with Baldwin, - who had re
mained at the World's Fair grounds,
and assure him that the Arrow was un
injured. The flight occupied exactly
one hour. The motor 'broke, about fif
teen minutes after the airship lef t '. the
aeronautic concourse.
The airship was constructed under the
NEW YORK, Oct.' 25.— Rear Admiral
Walker, chairman of the Isthmian Can
al Commission, and three other members
of the commission have been elected
directors of the Panama Railroad Com
pany. Later on the remaining mem
bers of the commission will be elected
directors, making the seven members
who will have control of railroad af
fairs.
Horace See," formerly with the Cramp
Shipbuilding Company; has been ap
pointed constructor under the,super
vision of the railroad company. ' See is
now designing for the company one
ship capable of carrying " 3500 tons of
freight and sufficient coal for a -4000
mile run. * He i» : also preparing.. plans
for two vessels of 5000 tons, capable' of
carrying comparatively a greater coal
supply.
When the 1 plans are completed, for
these additional ships for the fleet.naw
operating, between .New York and
Colon under the Panama*' Railroad,'
they will be submitted • to the directors
of the , company and the members of
the canal commission for; decision as to
whether ¦ all ; or: any.* of i the ; vessels ; will
be constructed.* The '. probabilities : are
that two ' of I the larger rghipa^i will^ be
Duuu
Continued on Pace 5. Column 1.
CALIFORNIA' INVENTOR AND HIS AIRSHIP, WHICH YESTERDAY MADE A
.. SUCCESSFUL TRIP OF TEN MILES. STARTING FROM THE FAIR GROUNDS
AT ST. LOUIS AND LANDING ACROSS THE RIVER IN ILLINOIS Kt ™ u ""°
_: "Oh, Rebecca, be a good child and
mind your, mamma. Don't blame my
wife for i anything."
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.— Casting the
shadow, of blame upon his wife, who,
he . asserted in . a letter, would "now.
probably be satisfied," J. H.^Nlckerson
of 7433 ; Jackson avenue to-day shot
and— killed himself.' >He : ended his
life because of 4 domestic trouble, jtidg^
ing from a letter found in his posses
sion. The letter says In part:
'"I hope you will prosper, t my dear
wife, whom I loved so dearly,' al
though you have turned against me.
"When you get this I will.be gone. Oh,
Celle, I can't stand everything, "': so
good-by. ' Take care of our poor
child. .
BOY MURDERER
IS SENTENCED
SANTA BARBARA. Oct. 25.— Cut and
bruised and bleeding from head to foot
and with her clothing torn almost com
pletely : off Emma Culbertson. the \ 12
year-old daughter of George Culbert
son, was found lying against a barb
wire fence to-night. In untying a mule
the girl s; had become entangled in the
long line and the beast ran away, drag
ging her more than a quarter of, a mile
over, a rocky road, kicking frantically
at her as she was jerked and -bounced
along, and finally/ turning into an or
chard and to the fence.
The child, who was supposed to be
dead by the horrified spectators, sur
prised them when disentangled; by ris
ing unassisted : and walking home. A
medical examination showed she had a
remarkable escape, no bones being
broken nor internal injuries sustained.
Special Dispatch to >The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHINESE WHO A RE REGISTERED.
Following is a list' of Chinese registered from Chinatown precincts:
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
• FIFTH PRECINCT.
Chong Chew, 29," 804 1» Dupont street.
.-Won . Fong,^ 27,' 929 Jackson ; street.*
. ' Pond Mooar Jee,* 22,' 21 Brenham place.
Kow Leong, . 27, 39 .Washington place.
Yuen Tow Lan, 33. 17 : plaee.
filntr Choy Lee, 24, . 526 - Merchant' street.
Kaw . Leoog. . 26. 14 Washington plaee.
Yuen Kwal Law. 21, 17 Washington plaee.
Walter Uriah Lum, 22, \ 710 Washington at.
Yen Lea Law, 28, 17 Washington place.
Kum Shu Loo, 39. 743 Washington street.
Fook Wong. 43, 710 Washington street-
Ting Wong. 25, 605 Jackson street.
Look Yo*w, 27, .754 Washington street.
- Yee Chin, - 81. 25 Brenham place.
Quong Sing Chum. 21. 742 Washington street.
Toy Dong, 32, 038 Dupont street. .
Hung Ock'Hom. 21 Brenham place.
Sam Hee, • 32, ' 630 " Merchant street.
. Sing June Quonr. 27, 924 Dupont street.
• Kim i Yook : Wong. ' 21 . Brenham place.
FORTY-FOURTH " ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
SIXTH ' PRECINCT.
Poy Lum Chenk, ¦ 24, 1010 Dupont street.
-Gunn Chun, 33. 1106 y% Dupont street.
Yow Ho^Go. 24. 1010 Dupont" street.
Chung Leong, .33. 1012H Dupont street.
-Sue Sam.'. 29.11018 Dupont street.
FORTY-FOURTH . .' ASSEMBLY DISTRICT,
SEVENTH > PRECINCT.
Ganr ¦ Chow, : 28, 1105 Stockton' street. -
• Tom Chlm." 26, 1114 Stockton street.
Henry Yeung Cheung. 37, 805 Washington St.
Ching'Fung. "2. 911 Dupont street.
Sing i Goon. 732 Pacific street.
:- Noon Chen Gon,' 35, 906 Clay street. -
" Gom Gong ' Jucgi 31. 924 Washington street.
Sln:SutsJow. 28.' 1119 Washington street.
, Chew ' Fang Jeaong, 28.' 922 Washington st.
: Hoy;Juens, 36, 1107 Stockton street. •
Look Jue, , 24.- 116 Waverly place.
John , King,- 27, 1125 Stockton street.
Chan Yean sr Lean. 21. 804 Washington street.
Fat Yuen Low. 33. 1119 Stockton street.
J Ick Sam Leong. 2«,^ 926 Clay street. "
John Long. 32, 123 $£ Trenton street.
- Dit , Chow Low. 24. 1222 Stockton street
Sew Loo, 28, 732 Pacific street.
. Gut Leong.,36, : 809 Jackson street.'
You King 27. 32 Ross alley.
Soon • Ark -¦ Le«, ; 25. - 906 Clay , street
Yuen Lum. 21, 1113' Stockton titreet.
' . . Yue Chin Low,- 23. 1218 Stockton street.
'Chung Leong.*- 40.* 1216 Stockton street.
- Gunn : Ng. ¦ 31, 12 Stouts alley.
;Tong Nlgn. SO.^1222 Stockton street. .
-¦¦ Gay j. Poon. 31. 732 • Pacific ¦ street. =
; Sara Quon, : 25/ 116 Waverly place.' • ,
Jake Num ; Won," 37. ' 8P8 Dupont street.'.
..Tuck Wong.- 28, 1112 Stockton street.' .:
: Gunn': Wong.. 34,'. 1220 Stockton street. »
Ling '¦ Wong.-* 21,*? 1114 Stockton street. .
' D. Fook v Wong. 22.- 810 Jackson street.
'-: Chew -Wong, : 25, 912 Stockton street.
Wlng.Wonr, 24, 14 Spofford alley.^aMgHpt
„¦¦ Nim i Young, 1 28. ..709J4 . Jackson street." - ¦
Kam Shuen Yee, 21, -10; Trenton street. >
" ~ Gum ' Chung Yee, ¦ 23. 10 Trenton street.
, Lee Gim, 26, ; 901 , Stockton street '
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
SEVENTH PRECINCT — Continued.
York Sing Ho. 42. 101S Stockton street.
Pong Hee. 25. 1106 Stockton street.
Tor.g Homer,. 22. 82S Dupont street.
Jnp Jang. 27. 1100 Stockton street.
Cheung Jeung, 38, 805 Washington street.
- 8art Geo La. 36. 739 Pacific street. : -'-.:"
, Jack Ewen Low, .30, 721 Jackson strs«t.
King Jno On, 22, 939 Dupont stre«t.
Kim Ping Quan. SO 823 Dupont street.
Lai Tea. 22. 129 Waver ly place.
Sine Guna Young. 32. 901 Stockton street.
rORTT-FOURTH ASSEMBLT * DISTRICT.
NINTH PRECINCT.
Wk Luey, 23. 627 Dapont street.
Ken Louie, 27, 713 Commercial str*«t.
Jack Louis. 24. 715 Commercial street.
¦Wan Kee Louie. 23. 713 Commercial street.
Ang Louie, 24,- 714 Commercial street.
Wai Louie. 21, 710 Sacramento street.
Aug Louie. 24," 714 Commercial street.
Sing Lney, 36. 714 Commercial street.
' Long Low. 32. 7C6 Sacramento street.
Ton Toy. 30. 625 Dupcnt street.
Hoy Tom, 22. 614 Dapont street.
Young Che« Tom, 30. 723 Sacramento street.
EH Tin. 54, 716 Sacramento street.
. Shuck -Wah. 32. 715 Commercial street.
Loung Chang, 21. 806 Sacramento street.
Ben Chong. 24, 809 Stockton street.
Ltn Feng. 22, 616 Dupont street.
Uklah Fong 33, 745 Sacramento strset-
Wal N." Joeng, 38, 803 Clay street.
Doo Louie. 25. 819 Dupont street.
Hok Look. 24. 716 Dupont street.
You R. ' Lee. 21. 73» Commercial street.
- Pon Sing. 29. 714 Dupont street. .
- Juong Glntaer Tim. 29. 731 Clay street.
Pak O. Wand. 33. 749 Clay street.
. Luie Wong, 25. «1R Dupont street.
Hay-Wong. 22. 17 Waverly place.
Pon Yee. 24, 730 Sacramento street. >
Kim S. Yep, 31. «11 Dupont street.
Chuch Jaw. 24. 614 Dupont street.
Ak On Chan. 24. 825 Clay street.
Kueng Chew. 30. 723 Sacramento street.
Soo Lowe Chee. 22. 707 Dupont street.
¦ Yet Chew. 24. 765 Clay street.
WlUlam Benjamin Fan. 46. 523 Kearny sC •
¦ Bllng King Fong, 34. 37 Waverly place.
Wo Leong Fong. 30. 745 Sacramento street.
Kum Chun Fong, 24. 616 Dupont street.
Hook Jang. 23 726 Sacramento street.
Chun Ding Jeng. 25. 722 Sacramento street.
Wing Jew. 38. 704 Dupont street." ... ¦
Hlng Yew Jow/24, 3% Prospect place.
Sun Young Jee. 24. 71 H Commercial street ¦
Quai Lung J»n. 22. 709 Dupont street." ,->--..
; Sun Lai Jee. 23. 71S CommercJal street.
¦ • Blcg King Kwong. 34. 37 Waverly place. -
Tin Tet Le*. 32. IS Prospect place.
Gong Lee. 35. 61S Dupont street.
'Hong Cun» Le*. 24. 614 Dupont strest.
Sin< Lee. 2?. IS Pra>»pect placcWH
Choel Lew, 32. 718rDupont street.
Ell Lee. 26. 718 Sacramento" street.
Nam Lee. 32/723 Sacramento street.' - -r
Kim How . Lee. ¦ 26," 733 Sacramento street. .-<
Fot Louie, 3fl. 715 Commercial street. \mmF\
Man Duck Low. 26. .742 Commerclil street
Slur Louie, 83. 813 Dupont itrvet.
KILLS HIMSELF
TO PLEASE WIFE
MIRACULOUSLY
ESCAPES DEATH
PORTLAND. Oct. 25.— Acting under,
orders issued from the headquarters of
the, Chinese Reform Association' at
Vancouver. B. C, the Portland Chinese
are preparing to cut their queues off
during the New Year's celebration in
February. The order.affects all Chin
ese on the Pacific Coast.- '.•»/•"
Lee Wing/ the well known Interpre
ter, has Just returned L from Vancouver,
where he. has been conferring with the
Jeaders in the reform* movement^: Ac
cording to? hls : <t*»)»*fr^uiivthe'^€Ey. r the
queues ' fall f» word will bei6ent*to't the,
Chinese. The Empress will : be deposed
and the Emperc-r placed on the throne.'
• The queue is; a mark of submission
to the'reigning power and = the reform
ers refuse to submit to the Empress.
They have determined to work through
members now in China to dust the
Empress and place the young and de
posed Emperor, little Quong Suey, on
the throne. The Emperor can be easily
influenced, if this transpires, by the or
ganization, which will then' use' him'- as
afigurehead and a tool, while Yipl Yin,
the head of the association, who Is in
Vancouver, B. C, will be the real ruler
in his position, as Prince Minister, the
A , portion of the plans of the asso
ciation has leaked, out from; members
in San Francisco, while' a few days ago
at Pendleton, ¦ Oregon, additional dis
closures were made.
The" exiled officials, of whom Yip Yin
is one, will be returned to the country
and appointed to official positions of
honor. It will bea.dark day for 'the
present dynasty when this occurs.
What happened 'inServia may be re
peated in, China if all does not go well.
But the reformers deem . even, murder ,
a legitimate'channel' through which to
gain their' ends, "which they announce
will' be: humanitarian and :a'. help T to
civilize ; their •" natir/miT ..> : >*'*• ->'•¦'¦> *¦ .«»¦* «¦ '-*. >;
¦¦\'Tt is -the' .intention",: as "soon,, as ' the
association is in power, to throw China
open to; the world, 1 .' to . make an .effort
to have the United i States repeal- the
exclusion laws, to attempt to gain ad
mission for Chinese young men of: In
telligence In American schools and in
the army and navy schools of instruc
tion in the countries of the world in
order, to advance in efficiency China's
army and navy and prepare the empire
for a commercial revolution. ,-, ¦> '
intention being to influence the Em
peror to promote him to that posi
tion. ... ¦ •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hon. George P. Adams, Registrar of Voters of the City and County of
San Francisco:
Dear Sir- — We are credibly informed that there have been certain people
registered from four lodging-houses in this city who do not reside there and
who are, therefore. Improperly on the great register as qualified voters and
whose names should therefore be canceled therefrom.
There were ten men registered from a certain lodging-house at 54 Sacra
mento street of whom only two resided there.
There' were twenty-three men registered as residing at 641 Commercial
street, whereas. only ten resided there.
There were twenty-six men registered from 631 Sacramento street,
whereas only fifteen resided there.
There were seven, ty-two men registered from 634 Sacramento street,
whereas only fifty-six resided there.
The lists of men who are improperly registered because they do not re
side at these various. lodging- houses are. appended to this letter. Our in
formation comes from the keepers of these lodging-houses. "W^ would, there
fcTe, request you to cite all of those persons whose names appear in these
lists appended to this letter to appear before the Board of Election Commis
$loners l tQ'sho\\* cause >why you should, not .cancel .their, J respective names
from the great register ' in- accordance with theTusuat practice iix 'men cases.
We would also call your attention to the fact that this year there are
one hundred -and' thirty-five Chinese registered ' from the Chinatown pre
cincts and ; that -heretofore the average number of Chinese registered from
these precincts has been about twenty- five. We are credibly informed of
one instance where a Chinese twenty-nine years of age was permitted to be
registered, though he could not read the constitution in the English lan
guage without prompting and to whom the word "voted" proved an insur
mountable stumbling block. /
We also append to this letter a list of the Chinese who are registered
from the Chinatown precincts and would request that you summon them
before you and question such of them as are under thirty-one years of age
upon their ability to read the constitution in the English language and
write their names. If one Chinese be illegally registered who Is unable to
write his name or read the constitution In English, it is probable that there
have been many more illegally admitted to registration.
A duplicate of this letter has been sent to the Board of Election Com
missioners. Tours respectfully.
THE MERCHANTS* ASSOCIATION OF SAN FRANCISCO.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Vice President. L. M. KTNG. Secretary.
NAMES ILLEGALLY BEGISTERED.
Following Is the list of men who are alleged to be illegally registered and
who do not reside at the places from which they registered:
First Precinct, Forty-Fourth District,
54| Sacramento Street.
Age.f Are.
Baker. Edward G. .23 Hamilton. Brer Lut-
Carr, James ..'.... 6o zow 32
Coons, Edward . . ..22 Knudsen. Charles. .. .27
Diegnana. Joseph... ?J Knudaen. Ingebrlght 46
IToyey, John P .49
Fourth Precinct, Forty-Fourth Dis
trict, 64 1 Commercial Street.
Age. Age.
Barry, Patrick ..'. .60 Rupp right, Ernest.. .53
Dwyer, William J..31 Swinler. - James 5t
Gibson. Roger J. . . .28 Stephenson, Frank. .21
Helstan, Jesse C....42 Schaefer. Joseph 45
Healy. John.F 40[ Wells. Griffin 40
Jackson. Joseph 21|KelIett, Nicholas 58
McKenzle. George M.21I
Fourth Precinct, Forty-fourth Dis
trict, 631 Sacramento Street.
Age.f Ag«.
Ellis, Joseph. 44 McXleoI. Henry 4t
Ferguson, Thos. C. .51 Ostb«rj, Peter A... .4.1
Fitches, James 4S Ryan Neil 41
CToole. Patrick 42 Straut. G *t
Ball. John A 42 Wunke. F 32
Jennings, WUIiam. ..2S
Fourth Precinct, Forty-Fourth Dis
trict, 631 Sacramento Street.
Carr. James 53) Phillips. Georja W..33
Cudmore, Michael... SftQulnn, Joseph A.... 49
Hlckey. Thomas 5« Schlnkel. Henry 24
Hackett. Francis J. .38. Gallagher. William.. 3V
Lyons, John F 5."? Hannlsjan. Joseph. ..32
Lamb. James H 42 Reilly. James 2S
Murthe. John J 4»fShaw. Frank... «U»
O'Brien. Sarsfleld...37iSheehan. J 50
Reform Association's Order to Cut Queues
Will Be the Signal for Rebellion.
FATE OF THE DOWAGER EMPRESS
OF CHINA HANGS BY A HAIR
The Merchants Association of San Francisco, in its com
mendable work to promote the purity of elections by exposing
false registration, repeating and ballot-box stuffing, has placet! im
portant information in the hands of the Election Commissioners
and Registrar of Voters. The association has given to the Commis
sioners and the Registrar lists of men who are improperly regis
tered. The names of the falsely registered are noted and the places
of alleged residence are designated.
A list of Chinese registered from the Chinatown precincts is
embodied in the elaborate communication to the board. It is shown
that 135 Chinamen registered this year. Hitherto the average
number was about 25.
It is presumed that the Election Commissioners and the Reg
istrar of Voters will promptly act on the suggestion of the Mer
chants' Association and cause a thorough investigation to be
made, to the end that all false registration may be canceled at
once.
looking every day of his seven i., years,
trotting along in the' rear. It was net
unusual for Mrs. Phillips to appear at
breakfast in a low cut gown, her neck
covered with coral beads and a. light
fichu ; scarf thrown about her shoul
ders. Her dresses ' were such as a
rather dashing young woman would af
fect. High French-heel shoes rounded
out her striking costumes.
O'Connor lay in the Bellevue Hospi
tal" to-day in ; a serious condition from
the effects • of the shot in his neck,'
which he had received in the hallway
of the Phillips home.,
Phillips says O'Connor and not he
fired I the first shot, which the old man
says glanced off a bunch of keys which
he had in. his trousers pocket.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— There are
many. : persons who » were not * greatly
surprised to-day to hear, of the shoot
ing of William M.', O'jConrior, the real
estate broker, by ¦ .Woolf Phillips, \ the
directory publisher, because of the at
tentions which O'Connor had been pay
ing to Mrs.; Phillips.
At; the Kensington at Saratoga
amazement was caused some time ago
at. the sight of Mrs. Phillips, who Is
sixty-two, but tries to appear many
years younger : and ,who dresses j like ' a
debutante, entering the dining-room on
the arm of O'Connor, an athletic young
man of twenty-six, -. with ; . Phillips, a
little old man, dressed in black and
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Aeronaut Retains His Control of the
Balloon Despite Breaking of Motor
Vigilance of Association
Unearths Scheme to Stuff
Barbary Coast Precincts
Man Tvventy-Six Years of Age Is
Seriously Wounded by Publisher
of New York Aged. Seventy
ORGANIZED MERCHANTS
DISCLOSE FRAUD
HUSBAND RESENTS
ATTENTIONS TO HIS
WIFE WITH BULLET
LONG FLIGHT OF BALDWIN AIRSHIP
The San Francisco Call
*AL<?AZAJt— *Th» WJM«ra«is r **
«ad ,tfalU."
CEKJCKA.L ?^* ? P»ui Kauvar."
"«QL]^gIA— "Saa.Toy."
CHUT£S=VaudevlII«.
GRAND- "Artaona."
MAJESTIC — "When W« Wer» Twenty-
One."
ORPHEtTM— VaudevllU. - Matin** to-
TTVOli— 'T5«r Raatelblnder."
-- THE THEATERS.
THE WKATHER.
Forecast made at Saa Francisco {or
thirty hours. t^'T midnight. • Octo
ber 28:
R»™ Francisco «nd vicinity — Cloady
\fei!^dir; light southerly winds.
fV«'w g iT>y to westerly.
X. O. HeADIE.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 14&
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, OCTOBER .26, 1904.Bell In Colusa.
i Drawing pencils^ and papers, drawing
instruments,"; j draughtsmen's .': -supplies,
Inks, sketch-- pads/; oil -colors, -;'drawlng
board s, thumb • tacks, crayons r and - eras
ers; 'always; the T>est. Sanborn, Vail :&
Co.; 741 Market street - : . f ; • . •
Art*. School ' Supplies.
; LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 5. -^-Primaries
for-, the selection of . delegates , to , both
the ; Republican Vf na ¦ Democratic ; city
conventions 'were'- held ] in ' this city; to
day. There was no : contest '': on : the
head of : the /Republican , : . Mayoralty'
ticket anoi-S. :A. Butler., will ;beV the
choice • of the ; convention. .There i was
a Lwarm , contest on Xthe ; Democratic
ticket " between .: Mayor" M.V P.".;Snyder
and Edward Kern,' the former winning
out'by probably 3 to XV ; ,ri ; ' ' ov
SXYDER 1¥IXS j, AT PRIMARIES.
fiijecial to Ban Francisco Call. . ; v
ST. LOUIS/ Mo., Oct. 25.— The Gillette
Sales Co., Chicago, was awarded .gold
medal • at fair for ;. beauty, " safety ~r, and
practical shaving qualities of their safe
ty raxor.Y It- has by far the largest' sale
of any .- in the < world. ¦'/¦. • ;.* :
Gillette Safety Razor \Vins.
.SANTA CRUZ. ..Oct. 25. — The trial of
Thotnau J. Laws .-on a charge of • murdering
Eliscn Wright -on the night of. July 30 last
was co-nmenced' here to-day. The crime was
committed on Laws' ranch . a few mile* from
Boulder; Creek. # Wrtght' wan an employe of
the defendant. ' .¦ ¦ • i
TACOMA,, Oct. 25.— The chief issue
in the .present warm State campaign
has been "by" 1500 lumber
manufacturers '.and dealers of Puget
Sound," who ; are determined ¦ to ; leave
nothing undone toward securing an
extension ; of the 40-cent lumber rate
to - Nebraska, Kansas. South Dakota
and t other Missouri River, points. The
rate of ; 40: cents per hundred, pounds
now applies only to • St. Paul." The
rate is*50 .'cents to Omaha, which-- is
only "a .mile farther from Portland,
where the Hill and Harrlman lines
joln:t, : : ¦¦ - .-..¦.-'•,. ¦;.¦¦; - ¦-¦ ¦.;.-"-: .; :
>-The opposition; of \the- lumbermen
applies equally, to both systems because
last summer they rejected their request
for a lowering of the | ratel in! the ¦. ter-"
ritory ; named. Lumbermen J are i ac
cordingly pledging : the holdover.' Sena
tors and t all-- candidates [, f or -:the
Legislature, tt5 !all • measures which ,will
secure a 40-cent 'rate .to ! the J Missouri
River, v?: Candidates^ are -signing ' the
pledge; in-numbers.*\. "....,-¦ "- '
-The ; Northwest ./ lumber .** industries
pay annually, in wages $4 7, 00 0,0 00, be-"
sides i freights? of^$22,000,000;^ the lat
ter,; forming 1 : mores* than\; one-third > of
the" gross earnings of the Great ' North
ern" and ; Northern : [ Pacific , last " year.\ ;
IjUMBERMEX IN POLITICS.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 25.— The
local marching} club, the clubs from
Redlands and Riverside, the gun • club
of Redlands and the Army and 'Navy
League of this valley held a rally here
to-night that was pronounced the'most
enthusiastic of campaign. T. C.
Seymour was chairman. The
ers were : Professor Locke, candidate
for the State Senate; . General Pres
cott. nominee for the Assembly; 87 C.
Smith, Congressional nominee from
the Eighth District, and Congressman
McLachlan. ' Congressman McLachlan
was greeted with cheers when he arose
to speak. He reviewed the history of
the Republican party and urged the
/voters ; to remember what it had ¦ done;
He closed with a stirring .tribute^ to
President . Roosevelt that brought the
audience to its feet..
San Bernardino, Redlands and River-
Bide Hold- Joint Rally.
V A • number of .delegates made short
impromptu; speeches; , reviewinK the
work accomplished in the way of in
dustrial and commercial advancement
in the Western States.^The congress
then adjourned .umll \ to-morrow morn-
Alexander H. •,. Re veil of Chicago
spoke on the subject, "A Single Six-
Year PreBidential* Term." \le favored
a change from the present four-year
system. '^SHRWVadRB
ST. -LOUIS, Oct. 25.— Eight hundred
delegates to the Trans- Mississippi Com
mercial Congress assembled to-day in
Congress Hall on the World's Fair
grounds. During the sessions, which
will' continue through Saturday, mat
ters of importance to residents of -the
trans-Mississfppi -region will be dis
cussed, such as "Irrigation," "Good
Roads," "River [ Navigation" and "In
terstate Commerce Laws." - ¦
Previous to the opening of the session
a meeting of the executive < committee
was held, at which It was decided
to limit. the report of the committee on
resolutions * to S00 words. It was also
decided to hold only 'one session dally.
The meeting was called ' to order by
the chairman of the executive commit
tee, Thomas Richardson of Portland.
Or., who introduced B. C. Kerens of St.
Louis. Kerens, in the course of his re
marks, said: .
The Trans-Mississippi Congress has given con
sideration and suggested and carried through
amendments to mining .. laws; - has . promoted
the establishment of national ¦ parks, - has
sought the better protection of the forestry
on the public domain, and has labored : Cor
the many harbor* of refuge and commerce on
the vast extent - of coast line on the Paelflo
Etates,« where over 2000 - mile* - of the Pacific
Ocean washes the shores of California, Ore
con and Washington. . , . : ; . . < -.-..
Much yt\ remains • to be accomplished. As
tb« United States continues' to expand and
Jncrcsto in population, necessary ¦ legislation
and Improvements, as well as public policies,
will become apparent. Many subjects of na
tional importance will be brought forward In
the present session. Discussion of every ejib-
Ject Is the best mode of arriving at a correct
decision. , .
ENTHUSIASM IN SOUTH. ,
Trans-Mssissippi Congress
Delegates Gather at St.
Louis for Annual Session
¦ i The o/Hcer answered yes.
"Well then," retorted Masser,."if you
find a horse or a wagon or anything
it's yours, isn't it?"
REDDING, Oct." 25. — Before the
grated windows in a padded cell in the
hisane ward at the County Jail stands
P. Masaer, an Italian fruit peddler,
vith clasped hands raised in suppli
cation. He labors under the very
strange hallucination that what he
finds is his; no matter what it is or in
whose possession s it- is. He says he
has orders to that effect from heaven.
It.ls.a sort of a religious belief of
his and-,he has not hesitated to live 1 up
to his belief. Monday in Cottonwood
he saw a delivery horse belonging to
G.' H. Butterway standing in front of
a store. Masser's belief was" so strong
that he jumped down from his wagon
s*;at'and; took the horse. He found it.
he said, "and therefore it belonged to
him., ; "If you find a mine it's yours,
isn't it?"- he said to the officer who ar
rested him. ~
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEET TO BUILD
UP THE WEST
QUEER VAGARY
OF INSANE MAN
NEW YORJC Oct. 25. — Of the first
batch of 10,000 names examined by
George Morgan, State Superintendent
of Elections, in his search for fraudu
lent cases of registration, 1500 have
been discovered, where his deputies
in their personal canvass were told on
the premises specified that the persons
named were not known there. Mor
gan made this statement to-night,
adding that the figures came only from
the lower districts of the city, and
that if the proportion was maintained
throughout the evidences of fraud
would be enormous. •
SAN JOSE, Oct 25.— There was a
big political demonstration at May
field in honor of E. A. Hayes, the Re
publican nominee for Congress in this
district to-night. It was the largest
political' gathering ever held in* the
town, and there was an abundance of
enthusiasm. A band concert and nu
merous bonfires enthused the .crowd
before the meeting. Ralph McComish,
president of the Mayfleld Republican
Club, presided.
E. A. Hayes delivered'a stirring ad
dress, dealing with "the tariff and the
issues raised by the national platform*.
He urged the -election of the entire
Republican ticket. This was neces
sary, he said, to insure the carrying
out of the policy advocated by " Mc-
Kinley and now being put in force
by Roosevelt. Hayes said a Republi
can Congressman would be able to ac
complish more at Washington than a
Democratic one, and he promised- if
elected to- work for the interests of
California and the citizens of the San
ta Clara valley. Hayes was we'll re
ceived and he was frequently . ap
plauded.
The other speakers were: Major
Kyle of San Francisco, Edward Distel
of San Jose, Fayette Mitchelltree, can
didate for the Assembly in the Fifty
seventh District, and F. E. Mitchell,
candidate for Supervisor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Voters of Mayfleld
Are Out for Hayes
Is there ar.y connection between Judge Park
er's abandonment of bis futile common-law
panae«a, which meant Immunity to the trusts,
«ad the fact, as be alleges, that the trusts
contribute to the success of the Republican
Within the past few days Mr. Cleveland In &
public rpeech criticised the Republican "party
lor not •'running- amuck" In the business In
terests of the country, which means that he
criticizes the President for not dashing wildly
at everything in eight and dMtrcylng the
Fu'.lty and innocent alike; while Judge Parker
only yesterday bewailed the fact that corpora
tions are permitted to \lolate the law and that
they are contributing to the Republican cause.
What can be the reason for this change of
front? Mr. Cleveland, on March 17, l»Oi, not
withstasding the decree of the Circuit Court
pronouncing the "beef trust" unlawful, said
It was not within the prohibition of the law,
thus throwing the weight of his opinion In fa
vor of the beef trust and against the United
States at a time when the case was pending
and undecided In the highest court, while on
October 21, 1904, he Inferential ly demanded
that all Incorporated business .should be wan
tonly ascalled. - '« ' • A
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— Senator P.
C. Knox, who was recently Attorney
General under-President Roosevelt, to
night issued a statement in answer to
Mr. Parker's speech on trusts and for
mer President Cleveland's remarks on
the same topic Knox says:
Corn-ids the Sage of Esopus of the
Veriest Hypocrisy.
Colonization frauds
in Greater New York
After the meeting closed a man who
said he had voted the Democratic
ticket for forty years shook hands with
Needham and Perkins and said he was
going to vote a straight Republican
ticket this year.
T .,.".You knocked holes in the Demo
cratic platform," he said to Needham,
"big enough to drive my. wagon
through/and I guess I'll get in with
the party that is doing things.".
Senator Perkins paid a great tribute
to Needham's ability and standing in
Congress, and enjoined his hearers to
remember the great good already done
the Sixth. District by Needham. "His
value," said~ Perkins, "will be ! greatly
enhanced by his re-election." Continu
ing Perkins appealed to the young men
to place themselves in the ranks of
the party representing progress and
prosperity. , .. •
¦ v Senatorial candidate Lynch and . As
sembly, candidate Cooper made strong
speeches.
Monterey County Republicans confi
dently expect a majority for the ticket
of more than double that of two years
ago, -although the total registration in
the -county has fallen off. The large
losses, however, are in Democratic dis
tricts. *,The Republican , strongholds
have a greater registration than usual.
/This afternoon Perkins, Needham
arid party visited the town of Spreck-r
els, four miles from -here. Their stay
was short and no speeches were made,
but the visit to' the, great sugar refin
ery'aroused as much enthusiasm
among 'the employes, N many of whom
left their work long enough ' to shake
hands with the visitors. > ', •." ¦:.¦.•":
* SALINAS, Oct. 25.— Congressman
Needham was accorded a, great recep
tion here to-night. -Shortly after dark
great bonfires were, lighted : on the
principal streets and for fully an hour
before the meeting there was a con
tinuous display of pyrotechnics in the
vicinty of the large pavilion where
the meeting was held, j Senator Per
kins divided the honors with Congress
man Needham,, each making a strong
speech.
Needham talked nearly an hour and
a half on the insular and isthmian pol
icies of President Roosevelt. He was
frequently interrupted by prolonged
applause. . His attack upon the Demo
cratic platform and Judge Parker's
letter of acceptance and speeches kept
the audience -in" laughter for some
time. . • -
SALINAS GIVES GREETING
TO PERKINS AND NEEDHAM
Willows, candidate for' the Assembly,
made a short address, and Congress
man Bell was then introduced. Bell
was greeted with prolonged cheers. /
Hayes Club Organizes.
The Hayes • Club of the Thirty
eighth Assembly District has been or
ganized with headquarters at 605
Golden Gate avenue. Following are
the officers and committees:
Max Goldberg, president; John T. Noure*.
vice president; George S. Gould, secretary; M.
"W. Mclntosh, treasurer; M. Tledemann Jr.,
sergeant at arms. •
: Campaign committee — Charles C. Morris,
James C. Bourbln, John T. Nourse.
Executive committee — I. B. Dalzlel, E."H.
Algeltlnger. George Tantau, D. A. Ryan, Hen
ry . Abraham , Jr. , Frank, Robb. I. Goldman,
Joseph Mann, Charles P. McCarthy, J. Sam
uels. I. Golden.
Canvaselng committee — Frank Grimes. Louis
Bernstein, A. Van der Naillen Jr., A. A. Fried
lander, J. I. Stephen. . Peter Nielsen, K. P.
Barrett, I. M. Levinson, John Plath, Charles
Rhine. Morris Goldtree. Levl Kaplan, J. J.
Conlon, Joseph Moore, Jesse Mayer.
In addition to the meeting here
Bryan made addresses' at seven towns
in -the State to-day and will make a
number of speeches in Indiana: to
morrow^fcll the' 'meetings to-day were
well attende-dV-'-^— ~" -~ t
The election of a Democratic ticket will
hasten every reform by removing overshadow
ing Issues. A Republican election will delay
all reforms because a Republican victory will
not only continue the .issues that are now
absorbing attention but may add new ones
unsuspected.
SOUTH BEND, Ind., Oct. 25. — Wil
liam J. Bryan addressed a' large meet
ing in front of the City Hall here to
night. Bryan spoke of reforms that
were needed by the Government and
declared them to be vital issues of
the v campaign, and said:
Slakes Eight Speeches in Indiana,
Ending at South Bend.
BRYAN TALKS OF REFORMS.
Francisco by a plurality approximating
10,000. . In that memorable campaign
San- Francisco won the historic
banner, a .trophy which goes
to the county giving the largest majority
in a .'general election to' the "head of
the Republican ticket. The banner was
taken to Los Angeles in 1902 and is
there for a long time, as Los Angeles
the south that, the banner /will stay
there * for a long time as Los Angeles
County promises "to give Roosevelt 15,
000 plurality on November 8. It is gos
sip in air the political camps that San
•Francisco will -give the head of the
national ticket a splendid majority, but
the most enthusiastic champions of the
President on the peninsula do not ven
ture to predict a plurality of 15,000.
All signs, however, point to a great Re
publican victory in the State. . ?
SOLID DELEGATION.
; A solid Republican delegation to Con
gress now seems assured. The Demo
crats are putting up fights in the First,
Second, Fifth and Sixth districts. At
the outset the State Central Committee
'was inclined to regard the Second Dis
trict as the one exposed to the greatest
danger on account of a "subterranean"
campaign on the part , of the Demo
crats, but late advices from the several
precincts of each county of the great
district convince the Republican cam
paign managers that McKinlay will be
elected by a majority of 2000.
The most gratifying intelligence at
party headquarters comes from the
Democratic counties of Mendocino,
jTolo, Lake, Glenn and Colusa. The
Republicans are exceedingly active and
vigilant in the Democratic strongholds
and are bringing into the camp of
prosperity many voters who formerly
trained in' the Democratic ranks.
It is gossip in political camps that a
Bell expedition was recently organized
in Sacramento for a still hunt in San
Francisco for stories'to be used against
Duncan E. McKinlay at the finish of
the campaign. The still " hunters are
an the scent of an oil stock story which
has been* peddled around the San Fran
cisco newspaper offices and everywhere
rejected. "
•In regard to the legislation in Con
gress for the building of a steel collier
at Mare Island Navy. Yard, Hon. Victor
H. Metcalf , of President Roosevelt's
Cabinet wires this to General
George Stone,"" chairman of "the Repub
lican State Central' Committee: ''¦¦••' .
"WASHINGTON, d! C, Oct. 25,1904.
"Congressional Record I shows ;that
Perkins obtained the amendment in the
Senate. VICTOR H. METCALF." '
"When the foregoing " telegram was
shown to prominent Republicans : last
night the remark was made: "The sup
porters of Bell who have been attack
ing Senato.r Perkins will now turn and
attack Mr. Metcalf."
« REPUBLICAN RALLIES, v.
There will be two Republican rallies
in San Francisco to-night, one in the
Fourth and the other in the Fifth Con
gressional District. The meeting in the!
Twenty-eighth Assembly - District at
Occidental Hall, on' Third street near
' Howard, which was at first scheduled
to take place Monday evening, October
.24, was postponed until to-night. Fail
ure to engage the hall rendered the post
ponement necessary.? The list of speak
ers, however, remains unchanged. Ju
lius Kahn, the party's standard-bearer
for Congress in the Fourth District ;
F. A. Markey, nominee for State Sen
ator, Seventeenth District, and William
Mindham, candidate for the Assembly,"
Twenty-eighth-.DIstrict, will address the
people. The meeting will be held un
der the ¦ auspices of the Republican
State Central Committee.' .. ¦
At Phelps Hall, 317 Devisadero street,
there will be- a rally to-night of the
Republicans of the Thirty-seventh As
sembly District. E.- A. Hayes, nominee
for Congress, Fifth District, will speak
to the voters. F. C. Jones, "nominee for
the Assembly, and Senator E. I. Wolfe,
candidate for re-election in the Twen
ty-first Senatorial District, will also ad
dress the meeting. The Thirty-seyenth
Assembly District is relied on to give
the Republican ticket a magnificent
majority. . »
Four years ago McKinley carried San
KXOX FLAYS PARKER.
I heard Mr. Cortelyou say to the President
on' his last visit to Washington: "Mr. Presi
dent, I firmly believe you will be elected. If
>od ar*. I can say here and now that you
will' take office Without a promise of any
kind to any man having been made by any
member of the national committee."
'In view of Parker's instructions at
the opening of the campaign that there
should be no attacks of a personal
character upon the President, the lat
ter'e friends are astounded at the tone
of this speech. They look upon it as a
sharp attack on the personnel of the
present administration from Mr.
Roosevelt down, and the integrity of
his campaign managers.
A member of the cabinet whose per-
EonaJ and political relations with the
President are closer than* those of any
other member since the retirement of
Root made, answer to-day to Parker's
charges. -He is so intimate with the
President that when he talks of mat
ters of this kind it may. fairly be as
sumed that he speaks directly from Mr.
Roosevelt. In a statement to The Call
correspondent he said:
Parker's speech has certainfy lowered the
character of his campaign, especially in view
of his earlier utterance. By a curious coin
cidence 1 notice In last night's evening papers.
Fide by side with Parker's Esopus speech, a
lilain statement, which has not yet been de
nied, that th« Democratic campaign fund has
within & week been largely Increased by con
tributions from trusts, the most important of
which is generally supposed to be the Standard
OH Company.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, Oct. • 25. — President
Koosevelt's friends here, both in and
out of the administration, do not hesi
tate to openly express surprise at what
they call the "unworthy character of
Judge Parker's campaign against the
administration." Vigorous comment is
made on Parker's speech at Esopus
yesterday, in which he charged that
officers under the present administra
tion were appointed at the dictation of
great combinations of capital and that
trust contributions to Roosevelt's cam
paign fund were nothing less than a
direct purchase of immunity.
When Mr. Hill last April In the State con
vention which put Judge Parker forward for
the Presidential nomination declared that the
trusts should be regulated by the State and
not by the nation and when. Judge Parker
himself declared that the common law was
sufficient for their regulation, knowing full
well that this meant the abandonment of
every effort to regulate them by the Federal
Government, Mr. Hill and Judge Parker were
bidding for the support of the great corpora
tions and bidding for. this support with reck
less disregard of the interests of the public.
Now, as a last despairing effort, he inveighs
against them and seeks to obtain votes by
thus attacking them In a manner utterly un
worthy of the candidate of a great party for
the high office of President.
Judge Parker's statement In yesterday •
speech that the President and the trusts com
bined in an effort to "satisfy the country
that trusts were opposed to the present ad
ministration" Is simply preposterous and
smacks of the rashness of desperation.
Intimate associates and v supporter*, the men
who conducted his campaign for the nomina
tion and . who are now conducting the cam
paign for his election, represent these very
corporations which he affects to denounce, or
else owe their political strength solely to
the contributions they have received from them
in the past and expect to ! receive from them
In thn future.
Again, Judge Parker eays: "Political con
tributions by co/poratlons and' trusts mean
corruption. They cannot be honest. A cor
poration will subscribe to a political party only
because the corporation expects that party,
through its control of public officers, executive
or legislative, to do something for the benefit
of the corporation, or to refrain from doing
something to its Injury. No other motive
can be imagined; that In the nature of things
no other motive can exist."
It is astonishing that Judge Parker should
have the temerity to say this when his own
Again, Judge Parker speaks of the campaign
contributions by great corporations. He states
that some of the enterprises which have un
duly thfived through favoritism have become
eo rich and strong that they can and do con
tribute vast sums when It is made clear that
It will be advantageous to them. Judge Par
ker Is describing precisely and exactly the
6ources which gave Tammany Hall its strength
and the cutting on* of which In the pres
ent election would remove every chance of his
carrying New York State. There Is not an
honest man In political life who does not
know that this is the case and knows that
Judge Parker is seeking to be the beneficiary
ofl the very methods which he affects to de
nounce.
It is astounding that Judge Parker should
be willing to challenge the comparison which
thl« statement inevitably calls out. When
Judge Parker last actively participated In pol
itics oft the bench he was chairman . of the
New York State Democratic Committee, which
elected David B. Hill as Governor. He was
a cog in the Hill machine.' There have never
been in our political history methods more
debasing and corrupt than those of the Hill
machine In New York, and they culminated
In the steal of the State by frauds and the
overthrow of the Hill machine In consequence.
This was the machine which Mr. Parker ran
until, as a reward for running It. he was
made a Judge by Hill, and these are the meth
ods he deoloree. - •»
Judge Parker. In his speech on Monday, also
*aid: "Many years have passed since my act
ive participation in politics. In the meantime
a startling change has taken place in the
method of conducting campaigns; a change not
for the better, but for the worse; a change
that has introduced debasing and corrupt meth
ods which threaten the Integrity of our Gov
ernment."
party? Do the principles of law which Mr.
Cleveland thought last March protected manu
facturing monopolies change In October, and It
so, Coes the change affect the Belmont trusts
or only thoce which are suspected of seeing In
the perpetuation of Republican administration
the continued general prosperity of the coun-
•"i beard Mr. Cortelyou say to the President on his last visit to Washington : 'Mr. President,
I firmly believe you will be elected. If you are I can say here and now that you will take office with
out -a promise of any kind to any man having been made by the national committee.' " — Statement
bv a member of President Roosevelt's Cabinet. S
Special Dispatch to The -Call.
Secretary Metealf Wires That Per
kins Won the Gbllier.
Chairman Cortelyou Informs His Chief That No
Promises of Any Kind Have Been
Made by National Committee, -v
Julius Kahn and b A. Hayes
Democratic Nominee's Mud-Throwing Campaign
Wins Only the Condemnation of Fair-
Minded American Citizens.
Parker's Attacks on President and Cabinet Help Roosevelt
REPUBLICAN RALLIES
IN THE CITY TO-NIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALUgWEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26, 190*.
AUBURN,. Oct; 25.— Engineer -Lente. was
badly burned ' about the ' head : and face at - the
Auburn station ¦ last . evening. ¦ He was ¦ light
ing the acetylene light on his engine >. when j it
exploded. .The Injured man was taken to
?b« Railroad Hospital ' at Sacramento.' '
• COLUSA, i Oct. • \ 2 5.— The ' Theodore
Bell rally i held - here -to-night 1 was 'the
largest ; political (meeting | held! here { for,
years. " i The * theater." where i' the ?. meet-j
ing :was held ;was packed. B.\ Gels of <
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All Humors
Are Impure matters which the skin,' liv-
er, kidneys and/ other brga/is, can not
take careof without help,'- there is such
an accumulation of them ,
They litter the whole system.
Pimples, bolls, eczema and other
eruptions, loss of 1 appetite, that tired
feeling,. bilious turns, fits of Indigestion,
dull headaches arii ; many '.others trou-
bles are due. to them.
'Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Remove allt humors, overcome all their
effects, strengthen, tone and Invigorate
v '," Testimonial*; of remarkable 'cures mailed, on
5 req«~e«t. - C. ' I. < HOOD < CO.,", Lowell, v Muss.
ADVEJtTISE^IEXTS.
WHY APPENDICITIS?
•
VThs Is appendicitis so common to-
day?
Because we have got into the per-
nicious habit of eating too fast.
Dr. Curtis, the great authority on
this disease, says: "Appendicitis of-
ten follows the eating of a very hasty,
or particularly large or indigestible
meaL" ,
After carelessly following a foolish
custom you can insure your safety by
taking Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
It Is an accepted, scientific truth,
which admits of no dispute, that If
you will only keep ydur digestive ap-.
paratus In good order you will never
suffer from this dread disease, which,
at best, means a weakening operation,
with long weeks wasted In bed and
big doctor's and surgeon's bills to pay
as souvenirs.
Keep your appendix in health by
the proper use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets whenever you have laid your-
self open to danger by overeating and
upon the least sign of stomach or in-
testinal trouble, for otherwise, at any
time, this dangerous disease may lay
you low.
The curative influence of this great
medicine Is quickly shown in the gen-
tle, soothing effect It has on all in-
flamed, conditions of any part of the
digestive tract.
' Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets tone all
these parts up to a proper condition
of perfect health and regulate their
functions into a proper working state.
They also make away with all, the
causes of Irritation, Inflammation or
indigestion by helping to dissolve, di-
gest and assimilate or. put to proper.
use all the food which is lying around
in odd corners of your, digestive ap-
paratus, fermenting, rotting and
curdling, like so much garbage in a
dirty sink.
In these natural and perfectly sim-
ple ways' Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
restore all sufferers from" any form of
dyspeptic trouble to health.'
They are safe and reliable. . They
never fail to" relieve and cure quickly
end permanently. «.
• Use them and you need never .worry
about your appendix vermif or mix. j- • .
- OCEAN TRAVEL.
vtf»r"«- r>N s. Steamers lssw* Broadway
/^VvJ^-SCwv wharves (piers a and IU»
J£ff >&r\ San FraacUoo:
IKfmgf »to YM For Ketcblkas. "Wnnx*!,
I 1 \^Tytv\ I I Juneau, Treadwslls, Halnes.
I V \1fekAl I Bkanray. etc.. Alaska— tl
Vs*. y^^Vttl •• m - O*ot>w 12. IT. iX tT.
vi^sji yCi/ *>'ot. L Chanar» to Xbi» eonv-
NKa^r^W/ pany*s steamers at Seattle.
For- Victoria, Vanoowrw.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Kvemt.
South Belllnghani, Belllnyham — 11 a. m.. Oct.
12. 17. 22. 27. Nor. 1. Chan** at Seattle to
this company's steamer* for Alaska aad O. N.
Ry.; at Seattle or Ttcom* to N. P. Ky.; at
Vancouver to C. P. By.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:M
p. m., October 13. 19, 25, 31. Mot. «. Corona,
1:30 p. m., October 4. 10. IS. 23. 28. Nor. 3.
For Los Anxele* (via Port Loa Aa«l«i aad
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays. » a. m.
State of California, Thursday*, * a. a.
For Los Anseles (via San Pedro aad But
Ban Pedro), Santa Barbara. Saata Crus. Moa-
terey. San Simeon. Cajrucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura aad Huaaama.
Bonlta, 9 a. m., October 14. 22. 30, If or. T.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m., October 10. 13. 29. Nor. «.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Saa JoaaAsJ
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax, Baata Ro-
salts. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7tl» aaeh bis.
For further Information obtain folder. Rlsat
Is reserved to chance steamers or salltnt datsa.
TXCKBT O7TZCS8 — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Pmla.ee Hotel). 10 Market sc.and Broad-
way wharves. Trelffbt Oflce 10 Market st.
C D DUNANN*. General Pujenfrt Afsnt.
10 Market Bt.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Trantfer Co.. 20 Stttter it. wtn
call for and check bajrga*;* from hotels aa4
residences. Telephone Etchang* 8131
oceanics.sxo. s."a
V VVUIJlV4Jw«J-^W» 0|M0J y,, B MMBfc
SS. ALAMEDA, for nonoluln. Oct. 29. U a.m.
S v S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auc*-
"land, and Sydney, Thursday, Nov. 10, 2 p. ra.
S S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Nor. 23. 11 a. m.
. J.D.SMCXELS&BSOS. Ctt. izO..Tiast0fllC8tOXir-
isL rmmt oica 329 icarnt si, m 7, nmz 11
; C0M7AQNIX eiHXXALI TBaHSATLAHTIQin.
DIB-ECT JuINBTO HAVRU-PAB1S
£<JUnc every Thursday Instead of •iffiHSra
Eaturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier *X *&***&
North River, foot of Morton st.
rtnt class to Havre. {70 and upward. 8s*>
end cl»" to Havre. $40 and upward. <MW-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AJCD
CANADA.* S3 Broadway (Hudson btUldtas).
New York. J. F. FXJOAZI A CO.. Pactfl* Coast
Axents. ft Mont t ornery avenue. 8aa-7raaci*ea»
Tlcketa sold by all Railroad Ticket Ageata
TO U.S. KAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
]STEAMEB ItT CORCORAN
Leaves 8. F., Clay st.. N end of Farry tlOt-
dally 9:30 a. ra.. 3 and . t p. nv Sundays.
8:30 a. ra.. S p. m.. leave Vallejo dally 9:M
a. m.. 12:20 and 8:-"W> p. m, Sundays S p. «•
Fare 28e. P. A. a Co,, ,Phon« Mala *4t
•Saiurd»y» rxcepted. t .
Pox V. S. WaTy Taxd aad VaDaJft;
Sirs. General FrlsBle, Montlcello and Arrow.
8:45 a.m.. 12:80 p.m.. 3:13 p.m.. « p.n"u. a:S» *
tas Leave Ban Francisco Sundays 8:ia a-m..
12:30 p.m.. t « p.m.. 8:30 pm. Leave ValUM '
• .m., fta.m., 12:30 p.m.. »: 15 p.m.. «p.n^saa-
4ays,.7.a.m.. 9 a.m.. a:2O pm.. a P-- m A, T p l t or5
¦ tx .Mjwtoit »t.: ?h..n«- Matn 1M>* HATOIPB^
¦ ' PAIXE'S CELERY COMPpCXlX. -„-„-„- nrr
,,*~:\\ -x
G&ORGC w, , D AVR£N«
r-v • ¦ • ¦'•:\n;.- ¦. -
The "Nervous" Condition.
The term "nervous" is a broad term used to
denote a diseased condition of the nerves that if
very common. The disease is a debility or weak-
ness that affects especially the nervous system.
There may be no well-defined trouble, yet those
who suffer with nervousness will complain of
many things, mental depression, inability to rest
well, twitching, aching limbs, and hundreds of
nervous disorders. Sleep is not refreshing and
the patient wakes up tired. Although the lungs,
heart, liver and kidneys are sound, yet th««
seems to be serious disease in these vital organs,
and sufferers with weak nerves feel that all that
physical powers are failing.
Nervousness is wholly the result of wear and
tear of the neivous system, caused by Irregular
habits, long-continued anxiety or worry, too great
business responsibility, and any cause which tends
to diminish the vigor of the body.
The beautiful delicacy ef the nervous system
can be appreciated when it « considered that* the
nerve fibres do not exceed one-fifteen-htmdredtb
of an inch in. diameter.
Each of these nerve fibres proceeds from the
nerve centre with which it is connected, to the
point at which it terminates, without uniting with
any other.
So delicate is the structure and so intimately
associated are .its parts, that the nervous system
can be deranged easily, and diseased or weakened..
-Often sufferers from nervousness do rfgV
realize that their nerves need nourishing
•rid strengthening. They wait and hope
until the condition Is of long standing be-
fore acting. Here .Is a case In point.
Brooklyn, N. Y., Aug. 2, 1904^--lt affords
me pleasure to voice my appreciation of
Paine's Celery Compound, as I think It a,
truly wonderful remedy. It cured" me of
nervousness and stomach trouble of long
standing when alt other remedies failed.*.
—Geo. W. Davren, 6401 Fifth Ave.
Victims of nervousness— those whose very'Ufe
hangs heavy on their hands, depressed by their
-existence, -or borne down by stress of overwork;
Paine's Celery Compound stands ready to build
» the nerves back to their healthy 'condition — to put
an end to sleeplessness, and to drive away every
ache and pain.
Two days' treatment with Paine's Celery Com-*
pound will give proof of its marvelops powers.
For 17 years this famous prescription has been
the most universally, used tonic in the world. It
has stood the test of time. Physicians constantly
use and prescribe it. No prescription has ever
been formulated that equaled it in curative power.
Remember this,— Paine's Celery Compound is
the prescription of one of the most famous physi-
cians this country ha/ ever known, and all repu-
table Druggists sell and recommend it.»*
\ WELLS, RICHARDSON * CO.,^
BURLINGTON. VERMONT*
ADV^TISE>rEyTS.
The 1 PEN that
Fills Itself
Simply Pre.v <-hc^^^^
JOT Self-Filling
yF pen
Is the only prn that dees not dirty the
fingers. ' either in : filling It or in writing
with It. — It feeds evenly and Is always
ready. Try one. |3.C0 up.
SPECIAL OPPEU.
A line of fine, white, linen laid No. 5
envelope* Regular price COc a box, re-
duced to 25c. '¦¦¦'
'KODAK PRINTING AND DEVELOP-
• ING at cut prices. Developing,' roll of six'
10c, roll of twelve 15c: printing. Velox
finish 3c to 6c, Solio finish 3c to 5c. '
All popular sizes of ANSCO CAMERAS,
$2 up.
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS, all popu-
lar 'sizes at popular prices.
CTKO Photo Paper slves fine detail and
effects. Try It.
Mall Orders Promptly Attended T*. -
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, th. Stationer.
.1008 MARKET STKEET. Odd. Fifth.
SAN FRANCISCO. '
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
k S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
¦tor and Nervlne.~i9ipeB943SWptggHS
The most -wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
¦ The Mexican - Remedy for Diseases of • the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
328 Market at., S. "F.— (Send for Circulars.)
C^ 1 B A B 0^1 Ammunition. Hunting and
¦ "llnBJL Sporting Goods. Largest
Inl g BIN * Itcclc. Lowest prices. Send
MHO SSnil for catalogue.
W 1 « «gf SHRKVE & BARBER CO..
-,.'-.-¦. 730. Market st. and iZl
. . ¦ Kearny st. '
Schools and Colleges.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE --OF." THE
• . • •«, r ¦-, ....WEST.- :. ¦¦• . ., *.. .
.'. .-.' ', - : Over 24 ' Post - st.\ - San Francisco, CaL
Estab.' 40 years.- O|»en entire year, day It night
• Write for circulars (free).Queen's Gift to Victims' Families.'
-.LONDON, Oct % 25.—Queen;Alexan
dfat.to-day'.^sent, a donation" oi $500 to
the 5 families,' of the „: victims .of the
North ! Sea affair. " '
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25. The
board of officers convened at the Pre
sidio at San Francisco by special or
ders No. 159 July 8 for N examination
of officers ordered before it to deter
mine their-fltness for promotion is
dissolved. ; First Class Private Thomas
F. Smith of the hospital corps, now at
San Francisco) will report; to the'eom
manding officer 'of the army general
hospital at the Presidio for duty in
stead of returning to the Philippines
division, ¦< as directed in the orders
from . Fort Leavenworth, Kans. . First
Class Sergeant 'August Zerbin of the
hospital corps. Fort D. A". Russell,
Wyo.. will, be sent without' delay: to
the Presidio jat.San:Francisco, - report
ing on-his arrival to the ;commanding
officer- of Company ' B, hospital - corps,'
who will; send him > to 'Manila on the
transport; sailing "from :s.an . Francisco
about November il.,-.. First
James G.' Taylor,.; recently » promoted
from: Second r>. Lieutenant,; -.Thirteenth
Infantry^ is assigned to the' Eighteenth
Infantry.' i Lieutenant -Taylor * will* re
main » onf duty ' at ,'Alcatrat island- un
til orders. "'; > : r ¦"''¦--.::
Army Orders.
Steamship^trikes_FloatinK Mine.
: CHEFU, ;:OctT r 26:— The steamship
KashingTstruck ; a floating; minej north
of , ! Alceste e Island';/ at \ midnight ;',. last
night.* .Two : Chinese were Skilled and
three were , The ; Kashing
reached^Weihaiwei; to-day.*; -,r- V- '-
, Couldn't . stop ' .."Locomotive s Jones'* t '.<And
you' 11 f know •£ why;' If , v . you , read^ Hopper'a rat
tling i$ football *J atory ? r i i n \ November . > Suhee t
Magazine; the VThanksgtvinsr •" number.'^ 1 ¦ Many
other i good \ thing*. ; : beautifully i illustrated.* Sold
.bv;«ll: newsdealers."' - <;; ' -; ¦ . y : -,-"; .>, .^.y •_ •-,-
LONDON. Oct. ' 2 6. — A ; dispatch
from '< Hull to the Times says that 'the
correspondent, as the result of .his
investigation; is of the^ opinion that
the attack' on -the British".. trawlers :by
the I Russian second Pacific ; squadron
was adeliberate act, perpetrated? with
knowledge of its character. - -
: .The -correspondent : contends ; ."that
the i whole, affair is compatible },with
the idea of a -drunken
yielding; to; the temptation to havea
little' fun ~ % among- .British . , fishermen,
who are > nothing more ; than peasants
in. the eyes of a well-born Russian."-.,
Outrage Was Intentional.
London Times Correspondent Says the
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— Paul S.
Connors has been appointed postmas
ter at North San- Diego, San Diego
County. H. T. Pearl of San Francisco
has been admitted to practice before'
the Interior Department.
Patents were issued to-day as fol
lows: California— John F. Conell,
Los Angeles, device for opening ana
closing doors; Robert J.' Ellis, San
Fianctsco, pencil sharpener; Charles
B. Ellmirt, San Francisco, hydrocar
ben burner; Eugene H. Fordlck. Los
Angeles, blow pipe; John B. Marshall,
Fresno, fruit packer; Raymond H.
Perry, Oakland, dredger; Lewis E.
Porter, Camp Rochester, washer;
same, continuous washer.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Kabo Corsets Get Grand Prize.
Sr>eclal to The Call. ' ',
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 25.— Kabo Corsets,
made by Kabo Corset Company, were
to-day given highest award by World's
Fair judges. ;
British Speakers Refer Bitterly to Ro
jestvensky's Blunder. /
LONDON. Oct. 25.— "I thank God that
the day has come when neither the
British nor the American navy can be
jealous M each other's development." —
Rear Admiral Jewell in the foregoing
Fentence to-night elicited loud cheers
v.hen he replied to a toast in honor of
the American European squadron at
the banquet given by the Pilgrim So
ciety. Lod Selborne. First Lord of the
Admiralty, presided at the gathering,
which included such representative
Britons, as Prince Louis of Battenburg,
Justice Darling, Admirals Drury, Hen
derson and Lambton, Field Marshal Sir
Evelyn Wood, Archdeacon Harris,
Chaplain Fowler and Sir Thomas Lip
ton, besides the American military and
naval attaches. Consul General Evans
and many others of note. -
Lord Selborne in proposing"The Amer
ican Naval Guests" said he must refer
to "the inexcusable outrage" in the
North Sea. In a similar case. Lord Sel
borne said, the American or British
navy would make immediate and am
ple apology.
"They would punish," added Lord
Selborne. amid loud cheers, "the perpe
trator of euch a terrible blunder and
demand tecurity against Its recurrence.
I do no more doubt than that I am
standing here that the Emperor and
Ruggian people will feel their respon-
LONDON, Oct. 2 6.— Under date of
October? 22; the "Port Arthur corre
spondent of .the Dally Telegraph, de
scribing - the f defenses of that ;place,'
says the Japanese will achieve a .won
derful'success 1 if .they can capture ; the
fortress with a loss under) 30,000 men;
for the'rgarrison.lthough worn, out and
few? ini numbers.Vcan hold * Its ? strong
defenses .with no great daily casualties
fromjthe' bombardment of the heaviest
ordinance, C while the ;< must
sacrifice > great $ numbers ¦ to ¦¦ gain : even
the ;" advance* defenses,! which', are as
strong as forts.f This dispatch reached
the - Daily .Telegraph by way of . Yin
kowjQfl^BHHsS^QBHBBlHflBflHE
Japan's Task at Port Arthur.
A special dispatch from London to an
afternoon \ paper here charges that the
attempt to ' sink the steamship Espe
ranza:','yesterday at Barry,- England,
was the work of Japanese emissaries. : •
The Russian- Admiralty has had spe
cific reports J from . agents abroad that
disguised Japanese officers -,"¦ had been
seen in , Denmark,' Sweden and Ger
many, vwhlcn indicated that an attempt
would be made to attack the Russian
squadron." • V ; ; .
• The Novoe Vremya says that one of
the minor powers .before the ' sailing of
the "second ; Pacific squadron categoric
ally informed -Russia of an impending
attack on the .vessels. ,"
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 26.— A rumor
that is going the ' rounds and which is
given authenticity by an official state
ment by ; the Russian Adclralty ' to
night throws a peculiar light upon the
cause , of the North Sea tragedy. It is
to the effect that the Russian Govern
ment was warned anonymously that a
large number of Japanese had gone
aboard fishing trawlers at Hull and
that a torpedo attack would be made
upon tne Baltic fleet during its passage
of the North Sea. The information was
regarded as somewhat hazy, but never
theless Admiral . Rojestvensky ' -. was
warned to, keep a sharp lookout and to
take no chances.. In view of subsequent
events .the belief is growing that this
false warning was conveyed to St. Pe
tersburg in the hope that it > might re
sult . in a . tragedy that would embroil
Russia and Great Britain. ,
the Slav, Fleet's Action.
Queer Story That Throws Light Upon
WARNED OP AN ATTACK.
BANQUET AMERICAN ADSHRAIi.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 25. — A
story is current here that Russia has
purchased the Chilean navy, which
¦will Join the Russian second Pacific
squadron at the Azores Islands. Ac
cording to the report an infraction of
Chilean neutrality will be avoided by
tn. inferring the ships to Turkey, for
which the Porte will receive $2,000,
000 from Russia. While the story re
ceives some credence it is denied in
responsible quarters.
KRONSTADT, Russia, Oct. 25.— The
Russian cruisers Oleg and Izumrud
sailed during the day. They will join
the second Pacific squadron.
LIBAU. Russia, Oct. 25. — The Rus
sian cruiser Orel sailed to-day to join
the second Pacific squadron.
Russia Said to Have Bought the En
tire Chilean Navy.
JANESVILLE, Wis., Oct. 25.— Paul
Parkhurst, 9 years old. was to-day
awarded Judgment for $10,000 against
Drs. Nuzan and Sutherland of Brod
head. The defendants, it was alleged,
amputated the wrong foot when called
to perform an operation upon the boy.
- appreciation of /the isitua-]
tibn, However, ; was ; 5, evidenced Ur when
King V Edward ; in • to-*
day. ':¦'•¦ He - was : greeted iwith '; more (than
usual; enthusiasm,"?: on Vaccouritfof < the
decided ':- tone? of '.'his!? telegram* to *! the
Mayor of Hull on; Monday .V;. •• ,.. <
-, The >; speeches r^of .* > members :Vof .;" the
Cabinet and of] the] House jpf< i Commons
to-day ; in jdIffereritVparts|bfltheTc6uh?
try .voice vthe ? sentimentv bf/Great5Brl
taln, arid , the spirit e in^ which ;the^utt
While . Great Britain ; is stirred to its
depths there has not. been. the slightest
evidence of a: repetition of s , the rowdy
ism of last night, which is condemned
on all sides. The suggestion vthat' Em;
bassador'Benckendorff's visit to ?Lans-.
downe House instead of, to Downing
street was due to fears of mob violence
is indignantly : , denied- at ¦ the* Foreign
Office and at the ¦ embassy: " In r fact;
there was • not' the slightest . sign ' of : any
gathering of a hostile crowd at the For
eign ' : Office, although {the; police.precau
tions * were - most ;- thorough. V . • Count
Benckendorff. himself referred to,the:in
cident ' of last \ night as "trivial ;: and did
not appear • to •'. consider . it worth no
ticing. ;•'¦¦- 'X; '.;¦¦-- -' :- -^ V7 - \ : : ;,- '¦'¦
The day has been one of the busiest
in recent years in diplomatic circles
here. The Russian j Embassador, who
reached London shortly before mid
night on Monday, was an early, caller
at Lansdowne "House and had a long
interview with Lord Lansdowne, after
which the Foreign Minister drove to
Downing street and conferred with Pre
mier Balfour and others, and . for the
remainder of the day was occupied with
a mass of matters pertaining to the^
affair. Almost, momentarily; the public
expected some definite announcement of
an official nature, but late this evening
the Foreign Office announced that no
further statement would be I issued to
night. It isiunderstood that this is-be
cause It is considered that it would; be
unwise in the present state of 'public
feeling to make- any intermediate proc
lamation's concerning diplomatic pro
ceedings. In. .view of Great Britain's an
nouncement to Russia that the matter
would not brook delay. , . " . -„' •
Count Benckendorff, the Russian Em
bassador, was " occupied" until . late'.' to
night at the embassy, with", a mass " of
cipher, dispatches, and it was : /an
nounced at. the embassy that it would
be physically^ impossible to prepare 'a
formal reply in such a' short time.
ROWDYISM IS CONDEMNED. U
"On receipt on October 24 of the news
of the North Sea tragedy preliminary
orders for mutual support and co-op
eration were issued as a measure of
precaution from the Admiralty to the
channel, Mediterranean and ;-, home
fleets."
DI PLOM ATS KEEP BUS V.
LONDON. Oct. 25.— The inevitable de
lays of diplomatic procedure appear to
retard a complete and satisfactory set
tlement of the acute differences between
Great Britain and Russia arising from
the deplorable North Sea affair. King
Edward has received from Emperor
Nicholas himself a cablegram express
ing the deepest regret and a practical
acknowledgment that Great Britain's
peremptory note will meet with a reply
conceding every demand for apology
for the act of aggression against ¦ the
British flag, compensation for the suf
ferers and punishment of ! the ; officers
responsible for what is everywhere con
ceded to have been a gigantic blunder,
and the Russian Embassador to the
court of St. James has . expressed to
Foreign Minister Lansdowne his sorrow
and sympathy. These developments,
which came late in the day, j have al
layed to some extent the deep resent
ment in the public mind, and the. Ad
miralty to-night gave evidence of its,
appreciation of the necessity of proving
that it is prepared actively to support
the position of the people of Great Brit
ain and fulfill the expectations of the
world when.it Issued the following
statement:
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 25. — Lieuten
ant General William G. Sc'hrleber, Na
tional Guard of California, retired, of
Los Angeles, -has been commissioned
lieutenant colonel and assistant ad
jutant general of the First Brigade,
having been nominated to that office
by Brigadier General Robert Wan
kowski. Colonel Schrieber succeeds
Lieutenant Colonel W. A. Bradbury of
Appoints Miner on Staff.
Recrnt " Death 'of. Colonel l Blngham
Brings About Several Promorfbns.
Los Angeles, who was recently ap
pointed colonel and assistant adjutant
general of the State of California, vice
N. S. Bangham. deceased.
Theodore H. Miner of Arcata, Hum
boldt County, has been appointed
lieutenant colonel and aid de camp on
the staff of Governor Pardee.
GOVERNOR PARDEE ADVANCES
.NATIONAL. GUARD OFFICERS
SEATTLE, Oct. 25.— Between thirty
and thirty-five persons were injured,
two perhaps fatally, in. a head-on col
lision between cars on the Seattle and
Renton Electric Railroad about 1000
feet south of the Hill brickyard in the
lower part of the city to-day. The ac
cident was due in part to the dense fog,
but, mainly because one of the cars
moved from its switch before the
motorman was certain that the proper
signal was given. Twenty minutes be
fore the accident on the Renton line
two of the large university cars on the
Seattle Electric Company's line ran to
gether at Marvin street, near the
bridge over Lake Union. Both motor
men were badly Injured and three pas
sengers were hurt.
Following is a partla; list of those
injured by the Renton line collision:
William Cole, Columbia City, concussion of
the brain, severe cuts on head, both legs
bruised and hips wrenched, condition critical;
F. B. Boyd, Columbia City, both legs badly
crushed, hurt Internally, unconscious and In
serious condition; Mrs. MacDowell Columbia
City, hurt on head and slight internal In
juries; D. Cleaves. Ihinlap, left shin splin
tered, left hip wrenched, both hands cut; M.
W. Webster, Seattle, cut on face with glass;
H. B. Bell. Seattle, hand* and face cut and
scratched; J. W. Chandler. Columbia City,
bruised about head and face; L. W Ross,
Hillman City, hurt internally; E. K. Huber.
Columbia, City, eye badly cut with flying glass,
armn and hands cut; A. B. Campbell, Seattle
head badly cut and »kull bruised; Thomas
Burg, motorman, badly hurt In legs and head
cut and bruised; W. H. Ferguson, shoulders
and arms hurt, cuts on head; J. W. Purkey
l>ile. motorman, cut on hand not seriously;
Helen Thall, Seattle, right hip hurt; O. O.
I&land, Wildwood . Station, chest crushed; W,
B. Matthews. Columbia City, chest hurt; George
W. Dunlap. Dunlap. : left leg and side hurt;
Sam Cadi. Renton. left knee hurt; James M.
Collins. Seattle, left side and hip hurt; Milton
Roy. Bremer. Station, arm, back and head hurt;
C. M. Nutter. Brighton Beach, left hip and
leg hurt; R. Rhodes, conductor, slight cuts
on face; Parks Shelton, conductor, right arm
wrenched and right leg bruised.
MAKES STARTLING ACCUSATION.
•The Moulmein. Mlno and Snipe all had shots
through them, the two former vessels being
obliged ,to i make sail, homeward.. I think two
or; three vessels did not board u« in the
morning, but that may be owing to the thick
weather causing them to miss the fleet -
wl don't * know » whether they took ?u 8 for
Japanese or .whether they were practicing to
get their, hands In. There must be a mistake
somewhere. : • They ought .; to have - known .we
were ' only - inoffensive fishermen. 1 remain
your, obedient servant. • -. . '
THOMAS CARR, Admiral..
The report of Thomas Carr, the
"admiral" of the fishing fleet, dated
from the "North Sea" is a picturesque
touch, a plain sailor's yarn of the oc
currence, which was handed to For
eign Minister Lansdowne to-night. The
report Is dated "The North Sea, Octo
ber 22," and is as follows:
We were fishing in latitude 55.19 north and
longitude 5 east, the night of October 21. At
11:30 p. m. a large fleet of men of war
sprung up on our lee bow, the "wind belntr
about south-southeast. One squadron passed
by our lee side. '.The remainder, consisting of
four. battleships. Ht«-araed just across our head
throwing searchlights over our fleet. As soon
4s. they got to windward they began firing on
us. their projectiles Hying all around and across
our decks for a full quarer of an hour, some
of the shots passing under the mainsails so
unpleasantly near the men who were getting
fish In the pound that they cleared out down
below, one shot "passing right between them.
I very much regret to say that others In.
the fleet-: were not so fortunate as us In escap
ing hurt. The Crane was sunk, her skipper
and third hand were killed and all' the rest
of the crew were wounded, with -the exception
of the cook. The, skipper of the Gull . it was
who, being hailed by the Crane, saying: "We
are .' sinking," hove up his gear, got. out a
boat and went to the rescue of the unfortunate
survivors. 1 1 "" s • .¦ -.,¦-.•¦ *
The post-mortem examination of the
bodies of the victims of the Dogger
Bank affair was held to-day at Hull.
The proceedings were purely formal
and no official announcement was
made, but it is stated positively that
both of . the dead 'men bore wounds
inflicted both by machine guns and a
larger shell. .
"ADMIRAL". CARR'S REPORT.
terances were met shows that for the
moment party differences have been
laid aside and that the country is sol
idly behind" the Government. . Lord
Selborne, at the Pilgrims' banquet to
night/denounced the Dogger Bank af
fair in the most outspoken-terms yet
heard from a member of the Cabinet,
as "an - inexcusable outrage" and "a
terrible: blunder. ..which would be im
possible In * either ' the British -or the
American navy." ¦ r
Colonial Secretary Lyttelton, too,. in
another place, spoke in plain terms,
saying that it was impossible to view
the affair as other than the result of
murderous intention or' wicked negli
gence.
Seattle Scene of Disasters
Which Cause Serious In
juries to Nearly Two Score
PKRSONAGES WHO FIGURE IN THE
NEWS GROWING OUT OF THE
NORTH SEA TRAGEDY.
CARS COLLIDE
IN DENSE FOG
LONDON. Oct. 26. — A new Russian
loan of 5270,000,000. according to the
Brussels correspondent of, the Stand
ard, has virtually been concluded.
Russia Negotiates New Loan.
The Standard's Moscow correspond
ent also asserts that "the majority of
the Russian people find more or less
satisfaction in the insult offered to
England."
PURCHASE OF WARSHIPS.
That a possibility of dangerous de
velopments lurks in the protraction of
the crisis is seen in the fact that Rus
sian correspondents of British papers
are beginning to send rather inflamma
ble dispatches. For example, the Tele
praph's St. Petersburg correspondent
this? morning says:
"In military circles among the less
responsible officers and In marine cir
cles of almost all grades the conviction
prevails that sooner or later war with
England Is inevitable, and that the
present moment is as auspicious as any
other."
LONDON, Oct. 26. — The Russo-Japa
nese war is almost forgotten and the
papers are occupied almost exclusively
with the North Sea affair. So far the
attitude of the Government meets with
the approval of the public, who are
greatly gratified with the instructions
of the Admiralty for co-operation be
tween the Mediterranean, channel and
home squadrons should necessity arise.
The home fleet, consisting of nine bat
tleships and three cruisers, which has
been stationed at Cromarty, left Tues
day night for the south to be in readi
ness for any necessary concentration.
All leaves have been stopped in the
navy, and in the unlikely event of the
situation becoming so serious as to need
it a very strong naval force could
quickly be concentrated.
Russians Believe a Clash With Great
Britain Is Inevitable.
DRIFTING TOWARD WAR.
TOKIO, Oct. 25, 7 p. m. — Field Mar
shal Oyama reports that the Japanese
total casualties were 15,879 officers
and men at the battle of Shakhe River.
Oyama's Statement of Losses.
CHEFU, Oct 25. — A junk which
arrived here to-day from Antung on
the Yalu River reports that eight Jap
anese warehouses containing rations,
clothing, ammunition and the prizes
wen at the battle of the Yalu were
burned recently, the fire lasting two
days. Incendiarism is suspected. Two
Japanese officers; who were respon
sible for the care of the building, com
mitted suicide.
Japanese Army Stores Burned.
At the same time this consideration
has an ominous ring about it, only
serving to emphasize the gravity of
the situation, the language of the
note admitting of no doubt that
when the demands are ultimately pre
sented Great . Britain intends to in
sist upon full compliance with, them.
From . the diplomatic standpoint the
very fact that Great Britain h_*s not
shown' her hand strengthens her po
sition. What the nature of the de
mands.;wiU.;be,,rnusJ:, necessarily, be. a
matter, of speculation-. until Admiral
Rojestvensky's report arrives, but if
the important allegation in the note is
established, namely, that the squadron
actually > charrged formation before
opening 'fire, it would Beem to fix the
responsibility upon Rojestvensky; and,
whoever the author of the offense may
be it is regarded as certain that Great
Britain will demand, among other
things, his punishment. It is also con
sidered certain that failure to prompt
ly comply would be followed by Em
bassador Hardinge's recall.
Although some . nervousness is per
ceptible in diplomatic circles, gener
ally shaking there is the greatest con
fidence both among diplomats and
high officials of the, Government that
the affair will be amicably adjusted.
It is felt, indeed, that the great gravity
of the' situation may prove its salva
tion by imposing the utmost care and
deliberation upon both sides.
: It is known that the Emperor was
greatly grieved and shocked when he
heard the news at Kronstadt on Mon
day afternoon. To a member- of the
court, the press learns; he , has al
ready expressed a determination to
punish whoever^ is responsible for the
error. x '.-A
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 26, 2:50 a.
m.— Vice Admiral Rojestvensky's rea
sons for firing upon the British fishing
fleet remain as great a mystery as
ever, jj Again at midnight the Admiral
ty announced that the admiral's report
of the affair had not been received.
Meantime, without waiting the Rus
sian version of the affair, Emperor
Nicholas, through Embassador Har
dinge, has sent to King Edward and
the British Government a message con
veying an expression of the profounde3t
regret for the . unfortunate affair,
coupled with assurances that the fam
ilies of the victims should receive the
fullest reparation.
The British Government also shows
moderation in the note which Embas
sador i Hardlnge presented to Count
Lamsdorft this afternoon. While it
awaits an explanation for an act which
it characterizes in strong language as
unjustifiable, deliberate and inhuman,
it makes no threats, fixes no time limit
for response and contains no demands,
the note specifically stating that Great
Britain's .demands are reserved pend
ing receipt of an explanation.
The willingness of Great Britain to
await the. Russian explanation before
formulating demands shows considera
tion for the position . in which Russia
has been placed by a deplorable blun
der. ,
. * ¦
No Word From Eojestven
sky E eaclies Eussian
Capital.
CAUSE OF TEAGrEDY
YET A MYSTERY
HARBIN, Oct. 25. — Viceroy Alex
ieff on Monday published an Im
perial decree -appointing General Ku
ropatkin commander in chief of all
the land forces in the East and retain
ing Alexieff in the post of Viceroy.
"The Emperor also congratulated Vice
roy Alexieff on the efficiency he had
displayed in the formation, concentra
tion and supreme direction of troops
in the theater of operations.
Alexieff, in his proclamation, thanks
the land and sea forces for the self
sacrifice they have shown and says he
is proud of the mark of confidence be-
Etowed upon him by the Emperor In
intrusting him with the supreme com
mand of gallant troops. He says, in
conclusion, that with God's help their
strong adversary will be defeated.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 25.— An im
perial ukase, dated October 23. ap
points General Kuropatkin command
er-ln-chitf of the Russian army.
General Kuropatkin's appointment
to be conunander-in-chief. In the Far
East is indication of the Emperor's un
shaken confidence in Kuropatkin's
ability. It is thought that General
Meyendorff is the most likely candi
date for the command* of the First
Army, while General Grippenbers will
command the second.
sibillty and take the same action as
would the British or American people."
Admiral Lambton declared that he
could never* believe any naval officer,
Russian or otherwise, would do a das
tardly act intentionally. Naval officers
sometimes made mistakes, but said Ad
miral Lambton, "give them time to
apologize and everything will be all
right."
Admiral Lambton's statement, com
bined with Lord Selborne's expressions,
are taken as practically closing the
North Sea affair. .Admiral Lambton
saw King Edward to-day, and undoubt
edly he voiced the highest views.
Admiral Jewell did not refer to the
Anglo-Russian difficulty, but in the
briefest of speeches won applause by
reference to the lack of all jealousy be
tween the American and British navies.
Nicholas Cables to King
Edward an Expression of
, r . ,, ¦ ,
His Kegret.
Meddlesome Alexieff Retains His Posi
tion as Czar's Viceroy in the Orient.
General Kuropatkin Given
Chief Command of Russian
Land Forces in Far East
PEACEABLE
SETTLEMENT
IS IN SIGHT
Rage of British Nation Is
Still at Boiling Point.
Czar Gives Pledge That Me Will Concede All Demands by England
as Reparation for the Baltic Fleet's Blunder
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALB, WEDNESDAY^ ";OCTOBER 26, 1901.
3
FREE 'vFREE ": l FREE
SUNDAY CALL'
J' WANT ADS:
A Coupon Entitling >You to N O ne
r';Pbuncl >4oc ' '
"TOP QUALlTY^CpFFEE of
THE GREAT/AMERICAN i
IMPORTING^TEA CO^
VWitii Every 25c , ; Small v Ad
; ' in ; SUNDAY CALL. ;,:
: See Small /Ad) Page (for Further
' Parti cill ars-'\ ' '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Headache
Nervousness, Dizziness, Indigestion,
Neuralgia are caused by sick nerves.
By soothing the nerves and stimulat-
ing- their action. Dr. Allies' Anti-Pain
Pills relieve almost immediately.
Unlike any other pain remedy, they
contain nothing injurious and you will
necver know you ha v«» taken them except
fie reliff they afford.
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills v
Have become a household remedy . In
thousands of families, where they never
fail to cure all pain, and relieve those lit-
tle miserable ailments which are so com-
mon.
"Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills have not
only relieved me of severe headache, ner-
vousn«rs and indigestion, but ray mother
who has suffered a great deal with neu-
ralgia and dizziness, .has been cured bv
tbeir use." — MRS. O. H. DANTCS, 333 W
Third St., Moorestown, N.'J.
The first package will benefit,, if not,
the druggist will return your, money. .=
25 doses, 25 cents." sold la bulk.
AUCTION — FREE — AUCTION
OF NEW IMPORTED FAMOUS COLLECTION
& PERSIAN RUGS
COMMENCING THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27t.i, at 2 P. M.
..iQoods Now on Exhibition...
M. B. Mihran has just returned and has opened his new, large
importations, famous for. beautiful antiques, which should not be
missed being seen, as they have become very scarce. '
In order to extend the Rug trade and make quick sales the en-
tire collection will be offered at Free Auction.
TWIHIRAIN'S
205 POST STREET
Our Motto: Choice rugs, large assortment, quick sales, perfect satisfaction
DR. KILMER'S SAVA3fP-ROOT.
ARE YOUR JIDNEYS WEAK?
Thousands of Men and Women Have Kidney
Trouble and Never Suspect It.
K What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root, Will Do
YOU, /Every v Reader of Tho Call May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
to be considered that only urinary V2E&m*-£j«-w
and bladder troubles were to be traced to the
kidneys, but now modern science proves that JipKr^saSW
nearly all diseases have th<?ir beginning in the tt^^^^T
disorder of these most important organs. f^^MS
Therefore, when vour kidneys are weak or : "I^f«\^
out of order vou can understand how quicklv PjS3si^»
your entire bodv is affected, and how every
organ seems to fail to do its duty. i^y^C4
If you are sick or "feel badly," be*in tak- j^^SlL.
ins the srread kidney remedy, Dr. Kilmer's /'p^^^%
Swamp-Root, because as soon as your kidneys ||ll ' | *tftfi>^^|^^
begin to pet better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince yflGfia? ~< ' jMttM^^^^^^»
_ Z cheerfully recommend and tndor«e the Great p?/iy^ t^^' I^"* f '"' •* r ~ M *'
Remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Boot, for kidney R-nl I r^ .... Mt ?b?<~n B&
trouble and bad liver. I have used It and derived Bisi DR * k "-MEK * 18$
firreat benefit from It. I believe it has cured m« &sm OW^lTTi DA AT S3
entirely of kidney and liver trouble, from wbich I K^i S W ARIr-llUul t-m
suffered terribly. Most jrratefully yours. |§3»| UIIHIUX 11VW*
A. n. Beynolds, Chief of Police. t§2§! K!dncy,W/er8ttbddor fM
i Columbus, Oa. ffig| -» CURE* •''!
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are respo'n- , B^ wrxctiows. 1^4
sible for many kinds of diseases, and if per- mm t^IZ^t'uXlh^'^^Z $M\
mitted to continue much sufTerinR and fatal I^^I J^J^tJiitJ^JISvi.' I|-Tf
results are sure to follow. Kidney trouble l"^ jm >««r *mm*»» »A ¦*Si fe*|
irritates the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, K|j9 ZJ^IZm Ml
sleepless and irritable. Makes you pass water ffj|«| "" nt »^>" f *- ¦ . jj£l
often during the day and obliges you to get B|§H it* r-* ~w*j tm**p j&M
up many times during the night. Unhealthy A^^w^tti"^!^ §1!
kidneys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of bBESI Ju# t0 . : W ;*J k^n«T%"< 1 «»
tne bladder, pain or dull ache in the back. wp>»| rh.«m.ti«n, jumtx«V »d
joints and muscles: make your head ache and mm ZZ«' t £tt^%£? IP
back ache, cause indierfstion, stomach and liver fcpfl '"•?''«»"' to uu. +M
trouble, you tret a sallow, yellow complexion. mM . '"" '¦££?VZ. n mi
make you feel as thoujrh you had heart trou- W$M KNcii/^ros.*. y." PH
ble; you may have p'enty of ambition, but no B^i Sold by an Drugx>*t»- I ¦' i
strength ; pet weak and waste away. * H5«mlj]]L. m — m .-...L,ux' il'n Mm
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kil- |||SKSp^BBp^jS^ga| pi
mcr's Swamp-Root, the world famous kidney BPJHy^^wffiipjK^ff 1 *^^^- -^
remedy. Tn taking Swamp-Root you afford p^^^m^0^:^-^l^f^-z\^^
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the g^^^S^SBBSS^^p^^^P
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kid- SbmMmmmmsSBStBUUBmmmmmtr-
neys that is known to medical science. (Swamp-Root is pleasant to take )
"^ How to Find Out ; f , . '
If there is any doubt in your mind as to . J° u . are c alreadv COn "
your condition, take from your urine on rising v »nced that Swamo-Root is
about four ounces, place it in a glass or bot- what you need, you can pur-
tie and let it stand twenty-four hours. If on r u a e- th. ...~.,i . cu
examination it is milky or cloudy, if there is ChaSe the re « ul^ s fiftv-cent
a brick dust settling, or if small particles float a °d one-dollar size bottles
about in it, your kidneys are in need of irame- at the drug stores everv-
diate attention. - , -^ ,
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is where ; IJon t make any mis-
used in the leading hospitals, recommended by take, but remember the
physicians Jn their private practice, and is name , Swamp-Root, Rr. Kil-
taken by doctors themselves who have kidney , ¦
ailments, because they recognize in it the great- mcr s Swamp-Root, and the
cst and most successful remedy for kidney, liv- address, Binghamton, N. Y.,
er and bladder troubles. on every bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE. — So successful la Swamp-Root in- promptly curing even
the most distressing cases of kidney, liver or bladder troubles, that to prove its
wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable informa-
tion, botlr sent absolutely free by mall. The book contains many of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured I The
value and success of Swamp-Root Is so well known that our readers are advised to
send for a sample bottle. In sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co Bing-
hamton. N. Y.. be sure to say you read this generous ofTer In The San Francisco
I Dally Call.. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuineness of this offer
Union-Southern Pacific
Chicago via St. Louis and return $7 2. 50 |
St. Louis and return direct... «30
A Choice of Two Days Only
-October 26 eundi Z&7 • .
i^s Now or Never
SLopovers. and Choice
Bt 3T» IDVTSi OISi AiT»-. w. Jr. Z». A. _' ' ARRIVED. ,, -
: > "Tuesday, Oct 25.
Stmr Lakme, Christensen, 30 hours fromEu
i reka. •• • ¦£'¦"• V". i --:'.. , ¦ ¦ . .. , ,\
¦ Stmr Fulton, Panzer, 46 hours from San P«-"
dro. * - -
SAILED. SPSBKBhEI
WBHBEp - /• "Tuesday,\Oct 25.
Btmr Arcata, ' Macrenn, for - Coos - Bay and
Port Orf ord." ; " .
.Btmr Brooklyn, Carlson, for Mendoclno. •
, Stmr Navarro, 'JacobsL-. for- Bowens Landing 5
. ••- . OCEAN BTEAMEHS. .= .
NEW YORK— Sailed October 20 — Stmr Cevlc -i -
for Liverpool ; - atmr . Prlnz , Oakar, '¦ tori Naples
and Genoa; otmr Main, for Bremen; stmr Pa
trla, for Marseilles and Naples. .
BREMEN— Arrived Oot 25— Star : Kronprin*
Wilhelm. from < New York. ~ •- . ¦ ¦
f QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Oct ¦ 25 — Btmr
Oceanic, from uNewiYork," for Liverpool and
proceeded. :¦- . <*::."* ', .,r,.' .,¦ ;\~ f ¦> ,--*.. -.,_,.-
"GENOA—Arrived Oct 26— Stmr NordAmeri
ka, from New.Tork." : ; ::i ';-.- ;^-,- ,.-~
..-- ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 23-rStmr Rotter-'
dam, --from New i York. : - ' .<.¦.;,-..'
. . CHRISTIAN1A— Sailed ' Oct ¦ 25— Strar United
'States, *for; New York. : • > . v -." - ¦> . -
.. SYDNEY, ,;N.'S.VW.— Arrived previously—
Btmr . Sonoma, from.' San 1 Francisco, via Hono
luluand Auckland. ¦;.-. : .---• ..¦•'--...-;. ¦ . -- ;
;.; LTVERPOOtrrSaUed Oct 25— Btmr Lake Erfi
¦for 'Montreal.'',!'',' '."-;- ;; - '¦' .¦;¦_;¦ ¦ ¦•- -,«-•.-!.' ;¦• ¦;«'.!
f i ACTION - ON {; BIDS.— The .Su
pervisors'^ Printlnar ¦ yesterday • pont-
, poned until to-morrow. Its action' on ¦ tha : award '
"for printing th« municipal reports. vs> One of , the i
Wdders desired time^ to? show i, that* he* Is i the
lowest bidder,; thoush not shown en the f aoe of
the', bids.- .;¦ ¦ ¦/ ...; < ¦-.;¦:-¦ : •.;¦. - ;:•. .- ¦.-;-«.
WASHINGTON, : Obt:- "25.-r-Acting
Secretary of State .Adee <to-day .; dis
patched a note^looklrigitO'a;reconven
ing of The; Hagrue'conference.j. This. ls
an-: invitation: by/the Pfesident;Of ; the
United j States •< to signatory '; powers of
the original Hague" treaty 4p cometo
gether-again.; ;The ;note- is 1 directedlto
the. r American '.Einbassaddrs" and Minis
ters j abroad, with i instry ctions'to sound
the s ' Governments i to .which;." they ''are
accredited i and .to? extend VrPresldent
Roosevelt's invitation in such. 1 terms as
they see' fit""' ¦*;'.'¦ './:;¦ '.•/¦•. - : •.:.". r-^; ;
" .A' majority '¦ of the" powers ; must : de
termine the . place as well ? aa ; the j date
of the" meeting. <¦ "-.-¦¦"'.¦'" "'.-":¦'.
LATG SHIPPING IXTELLIGEXOE.
INVITES I THE ' NATIONS 1 * '
TO A PEACE
WASHINGTON, Oct 25.— Orders
have been issued for Lieutenant;Col
onel John- A. Hull, assistant to, the
judge advocate general of '\ the army,
to proceed to Manila. on December. 20
for duty as Judge advocate, general of
the division^ of the Philippines. V; This
important duty is a compliment , to
Lieutenant Colonel. Hull for, his uni
formly excellent, service both at,Ma
nila and in ', Washington, : and - as < ad
juster of numerous, questions 'arising
between the . military,', forces engaged
in maneuvers in Virginia last summer
and the citizens of that vicinity.
He will relieve' Lieutenant Colonel
Harvey. C. Carbaugh, who will proceed
to, San Francisco .to report to the mili
tary secretary for further orders.'
Colonel Hull Given the Post as a Rec
ognition of Efficient Service
In "the Past.
MADS JUDGE ADVOCATE '
• OF THE ¦ PHILIPPINES
: Work was temporarily stopped yes
terday,- fog on .the bay in the
morning was so dense that ; Major. A^
R. Paxton, commandant at Alcatraz
Island, did \not deem It wise "to send
the prisoners. over. Some of the pris
oners are sent over every day to ; the
Presidio and to Fort Mason .to work
on the roads or to do such" other iwork
as Ls designated by. the oommanders
for ; the of 'those posts.
Work-on the new target- range, 'which
is under. the charge of Captain Charles
R. 'Howlard.'was also suspended yes-'
terday because of the. fog. > ..
.. ¦•,.* General MacArthurJ spent several
hours yesterday afternoon in hearing
Grant Wallace tell of '.his!, experiences
in ;the ; Russo- JapaneseXwar during his
recenttrlp to the OrientV i .;
, "- Colonel W. ; L. Pitcher reviewed the
troops under his command at the Pre
sidio yesterday In accordance with the
new i'army- regulations.' ,- ,
The big athletic tournament ; of I the
Department of California that Is to
take | place at the Presidio on Novem
ber 1 T,' 1 8 and' 1 9 is occupying a great
deal of "attention among the army of
ficers, - enlisted men aria "others'inter
ested in these sports. Major Van Vliet
Is now busily engaged. in preparing
the programme. He has been work
ing very hard to get the new grounds
In condition. ¦¦>' ¦'¦¦¦¦" '
Weather Conditions ':' Cause Temporary
Delay in Completion of Athletic V.
Grounds and Target Range.;, •
WORK AT THE PRESIDE
STOPPED BY* DENSE FOG
WASHINGTON, Oct 25.— An effort
to restrain the Secretary of the Treas
ury from making payments or issuing
bends for the acquisition and construc
tion of the Panama *canal was • made
to-day in the equity branch of the Su
preme Court of the District [of Colum
bia. W. S. Wilson of Hinsdale,: 111., Is
the author of the suit and presented
his own argument. The "Government
was defended by United States Attor
ney Morgan H. Beach and Charles W.
Russell, assistant to the Attorney Gen
eral. Justice Stafford,' who heard the
case, has not rendered" his' decision. [
The principal question Involved is
whether the courts -have f authority to
restrain a Federal officer from a wrong
ful Interpretation of a Federal law and
consequent depletion . of the Federal
-Treasury. .
Arguments Submitted In Case TestJns:
the Constitutionality of the ¦
Spooner Act. . ,
ANTI-PANAMA CANAL •
SUIT HEARD BY COURT
VENTURA, Oct 25.— Mrs..' Tina; L.
Kane, sister of Professor Alken;,of
Lick Observatory and' a teacher In the
local schools, died suddenly to-day of
heart failure. She was a leader In
Native Daughter circles and was the
first grand president of the order. She
was also \ well . known In educational
circles In Amador County, where she
.taught for many years. The deceased
was a widow and was aged 48 years.
She leaves a daughter, Wilhelmina
Kane, who is a student at
First Grand President V of > Native
Daughters Called by' Death. >
DrE^OF.HEAJRT.ItfSEASfi).
1 ; OAKLAND, "Oct; 25.— "Come back
here , in^ JRlxty . days,.: Rivers, ; and ,1 - will
see whether or <"riot your" behavior • has
earned * you . the Vfurther* clemency of
this court.-. If you do not behave your
self in the meantime, or If I hear a
bad report about you then, you will get
at least six months in Jail. Your. wife's
pleading has saved you from the pen
alty I had Intended to Impose." ;.
So spake Police Judge ¦ Samuels . to
day to Percy Rivers, colored, who last
week kicked his wife, Dovle, until she
was unconscious. "Dovle'' angered her
spouse by going to the theater with
out his permission; '.'It was Just a lit
tle family difficulty, Judge," she said.
"He has always been kind to me, and
will v not be harsh in the future, I am
sure, and I hope you will' be easy with
him."
sibility Begs for the Freedom
. , : of Her Husband, /
Woman Who Was Kicked Into Insen-
WIFE'S PLEA, SAVES
BRUTE FROM JAIL
Charges had been made against the
'conduct of the New York postofflce at
various times within the last several
years, and it was recently announced
from Washington that when the post
master's term expired he probably
would not be reappolnted.
NEW YORK, Oct 25.— Cornelius
Van Cott, postmaster of this city, died
to-day, aged 66 years. He was strick
en last night while at the office with
an attack of nervous indigestion. ..
Van Cott'sson, Richard, was'arrest
ed a few days ago charged -with vio
lation of the election law and the son's
arrest. It is believed, has caused the
postmaster great distress.
Cornelius Van Cott Taken Suddenly HI
and Passes Away.
GOTHA»rs POST3IASTER DEAD.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
/. 1016 Broadway, Oct 25.
Engineer M. K. Miller's proposal to
develop a water supply for this city
Jn the artesian well belt, known as the
"Niles cone,", was taken up to-day by
the special committee on- municipal
water supply. The project was dls^
cussed at length, but ¦ no definite ' deci
sion reached. It Is understood that the
special committee has in mind the sub
mission of the Bay Cities Water Com
pany's proposal or one of ftie cheaper
schemes of supply suggested by En
gineer Miller and by City Councilman
George W. Dorn^n. The Bay, Cities'
plan approximates $5,250,000 estimated
cost. The underground well proposi
tions of Miller and of Dornin run $1,
000,000-to.$l,500iOOO less.
Owing to the absence of engineers,
the meeting of the City Council with
the Bay Cities Water Company, which
had been , called for to-morrow, has
•been postponed until Monday at 4 p. m.
President - W.' i S. Tevis of the Bay
Cities Water Company, has submitted a
statement; to the committee in -which
he asserts that under, hls^ plan a saving
of 200 per . cent can be , made in the
rates charged for. water in Oakland. S3
< A map has been hung In ' the office
of the Board of : Public , Works which
the public Is ; invited to inspect. It
shows In detail " the watershed ; from
wlilch the Bay Cities .Water. Company
purposes drawing the 20,000,000 ' gallons
of water dally that It: offers to the city
of Oakland. It also shows the location
of , the reservoir; the • dam and' the
course the proposed sixty-four miles
of pipe line will** olio w. V ;-;-':< - -¦
PHILIPPINE VETERAN
: : sudden DEATn
Charles M. Drysdale Expires at Home
'•¦?: of His Parents Without Word
• -of Warning. ; %
\OAKLAND, Oct. 2B'.— Charles M.
Drysdale, an honorably , discharged
soldier of the United States, died sud
denly last night at the residence of his
father on Fifty-first street, near
Broadway. . There was no physician
In ; attendance. - The Coroner took
'charge., of . the 'remains. An inquest
will be held Friday evening. -
•Young. Drysdale enlisted In^. the
"Fifth "United .States •"- Infantry under
the name of James A. Moore. Ha
contracted a severe illness in the Phil
ippines.
BOA*RD OF PHARMACY ' ij
" H ELECTS ITS OFFICERS
Authorizes Many licentiates and As
,: Kistanta to Practice as Mem -
i bers of Profession. )
. The election of officers of the Cali
fornia State Board of Pharmacy for
the coming year .was held yesterday
and resulted as follows: Charles H.
Rowley of Santa Barbara president,
and J. J. Crowly of San Francisco sec
retary, to supceed John Calvert.
Eighty-six applied to be 'registered
as licentiates and assistants In phar
macy, the candidates passing the ex
aminations successfully being:
A. Bacon, C. A. Carroll,' O.
TE. Dame, B. !•. Hayden, E. A. Henderson,
P. H. Lemke, F. 3. Jiatthie, Georgia K. Slade,
S. '. H. Stewart," C. E. Thalz, Edw. ¦ Thomas,
N.D.Whitlne.W.F. Williams, W. B. Wll
eon, J." H. Wlolke, L. G. Adams, F. Hedley,
G. B. Long-rove, W. G. Logan, J. A. Miller,
F..TG. Rockstroh, C. B. Wood, M. J. Black
man. i ' ¦'• , '
Assistants — C. S. Batley L. L. Broodeen,
H. . A. Brandner, . F. C. . Blaney, E. F.
Crosher, E. C. Howard, E. J. Magrnell, H.
H. Menerey, jC. H. Redmond, M. S. Robinson,
M. S. Togns, J. B. Turner, Robert Watt, C.
L. Worrall, Mabel L» Berger, , A. W. Haynes,
GjTsy B. Serlght, E./A. Test, H. S. Gardner,
R W. Bennett, A.'E. Bowman, H. M." Downs,
E*. P.Draeske. C..H. Ferris, E. J. Helnrtch,
E. P. Plerron, J. E. ,Toogrood.
PURITX" * IN POLITICS
TO BE SOLE TOPIC
Merchants' Association Planning for
Four Hundred 'Guests at Seventh
• Banquet.
The Merchants' Association- will
hold its seventh" annual banquet in tlie
ladies* grillroom of the -, Palace Hotel
on the evening of November 16, and
owing to the political conditions that
are" at present holding the attention "of
the ; orgariization - the J programme .. of
addresses is to be devoted to the duty
of the citizen at, the polls. •
1 James D. Phelan. will speak of "The
Citizen's Duty to the, State," and H.
D.I Loveland of "The" Citizen's Duty to
the City." .'
; Fairfax H. .Wheelan,, who Is a di
rector of ; the association,' has been ac
tively ':< prosecuting : ballot-box \ stuff era,
will relate his experience as a watcher
and worker, at the primaries. "Prac
tical will be the subject /of
Gavin. HcNab's discourse, and' he ; will
tell what there Is to be done to pro
tect the purity of ; the ballot-box and
how.todo It. • -.'""::
... Plans are ; beipg made for .4 00 guests
at the banquet. It Is hoped that much
good will be accomplished by arousal
of i citizens ! from their : lethargy, in af
fairs political. ; ":'-
Calif ornians in New York.
' NEW .YORK, > Oct. • 2 b:— The follow
ing Calif ornians registered at hotels In
NewjYork to-day:
"^ From" Sa^Francisco--G^H.\ Bliss at
the Imperial; Dr. S. ;Q. : Bennett fat Ihe
Hotel CABtor.vC. Daniels at ' the ; Hotel
Imperial," F. - p. : Millekauff and \ wife at
the Victoria; 4 : P. O. - Esting and , wife
and • Dr.'; D. ; F. ; Ragan- at the Hoffman,
R. J j; Ryan and ; wif e ; at the ' New 'Am
sterdam.%F. S. ; Welch at the; Hotel Im
perial," H.; M. Englander; at ,the"Mmpe
rial,--Miss E." Keltney at the'Park^Av
enue.vB.1 M.~" Lowlas t and" wif e E at-> the
Btfi Andrews,/ AT'; Hi YoungJat;the;Her
ald f Square, , J. s C.l Zellerbach "- and 1 wife
at \ the { Imperial/; D.T S.'; Bennett at the
Hotel Astor, Q., Mitchell'; at ; the ? Hotel
Victoria. KS^WF^BH ¦ -.'"'¦
:c. From' 1 San ¦ Jose— -C. ¦ R. -Argus ) and
Mrs. : N^G.- Argus ' at * th> the
Misses ; Promis ; at , the , Everett. : :
. : From • Los ; Angeles—^M-TAii Baker"; at
the Park "Avenue,* Miss M.I Crane at , the
iHolland,' J So Pease^and 5 wif e |and ; Mrs^
Randolph at'the'.Grand'.Uhion^Mlss.M/
N4R^tyall,fiW^T^^Vall Jarid 5vif e
at' the' Murray,; Hill, R.-i Nadeau and' Q. :
Ai^NadeauTatitheIHotel^A.lbert %^
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— Directors of
the United States Steel Corporation to
day declared th« regular quarterly divi
dend of 1% per cent on the preferred
stock, payable November 30.
The financial statement for tho quar
ter ended September 30 last shows net
earnings, after the usual reductions for
repairs, renewals, maintenance, fixed
charges and interest on bonds, of S1S.
773,932, which Is below conservative es
timates. Comparison with the sam»
quarter for three years past follows:
1903. $32,422,954; 1902, $36,954,483; 1301,
$28,663,843.
Earnings for the nine months of this
year aggregate $51,709,839. In 1903 for
the same period they were $94433,970
and in 1302. $101,825,004.
A striking feature of the statement
is the Item showing a surplus over
charges and dividends of only H.S12,
983, a decrease of $1,464,565, compared
with the previous quarter, and of $10,
898,707, compared with the correspond
ing quarter of 1903.
Unfilled orders on hand on September
30 last amounted to 8,027,436 tons, a de
crease of 701,308 tons over the same pe
riod last year. As an offset to this,
however. Chairman Gary sasd that th»
corporation had booked 'an average of
26,000 tons of new orders per day dur
ing the current month, an increase of
30 3-8 per cent over the business of last
October. KSS
TAFT ANSWERS PARKER.
Secretary of War Says Democratic
• Candidate Has Been Misled.
NEWARK, N. J., Oct. 25.—Secretary
ot "War Taft addressed a Republican
meeting here to-night which filled the
Kruger Auditorium to the doors. Sec
retary Taft spoke on the cosfof the
Philippines, and in answer to a recent
'speech of Judge Parker, of which, the
Secretary said, the statements therein
contained are so wide of the truth and
¦the sensational character of his ut
terances Is so unwarranted by any of
the conditions In the Philippines that
one must conclude that he has been
greatly misled.
BOSTON. Oct. 25.— The triennial, gen
eral convention of the Episcopal church,
which has been in session here since
October 6, was ended to-day with a
public service in Trinity Church.
Prom .the pulpit ¦ Bishop PotUr of
New York read' a pastoral letter, ad
dressed to - the , church at large. ; The
communication, .which 1 - consisted of
more ; than 8000 words, considered 'the
problems now before the country. Re
garding divorce the letter said that the
facility with which the marriage rela
tion may be taken on and put off is one
of the menaces of American civilization,
to the possible perils of which Chris
.tlan people are as yet very imperfectly
aroused. The letter made a plea for the
permanence and security of the family,
it also discussed the negro problem,
stating that the church waa taking
steps to correct the situation so far as
possible. Other pressing questions were
dealt with. V-i-c . . _.
'I'Hn; FAMTf/Y TBRTCATKN n:».
The letter paid a«hlgh tribute to tho
Archblshou of Canterbury, saying that
his visit has cemented the two great
peoples. After -pointing out the ne
cessity of supporting missions in Jap
an. China and other Oriental districts,
the letter continued : .
Mt is a question which we In this republic
may wisely consider, whether with greater
freedom we I have always won a great purity
of righteousness. At the basis of our social
order is the family; ' and while we are fond of
drdinx at our Oriental .brethren for their po
ly gamic ¦ constitution of -that Institution, It Is
worth . while ¦ to ask ourselves the - question
whether the laws of this land are not In dan
ger of bringing In, though by quite another
road, a worse evil.
The letter takes up what it terms
"those two great problems which to
day supremely: confront the republic
—the labor question and the race Is
sue." ' Of. the first the pastoral de
clares that "whatever labor organiza
tions have accomplished they have
mainly moved along lines which are
the glory of our . democratic institu
tions."
MUST FACE RACE ISSUE.
Touching the race problem, the let
ter, after referring* to the appointment
of a Joint commission to investigate
the question, says:
If by giving them (the negroes) freedom,
we have only riven them the power to work
mischief: and If lynchmg has come to be de
fended as a necessary protection to families,
then surely we are face to face with a situa
tion at once desperate and dishonoring. We
may not ignore it; we cannot disown Itrlt Is
a part of our social ' system and If the church
can have nothing to say about it, then she
simply disowns her God and her master..
The letter closes with a warm in
dorsement of the International Peace
Congress, saying::
The creation of The Hague tribunal and the
recognition If not the formal adoption of in
ternational courts . of arbitration .by some of
the foremost empires of- Europe has Indicated
the recognition of an altered sentiment In ra
zard to the arbitrament of war, of most pro
found Birnlflcance.
Little business of Importance was
transacted at the final business session.
A resolution permitting foreign congre
gations to use forms of service in their
own tongue was adopted after a sharp
contest. This legislation was enacted
specifically for the benefit of Swedish
congregations in Minnesota.
. The next convention will be held In
Richmond, Va., in 1907. .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TrjESDAT. OCTOBER 2BL' \
David and Ada' Martin to John Wleg*!. lot
on B line of Webster . street. 110 N of -Geary.
N 27:6 by E 80; $10. , . ««y.
Jacob Heyman Company to Joseph and Ma
rie Alexandra, lot on SW line of Eleventh
street, 130 NW of Harrison, NTV 23. SW 9T:T
SB to point opposite beginning, NE 04; $10.
-Frederick and Louise Boese to Chris Petro
slch. lot on W line of Angelica street. 820 8
of Nineteenth. S 25 by W 73: $10.
Tina Hinkel (wife of Charles I*) to Alex
ander Bond,' lot on E line of Sanchez street.
150 N of Fourteenth, N 61:6 by E 125* $10
William D. Chick to Matthew Harris, lot on
N Une of Liberty street, 80 E of Church. B
25 by.N 114; $10.
Vlncenso Brizzolara to Engenlo Brlzsolara.
undivided one-half of lot on. N Une of School
alley (Montgomery place), 117:6 W of Mont
gomery street. W 20. N 40; $10.
Frances G. Tlllman to TUlman Estate Com
pany, all interest In following: . Lot on 8
line of Butter street, 110 TV of Dupcnt, W 27-fl
8 w 37 ; 6: <Uso lot on 8 Ilne <* Harlan place,
170 W of Dupont street, also 128 N of Sutler!
W 23 by S 61; also lot. on S line of Green
street 137:6 B of Taylor, S 137:6 by E 137^
aUo lot on S Une of Sutter street, 258 B of
Stockton. E 20 by 8 120: also lot on B line of
Battery street, 39:9 N of Commercial, N" 20 by
E 60; also lot on BW corner of Broadway and
Larkln street, 8 137:8 by W 187:6; also lot on
S line of Pacific street. 208:3 TV of Leaven
worth. 8 187:6 by W 68:9; also lot on N lino
of Commercial street. 60 E of Battery B 2S
by N 59:9. 14.285 shares of stock? $-1^
Francis J. and John H. Tlllman to same
all interest -In same, 14.285 shares of stock;
• Elcle and Houston Cook to Su Frandsco
Coke and Gas Company, undivided thrm*.
elchths of block bounded by S Une of Bearh
street. E line of Powell. N line of Jeffen^L
TV line of Mason: $32,623. Jenerson,
Charles -and Mabel B. Schlesslnger to Btaw
Estate Company, lot on S line of Bush atr^t
137:8.W of Powell, S 137:6 by W 46- $10^^
i 6am« to same, lot on 8 line of Turk Mtm_i
112:6 W of Taylor. N 112:6 by W S- Ila
Starr Estate Company (corporation) ' to
Charles Schlessinger. lot on SB line of Mark.?
street, 225 NE of Fourth. ; NB 60 by SE^Oo!
Central Trust Company, of California to
Albe ? Swi^S^f 11 *, 101 -' 00 8W ltIM » <>« Third
160^* $10 •Harrison, .: NW 25 • by SW
Augustin 8. Macdonald to John H. Saanders.
_ Marie Heine to Gertrude Harfclnson, lot on
E line of Sixth »venw, 1A4 >T-of Lake street
N.23. E 12S:4. S 25>,:tV 12S; $10.
Annie S- and A. I>, ZXAncona to James and
Agnes M. Gilchrlst, lot on NE corner of Ninth
arenua and Lak« street. E Si: 6 by N 72»flO.
t J < f"" «? '!>•"» r- Hemenea fwiti
* M# oita Iot .°£ W l1ne ** Thlrtr-ninthVw*.
W*i20- Jlf. °* Polat Lobo » *venu*. S.4O by
Char'les E. LHley (aa trustee Thomas
Wootton> to WUliam J. Gunn. lot on E to.
of Eleventh avenue. 223 S of Point LoboS
arenue, S BO by B 120; $10. . «"*>•
Joseph B. and Eva Mel* Batten to J VT
Wright A Sons Investment Company lot oti
E line of Twenty-sixth avenue. 171:8* 8 of A
W e i2b; S $ta 8 ' 2W> N W 12 °< * •»*
Mary Badlam to Mary Oommlns, lot on X
Maty Cbmmlns. (wlf» of Edward) to" Omn»
D. Baldwin, game; $10,
Solomon and Dora G«t* to John T. WWlae*
lot on W lln« of Forty-fifth arenas 100 M
of M street. N 60 by TV 120? $10?
•Hobtnson Craven to Bemhard Gets lot «n
Henry H. Easter it sj. to Cbottaeatal BolM-
B^fde^i a 00r° CUltlOn ' >^? "«* *
San Francisco and Trans L*nd nr~~mm~m
to J*ines P. Burks, lot on TV line of roUora
street, at fonnw NW corner of Jttsom aod
Berp^ntlnj, avenn«. "W to Shotw*n B to fc
pentlne. fi to Folsora, !* to be»toaln* (Soro
erly 9erp«ntln« arem*); $130.
Same to same, lot oa E Ha* of Taiaoa
street at former NB oorner'of Tblsosaaad
Serpentine av«nn» B to Harrison. S to£r
pentlae. W to Foliom, VC to b*»lnntar (torn
«rly Serpentine avenue); JMO. 1
Samnel !«. and France* Lessrnsky' to Can
k,^- I 04 - 0 ? TV lla« of Stenyaa sSE
C0:ltt. E 122. lots « and T. Oaxwdoa HVr^ti:
Builders' Contracts.
Mm. Dor* I*tsen (owner) wlt& Frank <X Bos»
n«r (contractor), architects Bouss.au A Boa-
All work for alterations and additions t» »
two-story fram; bnUdtof tnto two flats ec 3
AAt* K. iVelnstern (vwner) wttH D«n>» Bre*.
(contractors), architects Dwsks Bros.— Ail work
for a two- story fram* bulldJat (two fi*a) oa
Ir^byVi&eTSIko."™ W J ™*°<- W
Mrs. Vlrjrlnla Masowvkt (owner) with Jsiaes
Booker (contractor and arehitaet) All work is* <
a two-story fram» building: (fiats) en E line o!
S?*$400O re * t ' 102B o£ TwroU « tJl « 8 23 by W
Elliabeti K. M. Olls>man (owner) wltH Hen
ry Conrad ' (contractor), . .- »rohlt»ot-^l!
work for a threo-story and basement Cram*
building m E Una of 8t«tn«r street, « S of
"Walter; $8000.. . — -
Milton A. and May H. Morgma (owners) wtta
KalKhin A Cain* (oontraotors). archi
tects — Foundation, carpenter work, prambin*.
painting, tinning-, shades, mantels and v*s fix
tures for a two-story fram* tmlldln* (two
flats) on IB line of Tremont avenue, 096 3 of
Frederick Btreot; $5650.
St. Francis Hospital Company (owners) with
J. J. O'Connor < contractor) architects Martens
ft Coff ey — Excavation, brick, tarre, ootta, oon
crete, stone work, bond iron. etc. for a fonr
' story brick building; on "W Un# of Julian ave
nue* 155 N of Fifteenth streei, I* 80 by W 100
$9420. ; v
Same 'owners with Kalrnln A' Cains (con
tractors), architects same— Carpenter, mill,
stair work, glazing, hardware, lathing plaster
ing and Iron work for same on same; $14,800.
The man who falls back on his ¦' an.
! cestors seldom seta to the front.
BERKELEY, Oct. 25.— A farmers' In
stitute with a distinct university flavor
and a Greek 'sacrificial pro«esslon to
round out the affair constituted an at
traction that drew E000 persons to the
Greek Theater on the university cam
pus this afternoon. The novelty of the
event was described fitly In a phrase by
President Wheeler when he spoke of it
as a "never-has-been."
The srlee club and university band,
rooters by hundreds and co-eds innu
merable, all panoplied in the distinctive
garb of university students, assisted in
welcoming the farmers who had trav
eled from interior points to attend this
notable institute. If ever there was a
chasm, real or Imaginary, between
academic folk and the agricultural pop
ulation, it was bridged over at the uni
versity to-day, when welcome of the
royal 6ort was extended to guests by
each of these sections of university
humanity and acknowledged by cheers
and handclapping from the guests to
express their pleasure In the reception
accorded them. A master mind ap
parently had planned that the pro
gramme should reflect the appreciation
which university men have for those
great agricultural interests that make
bo large a part of California's riches.
AS DID TIIE GREEKS OF OLD.
Notably interesting was the Greek
sacrificial procession, being a reproduc
tion in the life of the famous Parthe
non frieze. This came as the last
feature of the programme, and was
eagerly awaited, none leaving the place
until the procession had twice made its
way across the long stage of the Greek
theater.
1 A score or more students, members
mostly of the Greek department of- the
university, participated In this T>roces
elon. Their costumes were those worn
in the recent production of "AJax."
Garbed as Greeks of old, wearing gar
lands of flowers, carrying vessels as did
those who walked In Greece when such
processions were formed, bearing fruits
and grains to offer' on the altar, the
picturesque line made Its way across
the stage. ' The spectacle was suffi
ciently impressive to still the noise in
evitable in so great an assembly out of
doors, with a half-thousand children
included in its makeup. '
Governor Pardee, who was to have
been a speaker, was not able to be
present. A telegram expressing his re
gret was read by Professor B. J. Wick
son.
While the audience waited for the
formal programme to begin, 200 root
ers, supported by the university band,
entertained the throng with the famous
"Osky-wow-worr" yell and with college
songs galore, inserting in each a senti
ment appropriate to the occasion.
There were yells for H. C. Raap,
master of the. Calif ornia State Grange,,
cheers for the Farmers' Institute, for'
the farmers, for all the < industries of
the State, with the usual volleys . for
the university and its characters. ..
The glee club was recalled until its
members were weary. Their famous
medley, concluding with the "Osky
wow-wow," the "rooters Joining in,
evoked a storm of applause.
WELCOMES THE FARMERS.
President Wheeler congratulated the
farmers, upon the university, which, he
said, was their own, referring -,to the
wisdom and foresight - of their fore
fathers who had laid its foundation. He
said in part: x
This institution, founded on the selvage of
the West, ranks among the first five uni
versities of the country. Its greatness is in
keeping with that of the State, and when th«
6tat« develops 'its riches and acquires the
power which such a wise observer as X.yman
Abbott says it will eventually have in meas
ure exoeedlnr that of three such States as
New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania,
there will be non« to regret that the uni
versity was laid out on broad lines and gen
erously supported. .;_.--¦
The agricultural department of the university
has doubled Its service to the State each year.
This department Is well included in a unl.
verslty. for Us serrtoe Is allied to that of
other deparments — engineering-, mining and
the like— whose aim is the bettering of the
State and 1U life. The registration of this
department regularly increases. It is v three
times a« rreat this year as it was five years
ago and we expect in the future an even
greater increase. In these surroundings, at
our hearthstone, where we come to warm our
selves and warm others, with our students
and our friends, we bid you now a cordial
welcome and beg that you feel at home.
CHEERS FOR RAAP. .
Mr. Raap's response for the State
Grange dealt with the problems of
farmers and the work done by the
grange in solving them. He described
the farmers' loyalty to and trust In the
university. When* he concluded he re
ceived from the "rooters" a character
istic salute. ¦--- ' -J
"Thank you," said Mr. Raap.
"You're welcome," yelled the rooters
In chorus, as quick wltted yell leader
Bulkeley gave the signal.
Before the Greek sacrificial proces
sion entered, F. T. Blanchard recited!" a
prologue. "The Athenian's Vision," by
Professor - Isaac Flagg, a poem pur
porting J to express the feelings of a
Greek of old when surveying the an
cient sacrificial procession. .
The programme to-night in Hearst
Hall was as follows, the general sub
ject being "University Extension" and
Professor John Fryer presiding: -''His
tory, Purposes and Methods" of Univer
sity Extension," Professor H. -Morse
Stephens; "University Extension in
Agriculture," Professor E. J. Wickson;
"Reading" and Correspondence Courses,"
W. T. . .. larke. , -¦..'-..,
MiUtary exercises by the university
battamm will be given to-morrow
morning for the visitors' benefit. Ses
sions of the institute will be held in
the morning, afternoon and . night
throughout Wednesday and Thursday.
REPUBLICAN ORATORS
ADDRESS LARGE MEETING
Discuss Issues of the Campaign
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1 1016 Broadway, Oct. 25.
Republicans held an enthusiastic
rally to-night at Washington Hall,
East Oakland. The place was packed
to the doors with voters who gathered
to hear Supervisor Harry D. Rowe,
Senator G. R. Lukens, R. H. E. Es
pey, nominee for the Assembly, and
Colonel T. V. Eddy of San Francisco
discuss the various phases of the cam
paign. *>¦;. - -~/C
Frank R. Thompson was chairman
of the meeting and in a happy vein in
troduced the different speakers.
Owing to Illness R. H. E- Espey was
unable to be present and address the
audience and words were spoken in
his behalf by Justice of the Peace Wil
liam R. Geary. Between speeches
musical selections were rendered by a
male quartet and a mandolin and
guitar club.
The first speaker introduced was Su
pervisor Harry D. Rowe, who received
a hearty reception from the audience.
He called attention to the record of
the party and gave it as his belief
that the people should support. the
Republican ticket, not because it Is
the Republican ticket, but because he
believed it Is in a large measure re
sponsible for the prosperity the coun
try Is enjoying.
He was followed by Justice of the
Peace Geary, who called attention to
the sterling qualities of R. ¦ H. E. Es
pey, who is well and favorably known
In the community in which he Is a
candidate. Mention was . made by
Chairman Thompson of the candidacy
of Joseph R. Knowland for Congress.
He was not able to be at the meeting,
but was favorably mentioned by all of
the speakers. fc
Senator, Lukens called the attention
of the audience to the necessity of
electing Republican State Senators and
Assemblymen this fall; the election of
a United States Senator is to come be
fore the coming Legislature and It is
desired that a Republican be sent to
Washington who will strengthen the
administration of President Roosevelt.
The epeaker of the evening was then
introduced In Colonel T. V. Eddy, who
interested the audience with a general
discussion of the questions which are
now interesting the great minds -of the
country. He also made a few happy
remarks In regard to the, candidacy of
Harry D. Row© for Supervisor.
OAKLAND. ' Oct, 25.— An enthus
iastic Republican rally was held at
Niles this evening. The speakers were
Assemblyman Phil M. Walsh of ', this
city and local candidates C. F. Horner,
J. G. Mattos and E. K. Strowbridge.
Wednesday evening L.S. Church,
C. F. Horner, J. G. Mattos and E. K.
Strowbridge will preach Republican
gospel to the people of Pleasanton. ¦
LOS ANGELES BEAUTY
IS JAILED FOR THEFT
WTLIi CAMPAIGN . IN
! OAKLAND FOR CONVERTS
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 25. — Miss Alice
Pawl, a nurse of 20, and who Is known
as one of the city's beautiful women,
¦was taken from the theater to a
felon's, cell In- the City Jail to-night.
Bhe was locked up on a charge of
burglary, and was unable to account
for stolen goods found in her trunk.
The police believe she is a professional
thief and that she has pilfered from
the many, homes to which she has had
access. ' . ...-¦¦
OAKLAND, Oct. 25.~-Evangelical
meetings on the. most, complete scale
ever attempted in Oakland have* been
arranged by the Ministers' Association
of this city. Under the -leadership of
J. Wilbur Chapman of New York, one
of the most • distinguished evangelists
in the United States, a staff of eminent
men In that work will make a gospel
campaign here that is expected to pro
duce great* results.-". . .
•At*- a .-meeting to-day, at the First
Presbyterian ; Church ., the . preliminary
steps were taken toward .'arranging • a
programme. If , was : announced • that
Dr. Chapman would be accompanied
to the coast by four men of note
among them Willis Baer, former, in
ternational secretary of Christian En
deavor work. -''Ja.'toBMMae—a—
Says lie Got 1 the Divorce.
OAKLAND; Oct. '25.— Anthony Si
mons denies • the ¦ report that Mrs. A'u
gusta Kramm, * who" was married" -to'
Fred Peterson on- Thursday last:' at
Martinez," had" secured atdivorce from
him; "-He says slhat". he ?' procured > the
divorce' himself from the; lady andJ has
documents ; in his ; possession , to f verify
his statements. ,_' , , -; v ''/.'¦-¦¦
Manrla«r§ Licenses. : A
', OAKLAND, ;Oct. 2 5.— The following
, marriage' licenses .were ; issued* by the
County. Clerk to-day: . ", Arigelol' J.' ;GI
nocchio," over I 21,' San -Francisco, -and !
Celestine \E. u Garibaldi;": over.' 1 8/ Oak-,
land; * George! P. 1 ' Mockel,\7over' 21;; arid
Lizzie Walthour, over 1 8, both- of Oak-1
land;/ John'- Avila, -30. ¦ - and^ Lavinla"
Helmerle,* 2 8;' both of Oakland. -¦: - ¦% £
Against the estate, however, there
are several heavy \ claims contracted
by Mrs. Dunsmuir for works of art
which have been rejected j by Lovell
and over which suits are now pending.
The Scott Stamp Company, Lim
ited, has a claim for canceled and un
canceled stamps to the amount of
$1482 83, which, It Is said, were deliv
ered to Mrs. Dunsmuir prior to her
death. George Barrio & Son of Phil
adelphia have a claim for $9463 76
for - pictures and bric-a-brac E.
Holdaway & Co. Is suing for $15,192,
the amount remaining due on a pur
chase of nearly $30,000 -worth of rare
books.
The affairs of Edna Wallace Hop
per, the actress. In relation to the es
tate ' Inherited from her mother, the
late Josephine Dunsmuir, are set forth
In an accounting made by. Charles H.
Lovell, the executor of the will of the
deceased, and filed with the courts to
day. The 3 products- from Souther
Farm, the beautiful country, home
near San. Leandro, were sold last year
for $14,136 70. The disbursements
including money advanced to Mrs.
Hopper were J1J2.183 87, leaving a bal
ance to the credit of the estate of
$2133 83.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 25.
The history of the title of "Colonel"
Frank Lynch, proprietor of Satro Park,
at Frultvale, and of the feud between
him and B. Q. Blackman, C. Hardwlck,
Eugene Dean, C. Stlckney and Ed Car
roll, who he has had . arrested " for" dis
turbing his • peace, was gone : Into this
afternoon at the trial of Blackman, the
first of- the defendants ' to stand trial,
: before Justice of the Peace Qulnn. ; .
Blackman testified that: Lynch's- rep
utation for honesty and veracity was
bad and that he would not believe him
under oath. -He. was* corroborated In
this by his four codefendanta. Lynch,
with his wife, testified that the defend
ants" had ' called him " vile names and
paraded about his house with shotguns.
"How did you come to have the title
of colonel?" asked Attorney Rlnehart.
"By the courtesy of the Governor of
Kentucky," replied Lynch. „
"I would like to say to this court that
this same colonel took my client to the
lonesomeness of his -own wilderness at
Fruitvale and with -only his own shad
ow as a witness threatened to kill him,"
said Rinehart. *
"Well, it's up to you to show that he
did," replied the court.
The testimony drew 'forth the. fact
that Lynch was trying to get; a permit
from the Board '. of Supervisors to r sell
liquor at his park, and that he was be
ing opposed by the men whom he has
had arrested. He also conducts a week
ly paper and has taken occasion to say
some unpleasant things about- the men
;who are now fighting him.
j Blackman admitted that on one occa
sion a fight nearly occurred, and that
it was only prevented by Lynch's re
fusal to come off his own land to fight,
while he, Blackman, had dared him to
come out into the street.
-The trial ( of Blackman was finished
this afternoon, but Justice Qulnn staged
that he would reserve his decision until
all of the men had been tried, as -the
testimony was about the same In each
case. .- , : .^
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, : Oct. 25.
ROOTERS CHEER GUESTS
ply Sources of Company
Public Display Is Made to
Show the Increased Sup-
Says Present Conditions Are
Such as to Be Menace
to American Civilization
Only $1,312,988 Remains on
Hand After Deduction of
Charges «nd Dividends
Defendants on Trial for
Disturbing His Peace Say
That He Would Not Fight
Products of tteautif ul Home
Near San Leandro Sold
to a Good Advantage
HE DISCUSSES DIVORCE
MAPS ; ON EXHIBITION
COURTESY OF GOVERNOR
FARM SHOWS A PROFIT
VERY SMALL SURPLUS
Institute Opens With Exercises
in University's Greek Theater
History of How Col/ Erank
Lynch Obtained a Title
Interests^ His Enemies
Claims , Against Estate of
Edna Wallace Hopper Are
Rejected by the Executor
Water Committee Said " to
Hang Between Bay Cities
and Artesian Well Scheme
Bishop Potter Beads Pastoral
Letter Touching on' the
Problems- Before Country
Quarterly, Financial State
ment. Reveals Enormous
Decrease in Net Earnings
FARMERS ARE ROYALLY
GREETED BY STUDENTS
TELL OF FEUD
BEFORE COURT
REJECTS BILLS
FOR ART WORK
EPISCOPALIANS
END SESSION
STEEL TRUST'S
POOR SHOWING
MILLER'S PLAN,
IS DISCUSSED
THE SAN ? FRANCISCO : CALL', WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER; 26.- 1904.
NEWS OF THE CGUNf Y OF ALAMEDA
4
,:.i . , '¦¦_ _ ____ ADVER^siafEyrs. _ '
fa te love children, and no
Wm iiiii^lli tome can be completely
WW vBBI^iil %$ havpy without them, yet the
«- w (ffdeal through which theeac*
pectant mother must pass usually is
l^iSPRBii H danger and fear
I >iHllkl ViMM W that she looks forward to the critical
MntiiPr^ fJL~a x~-> h °^ 'and dread.
Mother S Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
aDays nause^, nervousness, and VilftopfcasM*Mirii£:and
so TOepares the system for the '
ordeal that she passes through MS] if^ S 1^^ >Tftv F 1^ 9 sT\
the event safely and with but PinSflHB
have testined" and ; said "it is ¦
APVERTISEMEXTS.
Cures
Sore Throat
A Karmless Antiseptic.
Endorsed by the medical profession!
Send ten cents to pay postage on *
free trial bottle. . Sold ¦ by Lead-
rag: Druggists. Not genuine unless
label bears my signature :
§ (Sib Prince SUNsY^
Wfije for free booklet on Rational Treat- >'
ment of Disease r .
i OFREE FREE x FREE \
y . WITH /
SUNDAY CALLx
WANT: ADS. ~
; - A .Coupon Entitling ; You to One-
;,;'..' Pound {40c .
"TOP K QyALlTY" COFFEE of '
/THE GREAT; AMERICAN/, j
f ; IIMPORTING^TEA. CO. >
: With EyVry/ 25c Small v Ad
T Hiri^ SUNDAY: CALL. - ;
. Sec; SmajlVAdj Page , for j FurtherBELLJXGHAM, Wash., Oct. 25.
The shingle blockade is broken. With
in two days the Great Xorthern and
Canadian Pacific have distributed mora
than 100 cars to mills in and near
Bellingham, and are bringing mora
each day. Thus far the Northern Pa
cific has given little relief. Manufac
turers are encouraged and feel that
the threatened paralysis of the shingle
Industry Is averted. .
Shingle Blockade Broken.
AUBURN, I Oct. 25.— William Jones. a
piowser i resident ' of Gold - Run. . wai struck ¦ by
the cars. this moraine and killed. - ¦ v
European * Residents of Lnrashe Fear
.-;* an Assault Will Be Made by . J
¦¦- r : K'-'^ : v : -:^WbcsmeiDu\'- : . .
• TANGIER, Oct. £ 2 5.— Larashe, ; a
fortlnedNseaport jtownr of ;4000 inhabi-'
taTiits,'; 18 "now*. besieged;* by;*! the .rebel
lious ;Sahel : ; Kabyles.;, 1 The " European
residents, ; fearing, an ; assault,T.have ap£
pealed to the foreign ¦'< legations for
auxiliary; forces/. ; '"
SEAPORT IN MOROCCO
BESIEGED ': BY j REBELS
GLEN ELLEN/ Oct. : 25.;— -The (pre
liminary examination; of John Solan!
for the killing of John Guidotti ; last
Sunday evening was held before Jus
tice J.W.' Gibson at Glen Ellen to-day;
L. Ricci; who was also shot by" SolanI,
was the principal witness. His state
ments were not clear at this;investiga
tion. It is oiaimed that the 'is being
intimidated. The accused ¦ was , held
for trial before ; the . Superior. Court.
Held Over to Higher Court.
- ..FRESNO, Oct. 25.— Judge Church
to-day rendered his decision on the
motion to set aside the ¦ letters \ of ad
ministration given R. . D." Chlttenden
on the $3,000,000 estate of Jane; Davis
over which the .administrators of Tu
lare, Fresno and San Francisco coun
ties have been fighting. The court de
nied the motion "without prejudice,''
thus allowing it to be -renewed in an
other form or by other persons. ¦
Court Refuses to Set Aside Letters
Granted Him In., the
Davis Estate.
TOPEKA, Kans., Oct. 25. — The Kan
sas ' Supreme • Court issued to-day, a
mandatory order," requiring the Board
of Education of the city of Coffeyvllle
to admit tb.the white schools the chil
drentof ?."Bud", Cartwright,! a negro.
The writ is : alternative and the, board
is -"allowed <¦ until November • 4 v to i show
cause why the negro ; children should
not be admitted to the white schools.
¦ The case ' results from a fight of two
years* standing,- which, 'the;- negroes
have;maQe to have their children ad
mitted to white schools.
Case Which Has. Been Bit
terly Foneht.
Kansas Supreme Court Issues Order in
FRESNO ADMINISTRATOR
VICTOR IN LEGAL BATTLE
MUST ADMIT NEGROES
TO THE .WHITE SCHOOLS
Position for Longrstreefs Widow.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 25.— President
Roosevelt to-day directed the appoint
ment of Mrs. James Longstreet to be
postmaster at Gainesville, Ga. Mrs.
Longstreet is the widow of General
James Longstreet.
HERINGTON. Kans., Oct. 26.— A
monument erected by the Quivera So
ciety to Juan Padilla, the first mar
tyred priest of the American conti
nent, who was murdered near here,
was unveiled to-day. Congressman
Culflerhead and J. V. Brower of Min
neapolis, Minn., were the principal
speakers. A battery from Fort Riley
fire'd a salute. A large crowd wit
nessed the ceremonies. »>;!
Monument to 3Iartyred Priest.
It's the lucky man who tells you
there is no such thing as luck.
A New Art Gallery.
We have converted our picture room
Into a beautiful art gallery for the exhi
bition and sale of moderate priced paint
ings, water colors, pastels, etchings and
fine photographs. Inspection Cordially
invited. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
Inspects Sanitary Reduction Works.
City Engineer Woodward yesterday
paid a: visit of inspection to the San
itary Reduction" Works, which is in
stalling a sprinkling system to pre»
vent the noxious odors emanating
from the smoke. The system is about
half constructed. At present from
eight to ten tons of solid matter are
precipitated daily over the city from
the smoke, but this will be lessened
by the sprinkling of water on the
burning garbage. Woodward thinks
the combustion is imperfect and that
by doubling the heat the conditions
will be greatly improved. ;•;
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— Experts In
foreign exchange said to-day that
Thursday's shipment of gold to Paris
Is made profitable only by reason of
the fact that the Bank of France, in
order to attract gold to that country.
Is offering American shippers interest
en the gold during transit The
Reichsmarck Bank of Berlin is said to
be offering similar inducements. This
Is the first time in years that such In
ducements have been offered-
Bank of France and Berlin Institution
Offer Inducements to American
Shippers.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25. — John C.
Haddock, an independent coal mine
owner and operator, testifying to-day
before the Interstate Commerce Com
mission) in the case of William R.
Hearst against the coal carrying rail
roads, said that as a result of tariff
discrimination his company suffered a
loss of more than $800,000 in less than
eight years. This loss meant the dif
ference between solvency and In
solvency, and his company, which at
one time had a reputation of high
standing, which he Jealously guarded,
as a result of the alleged discrimina
tion is now in the hands of trustees.
Haddock said that he, had persis
tently complained to the management
of the Lackawanna Company and had
been met by the proposition that he
turn his properties over to the rail
road. This he had declined to do. , In
the end there was a compromise, by
which he received $150,000 from the
Lackawanna Company in settlement of
his claim for $800,000J Haddock also
said that the Lackawanna Company
would not supply a sufficient number
of. cars 'to handle the output of his
mines during the anthracite coal
strike. ,. ,
When Haddock had completed his
testimony, counsel announced that the
complainant would rest his case.
It is expected that the case will be
appealed to the United States District
Court by the Portland attorney for
the Chinaman, who is indignant at
the ruling.
BELLINGHAM, Wash., Oct. 25.—
Lee You, the alleged Chinese mer
chant of Portland. Or., haa been or
dered deported by United States Com
missioner Kline.
Two weeks ago the man was dis
missed by Commissioner Williams on
the strength of his own testimony and
papers which had once before been
accepted. Immigration officers im
mediately rearrested 'him and secured
a hearing beftfre Commissioner Kline,
who sustains their contention that the
bars . for Chinese Immigration would
be practically let down If the testi
mony of the accused, alone had to be
accepted as sufficient.
The Standard OH Company depart* from its
usual custom in making; this denial for the
reason that the statements being made at 'this
time by newspapers, magazines and sensa
tional public speakers appear t* be unusually
mendacious and may, to some extent, mislead
tho public
In view of the many false and misleading
statements from various sources, the directors
of the Standard Oil Company deem It advis
able to state to the company's shareholders
and the public that neither now nor at any
time has the Standard OH Company or any
of Us constituent companies been Interested
In any business not directly related with and
necessary to the petroleum trade. It would be
almost impossible to designate in this denial
the different classes of business with which ir
responsible parties have coupled the Standard
Oil Company"s name, but it may not be amiss
to specify copper, f>teel, banks, railroads and
gas (other than natural gas) as being most
prominently mentioned. With none <of these
aftalrs has the Standard Oil Company been at
any time connected. Individual members of
the Standard Oil Company have been and are
Interested as Individuals In various enterprises
but this is entirely outside of the business of
the Standard Oil Company, which is oil alone,
unaffected by other Interests In which its
stockholders may invest. ¦
Neither Is it true that the Standard Oil
Company, John I>. Rockefeller or any officer
of the Standard Oil Company has taken part
In securing the nomination of any of the can
didates for office, as is so positively stated.
Furthermore, it Is entirely untrue that there
is any "Standard Oil party" banded together
for speculation In stocks, as Is so generally
charged. The name of tho Standard OH Com
pany is frequently used by designing persons
In the manipulation of the stock market, but
Its use Is unwarranted.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— C. T. Dodd,
of counsel for the Standard Oil Com
pany, authorized to-day the following
statement:
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 25.— Adjutant
General J. B. Lauck to-day announced
that he would take no action in the
matter of Lieutenant C. T. Tichbornc
of San Diego, a member of Company B
of the Seventh Infantry, National
Guard of California, who has been dis
missed from the Journeymen Plumb
ers' Union because he would not give
up his commission in the National
Guard. General Lauck said he regret
ted the circumstance, but thought it
was purely a local matter and should
be fought out in San Diego- without in
terference from his office. He said he
did not believe that any thinking
American laborer would, oppose any
member of his organization because of
his connection with the National Guard,
which is for the protection of the union
men as well as any other citizen.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call,
3TTEREST PAID OS GOLD
DURING TRANSIT TO EUROPE
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
steamers, etc.. at low rates. One trunk (sin
trie trip) 35 cents; round trip 50 cents. Morton
(Special Delivery. 308 Taylor »t.. 650 Market
St.. Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 46*
Notice to Passengers.
Independent Operator Says
He Was Forced Into In
solvency by Discrimination
Commissioner .Kline Holds
That Alleged Chinese Mer
. chant Must Be Deported
Lauck Will Not 3[eddle With
Trouble Between Militia
man and San Diego Union
Standard Oil Denies That It
Deals in Other Business
or Meddles in Politics
WILL NOT LET
THE BARS DOWN
COAL COMBINE
RUINS DEALER
PURELY LOCAL
SAYS ADJUTANT
PETROLEUM ITS
ONE INTEREST
TOLEDO, Ohio. Oct. 25. — A. R.
Knabenshue Is the second son of S. S.
Knabenshue of the Toledo Bla >. He
Is 27 years old and is an electrical en
gineer and inventor by occupation.
For the last six years he has given
much attention to aeronautics. He
¦went to St. Louis before the World's
Fair opened to work on the electrical
Installation and has for two months
been In charge of the captive balloon
In the aeronautic concourse.
Record of Knabenshue, Who Made
Trip Through the Air.
A horse hitched to a delivery wagon
belonging to the San Francisco De
livery Parcel Company, while being
subject to a whipping at the hands
of two boys, Joseph Sweeney and
Frank Whitman, on a steep grade on
Missouri street, resisted the severity
of his treatment by kicking Swe"eney
on the head. As a result of the
horse's retaliation Sweeney was treat
ed at the Potrero Hospital for a deep
lacerated wound on the forehead and
a possible fracture of the skull. The
injured boy lives at 265 Shipley street.
Whitman lives at 1052 Folsom street.
Horse Resists Being Whipped.
AERONAUT AX ELECTRICIAN.
With all the gayeties and weddings
that are absorbing time and attention,
there is no cessation of interest in the
clever vaudeville performance to be
held at the Alhambra Theater to-mor
row-night for. the benefit of, .Old St.
Mary's. The benefit for the ancient and
well-beloved landmark is now the fore
most feature on the bills for Thursday
night.
The patronesses are. Mrs. Andrew
Welch, Mrs. Eugene Lent. Mrs. M. H. de
Young, the Misses de Young. Mrs. John
J. Deane, Miss Mary Deane, Miss Dil
lon, Miss Phelan, Mrs. Ella Murray,
Mrs. Charles W. Clark, Mrs. Richard
The vaudeville programme "is of the
cleverest order and will be under the
management of Luke Cgnness of the Al
cazar, whose ability in stage directing
is too well known to admit of anything
but success. Tickets are on sale to-day
at Sherman & Clay's.
Tobin, Mrs. Admiral Whiting, Miss Gib
bon, Miss Georgiana, Mrs. Maurice
Casey. Mrs. Joseph Young. Miss Es
telle Young, Mrs. Admiral Kirkland,
Mrs. Joseph Sadoc Tobin, Mrs. J. Dow
ney Harvey, Mrs. Frank J. • Sullivan,
Mrs. Walter Dean, Miss Ada Sullivan,
Mrs. A. H. Payson, Mrs. Jack Parrott,
Miss Alice Hager. Miss Keenan and
Mrs. John R. Chadwick.
WELL KNOWN SOCIETY WOMAN. WHO IS ONE? OF THE 'PATRONESSES OF
THE BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT WHICH IS TO BE GIVEN IN THE AL
HAMBRA THEATER TO-MORROW NIGHT FOR OLD ST. MARY'S CHURCH.
Mrs. W. P. Buckingham made her
debut last evening in a dramatic re
cital at Lyric Hall and her intelligent
reading of the strong scenes of Shake
spear's "Macbeth" was commended by
an audience, which If small in num
bers was large intellectually.
Mrs. Buckingham is a member of
the California Club, president of the
Cap and Bells Club and founder of an
other woman's organization of literary
bent. For a first appearance 'Mrs.
Buckingham did well. The perform
ance .was preliminary to a tour of the
United States and the talented and
plucky; lady may; f e"el"encouraged after
her initial effort.' Some of the scenes
were interestingly presented and
strength of portrayal will come with
subsequent recitals.
Miss Helen Darling as a gentle
woman, and William Pierson as the
doctor, gave good aid in the last act —
the famous sleep-walking scene.
Mrs. Buckingham's gowns while strict
ly appropriate were- elaborate.
<:ivrs Clever Hccital of Shakespeare's
"Macbeth',' Preliininarj- to Tour
of the Continent.
MHS. BI7CKINGI1AM MAKES
» Di:BUT AS PROrESSIOXAL
Tin* jtMt.!: y comprised a large dia
mond uiui .i.i ¦>• fleur de lis, a diamond
and sui>phii:- jjin, diamond and emerald
pin, :i dfutr.ond and ruby marquise, a
diamond am; :u>arl i>in and an un
mounted :-earl. All the stones were of
Kieat value ami were much cherished
by Mrs. Wallace as keepsakes from her
iiushand.
DeterfiM s Metailed on the case have
searched all the pawnshops without
yetting any trace of the missing arti
cles.
Mrs. Wallace, who recently arrived
from England, had rooms in the El
Cerrito apartment-house, at Washing
ton and L.arkin streets. ¦ On October 13
she was packing up her effects prepar
atory to moving to the Altamont, at
Washington and Mason streets. She
placed her jewels in a small linen bag,
which she deposited In her chatelaine.
She left the room for fifteen minutes,
leaving the purse on a chair. When she
returned bag and jewels were gone.
No one was in sight but Mrs. Wal
lace's servant, an old woman named
"Bridget." Mrs. Wallace says that
"Bridget" is honest, so the police elim
inated "Bridget" from possible suspi
cion. A thief could have gained en
trance to Mrs. Wallace's apartments
through a kitchen door which connect
ed with her rooms, or through the front
door, which was wide open. Mrs. Wai-
Inn.' snys that her chatelaine could
have fooen seen froro the front door, and
Imagines that some one in the house
pasFlriK tiiH'ugh. the hallway saw it and
took it
Mrs. H. Wallace reported to the po
lice on October 13 that she had been
robbed of jewels valued at $5000. The
police industriously kept . the matter
quiet until yesterday, when, having for
two weeks failed to get even a clew to
the thief, they condescended to make it
public. , -
Stones Worth $5000 Disap
pear From Room While
Owner Is Out for Moment
v v I
personal supervision of Captain Bald
win ot California, and differs in many
features from shir's constructed in the
part. The eas balloon is cigar-shaped,
of Japanese silk, fifty-four feet In
length and seventeen feet in diameter,
and requires SCoO cubic feet of gas to |
innate it. The frame attachment is
thirty feet in length. It carries a double
cylinder seven horsepower gasoline en- j
grine making 2000 revolutions a minute ]
to drive the propellers. One of the chief ;
features of the machine is an arrange
ment whereby the ship is pulled
through the air instead of being pushed.
To-day's fiight was not a trial for the
World's I'air 5100.000 prize.
Thomas S. Baldwin, owner of the air
ship, said to-night that Knabenshue
had made the trial ascent to-day in
stead of himself because of the former's
light weight. '*„ '-
"But I will go up myself in a few
days," added Baldwin, "and I'll show
,3'ou something startling in aerial navi
gation and maneuvering."
The Arrow. Baldwin says. Is the light
est aerial craft yet designed, the com
bined weight being between SOO and 400
pounds. He states that the accident to
the motor was caused by the chain
•which operates the two propellers slip
ping from the wheel, caused by the
speed of the motor.
OAKLAND, Oct. 25.— The Baldwin
airship was invented by Captain T. S.
Baldwin, who aided Dr. Greth in the
construction of the ship in which the
latter made a successful flight in San !
Francisco. The airship was built by j
Captain Baldwin in this city and was
first tested at Idora Park on August 2 j
of this year. A company known as the j
\merican Airship Company financed j
Siie construction of Baldwin's machine. !
and after the ship was completed the
inventor made several experimental as- \
censions. all of which were successful. !
Underneath the balloon, suspended by
a network of cords, is the frame which
holds the engine, propeller and rudder
und upon which the operator stands.
This frame is fifty-two feet in length
and weighs sixty pounds. It is made
of aluminum, and by a system of piano
wire guys and very light braces it is
made perfectly rigid. Just forward of
the amidship section of the frame is the
engine, which is of the regular double
cylinder gasoline type. The engine is
geared to the propeller by a chain and
sprocket gear. When the engine is run
ning at full speed the propeller makes
ISO revolutions a minute.
In one particular the Baldwin airship
differs from any heretofore invented.
This is in the location of the rudder
and propeller. The latter instead of be
ins at the stern of the ship is placed
at the bow. and the ship is pulled in
stead of being pushed through the air.
The rudder is placed at the stern, and
the inventor claims that the air forced
back from the propeller strikes the
rudder, when it is deflected and is of
preat assistance in maneuvering. The
f=hip may be raised or lowered while in
the air by elevating or depressing the
bow. This Is done by means of a slid
ing weight, ¦which at the will of the
operator can be moved toward the bow
or the stern, thus raising or lowering
the bow, and when this is done the
propeller forces the ship up or brings
it down.
Baldwin made his first successful
fiight from Idora Park at 6 o'clock on
the morning of August 2. He sailed in
several directions, running both with
and against the wind, and after re
maining up thirty minutes made a safe
landing at the starting point. After
this he made several successful trips,
thoroughly demonstrating that his ship
was under complete control.
Continued From Page 1, Column i.
POLICE WITHOUT A CLEW
Coast Airship
Wings Its Way
Over St. Louis
Mrs. H. Wallace Leaves Bag
of Jewels on Chair and
Later Finds Them Gone
WOMAN LOSES
COSTLY GEMS
Old St. Mary's in Need
VAUDEVILLE TO BE GIVEN
AT THE ALMAnBRA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26.. 1904.
5
- ADVERTISEJIENTS.
Budweiser
Family Beverage
_^^ 100,402,500
~"^^L:^ff\^^^^ fc Bottles Sold in I9O3
and of this three-fifths was
used in homes. A significant
"3&73Z||C\\i^ showing-, proving the waning
t7&*uM^X&r\ popularity of the sideboard
w«S*pc^ii/ decanter and promoting the
cause of '"' v'
True Temperance
Yon will not have seen St. Louis* Greatest Attraction if you fail to visit
the Anheuser-Busch Brewery while attending the world's Fair;
Orders Promptly Filled by m—.mmmm*r
TILLMANN & BENDEL, Pacific Coast Distributes.
APVERTISEMEyTS.
CASTOR] A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of C^Oi^f^^d^
¦ . ¦ *s . -
4 visit DR." JORDAN'S o«iat4
IMUSEUH OF ANATOMY f
A gb i!!iiaa«sT.t»t.jTh»7u,s.y.Cii.^
\ jqr '¦ TImi Lwrut Aaatoalcal Mowm bilk* \
O ISffai 5p«e»l«« •« ti« C««fc Eitit,«n. O
d ti*S?l OR* JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN fi
\ iHXfofi ,C°"«>» 1 »*» frt* *nd itrictly priTiti. \
§ I Ml Tr-tment penowUljr « b r Icttar. A A
\ I tf «!l B **«#•* CW» la *r*tj ate Bid«t«ien. \
nvU, Rfl Writ* for Bo«k. rniLOMtrBV mt A
" n ¦ II" ¦¦*¦»»¦*•*. MAiLao fk««. rxf
X . Q y, ._ nlubl* took Cm mm) \
V DB. JOBDAN * CO.. 1041 Market St.. S. F. Y
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensai-y,
629 KEABNTST. Kstablisbrd
In 1.H34 for the tr«atmeiit of Private
Di.t«iues. I^wt Munhood. Debility or
rtiiwase wearlnron body ami mini! and
Sktn Dismiws. The Doctorcnrwwiien
others fair. :¦ Try-bun.--. ITiargM low.
1'nrea jraaran teed. ChII or write.
Dr. JF. r. UIBBOX.bau Fmy^co,CaL
THE EMPORIUM. j. THE E>IPORIU31. I THE KM1-ORIU31.
| BushnetFs Panet P/atino Photographs Free $
JJ With every boy y s or girV s suit or coat, with every trimmed hat, and with every jj
«? lady* s suit or coat bought in the handsome second floor departments. Ask about them. \
I Wednesday only £./«/© GtHs' DrBSSBS I
Jt *UG HOailtOI* — !<S* *»-«NeW • fiirls' Peter Ihomiaon Sailor Sate— 5
8 ? u J i '? aa 5o Ydm • !St% IPS %£%%»T£?*£ -i
5 Our New Yoric buyer picked up in g^ P SgS emblem on arms, bi<> sailor 1
3V one of the mids two case, of these tf§i£-^£ bmK collar, black silk /&*% J«
k » fail washable waist and wrapper /^^§^< (m^^fe>V tie onl y • ¦ • *P*3 m **** *
ij material, They arc medium m^^W^/^^¥\ "Bvsl'cr Brown" Dresses— As pic- 2
j; weight fabric, more c:os C y woven / /^VU| W W& § \ A tured, also a few Russian S
| -SC^/srlL^^tt. WmM 1 H/Sk hW\ VT e d T ses ' in red ' navy ' i
% make over 7C, and unrcsrrvciiy _ /\ W : ! j»| ? /JJIA^W t\ Gobe.in Of brown. — *% 4+ J
J» your choice to-day, f er yard . . . 5C i\\ Y^^JjaV V » : »O marted . . . *
j choice O t our entire s :ock o f San- W / f/i i R\\/\\ \ \y Center P.eces 98c
I Jords 9 xi2 AxmmsUr Rugs, W I H 11 M Jl \ Worth $1.50 to $2.5O \
| zo.d.ftcrent patterns inc.uoiog Another lot of those be.nnhnb.od "?
f a manv of the popu ar Persian dc- Meg BSa \ &tt\Stk \ u -a j • j "x
* . • , . , * , «*•» ElS I t£& l^a \ embroidered crntcr pieces and «2
j; signs, regulany here $27.50 each; Eg ffl / Rf «1 i <io;ri «» such< " w = on sale thr« week, ,J
j^ this week . . (Si'^'S M££b iW %W J J^y '^w / a?0 ' t * xzt wtrc » :I S °W cu: before 3 in the f
V '. ; :;^. ,. . . %pdm M m%9^M J& ' Hf / Bj jB j afternoon. These are worked in pre.ty j*
$ 5i8.ooto .M?.oo Smvrna Rugs. / ff} sS* ( Mi J ns of r i:d ro4es ' h f ie '» P^'"*' «
SG1J1 J9n r n COO > nn ~^» % '^20B.^j£0r f. daisies, poppies, etc.; to-day g* O^ .«
• • • $14.40 to $28.00 ani Thursday, eich S8C X
•i[ ,. ' t J
I Safe Bags 21c High Pressure Special Values %
*• 35c and §2.95 Gas Lamps 59c in Good Fur : J
| >^ Children's Hand Bags /~%s. Complete with bur. NeckScarfs *
J t A Walrus grain / irt '//\ ncr ' doube frame and lo ° Handsome B.ack Coney Scarfs — J
$ fl J lpofhpr l-thpr I wS): a PP ed mant2l « and • Finished with clus:er of three tails, 'j
5 o % &_ handle \ -W^ g8nnlne J ena air hoe 45 mches from tip totip 5/.25 X
6 iwi^Wii If \ mnro. lln' \*"'WM? g-°bcs; suitable for ioo Black French Conev wirh Fu!: "5
i W&Wml 1 r DUSe W homes or .tore,;.. pc- T.iU_6o inches from tip to tip; f
I m^iSJLJL I" match &i cialvrue at our regular each $1 a50 $
% 'fepiitl't o - d a v ©S^ . P ""' 8 ° C; a bar S ain . 5° Fine R»ver Mink Scarfs— C-ustcr •{
5° P'-v ; :'./'. : !' : ' v.Vl on | v - indeed, at to-day's «a'e of three tails, full 40 inches from jf
JI m»^^'*M' ifJf price . . ... 59C t5 P to "P> P ric= • • • $2m5O %
'If 30 different styles of gas reading lamps, up
J Misses' Hand Dags— Walrus grain to S2J.00 each §1 m QQ JuLlCtS 73 C jf
k stock, assorted colors, leather han- NoveIt y in elcctrIC " bI = !a^L« ••»¦••; JMfe *
I d:c \ mo5rc $ i: k , Iin L° ci - r se " "-°'^ ° h 5 v^3%' o o°o Wo b rck s feit p !uii n : i
& match, worth doub c the sale ¦ ., DU1CIC ieit JUll %£&lBiWm\ %
% price, to.dav only . . ; . 35c « Extra Savings ets, fur bound, iS^tSflF 1 *
ts . .. •, -. ; . ' r • Groceries, Liquors flexible soles, JWiiBF J -2
Jf an " mounting,. Suede lining a gent service, prompt de.iveriri and no trans- Lll'j JIX— inn i ' "5
, JC line worth rceu'arly <6.OO and action complete until customer i» fully latJafied. , * _ . .. V
I $8.Ooe.ch.mWtOc'oie . .. Pure Cak^s- High Tea,, Anim,., Cocoa *X" «S «»«' Scanty , -^ *
' X* * stO Off Taffy, Fig Bars, C^coanut Wafers, re-ju- to-day and Thursday on y # %9%0 *
• * * •••'••• • 9 if. if O lary 1 8c, 20c and 25c the lb.; Off 1
S Stoker''. Sand Soap- 15 "bar,.' . . 5UO S&tC sf*O#*//©#*€?S 5
: JC . C^e Flannelette JapanlVce— Extra fin;; 13 lbs. . .SOO T»««^*»« T»«.»«-« - A «
% Gowns tor Men Misod.(w..h» f )- aj ir i . . . 250 Tapestry Portieres- Armure *
* wowws lurinen Borax Naptha So , p _ A Inperior Iaundry self colors, in 5
$ To-Day 85c wh . t: . r " g "^ red, green and blue col- |
S & Men's warm, cozy flannelette night Whole Wheat— Or Graham , flour; io-b ors, heavy fringed, worth $4.00 3*
shirts; extra heavy, cut extra long * ackt 24c pair; for $2m65 5
£ and wide.in neat striped and figured $§^ffi$'$fiffijj& Mercerized Porllercs-Wide vcionr ?
J cfteet, the rcgu ar $1 kind, reduced Canadian Club Whiskey - Battle . St. 10 border, red and green colors, value 5
«/ for Wednesday and Thursday to S5c Kentucky Belle Whiskey— Fu I quart SSc $9.00 a pair. Special . $6.50 '5
$ Mcn'sFleccctiRibbcd Cotton Shirts and A - B - ? o er ~ Vm %J°£l Tapestry Portieres-Red 'and armure \
% Drawcrs'-'Double-seated drawers; " l 9sf'^SL -"'»' fi «^ ***t*** *" ~ our %
t£ these garments hnuhed with pearl ._ S3.OC; bottc ... . 75 O . border; all colors. Pair $5 M QO $
5 buttons, colors iight blue £Zfjf% Extra AAA Port or Sherry- 5, yean old; Qonch Covers— Persian stripes, 50 k
g :and pink; a splendid value at •*^«*' gallon . ... ... . . St. 05 inches wide, fringed ail around, '?
• . , J. , ., . C:lerv Phosahate. quart BSo r >—
. S( Boys' Merino Underwear — ....-? t qqu five patterns; each. . .,. *
K Medium weight, weil Cu ¦¦m.i $f fO X
g madegarments.ea^Oo >^^ S^ f A.'* Tablc Covers— Heavity $
)** Boys' UnjonSvitS" Medium Af e^/fyfw / f^1 /^/^{^g£Mffff^ fringed Gobeiin tapestry* "j
|K weight, cotton ribbed; v&r M M &*^\S B 3&jts \/^W^WM JBj Ltr __ m and armure self and chintz \g
! If union suits once worn arc. c * l - iro RNiA'SLARGEST^ colors, two yards square.' 5
J always worn; thrs; are^/ Mjjt'iUn^ ' " » » E"ich $2.5 O '*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
U True Art \p
Is Not Measured by I
DOLLARS and CENTS
WE HAVE JEWEL-
RY AT LOW PRICES
WHICH IS QUITE
AS WELL DESIGN-
ED AS THE MORE
COSTLY PIECES ::
- ¦
Bohm-Bristol Co.
Jewelers and
Silversmiths 1
fy 104-110 Geary Street v\
%=^==^^
PBOPOSAXa.
S AF : -<? flca <>« th* Depot QuartermMt«~5
New Montgomery «t.. San Francisco, cu..
Sept. 28. 1904. Sealed proposals. In tripli-
cate, will be received at this office txnUl
10 a. m.. October 28. 1904. and then opened,
for the purchase of damaged Kh&kl ClotH-
•ng 1 , vl j. : 122.668 coats. 109.049 troosenh
foot. 1112 trousers, mounted, samples ot
which can be seen at this depot. Further
Information and blank proposals will be fur-
nlthed on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals should be marked. "Proposals
for Khaki Clothing." to be opened Oct. 28.
1804. and addressed to Major C A. DEVOX*
Q. M.. U. a A.. Depot Q. M.
BAN FRANCISCO. Cat. October 23. 190*.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be r»- .
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. November
9. 1904. and then opened for completing- cer- ¦
tain items of construction, plumbing, heat-
Inr and rasflttlns In new brick hospital at
Fort McDowell. California, la accordance
with plans and specifications. Government
reserves the right to reject or accept any or
all bids In whole or- In part. Information
furnished on application to WM. 8. PATTEN
Assistant Quartermaster General, Chief Quar-
termaster.
BAN FRANCISCO. CaL. September 28. 1904—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. October
. 28, 1904. and then opened for constructing
macadam roads and concrete sidewalks anj
' rutters at Fort MUey, CaL Government re-
. serves the right to reject or accept any or
sll bids In whole or In 'part. Information
.furnished on application to WM. 3. PaT-
TEN. Assistant Quartermaster General-
Chief Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. CaL. October 22, 1904.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
¦ ceived h»re until 11 o'clock a. m.. Novem-
ber 22. 1904. and then opened for construct-
ing small picket guard-bouse at entrance to
Fort Baker Reservation. California. . Gov-
ernment reserves the right to reject 'or ao-
cept any or all bids In .whole or In part.' In-
formation furnished on application to wi.
' S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster OeaV
• eraJ, Chief Quartermaatar.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ISSs?
...NEGK FURS...
This Season's Three Most*'
Popular Furs *Are
MINK, ERMINE and
CHINCHILLA...
_V** $•?• » practically endleis Vari-
ety of i beautiful • XffOVXS&TXSS '¦ X2T,
THESE FURS and we nav* bean told
times without ; number — by v < women
. who have 1 shopped * around and coxa-
pared • values— that ....
OUB FBICES ARE THE MOST BE A-
SOKABLE IJT THE CXTT. 4
DONT rOBQET OUB WTTOBEB.The regular monthly; amateur box-
Ing contests under the ; auspices of j the
Lincoln "Club ¦ . take ; place { this
evening at Mechanics'. Pavilion Annex.
George Sullivan "and ; Jim Casey,- two
heavy-weights, are carded ; for \ the
main event and Bob Cairns and Mike
Synf y .will furnish ' the i special v event.'
The programme ; includes four ; other
bouts.
Lincoln Club's Fights.
- ; Everything .for an enjoyable evening
at home; playing , cards, card > tables,
prizes, tally cards.:, whist sets, game
sets. Bicycle and Congress playing cards
No such an assortment : elsewhere. San
born,>Vail& Co.; 741 Market street. •
Card Parties.
"At; a ' meeting of the Police Com
missioners last night Policemen C. D.
Widekind and Arnold Dietel were flned
$25 each for being off their beats.
State ¦„. Senator E. I. . Wolfe appeared
aa attorney for Widekind. who brought
witnesses to > prove » that ; he had " met
with an accident. He was found-guil
ty, however, and in addition to the fine
was severely reprimanded - by: Com
missioner Reagan. Dietel admitted
having, spent 'forty minutes 'in- the
train dispatcher's . office : at the ' South
ern Pacific Company's yards '¦ when; he
should have been on his beat/gggil^
Two Policemen Fined.
. No time taken. Start good."-,., Won driving^
Winner. J. ¦' L. Shannon's : ch. • g.\ by .Victory-
Fleda B. Imboden 98, ; Mindora 103, Frank
Rice 98, Avoid 100, Compass 95. Sister Lillian
100. finished as 'named.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds:.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %Fln.
3 to 2— Marlln, 104 (Cheatham) :. T 2 % 1 h
3 to I— Triple SIlver.01 (Dlcksn) .,«:1%2«
20 to 1 —Mainspring, 102 (Seder).;' 8 7 2 3n?
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds: ¦ '¦¦-¦ .
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % JFIn.
0 to 6— Gay Llzzette. 97 (Lee).... 1 1 W 1 u
4 to 1— Maf alda. 104 (D. Austin) .43623
9 to 2— M. Manners, 107 (Post); . . . 5 2 H 3 2
Time.; 1:27%: Start bad. - Won driving.
Winner. A. MoHnelll's ch. f. by Ossary (or St.
Gateen)-Li«etta. Light Opera 101, Bab 102,
Ralph Young 106, Byron Rose 111, finished as
named. BKHMflMMBBltiMSiSfiHMi&il
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 25.— Elm Ridge racing
results: .
/ First race, five and a half furlongs — Silent
Water won, Venator : second. Precious Stone
third. , Time, 1:07%. • • v-.
* Second race, . four . and a half furlongs — Aze-
Una won. Electroa second, Modred Law third.'!
Time, :54. .i \
¦ Third race, six furlongs— McGee won, Otto I
Stlfel second, Dalvay third. Time. 1:11%. I
Fourth race, one and an ; eighth miles — Wil
liam Wright won, Barklylte second. Alma
Duf our third. Time. 1:52%.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Toledo won. Hip
pocrates second, Formaster third. Time.
1:27%.
Sixth race, one and a half miles—Never
¦uch won,' Buglehorn second. Harbor third.
Time, 2:35%.
Racing at Latonia.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Oct. 23.— Latonia re
sults: • '
¦ :¦ First : race, six and a half furlongs — Bob
Franklin - won. Gigantic second, The Laurel
third.- Time, 1:21%.
• *>, Second ¦ race,' five - furlongs — Mum won, Erla
Lee second, Bonnie Sue third. Time, 1:00%.
Third race,' one mile— Showman won. Kins
of >.• the Valley second, : Varro = third. Time,
. Fourth '¦ race, eix furlongs— Henry Lyons
won," Ethel Keckler second, . Fortuney third
Time. • 1 ;15 V4 . :.7^MpnM)WigtBMMM
Fifth ; race, six and a half furlong*— Ethel
Davis won." Vestry second, ' Rachel Ward third.
Thin. V ~1 "L. UMiUMfiT' JIJ»#Ws»»m»nii.
Sixth race, five and a half furlong* — Exalted
won, ' Colonel White : ; second, - Milton Xoung
I third. : Time. U;07.
Toledo a Winner at Elm Ridge.
'. Hodge, the Jchamplon, defeated A.
R. MacSwain of the freshman class
in the final match, the score being
6-2, 7-5^6-1. :
In the running-up, Hodge defeated
A. W.' Hooper, '04, in the semi-finals,
winning easily with the scores 6-1;
6-0, 6-2. MacSwain ¦ met ?F. . Cassell,
'07, In : the semi-finals ; and \ won after
a hard contest by the score 6-1," 6-3,
3-6, 6-4. : . -¦ ¦ •¦¦
Hodge of Stanford Wins at Tennis.
The first annual lnterclass singles
tournament in tennis was finished Ton
the varsity courts -this afternoon, re
sulting in a victory for . G. A. Hodge.
He is a representative of ¦ the junior
class and captain of the varsity tennis
team. The tournament was the first
regular ; in tenis
that has ever been held at Stanford
and was productive of keen interest.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin. '
7 to 2— Lubin. 101 (Rice) 4 4% 13
3 to 2— Taby Tosa, 100 (D. Austn) 2 3 V4 2 tt
9 to 2 — Sam Craig, 98 (Logue) 5 B • 3 h
Time, 1:4S%: Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. W. Elliott's ch. g. (4) by Lazzarone-
Tarantella. Flora Willoughby 97. Bambo 108,
finished ax named. . v - ..¦
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; two-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1 — Lasso, 108 (L. Williams) . . 6 4 h In
Even— Felix Mozzes, 111 (Dixon). 3 IS 2 H
6 to 1 — Gasconne, 89 (Seder) 4 53 33
Time. 1:15%. Start good for all but Vouch.
Won driving. Winner, L. Lemp & Co.'i ch. m.
(7) by Magnet! zer-Lasca. Kilts 86. Jack Mo
ran 83. 'King's Charm 111. Vouch 113, finished
aa named. - • ¦
ST. LOUIS, Oct 26.— The entries for
to-morrow's races at Delmar track fol
low:
First race, one mile and seventy yards,'
sellinr— Billy Moore 109. Golden Light 104,
Mint Bed 104. Lelbes 104, Kingstelle 104,
Jake Weber 104. John II 104. Dr. Burns 104,
Bradley Bill 99, Chapalla 99, Trogon 100,
Sanctissima 99.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Russell
A 103, Jovial 103, Dromlo 103, Renaissance
100, Cashier 98. Kitty Belle Brooks 08. Tartan
98, Anadarco 98, Sand Bath 98, Mellwood 98,
La Princess 95, Courant 95.
. Third race, six and a half furlongs, selling
—Madoc 107. Metlakatla 107, Algonquin 102.
Flacstaff 100, Torlo 97, Sam Stevens 97, Al
ways Faithful 97, Rhyme and Reason 97,
Lookaway Vtfajt^d
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap— Braden
113, Arlena 108. Zlnda 106, Yada 101, Jungle
Imp 94, Terns Rod 93. Dave Stahl 92. (Braden
and Zlnda, Haye,» entry.)
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling—Whis
kers 114, Ben Lear 109, Behoove 109, Pierce
J 107. St. Daniel 107. Guadalqulver 104. Dr.
Riley 104. Eleanor Howard 104. Wager 104,
On* More 104. . -¦ '-:
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Judge Cantrill 109, Tangible 109. Ladas
109, Second Mate 107, Dr. Kler 104, Crime 104.
Avoid 104, Amber! ta 95, Tattenham 95, Lemon
Girl 95. Check Morgan 05, Bountiful 90.
SECOND RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Bob Curt, 105 (Dlckson).. 5 1 Y t 1 h
12 to 1— Maj. Carpenter. 100(Chtm) 7 3 2 2 2
8 to 1— Baggerly, 95 (Emblem).. 3 2% 3n
Time, 1:00%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. L. B. Gillette's b. g. (3) by The
Heaper-LlUle Cate. King Foe II 105, Fannette
95 Maid of the Order 100, Lookaway 05. Ed
Merritt 95, ' Sweet Note 100. Pilgrim Girl 96,
Madoc 100. Bird Pond 105, finished as named.
The Catholic Ladies' Aid Society will
hold a rummage sale shortly to add to
the relief fund of the organization.
Donations will be received at 335
Sixth street. The sale will be held by
branches 2, S, 11, 19. 20 and 25 of the
society. i .
Will Hold Rummagre Sale.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
LOS ANGELES, ; Oct. 25.— Berkeley
and the Sherman Indians "'¦ will, play
football in Fiesta Park here Christmas.
The deal was closed, to-day. •
Allen, '08; Anloff, '05; Arlett, '06; Belk
nap, '06; Booth*. '05; Bowles. '07; Boyn
ton. . 'O8; Brown, '07; Camlnettl, '07; ' Coo
gan. '06; Dauser, '05; De Armand, '05; N.
Dlekerman; Elliott. '06; Evans. '05; Force, '05;
Foster, '07; Gallaway, '07; Graves, '05; Gray.
•06: Haley. «07; Haffey. '07; Hail. '05; Heit
muller. '05; Henry. "06; Herrlott. '08: Howard,
'05; Kern. '07; Klttrelle '05; Kerr. '08: Ken
dall. 1 '08: Lasater (grad.); Luce, • '06; Manley.
•07; Mclnnis, '07; . Mead, '07; O'Connell. 'OH;
T. C. Oliver; Oliver. '05; Olason, '07; Osgood,
•06; O'Toole, L.; Read, '05; Richardson '08;
RHey. '08;* S«abury, '07;' Sfern, '•;. Sperry,
•08; SUnes, '06; Stroud, '05; Snedigar (grad.);
Stow. '08; TaylOr, • '07; Taylor, '06; Watson.
•07; White '08; Whitan.. f 07. . . ¦¦¦•. •-
To the blue and gold followers the
news is inspiring. Berkeley feared that
it would lose the .valuable services of
its captain, who ¦ is in the first rank of
college football players. Should he be
barred from . play . on . November 12 his
absence would perceptibly weaken' the
team and handicap Berkeley. At least
the Berkeleyans felt that way. There
is joy on the campus over Dr. Thomas'
announcement. , '
: Names of eligibles to Berkeley's
team, as accepted by Stanford's com
mittee, follow:
BERKELEY, Oct. 25. — Benjamin
Stroud. captain of the University of
California football eleven, who is un
der special treatment at the East Bay
Sanitarium In Oakland for an abscess
in the ear, will play with the team in
the big game. Such was the assertion
made to-day by Dr. Hay ward G.
Thomas, who is caring for the giant
center rush.
In explanation of Stroud's condition
Dr. Thomas said:
I ordered Stroud to quit practice for a
week at least that I might give his ear proper
attention. The trouble was caused by an
injury that brought on a considerable inflam
mation. There was no use in taking a chance.
The operation has been entirely successful. I
shall not permit Stroud to return to the field
until next week. By that time all danger
from a recurrence of the trouble will have
passed. . • t
MEMPHIS,/ Tenn., Oct. 25.— Sweet
Marie, the California mare, easily won
the free-for-all trot to-day at the driv
ing park, beating Dr. Strong handily In
straight heats. Sweet' Marie was never
fully extended. Her time in the second
heat was creditable. I
Prince Alert was sent against 1:59%
pacing, but failed.
Lou Dillon was sent against time in
an exhibition to beat 2:01% for trotters.
Accompanied by a runner, the Billings
mare finished the mile in 2:02%. She
tired badly at the finish.
The unfinished wagon race with ama
teur drivers was not continued to-day.
Summary:
Free-for-all, trotters, two in three, $1000—
Sweet Marie won two straight heats In 2:07%
and 2:05. Dr. Strong, Ozanam and Snyder
McGregor also started.
2:17 trot, two in three, $1000— Colonel B won
two straight heats in 2:14% and 2:13%. Emily
Letcher, Backman Boy, Enchantress, Poindex
ter and Anna Gay aleo started.
2:06. pacing. Emerald stakes, two in three,
$2000— John M won the second and third heats
In 2:02% and 2:05. < Locanda won the first
heat in 2:03%. Nathan Straus and Gallagher
also started.
Prince Alert to beat 1:59 V4 paolng— Failed.
Time, 2:01%.
Lou Dillon to beat 2:01% trotting— Failed.
Time, 2:02%.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 25. — Lubin won to
day's handicap at Delmar in the com
monest kind of a gallop from the best
horses at the track. Favorites were
again in trouble. The weather was
clear and the track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
6 to 1— Bessie Me, 102 (McLghln) 5 12 13
3 to 1— Dorothy Dodd, 107 (Austn) 4 2 *4 2 n
15 to- 1— Telephone Belle.»5(Chthm) 6 5 2 3 2
Time, 1:09. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, F. Cook's b. f. by Top Gallant-Laura
Bate. Ethel's Pride 102, Eleneka 100, Stella M
95. Flying Fire 102, Makana 05, Algetha 95.
Thompson's Fairy 100, Lady Sellers 95, finished
aa named.
The Elliott Colt Handily Defeats the
Best Horses at Delmar.
STROOO WILL PLAY
WHEN CALIFORNIA
ENGAGES STANFORD
HANDICAP FALLS TO I>UBIN.
CALIFORNIA MARE
SWEET MARIE WINS
THE FREE FOR ALL
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Sloss to Wilburt M. Hadley
from Ida Maud Hadley, desertion: to
Abraham Deeter from Ida F. Deeter,
desertion; by Judge Hebbard to
George H. Harington from Georgie
A. Harington, cruelty; by Judge Mu
rasky.to Emily J. Howard from Frank
P. Howard, cruelty; to Rose D. Ker
mode from William Kermode, deser
tion. Suits for divorce were filed by
Lisette Cook against A. C. Cook, de
sertion; Jeannette E. Wallls against
William J. Wallls. cruelty; May Macy
against Charles E. Macy. cruelty; Sa
rah O'Gara against Edward O'Gara,
cruelty. /. ?
In the Divorce Court.
CAFB OWES RENT.— A Judgment affaJnat
tha Terrace Garden Company in favor of O.
Cohn was rendered by Judge Graham yester
day on a claim for 9700 for rent due for the
month of August. The sum Is trebled in th«
Judgment. The Terrace Garden Is a new eaf»
recently opened on Mason street, but it failed
to attract the expected patronage.
Tlmo. 1:08. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, E. R. Thomas' br. f. by Potomac-Bar
maid II. • Lucy Young, My Buela, Novena.
Miller's Daughter, Edith Brown, Idle Tears,
Suffice. Hyacinth, Nettle, Blue Pigeon. Miss
Modesty, Fairy Dance, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purge; for maiden two-year-old fillies:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Sunray. 108 (Redf em) ... 1 2212
2 to 1— Inspiration, 108 (Hldbd).. 5 3 2 2h
23 to 1 — Witch Hazel. 108 (Cllns) 4 5 h 3 h .
PORTLAND, Oct. 25. — Starkells
was wild to-day, but his team stood
by him and the Loo-Loos gained
nothing, for they seemed tired. Hits
were bunched off Dolly Gray and 5
to 3 was the resulL Slats Davis dis-
Angels Have Many Chances, but
They Fall to Win. /
Third race, one mile, purse — Pancreatls 92,
Annie Alone 92, Lydia Meadors 92, Flight 92,
Dixie Lad 95, Matador 95, Dr. Leggo 95, Palm
Tree 95, Belsarrano 95. Captain Neroth 95,
The Gadfly 95, Janeta 100, Cutter 105 Monte
108. Gold Enamel 10S.
Fourth race, one mile, purse— Mendon 92,
Ananias 95, Columbia Girl 95, New Mown Hay
100. Introductor 101. Harney 104.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Aggie Lewis 97, Docile 98, Royal Pirate
102, Arab 102, Dutiful 103. Edward Hale 104.
Barkelmore 105, dausus 107. Federal 110,
Burning Glass 113, Gloriosa 115.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, purse —
Friendless 103, Duncan 103, Silvermeade 103,
Ghats 103, Mad Mullah 103, Harrington 106,
Dr. Moddy 107, Carnellan 107, Jackfull 107,
Hands Across 107. Mansard 107, Earnest Par
ham 110. Floral King 116.
Second race, one and a sixtenth miles, sell
ing — Lila Noel 93, St. Blue 93, Langford James
98, Mlngore 93, Rabunta 102, Harry Preston
102. Bonnlellthe 102, Gilfain 102. Bank Street
105, Pearl Diver 107. Blue Mint 107.
First race, six furlongs, selling — My Jane
100, St. Paula 105, Monis 105, Mary McCafferty
105. Ishlana 105, Fromage de Brie 105, Hot 105,
Optional 107. Emperor of India 109, Gus Het
dorn 109. Anna Beall 110. Jigger 110, Roue 110.
Miladi Lov« 110, Peter J 111, Nervator 113.
CHICAGO, Oct. 25. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Worth track fol
low: ; : £'i'S
BROWNIES HAVE THE IiUOK.
WORTH ENTRIES.
Time, 1:49. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. J. Howe's ch. b. by Knight of Bllerslle-
Moss Rose. Court Maid, Old England, finished
as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and a slxtenth miles;
selling; for three-year-olds and jip:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. TSt. % Fin,
40 tol — TheHuguenot,109 (Shaw). 1 2 h 1 h
8 to 5— Glisten, »8 (Hlldebrand). 5 S h 2 »;
llto 5 — Garnish. 68 (W. Davis)... 4 5 3 1H
was claimed several times by Fields'
seconds.
Brummett cautioned # Otts, but in the
sixth round he was worse in his disre
gard of the rule than before, and
Brummett stopped the fight. Both men
were well able to continue the fighting.
Fields had the best of most of the
rounds, scoring the only knockdown of
the fight and drawing the blood from
Otts' front piece early in the second
round. There is talk of another meet
ing, and it is possible a match may be
arranged.
SAxVlEGO. Oct. 25.— The fight be
tween Billy Otts of San Francisco and
Frank Fields of Oxnard came to an
unsatisfactory end to-night in the sixth
round of what was to have been a
twenty-round bout, when Referee
Charles Brummett awarded the fight to
Fields on what he explained was the
repeated fouling of Otts. The agree
ment announced was the fighters would
break clean at the command of the
referee and that there should be no hit
ting in the clinches. This rule was re
peatedly violated by Otts and a foul
Is Cautioned Repeatedly for Hitting in the
Clinches and Is 'Disqualified.' i .
BILLY OTTS LOSES DECISION
TO FIELDS IN SIXTH ROUND
FOURTH R A CE-^Oa*r Alia: 4' sixteenth miles;
The Axnagansett- Selling Stakes; for three-year
olds and uo: « ¦ ¦ -.,.-.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % • Fin.
5 to 1— Little Em, 102 (Travers). 2 1 1%1 8
7 to 1 — L. Badge, 98 (Crimmns). 5 4 3' 2n
12 to/1— I. Witch, 105 (Wondrly). 4 - 6 10 3 S
Time, 1 :4G 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. Lakeland's ch. f. by Goldcrest-
Roseban. Canteen, Dick " Bernard, Brooklyn-
He, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and & half furlongs;
for two-year-olds; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % . Fin.
4 to 1 — Druid, 104 (Crimmins).. 2 24 14
11 to 5 — Belligerent. 101 (Travers) 1 In 2 6
7 to 5— Juvenaga, 108 (Davis)... 3 3 3 3 3
Time, 1:07. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, S. S. Brown's ch. f. by Sir Dixon-Meri
den. Goldcraft, Shannon Side, Gotowin, Belle
Sauvage, Far West, Linda Rosa, Lanthony
Boy, Bert Arthur and All Scarlet finished aa
named.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, handi
cap — High Chancellor 121, Major Dalngerfleld
117, Sidney C. Love 115, Dalesman 109. Wire In
105, Crown Prince 104, New York 103, Ethics
93. Ascetic 94. .;
Second race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds— La Golden 110, Metropole 110,
Master of Craft 110, St. Margrave 110, Brilliant
110, Black Prince 110. Yorkshire Lad 110, Snow
King 107, Courier 107, Critical 107, Foxy 107.
Kassll 107. Nellie Russell 107. Supreme Court
107, Goldfleur 107, Black Cat 107.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
—Sals 108. Prince Salm Salm 104, Akela 103.
Widow's Mite 103, Reveille 101. Latheron 100,
Dimplo 99, Juvenal Maxim 96. Ascetic 03.
¦ Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, the
Packer Stakes, two-year-olds — Czaraphlne 109,
Fancy Dress 107, Myopia 104. Thirty-third 100.
Delphie 99, Clover Hampton 99, Coy Maid 99,
Carrie Jones 96, Dance Music 94, Merces 94.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards sell
ing — Ocean Tide : 106, Gravina 108. Water
Pamy 103, Thistle < Heather 103, Arachne 100,
Akela 100, Dimple 100, Love Note 100, M. F.
Tarpey 101. King Pepper 93, Neither One 97,
Briarthorpe 91. .
First race, elx furlongs, three-year-olds, sell
ing — Auditor 116, Pat Bulger 108. Neptunus
106, Juvenal Maxim 105, Atwood 104. Thespian
104, Olaf 104, Consideration 104, Rob Roy 101,
Arietta 101. Palette 101, Piquet 101, Emer
gency 100, Liberia 08, Clear the Arena 95.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Jamaica
track follow: •*.
SECOND RACE — Qoe mile and seventy
yards; for three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Viona, 94 (Crimmins).... 4 2 1^1 1
11 to 5— Prince Chlng.105 (Burns) 3 8 12 5
15 to 1— Funnyslde.OO (Miller).... 7 7 1 3h
Time, l:4ti 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, H. R. Schafter's br. f. by Victory-
Fiona. Topic, Tol San, Vlncennes. Alllnda,
Osgood, Hoodwink, Beverly, Brunswick, Lord
Advocate, Conceit, Destiny, Knobhampton,
Hackensack and Sentry finished as named.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
SEATTLE, Oct. 25. — Tommy Leahy
certainly had the laugh on his former
team mates this afternoon. He came
up In the fifth Inning with a grin on
his face and Jimmy Whalen tossed
three easy ones to him. Tommy
missed two and rolled the third to the
pitcher, who tossed It to first, giving
Leahy the ha-ha. In the seventh San
Francisco was one run ahead. Leahy
again came up, but this time the
bases were full. Tommy cracked the
ball over second, bringing in two runs
and winning the game. The old play
ers on the Seattle team presented
Parke Wilson, their former manager.
With a gold watch. Russ Hall mada
the presentation speech before tha
game commenced. Score:
San Franclnco— » Seattle —
AB.R. H. P.A.1 AB.R. H. P.A.
Hlldbd.lf 5 12 2 l'Vnntn.cf 4 10 2 0
Meany.rf 5 0 2 2 0 Moblr,2t> 3 2 2 4 S
Irwln.8b. 4 0 11 lSmlth,rf. 4 1111
VnBrn.lb 4 0 19 0 Frisk, If.. 2 1110
Wldrn.cf 3 0 2 3 0 Leahy.c. 3 0 12 2
Adrsn.2b 4 10 12 Howlt,3b 4 0 14 2
Gochnr.s 3 0 0 1 2 Hall.ss.. 4 O 2 3 4
Shea.e... 2 2 0 5 0' James. lb 4 0 1 10 O
WhaUn.p 3 O 0 O 3 Hughes.p 4 0 0 0 0
•Wh*«ler 10 0 0 0
Totals. 32 0 9 27 IT
T T0tals.34 4 -S 24- 91
•Wheeler batted for Whalen in the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 11100020 x— 5
Base hits 1 13 0 0 0 3 1 x— 9
San Francisco ...OO22OOOO O — i
Base hits 1 12 10 0 11 1— S
SUMMARY.
Errors — Mohler, James. Stolen bases — Moh.
Icr. Anderson, Shea, Whalen. Two-base hit*
— Meany. Waldron, Hlldebrand 2. Three-bas«
hits — Mohler. Frisk. Waldron. Bases on bal!a
— Oft Hughes 5. off Whalen 5. Struck out — By
Hughes 1. by Wbalen 4. Passed ball — Shea.
Wild pitch — Whalen. Time of game — 1 hour
and SO minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
Bases Are Foil.
Tommy Gets a Timely Hit When the
LEAIIY BEATS HIS OLD PALS.
Fifth race— St. Daniel, Ben Lear,
One More.
Sixth, race — Judge Cantrell, Ladas,
Check Morgan.
Condition of the track — Fast.
First race— Mint Red, Jake Weber,
Dr. Burns.
Second race— Anadarco, Mellwood,
Courant.
Third race — Algonquin, Madoc,
Lookaway.
Fourth race— Hayes entry, Terns
Rod, Yada. >^ •
DEL-MAR SELECTIONS.
SECOND ' RACE)— Five furlongs; two-year
olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
17 to 10— Pelham, 107 (Kunz)... 4 25 In
10 to 1— Smithy Kane.107 (Shvr) 7 1 h 2 4
7 to 1— Bish.Poole.115 (Harris) 3 5 2 3 2
Time, 1 :01 2-6. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. T. Henshall's ch. . g. by Albert-
Plaudita. Are Light 110. J. B. Smith 110,
Lordllne 110, Bradwarlln 112, Ed Early 107,
Lauros 112, San Jose 110. Angelotta 110, Tne
Reprobate 107, West Brookneld 110. Chief
Bush 115, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; all ages; han
dicap : *
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 to 5 — Sir Brillar. 96 (Kunx).. 8 lh In
21 to 5— Rusk. 107 (Treubel) 3 4 h 2 h
9 to 2 — M.Johnson.108 (Mclntye) 4 5 3 3 l»i
Time. 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. T. Henshall' s ch. c. (2) by Sir
Modred-Brilla. J. W. O'Neill 98. Don Doma
94, Cigar Lighter 90, Golden Rule 105, Nannie
Hodge 103, finished as named.
FOURTH RACK — One and an eighth miles;
all ages; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
•5 to 1 — Spencerian, 98 (Shaver).. 4 3 2 12
11- toO — Brancas, 112 (Domlnick) 5 5 3 2n
16tol— Ahola, 90 (Lannon) 2 12 4h
11 to 1— Lurallghter, 92 (Wishard) 1 2 2 4 h
•Disqualified for foul.
Time, 1:53 1-5. 8tart good. Won easily.
Winner, William Gem's ch. (3) by Knight of
Ellerslie-Bracket. King. Ellsworth 98 and Hui
zah 104, finished as named.
- - FIFTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
three-year-olds. and up; selling:
Betting.' Horsej Weight; Jockey. SC % Fin.
3 to 1— Niaxus. 105 - (Helgersen) 2 6 2 11
40 to 1— Annora J. 88 (Hoffman) ... 8 12 2 2
9 to 2— Little Elkln, 104 (Shaver) 9 4 3 3 2
Time, 2:08 4-5. Start good. Won' handily.
Winner, S. • C. Hlldreth's b. f. (4) by Char
axus-Niola. Scortlc 97, Charlie Miller 95, La
Chaperone 90, Lou ' Woods 102, Rabunta 07,
Jingle 102, Paramount 106, Ben Chance 110,
finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
pursa:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin
3 to 2— Iv. the Terrlble.llO(Dmk) 1 1 n 13
15 to 2— Col.Ruppert. 115 (Treubl) 3 4 1U2U
3 to 1 — M. Byrnes, 105 (Lynch). 9 7 3 3 1
Time. 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. c. by
Pirate of Penzance-Kate Pelletier. Scotch Irish
100, Big Beach 105. Midge 100, Broadway Girl
112, Platoon 102, Basnwood 97, Diagram 100
and Kenton 100 finished as named.
First race— My Jane, Emperor of
India, Optional.
Second race— Blue Mint, Gilfain,
St. Blue.
Third race— Gold Enamel, Monte,
Cutter.
Fourth race— Ananias, New Mown
liny. Mcndon.
Fifth rac« — Aggie Lewis, Federal,
Docile. ', ;?.
Sixth race— Floral King, Mad Mul
lah, Mansard.
Condition of the track— Fast.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO, Oct. 25. — Eastern horses
played an important part in to-day's
card at Worth, taking the feature
events and being heavily backed in
both instances. The third race fur
nished one of the most sensational fin
ishes of the meeting. The entire field
of eight horses was less than two and
a half lengths apart at the wire. C. T.
Henshall, who made a killing on Pel
ham in the second race, came right
back with Sir Brillar in the third, and
after backing the two-year-old from 4
to 1 down to 3\i to 1 won the verdict by
the shortest of necks from Rusk, which
beat Mayor Johnson a head. £
Spencerian won the fourth event eas
ily by two lengths from Branca*. The
filly was disqualified and was placed
last for fouling: Brancas. She bore in
on the Gerst colt in the last hundred
yards and' cut him off so badly it was
impossible for him to get through.
Summary;
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olda;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
21 to S — Foxmead. 97 (Johnson). 8 11 In
9 to 2— G. Heidora.110 (Mclntye) 4 4 % 2 2
13 to 1— Barrlngton.110 (Helgesn) 1 2 h 3 V*
Time, .1:14. Start bad. \yon driving. 'Win
ner, T. H. Ryan's br. g. by Dunois-Good
Friend. Careless 112, Heritage 110, Trossachs
99, Fly Lady 107, St. Merryless 107, Cohasset
107, Yeast 87, Carnival 112, Miss Anthony 87,
finished as named.
Canteen, with Jack Martin up, was a
4 to 5 favorite. Little Em took the lead
from Dick Bernard as they raced along
the back stretch. Canteen seemed to be
in trouble, and on the far turn Martin
was using his whip on her. She could
not overhaul Little Em, and, in fact,
stopped so badly in the last furlong
that both Lord Badge and Irish Witch
beat her out. The time was good,
1:46 3-5 for one -and a sixteenth miles.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; for two-year
olds; handicap :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
•8 to 1— Merry Lark, 107 (Hildbnd) 2 2 1 11%
6 to 1— Escutcheon, 108 (Hennsy) 4 1 % 2 h
10 to 1— Jerry C, 98 (Travers)... 5. 4 1 31%
Time, 1:13 4-5. Start very bad. Won driv
ing. Winner. W. B. Leed's b. c. by Jim Gore-
Twitter. Myopia, Oxford, Diamond, Amber
Jack and Jennie McCabe finished as named.
JAMAICA, N. Y.. Oct. 25.— Notable
Incidents of to-day's racing were the
victory of The Huguenot at 40 to 1 and
the defeat of the 4 to 5 favorite Can
teen In the Amagansett stake. The
Huguenot was not backed by James
Rowe, his owner, because through an
error the gelding was entered in the
fifth race instead of in the second. The
conditions of the last named were for
non-winners in 1904 which have started
since August 1. The Huguenot was
started in a six-furlong race a few days
ago, showed some speed, but found the
company too hot. It was the race won
by Ascension. That race qualified The
Huguenot to start in the second event,
but the entry clerk put the gelding In
the race in which some well-tried
horses were entered. That is whv he
drifted to 40 to 1, with no takers except
for a small amount to run third.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
By the New York Morninr Telegraph.
First race— Emergency, Rob Roy,
Liberia.
Second race— Foxy, Critical, Nellie
Russell. : : > ;';' ¦'::
Third race— Reveille, Juvenal Max
im, Sals.
Fourth race— Czarapbine, Tbirty-
Tliird, Delphie.
Fifth race — Gravina, Dimple, This
tle Heather. N
Sixth race— New York, Crown
Prince, Sidney C. Love.
Condition of the track — Fast*
The revenge of the Tigers had been j
delayed for a long time, but it landed
yesterday at Idora Park, and with quite
a thud. The Commuters were on their
own battle ground and thought they
could start the week by walloping the
pride of Tacoma town. Far from it. Mr.
Buchanan got his .with regularity when
the Tigers tasted blood, and the
slaughter ended 9 to 4.
When x Buchanan got hit the fielders
behind him became erratic, and the
making of runs was a simple task for
the leaders. They started with an ace
in round one. They swelled the total
to four in the fourth spasm, and pro
ceeded to break up the ' game in a
heartless manner during the progress
of the seventh spasm, when Mr. !
Buchanan was made the victim of a
! batting conspiracy and five runs were
enticed over the pan.
J| In only one round did the Commuters
show any fight. Then it came too late.
After two had been sent to the bench
in the eighth and with a couple of men
on the sacks, Mr. Keefe's curves began
to look good to Peter's tribe. A few
well-placed bingles placed four runs to
the good and started the hearts of Oak
land's fair rooters a-throbbing. Four
runs count but little when the opposing
team has nine.
Buchanan was hit hard In every in
ning, and it was only great fielding that
kept half a dozen runs away from the
pan in the first. A remarkable play by
Devereaux and Francks helped some,
while a fine throw of a bunt to second
base by Jimmy Byrnes cut off; at least
one run. Dunleavy did the circus stunt
in the fifth, when he ran back and got
one from the bat of Nordyke that was
labeled three bags.
Next week there will be nothing but
baseball in Oakland. Seattle will mix it
with the Commuters all week, com
mencing "Wednesday. San Francisco
and Tacoma are billed to perform in
this city. It was originally intended to
hold the Oakland-Seattle series at
Fresno, but the management thought
better of the bay town. The score:
Oakland — , Tacoma —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganley.rt 4 10 2 1 Doyle, rf. 6 0 12 0
Franks,!. 4 111 5 Shehn.3b 5 0 0 12
Dunlvy.lf 4 12 4 0 Nrdyk.lb 5 2 1 10 0
Shlny.2b 2 0*1 4 1 Eagan.8. 5 13 15
Krugx.cf 3 0 13 0 Lynch. cf 4 2 2 2 0
Strelb.lb 3 0 0 9 0 McLln.lf 5 112 0
Devrx,3b 3 10 2 l|Delms.2b 2*1 O 2 2
Byrnes. c. 4 0 0 2 0 HoRan.c. 4 2 3 7 0
Buchan.p 4 0 10 4 Keefe.p.. 4 0 0 0 4
Totals.31 ~4 ~6 27 12 Totals.44 9 11 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BT IXXINGS.
Tacoma '...1 0 0 S 0 0 5 0 0— 0
Base hits 3 0 0 2 10 4 0 1—11
Oakland 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 4 0 — 4
Base hits .....0.0 O 1 0 0 0 S 0 — 6
SUMMARY. • " •
Stolen bases— Eagan. Lynch. Errora — Byrne*
8, Devereaux 2, Kaftan 2, Francks, Buchanan
2. Three-base ' hit— Eaean. Two-base htts—
Eaisan Nordyke, Dunleavy. Sacrifice hits—
Hogan, Kruger. Delmas. Keefe. First base on
errors — Oakland 1. Tacoma 4. First base on
called balls — Oft Buchanan 1. off Keefe 3.
Left on bases — Oakland 6, Tacoma 10. ! Struck
out — By Buchanan 2. by Keefe 6. Hit by
pitcher— Lynch. Delmas. Double plays —
Francks to Schlafley to Streib; Sheehan to
Eagan to Nordyke. Time of came— 1 hour
and 45 minutes. Umpire— Perlne.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
Young Corbett is due to-day or to
morrow from Denver. He will proba
bly have a lot to say about Britt and
others. Out at the ringside on the
night of the battle the familiar rotund
fig-ure of Corbett is sure to be seen
climbing through the ropes a few
minutes before the principals enter
the ring.
Battling Nelson and Manager Mur
phy will arrive from Chicago to-night
at 5 o'clock on the Santa Fe.
Joe Gans spent a busy day at his
training: quarters at Billy Shannon's
villa. He was up early and took his
usual spin of fourteen miles.
After a brisk rub down Joe
stretched himself and said to his
trainers: "I feel just like a king. I
feel as though I could defeat any
man in the world."
The champion certainly seems in
fine condition and goes about his work
with a will. •
. In the afternoon he spent more than
an hour in the gymnasium going
through all his stunts. He skipped
the rope for a thousand times, pound
ed the bag, wrestled and pulled the
weights.
The day's work was concluded with
a nine-round bout with Kid Sullivan.
The mill, while it lasted, was interest
ing, but toward the last the Kid near
ly collapsed. Joe showed his fine con
dition, as he did not show a sign of
fatigue.
Gans seems to be satisfied with the
referee. He said, "What's the use of
kicking? The club picked him."
He still weighs in the neighborhood
of 135 pounds, but gays he can make
the required weight at will.
The advance sale of seats for the
fight opened yesterday morning at
Harry Corbett's. It proved larger
than the Britt-Corbett sale by a few
hundred dollars. The promoters of
the contest are well satisfied with the
prospect and figure on a much larger
house than any before which Britt
has fought.
ning to four miles. After to-day he
will not don the gloves again. Boxing
will #be eliminated from the pro
gramme for fear the fighter might in
jure his hands. Rope jumping, wrist
machine turning, bag punching:,
wrestling and tossing the medicine
ball will continue to be Jimmy's work
while in the gymnasium until the time
arrives to cease training and rest for
the big battle.
Jimmy boxed four rounds with Ra
fael and mixed with the punching bag
and medicine ball for half an hour. In
the morning his exercise consisted of a
run of eight miles on the road with
•Tiv" Kreling and a pulling and push
ing bout with Frank Rafael. Britt is
practically at weight./ Beginning to
day he will cut down his road run-
As Gans is, apparently, making the
required weight without difficulty it
is ( the general opinion among: sporting
men that he should be about a 6 to 10
choice. The next forty-eight hours will
give the betting a chance to settle down
to Fuch a degree that the odds should
be firmly fixed.
Jack Johnson, the colored heavy
¦w eight champion, is not drawing the
color line in his betting operations on
the fight. He saw Britt work out and
took euch a fancy to his style that he
decided to have a little bet on him. He
thinks Britt can penetrate Gans' won
derful guard, and once inside that de
fense his body blows are expected to
take all the fight out of the man from
Baltimore.
Among the visitors at Jimmy Britt's
training quarters at Croll's Gardens in
Alameda yesterday was a colored
woman, whose identity was unknown
to any one present, but whom Britt's
eparring mate, Frank Rafael, believes
was from the Gans camp. Jimmy has
never drawn the color line with re
spect to those who call to see him eo
through his gymnasium work, and the
woman of dusky hue was shown every
courtesy. Among the others who wit
nessed Britt work out yesterday were
Colonel Martin Brady and a delegation
of sports from this city, including
James Britt Sr. and Harry Corbett.
Betting has commenced in a desul
tory way on the I3ritt-Gans fight,
which takes place in Mechanics' Pa
vilion nt-xt Monday nijrht. Some bets
were made at even money yesterday,
but this price may not last long. The
money of the public talks louder than
any auctioneer of pools, and it will not
be long before the market settles down.
Eritt has a large following of men
who waprer small amounts. These have
always had a b*t down on the Callfor
nian. As ht has done everything that
has betn asked of him up to the pres
ent time they will still call for paste
boards bearing the magic name of
Britt.
VT. L. Pet. f TV. L. Pet.
Taeoma 49 32 .6051 Seattle 43 40 .518
Los Angeles.41 35 .539' San Fran 30 44 .450
Oakland . . . .42 38 .SIDiPortland ... .30 51 .370
tirlguished himself by making two
hits, scoring one run Mid later scor
ing himself. Los Angeles tied the
score In the third.
Thielman played center field and
his long wallop in the fourth allowed
Davis to .score from 'second base. In
the third Flood told Gray to walk
back and lay fpr Runkle. Runkle,
however. . smashed one out that Ber
nard made for. Instead of getting it
in his hands he booted it clear to the
fence and tliree men scored. The
Portland— >"" I U>* Angeles—
, AB.R. H. P.A.J AB.R. H. P.A.
Thlmn.cf 4 12 4 OBrnrd.cf S 0 O O O
Holnd.rt 2 10 1 OFlood.2b 5 12 3 2
N'adau.lf 3 0 12 <> Smith. 3b 2 1115
Beck. 3b 3 1 0 3 0 Crvth.rt 4 1 2 8 O
Rnkle.ss 3 0 14 1 Chase.lb 4 O 0 13 1
Spncr.2b 4 10 2 4 Tomn.ua ft 0 O 1 I)
Stlman.e 4 0 0 3 1 Rom. If . 5 0 2 1 ¦>
PavKlb 3 12 8 OjEagar. c 2 0 0 3 2
Strklla.p 2 0 0 0 4 Gray, p. 3 O 2 0 9
Tbtals.23 5 8 2T lO" Totals.33 3 9 24 14
RUNS AND HIT3 BT INXTNGS. ;
Portland 0 18 10 0 0 0 x — 5
Base hits 1 12 2 0 0 0 0 x— «
Los Angeles 0 0 10 0 0 10 1—3
Base hits 1 110 0 12 1 2—9
SUMMARY.
Errors — Beck. Bernard. Toman. - Gray.
Earned runs — Portland 1. IxSb Angrelea 1.
Stolen bases — Flood. Cravath. Spencer. Kajrar.
Bases on balls— Off Starkells 5. off Gray 2.
Struck out— By Starfcells 2. by Gray 4. Two
base hits — N'adeau. 8mltb. Cravath. Left on
bases— Portland ft, Los Aneeles 14. Hit by
Pitched ball— By SUrkells 4. by Gray 1.
Passed ball— Eairar. "Wild pitch— etarkells.
First base on errors — Portland 2. Los Angeles
1. Sacrifice hits — Smith, Holland. Nadeau.
Starkells. Double play — RunkJe to Spencer to
Davis. Time of same— 1:65. Umpire — Brown.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
FORECAST OF FORM
ON EASTERN TRACKS
Brin Will Cease Boxing' After To-Day
to Prevent Injury to His Hands.
Canteen, Choice for
Rich Stakes, De
feated by Little Em
Spectators Witness
Sensational Race
at Worth Track
Tacoma Stars Wallop Buctianan's
Offerings Till TUbu- Are
TIM and Weam
The Huguenot Is Overlooked
and Wins Handily at Jamaica
FIGHTERS TRAINING
Noted by Big Crowds
AT THE RIVAL CAMPS
FISHER'S TIGERS GET REVENGE
Even Money Betting Is Opening Quotation Offered by Men Who Want to Wager ON BRITT AND GANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1904.
FATHER' MUST ¦ EXPL.AIN.—A . citation
was Issued > yesterday for;J. W.~ Short toap
pear; in Judge : Kerrlyan'8 i court on October 27
and shbw; whether., or not he has. concealed or
disposed J of ; certain ; moneys ¦ belonging j to :¦ the
estate of his deceased daughter,; Lucetta Dunn.
The - administratrix, * Mary Dunn. •* Is ¦-: ot tha
opinion that a : bank; account belonging ; to V tha
deceased . was ¦ ¦ taken possession of by * the
father.T--: •;¦:.'¦'¦¦-.' ' -: -v.:v- ••; r i.._..- .>>¦? z ;
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Trunks and
Leather Goods
We have now on display the
most complete and up-to-date
stock of trunks and leather
goods shown in the market.
Moderate prices. First-class"
goods.
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis Street,
j>jdSB&&sM MEHAHDWOMEII.
cJjKVyPwREb'WfcS Cm Bir « for nnnatomi
¦jSSflr •¦ lt °b **j*SB <J!ich»rgei.iBfl»ntm»tiont.
AGM Ouruteri H lrriutien* or ulceratloM
E*» I n« to «ri8t«r». cf mucous membrane*.
CV Prr**** CraucUs. Ftinitti, fcnd not attrla-
pTofTKEtTmCMEMKilCn. *ent or pcttonou*.
fcsj* 0!»amTI,tJ?£Q >«1<I by Drnrelste,
- HB^L^ »fc*Sr«r sent in plain wrapper.
"Trf rTiMsi ' iflTFTfff by «zpr«ai. prepaid, fof
«I-00. or 8 tattles »2.7ft.
•*v|BBP r V\" Circsltr Met ea niBtftr
. ADVERTISEMENTS. i
<»@9«9ooooeaooo«oo«e«oo9909eoeo*o«9*«66eo«€o
¦ , .-.;-¦.¦...; ; .* . "-'."¦¦ -.;¦-':-¦-" ¦ ..- - ( * ' ¦.- ' - * - '*¦¦¦'>'" ¦ r - p ' r ¦.-• v ¦ f ¦ , •-
cn'^SvWBv X^^>P^ S> S^ • ft I
"It Makes Me Feel
| Like a New Man"
I "WANT TO TALK TO MEN WHO HAVE PAINS AND ACHES. WHO
feel run down physically, who realize that the old "fire" and energy
, ,. ; which was so evident In youth Is absent now; men who can't stand the
amount of exertion they could rears ago. I want you — It that means
you — to see what I have done for others who were Just as bad off. That's
» my Introduction. If a friend In whom you had confidence presented some
• one to you and said. "Jack, here's Brown; he has made good with me, and
i I trust him, wouldn't you trust him, too? ;-
I Mr. H. A. Lehndorff. proprietor of tth Fernando Hotel. Fernando. Cal., a man
I known to thousands of Callfornlana, a O. A. R. - veteran, says that ¦ my Belt cured
. him of Rheumatism, and that he will praise It for all time aa the rrandest remedy
known for that trouble.
- Mr. W. F. Quite. Cedarvllle. Cal.. writes, March 10: "Tour Belt cured me after
• I had spent $1000 in useless doctoring."
• I have cured thousands of men who have squandered the savings of
> years in useless doctoring. • ¦:
I My Belt is easy to use; put it on when you go to bed; you feel the
> slowing heat from it. (no sting or burn, as in old style belts), and you
» feel the nerves tingle with the new life flowing Into them. You eet uo
I In the morning feeling like a two-year-old. awmsowu^
» m An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young as he did at 35.
j That shows It renews the vigor of youth It cures Rheumatism. Sciatic
: Pains. Lumbago. Kidney Trouble. Banishes pain in a night, never to
' return.
J V Mr. A. C. Hammond. 330 Pine street. San Francisco, say» March 20' "At the
9 age of 75 your Belt has cured me of general weakness and kidney trouble ••
! *v, w bat ails you? Write and tell me., and no matter where you are I
) think I can give you the address of some one in your town that I hav*
j v U er&m^ and every man of them • i«. walking ad-
I Every, man who uses my Belt gets the advice and counsel of a physl-
1 he a canX e ' Try^my Belt. that medical man can give, and a tot that
I FREE -BOOK' Jook'Jfth"^;'* 1^ f ? m v? beautiful illustratedTO SAIL.
United States Coast; and Geodetic Surrey-
Time and Height of High and Low .Waters
, at Fort Point. , entrance to San rFrancUco
Sun, Moon ' and Tide.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 8. = N. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco." Cal .
October 25. 1904.
The -Time Ball on the . tower r of the -, Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. e.. at noon of : the 120th meridian, or at' 8
p. m. Greenwich - time. J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant. U.S. N.. in charge.
Time Ball,
¦: Tuesday, October 25.
Gfi r stmr ; Ammon; Jorgensen, Seattle; J . b
6preckels"&' Bros-Co.'-^ * "~ »¦-.•. .
" Ger schr Neptune.- Schmidt.' Jalult^ Marshall
Islands &Co. .
-'s Br : ship ? Gunford, • Watt, f Liverpool ; Geo ' W
McNear.-: ¦¦..--.¦• - ¦ . ,;,;" ¦:;•;¦¦. : . ¦ . ¦; .
CLEARED,
ARRIVED.
Monday. I October 24. '
Stmr Acme, Reed, 37 hours from San Pedro.
1 ¦ Tuesday. ; October 25. ..
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen, , 12 . hours f m ; Point
Arena. ' '•• - . ¦ " • ¦ -
. Stmr FA Kllburn. Thompson, 7 hours from
Port , Rogers: .; - ¦«¦•--• ;.
Stmr: Norwood. Martin,' 82 hours from Bel
llngham. ¦¦-,: ...-.-.
Stmr ' Pomo. \ Ahlln. 12 hour* from Albion,
via Point Arena 10 hours. ¦ : . -...••
: ¦ Stmr . Newport. ". Corning, > 7 , hours ftn Pigeon
Pnlnt.* K M*"*Hal" 1 ¦*]¦ —W" "|;
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell. 6 : days : 23 hours
from Honolulu. ¦•¦¦-",:
Stmr Whlttler. ¦ Dickson. — hours trom Port
Harford. Up river direct. fjjp 1 *Wmm
Stror, Cella,t8mith, 19 hours from, Albion.
Schr 'Lily.. Bottger, 5 days from Umpqua
River.;;''-'-';.-- <>-¦..¦•';'-¦¦. ¦¦•¦ . •¦¦•"*;' ¦; v <' •- • •; -..
¦ Schr Joseph Buss. • Gasky, 10 days from Co
lumbia River.''
Schr Ida McKay. Letola. 3 days fm Eureka.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
; Steamer. f Destination. Sails.
Jefferson . '. . . . Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 1 27
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way, Ports. Oct. 23
Farallon ... . . Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 31
Santa Clara. . 8eldovla & Way Ports. | Nov. 1
SAN FRANCISCO BAR— CALIFORNIA.
(List of lights and fog signals, Paclflo
Coast, 1904, page 14, No. 28, and list of lights,
buoys and daymarks, Pacific Coast, 1904,
pages ¦ 19 and 20.) £3p*>HB*'wBn|M9MaM
Notice Is hereby given that, on or about
November 26, , 1904, the characteristic) of the
fog whistle on San Francisco Light vessel No.
70 will be changed to blasts of two seconds'
duration, separated by silent Intervals of
twenty-eight seconds. -.
SAN PABLO BAY— CALIFORNIA. ,
(List of lights, buoys and daymarks, Paeifle
Coast, 1004, page 26.) -Z&*m#>9Gmit\i*&>itu&^
Cautionary notice is. hereby given that Point
Wilson mid-channel buoy. San - Pablo Bay,
California, dragged out of position October 18,
was replaced the same . day . by . the dredging
company near- its former position. .
¦ By order of the Lighthouse Board.
• • W. P. DAT,
Commander. U. S. , N., Inspector Twelfth
Lighthouse District.-
Notice to Mariners.
FKOM SEATTLE.
bacco, 25 cs cigarettes, 4 cs dry goods, 1 cs
drugs.
To East Indies — 1025 : cs assorted : canned
goods. 732 cs canned salmon, 34 pkgs groceries
and provisions. ¦
To Korea— 00 bxs fresh fruits, 31 cs canned
goods, 18 cs table preparations, 56 pkgs grocer
ies and provisions, 000 lbs sugar, 5 cs dry
goods, 7 - pkgs machinery, 1 ¦ reel • wire, 18 cs
paints.* 8 cs turpentine. ,
-¦ , Tto Honoiulu— J50, 000 lbs cement, 2618 lbs to
- To Chini — 4500 bbls flour, 860 pkrs table
preparations, 1171 cs condensed milk, 85 cs
canned salmon, 4915 cs assorted canned goods
1910 lbs lard, 62*5 lbs 100 cs dried fruit 252
pkgs groceries and provisions, 0170 lbs 'lard,
codfish, 17,449 lbs ham and bacon, 10,787 lbs
dried fish, 17,412 lbs che«se, 30,436 lbs beans
1353 pkgs fresh fruits, 191 pkgs potatoes, 40
pkgs cnlons, 2S53 gala 1 cs wine. 112 pkgs paste
8770 lbs 34 ca meals, 1750 lbs raisins, 9776 lbs
coffee. 83,167 lbs sugar, 1300 lbs 10 cs bread
10,550 lbs pearl barley, 12 pkgs olives, 6024 lbs
ginseng, 836.010 lbs pig lead, 5 pkgs machinery
10 eg oil,, 10 bales twine. 10 cs drugs, 11 cs
arms and ammunition, 214.1S4 lbs leaf tobacco.
6482 lbi manufactured tobacco, 1260 cs cigar
ettes. & cs cigars. - '¦
To Philippine Islands — 100 pkgs freah fruits,
50 ca canned goods. 20 en photo material.
Tht steamer China sailed yesterday for
Hongkong and way ports via Honolulu with a
general merchandise cargo valued at $331,414,
exclusive of treasure, and to be distributed as
follows: For Japan, $18,499; China, $269,746;
Philippine Islands, $1317; East Indies. $4317;
Korea. $2698; Honolulu. $4712; Suez. $125. Tho
following were the leading exports -
To Japan— 2210 gals wine. 4282 cs condensed
milk, 44 cs assorted canned goods, 102 pkgs
table preparations. 400 lbs lard. 286 lbs cheese
883 lb» bam and bacon. 188 pkgs rroceries and
provisions. 1646 lbs butter, S270 lbs 3 cs rais
ins, 26 pkgs freeh fruits, 3070 lbs 10 cs dried
fruit. 6848 lbs sugar, 44 gals whisky 47 gals
brandy. 10 bales hay, 10 ctls oats, 125 flasks
quicksilver. 3 pkgs machinery, 123,383 lbs sheet
lead. 9 bdls wire. 9 bales hose, 12 cs rubber .
goods. 115 rolls leather. 400 bxs soap, 500 kegs
nails, 13 pkgs pipe and fittings, 8 cs boots and
she*?.
Bfercbnndise for the Orient.
Crab Boats Get a Tow.
The folks along the seawall at Meiggs
wharf yesterday moraine saw two small crab
boats hauling a big 150-ton schooner Into
the harbor. The tow was the schooner Lily,
five days from Umpqua, with 200.000 feet of
lumber aboard. She arrived off the Potato
Patch, or four- fathom buoy early la the
morning and the wind dying to a dead calm
was helpless. There were no towboats in
sight and the slight drift of the vessel was
rhorewtrd. The two crab fishers, Nicholas
Moreno and Antone Martini, clows by. were
hauling up their nets for the run bom* and
Ekipper Bottger. taking a good look at Lime
Point, to make cure It had not moved away,
called the •crab launches alongside. A bargain
was soon struck and the fishers hooked on
tandem and the procession was sooa tinder
way.
A big schooner with 200,000 feet of green
lumber Is heavier than a sight's catch of
crabs, but Antone and Nicholas at their en
gine l?vers helped the little boats over the
•bteep" places and the two launches, cough
ins and spitting loudly through the dim foe
iu:ck!y got the W.y't nose turned toward the
bay. The crab fishing engineers did not
rnare the gasoline and the taut towline
755 cs a*corted canned goods, 120 cs salmon,
"COO lbs barreled beef, 74 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 25 pkgs potatoes and onions, 48,055
ft lnmber. 11,266 gals distillate. 880 gals gaso
line. 40 bdls shingles, 6 bbls oil, 10 bales
twine, 6 ca drugs, 2 cs powder.
The German schooner Neptnne was cleared
yesterday for Jalult, Marshall Islands, with an
assorted cargo valued at $6384 and including
the following: .
Exports for German Oceanica.
The British ship Gunford was cleared yester
day for Liverpool with 109,651 cs canned fruit,
5100 cs canned salmon and 66ft«00 lbs scrap
steel rails, valued at 1359,393. The ship also
carried 20,000 ft lumber as dunnage valued at
S300.,
A Cargo for Liverpool.
Picture Frames.
Our Eastern selection of frames and
moldings for fall trade now in; better
and more beautiful than ever -before.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
Matters of Interest to 3Iarlners and
Shipping Merchants.
The schooner Goden Shore is chartered for
lumber and poles from British Columbia to
Santa Rosdia, Mexico.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 25—5 p. m.
The followfflg maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 48-40iNew York 02-46
Chicago 56-36 Philadelphia &4-42
Cincinnati 66-48 St. Louis 68-44
I Jacksonville 66-50 Pittsburg ...08-52
New Orleans 72-50 Washington .... . .50-42
SAN FRANCISCO 60-54
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, aa compared with. those. of same date last
season, and rainfalls In last twenty-four hours:
Last . This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 00 4.34 3.27
Red Bluff 00 • 8.49 0.46
Sacramento 00 6.47 0.12
San Francisco 00 7.45 0.17
Fresno 00 4.93 0.00
Independence 00 0.47 0.42
San Luis Oblspo 00 4.58 0.02
Los Angeles 00 > 1.13 0.43
San Diego 00 0.16 0.07
COAST RECORD.
a S 5" 3 ? ***** ¦"¦
STATIONS. I ||J| gS |- I
__^ * — n n • *
Baker 30.24 66 84 SE Clear .00
Carson 30.10 68 30 N Clear .00
Eureka ......80.06 C2 50 W Cloudy .00
Fresno 20.34 78 52 NW Clear .00
S.E. Farallon.30.03 67 53 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 2U.9S 66 22 NE ' Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello 30.20 62 28 SW Clear .00
Independence .30.02 78 62 W Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 94 74 60 - W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.30.03 70 64 B Clear .00
North Head... 30.04 72 62 S Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29.92 82 60 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Pt Reyes Lt. .30.00 56 61 NW Cloudy .00
Portland 30.02 72 46 W Clear ,00
Red Bluff 2D.9S 82 54 E Clear .00
Roseburg 30.00 72 44 W Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.93 74 62 N Clear .00
San Franclsco.30.04 60 64 W Clear .00
San L. Obispo.30.00 62 52 W Cloudy .00
San Diego 29.92 68 CO NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.04 60 40 NW Clear .00
Spokane 30.24 64 84 NE Clear .00
Tatocsh 30,00 64 60 E 1 Clear .00
Walla Walla. .29.90 62 40 SW\ Clear .00
Winnemucca .30.16 70 36 N ' Clear .00
Yuma 29.90 .86 56 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure j has risen slowly over Califor
nia. Elsewhere there has been but little
change.
Cloudy weather is reported in Arizona and
conditions are favorable for showers along tha
Mexican boundary and northwestward to the
Canyon of the Colorado.
The temperature continues somewhat above
the normal ' in the great valley of California ,
and below the normal on the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for- thirty
hours ending midnight, October 26: ¦
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, except
cloudy on the northern coast, and possibly light
showers; iight easterly wind. ¦•,'¦•¦ ¦
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday, light
southerly winds, changing to westerly.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day, light southerly wind, changing to west
erly.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; light southerly wind, changing to west
erly. ; . ¦- * ¦
Sacramento — Fair Wednesday; light northerly
wind, r .;-.¦-'-.
Fresno— Fair Wednesday; light northwest
wind. A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
- Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 38.
S. Barbara. . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth... Coqullle River .... 5 pm Pier 20
Arctic Humboldt 8 am Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am 'Pier 11
Chlco..... .. Coquille River .... 1 pm!Pier 2
N. Fork.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Algoa. ..... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
J. Hlgglns.. Los Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 2
October 27. <
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Newburg... j Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia..... Willapa Harbor..;. 12 m Pier 23
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.. 5 pm Pier 8
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
October 28. ,
Corona. .... Humboldt .". 1 :30 p Pier 0
San Pedro.. Humboldt...: 12 ¦ m Pier 2
, . October 29.
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda. . . . Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose.... N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Norwood.... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
Argo. ...... Eel River Ports. . 4 pm Pier ' 2
. October 30. ¦
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Centennial.. Seattle, & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
8. Rosa. • . .". San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bureka. .... Humboldt ..... 9 am Pier 13
Homer...... Los Angeles Torts. 5 pm Pier 2
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 27
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor. ..... 8 pm Pier 2
October 31. .
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
S. Monica. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
¦i ¦:, : . . November 1.
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Arcata Coos B.,& Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
November 3.
Columbia. . . ABtoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 4. .
Rainier Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm Pier 10
' November 5.
City Panamj N.- Y. • via Ancon. 12 - m Pier 40
November 6.
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
The naval tag TJnadilla, which went ashore
ea Angel Island Monday forenoon In a dense
tog. was polled from her cradle of sand at
high tide about 1 o'clock yesterday morning.
The big army transport tug Slocum went up
to th« stranded vessel about midnight and
when her 1000-horsepower engines got a strain
on the towllnes the Unadllla reluctantly slipped
off the saad frumfr Thus the army once more
got the navy Into deep water. The tug went
ashore In & favorable spot, and not leaking
sh« probably has not sustained any injury.
But soundings around the stranded hull re
vealed the fact that a few feet to the right
or left of the sandy cradle in which she
lay were rocks en which the Unadllla would
have smashed In her plates like egg shells.
Xaval Tus Unadllla Unharmed.
The Pacific Mall freighter Algoa will com
plete her loading and will sail for China and
Japan to-morrow. Captain A. Ze«der will be
In command as Captain Kinder has resigned
from the company's service.
The only overdue vessel on the reinsurance
list Is the German ship Sirene, 14S days out
from Liverpool for Valparaiso. 65 per cent.
Th« steamer Breakwater will sail for Coos
Bay Thursday.
Water Front Notes.
James , P. Johnston, an ironworker,
living: at 244 Sixth street, disappeared
some months ago leaving his wife and
12-year-old daughter to look out for
themselves. Nothing: was heard of him
till recently when Mrs. Johnston
learned that he was employed as su
perintendent of a foundry at Pomona
and had married another woman
there. Mrs. Johnston called at the
Bond and Warrant Clerk's office yes
terday afternoon and said she did not
want her husband arrested for bigamy,
but she did want him to support his
daughter. She swore to a warrant be
fore Police Judge Cabaniss for her
husband's arrest on a charge of failure
to provide.
Johnston Deserts His ' Family.
Edward K. Rose, the Hllo postofflce clerk,
who stole a Panama hat from the mails and
was captured in Delaware, pleaded guilty at
Honolulu and was sentenced to one year at
bard labor, the lowest sentence allowed by law.
Advices from Honolulu announce that Cap
tain William Treanor of the schooner Matthew
Turner, well known here, pleaded guilty to
smuggling six cases of Scotch whisky and
one case of gin into the Territory last De
cember. The captain was fined $300 and re
manded to the custody of the Marshal till
the fine Is paid.
Honolulu Court Sentences.
Steamer. '.From., . \ Due-
Centennial..'.' Seattle A- 7 * 04 ™ 4 --*""' Oct; 2<1
City Panama. *N«w.York via. Ancon.. Oct. 20
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria. . . . Oct. 26
Corona Humboldt Oct. 20
Curacao...... Mexican Ports ..; Oct. 27
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena, Oct. 27 i
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 27
Argo Bel River Ports ...... Oct. 27
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 28
Eureka. ...... Humboldt "..Oct. 28
DelNorte.... Crescent City Oct. 28
San Pedro San Pedro Oct. 28
Pomona.....". Humboldt Oct. 2'J
Arctic........ Humboldt Oct. 30
Enterprise Hllo Oct. 30
Northland.... Portland & Astoria Oct. 30
W. Kruger... Portland & Astoria Oct. 30 !
Homer Grays Harbor .... . Oct. 30
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Oct. 30
Redondo..... San Pedro Oct. 30
Chehalis. . . . . San ' Pedro Oct. 30
North Fork... Humboldt Oct. 81
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria. ... Oct. 31
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. Oct. 31
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. Oct. 31
Coos Bay..... San Pedro & Way Ports Oct. 31
State of Cal.. San Diego &. Way Pts. Oct. 31
Breakwater. . Coos Bay |Oct. 31
Porno Point Arena & Albion. . Nov. 1
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma .... Nov. 2
Aurelia Portland & Astoria. ... Nov. 2
Acapulco.. ... New York via Ancon.. Nov. 2
Queen........ Puget Sound Ports .... Nov. 2
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul.. Nov. 5
Alliance.....'. Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 6
A number of theatrical people in Crowley*s
launch Recruit enjoyed the novelty of chip
wreck on a mud bank yesterday morning
near Vallejo Junction. The party of about
nineteen persons of both sexes had gone to
Vallejo to be present at the opening of the
Kroplre Theater and insisted on starting back
to this city at 1 o'clock a. m. When near
Rodeo the launch, lost in the tog, ,. ran
aground. As the tide went down' the boat
Msted and the waves washed in. -All were
badly frightened, especially when T. A. Jones,
one of the party, fell overboard. He swam
ta the shore, which was close by, and pro
curing a boat succeeded In landing the party
about 6 o'clock. T. F. Smith also fell over
board, but he was hauled back In the launch.
The party was composed of L. Oesterreicher
and wife, J. Kohler and wife, T. F. Smith
and wife. Miss Harris. Miss J. Llchner. I.
Kanltz, Lottie Selgel. E. J. Stratton, W. T.
Houston. P. B. Belda, A. Rich, J. Farrell,
J. MlUiken, Mr. Oliver. D. Hanson. F. A.
Jones, James A. Scraronl and E. M. Carlson.
NJsht In a Tale Foe.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
WEATHER REPORT.
DISABLED LUMBER SCHOONER
LILY. BEING TOWED INTO PORT
BY CRAB FISHERMEN.
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 26.
Sun rises ....6:23
Sun sets 5:18
Moon rises ...7:00. p. m.
0 Time |TlmeJ Time Time
P Ft. I Ft f Ft. Ft.
? H W |L W H W L W
26 0:56 4.4 5:50 2.C 11:55 5.3 6:42 0.1
27 1:44 4.2 6:28 2.7 12:30 6.2 7:27 0.0
2S 2:32 4.2 7:15 3.0 1:10 ' 5.2 8:13 0.0
29 *3:27 4.2 8:08 3.1 2:00 5.0 9:10 0.2
SO 4:26 4.2 9:16 3.1 3:03 4.8 10:08 0.3
31 5:24 4.4 10:M 3.1 4:16 4.611:19 0.0
1 6:17 4.7 11:54 2.6 6:3S ,4.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United tStaes
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Stmr Pomona. Bwanson. Eureka; Pao Coast
Stmr^Chins, Frlele. Honolulu, Yokohama, and
Hongkong; Pac Mall S S Co.
SAILED.
- Tuesday. October 21.
Stmr Bureka, Jessen. Eureka. „„.._
Stmr F A Kllburn. Thompson. Port Roger*.
Stmr Redondo, Krog San Pedro.
Btmr Centralla. Erickson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Acme. Reed. .
Stmr Pomona. 8wanson. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Gray, Santa Cruz, etc,
Stm r Noyo, Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwlck, Astoria. a
Stmr China, Frlele, Honolulu, Yokohama and
Hongkong. * _ v All
Ger stmr Ammon, Jorgenson. Seattle.
Br ship Glenburn, Johnston. Liverpool.
Schr Churchill, Roeendal. Wlllapa Harbor.
§Schr Halcyon. Scbroeder. Portland.
• TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS — Oct 25. 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind NW; velocity 6 miles per hour.
:.,MISOTULANEWS.;nr- ¦ ~ .
U S tug Unadllla; previously reported ashore
on Angel Island, got oft yesterday and was
taken to Vallejo for repairs and examination.
.Schr Lily, from Umpqua River Oct 26. was
towed into port by two crab-flshlng boats from
off the four-fathom buoy; thick fog. and no
• PORT TOWNSEND. Oct 25— Schr Samar,
which arrived here yesterday from Manila, had
rudder damaged on voyage.
MEMORANDUM.
Pe r stmr Alameda. from Honolulu. Oct 25 —
Oct 22 lat 32 9 N. long 138 11 W. passed stmr
Ventura, from San Francisco for Australia.
Oct 24— Lat 36 26 N. long 127 15 W. passed a
French bark bound NE. Oct 24— Lat 36 60
N. long 125 58 W, met a three-masted schoon-y
er bound SW. ,/
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 25— Br ship
Agnes Oswald, from Salina Cruz.
PORT BLAKELEY — Sailed Oct 25 — Br ship
Agnes Oswald, for Port Gamble.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence Oct 21.
Arrived Oct 24— Stmr "W H Kruger, henc©
Oct 22.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 25— Stmr TJmatUla,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 25, 1:40 p m — Stmr Queen, he
Oct 22.
Arrived Oct 25, 3:35 p m— U S stmr Ged
ney from Alaska.
• POINT REYES— Passed Oct 25, 9 P M—
Stmr Bee. from Grays Harbor for San Pedro.
COOS BAY — Arrived Oct 26-^Stmr Empire,
hence Oct 21.
" EVERETT — Sailed Oct 25 — Bktn John C
Meyers, for San Pedro/ .
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct 25— Schr Snow
and Burgess, for Wlnelow.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Oct 25— U 8
stmr Perry from San Diego, and sailed
for .
PORT ! TOWNSEND — Arrived Oct 25 — Schr
Laura Madsen from St Lawrence Island.
TATOuSH — Passed in Oct 25— Br ship Bal- <
moral, from Antwerp for Seattle.
Passed in Oct 2". — Stmrs Montara and Lee
lanaw. hence Oct 22.
NOME— Sailed Oct 22 — Stmr Oregon, for
Seattle. ?.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 24 —
Stmr San Pedro, from Santa Barbara.
Sailed Oct ¦ 25— Stmr San Pedro, for San
Pedro. •
' EUREKA— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Coqullle
River, hence Oct 22.
Sailed Oct 23 — Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco: V S simr Madrona; for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 25— Stmr James
S Hiftglns. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 25 — Stmr Francis
H Lergett, hence Oct 23; stmr Chehall*. hence
Oct 23; Btmr San Pedro. -hence Oct 22; stmr
Bonita. hence Oct 22; stmr San Gabriel, from
Umpqua. - -
r Sailed Oct 25 — Stmr* Alcazar. Westport and
Bonita, for San Francisco.; echr Argus, for
Grays Harbor. ¦
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 25— 8tmr
Homer, hence Oct 23.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE — Cleared Oct 24 — Br stmr Con
dor, for Callao.
NORFOLK, Va— Sailed Oct 24— Br stmr
Craigneuk. for -Colon. ¦
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 25— Jap stmr
America Maru. hence Oct 19 for China. .
Sailed Oct 24— Bark Santiago, for San Fran
cisco.
- Arrived Oct 25 — Stmr Sierra, from Sydney.
Sailed Oct 25 — Stmr Sierra, for San Fran
cisco.
• FOREIGN PORTS.
ANCON— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Peru hence
Sept 24. ¦
PERIM— Passed Oct 23— Br stmr Coulsdon,
from Manila for, United Kingdom.
• HOB ART — In port Sept 19 — Schr E B Jack
son.-for Newcastle. ,Aus, and Honolulu.
MELBOURNE — In port ' Sept 19 — Bktn T P
Emigh, for Newcastle/' Aus. and Honolulu
VICTORIA, B C — Arrived Oct 24— Stmr
Quetn. hence Oct 22. -
Sailed Oct 25— 'Stmr Umatilla. for San Fran.
Cisco. - ' . • -
: SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Oct 25 — Stmr So
noma, hence Sept 29. -
FLEETWOOD— Arrived Oct 23— Fr ship
Laenne, • from Ortgon.
DUBLIN— Arrived Oct 23— Br : ship Red
Rock. : from Oregon. • -; ..
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Staten
dam, from - Rotterdam. : .
_»_ • ' ' • • ¦ ¦
Midshipman Verdugo of the Chilean train
ing cruiser General Baquedano has deserted
his ship and colors. The vessel was due to
call yesterday, but the absence without leave
of the cadet delayed the ° departure. His
brother officers say that the young- man Is
in poor health and Is for other reasons dls
eatisfled with the naval service, and they think
be has found friends- who are hiding him
away till the ship sails. Whatever the causa
of his desertion his shipmates deplore the
senselee act. which ruin his future and dis
grace* his name. When he returns to Chile
be will b« arrested and court-martialed and
possibly dishonorably discharged from the
service. The cruiser will sail to-day for the
south.
Chilean Midshipman Deserts.
Propmtly at 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon
Cajitaiu Wilson on the Pacific Mall dock
hauled the gangplanks ashore, the lines w«re
CSt off and the steamship China straightened
cut for her tria to the Far East. She carried
SbCO tens of carjfo. 110 cabin passengers and
etiout 175 in the steerage, seventy of them
twins Japanese. A number of those subjects
cf the Mikado are members of Japan's military
reserve, and though they hav-e not been called
to take their places in the Ulne, they are
gc'ng home voluntarily for duty at the front.
7nty were eecorted to the st«amshlp by tnelr
countrymen, carrying the American and the
Japan^e tnsisrit-. and the vessel started away
amid the rairiotic "banzai" of the Japs on
the ritr. Prince Azir Hassan, after a tour
C1 f the world, is returning to his palace in
Cairo, Egypt. The Prince Is a cousin of the
£u;tan of Turkey, and that is the reason be
<kes not live on the Bosporus. The Sultan
is reported to have a playful way, all his own,
of bowFtrtnging, or ehootlng. to be more mod
ern, his possible heirs, and a residence out of
the country is more healthful. So Aziz cuts
Turkey out of his itinerary.
Following- are the c*bin passengers:
For Honolulu — Mrs. G. I. Bonn«r. Mrs. H. C.
Coleman, Mrs. Vic'.a Hays, P. C. Jen*?, J.
A. Jcjce. Mis.s Hel-n K. Mead. F. L. Rlggs
end wife. J. J. Eullivan. Rev. W. D. Wester
ftldt.
For Tckchama— E. S. Cobb and wife, M.
CreFj/i. M:ss Bertha Clawson and maid. A. R.
Kontaine tod wile. Prince Aziz Hassan and
val^t. Rev. W. O. Harrington. ,y. Ksjnura,
Her. Fred Merrifield, S. Xa:ka. S. Otsuka, Dr.
H. T. Percy and wife, Percy Palmer, Com
mander N. Sargent, U. S. N.; S. Tamguchl.
For Kobe— Hev. H. E. Blair. Miss Gertrude
Biglow, Mirs B. Carson, Miss Anne Dowd. Rev.
A. M. Earle. Miss J. KimbalL Miss Henrietta
Mayo and maid. Rev. Edward F. MacFarland,
Ids* Harriet McJLear, Miss M. G. Me bane,
Misf Florence Patton, Miss Jessl« RUcer.
For Nagasaki — Miss Grace Tbomasma.
For Shanghai — Mm. A. W. Brewster End
daughter. J. M. Clinton and wife, Mrs. P. A.
Cray. Miss A. M. Hall. Rev. i. V. Latlmer
and wife. Osborne Middleton, wife and child;
II. A. Moore. George M. Newell. Miss Mary
Reynolds. Miss Nellie N*. Russell. Charles L.
Etorrs Jr., Charles TV. Young and wife.
For IIor.gkor.tr — W. F. Barnes, Dr. J.
Beachboard, Bernard Bienenfeld, John H.
Bridges, Miss A. H. Brlnkerhoff, Fred C.
Bues, John Buschman, Commander C. G.
Calkins. U. S. X.: Hev. B, T. Capen. Mrs. J.
W. Cuching. K. de la Fenlotte, W. J. Fisher.
F* H. Goulette. Rev. J. H. Griffin and wife.
T'. H. Oubbins. Mis* A. A. Hoag, J. R, Hop
kins and wife. Mrs. X. X. Kerr. Miss B. Kub
len F. T. lAwton. Claude Lindsay, Albert
n. Lash J. H. F. Mangels, Rev. C. L. Max
field, wife and child: D. C. McCann and wife.
L. D. Miner and wife, A. Molr and wife. Rev.
"5V. H. Munger. W. F. Pack and wife. Glenn
\V Parks, John J. Pleger. Burton Preston and
wife. Charles E. Putnam. A. Flndlay Smith,
E. W. Taylor, R. C. Thomas, George Vogt.
From Honolulu — G. HowelL W. D. Keyston
and wife. Miss A. Keyston, Per Lee Pease
end wile. *
China Sails for the Orient.
Most men would rather work for a
small salary than big wages.
twanged like a harpstring. Lookout Hyslop
on Point Lobos. who has a speaking acquaint
ance with every ship on the five oceans, could
not quite make out the character of the pro
cession and Mike Fitzgerald, the Merchants'
Exchange expert on Meiggs wharf, accused his
glass of having grown "boozy." The fishers
safely landed their tow at her moorings and
went back to their wharf to sort out their
crab catch.
Three men entered the saloon of "Wil
liam Lehing, 400 Fifth street, shortly
before midnight Monday night. Lehing
had just counted his cash and was
about to close the place. The men
forced him into a rear room and while
two kept' guard over him the third
broke open a cash box that was kept
on the drain board behind the bar.
About $2 in small change had' been left
by Lehing in the box and the thief took
out about a dollar's worth.
The three men then. ran out of the
saloon and, Lehing ran after them. He
met Policeman Madden and pointed out
the thieves. Madden thased them along
Perry street in the direction of Fourth.
He called upon them to stop and fired
a shot in the air to intimidate them.
One of them stopped and the other two
ran to the rear of 217 Perry street.
Madden, had been Joined by Police
man Farrell and after handcuffing their
prisoner they went in search of the
other two. They were found hiding be
hind a pile of boxes on the back porch
of the third story. r The officers drew
their revolvers and 'covering the two
men ordered them to throw up their
hands, which they did promptly. The
three prisoners were taken back to
Lehlng's saloon and he at once Identi
fied them. They were booked at the
City Prison on a charge of robbery.
Their names are Patrick Bannon, alias
Alfred Murphy, a brother of "Lefty"
Bannon;* Peter Wall and John Mogan.
No money was found upon them and a
careful search of the route they had
taken failed to reveal any trace of the
stolen coin.
The General Association of Califor
nia, northern conference, made up of
Congregational ministers from the
towns of the State north of Tehachapl,
began its forty-eighth annual session
yesterday afternoon at the Third Con
gregational Church. The afternoon ses
sion resulted in the election of officers
for the ensuing fiscal year and the ap
pointment of committees to take,
charge of the conference. The conven
tion will continue throughout the week,
morning, afternoon and evening, until
Friday noon.
Following a devotional service, con
ducted by the Rev. E. L. Walz. came
the election of officers. The balloting
resulted In the choice of the Rev. L C.
Meserve of the Plymouth Congrega
tional Church of San Francisco, mod
erator; Rev. A. CUPatterson of Peta
luraa, assistant moderator; Rev. R. C.
Brooks of Oakland, scribe, and Rev. O.
V. Lucas of Pacific Grove, assistant
scribe. The Rev. E. H. Jewett remains
registrar throughout a three years'
term.
Reports of the delegates to various
fraternal bodies were received. A paper
agitating the building of a home at
Saratoga for aged ministers and mis
sionaries was advocated by "W. T.
Patchell and E. S. Williams. The Santa
Clara Churches Association have In
dorsed the affair and grounds have
been purchased for the location of a
building.
The work of .the 175 delegates attend
ing the session will be to review the
work of the missionaries, discuss the
current religious and industrial ques
tions and make the yearly appoint
ment of members to pay fraternal vis
its to other denominations.
Service and sacrament were held last
night and the Rev. L. D. Rathbone de
livered the sermon."
During the women's hour this after
noon Mrs. Mary Haven Edwards will
deliver a lecture on the California In
dian in behalf of the Indians* Rights
Association. The programme for to
day and the rest ¦ot the session Is as
follows:
Wednesday morning— 8:15 . o'clock. Bible
study, Professor John Buckbam; 0, business;
0:30, "Narrative of Churches": 10:16. discus
sion of narrative, led by Rev. C. J. Bald
win; 11, Congregationalism, and Evangelism;
(a) report of committee on evangelism. Rev.
W. J. Speera; (b) discussion, led by Rev. A.
W. Hare; 12, adjournment.
Wednesday afternoon — 2 o'clock, women's
hour; (a) home missions; (b) foreign missions;
8 o'clock, C. S. S. and Publishing Society,
Rev. E. J. Singer; 8:25, intermission; 3:35,
C. C. B. Society. Rev. H. H. Wlcoff; 4. A. B.
C. F. M., Rev. H. Melville Tenn«y; address,
"The New Pacific and Missions," R»v. C R.
Brown; 5, adjournment.
Wednesday evening — 7:30 o'clock, pratee ser
vice; 8 o'clock, anniversary California Horn*
Missionary Society; addresses by Dr. Adams.
Rev. J. R. Knodell, Rev. W. D. Xldd and
Mrs, E. S. Williams.
Thursday morning — 8:15 o'clock. Bible
study. Dr. Buckham; 0 o'clock, business: 9:10.
annual business meeting of tha California
Home Missionary Society; 10 o'clock, "Present
Economic Conditions," Rev. J. H. Klxnball;
10:30, discussion: 11 o'clock, "Influence of a
Business Man in the Church," Gilbert Dex
ter: 11:80. discussion; 12 o'clock, adjournment.
Thursday afternoon — 2 o'clock, devotional
service. Rev. P. H. Burgess; 2:30, "Religion
of a Business Man." G. W. Dickie; 8 o'clock,
discussion; 3:30 Intermission; 3:40, "Why
Business Men Hold Aloof From the Church";
(a) "The View of the Professional Man." J.
N. Young; (b) "The View of tha Business
Man," B. S. Hayes; 4:20, discussion; 5 o'clock,
adjournment.
Thursday evening — 7:30 o'clock, praise ser
vice; 8 o'clock, "Message From th« East,"
Rev. William Harmon Hopkins; "Glimpses of
London Religious Life," Rev. William Radtr.
Friday morning — 8:15 o'clock, Bible study,
Dr. Buckham; 9 o'clock, reports of delegates
to National Council; 0:45, address by Rev. W.
P. Patchell; 10:16, closing business; 11 o'cIoA,
adjournment.
A- Berg. Mrs. G. Bliss and two chil
dren, H. C. Carter, J. O. Carter Jr.. W.
Coney, G. R. Ewart, J. Kirkland, F. J.
Krauss, A- C. McKeever, Mrs. W. T.
Robertson, TV. G. SmitH, R. W. Spald
ing, H. Izuwa and Chong Jack Wing.
Surgeon F. A. St. Sure, long a mem
ber of the official staff of the Alameda,
did nut return on the vessel, his suc
cessor being Dr. Arthur Hodgins. Dr.
Et. Sure is now the physician in charge
of a large sugar plantation on one of
the islands. R. W. Spalding is the
cashier of W. G. Irwin & Co., Hono
lulu. F. J. Krauss is the professor of
agriculture in the Kamehameha Col
lege. H. C. and J. O. Carter are rela
tives of Governor Carter. The steam
ship brought up sixteen cabin passen
gers and 195 in the steerage, 179 being
Japanese. These small brown men
found a Email surprise awaiting them
when they filed down the vessel's gang
way. They were lined up on the wharf
and two collectors began at the head of
the class, gathering $3 poll tax from
each new citizen. There were no Joyful
and exultant "banzais" from the
strangers, but protests in the Japanese
and English tongues. But each man
of the 179 paid his Initiation fee into the
country.
The following are the cabin passen
gers:
The Oceanic liner Alameda, Captain
Dowdell, came into harbor yesterday
morning through the fog that lay over
the heads and bay, 5 days 23*4 hours
from Honolulu. She brought a full
cargo of sugar, coffee, honey, bananas,
drags and an unusually large consign
ment of pineapples.
Two Crab fishermen
low a Schooner
to Safety.
Selection of Leaders and
Naming of Committees
.Follow Opening Service
Victim Gives an Alarm and
Thieves Chased and Cap
tured by Two Policemen
ELECTS NEW "OFFICEES
MONEY BOX IS EIFLED
William Idling Held Up in
His Saloon and Forced to
Keep Quiet in Eear Boom
Forty-Eighth Annual Con
vention in Session at
the Congregational Church
China Goes Out With
a Heavy list of
Passengers.
THREE ROBBERS
DO BOLD WORK
NORTH STATE
PASTORS MEET
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP ALAMEDA ARRIVES FROM
HONOLULU WITH LARGE FRUIT CARGO ABOARD
THE SAN FRANCISGO";GALL; WEDNESDAY, .OCTOBER 26, 1904.
7
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
WANT ADS.
A Coupon Entitling You to One
Pound 40c
"TOP QUALITY" COFFEE of
THE GREAT ;
IMPORTING TEA CO.
With Every 25c Small Ad .
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Small Ad Page for; Further.
Particulars.
RAILWAY TRA VEIi.
> <<*^iF~hf** s «v. Tram* leave and are rt«i»
ff^^^|J 8AN FBANCISCO.
V^^^^iV/ Fun Bxnrr
Xjyr (Toot of Market Slr«<*>
t>> " - MAIN LINE. -absits
700a Vaearllle, Winters, Kuuuejr.. 7 50s»
700a Benicla, Klmlra and Sacramento.. 7.20i»
7 30a Tallejo. Kaps, CaiUtoe*. SaaU
Uo»a, Martinez. 3;ia Rjmoa 8-20*
I 30a KUecTracy. Latbrop. Stockton.... 7.20*
• 00a £baita Bxpreaa— (Via Darts).
Wllllamr, Willow*, trruto. Ked
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7.53»
8 COa notrls. Woodland, Eaicbu Landtag;
MaryiTllle. OroTiUe 7-50*
8-30a llartlnez. Antloch. By roa. Tracy.
Btocktoa. 59wmaa. Lot Bsnos,
Maadota. Armoai, Hsaford,
Vlialla. Fortenrllle •^9»»
8 30a Port Cotta. Modesto. Moreed.
Fresno, Ooaben Juactlon. Han-
ford. Tlaalla. BakeraOeld 4-58«>
8 50 A Kilea. Saa Jone. Llrennore. Stock-
too. (tUlltou). lone. Sacrameato, M m4 .
Mary«Ttile. Chlco. Bed Bluff .... 4.20»
8 30a Omkdale. Cnlaeae. Jamestowa. 8>
nora, Tnolnmna and Angel ;"2J
9.00a Atlantic Express— ©gden aad Easi. 5-20*
•40a Richmond. Martinei and Way
Station* 8-50»
1040A The OTerlaad Limited — Ozdea.
Om»b», Cnlcaso, D«aTer,Kaa»a*
io4»a Y.%!t^::::::.::::::::::::: tW
1000 a Loi Anjceles Pasienger — Port
Cotta. Mtrtlnez. Byroa. Tracy.
Latarop. Stockton. Mereed,
Raymond. Freiao. Ooshen Juno-
tloo, Haaford, Lemoore. VUalla,
Bakenfleld. Los Anc#l*«, t'ss*
I 2.00m Hayward. Nile* aad Way Stations. .,f-20»
tLOOP Bacramento Rlrer Steamers. Til. OOP
3 -JOp Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento,
Woodlaad. Knlathta Landing.
MaryiTllie. OtotIIIs and way ._„,'
•Utions :
% SOp Hayward. KtlM aad Way Ststtoas.. 7.600
3 30l» Port Coata, Martlnex, Byron,Tracy, v
Lathrop, Stockton. Modes to,
Merced. Berenda. Fresno aad
Way Station » beyond Port Costa 12-23*
4 COP Martlnfi.San K»mcn, ValleJo,UapB,
Callitof*. Santa Rosa. .3 ?5 A
4C0p jrilei. Tracy. Stockton ™-ii A
4.28P Hayward. NUes. Irrlngton. Baal tf-SOA
Jote, Llrannore 1 111.60*
5 0QpTb« Owl Limited— Newman. Lot
Bsdos. Mendota. Fre«no, Tatars*
Bakertfleld.Lo*Aaff«le*. • t-SOA
t530p Hayward. Kites aad ««a Joee ..... 7.2Ca
600p Hayward. Nl!*» and Saa Jose. 1-60*
6.00 P Eastern Express — Omaha. Chlcaro. '
Denyer. Kaosaa City, St. Loata, .
Martlnex. Stockton. Sacramento,
Co) fax, Beno, Bparki, Montello,
... O«dea 1248*
i.00«» Vsllejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 iBm
7 JOp Vallejo, Sunday only f *•«*'
7 OOP Ulehmond, Saa Pablo, Pert Cotta,
Martian sad Way Station* 11.20a
7. 00p Reno Pasienger— PoTt Costa. Be-
ntcla. 8ulson. Elmlra, Plxon,
DaTl*. Sacramento. Sparks. Tono-
pah. Heeler and Way Stations... 7 *Q*
I05p Oregon A California Rxpress— Bao-
rameato. Marysrllle. Raddlae,
Portland, Puget Soaad aad East. 8-50A
l.t Op Bay ward. Nil e* aad Baa Joss (3oa-
dayonly) 11.50a
COAST LINE (-Harrow «amg«).
(Toot of Market Street.)
8.16a Newark. Ceaterrllle. Saa Jo*o,
FsImb. Boulder Creek, Saatt
. Crux and Wsy Stations..... I I5s»
12.16*t Newark, CentorTllle. Saa Jots*
K«w Almaden.Los Gatos,7elton,
Bonlder Creek, Santa Cra* aad
Principal Way Sutions fl3-55A
4.15P Newark. San Jose. Los Gato*...-|
«9-3Cp Hunter*' Trala (Saturday only) —
8anJose aad Way Stations ...... t7-25»
COAST LINE (Broad Uaairet
!#• (Third aaJ towasend Streets.)
8.10a Saa Jose and Way Statloct.. ....... 8. SO*
- 7.00a Saa Jose and Way Stations S.AQ*
8 00a New AlmaJen (Tue»., Frld.. only). 4.10*
8 COa The Coa*ter — San Jose. Salinas.
Saa Ardo. Paso Boblea. Santa
Margarita, San .Lnla Oblspo.
Goadalape, Garlota, Santa Bar-
bara. San Baeaarentnra, Mon-
talTo. Oxnard, Bnrbaak, Los
Angeles 10.30
8 00 A Gllroy. HolHster, CastrorUle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf, Lom-
poe 10-JOp
.8.00a San Jose. Tres Pino*. Wationyille,
Capltol.t. Saata Cms, Paeifle
Grore. Salln**, San Luis Oblspo
aad Principal Way Station*. ... 4-1 0 •
10.30a Baa Jose and Way Stations... „.... 1.20*»
11 40a San Jose and Way Station*.... .... 7.30p
2.16p6aa Jose and Way Stations 8-38a
5-00pI>«1 Monte Kxpres* — SanU Clara,
Saa Jose. WatsoBTtlle. Santa
Cra, Del Mont*. Moaterey.
PaeifleGroTe 12-13*
13-OOp Lo* Gatos, Wrtgbt, Boulder Creelr.
'.. Saata Crux, rla SanU Clara aad
Narrow Ganga 710.49a
J.&OP Talf acla 8t., eonth San Francisco,
Burllasame, Saa Jote, Gllroy,
BolllsUr.TresPlBos 10.48a
440* a aa Jose aad Way Statioas tfl-OOA
nJiO* Saata Clara, Sao Jose. Los tia to*,
sad principal Way citations (az-
cept Saaday) rt.OOA
iS-SOp Baa Joie aad Principal Way Station* 13.40*
f 45* Bopjet Express.— Redwood. Saa
Jote, Gliroy.aallnas.pMO Hoblea,
Saa Lois Obiipo, SaaU Barbara,
Los Anftlea, Pemlag. Kl Paso.
St.Lou1», New Orleans. New York 9. 13a
5.45PPaJan>, WatsoaTille, Capitol a,
Baata Cms. CaatroTlua, Dtl
Monte, Paeifle GroTe 10-30*
18-1 5> 8aaMateo.BeTesford.BeIsioat.Saa
Carlos. Bedwood, Fair Oakj,
ifsaloFark. PaJo Alto tfl.48*.
8 JO* Saa Jots aad Way Suuon*. . . .. .... 8-38 a
84Qp Pal* Alto aad Way Stations....... 10.15a
1 1 .30* South SiaFrmclico. MUlbra*. Bar-
llnjame, Saa Mateo, 'Belmont,
Saa Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks. '
Mealo Park, and Palo Alto. T8-43*
•1130*Miyn*ld, Mouatata View, Sonay
Tale, Lawreace, SaaU Clara aad
Sta Jose ;... tt.43*
? forMeralag: '¦ P for Aftenjs««.
1 Bnaday cxespted. t Suaday only-
• Saturday oaly. » Monday only.
_ISwbs at all stations oa Sunday
CALffORNU NORTHWESTEXN WL"Clk
Tibturoa rerry. Toot of 3Sarkat SUtil*
saw rsAjrcxsco to m" tuarxyau.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, »:00, U:08 a. B>{ lJ-.W,
3:30, 8:10, 0:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra ttl>
at 11:30 p. m. . .^ . ~.^*
Saturdays— Extra trip at 140 and iim p. nu
6UXDATB— «:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m»| 1OK SiMk
5:00. 6:20. 11:80 p. m.
BAX BAPAXL TO 8A3T 7SAS0XSOO.
WEEK DAYS— «:0B. 7:35, 7:50, »:». U:ll
a, m.; 12:50, 8:40, 5:00. 8:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and «iSS p. m.
SUNDAYS— a -.00, 9:40, U:15 a. m-i ti«l »:¦«,
4:05. 5:05. «:25 p. m.
Lcars I la Effect I Arrrr» "~
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 1MX. ( ttafru.
Week I Sun- I Desttsa- I Boa- |W«*h
Days. I days. I tloav. fdays. |Days.
7^30 a 8:00a " " 9:10 a Srid a
9:30 a Zsaacto. 10:t0a,10i20 a
8:30 p 3:80 p 8:08 p «:»»
8:10 p 8:00 Pt T:35p ;
7:30a I »:10al8:*4a
8 :00 a Nmto, 10:40 a 10 bo %
8:80 p 9:30 a F»taluma. 8:05 p fl:20»
8:10 p 8:30 p and 7:35 p
( 6:00p Baata Rosa. }
I^Ot ' 110:44 ajlftttt «
8:00a Fulton. XiUp 8t3tg
3:80 p( 8:30 p I
[ " Windsor.
7:30a 8:00a Bsaldsbors. 10»40aiar»ai
; Lytton. •
3:30 p 3:3©p C^yssTrilla, Ti»p «r»>»
| , • Clovtrdal*. .
7:30aI 8:00 at Hopland 10)4O allOtSO •
3:30 p| 3:3Opj and Uklah. T^5p(8:2O>
~T ~j Wlllita and | ' I
7:30 aj 8:00 a| Sherwood. l-My] liM*
7:30 al 8:C0a! 10:40 a 110 :2O •
3:30 p| 3:30 p| OtWRMrflltv. 7:35 p| 6:20 y
7:30 at 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 »
5:10 p| 8:00 pj Olen gUsn. | 6:05 p| 6:20 9
~7:30a| 8:00 a» • "~" 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 pt BabastopoL | 7:35 p| 6-JO »
8TAOZS connect at Orvsa Brat) .'for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa far' White Sulphur
Springs *nd Mark West Sprints; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for 8ka*zs
Springs: at Cloverdalo for the Geysers. Boono-
vl lla and Greenwood; at Hopland for Dunca-i
Springs.' Highland Springs. KelseyvtUe. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; .at
UkUh for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Spring*.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs,
UDD«r Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Llerly's, Bueknell's. Sannedrta
Heights, Hullville. Orr*s Hot Springs. Halfway
Houie. CcVptche. Hopkins, Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg Westport and Usal: at Wllllts for
Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for For*
Braxz Cahto Covelo, Laytonvllle. Cummlnga,
Bel's' Springs. Harris. Hnbbard. Frultland.
Dyer. GarbervUle. Camp ft. Peppsrwood. ScoU*
And Eurcltit.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
S*unday — Round-trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
bH JAS. n L. FRA2IER. . R. X. RYAN. .''.
¦ Gen. Managed. On. Pass. Agt. 1
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
It. Sai fraaciioe .JggL Ar. Saa tn&dx*
Vk^CtTi 8md*ji 4smf$\ SuaiUyi~Vk.Dap~
8:25a fsjhSSgSiiil l:i!Op «1O:5Oa
9:SOa 9:5Oa l^^^y 3:^ p 3:5 3p
j ; "l't'is'p" l':4Sp el?ay iT:ie'-t7
: Saturday! 4:35p taWrd«7i , 1 1 : 1 \'i 9
¦Ta 6r»Tity Car Y Mttaaalpais t>MiaT»Jt»
i IJCUT j 630 M aukkt ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
! VfiCSS } and Sausauto F&uly. Foot Market St.
Weekly Call, $1, per Year
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
wHK^WBWWiWaEBa^stf»^^^^?^^3BB^E^PBsl
¦ caufoh:5ia ' n
M LriVIITED TO CHJC^.Ol
P LEAYES MONDAYS tnd THURSDAYS |
m »* 0:30 a. m.; thronjrh In 3 d*7»<H
H With diner and all trapping 1 !. |1
"Other Santa T» Trains:
otftt m *l F <» r Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleid.
8:00 p. m!j Merced, Hanford and VlsalU. I
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. For . Kansas City. Grand Canyon
: and Cnicaro. .
Ticket Offices — 641 Market st.' and Ferry Depot.
. San Francisco; -also. 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.; also 27 South 1st. San Joae.
¦ ¦ ¦ -
¦ To SAN RAFAEL
Ross valley;
MILL VALLEY,,
Ci^ADERa Etc
_ ._. Via Sansaiito Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally' at t7-0a.
7:48. 8:25. 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45. a lit
4:35; 5:15. 5:50, «:30.^T:15. 9:0O ana U*m
p. • m. -
Arrive at Ban Francisco, dally, at t6:4a
7:35 8:15. 8:30. 9:33.. 10:60 a.- n.; 1:30. J:M
4:25| 6:05. 5:42. «:22. «:57. 7:40 and U.112
p. m. "--¦*""«, .
tDally except Sunday.
. For Fairfax.' dally, at 7:45 a. in.: also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Satur-
day and Sunday, at. 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN a
: ! 7*45 a. m. daily— Caradero and way stations.
3 : 15 p. m., • Saturdays only— For Casadero.
etc. .- ¦¦r«gfftTBjilW|i Kjiywii If H' ¦ m IThHII ¦iWili 1 — liMf wi>ii jM
5:15 p. m.'. • dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales, etc. ««naiViagBMaMAasj
TICKET OFFICE— «50 Market st.
FERRY- Union Depot., foot of Market st.
APVERTISEatENTa.
"I Csri Casearets so g*od that I would bo* be
withoct them. I was troubled a great deal with
torpid liver and headache. Kow sine* taking
Catcarets Candy Cathartic I feel v*iy mneh batter
I shall certainly recommend them to my f rianda
as the beat medicine I cave ever seen."
Aasa Basinet, Oibora Mill No. t. fall Eivt r, Hats,
Km vL Jaw Th© AQWAle
CANDY CATrUimc
Pie at an t . Palatable, Potent. Tat te Good. De Good,
hererdicken, Weaken or Gripe. 10c. 2>, 50c.»tit
told in brJlt. The goonine tablet cUmpea CCC
Guaranteed to car* or yoar money back. ... .
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicaeo or N.V. 001
AKKUAL SALE, TEN MILUON BOXESA QUIET CAMPAIGN.
The Polyglot Club will hold its initial
meeting for this season in the United
Arts and Crafts building, 147 Presidio
avenue, on the evening of November
2. Given in honor of the Italian visi
tor, his Eminence, Cardinal Mezzo
fanti, the programme of music and
drama will be presented with Miss
• • •
The Twentieth Century Music Club,
which Is flourishing famously under
Mrs. Tucker's clever management, will
give a recital .on Saturday afternoon,
October "29, at 3:15, in Century Hall,
and some high-class features are prom
ised.
The directors of the Sequoia Club
will give a dinner to Gertrude Atherton
next Friday evening in the St. Francis.
It will be followed by a reception in
the white and gold room.
• • • •
• • *
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Spieker, who
have leased their home to Mr. and
Mrs. Walsh of San Rafael, will occu
py apartments at the Palace after the
middle of November. Miss Georgia
Spelker will probably leave next
spring for a long period of foreign
travel.
Apropos of the Williams departure,
the day before their leavetaking they
received cards announcing the wed
ding of their charming kinswoman,
Miss Adah Delphine Howell, and
Charles Pierce Williams.
Mrs. Cons'tant Williams and Mrs.
Richard Croxtbn left on Monday for
Portland, going thence to Vancouver,
where General Williams in stationed.
Later Mrs. Croxton will return to
San Francisco, whence she will sail
for the Isle of Palms to Join Captain
Croxton, than whom there Is no more
popular chap in the service.
Redolent of the atmosphere of Paris
ateliers, the studios of old Munich
and the terraced palaces of the Moors
in sunny Spain. Dr. Arnold Genthe re
turns to San Francisco. To such as
he, treasures abound even in the com
monplace. Then much is expected
from .his wanderings among scenes
famous for inspiration.
Dr. Genthe exhibited some of his
work while in Europe and with great
success, his method of treatment win
ning, admiration from those whose
opinions are worth while.
Among the pleasant memories of
the traveler's wanderings are delight
ful visits with Mrs. Patrick Campbell,
who was at great pains to tell Dr.
Genthe how charmed she was with
America and Americans, which was
distinctly nice of Mrs. Pat, since
Americans were so charmed with her.
Mrs. J. B. Wallace entertained at
an informal "telephone" tea yesterday
afternoon.
Miss Etelka Wllliar of Sausallto Is
preparing for another Journey — this
time to foreign shores. In December
Miss Williar will sail for the Philip
pines, where she will be the guest of
Miss Carrlgan and her brother. Jack
Carrigan. Lucky Miss Wllliar!
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Melville Dollar have
returned from their wedding Journey
and are living In San Francisco. Mrs.
Dollar was Miss Bessie Hamilton of
Portland, Ore.
Miss Mabel Watkins of Sausallto
will be the guest of Captain and Mrs.
Baker In Manila this winter.
The wedding of Miss Alicia Dufflcy
and Dr. D. Friedlander of this city
will take place on November 16, at the
home of the bride's parents. Judge and
Mrs. M. C. Dufflcy. in San RafaeL
At all affairs given last winter by
the Duttons, charm and good fellow
ship prevailed and these are the at
tributes that make or mar a dinner
function. And there's nothing mer
rier than a merry dinner party.
To-morrow night the red room of
the Bohemian Club will be gay with
blossoms, for about the round tables
therein, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Foster
Dutton has bidden fifty good friends to
gather in honor of two bonny brides to
be. Miss Katherine Dillon and Miss
Gertrude Dutton.
Miss Crosby, daughter of Dr. Ar
thur Crosby, who has been visiting her
sister, Mrs. Sewall of New York, has
returned to her home In San Rafael.
The wedding of Miss Helen Petti
grew and William T. Lemman has been
set for November 9. It is to be a home
affair, the ceremony taking place at
the residence of Mrs. Charles Stanford
Pettlgrew, 2230 Pacific avenue. The
bride will have for her maid of honor
Miss Alice Sullivan, while Miss Armor
Deamer and Miss Ruth Mortoa will
serve as bridesmaids. Mr. Lemman
will be attended .by Percy La-rvton Prt
tlgrew as best man. with Robert Pud
ley White and Earl Cummlng aa ush
ers. Miss Pettigrew was a debutante*
of last winter and has been one of so
ciety's favorites. A pretty home ha*
been built by Mr. Lemman at Jackson
and Buchanan streets, where they •will
set up their household gods.
Grace Llewellyn Jones. Signer Ventu
ra, R. A. Luccheai, Nathan Lands
burger and many other interesting
BY SALLY SHARP.
THE SMART SET
BITS OF INFORMATION THAT
WILL BE FOUND INTERESTING
NEW FASHION SUGGESTIONS
OFFERED THE GENTLER SEX
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public. men. by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cal-
If ornla street. Telephone ilala 1042, *
LATER TOMMY GOT A LICKING.
; ;- Rev. 'Dr.' Thirdly (visiting);—Tom
my, Jlo J you ¦ know., what a* miracle! is ?
,;•;/ Tommy-^Yes;; pop said {it>would:be
A miracle ; if you'; dldn'tstay : toTdinrier.
A MONEY MAKER.
Ridder— -My : brother makes more
money^than he, can spend. I ¦ *
'¦•_¦ Katherine--7-Where*does* hie* work?.? .
Ridder— In the' mint.
This Japanese and' Russian
war is very infectious/,' ;
; Waggs— -Yes; -even 'the- babies -are
up'intafms.
1I1S IDEA.
The Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor of Georgia, who has returned
from a trip to the Pacific coast, says
there is no hope for Parker in I the
WesU and- adds:. that '.'Republicanism
izwist be a disease'.' out there. Yes, al-
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
On November 1. 1904. will be advanced
10c per lb. Holiday orders received v.p to
that date at present price. "
The Democratic 'managers are now
talking about organizing Parker and
Davis business men's clubs. But why
duplicate ? • Why riot ; get the • business
men to Join; the "great , chain"- of Par
ker, constitution clubs and , give those
frigid and '„ pallid /organizations J a \ lit
tle fluidity and vitality?— New '* York
Tribune. -^kHHBHSH9BHBBBBI
. $2 buys a card index drawer. 600 rec
ord cards and 24 guide cards/ Loose-leaf
ledgers, price books and good printing.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
Card Systems and ' Cabinets.
most as prevalent . and as virulent as
Democracy in Georgia.— Syracuse Her
ald.
Russia hates to talk of peace Just now,
although the chances are that It would
like to get out of its present dilemma if
it could find a way. And again the Bal
tic fleet is reported as prepared to sail
to destruction.— Wilmington News.
John Hay, Secretary of State; I*.
M. Shaw, Secretary of the Treasury;
W. H. Taft, Secretary of War; *Paul
Morton, Secretary of the Navy; E. A.
Hitchcock, Secretary of the Interior;
R. J. "Wynne. Postmaster General; TV.
H. Moody. Attorney General; James
Wilson, Secretary of the Agricultural
Department, and Victor H. Metcalf,
Secretary of the Department of Com
merce.
THE CABINET— M., Grass Valley.
Cal. The following named were the
members of President Roosevelt's Cab
inet October 12. 1904: -:
/^~> RIPPLE CREEK, a name which has recently grown to be one
1 j to conjure with both in the affairs of the State of Colorado
and in the broader money marts of the world, is made the
subject of a handsomely illustrated booklet, , which has been pro
duced by the Cripple Creek Times and distributed in the interests
of the world's greatest gold camp. In this comprehensive review of
the present condition of Colorado's great mining center its assets'in
wealth at hand and treasure yet uncovered, there is given likewise
a detailed account of the labor troubles that have been rife in the dis
trict until the recent restoration of order by the citizens them
selves. ' ;
Though this history of the strife between the Miners' Federation
and the mine-owners has a strong partisan flavor, the facts therein
set forth give an illuminating review of past and present conditions
in the labor situation. A short history of . the development of the
Cripple Creek mines, together with many clearly reproduced half
tone cuts of the properties in question, make the Times' booklet one
of considerable value.
CRIPPLE CREEK EXPLOITED.
» There, is :no comfort in a crown on
the. top. of the head > when there is a
frown on the front of the face.
FURNITURE— J. A. R., City. If a
party purchases an article of furniture
"with the understanding that It is to
be of a certain quality, receives It,
finds that it la not up to specifica
tion, accepts the same and pays a
stipulated amount In part payment,
the party would undoubtedly have no
recourse at law and would have to
pay the balance.
The .daintiest belts are those decorat
ed with handsome buckles of new de
sign. ' iw< ¦
'Calfskin collars and cuffs are worn on
velvet coats. i'/.-.Krii
French handmade garments . wrought
of fine handkerchief linen and orna
mented with' real lace and' fine hand
embroidery are the most desirable as
. There /was never such a beautiful
display- of Camber combs and hair or
naments ..as now, arid ¦ although the
blonde, is considered passe, it is for her
these are 'made. Many women" with
The . Berlin Overhead and Under
ground Klectric Railway is stated to
have been used this year, by 37,000,000
persons. By the end of the year it is
believed the figure of 40,000,000 will have
been reached.
Biff Transportation Job.
Bolero jackets must cling close to the
figure. .
„ The new chemises show a tendency
to much greater fullness in the middle
back, especially where they are Intend
ed to be worn as corset-cover and un
derskirt.. <,-¦}-;: /
A great many plum-colored tailored
suits are worn with violet and blue
hats.
The surplice evening waist is among
the most fashionable this season.
; Brambles^-Cook together for two or
three niinutes one cup of raisins, add
one cup of sugar, one beaten egg and
the, juice of one' lemon. Roll out some
good paste, ; cut in rounds, put a. tea
spoon of the mixture in one-half, moist
en ; the edges,-, fold over, press together
and'.bake.y '.
Cheese Salad— Mash the yolk of a
hard. boiled eg«, add a tablespoonful of
olive oil and rub smooth. Add a level
teaspoon of salt and a saltspoon of
white sauce and mix well. Grate a
quarter pound of good cheese, add a ta
blespoon of terragon vinegar and the
seasoned egg, and serve in paper cups
with lettuce sandwiches.
Grape Catsup — Cook five pounds of
ripe grapes with a little water until
soft and strain through a colander. Add
five cups of sugar, two cups of vinegar,
one level teaspoonful each of cinnamon,
cloves, allspice and black pepper and
salt. If this is not spiced enough to
suit the taste add a little more of all
kinds in the same proportion. Cook to
gether until thickened, then seal in bot
tles or Jars.
Chicken Fricasse — Have the chicken
disjointed and cook until nearly done;
ihen drain from the broth. Put one
half cup of butter in a frying pan and
fry the chicken until brown. Pour the
broth into the pan and thicken by al
lowing, one level' teaspoon of flour to
each cup of broth. Put the chicken Into
a deep dish and pour the gravy over.
Radish and Cucumber Salad— Arrange
on a bed of carefully, washed water
cress alternate thin slices of red
skinned radishes and cucumbers and
pour over a French dressing. The com
bination of scarlet, white _and two
shades of green Is attractive, while the
crispness arid blending of spiciness and
coolness please the palate. ,
SOME 'GOOD RECIPES.
OPINIONS — A. K.. Oakland, CaL
The purpose of the department of an
swers to the queries Is to furnish, facts
to correspondents, not to express
opinions on any subject. For that
reason the question as to whether
something that is good for Los An
geles would be good for San Francisco
is not answered. > .
Two or three kinds of lace are UBed
on the one gown. ¦'¦^•.-'t'i
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The latest headings for the rjbbons
of underwear display the -ribbons to
much greater advantage than those of
former vogue.
| Short' skirts for every-day wear are
pretty 'and ' well made. They offer
many new. ideas and suggestions which
are not old, and as they are obtainable
In' all colors and sizes one. should not
take the trouble to 'make one.
Silk batiste and mull in white or
pale, delicate colors are used to make
very dainty, filmy corset covers.
Some charming shades of red in the
mulberry hue are shown.
The full plaited skirt, stitched down
over the hips for about six or eight
Inches, is the approved model.
As stated by the manufacturers that
flannel would not be worn this winter,
if does not' seem as though they were
really, positive. . The most j beautiful
fabrics are made of flannel, and many
handsome waists are for sale.
It is predicted that large picture hats
and decollete gowns will be 'worn to
gether to the opera this winter.
Dainty little girdles are made of pom
padour silk shirred. back and front.
The new ribbons are things of great
beauty. They, are a foot in width, and
through their shining bands are
strolled all sorts of flowers in lifelike
beauty.
L-a.ce ruliies trim the top of the latest
Embroidery consisting of a mono-,
gram, initials or favorite flower enters
into the decorative scheme of the most
exclusive fashionable lingerie. •
Taffeta, mohair and sateen still con
tinue to reign supreme among dark un
derskirts.
The new shirtwaist sleeves are made
with a high cuff and a turnover is
worn. ' .
dark tresses are, at any rate, wearing
these little. dainty combs and the com
bination is most effective.
well as the most expensive undermus
11ns now la mode.'
Gilt threads are used with good effect
in embroidering white linen collar and
belt sets.
WE are surprised that some of the papers in Southern California
have developed opposition to the measure for completing the
seawall on the harbor front of San Francisco. One of these
papers, with much ill nature, declares that the wall is for the benefit
of San Francisco, therefore let San Francisco pay for it. This shows
a density of mind that is distressing. It is on a par with the opposi
tion to the new ferry building, because it would be used by the
Southern Pacific railroad. * Then we heard in various quarters hot
objection to taxing the people to build a depot for the Southern
Pacific, when in fact the proposition was to get authority to tax the
Southern Pacific and all other tenants of the new building higher
than they were taxed for the use of the old building. '
San Francisco has no more interest in the seawall than the
State has. The people are merely asked to vote authority for the
commerce of this city tt> build the seawall and pay for it. The wall
is needed to accommodate California's increasing sea trade. Its
construction will not cost the taxpayers a single dollar in taxes, for
the commerce that uses the new wall and docks will pay for their
construction. Already we have great P^fcific liners that can hardly
poke their noses into our existing docks.. They must have adequate
berths and are willing to pay for them when the new seawall per
mits their construction. So we may say broadly to objectors in
Southern California that- all San Francisco is asking is authority
from the voters to complete her seawall, enlarge her dock and wharf
room and pay for it herself out of her commerce. That is the fact
and we hope it will penetrate the density and darkness of some of
the Southern California newspapers.
VOTE FOR THE SEAWALL.
You've noticed, perhaps, how the poet
Refers to his love as a' "Bower,"" "'
Refers to her eyes as "the 'uncurtained
skies."
And her suburban flat as a "bower."
'Tls a figure of speech, says the poet.
Which goes by a road roundabout.
'Tls a phrase made by guess, with Intent
to express
A different meaning, no doubt.
You've noticed, perhaps, how the poster
Says "Musical Comedy Hit."
Though the music Is rare, and the hit
Isn't there.
And the comedy's glum as the pit.
*Tls a figure of speech, says the poet,
which all branches of Art may possess,
A riddle that's made for the use of th«
trade.
Though the answer's a hard one to
guess.
You've noticed, perhaps, how the heeler.
In raking for votes fore and aft.
Refers to "the laws." "the flag." and *th«
cause."
Though the gist of his meaning is
"graft." ¦
'Tls a figure of speech, says the poet.
From a handy political spout.
Which, if people would take at Its valua
would make
Another impression, no doubt.
You've noticed, perhaps, how the Bishop
Refers to a tavern immune.
"Where workmen may meet and be kept
off the street,"
"What he really means is "saloon."
'Tis a figure of speech, says the poet.
A Bishop's high hobbles to tag;
If we visit his "Joint" Just to argue th*
point.
W« will go home convinced — with a Jag,
— Wallace Irwln In New Tork Qlobe.
A FIGURE OF SPEECH.
If a girl wears less than a number
two shoe you are sure to find it out
within an hour after you have first
been introduced to her.
I know of no situation calling for
more real heroism than when a fel
low pulls the baby's "pacifier" out of
his pocket by mistake in a crowd.
A fellow may be said to be thor
oughly domesticated when he can al
low the baby to pull his hair at 4
o'clock in the morning without get
ting mad about it.
'A man doesn't realize his own unim
portance until he has attended a meet
ing where his wife "reads a paper,"
when he finds out that he is only "Mrs.
So-and-so's husband." — Woman's
Magazine.
There are lots of old bachelors who
would charge at the belching cannon's
mouth who will tremble at the ap
proach of a baby.
When a pretty girl is careful to pull
her skirts down so that her feet won't
show it is a sign that she has on an
old pair of shoes.
In lots of homes the family skeleton
sits at the foot of the table and does
the carving.
The difference between a skin and a
complexion is that you can get the
latter at a drug store.
Lots of women would like to be un
happily married so that they would be
like the heroine of one of those tear
ful novels.
It takes a woman to say "dear" in
a tone that makes It sound like a cusa
word.
A man and his • wife may be one,
but they- can't .wear the same pair of
trousers.
FEMININE PHILOSOPHY
Why should not the people of San Francisco follow these high
and excellent examples? Why should any man here vote for a ju
dicial candidate simply because he is on the party ticket, thereby
retiring from the bench an incumbent who has proved himself
worthy ? It is the ripe judgment of the best American thinkers that
the integrity of our government and the perpetuation of our insti
tutions depend upon our judiciary. This being so, why should our
choice of judges.be influenced by the passions of partisanship, or by
vicious appeals to the prejudices of any section of the community?
Fortunately the majority of the newspapers in San Francisco see
aiike in this grave matter, and it will not be their fault if the city
fail to improve the present opportunity to inaugurate a reform that
will purge the judiciary of all suspicion of holding other obligations
than to the law. The re-election of Judges Murasky, Seawell, Troutt
and Kerrigan will immeasurably elevate and dignify the bench, and
will be, an honor to the city and a guide to the State.
IT is not because judicial courage and virtue are rare on the bench
that the people, regardless of politics, demand the re-election of
Judges Murasky, Seawell, Troutt and Kerrigan. The reason is
that the people do not wish such qualities in the courts to become
rare and exceptional, and propose to prevent such a decline by rec
ognizing them when they have been tried, tested and approved. -
As the city grows larger and older, and its interests multiply and
their interdependence becomes more complex, the need of learned
and upright courts increases. Time was when the Alcalde* was suffi
cient for the judicial affairs of the primitive community, out of which
San Francisco has grown. But we could not now go back to the
court of the Alcalde. One by one our Superior Courts have in
creased to meet the necessities of the growing litigation which is a
feature of our development. The friction of interests increases, and
patient and learned judges are required to protect the rights of all.
A judge must have no strings on him. If a judicial candidate
go among the voters pleading that he has favored one class in a
subordinate position, or that he will do so in the place that he seeks,
lie may get votes, but he is unfit for the bench. He mounts it with
strings on him, and they are a vicious part of the judicial equipment.
Such a candidate is in effect' bribed in advance. He seeks votes by
improper promises, actual or implied, in order that he may grasp
the emoluments of the office. Then he pays back the bribe by misuse
of the judicial authority, in behalf of those who gave.it or of their
friends. In this way is established the practical sale of justice for
a price, a condition intolerable in any society.
The general non-partisan movement for Judges Murasky, Troutt,
Seawell and Kerrigan is not only of great present importance, but
it is the beginning of a system that is of greater future importance.
It means that hereafter there will be less or no partisanship in the
selection of judges. It means that one who seeks the judicial office
will learn to rely only upon his known good character, legal ability
and reputation for possessing the judicial mind, for success. It
means also that when he has reached the bench by the possession
of such qualities he may depend upon a fairly permanent judicial
career, than which there is none more noble nor more important un
der our system of government.
Therefore it will be seen that each right-minded citizen has
more at stake in the re-election of Judges Murasky, Troutt, Seawell
and Kerrigan than has either one of those gentlemen. To each cit
izen the right administration of justice is more important than the
opportunity to administer it is to the judge charged with that duty.
By inattention to these considerations, affecting an impartial
judiciary, California is far behind the older States. In New York
it is provided in the law that there can be an impartial judiciary,
free from the strings of partisanship, from the courts of first instance
to those of last resort. Right in the midst of the present campaign
the Republican Governor of that State has appointed an eminent
jurist and Democrat to the vacancy on the bench of the Court of
Appeals caused by the resignation of Judge Parker. Even in the
Xew England States, that have long been one-sided politically, Dem
ocrats are appointed to the bench. In the Federal courts the same
course is followed. President Harrison appointed Judge Jackson of
Tennessee, a Democrat, to a Federal district judgeship, and Presi
dent Roosevelt has done the same with Judge Jones of Alabama, a
Democrat.
ELECT THE PRESENT JUDGES.
THE SAN FRANGlSCOi CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26. 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN SlcXAUGHT Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. BAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY .' .OCTOBER 26, 1904
COPYRIGHT. l»04. BY SPECIAL. ARRANGEMENT OP THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.
8*-.' CREATES >j:INDEBTEr>NESa'-f The JiPolnt
Richmond | Canal j and I Land | Company, yesterday
filed a certificate ; of ¦ the .' creation \ of ! a" bonded
Indebtedness of % 400,000.- . : $WVMttSgB&Mm&
A letter : received in ; this city from
New York yesterday conveyed the
news of the marriage, there a iew-daya
ago of Mrs. Eppinger.'the former wife
of Peck Eppinger,of Uhis, city,, from
whom" she was ; divorced ' bT year ; ago.
Her latest ; husband ; is ; Hans i Klair, - a
.well ' known c turfman -/of vNew^Tork.'
Mrs. . Eppinger.i waited but \ a "j few { days
over, the time for,: her. decree of /divorce
to become N effective : before r she again
ventured ' IntoJ: matrimony/
Marries Again in ,Xew "ibrk.
! The United States . Civil Service
Commission V announces ; examination
on November 2 5 • at Sari ' Prahefeeb, 1 ' Los
•Angeles.rPresno,* Marysville "¦ and w Reno
for male - and female, teachers " in 5 the
Philippine' service.:; ? Salary ' > $900 V: to
$1200 per annum. Age; limits -20 to 40
years. The * commission * has ; experi-"
enced considerable -difficulty-;inisecur
ing, ellgibles ; for, this ; position • and all
personswho are qualified are; urged* to
apply . for * and take this I examination^
Apply to .the United .States ¦ Civil Ser
vice Commission - or to\ the »•; secretary,
of. the; Board of Civil ServiceVExam
iners,: postofSce,' . , San*^ Frahdscof j *.' for,
application forms^2 , and';375;s.which
should -.be : filed n with -the \ commission
at Washington', f , . _ > : . ¦
Wont Teachers \ for Filipinos.
A letter which indicated a case of
suicide in the bay was found on the
deck behind the ferry* postoffice yes
terday morning. Attached to the let
-tei were two buttons with the photo
graph, of a boy. on each. A pair, of
women's shoes was beside . the letter.
The letter was signed •*MaggieTierney".
and spoke of her sister-in-law, Julia
Tierney, having attempted to commit
suicide by gas at 526 Pacific street.
Detectives Conlon • and McGowan
were detailed on the case ¦ by Captain
Burnett and they.; soon located ;¦ the
writer of the letter at 17.Rausch street,
where she lives, with her .husband,
John Tierney, and her two "sons. ' She
said she had quarreled 1 , with her hus
band and had intended 1 to Jump into
the bay, but found that the water was
too cold. ¦KQBBSBBbsuKMBH
Loaves Letter That She Intended
Drowning Herself, but She Found
the Water Was Too Cold.
WOMAX SEXDS POLICE
OX USELESS SEARCH
¦ .TEACHER NEEDS CARE.— J. M. Newman,
father of Caroline . Newman, yesterday peti
tioned . the Superior Court to appoint him guar
dian of - her person and estate. She has been
a school teacher and is 27 years old. - It Is al
leged that she is incompetent. Her estate con
sists of salary due her.
NATIVE SONS'" ENTERTAINMENT.— The
Native Sons' Joint Literary and 'Social Com
mittee will- five v an entertainment and dance
in the Native Sons' Hall this evening under
the auspices of Mission Parlor. : U. E. Krenz
will be • the chairman of' the evening and he
will be assisted by W. N. Fairchlld. The pro
gramme will * consist of ', five vaudeville num
bers and a farce In one act entitled "Cupid in
Shirt : Sleeves." . ,'
POSTERS and BANNERS.— Gabriel Printing
Co. print anything. 410 Sacramento It. *
, November Sunset Magazine' now on the
news stands. Read Hopper's football story and
the other attractive storlesr and articles The
Thanksgiving number, richly illustrated •
The smell of the escaping vapor
was noticed, and the.roomer ,was
found unconscious."..^ He was removed
to'the Emergency, Hospital, where :he
received" treatment' from Dr. Hejzog.
His condition is precarious. ~
John Helben, who had moved away
from a rooming house on Fourth'
street because of too much noise on
that thoroughfare, hired a room oa
Monday at 718 Valencia street, where
he unfortunately left -the gas jet open
on retiring.- \
I^eft the Gas Jet Open.
H. W. Hutton, "special chief of po
lice for. 1129 Dupont street,"
ed the Supreme , Court yesterday for a
writ of : certiorari to restrain i Judge
Cook from taking any further action
in the contempt proceedings Instituted
against the petitioner. Chief Justice
Beatty granted an alternative writ re
turnable November " 14. . Hutton waa
fined I $ 1 00 for disobeying an Injunc
tion and he does not want to settle.
Would Restrain -Judge Cook.
Send It Back at Once
If grdcer sells you Leslie Sterilized Salt and it
is not satisfactory. Money back. A refined
table salt. : • •
$2 Round Trip, Sunday, October SO.
Another^ of the Southern Pacific's 9 popular
excursions to Santa Cruz will be run Sunday.
October 30, for a round trip rate of $2. Special
train wlir leave : Third .'and Towneend streets
depot at 7:30 a.' m.; returning leave Santa
Cruz 4:10 p. m. A fine trip through .. the
Santa Claia Valley/Santa Cruz Mountains,
Big Trees, and a splendid time at the beach,
boating, fishing, bathing: or listening to band
concerts. Excursion tickets' at Third and
Townsend depot or city , office, 613 Market
street. \* ¦¦ -• .:¦.¦."• t ¦¦ "¦;.'¦- .. •
EXCURSION TO SANTA CRUZ.
It may be a difficult thing to prove a
Chinese marriage to the satisfaction of
an American court, but an attempt in
that direction lent spice to the pro
ceedings in Judge Coffey's department
yesterday.
The hearing was upon the petition of
the widow and relatives of Chew Bing
Quoia for the removal of J. J. Cunning
ham as administrator of the dead Chi
naman's estate, and- in his opening
statement Judge Dibble of counsel for
the petitioners stated plainly that Cun
ningham's appoiStment was the result
of fraud practiced upon the widow and
the court, and, furthermore,, that Cun
ningham had not made a full account-
Ing of his trust. E^ J. 'Hill represented
the administrator and Vogelsang &
Brown ' and Judge 'Dibble looked after
the family's side of the case.- The rela
tives want Chew Quon appointed ad
ministrator.
Chew Bing Quoia died in June, 1903,
and as no inventory of his estate had
been. fjled there Is no knowing what it
is worth, but the attorneys say it may
run anywhere from $18,000 to $50,000.
The deceased -was a contractor who
supplied laborers for the Alaska pack
ers, and had several contracts at the
time of his death. These, it is said,
were adjusted* by the administrator,
and an accounting of them is wanted. "
After the contractor's death, accord
ing to the petitioners, a Chinese servant
calling herself f Lum Quoia claimed to be
his widow an.'d had Cunningham ap
pointed administrator. When the news
reached China the real widow was an
gry, and with the help, of her children
and faephews here the fight for the es
tate was begun. •
Two Chinese witnesses were examined
yesterday to prove the marriage of Low
Shee and Quoia. Chew Cum Fong, who
said he was present at the ceremony;
described what" he : saw through an ' in
terpreter. - So did Chew See Mow, and
between them they gave a : picturesque
story. Low Shee was carried from the
house of her father to that of her pros
pective husband in a sedan chair,, and
the witnesses did not , see her taken
away. Cakes for the ¦ bride , were pro
duced and partaken of by the guests,'
and a cup of wine ; was: poured which
Low Shee handed to her liege lord/and
that constituted the marriage. : ./That
Low . Shee was , not a " slave ; was evi
denced by the transfer of a muchly^ be
written red, document; by her father to
the groom. : It ; was ; . the > paper of "three
generations," * corresponding to a veri
fied pedigree. This document was pro
duced In court, and Cum ,Fong, read ' it
to the - satisfaction ; of the \ interpreter.'
The lastiline of the ..writing jwas; .."May
your, happiness long continue." ¦».¦,
The hearing will be resumed this aft
ernoon/" ' '¦ ;\" /".. j ' •
- B. A. Cross, a salesman, was ar
rested on Market street yesterday aft
ernoon by -Detectives Dinan and Wren
and locked up in the City Prison. The
arrest was made, on a dispatch from
Sheriff Dunlap of Napa that Cross was
wanted there on a charge of embezzle
ment. . : ' - ¦ ., -'I?:- S
Wanted by Xapa's Sheriff.
Asiatic Witnesses GiVe^Evi
dence Kegarding^WeMirig
Ceremony in the' Orient
And all that is exclusive and best in so
cial engraving at Sanborn & Vall's./ So
cial correspondence papers in exclusive
brands. . Fashion's latest approved styles
In calling cards. -741 Market street. •
Wedding Invitations
"TlThree more of thej'gang known' as
"bicycle swiDers" were arrested yes
terday by Policemen Cpttle and Flynn
on Folsom street, i" They are Bernard
Jacobson, aged 14 years; David Met
telman, 15, and Morris Strong, 15.
The three "swipers" were locked up.
in the City Hall station on- charges of
g[rand larceny. , .
More Bicycle Thieves Arrested.
CHINESE WIDOW
CUIMS ESTATE
,M. WeintrQ.ub,' wine merchant, 1229
Page street, . secured a warrant from
Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday for
the arrest qf Alice Turner on a charge
of petty larceny. Alice had been em
ployed for about eight days to do
housework. Last Saturday night
Welntraub -and his wife went down
town leaving Weintraub's brother in
charge of the house. Alice was seen
to receive a young man and shortly
afterward they took their departure
together. , When Weintraub and his
wife j-eturned they discovered that a
wajlet containing. $35 and several silk
handkerchiefs were missing.
Accuses. Servant of Theft. *
is a large number of "medical" prep
arations that the newspapers of the country
havo proven, by analysis and test, to be
either valueless or else Injurious. There are
some exceptions; some of such pronounced
merit ¦; that physicians indorse them, In spite
of^the average physlclan"s aversion to Indors
ing, an advertised remedy.
In this class may be placed Hydrozone and
Glycozone. Although I th«se preparations have
been 'widely advertised, leading physicians con
cede . their wonderful curative properties by
prescribing them right along, with the most
gratifying results. In the treatment of diseases
caused by germs, such as sore throat, skin
diseases, stomach diseases, etc, etc.
Approved Remedies.
John C- Fisher, . the well-known
theatrical manager, arrived, from New
York last nightand'-is at the St.;Fran
cis.y. He is the owner and manager of
"San Toy,"' now, playing at the Columi
bia Theater, and also the proprietor of
the "Silver Slipper," : - a magnificent
spectacle & that is to be {seen at the
Grai\d Opera-house f,or two weeks, be
ginning 'January 15/ :Mr. .Fisher also
owns a half ' interest. Iri the ,new com
edy, "Glittering Gloria, 'JLwhiqhis to be
produced at the Columbia Theater Oc
tober 311 ¦ . • " ' ; • ¦ ¦;.'
Mr. Fisher is practically' a Califor
nian. He came to San; Diego in 1885
and in" 1S90 he built' Fisher's Theater
in that city. This was -the beginning
of his. career as a theatrical manager;
He has since made rapid strides in;the
profession. His first great venture, was
"Florodora," which \ scored one of --the
most' noteworthy- successes known ; in
the theatrical .world.' The receipts for
this ¦ production ' for th'e j v twenty
weeks in New York were nearly $300,
000. It is : five years since Mr. ".Fisher
was. here, and .at /that time, he was
manager of Madame Modjeska. He will
leave .for: Southern .^California next
Wednesday j and then return East via
New "Orleans,"; where he expects to meet
his»''Silver.'Sjipper" company. • , ;
After a visit of inspection School
Director Boyle yesterday recommend
ed to the Board of Education that one
portable schoolhouse be established
iri connection with the Garfleld School
and two at the South End School.
Boyle's recommendation will be for
mally ; ratified at to-morrow's board
meeting.
..-Boyle found the attendance much
congested in both schools. In the
Garfleld each class has from 65 to 65
pupils 'and r In the South End School
many applicants for admission are on
the waiting list
Orders Portable Schoolhouses.
A" Coroner's jury rreturned jl. verdict
yesterday that Miss Fannie L«nt com
mitted suicide at 699 Polk, street Von
October 20 while* temporarily de
ranged. •;••¦• • j.
Special Policeman Berg, who , had
found the woman' with her right hand
on the rifle, testified that she told him
then that sha asked the Japanese jok
ingly: "Shall I shoot, yo« or not?"
and then the gun was discharged. She
had made several different and con
tradictory statements afterward.
The jury returned a verdict that No
da came to his, death by a rifle shot
"accidentally fired by Mrs. Forsythe
while under the influence of liquor."
' The jury in the case ' of ex-Rev.
Charles J. Adams, who killed himself
because of love for Maud Ellson, a
young woman with whom he had as
sociated, returned a verdict yesterday
that death resulted from poison taken
with suicidal intent. ;
She remembered tucking the butt of
the rifle under her left' arm and then
seeing the luckless Japanese sink to
the floor. The. trigger,- might-have
caught in her shawl, which was,fast
ened across her breast. ¦ r ,^ , •¦
"If I fired the shot, It was an' acci
dent," she said.
"My husband's name was Edward,"
responded the witness with freezing
dignity. Then she satd that on Mon
day, October 18, she came downtown
to pay a grocer's bill. By the time
she got to the shooting gallery she was
so drunk, she said with refreshing can
dor, that she had -no recollection of
firing the shot.
"I used to shoot a bow and arrow
when I was a little girl," she con
tinued, "and I thought I'd, like to
shoot a rifle." "V; . v>;>^ : j
A plump faced, dumpy little woman
shabbily dressed in black' and topped
with a. black sailor hat, ..the brim of
which had been lessened by the re
lentless tooth of time, sat in the wit
ness chair yesterday in the inquest
room of Coroner Leland and told the
Jury how she happened to kill W. No
da, the Japanese proprietor of a
shooting gallery at 815 Kearny street.
"My name is Mrs. Frances, Forsythe
or Edward Forsythe," she began.
"Well, which of these names do you
go by?" asked the Coroner, with the
air of a physician diagnosing a fever.
Jury Find That There Was
No Criminal Intent on
the Part of the Woman
ME3I0EY IS DEFECTIVE
By yielding to the dictates of an in
herent . spirit of chivalry Samuel Uren
disturbed the peace and committed bat
tery. When he saw John Darts, , able
peaman, detaining the fair hand of the
Lady of the Cigar Store at Fourth and
Folsom streets and the Lady struggling
with evident sincerity to release her
imprisoned digits, he sprang to the res
cue and delivered a right punch with
Manuel Romerez smote the head, of
Pedro Gonzales with a china teapot
while the twain were dining and dis
puting in a Chinese restaurant on
Bartlett alley and so promptly and
cheerfully did he plead guilty of bat
tery that Judge Cabaniss gave him
only thirty days.
Mrs. Mary McElroy of 279 Btevenson
ctreet enjoys the distinction, rare to her
eex, of having captured by force of
arms and turned Into police custody a
male burglar of no mean physical
prowess. Having missed portable
property from her domicile at different
times Mrs. McElroy, after Investigation
and logical deduction, concealed her
eelf in a room occupied by John Perry.
one of her boarders, and there patiently
lay in wait until William" Blum, a
young man of sturdy physique, entered
through the window and began seeking
something worth stealing. Then/ehe
suddenly pounced upon him. pinned his
arms to his sides and lustily yelled for
help. John" Perry responded, but his
aid was hardly needed, for Mrs. McEl-.
roy.had her prisoner bo securely in her
power that he was helpless until Pa
trolman W. G. Doran arrived and re
lieved her of his custody.
When the defendant was arraigned
before Judge Mogan he said he had
never been arrested before, but Officer
Doran submitted excerpts from the
police records which showed that he
had been convicted of burglary and al
lowed to go on his awn recognizance
because of his .youth and apparent de
termination to reform. Then his case
was set for hearing next Saturday.
Dr. A. W. Morton of 775 Cole street,
)>y whom ibe dtft-ndant had been em
ployed as a servant, suggested that his
mentality T>e subjected tp examina
tion, as it seemed to be deranged. So
ordered.
Judge Mogan also provided a case
for the Lunacy Commission by re
manding T. G. Pilklngton, the haughti
ly obdurate British subject who ex
pressed contempt for American insti
tutions in general and the Magistrate
of Police Department No. 1 in partic
ular. When called for sentence yes
terday Mr. Pilkington wagged an ln
timidatory forefinger at the bench and
exclaimed:
"If you . send me to prison you'll
certainly hear of it again."
"What do you mean?" asked the
Judge.
".Never mind, sir, never mind," was
the severe rejoinder.
Dr. de Vecchl told Judge Cabaniss
that he had investigated the mental
condition of A. B. Bagley, charged
with having passed a forged check on
an opticlcn. and was convinced that
man was irresponsible. If the Lunacy
Commission report a similar finding
Mr. Bagiey will be committed to an
eFjium for the Insane.
Mrs. Connolly claims to have a hus
band somewhere and says she has
vorked for a livelihood. Her neigh
bors, however, aver that if she did toil
the rewards of her labor were mostly
spent for Intoxicating liquor, as she
was drunk almost daily.
Householders residing on the first
block of Page street are interchanging
congratulations on the removal from
their midst of Mrs. Mary Connolly,
who will b« sentenced to-day by Po
lice Judffe Mogan for having cruelly
neglected her 2-year-old babe. ' The
¦woman's unpopularity in the neigh
borhood may be estimated from a per
usal of this petition, presented to the
owner of the cellar which she occu
pied:
"5Ve, the undersigned, hereby ask
you to start proceedings to eject the
tenant in the basement of 30 Page
etreet. es she is a habitual drunkard
and a menace to the safety of our
¦wives and children. We earnestly
hope that you will attend to this at
once, else we will all be obliged to
vacate. She 4s dangerous to the neigh
borhood." (Signed by Peter F. Roth,
E. FredlnJ. Carroll. M. M. Selvey, W.
Geim&n, H. Lendergren and others.)
But the removal of Mrs. Connolly
¦was easier of suggestion than accom
plishment She defied the landlord
end continued to harass her neighbors
until the latter bethought themselves
of enlisting the aid of the California
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children. The secretary of that or
ganization, Mr. White, promptly re
sponded to the appeal. Finding the
Connolly infant in a filthy and seml-
Ftaxved condition, he haled the mother
Into court, where the neighbors testi
fied that the little one had been most
shamefully neglected by its drunken
guardian. So the babe was turned
over to the care of the Associated
Charities and the mother remanded
for sentence.
. Mr. West was climbing over the tran
som of a Third-street saloon when Pa
trolman Tillman perceived him and
suggested that he descend. When the
hint was compiled with the prisoner
admitted that he had been committing
burglary and delivered to his' custo
dian $20 65 which he had taken from
the saloon till. In court he pleaded
guilty and said that destitution drove
him to crime. % .
Judge Fritz claims a record for dis
patch in passing an accused felon
through the preliminary. stage of trial.
Allen West was arrestea at, 4:30
o'clock yesterday morning for' burg
lary, and at 11 o'clock a. m. he had
been arraigned and remanded for trial
in the Superior Court, -with bail fixed
at $2000.
Abraham Raymond, a native . of
Bombay, was arrested while drunk
and incapable at 5:30 o'clock a. m.
yesterday on Dupont street. He de
nied the charge and stated that he
Vas in a prostrate position and per
forming his devotions as a sun wor
shiper when the policeman abruptly
Jerked him to a perpendicular attitude
and then yanked him to prison. Sen
tence to-day.
John Clark, who was so difficult to
awaken that the vigilant Maloney
searched for a hidden knife or bullet
wound, could not remember just what
impelled him to woo the drowsy god*
upon the sward of Union square.
Eighteen years ago he had an epi
leptic fit and maybe that had some
thing ' to do with it. Plea ridiculed
and twenty-four hours prescribed.
"And then you awoke to find your
seluf In the arma of Maloney," pleas
antly remarked his Honor. "Go
home." . ;»:,,
"I Just sat down to rest," Mr. Smith
informed Judge Mogan, "'and uncon
sciously dropped into trie arms of
Morpheus."
Henry C. ,Offney, who was found
fast asleep at midday in Union square,
said that he had started out tq. escort
his wife on a shopping tour arid
walked until -he-was very'tired, while
she displayed not the%llghtest symp
tom of fatigue. .So he decided to rest
upon one of the benches beneath the
shadow of the St Francis until she
completed her purchases, and while
seated there he dropped into slumber.
Story doubted, but case • dismissed.
Harry Smith, elegantly appareled
and carrying a silk hat, was similarly
charged by Patrolman Maloney, who
testified that the defendant's snores
made the square vocal.
Patrolman Collins had a small,
neatly folded package in his hand as
he Informed Judge Cabaniss that A.
Paladin! was arrested for attempting
to sell one silver bass whose avoirdu
pois was below the legal minimum of
three pounds. To clinch his charge^
he added, he had seized the fish and
would take pleasure in exhibiting its
diminutive proportions to the- court:
Then he started to unroll the package,
but ere he had removed the inner fold
the court, with nose tightly clamped
between finger and thumb, was assur
ing him that the production of mate
rial evidence was not necessary. So
the case was closed, the defendant
pronounced guilty and a $50 fine im
posed.
• • •
Joseph Declune, accused of stealing
a, broiled chicken and a r611 of butter
from the Eddy-street' restaurant in
which he was employed as a dish
washer, displayed an emotionalism as
he stood before Judge Fritz that
would lead to fame and fortune for
the histrionic artist who could simu
late it at will. He wept so copiously
that his ragged beard was dripping,
while -.his chest and shoulders heaved
convulsively. It was for v his fiancee,
he eobbingly explained, that he pur
loined the dainties. She Is passionate
ly fond of "pullet on the iron" lavishly
basted with odorless butter, and his
plunder was Intended as a love offer-
Ing. He almost shrieked his despair
when the court ominously hinted that
conviction would probably be followed
by sentence to penal servitude, and he
almost swooned with excess of joy
when Clerk Duffy reported that the
prosecuting witness had neglected the
formality of filing a complaint. And
his dismissal was received with a hys
teria of mingled chuckles and sobs
that faded away in the corridor.
J. Tomoka, the good little Japanese
boy, was pronounced not guilty of
fighting with K. Kabaha, the bad little
Japanese boy, and then K. Kabaha
was fined $5 -for fighting with J. To^
moka. Kabaha never advertised him
self as "a good Japanese boy in Eearch
of employment," <vhile Tomoka dis
played a newspaper containing an ad
vertisement thus vouching for his
goodness. ...
«? • • -.
such force and precision to the point of
the ungallant mariner's left Jaw. as to
score a knockout The Lady was fairly
deluging her champion with expressions
of gratitude and he was solicitously In
quiring if her fingers were dislocated,
when Mr. Davis returned from dream
land and gave him Into the custody of
a convenient policeman. But when the
case was called before. Judge Mogan
there was no appearance of John Davis
and In dismissing the case the court
commended rather than reproved Mr.
Uren's impulsive relief of beauty in
distress. "* .
Mrs. Mary Connolly's Annoyance of Residents
of Page Street Is Checked by Court.
Mrs. N Forsythe . TeUs the
Coroner She Was Drunk
¦When- Eifle Was Fired
The members gathered in the green
room, where Maynard Dixon's picture*
are~on exhibition,' and there they chat
ted— aye; j and listened— to a mighty In
teresting talk by Edwin' dough on the
Orient,; to be sure! What else, pray,
in such.hands? With the glamor of an
artist, the • Journalist gave a fifteen
minute ; talk on the j cities of commerce
on .the crimson .edge ¦ 6f the ocean —
Hongkong.. Shanghai and Nagasaki,
and; in- his own. fetching fashiqn inter
wove it' with a warp of fine romance.
"; He was followed by Miss Agnes Mur
phy, the clever Irish maid from Aus
tralia, who gave a short descriptive
talk upon 'the interesting features of
Shakespeare's home.
A potpourri - of- clever chat, picture,
comment \ arid rare ; good fellowship
marked an"; interesting evening.
•On Friday night the club will enter
tain Mrs. Gertrude 'Atherton at dinner
and at a reception later.
The Sequoia Club was "at home" to
itself last night at its clubrooms , in the
StJ " Francis" and to : : ; a few privileged
guests.; and -it's truly wonderful how
the" Sequoians enjoy each other. But
to be sure, ;the club ; is young, and the
friendships ; beautiful;; But 'tis ever
thus where ; mind holds sway, and the
Sequoia* Is largely made up of mind
mind "well ' paprikaed with fun, and
there's an;; ideal condition, 'it's real
fun, and therefore the club Is destined
to live. * ? ;'- :: ,..¦¦-¦ -..-
WOMAN'S NEIGHBORS WIN
REMOVES A MENACE
NODA'S DEATH
AN ACCIDENT
SEQUOIA CLUB
IS"AT HOME"
INFORMALLY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;" WEDNESDAY; OCTOBER 26, 1904.
Owner of San Toy
Arrive s From East
POPULAR MANAGER OP THE "SAN
TOY" COMPANY. NOW PLAYING
AT THE COLUMBIA. •
9
The New Book /
ox Irijb AU 1 nUK VJ r
"IN THE BISHOP'S CARRIAGE"
tSe MAD I G AN S
¦'. ¦ -' - ." ' \ '
V •: ,. "By Miriam Midielsoii :
<¦•¦*¦ are eight of the" -Madigans : . a father*" irate .because
u, v/alKbf ¦ his < children 'are^'daughters,': a placid;, helpless'maid— ' '
_: - j ' ¦ en^ aunt;' and I six of ithe ; - most ". active/' daring,^ o'riprinal, "and r *
". -\ jcl«ye^r-]younKstersy.thatrever^stirred;up!a:hbu
story^isi the; record*. of thc';manifold^adveritures>6f*these . '
* '[ 'interestms::. children, told-' with , alls^^the- sparkle- arid wit - "
A •which^niade "In the 'Bishop's jJ Carriage" so popular a
"¦'!; • •* success.. ..' - ' ¦'¦"'..' / *_:
Wow ready In book form , , I 12mo. 300 pajres. $1.50
-;, ,-. Illustrated r by Orson Lowell ['¦¦
THE JCENT.UR.Y CO. : : : N E W Y 6 R K
POSTU3I CEREAJL.
COFFEE WAS IT.
People Slowly Li-iini Uie Facts.
"All my life I have been such a slave
to coffee that the very aroma of It was
enough to set my nerves quivering. I
kept gradually losing my health, but I
used to say, 'Nonsense, It don't hurt me.'
Slowly I was forced to admit the truth
and the final result was that my whole
nervous force vj&8 shattered.
"My heart became .weak and un-
certain in its action/and that frightened
me. Finally my physician told me,
about a year ago, that I must stop
drinking coffee or I could never expect
to be well again.
"I was in despair, for th'e very thought
of the medicines I had tried so many
times nauseated me. Of course I
thought of Postum, but could hardly
>ring myself to give up the coffee.
Finally I concluded that I owed it: to
myself to "give Postum a trial. So I
#ot a package and carefully followed
the directions; and what a delicious,
nourishing, rich drink it was! Do you
know I found it very easy to shift
from the toffee to Postum and not mind
the change at all. Almost immediately
after I made the change I : found my-
self better! and as the days.went^by I
kept, on Improving. My nerves grew'
pound and steady, I slept well and felt
strong and well balanced all the time.
Now I am -^completely cured, with the
old nervousness and sickness. all' gone.
In every way I am well once more."
Name given by Postum Co., Battle
Creek, Mich.
It pays to give up the drink that acts
on some like a poison, for health Is "the
greatest fortune one can - have/
"There's a reason." ,
Get the" famous, little Jjook, f< *Thfj
Road to Wellville," in each package.
• AMUSEMENTS.
f^ftl IIMDI A m FHASQ3CQ-3
vULiUinjQIAlEACM3 1HIA.2E
LAST 5 NIGHTS— Mat Sat.
John C. Fisher Presents, by
Arrangement with the Augustin Daly Estate,'
The Brilliant • Musical Comedy Sues***,
SAN TOY
With JAMES T. POWZSS.'
BEGINNING NEXT M0NDA.T.
ISADORE RUSH
In the Farcical Comedy Success.
GLITTERING GLORIA
Seat Sale Begin* Thursday.
GRAN_DSSS§g
MATINEE SATURDAY
LAST WEEK
ARIZONA
Splendid Cast — Detachment of Cavalry •
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
JANE CORCORAN
Supported fay ANDREW. ROBSON
in PRETTY PEGGY
POPULAR PRICES.
The Blograpli, Showing "Personal,"
And » Splendid Show Srcxy Afternoon
and Eventosr in the Theater. •
TAKE A RIDE ON THB . .
M12STIATTXBE ELECTTBiC 2JLELBOAD.
SEVEN BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO. ,
.INSPECT dABARET DB LA MORT.
Bear the Pneumatlo Symphony Orchestrion.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY. • ."
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN 5o
When Phoning Ask for "Tha Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS ASIUSEMENTS.
Sffig™ "MACBETH"
LYRIC HALL. 119 Eddy street,
. NEXT SATURDAY MATINEE,
RESERVED SEATS — ONE DOLLAR, at
• Sherman. Clay A Co.'a. . - •*?•
BASEBALL.
OAKLAND VS. TACOMA.
AUOTHEB OBEAT 8XBXE& . .
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets. ... — .
TO-DAY and all WEEK DAYS...... 3 p m.
SUNDAY 2:30 p.m.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale of Seats at 5 Stockton Street. '
""^^^^'^^^^**'"'"*"*'*"^"' 1M ' 1 *"*"'**"T'** 1 * M '**"'^!5
raiace M
¦ j COURT Lounfing
ii H fl ™ om * the EM PIRE
UUU Parlor, --&•
ill~~A PALM ROOM, th*
lira no louis xv par.
H^i,, DIES' WRITING
Hotels room-
|ASTHMANOLA| H
Is tha only our* for Werrons and .
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Your Druggist or at 398 HAIGHT ST..
San ¦ FrancUcowCaL
• -
- JLA/« T. . H ESS,
'- Votary . Fnbllo and Attomer^t-I*w.
Testb, Floor. Room 1015. Claus 8preokato Utfs. ; .
Telephone Main usa. - ,t
: Residence. M02 McAllister st. /
' Residence TeUahone Fags 6641.
DIRECTORY
OF- RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
tbish ato bait usats.
•11C : RAVP? * Til '8tolPP«»« Butchers, 109
JAN DUILj & WV. gay. ¦ TeL Main 7lS»Z
LZAXT BOOTS AVS SXTZJOSTS.
Alt kinds repaired. Globa Sheet Metal -Works,
1176-1178 Mission st. Phone Main HfL ¦
OILS.
LUBRTCATTXO OILS: ' LEONARD * * ietj.t«
; .418 Front sC. 8. T.r Phona Main Iff. , "
".¦•'-¦ •¦%<.. -.' ntzsTxvck*"->
E. C. HflUGES, ¦';&w2£E£^
AMUSEMENTS*
r-CALIFORNIAr-N
' TO-NIGHT— The funniest of them all.
Mason and Mason
¦ As the Burglar and the Detective.
In Mark E. Swan's Latest Musical Com-
edy Success, .
Fritz and Snitz .
NEXT SUNDAT— MATINEE— HAVER-
LT'S MINSTRELS, with Billy Van. "the
Assassin of Sorrow." and a host of other
big features. Positively the greatest mln-
slrel organization in existence.
European andjmerican Stars !
The Three Stunonli; SnllWan and Pai-
queleaa; Harvey . Comedy Company;
- Owley and ' BanOaUj Techow'i Oats;
Lewis McCord * and Company; Sinon
and Paris: Josephine Be Witt and Or-
Dhenm Motion Pictures. Snowlnsr "Th*
Moohshtners."
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, . Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c. 23c
and 60c. ' .
H. ' W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager!
ATmJ, THIS W2ZX.
Oliver Morosco offers that charming play by
H. V. Esmond.
WHEN WE WERE
TWENTY-ONE
Presented by such stars as Howard Gould.
Amelia Gardner. Elsie Esmond. Frank Mac-
Vicars, George Woodward. Harry Mestayer.
Joseph Callahan, Harry Stockbrldge and the
others.
25c— THURSDAY BARGAIN MATINEB— 23o.
MOITDAT— HAMX.ST. -
O?Ei?A||f|[liiO!JSt
Enormous Success of the First Production
In English of the Famous Comic Opera.
Her EastelMnte
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEXT MON- The London and New York
DAY NIGHT Musical Comedy Triumph.
THE MESSENGER BOY
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES 25c. 60c, 78c
- General Manager. :
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY . AND SUNDAY.
H. V. Esmond' s • Delightful Coonedy,
> THE -
WILDERNESS
PICTURESQUE SCENERY 1
V SPARKLING WIT!-. >
ELEGANT COSTUMES!
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION!
Evgs. 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. and Sun., 25c to 60o
.October 31— "DRUSA WAYNE."
CENTRAL^
Market St., near Eighth. Phone South 533. ¦
'. -. . ¦ . ¦ - t ' - .
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Most' Gorgeous Production of Steele Mackaye's
; thrillins drama of :the "Reign of • Terror."
PAUL KAUVM
With the popular ' favorite, Herschel MayaU.
In 'the title role.- ,
1 Marvelous mechanical - effects.
The guillotine and the headsman. -.
; Explosion and burning of city. .-
Next Week— "THE WORST WOMAN "IN
LONDON.'-'
PDTICIII?C TOR - BARBERS. BA-
XjilUOniLO ke ">. bootblacks, bath-
j-««m^'>.> ¦ ¦¦ 'ii mb*. houses, billiard tables.
. brewers,- bookbinders. : candy . makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries laundries, paper-'
hangers. - printers, painters,' shoe ¦ f actortes,
•tablemen. • tsr-roof ers. f, tanners, tailors, etc >
BtTOKsWAar BXOS,
Brnsa Mannf actnrers. 609 Sacramento St.
li >PATENTSl 1)
>5tS^330 MARKET ST.SF.^SS
* ' __ ' PRAGER3 ' ¦____. \^
Remember This Is the
Last Wednesday of the Month,
/ # C^ X^ * W. * %% A.
¦¦¦ OT m\ 11^ Et m ¦ s^\^ 1% sOr SSm
J ALWAYS RELIABLE
1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^UTHE I SAN ;' FRANCISCO CALX- WEDNESDAY, : OCTOBER -26, v, 1 904.
10
THBjjyCALL
JOHN P. SPRECKELS... .Proprietor
Address ConunuEications to
JOHN McXAUGHT Manager
>V. J. 31ARTIX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You \% lsa.
Publication Office.... Merket and Third. S. F.
"Editorial Rcoms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
"delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts.Per Week. T3
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage <Cash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL <lnc"ud. Sunday). .1 year. . .$8.00
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). « mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month.. «;»
EU.VDAT CALL. 1 Tear 2 -»X
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Tear -}- 00
„„_.... 1 Dally... $3.80 Per Year Extra
£n£Ff£? 1-Suad.y. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. J -weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Ban-pie Copie* will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Jiall subscribers in ordering change of ad-
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct ccrs-pllance with their re-
cuest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
JC18 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
1148 Center Etreet" Telephone North TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CA4TUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Aetoria Hotel: A. Brentaao, 81
Pnlon Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eberman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hctel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hctel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette BulldlsC-
<Long Distance Telephone. •'Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATTVEt
CTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT.
C C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; cpen until
12 o'clock every r.Ight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOOS Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
t27 Montgomery etreet, corner Clay; open until
8:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. in.
CG9 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mieeion etreet; open until 10 p. m.
306 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
1200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. nu
SinETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Ccmmandery No. 1. K. .^JSL-a
T. — Members are notified to assemble jrir
in the asylum to attend the funeral of III]
our deceased frater. Sir JOHN "^
BAYLE THIS DAY (Wednesday) at I:o0
p m. CHARLES M. PLUM. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON*. Recorder. ,_j
CROCKETT Lodge No. 133. K. and A. J»
M.— Third Degree .THIS (WEDSES-VV'
DAY) AFTERNOON at 3 o'clock. /V\
also at 7:15 p. m. By order of the
W. M. R. H. McPHERSON, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 16G, F. and A. •
M-— First Degree THIS (WEDXES- VVf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. vV»
.. . aw-- H. J. OWES, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 163. F. and A- M. «
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) W
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third /V\
Degree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of South San O —
Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. and A. XJv
M.. are hereby notified to assemble at /»"
their lor'^eroom at 12 '"0 o'clock WEDNES-
DAY. October 26. 10O4. thence to Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery ets.,
•whero the funeral services will be held over
the remains of our deceased brother, JOHN
BAYLE. By order of the W. M.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
ODIN Lclge No. 3.03. I. O. O. F.—
Initiation TO-KIGHT(WEDXES-^«iK&
DAY 1. Oct. 26 -in Swedish). Vis- *S*ft*eS§E38
itirig brothers cordially invited. '--sft^S*'
GEORGE G. MOREN. N. G.
SWAN CHYTRAUS. Secretary-
's EIGHBORS of Golden . rri
Wen Camp No. 71S **ffi -^ .. H
Y,V im'n of the "AV.rlii. f<^z4^jCi\^»JX
s.rc r-Hr-K^f-f! to atr^n-1 g .~^;7i Hiy ™£S(r3
the funeral of our !at» 1 «S*y""*S™ Bt *"5i™ 1 '
neighbor. CHARLES H.
WATSON, WEDNESDAY, October 26, ¦ 1904.
at the rfcapri of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co.. lIKO Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth, at 1 d. m.
F. C RUSSELL, Con. Com.
JAS. ELLISON, Clerk.
THE German General Benevolent Society —
Quarterly meeting FRIDAY. October 28, at 8
o'clock p. m.. at Union-Fquare Hall. 421 Post
et. Election of nominating committee.
HENRY EPSTEIN. President.
CARL JAXTZEN. Secrets ry-
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
36 rages, in Trrapper. for mailing. SI p«r year.
A.GEJTT3 "WANTED.
INKLESS fountain pens; sair.ple 15c; dozen
SI 50; retails 25c. FIEI "> CO.. 119 Bush st.
ATTOgBr*CYS-AT-*GAW.
JL FRAUDULENT divorce is dear at $12 and
is no rood; for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty ; quick; quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
- if liable; loivert fee*; advice free; collec-
tions made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
W. MATTHEWS. C32 Market st, — Consultation
free, private and confidential; no advance
fee*; business promptly and legally transact-
ed; collections, mechanics' liens, tenants
eject «3; probate; loans on real estate- safe
Bound Investments at highest rate of interest.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
6th floor: entrance room 611: established 26
year*; all courts,, general court and of flee
practice: no fees In advance or for coneulta-
ttcn: eventnga by appointment. Tel.Red 3601.
AA — Divorce: costs S12;q-iick.<]nlet:advice free;
• II law business; no 'charge vnlojs ouccess-
f\!l. open evening*. 827 Market Bt.. room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce cc5t* $12; no fee* or
cotts In advance: all law business; office
cpen Esturgay evenings. S19 Market st_.r.33.
ADVICE free; divorce coxti $12: quick, quiet;
•I! law buitlnesr; no charre unless succes*-
fjii; open evenings. 927 Market, room 204.
X.. 6. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304: consulta-
tion free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
; ASTHMA CTTBE. t
X>1 KOLA'S Aethma Remedy relieves ln«tantly ;
-^ ,*r?. c V 50c - 16C2 M «rket. St. Nicholas
%\vo Wlthart. • inth and Washington. Oakland.
' ' -ss*^^ &STSOLOOY.
ZOBEIDE. a«rologer; psychic, occult and as-
trc.IOjdcal readings. 9 Mason St., rooms 1-2.
___ A*JTO*tIOBir.ES.,
CADILLAC for-*630; better • than new, ac It
ha« only been run 5 months. Address box
lf»92. Call office.
BOAgorjfG roa croxpREar.
A PRr\'ATE family -w-ill board a girl from 3
to 6; nice. home. 3%S Oak it
WANTED— A little girl to board. 22«2 Mis-
sion «... ¦
"WANTED— A little clrl to board. 1015 Jack-
son et. JKflBnBJttRBBB
WANTE13 — Children to 'room and board ' 921
. JackEon rt., rear. /•
WAXTED— To board a child. 1042 Larkin st.
!WANTED— A email . child to board in private
family; beat of care. - S61H Greenwich st.
1\- ANTED— A child . to board. Apply 2260 Mls-
*ion st. . • . .
cmoTiLuro eeno vathto.
SUITS cleaned and - pressed, $1; scouring and
. dj-flnc. Ron Marrhe. Examiner bldg., r. 4n>;
phone Drucim 44. Call for and deliver, free.
.-_' _.;r. co^XigCTioir. oracsa."-:
BAD tecanU ejected for $4; collections made;/
dty ' or - country. ¦- Pacific ? Collection - Co.,v 415
, Montgomery. «t-, rooms 9-10.' TeU Main 6560
TIT^TPXPYMI'lirr WAarrED — g«mal»-Con
A GERMAN girl 19 years old want* situation
for housework, particularly as nurse girl for
children 2 to 8 years old; has musical educa-
tion but does not speak English. Address
box 3930. Call office. ' ;
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman, .rood cook
and laundress, wants position in American
family; good references: will go short dis-
tance In country. 794 Folsom st. v
AN experienced' dressmaker by the day;
cloaks, suits of alt kinds; designing- Box
36, 305 Larkin at-
WANTED— By middle-aged lady, a position
1 as working housekeeper-or care of invalid.
Apply 318*4 Clementina st.
A YOUNG woman with a baby would like to
work in small family; reasonable wages. Ad-
dress 570 Harrison st.
WANTED— A position as stenographer: three
years' experience; best of reference*. ' Box
3971. Call office. .
YOUNG widow with a child would like a sit-
uation as housekeeper. Call 830 Mission St.;
wages no object. ¦ ;
EXPERIENCED business woman wants posi-
tion with responsible house; inside qr out-
side work. Box 3730. Call.
NURSE wants' care of invalid by th» month.
Box 8923. Call office.
NEAT colored girl; waitress or general house-
work; city references. 2014 Flllmore si
A CAPABLE woman wishes cooking and some
work; $25-$30. carfare. Box 3606, Call office.
LADY will go out by the day to cook or do
washing at home. Call 1074 Pay st.
SEAMSTRESS want*, work by th*. day. Box
3939, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation; city or
country. 644 Minna Bt. ¦> ..- .-'.> --.-:'.
WANTED— Situation as housekeeper by re-
fined capable young woman. B»x 3598. Call.
ALL around tailoress wishes a place. 1133
. Florida st. ' '
POSITION wanted as working housekeeper;
wages $20 a month. Box 342O. Call office.
JAPANESE honest girl wishes to do house-
work and t help cooking in small family;
small wages. 1406 Pacific ave. /¦
EMg-LOYMEarr wAarnip— maio*.
A YOUNG man who thoroughly understands
mechanical drawing desires a position as
draftsman's assistant or tracer. . Address
box T 39S2. Call office.
ENGINEER— Wanted, position' by stationary
engineer; can handle electrical machinery
- and . do own repairs ; good references. Box
30SO. Call office.
SOBER, steady man; light Janitor or porter
work; experienced: housework and general
cleaning; city preferred. Box 1473, Call of-
fice. Oakland .
INTELLIGENT middle-aged German, only
few days in country, desires any kind of re-
sjpectable work. Address box 3893, Call.
YOUNG man, good worker, steady and reli-
able, anything in clerical line. Box 339**,
CaU office. ¦ ¦-
WANTED— Position as collector or solicitor;
will furnish horse and buggy. Box 3932,
Call office. ¦ •_
CARPENTER, reliable, non-union. Just set-
tltni here, wants work by the Job. day or
' month. Box 3S87, Call office."
BRIGHT and Intelligent young man wants a
position as a schoolboy in good family. 2127
Center St.. Berkeley. Cal.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wants position;
city references. ¦ Box 38S8, Call office.
YOUNG colored. man wishes position as valet;
can shave and massage. Box 39S4, Call.
A middle-aged gentleman possessing tact, bust-
ness and executive ability solicits office rep-
resentation of responsible business firm or
agency for Southern California: a resident of
Los Angeles, now' In this city: unquestionable
references. Address ¦ box 3412. Call office.
A SITUATION wanted -to take care of private
place by a trustworthy ¦ man; understands
gardening, milking, handy with tools; ' good
horseman and^driver; first-class references.
Box 3705. Call office..
EXPERIENCED and competent, bookkeeper
seeks position in the country, preferably with
a mining company; age 27 years; references
submitted and -bond furnished if necessary.
Box 3733, Call office.
SINGLE: old gentleman. German, wants situa-
tion, caretaker, cashier, clerk, correspondent.
- proofreader, secretary, storekeeper; no solicit-
ing; moderate expectations; best references.
Box 3464. Call office. '
PLUMBER, independent and licensed, wants
work by the day or week from property-
owner; has all necessary shop tools. Box
30C2. Call office. "^
YOUNG Hawaiian gentleman wishes position
in photograph gallery: has had four years'
experience; good all around man. Box 3975,
. Call office.. - .
YOUNG man, well educated, accurate and re-
-' liable, experienced in business and bookkeep-
ing, wants position; references. Box 3931,
Call rfflce. ,
MIDDLE-AGED man 'wants situation around
private place; good on horses; fair. gardener;,
cood driver and handy with tools. H. B..
. 813 Montcomery.
YOUNG Eastern man wishes* position to work
mornings and evenings for board and ,lodg-
irt~, as he !s desirous of attending collegs
. during the day. Box 4394, Call office.
BRIGHT, intelligent, handy young man. speaks
, German and English, desires position as por-
ter, lunch man or any kind - of work. Box
3672. Call office.
YOUNG man and wife want positions; man
. first-class coachman, do gardening If 1 re-
Quired; wife a ¦ good cook or second work;
references. Box 3720, . Call' of flee.
YOUNG honest gentleman wants to work for
family where he can make use of his tech-
nical education; college graduate. Box 4334,
1 : ¦ Call office.
PA INTER,, paper hanger, gralner.'etc. settling
. here, wants work with good firm; first-class
experience in England and Canada." WIL-
LEY. 423 Eddy st_
YOUNG man. well • recommended, with high
school education. ¦ experienced clerk. ¦ desires
position as clerk, secretary or stenographer.
Box 3826. Call. ¦ \
A -YOUNG man would like a steady place In
country as bartender or wait at table; best
of - references. Address H. E.. 125 Linden
' «t-*. Oakland.
AN Intelligent, active young man desires sltu-
aticn as assistant bookkeeper; best references;
moderate salary; willing to go anywhere.
Box 4203, Call office.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single.. wishes a
• situation as clerk in grocery store and bar-
• , room: good references. ' W. BOHLING. -417
- Kearny st. -
CHANCE front line battle of life to work for
0 reputation: moderate salary; good* penman;
business man: total abstainer; 28; must have,
work or go : under. ,Box 3432. Call office.
YOUNG man., bookkeeper and stenographer,
withes . position : as salesman of gents' fur-
nishing good*. , Address C. C. P.. 2S2O Six-
teenth st.. i city. •- ¦-. . .
.COMPETENT and experienced accountant
- wanta sets of books to keep, opening and
closing . books, expertlng accounts, etc. Box
2263. Call office. '. --» ;;,
POSITION wanted by an all-around engineer,
- electrician and machinist; long experience in
• mining; has tools; temperate. L. J. DOW.
. - Folsom. Cal. - - - . „
YOUNG man. German." 1*4 years in the coun-
. try. wants position. of any kind in or out of
town. PAUL BACHER. 335 Fourth st.~
YOUNG man wants position,, either salesman,
," collector, traveler; best of references. Box
, 3838, f Call office. x
SITUATION by a woodworking machine hand,
' rip and cutoff saws, and planer and sander
man..; Address W/Mi, 636 Third st.
EDUCATED, steady man to care for invalids:
I - massage treatment . If desired; night. Box
V " 3I'2J>. Call office. -V ,
A .YOUNG man from the East wishes general 1
housework in the city or country. Box '3076.
, CaU offica. -- ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - ' -
YOUNG man : wants position as - candy maker
• in small retail store ; , country preferred. Box
; '3833. Call office. .. . " . ;
YOUNG manT wishes position as night clerk In
cUar* store: best of references. Address S.
;; M..' 1528 , O'Farrell st. '
' POSITION ¦ by young man 22 years old. ¦ wher»
V * there islgood chance to advance; salary.no
,-*¦„' object. > Address box , 4350. '. Call office.
BARBER Tof 5Va years* experience wishes a po^
-eition" in- a country shop; strictly sober.-
..'Address J.SM.*;F.,, 14. Salmon st.; S.;F.,
tYOUNG 7Japanese£boy 'wantV'a position' as
*; schoolboy;-: understands plain cooking.'. F
K.." 2316 California st.. care Japanese MU-
-.'. j-lon.-"' ¦¦'¦ '
'", SPIBrrXTAXISM— Contdnned.
MRS. CRINDLE'S materializing eeance;
friends only; to-night; 50c. 328 Ellla st. ¦'
MRS. LESTER.* clairvoyant medium and life
reader; cir. ev. evg. 10c ; read, dally. 43 6th.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 308 Larkln.
¦ room 49 : readings ; 1 . to B ; tel. South 319.
' ' . DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The WhliJebone^-Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c:
'. plates $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM.HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
' — No charge for extracting when plates are
. made; old plates made over like new; teeth
: from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
; Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; flUlngs,25c
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter
ARTHUR CH1SHOLM, surgeon-dentist. r.l4.1st
" floor. Phelan bid.', 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R.L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
¦ - to corner Eutter and Grant ave. / •
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins, Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
EDUCATION At.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. . Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
1 ..lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
, $50; positions secured ; day, ev. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in Ajr*rica; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons* building.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide ; day. eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting po-
sitions. S. B. Business College, ,738 1 Mission.
HIGH school mathematics, coaching; time
saved and study made easy; mall; evenings.
20 Hartford st. '
CLASSES in short story writing and journal-
ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m.,
333 Phelan bldg. ; terms very reasonable.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— MOVED to 1281 Market st. : large sunny
quarters. Western Business . College.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col..: 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. .Webster, Pres.
Spanlsh.French.etc. Prof.De Flllppe's Academy
of languages. 1018 Post; est. 1871;ablest profs.
CAL. . school ' elocution. I oratory, phys. culture;
day, eve. Y. M. C. A. bldg.. Mason & Ellis.
ZITHER. lessons given by Max Maler, teacher
of zither, S04A Turk st*. near Leavenworth.
ARITHMETIC, algebra. ' grammar, writing,
etc.; $5 mo.; private. 12S1 Market St.. r. 704.
CHICAGO Business College, 1435 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. .$3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828- Halght et.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. , Barrett. 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION — Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght:
Individual Instruc; all branches; day, eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.; 75-page catalog on request
' EMFLOYUEBT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE- and Chinese employment office
' .'supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese •
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.:jeL; Main 6752.'
JAPANESE. Chinese Emp. Of flee. 415 Stookton;
¦ best help. Fritz Tamagaki, mgr., tel. Bush 859.-
RELIABLE Japanese- Chinese Employment Of-
fice, all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE, and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S. 418 Powell st.. tel.
Main 5332. help of all nationalities await po-
sitions.
A YOUNG woman ¦ wants - work by the day,
cleaning or washing; wages $1 25 and car
fare. 23*4 Sixth st. . -'••..¦;..-
GERMAN lady - wishes housework from 9-2;
good clean cook. Address 4 Martha place,
bet. Mason and Taylor, oft Geary.
A NORWEGIAN girl wishes a place at gen-
eral housework. 150 Hawthorne St., bet.
Second and Third, near Folsom.
COMPETENT girl desires situation aa cook;
wages from $30 to $35. Call at 1146 Sutter.
A COMPETENT womanj first-class cook; city
reference. Box 3889, Call office.
A GOOD, ' strong woman 'wishes work by the
day, washing or house cleaning. 219*4. 14th.
COMPETENT, nurse wishes engagements; con-
,flnements or invalids; cheerful and painstak-
ing; references; '' moderate terms. MRS.
KING. 1159 Turk st. ¦
AMERICAN, good worker, with first-class ref-
: erences.' 'wants washing, ironing, window
and house cleaning by the day or half day.
Box 4207. Call office. •
FRENCH couple want situations; wife capable
; to teach! French or'- housework and. husband
generally >useful : all around; best of refer-
% ences ; ; city or 1 country/ • Box 4301, Call. .
CURTAINS : neatly laundered, ooc up:" work
¦ called for and delivered. 26 Dore st., between
" Ninth : .and • Tenth, - -Howard- and' Folsom;
phone, 922. - - ' ; ,\.
NICE- appearing 'young 'lady," 'hjghest^ refer-
: ences.. wishes a position as reception lady
. In ¦ photographer's; small ¦ salary to start.
. . Address box 43S5, Call office. .
-ACCOMPLISHED young lady ..- pianist and
« harpist desires position in -orchestra; thor-
oughly qualified In music; expert performer.
'Box :;S64. Call office. V , . /
RESPECTABLE Russian girl ; wishes to do
:-' general housework,': either first or second; no
" cooklns. ;:; Please apply 24 Freelon st. >
A I COMPETENT ' laundress and housecleaner.
: ' best references.'- wants work at $1 25 ---per
.day.-. Address 730 Natoma st.^ ,
WANTED — By young girl, position in dry
-.goods store; no experience; small salary. »H.
<;-M.. 362 Third st. ; ,; ; ' ¦ ,\
YOUNG' woman* wants position; -good plain
\ - cook; downstairs " work: $30. Box 3S36. Call
v offlotr .---' -./-;, , :¦: ..-' ',: r- ; -,:'. ...¦ -¦
EXPERIENCED nurseglrl . wishes -position - to
- take charge of one or two children. 'Address
• box 3441. Call of flee.. .
WANTED— A- position as housekeeper In hotel
¦ • cr; rooming-house;; city -or, country. Address
i. MRS. J.> J.-. ; box 4270, Call office. : :
SEAMSTRESS, ;> • hairdresser , i and " -' manlcurer
. wishes ¦' position as . maid and - do upstairs
.-' .i work." - Box t 4308/, Call '.« office. "
YOUNG -woman! would like ; to have ¦ washing '
'.-. and ¦..mending -to take- home.'' -713*4; Minna !
" St.. -. near -Eighth; ,":,-,. .-,.¦-*•-;. ¦•,"
FIRST-CLASS : : German t cook • wishes work . by
• '¦ the : day at parties.' etc 933A ; Jackson st. ; ¦
;'.l phone Davis, 257. - 4 -,v : " : *. ¦¦.¦- .,-_,"
COMPETENT i stenographer desires " position;
j.four years'. experience; salary $40 per month
Call, of flee •.,--,
WOMAN. wants work'of any.' kind "'by the'' day
-. $1-60 * day.' from " 8 , to : 5. < or.' $1 ;. from 8 • to .
¦- 1 :30. •¦; 737 "4 ' Howard st. \- . - - - ; ¦,, ¦-.-
AlTOUNO -woman* wishes ". a ! situation at . gen-
¦¦»v eral .-¦• housework;-;- laundress . or ! cook; city or
*-•; country, j, Apply. 23*4 Sixth : stJ, . city. • • ' -
WOJUAN a wants work • by. the' day, .washing or
'-'¦' housecleaning; ¦. $1 i 50 .=. and '- carfare - MR"
:/(OSGCOD, ( 115 Hayes St.;' ; . ' . .-.."?:.
AiYOUNG/woman wishes to do general house-
i -work '.in' a; small family. and small wasntnz-
,;would-;live : across the bay.- 258% Tehama stl
GOVERNESS.* well • educated. 5 ; speaks i German
-good: pianist,^ best of references to character
¦_ ".wants i a ¦; situation. *: Box : 2949,- Call •' office.- . ' ¦ .'¦
A* GOOD laundress withes permanent place for
;.:: Monday.'. WTednesday. Friday; $1 60 and car-
-. - f &r% ¦- Phone ; Black ; 4641: J : * x ¦¦, -r • ;,™
At LADY ' a quiet • home' would " like a
:*" . poBltion i aa •> housekeeper :. for * refined gentle-
/''m-n. \- Box '3829.'; Call < office. \. - ., ¦ .
GOOD % laundress S wants "day "i work ; . Monday '
as Thursday, Friday.: Saturday. ''y Box 3S18/> CalL '
• DRESSMAKING and* tailoring; special prices;
r. works guaranteed. "61il^ Eddy: st, '- -. ••¦*¦-:¦
r.ODGrwa-HOTTSES FOB SAI.E— Con.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
¦ 3 . Eddy st., cor. Market and ; Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming Houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.- ¦•.'/
180 ; rooms; , grand, ; . new*, modern apartment-
house; ™ elegantly furnished . and equipped;
cheap rent;* fine lease; paying $500 to $600
per; month; -close in; full of nice people;
bargain, if taken at once; dissolution of
. • ¦."*-:?.>'*
9- room ¦ flat; - rent only $50: water, free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
60 rooms; 'new;: modern building; elegantly
furnished; elbse in- full of first-class people; >
clearing a handsome profit;- fine. opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness. '¦•¦/¦'•.
7-room ¦ modern ¦ fiat; close in ; - well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300. *
¦ .... ¦.¦¦:-¦-¦ — — — ' ¦ ¦" ' ¦ .."; .,;:¦' .-'_>'.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine down.
town location: 2 entrances; • everything In
tlrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
• pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
-transient can clear $300 to "$350 per month;
here is best proposition in city. ,
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; .oak- and .mahogany; .fine proposi-
tion: «rood lease.
128 rooms;. cheap' rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other. business; only with us. .
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central: rood fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer. . '
63 rooms; best downtown ' commercial house In
city;* clearing now $300 ; per month; every-
thing first-class ¦ condition; will trade for
Oakland.. Alaraeda or Berkeley property 01,
ranch In "California; must leave city.
18 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer. .
,30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown; fine, respectable, ¦ mon-
ey-making house; part down, balance reas-
onable interest. .':¦»',¦-*;
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room; long
. lease;, up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
. electric lights, bell and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout; chance of
i lifetime to get first-class house that is clear-
ing $350 to* $450 at bargain: owner obliged
to leave for Europe to settle an estate; mak«
offer; exclusively with us.
45 rooms, rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing over $200 per month; always full;
best buy in city; account of sickness; price
$4000. i \.
Have new, modern 82-room house; rent $375;
electric lights, elevator, corner; everything
up-to-date; owner will exchange for im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10,000. , . , ' , '
Model . apartment-house. 2 and 3 rooms each;
rent is cheap; elegantly furnished; 5-year
lease; there are 90 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account
of sickness. M /-
3i rooms: cheap rent; thoroughly re~novated;
all in fine chape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800. %
Large list' of real estate, rooming houses and
business for exchange or trade always on
hand. CAMERON. 3 Eddy at.
HOTELS. • ,- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦" - -
v CI.AIEVOYANTS. '
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental Reading for $1.
The great — ELLSMERE.. Ellsmere— the great
Egyptian s«er, palmist, medium; the greatest
clairvoyant In the world; tells your name,
"vhat you called for, whom and when you will
marry, about business, etc. ; Ellsmere Is differ-
ent from other clairvoyants, because he does
1 what they claim to do; things that are beyond
ordinary understanding, things that seem im-
possible; he gives you information, relief, suc-
cess,".' satisfaction. ; power and control of any
character affecting any one or anything past,
present or future; he tells you Just what you
may expect and what to do for your best in-
terests In any matter; he awakens a natural
force within and around you, giving you a se-
cret power to remove the cause of any trouble.
Influence, unhappiness, disease, poverty, fail-
ure or bad lucJc that surrounds you; he opens
up a way for success and happiness you de-
. Eire; a power to secretly change the thoughts,
" actions, habits or Intentions of any one. even
miles away: remember there is no guesswork
•when you consult him; if affairs of the heart '
or emotions of love, interest ¦ you, he gives
exact and truthful advice on all love affairs;
he advises you how to settle lovers' ¦. quarrels
and enables you to win the esteem and love of
rony cne you desire. < • V.
3 offices. 1007*4 Market street 3 offices.
Open Sunday, every day. 10 to 8. Mall. $2.
RICHARD MAYO,
CLAIRVOYANT. -
At a glance, before you have a chance to ut-
ter one word, he tells you what you came for
and what you want to know.
HE TELLS YOU : > . '
HOW TO ATTAIN SUCCESS.
Whether your present business Investments
will be successful. No matter what may -be
your hope, f.;ar or ambition, call on this gifted
man and find relief. His descriptions of your
friends and enemies are as real as though they
stood before you. He ' tells you ¦ everything,
good or bad; you hear the truth and nothing
but the truth. If you are discontented, un-
Mappy, discouraged.': unsuccessful' or. In 111
health, call 'on Professor Mayo and he:wlll aid
you In. life's. greatest: blessings,, health,- wealth
and happiness. Satisfaction guaranteed . or no
fee accepted. ¦¦¦ • ex t ...:¦¦¦ - .
READINGS THIS WEEK REDUCED TO ONE
DOLLAR.
421A Ellis st. (Private) Flat. Hours 10 a. m.
¦ . • to 8 p. m. . -. •
" £¦¦ ASSURED SUCCESS -FOR YOU.
His former $5 reading this week for $1. *¦> -
PAUL D3STINE, -
" The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree 'and guarantee-
to make no charge If I fail. to tell your name
. and what you want tokrow.- I, tell If hus-
, . band, wife or sweetheart is true or false,
. whom and when you will marry; in fact, ' I
¦¦ .will tell every hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; I will improve
your condition bo you will reach the greatest
possible strength in ¦ mental and bodily vigor
¦ ani luck - that insures • success -in- business;
. mining; and speculation; I implant controlling
po\ver*in ycur nature so j you ( can ' fascinate
any one you desire, win the ono you love,'
2 bring back your laved cne and cause marriage
- with the one of choice.- J 10 A. M. to S P. M.
Clcsctl Sunday. *^ 326 — O'Farrell st. — 326.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant ¦ and s business medium; "perma-
; nently located af- 17/ Third, st. 4 , next sExam-
• lner bide. ; »lw -reads -your life correctly,'
. gives en accurate description of the past, re-
.veals' the: present! happenings .and portrays
"events to occur In the future;. if you are in
¦trouble, discontented •"; or not satlf fled :: with
...life or have domestic. ' love or business trou-
j I bles. consult. this great. medium an* you. will
-] bo told how to overcome ¦ them : ¦¦ valuable ; ad-
¦ vice in all affairs of -life; 25c up; satisfaction
-, guaranteed; open; Sundays., j Tel.' Black' 4569.
FROM I all sections • they come to ' witness the
wonderful . demonstrations -'-of ' the -notedv
LIVINGSTONE. Readings :$l.:Would: it not
• be a- relief to know ; how you - will succeed,
-_- to be. relieved. of the matters ihat are troub--
¦, .ling you ana of the schemes of your enemies .
• that you may meet with better success?. Then
for a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE,,
428 Eddy st.;r three separate ; reception par-
: lors; lady attendants ; >h6ura' 10 a.m. -8 ipfml.
A— Miss f M. WIHe, ¦ 330 Ellis.- clairvoyant crys-
. tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called ?f or. without asking a rques-',
.tlon; names giver. ;. special. $1; : hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR.'i Egyptian ) Seeres3,\ The '.Vendome.' 1104
Market • st.,4 San Francisco. : Office hours— 10
; to 5 p. m.; Sundays.- 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening, 6 to8. -Phone South 1141. ';.:
MME.V, PORTER.' ; clairvoyant, 'medium, - born
/with double veil andsecond sight; tells past,
-, present future: 1.- 50c; g.' by cards SI: palm-
istry full life read.i$l.|303 Jones.' near Eddy.
MISS ZEMDAR, young. 'sifted clalr/and palm.'-
; reveals love, marriage, ¦ business; etc. ; ;L.' 60c;;
... G: $l;:hours 10 to 9; names." 714'; Franklin st.<
¦ A— Mme.'t Ravenna =. reads life; business advice;
.'.•; names given; 25c up.* 8 Ellis el.', : near Market.
MME.' GABRIEL' froni the East;' palmist.". card
;;;: reader. 765 Market st.; r.;2. J opp. , PLelan > bid.
I PROF. JOHNS, palmist and "psychic card read-
I . ; er; readings 25c; '¦ 2 to' 9 p.\ m.T. 512 ;' Jessie tt. 8
I MRS. • RICHARDSON,' from . L*ndon.'5 England.
I ; : :'. clalr\'oyant .: card reader. ; : 313 i Ellis ; no j sign/
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has'
•;¦; returned: Bluings dally., 108 6th St.. rooms 1-2..
MME, H> ODELIi. , clatrvoyant,*>'card ' reading,' tea
. leaves; 25c up.'-- 612*4 . Eddy, Bt ;"¦ no sign. ¦; -,', ;
MRS.>BAUMANN,' r the well 5 known^fortuns-'*
:iteller. 1s now at 317 Ellis st. .;:..' .t ,.,,.; ;
: : " . "} f v
MES.1BURR ((formerly •Anthony),? medium, re-
y?- rr.oved.> to • 32 ¦ Rltch ¦ st.; off; Folsom. , bet.'
fourth. '-:-vr y -v;c :^v.^\-;j^;v, >,.;;.;
ARRIVED : f roml New .York.* Prof, ; Fred ' P.% Ev-
•i, "i ans.'* famous * psychic i for slate ? writing.'i clalr-l
y-r^Toya nee/, Offloe.i 1112 1 Eddy. 1 ; Phone?Scott , 837.;
fA=-MRS."?J.-SJ.LWHITNEY,^bus.lmediumIand
i^lUw|reader.fi 1208 Market, f.,14.1 Gait; Housed
B-rrsrjrsss chajtces. ¦ '
A— $900 — CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth st.y living-rooms; rent $30; lease;
a. good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st. .
A— $1500 — Old established commission store.
dairy produce, etc., must be sold at once on
account of death; a very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 2S years as a good reliable
houae. R. G. WILKS. 26 & Kearny st.
A— $1600; CORNER cigar stand on Ellis St.:
lease; a good paying place; location can't be
beat; owner must leave for N. Y. ; a sacri-
flce. See R. G. WILKE. 26'<- Kearny st.
A— $900; CORNER saloon, S. of Market; Sixth
at.; cheap rent; 4 years' lease; a bargain.'
S«e R. G. WILKE. 26*V Kearny st. \
A— $4000; RESTAURANT and cafe close to
Market and Powell sts.; rent $300; lease;
place elegantly fitted up and doing a large
business; best class of patronage; owner en-
gaged In other business; must sacrifice. See
R. G. WILKE, 2<5>4 Kearny et.
A — $0500; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind in the State; rare chance.
Call R, Q. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny tt.
A— $500; RESTAURANT and \ coffee saloon;
corner; rent $30; best location; business pay-
lng well. R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $4000; CORNER grocery and bar: few blocks
south of Market fit.; net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100: value
In eight. See R, G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny.
A — $1500; HARDWARE and plumbing business;
location th* very best; established years, and
a nrst-clasa paying business.- All particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26"A Kearny st. .
A— $2300; TRANSFER and express business; 6
horses, 5 wagons, bus, road - buggy, harness
and stock; business established years; clears
at least $200 per month; a rare chance. See
R. G. WILKE. 26*-* Kearny st.
A — $2000; CORNER grocery and bar; eholceat
location on Geary Ft. ; rent $30; lease: a good
raying- and old established business; disagree-
ment of partners cause, of sale. See R- G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 block3
from Call building: a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26-4 Kearny st-
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition; 5 living rooms; rent $45; 4*4 years'
lease; splendid location and good-paying
business. R. G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st.
A— $S0O; CORNER ealoon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
Ing business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4
Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar. with Hv-
ir.g-rooms; rent $45; best location on Mission
St.; place established years; fresh stock;
value in sight and a good paying store. See
R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st. j
A — $6500; salocn, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chroniele bldg.; rent $250; return rent $175;
place doing good business; full value In sight;
a great bargain. See R.G.WILKE.26"4 Kearny.
A — $5000; roadhouso and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly income $1000: one of the
best business properties: about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE, 26"4 Kearny st.
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
" with first-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
• ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— $1600: COUNTRY hctel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds, 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; in lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 20*4
Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery: 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daly receipts about $20: best location north of
Market st. Call R. G. WILKE, 26*4 Kearny.
A— $2600; HOTEL in San Mateo County; 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-yeaj-«leaae. See
R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A — $3500: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $60: living rooms; stock .will in-
voice about J2S00;' a ,:wcll . established and,
first-cla?6 paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
F. A. BROOKBANK C. H. NORTON
BROOKBANTC-NORTON CO..
BUSINESS AGENTS,
817 Market «t., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
.$100 — CIGAR etand: 4th-st. location; doing nice
business: good stock and fixtures; rent $10.
. don't miss this. See Brookbank-Norton Co.
SALOON'- Market St.; good fixtures, fair stock;
2 entrances -.reasonable rent; owner at death's
door and will "sacrifice for $700 to settle es-
tate; bargain. See Brookbank-Norton Co.
CORNER saloon: wholesale dis. : receipts $20;
bargain for $1100. See Brookbank-Norton Co.
GROCERY and bar. license; also saloon license
¦ for sale cheap. See Brookbank-Norton Co.
$250— PARTNER well - paying clsrar stand;
must be steady, reliable man. See Brookbank.
$600 AND pen-ices secures "4 Interest In old
estab. tent and awning manufacturing busi-
• ness: oarty must be abte to manage office,
«r will take a *-ood mechanic. Full particu-
.lars with BROOKBANK-NORTON Co.
FIXE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or.sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; •« may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market St. •
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
$350— PARTNER; must be honest, sober, re-
liable. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$050 TO $10.000— Saloons that- will stand in-
vestigation. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny.
RESTAURANT: also delicatessen stores at bar-
galna. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
SALOON for sale; one of the best corners south
• of Market St.; long lease;. $40 to $50 day re-
ceipts; price reduced on account of ill health.
Call 509 Fourth st. . ' .
$700 BUYS, country weekly- in growing town;
one-third down, balance s easy; net. Income
¦ $00 monthly; circulation 400. Address box
39S3# Call Office. '
$2000 — GROCERY " and- general- merchandise
store in good town 30 miles from S. F. ; do-
ing good business: cheap rent; 5 living rms;
barn. Morse & Perry, 632 Market, room 5.
BUSINESS associate wanted; lady or gentle-
man: investment $200 to $1000; profits larg»,
work aweeable: Investments and profits
guaranteed. P. O. box 424, Oakland, \ Cal.
PARTNER with $600 and services: proposition
will stand closest Investigation. Box 39S9,
Call office. ¦ ,
WANT to buy established dry goods or clothing
store for cash. Answer, with particulars,
box SS90. Call office. -' v .
FOR sale — Corner grocery: excellent location;
stock fresh: cheap. Address box 1472, Call
office. Oakland.- • . •' • - :
PARTNER: detective and collection: estab-
lished business; small capital. Room 25, 1014
' Broadway, Oakland. , . - ,
BARBER ehf>p fixtures *or sale; two revolving
chairs; 2 stands; 5 mirrors; t>ther • articles;
worth $S0: sell at; sacrifice. Box 3977," Call.
$C0O^-GEOCERY and liquors; fresh stock; good
trade: nice. Eunny Jiving. rooms; cheap rent;
bargain. Phone Blue 221.
FOR sale^ — Meat market; clears $250 per month;
owner retiring November. 1. Address box
.'iS*C, Call office. . , " c.^-4
A GENTLEMAN .wants 'a lady partner for a
boarding-house. Address box 1471, Call office,
Oakland. , .- . ¦ . . x
SNAP — Grocery- and bar; long- lease;- low
rent: bargain; doing good business. -Inquire
at 3153,Tw».nty-fourth-st. ; r- %
FOR eale — Bar:' 7< furnished- living 'rooms and
largo dance- hall;:' 5 years' lease: on Mission
road. EV- MONI. 810 Pacific, bet; 8 & 9 a. m.
FOR sale— Restaurant in East Oakland ; good
location and paying ' business. . Box 1591,
Call office. .• " --,.-•
FOR * sale — A saloon i doing ¦¦ a firet-clasa busi-
ness; centrally located. Further particulars
of box 1777, Call- office. ¦ -¦ ¦ -.
RESTAURANT doing a splendid business for
tale; reasonable.-- Call: 504 Turk et. « ~
EALOON license for sale; $325. 533 Howard
, street./ • . ., V . ¦ -." ¦ ' , ¦ ¦
OYSTER-HOUSE for sale, cheap: owner wants
to go away." j Call at 150 Fifth st. - ' .
CHOPHOUSE, -lunch counter and restaurant to
be sold to-day; a gift. 970 Howard st.-
A COR.~ grocery dellcateasen, with 2 furn. nns;
..La rent $15; 3 -year lease. • 1300 Church st. J v-- <
WANTED-^-To'buy ; a' cigar.' stand; . state price
-;and location. \. Box; 1977. -Call, of flee. . - .
WANTED— Restaurant; * price '¦ must be reason-
able for location and trade/* Box * .1922, : Call,
ROUTE tor sale. . 899 Berlin st. '
FOR ' saJe-~-C6t ner .' saloon ; : good '; business. •'- S35
.-,Bryaat;»t;'" ';•".; ;'"-.'. :';\-.;..--: '.-•'-'¦¦. r ; '-:".., .-'-,
FOR' sale — 'Jl- goodr pJaning-mill" in* Socoma
¦ County; $2250.% Box 3ll0,\ Call office.' , • ' '
EBPIOYMEST WAJran>— Male-— Con.
POSITION by married man. no children, aj
foreman on cow ranch. Address box 37! 1
Call office. "•
A RELIABLE man wants position a» al^'t;
watchman; references. Addresa L b. ;i>a
. Folsom st. .
BT German gardner as first man, or as man
alona on private place; Al references. Bcz
3944. Call office.
COOK and wife desire situations: man good
'cook and baker; wife good waitress or sec-
ond work in kitchen. Box 4213, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener, all round handy
man, can milk, wishes position; good refer-
ences. Box 4206. Call office.
GOOD mechanic wishes work; special op»ratln*
tables. . washstand and all klml.i hospital
furniture. Box 3530, Call office.
YOUNQ man wants steady Job; U good barber-
i years' experience. 141S Kentucky st. *
NON-UNION carpenter wants steady work 'n
an institution. Box 3927. Call office.
A TRAINED nurse (male) will give service tor
passage to England. Box 3S34. Cal) office.
EXPERIENCED clerk or Janitor desires Mat*
tlon; best references. Box 3978. Call of flee.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants work by the day;
bes* of references. Bex 4319, Can office.
STEADY and reliable- grocery clerk wishes po.
sition In small store. Box 4312. Call office.
WANTED — Position as stableiaan: your.? mi?.-
understands care of horses. T. A.- P.. 54 eta."
TOUNG man wishes situation as collector. Bex
SS70. CalL
BUTLER wishes a position; city or country;
has first-class reference*. Box 3738, CalL
A JAPANESE boy wants situation as school-
boy. R. ICHIKAWA. 61 Minna, st.
A PORTER wishes position; best of references.
Bex 3472. Call office.
BARBER wants position Saturday and Sun-
day. 109 Third st.
HOT, 18, with some experience, in grocery.
Box 3408. Call office.
A. NEAT young Japanese strong boy wants a
position as waiter, on table, to do housework
In rood family: speaks good English. F.
NAKAO. 509 Sutter st.
JAPANESE couple want a place In family;
man good cook; wife any kind of work. K.
• K.. 1 Adelaide pi.. Taylor sC. bet. Post and
. Geary sts. ., ., .
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house.
work and help kitchen: small wages: city or
country. T. ITOW, 931 Webster St.. Oak-
land.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy or housework. H. TSUDA, care Jap-
anese Mission, 1304 Pest st. ; tel. Sutter 4132.
A JAPANESE boy would llko to work at
chamberwork or housework anywhere. Ad-
Address 1303*4 Castro st.
A JAPANESE experienced cook wants post-
tlon In private family. K. S., 1544 Polk »t. ;
tel. Larkln 3SG2.
JAPANESE, gentle- and honest boy. wants a
. position at housework or any kind. In city.
TAKA. 350 Jessie St.. city.
IF you want a Japanese schoolboy ask for mo.
K. IKKDA, Japanese Gospel Society, 723
Geary st. .
A JAPANESE cook wanta situation as cook or
housework in small family. . F. K., 41SH
Larkln st. : tel. Sutter 1 "".•'.
TOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as
schcolboy. O. MATSU. 1733 Haigat St.; tel.
Park 2-*.
A NICE young Japanese boy desires position as
waiter or general housework; speaks well.
JIRO. 14S4 Fulton St.: phone Page 4075.
A JAPANESE experienced cook wants posi-
tion In private family. K. 9., 1544 Polk st.
TeL Larkln SS62.
! JAPANESE wants position Ma waiter at tab!*
or housework In family. C. T. CHARLY.
719 Valencia St.; phone 329ft.
JAPANESE honest boy wants- position as
school boy In » nica family. .-V. - B., Al
- Minna «t.
JAPANESE school boy: fin* cook; housekeep-
ing; economy; wages $4 week. GEORGE.
2316 California st.
TOUNG Japanese boy wanta place.' as school-
boy. HAMADA. 1028 Oak St.; tel. Fell 1136.
CHINESE, first- class cook, wanta position;
private family. Box 3715. Call office.
P3LATS TO UT.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture- Co., 243-59 Geary
St.. on the square. -
CHEAP rent — Great bargain; new 5-room fiat
for rent, $23 per .month;, sun all day; new
. furnishings for sale. . Purchaser has advan-
tage of $150 paid by present tenant. Apply
Sterling Furniture Co., 1039 Market at.
A SUNNY middle fiat. 7 rooms and bath-; all
latest Improvements; large garden: rent
reasonable. 1363 McAllister »t.. between,
Steiner "»nd Pierce.
7-ROOM fiat: all remodeled; new; rent $13;
also cottase of S rooms and bath; rent $16.
Inquire 709 Elizabeth st.. bet. Diamond and
Douglass.
$23— SUNNT 6-room flat: new porcelain plumb-
ing; gas mantels; additional attlo rooms; 13
minutes from Palace Hotel. 1111 Broderlck
' ¦ st.,-- near Post. • • ¦-.
HATES, 1737, near Park entrance— Sunny 3-
room flats; jtas, and wooden mantels; rent
$10 to $12 50. '
ONE new. elegant top fiat. S rooms and bath;
marine view; rent onlv $27 50. Southeast
. corner Buchanan and Filbert sts.
BAKER. 733 — Modern middle 7-ro-im . fiat;
new; very sunny: between McAllister st.
and. Golden Gate ave.
CASTRO, 673. near 20th— 2 modern new flat*.
. . 5 and 6 rooms ; * rent reasonable ; key on
premises.
.WARM beU'cf Mission: new and sunny 6-room
. flats; upper and middle flat. 1122-1124 Guer-
rero st., nrar Twenty-third: rent $35.
NEATLY furnished, funny, corner fiat, four
rooms, bath; rent $20. 1996 Golden Gate ave.
FINE. sunn/, upper, flat;, marine view; 6
, room*, bath. S.E. cor. Broadway and Jones.
CENTRAL, modern Bat: 5 rooms, bath. - 1030
Sacramento st.. above Powell.
HILL. 527. near Castro— Upper flat, S rooms
and bath.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to lot CaU
en LYON & HOAQ. 116 Montgomery st.
NEW middle modern flat. 8 sunny rooms, bath,
baservent. 1523 Clay St.* near Hyde.
OAK. 952-963. near Scott— 2 nice «unny uppar
' flats In fine condition: rent $27 50.
PINE. 210S-^Co*y flat. 3 upper sunny unfurn.
rms.: alcove; bath; gas range; ref«; couple.
TWO upper new flats; 6 rooms; rents $27 5a
2937 Folsom st- .
|3250 — ELEGANT, sunny, new 6-room flat. I
bloc!: north of Market. 1S3 Noe St.. nr. 13th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year
FI^ATS 70S SALE — FITItaTSBED.
NEW furniture and carpets of strictly modren
4-room cottage, with > bath; ' must be sold
within" a week"at great sacrifice, as owner
goes abroad: rent $13. 1229 Harrison it.
LANGTON. 30, bet. • Howard and Folsom—
¦ Bargain; leaving -city; furnished fiat -of 4
rooms: rent $10. °
FOR sale or exchange— Nice- furnished flat. T
rcoms and bath, cheap. 1389 Valencia st.
FURNISHED flat. 3 sunny rooms to let or for
sale. J 430 Tebama st. _
HOWARD. 1130U— Furniture from a sunny 7-.
room flat; * must sell; reasonable.'
CHARMING sunny corner, aix-room flat, eom-
¦ tHete: clears $15. 494 Eddy st.
ruajuxua*" TOB SATiT!.
$75 WORTH of furniture" for $7 50 down, $1 30
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co., 340 Post st.
HENRY MAYER pay« highest prices for ftur-
nlture. carpets, etc. 7*2 Mission: tei.Suah 813
n*TmiTUKJS WAJS'x'iiP.
~ ABis LEVY.
Salesroom. 1133 Market it. TeL Jesai* 78L
., Don't sett your furniture, carpets, of Bc« fur-
nlture. etc.. un<ll yon. get his- estimate. r
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will ' sell - on commission. L. H.
. ¦ BURD. . aoc. 163* Market; shoa« Jesst* 233*.
s^gyggg8^HA^^]BS^CTOtlnn8d^J
A — CAMERON & CO— ! Phone South 1060.
3 Edd/ St.. cor. ' Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well-furnished -B-room ark. moored
one . hour's i ride from city; fine ¦ chance - for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and'
fishing; comdetely furninhed « and . equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and .modern: accommodates ' 12
people over"nlght; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go -East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy gt. ' " .
FOR sale— First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California; 60 stalls;
rent only 575 cer month: well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes: long es-.
¦ tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st. ,
FOR sale — Stationery, school supplies,* dress
linings; well located, cheap rent; doing good
. business: 3 living rooms: stock w»l invoice
more than Drlce asked; sickness; price $1500.
CAMERQx & CO.. 3 Eddy st. . - ;
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real es-
tate, rooming-houses and business chances.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
AN ideal resort. 80 minutes' ride from city; 7
acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished; 2
. bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery:
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease: sublets- for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct: ' clears $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particulars
sae CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the be«t hay, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses in
6- F. ; cheap rent; horses and wagons; all
equipments; oresent owner has made- a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S00 Der month; trial given If
desired: part down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet: all furnished; horse ando
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AN excellent paying grocery business; good
trade: good routes; rent reasonable, as pro-
prietor owns building. Box 1454, Call of-
fice. Oakland. >
$1000— CORNER saloon; good location; rent
$35. Inquire 729 Mission, cigar store.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposlta
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
CABTOgjBEATiyQ ATO^ CXEAyiWO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
>lng works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison st_: Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN* & CO.: phone Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 203
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & MIlUnery^chooT^
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
IiOPPHTQ-HOUSES POB SALE.
¦ ¦ • ¦ . (
MARION GRIFFIN. 3 ' ' *T
I 408 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance.
corner 3d and Market 6ts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & 'guarantee titles.
$350 DOWN AND $500 IN PAYMENTS.
An especially well-furnished roomlng-
houee in good location; on sunny side;
12 large rooms; Income $60 over rent;
electric lights; refined roomers; .will
sell at a. sacrifice. '¦'• ¦ ...
. MARION GRIFFIN.
$1450—40 rooms; house poorly furnished; forced
sale; good opening for right party.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$2500 — 50 ROOMS; well- furnished apartment
house; corner; rent $168; business easy
to run and' pays well. \
¦ ¦¦ . MARION GRIFFIN.
$2000—38 ROOMS; hotel, clearing $150 month-
ly; very select boarders; owner eick;
will take -email roomlnc-houee* in ex-
change and time on balance.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$750—16 ROOMS; rent $50; same owner for 12
years; nice location; for roomers -or
boarders; north of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$1000 DOWN and $1000; on time; absolutely
the best < furnished 20-room house in
this city; lease for 4 years; furnishings
cost $5000 In June, last ' year; owner
elck In WALDECK HOSPITAL; buyer
must go with agent from tnls office.
, - MARION GRIFFIN.
$400 DOWN- and' $10 monthly; 24 rooms;- ex-
tra nice blrdseye • maple; . fine carpeta;
apartments: roomers care ; for *• their
rooms': ¦ 3-year lease: '. owner- occupies
4 nice ' rooms and puts $61 in bank
monthly. MARION, GRIFFIN.
' • '
• . ¦ - ¦ 1 ¦«¦• » . •;.-
$200 DOWN and $200 In payments of only $10
monthly. WITHOUT INTEREST: . 8
sunny rooms; - all open on to,; hall;' «J
- blocks north of Market: cause; 'heart
failure. MARION GRIFFIN.
$217 PROFIT monthly '¦ GUARANTEED by
owner, on a cash investment of $3000;
. no more to' pay; a nice, clean. large,
well-furniehed 'roominK-house. ¦'....<-
' ." MARION GRIFFIN.
.SACRIFICE SALE.
$7500— ISO. rocms: one of the handsomest and
most modern apartment houses in 'this
> city; GRAND • LOCATION : :: BEAUT1-
V FUL. ALMOST- NEW FURNITURE;
cost ; $15,000; will", clear . $7500 yearly ;¦
GREATEST,' BARGAIN' EVER, OF-
FERED. Acgnt from this office will
accompany buyer. Exclusively with .'
MARION GRIFFIN.
Cut this ad out and when rou come to San
Francisco coll and tee ua at room 406,v Ex-
- aminer^bulldinc. '.-•.-; ". . > . :-.¦ ¦
' " -N. ,B.— Turn, on' to this/ proposition th«
fierce rays of a* powerful Intellectual search-
light and you'll discover, no flaw.
C. E- HINKLBY. . . • : PHONE MINT . 796 '
1020 MARKET ST. OPP. 5th » st. - = '
¦'- RELIABLE- DEALINGS and EASY TERMS
¦'''SATISFACTION- TO r' ALL. '•:>'. ; * .'
OUR SPECIALS.
, .18 rooms; rent only $40. . . .: ::'l . h .7.'. . .$500
- 6 rooms; rent $20; a nice home..'. .;-. ..'.-.$125
,;.' 7-room ; flat;; elegant; , worth j$SOO.'. .'.W..S400
..- 25. rooms. north of Market, speculation. .'.$750
' K2-room' apartment-house; telegant. .. /. ;$3300
'34 rooms; cheap rent; lease; 'a bargain. Sl°00
; ; ¦¦-_¦ •;. ..v'AND MANY, OTHERS.. ¦„¦,-¦ -.y. ; "
v-;: •';;.•..¦ . ¦ MITCHELL & QO.V .'.-¦.:..'.. •.
1206 Market st. " ", - Phone Jessie" 2981
,-. .-'Rooming and apartment houses,' hotels and
fiats sold: to' suit: purchasers;' titles. guaran-
- . teed." - V < . -MITCHEI& ;&.,CO.l>s ,- : - ¦ '
AN residence. 1 ? 17> rooms,";: charming Io-
;? cation;rent $68;;reas.^Mltchell. t -;1206, Market!"
$600—10 rooms ;" N; of , Market ',; transient 1 . house ; :
•- f urnltureiand carpets ! good ; Irent ; $40;* clear-^
- .ing $100 month. f Caliroom,15917;Market ' stl
HOUSE ; of i fourteen' rooms.", well ; furnished.-' for '
housekeeping." .; ; 427^ O'Farrell^ at.':; 1 '/-;•--'
r A' WEEK'S newsfor 6 cents T -The 1 Weekly 1 CalU1
' . 18 pages, in wrapper/ for mailing, 1 $1 per year." <
FREE-1-POUND GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO'S "TOPTHE SAN FR^CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; OCTOBER 26, 1904.
11
HELP WANTED— MALE— Continued.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employm't Office,
429 Bush Bt ...642 Clay st.
Man to run Standard or Standard New Era
grader for railroad grading, to go north,
best of waees.
Stableman, who can drive, private place.
country $30 found
Coachman who can take care of « horses,
k $30 found
Milker, who can make butter. State of Ne-
vada, party here .....$45
Lunchman, city $50 board
Helper on cakes $7 wk, board and room
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employm't Office,
429 Bush St .W2 Clay St.
MEN to learn'barber trade; only eight weeks
required; only Institution teaching tbe ton-
serial art. Call or write for free catalogue.
- Special offer. Mohler Barber College, 649
Eacamento st.
WANTED — Experienced dress goods and Bilk
salesman to go to a city not far from San
Francleco. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
j HALE BROS.' '
LEARN the barber trade at Halght's; he
teacnes you In shops: the jonly practical
method: wages while learning; don't mix us
with fake barber colleges. . 647 Commercial.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD &
SMITH, 05 Third st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — To buy a barber shop in , a good
' country town. Box 35S7, . Call office.
PLOW fitter wanted. Benicia Iron Works, ¦ 519
Mission st., San Francisco.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Bush
St.. third floor, room 4.
FOR »ale — A bargain; two-chair' barber shop;
muet go East. 16C8 Dev.sadero st.
WILL teach one young man the barber trade;
paid while learning. : 751 :. Mission it,
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuartst.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes -are r*-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln..75c.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships HALLBERT, 617; Jackson st. ,; :
LABOR debts collected: % suits, - : attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 228 Montgy.-. r. 416.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.BulHs."r. 40. Phelan bidg.
Past Com. Geo. H. ; Thomas Post, ?: O. v A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 . Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 85c \ night; . reading 1 rooms:
free ..'bus and, baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTlSEMENTS.'subscrlptlons received at
. Call branch office, cor.' Duncan and Church sts.'
ALL sizes' men's shoes, 'slightly '.damaged,* half
' price. CCS Mlsalon St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. <
HOBBE8 AW) WAGONS.
FOR sale at Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy st.
4 stylish driving horses, single and double:
one large stylish surrey horee; very gentle.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
. round: near Black . Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S.F.
FIRST-CLASS business wagon; call before 10
o'clock. . 1412- E Ninth st.. East Oakland.
AUCTION sale at 220 Valencia St., Saturday,
11 a. m.; 100 head broken horses.
I ALL kinds ' of 1 business j wagons, surreys and
buggies and carts cheap. 1504-6 Folsom st.
FINE rubber- tire Victoria, the latest kind,
for sale cheap. 1503 Folsom st.
NEARLY new buggy for sale cheap. Box 1778,
Call office.
GOING out of business;- new and second-band
wagons sold cheap, 1C80 Mission St., nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
j fevery -Wednesday at ¦ 11 a. m. 327 Sixth «t.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
nem. work ft driving horxes. 15th-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN 4 CO.. 20 Montgomery
MARY, 20. near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms.
double parlors; rent $25.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOB SALE.
; 12-ROOM houses rent $40. 816 McAllister
street. ¦ • . • . ¦ -
LOST AND POUND,
LAUNDRY horse and black-covered top wagon
with -three bundles of clothes. Return • to
MAR CHSE, 247 Minna . st. , and receive $10
¦.-' reward. _;¦ .. .: '. ¦ . ~. ¦ . ¦-. .,.
LOST—A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savinga
and " Loan Socletv - of . San. Francisco In the
name of GEORG GOESCHL. No. 252-960.
: . The finder will please return ; to bank.
LOST — Oct. : 24, ' purse containing gold watch,
¦ Olson's market : or vicinity. ¦ 541 Minna; $10
reward ;> no questions, asked. '
LOST— Black , feather boa, frcm Van Ness ave.'
to Franklin st. and Golden Gata are. Return
119 Fulton st. : . . ¦;•' , _; ;
LOST— Lady's gold watch; monogram N. E. H.
- Return ;B. L. Hodghead." rm. 220. Crossley j
.bulMing; "reward. •;;. ¦:, ¦., ;.-. :. ; .•,';,;,
CR AVENETTE, '? at Presidio ; athletic grounds/
¦- Saturday af ternjon. Finder ; leave ' same - at
' CLABROUGH r & GOLCHER'S. Market . st.
LOST— Turquoise 1 pln,*t surrounded i with '¦ . dla-
; monds. Finder > return ; to; 1005 Chestnut st.
V#and;r*ceive> reward."; ¦'. v .
LOST— AbouO 25 ; keys'; on • large - triangle : key-
v ring. • Reward return to 615 14 Natoma st. 7
_^LOST_AW1> POUND — Continued.
LOST^Gold chain bracelet; ""ball attached*
Return to 434 Sutter and receive reward. *
LOST— Mining map. Excelsior, near 3d and
Market. Return to 1102 Call bidg.; reward.
FOUND — Female bull terrlor. Owner may call
1U25 San Bruno ave.
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Eelling your old gold and silver to the Mod-
. ern T\ atch Case Factory to b* mad* into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter st.
LAUNCHES rOB BXBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
at.; for pleasure and business : tel. Bush 534.
: MEDICAfc. , •
LADIES desiring safe, sura and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE^FREE; 17 years' experience in all it-
male disorders; call or write. DB, WHITE.
702 Market St., rooms 7' and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, conflda in mr
Relief for Irrecularitles. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON, office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist ror all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOdU Market St.. opp. 5th.
MRS. ' DR. . WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; 1 Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
DR. G. W. C DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this • specialist ¦ on female
complaints: positively, corrected; the unfortu-
• nata helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice fret. .Office. 1018 Market st.
LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
et. Relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations
DR. E. G. WEST, the old, reliable physician
-.•; and surgeon." 305 Kearny ; St., room 1.
DR. and MR8. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS-
original method ; of treatment. . 1126 Market.
LADIES— Kumround: ' cafe, ' ture, never : falls;
' $2.'Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ! ROSEN,*, residence ! 2995 Folsom st.,* corner
ladles, relief ornofea: $1O.
MATTBESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
: . process) ; - excellent ; carpet * cleaning. - HOPKE
BROS.;- 1432-34 Howard «t.:, phone South 216.
• 'MTBTES A1TP MTRTNQ. '. ¦¦' '.
I ? MAKE * a specialty Jof s. selling - good ; mining
property. A. D.-RENFRO, Crossley bidg. ¦
MISCELLANEOUS— ; FOB SALE.
2D-H AND machinery, engines. ' boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; sae Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.'. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite. In rolls easy to lay:
.needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR sale— New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables j
with rnviltge of buying: modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 652 Mlsalon at.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on nmall weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 233-235 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
A BRAND new 14-foot skiff; up to date: var-
nished Inside. F. FITTOCK. Park-st. Bridge
Boathouse, Oakland.
FOR sale— The best broke Wrd dog in the
States, either for ducks or quail. Box 3983.
Call office.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents* full dress. '
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER, ,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palaca Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; w« pay express
charges. 11 Sd St.. Exam, bid. ; catalog f re*.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMEK'8. 137 Mont-
gomery «t.. room 12.. upstairs.
H. ANDERSON. 28 O'Farrell St.— Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer.
FOUR pure fox terriers for sale; cheap. Ap-
ply- K0 Broadway, between 1 and 5 p. m.
FINE talking polly and canaries for sal* at
559>4 Minna st.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
loweat prices. Price Pump Co.. C23 Market st.
Wallpaper. 3%c; paint. $1 gal. ; painting, whit-
ening. Merisan, 1.11)2 Webster; tel. Steiner 3671
500.000 FEET lumber, being wrecked, for salo
cheap. Phone Capp 39C3.
FOR sale — St. Bernard dog, 11 months old.
ANTONE DA VILLA, Alvarado, Cal.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
BARGAINS In 2d-hand cash registers. Includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed: terms. 14 Turk st.
2D-HAND bidg. material; lumber, door, sasn,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton at.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $73. SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring $50: terms $5 per
month. P. V. OARIN. 138 Montgomery st,
SLOT machines, all kinds; loweat prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
ROOMS papered, $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel.Maln 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st. ; tel. South 611.
MOVINO pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Cullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER^
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery at.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4« Fremont st
MISCSLLAMXOyS WANTS.
AAA — Highest', prices for ladles.' gents' casto.t
clothing. Tel. Davis S25, C5O Sacramento st.
AA— BUY any amount good 2J-hand Jadles' &
men's clothes. 922 Folaom: tel.. Folsom 3223.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 405. Ad-
ams bidg.. 200 Kearny st.: phone Black 3039.
DECOTS wanted; collapsible preferred; state
price: must be In good condition. Box 2873.
Call office. '
WANTED— Incubator; second-hand. Box 3862.
Call offic*. 1
HORSE or horse and buggy. Call between 9
' and 11 a. m., 23 East st. ¦ -
WANTED — A meat refrigerator, about 5x7
feet; must be cheap. Box ZS67, Call office.
Levy & Redler. highest prle« for gents' cast-ofi
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1514. 613 Washington
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. : tel. Jessie 2831.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
Mubsurci— Mrr.ail upright, fine order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling — Mahogany caae; used 1 year.
Chlckerinfe — Mahogany case, perfect order.
. Weber — Mahogany case, S pedals, like new,
from $95 up: easy payments: all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 Q-FarreU at.
RARE violins for sale: Francesco Rugg«ri.
Doir.Inicus Montaguai.i. Sebastian Klots,
Ceasnx Gigli. HERMAN MULLER, violin
mak«r, 2 Latham place, S. F.
WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Curtaz ' Piano Co., 560-62-64
Hayes St.: tel. Fell 5761.
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st. _^
$30 — UPRIOHT grand, nearly new; & snap.
HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold: $135. 237 Geary at.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy piano*. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
S-PEDAL Steinway up: Chickering baby grand:
Rhonrnger, little used. Keeffe's,, 2S5 O'FarreU
MONEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107- 10S Crocker bidg. ; phone Main 6g24.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. '. • :
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property la trust,
etc. ; legacies. ¦ life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
Ste HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2.1 cr 3d
I Mortgage, on real estate it
Chattels, in city, tow. :i
or country.
Low rat« of Interest. '
Give full particulars
of property cr chattels.
Location, etc
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— }
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bidg.
A— ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st' or 2d mortgages or ou any security; any
amount. O: W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 3A.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
. principal cities. Tolman/ S53 Parrott bidg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. ' Baldwin Jewelry Store.
006 Market; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
YOUNG it CO..' room 537 Parrott bidg.. loan
money on furniture, pianos, *tc. at about
half the rate charged by other people: mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid off.
ON salaries. . Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
near Market. ¦
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities.
$25 up. without removal. The North Amerl-
can Realty and Bond Co.; 60 Columbian bidg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM Jl TO $10,000.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st..
loans money 'on diamonds, valuables, etc.. at
- ¦ 2 per cent cer month.
MONEY,' chattels ' other propositions. Bannan &
¦ ; Ball, room 1213 Call bids; phone . Mala 3214.
financial
first mortgage gold bonds.
Eeccrrl by tb* best of Income bu»lo*«» vrvp-
rrcr under lone guaranteed lea»»; quarterlr
tcter*»t.
Eesd tor Prospectu*.
rKAl.TT BONDS AND FINANCE OO (INC.)
1K2 Broadway. Cor. Hth St.. -
Oakland.
-HE REALTT SYNDICATE.
Tafittal paid in $4,800,000 OO
Surplus M0.M1 S«
Issues
Elx per cent
Investment Certificate*
At par.
Office — No. 1« Sansom* rtrnt.
£aa Francisco, Cal.
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents: stock !
fold; etronr Eastern connections; advice free. I
•WTite A. F. HARAEZTHY. &22 Cro—ley bide |
help ' jy^jgggo^— pbmuae. j
COOK f<r lnsMtutlon $50 I
Cook for country hotel.......... .....$50 '
2 cooks $86 I
Cock for Redwood City $50 I
« nurse rirls $15-$S0-$25
Mrj<1 and seamstress J25 j
Cock fcr students' boarding-bouse $35
Parlor nald and waitress $25
2 e»ccnd rlrl* $2»-$25
French governess and seamstress $30
Cook for small restaurant $35 '
3 cooks for ranches $2S'$30 I
Houttwork, San Mateo $25 I
Girl to assist. clubhoue« $20:
And 20 girls for housework, city and coun-
try $20-$2S $30 I
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
If AN and wife for ranch; $45 and bouse,
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
A. — WAXTED — Girls to learn halrdresslB*.
manlcurl&s. etc: trade taught from A to Z
ir. 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
cuaranteed at $10 per week up; leading*
school in West. .233 Geary St., room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery bow ror '
fall »eason; both Beacons taugbt from start i
to finish In one month for $15; positions aa
trimmers, c&lesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled Im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng.
tcacicurlcg, electric massag«. etc: six hours'
practice a day: guarantee positions: only
rvcoccized college of its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; %1I parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
LADins wanted ex'crywhere, copyinjr letters at
home evenmjrs cr spare time and return to
ue; no mailing or carvass'.np; $9 weekly
earned; materials free. Enclose self-ad-
dreus«j envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co.. No. W 12, Ninth st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
Alteration hands on Jackets and
skins Cloak and suit department. City of
Paris Dry Goods Company, Geary and Stock-
ton sts.
WOMAN for cocking and downstairs work:
must be ccaspetent; wages $35. 176 Belve-
dere et.. between Frederick and Waller,
Ciayton and Cole 6ts.
WANTED — Housekeeper for man In redwoods;
two children; easy home; $10 month and
fare. Ci.ll •.-.(• He ward st., 2 to 4.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on pants. 12 Le Roy
place, off Sacramento St., between Jones and
Leavenwoith.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing. 1216 Fulton st.. between Scott and De-
vlsariero.
GOOD v iigt-s paid while learning trade and S2S
security; steady position. Call this morning
from 8 to 12 at 212 First st.
YOUNG srirl to fold and wire etltch booklets.
etc. EDWARD KNOWLES COMPANY. 24
Second -et. - • • - ••• ¦ -. ,
TOUNG lady for business office of high grade
printing establishment; experience desirable,
but not absolutely essential. Box 3dS5, Call.
A GIRL. Cor general housework and help in
kitchen; wageg $20. At bakery. 109S Fulton
•t.. cor. Lyon.
RESPECTABLE lady to do housework; good
home for right party. Apply «> p. m., 543A
Caftro Et.
YOUNG wcroan for general housework, light
cooking; family of two. 311" California st.
WANTED. Immediately, experienced dried
fruit packers. Apply 11C0 Harrison »t.
WANTED — First-class cook, downstairs work;
no washin*. 2307 Broadway.
WANTED — Ladle* to do piecework at home:
Bte-ady employment; good pay; experience un-
necessary. Call Cm ma Spreckels bidg.. 027
Market st., room 401.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators on
overalls, coats and jumpers; steady work.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% Fremont st.
Apply to Mr. Davis.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
clon of advertisements and eubeciiptions has
been opened at 100S Market St., opposit*
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
AT Dr. JuiUy's sanitarium; intelligent young
women to Uarn nursing: must contract for
on« year. Inquire at 2504 Howard. 2-4^ p. m.
WASTED — A finisher on coats; also an ap-
prentlce. 229 Stevenson et.. room 3.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutea. 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
HELP WAK-TED — MALE.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU,
8U6 Market St.. room 325. fifth floor.
office hours, 9 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
Clerical H«»!p Furnished Free to Employers.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to i2Z> week
Stenographer $15 week
I.'.arjfct'r department store $25 week
Bill and entry clerk »I5 week
Drug clerk $12 week
Checker $14 week
Timekeeper $15 week
Accountant $18 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $18 week
Two shipping clerks... $15 week
General oSfice work $15 week
Bank clerk (bond required) $25 week
Young man learn dentistry $10 week
S'Hi Market » t , room 323, fifth floor.
TT ANTED— A stableman for private gentle-
man's stable, near city, $30 and found, see
boss in city; Swiss milkers. $30; also two
butlers for families, $33 and $40: cook, board-
log-house. $40. and others. J. F. CROSETT
&. CO.. €28 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Shipping clerk for lumber mill in
country, tnust be experienced, $50 and found;
albo a h«ad enlper. $S5 and board; also man
to iwamp roads. $40. and one good screw-
turner mill located in nearby county, can
m~e boks in <fity. Apply early to J. T. CRO-
6ETT A CO.. €28 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Stenographer and typewriter for
first-class i*«itJon in city; salary $3 a day.
See J. F. CROSETT A CO., 62S Sacramento.
WANTED— American clerk for dry-goods de-
partment store in country, $75, see boss in
city. J. F. CROSETT * CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento «t.
AT HORD t SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. - 85 Third at.
Stableman, city. $50 to $60.
Laborer, city. $2 to $2 .'•(*; month's work.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE— FREE FARE
. Sixty miles out — Railroad work.
Teamsters, $2. Teamsters. $2.
Good camp; good water; 2 months' Job.
Free Fare— Free Fare Free Fare.
Milker, middle-aged man, 6 to 8 cows, take .
charge dairy, good home. $25 found.
Man for dyebouse. $15 to $20. must under- .
Ftand dyeing, spotting and dry cleaning. -
Operatcr for wax thread machine, shoe fae- I
tory. f2. i
Mas to spread bitumen, experienced, $3. {
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU, I
612 Commercial st. Phone Bush b33. ,
2 carpenters, city. $3 day.
Wagron washer, city dairy. $40 found. '
Concrete man. build culverts, city, larga
company, t3 day and found; 2 farmers, $30
found. -
AT CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third St ..Phone Bush 405.
3 teamsters, city, $2 SO day.
2 machine miners. Cal.. $3 day. j
1 can>enter. •' finisher, $3 BO day.
3 laborer*. $1 76; 2 roctanen. $2 25.
A SECOND man for a rood steady place in
city, $40 and found.
A kitchen boy for a private family, $30.
board and room. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter St.. near Powell.
GOOD wage* paid while learning ¦ trade to 1
or 2 men furnishing references and $25 se-
curity; steady position. * Call this" morning
from S to 12 at 212 First et.
FDFF : : A Conpon Ent5tlin S You to : : fTlYl-fl-*
1 KU-| Ol1c pound 40-Cent, | rHLL.
"Top Quality" Coffee
: Imported and Scientifically Roasted, and Is Perfection
of Quality in Coffee. On Sale at the 100 Stores of the _
Great American Importing Tea Go.
Your Choice of a Pound of
Mocha, Java, or Mocha and Java Blend
FREE With Every 25-Cent Small Ad in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
' The Coffee we offer you js the very best that
*^» 4O cents can buy in any part of the world, and none
*^ could be fresher, for each day the stores of the
S GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO. are
** replenished and the Coffee only ground on receipt
**' of your coupon, thus, retaining until almost the
*^ moment of use the volatile properties that character- .
¦
— K Not alone do you secure a pound of the purest,
P freshest, high grade Coffee on the market, but you
V* receive in addition from the GREAT AMERICAN
A IMPORTING TEA CO. an EXTRA PREMIUM, entitling
P you to a selection from a thousand articles of Glass-
Ix. ware, Chinaware, Plateware, etc., any oneof which
I£ would cost you from 15 to 20 cents. Our offer this
IVl week therefore means 55 to 60 cent values for a
M-*— . -•¦'¦¦"
IN THE WHOLE SERIES OF PREMIUMS OFFERED OUR. PATRONS IN
THE PAST NONE HAVE COMPARED IN VALUE TO THIS ONE : : :
Any one bringing a 25-cent Small Ad to our office
THURSDAY, FRIDAY OR SATURDAY
Will receive FREE a coupon, good at any one of the fol-
lowing stores for a pound of Coffee andan Extra Premium:
. 861 MARKET STREET 213 SUTTER STREET 1419 POIiK STREET
140 SIXTH STREET 1819 DEVISADEEO STREET 70S LABKIN STREET
475 HAIOHT STREET 3006 SIXTEENTH STREET 146 NINTH STREET
3285 MISSION STREET 521 MONTOOMERTT AVENTTE 355 HAYES STREET
2008 HLLMOBE STREET 2516 MISSION STREET 52 MARKET STREET
366 THIRD STREET 469 FOURTH STREET 206 THIRD STREET
2732 TWENTY-FOURTH STREET
1053 WASHINGTON STREET. OAKLAND 1355 PARK STREET. ALAMEDA
1510 SEVENTH STREET. OAKLAND " 3141 CENTER STREET. BERKELEY
, 1185 TWENTY-THIRD AVENUE. OAKLAND 823 FOURTH STREET. SAN RAFAEL
616 EAST TWELFTH STREET. OAKLAND *»*•*•
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, Third and Market Streets
Oakland Office - - - 1016 Broadway
A— MURRAY A RBADY~~634~ and 636 Clay sC
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
>V« speak the German, French. Italian. Scan-
¦ Shavian. Greek. Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages. ,
1903 We Gave l»04 We Hope to
60.000 Men Work. Increase 60.000.
GOLD MINES COAL
EILVER MINES COPPER
Blacksmith, placer mine. $60 fd.; carpenter,
mine, north. $60 fd.
ANOTHER MINE.
b hand miners, good gold mine, no blankets
required, hotel accommodations, reading and
I bath rooma. Inquire about It, $15; 3 muckers.
1 quart* mine. $75.
COAL. J&INB.
STATE OF WASHINGTON.
10 coal miners, company guarantees $3 to
$3 75 day can be made; good accommoda-
tions; part fare refunded.
SPECIALS.
, GOOD MINE.
o hand miners. $82 50. - : - ' l
*5 muckers, $76.
Porters, bakers, city. $8 week.
3 bakers' helpers, city Jobs. $25 to $40 fd.
Plumber, city Job. $4 to $5 day.
4 shinglers. 10 carpenters, other Jobs, $3
to C4 day.
8 carpenters, plain house work, fare 50c,
$00; 4 carpenters, Berkeley. $3 to $3 50:
t 2 shlnglere, fare $1, long Job. $1 per .1000
; and found.
PLUMBERS.
I 6 plumbers, fare paid, north. $4 day; 4 bench
I hands; 6 cabinet-makers; 3 iron molders; see 1
buss here, $3 50 day; 2 brush makers; 3
paperhangers, city,
j , MURRAY Sc READY, 634-636 Clay st.
I TO BUTTE.
110 laborers: no experience needed; for
large company; 6 months' Job; $60.
; Brick wheeler, good Job. $2 50 day.
I MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
YOUNG man, assist gardener, near city, $20 fd.
10 laborers, near city, steady, $2 day.
1 Stableman, country stable, $35 and found.
I Baker's helper, city, $30 and found.
I 2 men to build fences by contract.
; COOKS. WAITERS.
BUTCHERS. ETC.
I German cook, country hotel. $50 fd.
¦ 6 other cooks; 5 waiters; 14 dish washers, etc.
I 10 butchers, shops and slaughter-houses, $30
I to $80 fd.
Bausage-maker. country shop, south, $40 fd.
1' - • WOODCHOPPERS.
. 10 men to chop stovewood. north, good long
1 Job, fare $2 50. $2 cord.
Stableman, city company, $60.
3 painters, city, $3 B0.
Handy man for ranch, $30 and found.
MARRIED?
I Working foreman and wife for ranch, $60 fd
Married farmer; no work for wife, $30 fd.
Farmer and wife, Oregon, $40 found.
FARMS — DAIRIES
30 plow teamsters, $30 to $35 and found; 10
general farmhands, $26 to $30 and found; 10
milkers, city and country; IS cboremen and
choreboys; boy for grocery, city Job; boys
for factories
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
BOOKKEEPER, COUNTRY
STORE.
Middle-aged man to keep books and do ste-
nography. V.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIALS.
Working foreman, ranch. $35 and found.
S laborers, San Mateo County.
8 foreign laborers, near city, $2 day.
Walter boy for boat. $20 and found.
Roof painter, city, $4 day. • •
Horseshoer and blacksmith, $3 day.
Butcher, country shop, $35 and found,,
fare $1.
Second cook, city hotel. $45 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
AT INDEPENDENT EMP. AGENCY,
Phone James 5576. 612 Merchant st.
4 single hand miners, gold mine, $3 per
day 8 hours; .2 years' work.
2 carpentersy company work; long Job.
Foreman fcur concrete work-
Several concrete laborers.
2 laborers. $2; long Job.
1 harness cleaner and washer.
2 stablemen.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. ~
14 Third St Phone Bush 405.
Man and wife for ranch, $45 and house.
EXPERIENCED chauffeur wanted for delivery
automobile; must be well acquainted with
the city streets; state references and expe-
' rience: salary $52 per month. Address. box
SS94, Call office.' - -.-,'" -•-•'
WANTED— Stock clerk; wholesale dry goods
house; one with experience preferred; good
opportunity: state age, salary expected. Box
3986. Call office.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings, $9 60 week. Send addrereed envel-
ope for particulars. Manager Dept. W-12,
Box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
FIRST-CLASS Jobbing plumber and roof re-
pairer: state wages and where last em-
ployed. Box 3881. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS presser on men's clothing;
steady position. PAUSON & CO.. 200
Kearny st.
ELECTRICIAN wanted to work 'on half Inter-
est; must have tools and be firet-class all-
round. Stuger, 344'Kearny, bet. 6 and 7 p.m.
WANTED — Experienced crockery packer. Ap-
ply shipping department Great American
Importing Tea Co., 52 Market et.
WANTED^ — Ordinary and able-bodied seamen.
THOMAS MURRAY. Shipping Agent, 510
Davis st.
FOR sate — Four-chair barber shop; fine loca-
tion: rood laundry office; rent $15; part
cash; time. 627 Sacramento st.
FURNISHED barber shop to let on commis-
sion or rental; apply promptly this morning.
Particulars grocery, BOO Shotwell st.
WANTED — A youth for delicatessen counter.
. Apply superintendent's office, the Emporium.
CASH boys wanted. Apply superintendent's
office, tbe Emporium.
FEEDERS for platen and cylinder presses.
EDWARD KNOWLES COMPANY, 24 2d st.
WANTED — Coatmaker. 123 Ellis st.
BOY over 16; $4 per week. CAHILL. 938 Mls-
elon st.
ELDERLY man for dishwasher at 506 How-
ard st.
WANTED — Cardwrlter for an out-of-town
store; state experience. Apply box 3987, Call.
WANTED — Two stage painters: new building.
Sutter and Stockton sts., 10 a. m.
CARPENTER wanted on day work for owner.
1111 Gough St.. near Ellis.
BOY for plumbing shop; one with some ex-
perience preferred. Call 7:30. 140 Chenery st.
A GOOD tailor wanted on coats. 27 14 Fourth
st.. room 1.
WANTED— First-class cook. 29 Stockton it
2 GOOD solicitors for road; expenses ad-
vanced. Call Wed.. 10-12. 819 Market, r. 63.
0 SINGLE hand miners. $3: 8 hours' day; 2
years' Job. Independent Office, 612 Merchant.
MEN to learn the detective profession. 997
: Market St., room 104.
! $125— BARBER shop for sale; 2 revolving
j chairs. 1834 Market st.
BARBERS — Three-chair shop at a bargain; !
don't mlsa it. 10&0 Valencia st.
WANTED^ — Men and women to prepare for i
Government positions. Apply for free cata- j
logue giving particulars. Pacific Corresprnd-
er.ee Institute. Grant bidg.. 1005 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
r.ddc<d 1C0 rew rooms to the Denver House,
' 21 ? Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 00c per night.
WANTED— Young man who Is an experlTnced
silverware and Jewelry salesman. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
GOOD wages paid while learning trade to 1 or
2 men furnishing references and $25 security
steady position. Call 618 Merchant st
j BARBER shop; 5 chairs; finely fitted; In
lively nearby town; a good money-maker. 1
1 STOLTZ, Barber Supply House, 723 Market.
j WANTED — Three laborers, pick r.nd shovel.
j Fourteenth ave. and N st South; take Ken-
• tucky-st car. ¦ ' . ¦ j
} ONE or two men to learn a good trade; steady
I work; no night or Sunday work; $25 security
I required. Apply upstairs, 618 Merchant at
! WANTED — Men to fill 350 rooms - at 20o per
\ night; clothes closets, hair mattress, electric
light in every room. 681 Howard st -
6. F. Barber College, 741 Howard st, wants all
young men to know that It has the finest
equipped school west of St Louis: red. rates.
GET your shoes half-soled while -waiting; 25c
. to 6Oc 663 Mission at, bet 1st and 2d sts..
J; or 11 Third st. Examiner building.. , •
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes,' (2 50; we . pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bld.;open till 9 p.m.
MAN wanted to sell good* to saloon trade.* Ap»
ply E. COLEMAN. 1824 Market st
FOR sale— Old-established 2-chalr barber shop;
low rent; good . locality.. 2403 Folsom • st, : . -.
FOR sale—Old estab! barber - shop. Apply; at
Treat's Barber ¦ Supply Co., 303 Mason : it
MONEY TO LOAN— Continued.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security: diamonds or chattels; no fe»: no
com.; cut rate. CaL Loan Co.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. nn. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furnU
ture. indorsed notes and other security. 3. '
F. Discount Agency. 143 Dielan bidg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, sllvar.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
DOJTT borrow money on salary until you s*+
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bidg.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watchea Jewelry:
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans 10 salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Ek. bidg.
ALLloans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kcarny.
3 % ON furniture A pianos; $15 up: no" removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy at.
CASH loaned ralaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
OPPICES AJTD STOBI3 TO LIT.
ELEGANT offices: new Italian- American Bank
bldz., SE. cor. Montgy. & Sacto.; light and
sunny. O. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 20 Montgy.
PEB3ONALS.
""""" " "Nol^M^DicAil"^^^^ *
"REXRADIO" prescribes, uses neither
medicines nor medical Instruments; heals
(solely) by "humanized Radium" power; re-
sults speedy, often "Instant"; first treatment
benefits, or "free." public healing to-day at 3
and 8 p. m.. 7 S3 Mi Market and 1 Fourth.
~ "TYPHOID FEVER." "
"REXRADIO" quickly expels Typhoid
Fever. H. C. Knott. 112 Fell St.. waa last
week prostrated with this deadly fever. Hla
symptoms were alarming, fever, extreme,
pulse at highest, temperature excessive, vora-
1 Ited "blood." At height of fever Rexradio's
first treatment quickly started a profuss
sweat, when all extreme symptoms largely
subsided right away, puls« and temperature
became nearly normal. After second treat-
ment (same day) further copious sweating,
followed speedily by perfectly normal pulsa
and temperature, and complete cessation o£
blood vomiting. Patient became cool. easy,
restful, slept long, soundly. Next morning
felt weak but well, and went out to transact
I business all day. To date no relapse, and pa-
tient has quickly recuperated. To-day h«
said: "I am feeling pc-fectly well. I ow«
my wonderful recovery, and perhaps my
'life,' to Rexradlo's 'non-medical' treatment
alone. He used no medicine but Just parsed
his 'humanized Radium' power Into me. which
Instantly thrilled my whole body, promptly
abatliur the sever* pains and fever In a most
surprising manner, producing a refroahins
: coolness and strength all over me. I am as-
tounded at my rapid and complete cure, and
as a small token of my practical gratitude I
have Insisted on Rexradlo's acceptance of a
block of stock in a gold mine with which Z
am connected. Language is too poor to ex-
press my appreciation of his truly marvelous
power. While be is around I shall never
again dread Typhoid.' I an) willing to
'swear* to the truth of the above statement."
"PHYSICIANS TESTIFY."
"REXRADIO" last week by one brief treat-
ment publicly restored many totally deaf ears.
some of which were witnessed by one of th«
most noted city "physicians" (name at of-
fices), who signed the testimony, vouching for
Its correctness. Another physician brousht a
"deaf mute." who in 3 seconds began to hear
and speak. A third physician, at hall, pub-
licly counseled alleged "Incurables" by medi-
cine to try Rexradio's power. When these,
"physicians"* Indorse this treatment, "lay-
men" may do well to "Investigate" it.
" ¦REXRADIO'S' one treatment entirely cured
the paralysis with which my baby was
'born.' " Mrs. Allen, 379 Bartlett.
"REXRADIO" * has recently made several
"deaf mutes" hear and speak before numer-
ous witnesses. One caae was witnessed by
Mr. Butler of the S. F. Chronicle, who
signed the record, vouching for its "correct-
ness."
" 'REXRADIO'S' 2 treatments reduced my
large cancer one-half." — Name at offices.'
"REXRADIO'S" references: Mr. H. K.. 113
Fell, cancer, failing sight, fever; Mr. B.'. 6753
Market, r. 11. paralysis, total deafness; K.
Hall. 17 4th. paralysis; Little, 201 Hyde;
• Stuart. 692% Capp, locomotor ataxia; Mrs.
Knowles, 379 Bartlett. "ossified" lady; Mrs.
Porter. 3490 20th. anchylosis, deaf mute,
etc. See them. Hundreds more.
"REXRADIO" gives free "public" treat-
ments with wonderful results "to-day"
(dally). 2 and 8 p. m.. Radium Hall. oor.
Market and 4 th. Daily office hours. 2 to 7.
Entrances 7S3ft Market and 1 4 th.
A— MME. GILLJNGHAM, '
DERMAT0LOO1ST.
Hm removed her parlors to 143 Stockton st..
Union-square bidg.. over Regal shoe store, opp.
City of Paris, room IS. where she will continue
to treat her patrons for all facial blemishes.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray nalr. la-
, prcves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
acd itching scalp: no stain or sticklnast:
I cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ae-
eept co substitute. Star Remedy co.. 1338 Polk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cur* for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia.
sore throat, etc Sold by all drugglsta for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A BROWN. 40 Turk st. 3. T.
SPECIAL sale; great bargains offered in la-
dles' •suits, cloaks, sktrts and furs; thes«
goods must be sold quick; owner must return
East. Ladles' Tailor Store, 812 Larkin st.
HAVING separated from my wife, will not
be resoonsible for any debts contracted by
her. H. A. BOWMAN. ft
FANCY and silk dress's carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1889. 2:22 Fillmore St.; phone Geary 2033.
BEST on earth — Barradas liver, kidney, agu*.
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured: $1.
BARRADA3 MEDICAL CO.. 33O Qrant aw.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR ~~*
On the worst bald head. Call or writs.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'FarreU st.
AT less than ccsit; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LfO.VJ. Loodom
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 -Vi
down and $1 SO per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 3-10 Pout st.. near Powell.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leaven worth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East CO".
CYCLE skating rink." Central Park. opp. Ci:y
Hall, Market st.; lad lee free.
SUITS to order on installments of 11 per wet*.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
ELEGANT suits to eider, extra pants or fan;?
vests, for $14 78. Fr«d Wagner. 850 Market.
EAST Installment* for lien and Youths. :»ui:*
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1U7 M«:.
$1 a week: suits to order $15 up. LEM09. US*
Market st.. bet. Seventh sad Eighth.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds: easy payment*.
P. V. OARIN*. 183 Montgomery st.
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you in fine clcttUDX.
Art Tallortnr. 1*44 Mkt.. under Bt.' Ntchoia*.
Superfluous aalr removed; electric needle. Mr*.
Eaten. 36» Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 G*ary.r.jj.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in tbe world at 1S10 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 BO: dress pants I1V«.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Pupont.
11ASQUEP.AGE costumes, play books, wig*;
country ordera. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALKREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
t-a!r in Itw natural" color: jl at all druggUM
PTTBCSASTNG ASSNCTE3.
CLARA^eTjEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence sollcit-
trt. 3C5 Larkin St.. room 49: t>l. Soota 319.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
tomey-at-law. 6 Honart b'djr.. &tt Market st.
PHYSICIANS A2TD STJ3GEONS.
DR. C C. O DONNELL — Office and reeidence.
1021U Market st.. bet. 6th and 7tn: partlca-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR.- BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at (87 Geary st.. near Leavenwortb.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 748-3 Clay st. ¦
stop d ai snerffQ/.
GUARANTEED cure: lend 50c: tablet fenn
mailed in olaln package: has cured vhoo-
. sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayrrard bidg.. a F.
VIA VX.
A WAT to^ health; mothers' and daughters'
' home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
1 - VIA VJ CO.. Van Ness. Phone "East 282.
For Additional Classified ' Advertise-
ments See Pugo 13.
QUALITY"4fl-CENTC0PFEET0 SHALL AD PATRONS SUNDAY-FREEContinued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Cal Wine A. 80 — I Pac C Borx.158 157%
MV& MtTtn. — lOo fPac S Tel C*. — 114
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
115 Anglo- Calif ornlan Bank 83 09
10 Cal Fruit Canners' Association. 99 25
20 Honokaa S Co 14 87^4
95 Hutchlnson S P Co _.. 9 75
29 Makawelt 28 23
6O Onomea Sugar Co ............. 23 SO
20 Paauhau S P Co „.. 14 75
$3,000 Los Angelee Ry 5 per cent.... 11« CO
$2,500 Mt V & Mt TamaJpsis Ry 5s.no 00
I3.0G0 Spring .Valley 4a (2d mtxe)...101 o6
130,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped)JlO 25
(23.000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 85 37<4
Street —
80 Bank of California .42$ 09
65 Giant Powder Con 632S ,
fa.000 Sacramento El Oai ft Ry Bs.103 0O
$4,000 S P Cal 1st con 6s (stamped) -110 25 ,
$23,000 Market- st Ry 1st con Cs 117 00
$20,000 Spring V Wat Co gen mtge 4s. 99 00 "
Afternoon Session. ',
Board —
90 Alaska. Packers' Association... M 50
6 Alaska Packers' Association... 99 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 9& 50
B Alaska Packers* Association... 10O 0O
CO California Wine Association... 80 25 ',
10 Hawaiian Cornl _ Sugar 6i! CO
15 Honokaa 3 Co l« 87Uj
85 Honokaa S Co 14 73
60 3 F Gas ft Electrlo 6« 50
10 Spring Valley Water Co 39 23
$3.C0O Cal Gas ft El Q M ft C T 3s.. 80 87^4
$2,000 Los Angeles -Ry 5 per cent.... 116 00
$20,000 Sacramento El Gas ft Ry Sa..lO2 00
$10,000 S P of Arizona (1909). 108 7ft
$21,000 United R R of B 7 4 per cent. S3 39
Street —
$23,000 Sprlnr V— Wat gtn mtg* 4s.. M 00
Unlisted Securities.
__3CE_ X_N_OT78 BO9IDS. >
Bid. Ask. Bid. *f_.
Bay CPC 6s. — 103 Sy _ NP B».il2 —
B _ Wat 6«. — 114ft 3 p C R 4a. 9S 1034
Cal NW SS..113 — 8 P Co 4%s.l01%103
M C Wat Ss.100 . — Sun Tel (3a.. .113 —
Rls I Wks5* — 103 Do 5a 105«4 —
Drdk 58.112 — Suttr-st RSs.104 — I
MISCK—UAJTEOCS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 27 Lonft ST Bk. — 6*
Amer Bis Co — 90 Mat Nay Co. CO —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Nev Nat Bk.193 — '
Cal GAECor. 43 00 N 3 R R Co. 9U, —
C Jockey CL — 112% N Cal P Co, — li
Cal Powder.130 145 Oak Bk Sav.120 — '
Cal Ship Co. — 21 Oak T Coo.. 75 —
Cal T I ft T — 153 IOOB" Hall A «% —
Cen Bk. Oak — 75 Orpheum Co. — 13U;
Chutes Co . . 5% 6% PacC Cm Co.125 —
City ft C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co.103 —
i Cyp L Imp.. — 6H Paraf Paint. 3d — ,
j East Dynm.. — 873 3 F Drydock. — «S
DptPwd pfd — 85 SF_SJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com ..83 — S J Wat Co.103% —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO ft MTgbt_125 —
Fischer Thtr 30o — Swlss-A Bk.,113 — '
Frnch-A Bk.107 113 Truck Elect.. 11 —
Gas Con A. . 18% 19% UR InC pfd. 61 U2«:
Hono P Co.. — 26^| Do com ... 12% —
Do pool .. — 27 I
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board— • ;
100 Northern Cal Power O> 10 CO
$1,000 Sunset Tel ft Tel Co 5s 103 00
$1,000 Sunset Tel ft Tel Co Ss 103 23
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Associated Trust Cert ...... 24 25
Caribou BOO
Claremont 774 82%
Four 56 ....
Giant 20 ....
i Home 95 1 00
Independence ............... ¦ — a» ....
, Junction 12 13
Kern River 1100 12 00
Monarch (of Arizona) SO ....
Monte Cristo e3 70 ,
! Occidental of W. Va 03 04
I Oil City Petroleum '57 53
Reed Crude 180 ....
Senator 70 80
Sovereign 30 33
Sterling 2 55 3 CO
Twenty-Eight 0 50 10 Oo
Miscellaneous —
Cal. Jockey Club 112 00
; Fischer's Theater .......... .... 40
: Northern Cal Power 9 50 ....
Truckee Electric 11 00 1150
SALES.
Morn Ins; Session.
Board —
600 Fischer"* Theater • 4ft •
Afternoon Session.
800 Home 05
4CO Home 924
400 Monarch 30
COO Claremont. S. 10 82ft
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANOB. '
Following were the sales on the San Fr»a
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Corns tocka.
200 Belcher ..... 271 200 Gould ft Cur. IS
100 Belcher 28) 400 Ophlr S 29
COO Chollar 19 200 Union Con.... SS
900 Con Cal & V.I 30i
Afternoon Saaston — Comsto— ¦.
100 Chollar 181 200 exchequer ... 48
ICO Con Cal ft V.I 30| 100 Occidental *~ 74
85 Confidence ... 80 800 Savage 28
10C0 Hale ft Norc. 611 2OO Union Con.... 3S
200 Crown Point.. 09! 200 Yellow Jacks*. IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ajk.1 BJd.AJK.
Alpha 12 14 Jolla 07 08
Alta 04 06 Justice 0« 07
Andes 22 24 Kentuek 02 04'
Belcher 27 29 Lady Was— ..OS 05
Best ft Belch.l 10 1 20 Mexican 1 10 1 IS
Bullion 13 20 Occidental ... 74 75
Caledonia .... 39 40 Ophlr X 20 2 25
Challenge ... IS 20 Overman 14 15
Chollar IS 19'Potosl 13 14
Confidence ... 80 90! Scorpion 06 07
Con Cal ft V.I 23 1 301 Savage 27 29
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher... 07 0»
Con NY.... 08 OS Sierra Nev 2« 2T
Crown Point. OS C9 1 Silver H1U.... CO K3
E. Sierra NeT OS 08? St. Louis .... 07 09
Eureka Con.. — Cn| Syndicate .... 03 05
Exchequer... 47 SO Union Coa.... 87 3»
Gould _ Cur. 14 15lUtah 08 0»
Hale ft Nbrc 59 601 Yellow Jacket. IS la
TONOPAH AND COLDF1ELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
100 Mont Ton ...1 951 100 Ton 37 Star... 1»
1700 MaeNamarm . S0[ 600 Ton Ohio .... SO
100 Ton Belmont.. 711 500 X T Ton .... 10
Afternoon Session.
S000 _speranxa> ... Oil 100 Ton Belmont.. 71
300 Goldfleld 001 100 Ton of N«r..f 75
1000 MacNamara . S0| 000 Qutney 11
1000 MacNamara . 311
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
BM.AsIc.J Bi&Ask.
Ton of Ner...» 00 9 73Res«i» ..: 10 13
Mont Ton ...1W1 93 Ray A O'Brien — 08
Ton Exten ..1 70 — Paymaster ... 02 04
MacNamara . 2» 30 Little Ton .. 20 — ¦
Ton Belmont.. 72 75 Esperanja .... 0l 03
Ton N Star... IS 20| Gold Anchor.. 20 —
WMtEnd... — 18!Qulncy 11 —
Ton Gold Mt- 19 20! N Y Ton .... — 10
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm... — 2S) Jumbo 80 81
Goldfleld Mhk IS 20t *
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGB.
Kt'lowlng w»re the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1C00 Black Ants.. 10 7C0 Mont Ton ...1 OS .
100O Diamondfleld. 40 500 Paymaster ... 03
500 Diamondfleld. 41 50O Red Top 14
II 000 Esperanxa . 0t| 200 Sandstorm ... 25
«W0 Gold field 50 1CC0 Ton Belmont.. 71
">C0O Jumbo .' 51 WV> Ton Relmont.. 73
"¦ion Jumbo Ex .. 2C 3C0 Ton Belmont.. 73
»^OO MacNamara. . 29 100 Ton of Nev.. 9 75
200 MacNamara . 30| 100 Ton N Star. . 19
Afternoon Session.
300 Cent _ureka.l 351 TOO MacNamara . 29
21 500 Esperanza .. Oil 50O Mont Ton ...1 MJ
500 GoldSeld .... 50 50 Ton Belmont.. 73 •
1 2»00 Jumbo 51 10C0 Ton Midway.. 33
300 Jumbo 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask. Btd.Ask.
Adams — I 1 Mont Ton.l 82% 1 93
Black Ants.. — 10 N Y Ton .... — 05
Black Butte.. 17 —Paymaster... 02 04
Blue Bull M. 25 — Pine Grove ..It —
Booth M Co. 10 — Qulncv H —
Diamondfleld. 41 — Ray Kxten .. — OS
Esperanxa ... 01 02' Ray * O'Brien 06 —
Gold Anchor. 14 25' Ray Ton . .... — - n
Oo'dfleld B B1 — 20! Red Top 14 15
; OoM'fM B&B — 14lRescu« 10 \\
Ooldfleld Dmd — 20 Sandstorm ... 20 24
GoMfleld Mln 49 — [Ton Belmont. . 72 75
OoldfleM PPk. — !<»! Ton * Cal .. — 20
Oo1<*n>M Ton. — 11 1 Ton Exten .:150
Cold Mt Con. — 02! Ton «¦ Gt W. — f2
T»*zel Kirk .. — T2!Ton Gold Mt. \* in
Jim Butler .. — W>j Ton Mtdway, ; " 5J8 3fl
Jumbo ...... W> Ml Ton of Nev. 9 73 10 00
Jumbo Ex.: !»• 21fTon N Star... IT —
Little Ton .. 25 — ? IT»— «»....... 1© —
Lnckv Tom.. — lOfWest End .... — 15
UuKiiun . S a|
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY, (OCTOBER 26; 1904.
12
g_A— ESTATE — COTTyTBY — for Sale
~ WHITE & UAYLEY.
Successor* to
V.-.J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE. .
\ EXCHANGES.
LOlil. LODI.
Tile town Jhat lias the "SNAP" to It; the
fect.cn that has the most fertile soil in the
Joa«juin Valley; fine roads; water trans-
portation.
We are subdividing a choice tract In 10 acre
lots; enly 2% miles frcm town; surrounded by
modern licncs and fine orchards and vineyards;
*oil rich, black, sandy loam 12 feet deep:
?cliool'cn the tract; $75 per acre. Tills will not
iast over 30 days; first come, first nerved.
Adjoiniag land sold for ?120.
S12.0O0 — Only 2 miles Sebastopol: electric
rars pass place; 100 acres, of which 15 are
bearing apples; all level, rich, sandy loam,
adapt t*d to hops, potatoes cr corn; 2 good
l.cuses. fine bani. siieds, poultry-houses and
ou<build>nss; complete set farming tools; horses
and cattle with place.
$2S«> — Close to Fetaluira, 1 mile station: 10
neres rich loam; family orchard; among beau-
liful caks; modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath;
good barn, poultry-houses, outhouses; horse,
cow,. SO hens, buggy etc.; will add 12 acres
i-djolniag if desired; see this quick. '
$10.000 — Close to GoyservUle: 50 acres rich I
Kuseian Ri\-er bottom; groat hop land, or
adapted to alfalfa or vegetables; 12 acres vine- j
yard. 12 prunes, 23 acres, fine alfalfa; large
new barn. We offer some of the finest farms
in the world in this superb section; let us
drive you around.
$2300— Near Hopland; 45 acres rich land; 12
acres pears in bearing; family orchard: good
house and cutbuildtngs: well fenced; Investi-
gate this.
$4000 — Close to Petaluma: 24 acres rich,
candy loam In potatoes and asparagus; some
orchard and garden; fair 7-room house; out-
buildings; refused J'.iOOO for 17 acres adjoining
not so good; half cash.
$1800 — Close to Sebastopol: 10 acres fine
land: 4 acres bearing prunes, berries, garden;
5 acres young apples; half cssh.
(500 down — ICO acres and use of 40 more; 2
nii«-s cf postoffice: in Sonoma County; rolling
land; 8 acres vines; orchard; finely fenced;
building alone cost $2000; house 7 rooms; barn,
wagon-shed, poultry-houses, yards; 1500 cords
wood; seme stock, furniture: price $2500.
$400 down — 40-acrc dairy and poultry ranch;
2 good dwellings; barn, poultry -houses. Incuba-
tor; 6 cows. 15 Angora gcats, 2 horses, buggy:
toc!.«; 10 tons of bay; only 1 mile of town; In-
vestigate quick; $2000.
$5000 — Only 1 mile of Haywards: 37 acres
fine lnnd; 4 acres bearing crchard: modern
house <J rooms and bath; finest barn in county,
alone cost fJOOO; fine view; this is the best buy
in the vicinity.
SC500 — Close to Callstoga; 90 acres; 45 level,
productive loam soil; well fenced and cross-
fenced; plenty tine water; fine prune orchard;
good house, barn and outbuildings. We have
a large list of desirable homes In this locality.
Let us drive you around.
?2C50— Ncrth of Watsonville; 65 acres, 8 acres
full bearing apples, 9 in grain; fine berry
patch; 40 acres timber: flowing stream; 9-room
house: large barn and granary; water piped to
buildings. We have a choice selection of fruit
and grain ranches at reasonable prices in this
vicinity. See a few.
$3500 — 5 miles of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian River bottom; 25 acres: 5 acres
vineyard; new buildings; 5-room and bath cot-
tage; good barn; windmill and tank; poultry
houses; see this, and If you want only part of
it will sell unimproved portion at $100 per
acre; if you want to raise corn that will make
the Kansas article "side step" see some of our
homes on the Russian River.
$2900 — 34 acres, near Watsonville; 200 apples;
C acres fine potatoes; 2 acres timber; balance
grain: 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings.
Thirteen acres rich valley land near Sonoma
City; 9 acres fine grapes, 15 years old, balance
pears and assorted fruits; this season's crop
easy $700; no buildings; forced sale; simply
make an offer.
$1500 — All level. 10 acres. 2 miles of Calls-
toga; small orchard; good house and barn; 2
wells; near school.
ALFALFA LAND.
S.10 per acre — 3 miles ot Modestl ; 20 acres up;
half cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodl, on the Woodbrldge
canal.
$1200 — 10 acres In vine and fruit belt, near
Lodi; sandy loam; 5-rcom house and barn.
$2500 — Near Santa Crur. 60 acres rich alluvial
soil; 8 acres orchard, mostly apples; 10 acres
grain; balance Unbered pasture; 5-room house,
barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed lltt on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery st.. room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
FOR SALE.
The Potter ranch, three miles north of
Napa, has been subdivided Into 15 blocks,
ranging from 10 to 30 acres each; this ranch
Is nicely located in the center of Napa Val-
ley, near a good school, and Is offered for
tale at the low price of $65 to $90 per acre
by Napa and San Francisco Real Estate
Co., 25 North Main Bt.. Napa» Cal. i
EALE or exchange for city property; sacrifice;
153 acres, Napa Co.; 60 acres in cultivation;
fruit, vines and grain: fully equipped and
paying; beautiful place; gentleman's home,
EHADBURNE. 405 Montgomery St.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEK2RS!
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
648 Market st. '_
$9000 WILL secure a large tract of land that
is wctth four times the amount asked; must
be soil before November 1; a chance to make
a fortune: positively no risk. Box 2702. CalL
A SNAP for Immediate cash; 200 acres of the
finest land In' Northern California- ALEX
MURDOCK. 875 Thirty-seventh St., Oakland.
FOR sale or lease— Nearly 5 acres, all Im-
proved, house, etc. E. A. HUSING, Fourth
a\-e. and B St., San Mateo. . ¦-•;'::..
FOR good Government lands inquire 305 Lar-
kln st.. room 49. near City Hall.
BERKELEY ADVERT : S'NTS
BESSELET EEAL ESTATE. '
BARGAIN — New Siroom, 2-story house; porce- '
lain bath; city water; gas and electric lights;
mantel, folding doors, china closet; desk
built In library: refrigerator and cooling
closet; lot 4jx100; street, work and sidewalk
done; also cement coping, lawn, etc.; price
$3500: terms. $000 cosh, balance $30 per
month; close to university and station Key
Route and S. P. R. R. Open Sundays.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorir. Station, South Berkeley.
BARGAIN — Must be sold to-day; 6-room cot-
tage; bath, pantry, stationary tubs, barn;
lot 30x120; close to station, school, church
and store; price $1250; terms $150 cash, bal- I
anc« $15 monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln |
Station, South Berkeley. Open Sunday. |
* . — — —
—$3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware St., Berkeley: S
rooms and bath: lot 40x135; new and modern;
•unay exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment If desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st.,
Oakland.
$700— A GOOD corner lot, 45x135; 1 block from
Telegraph ave. • *
.ST.v» — Lot 35x126, on Telegraph ave.
$1000— Lot 46x138. on Telegriph ave. J
$1300 — Fine corner. 46x125; on car line; close
to station: all on easy terms.
LITTLE St WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave.,
BERKELEY. Cal.
$1SO DOWN. ~
To close out my holdings in Golden Gate and
near Ashby station, on the Key route. I will
sell lets and build small homes on your own
plans for only $150 down. >
M. L. WURTS & CO.. 1323 Broadway op-
posite Postoffice.
BE____EV HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent— In desirable residence section of
Berkeley, ' house of 9 rooms, porcelain bath,
storeroom; stable and chicken-house; 3 blocks !
from Benyman station. 5 blocks from Berke-
ley and 6 from entrance to university; 2025
Virginia St.. between Ebattuck and Mllvla;
newly painted and papered throughout: rent
$35; will not be rented to tenants who let
housek«eplng room*. Apply 26 Montgomery
*L. room 8, San Francisco, or LITTLE &
WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
FRUIT VALE AD VERT'S'TS
, r_TJITYA_E BEA_ ESTATE.
W. E. RUDELL. ", REAL ESTATE.
Corner Frultvale ave.' and Washington st.
Frultvale. Cal. (
THE FOLLOWING PROPERTIES ARE A
FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS:
' $050^-Cottage of 4 rooms; city water and
good sewer; 5 minutes' walk from . the
station; one block from car line;; 1 block
from school. This property rents for $10
per month. As an Investment this will
pay good Interest.
$1200— A cottage of 4 nice cozyvrobms, pantry
and closet: lot 50x140; Just one block
from Frultvale ave." car.- Terms part
. cash, balance ' same ¦ as ; rent.
$1C5O — Modern cottage; 4 nice rooms and bath
gas. city water and sewer; ¦ lot ' 38x125 ; 3
short' blocks * from Frultvale station'
terms $C50 cash, balance 8 ; per * cent. *
For -rent — A house of 7 rooms and . bath •
hclf-acre of ground, chicken houses and barn-
good well; some furniture; also a few chlckens :
rent $18 per month..: ... ••;.: fc
. W. E. RUDELL, Real Estate.
Corner Frultvale ave. and >, Washington St.,
V _^ .Frultvale,-: Cal..- ; •
LOT— 00-foot . frontage on Frultvale <tve. ; • want
"• offer. - Address: owner, ¦< P." O. box" 462. Frult-
val«..CaL' ;
ALAMEDA ADVEB/rS'M'TS
_^ /.LAUESA PEAL 2STATR ¦
READY for occupancy; a new C-room cottage:
lotSOxiCR; to be sold this week. See owner,
J. H. YOUNG. 12in Park St.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE. I01G BROADWAY.
OAgLAHJ EEAL ESTATE. .
PERPLEXING QUESTIONS.
WHERE TO LIVE?
What is the answer?
What is the answer?
PIEDMONT PIEDMONT PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT Opposite PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT the PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT Golden PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT Gate. PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT PIEDMONT PIEDMONT
85 minutes from S. F. by Key Route.
Trains every 20 minutes. •
A GREAT MANY WELL KNOWN a F.
BUSINESS MEN ARE BUILDING
HOMES IN PIEDMONT.
Oakland's most beautiful suburb.
NO FOG— NO WINDS— DRY, CLEAR ADX
Plenty of sunshine— Artistic homes.
STREETS LAID OUT ON MOST MODERN
AND UP-TO-DATE LINES.
Shads trees on every street.
Take the "Key" Route ferry to-day and go to
Piedmont — Cafe at Piedmont Springs Park.
Office on Central Piedmont Tract always open
Sundays. .
ALSO LOTS FOR SALE IN BERKEL7Y,
OAKLAND AND ACREAGE IN ALA-
MEDA CO.
WRITE FOR, NEW CIRCULAR AND MAPS.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
1212 BROADWAY. 14 SANSOME ST.
Oakland, Cal. S. F. Cal.
$4750— FINE home in beautiful Linda Vista
Terrace;, new; finely finished in every de-
tail; 9 rooms, etc.; price reduced from $6000;
owner must pell on account of mortgage. See
P. C LASSEN & CO., 466 Tenth St., Oak-
land^
BARGAIN— Beautiful 7-r. home in Piedmont;
fine nelRhborhood; good location; near car
line: will sell cheap; must be seen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS, 675 36th it
FOR sale — Two new up-to-date bungalow 8-
room houses; large lot with barn; very
cheap. Inquire on premises, 688 Thirtieth
St., or 1055 Broadway, Oakland. -
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND BOOMS AITS BOARD
GENTLEMAN roomer or boarder: private fam-
ily; convenient to local trains. 1352 Harrison
St., Oakland. .
OAK-AWP BOOMS TO _ET.
FURNISHED rooms; sunny, light and airy.
1412 East Ninth St., East Oakland.
WANTED — Roomers at the Wllliamette House,
371 Tenth St., Oakland. ' . r ,.
OAKLAND STOKES TO LET.
TO let — $23; store, corner Twenty-sixth st. and
San Pablo ave.: fixtures, living-room, large 1
workshop and stable. Inquire opposite, 1027
Ban Pablo ave. ¦' -
OAKLAND rUBWITUBE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Echelhaas, 11th st..cor.store. Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem'ta
BOOMS FOB HOTJSEKEEPINO.
A FLOOR of 8 rooms, alcove and bath, fur-
nished for housekeeping; piano and sewing
machine; eastern exposure; 5 minutes' walk
to Kcarny st. For terms, inquire mornings,
13C'.i Taylor st. or phone Main 3055. .»
BRYANT, 444 — Two sunny rooms for house-
keeping; one single for lady. .
EDDY, 611 — Furnished housekeeping rooms.
EDDY £04 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms with
bath. - - ¦ :
ELEVENTH ave. South, 1535—3 large, sunny,
furnished rooms; complete; rent $10 month.
ELLIS. 325— Suites of rooms for housekeeping.
ELLISDELL, 217 Post— Elegant suite for light
housekeeping; also single room; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 433 — Room for light
housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1204 — A eunny parlor
suite, suitable for housekeeping; also single
rooms; bath and phone.
GREEN. 1812 — Nice room; one or two ladles
or couple; housekeeping privileges.
GROVE. 32— fl_ connecting unfurnished' rooms
and single.
GROVE, 109 — Two nice newly furnished rooms
for housekeeping; use of bath and phone.
HOWARD, "lO'/fc — 2 large housekeeping rooms;
adult* enly; respectable; no transient.
HOWARD, 822 — Two suites housekeeping
rooms; gas and coal stoves.
HYDE and Washington (apply 1505 Washing-
ton — 2 newly furnished housekeeping rms.;
every convenience; fine view; tel. Hyde 2506.
JESSIE, 323 — 2 large sunny basement rooms,
furnished housekeeping; gas and coal range,
2 beds, $4 week; 1 front parlor, $3 25 week.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loo.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-room suites: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reas.
MARTHA place, 4, off Geary st., near Ma-
son — i furnished housekeeping rooms; also
2 others. '
MINNA, 546 — Furnished rooms complete for ,
housekeeping. .
MISSION. 1639B — Elegant rooms, furnished or
for housekeeping; cheap; private. "OQSSg
NINETEENTH, S527 — Two housekeeping
rooms; $10. ¦
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
$12: gas range; hot bath: adults.
PAGE, 116 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
r.>oniK: running water; , bath. ¦
PINE, 2140 — One sunny furnished room; gas
and bath; housekeeping permitted; $10.
POST, 217. near Grant ' ave. — Elegant front
suite; also single room; reasonable.
POST, 962— Nicely furnished suites; $15 to $20;
gas, closets, running water; convenient.'
RITCH. 307 — Three rooms furnished for house-'
keeping. $12. ., ¦ ¦ '
SACRAMENTO. 1514— Parlor floor, 6 elegantly
furniehed, sunny housekeeping rooms; piano.
SCOTT, 300 — Northeast corner; 2, ; 3 or 4 rooms,
'¦ n«wly furnibUed; bath; extra sunny. ;
SECOND, 149— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping. • .
SHOTWELL, 121," near Sixteenth — Two or three
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
SOUTH PARK, 12G — ,To let, 4 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; no children. ' ; ; <.,
BUTTER,: 1928 — 3 large sunny rooms and bath;
«?utlro upper floor: clean; reasonable. '
TAYLOR, 811 — Furnished suite, gas range, $12;
3 attic rooms, gas range, $16; single, $6.-.^v
TURK, 2S2 — Two housekeeping rooms; ¦ yard;
for family with 1 or 2 ; children. -, *¦ '.. ¦ .-,.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3447—2 : furnished house"
, keeping rooms; all complete. :
24TH, 3305, nr. ' Mission— 2 nicely furn.'connec.
rms.*, $15; also 2 small unfurn., $5. gras, yrd.
WASHINGTON, 1419 — Two sunny i furnished
- rooms, with piano; light housekeeping; $16. -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The .Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing,' $1 per year.
AP-BTMERT? H0PSE3.
CT. LOUIS.^ 1075 Jackfon— Marine view; 1 3-4-i
rooms: f urn. or, unfur. : refs. 'Tel.- East '1350. i
•" BOOMS, TO — ET— Pttrn. and UnXura.
A— BRUNSWICK Houtio," 148 [ Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per, night, .?1 25. to $5 per week and
. light housekeeping rooms; open all night.,.
AT "The f Almonte. V..' 873 * Market ' at. ' (or No. r 1
r-' Fifth lit.)— Rooms,* 25c, 1 : 50cV«$lr.$15O night;
SI 00 to S10 week: i house ooenall night.
BFA_ ESTATE — CITY — 7OB SAZ.E.
zzzn . »
I
PEREMPTOUT
CREDIT SALE.
CItEDIT SALli.
IMPORTANT TO HOMESEEKERS.
IMPORTANT TO HOMESEEKERS.
We Will Offer at
AUCTION
AUCTION
AT OUR SALESROOM.
30 MONTGOMERY ST.. j
SO MONTGOMERY ST., '
SATCRDAY OCTOBER 20. 1904,
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 20. 190i.
AT 1 O'CLOCK P. M-.
82 BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE LOTS
K BUSINESS AND RESIDBNCE LOTS
As Per Diagram-
rjOVT MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY.
DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY.
J i i L
23D STREET
J j sr, si c « « v: « a
17 II II 20 21 22 23 2«
g I I I §
5 18 j 25
_|S » 1 2g S *
' £ iL___! t 27 a | N
09 g _n 28 tg S
| $ 12 2» S 5 E
*3 " I * S S
5 s » »i s j?
g 100 I 32 100 Si
i I I I ' I I I S
12 3 4 117 1
33 23 25 25 25 25 25 g>
c«w liwc * 24TM STREET £_¦ ij«c
~l I IT
ONLY ONE-THIRD CASH.
ONLY ONE-THIRD CASH.
Balance Ota Remain for 1. 2 or 3 Years
At SIX Per Cent.
STREETS SEWERED.
STREETS SEWERED.
24TH-ST. CARS PASS THE PROPERTY.
2*TH-ST. CARS PASS THE PROPERTY.
Property adjacent is building up very rapidly.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com-
pany will receive applications for policies of
Insurance on each lot for the nominal turn of
17 50.
FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS
Apply to
n. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
M MONTGOMERY ST.
¦ y
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do you realize that the growing city of San
Francisco has only : small area of
Ocean Beach?
Astounding prices will be obtained for lets
fronting the ocean In near future.
We oCer tbe only graded lots fronting right
on boulevard, ocean and park.
$450 to $1000 — Unobstructed ocean and park
view. Lots on easy terms. None like
them in this city. Selling rapidly at
our low prices and terms. Don't
miss this opportunity; see
them to-day.
$100 to $350 — Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Get off car at our Oceanside Branch 'Office on
corner H st. and 47th ave, open dally
and Sunday.
$300 to $1100— Choicest Sunset and Richmond
lots. On Installments.
$109 to $400 — L*vel Excelsior HemesteaJH lots,
near cars; $5 monthly.
$1250 to $3000— Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond. Oceanslde and Mission;
*- easy terms.
BOL GETZ * SON. Owners and Dealers.
Room 54. fourth floor. Chronicle bldg.
CREAM OF BUILDING LOTS.
GRAND DOWNTOWN SUBDIVISION.
Lots on north side of Green st., west of Van
Kess ave.. each 27:6x137:6. $3500.
Lots on west tide of Van Ness ave., between
Green tnd Union sts., each 27:6x101:7 4-5,
$9000.
Lots on south eide of Union st., west of Van
Ness ave., each 27:6x137:6. $3500. "---
Magnificent northwest corner of Van Ness
are. and Green st.
All lots level and on grade.
All street work done and accepted.
Act Quickly and secure ycur choice.
THORNE _ KILPATRICK.
312 BUSH ST. (Near Montgomery).
ONtT A FEW LEFT.
SI 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on street
grade: close to fine school; not far front the
Miaslon-st. electric cars; secure one as an
investment and by the time It Is paid for It
i will have doubled In value the way prices
have advanced during the past year; buy
bow before prices become prohibitive In this
rapidly growing section. HSftl
W. J. WHITE.
36 Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Main B"»4.
$1000 FOR 2 lots, northeast cor. Sanchez and
Palmer sta.: must be sold for mortgage; $250
down, balance J-'O per month. Cottages, 3V24
Army rt. and 37S0 Army St.; $2250. D. COF-
FIN. 2528 Mission st., near Twenty-first.
FOR sale — 3 colonial houses. 0 rooms, bath
and basement; beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny: east side of Tenth ave.. near
I et.. Sunset. Hallett _ Gee, on premises.
$1000 — COTTAGE. 4 rooms; large lot; near
Cortland-ave. School; $200 cash, balance
$8 per month: to close an estate. 3310 Mis-
tlon st.
A $2000 HOME built to suit yon. lc*. Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crosslcy bid.
ALL work cruaranteed first class by - AHL-
BACH fe MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
BAIT MATEO BEAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK — On tine of San Mateo electrl:
cars, 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.;
outside the fog belt and Just beyond where
the S. P. Co/s bay shore "cutoff will join
tbe main line: 50-foot lots from $400 up;
terms only $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
and water pipes. In front of every lot; pure
artesian well water; 175 lots , sold since
Augufct 1: sn exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot in this desirable section; take tbe
• / «l*ctrlc cars and get off at "LOMITA
PARK" and investigate; maps sent on ap-
- plica Hoa."" 1 — — h
&ELBY. RODGERS & CO.,
TeL Main 673. 116 California st.
&EAI i ESTATE \ TO , EXCH-JTQE.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley or S. F. property
tor ranches. J. H. EDSON. 14-13 Bacon
bUx-k. Oakland. ¦ - .
'^^^.; SOCIAS. -^ _ ¦ '
TROLLEY parties, dubs. , ; f raternlttesv lock
bare: a chance -to make -merry; cozy dance
ball - and dinners to suit any, purse at Ivy
' Gardens. Ocean Beach ; terminal . of electric
f ear lines. Make arrangements at room 211.
f - Mulrfaead building. Market and Larkln sta.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shlped. 7^.5-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st;
phone Mint 2041 ; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. ;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage ft Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prl. Ex. 5p.
CONKLIN'S Storage^ — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. I . W. Zehfuss."
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. ¦ 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
et.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
MwrarojttAOTrwM^iTO^ST^i^iXES^
WE shall close our retail office at 300 Post
st. Nov. 1 : we have a lot of new White
sewing machines that are slightly shopworn
that we shall positively sell at half price
or less before removal; our new retail office
Is located at 915 Market »t White Sewing
Machine Co. • :. ¦
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
I Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
: _______SS52__^5_!!5SI^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^5
TYPEWBITEBS AH?^ JffiSyffiSfjl^
XiT^cceptlonaUy good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
6mlth Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 836 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
STUTTERING- AKT> ST AMMEBggQ.
M'ELBOURNE'lnstltute. Van Ness »nd Market.
cures; estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 toapja.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Francis A. Forbes. 22. 1307 Pacific street,
and Katharine M. Speetzen. 21, 101S York st.
William A. Bristol. 19, 552 Minna street, and
Hannah Beach.. 16, 469 Bryant st«et ; d
Emlllo Garibaldi. 23. 1 Vallejo street and
Flora Garibaldi. 20, 1521V4 Dupont ¦ ¦treet.
Gustave O. Klotz. 26. Vallejo. and Grace B.
WUllam H. Burg'ett. 24. Healdsburg. and
Gertrude Maxwell. 23. Healdsburg.
Lothar Kemperman, 35. 525 Turk street, and
Anita B Chambless. 34. Hotel Pleaaanton.
Leon Marty. 20. 514 Bush street, and \lr-
glnle Toulze. 20. 632 Pine street.
Christian Thornagle. CO. 4320 Nineteenth
street, and Alice W. Black. 42. Vallejo.
Carlton A. Phllbrook, 25. Roes Valley, and
Ida B MacMullen. 23. 718 Point Lobos avenue.
Pascal P. Maussang, 21. city, and Bertha
Glasco. 18. city.
Jims— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by,
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
of chaxg<*.
BORN.
HARTJB— In this city, October 17. 1904, to
the wife of F. Hartje. a eon.
HEYMAN— In Alameda. October 12. 1904. to
the wife of Sam Heyman. a daughter.
VORDMAN— In Sunnyvale. Santa Clara Coun-
ty. October IS, 1904. to the wife of C.^Vord-
man. a daughter.
MARRIED.
HUME— HELMKE— In this city. October 22.
1004 by the Rev. George W. White, pastor
Central M. E Church. Roy W. Hume and
Sophia A. Helmke, both of San Francisco.
NORMAN— KELL— In this city, October 24.
1004. by the Rev. James H. N. "W llliams,
f Wilbur Norman and Grace Ethel Kell. both
of this city.
PATEK — ENGLANDER — In this city. October
i 24. 1904 by the Rev. Joseph Wlllner, Harry
Patek and Llllle Englander, both of this city.
REVERT— BUCKING— In this city. October
! 23. 1904, by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud, Albert
L. Revert of Tonopah. Nev., and Henrietta
M. Bucking of San Francisco.
. i>ijsd.
Anderson, Irene E, C. Jenkins. Tillle C.
August, Joseph Kennedy. John
Bayle, John ' Lange. Johanna
Cary, Grace M. Meyers, Lena
Chantry, Alden S. Mohr. Elizabeth
Clancy. Michael Muller, Oscar E,
Cooper Sobrina ' Nordllng. Maria M.
Costello. John Petersen. Gustav A.
Cox, James , Raymond, Frank
Cunningham, Clemen, Riordan, Edward M.
tlna T. Rossi. Minnie
Derham, Ellen B. Rulslnger. Annie M.
Drysdale. Charles M. Rutherford, Helen G.
Flvaz, Louis Schwabacher, Babette
Foose, Adele Terrier. Frank
Gould Seriah H. Turton. Harry
Haterius. Clarence E. Van Auken. Virginia
Hoffman. Bernard Walter. Rudolph W.
Hutchlns Lemuel W. Watson. Charles H.
Hynes, Bridget Wellington, Eldridge
ANDERSON— In this city. October 23. 1904.
Irene Emma Christine, youngest and belov«i
daughter of Andrew and Emilie Anderson.'
and sister of Elsie Anderson, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year and 13 days.
AUGUST— In this, city. October 25, 1904. Jo-
seph August, a native of Finland, aged 60
years.
BAYLK — In Reno. Nev.. October 21. 1904,
John, beloved husband of the late Catherine
Bayle. and father of Mrs. C. Artlgues. Mrs.
L. I-acaze and Miss' Catherine ' Bayle. and
father- ln-law of Charles Artlgues and Louis
Lacaze and brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
J. Barellles, and uncle of .Mrs. C. Barellles
of West Berkeley, Mrs. L. Lombard of Ala-
meda and Neolie,- Marie, Annie, Pierre and
Veronica Barellles, and grandfather of John
L., Franclne G., Joseph C. and Paul A.
Artigues. a native of France, aged 63 years
1 month and 23 flay*.
(CTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited td attend the funeral Weanes-
• day, October 26, at lp. m., from his lateN
residence, 1332 Fifth avenue. South San
Francisco, thence to Masonic Temple, Post
j and Montgomery streets, where services will
be held under the auspices of South San
Francisco Lodge No.' 212, F. and A. M.,
' commencing at 2 p. m., thence to Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets by electric car. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
Members of Beulah* Chapter No. 99. O. B.
S.. will please attend the funeral of our late
deceased brother,' John Bayle. to-day, at 2
p.m., from Mtisonlc Temple. Post and Mont-
gomery streets, where services will be held
under the auspices of South San Francisco
Lodge No. 212, F. and A. M.
MARY LADD, Secretary.
CARY— In this city. October 25. 1904. Grace
Mary Cary, beloved wife of Charles W. Cary.
mother of Clarence Pearce, and daughter of
Mrs. Alice Wolper, a native of New Or-
¦ leans, aged , 34 years and 15 days. (New
Orleans Picayune and San Jose papers please
copy.)
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:30 p. m.. from the parlors
of H. F.. Suhr ft Co.. 1137 Mission street,
; between Seventh and Eighth, thence to
Church of the Advent. Eleventh, street, near
Market. . where services will be ' held, com-
mencing at 1 p. m. Interment Mount' Olivet
Cemetery.
CHANTRY— In this city. October 25. 1904 Al-
den Schumate, beloved son of Samuel and
Rosle Chantry, and brother of Martha and
Eunice Chantry, a native, of San Francisco,
aged 8 months and 13 days.
CLANCY— In this city, October 23 1904,
Michael, beloved husband of 'Elizabeth
Clancy, father of Joseph H. Clancy son of
Martin : and the late Maria Clancy and
brother of Martin. John, Eugene, William
and Thomas Clancy. Mrs. P. Foley and Mrs
R. Groswird. a native of San Francisco"
aged 36 years 6 months and 15 days
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors
. of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 M.s
slon street, thence to- St. Joseph's Church"
where a requiem maas will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy ! Cross , Cemetery .^Mp^fmSq
COOPER— In this city. October 23 1904 So-
. brina Cooper, beloved wife of Cyrus' B
Cooper, and devoted mother of Zacharlah '<
Morse, Mrs. Tillle Piper.- Mrs. Lottie Bar
telow and Henry Morse, a native of • St
Louis. Mo., aged 59 years 1 month and 10
v cyFriends and acquaintances ' are resoect-
fully Invited .to attend the funeral services
Funeral ¦ takes place Thursday, October ">7
' 1904. at 1 p. m.. from her, late residence
810 Montgomery, street. Interment Mou£t_T»
View Cemetery. Oakland. . Jaounialn
COSTELLO— In ; this city. October 24 I9fti
John, dearly. beloved and only, son of 'Daniii
; and - the ; late Mary ': Costello? and lov?ni
brother of Mary . Costello. Mrs. Frank Co*
malch and the late ; Mrs. ' John ¦ O'BrlenT a ' ]
HENRY J. CALL ACHER 60:
(Successors to Flannagan -'Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEB8
. 20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln Schoot
* Telephone South 80.
UNITED UND
Funeral I Directors and ¦ Embalmersr-— — —
Formerly ' in Metropolitan . Temple '
NOW; at 866: MISSION.^; Tel. South 167
• Between Fourth and ; Fifth. -> near Fifth stL '
S Finest- Equipments ; at i Moderate < Ra_«. . "
BOOMS TO _ET Pnrn. ana TTnfnrn.
A LONE working girl would like respectable
young lady for roommate. Apply MISS L.
L... 834 O'Farrcll st.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store, 2 en-
trances, 1120 Market and 21 Turk— Electrlo
lichts; running water in every room: .200
rooms: 25c to 60c per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA, 1424 — Large, sunny rooms, well
furnished, hot and cold water, gas, phone,
bain; s-uit.-ilil> for 2 gentlemen or for gentle-
man und lady; other rooms. : .
CLEMENTINA, 320— Room to rent unfur-
nished. '.-. •¦/¦¦-¦:,-'¦ i ,-'-\ .
EDDY. 210^ — Sunny, front suite; also double
and single rooms; private; terms moderate.
ELLIS, 611— Newly furnished, sunny rooms;
$2 to $5 week; first-class, quiet; bath.
ELLIS, 1130— Handsomely furnished room;
suitable for 1 or 2; board If desired.
FRANKLIN, 721— Sunny furnished front room;
$10; all conveniences. • '
GEARY, 1225 — Large bay-window sunny room
for gentleman; modern, convenient; only $12.
GOLDEN GATE ave.,847., opposite Jefferson
Square — Furnished rooms, suite or single.
GRAND Southern,' 7th and Mission— Rooms S5o
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wit.; reading-room.
GRANT, 7— Nicely furnished, sunny suite; also
single rooms; $2 50 to $7 week.
HAWTHORNE. 8 — Large front room to rent.
HOWARD, 737 % — Furnished rms.; good loca-
tion; also some housekpg rms.; very reas.
HOWARD, 715— Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 2032— For doctor or dentist, an ele-
gant parlor Bulte with bath; private.
JESSIE, 363, east U. S. Mint — Nicely furnlsh-
ed rooms, double bed, $10; single rooms, $5.
KEARNY. 306, cor. Bush— Nicely furnished
. rooms; also housekeeping rooms and bath.
LANGTON. 21%, between Sixth and Seventh —
To let. furnished room with water.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third. sC — «0O
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and ' gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to Its guests.
MARKET, 719— Front suite rooms; newly ren-
ovated; prices reasonable.
MARKET. 917— Nicely furnished rooms to let.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 CO to $7 week; baths; elevator.
MINNA. 559 A— Furnished rooms; adults.
OAK. 42. near Van Ness ave. and Market it.—
Furnished sunny front parlor to let; rent
reasonable; German family.
PINE, 2786 — Sunny bay-window, 7 rooms and
bath: house completely furnished; yard;
basement; reasonable.
PINE, 1300. corner Hyde^ — Sunny corner «uite;
bath, phone. .
POLK, 1820— Newly furnished, sunny front
bedroom with bath; reasonable.
POST, 701, cor. Jones ¦ (Warren Aptmts) — Ele-
gantly furnished front suite, steam heat, gas
and electric lights, bell service, bath, phone,
running water, elevator; decidedly up-to-date
and for gentlemen only.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 60; week. $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH. 143 — Furnished rooms to let with
housekeeping privileges.
ST. REGIS. Hyde and Ellis— New house; new
furnishings; fresh and clean; hot and cold
water; baths; everything sanitary: elevator
tervice: if sunshine and cleanliness Is an ob-
, Ject see these rooms; $3 per week up.
STEVENSON^ C20— Sunny front furnished
room to let cheao.
SUTTER. 717— Sunny rooms, back or front;
grate, funning water; 8 minutes to town.
TAYLOR, 2t— Elegant front suites and single;
. hot water; steam heat; elevator; $20-$30 mo.
TAYLOR. 246— Nicely furnished room for 2
gentlemen.
TAYLOR, 624. near Butter— Sunny, front, bay-
window room; $12.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THB
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS, TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE, HOT AND COLD . WATER; • EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont. 3C1 Sutter— New brick bldg.,
finely furnished: hot, cold water, steam beat,
privilege to baths: $2 50 to $5 per week.
THIRD, 415B — Rooms, en suite and single,
$1 60 per week; modern flat; bath, laundry.
TWENTY-NINTH. 325.— Sunny room.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in <svery
room; elevator, read-room; free bus; baggage.
WALLER, 60, near Market — Large bay-window
front room; one or two gentlemen; $3 week.
WASHINGTON, 704— Furnished rooms to let.
WEBSTER, 1352— Sunny furnished front room,
suitable for gentlemen.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: %- to $8 week; elevator;
dec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furniehed rooms from 15c per night up; ele-
gant transient rooms, 50c per night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened : at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.
AlfD BOARD.
ST, GEORGE, 1618 Washington: Just open;
handsome, newly furnished, sunny suites; pri-
vate baths: single rooms; modern conven-
iences; excellent table board; reasonable rates.
LADY offers comfortable board and room for
$8 . month . in return for light duties. 1433
Eighth, ave., Sunset District, city.
COMMODIOUS room, suitable for two gentle-
men, with breakfast and dinner. $40 per
month. 1254 Eddy st. *
LIBERTY. 2, near Twentieth — Sunny room and
. board in private family; $6 weekly.
BOARD and room ; private family. 330 Te-
harna st.
CHESTNUT. 26G — Large sunny room with
board.".. . ;
COMORA, 621 O'Farrell— Desirable rooms;
just vacated; sunny; large grounds; board.
FIRST-CLASS room and board. $30; two. $50;
refined family; central. Box 8486, Call.
GEARY, 1052^ — Room and board for single
gentleman In private family.
HOWARD, 841A — First-class board and room,
single or double. $5 week; American family.
MASON.' C15A — Sunny front room,- with or
without board, for lady; private family. .
O'FARRELL. Oil — Nicely furnished rooms, en
: euite or i single. -, ¦
TWO adjoining rooms suitable for 2 or 3 men,
with or without board. 460% ; Natoma st.
ELLIS,' 1174— Single ,: room with flrst-clast
1. .; home board; 'young gentlemen;: references.; v |
PINE, 952— Beautifully furnished front con-
necting rooms;, will give 'breakfast.
ROOM and board with , private'"' family. 755
" Eddy Ef ;';. - •',. . ¦¦¦../ , . ¦„ . -;
SANCHEZ, 1 1241— Room with : board. .
Stevenson -'Mansion,' opp." Grace Church annex,
807 California— See rms. learn prices. try table.
WANTED — Two young gentlemen to room and
> board; reasonable.", 429 A Ellis sf 5Jggg3_g|fiB3
VAN '¦¦¦ NESS, : .700— Sunny I- front alcove suite;
¦. '¦• modern : conveniences ; ; home , cooking.
VAN NESS : ave..' 903— Large ' sunny ' room . for
.'<• two.' .with* board. . ,- ' ,. :*.•
, ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions = received at
.*.:-, Call branch office, cor.Duncan and Church sts.
, A . BRANCH of flee for. The ; Call for the . recep-
* tlon of advertisements and , subscriptions has
v been ¦ opened " at •'¦• 1008 ' Market St.. '-. opposite
r.. Fifth.' Open 'until .11,. p. m. :
BOOMS AM r SOABD WAar ""P-2l-
WANTED^In > nice j private -, family^ board * and
Kcare for, 2 baby girls 3 years.* Call 20 O*Far-
'-,: . rell : st.V room * 7. ¦-:.*¦;*;- ¦}• '"" ';*.- ¦'. v -•' r , ' .;.
I ' v-, ',';¦? ¦;/.;,; houses vwahted.^,;; •; / .¦¦/"¦:;
WANTBD^Oiie! furnished i housekeeping frbom ;
S4 month ; any location. ; Box 3891.'- Call. , ; -
native of PI ttsburg. Pa., .aged 2S years.
ETMembers of Company A. F-irst Califor-
nia Volunteers, and friends • and ¦ acquaint-
ances are respectfully Invited to attend tho
funeral to-day (Wednesday). at 8:30
a. m. from his late residence, 49 Gilbert
street, thence. to St. Rose"s Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 a.' m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COX — In this city, October 25, 1904. James
. Cox. a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. October 24, 1904.
at the Hotel Bella Vista, Clementina Tru-
"fant Cunningham, wife of the late Caleb
Lorlng Cunningham, a native of Bath. Me.,
aged 7S years and 7 months. (Boston. Mass.,
papers please copy.) -
Cy Interment private.
DERHAM — In this city. October 25. 1904.
Ellen Bertha, beloved daughter of Chris-
topher and Ellen Derham. sister of Richard
J., Catherine T. and Christopher G. Derham.
niece of Terence J. Derham. and cousin of
Mary Derham. a native of Woburn, Mass.,
aged 19 years 6 months and 25 days. „
DRVSDALE-In Oakland. October 24, 1904,
at the residence of his parents. Fifty-first
• street near "Broadway. Charles M.. beloved
eon of M. W. and Bridget Drysdale. a native
of Boston. Mass., aged 27 years 10 months
ana 8 days.
FIVAZ— fn this city. October 25. 1904. Louis,
beloved husband of the late Mary Flvaz.
and father of Henry L. Flvas. a native of
Switzerland, aged 65 years.
C7Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of Iaccherl, Duclos ft
Co.. 620 Broadway.
FOOSE— In this city. October 25, 1904 Adelt
Foose (nee Schwark), dearly beloved
wife of Charles A. Foose, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years 9 months and 18
days.
1 E7The funeral will take pla.es to-morrow
(Thuriday). at 1 p. m.. from the parlors of
Valente Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stockton street.
between Green and Union. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
GOULD— In this city, October 25. 1904. Seriah
II.. dearly beloved husband of Anna M.
Gould, a native of Maine, aged 67 years.
HATERIUS— In Vlnland. Fresno County, Sat-
urday October 22. 1904, at 11:30 a. m-.
Clarence Emanuel Haterius beloved son of
Rev Dr and Mrs. C. J. E. Haterius, and be.
loved brother of Ruth E., Eunice A., Carl
-r E Chauncey M. and Haunce O. W.
nkteri'us of 204 Dolores street, San Fran-
cisco a native of Saionville. Nebr.. aged 20
years 6 months and 21 days.. (Chicago papers
please copy.
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. October 26. at 2 £ m.. at th»
Swedish Lutheran Ebeneier Church. Fif-
teenth and Dolores streets. San Francisco.
Interment will take place at Randolph,
Kan*.
HOFFMAN— In this city. October 23. 1904.
Bernard Hoffman, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 26 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 p. m., from the mortuary
chapel of J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery
avenue.
HUTCHINS— In this city. October 23. 1904,
Lemuel William Hutchlns. a native ot
Maine, aged 71 years.
HYNES— In this city. October 25, 1904, Bridget
Hynes. a native of County Galway. Ireland,
aged 65 years.
CT Remains at the parlors of J. S. Godeau.
805 Montgomery avenue. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
JENKINS— In Davlsvllle. N. Y., October 25.
1904, TUlle Cecil, wife of the late Harry "W.
Jenkins of New York City, and mother of
Harry C. Jenkins of San Francisco and Mrs.
J. Warren Cutler of Rochester, N. T.
KENNEDY— In this city, October 22, 1904.
John, beloved husband of the late Ellen
Kennedy, and father of John Joseph Ken-
nedy, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 75 years.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis.
elon street, , thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at & a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LANGE— In this city. October 24, 1904. Jo-
hanna, beloved wife of John C. R. Lange,
and mother of Mrs. Elise Steward of Spo-
kane. Wash., Edmond Lange and Mrs. Em-
ma Bosselman. a native of Germany, aged
79 years 11 months and 5 days.
E3 ''Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tbe funeral Wednes-
day. October 26, 1004. at 10 a, m., from her
late residence. 624 Washington street, thence,
to Third , and Townsend streets by 11 :30
a. m. train. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
MEYERS— In this city. October 24. 1004. Lena
Meyers, beloved daughter of Mrs. N. Kun-
dig, a native of Schaffhausen. Switzerland,
aged 42 years 4 months and 2 days.
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 p. m.. from the par-
- lors of H. F. Suhr - ft Co., ¦ 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 3:30 p. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
MOHR — In this city, October 24, 1904. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of the late Jacob Mohr
of Germany, and devoted mother of Henry,
Jacob A.. Fred W., John. Herman and
Emma Mohr and Mrs. H. Bush, a native of
Hessen, Darmstadt, Germany, aged 57 years
9 months and 7 days.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 a. m., from the resi-
dence of her son. 169S San Jose avenue,
Sunnyslde.
MULLER— In this city. October 24. 1904.
Oscar Emil Muller, beloved husband of the
late Consullm Victoria Muller of Lausanne,
Switzerland, a native of Hamburg. Ger-
many, aged 79 years 4 months and 14 days.
CyKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 a. m., from the funeral
parlors of the H. F. Maass Company. 917
Mission street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cem-
etery.
NORDLING— In Alameda, October 24, 1904.
Maria M. Nordling. beloved mother of Alice
D., Anna E. and Carl Nordllng, a native of
Finland, aged 3S years 4 months and 2S days.
PETERSEN — In this city. October 24. 1904,
Gustave Alger Petersen. dearly beloved son
of Anton and Augusta Petersen, and brother
of Alice Petersen. a native of California,
aged 9 years and 11 months.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, October 26. at 1 p. m., from the par-
lors of H. P. Petersen. 228 McAllister street
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
RAYMOND — In this city. October 25. 1904.
Frank Raymond, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 78 years. .
RIORDAN— In this city. October 25. 1904 Ed-
ward Martin, beloved son of Patrick and
Lucy Riordan, and brother of May. John
and Nealie Riordan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 0 months and 4 days.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 a. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, eoi Third street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROSSI— In this city. October 25 1904. Minnie,
dearly beloved wife of Joseph' A. Rossi, lov-
ing mother of Evelyn. Lo!lta and Olive Ro«sl
sister of Mrs. L. Clodl. Mrs. A. Hlrsch!
Mrs. E. Lanlgan. Mrs. W. Nixon and Miss
Julia Kind and of the late Harry Kind, and
daughter of the late Richard and Adelaide
Kind, a native of San Francisco.
C?"Frl2nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
October 27, 1904. at 10 a, m.. from her late
residence. 2108 Union street.
RUISINGER — In this city, October 25. 1904
Annie M. Rulslnger. beloved daughter of
Ellen Sullivan, and loving sister of T J
Edward P. and George R. Sullivan and Mri'
George Bigelow. a native of California
_7"Frlends are respectfully invited to' at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday) at
8:30 a. m.. from the parlors of Carew ft
English. 29 Van Ness avenue, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her souL
commencing at 0 a. m. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Kindly
or»»lt flowers. *
RUTHERFORD— In this city. October 25 1904
at the residence of her parents. 11 Duboce
avenue. Helen- G. Rutherford, dearly be"
loved daughter of Thomas and Mary Ruther-
ford, and beloved sister of Andrei Ruther-
ford, a native of San Francisco. ,
SC iSS' A « A k CHER — ln thls c "y. October 23.
1904 Babette Schwabacher. beloved mother
of Mrs. Louis Goodman. Lewis M Schwa-
«^k" a , nd , Mra ,- Sigmund Schwabacher a
native o f Bavaria. Germany, aged 01 ye'ars
4 months and 11 days. (Walla Walla. Wash ?
£r,£ an £ N - 7- paper » P' ea » e copy.) *
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
™ , y r.H nVUe^ tO v. ""o*-"" 1 th « funera! servile,
Thursday. October 27, at 9:45 a. m. at her
late residence." 2419 Webster street V "liter.
ment J2? me of P«ace Cemetery by train ieav.
ing Third and Townsend streets at 11*30
a. m. Please omit flowers.
TERRIER— In this city. October 25. 1904
r 5 n ?'.i,? OU 5 sest * nd ' w ««<> »°n of Frank
and Llllle Terrier, brother of Frances. Lll-
i 11 ? a i nd:R E ?-?m TeiT « r - and sramlson o ' f Mr .
and Mrs. William Higglns. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 12 days
TURTON— In Fresno. October 24, 1904 " Harry.
beloved son of Annie H. and the late Henry
Turton of Lahalna.- island of Maul. Territory
of Hawaii, and brother of the late Frank
N. Turton.
IE7Remalns at the funeral parlors of the
H. F. Maass Company. . 917 Mission street.
Ex-members of Company F. First Califor-
nia .Volunteers, and friends of the late Ser-
- geant' Harry.. Turton are requested. to meet
the undersigned at the armory of Battery A
First Artillery Reghnent. N. G. C. .813 Ellis
street. Thursday evening at 8:30 o'clock
JOHN A. MILLER.
VANAUKEN— In this city.- October 23, 1001
Virginia C. -Van Auken. beloved wife of Lev!
Van . Auken, a native of New Jersey. ~ aged
. 55 years and 8 months. .
WALTER— In this city. October 23. 1904, at
hU residence,*: 15C5Vi Market street Ru-
.' dolph ¦William." beloved husband of the late
Ellnore Walter, and father of Henry Walter
Mrs. Annie Fulton. -Mrs. 'Nora Williams and
the late Mrs. ¦ Emma . Mette. Mrs Mlnnla
' \ Staunton and s Mrs. < Lizzie Parham "of : \tarZ
Ialand ' and William Schilllnsky , of TowU.
Cal.. a native of Germany, aged 77 yean 10
months and 12 days.
(CRemains will be forwarded to Dutch
' Flat. Cal.. on October 27 for Interment.
WATSON — In this city. October 23, 1904.
Charles Hunter, beloved husband cf Stella
' E. Watson, and father of Eunice F. Watson
a native of Lincoln, 111., aged 3:! years lit
months and 23 days. (Lincoln. 111., and Pu-
eblo Colo., papers please copy.)
CTFriends. acquaintances and neighbors
of Golden West Camp No. 74S. Woodmen of
the World, are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Wed-
nesday), at 1:30 p. m.. at the chapa of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1300 Miutoa
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
•WELLINGTON— In this city. October 2+ W04
Eldridge G.. beloved husband ot Alice Wel-
lington, brother of Mrs. J. W. Glenn of
Stockton, and cousin of Mrs. John de An-
gells. a native of New Orleans, aged 54
years.
E7Interment Stockton. Thursday, October
27. 1904. at 2 p. m.NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— COTTON— Futures
opened steady. October, 9.58c; November
0.50c; December. 9.66c; January, 9.74o • Feb
ruary, offered 9.82c; March, 9.85c; April 9 88c-
May. 9.90c; June. 9.92o bid; July, 9 94e "bid '
Futures closed steady. October, 0 61c- No.
: vember. 9.62c; December, 9.79c; January 9 87c-
May^aO^ 8 ' 910 ' • MarC - 9 " 96C: A P rt '.' » : »8ci
Spot closed. quiet, 10 points advance. Mld
1 dling uplands, lO.OSo; middling gulf, 10.30c.
Sales, 563 bales.' '
New York Grain and Produce. •
,,*J5 W YORK. Oct." 23.— FLOUR— Receipts'
45,600; exports, 4000 barrels. Market quotably
higher, with demand fair. Minnesota patents
$6 2O©<5 60; winter patents, $5 60©6- winter
straights. $4 50@5 65; : winter extras, $3 C0#
4 25; winter low grade, $3 40@4 05./
. WHEAT— Receipt*. 15.500 bushels; .sales,
• 4,500,000 bushels. Spot easy. No. 2 red. i\ 21%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth $1 272
f. ©. b. afloat. _.T^: "
Options were generally weak 'and lower to-
Sf y - i 1 ??*?)^? , 8h £ w * d . decline.'
May $1 1S%<Q1 15%, closed $1 U; December .
$1 18H01 13%. closed $1 18H: ¦• 1^°" ml>er>
HOPS— Firm.-
HIDES— Firm. ' :>;•-•
WOOL— Firm, pttj ¦
PETROLEUM— Steady. %
COFFEE— The market for coffee futures
closed weak at a declin» of 10@15 points Total
sales? 60,750 bags, including: November. 6.50c-
December, &60o;^Aprll,'.i 6.70c; January, 6.80®
6.85c; March. 6.80<8>7o. ; Spot Rio quiet. No^f
invoice. SHo; mild, quint. " : - - • . -'
• SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 8%e:
eentrifugal, 90 test, 4%o; molasses sugar. 8Ho
Beflnedj. quiet. ' =-
BUTTER — t T nohang*d.
CHEESE — Easy. *; .
EGGS— Uncharged. ¦ . ; ' •- .'••.'
DRIED FRUITS.
ETVAPORATBD APPLES— The market Is
quiet, but with supplies light. ' Prices are
steadily held. Common are quoted at 4®4V4c 
prime. 4»4@5e, and choice, 5'/i@o^c; fancy,
6®7C. . v ¦ ¦ ¦¦'.'¦ • - - -.--, - ;•
PRUNES — According to coast advices
prunes are scarce for both the small and large
sizes, while intermediate supplies ¦ are " easily
obtained. - Th* ton* ia steady, .with quotations
still ranging from 2 to 5%c, demand being
limited. • ''/-v-'Mi.'^^'V^^^-v:
APRICOTS— Ar* firm. Supplies light at all
points apparently, and while demand Is not
active holders appear confident as to an ulti
mate market around present or possibly higher
quotations. - Choice are 9Hc; > extra choice,
10U©10He, and fancy, ll@13c. ¦¦ '
. PEACHES — Ar* in practically the same posi
tion as apricots. Choice are 8V4@3}§*;/ fancy,
8H©l0o: '¦•-;; ' -¦ - ¦-.:>¦¦
New York »Ieta'l Market.
: NEW YORK, Oct. ¦ 26.— Spot: tin' was 'un
changed in tbe - London market," being ' quoted
at £130 ' 12s - Od, . while •¦, futures were a - little
higher at £129 15s. ¦ Locally the market 'was
littlo easier in sympathV, with sp\>t quoted: at
$2» 50©28 75. i ¦.';<;¦ .-..•.. :
-Copper was a little Irregular In London, spot
/ clostng unchanged "at -'.«60 11s 6d< and futures
a shade . higher at " £>'H> '¦ 7s 6d. .' Locally - the
market was firm. . ' Lace is quoted . at ¦ $13 25O
13 50, electrolytio at:,» $13 12%@13 87% and
casting, at $13018. 12»6. .:
Lead was unchanged at £12 Is 6d in Lon
don. Locally prices ' i'anyed \ from 54 20 : , to !
Spelter, unchanged ' at ' $5 30® 5 35 '.. in r New
York, but was a little higher in London, > where
It • closed at £23 7s - 6d. ._' ¦ . -. --¦..-.-, -..¦¦¦.
- Iron closed at 60s 7d in' Glasgow aiid *44s lUd
In Mlddlesboro. Locally iron • is steady. ,"7 "-7
Available Grain Supply, ,
. NEW, YORK,' Oct; 25.— Special cable"and til-"
f graphic communications v received* by-; ¦ Brad'
street's? show • the; following? changes; In
able supplies,, as compared- with last account: -
•V Wheat— United EUtes and Canada.- east \ of
XEW TORK, Oct. 25. — Union Pacific *old
as high as 112 to-day and th* aggregate deal
ings'in that atock footed up to 300,600 shares.
These astonishing occurrences were the c-ntral
factors frosi which all others radiated and
there is little left to - say of the market ex*
cept Xs terms of wonder at Its dimensions and
Its erratic variety. Tbe final break w*» from
c. rush to take proSt* en the day's enormous
trading uj en a bear raid. There has been
a larger number of shares of a single stock
dealt in during- one day than there was to-day
of Union Pacific. In • fact that etock itself
broke that record • on April 24, l»03, • when
6K3.800 shares tvere sold on the Stock Ex
cftasre. The world now known that com
petitive buying In retaliation for the effort
to control North-srn Pacific was the cause of
that Titanic struggle in the open market. On
Aprtl 15, 1002. there were 854.5O0 shares of
Southern Railway dealt In on the Stock Ex
change, pending the settlement of control of
Louisville end Nashville In the general In
terest of the Southern railroad field. "With
these exceptions to-day's dealings In Union
Pacific probably f orar a Record. The* pub
lished assertion that the retirement of the
Oregon Short, line . participating bonds had
been determined upon was the Inciting cause
of this extraordinary movement.. The. truth
of this report could nf>t be learned from any
official aourc". The exact benefits to accrue
to Union' Pacific, were not'V6ry obvious.. AI
thourh tbe injunction against the payments of
dividends on Northern > Securities. stock. . which
New Tork Stock Market.
BAGS — Grain Bags, $3Q5 25; San Quentln.
$4 50; Wool Bags. 3O®32c; Fleece Twine 7Hc;
Fruit . Bags, 6Vi@7%c for white* and ' 7c for
Cbrown Jute. * *
¦CANNED FRUIT— Following are price* for
the 1904 pack:. •..'':¦•¦*
m m a m
¦ ¦{•'• bbJI p 6
* »• 3 O
\ ¦ °" I" •£• ¦ -a
• - FRUITS. B>* » c. ' ™
:.7... ..:-:. _ I f i I'
Apples .......... ... $1 55 $1 30 $1 20 $1 10
Apricot* ..... 1 28 1 13 1 OS
Blackberries .....>. 1 60 1 35 1 25 1 13
Cherries. Royal Anne... 2 10 1 SO 165
Do White 2 00 1"65 ..'.
Do, Black 1 80 1 65 130.....
Grapes. Muscat ........ 1 25 1 10 '1 00 - 90
Nectarines ....::....... 1 60 1 23 N l 13 1 09
Peaches. Yellow ........ 1 75 1 35 1 25 ' 1 15
Pears Bartlett ........ 1 90 1 60 1 60 1 SO
Plums.' Green Gag* .... 1.35 110 100 SO
Do. Damson ........ 1 40 1 15 1 OS 1 OO
Raspberries 2 50 2 23 2 00 1 90
Strawberries ............ 2 00 1 73 -1 60 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomato^ 2H-lb
standards. 65(3 70c; gallon standards. $2; i-lb
solid pack. 87 Vi ©00c; Green Peas — Baby petit a
pois. $1 60; petlti poi* $1 35; ¦ extra sifted.
$1 15; standard sifted. $1; standards, .83090c:
Marrowfats. S5@37^ic f. o. b. San Francisco.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per . ton; » New Wel
lington. $8:" Seattle, $8 50; Bryant. $8 50;
Beaver Hill. $3 60: Roslyn. - 17; Coos Bay.
$3 50; 1 Richmond, $7 50: Cumberland. $13 in
bulk and $14 25 in -sacka; Pennsylvania. An
thracite Egg, $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 50913 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks*
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 60 per short
ton/ lJg^Jtf t * >^^^li^ l "'W*BaHBBgr«MBB»»g
PACIFIC. CODFISH— Bundles, per lb.
4Hc; cases, regular. $5 65; cases, extra targe,
fl^c;' Eastern style. 8%c; boneles*. 6Hc
"Norway," 6^c; "Narrow Ga«ge." 6»4e- "Sil
ver King," 7%c: blocks," ''Oriental." 6Hc:
blocks, " "Seabright,** 7c; . tableu 7\ic- mid
dles,'7©9%c; fancy boneless. 9HG9%c: pickled
Cod. bbls. $8; pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 75. .
CORDAGE— Some kinds are Ijc lower Th*
local company quotes as follow*; 60 days or
V, per cent discount for cash, no sales under
10,000 lbs: Manila. 1414 e: Sisal. 9%e; Du
plex.-- 8%c; ~ Bal* Rope. , 10*i@ll Vio per lb.
- « COFFEE — Costal Rica — Nominal ; 1 4@15U O
foc-strict^r prime to fancy washed; 12 ft tt 13^o
for prime washed; ll\j@12t;c for good washed;
ll«4@13c for good to prime washed peaberry;
lCsSllc : for j good ' to prime i peaberry; llftvi Uc
; for good to prime; 9S10%c for fair; 7^®sji.o
; for ; common = to ordinary. > '*&9&J*&*iBmm*mSd$
--:¦¦¦ Salvador— 13314c for fancy washed, nominal:
12ei2=fco : for strictly . prime ¦ washed, nominal:
"The situation remained practically : the same
yesterday.' -• Butter - continued' -to shade ' off,
while ' fin* ranch Eggs were firm. - with < stocks
closely cleaned ' up. ... Cheese continued • as be
fore , stated. ¦- Stocks ol* Butter in some houses
were: excessive and^ were being freely; offered
at ! 26@27c. ¦•;' which were . the ruling 0 quotations
for ; fine * creameries." - 8om« • houses, who were
out ' of > «tock, quoted a : top price : of . 2Sc . but
they iwere " in , the ' minority. Any. close buyer
could get ' all the - fine , creamery - he wanted at
27c. ' Some changes In ¦ cold-storage goods will
b* 'observed. ¦:.•¦-•' ~ = ---¦>-'.:¦ -'-'-.---' •¦-¦¦¦ . •';¦¦.
•¦'¦ Receipts were ' 86,400 : lbs . Butt*r, "¦ C93 < cases
Eggs and 4500 lbs;Chees*. . • - ,
BUTTER— Creamery . at. first hands, 26@27c
for extras and - 20®25c for -. lower to medium
grades: dairy. : 20@24c; •¦ cold , storage, 20923c;
store ¦ Butter. » 17@19c; t Eostern • 1-lb .; square*,
26c:. Eastern cubes. 18@22Hc; Eastern ladle
packed. 15@16c. - :-i-- -; . . .. •..-¦¦ .-.
j CHEESES— 11%©12%c . for, choice mild new
snd ,9@10o • for/, old;, cold storage. -10%@llc;
Young Amerlqas, ll^@12c; Eastern, 10@15«
per -lb."' : -'¦."• S'ii*. *?¦¦¦•*'¦** --'i:,-: ¦"¦':. ¦?¦¦¦¦>< : ;->-.-, ;
- . EGGS— Ranch.*' «®42%c for.- large .white se
lected, 39©40c for good to choice and 36©38c
for common: -¦'; cold ;• storage,', 25©30c; store,
nominal ; > Eastern. - 25@>28c • for 1 choice. ; 2S#25c
for ' standard* and 21® 22c for seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs, v
Exchange and," Bullion.
The China took out a treasure list of $210, -
253, consisting of $4993 in '¦- Mexican dollars.
$2265 ia gold coin and $160,000 in silver, bul
lion for Hongkong and $43,000 in silver bullion*
fdV Bombay. ¦¦-¦ ¦ ' ' ;• V ' . •:
Changes > in ' financial ' rates were narrow. • '.- ¦¦:'.
. The steamer - JJoric, ; which arrived > Monday,
brought 1,000,000 Japanese gold yea from.To
kohama to ¦ the . following ; banks : , Hongkong
and ,- Shanghai • Banking , Corporation, . • 600,000,
and.Anglo-Callfornlan Bank (Limited). 500,000.;
Slnce-December 1,-1903., the total • imports of
Japanese gold yen at, this port have amounted
to $4\C73,900. ¦>¦ - ¦-¦¦••--.¦ . ¦¦' .— .,
.Sterling : Exchange, alxty „ dayi ...•—. f 4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight . . . . . . . . — 4 88%
Sterling ¦ Exchange, cables ...;.. — < 4 87U
, New York Exchange,'; sight fr.'mvf ~ 07% :
Newa York : Exchange, (telegraphic. — 10
Silver.. per ounce/......'....' '..* — ' '68U'
Mexican Dollars .-..":............ 45%'@ 46
.. INTERNATIONAL. -.
' New iYork v on "Paris. .... ;..... . .". . . . . .;5.i5«z'
New York . on ; Mexico."^ V Jt ,1 iT« ,".:'.• ;r. . ;.215%
. Paris ; on London . .". ...'.. .V. .•:".*. ..'...;. •,2oai^
i Berlin; on: London' ;: .\ :.".*.........; ,..-.20.44' '
r ,r.W'heat t and;Other..Grains. .¦*
WHEAT fIrEIGHTS— Spot rates l*maln a*
before, viz. : ::-¦ 21s ? 3d@22s ; 6d ,- for ,Wheat ' and
22s 1 6<1@23s 9d . for Barley, usual European op -
; tlons,%^wlrh ¦< not %¦ many -'¦ charters <¦• being v drawn •
r . the! moment.^tThe chartered -Wheat 1 fleet i In
port' has a, registered. tonnage of 31,640, against
1 34, 600 : tons I on I tbe I same . date . last I year; | dis
ensrared. 86,160 X tons, •; against ' 118,135; on • th©
LOCAL. MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Oct. ?5.—- Money en rsH
0t*ad7. 1%O2 per cent; dosing bid. 1^; of
fered at 2.
Time loan* — Easy aad dull. Sixty days, B
per cent; ninety days and eix months,- Shi Per
cent.
Prime ta*rcantile paper^ — «®3 per cent.
Sterling exchange — Firm, with actual busi
ness lc bankers' bills at $4.862534.6630 for de
mand aad at $4.fcS£»34.83S5 for sixty day bills.
Posted rate*— *4 S4% and $4 87.
Commercial bills— $4 S3%@4 83%.
Bar silver — KUc.
Mexican dollars— 46%c.
Govercmente bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
firm.
New Tot* Money Market.
KASTEKN JIARJ5JETS.
General Merchandise.
. Receipt* - of Poultry from domestic points
were heavy and the market developed an easier
tone, as : trade . was . still handicapped by the
continuance of the poultry dressers' strike, 'and
.it. was reported ' that several cars of Western
stock were .rolling this: way. There was no
actual decline, in prices of chickens, . although
dealers were ; willing to make concessions- to
large buyers. * - ;-
There were no changes in Game. Receipts
were liberal ' and some : of - the arrivals were
, overheated and sour. " Only sound Game - Is
quoted. - ."
POULTRY— Live -Turkeys, old. 14@16c per
lb for Gobblers . and 15@17c for Hens ; young
.Turkeys. 20@22c per lb; Geese, per pair. $1 6O
0-2; Goslings.. $2@2 25; Ducks. $4 50@5 per
dozen ¦ for old and $5@6 ' for young; Hens,
$4 50© 5 for small and $."> 50@6 for large; young
Roosters, $5 50@6; old Roosters. $4 50@5; Fry
ersi $4 50©5 ; Broilers, . $304 ; Pigeons. - $1 23
per dozen - for old and $2@2 25 for Squabs ¦;>:¦'
'. ¦' GAME— Mallard Ducks, v $3@6 per dozen;
Canvasback $406; Teal, $2 5003;- Sprig, $2®
2 50; Widgeon, $1(3:1" 75; Red Heads,:$2i32 50;
small- Ducks, $1 60@l 75: Gray Geese, . $4 :
White Geese.- $1@2; Brant," $1 60®2 50; Snipe.
r3 for English 'and $1' 60 for common; Doves.
1@1 25;4Hare, $1 75@2; Rabbits. .$2 for Cot
tontail and $1 50 for Brush. ; ;
Poultry and Game.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ' Dec. March.
Opening :...... 7 5 7 6%
Closing • . 7 5.H , 7 6%
/ 1 l'~-: 'PARIS. - s '
Wheat—' Oct. Jan.-Apl.'
Opening..... 23 25 24 45
Closing .23 10 24 30
Flour —
Opening v .... 30 70 32 00-
Closing ...... 30 65 . 81 90
' Boston Wool Market. v •
BOSTON, Oct. 25. — The wool market is ac
tive and - firm- and during the past week\ has
taken on at times ,a feverish tone. Further
advancement in /prices - seems - under way.
Both large and small. mills are sharing in the
free | buying. B Terrftory wools are nrm, with
the greasy price practically unchanged.
;/> St. Louis Wool Market. V
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 25.— WOOL— Steady.' : Me
dium - grades, - combing and clothing, 20@26c;
light fine- 18@20c; heavy fine, ~17@18c; tub
washed, 22@36c. .' - j. :• .V
Northern Wheat 'Market.
• ;oregon. .';.: :¦:;. ¦;, /
PORTLAND, Oct. ' 25.— Wheat for export:
Walla Walls,' 83c; bluestem, 86c; valley, 85c
For Eastern market: Walla Walla, 84o; blue
stem. 87c. . :• : • .
. 'WASHINGTON.,
TACOMA, Oct. 25.— Wheat, unchanged.
Blnestem, ,- 89%c; ; Club, 85%c v.. s . , ;
¦ • Northern Business. '
- SEATTLE. OcC , 25.— Clearings, $884^641 :
balances, $213,573. ¦¦:..
.TACOMA, Oct. 25.— Clearings. $627,231;
balances. $62,259. . - . - - , •
. PORTLAND, .Oct. 25.— Clearings, $677,905;
balances, . $94,990. : i > :\ ;-..?¦
-SPOKANE,' ,-. Oct. 25.-iCIearlngsi, $396,156;
balances, $29.672.' ,, - ,
Xew York Cotton »Iarket.
MISCELIiANEOUS MARKETS.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40(9
43 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers,' 7Vi®7^c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5HS 6^c: thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — 4®4 Vic per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%63%c; Ewes. 3<J3Ue
per lb (gross weight).
. LAMBS— $2 60«2 .75 per head.
HOGS— Live .Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4 He; 130 lbs and under. 4 He;
ovep 250 lbs, 4%c; soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off,
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. g|i, iiw^wMiiji'iWm''<i | Hii 1 1
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
' Wholesale rateg from slaughterer* to dealers
are as foiriTws:
. BEEF — 5@7o for Steers ' aad 4Q3c per ' lb
for Cows. ? - A •
VEAL— Large. «^@7»4c: small. 7Q0e per'Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 707%O; Ewes. 6070 per
pound.
•LAMB — S(@9c per'Ib. *¦*
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6®8c per lb.
The situation remains unchanged, all de
scriptions, live 'and dressed, being- la ample
supply at previous prices. ¦ '
Meat Market.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 25.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury shows: .Available cash
balance, $144,275.591; gold, $79,796,333.
Fresh supplies of miscellaneous vegetablea
were not marketed until late, the boats being
delayed by the fog on the bay. The market
was fairly active and steady during the early
trade, except for String and Wax Beanl, which
were in increased supply and lower.
-POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 40<3>
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1@>1 35 per ctl;
River Reds 75® 85c per ctl ; Sweet Potatoes,
75<ff«0c per ctl.
ONIONS— $1 35@1 60 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — 8tring Beans. 2®3c per
lb;*Wax Beans. -2@3c per lb; Lima Beans.'
4}j@5c per lb •¦ Tomatoes, 25® 60c per box; Sum
mer Squash. ¦ 50@65o per box: Cabbage, epe'per
ctl; Carrots, .75c per sack; Cucumbers, 30®50c
per box;. Garlic, 4 V4@4>4c per lb; Egg. Plant,
30@40c per box; Dried Peppers, nominal; Green.
Okra. 50@75c per box; Green Peppers, 25©40<T
per box; Mushrooms. 12^@17%c per-lb; Mar
rowfat and . Hubbard Squash, $10®12 per ton.
The Potato market waa still overloaded with
river Burbanks and all dealers were complain
ing of the extreme dullness of trade." -The
accumulation of supplies on the Jackson -street
wharf was so heavy that the river boats had
to go to another pier to discharge. - Sweet
Potatoes and Onions were . reported steady at
unchanged rates." ¦ ¦?'.' ;• ¦.. ? :
Potatoes, Onions arid* Vegetables.
Local Securities Again Active, Crpo*
clally Bonds.
Business was brisk on the Bond Exchange,
especially la bonds, which sold heavily to the
amount of $208,000. Changes la stocks wer*
few. th* most Important being a further da
din* In Alaska Packer*, which dropped below
the $100 mark, sailing at $98 509100; closing
at $'t0 bid. Hawaiian Commercial was lower
at $68 and Gas and Electrta at $98 DO.
Then was nothing new la ta» oil or mtaja*
stocks,
Ex-dlvld«nd yesterday: Northern California
Power Company, tegular monthly, 60 pea
share, amounting to $3000. Th« HomMtaka
Mining Company of South. Dakota, a regular
monthly dividend of 23c. Th* American Smelt
ing and Refining Company, a regular quarterly
dividend of 1*» per cent on th* common stock.
Hanford Oil Company has declared a divi
dend of' $2 per share, payable October t&
The United States Express Company baa de
clared a regular semi-annual dividend of 2 p«r
cent on th* capital stock, payable N«remb*» 15.
The annual me*tlng of th* stockholders of
tha San Francisco Saving* Union haa b*»a
called for November 9. as November 8. th«
regular date for the meetlar, will b* eleoUoa
day and a l*gal holiday.
¦Th* Stock and Bond Exohang* haa-pULMd
$20,000,000 of th* United RaUroads -ODtfca
Francisco 4 p*r cant bond* 00 its oCBotal list. - - 1
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Oct r 35— » P, «¦. ,
UNITED STATES BOIfM.
Bid. Ask-L . ..:BML Aafc.
4s qr coui>..106«410«% 4» qr op n*w. — .JWJ4
4s or r*g-..10«%10e%l8s qr coup....— 168%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW B«.- - OakTCo«s.l» Xtt*
Asso Oil 6a. 7» ¦ — Do 5* ..;,.."*# — .
Bay CPC 5*.1O1 102 Do oaa Ba.108% —
Cal C G 5S.102V4 — Oceanic S B*. — W
Cal G * E g. Om Cable «a-120H —
m & ct 5*. 80% — Pac O Im 4a. — «JT
Cal-st C 6..114i, _ P E Ry 5. .10**108 :
C C Wat 6s. — • 99 P A C H fls.104 *- .
EdL A P «s.l25 ¦-:—¦; P A O R 8^U4%UI
F & C H 6s. — — Powell-st fl*. — \— *
Oeary-st 5s.. 60 — Sao BOAR9*.103 > — •
H CAS Stts.108 — SF A- SJV8s.ua" — ¦
Do 5s .... 99<i — Sierra R 6*.' -— ¦— -
Hon R T 8*.107% — S rot A to *
L A Eleo B9. — 108% . «909> 10SU10*-
L A Ry 6s. .118 — • (1910) .....100% — .
L A I* Co C* — — 8 P of . O «s * *
Do gtd 6s. — — (1906)Sr.A.101 101#
Do gtd 5S.101 10»H (19O5)Sr B.10OU —. \ -
LAP. lem 58.102 —,- . a9OB) . 104H .— ,
Mkt-st C 68.116 — (1912> .....1l3*i.—^
Do lem 5s.lie«J117 8PC 1 eg >.1HH — •*"'
MV* MtT5s.lO9 111 I Do stampd-H^ — •'
NRR of C6S.106 100^1 S P B R 68.134 : 133 t,V
Do 6s ....117%— 13 V. .Wat Ai.in444104%
N P C R 6*-107, — Do 4s 2dra.l0«%101H
NCRrh..- 112 Do 4s 3dm. 9ft% — .
N C P C 5».-9« 99 I DogmUU99 — .
N 9 R R B*.101H — tStkn GAEBs. IW — -
OO LAH 5*. — U0%\v G A E 5s.lO2J4 —
O W rtd'Bs. — 100 fUR of SF 4s. 83ft < 83%
WATER STOCKS.'
Contra Costa — 33 (Port Costa —
Marin Co... — 60 IS V Wat Co- 39 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. 3% 3 T /»[S P G A,E. 5». 56%
Mutual B U — 12 StknOAB. — 8^9
Pao L Co... 59% BOtti U G A 5 Co. — —
INSURAl^CB.'
Flrem's Fnd.S10 340 I
¦MMI BANK STOCKS.
Am NU Bk..lM 130 {L P A A 150". —
Anslo-Ca! ..85 \fer Trnstr.... — 235
Bank of Cal.422%430 Merch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. -^. 150 S F Nattonl. — »-
First Natlonl — —
• SAVIXO3 BAXK3. QH|
Ger S A L.2330 — |Sav A L So.. — 100 •
Hum S A L. — — ISeeSavBk..— 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 I Union T Co..:— - — •
STKKKr RAILROADS.
California .. — 199 jPresidio ..... JS 40
• SUGAR. ' .T - - * 4 *
Hawaiian C. 6B 67 IMakaweil C 2S •'— »i.'
Honokaa S C 14% H T V Onomea S C. 2S'i 29
Hutch 3 P C 9H 10- tpaauhau 3 C 14% 13
KJlauea S a .3 ~. I . :> : . . '>
~ MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 9t> 09%jOceanic S Co. 3U 3%
Cal F C A. 9f> , " 90% I Pac Aux FA. « V— <
STOCK MARKET.
The feature of th* market yesterday was the
excessive receipts of Beans, amounting to
19.873 sacks, making 26.654 for the nrst two
days of the week. Damp Beans constitute the
bulk of the arrivals, as frequently mentioned
of late. > and depress the market by causing
buyers to hold off. The movement is conse
quently slow and prices remain unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos $2 75®3; Pea, $3 10S3 25;
Butters $2 75@3; small White, $3 15@3 40:
large White. $2 40®2 65; Pink, $2 60@2 75
for dry; Red. $4 25@4 50; Lima, $4 15@4 30;
Red Kidneys. $4 50@4 75; Black eyes. $2 60®
2 70 per ctl;: Horse Beans. $1 85@2 40..
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard,' $3 25; Flax, $2@2 75; Canary. 6%
@7c; Aifalfa, lSViOie^c: Rape. ltf@2%c;
Timothy 6%c; Hemp, 3%@3%c per lb; Millet,
2H@3V4o; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2@2 23; new Green
Peas, $2@2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
The Wool market is still reported firm and
In excellent shape for sellers, with all grades
moving out as fast as they, come in. Prices
remain unchanged.
: Firm reports continue to be received from
Hops all' over the world, and buyers have to
pay. full figures to secure the goods. The
meager stocks left in . growers' ' hands on this
coast continue to get smaller, right along.
Hides are active and stronge. with the tan
ners buying briskly, and receipts are not al
lowed to accumulate.' Prices show no further
change.
HIDES AND SKINS— Cull* and brands sell
about 14 file under quotations. 'Heavy salted
Steers, 10'ic; medium. 9Hc; light, 9c: Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags.
7c; Salted Kip. 10c;' Salted Veal, lie: Salted
Calf. llHc; dry Hides. 16H017c: dry Kip, 13^
14c; dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25^
40c each; short Wool. 40® 65c each; medium.
75690c; long Wool, $1(01 50; Horse Hide*,
salt. $2 75 for large and $292 50 for medium.
$1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 60 for me
dium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c: dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large do,
$1 25; large, 50c; medium 85c; small. 20a.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4<ff4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3Wc: Grease, 21483c. ,
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin and South
ern, 9@llc; Southern. 899c; Southern Moun
tain. 9@llc; Middle Counties, free, 12014c;
do, defective, 10®12o; Northern free," 12014c;
do. defective. 10012c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 14®15c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 26®31c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, "Wool and Hops.
OMAHA, Oct. 25.— CJATTLE— Receipts, 6200;
steady to lower; native steers. $4 25@6 40;
Cdws and heifers, $2 25@3 75; Western. steers,
$2 90@4 60; Texas steers, S2 70@3 70; range
cows and heifers, $2 25@3 35; canners, $1 50®
2 75; stockers and feeders, $2 2503 85; calves,
$3@5 50; bulls and stags. $1 75@3 25. <
• HOGS — Receipts. 4600; 5c lower; heavy.
$5 10@5 25; mixed. $5 1533 20; light. $5 15®
5 20; pigs. $4 50@5; bulk of sales, $5 1555 20.
SHEEP — Receipts, 13,000; market 10c lower;
Western yearlings, $3 75@4 25; wethers, $4 60
@3 00; ewes, $3 25@5 70; common and stock
ers, '$2 5O@3 80; lambs/ $4 50@G 50. >
Omaha.
HOGS— Receipts, 10,000; 5o lower; bulk of
sales, $5@5 25; heavy, ; $5 30@5 40; packers,
$5 10@5 30; pigs and light, $4 S5@5 16.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000; market, 5@10c
higher; muttons, $3 30@l 10; lambs, $4 23®
4 60; range wethers, '$3 25@4 15; ewes,. $2 50®
3 50; Utah lambs. 60 lbs, $4 60. - ¦
KANSAS CITY, ' Oct. 25.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts,- 15,000; steady* native steers, $4@6 40;
etockers artd feeders.- $2 25@4 25; native cows
and heifers, $1 50@4 50; bulls, $17033 25;
calves, $2 60@6: Western steers, $3@4 50;
Western cows, $1 60®3 60. "^
. HOGS — Receipts, 18, 000;. '.to-morrow, 25.000;
market 5c lower;- mixed. and butchers. $5(3555;
pood to choice heavy, $5 30fg!5 55; rough heavy,
$4 85<JT5 20; light, $3@5 30; bulk 'Of ,' sales,
$5 15^5 30. ¦ — - :~ '- ¦¦¦' :-';-' •¦-* '¦'¦.- •:
. SHEEP— Receipts.' 22,000; sheep and -lambs,
strong; good to -choice wethers, $3 75@4 50;
fair to choice- mixed, ;$3®3 CO; Western sheep,
$3®4 40; native lambs, >3 60®6; " Western
lanTps. $4©5»0.. ;';¦.:-• : \ ; '
Kansas City. ; ¦ 1.;
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Oct< 25.- r -CATTtLE>— Receipts.
12,000, including 3000 Westerns; 'steady; good
to prime steers, ' $5 50^6 95 ; poor to medium,
$3 50®5 50; stockers and. feeders, $2®4;" cows,
$2 50@4 50; heifers, $2@5; ' canners, $1 25®
2 10; bulls. $2@4 25; calves, $3@6 50; Texas
fed steers. $4 50®5 SO; Western steers, $3 25<Jp
4 75.. ¦ - . ¦. " - ¦ . ¦ ¦ -'.'¦ - .' ¦ y - ¦
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Bran is quoted very weak by the local mill
ers and handlers, owing to the early green
Feed, but quotations are no lower. The Hay
market was quoted weaker yesterday, though
receipts were not large, but prices remained
the same. ." .-. .. ...-•_-
BRAN— $19@20 per " ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@27 per ton.
SHORTS— $18©20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23 50@24 per
ton;. -Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 60^32 50;
jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake. $23® 24 ; Cocoa
nut Meal, $24@25; Corn Meal. $30 5O@31 50;
Cracked Corn, -$31@32; Mixed ..Feed, $22®
22 50;- Horse Bean8,'r-$30C<f>*g.flr-.tnn>'- .Broom,
Corn Feed. 90o "per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10©15 50; Wheat, and Oat.
$10@14 50; Oat, $9S13; Barley and Oat, $8
®12; Volunteer Wild - Oat, $7010; stable, - $9
Oil; stock." $5 60@7r Clover. $7@10; Alfalfa,
$»@12 per. ton. . ,'- '.
; STRAW — 450650 per. bale. . ".
Hay and Feeds tuff s.
CHICAGO, Oct. the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries, 15@21%c; dairies, . 18@I 8c; cheese,
dull, 10®10%c; eggs, steady at mark, cases in
cluded, i6%@i8Uo. • » ;^-^^A
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The market has ruled quiet since the sharp
cut* in Hams. Bacon and Lard last^week and
no further change* are reported. ! The market*
at Western centers are also devoid of feature.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, llo for light medium, Wm for light,
14@14^o for extra light and 15c for sugar
cured; dry Salt Sides, 10c; Bellies, lie;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c: Califor
nia Hams. 12Uc: Mess Beef. $10910 50 per
bbl; extra Mess. $10 6O®11; Family, $12012 50;
prime Mess Pork $14 60; extra clear. $23;
Mess, $17 60; Dry Salted Pork. 10!4c: Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARI>— Tierces quoted at 6Ho per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9®9V4o for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9Ud
9%c: 10-lb tins. lOUc; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins. lOHc ¦ •
CQTTOLBNE — One half barrel. 8%c: three
halrtjarrel*. 8%c; one tierce, 8fic; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
Lo§ Asg«les Summary. — Hot and Intensely
try weather during the past , week caused
greater demand for Irrigation wate* than at
any time during the rammer; desert winds
parched vegetation. Much cooler at the clou*
of tbe week, with coast fog.
Eureka Summary. — Harvesting and thrashing
ere practically completed. Recent rain de
gtrtry*A many field* of txnout peas, but gav*
grass a good start. Plenty of f*ed assured for
the ¦winter. Plowing "resumed.
San Joaquin Valley. — Clear and warm
¦weather prevailed during the week, but the
sights were cool and light frosts occurred in
the northern section. Conditions were quite
Savorable for drying the last of the prune and
raisin crops and shipping them to packing
Louses. Grape harvest is not yet completed,
fc.r.1 considerable quantities are 'going to mar
kets and wineries. It is reported that ther»
¦will be no second crop of raisins, owing to the
tsnusual rains. Olives at Lodi are coloring rap-
ICly. Oranges are In excellent condition and a
large yield is expected. The soil la in good
condition and farm work Is progressing. Green
feed Is abundant and alfalfa Is making good
growth.
Southern California. — Abnormally hot, dry
weather prevailed most of the week, with
northerly winds. The highest temperature for
thre* years (94 degrees) was recorded at San
Diego on the "1st. The weather was very
beneficial to raisins, but unfavorable for all
growing . crops and pasturage. Fires In the
vicinity of Eanta Monica caused great damage
to hay and farm property and destroyed the
Experimental Station buildings. Walnuts were
not injured by heat and picking is progressing
rapidly. Orange* are making satisfactory prog
ress. Baan thrashing Is nearly, completed.
Green feed Is plentiful. "VSf9
Coaat and Bay Sections. — The weather was
warm and clear during the week, with north
erly winds in some sections. Heavy frost at
Upper Lake on the 17th damaged late summer
crops. The north wind dried the soil, but
caused no damage, and the warm weather was
very favorable for late grapes, oranges, fruit
drying and pasturage. Grapes In the southern
districts were not so seriously damaged by rain
as previously estimated, but the loss In por
tions of the northern section will be quite
heavy. There will probably be a large second
crop of tomatoes in Sonoma County.Apple pick-
Ing Is In progress. Plowing and seeding con
tinues. Ther* will be a large acreage in al
falfa In San Benito and Sonoma counties.
Green feed is plentiful and of good quality.
A portion of the raisin and prune crops Is
¦till on the trays and was greatly benefited by
the dry, warm waathrr. The work of clearing
up these crops aad sending them to packing
bouses It progressing rapidly, and considerable
quantities of grapes are going to markets and
wlr.er-16*. There will be no second crop of
raisin* in the Fresno district. Olives In the
Bacramrato Valley are ready for picking and
are coloring rapidiy at Lodi. Walnut harvest
Is progressing m all sections and the crop is
reported fair. Oranges .In the central and
northern sections are coloring rapidly and mak
ing fair progren in the south. Tomatoes in
Sonoma County will make a large second crop.'
Plowing and seeding are progressing in near
ly all sections and a large acreage of grain
and aJfalfa is being planted. Early sown
grain in the Sacramento Valley is making ex
cellent growth and looks healthy. Green feed
Is of good quality and unusually plentiful in
most places. .Stock are doing well. Bean
thr«rt)inir Is nearly completed.
tSacramet,to ¦v.atiey. — Clear, warm" weather
prevailed curing the week, with dry northerly
win«e. Prune drying progressed rapidly and is
nearly completed. Walnut* and olives are ripe
«nd picking has commenced. Oranges are col
oring and making satisfactory progress; pros
pecu are good for an excellent crop. Some
varieties of grape* are being shipped from Sac
ramento, but the Tokays were ruined by heavy
rains. Plowing and seeding are progressing in
all section*, and it is probable a large acreage
of grain will be planted. Early sown grain is
making good growth and looks healthy. There
Is an abundance of green feed, and stock are In
rood condition.
Warm, clear weather and light northerly
winds prevailed i a nearly all parts of the
Plate during the week. The highest tempera
ture for- several years occurred In Southern
California en the 21et. The cool nights have
commenced in the interior and light frosts oc
curred in portions of the San Joaquin valley.
rim destroyed considerable hay and farm
property in the vicinity of Santa Monica.
The weekly report of A. G. McA-die, section
director of the climate end crop service of the
Weather Bureau. Is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The Weather and Crops.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $2 75 p«r 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal.< $2 50; extra cream do $3 60;
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats, $4; Hominy.
$3 60@3 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina. $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 50: Rolled Oats, bbls $6 7C3>7 50; in
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
' Millers report a • satisfactory demand for
Flour and the usual 'local business In Mill*
stuffs at unchanged prices. ,.
FLOUR— California ! Family Extras, S4 80®
6 10. usual - terms; Bakers', Extras, $4 70® 5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4®4 50
per bbl. ¦- . ¦ • •'.'-.
Flour and Mlllstuffs.
CHICAGO, Oct. . 25. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, firm; ; nV 2 spriny
wheat, ?1 14@1 16; No. 8, $1 06®l 13;
No. 2 Red, $1 17%@1 21; No. 2 corn, 63?4o;
No. 2 yellow, 66ho; No. 2 oats, 80%o; No. 2
white. 31%c; No. 3 white, 80c: No. 2 rye, 78©
78%c; good feeding barley, 87%c; fair to
choice malting, 41@48c: No. 1 flazseed, $1 09;
No. 1 Northwestern. $115%; prime timothy
seed, $2 45®2 55; mess pork, per bbl, $10 90®
11; lard, per 100 lbs, $7 87%; short ribs sides
(loose), $7 12%@7 25; short clear sides (boxed),
$7 87% 07 62%; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 24; clover, contract grade, $12 15.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....' ...34,600 . 13,500
Wheat, bushels .160,000 S4.10O
Corn, bushels ....123.200 166,500
Oatf; bushels ..251,900 184,200
Rye. bushels 20,600 \j 4,100
Barley, bushels .... . . . . . .122,000 . 11,200
Cash Grain and Provisions.
STOCKS — I do not think that the market
baa yet soent its force. The great mass of
djvidead-paylar stocks are still worth more
au an investment than the money in the bank.
The tide of general business activity has
turned and all conditions favor its continuance.
The incitement such as we are now having
xnxdly «rer stop* at a rational stopping
point; It goes too far. I do not think that
the too-far point has yet been reacheU.
COTTON — The cotton market was nervous
and tiasetUed. but on the whole a fairly strong
ucderton* prevailed during the day and the
buylag power was sufficient to absorb all
©Jreriags. Ellisons estimates this season's con
sumptive requirements at 10,SK)0.C00 bales, and
Xhit is regarded as bullish. The sentiment is
lee» bearish at the moment, although there
xs nothing In the situation to warrant con
fidence ::. any sustained advances
COFFEE— The movement at Brazilian ports
continues to be watched with much interest
by lae trade, for if th« yield is- to come to
the estimate of e.500,000 bags there will cer
tainly have to be a sharp falling off in the
receipts In the very near future. Persistent
*es>orts. however, continue to come in regaril
ing the unsatisfactory conditions for the next
crop and the belief is generally growing that
It will be under ten millions.
Stocks, Cotton and Coffee.
Th* New York wire* of E. F. Hutton & Co.
y«*terday ««id :
eral run of offerings. Another car of northern
fruit was marketed and several more were re
ported close at band and due at , any time.
Firs were offering again. Regular site boxes
from Stockton brought 73c and large packages
from , Martinez sold at $1 25. The other tre«
fruits stood about as previously quoted, the
demand . being fair and supplies of air kinds
ample. Grapes were - unchanred. but th*
market was weak and ther* was plenty of poor
stock available at easy rates. Strawberries,
and Raspberries did better, receipts being light
and of good quality. All kinds of Citrus fruits
were in good request at steady prices. . A few
sales of . new crop Navel Oranges were re
ported at $3@4 per box. -
STRAWBERRIES— $8010 'per chest for
Longworths. 1 12®4 for Mallndas and $3®5 for
Cheneys. - * ••-ariSsNHpMfe
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest!
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@3c . per • lb.
CRANBERRIES— $2®4 75 per box for Coos
Bay and $7 50® 8 for Cape Cod.
APPLES — $1®1 25 for fancy. 65®90o for
choice and 30Q50a for common. : -
PEARS— Winter Nellis. $1©1 25 per box;
cooklnjr varieties 40@73c per box. - '
PLUMS— 50c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50c@fl per box. -
POMEGRANATES — 10©60o for small and
$1@1 75 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 25©50c per box.
FIOS— 75c0$l 25 per box. .
MELONS — Cantaloupes. 60&?5c: Nutmeg
Melons, 25@50c ¦ per box; Watermelons. $1®2
per dozen.
GRAPES — Table varieties. - 40®75o for
crates. 23@40c for small boxes and 75c®$l 50
for open boxes; Wine Grapes, nominal.
• .CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $3 5004 per
box- for Valencias; Lemons,' $2 50(93 for
fancy. $1 75@2 25 for choice and $1 25<Z?1 50
for standards; Grape Fruit. $2- 80®3; Mexi
can Limes, $4@4 50 per case; Bananas, $2@S'
per bunch for Central American and 75c®$2
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 7S@2 25 per
dozen. . . - . * - ¦• '.-.,.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
No further change in anything under this
head is reported. The demand for Fruits is
not active at the moment, as packers are
busy •. filling their . orders - and are not doing
much, new business. But the market as a rule
is firm, as stocks of almost everything except
Prunes are very light. Raisins continue mor«
Or lees nominal and the packer* are making
no quotations r at present. Nuts are steady
and meeting with a fair demand.' Th* mar
ket is still liberally supplied with Nevada
Honey, which , is slow of sal*.
FRUITS— New crop— Apricot*. 7%O10o for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarine*.
6%@7%o for White and «%©7o for Reds
Peaohes. , 7%fl8%c per lb; Pears, 7O12c;
Plums, pitted, 5O8%C for black. 8©8%o
for- red and 7©8%o for yellow; Firs, S-crown
bricks, 60c; 3-crown. 65o: 4-crown. «0o; 6
crown. 65c; bulk white 2%®3c; black. 8%fc
Evaporated Apples, 5%@7c per lb.
PRUNES — l%(g>l%c per lb for th* four sis**
and 2 Vic basis for th* large sizes.
RAISINS— 1904 -crop t. a b. rr*«no—Im
perial clusters. (2 2302 60; Dehesa, $1 83^2:
London Layers. SOc®$l; Loose Muscatels, 4
crown. 4®4%o; 3-crown, 3%G3%c; 2-erown,
8@3%o; Seedless. 2%©2%c; Floated. 3o; Seed,
ed 4@5%o; Thompson's Seedless, 4%c; Seed
less Sultanas. 3^@'3%o per lb. - .
NUTS— New Walnuts. No. I softshell." 12®
12%c; No. 2, 10@10%c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c;
No. 2. 10c; Almond*. 16@17d for Nonpareils,
14fil4%o for I X U 13©14c for N* Plus Ultra
and llo for Languedoc; Peanuts,— ««J7c for
Eastern; Pecans ll©13o; Cocoanuta. $4 5005;
Chestnuts, 10®13c per lb.
HONET— Comb. ll%O13c for white and 10®
llo for amber; water . white extracted. 5%®
6c; light amber extracted. 5&5%c; dark. 3®
•%c.
BEESWAX— 27Q29C per lb.
10%911%o for good ta prime washed, nominal;
0@10c for fair washed; 9%@ll%c for fair to
prime washed peaberry; 9%&10%c for good to
prime semi- washed; 9% 910c for superior un
washed; 9%o for good «re«n unwashed; 9G9%a
for good to superior unwashed pea berry; 5% ©
7%e for inferior to ordinary. . +
Nicaragua — Nominal; ll%913%a tor prtma
to fancy washed; 9H*B*10%e for fair to strictly
rood washed; 8%83%o for rood to superior
unwashed: 989%o for rood to prime unwashed
Guatemala and' Mexican— 13% g!3e , for fiaoy
washed, nominal: 11%&13%o for prime to
strictly prlma washed, nominal; 10*;®lH;o
frr strictry good washed; 10Vi®10%o for good
washed: WJlOc for fair washed; 80S%o for
medium; 5%O7%e for Inferior to ordinary;
lOUOllVla for rood to prtro« washed peabarry;
Bttd%c for rood to prime unwashed peaberry;
9O100 for rood to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole. heavy. 29®31o; «tr»
heavy, 31@33c per lt>: medium, 299
20c; light. 22O27e: - Rough Leather.' 24 J
26c; Harness Leather, heavy. 33©39o for
No. 1 and 3O$33c for No. 2; medium. SO937o:
light. 20-835C. aklrtlng. No. 1. 40042c; No. X
S«O3*s; Collar Leather. 13®16c per footi Trace
Leather. 40®41c; Kip. unfinished. 40O30o per
lb; Veal finished. 503 60o pe r lb; Calf, finished.
65cQfl per lb; Wax Bides. 100170 per foot:
Belt Knife Splits, 140164; Rough Splits, 80190
per Id.
TANBARK— Ground. *23O2S per ton: stick.
$16 BO®1S per cord.
OILS — Quotations ar* for barrels: for mmm %
add Do; Linseed. 53o per gallon for boiled aad
81c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1, 7w»i
Bakers* AA. cases. $1 10O1 12 : Lucol, Boo for
boiled and 48a for raw; China Nat. cases.
eoCSOo per gallon; Cocoannt Oil. in barrels.
5Sc for Ceylon and Uo for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm OH. 69a; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 83c; extra bleached winter Wnai*
Oil 57o; natural Whal* Oil. B2o: <extra winter
strained iLard Oil. 73o; No. 1-Lard Oil. «3o:
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot dl.
63o: light Rerrlnf Oil. i2c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw
Fish Oil, 33c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint
Oil. Sic.
COAL OIL— Water Whit* Coal Oil. la bulk.
13c: Pearl Oil. In eases. 19% o; Astral. 19 H«:
Star, 19%c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; En.
cene 23c; Deodorised Stove Gasoline. In bur*.
16c; in cases. 22%c; Benzine in bulk. 13c: ia
cases. 19%c; S8-de*ree Gasoline, In bulk. 25o;
In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINB— 81o per gallon la casesmnft
73c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%©
7%e per lb; White Lead. 7tt®7%0. aecordlnr
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— J4C341 60 for local use aad
S38339 per flask for export.
SALT — Bales. 90c for common and $1 for
granulated; Dairy. $5 50 per ton; Granulated.
$6 CO; Half Ground. 10O-lb baps $3 25; do.
50-lb bags. $3 75; Rock Salt. $2 73@3 In 100
and $3 25 in 60 lb bass; Genuine Liverpool.
$11 60, $12 50 and $13 60 per ton in packages
of 224 110 and 30 lbs. respectively.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 8.25c;
Powdered. 8.10c; Candy Granulated.. 8.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
8c: Fruit Granulated. 8c: Beet Granulated
(100- lb bags only) 5.90c; Confectioners' A. 8c;
Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c; "D." 5.30c; barrels. . 10c more; half
barrels. 25a more; boxes, 60c. more: 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
6.50c; boxes. 8.75c; H. & E. Crystal Dominos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less thaa
seventy-flv« barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary -elzes. $1S@19: ex
tra sixes higher: Redwood. $19023; Lath, 4
I feet $3 7504: Pickets. $17@23: Shingles. $2
for No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for
split and $15 tor sawn; Rustic, $33®29.
Receipts of. Produce. . >
FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER 23:
Flour, qr ska .. 11.879* Ray. tons 280
Wheat, ctls ... 2,9^9! Hop*, bales .... 372
Barley ctls ... 77 « Wool, bale* ... 544
Oats. ctl» 2.4701 Feed, sks ...... .370
Corn, ctls 250 Tallow, ctl* ... 218
Ry* ctls 342|Leather. rolls .. .*».
Beans, sks 12.439! Hides. No. .... 497
Potatoes, sks .. 3,S98| Pelts, No. .... 108
Onions sks ... 101 Wins, gals .... 18.130
Bran. *sks ..... 1201 Quicksilver Ck». 149
Middlings, sks.. 4SOI
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks .. 501
EASTERN.
Com. «tls ..... 800i . . ,
AYair street stocks very active, but
rather low«*r. Cotton higher.
Ixk-uI securities, especially bonds, ac
tive. ,
Khiptnent of $210.2.~»8 in specie to the
Orieuu
Slight variations in Exchange rates.
Wheat and Barley futures lower.
Other. grains unchanged.
Flour and Mills-tuffs In fair demand.
Hay, Bran and Middlings weak. Beans
In excessive receipt-
Potato market frtilJ overloaded with
cheap stock.
Poultry and Game in heavy receipt
and easy.
Butter still tending downward. Eggs
and Cheese steady.
Sew crop Naval Oranges selling at
$3@4 per box.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits, Nuts
and Raisins.
Provisions featureless, hero and else
wkere.
WooL hides and Hops still very firm.
Some descriptions of Cordage marked
down.
Cattle, Sheep and. Hogs In liberal sup-
Plj.
SU3f>iARY OF THE MARKETS.
forms the collateral for these bonds, makes
the payment of interest a burden on Union
Pacitic, heavy capital requirements would have
to be met to retire them and the release of
Northern Securities stock would be the only ¦
advantage perceptible. But it wa» assumed,
in epite of the - emphatic official' disclaimers,
that a settlement of the Northern Securities
dispute ar.d^a community of interest • in the!
transcontinental railroad world was involved.
The buoyant rise in St. Paul: was regarded as
corroborative of this assumption. : • The mar
ket was subjected to enormous profit-taking
throughout the day and the result wa^con
stant Irregularity and occaFional -weakness.
The - profit-taking in the low-priced stocks,
which were most conspicuous in yesterday's
market, was very obvious throughout, but. was
ignored unti! late in the day. The facility
with which strength was malntalred at other
points in face dl this selling movement and
the small effect of the gold engagements was
pointed to aa further gratifying evidence of
the underlying strength 'of the market. But
when attempts were made to take profits on
the day's, unwieldy- commitments the vulner- ;
able position of the market developed and
prices crumbled rapidly. The day's most con- ;
slderable gains were wiped out with a rush
and Union Pacific's nst gain proved small.
Losses were the rule, running between 1 and 2
points, and even more in many cases.
Bonds were irregular. Total sales, par
value, f 11, 047,000.
United States bonds vrere unchanged on call.
This was the largest day's business on the
New York Stock Exchange since May 9, 1901,
when' 3,OS1,700 shares were sold. >» y
New York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton & Co., 490 California street,
San Krancisco, members of the New York
fctuck Exchange, furnish the following Official
quotations of that Exchange:
bales. ; Stocks—' . |HighjLow.| Bid. I Ask."
_ ( , 1 1
|Adams Express.) |235 [245
31,500. Amalg Copi>tr... v67'g 66%| «W%| Co%
Am Can Co ( 6% 6%
1 Do pfd i | 47% 4!?Vi
400; Am Car & Fy Co 27 I 2tt»»| 2tt% 27
lOOj Do ptd MVi| *s3%| 83 | »o
|Am Chicle |1O3 |1O5
| Do pfd | | 8O | 94
l.oOOjAm Cotton Oil..| 32;41 32%V •>-%{ !W%
j Do pfd | | | 93 95
|Am Dist Tel. ...I |.....| 2tf j 2S
Am Express ...J209 |208%i20S%|209
| Am G Twine Co| I...- -I 7 I 7%
'¦ 2Co;Am Hide & L... 5%1 6%| 5%f «
I Do Ptd 1 1.21V* 2*-?*
SOOtAm Ice 8% | 8 8 fe.%
l,200i Do pld 36% 35% 35% . 30%
Am Unseed 14 15
Do pfd 30% 38
S.300jAm Locomotive. 28%| 27%| 27% 27%
1.700| Do pfd 99%| «&%| 99 99%
CoOiAm Malt 5% 5% 5% 5%
I Do pfd 22% I 22% 22Vi 22Vi
20.900 Am Sm & Rf Cof 73V»| "1% 71^ Tl*
800 Do pfd 114%|113H 113 |U3%
Am Sugar jl3U%|l:{7%|137%ji:is
Do pfd |134% 135%
Am Tel & Tel Co* 145 146
Am Tob ptd:...|.... 144% 145%
1,300 Am Woolen 18% 18% 17% 1B%
6001 Do pfd U84 83% 83 b4%
«,200! Anaconda 101% 99% 96 100
|An Arbor 30 32>4
I Do pfd 60 ©4
A T & S F 8SK 80% 86% 8^*4
Do pfd 102% |101% 101 101%
13,400 Bait & Ohio.... 95% 04% 94% 94%
100 Do pfd 96% 96% 96 90%
Bay State Gas 3 % 9-22
17,300 B R T 6» 67% 67% 67%
.[Brook Un Gas ".. ..... 22« 227
Bruns D & I.. .' 8 ¦ »-
Butterick Co :... 50 51
400jCanada So 68% 68% 68% 69
".•900;Canadlan Pac... 135% 134% 134% 134%
12.200C & O... 47% 46% 46 46%
100 C & A."..... 38% 33 37 39
Do pfd 80 85
C & E I ; ¦....' 46% 47
i Do pfd /. 130 145
C I & L pfd : 80 90
19.600C &.' G W .. 24% 22% 22% 22%
200 Do pfd A 65% 63 63 63%
1.000 Do pfd B.... 32% 31 31% 33
Do debs . .- 86 80%
7.800 C &? N W 196% 194 196% 197 .
92.00O;C M & Bt P.... 175% 171% 171% 172%
30O Do pfd ". .. 185% 164% 185 166"
eS.bOO'C RUF (new) 33% 31 31% 31%
2.400 Do pfd 75 73% 73% 74%
1,000 Chicago Term... 8% 8 7% 8%
6.SC1C Do pfd .-.:..i. 18% 17% 17% 18
10,800 Chicago Un'Trac 9% > 8% 8% 9%
¦ 1.000 C C C & St L. 85. 8*% .84% '85
....... Do pfd >:... no .:...
Olevt Lor A W 70 T5
........ Do pfd ....."........... 85'100'
40,000'Colorado F & I. 44% 30% 89% 40
200 Do pfd 71 .09 69% 70%
2,300 ColUm H C A I. 15 14% 14% 14%
2,400 Colorado So 23% 22% 22% 22%
600 . Do 1st' pfd ... 55% 55 54 65
2.100 Do 2d|pfd .... 35% 32% 29% 29%
8.200Cbnsol Gas ..... 217% 215% 215% 215%
l,70f>Con Tob ptd .. 125% 125 125 125%
1.600 Corn Products .. 18 17% 17% 17%
100 Do pfd 78% 78% 75 76%
15,400 Del and Hudson . 1S1 178% 178% 179
1,300|D L & W 300 296 297 209
2,200iD k R G 32% 31% 31% 31%
700 Do pfd 64 83 83 83%
iDes M & Ft D 26% 26%
300 Detroit Un Ry. 74% 74 73% 74%
1,200 Detroit So 6% 5 4% 5%
200 Do pfd 9 8% 8% 9
Diamond Match . 134 140
1.600 Distil Seeur . . . 33% 33 83 33%
500 Duluth S S & A. 11% 11% 11 11%
100 Do pfd 19 19 18% rl9
165,500 Erie 41% 38% 38% 38%
9,100 Do 1st pfd ... 74% 72% 72% 72%
4.100 Do 2d pfd .... 54 52% 62 52%
E&TH { : 63 60
Do pfd 75 SO
Gen Chemical 48 56
Do pfd 94 96
JOOGen Electric ... 177% 176 175 175%
400 Great No pfd .. 193 191% 191 • 196
Green Cone Cop 20% 20%
Havana Tob Co 29 29%
Do pfd 38 41
Hocking Val 82 83
:.. Do pfd 39 39%
500 Illinois Central 145% 144% 144% 144/%
17,400 Inter Paper .... 63 C2 62 63
1.200 Do pfd 78 76% 76% 77%
Inter Power 61% 63%
Inter Pump 37 38
Do pfd 79 80%
400 Iowa Central ... 28% 28 27 28
800 Do pfd 50 49% 49 49%
Kanawha &Mlch 36 37
KC FtS & M pfd "80 80%
1.300 Kans C So 29% 29 28 29
1,200 Do pfd ...... 61 60% 60 60%
Keokuk & Des M 17% 18
Laclede Gas pfd 60 100
400 Lake E & West 35% 84% JS5 36
Do pfd 33 35
.'. Long Island 96 105
4.700 Louis & Nash... 136% 134% 134% 135
Manhattan .r... 163 161% 161% 161%
Manhat Beach 9% 11
4.200 Metropolitan Sec 87 85 85% 85 s !
183.6O0Met St Ry 129% 126% 127 127%"
23,0001 Mexican Central. 19% 18% JS% 18%
Minn A St L.... ..... ;.,.. 61 62
I DO 1st pfd ..... ..... '96 98
2,300!M, St P A S 8 M 89 67 87 87%
600| Do pfd 138 137 137% 138%
8.COOM0. Kan A Tex. 32% 31 31% 31%
1.600 Do pfd 59% 58. 68 68%
40,200 Missouri Pacific. 105% 104% 104% 104%
100 Nash. C A St L 134 134 133 13S
....... National Lead... 23% 22% 22% 23-
Do pfd 96 95 94 97
200 NU RR Mex pfd 42% 41% 41% 42
»00 National Biscuit. 49% 49 49 49%
....... Do pfd ; 110% 111
800 New Jersey Cen. 185 183 183 185
N Y Air Brake.. .'...'. .:... 135 137
16,100 New York 'Cen.. 136% 184% 135 135%
. 600 N Y, C & St L. 37% 86 85% 36
Do 1st pfd ; 110 118
....... Do 2d pfd 68' 75
New York Dock. .......*;.. 14 17
400 N Y. N H A H. 198 197% 196 198
63,200 N Y. Ont A W. 46% 45% 45% 46
0,200 Norfolk A West. 73% 72% 72% 72%
900 North American. 96 95% 95% 95%
11.C0C Northern Sees... 119 117% 117% 117%
Omaha ........140 160
Do pfd 1S5 i .....
O S L 4s.... ..... 102 102%
Pacific Coast ...:...". .*.... 67" 70
....... Do 1st pfd. ...I ] 78U 78
.- . Do 2d pfd.. 77 7«ti
700 Pacific Mail 40 89 38% 39
e5,e00Penn R R Co... 138% 137 137% 137%
'.. .(People's Gas.... 108% 108%
(Pere Marquette.. 78% 78 75 78%
.......} Do-pfd..... 77% 7gii
jP. CC A St r.. ..\.\ 74 7?'
! Do pfd ; 101 May,
14,60C!Preseed Steel Car 35% 82% 83% 34
8Ot3l Do pfd... i.... 81 81 81 81%
JPuHman Car Co ..227 229
400|Ry Steel Springs 25% 25 ,24% 25%
COO Do pfd;....... 80% 86% S6% 80%
84,700 Reading ........ 76% 76% 75% 75%
100 DO 1st pfd... 87% 88%
....... Do 2d pfd... .' 80- 81*
3,000 Republic S A I. . 12% 12. 12 12%
1.900 Do pfd;....... 64% 63 6.1 63%
1,300 Rubber Goods... 23% 22% 22% 2.1%
300 Do pfd........ 85. 84% 84% 85
000 Sloss S S & I Co 47% 46% 47 47%
....... Do pfd.... .7 . 93 07'^
.v..:.-. st j a g I....:, .v... ...... ic 17 -:i
....... "Do 1st pfd. .t. , % :.. ..... si 54
...;... Do 2d pfd. .V.*. .......... 26 ¦ 27'
....•..•. StL&SFlst pfd ..*.:. ..... .74'^ 75 ">
700 Do 2d pfd^...'. 63% 63« 62% C3%
1.600 St -Li :& 8 W... 23 22% 22 22%
8,200 Do Pfd .....: 51% 60 50% 50%
144,000 Southern Pacific. 64% 62% 62% B2%
S1.400JSouthern T Ry..V. 36% 35V4 35% 30%
BOW "Do ' pfd -*....•.'. 95% 94% 94% 95%:
.......! Standard OH. ;.'.'.-... ..... 647 . 648 •
- lOOlSUnd RA.T... .2'' 2-. "1% '2 4
7,700iTenn :d& Iron '68% 56% 66% 50%
flOO Texas P;L-T Co 30 30: 30 S3
2U.600Texis Pacific ;.. 36% 35% 35% 35%
....... Third *Avmm •.;..;.. ..... 132-. 133
-.;.-.... Tclclo R &'T Co ..... .:... 27% 23 ,
'• 200 Toledo St LA W 32^ .32'- 81. 31%
4001 Do pfd ...... '50T4 49% i49% 50 -
300|Twln'CttyvR T 103% 103% 103% 103%
Cons money. ..88 3-16 n Y Central..... 138%
Do acct 88% I Nor & Western . . . 75%
Anaconda 6%| Do pfd ........ 94
Atchlson ......:. 90%IOnt & Western... 47%
Do pfd • .109 | Pennsylvania • 70%
Bait & Ohio 85% | Rand Mines ..... 10%
Can Pacific 139 I Reading 39 •
Ches & Ohle...... 48% Do 1st pfd 45
Chi Great West.. 24% Do 2d pfd 41%
Chi. Mil & St P.177H Fo Railway 37%
De Beers 18% ; Do pfd »8
Den & Rio G aj% Fo Pacific ..;.... C4T4
Do Pfd 86%Hr n ion Padflo 113U
**•« • • 41%! ; Do P fd »7%
, Do 1st pfd..... 76%lu 8 Steel. 22%
Do2d pfd....v. 55% -Do pfd S4%
HI Central .149 Wabash 23
Louis & Nash.... 140 Do pfd .45%
M, K & Texas... 33% Spanish 4s ....... 67%
Bar silver— 26 13-16d per ounce.
Money— 1%@1% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent and for three
months' bills 2%©2% p«r cent.
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 5%
Amer Arge Chem. 19% Michigan 9,
Do pfd ...82 Mohawk ..."...... 61%
Amer Pneu Tube. 5%1 Mont Coal & Coke 8
Amer Sugar ....138% Old Dominion ... 22%
Do pfd 135 Osceola .......... 80%
Aroer Tel & Tel. 144% Parrot ........... 26
Amer Woolen ... 18 Quincy ........... 99%
Do pfd ./...... 83% Shannon 8
Dom Iron t S... 14% Tamarack ........118%
Ed Elect Ilium. .251 Trinity ..11%
Gen Electric 175 U S Mining... ...'24%
Mass Electric 12% U S Oil -....;il
Do Pfd ........ 65 Utah ........;.... 42%
Mass Gas 42*4 Victoria 4
United Fruit ....1O4U Winona 9%
Un Shoe Mach... 55 I V/olverine >09
Do pfd 31%l - ...
Liondon Closing Stocks. '. ". •¦
Boston Stocks and Bonds. - .
Money — U. S Steel. ....... 20%
Call loans ....' 2<?3 Do pfd ........ 81%
Time loans 4@5 w eating Common:' 85
Bonds — ?¦;¦' ¦- "Mining —
Atchlson 4s 101% Adventure 4 1-16
Do adj 4s .. 96%lAUouez ..j. 11%
Mex Central 4s... 71 lAmal Copper .... 66 '
Railroads— Amer-Zinc ...... 12%
Atchlson .... 66%) Atlantic 15
Do pfd 101%!Blngham 82%
Boston & Albany.251 | Calumet & Hecla.570
Boston & Maine. 105 Centennial ....... 29
Boston Elev 155 Copper Range ... 63%
Fltchburg,pfd....l37 Daly West 12
Mex Central 18% Dom Coal 67%
N Y. N H & H..197% FrankUn 8%
Pere Marquette. . . 76 Grancy 3%
Union Pacific... '..100% Isl« Royale 22
...'....lUnion B & P. 7% 8 .
....... j vDo pfd 65 CO
375,S001Unlon Pacific ... 112 109% 10tf% 10934
- S00| Do pfd ...... 93% 95 93 95%
|U P Conv 4s ..113%11!J%
-United Copper ........... C 7 ¦
United R'of S F 16% 16%
Do pfd ...... ..... ..... 69 '60%
Do. 4s ... .-'.•; 84 85
900 U S Cast IP 13V4 13 13 13%
100 Do Pfd .. «4 64 04 65
US Express ... . - . . ..... 115 113 |
14,100 U S Leather ..J W% 12- 12% 12%
S00 Do pfd. ...... 82 »1% 91 .....
7U0 U S Rubber ... 28 Vi 28% 28% 28%
Do pfd ....... S'«!Vi S3.
- 8(5.100 U S Steel Cor. 22% 20% 20%, 20%
115,000 Do pfd 83% 81% SlW 81%
800 Va-Car Chem Co 3S% 30 3« ¦ 30%
800 Do pfd 112 111 110 111
5,200 Wabash ... ... 22% 22% 22 22%
5,200 .Do pfd 44% 43% 43% 44
f Do debBs -67% 68
Wells-Kargo Ex 230 245
200 Western Union.. 91% 91% 91% 91%
1,900 Westinghouse ... 171% 168 167' 168
400 Do 1st Pfd ...190 190 185 195
600 W & L E.. 20 19% 19 19%
400 Do 1st pfd ... 47% 46H 46% _47
400 Do 2d pfd ... 23 27% 27% 27%
2,500 Wisconsin Cen. . 24% '•¦ 21% 22% 23
1,700 Do pfd...... 47 46 44 46%
... Southern Pac pfd 11«% 11* U6 116%
1.9S0.400 — Total shares sold.*
New York Bonds.,
U S ref 2s reg..lO4%iL & N unified 4s.lO2%
Do coupon 104%IMan con gold 4s. 105 -
Do 3s reg 104% Mex Central 4s... 73%
Do coupon .105% Do 1st inc 22%
Do new 4s regJ.«0% Minn & St L 4s.. 96
Do coupon 131% M. K it Texas 48.102
Do old 4s reg. 106% Do 2ds .-'• »5%
Do coupon 106V*) NK of Mex con 4s 80
Atch gen 4s.. ,.. '.102%i N Y C gen 3%s..l00%
Do adj 4s 97%|N J C gen 6s 134%
Atlantic C L 4s. 9S%|Nor Pacific 4s.. ..105%
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO3%| Do "3s 75%
Do 3i,is 95%! Nor & W con 4s.l01 :
Central of Ga 6s.ll3%! OSL. 4s & partlc.102
Do 1st Inc 88%|Pa: conv 3%s 102%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO5% I Reading gen 4a... 101%
Chi & Alton 3%s. S0% S U St I M con 5s.ll5%
C.-B & Q new 4s. 9S%|8 L & S Ffg 4s. 8««i
C.M & SP en 4s.lO9% St Louis SW lsts.100%
C & NW con 7s.l2S% I Seaboard & L' 4s. 81
C. R I & Pac 4s. 7S |S Pacific 4s..... 94%'
Do col 5s...<.. 8fi 8 Railway 5a 118%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.lO2% Tex A Pac Ists..l22
Chi Term 4s 81 Tol, St L & W 4s. 81%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 78% Union Pacific 4s.lO6^
Colo & So 4s 88 Do conv 4s 111%
C F & I con 6s. 82% U S Steel 2d 8a.. 87%
Den & Rio G 4s.l01% Wabash lsts 119.
Erie prior lien 4S.100 Do deb B...... 67%
Do gen 4s ..... 89 W & L Erie 4s... 91%
F W & D C lsts.111% Wis Central 4s... 92%
Hock Val 4%s...lO8% ¦ ¦
Xeiv York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 201 Little Chief ..... " 05
Alice 40 Ontario 8 50
Breece 15 Ophir 2 IS
Bruns Con 13 Phoenix 17
Com Turfhel 09JPotosi 10
Con Cal ¦& Va... 1 45| Savage 21
Horn Silver 1 50! Sierra Nevada.... 25
Iron Silver 1 90J Small Hopes •>...' 30
Leadville Con 021 Standard ......... 1 90
Futiire Grllin and Provisions.
- CHICAGO, Oct. 25.— As a result '•. of easier
cables, sentiment in the wheat pit at the start
,was rather bearish, December being off\%c to
%c at SI 15% to SI- 15%. May was down%c
to %o at $1 14% to $1 14%. Local longs
had considerable - wheat for sal*, mostly for
May - delivery. ' The May : option, as ; a result,
showed greater weakness than December," sell-
Ing off to $1 14%- o Later the market rallied
considerably on • covering -by shorts, who
bought freely on smallness of " the primary
movement " and on reports of* wet weather in
the Canadian Northwest: , On the ¦ upturn De
cember sold, at$l 16 and 'May at : $1 14%@
$1 14%.-^ A radical change in sentiment waa
experienced late In the . day as ; the : result
of bearish ! advices from the : Northwest, where
a heavy decrease in : flour trade was reported.
A rumor was . . circulated •'¦ that v v Minneapolis
mills would -be compelled. to shut down owing
to the slackened demand for flour. Sales of
large r.quantltles of wheat by houses with
Northwest ' connections seem to give additional
weight to depressing, reports. 1 Before "the de
cline was checked * December had dropped to
SI 14% and . May to $1 13%©1 13%. The
market -closed extremely weak with -December
at SI 14%@1 14%... Final quotations, on May
were SI 13%.
. 8entiment in the corn pit early in tbe
day was a trifle . easier. - The close waa firm,
December %o higher at 48%o^ v
Oatg were firm. December closed up a shade
at'28%c. .,--. . . - v
Provisions were weak under the influence
of persistent eelllng by pit traders. At. the
close January pork was off 22%c, lard was
down 17%c and ribs 12%c lower. •
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— - Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat- No. 2-r; .' ¦;.•'; \:^>" ' •'.-.¦ ¦; . , o '
October .... .... 113%
December ..... 1 15% 1 1« .1'14%-.1 14%
May ........... 1 14% 1 14% -1 "18% 1 13%
July 99% ,»9^ 98% 98%
' Corn No. 3 — •. . • • . - ¦ ¦ < .
October - ••• •••• »3
December .:... 48% 49% 48%- -49%
May 45% 46% 46% 46
Oats No. 2— ' v- ¦•
October ¦ ••••: 20X
December ..... 38% .. »% - SSfM, 28$
May ...... .. v . 81% 81H 60% 81%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October .;...'.. •.... .... ....1099
January .12 50 13 60 18 82% M 83%
May ...: .12 87% 12 40 12 82% 12 36
Lard, oer 100 lbs —
October ....... 7 25 ? 25 7 13% T 13%
January, ....... 7 22% 7 22% 7 10 7 10
May ¦:.'¦ 7 82% 7 82« 7 17% 7 17%
Short Ribs, per 100 lb« —
October ...... TT 12% 7 15 7 12%- T 15
January ....... 6 60 « 62% 6 42% 6 43%
May ........... 6 62% 6 65% 6 65 « 57%
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
way to this port/ 195.360 tons, against 239,400.
¦-.WHEAT — The foreign markets were not ma-*
terlally ¦ changed, ; : though Paris futures were
lower. • Yesterday's dispatches ; said that, ; no
body,, either «ln- this country or in^ Europe," ex
pected any : serious complication to' arise from
the Russian- English Incident in the North Sea.
;¦'• Chicago ¦ was ; lower ¦ and : devoid of .- especial
feature. The letter of * E. F. Hutton ? 4 Co. ;
said: : ."Primary ; receipts 'large - and the
cash markets! everywhere neglected.. Even
Minneapolis Is beginning to admit a disap
pointing demand for. Flour. -With the winter
Wheat ¦ mills - this , has been the case for some
time. .;¦¦• It was a case of scattered - liquidation
but very little short interests and poor trade.
The European situation is i not regarded aerl
ously, but ¦ It • Imparts enough anxiety to pro
vent . short selling."
In this market futures, especially May,- were
decidedly lower, with a large business In De
cember liquidation. The cash grain-was quiet
and " unchanged. . ' . • ¦
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, V $1 45@1 52% ; California
White Australian, $1'55@1 62&; Norther*
Club, $1 43® 1 52 H; Northern Bluestem, $1 60
@1 62% per ctl. • •
¦ FUTURES.
' Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
. - . .' ¦ - Open.' High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 44 ?1 44%- SI 43»; SI 44%
May ..;..... 1 47 '1 47 1 45%, 1 ifi\L
• "¦';•. 2 p. m. Session. - •
' Open. Hign7 Low. Close.*
December ...$1 44tf $1 44% $1 44% $1 «W
May— No sales; $r 46% asked. .'
BARLEY— The market for cash grain con
tinues quiet and unchanged, except that there
is a growing firmness in choice bright Feed, i
which is scarce and wanted. - Feed, - however,
is weak and hampers the market for ordinary
No. 1. Futures were lower yesterday, with .
more trading than for two weeks.*
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1@1 11U; Brewing and Shipping,
$1 12H@1 15; Chevalier, Si 17%01 22% P«'
j cental. . • - • ¦ .' ¦
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:80 a. m,
-•'¦:•: Open. , High. Low. Clo*«.
December ...$1 07% $1 07% $1 07*J $1 07%
May 1 07% 1 07?i 1 07% 1 07%
2 p. m. Session.
> . Open. '.' High. Low. Closa.
December ...$1 07% $1 07% $1 07% $1 07%
May ........ 1 08 108 107% r 107%
OATS — There - a»« no more Surprise on the
market at present. Offerings of Red ar* am
ple ¦ for, the demand, which . Is merely fair. "
placks are meeting with an average inquiry ,
for seedy' All quotations 'remain about as be
fore. Receipts yesterday ¦ were 8417 Ctls. so
It will b». seen that there Is no famine.
White, SI 40@l 6iHi; Surprise, nominal:
Red for feed,- SI 32%@1 46 for No. 1 and
$1 22%<S>1 30 for No. 2; extra fine- for seed.
$1 42%@1 SO: Black. SI 30® 1 85 for feed and
SI 60@l 66 for seed. -
. CORN — Receipts from the West continue of
almost dally occurrence, but there Is prao
tlcally none coming In from the State. The
market continues quiet and quotations hare
not varied for some tlma.
Western sacked. SI 40® 1 45 for Yellow. $1 43
for White and $1 40@l 42''- for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow, SI 4001 46; small round
do, SI 6fi@l 62%; White, nominal;. Egyptian.
II 35® 1 45 for White and SI 2601 30 for
Brown. • T
' RYE — Offerings are much lighter than they
were some time ago and the market Is firmly
held at $1 87%@1 42% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about (2 per ctl.
Rookies, Increase 2,SS9,000 ' bushels; afloat for
and In Europe, Increase 700,000 buahele; total
supply. Increase 3.539,000 bushels,
• Cornr^-United * States and : ; Canada, , east i of
Rockies. > decrease 1,109,000 bushels. '
¦ 'Oats — United States and* Canada, east -of
Rockies, decrease r 347,000 bushels. •¦ '/"
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO WEDNESDAY^ OCTOBER -26/ 19o£
Con tinu e d on Pas e ' Fo urt een.
Apples continued to monopolize the attention
of ; moat , fruit ¦ handlers,': a i good : demand ; being
reported for all grades^. The market, however.
had * a - weak t ton* \ tna< the « top : quotation : was
considered ¦', an * extreme > price I for ¦ fancy I stock.
Sl^lO;: beta* /the ruling- -. mice fo% th« cen-
Deciduous , and . Citrus Fruits.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
ADCTION SALES
, AT AUCTION. .
ON THURSDAY. OCTOBER 27. 1
At 11 o'clock, at tha
INTERNATIONAL HORSE MARKET,
Corner Twelfth and Harrison sts.
By order of MR. C. R. SUGGETT of Colusa,
I will sell two carloads of HORSES; broken
and unbroken, from 4 to 8 years old. from 1Q0O
to 1500. Jest arrived and must and will be sold.
8. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
£a &
AUCTION SALE of 73 HORSES and MARES.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 26. at 11 a. m.. AR-
CADE HORSE MARKET. "327 Sixth, st.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.GERCKE I ESTATE.— Friti . Gercke t yesterday
petitioned ; for • letter! ¦ of 5 administration * upon
the estate of his deceased , wife,' Minna Gercke.
who left no will. - The estate oonsisis of realty
.worth J26.000.. -',:,.- : , . . ¦"
/.Articles of 'incorporation : have been
filed by "the V" Scandinavian-American
Savings '. Bank, which 'purposes to do a
general 'banking -business : in : this ;clty.
The capital 1 stock is $300,000,; of which
$1000 each has been subscribed by the
following i directors ? S. ;- C» : Denson,> A.
E. Eldridge, J.. W. Wright, Harvey
.Yeaman. -, C. ; W- Wright, Mark Lane
and F..W.:Nash: -/^UMm
New Bank Incorporates.
. St. Anthony's booth, . In charge of Mrs.
Sounders; Oarlic Ijtagu* booth. In charge of
Mrs.' Qulnn: League of : th« ,: Cross booth.'' In
charge. of Mrs. Hellman; St. Joseph's booth.
In charged of • Mrs.-".W. , R. . Walsh : - Immaculate
Conception booth, In charge of Miss Mary
T. Walsh: Native Sons' and Daughters' booth.
In charge : of i Mrs. ; Moss ; St. Patrick's booth.
In charge of Mrs. ¦; John Coughlan; St. " Rose's
booth, In charge' of Mrs. Honora .Welch. The
candy stand will be In charge of Mrs. Thomas
McBriae. " The ; soda ¦¦ fountain - will > be . eared
for '¦¦ by the r Misses Brennan. .. and Mrs. Fitz
gerald will lofck after the- refreshment table.
. St. Rose's fair wiir be inaugurated
this evening ln'the parish hall with a
musical and. literary programme, in
cluding a few, remarks by the pastor,
Rev. J; F. . Nugent, and an ; address by
the I Rev. '¦ P. C. , Yorke. '.'. For the enter
bWment of- those, visiting; the ; fair a
nftical and ". literary programme has
boen prepared for each evening. "Fol
lowing : are '. the ; names of the different
booths , with the ¦ name < of . the lady in
charge: , , .. :
An Excellent Programme of Muusical
and Literary Numbers Has
' Been Arranged.
ST. ROSE'S FAIR TO
OPEN THIS EVENING
BANKRUPT ACCOUNTANT.— P. H. Gra
ham, a Sacramento accountant, filed a peti
tion in Insolvency yesterday In th« United
States District Court. He owes IXS71 and has
For an excellent lunch, table d'hote or a. U
carte, with or without wine, visit Thm Claren
don Cafe, 643 Post it., opposite Olympic Club. •
Dr. A. J. Dean, a well known prac
titioner of Haywards, died last night
at his residence. He had been suf
fering from heart disease since last
Friday. Dr. Dean was 46 years old,
unmarried and leaves a mother. He
was a member of Oakland Lodge of
Elks and the Eaeles.
Haywards Physician Dies.
HEBREW ASSOCIATIOX FAXR.— Th»
Younc Men's Hebrew Association la xnakinsr
•laborate preparations for the fair to be given
by the organization at 1970 Pag» «tr»t Octo
ber 31 to November «. The fair will be for
the benefit of the building fund ' \
We are Selling agents for "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents for
"The Marshall," the best $1 fountain pen
In the world. Sanbom. Vail & Co. •
PERSONAL.
J. O. Hayes of San Jose is at the Pal
ace.
Dr. A. G. Modgins of Honolulu is at
the St. Francis.
James Kirkland, a merchant of Hono
lulu, 1s at the Lick.
R. D. Chittenden, a rancher of
Fresno, is at the Grand. ..
- A. Maltman, a mining man *of Ne
vada City, is at the Lick.
Dr. W. G. Downing and wife of Sul
sun are guests at the Lick.
C. M. Keniston, an attorney of
Stockton, is at the Grand.
W. L. Carter, a jeweler of Santa
Rosa, is at the Occidental.
E. B. Edson of Gazelle registered
yesterday at the Occidental.
Dr. S. J. Call of the revenue cut
ter Thetis is at the Grand.
' George T. Bliss and s family of Erie-
Pa., are staying at the St. Francis.
C. E. Glidden, ! a box manufacturer
of Sisson, is staying at the Grand.
Frank P. Flint, the well-known Los
Angeles politician, is at the Palace.
Nathan Berg, an Insurance man of
Honolulu. Is registered at the Occi
dental. .'
_M. V. McQuigg. secretary of the elec
tric railway in Monterey, is a guest at
the Grand.
B/G.-Rosenstein. a well-known busi
ness man of Portland, and his wife are
at the Palace.' . ¦ -
: * R. W.i Spalding, son of the well
known . sugar ; planter of 'Hawaii, ; Is at
the, Occidental. :
R. X- : Ryan, 'general passenger/ and
freight agent' of .the T California North-
When your bowels are constipated,
when your appetite is poor, take Lash's
Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
Struck by Cable Car.
A. C. Greenfield, .a shirt manufac
turer of -725 Bush street, residing at
113:. Bernard street, while | leading a
bicycle across California, street at the
corner of Octavia. was .struck last
night by eastbound California-street
car ,No. 12, , in charge of Gripman
Frank Robinson. He was removed to
the Central Emergency Hospital,
where It was found ; that he had sus
tained a fractured" skull.' At an early
hour this morning he. was unconscious
and his condition was critical.
Unrnett'o Extract of Vanilla U the
leader all the world "over. Use no other. •
Mrs. E. H. Hilpisch, who conducts a
saloon at 249 Stevenson street, -was
robbed yesterday afternoon of $419. and
'jewelry valued at more than $200 while
she was 'absent from her home. "The
police were notified, but were unable
to find the burglar.
Mrs. Hilpisch had the money in two
valises, one of . which contained $118
that belonged to the Red Cross Society
and was to be turned over to the so
ciety; within a few days. The valu
ables were locked in a desk in her room
above the saloon. During the afternoon
she visited her son, who is ill at the
German Hospital. When she. 'returned
home she found that her apartments
had been entered, and the desk which
contained the money had been rifled.
She immediately, notified the chief of
detectives.' •• '
That the. thief who committed the
robbery was familiar with. the habits
of *Mrs. Hilplschand knew that she
kept money, in the house was evident
from the Jact that the only place ran
sacked for valuables, was the. desk.
The woman left the saloon in charge
of her bartender and son. They, have
no; clew to*. the perpetrator of the rob
bery. ..Thethief or thieves had to pass
through the saloon- and up .the rear
stairs to get into the room; as the front
door. was bolted. No one saw anyone
pass to the rear of the building.
Mrs. E. H. Hilpisch Visits
Son at Hospital While
Thief Robs Her Home
The passing of Fischer's was com
pleted yesterday when J3. A. Fischer
and-C, B. Rebman transferred their
interest, which was that of control, to
Paul -Friedman, Henry Cahen and
Tony Lubelski of the Novelty Theater
Company of Oakland. The doors of
the ' showhouse that has passed
through eras of success and of depres
sion during the few years of its exist
ence will be closed till November 7,
when it will be opened as a vaudeville
place of the 10 and 20 cent order.
Sale of Fischer's Consummated.
STEALS CASH
AND JEWELRY
Vice President Ramon Corral and
party were the guests of Admiral and
Mrs. McCalla at the Mare Island navy
yard yesterday. The party was con
veyed to the island on the torpedo
boat Preble and the tug Slocum and
en route the Vice President. General
Torres and Senator Perkins, -who were
aboard the Preble, visited the battle
ship Ohio, which the Mexican repre
sentatives carefully inspected. Ar
riving at the island the party was
greeted with a naval salute and re
ceived by Admiral McCalla and a bat
talion of marines and a band.
At noon the visitors • partook of
luncheon, at which there were also
present many of the navy yard of
ficials and prominent citizens of Val
lejo. Returning to this city last even-
Ing the Vice President and the other
male members of his party were en
tertained at a dinner given in their
honor by the Family Club.
Partakes of Navy Hospitality and
Dines at Family Club In the
Evening.
. Gamage, it is alleged, knew of the
insolvency matter, but on August 22
last appeared before Justice Daniels
and represented that he was acting for
the olaintiff in the old case. Dobler
says that the court was ignorant of
the situation and Gamage "falsely and
fraudulently" obtained Judgment-
The complainant further declares
that Gamajre had not then nor has
he at any time been admitted to prac
tice.
John Dobler yesterday sued for an
injunction to prevent Samuel New
man and Jules C. Gamage from ex
ecuting a judgment obtained against
himfor SI 36 in Justice Daniels* court.
The complainant accuses Gamage of.
practicing fraud and abusing the pro
cess of the court to extort money
from the plaintiff. The debt is an
old one. Dobler was sued . by New
man in June, 1887, but on a show
ing that he was unable tp pay his ob
ligations he. went through insolvency
proceedings. Newman was appointed
receiver and got $12 as a preferred
creditor. '>, : -
Jules C. Gamnge Charged With Abus
|||*||lnir Process of Court to Ex
tort 3ioney.
RAMON CORRAIj GUEST
OF ADMIRAIi McCALLA
ACCUSED OF OBTAINING
A FRAUDULENT JUDGMENT
We don't" 'sellfaUithe. best' suit cases
and bags, but all the suit cases and bags
we . do sell are the best; same with
trunks, pocketbooks and wrist bags. All
lettered in gold, free of charge. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Dress Suit Cases '. and Bags.
G. W. Hallock. city passenger and
ticket agent of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, returned yester
day from Eureka, where he attended
the convention of Shrlners. t
H. K. Bull, a prominent resident of
New York, and his wife arrived at the
Palace yestreday on their way to Los
Angeles.
J. M. Brownell, clerk of the Palace,
returned yesterday, from a three weeks'
trip in the East, which included a visit
to Chicago and St. Louis.
J. O. Carter, cashier of, the banking
firm of Bishop & Co. of Honolulu, ar
rived from the islands yesterday and
is staying at the Occidental.
Lynn Austin, formerly; cleric at ' the
Palace and later manager of the tented
city at Santa Cruz, has accepted a posi
tion of clerk at the California.
F. E. Pettingill of New York, who
has figured in several railroad projects
that never materialized, arrived from
the Eafet yesterday and is registered at
the Palace. . ' '. >'<
E. H. Hudson, a pioneer business man
of Marysville, and wife registered at
the Lick yesterday.
John Llewellyn, president of a big
iron works in Los Angeles, Is among
the latest arrivals at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. James Follis leave to
morrow on a trip to the East. They
will .visit the St. Louis Exposition en
route. «
western railroad, who hag been ill for
several weeks, has recovered sufficient
ly to attend to the duties of his office.
.' Charles Holman, a well-known local
insurance man, returned yesterday
from New York.
Following the addresses the entire
audience filed through the building and
inspected It thoroughly. The library,
which was planned by W. Curlett, con
sists of main and basement floors'.- The'
main floor celling is two stories in
height and equipped with a skylight
for proper lighting during the day. The
basement provides a large periodical
room and rooms for the transaction of
library business.
The first of the speakers last night
was Joseph O'Connor, president of the
Board of Library Trustees. Mr. O'Con
nor told briefly of tne object of the
gathering and introduced former Mayor
Phelan, who spoke on behalf of Mr.
McCreery. Mr. Phelan read a letter
he received from Mr. McCreery regret
ting the fact that a previous engage
ment compelled his absence. He then
went, on to tell of the early work done
by Mr. McCreery for the city and for
mally presented the library.
Mayor Schmitz on behalf of the city
thanked the donor for the gift and told
of the incalculable good it would do.
He related the history of the new li
brary and the generosity of Mr. Mc-
Creery.
R. C. Clarke, secretary of the Board
of Library Trustees, followed in a
short speech on behalf of the residents
of the Eureka Valley section of the
city and thanked the donor heartily
and sincerely.
The new branch public library No. 2,
hereafter to be known as the Mc-
Creery Library, after its donor, An
drew B. McCreery, was formally pre
sented to the city last night by former
Mayor James D. Phelan on behalf of
Mr. McCreery and accepted by Mayor
Schmitz on behalf of the city. The
presentation took place in the presence
of members of the Board of Library
Trustees, officers of the McCreery Li
brary and residents of the district in
which the new building is situated. The
ceremonies were simple and brief, as
requested by the donor, and the build
ing will at once be. opened for use.
The new library is situated on Noe
street, near Market, between Pond and
Prosper streets. The building is Bur
rounded by green lawns, made possible
by the courtesy of the Park Commis
sioners. The entire cost exceeds $50,
000. "v«"^
It was calculated that the city is los
ing about $20,000 yearly by non-pay
ment of the licenses. Smith will detail
ten men to-day to serve notices on the
delinquent owners. If these owners do
not comply at once warrants will be
•worn out for their arrest. The Finance
Committee agreed to supplement the
Tax -Collector's efforts in whatever
manner he deemed advisable.
The committee will visit the tax of
fice on Monday to inspect its workings.
Comparisons will be made with the li
censes paid in other cities with a view
to revising the existing ordinances If
deemed advisable. The object of the
conference was merely to arrive at
means to improve the collecting -of the
city's revenues.
' At a conference held yesterday by the
Supervisors' Finance Committee and
Tax Collector. Smith it was decided to
begin a crusade against nickel-in-the
slot machines on which no license tax
is paid. Smith said there were between
400 and 500 such machines in this city.
He was directed to compel payment of
the licenses, and refusal to pay will re
eult in the arrest of owners.
The Collector said that no assistance
•was given by the Police Department in
the matter, the Police Commissioners
claiming that the machines are unlaw
ful under four decisions of the Supreme
Court. The Finance Committee thought
it would be a good opportunity to de
termine the legality of maintaining the
machines. If the owners refused to pay
the license then they must either re
move the machines or submit to arrest,
the committee said. >*:.
Hopper's "Locomotive Jones" is a good foot
ball yarn In November Eun6et Magazine. A
Thanksgiving number, filled with attractive
matter. Get It of any newsdealer. •
Gift of Andrew B. 3IcCreery
Is Formally Presented by
Ex-Mayor James D. Phelan
Collector Smitli Begins Cru
sade Against 3Iany Owners
Who Are Without Permits
CITY RECEIVES
FINE LIBRARY
SLOT MACHINES
MUST PAY TAXES
Jane Corcoran, one of the most
popular of the group of stage stars,
comes to the, Grand Opera-house for
a two weeks' season, beginning with
next Sunday matinee. ,in "Pretty Peg
gy," the picturesque play by Frances
Aymar Mathews that created so. much
favorable comment during its run at
the Herald Square and Madison
Square heaters. New York City. The
play . deals with the interesting love
romance of Peg Wofnngton and Da
vid Garrick, beginning at the time
when Peg, scarcely more than a child,
was the rage jj of theatrical London.
Miss Corcoran. .herself just out of her
teens,. is admirably fitted to the cor
rect impersonation of the title role
and her success in-the part has been
pronounced. The supporting company
includes Andrew ?Robson and a num
ber, of other prominent players.
CLEVER YOUNG ACTRESS WHO
WILL. BE SEEN NEXT WEEK AT
THE GRAND, v
Markham's resignation was forward
ed to President Harriman four weeks
ago with a request that it be accepted
as soon as possible. Immediately upon
its receipt in the East he was sum
moned to Chicago, where an effort was
made by Director of Maintenance and
Operations Kruttschnltt and other Har
riman officials to induce him to recon
sider his plans and stay with the cor
poration.
The retirement of General Manager
Markham was a surprising bit of in
formation to the majority of the rail
road chiefs in the railroad building
yesterday and they hastened to their
superior's office, eager to get a personal
confirmation of the announcement.
Markham is regarded as a very capable
railroad man. having risen from the
position of section hand through vari
ous branches of the traffic and operat
ing departments to his present office.
He came here about six months ago
from the Harriman lines in Texas as
successor to Julius Kruttschnitt and
during his short stay here he has made
himself extremely popular with the
public and his associates in the rail
road world.
It was stated yesterday by General
Manager Markham that the Southern;
Pacific officials had not yet decided
who will succeed him but he expets
they will find a man within the next
few days.
Charles H. Markham, general man
ager of the Pacific system of the South
ern Pacific Company, has resigned his
position to accept a similar one, with
the Guffey Petroleum Company of
Texas. The announcement of his re
tirement from the railroad company
was formally made by him yesterday
arid will take effect as soon as his suc
cessor is named, by President E. . H.
Harriman. • In making his announce
ment General Manager Markham said
yesterday:
I am about to leave the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company for no other reason
than I have been offered another position
which Insures me a larger salary. I will re
tire from the road with the deepest regret
and, I am sure, with the best wishes of my
present employers. For several months nego
tiations between the men who control the
Guffey Petroleum Company and myself have
been going on and have finally resulted* In my
accepting the position of general manager of
the latter concern. I do not know exactly
when I will leave the railroad company, but
it will be immediately after its officers have
selected a man to succeed me.
; The lieutenant again demanded that
| the officer arrest him. and Handley
I complied. While waiting for the patrol
i wagon the lieutenant said to Handley.
"I will give you. a merry time for this,"
and Handley.told him to go ahead. The
lieutenant was driven in the patrol
wagon to the City Hall station, where
a charge of disturbing the peace was
I booked against him. He gave his cor
rect name and his occupation as a "sol
'dler." He was locked in a cell, but was
I released on $10 cash ball shortly after 6
o'clock in the morning.
Handley pushed his way through the
crowd and . asked the lieutenant what
was the matter. '
"There Is nothing the matter," said
the lieutenant.
"Well," said Handley, "you seem to
be the center of .attraction, and there
must be something the matter."
"Arrest me. arrest me," angrily re
torted the lieutenant. "I am the nephew
of the President. I want you to lock
me up."
' "I shall certainly arrest you," said
Handley. "if you don't tell me what'3
the. matter."
"What are you giving me?" he sai'd,
as he shot out his right hand and
caught Lowenberg on the Jaw. Lowen
berg returned the blow and was get
ting the worst of the encounter when a
man with a black mustache went to his
assistance. This man was knocked out
of business in quick order by the lieu
tenant, who abruptly left the scene and
walked toward Eddy street. He was
followed by a crowd, which attracted
the attention of Policeman F. W. Hand
ley.
• Lieutenant Granville R. Fortescue of
the Tenth United States Cavalry, a
nephew of President Roosevelt, who re
turned on the steamer Doric from the
Orient on Monday after spending some
time with the Japanese forces as a spe
cial representative of the army, with
the object of making a report to Wash
ington on the progress of the war, had
the' unenviable experience of being con
fined for six hours in a cell at the City
Hall police station yesterday morning.
He was arrested on a charge of dis
turbing the peace, and failing to appear
in ¦ Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday
forenoon his bail of 510 was declared
forfeited.
The lieutenant, dressed in a tuxedo
suit. ' had been making a disturbance
in Techau's Tavern, on Mason street,
and was finally induced to leave about
midnight. A hack ' was standing in
front of the entrance and the lieuten
ant/jumped into it. S..G. Loweriberg,
the hackman, was in the act of closing
the door when the lieutenant came out
and demanded to see Lowenberg's li
cense. Lowenberg showed him his
badge, but that did not satisfy the lieu
tenant.
Will Leave for Texas as
Soon as His Successor Is
-Chosen by E. H. Harriman
Representative of Army
I in Oriental War Comes
to Grief in Street Row
NEWS IS A SURPRISE
• . _^ ¦ . <
ON WAY TO WASHINGTON
General Manager of South
ern Pacific Resigns to Go
With a Big Oil Company
GranTille Fortescue Uses
His Fists on Hackman
'and Goes to City Jail
TEDDY'S NEPHEW
IS A SCRAPPER
C.H.MARKHAM
IS TO RETIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO ?GALU, V WEDNESDAY; 26, 1904;
Star Will Appear
In "Pretty Pee"
14
. _ '" ¦'¦¦:., APVERTTSTrvnryrS. '
FALL UNDERWEAR
Our stock of men's, women's and children's Underwear for fall
and winter is complete and comprises all the leading lines from the
Dest European and Eastern manufacturers at most reasonable prices.
MEN'S NEGLIGEE SHIRTS, made of fine Scotch tennis flannel in
a great variety of patterns, cut full sizes and per- ei Tff r i.
feet fitting, regular value $3.25. ; Price . * 3fr I • # O taCll
MEN'S HEAVY. FLANNELETTE NIGHT SHIRTS, extra length
and width, in a number of colorings, sizes uto ci nnr i.
19, at ,. 5j>I.UU hacn
MEM'S UNDERWEAR! LADIES' UNDERWEAR.
MEN'S HEAVY NATURAL LADIES' PLAIN GRAY MERI-
GRAY MERINO SHIRTS, NO VESTS AND DRAW,
full finished, with drawers to ERS, medium weight and non-
""* ".:::: $1.00 Each sh ™! kab ! e - .?;;; -75c Each
MFK'«: T7VTT?a WT7AX7V attc LADIES' PLAIN WHITE ME-
MH.N i> U.XTKA HEAVY AUS- RTNO VFST1 AMT» r»t?AU7
f«es,; at ....: §1.50 *.;;;;;;;;;;; $1.00 Each
MEN'S EXTRA HEAVY MED- H?S?\ fSBJg ? IBB ED ME-
LICOTT SCOTCH WOOL S INO VESTS AND DRAW-
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS EI ? S : m . mediuni and heavy
full finished, seams in white weights, in both white and na-
and gray, a. ««!. at ...... $ |. 0 Q
LADIES' HEAVY AUSTRAL-
MEN'S VICUNA CASHMERE IAN WOOL VESTS AND
WOOL SHIRTS, also drawers DRAWERS, warm and dur-
to match, fine finished seams, able, natural color, in all sizes,
a !..::;.::.:.:.$2.25 Each $1.25 Each
MEN'S FINE CASHMERE t ffiJS CT IH T51 H^£
SSPJ*^? 1 - 1 ? 8 and DRAW " VESTS and DRAWERS, cov^
fcKb, full finished seams, heavy ered seams, vests with lonz
h : o i', n r. na :$2.50 Each ".". T *:*::;; $1.50 Each
HOSIERY.
500 dozen LADIES' BLACK CASHMERE HOSE, in plain or rib-
bed, with solid black or gray soles, suitable for rn ft n •
winter wear, at ; ,...... r DUG lalT
GLO\/ES.
A new stock of LADIES' IMPORTED FRENCH KID GLOVES
in selected skins, all colors, including black and 01 g\r\ r. .*
white.at ;.;.-.* $1.00 Pair
A manufacturer's stock of LADIES' FINE FRENCH KID
.GLOVES, 2 clasps, in all leading shades, good 01 Off up-
value for $1.50, on sale at , x> I. iiO nllf
UMBRELLAS! ~]~" NECKWEAR.
I W» have received a lar»» itock
A complete stock of Umbrellm. In ] O f Ladles' Xeck^ear. In th» most «x-
SP II I to 121 Post Street •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f*tfIR AP niM I I'C
xjrjnilv/iLlvI/JVJUl^l O
B ~ W^t^ i^k w WMSL -^fcJB Wm L^m JBhT, 1 ' <^^ ¦ * a Z maa \ aa^^ m \\\ aa \^^ m \ aaaam^ m i
The superiority of Ghirardelli's Ground
Chocolate has been recognized throughout
, the West for over half a century— its
purity, nutritiveness and delicious flavor
.making it» a cocoa preparation of the
To guard against substitutes insist
upon getting the original D.G&iran
delli's Ground Chocolate packed in
¦ patented hermetically sealed cans.
..JOSEF HOFMANN...
The Famous Pianist*
Speaking of the
.. Steinway Piano ..
SAYS:
There is but one best piano, and that is the Steinway, and no
other piano approaches it. I want to give the greatest possible pleas-
ure and satisfaction to my audience. By accomplishing that I gain
the greatest reputation, and that is what I want. This end I attain
by using the Steinway. I desire you to distinctly understand that
there is no money consideration whatever to influence me in my
"There may be some pianists who are paid for using and praising
the pianos they play upon, but certainly I do not belong to that class.
Those who sell their services against their own convictions are' on
the downward path and have nothing more to lose. You have asked
me my candid opinion about pianos for the benefit of the public,
and I have told you what I honestly think on the subject."
The New "Puritan" Model
$525.00 V
Is a beautiful example of Steinway excellence — it is the ideal piano
for the home.
Easy payments if desired — all styles and all makes.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.
KEAICNYANDSUTTERSTS., S. F.
13th AND BROADWAY, Oakland.
V ADVEKTlSEaiEXTS. ____ _ ¦_¦.¦¦ \ -¦ ¦
ftlNOVAiSlin
I Closing days of a sensational value-giving sale I
1 of Furniture, Carpets, Draperies and Wall Papers. I
B CaMietS ' Upholstered §}
H OFzy-Q Parlor Fjirniture. M
p| A splendid 'opportunity -to, '* | . Magnificent patterns repre- ¦
m secure the best floor coverings . ' sen ting the difTerent periods H
I at marked reductions. 1 £' ?"f^w ' ext l uis j te ; . covc -^ 1
pj . M . in 8 s - •c.normous reductions. * w|
M A few representative quotations from the offerings 9
II ¦ in our Furniture Department: " '. Wi
P Mahogany Double Bed and Bureau—Very elaborate French bev- 1
H cl plate mirror. The two piece 5 $175. Removal Sale Price (M«)C M
a Full Quartered Oak Double 'Bed . arid '; -Bureau— Beautiful and B
y handsomely finished. The two' pieces $160. 'Removal Sale OlOC. R
¦ Price;. . . . ¦.-. ...... . :•¦•.. . .....;..... ; r.". ...... .;.;..;;- .f^lf p M
M Three Piece ; Mahogany ; Set— Bed, Dresser and Wash r Q7C B'?
H Stand. The three pieces $100.. Removal Sale; Price. .:....; .*;-.' V I 0 1
H , .Three ; .Piece ; Quartered /Oak :iSe1^Bed, :^Dr : esser.- J and=''^Vash' : '((ton H
M Stand. The three pieces :$no. Removal:Sale;Pnce : ...i.:;.. OOli n
i-B Weathered; Oak; Sideboard— Mirror .back, 'handsomely con- I
I structed,. $95. Removal Sale Price .....-.' /....•...;.... Ou 11 H
H WeatheredOak China Closet— A^ most exquisite design.'O/jc B
| $57-50- Removal Sale Price.. ....... ....'.\ .;.......;,. .....":;¦ ' v*tD I
¦ Weathered Oak S^foot: Circular Extension •Tabic; $37 5o. Cnh I
J Removal/ Sale 1 Price . . . . . . . ..' . . . ......:(....'... . . . : '. : . . . . . ; : . ., vd U I
¦ Deliveries are 'planned to your convenience- goods 'sent at once •'¦-.' K
m ~ or during the holidays.- # ¦' . , * . *. fa
B 649L65<1 MAR KET ST ke/Trny 1
APY^KRTISEMJEXTS.
1
/*!»•¦) Record
V/On6eS [ BreaKing
) Values
?S. 35 & 40c* Coffees
Quality
are so good that
you will want more.
&H Fresh Coffees
15, 20, 25, 30 cts.
We are giving
Free |
Double Premiums. |
Come early , |
just to look. I
Great American Importing Tea Co. I
Money Saving Store. |
661 Market 213 Sntter 2732 24th M
. 140 Sixth 210 Grant ave 1419 Polk M
475HiSsht 1619 Devlsadero 705 Larking
82S5MlMlon 3006 Sixteenth 146 Ninth K
SOOS Fill more 621 Montr' y ave S£5 Hayea ¦
366 Third 2S16 Mission 62 Market!
488 Fourth - ~ ,206 Third- • / g
CUTLERY
EVER^BLADEWRRANTH)
Always. Remember the Fall JName
l^sx&tiye Rromo £3111111118
Cure* * Cold la One Day, Griptn 3 Days
. ©. y^v^rpvw-' fee. 25c