The Sunday Call Magazine"No; I wanted to give- you a Dlt or
news, and to repeat an old question
of mine. Do you know what , they, are
going to do next with your railroad?"
"Yes; Hildreth told me this after
noon-"
"Well, what are you going to do?"
"Nothing/ - There is' nothing to be
done. They haye held to the , form of
legal procedure thus far,' but they
won't doit any more. They will take
MacFarlane oft* In a corner somewhere,
have him make' Guilford permanent re
ceiver, and } the lease to the Overland
will be consummated on the spot. I
sha'n't be in it." .'
"Probably not; certainly not -if you
don't try to get in it. And that brings
me back to the old question. Are you
big enough/ David?'.'
, "If you think I haven't been big
enough to live up to my opportunities
thus far, I'm afraid I may disappoint
you again." he said doubtfully.* •„¦
"You have disappointed me," she ad
mitted." "That is why I &m- asking:
I'd like to be reasonably sure your
Jonathan Edwardsy notions are not
going to trip us again." " .
"Portia, if I thought you : really
meant that. . . *A. conscienceless man
is bad enough, God knows; but a con
scienceless woman-" . . *
Her laugh was. a decorous little
shriek.
"Eavld, you are not/ big; you are
narrow, narrow,' narrow!.; Is there
then no, other: code of morals in .the
roundworld save that which: the, acci
dent of birth has interleaved with your
New England ' Bible? s\What* Is /.con
science? Is it an absolute standard -of
. right and wrong? Or > Is it merely
your ideal or mine, or Shaflz Ullah
:Khan's?". ' . -
"You may call it all the hard names
you can: lay 'tongue ..to," , he allowed.
"I'munot getting much comfort^ out: of
it, and I rather /enjoy it abus
ed- .But youare thrusting at a shadow
in the present instance. >' Do you know
what I: did this afternoon?"
' '"How should 1 know?".' '•¦.,'
fanaticism. I do love consistency, and
the courage of it. But tell me, If you
can, how far these fair.-flghtlng scru- .
pies of yours go. You have made it
perfectly plain that- if a thief should
steal your pocketbook, you would suf
fer loss before you'd compromise with
him to get it back. But suppose you
should catch him at it; would you feel
cpmpelled to call a policeman— *>r
.. would ¦ you— ",
He anticipated her.
"You: are doing me an injustice on
the other side. now. I'll fight as furi
ously as you ¦ like. • All I ask is to be
given a weapon that won't bloody my
hands."
"Good!" she said approvingly. "I
think! have found the weapon, but it's
desperate, desperate! And oh, David!
you've cot to have a cool head and a
steady hand when . you use it. If you
haven't, it will kill everybody within
the swing of It— everybody but the
¦man-you are trying to; reach." .
"Draw it and let me feel its edge,"
he said shortly.
Her chairs was close beside the low
swung hammock. She bent to his ear
and whispered a single sentence. For
a minute or two he sat motionless,
weighing and balancing the chance of
success against the swiftly multiplying
difficulties and hazards. .
."You call lt.desperate," .he said at
length; t'if there is a'Mgger word in
the language, you oiighWto find it ana
use it. ' The risk is that 'of a' forlorn
hope: not so much for me, perhaps, as
for, the innocent— or. at least ignorant
accomplices I'll have to enlist." ,
She nodded. - - ,. , •
"That is true. But how much Is your
railroad : worth ?'". :
"It is bonded for fifty millions first,
and twenty millions second mortgage."
.: "W«ll, v r seventy millions are. wor«.»i
.fighting for: worth a very considerable",
risk, I should say.". ,v
"Yes." And after another thought
. ful interval: "How did you^come to
think of it?" sV;: >
• . "It' grew : out of a bit of .' talk ; ' with:,
the man who will have; to, put the^'apex,
on ; our ¦ pyramid " after .we have . done
'.our-part." : \ ;-"~-:;.c.y ;, ; :..- " - •, : ;-,^ .'-.
/ '¦;; V Will. he stand .by,us?,i If he, doesn't,
:;. we '< shall') all /-be: no V; sbetter>.than*dead
merivthe'morningiafter theJ fact."., ,;
r 'i She \ clasped her 1 "hands tightly over
; : ~. *M.--- -¦'¦¦ \
."That : is one7of, the 'chances we-must'
Hake,' David;; one of ,the. many. But it Is
;theiast,of ithe bridges to be crossed and v
• there »lots "of I them S in between. > Are
.¦ the ; details \ possible ? IThat was the . part
HI cbuldn'tgo into; by^. myself." v-7 ; ... ~~ L ¦;'
¦ He - too"k rother,, minutes " for/reflection.
irJ VI\can't\ tell,",: he -said; i doubtfully. -"If;
¦- I could i only : know how, much time ,we '
: ;have.".; f/-vv7;-,!v :^-''JZ : ':'.^.::^^ ¦ '¦: '.¦' '-. • '
)« .Herj eyes grew» luminous. . v ' -,•,'. '¦„ <.•
*:^"David, '--vwhat .would^you^doiwithout
'iine?" > she! asked^^To-morrow, night,
• in. Stephen Hawk's oflice in Gaston.'you
;* wIlHlose iyour, railroad.'^ MacFarlane: is '
: or. If he 'isn't, " he'll , be 'v there , in
'the '" morning;.'^ Bucks/ "• Guilford and
have the sinewa of war. But you must
regard it as an advance and .name
your fee. to the Boston folk so you can
pay It back." • * .
He 'protested again, rather weakly.
"It looks like extortion: like another
graft." he said; and now she lost pa
tience with him. - •
"Of all the Puritan fanatics!? she
cried. "If it were a simple commercial
transaction by which you would save
your clients a round seventy million
dollars, which would otherwise be lost,
vould you scruple to take a proportion
ilie fee?" .
• ""No; certainly not." ¦"[;_*» -
"Well, then; you go and tell Mr. Lor
ing to wire his Advisory. Board, and
to do it to-night."
. "But I'll have to name a figure." said
Kent.
"Of course," she replied. . .¦••
Kent .thought about it for a ions
minute. Then he said: * "I wonder if
ten thousand dollars, and expenses,
would paralyze them?"
. Miss Van Brock's comment was a lit
tle shriek of derision.
"I knew you'd make difficulties -when
it came to the paying part of it, and
since I didn't know, myself. I wired
Mr. Ormsby again. Here is what he
says," and she untwisted a second tele- «
gram and read it to him. " 'Fee should
not be less than 5 per cent of bonded
indebtedness; four-fifths in stock at
par; one-fifth cash; no cure, no pay.* "
"Three .million five hundred thousand
dollars!" gasped Kent.
"It's only nominally that much*" sh*
laughed. "The stock part of it la mere
ly'your guaranty of good faith; It Is
worth next to nothing now. and It will.
be many a long day before it goes to
par, even if you are successful In sav
ing its life. . So your magnificent fee
shrinks to seven hundred thousand dol
lars, less your expenses." • :"
"But heavens and earth! that's aw
ful!" said Kent.
"Not when you consider it as a sur
geon's risk. You happen to be th«
one man who has the Idea, and if it
isn't carried out, the patient is going
to die to-morrow night, permanently.
You are the specialist in this case, and
specialists come high. Now you may
go and attend to the preliminary de
tails, if you like."
He found his hat and stood up. Sh»
stood with him: but when he took her
hand she made him sit down again.
"You have at least three degrees of
fever!" she exclaimed; "Or Is It only
the three-mlllion-flve-hundred-thou
sand-dollar shock? "What have you
been doing to yourself?"
"Nothing. I assure you. I haven't
been sleeping, very well for. "a* few
nights. But that is only natural."
"And I said you must have a cool
head? Will you do exactly as I tell
you to?"
"If you don't make It too hard."
"Take the car, down, town— don't walk
— and after you have made Mr. Loring
send his message to Boston, 3'ou go
straight to Doctor BIddle. Tell him
what Is the matter with you, and that
you need to sleep the clock around."
"But the time!" he protested. "I shall
. need every hour betweea now. and to
morrow night!" . • -
"One clear-headed* hour Is worth a
. dozen muddled ones. as I say."
, VI hate drugs," lie said.. rising again
"So do "1:! but there is' a tinja for
everything under the sun.: It is a cry- .
Ing necessity- that you go Into this
fight perfectly fit and with an .your
.wits about you. If you don't, some
!bcdy— several somebodies— will land In
the penitentiary.. Will you mind me?"
"Yes," he promised; and this > time
he got away. < -
'¦i'*' ¦'-; CHAPTER XXVI. ; t
On the High Plains.
Much to Elinor's relief, and quite as
much, perhaps, -to Penelope's, Mrs.
Brentwood tired of Breezeland Inn in
less than a fortnight and began to talk
of returning to the apartment-house in
the capital.
Pressed to give a reason for her dis
satisfaction, the younger sister might
have been at a 'oss to account for' It In
words; but Elinor's desire to cut the
¦ outing short was based upon pride and
militant shame. After many trap-set
tings she had succeeded in making
her mother confess that the j stay at
Breezeland was at Ormsby*s expense;
and not all of Mrs. Brentwood's petu
lant Justlfyings could remove the atin*
of the. nettle of obligation. .
"There is no reason in the world why
you should make so much of It: -I am
\ your mother, and. I ought to know,"
was Mrs. Brentwood's dictum. "You
wouldn't have any scruples If we .were
his guests on the Amphltrlte or. In his
country house on Long. Island." l
"That would be different." Elinor
contended. "We are not his quests
here; we are his pensioners.";
"Nonsense!" frowned" the mother.
"Isn't It beginning. to occur to you that
beggars shouldn't be choosers? And.
besides, .so far as you are concerned,
you are only anticipating a little."
. It was an exceedingly injudicious, not
to say, brutal way of putting It; and
the blue- gray eyes flashed fire. :
"Can't you see that you are , dally
making a marriage between us moro
and more impossible?" was the bitter
rejoinder. Elinor's metier was'jcool
composure under fire, but sh© wa» not
always able to compass it.
Mrs. Brentwood fanned herself -vigor
ously. She had been aching to have It
out with this self-willed young woman
who was playing fast and loose with
attainable millions, and the hour had
struck."
"What made you break It off with
Brookes Ormsby?" she snapped;, add
ing: "I don't wonder you were ashamed
to tell me about It." , *~;v
,"I did not break It off: and I was not
ashamed." Elinor had .regained her
self-control, and the angry light in the
far-seeing eyes was giving place/ to tha
cool gray • blankness which she ; cultl
*vated. '
"That is what Brookes told m«. but I
didn't believe ' him," said the'* mother.
"It's all wrong, anyway, and I more
¦than half believe David Kent is at the
. bottom of It." *
, -Elinor left her chair and went to the
'window, which looked • down on the
sanitarium, the ornate' parterre, and
1 ; the " crescent driveway. ' These family
1 .bickerings were very trying to her. and
L the -longing to escape them was some
' - times strong enough to override cool
reason and her Innate sense of the flt
' ness of things. f.yi '
; :in her moments of deepest depression
• she told herself, that the prolonged
-*" struggle was making' her hard and
' . cynical ; * that she was growing . more
' and . more on the Grlmkle side and
> shrinking on the Brentwood. With
' the unbending uprightness of the Grlm
• kle forebears there went, a prosaic and
unmalleable strain destructive alike of
t sentiment and the»arusuc ideals. This
. -strain* was 'in her blood, and. from
t childhood she had fought It, .hopefully
; at times, and at other times, as now,
t despairingly. There were tears in her
eyes when she turned to the window;
1 and if they were 'merely tears of'self
r pity, they were better than none.. Once,
5. in the halcyon summer, David Kent
had said that the most hardened crim
l inal In the . dock was less .dangerous
eral one that they won't let the grass .
grow under their feet."
"No. God blast the wnole— I wish I
could swear in Sanscrit. The mother
tongue doesn't begin to do justice : ; to
it. Now I know what Bucks meant'
when he told me to take my railroad, \
if I could get it. He had the whole,
thing coopered up in a barrel at that
minute." >
"I take it you have no alternative
to this," said the editor, tapping the
pile of affidavits. . '•
"Not a cursed. shred of an Idea! And,
Hildreth— V he broke off short because
once again the subject suddenly grew
too large for coherent speech.
Hildreth disentangled himself , from
the legs of his chair and stood up-to«
put his hands on Kent's shoulders.
"You are up against it. hard, David,"
he said; and he repeated: "I'd give all
my old shoes to be able to help you
out."> ¦ •
"I know it," said Kent; and then he
turned abruptly and went away.
Between 9 and 10 o'clock the same
evening Kent was walking the floor of
his room, trying vainly to persuade
himself that virtue was its own re
ward, and wondering if a small dose of
chloral hydrate would be defensible
under the cruel necessity for scleep.
He had about decided in favor of the
drug when a tap at the door announced
the coming of a bellboy with a note It
was a 'message from Portia.
"If you have thrown away your
chance definitely, and are willing to
take a still more desperate one, come
to see me," she wrote; and he went
mechanically, as a . drowning man
catches at a straw, knowing it will not
save him.
The house in Alameda squara was
dark when he went up the /walk; and
while he was feeling for the bell-push
his summoner called to him out of the
electric ster.cilings of leaf shadows un
der the broad veranda, .
"It is too fine a night to stay In
doors," she said. "Come and sit in the.
hammock while I scold you as you de
serve." And when he had taken i the
hammock: ¦ ."Now - give an account of
yourself. Where have you been : for
the past age or two?"./ ;
"Wallowing around in' the ' lower
depths of the place that Dant© ¦ vis
ited," he admitted/; : . ./
"Don't you think you deserve a man
."handling?" ' . ' ' : ' '-'
"I suppose so; and If vou have It in
mind.sl shall probably get It. But I.
may say I'm not especially anxious for
a tongue-lashing to-night.". ; •
•,". "Poor •boy!'-'? she murmured,. in mock
* sympathy. ', "Does it . hurt to be truly /
good V ' -*s ;'*^RiyPB@^li^ " ' •
¦ "Try; it : some ;tlrqe, when -you have a
little;leisure, and' see^for. yourself," he
• retorted. v'"^ , •- '';'-¦/ " .
< She laughed.;.;;. ..„ -<
; Y "No ; \ I'll .- leave sthat - . tori, the^ Miss
Brentwoods. - - By . the way, , did . you » go
'to tell the household ¦ good-by ?/| Penel-,
'•; ope. was wondering" audibly rwhat; had ;
become of you.'.'c-'V. ;^< i; ¦ r. - .*- ;,?v ;."'--¦
' • : VI .. didn't ,- know,i they ..were . '.gone. .1
have \ been nowhere since .the night : you I
. drove : me .out with . contumely and : op
probriutn."*j^ V :,±. ¦¦¦. r !i;:>^ ¦ v't ; : '>
She laughed: again.. /. . ,
"You must : have • dived deep. ' .They *
went . a ; week '. ago ¦• Tuesday,"; and P;. you j
I lost your ' ghostly^ adviser; and ? your, po- 'I
litcal stage manager.'at' one ifelPswoop.^;
But it; isn't, wonderfulithat;youj haven't:
r missed> Mr, tOraisby.'"* Having? elected »
¦iMiss.Brentwpodiy.ourKCoriscience^keep^
' 'er- In-chief , you have no ' further use for
'¦ the'P.*-S.VM.l'-;*-::^/VV- i . f >- «Z : \ '¦:"'¦ '^-1 •>'
."And you have ho^further.use for.me."
apparently,"/ he;coiriplalned;*jVDid ;you
, send ¦' for me . so that : you might ? abuse
t me In" the second; edition?'" .
Hawk will go down from here to-mor
row evening, and the Overland people
are to come up from Midland City to
met them."
There was awe undisguised In the
look he gave her, and it had crept into
his voice when he said:
"Portia, are you really a fleah-and
blood woman?"
She ftmiled. -•-.'¦'
"Meaning, that your ancestors would
have burned me for a witch? Perhaps
they would; I think quite likely they
burned women who mad^e better
martyrs. But I didn't have to call In
Flibbertigibbet. The. programme is a
carefully guarded secret, to be sure;
but it 'Is known— It had to be known—
to a number of people outside of our
friends the enemy. You've heard the
story of the Inventor and his secret,
haven't you?"
"No."
"Well, the man had Invented some
thing and he told the secret of It to
his son. After a, little the son wanted
to tell it to a friend. The old man said,
'Hold on; I know it— that's one—hold
ing up one finger— 'you know It— that's
eleven'— holding up another finger be
side the first; 'and now if you tell this
other fellow, that'll be one ' hundred .
and eleven'— holding up three fingers.
-That is -the case with this programme.
One of the one hundred and eleven
he Is a person high up in the manage
ment of the Overland Short Line —
dropped- a few words In my hearing
and I picked them up. That's all."
"It . is fearfully short— the time, I
mean," he said after another pause.
"We can't count on any help from any
one in authority. Guilford's broom has
swept the high salaried official cor
ners clean. But the wage people are
mutinous and ripe . for anything. I'll
go and find out where we stand." And
he groped on the floor of the veranda
for his hat.
"No, wait a minute," she interposed.
I "We are 5 not quite ready to . adjourn
yet. There remains a little matter of
, compensation — your compensation -r
to be considered. You are still on
the company's payrolls?''
, "In a' way,*? yes; as Its legal repre
sentative i, on ? the ground."
"That^-won't;do. If you carry this
thing through ; successfully /it must be
on your own -account, -and "not as , the
company's --paid servant. .'You 1 must
resign and make .« terms with Boston
beforehand; and that,fcoo;.without"tell
*ing Boston what you propose to do." .
. He . haggled a"; little • at 'that. .'
• "The company 13 entitled to^my serv
ices," he asserted.^fjg353BSBB|
.; 4 s 'It '¦ is entitled \to /what : . it : pays for—'
- your legal • services. \: But this is entire
ly different:' You -will be actingr'upon
your ownlinltiative.^ and you'll .have- to
spend' money like -water at* your* own :
ri3k. : You be *free' to^deal with
; Boston as " a noutsider." .
\ ,."But;iI , have* no k money to "spend."
. he objected.; -"-•>¦'.*¦ vi : ' : '. . ¦¦¦•• ' ">;'¦¦¦.'''
. "."." Again . the! brown eyes grew'lumin
/ous; and again she said: „ ¦¦' ¦''-;' /.
' 'What ¦- wculd you', do without V xne?
o Happily," my.": information * came',' early
• enough'. to. enable me, to; get a«letter to
Mr.' Ormsby. . He . answered s promptly
.by. wire this morning. Here is his tele
• gram.»»MBlBPjjB9tBHB
n She had '^ been*- winding a tightly
,", folded, slip of paper around her fingers,
and • she; smoothed It * out and . gave , it
*r.tOfhlml He held it in* a patch of the
-light Between the dancing leaf
shadows and ;read: •. -
'.¦ ;/'Plot: No. 2 approved. *¦ Have wired
j one . hundred thousand to • Kent's order
* Security Bank. . Have him draw as he
"needs." ;" ' ¦"-] *..
"So now you see," she went 1 on,. "you
word bared his tee t'h, because his lips
were .dry. 1 •¦ ¦'.¦":'¦¦ ¦•".- -",'.' - -..¦' ; ;
!V1 thought I knew, in the old Gas- ,
ton days, how many different* kinds ol ,
a scoundrel wou could be,/ but ;,.'
succeeded in showing me some new
variations in the last few minutes. It's
a thousand pities that the people of a
great State should be at the mercy ol
such a gang of pirates as you and Hen
dricks and Meigs and MacFarlane,
and "
"Break;it off!" eairi Bucks.
"I'm through. I was merely going
to add that I have concluded not to
buy you." ' ¦ . ." ", " ¦'¦¦¦-».
"Then it's to be' war to the knife, .
-Is it?" . . - -.,',¦
"That is about the size 1 of it," said
Kent: and the Governor found his hat
"I'll trouble you to return . my prop
erty," he growled, pointing to the .table .
drawer.
"Certainly." -Kent broke the revolver .
over the blotting pad, swept the eject
ed cartridges into the open drawer,
and ; passed' the empty weapon to its
owner.
' When the door closed behind the out
going .visitor the victor in the small
passage at arms began to walk tha
floor: but at 4. o'clock, which was Hil
dreth's hour for coming downtown, he
put en his hat and went to climb the
three flights of stairs to the editor's
den. in the Argus building.
CHAPTER XXV.
Dead Water and Quick.
• The cubby-hole In which Hildreth
earned his bread by the sweat of his
bruin was dark even at midday; and
during working hours the editor sat
under a funnel-shaped reflector in a
conic shower-bath of electric light
which flooded man and desk and left
the corners of the room in a penumbra
of grateful twilight.
Kent sat just outside of the cone
of radiance, watching Hildreth's face
as the editor read stolidly through the
contents of the box envelope. It was
an instructive study in thought dyna
mics. There was a gleam of battle
satisfaction in the editorial eye when
Hiildreth faced the last sheet down
upon the accumulation of evidence,
saying:
"You didn't overstate the fact in your
brag about the political graves. Only
this isn't a spade; it's a steam shovel.
Do I understand you are giving me
this stuff to use as I please?"
"Just that." said Kent.
"And you have made It serve your
turn, too?"
"No." Kent's voice was sharp and
crisp.
"Isn't that what you got for It?"
"Yes."
"Then why don't you use it?"
"That was what Bucks wanted to
know a little while ago when he came
to my rooms to try to buy me off. I
don't think I succeeded in making him
understand why I couldn't traffic with
it; and possibly you wouldn't under
stand."
"I guess I do. It's public property,
and you couldn't divert it into private
channels. Is that the way it struck
you?" . . '
"It's the way it ' struck a friend of
mine whose sense of ultimate right and
wrong hasn't lost its fine edge in the
world-mtlL I do not want to do it."
"Naturally," said the editor. "Giving,
it up means the loss of- all you have
been working for in the railroad game.
I wish I could use it just as it stands."
"Can't you?"
"I am afraid not— effectively. It
would make an issue in a campaign; or,
sprung on the eve of an election, it
might down the ring conclusively. I
think it would. But this is the off year
and the people won't rise to a political
issue — couldn't make themselves felt if
they should."
"I don't agree with you. You have
your case all made out, with the evi
dence in sound legal form. What is to
prevent our trying it?" .
"The one thing that' you ought to be
lawyer enough to see at a glance. There
is no court to try it in. With the As
sembly In" session we might do some
thing; as it is we can only yap at the
, heels of the ringsters, and our yapping
won't help you in the railroad fight.
What do you hear from Boston?"
"Nothing new. The stock is still
. flat on the market, with the stock
. holders' pool holding a bare majority*
• and the Plantagould brokers buying in
driblets wherever they can find a sm.aU
. holder who is willing to let go. It Is
• only a Question of time, and a very
short time at that."
'? The editor wagged his head in sym
pathy.
; "I wish I could help you, David.
• You've done a big thing for me— for
[ the Argus; and all I have to hand you
[ In return Is a death sentence. Mac
. Farlane is back."
j "Here? In town?"
"Yes. And that isn't the worst of it.
, The Governor Bent for him."
• "Have you any idea what is in the
\ wind?" asked Kent, dry-lipped.
, "I'm afraid I have. My young men
> have been nosing around in the Trans
. western affair and several things have
developed. Matters are . approach
. ing a crisis. The cut-rate boom
; is about to collapse and there
; is trouble brewing in the labor organi
zations. If Bucks doesn't get his hench
, men out of It pretty soon, they will be
; involved In the smash — which will be
bad for them and for him, politically."
r "I developed most or that a good
. while ago," Kent cut in. .
"Yes; I know. But there is more to
r fellow. The stock-smashing plan was
t all right, but it is proving too slow.
r Now they are going to do something
• else."
I "Can you give it a name?" asked
r Kent, nerving himself. ."
"I- can. But first tell, me one ; thing;
¦ as matters stand, could Uuilfofd* dis
pose of the road — sell' It or lease" it?"
"No; he" would first have, to be made.
i permanent receiver and be "given - au
i tborltyby the court." •:
"Ah! that explains Judge'; MacFar
s lane's return.* -, Now "¦ what ' I > am ; going i
r _ to tell you is the deadest of secrets.
I 1 1 came to ' me ¦ f roin - one of J the . Over
- land officials,' and I'm* not "supposed ! to
i gossip. Did you'- know the ;• Overland
- Short s, Line* had passed" under'Planta
gould domination?" : '.. , ' -
1 >. "I know they elected; a Plantagould
s directory at the annual meeting."
t "Exactly." Well,; Guilford is going to"
lease the * Transwestern' to- its ; com
t petltor^ tor a-term of ininety-nine'years.
-That's your | death 1 sentence-*' rr-: ~ :}:
7 "Kent sprang to his feet,'; and what he
i said * is unrecordable. V He; was J not a
a profane man. but. the sanguine temper-'
( araent would assert r itself explosively.
r in moments of ; sudden stress.- * v - . ;
I), "When 13 ' this thing Ao • be^done ?" he
.demanded, when" ¦' the temperamental
e ,- god were appeased a;; little. :
e * w Hlldreth shrugged.*'..- .
¦ ' ,k "I . have told you all \ I J could, "and
e' rathe§ more than I had a'ny^rlght ' to. :
r 'Open the door behind you, woh't'.you?
h The air is . posi tl vely sulphurous." r VV ;
u Kent opened the door, entirely miss- *
e ing the : point . of the • sarcasm in his
d heat. ¦ '
o "But you must have some Idea," he
insisted. gIBgtoEBEifejBiBy
e' "I haven't; any more than the gen-
CouyrisM liyliobbs-Mcrrill Co.
f » •-— <\ UT not as a matter of com- «
\D pulsion." *aid Kent coolly j
jfo \ enough. "What is your bid?" <
\^S Bucks made it promptly. 1
"Ten thousand dollars; and you J
promise to leave the i-tate and stay
away for one year from the first Tues
day in November next."
"That is. until after the next State
election." Kent blew a whiff of smoke
to «he celling and shook his head ,
slowly. * # It is not enough." .. ,
The Covernor uncrossed his legs ,
crvued them the other way. and said: ,
•"I'll make it twenty thousand and ,
nvo ;ears." j
* Or thirty thousand and three years," i
Kent sussested amiably. "Or suppose
v.c come at once to the end of that ,
t:r>.s and say one hundred thousand ,
i-r.d ten years. . That would still leave ,
you a. fair prjoe for your block of su- .
tmrt»B property in Guilford and j
Kay.k's addition to the city of Gaston, ,
wouldn't it?" , ]
The Governor set his massive jaw i
with a sharp little click of the teeth. i
"You are Joying on the edge of your
grave, my young friend. I taught you i
in Gaston that you were not big enough i
to fight me; do you think you are big ;
enough now?" • 1
"1 don't think; I know," said Kent,
incisively. "And since you have re
ferred to the Gaston d^ys, let me ask i
if I ever gave you any reason to believe
that I could be scared out?" i
"Keep to the point." retorted Bucks,
harshly. "This State isn't broad enough
to hold you and me on opposite sides
of the fence. I could make it too hot
to hold you without' mixing up in it ;
myself, but I choose to fight my own •
battles. Will you take twenty thou- «
sand dollars sport cash and MacFar- ¦
lane's job as circuit judge when I'm •
through with him?. Yea or no." t
"No." ;;
"Then what will you take?" ¦
"Without committing myself in any ,
sense, I might say that you are getting
off too , cheaply on your most liberal
proposition. You and your friends
have looted a seventy-million-dollar
railroad, and—"
"You might have stood in on that if
you had taken Guilford'a offer," was
the brusk rejoinder. "There was more
than a corporation lawyer's salary in
sight, if you'd had sense enough to
see it."
"Possibly. But I stayed out— and I
am still out."
"Do you want to get in? -Is that your
price?"
"I intend to get In— though not, per
haps, In the way you have in mind..
Are you really to recall Judge Mac-
Farlane with instructions to give us
our hearing on the merits?"
The Governor's face was wooden
when he said: ¦
"Is that all you want? I understand
MacFarlane is returning, and you will
doubtless .have your hearing In due
season."
"Not unless you authorize it," Kent
objected.
"And if I do? If I say that I have
already done bo, will you come in and
lay down your arms?"
"Xo."
"Then I'm through. Give me your key
and write me an order on the Security
Bank for those papers you are holding-"
"No," said Kent, again.
"I say yes!" came the explosive re
asiertion; and Kent found himself
looking down the bright barrel of a,
pistol thrust into his face across the
table. . Vv J -<f, :.:'"-"•*
For a man who had been oftenest
an onlooker on the football half of
life. Kent was measurably quick and
resourceful. In one motion he clamped
the weapon and turned it aside; in an
other lie jammed the fire end of his
cigar among the fingers of the grasp
ing hand. The Governor Jerked free
with an oath, pain-extorted; and Kent
dropped the captured weapon into the
table drawer. It was all done in two
breaths, and wh*n it .was over, . Kent
flung away the broken cigar and light
ed afresh one. m ,' ¦
'/That was a very primitive expedi
ent, your Excellency, to say the best of
it," he remarked. "Have you nothing
better to ofter?"
The reply, was a wild-beast growl,
and taking it for a negative, ; Kent
went on.
'Then perhaps you will listen to my
proposal. The papers you are so anx
ious about are here," — tapping the en
velope on the table, 'j "No, .don't try
to snatch them; you wouldn't get out
of here alive with them, lacking my
leave. Snch of them as relate to your
complicity in the Universal Oil deal
are yours — on one condition;. that your
health fails and you get yourself or
dered out of the State for the remain
der of your term."
"No!** thundered the Governor.
"Very well; you may stay and take
a course of home treatment, if "you
prefer. It's optional." . ¦
"By God! I don't know what keeps
me from throttling you with my
hands!" Bucks got upon his feet, and
Kent rose, also, slipping the box en
velope into his pocket and laying, a
precautionary hand on the drawer
• pull. . . ' .
The Governor- turned away and
walked to the • window, nursing his
burned fingers. , When he faced about
it was to return to the charge.
¦ "Kent, what Is It you want? Say it
in two words.*'
"Carididly..I didn't know, until a few
minutes ago. Governor. It began with
a determination to break your grip on
my railroad, I believe."
"You can have sour railroad, if you'
can set It — and be damned to it, and,
, to you. too!" :"'
"I ssid it began that way. My sole
idea In gathering " up - this evidence
against you and your accomplices was
to whittle out a club .that would make'
you let sro of the Transwestern. For
two weeks I have been debating with
myself as. to whether I should buy you
or break you;. and half an hour before
you came, I ' went to the bank and
tcok these papers out, meaning, to go
and hunt you up."
'¦' "Well?" said the Governor, and the
THIS Is the last installment
of "The Gratters." the
novel of love and poll
lies by Francis Lynde,
which has proven so popular
while ruunins ns a serial in the
Sunday Call. -On November 30
will be published complete In
one Installment, Stephen Con
rad's epic of the ' inothcr-in
law, 'The. Second Mrs. .Tim," as
exemplified by. Mrs. Jim lierself,
n r.-onmn in all respects rcmark
nble, as befits one who "could
rWc twenty-five miles, go to a
circus nsid set married, all in
one.' day."' The Second Mrs. Jim
Is a shrewd, kindly lovable sort
or a iuother-iii-la\v.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO SUNDAY I CALU.
:-.'.'I - don't know why., you .'shouldn't;:
you' know,: everything v that V happens.
But I'll tell; you. I - had : . been fighting
the, thing over,: from start 5 to finish and
back again ever since ; you v blessed -me
out > a / week ago last i Monday, ¦ and at
the wind-up Hhls afternoon I ' took the
papers ' out of the '¦¦ bank \ vault; ; having
it!in*.mlnd',to i go ; and.glve;hls Excellen
cy a jbad' quarter of an hour." -"¦•,':'/
you; didn't dolt?"." <
"No ; 'j he j saved . me the ; trouble. VWhlle
1 I was t getting = ready ; : to. go* and -. hunt
.him,! his -card: came up. ' Wejhadvitiout
•in5my, : rooms.*4 -\ ;"j ¦¦' -""¦¦' "—.¦;;•
"V-"I'm listening, 7 she- said; ¦ and'heAe
hearsedt the I facts for her, •; concealing
nOtHlri ~.y f;.:,^.. A \:v ".' .. •¦., '.V^-sJ.'.,. ;/;':'¦ \ \
"What^a^jcurlous^thing/.human^na- 1
ture-is!^shelconimented;twhen*h9^had
made gang end.'.; ;"ily;? better^ judgment
says J,vou i,were ] all ¦ kinds' of; a- somebdby,
f or." not S clinching t'you
had p i t * so [well % driven \\ hbm e. v -And , yet
I i- can't help :j admiring i your > exalted
THE GRAFTERS- "I Swish; you'd .drop Mt, 'David,' If it
isn't too late.'vlican't help feeling as
if I ': had ; pr6fided you ; into • it," whatever
It ; ls.".,'-i'-:-r: l. '.;?. 'f>'^:-^ ¦• .V- ; . v-:,-.;: -.;V"
- -, Kent '- linked arms , with him ; and ' led
him back ' to the" street • entrance.-*'. .
;XVGo.." away,; :Grantham, ,*and.":Mon*t
comej : back again," "v he ; . commanded.,
you [dldn'ti know.[anythlng, about it*;* It
is Stool late ;=to>j interfere;*: and (you! are
not 7 ! responsible i,f ori me^|s Go i up '<o"see
Portia; ; she'll , keep you' ihterested'.wnlle
youlwaIt.''J,<^vJ^B^|Mp| ¦- '-" ' r>i ¦< ¦ ' '"•'
.'iiWhen? Loring vWas l gone, . Kent i went
:back|toithelwlcketlin|the < grille ;^but
M- Tosh;'iwho Iwaa ; always * a ¦ busy.; man
"I know, it; but If -it will give me
twenty-four hours— " .
¦';. "It won't. .They can't get - home on
our line because we'll be tied up. - But
they,. can get', the ; naught-seven put on
the overland '. limited , at* A. ? & T. Junc
tion, and; that will put them back here
before .you've had' time ; to turn . around
twice. Have they come down yet?" :
,"No,7 : said Kent; and just then he
saw Lorins ; coming in .from the street
entrance and went; to"; meet; him. .-:':
/. "I, have the final word from Boston,",
said the ' ex-manager, when * he , had
walked -Kent out ; of ; earshot" of : the
train .takers..; "Your . terms." are v ac- :
cepted— with . all .; sorts of safeguards
thrown about the ..'no cure, no . pay', pro
vfco; also ,,with ; a t distinct repudiation
of you and your, scheme if there is<'any
thing .'••; unlawful : afoot.*- i Do y ou T still
.think it best; to keep me in the dark as
to what \ you are doing?"- V;; . ;¦
, r.'' Yes; r' there : are;? enough ; of us in
volved.- : as X it stands. J.You . couldn't
help;jaridyou might hinder.- Besides,- if
the \ niinc Should « happen' to = explode In
ourMlrectloniit'UJbeiajcomfort^to have
a" foot-loose " friend or< two \ on : the ' out
side\to*pick;up;the'pleces:of-us." '¦':,
¦¦: Lorlngj was ;¦ polishing : his ¦ eye-glasses
with" uncommon ; '
Ormsby; and he hurried back; to his
car to egg' on the machinist with
golden promises contigent upon haste.
Miss .Brentwood found her compan
ion singularly silent ' on. the five-mile
race to Breezeland; but the lightning
speed at which he drove? the 'car; put:
conversation out of the question;" At ;
the hotel he * saw her into the lift with
decent ' deliberation; but the 'moment
she was off his hands he fairly ran to
the telegrapher's alcove in the main
hall./ . - ¦¦ ' : " ¦'. ¦¦¦.;¦'. ¦¦¦ As: ] v
"Have you a: Western .Unlon\wire to
¦ the capital direct?" ; he inquired. ».•"
The %y oung . man snapped his key. and
said he had. . -
."It .'has ; no , connection with "the,
Transwestern .{ railroad offices ?"
¦/'None, whatever."
/; Ormsby, dashed off a. brief message
to Kent, 'giving three or four addresses
at*.whic;i.he:mightbe found.
"Stnd ?. that, • and have = them try : the
Union station 1 '.--train :* platform*;*: first.
Don't / let them k spare - expense ,' at £ the
other ." end, and if . you can ) bring proof .
of delivery . to room '•¦> 261' within? half [ an
hour . It . means a ; month's ! pay , to you
• Individually. " Can* you * do '- it ?" '
; .. But '¦ the operator : was ' already /claim-',
ing- the ' wire, ; writing ydeth,"^; "deth,".
' "deth," ; as rapidly, as : his ; fingers •; could '
shake - off - the : dots : and ; dashes. :\
-chapter xxyn. -<..
• -By: Order? of the , Court. -.
.-.- Between the hours of ,8:30 7 and 10 p.
m: <> the jUnlon" ! passenger Jstktion * iai it .) the;
; capital : presents {aTmoying;; and (spirited
spectacle. jthe'hourJand^ half, 1 "
; four, throughjand (three ! local |tralnsjare"
due ' to leave,Tand ; the]space\withih jthet
iron .: grllle^that? fences/ off
platforms ; from \ the * public 1 part 1 of \ the!
station ¦ Is ' filled with ', hurrylng^throngtij
of train-takers. Vr' '¦¦-'..'.¦" :¦:' .
Down i at ; the outer ;endj of ithe) train-;
Griggs was on for.the night run east
ward with the express;, and "Dutch"
Tischer ; had :\ found Himself slated : to
take the fast mail west.- The change of
engines on the: mail had been, effected ,
at the shops; ; and when Tischer backed ¦
his train In on tracknine his berth' was
,; beside ¦ the ' 1010. ;;¦. Callahan ; swung down
; from ' his cab ;: and ; climbed quickly to
that of* the mall engine*. ;¦'
Y : "Annything. new at the. shops,
Dutchy ?'.' he : inquired. . ; ' . v \ •
'v-v'.'I^v was Vnot ; somet'ings gehearing,
*neln." You; was i dot Arkoos newspaper
dis evening ''] sehen? He says nodings
too, alretty, about; dot strike." : '..-: '¦:,.;. *
"Dlvil a worrd. ?Ye might think
Scotty *d i handed i the * major, a • r bit v av
i blank paper. f*r. all* the .notice he's tak-
; v Ing.V-, More; thin i that," he's ' laylnVtown;
widfmeito pull -him. The; naught-sev-,
, en's to : run special ,to . Gaston— bad cess
no'ut!":.;'/. ¦-¦;:¦;: ,'¦>•¦¦ ¦;¦ •
-"Veil, -I iCan'd^hellup- Id;" said "the
1 phlegmatic • Bavarian. -"I haf ; the : mail :
ft and \egspress •¦ got; ; and ; I go" mit - dem
;t'rough'?-to^Pighorn.: -You vhaf ;•¦ der
.* brivate .car got,: and you; go mlt/dem
; t'rough to Gaston. .Den veqvits,^ain'd
it?":- .\y-'v- :''. "•' ' .¦ ¦¦,.*" ¦:¦:'>: :;"/• *¦&:
.' Callahan nodded '. and -dropped •'. to the
3 platform. 'w But \ before; he could fmount
to the % footboard of ¦ the 1010/ 1 ? M'Tosh
i' collared i him. r-'-v!,. ¦',-¦:¦ -.<y.' :X" ~"'y ' '¦-' '
'. v •'Patsy.:; I ( have ; your orders, at ¦ last.
•'Your.; passengers >will £ down '. in a
? few} minutes,'? and J you are I to • pull Tout
? ahead icf Ithe express.',': • . ; * - - ; . -
•„.- "lsiit 1 . to} Gaston "I'm goln'; Misther
; M'Tosh?"^ ; : : . : v -- : - : -\ . ¦*¦ -¦ :. : --~- -,',. ¦ ¦ ¦
% .'tThe i fireman )-, was ; standing ;.; by i with
4 the ¥oll| can? and /torch* readyj-to • Calla^'
Shan's] hand,'* and; the* traln ; master drew
£the>! engineer^ aside.",; ; ;
;ri' ''Shovel ' needn't > hear," \ he said"InVex
¦i plan atlon.\VAnd '. then : " Are \ you ; willing
t, to 1 stand "^wlth i us, ¦, Patsy,? "had
Ttime 'enough '. to think it . over."
, VlCallahan' stood. Iwlthjhjg farms [folded
filled quickly with the swift shock of
gratitude.*
"If you had made a study of woman
kind through ten lifetimes instead of
a part of one, you could not know when
and hpw to strike truer and deeper,"
she said; and then, softly: "-"Why can't
you make me iove you. Brookes?"
He took his foot from the brake
pedal, and for ten seconds the released
car shot down the slope * unhindered.
Then he checked the speed and an
swered her. ;
"A little while ago I should have said
I didn't know; but now I do know*- It ,
is because you love David Kent: you
loved him before I had my. chance."
She did not deny the principal fact,
but she gave him his opportunity to
set it aside if he could— and would. /
"Call it foolish, romantic sentiment,
if you like. Is there no way to shame
me out of it?"
He shook his head slowly.
"You don't mean that."
"But if I say that I do; if I insist
that I am willing to be shamed- out of
it."
His smile was that of a brother' who
remembers tardily to be loving-kind.
"I shall leave that task for some one
who cares less for you and for your
true happiness than I do, or ever shall.
And it will be a mighty, thankless ser
vice that that 'some one' will render
you."
"But I ought to be whipped and
sent to bed,", she protested, almost
tearfully. 'Do you know what I have
done?— how I have — "
She could not oulte put it in words,
even for him, and he helped her gener
ously, as before.
"I know. -what Kent hasn't done;
which ia more to the point. But he
will do It fast enough if you will give
him half a chance."
"No." she said definitively.
"I say yes. One thing, and one thing
only, has kept him from telling you
any time since last autumn: that is a
sort of finical loyalty to me. I Saw how
matters stood when he came aboard of
our train at Gaston— I am asking you
to believe that I didn't know it before —
and I saw then that my only hope
was to make a handfast friend of him.
And I did it."'
"I believe you can do anything you
try to do," she said warmly.
This time his smile was a mare
grimace.
"'You will have to make one exception '
after this,- and so shall I. And since it
is the first of any consequence in all
rcy mounting years, it grinds. I can't
throw another man out of the window
and ta!i*» h!s place." .
"If you were anything but what you
are, you would have thrown him out of
the window another way," she rejeiaed.
"That would have a dago's trick; not
a white man's," he asserted. "I suu
pope "i might have got in his way and
played the dog in the martger generally,
and you would have stuck to your
promise and married me, but I am not
looking for that kind of a winning. I
don't mind confessing that I played ray
last card when I released you from
your engagement. I said to myself:
If that doesn't break down the bar
riers nothing will."
.She looked up quickly.
"You will never know how near it
came to doing it, Brookes."
"But it d'dn't quite?"
The brother-smile came again.
"Let's paste that leaf down and turn
the other; the one that i haa David
Kent's name written at the top. tie 13
going to succeed all around. Elinor, and
1 am going to help him — for his sake
as 'well as yours."
"No v " she dissented. "He Is ccins
to fail; and I am to blame fornt."
He looked at her eidewise.
"So you were at the bottom of that,
were you? I thought , as much. . and
tried to make him admit it. but he'
wouldn't. What was your reason 7 **".
"I gave, it to him; I can't'glve ltta
y° u -" ':? .. .••- • -; : -'^;' .- ¦¦¦'.- \L*~*~ : t
"I guess '¦' not,"* he laughed^ ." : "I was f 
not born on the right side of the Berk-
shire Hills to appreciate it. But really,
you mustn't interfere. ' As I. say.. 1 we
are going to make something out of
David; and a little conscience — of the
right old Pilgrim Fathers' brand— Eoes"
a long ways in politics."
"But you promised me you were not
going to spoil him — only it doesn't mat
ter; you can't."
Ormsby chuckled openly, and when
she questioned "What?" he said:
"I was just wondering what you
would say if you knew what he is into
now; if you could guess, for instance,
that his backers have put up a cool
hundred thousand to be used as he
sees fit?"
"Oh!" she exclaimed; and there was
dismay and sharp disappointment in
her voice. "You don't mean that he is
gcing to bribe these men?"
"No," he said, relenting. "As a mat
ter of fact, I don't know precisely what
he is doing with the money, . but I
guess it is finding its way into legiti
mate channels. I'll make him give me
an itemized expense account for your
benefit when it's all over, if you like"
"It would be kinder to tell me more
about it now," she pleaded.
"No; I'll let him have that pleasure,
after the fact — if we can get him par
dened out before you go back East."
She was silent so long that he stole
another sidewise look between his
snubbings of the brake-pedal. Her face
was white and still, like the face of one
suddenly frost-smitten, and he was in
stantly self- reproachful.
"Don't look that way," he begged.
'It hurts me; makes me feel how heavy
my hand Is when - I'm doing my best
to make if light. He is trying a rather
desperate experiment, to be sure, but
he " is In, no Immediate personal dan
ger. I believe it or I shouldn't be here;
I should be with him." /
She asked no more questions, being
unwilling to tempt him to break con
fidence with Kent. But she was
thinking of all 'the desperate things a
determined man with temperamental
unbalancings might do when the tout
ing car rolled noiselessly, down the final
hill into the single street of Megilp.
There was but one vehicle in the
street at the moment; a freighter's ore
wagon drawn by a team of mules,
meekest and most shambling-prosaic
of their tribe. The motor-car was,
running on the spent velocity,, of .the
descent, and Ormsby thought to edge
past without stopping. But at the
critical Instant the mules gave way to
terror, snatched the "Jieavy .wagon into
the opposite plank walk, and tried ' to
climb a near-by telephone pole. ' Orms
by put his foot on the brake and some
thing snapped under, the car. \
"What was that T' Elinor asked; and
Ormsby ; got . down ; to investigate. .
"It Is our ' brake ' connection," he an
nounced, after a brief inspection.; "And
we are - five good ¦ miles from Hudgins
and . his repair kit" *
• A ring of town idiers; was .beginning
to form "about them: An automobile
was still 5 enough of ¦„ a rarity .. in - the
mining-camp to draw a crowd."
"Busted?" " inquired one " of ' the ¦ on
"i lookers. " .
Ormsny nodded, and asked if .tnere
were . a . machinist , In"- the camp.
- •'Yep,"- said ; the spokesman; '.'up at
the Blue Jay mine." . >*i$3MBHBkP9H
- go " after ; him," ; suggested
Ormsby, ; flipping a \ coin, , and a boy '
started on &;raii^|SpBE&QBEpl
The waiting ' was . a little awkward.
The ringing riders were . good-natured,
but curious.7 Ormsby; stood • by and an
swered ; questions . multiform, * diverting;
curiosity, from the lady; toj the machine.
Presently .: the -spokesman said: ; :; -
"Is, thls\here,the;steam; buggy' that
, helped a . crowd " of : you : fellers - to ;get •
away, from Jud Byers and his posse' one
day a' spell back?" *
"No," said i Ormsby: -; Then : he . ¦ re- :
¦ membered thep evening ; of " the - small
. surprises— the I racing itally r hO .with i the 5
'; Inn ; auto-car I to . help,**and,"; more r point
edly now, the singular; mjrage; effect; in
Suddenly the clicking began again.
The : operator. at« "yard limits" was »
sending the O. K. to the two train or
ders. So far, so good. Now if Calla
han could get safely out on the West- .
ern Division.
But there was a hitch in .the lower
yard. • Durgan had obeyed his orders
promptly and precisely, and had suc
ceeded In stopping Callahan at the
street crossing where Engineer Dixon
had killed the farmer. Durgan climbed
to the cab of the 1010 and the changed
plan was explained In a dozen words.
But now came tne crux.
' "If I stand here till you'd be bringin'
m e my orders, I'll have the whole kit
av thlm buzzin* round to know fwhat'j *
the matther," said Callahan; but there
was no other thing to do, and Durgan.
hurried back to the telegraph office to
play the messenger.
He was too long about it. Before he
got back Halkett waa under the cab
window of the. 1010, demanding to know
—with many objurgations— why Calla
han had stopped in the middle of the
yards.
"Gtt a move on you!" "he shouted.
'.The express is right behind us. and
it'll run us down, you damned bos
trotter!"
Callahan's gauntleted hand shot up
to the thxottle. bar.
> "I'm lavin*. Misther Halkett.- *he
said mildly. "Will yez go back to the
car or ride wit* me?"
> The general superintendent took no
chance of catching the naught-seven's
"hand rails in the/ darkness, and he
whipped up into the cab at the first
sharp cough of the exhaust.
."I'll go back when you stop for your
orders." he said; but a shadowy figure
had leaped upon the- engine step a
scant half-second behind him. and Cal
lahan was stuffing the crumpled copy
of the order into the sweat-band of his
cap. The next instant the big - 1010
leaped forward like a blooded horse
under an unmerited cut of the whip,
slid past the yard limits telegraph
office and shot out upon the main Una
of the western division. /
"Sit down. Misther Halkett, an' make
yerself aisy!" yelled Callahan across
the cab. " 'Tls small use Jimmy
Shovcl'Il have for his box this night."
"Shut off. you Irish madman!" was
the shouted command. "Don't you see
you're on the wrong division?"
Callahan gave the throttle-bar on
other outward hitch, tipped his seat
and took a hammer from the tool box.
"I. know where I'm goln", an* that's
more thin you know, ye blandhander
in' divil! Up on that box wit* you, an*
kapc out av Jimmy Shovel's road, or
I'll be the death av yez! Climb, now!"
It waa at this moment that the tens-?
strain of suspense was broken in the
despatcher's room on the second floor,
•of the Union station. The telephone
skirled Joyously, and the train-master
snatched up the ear piece.
"What does he say?" asked Kent.
"It's all right. He says Callahan is
ont on the western division, -with
Tischer chasing him according to pro
gramme. Halkett's In the cab of the
1010 "with Patsy and— hold on— By
George! he says one of them jumped
the car as it was passing the limits
station!"
"Which one was it?" asked Kent;
and he- had to wait till the reply came
from Durban..
"It was Hawk, the right-of-way man.
He, broke and ran ; for the nearest
electric car line the minute he hit the
ground. Durgan says. Does he count?*'
"No,*" said Kent; but it Is always a
mistake to underrate an; enemy's cali
ber—even that of his small arms. -
OIATTER XXVni.
The Night of Alafpis. *
If Editor Hildreth had said nothing
ir. his evening edition about the Im
pending strike on the Transwestern. It
was not because public interest r was
waning. For a fortnight the news
papers in th» territory tributary to the
road had been full of strike talk, and
Hillreth had said his say, deprecating
the threatened appeal to force as fear*
lessly as he condemned the mismanage
ment which was provoking it. - "
But it was Kent who was responsi
ble for the dearth of news on the eve
of the event. Early. in the morning o?
the last day of the month he .hart
sought out the editor and begged him
to close the columns of the Evening
Argus to strike news, no matter what
should come in during the 'course .of
the day.
"I can't go Into the reasons as deep
ly now as I hope to a little later." ha
had said, his secretive^ habit holding
good to the final fathom of the slip
ping nav;ser of events, "But you must
bear with me once more, and whatever
you hear between .now and "the time
you go to - press don't comment on it.
I have one more chance to win out, an«i
it hangs in a balance that a
feather's weight might tip the wronj;
way. I'll be with you between 10
and 12 to-night, and you can
safely save two columns of the morn
ing paper for the sensation I'm goins
to give you.""*
It was in fulfillment of this promise
that Kent bestirred himself after h«
had sent a wire to" Ormsby. and M'Tosh
had settled down to the task of
smoothing Callahan's way westward
over a division already twitching in the
preliminary rigor of the strike convul- •
slon.
"I am going. to set the fuse for the
newspaper explosion," he said to his
ally. "Barring accidents, there Is no
reason why we shouldn't begin to fig
ure definitely upon the result, is
there?" .."
M*Tosh was leaning over Despatcher
Donohue's shoulder. He had slipped
Donohue's fingers aside from the key
to cut in with a peremptory "G. S." or-^
der suspending. In favor of the fast
mail, the rule which requires a station
operator to drop his board on a follow
ing section that Is less than ten min
utes behind Its file leader.
"The fun /is beginning." said th«
train-master. "Tischer has his "tip
from Durgan to keep Callahan's tail
lights in sight. With the mail treading
on their heels the gentlemen in th»
naught-seven will.be chary about pull
ing Patsy down too suddenly in mid
career. They have just passed Morning
Dew. and the operator, reports Tischer -
for disregarding his slow signal."
, "Can't you fix that?" asked Kent.
"Oh, yes; that is one of the things I
can fix. But there are going to ba
plenty of others.'*.
"Still we must take something for
granted. Mr. M'Tosh. 'What I have to
do .uptown won't wait until Callahan
has finished his rut!: I ¦ thought the
main difficulty was safely overcome." '
. "Umph!" said the train-master; Vth©
troubles are . barely ' getting themselves
born. You must remember .that- we -
swapped horses at the last minute. Wa
were ready for the race to the east.
Everybody en the prairie division had
been notified that a special was to go
through to-night without stop from
Lesterville to A. & T. Junction."
"Well?"
; "Now we have it all to straighten out
by wire on another division; meeting
points to ' make, alow trains to . side
track, fool operators to hold down; all.
on the dizzy, edge of ¦; a strike that ' Ij
' making every man on the line lose bi*»
balance. But you go ahead wifa your
newspaper business... I'll do what a
man can here. 'And If you come across
that right-of-wj»y agent, I wish you'd
make' it a case of assault and battery
and get him locked up. I'm leery about:
him.'4J*SSB0VBQ|MfeEfVPiMMM>CSS
: Kent went his .way dubiously reflec
tive. In the moment of triumph, when
Durgan' had announced the success bt
tne bold, change An the programme, he'
had made light of Hawk's escape. But
'now he saw possibilities. .True, tat
junta . was ' leaderless for . the moment, "
and Bucks had no very able ' lieuten
ants.' But / Hawk 5 V would :gi-re th«
alarm; and there was the rank and fila
.< of /.the machine , to reckon with.-'- And <\
to humanity than the woman who had
forgotten how to cry.
But into the turmoil of thoughts half
indignant, half self-ccmpasaionate,
came reproach and a great wave of
tenderness filial. She saw. as with a
sudden gift of retrospection, her moth
er's long battle. with inadequacy, ar.d
how it aged her; caw, too, that the
battle had been fought unselfishly,
since Ehe knew her mother's declara-.
tion that she could contentedly "go
back to- nothing" was no "mere petu
lant boast. It was for her daughters
that Ehe hed jrown thin and haggard
and Irritable u-.:<!cr the p*r«istent re
verses of* fortune; It was for them
that ehe was sinking the Grirakie in
dependence In the match-making
mother.
The tears in Elinor's eres were not
altos-ether of self-pity when she put
her back to the window. OrmsSy was
coming up the curved driveway In his
automobile, and Ehe had seen him but
dimly through the rising mist of emo
tluu. „
"Have you set your heart upon this
thing, mother? — but I know you have.
And 1 — I have tried as I could to be
Just and reasonable: to you and Pe
nelope, and to Brookes Ormsby. He is
nobleness itself; It Is a shame to give
him the shadow when he so richly de
serves the substance."
She spoke rapidly, almost incoher
ently; and the mother-love in the
woman who was careful and troubled
about the things that perish put the
matchmaker to the walL It was al
most terrifying to see Elinor, the
strong-hearted, the self-contained,
breaking down like other mothers'
daughters. So it was the mother who
heid out her arms, and the daughter
ran to go down on her knees at the
cl!air-side, burying her face in the lap
of comforting.
"There, there, Ellie. child; don't cry-
It's terrible to hear you sob like that."
she protested, her own voice shading in
sympathy. "I have been thinking only
of you and your future, and fearing
weakly that you couldn't bear the hard
things. But we':i bear them together—
we three; and I'll never say another
"word about Brookes Ormsby and what
might have been."
*O mother! you are making it harder
than ever, now," was the tearful re
joinder. "I— there Is no reason why I
should be so obstinate. I haven't even
the one poor excuse you are making for
xne down deep "In your heart."
"David Kent?" said the mother.
The bowed head nodded a wordless
assent.
"I Ehan't say that I haven't suspect
ed him ail a!ong. dear. I am .afraid I
have. I have nothing against lilm. But
he is a poor man, Elinor; and we are
pocr. too. Yo;.'d be miserably unhap
py."
"If he stays poor, it is I who am to
blame" — this most contritely. "He had
a future before him; the open door was
his winning in the railroad fight, and I
closed it agalnct him."
"You?" said the mother, astonished.
"Yes. I told him he couldn't go on in
the way he meant to. I made it a mat
ter of conscience: add he — be has turn
ed back when he might have fought it
out and made a name for himself, and
paved us alL And it was such a hair
splitting thing! All the world would
have applauded him if he had gone on;
and there was only one woman in all
the *»vorld to pry into the secret places
of his soul and stir up the sleeping
doubt!** - * ,."¦
Now, if all the thrifty gear-getting
"facultj'" of the dead and gone Grim
kie5 had become thin and diluted and
inefficient In this Mrs. Hepzibah. last
of the name, the strong wine and iron
of the blood of righteousness had come
down to her unstrained.
"Tell me all about it. daughter," she
adjured; and when the tale was told,
she patted the bowed head tender!**
and spoke the words of healing.
"You did altogether right. Ellie, dear;
I— I am proud of you. daughter. And
if. rjs yc-u say. you were the only one to
do it. that doesn't matter; it was all
the more necessary. Are you sure he
gave it up?"
Elinor rose and stood with clasped
hands beside her mother's chair; a very
pitiful and stricken half-sister of the
self-reliant, dependable young woman
who had boasted herself the head of.
the household.
"I have jio means of knowing what
he has done." Ehe said slowly, "But I
know the man. He has turned back."
There was a tap at the door and a
servant was come to say that Mr.
Brookes Ormsby was waiting with his
auto-car. Was Miss Brentwood nearly
ready?
Elinor said ."In a minute," and when
the door closed she made a confidante
of her mother for the first time since
her childhood days.
"I know what you have suspected
ever since that summer in New Hamp
shire, and It is true." she confessed. "I
do love him— as much as I dare to
¦without knowing whether he cares for
me. Must I — may I — say yes to Brookes
Ormsby without telling him the whole
truth?"
"Oh, my dear! You couldn't do that!"
was the quick reply.
"You mean that J. am not strong
enough? But I am, and Mr. Ormsby is
manly enough and generous enough to
meet me half-way. Is there any other
honest thing to do, mother?"
Mrs. Hepzibah shook her head de
liberately and determinedly, though'she
knew she was shaking the Ormsby
millions into the abyss of the unattain
able.
"No; It is his Just due. But I can't
help being sorry for him, Ellie. What
•will you do If he says it doesn't make
any difference?"
The blue-gray eyes were downcast.
*"I don't know. Having asked eo
much and accepted so much from him
— !t shall be as he says, mother."
* The afternoon had been all that a
cummer afternoon on the brown high
lands can "be, and the -powerful tour-
Ing car had swept them from mile to
mile over the dun hills like an earth-
Bklmmlng dragon whose wing-beat
was the muffled, explosive thud of tne
motor.
Through mast of the miles Elinor had
given herself up to silent enjoyment of
the-, rapture of swift motion, and Orms
by "had respected her mood, as he al
ways did. But when they were on the
high hills beyond the mininR camn, of
Megilp and he had thrown the engines
cut of sear to brake the car gently
down the long Inclines, there was room
Tor speech.
"This !s oat last spin together on the
high plains, I suppose," he said. "Xour
mother nas fixed upon to-morrow for
our return- to town, hasn't she?"
Elinor confirmed it half absently. She
Ttad'becn ktyed up to face the _- In
evitable In this drive with Ormsby/ and
she was afraid now that he was going
tn break, her resolution by a dip into
the fw/irmonplaces.
"Are you glad or sorry?" he asked.
Kcr royly v/as evasive.
"1 have enjoyed the thin, clean air
and the frr-dom of the wide horizons.
Who could helD it?" .
"But you have not been entirely
happy?" *
. It woe on her lips to sa7 some con
ventional thlcg about the constant Jar
rinsr note in ell human happiness, but
ehe changed -it to a simple "No."
"May I try if I can give the reason T'
I She made a reluctant little gesture
of assent; pome such signal of ac
quiescence as Marie Antoinette, may
have given the waiting headsman.
"You have been afraid every day
lest I should begin a second time to'
press you for an answer, haven't you?"
Ehe could not thrust and parry with
him.' They were past all that.
"Yes,** ehe admitted briefly.' ... • -
~.VYqu break my heart, Elinor,"-: he
said, after a long pause. . "But" — with
a sudden tightening ; of the lips-^-VI'm
i not going to break. yours." ,
She understood him, and her eyes
the lengthening perspective as the east
bound train shot away from "Agua
Caliente. -
"What, was the* trouble that day?"
he asked, putting in a question on his
side. _ ... ¦-¦•¦¦
"A little ruction up at the Twin Sis-
ters. : There was a fuss, an* » a gun
went off,' accidently on purpose killin'
Jim Harkins," was the; reply. -.•-'-
The machinist I was .come * from the
Blue Jay. and Ormsby helped Elinor out
of her seat Avhile the repairs were mak
ing. . The town office . of the ; Blue "Jay
was just across the street, and he, took
her there and beggedhouse-,room~and a
chair for her, making an excuse that he
mustvgo and see to the brake-mending."
Bnt once outside he -."promptly, stul
tified hireself,, letting, the repairs take
care of themselves while he went In
search of one. Jud Byers.- ; - The deputy,
sheriff was not hard to find. Normally
and in private life he was the .weigher
for the Blue Jay; and Ormsby was di
rected to the scale; shanty which
served as the weigher's office.
The interview was brief and conclu
sive; was little more than a rapid fire
of question and answer; and for the
greater part the sheriff's affirmatives
were heartily eager. Yes. certainly; if
the thing could be brought to* pdjs, he.
Byers. would surely do: his: part. All
he asked was an hour or two in "which
to prepare.
"You shall have all the time 'there
If." was fhe reply. ."Have you a West
ern Union wire here?"
"No; nothing but the railroad office."
"That won't do; they'd stop the mes
sage. How about the Inn?"
"Breezeland has a Western Union all
right; wire your notice there, and I'll
fix to have it 'phoned overr I don't be
lieve it can be worked, htough," added
the deputy, doubtfully. '-
**>Ve can't, tell till wa try." said
shed , the . stuttering^ pop- valves of. the
locomotives,- the thunderous r; trundling,
of ; the heavy baggage .trucks,"* and- the'
shrill," ; monotonous % chant > of ; the -/ex- '
press messengers; checking In their; car-;
goes ' lift 'a *din - harmonious to j the 'sea- !
soned traveler; a medley softened and >
ciistanca-diminished "i [] for - " those ¦".* that
crowd Jupon the gate-keepers at the
iron"; grille. :
: It waa ~- the evening of the last day in .
the/month; \ the day .when' the ; Federa
tive Council of Railway ¦- Workers had
sent '-. Its -. ultimatum i to '•* Receiver '. Guil- '
ford. - The reduction \ In ; wages : w^as \ to ,
go into I effect ¦ at midnight; | if , v : by i mid
night, the order had not been. rescinded; >
and T the .way /opened for a joint cohf er r
' encer touching the i removal : of * certain
'obnoxious officials, a general strike and 3
tie-up -would" be ' Trains ; in !
transit ; carrying passengers or United !
States : mail would Ue run to theirs re-,
spective destinations; L: trains ' carryings
perishable 'freight would be run llo di-*
vision 1 ; stations; with these exceptions
all labor' would cease promptly on the
stroke of 12. : : ' ¦ -"YJ-W-^c:,
Such was the text of -the ultimatum,
?a: certified \ copy, of Iwhich Engineer
Scott had delivered ] in i person : into the
hands of the receiver at noon.
It was now 8:45}p.; m. The east
bound night express .was.; ready for the''
run to 'A. & T.' Junction; the fast mail,
one hour 'and thirty-five minutes \ late
from the east, was in on' track
nine / to take on the' city mail. '¦% On
track 'eight, pulled? down so that the
smoke : from the engine-should not foul
the air \ of the train-shed. ; the receiver's
private car, with the'- 1010 for motive"
power and "Red" Callahaiuan the cab,
had been, waiting since 7 o'clock for the
order to run specialto Gaston. .And as
yet the ' headquarters' office > had made
no sign ; ' sent no word of reply to the
strike notice. ¦ ; v: o-l:-."; •-'-. -: - . - •" :
him. - ¦*" • ¦ . : v'-:V
"Is.it all right. M'Tosh? Willhe do
it?" he asked anxiously.
"Yes. Patsy's game for It; I knew
he would be. He'd put his neck In a
rope ; to spite the . major. But it's a
crazy thing. Mr: Kent."
and his cap drawn down over, his eyes.
-' i "Ills "¦ not • ¦ f 'r , meself A I'm thlngin',
MIsther M'Tosh. as ye well know. : But
I'm a widdy- man; r an* r. there's * the bit
colleen ¦¦' in the convint."
iC'.VShe'irbe: well cared for, whatever
happens , to; you," w^s the \ quick: reply.
.- "Thin* I'm yer man.", said Callahan;
and 'when ', the \ train-master ; was : gone,
he"! ordered 1 Shovel to "oil ""around while
he did two or three things which, toan
Initiated onlooker, might \ have seemed
fairly 'inexplicable.^ First he discon
nected the alrhose, between the car and
the , engine, tying . the . ends up with a
stout cord so, that the connection would
not, seem to be broken.' Next he
'crawled under . the "i naught-seven and
deliberately, bled \ the \ air tank, ' setting
the cock open a I mere I hair's-breadth so
; that it .would ; leak slowly but - surely
until': the pressure was entirely gone.
'Then he got a hammer and sledge out
of j the engine tool box,: and after hook
ing up <the safety chain couplings be
tween the 'private car; and ! the 1010, he
crippled the points of the l hooks with
the hammer so that they, could not be
disengaged, without" the use of force
and the proper tools." ffr
•.There ye are, ye ould dlvil's band
wagon," he said, apostrophizing the
'private car when his . work was done.
-'Ye'llride this night where Patsy Cal
lahan dhrives, > an' be / dommed to ye."
Meanwhile,., the train-master had
reached the iron grille at the other end
of the long track platform. At a small
wicket used by* the" station employes
and trainmen,' Kent was waiting for
at train', time, had disappeared again. -
It was a standing mystery to the
train-master, and '; to • the rank and file,
why Receiver Guilford had elected -to
ignore, the fact that; he was within
three hours of a strike which promised
to ¦ : include , at least I our r flf ths o f his .
' operatives ; had taken "no . steps f or de
i f ense, i; and" had - not '. confided, as it ¦ ap
'peared.Un the members of his own offl
cial staff." '',!-¦
But Kent was at no loss to account
for ¦ the official silence. If the secret
could, be kept for a few hours longer,
the Junta would unload Jhe Transwes
tern. strike, tie-up and general demor
alization, upon an unsuspecting Over
land management.
f None the less, there were other, things
unexplainable even to Kent; for one,
this night flitting to Gaston to put the
finishing touches on an edifice of fraud
which had been builded shamelessly in
the light of day. >
Kent had not the key to unlock this
door. of mystery; but here the master
spirit of the Junta was doing, not
what he would, but what he could.
The negotiations for the lease had con
sumed much time at a crisis when time
was precious, • Judge MacFarlane had
to be recalled and once more bullied in
to subjection; and Falkland, acting for
, the Plantagould , interest, had Insisted
upon some formal compliance with the
"letter of the law.
Bucks had' striven masterfully to
"drive and not be driven; but the delays
were inexorable, and ' }he Impending
strike threatened to turn the orderly
charge into a rout. The Governor had
postponed the coup from day to day,
waiting upon the leisurely movements
of Falkland; and at the end of the ends
there remained but three hours of the
final day of grace when the telegram
came' from Falkland with, the welcome
news that the Overland officials were
on their way from Midland City to
keep the appointment in Gaston.
Of all this Kent knew nothing, and
¦^as anxious In Just proportion as the
minutes elapsed and the time for the
departure of the east-bound express
drew near. For the success of the des
perate venture turned upon this: that v
the receiver's special must leave ahead
of the passenger train. "With the ex
press blocking the way the difficulties
became insurmountable.-
Kent was still standing at the train
men's wicket when Callahan sent the
private car gently up to the trackhead
of track eight. M'Tosh had been tele
phoning again, and the receiver and his
party were on the way to the station.
"I was afraid you'd have to let the
express go first," said Kent, when the
train-master came his way again.
"How much time have we?" ,
"Five minutes more; and they are on
the way down — there they come."
Kent'looked and saw a group. of six •
men making for the nearest exitNin the
grille. Then he smote his fist into his
palm. '
"Damn!" he muttered; "they've got
the vice president of the Overland with
them! That "a bad."
"It's bad for Mr. Callafield," growled
M'Tosh. "We're in too deep now to
back down on his account."
Kent moved nearer and stood in the
shadow of the gate-keeper's box. leav
ing M.'Tosh, who was on the track plat
form, free to show himself. From his
new point of espial_Kent checked off
the members of the party. When Ma
jor Guilford left It to come back for a
word with M'Tosh. there were live
others; the Governor, his private sec
retary, Hawk,_Halkett, the general su
perintendent, "and the Overland's vice
president.'
"All ready, M'Tosh?" said the re
ceiver.
"Koady and waiting. Major," was the
bland reply. • • *
"Who is" our engineer?"
"Patrick Callahan." .
"That wild Irishman? The Governor
eays he'd as soon ride behind the de
viL" .*"."¦¦ .
"Callahan will get you there,'! said
the train-master, with deliberate em-,
phasis. Then he asked a question of
his own. "Is Mr. Callafield going with
you?"
"No. -He came down to see us off.
How is the fast mail to-night?"
¦JShe's Just In— an hour and thirty
five minutes late."
The major swore pathetically. He
•was of the generation of railway offl
-cials, happily fast passing, which
cursed and swore itself into authority.
"That's anather $300 forfeit to the
Postoffice Department! Who's taking it
west?" ~'-'";v -
"Tischer."
"Give him orders to cut out all the
stops. If he is more than fifty-five min
utes late at Bighorn he can come in
and get his time."
Tischer had Just got the word to go,
and was pulling out on the yard main
line.
"I'll catch him with the wire at yard
limits," said M'Tosh. Then: "Would
you mind hurrying your people a little,
major? The express is due to leave."
Guilford was a heavy man for his
weight, and he waddled back to the
others, waving his arms as a signal for
them to board the car.
Kent saw the vice president of the
Overland Short Line shake hands with
' Bucks and take his leave, and was so
intent upon watching the tableau of
• departure that he failed to notice the
small boy; in 'Western Union blue who
was trying to thrust a telegram, damp
from the copying rolls, into his hand.
"It's a rush, sir," said the boy, pant
ing from his quick dash across the
track platforms.
It was Ormsby's message from
Breezeland; and while Kent was try
ing to grasp the tremendous import of
it. M'Tosh was giving Caliahan the
signal to go. Kent sprang past the
gate-keeper and gave the square of
damp paper to the train-master.
"My God! read that!" he gasped,
'with a dry sob of excitement. "It was
our chance— one chance In a million —
and we've lost it!" '
M'Tosh was a man for a crisis. The
red tail lights of the private car special
were yet within a sprinter's dash of the
trackhead, but the train-master lost
no time chasing a ten-wheel -flyer with
"Red" Callahan at the throttle. ¦
"Up to my office!" he shouted; and
ten •> seconds 'later : Kent was leaning
• breathless over the desk in the de
spatcher's room while M'Tosh called
Durgan over the yard limits telephone.
"Is that you, -Durgan?" he asked,
when the "reply came.". Then: "Drop
the board on the mail, quick! and send
somebody to tell Tischer, to, side track,
leaving, themain line ..Western Division
clear. Got that ?" yS§|9gJP3
¦ .The answer .was evidently prompt
and : satisfactory, since he began ' again
almost In: the same breath."
-vVNow go out yourself, and flag Calla
. han before; he reaches the limits. Tell
him ' the ¦ time card's , changed and he la
to run west .with ithe special to Megilp
as first section ;of: the 'mail— no stops,
or Tischer '.will ru^j him down.* Leg it!
rHe's half .way down the yard now!" .
The I train-master droi ped the ear- -
: piece of ?' the .1 telephone and : crossed
. quickly ; to the despatcher*s . table.
"Orders • for "» the .Western Division,
• Donohue." he ; said curtly,' ''and ' don't
let ;the j grass grow. 'Receiver's car,
Callahan/ engineer.* ' to - Megilp" as
first* section; of fast: mail. Fast mail —
Hunt* i conductor; Tischer, engineer —
" runs to' the end ~bt the division without
- stop,' 'making ;up~: all : time possible/
Add ; to i that : last, /By; order of the re-,
ceiver.' " ; "; .-'-¦\';-?v r --.. ¦* : '~':\ r . ¦'- ¦ ¦''-¦'•
- ...The* orders "were sent / as swiftly /as
the despatch er could rattle them off on
;2 his ' key ; \ and ', then \ followed Tan interval
< of ..waiting more terrible than a battle.
*S Kent i tried' to ! speak, but his lips were
and his t tongue was like a'dry
; stick * between ;> his ; teeth. What was
s ? doing In the : lower ¦ yard ? " Would r , Dur
j gan f all * at ¦ the [ pinch ? and mismanage
"it • so ; as 'to give^ the ".. alarm ?,• The min
' utes dragged * leaden^ winged," and « even
-the ¦ sounders ( on ithe"a"espatcher"s table
were silent. H^HI
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY GALIlv Before .his 'promotion ? to; the Buperin
tendency Halkett had been a -ward boss
in : the i metropolis ,*of the i State. .Think
ing.; heVsaw <¦ his k he;- took V s it
and : the > blow, knocked r s Callahan silly
for/ the* moment.*.: Afterward* there was
a small ; free-for-all » buffeting , match : in
the narrow cab> in^which "the 2 fireman
took a hand; and duringiWhich the rac
ing 1010 : was ', suff erred \ to find vher^ way.
alone. ijWhenit;was;over.Callahan v soat
I'm telling it to you," Kent asserted
confidently.* "And' when you get .the
epilogue you will say that 1 It makes my
little preface wearisome by contrast."
The light was slowly drawing in the
editorial mind. r •
"My heaven!" he exclaimed.' "Kent.'
you're good • for twenty years at the
very lul-least!" tj./
"Am I? It occurs" to me that 'the
Prosecuting Attorney in the case will
have a hard time proving anything.
Doesn't It look that way to you? At
the worst. It is only an unhappy mis-'
understanding of orders. And if the
end should happen to Justify the
means—" ' ; • :,V
Hildreth shook his head gravely.
"You don't understand, David. ;: If
you could be sure of a fair-minded
Judge and an unbiased Jury— you and
those who are Implicated with you; but
you'll get neither in this rriachlne-rid
den State." ,
"We are going to have both after you
have filled your two columns— by the
way, you are still saving those two
columns for me, aren't you? — In to
morrow, morning's Argus. Or rather,
I'm hoping there will be no need ;for
either Judge or Jury." '.. . .
The night editor shook his head again
and once more he said, "My heavenl"
adding: "What could you possibly hope
to accomplish? You'll get the receiver
and his big boss out of the State for a
few minutes, or possibly for a few
hours, if your strike makes them hunt
up another railroad to return on. But
what will it amount to? Getting rid of
the receiver doesn't annul the
of the court. 11^
Kent fell back on his secretive habit
yet once again.
"I don't care to anticipate the cli
max, Hildreth.' By 1 o'clock one of
two things will have happened: You'll
tet a wire that will make your back
hair sit up, or I'll get one that will
make me wish I'd never been born.
Let it rest at that for tne present; you
have work enough on hand to fill up
the interval and if you haven't, you
can' distribute those affidavits -I gave
you among the compositors and get
them into type. I want to, see them in
the paper to-morrow morning along
with the other news."
"Oh, we can't do that, David! The
time isn't ripe. You know what I told
you about — "
"If the time doesn't ripen to-night,
Hildreth, it never will. Do as I tell
you and get that stuff Into type. Do
more; write the hottest editorial you
can think of, demanding to know if it
isn't time «for the people to rise and
clean out this stable once for all."
"By Jove! David, I've half a mum
mind to do it. If you'd only unbutton
yourself a little and let me see what
my backing is going to be — "
"All in good season." laughed Kent
"Your business for the present moment
is to write; I'm going down to' the
Union station." ,
"What for?" demanded the editor.
"To see If our crazy engineer Is still
mistaking his orders properly."
"Hold on a minute. How did the
enemy get wind of your plot so quick
ly? You can tell me that, can't you?"
"Oh, j r es; I told you Hawk was one
of the party in the private car. He
fell off at the yard limits station and
came back to town:"
The night, editor stood, up and con
fronted his visitor- " -¦ - -
"David, you are 'either ' the coolest
"plunger that ever drew breath-*— or the
bub-biggest fool. I wouldn't be stand
ing in your shoes to-nignt for. two such
railroads as the T-W." .' - '
. Kent laughed again and opened the
door.
"I suppose not. But you know there
is no accounting for the difference in
tastes. I feel a§ if I had never really
lived before this night; the only thing
that troubles me is the fear that some
body or somethings-will get in. the way
of my demented engineer.Y
He went out into the hall, but as
Hildreth was closing the door he
turned back. • ) '
"There Is one thing that I meant to
say: When you get your two columns
of sensation, you've got : to be decent
and share with the Associated Press."
"I'm dud-dashed, if I do!" said Hil
dreth, fiercely.
"Oh, yes, you will; just the bare facts,
you know. You'll, have all the excit
ing details for an 'exclusive,' to say
nothing of the batch of affidavits in the
oil scandal. And it is of the last im
portance to me that the facts Bhall be
known to-morrow morning wherever
the Associated has a wire." '
"Go way," said the editor, "and dud
don't come back here till you can un
cork yourself like a man and a Cue-
Christian! Go off. I say!"
It wanted but a few minutes of 11
when Kent mounted the stair to the
dispatcher's room- in , the Union
station. He found ' M'Tosh Bitting
at Donohue's elbow, and the sound
ers on the glass-topped table were
crackling, like over-laden- -wirea in
an electric storm.
"Strike talk," said the trainmaster.
"Every man on both divisions wants to
knojv what's doing. Got your news
paper string tied up all right?"
Kent made a sign of assent.
"We are waiting for Mr. Patrick Cal
lahan. Any news from him?"
"Plenty of it Patsy would have a
6tory to tell, all right, If he could stop
to put it on the wires. Durgan ought
to have caught that blamed right-of
way man and chloroformed him."'
"I found him messing, as I 'phoned
you. Anything come of it?" , • .
"Nothing fatal, I guess, since Patsy
is still . humping along. . But Hawk's
next biff was more to the purpose. He
came down here, with Halkett's chief
clerk, whom he had hauled out of bed."
and two policemen. The plan; was to
fireDonohue and me, and put Bicknell
in charge. , It might have ' worked I if
Bicknell'd had the sand. But he weak
en ed at . the last minute ; admitted . that
he wasn't big enough to handle the dis
patcher's trick. The way Hawk cursed
him out was a caution, to sinners." '.
"When was this?" - Kent asked.
"Just a few minutes ago. Hawk went
off ripping; swore he. would find some
body ; v who wasn't afraid to take" the
wiresi' And. between us : .three," I'm
scared stiff for fear he will." •
"Can it be> done?" " ; \ .
"Dead ; easy, if "he knows how I to go
about it— and ~ Bicknell will tell ? him."
The Overland people don't ' love , us : any
too '.well, 'and if they .'did the lease deal
would make "them side ¦' with Guilford
: and the Governor." ,, If .Hawk asks them
to lend him a train dispatcher for a few
minutes they'll do it."' "¦*.-¦
. VBut . the union?? ¦ Kent objected. ..
V'They, ; have'; three or four non-union
men." "-. ¦': ' -. : ' ,.''''• ¦ '%¦„
, '.'Still, .; Hawk has no right to : dis
charge you." t / .. ;'_..,
VBicknell has. He Is • Halkett'a 'rep- ,
resentatlve, and — ", - - . ;. '
The door, opened suddenly and; Hawk
danced , in, ' followed by^ a ; man ,„ bare
headed rand; in his shirt" sleeves, 1 . the
superintendent's chief clerk and the
two officers. . •'-.•¦; ; -\
for weapons, the ring controlled the
police power of the State and of the
city. Let the word be passed that the
employes of the Transwestern were
kidnaping their receiver and the Gov
ernor, and many things might happen
before "Red" Callahan should finish his
long race to the westward. *
Thinking of these things, David Kent
walked uptown when he might have
taken a car. When the toxin" of panic
I? in the air there is no antidote like
vigorous action.
Passing the Western Union central
office he stopped to send Ormsby a sec
ond telegram, reporting progress and
asking him to be present in* person at
the denouement to put the facts on the
wire at the earliest possible instant of
time. "Everything depends upon this,"
he added, when he had made the mes
sage otherwise emphatic; "If we miss
the morning papers we are done."
While he was pbeketing his change
at the receiving clerk's pigeon-hole, a
cab rattled up with a horse at a gallop,
and Stephen Hawk sprang out. Kent
saw him through the plate-glass front
and turned quickly to the public writ
ing-desk, hoping to be overlooked. He
was. For once In a way the ex-dls
trlct attorney was too nearly rattled to
be fully alert to \ his surroundings,
desk; and Hawk wrote his message,
after two or three false starts, almost
at Kent's elbow.
Kent heard the clink of coin and the
low-spoken urgings for haste at the
receiving clerk's window; but he for
bore to move until the cab had rattled
away. Then he gathered up the spoiled
blanks left behind by Hawk and
smoothed them out. Two of them bore
nothing but the date line, made illegi
ble, it would 6eem, by the writer's
haste and nervousness. But at the
third attempt Hawk had got as far as
the address: "To all, Transwestern
agents on Western "Division."
Kent stepped quickly to the re
ceiver's window. The only expedient
he could think of was open to re
proach, but It jvas no time to be over
scrupulous.
"Pardon me," ha began, "but didn't
the gentleman who was Just here for
get to sign his message?"
The little hook caught its minnow.
The receiving clerk was folding Hawk's
message- to place it In the leather car
rier of the pneumatic tube, but he
opened and examined it.
"No," he said; "it's signed all right;
'J. B. Halkett. G. S.' "
"Ah!" said Kent. "That's a little
odd. Mr. Halkett is out of town, and
this gentleman, Mr. Hawk, is not in his
department. I believe I should investi
gate a little before sending that, if I
were you."
Having thus sown the Email seed of
suspicion, which, by the by, fell on
barren 6Oil, Kent lost no time in calling
up M'ToFh over the nearest telephone.
"Do our agents, on the western divi
sion handle Western Union business?"
he asked. .
The reply came promptly.
"i*cs; locally. The W. U. has an in
dependent line to Breezeland Inn and
points beyond."
. "Well, our right-of-way man has Just
sent a telegram to all agents, signing
Halkett's name. I don't know what he
said in it, but you can figure that out
for yourself." „
"You bet I can!" was the emphatic
rejoinder. And then: "Where are you
now?" . , . i' '. '.'¦ . :'
"I'm at the Clarendon public 'phone,
but I am going over to the Argus office.
I'll let you know when I leave there.
Good-by." . .' ,',, -'j . . ;
When Kent reached the night edi
tor's den on the third floor of the Ar
gus building he found Hlldreth im
mersed chin-deep in a sea of work. But
he quickly extricated himself and
cleared a chair for his visitor.
"Praise be!" he ejaculated. "I was
beginning to get anxious. Large things
are happening, and you didn't turn up.
I've had Manville wiring all over town
for you."
. /'What are some of the large things?"
asked Kent, lighting his first cigar
since dinner.
."Well, for one; do you know that
your peoples, are on the verge of the
much- talked -of strike?"
/'Yes; I knew it this morning. That
was what I wanted you to suppress in
the evening edition."
.1 suppressed it all right; I didn't
know it— day and date. I mean. They
kept It beautifully quiet. But that isn't
all. Something Is happening at the
capitol. I was over at the club a little
while ago and Hendricks was there.
Somebody sent In a note and he posi
tively ran to get out. When I came
back I sent Rogers over to Cassatti's
to see if he could find you. There was
a junta dinner confab on; Meigs, Sena
tor Crowley, three or four of the ring
; aldermen and half a dozen wa-ward
; politicians. Rogers has a nose for
' news, and when he had phoned me
you weren't there -he hung around on
the edges."
"Good men you have, Hildreth. What
did the unimpeachable Rogers see?"
5 "He saw on a large scale Just what
I had seen on a small one; somebody
pup-passed a note In. and when it had
gone the round of the dinner table
those fellows tumbled over each other
trying to get away."
"Is that all?" Kent inquired.
"No. Apart from his nose, Rogers is
gifted with horse sense. When the din
ner crowd boarded an uptown car our
man paid fare to the same conductor.
He wired me from the Hotel Bruns
wick a few minutes ago. ' There is
some sort of a caucus going on in Hen
dricks' office In the capitol and mum
messengers are flying in all directions."
"And you wanted me to come and
tell you all the whys and wherefores?"
Kent suggested. '
"I told the chief I'd bet a bub-blind
horse to a broken-down mule you could
do it if anybody could."
"All right; listen: Something worse
than an hour ago the Governor, , his
private secretary. Guilford, Hawk and
Halkett started out on a special train
to go to Gaston."
"What for?" InterrupTed the editor.
"To meet Judge MacFarlane, Mr.
Bemple Falkland and.the Overland offi
cials. You can guess what was to be
done."
"Sure. Your railroad was to be sold
out. lock, stock and barrel;, or. leased to
the Overland for , ninety-nine • years—
which amounts to the same thing."
"Precisely. Well, by some unaccount
able mishap the receiver's . special was
switched over to the western: division
at yard limits and the. engineer seems
to think he has orders to proceed west
ward. At all events, that is what he is
doing. And the funny ', part of if is
that he can't stop to find out his blun
der. The fast mall is right behind him;
with the : receiver's , orders. to smash
anything that gets in its way; so you'
Bee- 1 -" - ft'jSJt^-.v- ¦ : . " '- '
. "That will d&.V said the night editor.
"We don't ., print fairy * stories in , the
Argus.'.'. •--'''^^ffifMWTffli^Bff'fflpjM
. ."None the less, you are going to print
this one to-morrow morning, ., Just ,as
"One of them's cominV ahead over the
coal," warned James Shovel, and Calla
han found, his hammer.
-''Run ahead an* take a siding, is ut?"
he shouted, glaring . down , on the mes
senger. : "I' have; me drdhers fr'nr bet
ther men thanthim that slnt you. Go
back an' tell thim so." \_
I'You'll be paid if you do, and you'll
be shot if you don't," yelled the secre
tary, persuasively:'
¦'. "Teir the : boss he can't shoot ¦ two av
us.to.wanst:;an'-.the wan that's left '11
slap on the air," ¦ was ; Callahan's an-:
swer; arid he slacked oft -a little,, to
bring the, following, train within easy
striking distance;. . . , :
Danforth -went, painfully and care
fully'back with this defiance, and while
he' was. bridging the! nerve-trying gap.
another station ¦. with the ; stop-board
down and red lights frantically swing
ing was passed with a roar and a whis
tle shriek. 'f3%SM&!&i
:'. ."Fwhat are they; doing now?" called
Callahan to his, fireman. .
;. '.'They've' gone inside again," was the
reply.,, •. ;.- ~ '. ¦¦ ¦,.¦-.¦;":-;¦ _ . ..
- . "Go back an* thry.the tank."-. was the
command; and Jimmy. Shovel' climbed
over the coaland lethlmself down feet
foremost into the manhole. When he
slid; back to the footplate his legs were
wet to the; mid shin.
V"lt'3 only \UPito; there,".. he reported,
measuring with his hand. "
.Callahan 1 looked at- his watch.^ There
was yet afull hour^s runahead of .him.
and ':•¦ there 'was no s more '• than a"- scant
foot of *.waterJih';the tdnk with which
to make It. >:"¦/'/»,"; '
menace ¦ it held i for ¦ him ; and v was con
cerned- chiefly ; with { the" thing ' mechan
ical.v .Would ¦¦:, the _ ¦ water •',. last :";; him
through? ;; He ? ; had.- once .; made •;?. 170
miles. ont a: special runl with; the; 1010
.without 'i- refilling % his j tank; »but V that
. was ;ehgine; alone.' Now
he had the private car ; behlnd himand
it seemed at times to pull with all. the
dragi of j a i heavy, train. '¦ ;1 ;"f jV^^g^S
. - But I one • remained and
that carrledl with' its the v risk of , his ; life.
An engine, \nbt r overburdened,iuseB less
water; proportionately. to the miles .run
He was charged with a message to
Callahan. mandatory in its first form,
and bribe-promising In its second; and
he was covered from the forward vesti
bule of the private car by the revolver
in the hands of a resolute and deter
mined State executive. -V'.'
"He must have suspected something
and dropped off in the yard or at the
shops," said Halkett. /And at the say
ing of it he shrank back involuntarily
and added: "Ah!" Look at'' that, will
you?" • ?
The, car had just thundered past an
other station and Callahan : had under
run one more stop signal at full speed.
At the .same instant .Tischer's head
light swung Into view, half I blinding
them with its, glare. -' ; » ,
. "What is that f qllowlng us ?" asked
Bucks.' ;
"It's the fast mall," said Halkett-
Guilford turned .livid and caught at
the hand-rail." ¦ , '
"S-s-say — are you sure of that?" he
gasped. 1 , '
'"Of course, it was an hour and thlr
ty-flye minutes late and we are on its
time'*' • - ,: _ - , -¦¦¦-¦¦.
"Then we ? can't stop '. unless some
body.throws us on a siding!" quavered
the receiver, rwho ' had ' a small spirit
in a large body. "I told McTosh to
give the mail orders to make up her
lost time; or I'd fire the engineer— told
hldv'to.'.cut'.out'.'all the stops,:,this side
of Agua; ; Caliente!" , -¦* "C" ."¦ ''-VK
"Tha^si what 'you get? t or?«y6ur In
fernaFfiieddling!" snapped -Halkett- In
catastroiihic moments many 'barriers
go down; to superior officers
among the earliest. ?-£>" ti >.i.' '
But-'the 1 master, spirit *¦ of ,, the ; Junta
was 'still cool and collected.^i ' '
''This is no time to quarrel, ' he said.
"The thing to be done is to stop this
train without getting ourselves ripped
open* by that ; fellow behind^.the' head
light yonder. The stop-signals pfove
that i Hawk and the; others -are doing
their' best,, but we must do ours. 'What
do ,ybu say, Halkett?" '
"There is only one thing," replied the
superintendent; "we've got to make
tho Irishman run ahead fast enough
and far enough to give us room to stop
or take a siding." :
The Gpvernor planned It in a few
curt sentences. Was there a weapon
to be had? Danfprth; the, private sec
retary, roused from his nap • in the
wicker chair.was able to produce a ser
viceable' revolver. * Two ; minutes , later,
the sleep still tingling in his nerves to
augment another tingling less pleasur
able, the secretary had spanned the
terrible gap. separating the car from
the engine and was making his way
over the coal,' fluttering his.handker
chief in token of his peaceful inten
tions. ' •• ' - i
, "This Is pretty serious, Major. Have
you anything to suggest?" and without
waiting for a reply he. turned upon
Kalkett: "Where is Mr. Hawk?"
."I don't know. I supposed ha was
in' here with you. Or maybe he's out
on the rear platform."
The three of them went to tha rear,
passing ' the private secretary, comfor
tably asleep in his wicker chair. When
they stepped, out upon. the recessed ob
servation platfrom they found it emp
ty. : ¦ ; ¦ ' ¦ -¦¦--. - -:
out a broken tooth and give his orders
concisely. .--.,<.;; - .
- *'Up wid him over.the "coal, and we'll
put. him back ¦ in , the car where he be
longs. ;Now,ahln!"r ; _- ; \
Halkett > had *to* go,' and .'he.went,: not
altogether,* unwillingly.".- And •• when -: it
came • to i Jumping across , from the rear
of . the 'tender , t,o : the ' forward
of; the naught-seven, 1 , or being chucked
across,* he. Jumped. ¦ ,* ¦ : ~ ¦:' • v.
.Now .it:; so ? chanced , that the; Gover
nor and his first lieutenant In the great
railway • steal had weighty matters to
discuss, and s they . had not ' : missed . the
superintendent or the lawyer, suppos
ing them j to be still ; out • on the rear
platform enjoying the scenery..Where
fore Halkett's . sudden / | appearance,
mauled, begrimed and breathless from
his late tussle with the twojenginemen,
was ' the first r intimation 6"f wrong-go
ing . that had : penetrated to the inner
sanctum of I the private car. :
"What's , that you say. Mr. Halkett ?
-Hin the western division? . Where
abouts?" demanded the Governor.:
"Between Lossing | and Skipjack sid
ing—if we. haven't passed the siding
in the last two or; three minutes. I've
been too busy to notice," was the re-
Plv. ¦¦? '•*$£ ¦: ¦¦¦;•.::- :¦ ,
¦<- "And you ', say you were .on . tha en
gine ? v Why the % devil didn't , you call
your man down?? ¦
: -"I knocked him, down," gritted the
superintendent, savagely, "and I'd have
beat his face in for him if there hadn't
been two of them.. It's a plot of some
kind and Callahan knows what he is
about. He had roe held up with a
hammer , till' Just c few minutes ago,
and he's running past stop signals and
over , red lights like a , madman ! "
'Bucks and Guilford exchanged con
victions by the road of the eye and the
Governor said: -
as the speed Is increased. He could
outpace the safeguarding mail, 1 save
water — and take : the chance of being .
shot , in the back ; from -; the : forward
vestibule of <the« naught-seven,, when
he had gained lead enough to make a
-main line stop safe for the men be
hind him. : r ' •- : - '--. ¦-,--
Callahan thought once [ot the child
mothered by ; the Sisters. of Loretto in
tha convent at" the capital, shut his
eyes to ; that and to all things , extra
neous and sent the. 1010 about her
business. . At r the first reversed . curve
he hung out of his window,for a back
ward look. Tischer's headlight had
disappeared and : his protection .was
gone. . <=
On the rear platform of the private
car four men watched the threatening
second section fade into the night.
"Our man has thought better of it,"
said the Governor, marking the In
creased speed and' the disappearance
of the menacing headlight, j
Guilford'a sigh of relief was almost
a groan. . . ¦ ... - /¦--.-;'
"My. God!" he said; "it makes mm
cold to think .what might happen if
¦he should pull us over into the other
State!'*
But Halkett was still smarting from
tha indignities put upon him and- his
comment was a vindictive threat.
"I'll send that .damned : Irishman
over ; the road for this, if it the last
thing I ever do!" he declared, and he
confirmed it with an oath.
But Callahan was getting his pun
ishment as he went along. - He had
scarcely settled the 1010 into her gait
for' the final run against the falling
water ' supply when another station
came in sight It was a small cattle
town ' and in addition to the swinging
red lights and a huge bonfire to il
luminate the yards the obstructionists
had torn down the loading corral and
were -piling the lumber on the track.
Once again Callahan's nerve flick
ered and he-' shut oft the steam. But
before it was too late he reflected that
the barrier. was meant only to scare
him into stopping. One minute later
the air was full of flying splinters and
the danger was passed. -But one of
the broken planks came through the
cab window, missing the engineer by
no more than a hnnd's breadth. And
the shower of 'splinters, sucked in by
the whirl of the train, broke' glass in
the private car and sprinkled the
quartet on the platform with split
kindling and wreckage.
"What was that?" gasped the re
ceiver. • ; • " t ¦
Halkett pointed to the bonfire, re
ceding like a fading star in the rear
ward distance.
"Our friends are beginning to
throw stones, since clods 'won't stop,,
him," he said. •
Bucks shook his head. t
"If that Is the case we'll have to be
doing something on our own account.
The next obstruction -may derail us."
. Halkett stepped into* the car and
pulled the cord of -the automatic air.
"No good," he muttered. "The
Irishman bled our tank before he
started. Help me at the hand brakes,
a couple of you." . v
Danforth > and. the Governor took
hold of the brake wheel with him, and
for n minute or two the terrible speed
slackened ; a' little. " Then some part
of the disused handgear gave way un
der the three-man- strain and that
hope,was. gone. . . ' . . . . .' i.
'."There's one thing left," said the"
superintendent, - indomitable . to the
lask'^'We'll .uncouple and let him
drop us' behind." % " .'. /.' ~ ;? ."r.
-Thte . SDace, in .the forward vestibule'
was narrow and cramped, and with
the strain of the dragging car to
make the Din stick tight it took two
of, them lying flat, waiting . for the
back-surging moment and wiggling it
for slack, to pull it. The coupling
dropped out of the hook and the en
gine shot ahead to the length or the
safety cnainsi thus far, but no far
ther. " •
Halkett stood up.
','It's i up to you, Danforth," he said,
raising his voice to be heard above the
pounding roar of the wheels. "You're
the youngest and lightest; get down on
the 1010's brake beam and unhook those
chains."
The secretary looked once into the
trap with the dodging Jaws and the
backward-flying bottom and declined
the honor. * /.
"I can't get down there," he cried.
"And I shouldn't know what to do if I
could." . •
Once more th© superintendent exhib
ited his nerve. He had nothing at
stake save a desire to defeat Callahan:
but he had the persistent courage or
the bull terrier. With Bucks and tha
secretary to steady him he lowered
himself in the gap till he could stand
upon the brake beam of the 1010's ten
der and grope with one free hand for
th« hook of the nearest safety chain.
Death nipped at him every time the en
gine gave or took up the slack of th»
loose coupling, but he dodged ana hung
on until he had satisfied himself.
"It's no good," he announced, when
they had dragged him by main
strength back to a' footing in th« nar
row vestibule. "Th» hook» are bent
into the links. We're due to go
wherever that damned Irishman Is
taking us.**
Shovel was firing, and tha trailing
smoke and cinders, quickly made th«
forward vestibule untenable. When
jthey were driven in, Bucks and the re
ceiver went through to the rear plat
form, where they were presently
joined by Halkett and Danforth.
-I've been trying the air again." said
the superintendent, "but It's no go.
What's next?"
The Governor gave the "word.
"Walt," he said; and the four of
them clung to the hand-rails, swaying
and bending to the bounding lurches
ex' the flying car.
Mile after mile reels from beneath
the relentless wheels, and ' still the
speed increases. Station Donerall Is
passed, and now the pace is so furious
that the. watchers on the railed plat
form cannot make out the signals in
the. volleying wake of dust. Station
Schofield Is passed, and again the sig
nals, if any there be, are swiftly
drowned in the gray dust-smother.
From Schofleld to Agua. Callente is but
a scant ten miles; and as the flying
train rushes on toward the State
boundary, two faces in the quartet of
watchers show tense and drawn un
der the • yellow light . of the Plntsch
platform lamp.*
The Governor swings himself un
steadily to the right-hand railing and
the long look ahead brings the twink
ling arc-star of the tower light on
Breezeland Inn into view. He turns
to Guilford, who has fallen limp Into
one of the platform chairs.
."In five minutes more we shall pass
Agua Callente," he says. "Will you
kill the Irishman, or shall I?" Gull
ford's lips move, but there is no audi
ble; reply; and Bucks takes Danforth's
weapon and passes quickly and alone
to the forward vestibule. - •
-'"The station of Agua Callente swings
into the field of 1010's electric 'head
light. .;-Callahan'a ta,nk has been bone
, dry for . twenty minutes, and he Is
. "Now. then, we'll trouble you , and
your -- man • to .: '¦ get out r * of ¦« here, \ Mr;
M'Tosh,." said the captain </f . the Junta
forces vindictively. -. v c '
< But the train-master was of , those
who die hard.- v He protested vigorously,'
addressing himsejf ; to ' Bicknell I andf ig
noring the : ex-district attorney ' as if he
were not. \ He, ; M'Tosh, was willing , to
surrender- the; office on >an official \or
der In ¦'. writing?over • the s chief • clerk's
signature. : But "did Bicknell fully . un-<
derstand what, it 'might- mean* in loss'
of life and property to put a new man
on the wires at - a moment's notice? - *
Bicknell would have weakened agaiiv
but Hawk was not : to be frustrated
a second time.
"Don't you see he '.Is only sparring
to gain time?" he snapped "at" Bicknell.
Then to M'Tosh: "Get out of here and.
do it quick! And r you can -go, too,"
wheeling suddenly upon Kent. ." ;
Donohue had taken no part ;'ln the
conflict of authority. But now he threw
down'hls pen and clicked "his key to
cut in. with;. the • "G. S.," which claims
the wire instantly. Then" distinctly,
and a word at a time, so that the slow
est operator on the line could get it,
he spelled out the message: "All agents
—Stop and hold all trains except first
and second fast mail, westbound.'
M'Tosh fired and office in 'hands of po
lice—"
"Stop him!", cried the shirt sleeved
man. "He's giving it away on the
wire!"
But Dqnohue had signed his name
and was putting on his coat
"You're welcome" to what you' can
find," he said, scowling at the inter
loper. "If you kill anybody now. it'll
be your own fault."
"Arrest that" man!" said Hawk to
his policemen; but Kent interposed.
h "If you do the force will be two men
shy to-morrow. The Civic League isn't
dead yet." And he took down the num
bers of the two officers. • ¦
There were no arrests .made and
when the busted three were clear of the
room""and the building Kent asked an
anxious question.
"How near can they come to smash
ing us, M'Tosh?"
"That depends on Callahan'n nerve.
The night operators at Donerall, Bcho
fleld' and Agua Callente are all Guil
ford appointees and when the new man
explains the situation, to them they'll
do what they are told to do. But; I'm
thinking* Patsy won't pull up for any
thing milder than a spiked switch."
."Well, they might throw a switch
on him. I wonder somebody hasn't
done it before this."
The train-master shook his head. •
' "If Tischer is keeping close .' up be
hind, that .would jeopardize more, lives 4
than Callahan's. But' there is "another
thing that doesn't depend on nerve-
Patsy's or anybody's." . ;
"What is that? 11 , r : > . . -
"Water. • The run is one hundred and
eighty miles. J The 1010's , tank is good
for one hundred with a train, or a pos
sible hundred and sixty, light. ' There
is about one chance in a thousand that
Callahan's' crowri-sheet ; won't get red-'
hot and crumple up on him in the last
twenty miles, .-tet's,, take a car and go
down to yard limits; We can. sit in the
office and hear., what >goes-v aver the
wires, even 'if we can't, get a." finger -in
to help Patsy out of his. troubles." ¦ _¦'; -
They boarded .a Twentieth: -avenue
car accordingly, but when they reached
the endT;or^the line; which .^waVj Just
across ' th%" tracks from the junction \\xx
the lower ' yards, they founds the . yard
limits office .'and the shops surrounded
by a^cordon*'of militia. irjr* . ~i£-l -.
"By^George!" said M'Tosh: 5 "They
got qu}clc*action. didn't they?."?I sopr
pose it's' on- v jthe ground of the-strike
and possible^ violence." ¦ "W^&'i.v-
Kent spun on his heel, heading for
the electric. car they had just left. :
"Back to town," he said; "unless you
two want to jump the' midnight Over
land as it goes out and get away while
you can. If Call ah an fails — "
CHAPTER XXIX.
The" Relentless' Wheels. '
But Engineer Callahan had no notion
of failing. When he had drawn. the
. hammer on his superior! officer, advis
ing discretion and a seat on, Jimmy
Shovel's box,;the. v 1010 was racking out
over the switches in the -western divi
sion yards. Three minutes later the
electric beam of ( .» Tischer's following
headlight sought 'and found the first
section on the ; long, tangent leading up
to the high plains and the race was in
full swing. , '• ;
At Morning Dew, the first night tele
graph station out of the capital, the
two sections were no more than a scant
quarter of a mile apart ; and the oper
ator tried to Hag the second section
down,- as reported.- This did . not hap
pen again until several stations had
been passed and Callahan set his jaw
and gave the 1010 more throttle. But at
Lossing, a town of some size, the board
was down-and a man ran out at the
crossing, swinging a red light.
Callahan .looked well to the switches,
with the".* steam shut off and his
hand dropping . instinctively to the air;
and the superintendent shrank, into his
corner and gripped the window, ledge
when the special roared past the warn
ing signals and on through the town
beyond. He had maintained. a „ dazed
silence since j the I episode of the ' flour
ished hammer, but now he was moved
to yell across the cab: .,
VI suppose you know, what you're in
for, "if you live to get out of this! It's
twenty years," 1 in. this State, to-oass a
danger signal!" '.This , is not all that
the ; . superintendent ' said; j there" were
forewords and* interjections, " emphatic
but unprintable. /
Callahan's reply" was another flourish
of the hammer,- and a. sudden outDull
ing of the throttle-bar; and the super
intendent subsided again.
But enforced ¦ silence ' and * the grind
stone ' of, conscious : helplessness will ,
. sharpen the dullest wit." The swerving
lurch of the 1010 around the next curve
, set Halkett; clutching for hand-holds,
and ; the injector . lever, fell; within ;: his
grasp. J'; What ,hel did. not know 'about
the working parts , of r a modern loco
motive' wag very considerable : but he
did know that an, injector, half opened,
will waste- water as i fast as anVinch
pipe will :¦ discharge , it. "And /without
: water the Irishman .would have to stoo."
.>, Callahan heardlthechuckllnir of the'
; wasting fboller feed before he had sone
¦ a mile beyond the curve.) It was a dis
covery, to excuse! bad language, but' his
; protest *was 'lamb-like. - ,.- ; Vv\ ~ >
¦:¦ "2io ; more ; av i that," if * we* plazei Mis- •
ther Halkett,- or. me ah*," Jimmy Shbvel'll
[ have ' to-^-Ah ! • would '. y ez, \ now?",';
THE ;SAN-FRANCISGO^ SUNDAY^CALIl
U rs. Lead the
'.. Procession
Major t^v Kff
Leads the
Soldiers.
jCaSrecque !§m
The Newest, ' A Jl \^
X- Up-to-Date
Straight - Front Gorsef. \^^
We are now ' showing the ad- V¥
vanced ideas in the styles that have H
been accepted by the highest au- ,.J ¦
thorities. boned throughout with ' -
aluminoid boning, which is rust-proof and ua*
breakable. .
THE DAINTY LATTICE RIBBON 0 1 r ft
CORSET, for slender figures. XI "11].
BL 7 BELT - REDUCING 00 7 c
CORSET, for medium or full X 7 I h
figures.- Price..: -'Vfcl I U
THE -LONG HIP MODEL, for sioui 0 t\ r ft
figures. Price .......... Jj^jjy
L We have EXPERT CORSET FITTERS in attend-
ance to tell you what Corset is most suited to your
form. "is*'ij HMJiB
FREE— CORSETS FITTED OR ALTERED.
. £r?:~"J othe mo - st exacting or to those that have
had their Corsets made to order, we would like you to
jj| ROSENBERG,
; 8 16 Market Street,
. FJHELAN- BUILDinCmwatching the glass water-gage where
the water shows now only when the
engine lurches heavily to the left. He
knows that the crown -sheet of the lire,
box is bare, and that. any moment it
may give down and the end will come.
Yet his graiyitleted hand never falls
from the throttle bar to the air-cock,
and his eyes never leave the bubble
appearing and disappearing at longer
intervals in the heel of the water glass.
Shovel has stepped firing, and . Is
hanging out of his window for the
straining look ahead. Suddenly he
drops to the footplate to grip Calla
han's arm.
"See!" he says. "They have set the
switch to throw us in on the siding!"
In one motion the flutter of the ex
haust ceases, and the huge ten-wheeler
buckles to the sudden setting, of the
brakes. The man standing in the for
ward vestibule of the naught-seven
lowers his weapon. Apparently it is
not going to be necessary to kill the
engineer, after all.
But Callahan's nerve has failed him
only for the moment. There is one
chance in ten thousand that the
circumambulating side track is empty:
one and one only, and no way to make
sure of it. Beyond the station, as Calla
han well knows, the siding comes again
into the main line and the switch is a
straight-line "safety." .Once again the
thought of his motherless child flickers
Into the engineer's brain; then he re
leases the air and' throws his weight
backward upon the throttle bar. ' Twp
gasps and a heart-beat decide it, and
before the man in the vestibule can
level his weapon and fire the one-car
train has shot around the station, heav
ing and lurching over the uneven rails
of the siding and grinding shrilly over
the points of the safety switch to race
on the down grade to Megilp.
At the mining camp the station is in
darkness save for the goggle eves of
an automobile drawn up beside the
platform, and deep silence reigns but
for the muffled, irregular thud of the
auto car's motor. But the beam of the
1010's headlight shows the small sta
tion building massed - by men, a score
of them poising for a spring to the
platforms of the private car when the
slackening speed shall permit.- A bul
let tears Into the woodwork at Calla
han's elbow and another breaks th«
glass of the window beside him, but he
makes the stop as steadily as if death
were not snapping at turn from behind
and roaring in his ears from the belly
of the burned engine.
"Be doomping yer fire lively, now.
Jimmy, b'y," he says, dropping from
his box to help. And while they wrestle
with the dumping-bar, these two, the
poising figures have swarmed upon fne
naught-seven, and a voice is lifted
above the babel of others in sharp pro
test.
nor's private secretary."
"And were they all killed?"
A great light broke in upon Kent
when he saw how Marston had misap- .
prehended. Also, he saw how much
it would simplify matters if he should;
be happy enough to catch the ball in
the reactionary rebound.
"They are all alive and uninjured, to
the best of my knowledge and belief;
though I understand that one of them
narrowly escaped lynching at the
hands of an excited mob." \ ,
The long lean figure erected itself In
the chair, and the weight of years
seemed to slip from Its shoulders.
"But I understood you to say that the
duties of the executive had devolved
upon me, Mr. Kent. You .also said I
could imagine the result of this singu
lar mistaking of train orders,' and I
fancied I could. What was the result?"
"A conclusion not. quite as sangul-.
nary as that you had in mind, though
it Is likely to prove serious enough for.
one member of the party in .the private
car. The special train was chased all
the way across the State by the fast
mail. It finally outran the pursuing
section and was stopped at Megilp. A
sheriff's posse was in waiting, and an
arrest was 'made."
"Go on," said the Lieutenant Gover
nor.
"I must first go back a little. Some
weeks ago there was a shooting affray
in the mining-camp, arising out of a
dispute over a 'salted' mine, and a man
was killed. The murderer escaped
across the State line. Since the au
thorities of the State in which the
crime was committed had every reason
to believe that a Governor's requisition
for this particular criminal would not
be honored, two courses were open to
them; to publish the facts and let the
moral sentiment of the neighboring
commonwealth punish the criminal- as
it could, or would; or, suppressing the.
facts, to bide" their chance, Of catching
their man beyond the boundaries of the
State which gave him an asylum. They
chose the latter." •
A second time Marston left his chair
and began to pace the floor. After a
little he paused to say:
"This murderer is James Guilford, I
take it; and the Governor—"
"No." said Kent, gravely. "The mur
derer is— Jasper G. Bucks." He handed
the Judge a copy of the Argus. "You
will find it all in the press despatches;
all I have told you, and a great deal
more."
The Lieutenant Governor read the
newspaper story as he walked, lighting
the electric chandelier to enable him to
do £O. ,When it was finished he sat
down again. , '
"What a hideous cesspool It is!" was
his comment. "But we shall clean It.
Mr. Kent; we shall clean it If it shall
leave the People's party without a vote
in the State. Now what can . I do for
pie off at the door. and say, that for the
present I' refuse positively to; be'seen
or • interviewed. They will '¦ find ; me at
the capitol during office hours.'//', '
It was 7 o'clock in the evening of the.
fiercest : working < day/ Kent- had ever
fought through when the special train
—his own - private special,! sent to Gas
ton and' brought /back again ¦ over the •
strike-paralyzed'; r ( oad, by the express
permission and command of the strik
ers themselves— set;, him down in the
Union station at. the capitol.
Looking back - to the gray ' of : the
morning when he had' shaken hands
on the ton floor 'of, the, Kittleton build
ing, the crowding events made the in
terval seem more like a week; and now
the events themselves were \ beginning
to take , on dream-like incongruities in
the haze. of utter weariness. >: ', .
"Evening Argus! all about the p'llmi
nary trial of Governor Bucks. Argus,
sir?" piped a small boy at the stations
exit; but Kent shook his head, found a
cab and had himself : conveyed quickly
through streets still rife ,> with excite-*
ment to the Clarendon Hotel.
In the lobby. was^the same bee-buzz-,
ing crowd with which he had been con
tending all day, and he edged his way
through it to the elevator, praying that
he might go unrecognized — as he did.
Once safe in his rooms he sent for Lor-;
ing, stretching himself on the bed in a
very ecstasy of relaxation until the ex
manager came up. Then he emptied
his mind as an overladen ass. spills its
panniers.
"I'm done, Grantham,".. he. said, "and
that is more different kinds , of truth
than you have heard In a week. ' Go
and reorganiZH your .management, and
M'Tosh is the man to put in Halkett's
place. The strike will be declared off
at the mere mention of, your name 'and
his. That's all. Now go away, and, let
me sleep."
"Oh, hold on!" was the good-natured
protest; "I'm not more curious .than I
have to be. but I'd like to know how it
was done."
"I don't know, myself; and that's the
plain fact. But I suspect Marston fell
upon. Judge MacFarlane; gave him a
-wire hint, of what was due to arrive if
he didn't give us a clean bill of health.
I had my, preliminary Interview, with
the Governor at daybreak this morn
ing; and I was with him again between
9 and 10. He went over the original
papers with me, and about all he said,
was, 'Be In Gaston by 2 o'clock this af
ternoon, and MacFarlane will give you
the hearing In chambers.* I went on
my knees to the Federative Council to
get a train."
1 "You shouldn't have had' any trouble
there."
person, and so! is Penelope." .And: it
was* not until the soup p*lates had been
removed * that, he • added a question.
"Are -you going out. to see ; : them : this
evening, * David ? You have ; my , royal
permission.",
'.'No"— bluntly.- ' '•
'-"Isn't It * up . to you «. to, ; go and give
.them a chance to: jolly, you a little?!
think they are all aching to do fit.;, Mrs.;
Hepzibah has ••* seen 'Uhe* rising stock
quotations, 'and she thinks I you are ; It."
"No; 1 1 1 can't go ; there : any more," said ¦
Kent, and his voice was gruffer than he
meant It to be. •-
"Why not?" -
"There , were / good reasons before;.
there are better ones now." • ; ,
; "A ' $700,000 difference?" ; suggested
Ormsby,- who had had speech with Lor
ing. ,:
Kent flushed a 'dull red.
"P-sha'n't- strike -you,^ Ormsby, no
matter what you say," he 'said dogged
ly. - -¦- -_¦-... ¦ / ' , . ¦ ,¦ ¦ :.;•;,
"Humph ! There :• is one difference be
tween you and Rabbi Balaam's burro,
David; it /could 'talk; sense, and • you
can't," -was the offensive. rejoinder.
Kent changed the subject abruptly.
: "Say, Ormsby; I'm, going into a po
litical office hunt. There is a. death va
cancy in: the House, ; and I^ mean to
have, the nomination, and; election. I
don't need money now, but I do need a
friend. Are you with me?"- .
'.'Oh, sure.' Miss Van Brock will an
swer for that." '
"But I don't want you to do It on her
account; I want you to do it for me."
"It's all one," said the clubmanv"
Kent looked up quickly.
-: "You are. right; ; that is the truest
word you've said to-night," and he
went away, . leaving the dessert un
touched. . - ;
The evening, was still -young when
Kent reached the house in Alamcda
square. Within the week the weather
had changed, and the -first chill of the
approaching autumn was: in the air.
The ' great square house" was lighted
and, warmed, and. the homeliness of the
place appealed to him as It never had
before. To her other gifts, which were
many; and diverse. Miss Van Brock
added that. of homemaking; and the af
termath of battle is apt to be an acute
longing for peace and. quiet, .for do
»mesticity and creature comforts.
He had not seen _Portla since the
night when she had armed him for the
final struggle with the enemy; he told
himself that he should not see her
again until the battle was fought and
won. But In no part of the struggle
had he been suffered to .lose sight, of
his obligation to her. * He had seen the
chain "lengthen .link by link, and now
in its most sensitive part.
"I. am' glad if. "it amuses you," he
frowned. "Only I meant' it in all seri
ousness." .
"No,, you .didn't;- you only thought
you ' did." she contradicted, and ? the
brown eyes were still. laughing at him.
"Let me tell you • what you ; did mean.
You • are pleased to think that . I have
helped you— that an obligation has been
incurred; ; and you. meant io pay your
debt like a man and a gentleman in the
only coin a woman is supposed to
recognize."
"But if I should say that you are
misinterpreting the motive?" he sug
gested.' I *
"It would y make your nice' little
speech a " perjury * instead of a simple
untruth,' and I should say no, again, on
other, and perhaps better, 1 grounds."
"Name them," he said shortly. ;• .
"I will, David; though I am neither a
stick nor a stone to do it without winc
ing. You love another woman with all
your heart and soul; and you know it."
"Well? You see I ant neither admit
ting nor denying."
"As if you needed to!" she scoffed.
"But don't interrupt me, please. You
said I might take what there is of you
and make what I can of it; I might
make you anything and everything in
the world, David, except that which a
woman craves most in a husband— a
lover." '
His eye*^rew dark.
"I wish I knew, how much thatvword
means to you, Portia." \ ¦
"It means just as much to me as it ,
does to everv* woman who has ever
drawn the breath of life in a passionate
world. David., But that isn't all.
Leaving Miss Brentwood' out of the
question, you'd be miserably. unhappy."
"Why should I?"
"Because I shouldn't be able to real
ize a single one of your ideals. I know
what they are — what you will expect in
a wife. I could make you a rich man.
a successful man, as the world mea
sures success, and perhaps'I could even
give you love; after. the first flush of
youth is past, the heavenly affinity
sentiment loses its hold and a woman
comes to know that if she cares to try"
hard enough she can love any man who
will be -thoughtful- and gentle, and
whose habits of life are not hopelessly
at war with her own. But that kind of
love doesn't breed love. Your vanity
would pique itself for a little while, and
then you would know the curse of un
sought love and murder me in your
heart a thousand a day. No,
No. - David," I have "read you to little
purpose if these are the things you will
ask of the woman who takes your
name and becomes' the mother. of your
children." . She had risen . and was
standing, beside his chair, with her
hand lightly touching his shoulder.
"Will you go now? There- are others
coming, and — "
, distance between themselves and Pe
nelope's joyous grinding out of a Wag
ner scroll. "It ' looks as if the owners
had walked out at a moment's notice."
"They did," said Kent. "They went
to Europe, I believe. ' And by the way;
I think I have a souvenir here some
where. Will you go up to the first
landing of the stair and point your
finger at that window?"
She did it. wondering; and when he
had the line of direction he knelt in the
cushioned window-seat and began to
probe -with the blade of his pen knife
in a small round hole in the woodwork.
"What is it?" she asked, coming
down to stand beside him.
"This." He had cut out a flattened
bullet and was holding it up for her to
see. • "It was. meant for me. and I've
always had an idea that I heard it
strike the woodwork."
"For you? Were you ever here when
the house was occupied?"
"Yes, once: It is the Senator Duvall
place. This is the window where I
broke in."
She nodded intelligence.
"I know . now why* you are going to
buy\Jt. The Senator is another of tnose
whom you haven't forgiven.'.'
His laugh was a ready denial.
"I have nothing against Duvall. He
was one of Bucks' dupes, and he is
paying the price. The property is to be
sold at a forced sale, and it is a good
investment."
,"ls that all it means <o you? It Is too
fine to be hawked about as a thing to
make money with. It's a splendidly
ideal home — leaving out that thing that
Penelope Is quarreling with." And she
made a feint of stopping her ears.
He laughed again.
"Ormsby .says I ought to buy It, and
marry and settle down."
She took him, seriously.
"You don't need it. Miss Van Brock
has a very lovely home of her own,"
she said soberly.
. It was at-his" tongue's end to tell the
woman he loved how the woman he did
not love had refused him, but he saved
himself on the brink and said:
"Why Miss Van Brock?"
" "Because she Is vindictive, too,
"But I am not vindictive."
"Yea, you are. Do you know any
thing about Judge MacFarlane's family
affairs?"
"A little. He has three daughters;
one. of them rather unhappily married,
I believe."
"Have you . considered the cost to
these three women if you make their
father's name a byword In the city
where they were born?"
"He should have considered it," was
the unmoved reply.
"David!" she said; and he locked up
quickly.
"You want me to let him resign? It
would be compounding a felony. He is
"Put away that rope, boys! There's
law here, and by God we're going to
maintain it!" "*'." % 1
At this a man pushed 'his way out
of the thick of the crowd and climbs to
a eeat beside the chauffeur in the wait
ing automobile.
"They've got him," he says shortly.
"To the hotel- for all you're worth,
Hudglns; our part Is to get this on the
wires before 1 o'clock- Full speed, and
never mind the ruts^*
CHAPTER XXX
t Subhl 6adi!c
V The da"wn of a new day was graying
over the capital city and the newsboys
were crying lustily in the streets when
David Kent felt his way up the dark
staircases of the Kittleton building to
knock at the door of Judge Oliver Mar
eton's rooms on the top floor. He was
the bearer of tidings and he made no
more than a formal excuse for the un
seemly hour when the door was opened
by the Lieutenant Governor.
"I am sorry to disturb you, Judge
Marston," he began, when he had
closed the door at his back and was •
facing the tall thin figure in flannel
dressing gown and slippers, "but I
imagine I'm only a few minutes ahead
of the crowd. Have you heard the news
fit the night?"
The Judge pressed the button of the
droplight" and waved his visitor to a
chair.
"I have heard nothing, Mr. Kent.
Have a cigar?"— passing the , box of
unutterable Btogies.
"Thank you; not before breakfast,"
was the hasty reply. Then, without
another word of preface: "Judge Mar
ston, for the time being you ar« the.
Governor of the State and I have come
to—"
"One moment," interrupted his lis
tener. "There are some stories that
read better for a foreword, however
brief. What has happened?"
* "This: last night it was-the purpose
of Governor Bucks and Receiver Gull
ford to go to Gaston Mfy, special train.
In some /manner, which has not- yet
been fully explained, there was. a con-,
fusion of orders. Instead or proceeding
eastward .the. special was switched to
the tracks of the western division; was
made the first section of the fast mall,
which had orders to-run through with- .
out stop. You can imagine the result".
Marston got upon his feet slowly and
began pacing the length" of , the long ¦
room. / Kent waited, and the shrill cries
of the newsboys floated \ up and in
through the open windows. When the
Judge finally came back to his chair the
saturnine face was gray and haggard. '
"I. hope it was an accident that can
be clearly proved," he said; and a mo
men J later: "You spoke of Bucks and
Guilford; were there others in the, pri
vate car?" : '
"Two others; Halkett and the Gover-
you? You didn't come here at this hour
in the morning merely to bring me the
news." ; .
"No, I didn't, Judge Marston. I want
my railroad."
"You shall have it," was the prompt
response. "What have you done since
our last discussion of the subject?"
"I tried to 'obliterate* Judge Mac-
Farlane, as you suggested. But I
failed in the first step. Bucks and
Meigs refused to approvcthe quo war
ranto."
The Judge knitted his brows thought
fully. '
"That way is open to you now; but it
is long and devious, and delays are al
ways dangerous. You spoke of the re
ceivership as being part of a plan by
which your road was to be turned over
to an Eastern monopoly. How nearly
has that plan succeeded?"
Kent hesitated, not because he was
afraid to trust the man Oliver Marston,
but because there were some things
which the Governor of the State might
feel called upon to Investigate If the
knowledge of them were thrust upon
him. But in the end he took counsel of
utter frankness.
"So nearly that if Bucks and the re
ceiver had reached Gaston last night,
our road would now be in the hands of
the Plantagoulds under a ninety-nine
year lease.""
The merest ghost of a smile flitted
over the Lieutenant Governor's face
when he said, . with his nearest ap
proach to sarcasm:
"How extremely opportune the collu
sion of train orders becomes as we go
along! But answer one more question
if you please — It will not involve these
singularly heedless railway employes of
yours; is Judge ¦ MacFarlane in Gaston
now?" ¦
"He is. He. was to have met the
others, on the arrival of the special
train."
There were footsteps on the stair and
in the corridor, and Marston rose.
"Our privacy is about to be Invaded,
Mr. Kent. This is a " miserable busi
ness;; miserable for everybody,, but
most of all, for the deceived and hood
winked people of- an unhappy State.
God knows, I did not ; seek this office ;
but since it has fallen on me, I shall
do my duty . as I see it A and- my,' hand
shall be heaviest upon that man .who
makes > a mockery- of the justice he is
sworn to. administer. ;Come to the capi
tol a little later in the day, prepared to
go'at once to Gaston; I think I can
promise you your hearing on'the'merlts
without further delay.'!-.;
"Thank you," said Kent, - simply,
grasping : the '. . hand of leave taking.
Then he tried- to find other and larger
words. "I wish I could- do, something
to show my appreciation of your—"'
But the •Lieutenant,, Governor, was
pushing him: toward the door.
"You have done something, Mr. Kent,
and you can do more., Head those peo-
- "I didn't , have, after the men under
stood what was in the wind. Jarl Ole
son took me down and brought , me
back. -The council did it handsomely,
dipping into its treasury and paying
the mileage on a Pullman car."
"And MacFarlane reversed 'his own '
order?"
"Without a question. It was the
merest formality. Jennison, Hawk's
former law partner, stood for the. other
side: but he made'no argument." .
"Good!" said Loring.: "That will do
for the day's work. But now I'd ¦ like
to know how last night's job was man
aged."
"I'm afraid you want to know more
lhan is good for you. • What do the
papers say? I haven't looked at one all
day." v . '
"They say there was a misunder
standing of . orders. . ; That will j answer
for the "public, perhaps, but it won't do
for me." -.
"I guess it .will have to do for you,
too, Grantham," - said Kent, v yawning
shamelessly. , "Five^ men; rbesides my^
self — six of us in all — know the true in
wardness of last; night's round up.
There will never, be a seventh."
Loring's eye-glasses - fell from ,'his
nose," jand he' was smiling shrewdly
when Re replaced, them. , . ;¦
' "There is one small consequence that
doesn't : please you, I'm:' sure. You'll
have to bury the hatchet with Mac-
Farlane."
"Shall I?" flashed Kent, sitting up as
if he had been struck. with a whip.'>''Let
me tell you: Marston is going to call ah:
extra session of the* Assembly. 1 There
is a death vacancy In this district; and
I shall be a candidate in ¦ the ¦ special
election. If there '. Is f no other; way "to
get' If -MacFarlane, he -shall be im
peached !'.'¦; l
"H'm; so you're going into politics?"
"You've ; said . it," said ; Kent,"; subsidy
ing among the pillows." "Now will you
go?v . ¦'¦¦-¦. ¦¦¦ ¦; - ." ' . : - . ¦". : . ¦- . ¦ ¦ '",' ';
It took the fgeneral manager a 1 wake
ful twenty- four hours - to'; untangle -the
industrial /snarl : .which "..was { the "re
ceiver's; legacy to v his! successor;;' and
David --"Kent " slept > through > the * major :
part • of "¦ that r, interval, \ rising • only -¦- in ,
time to dress for dinner' on ! the^day^ fol
lowing the i retrieval lot i the\Transwest
ern.'r v ;f",* :.;¦.': ,:-' [ '-^: : ':.... ¦
¦ In r the grill ; room ' of; the .Camelot he ;
came i face i to 'face ; .withiOrmsbj',' - and,
learned, toV'hls. astonish
ment, f that J the , Breezeland •] party i had ¦
returned; to the capital on.the first train
ln^fromUhelwest. 11V rf.T^^
> VI^thought; you iwere going to stay a
month i or.; more," he.said," with -his- eye»
cast ¦ down., ~~. ¦':¦'.', ;. ; > : '..¦:- --- ,-'¦':'¦ ¦¦'•',:• '.,":
* "So!dld"I."isaid Orfh'sby.' /'But^Mrs.'
Brentwood* cut -it short.". She's a town
the time was come for the .welding of
it into a shackle to bind. He did not
try to deceive himself, nor did he allow
ths glamour of false sentiment to bind
him. With an, undying love for Elinor
Brentwood in his heart, he knew well
what was before him. .' None the less,
Portia should; have her just due. .
She was waiting for him when he en
tered the comfortable library.
"I knew you would come to-night,"
she said cheerfully.; "I gave you a ddy
to drive '¦ the nail— and, O David ! you
have driven .it well!— another 1 day to
clinch it, and a : third to recover from
the effects. Have you fully recovered?"
"I hope so. : I took the day for it, at
all events," he laughed. "I, am just
out of bed, as you might say." ;
"I can imagine how. it took it out of
you," she assented. "Not so much the
work, but the anxiety. . . Night i before
last, after MrJ Lorlng went away, I
sat it out with the telephone, nagging
poor Mr. Hildreth/for news until I
know he wanted to murder me."
."How. much did \ you ' set of It?" he
asked. — "*¦ , ¦ , ~- ¦/' ¦•-.':_, -¦-': c v^"- - ;
"He told me all he dared— tor. perhaps
it was all ; he knew— and , It f made me
feel miserably helpless. ; The little ,1
could ; get from the Argus office was
enough to prove that all your, plans
had -been changed'at the last-moment."
"They were," he admitted; and he be
gan. at the beginning and; filled in the
details for her/. : .,- . ;•". ..',..
She heard him" through' without com
ment^ other ;than a .kindling of <the>
brown eyes at the climaxes of daring;
but at the end she gave him praise un
stinted. ¦ .^: x ¦ -f : ' ' '¦.'-¦ • ¦••¦ ¦ " '¦ '
""You have played the man, David, as
I knew you would if ; you could be once
fully aroused. "I've* had: faith in you
from < the very; first." f ' ,~
"It has been more than faith,' Portia,"
t he asserted ¦ soberly.'; '. VYou \ have taken
me i up , and *r. carried " me when 1 I f~ could
neither run < nor ',. walk.' \-, Do ymi : suppose
I ' am : so ; besotted' as ! not I to ! realize that
you have been " the ; head, while I have
been only' the hand?"* " ¦
"Nonsense^'- 5 she' 1 said' lightly. "You
are in the dumps ¦ of : :the "reaction now.
¦You ; mustn't ' say i things < that - you will
be'sorryjfor;Uaterjon." ; " ¦ '
/ ¦¦¦"Ii'am going to say.one'thlrig, never
. theless ; J and 1 1t {.will 5 remain \ for,; you ;' to
make- it" a v - thing* hard • to i be 1 rememf
bered.'or the other. kind.V.Wlllyou take
..what : ther« % is :. of ,» me • and . make * what
you'ean-of it?*.' ; ¦ " '
•-She laughed in fiis fac"e._- •" . *.< : -
". "No,- my;. : dear;; David ; rno.\ ; no.V ho."
And' after : a ; little > pause: "How
riously 5 transparent /you /are, ; to be
Bure!"-','.,'» v - , : >: -¦-'¦--. ¦¦ ¦ , J ¦ ,- ,-'' :
-He.would 'have been less than a-man
Jf ;. his -self-love had -not been- touched
He made his adieux gravely and went
away half dazed and a prey to many
emotions, but ¦ strangely light hearted
withal; and as once before, he walked
when he might have ridden. But the
mixed-emotion mood was not immortal.
At the. Clarendon .he found a com
mittee of Civic Leaguers waking to
ask him if he would stand as a "Good
Government" candidate in the capital
district; ;and in the discussion of ways
and means, and the settling of political
plans which followed there was little
food for sentiment.
It was three weeks and more after
Governor Marston's call summoning
the Assembly for an "investigative ses
sion. Kent had fought his way tri
umphantly through the special election
to a seat in the* House, aided and
abetted manfully by Ormsby, Hlldreth,
and the entire VTranswestern influence
and vote. And now men were begin
ning to say that without the tireless
blows ' of. the keen-witted, sharp-/
tongued young corporation lawyer, the
junta might sill have reasserted itself.
But the House Committee, of , which
Kent.. was the youngest member and
the chairman, had proved incorrupti
ble, and the day* of the . Gaston .wolf
pack was over.- Hendricks resigned, to
escape a worse thing; Meigs came over
to the majority with a show of hearti
ness that made > Kent doubly watchful
qf-him; heads fell to the right and left,
until at the last there was left only one
member of the original- cabal to reckon
with; the judicial tool of the • capitol
ring. '
'.- Kent had hesitated when MacFar
lane's name came up; , and the Judge
never knew, that "he owed his escape
from the' inquisitorial House Com
mittee, and his permission to resign on
the plea of 'broken < health, to a ; young
woman whom he had never seen.--*/
„ It was Elinor Brentwood who was his
intercessor; ; and the ; occasion was 'the
last day. "of 'the third week of the extra
session— a Saturday . afternoon and a
legislative v recess when . Kent had bor
rowed .;>' Ormsby's r autocar, ¦ and had
driven - Elinor.-; and ; Penelope ' •. out to
Pentland Place, to; look at a house; he
was thinking of buying/ " For ;with
means' Indulge it,. Kent's "Gaston
bred; mania' for : plunging* In real estate
had returned; upon .him' with all the
', acuteness of a half ¦'satisfied' passion. :
¦ .They had gone all over the house and
grounds with' the caretaker,' and * when
there ¦ was ' nothing . more ' to ; see, ¦ Penel
ope had prevailed ; on ;the- woman -to
open the Venetians in 1 the "music room.
I There * was ! a""- grand ¦ piano -in the-' place
of ' honor,* presided ' over by a mechani
cal f piano-player; • and ',: Penelope went:
into ! ecstacles of mockery... " : ' *\ - "•
J ; "Wait till I can i find the music scrolls,
; and 'I'll hypnotize " you," she : said 'glee
fully;/ arid*'l Kent . and 'Elinor, beat- a
hasty retreat. to, the, wide entrance hall.
"I don't quite understand it,',* was
Elinor's ' comment, when they; had put
a judge," and he was bribed."
She sat down beside him in the
cushioned window seat and began to
plead with him.
"You must let him go," she insisted.
"It is entirely in your hands as chair
man of the House Committee; the Gov
ernor, himself, told me so. vi know all
you, say about him is true: but he is
old and wretched, with only a little
while to live, at best."
There was a curious little smile curl
ins: his lip when he answered her.
"He has chosen a good advocate. It
is quite like a man of his stamp to try
to reach me through you." .
"David!" she said again. Then: "I
really shouldn't know him if. I were to
see him." ...
"Then why — " he began; but there
was -a' love-light in the blue-gray eyes
to set his heart aflre. "You are doing
this for me?" he said, trembling on the
verge of things unutterable.
"Yes. You don't know how it hurts
me tc- see you growjng hard and merci
less as you climb higher and higher in
the path you have marked out for your
self." . : • . . . ,
"The path you have marked out for
me," he corrected. "Do you remember
our. little talk over. the embers of the
fire in your sitting-room a.t home? I
knew then that* I had: lost the love I
might have won; .but the desire to be
the kind of leader you were describing
was born in me at that moment. I
haven't always been true to the. Ideal.
I couldn't be, lacking the right to wear
your colors on my heart — "
"Don't!" she said. "I haven't been
true to my ideals. I— I sold them,
David!"
She was in his arms when she said, It.
and the* bachelor, maid was quite lost
in the woman.
"I'll never believe that.'* he said loy
ally. "But if you did, well buy them
back— together."
Penelope was good to them. It was a
full half hour before she professed her
self satisfied with the mechanical piano
itoy; and when she was through, she
helped the woman caretaker to shut the
Venetians, with clanglngs that would
have warned the most oblivious pair of
lovers. .
And afterward, .when they were . free
of the house, she ran - ahead to the
waiting autocar, leaving Kent and Eli
nor to follow at a snail's pace down the
leaf-covered ' walk to the gate. There
was a'cedarihejlge'to mark the aide
walk '-- boundary, and while it still
screened them Kent bent quickly to the
upturned face of happiness.'
"One . more," he pleaded ; and when
he had "it: : "Do you know now, dearest,
why, I. brought you here to-day?"
•' She" nodded Joyously.
"It is the i sweetest , old place. And.
David, dear; we'll bring our ideals-^all
of • them; " and it , shall be your haven
when the storms beat."*-
THE -END. -
THE . SANV^ FRANCISCO 'MSUND AY: '.CALLJ
... 1X50=^— j£5Cji ..
I ANNOUNCEMENT. ' v RULES. e
£ For the purpose of encouraging California and Western writers. Each Week for the Best* «.t •., l -j . t t. u •
> by offering a consideration for short stories equal to that paid by the , i V :r No story will be considered that is less than 3500 nor more than €
: best magazines, and for the purpose of bringing young and unknown £H , 0 m _#~|^ m, ffZjQk df* #V% ; _*^ 1* ' • ¦ 3Soo..woras in length. The length of the story must be marked in 9
\ writers to the front, the Sunday Call announces a weekly fiction con- WT% B H SUf 8 1 fi B _W * P fi S ures - ii-'" . a
S test in which a cash prize of $50 will be paid each week for the best * «H H^. a *. w « «L S _P_v m •- t ' \h. 1 «•»•'• •« * ~ * tu.'.,.u, ,„ O
I st6ry submitted. There is no section of America more fertile iri ma- . VJ> A & *> A W A ,^T *% A In the selection of stones names will not count. The unknown,*
9 terial for fiction or more prolific in pens gifted to give spirit to the writer will have the same standing as the popular author. ,, J
J material at hand than is California and the West. Therefore the Sun- - H - ______' ''¦¦•¦--¦ " '-%'- . H '}~~ : .~-k '.'III c
1 day Call offers $50 for the best story submitted each week by a West- jtBSSB&k. USSSf uS^B3k JEsS&K s one °^ e °°i ects ?^ *^ e Sunday Call is to develop a new corps ©
I ern writer. " Stories of Western life and Western characters will, as a WWmfH^ $ar^ W^^ra^ • weTEfiS&t of Western writers no stories under noms de plume will be considered. ©
J rule, be given the preference, but all strong stories, and especially f9J|** fSflB. 1^ 1W ' ¦'"" i&i™ If a StOry Carns P ubUcation it: vvin be wel1 worth the writer ' s name - f
» strong stories by new writers, will receive careful consideration. ISB§_fes__ _Hr^_Bk> Iml' ' Bj^^ • IV q
> Each story will be iudeed strictly upon its literary merit. Type- in Stories not accepted will be returned at once. Those selected q
* written copy is the easiest to read and will receive the first consider- »m bTKs! B@3 EM S^i B^li K« IimS w *^ be P UD Ushed one each week. 9
I ation from the editor, but do not hesitate to send a story in hand- HfiJfiJj§ja * 4kAm&|§} li§LfU@3P v • \/ •
j writing if you cannot afford to have it typewritten. This fiction contest will be continued indefinitely: ' ~ : ~ y; O
I Fifty dollars in cash for a story of not less than 2500 words and '<¦ BP^ ¦ , ' \I\ \
\ not more than 3500 words is approximately $17 per thousand words. . ¦— — . _... , . . k . ". An author may submit as many manuscripts as he desires, but no •
I or 1.7 cents per word. The highest price paid by the leading magazines Submitted to the one- writer will be -permitted to win more than three prizes during the •
\ for the work of any but the very best writers is rarely more than . OUDmiliea IO me— — — ; contest •
f two cents a word, more often one cent and a half, and generally one _-_. ' _^ _, «»_1 a '.-•'; ' o* A/II " ' ' •
[ Cfnt. With the majority of ¦magazines the writer, after his story is ac- C* W ¥ ml ¥\ Mi /"^ All Always inclose return postace. No manuscripts will be returned %
I cepted, is compelled to waU^unt^the publication of his story before IJ |^| HI id^ 1j B^ I | unless accompanied by return postage. %
> first Sunday followine the iadrine of the week's manuscripts. /t^l— « y-V-' <-*¦ ~ mi - - • last pa|C, and to the SUNDAY EDITOR OF THE CALU J
f & I I ' M ' ' t" I "^ I -f ."^ . oAIM I'KAlMLlovUt vnL.
i -aJLJ 1 ---/ \J bJLJ fc_-/ H_y j
i ¦ • ¦ . ¦¦ ¦ ¦ .• ¦ ¦ ' . TT ¦my, world ( as I find it. I'm not lecturing yon to make you a good
man as I see goodness, for you're coming on my way pretty
strong as it is ;. but as to Frances— if you don't get busy along her
line of light some man who is will land her and marry her alive be
fore your eyes." '
I could not but laugh at her quaint views. I hinted that if I
had shown some of the worldly improvement she saw in me now
upon a certain sentimental occasion when I did myself the honor of
asking a charming widow— who was still my good friend to
marry me .I 1 ' might have had better luck. She received this per
sonal sally seriously, and after a pause responded : "Perhaps you
are right, Reuben. I'm not sworn not to remarry, and it might
have been that with your income, with your presentable looks
you are less gillified since you've taken your mind off politics and
putit^ontheworld— I say,. if you had then shown a sign that you
would turn out a perfect man of the world, who knows what might
have happened. Widdies get awfully lonely sometimes, Reuben
Now^run away, hunt uj>, Frances, and try to square yourself « with
her for having kissed her mamma."
I came away, Uncle Silas, but did not hunt up Frances. Of
course : L love her, but an odd feeling comes over me when I con
template marriage, with her that here agaip I am a victim of an
unintended : confidence game played on me by < my own emotions
For what,rin,brief,-is falling a victim to a confidence jrame? It is
the beguiling .of us through our best 'feelings. As a companion for
the skies, for.a^world of angels, his Visionary, fanciful girl of 18
jwould^be^the ideal; but in a world of mere human beings— a very
P°? t^Id, ; too> ; aiid ; the only 6ne of which we have any positive
kn6wledge3-the^ap P lu:ation:of a poet's dream of ideal induct
would . inevitably ' land : us :• in a marsh of misunderstanding and fin
all 7. .? f ; enn , ul > which some clear-headed worldling must ever
step, in and: save -us. , s cver
merely academic. I did not seek Frances to-dav
but 1 shall— to-morrow. Affectionately, REUBEN.-
"Oh, I'll do that for you," she kindly replied.
And, Uncle Silas, she did, and with such wit that I was
amazed, and frankly said so; the more amazed because her, writing
is daintily witty, whereas her speech, as you recall, is calculated to
impress hearers with the belief that her vocabulary is as limited
as it is brusque.
: "You are deucedly bright, Polly," I said, and then blushed to
hear myself call , her by her first name. She overlooked that, or
seemed to, but laughed heartily at my use of the word "deucedly."
s *"Ypu .are a transformed^ man !" she declared, laughing. "Your use
of 'deucedly' tells, more' than all your 'tailor's extravagances, your
horses, clubs, petits soupres,.than ! ahyttiing" else. Bravo, Reuben f'
Mrs!: i Lacquerre's .arrangement of s my modest little play
changed the rival kings into queens; and they, with their following
of native girls, furnished the feminine portion of the, cast, and
diplomats and naval officers called for the services of a number of
my men friends. Mrs. Lacquerre played one of the queens and
, Aunt Sarah the other, and their witty hits at the brass band set
rivals kept my audience in merry mood. My part in the play was
the German Consul; whose duty it is to make a final decision as to
the rival claims, to the throne. Airs. Lacquerre was the queen in
whose favor I was to decide, and the action required that queen
" and consul rub noses, as is the custom among the natives, as a
sign of amicable relations. Mrs. Lacquerre looked bewitching,
having given rein to her pretty fancy in costume— besides being a
person of ;notable loveliness — so, at the moment our faces ap
proached to rub noses, a sudden spirit of mischief, which at few
months ago I would have considered myself incapable, of harbor
ing, made me salute her lips with mine, in lieu of the nose rub
bing.. The audience saw and laughed heartily at my daring, but
Aunt Sarah severely reproached me for the act as soon as chance
afforded her undisturbed opportunity. Aunt Sarah reminded me
that such an act was most unbecoming at any time, but in her
presence it came near being an insult, nq^ alone to her, but to her
daughter, my charming cousin, Josephine; My "dear aunt was em
phatic in expressing ¦ her hope that my indecorous act did not por
tend any return of my warmth of affection for ; Mrs. Lacquerre,
and was \ appeased' only when I assured her of the unemotional na
ture of our friendship. Mrs. Lacquerre laughed the incident away,
as the others did ; in public; but later took me \ to; task about 'it in
terms which proves her possessed of still another unexpected vo
cabulary.
"It was a darn fool trick for you to do," she said to me. "Not
that I am objecting, to being kissed in public— the more public the
less harm. That's not : the point! You are queerihg* your own pros
pects, and that is. evidence of a lack of wit! hate to see— in you."
"My-own prospects \", I exclaimed. A :
. "Surely," ; shej replied. "Here you are, trying to. get my gal to
marry you, and, knowing what a crank she is about the convention
alities, : you : get: gay': in' just: the way which willtake you' months to
S 9u&re. For ; Vmanvivho is in love with^rarices' you seem to know
precious little: about her make-up."- -
For some: reason this view of the situation vexed - me, but I
politely responed to : Mrs. Lacquerre: "It is true that I hope to in
duce Frances to; change her mind ; about my proposal/ I appre
ciate", that with her for my wife I will .have a guiding light to lead
me toward thej goal; of; my -political ¦ambition ;V'that'' in Frances I
will have; a companion who will appreciate and- help. my Jntelle<?tual
strivings and: spiritual: yearnings; with her to_ approve my. efforts I
know rl-cani make my ; fellow-man admit my superior gifts for the
political uplifting-—— " ? .
• "Fudge!" interrupted Mrs. Lacquerre. "You are: in love with
Frances and (want her.: to be in love) with ;ypu; ; That's about ¦ all
thereof to.thattsituation. ,;¦; Franceslisn^t/hankering'aher; spiritual
ity or. any; other j fuddyfduddyism'; she wants you to make a big'suc
cess of -something^outside of s society. r that ? she;doesn't f like'
society ; but, 1 , haying been: born : into ; it, she can Vsee that it requires
w !*» ; w ! s dom, \ struggle and capacity for; doing, tilings on ) the part of
those -not ¦ in to butt in. Your success ; in that- line doesn't count- in
¦ y°ur favor with her. r Now, I'm r not?blushing; : behind > my Vf an '^be^
cause: you had ;the, cheek to^ kiss "me :. when rl > couldn't C help - my
;self;-.rm only telling -ypn : that an actsug^sts'to FrancesHhat
: vou , ' ? re » i«nder ¦¦ your Junny> pretensetof diking /a ; hair : shirt; ; mighty
¦ f ond .°*- a siIk on «^ • 1>m ¦ different f ronv Frances ; -I'm satisfied : with
0EAR UNCLE SILAS: 1 am greatly pleased to receive
your letter saying that you will soon be in New York.
But its tenor rather than its explicit statements puzzles
me. You express lively interest in all that I said about
my declaration of love! to Miss Frances Lacquerre and
her decisive refusal of my hand, but nowhere in your letter do I
perceive a hint even that I may count upon your help in changing
the young lady's unreasonable state of mind. You do, to be sure,
tell me that you much admire her character — I recall that she has
expressed equally approving opinions of yours — and perhaps I
should consider that your approval of her, is tantamount to an as
surance that you will assist me in my suit, for if you approve her
and I want her — thus you may have unconsciously argued — I can
therefore count upon your help.
To inform you of the precise status here, that you may act
intelligently in respect to it, I find myself in unchanged relations
to the Lacquerre household, and that is, in essence, as if I should
say that I am treated as a member of it. I often have informed
you that I delight in discussing my plans with Mrs. Lacquerre.
She is sympathetic, and while she does not agree with my politi
cal ambitions, as I wrote you, she does agree and greatly help in
ray determination to devote a reasonable amount of my energies
to society affairs.
In this respect I must, as I do in all subjects, speak to you
without concealment. While I am not yet convinced that there
is material grave enough for my constant attention in the affairs
of the social world my views on the general subject have been
much modified by recent experiences, as well as by the advice and
counsel of Mrs. Lacquerre. ;She has patently pointed out to me
the advantage one of my wealth and intellect gains by intimate as
sociation with his equals, and I have come not only to agree with
her, but to enjoy my life as it is directed by her. I can without con
ceit assert that under her wise and friendly guidance I have ac
quired a pleasant aptitude in the art of entertaining, the men and
women I meet in her— in my — world.
The life of a man of the world is not so futile, so lacking in
profitable activities, as I somewhat dogmatically have been prone
to adjudge it. I find that entertaining and being entertained by
agreeable people, having common interests and pastimes, has a
charm wholly unsuspected by me heretofore. I am even willing
to admit that in the earlier days of my intercourse with such peo
ple I may have displayed a determination amounting almost to .
uncouthness to make them consider my pet themes to the en
forced exclusion of theirs, lam now cognizant that social inter
course which is free from annoying friction largely results from
an accommodation of acts, of views, of manner, even of dress, .to
the end that an agreeable atmosphere of repose may prevail,
rather than an air disturbed by petty cross currents of aims and
standards.
, .1 . As I read over what is just here set down I am conscious that
it may address you as indicating a radical change in my ideals.
It may be so, but I must tell frankly .these things though they
excite apprehension at what you may consider a backsliding.
I spoke of this to Mrs. Lacquerre before I wrote it and she re
plied: "True, Reuben, your Uncle Silas may not agree with your
views, but he will not blame you for holding them. He is a man
who is content only when engaged in big and strenuous affairs, yet
he accommodates himself to the smaller things of our social world
and makes himself agreeable therein as well as the most, devoted
man of society. When he visits us he is quite a beau to Frances
and me, yet is rushing all over the lot, carrying deals through the
street, as if he held that the chief task of man is to give the finan
cial world the willies. That is why Frances is so chummy with
him." , .
"Indeed!" I exclaimed. "Is Frances, then, so chummy with
my Uncle Silas?".
"The best ever 1" declared Mrs. Lacquerre. "You see that,
while Frances is not yet nineteen, and your Uncle Si is my age,
thirty-nine, she is his elder in soberness of mind and severity of
standards. Oh, they are great pals I In one way he is your jun
ior. By the way, Reuben, just how old are you? — some one was
asking me."
"I am approaching my twenty-ninth birthday," I replied. "You
can remember the number as being ten, less than the age of my
uncle and ten more than that of Frances."
"Ten more than mine, too," commented Mrs. ¦-'.Lacquerre
thoughtfully. Then she smiled and abruptly changed the subject.
I reminded her that she had promised to matronize an enter
tainmeni,. for me at my apartment, and as I had an 'accumulation
of social debts to discharge I urged an early date for the affair.
She named a convenient day and promised to fulfill her agree
ment to have a number; of handsome young ladies present, and
fewer mammas who would endeavor to carry my heart by direct
?assault. ,
Having acquired some knowledge in the matter of social en
tertainment, I determined to arrange the programme for my aft
ernoon at home without calling on Aunt Sarah for help. I had, 1 as
a mere exercise in composition, written a trifling comedy, based
upon some troubles in the Samoan Islands, when the diplomats of
Germany, England and America, assisted by the officers of some
warships of those countries, were all deeply involved in an effort
to untangle and adjust the rival claims to the Samoan ttirone made
by a couple of barefooted natives, whose posings before the world
were in themselves farcical, yet brought three great nations to the
verge of war. Thinking that such a 'light comedy as I had; written
would afford a suitable vehicle for r an amateur . performance, ' I
submitted it to Mrs. Lacquerre for her judgment. When . she had
read; it she said : "This is pretty ; good 1 tragedy for the profes
sional j stage, Reuben, : biit for our it must be adapted to
make a satire on the rival -claims; of certain '; women in Uhe brass:
band' set- in New York. ¦ Their doings are much in print, but they
have no more. to do with swell society than your Samoans, had to
do with : weltpolitik." "
"Excellent!" I cfied, "but. I am not well enough informed as
to the brass band set's social politics to adapt my. play to such'
satire."
THE 7 SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY; -CALi:.
ADVENTURES OF REUBEN* * T-\ RESIDENTIAL ; PROBLEMS,"
r^-t ex-President *' .Grover . • Cleve-
JL : land's newly, published book, : is
unique I in t the '[ "fear's . ; ', Herein
we have history .written' by. one who
was one of the. chief formative ¦ factors
in its • making. We - have. • likewise, the
comment . of: Cleveland, ; the; private cit
izen, upon" the: official ! aotlons of |CleyW
land the^ President- Both .as * history
and '' ai \ comment* "Presidential Prob
lem£' ¦•; is • a book well worth careful
reading. ,' .. ' ; '^-- .•>v\ : "^- ¦'.':„ ~*'.
'• "In'considerlng the propriety, of pub-
PROBLEMS
Of GHielV Xxecuiiye
T. HB of: one j of B. ; Phillips
Oppenhelm's , stories Is like a ride
In a captive ,ballbon--one v does not
come to earth until the cover is flapped
down on the last page. : Too many of
these stories would; be 'harmful: to .the
nerves of literature, , aa ; too > '< much May
wine 'is liable' 1 to Jdrag'^on" the intellect
with excessive' exhilaration, but : if Mr.
Oppenheim (will fmake 1 solemn" covenant
thatV^The- Betrayal"/ will^not * be } suc
ceeded; bys another' of J Its' kind . for at
least^Hx|montha '.% we ¦ \ not ? accuse
him of ; making the Bt aid muse of let-
Betrayal
of State's Secrets
L. Josephine -Tozier, the author of
"Among^English Inns/. 1 has an eye
for local color" : that ; should stand* her
In arood- stead should she decide to
turn novelist - In this book ' of hers
she ¦ has managed ; to ; catch •[ the very
unctuous oiliness of age and many
stews ; that seasons the '• oak beams of
many" an • ancient • hostelry.* Not only
'does , she ' present ' us a faithful picture
of the* old' Inns with their
ramhling hallways, -their" musty bed
rooms and great, curtained four-post
ers/ but the. aroma* of literary 'associa
tion that clings -round the j most fa
mous of them affords -rich "material
for comment on "the part of the au
t hbr.^M&BKBS&S&HSBEi
At cioveley/ where the writtr and
her friends were installed at The New
Inn; opportunity was given , to ' see' the
"many ¦cenesUhatsgaye^setting to the
early ] life of Charlea \'< Klngsley. The
Old Red; Lion Inn, in the near neigh
borhood, "'_, was I' the birthplace of. that
redoubtable } sailor .^'bf '•_ Kingsley**/ '. Sal^
vatlon^Yeo.;- 'At The Bell Inn at
Tewkesbury'the .travelers^f bund them
selves in the • midst of Miss . Mulock's
THE. LAW OF THE LAJTD— Enunoa
Hough: the Bobbs- Merrill Company, Indlaaap
olis: llluatrftted; price 9150.
DEBONAIRE — William Farqu!s«x P»yaeax
McCIur«, Phillips & Co., N«w York; Illustrated j
rrlce f 1 CO.
BLAZED TRAIL STORrsS— Stawut "Ed
ward White: McClure, PbiUlpa * Co.. Now
Tork: trie* $1 50. . .
1 THE HOUSE OF rULFTLLiTEJn%-O«or»«
Madden Martin: McClurs. PhtUlsa A Co.. X«w
Tork: illustrated: price $1 50.
FALAISB OF THE BLESSED VOICE—
Wnilam Stearns Davis; the Macmlllux Com*
pany, New Tork: Price $1 60.
DR. TOM— John WHUama Str««t«r: th« Mu.
millan Company. New York; prtce 1130.
ELLEN. AND MR. MAN— GouTera«ur Mar
ris: the Century Company, New Tork: UIo»>
trated; price 91 23.
SONNT: A.CHRI3TMA9 QUEST— Ruth Mm.
Enery. Stuart: the Century Company. New
Tork; Illustrated) price 9125.
THE GOOD OF THE WICKED— Owen KH
dare; Baker & Taylor Company. New Tork.
DEACON vI/TBANDER — Sarah McLeaa
Gre«ne: Baker A Taylor Company. NewTorkt
lllU3U-ated.~gMBIMUMMMMMHtanpHHBpMI
OUR CHRISTMAS TIDBS— Theodor* , Led
yard Cuyler; Baker & Taylor Company, New
Tork; illuminated pages. .'
'LEE AND LONGSTREET AT HIGH TTDB
— Helen D. Longstreet; published by the au
thor. Gainesville. Ga.;- Illustrated; price 93 73.
SATAN OF THE MODERN" ; WORX-D-^B.'
Grattan*Doyen: the Broadway FuDllihlns Com
pany, New. Tork.
. THE WINGTOWN PARSON'S LINEN DUS
TER — Isabella Plerpont Hopkins; Eatoa <&
Mains, New York; price 80 cents. .
- ECHOES FROM THE GLEN— William Par*
Carter; the GraTton Pnaa, New York; price
91 SO. JHHMMsiMHMpHBi
UNDERNEATH THB BOW-Omtii . ABaa
Englaml; the Grarton Press, New Tork;
price 91. 'dnEMnHMMBpMsMpBBsid
LTRICS OF CHILDHOOD— Edward May."
hus;h; the Grafton Presa. Xew Tork; price |l.
MAMMY ROSIE— Albert Morris Ba«by; pub
lished by the author. New Tork..
-LITTLE PETER— Captain Marryat; Dana,
Ei*e» & Co.. Boston; price It. >. •-
A'KITTrWAKE OF THE GREAT KILLS—
Charles Frederick Stansbury; the Orartoa
Press, New York: illustrated; pile* 1123.
-TWO IN A ZOO — Curtts Dunham and Oliver
Herford; the Bobbs* Merrill Company. Indlaaao-'
oils: Illustrated.. . . •:
PUSS IN THE . CORNER— Edith Francis
Foster: Dana. Estea & Co.. Boston; Illustrated;
price 75 cents.
101 SALADS— May" : E. JSouthworth; Pmul
Elder & Co., S»n Francisco; price (linen) 50
centa. - . •". ' ' * - ,- , ¦¦ -.*-•: !
101 BEVERAGES — May E. Southworth; Paul
Elder tt Co., San Francisco; price (linen) 50
cents. ' ¦¦ ' • , , .. ¦
DUALITT OF THOUGHT AN© LAX
GUAGE—Emll 8utro; the Physio- Psychlo So
ciety, New Tork.
NewBooRs Received
• * T\ OLAND OF ALTENBURG." by
|Y Edward Mott Woolley, is some
•* *what conventional as to plot
and savoring a v bit* of the typical
cut -and dried novel of the, hour.
It has to do with a European
princeling traveling in America incog
nito—quite a threadbare convention
this— and the scenes shift from our
own _ prosy," ¦ hustling country to the
imaginary principality of the hero in
an , out of the way corner of the old
world. A chance acquaintance with
a beautiful girl. on this side of the
water sets the prince off on a love
quest which has the usual twists and
turns before it leads to a happy goal.
The author has put Into his story sev
eral, inspiriting adventures and the
usHial number of complexities deemed
requisite to the. typical light. novel. It
Is a; light novel, nothing more.
• (Herbert 8. Stone & Co.; Chicago.)
Potpourri
of Season's Reading
Harry Leon Wilson, whose brilliantly
daring novel, "The Seeker," Is provok
ing such wide discussion, was asked the
other day why he had written a book
so much unlike hl3 other successes.
"The Spenders" and "The Uons of the
Lord." He replied. "I wrote The
Seeker* because the story tqld Itself to
me and interested me. It seemed to
me one phase of the much larger story
that underlies the dry outer facts of
our present stage of social evolution
and the n«w and ever-increasing sense
of brotherhood, of human oneness. Our
ideals as expressed in religious and so
cial activities have expanded wonder
fully In twenty-five years. I have tried
to trace this expansion to show how it
affected a small group of people of
widely different temperaments.**
WHEN the seasoned reader picks
up from the holiday bookstand a
, volume which /is blazoned with
color within ' and without and glori
ously ; bedecked, to catch. the
eye of ; the Christmas stopper, a
reasonable doubt as to Its real worth
,as reading matter instinctively '< arises
within him. Occasionally th~ese holiday
books, boxed and colored, are good; as
a rule they are very mediocre. ; Orioto'
Watanna's last story, "The Love of
Azalea," makes no departure from the
rule. , ( • , .
This little lady, who is pleased to
write under a Japanese name and who
has done some very pretty stories ; of
Nippon, has yielded, It Is to be; feared,
to that' barie.df all authors, popularity,
and now.-she'Jis simply <*¦ retilllng'; Yhe
field that ; brought her first successes.
"A Japanese Nightingale" is . a sweet
story, strong In originality; "The Heart
of Hyacinth" is no less a dainty piece
of fiction; but in this latest story Miss
"Watanna has trusted to its atmosphere
toitide over painfully amateurish In
congruities of • plot and : her. trust ) has
failed her. : No ; amount of cherry blos
eom acent : and • lisping pigeon English
can V gloss over crudities in " the tale's
building. ;;' ; • ¦ v cV
U"The Love of Azalea", has to; do with
. the I sudden affection that , sprang ; up
: between ;' a little Japanese girl and the
youthful; missionary of an •Isolated
Christian ; parishi Seeking the ; church
,'of the Christian first through the sordid
promptings , of a desire , for possible
gain, Azalea finds 'that the heart of the
youn g preceptor Is In jhis .work of (cbn
¦ version - to ; a,\ degree quite V acceptable
to Impressionable I girlhood— and .« they
"are ', married/;; So ; far,- the^ story 'carries
a delicate i little ¦ charni ; of its own, born
of the amusing. clash between the girl's
native Instincts arid herjefforts to bend
s her! rellgiousj conceptions to . Christian-'
ity's^teachings; £But at this! point ittie
; plot • takesia] painful turning. £ It seems
that the young minister is forced to "re
turn ; to a the States.'i His 'Japanese ' wife
refuses - to I leave; the '• land \ of •¦ her. na^
insisting Jthat ; her? baby's Veyes
rBhall.flrst be opened on chrysanthemum
; land ; arid [rio i other. ' So r this "scrupulous
"niissionaryj answers '. the call • of \h his'
board arid alone. ' ? e. .
: Of :} course . r persecTitl6risVfoilow. The
girl I ;^hRS^ lost ;C caste by," becoming
¦ and a \ "certain \\ greedy
wooer cqrispires/tb prevent" her hearing
from ~\ the •• husband •-, across the '.I .water.'
i Pride I< arid : C9ristancy -unite ' toi beggar :
the j young \wife arid mother and she'
: becomes)' a 5 . wanderer/" 2 After .; Buffering
all ; sorts : indignities; .^nd ¦; physical
pains, 'Azalea Is j united ; 'once \ more with ;
thV^utlfulxmiBsioriary^Cwho. ; . "returns
,wlthlan!ovirwhelirilng^ Berise" 1 of ' regret
toatihelliadileftjhls^ife'at all. . ; ":
~'» This j consuming [regVet^djpes^not ' serve
toTexcuse^the|clumsyJ plot \ machinery
thatftakei^yo^ri^jhusba^
his'^Twif^lfavirig Wrjtojsuffer th"e pangs
5fjteaternltyjalone| lnfa* hostile ycom*
muidty^ItilslhardftollmaglnaTaiiDisq
"B — Is epoiled by the heartlessness
cf London— which is awful to think of
—the most Godless respectable "thing
thing's not the ' word, but I can't get
it— I mean that world is base and pros
perous and content, not unkind— very
well bred— very unaffected in , manner,
not dissolute— clean in person and rai
ment .and going to church every Sun
day — but in the eyes of the Great Judge
of right and, wrong what rank will
those people have with 'all their fine
manners and spotless characters and
linen? They never feel love, but direct
ly it's born they throttle it and fling
it under. the sewer as poor girls do their
unlawful children — they make up
money marriages and are' content— ,
then the father goes to the House of
Commons or the counting house, the
mother to her balls and visits— the chil
dren lurk upstairs with 'their governess,
and when their turn comes are bought
and sold, and respectable and heartless
as their parents before them."
Thus could we continue to pick from
this correspondence bits reflecting the
very heart and soul of this strong man
of the 'golden ' Victorian age ', of ) letters.
But taken " from ; their setting .: of ; droll
wit, runnirig,commentary or enthusias
tic optimism these quotations lose 1 some
of their." savor. They had best be read
In the setting their author gave;th'em
—the reflection of his own loving heart,
his own just' judgment.
(The Century Company, New York;
Illustrated by some original Thackeray
sketches: ; price ; $1 60.) •
Thackery would not be Thackeray
did he not hold ever at tilt a keen shaft
of satire against "yellow plush"
bery and the affectations of society.
Even in these letters to his intimates
the great man of letters must have a
fling or two at bis favorite scapegoat.
From gay Paris, where he met the in
evitable tourist, both of English and
American breed, Thackeray writes:
"From a twaddling society what can
you have but twaddling? It Is hard
that there should be something nar
rowing about man- or circumstances-
The misdeeds of maids-of-all-work
form no small part of the little conver
sations I hear."
In another Instance he mounts the
pulpit and Inveighs tremendously
against. the clean uncleanness of Lon
don society. Hear him— Thackeray
every bit of it!
of remarkably good presence and fine
manners."
Azalea
and Her Great Love
llsning this book," writes Mr. Cleve
land In a preface, "the fact has not
been overlooked that the push and ac
tivity of our people's life.' lead them
more often to the "ntlcipatlon of new
happenings than to a review of events
which have already become a part of
the nation's history." But the ex-
President is right in believing that be
neath this "there still exists a sedate
and unimpaired interest In the things
that illustrate the design, the traditions
and the power of our Government."
The retrospective view he has given
of four, events of permanent influence
on , the trend of the Nation's affairs,
events of which his hand played a
large part In the molding, certainly
does have large interest to all i that
have an eye to contemporary affairs in
the conduct of the Government, i
Cleveland has chosen for discussion
incidents in »hls administration, 'the,
several developments of; which; had
bearing upon the interpretation ' given
to the powers of the chief executive.
His contest with the Senate over* the
'. of * the executive in the
removal of Federal officers, which had
its inception immediately upon his ac
cession to the Presidential" chair for
the first term, touches upon a matter
now nigh forgotten, but having sig
nificance on the relations between the
two arms of the Government then In
volved. "The Government" In ' the • Chi
cago Strike of 1894" is in the nature of
a vindication of Presidential action In
causing the intervention of; Federal
troops for the enforcement of : decrees
of a Federal court and 1 the: insistence
upon non-lnterf erence , with ; the • malls'.'
The bond issues ' of the j years '84, .'85
and '96 are made the subjects > of well
ordered review by the writer,! with the
purpose of combating the charges
brought against the administration at
the time. Finally the ; bold defense of
the ' Monroe ' doctrine against ; the prei
tensions of ' the Salisbury * Ministry /; in
the Venezuelan boundary question ; , is
given an exhaustive^ summary. ' ' ."•.':
Unfortunately for the reviewer the
nature of all of Mr. Cleveland's articles
save the' last is such ''/as to preclude
extended comment. The province , of
this department of the paper; does not
admit of discussion upon; things \ pof ,
litical, '• and • the contents of 'Cleveland's i
book ;¦ are „ for the most i part (Calculated
to cause division of opinion on partisan
lines.
• Since .the ; style of the ] writing is not
open; to ; Judgment byv political • faith,
however, it* Is > permitted : to""- draw, at
tention to its excellencies. ; As v clean
concise .. narrative, 1 , logically. ; arranged
and forcibly" set "forth, : Mr.": Cleveland's :
prose is * high v rank. .'. In*.'deallng * with
the abstruse . subject of tti»} bond > issues
and -. In detailing ; the his-'
tcry of; the j Venezuelan boundary; dls-]
put©- the * writer -brings t to j his ' task ; all
of - the keen^wit '; of ; r th»y lawyer - In the
matter s of ; orderly^ sequence ; ; and ;' em
phaBis upon salient facts, ! His periodic
sentences,. balanced ; at itirnef ' i with \ the
metric • precialonCof «^av Macaulay;^ have ¦
a . certain/ sonorousffdignity/: V well f; be- '
fltUng/.thei;.thernes3they7.»expourid. , ~?"
Agalri,^ iet'it,. be ffsafd,^ thisTre ' view* by '
.an*-' ex-PjresidentJ|of KactlonH taken v by;
himself Jandjhis^advlsers^du^
crises in'jthe administration "of trie
ernment la - alSyaJ u&bliii feammentary J
-^upon then course 'of certain .'phases In
recent history,* which may be read uh
derstahdirigly 'and with profit "by all.
It may not carry conviction to all be
cause of the partisan character of some
of the issues it embraces. ... ~\
(The Century Company,; New York;
price 51 60.)
(The Library Publishing Company,
Philadelphia; price 25 cents.)
And at the end of the story the fol
lowing item is added:
Sept. 3, 1372.- Married a wife.
Sept. 3, 1855. Sentenced to be hanged.
Oct. 7, 1855. Not hanged.,
June 5, 1866. Went to JalL'
May 1, 1867. Got out of JalL
"Dan Black, Editor and Proprietor"
is the title of a short story by Seymour
Eaton which appeared originally^ In
The Booklovers' Magazine some months
back and is now brought out In boards
as deservedly It should be. Few tales
that come within the limits set for the
short * story outline so completely a
character unique as this. editor of the
Northern Yankee News. His is a per
sonality so, far removed from the con
ventional 'as to be refreshingly enter
taining. In this wise y does Dan Black
head the editorial column of each
weekly Issue:
CALENDAR.
July 4, 1834. Born deformed.
May 6, 1840. Lost one eye.
June 9, 1855. Killed Tom Gulsch.
•"p O take the quarrel 1 of the Mon-
I tagues'and theiCapulets, advance
\ it some centuries* set the story in
bleak Dartmoor, rehabilitate the
shades, of Romeo^ and Juliet in the
fleshly garments of a London poet and
a country lass, introduce a little of
the madness of Ophelia, a dash of Lear
and. close 4 the whole with I the stereo
typed tragic climax , of the poisoned
cup— to do this Eden Phillpotts wrote
his last story, "The Farm of the
Dagger." '
Moss-grown ruins somewhere under
the shadow of a bleak "tor," with gray
wastes stretching from sea to horizon
and a general air of eerie prevading
all; this is the Inspiration of insplra
tio*ns for Mr. Phillpotts. It suggests
a grisly; story. It is ; heavy with dark
significance. It breathes • baleful fumes
of v prophecy such as steam from the
witches' pot on blasted heath. Once
Mn, Phillpotts sniffs thia » fiction
wraith, of .'Dartmoor he is oft again
and soon another story of the downs
swells the 1 list of his writings. .This
last, "The Farm of the Dagger," as in
timated in the foregoing, seems to be
Shakesp v ear.e set to the Dart's proscen
ium. < The plot Isold as the everlasting
hills, only . the files and drops are novel.
; A relentless ) feud • exists between
Farmer Joh£ Newcombe and Farmer
Roger Honeywell, ¦ Farmer Newcombe'a
sweet daughter, Eve. falls desperately
ih'j ldve; with 'Farmer Honeywell's
mooning nephew, Quinton, a" very
young poet. Of course. Farmer New
combe would; rather slay his daugh
ter with " his own hand : than have her
wed ' a Honeywell and < Farmer Honey
well; is confirmed "in a like sanguinary
resolve concerning his nephew. Re
sult ; is ; that the" beautiful Eve is shut
up-behind Iron bars on a diet of bread
and/water and Quinton, the poet,
smuggled -on a ship: bound' for tho
American ; main to ¦ fight Yankees— the
war of " 1812, being" in "progress at^the
time.' Wicked old \ Honeywell! tells Eve
that her lover is dead and she, promptly
attempts .; suicide,}, only ; ( to •' be saved
in body,; but with Reason fled.' Then
this /same! old sly^ Honeywell mourns
with his i nephew i over « the ' lamented
death ; of ; Eve,' reported by- him to ' his
heir, across the" Atlantic,; arid' the lover
tries .i his best; to get' shot. Comes
finally. Farmer " Newcombe K with a
foaming / flagon . of poisoned cider and
both Honeywell . and : Newcombe : leave
the story in spasms. :
'^ This;/ Is; the reason why Dagger
Farm, to-day i a ; biat-haunted ruin in
the' shadow of Bellaf ord • Tor," Is said to
be) a\ ghost 'walk and a : place '.where,
the -. mad"*' are "; heard i to - gibber - in •', the"
dark 'of ' thejmoon." , This- is why Mr.
Phillpotts -wrote ''The f Farm of , the
Dagger.",. .It "will add nothing to ?Mr.
Phillpotts' 4 reputation; '/it* will detract
from' It • nothing. ... This vis Just" 1 , one 'of
those ; neutral 5 books th'at might : better
hot; have;, been /.written,; may 'be,';, but
being .written',- do: no ¦ great harm. 7 -
New York;
illustratedr price $1 50.) "
A Farm /
Under Grim Shadow
:ters giddy with too many heady pota
tions.
A good plot, clever Incident and
swift movement are the elements which
unite to bring Oppenhelm's stories be
yond the mark of mediocrity. .The
writer has the trick of luring the
reader on from chapter to chapter Just
out of sheer curiosity, so telling Is the
denouement set forth in the very last
paragraphs of each. A face pressed at
the window, a, blow struck out of the
darkness, revelation of a plot trembling
on the turn— these are the lures offered
by each succeeding development of the
plot, which set the reader to racing
madly along as fast as the eye can do
the mechanical work *f deciphering
type. Breathless suspension of inter
est by a careful restraint in the narra
tion of the tale works wonders.
"The Betrayal" is shrouded with
mystery, plot and , counterplot. It has
to do with the fortunes of a* young
college graduate who is made secretary
to the committee of national defense
in England at a time when martial
preparations on the part of France
boded war and the whole kingdom was
astew over the fear of invasion. His
post is necessarily one requiring ab
solute integrity and secrecy., So elab
orate are the provisions against the
revelation of their plans by the mem
bers of the committee that even the
combination word of their safe Is never
spoken aloud but scratched on paper
and passed from hand to hand. De
spite all of these barriers, however,
there is a leak and the French secret
service is constantly supplled,with the
hidden maps and campaign plans of
the council's making.
The twrtuous events leading up to the
discovery of the traitor rive opportu
nity for many - a thrill of adventure.
Wrapped about the main thread of the
story Is a sub-plot concerning the
hero's discovery of his father's unfor
tunate; fall from . integrity and the
mastery exerted over him by a daring
adventuress. r There is, of. course, a love
story weaving its way through the
book, but that is rather beside the
mark In comparison with the dynamic
energy of the mystery's narration.
Best of all. though it deals with dra
matic Incident and stirring adventure,
the book has nothing of the cheaply
sensational about it; it would not ap
pear serially In the Flrtslde Compan
ion.
(Dodd, Mead & Co., New York; illus
trated; price $160.
Eion board so dead to all sense of pity
as to refuse the p~lea for stay of exe
cution from the young missionary, had
he asked it. But that exemplary laborer
in the vineyard did not even ask. This
rough cos in the machinery, together
with another which introduces a very
theatrical, very Hall Caine ¦. like Inci
dent for. the conclusion -of (the story,
give Onoto VWatanna's book an unfor
tunate shopmade flavor. One cannot
but j believe that most of his purchase
price Is "expended on the volume's illus
trations . and decoration work — very
artistic and Japanese.
- ' (Dodd, Mead & Col, New York; - il
lustrated by Gazo Foudji; price $2.) V
D. W. HIggins, a pioneer of Cali
fornia and one of the first settlers of
British Columbia, has brought out a
book of short stories and reminiscen
ces dealing with the exciting scenes of
the srold rush which took place In the
Canadian northwest during the late
fifties. Mr. HIggins, who was one of
the original owners of the Morning
Call, in 185S, here in this city, dis
posed of his interests in the paper
two years later and joined the mad
rush to new diggings across the line
There, living the life of pioneer and
miner, Mr. Higgins gained at first
hand the materialjtor this book of his.
"The Mystic Spring." as ha calla it
from the title of the first story. Is a
generous volume of, sketches and fic
tion. Many of the tales, true to the
events they narrate, are stranger than
(William Brlggs, Toronto: illus-
"I get more ashamed and disgusted
of my nostrums daily," writes Thacke
ray from Boston; and again, "But he
(the writer) is growing so mortally sick
of the business that you may hear of
his striking work any day. I have been
paid for these lectures four times as
much money as they honestly .deserve."
This gerund grinding before literary
clubs had, however, itg object dear to
the man who so thoroughly detested it.
¦Whenever he speaks of the "dollars
rolling In" or the "sack heaping up," it
is with an avarice sweetened by the
aim In view. It Is always "for my girls
at home" that this money, gained at
such distasteful effort, came to the
author's pocket. Through all of the
letters there runs a tender allusion to
the writer's family, their needs, and it
Is ever the devotion of the man, to the
doty of supplying these needs that Im
presses itself unconsciously.
"What did Thackeray think of Amer
ica? He has answered that question
before in publlo and private corre
spondence. In these Baxter letters he
reiterates his admiration for America
and the Americans through ¦peciflc
allusions.
"I hope, please God," writes Thacke
ray after his first visit here, "that the
love and friendship I have had in your
family may even go bo far as to do some
public benefit— the remembrance of you
all sanctifies your country In my eyes.
"When people speak here sneerlngly. as
Londoners will talk, I break «ut in
dignantly and tell them how much
good and worth and love and rood
breeding there Is In the country of
which they talk. bo flippantly. And I
pray heaven it may be my chance, as
It will be ray endeavor, to be a peace
maker between us and you and to
speak good will toward you."
Again in reference to the misconcep
tion prevalent in America as • to his
estimate of Washington, revealed In
"The Virginians," Thackeray declares:
"Can't we find any plan of healing
that absurd, 'Mr. Washington* feud? I
feel myself shocked and pained by it
as if some dear friend had turned
round to abuse me; I who for once in
my life kept my own counsel; who have
got to consider youra as my country
almost; who have praised the State* bo
outrageously since I came , home, and
made myself such a violent partisan.
How dare people think I could be
guilty of euch stupid abuse as they at
tribute to me?"
The noted Americans of the times
whom Thackeray met elicit character
istic comment from him. 'Of George
William Curtis' work in "Nile Notes"
he says:
'.The book is capital — too luscious to_
read much of at a time.'.' Dr. Oliver"
Wendell Holmes., whom Thackeray met
in Boston, was "a dear little fellow, a
true poet. I told him," continues the
writer, "how much I liked his verses
and what do you think he did? His eyes
began to water." X3t Mrs.^ Harriet
Beecher Stowe, whom chance' brought
to his acquaintance in London, he says:
"In place of the woman I had Imagined
to mvself after the hideous'daguerreo
type. I found a gentle, almost "prejtty
person, with a .very. great sweetness
in her eyes and smile. ; I am sure she
must be good and truth ' telling from
her face and behavior.' V Franklin
Pierce, \ President elect "¦ during;" Thack
eray's stay . in ' Washington^ February,'*'
1S53, impressed the novelist as "a man;
Thackeray first came to this country
to lecture in 1S52, his course being on
his well-known "English Humorists."
That he was well received, even lion
ized by the. elite, oa this side of the
water these letters bear additional ev»
dtnpe to that of other correspondence.
But this getting of dollars at the ex
pense of comfort, even of self -pride in
some instances, was " thoroughly dis
tasteful to the novelist.
Of all Thackeray's correspondence,
end It 1* voluminous, no part of It is
more a reflection of the inner soul of
the man than this. In these gossipy
epistles, some serious, most of them
gay and brimming with the cheerful
exuberance of the man. the genial
Pendennis has given full sway to his
own intimate thoughts. The whole
some love of the man for his chil
dren, his mother and his friends
stands revealed. His convictions oh
the snobbery of the social world, so
trenchantly delivered in his works,
find place likewise in his communings
with these friends. His opinions on
America, his estimates of contem
poraries, both In literature and state
craft, his own ethical code of right
living — each of these close and per
sonal elements in the life and thought
of the man voice themselves through
his written words. Besides all this
there is given us still more of the in
imitable fooling that characterizes
Thackeray's light correspondence.
Quips turned on a word, or the hold
ing of self up to derisive ridicule by
his correspondents, make whimsical
fun throughout the entire volume of
letters.
ready welcome 'to a volume of
the great writer's correspondence,
hitherto unpublished, which has Just
been brought out by the Century
Company. "Thackeray's Letters to an
American Family" « t is .called. For
years these half a hundred letters,
covering the two visits of the novelist
to America and dating up to the time
of his final Illness, have been> jealous
ly guarded in the family of George
Eaxtrr of Xew York, to the different
members of which they were address
ed. They are now added to the al
ready rich sum of Thackeraylana.
Prefacing the collection is a brief in
troductory note by Miss Lucy D. Bax
ter, to whom many of the letters are
addressed, in which the manner of
the chance mectlnr between Mr. Bax
ter's family and Thackeray is set
forth ar.d a fund of intimate anecdote
concerning the subseauent delightful
friendship between them related.
ALL that cherish an abiding
love for Thackeray, the novel
ist and the man. will give a
"The Life and Adventures of Jack
Philip" is the title of a volume com
piled and written largely by Edgar
Stantbn Maclay as a memorial to the
late admiral. Appearing flr3t in 1903
as a limited edition designed only for
friends and officers In the navy, the
work had such a large reading that the
present edition has been necessitated
to satisfy the demand. Though the
story of Admiral Philip's life is herein
given as nearly as possible in continu
ous narrative form, contributions
thereunto are made by a score of
friends of the former Officer, both in
and out of the, service. Captain Alfred
T. Mahan contributes the introduction.
Philip's own story of the Santiago aea
fight, , now a historical document,
forms a valuable portion of the book,
and the epigraph written by the mar
tyred McKinley gives the volume the
worth of serftlment. It is the story of
a brave man and efficient officer.
(American Tract Society, New York;
Illustrated; price $1 50.)
country; in the bowling green behind
the Inn John Halifax and Phineas
Fletcher had one of their first inti
mate talks. •
(L. C. Page & Co., Boston; illus
trated; price $1.60.)
Unpublished
ThacKeray Letters
THE:;SAN; FRANGISGO VSUNDA^GABU.
FULL TIDE OF FALL BOOKS\ . , ' ' ¦ .' .. : •
by f. hand. , The effect was simply
beautiful, and'the cloak will wear for- ;
; ever, a nd be an heirloom ; af terward'^'r;.
.Women . should be devoutly thankful H
¦ this season f or. the] Oriental stuffs arid;
: under this ; heading,^ come the ; Armen- •
ian and Roumanian embroideries,*: the
¦ Indian < stuffs ; and /' handsome ", Persian ,
trimmings" andithose^curiousj Russian
bands which make such .beautiful belts
and • neck > trimming. •- These : can be :
bought by the yard and used tastefully'
In manj\ways. ;
.; There - is * something i very.' attractive '
• about ; an "Orieritar trimming. <'; It '': is :
da In ty and always in ' good < taste, while '¦¦*
its "colors are so bright 'yet* so charm- -
Jngly • mingled. > Many women^ make It \
a *. ¦¦ pastime : * to '•- ¦ remodel v old : gowns , by "
trimming : them ,with Oriental •>; bands
and i they -use them for . reverse for, hip ; A
end waist yokes; for epaulettes and for I
• girdle 1 ; trimmings. '* And;it: can^be'said "*-,
thaf old : gowns • are., wonderfully resus- \-,
? ."citated; in; that ¦manner.*.: I; •¦ ' .' •'
' For- evening", wear -it^ist best to 'slit .
Uhe : three-quarter^ cloak« on? each side
allow; for the *fullnessiof;theiskirt\
and there are, very; pretty,, street cloaks '¦'
; that ( "areslit ' up*' in .the' same; mariner: " •'
: v ; *A i great * deal Jof fatten tion 'is \being ; >
j paid to the matter of linings and,\whenf.
¦ Miss ; Alice '¦> Roosevelt \ threw '¦% baek s her %¦*
-cloak the other ovening,"; the eyes of the '%
iwomen. traveled toward her. '¦lining.iThe'-V
'< lining? ls;such;a;telltalerof ; the* cloak. >v
Miss;' Roosevelt's vcoat/s^hich • was' a
;; long ? one,-f rather! straights lh| its S lines, : »
;¦ was j lined » throughout turquoise f-i
liberty. It' was ¦% faced^ fromUhe i neck®
want a little border of green passemen
terie and you wjll need a hat with scar
let and green . suggestions. . In this
manner you can secure a very pretty
automobile outfit. . . .
Mrs. George Gould came dashing
dc/wn Fifth avenue last Sunday morn
ing in her automobile driven by her
husband.! Mrs. Gould wunfa long bis
cuit-colored cloak lined with scarlet.
The coat was trimmed with golden
brown satin, embroidered by hand in
two or three shades of brown. Her hat
was a /brown felt, tied over her ears
with a golden brown .veil. Her face
was uncovered. She wore no goggles.
The rain cloaks and! the dust cloaks
are 'really'- remarkably handsome, but
one does not call them stylish. Many
of them though, for that matter, would
adorn a fashion page very 1 beautifully.
There are the most delightful storm
coats which' are waterproof, -yet which
look exactly like silk. They are cut In
-the fashionable shapes and the woman
who goes out ; a great deal would ~ do
well to secure one.
.'A very smart- raincoat -looked- pre
cisely . like white satin. . It .was really
one form of prepared rubber and - it
was warranted , to shed - the ¦ rain • and
the dust and to come out as good as
new after. washicjj. ' Its/ cuffs were
black and its trimmings' were * blue
and black.. . ¦ . • .': . . • ¦
But it is to the afternoon and even
ing coats that one turns with a feeling
of deep affection, for they are so
beautiful, so becoming, so full of
charm. . .. ,._ • ;
The flowered silks make uj> hand
somely, and , If , one : can . secure a'- silk ;
that is not too heavy the" result is bet- :
ter than though the silk were- thick.
The soft figured Oriental silks are the
best in every way if one; can "secure a
quality that '¦¦ is of 'the ! right color arid
weight. And many of the Nouveau Art
cloaks are fashioned of > this * silk. A
lovely cloak i was. made -of .dark brown
silk,« cigar colored. : you would have
called . it, with- roses : and '.violets *; em
broidered on it, in their natural colors.
The cloak was ¦ marvelously ¦. expensive,
for. the works was all done^by- hand..
But the work i certainly open's up pos
sibilities for -the eirl who can em
broider.,
./Embroider Your ; Own Cloak.
\ Suppose one,, were, to take a , leaf,
mold vbrown- satin, ; soft, . heavy/ lus-'
trous, ideal ' In." every J way.*: And'sup- '
pose'oneiwerc to ;: embroider-^ It with
sprays of, small roses tied in^- bunches
with iviolets thrown in. - And suppose
one were^o^scatte^these^over.a cloak.
: Think' how j charming the result 'would
be. • The", cloak .; can ¦• be cut ;;* full * and
made-up before -* the .' embroidery - 7 Is
done,' as ' the ; results are prettier v that
-way/; ~;U ¦¦ . f •: .-; . ¦ . ¦:.. •?•--¦ . : ¦*,< ..¦ .
A' society. woman of New York took
enough fdeep .blue Isatin . for a' loose
three-quarter, cloak •; and;, made . : IVZ up
wJthg' big -open 'sleeves and a plaited ;
; back. ;-:She then^had ; it stamped- with
email roses," afterward ". working .them "
BY AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
THE Dowager Duchess of Man
chester wears a semi-long cloak,
which she calls an Art Nouveau.
Sarah Bernhardt wears a long
cloak which she calls her Art
TCouveau cloak. And three society
women of New York are wearing coats
of this same description.
AH things point to the artistic new
cloak as the fashionable garment of the
winter— the Art Nouveau.
, This cloak come3 in various styles
and one can cet it short, with flying
fronts, or one can get it long and dou
ble-breasted, effectually concealing the
sown underneath.
There are many things about the
new cloak which are very much in its
favor, one being that it can be made
to hide the gown. If one has no dress,
to wear, nothing that will pass muster
In a fine assembly, one can put on an
Art Nouveau cloak and be always cor
rect. •
It Is woman's duty to herself and to
her. family and to the World to invest
this- season in one of the new long
cloaks. It need not be of the ugly
three-quarter variety, which requires
an angelic figure, nor need it be one
-of those heavy things that Beem to
swallow you up In its depths. Nor
should it be an ulster or anything of
that nature. The ulster and its near
cousins are all very well for rain coats
and for auto coats and for utility wear,
but you want a . pretty cloak for nice
days/. •
"Your new cloak should be cut in the
new way, rather long:, rather straight,
rather ; trimmed in the front and with
the back looking as though it were
box plaited at the shoulders.
Or If can have . Japanese tendencies
and hang very much like a kimona
cloak. You can take your choice, for
both of these styles are very becoming.
But of one thing be very certain.
Your, hew ; cloak • must be of the very
best material. It must be handsome in
pattern and it 'should be so abundantly
trimmed that It* will be a picture In
Itself, even without counting the grace*
and beauty of the wearer. And that is
what constitutes an Art Nouveau. ' *
The old-fashioned automobile; cloaks
were not pretty. But the, new ones are
lovely. Made of handsome cloth, some
times beautifully: figured and ;. supplied
with' from ' one to three deep collars.
an<3 shoulder capes,' they are things of
much grace. SS0&m2E&&tBKP&t&&
Then, too, the trimming of , the new
fashioned automobile cloak Is some
thing not to be forgotten: The front is.
faced and trimmed with a deep band
of brocaded satin, one of ; the durable
qualities that wIJi stand the dust of
the road. Alongside the band ' of satin
there Is a trimming of passementerie;
Coats for Dust and llain.
.-. AH.: the coats are distinguished by
their nice trimming'. ' Even , the 'storm
coat . le i trimmed and _ there, is a hand
some collar ¦ and . there , are deep satin
cuffs. And running ( through the • trim
mings are dashes of color.
If . you - select . your own auto' cloak
why not choosy * shade of,- tan and
trim It with trirr;n:in£fc through which
there; is a* note' of- scarlet. You will'.
The new art cloaks are won
derful thiiurs. fashioned of hand
some material and specially de
signed to ishotv the grown under
neath. Bewitching gowns that
are displayed as the Ion? cloak
flies open. Pretty and fashion
able things for the woman of
winter to wear.
Drown, the new brown. It Is a gor
geous' tint which looks- almbst red.
'This gown wasmade up- with . a little
fancy_ Eton, effect cut out in a vague
way and edged 'with "narrow/ruffling.
The skirt was ruffled' and so were the
sleeves; But * the odd ¦ part consisted
in' the medallions of suede, in a shade
of tan and in the middle'of each suede
medallion there was a little rosette;of
. lace with Jan'' embroidered . pansy 'set
in the; center. *
- Suede is cut out ? in. eyelet work.
, looking like -English"; eyelet embroid
ery, : and ¦• these " bands are used upon
skirts at? the; head of 'flounces and as
. a* border to Armenian and other kinds
of \ embroidery. But > more '; often one
sees! these bands of cut out suede used
as a ; heading for the x most beautiful
Bands «of; fine ; lace, insertion. Truly a
-meeting . of extremes^— leather " and
lacer . " ' >" ./.j
Abundance of Trimmlnss.
: The making of a cloak is much sim
plified "this winter, by. the" abundance
of 'handsome trimmings : that are
f ered: 'Take, for ' Instance, the" lovely
medallions can; be bought They
come in \all , sizes, up to the: bigness of
your * hand. ' And I these ". can be taken
¦ arid s applied to a cloak in ¦ most fetch
ing ways. BS9BMB ' ' •
• "And;;speakingr(of .prices. .how. much :
-one can { do .with «.\very \ little .' money !
. Theotherjdayja woman i.with , a dollar
,to sperid'bn lace garnitures weni forth
in despair..' But after she had shopped
awhile. she found that; she could buy
_ lace'.; medallions, ''bothl " circles and
I squares," larger than ' a* silver dollar In
very- pretty ; patterns, ; in : either tan
eye to tne harmonies of dress. If sha
will- consider its requirements sh4
must realize how and why. when and
where the gown Is to be worn.
An excellent example of this was af
forded recently by a woman who went
into a fashionable dressmaking estab
lishment to purchase a gown. "I want
a dress," said she, "to wear with a
long cloak. My cloak is made of black
broadcloth, with a box plaited back.
It Is three-quarter length, is trimmed
with silk cords, silk fringe and silk
tassels. It opens down the front and
is always worn open."
"Then," said the modiste, "I would
suggest a. gown trimmed down the
front with a bodice with a vest -effect.
As the coat flies open this handsome
front trimming will be very effective."
So she made a gown with a ruffled
lace vest, .the lace ruffles all escaping
down the front of the vest, each ruffle
trimmed with a little colored silk em
broidery, and the skirt was made with
a marvelous scroll work of silk shir-,
rings, with handsome velvet rosettes
set in the middle of the shlrrings. .
Around the foot of the, skirt there was ,
a handsome flounce with silk shlrrings
and rosettes. "With a three-quarter
cloak this gown was charming., -
Match Your Cloak to Your Gown.
It Is not always that a woman can
match her cloak to her gown,' but she
can very often do- so. Even when they
do not match In color and in material
they can be made to harmonize in
other ways. The cloak can be.cutxso
as to, show off the trimmings* on the
gown or it can be trimmed with the
same kind of .lace or, perhaps,' with
fringe .to correspond.
So much depends upon this preser
vation of the harmonies that : a woman
is wise who thinks first of harmony and
afterward of color and material. It
takes only a touch, Just -the. slightest
thing, to bring the two Into. keeping
with each .other. '" \
The conscientious fashion writer Is
called upon these days to give advice,
and,- like the doctor, the clergyman, the
lawyer and all other professional ad
visers/she must do the best she can
by those .who make inquiries.
To the otflce of a well known fashion
magazine there traveled .the, other .day
a letter from a reader asking how she
could purchase handsome trimmings at
a low. price. "I 'am anxious," said the
writer, "to be well dressed.- But I find
the materials so very expensive..- A sin
gle yard of passementerie costs upward
cf 510 and a handsome .yard of. lace
costs anything you want to pay for it.
How,-then» Is a woman, of _ economical
tendencies going to manage- -to "look*
well ; and 4 be suitably dressed?"
To this question there are many re
plies. But the most rational suggestion
of them all would be. to choose cheaper
trimmings. And there are cheaper
ones which look very well Indeed.
Cordings. of the.; shirred variety can
be mentioned as one. form of a cheap
pretty trimming. With a yard of white
satin cut on the bias. one can make a
great quantity of shirred cording Let
the cords vary in size.; and ,us« them
h: dlfTerentiways on the skirt. -
A woman .who is noted for her taste
.in dress .obtained a.; really handsome
effect by .taking two yards of celery
green satin, which she cut into narrow
strips and -used for. shirred cordings.
One very. large cord headed the deep
flounce on her skirt. A smaller cord-
Ing ; outlined a band of lace insertion
and stiirmore cordings trimmed the
waist. .The result was remarkably
pretty and cost comparatively little.
Fold" trimmings are inexpensive and
very pretty and there Is such a variety
of .folds that one need not fear, monot
ony. ; There are all kinds of folds from
the tiny fold. which is called a piping
to the wide fold which is box plaited
and; stitched around the skirt as a
trimming. One can get r up • some re
markably handsome trimmings in this
-manner.
It is to be the ; style this winter to
wear things that harmonize. Last win
ter they wore things that actually
matched. But this year it Is more a
search for harmony. The - pinks and
tans and peach colors are in the lead
for evening effects, with turquoise blue
coming closely after.
Leather Is worn a great deal for
evening and there are glimpses of.lt
seen in .the yoke trimmings combined
with. lace. Think of leather and lace!
Yet you see them used together in
handsome 'Paris gowns every day.
One - of the most exquisite dresses
of fall was in a wonderful shade of
Exquisite stuffs are bought and ruth
lessly, cut up for evening, wear." One of
.the most popular, of evening cloaks is
made out of , a mandarin's robe. ; If
you ¦ have a friend | going to the Philip
pines give him a* commission to bring
back the robe of a mandarin. He can
buy It there for a song compared to the
price In this country.
The mandarin robes are worn almost
without alteration. It would surprise
jrou to see how little they are changed
after, they are bought from the man
darin and presented to my lady. There
is very little shaping done and the robe
Is slightly fitted to the shoulders. - It
Is cut right length or turned up so that
It hangs even with the floor, and that
Is all. The modistes insist that the
proper length is Just about a. three
quarter, not floor length, though a great
many people persist in wearing the
cloaks so long they drag. \
Perhaps the handsomest gartnents
are made from smooth faced cloth,
¦which comes in the softest and dain
tiest of colors, and there are the gentle
tones In coffee tints and in all the burnt
shades. And there are all the soft or
chid .and shell pinks. One can get al
most any pale shade one wants and can
absolutely, match a hat, a feather, a
neck ruffle or any other article of ap
parel. • ¦
It Is very chic to purchase a cloak
that matches the feather on your hat
or to buy a* feather to match- your
cloak. You now feel as though you had
begun to fit yourself out with good
taste. ¦ •'
to the . belt with a wide band of . Per
sian 'in many 'colors. Little embroid
ered butterflies were scattered over the
lining, throughout. ,
The Coat of a Mandarin.
A woman wrote to a friend in Paris
to ascertain the fashionable shades,
and .this was her reply: ""Wear ash
gray, Havana brown and smoke blue.
Sometimes wear gunpowder blue and
celery green or spinach green. Rosa,
heliotrope, orchid pink and blotting
paper pink are seen a great deal and
champagne yellow,. Ivory whits and
pearl gray are worn by the best dressed
people in town. Don't forget that seal
skin brown Is very smart and that
chamois yellow and raspberry red are
also worn, as are mink brown, mignon
ette green end pansy purple. Opal yel
low Is for evening wear, lemon yellow
for dinner -and evening and turquolsa
blue for day or night."
The woman who wants to dress well,
and there are few women who do not,
will accomplish her purpose a great
<J*al more certainly if she a%11 hav» an
color, cream or white, all for the sum
of 8 cents. For 5 cents she could buy
some very pretty medalHons of a
slightly smaller size. ISo/wvwith gar
nitures-as cheap as this, it does not
look as though a woman need go
without trimmings.
Fringes are to be worn in remark
ably pretty ways. A white felt turban,
rolling up all the way around, was
trimmed with white silk fringe. The
cloak was trimmed with fringe, which
fell around the collar, and the skirt was
trimmed with 'a wide flounce, which
was headed' with a looping of the
r A S Quaint and pretty costume twgan
with a white rough felt hat. soft as
velvet and almost shaggy in its depth.
Its only trimming was a i beaded trim
ming which extended around the
Loops of black beads were caught all
the way around the brim and fastened
here and there *Ath Jet buckles. Of
course, the coat and the skirt were
trimmed with yards of dangling jet
strings. .'; • ' '
The fad for dressing in black and
white has crept in and It seems in
strange contrast to the brilliancy of
the Oriental trimmings and very restful
to the eye at the same time.
Wonderful Oriental trimmings, so gay
that they are almost barbarian in their
splendor, are worn one day and the
next there is a gown which shows no
colors .exceDt black and white. Jets,
passementeries, white lace and black
broadcloth make the ingredients for a
handsome gown.
The black and white gowri. called the
magpie, is fashionable Just for the
moment in New York, while in Paris
they are wearing turquoise and black
and turquoise and white. And in Lon
don they are wearing pink and black,
and the pink is the shade known as
blotting paper pink. It is a very soft,
pretty color, Just the thing to combine
with black or with white.
Wear These Fashionable Colors.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY
THE ART NOVEAU CLOAK. . The most- important , headland in ? the
world \ is ! Cape ;. Race.S the : southeastern
extremity of ; Newfoundland. x ' It : has
also - a most • unenviable 'notoriety. t
Some ., of ; the /most terrible tragedies
in ! marine annals' have occurred on \ this
rugged,' dangerous foreshore. -'An official
chart 'shows ) the?^ disasters* there .during
the Jpast i forty '-years;'}.:.^ Together ;with
some not inscribed;thereon;they^repre
sent *a^ total .¦; of z ninety-four, complete
.wfe^ksto^iocean-gbin^Iyeas^ls^team-.
¦era"* and -rsallqrs-^lnvolylngr ''a < loss /of
about i two ;¦ thousand lives/ and $30,000, -
OOOjihthulla, and , cargoes.' : Ships which
Stranded "and afterward escaped/ire ; not
Jjftcluded.;! Last year/ alone ! eight 'steam
: and/;, two t sailing. Vvessels jcameVtb; grief
•thetew r thirty- five : persons .peflshed,^ and
a^ c'prbpcrtyi •loss .f of j. J2.OOO.QpO was ; ln
volved.t- T ' > '.MV 1 ¦?•:".'?.?*»"¦¦-"'¦:¦< :' i ¦>''¦ •; '¦ • ¦<:¦
'' An .
Ocean
Graveya^d
the nation generally. There were sev
eral other 'things which he declared
he had been chosen to do, but we'for
get what they were at this particular
moment. D. Webster wasn't shy on
specific remedies either, which he in
tended to apply when he should .'be
boosted into power. He informed the
voters of the commonwealth that, if
they would present ; him with a four
years' lease of the big house "on the"
hill rent free he would make the rail
roads, insurance companies and other
impudent concerns which Insisted' on ;
paying dividends and objecting tobe'
lng taxed more . than private citizens -
come Into his presence on bended knee. '¦>
There , would be no leniency shown to
such miserable sinners when- he ; was>
It V; / /. ; •;;' ..,¦.¦¦;¦¦¦¦;-¦¦.¦. €
Furthermore, p. Webster assured
the open mouthed— and presumably,
open minded— populace that he had a
sure tip on the source of legislative/
executive and judicial iniquity and that
when he' got through with it there
wouldn't be a ' holej^ in the ' State deep
enough ' to hide' those who now fat
tened at the publlc'crlb.' i: .-..-;•-'¦ \
¦ Ellher the source of the aforesaldiln
iqulty would be dammed or he would;
This kind^ of talk \ handed : out to^the
ge'neral public In targe . bunches, rsup
plemented by an occasional* magazine
article Jtist to make an
on" the upper crust,; began' to ; have] an
: effect . after; a while. People 5began Ho
wonder If 'he were. not\at> least, half,
as ; good; as he said' he > was-, -and" 'when
. people begin to think ; that f: they are
. usually looking around for fan*: office -to
fit 'the object of j;*thelr f n|editati6^S^
That's; another queer thing Laboiit* 'our'
political game; as soon as ,a f maniVetJ8°
a reputation for^^ unusual \\i4rtue^ we iin-
': mediately set to worlt to hoist him into
some office or oth'er* where he can't
possibly hang on tp h!s hard-earned'
reputation for, more than fifteen . or
twenty, minutes.
'About the: time that the hoi.polloi
cairie to the conclusion. that there must;
be' something In what D. Webster, was
'telling them there happened to be a
vacancy' in .the throne room ot the : ex
\. ecutive ; mansion " and some / one sug
gested ' that* D.'; Webster's braiii be
measured for the unemployed crown.
The .process • is what Is commonly ¦¦
..known as'the exercise of the sovereign
jWill of the people,. but it grieves us to^
-state that 'about 'all', that the people had ;
to fdb" with 'it : .was' to carry : a torch in
the ; procession , and vote "right" when
the 'time came. The heavy work was
attended to ' by 1 sundry . gentlemen • who
sat in a secluded chamber doing vari
ous stunts in* simple addition and ex
perimenting'with a. new -kind of dou
ble-ended campaign pledge with a se
cret exit at the 'rear.
¦ : D. . Webster suspected that there was
something crooked about the. business,
but he reflected that life is a com
promise—when it Isn't : a 'surrender —
and that sometimes it -Is necessary to
stoop to conquer." This seemed to him
to be one v of the -times. .After he was
firmly planted in the executive -saddle
he could bid a fondadieu to those who
had given him a . leg tip. ; At any rate,
he was sure that he was a much better
mjanthan any one^ else they could, have
found " arid. . fortified 'by ; that . soothing
reflection,; he took -his oathHo support
the : constitution and not to "suspend \\ the
bylaws ' any ;of tener . than' public] policy
seemed to demand. .There were several
other/ things \ which ' he -was ¦ under obll
gaticrnVto support,* but \ he didn't .men
tion those at the] time.' ;/ •
The first move' that D. Webster, made
after he ; hud ; landed ') the mustard was
to fgb". after! the : railroads for ; the ' back
taxes .which hta i predecessor, had over-'
looked. V. It looked '¦. like an" easy 5 game;
but'; the j next day •¦ he : discovered - that
each i road 1 was}' the '-• mainstay^ • of more
wldcrwsithan'heihad ever dreamed. ex-"
Isted and v that' If • the j taxes 'were paid
said ', bereaved .would have^tb" go , hungry
and [homeless.; : Th'at\ being': the : case he
concluded 1 that] he had * better try ¦ some
other i. way :' of } increasing ; the , revenues
of ¦ .the % State, 4 insisting; however",;that
he : was \ still ? the Jonly 5 honest -Governor
lii |the ;i business.' '<¦• The * insurance :{com
panies looked like easy,' money V till - he
discovered ;• that ; he 'owed his 1 election to
a .promise .which ; _ his f had
made • to ¦ the big t ones '. in ? the • fire-bug
business "that the .'. status quo ante
"would :; hot be ; disturbed.^ "Aboiit '- this
time D. Webster ;began to have a'suV
picion that he was going to lose his
ante if he didn't look sharp. Being
good .-; and holding . office at the same
time didn't appear to. be such a simple
proposition as when he had regarded
it from the outside. ¦
¦ At any. rate he assured his conscience
he would never submit to having pub
lic office made anything Other than a
public trust. : He believed this for near
ly a week, when his State chairman in
formed him that the thing for, him to
do was to ' bust the trust and appoint
Billy McCann trustee of the State uni
versity. .Billy McCann's chief claim to
glory- and a lien on the . State treasury
lay> in the fact that he owned a brew
ery and fifty saloons and could de
liver "the Mack vote without a hitch
in' the rollcall. Again D. Webster rec
ognized the inevitable at .sight and
succumbed, still cherishing in his heart
the theory that he was so far superior
to other men; that he was -worth the
money whether he Jugged all the ras
cals • or not. Merely to have a • truly
good man in ofnee is uplifting, whether
he works at his trade or • not.
In addition • to swallowing * most \ of
the promises he had made to the great
but r exceedingly common' people befbro
electlon-^-ands keeping- . those ha had
maderto ; the j still 'greater but uncom
mon powers \ behind^' the throne— he
began* to hustle .'around*' to* make sure
that he "wouldn't be! but of ajo"b .'when
the 'next; election* was over.* : This" time
he , didn't - wait " for .the to
ask r him 'fort' promises;" ; he 1 ; had 'them
all typewritten r and 'ready to* 1 be*'de
llvered.(-The\ next electton- passed and
p. . Webster still "adorned 'the "executive
mansion" and jever and anon broke forth
with -his sweet song about the dearth
of honesty ' in public ¦ llf e. * L He ought to'
know. .His ''^secret'; -conclusion Is .that
it is easy ; to be good , as long as there
is .no; temptation ; to be otherwise, and
that he who stoops .to conquer, Is likely
to i be Ground " all' the rest of
hls ; 1Ife. ¦'¦' ¦ '¦'¦"¦¦-.' * ' ' ' ' ' * '
; {(Copyright/ 1904, by Albert Brltt.) '
BE good and you'll be happy. If
that simple statement were only
true what a cinch living # would
" be! Very few of us ' have • any
rooted and 'grounded objection to :be
bi&vinff ourselves, most of the , time at
least, -but we don't seem to be able to
keep out of jail and have a good time
simultaneously. That is the reason for
the poet's remark that a "little jug
ging now and then is relished by the
best of men." Another .; reason why it
Is not as easy to be good as the Sunday
school books try to make us believe
Is that so few people recognize the
symptoms. Apparently the world Is
too wicked to know virtue .when it
meets it on the - street and usually
thinks that it Is some new kind of sin
in disguise.
, All of the above wise remarks were
Intended only as a prelude to a thrill
ing account of the tragic career of that
seeker after righteousness, D. Webster
VeribesL D. Webster wasn't a poli
tician; he was a reformer. That is to
say, he was a statesman who couldn't
get any one to agree with him. If the
reformers ever get any one to believe
what they say • they will be the most
disappointed people on earth. Half
the fun of being a slmon pure reformer
ia in standing " on the sidewalk • and
chocking brickbats at the men in the
procession. But n -; as ". we- attempted
to say before D. Webster Verlbest be
gan his : political 'career as a" reformer.
What we wanted; he would say, was
more honesty - in public . iifel 'it might
have been pointed" out to him; that that
valuable commodity was always more
or less desirable ) even ; t in private life,
but it never does any^good.to tell any
thing to a reformer. " That's ' what
makes them 'so useful— to their enemies.*
Of course D. ; W*ebster (was aware of
the fact that his destiny was to cleanse
the i; Augean ' stables, to "strangle - the
hydra of ' corruption,*-, to beat ; back the
hosts ¦; of political j darkness to their
abode in • primeval chaos and ; to ; save
She la supposed to be a. good woman,
and she. is, as far as morality.consti
tutes goodness, but she is devilish all
the same. The courts will not free him,
he ' cannot harness her tongue and he
cannot kill her, and yet. goodness
knows, there are scores of men? -.who/
will agree with me that such murders-'
ought to be legalized. . \ :
' i] KATE THYSON MARK.
A man wedded to such a woman Is
positively pitiable. He la perforca a
coward, or rather he la so completely
at her mercy that he beara silently
in the hope of avoiding scenes, and
will neglect his friends that he may
protect them from being subjected to
her wanton malice, or being witnesses
of his humiliation. ' ' . ;.- "
If women who select street cars,
shops, railroad trains, street corners,
dining cafes and theaters as the scenes
for making a public exhibition of fiend
ish temper, and for ventilation of do
mestic broils, realized how revolting a
spectacle they present, and could hear
the comments of enforced hearers, they
would cultivate sufficient self-control
to keep In reserve such quantities as
would be guaranteed to last until at
least the privacy of homo .was. reached.
One fiendish woman can spoil the
pleasure of any party whether it num
bers & or. 600, and the aggravating part
is that she la so self-satisfied and
thinks herself not only justified,-- but
also . perfectly right, if not actually
clever. tanataflMHnSBBHV 1
Now this is all very well as an ap
petiser, but when administered as
steady diet the average man* finds hia
mental digestion shy on tackling a
continued feast of tabasco. He can
not cope with the feverish pitch ex
acted in return, and it palls on his
taste with appalling effect, j
The fiendish woman is not sane. *"*
The everyday happenings are seen
through distorted lens. !
In the trifles emanating from kind
ness extended her, she sees only a
covert insinuation or suggestion call
ing for. resentment on her part. She
has allowed her, mind to dwell so per
sistently on real or \ fancied wrongs
that both. mind and heart are warped
by the contemplation.
; ' Many men tolerate such women
through' abject' cowardice-
Morally such women are, generally
speaking. - good, because they are too
disagreeable for any one to tempt
them on to be anything else. What man
could approach such a one with either
goodz>r evil intent? He pities the poor
devil who has to bear with her, but
"she is perfectly safe as far as others
are concerned. »
a complacent sort of smile, she must
love me like a prairie fire In a fifty
mile gale or she" would not care, and
forthwith he snuggles into this mantle
of self-complacency with a real com
fortable feeling that only a warm, re
freshing devotion could radiate such
fervid caloric. V. " , v. -
.. If a woman is so tormented by her
jealous Imaginings in the one regard,
and is so morbidly- selfish as to wish
to deprive '.a '-man ..of .every pleasure In
whlch?she cannot share: on the other,
then for the sake of each all associa
tion • should be peremptorily i broken,
otherwise both the man and the wom
an retrograde.
Unfortunately, the first ebullition of
this fiendish. development in a woman
tickles a man's'vanity. He- thinks with
loud, either, by exhilaration and good
-nature or ; through a quarrelsome pro
pensity, simply frightens him into
nervous obsession/ ; -. —
A.man'can face a cannon, an earth
\quake, a > fire;; a; runaway or a camera
I fiend and keep hi s nerve, but conf ront
'i ed.by the fiendish woman bent on mak
ing a scene,- he^r'elapBesTm to ah abject,
"shivering coward, possessed by the one
desire to run and; never stop.
;. A 'man.; who ; * bears with p a woman
given', to. scene "enactments has much
of: the Cherubim* or the fool, in- hia
: composition." from | the > fact that , such
-a woman; has.no pride restraining her
¦'and understands no. deference due to
time, place or. circumstance. ¦ ~ •.
' .¦¦.': 'A , woman whopleads In extenuation
that ? she loves a man so entirely that
the thought of him noticing any other
woman or the fact of his absence fills
, her; with such' \ anxiety, as fairly mad
dens her j offers a very paltry, apology
for the humiliation her unreasonable
actions occasion. . .
W r ERE I a man. under no dr
-cumstances would I escort a
woman, whether mother, wife,
sister or sweetheart, who did
rot -make a good appearance and con
duct herself at all times as a lady
ehould.
'The question of a good appearance,
which is simply one of being gowned
according to one's condition of life and
suitable to the occasion, is not a mat
ter of expenditure, but of taste and
Judgment in the selection of such col
ors or combination of colors as are be
coming to the wearer.
A. woman may be gowned very in
expensively and yet carry herself with
the air of one to the manner born.
A woman's gowns should be sub
junctive to and an exponent of her
personality and not take precedence
of the woman herself. In other words,
¦ne should Ese the woman rather than
the gown.
A man is always proud of a com
panion whom his friends notice and
compliment and would Infinitely prefer
that she should be remarked as a
charming woman than as one magnifi
cently gowned.
When a woman is well groomed the
next consideration is that she should
and degrades a woman. '
. Strange to say; women are star, per
t formers . in • . these ¦* dual - scenes, :¦' and*> a
woman possessed of fiendish' proclivities
always selects v ;the/. most? conspicuous
places to make her, spectacular, display. '
- .In this rapid 'era/ when, lt'lsv no iunf
common Bight to seg women. drink glass
.. for.fi ' glass X> of >s wixte,^1tquor».'cfir < mixed '
{drinks .with /imale, companions, x ft» is ; an ;
.'interesting^ study, to - note the . effect on
various .women.- Few.can stand theln
sldious Influence, and when one can she
is simply delight for, her, com
panion, fit - a\ woman has anything • of
the < fiend in i her - makeup | a . few; drinks
will | quickly '.bring '{ It ¦ to ' the j surface,
when she will become reminiscent and;
exploit all the old | scores she has ac
cumulated "for',' months against her es
cort, until her. face becomes purple with
rage and she forgets all the self-respect'
¦ or, good breeding that should guard her;
against such" exhibitions. When a wom
an knows .that, wine has this effect'
upon her/ for, her, own sake she should
let It severely aldne. -' . / ;
: A cultivated and refined man always
fears a first entertainment with a wom
an. He wonders how she will dress,,'
how she will conduct herself, how, wine
will affect her,, and will feel his way
very cautiously in a private little en
tertainment before he braveg the, un
certainties of a large public ¦ function.
A man really likes a woman who can
share his libations and keep a level:
head, but the' woman who becomes
If a woman could be made to realize
the horror that permeates a man's soul
toward one who figures in scenes, she
would curb her disposition in that re
gard. } ' . . .'
Very- often no reason exists' for the
abusive tirade that mortifies a man
lords of creation would be vastly bene
fited by a little strenuous disciplining
and society might -be improved by the
vigorously enforced j change of heart,
but the woman who fancies that she
is teaching a husband or sweetheart
a much-needed leeson.-,byj making such
a brutal and revolting "exhibition of
herself. rather., labels .herself .with"; a
trademark /of fiendish tendencies t and
would seem to justify, a man in his de
sertion^ or." neglect". Of, her.. A woman
who -will', carry tier presentment this far
will naturally have Indulged in a thou
sand and one petty spites . leading up
to it, which have driven a man to seek
companionship : elsewhere. . ,"'
It is no uncommon sight in the large
and fashionable cafes of New York to
see a woman quarreling viciously with
her escort, and often, if one can catch
the words, they will find that the man
is making every effort to conciliate a
jealous fiend, who couldn't be happy if
she were ' the 'only Eve and had the
whole run of paradise.
¦ Men at other tables, and within hear
ing distance, bet drinks that such and
such. couples are married, and say that
they can readily spot the. bachelors
and benedicts when dining out. '
,The fiendish' woman' finds , a, per/ect
delight in making, herself , conspicuous
and is bent on doingr' something dls-.
agreeable . that concentrates all eyes
upon her. and mortifies her escort. Such
a one should be kept hermetically
sealed. .
Many a woman, no matter what a
man may do in" his -desire .'-'to
please her, simply will not be
pleased, and will nag until all en
joyment either for herself or ; others
Is put out of the question. She re
solves from the qnset that the only
way to manage a husband is to keep
him in deadly fear of her. She scru
pulously regards it a matter of con
science to make a scene whenever and
wherever chance affords . an opening,
and no sense of delicacy or self-respect
restrains her.
It is no' wonder then that men unfor
tunately mated,- or rather misniated,
seek companionship elsewhere.
I have no sympathy with the woman
who starts out to redress her wrongs
with a rawhide or an acid' bottle and
cannot understand the sympathy, that
such women arouse. .There, can be no
doubt that a large percentage of our
A striking looking woman, well
gowned and carrying herself well, will
always be noticed, is a compli
ment to her personality,; but to* be no
ticed because of any effort on her part
detracts from her. personality.. . "¦¦>.
avoi-3 any mannerisms calculated to at
tract unfavorable attention.
KATE THYSON MARR ON "THE FIENDISH WOMAN"
PRIMITIVE man dug holes In the
earth, being too dopey to build
skyscrapers, and boys of every
generation eince that epoch have
burrowed under the crust in or
der to succeed as smuggler chiefs and
bandit kings. Mudville, I1L, harbored a
bold and hardy race of cave dwellers,
wfeose repertoire had about petered out
when th« Mudville Mining and Manu
ftctarlnt Company rot busy on a flat
•tretch of prairie near the village.
That concern eunk a mine shaft and
took oat fire day and coal whloh blend
ed In t&» harmonious production of
brick, pottery and drain tile. The black
sack* could be seen for miles, and it
painted fresh ambitions in budding
r w<r>^»- At the age of IX I promoted
two wildcat mining deals, the first of
which proved a boomerang. The sec
ond assayed one mild mannered cow be
longing to a widow, and a series of
short school vacations on which I could
draw at Eight. Moreover, the stock
holders in my company declared them
selves in on the dividend, and an era
of prosperity struck the town.
The amateur mining craze first broke
out in our own back yard. There was
nothing to it, I thought, but .a neat lit
tle coal business at home, and perhaps
a pottery on the side. When the idea
blossomed, I spoke to my younger
brother. Bill, about It.
A Natural-Bora Promoter. '
"What's the use of digging where
there ain't no coal?" inquired the prac
tical BilL -;
That is where the nromoter gets up
against it always. The trouble with
Bill was he lacked imagination. Why
filled in the shaft without pausing for
breath,- and. took the oath of secrecy
on a tin. dagger above the unmarked
grave of that careless but worthy bo-
Jlystery of the Cavr.
Of course the -widow missed the cow.
and a lot of dlligfent, self-sacrificing
boys were willing. to give up their
studies and help the widow's sons seek
.that which was lost. The board of dl
. rectors,- to a boy, responded nobly, and
for . weeks parents wrote excuses to
teachers on behalf of the cow. Singly
and iff groups the reformed coal diggers
spent whole days in the bosky dells
and sylvan glades adjacent to Mudville.
carrying popguns, lunch and angle
worm* In tireless search, but so far
' as I know the- cow was never found.
At the same time, the mishap at the
mine thwarted my career as a mining
promoter, and I'm glad of it. The love of
fishing acquired and fostered during the
futile probing of the Mudville Cow
Mystery Is now the one solace of my
declining years. I had rather fish and
.lie. than be rich. One day. perhaps, in
future ages, excavators will come upon
the skull -and bones of a prehistoric
Mudville cow burled sixteen feet under
ground. Should this narrative be pre
served. It may aid the archaeologist.
Next week the dope deals with being
stage-struck and learning a trade at
Mudville.
(Copyright, 1904, by Charles Drydea.)
'.Whilef the. daredevil Marsh was be
low -the- stock company 'withdrew to a
vacant lot across the alley.? Hefapplied
the match tind climbed the ladder, the
rungs of which were bits' of . lath, se
curely spiked to the uprights with
tacks' and second-hand shingle nails.
Just as the head of the intrepid Sloats
poked out of - the hole the rung : on
which his fat feet rested broke off.
The fall jerked loose the slat in his
grip, and down he went with an awful
burring sound, clutching at every, rung
from top to ; bottom. ¦ /.
Silence more appalling than sound
followed the thud when Marsh hit-bot
tom; then came an anguished shriek of
terror and jj calls for help. The shaft
erupted the agony of young Sloats en
tombed with the blast, while we stood
paralyzed watching ;? for his atoms.
Marsh begged his ; father; and mother
and. an uncle who lived in Nebraska to
save'; him. >,' He cursed the company for
not .lowering j the , bucket, but mortal
fear held Jus in a pallid . group across
the alley. The fuse had' burned In be
yond the, reach • of . his fingers,- and it
was up to the boss blast toucher* to
take .what was coming. to him. -
.When it came, a whirling spiral cloud
of white smoke, • punctured ..by. one
hHeous yell, "shot up from the shaft.
At the summit:* of the cloud, twenty
feet in air, rode Marsh's limp straw hat.
That was all.- ' Nothing more— not even
a sound— boiled rout of the shaft, so
the j more"; courageous directors sneaked
to the.edsre and. looked down.
¦ Sloats \ sat < with ~ his back braced
against the wall, -and was mining dirt
out of his eyes, mouth, nose and ears,
using J hl8 : fingers for picks. The lan
guage, that flowed from him dispelled
the sulphur- fumes and deadly after
, ? '¦ At I this point - In the development of
the j mine, the .lamp committee being
unablfl . to steal any powder, . the stock
holders, were .assessed for. enough ; , to
blast out a tunnel.' By unanimous vote,"
blasting ' was • deemed . more {romantic
than'^digging, 'and : the price of one
pound of fine rifle powder fairly flowed
into the treasury., t'
; A broomstick drill was used to bore
a hole pointing downward at an angle
of 45 ln> the south -wall t>f :the
shaft/ two feet above the " bottom. We
tamped' dirt ; on top of .the powder | and
left a string of firecracker fuses hang
ing out 1 for the match. Then arose a
question of nerve td touch off the blast.
Marsh Bloats, a husky lobster, six feet
,tall, ¦ at."- the schoolboy age, said he
would do- ltjn~ajlffy.; So we lowered
him ' in j and hauled up the , bucket, his
idea ;, being to escape via >the safety
ladder, after fifing the fuse.';!
¦When Marsh Hit the Bottom.
damp, v As the" frenzied blaster couldn't
eeevt-ry. well, the company took a des
perate -'chance, '" hoisted him up and
scattered like* a' flock of quail. He was
able and willing .to lick the whole
bunch, r and we - knew - it. - The tough ,
clay confined - the . loosely tamped pow
der, and, the bulk of the, discharge, like :
that from a gun, bad passed above him,
'and Sloats was not damaged, except in
his pride. Our first -.end last .blast:
failed to uncover any coal, yet the pow
der was not wholly wasted.
I Next 'morning before daylight Roger
Wilson, the mine boss, routed me oat.
; His mother's only cow had fallen into
the shaft over night and broken most"
of her Jeg?,' her. neck and -her 'spine in
| three places, so Roger said In . tragic
; whispers. - Anyhow, the cow. was a
; corpse,"" and - Roger was doing a~ Paul
Revere ride on foot, passing a' hurry
call among the directors for an urgent
meeting . at : the ; mine. '
In the ,; pale gray light of dawn a
crowd of terror-stricken kids stood
• about ; the . hole and peered in at the ¦
cow,- who seemed to be standing on her
horns. v • To the ! dullest mind present It '
was apparent that dead cows have no I
value, while live boys must look to.
their future. Therefore, since the-Wil
son cow was dead and buried, all but
the covering up, there was no sense get
ing- her out and creating needles* sor
row scenes among: the women and chil
dren at the mouth of the pit' So we
•—;'-¦, . ¦ - -
In a short time we sunk a square
shaft sixteen feet deep; using a wind
lass and bucket to hoist ont the \ dirt
and coal, when we struck it. The tough
clay sides of the shaft needed j no box
ing, else" the" world might have lost, a
bunch | of bright intellects : In a' prema
ture'mine.horror. In.the. event of ac
cident to the hoisting gear- the shaft
boss ripped an emergency ladder, v bullt
of two sixteen-foot' fence rbpard3, bor
rowed from the widow. These boards
were set upright, against. one. "wall* of
the shaft and fitted with rungs nailed
on. • ¦';¦ v ¦' - ";.'•"".¦ ¦.'" *-¦¦ •• '.¦ ¦ ¦
'/Very good," father broke in. \. "And
now. let me see you put. it all* back —
every grain— or I'll burn' the pants off
you both." :; '; 'V ¦'¦'[¦ t -.. , ':-•'",/¦ ¦¦¦¦-¦ V J :
That- was the bitterest Jolt -of my
young life up. to date. Lill all, but col
lapsed; for he i believed .in the : coal 4 flc
tlon | and my superior., divining I rod wis?
dom. , We buried. the dirt in the. grave
of blasted hopes and directed the obse
quies all : alone, for^no pother boys ' had
been let into the digging and we couldn't
expect ;help. jj *It .was J awful .work filling
up the ; tunnel, pushing in .the dirt with
a hoe, and^when that Job was completed
a . period of ; depression v fell ', upon • the
amateur mining industry at Mudville.
Later on^ih the season,. being a" reso-.
lute promoter, I. launched;, the second
venture. ¦ ; One <; square <, away \ lived the
two Wilson boys, ;who,Y luckily, had no
father to butt intotheir vastand wor
thy enterprises. The Wilson boys read
ily believed the coal -vein I found at
homo extended . to: their . place, and a
new company was formed to mine the
stable lot of the Widow Wilson without
securing from - her a concession to . the
mineral rights. ¦¦.--. , - 4 ¦¦•¦:¦¦
- The new .company ,; proceeded oh; a
mammoth scale, rating : a president,
board of directors and a j row of num
bered pegs . in the barn on' which to
hang our mining clothes. A committee
appointed; to steal a -batch- of ( miiiers'.
lamps from, the- pottery ... made •• good
with a dozen, one for each stockholder.*
Though all the digging, was done, be
fore and ' after - school in the broad
glare of an effulgent Illinois sun,- we
wore the lighted .lamps on our -brows
just the same. Nothing, wag too good
for the Dryden-Wilson 1 Mining Com
pany, Limited. ¦., .- : .. - -.'. ¦ ¦ -.¦*'¦
came home. His -little .boy, -miners! led
him forth and pointed with pride to the
hole. - He = looked ; about? at the • yellow
clay smeared , over. half the " fertile gar
den spot on which" * he had lavished
money and manure. ; We expected loud
outbursts of '¦ praise. Instead father
asked quietly:' ; v . ¦'*. •
"Did you boys dig out ' all this dirt ?."
"Yes, sir," we chortled. : "It was my
idea and Bill he- — — " " , ;
shouldn't there be coal in our back yard
If he only thought so? Bill was a pep
pery kid, full of force long before Sun
ny Jim's time, ¦: and : would V. make !a,
valued assistant in the mining venture.
"If I prove there is coal in ' the i lot
will you help me dig?" I asked Bill.
He, said he would, and I soon con
vinced that easy, mark, being a natural
born, promoter, myself. Reading was
my only vice at that date. In order to
get at the books I bunkoed the Warner
County Library Association in the most
cruel and sordid manner. Twice [ each
week In winter I toted half a ton of
coal in buckets up. three flights of stairs
from a cellar under the sidewalk. The
librarian was a very old man with two
cork legs, and on that account he was
ashamed to be seen carrying the coal
himself.
In return for my trifling service the
librarian gave me a book privilege
ticket, good for six months, and worth
$1 50. It makes me blush even now to
think how I swindled that poor old man,
but I was like the drunkard away from
his can. My very, being for
choice miscellany, useful facts worth
knowing and light summer reading in
winter. A deep and soulful longing for
knowledge made me desperate, and I
soon picked up a lot about coal— in
buckets. : : ,'
Well. I had read of the divining rod.
and with that bit of witchery worked
Bill to the limit First I > salted the
onion bed Just west, of the: raspberry
patch, by planting a flat lump of coal
six Inches underground and marking
the spot. Then, with an apple twig in
the form of a Y, I led Bill to his doom.
He followed, pop-eyed, while I trailed
about the garden, holding the divining
rod b« the double ends,; with the stem
of the Y pointing straight 'ahead. At
the proper place the magic stem bent
downward, and I whisv** »d hoarsely
"Dig here for treasure!"
1 allowed him to dig, and when Bill
uncovered the lumps of coal, he became
lit up with the most gorgeous blaze of.
enthusiasm I ever beheld in a human
being. That was promoting some, all
right. Bill wanted to dig on the night
shift, too, but I "wouldn't let him. In
a few days we sunk a shaft five or six
feet deep and ran a drift to one side
in search of the. mother- lode. To sup
port the roof of the tunnel, we knocked
the rain water barrel to pieces, sawed
the staves in half and braced* them up
with timbers taken from the family
woodpile. . This was the only time we
ever tackled the bucksaw in the role
of little volunteers.
Put . It All Back Aeain.
The tunnel had drifted in all of ten
feet when our male parent and provider
THE : rSAN; jKRANaSCOi : SUNDAYi: CAUi
ON AND OFF THE BREAD WAGON
BEING HARD LUCK TALES AND DOING OF AN AMATEUR HOBO
FABLES FOR THE FOOLISHThere . Is : always a way if , yon want to do right— —
There is always a way if yon try with your might— »
Though temptations have led you, experience told
That for sin the transgressor is punished ' ten-fold}
As a vessel Is palsied when mad billows roll
And its proud form relentlessly cast on the shoal.
When the tides have receded and evil is wrought,
Disabled it rests, though it gallantly fought—
The hand of the builder may launch it again,
More stately than ever, to traverse the main.
There Is always a way If you want to do right—
There Is always a way If you try with your might— N
There Is .always a way yon can win In the fight—
And a way, \ if « yon will, to ascend to great height.
There Is hope, if you try. to sail over the deep.
A Columbus at heart will not falter and weep,
Aye, a dawn, too, will show you your hope far ahead.
And twill 'seem that the earth and the heaven are wed.
Though conditions may lock you. tn fetters and pain—
If you try to do right, a rew-ard Is your gain. v
/ > > . • ELEOXORE E. HOEFT.
THere Is Always a Way
oonstructed -. from;, the ''¦ tiniest of mole
hills. /A lowered, voice.l a laugh oi^evenj;
* gesture wiU set; them off in aflt^ of
bitterness, f or Z they : are'5 posit! ve< that ?¦
their I own i shortco|nlng» I ar» ii th"« '' sole
and absorblng.topijj T bf conversaUon.
Buch^ may.b*l th^Teaa*^ but; it" occurs '.
about ; as , seldom • *s we » hav* >'siV blue
noon. - In i a c _ way, this % *verlastlng -
th^nf*of;setfil»]horrlbly|conc*ited;^
_f or; tti: average IPfnwa; hif iWmtVtoagi
- moc« 'interesting ¦ to tlmuse • him. " Of
coxn-Btt, * If ; . f en* * wiggles .and t '* squirms ;
" ibbut ' in \ »' : painful manner It ' cannot ;
1 help ; but/ attract/ attention^ and' -\ the ;
lanc » Jh&t -would hay* been 1* passing
. becomes ? n^ed./> ; Contortions -sj* not
vpretty ( nor arethjey reassuring; and they
\ entirely i uncalled - for -at '
: ¦_;.-.
R. F. (Warts).-^-I am always afraid
to • try a lot • of f. things and if I were
you I should have the warts removed
Answers to
Correspoa d e ruts
as the 1 bashful ,girl. When he _ finds
" that lifers somewhat "of a. burden to
him on < account f of his general awk
: wardness and his ability to ; : say t and
do. the wrong thing at the wrong time,,
he crawls into his shell, as It were,- and
; takes ; refuge in .silence." - His move
: ments are abrupt, his voice harsh and
•; his '-< conversation short and .sharp. To
'" be sure, : he is rather a \ forbidding sort
/'of /creature,; for 'only those who) know
' ; him 1 / well understand !" that this gruff
ness :' is ¦ merely a bluff put up to hide
a shyness that he is positively ashamed
and ;afrald of.
But this self-same abrupt mannerism
.that^covers^such .'a . multitude of sins
has,' unfortunately,, been denied the
'-< timid r girl.7 These days" there are too
many /Jolly. comrades,- always ; amiable
;. and \ ready I toil fun A to ' make it an ob
/ject-"to ', put .up. with the. girl -who- is
/snappy, -"surly,' and- cross, and even the
/one who is distressingly.' quiet comes. in
..for, herj share of ' playing.' the animated
\ wall- flower. ''¦Wsf^BSSUSSK
-;/And'* really, after all, it is only what
'^oneV might/ expect: People rescue a
; pretty/girl ohcei. twice, or "maybe,- three
/times, >but"; if she Jersists In losing her
self y in : . the' dark • shadows :'and * taking
no part In' the; gayety, -she: will soon
-discover i to, her ; sorrow/that :she_ : may
¦ remain/ there just as long " as she:
¦pleases, and entirely forgotten and n«
gleicted in the' bargain.
Each ; and every/one should be = pos
/sessed'With • a- "certain amount of \ self-/
assertion. . ¦ This $ does ¦ • not necessarily
> mean, that > one ; should • push .one's I self ,'
'• forward on every possible' occasion, but s
/their* / are - : ; times .' when ~ an '¦,] act of
thoughtf ulness will suddenly, place one
i easily/ //and -. gracefully.^ within t the
charmed {circle.. One* '. ther«, v l it. is easy
"'.¦ \o\ find : some/ means J" of / keeping "_ busy,
; for "doing ; nothing" Is : th* stumbling
' block ; that " is : the ; undoing of many * a
a!a^T^d^lassl£Sb^f^ytjMgM|
S^ItSls a real pleasure; to • se«' a well
:.' poised VSh* ; may /eriteri a" room :
% nUed with merry chatterers and be ut
terly ¦ebUvibuYt* the fact that any one
VTh^^ld^ed^
making .the hands sore. Do not pick
or in any other way cause such ex
crescences to bleed, for this will In
crease the disfigurement and win
neither retard the growth nor hasten
the removal of the wart. An excel
lent solution which will remove th«
warts is made by putting & lump of
common washing soda the size of a
walnut In a two-ounce' bottle filled
with cold 39ft water. Cork the bot
tle carefully and do . not fall to label
it. When the stjda is dissolved
moisten the warts thoroughly several
times each day with the solution and
they will gradually disappear. If the
tops of the w arts are very hard file off
the calloused skin with a nail file.
This will allow the soda solution to
penetrate more readily and hasten the
removal of the wart. Warts of but a
few weeks' growth will vanish com
pletely after a few applications of the
soda . solution. Should the surround
ing skin become sensitive bathe with
a little sweet oil or cold cream. By
exercising a little care, touching only
the warts and keeping the skin soft,
not even a tiny scar will remain after
the treatment recommended.
miles of her." She does not stammer
or wiggle, her hands and feet are not
possessed with an insane desire to
make themselves . prominent and she
doesn't eye every corner in a shifty
fashion, as though she were debating
how • many strides would take her to
it and freedom. — ,
No. That is not the well-bred woman.
Her mind is not on her own behavior,
but upon her hostess and her Interests,
and for. this simple reason she is de
lightfully natural and charming.
If the bashful girl thinks she is awk
ward—lo and behold, she is, and with
a vengeance, 'too. But, on - the . other
hand, if she Wills her mind with the
pleasures at 'hand, she r straightway
loses her afflicting . self -consciousness
and Is simply herself.
Really, truly, bashfulness does not
mean diffidence, quietness or. even shy
ness, but that all-enveloping some
thing that settles down like a gentle
cloud and bereaves one of evejy power
save that of blushing frantically and
f urlously^ time and time again.
. Perhaps this a/fliction is helped on
its way not a little by the delightful
ly frank fashion which so-called polite y
society has of scrutinizing everybody'
and everything that chances its way.
Many times if lorgnettes were leveled
the effect could not be more startling
nor more insolent, and it takes a wom
an possessed with a goodly share of
worldly wisdom to present that I
don't-know-you're-looking expression
and go serenely and evenly upon her
way.
Just why people imagine they are
entitled to stare at others as though
they were little short of curiosities is
quite beyond me. Yet every day— in
fact If one will but take the trouble
to notice In every car — there Is that
close, f neighborly scrutiny which
makes one fairly bristle with indigna
tion. Not so very long ago I chanced
to meet a girl of sixteen or there
about, flying along the street with
flaming cheeks and angry, suspicious
eyes.
"Where are you going in such a tre
mendous ¦ rush ?" I asked her, as she
swept along. "Honie, where people
don't think I'm a walking advertise
ment for a gold mine," she answered
in a quivering voice. "I'm so embar
rassed I can't see straight."
And the cause of her woes was noth
ing more or less" than a few gold binds.
In other words, she' was having her
teeth straightened and was beings tor
tured.both mentally and physically, by
the protruding glitter that refused to
permit her to close her mouth in
peace. *
. Doubtlessly it never occurred to those
who glanced' at her so curiously^ that
they, were committing ; a breach of eti
quette and It was very/ evident! by her
nervous flurry, that / my, little ; friend
failed to realize that she was not mak
ing the beat of a bad rituatlonuf.
' Eh* was embarrassed most .woefully
and her on* Idea. In life was to fly horn*
and .hid* her head ln« her . mother's
skirts and have a good cry.
Eh* Imagined that every ™*n, iromajn
¦'.and .'child.' yes, even the yellow, curs on
.the itreet, were I looking at her,: ready
to break Into a gentle grin that Is so
delightfully expressive, f. Instead /"of
walking along ordinarily/ and g&slng ,
into the ' shop :'\ windows she couldnt "
' thick of anything - but self and . In her \
eagerness •; to efface', herself she I suo
ceeded only in being awkward and d*
'. cldedly r -
i The ; conscious j man or woman Imag
ines a "" host of ¦'¦ things | and ; magnifies
them until they are absolute bugbears. ;
In fact, -, mountains are lmm£d|at$Jy;
(T\HERE is one little lesson In good
I manners that Is omitted from
I the code cf many a parent, and
JL that is the subtle art of self-
Xorgetfulness.
Perhaps you. Miss Merry Tom-Boy,
or you. Miss Lady Wise, fail to under
stand exactly what is meant by this,
eelf-forgetf ulness; but the demure
MIbs Shy paintully tucked away In
the darkest corner of the room, under
stands it to the utmost, for her very
eoul has been tried in her vain en
deavor to get away from herself and
everything pertaining to her.
There are afflictions and afflictions,
one more or less worse than the other,
but If bashfulness is not one of the
¦worst curses that can be bestowed
upon a person I would like to know
¦what It Is. *. ,
by electricity." If you cannot afford
this get this mixture:
Cfhrysorobin .. ......20 grains
Collodion 1% dsachms
Apply with a camel's hair brush
every day or two to the wart.
ELSIE W. (Hands).— There Isn't any
good cause for your hands being rough
that I can see. unless you are careless
In drying them. Perhaps you give
them a good washing and promise to
dry them better next time. That never
does especially well. Keep a bottte
filled with the following and every time
you put them in water rub a little In:
Rose water 8 ounces
Pulverized borax 1, ounce*
Glycerine 1 ounci
Tincture of benzoin ....1 drachm
IDA P. (Removing Hair).— No, I do
not advise you to use any drug ad
vertised and for the simple reason that
I do not know anything of them on*
way or the other. As I told you befor».
there is that will remove hair
permanently but the electrio needla.
and then only a good specialist should
try it.
-The medlrine I. told you of Is harm
less and will remove it for the tim*
being and I should not be afraid to
use it on my face. In fact. I know any
number of people who use It an th»
time and with good results. If you
want the name and address of a doe
tor who understands removing hair
with the needle I will be glad to gtr*
It, to you. but understand in the be
ginning: it is expensive and somewhat
tedious.
'TO REMOVE WARTS (Schoolgirl)
Warts, like freckle;, are largely the
concomitant of youth and usually van
ish .with advancing years. You can.
readily remove the warts on 7xmr^~
Jbands without cutting and, without
4
THE -.-.SAN-V FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MME. YALE?!
Almond Blossom
/COMPLEXION
\j. . . . CREAM
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
MADE
Cleanses, softens, ptlrifies,
whitens and beautifies the
skin. Soap and water only
•cleanse superficially.
Mme. Tal« cars: A little Almond
Bio** onx Complexion Cream should
be jipplied every time th« fact
aad'Juuids are washed. Xt removes
« thm Aust, soot, crime, amnt and
ennflg* from tte Interstices of
tb* skla and makes the surface
mmooth. as velvet.
A' daaly^ necessity at home, and
abroad; a treasure when traveling
by land and water, or when on an
outing of any kind, and particu-
larly prized at a seaside or moun-
tain jesort. Protects the skin
from cutting winds, burning rays
of the-sun and every injurious ef-
fect of' the elements. Prevents
and cures abnormal redness, of
the nose or any. part of the face,
and' that purplish hue due to ex-
posure to cold, also chapping,
chafing, cold tores, fever blisters
and all irritation of the .skin. - It
is the greatest. known specific for
burns; takes the fire out more
quickly than anything . . else,
soothes, heals, and prevents scar*
and suppuration. - Indispensable
for ose of infants and every, mem-
ber of the household. An exqui-
site natural beautifier.^ A grateful
application after shaving. Excel-
lent for massage, purposes. Now
in two sizes. .Mme: Y ale's Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream is
now sold in two sizes by
OWLDRUGeO.
(Both Stores)
1128 Market Street
80-82 Geary Street
At special price of 40c and 80cfingers groping 'eagerly.,, for .some
meaning in the soft, damp mass that
met their' touch. r Then the;' closed
upon the 'object;,and' brought; it ground
where his eyes* could! help.
He stared* at it .' in silence for a
moment. . .
.were blue or gray. , and whether she
was tall or short, dark or fair, his lady
of dreams.
Afterward he plumed himself upon
having recognized her instantly,
though' if the truth were known it re
quired no: great; perspicuity. Asked to
dinner' at ,the Stariton's— the nearest
neighbors, though three miles away— he
had accepted 'on the'ehance of getting
'- some clew to ' the -young lady.
And he'did. At the sight of him the
only other guest, a young woman with
the bluest of blue; eyes, gave a startled
but pleased look, that flashed into her
eyes; and -out again, so quickly that he
¦would. scarce ha've been sure save for
the slight flush that ; backed up his
theory. V Later on it transpired that she
was the one girl 1 in 'the neighborhood,
and matrons, Trenham .shrewdly, ar
.' gued," would I scarcely be up to such
pranks, or even" thinking of the great
god Pan. ; , , ;
~ For the'rest.'there are people .who are
still scandalized; when '^ttiey ' remember
the /queemess 'of thie Trenham-puke
wedding.' v It took placein sylvan 'style
a : year" later/'on ; the ,* knoll ; overlooking,
the; river, ¦' and .the^bride^wore^can you «
believe it?— a, wreath of dandelions 1
velope, scrawled something on ah un-.
used sheet and tore it off.
Almost holding her breath she tip
toed nearer. He was sleeping very
heavily. The scrap of paper she had
twisted . into the wreath. At last she
stood within an arm's length of his
head. She listened excltealy, but the
long, even- breaths assured her.
Slowly she bent over; lower and
lower the wreath descended until it
rested on the crisp, dark hair. With
the braced air of a person who feel3
that- he is likely to be shot at any
moment, she straightened up and
waited, • but he did not move. Then
with a last admiring glance, for,, he
looked like a" veritable flower^crowned
god now, she fled back along path
and in a moment had disappeared in
the woods. .' .. > .
Trenham -woke" from a • slumber} so
deep that his ; yery identity /was fffsY.
Long, lazy shadows t .darkened *• the
sward "about him. * -Who-rwhat-rwhere ?
. Something pressed upon his* forehead
and instinctively ; his* hand-went Uo/. his
.The seven men took open order and
double-quicked across the open into
coyer and the six "Jims" sang- as they
went. The colonel looked blank, and
five hundred men' laughed ; and the
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McClure.)
fT^HERE were six men in Com-
I pany B, Ninth Infantry, who
I were nicknamed "Jim-Dandies."
¦ JL They were ¦ six spick and span
fellows, who always looked fresh and
clean and presentable, and they were
always detailed for the best headquar
ter posts. - This caused jealousy and It
was natural that by and by a story
should get affoat that the six recruits
were fellows without sand. It could
be truthfully said that their courage
had not been tested, as the Indians
had been quiet for a long time, but no
one argued thus. It was easier to go
with the majority and say with some
of the old veterans:
"You just mark my words. If we
ever get into a brush with the reds
it will take four men apiece to hold
these dudes on the firing line."
The "Jim-Dandies" were attracted to
each other and formed a coterie. They
organized a glee club, sang love songs,
read popular novels and bought toilet
soap. They even wore linen collars
and carried clean handkerchiefs, and It
was said of at least three c" then that
they rubbed their faces with bay rum
after a shave. The "Jims" were guyed
and ridiculed, but they went their way
and bideu their time.
They had put in a year of this when
the call came for the Ninth to take
the field. The red men had grown
tired of . eace and wanted war again.
"Now keep your eyes on our 'Jim-
Dandies,' " eaid the veterans to each
other as they went marching away.
"If we buck up against the Sioux you'll
see six sissy men fainting away to be
chucked into an ambulance."
The Ninth went out for business and
found It. On the third day after leav
ing the fort ' it found a big force of
Indians in its front, and the fight was
hot from the beginning. The reds had
the advantage of numbers, and by .and
c by they began to work around on the
left flank of the command. The colo
nel saw it, but he could spare oniy
a few men to checkmate the move.
They must get into the broken ground
and die fighting. It was a military
necessity that a small force should ba
sent, but he hesitated to issue the or
der, and finally called for sergeant to
lead a band of volunteers. The six
"Jim-Dandie3"- V came to the. front at
once. Even on the march they had
clean collars on.
'"What in time is this!" growled the
sergeant as they stepped out. "It's
goin' to take old veterans to hold that
ground, and these are only dudes."
. "Give us a chance, colonel," appealed
one of the' "Jims." *
"Splendid move of . yonra, colonel."
said the major when the fight had been
won.
"But I couldn't have made It with
out the singing. Tell Captain Barnes
to send hla six 'Jim-Dandies* to me.
I want to thank "em personally. A
dude club beats artillery all to
pieces at flghtlngrlndlanal" .
Indians almost ceased tfieir fir© as*
thejr wondered what was up.
"Now, dudes," said the sergeant as
they, reached cover, "this Is no mak
ing love to a red-headed girl on the
veranda of a summer hotel. We've
got to hold them Injuns off this flank
if we die trying. You've got a
chance to show what you're made of,
and durn my buttons if I don't phis
the first man who looks to the rear!"
The Ninth had gotten Itself into a
hole. It was not strong enough .to
drive the enemy from its front, and '
were it to attempt a retrograde move
ment the Indians would be encouraged
to swarm out In full force. The officers
saw the situation before the men did,
but when the latter became aware- of It
there was a flutter along the lines. It
might have been more th.an* a flutter,
and the colonel's heart was la his
mouth an<j his teeth set hard, when
from the "Jim-Dandles" over oa the
flank came the rousing chorus of
"John Brown." It stopped the flutter.
Some men laughed and some swore.
but the song led their thoughts Into
another channel.
Again the Indians pressed down on
the left flank. They had discovered,
that only half a dozen men opposed
them, and that to win the flank was
to win the battle, but even with five
to one, owing to the nature of the
ground, they could mak© no way. Tha
"Jims" were shooting to kill when
they were not laughing or singing
and the sergeant watched them close
ly and muttered to. himself:
"I've been down on these dudes aloof
with the crowd, but blast my eyes If I
ever saw purtier flghtin*. I guess I*va
got to take back what I've said. Say,
now, but what's the matter over In tha
center?" • » ".
The matter was that a company wu
being withdrawn to reinforce tha
right, but the movement caused "un
easiness and a slackening of the flre.
Men were beginning to look to the rear
and breathe heavily, and the Indians to
utter whoops -of exultation and make
ready for a rush, when the six "Jim-
Dandies." who were temporarily out of
it, leaped up on the rocks and began
to sing a topical sonar. It was new to
most of their comrades, and tha Jolly
air caught on at ones, and started
cheers til along the line.
Two hundred men Joined la" .the
chorus, and they were singing yet as
the colonel perfected his plans and or
dered a forward movement. There was
a grand charge and a rout, and the
Ninth had not only extricated Itself,
but won a victory to be proud of.
"Spring," he muttered musingly, "is
Just bursting into young summerhood."
Then his lips twitched slightly and he
tried again.
"That apple tree looks like some
sweet, sedate Quaker lady."
He stretched his eyes open wide as
if to fling off some irresistible, influence.
"Good Lord, am I a poet after all?"
he demanded comically cf the shadowy
self that always attends us, but never
bo palpably es in solitudes. And then
he smiled and lay staring up into the
great arch of the blue above him.
Again the silts grew narrower, almost
At the end of an hour's walk he
found that the path ended abruptly at
a grassy knoll. For a few moments
Trenham gazed with an appreciation
too deep for words. Then with a sigh
of contentment he sank down upon
the thick grass and stretched himself
out, his head resting in the hollow of
his clasped hands, his eyes narrowed
to slits like sate keepers who would
eay to the beauties about them, "One
at a. time, please."
And presently the slits became nar
rower and narrower.
TRENHAM arrived at Cantico at
1:30. At 2 Norton's silent, ef
ficient serving man was formally
introducing him to. the. Hutch —
his for a month — a squat. Oriental
looking building standing in the tem
pered shade of the pines and larches
and containing all those touches of
home comfort usually ascribed to
feminine hands, but found in the mod
ern bachelor Quarters.
At 2:30, his tweed suit changed for
a more formal costume, he emerged
from the low, broad doorway, stirred
by a pagan desire to get closer still
to nature, out into the dim, cloistered
places of the woods, where he might
Coat deliclously upon a sea of silence,
whose calm was unbroken save by the
ripple of a bird note or the snapping
of a twig.
"I say, but this is great!" burst
from his lips luxuriously as h© drew
In long whiffs of the suave air with
its warm, elusive scent of sweet, grow
lnc things. "This Is life. This Is
what man was meant for."
As he ceased speaking he lifted his
face to the soft breeze that caressed
his cheek like a spirit hand and
thought unflattering: things of civiliza
tion. What after all did this boasted
condition mean? What but crowded
cities with stone where turf should be,
the roar of trains, shrieking of whis
tles, whizzing- ou autos. clattering of
hoofs and the grind, grind, grind of
office life. As he thought of It now,
looking as he was straight Into na
ture's smiling, Inscrutable face, it all
seemed supremely ridiculous. Fauns
and satyrs, hamadryads and naiads
had been wiser.
Daringly she stood and gazed dt him,
tingling with the fear that he might
awaken, vet too interested to turn
away. The blue of her eyes was
matched by the color of the linen gown
she wore. Around her neck a dandelion
chain dangled like a cable of rich gold.
With a sudden movement she lifted
the latter, breaking off a part of it and
fastening It into a wreath. Again she
hesitated. .Then, with her under lip
held between her teeth in a way that
showed ' two very - merry dimples, she
took a letter from her dress, hurriedly
extracted a - tiny pencil from the ',', e©»
So had Natica Duke written to a
friend soon after coming to Cantlco for
the summer. There were few houses
In the region— a half dozen within
twenty miles, and her first impression
of the- country was only deepened by
her long, solitary strolls. She had a
mystical feeling that there was'some
thing to be discovered— some -secret
that ehe was forever on the verge of.
Godllng, gnome or fairy, she fancied,
might rise in her path at any moment
without causing her any surprise, and
so it was without dismay that she
stopped short at the edge of the wood
one day upon finding her favorite spot
already occupied.
For the fraction of a second she half
believed. Then she wholly disbelieved.
No godling would appear in tan ox
fords. Sandals were the utmost one
could conceive! Still, as a mortal, the
sleeping youth before her was worth
consideration. A glance told her that,
and she cautiously drew a step nearer.
He lay so that the spreading branch
of a tree shaded his face, his' soft linen
hat tossed on the grass beside him,
thus revealing the thick dark hair, that
looked as If It might have curled had
not 1U owner sternly refused to hear of
such a thing." His features reminded
her strangely of certain marbles she
had seen, they were so massive, yet so
finished, and with girlish attention to
dress she bestowed an approving
glance on his white negligee shirt, the
sleeves rolled up to the elbows, and the
duck trousers to match. If he was not
a godllng he was at least a most at
tractive mortal..
"It's a singular sleeping beauty of a
place-^-has a breathless, charmed air,
as if it were under a spell. I believe
there are fairies or godllngs to be dis
covered."
• • •
"It's a il*V" . he murmured drowsily.
"Great Pan's not dead. Great Pan—"
The murmur ended In a knowing
smile, the smile of one who has learned
for a certainty .what fools most mortals
be and that in turn faded irito gravity.
Trenham slept.
imperceptible. A line from a poem
learned In youth trailed across his mind
— "Great Pan is dead!" • 1
By JoHn Murray
JIM DANIELS
By Keith Gordon
GREAT GODPAN
"Monday.
•¦"I shall be hcrme on the Tuesday
boat. The other glxls are packing,
too'. The overseer has fainted. Only
the professor is serene. He was up
bright and early this morning to meet
the 6:08 train and when he came back
he had a Mrs. Professor and three
little Professor juniors tagging mer
rily along after him.
"No, I do not think men were ' de
ceivers ever. I think it was absent
mindedness; c-nly Mrs. Professor gave
the Muses their crushing blow when
she said sho was so glad we had all
Joined the professor's summer botany
class, as he had reduced the course
rate to $10 and she thought it .was
the sweetest, most elevating study one
could take up. We all assured her It
was elevating. It was, for the pro
fessor.
"And 'we're all going home to-mor
row.
"Yours for single blessedness,
... - ... .... "PERDITA."
again, this time fainter still.
" 'No, the" waist," said Agatha firmly.
'And lower that person over tha
mountain side until he rescues the
other party.'
"'Let's lower MacGregor.* mur
mured Genevieve, but the widow
cried, and said her feet were getting
wet, and she didn't think it was right
to Joke in the face of death. That
braced us up, because the professor
did look like it, so while the fleeting:
moments sped Genevieve and I sped
fleeter and found some clotheslines,
and a couple of husky lads in sweaters
f?om the peanut stand and the boat
hcuse and we sped back to the glen.
"Then . the husky lads climbed the
bluff on the sandy side and did the
Alpine act with the clothesline, as
sisted by several ropes from the boat
house, and before our eyes the profes
sor was pulled back to life and liberty.
"He is resting now. It is dark and
still at the villa. No hops nor man
dolins to-night. The shock will bring
him to, I think, from the botanical
dream and cause him to concentrate
his joy on some loving, sympathetic
heart. And may it be your
"PERDITA."
(Copyright, 1904. by lrola Merrifleld.)
/ a *^-r LTA VISTA VILLA. No Man's
f\ Land.
j "Moon of Poppies.
X "Dear — Look at above
heading and dream a dream
of joy. I'm here, and when I saw that
nane tacked up over the portals of
our hotel, I said, here's where I rusti
cate just on the strength of the name.
"We are ud 03 a bluff. Sand bluff.
I've been here three blessed, broiling
days, and haven't found anything in
the place yet but sand and bluff. And
sea, lots of sea, so much sea that
you hope you'll never have to see so
much sea again in all your life. Also,
a bathhouse, tintype tent, peanut pa
vilion and bathing houses — little, hot,
nt-w pine coffins stood up on end. Also
girls, and girls, and girls, from 16 to
60, assorted sizes, and all looking for
the Man. There are lots of him run
ning around in the days of his youth,
but for a real Man. such as we are led
to expect by all the summer lore ever
written, hangs his delightful self
around summer resorts, and wears
vhite duck, and brings you water
lilies, and sighs over a mandolin at
you 'neath the pale moonlight, there
i^n't a single specimen wandering for
miles around our villa.
"Do you know what they call this
particular aerie I have alighted on?
No Man's Land. Pleasant, isn't it.
after you've toiled over a typewriter
vhile the wintry wind did a rag-time
donee around your furless throat, and
yoii didn't give a rap, because you
wtre thinkir.s of your white waists,
and your linens, and organdies, and
your heavenly, floppy Trianon hat
with its lace veranda, all of which
should storm the heart of the Sum
mer Man. and make him fall down and
worship by the silvery starlight.
"Xa.ncie Bell, it isn't any such a
Huff. There isn't any Summer Man.
AvA even if there were, and he didn't
have sense enough to run away the
minute he grasped the situation, I
wouldn't have a bit of respect for him.
"That's all. I shall be home in a
few days, just as soon as I have tan
enough to bluff the stay-at-homes
into the idea that I've had a glorious
time and been belle of the beach. Be
strong. Nancie. Don't look even at an
excursion steamer. If i sinners entice
thee, dress up in your organdies and
walk down Fifth avenue and you'll
see more admiring sons of Adam in
an hour than you will out here in a
week. Haplessly yours.
. "PERDITA."
"Day after yesterday.
"Hello. Central. AH hail the Man!
He came, he saw, and Ceasar isn't a
circumstance. He has taken the large
corner room. Mrs. Banks, our gen
eral overseer, says he is an exception
al young man. Wonder how much
board he paid in advance?
"He isn't real young, nor real old,
just that Intermediate age that Is so
interesting. I don't think he is ex
actly handsome, but you know what
a properly trimmed Vandyke and a
pair of rimless eyeglasses will do for
any man. He's that kind.
"This morning he escorted all of us
through the glen. Did I tell you that
we had a glen? Oh. yes. Glen Ellyn.
Just ferninst the villa. It's a break
in the sand bluff, and It's damp and
piney and darksome at midday. Here
tofore the organdie flock had reli
giously eschewed its ferny cwampi
ness. but you should have seen us
trail after him over fen and stump
and hidden vine the while he fished
out dinky little weeds and discoursed
on them.
'I opine he is a botanist. Well, it's
better than a barber. A letter came
for him to-<lay addressed to Profes
sor Adrian Vo^el. How's that for in
dividuality. He looksgt, too. He does
not dance and he does not play the
mandolin. • He goes for his morning
dip at some unearthly hour before we
are up. I^i fact, he does not do any
of the orthodox summer 'manisms,'
but he has manners and customs of
his own.
"For instance, he sings, and sings
well. There are about ninety and
nine Muses who group themselves in
the parlors after dinner to listen to
their Apollo. When he sings 'All
Aboard for Dreamland,' he looks at you
cs much as to say he has only two
passes for the boat, but the other one
is for vou.
"Yachting and autoing he classes
as nerve racking, but nature, and close
to nature's heart, and all the rest of
It, is what the professor's joy is. I
think, privately, we would get closer
to nature's heart, and the professor's
heart, too, if he could be made to un
derstand the expediency of individual
lessons for his botany pupils. He
calls for a class, and we are all
classed.
"I hoDe for the best. So do the
other ninety and eight Muses.
"Botanically yours, •
"PERDITA."
"Come to No Man's Land every
time for something, doing. We have
saved the professor's, life. If it had
only been one of us it wouldn't have
been so complicated. A composite
gratitude doesn't go" far. "when it has
"Genevieve said fainting was count
ed, out. He was a fine target for light
ninjg'up there, and while It was none
of her business and she had no inter
est in the professor as a lovely man,
or in the continuance of his regular
beard paying, still, she thought a rope
might be a good thing.
" 'In mountainous countries,' began
Agatha, the artist _ who has been
Europized, 'I believe they tie a rope
around the waist of one person — '
"'It's the shoulders," said Genevieve.
'Kind of a slip knot.'
¦ , "The professor ' shouted for help
to be. passed around. - It was long af
ter lunch time, "and he never ' misses
lunch, time. : He* can -put away more
fried blueflsh and blackberry potple
than five of the • Muses. ¦ but it is only
proof , of his \ exceptional excellence,
and the -overseer never rebukes him.
"Did I tell you she was a widow ?
Also, interested in botany. . I think she
stands. second. best. ..He Hk^s fried
blueflsh, etc. ' : , -
\"Anyway, we missed him, and there
was a swift, summer storm, stealing
blackly up: from the. horizon. 'and the
sea moaned as it broke in sobs along
the shore. " They do those kind of
things all right. I used to think - that
went with the summer man. but it
doesn't. ,
7'SIacGregor Clarence Blair said he
hadn't jshown up ' since - breakfast, and
he'd seen him- making a bee line . for
the glen, and he'd said, what's, yer
hurry?, and the professor had said he
hoped he could have one morning in
peace to study without that thunder-
Ing, crowd of old maids hiking after
him:
"We didn't believe MacGregor. Ha
looks like a Dale, new sand fly. and
his father vid mother own all of No
Man's Land. The professor never in
all this world used such words,, as
hiking and thundering, but Mac-
Gregor did. Therefore. I may say. in
the same common parlance, that the
whole thundering crowd of old maids
pitched in and lambasted Mac-
Gregor until his pretty , white linen
suit was not fair to see. and his
twining curls were full of sand burrs.
Then he howled . and retracted, and
we all went up the glen after the pro
fessor.
"The glen deepens and darkens as
you go in, and the sides are rocky and
precipitous, with much shrubbery and
undergrowth, and scraggly pine trees
lifted to windward. And Just as the
first streak of lightning quivered in
the sky we heard a faint shout for
help.
"It. was the professor. He hung sus
pended in air en the bare limb of a
dead pine that jutted out from the rock
half way up the bluff, like Genius on
Pegasus, the widow said, on a petrified
Pegasus.
¦ "Then Genevieve Persey, our college
product, said Pesagus couldn't be petri
fied. He would have to be ossified.
And the widow .began to cry and sat
down on a .log and said she didn't care
a bit either way, ossified or petrified,
and Professor Vogel was such a lovely
man and always paid his board like
a gentleman and she hated to see* him
killed before her eyes and she never
felt so much like fainting before in all
her life.,
THE S A N % FR ANGISCO : SUND AYv GALU.
"Crowned, by Jove!" was his dazed
exclamation when . he . at last found
speech. The scrap of paper. caught his
eye and he detached it; smoothed It
out and looked : at . it with absorbed
curiosity.
"I salute thee, Great Pan," was scrib
bled thereon In a eirlish hand and at
the words a light dawned upon him.
Who was she and what was she like?
How. strange that she, too, should have
been thrilled with the same weird sense
of the nearness of pagan gods. U
.The > dandelions ' were curling up like
tired children, but Trenham carried the
wreath ; home ; as carefully, as if 'it had
be'en * of \ the • flowers of; Ederi,' and^ he
smoked', many pipes' that 'night': in .the
aof tl gloom •; of ' Norton's * roomy porch,
.woiHiering; bow , and f when ;and
they. 5 would- meet, and -whether her'eyes
FROM NO MAN'S LANDEASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
street, San Francisco; Ulmer ; Brandt, 1
107 Third , avenue. San - j Francisco;
Ernestine Biedenriann. 2756 " .Bush
Btreet. Sari Francisco : : Kitty Cos
tello^ " 1 011 . Webster street. Oakland ;
Leo . Taylor,; San Jose; ; Bernice' Dailey,
150$ "Franklin street, San ; Francisco;'
Sadie : Curtis, . ;. 1516 i ; Masonic , - avenue,
San ;Francl3co;: : Adele; Delfina; 1357
McAllister, street.. ; San .•Francisco;
Emile. .'Arnadol ;}' 1315,; McAllister
street,' San Francisco; .' Opal'David-^
son. Corning: . Walter' Elsf elder,,
Sherw'ood, •' Oregon; ¦;-.',-' Eva ': Campbell,
Sherwood, Oregon;; . Lilly, 1 'i Co rdes,'
Berkeley; ' C. Otten, / . Berkeley; " E.
KIrgen, ; Benicia; : ; Nellie Woods, 1 1506
Franklin : street, San . Francisco: Wal
ter Clark, 260 'Seventh . street,'. \Oak
land f -¦ George. TVatson,." 872 :'¦ Eddy
street,; San; . Francisco;, '.-Anna \ Lad
dish;-Benicia;' Harry'Laddishi;: Benicia*;
MerleSagehorri," 866 Castro^ street.'iOak
land; Blanche Turner, SouthSari Fran'
clsco;'Gertrude . ; Brbwn.fAlariVeda;
nest Brown* Alameda; » George Smith,
-.Wrights; l^uis^PrlantV/;729/*cnayton'
street, • San t Francisco ; {. Ruth' . Dunck
horst, '•'> Edmund " : Hill, V 634
Montgomery street, San "Francisco; .
James'Hill,; 634 ; Montgomery.' street," San ;
Francisco; v George King," Alameda; -'
Walter Clausen, CO Prosper street,*- San.
I'rancisco; Oliver Clausen, 60 : Prosper;
street, San rj Francisco; Edna Schulte,:
A lameda ; Dewey ' Mead," ' 1453 : Seventh
BtreetV; Oakland; : Agnes A'liin, : a355l Me- : ;
:AHlster - : ; street, •" San Francisco ;^> Ellen -
Eoaker, 1522 Fell street, ¦ San Francisco ; '
Norma ¦ Hodges, .'Alameda ; - Joe" Martin,"
2514' ; Fillmore street, ; Sari ' Francisco;
;Flora Frenzel^ : 307 /Green street,' i Sari
Franc jscb ; ; Julia '.-Toung,*^' 'Stockton ; Al
ice . Eliis.-Berkeley; ¦ Josle NlehlsVri, TaI^;
ameda ; - Miriam; Le\-j' t 247 Scott street,*,
San' Francisco; "Jean - Patterson^ 'S 939 %
Sixty •fflrst; "street; .: Oakland ;. "..Lucile.
'Mostier,',: : Berkeley;; ¦"¦¦' Ernest V- Spedding,
Palo; Alto; , \Greeii' 'fiis a^Tenth
street, .'Oakland ; ;j Liliian V iwbods.^isos
Franklin •'•; San 'Francisco; : : Allen '
Daley," 1506 "Franklin street, San Fran
cisco; >Ethel Hariseh, Petaluma;' pun
lap Smaller," Hay wards ; Frank CoDurn,
•; Berkeley ; ; Roy * Clipper, ' May field ; ': Bes
sie • Pollard, ; Naples ; Glenn.
-Fruitvale; "Alice : Mayberry.'.Antloch;
John ¦• May berry, . : Antloch"; : -* " Hariton
:,' Chamberlain; • Healdsburg; - Byna Wil
<liams, Stockton; Ethel ? Adams," Corde
1 - lia;V Henrietta ': Brandon," Watsonville;
fEncle ; Blake,' : Weayerville; Elmer
Knapp, Gold ; Run; 'Earle ' Ballantyne,
. ; San Jose; 'Mervyn Col, San Jose; 'Ed
• y:ard Kemp; Suisun ; ; Vivian Macdbnald,
'¦¦ Palcines; Dora Elsoti, " Benicia; .' H.
1i Hood, Fruitvale ;>Mable" Lund, ' Suisuh ;
J*ynie- ,Snea> : Oakland; 'John ' "Sahm,
Harrison street,^ San I Francisco;
Deacon," -2^67 ; Howard "rftreet,
r {Sari v Francisco ; '. Maud ' ' Pringle, 1434
! Point " L'obos ?. avenne« V San '^Francisco;
'\HaroidvLlese, \ U13 : ; .Tweif^th' 'avenue^
East Oakland ; . , Jake : Carmlchael. San
Jose'; Mildred Wolf gram, ; 4585 Elgh
.teenth street, San Francisco; Sammla
Hern, , Tulare ; ; Ejnma Schmidt, • Berke
• ley;; Alfred -, Maho"ney, Sunnyvale; rKa
;tle : Mpy, . 858 . Castro : street, Oakland;
Ida Eskridge, 16 86. Eighth street, Oak
land; Carrie 'Carwood,- 528 Eleventh
street, Oakland ; ; Matthew hooper, San
rJose;" t Carf6s'' Howard,^Berkeley; " "Wil
:Uam;.; Donald, - South Berkeley; Ida
1 O^rien, SL3 1 Eleventh «txeei /Oakland;
. .Well, children, • this" week : you -have something to take a. try at witli* which you are all familiar.
'There are represented' licrc the names of ei^ht articles sold' at the; hardware store. Tlicy are all com
monplace articles,; most of them being found in every household. "Awl" may not be, though, and so the
Puzzle Editor will tcir you that. ' ' , %f&tIM /v^ • ;
So many letters liave come in asking that .the list of books be continued for a little; while longer
that the Puzzle Editor has decided to* keep the books. There 'has been a little - change made in the list
and some new titles : added, "for : the ' benefit of "those who " are liicfcy'ieKough to be regular winners. -
REMEMBER THE RULES COXCERXIXG ,P1CTUKKS. Don't send in uritoried pioofs or stamp
photos, unless they are .very plain. .Those who work" hard bin, are so miluckyjas to just miss may get their
picture in as a reward for. tiding. Pictures never appear at'the stime lime with the-naiiics.
:; ;i ''/I >;: THE&E TALUS i ONE^H^ tills is %vhat you must do to win one. of
them: ' ¦ ;' "•...¦¦•¦•" ••' -.* ', . .¦¦•¦"' ¦. ; ; : ' ¦ ¦ •
- Find the 'names ; articles of, hardware. oil". this page'and write them out in tlie space opposite the
¦'•proper ' corresponding for 'the : purposed in ; the coupon on this • page, as* per directions;
till in the c6iif>on with tyoiir name a"nd : address -Vnd the prize .you desire— -if jou win — arid -scud -the cou-;
'pbn to : tlic ' EDlTpR-X)!^ THE NAME f PUZZLE ) PJLtJE, Siiriday Call, ; San Francisco, Cal.
RE31EMBER-rTd the FIRST OXK HUNDRED AND FIFTY BOYS AND GrULS who solve the eight
pu^les cbwctly^oneof 'Uicse ONE HUND
Ahd : ;do"irt; forset ; this 'next -.point, ; because it la i very hnpbrtant: ALL ANSWERS MUST KEAC11 THIS •
OFFICE; BY > FRIDAY XOOX. . gives all those in the country"; an' equal . diailce to j compete. . , Read
everytlilng;'on tlil3*page,,to , bo, sure, that you overlook :.notlUns^Tliiit\\vHI.iiclp;-yoii;-to win a prize.
THE NAMES OF VTIIE . LUCKY t WINNERS \\V1LL BE PUliLlSUED ; IN T11E SUNDAY • CALL TWO
WEEKS FROSl' TO-DAY,. November i3.;' " ¦ " .'.".-'- ." - : •
"J2 Tliese. are "the TWENTY.' BEAUTIFUL, BOOKS, from which you may choose if yen solve all the pui«
ties' correctly:; ;:_¦'¦- •'.":"¦':',.:•-': ¦'':'¦';"'¦ '¦'','"': ." ; '.:V ¦'."/.-•"''•' --V ¦T" : -- .-' : -'''"¦ ' ' "¦' ; "V^K- V ¦'.--¦"''- ¦ ¦
• Ten Genia ' From " Kipling; , Beautiful Joe, by. Satinders ; Black . Rock, .by. Conner ; Abbe Constantiri, by
>Haievy; A Fine SVaStb^
¦gVahani;;Imitetlon;of.*ciir|st,vby^
derland; by!l«\v^'Cariwll^Blaclf^Bcaut3%:by, Sewell;fLittIeLamc^ Princci by; Sketch . Book,--; by
.Washington " Irving'; V AVIridow ' hi ' £ Thriinisi i by" Banie; vTom. -Brown's ' Sch ool Days, - by, ; Hughes ; >- Evangeline,
by; IibngfelloW; ; 6ld • Christnias/ by • Irving; * Lady j of .the "i Lake, byiTcnii} son ; i Bryant's ' Poehis '; ' Treasure * Isl-'
and, by Stcveiison.. '.''-.''•¦. ; [ i'.-[ \ .:.'¦ J : y.\ iv v-v *<' : /"-' r "¦' ¦ '¦' ¦ ' .-' : '- '} " ¦ '•'¦ -
THESE are the names of the
lucky prize winners in the
names of articles of furniture
puzzles in The Sunday Call of
October 16, the answers last week be
ing for the names of provisions:
Frank Kitson, 77 Cumberland street,
Ean Francisco; Alice Magary, 919 Va
lencia street, San Francisco; Lorene
Mellon, 379 Alcatraz avenue, Oakland;
Claribel Green,- 482 Frederick street,
San Francisco; Mabel And rain, Burl
iagame; Henrietta. Israel, 312% Fulton
street, San Francisco; George 'Thom
son, 632 Gough street, San Francisco;
Harry Segelke. 1507 Buchanan
street, San Francisco; Maggie Curtis.
1616 Masonic avenue, San Francisco;
Esther Scott, Santa Rosa; Hiram
Prather, Sulsun; Percy McGuire, 903
Treat avenue, San Francisco; Dorothy
Taber, 15 77 Oak street, San Francisco;
Dorothy. ' Segelke. 1507 Buchanan
street, San Francisco; Philip Reitz, 511
.Waller 'street, San Francisco; Ethel
Trekell. 2669 Tenth street, Oakland;
Mary Brownlie, Vallejo; # Colln Camp
bell,'2751 Bryant street, San Francis
co; Bernadlne Brul, Corning; Vera
Banks, 111B Franklin street, San
Francisco; Edward Tunger, Sacramen
to; -Flora Senf, Sacramento; May Rick
ard. Sacramento; Carleton Katzen- ¦
stein, Sacramento; Freddie Mulligan,
8C29 Seventeenth street, San Francis
co; Irene Rickard, Sacramento; Clif
ford Langford, San Rafael; Thelma
Elevens,- 219- Twenty-seventh street,
S*h\ Francisco; • Lucile Matignon,
Berkeley; Hilda Peterson, 3520 Twen
ty-first street, San Francisco; Elvera
Heos, 1674 Twelfth street, Oakland;
Maud Staekl, 265 Eighth- street, Oak
land; Lloyd Cobbledick, 1001 Fourth
avenue, Oakland; Floyd '"Walters, 1661
Oak> street, San Francisco; Lil
lian McBurnie, Alameda; Miriam
Alvords, Vallejo; Anita Edg
comb, 1687 Valdez street, Oakland;
James Shea, Pasadena; Marguerite
M^cLane. Fresno; Arthur Guenger, Los
Angeles; Jack Cushing, Martinez;
Edna McLoughlln, Sacramento; Ruth
Dewey, 1525 Scott street. San Fran
cisco; Robert Younger, Sacramento;
Louis Xorvall, Sacramento; Mildred
Gorham, Vallejo; Eva Contell. Sac
ramento; E. B- Hussey, Vallejo; Jes
ele Gee. Vallejo: Fred Beresford.
Sacramento; Minnie Miller, 1025
Greenwich street, San Francisco; Ag
nes Baun, 968 Dolores street, San
Francisco; Frank Huff aker, Fruitvale; '
E. Bert. ' 352_ Michigan street; San
Francisco; Neal • McGettigan, 823 Fell
street, San Francisco; Mildred
Smith, 879" Eddy street, San Fran
cisco; • R. Park. 156 Tehama street,
Ean Francisco; Marguerite Caler, 373!*
Seventeenth street,; San Francisco;'
Henry Meyer, .'237 Minna street, . San
Francisco; H. G. Hackmann, 504
Howard street, San Francisco; Elmer
Short, 1538. Forty-eighth; street. San
Francisco: Margaret "Williams, Ala
meda; Mamie Smith, 5ft Utah
TSnese Are
tiie ILtacfey
ISO Prize
WiEmers .
in ih<e Puzzle
Contest
October 16
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO :, SUNDAY iCALL.
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to I
the Puzzle Editor, j
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Pnzzle Editor. Snndar OH |
San Francisco: j
Below In their proper nnm- <
hers please flnd my solution of \
the hardware terms in this \
week's puzzles: jV0-v i
X ••••......»...... ~~i+ « v, ....»..<
* ••• ••••••••••...••»•».<
3 .....r..J. |
4 <
5 ••••••••¦•¦••'¦•••••*,», i j>», M> ,..;
; • 1 |
• t
7 «»-»¦*» »'-~* ------ -T n«»i»« *
3 - -- - ¦ i i i ¦ ¦ i iit-ii. w w ,.iiii ,;
October 30, 1904. j
Name ..^ •••• M ».J
.Street or.'P* O. •»••.....,...»,,
C»~»»^ -•-• » MJUM^^^^iAa ' ..
'jy \ -— »^^r^^wtw^w^p^k •»
: If I win I choose for prix*no_textno_textno_textno_textPOPULAR iBRITISHt SOLDIERy HERO 'AND HIS' SISTER.
* PARIS, Oct." 29.^-La Presse . gives de
tails I of : a "school' of j physical^develop
ment f or'jthe^ Intellectual \ young ' misses
of 'the Quartier : StI 'Bartholomew: ' To
belorig/tolthls^iass'o"ne'must _'.be -more
than 4 and 'less than '40 years jbld,; must
wear a * bathing suit * and^'a . skull cap,
and none is received unless she Is a mil
lionairess f, in ¦ her' own , right or the
daughter of a millionaire.
Must • Have 'a ; Million ' to : Join.
Therefore, he ' argues, the ; greater the
number of spots in the sun the 'greater
their cooling influenc^aSISJnjj
On the contrary, he says the effect of
the spots Is. to ."lower, the temperature,
and' this Is 'proved by the fact that a
spot emits only a little more than half
the heat given'out by the adjacent.pho
tosphere. ,
PARIS, Oct. 29.— M.* Nordmann. tha
astronomer attached to 'the Nice" Ob*
servatory. has come to the ¦ conclusion
that,* contrary to the received opinion,
the' spots on . the sun are neither an in
dication nor a cause of extreme heat-'
San Spots Lower Temperature.
the entire establishment, -bores the vis
itors,^ interrupts '^ conversation [at]f tabfe
d'hote, V orders r the \ waiters \ about V and
generally ;.' conducts Itself In such Tatfash-"
ion ': as to fill . every TEngiishman^and
Ejiglishwoni anTwlth* an' intense I longing
to take "itjdut ;'Md'&ye^t:argo_b^,^ourri'd, >
nursery^panidng/.^it.is'jperfectlylnion
strous i that-jthese", ilUbehayed^unchi'ld-,
like children: should ; b'e •. allowed «to ; ren-
; der the -visits [of < other^ people ¦ in) hotels
intolerable,' " and if 'hotel*, i proprietors
have '; riot'fthe} sense"., to^make^rules^fqr
themselves *ji about \\ children •*, they ; R will
have s to; bei taught ¦ al severe j lesson^ The"
Engllsh^and^FrenchVchUd^is^
f ered a" nuisance f to/growni
ujps, > and why • then' stiouldj the 'tiresome;'
tfonsithis^would^hardly pay.- Mean
while, it is . interesting to note.^'desplte
theTassurance^ : that;the'' English 'child' ia
never.v suffered J to ; become a'., ."nuisance
grown-ups,", .so; strongly' do i British
object;to,hls presenceTu'ri
der-the same'rodf ? that' a , prodigious ari
"iiualC^allj goes" up , in .the about
tHel increasing i difficulty, experienced ,by
"plireiitK*wlth^chIldrenbbtalnirig'suItable
acpolnmodatlbns'.'.both'in' London,'- and at
lpopujar;summer^resorts^"J
can , bpyj is so"* thoroughly ; spoiled; - it'; is
'certainly / surprising|that,'l according i to
'English' testimony? heidevelops" Into the
, bestii and ''most iindulgent-i husband ?in
: the a worl dlV^And f the h popularity :*. of j the
"American "England-hardly ln
.dicatesUhatthef^characteriia'inJurioua-
,lyJaffectediJbVJth"e:lackiofj"good,*; sound
nursery, spankings" early,' in' life. .'
live; In the country, v'^
r _ KNOWS HABITS - OF HER BEES.
, Last year, the Baden-Powell bees gar
nered more than sixty pounds of honey,
which, was used either, in -the house
hold or given to friends. And so close
a study has Miss Baden-Powell made ot
her bees and the kinds of flowers they
affect, that as each bee'returns she can
tell whether it has been to Hyde Park,
the Green Park, or across ! the river to
Battersea Park, in quest V. of i supplies;.
No less striking , than the Baden Pow- :
ell apiary, however, is the aviary. "For t
if beehives in a bedr66m makV an' un-"
common sight, so does a tree; with; live
birds, on It in a hallway. One of the
flrst;thlngs ;that strike the eye /on en
tering 'the home of General .•; Baden-
Po jpell ' Is a' small ¦< potted fir .; tree,; about
the branches. of which hop seven :oi\
eight canary- birds. They. are absolute
ly free," arid; fly 'about the hall; at will,
sticking to the tree . for the most part,*
however.,. . , r /¦
"B.^P.'s" bedroom, in which; the bust
of Captain Smith-still stands on; its tri-'
pod, '. proved, ] as might have : been "ex
pected, ; to. be an 'apartment -of Spartan
plainness. '¦'. A ". portrait V of -?. tlie ¦¦ soldier's
mother stood bri" his whileYon
the - walls\were 'several old > prints ' Illus
trating^ the? sport" of .//pig-sticking," Vof
which; Baden-Powell is : 'especially.,! fond,''
and about which he has /written " a'bbbk; ;
but ' there : .were '.*¦ ho ' other^ decbratioris.*
: "B.^-P.'s".' interest \ in? his ' great 'juices^;
tor • Is Vshown - by •¦ the } presence^'on?; his
walls lof : a 1 splendid steel ; engraving] of
'Captain;; John Smith' 7 and also a picture
¦ of - : Pocahontas. ' * On : ; ; ttievf table,': too,
among | other.: historical Vwbrks,^ is V Cap
; tain' Smith's ; autobiography ;S On*; th e ffly
leaf^isvwrttten'iithei; owner's
jf'R. ; S.' ; S. ' Baden-Powell,"4 and '.this i quo-.
tation,7" "When 'jlGo& : ."'.< has ;i ; something
harder. than >usual to^do \ he-.' tells. : ; an
Engliahman'to doit.'' ' ; : .' *v ; / : v
It is doubtful if there is a more in
teresting house In London than.. that
of the Badeh-Poweils at 82 Princess
Gate, Hyde Park— only a stone's throw
from the two mansions that; J. Pier
pont Morgan recently made Into one
to house his art treasures — or ' a more
interesting family > than that of which
the hero of Maf eking is a member. ""B.-
P.'s" collection of trophies, which the
dwelling contains, alone "would make It
unique among. London residences, but
it also shelters many of the works, of
Baden-Powell's brother, who Is a painty
er of distinction, the belongings of his
mother, who is an amateur astronomer,
and those of his sister, who keeps bees
there on quite . an extensive and ". alto
gether novel scale."'
Bees , always have interested Miss
Baden- Powell and it was when, about
fifteen , years . . o, Sir - Benjamin Brodle
offered a , swarm of to ; her, that
she determined to try. to keep 'them at
the family's . ¦< London » house. ' Having
their hives in the drawing- room* was an
afterthought— worthy at a Baden- Pow-"
ell. - It must not be supposed, ; towever.
that" the bees were loose' in the drawf
ing-rbo'm. .The past ; tense ¦ Is I used • in
this connection , . because, . ' at : Princess
Gate,' MIssV: Baden-Powell .has. these
queer of hers , in ¦ tier own/apart
ment.., They occupied < the fdrawing
room of the] family's other house. ..*The
wall * of '.this - ; house i was ) pieVced '¦ by/ i a
hollow- metal . tube,", which \ connected ] th e
hives ; with , : outside / world ''anid
through'^ this ; the ', insects ; passed \ out in
quest ' of \ honey' and , in ' againlwith" thVir.
loads: ; \- They I got. ; and G still / getl 'their
honey. In the many[London parks and,
morning Is his favorite time for any
special task,. like this bust that he has
on hand.
would profit by giving him a free hand,
despite the shining object lesson in the
superiority lot ' American methods af
forded by the "tupenny tube." 'j He has
a" pious partner: in* Mr. ; Perks, M. P., a
leading light^of 'the^Methodlst church,
'who r has 'solved tL '"problem' of making
lots of ¦ money . r arid at ; the ] same timp
reading tils; "title/ clear to. mansions in
, the : skies." But; the ' latter} Is' ; a ; ques
tion that does not seem"_ to '. trouble Mr.
¦.Terkes «' much ''as yet.
, LONDON, Oct. 29.— Charles T.Yerkes.
the erstwhile Chicago street- railway
magnate, who has undertaken to solve'
London's traffic problems, so" far as
British officialdom and . old f ogyism
will let him, is> among the first to lease
one of the dainty suites, attached to
the enlarged Savoy Hotel. Thus he
obtains what . London has not before
afforded . him— the seclusion of_ a self
contained flat with a j private office
attached and all the luxuries of a first
class hotel at his command. Hereto
fore he has lived at various hotels, but
has found" none of -them . satisfactory.
Mr. Terkes says that • he prefers : en
gaging In; the rapid transit business In
London to the conduct ' ' of similar ; en
terprises ; in America. . - And he frankly
states that the reason for his preference
is that he does not find if necessary
here to maintain = an ; expensive -lobby
staff and incidentally sully his ¦' ; con
science by wholesale bribery and cor
ruption. Also : it enables him to figure
on his " profits ' with greater certainty
and assurance. ' And ; he hasn't to . do
so much "sitting up nights to devise
ways and means of getting ahead of his
rivals. What bothers , him" , most, ' he
says, is the , stupidity and . slowness ¦ of
British legislators *, who cannot ' be
brought to conceive how much the city
Street Railway^Kinff Says Bribery, and
. Corruption "Are Not Necessities
. . in British Capital.
. LONDON, .Oct. 29.— Mrs. Adair has
been entertaining at Glenveigh Castle,
her place In Ireland, one of the most
interesting personalities that has visit
ed England for many years. She la
the chief tainess of * the great Maori
tribes who was deputed to present the
compliments of her people to the
Prince .and Princess of Wales when
they visited New i Zealand a year or
two ago. The Princess Alfrini. as
the Maori lady is known in her own
country, Is married to an Irishman
named Donnelly, who emigrated - to
New Zealand many years ago. but sha
has a very, high opinion of her own
importance and considers that she
confers : an honor , on • Mrs. Adalr by
becoming her guest during the Irish
season.
It ia now freely admitted that the
American society women, with Mrs.
Adalr as. their leader, are doing much
to popularize Ireland as a tourist re
sort., This season Lady Barrymore,
Lady Donoughmore and the Duchess
of Manchester have been entertaining
a considerable number of wealthy
American people at their respective
places in Ireland.' Poverty-stricken
Donegal has benefited most' in conse
quence of the activities of Mrs. Adair
and -her friends. Boating, fishing,
shooting and hunting have been fol
lowed with increased interest,' and the
locality will . be the richer "by some
thousands of dollars. Lady Barry
more's party are doing Killarney, and
the river Blackwater Is close to her
residence In County Cork and
supplies excellent fishing for her and
her friends.-
Mrs. Adalr Entertains Many Distin
guished Travelers at Glenveirf* Cas
tle—Latest Guest a Princess.
j/ In i South v Africa the natives nick
named Baden-Powell "The Wolf That
The making of this bust of Captain
EmiUi Is the most ambitious thing in
the sculpturing line \ that "B. P.*' ever
has undertaken. He models rapidly, as
he does everything else, and the Smith
bust, detailed as it is, has taken him
only a little more than- a month to
make. Incidentally, every, bit of work
that "B. P." has expended upon it has
been done between the hours of 4 and 7
o'clock in the morning. .
THE EARLY J BIRD.
But the chief difficulty was the fact
that there are so few authentic port
raits of Captain Smith. Some were in
the possession of Baden-Powell's fam
ily, but better ones, the general learned,
¦were owned by Americans, and after
correspondence ', he succeeded In bor
rowing some of these and getting a
good deal of valuable data besides.
So. with nothing but these various
prints and certain scientific and math
ematical calculations of his own. Gen
eral Baden-Powell commenced a work
which professional sculptors who have
seen It declare to.be good.
"B.-P." is descended, from Captain
Smith on his mother's side. She was
a "Smythe." and her father. Admiral
Smythe, came down In a direct; line
from the doughty colonizer whose life
Pocahnntas was reputed to have saved.
The task of making a bust of Cap
tain John Smith was a difficult one in
many ways, a fact that probably made
It additionally attractive to Baden-
Powell. To begin with, as the general
remarked when discussing the subject,
there was the question of expression.
"You see, he was a soldier, a sailor
and an administrator," said "B-P.,"
"and it's rather hard to give hints pt
those three different callings in one
lace." '
the British army, and has figured in
es many adventure* and hairbreadth
•scapes as did . even his great-great-
Captain John
fimlth. Besides his fame as a soldier
lie is an excellent draughtsman, paints
well, is noted as a hunter of big game,
plays a variety of musical instruments,
•writes and has renown as an amateur
actor. Furthermore he has no mean
ekill as a sculptor, so when he dis
covered not long ago that no bust ex
isted of his famous ancestor "B.-P."
resolved to make one.
A DIFFICULT TASK.
MAKING IRELAND POPULAR
AS A TOURIST RESORT
YERKES PREFERS LONDON
TO CHICAGO FOR BUSINESS
LONDON, Oct. 29.— English curio
dealers have discovered a clever method
of enhancing their profits by stimulat
ing competition between Lord Iveach.
the wealthy " Dublin "brewer, and J.
Pierpont 'Morgan. Both are notorious
ly good judges, and great buyers of
such articles, and the dealers usually
obtain a higher price from them than
from any of their ottter customers. It
is a common trick In the trade to clay
one man against the other when any
rare or . interesting specimen in an
tique, furniture or old tapestry is on
the market. The dealers will, in a con
fidential way, ; offer the article to Mr.
Morgan, assuring ', him that there is
very little doubt Lord Iveagh would
snap it up immediately it was submit
ted to him. "At the same time a com
munication identical in tone is sent to
Lord Iveagh advising* him to secure
the rare, specimen before" it is offered
to Mr. . Morgan. Patriotic considera
tions, they state, always prompt the
dealers when ' offering articles . to Lord
IveaghT. while Mr. Morgan is assured
that his generous patronage of .their
establishment cannot really be f orebt-
An hour - afterward Mr. Morgan re
turned and was told that Lord Iveagh
had made an offer v and 'was comlnsc
again that evening. Mr. Morgan had
the articles packed immediately, paid
his check and departed. .
ten when a good article is groin? cheap.
There is no doubt about it the meth
od has succeeded in causing the mil*
lionaires to compete keenly with each
other when a -really genuine article is
to be secured. One day the two men
happened to be In a well known curio
dealer's place in Bond street at the
Fame hour. They were not aware of
each other's identity, although the rep
utation of the one as a 'Judge of bric-a
brac was well known to the other. Mr.
Morgan left without, making a pur
chase, and when he had gone the dealer
handed down several articles to Lord
Iveagh for Inspection, informing him
at the same time that they had been
seen by Mr. Morgan, "the gentleman
who has just gone out." Lord Iveagh
eyed the dealer • keenly and remarked
that If they had been worth purchas
ing at the price asked Mr. Morgan
would not have left them behind. Lord
Iveagh would not m-'-<> an offer and
left the shop. too.
Keep Pierpont Morgan and Lord
Iveagh Busy Bidding.
BRITISH CURIO
DEALERS OUTWIT
MEN OF WEALTH
LONDON. Oct. 23.— Captain John
fSmlth, hero of the Pocahontas yarn
and of many another adventure quite
as exciting and better substantiated,
has a direct descendant living In Eng
land, who Is xrfre famous to-day than
the doughty captain was when he set
out for that memorable trip to Vir
«3nla three hundred years ago. The
descendant is none other than General
R. S- Baden-Pywell, over whose suc
cessful defense Maf eking John Bull
iwas bo excited that he threw dignity
to the winds and danced hornpipes in
the Strand.
Now B. P.— for that other "B. P.."
the British public, always refers to
Baden-Powell affectionately by his In
itials—is an astonishing sort of man.
Next to Major F. R. Burnham, who has
now returned home to the United
States, he is perhaps the best scout in
Never Sleeps." The general does slum
ber occasionally, but it is a good many
years since he has ' allowed . himself
mor,e than five hours' rest out "of the
twenty-four and the early hours of the
perhaps on account of the lack of com- .
petition, Miss Baden-Powell's bees
have from the first produced a lot more
of this delectable substance than in
sects belonging to friends of. hers who
LONDON. Oct. 29.— In this savage
fashion a London weekly paper devoted
to the feminine social elect assails the
American child: "Not. without reason,
it is to be feared, complaints have been
made in various hotels, both in the
United Kingdom and on the Continent,
of the American child, who . pervades
spoiled little American be regarded ag a
'chartered libertine'?"
. Just how the hotel proprietors are to
be taught the "severe lesson" *is< not
clear. Presumably, under penalty of
boycotting. them "unless they. adopt as a
rule of their establishment "No Ameri
can children allowed.'* As American
families are notoriously their best pa-
Has Sister, Who Keeps Bees in Her Bedroom and Sells
Honey, the Best in London, to the Smart Set. \
Calls H rm ''Chartered L.ibertme
MAKES A BUST OP THE COLONIZER Of VIRGINIA
English Journalist Longs to
Spank American Child.
HERO OF MAFEKING
A CLEVER SCULPTOR
ASSAILS THE YANKEE YOUNGSTER
RADEN POWELL THE BRITISH GENERAL IS DIRECTLY DESCENDED FROM
CAPTAIN JOHN SMITH AND LIKE HIS ANCESTOR IS A FAMOUS SCOUT
Pages 17 to 24
mmm
SAN FRANCISCO, ; SUNDAY; i OCTOBER ; 30, ; 1904;' The ..Past; Presidents'^ Association; of
the ,- Native ' Daughters '" of 'the ' ; Golden
Native Daughters.
State Organizer. Peter j P. Gilroy -will
shortly: visit all the; carnpsj lnl Sorioma
yalley/arid then pay r vi8its to the camps
In Southern , California. . , /,
. The/flrst grand ball of the ; Uniform
Rank of : Haven ; Cairip, in ,the main hall
of r the Pioneer *. building/-! October ; 13,
Woodmen of 'the World.
Calumet Council of the Degree of Po
cahontas [adopted V a* number of ' candi
dates '.-, at ; its ' last "held
council Twill* In/ all probability meet in
Scandia] HalL|* .£ : /
k\ Calumet \Trtbe ' on ; the ', secorid " Satur
day * in \ October/ gave : a : grand 'ball : in
.; " Manitou' Tribe of the Improved ; Order
of Red Men'will have , an "at j home" 'for
its] members Veind | lady,; friends '{ In;- Bald
Eagle Hall," Red Men's 'building, Ooto
ber.Jl.; / . ¦/' ':'''."' : " .
Improved Red Men.
' /Court Hartford of 5 Vallejo is making
elaborate preparations "• for ; the cele
bration of . the tenth anrii versary of • its
institution,; which falls "on/October 29.
Court Twin Peaks on'October 19 en
tertained-the > membership" "of Court
¦"'The executive/ board has offered a
magnificent American flag to any court
of the Jurisdiction that shall, on or be
fore the 1st of , next January, make an
increase of 10 • per cent . of its present
membership. ,. /
.The 'members of the various courts
of the Ancient* Order of Foresters in
the 1 Sari Joaquin Valley, had a picnic at
StocktonMast at ; which there
was a very large/ attendance.' In ad
dition: to /the games/dancing and en
tertainment,- there was ; an' oration by
High Chief. Ranger Sanford, with re
marks by the secretary of the execu
tive board ' arid the permanent secre
tary.
Ancient Order Foresters!
High Chief Ranger Stewart ¦ of the
High Court of California, " the title
which goes with the/original charter
to the- northern part of the State," is
preparing a circular to be sent to each
of the courts in the jurisdiction. It
will set forth i his 'ideas for work/dur
ing the: current term. As the new '
high chief ranger Is an energetic man,
who feels a deep interest in. fraternal-
Ism . and the Independent*.. Forest
ers in particular, , the membership will
undoubtedly/receive; a / circular/ that
will spur'it'on to activity. He Is also
preparing [ a v list of deputy/ high chief
rangers to be" ready week.'
- The /charter of the High Court of
California, booKs*,' \ papers '' arid 'docu
ments/as well as supplies, have/ been
Dr. OronhyateSha, the supreme chief
of the Independent Order of Foresters,
having accomplished the objects of his
,visit to California, namely, : the di
vision of the. State into; two Jurisdic
tions, returned to his home in Toronto,
Canada, last week.
Independent Foresters.
It is now accounted a disgrace for
any Japanese of any class to retain any
articles of gold. All have been sent to
the treasury to be converted Into coi*
for the Emperor.
Last week there were present In St.
Teresa Hall a large number of the
friends of Young Ladles' Institute No.
20 to witness the christening of that
subordinate by Past President Miss
May Stein, who had been invited to
officiate. She named It St. Teresa.
During the evenin^Mrs. Mary Kaunltz
was presented with a beautiful dia
mond ring, appropriately inscribed, in
appreciation, of the fact that she had
presented and had initiated into the in
stitute the largest number of candi
dates ever presented to a subordinate
of that order, the presentation being
made by the past grand president.
Pretty souvenir spoons were then pre
sented to Past Grand Presidents May
Stein and Lizzie Terry and to Mlsa C.
Baxter, president of the Institute. This
was followed by an entertainment, the
several numbers being contributed by
Miss' Alice Conway, Miss Sadie
Kaunltz, the Misses Annie and May
Flanriagan. trie Mlst>es Jennie and May
Qulnn. Miss Rene Foley. Mrs. C. Troy
and Miss Kvaline Gannon. There were
also remarks by Rev. Fathers O'Con
riell and;3ulllvan/ This was followed
by the serving of a delightful repast
in the banquet hall.
One of the most attractive personages
at the reception given to the grand of
ficers of and representatives to the
Grand . Chapter in the ' Palace on the'
first night of the recent "session was
Mrs. May Helen, wife of ; Past Worthy,
Patron George William Henry/ Patter-
Bo'n, of Ivy;Chapter. This lady,' who
had been . grand Esther, Is pleasantly
remembered In the : order , as .' worthy
matron of -Ivy Chapter, who during the
time she presided gave •. the ¦' chapter a
most brilliant year. It was a year, noted
for excellent ritualistic work by, a > Bet
of officers who, . having, been * selected
from the brightest members, / were
trained to perfection. During that year!
the chapter -was 'known as one of ; the
most prosperous and dignified ;/ in the
Jurisdiction. . The : charming individual
ity of ' Mrs. - Patterson; and . her = natural,
pleasing and easy manner made itself
manifest at all of the social functions
given during h«r incumbency and; en
deared her to all who -had the pleasure
of meeting her. _ The ; social 'and
clal standing of the chapter during her
term" marks a bright /page i In/, the his
tory' of that well-known] subordinate:?;
' ' On the -evening of - Novmeber j 9 "; Mis
sion Chapter, will, give," Its /eighth /an
nual reception arid dance f in £ Golden
Gate - Hall. Arrangements t have been
mode for. an enjoyable evening. '
Young Ladies* Institute.
The Eastern Star.
Aurora Lodge gave a "ghost party"
in Scandia Hall last week, which was
attended by many of the members and
their friends. There was a well-bal
anced programme of dances arranged
by Miss Lena C. Moors, organizer foi
the lodge.
San Francisco Lodge of the Fra
ternal Brotherhood gave an en
tertainment and ball in its lodge room
in the quarters of the Fraternal Order
of Eagles on October 18. At the last
held meeting of this lodge there were
ten candidates for Initiation and sev
enteen applications.
' All of the local lodges are making
arrangements for social evenings dur
ing the current month. s
Aurora Lodge will have a ghost
party in Scandia Hall next Wednesday.
Columbia Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood had a pleasant evening in
its hall after the routine of business,
and an entertaining programme was
presented. The feature of the evening
was a piano trio by the Misses Brock-'
hoff, Koning and Kraker.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
All delegates from San Francisco to
the Grand Aerie of the Fraternal Or
der of Eagles have returned, and re
port that there was not much done at
the session in the way of legislation,
as there was no occasion for such. The
next session of the Grand Aerie will
be held In Denver, Col. The reports
presented during the session show that
the order, now numbers 145,615, a net
gain of 6976 having been made during
the past year.' The amount of money
on hand was, at the close of. the ses
sion, in excess of 180,000, which * will
permit the reduction of the per capita
tax to 20 cents.
Henry Lyons has presented to San
Francisco Aerie a large 1 stuffed eagle,
with which to -'decorate . the ' meeting
place. At the last held meeting of
this subordinate there was a* class of
forty-five to Initiate. It is expected
that ~by ! the first meeting in November
this aerie will ' have ' a- membership of
1000.
Fraternal Eagles.
The" death, of, Mrs.; Tina L?Karie at
Ventura last week is the first in the line
of those who have been grand officers
of the . N. D. G. , W. ' She was the flret
grand president,' haying been elected to
that; position from- -Ursula Parlor in
1687, and was always honored in", trie or
der for her ¦ loyalty; and Integrity^and
admired by all .for " her- educational
qualities and kindly ; disposition." V'
. : Stacy A. . Slipner," a "".•' past ' offlcer^of
Imogene Parlor j>f Loyaltori, ' has: taken
an /active part * In the affairs of
order, > both -in ]¦ her parlor and -in the
Grarid;Parlor. She; has proved ; herself,
as orie of : her .• admirers ? has /expressed
it, ."a ¦ Native . Daughter; ; who t has ; won
the •esteem of r all : and is always ;ready
to stand for the best Interests arid ad
vancement fof the order." > :
The grand president will visit- Darina
Parlor November 14/ Calaveras on the
15th arid Buena Vista on the 17th. f
' .The" new banners intended for the
use »of ' the subordinate parlors have
been 1 completed and are now .ready for
distribution.
Las Tarrosas Parlor had a very pleas
ant entertainment and dance in the Red
Men's building last week. . There was a
good programme of vaudeville nurn
bers, together with . a well-aranged one
of . dances, and many people to enjoy
both. : • *
West, whi^h had been under considera
tion for. a number of months, has been
effected. , After organization it was -in
corporated arid the following temporary
officers were chosen: Leah' Magner
Williams, past president of Sans. Souci
Parlor, president; Anna F. Lacy of Las
Lomas Parlor, grand trustee, vice pres
ident; Minnie F. Dobbin of Sans Souci
Parlor, secretary; Emma Gruber Foley,
Orinda Parlor, grand treasurer, treas
urer; Genevieve W. Baker of Buena
Vista Parlor, past grand president;
Jennie M. Greene of Buena Vista Par-,
lor, Julia A. Steinbach of Alt a Parlor,
Mary Mooney of Sans Souci Parlor and
Siddie P. Daggett of Las Lomas Parlor,
directors. Of the present board of
grand officers of the order the folio wing~
hold ' membership . In the new organiza
tion:; Grand President Ella E". Camin
etti^of Ursula. Parlor, Grand Secretary
Laura J. Frakes of Amapola Parlor,
Grand Treasurer; Emma Gruber Foley
or Orinda Parlor ami Grand Trustee
Anna F.' Lacy of Las Lomas Parler."
Prominent past grand officers are Gene
vieve Watson Baker of Buena Vista
Parlor, past grand :. president, \ and
Kathryne McGough of Darina Parlor,
past grand trustee. At the meeting
when the officers were elected there
were thirty-five past presidents pres
ent. < It is possible that' in the near fu
ture a beneficiary feature may be at
tached to the association. A comiriittee
on ritual and by-laws was appointed,
and it was decided to hold meetings In
Col ton. Hall, Pioneer building, on the
second -Friday of each month.
Sans Souci Parlor will give an enter
tainment and dance In Golden Gate
Hall on the evening of October 31. The
entertainment will be by professional
talent. ;
shipped from Los Angeles to this city,
and will be placed in" the new v office
here, which for the time being will be
in the Call Annex. As soon as every
thing moves easily under the new or
der of things an active campaign will
be opened throughout the- State and a
boom will be started in San Francisco.
The high standing, committee will
meet In this city this week and lay out
work for the order and attend to details
for the proper carrying out of business
under the new regime.
Miss Pauline Stewart, daughter of
High Chief Ranger G. Q. Stewart, a
member of Companion Court Golden
Gate, is one of the most conscientious
women to be found in the order. She
has since her induction into the Inde
pendent Order of "Foresters manifested
an interest in the affairs of the organi
zation that has seldom been equaled by
any one not placed In a commanding
position in the order/ She has made
herself familiar with all the details of
the organization, of the parent branch
as well as the ladies' branch, and in
the eighteen months she has acted as
assistant to her father in the office of
the deputy supreme high chief ranger
as clerk she has developed a love and
interest for Forestry that is unusual in
one of the gentler sex. It is probable,
in view of her knowledge of Forestry
and wonderful capacity for clerical
work, that she will be,chosen to act as
clerk for High Secretary O. K. Brown.
! The latest reports show the . surplus
of the Independent Order of Foresters
has reached the enormous sum - of $8,
013,849.
ACTIVE, WORKERS IN FRA
TERNAL CIRCLES OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
During^ the ; last week !¦ Mrs. .' Annie . M.
Bliss",' great;; Pocahontas, vvisited* Aleta
Council f at ; Crockett, % Minnehaha and
Ioka councils, at hValleJo and Mlnrie
tonkah'Council at Napa; .OriherLvIslts
to "VValle jo \ the -^great Pocahontas ', was
accofnpanled \ by ? Great \ Minnehaha • Ida
.Wheeler -arid ; at - Napa . -by . the "great
guard x of 'the [tepee, [ May ; ¦ Whlttehorrie.
:The 'masquerade* ball given in Native
Sons', Hall on the fourth • Friday in! Oc
tober by," Walla Walla .Trlbe'and Kah
weah > Council' was | an , enjoyable ' affair.
It 'was '= wellj managed and there 'were
many ; pretty .'and not .a " few 'grotesque
costumes' In line when ' the grand march
was started. ' r . " . • - '•
- Mohican Council . No. 42, Degree . of
Pocahontas, was forced ' by its rapid
increase in membership to seek larger
quarters. -.-It *has located- its tepee in
the Odd Fellows' building and has de
cided on_ the third'' Thursday In each
month as the regular adoption night.
The last .Thursday riighf of the month
will be devoted £0 social entertainment,
when all Red Men ana their friends
will be welcome to the Mohican tepee.
Much of the success this council is now
enjoying : Is due -to -.the energetic and
untiring ; work of the Pocahontas, Mrs.
Loreria ; O'Nell," and 'her example has
Inspired 7 the .other "chiefs ,tb renewed
efforts J for »the, advancement of the or
ganization. MIbs ; Mae ' B.' Griffith, , the
very popular 1 and- painstaking, deputy,
has . had : her merit ; recognized r- by the
Great Council, being reappointed ; as
deputy .for "the -' third ' term of - twelve
moons. She -was the organizer of ..the
council arid first and only deputy, up
to -date: /¦•¦"¦ : ' / P ':' ' ,. " ' ~f '" '/' •/ .-."
Great Representative John J. Bryan,
a member of Manzanita Tribe of the
parent order and of Manzanita 1 Council
of the; Degree of Pocahontas, Is on© of
the few men whose love for the two
branches of the order and ambition to
see each advance has won him a host
of friends. He is specially noted for the
logical and forcible ; manner in which
he presents' matters for the good of the
organization to either branch. At the
recent.; session of the Great Council of
the United States, to which he was a
representative for ' the first time, he
gave the people on the other side of the
Rockies evidence ¦ that he is a worker
and . that at the next • session of that
body he will make a mark that will be
creditable to the order and to the'reser
vation of California^ / ' .*-'
The tribe recently organized by George
Wheeler was Instituted byGreat Sachem
Davis, assisted by Great Chief of Rec
ords Bliss and many acting great chiefs,
in the encampment hall of the Odd Fel
lows', building. Ninety petitioners for
a charter were admitted on the night of
institution, and others who signed will
be adopted at a future council. George
Wheeler, the organizer, was chosen
sachem and John Bell chief of records.
Native Sons' Hall. The hall was com
fortably crowded by people fond of
dancing, and there was plenty of that,
for the programme was made up of
twelve regular numbers and four ex
tras. , The affair was admirably carried
on "under* the direction of J. I. Petrfe.
J. J. Murphy and G. Johnson of the
committee of arrangements, the first
two named being, respectively, floor
manager and assistant floor manager.
They, were assisted by the reception
committee — Dr. Charles Marcellus
Troppmann, H. C. Liss, J. D. Ralph, -H.
J. Wlllias, Daniel Teare and J. Gal
lagher. .*'
Matoaka Council had a very pleasant
"at home" in the Red Men's building
Oct6ber 15.
very clever bit of acting that was pro
ductive of much laughter. The pro
gramme was followed by the serving
of icecream and then dancing for two
hours. The performance by Dr. Cromp
ton was excellent, and was voted one
of the features of the programme. .
The fancy dress ball given by the
San Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps,
Captain Allie Parker, in the banquet
hall of the Odd Fellows' building was
a very enjoyable affair and was at
tended by a large number of the mem
bers and their friends. There was a
long programme of dances, and after
the march of characters Amy Webb
was awarded a prize for being the best
dressed lady. Thursey Barrett won a
prize for wearing the most original
costume and M. Bowen for the best
sustained character. W. Jones was
awarded a prize for being the best
dressed gentleman.
Odin, the new Swedish lodge, gave
its first entertainment in its hall last
veek, when there was presented a
varied programme of entertaining
numbers, addresses in English and
Swedish and an amusing sketch by
Henry W. Osthoff and his wife, who
are delightful comedians and keep an
audience m a roar as long as they' are
before it.
The executive committee of the or
der, which had charge of the arrange
ments for the Sovereign Grand Lodge,
closed up its affairs last week and ad
journed. The • committee and a num
ber of leading members of the order
gave a box party at the Majestic on
the last Friday In September.*, after
which all repaired to the St. Nicholas
for a banquet.
Golden Gate Lodge 0/ this city is
(reported in a very prosperous condi
tion, with its membership nearing the
200 mark. It is also reported prosper
ous from a financial standpoint. A
committee will soon be appointed to
arrange for a banquet for the members
of the lo^ge and their lady relatives
and friends.
The uniform rank of Golden Gate
Camp No. 64 ,will give a grand ball in
Mission Opera Hall. It "Is expected that
this will be one of the most attractive
affairs evtr given by. a team of the
rank/ '"
Last week Redwood Circle* of the
Woman of Woodcraft had a short busi
ness , "session, during which two
strangers were admitted to member
ship by Initiation and fourteen applica
tions were presented and accepted.
This was followed by an open meeting,
which* was changed Into a Halloween
party. .The hall was artistically deco
rated with pumpkin lanterns, pumpkin
vines," spider webs and apples tied to
strings pendent from the # webs. There
was a very large attendance and there
were a number of pleasing songs, reci
tations and short talks appropriate to
the occasion. Than there " was fortune
telling.7 games and dancing. The affair
was admirably managed by the com
mittee, composed of Neighbors Wilder,
Hoffman, Hatfleld, Moore, / Smith,
Balckall, McMahon, : Lena and Rose
Barclay and Fisher.
Last week. the officers of Redwood
Circle - assisted Deputy Mrs. - Steanart
to Install the officers of the new' circle
at ' San Lorenzo, and the work was
mo'st impressively done. After the in
stallation .the' visiting neighbors were
guests at an excellent banquet, at
which Mrs. Shlman presided. . .
On October IS the local circles of
Woodcraft and many of the members
of the camp^ of the Woodmen of the
World attended the grand campaign
ball/ given in Native Sons' Hall, which
was conducted under the supervision of
a committee of five from each 'circle,
assisted by each guardian neighbor. Of
this committee Mrs. A. F. McMahon
was the chairman arid General Organ
izer Bertha M. Summer vice chairman.
More than 500 persons were present and
a great deal of spirit and enthusiasm
w&s manifested during-' the evening. It
was a dressy affair and was in every
sense of the word a great success. A.
C. Nathan, an enthusiastic Woodman,
was the floor manager and the general
organizer was his assistant.
The hall of California Camp, W. O.
W., was crowded ! oh "October 24 by
members of the order assembled to wit
ness the dedication of a' beautiful new
stump for the camp. Laurance Vincent
delivered a touching parting ovation
over the old stump, he being surround
ed at the time by the officers of the
camp, attired In' blue Jeans and stand
ing on the chip-strewn floor. The ora
tion was so touching that It brought
tears to the e"yes of many of the chop
pers. Then the new stump was dedi
cated with a great deal of ceremony by
State Organizer P. F. Gilroy, who is
popularly known in the order as "Our
Gil," after which there was the pre
sentation by Neighbor Hansen of an
onyx paper-weight to David Oliver Jr.,
editor of the Pacific- Woodman; a
charm to Bert Craw and a souvenir to
Special Organizer Krumm, each* pres
ent bearing the emblems of the order
and being the handiwork of the donor.
After the presentations there ware
short talks by Judge Frank H. Kerri
gan, Joseph A. Wilso" Dave Mayers.
Neighbor Apple and many others, fol
lowed by the serving of a lunch and
refreshments.
ed the family night of Mission Camp
in Odd Fellows'^ building, October 12,
were: Miss Ltllis Phillips, songs; L.
Allegro's sextet, L. I. Fross, F. Pal
mer, C. ;W. Wlthycombe, H. Hoppe,
Miss A. Hucks and Miss E. Hoppe,
vocal selections, and Past Consul Com
mander McCabe with . an interesting
address on the work of the order.
After "the programme candy was dis
tributed to all the children and refresh
ments served to adults, after which
there was dancing' for two hours.
Grand Arch Droffiess Hetden, ms**.
ed by Grand Secretary Tbon£*lL
Grand First Bard McCottery. Grand
Past Arch Druidess Zazzi. Grand Ceo
ductress Ban man and oth*r grand oflW
cers, instituted Oermania Circle- In
the Shlels building last week with a
large number of charter members.
This clrcla win t».,-k In the Chrmao
language.
_ The order mourns tb» less* by Cssd
of Frank J. Horn,* who for many jrears
was the grand treasurer of tha onSsr
and whose funeral took place last Sun
day under tha auspices of tha Grand
Grove of California, assisted by Hes
perian Grove, the Past Arch Associa
tion, Hartnagle Chapter. Boadacia
Circle of Druldesses, Botoyome Tribe
of tha Improved Bad Men «*ni
Court Defiance, A. (X F. Nearly BOO
persons attended the funeral service
In Druids' Hall. Mr. Horn was a native
of Germany, 63 years of age, an ardent
fraternallst, a conscientious officer In
the position ot grand treasurer and a
good citizen. For thirty-two sears ha
was employed In the freight depart
ment of the. Southern Pacific Company.
He. leaves a widow and a number of
relatives.
The official visit of the noble grand
arch to Yosemite Grove waa a Tery
pleasant one. The hall was crowded
and It was decorated with many Ameri
can flags. -After an exemplification of
the work Dr. G. W. Sichel, the record
ing secretary, was highly commended
by Past Arch Kent, on behalf of the
grove, for the devotion he has shown
to the order and the grove, and he was
then presented with a valuable em
blematic gold charm. Then followed a
collation and refreshments and ad
dresses for the good of the ordar by
Noble Grand Arch Delegh. Grand Sec
retary Martlnonl, Grand Trustee Gio
vannini, M. H. Hernon. E. C Stock.
L. M. Fabbry. Deputy Grand Area
Antonovich, Past Arenas Murray.
Hagan, Dr. Leland, L. A. Wolff.
Wlldermuth, Menzer, T. Thornton,
Forest Coburn, Joe "Wolff, MoKerri,
Gomez, Gosch and Focardo. The grvv»
showed a net gain of eighteen. £nrtng
the term. 3
Each past noble grand arch has been
presented by the Grand Grove with a
beautiful collar of his rank In the
order, bearing the figures of the year In
which he served.
The noble grand arch, accompanied
by Deputy Grand Arch Antonovich and
the other officers who weie with him at
Manzanita Grove, visited Oakland
Grove and there was a pleasant meet-
Ing.
Supreme Arch James F. Martlnonl.
who Is a member of El Dorado Clrcla
of the Druldesses, was tendered a re
ception in Washington Square Hall In
honor of his elevation to the high
est office in the order. The hall
was crowded with members of
the order, and every clrcla In
the city was represented. During
the evening the guest was presented
with a set of diamond mounted cuff
buttons and there were addresses by
the recipient. Grand Arch Druidess
Heiden, Grand Secretary Thornhill and
many others, after which there was a
programme of entertainment and the
serving of refreshments.
The official visit to Manzanita. Grove
recently was marked by the presence
of the noble grand arch, grand secre
tary, Grand Trustee Gallagher and Al
ternate Representatives Georga- W.
Sichel. D. D. S., and D. Bammann.
Eleven candidates were initiated, and
all the grand officers had something to
say for the good of the order.
Druidism.
Sirce the recent parade of the order
in this city there has br-en unusual ac
tivity in all of the San Francisco
l<rdgcs of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows. Every one has had some work
in the initiatory, line and a number of
applications are presented at each
meeting.
Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, secretary of
the California Assembly of Rebekahs,
recently visited Arroyo Grande and
Paso Roble*, where she held a
Fthool of instruction at each place
and also had a district meeting. At each
place thore was a large attendance of
th* officers and members of the
ledges In the district and much
Information was imparted to those who
wanted to be informed as to work of
the order and law. At Arroyo Grande
the work was put on by a full team of
twenty-two and it was presented in a
most perfect manner, each officer who
had a speaking part carrying out the
intent of the author of the ritual to the
letter. "It was," said one who witness
ed it. "the most beautiful work I have
seen outside of a San Francisco lodge
room, and I have seen the work done in
many places outside of the metropolis."
A^ each place visited there was a-ban
quet at which everything that could
tempt the appetite was placed befwre
those who sat at the table. The dec
orations were also grand.
In the latter part of the week the
secretary of the assembly attended a
business- meeting at the Orphans'
Home In Gilroy.
President Mrs. Dora L. Gardner an
nounces the following official visits for
next month:
November 8, Sacramento Rebekah
Lodge, Sacramento; November 9, Min
erva, Roseville; November 11« Moun
tain Rose, Rough and Ready; Novem
ber 12, Esther, Grass Valley; Novem
ber 15. Navajo, Forest Hill; November
16. Sunshine, Newcastle; November 18,
Fedora, Folsom: November 19. Pleas
ant Grove, Pleasant Grove; November
21, Leona, Plsferville; November 22,
Georgetown, Georgetown; November
.23. Chrysolite, Diamond Springs; No
vember 24. Capital City. Sacramento.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge, recognizing
kindness shown to it on many occa
sions by Apollo Lodge, on the first
Monday in October entertained the
membership of that body in its
lodge room. It was a sort of Jollifica
tion, for each of these lodges won the
first prize for the best display made in
the recent parade in this city. The
hall, which was beautifully decorated
in yellow, was crowded, and during the
evening there was a programme of en
tertainment after the visiting lodge had
been welcomed by Tillie Craig.- the no
ble grand. Those who contributed to
the pleasure of the evening were Miss
Edora Smith, Mrs. Richardson, Mr.
Wilson, the Misses Harris, N. Macphee
end Miss Barclay. H. D. Saville of
Apollo, who during the parade was
marshal of the dl%-ieion in which were
Apollo and Lpyal, was, in . recognition
of services rendered to Loyal, given a
gold-handled umbrella for use during
the rainy season. The presentation was
followed .by dancing and refreshments.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge No. 90 of
the Rebekahs will give an entertain
ment and dance In the Memorial Hall
of the Odd Fellows* building on the
night of November 2. An'actlve com
mittee has charge of the matter and
It expects to make this affair one of
the most delightful that has ever been
given by this enterprising lodge. The
committee will be assisted by Noble
Grand Louett Dletz.- This lodge, which
Is in a prosperous condition, at lta
last meeting Initiated several candi
dates in a most creditable manner.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge recently
had a very pleasant iiarty and the
feature was the offering of a prize for
the best head dress and one for the
most unique one. The first was award
ed to Thursey Barrett and the seoond
to Pearl* Bowen. The affair was un
der the direction of Myrtle Carberry,
V. O.; I* Perry. Mist Smith, Tillie
Craig, P. N. O., and Messrs. Spencer
and Taylor.:
The open meeting given by Jubilee
Lodge last week was well attended
and under the supervision of Gabrielle
Gress. Mrs. Richardson and Mrs.
Quintero. H. K. Wolff and Dr. Arbo
gaat there was presented a pleasing
programme of music, songs and reci
tations, the most striking feature be
ing recitations, pathetic and comic, by
Blanche Bouvler, one of the most elo
quent reciters who has' ever appeared
before a fraternal audience. The
others who entertained were E. R.
Moss, Dr. Arbogast, Lizzie Stan ton
and Harry K. Wolff. The serving of
refreshments and dancing followed.
Fidelity Lodge had a jollification
rneeting In celebration of having won'a
prize during the parade while the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge was in session.
Under the direction of the committee
of arrangements, consisting of H. W.
C-ethofl*. Henry Jacks and F. Betton,
with Noble Grand W. H. Mitchell as
•master of ceremonies, ¦' a fine pro
gramme was presented for the enter-,
talnment of a large number of people
who accepted the invitation to attend.
Including an overture by the Spink
orchestra, an address by Past Grand
W. W. Watsonl specialties by M. Mac
fee, recitation by D. S. Wlliford, vocal
selections byF. Beeton, sleight of
hund tricks by, Dr. Crompton and "The
German Purglar,".. a- comic sketch by
lit. *nd Mrs. Henry W." Qsthoff— a
Pride of San Mateo. The first named
court is organizing 1 a court of Juvenile
Foresters and has nlr-ady twenty-six
names to a petition for a charter.
Juvenile Court Star of the West at
its last meeting initiated six candi
dates. " .
Washington Circle of the Companions
of the Forest was visited byjthe board
of supreme officers and many of the
board deputies. For the benefit of the
visitors" the officers exemplified the
work by the initiation of two strangers,
and for this there was much praise.
Mrs. Berger. supreme chief, delivered
a very interesting address, after which
there was a banquet and addresses by
all the supreme and other visiting ofil
cers. Mrs. Berger was presented with
A beautiful cardcase as a souvenir of
the occasion, and the other supreme
officers were each presented with a
token of fraternal love.
A new circle of the order was Insti
tuted in Stockton last week by Mrs.
Berger, the supreme chief; Mrs. Castle,
supreme subchief, and Miss May Fal
coner, supreme secretary, with twenty
seven charter members. The circle haa
been named Friendship.
Franklin Circle 5a ve a ?*plg-ln-*
poke" party last week, which was a
pleasant social event.
was attended by a large number of
people, who had a most enjoyable time.
Those who contributed to the pleas
ure of the large audience that attend-
THE SAN /FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 30, 190J.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18"LE : MAXCHOX DE FRANCINE,'!. A" CHAKACTERJSTIO DRAWING BY XAVIER • MARTIXEZ:
' ]: Deprecating others ; will not h«h> * the
world to appreciate you.'
Why, we simply are not old enough,
nor broad enough as yet, to admit. the
authoritative supremacy of . any 'one
man, or group'of men — but we will, as
we grow, for wisdom comes only with
years, "and then only when mellowed
with Intelligence. And may we of the
West hasten to acquire the necessary
blessed intelligence, for the cultivation
of which' I can recommend, no (better
school . than frequent visits •' to the
studios and the reputable galleries that
now abound in our cosmopolitan town.
Another fact came home to me
strongly by, Dr. Genthe's chat, and it, is
this: That in California there is an
absence of acknowledged competent
criticism. Where are Mathews, Keith,
La timer. ¦ Peters, Dickman ,and a half
dozen others whose opinions are worth
while? . 8g$9B
Besides, the remoteness of California
from art centers is a strong element in
the development of individuality— and
herein lies the dominant note of suc
cess, not only of art, but of all pursuits.
And thus it is that the progeny of the
gods — they who see the things that the
God of nature hath given to California
—put on" canvas the emotion that has
seized them, and thus it is that Cali
fornia artists — yes, and writers — are
sounding a- new note to the world, and
the cry is clear, Individual and Cali
fornian.
Italy was the birthplace of art as we
of to-day know it— there painting:, sculp
ture and architecture took its noblest
form, hand in hand with art In let
ters. And it is "an indisputable fact
that California/ offers the same glad
ness, the same sadness, the same
moods of laurel-wreathed Italy, the
same sunshine, the same turquoise
skies, the same purple hills, the same
blue bosom of sea. studded with em
eralds. •
deavor must come success, for God
hath graciously given us the great ele
ments that make for art—the highest
expression of his handiwork.
.But, It's t in his , serious/thoughtful
work ; that . Martinez shows what's;- .-in
hirn-Hiepth of feeling, poetic conception ¦
and [mysticism. ; .Yes, ; and ]c[oloii too, for,
like > Whistler, i he ¦ confines • himself V to
low 'tones [ and ] of ttimes to [monotones. ]
But, as ¦ in the 'Gregorian chant, the
sameness of tone brings'strength. * .-¦'
].>'*An- interesting : fellow^ Is this same
Martinez-^-with, revolutionary : ideas as i
to[ what . art] . } manifested
strongly- in; his' drawings .done ' In '.] Paris
under, the eye" of [Gerome. . ; "Here,"isald ]
he,- .Vare[ three^sketches done' there." This»
one,"v pointing ,toj a strong, [virile, pul
sating; male : , figure, '."is, one; I ; drew for
myseljf.iVi"liked'.H. ; ' But7arouhd][carne
Gerome,' '.who pronounced it unfinished;
Then" ' I ;[did > this one"— a male figure
alongsldfr--"siving •' It much, time Vand ¦
work. ; /Along (Gerome, Vwho]; pro- ;
nouncedUt excellent-T-finished^ But* look 'I
at , it, v bah ! f finished. Yes,; finished > to '
death ! V It ¦ lacks llf e, " ; spontaneity. " :: ; - -¦; ]'
rAnd so i it does. » It is a dead * sort of
thing, 1 which calls up .Whistler's' declar
ation^ that "iVa"' picture r lsl fin lshjed^when/
all traces 'o_f [-.the methods 6 f mechanism,
have ] [disappeared"— "and! r then- it's
dead,vJaddsfpixori;randUruly.
y, T^etdrawing^Le ?Manchon* de ; Fran
cine"] is_[onej[of -the few];' Martinez] pic- ;
tufeVi that} have • a' story [to tell : - and I it's'
a'T prettyXstory; \ but with a/ heart-pang/,
TheTartlst'g'.faceUellsUhat. ; ; . Puccinl-in ;
HAS the spell of the mystic ever
held you — the ghostly gray, of
the 1 morning, or the sprites that
float in from the sea in the fog,
or the purple *iuze of the dying .twi
light? .Then you are of a mind to en
joy ' Martinez's pictures — that is, pic
tures of Martinez, the thoughtful. But
If you be gay and in rollicking, mood,
pass them by until tranquillity comes,
and seek his caricatures.' They are cap
ital. , And if you haven't seen hls\fan T
tastic things that tell the truth. and a.
little more,: drop in some] Saturday. af-,
ternoon - s at his studio ai^ 728 • Montgbm-'
ery] street, for in each lies a smile— and
to ' me, , a* laugh. . " ' ,
MattebSandona is a* ; busy fellow. [ In
the ' near future he \will give an : exhibit
off his '.work in his •" own- studio, v corner
of * Larkin • Union. ; , Here are s many
types/of ,: beauteous subjects,; notably] a
fine i portrait ; of Miss ' Jolliff e . In a shim
niery t white satin "gown. / Miss .Grace
Llewellyn /Jones, too, : is there fin [por
traiture; i her,.' likeness, , quite ', opposite
that [of : Miss* Jolliff e,* shows .the! master
hand^that ; has .caught the : ; individuality
of 'each.' / The Bohemian' Club .will show]
some [of • these \; and "perhapa i " Hopkins,
too/" but 'of [ a surety [wiir Sandona"' open
' Amedee Joullin is thinking — and
thinking;; ;He ; has ' In mind - an • Indian
picture, but]. whether to seek his models
on' the'deserts , of "the ¦ southland -or in
the; huts of the' mountains' and valleys
to the north is the vexatious ; problem.
But -.when \' Joullin ;] gets ibusy[ he /does
something .worth while. . Therefore, it
pays ] to \ be ~ patient; for genius ¦ brooks
nib fprodding.'- A trip ito Arizona , again
may[be the deduction from' all this deep
reflection.
"La Boheme.", gives something of the
same tale, which runs* thusly: '. Fran
cine, fragile, but lovely,^ poses for her
artlst-sweethearfand inspires; him to
high' effort. But for her pains she shall
have a reward— the best he can buy
for • her. o "What shall it be, my own ?"
"I"e manchon, le manchon," she cried,
forj had '.not the ', pretty women carried
muffs .who sat for her , lover? Then a
muff .she must have — and a muff she
received. And here ¦ lies the bitterness
of ', the . story, '¦> when at the hour of her
gratified- pleasure death slips in icily,
stealthily and whips her. away for his
own.' -'The muff, the longed-for, loved
manchon, falls to the floor, and the ar
tist works on, absorbed, until he turns
about"to .discover^ that his well. beloved
has been snatched from him^ forever.
And;.the muff?: ;It : lies there on the
floor, fa- mute ; protest to .the .folly of.
seeking .happiness In trifles. But the
,world is full of Franclnes.
. " All '"this "Soes Martinez tell in his
drawing and he tellsllt well.
, . ' But' art is here without the seeking—
it]. Is ' native to/ the soil, the air; the
sky, ; and ' to ; the men*- and .women who
walk beneath it. '.' It breathes of other
things ," than " "lure of gold"— as our
good friend Bailey Mlllard has put it
it breathes of higher things, the throb
of I nature, "; and". Its exquisite • develop
ment • *• toward ' * harmony. • . "And har
mony is .the keynote to all the beauti
ful things of life"— this from the
philosophic Martinez lore— not mine.
iDurinff his visits to. Holland, Bel
gium, "Spain [and -France, Dr. Genthe
charmihgly/admits'that he saw ribth-
ing that put him to shame by compari
son C with V California] .effort, 'just as
Bobby ; Aitkin ] told [us a few, "weeks ago
—and ¦„ here V to '* California ' confidence !
May. It \ ever/ live," and ~ in the ¦ living,
strlvefor. higher effort! In that en-
"Throughout the art centers of Con
tinental Europe," • says the. artist
photographer,-"there is a strong feel-
Ing of reverence for California art and
Its exponents."
Now, here is an awakening In truth.
Of all communal developments, art la
the last to be wooed. , : It Is . the least
necessary to actual living, and there
fore - the last [avocation to be sought
after, in pioneer communities.
Ada Romer Shawhan has finished
a head of Charles H. Lombard. The
portrait is much credit to both artist
and sitter; the latter, by the way, has
one of the best private collections of
paintings in the city.
A wanderer with Francis M. Comas,
Dr. Genthe has wandered back to San
Francisco, and he is glad to "be
home"— so_ says the San Franciscan —
by adoption — with a spirit that's good
to . hear. , "Glad to be home" somehow
reflects the "poise of the mind, and the
sentiment is worthy the type of man
who expressed it, for to the mind
artistic— and . no one doubts the atti
tude ' toward .art "of Dr. Genthe — San
Francisco stands ou t . as a new Bethe
lehem.
his own atelier, to the perusal of our
art lovers. afiB88BR8!
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS
RETURNED TRAVELER SAYS CALIFORNIA
ART STANDS HIGH ON THE CONTINENT
"Der Rastelbinder" closes with to-
Fischer's opens next week In popular
vaudeville at popular prices.
"DER RASTELBINDER"
TO BE FOLLOWED BY
A MUSICAL COMEDY.
Haverley's Minstrels, with Billy Van.
the "assassin of sorrow," are at the
California to-night.
* • •
again, the theater is most "desirable,
and the atmosphere of the college Is
distinctly conducive to dramatic
aspiration. Still, even considering
these things, "the Dante" reflected ex
traordinary, credit on the ingenuity and
intelliRer.ee of the prqducers.
The play well serves its avowed pur
pose of a truthful (though limited) pic
turing of the poet's life. As a "drama,"
however, it leaves much to be desired.
The probable circumstances of its
production by students, and by only
main students at that, necessarily
somewhat limited Father O'Conor in
his dramatic, scope. He has \ shown
Dante as the poet; as one of the priori
of Florence, honored of his native city;
as exile in Rome, flouted of his political
enemies; among his visions; as hunger
ing after many : years for his beloved
Florence, hut rejecting her insulting in
vitation to return; and then at his
death at Ravenna. With the scene in
the Council Chamber, where the
Bianchi and Nerl factions draw swords
one upon another, and the fight before
the Cardinal's palace in Rome, almost
the only opportunity for action occurs,
though the incidents of the dream
visit to the inferno suffice amply to
hold . the attention. (One wonders
how now Dante would paint his hell!)
• * *
But the play was not grateful ma
terial for students to make anything
of, and their work is all the more to
be- commended. .That of James Baci
galupi as Dante, Fred Churchill as
Virgil and William A. Breen as Corso
Donati was of particular merit— as I
have, before intimated. The five ama-
Rastelbinder" in its American pre
miere production for just three weeks!
To-morrow night "The Messenger
Boy" will'.be put on. To-night you
can still hear, the Viennese opera, and
you will be glad" if. you do.
. • ¦ . • ¦ •
The amateurs, with the production of
"Dante," a play by the Rev. Father
J. F. .X. O'Conor, presented by the
members of the Gentlemen's Sodality
of St. Ignatius, have been well to' the
fore this week. Asa scenic production,
with its elaborately pictured Inferno,
one could only praise the "Dante.", It
was indeed a quite remarkable amateur
effort. The students are very fortunate
in their theater at St. Ignatius College.
The stage is " large . . and .', excellently
equipped, a - complete electric plant
being part of the assets. Acoustically,
CLEVER GIRL' WHO HAS SURPRISED THE CRITICS.
A new star and a new comedy are
the offerings at the Grand Opera-house,
Miss Jane Corcoran In "Pretty Peggy"
to be particular. One hears good' word
of both and of Andrew Robson. who
supports the star.
"Hamlet" will be given to-morrow
night at the Majestic Theater.
night and should not be missed by
any one who has not heard this charm- %
ing comic opera- To-morrow evening'
the Tivoli will produce for the first
time here "Tha Messenger Boy," a
musical comedy long -famous in New
York and London. With Paul Steln
dorff at the conductor's end, Ferris
Hartman stage-managing and the
clever Tivoli folk to take care of the
music and fun the production has
everything In its favor.
teur difficulties are enunciation, enun
ciation and enunciation, pronunciation
and gesture.. The Virgil and Dante
were good on all counts, though the
Dante "furrst" offended, perhaps more
seriously from its scholarly context.
The burring "urr" for "er" as In
tain," "ir" as in "Virgil," "ur" as in
"church," "or" as In "world" — giving
"surrtain," "Vurrgil," "churrch," and
"wurrld" — was Indeed the most notable
offense against good pronunciation that
obtained. It is everywhere. , Some of
the minor characters, again, from lack
of articulatlve effort, were frequently
unintelligible. But so, frequently, are
their professional brethren. And, as
Mr. Bacigalupi and Mr. Churchill
might fairly be found not wanting from
the professional viewpoint, the others
dignified and reverent in attitude, and
the setting indeed excellent, the per
formance was one to arouse consider
able respect.
Perhaps Heir Conrled is wise in his
estimate of our capacity — a pocket ca
pacity, purely, no one at this day ven
turing to limit the local appreciation
of good music. He may possibly find,
however, that Christmas, Gadskl, Mel
ba. Ysaye, d'Albert, Fritz Kreisler,
Franz de Vecsey, David BIspham, De
Pachmann. the Dolmetschs, the Kneisel
Quartet, Creatore'ff Band, the Savage
Grand Opera Company and a possible
short season of grand opera at the
Tivoli— all of which come within four
months! — may not have wholly de
pleted the local treasury. In that case
we may get another of the three weeks
originally planned for us.
But it is a thousand pities that the
season could not have taken place at
this time, as the last two were dated.
Some of the above enumerated attrac
tions, almost all of first magnitude,
must necessarily suffer from the con
gestion of the programme. And -it will
not be our fault. The Metropolitan
Chief among the women artists
known to us here will be Nordica,
Sembrlch and Eames, a brilliant trio,
.and there will be several new people.
Altogether it looks as though we might
make out! The company comes In
April, . for the week preceding Holy
Week, and of course to the Grand
Opera-house. • .' v
. . ' • • •
Herr ,Conried has decided that one
week of. grand opera is as much as we'
may have next* 'spring, so Mr. Schlot
terbeck, his agent, informs me this
week. A brilliant week he promises us,
however. "Parsifal," certainly," "The
Marriage of Figaro" • most probably,
and very possibly "The Magic Flute"—
all productions of intense interest— will
be in the repertoire. Verdi, also, may
be represented. Caruso, at whose name
women turn up adoring eyes, will be
the star novelty among the singers.
He Is freely compared with Jean de
Reszke, with the favor coming fre
quently his way.
Burgstaller, who will be the Parsi
fal; Anton von Rooy, who will be the
Amfortas, and Plancon and Saleza are
among the other male singers.
There is a thoughtful manager in
town this week. John C. Fisher. It is
"San Toy" that has set him thinking.
Mr. Fisher is the now celebrated dis
coverer of "Florodora," founder of
"Ghosts" and "A Doll's House" are
contemplated. The Spanish school may
also be exploited, in the plays of Jo9e
Echegaray and Angel Guimera. Oscar
Wilde's plays are among other possi
bilities. "Gretna Green," and "We Are
Kins'" — a play nf the fashion of "The
Prisoner cf Zenda," are modern novel
ties to be given, with "The Little Prin
cess" as played at the Children's
Theater in New York as particular
tidbit. Then such plays as "An
American Citizen." shortly to be put
on 1 , we shall always have with us. and
Mr. Morosco smilingly threatens an
other "Taming of Helen." The com
pany has Just scored heavily In the
latter play in Los Angeles, and Mr.
Morosco modestly challenges com
parison with the Henry Miller produc
tion of it here. In fact Mr. Morosco is
very proud of his company— and has
much reason to be.
Ibsen dramas and a good many other
notable adventures are on the Majes
tic programme. Their company makes
possible their essays into the legiti
mate. "Hamlet" this week, "The Mer
chant of Venice." and "Richelieu" be
ing early offerings. Of, the Ibsen genre
productions cf "Hedda Gabler,"
A company to match, the theater Is
the pretty high record that the last
•week has made for the Majestic As
every one knows, the Morosco and Ma
jestic stock companies have been con
solidated, and with the above pleasing
result. They will now proceed to make
h!story at the uptown house.
Last week's "When We Were
Twenty-One" is a strikingly good be
ginning. Miss Gardner and her fas
cinating personality, that clever youth
Harry Mestayer and Howard Gould
have all importantly helped. I wonder
If Miss Gardners Ideal qualifications
tor Candida have suggested them
selves to any of her admirers? I sug
rested them modestly myself to Arnold
Daly when he was here. Further ac
quaintance with her work confirms me
in the conviction of ' her fitness. Like
Bernard Shaw's heroine. Miss Gardner
Is essentially the "mother woman." in
earlier bloom than Candida, true, but
of the radiantly wholesome, sunny,
can© atmosphere of the type, and
physically exquisitely what the part
demands. As to her quality of intel
ligence, this week's Phyllis, and a Mrs.
Alving in 'Ghosts" to whose power
Los Angeles bears astonished and elo
quent witness, represent the range and
kind of it. There should be a Candida
somewhere between the two.
Harry Mestayer was the Oswald of
"Ghosts"— not at all "by the way."
One remembers Claus Bogel's powerful
portrait of OFwald on the solitary oc
casion of the play's presentation here,
and those that have seen both com
monly prefer Mestayer's. He was with
Mary Bhaw, the most famous of the
Mrs. Alvings. in her recent much
talked-of production of the play in the
East. It is on the cards to produce it
locally some time in January.
Binding— the piano quintet (op 5)
that we all liked so much last year.
Mozart, (string quartet. No. 13),
Svendsen (andantino from op. 1) and
Corsanjego (scherzo, op. . «), will
be on the programme of the Kopta
Quartet concert this afternoon at Lyric
Hall. The Svendsen and Corsanego
numbers are new here, the Binding
quintet is given by request, and when
does one not want Mozart? The
Kopta quartet concerts are gratefully
remembered from last rear. The en
scmbled sympathy evinced in their
work was even remarkable in a newly
formed organization. That, of coarse,
should be much more radically in evi
dence this afternoon. As last year
Wenzel Kopta leads, the accomplished
"Johnnie" Josephs takes the other fid
dle, Charles Helnsen brings his ca
pable viola, and Adolph Lada handles
a "cello delicate and discreet. Assist
ing at the piano win be Mrs. Oscar
Mansfeldt, whose ensemble work last
year was one of its notable discover
ies.
Company will of course not suffer, but
it is strongly within the local musical
heart to do honor, to all of the great
people who honor us by coming here.
Barring Hofmann. there has not been,*
and will not be until January, a single
important musical visitant. Even th*
Tivoli — whose comic opera is grand.
however!— has foregone Its usual sea
son of Italian opera. Truly, we hare
managed things better before.*
And this does not close the list for
1904-1905. Fritz Scheel is planning &
season of symphony, with RICHARD
STRAUSS at the baton.* to end It!
Well, If the rent man will wait a year
or two, and we take to beans and our
heels, we can gorge our souls this sea
son. I don't say it is not worth while.
Two of the people at least— besides
Strauss— promise extraordinary satis
faction, Fritz Krelsler, ,-^he violinist,
who seems to have arousecl the kind of
exalted admiration that Harold Bauer
excites, and D" Albert, whose planism
is In the s4-fae noble class. Krelsler
made a recent appearance in London.
Two things Mr. Fisher is proud of,
his discovery of "Florodora" and the
fact that everything he sends on the
road is "as good to a dot" as its met
ropolitan production. One subscribes
most heartily to the latter opinion,
with the "San Toy" of the week,
stuffed with good comedians, and
"Jimmy" Powers, dressed and acted to
perfection, to back it. "Florodora" is
another good story. Every big man
ager in America, including Frohman.
Klaw & Erlanger. Kirke La Shelleand
Al Hayman, refused the piece. Fisher
made $300,000 out of its first twenty
weeks and he boasts that there were
people in "New York who saw the
thing 200 times! His own record is
700 times and not tired of it yet! That
was his first venture, and interesting
things may further be expected from
Mr. Fisher, who Is a most interesting
and genial person. "Glittering Glo
ria," that the Columbia will put on
to-morrow night, is the next Fisher
offering here. '-•?-?
There is a growl in order from the
Tivoli, though I haven't heard one
yet. A three-week run for a piece
like "Der Rastelbinder" reflects little
credit on local musical judgment. It
is one of the prettiest comic operas
ever staged here and staged in the
Tivoll's best fashion. Musically, noth
ing more worthy and attractive has
been heard for a long season, and the
story, while without the sparkle and
lightness of a Gilbert and Sullivan
opera, is yet taking and., interesting.
Most delightful again is the perform
ance. Edith Mason as the bashful
Suza, Thomas Persse, Kate Condon,
Dora de.Fillippe, Wlllard Sims, Schus
ter, Teddy Webb, Ferris Hartman. and
not to forget Harold Forman, the boy
singer, give an excellent interpreta
tion of the piece. And for Paul Stein
dorff, who has so successfully directed
it, and Ferris Hartman. who has so
well managed it. nothing but highest
praise is due.
And yet, and yet, we support "Der
the Fisher Opera-house in San Diegt),
manager of "San Toy." "Glittering
Gloria" and "The Silver Slipper" this
season and incidentally one of the
most generous producers in the musi
cal comedy field. Mr. Fisher Is won
dering: why "San Toy" has not "tak
en" "better here. Press and public
have praised the piece unanimously,
but have not crowded to see it It
must be remembered that Mr. Fisher
is used to making his ¦ $300,000 in
twenty weeks, as he did at "Floro
dora's" first appearance in New York.
Still there is warrant for his won
der. The "business." considering: the
quality, of the attraction, has not been
of the best, though good. Crowded
houses, beginning with New York —
where John Malone, producer for
George Edwardes, who first put on ihe
piece for its two-year run in London,
testified that the Fisher production
was better than the original — have
met "San Toy" all along the line. Its
manager Is trying to discover what we
want here If not the best of musical
comedy — for such it is. Less election
and fewer musical comedies — for "San
Toy" came at the heel of a glut of
them — would seem to be the only an
swer.
THEw SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY: OCTOBER 30, ]i90&
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19BERLIN, Oct. 29.-Herr James Simon,
the millionaire just nominated by the
Kaiser as a life member, of 'the Prus
sian House of Peers, is the first Jew
and the first tradesman ever raised to
the upper . house, and the event is re
garded as of great political importance.
In that It shows ; how thoroughly ' the
Emperor, realizes the position of trade
and commerce m modern life.
German Jew, Is j Made a Peer.
.A combination of ad van tages tend ; to
makt I a; 7 visit ;to.YDel «' Monte Y; at ' this
season"; '"¦,}, p]aj^cul^^;dei^iraA}le^Y s The
weather, is ideal and ' the" golf ; li nks fare
calling^^mong|^^en^arfivals§are: !
. Captain > and Mrs. Charles ; T. -Baker
were ;; entertained' at dinner^ at the St.
Francis" by Harry; Pendletcm last Fri
days-evening. YThe Bakers will soon
leave; for the' Philippines.v
Y : Lieutenant] and Mrs. C. C ¦ Fewer are
in Vallejo. .i Lieutenant -Fewel is at
tached to theYUni ted States shi p Petrel,
which is ' here at present '- in , the navy
yardJ •" Y » ¦:¦.,' .¦•'."¦;. /- Y- ¦• ' .'" "•- Y >:
l;i Mrs. Stebbins was entertained , at
luncheon by/ Mrs. James Otlsr at \ the
Hotel', Knickerbocker Ta '; few i days '. ago.
Those who enjoyed meeting ; Mrs.', Steb
bins . were Mrs. - Tubbs, i Mrs.'- Fred ' Lake/
Mrs: • Ashburner," Mrs. \ f : Mrs.
George Moore, ;Y; Mrs. "Miss
Kimber.'.Miss Macoridray. ¦'£"
*¦:-.:'•- .- •
expressions of pleasure are; heard con
cerning her advent, which will occur
soon. . . ' :
Y The . return of ; Mrs. Victor^. Clement
will j.be ' met with ; warm ' greetin gs, i f or
"she^stebHshedVmahy]friendshlpsfduf^'
ing herYvisit here last winter, and many-
,¦ Many Calif ornians I now ¦ in^ St. ' : Louis
are ' greeting 'ex-Governor. >'and ¦'¦{ Mrs.
Morgan" G.'- Bulkeley . of : Hartford. . Con
necticut. ' ; Mrs. . I BulkeleyY was '? Fannie
Houghton. "yli The r lridications.0 political,
seem to point : toward [.Governor/ Bulke
ley.* being : United; States - Senator •¦ from
Connecticut.; ' . ;
t Mr. and Mrs: i Alfred 5, Tubbs ¦ are ,' ex
pected home in November. : ; .They" have
been In the land of mummies and have
toured : many regions not in the stereo^
typed plan*' of '-travel. .
joys are forgotten for those that come
with the - gathering of families.
. Others who ¦ are flying eastward •;. for
the waning days' of the ' fair, are ¦ Mrs.
George E. Whitney, who will ] meet ; her
sister, ' Mrs. Condit .; Smith.%' and "her
daughter,; Mies , . Ethel ; Whitney/ who
are „ enjoying -, life . with ; a zest in Mrs.
Smith's Washington home.
ITheJ vaudeville ..given ¦ on -Thursday
night ; for the benefit [ot < Old '. St. ; Mary's
was* a' '.'stunt? -long , to \ be; remembered.
And runlinilted credit; is due T the follow
ing clever "w omen,, who s ' had the affair
in hand:.. I"
:*; Mrs.' ;} Andrew ?\ Welch,*. Mrs: Eugene
Lent;-; Mrs;, M.iH.de; Young, -the' Misses
de •iYoung,^ Mrs./ John ; J. Deane,";' Miss
Mrs. W. H.; Pattern and ;Mlss Patton,
who have recently returned 'from Aus
tralia, i. to remain at • Del i Monte for
a' few . we'ejks. /With them is Miss Quin
an of .Cape '.Town. '<_ Y
' Mrs. H. A. Morrow returned • yester
day, from a month's visit to" Salt Lake
and is staying at the Nordhoff . \\ Her
daughter,; Mrs. \ J. Y J. :'- Boniface,; is : pay
ing her Ya short visit. :"-'_
Mr.' and Mrs. H. L. Clapp. Mr. and Mrs.
W. H. 7" Mills," Miss Elizabeth Mills, > Mr.
and Mrs." Edgar Lewis, San Francisco;
Mr. ; and Mrs. I F. Roosevelt, New.'- York ;
Dr^ and \ Mrs.: R. S.; Miller,' Japan ; \ San
tiago Hambleton and ,wlf e,'- Mexico; Mr.
andMrB. F. ; N." Innes,; New York.'.
SOCIETY'S LATEST BRIDE AND TWO PRETTY GIRLS MUCH FETED BY THE SMART; SET.
Unique In design and prettily sug
gestive of the promptings of its con
tents is the confession album of 'the
Duchess of Roxburghe. It la heart
shaped and upon each page is a little
heart-shaped pocket, into which can
be slipped a leaf containing a confes
sion. It is kept In her boudoir In
Floors Castle. Of similar design is
the book which serves the, same pur
pose, for the Princess of Pless. > She
keeps it locked and none but herself is
«ver intrusted with the golden key
that opens it.
The * Duchess of Manchester has a
confession book made of satin, the
pages of which are beautifully decor
ated with miniature paintings. It is
shrewdly surmised that some oNher
confessions record ebullitions of tem
per over the slowness of British build
ers, which balked her ambition to en
tertain the King and Queen at Kyle
more Castle on the occasion of their
Irish ¦vfslt
The Duchess of Marlboroush is
credited possessing the hand
somest confession book In England.
Its covering Is of rich Oriental eanvas
and the lettering is in enamel on white
satin. A diamond-studded horseshoe,
symbolical of an alliance between
wealth and good luck, which are not
always found In conjunction. Is at
tached to it by a white streamer. Its
pages are beautifully decorated, but
what it WTitten upon them Is a care
fully guarded secret.
LONDON. Oct. 29.— One of the
latest 'fads in fashionable society Is
the confession album, but the gor
geous character of these receptacles
for the acknowledgment of feminine
stns is hardly suggestive of the sack
cloth and ashes which were wont to
be regarded as evidence of sincere re
pentance in a more strenuous "axe for
the aristocracy.
Friends of Duchess of Slarlboronsh
Acknowledge Feminine Sins In
• Pases of Jewel-Backed Book.
CONFESSION ALBUM LATEST
FAD OF LONDON SOCIETY
Miss Brewer .will \ be 'feted to-day at
A bonny bride will Miss Isabelle
Kendall \ make. , , Her marriage to • Ed
ward ; Kenneth ? Lowdeh occurs In Oak
land ; on the 16th. ? Miss Kendall Is a
grand-daughter, of the late! N.'K. Mais
ten' and the striking dark beauty of
her mother's family. ' j'
The Kohl .reception was given .' In
honor of Mrs;. C. Frederick "Kohl/' the
newly .acquired "member of .the family
circle. Mrs/ Kohl was a famous Wash
ington beauty, l^where - as '¦ Miss Gobey
she .was greatly courted and feted.
* What a fast and furious day. yester
day was, with the elaborate kohl re
ception at the Palace, the ' tea at .which
"pretty Carol Moore made her - formal
bow to ' society, and the Conln tea, at
which ' Miss Natalie"' was presented. •
1 The two teas were ¦ quite the largest
functions "of that Uype given this sea
son. Happy: little maids! . -
More Oriental travelers are Mr. and
Mrs. Ray Sherman, . who '¦ are prepar
ing for the trip. War, with all Its
terrors, brings no rest to the globe
trotters, and whatever may be the fate
of the correspondent, the visitor con
tinues defiantly onward.
•'- R. H. Pease and -, family, - who have
been spending the summer in Portland,
will leave there for home within a few
days. During their sojourn in the
metropolis of the Northwest they have
made many little trips to the surround
ing country. With a party of Portland
friends. they went to Spokane in a pri
vate car, and while in , that city were"
the guests i of : Mr. and Mrs. John D.
Sherwood. . Miss Pease has now be
come an expert in - the management of
her auto, and every day during, the
summer she was out on the road with
a party of herfrlends. R. H. Pease Jr.
spent ; several .weeks' at the St. Louis
Fair with ; his . chum, Stanley Page.
Now what could be merrier and
more enchanting for our buds than
the presence of a warship within "our
harbor? And that manned by brave
young gallants, mayhap, embryonic
naval heroes. But leaving the future
alone, think of the receptions, dinner
dances and all sorts of good times
"aboard ship!" Really, the San Fran
cisco girl has many" blessings. A sea
port town offers the attractions just
mentioned and with a "standing army"
at hand, too— well, it" almost seems
like an embarrassment of riches. The
Ohio may boast of the following young
officers, among them: Midshipman
Victor W. Metcalf, Midshipman Abram
Claude, Lieutenant Owens of the Ma
rine Corps.
On Thursday Miss Alice Bacon,
fiancee of Thomas Driscoll, was the
guest of honor at a luncheon given
by Miss Katherine Kutz at her pretty
Oakland home. *Mlss Bacon's engage
ment has been the motif of much so
cial activity. Among those present at
Miss Kutz's luncheon were: Miss Ba
con, Miss Gertrude Russell, Miss Helen
Dornln, Miss Marguerite Buttes, Miss
Eleanor Phelps, Miss Sevilla Hayden
and Miss Anita Thompson.
Mrs. Henry Lund entertained at
bridge on Tuesday; afternoon at her
home on Clay street In honor of Mrs.
Arthur Callaghan. A clever hostess
is Mrs. Lund. •
Mrs. Constant Williams and Mrs.
Richard Croxton left on Monday for
Portland, going thence to Vancouver,
where General Williams is stationed.
Later Mrs. Croxton will return to
San Francisco, whence she will sail
for the Isle of Palms to. join Captain
Croxton, than whom there is no more
popular chap in the service.
• • •
wise the "Cafe Chantant" of famous
memory.
With the announcement of ' Miss
Nuttall's engagement there comes more
than a passing or ordinary" Interest.
It is not of frequent occurrence that
our society women take up the study
of sciences, neither do they exhibit a
fondness for research, but here we
have an exception. Miss Nuttall has
explored the depths of Aztec wisdom
and resurrected much matter of such
antiquity that fellow-workers have
benefited by her energy. The Nuttall
home In the City of Mexico Is a place
conducive, too, to such thought and
investigation. Its atmosphere savors
of feudal days and the ancient struc
ture Is so filled with relics that it Is
a fitting retreat for the sage mind.
Of Arthur Lawton, the fiance, there
Is not so mueh knowledge, but pre
sumably he dwells in like realm of
thought with Miss Nuttall, who has
met him but recently In an Eastern
city.
Horace V. Scott is speeding toward
Boston on a glad trrand. for there his
wedding will take place with Miss
Alice F. Compton of Hamilton, Ohio.
tantes, this is an example to follow
that will take away naught from the
Joys of your teas and dinner dances.
The debutantes, bless them! are up
to their gladsome eyes In the mech
anism of "coming out." Oh! such
roseate phantasies as dance before
their virginal visions. Diaphanous
gowns and floating hats and a million
little things that are as dear to the
hearts of the debutante as the famous
little muff of Puccini was to Mimi. And
best of all is their exquisite expec
tancy, the radiant Joy v with which
they face the future that must hold
In its voracious maw much that's un
promising. But.euch Is the joy of
youth. Such Is the joy of revelation,
and silence to the tongue that would
put Into leash one strain of the joy
of anticipation!
It is this outcropping of buds each
year that subserves the same purpose
in society that the coming of grass
and blossoms of early spring does for
nature. It revivifies the theory of
eternal growth, keeps the mind re- t
freshed with new, sweet, spontaneous
thought and saves the *ft>rld from
drifting into the dismal swamp of
For pessimism I know of no panacea
so efficacious as a bright-eyed, high
spirited, expectant debutante. And
here's to her! May her reign be one
of triumph; may she win the man
she loves, and may her place give way
next year to her budding younger sis
ter.
But should she be of bachelor bent
here's to her just the same, for her
presence is a happiness and her
friendship worth the holding.
But, bonny maids, beware! Before
you He the unfolded mysteries of life
in its Infinite intricacies and beware
of the false note that lies in it, which
is naught else than sham, vulgar
Cham. Avoid sham in all things and
your career must needs be a success,
for the absence of sham is truth, and
In truth lies happiness and success.
Among the fair debutantes la town
are Miss Charlotte Wilson, Miss Anita
Harney. Miss Margaret Hyde-Smith,
Hiss Marjorle Josselyn, Miss Ursula
Stone, Miss Carol Moore, Miss Elsa
Draper, Miss Maude Payne, Miss Irene
Sabln and Miss Maisee Langhorne, and
of Oakland the Misses Bessie Cog
hill, Edna Orr, Pansy Perkins, Mar
euerite Butters, Elsa Schilling, Louise
Hall, Lucretia Burnham, Helen Crane,
JCoelle de Golia, Rose and Ruth Kales,
Savilla Hayden,* Lillian Isaacs, Marian
Walsh, Edna Prather, Ruth Hough
ton, Anita Thomson and Katherine
Kntz.
• • *
"Wedding bells a-ringlng
"And the larks a-Blnging"
Proclaim the glad tidings of October
brides. Yesterday was the nuptial
day of beautiful Charlotte Russell,
daughter of the h'ouse of De Sabla,
and Clement Tobin.
No fairer bride <ver plighted her
troth. Crowned with an aureole of yel
low hair, with azure eyes and skin
like a seashell, she was never eo lovely
as in her nuptial robe of ivory chiffon
and lace.
Attended only by her dainty lijtle
sister. Miss Russell went to the altar.
At the family home on Octavia street.
In a garden of blossoms, the ceremony
¦was performed, -rather than In church,
owing to the illness of Mrs. de Sabla,
the mother of the bride.
/Dnly a email number of friends were
bidden to the ceremony, besides the
relatives, of whom 1 there. were quite a
few.
The happy pair will spend their
honeymoon at Santa Barbara, with a
European trip in the future. *
Thure&ay night the Bohemian Club
was gay with blossoms and 1 glad .with
good fellowship, • for. around ' the festive
board were gathered ' flf ty?guests, bid-:
denby the Henry Foster Duttbns'tb do
honor to Miss Katherine ¦ Dillon and ¦
Miss Gertrude Dutton, two winsome
maide, who've made up their minds to
change their names ere long.
A Dutton dinner always bears char
acteristics of the givers — and therein
lies their fun. And since there's noth
ing deadlier than a dead dinner, it
would behoove some hosts to take due
notice.
,-_•->".- *;-" t •" '.
The w-.ddlng of Miss Helen Petti
grew and "William T. Lemman has
been set for November 9. It is to be
a home affair, the ceremony taking
place at the residence of Mrs. Charles
Stanford Pettigrew, 2230 Pacific
avenue. The bride will have for her
maid of honor Miss Alice Sullivrn,
while Miss Armor Deamer and Miss
Ruth Morton will serve as bridesmaids.
Mr. Lemman will be attended by
Percy Lawton Pettigrew as best man,
with 'Robert Dudley "White and Earl
Cumming as ushers. Miss Pettigrew
was a debutante of last winter and a
sweet maid she is. A pretty home has
-been built by Mr. Lemman at Jackson
and Buchanan streets, where they will
fiet up their household gods. • r;
• • •
The wedding of Miss Alicia Dufflcy
and Dr. D. Frledlander of this city will
take place on November 16, at the
home of the bride's parents. Judge and
Mrs. M.. C. Dufflcy, in San Raf aeL
• • •
The dinner and reception given by
the Sequoia Club on Friday night to
Mrs. Gertrude Atherton was a red-let
ter night in the annals of the club.
Given in the gorgeous white and gold
ballroom, with its sweep of responsive
mirrors, the setting was -eminently fit
And such stunning gowns! Aye, and
such fascinating men— who, bless them,
passed up alluring pugilistic pleas
ures for the nonce. And who was there
who was not fascinated by the gra
ciousness and absolute naturalness of
the guest of honor?
No pose, no affectation of manner or
speech, but showing the unmistakable
evidences of a cultivated mind and
body, Mrs. Atherton made hosts of
friends.
• '• • ¦
Bishop and Mrs. Sidney Catlln Par
tridge will probably remain in San
Francisco until after the holidays. They
were expecting to go to „ the Orient
soon, but have changed their plans and
perhaps will prolong the Journey thence
by going by way of the Suez. - •
• '.','• •
A most delightful combination of the
artistic influences will be felt and heard
next week on the evening of November
8 in classic Berkeley. There the
beautiful new home of Mr. ¦ and Mrs.
Allan J. Freeman will be opened under
the most happy circumstances. Mr.
and Mrs. Gutterson will give a musical
programme and; those who have been
fortunate in. hearing them know what
this means. The Intellectual, cultured
and musical types will form a gather
ing really worth while.
" ¦•*¦¦ ' . • •
Weddings, ¦ always provocative of in
terest for, two people,^ do not'necessar
ily obtain approval from society in gen
eral. The ; exceptions are notable and
one engagement of th2 past week has'
brought pleasure to friends I of both.
Lieutenant Hamilton of the, Thirteenth
Cavalry has won ; the heart : and hand
of pretty Ethel Lowe, who will lend
much attraction to the social life of
the army. The wedding day.' is riot far
away. »' >v-Y
• - : - • • ¦¦ •* '
The ',._ exposition city ; still attracts.'
and, despite the wintry, air that ; greets
our ; Calif ornians, "they, go to > view '¦:. the
Immense 1 exhibition, ; If \ only ~ f f or \ a few
days. , Mr. and - Mrs! Latham -¦ McMul-
Jin took . thelr^departure last Thursday
and will be gone till holiday time. .What
an in tumbling there will 'be. though,
'about Christmas, for then Is the^sea
son "that draws the traveler backT to
': bis • own hearthstone, and the outside
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL:, SUNDAY-OCTOBER 30, M904.
Mary Deane, Miss Dillon," Miss Phelan,
Mrs. Ella Murray, Mrs.* Charles W.
Clark, Mrs. Richard Tobin, Mrs. Ad
miral Whiting. Miss Gibbon, Miss
Georgiana. Mrs. Maurice Casey, Mrs.
Joseph Young, '.. Miss Estelle Young,
Mrs. Admiral Klrkland, Mrs. . Joseph
Sadoc Tobin, Mrs. J. Downey. Harvey,
Mrs. 7 Frank J. Sullivan, Mrs. "Walter
Dean. Miss Ada Sullivan. Mrs. A. H.
Paysan,. Mrs.- Jack Parrott, Miss Alice
Hager, Miss Keenan and Mrs. John R.
Chadwlck.
San Francisco's smart set women
could be called upon any, day— and
without dress rehearsal— and give a
creditable Weberfieldian performance.
If you don't believe it, you should have
seen the Thursday night's affair, Iike-
a- tea giv«n her tor Mm Chart* a
Alexander. The buds wffl bloom la
profusion and this win b« an *mt
almost wholly for the younger set.
• • •
Miss Meta Hooghton to another •»
ciety maiden who makai on of bir
brain. She has. durin* the Paat yw».
carefully perused, In theory? the con
tinent of .Europe, acquainting hersalf
with many of the minor but Important
geographical features. Very shortly
Miss Houghton will take the trip,
literally, and many beauties will avoir*
themselves to her quickly, and compre
hensively. How Infinitely more satis
factory this than being burled in a
Baedeker or relying upon one who has
heen before. Pretty maids and debu-
THE DEBUTANTE
AND BLESSINGS ON HER.
20The case of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin.
charged with 'the murder of Mrs. Ida
Henrietta Deane, came up before
Judge Lawior yesterday, sitting for
Judge .Dunne, who is absent on his
vacation.; Her attorney, Reese Clark,
renewed his motion to dismiss the in
formation on the ground that the case
had not been tried within the sixty
days . prescribed by law. The Judge
said he would take the motion under
advisement for two weeks and the
Mrs. Botldn Again in : Court.
Sherwood Circle, - Companions of
the Forest, will hold an open session
next Wednesday evening in its meet
ing place In the Alcazar building,
when there '"will be a programme of
entertainment made up of vaudeville
numbers and dancing, then the serv
ing of light refreshments. The organ
ization will have a Japanese tea party
In the same building next Saturday
evening, on which occasion each per
son < attending will be given a hand
some souvenir. The committee hav
ing charge of both of these functions
Is composed of Samuel Severance,
Waited Rhodes, M. Jonas, Mrs.- Sil
Severance, Mrs. Marion~Morgan, Mrs.
May Foley, Mrs. Carrie Dambacker.
Miss E. Hussey and Mrs. E. Mille..--
Sherwood's Two Functions.
He is accompanied by Mrs. Weilbye
and will remain until the close of the ex
position. He found that Alameda had
been well represented by his substi
tute, Webb Pearce, during his absence.
Sacramento Is exhibiting some of the
largest ¦ olives ever shown at an expo
sition. They are of ¦ the ; new crop,
green and ripe, and are novel to East
erners.
case was continued for trial till that
Ume:nKB|
California; Institute No. 1, Y.' L. I:,
willgiveVa Halloween party in Loyola
Hall to-morrow, evening, when amuse
ments" peculiar to that . festival ; wlll ! b«
Introduced. ' '
Toung Ladles' Institute.
SAN ¦ JOSE, Oct. 29.- r The Bank j of
Mayfield . was incorporated ' to-day* with
a capital stock of $25,000,-all v paid;up.
Following , areV the ' dlrectorsj ;' Arthur
B: Clark, L. ; jDistel,' Alex Peers, /Joseph
P. Ponce,, Marshal Black, G. R.I Park^,
inson, K. H. List, Joseph Hutchlrisori
andJ.-J. Moita
Bank ¦ of Ma yfield Incorporated.
Army veteran.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. ' .2 9. — Freder
ick L. Jones,, for the last six years
watchman in the State treasury, at the
capital, died at .his home, ' 1625 O
street, -this morning. He . stood his
watch until I 1 o'clock this morning,
when he went to his . home. . He was
taken with a congestiyelchiir arid died
at .7 o'clock. ; Deceased 'cariie'V here
from San Diego. ; He was a Grand
Veteran Watchman Is Dead.
The 1 three " men ' named ' in ¦ the order
are , the ; original 'I appraisers and '¦ they
withdrew.Uhelr • appraisement • f rorii £ the
court/ after which the estate ;was taken
to Nevada. " "
Another move In the effort tojrecover
tho vanished - estate of J. M. Douglas
long enough to get $30,000 out of it for
collateral inheritance tax due tha State
was made '; yesterday by the Issuance
by, Judge Coff ey of a citation for, B. ; F.'
Shaw, Homer 1 . 8. King ' and .William"
Bannan to, show ; cause . next Friday
why . they should not make V arid i pro
duce In court ; a \ copy 'of I the \ original
inventory * which showed ¦the estate tto
be worthy $614,852 76. "! •'¦'. The *- "order was
made upon " the application .of i- William
J. Smith, one of _- the ; reappralsers) ap- 1
pointed by the cburt,;who says /that ¦ no
property > has-been ; submitted v\'tbj- him*
for appraisement and heneeds the copy
in i question y in . .order to : describe the
property : to : be . Inventoried:'
Another Attempt to Get Value of 'J.
31. Douglas Estate Property
Returned to Court. : v.'
BELLINOHAM, Wash., Oct 29.—
There is a prospect that H. C. St. John
Dix, who is serving a term in the pen
itentiary for .wrecking ' the Scandina
vian Natlonall • Bank of this city, will
be released. Ever since Dlx was • in
carcerated his wife has worked.un
ceasingly to secure his liberty and as
a result of her efforts It is stated Gov
ernor McBride will in the near future
either^ temporarily release Dix or fully
pardon him.
Freedom tor Bank Wrecker.
MAKES DE3VIAND ' FOR COPY
OP FIRST APPRAISEMENT
Aubury recommends that the* Legis
lature pass a law for protection from
fraudulent mining companies, declar
ing that such legislation Is necessary
for the protection of investors.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 29. — L. E.
Aubury, State Mineralogist, filed his
annual report with Governor Pardee
to-day. The report shows that the to
tal production of precious metals in
seventeen years in California, Includ
ing 1903, has been $418,851,888, of
which amount $247,371,953 was In
gold. In 1903'the production of pre
cious metal was $37,759,040, . against
$35,069,015 for 1902, an Increase of
$2,689,986.
That California's Gold yield Is
. on the Increase.
Report of State Mineralogist Shows
6TTLL DESERVES THE NAME
", " OF THE GOLDEX STATE
The existence of society depends upon the
rood things It ha« to offer Its votaries: "Old
Gilt Edge Whiskey" for example. "Wichman,
Lutgen A Co.. 29-81 Battery st, S. F. •'
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 29. — Judge Tor
rance to-day reduced the attorney's
fees in the receivership case of the
Free Gold Mining Company, as fol
lows: Jefferson Chandler, former al
lowance 315,000, cut to J1500; Sam
uel Shortridge, $14,500, cut to $3000;
J. W. McDonald, $2500, cut to $500.
An order was issued Instructing: Re
ceiver H. A- Barker to pay the above
sums.
Lawyer's Pees Are Cut.
Tat Polka — I reflucea my weight 70
pounds, tmst 6 inches, waist A iB<£*s and hlpi
14 inches In a short time by a ruaranteed
tan&less rr-iiedj" without exercise or starving. I
v-lll tell yoo all about It. Inclose stamp. Ad
drees MBS. E. G. RICHARDS.
226 East Ninth street.
• .;-•; •.' Riverside, CaL
¦ Heralded as ; Is a - Queen, Juliana de
Kol, greatest " of cows, has entered " St.
Louis and ' the 'exposition and Is one of
the feigning .sensations. \ If a foreign
Prince fhoul'd come here just at pres
ent j he '.would; have 'to; share" honors
with' the aristocratic .Juliana, the
.^record", cowof the world.. Her; home
is "6n -the rich alfalfa lands ' below
Stockton and she was sent here by
the California Promotion Committee
of San ! Francisco, ' as nearly every one
in California^ knows.;
%, Juliana's special car was run directly
into "the exposition" grounds ; and "i from
there r she was escorted," as is a PririceM;
to .the stall \ that awaited her
lh\.the largest - of the buildings fat {the
livestock "section. ' From_side\t6" side
of > this building, over , the stall, , hung a
banner - announcing • the distinguished
visitor's name ; and pedigree.
;,The Vname of Juliana is known
throughout [the exposition and the city.
>The i '¦]' newspapers v have exploited '. her
fame. Many ,; a i muscle ; dancer,", small
credit to the pedigreed Tcow, : is hailed
as Juliana when * she makes ;* her; bow"
and- "Have you seen V Juliana?" is a
common query. .Offerings: of ' flowers
arid^rlbbons arid' dainty, things: to: eat,
that she must not touch, are left at her
stalL^-;;':,'-- ;;-'•'; ,: : ' K: : :'^;S;^ V: ¦'••.-"•
5 Frank C. Drew is at the fair with his
wife, ; after a i tour of i Eastern cities. : -'"'.'
¦ ?;.W.] ¦H.^Weijbye, the Alameda County
Corrimissibneiv. has ¦returned ¦ to 'the' fair
aftOTltw^monthiTat home in" Oakland.
COW ACCORDED HONORS.
commission. . Thomas J. Kirk, State
Superintendent, was given a gold
medal /for the special display made
by him of the school administration
of the State. „ ,"
Mrs. Jane .Stanford was among the
visitors to " the fair last week. She
seemed to have a. desire not to be
known and few; Calif ornlans : knew of
her presence ; here. V She paid a' visit
upon her; arrival to" the ' State educa
tional exhibit and seemed disappoint
ed at the showing of Stanford -Univer
sity, "that : institution exhibiting only
a , few photographs. Mrs. Stanford
spent much of her time In the Palace
of Education and it is presumable that
she had the Interests of Stanford in
view while making her Inspection,'
Stanford University was asked. by
Furlong to make an " exhibit. Mrs.
Stanford -was . absent in Australia at
that time and President Jordan I re
plied that because of this and his
fear that exhibiting at the fair would
"be '-'.contrary; to ''. the .' provisions of "the
bequest, that hone of A the money '- be
queathed * should ; be • used "directly or
indirectly for . the purpose of adver
tising >, the university, the " institution
.would not exhibit. Upon ' Mrs. Stan
ford's return \ he was again asked to
exhibit, but 'again .declined, . .adding,
however, that Stanford might make a
display at some future exposition; •¦
Portland's Population Increasing.
PORTLANT>. Or., Oct. 29. — Com
plete late directory estimates show
that the present population of Port
land exceeds 150.000. The directory
for this year will Include 54,600 names
and, using the customary multiple, the
result is 137,500. The directory does
not include Chinese, Japanese, Ital
ians and other foreigners, of whom it
is claimed there are about 15,000 in
Immediately after the marriage Ket
tel resigned^ his Baltimore charge, and
subsequently was accepted by the con
gregation at Palmyra. When the young
rector presented his letter of dismissal
from Bishop Paret of Maryland to
Bishop Scarborough of New Jersey the
latter emphatically declined to accept
him and ordered his dismissal from the
Palmyra church.
After a legal contest Kettel and his
wife went to Philadelphia, where he be
came a tutor, and later returned to
Maryland, visiting relatives.
After dining to-day Kettel said he in
tended to take a row on the river! de
spite the, fact that the temperature was
near the freezing pointy When about
fifty yards from the shore the marine
observer noticed him struggling* in the
water and saw him drown before aid
could be rendered. A watchman de
clared he saw Kettel throw an oar from
the boat and then deliberately dive
overboard and at the same time at
tempt to kick the boat away from him.
Others on the shore, however, were of
the opinion that the rector lost an oar
and had drowned^ln trying to recover
it. He was 35 years old.
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29.— Rev. George
Frederick Kettel, a former * assistant
rector of Christ Episcopal Church, Bal
timore, who was barred from a charge
at Palmyra, N. J., by Bishop Scarbor
ough because he married the divorced
wife of Rev. Clarence Frankel of St.
Louis, has been drowned at Sparrows
Point, the site of the Maryland Steel
Company, about ten miles from this
city, whether accidental or Intentional
is unknown. The body has not. been
recovered.
CHICO. Oct. 29.— Rev. W. G. White,
pastor of the Presbyterian Church of
this city, battled with a burglar at his
home at 6 o'clock this morning. The
I'urglar entered the house through a
>;ack window in an upstairs room. His
entrance aroused White, who went and
asked what was wanted. The thief re
j-lied, "You'll have to show me."
White went downstairs, followed by
the burglar, and went to the telephone
to call the police. The burglar grabbed
White by the throat and endeavored to
choke him. They struggled for a short
time, when the burglar fled, leaving his
cap behind.
The fellow was arrested at the West
ern Hotel by Officer Will White some
hours later. At first he showed signs of
fight, but gave In when the officer dis
played a weapon- He gave the name of
Tom Burke.
Maryland Sector,. Dismissed
From Church for Marrying
Divorced Woman, Drowned
C-hico Minister Surprises
an Early and Unexpected
Visitor and Battle Ensues
TASTOR FIGHTS
WITH BURGLAR
CLERGYMAN MAY
BE A SUICIDE
California certainly has good cause to
feel : proud of the educational showing
made here by her. She won as high
medals as any State or nation and as
many as any other, size of exhibit con
sidered. She was given buttwo i>ronze
medals out of all those awarded her in
this department. Her general exhibit
was awarded a grand prize, about
twenty counties contributing. This prize
was for elementary and secondary edu
cation.,
The three grand, prizes won by the
University of California, made ; the
State's ; list of .trophies look pretty Im
portant. These big scalps v were for the
general exhibit, the Lick Observatory
exhibit, which Jias attracted the atten
tion of scientific men" from all over, the
world, and the mining college exhibit.'. .
In elementary 'work gold medals
were taken by %*he San Francisco
Board of Education, Sacramento
Board . of ¦ Education and the Chico*
Los i Angeles, : San Diego, San Fran
cisco and San* Jose normal schools.
A gold medal was awarded the
traveling library as used in California,
an exhibit of the State library at Sac
ramento. •
In secondary, education gold medals
were awarded the cities of Oakland.
Pasadena, Stockton, San Francisco
and Los Angeles.
Silver medals were awarded to the
cities of Fresno, Sacramento, Berke
ley, Santa' Cruz and San Diego, to the
norniar schools of San Francisco and
San Jose, the cities of Los Angeles,
San Diego and. Chico and the Kern
County Board of Education.
Silver medals in elementary educa
tion were awarded to the boards of
education of Stockton, Fresno, Oak
land, Los Angeles and Alameda. Los
Angeles and Sdhoma counties were
each given a bronze medal.
Robert Furlong, who collected the
California exhibit, was given a gold
medal as collaborator, the exhibit be
lng entered In the name of the State
EDUOATIOXAIj PRIZES.
"The other California exhibits are a
credit to the State, arid in education
especially we, . are well represented,
which is a good thing for the growth
of the State. We don't make much of a
showing in the manufacturers* building,
but will be able to in future years."
General Chipman spent the first part
of his visit her in a sickbed, but started
home entirely recovered and hot before
he had taken a gqod general look at the
fair. : ¦-' , . "; ¦ :v ' - ,;¦.- - /
CALL. BUREAU, WORLD'S FAIR,
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 29.— The president of
the ' California State Board of Trade,
General ; N. P. * Chipman, indorses the
showing made by California at ".the
World's Fair, and says the State la cer
tain to obtain excellent results from It.
"The display made" by the various
counties in the Palace of Agriculture la
magnificent," said General Chipman. "I
have been observing '-California's dis
play here carefully in order to . make . a
report to the Board of Trade, and I can
make a most favorable report. The ma
terial shown by the counties is well se
lected and handsomely | displayed. I am
satisfied that this exhibit is attraotlnff
a great deal of attention and that its
effect will be apparent in time to come.
The ' attracting of I new settlers . Is not
the only end" to be attained by it. The
exhibition of our products In such a
tempting manner draws attention to
them and makes new customers. 'The
developing of markets Is one of the
most important branches of promotion
work.; *.'^,C- .;¦•'¦; 'Vi'' : - r .''.•:
"The Thursday bef ore last . we were
all sick after taking our breakfast and
; It was something that had been put in
; the milk. I . know this because Mrs.'
Jackson tasted a cup of black coffee
' without milk and it was all right. The
: other coffee with the milk in it had a.
nasty taste. I was awfully thirsty for
two or three days after that. I no
ticed at the time that the bottle was
only half full and the paper that is
always on top of the bottle" was not
theFe. Why should I try to poison the
family? I was very fund of the.chil-1.
dren and Mr. and Mrs. Jackson were
kind to me. I did n«it need to "steal
either, as I have | a. good home with"
my married sister and" it .was not nec
essary for me to -work, but; 1.^ just
wanted to make some- money, for my
self. . v ; ¦'¦"•;; ' . :
"Last Wednesday evening I found a
bottle of carbolic acid in my room and
when I spoke to 'Mrs. Jackson about it
she told me to - put it In the medicine
chest. The next morning I found; two
empty bottles marked carbolic acid
and/ a bottle marked ijoison in the ash
barrel." »
The girl accounted >_f or the carbolic
acid marks on her clothing by stat
ing that last Sunday evening when
she went home she suffered with
toothache and in using carbolic acid
to stop the pain some of- it was spilled.
In this statement she was corroborated
by' her sister, Mrs. James A. Murasky,
who called to see her at the City |
Prison yesterday afternoon.-' Mrs.
Murasky said that the lounge on which
Rose was sitting when she used the
acid Is marked with it.
"ALWAYS A GOOD GIRL."
" "I don't know what to think. of .this
dreadful affair," said Mrs. Murasky.
' "Rose has always b^en a good girl.
The girls have lived v/ith me for. many
years. They have'al.ways had a good
home and there was'-, no occasion for
Rose' to work, but ; she wanted to
make some money- for herself. She
has been keeping company for years
with a young man and he always used
to bring her home at night. ' There Is
something In this case that I cannot
fathom. I do not believe Rose stole
the things or that she tried to; poison
the Jacksons. . It is all a horrible mis?
take. My husband is a cousin of
Judge Murasky, but he has been;un
able to see the • Judge,* as he Is busy
with the coming ; elections. We will
employ a lawyer and I hope the truth
will soon come out. Rose ; has never,
acted as If there was -anything wrong
mentally with her, but has "always
been bright and happy. Mrs. Jackson
told me that she .would not take any
steps against her and that she had
every confidence In her."
AJjIi TAKEN SICK.
The^ case of Rose Holsworth, the
servants girl charged with, stealing
articles from her employer, Harold P.
Jackson, 2658 Market street, and at
tempting: to poison the family by\ put
ting carbolic acid in the household
milk, is puzzling the police. The girl
talks sensibly enough, but the acts of
which she is accused are so extraordi
naf y that the conclusion has been
reached that she is mentally Irrespon
sible. She will be sent to-morrow
morning \p the Central Emergency
Hospital to be examined by the In
sanity Commissioners.
The girl persists in her denial of
having stolen the pongee silk coat,
skirt and bicycle belonging to Mrs.
Jackson. She also denies having put
the carbolic acid in the milk. She said
yesterday morning: "I am sure some
man robbed the house. I had $20 of
my own money that I had saved— a
110 gold piece, a $5 gold piece and $5
In silver — stolen at the same time,
with the exception of .65 cents, which
I found on the floor. ¦ * The reason I
went with the little girl out the Ingle
side road was because on Sunday even-
Ing I saw a woman going along that
road carrying a bundle and I followed
her out of curiosity, v&ext day I took
the little girl with m«i to see where
the woman had put tha bundle. Mrs.
Jackson gave me a dollar for finding it
and Hlldegarde got 10 cents/ Two
days bef ore the house was entered the
baker's dog was sick" and It was
thought some one had given it poison.
BYPAUI; EDWARDS.
Juliana de Kol, Shipped to
Fair From California, Is
Received as a Princess
COW QUEEN MAKES HIT
Prisoner's Motive for At
tempting to Poison Jack
son Family Seems Lacking
State' University Captures
Three Grand Prizes at
the St. Louis Exposition
HER SANITY IS DOUBTED
Case of Young Servant
Girl. Eose Holsworth, Con
tinues to "Puzzle Police
FINE SHOWING
IN EDUCATION
STILL ASSERTS
HER INNOCENCE
THE SAN FRANGISGOSCALIi; ;SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1904.
21
ADVEBmsoifaras.
BUHHBBBBHHBIHHm
I Wrinkles I
I Shriveled I
1 ** After using g
#a few appli- E
astonished B
my friends B
witha dear, B
smooth com- 1
'> , plexion/^ 5
A lady 55 2
: '. dermatologist succeccco in u
— i » removing E
H wrinkles from her face by using B
g LOLA MONTEZ CREME. It will ¦
E do the same for you. To the young g
« face it gives fresh charms, to the old g ,
3 renewed youth. Pot 75c, lasts three a
0 months. All druggists. Q
¦ TRIAL JAR. Ladies sending: this H ,
a ad. and JOc will receive a jar of LOLA B
B. MONTEZ CREME, a box of Face B
J Powder and a book of instructions. B
u- Mrs. Nettie Harrison's I
S 4-DAY g
g HAIR RESTORER g
q V.'ili . brine back th« natural color. \
vt Gray or faded balr restored permanent- - ¦
** ly vrltbout tnconvenlenr« axid with no D
B iisuerei al le after c-lferts. Not a ilye; m
|] I* clean: leaves no sediment and does p
I not make the h»ir eticky. 51.00 per S
S - bottle. All dructfsts. S3
| Mrs. Nettie Harrison |
Q DEKMA.TOLOOIST. :. q
B 1 40 Geary Street, S*n Frandsco B
¦BBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBMH
t : ~ ~ ' : ¦ : v
Dry Goods 6 Company, '
Colored Dress Goods
GREAT VARIETY OF IMPORTED FABRICS JUST OPENED IN
THE NEW WINTER COLORINGS.
BROADCLOTH, made by best foreign manufacturers; per-
manent, bright finish; shown in a splendid line of correct
shades. . Yard —
$2.00, $2.50, $3.00 and $4.00.
CASSIMERE and COSTUME CLOTH— These fabrics are
much used for fine, tailor-made suits; shown in a large
variety of designs and color combinations. Yard —
$L25, $1.50, $2.00, $2.50, $3.00, $3.50.
SILK and WOOL FABRICS, for dressy costumes. An im-
mense variety of these popular materials. Yard —
$1.00, $1.25, $1.50, $2.00, $2.50, $3.00.
I CTT K FUR for OUTER GARMENTS— A splendid variety
of this entirely new material, in moleskin, Persian lamb,
polar bear, chinchilla, poodle dog, lion skin and beaver.
XT — _ J
o $4.00 to $10.00.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Geary and Stockton Streets, Union S^uars.
NEWMAN & LEVETSOX.
; Turnoyer Collars (T\\\A;Oi tW(\rt(¥\; (fl^^lOWUWKCCW will be sent post-
Values up to 50^: A^^i^lV^^ gi?on°s 0U upt *S
spcciaiiworidayat. Kcarny and Suttcr Sts. [ SrH^i^i
IOC bach , Stor* Opens 8.3O Ji. M., Closes 5.3C » P. M. we receive them.
ANNOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY
Monday we begin the Closing Out of our Entire Stock of
Art Glassware and Bronze Ornaments
At ¦ •1'/'* OflTRfanlar Prirfs
This is an exceptional discount sale. We need the room they occupy for other departments
which have outgrown their present space. ' With Christmas not far, off, this sale affords an excel-
lent opportunity of "securing choice : ". holicfay gifts at two-thirds their original puces, which were
themselves extremely^ low. The stock embraces some of the handsomest specimens of Art Ware :
Real Bronze Ornaments - - One-third off Bohemian Art Glassware — One-third off
• Statuettes in Busts and Figures, with «lectric lights > . Vases and Bowls in unique shapes and artistic colorings
Beautiful Art Bronzes « - - One-third off Hand-Garved Glassware - - One-third off
For cabinet ornaments— Animals and Birds of all kinds Choice Karlsbad Vases, in exquisit* hand-carved designs
Choice Kayserzinn Novelties Ona-third Off ;Novelty Desk Ornaments — One-third Off ¦
Trays, Vases, Fern Dishes, Wine Coolers, Match Holders Ink Wells, Paper Weights, Blotters, Stamp Boxes, etc.
Fancy Metal Objects of Art - - One-third off' Fancy Clocks Candelabra One-third off
Classic Busts; Statuary, Groups, etc., In old bronze finish . A large variety of quaint effects, in handsome designs
We.iuggest an early visit for best selections. , *
A Large Special Purchase and Sale of
High Grade Waists for Ladies
Several hundred of the handsomest of this season's exceptionally well made Waists are in-
volved. They represent the surplus stock of a manufacturer who devoted his entire time to the
fashioning of Waists of the better class. The materials'lnclude Brilliantine, Albatros, Nun's Veil-
ing, Jacquard arid French Flannel, exquisitely tucked, embroidered, appliqued and trimmed with
fancy braids, in all the new fall colors, as^well as white. Sizes 32 to 42, divided into two groups:
Waists that Sell Regularly at $4.00 and $4.^0 At $2.50 •
JVaists . that'.Seil Regularly at $5.^0 and $6.^0 .... '. At $3.50
Household Linen Values for Monday
Special Offers of Even More than Extraordinary Interest
. . (Second Floar Batter St.)
Table Linen»n<iPattern Cloths Fine Linen Napkins Excellent Towels
Bleached Table Damask, 72 Inches AH Linen Bfeached Dinner Napkins, Bleached Huckaback Towels, 18x36,
wide, satin finish, regular I1.25 .-¦ n 22 Inches square, in choice de- hemmed-good, serviceable artido
quality,^ special," per yard. . . . . ?1.00 signs; regularly J2.25 dozen, at $1.90 for everyday; worth !2ic each, at 10C
Bleached Damask Table Cloths, 2 yds. Bleached Hemstitched Napkins, 15x15, Hemstitched, Bleached Huckaback
square, in holly, clover, fleur ,^ pure linen, in fleur de lis and Towels, extra heavy quality, part
de Us, lily and dot designs, each $2.65 dot effects, extra good, per doz. $2.75 Hnen— a splendid value at, each. . 18c
Ladies' Black Silk Belts Fine Dress Trimmings
•A Third and^ a Half Below their Worth Specially Priced' for Monday
(First Floor Sutter St.) (First Floor Kemrny St.)
Five styles to select from \\n the newest up-to-date About a thousand yards of Silk Chiffon Applique
effects, made of \ fine quality Peau de Soie and Taffeta Trimmings, entirely new and choice designs^from one to
Silks— some plain, others are: neatly shirred, trimmed thret inches wide, in black, white, navy blue and brown,
with crocheted buttons and rings; regular 75c and $1. 00 Value 75c a yard.. ...... At 50c
values— on Sale Monday Value $1.50 a yard ..At 85c
At 50C Each Value 51.65 a yard At $1.00
Peau de Cygne Silks Men's Bath Robes
¦Special at $1.00 -a Yard Special at $3.50
(First Floor Kcarny St.) ¦ (Third Floor K ear ny St.)
There's nothing more popular at the present season for These Bath or Lounging Robes are made of an ex-
costumes or waists. They come in changeable, two-toned cellent quality wool Eiderdown, in pretty check designs,
effects and the choicest plain colorings, such as browns, with large collar and girdle to match gown; colors are
blues, greens and champagne, also white, cream 1 ftft gray, red, terracotta, brown and tan— all sizes Cf|
or black; 20 inches wide, exceptional value at — «pl.UU — on sale to-morrow, while quantity lasts, at, each «jO.OU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.RAYMOND HITCHCOCK^ th« noted actor,
gives bis experience . with
. ~ED. Pinaud's Eaude Quinine Hair Tonic
That others may profit by It. READ CARE-
FULLY WHAT HE SAYS:
. Broadway Theater,
+ . Kcw York. . Augr. 19, 1904. -
I hav« .: used " ED.; PINAUD'S EAU DH
QUININE for ; five years. I began its ; use r to
euro a bad case of dandruff, which It did, and
I atlll continue to use , It because it li an in-
vigorating and refreshing balr tonio.
» " : . Sincerely yours,
.Everybody ; who reads or Roes to the theater
knows Raymond Hitchcock, and bis/ letter and
hundreds i of ¦ others " which . we have published ;
ehould convince .you '-.that i there Is . one hair
| tonic that will cure dandruff, stop i hair falling
out, and; promote, Its growth, j REMEMBER - -
: En^PIMAUD'S
HAIR^TONIC
, is "^he original I hsir x and ? scalp- tonic; and - on
account ° of i is i success ., there r are many > cheap
; substitutes .' advertlf-ed. BEWARE * OF * HAIR
TONICS? THAT. GUM THE^HAIR. ED PIN-
BAUD'S HAIR TONIC is' guaranteed ' to promote
(the growth: of the hair, cure dandruff and stop
! hair falling | out.* FREE S bottle ; of : hair • tonic,
L bottle | of | dentifrice I and | our I latest : : creation 1 In
perfume mailed on receipt of 10c to paypost-
: age .'and "packing.*"' * • ". ¦¦ s ¦..- .-;•..
Address American, Office, :
ED. PINAUD, ED. PINAUD BUILDIN6;
; : 5th Avel «nd<4th St; t New York Ciiy.'Zn
rr-\\^ajre^h^^I^e^t:^'nafac*:
tuirersinthyf : worldy6f;high.
grade perfumes. Our name iis
a guarantee of highest quality £
; ISgttrfum§rht Ed. Pinaud, IS
r Pl*<&yep4QmefP^arisy$$B&j$& \
• GOU) DUST. " ,
JL . , "Let the
jJ'CIt^^ GOLD
Don't Lose Your Nerve >?S \
because dishes have to be washed 1095 times a year — summon . p-
to your aid and let the twins do your work. GOLD DUST is woman's
best friend-^dirt's l\ worst r eriemy.
OTHER 'GENERAL' I Scrubbing floors, washin? clothes and dishes, deanfc? wood-
> USES .'FOR -- . • :j work. -oil cloth, sil/erwara and tinware, polishing brass worlc,
GOLD DUST; . : I cleansing bath room, pipes, etc.-and makir.jr the finest soft soap.
; Mada'tyTHE N. K. FAIRBANK C0»O>ANY, Chfca*o— Makersof FAIRY SOAP.
GOLD-DUST makes hard watSsmMmCome, Night, upon thy raven wings
Plumed with -their rich imaginings.
To fill my dreams and charm away
The din and clamor of the day.
Fling' thy deep shadow over me
Till by thy weird necromancy r -
Thou hast dissolved this solid care C*
And made it shapeless with the air.
Come like some stealing shadow, flung
From leafy branches overhung
In this oasis of the day
Where for a little while I stray.
Come with thy cup "of dreams and be
An angel ministering to me.
A.s one who. weak from battling lies,
Unconquered. but too worn to rise.
The warrior. Day. has harried me.
A foeman pitiless is he.
Yet vanquished when, with pitying eye
And palm of peace thou comest nigh.
Come with thy velvet darkness, Night.
Thy cloak of mail so soft and light
Yet turning every missile sent.
From Care, as falls an arrow spent.
Come with thy wealth of twinkling gem»
Of dreams, and on diadems -
Like jewels set m my bended knee
Let me fall down and worship the-.
Come. Night, upon thy raven wings.
Plumed with their rich imaginings.
And through the gathered darkness. keet»
The vigil of thy sister, Sleep.
— J. W. Foley, In New York Times.
NIGHT
He has put himself on record, and
the fact makes him over-critical. He
feels bound to a selfish consistency of
conduct; he must live up to the repu
tation [tar fastidiousness which he has
established for himself with his ac
quaintances, says Dorothy Fenimore in
the Chicago Journal.
Self comes to assume in his horizon
undue proportions. He stands, as It
were, upon an imaginative mountain
of the Brocken, and he sees his 1 fig
ure - reflected, many times its normal
size, upon the clouds of popular pre
judice around him.
Of course every high-minded man,
married or single, has his ideal of
womanhood, -In which he believes im
plicitly, even against the evidence of
THERE is no type of man more
fickle in love than the egotist
with'professed ideals of woman.
He is as hard to suit as a Scotch
sermon taster.
The generous youth who thinks ot
wedlock has faith in the possibility ot
there being in the world a fit mate *o r
himself at his highest realization, j^
knows his preferences, and hag some
"general idea of the style of woman who
would suit him. Rarely, however ex
cept in idle mood— at least so men
have told me— does he attempt even
the outlines of a feminine port-ait
He likes, rather, to let the sweet in
fluence which he dreams may sonr? da/
enter into his life be like soft music
filling in the silences of his bachelor
solitude. He expects to find himself
— by losing himself— in loving.
The egotistical man. on the oth°r
hand,-.deffties his ideal in tenn3 of his
own personality. "My wife must bs
thus and so," he reasons, "because I
myself am thus and so. Unless a girl
meets these requirements of mine she
will not make me happy.**
unfortunate personal experience, or
against the testimony of meaner na
tures than his own.
MOST FICKLE IN LOVE IS THE MAN j
WITH PROFESSED IDEALS OF WOMAN I
ODDITIES
RECIPES
FUTURE FASHIONS
ANSWERS
Special information supplied daily to
buslysg houses and public men by tha
Preawtriippine Bureau < Allen's). 30 Cal
-i*«rai* atreet. Telephone Main 10-iX, •
stump to I; the)' trees .in taking; to^the
Philadelphia : Teie-
; - Judge , Parker t has 'officially/ declared
that '; he r will ?, notltake ; to'i the l sturiip:
wu«;judea! it^bTK|^te»TrTom!the'
A ':¦; Rochester i woman * declares i, that a
!water;b^s~fllle^^tl^lcV'wj£ter ! andlap-'
P^^Jt^^^tow^^tbralntwiUfre-
To Relieve Insomnia,
The Swiam v tunnel' on the Transcau-.
casiah Railroad is . located at . an alti
tude' of < nearly ,4000 feet and is two
arid . a i half ( miles in length: It ' has
been .completed in four years. The
average "advance ¦ in \ twenty-four hours
was -aboutTeishteeri feet. " . • ,
A Marvelous Tunnel.
Town*end's California Glace frulta in
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
On ; November 1. 1904. will be advanced
10c per lb. Holiday orders received .:p to
that date at present price. ¦
T^ Ht State^Farmers Institute, r which has just > completed a^ note
| worthy session in Berkeley, has; inaugurated { a campaign : - for the
furtherance of work in agricultural study at ; the: State
sity. By. resolutions unanimously passeci the delegates 'petitioned
the State Legislature to appropriate the sum qf;$s<»,ooo\f6r the"
•rection of a new building:; to house ttie^ asrricultural ' course : in the*
THE NEEDS OF AGRICULTURISTS.
An Ozark . County man who .went , to
Louisville, Ky.', last week to attend the
funeral of • his . uncle'-. 1 drifted out to" a
picnic I instead, and f was later arrested
for. drunkenness.-. When 'he was re
leased: from f jail the next morning the
funeral "was all over.
He Was Too Late.
, "Whenj/girl is pretty. in the South',"
said a' traveler, from 1 Dixie, ;Vshe is very
pretty.": But the average is riot "nearly
so Jgood ; :^looking} ; as in ! the : > Norths
Really, food", looking \ girls are, the ex
ception, but r there I are \ certainly /some
beauts.' ;.Iri [ the ? North ''.''."almost: every
girl , you ' meet would' pass as ' a . pretty
girl, but in .the : South 7 there <\ are < some
awful ,' frights. They : appear to s be
.tired otitland lack i air interest or ¦ en
thusiasm.\" Even/ the \ beauties are the
plastic. ;pallid,';languid/soft' You miss
thered and rosy,: robust type "so c m- °
mori. in the ; North."— Milwaukee -Wis
cohsln; ".¦¦ : 'u ''¦'.-.'¦ ¦-: '¦¦..•:'
Pretty J Northern Girls.
Bohemia is the country :of long
courtships. In /no other part of the
world are they so abnormally drawn
out. It , . is '• not rare hear of en
gagements which have* extended from
fifteen to twenty "years/ * An . old , man
died recently • in Prague at ', the ' age of
99, who had: been courting 'a sweet
heart f 6r,'slxty-two years. Wg$L
Ix>ng iCourtslUps.
In silks^'the :chln*on taffetas, crepes
and . tussahsr will be favorites. . Soft
failles and shantung and, '. of course, the
standard '.'India's Jand 'foulards will be
more or less in demand.
Elsie Swan, 21 years old, died in con
vulsions aVMinonk, 111., a few days ago,
after Seating a part of a 'banana. Local
physicians assert : ; the banana was poi
soned by. a centipede. The fruit came
from Chicago. A telegram tothe whole
sale dealer brought ;the reply that cen
tipedes often ' come ; as passengers in
bunches of bananasSHT&S&i
Centipede, Banana, Death.
HEKTOGRAPH— An Old Subscriber.
Alameda, Cal. The following is given
as the method for making a hekto
graph that, if allowed to remain for
two days after using, will not need
washing, but will absorb all the ink
and not interfere with the making or
a new transfer: Soak an ounce of good
gelatine over night in enough cold
water to cover it well, taking care that
all the gelatine is swelled.. Prepare a
salt-water bath by dissolving /two
ounces of common salt in a pint of
water. Heat seven or eight ounces of
glycerin over the, salt- water bath; to a
temperature of 200 Fahrenheit, then
pour off from the gelatine ail the
water remaining", unabsorbed, add the
gelatine to the hot glycerin, continuing
the heating for an hour, carefully stir
ring the mixture 'occasionally, avoiding
as much as possible the formation of
bubbles. Finallv add twenty drops of
the oil of cloves to prevent decompo
sition. The composition Is then: ready
to pour into shallow tins in which It Is
to 'be! used. ' After the tin is filled it
must remain in a level position, for at
least five hours, in cool place before
using for the pi'-pose of making trans
fers.
;¦'. Probably the most fashionable fabric
for the great: majority for, the coming
spring 'and "summer i will ;¦ be'' mohairs,
the plain ; qualities leading and ,the
"fancies," as,.they- are ;termed, . being
second, : while, aside from .: mohairs,
eoliennes lwlll ' be ! second '¦ in the race.
Voiles will be worn by; the .ultra fash
ionable. It must be remembered that
the manufacturers ! are making or have
already manufactured ' the J goods for
the coming spring and summer, of 1905,
arid : . that 'buyers for the f smart : , shops
are now, placing • and ; have ¦been so for
weeks, orders for. these^ goods; 'there
fore, . if it ; is ; known what, fabrics^ are
selling best it is easy to determine what
will be worn. ttiUBBBKUBBSB
Cotton pongees, while hot a novelty,
are being J perfected as = imitations of
the " silk pongees.
Accompanied by a white mule, which
carries a small : traveling outfit, they
are making ; a walking . tour through
Italy. A large staff of servants .with
heavy luggage travels ahead of the
bridal pair to arrange for their recep
tion - at the best hotels of the "towns
visited. .
The Prince of "Waldenburg, a wealthy
Viennese nobleman, and his newly, wed
ded bride are spending their honey
moon in an original manner.
Walking Honeymoon.
JUDGED by what appears in our always able and sometimes ami
able contemporary, the Colusa Sun, that fertile part. of the
Sacramento Valley is the only place in the United States where
the campaign is above blood heat. Indeed, it would appear that" a
fever thermometer would lose its quicksilver, by running out at the
top, if it were put under the political tongue of old 'Golusa. The
Sun shines vertically up there, and-every beam ' is : a^ blazer. In a
recent issue that paper says: "The white people of the South were
trying to do all in their power to elevate the. standard of negro in
telligence. But Mr. Roosevelt comes in and- tells them the}* must
take the negroes in as social equals; orders them what they must 'do."
Really that is so bad that we must call for a bill- of; particulars.
We want the text of that order and the exact language in .which the
President told them to make the negroes social equals. President
Jefferson, the father and founder of. the- Democratic party, had a
regro to dine with him, and the. Democratic; party, ran a candidate
once for" the" Vice Presidency who: had a negro .wife and a large
family of mulatto children^ If he had become : President a negro
woman would have been the mistress of the White House and the
first lady of the land. Wouldn't that have made. Colusa^ torrid?
But what is the wisdom of being foolish? Why imagine vain
things?. President Roosevelt has done none of the things imputed to
him. He accepts, as all sensible men do, the declaration of Booker
Washington that the negfo is not thinking of social. equality and
does not desire it. What he needs is. recognition of: the "fact that he
is a human being and entitled to the natural rights that belong jto
men. Social distinctions are artificial, even among white* people,.and
they are equally- artificial among .negroes; and; are-just: as much"'af
fected by race and color. . • ,*
If our venerable friend of. the Colusa Sun wait to receive a negro
on terms of social equality by order of President' Roosevelt?; he Twill
have longer life than his fondest friends have wished for; him. IWe'
implore him to refrigerated little. Itis not good f6r>the"blood to
get so hot. BpBBWBMBWBBHe: .
Printed ; organdies, j in exquisite de
signs, will be sold ' as low as 25 cents
a yard, and these will be made in the
Pompadour and Louis XV designs.
ONE week more to election. This means a week. in which the
people of this city will consider the responsibility that is upon
them to set the pace for the future in the election of; a judiciary.
This is the first time in the history of San Francisco 'that j we have
a fair chance "to take the; judgeships out of party politics and free
the bench of all obligations to either party or to any organization
of men. V'
The Bar Association appreciates. the value of the opportunity by
formally favoring the" election -of Judges Miirasky, .Troutt,.Seawell
and Kerrigan. Every.^lawyer knows the advantage of taking -his;
cause to an unbiased Judge. But when the election. of Judges* is; a"
purely party- matter what lawyer goes without misgivings ¦• before; a
Judge 5 in a case in which; the; Judge's party manager ; is ¦interested on,
the. other side? That fact may* riot sensibly affect 'the court, "but
taking human nature as it is, there- is always; a feeling that; it may
insensibly 'deflect the judicial frriirid, and that justice' will not 'get
impartial consideration. Now .if**, these feelings affect t the»;lawyers
sufficiently to enlist the bar.iri the election of an impartial bench, how
much more important: is such aJbench to the : people!
Therearemany more clients thian : lawyers. . Indeed, /every citi
zen is a potential suitor, at law, to vindicate his rights of person' and
property. If . every "Judge*; must C go to the -bench" after an intense'
partisan struggle • carrying with' him trie : obligations '] implied;. byjsuclv
a' contest,; it -will :Soon{be;.thatj self-respecting '-lawy^
ments that fit? them- for the bench .'will cease to 'strive for the bench;
since it -will be attainable; only by- incurring obliga^^
compatible; with /theVproper discharge of /itsiduties. Then the /ju
dicial'office-will retrograde :and;thel safeguard of' impartiality* will be
removed to the injury.' of (every /citizen. ;. >
We regard: it as ; of the : highest importance thati such a- risk^be:
avoided by : re-electing, the/ incumbent .Judges and setting an example
that will be followed Mn the; fth^
ernment there : was* much; discuss
JudgeV. ; Every one'; sW^
age;;and; ajl feared- th^:impairn^^
chosen^ as "partisans.; Ben Franklin^ proposed that the choice - of
Judges be left to the lawyers, because th^
the best; and highest and; ptirestccharacten/ Franklin
was a wise - man and his plan ; for choice ' of Judges is : practically of
fered to .the people of, tW
mentof : Judges \M^
people ; appro ye 'the ; wisdom \ FrankHrithey ; will never regreQit^
RED rfOT IN COLUSA.
THE LAST; WEEK.
MILITARY SERVICE— Citizen. City.
If a man. native of a foreign country,
to which he owes military service,
leaves that country before the per
formance of such service comes to th»
United States and becomes a citizen
thereof, if he returns to the land of his
birth he Is liable to be taken by th»
authorities and made to perform that
military service. In the matter of an
obligation due to a foreign country
prior to the acceptance of an alien to
American citizenship th*e United States
will not interfere. Germany, In of
peace, permits any of its subjects who
Ijave become citizens of the United
States hut have not performed military
duty to visit that country for a period
not exceeding four months without b«
ing forced into military service. ' *
Among new gown materials for the
coming summer, will be cotton linens, if
such a term may.be properly applied to
clever imitations of linen, and the.Imi
tation i,will include even \ to the irreg
ular weave. So close are" these Imita
tions that an unskilled person cannot
detect the' difference when they are
made, up. .
MEADOW LAKE— A. O. 8^ City.
Meadow Lake is In Nevada County,
Cal., 182 miles from San Francisco by
rail, via Cisco, thence 12 miles by stage.
.- The letting of an acre of land has
Just been sold near Brldgewater; Eng
land, by the burning of half an inch
of candle, the last bidder before the
flame died out being, the purchaser.
The land was left four centuries ago
for church purposes,- the testator di
recting, that the letting should be sold
every twentw-one* years by the "burn
ing of the candle," and the quaint pro
cess has been observed periodically
ever since.
A Quaint Process.
Bert Crum, who resides northeast of
Sulphur Springs, O.; has a turkey gob
bler which has succeeded In hatching
a dozen chickens. Not being satisfied
with the work already accomplished
the gobbler has undertaken to raise the
chicks and is doing as well as a mother
hen could. This is the second attempt
of the gobbler to hatch a lot of egg3.
the first attempt being a failure. Sev
enty-nine years ago Cram's great
grandfather possessed a gobbler of
equal distinction, the ancient gobbler
having hatched a lot of eggs.
Turkey Hatches Chickens.
A GARMENT Just resurrected in
Paris, but which is ] in reality so
. old-fashioned as not to be re
membered : save by a few old-timers,
Is the "casaque," says the Philadelphia
Ledger. Shorter than the redingote or
pelisse, it is no longer than the ancient
basqulne, but resembles both. It is cut
to; fit and may be worn either open or
closed. The sleeves-^f medium width —
are loose or shirred into bands. The
skirt of the coat or casaque, while close
at about the waistline, falls at the bot
tom in a sort of organ jplait effect. It
is a wrap especially adapted to the
autumn. One . such is in pearl gray
zibeline, lined with white satin. It is
plain, but has Directolre . revers . that
form folds across, the bust in the cen
ter, and the same fold effect is repeated,
on the sleeves. It is severely plain, but
the quality of the zibeline and satin is
such that a very, handsome and expen
sive garment results from the combina
tion. There are, however/ several hand
some: silver and cut steel ¦ cabochons
down the front.
university, and further sought to have the annual State appropriation
for the support of farmers' institutes advanced from $6ooo to $io,
ooo to meet the increasing needs of the service. „._. •
This appeal of representative agriculturists from all over the
State merits consideration by the Legislature, for it directly concerns
immediate needs of the greatest of California's industries. The agri
cultural college over at Berkeley, which has come to take the position
of mentor in "questions of scientific farm practice and .initiator ' of
hew ideas for producers the State over, has so far* outgrown the
limits of its earlier province as' to be seriously handicapped in the
work" of properly training its students' and carrying on original in
vestigation along experimental lines. At present time isolated sheds
and even an unused barn have been pressed into ajrvice to accommo
date the'great bulk of work that has come upon this department of
the university. A new. building, adequate to present needs and de
signed to permit of the introduction of instruction in new and im
portant courses, is a crying need.'
The work that has been done by the farmers' institutes in the
past is sufficient argument for the need of increasing this sphere of
the university's activity. At present time regular instructors in the
agricultural department are forced to divide their time so largely be
tween classes at Berkeley and institute' work in the. field that the
aims of their joint endeavor are accomplished, with difficulty only.
Through its work- as ; an agricultural 'experiment station and its ex
tension of instruction through the institutes the department at
Berkeley has made itself invaluable to agriculturists in every: district
in the State. In large measure, has that, class of producers -come to
depend upon the assistance and encouragement of the scientists in
the State institution. Their call for aid represents ah endeavor Ijn
the best interests of the whole State and should be accorded favorable
consideration.
Caramel Pudding. — Melt one-half cup
of sugar and cook until it begins to
color, then add two tablespoons of hot
water and four cups of hot milk. Beat
six eggs, add half a level teaspoon of
salt, a teaspoon of vanilla flavoring,
then pour on the milk. Have a mold or
dish buttered and strain the mixture
into it. Set in a pan of hot water and
bake half an hour, or until the cus
tard la set. Serve with a sauce.
Sauce for Caramel Pudding. — Melt
one cup of sugar and cook until it
colors slightly, add one cup of hot
water and cook gently for ten min
utes. Turn the pudding from the
mold, and when served pour a little. of
the sauce round each portion. >
Cocoanut C-im Pie.— Line a deep
plate with paste and bake. Heat two
cups of milk to the scalding point and
pour it over the yolks of two eggs,
one-Quarter cup of sugar, and one
quarter cup of cornstarch mixed to
gether. Return to the double boiler
and cook for six minutes. Pour Into
tLe crust, cover with the white*. %t the
two eggs beaten with a tablespoon of
powdered sugar. Brown In the oven,
which should be moderate.
She is about 17 years old- Having
become dissatisfied with her home life
she took this ¦ means ' of ascertaining
the feeling of her family concerning her.
When found the girl was so weak
that she was unable to give any In
formation as to her whereabouts or
whether she had remained in. the one
position all the time. She admitted
drinking a can of milk that had been
put down for the cat.
After remaining hidden from view for
seven day?, Daisy Ness of Dallastown,
Pa., was found in the sitting-room of
her parents' home crouched behind an
organ. The girl was In an emaciated
condition from the want of- food.
Girl Hides for Seven Day*.
1**HE Russian Baltic fleet ran amuck from the time it left N its
home waters. Its officers were evidently in a panic of fear.
Their condition exposes the spell that is upon them in conse
quence of the warlike spirit, skill, address, and tactics shown by the
Japanese. They believe that their enemy has magical power which
enables him to appear in any sea and threaten them with destruction.
Under the influence of fear the fleet proceeded to fire upon every
ship it met. While yet in the Skagerrack it firqd upon Swedish and
Danish and German merchant ships, and only bad shooting prevented
£ tragedy before the British trawlers were encountered and sunk,
and murder was committed on the high seas.
The case is the most aggravated in all history. It defied neutral
rights, violated neutral flags and constituted such' an insult to the
national honor of four nations as to be a legitimate cause of war.
i\Vhen the riot of fear was over and the crazy fleet, finding itself out
of repair in a four days' run, put into a Spanish, port to patch up,
the admiral insulted the intelligence of the world by reporting that
lie was attacked in the North Sea by Japanese torpedo-boats, and
by intimating that they were there by connivance of Great Britain.
Every naval officer knows that if his report were true and the
Japanese boats were there, the Russian admiral would not be above
%vater to tell of it, and his ships would be at the bottom of the
Korth Sea. ...
The whole affair and the lame and false excuse offered for it
would have justified Great Britain in sinking every Russian ship.
But a different course has been taken by the British Cabinet that
is more honorable than a thousand victories in battle. Great Brit
ain consents to an investigation by an international court, accord
ing to the terms of The Hague convention. This makes for peace
on earth and as it is by the assent of a power that could wipe
every Russian warship from the waters of the world, it is an exhibi
tion of national self-control and humanity that puts Great Britain in
the front rank of international peacemakers and friends of the
human race. -:vV ; :
The news of this concession for peace by a power able to make
war is not accompanied by a statement of the constitution of the
court. Under The Hague convention the signatory nations appoint
members of a permanent court, a sort of venire from which an in
ternational jury is drawn, which judges both the law and the facts.
The question submitted is one that it was believed would never go
to that tribunal. It was thought by the members of the peace con
\ention which drew the treaty that questions involving national
honor directly would not go to the court that was created. Rather
it was believed that only indirect and secondary issues, only re
motely involving the honor of nations, would be considered. Among
these would be financial claims, disputed boundaries, the observance
of treaties of commerce, extradition and expatriation, and perhaps
amendment and revision of the international code of war "as formed
by the Geneva convention.
While it is true that many of these issues might be among the
causes of war, they are secondary and not primary causes. The con
duct of the Russian fleet is a primary cause. Great Britain would
have been justified in treating the firing on the trawlers as an act of
war, to be followed by an order to Embassador Hardinge to demand
his passports of the Czar, and immediate reprisal. We said recently,
in reviewing the condemnation of the American naval power by Mr.
John W. Foster, that peace is to be secured only by action- of the
powers that are entirely able to make war. It is for the hawk and
not the hen to make peace. This observation is speedily justified
by the honorable course of Great Britain. But does any one believe
that Russia would have taken that way out of .the 'difficulty had not
Great Britain beert able ,to 'carry resentment to the extent of de
stroying Russian sea power? It is obvious that peace for weak na
tions, and for the world, must come from abstention of the strong
and not in answer to the pleadings of the weak. _>-,¦
The adjustment by international arbitration of this primary
cause of war between the two empires is so supremely important that
its' value cannot be overestimated. It forms a. new basis for the
public opinion of the world. Hereafter two nations betw r een which
there is primary cause for military strife will find it practically im
possible to draw the sword until the soothing effect of international
arbitration has been tried. And when tried it is practically certain
that war will be averted.
There may be another more immediate effect. The same public
opinion that this settlement will generate may force an ending of
the carnage in £sia to which Russia is a party, and bring about a
settlement of th^war with Japan. The Japanese Government has
kept within reach of such a possibility by strict observance of all of
the few humanities of war. Her summons to Port Arthur to surren
der when defense became hopeless was approved by the world. When
Stoessel refused, the Japanese offer of safe conduct from the be
sieged fortress of women, children and non-combatants kept Japan
in line with the world's conception of humanity and its aspiration for
peace, and again Stoessel's refusal heightened a contrast favorable to
the Mikado.
Let us hope that Great Britain has accomplished a good to the
world far beyond the peacefur settlement of an issue that justified
immediate war.
FOR PEACE ON EARTH.
PROGRESS OF PARKER'S CAMPAIGN.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
3OITN D. SPKECKETjS ..-.........'........ • .Proprietor
ADDHESS ALi. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McXAUGTTT ................ Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE .THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAX FRANCISCO
SUNDAY , OCTOBER 30, 1904
THE ¦ S AN r ~F< R ANGISGO iGALL, SUNDAY, COGTOBER^ 30, 190^
22WRITTEN FOR TiiEGflLL BY ;#|P. DUNNE.
NOTHING TERRIBLE IN THE PRESENT WAR SAYS MR. DOOLEY WHO THINKS IT INDEED A GLORIOUS SPECTACLE
dhraw he was entitled to th' stakes.
! "Wudden't it be fine? Who wudden't
walk to Bloomingtdn, Illinye, to sec that
sturdy but prudent warryor, th' King iv
MEAGER SALARIES.
It may be some comfort to laboring
men to know that the salary "of the
poet laureate of England is $360 a
year and a hogshead of wine thrown
in. Of course, this represents only a
fractional part of what Alfred Austin
really earns; still it is* all that he gets
for being poet laureate to the English
speaking race. This salary is without
any prospect of «a raise, although It
was increased to Its present munificent
proportions when Lord Tennyson died.
Some, time before his death it was de
cided to increase his salary to that
amount, but the Government did not
decide till after his death. Thus the
present poet laureate came in for the
raise intended for Lord Tennyson.
Even ' this ' small sum Is more than
the official salary of the Bishop of
Winchester.' in his capacity of minister
to the chapel royal. He receives {35
per annum. It is an office which re
quires'his presence at Windsor several
times each year and the total railway
fares from Winchester amount to
about five times the amount of his
salary." The Vice Consuls of the sec
ond ' class - towns in ; Russia are a Lao
badly : paid. : .Their salaries ; vary from
J 25 to . 1130. but • two-thirds of them
sends their brightness to distant fields.
Through the. new. and important meth
od of correspondence schools the educa
tional influence of Chicago is extending
over -the globe. The .University of Chi
cago has from the start made a special
feature of offering instruction by cpr
respondence in, subjects 'of a university
grade.* Last year 1744 students availed
themselves of - the j opportunity. The
Northwestern' University, at Evanston,
; has within the year adopted the, plan
'and has" a large correspondence school
in ; connection /with it. Probably the
American School of Correspondence of
the Armour Institute of Technology has
the : largest number of students receiv
ing* special instruction by. mail. .-'The
names on their, list exceed 60,000. They
are 'located all over the world, over 1000
being -in New Zealand : alone. One re
markable thing In connection with this
correspondence \work . is -the age of the
applicants.- The average age is between
30 and 40 years. The oldest student in
the Armour ; School' of Correspondence
Is 74 - years. Few - of these ." students
could fulfill '; the requirements f or^ ad
mission to college,, but many of them
do excellent work in their chosen sub
jects. Many of them wish to better
their condition by a change; of occupa
tion; but niore' frequently ; by acquiring
greater proficiency . in their special ; line
of "work? "iv.f'r. :."
, Among current items of .interest, on
the Pacific Coast may -be' notedithe
fact \ that ' Wesno - is vigorously - enforc
ing^ the compulsory; education law.^ A*
recent 1 report Yof -• the .-'city's .parental
teacher showa that the attendance of -
fleer has visited 159 houses, finding 173
children from 8 to 14 years not attend
ing. A large number of these were
induced to erfter school. Forty-three
of the : absentees were caring for
younger children -while parents were
working away from home. : For such
cases the plan has been successfully
tried elsewhere of establishing a day
nursery at nominal expense, under the
charge of a few women in connection
; with the works in .which many mar
ried women are employed.
Reports from a number of sections
in California Indicate a marked scar
city of teachers and many districts are
without instructors. •
The opening of the San Jose Nor
mal School was signalized by an en
rollment of unusual proportions, in
cluding many teachers from the. East
and several from- the Hawaiian Isl
ands.
In El Paso, Tex., the high school
has established a post graduate course*
for the benefit of those who are un
able to leave home to carry on the
work '.of higher* education. Some, spe
cial . studies will be offered in addition
to advanced work of . the curriculum of
the school. : •
Everett; Wash. .^has had a recent im
portant conference attended by most
of the physicians, the Board of Edu
cation, the school superintendent and
the , principals. \ Its special purpoS>
was to secure uniformity of action 'in
giving physician's certificates of " dis
ability to schoblj children and in pre
venting th,e spread *of contagious dis
eases. A resolution was adopted pro-
ness. ¦,{•¦'
.;Of .the- kindergartens now, established
in about" half of the city, schools it may
be briefly said • that they. f are = regarded
as^the- greatest regenerating force in
the ''public school system/ They are lo
cated chiefly ';(n' the sections . which^ are
inhabited by those of foreign birth!
Not ; alone iwithin its limits 'does Chi
cago ; hold aloft; the", torch "whose flames
are illumining its: own. world," -but jit
T. Crane Manual Training High School.
While receiving ; the t best instruction in
literature, science and history, they are
also" working in wood and metal and
are laying • the foundation of . a good
technical education. The, worth of this
training Js so; fully recognized by the
merchants and manufacturers of the
city.^ that the graduates of this school
are eagerly sought to fill positions of
responsibility. Manual training, cook^-
Ing and sewing will. soon be introduced
into all of the , high schools • of Chicago.
In the upper grades of ' the grammar
schools 14,000 boys were last : year work
ing vwith the saw,, plane and hammer,
while an . equal \ number.' of .girls were
learning to cook and to sew.
;v The'ardent commercial energy of Chi
cago, which is thus finding vent in the
"preparation for life" Idea, will soon be
represented in. 'the great^ commercial
high school the board is planning .io
build in the central part of the city.
The graduates of such a school will
thus- be: grounded r in c the ' elementary
commercial knowledge which Is so
'needful; for modern mercantile pursuits
and .which , requires years for: acquisi
tion when obtained incidentally in busi-
vidlng for an examining board of
three, to consist of the Health Offi
cer, the family physician and another
to be appointed by the president of the
Board of Education. The physicians
volunteered to donate their services in
such matters and for Inspection of the
school buildings.
In manual : training; theT Chicago peo^.
pie have an \ intense belief. ' Over' 1000
vouncr mM «.— -*«andinjr } the Richard
salary is offered to every teacher who
will pass certain examinations at the
end of the year.
It is unquestionable that the educa
tional impulses received = by Chicago
from the Columbian Exposition of. 1893
were beyond estimate in extent and
value. The • ublic schools are now
conducted by the people and for the
people, to teach the things the people
want. Pull has been divorced from
the appointment of the teaching force
and the teachers ; are appointed solely
on account of their fitness for their
particular positions. The Board of Edu
cation is- becoming a strictly business
corporation with the sole object^of
spending its JIO.000,000 • of annual ap-,
propriatlons for the ; best interests of
the 280,000 children under their charge.
The school ' buildings built within 5 the
last five years are practically fireproof
and of the . advanced type of school
architecture. One of , the finest speci
mens yet I built is the Wendell Phillips
High School. In addition to its several
laboratories, completely equipped, the
building has a gymnasium, swimming
pool' and , lunchroom. Open playgrounds
are a feature of Chicago's advancing
school life. They surround all the new
school houses and the' Board' of Edu
cation is arranging to expend $2,000,000
in adding to existing playgrounds and
in furnishing new ones in localities now
destitute of these ; ftdlspensable appen
dages for the health, development and
morality, of : city children.* .'.„ /-¦-',
istry students have the use of the
chemical laboratory for general chem
istry, qualitative and quantitative an
alysis and physical chemistry. Latin
instruction is furnished in an element
ary course. The algebra work supplies
a brief review of algebra through quad
ratics and the study of advanced sub
jects. English literature hours pro
vide for a survey of its development by
sketches of the origin and growth of
English literature and the influences
that have molded it as illustrated by
the works of eminent authors. All of
these courses are given Saturday fore
noons and generally with the heads of
the departments in charge.
The teachers of Chicago are now en-
Joying superior advantages for profes
sional training while carrying on their
regular work. A second gift of Mrs.
Emmons Blaine led to the establish
ment of . what was at first called the
College for Teachers, but is now. called
University College. This is .a down
town ' branch of Chicago University
where classes are given in the after
noon and evening and on Saturday for
the benefit of teachers and others who.
are unable to attend classes in the
daytime. About half of the students
registered there are regular, graduates
or undergraduate ; ~ but the
work is open also to special students.
Another Chicago innovation may ' be
noted in the establishment ; by the City '
Board of Education of free classes; in
sciences. languages, mathematics, his
tory and philosophy for the, benefit of
the: public school- teachersl s Aprize in
tbf. fcb^LDe of a" substantial ,'lncraaaa in
Civics are given in a course upon a
comparative and historical -. study of
the American form of government.
English composition receives attention
through a^study of methods and prob
lems of composition in the grades and
the high schools- The course on read-
Ing Is 'designed to assist teachers in
solving the practical problems ".' that
•rise in the teaching of reading. Chem-
/ r T T ELP the teachers" is
I I the slogan which is now
I I heard in every part of
i 1 the country where good
schools are valued.
Three helps are given in various
ways. The University of Wash
ington, at Seattle, has Just opened
Its second year of Saturday courses for
teachers, as in the past year they have
been highly appreciated by many in
structors of that city and vicinity. By
these aids the univej-sity gives to
teachers, without charge, oppbrtunlties
to continue their education and to dis
cuss advanced methods of teaching.
Tfcese Saturday courses will be given
by the departments of Latin, English
literature, history, pedagogy, political
and social science, chemistry, geology,
botany, zoology and mathematics. One
of the history .courses deals with the
makers of the nation by a series of
lectures on the lives -of Washington,
Franklin; Jefferson, Jackson, Clay,
Webster, Lincoln, Grant, Lee and
'others. Local history is : treated by
lectures and research work in the home
field. Still another course is* upon mod
ern European statesmen, through lec
tures, collateral reading and reports.
Instructors Receiving Aid in All Sections of the. Country.
ADVANTAGES FOR TEACHERS
RABBI J. VOORSAXGER.
I doubt if women ever had true
emancipation and equality until the
latter half 'of the nineteenth century.
There has often been a parity of ma
terial conditions, but never the same
opportunities for intellectual develop
ment. The whole question is narrowed
to opening the colleges and universities
to both sexes or giving equal advant
ages for higher education in separate
institutions of learning.
The place where there is the best
demonstration of the democratic spirit
is in the colleges. There, with the same
standard imperative with every stu
dent, neither wealth nor family counts.
All, whether the rich or those who are
THE American woman! The sub
ject is so comprehensive that it
' would be impossible to do it jus
tice in the space accorded. You ask
me to tell you what I think has made
her what she is? Then I reply to you:
The opening of colleges to women and
the spread of women's clubs.
working their way, are judged by thelf
merits and attainments alone. The
class goes out Into the world and Its
members have varying and widely di
verging measures of success. When,
however, the alumni gather at com
mencement on the old campus before
the genius and embodied spirit of the
university they are one in common
brotherhood of the college and the
common motherhood of Alma Mater.
When girls as well as boys and women
as well as men can claim this kinship
and heredity of liberal learning: at
least, and for the first time in cent
uries, there is equality.
A bright woman wrote recently that
women as yet do not find repose In a
club. They gather In groups and talk
in couples, and when one is alone for
a moment she frantically plunges for
the first group, whether she is wanted
there or not. She has not got over the
sensation that a woman who stands
alone la a wallflower and one who alts
alone Is ostracized.
By Chauncey M. Depew.
INTER DENOMINATIONAL
peace is an essential condition in
the progress of civilized society.
All interpretations of religion
tend to the uplifting of the
masses and the introduction of
moral agencies whereby the value of
life is enhanced, and to that extent
the seal of divinity rests upon every
manifestation that exhibits the un
doubted relationship of God to man.
Interdenominational peace has rarely
been disturbed in San Francisco.
The churches and synagogues have
not been passively tolerant of each
other; nor have they labored under
the restraint imposed by the absence
of state recognition of either church
or creed, but, under the guidance of
large hearted, generous and pro
gressive leaders, they have recognized
the universal mission of religion and
the absolute necessity of- translating
that mission according to the tradi
tions, the genius and theological
foundations of each of them. We
have always sought to emphasize the
points of agreement in our religious
mischief bears ripe fruit.
Religious amity should and must be
maintained. We must honor and re
spect each other, no matter by what
name we invoke God; no matter how
we are trained to think of him. We
must recognize /the ; capacity of each
church and denomination to : promote
the happiness of society, to raise it to
moral and intellectual heights, where
divinity is easily accessible— riot the
far distant, incomprehensible being
whose abode is on the summit of un
scalable mountains or in the infinite
distances, too far even to be bridged
by human thought. Human love
brings divinity straight to the homes
of mankind; human prejudices and
hatred would prove that God is 'far
away, even "from the most gorgeously
adorned altars. The love of man for
man is' the strongest evidence of the
existence of Deity; the hatred of man
for man is the rankest atheism with
which society can be afflicted. The
man who, boasts of his infidelity is
harmless in comparison with a church
that seals its sweetest faith with per
secution and fanatical insistence upon
its exclusive selection. The spread of
religion and pure morals is not so
systems, and rarely pressed the points
of divergence, wherefore it has come
to pass that there is religious" amity
in San Francisco, and we have rarely
been harassed by those unfortunate
religious controversies which bring
church and religion into disrepute and
cast dishonor upon the name and the
glory of the living God.~ *
All churches should strive to main
tain this religious amity. Controversy
is perversive of social peace, and no
prejudices are so dangerous as those
generated by churchly wars. Creeds
striving for supremacy by other means
than the force of conviction have ig
noble i ambitions behind them, . and
while these in the end must defeat
themselves, the warfare- they have
caused lacerates the hearts of the
pious and well intentioned and opens
the door not merely for sectarian
hatred, but for the ridicule of the im
pious, the scorn of the scoffers and
the skepticism of the thinkers. When
religions are at war God weeps and
the devil grins his broadest. Mephis
topheles is never so happy as when
much hindered by l the social evils
that, like rank weeds, spring up in the
richest soils, as by its own agencies.
If the " methods pursued - to save so
ciety, breathe passion and contention;
if the emblems and symbols of faith
bristle with daggers of hatred that
stab sentiment to* death and make the
Christian attributes a laughing stock
among those who since the beginning
have proclaimed God to be a fiction ;
if revealed religion ' prescribes and
persecutes man is justified in saying
that God is the offspring of disordered
brains; if religion . saves and .. helps/
brings peace among men, teaches the
true, good and the beautiful, becomes
the pre-eminent factor in the creation
of _ every reasonable condition of indi
vidual happiness, then atheism may do
its worst, for the world will be God's
world and every kingdom will be his
kingdom.
Whatever we believe religiously can
only be enhanced in spiritual value by
our respectful and reverent attitude
toward other beliefs, and to that ex
tent that we refuse to recognize the in
tegrity and divine call of other faiths,
to that same extent do* we cast reflec
tion and suspicion upon the integrity
of our own.
THE AMERICAN WOM0N.
INTERDENOMINATIONAL PEACE
BY RABBI JACOB VOORSANGER, Pastor of Temple Emanu-El.
varsy. Instead of layin' their stovepipe hats
on th' table an' mixin' it up they hurry home
an' invite iv'rybody in th' house to go out
an' do -their war-makin' fr thim. They set
. "I don't need to." said Mr. Dooley. "If
I keep on coal enough me fireside will make
it too hot fr anny wan that invades it."
England, mixin' it up with th' Llama iv
Thibet, or our own invincible champeen
takin' on th' Imp'ror iv Germany? If they
didn't like th' weapins they'd have me per
mission to use axes. I'd go further. I
wudden't bar annybody fr'm fightin' ¦ who
wanted to fight. If annybody felt th' mar
tial spirit in time, he wud have a place to
use it up. I'd have armies composed on'y
iv officers. It wud be gr-reatr D'ye s'pose
they'd iver get near enough to each other
to hurt? They'd complain that th' throuble
with th' long-distance guns was that they
cudden't be ' made distant enough. Sup
posin' Gin'ral Kurypotkin had to do all th*
fighting fr himsilf. It wud "be betther f'r
him, because thin he cud ordher an ad
vance without bein' so crowded coxnin'
back. 'Supposin*, to gratify his heeryoic
spirit,- he had to ordher himsilf to carry a
thrunk, a cook stove, a shovel, a pickax, an
ikon an' a wurrud iv good cheer fr'm th'
Czar two thousand miles over a clay road,
an' if he did it successfully an' didn't spill
anything he. might hope to be punctured be
a bayonet. An' suppose Gin'ral Oyama had
to walk bare-footed acrost Manchuria an'
subsist four months be whettin' his beak
on a cuttlefish bone. How soon d'ye think
there wud be a battle? War wud be wan
continyous manoover, with wan iv thim
manooverin' west an' th' other manooverin'
east. They'd niver meet till years afther th*
gloryous sthruggle".
"They'll niver do it." said Mr. Hennessy.
"There have always been wars.'"
"An 1 " fools." said Mr. Dooley.
"But wudden't ye defind ye'r own fire
side?"
"It don't in mine." said Mr. Henncssy.
"It ought to," said Mr. Dooley. "War is
a fine thing. Or, perhaps, I'm wrong.
Annyhow, it's a sthrange thing. Here's th*
Czar in Rooshya an' here's th' Imp'ror iv
Japan. They have a diff'rence iv opinyon.
All right, says I; lave thim fight it out. It's
a good healthful ixercise. I'll arrange th'
preliminaries, fix th' polis, an', be hivens,
I'll riferee th' fight. I make th' offer now.
Anny time two high-spirited monarchs feel
that their rile blood threatens to blow up
I "II arrange iverything down to th' photy
gfafts. Whiniver th' boys are ready 111 find
th' barn. An' the offer also goes fr Sicre
ties of State. r---" r
happens? A couple iv stout,
middle-aged gintlemen get into conthro-
• war. I can't say more thin
that All th' other wars ye've iver
shone in has been ayther German wars',
which is carried on be markin' examination
papers, or English wars, which is th' same
as stealin' money from childher, or our own
late gloryous war, which js like gettin'
dhrunk an' bein' fined twinty millyon dol
lars or a hundhred years in the Philippeens.
But this is a rale war. It's a gloryous war.
What cud be finer to th' iditor iv a London
newspaper thin th' spictacle which he can
well imagine iv th' dauntless Jap'nese hurlin'
thimsilves at their gijantic foe an' reck
lessly layin' down their lives that England
may live? An* what cud be -more sublime
to a warlike banker in Paris thiri th' thought
iv th' increased activity on th' banks iv th'
Loyang? It ought to stir th' blood iv th'
heart iv iv'ry American citizen."
£ £ f M HIS is a tur-ible war." said
| Mr. Hennessy.
| "Nawthin' tur-ible about
\ it," said Mr. Dooley. "It's a
THE;SAN FRANCISCO \CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1904.
,TTERE'S the Czar in
H Rooshya an 1 here's th'
.11 Imp'ror iv Japan. They
have a difference iv
opinyon. Lave thim fight it
out. It's a good healthful ex
ercise. . I'll arrange the pre
liminaries, fix the polls an',
be hivens, I'll referee th'
fight. Whiniver th'.boys are
ready I'll find th' barn.
"Who wudden't walk to
Blqomington, Illinye, to see
that sturdy but prudent
warryor, th' King iv England,
mixin' it up with th' Llama
iv Tibet, or our own in
vincible champeen takin' on
th' Imp'ror iv Germany? If
they didn't like the weepins,
they'd have me permission
BARN FIGHT BETWEEN
CZAR' AND THE MIKADO
V / T'D have armies composed
-; : j ori'y iv officers. D'ye
*1 spose they'd iver get
near enough : to each
other- to hurt?
' "Supposin' Gin'ral Kury 1
potkin had to doall th' fightin'*
f'r himsilf. It would be
.betther f'r him, because thin
he cud ordher an. advance
without bein r so crowded
cpmin' back.
"An' suppose Gin'ral
Oyama had to walk bare
footed across Manchuria an'
subsist f'r four months be
whettin' his beak on a cuttle
fish bone. War- wud be wan
continyous mahoover "with
wan iv thim manooverin'
west an' th' other manoover
in' east. They'd niver meet
till years afther th' gloryous
sthruggle." .
WHEN WAR WOULD BE
ONE LONG MANEUVER
wudden't let th' common. people fight at all.
That's th' way it used; to" be. Whin wan iv
th' 61' Kings in Brian: Boru's day had a;
spat with a neighbor both iv!, thim o>dhered
hats at th' hardware _ store - ari' . wint out an'
pounded thim till their head ached. That's
th' way it ought ; to be.* Supposing th' Czar
iv Rooshya an' th' : ; Mikado iv: Japan fell
out. What wud be dacinter- f'r thim thin
to' have a gintlemanly mix-up? Nick Ro
manoff, 1 th' Russhyan, champeen, an' Mike:
Adoo, th' cillybrated Jap'nese Jiu. Jitsu ban
tam, come togither - las' night before" a
crowd iv ripresentative sports in a -barn on
th' outskirts iv th' city. Th' Rooshyan was
seconded be Faure, th' Fririch lightweight,
an' Bill Honezollern, th'Prooshyan. whirl
wind. In th' Jap's corner was AlGuelph,
who bate th' Llama iv, Thibet last week, an'
Rosenfelt, th' American champeen, who has
issued a defi' to th' wurruld. "Before th'
gong sounded th'. Jap rushed^ over. an',
sthruck th' Rooshyan a heavy blow be
neath th' belt! A claim iv foul was en
thered but not allowed, an' at th' tap iv th'
gong both boys wint. at it. hammer an' ]
tongs, but it was ' soon apparent that th'
Rooshyan, though heavier, was tiot in as
good condition as his opponent. . It was
- Walcott an' Choynski allr over, on'y th'
Ropshyan hung on with gr-reat courage. At
th' ind iv th' twiritieth round, whin both
boys were on th' ropes, th'ref'ree,' th' well
known fight promoter, Misther Rotschild,
declared th' bout a* dhraw. , Considerable
bad blood was aroused be a claim be th'
fighters . that durin' th' battle they were
robbed iv their 'clothes be their seconds. As
a fianancial entherprise th' fight was a frost.
Th' ; box office receipts did- not akel th' rent
iv th' barn an thrainin' an' th'
ref'ree decided that as >"th' N fight was a
upon th' roof an' encourage th' scrap.v'Go
in there. Olaf!' 'Banzai, Hip Lung, ye're
doin' well f'r me!' 'There goes wan iv me
brave fellows. I'd almost. send something
tp his widow if I cud, lam her name!' And
so it goes. Bill Ivanovitch is settin' at
home with "his wife an' forty small childher.
He has just done a good day's wurruk an'
his salary iv nine cints is jinglin' in his
pocket. He sets at th' head iv th' table,
carvin' th' candle, an' just as he has dis
thributed th' portions among th' fam'ly an'
kept th' wick f'r himsilf, there's a knock at
th' dure, an' a man in a fur cap calls him
away to thravel eight thousand versts (a
versf bein' Schwartzmeister's way iv de
scribin' a mile) on a Rooshyan railrood) an'
fight f'r Gawd an' his Czar. It's th' ol',,
firm. Whiniver I'm < called on to fight.fr
t Gawd an' me counthry. I'd like to be sure
that th' senyor partner had been consulted.
But Bill Ivanovitch puts on his coat, kisses,
th' fam'ly good-by, an' th' nex' his wife
sCes iv him is a pitcher iv' th'. ol' man an'
a Jap he niver,met before.locked in an en
durin' embrace, and both iv thim as dead
as anny Mikado or Czar cud wish their most
Hie subjiok. Th' Jap don't know what , it's
all about. In Japan he was a horse. There
ar're no rale horses in Japan. Ifithey were
th' people wud have more to eat. So th*
citizens iv th' counthry harness thimsilves
up an' haul the wagons. All ye have to say
to a Jap is, 'Git ap,' an' he moves. Soth'
Mikado says, 'Git ap,' an' th' little fellow'
laves his fireside an' his wives 'an' fam'lies
an' niver comes home no more. Th' best
he gets whin he is kilt is a remark in th'
news fr'm Tokyo that Gin'ral Odzoo's plans
is wurrukin' f av'r'bly. That ought to make
"Now, if I had me way. Hinnessy, I
Copyright, 1904, By McClure, Phillips & Co.
23Damage Suit Compromised.
¦\. In :a; decision upon a demurrer, which
has been under, submission since: ; Sept
ember, 29, Judge, Troutt;. yesterday up
held' the constitutionality of f the': law'
providing that the : premiums for : bonds
given : by j surety, companies foVi State,'
county, and Tcity officials" shall; be -paid"
by 'the . State, "county- or ; city,"respec
tively.;- : ., : . ¦' '. ''¦ ¦ / .-"' :••.::::-
The . court , sustained; the
without ; leave ; to amend ; and •.dissolved
the • tern pbrary ; restfalrii hg7order grant
ed : on ' JulyJ 15 - : in ] the j suit f of -' Julius -.C.
Saulman 'against Auditor * Harry f Baehr"
and ; Treasurer John E. ; McDougaldito'
enjoin: the; ; auditing^ and f payment^ of
the claim of the. National > Surety,: Com-'
pany for' $1475 1 premium X on I the } bonds
of city '.and: county "officials. S The prem-*
iums ; were ;• divided fas ;",Treas-'
urer, $500;'- Tax ;^Collector/ $400; i County
Clerk/. $200; . Auditor; $125, and Sheriff,
$250. - . ; 'rWSSV&StUBS^.'^ " '" *'•¦ '¦¦<
I In hisTcomplaint ; Saulman i used I this
language: VThat ) it : would •) be* an" lm-'
proper; unauthorized 'and?lllegal gift to
thej: individual > • for j the; Von
whose official ' bondt'such ; payment "i was
made and an ' illegal conversion' of pub
lic; funds to; private uses." , i"--i '
City and County Have Right , to Pay
Surety. Company for Bonds \* of ''•-¦,
1 Five Officials.-
TROUTT UPHOLDS LAW FOR -
PAYMENT ,OP PREMIUMS
Bankrupt Policeman.
John C. Duhain, a policeman. of Sac
ramento, filed a petition in insolvency
yesterday in the United States District
Court He owes $870 and has no assets.
Renovates the system and rejuvenates
the whole being. Lash's Bitters. •
A- P. Greenfield, shirt manufacturer,
residing at 1209 Jones street, died yes
terday morning at Dr. Simon's sanita
rium from injuries sustained last Mon
day night, when he was knocked down
by a California street car. Immediate
ly after the accident he was taken to
the Central Emergency Hospital and
later to the sanitarium.
Greenfield's Injuries Fatal.
The wife of F. W. Neidleln called at
r the Coroner's office yesterday with her
son and informed Chief Deputy Coroner
McCormick that she would not bury the
body. All the property. that he left con
sisted of 46 cents. A check for this sum
was given her by the deputy. She ex
pressed surprise lhat the dead man
had not left a larger sum.
• Neidleln was a cabinetmaker and
committed suicide ' by taking carbolic
acid. He had been living apart from
his wife. Receipts found on his person
show that he had been making monthly
remittances to her far, in advance of
what he could afford at the wages,, he
was earning.*
. J. J. Sweeney, a friend,* Informed the
Coroner yesterday that he would defray
the funeral expenses.
From the Coroner She Collects His
- Last Cent 'and Refuses to : v ,- : .:
Bury Him.
Mr. Murray was blind In one eye and
the eight of the other was very much
lmpalo d, and it is believed that he took
the acid, by mistake during the night.
He had been under the care of. Dr.
Bodkin for a long tlmp.
Charles Murray, a man of 70 years,
residing with his aged wife at 1953
O'Farrell street, was the victim ' of a
fatal mistake some time last Friday
night. When his wife awoke at 6: SO a.
xn. yesterday she was horrified on find T
ing him dead. A bottle which had con
tained carbolic acid lay on the bed be
side him. The bottle . had been on a
dresser near the bed among a large
number of medicine bottles.
Bottle of Carbolic Add Placed Among
Medicines to J5e Used by a
Blind Invalid.
SUICIDE NEIDLEIN'S WIFE
COMES AFTER HIS COIN
CAREIiESSNESS CAUSES
CHARLES 3IURRAVS DEATH
. The San Francisco lodges of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen,
the pioneer fraternal protective asso
ciation, organized in Meadville, Pa.,
by J..J. .Upchurch in 1S6S, will, with
the assistance of the local lodges of
the Degree of Honor, the. ladies' aux
iliary, celebrate the- thirty-sixths anni
versary of the institution of the order
in Native Sons' Hall to-morrow night
The, programme for the evening will
include an overture by an orchestra.
Introductory remarks by : Past's" Su^
preme Master Workman W. H.; Jor
dan; ; "Spanish Bolero," Knickerbock
er quartet; humorous monologue, T.'
B. Mullally; aria from "Linda -di
Chamounix," Miss- Millie- Flynn;. ad
dress by Grand Master ¦¦ Workman
Charles H. Dunton; vocal solo, "My
Own United States" (by request), G:
A. Hall; address the Degree - of
Honor, Miss Loretta B; Donnelly,
grand recorder, of that branch of 'the
orders "Annie" Laurie," the 'quartet.
This' will be followed by a dance pro
gramme, of "nine, numbers, with three
extras, with Grand Recorder C./.T.
Spencer as floor manager.
The celebration will be under t the
direction of Past Supreme 'Master.
Workman . Jordan, . chairman., of . u the
evening; D. S. Hirshberg,"-, vice chair-;
man; M. "IS. Stern,- Dr.; E. E. Batr'd.'vA?-
C. Hilton, M. J. :¦¦ Blackman, J. F. Wal
thomvand W.O.Znhn of the commit
tee of arrangements,, assisted by^the
committee on reception, consisting of
A. C. Hilton, S. J. 1 Levy, J. W.;Man
ning, James Robertson, I. D. ; Oswald^
R. ; E. Isenbruck, Henry Hyman.-A. , W.
Fonseca, I. D.* Bluxome, H. Opperman,
W. H. Rhodes, John McWilllams, I C.
A.' Shea, M. A. Engel,; Linda Q, Mal
loy and Dr. Blanche R.'. Sanborn.
Entertainment in Honor of Institution
of the Pioneer Protective
Association.
WORKMEN'S ANNIVERSARY
WILL, BE CELEBRATED
"Notwithstanding the false and
abusive comments with which the pres
ent officials of the city have been show
ered by several lying newspapers, and
by no means, claimingthat it'is abso
lutely perfect, I venture to 'affirm 'that
no administration of the city's affairs
has ever been more thoroughly honest
and • clean in every, administrative de
partment than this; and so believing,
and thinking that possibly your^sense
of fairness and justice would impel you
to give hearing to both sides of -the
question, I respectfully request that a
place upon your programme be accord
ed to a speaker who may in reply fair
ly present the actual conditions from
the standpoint of " the present admin
istration, and whose name, if this sug
gestion be favorably received, I" should
be pleased to submit to you after, con
ference with the heads of the various
municipal departments. / .
"This request is considered justifiable
by the quasi-public nature the
scheduled event and by the semi-public
functions assumed by your, organiza
tion. Very respectfully,
"E. E. SCHMITZ, •
"Mayor of San Francisco."
"Open'declaration is made that it is
proposed in these speeches to attack
the present municipal administration of
San Francisco -and to predicate upon
them a demand for a change to' better
conditions. ] / V
"The Merchants'; Association of San
Francisco— Gentlemen: My attention
has been called, to the announcement of
your next annual dinner arid to the pro
gramme of addresses scheduled ; for 'the
occasion, which are to be delivered by
Messrs. James D. Phelan. Gavin Mc-
Nab. Fairfax Wheelan and H. D. Love
land. , •.
a speaker to represent him at the next
meeting of the association. He under
stands,that there will be an attack
upon v his administration by several
speakers. He wants a chance to have
a reply made in his behalf. His com
munication follows: 5
"SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 29. 1904.
Mayor Schmltz sent a communica
tion to the Merchants' Association yes
terday asking the privilege of naming
Desires to Name Champion
to 7 Parry Sharp Flings
at the Merchants' Banquet
FEAES SPEAKEES' DARTS
Mayor Asks That He Be
Given Opportunity to Make
a- Reply to His Enemies
WANTS FRIEND
AT THE DINNER
THE: SANl ;FRANGISCO; GALL, SUNDAY^ OCTOBER ; : 30^ 1904.
..Charlotte Robinson; ; ais guardian lof
David : Robinson;- 3 yesterday ~: obtained
f r^.'" J " d e e Kerrigan;; permissions to
.compromiseVat suit , against 'the/Unlted !
Railroads', for damages • for"* injuries If or
$3000. ¦¦•. Robinsonr Is r- sixteen*; years"* old
and "was^Jufed Von j^prll* 21 Uastj infa
coUlsion^p^'the-IjarklniBtreet'llne.' '
24
IS31AK. -
NARROW ESCAPE
Robert Yeates, After Being Given
Up, Is Restored by Ishiar.
* *»en«r the remarkable eases that have and my appetite Is good. ; -Gratefully.'
'¦ »een cured by Ismar, the celebrated yours. ' ROBERT &] YEATES
Gypty seer ess and -healeT. none is more P.S.— Would be ploased if you would
.wonderful, than that of Robert Yeates. a publish the above as an encouragement
_^^^^*^ to other sufferers. R.S. Y.
There are many other cases which the
m$&$W&*^^-!£< i z^jt fcBpjI^fra some supposedly incurable ailment? Then
iil/v^Vl^fcslr C* ** don't fall to see Ismar, for many of the
'*"•' - ilisfi nounced incurable. In the locating and
As a psychic and clairvoyant Ismar is
mSSt^m^M^^0^M.^K^M^- ; i&»2«il unapproachable. She has an international
' reputation. Some of the greatest busi-
¦ .MeSFr- ' * :/ - £«¥sZT&5g3SByk "-' ness (successes made 1 in the West in re-
WSfi&*s-?+'?'* *?*'.'<¦'<¦?& cent :> rears were made because her advlco
8ucce 5 sf n \ men and fwbmen ' in ", San ' Frah-
~— ..._ .^.. . , her. Her advice is thoroughly dependable:
. . _. . ' . '¦'-."..^ ** you .would know^ yourj future: "'if ' you
mlnlnr engineer^ who ± came to California wish to, solve some mystery;; if you we
ajyear ago for hi. ; health. ".He; had been m f love* and \^desire i; to;. know^hktfy^u
Clven up by, several physicians, who pro; should do; if you are about to enteFbua-
nouneed his trouble pulmonary consump- iness..to speculate or to travel-don't fail
1^*^^ he ' recently wrote
as^^SS^t^^^esl
Deet- Madame -Ismarrv I; desire; to: ex- tlons answered f for! $1."^ Full* life reading
pres« : my *fcratitud<fttr* what • you \ have $5; i Send money, byiWells- Fargo or Post-
done for me.,,1 came.tOijeu a.very.siQk office i money order, 1 ! or. J registered^ letter '
man leai i than?* year a$o K after being Address., Ismar. 11 (T4 Market street "San
Clven up to die. BuW*b*gata to Improve Franclscb.V Phone Souttfll41" "• ¦ "
within a month after placJy* my. case in : Offlceihours, 1 - 10 a.-m.'to'6 p. m Wed
your hands. Let meeaythat; I|am now as nesdays, 10 aT m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 10
¦ weU as I have4sver been In milife. \ Am" a, m," to 12 m; ! '
•trout able "to do a full i dayipluird work Send stamp for booklet. ¦ ' rj
AtiVF!TrrTgirKfii7yT<p - . _
— . ¦ ' * _—. ' * "" "' ¦¦"¦•¦••"' ' \^^
d U E f^**K Ei^i uA 1 9 1^9 ijvj k^^^l wju^o^ &&3&k
Scalp Humors, Hair Humors,
Blood Humors
Complete External and Internal
Treatment One Dollar
/^"N^. Consisting of CUTICURA
i SOAP to cleanse. the skin of
crusts and scales, and soften
tJf^y \ \v J \ the thickened cuticle ; CUT-
ft&&y\ )\ lit l\ ICURA OINTMENT to in-
f\ iw* J/lu/i I\ stantl y alla Y itching, irrita-
iv^kA^^ 5^ 'f l\ uon » anc * inflammation, and
Ivxt I \ soothe and heal; and CUTI-
\\V&Z&££Ll } CURA RESOLVENT PILLS
INa4 y^^T t0 C0 °I an<^ cleanse the
?H2^L <u vi^v? blood; and expel humor
\J^y germs. A SINGLE^SET
Y4\V \Jlc/ costing but "ONE. DOLLAR
\ iL^^Nw^HT/ is. of ten sufficient to cure
AxQr^Zr''/ e most torturing, disfigur- ,
/ vCr h* i m %> s^ n ' sca^P» an< 3 bjood.
I \M_O/ humors, eczemas, rashes,
I /?^^^ itchings, and irritations,. with
I oss °^ a^ r » rom infancy to
J~-^fcf^V age, when the best physi-
CVw feS^l-s c^ ans anc^ a^ ot^ er reme "
WONDERFUL CURE BY CUTICURA
"I take the liberty to drop you a few lines to let you know of my won-
derful cure by Cuticura. My head was one mass of scabs and my fore-
head was covered down almost to my eyebrows. . I had to wear my hat all
the time. My legs, arms, and body were covered with spots in size from
* pin-head to as large as a silver dollar. A white, crusty scab would form
and itch, and words cannot express how* I suffered for fifteen years. I
tried many doctors and all kinds of .treatments, but could get no help,
and thought there was no hope for me. While in Michigan last summer
& friend told me to get Cuticura. I got a. cake of Cuticura Soap and a box
of Cuticura Ointment, and in three days my head was as clear as it ever
was. I applied the ointment night and morning, also taking a hot bath
three times a week, and using the ointment freely after the bath. After
using one cake of soap and two boxes of ointment I .was completely cured, ;
without a mark on my head or body. I was so pleased I felt like tak-
ing my hat in my* hand and running down the street to tell everyone
I met what Cuticura had done for me. I shall never use any other soap
but Cuticura. If any one is in doubt about this, they may write to me.
(Signed) H. B. FRANKLIN, 717 Washington St., Allegheny, Pa."
MS" Send for ** The Skin Boole." Potier Drue & Chemical Corporation, Boston, U. S/ A. "^g.
BhHbBhHHSSBbB^'' ¦ ; "'- ; ." --" '~ B&BSBSBBEBmS'- ¦ ' ADVERTISE>lEyTS. . \_
;Giove':an(i "", 'VL-' v ' THE [* —^— "' SPECIAL SALE
Mprrhahriise ! I000d<wenmea*san
IViercnanuibe \ -^ ' '- '„. " —,' M —"' -f W "W -'jf^%± IT T *r ''!»,' M pure Unen Initial Hand-
*s - "'•. ¦ ..':¦'".:-.._:"¦"-¦ - ' : - -' ¦ ¦ . ' - - . • *
Special attention \'-'has been paid this season to the
selection of goods suitable for Holiday Gifts. The va°
rious lines are complete and very attractive.
To avoid the later rush of the season, customers may select their presents
now without having them chdrged until day of delivery.
-'¦.'¦'¦ '".¦¦¦¦ '---•' HI 4
"' * ' " 9 * " HI m B
This line is now complete and JCWclCfl VyOlUDS
¦¦¦includes a large variety of French,
- T ; «=> J * in bolid Ciold, French Gilt and Antique. A great va- (M n a*
German, Austrian, English and riet y of desi s ns - From...... ,:;y >: , :-.,... ;.. J1.0U
American Toys, which are offered fieltS, BUCkfeS, fiWleS
mm ;^S . TV • * tW styles in unmounted buckles. The. colorings in leather
A Large Assortment oi 10c, ISc, 20c, NeGklaCeS 3fld ChaSllS
25C, 35C, 50C, 756 aild $1.00 T ] ie stock ' of necklaces and lorgnette chains is very extensive.
A number of choice designs are shown in Gun Metal and
Hs^j@r jewels. Large bead neck-chains in Jade, Chrysoprase, Ame-
il 1^ thyst. etc. Pendants, Art Nouveau Mirrors, etc. (I»| rn
will be found, as well as a splendid udlX UmaiUCfltS
Collection Of the 7 Extensively used for theater and evening wear. New designs,
including spangled butterflies and coronets., Floral head
: Tr^op " *J. i^ -^A : '" llif Jl dresses, .feather pompons and aigrettes at very REASONA-
I SSlSSl llOOflS iflSuC BLE PRICES - S P ecial desi^ ns in floral w o* "made to or-
ftolls Hat Pins
. r. ¦*.¦-•-..;}.• •¦''.,' .' An interesting line of jeweled hatpins from.- ;.. rA-
. With pretty faces ; good quality Papier Mache bodies : mo- fmf^Sg^fBJSI^^gll^f mtm ...^T^MuUv
hair\vi g s, witii long curls eyes. Fronv tjn New '^uto^Hatpins'm' great 'variety." ' Special l;Solitaire
«.. . . ... ....... . . . ... . ....... ... ... . . . |/ Rhinestone and Cut Crystal Hatpins, with strong 8- *jr
Kindergarten floods Hand Bags
An excellent assortment, 'fr.om jr The variety of novelties in this line, as well as in'Opera Bags,
..... ...:.....:...... .....:........ LOy Uy Card Cases; Men's Letter Cases, Coin Purses, etc... is greater
. With strong iron wheels -heavy body, painted \yhite with- , A most attractive lot of articles made of solid nickel and gun
• blue lettering; some witlv rubber-tired wheels;* others i with metal; mounted with pictures of hunting scenes; etc. These
;; ball bearings. They are known as "The White; <M AA U1% goods are .macle especially, for the use of men and.^^.'jr
;•¦ House Flyer," and are priced from ...... ... $^•"11' Up . range in price from . }«•¦ 3
Fa^ R^KiAc Tapestry Boxes
V* • , Unique in. style and made in all sizes, including the smallest
There is a pleasing display of .woolly,;skin and felt animals, jewel box. The tapestry is a reproduction of the antique,
comprising dogs,"cats, rabbits, monkeys, , sheep, pigs, (goats, ¦•• and the boxes are lined either with good silk or vel- fri *}r
lambs, i horses, elephants, ; camels, bears, etc. *r - .'• - ¦' . vet. Prices range from .... ... . ' . . . v. .,. . . ... ., v«^3
. . r. . . v;'. ...-:. - ... -:?. .,:.:. .... ;.... ..... . r . ... Zdc Up .. — — — •
m u • id -i a t • French Sta S Nweffies.
VlPrll/811lr/II K/HlfA/ln 8 fJliflC Tust unpacked in the numerous articles suggested by the sea-
iTlWWHttlllVWl UUlllvttU llttlllO -son. comprising smokers' sets, ink wells, etc {| PA
For-.the little boys; a\ wonderful assortment, " (I»| ft A From" , * .... ... . r : .-. '. .,. ., v«3"
with all accessories^ from :.¦...... ......... $1;UW 110 ".".". ',' 1' ¦ ".'¦¦"
\1 1 1 • • ¥ At
n '--¦.*-•• i^i-^- •• Novelties in Leather
llfiGfirJITiVfi ATI" llhiPrt^ ~' An immense .-variety, both as to description and character of
mi VrMJVVlL> • . the leather. A new' feature of this season/is the undressed
\2- "i- Sil?- rth ?% r^- V '"¦¦: • -calf,', with i'appliqued figures. They are v«ry' attractive. Jj A A
i: ;^ corfmience ih price at ..:.,. ,¦,:,...,:....>.. Jl»Utf
I-, sble goods this season: The markets <\ of France, Germany, IX tt ¦ : - '|L* £.
¦^^^^^^^^^j^^^ta^\ iiflfluKcrciiicis ¦
imany new pieces secured. -The collection; includes Bronzes,: -:/;-*, .:\ •
„ ,.-'. s v, ".'-¦-¦'¦- + 'X*>.-> '• n '¦¦'. r<i ui~ T-.1. . 't-*- ~ The t selection is lar^eand varied, the qualities are the best
Clocks, Furniture, China; Cut Glass, Marbles Photo/Frames Ui . '• •,, :-¦ ,_ , n : \- r „¦,¦•" *t.
.; ... y^-r-:% \ ti .\:- : • : :-. -;=-v.J l--^.-*.:;- -.:• ;-'¦ v.c : / } ", obtainable, the values are • excellent.- Inaddition to the reg-
'and various .other interesting. articles suitable for Hbliday ular styles) many novelties; ire shown. Monograms and in-
, ; ' ;GiftsV Prices : are Reasonable.; ' .itials^one Vorder. 7 . <
Umbrellas f^ en VaI^ (ffl'/J ' M/A/M&' <f Suit Cases £
jr/7/i/f//£/^ tensive variety of stylei. Special
.wood:and ;vanous^tyles|Q/-f/\f| \-&f* V*4 iff-. ¦;f^^^' ; -^^^^;%^.X^-^<'r^> quality 24-inch bag- of- *£ C£\
..of ttitnmed^andles . ¦;:,$:. / COR-PO^gfeWltf ST3d . Leda^ V . . ' . $5.50WILLIAM WALDORF ASTOR' S'
DAUGHTER AND EXPATRIATED
AMERICANOS NEW SON-IN-LAW.
Marriage of -Western Beauty^ to Pltts
~ burg sillliona Ire Will Take Place
' in London.
LONDON. Oct.'; 29.— Mrs. • Hugh
Tfcvis, the beautiful a and rich Amer
ican, widow, Vnow admits that before
Christmas "she is to" marry .A/ Hart Mc-
¦' ' PANAMA. - Oct 2 9.— Tomas ; Arias^
Secretary of ' State : for 'the '^public v of
Panama,- resigned ; to-day. '/For several
months past the Liberal' party has op
posed : the ' policy of ' the Secretary, and
this/ itr is «: believed, may ; have '' caused
his resignation. ; .>
Panama's Secretary .Resigns.
MRS. -TEVIS NOW ADMITS
SHE IS TO WED McKEE
Kee. the young Plttsburg millionaire.
who was the co-respondent in the sen
sational divorce suit - brought by. E.
Lawrence Phipps.
McKee is traveling with Mrs. Tevis*
party. They are now in Paris, but
they cannot be married . there because
six. months' residence is necessary .un
der the French law. The wedding will
take place In London.
Continued on Page 26, Column 3.
Iileutenant" General v •Linevitch ar
rived-here to-dayv'to '"assume- command
of the Siberian;,*Arriiy; Corp^-^So"- pop
ular." is General . ;' Linevitch* amons : the
Siberian troops; that' '' ? he'; is 'generally
known by, them . as VUncle"' Linevitch.'
the wounded there are far inferior to
the ¦'. hospitals >_ at" Liaoyang. ; This is
especially vtrue - of i the Red . i Cross bar
racks, ". where the ; surgeons and sisters
ai-e ) on' duty ¦ twenty-four/ hours every
other day. Fewer 'wounded are now
being ¦brought' in'and '.the hospitals are
beginning to assume. a normal ¦aspect.
v ; The 1 Jewish - doctors and :. surgeons
are : especially' distinguishing them
selves, devoting -their ; time night 'arid
day to' the wounded,', and •- the v Jewish
soldiers, in .the ? field -are j displaying as
great'-'brayerv^asr their, comrades i of
other relieiohs.V " " '} ' ¦ .
CHICAGO. Oct.^29.— John W. Gates la
reported to have profited to the extent
of $4,000,000 in the stock market. 'He
was a pronounced bull last July, before
the* market had well started on its up
ward movement .and was, a heavy
buyer of several stocks that have ad
vanced in" price from $10. to. $30 a' share.
Gates was particularly bullish on
United States Steel preferred and be
gan backing nis Judgment when the
i stock was down in the fifties. He has
been bullish also on Union Pacific and
a heavy buyer of the stock.
Gates is reported to 'have sold out
100,000 shares of Union Pacific in one
day this week at practically the top
price of the present upward movement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 9.— Bids i for
completing the -Mare' Island drydock
were opened at the Navy Department
to-day.'- The bids were: The Scofleld
Company of New York, $l,3S5,000:
W.:M. : Concannon Company of San
Francisco, '.* $1,420, 000 ; Healy.' Tibbltts
'&.. Co., San ; Francisco, 151,38 7,000, 'and
Burrell 'Construction i Company, -Oak
land, Cal.;'. $1,645,000. •
Make Next to Lowest
'; r Offer.
Healy, Tibbltts tf " Co. of This City
British Channel J Squadron' to . Put in
at -the Port of VJffo.
VIGO. Spain, Oct.- 29.— The British
Consul here, to-day received telegraphic
instructions to prepare for provisioning
the channel squadron) which would ar
rive at once. »' V
The marine commandant has been
authorized- to permit the Russian
squadron to remain at this port should
the inquiry into the North Sea. incident
be held here. Before authorizing' the
Russian squadron to remain the*Span
ish Government consulted with the for
eign diplomatic corps here. ;
Late to-day a British cruiser arrived
from the south, anchored outside '> the
harbor and exchanged salutes with the
fort and the Russian squadron.' The
cruiser proved to be the Lancaster. Her
commander shortly afterward went on
board the Russian flagship, Kniaz Sou
varoff, and had a conference/ lasting
twenty minutes with Admiral Rojest
vensky. The Lancaster subsequently
sailed, clearing the harbor at 6 o'clock.
Five other British ships are outside
in the bay of Vigo. ; ; :
Upon the main question 'relative. to
the Identity of the Japanese torpedo
boats said to. have been seen among the
Hull fishing fleet during the night of
October 21-22 Vice "Admiral Rojestven
6ky said to-day: • ' • .
"Rumors had , reached us ', that ; the
Japanese would attack the squadron,
and when I suddenly, saw. that* night
the two torpedo-boats between i our two
divisions and heard- the noise of the fir
ing of ' torpedoes ; I doubted v not^ that
they were Japanese.; ". ' v*
"Prince Keretelli,, an;? officer; on; board
the battleship Eiriperor ; AlexanderIII,"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEPARTMENT | OPENS BIDS
ON MARE : ISLAND DRYDOCK
John W. Gates' Bull" Campaign m Wall
. Street Nets Him a Tidy Profit
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 29.— Mical Azziri,
director 1 oft the Siberian funds - at the
£' Jerusalem" concession at the World's
Fair, was shot , arid* killed to-night by
Nicholas Sahab, a ¦ merchant and fel
low countryman. .They had quarreled
over money. matters. V . ' \ ,
Fatal Quarrel at World's Fair.
CLEARS FOUR MILLIONS
ON THE RISING MARKET
WILL -WATCH BALTIC FLEET.
A fierce fight with cold steel strewed
the summit of the \ hill with j corpses.
The;Russians were outnumbered, their
machine guns -"• were /--disman tied and
they were compelled to -fall back upon
their main positions, carrying with
them the barrels of their machine
guns. •
The Russian artillery then swept
the hill with such a hail of projectiles
that the Japanese were unable to re
main there.' Heavy losses j were in
flicted on both sides. ; :.-.;- .'
The Russian guns on Lone^Tree Hill
began shelling the villages;, to the
south, where .the - Japanese were no
ticeably active, at daybreak yesterday.
Similar activity was remarked along
the whole: front.
A detachment, of the' Russian west
ern', column,; under .."., command : ' of
Colonel Giesser, ; on the night of 'Octo
ber 26,. attacked a : couple','.' of -'villages
lying. a few miles ' south of, Sinchinpu.'
Russian : mortar / batteries ' had • pre
viously shelled- them; throughout the
preceding day. Nevertheless, c the
Japanese ! offered;' a desperate resist
ance/ • • It v was (only after, a • determined
bayonet V. charge * that '£ the . assailants
cleared ? the; villages, : the'- name- of ; one
of /which is not Kiverif arid; the' other of
which is ' known asjHanlinpu>; -
;, . A tour jof ; the; hospitals ;.in Mukden
shows /that the ; accommodations 7 Tor
¦MUKDEN, Oct. 29.— The Japanese
assumed the offensive on October 27
at Yansytum, half way between Bent
siaputze and Fengtiapu, on the Muk
den'road. The whole day was passed
by .the = artillery, in, preparation for a
bombardment of the Russian position.
Toward evening a .whole" regiment
moved out to capture -the hill : on
which is a Buddhist temple, a' mile
south of Yansintun. The temple was
held • by a Russian battalion with two
machine . guns. ' < f ,
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS, Oct. 29. — The Russians
attempted at midnight last night to re
take Maitao Mountain, which had been
captured by the • Japanese, together
with two machine guns. No details of
last night's fight have . been received.
Maitao Mountain has been bombarded
frequently since Its ' capture by the
Japanese. Its. defenses were of a
semi-permanent nature and the
trenches were very deep. »The Rus
sian losses were more than 200.- They
left seventy dead and wounded at the
crest of the hill. "¦< >v
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Oct. 29. —
Lant K. Salsbury, chief witness for the
prosecution in the water deal .cases,
to-day, at the bribery trial of ex-May
or Perry, for the first time named the
person who helped him in the dupli
cate key scheme in Chicago, by which
he secured an alleged boodle fund of
$50,000 deposited there and belonging
to the Bartons of Omaha. Salsbury
testified that it" was his brother, Wal
ter Salsbury. Salsbury stated further
that the $50,000 was not returned, to
the Bartons with the understanding
that they; would not prosecute him.
He declared ..that it was turned over
to a. detective named .Magulre, who
lives In Chicago. . Maguire ¦ still j holds
the money, he said, the. understand
ing being that in case Salsbury is con
victed in the case against him in con
nection with the Barton fund the
money will be turned over . to himself.
Salsbury , made : this statement only
after making a record to the effect
that the statement might lead to the
prosecution of other persons in Illi
nois and that he made it only be
cause forced to 'do', bo.
Lant K. Salsbury Tells How He Got
$50,000 Belonging to Omaha
People.
WITNESS'' IN MICHIGAN TRIAL :
EXPOSES BOODLE METHODS
Among. the. causes of Insanity In pa
tients admitted to the London asylums
LONDON, | Oct. 29. — "A total in
crease of 996 lunatics is the largest
annual y increase we have had to
record. .The. prospect of any diminu
tion in the. increase in lunacy appears
to be most problematic." ~
Such is the terrible state of affairs
reviewed in the annual report of the
Asylum Committee of the London
County Council" for the year ending
March. 31, 1904, just issued. The fig
ures given for London alone f show a
total of nearly 24,000 lunatics on \the
first day of, the current year. This,
compared with the three previous
years, shows - an annual increase of
from 700 to, nearly 100.0., In fourteen
years, since : 1890, the number- , of
lunatics has increased by the enor
mous total. of 7590, which is out of all
proportion to the increase in popula
tion. ' • " '=''3^
last year were the following: Intem
perance, 666; hereditary, 783; love af
fairs, 61; domestic worry, 282; re
ligious excitement, 78.
" A well-known specialist ' 6f " mental
diseases, .in- discussing the report,
said: - "It • will be observed that the
largest proportion of lunacy cases is
among the laboring classes. The rea
son is obvious. The depressing influ
ences of the monotonous grind (or
existence in slum and underground
dwellings and intemperance are all di
rect, causes of lunacy. The class which
comes-next on the roll is that of clerks.
Here much the same causes are to be
found.. but in the main I think the ap»
palllngly bad feeding Indulged in by
this section of the community has
most to do with the large increase of
Insanity. Hurried/ and insufficient
meals; of starch foods and tea in the
midd*/ of the day. cheap cigarettes and
the general stress of modern life tend
to the unhinging of the mind."
A peculiar feature of the case is the
absence . of anything like intimate
friendship, betwen the two families.
His mother, Mrs. Beresford Melville,
only | went ' for a ' formal • Saturday to
Monday visit .to Cliveden to make [ the
acquaintance of* Mr. Astor after the
engagement was announced.
Astor is a cautious man. He will
allow his daughter £10,000 a year for
herself and give. a 'handsome money
present' to; his Tson-in-law. But the
settlement gives the latter no. power
whatever over his wife's money- af
fairs. Captain Spender-Clay's income
13 a somewhat fluctuating asset; not
even his intimate friends know exact
ly what he actually has. Some say he,
has an income'of £20,000 and .will un
doubtedly '.' , inherit more j than double
that amount from his mother.
The gowns of the bridesmaids were
all by Worth. They were of: the
palest pink .accordion-pleated chiffon
and real old lace and 'each wore a big
brown picture hat arid brown muff.
largely diamonds ¦ and . other jewels.
The Duchess of Argyll sent a gold cup,
Lord Rosebery, Lord Lansdowne, Lord
Halsbury, Alfred. Charles Rothschild,
the duchess of Sutherland, the Duke
of Roxburghe, Earl and Countess of
Warwick,' Colonel and Mrs. John Hay,
Kmbassador and Mrs. Choate, Mr. and
Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt, the Duch
ess of Manchester, Secretary' and Mrs.
Henry White, • the Courftess of Straf
ford arid Mrs. Arthur Paget were also
among the donors. The list of pres
ents fills a, column in the newspapers.
Japanese Victory Won
at Heavy Cost
? in Life.
Special Cablegram to The Call and N cw York Herald. Copyright, 1901, by
the New York Herald Publishing Company.
Improper Food and Intemperance Are
Given as Causes.
BAYONETS STREW
SUMMIT Or HlLL
WITH THE SLAIN
The Republicans have been figuring
on about 70.000 for Parker in the city.
One of the best informed Tammany
Hall leaders has placed his plurality la
the entire city at not to exceed 92.000.
and the plurality of Herrick at not to
exceed 104.000. Other Tammany Hall
men believe Parker will have 110,000
plurality In the city and Herrick 135,000.
In view of such chaotic conditions it
would be manifestly misleading to clas
sify Netv York as other than a doubtful
Herrick for Governor may run ahead
of Parker in the city at least 31,000
votes, having a city plurality of 164.500.
IS he does he may beat HIggins in the
entire State by 44,000.
The Call-Herald estimates the plu
rality for Roosevelt in the section of
the State north and west of the city at
about 145.000. This is about 29.000
less plurality than McKinley's over
Bryan in 1900 in the same territory.
It estimates the plurality in the city
for Parker as being probably 133,000
— large enough to iring the apparent
lead of Roosevelt down to 12,000.
HERRICK IN THE LEAD.
The estimated vote for Parker and
Roosevelt in this State shows a dif
ference of oniy 12,000 votes. While
the apparent advantage is with
Roosevelt it should be remembered
that this is a State showing very vio
lent fluctuations in Its voting and any
untoward event might change the re
sult in a day. It is undeniable that
there is now in this city a swing to
ward Parker. »$
In New York State the Call and
Herald made separate canvasses of
the' two sections of the State that so
widely differ politically. The canvass
of fifty-seven counties lying outside
the city of New York was conducted
Independently of the poll of the city
and there was absolutely no manipu
lation of the figures.
XEW YORK STATE.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— The Call-
Herald non-partisan poll of the coun
try Indicates that Roosevelt and Fair
banks will be elected and the House
of Representatives be Republican. It
also discloses an almost even chance
that Roosevelt will lose the electoral
vote of his own State.
States casting 257 electoral votes
ere classified as strongly favoring the
Republican ticket. States casting 159
electoral votes are certain to go for
Parker and Davis. A majority of the
electoral college consists of 239 votes.
¦^hus the President has a majority of
18 sure votes and Parker and Davis
lack 80 votes of having a clear ma
jority.
In the doubtful column are placed
States which cast 60 electoral votes
and the poll necessitates the clas
sification of four, asting 18 elec
toral votes, as probably Republican.
These are Colorado, 5; Delaware, 3;
Montana, 3; West Virginia, 7.
One is classified as doubtful and
probably Democratic This is Nevada,
with 3 votes.
ROME, Oct. 29. — It is said here
that the Socialists and anarchists
threaten that another general strike
will be proclaimed on the day of the
baptism of Prince Humbert of Pied
mont, the heir ., to the throne, as the
recent strike was inaugurated on the
day of the Prince's birth. It is be
lieved that an attempt ' to institute
such a "strike will fail if It be made,
the Government being thoroughly pre
pared for all eventualities.
Fix Upon the Date of the Baptism of
Italy's Heir as the Time
for a Walk-Out.
PROBABLE CHAIRMAN AT BRIT
ISH BOARD OF TRADE INQUIRY
INTO NORTH SEA AFFAIR. .
LUNACY IN GREAT BRITAIN
SHOWS ALARMING INCREASE
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 29.— Freed
from the severe tension over the traw
ler incident through the agreement to
submit the case to an international in
quiry, and relieved by the removal of
the prospect of war with Great Britain,
the Russian people" are soberly realiz
ing the advantage of a peaceful and
honorable solution. The widest interest
is displayed in diplomatic '¦ circles. over
the arrangements for the investigation.
According to a high . authority, the
two Governments will draw up a series
of questions which/will serve as a basis
for the investigation of facts -in the
case by the mixed commissions at Vigo
and Hull, (i The reports of the commis
sions will be handed to Russia and
Great Britain.
For the award an international court
will be created by special treaty; in
conformity with the provisions of The
Hague Convention. It is believed that
this court will be composed of a for
eign naval * official and a jurisconsult
appointed by each of the two powers.
These four members will select a fifth,
who will, •have the' casting vote. Tha
treaty to be signed will specify • the
powers and composition of the court,
the main- purpose of which will be to
give a verdict on the basis of the testi
mony supplied by the mixed commis
sions. Impossibly also will be given
the right' of passing sentence in tha
case. ¦ . i- v it<" •' - - • •
SOCIALISTS .THREATEN ••
' ANOTHER BIG STRIKE
Mixed Tribunal to
Hand Down a
Verdict
Roosevelt's election by a
large majority is forecast by
an exhaustive poll of all the
States, just completed by
The Call and the New York
Herald. Without including
any of the doubtful States
he is assured of 257 electoral
votes, 1 8 more than the nec
essary 239. In New York
State the contest is so close
that the result cannot be
foretold. The next House
of Representatives will have
a Republican majority.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
New York Must Be Given
Place in the DouDtlul -
Column.
. About the death of Loomis he had
nothing to conceal, he said, and de
clared that he had been much
maligned and misrepresented. .He
said he gave a full account of Loomis*
death to his brother, Assistant
Secretary of State."
"I shall refuse to be interviewed un
til after I got to Washington, when a
full statement will be given to the
press," he said. "Regarding my ; per
sonal ventures I have succeeded, in
getting full concessions for all the dia
mond mines in Abyssinia and* 200,000
acres of land on; the 'Nile to experi
ment In cotton, growing. Every"eft*ort
was made 'by the -French and; British
representatives^ to prevent tha .grant
ing of these "concessions. I' "shall
establish the Royal Bank; of Abyssinia
and .will' control the financial affairs
of ;the country." , l ;•
/ NEW YORK, Oct. 29. — W. H. Ellis,
the negro who ' started for Abyssinia
early last summer in company with
Kent Loomis, who was drowned off the
English coast, returned to-day on the
American Line steamship Philadel
phia. Ellis upon landing refused to
make any statement regarding the
Abyssinian treaty or the death of
Loomis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Republicans to Con
trol House of Rep
resentatives.
Lays Claim to Valuable Concessions for
Himself and Discusses His Com
ing Financial Importance.
Ellis Refuses to Discuss
Death of Secretary's
Brother.
RooseveltCertain
of Enormous
9 Majority,
Negro Companion of
Kent Loomis in
NewYorL
; LONDON; Oct. 29.— Miss Pauline
Astor, daughter of William Waldorf
Astbr, .was married" at SL Margaret's
Church, 'Westminster/'.' to-day- to ~Cap-
tain". Spender-Clay. The Bishop of
London, Dr. Ingram,. Canon Wilber
force and other clergy performed the
ceremony .in the presence of a large
assemblage. ...•'•
Enormous crowds outside' watched
the arrival of the bride, ' bridegroom
and wedding guests. • The church,
which was tastefully adorned with
flowers and autumn foliage, was
crowded with distinguished personages
and presented a brilliant scene, when,
to the strains of a processional hymn,
the bride, with her ten bridesmaids
and' two ; pages in white satin cavalier
suits, moved up the aisle to the chan
cel steps. Mr. Astor gave away .; his
daughter. The best man was Captain
Claude de Crespigny, Viceroy, Curzon's
aid.de camp.
' The presents , were magnificent
CEREMONY 15 PERFORMED . BY DIGNITARIES OF
THE ENGLISH CHURCH fl/iD DUKES, LORDS AflD
EARLS SHOWER WwMi FAIR WITH RICH QIFTS
MESSENGER
BACK FROM
ABYSSINIA
MISS PAULINE ASTOR WEDDED IN LONDON
TO CAPTAIN HUGH SPENDER - CLAY
ANGLO-RUSSIAN PEACE
PLAN IS A TRIUMPH FOR
THE HAGUE AGREEMENT
CALL'S
POLL OF
STATES
- '" THX 'WXATHER.
£Lp -' "¦-:• - *
*¦ »" Ci * • »
I . P©rec**t aad* at Saa EYaaci «eo tot
thirty hoorm. toilnc mldnlxht, October
__ fctn Itudra sad n
flni iwt*x* Tirflfc Til iTiif iij »^i^ft
a. a. MeA^srj;
XM«trict Forecaster.
V-A'jf; (TKE THEATEES.
ALcizAR— "Tl» . WEderaem.- i XxtS
r*« ;t<>-d«y. -. ¦ , >
CAUyORXIA — HaTcrtj'* Xtastrdb.
Iftitlree to-<iiy.
CENTRAL— "Pad K*ar*r.~ ITstta**
t©M*y.S .. .¦
COI>U3tBIAV-"gan Toy.-
CHXrTES-r Vaudeville .
GRAXD^^'Pretty Pe*sy." Matta»« to-*
day.\ Vr\ v.
MAJESTtC— t"When "We Were Twrnty-
One." V. A v V ' »
ORPH2XTX— VacdeTllTe. Mature* to
d.y. \ NO. —**
TIVOLI— "Der Rajtilblader."
v . >-*>. ¦ /
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE ; FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 152.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,. OCTOBER 30, 1904— PAGES 25 TO 36.
Continued to Page 27, Column 1.Czar's Government Springs New Sensation
British Warships Keep piose
Watch Upon Baltic Squadron
TOKIO, Oct. 29.— The reported
statement of an officer oh, board the
Russian battleship Emperor Alex
ander III, with the ' Russian Baltic
squadron now at Vigo, Spain, to . the
effect that there were foreign torpedo
boats among ; the Hull trawlers when
they were flred upon recently by the
Russian warships, and ihat the. Jap
anese ' Government was said to * have
purchased torpedo-boats in England,
cou pled with the Insinuation that ". the
torpedo-boats i with; the trawlers were
Japanese, has been received in Japan
with a rAxed feeling of indignation
and derision. «_
It is officially 'declared in the most
positive "terms that: Japan has neither'
No Torpedo-Boats Purchased in Eng
land Since the jWar. Opened. .
JAPAN MAKES DENIAL.
He— this is leap year and nearly half
gone.
She— Yes— what of.lt?
He — Not a single girl In this whole
town has treated me to Icecream yet.—
Cincinnati Tribune.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Oct. 29. —
James Adams of 1624 Cornel avenue
lg lying in a paralyzed condition at his
home as the result of an electric
shock received from a telephone he
was using in the office of a local coal
company.
Adams was standing at a desk on
which were two telephones, the New
and the Central Union phones. He
first used the Central Union phone
and, not succeeding In getting his
number, tried the New phone.
Adams took the receiver and while
waiting for his number rested his
chin on the top o f the Central Union
phone. A shock resulted that ren
dered him unconscious. He was soon
revived, but when an attempt was
made to move him it was discovered
that he was paralyzed from his waist
to his fe'et."
PARALYZED AS RESULT
OF AN ELECTRIC SHOCK
Captain Joseph of the whaler Call
fcrnlan, which arrived in port yester
day from a cruise in Japanese waters,
Okhotsk and Bering seas, says that a
number of sealing vessels from Japan
about August 1 made a raid on Copper
Island. • ThlB is one of a group of
islands lying to the east of Kam
chatka, generally known as the Kora
mander I3lands. Copper Island, on
the Russian side of Bering Sea, Is to
the Government of the Czar what the
Prlbylof Islands are to the United
States. The islands are guarded by
war vessels, as they are the breeding
places of the. fur seal and subject to
the raids of sealers of air nations. On
th« American side of the sea the seal
poacher when caught Is arrested, fined
and his vessel confiscated. At Cop
per Island the poacher Is shot unless
he can dodge the bullets and outsail
the cruiser that will surely chase him.
When the raiding Japanese in their
vessels drew near the seal rookery one
dark "night, actuated by patriotism
and sealskins, they unfortunately
found the Russian guards wide awake.
Through the darkness and fog the lit
tk- brown sailors in their boats pulled
cautiously to the shore and landed
among the sleeping seals. Armed with
clubs, they began the slaughter. .The
startled animals made clumsy efforts
to escape, and while many reached the
water others were being struck down.
Then the raid was interrupted. The
¦Russians had seen the vessels ap
proach, and knowing . the mission of
the crews, they, under, cover of the
fog, secreted themselves . near the
rookery. From behind the neighbor-
Ing rocks they opened fife on the Jap
anese and killed eleven of them at the
first volley.
The raiders were unprepared for at
tack and fled toward their boats, but
the Russians had „ surrounded them
and all were captured. At the sound
of the firing the . vessels hurried made
sail to. get out of the dangerous local
lty. The Russian cutter followed them
I them. and. after a short; unequal fight,
as the Japanese schooners : were uh
Japanese Poachers on Copper
Island on Foggy Night
Meet the Eussian Guard
CHICAGO. Oct. 29. — Dr. Emlle G.
Hlrsch spoke this evening at Temple
Israel and discussed luck. "The theory
of luck i3 foolish, irreligious. Im
moral," he said. "It leads to moral in
dolence: it stunts conscience; it is pro
dvctive of envy and Jealousy and is
the curse of the human race. It has
estranged men. and although it is not
a factor in human life, a widespread
belief in luck has made many of us
believe that it is a factor."
DENOUNCES I1ELIEF IN LUCK
AS FOOLISH AND I3DIORAL
SEAL HUNTERS
SHOT TO DEATH
PARIS, Oct. 2 9. — The correspond
ent of the Temps at Madrid telegraphs
that Akabane Shlro, the Minister of
Japan, had a long conference to-day
with the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
He adds that It is understood that the
Japanese Minister called the attention
of the Foreign Minister to the pro
longed stay of the Russian squadron
at Spanish ports and the facilities ac
corded the Russian ships for reprovis
lonlng and recoallng contrary to the
rules of neutrality. The Foreign Min
ister answered that the other powers
had acted similarly.
Japan Calls Attention to Stay of Rus
sian Fleet at'Vlso. '
PROTESTS TO MADRID.
herself and all around the port captain
heard of the scheme and sent a cutter
after the Sukno Maru. which was
towed back to Hakodate.
A sample of the reckless patriotism
of the Japanese came to the notice of
the California's people while they were
in Hakodate. The Russian raiding
squadron was In the Straits of Sanger,
not far from the port, and the skipper
of a 118-ton schooner, the Sukno Maru,
prepared to seek and destroy the en
emy. So Captain Itakl rigged two
mines over the bows of his vessel, and
bidding farewell to their families the
skipper and crew put out to sea. His
insane Idea was to bump against some
Russian cruiser, fire his mines and then
all die together. After the schooner
had sailed on her mission of death to
armed, several of the vessels and
about thirty of the sealers were taken.
It is not known what disposition
has been made of the captured raid
ers. Poaching on the seal preserves is
considered nn act of piracy and Russia
deals with those she calls outlaws
with no gentle hand. The deepest
caverns of a Siberian salt mine may
finally hold the seal poachers of Cop
per Island who escaped the guns that
ft'Sgy nieht.
NEW PLUGS OF JUNIORS
ARE FITTINGLY DEDICATED
DEFERENTIAL TOWARD CZAR.
| Class "Plug-Ugly" Presented on Foot
ball Oval by Students of
Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 29.
The members of the junior class gave
their "Plug-Ugly" last night, dedicat
ing their new plugs by presenting a
I play entitled "A Corner Knocked Off."
; The play was presented on a stage
i erected on the football oval and was
j witnessed by more than 2000 people.
The eight songs which were writ
ten especially for this performance
were one of the features of the per
formance, i
Both rhe play and the music were
written by M. H. Thorpe, '05, who was
also the author of last year's "Plug-
Ugly."
j After the .play the juniors, wearing
I their decorated plugs, rushed to the
j quad, pursued by the seniors. After
I a fierce, fight the class of '96 saved
their plugs.
Xo German Protest Results Froni th*"
Firing Upon the Sonntag.
BERLIN. Oct. 28. — The deferential
attitude of Germany toward Russia
finds a striking illustration in the
press treatment of the case of the Ger
man fishing vessel Sonntag. Most of
the newspapers, while discussing the
L'ritish case at great length, have not
even printed the news that the Sonn
tag was fired on by Russian warships
and none of them expresses indigna
tion or even the mildest protest. The
Foreign OfSce, after receiving official
information from Bremen authorities
of the protest entered against the fir-
Ing on the Sonntag:, ordered Captain
Haehenel's testimony to be taken. An
ins-pired paragraph in one of the even
ing papers says Gefmany will lodge a
protest at St. Petersburg only if it
transpires that the honor of the Ger-
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 29. — The
general staff to-day issued a state
ment that the number of the killed,
wounded and missing in the fighting
which began October 9 and ended
October 18 totalled 800 officers and
45,000 men.
¦1.-..S00 Men Fell in Battle.
General Staff Officially Reports That
EXOrSiOUS' SLAV LOSSES.
TANGIER, Morocco. Oct. 29. — Four
Russian cruisers, three torpedo-boat
destroyers and five . colliers arrived
here this morning. The Russian flag
ship exchanged salutes with the
French cruiser Kleber and the British
cruiser Diana. The i Russian vessels
now , here comprise the battleships
Oslabya, Sissot Veloky, and Navarin;
the armored cruiser Admiral Nakham
off and seven torpedo-boats, besides
collierB^ /The. Russian officers say they
will remain here about a week. It' is
rumored that they will remain at Tan
gier until the inquiry into the North
Sea incident is ended.
GIBRALTAR, Oct. 29. — The British
battleships Jupiter and Magnificent
sailed from here to-day, .going west
ward. Their destination is believed to
be Tangier.
The British second-class cruiser
Doris, which has been patrolling the
straits, also sailed westward after
communicating with the flagship of
Vice Admiral Lord Charles Beresford,
the commander of the channel squad
ron.
British Vessels Receive Orders to Sail
. to the Same Port. \
RUSSIAN SHIPS AT TANGIER.
TOKIO, Oct. 29. — Official " reports
cenflrm the press dispatch of the cap
ture of Waitao Mountain' by the Jap
anese on October 27, adding that at 10
o'clock on October 28 the enemy open
ed a vigorous fire against Waitao
Mountain, but stopped firing in the af
ternoon. A strong force of the enemy
assembled at Kangtajenshan and the
Russian guards holding the heights
north of Pinniulupao have completely
disappeared. In other directions an
artillery duel occasionally occurs.
Confirms Press Account of Capture of
' Waltno Mountain.
TOKIO REPORTS VICTORY.
"Only two days before the 'North
Sea occurrence the Consul General of
one of the Jmnortant stations -repre
sented here wrote a letter saying that
Demetrios Ivllpos, living formerly at
Patras, Greece, had made the follow
ing statement to the Consul General:
" "Ivilpos shipped as master's cook
from a port in Scotland on .board the
Japanese ship v ltsima. Th^hjjj.came
to Brest, whence she began making
tripa or surveillance of channel ships,
took in the Japanese flag and raised
sometimes the American flag and
sometimes the Swedish flag. Ivilpos,
perceiving that the Itsima was not
upon an ordinary merchant cruise, but
was engaged in a dangerous mission of
surveillance over Russian shii>s, left
the ship at Brest, came here and re
ported to the Consul General, who
reported In writing to the, Russian au
thorities.'
"There is reason to believe that
some of the foresroing details will get
before the International Commission,
and that they will constitute some of
the features of Russia's viewpoint of
the British charges."
Definite details concerning the
meeting of the commission have not
been arranged, but it is the under
standing In France, officially and dip
lomatically, that . Great Britain and
Russia will each make separate and
individual inquiries which will be sub
mitted . to the commission at The
Hague for final adjustment.
The Maritime Registers , available
do not contain the name of the. Jap
anese . ship of, the name, of Itsima,
either steam or sailing.
"A second important point on which
Mr. Balfour's statement creates an er
roneous impression is his saying that
the Russian squadron on Dogger Bank,
was many miles away from .the usual
route-. As a matter of fact, the Rus
sian naval route through the North
Sea is across Dogger , Bank. This is
not the route of the British. and other
navies, but the Russian navy has pre
ferred it because the shallowness of
the W8ter permits easier soundings
for the purpose of locating the posi
tions of the ships. Therefore, instead
of the Russian squadron being far out
of its course, as Mr. Balfour asserts,
it was practically in its right course.
There is no doubt that the Japanese
informed themselves concerning the
probable route of the Russian squad
ron and were aware that the Russian
navel route would take the squadron
across the Dogger Bank.
"As a means of indicating the pre
ciseness of the details reaching the
Russian authorities concerning Jap
anese activity near the North Sea, the
following specific case is cited, which
came to the knowledge of the Rus
sian authorities:
"Mr. Balfour's deduction that Ad
miral Rojestvensky's statement is pure
fancy is based upon the Premier's
declaration that the admiral was look
ing out for torpedo-boats coming from
Japan^. As a matter of fact the Rus
sian admiral was not guarding against
torpedo-boats coming thousands of
miles from Japan, as that would have
been "manifestly absurd: but he was
guarding against torpedo-boats armed
und equipped in the vicinity of the
North Sea. This is not a matter of
speculation or imagination, but is a
matter of fact upon which th* Russian
authorities, have been furnished with
precise details. This information es
tablishes that the Japanese fitted up
craft as torpedo-boats at certain Swed
ish ports, and they also had a large
number of Japanese officers at New
cnstle-on-Tyne and other important
English shipping points for the evi
dent purpose of fitting out craft to ob
struct the Russian squadron. There
fore, instead of these torpedo-boats be
ing imaginary craft coming thousands
of miles- from Japan, the Russian au
thorities possess precise information
that such torpedo-boats were actually
fitting out at points near the North
Sea.
PARIS, Oct. 2?.— The. speech of Pre
mier Balfour- at Southampton last
night has created a decidedly unfavor
able impression in the highest Russian
quarters here, and it is stated by those
in the best position to judge that the
views of .St. Petersburg . will disap
prove the Premier's remarks,
The following statements were given
to the press from the most authorita
tive sources:
Hints That Torpedo- Boats Were Fitted
Out in British Ports.
RUSSIA'S STARTLING CLAIM.
HEADQUARTERS OF LEFT
ARMY (General Oku's). Friday, Oct.
2S. — The positions of the armies are
unchanged. , The Russians are con
tinually searching the Japanese lines
with their artillery, firing day and
night, with seldom any reply from the
Japanese. • .
The Japanese army is now working
the Yentai mines, digging enough coal
for all military purposes. It is be
lieved'by mining experts that they can
double the output.
The gauge of the railway has been
changed to Yentai and quantities of
supplies and ammulitlon are arriving.
Kuropatkin's Ahtillcry Continually
Searching ! the Japanese 1 lines. !
SLAV GUXXERS KEEP BUSY.
LONDON, Oct. 29.— Lord Lansdowne
and Embassador BenckendorfC to-day
further .discussed the composition of
the international . commission, but no
final decision was reached. It is be
lieved possible that some British offi
cers may participate in the Inquiry
going; on at Vigo, similar to the cour
tesy being extended by Great Britain
in its Offer to the Russian embassy to
send a representative to the inquiry at
Hull. The Foreign thoroughly
asrees with the Russian understanding
as to the moral obligation to carry out
the .findings of the international com
mission.
The Board of Trade inquiry is likely
to be opened at Hull early next week,
and will be presided over by a naval
officer, probably Admiral Sir Cyprian
Bridge, assisted by a leading lawyer;
the case being In charge of the solici
tor of the Board of Trade. The inquiry
will be confined to ascertaining ' the
circumstances from the fishermen's
point of view and assessing the dam
age. The Russian embassy haB not
yet decided whether to accept the Gov
ernment's Invitation to send a repre
sentative. A report of the evidence will
be forwarded to the International com
mission. The Board of Trade inquiry
will express no opinion on the action
of the Russian squadron.
Each Power Invites the Other to Be
Represented at Inquiry. .
EXCHANGE OF COURTESIES.
told me that' the transport ' Areadauer
was surrounded -by eight torpedo-boats
or .vessels, carry, torpedo-tubes. The
Areadauer; signaled' her danger, and
when our battleships advanced we did
not for one moment suppose ' that the
attacking vessels could be fishermen."
purchased nor ordered a single tor
pedo-boat in England since the out
break of the war.
Continued From Page 25, Column ; 2.
The correspondent says that fine,
warm weather has set in. and that it
looks as if the hour of an advance was
near at hand. The general feeling here
ip that an advance cannot be delayed
If General Kuropatkin still hopes to
reach Pert Arthur before the fortress
fallp.
General Kuropatkin has now received
sufficient reinforcements to replace the
45,800 men officially admitted to have
been killed, wounded or missing in the
battle of the Shakhe. The hospitals at
Mukden are no longer congested with
wounded soldiers.
General Linevitch is 66 years old, but
is as active 'as a young man and im
mensely popular among the. Siberian
troo'.c", whom he commanded during the
Boxer war. He acted as commander in
chief of the Russian forces prior to
General Kuropatkln's appointment and
arrival in Manchuria.
The first Russian army, which com
prises six Siberian and three European
corps, it now appears is likely to split
up into two sections, one of which will
be intrusted to the command of Gen
eral Linevitch, and the other probably
will form the nucleus of a third army
under General Baron Kaulbars, at pres
ent commander in chief of the Odessa
district. The appointment of the latter
is regarded as certain. General Kaul
bars achieved prominence as Russian
representative in -Bulgaria during the
reign of Prince Alexander. He has the
reputation of being an energetic and
even headstrong commander.
The operations in Manchuria have
acain lulled during" the last couple of
days, the Japanese and Russians ap
parently contenting themselves with
partial successes, the Russians having
captured a couple of villages on the
western flank, while the Japanese car
ried the Buddhist temple on the hill
east of and near to Bentsiaputte. Ac
cording to a correspondent at Mukden
two machine guns which were an
nounced as having been abandoned by
the Russians had been completely dis
mantled.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 29.— The ar
rival of Lieutenant General Llnevitch
at Mukden to assume command of the
Siberian corps is the most interesting
item of to-.Sty's war news. The an
nouncement of his appointment con
firms the general expectation that
LJeutcnajit General Llnevitch will ' be
summoned by General Kuropatkln to
resuiSe an important part in the con
duct of the campaign.
man flag has been Insulted, that is, if
the captain displayed his flag and the
firing: on it' was continued. • - ¦
A dispatch to the Tageblatt from
Kiel says that when: the Russian
squadron was passing through the
Great Belt It llred two shells at an un
known northbound- steamship, which
escaped unharmed.
Casualties Reach Total of 45,800
New Troops Replace Those
Lost in the Shakhe Battle
KUROPATffl IS REINFORCED
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CALU: SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1904.
THREE SLAV ARMIES TO FIGHT IN MANCHURIA
Claims North Sea Ports Sheltered
! i ; ; Japanese | War 1 Graft.
26
ADVERTISEMENTS.
After Eating
Nausea between meals," belching, vom-
iting, flatulence, fits of nervous head-
ache, pain In the stomach,' are ail
symptoms of dyspepsia, and the longer
ltils neglected the harder It is to cure it.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Radically : and permanently cure it —
strengrthen and : tone the stomach and
other digestive organs for the natural
performance of their functions.
Testimonials '• of v remarkable cures
mailed on ; request. ;
C. I. HOOD CO;, Lowell, Mass.
- ADVERTISEMENTS. * •
¦ ¦¦:¦¦ ¦'¦ • *Ss$Bl. '-s-*^
Suits to Measure $ 10 to $ 35
Behind Them Is a Definite Policy of
the Store to Please Every Customer .
Our method ot doing business is to be fair with the customs; —
first, last and always. .
We realize fully that the only sure and practical way to build 140 a
business is in giving the customer all we can for the money.
In our tailoring department we make suits to ordqr from $10 to $3x
Whatever price you pay for the suit, you are paying fully a third less than
you "have paid before elsewhere, for the very same quality of garments.
You can save money in buying here. ;
The head of our tailoring department and every salesman in it
knows that the customer must be satisfied before the purchase is finished.
It's ..a rule of the store.
You can order your su.it here with this understanding; if the garments don't
j>!eas?, you don't, have to take them. You can have your deposit, back instantly.
The above picture is a life sketch of one of our m3de-to-measure suits/
Suits satisfactorily made-to-order for out-of-town customers through our seif-measurin?
system—write Jor blank and samples. ;* 0 "
Men's Hose IOc O. \T \kJc\t\V\ V f*f\ Men's Hats $1.5O
Special for Monday and Q 1 /^!' WW fi Jf H f 8 I) A) 0 0 I Notice our window to-
Tuesday only-extra heavy # VT. *^Af 1 V^ morrow you will see a hat,
weight cotton hose, seamless, .7?z* we sell for SI. 50. It's an
stainless, colors black, slate 74Q Market Street and extra &°° d vaI « e : con »e* i»
and tan; regu'ar 15c valu» '^ u '"drKCL street anu • a! la|est fOft flRd $Uff
for IOc - j, Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts. I » h °p<*
Y' DOUBLE I 1 I
HA RNESS " \ ANTHmr Hm
Suppose you were a pretty good sort of a fellow— h U jj
no vices, and all that— and had married a girl with a '"'^
lot of ideals. - .. ..
Suppose in a few years she began to think you XC3P *
were not making married life what she expected, and CLEYER I \
allowed a young man to make love to her. ===*=» »
•~_ -™ MM
Suppose you were a young woman, with a desire. "'• ° 8 i
for the best -in Ufe. ; ¦ ;- Published in !
Suppose it turned out your husband was just com- a=c=3=mB ——. I
monplace, self-satisfied, and unable to give the love you jyg
felt your due. a^-E^^a^^
Suppose there came into your life a man you felt SUNDAY I
could give what you most hungered for. ¦¦ ===
:; _ ; — — call
What would you do? Rovsfflber
Mr. Hope's novel is a brilliant and entertaining bb-ssbssssbsssss
statement of this common human problem and ONE - 90
.answer to it. * , , ,'
****-' ANTHONY UULJ E3LCZ
SUNDAY AH $°F- „— — — — -„ •
. • ADVERTISEMENTS. '..-...'..-...
ST^F C' os fog Pays Opportunities make this store M (|
veritable bargdn bouse for the highest, and^
most* exclusive qualities of Furniture, Carpets,
Draperies and Wall Posers. XS-:
These rockers and chairs that we have relected for to-day's quota-
tions are ci the superb type characteristic of all our stc-ck, which, at such
reductions* makes them magnificent offerings.
I CHAIRS
$7.CO Oak, ccbb!er teat Removal sale price, $6.00
| j $10.00 Birch, mahogany finish, wooden seat. Rem. sale price, $8.00
3 $19.00 Solid Mahogany, wooden seat. Removal sale price, $ 1 5.00
$40.00 Solid Mahogany, wooden seat. Removal sale price, $32.00
D C
$9.00 Oalc, cobb!er seat . . . ' Removal ~?ale price, $6, 75
I $ 1 2.CO Birch, Mahog. finish, wooden seat. Rem. ia'e price, $ 1 0.00
. $35.00 Solid Mahogany, wooden seat. Removal tale price, $30.00
| $40 00 Solid Mahogany, wooden seat. Removal sale price, $3 2 .00
h { l To dose out all summer season goods, we offer our full line of Rustic
| Chairs, Rockers and Settees at 25 per csnt off regular price. .
| CARPETS
3 If youM stop and think that these carpets are offered at Fredericks',
4 where quality is paramount, you'll realize the magnitude of the' values
§ quoted here: _ . - -
5 Azminsters — A large line cf Body Brussels —This fine ser-
\ thete excellent floor coverings: viceable quality carpet in choicest
5 § J2.00— Removal sale price, $1.25 colorings, 51.50. Removal sa'e
£jg J1.50- Removal sale price, $1.00 price $1.25
'( Tapestry Brussels — In unex- Tapestry Brussels — A good,
I' celled asortment, $J. 10. Removal serviceable carpet, 85c. Removal
I sals price 90c sale price 65c
Deliveries are planned to your convenience — sent at once
I or during the holidays. i
649*65]JL^^MARKETSTkearnyPoll of ', State ; SlioWs ; Overwhelming
,;v\VASHlNGTON.^bct.^3^r-Senator
WEST VIRGINIA REPUBLICAN.
, NEW/ YORK, . Oct. 29.— Ury Woodson,
secretary \of the > Democratic National
Committee, who 'said 'he -was jspeaking
for the committee/ to-day predicted
the i overwhelming -election of; Judge
Parker 'to ¦ the ! Presidency. He^*predlcted
that "all i the doubtful States would . be
Democratic, and :also"that" some States
called Republican will ":;' be ' ¦ and are
doubtful. i Secretary .Woodson" said: ,
"I have every confidence; that Judge
Parker will be elected." ? I have . been
here r 100 , days now and I am ready to
announce, from observation ;and what
we have ¦ received, that Parker Is elect
ed.* All :¦ the . doubtful States; so-called.
will ¦ be in the : Democratic ; column,', and
many, of "the States called r purely : Re
publican are ; now in the: doubtful {col
umn. /" : "• i
j "We.'w ill carry. New , York, Ne w . Jer-,
sey, Connecticut," Indiana, -Maryland,
Westv Virginia, -, Idaho,' Colorado," Utah
and I Nevada.' In other -words,': all :• the
doubtful ; States ' : \: are - for, us : and for
Judge election! ,..._
"Illinois is ; doubtful.' Ohio even is
doubtful: The -big; men .who .controlled
that State are how dead. : The Republi
cans ';; assume they* are 'going ' to win
there, but « we i hear ; they might , lose.
Even* California has sent. ; good reports
to : us,- and we"are ! hopeful of carrying
that State.-- -; ; ¦ 'X'--7-''\ '
"Maryland" is certainly as Democratic
as is Kentucky.* '..West -Virginia is as sure
as Maryland." . ; . .
: Secretary)- "Woodson said Chairman
.Tags'aft will • be here surely byj Monday
nlght-^/'v:: 1 ;':."'"'.^*:'^;"" ' X 'M
Secretary^ W'oodson . of National Com
* mitte Makes Absurd Claims.
Betting Is Now 3 to 5 That Roosevelt
Will Carry the State.
HELENA,. Mont, Oct 29. — Mon
tana's three electoral votes will, it is
quite conceded, be cast for Theodore
OUTLOOK IX MONTANA.
San Franciscans Assure Mr. Roose.
velt That California Is "With Him."
WASHINGTON. Oct. 29. — Abraham
Aronson, Michael P. Alexander and
Leo E. Alexander of San Francisco
were among the callers who shook
hands with the President to-day.
"California will give 25,000 Repub
lican majority," said Aronson. "and
Kahn will be elected to the house ovei
Llvernash, who is already beaten."
CALL ON THE PRESIDENT.
Montana, which I regard as doubtful,
with Republican leanings."
So heavy, however, did Ithe play be
come- on Roosevelt that the odds have
gradually shortened until he has be
come an almost prohibitive favorite at
the rate of 5 to 3, Judge Parker
is posted , at 9 to. 5. A. wager .'.was
made here yesterday that Roosevelt
would have a larger majority than
Governor Toole and more was offered
at an even money proposition, .but: ho'
takers appeared:- "<^MS^^&amS
A i further indication is to be found
in a straw vote taken on a , Northern
Pacific train 'bound from -Missoula to
the Bitter Root Valley, whose passen
gers wer.e all residents of that section*
Of 156 passengers 122 were for Roose
velt.
A word of explanation is due- when"
considering'; the statement ,
made by : Senator. Clark, -,, who, "'.."while
addressing Judge ' Parker at : New, York,"
declared^ that v the } labor s party T in con-*
vention had ¦indorsed his candidacy and
that,' 1 therefore, ; he, felt 'no compunction
in promising; him Montana's! vote:'.It;is
true that the so-called Iabor"c6riventibn'
did indorse* the Parker electors,' butTthis*
labor ': convention is hardly.- regarded as
truly ¦ representing :; labor - inV Montana."
In; July, last the -Montana State Federal
tlori ; of ' Labor,: in * annual convention,
voted iby r a.\ large : majority not ; to^ehter
politics.;, Constituting 'this K federation
are the" largest unions in' the State, in-"
deed, "every iunion^ . in t its % confines i is*
either, a'; r-lpmber >• or , affiliated ""with it.j
so that so-called laborj indorsement'
does ; not'l carry so- much < weight as
might be, expected. j.» .v ; "-¦
.:O|d time Democrats by. the score have'
announced ?J:heniselyes I as ; intending to]
vote for ¦ Rooseveltfaiid; if,^ asf reported'
from ; the,East;': the; Democratic; mariag"-"
ers intend^ to^electUheir* candidate^ by
Roosevelt; Joseph M. Dlxon (Rep.)
will succeed himself as Congressman;
the Legislature to be elected Novem
ber 8, it is thought, will give a work
ing majority to the Republicans,
which means that Thomas H.'
Carter will succeed Paris Gibson
as United States Senator March 4
next, and in concluding the forecast of
the coming election, Governor; Joseph
K. Toole (Dem.) has an" excellent
chance over William Lindsay (Rep.).
Theodore Roosevelt is almost an
idol in Montana. To begin with, he
was an early-day resident of the State,
a member of the Montana Livestock
r Association, the only President to pay
the State a visit, is considered better
acquainted than any of his predeces-.
sors with the wants and needs of. the
West, and, furthermore, his Western
spirit of" "Up and doing" appeals
strongly to the average resident.
His earnest efforts ori behalf of the
national irrigation law have served to
endear him* to Montanans, as water, is
the one thing^needed to' place this
State in the agricultural . list instead
of being known as a mining commu
nity exclusively.
This sentiment finds ample support
in the poolrooms and hotels, where
wagers are constantly being made on
the result At the very outset Presi
dent 'Roosevelt was made a slight' fa
vorite over Judge Parker, supposedly
on the ground that Mqhtaha, eliminat
ing the silver issue, is normally, a Re-,
publican State, as was evidencedtby
the results in the elections . preceding
and following the two Bryan cam
paigns. ¦ - t
ty.that the undertaking, will prove an
abject failure. . . . "
Two years -ago Joseph M. Dixon car
ried every county in the State for Con
gressman "over Judge Evans. ; His rec
ord at Washington, especially his ef
fc-rts toward securing the } opening to
settlement .of two Indian reservations,
have, to say the lest, not lost him any
votes and- his re-election is regarded as
morally certain. ,
Joseph. K.' } Toole is the* Democratic
gubernatorial nominee and as his ad
ministration has been quite satisfac
tory on the: whole and / his per
sonal! popularity is second only, to that
of President : Roosevelt, with many
warm Republican friends, he will un
doubtedly_.be-re-elected. Another ele^
ment- which seems to foreordain his
successful candidacy is to be found in
his action two years ago, when he com
pelled the Amalgamated Copper Com
pany to resume operations in its mines,
mills, smelters : and , industrial plants,
affecting .25,000 men, before he would
summon the Legislature in special ses
sion to ' pass upon desired ' legislation
whereby it would be freed from alleged
judicial bias.' >'.
The ¦ present Legislature is strongly
Republican" cm joint ballot and , condi
tions have not changed In two years to
a. material extent." Thomas H. Carter
will ¦be l 'the i -Republican caucus nominee
for SenaSo'r if the Republicans are suc
cessful, while if the Democrats control,
W. G. Conrad '• will contest the re-elec
tion of Paris Gibson.
V.;. ' ¦ -. - ... . •-. .. - . : . . : - .. t: .C
PREDICTS PARKER VICTORY.
"In my judgment," said Senator
Scott. "Roosevelt is certain of 305
votes in^ the electoral college and he
may have 31l/ I do not include «n
my estimate the votes of Nevada and
fc'cott of . W«st Virginia, who is chief
of the speakers' bureau at • Republi
can 'national headquarters in New
York showed the President to-day a
poll of West Virginia. He declined to
make public the precise figures of the
poll, but asserted that the Republican
national ticket, would carry the State
by 20,000 or 25,000. Of political con
ditions generally he said the fight is
won.
The result of the inquiries in In
diana was that each canvass showed
the State would go Republican. The
Democratic paper has placed the vote
for Roosevelt over that of Parker at
20,000. ¦ The Independent paper sup
porting Roosevelt estimated the State
to be Republican. The Call-Herald
correspondent placed it Sit 12,000 for
Roosevelt a week ago and refused to
change his estimate In view of Bry
an'* second tour of the State.
It is a remarkable fact that these
three all came to exactly the
same result in each of the thirteen
Congressional districts. Each corj
respondent gave the number of ./dis
tricts in which the Republicans would
be successful as nine and those which
the Democrats would win as four.
Identical conclusions were reached
In West Virginia and other States in
For the State of Indiana, The- Call and
Herald obtained three polls, made by
experienced men, each working inde
pendently of the others. One poll was
made by & Democratic newspaper
which is supporting Parker, and this
paper has with great accuracy foretold
results in the past. Another was made
the Chicago Record-Herald, which
is an Independent newspaper, but which
Is supporting Parker. Still another was
xn&de by a newspaper man who has
done similar work for The Call and
Herald for many years and whose im
partiality is recognized by Democrats
and Republicans alike.
In Wisconsin two canvasses, each in
dependent of the other, were conducted,
and In each case the official result was
given after exhaustive Inquiries
throughout the State of all elements
possessing familiarity with voting con
ditions there.
In West Virginia the results were as
certained by a representative of a Dem
ocratic newspaper, who has repeatedly
foretold elections in that State, and by
m. representative of The Call and Her
ald who. made the poll for The Call and
Herald in 1900.
POLLS TALLY CLOSELY.
INDIANA REPCBXJCAN.
State en the Presidency and as Demo
cratic on the Governorship. The Call-
Herald Investigation shows a strong
Democratic drift In this city and a
strong Republican drift up State.
All the rest of the States in the Mid
dle West, as well assail of the New
England States, probably will cast
their electoral votes for Roosevelt.
It Is believed Idaho will be carried by
Roosevelt. Montana is placed In the
-column called "doubtful, probably Re
publican." Utah, it Is believed, will
give It3 electoral vote to Roosevelt.
Wyoming is regarded as practically
certain for the Republican column.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
The Call-Herald estimate on the
House of Representatives gives these
totals: Republicans, 210; Democrats,
164; doubtful, 12.
The present house stands: Repub
lican, 210; Democrats, 176.
The following is a list of those
whose election to Congress is indicat
ed from California:
First District— J.' N. Gillett
Second District — D. E. McKlnlay.
Third District — J. R. Knowland. •
Fourth District — Julius Kahn.
Fifth District — E. A. Hayes.
Sixth District— J. C. Needham.
Seventh District — James McLach
lan.
Eighth District— S. C. Smith.
All of the^e are Republicans.
Nebraska will go for Roosevelt by
a plurality somewhere between 20,000
and 50,000. There is really no fight for
the Presidency in that State. Bryan
has conceded that Roosevelt will carry
it. .Bryan is making a great fight to
win the State Legislature, but the in
dications are that it will be Republi
can and Bryan will not go to the
Senate.
The Pacific Slope States of Oregon,
"Washington and California are span
ned by a great Republican rainbow.
This is due very largely to the policy
of expansion which has been pursued
by the Republicans and. which has re
sulted In such great development of
the resources on .the Pacific side of the
continent.
W'est Virginia, which Henry G.
Davis was expected to carry for Par
ker, is probably Republican on na
tional issues. There 'would be no
doubt about it but • for the. injection
of State issues in the campaign. It is
entirely possible the State may elect a
Democratic Governor and a Democrat
ic Legislature and still give its elec
toral vote to Roosevelt and Fair
banks.
Wisconsin's 13 votes are conceded to
Roosevelt, notwithstanding trie State
factional fight. ¦ •;
In Colorado the trouble with the
miners for a time threatened the Re
publicans, but the indications are that
Roosevelt will carry the State, and he
may be able to pull Peabody through.
Nevada Is a doubtful State. One re
port gave it as probably Republican,
and another as probably Democratic
In view of the fact that the Demo
crats have carried the State repeated
ly since the advent of Bryanlsm, the
State is put in the probably Democrat
ic column.
PACIFIC COAST STATES.
Maryland Is unquestionably . in the
Democratic column. This is due al
most entirely to the race issue raised
by Mr. Roosevelt. . Maryland Is the
only doubtful State in which the Pres
ident appears to be weaker than his
party. s
PARKER HAS MARYLAND.
which there was a double investi&a
tion.
New Jersey Is likely to go Repub
lican on the national ticket by about
half of whatsit 'gave McKInley in 1900.
McKinley*s plurality was 56.00Q. Th«
canvass indicates a Roosevelt : plural
ity of about 27,000. E. C. Stokes, the
Republican candidate for Governor,
may run behind Roosevelt more than
18,000 votes.
Connecticut seems almost certain to
go for Roosevelt by a large majority.
It is believed that nothing short of a
miracle can change the result in the
last few days of the campaign. -
In Delaware a full vote should give
the Republicans the largest plurality
the State ever had. ?'. '
Continued from Page 25, Column 1.
Call-Herald Election Forecast
Indicates a Republican Sweep
in So-Called Doubtful States
_^ EADWOOD, S. D., Oct.
1 i William Randolph !
1 3 Hearst. Democratic can
„ - diilate for. President "be
fore: the" St. IxmLs eon vention, is
supporting Roosevelt for the
Presidency^;
The llomestake mines, for the
first time within , the knowledge
of the oldest resident, j Is "pla
carded from surface to the low
est depths of the mine with
signs : "Vote for Roosevelt for
President; don't forget that in
voting for Roosevelt you vote
for a .? continuance of prosper
ity^'.;..' ¦; ,'
The Homestake mines arc the
property of the . Hearsts and
controlled by William R/ Hearst
and his mother. ' They Tare the
richest gold mines in the United
states/- ¦;.".; .." .•-!'; -;,: j
When William R. Hearst was
a candidate for President he di
rected'the Home-stake managers'
to .vote for him ; In the county
conventions .of the Black Hills
counties < and . every county sent
delegates : favorable to him to
the ; State (convention, ' which In
turn decla red fdi; '. H ea rs t arid
sent a ; delegation Instructed - for
him, ; with ¦ former Senator Petti
grew heading the delegation]
Senator Pettigrew was recently
inspired to 'say ¦¦> hi an ; interview
that : Parker should : be' defeated.
:. .. Sow, ¦; the proclamation ; Issued
by/the" Hoiucatakel mine,
for r - Roosevelt,''/ is the- most
pleasing, order that has come
from?; headquarters : since {he
mine ' was" discovered in 1 876.
HEARST EMPLOYES
ORDERED TO VOTE
FOR ROOSEVELT
the winning of the Northwestern States,
including*: ' Montana, Wyoming . and
Utah, it is regarded here as a ; certain-
THE! SAN iFMI^SGblfeALIJ; SUNDAY; 30,, -1904:
27
ADVERTISE3IE!NTS.
Dangerous
dandruff
There is no denying the
fact that dandruff is . .
dangerous— to the; life and.
vitality of the hair. It is
the outward manifestation
of an unhealthy condition
of the scalp, and if
neglected will surely : result
in the loss of the hair, the
appearance of premature
old age and ultimate , -
baldness. Coke Dandruff
Cure not' only quickly
removes every trace of
dandruff from the scalp,
but positively prevents its '¦})}
recurrence. -It is a
delightfully refreshing
tonic, without a trace of
sulphur or any injurious
ingredients, and, when
faithfully used has'proved
its ability over and over,
again to produce a - heavy,
luxuriant' growth of ' hair
where all other; remedies _
and formulas have- failed.- •'
*J"hin; brittle and poor, hair,
therefore, need no longer
be a source of mortification
to' any: one.' What Coke
Dandruff' Cure has done
for thousands it ? can . and •
will do for you. Your
druggist Iwill.telliyou the •-.
same story."; Get ; a bottle
to-day ; and«try it. .
Coke Dandruff
Am^RTISOIENTS.
OPERATIONS A FAD.
Public Gradually Awakens to the Fact
The latest fad in operations has been
the appendicitis fad; before that the
fad for rectal operataions (piles, etc)
held sway. Hundreds of patients were
frightened and hurried into hospitals,
oj>erated upon and robbed of their last
dollar, when the trouble was a' simple
case of hemorrhoids or piles only,
easily . cured at home with a simple
remedy costing but fifty cents a box.
"I procured one fifty cent box of
Pyramid Pile Cure of my druggist,
with the intention of buying a larger
box later, but was happily surprised
when r found that I was cured, and
still have six pyramids left out of the
first and only box. I have not had
the least sign of piles since I used this
one box, which has been about two
months: previous to using Pyramid
Pile Cure I had the worst kind of
bleeding and protruding piles for over
thirty-one years, and no one knows,
except those who have had the piles,
the pain and misery I suffered.
- "I aril a poor man, but have often
eald I would give a fortune. If I had
it, to be cured of the piles, and now I
have been cured for fifty cents. " I
should be very ungrateful if I did not
thank you and give you every priv-
ilege to use my name and this letter,
when I know there are so many who
Buffer as I did." J. A. Weismlller. 1100
Bladensburg Road, Washington, D. C.
The Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich., publish a little book on the
causes and cure of piles, which they
will be clad to mail free to any appli-
cant, and we advise all sufferers from
this painful disease to write to them
for It.
K5fH WE/\K 7VYEIN
I^H^^gjj DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
B*3 "'Ha Bto P* a '' losf-e* and unnatural <il»-
E ¦ charges In 24 hours. You feel an
|59 feSu !rT! P IovfI!1 'st from the first dose.
P7H \fv tl We have so much confidence In our
mm ¦*"¦ treatment that ue oSer Five Hun-
HH4__F\M dred reward for any case we can-
l ¦•¦¦¦ Til not cure. Thi» secret remedy cures
lost power, nightly emissions, wasted organs,
varlcoede. gleet, strictures, kidney?, falling
memory, drains In the urine, gonorrhea, dis-
ease of the proxtate glands and all other terri-
ble effects of self-abuse or excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst cases In old or young of that morti-
fying condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed )2
per bottle; three bottles. J3. Guaranteed cure
tny case.
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAI*
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
Also for sal* at. 1073 & Market St.. S. F. Send
for free book.
Woman
J% i v *-5?!'\ l *\ < \v\ 1> interested and sbonld know
/.>.v'( SI\\ A»\V|ft about the wonderful
t\?i^T^\B MAR^L Whirling Spray
W»S«M'r^ Tto D " r i**- 1 *r«f- Wee-
X^V^¦flJs^siV. "<> n ard Surttott. lint— i»ar-
>k, v>^fc?^»<e»«w— >«^ lt — Moit CoutenSeat.
-Sj^ %f%w?»i llUuimlLluU;.
A«k jmmr «r*trUt frr It. >j. iaff^__ " s^" -^~^^
»ABIKL, accept no NJ^^T **2?;K>^v_-
other, but scad stamp for «st>. g^M/k-j*,
lllattrated book-M*I»4. ItciTea \.. / '''%'¥
t nil parUcnlsri and direcUon* la- M / m
ralnable to Udies. M *KVlXCO,^j,t... jM
<\ I'arkllon, Sen Vork. **L>i! t 'fm
J62 New Montgomery. Saa Francisco. CaL
William Hatteroth (Ladies' Dept.). 24 Sutler
Union Drug Co.. 400 gutter and 100 Stockton.
Garood Brothers... 7th and Broadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy us Ellli
PDTTCU17C FOR . BARBERS. ¦ BA.
DIlU OnHfO k *«. bootblack*, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, cannera.
dyers, floor mills, foundries laundries. * paper-
bangers, printers, painters, sboe factorlaa,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. -
BUCKAVAXT BEOS..
Brn«h Kmanf actnrers. 609 Sacramento St.
Schools and Colleges.
I'f JSSB i ¦ Wm ¦ nt Tsfii
(^.JSmt f IS 1 JT JB{
X-EADING ; BUSIXESS COLLEGE ; OF THE
WEST. ' -
- Over 2* Post rt.. San Francisco.' CaL
£st&b. 40 yearr Open entire year, day & nlrht.
Wr^i lor Circulars (free). >
"•"•" ' ' "' '¦'"..'- K : '-', -"" """"¦'"¦' ' ' '" ¦"'"•'" ; '"': : " , -'.." " :[ ADJ^ERTISEMENTSJ; "' ' 7" ' ' % ' .-'" " V .•¦--•-¦-• — ¦-';-¦ "j^^C\" ' ' ""' '
' ¦ .- ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
}VSXlt. ' ..,; , :_l'_^TH _ ¦ J tOZatl
. Saa Fraiieisco. Sunday. 30 October. 1904.
Froin the year lS58,.wben the first little Breuner store was opened
in Sacramento. - to the present year. ¦ WOI. when four big; Breuner store* "
confront the people of. San Francjsco. Sacramento, Stockton and Ran*
—•"Quality" has always been our watchword. .*_ J
only twenty dollars
If any question arises in your mind as to its being* ~ 7
genuine mahogany, remember this is "Breuner's."
A dressing table .which enjoys the style of many
selling. for considerable more and a value that, no
woman, can tail to appreciate. Height to top of mir- .
• ror, 61 ir^ches; width, 33 inches. Size of mirror, 16
We pay the freight on goods" up to 50 miles. 7-ftyl
(Formerly the Galifornia Furniture Co.)
; 2b I^toj281 Geary St., at Union Square
•- . AD VERTloEMEJfTS. c " ;
m| Bohm-Bristol 0
Special '
*5O£2 WATICH
FOR WCXMEN
A Watch"" which bears *.'
our guarntee. Solid -14-
karat gold: case ¦¦ \ .". J;,
Bohra-Bristol Co.
Jewelers and : ¦.¦'>*
¦¦S\i , Sflversiniths ; ;'.¦>".¦' i .••->;
f^J* ; 1 04- 110 Geary Street vfi\- -WASHINGTON, Oct. 2£>.-%The fol
lowing ¦;, named .enlisted - men of K' the
Signal Corps : now > at the stations des
ignated ¦* after their,- respective names
will 'be >s sent . to Sitka, Alaska, report
ing by telegraph arrival! to 'the "sig-r
rial ' ofneef,* Department To f ; the- Colum
biaTy Seattle,^ Waishl; A f or J: duty*: /.' Ser-
j MichaelV A^ % : MacNurney, ; Platt3-^
burg J Barracks, N. : Y. ; Cor po rial . Lefoy
: pi v *..'Aj_lmari, > ;\FortvW6od*; i N.\;,Ti';*," I Prl
vates Isaac '[ C.\ D'ale. ; Clarence ; P,
Stokes 'and^Ja'mes 'A. Armstrong,' Be
nIcia^Barra 1 ck9, ! {Cal;\* v/
.^Lieutena'nt^ Commander, Rr, ; F. /Lo
pez - ; is > relieved from ; duty - in ; com
mand''of submarine , torpedo-boats 'at
the* navy yard; Mare *;ijiland t *ian~d-iwill
continue dutiesi"- ,- Ensign S.
Woods > will report : to ¦• the s command-,
ant "at, the Hnayy 'yard,'! Mare Island," f or
duty-lh" command j of 'submarine tor
"pedo-boats-atlthat; station; '
Army ' and "-, Navy, Orders.
SALT LAKE CITY." Utah. Oct. 29.
Senator.^WvA.'.Clark of Montana^ pres
ident of the: San I Pedro, Los Angeles
and 'Salt. Lake, Railroad,, arrived' here
tu : dayl'from Butte ; and .left with .a
party, of '". officials for Los Vegas, the
preserit terminus of > the , road.
¦ "; -;. In ah " interview . Senator Clark again
declared positively^ that- ¦the "road- to
libs' Angeles, would], be /completed : by
January 1, but "that 'through t trains
from Los Angeles to : Chicago ; would
notvbe put on until the * roadbed was
inr* thoroughly * . good "condition. He
siiidfthat; thejgap is now about sixty
miles * wide.V: butKtracklayirig is pro
gressing, rapidly from both ends, j ;
Senator 'CInrk Visits Pi'csent Terminal
of His Railway ami Predicts Its ' /(
I Speedy 1 Completion.
ROAD WILL Hi: FINISHED
BY- NEW- YEAR'S DAY
the .guy rope slipped and . he was
thrown to the ground. Some of the
rigging fell upon him, . injuring him
internally. Smith was taken . to San
Francisco.
SUCCESS MARKS
FLORAL EXHIBIT
SENATORS WILL
GO TO UTAH
Coiniiiittee ~ Investigating
Smoot Case to Examine
Witnesses inSalt Lake Citv
> . ' : "¦ . f
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— The Sen
ate Committee on Privileges and
Elections, which is investigating the
fc'moot case, will go to Utah shortly
after the election and will remain in
Salt I^ake several days examining wit
nesses. The hearing will begin about*
. the 20tli.
After the hearins in Salt Lake it is
quite likely . the Senatorial party will
go to Idaho and a session will be held
in Pocatello or Montpelier f or . the
purpose of _ examining a number, of
witnesses regarding " alleged plural
marriages which are reported to have
occurred iin the southwestern portion
of that State since the manifesto.
The committee has a long list of
witnesses to subpoena, both in Utah
and Idaho, and it is said that = a num
ber from Wyoming will also be sum :
rnoned. --. : ,' i ¦'¦¦' . .\ " .
'• - ' . -¦ ¦ : * » ¦ — ~t~t.. .','-¦-.' :
SECOND 'ATTACHMENT' SERVED.;— The
Sheriff* deputies yesterday. Jevied a eecohd at
tachment on the California . Business !' College;
of which *t.- ¥ L. Durham is preFldent, at the
Instance of the Siii Francisco Mercantile
Union, which Uas aclnim of $125 53. ¦
' ' * ' . .'-. . . ' ¦
The London Express learns that '.'it
is proposed. In America that the pre
fix 'Mr.' should be .abolished by act
of Congress and every man should be
known by his trade or profesion, as
'Draper Jones' or 'Attorney Smith.'
' ¦¦:¦ :¦¦'. ¦..-¦:.¦ :-. -. .v : .v ; ;?-¦•¦.»,¦. ;
Show Given by "tlie^ Women
of San- Mat eo Adds a Tidy
Sniu s Eimds of Society
Special Dispatch '.to. The Call.
SAN vMATEO,- Oct. 29.— The -great
floraj exhibition" given by the . ladies in
the • interest of civic improvements
came to a close to-night. Many, visit
ors from San Francisco, San Jose and
points in this county joined with the
local % , contingent in swelling the
crowd. ¦ Athletic-. Hall ' \vuis scarcely
large enough to accommodate all who
came. ¦ . v .;/;•...
What Dlants and flowers 'remained
of those, donated for sale were auc
tioned off ,to-nlght ; Many ' choice : and
rare varieties were thus added to : the
stock's of 'the collectors, -one 'of these
being : a variegated maidenhair 'feru
never before. exhibited and which gar
deners regard: as 'a freak, .though a
very pretty ' one. ' It is from D. O.^
Mills' garden." All visitors agree that
the collection of flowers "was one" of
the finest ever exhibited there.
The;; show, has been a success in
everj' sense, a handsome >sum . being
realized from it. To-night R : ; M:" Pike
and " Jack", Noyes , of the,"Faniily Club
fairly, captured the audience with their
entertaining specialties.' ¦'¦ . •:'-',*¦
.It is the t purpose' of the 'Woman's
Club" tohold a similar; show every fall:
OREGON v SHORT LIXE CAULS.,
IN FOUR -;¦ PER CENT, BONDS
Will Redeem ;PaiticipatIng v ' Securities
• at rYjce ; yaliie \yiti»;2^crcr
¦•'';.' Cent* Premium. . *
NEW ; YORK, Oct. 29.— ThevOregon
Short Line' Raiiroad -Company 'has
formally, notified .holders. of the ; 4 '• per
cent; participating' bonds that it Jhas
decided >^o' redeem ., those securities ¦ at
their, face Rvalue and a premium of 2%
per cent arid accrued interest and Jdiv
idend; payments on , February 1 1 9,^ 1905,
after: >whichC"date/ Interest and ''¦ divi
dends will not longer", accrue. -•.*¦. ¦'' *
¦ i.' The : new. 4" per cent ; r'ef unding' twen'r
ty^flve year fold |. borvds are: to/be .dated
pecefnber/ 1 ;'a 1904, *payable ) pecember
1, ';• 1909," and to ¦ bearj coupons for,,senii
annual; ¦ Interest . f rom \- December --.I,
1904," and "to ibe redeemable ; at 102^.
Rigger Smith ' Badly Hurt.
V- SAUSALITO.'^Oct: :429.~,Frederick
Smith; j a ? San ; Francisco ' phip«' rigger 1 ,
was i seriously/ injured V to-day J " .while
erecting^ a', flagpole^ in :^the -J. Sausalito
Park:;-/ He ;• wasjon*; the > shear legs • fas
teningi'ia ;' rope ' when ; ih^some. manner
.Japan is becoming , a good market
for American salmon," but; that market
.will' be closed if .the Japanese fishing
boats^are allowed free scope in Aleu
tian and Alaskan waters. For several
years more than 3000 Japanese 'fisher
men'''have been engaged in Russian
waters.- i <
Other Japanese vessels were expect
ed there this year. Captain Weaver
believes^from \vhat;he learned, that a
fleet of 800 to; 1000 Japanese fishing
vessels will operate next yerj" off th&
"A leutians -unless Congress passes a
law" requiring them ( to stay away.
Free fishing by Japanese in American
waters <s considered very unfair to
the Alaska salmoh'canners,- who ' pay
a tax : to the Government for carrying
on their '; work;
TACOMA, Oct. 29.— The steamship
Victoria from! Cape Nome conflrm-3
the news that Japanese fishermen
driven out of Russian waters and or
dered to stay'away .are now fishing in
American waters off the Aleutian Isl
ands. Captain Weaver reports that
he sighted a number of Japanese
boats off .! Dutch Harbor and learned
from the Japanese that they " were
catching humpbacked salmon for the
Japanese' market.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Japanese, Driven From Kus
siaiv Waters, Drop Nets in
: Ocean Off Aleutian Isles
FREE FISHING
IS ATTRACTIVE
J. C. Erb, J. N. Barton, R. M. Nixon,
G. F. Rowell, G. H. Brown. C. H. Fran
cis. W. H. Tudsbury. S. C. I*afrd,
C. r Dolce, J. .E. Emerson, J. : A.
Flasher and C| F. Cu^hman of Loomis;
Paul H. Steude, William Ammon, O. L.
P. Goetz, Ira A very, G. F. Parkins, J.
L. Nagel, J. F. Madden, Charles "Wor
ner and A. Fereva of Newcastle; E. J.
and E. Martin oCFruitvale, E. L. Hawk
of Rocklin; W. J. McCann, P. M. Crary
and R. J. Allbright 'of Auburn; L. C.
Gage, R. A. Lafayette. A. Ji. Symes. II
Miller. A. L. Labbe, H. J. Hansen and
Hans Jansen of Gold Hill; W.-H. Curtis
and George Burtscher of Bowman; L.
E. Butt, J. Thompson, William Carr
and D. Kays of Penryn, and James As
tlll ot Roseville.
. Another meeting will be held at Loom
is next Saturday. '.'-¦: : - •
PIjACER CX>UNTY FRXHT GROWER
WHO ADDRESSED MEETING AT
IX5OMIS YESTERDAY.
The following .Placer County fruit
growers signed the roll: A. B. Whittier,
Andrew Ryder, J. J. Brennan, H. P.
Markert, Robert Ferguson, J. L. Law,
' -¦-The meeting was enthusiastic, and
after Stephens', address and the pass
ing of the resolution it proceeded to or
ganize for the purpose of "promoting,
protecting and defending the interests
of the fruit-growers of Placer County."
-, J. N. Barton of Loomis presided and
J. F. 3Iadden of Newcastle acted as
secretary..
AUBURN, Oct.' 29.— The : fruit grow
ers of Placer County, met torday In
Loomls and took the most decided step
they have taken; in years against the
transportation companies. By a prac
tically unanimous vote a resolution
was passed "opposing the methods
pursued by, the .transportation compa
nies, chambers of corrtnerce and pro
motion- comrnittees in their, efforts to*
induce thousands of Easterners to
come here /or the purpose of investi
gating* fruit-growing." *
V R.',D. Stephens of Sacramento, was
present. In a vigorous speech he said
that the only way to fight an opponent
was to hit him where it hurts, and that
he believed if the fruit-growers would
publish the truth to the world— that
there" was no 'money to . be. made in
fruit-growing under present conditions
— it niight bring relief. Our! boards of
trade and chambers of commerce, he
said, -"supported as they were by the
patriotic producer, had simply been
feeding • the transportation companies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Resolution Voicing^tne
Sentiments of Body f ;
I AJ 1 J ¦¦--'¦
Is Adopted,
Meeting IsleoW tj
Ranchers of Note
in Placer. -
FRUIT CROWERS G ATHER
IN LOOMIS AND DISCUSS
EXISTING CONDITIONS
THE ' S AN; ERANGISGQ5 GAI^U;^SUNDAY,:' * OCTOBER^30, 1904
28
* ADVERTISPJEXTS.
1 B. KATSCHINSK1 1
I Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
I lOrTHIRD STREET, SAM FRANCISCO i
I Bess Sale Values Will Interest You I
El We have planned a most Inter- t
M esting- sale of remarkable Shoe I
|| values for this week; everyone in- b
if terested in exceptional oaxgalns r
3 should positively not overlook this E
M rare opportunity. Our special sale I
H prices are the lowest quoted for *
ra tn'f season, and every single pair I
J or Shoes Is made of the best mat*- I
"I rials, absolutely guaranteed, and I
II new fall stock jest arrived, I
y OT/B GREAT SPECIAL X3L&S- I
M v*,l t^I 1 "' Extra Quality All- 1
PJ Felt Juliets, red fleece lined; made I
Fa with black chinchilla fur tops I
ra neat shaped toes, comfortable low B
m heels and hand-turned soles. -All t
II sizes S to 8. Without question H
H this is the BEST VAiTXB of the B
a season. SPECIAL . BEDXTCEO n
A PBICB 65c B
I BOX CALF LACE fl
M This extra value and low price M
m Is proof of our ability to give the Q
3 best merchandise for the least \\
*¦ money: Ladles' Box Calf Lace H
SI Shoes, made. with new coin toes M
Eg and tips, fair stitched and double B
yk extension sewed soles; full S
H straight vamps and comfortable H
H walking 1 heels. Specially adapted H
3 ror the winter season. Sizes ;u i
£| to 8. Widths B to EE. &XTD17CE3) H
I FOUR-STRAP KID SANDALS |
t\ The*most popular and fashion- B
m able effect in dressy evening Slip- D
H.persi Ladies.' Four-Strap Button B!
M .Vici Kid Sandals, made with styl- Qt
m ish plain coin toos, flexible hand- 33
?1 turned . soles, circular- vamps and m
19 blackjet ornaments and high, con.- S|
gi cave leather heels. Would sell H
H| well at $2.00.' OtTO ' SPECIAL D
N SALS FBICB 8l.i:O &
II SUes 2& to i. Wtdtb.3 A to. E. E
ptl ° u U u *
I SUIN CALF FOR WEAR I
tJ • We have the best wearing stock £3
R . of Boys" Shoes in this city. We «P
ra sell only the kind that we can Bf
Q gruarantee.for sooa wear and long n
N service. SPECIAL SALE ¦ thl» B
H week of Boys' Satin Calf Lace H
?a Shoes, made with neat, broad toes. H
hi heavy double extension .sewed K
|i soles and triple sewed straight a
sJ vamps. .• M
1 KEEUCED SALE PKICES THIS £
M WEEK: . ¦ ii
la Little Gents' sizes, spring hee!3. H
H 9 to 11 ..})(>c B
m Youths' sizes, ll^a to 2.. . ...Ooc H
a Boys' sizes, 2H to Ji'i S.I .110 I
I MEK'S ALASKFSEAL SHOES |
jn speciai.lt adapted rox R
Rj THE WINTEH SEA3ON. MADS M
H WITH WATSBPB007 VISCOL- B
» IZSD SOLES. FOEMESIY SOLO VI
2 IN THIS CITV FOB 54.00 AND H
a S5.oo. oca pbxce onlt s: j.« m> ¦
fA AHD -S3.oO.B
&j MAXL OXOZ53 TILLED. $
iB.KATSCHINSKlg
J 10 THIRD ST.. San Tranclsco. M
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 Montgomery Street.
Capital paid op ..... .-. $ 600,000
Dividends paid to depositors .1,656,225
CHAS. CARPT. President.
ARTHUR LEGALLET Vice-president.
LEON BOCQUEBAZ, S«cr«tary.
JOHN G1NTT. Asst. Secretary.
DI3ECTOK3:
Dr. E. ArUKtiea.;Cb*9. Carpy. -Leon K*ijfftn»n.
O. Boilo. J,B.Clot. - A. Hods. ?
Leon Iiocqueraz. J. M. Ducas. ' A> Z^gailet,
J. A. Barserot. „ J. S. Godeau. . J, J. Mack.
Intercat paid on deposits. Loaca made' on
Real Katata and approved aacurltlea. '
DIRECTQp
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price; Lists Mailed
.on Application^ .
• PRSS3 AMD SALT 2OBATS. %
Ji^'HAYFS^f" Ci) S! »'PP ln K Botcher*. 108
- '. LE A KTT- BOOTS A WD ' 8XT1IOKTS.
All ktn<S» repaired. Olob« Sheet Metal Works.
-.1176-1173 Mtsglon »c Phone Main $4C1.
OILS. '
LUBRICATING' OILS; LJEONARD * EIXI3.
¦'-. 418 Front M..-ff. F. Pbooe Main 1713.
PBiirnso. -•.'.. * *
F C HHIIfiP^ PRINTER.
WEEKiY CALL, ?1.00 PER YEAIU
ADAIEKTISEaiEyrS.
XSZPORTAZrr — Mrs. E. W. Suttle,.
whose testimonial appears-'below, was
not able to attend- to her work for a
. year before .taking the Electro-
Cheniic Treatment. She is now busy
e very .-.day, and Ja at her home only
after five o'clock in the evening and
on Sundays. — This is more home-tes-
timony. Read it- carefully V > $%S!&3& I
' When a woman has been told that to
savo her life it will be necessary for her «
to undergo a dangerous surgical opera- '
tion, especially when two well-known |
hospital doctors agree that 'an operation •
is the only help— to be quickly, thorough- ;
ly and painlessly cured at a trifling ex-
pense, such a woman must surely be
grateful. Well, the Electro-Chemic treat-'
ment'has cured me after I had suCferea '
untold misery for.: seven years and after J
two of the best family physicians in San •
Francisco had told me that the onlv 1
thins that would save my life would be i
a surgical operation. I ¦ am happy and •
grateful to the Electro-Chemlc special- '
lsts for my cure, and I want every suf-:
fering woman to know 6f this wonderful
new treatment— so painless — so pleasant
— so nuick in its effects and so cheap.'
My case, was tone of those distresslnR ]
ovarian troubles. : Turners . had already '
formed and the pains in the lower abdo-
men were awful. . The pains and weak-;
ness In my back*, at times were almost
unbearable . I was dizzy. I. could not eat;
I was sick at my stomach and at times
could not sle*p.* ; My picture at the top
of this article Is quite good. My! name la
Mrs. E. W." Suttle and I live at No. 182
Perry street. San Francisco-. Any one In-
terested in my wonderful cure is at lib-
erty to call on me for further particu-
lars.
If Electro-Chemistry had accomplished
nothlos else butvthecur* of suffering
women, keeping them off of the operat-
ing table.. -It would take -a first place
amongst. the greatest of modern discov-
! erics as '^ curative agent, but Electro-
chemistry is the "most successful .treat-
ment now* In usp for the cure of Con-
sumption.. Catarrh. :,\Asthma. Bronchitis.
Rheumatism. . . Neuralgia. . Locomotor
Atasia. Falling Sickness. Epilepsy. . Diz-
ziness, Headaches.' Spots Before the Eyes
.Piles. Fissure. Fistula. Stricture. Prosta-
titis.' Varicocele. Nerve Exhaustion. Can-
cers. Tumors,: Old Sorea and Abscessea.
Weak TKeart. Palpitation, Shortness of
Breath, . Insomnia, Blood Poison. Skin
Diseases. Eczema, Goiter. Swollen Joints,
Weak Back, Kidney Disease*, Bladder
Diseases, Bright'*. Disease. Diabetes, etc..
etc. ' i| 'HhK^MMS >f
Tho Elcrtro-Chfemlc examination is the
most Reliable examination that any suf-
ferer ,:c<=tn have.- ; Such an examination
will quickly show .whether t\ case i.i cura-
ble or not.* and -this fixamlnation is now
absolutely fr** to any sufferer applying
at the Institute'' for .'it. The Electro-
Chemlc Institute occupies nearly^ the
whol»:flr«t: floor of th<« large building at
3 IS f Grant ' avenue, . comer of Post street.
The ofllc«- h«njrs are from. nine to five and
from seven; to eight, dally, and from ten
to onp^on Sundays.*. There are retired and
private apartments set,aside for the main
and female patients. s The Electro-Chemlc
Institute, is the only, institution on the
Pacific Coast doing this work. : The office
is centrally, located Rt 118 Grant avenue,
and 'persons desiring to consult'the Elec-
tro-Chemic*specialiats' will"' do " well to
makeno mistake regarding the place."!- -,
; \The;ElePtro-ChemIc home, treatment Is
/very succ?ssful , and patients -who ara
sick and "who ? live at it distance should
try. to come for -personal -examination
.wh*n. possible.' ¦. When^-.this can' not be
done, .'a I short description of "principal
symptoms;shouldbe'8ent*In''and full in-
structlons* regarding; examination 'and -a
home^c^urReiiOf * the "treatment" will fbe
promptly forwarded, free of. charge.'? '
J&tttQnfiStyil* ¦ eBUSEBk P&1 W3 rh H JS6 xSf JbbXbSw Jk1xJ& BveI^m i'^M HB ira BBswSr fl n MS^S mK&SBm tJH^Mm ¦ jM
AsSBauf fflFw*H» J»-'^"J^rBy BSBm Jw&MsiwMSmBf Jt (H MmfSf tim ¥&& BBB §Ski& mS&^m *~'Mm :
Ba3nlM^B9OK BkV ¦^^9mHB m^E£9Z£5 ' • .^^iMMfMWWWBHIBWWWWtii^^^m^ " "'-'* '¦•-" ¦¦ ¦ V v ¦' '' ' ' '¦ ¦**,¦ ¦¦"''"."-,¦*!¦'
WiLh Prices ThaL Would Make a Commercial Traveler Settle Dpw^
And business is here with a rush. Last week our store following day. Our additional floors are not completed, and.
resembled a popular matinee. And there's a -reason for it: we must make room for pur holiday; # lose . our holi-?
f f „_ day trade, i A^ few dollars' deposit will be sufficient forsyou to
The Goods are right; the prices are .. honestly reduced, and take or hold any article or articles you may choose. Read over
every woman that comes in sends in at least two more on the. our prices and then look over our- stock. ' %
-*¦•---«* — =- -^^ Q if IV |J TABOUBET "of solid Sll— ENAMEL CRIB, with g^^j^—^^*^^^ . •^i'v|H >S Ssn
ti ii wl I] oak; French curved high "let-down" sides and F& yM ©U7 D H I
«^r^^^^T-/*^ ' fl li! * I' V legs; worth double the open steel_ springs — sanitary efc^ur"'^ J= "* l ~ri =J ™j li "¦ S ii ¦ B
" 316.50 — makogant When you see these things, our salesmen v
512^0 — CH.1PFOBTIEK PAKLOE CHAIK; spring wnn't have tn, #»vn1ain fVint flip valii*»<5 are ' 1 S7.50 — BOUDOXB
of oak; large aad seats; silk covers; inlaid wont nave tO explain tnat Uie VaiUeS are S3.5O - COMPOST CHAXR, oak, birds-
roomy; five drawers panels with hickory, y,:_ a _j t i-_ -,-:*-- <>iif w <mj \r\w \A/*» »-„;¦- ROCKER, golden oak; eye maple" or <urly
with brass fittings: . laurel, maple woods and Dig and tne prices CUt Very 1OW. We never leather seat; wide back. birch; elegant for
. plate mirror. .. CO OC mother or pearlCiiftn j_ 4.Vi;««re K« In1««c ¦ : v. , ¦ and comfortable— Ci oc desk, hall or C * OC
jO.CD -.*; dO things by halves. • remember that. ... *1«OD bedroom.... +*«O D
|'_T*^J* L *"^ W '¦' '¦ ' ¦ ¦ H» S48.50 — TURKISH (6) S60 — DAVENPOIIT; nak *££~ Cy VSJ-'^S
J' -^" - CHAIR; genuine leather, or mahogany finish; covers ; ' ¦ -. • » • ¦: v.' ' -"^ypi
.;&¦ " 'iS.'SidS 1^!? -- agiftforthes31 ' 5Q Z-2&& GobeUn S4S.0Q - - : v"^^ .
* quartered- b«au- ¦¦ ¦" r mm *——*-—" mm — —^ ««««— i— (8) S3S — LIBRARY TABLE; in golden
(!) $i S -MISSION- SETTEE- S?KS wondcV^lTrairfing. °Chinas :gB: 'reproduction of an old ; carved: design ./..... .f. ....... »Z!>.OQ
\ij 9is mwoiun - ocx ir. &,.^ , Thls oneCiCQfl; trom $10 up.-- This CCO en French design. See *.r ft ftf) \ .......
heavy weathered finish; rush bot- now .piiJ.wy one now .. .pJO.JU lt - Now*-. . . . . . . ... '¦P ov * u " (g)" '$15— IMPERIAL COUCH; *
torn scat; pure Mission. ••'*> ¦ f &^&os&&r^$x**<*xx^~-*7&l^^ oak frame"; claw feet. Damask
h 0 Q t li Sorosis shoes arc An r A
fe Opi.y v ll .within reach ;pl all. v.u i U U
I sorosjs
I 216 "POkSTvST -^r-— -<^> TnTHiDfi^r *
ADVEIITISEMENTS. '
Trunks and
We have now on display the
; niost- complete and up-to-date
'; stock of trunks 'and V- leather*
goods shown. in the : market.
prices. First-class
Vsppdsl "
A. B; Smith Go.,
116 FHis Street- ; : -
'?CAx-^MMlp^'icjc^j), ; ''
>:-r- 3\Iy reputation on this work is 'sare?
¦; So j is ' work! when ?¦ you I order : of
¦me. Order, now and you'll continue to
order, 1 in: future; mere are 51 a few 'of
• my,flgures:^ ;¦¦ ¦¦¦-"¦¦ - : ; ' . - ; '' ;
*.?":r-"V'-".J-'v-;Di!VEliO*i»lwd: . .',;
;^loll of 6. . . . .-:10o | Rollof 12. .=. . .15o
_;%^^^^^,
Sollo : flnish^.3c-5o | Veloxi 1 finish. .3c-6o
USE DAYLIGHT LOADING PILMS
•^-All- popular j sizes at'=popular. prices. 1
' AKSCO ". CAMERAS— Are hie h prade
and thoroughly dependable. »2.OO up.*
' CYKO '.!., PHOTO h PAPER— Insures
i full. .tone lvalues, and -: beautiful ~ dQtail.^
i Cameras .repaired, at .reasonable
prices. C '¦ ?.¦./,¦;'' -?•* • "~ '¦ '¦¦¦¦"'"¦-¦'¦"':','' ¦'".
: i 'Mali orders promptly filled.:
W\0 MAN PITTS'
;^-F.i"W.>PITTS.;The. stationer.: -:i
1008 ' MARKET,! STREET. Obd. : rif th,
;-'•;¦; ••"--. •. ; i san t francisco: -;¦'' -"!;¦¦ -:I -LONDON, // Oct. 29.— A ; delegation
representing ; the % crew.- of -the
StateiB'cTfulser^Olymplajtb/^day/rpVesVat^
ed Str v ' Thomas Lipton '/with J'a loving:
cup'/subscrib'ed' for, by .- the'ehtlret'irew?
Ol>*mpla*s , Crew \ Honors Lipton.
> SALINAS. . Oct. > 2 9.— After an -exam-/
iriatiori/ of; more • than ! thirty
at tthe . preliinlnary ; hearing) of * Private
Allen, -Ninth r Cavalry,'/; charged with
the > murd er /of i Sergeant / Tooley, Fif -
Xegro. Soldier, Held for 'Murder.
First Bustt-You' look .thin
Second Bu?— I am: I've been board
ing all winter 'on. Mrs. Bluffer 1 ! Imi
tation oalm.— Detrolt','Pr*e.Pres*
A , atory > by Jam«s Hopper, the Berxel«y
COACh. entitled "Locomotive Jonea. , a Vootball
Fantasy." l.« a feature ot , Sunset . Magazine
for N»vemt>»r.*£Vt'3^** 1 si** t 'jla(BBi - v
Hopper's Story In £ Sunset.
MARYSyiLLE,;: Oct ; 29./— Benjamin
Thomas . Hanson, aged , 102, years, /died
at the County Hospital in, this city. to-'
day. was '-a native of/Mary
land .arid "a .carpenter; by trade!/ "He
spent many years', in : Tuba Ccfunty, ¦ old
age finally coriipelling him to 'seek
public. «tiarity3BfiBfiHBHH9HH
Dies at Ago of; 102.
i* Special table 'd'hote- dinner at Terrace
Garden.": 125 "Mason' 5treet,""-to-night.'!6:30
to 8:30. -r Music by 'JaulusV Orchestra. '• : ".
/ ST. ' LOUIS./ OcV; 29./— The Globe-Wer
nlcke.Co.. Cincinnati.'. was to-day hono/ea
with two 'highest: awards for "Elastic"
Book i Cases, Filing Cabinets .and office
appliances 1 .; ¦
(Special to The Call:)
Globe- Wernlcke/CoC/ Doubly Honored.
SAN .JOSE. ¦-; Oct. { 29.^— Albert Ken
drick. arid Charles p., Sota. aged 10
arid 14 years respectively, broke into
a -grocery early this morning arid car
ried away watches, rings, tobacco
a. variety , of [ goods.- They/ were ; cap
tured an hour ; later and the goods rej
covered. The boys confessed. •
Store Looted . by Boys.
EELV1DERK.N. J.. Oct.* Z>.— A fire is
raging^ for! a'diitance of.' twentyVmlles
eastward /frbinf^Wlnd Gap, affecting a
very " In rge / portion": of • the Blue Ridgtr
Mountains. ; /Qver;' 10.000 > I acres have
thus//ar^been^devastated. fine
timber -has -been I destroyed.";' •
-. Fire" Extends" for^,' Twenty/ Miles.
BERLIN, ; Get, 29.— Mme. Calve Is
touring Germany for the first time. She
sang in^ '•Carmen" -yesterday • evening
to a*.sold-out house and had many" ref
calls, / but :. it ' Avas remarked that the
majority .of the audience did not : par
ticipate In : the/enthusiasm." The (critics
praise* her slrigingr /and acting uristlnt :
edly, but generally) reject 1 Mme..Calve*s
conception of / Carmen ? in), making i her
afinelady'ln'; Paris' salons instead of \'u
simple (cigarette jglrLy: , :'¦.?.
Sings Carmen in' Berlin .Theater to
; .; a Large but Coldly Critical .
;> Audience.'
Intevery phase of life the; most diffi
cult', part . of an undertaking is • making a
start.- : If this city .'had
never i made "a i start i. there • would f have
been no . rich , men. ;A nd ; how " did the ma-
Jojrit'y :. of "them/ riiake their "start ?]*-• By
savings something i from t their )' weekly . ot
monthly^ income. : VTou can ' do! the < same
and you* willi find that saving Is; the onl>
road ; that ' leads ¦ to 1 wealth ¦ or ito 'indepen
dence, s which -' is i the «¦ difference i between
havlnp. money: and not having; any. s* Once
you 'get'. into the : habit of . saving, you are
surprised? howj quickly the money taccu
mulates. • .You ;can start with $1 .with \ the
Phoenix : Savings. VB.' & L. ! Ass'n.t 516 : Cal«
if ornia; street,*; recel ving 1 4 % j per. cent,! in
terest x : compounded >< semi-annually.'.^^Ori
term * accounts j 6 ; per : cent i Is . paid, - paya
ble . semi-annual{y. .;• Paid-up : capital,*^ %1.
250,000;?g-uarantee; fund,!" $20p.000.*. '^The
directors areSjA. ; 'A*t.WatkIns,', Charles* R.
Bishops George C Boardman," S.'rPrentissj
Smith. • Gavin u McNab, : Charles c E. Ladd ;
ClarenceiGrange.'managing. director.' • ,
How to Make" a Start.
SALINAS, Oct. 29.*— About ten days
ago Jose Juarez applied to a Blanco
rancher named Bardin for work. He
was employed.; " His duties brought
him to the family residence often.
Last .Wednesday about ;. midnight
Juarez .. secured a large' club, » forced
an entrance to the residence through
a, window 7 and- proceeded ito .ransack
the placed He made : his t'way, into •¦ a
bedroo"m .where ¦ Bardin iwasfapparent^
ly> asleep arid ' stealthily '^approached
the;bed;Wlth the: club raised: jBardin;
who had been aroused : by i, the intruder,
noticed the club /and : did.: riot 4 move.
Juarez .carefully \ watched ;hinVf or, 'sevf
eral '¦'¦ minutes ; and, "appareritly\ r satlsfled
his ; employer^, w'as asleep,*; lowered\the
cliibj and : gathered up * the /money, ; Jew
els and clothing in the roorii arid made
good '[his ; escape. ;,./,¦;,/.
Bardin shortly, after arose and. 'gave
the, alarm, /furnishing, a; full descrip-
Salinas Fanner Has Thrilling Expe
rience at 'v Midnight- With' ills 1
. Hired Man. .;
• REDDING. Oct. 29. — The charge of
'murder ': that ; for the last two weeks
has "rested . against Lester Stowe,- the
10-year-old boy who killed his sister
Rosa, ased 17 years, by shooting her.
was dismissed to-day by Justice of the
Peace George Bush at the conclusion
of the preliminary examination. The
Justice held that "though, the boy. and
girl quarreled just before the shoot-
Ing, the shooting was accidental, the
boy intending only to - frighten his sis
ter. The prisoner, claimed on I the
stand that he did not -know the gun
was loaded.*
Justice of Peace Holds That Shooting
; ..of Rosa Stowe Was
Accidental. -
BOY", WHO KILLED
- . .IS RELEASED BY COURT
CAL.VS TOURING
forYtiie first time
teehtti ••" Infantry. - at - Monterey .last
week,\ the 'court i decided - to ; hold Al
len""to /answer.". before "the
Court. ;- . \ !»*'-. - "••'¦ 1 ;
tion : of the ~ r burglar.^ Juarez ;'was ar
rested by Sheriff ; NesbUt;! yesterday .V,-
LIES IX BED AND WATCHES
BURGLAR ROOM
In addition" to the severe check admin-"
isteredfby the alarming friction be
tween England and Russia an unfavor
able effect was caused by the. poor
quarterly statement of the United
States Steel Corporation. (
Speculative bonds have been most
prominent and have moved in sympa
thy with stocks. . United States bonds
were' unchanged on call.
Individuals and firms are credited
with handling as high as 100,000 shares
of various stocks during a day. Given
to such operators, who buy successively
from each other, each time at an ad
vance in prices, it will be seen that a
constant succession of speculative
profits are indicated, but with the profit
on the whole dependent on the success
of the final holder In distributing his
holdings above his purchase price. Sus
picion of enormous transactions of this
kind was the cause of the tenderness
of the market and the precipitate un
loading of stocks in the rush to save
profits or to prevent heavy losses \\hen
prices turned downward. The dimen
sions of the market are Indicated by a
comparison with the record dealings
for the week ending Saturday, May 4,
1901, which was the week of the com
petitive buying of the transcontinental
railroad stocks which ; led up to the
Northern Pacific corner and the panic
of May 9 of that year. Aggregate sales
of stocks at the Stock Exchange in the
week footed up 15,518,^00 shares. For the
week ending to-day the aggregate sales
have been 9,887,800 shares. Union Pa
cific's prominence this week has 6een
due to the supposition that a plan of
settlement of ' the long-projected com
munity of Interest in the transconti
nental railroads was being worked out.
MANY SHARES HAXDIJED
. The latter factor, coming: upon an
extended speculative situation, caused
an effect in the New York stock market
more acute than in other markets much
more vitally concerned in the outcome,
but t$K» week's results on prices are
mixed, both by reason of remnants of
the earlier strength in the market and
of recoveries after the Anglo-Russian
crisis had passed. The furious specula
tion has centered in Union Pacific, deal
ings ir. * that stock rising above 200,000
chares on' three separate days and to
360,000 shares on Tuesday. The week's
rales of this stock on the Stock Ex
change have been considerably over 1,-
OOO.OOO shares, or as much as the total
outstanding common stock 'of the com
pany, -which numbers 1,087,729 shares.
No one supposed that the control has
passed, the same stocks changing
hands many times in the course of the
¦week. The strong side of the week has
offered great opportunities for traders,
and this constant changing of holdings
has been a feature of the trading.
The tone of the foreign exchange
market was slightly easier, b,ut further
exports of g-old next week are general
ly expected; Total sales of bonds, par
value. $5,273,000.
Speculation in stocks this week has
approached the high record level of
activity at times, and with a number
of conflicting factors in force the mar
ket has been' of a tumultuous charac
ter. On the one hand have been numer
sus rumors of railroad deals and on
the other alarming etTect of the
Anglo- Russian crisis, straining the re
lations between Russia and Great Brit
ain by the firing upon of the Hull flsh
in*; fleet by the Russian men-of-war.
NEW YORK, Oct 29.— With the ef
fective clearing up of the threatened
international complications abroad, the
speculation In stocks here broke into
renewed animation to-day, and the
rise in prices was renewed with as
much animation and assurance as with
the opening of the week. There was
no indication that sueh a thing as an
Anglo-Russian war had ever threaten
ed, and the final prices to-day were
In some conspicuous cases the highest
of the week and of the year. The ad
vance was even more comprehensive
and more evenly distributed than in the
market of the earlier part of the week.
Such weakness as was shown was due
t-» specific causes, except for the sud
den losses of its gain by St. Paul in
the final dealings, which made the
close slightly irregular and gave the
market an appearance of action be
tween contending fences to determine
the dosing tone. TUe determined sup
port of the forces behind the market
generally prevailed, however, and the
closing -was very animated. Of the
weak spots in the market, that of On
tario and Western was due to the
doubt thrown upon the earlier con
viction that equal terms were to be
offered to majority and minority hold
ers in the purchase of control. The
break in Metropolitan Street Railway
and in Metropolitan ' Securities was
quite clearly a speculation on the pos
tlble future effects of the newly open
ed subway on the local transit traffic
Amalgamated Copper, Sugar, Union
Pacific, Rock Island, Erie and South
ern Railway were conspicuous fea
tures, but the strength was so general
ae to leave no room for detailed speci
fication here. The bank statement
showed the expected small change in
cash, but the increase in deposits
through the loan expansion depressed
the surplus level,
FOREIGN* EXCHANGE. -
All Effects of Threatened
Anglo - Kussian Collision
Are Entirely Obliterated
BIG. ADVANCE IN PBICES
Clearing of European War
Cloud Puts New Life Into
Wall Street Speculation
STOCK MARKET
REANIMATED
29
THEV ?SAN FKAMCJliiCOBGAmi, '^SUNDAY; tOGTOBRR^SO^ 1904;
IT. IS THE OPPORTUXITY
'/; We M ake XThat . Mak« Us. .
Take t lie - time and opportun-
ity to jread our EDUCATIONAL
COLUMN;" then .write for cata-
logues.' ,
THE EMPORIU3I. .:.'¦¦ I ' THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUai. I THE \^IPOJRIUM. r I y THE EMPORIUM. 1 THE EMPORIUM. * '
** * '- '¦'¦'**• ' ' * * ¦ ' *- -¦- ¦' ' ¦•"-- .:..:. -.—.....'. ° .....'...'. ,.-r — ; .....^.,-... . ... •.•......-..,.. ..'.' ........... >*^ ..,.'-......¦¦ e . .. > .~ ..._¦.-..•.-.. ,.. ...... ' - ¦ - -
I An Extensive Ssampi& Lm& Women's Suits at $13,50 and $16*50-
i <$0&^± The season's best of fering— prompt buy ers wilt make big savings
j: ' Our suit and cloak l5uyer on his second Fall trip to New. °~ : : °
•• Si^W } >IZt ' York, tWO Weeks. agO, Secured thsse Splendid Values fOL Em- Christmas eight u-e^s'from to-day None too soon for
C» \» 7^ cKJ!^ • ,- A i- i r . : i' • i-' i- 1- ill j beoblevin remote sections to begin to plan their Holiday bur-
\ jgcJ j%&<^ - ponum patrons— -the comDete-samole- hne t of a reliable, and- ?- .' ¦ :-,:* .. ; A ,,. ¦ . •' • - p > "
J« _^- «^S^^. s^Jril^^ t • ¦ : . chases. Out-of-town patrons should send for our 12S page
J /^\^^$T7r> \*kjL popular WOman S tailor, Whose Styles for thi.S. Season have Ghieral Catalogue. Holiday Book Bulletin and other Chrisi-
IWa\ vWi l! \^r^¥i.\\ P/pVedJrn6st>a^ *¦ ina's literature. ¦¦¦yThey.will\help' ymi ai^ Ao- ict^e.\i-
$ / " 1 \ V nlf F ' \A^li/^M\ su ! ts : were mac^ e retail .for about/double the; sale price, and- ':°, >r.\. ,:...,; v '..'.[ -h-z. — °
S / \hA'il$MR VTlV^wr \^^ being samples:there/are, of course; : no-two suits alike^ /•¦-•-:/-/ The Lowest Price We've Asked For
i W^PflSPw lUtit^K-^ . To these specimen garments we have added many broken Notions and Dressmakers' Findings
i ' * A-^TO/frSlN'i^k I 11^©^ lines of suits'fromQurregular,stock.;Where<wehaveiound.' It thcrc irc -dr«smakcri in s™~ Fr» n cuco Who do not bay their-, mail
K \ i,/M: / / Jl jTV- rJffC'^ tJUt One Or t\VO SUitS Of a/kind remaining-.;on hand,- We- have notions ihd-lioings at The Emporium, they .houM^ in vettigate our prices and
*' \--&- I illl lS^^TOvl rT^W W*JV- added them tO this assortment, thereby, filling in all; SIZeS^ not*, .qualitlei. ; A» low as our.regulir price* are vre again cut many_of*them for*
** ArlJ ' I JinSlWiMl I \ V.vBiWlfl'' represented in the sample line/and making it possible to Monday and Tu=sday."
£ / Vt^^CT I'IBhHIbIbhI I I \ \ Will! nrnnorlv fif 1I1U nnrmil wnmm ' V r i^MBMI Hump haoki »nd eyet, card 2O 3 yard bone casing, piec: . . . . . 2)iO
x / i! Iwl I iSffi I I \vSSst\i properly tit any norm ii woman. - : • ,- Ball and , ockct fj$:encrS) dozcn .... 4o mtc]c and whIte co::on tape:
* /L^hrWlM vWSSSsSA \ I r 1 \i?i This is why you can choose Monday, Tuesday and .^i g ht weight d KU mm$, pair . . . . .80 no. 4 . 3 f « S c-dorcn .;. . . . isc
IS I 7 / / JM lilHHH \ I V\\wi Wednesday from hundreds of stylish tailor-made, street and T^^jfy^^y.Si si ¥£%$£: ! . I 220
'S U / (M PHill ' \ \ Will runabout dresses, , .' rfpv.; , ; . *°^10 *x* «X^« . . . .25 C
5 >w / I / Isfl MBSBmH I \ \ \ \\ f .. ff • -- *'¦****;******¦ American Fcatherbone; Gro,gram ,nic Na '• ». a K e each. do«a .... 3Oc
1 ,<fefid I / fflll J^IiOTbMI I \, V VV ' $&€X11BM£&GZ MB EH Wtfk €»^?^ EM MM • cov:re<1 . V" d WO! cotton covered, yard 5 y«d piece Angora .icirt braid . . . lUO
* ffl/fi IHiFkI If m mw'U v *i v\il\ • ~ •. - ,• , A1 , \ ,. ¦ . i ' ¦ • -u cc \ * — " No - j >tockinet dr -» « hieId '. p> ir - • so
£ yy-V/ f itW'VWb swr II w v\ Am suits made of the latest novelty mixtures and mannish effects; Safefy^^ Pins n!ckcl and b uc!c-Not a -«,' s *°- 3 itock-ntt dre» .hdd,, p « . . . 70
I /#//// #11 MW- U L E4-"\nS» suits of havy and black cheviot, aad fine ;solidcolorcloths,; • '-««• KS^SSS*^ " 2 *°
*> W //In it' 1 fltllur lYi- r^\' !l Liw the chea P est in the lot a big value at $18.50, and many of them ; 0O yards bast:ni , co : t ; P ; 3 " { ' 0T ; ; ; ; \jfc y 2 ; n ., y a. . 4 C -a in., y i. . 60
£ H^/'Jil 7 life iA\V\* InJ) I dl WiiW worth $35.00 and more, for the three davs (if quantity lasts) 5°° vard ijoou tasting cotton, each. .. bo H :»•» yj .. 4c 1 «.. yd.. 70
$ ¦ Vifv/ /' ¦fllrwllaPlir / Pm &43&, \ Wy* ' ' .^ -.,,¦':-- -^ ¦ ¦¦¦ . Iron wax, 3 for. . .: . .¦-..-.... . ffO X m > J d ' • OC - ..
* <K '^f'J / l I utttmjP' U f / -I J^lV V*^ dt*'8l *& -E2m tte'Sfy' R£f% • P e; t't hoolc«and eyes, package.. . . . 8O Corduroy tkirt binding, jd . . ... . SO
J" I_J^ W I nMS^ 0^ I -VL^ ¦' • mmmMlm " GaCC f 5 " 1 ! 1 "^ P !e « 15C 36 m. mercirizcd !at:en lining, rd.. IB^O
a/ " ' ''^\ -\ Y **A-r F* ' ¦- ... ."¦ ¦ :-.:',' ¦*~~. . ' Ssam tinding,- piece. -lUC 36 in. shadow s-llc lin'ng, vd. . . . 12}*C
*t .^ ' ' ...-'.-'.'.¦- '. . ' ' ' ' ' '- — — — : — ~ — — -¦¦' •''-'• ' ' — ¦ i = : ¦ — ¦ — ¦ — : : : : -¦
I Buy 75C DreSS Goods NOW for 48C Ext?a Bargain in Monday Mon^-Saving Event b,
I Buy 85c Silks for Street Wear for 58c l!^^^ : |l|lli|ll^l:ii|l|
J We close the month with an unparalleled dress goods .y\ limited quantity of shirt waist. tifully.COloredllteSUujectS, than rega'arvalues.
% offering- The fabrics are new and desirable for street s ilks handsom" taffeta and Lu- artistically matted , and * Manuhctvrer's Samples— of Nottingham'lace curtain*, average |« #m
» wear, the colors all that can possibly be desired. jsines in small Effective* designs handsomely framed in; 4-' length \y 2 yd*, 1 all sty.es to seVctfrom. Monday and Tuesday, each t
% ISSiSliiiili . -theVotinas are navy, brown. M ||gSp^ig,M^^
J 46-inch mixed camel's-hair suitings. sky blue, Nile, gray, cardinal and pink, incomparably &Q S^& 5»-25 Curtains, pair 99c $2.25 Curtains, pair $1.65
J 56-inch mixed suiting in dark grounds. a beautiful, soft fabric, and well worth low sale price • l r™ 1 , $1.50 Curtains, pair $1.19 $2.75 Curtains, pair $1.98
jar Not a piece in the lot that is not readily worth 75c the 85c the yard, both lots offered' for ¦¦¦-• : - •-¦ ¦¦•¦-•¦'-'¦¦* ,....,,..
*! yard, and all of them extraordinary bar- J3_$&ff% Monday and Tuesday only SZj&aik BUB a* b* «-#€»«# E, 'fi* - \ Dolis to DreSS ior XfflaS •
£ gains at the Monday and Tuesday price. . . *at • • . ..".'. ;."..:.". •#€#l«r BY£I&BMU*MJ? & ****5 - . v , $1.75 Kind Monday $1.09
% 24-inch Plain and Fancy Velvets— in all Broadtail Velvets— ill purs . silk, no color Eng'ish Mohair Suitingj-pV.n and nov-.'.- ' Iflf faff f* fig Gig} ffjls For $1.09- At p'ctured, a. uperlor quality papfcr mache bodr doll, 19 -^.
tf dark and stapl: coloringj, will give exesp- wanting, here, per yard ...... 9ffo K ty eff.-cts, * seKiciable fabric much in de- WW '*'.•** -**"V IM^ " ¦ inches rail, fiill baU and loclcet joints, first-c au buque head _ with .-. /&Vjk
'JC tionai wear, yard. 75O 56-inch Mixed Suiting* -tVitreer wear- ¦ mand, yard . . . . . . .'. . SI .OO Fn;-[o! Loam Muslin— the soft finish. . '¦ s!ee { ing eyes, open mouth thDwinj pearly te;th, fine full moha:r wig ¦W m . m %kA
It Tafftta Silks^n a superior quality, over 300 neat, subdued co!orin£«, a regular >i. 00 re- 56-!nch Eiglish Covert- for mits and .-pa- , -. ¦¦>¦ „,,„-. , _,.. i. nown malte U n- woven on a net, open work blac* ttockmg*, bronxe **1±
J drtinct coloring* to choose torn, best in ' v tailer- ' • rate ciat V tan and mode shade*, a ' nnerhr yarc-wice, , W=l.-.nown. iu- , ! e «her ties, hce chsmise, an exceptional good vams ffjilO fsTprftf^
* the market for the price, yard . . . 75O vard 85c - qua! t , vari $1.5O surpassed for general U!C— m-t «,. 7S , only - . . . . * * «^ *^ <&£H*6tjh&
«f P ° ' -¦¦¦¦¦ ° < g *T- s >y v Monday only, yard .. .*2f7 Papier Mache Jointed Doll- «# inche* .tall, te« bi-que head, -I^^VO^
h A r • mm m f» Off** MficiA IJIa . • ¦ > • : . * ... inchej ull, ; bisque "bead with fine wig, lace trimmed chemise, |\fl f[\fi[
J /:-/' Sale HUSSl3n i>pOngeS BWiUSSG tOU Lonjcloth Sale— t h « fi° e . charaols - fin - ". sleeping eye^ shoes and stock- open work s ockings, patent <<Hf 1 1 *1
i* (&~ f^^ Tlimh'f»t*<S less EJt [f O» r *^ A Monday and. During Week i in maice.. yard /wide, 12-yard piece . ings. ....... 23O leather slippers, big nhie. 98O ft I \\ I
V l^*^ ¦^3*1 - ¦ than "**'*' riCe .A Eito' DLirnjy. Sjng or "two step. of the 1 . 50 " qua ity/ to-morrow Kid Body Doll— 1 4. inches tall, Dolls to Dress u Babies— Papier 111 IV \ f '
*>" VS£-'-J&i I ?l iUiOndaW t-, iL - • r-. • Si. L>usRag. Twj st:p. c" v , _ n ' v ' ' «f f Hfi' bisque head, » eeping eyes, metal mache bodies, full jointed, ball hi I \V \
£ S?^?2 * » ' ' ' '- These are the genuine, Russian SuV D. nee.' Ind:an characterise ? : L 00^ • • • • .* • • ¦ ' * /fC/tf riveted joint*, shoes and ttrck- and socket, b-»que heads, ihort .Iff I X\ \ ,
'5 P^lsliri 1 " k Claret Or. lemon- rubber SDOngfeS* TheV OUtwear K : Vor- S.ng. Rnp:e Din«/ •¦-.:¦¦ India Linoa- At, unu>ua! ralue, sneer white i r 48C ' baby hair wigs, lorgkee trimmed // / kill \
\i '££%WP^t * t w, SpOIlJ,e S .liey OUlwear Two K .. ss Clf Browrl . Sjng . Inda l,, Jn , 30 inchei widr, y.r.i . . WO Indestructible D0II1-13. inches chemi«- (// m.\
J —^^^v-jr aw.Tumblcrs— and are better than regular G iri You Lov=. Song. : Blea-hed Sheeting -the good un- ta!i( y ou'can drive nail* m the 7-™h SOo ';">^rt*i — ;
\h - Ihin blown giass, sponges. Thesfe Were not Of Uni- : MenJelssohn't S(.r ng Soig, with words. dr.-»» C a ¦ r.und thread kind, in two width.. head and it will not *¦ break), . 9 3/-nch . . . 75O ' HJP
I 5* _ • , . ¦¦¦¦. , \ There's Nobody Just L : ks You. Sonj. oniv at less thjn mill co*t— ¦' ' short and stockings . ..72C 13^-inch. . $1.00
i Jtf dainty engraving, ~good - va'ue at form size and shape' and SO we AliccR^^vdtWalu.- i i" f ,ine C beds vd ISO ¦ Full Jointed Dolls - Ball and 17-inch ... $1.EO *P "
ii* <• ioth<. dozen Mondav COa secured them for less than half. Right w. y March. . • - '. . J*.?; for - dou B ble 2 Oo^:, f^ ket » p»p ; » mach r ***> '? T alinch • : S2.OU
<• JI.IO tne cozen, l>ionaay . Q*?£* Come, Zindi, B: My Br;d:. Song. '
«,ru-« B -T. iiillipii I^iiSi^-';' A 25 per cent Reduction Sale
g ..h, pe , .,hio b:.wn. in.,.,d c. soc and esc s P on 8 es. 2Sc .,; W - ¦ = . . o w the Fi'uost Furniture Made
V $1. I O the dozen, Monday .. 600 85c tO SI- 25 Sponges, 4S«3 Keep on a Shining, Silvery 'Moon. Song. : :- ;/..; •- .' , -. : :. ' .-: -\ TT "-^"V^'/'w- ' .-V.r' '- ' . " :
JC '" - " '¦'" ' ''¦' '^ ' "' "'' ' ' .. ' ;-;^ There^Vafe still rhany;people in" San Francisco Vho do : not. know that this store- carries the finest
\t O^f^ OnW *%m*»i *>K*% RT**gE MM'rzSc&fSra&aez ®^* Yzas+tS W*^ of;furniture:fnanufactured in: the; . world.- r Many,- people consider department store and "cheap- .
\i &&IO /ZVJtG iMfM dm&G r&BMJnr&B9lBng9+M%0****** >hnny-^aY.synpny^ especially our fyrmture
5f We closed out the balance of three lines of Waistingi from on^ of the stock would be a revelation to people' likethese.: ,.,.-' , . , ... */. A^
•at - - ; r-. — ; : — ,_ .- , ....... .'.• " __ . . , - Toincluce'a visit of inspection; from those :"\vho are furnishing or contemplating furnishinji within the
ijf . mills (in all about 200 pieces) at a fraction of their va'u;s. Some are 32-mcri- near future we offer, beginning Monday, a : : reduction /of^one-quarter from the plainly marked prices on
i*^ wide Oxfords, in fancy cord weavrs. in printed colors; nthersare 32-inch solid many pieces o£ oiir best furniture. 'Z.X-^-
, J« colors, in basket weaves; and the third lot 27-inch heivy mak*s in plain j|a . ¦'.% _¦ .. ¦ yc^ ': /Ht&k: ¦••¦••- %
*{ Bed Sheets— The real linen finish, heavy bleach d shsets, full siz:, Comforters- High-d;«i tuftsd comforters, extra grade filling, on spe- Wffii^Wf jtWt^ 4M ''^'^^Ww^\ " yy-jjiy^S^ Wi'^^^-^h^
j£ Comforters - Good white sanitary filling, fill size, nicely tufted, the flannels, in cream grounds, pink and b".u: stripes, also 'j^f^ ? B^P^^jflW 1^{PaiW^ffPff*i fflfarii^T''^Sftij^
%i r\irriirA <=>5ic\; anH --KJf&SJ&^RlSP^SP^ Miller's Naptha Soap — 23 ban Grap; Tuic: — Bottle-. . .43c ' * ¦> ,-.^" --:•'' • : / • - — - - __
S rnrnfrfrVohiA fnr J^SSSP^ ' ' SULO PterU » Cocktail, - ah kinc S> : This' magnificent 4-piece mrhogany bedroom suit, solid mahogany.
,l ir it ' ¦* • • > x f.mily size and the mual^ ¦•' .Sweet .Wines- Angelica, Muscat, ,62 «o so"d m a ho E any bedroom »uit :.- '# 175.00' fnm"eVI oak bedroom ml $131.25 J 1 60.00 all brass beds .... . $120.00
J^ WOrth 7^C th? pair, SIZeS 6 tO «c=l.ent quality, lb. . #JC Madeira, Tokey, reg. $1.50, J ° " S27I.85 Jioo.oo' mahogany, d esser . . . S75.OO Si 10.00 brass beds . ..... . S82.5O
X • 11* AlondlV OnlV for * OtfO Sardine* -Bezler'. bonele-*, tin ., »r«i>!, g<)lon . . . . 95C $355.00" bi'rdisye marie beJroom .sut . . $ 1 3°-°° mahogany dr«ier . .. $97. SO $7S-oo bra» bed, . .... SS6.25
If AX, mUHUiy UUiy, lUi ...•••. ¦w-«^w ...;-.. . .18O F^ ; Champion Wai key-Sp;ciaI, gal- - 3 ; '...-. ' ' ' $263.25 $95,00 mahogany dre»« : . . .371.25 *i*o,oo bra«i twm bed. S9O.OO
»T i _ YclJowcros Coffee- Our reg. 30c ¦ Jpn . $2.40 5255.00 twin bed, n»ho gi nv s-t $191.25 ?7>-> golden oak drejser. . . $54.40 5'-oo.oo bra« twin beds . . . S15OMO
t Sate MuSiC EaStman MochaandJava, pi cka g e2JO CaLfjrnu Grape Brandy- Specal, .4,4.50 mahogar.v bedroom 'suits $310.90 *37-5° dressing table .$28.15 5l6 S .oo mahopnj^ davenport. "SI23.75
i ' «/ \ VWX *R HI* BtnHab* J' mi ind J= !1 — H^-made, j,, galon $2.40 . 5 T 3 ;.ooHung E ar-una<h be drdom fuf. $50.00 m.hoganydre.ing table . f 37.50 J 9i . 50 mahogany davenport ... $69.40
J- Stand 4-3 C 9C**UU nOUanS . . .15 O Sweet , Cider — Mote's, genuine, J $97.50 .£85.00 mahogany dressing table .$63.75 $233.50 V ernis Martin cabinet . 5175.15
6 l. n^d iJon in umbrella " $5.65 Soap-Ivory or Quern Lily, two 1 « al^ •••-•••-• 38C fi^/jo'bir^cve maple bedroom' «uit ..- $62. 50 birdseje maple >r»;ihg table". -. ¦. , • $115.00 .'-Vensii Martin cabinet :. $86.23
K Japanned iron, m .umbrella N J _ Tr^ £ n / ¦ >., '\ Rt * : Extra Table Caret — Gal. . 40O ¦ * ¦' - \*fr«»«'7 ¦•.¦..."..'.. .". r . . 1 106.00 Haa chair, Spam«h leathers 79.5O
J- form, .Olid leg,, regu- T^ N .°' 2 a A e 7«V;^ Sou£ Mickere'l-TW :-JSS ' ' ' : " "¦¦'"¦ - " —' • ' ' ' ¦ ' ' ¦'¦" ' S1C6 '° 3 -> 10 V.oo m.hoganT:cbilfon«'. .*75.t/a $ 2 *o.oo j pece parlor «it $165.00
I Urly here 58^ each; of the most popular of S^SkinS?' / A - : .v " . ISoloo grfdinjiak chiffbni:r.^^t*-^ »" s^ 'f or '?L *"• Sff-fS
8 mL»o B Iv o _ the Cartridge system; ca- p ac kaee 2Oc *V j%* flt^ - |ia S .do mahogkny chiffons . $93.75 j 7 «-5» ""^P 0 ? house desk .. $53.65
I M0fldiy ° nl) - * 3C pack/,* picture,. 3^x Cutter 70o AT / ,* ™?°™*W^
J Hamilton Music Stands, lull . 3^ inches; it hai a Me- Gin-Coats' P.ymouth, bot. 89B* tk^J^JPf^?f^/^i/^/'/l/J^' /Jtsoloo^yx^i br^btd ..$187.50 * *»• 00 Antwerp oak house desk . $21. OO
% - nickel plated, no thumb niscn's achromatic lens whIlke y— Maryland Ciub, pure M £ 4L*^L^ M mJW&K/ I-'W'&wZmIL '" These are but a few of themdny reduced pieces, which i7tclude all
JL screws, regularly}* 1.65, with mixed fbcu,; begin- ScS^WWsl^^Wiliiarn^WiU ¦¦¦Illllllll"''" 1 " " .oflour/haiid-cwed^italw^
V , Monday. . . ,$1.23 ning Monday.. $5,65 u »™. bottle 9 ) O \W000* W{ AMERICA'S grandest store tables, bookcases, dining-room furniture, etc.
*> f ' ' ' / ¦'¦¦¦-:¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦ "•¦•¦•¦' ¦¦¦¦••¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦.:-•. " '¦ ¦¦¦¦ * .-¦.-.--.- .,-¦¦:• ¦>¦*.- -¦•:-- ¦ --v » .*.¦•¦¦
ADVEKTISOIEXTS.
CONSTIPATION
"Twrtr alo« r*»n I a«ff«red with etironif eoo' ¦
¦tiiiktioo and dorint thlt tlm« I b»d to take aa
I b joctton «t wans water cure e»*rr « koor» b»for»
( <•»*« h«*» •¦ »cttc«i on mr bowel*. Happily |
irted Ca*eareta. an4 today I aaawrll tr»n.
Ourtac U>« ••»• Tfar* b-for« -t iiwl Cutimi I
• aff»r*4 «ot«Id oiUrry wttb Intrraal pll«t. Thanka
*M )«• 4 am Irf Inn all that thj« morn in*. Toa
ea« a»« t«U la kebaJf of «nffetinc bamanltr."
B. r. H*ltr. Koaooi*, IU.
Best For
CJJtor CATrvjrnc '
¦___¦¦¦ •^tC^^^^
Plaaaaa*. rmlatabic. Potent. Taat* Good . Do O<*>4
S««r Stekeo, w»»k«o or Grip«. Me. 2S«. Me. Mem
•old la tin Ik. Tb« rn«ln« tablet iicmped CCtt
euii»Ue<) to cur* or >our moa^r back.
Sterttog Remedy Co/, Cbicacb er N.Y. 603
AI8U At SALE, TEH K1LLJ0N BOXES '.{ The service of another. Is ' a"; sovereign
cure Ifor'ourJownJsorrow. : ->'V. "'••"•'::
A8X 5EW5DEALEES for*The Pilgrim
Masazlr ft f or November. You can't miss it."
• The right hand and forearm of Pet
er Ryrie, 1 0 3 S '; Howard street, were
badly scalded ; yesterday, by boiling
fat. ; Byrie'a \ daughter ~ was • trying to'
remove a tin of fat "v from i the stove
and her father, went to her. assistance.
The' tin tipped , to one side j'. spilling the
boiling ¦ liquid over.' his ¦ hand.' The* in
jured member' was treated ¦ at the
Emergency < Hospital by Dr. - Kincich.
Scalded by Boiling Fat.
: ' ~A. E. ¦ Swain, who; was \ arrested on
Friday , night ; byj Detectives ' O'Dea arid
Mulcahy " for ;> stealing; -j silver ; knives,
forks,* and 'spoons^ valued at more than
$200 'from' Brittain "& Co., jewelers.
120 Geary^ street, where' he" was em
ployed, • made*" a full , confession .- yes
terday. ¦ ? He ' was* brought 'here from
Seattle 'by the firm July,' as he: is
"ariv" expert He soon
learned ** that* the : firm f ;dld -j not check
i'iipTthe silver ; kriiyes,'- forks farid^spoons
InTstock i every \<week" with"5 the pother
sto^ck.; He at ioricV began" stealing ar
ticles and pawning; theiri.V The r detec
tlves 'worked' 'on ;- the" casei for more
• tKanVa 1 ; month ibefore? theyj succeeded
in tra'cirier the ; thief .V. Swairi* has 1 , a' wife
an<l^ fariailyX iri He [^ will >i be
charged ; wlth' grand ; larceny.' ' ' :
Swain Makes Confession.
Mrs. J. E. Waterman of 1254 Eddy
Etreet Invoked the aid of the police
at the City Hall station yesterday to
recover a gold watch, which she said
had been stolen from, her residence.
According to her .'account she was
cleaning the watch with other pieces
of Jewelry in her bedroom when two
peddlers rang the front doorbell. She
went to open the door 'and' while ab
sent some person entered the room
and . carried the watch away. Mrs.
Waterman occupies the^ upper flat,
containing, eight . rooms, . five : of which
Vshe lets , to roomers. ', Policeman E. D. j
Schmidt was, detailed on the case, but
failed to find any clew. to. the thief. ,
¦ Mrs. Waterman suspects one of her
roomers, but declined- to make a for
mal charge.
Says Her Watch Was Stolen.
the members are greater than the con
stitution."
Donnelly then hastened to prepare
his- Japanese exclusion resolution. : ¦>•
Louis Engen, 126 Hawthorne street,
was hit on the head by a falling brick
yesterday while at work on a building
at, Stockton and Geary .streets. The
brick, which; fell ,&< distance of fifty
feet, rendered Engen unconscious.; He
was ; treated at" the Emergency; Hos
"pital.for concussion of the brain and a
possible fracture of; the. skull.
Hit on t he Head.
"I am sure, however," Donnelly said,
"that the members" of the union would
not consent to receiving Japanese and
CHICAGO, Oct. 29.— The invasion of
the American industrial field by Jap
anese laborers is feared by President
Michael Donnelly of the Butcher Work
men s Union. To head off the Japanese
Donnelly will introduce a resolution at
the convention of the American Feder
ation of Labor in San Francisco next
month calling for the enactment of
legislation excluding them f ram the
United States.
The matter was brought to Donnel
ly's attention by a call made on him by
K. Okajima, a Japanese who was seek
ing information regarding conditions
in the packing plants. Okajima showed
letters of introduction v to'- the packers,
recommending him as the proper per
son to furnish them with Japanese
labor. He said that he had been told
the employers In Chicago could give
work to 500 or 600 men of his national
ity. Pursuing his inquiries, Okajima
asked if. Japanese would be admitted
to the Butcher Workmen's Union. Don
nelly showed the constitution' of the
labor organization, which contains
nothing operating against the* foreign
ers.
'An answer to the suit of the Cfes
cent Feather. Company for an injunc
tion - preventing the United Upholster
ers' Union Local \ No. „ 28 from con
tinuing an alleged boycott was filed
?yesterday" by W. H. Hutton, attorney
for the union, 'which denies all the al
legations excepting the. issuance and
circulation of circulars requesting cus
tomers to withdraw "their patronage
from the firm. " This,, it is said, was
not done by the union,, but by B. Ro
senthal on his own responsibility.
As a separate defense the union
saya that its members had been work
ing for the company under ' an implied
agreement r that eight j hours should
constitute ' a day's work and the men
should :. be ' paid . price and . a half for
overtime, Sundays and. holidays. On
October 1, it is alleged, ; five of the
men were notified v to come to work the
next day, 'Sunday, and ; toldithat. they
would not receive .extra^ pay, and that
If 'they; did not want to work under
that arrangement they , need not re
turn^ on. Monday. On ."October 3 the
president '¦} of the company, Leonard
McRoskey, . is r said "to «have told" the
union "'> members that they would have
to 7. work ' ten hours a ' day. at 'the 'old
pricey or quit. ; Rosenthal, the -union
representative, asked him to .withhold
the order " until ' the .union could j meet,*
:but : the next day McRoskey is said to
have , insisted , that^the : men work nine
houfs : and .' Sundays , arid \ holidays at
pay; ; Ohthis account the
slxiunlon'tmeri^dult.;' ' '- v •
; ,'VThe answer is supported by . the af
fldavits of 'the slx^. union : men that
there was 'no • picketing, and that the
only .{violence '. seen was when McRos
key; struck. "oneV.Hanson on the- nose
without provocation. ¦
Say'. That" Mattress Concern Sought to
Compel Union; Men to Work
Longer Hours. >
UPHOLSTERERS ANSWER
SUIT FOlt INJUNCTION
President of Chicago Labor
.Union* Would Keep Out the
Little Brown Laborers
The first musical afternoon of the
Twentieth Century Club for this sea
son was given yesterday afternoon at
Century Hall. A delightful and varied
programme was provided and delight
fully rendered throughout. Mrs.
Gwynn and Miss Heng^tler gave the
Corelli sonata in Q minor, the piano
forte part -constructed upon the
original ground bass by Henry Holmes.
The conception and rendering were
in charming i-ympathy with the
spirit of the composer, and Mr. Holmes"
accompaniment In excellent keeping.
Miss Caroline Little followed with the
Beethoven Bong cycle "An Die Feme
Gellebte." Miss L'ttle has rarely sung
so well. It was thoroughly sympa
thetic in reading and handling.
Bach (prelude and fugue, C sharp
minor,) and Brahms (intermezzo op.
117) were chosen for exploitation by
Mrs. Alice Bacon Washington and read
in sincere and intelligent fashion. Ad
mirably musical were Mr. Alfred Cogs
well's contributions that followed, the
Schubert "WohinV— a. thought slow,
however, and the "Ungeduld" and the
Beethoven "Ich Lie be Dich." The fa
mous group of Scotch songs . by
Beethoven, given most engagingly by
Mrs. Richard Bavne, closed the pro
gramme — "The Lovely Lass of In
verness," "Bonnie Laddie, Highland
Laddie," "Oh, Thou Art the Lad of
My Heart, Willie," and "Faithful
Johnnie." The songs were given as
originally written, with violin and cello
bbligsto, with Miss Vassault, Mrs.
Gwynn and Miss Puhrer accompany
ing. And it is not often that one hears
better ballad singing.
A wedding surrounded with quiet
simplicity, but one .of much social im
portance, was that of Miss Emma Mof
fatt and Dr. Alfred Laughlin, which
took place last evening at the Moffatt
home. The bride, who is, well known
and an attractive maid, Is a graduate
of the University of California. Though
relatives only were -present, the home
was extensively decorated and present
ed _an artistic appearance. The bride,
exquisitely gowned, in: white samite,
was unusually winsome in her bridal
robes, the soft folds and dainty veil
emphasizing her beauty. She carried
Marie Louise violets. Without attend
ants of any order, the ceremony was
impressively performed by the Rev.
Bradford Leavitt, and after the serving
of the wedding supper. Dr. and Mrs.
Laughlin departed Immediately for
their wedding, trip. They will- live 'in
their- own home, -which Dr. Laughlin
has just completed. . >-\ •
Submarine Defenses Costlj.
WASHINGTON. . Oct. 29. — It has
been represented to the general staff
of the army that It will require an ex
penditure o£ {3,819,420 to place the sub
marine defenses of the United States
In a state of efficiency. This estimate,
is made by the torpedo board which
recently met at Fort Totten, N. . Y.
Delaware may be classed more accu
rately as one of the dubious States.
LIND, Wash., Oct. 29. — Northern
Pacific passenger train No. 2, east
bound, was wrecked about two miles
west of Lind, at 9:30 o'clock this
morning. Every car in the train ex
cept one sleeper and the observation
car was thrown from the track and
piled up. The wreck was caused, so
a section hand stated, by some new
v/ork that the section men had Just
done. It was not properly tamped and
the rails spread. Rails and ties were
torn up for '100 yards. Fortunate
ly, no one was killed, although some
are badly injured.
The local pKVsicians were on the
gTound at once. Passengers are be
ing: cared for here by the . railroad
company. The. injured:
John Workkla, lWadena, v Minn., ln-
FEARS INVASION
OF JAPANESE
FIRST MUSICAL
OF TWENTIETH
CENTURY CLUB
WEDDING
IN THE SMART
SOCIETY WORLD
Speaking of champagnes. ' oar New
York correspondent writes that the pre
dominance of Moet & Chandon White
Seal at all fashionable functions at New
port. Saratoga and other watering places
is remarkable. The present vintage ap
pears to have caught the taste of the
bon vivant. it being pronounced not too
sweet, but medium dry, of an exquisite
bouquet, and is said to agree best with
a constitution* taxed to the utmost by a
strenuous society life. — The Caterer.
Fashion in Champagne.
Northern Pacific Passenger.
, Train, East Bound, Ditched
Near Town in Washington
TWELVE HURT
IN RAIL WRECK
jured about the head; C. D. Marco",-
Black Diamond, Wash., seriously; -
William H. Maxwell, porter tourist
car, slightly; cook In dining ' car,
slightly; Picola FioVillo, Seattle, head
hurt, leg bruised; J. J. Flood, North-,,
west Territory, hurt internally; George
Bloom, Ackley, Minn., knee hurt;
James Arnold, Willows. Cal., hip hurt;'
Mrs. George Bowles, Broadway, Ncnr,
York, knee hurt; three section men>X
George Meyer, Dr. J. F. Ppheim, Dr.
W. "A. Harvey, Dr. A. L. Cunningham,
Oakland; Dr. J. I. Stephen, Dr. Frank
A. Schmitz, Martin W. Fleming", Dr.
H. G. Plymire, Dr. J. V. Hughes, Dr.
J. W. Ward. Dr. H. Cummlngs, Angel
Island; Dr., William Simpson, San Jose;
W/ I.' Fole>% Los Angeles; Dr. Martin
Regensburger, Dr. E. .von. Adelung,
Oakland; Dr. Arthur H.: Mays, Sausa
lito; Dri S.B.S Davis. Stockton; Dr. N.
K. Foster, Sacramento; Dr. W. M.
Dickie, Dr. Donald Currie, E. K. John
son. \ San Jose ; Captain J. .W. i Ho well,
Napa; E. A. Kelly, Agnew; -William
A. Whitlock, Merced: J.H. Aiken,
Fresno; O. Stanbury, Chlco;. Dr. Ru
pert Blue, Nathaniel; Green', Dr.' W. E.
Barry, Santa' Barbara; Dr. R. Wilbur,
Stanford University; Dry W. S. Fowler,
Bakersneld; W. F. Snow/Stanford Uni
versity; Dr. Lawhead, Woodland;, Dr.
J. M. WilliamEon.
Among those present were: Mayor
E. E. Schmitz, Dr. W. C. Haesler, Dr.
F. G. Carney, Dr. A. C. Bothe, Louis
Levy/Eugene .Beauce, F.* G. • Dyer,
An interesting feature of the pro
ceedings was the exhibition of samples
of diseased meats of all kinds, which
were explained in detail by Chief In
specting Physician .Hassler. :
¦ In the evening the-delegates were the
guests of Dr. James Ward, president of.
the local Board of Health, at a' ban-"
quet in the marble room of the Palace
Hotel. Dr. Ward read a paper on "Ser
vice in ,the Laboratories in Municipal
Health Boards." Dr. Ward said" in
part:- . -.'¦. . ' ¦ ~
"In fulfilling the best interests of the
community the laboratory^ work must
be one to meet the demands; of -the
city's best general welfare. At the
same time j there should be a , strong
link directing the attention of the gen
eral practitioners, to its* value and to
my" mind ' it should , have '< a •: "strong, up
lifting influence toward'the profession's
dignity and development. '.A laboratory
must ,l}e/ more a Vi place of mere
service to : the "community.^ It' should
extend its. work. along :ilnes^ of investi
gation that will strengthen the respect
of a health I. cird and draw admiration
of the profession, which it should Justly
represent. The commonwealth may
underestimate or misjudge your work,
but your peers, know where to place
you." . -
¦ THOSE IN ATTEXDAXCE.
"The wave of reform in this produc
tion, the care and handling of milk, has
Bwept v over the entire Union. Begin
ning- on the Atlantic seaboard of our
shores it has reached the Pacific and I
am proud £o say California has been
inur.dated with the knowledge that is
necessary to safeguard this valuable
food product from the time it leaves
the" cow until it reaches the lips of the
consumer."
Discussion followed the reading of
each paper, \in which all the -delegates
took part. Re^rring to the question
of pure milk, Dr. Ragan said in his
paper: ;¦.,-. :
PURE MILK DISCUSSED.
The third session of the California
Public Health 'Association was: held
yesterday in the assembly room to the
Board of Health at the City Hall. The
session was presided over by Dr. Le
moyne Wills of Los Angeles. Dr. N. K.
Foster of Sacramento was secretary,
assisted by Deputy Health Officer Louis
Levy. There were fifty delegates In at
tendance. The following; programme
was carried out: ?T - ¦¦
Report of committee on constitution
and .by-laws; "Sanitary Legislation,".
W. I. Foley/ Los -Angeles; "Prevention
of Typhoid Fever," Dr. George F. Reln
hardt, Berkeley;: "Travel .Observa
tions," Dr., R.'L/ Wilbur, Stanford;
"State Hospital Sanitation," Dr. Kelly,
Agnew;' ! "Medical Inspection of
Schools," Dr. : Edward von Adelung,
Oakland; "Milk,".Dr. D. F. Ragan, San
Francisco; "Flies as "Carriers of Con
tagion," Dr. G. F. Alken, Fresno.
Delegates Are Guests of
Dr. James W. Ward at Fine
Banquet in the Evening
MEDICAL PAPERS READ
The California Association
Holds Its: Annual Session
in Eoonis of Local Board
HEALTH TOPICS
ARE DISCUSSED
THE ;SAN VFRANGISCO V; GALL, "-SUNDAY, ¦ OGTOBER j30r ' ; 1904.
30
Newbr o ' s He r p i c i d e
. ._ • : - ',;• The Original Btmedy that "Kills the Dandruff Oerm."
THE HUNTERS CAME TOO LATEt
Their Faithful So? has polated out tha True B«mady to Prevent Baldness.
hut' the Hunters cam* too late— Chronic Baldnasi la Incurable.
. HERPICIDE A "HAIR-SAVER " Newbro's Hcrpicide is a Twentieth Century Reme-
1 dy.. Its mission is to teach new rules for scalp clean-
l\ Newbro's Herpicide saves the, hair by destroying ii ncss new rules for hair preservation and to supply
the germ or microbe Jhat is now known to be the m destroy ing solution that will enable careful
cause of dandruff, falling hair and baldness. In chron- & , v *:r;.i ~~a iifriirwnt Kair Almost
ic- baldness the hair follicles are completely atro- P erson , 3 to have beautiful and Iuxuri f n^ ha * r ;.j; lm a O n^
; phied, causing the scalp to shrink and shine; little marvelous results follow the use of Herpictde, and
can be done in such cases except to save the remain- if it does not do more than we clatm for it, your
ing "fringe," and this is well worth saving, for, it dealer will refund your m purchase price. As, a- hair
offers some protection against the cold. dressing it is truly exquisite, on account of »ts dainty
The "Hair Grower" is a fallacy. It requires but a and refreshing odor, which is characteristic. It .con-
slight knowledge of Anatomy to know that the hair tains no oil, grease or sedimentary substance, neither
gets its life and strength from the hair-papilla at the does it stain nor dye the hair,
bottom of the 'lair follicle, and the papilla in turn Stops itching of the scalp 'almost instantly.
gets its nourishment direct from the blood: there-
fore nature Js rhe^ only true hair grower. There are Customers Prefer It to All Others.
enemiesof.hair growth that cause hair loss and bald- :«. ._ -v , ,' . ., .
. ness. Invisible microbic growths enter the sebaceous I have been using Newbros Herpicide in my
glands, situated at the top of the hair follicles (Dr. barber shop for the past three months" and I can speak
Sabouraud of Paris says the microbe usually enters of il in tn e highest terms. My customers prefer it to
the scalp in youth), where one colony after another an y othe r preparation for the hair.^
is established, until finally, after months and some- Portland, Or e. (Signed) HERMAN LIETZ.
times : years, :thefe is dandruff, itching scalp and falling « T ¦» . " • • a. >
A - hair. The Sebum also solidifies, caus- Never Had a Complaint.
1 ' 5 -AJ ing dry> IustreIe5s and brittle hair. "We have never had a complaint PjSa^J
-K JlB^JP^ Destroy this microbic growth with that Herpicide did not cure dandruff Iwfftr/ /A
$&fea^'*$t^ Newbro's Herpicide and protect the and falling hair. .. vfrslrfrul/P
«ll«iSiOii hair a S ainst reinfection and it will (Signed) S. D. SKIDMORE & CO. t$M\W$&fn
w4'P'|i¥^ grow as nature intended. Portland, Ore. x ¦(jtf&ffi^l / \
-fllipl AT LEADING DRUQ .STORES
HUPP Or Sent Pre P a »d from DETROIT, MICH., f/
T^&fWwsr Send 10 CtS ' '" Stamps f<r sam rle to The Herpicide Co.. Dept. I*. Detroit, Mich. 'i^^^^T
"DESTROY THE CAUSE— YOU REMOVE THE EFFECT." "**&&*'
A Healthy Hair. . - . .¦''-¦ ¦ . ; ' An TTnh«»lthy Hair.
We have transformed our entire ground floor --15,000
square feet-rinto'a\yeritable Rug^Bazaar. • This is; the
largest space devoted exclusively to - Rugs one the Coast. ?
Our atobk is more bomprehensive and splendid than ever,
einbraoing; all weaves.' The;latest arrivals in Orientals
inolude splendid specimens of RoyartabHz, Silkyl Khoras
sans and Antique Bokharas well worth ah early inspection.
¦;F^BNlTUnE-CARPETSiRUOS-bBAPEWM':'
M 4r - 1 2. 2 P O^T »SXi; S;K
ADVERTISEMENTS. '..']'¦ : :X
What Sulphur Does
For the , Human Body in Health and
Disease. •
The mention of sulphur will recall to
many of us tha early days when our.
mothers and grandmothers gave iis
bur, dailj£ dose of sulphur and molasses
every spring . and ' fall. "
It ,was ( the universal spring and fall
/'blood, purifier,'' tonic and cure-all,
and mind you, this :old-f ashloned ! rem-
edy was not' without merit.' '
- The idea was good but the remedy
was crude and unpalatable, and a large
'quantity- had . to be taken to get any
effect. ¦¦- •;•.,* ¦ ¦¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦';.; ¦'¦ ¦ •. ..-•:-;•;¦
¦Nowadays we get all;, the beneficial
effects of ' sulphur in : a palatable.;; con-
centrated form,:' so that a single grain
Is 1 far more effective than' a tablespoon-
*fuK of, the 'crude sulphur. " . : -'..
; : - In recent years research and experi-
ment have proven 1 that the best sulphur
for medicinal use is that obtained from
; Calcium \ (Calcium : Sulphide) '> and : ; sold
in S drug ; stores : . under [ the , j name * of
Stuart's Calcium .Wafers, i They -t are
small chocolate coated pellets and ' con-
tain ' the : active : medicinal principle . of
sulphur. In a v . highly .concentrated,, ef-
fective form. -• ;X
. Few : people are aware of the value
this , form of sulphur in restoring" and
maintaining « bodily vigor ; and ; health ; \
sulphur acts directly -on; the fllveriand
excretory organs, and purifies and en-
riches , the blood by^the prompt^ elimin-
ation of waste' material.; '
vOur.^ grandmothers^knew j.when
they dosed us with sulphur, and , molas-
ses every spring and fall,; but the cru-
dity and impurity of ordinary flowers of
sulphur, 1 were ¦ of ten '.worse than - the dis- ;
, ease,' 5 ' and »t cannot .^compare iwith - ; the
modern" concentrated -preparations ¦ .ot
: sClphur, 1 Vof which •<¦ Stuart's Calcium
wafers, are undoubtedly- the best :'and
mostl wldely ; used.'?. „ r >-¦ :.'¦ .
i iThey i are the " natural I antidote £ for
liver arid kidney-troubles and cure con-'
stipation and purify the blood in a way
that often surprises patient and physi-
cian alike. '""¦ ...""¦ .¦¦-¦.-".:-'••--::.-; ¦• ' h ''->V^
Dr. It. ; M. ' Wilkins while ¦ experimerit-
ingiwith' sulphur, remedies soon If ound
that the sulphur from Calcium was su-
perior to F any:- other/ f orm.'' » ; . He J says :[¦
"For > liver, "; kidney; and ;. blood 0 troubles,
especially when resulting- from consti-
pation .? or"' malaria,^ I * have .< been sur-
prised' at »the ; results ¦':¦ obtained T^ from
Stuart's' Cal clum'jWaferfl.^ In j patients
suffering i from I boils 1 and \ pimples | and
. even deep-seated' carbuncles,' X | have re-
; peatedly.; seen .them C dry;; up ; and \ disap-
pear,.: in ' four, or '. five ' days,- leaving - the
skin f > clear ijandli smooth. ;j jJAlthough
Stuart's i Calcium y t Waf er« ? is * a * proprie-
tary • article I and I sold ! ; by and
for l that reason | tabooed by many phy-
sicians,* yet 1 1 i know J of » nothing, so '= safe
and . reliable j f or^ constipation,*! liver -and
kidney ; troubles % and^ especially t in all
forms of ekln disease as thi3 ; remedy."
t " AtTariy, rate! people' who,' areltired! of
pills, 1 * cathartics % and ;i so-called K ' blood
-will ; find i Int Stuart's^ Cal-
cium'j Wafers i a.tta.r'j safer.'imore | pala":
¦table 1 and i effective, preparation. -'.-:.:'¦: \
The<Storeion the Square Is San . J^fi /fjlt^^^ Francisco's greatest bargain
center. If economy Is . any object If fe^ you will trade here. Good
goods, low prices and liberal credit s£CS|?**^^"*~ are the keys which have opened
the doors to success. Two short * years have placed us in the ;
front rank of 'San Francisco's business enterprise. The third year opens with the . same
low prices, a larger stockand even more liberal policy than before. If you are interested
in home furnishing, if you are tired of boarding, if you want a home of your own, call and
let us explain our credit system. It means that you may have the use of the goods while
you are paying for them; have them at low prices and no interest. . % .' .'" .•.•.•.•.•
Your Credit* Is Good on the Square. Nuf-Ced.
1^ ("^^^tZ^^ _ Three- Piece Bedroom Suit. Quarter-sawed oak, golden *""~" .— ¦
>—— finish. Wood beautifully flaked. Dresser, has full swell
CHUTONXEKr— ¦ front, panel side*. Frame of mirror is counterjjrained of " ; -."K
Mrrh T Sriii veneer. A credit to any home. Price.... ffi^CC china cioset
birch. A ¦wood J . nl // t^ Solid oak irnlrt.
that Is becoming • •JJlLif •\J%J ¦ bona oaK . GOia-
more popular each __, ...^ mmm m^ _^ mmt mmmm^ _^ .^^ — €n "ilsn. Full
day. Full serpen- , swell sides. French
fer$26 r .75 ¦ vAKr Hr l-'d ™H"$'i8.50
ECONOMY SALESROOM I An unprecedented display of ex- DRAPERIES
A boon to those who are in ClUSlVe design?. CVery Worthy French Brocade. Satin Dam-
search of odd pieces to complete L^_-,;"-'v, _^- . , D , ,,;,. ask and Wool and Silk Tapestry,
the furnishing of the home. maKe represented. KOyal WlltOn?, Rich in color, effective in de-
Here you will find Dressers. r J ' sigh. Suitable for hanging as
Chiffoniers, Folding Beds, Metal Axmin^tPrS Rodv Rni^^Pl^ T^nP«;- wel1 as draperies and wall pan-
Beds. Dining Tables, Odd Chairs. ttAUUllMtrib, DUUV DIUbbGl^, Idpeb els. Choice selection of Lace
Sideboards, in fact, articles from x_ Rrnccplc Inar^in CJnH Pihi'A Curtains, Portieres. Couch and
each department of the great II y DlUSSeib, ingrain ana rlDie Table Covers. This department
store, which, though odd pieces, r~* ,, , , . is in the hnndq of ,.vnprt< -who
are new and thoroughly depend- CarpetS, aS Well aS £1 ChdCe Selection are thorough^ cSmpefent : tolid-
able - U _/ a . Ve .! r .° m ,, OI16^ OUrth £ I- i *j /-\-i s^> xi vise you. You are welcome to
to one-third in this department. Ql Linoleum and Oil Cloth. consult them at all times. Allow
Is it worth investigating? us to figure on your work.
. . ¦ . .ffi VERllSEMEyTS.
i f% j • § i
I Select $50.00 worth of Furniture. Pay I
1 $ 1 .00 down and $ 1 .00 per week. Yon may buy 1
either one piece or one dozen pieces— the terms are I
the same; but. remember this offer holds good for I
this week only. You need not have the goods de- I
livered at once, but let us take your order while I
the sale lasts. We want 500 NEW ACCOUNTS I
this week, and we propose to get* them. I
wt - ' ¦—-¦-• ¦ \\ - -
.AVB^V^rSfJL IMJ50 HO COO CD ' • /£f^\
Dr8 3 lngTaIslB """^' : " WfM,
*E35^*5*2^rgf fcred— auarter- finish; oval |^i^r|tV'i5T
\K322? Tj Ji«e fiS^ mirrof J oal r pSf^^j
only $32.50. -
IT BRILLIANT mm zi co, |' Statistics;; of the ; production ; of oil
inKCaliforiila^ during 3 the year ? 1903
show that 23,602,000 from
12900 1 wells, ; reached ; the surf ace/, which
signified the displacement of ?;«,000»
flOOUonsjof'cbaL; "• ,:
* The . 'California Gas Electric
Corporation* gave a banquet to its em
ployes at a^ local restaurant on Thurs
day evening as ; a compliment to the
transmission department, which has
control of JtHe ]power : plants. . In addi
tion j to : the \6fflcerV of j ttie^corporatijbn
the \ I following/ invited V. guests ".were
present: -William^ H."! Crocker, Garret
W. McEnerey,|Louls . Slosjsi. < . The total
numberi present iwas' fifty-one- ; Toasts
were proposed and responded \ to byj E.
J.Vde Salba\ Jr.'," : president; John Mar
tin, vice president ; ; F. . G.; Baum.itrana
mJesioh} engineer ; ; E. *C. ' Jones,'? gas; eh-.
gineer;Cc.\W.^Huttoh;^electHcairengir
neer ; F^A.y RossV; superiritendeht % of
the Sacramento J diviglon ; ;'Garret Me-
Ene'rney/ Leon ""loss,'-N. c ; D. Rideout, D,
Decker/manager of fhe Santa-Rosa/ dl^
¦ arid ¦ C.;.W.* Waller,; commercial
agent'.; \X\ -V. ". '¦'. , : - -' % : ¦'-.¦•¦' I'T'"
Gas Company Gives ; Banquet.'
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— An in
quiry ; now being /conducted '-'.- by In
spector. Dunn of the immigration serf
vice into s the Question of th«
fourteen geisha^, girls taken to the St.'
Louis'* Exposition : toy work in ,f biw ; of
the . there.-'are" s violators .' of
theC alien" contract' labor 1 law held
byithe ; Department r of Commerce r ahd
Labor to' be'a; Judicial ; process and
merely ' an ; 'investigation V by^ the in
gpector.': Inspector:Duringhas)beeniiri
f ornied \ the -^department { * officials
that the have ;a^rightUo be-rep
resented .; by counsel «fan* s that 'i lnTes"-
BeritialTres'pects Cthe'cinyestigition ¦ be
ing ; made: is'fa" judicial 1 process. *
Japanese v Maidehg ¦'• on - Trial at St.
Louis for Violating Alien Con T
tract Labor : Law.
.D. F. Keefe of the. Mutual Biscuit
Company, 610 Battery street," secured a
warrant . f rom ; Police ; Judge J Fritz | yes
terday/ f pr ':. the ; arrest 1 1 of ' John ) H.
O'Brien'i on ¦ a charge - of ; misderneanor
embezzlement.^^ The : amount alleged
the":: complaint .is ; .$22, ; but>:it "is ; Bald
the total will 'reach 'about $300." ; O'Brien
was 'employed ?asj collector; in 7 interior
towns and; cities. He. was '• in ; Sacra
mento on ' Friday ' tOj collect i$54^ from a
customer, 5 but the customer was warned
in -.tima' not' to, pay him.'
; ; P^' F.-j Ferguson^) manager. of . the Metf.
ropolitan Laundry Company.^swofe'out
a\ warrant _ from \ Police J Judge* Fritz ; for
the" arrest -of (Henry/ E.^Newsom'e^on'Ja
chajge. of misdeameanor embezzlement?
Newsome 'ywa.s .< employed as ?{a?i driver.
arid 'collector ? f or^thercarnpany : and *it"
wasdiscoveredTon^Fridayjthatihe^had
raised a. bill : of " Dr: r Georgei H.1* Juilly, 4
997-Market. street/ from"! $13; 60" to J1765,
One Is Short in His Accounts and An
other Raises Bills and " Pockets '
. the Difference.
E3IPLOYMENT OF. . GEISHA
"GIRLS UNDER* INVESTIGATION
which he : collected v and ' pocketed - the
difrerence7^'i Ferguson; says .".that ;New
sorhehas; been doing ; the same thing
with- many • other ibills.
WARRANTS % SWORN FOR
ARREST OF COLLECTORS
: Stealing a pet; dog, is not the only J
kind ; of: petty \- larceny. '.' I
¦ ¦ ' ' . i .
I "When even a church haa a nave we
' never know whom to trust.
STABLESIEN'S UNION
WANTS ORDER MODIFIED
' It ; Is set forth that the restraining
ord«r, is 'indefinite, in that it does not
tell what specific acts of interference
are enjoined,' that the word "picket-;
ing" is indefinite and. that it cannot be
told .whether the order enjoins the
expression of : the opinions of- the; def
fendants that the' plaintiff is acting un
fairly in reducing wages.
: Always calling names-rthe train an
nouncer. : = ; . ; . v
. International '•;. Brothers-.- Stationary
Firemen's Union , No.> 8 6. gave ¦' its an
nual dancej at Alcazar Hall last night.
A ' big crowd was ; in '; attendance. . The
affair 'was enjoyed by all who partici
pated in) lySBfiSSBQBBBSBHH
Firemen Giro . Dance.
Claims Right to Express Opinion and
Do Injury Without Damages
to Business.
Judse Hebbard will- have. some im
portant point* to determine in regard
to the righta claimed under the law by
labor unions when he hears , the mo
tion to be made for the modification of
the temporary restraining order grant
ed in the case of Goldberg, Bowen &
Co. against the Stablemen's Union.
Notice of the .motion was flled yes
terday by Henry B. Lister, attorney f or
the union, who contends that the de
fendants have the right to interfere
•with or coerce patrons or employes in
all ways; that the law recognises as
"damnura sine - injuria," or .Injury
without damages, and under the same
construction the right to interfere with
business. It „ is . contended , also that
the unions have the right- under .the
constitution freely * to ; speak and pub
lish their opinions by banners, 17 pickets,
circulars ; or/otherwise. .
THE '; ; SAN . FRANCISCO : cM:ii,X SUNDAY^^QGTQBER -30, ; 1901.
31
RET BUNG FROM BUSINESS
Oriental Rugs and Carpets
- i 1 0 BE SOLD AT ABSOLUTE
' ¦ • ¦ ¦' '¦¦ ¦ ¦ '¦ "AT •.* r '
VUZiJlC 8c GO'S
IMPORTERS '
— — -p-230 POST STREET —
YUESD^V; NOV. 1st.
Azn> to oohtxvxts- roxrs ¦ rouowno dats <
- ;AZ 1030 A. ». ASS 3^0 P. X.
23O POST STREET
SXHIBXTZOX MOSrSAT. OCTOBEU 31 ST. 1904. "
BUY; A HOMENOW
AND BETTER YOUR FUTURE
Choice offers for your' coidsld-
eratlon W f lo-day^r! REAI/TY,
COLUMNS of THE CAIJj.
PRACERS; I PRAGERS , j PltAGERS | I PKAGERS |* PRAGiERS ; ' - 1 PRAGERSj I " PRAGERS
¦ ¦ ¦ - '- - ' ¦ ¦ -' ' '-¦¦;' " ¦ • . , . ¦ ¦ - ..- ¦-,.-¦ .-. .- . . 1. . •. •¦ ,¦ ¦ ; . ...- .-. -. ¦ , . .».¦ -.- . j s;.T ;¦' : .-¦ v*.-v:." •.-•-. '¦>¦.'-'¦.-;--.."/¦¦-¦.-¦. :•-:-' .-.:-?..»;' .¦•¦.»¦.¦>, .*:/"?*.— i,. «i/. »'s;vf ,'¦?'"• "Ki».'..-.-- 1'..-> ¦'.' i - . . . ¦ -• ¦ •. -.• ........ ,..' • :
First General Reduction on Our Millie I A : '- ':':;-y;-7:^:^;;;;r.:y':;,r GrcKei^es^ Mast Approved Style in Women's
Matchless Millinery. " c^^^i.; ' #"% and Wearing Apparel at Half the Money
This sale will probably havc more interest for shoppers than any- J (3d Floor.) /^^ M S\ B W& M mX ffl WL4& \jlGVLOV§ What need is there to pay double the money for the same styks
thing yet attempted this season, tvery woman who has visited our For This Week /sfH M k H HlH^B'^ H *X m •j~^'» w that we are offering? Our big stock is just as complete now as it was at
new, big store appreciates ilie infinite variety and wonderful styles dis- «» 'j&m few P"'4sy'' : ' : Wy& *^W^ "^y tSsV /*^8ir ' V(4th Floor). the beginning ot the season. We have been continually replacing broken
[iJaycd in our millinery department. Now v/e are o ' ffering a H lO . 11®^ ¦ 1%P^ C See Monday morn- lines and sizes. We assureall that we can give perfect satisfaction in the
/{^^7^r^^^w splendid opportunity on any M Of* Each f H . _ «.«*,«>;«, . . nm ¦ • ing's papers for great style of the garment and its -^^^ &T>^Sz>^
and vef y hat %ve have in ' KM t AlWiYS RELIABLE ' - specials in these de- 'fit. A visit here will con- >^S^V <f7%%$SlS*Z3
i ?&£&&&. W MARKET^ xfONESSTS ""— : vin " T ico AT s. W
> A F£«r of Our Relictions. »„' ALL THE SHOPPING INDU~EMENTS THAT HAVE MADE dspartment as in all other coats that are actually worth /J\ Ijv Mf\^ .'%«
sss-si5i^ -"Vsyji^ **?iliX~i2r <» j T . a Hies. ALL l rin. arUJrririv* iNu \J k-c-iviiLiN l o 1HA1 HAVi!« mAUb i»:_ - -.# »u« >«<«>« 52 7^ The colors we are n ! /<! v//j£? m\\ \r :^if3\
S^&^mS^Q * Wr $4?;°° $35.00 Imported "Gondolier,"- two-step.' '- " THIS STORE POPULAR ARE STILL HERE . ' secUons of the store. :fhowihg:theih°S " I re broWn / J U ' i I H JfG^^W®^
/%/7iimwt&9*^tW&^ A "•" /-'A' ¦ I attcrns reduced i«;Q * - — ?, W1 "«> i«c»» »» «ire u.oftu.( t \j\ il*\ 0$, «? >^v\^vl\\r^S v
IWSz&gt^fir'iSM^ indlaiyPtau'cHau'r" Raspberry Gnd Com^aS? ijaterla..; :. -;¦¦ Visit our beautiful: Art Pur. <!..«.. f o.p-Lon f taw FLANNEL WAISTS . ft" \ \ WkSM.^^f^B'|M
T W : J f §¦».¦=«» I Of* IK 5^^€3H^ W^^^ B~i^^B
l^?^iH V r&mf&M&lfti All of our big line of $14.00 JS ilfi^A ' Slipper Soles — Fleece workrooms, where orders Tooth Brnshes-Fine Imported have pleated fronts fancy K»Sj| / ' '.
?4^K;f£s^ tX ti Uitf\S#^^}eJ and Sx.voo hats— the copies "* •" **& tXi&r W lined. 12^c to 35o. are fi |j ec j yuickiy and Bleached Bristle Tooth stock collars and cuffs. There ffiraS^wSS /. . NS^v/Av'^S^/
QVi^l^iJ ai!^^'^- WOOL WAISTINGS Tb h _ »__,;,« j.nd.^ MATTED PICTURES M^yWTu^ P ' to '-- s^S?^W RS||
[lyWtVW jgg V 'S^fig^T; tnch pompons, havc been waistings produced this season. They have white cial sale" of -pictures in our main aisle. These These are new Skirts that have been \Jf tll W^&WrII
U ' (\5^/?> /;^5£/>f ' rc ? uced to i the very-; low. grounds with pretty satin stripes or polka dots in light pictures.: consist of landscapes, marines, fancy heads just received: they, are nicely pleated Ami H*C $P^%$$$ii
y^^3S - \T w '" price of....- CiH (\(\ bltic. pink, irrav, turquoise, red, black, and figures, each - one being sharp A --J'- J ;--w and kilted and made of men's fancy wear '!/ Itra'^'^lpiw^V/
J^r^^^^ Vt^^'X 031V.UU navy, preen and old rose colors. Some HP ift and dear and on extra colored mats, "B 1 ?L- Ur onior^ 11 r?^,?. 1^ «h^2 SI9 7Q rft // f^'^^i^ipiuA^
f <. eV'f/Mv' CHENILLE -HATS. have neat woven small designs; other* makiiijr a striking picture 16x20 inches in Q / /> $1.75: Stra special at. ...... t P^'»« lJ !i (l/# lfif'Hf?-r
///jrd^UjB^B^^t&K YWhl/'Zy °^ onr 5 10 - 00 an d $12.00 with woven, tucked or satin stripe effects. ~ jj^*y I 1 size. Thev were bought to sell for 35c, Eg / I . COATS A»M tP :L^'s''-iii : r T*^i\
/ f^^- ' values in hand-made vel- These waistings arc worth from 75c to %J / \& but as a special offering we have reduced AA^V Every woman who has seen these new N i^'^fv'&'f S5?i\
/- X«fc^*C?^s^» vet, maline and chenille ?i.oo a yard. Our special price the price to Coats has praised them very highly. Vv\ v^#ill!j^iif]*^a > S«tMl
4^a^£^^%^ySS» hats that were created in our own" (Main Floor) (Main Floor.) They are made of a high-grade English . \\\\»>^fj3;;fi{rr\£ iWrJ^
/t^C^^^V^""^^ workroom will be on <=dc tf«i-7 r*t\ ' Covert Cloth and can not ba duplicated \w \\,£Uf\ y^V'- *'h w-y<v^
S $%&^S&¥ cial sa!e Monday at.... $7.50 ALPACA Every woman who shared the bar- PETTICOATS We have five hundred Black %Q QS \%/S&mWmlSSSBf
ll^j!&^%'Z\ MATERIALS T7~^ T7 gal " S '", • b C , PaCa offe r cd x ! ast — Sateen "Petticoats that have They are a rare bargain at. .. •4>'»'*> M.^^W^-rV \^M*\
I SBtf' *&% Br^9o" SC " S '" ' 5COn Mle M ° n - 1 JS; ; ; "«" -'»¦« « S '^ that « Wi " /v-_ FRENCH BLOUSE SUITS. ' g|M
ji **&?£>-> • ur\. y "X' • , to-morrow all of our 52-inch black, navy \i^ ' . place on sale Monday at a big saving. 41 f™ "- ¦ These new Suits are silk-lined throughout
%»^^^ 4 wo? t h C 7|c n i'U n d' I lp e LV« St 3 9 S c had - <:d CffCC ' ; "d gr» y Alpaca. . I, it one bf the m o^ i H . ' I They ar, made of black sateen that^ha, IIW/^ " S^iSSSLS U niff.^SJr^SS i 'S
%fk »wJA^^=^»s p 0mnon /_, n f Vi, f On satistactory materials manufactured, and M i f^ - a high-grade." beautiful luster. They have *W^|I , coat is blousedallarpund; is-eollarless: has the . Xa£j2^"^
SUks and Dress Goods Wom f£5^ k?ngs Wom f£M^* wear Ne^,^ g8 Sensational Curtain Sale
(Main- Floor) • This is an imported cashmere vVomen's Vassar Collars\in entire- , These made Veils have chenille (Second Fle-rl * «
made ¦ • DRE ss coon, lllil^HlSo ll^^Bii5c Hsillili^lS SSolSii'l
A 19-inch guaranteed Black Taf- ii c •?• At this price we are offering a oeliad Monday at. •••••• • homes. .
feta silk; it has a value at >r 5^1^^"^ fo^cU"^" s tocHing. made of the finest grade im- This is a very handsome silk stock One hundred end. eighty-nine A heavily corded Arabian Cur-
o^sal^oSo?^!^ 45C SSiiil S 23C W^I^Zm. VSM l^^llSS P^i^^tt li«S|si®5 Uin that worth ? ,oo W ill :
->r-mch guaranteed black Taffeta * ' Y U has s^ liced heel and toes: QCn 'n all color^ r wU worth' soc' 7'ir : b . ro > vn ' r ! d ' "avy and pur- « variety 8 of choice patterns; rn g be marked for this
that f e ,llHng Ck JefoS . Mannish Suiting in many va- regularly worth $1.00; may. be fM^tW^W^^Si ' * yard '-" HC during this .-sale these cur- WQ o f at the low P" ce $1.05
couriers at 95c will be nr neties, in all the late combina- had Monday at..... .¦* - . •• tains will be sold at «//v or 'r
placed on special sale Mon- /If, ru nS i ?ny ° f th ese suitings look _^— -j^ • - ¦ «?^_ • ~-^~~ -a^s^ A lar K« number of the^showiest Some pretty Parlor Curtains, in
day at '^ like labnes worth double cft f^^^'^fe^^^fa^^ and most elective Scotch Lace white, ivory, ecru or (T^rA
feHi^ v r d 7 B^ k Taf - ••¦ m - o - n^:.^. p . ri "".-.-.-.:.50c v> »^^^^^^w ii^P^^^^^^^w^m &€r H j^srs r i I^S?^.: s f.:.$2.5fl
value at $1.25, will be offer- Q§Q Black Zibeline Cloth, 58 inches V <^^^^^*^W*^^^ ' L^ J <%^M, '''MM' a^ $2 "5* OSf Dotted Swiss
C Saranteed "Black "no i^^*^P^^ ECOnOltlV Offering H* XJSef III HOUSC" '^m?i$$M We havC marked them ? A fine sheer S rade oi the real
Taffeta has been reduced UXr f- v | lue ? q ". alc t °? | 3 r . fi»rftA 1»*1J I U^.:k *!Tj f\ :«4,,rL:« K?i2SI\? _ All or our $2.50 Arabian and Imported Dotted Swiss; varying
from $i. 25 to ;. row doth. -Special,- jy^ hold Utensils and D^mty China £&™£:$$£^&!l h IK from the tiny^ dots to sizes nearly
PEAU DE SOIE. French -BrolilfioJh' Jn'»il th* u <^WW (3rd Floor) " and beautiful designs, at... Vl»^W an inch in diameter. This Swis^
2n-inrh RlarW P#»an A* <Zr>;* *Vi- t«t ,«i ulu<l " uu " 1 ». 1 " a " ine . iav J~-A2T Thls department has been rather backward in getting its stock in readiness. But to make up for s^^. '-" „ . ' IS guaranteed to wash and wear
2Oincn buck mude ioie, the test colors shown this season. thls handicap some extra bargain attractions will be made from now on. Among: the following items flMfMl Burlap well anrT rmturlJ 1
rtai value ot which is 85c /f\ They cannot be dupli- r\* Mj'jSP will be found the most necessary articles about a home. The prices are absolutely the very lowest: IMiW« A ' u n 1 • it *u sens regularly 1^1
a yard; special for Mon- flUr cated anywhere at our low S\C \W» Mrs. Pott.' Sad iron 8 — A complete set of three wub Board— "Praj?er-s special"— this is an extra |Mil| 30-incn Burlap, in ail the new at 20c a yard; ous re- !/,,£
(] a v at V/V nriro UUV Wf Irons, consisting of a handle and stand: they are full large «lzo Board— Is covered with heavy zinc and is a . M^Onf Colors, X-*y 2 c a yard. duced price -»*•„•
___j / wa nickel plated and have solid too; every woman knows flrst-class board in every r^rtlcular; well IQr* ' I'lSJAPI ' ' ¦
" " " ====== == = ======^=^==ss= 11 Ifey the real worth of these irons: they are not the cheap , .worth 35c; special for Monday at ......'.;..... ,] »uv TkwEHHf v A ?? * •• - •! *'-"• »^T ' -t* ' »* ¦» "
Extraordinary Bargains in Enlarged i, ™ sfcSK. &2*s,«r,rfK£ » Attractive Specials in .Women's and
•^ C^ „" . -T^"_^^ C^^. ' l *Bi|/ *" •••••••••••••••••••••• ••••••• •• — - : ¦'"¦made into a bargain special for to-^norrow at... OO t»-.. 'imff/BP\--r . '/*1« # U > V ** TT J '
T^Amncft/^ non^HfmAM^ * 111 ''// Waih Bollen-Tliese are heavy tin Wash Boilers, Wrtaffer — This is a wood! frame Wringer that . MW&i! V^llIlClrCll S Ivlllt UnClCrWCSr
ISKJillXZOVlC JL^6Dcll 1171611 L JILL' with copptr bottoms; th«y are full size No. 8; every ,.. has a 10-ineh roll, and is considered a BDlendld .value 4&F&& - ¦ vli u ** 1 " 1 vuuvl " wm - -,- - '
r —»—¦—«•¦. rSp**^ woman knows what a bargain this is: they QCS/-» at $2.00. We will place our entire stock of C| t^Ck /^ffcT ~ m *^ ' (Main Floor)
(Main Floor) -^ cannot be had for less than «i 25^ special at "•»«*' thenVon «le to-morrow at 5>I *° U P^. , AU of out winter weight garments are now here in, unbroken variety. TI19
}-^t to give VOU an idea of the reductions that have h?«-n marie CHINA FRUIT PLATES, CUPS AND SAUCERS. iVJ?^^ winter season Is practically upon us and a little attention to warmer gar-.
throughout This department we nre<=em the follow"*- // feO These are ve^ thln - nlce Austrlan Chi " a ' w^ h dalnt >' floral decoratlona in i^^ mentS may saVe e many d T ° Uars l n doctor ' s bills later "
w.<.*4 V. ah «f P Vr iv •'• ,i ' l" " e "//&£& H Pink and green colors; the plates have gold stipple edges, and the cups gold VflffTZ^ Women'i Union Suit»— In a mixture Women'. Vests and Pants— Made of
in Vh?^,V* r,n«,Ji»^ iS? n « nf^ 1^ rge double Sheet, nrx^ %/fTvJK^N. handles and gold lines; they are splendid valuesat double the price. As the <T^t 'f^^i ot w ° o1 and cotton : they are but- a good soft quality of Wool and.
found herea?Tbi e S tLSS »?«rii l 2? ™A that Bells ree ~ jVC W£ IVSi quantity of this ware at this low price Is limited It would be advisable to shop 7>SlBV /JlJ ton ? d d ? wn th , e front ai i d have hl ,^ h Cotton Mixed. These garments
rair*s£$ l BB -a A! «S4" T - S ™ 1 *- w^»-«bwr y ' Each ""r--ig^-j«4^a a ; 's s s? £*£&•«& I jssjjsa&sffTjfflijsnsg
i that undoubtedly will be taken T^^^^^^dsM/B^^^'J^W^^^. fr¥^TpCr^!^^X^^ yWlf/ $2.50; special at »*»*-»w been made special at f i-»V
17^^.«61C Ta5uT5£:^:iafc Sponges ,;¦ I Notions .Belts skins SSftSfaS'^TSc «f™ S 'gSc
PUlow Cases— 100 dozen 15c Pillow 2 2e" Bath Towel' "*i«aV (Main Floor) (Main Floor) . ,. (Main Floor) «i l* oikUia -. . ,.. _r ;. ¦ . price 1 _ "-v--; r
aStftfx*IS° f ln^?. n ffi lOp S^&2SS:Afln;ei"aiin-Ji8.ta- To dole out a big' line of Ba^r-2 00-yard spools^ Wjftr ftgjjljiwrhlr i. , > (3rd Floor) r ? r^&^ M ?lSS8!ti^i& *?^iJ&^ iV^fc&P
vrlll b! offered Mondar at 1V^ mercerized Table Damask, in neat Sponges we will place on sale Bastlnr— 500-yard spools 4c nrettv Muar^ e?lt buckle^ • We have just installed a Vests are weir shaped and have a style. They are perfect flitting and
fiTo'.pSalfai.PrtcJ *I»1U- i2S ! ili?S? > $l.lU splendid value at .... £$Q | OoMotot BMpt f- -BJaitaiSS SSSid BSdei" • reSSt 1 . ¦ very low price of.... JOg , JOW for ,65c. but may now 5Qc .old for I.,, than 75c; no- {)5c
¦,__ m-L-- — -, ¦ . , — ' y II Inches wide — a yard; ...5c 75c value; special at. .48c ' '"' pe naQ lOM naq at
Truly No Mother Can Afford to Let, This Toys and Holiday Novelties I The Best style shoes for Make Holiday Selections of Men's Bath Robes.
>^ ___^ •*._ ff * . m • v%l*i (3rd Floor) ; Women and Boys * . • - ¦ ,
vipportumty tor mlants and Cnil- _.« you are no t ready to make your (Mam Floor) Overcoats Smoking Jackets Fancv Vests
* • T- ' Christmas purchases now, visit our The .values we are Rjvme in this X^ ? V#V/Cli»Of .WlllVIMll^ •^U\^s^^l>^y A wimwjr ? vOlO
Jfc- — M ) A \RF +*.*mmm ¥%—:». ~. ;;%¦-' big department, and if you see any- large department are without excep- • «¦> • .1 • %.l^ lx* IWT^
dreil S WeQr PaSS. (2na ¦««»>. thing that strikes your fancy we wil! tion the best. We anticipate that this QXiQ BOVS : ClOthlllff NOVeltlCS NOW.
>. —————¦¦ -_ lay itaside until later in the season. offering will be more . popularly at- *"¦-¦ ; r : & ¦—!-¦¦—
4 W« have TOlleeted what we consider the very finest of our immense t«», n,, r . a ,, Ti,i«. t,-- *t,^i- j,i ,-^ a tended than any of the previous ones.' • w « have "arrange "these specials at this time to p«r- _j_
Bf^f\ stock of Infant* and Children's Wearing Apparel. Every price has b»en care- I oy. Bureau — Inat has three, drawers woman.'* 'Slinuers With two or one mlt every on« of our customer* to famlUariie themselves J&3** ¦ &&*
T>VJ fully looked Into and reduced to its lowest possible notch. You will be con- and an extra well finished swinging strap and bows- they are made on the with our complete stock of men's and boys' holiday WxiA ¦ P/-J /^
%jO vinced when you see the sarments. _ . \our-:regular\price^s^ X^I lljJ \*3
M^&6*Xk. CHH.dben'8 coats. but we have marked it special at KVSrtStl Aft worab JAOTW^iSta nior) ¦ J^£ iS
/-n-™-^! t f J 1 "^ 00 . 1 ., La<3y , S!? th> wlth , a larire pleat Sic. '" ' ' and widths ea 4JJ A • W A all-wool sol' cloth Emokln* Jacket in Oxford.
rf^*, S-.^^tV'SSa China Closet-A closet l 3 x 7 inches, w'onfen^^oc-In Vliht' different styles ft^HL^^ /^wil^^l^^^h
?•!* '-' -ri S£^ - ad^ of light hardwood'earved fin- «J -^ -w^shapes «|d wight ag an «^^ ,«^o«, /^^^|ii^^S^
t^eSSPatSHX Jf-^yrtJ the front; they are for children 2 to 4 years; this Is a ish and pretty glass door; regular and we will give you if\ P»/V the greatest Jacket value to be had la the city. «^~«-»OC» / lK&!^mJfo<%il' ft r«5SfiiESSfi^»i$\
JS^B55^^ (^^^ t^^^!?..^".^.^^??:.w*2.6p Price 4 OC; special at 21c. your choice of anyone of $2.50 ,* H^T^&%i^cL^^^ /
- CHILDBEDS DUXSSES. Toy Piano-This piano has SIX notes B £* £S2!lt' a ' trJmendou. savin,. Sr'.^SSibSSIoS 10 on^e^fla^^r^V^ Y^^WMm^^T^
Iff) ¦ MiWB U There are full blouse waists with circular reveres over Mapic lantern rnmni^r*. w;tVi <=,V ih a L" to>s- 8t > les ' ln slx ¦ omerent BATE ROBES— (.Main Floor) V^
/tgfM- fr>'? lU 1 }. IBiRSilll? the fhoulders and flown the front and back of the waist: " la ? lc lantern — Complete VVlth SIX shape toes. _ As an opening special we are off erlng a fin* Eiderdown. IV i'lifaBSH I \W VI tsh^SfX T H
(ftftm "¦ "m HI A » fl tf ?|W5a ' the eklrt is gored and haa Etrapped belts; they are lined slides; value 50CJ Our price 25c. oi ?il ? k\l i'Stsfi Crash or Terry Ooth Robe In dark, light and medium H Mr D^^4 L.B
/.Of -N ffi /« fl It • XlBrofffflm - :hroughout and come In brown navy and red: •£ Q OCI Sizes ,2% to 5% '••Sl.oo shades. Some hav» stripes, others have fancy figured de- - : L,7 V ¦' W I It Ut t Sl^JT\t f\
•'B^fk, RV # "V> 'I Wwsill& * U ilreS ' rf^ ularly * 9 ! now .tDOe^SO ¦ , signs. Every cne Is a splendid value. Our CO QQ &VJ ¥ :^ ! // "It^-AS^lrP 1\.
/^krtWI 1 i I „ xwpahtb* jackets. Children's Women's • Men's. Sjff Wl A, ffef€^%™
\ \JBbSP ff^wHj^ST^aSl^S Handkerchiefs ; Handkerchiefs Handkerchiefs -L-^-f^^fe^r^^^^^; » 1 Ij»WW^
VJ8^6BHL]L^>8M»*iHP^- »r iheU?tl [ of^hl^ 7™**™ •£' 111 ? alt « ¦ (Main Floor) '(Main Floor) . (Main Floor) bought to sell at |8 00; age, 6 to 17 years; gQQ 5 $FA V ' !M)| JA M
¦^CCxV?y*nr~TT fli Bfi it th« bmii with t bow of ribbon; colors »r» 7R r These are lawn 'hand- Women's extra fine Mftn> " Whlt « Hemstitched our price is a reduction for this week v 0 *"". a\jl \ jl\ ' *SS^-«LjwSy '
\./P»V^3v t I 1 HI HI cr*am only; regular price $1 25; eale price tOC |,, r V ,;,f 8 „ ith nr. Hv ettJI^ "q™,!^.- : * i^Kr«M Handkerchiefs — They, are a Oxford Reefers or Nava! Overcoats that are worth §M \ X \ V&f&£fojP&M
\VW If/ 0 MS ___ -, kerchiefs With pretty sheer SWISS embroid- very- large bIm; have sort fin- double th« money. They are for boys 3 to 8 years old. ;vfft| I ;ff \ i JT^iAlKSfH J%W
X^y*fij/ I A I Sf Bff I1STA3STS' IiONQ DRESSES. colored rings, dots and ered handkerchiefs, in Ish and are ready for u«e; there We have not many left and we are closing C1 OA Uy \ 1 s »\ l^^^X^i^lWjK^Wl
j^^ /I Jg A I (\ I #T fcf Th»*e dresses are made of very soft quality of Kaln- narrow hemmed borders daintv desicn3 and with < are eoma with colored borders them out at «p*ecrv/ rrj I i ift W i : *^r|Wwff..'
f<T^^k IJ J'lLimdd W sock; hare an all-over yoke of dainty embroidery and will ' «wiT fi aaintj aesigns ana Wltn and o ther« all color.. They are - OOll 1 CAPS— (2nd Floor) W 1 \j/^5S^i^^df : *lr 1 "
*-3^yS- ? *»5»fcsi^ y <|anTP'H"Tif I'lrt fine c«w insertion; they are nnlthed at the neck and VVeli worth »C. r scalloped borders; |»- regular Sc and-lCc val- _, _ B . Go]f caps- some have been sellla* at 40c. others MA El l^
. . - - : ?- «a^-^ " ' wrist with ail embroidery ruffle; there is a four-inch Can be had Moil- . Tf* worth 25c; sale t^C ues: but w , e f, 1^ 15140 ? SP at 60c; forthis week the entire line has been Of\c ULp* ~€lV^ Ift*^'
hem. at the bottom; an exceptional /value at flri (\(\ j- v a * .-;.--.-,, «JW nr : r - ,¦>,"?-'.'.,.... lt»V thern^on Bale Monday. 8 11^ ", d^^ t0 . .....:........ ..*............. :"^ ¦ ,
* $1 80;, now to be had at ....;..;............ OI»VU aay. at price. , . for S5c.; or. 'each. "'~ " Qucea "•••""• --¦.., ..- ¦ ¦ ; .- ¦ . - . ¦» ¦ ¦. ' • ¦-. '' Captain- Fred Hw. :. SJaderi. :wife v and
daughter ¦ .-; "arrived at y Vancouver^ Bar- 1
racks from; West ; Point] on 3 Wednes
day.-; _ Captain j> Sladen 7 to"; the
Fourteenth | Infantry,', now/stationed \ iri
Samar. .^HejWas'originallyj ordered! to
Join 5 : his : regiment ' at : that^ pest, but
atthelastrmlnutethe order.was'coun
termand^d r andJhe^as.'ordered't6Tpro^
ceedS to :^Vancouver. Barracks' Vtb 're
main- "there"" until 1 ; his "resimeht- re
turned ijto ithls country."; 1 It":- is ;there
fore^ probable',- that .: thV Fourteenth ; is
to] be ? stationed fat' Vancouver. :> ' :V
The, regular, monthly muster" of^the
troops at the • Presidio will, take { place
fo-niorrow. rnornlng at 9 o'clock. ,' The
Third Band Artillery Corps ; will play
at the post In front of General Morris'
headquarters and 'the Twenty-eighth
Infantry Band ' will " play \in the can
tonment where that '. regiment ¦ is now
stationed. '
• The Twenty-eighth Infantry, is now
making preparations tcf leave the can
tonment, where theyV have been, for
the , last year.' r " In all ;¦ the" . officers'
everything [ J Is "packed" "up
"ready'tq beshipped toUheir hew post,
Fort :_Snellirig.y
*•' .They are getting clothes and 'ap
parel ¦ suitable^ to ; the rigorous winter
climate -they are* going ; into. ¦ v. ' •
Fourteenth Infantry Now Stationed at
; Saniar Will: Probably Bo Sent
" " .to ; Vancouver Barracks..
MUSTKR OF TROOPS AT
THE PRESIDIO .TO-MORROW'.
Life is a fleeting show to the actor
who plays one. night stands.
The Paris courts have decided that a
doctor who makes use of clairvoyance
to diagnose and prescribe for the ma
ladies of 1 his. patients is guilty of il
legal practice. J
Many representative Swedish citi
zens of this city were present last
night at Turn Vereln Hall to witness
the presentation of the Swedish com
edy, "Smalandsknekten." Judging
from the enthusiasm with which the
play was received It was a tremendous
success. Those who took part in the
performance were .August F. Brand
stedt. Miss Alie Anderson. Harry
Mentzer. Miss Agnez Lundgren. Gust
Dahlgrent Gust Kallander, Harald
Blomquist, John" HJelm, HJalmar
Meyer. Axel Alf. L. Gisslow, Charles
Anderson, and Mrs. Fred Johnson.
The festivities ended with a dance.
kssistant division superintendent at
Los Angeles.
Several months ago it was reported
that a shift of division superintendents
was contemplated by Manager Agjer
and it was : generally understood that
Jones was to ; be sent back to Sacra
mento. Before this change was ef
fected Laws died. Jones has been
connected with the Southern Pacific
Company for -many years and is re
garded as a very capable operator.
His return to Sacramento will be haled
with pleasure by the people of that
city, where he was always popular.
Give Swedish Comedy.
Judge Mogan remanded: JohnxV.'
King and Frank O'Hearn, soldiers, ; for,
trial in v the Superior Court • on the
charge ' of shooting : Charles Musso, a
piano , player in a" Barbary Coast sa
loon."7 Thirty . days'! imprisonment was
prescribed by .the ; same ' y. magistrate
for' Oscar Ross, who kept his family
living in. a filthy basement on Twelfth
street? while he spent , his earnings . for
liquor.*: • * -. ;"-;-. :
J. Fitzgerald Murphy, playwright,
was dismissed \>y Judge Mogan, to
whom he stated' that he had removed
his trunks from the apartment in
which he and his wife had, their last
quarrel and that he had not seen the
lady since his previous appearance in
court. Mr. Murphy kicked the .face
of tlje landlord of the' Hotel Meredith
when ; that gentleman indiscreetly ; att
tempted, to 'quell -a' conjugal-dispute.
Judge Cabaniss that ,no effort to de
fraud the hackman had been made by
him the case was dismissed. The
hackman was certain, : however, that
some "sailor guy" whom he had driv
en to the dance had told him to wait.
, Manager Agler of the Southern Pa
cific . Company yesterday announced
the appointment of T. R. Jones to the
position of superintendent of the Sac
ramento division of the road, to fill
a vacancy caused by the, recent sud-.
den^ death' of Superintendent Laws.
v Jones is at present superintendent of
ihc Tucson division. ' He was formerly
assistant to the late Superintendent
¦Jchn Wright at Sacramento and has
been stationed at Tucson for about a
year. .His; position at Tucson will be
filled by v W. A. McGovern, at present
3Ianriger Aglcr of Southern Pacific
• " Appoints . Tucson 3Ian to ; the
1 Sacramento Position.
SUPERIXTEXDEXT JOXES
- '-¦'¦'¦ TO BE LAWS SUCCESSOR
j First ;Mate ..Saunders: of ; the good
ship ; Servia - his "shore 'itoga last
Friday. eveningl and 1 betook [him) to. a
select . social * function ';.-•. on '¦¦' .;Kearhy
street, .where '. he * "danced y.until -the
small kburs; '.were/, considerably^ ad
vanced. ; Then", lie*, jumped \ into : a '.¦ hack
which j was "standing hear
arid j instructed j' the * driver jf to
him^to , his yessel.'i moored to the'-How
ard-street .wharf.' The/ instruction was
obeyed j '.wlthj'due i alacrity, ;'^ut\wheh
the '.mate!, tendered .a •'dollar.",^^for his
ride" I the! coin), wai > refused j and [ J 5 j de--j
rhahded// the I :.hackman^ clalrhirig:; that
he' had waited several hours in pur
suance :.of 'the i 3 mate's^command. 'The
mate r denied ; that \ he , : had * e ver- issued
such an ; order; » the -hackman ' rehiark
*ed that "sailors ; were 'cheap , guys, • any-'
how'' ; - the ' m'a'tej assaulted "i the) Kack^
man; and the ': hackman ; had ' the* mate
irrested. "Alter.. the. mate' hadfsatlsfied?.
Clyde Sebelle and Charles Picard,
17-year-olds, averred ; it was ' not .with 1
4ntent to damage' the -windows., con
tained ¦ in the , residence -s of '{ Samuel
Johnson, a colored gentleman ; at'J3ac
ramento street and Leroy place, Jthat
they hurled rocks, but -either : to . maim
or slay one black; cat that >had; in
curred their^ aversion^ by ! its', nocturnal
disturbance^ of -. the " peace. 'J- It ; was a
very elusive :;. feline,; they - 'added,;- and
they saw : it - perched 'I upon -.the
front stoop of, the. Johnson domicile
they .could • not^ resist^ the \ temptation
to attempt its slaughter.'; MrV Johnson
hoped ¦ the , court\would; not : . think that
he was Inspired'^ by '/malice ' when 1 - he
had the.boys t arrested.! ;He did/riot ide-"
sire their 'imprisonment,^ but Xwould
like to have'themi^ compelled r to • pur
sue: their jcat^hunting where; their : de
fective/marksmanship ..would' not"; im
perii his":. windows.*;' Defendants '] severe
ly reprimanded 'and:' case dismissed, ;
For selling -milk deficient in" butter
fat W. Townes was flhed J25 by Judge
Cabaniss, and- James Ferrar, similarly
accused, was discharged 1 ' after It':^ had
been shown that the". lacteal. fluid dis
tributed by; him was so ; nearly/. up' to
the legal standard in V- percentage of
cream- that its attenuation might have
been accidental.
• ¦ • ¦¦ •
C. C. Moss, accused of having plucked
i.he feathers from live chickens in the
Union Square Market, explained to
Judge Mogan that there 'was no cruelty
whatsoever in his treatment . of the
birds that he executed and dressed. Ere
he began to remove the feathers, he
said, he cut' the jugular veins of each
chicken and also, to make death cer
tain, probed its brain with a- sharp im
plement. The Humane Society officer
who testified that he saw some birds
move after they had been^d^nuded of
feathers by the defendant may have
told, the truth, but "the court 'should un
derstand that for some time after"* a
chicken's life has departed its muscles
and tendons twitch convulsively as
they relax. ,. The Judge confessed him
self unlearned in ornithological anat
omy and continued the case till next
Saturday, by which time he shall' have
consulted experts in the slaughter of
poultry. ' ' . ,
In the breast of Judge Cabaniss is
locked the words that little Emma
Braig breathed into his right ear after
he had requested her to state what
little Mary Burane had said that pro
voked Daniel Sweeney (colored) to cast
rocks at her. Daniel testified that he
was walking along one of the 'North
Beach ; thoroughfares, "'tendih' to. his
own bizness ,an* sayin' nuffin'; to no
buddy." when ; the two girls met him
"an* stahted'a-joshin'," and filially, one
of them called him something which
he did not desire to repeat in court; It
was then that little Miss' Braig.whis
pered to the Judge the. offensive sobri-.
quet to* which Daniel alluded and which
the. Judge firmly declined to disclose to
•an eager press. Defendant was allowed
to go onPhis own 1 recognizance.
Percy Brush was dead broke in
Stockton when Thomas McKenna, re
cently of the Klondike, charitably pre
sented him with river transportation to
San Francisco and -Percy showed hia,
gratitude by stealing Thomas' razor
and pocketbook while the twain were
fellow, passengers. Percy denied the
theft and. claimed that the pocketbook
found on his person was his own prop
erty, but Thomas routed the claim by
accurately describing the contents of
the purse, which included a newspaper
clipping announcing the last divorce
of "Swiftwater Bill." Judge Mogan
will sentence Percy for petty larceny.
Alonzo Emillia, accused of disturbing
the peace, was attired in a sweater em
bellished with alternate yellow and
green stripes and crimson cuffs \ and
collar as he stood before Judge Conlan
and pleaded not guilty.
"You may not be guilty as specifical
ly charged," said his Honor, glancing
at the defendant's apparel, "but ,that
sweater of yours certainly disturbs. the
peace of all persons of modest ! taste
who see it." s .
As the complaining witness, the de
fendant's wife, was j unable to- speak
English, the case was continued till an
interpreter can be engaged to translate
her testimony. Signor Emillia and his
gorgeous garment -were returned to the
cage;
• • *
"Thomas King, may God have mercy
on you for killing my boy!" wailed the
aged mother of John Costello, who died
after being struck in the abdomen with
a rock hurled by Thomas. King, whom
he was pursuing with an open knife in
his hand. The Coroner's jury exoner
ated King, ljut Judge Fritz sent for
Costello's mother and asked if she de
sired to file formal complaint. She de
clined to do* so and was leaving the
courtroom when she glanced; at S King
and despairingly implored heaven to
foTgive him. He was discharged from
custody.
that it would be unjustly discrimina
tive to convict ; one person of battery
where two had battered! ¦ and the case
was dismissed. -
Edward Bovyer of 132 Caselli avenue,
is building some flats in proximity to
the residence of E. Hill, an inspector of
customs, at 222 Collingwood street, and"
when Mr. Bovyer started to erect a'
scaffold for his painters in tht; narrow
alley dividing his building from the
Hill dwelling an emphatic objection was
filed by Mr. Hill. The unpleasantness
thus engendered was not appeased
when Mrs. Hill complained to Mr. Bov
yer that his workmen kept the alley
wet by maliciously pouring water into
it, nor was the entente cordiale re
stored by Mr. Bovyer's request that
Mrs. Hill "shut her mouth, as she
talked too much;" The lady, of course,
reported to h«- husband what Mr. Bov-
Y.er had said, and Mr. Hill, equally, of
course, went and asked Mr. Bovyer
what he meant by saying "it. In the
language of "Mr. Hill, "one word bor
rowed "another" until words became in
adequate to express j the gentlemen's*
feelings toward each other. In the ac
tive encounter that ensued one of Mr.
Bovyer's fingers was damaged — he al
leged it was chewed by his opponent —
and Mr. Hill's head was severely in
jured. After the draw was declared
Mr. .Bovyer had Mr. Hill arrested for
battery, but Judge Cabaniss thought
"As you have been declared sane,"
was the Judge's response, "you must
be held responsible for your -conduct,
and it is my duty to impose a penalty
in accordance with the seriousness of
your offense."
"Oh, I'm sane — as sane as you j are,"
said Mr. Pilkington, "and J can survive
any term of imprisonment you can im
pose. But again I warn you to weigh
the consequences to yourself. I'm the
last of my race, and by sentencing me
to prison you Will violate the first divi
sion of Magna Charta. New, go ahead."
"Forty days," said the Judge.
Mr. Pilkington gazed pityingly at the
bench and exclaimed: "You have made
a terrible mistake, as you'll soon real
- ize. Pilkington is not ray name. I'm a
knigrhtly squire. Remember, I told you
to go slow. When my vengeance falls—
as fall it must in vindication of my
character— you'll remember it again."
And with stately stride Mr. Pilking
ton followed the bailiff to the bastile.
Before pronouncing sentence, " said
T. G. Pilkington to Police Judge Mo
gan, "you should weigh the conse
quences to yourself. I may go to jail,
but you'll lose both prestige and money.
Of course, I will not supinely submit to
the humiliation of imprisonment. You
may as well understand that I shall be
avenged. Now do your worst." ;
Mr. Pilkington was arrested for dis
turbing the peace, and when arraigned
he declared himself a British subject,
expressed loathing for all American in
stitutions and informed the court. that
he did hot care a d— n whether he was
convicted or acquitted. As his demean
or appeared to be incompatible with
sanity he was sent to the Lunacy Com
mission for examination, and that body
of expert alienists said he had sense
enough to realize the effects of any
thing he said or did. So when he was
set ud for sentence he addressed the
bench as hereinbefore quoted.
DARKLY HINTS OF TRAGIC REVENGE
\borty Days lor Alien
INTIMIDATION FAILS
TO FREE PILKIGTON
THE; SAN- FRANCISCO' GALL, SUNDAY- JQeTOBIvR^ 30, 1904.
32
• For a Disease Germ That* Liquozone Can' t» Kill.
•.-.•."Qn;- every bottle of Liquozone ¦ we s.n c xces? of oxygen— is deadly to veR- ESeHMk^Erysip«ia« TubercatoSs* 1 *" i*?(*'-
offer!$IOOO:for :Z disease Kertn that it etal. matter.' '.-" Fevers— Oall Stone* Tumors— Ulcers -* -J
cannot, kill. -.We do this to asst^evpir Lfqrczone goes into the stomach, S oitI *T Gou^, . n? rlciK ? 1 *™ *
that Liquozone 'docs kill germs. into the bowels > and into the blood. v**<****- Gl "* Women • r>Ue *» M
? And iti is. the (only .Way known -to to if * wherever the blood eoes. No -"AM diseases thar begin with f«T«r— *n in-
kil! .germs, in thei c body : withqut kill- germ can escape if and none- can re- "St^r.,Sn, rr Sr {^m
inj* the tissues,' too.^ Any druK that sist' it The results are inevitable, for blood.
kiils^rms^is, a: poison.;; and, it^can- a Cgcrm^ .disease, must .end^yhen ; the JS^SSSBB «SxS«g:& dJ 1 "
not ; bei taken internally. .Medicine * is germs are killed. Then • Liquozone,
almost'helpless^inJanyRerm^ disease, acting any a wonderful ' tonic, quickly 50c Bottle Fre©
Itis this; fact" which"srives:Liquozone restores ?.'• condition of perfect health, • *
its- worth s to- humanity fr a iwoVthV so Disensec which .have resisted medi- If you need Liquozone, and have
great -that,, after- .-: testing the -product cine, lor years yield at once, to Liquo- never tried it, please send as this
for. two years, : . through physicians and rone, and it cures diseases which med- coupon. We will then mail you an or-
hospitals,' we paid , $100,006 for. the icine. never cures. Half the people you d«. r O n a local druggist for a full-
Arnericansrightsi-Andiwe' have-spent rnept-f-wherever you are— can tell you size bottle, and we will pav the drug-
over^ one" million :' 'dollars ' in -one vear_ of cures that were made by it. gist cu; selves for- it?, This is our freei
tobuy;the first bottle and;srive} it free •:>: ; r»_^_. Tmt..^.™ gift, msde to convince .you: to show
to . each sick : one who would ; try: it;-;: ; V»erm JLHSSOSeS. , you what Liquozone is. and what it
ActS Like OxVCen These are the known germ diseases, can do.. In justice to yourself, please.
¦ ACTS L1K6 VXygen. .^Uihat medicine can do for- these accept irto-day, for ,t places vou nn-
., Liquozone. is not made by com- troubles is ,; to : help Nature overcome as f . uo obligation whatever,
pounding drugs,, nor is there anylal- the perms, .and such results are indi- Liquozone costs 50c and 5r.
cohol :in it. ,1 ts virtues,: are derived rc ct ,and uncertain." Liquozone attacks , — — — '. ; _— ,
solely, from gas— largely oxygen gas the fpernis,; wherever they are. And CUT OUT THIS COUPON
a^ process requiring. imrnense7a"p : ; when" the germswhich cause a disease «"
paiatusiand 14 days'-time. Th^'pro- are d^troyed.. the -disease must end. oVon? c* "M-4wVa a ba,i 1 &J?*<m££'
cess has. for more than ?o vcars. an-1 tortver. That is inevitable: ¦ WSBBBBKHBUBtiBtB
beenlthe;constant.sub,ect-of r scientific ABthma : , ' - ' H , y Pever _ lBfluenia '?i'^^:^"uZ££Z'&V ,T^u
and-. chemical; research: ;_;-. ; Ab,^«t-Anaemia . "fdn.y SS^e2 DZ * wiu « P pi, m. a.50c. q bottu*tr~ 1 im
The IS -a; liquid that .does Bronchitis- ; La. Grippe. - take it.
what^oxygen does^It is a^ food \^%%^^U-tSSttZvu.: . . _ ' ,'.
ana. D.OOa -• lOOa— tne ,-, most , helpful Bowel. Troubles- Malaria— Neuralgia
thing in therworld/tOrvOU.ItSief-- Coughs— Colds "• ? Many Heart Troubles .. ••••,••••••••••
f«ts;are;exhilafating-^italizing,;p U ri- ¦gS5K3gS5^ SI^^qS^ sit'-G^'i^Xi^^'^^'
fying.v" Yetlit is anabsolutelvfcertain constipation Rb«umaU«m. address— wrif puialy.
"fe-rniriHp ™ The-rpa«;nn-i«-"tKnt Mrmt Catarrh — Cancer -,-• Scrofula — Syphilis - - . • --.-<.•
1 ?; ¦, • 1 . Jle . :reason_is,that ,eerrns Dy3 e ntery _ D uiThea iSkln Diseases ... ; Aay physician or hospital not yet using
anu .'L-iquozone— rllke Dandrufl-^Drcpsy Stomach Troubles Liquczone will b« xtadly isuppllad for • .tnu
ADV r ERTISE31EXTS.
DEAFNESS
BOOK FREE
HOW TO REGAIN HEARING
The best book ever written on Deaf-
ness and how to cure It is being given
away absolutely free of charge by its
author. Deafness Specialist Sproule, the
¦ ¦ ¦¦ „ .i greatest authority
of the age on Deaf-
V^^^^^^^^^M ness and all ear
t**!. 1 * : Tt*\V i The book con-
bhyg a L »" i tains information
fjgyj : r*lfPC i tnat -vv '" 1 R °'
RJSS.f V»U r * i -wonderful value to
It^ 1 *] I • _ o j deaf people. It was
|i t| F0»^ j written to honest-
l ! '•*rArWrSSJJ' J y help all who
.k^i -DE^' 1^ M Buffer from Deaf-
KS2 r ¦ ' '^%, ness, and it tells
V!*'' r '¦.hi ir****' nil about the
' i' Trl " ; cause, dangers and
cure of Deafness in the plainest manner.
It shows how the Inner tubes of the ear
set all blocked up. causing the loss of
hearing, and explains the terrible ring-
ing, buzzing sounds in the ears and how
to stop them. Fine drawings by the best
artists illustrate its, pages. '- .
If you want to get rid of your Deaf-
ness, send for this book and find out
what to do. Deafness can now be cured
and this book explains how. It's in great
demand, no ask for it to-day. -Write your
name and address plainly* on the dotted
lines, cut out the Free Coupon, and mail
It at once" ' to . ~ Deafness . Specialist
SPROULE, 165 Trade Bnildliir, Boston.
You wliy soon receive the book.
Free Deafness Book Coupon:
NAME ... . . . .'... ........... ....
ADDRESS . . . . :V
¦ v .- - -" ... ¦ ¦ « -... . -...--¦
The Cream of Sari Mateo
EL GERBITO
PARK
Never before offered except in"
large acreage pieces.
Small holdings ¦ now . a.t • acreage \
« . : ..'prices. v< ;
Opening Day, October 3lsti
¦ Get map and prices and first-
choice at ; office. .
HOAG & liANSDAL&
108 Xontaromerr St» s. V.
(v i)
. Vfi^330 MARKET ST. Sf.^S&^-
ADVEKT1SE31EXTS.
WHY APPENDICITIS?
Why is appendicitis so common to-
day? ' ,
Because we have got into the per-
nicious habit of eating too fast
Dr. Curtis, the great authority on
this disease, says: "Appendicitis of-
ten follows the eating of a tery hasty,
or particularly large or indigestible
meaL"
After carelessly following a foolish
custom you can" insure your safety by
taking Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
It is an accepted, scientific truth,
which admits of no dispute, that if
you will only keep your digestive ap-
paratus in good order you will never
euffer from this dread disease, which,
at best, means a weakening operation,
with long weeks wa»d in bed and
big doctor's and surgeon's bills to pay
as souvenirs.
Keep your appendix in health by
the proper use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets whenever you have laid your-
self open to danger by overeating and
upon the least sign of stomach or in- I
testinal trouble, for otherwise, at any
time, this dangerous disease may lay
you low.
The curative influence of this great
medicine is quickly shown in the gen-
tle, soothing effect it has on all in-
flamed conditions of any part of the
digestive tract.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets tone all
these parts up -to r(Jproper condition
of perfect health and regulate their
functions into a proper working state.
They also make away with all the
causes of irritation, inflammation or
Indigestion by helping to dissolve— di-
gest and assimilate or put to priper
use all @/.e food which is lying around
In odd corners of vour digestive ap-
paratus, fermenting, rotting and
curdling, like so much garbage in a
dirty sink. : ,=: .'
liP these natural and perfectly sim-
ple way* Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
restore all sufferers from any form of
dyspeptic trouble to health.
They^are safe and reliable. They
never f^-il to relieve and cure, quickly
and permanently.
Use them and you need never worry
about your appendix 'V-rmiformix-
• #b '
For driving
Centemeri
Cape Gloves
i Very Durable Ct |
I Heavy Seams V | • * I j
t| Sizes & to 10 1 ?ASR - | i
| 109 GRANT AVE/ I
ML. Bet. Geary and Post Ste. H j
f Perfect Fitting (*J^
Eyeglasses cM
it Moderate Gosi (\
fjg^Z&zn MEMUKDWOMEn.
*K2sPfcCE£rt«M C»« Bif a for unnatcrai
JE?J*f UlUt <»Tm.Xg (Jitch»rpM.lnflnum*tion«,
ffSfv Guruttea W lrritnlooc or elcerstloBj
I5*B w» «» «trt«t»r*. of Dteot! membranes.
tf? ' T r 7*"*'/* eU *^- Pslnlett. &nd not &*tria<
|f t s \ Tit VCir.i CHt¥ iCilCa. f nat or ;citononn.
fea. CIJIES*An.C.Eya3 Cold by Dm? fflU*
VWi UsV*. jSgr or cent ic plain wrsppsr.
WfWfgy^ .rsffyrl b T expr««s, prepaid, for
X^EfcHEPamryn $1.00. or<bt>ttUis:.7&.
*¦ Ci rcul*r sa&t oa teas tst-
OCEAN TRAVHT^.
- Steamers leave Broadway
" /ex^^QvK w »>»*^ e » <Plers 9 and 11),
iUS^ fan Francisco:
(ejT&JH* Y*\ Fcr Kftchlkin. Wranjrel
M I 1 JunMU. Trfadwells. Ilalnes
1 \ VfbfetfQa/ I Skatway. Alaska— H
\«V \\ yal »- ™- October 12. 17. 22. 27.
VAsjl Jtov - u Ch»nge to this com-
v^ rm • t ** m < 1 ™ »t Seattle.
/VQS>^ For Victoria. Vancouver
TMrt Tbwosend. Seattle. Tacorna. Everett!
boutb DelUscham. BeUlncham — 11 a. rn OctI
12, 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Change at Seattle to
this cornpsi-y'* steamers for Alaska and O N
Ky. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. p. Ry.*- »i
Vancouver to C P. Ry.
Tor Kurfka (Huisboldt Bar) — Poratona. 1 -3a
p. m.. October 13. 1». 23. 31. Nov. «. Corona.
1 :S0 p. m.. October 4. 10. 1«. 22. 28. NcvJ
For Los Anrelos (via Port Los Anceles and
Redoodo). San Dieco and Eacta Barbara—
fe»m» Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
StaU of CallfornU, Thursdays. 9 am.
For Los Anrelea (via San Pedro and Ka»t
Ean Pedro). 8anta Barbara. Banta Crux? Moo-
terey. Eaa Simeon. Cayucoa, Port Hartord (Saa
Lola Oblspo). Ventura and Hueseme
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. October 14. 22. 30. Kov T
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. October 10. 18. 20 Nor a'
For Enseoada, Mardalena Bay, Ban Jose'dci
Cabo. UaisUan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
aslla. Ousymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo
For further information obtain folder Rlrht
Is reserved to change steamers or eallln* datea
TICKET OrriCES— 4 New MoStcom:
•ry st. fPalae* Hotel). 10 Msrk^t «t..and Broad,
way wbarv«s. Frelclit Offlca 10 Marke* st.
10 Market st., Kan Francisco. .
• The Partflc Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler st.. win
rail- for and check barn** frem hotels and
retldencea. Telephone Kxchanre 312.
oceanics.s.co. ««EF« »¦"«
, BiR£dU»aioUKir;
B. fi. SIERRA, for Ilnnolulu. Ssmos, Auckland
and Sj-dney. .*. .Taunulav. . X6v. ¦ 10. 2 p. m.
S. 8. ALAMEDA. fcr Honolulu, Nov. la \\ , m '
B. B.MARIPOSA. lor Tahiti. Nov. 25. n ». , m ,
LLSFEECIILS k BEOS. 01; ApL.TlCht OffiCJ 613 lir-
ftL rrasJt Offlc! 323 Xartet sl. Pisr 7, Pacia: »l
C0X?A8VIE GtKniLE TBlHSllLlTrTIQIl
VIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS : .
fcalllcc every Thursday Inftead of
. Saturday. Ul0a.nL, from Pier iX -^xHif
North lUrtr, 'foot of Morton at.
First class to Havre. JTO and upward.' r»«
«sd rlars to Havre. Hi «nd upward. Q1N.
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED SJTATEB AlfD
CANADA. S: Broad w«y (Hudson bulldlnrj.
Nsw Tork. J. F. FUGAZI ft CO.. Padfle Coast
Ar*Dt«. 8 iientKOsatrr , avenue. ¦ San Franoisaa. :
T1ck»u sold by ell Railroad Ticket " ApenU^
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
: STEAMEB ttH. CORCORAN
Leaves S. F, CUyit. Mend of Ferry bld«.
Aalty t:30 a_~ ax^t and- •$ p. m. -Sundayt-
• JO a. m.. S p. . m., leave . Vallc jo dally e-M
a. tn.. 12:20 and 6:80 p. xn. Sundays 6 b, m.'
Fare 2tc . P. A. a. Co. Phoae Mala 1*1.
¦Batitrdays ; axecptsd.
JPei XT. B. Hary T*rd and TaUeJo.
Strs, General Frlebie, MonUcello and Arrow.
t:t* a-m.. 12:60 p.m... »:l« p.m.; 6 p.m.; »:S0 p!
¦A- Leave San ¦ Francisco i Sundays 9 : iS s. oa..
l»:30 p,m.. 8 p.m.. t>:30 pm. Leave Valleio. 1
a-ea, • s_m.. | U:8O p.m.; 8:1S p.m.. 6 p.m. Saa-
<aya. t a.m.. 0 a-m.. 3:20 pin., 6 p.m.. Pter 3.
ft. ii!a£lcn *t.; pjjwue Mala IMS. HATCH ZB.Q3
I -^V_ : _'._^ _';¦:¦'•¦" ._ _'- _';"' 'Oi-.-^ r^*.i'- -y ,'v-.;.._._ : ./^vERTJSEamy^^__-^ j--^^^^.^-- _¦/_ : _ : ; _ _ __ ; _' _ _ :_"_'_ _ ._', '. _,_->,--. .
— -YOU K»e> €>O gJJPg^CJgC.o I
So easyTto make the home cozy and inviting — to breathe comfort. ', ||
Style and comfort cost but little at the Sterling.. If you can't spare the little money required, arrange for (^^^^^^ZZ^^sHsS <?§
Half of San Francisco's homes were furnished that way. ' . . il^^^^J^^^W^^iFlS** \m
--..""*"''. - ll' and only gives' a vgj " " . V ¦¦'.'¦¦ Tr Bviu'lrLnL to look at furniture unless you want
hint as to the gen- . SI .O(> A WEEK. L ¦ "U* to - It's to pet you acquainted with
SIDEBOARD, S10.20. eral outline. The •¦; Have to cpeak of B our store, "to show you~that we can
fe^fejj "'- s^riJS'S' io^S?0SSS^i»» ., * " ™** ""' ""* " rou ' d "" '° ** """¦
Built of solid Rolden oak. quarter-sawed oak nrgc t1 i in coodl RACK, . wc=»™
well marie and remarkably }" weatlurea fin- •DEBl.,.S14.4O. We bras about them and we eioniv «-~— — —^i^^^l^^Vr^D
well finished. '« h - Leaded glass Not a sriiaU affalr by have to . Every one we JMU.UU. W\ •*^^W/mLefr52r-*»T/r
French plate mirror doors anu enas, any m(ans — small price sell Is a standing advertisement just as pretty TT*Ww *£Tt I 1*2 #*£># If
$16.20 — and nothiug add- ied minor and easv tPrms m i g ht for un. They are absolutely and graceful aa ' l\ ( C< B fl ll IK^lSklil I
ed for credit t0 P- , kai1 > ou to think so - u perfect in every way— bake per- the picture would ll f II nrlsK JUI \
' Easy to nave a stands nearly six feet in fectly, heat the boiler quickly have you believe. ll ( n \\ I \ I Siri&L sills^V-
ft ._ n IT , T »wnt. r.< -«. beautiful homo lu-isht and is 34 inches with a surprisingly small Made of pol- ll - v I 11 Iml WL JlsT* Jill l«Wv
UAS ftAUittlUB, Jhl.oU. when such furni- wide. Neatly carved top, amount of coal. lined. quarter- II . ¦ If i>\2j*S3B&&0£ / M
Handsome nickel ture is to be with lU-inch French plate They are guaranteed, abso- rawed oak. 6 feet II ' ll H^y*L.»^ I- V
plated top and houprht for a dol- mirror. Comes in golden lutely — althoueh a guarantee is 3 Inches In tfe» '/tT9*m\ ' ___-_: I
«s>, . base. polished j ar a wPek. oak fin ' F h only. really superrtuous. height. ]f *^V\. yvkjiM' L^ \
imlt St SHo! Uce Curtains Half Price ?
Hpj||W Il n^ < f l0 f ks " _ • ' jp - All broken lots of curtains ko on the "bargain table 1 ' this l| "^^'"^nt . fvj fi
• f^ssf^!^*^il\ btiiI lam ¦ v i^ Jr 3 pairs Hattenberg". v Rp|?ular $7. CO Cut to lpn,i*><> Pair i li ° i
i* 5^ < «n'J na KT : 'iirr^.i /a f)&Hci4km That's the way the prices are cut. fh« old tags remain on ffiiZ.tO PAltiOa ASM*
>• cant.be heated /^ 7««ft5l the sample curtain. You can figure out the reduction on ti,. w «i ,h«. ,,. -.„
any other way. Wli>si^jf fillJ dozens and .lo^en s of pr-tty curtains that will find their way to nJ^L^L^rh ir CHATB, SO.7.1.
A -nT-wtiT-B. r-pt TTTTS =^1 this muntfr Monday mornlnu. San Franclsro has Looks good In the
mUiffiifflr' '^^^^\SfilK. $20. French plate worthy In every respect. ha^Ve,. ta* k iJSgUi • eX "we
MMmvlr ¦ ©Ist^ra^^NivMvik * positiveiiY no uatz. ok telephone osdzks accepted ro» I
WrlmoS • • ¦ rmK ~ ANY or THE AB0VE adyestzsed astzci.es. I* Pavements have rsbeen constructed
on • "all lexcept^l Greenwich^ "street,
whlch^is macadamized/' V. The , lots, are
\6 be'soldi without limit or reserye,; the
brily^ condition 'being .'¦; that ;the i';\ sales
: areV to ) be jTapproved . by ; . the : Probate
Co uVt.l Arrangements ; have ', been ; made
.with ,J the .' Hlbernla^ Bank *_ to i advance
purchasers r^ne-half ; A;the ;;' purchase
price, and Tobln . '& Tobiri will ; issue
'certificates of ; title at i the ' rate" of i $ 10
'peF* 1 bt. > The sale ;' affords a'i fine op
portunity for., parties ydesifirig- : cheap
, lots I irizC' desirable ¦ neighborhood with
street -car accommodations: ; close -iat
All the. lots, are" on*.' the/ street
level, ;•; .which^materially ;¦ reduces the
[CMrtof -t tiu|lding. : . }.¦ Flats rent ; well in
the] neighborhood/ ' / :. V: i ; '¦'' .'"'' ¦-'[ '¦¦'>
/.The 7 auction ' sale 'of Dealey;&
• Catalogues, of the sale jto
be held by Baldwin r & Howell
day, .November -3, ; 1904,. by : order "of
William : J. Dingee; 'administrator.! of
the .estate; of < Alvinza ,-Hayward,^de
ceased," are being .distributed. ' , The of
fering Includes 'thirty lots in the block
bounded' byi Lombard/; Greenwich,' Oct'
tayia;- and /Laguna streets; arid \elght
lota i on' the east side of Octavla street,
between-^Greenwich . and Lombard.'
The : property ; is only two ' blocks] froni
the { Union-street car line and a num
ber. o"f : the 1 lots front on the' Lbmbafd
street ; boulevard, . which"; is , the • main
driveway" to; the v Presidio/- 'All .ithe
streets surrounding « the property are
sewered! arid ;bitumlnized/ ;'-'..::,. !'¦
THE AUC7TION 3IARKET.
made, as follows : • -¦ To? L. 'A. Stark,' lot
212, 128x217, corner of Bdrfoilhet.and
Costa Rica avenues, for $1000;Ho;W.
J. Dempsey for $1750 lot No. 20, 175x
245 'feet; to Thomas M. Alton, man
ager of the San Francisco breweries,
lot No. 164 for $2250, 300 feet on Cres
cent avenue with a depth of
about 320 feet; to L. P. Waterman
for $1000, lot No. 153, with frontage
of '112 ''feet on Crescent avenue by 209
feet; to James McDougald lot No. ,161
at the intersection of Crescent avenue
and s Clark drive, 110x175 feet, for
$1100. ; . x .»
V A contract has been let, by Baldwin
& Howell to the City Street Improve
ment Company for the construction of
a complete sewer system in subdi
vision 2 of San Mateo Park. • The en
tire length of the system will be about
17,000 feet The cost ;will be $12,000.
Connection \wlll be made with , the
sewer to be constructed by, the W. H.
Howard s estate in the town of Bur
lingame and. thence ; to low water
mark In San Francisco Bay. The con
struction of • the sewer will 'result ".in
thebuildlng" of a number, of 'new res
idences in the near future, the own
ers of the lots having waited until the
contract for. the sewer was let : before
commencing ; the construction of { their
homes. "A- contract has been ¦ let- by
Baldwin & 'Howell to- Shrewsbury &
Smith of San Mateo to construct: a
pumping plant in • San Mateo «• Park,
which 1 ; insures to the s residents of • that
property fa supply /of pure water from
the ; large • artesian -well the . park."
It is the intention to supply residents
of ; the park at rates * materially less'
than those ' prevailing '. in i the city > of
Ban Mateo. - ' - -•' . •
Chatfleld & Vinzent have sold' for
the Home and. Farm Company •] 6 87
acres of reclaimed marsh' land In
Marln County, near Black'Polnt, to I.
Sartorl.. for $28,700; also 165 adjoin-^
ing acres for Dickson & Dickson for
$10,700;' also lots in the Ross Valley
Company .tract at San Anselmo- and
lots' in the Moynolo i tract.
Sales by Baldwin & Howell in the
Hayward Addition to San Mateo' and
San Mateo Park during, the last thirty
days have aggregated nearly ¦ $60,000.
During the week the sales 'in the two
subdivisions amounted -to .' $9700.' Sa
rah Richard "purchased lots 8 . and ' 1 1
in block ' 3, Hayward Addition >. for
The same brokers have sold the
Simm & Thurston ranch of BOO acres,
near Stockton, to W. A. Parkhurst, for
$20,000; also to T..H. Speddy for L.
M. Knight, 1100 acres in Napa County.
farms .'of 200 to '500 acres "each, to'-be
sold at $10 to $20 an acre,, and into
cattle, ranges of r l 000 to 5000 acres
each, to be sold at $3 to $5 an acre.
The C. ' M. Wooster 'Company -has
also made the following sales:: Santa]
Clara Valley Land Company to nine"
buyers, eighty-five acres at San Mar
tin, ,for $8500 ; same to S. R. Rodgerj
villa site at Redwood City,' $400; the
Howlarid ranch, at Morgan Hill, to
George Koenig, $1200; Barrett &
Mack, fifteen acres at Morgan Hill, to
J. Petran, . $500; Santa Clara Valley
Land Company to T. W. Meyers, flve
acre villa site at Redwood City,$1000;
Barrett & Mack to P. M. Gilbert, ten
acres at Morgan Hill, $1500; G. A.
Eerts to P. Gillett, 160 acres in' So
noma County, $1700; El Mlrador Land
Company to N. S. Marshall/forty
acres in Tulare County, $2000; Charles
Reuss, sixty acres near Stockton,
$5000, and J. W. Horn to A. C. Cal
derwood, ten acres near . Petaluma,
$3200. , - ' ,i
$2600. • In San Mateo Park sales were
Co. on .Thursday last was a conspic-
. Hoag & Lansdale are offering^ for
sale in 75x100 foot, lots JEf Cerrito
Park, the cream of. San Mateo proper
ty." This tract has never been offered
before except^ln large acreage. pieces.
west line of Sharon street, north of
Sixteenth," $6750; lot 25x107 feet and
residence, on the north- line of Filbert
street, east of Baker, $4150:20x72 feet
and . two-story building on the west
line of First street; 100 feet south "of
Folsom, $5000.
uous success. The southwest corner
of Union and Laguna streets, 30x100,
with two stores and six flats, brought
$20,750. Lot 80x137:6 and eight new
flats on the north line of '. Lombard
street, 226:3 feet west of Devisadero,
were sold for. $15,000/ Lot 25x80 and
three-story building containing a
store and rooming-house, on the
southwest line of Third street, 225
feet, northwest of Harrison, was
bought for $15,000. ' • A three-story
and basement, on the west line of
building containing a store and lofts
Stockton street, with lot 20:1)4x60,
went for $31,000. Lot 62:9x137:6 on
the west line of Mason street, 68:9
feet . north of Jackson, with three
story brick building, with flat and sta
ble In • the' rear, brought an offer of
$10,200. Prices offered for smaller
properties were as follows: Lot 25x
125 feet and three new flats on the
25J000 . acres, to .', be- broken up Into
¦- The ; xC. M* AVooster* Company , has
sold the ran ch Jot the . late 1 Major Blos-
Eom : in Tehama' County, nlrieV,nriles
west- of Red. Bluff/ to the California
Realty -Trusts. Company,. ; in .'.which
Washington [ Dodge,-' C.' M. Wooster and
W. H.'Chlckerlngfare interested.' ;. The
price "': was $110,000r'> In 'the? ranch' are
Sales have been * effected as fol
lows by W. B. McGerry & Co. during
the week Just closed: For .Wil
liam Havard and John Hill, to a client,
lot and improvements on the south
line: of Sacramento street, 165 feet
west of Laurel, 27:6x132:7%, for
$7500; for a client, to A. Picard. lot on
south line of Pacific street, 137:6 feet
west of Jones, 32:10x90; John Lands
birrg to August Lund,- lot and im
provements, east line of Noe street,
114 feet north of Twenty-third; lot
26x100, for $3000; Mrs. E. Miller to F.
Tackle, lot and Improvements, east
line of Shotwell street, between Seven
teenth and Eighteenth, 25x122:6, for
$5300; A. Schilling to C. Munson, lot
north line 1 of Caselli avenue, 25. feet
west of Clover. 26x121; S. Peiserto LV
C. Triebel Jr., lot on north line of
Haighf street/ 131 feet* west of Ma
sonic avenue, . 25x187:6, for $3800;
John AJ Devaney to C. Bauer, lot and
improvement,' east ; line of Hardy
street. 1 between Sixteenth 'and Seven
teenth, ' 4 25x7Gf : Mrs. Sophie ¦ Dreshfleld
to 4 M ; Wof tfogel, ' T 'i lot" • and irnprove
mentg, -east "line '< of 1 Yorit- street,' 100
feet south of Twenty-fifth) 30xl00feet.
COUNTRY AXD SUBURBAN.
Some minor sales by G. H. Umbsen
& Co. are reported as follows: For
Mrs. M. Rosenblum, . improvements
and lot, 48:9x137, west line of Mason
street, 66:9 south of Vallejo, $9000;
for A. P. Matson, improvements and
lot. 50x122:6, west line of Folson
street, 198 feet south of Seventeenth,
?SOOO;j for Buchardi estate, outside
lands block No. 883, bounded by,N
and M streets and Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth avenues, $4000; for J.
Frank Walters, lot 25x100, east line of
Baker street, 75 feet- north of Fell,
$3850; for J.' Frank Walters, lot 25x
100, east line of Baker street, 50 feet
north of Fell, $3850; for Elizabeth
Kindlin, Improvements and lot, 25x
101:6, southwest corner of Church" and
Twenty-fifth' streets, $3100; for J.
Mendenhall, lot 25x125, east: line of
Dolores street, 235 north of Twenty
filth. $1675; for Bridget and Catherine
Feely, lot 25x92:11,; Irregular, west
line of Corbett avenue, 135 north of
Achbury and Caselli avenues, $750.
¦ Less - than - two weeks • ago Lyon- • &
Hoag placed on the market the last'of
the Baird estate blocks on Haight
street.; ''They have disposed' of' sixteen
lots for $54,000.^ This block Is being sold
mostly to home builders. Lots on
Haight street, now. recognized as good
business property, are being picked up
by local business men, who will erect
business houses. The entire frontage
on Clayton street, between Haight and
Waller, with the exception of the cor
ners, was sold to.McKillop Brothers for
about $22,000. A client of the William
Cranston Company bought lots on the
northwest corner of Ashbiiry and Wal
ler streets. The lot. 60x118, on the west
side of Ashbury street, 90 feet south of
Haight, was sold through Shainwald,
Buckbee & Co., for $7200.
Sales are reported as follows by Sol
Gets & Son: Lot 50x120 on the east line
of Forty-seventh avenue, 150 feet, south
of H street, to I. M. Cambridge; 25x
100 on the north line of L street, 57:6
feet west of Forty-seventh- avenue, to
C. S. Boden and Henry Arthur; 50x120
on the east line of Forty-eighth ave
nue, Ocean boulevard. 150 feet south of
S street,' to L. M. Cleaves; 25x100 on. the
south line, of I. street,- 32*. 6 feet west of
Sixteenth avenue, to Thomas C. and
M. M. Carlin; 25x120 on the east line of
Twenty-seventh avenue, 225 feet north
of C street, to James Anderson; 25x120
on the east line of Forty-eighth ,ave- :
nue boulevard, 100 feet north of T
street, to Mary J. Joslln; 50x120 on the
west line of Forty-seventh avenue, 225
feet south of S street, to Agnes L. Wat
son; 25x120 on the east line of Forty
eighth # a venue boulevard, 75 feet north
of T street, to ArbaV. JosHn; 50x100
on the northwest line of Athens street,
1 50 feet . northeast \ of -China avenue, - to
M." >f. Bellestrom; j 25x114 on the west
line of -Forty-eighth avenue, 87:6 feet
north of M street, to J. and L*. Karn.
-A- J. Rich & Co. have sold 50x110 feet
oh the east llneof Shrader street, north
of Grove, to J. Murphy, and 25x110 feet
on the east line of Shrader street, 107
feet north' of Grove, to'T.* Keritfleld,
for $2500. The seller in both Instances
is M. H.de Young. ' " "" " ' "
Speck & Co. have sold the northeast
corner of Fulton street and Forty
sixth avenue, 55x140 feet, for $2500; also
22xS0 feet and store and flat an Clemen
tina street, for $5500. •
Edwin C Young has bought from the
Norman Parrish estate 102:6x137:6 feet
on the south line of Green street, 137:6
feet west of Scott, for $10,250.
Oscar Heyman has purchased the
block bounded by Silllniwj, Girard,
Berlin and . Felton . street3 from : the
Cuneo & Costa j Company, He will
subdivide the block and resell it to
small buyers.
The Willjam Cranston Company has
sold for C. E. Gruneky, a member of
the Panama Canal Commission, his
residence in this city, on Clay street,
near Broderick. , The company has also
sold, in, the past week, several lots in
the block formerly owned by the Baird
estate, betweeh , Waller, Clayton,
Haight and Ashbury>stree'ts.
Through the agency of A. J.. Rich &
Co., D. Kell has bought the Follis resi
dence on the west line of Mission street/
north of Twenty-second, with lot 68:10x
140:6 feet, for $14,500.
LOTS AND RESIDENCES.
William Terrill has sold ta H. B.
Giles 37:8x100 feet and three-story and
basement brick building, on the north
line of Washington street, ; 30 feet west
of Washington place, for $20,000.
warehouse and lot on the south line of
Stevenson, street,. 3$5 feet east of. Fifth,"
for $70,000. v Fisher has bought from
Mrs. Agnes Lynch 28:9x82:6 feet on the
east line of Fourth street, north of Na
toma,. with old Improvements, for $32,
600.
Thomas Magee & Sons report the sale
of 25x100 feet on Mission street, between
Third and Fourth streets, on private
terms. The purchaser will erect a six
story and basement structure. Other
eales have been made by the same
brokers as follows: To P. J. Moore and.
Edward O'Nell. lot on east side of How
ard street, 149 feet south of Seven
teenth. 48x122:6 feet, for $5000; for Sam
uel E. Taylor, lot on north -side of Ful
ton rtreet. 56:3 feet east of Central ave
nue, £5x100 feet, to Mrs. Ursula Yeager,
for $2100; for Frank and Anna Mecchi,
lot on north side of Filbert street, 25:9
feet east of Steiner. "6x120 feet, to Paul
Arata/for 51750; for Charles a. Laton.
lot nn-«ast line -of-ABhbury street,-175
feet north" of Eighteenth. 25x95 feet, to
Mts. Ida Chess, for v $750; for Charles
A. Laton adjoining lot east side of Aeh
bury street, between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth. £5x95 feet, to Catherine M.
Dicksrson, for $750; lot on south line of
Hale street, 130 feet east of Merrill,
25x75 feet George Nelle to L. Wein
steln, for $100; lot on south line of Hale
street. 175 feet east of Merrill, 25x75
feet, G. "Mayrisch to L. Weinstein, for
$100. „ J'i :¦¦'¦¦
' Speck. & Co. have sold to Albert Jo-;
seph for $20,000 two adjoining properties
on the north line of Jackson street, east
of Montgomery. ' for Landry C. Babin,
25x60 feet and two-story brick building,
for $8,500; for Isaac Levy, 30x60 feet and
three-story brick building, for $11,500.
Lyon & Hoag have sold to Daniel Eln
6tein for the Ladies' Protective and Re
lief Society the block bounded by WI1
lard. Fulton and McAllister streets for
$50,000. ,¦
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have sold for
$100,000 the SImlnoff property, on the
northeast line of Sixth street, 25 feet
southeast of Stevenson, 20:6x78 feet,
with building in construction.
George Hummel has sold to Matthew
Nunan 25x100 feet on the north line of
Market street, 200 feet west of City-
Hall avenue, for $75,000. Nunan owns
the adjoining twenty-five fe.et and he
will erect a twelve-story building.
M. Fisher has sold a new' four-story
,T&i«ugrh the agency of.Bovee, Toy &
Co. a five-story building on Montgom
ery avenue and Vallejo. street and lot,
41x130 feet, have been sold to a client
fox $27,500; also for a client to George
TV. Turner, for $35,000. the Richmond
block bounded by Lake and California
streets and Sixteenth and Seventeenth
avenues, to be subdivided and resold;
also lot, D0x90 feet and improvements,
on the west line of Sixth street, 250 feet
south of TJorriVSa, for $13,500.
The Caaf ornia Safe Deporit and
Trust Company has sold to Mrs. M. C.
Davis 34:6x63 feet and two three-story
frame buildings on the east line of Lar
kin street, 103 feet north of Geary
street, for $31,500.
! OTHER SALES ARE MADE.
j Brokers report for the week Just
dosed the usual number of large deals
In local real estate. Prices are well
maintained. Purchasers are get
<lng possession cf blocks to be subdi
vided and resold. The past week has
not brought to culmination any great
transaction, but the buildings that arc
under way represent, large/ values.
Flats are doing as well as they were a
lew months ago. Ample - means . for
reaching the districts west of the ceme
teries make It unnecessary for the; pop
ulation to crowd together under a lim
ited number of roofs, and low prices
for properties, relatively speaking, con
tinue to draw ihome-builders westward
and southward. There is much activity
in the local realty, market- Berkeley,
Oakland, Alaxneda, San Mateo and oth
er sections are also giving a good ac
count of themselves, there being a good
demand for residences especially.
G. H. Umbsen & Co., in connection
with W. H. Bodley, have sold for Har
vey H- Dana the Sequoia property; on
the northwest corner of Geary and
Hyde streets, 87:7x87:6 feet and seven
story building, t;.;Mrs. Karns of Menlo
Park for $212,500. the bargain involving
the paying of $72,500 ip cash- and the
transfer to Dana of the southwest cor
ner of Taylor and " O'Farrell streets,
71x137:6 feet, on a valuation of $140,000.
Wnliam Creger has sold the north
vr oorner of Natoma and Second
sti ,jb. 46x75 feet, for $53,000.,
Car Lines and Relatively Low-Friced
Lands Attract Home Builders.
City Grows Westward
THE; SA^vFRANGISGa^GAL^^SIJNDAYgJ^
33
y. ~ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Grip and
*^g^r BhKB e&B^
No Break Down; :
One of- the great ; advantages : of *Dr.
Humphreys' "Seventy-seven'jLia that its
tonicity. sustains ithe ; system during and
after the attack. So there is no break-
down. jgp^KMM^BMyBfflSWft|jWaH
'. \ Half the misery . of a . CQld ,1s r the
prostration, the lassitude, the slow con-
valescence. A ;; cureiby\''77'',!ls?aVcom-.
plete cure;no aftermathfof weakch'est,
tender *- throat r lori^: stopped-up U'theadr-
When ; you're ? cured,*. you're cured," and
that's; the .'end v of. it.' ; : *" ¦'S-.lYj : •. ;
¦'.'77";ls;"a small vial; of .pieasant pel-'
letq that, fits the ¦ vest : pocket-?-ever.
handy. . .- .' '.' ' "¦ :¦ ..:. '.",:.¦":.".•¦¦'¦ '¦ : ".
-.-.M"43ruj!rgi8ta'.- 25 cent»'««ch.'or. mailed., ; :
¦•¦' Humphrey«-Med!cln« Co.^lCor.';Wimani and'
John . Streets. ;JCew...York.- ; '¦ . -,-¦¦ .¦ . ••= •>.-. ¦?¦
APVKRTISiaiirXTS.
THE VALUE OP CHARCOAL.
Few People Knew How Useful It Is in Pre-
ferring Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the palest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize Its value when taken into
the human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose.
Charcoal Is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better: It is not a
Arae «t all, but simply absorbs the
cases and' impurities always present
In the stomach and Intestines and car-
ries them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
r mokin?. drinking or' after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears . and im-
proves the complexion. It whitens the
teeth arid further acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic .
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All. druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal ar.d the roost for the money is
in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they
are composed of the finest powdered
Willow charcoal, and other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather in
the form of large, pleasant tasting \o%~
cnges." th*j charcoal being mixed with
,horey.
The dally use of these lozenges will
e oon tell In a much improved condition
of the general health, better, complex-
ion. ¦• sweeter . breath an«t purer blood
and the beauty of It Is that no possible
harm can, result from their continued
use. but, on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
Ike benefits of charcoal says: "I ad-
vise Stuart"* Charcoal Lozenges to al!
patients suffering from gas in stomach
and bowels, and to clear the complex-
ion and purify the, breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver., is great-
ly, benefited by the daily use of;them;
they cost but twenty-five cents a box at
drus Etores, ar.d although in same cense
a" patent" preparation.-, yet I believe I
get rnor« cjad. better charcoal in Stuart's
Charcoal -Lozenges ¦". than ¦ in any 'of • the
ordinary charcoal tablets."
_ A JOE ROSEXDERG'S. | ROSEyBERG'S. : / | JOE * ROSENBERG'S. \ > _}¦ . JOE J R . OS^[! t j? (ys - V T JOE ROSEXBERG'S.
• '^^^MiiiS^ I °^ ¦¦'¦ PR 'CES are better than arguments. These
__^^^^^^^^SS^^N^ '''''' '^ - — : ** values do their own talking. See the goods—
'¦ ~ • ¦ WE DON'T tell yov that wc arc the only mer- % Wanted No Need o! Being Frightened.
chants on earth, or that we undersell every- W^r^^m S^ca lur"^ P y La J mdr y B " ls _
J&MMmRfM$IP\ '\ - , « x j ? 11 .u •-..-¦ / K^^*3^ftl noveltle. ln I.*.- W you have yonr Uttle one. w«r th««« ¦
MI^Mmm \\ one clsc - But wc do lcU yov tnal l! you oncc lry B^fe^^J^Srffffis^u. or^nifcr^
'3Hlll(^ 0W # tics and P"ces you will find that both arc bttB»?^r? SSSrSTZg
Iflifflv'' "• •¦"¦""• ¦'"¦ •___— -"v Nviu. ft ! rrMin cerlzed pique cloth; Pr *ce 5Oc
vBBSBFT" — "^T^^V m IaVOr OI yOlir scalloped.edgr*. with raised embroid- .,.,,.,..
A^^i&Ml l^\ J r r^~ r X^>rt = S_>O C^ i\ u • cr y work; double eyelets at each end LadieS UndersKni
Mt&fflEBBr TVMJAV^ C\7§ -vH-^^js o \V-.\ . bCCOminfi a to run ribbons or ties through; ln dlf- * J "*" VJ vu Wl)> l
' fc> -' ; *^" -*r" ""* <3> N. ' v ferent colors. Price 25c «jVl W« are rroua that we har«
WF%J&**\ O-v^VvS. nJ» rivV^ steady customer ***£**o2**jco™*» or a*** m °£ll **&£.* %? n \£'
O%^^m i'e\oi the Price Hlf3£f^ e F ?;^^ o M^^^^^^ 9^^
fBk- V "^^V -O- "7a Cutter'^ " &?££% glVJ 9 *?o d ££:\lV &SS w^h d6 a P heS^he" 11^^
' 'Sv ¦ : --^^: Brown tie or bow. Our prlce..lSWc Tn" 8 lx b uT tou5r-stlt7h^
- • > ¦ ' •' "•'';- — • .' *"*"""""". . . ~ A Few Weeks From Now ¦¦hou|d.\MSe^..?A" d ..^.Si3S5.
Interesting News To Those/ v / > WhcriYov Buy Lottery Tickets Will Be Christmas ITs an Dl Wind That Does. Not;
To thoM who are ' lookiajr for ' irood Who are ' handy' with ; • needle' for 't a<m*& r i ;»• • * chance of w. out ; or^oriny'of ?o2? 1 m52d.*S/S3S Somebody Some .Good , ¦¦
ender, green, malze\ brown, also black 18-lnch flounce with 3 rows' of torchon U ;¦ ., W in these . you - should _ not L 'A !?'L a t?"!, 8 ,,.^ that and belnc^ a oref Jrred custtm.r'
and white. Monday and Tuesdays lace insertion and tucks; also lace on | W miss this opportunity. They cara_ case lnsl «l«toin atch the bag. In S" h "* Ser tflemoh7d u^to S5«-
prices :^:;™%^£™&*^ black, t^d brown. Prtce.fif.OO iS^»
SilK Tallcta Ribbon DcalTurKish HHHlHi^^He^
Alpaca finish, coraedledre; made of +"" ; " - -, : \ ' CVShiOD COVCTS ' " \ : \ . \^SiSS\Sn^
¦'S!t^ rt i5 1 SJaTi of d^a*p.^ffl Mothers ,v :$S^iou^^ 1 K&?&fiR: , jy. h.t. jn^ f« w .ir^. 'u^xes- YwmLmJL of s.*iai.
colors includinK black and wh ft V- no "Who ara looking for . newest styles and shapes; also some */• *¥& Made of renulne Torklsa and thread. hUrh neck and lonsr sleevu.
exagleration hire— "the^ bo^a T won't Unde^reir for thTllttle . J» ; . of the 1906 styles. Prices range from g*L JL t a g estr y. cloth ; in green. Jersey knit: the shaped kind; neck fin-
stand for it " The real '5c ou^lltv ones, here's some that /j&2\ JD to $84 a dozen: we will divide these ,P«S**L. red. yellow and blue; a ished with beading; and lace.
wil? be on sale on o w barKaln counters you will be pleased with. *££& in 3 lots. . .• 5Oc. 81.00. 81.5O T^^^^=- tassel in each cor- Pants to match, ankle length: French
win De on sale on our bargain counters i qua lity and the' low rSWT Thoso who come early will have a S^'W 25 1 S che3 , 3C l uar u e - t)and; buttons on the sides; fleece lined*,
Ior IOC prlce Made of S ea Isl- ¦ .KflUL-e - good storv- to tell to their neighbors >* 6 * B^^ finished ready for the in white only. As Ions as the quantity
/i n .j H,,.. and thread, fleece lined. W^» \Fw Viv* $***&-?*' cushion. Price 23c . lasts A garment i.T»C
bOOd MCWS - swiss ribbed; high neck. »*J^ ¦ L^|#^ ..- ; :' . XADXEST TiaHTS-^The AiamsU.
— • Ju«t received «. i^rtrm long sleeves. Pants. ankle Tn Tin Awn v With Hnt Ti»nn« Another ' anallty; the perfect kind; tlarht fltttay •
B fainmm£^p«!?<J£.*£5£5 length. ' French band; in 10 UO AW3y WlUl llOt ITOnS «**wimvi ankl« length; swLss ribbed: stain- •
gSrall ivSr^ Dou^le Cele Wo a vln gray and white; medium weight. Price only tura or fr ?^^' W^ S T-Made of iron- less black: ma4s. of the best American
Wnfllr Ptager Tip Gloveg. You ;••"••••• 2oc JE~i , crack the hair. ther« i« US- *«MhaWe^ colU??- cutts Sd thread ' Prlce *••.* 50c
ors. all qualities and all sizes. Here's ge ow w* *«* «*** "A 0^:. H Ma!d. of A* avi « n ? \ h \ hal l' ¥°F e Price.... 81. <o veiling O ddt aad ind«, /S CgCe£&. .4
xr^Li^jr'?^- ssaH fBK&KBs'^^ii **^* %-Pr™ >h™ one-hour sale • . ear Sa&jajss mm
clasp; in tan, gray, onion, champagne, UfiC-llUvH JALC '¦¦ _ ; _ j _ , We will put on sale twelve . ¦ embroidered dots; " they teSa^fasl
gun metal, also black and *hite. Price rBO M NIHX TO UK O'CLOCK. TOOl the Cold Weather, It Will opaline. fh"""S • /ff^S ??rT*to Tnf yard 6 " TcT mfl?®*'
................................ o ¦ Or for toe flr«% fifty Shortly Be Here. • Ported, kind 27* inches P^J Not one sold less than 2oc ,
Ill^t DeCfivrfl Sftmr NnvpHiP« /^TV\ lftdi "- Here's your oppor- """»"J ***- "*' 1 r» wide; in pink, blue.. brown.. 6*. » ¦} a yard, and many of th*m
JU51 KCCCIVCa iOmC IiOVeiUeS A> T tunity to.buy.a By tfettinsr some of these flannelette nlle, cardinal, green, laven- W ' W as high as 7k a yard. <Sst not con-
Xn onr faU Eiderdown Jackets. Sere : LtS*/ «,! Bwlss Yokel Clock, made garments:.- ; .... der, black and white. Price. \A W ><J? SldereS Choice of My apiece..lOc
. is one made of all-wool • eiderdown, in L» * of hand-carved wood. CHILD'S QOWW— Made of «trtoed- y ard <>« «aerea. v-ooice 01 any. a piece. .in-
fancy striped patterns. Deep sailor Va v, v V Jvoryharu* 3 and numbers, ; Cinderella tew" dee^ yoke.-solia Hatnhl^
collar, satin bound, crocheted . all XLlV long brass, chains, .with a -color; machinestitched braid^in fancy I Jlflfe^ Have Yhll YrtUT Nrw * 1 "lr UUi .'._-. 1
.around the edge and sleeves with Ger- 7*^ jL heavy bronze , weight- at- patterns; extra wide sleeve; cuffs and Lat " C5 » nayc xou * ovr Mftd . OI orolde> nm# mc ies lca«r*n*
braid: trimmed 40 match.. Price FaU WdSt? nfg^ly^ifhed^eVr^a^n^urif
black. Price $1.15 :.- AA . _. , _ . . - - - ' " •••••¦uou we received all onrs. and looking. In many different styles _to
900 Yards Torchon Lace Ladies' Gown mr .they «. h«. f« , 0 « ia- choose from, price .............^oc
Mntnerc -- . — ,. •*.¦*. -•»¦-¦. _ ¦ *'***"*'•* w" \ uLy spection, and we know they » *• j * _j
1 VUUlCFi .^ y> ...... •. , Made of En»li»h thread, extra fine 'Made of heary strloed /JOT\ wiU please you— more so A bOOd JUd&e .
• __^ One wordto you-^re rou - ; ?f«?rag es^j5 e ood p^«^ rd ktod - Vc M' fl • fl«iSelette. fa^cy yoke: /ftM the price Here's one made . -. Mu5 have ,-tootn e«e-
gSr-- foinsr to buy any dolls for the 1 -4 inches wide. Price, yard 3c *J -W ln Bolld colors; cuffs of imported colored sateen A^C|ys rtSee ¦ «Td leiniiSS
iSPl&l/ holidays for the little ones? . / - t «.. . c 4$MLlW collar and yoke silk OliiTi in polka dot effects; Persian K \fkfc?S?P ¦ hrmV#.w!f^«j^t nTvloo.l
«W|? If so. you. should not fail to Another Great Offcrmji Far feather stitch, trimmed band trimming down the WtiF? &|I for Tlw must have
Q±M visit our bargain basement. D . ,--, . . -, * Tt^JJi double yoke back; in pink VNXjT front, cuffs and collar to exoerience and learning
f 1^^^* We will have many thousands BelOW Wholesale COSt - : ; «mm and blue stripes; generously match; tucked down the K IM It sterns Is thouehauSfe '
on display Monday. If you are " _;, rlll :- ' v ».« , ¦ I I'"! made in width and length. " back, also the front: navy Ifevlv «mT howSs bw
a judge or not we would lika «S&^ If « WU1 Jacobs & Co.'s . Small in price 95c and brown. Price Sl.OO '•*!»& f3?ft w, S r V ,rnm n,
¦££ V h B E U J5 e vW BtMWr nrnowfi ¦„.. n U the quantity^ we that .
reasonable the PriJe^ CutteT -77 ¦ SerSa^from the AtlSn- Wade of TwlU n »aisy. flannelette. HaiT BrilSheS . are hard to please- .we would like to :
reasonaDie me ±rice . ouuer ¦* v- . . tic to the Pacific oceans who double • flounce; ¦. tallor-stltched seams; ¦• - • have come and inspect these.
S6 THE xina^J^/y;- "oei" not 3S8d£3K .the feench ban d; in pink, blue and cream. Ton m D ?rt! V Ma?. - 'o7 9 «olS SAWM'.HOBWOUto of Am«ta
ed^inche^onTb^fueh^a. | Mj' faV?^Td «mbhf' PrlC ° 45c w*ood b?c\Tand ha^dle^wUh' "fear ?****> ' t^" l » 1 «|* -atin tol.h. 40- ;
long curly hair. Scotch cap (_*gffg> ' •H^ 8 l 1 dr t * w "^!,yf;5 0 f?lte' ' / ¦ . . \ white sanitary hog bristles, put ln by S*?*, 0 2 u ,* llty ' s P« clal heel and toe.;
a^f^mm^^mBB^m \ : ntRosENBERG sts-^-f Wm§l0m
T-.tl«* «« H»»» Tnmk r:,',: them for;33.;perfcent.Qff .the original . || I IF '¦¦¦ ; w Wi«ilt#fcill W LaQICS lUlJlOnaS ¦' M - Good Judges find they are worth more
lOIiet Or naiT tOmD ¦ selling price.: Yqu'Upow, how. reason- yyi, _ PRIrF riiTTP» Made of flannelette, in col- rAJ^L than the price we ask - P afr -•*»«
. Made of unbreakable rubber... eight. -able wevcan j^eU.thrfm. f9r«AOw: /£•-;- w ¦ - '™ E PRICE CUTTER ored Persian effecta and So- /Q«\ iAUXSS', HOST—The out size, or f or
Inches lone, with ecod firm teeth. &0c quality, sample .price,. "jtc QIC U<irl/n» e* ' II nic«f»ll e» man atrl Pes. Sleeves, down / ffj%} itont women. Made of Trench thread,
'.highly polished... The kind that .will -. 6c qualltyrsample price.;. ...SOc- 010 MalKBI 5T. II U r«rreil M. the front and neck finished -/BmSt' stainless black, reinforced heel, toe
not scratch or pull your hair. You will $1.00 quality,' sample price. . (jfie - „-_- „ TO . with a solid colored band. In MffiM and soles; extra wide and lonsr. velvet
find the price, less than anywhere $1.50 quality, sample price. . .Sl.OO ", MAH OBSEBS SOLICITED. red, gray and blue. Price.. E&SJEO finish. Experts ln hosiery will more
quoted in Frisco. Our price.... . 15c ,r $2.25 quality, sample nrtrtw. «i r.A %^: -:¦"•-¦¦'¦ ¦ J O8c than appreciate these *or **z c
I Your money hack Iff -not Jtatisfiad I
DO YOU SUPPOSE that a company with a capital of $500,000.00, paid in fall, and the proud reputation v K'|
ga of 33 years of continuous success, would make such an offer and not carry it cut to the letter? • ., ;*/ f«
IS . '-' : - ' • •. , DO YOU SUPPOSE* we would -Jeopardize .our standing with the public and our/" I: 1 J
HI chances of still greater success by failing to fulfill any promise we make? ., ' • ¦<!
nav- k^»4^h DO y 9 U SUPPOSE we would make such an offer If. we did not have the utmost,. * m\
Eat''' \X Pi^Ka*HH confidence in the satisfying quality of our goods? - ». . •:-.•- . / Wmt
I |Hi«iH WE KNOW we caQ P le ase you and save you money, for HAYNER WHISKEY goes jjj
19 iU81|P«iwl rom our distillery to you, with all its original richness and flavor, carrying a mtz
tM W^SJSjM. united STATES REGISTERED DISTILLER'S GUARANTEE of PURITY and J' : J
89 ttJ|i5g5&)gpf AGE, and saving you the big profits of the dealers. That's why it's best for medicinal jp;f
Slf Ka'^.iiTwS purposes. That's why it's preferred for other uses. That*3 why we are regularly §U|
I Hrfi^uil supplying over half a million satisfied customers. That's why YOU should try it. ; Your RJ
I fi^H direct from our distillery to YOU §
i Sdves dea!ers ' P rofitSl preYenfs adulteration. r|
¦ s^K)mhMH^S «tfev*'*^c3iHHBE ti'.-ii^K a^^^^lSBH^^^QL l**-^- s. BB99I ¦' ¦l^^l II vt^^sl ISSBnF^^^B * - * fefM Cf w& ¦ KlCii
'H^^^H' flllR tUFFFR We will send you FOUR FULL OUAflTBOHLES of HAYNER f\
\ I^^^^^^^^W>" Mll; .. :UrirCSl1 ;3EVEN-YEAR.6lD RYE for $4.00, and we will pay the M
Ew^M^^^^W^^&% express charges. When you receive the whiskey, try it and if you don't find |-|
¦'¦^^^^SfffS^^^^^^^m " a11 nght and S ood as >* ou ever used or can bu V from anyDody else at any Wi
-^^^^^^^^S^^^^j"s Price, then send it back at our expense and your $4.00 will be returned to you -•81
fc^g^^^^^^^^^l by next mail. How could an off e> be fairer? We take all the risk and stand g|
ll^^^^^S^SS^M^^^i a 4 tho_expense, s if the goods do not please'yon. .Won't yon let nssend you a p~q
\wS§^^^^W^^^^^^0 trial order? We ship in a plain sealed case, no marks to show what's inside. ;,'!
i^^^^P^^P^^^^ f^^^ you. don't want 4 quarts yourself, join with a friend. £U
.jBarafciisgSglre^aag'^* <$e-}$i& - .. A Hayner quart Is an honest quart of 33 ounces, 4 to th- gallon. All iother high-grids gS
¦^*WO firaljp^ k^> i * re pUt Up ' n ttte * that **'*' 5 to make a gallon. We give ons-fourtb more in every ft^'l
I EST ?^ D THE HAYMER DISTILLING COMPANY ¦'8KB v -- : Ii
Wt 4<» ST. LOUIS, MO. ST. PAUL, MIMW. DAYTON, 0. ATLANTA, GX MSession is Enlivened by Contest Be
tyreen Students and
Goes; to San' Jose.
BENICIA, . Oct. 2 3.— The semi
annual convention of the Debating
HIGH SCHOOL DEBATERS §£fi
CONVENE - IX BE2TCCIA
League of California was held here
to-day. Delegates from many high
schools and other institutions were
present. M. Boyd of San Jose High
School won the declamation contest.
The next convention of the league
will : be held in San Francisco next
ApriL "i
: Stratton has - t _ selected = the
sites - 1 or j , the • three
tojbe] located ;! on -tne, waterjfront. On
the .. wharf | between \ Gifeent and fUnlon
BtfeetBifa^ twenty^tdri^scale^, will > : : be
built. 1 ;' OmHowardr^betweeri^Nos. 1
arid t^,;ja!nd; between
Maine ¦ andfBealei stFeet^a^t^e^^ton
scale^is'tofebeeconstructed:; Li ¦/¦/¦¦ .
; (Llit ',' of r Lights, I Buoys ; and I Daymarks, p&
clflc Coagt,; : 1904. ; paie' S3.) - *;>; v^ ;^T* . < , !
iL Notlcejs hereby^ given; that ; outer/ end -Bouth
Jetty.' buoy,' ? m.'}, flrst-claaa ; »par/i red/i 7 No.>. 2 l
heretofore • reported - adrift, i was ¦ replaced ! Octo
ber > 25.- In' twenty-eight t feet -. of j water, v, on » tha
following '• bearings : '¦;¦•¦ Humboldt • unused :¦ light- ¦
house;? NE-by^K ,%"-E;itree;on:KediBluff iSB
by , v B - : % '¦ E; ' Humboldt % llKhthouge, V S «% t E.*
By ' order; of j the : lighthouse , boardr4«iliffianBgt
, . . . + ¦¦ W.-P. 'DAT,
Commander, U. ' 8.1 N., 4 ' Inspector Twelfth L,fcht
- boun Dlitrlct. .'-:¦¦• - '- s;
Notice 1 to ;• Mariners.
HUMBOL.DT ; BAlC' CALIFORNIA;
James ; D. Phelan, . president- of the
Bohemian ; ; Club^. and other "sons of
the^ big, brown owl" who have "been
traveling abroad , were welcomed i home
in fine style , at . the ' jinksroom of ) the
club,!' last night. ; They /-were ''told
about all] the .things that \ happened; in
the f redwood while'.; they 'were
"sojourning ; at ¦ Thel function"
'was S handled .• in •¦ excellent . form •. by* J."
Wilson* Shiels," j/c.' r Wilson and Charles
sV- Aiken : of \ the V jinks commlttee.S .
'„:¦¦ There will be a ;, Democratic ; mass
meeting "at; the. AlhambraT'^rheater to
rnorrow^eyening.y George ; E.* Chamber
lain, . Governor "of »¦ Oregon; v James "j D.
Phelan and ¦ Franklin K. Lane will s dis
cuss ¦ the': issues ' of ; the day.* The , Par
ker arid ; Davis J Glee '' Club will . reridef
campaigri songs., The you^g- ladles em-,
ployed.by the; telephone' company ; ; wlll,
it^is''8aid; ; attend.!wlth'lthelrJgVntle^"n
friends TasVa ; token, of •ithelr; apprecia
.tlon' of < thie^ efforts i Governor! Cham-]
berlalri' to -obtain, some concessions": in
their.- interests i in ; the , present strike in
the Portland i office ¦ of ; the ''} telephone
company.;* . ¦ • . ' .'^
Chamberlain AVill Speak.
;"•¦. HAYWARDS, . Oct. . SD.-^Followed
by hundreds .of mourners who knew
him in life, the remains of Dr. A. J.
Dean were laid to -rest ; to-day in the
Catholic' Cemetery, of Haywards! The
funeral,*- which was held ? from . All
Saints'.-^ '; Church r at JLO '- &: m., was at-r'
tended ; by : nearly "every one '¦ of ¦ prom
inence y in ' Hay wards.'! " The ¦'¦_ day, .was
observed as '_ one"; of : : mourning - and
nYost . of Uhe places of (business were
closed. ¦¦*; Flags .were , at "half-mast as a
.token* of r.esDect^ toUhe memory of . one
who had j ever/proved ¦ himself a friend
toTthe ; ill and ¦ needy", r ' ;
>:.;Pfeviousytb"' T thiBy._aerVice3i"->at : ; the
church '. a special . service f was - held \ at
the • late^ residence , of [ the . deceased 'by
the i arid'T a^delegrationVof ='the
"members • of Oakland *, Lodge ; No.1 1 7 1 of
the ¦'? Elks, -.v'.The^BeVvice/. which '; : was
'conducted by J. ' M." • Shanley, "exal ted
ruler," - r of the" lodge,; arid ; George W.
Frick, I was : in {compliance with; a spe
cial .. reauest r of ' Dr. Dean before his
death?- - m '- • -S " f {l-'.i \'-^I^S^SBSBi
The 'I service -, at '¦¦'.the-;' church :was
conducted?. by,"; the) RevI^ Father} Lally, ;
assisted Father, Cottier Father'!;Con
qulemfmaMTvmsi celebrated.
The t ollowinsr i is the .. programme of
music, at Golden^GatePark to-dav:;
March, "TheiStar of Destiny" (Dew
ey).' . ; .' : '? : V ¦¦¦•¦•:'..¦¦¦:¦ ,-v : -^'
Overture, "Caliph of Bagdad" (Boil
dieu). - • : V '
"Waltz, "Jolly. Fellows" :(Vollstadt).
Selection ; from ''K.lhg : Dodo"(Luders);
¦ Hungarian* Rhapsodle]No^ 2 ? v (IJszt) .•*'¦•
Overture^- "Ruy, Bias" -'(Mendelssohn).'
Variations on German Volksong
(Ochs).
Reverie, "The RoseVsi Honeymoon?
(Bratton); -
''Album Leaf; /(JEL- Wagner).^
Benediction of the Polgnarda i (Meyer
beer). •
"America."
Music in the Park.
TOWN DRAPED
IN MOURNING
The steamer 1 San , Jose sailed^ yesterday > for
the isthmus of Panama." and way ports with a
general merchandise! cargo .valued: at; $112,970,
to . be distributed as? follows :" ." For : Mexico,
$389; Central "America,' $34,825; Panama, $2080;
Colombia,'' $263; 3' ; New;. York/; $74,304;° Trinidad
Island, , $184;! Jamaica,t $225 ;^; Belgium. 1 $700."
Among , the principal ' shipments were the fol
lowlns: . ', >, ¦}. ' ¦:. - ". '.-¦\-:'*-,- . ' - - < '\'. •¦ ' t-:; " -J.
.-.To Mexico— 240; gals -win*,- J 10* bam lron| v . 2
ci drugs, 1 cs arms and ammunition.
To C«ntral America— 2667 bbls , flour, 2068
gals 36 cs wine," 87 cs 10 pals whioky, 49 pkijs
mineral water, - 33 pkss <' beer.i 100.300 lbs • salt,
0460 . lbs beans, : 39,433 lbs X rlce,?1080 lbs : tea,"
362' pkgs potatoes.^ 667 I lbs 1 cs bread,- 30 < pk rr
fresh - f rultK, 1047 lbs ; 2 cs nuts, 1.1S cs canned
goods, 62 * pkgs' groceries 'and? provisions, , 447
lbs 2 , cs '. dried .fruit; • 1665 " ctls > corn.-. 1737 lbs
epic*. 1430 lbs 6 c« .- raisins,. 870 ? lbs ; meals,
780 lbs 'codfish, 24,000 , lbs: cement, » 391 cb\ coal
oil 13,340 , lbs ¦ tallow, . 17 r, bdls ' 47« bars ' steel,
2C00 raUroad ties, 2 bdls leather/. 6 bdls shook*.
60 "reels barbed -» wire, 7 * 8 rbbls 1 .13 jes^tar,"- 01
pkgs ' paints r and ¦; oils.'* X8 S pkgs dry ? cooda, 8
cs arms and ammunition,". 100 crts ' roofing . ma
terial.-; 10 i crts bricks, -; 5 v. flasks :" quicksilver,'
2024 lbs zinc, 03 bdls Iron, 20 cs electrical sup
plies. ¦.-¦ ; ; :' ;¦ '-"' .¦-^' ;' ¦' iV ¦ ", ¦ l
• To ¦ Panama — 100 ' bblg flour, J 8030 ; lbs / beans,'
30.000 lbs salt, 901 lbs sugar, 90 crts potatoes
250 crti onloni, 50 crts garlic, 24,000 ft lum
ber.". f - ¦'' ¦ -•' -• '"¦¦.¦"¦.¦-¦:¦:.,... ¦¦;¦ ¦¦.,.¦-,'. -v
, To Colombla-^-1040 lbs beans, 54 bbln flour -'
.To 'New ."York — 82,1.54 •- pals wine 582 gals
brandy. 3000 lbs meals. 10O0 flasks quicksilver
4978 gals ; sperm : oll,"< 15,880 lbs dry, hides. * 253
eks cattle horns," 25 s bales , rags. ¦-¦'•¦. ¦ •
¦, To Trinidad ; lsland-r-46 \ cs ; canned > fruit,'
; To*Jamalca-4>0 cs • canned ea.lmon. '-¦:¦'•¦ r- ~
To Belgium— 50,000 lbs dried v prunes. "¦< ,'
Exports by ; the Panama Steamer.
The Oceanic, steamship ; ;, Alameda,
Captain , Dowdell, '. sailed 5 ; yesterday.; for.
Honolulu t wlth'thirtyrflvercablri,; pas
sengers and. 1700 ;tbns of i freight. \ ..;': ''
'i :\At ' noon * yesterday the ; Pacific ; Mail
steamship ; San ; Jose . left for ¦ Panama
and .way ports.' She had aboard ; near
ly %2000 -tons of " flour, wine * and ,'gen
eral " merchandise. - There .- were 1 twen
ty-five passengers in the. t cabin v and
many, more in- the steerage. The [cabin
list isj as follows: 'V, Dr. F. .Lenhbff
,Wyid, iwif e and servant; C; F. : Bema, :
Ernesto: Mathews, ; ; B.\ Boodriax, ; W. ;~ S.
Ascoli.'E. M^ Ascoli.C. Ll
Dr. C.^ D.' Allen .. and , wife, 'George ¦ R.'
Ewart, Jariies/C. '¦) Karkwell, - Albert
Raas/ : "A'.': H.\ HarisonV George ; F.vNew
comb,' Harry] J. ' Miller," Donald^ J.* Mc-
Kay,-' J. ,; E." v Barriar d, f A.' - C. Sprout, > J.
.W.7 Richards, ?* H. - Alvarez, S. Swerer,'
F. F. Miller,' Walter." Ma'rrow, : . D. Coh^
: - N :- - '.":?.; ¦ "'. ,¦¦':/ - : .
Two Liners Sail.
J.Townsend, night clerk at; the Cap
itol * House, . saw ' the robbery^ arid'blew
a' police whistle. Policeman' Mahbhey
responded, but the highwaymen
escaped.
Two masked men held up Herman
Hartjg in front of the Capitol House at
Jackson and San some streets last night
and relieved , him of ! $15. , Hartig "(was
about to enter the house when a pistol
was pointed at [ his head. , . A* : tall; man
with a white handkerchief over his
fade held the revolver, -while^ man fof
shorter build went > through Hartig's
pockets.
His, Home. «
Herman Hartlg Waylaid Just as : He
.AVas About : to Enter ;
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 29.
The chanting of the "co-ed" will not
cheer the heroic brave to the on
slaught on the day of the big football
pame November 12. The women of
the University of California at a
meeting held to-day declared . against
"rooting" for the wearers of the blue
and gold on that occasion. There will
be no "rooters' "~ section set apart
Xor the representatives of the gentler
sex at the University of California.
The plan to have a separate root
ing section for the women students
originated with Miss Alice • Joy, a
sophomore student, wljo wrote the
prize football song of the year. Her
efforts to give identity as "rooters" to
the "co-eds" upon the occasion of the
big varsity game did not meet with
the approval of her sisters. A special
meeting of the Associated Women Stu
dents was called this . afternoon. . at
which. the disapprobation of the body
was voiced against /such demonstra
tion. Further than attendance at the
game, the women will take no active
part in the play.
HELD UP AND ROBBED
BY- MASKED IHGHWAYMAX
[ Inspect our new brick warehouse, - ready to re
ceive household roods exclusively Nov. 1. Only
brick warehouse In city. Bektns Van & Storage
Co., 1016 Broadway. Oakland. 1 Tel. , Main 007.*
The matter was discussed by the Ala
meda County Board of Education to
day, and in this connection Chairman
of the Board P. M. Fisher said: *
"This is an important matter to the
high schools of the State. As the law
now stands pupils where there . is no
high school can attend In neighboring
districts free of charge. This, law wa3
passed for fhe purpose of helping pupils
In sparsely settled districts,, but has
been taken advantage of by districts
not within the meaning of the statute.
"To illustrate this,' in our own county
Fruitvale is sending ; Its pupils* to .the
Oakland and Alameda high schools.
Pleasanton is sending its pupils to the
Llvermore schools free of cost. This has
resulted in an. overcrowding. In; the
case of both Fruitvale, and Pleasanton
these districts are fully, capable of
maintaining high i schools of their own,
but are not apt to build them so long
as they can use, those near, at hand."
In order to prevent the high schools
of the State from being overcrowded
by an influx of pupils from districts
where there are no schools of an ad
vanced grade it was decided at a meet
ing of the. County Board of Education
to-day to have an amendment intro
duced in the Legislature to change the
law so that pupils from outside dis
tricts will' have to pay the difference
between what the State contributes to
ward the maintenance of high schools
and the actual cost of conducting them,
which difference is estimated at $85 a
year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
, 1016 Broadway, Oct. 29.
CO-EDS REFUSE
TO BE ROOTERS
HIGH SCHOOLS
FOR DISTRICTS
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were : Issued by
the_ County Clerk to-day: Malf red L.
Paulson, 26, Oakland, and Jean \i C.
Samuelson, 25, Berkeley; Fred Dahl,
33, and Rose McNeil, 28, both of Oak
land ; Antone H. Lewis, 21, Centerville,
arid Mamie I*- : Nunes, 18, Oakland ;
John W. Browning, 41, and Anna Enl
son, 40, both of Oakland; James • R.
Kenna, 26, and Blanche C. Morse, 26;
both of Oakland; John S; Marshall/ 22, 1
and Mary Correia, 17, both of. Oak
land; Louis "W. Carpenter, 28, and An
nie'M. Fisher, 23, both of Oakland.
3Iarriage Licenses.
H. "W. Wills, 'assistant manager ; of
the Str Francis, who has been in the
East for two' months, returned yester
day.
Reese Llewellyn, a well-known
young foundry, man of - Los Angeles;
was among yesterdays' arrivals at the
Palace.*
> ) B." M. Deutsch, who Is ' connected
with a . big", manufacturing concern of
New, York, is' registered at the Palace. J
He is on his , way \ to the City, of -^Mex
ico. ' ' ¦ ¦ . ¦/¦ ' >~ ' V . .
Barry Blagrave, ' .a , noted London
turfman , and stock breeder, and his
.wife are registered at the, Palace.
¦.Frederick V.;-Holman, a prominent
attorney, of Portland,- has' been a guest
at the St. Frariclsfbr several days.'
Dr. , Stewart and .wife : of ' Los "Ange?
les are at the Palace.- * ..
W. J*. Ridge, a Goldfleld mining
man, is at the Palace. ',."
/. -Attorney T. A. Work, of Pacific
Grove is at* the Grand.
E. R. Parmelee, a Los Angeles busi
ness man, is at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. W. S. ? Fowler of Ba
kersfield are at' the, Grand.
E. A. Sterling of the United States
Bureau of -Forestry is at the Occi- ;
dental.
/,W. B. Standeford left last Thurs
day for a visit, to -St. Louis and the
exposition. . - N ' .'•*:
PERSONAL.
The meeting was held in Black
man's Hall under the auspices of the
Fruitvale Republican Club and was
called to order by President E. H.
Marwedel. The affair was one of the
most enthusiastic of the present cam
paign and was largely attended.
last night, when John Aubrey Jones, a
former Democratic nominee for Con
gress against Victor H. Metqalf, in
open meeting declared himself for
Roosevelt and Knowland. He spoke
eloquently of the candidacy of Joseph
Knowland for Congress from the
Third Congressional district and said
that he was glad to be in a 'position
to do all in his power to aid - in the
election of the Alameda man who had
been his friend and one he had ad
nrired many years. The speech Tras
received with cheers. '
OAKLAND, Oct 29. — Impetus rras
given the Knowland campaign at a
big Republican rally held at Fruitvale
' The meeting closed with an address
by Attorney George W. Reed, \ who
represented this district as a member
of the National Convention; that met
at St. Louis and * nominated Roose
velt and Fairbanks. He described
that political gathering and was able
to bear weighty testimony as to the
honesty of purpose and the integrity
ot those who took part *in the man
agement of that assembly.
During the meeting an address was
made bv Justice of the Peace Wil
liam R. Geary in behalf of R. H. E.
Espey, who, owing to illness, had to
abandon an active campaign for a
short time. He has returned, how
ever, physically benefited by rest and
assures his friends he is ready, with
renewed vigor, to enter, the fight for
the ticket. He is a candidate of the
Assembly from the Forty-sixth Dis
trict and it is predicted that he will
win his seat handily and have votes
to spare.
No Longer in Democratic Camp
J.Aubrey Jones Out
for His Friend
Favors Candidate Knowlanc
The funeral of Miss Oglio will be
held at 2 p. m. to-morrow from For
esters' Hall under trie auspices of Ver
bano Circle No. 458, C. F. O. A., of
which she was a member.
F. Simpson of San Pablo, to whom
Miss Oglio was to have been married
on Sunday, November 6, is now on his
way to this city and will arrive in time
toattend the funeral. Miss' Oglio' had
no 'relatives in the United States.;ex
cept her cousin, Mrs. - Falettl:* Her
father is dead and her mother lives in
Italy. *
John, E. Carberry, residing at 421
Twenty-second street, who arrived on
the scene just after the car was
brought to a stop, says that Miss
Oglio's body was wedged between the
rear truck and the fender, showing
that the car had passed completely
over her. • -
If Holaday's statement as to the
speed of s the car is true, it is difficult
to understand how the girl could have
been dragged 150, feet after all the
wheels on the inside rail had passed
over her. , ' .
Responsibility for the death of Miss
Stella Oglio, who was killed by a
Shattuck-avenue car last' night at
Forty-sixth street and Shattuck ave
nue, will be determined at the Cor
oner's inquest, which has been set for
next Monday, evening, at 6: 30 -o'clock.
Mrs. Amelia Falettl, Miss Oglio's
cousin, who was with the girl when
she was killed, says that the car which
struck Miss Oglio was at a standstill
at Forty-fifth street when they went
out into the street and that Miss Oglio
and herself were- in plain view of the
motorman, in the light from the head
light of the other car.
• On the other hand, Charles W. Hola
day, the tnotorman in charge of
the car, says that his car was only
running about five miles an hour and
that he did not see the unfortunate
girl until the car was. within a few fee"t
of her, to» late to prevent the tragedy.
Holaday says that he at once shut oft
the ; current and applied the brakes
with all his force.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
, '1016 Broadway, Oct. 29.
: "You ; are "a pretty father," she cried,
"to have four children and then act in
this \ way with a • young woman. You
should be- ashamed of yourself, as I am
for you.V Shame on you!"
Angell did not attempt a reply, con
tenting himself with declaring that his
wife was. crazy: to "make such a spec
tacle of herself."
Miss Thompson was taken away, sob
bing X arid declaring I her • innocence '< of
any. intention . to break up a married
woman's home, happy or otherwise. She
resides : at 577 Alcatraz ; avenue and is
employed as a candy gtrl in a Shattuck
avenue store. •
"Angell was In charge of a Euclid ave
nue caiv last night and Miss Thompson
met' him ' by; appointment. ' He sent her
a special: delivery letter, unsigned, but
she says she knew it was from. him.
They rode to Stanford place and Addi
son street, Lwhere the car stops to make
a return trip. Angell got off the car to
change-his trolley, and then Mrs. An-_
gell appealed oh the scene. Her attack"
upon Miss Thompson was begun In
stantly, the girl being unable to defend
herself,' so 'swift ] and furious' was the,
onslaught. Quantities of the young
woman's hair remained in Mrs. Angell's
hands as trophies of the combat. V- .
Mrs.' Angell left her home to-day and
neglected to state where she had gone';
Angell -dodged 'all inquirers.; > Miss
Thompson alone stood :. the brunt . of
questioning and frankly narrated the
story of the affair. She alleges having
been Ignorant that ' Angell was married'
and says she intended no wrong when
she 'went to meet him on his car.
Enraged by the \ discovery that ; her
husband had; made an appointment
with a young woman to meet ; him ; on
the street car of which he was conduct
or, Mrs. Charles Angell last night beat
Miss Jennie '-Thompson, ithe offending
maiden, ; and pulled the young woman's
hair until bystanders interposed to pro
tect the helpless girl.
Despoiled of ; her victim, Mrs. Angell
then ; , turned and ; scored her husband
for what she termed his "villainous
conduct." . ' '•¦-¦'-. ¦ ' . * ¦
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct; 29. , ';
OAKLAND. Oct. 29.— Infuriated at
what they considered an unwarranted
Interference with their rights, a band
of gypEles encamped near. High street,
in Fruitvale, this afternoon made a
vicious attack upon Deputy Coroner
Henry Quellen when he attempted to
remove the body of Philip Stergue, the
child of a member of the tribe, to the*
Morgue.
Quellen tried to explain the 'case to
them, but the elder members "of the
band refused to listen to him and drove
him from the camp, threatening him
¦with death if he attempted to touch the
body. ggg
The boy. who was only 6 years old,
died to-day after an illness of two days,
and as no physician was in attendance
Finding that he could not cope with
the angry members of the band, the
deputy left' a notice that they would
not be allowed to inter the ! remains
until the case had been disposed of by
the Coroner and returned to Oakland,
leaving the body in possession of the
tribe. Dr. Daniel Crosby, who was
called when the child was first taken
sick, said that the boy seemed to be
suffering from lockjaw or spinal men
ingitis.,.
at the time of death the case was re
ported to the Coroner. Deputy Quellen
at once went after the body, but when
he explained his errand to the gypsies
they became greatly enraged, declar
ing that he had no right to take the
body v away and refusing even to let
him examine it. ¦ •'
Motorman's Statement That
He Was Kunning at a
Slow Speed Sounds Queer
Mrs. Charles : Angell ffixes
iii Fight Witli Miss Jennie
Thompson, a Candy Girl
ROVERS VOW TO KILL OFFIGEK
IF HE TOUCHES THE REMAINS
CORONER TO PROBE CASE
EPISODE ON STREET CAB,
Blocks Removal of Boy's Corpse to Morgue
EhrageclJ^Woman Makes Fu
rious Attack on GM iii
Company^ of Her Husband
Eye-Witnesses Tell of tHe
Killing of Miss Stella
Oglio by Electric Car
BAND OF ENRAGED GYPSIES
MOBS DEPUTY CORONER.
DRAGS BODY
FIFTY YARDS
WIFE RESENTS
A FLIRTATION
THE! SAN FRANGISGO ;CALL, ; ; SUNDAY.. OCTOBER 30, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
34
THE WEALTH OF COLOR
The exquisite tints, the delicate shadings, the expression, the detail, ( the elaborate finish^
EVERY BEAUTY AND CHARM, of the world V greatest masterpieces, every impression
lleft by the individual brush of each particular master— ALL are preserved by a WONDER*
WElJWiaw I — |lfl Ml TbBBB» BUCWM i ILBJ gi MM. iil«Uj»flitj . i— >iW "^JM i s ~^MtT\ *¦" ¦""» J ¦' ' t • . ¦ . '
! FUL : MODERN. PROCESS and with marvelous fidelity to the originals, in the splendid
series of ART SUPPLEMENTS reproduced from the
:^= FAMOUS PAINTINGS
Of All Nations Now on Exhibition in the
PALACES OF ART at the •¦;.': : : : :
Louisiana Purchase Exposition
- — GIVEN- — ' . ' '
FR.EE
Next Sunday s San Francisco Call
No. 1 SUW>AY, NOVEMBER 7tK— No. 1.
¦¦ , - ¦. - ,-¦ •-. ¦-¦- - .••« .- ¦ ¦ .. ..-'>..•
KHSflMH BV'tBt^B^^^'sfltBBfKi^^T/^^v? ''iv/fw' '•'.\?!& ¦¦&'^'iS^'i- -Jb' ¦* iir r ¦ i SfSWtMF^B? JB " / ¦ ~j&~ <r - VSW«i 2
"BETWEEN A GLASS AND A SMOKE"
.'.'> This week's picture, from the brush of the great Italian artist, Pier Celestino Gilardi,
.-, is a splendid specimen of the work of this artist. I His painting of the effect of the emotions as
seen in the expression of the human countenance is indee'd wonderful, and his. wealth of
color, as well as faithfulness to detail, contribute to the pro duction of a great picture. The
; ; faces * of the three \ old men . composing the group shown express the keenest appreciation
and pleasure' in their examination of a portfolio of pictures. SESl
1 1 Order the Next Sunday Francisco Call in Advance^
So as to k sure of gettingthis Beautiful Picture,
the first of this SUPERB SERIES, FREE. f
"THE FIRST STEP/ 1 by Mantcgarra, Wffl FoUow on November 14th.
' ADVERTISEMEXTS-
/ - ¦*• k er nature to love
" -^., , - v ,-- ¦¦¦» : : £j^^n^&^9^P^P^*3Bm ' - DCSUtll III 3- Tl O
, pure. The ordeal through .which the expectant mother must
pass, however, is so fraught \with dread, pain, suffering and danger, •
that the very thought of it fills her vrith . apprehension , and horror!
There is no necessity for the" reproduction T of life to be , eithef painful
or dangerouB. .The use of -Motnerfs Friend so prepares the system for
•the ¦coming eventj that it-is-safelyVpassed without any danger. Thi»
greats and wonderful ** .
remedy is always mMu.,j4L jSSL^ ' ,._ B
appliedexternally,and mWfffl m^ &$*
has carried thousands B WFM @Wfir U Mf Eg k&JPgls
of women through •¦^^
the trying crisis r*. without sufFering. BF^ m . — _• M _ ¦•m
Send for froo book oonUlnlnj lnlormatioB fin ?WV £S tinEl &M£ &t*£B
t priceleas Talua to all expeoUnt motaers. , BST^ BM JW O 1 ™ Mr MS B Jw
:The Bradfleld Regol.ter C^^Atlanta, 6*. ™ *¦ ¦ M «rf M f#
ADVERTISEaiEXTS.
DON'T HESITATE
The longer you put off obtaining a
bottle of Hosteller's Stomach Bitters
¦when your stomach is so weak that
you cannot enjoy your meals and the
bowels arc very constipated, the hard-
er it is going to be to effect a cure.
ferloj STOMACH j should be taken
SJKu^TTTPP^\ at tne ver y hrst
HSiJa^sr^ symptom, it win
'fttifmn $£&£&$£** always cures
W^iJM^yS^^r^ such ailments as
r J j|B|) If \-£p* ]ML TTft TJ^C^W I f vwi App6tltvj
a*^?H |^pf^^^^^1 Dizziness,'
?c^fer^ ; v' $3 indigestion,
BLflBt£*!»?E&g2~3jflM D> : spepsiE and
Cy^^B5^^^^S Malarial Fever.
¦.^^.i.'l: - ¦:¦•¦ /...-¦' .-': bottle fat Vonce.',.
WA.ZTTED — At once, names of every per-
son in California who »1U organize and di«-
¦ tribute printed matter ' to. repeal . the .'State
compulsory vaccination • law; '. write ; now • and
e«nd any financial aid. E. C. CAMPBELL,
»ecretary of ' Anti-Compulsory -Vaccination
LtifTje, 2165 Asbby. ave., Berkeley, Cal. -A. Dromlach, a Reno stockman, is
at the Grand.
INVOLUNTARY BANKRUPT.— Daniel Bar
ton, doing business at Point Richmond as Bar
ton & Co., filed a petition yesterday In the
United States District Court in involuntary in
solvency. He owes $2602 and has 1 1213 assets
POSTERS and BANNERS.— Gabriel Printing
Co.' print anything. 4ir> Sacramento st. •
Dr. J. G. Humphrey, dentist, new
Demokrat bldg:.. 51 3d St., nr. Market. •
BOARD OF ACCOUNTANCY.— The next ex
amination of candidates for certificate to prac
tice as certified accountant will be held at the
office of the Board of Accountancy. 503 Cali
fornia ntreet, Tuesday, November 15. Blank
forms of application may be obtained from the
Becreaary and should be Hied not later than
November 10.
San Benito County is normally Dem
ocratic to a decided degree, . but bets
are being freely offered at evens that
Roosevelt, Needham and Slaven will
carry the county, and no Democratic
takers are to be had. Slaven, the Re
publican candidate for Assembly, is
one of the most popular young men In
the county and the southern precincts
will go almost solidly in his favor. He
will come up to Hollister with such a
majority that the Democratic prepon
derance in the. city will count .'for. .noth
ing. Slaven has a personality that
makes votes for him wherever he' goes,
and while he has not done much cam
paigning he has .been steadily winning
Democratic vqtes. Tall, straight 1 of
limb and square of jaw, tanned and
brown, he looks the typical American,
and while at first sight he would be
sized up as a rancher, he is one of the
best educated young men of the State
and is at the head of the San Juan
school system. His personality adds
great strength to the ticket In San Be
nito County and his campaign will give
the Republicans an additional member
in the lower house of the State Legis
lature.
The outlook in the , eastern .counties
of the Sixth District admits of but one
presumption — that . Roosevelt and
Needhara will receive unprecedented
majorities— and if the other counties of
the State do as well the majority for
Roosevelt will 'run '.close to, If 'It does
not exceed, 60,000." "
During the last week Congressman J.
C. Xeedham has been through Mon
terey, Santa Clara, San Benito and San
joaquin counties, making speeches
every night and talking once or twice
to afternoon assemblages. During the
week be has addressed audiences at
Pacific Grove, Monterey, Salinas, Wat
sonville, Santa Cruz, • Hollister and
Tracy. Everywhere he has been greet T
ed with enthusiasm and everywhere he
has spoken to crowds that filled the
halls to overflowing. Prior to his com
ing leaders pf both parties had been
complaining of the general apathy of
the voters, but wherever he has been
the Republican apathy,, has been, re*
markable solely for its absence.
In Monterey County the Republicans
will make a better showing than in any
previous campaign, in point of major
ity. In the entire county the registra
tion has slightly decreased, but as a
matter of fact the registration in the
Republican strongholds is almost 50 per
cent greater than it was two years ago,
and there has been a falling off of reg
istration in Democratic districts that
has alarmed the leaders of the latter
party. J. B. R. Cooper, the Republican
candidate for the Assembly, will «arry
the county by a large majority and Sen
atorial Candidate Henry W. Lynch will
receive far more than enough votes in
Monterey County to offset any defec
tion in San Benito County, which he is
also to represent.
In Santa Clara County the Democrats
are not making a strong fight and the
election of George C. Cleveland to the
Assembly and a good majority for
Senator Rambo are conceded. Roose
velt and Needham will have even
larger majorities than were given Pres
ident McKinley and Needham four
years ago.
Republican /Victory in
This Important District
NEEDHAM'S TOUR
OF THE SIXTH
, Opposite the home of mourning a
company of police officers in full uni
form was drawn up, who, at the, ap
proach of the' flower-laden casket,
stood at attention. Among those who
paid . their last tribute to the dead
were many stalwarts who made his
tory In the turbulent days of the '60s,
when partisan spirit ran rife on the
frontier. "
The interment took place at Holy
Cross Cemetery, whence the j friends
journeyed' by car. At the grave-side
a: beautiful' service was held and the
fresh e,arth .that took to. its bosom
the 'good friend, the loving father,
the upright citizen, was piled high
with lovelv flowers — the last tribute
to the honored dead.
The church was crowded, with
friends and their sympathy went out
to the bereaved relatives, whose res
ignation to the divine law' was prayed
for by the Rev. Father Lynch.
. -"Sorrowing friends bore the body of
well-beloved' Cornelius Martin to; the
grave yesterday, * thus ' closing. ; the
beneficent "career of a man to -whom
iriendgHfp was a sacred- thing^riot a
commercial commodity. The funeral
services -were held - at - St. James
Church, where a^solemn requiem mass
was. chanted. • . . 'I , ..
ed by Hosts of Sorrowing
Friends.
Funeral of Beloved Citizen Is Attend-
When illustrated j^oet cards first
came ir.to vogue the German authori
ties were inclined to discmourage their
use, because it was feared that the
postmen would waste time looking at
them. To-day they are welcomed as a
valuable source of income, the annual
sale reaching hundreds of millions.
CORNELIUS MARTIN
. , : -. ,; BURIED. WITH HONOR
Specials for Monday and Tuesday: fcOc
Lace Stocks. 19c; 25c Handkerchiefs,
12«4c; 35e Buttonhole Collars, 19c; 35c
Taffeta Ribbon, 19c. 31-37 Grant ave. •
Greenberg & Greenberg.
An interlocutory decree of divorce
was granted by Judge Sloss yesterday
to Louisa K. Hislop, who charged her
husband, Georgre W. Hislop, a traveling
man, with infidelity. The custody of
the tiree children, a boy of 14 years
and two girls of 8 and 6 years, respec
tively, was given to the mother. The
question of alimony will be fixed on
the settlement of the findings.
The suit was begun in December last.
The trial was sensational, the husband
contesting the case bitterly, and even
producing the deposition of Violette
Griswold, the co-respondent, in which
she denied the misconduct alleged to
have taken place between herself and
Hislop at the Hotel Raleigh. During
the trial Henry A. Brown was present
in court. He was the friend of the
Hislops and has been sued by the hus
band for $50,000 damages for the aliena
tion of his wife's affections.
Cruelty to the family cow is one of
the allegations in a complaint for di
vorce filed yesterday by Annie M. Law
son against Marshal Lawson. She also
charges him with cruelty to herself and
desertion, and neglect besides. - She
says that his brutal disposition led him
often to go out and beat their cow until
it was nearly dead. The wife also de
clares that Lawson would "Eneak away
from home and go to visit a neighbor
ing girl named Eva Clark," and' that
he would buy shoes and clothing for
the girl when his children were in need.
He would make his wife work in the
orchard and compel her to live. In tents
and shacks.
,A suit. for divorce on the ground of
neglect was filed by Mrs. K.' E. Law
ton against F. .H.' Lawton. They were
married at Sari Rafael on October 26,
1903, and she says he has failed to pro
vide for her, though amply able to
do so.
Mrs. Lawson Cites Instance
as a Proof of Husband's
Disposition to Be Brutal
BEATS THE FAMILY COW
Hotly Contested Case, With
Accusation of Infidelity,
Decided in Favor of Wife
DIVORCE GIVEN
TO MRS. HISLOP
THE . "SAN. .'.FRANCISCO ¦ , CALL', SUNDAY, OCTOBER; 30, 1904:
35
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
2 WEEKS ONLY— Beginning MATINEE TO-DAY
ARTHUR C. AISTON AXD J. EMMETT BAXTER PRESENT
JAnd a Comnany oC Recocnlzed Kxcel-
knee in Frances Ajrmar Mathew'a
ftok (Ml (f^ ' PlctureaQue Play
p rlBIiy
SL-PI'OHTKD BY H Ijj JLff g3 W
QniiinW k n n r fi fiv *^^^ >« »«* *<>* «*» ** «*•
fill U I U ¦" liUUUvll Herald Squar- ami Madison Squar*
Theaters. - ; ' .
; ADVERTISEMENTS. " '
FURS Are Fashionable
! A fl)eO v$
SEALSKIN JACKETS
$9O UP
Fine Fur Stoles, - - $!0 Up
Neck Boas S3 tJp
Electric Seal Jackets.
$25 Up
Besodelicr. Repairing- and Dyeingr
at Short gotlce. Pcpnlar Price*.
sisKRTAiT rtra co.
(Incorporated)
AD. KOCOUR
; THE EELUBLE TUEEIEE.
I Vasuurer. o ,
121 POST ST., Upstairs
I SOME SUCCESSFUL I
CALIFORNIA WOMEN
A Unique Japanese Tramway.
California's Newest Oil Fields.
Japan's Historical Military
Landmarks and a fine selec-
tion of Fiction and Descrip-
tive Articles of great interest,
beautifully illustrated. j
in the
GREAT WESTERN MAGAZINE
the
Overland monthly
FOR NOVEMBER.
j ALL NEWS STANDS. |
/visit DR. JORDAN'S great h
dS'JSEUH OF AHATOHYl
\ rfe sc:i ui:nr g.tn. t\iT±. s.r.eaL b
V nr T •• '-¦ r J? e * 1 *fj tomicni Mutturn la (if \
\ t • - World. Weakce»»« «r tut rcntriwtr< 4 . A
'» (Ta^jti <tisent po»lll»^lf KmrmAbj tht •;«ie»t Y
a httSl DR. J3R3AK-D'SEASES CF MEH A
' if(7^^§ C«r»ol«mo« frte ind »trict'y pririit. \
A ¥ Y*C/ P Trnmri« pcr-oiu>l^y rr by lettrr. A 6
V h ff T* M AMm An u nerf cutudiiukn. T
»Cf lifi) Wt!ii (<t i-.«k. rEii.OKurav «r A
u I ,'J |i atnuuet, mailu) raaa. (at
A & (» wsJcsbit s«»k far ¦•») \
0 jjjB. JOBDAX * CO- 1081 Markrt Ht.,3. F. V
ii| MERCHANT TAILORS, ;);
I; 622 MarkctStrcet |j!
£ Ud Stairs. Opp. Palace Ho tsL '•<',
|: . san francisco. :«:
|i Novelties in Imported Wear *!
|ASTHMANOLA|
tm the caly cure Icr BTerroas and
Eroacblal ASTXKA.
Tour* OrurtUt or at S»S HA1GHT ST^
S&B rmnclaco. . C&L
Week Commencine THIS AFTER-
NOON. Oct. 30.
Effulgent Vaudeville !
WATSON, HUTGH1N6S,
EDWARDS & GO.
Presenting "A VAUDEVILLE EX-
CHANOE." ' ,' '
THE MISSES DELMORE
In Vocal and Instrumental Selections.
HALLEY and MEEHAN
Black Face Comedians.
PETGHING BROTHERS
In "A MUSICAL FLOWER GAR-
DEN."
SDLLIVAN I PASQUELENA
In Their Comedy Song Act, "A
NEWSBOY'S APPEAL."
HARVEY COMEDY GO.
Presenting Their Brightest Comedietta,
"COOING AND BILLING."
OWLEY and RANDALL
Introducing: Their Latest Success,
"TUMBLING TOM."
Orpheum Motion Pictures
Showing "The Widow and the Only
Man."
Last Week of the Acme of Musical
THREE DUMONDS
The Famous Parisian Minstrels.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday.
Thursday, Saturday and ' Sunday.
PRICES — 10c, 25c and 50c.
"iNGLESIDE
COURSING PARK.
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Coursing wi'.I besin at 11 o'clock sharp and
continue until the last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Mlssion-st. cars transfer to Guerrero
cars,' which go direct to the park.
JOHN GRACE. Judxe.
\ EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
High-Class Specialties Every After-
noon and Evening In the Theater.
THE AVOLOS: ROBIX8ON AND JONES;
HUGH McCORMICK: STAFFORD AND
STONE: EMILE CHEVRIEL: MABEL
LAMSON AND THE AMERICAN BIO-
GRAPH.
- SPECIAL — Children visiting the Chutes Sun-
day\ mornings, • when Sultan, - the untamable
Hon. performs with Captain Hendricks in the
Zoo, will be given tickets for the Miniature
Electric Railroad. Ferrli Wheel and Galloplns
Horses WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE.
AMATEUB NIQST THOTSDAT.
Admission. 10c; Children, 5c.
When Phoning . Ask for The Chutes.
* SUMMER RESORTS.. ~
NORTH SHORE HOTEIr— On Tomales
Bay. "¦ Good ¦ table and accommodations. Houj»
gas-lighted.- Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
SHIELDS. Marshalls. Marin County. CaL
TO-NIGHT
SAIN XOY
VTlth JAMES T. POWSBS.
owe week yv\r^ivn > i/\'V r
MATHTEE SATT7SSAT OWLT.
John C. Fisher and Thos. "W. Ryley Present
ISADORERUSH
And a Superb Company In th« Biff London
and New York Farcical Comedy Success,
GLITTERING
GLORIA
Book by Hugh Morton, author of "Th*
Belie of New York.*^
Election eve "THB COUNTY CHAIRMAN."
operaJI YHU house
Premiere in* San Francisco and
first performance on the Padflo
Coast of the great London and New
York musical triumph In two acts.
entitled: *
T I-I P* I First Time Anywhere I
* * * *-* I >t Popular Prlf a. (
MESSENGER
"V I First Time Anywhere I
*-"" * I at Popular Pricea. j
By the Authors of the Toreador.
WITH AN UNRIVALED CAST.
Seats Now Selling — Usual TlvoM Prices.
.Only Matinee Saturday. 23c. 50c. 73c.
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
last Trr"*>-INII/""SI-IT last
time * v-J-rNiv_*r-l l TIME
WHEN WE WERE_ TWENTY-ONE
STARTING TO-MORROW NIGHT,
Oliver Morosco offers
HOWARD J. H.
GOULD «fc GIL/HOUR iq
And the flower of the Majestic Theater Co. la
a srlendid revival of
===== H A M LET ss=
NIGHT PRICES— 23c to 73c.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
AT C* A T A "D B* 14 * 10 * Mayer.
General Mana~er.
MATHCEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
Of H. V. Esmond's Exquisite Comedy.
THE U/ILDERNESS
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT "WEEK,
Franklin Fyle's Excellent Drama,
\DRUSA\
\ WAYNE]
A STORY THAT APPEALS.
THB MONTANA DANCE HALL. GIRL.
Beautiful Scenery-^-Elegant Gowns.
Evgs, 23c to 75c; Mats. Sat. and Sun.. 25c to 50c
November 7— "PRINCE KARL." •
CENTRAL*!?
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT. Laat Tins*
of the Spectacular Drama, PATH SATT7AS
MONDAY NIGHT — ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SCSDAT.
Sensational melodramatic success for tha first
Urn* here. - $ -
THE' WORST WOMAN IN LONDON.
Hyde Park! The Circus! The Bloody Maa-
ston! The Horrible Crime! Revenue! *¦
THRILLINO ESCAPE FROM BURN'INCJ
EUILDLNQ ON WIRK STRETCHED
IN MIDAIR. |
Filled with aoul-stlrrtng\ sensations. Elegant,
scenery. Comedy and pathos happily
Intermingled. Splendid . production!
Popular prices— Eve.. 10c to 60c.. Mats, 10c,,
15c. »23c.
Neat— "HER MARRIAGE 'VOW.- .
DnUncx DONT FAIL TO
rdldlC ; ee % t&8 > beantiftll
j COURT Lounging
fl fi fl room, the EMPIRB
uuu KaRL OR.', tho
fi j PALM ROOM, the
Grand e^JHL'S:
Hotels 1^ WMTINO
AMUSEMENTS.
UNION
U U U II u 1 11 U
¦ rl fi 0 S\
'a%-_ sui&fi ; ';.¦,- ¦¦¦¦¦» 1
P. J. EEiiiiiY -. Jndaro
JAS. F. GSACB .Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, OCT. 30
CiQlOO QrSfl
itiOQ OllU
64- NOMINATIONS -64
fipoo pgss B $1000
TRAIN SERVICE.
Trains leave Third and Townaend streets at
10:15 a. m. and 1 p. m., stopping at Tv/enty-
fif th and Valencia . streets five minutes later.
Returning" after the' last course. San Mateo
clectrli cars every four minute* to park en-
trance direct: : •¦" " - ' . I'- " .
LYRICJ4ALL
MANSFi-DTr-KOPTA
- CHAMBER MUSIC CONCERTS
THIS AFTERNOON' at 3 o'clock.
: TICKETS, fl.
STUDENT TICKET^. 50c. .
! WEEBXY CALL; $1.00 PEE YEAJB.
AMUSIuMENTS.
-CALIFORNIA-
• EDWARD ACKERJIAS-LM3M and Manager.
C0^S INC MATINEE TO-DAY
VV. E. NANKEVILLE'S Masnlflccnt Organization
HA VERLY S minstrel
MINSTRELS m
"With the Funniest o£ All Mlr.strel Comedlacat
BILLY VAN a^»"»
JIMMY WALL — The CLAYTON*. JEXKINS MAZIER «nd CONLEY
Beau Brummel of Min- * nd JASPER. presenUn*
¦trelsv— the mtyiern Kiiiv The Darktown CItcuj." th« rauld-flr* come<li*iu
¦treisy— tne moaera Billy Greatest olio act ever
Emerson. known. and parodr mlngers. ','¦
And a wealth of other bis features, including THE HAVERLY DOUBLE OCTETOB.
NEXT C \ ICLT f\ AllCn Tl»t tlm. Her. •
ssss, oWll I CLOulk iiH=;r
With the well-known comedian OTIS B. THAYEB, who created the leading
role In the original New York production.
. APVEKTISEMKVTS.
f s EXCEPTIONAL
Sale of Suits $19.50
CommencinR Mondaj-- morninj? and continuing
until all are sold. About 85 suits in the lot. They
are the newest styles, and come in Cheviots,
Broadcloth, Mohair, Sicilian, Mannish Mixtures,
Voile, Etamine and English Coverts. They are
worth % to .% more than the price.
New Rain Coats
An exceptional line. in three distinct stvles.
Thev are made of the finest Rrade sruaranteed
waterproof Cravenette, and come in Oxford, srray,
tan and olive. They are the $25.00 <C1Q Cfi
kind. Our price is .ply. JU
A Rare Opportunity in Silks Dress Goods Specials
H GEXUI N E a FAN C Y T^FIFEt'a 75c Sc ° tch TwewI Snitifl ? S at 35c J^
and* LOUISINE SILKS, in For shopping dresses, walking
checks, stripes and dots, in the skirts and children's school dresses,
new shades of Navy. Brown. neat mixtures in tans, grays.
Gray, Green. Red. Pink and brown?,, garnets, navies and cas-
Yellow. Beautiful iridescent ef- tors — all wool— 38 inches wide —
fects. Hairline stripes. Honest- extra heavy weight — requires no
Iv worth 75c to $1.00 yd. 3Qp lining.
Special this week 0. J7C '
_... $1.50 Mannish Mixed Suitings, 89c yd.
Novelty Pillow Ril%ns An assorted lol © of stvles in ncw .
Our stock of fancy Pillow Rib- est colorings — 50 to 54 inches wide
bons has never been so complete — every thread wool—^some with
as at the present time — beautiful raised silk knob effects — plenty of
shaded ribbons from licht to dark. browns, greens, navies, garnets,
in a large variety of designs. Scrim black and white effects to pick
Ribbons with satin stripes, shaded from.
— in fact we can match any OC/» ' " ' =
pillow. Special price, per yd C^C JJ^Q S axon y Broadcloths, 98c yd.
Special QargahlS hi LaceS \ Very swell for evening capes,
a i- r x- *. t t «, . * n f. jackets, tailor suits and children's
A hne of Net Laces from 4 to 6 _^ cQmcs jn ch
inches wide— suitable for trim- , )rowns new bl ns reds
muig sleeves wrappers or for fancy and - a - rich , h i ack _ ail - woo l^-52
work. Regular 2 3 c value, g^ inch?s widc _ a hcavy twi n e d back
per • quality with a panne satin finish —
SpCCial Sa*3 TOWClS # sponged and shrunk free of charge.
500 Drummers' Staples of Towels. ¦ ' - .
yraS^S^ffiSySSJS^-cS^ Imported Tambour Scarls
plain; Turkish Towels, bleached and ment of uesigns — some with elab-
unbleacli^d; some hemstitched. Come or;Oe designs- of open work and
535; A^^ choict pricca s ? n< *? d f*V t r? th r s hemst i tch -
1000 eeass EXTEirsioar cuxtTAiw ed stitched lniancy .desmns.
sods all of which are on a nfee
&ffijs££, «????S? 9c sgjjg; of 1 ? w "~' i " •??: 25c
NEW BUSTER BROWN UfilN COLLARS .
Embroidered in white, blue, green, red or navy, with long, silk Ot^
string ties — assorted colors; collar and tie complettS>worth , 50c -.fawlC
FREE — Embroidery lessons on Tuesdays and Fridays from 3. a.- m.
to 12 m. Stamping on all materials purchased free.
I OS«v1« *¦*! ****** 8
I »^ ' a^ or Garments ¦ j
1 ®ffl Money-Saving 1
S' M* &lL •••» I £vv5ei9 •fij
• iRfi^W e est an(^ lar s est P art °^ i
i '™&^1\" the Autumn Season has passed, s
•« '>»' i-«L CUT-RATE PRICES will help us |
0 /J?/JB I8%l»^v to dispose of our larse stock. Our «
S /j|^ll#Mp> v very finest TAILOR GARMENTS |
| ;^pKM^ ft. at CUT-RATE PRICES.. |
| TAILOR SUITS. BROWN SUITS. . J \
» $65.00 NOVELTY SUITS, now at ?lo.OO, .^17.50 and $20.00 §[
| $45.00' novelty' suits. jlow JACKETS, COATS ||
1 537.00' novelty' suits!' now FuIl"LengtA Coats 8
Ct ' J<:iO OO Reduced — 89.00 Instead of $12.00. P. {
§ $25.00" NOVELTY' SUITS, now COVERT TOURIST COATS, g
§ ? )j!20.0O Satin Lined ThrouRhout. q
8 HIGH QUALiTY and LOW $ T 7-5o COATS are now. .JfHo.OO gi
td PRICES, not equaled anywhere. $15.00 COATS are now.. Jgl2.0O g{!
§ $17.50 NEW MIXTURE SUITS. $12.00 COATS are now. .frlO.OO «|
'§, cut to ...J?ia.,->O I •» ' . 7; A _ . .8^
§ $18.50 cheviot suits cut to Evening Coats Reduced • §
S $i:j.r»o fur tackets.'furstoles o !
g Only Newest and Best Styles. LOWEST MARKET PRICES. fi|
8 A Better Grade of SKIRTS at «'
3 \71TI \71TT QI TIXQ REDUCED PRICES. 8 1
g VULVLI 3VII3. DRESS and WALKING 8|
g Now on sale at $27.50, $30.00 SKIRTS §¦
8 and $;15.OO. S5.OO to .^lfi.OO. gi
I TEMPTING PRICES I
© e
J The newest and most effective styles of , Tailor-Hade Garments •
§ are offered by us at ( •
I WHOLESALE PRICES f
I $27.50 and $25,00 TAILOR SUITS we offer at $20.00 2
§ NOVELTY BLOUSE and TUXEDO, with fancy vest— our swell • ;
§ styles in shades of navy, green, brown and black. J ;
S $20.00 and $17,50 SUITS on sale at . . , . . $12.50 I
S TOURIST and MIKADO styles in entirely new mixtures of black, %
a navy and brown ; they are neatly trimmed witb plain cloth. . ' . ©
| $15.00 NOBBY JACKETS— Our wholesale price . . $10.00 |
© They. are made of English whipcord; high-class tailoring and o
• silk lined throughout. ' •
3 |T$25ol WALKING ?KIBTS AT WHOLESALE J $3.50 1 S
Q 1'.. ¦ I BS=Bsa » I H Q
• ALL WOOL, in new mixtures, full width j new cut; regular ©
J price $4.00 and $5.00; our price.. ...... ...$2.50 and $3.50 %
• f^^ 1 1 42 " 1 1 46 Market Street 2
..ARTISTIC HALL FURNISHINCS..
For your hall we have everything you want. Combina-
tion Settees and Mirrors, Hat Trees in all the latest styles,
. Chairs, Pedestals, Tabourettes, etc. Our carpet and rug de- "
partment.is the largest and most complete in , the city, all
goods being specially selected for their up-to-date patterns.
We sell at lower prices on time payments than others do for
'- cash. We have no rent to pay; that's how we undersell all
others. ' • .
THE .). NOQNAN FURNITURE CO.
1017-1023 MISSION STRFFT;;Above- sixth.fortune by; writing "Where the Silv-ry
Colorado Wends Its Way," a ballad
which through its beautiful melody won
the composers -the support of' John D.
Rockefeller Jr. '&:&
more than thirteen months afterward.
This is charged to be dilatoriness of
the plaintiff. '// :"
The two-women had been busily en
gaged on Friday night packing up their
few household' effects,' as they intended
to move yesterday. Worn. out by the
work, they retired arid slept only too
soundly. Whether one of them turned
out the gas and. accidentally turned it
on again or whether they, left .the Jet
burning and it ,wais .blown out. by. a
gust of wind will not be known.
One theory is that Alma, who was in
the habit of studying late at night,
turned out the gas and that the sleeve
of her night dress caught in the stop
cock as she sank wearily to her pillow.
Mrs. Tillie Dieffenbacher , and her
pretty seventeen-year-old daughter,
Alma, were found dead from gas as
phyxiation , yesterday in their bedroom
at '2614% Larkin street. The fact that
two windows were open and that : the
gas Jet was only half -turned on would
indicate that death was the result of an
accident. . . -. . - ' \. .
Mrs. Tillie , :Dieffenbacher
and Her Young Daughter
Asphyxiated in Their Bed
GAS SUFFOCATES
TWO WOMEN
t ¦ R. !A. Crothers and others - yester
day filed 1 ' notice of a motion". to ; dismiss
the libel •:; suit- , for ; $ 5 0|0 0 0; -.brought
against ' the*; Bulletin ; for; the; publica
tion of a. story -: last i year * intimating
that T.; L. . Ch'rlstianson • of Alameda' in
tended to ; kill his sisterV'with poisoned
candy/ The^ motion 0 Is; • based" on'-' the
ground of the ''"¦. lack ; of .'''prosecuflon/
Grothers* \ affidavit \ says fan application
made August*»14,7l903^ for! a' change /of
venue^'f rom'i Alameda \ Countyi.was [not
graiited '. until^ September '; 3 o',*-'"'3 19 0 4;
Want libel Suit : Dismissed.
B.F.S toll, dentist: Haight & Masonic av.*
It was^ announced yesterday that as
soon as Judge Dunne returns from his
vacation steps will be taken to Im
panel a jury to decide upon the sanity
of George Benes. He was convicted
of murder in the first degree by a jury
in ; Judge Dunne's court on October :*1.
but ¦ sentence has not • yet been i pro- '
nounced. Temporary, Insanity was one'
of the pleas for the defense at the
trial,"; but it was ignored by the jury.
Benes came from Los Angeles and be
cause his wife" refused ; to return with*
him he;; shot and ' killed her at the
Hiimboldt lodging-house on Stockton
street. He then' turned the revolver
oii" himself, but only inflicted a flesh
wound.
Will Test Benes' Sanity.
The Protestant Episcopal churches of
this cityVwill celebrate All i SaintsV'day,"
which falls on November 1;', with special
services in the 'chapel 'of Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Right '' Rev. ; Bishop Nichols
has appointed the Rev. S. J. Lee, rector,
of St. James Church, to conduct- the
services, which will begin ; at '10:45
a.. m. : ¦'
Services at Cypress Lawn.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. SOc flask. Richard & Co., 400 Clay.*
When a man catches up with his own
ideals he has begun to die.
Elias Linzey, a colored man, was
sentenced by Judge Lawlor yesterday
to serve two years in San Quentin on
a charge of burglary. On the night of
August 27 Mrs. Rosie Franucchi,
610% Francisco street, discovered him
under her bed. Robert I* Paynter
was sentenced to serve three years in
San QuenUn for pissing a fictitious
check. The check, which was for
$14 25 drawn on the Wells-Fargo
Bank and purporting to be signed by
the "Western Supply Company, was
passed on. J. M. Drenon, saloon-keep
er, 425 Pacific street, on June 23.
Paynttr had two previous convictions
for petty larceny against him.
Prisoners Are Sentenced.
For an excellent lunch, tabl* d'hote of & la
carte, with or without wine, visit The Claren
don Gale, S43 Post it-, opposite Olympic Club.*
"The Board of Supervisors is the
source of authority, so far as your
board is concerned, in all matters per
taining to public improvements, as the
provisions of the charter indicate;' ;
"The_ charter contemplatTeV'that- the
Board of Supervisors shall exercise su
pervisory 'control over all: expenditures
when they are not specifically .deprived
of such control, and the mere approval
of a budget which makes; available a
sum for a particular purpose.; does not
deprive the board of the right to 'decide
when such shall be used. Conditions
may change or " cost ' of proposed ¦. im
provement be Increased to such an ex
tent that it would be unwise to . pro
ceed, so that the discretion given the
board as to the* advisability of \ the ex
penditure . may prompt the abandon
ment of a proposed improvement."
The effept-of the opinion will- be to
render, nugatory the contract to F. ,M.
Yorke & Co. to repaveH; street, as the
Board of Supervisors decreed,. that it
would » riot ' pay \ any demands ; oh ! the i
contract - because the " Board -of ;• Public
Works ; had never - asked for! authority
to do the work. The contract to pave
Fourth street has not yet been award;
ed, although bids have been: invited for
th e same. . " ' : \ ' ;
City Attorney Long yesterday advised
the Board' of Public Works that special
authority for each improvement ; must
be secured from the Board, of Super
visors, irrespective of budget provisions.
The opinion was asked in connection
with questions by the board:
1 — As to the sufficiency of; your au
thority in proceeding with the repaving
and widening of Fourth street, the
funds for the cost of which were appro
priated in the last budget : ]y ¦/;£
2— As to the - sufficiency of . your au
thority in advertising for and letting
contracts for the repaving of H street,
specifically mentioned and for which
funds, were .appropriated in the. last
budget.
The opinion says:
"The mere fact that the Board of Su
pervisors itemized each improvement
and segregated the various amounts,
instead - of allowing a lump sum, does
not alter the fact that the ordinance
was one appropriating moneys for the
expenses of government, and "nothing
more. • ?.s.;~\?i
When Mrs. Miller arrived a key was
found that fitted the door. Frantically
the sister rushed into the bedroom,
where Mrs. Dieffenbacher and her
daughter lay side by side in the sleep
of death. The room was so full of gas
that Mrs. Miller was almost overcome
before she -.could fling open the doors
and windows.
Mrs. Tillie Dieffenbacher has been a
widow for two years. She and *Alma
have had a hard ~ time making both
ends meet. The girl's salary as a type
writer for the Nathan-Dohrmann Com
pany was almost their only source of
income.
Among their few belongings scat
tered about in the confusion of packing
up were evidences of better days. In
their poverty the mother and daughter
still clung to a few little trinkets that
might have been converted into money.
Among their effects was a sketch book
belonging to Alma. The work showed
that the girl had considerable talent.
Mrs. Miller says she knows of no rea
son why her sister and niece should try
to end their lives. They were always
cheerful and hopeful.- Mrs. Miller and
her husband were always ready to help
them. Besides" Alma, there are two
other children, William, 11 years old,
and Gustave, 8 years. The boys are
now in the Protestant Orphan Asylum.
Mrs. Dieffenbacher was about 47
years of age.' She was at, one time an
inmate of a private asylum for the In
sane, but was discharged as'cured.
•¦ It is more probable that while the
weary women slept the poisonous gas
slowly suffocated them. Though the
front windows of the room were cpen
there was no draft. The doors of the
room were closed and the wind formed
a barrier of air that kept the gas In
side.
At about 11 o'clock ; yesterday morn
ing a man in search of a flat knocked
at the Dleffenbacher door. He re
ceived'no response, and as he waited
he detected the odor of gas. He noti
fied .Mrs. Eva Peach, who lives in the
flat above. Mrs. Peach telephoned to
Mrs. George Miller, a sister of Mrs.
Dieffenbacher.
The girl has been trying to prepare
herself to be a teacher."
Marks that slightly resembled burns
made by carbolic add were found on
the lips of both women at the Morgue.
This fact and whispers that Mrs. Dlef
fenbacher was mentally unbalanced
led Dr. Bacigalupi to perform an autop
sy. He found no traces of poisoning,
but sent the stomachs of both women
to the City Chemist as a precautionary
measure. The composed positions in
which the bodies were found in the bed
make all theories of suicide seem Im
probable.
City Attorney Says Works
Board Must Obtain the
Consent of Supervisors
The Hayward building, on the
northeast corner of California and
Montgomery streets, was, sold yester
day for $1,151,000 to Mrs. ; William
Kchl. The sale was made -subject to
approval . by. the Superior ,'• Court of
San Mateo County. . . : :-: !
Garret McEnerney.represented W. J.
Dingee, executor of : the Hayward
estate, and Attorney W. H. Chickering
represented the buyer. Dingee is now
in New York, whence he wired instruc
tions to accept Mrs. Kohl's offer. Mrs.
Kchl is the widow of "a former well
known merchant of this city. She
lives at the Palace Hotel.
to the . Approval of San
Matco Court.
Sold to airs. William Kohl, Subject
BIG HAYWARD BUILDING
NOW HAS A NEW OWNER
OXLY A S^IALJi AMOUNT
OF TAXES COLLECTED
Proi>erty-Owners Are Dilatory- in
Matter of Settling Obligations
With the City.
Notwithstanding that two weeks
have elapsed since taxes became due,
the Tax Collector's office has suc
ceeded in collecting but $198,000 out
of a total of $7,760,000 on the assess
ment rolL Tax Collector Smith is at
a loss to account for the exceedingly
email amount of collections, unless
taxpayers are delaying their payments
until the last moment None of the
large taxpayers have yet come forward
to settle their obligations with the city.
See Hdward Knowln Co. about printing your
sext catalogue. 24 Eaeond St., near Market.*
Pall hats. 1904, just arrived, nobbier
than erer. Tom Dillon & Co_ opp.Paiac«.*
Escaped Prisoner Recaptured.
Edward Beach, a carpenter, while
employed as a "trusty" at the County
Jail on Broadway, made his escape a
week a^o yesterday. He was carry-
Ing bread from a wagon Into the Jail
and dropped the bread and fled. He
was arrested on Turk street on Friday
night by Policeman O'Brien and tak
en to the City Prison. Yesterday he
was taken back to the County Jail.
On September 13 he was sentenced to
eerve six months for failure to pro
vide for his children.
Bank President Kills Himself.
DELAVAN, Wls., Oct. 29. — James
Latimer, vice president of the Latlmer
Bank, shot and killed himself in his
bank to-day. He was 71 years old and
considered to be worth about 5200,000.
Ill health la given as the cause of the
act.
publication, but as a guarantee of good
falth-
FINDS CHARTER
WAS VIOLATED
"The Girl I Loved Out in the Golden
West," as the song is called which
tells of her beauty. The song is
by two letter carriers in the Denver
postofflce who recently won fame and
¦MISS CAROLYN DELMORE. WHO WILL INTRODUCE
THE "COWBOY GIRL" CRAZE TO SAN FRANCISCO
DURING THE PRESENT WEEK.
A new fad has
struck San Francis
co. It Is the "Cow
boy Girl" craze.
Almost every thea
ter in the city has
made "arrangements
whereby singers will
tell about the girl
who has started
the whole country/
figuratively speak
ing, to gathering
pictures of girls in
blue Jackets, leath
er skirts and fierce
looking revolvers. It
promises to become
the rage even more
than the "Gibson
girl." the "Wenzell
girl" or any of > the
various "girls"
j which have sudden
ly become famous
through winning the
fancy of the public.
Miss Carolyn Del
more of , the , Misses
Delmore will intro
duce the subject to
San Francisco this
week, when she will
sing "The Girl I
Loved Out in the
Golden West" in the
costupie. of the :
"Cowboy Girl."
Walter C. Dorsey
of Haverly's Min
strels will sing
about the same girl
whom he loved out
In the Golden West
all of the . week at
the California The
ater. Fischer's The
ater will keep the
ball rolling, and next
week Hanvey and
Doane, two well
known singers on
the vaudeville stage, .
will help to keep the
fad going.
Unless San Fran
cisco is an exception
to the rule the
whole city will In a
few days be whist-,
ling,' singing and
humming about
Jropular Western Oong to Sve JVearct ' Jrere
"THE COWBOY GIRL"
THE SANJ^RANCISGO^GALi;,,: SUNDAY; [OCTOBER f 30, 1904
36
APVERTISEMEVTS.
_^"^^ Monday, October 31st VVs^|
Blankets, Comforters
: : and Bedspreads : :
This wccK we will place on sale our Fall and Winter StocK
of White and Colored BlnnKets, Silk and Sateen Covered
Wool and Eiderdown Comforters and White and Colored
Bedspreads. As we deal direct with the manufacturers
ovr prices arc very low. 1
BLANKETS
aoo pairs WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, good quality, fan
, . size for double beds, pink and blue borders.
Price $5.OO F>air
150 pairs WHITE CALIFORNIA WOOL BLANKETS, extra heavy
quality. Will wear and clean well. Size 72x84.
Price $8.5O Pair
100 pairs very fine ALL-WOOL "OHIO FLEECE" WHITE BLAN-
KETS, extra size. These are made from selected wool and are
exceptionally good value.
A Price F^alr
COMFORTERS
HEAVY EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS, in handsome figured
and plain French sateen. These are this season's goods and aro
f\V-'?' being sold low at the price.
$6.OO Each
LAMB'S WOOL COMFORTERS. Figured sateen on one sida
and plain on reverse. Full size for double beds. Colors red,
blue, pink, green and yellow. * '"r *
Price $4,OO Each
PLAIN and FIGURED SATEEN COMFORTERS. A good heavy
quality and full size, filled with pure white cotton.
Price$2.5O Each
BEDSPREADS
-a cases fine WHITE MARSEILLES and SATIN FINISHED BED-
SPREADS, full double bed size. Finished ready for use. New
and handsome patterns.
Prlce$2,75 Each
3 cases best made grade . of WHITE HONEYCOMB BED
SPREADS, strong and durable. Marseilles patterns, full size.
Finished' ready for use. V^ !
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED. "'
111 to 121 POST STREET.
' ADVERTISEMEXTS. .
More Doings in
Elegant Trimmed Hats
¦"- While it is hard to. pick out the
-^wjjptafc n:ost active department from the
T^^^^^IPj many \vhich make up our busi-
" es? ' ie niillinery department
just now comes nearest the title.
Superior values, better styles, bet-
($$&*& i ' ter faciMties anc^ prompt ser-
i^^^t^^^, v^ ce nave een le stimulants.
t rQ j£ &r ' Hats at the . popular, prices —
.>'^rt|Bta«L- r JA^-.' from. $5 to $7.50 — have perhaps
/twj^\$' VC^v taken the.lead. They are the pro'd-
(fAwWt Wy uct of our own workrooms and
ikl I « 'r W * follow closely the lines of the very
' mp\ j '' expensive models. If yovi appre-
/ ¦ • c ' a^ e P re^y na^ s you will enjoy
looking at the fancy Dress Hats,
the Breast Turbans, the Broad-tail 'Velvets in all : the-rage col-
;-, ors, the made hats for street wear — all ot the handsome crea-
tions which have. so: far done us such great credit.
For to-morrow we have a new display ready. vCome by
all means if you are interested in hats at from $5 to $7.50.
Children's French . Y .
Sleeping Garments. Flannels *rOC Ta '
: The Dr. Denton Knit Sleep- Plain color French Flan-
ing ; Garments— the: only logi- vnels, all pure wool, best
:-cal* nightdress for, the chil- «; fanf i ar j - nif!1 i;*, r " ;„ ,
, ¦¦•9,- r , ¦¦¦-¦¦ , , «. I- v n- stanaara quality, in a com-
dren. Cannot be kicked oft.- ,- ,. n / ,
The fabric, is smooth and P Iete line of colors— pink,
soft. • In \ the infants', depart- bght blue, nile, reseda, royal
ment (third floor); we have blue, golden brown, scarlet,
;sizes;o to 2 at the 'following ' garnet, cardihai, heliotrope, 1
: du 5 ti0Ils \ ' ' • ¦ : f :¦..:. tan, dark green, cream; white,
Size o, regular $1.00, cut price Vi 1 - \J. ..
.... . . . .... . :'. ¦. . . 75c bla i ck » nav y- The quality sold
Size i, regular $i;io, cut price everywhere for 60c - yard. On)
; . ......... ; . . ...;.. .85c special sale to-morrow. . . . ~.
¦ Size 2, regular $i!20, cut price- ; 48c yard :
..... ... ...... ..... .95C F ! rs t floor,. to right of main entrance
5^ 5^-1 1'&M Flawielette C 1 «t
Kimpnas <P !,;* ¦• **. **¦ Wrappers V :;1 '•&!O
;THe:kind;of^garrnehts that just as good as you would
we .find genuine, pleasure in ma ke . them for yourself
e^ I i n ?-}^ 3u : ban -fi nti : 1 3° fla > v Thoroughly finished, y line(i
in the ¦¦ workmanship or mate- . • - ,¦:, , , , •
• 1 - tu r r • vv • - around the shoulders, extra
rials. •: The fabric patterns arc :,....,.•,• ,. .
rieat;and-are executed: in the: f H H skirt/bishop sleeves and
popular; colors:; The gar- a rnaterial that Is beyond ,
merits' are ¦bound :: alH around criticism. Colors are blue,
with a ' buttonhole : : stitch*, 'red; , gray and ; black and
the -material ;a u fancy .iPersian^ . white. They, could very eas-
flannelette.;, At -$1.25 they, i^bring $1 150, : but not here—
are. great values. , . ;--;•¦ '-we ask only $1.25. r '7
APVT^TTSF.M1inffra^ '
World's a/ 9
Record Vf^lJrpC
Dinner Sets
China
Crockery
Glassware
Ornaments
Prices never so cheap
Need the room
for
New Holiday Goods
Come early
just to looK.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
Money" Saving Store. -
1861 Market 213 Sutter 1419 Polk gg
140 Sixth . 1819 rxsvisadero J05 k ' n ¦
475Hai2h't S006 Sixteenth 355 Hayes ¦
3235 Mission C21 Mcntc'y ave 52 Market H
200S Flllmore 2516 Mission 469 Fourth j
366 Third ¦ 2732 24th 206 Third ¦ H
\ ADVERTISEMENTS. « yXf^i
ft .Pine Hats Free |
\ffiy J*«t to start the fall trade boomino;, wc ¥k\
i*sl TC cc *^ c^ to gi^c away to-morrow
>g (Monday) with every suit ordered a fine If
|l| Hat— Dorby or Fedora shape. These hats ¥*
p axe absolutely face to men ordering; suits. I
fl They cannot be duplicated at a hat store Ji
ur QCW tJl woolens have arrived. VLfcEJ
-All the latest patterns and color effects
»5i fe P fejg - u^ c^ i* 1 *kc l«'ne. You are sure B^l\
rji of a stylish, well-fittingf, handsome suit if W
fc^f H ** tnade here. Come in and iovtsfiirat^ 9
I J. OmlTH TAILOR I
pi 7/3 iVlARKET ST., B
. ADVERTISEMENTS. .._/..__ .
— ¦ — --' " T - — .» ¦¦¦¦»¦¦¦,¦ ., . . .- ,., . , , ¦ ¦ , ¦¦
j$g0$L MAGMNS RELIABLE WEAR. J^^^,
jlm^k for WOMEN^-CHILDREN
'j&&i!&. Ladies Waists
\^^^^^ The style, make and fit of
M-**W t^ le a S n " 1 Waists are un-
V^Jp matchable, and the materials
are t * ie very best. All are ; .
(fw! rrf'/r\ exceptionally low priced.
/^jSn.illl \ Note t^ ie fQllow " 1 S special
S-^kvr ' k \ offerin e :
\jfoL H ' JX'" \ LADIES ' WAISTS- Same style as
a£S«1 a L j ¦ l//r m ' s \'™ illustrated; nude of all-wool French
< <£\{ Ljk& .v/^V- flannel* 'neatly tailor tucked, trim-
. / me^ vnth stylish buttons ; colorings
fts®w, K jS«$S~jr °l w hite,-, black, navy, brown, blue,
tan and green ; sizes 32 aa Cf\
to 44. A good value for y«'wU
Suits for Small Boys
t BOYS' KILT SUITS— *
Made of English gala- 1^!
tf a of neat dezign, cuffs 2^
and sailor collar neatly \*l^!~l
trimmed; dxes 1% to -
4 years. (See ilhutra- IT FA/
tion.) Exceptionally ri&\!/^j\
RUSSIAN DRESSES JjWnT J&Mj
— Made of all -¦wool /] /t\^i^j^ui '
ladies' cloth, neatly V/ JSt 5 I tT
nivy and qo (\(\ ykW?
1© ja *j^ . red. VpO.UVr YmfK '
BOYS' BLOOMER.
W ¦ SUITS— (See illustra- ¦"
65c tIoa -) Made of * u - $5.00
wool serge, silk tie, 5; ~
embroidered emblems ; colorings of navy and brown; ap aa
dses 2 to 5 years :
Other styles of BOYS* BLOOMER SUITS made of fine white . |
cloth, serge, corduroy, silk, velvet, white pique and fancy mixtures. j
918-922 Market St. No Branch Stores
Our illustrated catalogue will be sent free to out-of-town
people.
We are agents for the YPSILANTI KNIT GOODS. Special
measurements for made— to-order garments taken by Mrs.. Ober.
Sole Pacific Coast distributors for the "ARNOLD" goods.
yiscaeMiAyEOPS.
Eye Beauty and
Eye Comfort
Brigrht, clear and healthy eyea nuka or mar
many a face; the other featnres may be ever
¦o comely. A pair of weak. red. Inflamed or
twitching eyes will »poll all beauty.
GEORGE MAYERLE'S
EYE 1^ WATER
The Greatest Eye Remedy
in the World.
Makes weak eye« atrongr; red. sore, painful <[ts-
charginir or diseased eyes well. Rests tired
eyes. . Perfectly harmless. For elUldrea and
adults.
- Price 50o. By mall. C2c. It your druggist
doesn't k?«D It. order direct from Georgs
Mayerl*. 1C71 Market street. San Francisco.
George MayerleTs antiseptic cyezlass cleaners,
A W05SXSrUL EXXZDT.
SISTER MART BAPTIST, Sister of Mercy.
Grass Valley, writes: "My eyes haw mnca
Improved by the use of Geor*e Mayerla's Ey«
Water, and I heartily Indorse It"
USED OITLT 0XS BOTTXS.
"I bar* used a bottle of Georg« Mayerle'a
Eye Water, and It has helped m» wonderfully."
— Charles Morgan. Rockjin. C*L
CURED HER ETES.
Mr. George Mayerle — Dear Sir: "Tour Eye
Water has entirely cured my eyes after yean
of suffering". Tours respectfully.
"MRS. IDA LABANERT.
"Valley, Huxnboldt County.'*
$200 Reward
Tor . t&« arrest and conviction of any
party or parties obtalnlnar money by
falsely representing themselves as
OEOKOE StAYESia:. the Qermaa £x-
pert Optician, or mm Msi agent.
In an article on the eating of rats
and mice, the London Medical Press
asserts that, "apart from prejudice,
there is no particular reason why we
should, not '.feed on our domestic ro-
dents." Th« editor seems to have the
courage of his convictions, for he adds:
"Their flesh is delicate and savory."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Adams:
IRISH
MOSS
COUGH
BALSAM
PRESCRIBED BT THB BEST
PHTS1CIAN3 TOR
Couxas, Colds. Hoarseness. Bron-
eaitts. Croup In Children, and
All Taroat and Xionz Troubles
Try a bottle to-day: don't wait till th»
doctor says "OOVSTrVTTXOSr."
9Se: SOc AT ALL D2UQOI3TS
; CURES IN A DAYSCEXES AT LAYING OP THE CORT
NERSTONE OF THE NEW MA
SONIC CEMETERY..
certain things in order to rightfully
represent the Republicans "of Calif ornla.
1 1 ';. could - obtain . these things « much
quicker than ]a Democrat could. And
It is 4>yJ no means" sure (that'; the Demo
crat ; could get the legislation." -] I "want
to ; tell ''you that;*bnly ; the - man yon i . the
programme is the man ; in the ' show." I
want .to promised you. that when I am
' elected to ¦ represent " your district fat
Washington I will do everything in* my,
power ;toj>e your ; business 'agent /and
thoroughly perform all the duties ;'per- (
taining i to that exalted position."
•',",¦ At the conclusion • of Mr. p -< Hayes 1 ,
speech:' theX chairman called ; for .three
; cheers i for) Roosevelt ': and Fairbanks,*
Kahn and Hayes, and then the meeting
adjourned.' . ' !¦ • .
/.'-; NAPA, : Oct. 2 9.— A , Democratic
' meeting' -1 was " held to-night at -Tount
ville.: The speakers . were William
Silva, an •/attorney. "of .' Napa; , Joseph
;Walsti,\ Democratic: candidate " for''As
semblyman ;' f rom ' Najja ; County,; and
Joseph iW.\ Reams, "candidate; for Joint
Senator ; from . the ; Fifth ¦ District."
Democrats Meet .at. Yountvillc.
Tt^e old Masonic Cemetery can no
longer be used for burial, and the new
site, containing 110 acres, was pur
chased a short time ago. It is expected
to ' serve its purposes with the present
area for fifty years, but it is believed
that . adjoining* lands will at all 'times
be available.
The following constitute the .ceme
tery association's board of directors:
Henry L. Davis, president: G. Howard
Thompson, vice president; Theodore
Froelich," secretary; "Joseph Patterson.
Franklin H. Day, Henry B. Ross, John
Tonnlngsen and George Johnson.,
tacle were deposited copies of the daily
papers, the programme -of the day's
events and the names of the grand of
ficers. The boys* band from the Ma
sonic Home discoursed music and the
Masonic quartet performed its part in
the exercises. A luncheon -was after
ward served on the grounds.
The remark: was made 'last evening
by. a well, knovyn • Republican: ''The
Merchants' Association must revise. its
list of : alleged stuff ers if it desires to
promote the purity of elections. • Some
careless "work ; must have been done
by the association's' experts. . For in
stance, l Jim "Carr, whp has . lived in
San Francisco ljr. forty years and at
tended many.; Republican conventions
since 1870, is classed among the stuf
fers. He was thei proprietor .of the
Portland House; on* Sacramento street
for|twenty-flyei years. ¦•; It is not fair,
either, ¦ to ¦; assume*' that . voters -who
cannot -now. be" 1 found at lodging
houses from which • they registered
are falsely 'on the. register." -Men who
registered " iri" May and June last -have
gone- to the -country : to _work as fruit
and '¦ hop • pickers. • Many of them may
not ; return until a .'day ; or. two." before
election." 'If Mr.^Phelan should'take
ainption^to' go to r Europe after-reg
istering/ and : fail to'return until a day
or. twbjbef ore" election .would it be fair
to • advertise ¦him as " a stuff ef because
he: could. fnot ; be > found 'at ; the place
from which he ' registered ?" • •
ford to elect a man to Congress who
is avowedly opposed to the retention of
the islands?" '
ALLEGED; STUFFERS. V
Under a somber sky and in the pres
ence of 300 Masons the ' Grand Lodge
yesterday laid the. cornerstone of the
new cemetery in San Mateo County.
The beglnnig' has been made in the
erection, of the $30,000 chapel and gate
way, and it was in the foundation of
this joint structure that the block was
set in place with square, level and
plumb, attended. by the ancient cere
mony of corn, oil and wine.
For the new city of the dead a beau
tiful snot has been found among Col
ma's hills. These hills were carpeted
with green yesterday, and as solemn
words were spoken in .dedicating the
place among them to the eternal rest
of the dead there was inspiration in the
thought that nature had provided a
favored environment for ; the sacred
place.'. - \; v
Five special cars conveyed the Grand
Lodge : representatives and members of
the order from' this city. California
Cbmmandery No. 1,. Golden Gate Com
mandery No. 16 and California Consist
ory No. l sent delegations. Friends to
the number of 200 attended. Edward H.
Hart, ; Junior grand warden, acted the
part of the ; grand : master, . who could
not be present to conduct the ceremo
nies. \ . "
The* following were the other officers
of the Grand Lodge who assisted him,
several serving only in the posts for the
occasion: Albert _H.. Brice, deputy
grand master: George M. Perine, senior
grand* warden; T. H. MacDonald. Ju
nior" t grand ; warden ; R. • E. . Hartley,
grand treasurer; . George Johnson,
grand secretary; William H. Edwards,
grand . lecturer; Jacob . Nieto,- grand
chaplain;.- P. .C. Dolan, assistant grand
secretary; George; F. Rodden, grand
marshal ;" William S. Moses, grand Bible
bearer'; J. * P. Klncaid. grand sword
bearer;^ D. A. Keniphill. grand standard
bearer;-C.H.' Brink, senior grand dea
con;: N.--C, Wells, . junior grand deacon;
H. L. Green, senior-grand steward; O.
F. - Huber,* Junior : grand ; steward; Fred
B. Wood, grand : pu rsui vant ; , Samuel D.
Mayer,,.grand organist,. and. George P.
Adams,' grand tyler.
"Grand Master . Hart's introductory
address was brief. He told of the prin
ciples and precepts of . Masonry, 1 among
the strongest- of * which" were those of
brotherly duty in time of death. He
formally /accepted, in" behalf !of . the
Grand Lodge, the . invitation of t the
cemetery; association to lay the corner
stone,-and expressed the hope that this
new-home for the dead should be point
ed to * with , pride' ; and ' redound to the
glory of the order. '
.Then -.the. ceremonies '6t laying, the
stone (were"; carried out. * In. the recep-
STOCKTON, Oct. 29.— In, a race
with death . from Juneau, Alaska, to
Woodbridge, In this county, Bert Gor
don lost in this city early last evening.
He died at St. Joseph's Home within
an hour after his arrival here.
Young . Gordon was taken ill at
Juneau . and his physicians told him
that he could not recover. He started
in an effort to reach home before he
died. He telegraphed from San Fran
cisco yesterday that he would be up
on the noon train. " The train was late
and thoryjfyi;!! man reached this city
about 3 o'clock. His brother, Emmett
Gordon, met him and had him. re
moved at , once to St. Joseph's . Home,
where he expired a short time after
his arrival. .
His father and mother, Mr. and Mrs.
M. A. Gordon, and several brothers did
not see the young man before he. died,
though they made every effort to reach
the hospital before death closed the
eyes of the wanderer. ..!/•'<
It was the fourth annual ball and en
tertainment of the club, which Is now
in a flourishing condition and has done
much to revive interest here in Erin's
national dances. ,- 9S3
The most striking feature of the en
tertainment was the grand march of
200 children in costume and an exhibi
tion of jig dancing' as they stood in a
line that stretched from one end of the
great hall to the other. Little tots ac
quitted themselves creditably In the
lively step and won thunderous ap
plause.
Then there was a four-hand reel by
members of the club in costume, which
was followed by an eight-hand reel.
The dash of the Irish dancing stirred
the audience and the graceful perform
ers were liberally applauded.
' The grand march of the ball was led
by Mayor Eugene KSchmltz and wife.
There were twelve numbers on the pro
gramme and three extras. Joseph P.
Kelleher was floor manager and* his
assistants were P. J. Crowe and B. J.
Sylver. The following gave aid as a
floor committee: P. Loner gan, J. J.
O'Connell, M. Deasy, F. Magee, P. J.
Madlgan, Martin Finn, T. Lucey,
James Smith, M. Lynch, Mrs. McMa
hon, Miss Josie Egan. Miss Lizzie
Egan and Miss Katie Tobin.
The success of the entertainment was
greatly enhanced by a stereoptlcon dis
play of views of scenery and historic
places cf picturesque Ireland. The
lakes ' of Killarney and Dublin scenes
were highly appreciated and the mani
festations of enthusiasm were hearty.
The Gaelic Dancing Club gave an en
tertainment and ball at Mechanics' Pa
vilion last night that in point of atten
dance outshone all social events of the
season. There was plenty of enjoy
ment as well, the programme of Irish
dances being of an unusually high or
der and the ball continuing till a late
hour.
Special Dispatch to Tb» Call.
Reaper Claims Young; Man
Who Left Alaska Hoping
to Spend Last Days Home
Gaels Make Merry at Annual
Entertainment .. arid Ball
in Mechanics' Pavilion
DEATH VICTOR
IN LONG RACE
ERIN'S DANCES
STIR HER SONS
The Santa Rosa' Press-Democrat con
tributes this - paragraph to the litera
ture of the campaign:
"The Call appears to have given up
Its attempt to back up Mr. McKinlay's
absurd claim that 'Bell had nothing
to do with securing the naval collier
appropriation,' but it has not yet apol
ogized either to Mr.' Be!l for misrepre
senting him before the people nor to
Senator Perkins for garbling his, in
terview on; the subject."
The accuracy of The * Call's version
of the collier legislation is* vouched for
by Senator, Perkins. Moreover," Victor
H. Metcalf. 'of President Roosevelt's
Cabinet wires to the : Republican State
Central Committee' that' the collier
was obtained by - Perkins* Sen
ate amendment. The Call's orig
inal assertion . that the only
achievement of o Bell in Congress
was the abolition of the canteen at the
Soldiers' Home is amply verified. The
prohibition : press * is . giving the Con'-'
gressman all the credit he deserves for
this, legislation.
It is common talk in political camps
that Bell's declaration. in favor of giv
ing lip the Philippine Islands will cost
him many votes on November 8. Bell's
utterances at Colusa on the topic will
be discussed this coming week by all
the Republican campaign speakers .» of
the Second District. It' is the
ment , of " the State Central Committee
that the business -men, workmen^ and
farmers of California,, Irrespective, of
party, are . in favor of ' holding the ¦; isl
ands and developing the trade of '.the
Orient. The question is asked," '.'Can; a
district of California at ' this* time '.- af •?
"To Members of Republican Commit
tees and Organizations— Election day is
near at- hand and . few votes - can be
changed. Our duty lies, in getting Re
publicans to the~ polls, having their
votes cast and honestly • counted. We
ask you to secure volunteers to serve at
the voting booth's on election day in
checking the lists, and in this way you
will know who^the dilatory Republicans
are and who must then be reminded of
their duty. .Every member of. a Repub
lican committee, or club should gladly
give his services to the party on elec
tion day. J'\ . ' .. ..
"Especially in the closely contested
Congressional districts should you'Im
press upon voters the fact that trading
is to be ' the greatest effort of the en
emy to secure votes for the Congres
sional nominees. ; Majorities for. the
head of our ticket will, be i so. great that
if Republicans will adhere to the right
principle and vote the whole ticket our
candidates will all be elected.
"GEORGE STONE,
"Chairman Republican State Commit
. tee."
. - SECOND DISTRICT.
The State committee is informed that
Democrats are offering to trade off the
head of the ticket in order to gain votes
for their Congressional. nominees. This
warning circular^was* issued yesterday
from party headquarters in this city:.
.-PALACE HOTEL, SANqSRANCISCO,
- Oct. 29, 1904. v \ .
NOTE OF WARNING.
Joseph D. Redding, an illustrious Na
tive Son of the Golden West, who has
reflected honor on California in every
State of the Union and in several for
eign countries, will speak for the Re
publican cause at the Alhambra Thea
ter next Saturday evening. The meet
ing will be held under the auspices of
the Republican State Central Commit
tee. Mr. Redding's acceptance of the
committee's invitation for him to speak
was wired to General Stone yesterday.
Note of Warning Is
Sent Out to
Voters.
JOSEPH D. REDDING
Next Saturday at
the llhambra;
Theater. ?
NATIVE SON
OF RENOWN
WILL TALK
Masons Dedicate Spot Among Colmas
Mills to Eternal Rest of Beloved Dead
GERMAN-AMERICANS OF THE CITY
SOLID FOR REPUBLICAN TICKET
Sold Enthusiastic
Meeting to Aid
the Candidates
BELL'S VIEWS
ARE LAID BARE
Dozier of Shasta
Favors the Pol=
icy of McKinlay
CHAIRMAN OF'' THE • GERMAN
AMERICAN REPUBLICAN RALLY
AT THE ALHAMBRA. THEATER.
The German-American citizens of
San Francisco solid for the Repub
lican ticket from top to bottom. This
fact was demonstrated last evening at
the Alhambra Theater, which was
crowded with the members and friends
cf the German-American Republican
Club, which called the meeting to in
dorse the candidacy of Roosevelt and
Fairbanks and the Congressional, leg
islative and judicial nominees of the
party.
In the absence of President Weinecke
of the club C. B. Rode, vice president,
presided. His enthusiasm for the party
ticket inspired the audience, and he led
it in the frequent bursts of applause
that greeted the speakers. Mr. Rode
spoke briefly when he took the chair
and assailed the Democrats for their
eiforts to mike "Imperialism" the is
sue of the present campaign.
"The cry of •imperialism" that has
been raised by the Democrats should
tie us more closely to the Republican
party, because the Republican party's
demonstration of ; courage has caused
the cry of the Democrats. The Demo
crats say that only hoodlums went to
the Philippines to fight for the flag.
Though this is false, we will say to
them that it matters not, for our sol
diers came back victorious and honor
rested on the flag and on the people.
Their victory vas well won, and now
it is incumbent upon us to retain the
fruits of their victory, and we will not
prove false to our bounden duty."
The remarks of Mr. Rode were en
thusiastically applauded. General
Salomon, a distinguished veteran of
the Civil War and official, was first in
troduced by Che chairman. General
Salomon addressed the audience in
German, and that his remarks won
the approval of the audience was at
tested by frequent cheers and applause.
Following General Salomon's speech
the Stanford Republican Quartet sang
"America" In German to the great de
light of the audience. The German-
American Club Sextet also sang songs
that won approval and applause.
SHASTA ORATOR SPEAKS.
Thomas B. Dozier of Shasta was the
next speaker and his remarks proved
the most interesting of the meeting.
In the years gone by Mr. Dozier was
a Democrat and, knowing how it feels
to emerge from the darkness of false
doctrine into the light of demonstrated
truth, he had an unusual story to tell
to the audience and it listened to him
with treat interest from first to last.
In part Mr. Dozier said:
"I have not always been a Repub
lican. As. a Democrat I w'as a dele
gate to the first convention that nom
inated William Jennings Bryan for
President of the United States. How
ever, if the Creator will forgive me for
this, I will endeavor never to commit
euch an error again. The cause that
prompted me to become a Republican
is easily explained. Finding that the
Democratic policies were not making
for the progress and upbuilding of the
nation and after mature study estab
lishing to my own satisfaction that
they were drifting farther from their
avowed purpose I came to the part
ing of the ways. Then I took up the
other side of the question and found
that the Republican party was stand
ing for all things that promised prog
ress and prosperity. Then I did the
sane and natural thing and became
a Republican. And I am "glad that
I did. for now I feel that I can add
my measure to the influences that
have made this nation the greatest
the world has ever seen or ever will
se*.
"At a recent date I was going over
the mountains of my district and there
I met with evidence of the soundness
of the change of party I had made.
Coming -down the grades of these
mountains I saw heavy wagons mov
ing slowly along with their great bur
dens of wool and hops. On every hand
there were herders keeping the flocks
from mingling; farmers were busily
engaged and, where a few years before
there had been a wilderness, school
houees dotted the forests to give edu
cation ' to the children of the husband
men. How different It was from ' the
day I first traveled through that coun
try espousing the cause of Democracy!
And what has brought about this great
change In conditions? The Republican
policy of protection has done It and so
Icng as this policy remains in force
will the , posperity of this great region
continue and grow.
The last trip I 'made through this
EULOGIZES McKIXLAY.
now flourishing country I made to
further the interests of that peerless
young Republican, Duncan E. McKin
lay, who is go-ing to reclaim from the
Democrats the Second Congressional
District at" the next election.' The poli
cies Mr. McKinlay advocates - are the
policies of the Republican party and on
Mr. McKinlay the party may rely for
his fullest support when he reaches
the halls of Congress.
"And regarding the conditions in the
Second Congressional j District I want
to say something more. A few days
ago I was astonished to read that in
his speech at Colusa, Theodore A. Bell,
the Democratic nominee for Congress
in the Second District, said, that he in
dorsed the words of Senator Newlands
of Nevada when he said that we didn't
want the Philippine Islands; that we
should turn them loose, save for a
coaling station or two that might be
retained for the purposes of the Gov
ernment. I was astonished that at this
Colusa meeting, when he uttered these
words, Mr. Bell should have asked
that* the voters send him back to Con
gress to lend his aid in an effort to turn
loose the Philippines; to do an act that
would not only, be disastrous to the na
tion, but dishonorable as well.
"I am equally surprised at the stand
Newlands took that enabled him to be
thus quoted. The Congressional Record
shows that he was the author of a
resolution inviting Cuba to annex to
the United States, and the . Record
shows that he drafted the resolution
under which the Hawaiian Islands be
came an American -.territory. He was
not an anti-imperialist then, but he as-,
serts he Is now. Doubtless the Demo
cratic bankruptcy of issues . is responsi
ble for his change of opinion. 4
LET THE FLAG REMAIN.
"Bell is now saying that he believes
the Philippine Islands should be turned
loose. You , remember when the call
came to the young men of the. nation
to uphold the. dignity. of- the flag.; Many!
of the young men of this city. went to
the islands in. answer to. this : call and
they're there to-night sleeping: where
the waves beat in ceaseless requiem.
On the altar * of their * country ; they
gave up their lives; they died fighting
while the flag was nailed high to the
mast. So long as the memory of their
deeds remain, ' tend it will . never, die,
let the flag, remain; never . haul : it
down." .
Prolonged cheering marked the con
clusion of Mr. ' Dozier'a speech, which
was delivered with , great . dramatic
force . and in a manner that * compelled
conviction. . Judge George ,-- H. Bahrs
followed Mr. Dozier, briefly ' summing
up the* issues , of .the campaign, 'and
gave way to Julius ; Kahn, Republican
candidate* for Congress in the Fourth
District, whd.sald' in-part:
"The first thing / that . comes to j my.
mind to-night is the "quotation from
the campaign , slogan of the Democrats,
'Economy <fof : administration.' I want
to : tell you, . ; my! friends, that the Go v
ernment has never before in all its his
tory been run so economically, as at the'
present time. If 'you are . told , that ; the
expenses of : the, Government have In-^
creased; you may reply 1 that the 'popu-
lation of the country and the exports
have also increased.
"One of the first things suggested by
'the statement of the' Democrats' that*
the Government- is -supplying expensive
luxuries is the system of rural mail de
livery. It is estimated ! that there are*
23,000 free rural delivery routes', at ¦ the
present time in the United States! Over
the routes the farmers are being sup
plied with millions of . letters and are
sending away other millions to their
friends and kin. The Democrats' do not
talk -of doing, away, with .that luxury.
They, do not dare. They know well that
if such a movement was planned they
would lose the very small percentage of
the great rural vote that may possibly
be theirs.
RECORD OF THE PARTY.
"I further suppose that the " Demo
crats consider the building and-com
pletion of the Panama canal a luxury
and a waste of money,, Let me tell
you, fellow Republicans, that the Pan
ama canal will be one of the . great
monuments to Republican administra
tion in the ages to come. They talk
about the- feeling and 'temper, of • the
people toward the project and toward
the work of the Republicans while they
have been in power, but I am willing
to leave our record to the people, and
the Democrats will learn the temper
of American citizens at the polls on
November S.
"The campaign so far has been on
one side a campaign of principles
against one. of personality. I have
nothing whatever to say against the
personality of candidate Parker, . who
is a fine representative American. But,
thank God, they can say nothing,
truthfully, against our own leader.
No, my friends;.' personalities are =¦ not
the issue. Principles are the import
ant considerations of the day, and to
those principles j the . Republicans will
adhere and accept the ruling of the
majority."
At the conclusion cf Kahn's speech
the candidate, was heartily cheered.
The band struck up "Columbia" and,
following the music, Oscar Tolle read
a message from Robert Wlenecke, for
mer president of the German American
Republican '; Club, wishing success to
the nominees, Roosevelt, Fairbanks,
Kahn and Hayes. : l ¦" .
HAYES CHEERED.
E. A., Hayes, the Republican nominee
from ; the ; Fifth Congressional District,
then took the platform and was heart
ily, chaired.' He said: i/ '
¦_¦ "I- want to - tell you something about
myself, my; friends, tefore I proceed
with 'the discussion of !men and. issues.
I am not- overcome • 5 with the great
modesty of some candidates. I tell' you
frankly that I want '« your' votes,; first,
because you need a "Republican' in Con
gress during ¦ the next ' session \ of ¦ that
body . and, . secoadiy, because I want to
represent you. • ; :
"I ' was born in Wisconsin and spent
the- early'part of i my, life among; the
children- of _ German parentage,' for .Wis
consin Is one-third— yes, one-half—Ger
man ' by descent. ; And;as a ¦ race? they,
are steady,- sober-minded, thoughtful
and painstaking. .In all the yagaries'of
the Democratic parti";; in its procession
of free silver, Coxey'j armies, anti-ex-;
pansion and the' like, there were' very
few Germans In -. the Tanjcs..
"Now, • I want ; to~.i tell -you .why* you
need .'a Republican in Congress. Sup
pose that an important piece of legisla
tion/ affecting. -California's interest
comes : up ' for . passing. ' Don't you 1 be
lieve, that 1 a- Republican . Congressman,
in touch .with a- Republican'. Congress
and President,. can accomplish more for
the* State's interest* than 'ten i Demo
crats? .. -
.''After ¦ being elected yl • would .. go .to
the \ Speaker? and '.'say..* that*' I', wanted
LAY CORNERSTONE FOR CEMETERY
¦ " ' ¦*> ¦ .¦¦".! _ » —^— J /N± - .'-TfrifMj*]Mmr!K??iJ_^IEg^£^^r5M^EmMi E3kBl5g'^*"-liBvSiSt
Pa|s37 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1904.• Owing to the disquieting rumors
about Gans' weight Willie Brltt and
AI Herford held a conference last
r.isht. The outcome was that each
posted an additional S2500 with Harry
Corbett, guaranteeing that Britt and
Gans would weigh in to-morrow night
at 1CS pounds ringside. This makes
So 000 in all which each man has
posted.
It is expected Britt will be well
within the weight, eo the additional
forfeit v.-as exacted to make sure of
Gans. The quickness with which
Herford agreed to the proposition is
taken as a farther Indication that he
anticipates no difficulty in landing
Gans in the rin^ at weight How
much of the' champion's strength will
l>e taken from him only the fight can
determine. ¦-.:¦•;
for WciKht.
Gans and Ilritt Put Up Another $2500
POST ANOTHER FORFEIT.
Sixth race, mile and a sixtenth
Baikal won, Buglehorn second, Dar
gin third. Time, 1:48%. •
Seventh race, six furlongs — May
Lowery won. Hopeful Miss second,
Ben Heywood^ third. Time, 1:14.
Second race, five and a half fur
longe — Royal Legend won. Padre sec
ond, Seasick third. Time, 1:07%.
Third race, six furlongs — Ed Ball
won. The Major second, Norel third.
Time, 1:13%.
Fourth . race, Metropolitan Street
Railway Company's handicap, mile
and a half, 52500 added — Flying Tor
pedo won, Elle second, Neversuch
third. Time, 2:33%. ..... .
Fifth race, one mile— aDalvay* won,
Harbor second, Formaster third. Time,
1:40.
First race, five and a half furlongs
— Jimalong won, Our Sallie second,
Our Lillie third. Time. 1:07%.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 29. — At the
Elm Ridge track Judge Trevelyan an
nounced to-day that Jockey George
Mountain had been ruled off for life.
He also restored Jockey Michaels and
Owner Boasberg to good standing.
Judge Trevelyan said that he had pos
itive evidence that Mountain offered
Jockey Jones $100 to pull Tyrolian,
October 8, and that he made proposi
tions to other boys. The meeting end
ed to-day. Summary:
Judge Trcvelyan Says Evidence Is
Strong Against the Boy.
JOCKEY MOUNTAIN RULED OFF.
SEATTLE, Oct.. 29.— Joe Corbett
took Jimmy Whalen's place at the be
ginning of the third inning to-day be
cause the gentle -James was retired for
kicking. Corbett had everything in
the catalogue and mowed the Siwashes
down as if they were made of straw.
In. all he struck out ten men. He
was espeeiAliy effective at critical
points. Anderson, Hildebrand, Irwin
and Shea put up a superior quality of
ball. A double header to-morrow ends
the season Un Seattle. Score:
San FrancUcb — Seattle—^
A.B. R. H. P.A. A.B. R. H. P.A.
Htldeb.lf S 0 3 4 O VanHl.cf 3 0 0 0 0
Meanr.rr 3 0 0 0 0 Delaht.Sb 4 0 10 4
lrwln,3b 4 0 0 0 3 Pmlth.rf. 4 11 2 0
VanBr.lb 8 10 8 O Frl«k,lf . 4 0 112
Waldn.cf 4 0 110 Leahy, c 1 0 1 6 1
Andr«,2b 3 1114 Howlt,8b 4 0 0 11
Oochnr.i 3 0 0 S 1 Hall, a .4 0 0 3 5
Shea. c. 3 1 0 11 0 Willm.lb 3 0 0 14 0-
WheJen,p 10 0 O 0 Hickey.p 4 0 0 0 5
Corbet, p 20001
Totals. 31 1 4 27 IS
T0talB.20 3 5 27 9
RUN'S AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 00 0 0 0 1 0 0 0—1
Ba«c hits 0 0 0 1 0 2 0 0 1—4
San Franct»co ..020001000—3
Base hits 120001100—5
SUMMARY.
Error* — Hall, Gochnauer, Shea. Stolen bases —
Meany 2. Shea. Sacrifice hits — Van. Haltren,
Ano>raon. Gochnauer. Two-baae hits — C.
Smith, Anderson. Three-base hit— Hildebrand.
Doublo iilays—Frlsk. Hall and Howlett; Ir
win. Anderson and Van Buren. Bases on balls
Off Hickey 2 off Whalen 2, off Corbett 4.
Hit bv pitched ball— Leahy (by Corbett).
Struck out— By Hickey 4. by Corbett 10. Hits
— Oft Whalen 0, off Corbett 4. Inning's pitched
— By Whalen 2, by Corbett 7. Wild pitch —
Hickey. Time of name — 2 hours. Umpire—
Cacidy. • .
When He Takes the Box Slwashes Fan
With Regularity.
JOE CORBETT TO THE RESCUE
ITHACA, N. Y., Oct. 29.— Princeton
von to-day's football f-rme from Cor
nell, 18 to 6. .The victors were forced
to work their, hardest to make gains,
but they were outclassed by Cornell
in many stages of the game, especially
in the first part of the contest.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— Outclassed in
every department of the game, Colum
bia's football eleven was defeated by
Yale at Amer^n Park to-iay, 34 to 0.
In their five contests this was Yale's
most decisive victory. It ; '"as Yale's
day from the start and after the fl>6t
half it became a question of the score,
not of the result.
Kalamazoo, Mich. — Albion 44, Kala
mazoo Ol Bloomlngton, Ind.— Indiana
University 6. Ohio State University 0.
Middletown, Conn. — Dartmouth 3, TVes
leyan 0. Beloit, Wis.— Beloit College 5,
Lawrence 5. Des Moines — Drake Uni
versity C7. Grinnell 0. Iowa City— Iowa
University JO, Agricultural College 6.
Washington. Pa.— Washington and Jef
ferson 35, Geneva NorrCil 0. Philadel
phia — Georgetown 1", Holy Cross 4.
Gambier — Ohio Wesleyan University
12, Kenyon 0. Cleveland — Case School
1«. Oberlin 0. Columbus, O.—Univer
sity of Cincinnati 17; Ohio Medical Col
lege 0. Culver, Ind.— Culver Military
Academy 6, Armour Institute 5. Han
over, Ind. — Hanover College 4, Co
lumbus High School 0. Seattle
— Washington 12/ Pullman 6. Port
land— Multnomah A. C. 29, {i'tah Agri
cultural College 0. Denver — Final
score: Utah University 12, Denver Uni
versity 0. Marshall Field — Final: Chi
cago 6, Illinois 6. Chicago — Northwest
ern University 45, De Pauw Univer
sity 0.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. Oct. 29.— The
Harvard foofball eleven was not only
defeated and prevented from scoring on
iioldiers' Field, to-day, b<rO was com
pletd? outplayed in every .department
of the game by the University of Penn
eylvaata by a score of 11 to 0. Only
Lfcrfce times throughout the game was
the Harvard eleven within striking dis
tance of Pennsylvania's goal. On two
cf these occasions ehe fumbled the ball.
On the third she was held for downs
when only twelve yards away from the
Pennsylvania goal. The game was a
spectacular one throughout. The Penn
sylvania play was extremely versatile —
punting, delayed passes, quarterback
run?, fake kicks and plunges through
the line rapidly following each other.
Twenty-live hundred followers of
Pennsylvania occupied the east side of
the stadium, and the scene in that sec
tion when Pennsylvania scored was
spectacular. •
The game, was unusually rough, slug
ging being frequent on both tides, and
for this offense two Pennsylvania play
ers were ruled off the field Jy Referee
Kd wards.
From \ the appearance of' Joe Gans
yesterday; and ' accepting 6s accurate
the statements of Manager Herford as
to his weight, • the * lightweight .cham
pion will present himself at Mechanics'
Pavilion on "Monday night at '.weight.
To do so will require that he deny him
self in the matter. or liquids, and also
that he. must continue his work on the
road until -Monday' noon.
After being, on the .road, yesterday
morning; and working In the gymna
sium-in the afternoon his weight was
annqunoed^as being" 134^ pounds.. He
will work on the , road both morning
and afternoon : to*day, and Trainer
Frank 'McDonald expects him to go to
bed 'to-night 132 pounds. He
loseB- one -pound each night/ so he
should ¦ awaken to-morrow morning
weighing 131 pounds.
He will, be kept : up lateto-nlght and
will sleep to-morrow until 10 o'clock.
This is intended' to make the waking
hours of Gans as short aa possible on
the day the fight. After breakfast,
which will consist of quail and other
delicacies, he will go on the road and
will bring himself back to the 131
pound notch, if the calculations of his
trainer work out in a satisfactory man
ner. He has touched 133 pounds during
his present training. He will come to
the city at 3:30 and will eat a substan
tial dinner. about 5 o'clock. This is ex
pected to land him In the ring at 9:30
just under the weight.
GANS' BODY SEEMS RUGGED.
If these natural methods do not bring
about the desired results the Champion
must have recourse to baths and rub
bing, something neither he nor his ad
visers are counting. on at present.
While Gans' face, is drawn, , the re
mainder of his body, seems normal. His
legs,, arms and shoulders, as seen
through • his training clothes, are not
below their usual size. In his gymna
sium work yesterday Gans wore a suit
of light underwear and a sweater. He
had been at work roughing it with
"Kid" Sullivan in a cold room but a
few minutes when the perspiration
commenced to gather on his face,
showing he is not dried out to the limit
of his endurance.
The days when big Overall held the
Indian sign high over the heads of the
Commuters are no more. They can j
go in and get. the big fellow now, and i
when he has not a bunch of control at j
his com.nand it i3 even more easy for j
Uncle Peter's warriors. They were |
never in danger yesterday, for Doc I
Moskiman was making the Tigers look
like ordinary monkeys in every Inning.
Score — Oakland. 3; Tacoma, 1.
' The Tigers took several trips high
into the heavens when the Commuters
managed to get men on the paths.
These periods, as a general rule, were
full of disaster, for the Oaklanders
were light of foot and ready to skim
around the green on the slightest
provocation. Only two hits figured in
the run getting, though others should
have produced results.
Moskiman's grand work in the Oak
land box was the most remarkable
feature of the game. Barring an error
by Devereaux in the first round, the
Tigers would not have approached any
place near the plate. Devereaux erred
on the first ball hit by Doyle and Shee
han sacrificed. Nordyke produced the
necessary hit and Doyle saved his
mates from the humiliation of a shut
out. .* ;
With one to the bad in round three
Moskiman drew a pass. Ganley
dropped one at the plate and Graham
threw it away at first, putting Ganley
on and sending Moskiman to second.
Francka forced Bobby, but Dunleavy
laced a fast one to right, bringing the
Doc in. Doyle heaved to Sheehan and
the latter booted the ball. Francks
was frisky and kept on. running till he
landed in safety.
There was a lull till the fifth, when
the Commuters eased another man
over the jumps. This time .Ganley led
oft with a hit and stole. Graham
again tossed badly, the ball going out
to center and letting Ganley anchor
at third. The hit and run signal was
given and went wrong the first time, for
Dunleavy fouled. He had two strikes
when it was tried again. He missed,
but the ball got away from Graham
and Ganley slid in without interrup
tion. The score:
Oakland — ] Tacoma —
AB.R. H. P.A.I AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganly.rf 4 114 0 Doyle.rf 4 10 10
Frnks.ss 4 1 O 3 1 Shehn,3b 2 O 0 2 3
Dnlevy.lf 4 0 2 10 Nrdyk.lb 4 0 18 0
Sch.fty.2b 3 0 0 1 l;Eagan.6s 4 0 0 2 2
Krugr.cf 2 0 12 0 Casey.2b 4 0 14 2
Strelb.lb 2 O 1 10 1 Lynch. cf 4 0 10 0
Devrx,3b 3 0 0 12 McLln.lf 3 « 0 2 0
Bymes.c 8 0 0 4 O Grahm.c 3 O 1 6 2
Mskmn,p 2 10 1 S.Overll ,p S 0 0 0 3
Totals.27 3 5 27 io! Totals. 31 1 4 24 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 100 1 00 10 1—4
Oakland 0 O 2 0 1 0 00 x— 3
Baee hits 1 0 1 2 1 O O O x — 5
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Sheehan, Nordyke. Errors —
Graham (2), Sheehan. Casey, Devereaux,
Francks, Byrnes. Sacrifice hits — Sheehan, Mc-
Laughlin, Kruger. First base on errors — Oak
land 1. Tacoma 2. First base on called balls —
Off Mosklman 1, oft Overall 5. I>!ft on bases
— Oakland «. Tacoma 5. Struck out — By Mos
kiman 4, by Overall 5. Hit by pitcher —
Schlafley. Passed ball— Graham. Wild
pitches — Overall (2). Time of game — 1:50.
Umpire — Pertne.
In his work with Sullivan he showed
all the quickness of hand and eye and
foot for which he is noted. The rounds
were. unlimited in length, the bustling
work bein? continued until Sullivan
had enough. This was after twenty
minutes" work."
Gans then took on Rudolph Gross
man and went through the same tac
tics with him.
According to Manager Herford, Gans
weighed 132V& pounds when he fought
Erne In 1902. He signed for Rufe Tur
ner some months later at 135, and
weighed in at 134 pounds easily. For
three years he has been fighting at
catchweights, as there has been no
legitimate lightweight In sight until
Britt appeared.
BRITT IS NOT CONSISTENT.
Gans scoffs at Brltt being able to
hold both the feather-weight and the
lightweight titles should he win the
latter to-morrow. He thinks Britt is
not consistent in making him scrape
down to the lowest point to defend
his title when, he claims, Britt has
said he will defend the feather-weight
title at 132 pounds.
Gans smiles broadly when his friends
ask him if he will make the weight.
His invariable answer is: "I'll be
there all right and be able to take care
of myself."
Gans 1 seconds on Monday night will
be Al Herford, Sol English, Frank Mc-
Donald and Kid Sullivan. ZlcK Abrama
will hold the watch for the Balti
morean. r;V ;
KELLY WILL SECOND BRITT.
Clever Handler Agrees to Act as Chief
Adviser of Callfornian.
Jimmy Britt is at fighting weight,
133 pounds, and his siege of training
is practically at an end. To-day he
will take an easy jog on the road in
the morning. In the afternoon he
will go into his gymnasium and ex
ercise lightly to give his friends and
admirers an opportunity to look him
over and judge of his fitness to cope
with the clever and experienced Joe
Gans. It is expected the largest
Admirers of ' the Victorious
Team Carry Their Heroes
Off Field After Struggle
W. L. Pet. I IV. L. Pet.
Tacoma .....50 34 .593 Seattle 45 41.52:5
Los Angeles.. 44 36 .&50fian Kran.. . ..37 48 .440
Oakland 4t 40 .r«24 jPortland 31 53 .374
STANDING, OF THE 'CLUBS
one-sided exhibition, Los Angeles win
ning by a score of 6 to 1. To-day's
game was the last of the season here,
both teams departing for the south to
night. The score:
Los Aneeles — Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. 11. P.A.
Brnrd, cf 4 11 3 0 Drnan, cf 5 0 1 6 1
Flood, 2b 4 10 7 1 Holnd. rf 3 1 0 1 0
Smith 3b 4 0 0 1 ' 2 Xdeau. If 3 . 0 0 0 0
Crvath.rf 4 0 0 2 1 Beck. 3b. 4 0 2 4 2
Chase, lb 4 0 0 9 1 Runkle, s 3 0 1.3 B
Toman, e 4 1 10 3 Spencr,2b 2 0 0 0 2
Ross, If . . 4 14 2 0 Kellcky.c 4 0 12 2
Spies, c. . 3 1 1 2 1 Davis, lb 4 0 0 11 0
Jones, p. 4 1 10 1 Butler, p 4 0 0 0 3
Edgar, c. 0 0 010
— Totals. 32 1 5 27 15
Tot&la. 35 , 6 8 27 10
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS. *
Portland ........00 0 0 0 1 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 00110 12O—6
Los Angeles. ....1 2 0 0 200 0 1—6
Base hits...... 1 3 0 111 0 1.0—8
SUMMARY.
Errors— Flood.' Cravath, Beck 2, Runkle, Kel
larkey, Dutler. Stolen base — Roes. Bases on
ballB — Off Jones S. 8truck out — By Butler 2,
by Jones 3. Double play — Chas« to Spies to
Cham;. Left on bases — Portland 9, Los Angeles
6. Hit by pitched ball— Butler 2, Jones 1.
Pagged ball— Bples. Sacrifice hits— Smith. Ber
nard. Time of game— One hour and thirty
minutes. Umpire— Brown.
MANY BBILLIANT FEATS
Disastrous Accident Occurs
While the First Section of
Train Is Taking on Wood
Men who are In the habit of risking
money on the outcome of prizefights
seem scarce at the present time. At
least their money is not making its
presence felt. All day and night yes
terday the. odds of 10 to 8, with Gans
the public choice, prevailed and there
were only a few takers at this tempt
ing price. 0'.M
No large wager* were recorded.
Somehow or other the betting men are
shy on coming forward with their
coin. There seems plenty of them
who will talk about the price and
v/hat man they like, yet when it cornea
to digging into their jeans and pro
ducing the hard metal they are" not
there this time. It looks as though
the sports are holding back for some
thing to spring in a day or so.
Brisk betting is predicted for Mon
day. It would appear at the present
time that Gans will enter the ring a
7 to 10 favorite or perhaps a trine
longer. If the odds happen to drop a
point the Brltt bettors will unquestion
ably make a jump, for it is believed
many of them are holding out for a
more reasonable opening.
Gans Still Rules a 10 to 8 Choice
Over Brltt.
BETTIXG CONTINUES LIGHT.
crowd that has yet visited the little
fighter's quarters at Croll's Gardens
in Alameda will be present.
Britt's work yesterday consisted of
a four-mile tramp in the morning and
the usual stunts in the gymnasium in
the afternoon. He tossed the medicine
ball, punched the bag, pulled and
shoved about the wrestling mat with
"Tiv" Kreling, wound the wrist ma
chine and swung the dumbbells.
Spider Kelly called upon Britt yes
terday and after a conference a deal
was made whereby tha astute second
is to go behind Jimmy to-morrow
night and will be his chief adviser. It
seemed for a time Kelly would not be
the director in chief of Britt's coach
ers, but a satisfactory arrangement
was reached and Kelly will be there
with the quick eye and quicker wit.
ALBANY, Oregon, Oct. 29.— Six men
were slightly injured and two valuable
racehorses were killed in a rear-end
collision between two freight trains cm
the Southern Pacific near Jefferson to
day. Five of the injured men were in
charge of a car of ten racehorses,
bound for Oakland, Cal. They are:
John McCarthy. Salem, Or.
John C. Turner, San Leandro, CaL
Mike Malone, San Francisco. . (
Herbert Kent, San Franciscc.
John Latrass, Salt Lake.
The second section of the freight
train ran into the first section, which
had stopped for wood, telescoping sev
eral cars. In one of these were the race
horses, belonging to Johnson & Co. and
William Reynolds of Great Falls, Mont,
The horse Sallle Goodwin was killed,
while Clivoso was bo badly injured he
had to be destroyed. Bummer, Subur
ban Queen and Stewardess were slight
ly injured.
Crokcr'3 Motor Boat Wins.
NEW YORK. Oct. 29.— The longest
race run by motor boats in American
waters was finished to-night when
Frank Croker's Xpdnc grossed the fin
ish line of the Columbia Yacht Club's
house, on the Hudson River at Eighty
sixth street, after having covered 136.3
miles. The course was from the club
house here around a stakeboat at
Poughkeepsie and return.
The competitors were the Xpdnc.
the Vingtet-Un II, steered by Clinton
Crane, and the Challenger, steered by
A. D. Proctor Smith. Croker's boat
won easily.
WANTS STREET SIGNS PLACED.— Tho
Point Lobos Improvement Club yesterday peti
tioned the Supervisors to -utilize the appro
priation of 915CO to place signs on lamp posts
designating the names of streets in the Rich*
mond District.
SIX HEX AKE IXJTJEED
Big Fellow's WMness .apT wo Misplays
Let in Enough Riihs to Win.
EXPECTS TO BE TWO POUNDS
UNDER THE REQUIRED POINT
ON THE MORNING OF FIGHT
Mighty Crimson Eleven Out
played at Every Point by
Dashhig Quaker Kickers
Two Valuable Eacers Meet
Death in a Train Wreck
Near Jefferson, Oregon
Champion Gans Sure of His Weight
HARVARD BOWS
LOW TO PENNSY
Commuters Go Right
After Overall.
HORSES KILLED
IN COLLISION
GANS DEPOSITS ADDITIONAL FORFEIT OF $2500 WITH HARRY CORBETT
TO GUARANTEE HIS APPEARANCE AT THE REQUIRED WEIGHT WITH BRITT
WRIT OF ATTACHMENT.— A writ of at
tachment was served yesterday on J. W. Welch
of the Fidelity Funding Company, another al
leged: get-rich-quick concern. The attachment
was served at the instance Of H. L. Hobson,
who has a claim against the company for f 900.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs:
purse;, maidens: two-year-olds and up: <
Betting. - Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 6— Oxford, 112 (Martin) . ; .'V- 5 2 1 %1 h ¦
12 to 1— Sup. Court, ICO (Gannon) 1 1 « 2 lW
12 to 1— Courier. 100 (O'Nell) ; ; ; . 2 3 1 »/j3 h
Time. 1:07 4-5.. Start good.' Won driving."
Winner.- J; McLaughlin's gr. c. ; by •- Faraday-
Aunt : Belle. ' Gold Fleur, -Yorkshire Lad, Met
ropole, ; Master ¦> of a Craft,'. Red ; Fox. Black
Prince. Eccentrical, ; Kassli, Prestige, - Light
Note, -Modest, Salt and : Pepper, finished a»
ttam*4 ¦-¦ ' -•-¦¦'*. ... .i-,,--". -¦ . , v -'¦¦.- ,r-.-^. . -. * 4 .-
ASKS CONTRIBUTIONS.— Acting J Superin
tendent' of Schools > Macurda' yesterday issued
a circular ' to principals and teachers contain
ing, a request for the annual contribution of 10
cents for ' the Children's ' Hospital. . At th« ;
' time of .the 'death - of I ex-Superintendent Moul
der the department. In tribute to - him, ~ began
the maintenance in the Children' a Hospital of
.th« i '.'Andrew ; J.- Moulder ; Memorial Bed." The,
expense 'is $-5 per year. All money collected'
over !i that ? sum i is : deposited In - the Hlbernla
Bank, where there Is now $600 07. When the
amount ' In - bank - yields 929 . per - annum - these
collections " will cease. '
SEVENTH RACE— One mile and three «Ix
teenths; ¦three-year-olds and uaward:
Betting. - Horse. Welcht. Jockey, St. % Fin.
ltt to 1— Amberlta. 90 (Perslnirer) 5 1 1^1 2
18 to 1 — Frk Rice. 00 (J Conway) 8 3 2 2 1%
7 to 6— Bengal. 86 (L Williams) 1 2 1 8 h
Time. *2:02H- Start good. Won^ easily.
Winner H. B. WllUnbenr's- ch. f. (3) by Bal
gowar.-MI« Baker. George Vivian 08, Klng
stell* f!6. Pathos 104, Second -Mate 8tt, Barca
99, Imboden 00. , finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One .and- an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling: -
Bvtting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
10 to 5— Gravlna. 103 . (Phillips). . C 4 \ ,1 2
: 9 to S— Namtor. 100 (Gannon).;: 1 Ihr22
8 to 1— DaiBy Green, 99 (Cochrn) 4 ' 2 %, 3 3
Time,. 1 :54 2-3. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner, F. Derutu's b. t. by Golden Garter-
Pink Cottane. Mldnhipmah. ; Prince Chin?,
Arachne. Brlarthorpe, Waterford, finished as
named. . :
- SIXTH RACE— One and a half miles; three
year-olds and us: selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
-4 tol— Scortic.: 80 (Jenkins).... 8 11 13%
23 to 5— C. Miller. 85 ( Hoffman)... 1 3 2 2 nk
6 to 5— Little Elkin. 96 (Lannon) 8 2 6 3 8
¦.-. Time, 2 :3U 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, R. F. Myers & ; Co.'s b. m. . (5) ,by
Ecorplon-Voltec. Treaey : 98.. Paramount 94,
Sunnyshore 80, Excentral 70/ La Chaperone 81,
Berry Waddell SI, Satire 97, finished aa named.
SIXTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %- Fin.
2 to 1— Ingolthrift. 100 (Conway) 114 13
10 to 1— Lasso. 100 (W. Blake) 3 32 2 1
20 to 1— Ivernla. 105 (Young). 2 2^82
Time, 1:40. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C W. Gltetis & Co.'s ch. c (S) by In
roldsby-Ada Lid. Sam Craig 103. Mies Man
ners 100, Marltn 100. Mlndora 103. Sambo 100.
finished as named.
RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
the Southold handicap for all ages:
Betting. Horse. Wetght, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Israelite. 02 (Schilling)... 0 2 1U12
t«}°, £"£*".£• ° 5 (Crlmmlns)... 5 3h 23
IS to 10— De Reszke. 109 (Shaw).. 1 5 2 !4^
Time, 1:40 2-6. Start straggling.. Won rid
den out. Winner, J.' R. Keene's ch. c.by Isl
dor-Starllght. Orthodox, , Ormonde 1 * Right and
High Chancellor finished -as named.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; all ages;
handicap: • .- . -'¦<•*
Betting. Horn. Weight, Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
12 to 1— N. Hodge, 08 -(Lannon). 1 4^ Ink
l> to 1— Poseur, 100 (Brady).../. 3 lh 21
a to 2— M. Johnson, 107 (Mclnty) 4 3 h 8 h
Time, 1:13. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. f. (3) by
Roselngton-Mrs. Lane. Rusk 106. Golden Rul«
100. • Clgarltghter 00, Don Domo 03, Sincerity
Belle - SO, Chamblee S3, Cognomen 02, finished
as named. ; ¦ .* , . .
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; the Cutchogue
handicap for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «: Fin.
15 to 1— Gamara. 104 (H. Philips) 4 3 1 1 h
7 to 1— Glorifier. 126 (Gannon).. 6 6 1 2 1'
16 to 6— Dandelion, 106 (W.Davis) 3 lh 3U
Time, 1:13. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. R. T. Wilson's b. c. by Sorcerer-Hlxy.
Pasadena. Austin Allen, Merry Lark; Glenecho
and Augur finished as named. "*
, SECOND RACE— One mile and seventy
yards; selling; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
4 to 5— L. Badge, 102 (Crnunns). 3 3h 13
11 to 5— T. Heather, 00 (W.Davs) 1 lh 2U
8 to 1— Topic, 00 (Hildebrand) . . 2 23.3 10
Time,- 1:45. Start bad. Won ridden ou*
Winner, W. L. Oliver's b. g. by Badge- Mock-
Ing Bird. Homestead, 'Hydrangea, finished as
named. -
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap; three- year-olda and up: .
Betting. - Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 5 — Ranktn, 05 (Aubuchon).. 5 2h 11
40 to 1— Four Leaf C, 80 (Jenkins) 2 0 1 - 2 h
3 to 1 — Ananias, 102 (Reed) I 11VJ3 2
.Time. 1:47 3-6. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner,- J. Arthur*a b. c. (4) by Mlser-Rayor
light. /- Lady Jocelyn 108. Huzzah 83, Ahola
90, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One mile; two .year -olds;
the Chicago Ridge handicap:
¦ THIRD RACE — One mile; two-year-olda:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
8 to 5 — Gold Enamel. 113 (Dmnck) 4 ih 12
8 to 1— Monte, 112 (Romanelli)... B 6 1%2 h
4 to 1 — Dr. Leggo, 00 (Hoffman) . . 8 3 h 3 n
Time, 1:41 3-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. M. D. Miller's ch. c. by Martdison- Enamel.
Flaxman 112, Matador 100. Michael Byrnes 106,
Palm Tree 1C0, Big Beach 100, finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; two-year
olds; purs*:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5 — Col.Ruppert.112 (Truebel) 1 2 8 1 2
13 to 1— Pancreatls. 105 (Hflmn) 2 12 2^
3 to 1— Scotch Irish.100 (Herbert) 6 6 Vt 3 h
Time, 1:14 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. A; Wernberg's ch c by Gotham-
Frederlcka. Platoon 114. Loglstella 102, Flight
07, Broadway Girl 07 and Kenton 100 finished
as named
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olda and up:
Betting. Hors*, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— T. Manklns. 104 (McMln) 8 2 2 12
B to 1— One- More. 100 (Lee) 4 12 2^
15 to 1— Sweet Note. 100 (Conwy) 3 4 2 3 h
Time, 1 :23. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, T. A. Gay & Co.'s b, g. (3) by Deva
varro-El Poco. Mint Bed 102. Crime 100. Beg
gerty 00. Always Faithful 100. Tulma 100, fin
ished aa named. • ¦ *
FOURTH RACE— On« and a sixteenth mlle»:
handicap: three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Pretension, 117 (McLghln) 4 2 2 1 h
4 to 1— Footlt's Favorlte.l07(Dxn) 3 3 1V42 3
20 to 1 — Mainspring, 84 (Clark).. 2 0 3n
Time, 1:4£%. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, P. M. Civlll'a b. g. (3) by Orlflamb- Vanity.
Mafalda 101, Flora Wllloughby 06. Aden 119,
finished aa named. .
Time, 1:15 Vi. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, S. B. Burnett & Co.'s gr. g. by Le Pre
mier-Gray Bess. Jungle Imp 108, St. Fleur
103. Tartan 103. Sand Bath 103, Dromio 103.
Korea 105, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs: two-year-olds
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. Si Fin.
9 to 2— Anadarco. 100 (McLgblln) 4 2 H 1 n
6 to 1— The Eye. 103 (McMillen).. 2 1 « 2 VJ
8tol— Cashier. 103 (Lee) 1 S^Sh
SECOND RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
three- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— B. Howard, 106 (McLhn). 3 2 h 1 Vi
8 to 6— Subador. 110 (Post) 5 IS 2fe
S to 1— L. Hunter, 110 (Loarue). 6 4h 3n
Time, 1:00%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. 8. Bratton'a b. m. (7) by Fonso-
Grenadln*. Howling Dervish 103. Lady
Churchill 105. Klns's Charm 108. Daroy 105.
Major Carpenter 100, Thlsbe 109, Matt Wad
lelgh 100. Pik-rim Girl 100, St. Winifreds 105,
finished as named.
CHICAGO, Oct. 29. — A bad acci
dent on the stretch turn during the
running of the first race at Worth to
day resulted in the death of John
Brennock's Marshalsea and the pain
ful injury of Jockey C. Bell, who rode
him. Marshalsea went down and Ka
bunta, with Newman up, fell over the
prostrate horse and. rider. Rabunta
and Newman escaped injury. The
race was won easily by Jigger.
M. D. Miller's sturdy chestnut colt,
Gold Enamel, which forced Ivan the
Terrible to equal the world's six-fur
long record of 1:11 4-5 on Thursday,
came back to-day and t-iumphed over
a good field of two-year-olds In the
Chicago handicap, at one mile. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— One mile; \ three-year-old»
and uo: selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3tol— Jisger. 110 (Truebell) 4 lft 13
13 to 1— B. of Avon, 115 (Dranck) 3 4 Vi 2 nk
2 to 1— Mezzo, 105 (Johnson)... 2 5h 32
Time, 1:42 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. H. Wheeler & Co.'s ch. g. (5) by
St. Jullen-PrlncesB Himyar. Viola 100, Har*
ney 10S. Bank Street 113. Rathgar 110, Ernest
Parham 108, Anna Beall 110. Mlngore 105. fin
iehed aa named. (Rabuna 105 and Marshalsea
110, fell.)
Time. l:22Vi- Start fair. Won easily. Win.
ner. Mrs. E. McQueen's b. %. (4) by Parebin-
Loucosla. Tribes 100. FlUbrlUar 10£ Flyer
105 .Banquet 106. Pepper Dick 100, Caelana
100. Laura Belle 102, Coreen 108, Ledabella
100, finished as named. (Ledabella pulled, up.)
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 29. — McLaughlin.
who rode four winners yesterday, won
the first four races on to-day's card.
Pretension won the feature with big
weight up. Amberlta, winner of the
last race, was heavily played at long
odds and the books were badly hit.
In addition to taking fully $50,000 out
of the ring, large commissions were
sent to various outside poolrooms.
Amberita, at 50 to 1, ran second on
Wednesday after being knocked to
her knees at the first turn. The book
makers offered 20 to 1 against her in
the first betting to-day and at post
time the Schreiber cast-off had been
backed to 10 to 1. She won easily
by five lengths from Frank Rice,
while the favorite, Bengal, was third.
Summary:
FIRST R ACE— Six and a half furlongs;
thren-year-olda and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— J. Collins, 100 (McLghn) 2 1113
0 to 1 — J. Hughes, 105 (Loague). 5 3 2 2 1".
10 to 1— Florl.lOO (Thomer) 8 4 2 3 #
JAMAICA. N. Y., Oct. 29. — The
Sathch'bgue handicap was the feature
with James R. Keene's Augur a favor
ite, notwithstanding his bad physical
condition. With Dandelion, Glenecho,
Gamara and others more or less freely
supported a good contest followed.
The start was a good one, the entire
field hanging well together for about
a furlong. Be*!!
Soon after that the horses on the
inside began to suffer from interfer
ence. The principal one to show this
was Glorifier, which dropped back
next to last half way down the back
stretch. Meantime the pace was be
ing set by Dandelion, with Glenecho
a close second and Gamara an equally
good third. In the stretch Gamara,
next to . the rail, came on under a
drive and disposed of Dandelion. He
was then called upon to withstand the
resolute challenge, from the unlucky
Glorifler, which had been crowded
back next to last in the first quarter.
He made up all this lost ground and
was gaining so fast on. Gamara that
until the numbers were exhibited by
the Judges the verdict was in doubt.
Dandelion was a good third .and Pas
adena, which was forced to •come
around four other horses, was a close
fourth. Augur was. last. Summary:
FIRST RACK— Six furlongs; handicap; . for
all ases:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Monet. 114 (Gannon)..... 3 8% In
7 to 1— New Yorlt. 100 (H.Phlllps) 4 6 2 1U
4 to 1 — Ascension, 126 (Hlldbrnd) 1 1 ft 3 1
Time, 1 :13 2-3. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, 1*. V. Bell's ch. c. by Ben Strome-
Mldrosw, Escutcheon, Blucher, finished as
named. .
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
McLaughlin on Four
Delmar Winners.
Result in Doubt Until
Numbers Appear.
Marshalsea Is Killed in
Race at Worth.
GAMARA DOWNS GLORIFIER AT THE JAMAICA TRACK
IN SENSATIONAL RACE FOR CATCHOGUE HANDICAP
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ] SUNDAY, . OCTOBER: 30, 1904.
BERLIN. Oct. 23.— Count Poeadowsky-Weh
r.cr. llinlrter of the Interior, is going to Vi
enna shortly -to conclude negotiations for a
commercial treaty with Austria-Hungary.
PORTLAND, Oct. 29. — Heine Spies,
catcher of the Los Ang-eles team, was
arrested to-day and taken to the police
station in a patrol wagon. After scor
ing in the ninth inning Spies walked up
to a young man In the bleachers and
knocked him from his seat with a blow
on the face. He was soon -surrounded
by a mob and the timely arrival of the
police probably saved him from Injury.
Spies was tormented to desperation
when he appeared on the diamond to
day as the result of his actions of yes
terday and finally his temper got the
better of him. The game itself was a
Strikes a Spectator at Portland and
Is Arrested.
CATCHER SPIES IX DISGRACE^
38
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O. C. JOSLEX. M. D,
The Leading Specialist.
Pay When
Cured.
I make a definite proposal to
wait for my fee until you are
satisfied that your cure Is com-
plete. This, of course. Indi-
cates that I have unlimited
confidence In my ability, but Z
want you to have other and
better reasons for choosing
me as your physician. I want
you to consider my vast experi-
ence and my unequaled suc-
cess as a specialist. For more
than seventeen years I have
been ' curing cases Just like
yours, and have built up a
practice that is by far the larg-
est of Its kind west of Chicago.
Every mode of treatment I em-
ploy Is original and marks a
distinct advance In medical sci-
ence. Surely, considering all
these things, you will not re-
main undecided as to what
physician can serve you beat.
MEN ONLY
Weakness.
Local treatment to correct all
conditions responsible for the tune-
tional disorder. Failure lmposstblo
wher» the casa Is not too far ad- «
vasced. No incurable • cases -
treated.
Varicocele. «
No pain, no cutting. But & few
' days' time required and a thorough
cur« In every instance.
Contracted Disorders.
The quickest cures ever effected.
¦ Time reduced about one-half. No ¦
failures; no relapses..
Specific Blood Poison.
Every symptom and taint eradl- : .
eated without the use ol dangerous
drugs.
Stricture. \
¦ Neither cutting nor dilating:, but >
,< a palnKM treatment, \>y which the |
Obstructing tissue Is dissolved. '
Consultation Free ;
At office or by mall. My pamphlet.
"Live All Your Tears a Man." '
mailed free. ¦
DR. O. C. JOSLEN
Cor. Market and Kearny its.
1' Private' entrance. 702 Market aV
Office Hours — 0 a.- m. to I
,. p. in-: 7 to S:3i* pi m. on -week
"days. Sundays 10 to I only. i
r _. ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ ¦' '¦ ':_...
rfr%2*~'ji& - a A fc T y 6^? 20 l 7 M 11 ia J P° r o*er four years I suffered intensely
fiammator y Rheumatism, -which, though with Sciatic Rheumatism. The Rheum*. Wkf¥»^Jmb
?'<1h%* t -&'n I \ ~ lld at fir6t ' hccame gradually to intense tism first troubled me in my hip then ls£gLL<daSsi5^
*&&\§&P ? th - at , 1 W " fc f week - S unable l ? walk - l spread to my shoulders, head, and finally flllsiiaiplr
" •A\A>^> tried several prominent physicians and all over my body. I became such an in- W$®5&M0¥^
V.v took their treatment fajthfully, but wai valid that ne ither my family nor friends T*^™?^-
unable to get the slightest relief . In fact, thought it possible for me to survive long. I uad tried so many
my condition seemed to grow worse, the pains spread over prescriptions given me by physicians (which contained a great
my. ertire body, and from November to March 1 suffered ofpotashl that my stomach was ruined and there sefmed
agony. I tried many patent medicines bnt none relieved me. no hope for recovery. I had been reading in the newspapers
Lpon the advice of a fnend I decided to try S. S.S. Before of & <T S. and decided to try it, and to my joy commence? to
allowing me to talce it, however my guardi*n s who was a get relief before the second bottle was gone. After complet-
cheanst, analyzed the remedy and pronounced it free of pot- f ng fi ve bottles I was an entirely different man, and felt that
ashormeroiry I felt so mudi^better after taking two bot- I had a nevr lease on life. Thecureinmy case has been so
ties, that I continued the remedy, and in two months I was wot iderful that I shall tell every one of it. S. S. S. not only
cured completely The care was permanent for I have never cured my Rheumatism, but also put my system generally in
since had a touch of Rheumatism, though many time, ex- excellent condition. I have a good appetite, slfep wellwd
posed todamp and cold weather once j^,^ en : oy Ufe#
58 CliS SL, Roxbury, Mass. Mrs. EUUNOR T. Joxks. M * ; sterling, Ky. B. M. Fhisbie.'
RHEUMATISM comes from poor digestion, stomacii troubles, torpid liver, weak kidneys and a general
sluggish condition of thesystem. Food souring in the stomach poisons the blood-^it becomes too acid. The
liver and kidneys fail to act properly, and the circulation is clogged .with impure matter and burning acrid .fluids
which penetrate and saturate the bones and muscles, joints and nerves, producing the terrible pains and aches and
other disagreeable symptoms of Rheumatism. As it originates in the blood and affects the whole system, it will riot
S^gBaB^ .^BHS»*» *° 611^ on liniments and other external remedies. Such treatment is; help-
4$S2$&£& /fjjffljSj*^ ful, but the blood must be restored to a pure, healthy state before the cure is per-
manent. When S. S. S. ha* driven out the impurities and built up the thin, acrid
blood and stimulated the sluggish organs to better action, the cure is thorough and
kJ^m fefelZZlii last * n ?' The feverish, excited nen-es then are soothed and the muscles relieved of
BfeSKF "I^HSy the torturing tension, and the whole system is restored to its former healthy state.
. -~«*&5S2r g 5 g contains no potash or alkalies, but is guaranteed ; purely vegetable. Our
special book on Rheumatism will be mailed free to all desiring it. Our physicians will cheerfully answer all letters
asking for special information or advice, for which no charge is made. ;
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA. GA.SPRINGFIELD, , s 111., Oct. ;; 2 9;--The
Illinois"; iCoal ¦ Operators' Association
to-day decided tot'stand by; the ; action
of their; executive board * in Chicago
last . Wednesday j regarding ¦ a demand
that the % hoisting j^^engineers ; * be/glven
the-sarrie rate * of -wages : for the ; ensii
ing 'year' as for^thetyear 'past' .
Want' Wage Scale . Maintained.
'The : Pacific ¦ Coast steamship * Santa
RosaSvill " go ' from r port to , Seattle
for .extensive repairs. , She /will , re
ceive new? boilers arid'willbe changed
to "a'slngle smokestack boaL It Is said
these' .' changes i and : . repairs - wilL" cost
$100,000.^ * During .her*. 'abTOnce^itHe
Spokane 'willTrun to; Port Los Angeles.
t-^P^H.;McGrill, Vbu_Hder>. of ; the. first
bridge : across! Channel ' Creek, which
has beenl[ under ; his charge '. for^ eleven
years, idled; Friday . at his ¦ home, 631
Bryant. street, [ aged 70 'years. /He will
be buried ; to-day; in Holy Cross 'Cem
etery. HBHHBHBI
•A ... notable ';' arrival; ; here yesterday
was : the big steamer; dredger -Mexteoi
frorii Salina ;Cruzi:^She comes; to^tliis
"port for"; repairs to j" her engines -arid
machinery.^; The ;\yessel*.' is , l owned | by
Sir " Wheetrnari {* Pearson ; of '; Eriglaridi*
the c6ntractor^who^;has'!been ; engaged
by. the Mexican'Gqvernmynt/dredgirig
but the • harbors^of K the \ southern^ire^
pubjlc-HTheT 'Mexico :' is v splendidly
adapted' for the work for '. which; she; is
intended. -.'-'• Her .working v ¦ capacity '" ia
2000 '; tons Cof Isarid 7 or v mud an ' hour^
whicli j is| drawn ; by % suction^ Into fhthe
¦*h"ull|ofith*e^ss'el;Hb;,be^dunipe"dfautof
matlcallyl outside Vof;the harbor.- ;The
[vessel "arrived .[at 'Sa'llrm 1 Crviz" in^August
of " last "' year"? arid * has t.beerit employed;
th ere"! [constantly.^sfnee; thatUlmeJ'After
receiving V'a'? general overhaulingS,she
dredging
of ith'atl harbor. .. .. . . ; ! .
Dredger Mexico i Arrives."
¦?{:.The'=- 'Assistant j" Attorney^General i tor
th'e i'-Postofflce /Depart rijeritjthought;that
In". this [case^ Peter, paid Paul.'and recorri
mendsd I that fraud {order ; vbe j issued
against V the\ concerns*. V This jvas; done
and;;! signed by' Postmaster
Wynne." - : •V.-.'.v '¦'.';. :'. ' . . -.'r ¦ ."
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON,; Oct. The United
Commercial i Company ; and 'the . Pacific
Funding : and V SecurIty;'Compariy, both
of i; Sari > Ffaricisco,\ have been*;! barred
from' the^use" of. the nialls ; for operating
a: scheme .whereby- "they < claim *.to \ be
able to ': give $160 in exchange "f or . $80
paid at.the rate of $la ; week.\ V , ¦
The records of ; the Postofflce;Depart
ment show that;the^companles retained
for 5 their own use 20jcents of each pay-_
nient of $1,\ applying 80^cerits;tbward the
Vedemptionfi of ; the r ; contracts ' as they
riiat*t^ed^.TheieycoritraVts;.were_.n
bef«d;corisecutively,^arid when the com
pany * had? received , $160 V from all I con
tracts i, then"': Issued \ the "money was ; ap
plied rto .the redemption of the contract
bearing the". lowest number.; ;'
:.:": Sixty-first Battecy-r-Ferguson, Cu
oUlV\Reeder, Dick, ; Wilbur,\Wilkerisori;
-ChambersT J Bailey,' : Welch;" .Vorrell.'
Smith. " ; " -;•¦'.:' ; ¦•'¦ '¦".'¦ '¦¦': '¦ :'. .:';-•"¦;¦ ;-
Officials ~ Byrnes, ; referee; McMas-;
ter"s,V umpire; ;. Durfee land Lieutenant
Jamieson, 1 timekeepers^.- * .' . ,' ; ,". ¦ '¦ ,~^\
\ . Score-^Santa; Clara.' -Colleger- '48;'
Sixty-first • Battery,;' 0.
i The football , elevens • of Santa Clara
College and"; the Battery,'
Fort Baker, played the mostVne-slded
game . of ; the "... season at • the * Presidio
yesterday afternoon. The sbldiijrs'
knowledge ; of the ; game was limited
and-the^ college ; boys =,won;, as. they,
pleased. The final score was 48 to^ 0.
Santa Clara was j almost; constantly
in possession, of 'the ball and '{ nearly
every, play ; gained r at . least i five ' yards^
The ' soldiers > were \ fully as heavy ; as
their - ODpqrients7i but .j had" absolutely
no team work. , " Only twice,*,' arid
not 'Untll^the second 1 . half.Xdid' they
succeed In; making five yards in" three
<l° w n's?3|§B99&&S$i ' ; -, " ,;";•'; * _ ;" . ¦ ¦ ;
'¦' ''.The .teams were made up of :
-¦ . Santa ' Clara' '^—j Aguirre,S : 'McElroy/
Murphy,' Hubbard, Blow, ' Woodford,
Fitzgerald, Magee, Feeriey, ¦¦] Schmitz,'
Ena^; .'-. : ' ; "-.: :; ¦'.¦¦'¦¦'.. ¦'¦':\' ...} .1
Fort Baker Kickers Know, Li ttle
About Football,; the Game
Endinc 48 to 0. -
MAY NO MORE
USE THE MAILS
SANTA CLARA TEA3I PLAYS
ALL AROUND BOYS . IN BLUE
The Scottish bowlers were out in
force yesterday and some good games
were played. Only one match was
played In the doubles tournament. To
the surprise of all J. ; C. Moffatt and
T. Millar "beat " Dr. Hamilton arid
partner in a . one-sided . match. The
teams were considered about. even be
fore the match, but the decisive way
in which the victors won left no
doubt as to their -superiority. The
score was 21 to 5. . ¦-•
The .following practice games were
the closest ever .. bowled at the : park.
They resulted as follows: ..
T, McNaught and H. L. Tlckner
beat A. McVicar and J. McLachlan,
21 to 20; James Gray and M. L.
Crowe beat " J. * C. . Moffatt . and ' Joseph
Gray, 21 to . 20 ; ; W.' Eaton": and : Ai
Foreman beat R. Park and ' John^Reid,
21 to 20; G. C. Patterson and D.
O'Brien, beat J. Stott and " J.-W. Elder,
21 ,to ; 20; John T. Dare beat H. LV
Tickner, ' 2 1 1 to * 1 2 ; , . James { Gray ,f and
J. McLachlan beat ; M. L.\Cr6we ; and
Joseph^Gray, 21 to 17; G. C. Patterson
and t Joseph'^ Gray A beat ;*J. C^ Moffatt
and Andrew" Foreman, 2 1 . to C 19; " J.', C.
Moffatt and Ji ; McLachlan beat Jo
seph Grayand Dr. Harhlltbri, 21; to 16;
Rev. Mr. Logan ;, and ; Sarriuel ? ; Irving
beat Rev. Mr. Fisher arid H.< B." Tick
ner, 2iv to 18; J/C.', Moffatt arid - J.
Gray .beat: M.jL. Crowe arid- G.'C.
Patterson. > 21 to 10.
The Xebraskan Safe.
In the accounts of the great water
front fire in Brooklyn Thursday, Oc
tober 28. it vat announced that the
American-Hawaiian steamships Amer
ican, Arizonlan and Nebraskan were
among the vessels destroyed. A later
diEpatch reports that the American
and Arlzonian had escaped the flames,
but no mention was made of the Ne
braskan. It Is now known, however,
that that splendid ship sailed from
New York for San Francisco October
1 5 and Is far down the Atlantic by this
time. , '
MOFFATT AND MILLAR -BOWL
IN FORM ON PARK GREEN
A dispatch! from* San Jose says^that
Bristol i isYprobably i Herbert Bristol ' of
Momitainryiew/v^He^'wasTa x *mWchlhlst
and assisted In the construction of the
oil •'; pipe- line f rom ,' Bakersfield ? to
Stockton. . About ; three years : ago^he"
purchased , fifteen 'acres - off land j near
Mountain »yiew,< where^ is • his home.'
Recently • he went 'to J San \ Francisco in
search of work. - He leaves ' a wife,
but7no children. :,;!./
A well-dressed stranger engaged : a
room at 112 .Taylor street ; at . 12:45
o'clock; last Friday > afternoon and im
mediately, occupied - it. : He ••' was " found
dead yesterday, morning in bed with
one end : of : a gas ; tube in j his * mouth
arid the ; other end ; affixed ' to the ¦; gas
fixture. ¦':-- A - saloon : card among " his ¦ ef
fects.bore the names in pencil, v'Hugh
Owens ' Jr." : of V'Mr. i Miller, 56 Market
"street." - The * dead man' wore a," dark
gray /sack suit, : tan ' shoes and red '¦ shirt
with black ; arid , white stripes." He was
five ! feet ',¦? seven inches : tall, 1 about ' 50
years old,*,was bald-headed and ; had a
red mustache. : ;
From memoranda : found ; in ' his ¦ pos
session'" he -"was evidently a traveling
man ' and had K recently^ visited "Sacra -¦
rrientol; San^Jose,' 5 : Stockton arid Fresno.
The f .body " Is ' held ;¦ at ' the Morgue -for
identification. ; Two receipts in his pock^
et bore the name H.'H." Bristol,- a mem
ber 'of , Mountain "View Grange, * Santa
Clara .County. . - ¦ --i -
Hires a Room In a' Lodglng-House and
Kills; Himself.
STRANGER INHALES GAS.
•' Reserve Stake, first round— Blue
Craig beat Fiddler, 10-3; Maid o' the
Glen beat Piker, 7-5: '-, Modest^ Beauty
beat Bob' R. 4-3 ;. Little ' Freda beat
Frisco Lad, v 17-7; Mt. Eagle beat
Maid of Mercy, 16-7; Fair Flying beat
Limerick Boy, 12-7;. Belvidefe beat
Forest Fire; 12-5 ; Golden Featherbeat
Hunter '¦ Raine, 1 9-6 ; Reckless Rose
beat- General Dewet, : 17-8; Mark
Twain beat Pure Pearl, 23-1: Joe Hill
beat Concord Boy,^3-0; Young Kerry
Pippin beat ;• Helen Hayes, 3-1 ; Thetis
beat Lily Wright, . 7-5 ; Fortuna, Angel
beat Gold ; Lily, ,12-7; Belfast beat
Paul .Dunbarr 4-3:' CrolxrD beat Cap
ital Girl, '15-13; "Good as -Gold'.; beat
Smller,'; 16-13: ~£ General t Fremont beat
Don Pedro," ; 3rl: r .Aeolus 'beat Dart
away, .18-6; "Cascade 'beat 'Sly* Van,
10-8; Royal Spirit beat Agitator, .2 1-6;
Rocklin i . Boy ' beat ; Butte -¦ City, .! 11-7 ;
Commercial Traveler; beat Pepper
Jack. :."' 21-3 ; : Lady Menlo beat Pony
Capital, 9-4. . . .
' Second "round— Blue , Craig beat
Maid oV Glen. ; 1 8-7 : . Modest . Beauty
beat Little" Freda. 12-0; „ Mt-^Eagle
beat^Fair; Flying, 10-8 : t Golden Feajh-"
er} beat Belyidere,' 14-1 ; ; Reckless Rose
beat * MarkiiTwaln,;' 8-6f Tourig , Kerry
Pippin i beat t Joe^ Hill, ,10-6;. Fortuna
Angel. beat- Thetls,;12-7; H Belfaat beat
Croix I D. ; 1 4- 2 : G ener al ; Fremont « beat
Good , as; Gold. , 7-lr ¦ Cascade ; beat
Aeolus, < 6-2 ; ; Rocklin Boy ; beat ] Royal
Spirit, 6-1 ; Lady.; Menlo' beat Conuner
ciril? Traveler; 12-8. % • -
Third round-r-Modest - Beauty beat
Blue Craig,; 12 r 5; Mt^ Eagrle beat
Reckless % Rose, V; 5-0 : '. Golden Feather
beat IToungi Kerry f Pipping 17-10; Bel
fast-beat Fortuna Angel, 15-12;
cade 'I beat General ' Fremont, " 12f 9 ;
Lady, Menlo beat Rocklin • Boy, ¦ 5-0. .
run down, leaving six does to 'com
pete for final honors. Cascade is run
ning strongly and . with ordinary luck
should be returned^ - a winner. Fol
lowing-are .the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Long trials injured the, chances of
many r prorriinent candidates , for stake
honors at Irigleslde ] Coursing Park
yesterday, during the ¦ running " of the
Reserve', stake. Three rounds. were
Reserve Stake Is Run Down, Three
Times and Furnishes " Some Good
. n Sport for Spectators.
HARES GIVE DOGS. SEVERE
TRIALS AT INGLESIDE PARK
The Pacific Mall freighter Algoa
will leave for the Orient to-morrow
afternoon at 1 o'clock, - with almost
16,000;tons of cargo. This is one of
the richest shiploads of " merchandise
that has ever gone . out of this port,
its value being $1,412,840. There is
consigned to Japan $623,439 worth of
merchandise; for China $784,834; for
Manila $2153, and for the Indies
$2366. The principal shipments are
cotton, leather, tin, steel plate,"" flour,
canned , goods and machinery. The
steel plate weighs 492,300 pounds.
Alsroa for the Orient.
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 29.— A. B.Keith,
managing ¦ editor of the Butte Miner,
to r day received by telegraph $5000 from
Thomas W.Lawson of Boston, the
money > to be forfeited, -to the labor
unions of. Butte- if ?Fi- Augustus Heinze
can prove -that he 4 has ' not disposed 'of
his mining properties in. this city,- as
stated by Lawson in his address" to the
citizens of Montana, published on Oc
tober^". - •
The money 1 will be turned over,- as
per Lawson's { Instructions, , to the first
man.-iwoman or. child, or labor organi
zation In Montana that will prove that
Lawsbn's 'statements concerning
Hehize are untrue. The offer holds
good for ten* days, during which time
the 'money"! will be .displayed in the
windows . of the- Mirier office ' in i the
shape of ; $20; gold pieces 'placed in the
rough ¦ hats .of ¦ a number of miners. .
Pinned to the hats is a statement of
the terms of ;the offer, v Another"' pla- ;
card says: '
"Truth or lies; ; pure gold or cheap
talk— which?" \ ~ -
Tvvo policemen watch the money. '
The French cruiser Linoia sailed to
day for La Rache In connection with
the insurrection there. The British
cruiser Doris arrived here from Gib
raltar during the day and proceeded
immediately to La Rache.
TANGIER, Morocco. Oct. 29. — The
British steamship' Hercules, from La
Rach^, 45 miles southwest of Tan
gier, 'reports that La Rache is in a
state of siege. The Hercules was
fired uopn in tjieriver and left with
out her "cargo, bringing an appeal
from the British Vice Consul for the
protection of British Interests.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Oct. 29.— At 6
o'clock this evening the number of min
ers killed by the mine explosion yester
day in Tercio is still indefinite. Local
officials of the "Rocky Mountain Coal
and Iron Company declare that so far
as they know there were only, twenty
one men in the mine at the time of the
explosion; Reliable miners employed in
thecamp say that there were between
thirty and sixty ; men In the- mine— The
regular ; force numbered eighty, but it
is . said that about thirty, of them went
to Trinidad, yesterday to take out nat
uralization papers preparatory to elec
tion.-. The reason the number at work
Is not positively known . is because the
men are checked off "when ; leaving the
minei instead of. when going In. The
number of dead will not -be ascertained
until after the mine is thoroughly ex
plored. men - are: foreigners*' who
had been recently, imported to take the
place of strikers, and their names have
not been '.learned. -. A
'-: Hundreds of other, miners from other
camps are working in three-hour shifts
in the effort to reach the bodies/ but the
work •; ls slow- and dangerous
on account of the formation, the ground
constantly sliding and caving In. . Three
bodies," so badly < burned and mutilated
as ; to' be unrecognizable, - weije taken
out at 5 p. . m. - They were found ; near
the /first : air r shaft: . Most of the other'
dead are; supposed . to be ; in rooms 24 to
30,'. about 1000 feet farther in the tunnel.
: .": The : mine , is completely, wrecked^ •'.- A
great fall ; of rock blocked the entrance,
arid ; It \ took nearly- all day to block up
.the 'pit 'mouth'. sufficiently to permit the
rescuers' to^ienture inside. Almost every
prop has -been blown from the inside of
the f mine /and the ; whole entry was
blocked-!. by- huge rocks. .The mine*ls on
what • is ¦ known as a pitching > vein and
there , ls only one '; entry— a ' tunnel j run
ningr along near' the base of the'moun
tain. . '* :r
SPOKANE. Oct. 29.— Following ; a
quarrel over $2 claimed to be due him
as wages, Charles Webster, an Oregon
logger, killed James Cheser, another
logger, and then " blew out .his own
brains. The tragedy occurred^ at the
camp , of ; the . Grande Ronde Lumber
Company, twenty-five miles from La
Grande.
The men disputed (or some time,
when Webster drew a revolver and
fired, killing Cheser at the first shot. He
then walked away a few paces', turned
and looked at his victim and sent a
bullet through his own brain, dying in
stantly. Both vwere men about 30 years
of age and unmarried. .
Special | Dispatch .to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The tournament on the; park courts
was a ladies' scratch doubles for the
three-time cups. Miss Ida Mearns and
Miss Vera Crocker carried off the
honors, beating , Miss D. Weed and
Miss S. Van Vliet,' the holders in the
finals. Summary:
Park — Miss S. Van Vliet and Miss
D. Weed beat Miss G. Saylor and Miss
K. ; Kornish, 7-5, 6-3 ; Miss I. Mearns
and Miss V. Crocker beat Miss" G.
Myer and Miss A. ' Vodden, \ 6-4, ; 3-6,'
6-3. Finals — Miss Mearns. and Miss
Crocker beat Miss Van;Vllet and Miss
Weed, 6-4. 6-7... ;
.California Club— Harry Rolfe and
Neil Baker beat H. Gabriel and " M.
Long, 6-3, 6-4, 6-4' 4-6; S. Salsbury
and P. Jones beat D. V. Moore arid O.
Pratt, 6-4, 4-6, 6-3; G.r Janes beat M.
Long, 6-4; H. Long and Janes "tied B. v
Nourse and M. '. Long, . 6-4,\. 4-6,~ 6-4,
3-6; W. S. MacGdvin beat Dr. Youn
ger,; 6-4. 8-6; H. E. Punnett tied lH.
Butler, 6-4. 4-6.
Herbert Long and George Janes,
another scratch team and winners of
the last two tournaments, did not play
up to form. -The best they could. do
against B. Nourse* and M. Long was
to break even. 'Each side : won two
sets. ;"'¦" - :-!>¦«¦ '¦;.;' - ; -"
The tennis courts of the California
Club and those at the park were' in
great demand yesterday. The cracks
put in the afternoon on the club
courts practicing for the .tournament
to be played to-day. Harry Rolf e arid
Neil Baker, the University; of Califor
nia experts, had their hands full beat
ing Howard Gabriel and-;- Melville'
Long. The youngsters forced the col
lege players to play their best to win.
Rolfe and Baker won fthe first three
sets and Gabriel and Long the* fourth.
Sidney Salisbury ¦ and Paul Jones,
one of the scratch teams in . the .tour-1
name'nt, played three . fast | sets - with
Du Val Moore and Orville Pratt. The
latter were out of 'practice j but won
one of the three sets played.
Miss Mearns and Miss Crocker Star
in Doubles on the v Park
¦ Courts.
TENNIS SHARPS PRACTICE
FOR TOURNAMENT MATCH
BRITISH FLAG
NO PROTECTION
LAWSON POSTS
GOLD FORFEIT
QUARREL ENDS
IN A TRAGEDY
NUMBER KILLED
STILL UNKNOWN
These three sets of coupons were
from two townships in Pratt County
and the city of Wichita. Shortages are
shown in these the same as in the Gar
den City case; but the money has not
been returned to the treasury.
The largest shortages are in Cowley
County, which has paid nearly $5000
into the State treas"ury which is not
accounted for. Reno County is ; short
nearly $4000, Allen County has paid
over $2500 and McPherson County over
$2100 which is not accounted for.
The dates given show that many of
these" shortages occurred during the
last administration, but the present
State Treasurer is looked upon as re
sponsible because he was; Assistant
Treasurer during that time, in fact T.
T. Kelly has handled the funds during
the entire time covered by the investi
gation.
Three sets of coupons were sent to
the State fiscal agency by Kelly, at the
same. time he sent In the Garden City
coupons, the money for which was
mysteriously returned by "A. R.
Brown."
TOPEKA, Kans., Oct. 29.— At jioon
to-day the Governor ; gave out a long
report from State Accountant Rowett,
showing additional startling shortages
In the State treasury aggregating in
all about $31,000 and covering school
fund transactions concerning Pratt,
Cowley, Nemaha and other, counties.
Accountant Rowett draws no conclu
sions from his findings. He simply re-
COTda the. fact that certain blocks of
bonds were purchased on certain dates
by the school fund commissioners and
that certain interest, payments were
-made on these bonds which are not ac
counted on the books of the State
Treasurer. 1 The largest shortages are
In Cowley County. .
Recently Accountant Rowett submit
ted a preliminary report in which he
disclosed an alleged shortage of $1400.
Following this State Treasurer Kelly
filed his resignation in escrow »to take
effect in case the charges against his
office were proved.
California- Positions. Pomoxuu
Henry. Elliott R. E. £ Chisholm
Fcrce. FoFter R. T. L. Handle
Stern. O'Toole R. G. L. Lull
Haffey. Taylor Cfenter Fri»be«
Cray, Kcrr I>- G. R Kepncr
Heltmuller. Richard
son. tt. T. R Moorman
lJr>wE.rd, Oliver, L. E. R. Smith, McCor-
KJtrelle »... mlck
Whitman. Belnap Quarter Cadwalader
Mead. Grave*,
Evana R. H...Wharton, Vail*
gnedlcar. Vltite U. H...Epurgeon, Valle.
Voorbeia
S, Pomona. 0. .
Bcyton. Arlett Fullback Tangeman
Referee — Smock: umpire — Cavar.au rh; tim
ers — Smith and Muma: linesmen — Noble and
Kern. Halves — 20 minutes. Score— California
The weather was almost cool enough
for football and the ground was in ex
cellent shape. The visitors had an ex
cellent represeritatioji on the bleachers
and ' the blue and gold looters were
numerous and noisy.
The liira-up follows: *
The officials handled the game well,
and there was consequently little op
portunity for those who wished to kick
to do so. Both teams punted liberal
ly. California was surer on line plays.
Pomona showed excellent team work
at times, but was weaker than the op
posing boys on tackling.
FIELD IN GOOD SHAPE.
Hopper put a combination freshman
and secoxid team on the field for the
last half. Neither goal was in much
danger during the rest of the game,
although it seemed at one time the
home eleven might be penalized enough
to give a score to the visitors.
was fumbled and a California man fell
on it Then the home team went down
the cridiron for the touchdown. Dur
ing the remainder of the haif the pig
skin pet-sawed about the middle streak
of whitewash. When the referee 8ig
iialed for the intermission the bail was
in Pomona's hands on California's
forty-yard line.
on the first line-up. Pomona failed tc
?ain, and Cadwalader tried another
field ?.<iul at thirty-five yards. The ball
Pomona got the ball to the blue and"
gold ten-yard line after the first few
minutes of play. California braced,
and the visitors tried for a field goai
The ball fell inside and Heltmuller
ni2«.?»r a short punt ove/ the side line
The one touchdown of the day was
made near the close of the first half.
Pomona fumbled on an attempt at a
field goal from the thirty-five yard line
and California • got the ball. Mead
made thirty yards aronnd his team's
left end. After that Boynton. Mead
and Siiedigar plunged through for
steady gains until the first named went
over the line for the score. Force
kicked into the post and the ball
bounJed back when he tried for the
goaL
Pomona is faster, with the exception
of Carliiie, than any other outfit that
has been seen cn a Western gridiron
for mauy years. The eleven had its
signals and was lined up for play be
fore its opponents were aware they
vere not to get their accustomed
period of rest after every scrimmage
If the visitors had not fumbled fre
quently and had their interference not
strayed from home they should have
won. * .-" .'- : ;
California had the advantage in
weight and her men bad more class.
When it looked like a touchdown for
Pomona the blue and gold huskies re
membered where they were and got
into the came. California's ! tackling
has improved immeasurably within the
last two weeks, and it would take a
crackajack to make consistent gains
through the line. The principal fault
with the blue and gold is that the men
seem rather spiritless, indicating that
they may be going stale. Coach Hop
per played two full teams yesterday,
and if he works carefully along such
lines in practice until the big game
his students should be in trim.
* The ends are inferior to Stanford's.
Belknap or squeaky little Whitman
may yet solve the quarterback prob
lem. Kitrelle went to end yesterday,
w here he should be more useful.
TOUCHDOWN IN FIRST IIALF.
California defeated Pomona by the
Email markin of five points in the
football g;:me yesterday at Berkeley.
The visitors played the blue and gold
eleven off its feet for a few minutes in
each half, and were good for substan-
Ual guins at almost any stage of the
i-ontest. The niult of the game was a
decided disappointment to the home
team and its supporters.
Special IMsp&tcb to The Call.
Treasurer's Resignation Is
in Escrow to Take Effect
if Charges Are Proved
Coach Smith of the Oregon team
thinks not. In an interview . this aft
ernoon he said:' "In comparing Cali
fornia and Stanford, I would say they
are- evenly matched. The two lines are
almost exactly equal in my opinion.
Both are heavy and strong, but I should
call California's line the superior in
aggressiveness and speed. Stanford
holds, and holds hard, but her*forwards
are slow, while the Berkeley men
play snappy ball. I believe, too, that
Berkeley is stronger behind the lin«
than Stanford. There are fast, heavy
backs on both teams, but the Berkeley
men are almost twice as fast in get
ting started. I should say that it is
almost an even break between the two
teams. We were whipped to-day by
Stanford by a much larger score than
in the Berkeley game, but that can
easily be explained by the fact that to
day we put a crippled team into the
field. You can't run a light team
against a heavy one without smash
ing it up, and we have not yet recov
ered from last Saturday's game."
CARDINAL SCORES EASILY.
Sprott started the game by .kicking
off forty yards to Gray, who gained
only a few yards. The men from Ore
gon then tried Stanford's right and left
end. and as > they failed they punted to
Bansbach, who advanced ten yards.
Sprott, WelIer, % DoIe and Chalmers, run
ning in tandem formation, ; carried the
ball down the field, making from two to
eight yards at each down. Dole gained
seven yardB carrying the ball to thfi
three-yard line. Weller carried the ball
through right tackle, making the first
touchdown. Sprott kicked the goal.
Next Ttmpleton kicked off to Bans
bach, who advanced ten yards. Then
by a series of line bucks by the cardinal
backs the ball was taken past the goal
in a few minutes. Sprott again kicked
the goal.'
Oregon then kicked off to Clark, who
carried the ball fifteen yards. Stanford
once more began her line plunges, and
her effort was soon rewarded by an
other touchdown. Sprott kicked the
goal, making . the score 18 to 0. There
was no more scoring in the first half.
During the second Half Stanford with
her line buck gained from five to twen
ty-seven yards at every down. Oregon
only had possession of the ball, twice
during the second half, getting it both
times on a fumble. The cardinal eleven
made three touchdowns this half. As
Tomasini failed to kick one of the, goals
the final score was 35 to 0. The teams
Stanford. Position. Oreeon.'
Clark-Stevena L. E. R. Chandler
Fprott-Horton;...Ifc T. R. ....-,. .....Earl
Thompson- Iiazel- . .
woo d I*. G. R..F. Templeton-Pen
land.
Hyde... Center McClair
Roosevelt-Monas
lnr ...... R. O. I» ..Hammond
Phlelds-Tomaslnl.R. T. U. Auspeiger
West- Stanford... R. E..L, Moorea
Banebach-Stott. . Quarter Latourette
bridge". .-L. H. R........J. Templetoa
.Gray
Weller-Bogle. . : . .Fullback ..'. ... .Kerron
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct'
29.— In one of the cleanest, fairest foot
bajl games ever seen on the Stanford
campus the Oregon team was defeated
to-day by Stanford by a score of 05
to 0.- It was too one-sided to be inter
esting. Oregon never had the Stan
ford goal in danger, and the only mild
in.ter«ist aroused was in seeing how
large a tally the heavy Stanfordites
would be able to run up.
The visiting team was light and fast,
but it crumpled up like pasteboard
when it was thrust jigainst the mas
sive rush line of the Stanford men's
defense. When the heavy cardinal back
field surged into the Oregon forwards
it almost invariably swept them, down
the field. A touchdown every.flve min
utes was made straight through the
game. It was a bucking game from
the first. . Lunagan's pupils tried but
few end runs, and these were almost
without exception singularly abortive.
Moreover, the spectacular quarterback
run, hitherto so effective, netted no
gains for plucky Bansbachand his sub
stitute, Stott. Whether or not the
Stanford team will ever be able" to
run up a score by smashing at Califor
nia's stone-wall line is a matter of the
most serious question.
COACH COMPARES FLAYERS.
Special Dispatch to Tbe.CalL
$31,000 MORE MISSING.
Blu3 and Gold Men
Defeat Pomona
Players.
The Cardinal's Great
Showing With
Oregonians.
Investigation of the Kansas
State Ehiances Results
in Startling Disclosures
BIG SHORTAGE
IS REVEALED
COLLEGE FOOTBALLERS
ARE SUCCESSFUL OVER
THE VISITING ELEVENS
THE^SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .. SUNDAY, OCTOBER: 30^' 1904;
. _The {Oceanic liherj Sierra iwill ;arrive
to-morr.ow^fronx^SSydney.^^Aucklahd
aridiHoHolulu:; "1, ',-:
>Fred; Carroll, manager ;of y the^Sah
Rafael, and San.' ,FraVclsco>JEx^res3
Company, ; is '; reported Jito^beV dying iat
his 1 home '} in* San^Raf ael. HeXwas^one
of|theYcelebj"ated|M6rris|iand|Ca^bll
Plttsburg battery iii r theTfeidlbaaeball
39
AD VEKTiSEMLEXTS.
WEAK MEN
? 812 HOME TKEATMEirr rBEE -
For 10 days*'trlal and approval.
VL**i'fl&£\\ ment will DEVEI,-
= 4^* «§>i^« OP WW I.JTE
! A^^^ttr O AND EWEBQY
*&?' *¥1 mi S T OSE THE KKE
.rue 3h'J I • T K Oirrit ; xt ls a »"
(^ TMt 5f.f 4 3 P the only positive
ffl•/Mtiac(i:SJ > 9 means known which
50UARE|Ota g will fully enlarffo
b gg" Vg3S".T IM? gH and completely de-
*~»— "*^ g *"' ll> ''^ velop , the _- organ*.
t\ I' PLWBCT URCTHHAL MCQICATIOU " " * j> '
Used with our Soluble'^ Medicated Ure-
thral Crayons, quickly cures all drainn or
discharges. Stricture. Premature Decay
weak or Irritable Prostate Gland, etc.
Kor Varicocele we combine our; special
StTSFEITSOBY and COSEPKESSOR. Don't
fall to Investigate this. Our physicians
are known to be strictly reliable and ex-
perienced specialists and cure BLOOD
PO ISO XT- and all diseases of men by mod-
el :i methods. Don't delay. Examination
and demonstration-free. For our^VAC-
XTUM DEVELOPER or our special treat-
ments call at our office only for the pres-
ent- X>O HOT^WXITB^-CAU. -s Hours.
9 to 9; Sundays, 10 to 1. HEALTH Api
»z.XAJrcs COXFAmr. 6 O'Farrell itreet
IPj YOU ?NEEa>; HELP -
' To Malce '/ that 'iwlnter.: suit, - an-
swer , our \ Eniplo3'ment :, Wanted
;JLds.f;r ; ?,^;; .. ; ;' ; -»'r--
. v - " Reliable I scaiastresaes } at rea-
sonable rates.
. A riessagc to flen Who Want Strength: W^W
vH^^^^^^^^^^^ra T HAVE perfected a new Belt, better and stronger than I have ever made be- %w_^
©^^g^^^^^^^ 1 fore, a belt which will transform the weakest, puniest specimen, of "half vM^j
LJ^'JhH^IjbK man " ln^° a P er^ e ct cyclone of strength, and I want every man to use it [ want §^V£
/ IjTjjj- ¦ a l est case * Therefore, I offer $1000 in gold to any weak man who will tise IL fe.
this Belt under my direction for four months and then show by examination of {JjHjPi
any reputable physician that he is not cured, sound and welL -
hmf^Ba^^^^^^S s ls es P ec i a^y directed to men who have doctored for years without 55
<' QI^.B^^^^^hI'^ 6^^ want men Rheumatism, Pains in the Back, Weak Kidneys, jL,^
«r**Ha f^^^^^W^^^ Sciatica, Lumb: go, Varicocele, Prostatic Trouble (I cure by a new method), Lo- TljJjrS
1 A comotor Ataxi?, Torpid Liver, Indigestion and Dyspepsia. All of these troubles $*"*s£
.Hhttfp ¦¦¦¦ Hplliw^ n c^ ro^? m I'can cqre \yith this new Belt, even after all other treatments ¥
JIllHj, MlllWiilf .- ;¦ have failed. To every weak, debilitated man who wears this new. Belt I give %|rrfft%
my free electric suspensory, for weak irienT }J1|h
f^^^S^ VThis attachment is made for the purpose of treating alf special ailments of men, and assures a cure of all waste of \4 1*«1&
y Ijj * strength, early decay and debility. Its current is invigorating and wonderful in power. *f
U ill V v If y t° U i : S n;C i aU>^- C ° me and SC r e i-?*^" 1^ 1 wi . u sh ° w you my new Belt and prove to you that it is a wonderful device. il S^
MP"mr You can feel theglowing current of life that flows into the weakened nerves. I will show you letters from your own neigh- 8h»mf»
C3T >K bors telling how I cured them. I have over 50,000 testimonials in the past 21 years. (\ttMY I
"/V - f X O c U can>t ? all> w " te «. an d ! w i n T sc " d a bo °k describing my new method, with letters from many grateful men and t II I
/• }mt]V women.. If you write send this ad and I will send the book, sealed, free. Cut the ad out and act to-day. l cn ana JJfil[Lk
IjlllI (^ - NEVER SOLD IN DRUQ STORES OR BY AQHNTS f^B
j(^J DR. M. G.'^McLAUGHLIN, 906 Market Street, Above Ellis, San Francisco, 'ffllr
'• liJln OfflC ° HOUr * : 8 *" m ' *° 8 P ' m * Sunday "' 10 t0 X ' Seattle^Offlce. 105 Columbia street. l.oi Angeles. 129 SoutH Sprlns Street. Ill I
ADVERTISEMEyTS. *
am 1/ * T^^ \l B
S\\ lffljk pr If MM
OR, HOLSMAN & CO,,
Reliable Specialists ¦
" M ore Tluux 17 . Tears' Suecaas.
ConitUtatlon Txto at Oflc» or Dy 7**r\,
WE MAKE NO MISLEADETO- STATB-
> MENTS or .deceDtivs , proposition* ; to - tb«
afflicted. Neither do w» promise. to enr*
them IN A FEW DATS In order to Mean
their patronage. . but : w« ¦> guarante* COM-
PLBTE, SAFE AND LASTING CURS tS
the ' QCICKEST POSSIBLE TTSC*, wtti-
oxrt leaving Injurious after effect* In th«
system, and at th* lowest co»t poestbU
for HONEST. 8K1L1SVL AND SCCCE33-
FUX. TREATaoCKT. ' . >\ ..
i WB CTJRBT all ca»e» of "WEAX3OW8."
* STHICTURE,*- - V A RICOCELE. 8PECOTC
BLOOP POI3OW, NERVOU9NES8. CO.V-
\ TRACTED ¦-. DI3ORDER3. VXDN ET and
, BLADDER TBOtJBUCS '« aad reflex • com-
plications and awoclata dtaeai** and W«ak-
' nets** of m«n. ¦ WMHDMMMMpMMptatHg|
; WE HAVE CXTRO MORB MEN THAN
' any l other phyatetaaa on to* " coaat. . Oar
treatment* are mor* raUocal. mor« mod-
ern and mor« eff«cUT» than aar other pay-
) sicians practicing in th« TVnt. Our treat-
ment gtre« Ttm. -rlatir. lritallty. «twn«th
and ambition to mk aad despondent men,
young or told. marrl«d or sir*l«, rejardless
of the cause of their trouble.
O— • — : .' .. ' -O'
rrxa raAgoira-BT.it w« do
not want any nua to f««l that a*
I to ns>bl( topty.u, u «• nlwvt
! arransre our Urm* la oarm«at» to
' *nlt tHelr eoaT«nl«nee,' and donbt-
1 toy PATTBarTS BUT TWUT TO.
Til. CTTBin> BETOai TXYZSfQ. .
: o '.;:.".;. / -, ', '¦¦'-''-•.'.".,'. ...^ ,.^..o
'It you cannot call, write for ques-
tion list and fn« book, describing our
specialty. Correspondence confidential.
DRrlLSMANllii
729 XAJUCBT. 3TEEET. (Too Tlooi).
. HOURS— 0 to 8 dally; 0 to 12 Sundays.fHE^sAN&ER^^^^
40
SEAL ESTACT— CrrY~TO»"aALE.
SHAINWALD. BLTKliEE &. CO..
21$ and ¦.*20'i(onl*omery st»
Mills H-!ild«r.. -
MARiXii . VIEW. "
. EXTRA' LARGE LOTS.
Overlooking the GoIJtn Gate. Twenty-ser-
»nth a»«.. north of Lakt st These let j espe-
rially adaoted Tor hom«s, beln? H7:6 it. wlda
by a depth of 120 feet; prl^e *1S»H> each; caah
or terms; street work and sewer completed.
Agent on land Sunday* i> show lots.
$15,C00^— Ellis st.. rear Polk: substantial Im-
provements; lot 27:6xl2u feet '.to rear
»tre*t: flne lnv<».->tinenC
$2C,0CO— Suitable fcr buiiUers; price rnlured
from $. - :O,CO<J; marlnp view property
, corner Filbert antl Brort^nck *t». ; lot
273x137:0 tret; street work done-'wUl
make 12 fire lots It- subtllvlfie-J; a bar-
rain.
$7.C00— Shrader st, ne*r Carl; 2 fln»'n«w
flats. 5-7 rtx>ms and bath; Just finished:
every modern convpnienre; rents fj) p ?P
month; both flats leaser!; lot ZjxIO f*ef
an exceptional bargain. *
! $10,750 — Leavenworth st'. near Wasalcston.
, large two-ftory and basement house at
about IS rooms; beautiful marine view;
ideal location for sanitarium; lar-r- ictl
H'i :Cxl37 :(5 feet: «xcer>tlcnar chance to
buy. as the' price U remarkably low.
$fi.500 — O'Farrell gt. : Key lot. w«st o? Fill-
more; lot 30x137:6 feet; excellent loca-
tion for an apartment-house or Cats, and
the price is below anything la this
section.
I $8,0CO — Shrader st. n»ar Golden Gats Park
¦ Panhandle; residence just finished:
tvery modern Improvement; 7 rooms aod
hath; lot 23xlGO ft.; very artistic
I $25,000 — Beautiful marine virw resldene* ra
Washington st, near Locust; thorough-
ly modern in every respect; containing
all up-to-date conveniences; lot 53x
127:8% feet
POPE TRACT.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE LOTS.
CREAM OF THE PANHANDLE FROPERTT.
SITUATE ON COLE. SHRADER. CHAT-
TON AND ALMA STREETS.
FIRST SUBDIVISION.
Streets and lots graded, macadasolzed; said
sewered: every lot read? to but!d oa. For
further particulars, prices, ete., loqutr* at our
office. Special Inducement offered to builders.
' $2,900— Ashbury st. near Hayos; lot !3xl0«:3
feet, adjoining Golden Gat* Park; sewer
* and ga* connections made; a snap.
$12,500— Stores and flats on Sacramento ft,
near Central ave.; rents $110 per month:
lot 50x100 feet.
$6,000— Derlsadero. near Halght: restdtaost S
rooms and bath: lot 23x125.
$17.000— 2d-st comer, nr. Harrison: 70x99 ftt
flne site fcr modern business building.
Get a copy of our printed list of propertle*
for sale.
BHAIXWALD. BUCKBEB A CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery st. Mills bldg.
'¦•:,-¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦' AT AUCTION. "
REFEREES' SALE WITHOUT LOOT.
. . 417-417% Grove st and 350-352 try ave. :
4 flats; total rents $71: lot 25x120 ft tr rear
street. Sale takes place TUESDAT, Nov. 8,
1904, at 12 o'clock, salesrooms of
SHAINWALD.' BVCKBEE & CO..
21S MONTGOMERY STREET.;
MADISON & BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1S5S.
30 Montgomery st Oppoalt* Lick House
$40,CCO — Corner on Octavla st. near Sutter:
fiats rentlnir fcr over 0 cer cent; lot
COxS7:6. .
$13.500 — 2 flne new flats en Washington st,
near fine park: 3 and 3 rocma and bath;
rent $1680, per annum.
$20, OOtV— Powell *t business rjroperty:- 65-foot
front runnlns- throush to rear street;
old improvements paying S12R0 per an-
num; flne property to Improve.
$10.750— Page st: 2 up-to-dats Cats, « and T
rooms ar.d bath: annual rent $3(0.
$6,000 — Store and - fiat 6 rooms and . bath
above., on Oak st: rent $€3O r«r an-
num ; .. this is .worth looking i- :o.
$C0OO^ — Bryant. st. near* Third; . m'c&tra flats;
well rented: lot pSxSO. ':....
$4,250-rLeavenworth «.. In choice) location:
house cf 6 rooros and bath; lot 22:0x70
feet; rent $3CO r>er annum.
SS.COP — Folsoci st. rear Second, north ilia of
street; large lot and house 'of '13 room?.
$3,100^ — Harrison st.. near First; house rent*
$13; lot 20x68:9.
' LOTS.—
$4,100— Flllmore st, near Grove; lot 23x107:8.
ch'oick income propertt.
$3.000 — 2 modern flats; .5. rooms and bath
each; near Market and Guerrero . sts. :
. rent $504 per annum. .
$5.C<X) — Two flne lots: B«ula!t st" "tnr Stan-
yan: 50x137 :«.
$2.450 — Let 25x123 on flne street, near Du-
.' ¦: . boca Park snd Btelner *t.i fin* lot for
flats: all new Imsrovasients oa tha
block.
$1.973 — Harrison mt:. near 2»th; fln» oottag*.
5 room* and bath: lot 25x110; cheap.
$4.5CO — ChatUr.oosra ' st. naar Twanty-ttirdi
¦ large lot. e5xllT:6 to rear street.
$5,00C — North Beach investment i 4 Cats" iwi
$504 per annum: larg*Iot. 40 ft front,
en Bay st. - - - - --•¦
Lots 27:8x137:6 on Sutter st, Ifetwwn Ststas*
and Pierce.
Building lots. XTE. corner Goldes Gat* «r«k
5 Bd st.: -in sizes to miiti price*
from $2000 upward.
MADISOX A BURKE.
80 Montgomery st, opp. Uck Hocs*l
, GANCO. GUNZ * CO.." '
Real Estate, Rentals. Investments T — 11 ¦¦¦¦
634 Market st. Opp. Palace Hotal.
Telephone Matn 5389."
$4750— Rents tiSS a year: 5 sw*u bay-wlndoi*'
flats, 4-5 rooms and bath; swell Invest-
ment; 2 .blocks from the City Hall- la-
ves tl gate tnl«- property.
$1300— Rents $53- a month: 4 flat*. 4 room*
. each; also large rtable; brick foundation:
,,<•««« to 6th st; lot 23x70 f**t. ;
$4000— Scott st. near. Geary; must absolutely
be sold; rents low. »312 a year- If im-
proved would pay well. ' • ¦ -.-
$3900— Two double bay-window flats. 5-« room*
and bathi; rents $400 a y*ar; nice portion
of the Western Addition; close tb Geary
st; lot 23x120 fe«t.
$3250— Biggest snap ever offered; good 2-story
residence. 7 rooms and bath; on 13tS
st. near Valencia;' lot alone worth tha
price asked. .- v. -,.;•'
$30CO— Another big bargain; fln« 2-story hous<*.
3 rooms and bath; nicely tinted- and in
.^^ flrst " clas " order; near Geary and Stelner.
$2SC0— Jone»-st residence; 6 rooms and bath;
lot alone worth the ironey and if house*
was remodeled • would b«> worth twice th«
present pric*; lot 29xlO« feet.
$2600— Swell cottage. 6 rooms tnd bath; bay-
•^««« wl r. dow> etc - : °n 23d st. near Guerrera.
f2500— Near 16th and -Valencia; nice cottage, 3
•»^» rocrna an(1 t>ath : good Numbing, stc
iCOtM—Cottage, 8 rooms and bath: hasement.
¦ . •to.; near ISth and No* st*.; lot 23x114 ft
GANCO, OUN2 & .CO...
634 Market st. opp. Palace Hotel.
LAST OF THK PANHANDLE - BLOCKS'
LAST OF THE PANHANDLE BLOCK3.'
16 LOTS SdLD IN TWO WEEKS.
WALLER 'STREKT.
CLAYTON STREET".
¦This Is the rast opportunity to buy loti
-at low figures in the famous' Panhandle dis-
trict No other property in the city pay*
so well .when improved. Halght street 13
rapidly becoming a flnt-eUss retail buslnetu
•treet Small stores ar* renting fcr l»0 a
month; corners rent a* high as $80. This s*c-
1 tion is one of the most thickly popuUt-l
tn our city, snd Halirht street Is tba nat-
- ural -buslnvMi .treet. The lots we "are seli-
ln* for ?.:.jCi> will soon be worth $3000.
0Oly a .J ew r«»*s «g»: when -lets
on.Flllmora arid Cevlaartero street* sold fot
a nominal amounx, and Ha tght street will
excel those streets for business
Take a walk, to-day through this rapidly
growing, jkictlcn and v note- Its marvelou*
growth Then select a Jet in our new block.
You -will ; never rvrret It ¦- " ¦
- -LYON * HOAG.
' . 118 'Montgomery st.
' WHY NOT BUILD
on 'that vacant lot of yours?' We loan full
cost of improvements ar.d ' oar* lot .at « pet
eent; plans furnished If ¦ cUalred. . See us.
. .MANHATTAN. LOAN CO.. Crocker bldg.
FOR ule— Cheap; fine' cottage of 5 rooms and
. bath; high basement 27;) Jersey st. ntai
Noe; Inquire next door. 3S3. '
> HOMES on easy terms; $10 per month; *U
¦tr««t work dons. 934 Parrott hU«
1 LY0N.« &-"HQ\Q-: 110 ; Moiitsornery » it "-'-.*¦ *¦
'- Send for four' printed lint < of i-rooertles for
¦;•"¦> ;. sale^ in. 'all sections ; of i the city, ,
.' We have' the finest list cf resiliences for sale In/
>: • the city ' at . prices t to: suit everybody: : the
;V following, Is a list: of >; law choice ones:
! CORNER'! RESIDENCE NEAR PARK. - ?
$3G00-*-Cottage of ¦ D s large rooms . and bath; .
'; . nicely'. Unisned; modem' in every' respect,
7- corner lot. assuring plenty of sun and light j
. 1 , bloclt - Irom Golden Gate Park; must sell,
.-"owner .leaving tows.
$3300— Harrison 'st: lii-etbry' cottage:"' built ' -
\'.\ years; tt rOoma and bath; lanre B-foot; base-.,
j ;-. -'¦• ment ; a . very cosyj. home. . ¦
; $45OO^-$73O each: brand new cottage; 5 rooms
!¦-• and. bath;. artistically finished; key lot: sun
1 : fell day; excellent surroundlnss: 2:blocks
south of Halght andScott; a chance to se-
! cure a home on easy terms;. 5^5Ss*
f $5500— Splendid home In- tho Mission: 2-story
' basement and l attle rcaldonc* : 8 rooms and
i bath;* hot air furnace; large sunny rooma;.
I • extra well built; day's work; charming vlewB
I - '.overlooking new Mission Dark; owner about
i, to' lea vocltv: and determined to sell. '.
$55(10—^See this to-day; brand new colonial cot-
t---- tage; r &- rooms and bath; very artistic in nn-,
> lsh; large lot; 30 feet. frontaire; terms easy;
j- not . tar from Waller end Deviaadero.
$7500— $1600 cash, balance $100 monthly; Eng-
¦ lUh basement -house: brand new; 10 rooms;:
¦latest sanitary plumbing; lots of sun; key
! . lot ; :. big - rooms; < 2 blocks - from Haicht ' and
" Cole; ¦ good neighborhood ; now - leased for 1
year at $t0: per month." . . • ¦
'- - " I . .-'., -.*.- ~ " - ' '• - ¦'
. $2000 down" buy* a. brand new residence of 10
rooms ar.d bath." reception hall, hot air fur-
I nace In the Western Addition; only 20 mln-
i ' utes\ ride from Market - and Kearny sts;;
i- price $5500; terms easy; get particulars at'
> office. • ..... ¦ ' . . >. -:
j $8500 —^A very artistic home ; commanding fine
marine .view; handy to 2 . car lines; t near
Green and Stelner; residence has S rooms and
bath' and - space • for 2 additional rooms in
attic. •
$10,500— Beautiful northwest corner In "Western
I ; . Addition; new 2-story attic • and basement
residence; Moorish architecture; o rooms and
¦ bath: S additional rooms can be finished in
I -'¦ attic; fine : marine view. • v s
$15,600— Pacific ; Heights section: elegant . resl-
' denco of 10 large rooms and bath; modern
and In flrst-class condition; beautiful garden;
commands. grand marine vlw. ¦
LYON- & HOAG, lltl "Montgomery st
[ SOME KEW LOTS
! NEVER OFFERED BEFORE.
, $S50 to $050.
$100 Cash. $10 Monthly.
If . you want : to make money or secure a
choice home site, be out to th« new block to-
day offered for the first time; It is between
10th and 11th ¦¦ aves., J and K sts.. only 2
blocks from the car line and Golden Gate Park.
The land lies on a slight elevation overlook-
ing the - park. Golden Gate and . commands a
good view of the ocean.
Land at $34; $35 and- $36 a front foot so
¦ close to the business center of . a large and
rapidly growing city like San Francisco Is
I extremely cheap. ">
j Don't hesitate: see the block to-day: con-
sider the ' price: you . must ¦ realize it cannot
j remain at these figures long; remember streets
tare macadamized, sewered, etc *
j LYON & HOAG. , 116, Montgomery st.
j.>* :, CHOICE RESIDENCE, LOTS.
CHOICE : RESIDENCE LOTS.
$1400 TO $2250.- . .
$1400 TO $2250.- . --.; ... L*. .
DE\aSADERO ST.
WJ&ltj 'DUBOCE AVENUE.
Thousands of dollars have been spent grad-
ing the new tract two blocks south of Halght
and Devlsadero streets. ¦:>:
The streets have been sewered, j graded and
. bitumlnized and ' accepted - by the city.
This tract Is charmiftsly situated.- It Is
' protected from the wind by Buena Vista Park
on the west and Duboce Park lies directly be-
• low It. - - ¦' ¦:'-- -..-¦
The • view* of the dty and lower bay are
superb. The lots are large, mostly 30 feet
front, thus assuring an abundance of light and
sun. . _¦ •. - .:
I : Please note the low prices. Lots on an ac-
' cepted street, - within ten minutes' walk of
Halght and Market streets, and a choice neigh-
borhood, too, for only $70 per front foot
THEY ARE GOING FAST.
OVER THIRTY ARE SOLD.
In order to Improve the property and give It
a character; a number of artistic houses have
been . built • by the ' owner,'- which will be sold
at absolute cost on very easy terms.
' How to' get there. Take Haight-st car to
Devlsadero or Scott, walk two blocks south.
.'.-¦-•-' LYON & HOAG, "*v> -
'; ' 116 Montsrom'ery'St '.
CM. WOOSTER CO.. .;..- . 643*MABKET ST.
¦ A CHINATOWN BUY.
$12,000 — A 2-story 'brick* building In heart
of Chinatown; on Sacramento St. ; new plumb-
Ing; new roof; new sewer; rents $900 per an-
, num; lot 25x00; can sell the same property
running through to Commercial st, making
a grand holding of 25x120, with a frontage
On Sacramento and Commercial fits., with a
total rental of' $1860, for $24,000.
$7500— Pays over. 14 per'. cent; corner," near
Fifth and Folsom sts. ; 0 flats, rents for $1068
per annum; large lot, " 45xS0; this la a bar-
gain, and is just what you arc looking for.
$6600— Two grand new fiats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath - each ; renting for $600 ' per annum ;
lovely view; near Duboce Park; 25x00. . .
$35,000— 24 modern flats, baths; pood man-
tels, etc., In the best of. condition; fine plumb-
Ing, ' good roofs, " foundations, etc ; rented to
a superior class of tenants- for $3600 per an-
num; on 7th st; 100 feat front; pays over 10
per cent as It Is, -and : by assuming tho mort-
- gage of $12,000 ¦ It will- pay over 12 per cent
per annum. *; ¦ . .
$8500-— Three new modern flats of 8 room*
and bath each; In an exceptionally flne neigh-
borhood where property . la : always • rented to
• a high ¦ class of tenancy; - rents - for $960 per
annum, or . over. 11 per cent; ¦ place a ¦ mort-
' gage • on : this - of $4500, . and make over 17 - per
' cent per annum; lot 25x123; near Duboce Park.
;, $12,000 — A" flne large corner on Bryant «t,
1 sear - 7th st. ; renting . for : $1122 per . annum;
¦tores and flats; 65xS0.
¦'J. $S00&— Handsome cottage of . B rooms; high
i basement, etc; on Fair Oaks st, near 23d,- the
: heart of the Mission warm belt; large lot, 30:6x
1 US; 'street bitumlnized.
;¦¦ $3300 — Fourth ; st, hear.; Folsom; lot 25xS0;
• a • great Increase - In .¦ values ; Is assured . when
: (tho contemplated ; widening . of K Fourth st. is
consummated. ... • " .
' - $2500 — Beautiful t new : handscma, up-to-date
little gem of a house: 6 rooms and bath; high
basement; '-.lot .25x114.; In the warm belt of
; the Minion;" /'.' >'¦•'," "
• $3500— Pay* over 15H per cent: 6 well built
i flats, • near 9th: and Harrison : ' lot 25xS5; ¦ joins
: tho Sth-st frontage; a bargain. ¦
"'<¦ ' $000— A flna' building ' lot; 23x110; Harrison
.' st" and ' Precita ave.
$450-^Rhode Island st. lot. half a block from
24th 'St.; cars; level; ready -for building; this
lot Is worth'800;. a -bargain;- lot'2oxlOO. t - -.-.:-
\ C. M> WOOSTER "CO.; 643 MARKET ST.
- HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK -LOTS.
Do you realize that the growing city of San
Francisco hat. . only v:'*mall. area -of
' Ocean > Beach? -..-
Astounding prices ¦ will be , obtained ' for lots
: . . fronting the ocean In n<ear future.
We offer the 'only graded', lots'i fronting right
on ; boulevard. 1 ocean and park. •
$450 ' to $10o6-^-Unobstructed " ocean ' and park
. ' view. Lots on ' easy ¦ terms. None like
-* them. in* this city. -' Selling rapidly at
- , our low . prices and terms. ¦ Don't
. >-. miss,- this opportunity; . - &•• -
: ¦ -them : to-day.- -
$100 to $350— Near^park'and ccean; $5 monthly;:
Ge^ off car at • our Oceanside Branch Office on
corner H st and 47th ave, open daily
* • -A- ¦¦¦¦*"' -and. Sunday. ,.."¦¦•. ¦ . •
-• $300;to:$U0O— Choicest. Sunset and Richmond
i **' "ft. 1 ..-lots. On, Installments. '--^ :
, $100 to $100— Level 'Excelsior ! Homestead lota.
to&f&3BB£l* t&r cars; : $5 monthly. •
. $1250 toV $8oW r Modern ' cottages In , Sunset ;
Richmond. ,: Oceanside -and Mission-
--' ;;-*-;. -easy i terms. ~ " '
SOL GETZ, &; SON, -Owners and Dealers
Room 54.. fourth floor.- Chronicle bldg.
i',."*^' ;--¦¦¦;• ¦:> WHY/ NOT. BUILD T~~
on 'that : vacant lot -of yours? We loan "fin
. cost <• of * Improvements - and • part *¦ lot at -a-m-r
, cent ; t plans s* furnished r if f desired. - Seen!
- MANHATTAN, LOAN CO.. CrockerTbldg?
&-RO0M „• cottage, "cheap; -nearly : new- « latest
plumbing: 1500 cash, bal. 1 ' monthly. % Parttou-
I ; ; lars^l? Bennlngton ;sf,? near: Cortland ave
j $1250— LOT 25x125; on ' east -line of Dolores
! :st.: near Twenty-sixth.; Inquire 553 Valen-
. .'. eta. st.' ¦¦:.:K.",i- ,-; ;;. ;.-;..': ... . ¦:..--• .-.¦¦-,-;-, -.-'
- A WELL- RENTED' pair: of "flats; lot 25x114;
**i In J Mission ; : price : $4000. ;' Owner, .- box 364d
; ";'--fCallJofflc«j:.i--.-:':,>-.-;C'^. > '.^.^ ' :: ;'.' iL ¦ -'
FOR ' sale> cheap; i level ¦ building .' lot on Fair
."-.-,:¦; Oaks , sf Owner, : box 3795. Call ; office.
THEiM^b:
AJ'r<ts Cunimcalcstloas to
jirillX McXAirGirr . . . , . . .. .Manager
U. 4. MAUTIX... jjublncsa Manager
TKLETHONE.
A.k fcr TUK CALI^ The Operator Will Cen-
ttcs Tea Witn'ta Departiceat You Wisa.
l\;t!icst:cn Cfr.ce. ...Market and Third. S. F.
I.'civorji: Uci-nj l'J7 to Steve=»on st
L. liven-d ty r.rVirrs. 20 Cts.Per W*«k. 75.
CU. IVr Mcrth. t-'kngte Ccpiep 5 Ct«.
l«^ro-ji tr UaU ;iicit:d'ni: 1 : osu.i;b (Caib Wl» ;
T\MLT <~A!.L 1 r-lu\'.. s-'uruiar». « »»sr- •-*?•!?? ;
IIAILT CAL3. «!r.c:i;.I. Sur.day). <l bjos... 4-W i-
HAJLY CAL!^-i:y Simth '^ i
: fNji.y CALL. 1 \*er » ;." •
r.iXKI-V OALU ; Vejr • lC0
, TV1 . _.._.. r-sily. . .$8.50 Per Y*«r BW :
IOI.i.I'iN i-jij-u',1- 4 ¦"¦, per Y**»r 1'Jitra |
VCHTJi^H .j v.VeUv! l'.C<> Per Tear Ei'rt |
HX. rcsTiiASTERs ark at;thohised to .
reckivk EUuscnnrrioNS. :
i»=pl* Ccp.e» /»-.!) be fenrarded when r»- j
mwat*ft. !
Mi;! n:t.«mbcr» !n orCcrirg chanr* c^.i2.: !
t-rrr* thou:^ b«« j.»rt:cu!»r <o rive both >t*» •
j»NT» CI-D ACnilKSS in « rJer to tr.sure a .
junn »aj torrect ccmpi!*EC« wl'.b. their r»- j
OAKLAND OFFICE : ¦ ,„, i
K'.R I:ro***ay« Te>r.bcne Mala :0S3
nrrnKELET office: :
ri«S Cer.ttr ftrest .*>. .Telrpbone North ••
WaFTIIXGTOV CORRE§PpNDEXT:
i/inra tr. wall k??* 1 B"^ 00 j
NEW YORK SEWS STANDS*:
We!.iorf-A*tcria Hotel; A. Brentaco. »l
fr.ior. K-uare: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
licstl inil HcffEaan IInu»r. (
CIITCACO NEWS 5TAND3: !
Fr^rrr^r. Ilctse- P. O. News Co.: -Great 5
Northern Ret**: Tremcrt House; Auditorium
J-ftti. Pa:rrer House- v i
• : - ' '£j ' '
CVnr^r.o RCPRESKNTATIVE:
C, CECR-7K KROGKESS. Marquette Building-
¦I>.nc Dir^aac* Telephone. "Central 2S1»- >
NJT5V YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building j
N!TTV TOP.K CORRESPONDENT.
C. C. CARLTON" Herald Square ,
nrFINE<P OFFICE cf tS» Fan Francisco Call, j
<-orr.«r Market snd Third street**, cpen untU .
12 c'clcnk every nj:ht in th* year. i
BRANCH OFFICES: !
JC<* Market itreeu cpposttn Fifth: cpen ontU j
tZ~ Uontjmser7 street, corner Clar: cpen UatU
»:3u n. m. -" {
tfO !!>¦.« street: cpen cctll 8:30 p. m. .
••-3 McAllister street; cpen until 9 :S0 p. m.
• 3.'. Larkin rrre*t: open until 9:30 P- m. ?
'.9*1 Mirricn rtreet: cpen until 10 p. m.
ICC El*\enth ftrect: open until 3 p. in.
3Ctf6 Valencia etreet: cpen until 9 p- m.
Ncrtheart rorr.er Church and Duncan KreeiM;
cr*"" vr.til 9 p. m.
?r<V' FMlmore <rr»pt: opeg until 9 p. m.
nr'-I. ESTATE — CITY — POBBAM.
¦ — — — ' "" I
fcA<JE. UKAJ.KY & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
liouffc* Remed. Hems Collected.
(30 Market Ft_ opp. Palice Hotel.
$2O.Urk— Ccmer, 50 feet trcntSse. with 12 Cats .
ihereon. of 5 rooms and bath; thor- j
I'CgfclT "m^errt tn every rpRDect: bona;
f.de Terim J313 20 per mo.; perroanenUy |
$27 OCtC-A corner en TTnioo st. 154x100 feet: ,
iir.rro\"«3 -.."Ith rcveral cottages and two- 1
«-tr,rr fitrclitngs: Dresent improvements [
renting for £140- per mo.; cottares on
Calon fct. "/raid be raised at small ex_
)<ense ar.d rtores placed underneath to j
I)«j har.dsctne^-: this is the principal j
trsfc!acxs • block ca Union st , _
fC4.(Cfi — Rests ?174O per annum: lot 39x137:6 |
;«i. itnnroved ii-lti »tro S-room hoaxes j
ms.i tt»o fiats cf 7-S rooms and bath; j
un Sisiixrr sx.. not far from Van Nesa j
ave; nortcace HLO00 Hlbernla Bunk |
..an .remain; t*itt*ijrjoertT being cold to j
t«ti> uartuertbUJ Intejyets.
K1.00C— Rtsts $2372 oer annum; nine" modrrn. !
flats rii-a»ted In th* Mission: lot <51xlt0 f
feet; nnrtrase X1S.SOO can remain: va- t
cam lat tn the rear of this property ¦
racrns Valencia «t. C3 feet frontage.
,n b-. obtained tor $12,000 addltlcnal. !
$CCtXT — Kn>t« S2tW per annum; 50 feet front- j
age ca Foteonj. dose to Sixth, running j
• throuEi to rear street 165 feet; should |
be reen to be appreciated.
?17.KC — Tyjrd st. prorerry. not far from Mar-
ket: Ic opposite sold fcr $21,000 last
week; irtcre and lodging house above;
peys "SI? »er cent
$I*.COC— Two !a«7» stores and 2 large flat*
abcre 3f 7 rccjns acd bath each; 5 llv-
iriF. rcc.-n« in i»*r of stores: lot 60 feet
trcntac-. renniaff through to rear street;
an 21icvinn rt. : rents $90 per mo.; could
rtrnJ crar!derab!e Increase.
no,£Cr— T\ree-«cTy brick building: strictly
doirrtcwn pror«rty: store and lodging-
ho*j?"p nixrr: paying a handsome In-
come; the prcoerty being sold to cloee
sin tsteite; ra reastmAble offer refused.
Must bt-.Bo'd immediately; » hantorce
profit cab be made by proper handling
of »h*s property.
$:0.000— VcAiiister st-. near Franklin; this
?r.ti.-T biock Is occupied as stores and
Is strictly bu* Inese property with a
grand future; lot 27:6 feet running
through to rear street; nominal Improve-
ments thereoiv paying $50 per mo. -
$3,000— Three flats <**. Jackson St., near Baker,
renting for *75 per mo.i 5-7-7 rooms,
pcre»lain baths, etc. •
$5,600— Reduced from $7000: must be sold at
once; lot 2nd substantial Improvements
en First st. not far from llarket;
building, rented -and occupied for busi-
ness purposes; First st has an Imme-
diate future. •-•;• - - -
15.500 — 6utter St., store and flat above of 6
rootrs and bath; rent very low. at $450
per annum. *
$5,000— A busiaesc corner on Brannan st.;
•tore, with four living rooms, and flat
above of six rooms and bath; shed and.
rtabie for six horses; large cellar; rents
for $47 x>er mo.
P* * ""O — Harrison «t-. near Fourth; two flats
of 5 rooms earb; 10- foot basement: .new
foundation; rent (42 50 per rr.o.: aold
to cloee an estate: make offer." -
0— A magnlflcetit building Jot .on Ptn«
st. sesr Laguna: level block; bltumln-
ized street: commands an unobstructed
view of the entire dty; three flats
erected on same costing $9000 would
rent for $130 per mo. ' '
$3,500 — Jessie st., north line, near Market;
front and rear house* rent* $26 60 per
mo.: mortgage $1600; property this close
to Market ha* a magnlfleent future
and should be taken advantare- of.
$1.100 — A. lot with nominal Improvements on
Chestnut st. near Fillmore; 27:6x137:8
rest.
SAGE* r>EALET A CO..
633 Market st. opp. Palace *HoteL
' LOTS $10 PER MONTH.
LOTS J10 PER MONTH.
LOTS $10 PER MONTH.
PRICE 1350 EACH.
caW C Jt^ RKT ' NO TA^-,
DIAMOND STREET,
GLEN AVENUE. '
DOUOLASS STREET,
BCRREY STREET. ..
CHENERY STREET
CEE THESE LOTS TO-DAY— «7 HOCSE3
BTJILT AND IN COURSE OF - CONSTRUC-
; TION ON THI8 TRACT.
WATER MAINS LAID. eTREETS GRADED
KBWERED AND MACADAMIZED, ALL
RBADT TO BUILD OX. - ONLY 'A FEW
STEPS FROM THE CARS. CON'V'ENIENT
TO STORES. BCHOOL3- AKD CHURCHES.
TAKE GUERRERO-6T. CARS. GET OFF AT
CHENERY AND CASTRO ET3. REPRE-
SENTATIVE ON GROUNDS EVERT DAY
RIVERS BROS.. 20S MONTGOMERY ST.
MARrXE VTEW LOTS] ~ , - -, '. .- ¦"-
In block* between FortT-slxth 'and Forty-ser-
enth aves. C and D (Fulton) *ts.; half block
from the Fulton-et entrance of the park. 2
block* from th* beach and 3 blocks from the
Cliff House. -.SCH*?4MM|MiBsjgm*j*3
Tt ere lots are sheltered from tb* wind
and ofTer all the attractions one can desire.
The dty ha* appropriated ta open Fulton st
to the ocean, and these lot* will then be ac-
cessible to 3 car lines. N
They are selling rapidly. In dealing with
us you buy direct from the owners and can
obtain them en easy terms, 6 per cent . Inter-
est on deferred payments. . Eee them to-day
before they are all gon«. "
Take " th* - Cliff "'Hcusei car * <O*FarrelI-st
line), get off at the Lire Saving Station and
w&Dc on* , block east' The block 4s - fenced
and has our signs «on. Our representative
will be on the irnmnd^sHMnaiMBasHMsf
WEISSBETN BROS. & CO.. OWNERS.
, C16 Sacramento st ' ¦ . .
VB own lots In th» Western Additions . Rich-
mond District and In different portions of the
Mission. Win Mil you a lot In any locality
on easy terms or arrange to build n "Home'.'
' 1 for yon on easy monthly payment, tame «i
• • rent. - ¦' * "- ' -" ¦ ¦
WKISESEW TR03. A CO., HOME PRC-
— VIDERS. -
_616 Sacramento st.'" 7 . , . ,
FOR SALE — Id««l homes on Ashbury Heights;
grand view; select neighborhood; houses are
built rtcnt:' Price* low; terms , easy; If y©«
are looking for an up to date, swell home,
take a look at these: open, for -inspection
every day. . J. 6TIERLEN. owner and build-
er, on premiss*. S5S to -657, Clayton st; Ma-
- . sonic aver, car to . Carl . and Clayton , sts. •"
j $1S,SOO— Good Investment in Mission warm belt*
Incorr.e $1SOU rer annum; 6 new flats. »
toosr.s and bath c-ach; can 1>? subdlMed;
, ttro frostarcE. ' Capp. ;' near Twenty-sixth.
Henry F*ige, builder and owner, . 1068 Capp.
'• tJ 300 — COTTAGE of 4 rooms; garden.' 21 Holly.
Park ave.; betweent Elsie st. and North ave.
- SEAL ZagATE—CITT — POB SALB. I
' DAVIDSON ; &7 ; LEldll/ > 207 '• Montgomery .. st. '-,
W; *ilUalVKstati.« Agents. ' Phone ' Main li). * .
Rents CollecteJ.. ; 0:>y. :. Mills ;bldjr... entrance.
""•'•"-. - . FLATS. ¦' :¦¦¦.-¦•
f 14.0W— Hyde-st' flats, near Geary; rents ?1200
: ' ' ? pcr.y«ar ami always rented; this is gllt-j
etlge property ar.d might be had for less |
'*mon<*y:'. we will submit a L reasonable ,
oftcr;!25-f6ot lot.' v - ' ', I \'-X ". ¦';•'' ' ' j
$13.C00— Rents $1440: three ' flats / Just : com-,
pitted, «-7-7 - rooms. ; . in . swell ; Western.!
• Addition; residence block; ; . no expense
\. to have • them ; equal ; In grandeur
' tho -surrounding, dwellings; "¦ Inside of
- ¦ ' Fillmore . st ¦.•.:-'/ "¦...¦¦-' , •"> : .'r-"---
$10,600— Rents '$1110; : ; Fillmore-st.V corner; 3-0
room flat* in growing locality; this Is a
real swell - corner and, , as /. the owners
are anxious ,to sell, offer 'what you |
would for lt^a chance for a bargain. ..;
$13.250— Renu $1380; four C and « room flats; j
" best - part of •'- McAllister ' *t. ;: always]
rented; large lot, 60x137:6; owner anx-j
' lous to sell und wants offer., - - " -j
$12,150— Rents $1230; Panhandle flats, close to]
the Park, sunny, side of street, on*
¦ year old, rented , to select tenants; three :
." - «-room ' flats, the popular - sl«; , when
you have eesn all the bulldws , have for
sale,'. and'. are tired of tho regular, con-
ventional flats, look at these; built as a
itcriT 1 & nfcnT. ' i n vcrliTi&n t j lot »uX JL>»*i. ' . ¦
$7. Cot— Rents. $720: "2 ; now 'flats;, your own
home and a place to rent; 6 and C rooms j
! and bathp built by days' work; close j
to Panhandle.' on Clayton et . !
$6,C5G — Rents ' $87« per annum, ,. or ' $73 per '
month, for. 4 large flats;, these rents are
exceedingly low; hut they aro bona flde;
$4000 mortgags at 0 percent;. only -$2U50
•?ash required; after, paying . $^0 .per
month -.interest; -$55 'per month rent re-
- mains on your* Investment of $2050;
large lot; choice imrt of Western Addi-
tion; we can resell this at a'proflt \>|
$0, CCO— Rents $720: 3 Western Addition flats,
' just completed: 4-4-5 rooms and bath!
' each; lot 25x120; very artistic, r '
$2,S0O — Rents $.1C0;- ¦ two Mission ¦, warm " belt j
flats. 4 rooms and bath each; newly
renovated and painted; close -to 14th and
Mission 'sts; live In one ;: and , rent the
" other for $14 per month; parfcash, bal-
ance can remain on mortgage.
INVESTMENTS. .
$265,C0O— $20,400 per annum; $150,000 bank
mortgage at C% per e*nt : downtown
. hotel, closo to Eddy and Market sts.:
' 1C8 rooms, 3 stores and large basement;
- new and modern; nearly 70 ft frontage. :
$W.00O— 3cJ-«. business corner; rents $5100 per;
ytar on secured -lease; 4-story and base- 1
¦' ment ; brick: • improvements nearly new; ¦
nearly 40 feet frontage; well worth in- j
vestlgatlr.ir. - ' • ' <•'•¦ • '
$55,000— Rents $5400 per annum; 4-story and ;
basement brick and frame apartment-
house In the district north" of Market
and east of Leavenworth, where rents
Rre high and steady: nearly 35 fe^t
frontage; full depth; non-resident owner
requires cash. '
$50.000 — Prominent corner on 4th st, close. to
. Market: nearly -70 feet frontage; good
depth: rents nominal. ;
$35,000— Larkin-at. corner, clos« to Market st;
.;0xll0; a flne speculation; . rents nom-
inal. ' •¦;'
¦* lots. , ¦i'-V-'": :.'- : :
$200 — To close an estate; 10 lots on the
north I side ¦ of Crescent ave., between
Fo'.som and Banks sts.: make your own
price.
$3oO — To' cIom an estate; 10 lots on the
. north line of Cortland ave.. between
-Anderson and Ellsworth sts.; make your
- own price. .
$4,5C0— Guerrero-st. 'corner. 36x72; could be,
Improved and made to pay big rent;
not far out
$2,400— Frederick-st building lot, level and
ready to build on; a snap. - I
$1.600 — Lots on Clayton st. running through to
Tremont ave., 133 feet deep, ready to
- ; build on ; close to Carl st ¦ • ' j
$1.000— Mission corner. 55x104; Eastern owner |
wnnts to sell; make offer. . ... \-
$4,000— Jackson st., near Central ave., 25- ;
foot building . lots.
W. A CORNKR IN SUBDIVISIONS.
S. E. corner of i»lne.and Webster sts.; good
title now; ready .to build on;, lots any size;
price to suit. .
SPECIAL '.....:.................. ESPECIAL
Pri#> $24,000.".... .....Rents $3240.
If this property can be sold the coming week,
the owners can make an Investment which. will
net th«m a profit of $15,000 before January 1.
1905; It. will not be for sale after next Satur-
day. Description— 6 flats in central W. : A..
7-S-8" rooms, all modern Improvements: : over .
50 fe*t frontage. You can buy 3 flats for
$12.CO0, cr both. Don't forget that $3240 per
year means $270 pejr month. ' • -
..DAVIDSON &, LEIGH. 207 Montgomery st
THORNE & KILPATRICK.
• 312 Bush st, near Montgomery.^
BUILDING LOTa
'--¦ -Grand Downtown Subdivision. r -
$3,500— North 'side of Green. st, west of Van
Ness aVe.; 27:6x137 :&.. ¦- •"¦.-. --
$8,000— West .side of .Van • Nes* ave.. r bet.
Green and Union,; each 27:6x101:7 4-5,
$3.500— South, side of Union st r west .of Van
Ness ave.. each 27:6x137:6.. . .
$9,250— NW. cor. Green and Van Ness, 27 :6x
101:7 4-5. --'<^^gafa&g&$B?S$ag
All of the above lots are level and on
grade ; surrounded . by . elegant ¦ modern Im-
provements; several flne ; residences planned
to be built on lots already sold In this block;
all street work done and accepted.
9EACH ST '"
/ • " S_JZ*! if)
1 1 I 'feg
SIX . LARGE- LOTS.
' MAGNIFICENT .MARINE- VISW.
Level and on grade; street work done; sowers
. In; south siae. Beach st. ;' sizes 26 an<i
26:6x137:6: price $2100;west side Hyde
. Bt; site 27xS5; price $2100; easy terms,
one-third ' cash; ;» cheapest lets . In ¦ tha
.' . clty; s Hyde-st.?cars. %•'
*"* - houses. :J\ .:¦"¦'-' ; ¦ .
¦$4,000^ — Beauttful new residence. 8 rooms and
- ¦ - ' bath:- all-. Bunny; all latest appliances;
finished basement: beamed - ceilings in
dining-room and hall; grand view ; sit-
uated on Falcon ave.; -near. 18th st':., t
$7,000— Broderlck St., near Jackson; flne res-
idence, 8 rooms and '.bath: lot 27x112;
every; room sunny ;- large sunny yard;
' choice location. ¦ .:. '.'.'-.. .
PACIFIC HEIGHTS - RESIDENCE. •
2C17 Buchanan st, bet Broadway, and Paclflc.
Eleeant modern residence, 11 ' rooms,' 2 baths;
finished "concrete basement. ¦ heater,': etc. ;
¦ hardwood* flnUh- throughout; all -newly
painted and. thoroughly renovated Inside
"¦" * : and out; lot : 34x109;.: cost J25.000: % will
- ¦ . ¦ be sold at a sacrifice : key at our office.
* $7,500-^Clayton, near' Frederick;: new' house;
, . Jui=t completed: 8 rooms, and bath; fin-
ished basement. >. \
PRIME INVESTMENT. ;
$12,000— Mission st '..'<¦ near 20th: • 2 ; large stores
> with 2 flats above of 6 rooms and ' bath
"each:- lot 40x05; In absolutely flrst-class
condition:' modern -and . up-to-date .'. In
* ' ' ' ' every J respect ; $6000 bank, mortgage at
• \ 6 per cent can remain., r.
THORNK* KILPATRICK, /
. » 312 BUSH . BT,.; -.. -. . ¦¦ : -/
jas.;b. brooks & co., < , . . , v
M(6|3g!»filjagCBSS9^ffiSt'V-- 238 : Montgomery st.
f< "'.'-»*v'K, Park PanhRndle Flats.
Must be sold. % Owner ./'..'
compelled , to ' leave . city. ¦•¦¦.,':-..
..* . *„' * Lot 1 . ZOXllO. . .' - r
'. Sacramento-nt. Corner.;
r^Vi.; .V*-' 3 ''circular ; bay-window ¦' flats; -
• - Leased for 1 $1260, per 'annum.
; s Bank ; mortgage ' of : $7000 - ,
Central-ave. - residence.
7 . rooms ' and : bath : modern *
.--•. throughout;; near car lrnes. .-
-,' Lot 25x100.
- • . . Mission" FlaU.
;•:,'. - • ?6300.'. •
2 ' flat* - and unfurnished lower
. " ¦--?,; flat' - which ¦ can . be r - - " ¦'
- "mads :into^ living. \f\ :;.*•'
: •¦ . rooms', af; small: outlay.
.' * '¦---- ¦
.'-.."•,---; Spsclarsi Bargain '.
. r In : Mission :. cottage.
¦¦-: ir'.-- '¦* ' -6 rooms and bath.'- . ,
: , i - :¦-¦..-- tl050.- -
¦ , . Lof s a6xl02. ;;
j/vv -t^aooksfft co.; n -. -' '-:..y ... ; :
'¦.•; t^'. 5 , 1 -''-. - " B|HHJ)^tMqiMwtt,aBWI'y • St'
HEAL ESTATE— CTTY— TOR SA1T. :
'J. H. UMBSCN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
'¦ REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND
• .-. AUCTIONEERS. -? -J- '
tZZ.COC— Rents' J271HJ per annum; Ellis et. ¦ In-
side of FlUmore; • new* Improvements
,ccr;s!?t of 10 flats with' *ll the latest
modern conveniences; lot has ¦". front- j
aircf; no better buy on the market l
$17,500— Reduced; rents $1500 per annumj
Larkln ct; 3 new modern flats -of 3- •
rooms and bath each; lot 34x75. ';•-;..
$13.500— Renu $1110 per annum: near Ellis
and Fillmore sts. ; '¦! handsomely fln-
i»h»d flats of 7-S rooms and bath each,
with all modern Improvements; lot 25x*
m':6. . ,' ¦ - -
510.5CO— Waehlngtcn ct; a choice corner. 50x
137:6;- splendid location for apartments
or flats. ¦--' -
$7.S00— Kents $7SS vtr ar.num, which "are
low; Sanchez st.. close, to Market; im-
provements consist of -3 flats of & rooms
and bath each; 25x100.',-.^ "'
E8.200 — Corner, near. Union and W-ebster sts.;
large lot, 87:0x120;: S fruntaces, a snap.
5C.2CC — K«nt» $04S per annum; Webster st..
near Htight; 3 modern flats of 5-4 rooms J
end bath each, la" eood oVder and !
. steadily r«ited; lot 25x37 :«. ' . • •
'SC.1SC — Rents $570 per annum;. Second ave., j
n*ar Clement at.; 2 nicely built flats of j
-V-5. rooms and bath each; lot 25x120. ¦ |
S5.80G — Mascnic ave.; new modern . residence 1
1 cf 9 rooms and bath and- finished base- {
roent ; building alone worth thi money;;
lot 25x125. . .
$5,S0&— Close v» Duboce Park; new modern
ccttage of 5 rooms and bath • and fin- 1
ished basement; lot 25x85. . ¦ -
'f -t.SCC — Kent* J15G per annum; 7th St.. near '
IVIs-om; inurovements consist of 3-story
' : . budding and lot 25x75; "this property
lsas a splendid future; make cff:r.
$3, COO— 22d Bt.; a new stcry-and-half cottage
of ti rooms and' bath; -high basement;
.concrete bulkhead and 'walks; lot 25x
111: built especially for the owner.
?2,CSG— Rents ?252 per anrfum; 2 well-built
fiats of 4 rooms an J bath each ; lot 26x
114: 2 bargains./
$2. COO—^Sacramento* st, n-ar Maple; choice
" bulldlr.t; lot, 27:Cxl32; a snap.
J2.0C0 — A choice northeast cornWcn 7th ave.:
22:exlC0: cheap.
$1.750— Fair Oaks st. : 2 desirable building
leu tor residence or flats; surrounded
by choice residences ; 25^125 each.
' For further particulars of the abov« and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list Of
property fcr -sale In all parts of the city, ap-
ply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
. . 20 Montgomery st
OSCAlt HETMAN.... ......14 POST ST.
—NEW BLOCK—
' _' —NEW BLOCK—
On Silllman and Glrard sts., half blcck from
the San Bruno-ave. car line; beautiful lote, 50x
120 feet;, all level and ready, to build on; just |
the pVace for a small home, with plenty of !
ground for cultivation; $10 down and $10
rccnthy secures one cf these lots.
PARK AND SPRECKELS LAKE.
• $4W) — Beautiful lots, overlooking Spreckels
Lake and the park; only half block from Ful-
.toa-su electric road; tecure a lot In this grand
future locality. .
FORTT-EIGHTH AVE. AND THE OCEAN
BOULEVARD.
The finest lets in that locality; all level,
fenced and ready to build on; grand view of the
ocean and boulevard drive. ¦
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
$1500 each— 3 lots on Third ave. : 35 feet
south of Hugo St.; street bitumlnized; cement
sidewalks laid; easy, terms.
RICHMOND LOTS.
$450 each — only 4 lots left on Twenty-third
ave. _
VERMONT AND TWENTY-FIFTH STS.
5 octtages now being bullu 4 of them already
sold; your rent money .will buy a home In this
fine locality; away from the fog and wind.
NEW MISSION COTTAGE.
$3300— $500 down. $25 a month; Just finished;
5- room and bath cottage;, electric lights and
all modern conveniences; lot ."7:0x113 feet
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD. .
$400 each— Only 2 lots left; half block from
the Mission- st cars.
LOT FOR CHICKEN RANCH.
$500—240x100 feet; near Silver ave.; also
other lots for the saine purpose.
WESTERN ADDITION.
$6500 — Beautiful S-rocm residence, finished
basement, attic and "other conveniences; east
> and west exposure; 1 block from the Sutter
end California rts. car lines; easy terms If de-
sired. v .
RICHMOND FLATS. .
$4850— 2 newly built flats; on California St..
close to all car lines; rented for $44 50 a month;
bank mortgage of $2500 can remain:
OSCAR HETMAN. 14 POST ST.
:•••;„ speck & CO.,
Selling. ' £09 Montgomery st Insurance.
Leasing. " ¦' Rents Collected.
$23 600— 50xS7:6: Post st; key lot to Larkln
st; old improvements t pay 6 .per cent
net ,
$20.000 — Fine 33-foot corner north of and with-
in 2 block* of Market ft., with 9 new
, flats, rented " for $2580; $8000 bank
mortgage can remain; pays over IS per
cent net '
$14,000—3 el»-rant new modern flats: desirable
. part of Western Addition; - 33-foot lot;
rents $1440 yearly; want an offer.
$13.500 — Fine south of Market st business
corner on Folsom St., close in, with
good Improvements; Income $1236; lot
- 25x90.
$13,250— New Richmond flats, close In and near
¦ Golden Gate Park: rents $137 50 month;
bank mortgage $$500 can remain; lot 4Sx
120 feet. ' .
$12,C00 — Lot 41:6x137:6. with" flne Improve-
' meats; on Pine st. close to Buchanan;
rent* $1020 year.
$11,250— C Western Addition flats within few
blocks of- City Hall; 25-foot lot and
renting for $1260; $7000 bank mortgage
can remain. * - ;
$9.850^ — Splendid new Western Addition flats:
25- foot lot: rented for $1110; a good
buy «
$1,500— South of Market st investment, paying
17 per cent net: flats; 25-foot lot; a
pplendld investment ;
$2,250— A pretty new cottage In th» Mission;
6 room* and bath; lot 25x100; corner.
CHOICE LOTS.
$26,000 — Superb southeast corner. 137:6x137:6;
. flnert residence site In the city; un-
surpassed marine view.
$13,600— Fine lot on 11th st., near Folsom; 50x
200; make offer.
$6.750— 50x137:0; splendid residence site; Pa-
cific Helrhts; norUi side of street
$1,500 — Splendidly located lot; CO feet front-
age:, vicinity California st~ and 2d
av«.; price -reduced for quick sale; bar-
gain."
$1,500 each. for very choice lots ¦ In Richmond
District close to main entrance Golden
Gate Park; on four car lines; nothing
better In .vicinity. .
Several large tracts at low prices In the
Richmond District Particulars upon appli-
cation. . "•"...*"
SPECK U Co., 209 Montgomery st.
Opposite Mills bldg. r .
b. GETZ. Room; 22, Chronicle Building.
"• OWNER AND DEALER.
New Biock on th* Grand Ocean Beach!!!
Graded Lots Ready to > Build on/
Quality and Prices Tell — Easy Terms! 1 1
. Superb Vlew-rCaU for Map, and Diagrams.
Richmond District— Choloe Graded". Lots!!!
Greatest Bargains Ever Offered— Easy Term*.
1250 to $800— North of th* Park Lots!! I .'-";
Opp. Kpreeksls Lake and Near Chutes— $5 mo.'
533b to $1200—^Sunst Heights Lots. $3 mo. up.
$350 to' $500— l»th ave. Boulevard Lot*. $3 mo.
$75 to $850— Ocean Height* , and Ocesjuid.
!• Lots, $5 Month.
i* ' New Block in th* Excelsior Homestead! 1 1
$150 — Splendid Level ; Lets— Just Think of It
, G«t t Home on Easy Terms — City Watsr."
$75 to $100— Oc-«an View Level Lota, $5 mo.
$1000 to $6000— Cottages and Houses on Terras.
Call at my office. Room 22, Second floor
Chronicle Building.
PINE, nr.* Taylor; '8 flats.. T rooms, bath «ach
$5000 — Wall«r-st residence, ' 8 ' rooms. - bath
$3600 — Cor. on Church st; store and flat-
part* of lot vacant; : ready to build on.
$3500r-Church ct; 8 flats, 8-3-6 rooms.
.•$1700— 30th st,- nr/. Church; '60x114; snap
Waller-st lot; 55x85^ . ..;¦
PATTERSON, ; Examiner . bldg.,' room ; 202." .*
DO" YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY? •
Buy a lot .In the city cf - Richmond,'- lust
¦ across : the "bay. • where , the . Standard , Oil
Companv; 'Santa F» Railroad and other bi»
.." corporations are spending million* of dollars.
V'LOTS'ONLY $5 PER MONTH. "
'" C*fl for maps, free. *.. .
' Vtlchmond Land Company. Crock*r Mdg. B.F.
' ' '- J i ¦ ' " ¦¦ ¦-.- -¦"•"* .- • :. - - ¦ ""¦
WHO WANTS - THIS BARGAIN! !!
Ccry ebttage^of J 8 \roomi" and lot "28x120^
:¦•-- -. Only. $800.- Terms. «ameaj 4 rent ' i
1829. Tenth ave. . . .:.......'. ;; .Sunset District
B. : GETZ. ; room 22.':. Chronicle bldg.
* 160 Sn N 5! V V cotUl f e ' 4'r:&b.:808 China; terms.
• $1300— Cottagt ; 5 rooms; 8660 Folsom - st.
$220(h-10-rm. Ijouse ; • 80S Bennlngton; • terms.
$1000— Corner, lot: Sanchez . & ' Palmer- terms'
. ; '. P.- COFFIN; 2628 Mission : *t;*near 21s?
¦: WHY NOT' BUILD' ' . "
• on \ that vican£ ; lot ¦ of - yours T . w« loan full
cost ¦ of ' Improvements and ; part - lot ¦¦ at 6 per
cent: - plans furnished; If -' desired. See us.
","<* MANHATTAN t LOAN CO./ Crocker bldg:,-,
FLAT8vfor7*ale-^One -6rrooms-*ahd. 0 robms*
..aleo two-story house.- 1 6 Jroonw.r Cor.. San
,-¦ ». Carlos and 18th;st,;87 San Carlos. >;.-;: '
I COTTAGE "with all .•. modern improvements;
¦ ;, terms, same as rent. .Apply, owner, , lumber
' ' yard, corner Army ' and - Condon ', eU : .
beaii: rsTATE— crrr—ros- bams. •;
BOARDMAN, BROTHERS & CO..
. ". . Real Estate Agents,
"';'."- 13S "MonUrorcery st
. CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
I $45.000 — Western {Addition investment;, twelve
j;-^ ' - handsome modern Hats. 4 and 3 rooms;
t 'all rented; S45<,U yearly.'
{ $30.000 — A' Western Addition. NW. corner: ela- ¦
! gant and: modern flats; $3000 a year.' -
$30,000— Stxth-st. ' corner; . large . lot • and . good
improvements; 'stores and flats; pays
little over. 6 p*r cent; this Is- an oppor-
tunity to make a good buy on .one of
» : the best :streets tn the city. ..:
$20,000^ — Flllmore-sf. buatnes* , property; good
Improvements ;rf stores ; ana flats: 8150U
a -year;- one 01 the safest Investments
on the market v '.-"'.
$17,500— Harrison-st. corner: large lot: fair
• Improvement*;, all rented: $1895 a
' year; pays 0 per cent net.
$16,000 — Webeter-it flats; new and finely fln-
. . ls-hed; flC5O ayear. . - ¦-
$14,0UC — Cloee to main entrance to Golden Gate
• Park; four - modern flats' of S .and «
rooms'; pay $13»0'a year 'and. always
rented:; largo lot; .sun In every room.
$12,000— Close to Market at; three handsome
modern flats; $1350 a year; nearly 10
per cent net ¦ ¦ <
$10,000 — Mission NW. comer; store and flats;
. rents $0o0,a year; very good improve-
ments. ' r^'^ «%.-,•'?•
S3.CCP— Close to Golden Gate Park ; two . very
, , attractive inodern flats; $900 a year.
v $4 COO— Oood Western Addition investment;
key lot; 37:«xl2O; two frontages; rent
1+ •' $-10; 'pays 10 p«r cent net.
$5 000^ — Twenty-second st. nr. ; Guerrero; foui
good flats; rents $51 per month.
- $3 C50 — Natoma-st. flats; -In good- condition.
brick foundation; paying S4C0 a year.'
$17,500— Vallejo Et; handsome residence of 11
rooms; grand marine view.
8S 0O0 — Presidio -Heights: thoroughly modem
and attractive S-rootn house. •
$4, COO Mission home of 6 rooms; modern
plumbing; - beautiful garden and fine
view; before buylBSr, look at this.
$3,500-^ohnson ave., close to Point Lobos;
flne two-story house of 7 rooms. ,
$3.0CO— McAllister st, nr. Golden Gate Park;
very pretty modern cottage.
$2.500— Fine Mli-sion cottage, near Castro-st
" car line: 6 rooms and bath; lot 26x114.
$1.850 — 50-foot lot and cottage; north sld*
23th st. ; a bargain for home seeker. ¦
$12,000— Magnificent marine view. lot. la **»"•*
sldlo Heights: wide view; cannot b«
cut off; choicest neighborhood: 40x110:
or can sell 80 feet for $23,000.
$5,500 — Near Guerrero and 23d: 5Sxll4: snap.
$5,000— Presidio Heights lot; running to Pre-
sidio wall; magnificent* view; nothing
In the market better than this. ¦
$2,200— Mission snap; 40-foot lot. nr. 17th st.
$750— Lake-st lots: values rapidly- rising.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS & CO..
• ¦- 133 Montgomery st ' ¦
HOAG & LANSDALE,,.
. - 108 Montgomery »t
Just about finished; two beautiful home* on
corner lot overlooking the park; each
house has 50 feet frontage; 8 large rooms;
servants'- room, and basement; nothing
like them In the city; car line passes; su-
perb view; up to date in every way; built
-- by day labor. Price, $8000 to $S300.
See Fifth and Sixth aves.. against the Presidio
wall;"gradlng Is done and bitumen street
work being completed; no flats. Secure
your choice in this beautiful property.
Cheap — Mission cottage, on Bryant ave., near
'•* 24th st; 6 rooms; lot 26x100; only $1S5O.
$2300— Hill at; 4-room cottage; lot 25x114.
Rents $S»; price $7500; pays 14 per cent; cor-
ner lot, south of Market St.; 45 feet front- ,
age; a great bargain.
PINE, NEAR POWELL.
Four new flats renting for $1S3 per month; a
' good, safe Investment; price $22,500.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
Northeast corner on Minna st. ; lot 23x90 feet;
store and flats; rents $52 per month; price
$CO0O.
FINE MARINE VIEW.
Lot on ' Broadway, near Baker st; size 35.x
.137:6; price $S730. - - ¦
1 Send for our list of lots In all parts of the
city. .
HOAG & LANSDALE,
lOS Montgomery ' st. ' .
VOX RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
> 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
$150,000— Corner . on ' Sutter. near Leaven-
• worth, having three frontages; improve-
ments consist of modern brick building with
stores, and apartment-house above, renting
for $1175 per month.
$15,000—30x100; Polk, near Washington: In the
best section of this rapidly, growing business
. street. - ,
$f000— 27:6x100; Stelner. near Union; three
modern flats, renting for $80 per month.
$3750— 30x117:6 to rear street: Valencia, near
25th; close to the depot of the S. P. R. R.;
best business locality In the Mission.
Pine, npar Franklin; thre* new fiats of 7, S
and 11 rooms, renting for $160- per month;
can be purchased at a. bargain. ~ - "
$25,000 — Six new Unlcn-st. flats of 6 room* and
- bath each, renting for $26SS per annum. . ~.
$2S,5GC-~113 feet on Market st running through
to Church ; the very cheapest buy In this
locality; sui table for store or flats.
Two modern marine view flat*. Just completed;
rents $82 50 per month; must be sold at once.
|7000 — 25x100; Twenty-fourth st.. bet Mission
and Capp; store and flat, renting for $63 per
month.
$7000—72x107 feet. cor. 11th and Lake: will
subdivide; one of the most desirable corners
on Presidio Heights.
$30,000 — 10:9x137:6; north line of Bush ct.
near Mason; Improvements consist of a
" lodging-house renting for $130 per month.
$12,000—57:6x60 to rear street; cor. Union and
Mason; Improvements store and: flats renting
for $39 50. c . ._.
$8500—50x122:6; Treat ave., near Twentieth
-st; six 4-room. flat* renting for $75 per mo.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO., ••
211 Montgomery at
$30.000—- ¦ — — — -
' Cash, balance at 6 per cent; store- and 3 up-
per floors; 1 block from Union square; pay*
8 per cent net.
$33,000-— _ _ ¦
Grand corner: best , part of Fillmors* st: 3
stories; all old tenants; rented low at $201
a month.
¦ ' RESIDENCE- PROPERTY. '
$7175 ." ¦ : - - -¦ - - •
Only $1000 rash, bnlar.ee $30 a month; Brod-
erlck st, near Clay.
$7500- — — ; ;-,v
Close to Sutter and Gough; 8 rooms and
bath. x
FLATS!- FLATS! x
53750 \
2 new flats; 1 block, from Golden Gats
Park ; rent 1 $47 50 a month. \
*2800 : .
Rent $26 a month; near Harrison st.
PATS OVER, 12 PER CENT.
54750
Rent $40 a month; close to 6th st
A FEW 0>OD* INVESTMENTS.
$3000 ..^UUijMIMUUnUL
Rent $30: Frf»Jom st. near 18th.
$7000— Corner. 18th and Church; lot 73x104.
$53.000 .--j&imsvMiBfiir&gmBi
Rent $400; 23 apartments; close- to Hydest
52500 — Rent $25; 2234 Greenwich st., corner
. Stelner; . 2 flne flats, r 4-5 rooms;, see -this;
• terms: to suttf •
55500— . JSpisPPH
Rent ?21? Lombard st, near Folk.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. ..» . .
. ' - . . 211 Montgomery st.
HAWKS & SKELTON. ¦ '-
Rents Collected and " Entire .Charge Taken of
¦;¦.'*-' Property. -. -
$12,500 — Three new flats near Halght and Aah-
» bury;. modern every way; C rooms each;
.mortgage $C0CO at 6. per cent can ¦ re-
main; rents $1200. " %1jN0HHPbb1P
$10,fXM) — North . side - Jackson, near Buchanan:
¦ good house of 8 rooms and 2 bath*; lot
- " 33x117. to rear street.
$8,500 — North side of - Vallejo, near - Polk;
good. house of ,10 rooms; -cost $12,000 to
build; mar be altered. to fiats profitably;
very One view, of bay; lot 43x170.
$13,500 — Fine Chouse; Leavenworth. near* Clay
¦S rooms and bath; laundry in basement*
builrting' In first-class condition; view of
"/Golden Gate from rear. . ¦
$IS,OCO— Lot " on .Larkln. between Chestnut and
Frandcco:.; 55x137:6; fine view of bay
assured forever. - ¦
$8.000— NE. corner of- Larkln' and Lombard-
29:4x110; has superb view of bay; street
.work" all ' done; .neighborhood . growing
: $5,400— Inside : lots ad joining above; 27x110-
¦; v.. Hyde-ef cars " clo** ; by. ,jy
$7. CCO— Lot SW. corner . Larkln and Lombard :
25x106 ; flne .view . of ', Golden Gate from
side and rear.
HAWKS A SKELTOM. 323 . Montgomery st
LOTS,' 25x120. 'on 41st ave.. near K st. on $10
V monthly. payments;. no taxes, no Interest; the
¦; only Installment lots in this location; close to
G;>-G.\ Park and ocean boulevard. C F
: MOORE, . 927 « Market . st.', room SC9 . '
NORTHEAST cor. for' sale— Lot 51x100' bani.
¦'- stables. : shed, '¦ corrals. *. office building • tit i»
guaranteed;: S750O; or northwest wUh sbovi
* . making 100 Xt. square.: 3 frontages, for »1«
: . 000; se« ' and ; make : offer. '- ' JUUEN BMITH
¦ „ Real EsUte TAgent. 420 Montgomery it' - .
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lc« lnclnd.d
'-anynocaUon. ;«n ;$128 per weskl 'Mutual
Rome Bulldlnc Xm»ocl»±laa. in (^..u, Kli
¦:b*eai. estate- cirg— rdatsAiB. V !
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.*'
»' ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE..:^ ..v,>
- AT i AUCTION.
at auction,
thursday, november 3, 1004.
THURSDAY. 'KOVEMBER 3. l»0i.
AT OUR OFFICE AND SALESROOM^ " j
; - *v • 25 Poit it., at 12 o'clock-noon.
BY ORDER OF WILLIAM J. DlNGEE," ESQ.
Administrator of . the Estate * of .
ALVINZA HA YAVARD. dfeceaeed. .
3S BOULEVARD LOTS CS
3S BOULEVARD LOTS . SS
'3S BOULEVARD LOTS 3S .
r : i "'¦^ r ¦ ' 11'
1 it. "»* . in in in 1 /•<• ,i r~^
; ft < * "^v v
-¦'•' ;l : -r-r§
g- • "* '¦- v ¦¦¦¦<; •<>
* S ; *•*¦•¦ «c . s . . .•
¦ * * ~ h ' s"S
g '. ' >y ¦: ,j $
a • fa . j II I ¦•? ¦¦¦.•¦¦^
h per/TV/* isr/rsjsr.' •
f ••* It n At lt\is \ls lir Ijji I ' I
*0 ' " ' 9i
N
¦¦¦ |4 < » t, * (« N n| )j
. h| ' h
i ¦ I — . ' ' ) ' I ' H
' I ¦ : -*
FRONTING ON .
LOMBARD-STREET BOULEVARD,
GREENWICH STREET.
' OCTAVIA STREET,
LA'GUNA STREET.
LOTS ALL LEVEL AND READY
TO BUILD ON AT ONCE.
SUITABLE FOR HOMES.
FLATS OR STORES.
STREETS AND CROSSINGS ALL
BITUMINIZED EXCEPT GREENWICH
STREET. WHICH IS MACADAMIZED.
TERMS CASH OR 50 PER CENT OF THE
PURCHASE PRICE WILL BE
ADVANCED BY THI! H1BKRNIA ,
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY.
CERTIFICATE OF TITLE AT THE-
NOMINAL COST OF $10 PER LOT.
FILLMORE ST. AND UNION ST. CARS
COJfVENIENT TO THIS PROPERTY.
THESE ARE THE LOTS YOU HAVE BEEN
LOOKING FOR.
DON'T MISS THE SALE
THURSDAY.
NOVEMBER 8. 1904.- AT
12 O'CLOCK NOON-'.
. . ¦ AT 25 POST ST.
FURTHER PARTICULARS OF
BALDWIN & HOWELL, ,
; AUCTIONEERS. .,
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Real Estate Agents.
JACKSON ST.
~g ¦ 100 , I
Z. $S500 ¦ ¦ •
g $34C0 , ;
t n .' sm ¦
H T. . $3550
< a£l — , — _
g U . '.:$3coo
¦.£.0 ¦-¦•»-- -• .- $3400 ¦ ¦ ..' - ; •. £ '.'¦''"'
. ; ' ' ' m . '"• ' '* .$8500'" ' '."V> : ¦ .- i
"-. 100 ¦ :.: ,.; '-"_¦ . ." _
WASHINGTON STREET.
Exceptional .home lots, ¦ , . '
Swell frontages " ; '
No flats .allowed.
Unsurpassed neighborhood, .. . . \
Fronting the "Home Residence Park,"
Now ¦ being laid out ; , -
$150,000 to be expended.
Two fine corner lots. ¦
. Five crackerjack inside lote.
Cheap bulldlne lots. Best in tu'wn
for the money. Where can you get a lot
for $1500? Street work r all done.'
- ' Bltumlnlxed: Right In the heart ot town.
Near two car lines. Right-on the '
boulevard. Cheap flats would rent .
like hot' cakes on these lot*.' '
Come to our auction at noon, Thursday;
November 3, 1904. We ' are . going to sell
88 choice lots at your figures. Lombard,
v Greenwich. Octavla and La guna streets. :
This Is a part of- the fine real estate '. '
holdings of ' the late millionaire : .
Alvinza Hay ward. Don't miss this, all ye .
-who have been 'looking for a cheap building
lot ¦ ¦
Enough said.
Executrix sale at auction same day, Thursday,
Novenlber 8. 1904. Fof the estate of Ellen
Oooney.- deceased, .we will sell to the high-
est bidder. ¦ subject . to < the confirmation . by
' Superior Court the 2-story bay-window ' res-
idence on the west side of Scott' street a
few steps from the' Halght street cars; house
No. 109.. See this to-day. Lot 27x110. Fine
$7,250 — Must be aold for absent owner; splen-
did' lot for sa' residence,. "51x127:8^4:
Jackson st.' near .Central ave.; see this
f lor a flne buildlne stte^" "' ¦• " •
$11,000— Rents $800 per annual; lot 27:6x137:6."
on Sacramento st; store on ground floor,
laundry and stable in rear, flat 'above of
; 12 rccms and , bath. ' • r :
TO CLOSE, AN ESTATE. '
Marine view cottacre on . north' Bids of Filbert
- St.; lot ,26x137:6; five rooms; close to
Hyde st. cars; right on the crown of the
hill. :'*¦¦}
PACIFIC : AVE.NUE , RESIDENCE.
$16,000 — Two-story, '.basement :and 'attic* resi-
dence of • twelve '. rooms and bath;, high,
' rightly elevation; excellent ..neighbor-
- • hood." ¦ •
INVESTIGATE AT. ONCE. • \
FOR BALD. •.
INVESTMENT.
v ; . NEW ; BUILDING. ; '
St««i.,and; Brick.
Located In the Banking Center. .
¦';', P»,rtlcular»'at(offlc«.ti ;
'• ,. .. " "^3T, ; -
A. J. RICH > CO., , ,.
,'. 112 Montgomery, st :
$2600 :: -NEW . cottage/ 5 :"rooms; \ bath; all mod-'
ern Improvement*; concrete '¦ foundation ; : Bra:"
. zil, ¦' near . China : ave. ; .. open -. for 4 inspection •
: , $1600— New * cottage. 4 '£ rooms,-; bath ; ' Chins'
' . ive.,< 1 r block ¦ from ¦ Mission St. * Apply J h
> ¦¦: KKUSE;i 23A j Bhotwell ;. st. ~ ;;.-¦ {* \^- :: > -';
OCEANSIDE 'cottaJBe^a 1 bargain Fneat. V4 -room
; cottage on 48th ' ave; ; : lot 25x114; , $1800; } $100
cash, balance- like rent W':-> .' ,; «. -.*•
301 • Calif ornia' Bt,- San ' Franctsco.V Cal.',- J ,THE jSAN FRANGISCOvGALL,^Sl^NDAY; t 1OCTOB]3R l :;30;i^90^.
41
EKKKLEY H C AL" -
.,«„ A : FE Wt OF CoUR
51000 — t-room cottage, 1 block from cars.
JjiilUO— 5-rooni house' on Iof40xl20.. ¦ -
7-room, hot »3 on lot 59x92.*.., ••-,
?-rCO Each-^-T wot extra well, built houses near
¦ ; easy ; terms ; if desired.- ¦- .... . ' :',
*-«50— A*, very.- '.nice** house -off five rooms on
••>£.« GOx^O^near Ashby; $130 down. "
?-JOCO buys a beautiful C-room house with nice
*^' a i? 1 '^ lower8 ' T etc - 5 45*1CO ft lot; : terms.
Nice- new C-room, house within 2 blocks
«1°. nJ^. keleiP -Station..;. -.- T ::;¦»:->
vV^T - N1 p fi ¦"-room huuee on Walnut st., three
blocks from Berkeley station.-, "
54gou-corr.fr- house of Siven rooms; almost
;5 tw ; beautiful .view. . .
?4o00— <lne-of the best 8-room houses in Berke-
. ley;^ now and -.styllah.
Lots for sale on every street In Berkeley.
Houses. fcr sale on easiest kind of terms.
n et '." s . fflVfc >"°" a Bood rate on Insurance.
\\ e build . you a houses we collect your rent.
r i: NEWTON & NEEDHAM, •
., ¦ .' 2123 Center St., - Berkeley.*- ¦-..
NEW cottage. 5 rooms and bath, pantry, ch!na
closet, city water; lot' 50x100; only one block
" to; electric cars r 3 blockg to station; price
$l«»00; terms «150 cash, balance $18 monthly.
• O. A. . RUDOLPH,
' - - Ixi rin . Station,; South - Berkeley. .
Open Sundays.
BIG bargain— S-room house, almost new. bath,
pantry, city water, gas and electric lights;
lot 40x130; only 1 blocks to Key route sta-
. tion; price $2300;" terms $150 cash, balance
?2i> monthly;' good /location.
- ::¦.'•*, - .O. A. RUDOLPH.
-•.' Lorin" Station, South Berkeley.
Open Sundays. ; " ¦' — .
SNAP— C-room cottage,- almost new; lot 30x
110; price $1250; tsrms $150 cash, balance
$14 monthly; close to station and stores.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
, '•: Lorin . Station, South Berkeley.
Open " Sundays. . . ¦ - -.-; .-.¦...
CHENEY . & CO.. -
. BUY. SELL AND EXCHANGE.
A SPECIALTY OF- INSTALLMENT- HOMES.
C-room artistic house; lot 50x130; Just flnish-
*n«. ' . .'.',-•
' A snap"; -east of 'Telegraph ave.; 100x120;'
$2000; see this. -- . ... . ¦ ! . v
S $800— Another. snap: 40x260; en Dwight way.
running through to Blake st.. on McGee.
Cheap lots In West Berkeley and other loca-
tions on installments; . small payments, j
FACTORY SITES IN WEST. BERKELEY.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY IN . PERAX.TA
. PARIC, .
CHENEY .&; CO., . temporary quarters at
room 12. University Savings Bank building.
. 1 f
:I^-,' A FEW BARGAINS.
• 20, . 40 or 00 acres fine fruit .and vegetable
land - near San . Pablo, . convenient . to station
and water front and suitable for factory sites,
$350 to $400 per acre." .
A lovely home; in 'the Hlllegass Tract."
¦ ' New •¦; 8-i oom - house in ¦ Berry-Bangs Tract
very cheap. . - ;-." ."""-." • ' '*• .
Handsome "new 8-room residence in' North
Berkeley; .splendid view. '.-,";. ¦¦•>'.
- Nice 3-room cottage,' bath and pantry; only
$1300; street work'pald; easy terms. • •
Full-sized lot,' dose in, street work paid,
oi.ly. $375; -easy tsrms. '--*¦." ¦>'-; '•
: New. Jj-room j house, . which .will rent for 12
or 13 per cent; flne. investment. - *<
LYMAN ALLEN.
¦. ,- - ' 2120., Center, st.," .Berkeley.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. •" .
$2700— New C-room ' house; In -One location;
street work, sidewalk and fences all in;
this is a snay. '..* . " ' ( .
$3r»0O— C-room house, nicely' tinted walls, good
hardware, electric lights, fuel gas; every-
thing about' It Is complete; a bargain. - >
Are you. interested In lots? If so, we have a
..corner on macadamized street- for $C75; in-
N side lots, for $450; 'Street work done; others
. * for from $C50 to $-"{000; fine locations; we
have many bargains ¦ In houses and . lots
ranging- from $2000 upward; please - give
us a call and be convinced. '
- F. H.-; LAWTON & CO..
'.. Phone Derby -1102. ' 2147 Center st. .
{3C00— NEW / G-room. house, near Santa Fe
station; street and yard work all. complete. ¦
$3200 — Choice C-room cottage; large rooms; lot
j 40x135;- on Oxford ¦ st^. .between Rose and
Vine; for sale. on easy terms. .-"¦
Large 13-room .house, furnished,: within . one
> block of the university, grounds, for rent
. at $80 per month. i : - '
Two . nsw ¦ C-room houses on Dana St., near'
• Dwight, at a bargain.
Lots for sale in the Berry-Bangs Tract, Hop-
kins Terrace and Hateman Tract. v
R. A. BERRY & CO., Postofflce block.-
¦^ '..''•- . • , Berkeley.
BERKELEY'S choicest bargain In the way of
"a home " consists . of . a - 10-room 2-story and
"basement dwelling, 4 ' large well-improved
lots. , with 3 ' frontages, barn. -orchard and
other minor impiwements; 3 .blocks to Key
route and S. F. depot, . 1 block to electric !
street cars; the price asked is'$<5000; terms;
are very reasonable. ¦ $900 cash takes it, bal*
ance on easy payments. : This place is clear '¦
and- will stand a mortgage of $3000. Don't
miss this offer: -Copy. the address before you
¦ turn over the 1 - page and come over ' to-day.
. Owner, -1090 Stuart St., Ashby station,
Berkeley, , Cal. ¦ .
ALBEE & CORYELL,
. Real Estate and Insurance. . -
$3150 — G.room house; west frontage; good lo-
- cation; must be sold by November 1; a snap.
$3250 buys a nice 6-room house; new; leased
1 by year: pays 0. per cent net. .
Splendid business properties paying', from 7 6
¦per cent-net'up. - -| ,
-..NICE HOMES ON EASY PAYMENTS. ' :
Some.flne building lots, $200 cash. , balance
$20 a month; prices f rom ' $900 up.' •
Houses for rent, rents : collected, money to
loan."' . ' . . ¦¦
ALBEE & CORYELL. 2130 .Center st.
A. FEW OE OUR BARGAINS,
$1500 — A* . flne home - of ¦ 10 large rooms; large
lot; : fully lmprovrd: centrally located. •
$3750— A 'good, investment: new home of ¦ 7
rooms;- large lot, fully Improved; rented
for . $33 50 clear.
$3650— Another rented for $30 clear.
$0500— A 10-room house with barn; on Euclid
ave.. near U. C; leased to good party for
$50 a month.
\ W. J.'jIOKTlMER & CO.
, 21S:{ Center . St.. ; Berkeley.
$2100— $200 CASH, balance $20 per month, in-
cluding iqterest; 5 large rooms, flne mantel,
stationary tubs, high bafe-ment; 2 blocks vy2
sunny side of ; street: cement" walks;
street work all done. '
..•jvj).j«--. .'.:,-.:
Want to exchange fine piece. r of property In
Castro Valley for "Berkeley residence of 7 or
8 , rooms and ¦ all . modern Improvements.
¦"¦•*¦•: W. C. MORAN,
s (Lorin) : South Berkeley. -'.
$700— A GOOD corner lot. 45x135; 1 block from
_ Telegraph avo., : ;, . . . ' -¦•*- ¦¦
¦ ?7W>r-Jx)t :i5xl2(>. on Telegraph avo.
; ; $10CO— I^ot :4Uxi:tH. on Telegraph ave. -' ---'
$13O<>— Fine comer. 46x125, on car line, close
i . • :• tr> ¦ station: all on evs v ¦ terms. ¦'
LITTLE & '- WOOI.SEY. ¦ 2110 Shattuck . ave.,
• ,v . : I BERKELEY. Cal. „-
•NEW S-room shingled house, gas and electric
fixtures," . situated > on ' Shattuck ave., 3 b'oi'ks
from station; worth $.«KX). will sell for S25C0:
; owner . obliged ,.to -,• leave • the ; State. . .. Snvarai
rnnch"i properties ; for sale* or . exchange. •
v.MILLS,r-tHB. .real estate man, 2127 Shat-
• , : . tuck : ave.-..;/ :-' • - ¦..¦ ' . .r - '
MODERN :, houso, - 6 rooms : and barn: . " two '
; blocks 5 from :• station. , GEORGE ¦ IIUNRICK,
:"i opp.. Berkeley -station. ', " :¦ /. , ' / ¦ ._ :
7-R.", house; lot 50x135; "gas: garden, fruit tree*;
.". : nr.i Lorin r st. ; ¦': terms • easy. " 1C27 . ' Falrvlew.
z ;: BEBgETjEY H0UGE8 TO 1X2T. '< • '¦;
FOR J rent— Iii'i desirable ; resldmce ', section of
• Berkeley,-} house ' of 0 rooma.' pcrcelain bath,
-storeroom: stable ami chicken-house; 3 blocks
, .from Uerryman: station. 5 blocks from Berke-
.'•' :>ley tnU'O'from. entrance -to ' ; university: 2W25
/• Virginia ;>t.;' between ; Shattuck and Mil via;
. , ne-vly; painted ap-l ! papered\throughout:;rcnt
$3"»; .will, not -be rented -to ; tenants who let
' '¦•- houstkteptns rcoms. .Apply 28 ' Mont«om«r>"
• St.; 'room's,- San* Francisco, ; or -LITTLE &
WOOLSEY. -J110 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley. ..
II. V BARKMEYER.' 1200 ', Fruitvale r ave.. Frult-
t : .;! ¦ . :¦¦- vale. .Cal. j*.Tel.t Brook 1721. •
;$!jCO^-Reduced'.from $1100: cottage' of h_robms
and- closets; -lot .75x250; all-fenced; good'
• >, ; j,'i ¦well * and ; pump; 'terms JlOO* cash,", balance
: $10|per; i month;.-4' blocks' from car line;
- . convenient - ; to ; school. -;•;:-.' ., .- . -
.$t»00^-Plaln •houir^of.S^rooms; large«lot. '50x
"-; 265;; extra- good 1 well "and- pump; 2 blocks
' from * en r< line? and '10 .•-minutes" ' walk ' to
'.'i-A- local, train: .terms.'lf, "desired."'. • -i ¦¦
$130Or— New cozy; cottager or 4 rooms and : bath -
¦< ;':¦'!•?: porcelain : tub; >* electric -lights -:and" gas;
sewer-tend' city 1 water; V one i block from
.-'-,- school and elettrlc. car. line; S short blocks
¦c from local train; terms $300 cash.'. balance
•'¦ ¦¦¦"'-Jlike'rent.'-;-: .¦r'.^'.rXv" •¦ ¦:-':<:' i-S
$1650— Handeome cottage : Of 41rooms and bath.
¦' ".closets, •*¦ pantry.-p gas.", high "basement; lot
. .37:0x100;? email -barn and chicken house
: "¦> flowers and fruif trees In bearing; 3 blocks
<. r - : i from ' Frultvalel station.'?-.", •'• ¦/ : -:-:•¦. • ¦ - -
$3C0tV-New.*, modern] 2-story: housei of, 0 robins ;
bath :' all s" the v: latest Z improvemenU; " lot
;. HOx^Sjvihlghrelevatlon^thls place; must
,. -Vbe seen'tobe appreciated.' ". For particulars
¦:"'. : i;'applj-.to ..,'¦•- -.-.* "';• -•¦ ¦ ' :•*'• ¦". ¦ ¦ • ¦
' --H;!:; BARKMEYER.%,1206 ?. Fruitvale "ave
¦ •Fruitvale."* CaL T ' : * - ¦ .
OAKLAND ADTERT > S > M > Ta
: "OFFICE, 1010 BROADWAY. '¦.
OAgTiAWI) KEAX ESTATE.
TAYLOR BROS.'* CO-. ,
REAL ESTATE. INSURANCE AND FINAN-
CIAL AGENTS.
TELEPHONE CEDAR 351.
1230 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAU . »
A DANDY NEW MODERN HO3CS. '
$37S0 — Buys this beautiful colonial" home, with
7 large sunny rooms, larga halls and,
closets; most excellent view; lot U ter-
raced and facing southeast; one block
from new 4th-ave. Key route, only 40
minutes' time to San Francisco and nv»
minutes from Broadway, Oakland; sur-
rounded by every desirable condition.
. HOME SACRIFICED.
$4500— Seven* rooms, hallways, large closets,
fine bathroom; on 27th st.. near Tele-
- graph; is finished In selected natural
curly gmin, highly polished: every possi-
ble modern convenience; owner Is a non-
resident and - Insists - on an offer twin*
made: we invite inspection and no reason,
able offer will be turned down. 1813
GENUINE INVESTMENT.
$11.0C0 — Buys 125 feet on Madison st.. a corner. ¦
with on* of the best 12-roora houses In
Oakland; 75 feet frontaga on the corner
. can be disposed of without Injuring th«
residence, and we would,, add' that this
* building alone cost $14,000 and Is In ex-
cellent condition: the ground should brtnc
net less than $1CO per front foot, which
represents a value of $28,500; does thla
not appeal to you as a bargain? ff«
know that It Is. and have only a f«w
day* In which to deliver it at this price.
Our office always - open from 10 to 13
a. m. Sundays.
Yours for business.
- TAYLOR BROS."* CO. '
A. J. SJfYDER, /
REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER.
487 Ninth st.
$U00 — Eart side Grove, north of 32d; splendid
homa of 7 rooms and bath.
$17S0 — Thirty-first St.. between Telegraph av«.
and Grove -st.; 7 rooms and bath, recep-
tion hall, etc.; lot 40x140; Just being com-
pleted; see this at once. <
$2500 — Cottage homa in splendid condition;
terms can be secured If desired.
A WEST-STREET COTTAGE. *
$2230— Lot 28x140; cottage of S rooms and bath.
TELEGRAPH-AVENUE PROPERTY.
2Sxl 18; price $37C0; house of 8 rooms and bath.
EIGHTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$200 :»r foot — We have secured, after much
effort, an option on the -piece of prop-
erty on Eighth st. at $1*00 per foot; this
is the cheapest downtown property to b*
r had; see this at once.
$ISOO— N. W. corner, suitable for flats; lot
SOxSO; rizht in town.
N. 22th it; lot 62x100; $32 60 per foot.
3 lots left on the north side of 30th st. at
$32 SO per foot: 35x140. . *
A. J. SNYDER. SRV|
REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALEJt.
467 Ninth st.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
IOCS BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$15C0— Here Is your opportunity for a nice
little home in a most select locality; a
fine little cottage of 5 rooms; only 1 -
block from Key Route cars; sewers; mac-
adamized street; city 'water: everything
complete and only one. fare to San Fran-
cisco.
$2200 — A new cottage, sltnats on Piedmont
hills, on slightly elevated lot; sunny tide
; of street; 5 large rooms ; large lot; near
Key Route; latest improvements, and is a
pick-up at this price. .
$3730 — Chance to gat a grand home at a. bar-
gala; H rooms, modern; cement basement;
> • driveway, etc.; right near car line; this
house is well built on elevated lot; sun-
ny side of street; owner .is In the north
and must dispose of this property; chance
to ret a snap.
E. J. STEWART A CO.. . •
IOCS BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
FRANK P. LEE.
Olf BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
Bargain — '1 fine tots In Fruitvale. 23x100 each,
- 3 blocks from Fruitvale ave.; price (for
the two). $4CO.
$2300 — $80O cash— i-2-story corner bouse, almost
new; A rooms and bath; Chestnut st. ;
' worth ?30C0.
f'CO buys 2 lots In South Berkeley; 90x100 ft.;
stieet wort 'done."
$2150 buys a 2-story house; 8 rooms and bath;
lot 40x100: In East Oakland.
$2700 — Fine cottage; 3 rooms and bath; Just
- . completed; near Piedmont baths.
For rent — Best location In Oakland for' a del- ',
, lcacy store. For Information call at this
office. x
FOR QUICK RETURNS LIST YOUB PROP- "
ErtTY. BOTH FOR SALE AND TO RSNT.
WITH * ¦¦
CHAS. C. HULBERT.
Successor to FRANK P. LEE. >
911 Broadway, Oakland.
THE prettiest bungalow you ever saw; two
blocks from Key Route ' station at 40th and
Grove sts. : situate on Apgar st. ; pretty,
new neighborhood; bouse never occupied;
complete In every detail; easy plan or pa>-
ments.
Modern, colonial home; $3500; mortgage.
$1000; will trade equity for Realty Syndicate
certificates. - '
LONDA VISTA — Marine view; new and ar-
tistic; -7 rooms; tiled bathroom: dining-room
raneled In curly redwood; living-room, with
massive fireplace, paneled all over with curly
redwood; billiard- room; remember, walking
distance of Key Route train that runs direct
to mole; Just as advertised; a sacrifice ; not
built to sell; price 14230.
The real estate and buildings owned by th* Pa-
cific • Press Publishing Company, fronting
11th,' 12th. Castro and Brush streets, will bo
aold In subdivisions; full particulars on ap-
plication. ,
GEO. W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
6 ROOMS; modern: lot 30x100; in Piedmont:
3 blocks from Key FU>ute; fin* Neighborhood;
$lt>CO; $100 cash, balance like rent.
, Nice modern house, nearly new; near Lake
Merrltt; close to new streetcar extension,
which will enhance value; 7 roome; lot SSx
232; $3150; $200 cash, balance like rent.
0 rooms; modern; lot OOxlOO, lying htgh.
with cement retaining wall; In East Oak-
land, near new Kay Routs service; $3500; $300
cash, balance lik« rent. : ....
Mansion In East Oakland; 14 rooms); 6 lots;
suitable for sanitarium or private hospital;
JWOO^asy^erms. RusgEiXk
,301 California st.. San Francisco. CaL
OAKLAND PROPERTY FOR SALE.
$2400— Reduced from *$290O; owner and
builder -financially < embarrassed; must sell;
cottage of 3 room d, bath; all modern con- "
veniences. with 9-foot basement, constructed
to as to te made into a flat of S * rooms
more; lot. large, and sunny;: right near Key
Route station at- Fortieth, and . San Pablo:
only 27 minutes to San Francisco; terms. 330
cash, balance mortgage at low rate of In-
terest. Remember, the house is new. mod-
ern: first class. First come first served.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$.1>i.*0— REDUCED from $4500 for a quick sale;
. house is new -.-colonial; 7 room* and. bath;
open plumbing; combination gas fixtures;
paneled dining, room; In -face a -thoroughly
"substantial' up-to-date handsome residence;
lot 50x125, with,- a terraced lawn; 80-foot
street; first-class neighborhood, Tele-
graph avenue and convenient to Key Route)
station; lesa than 30 minutes to San Fran-
cisco; space too expensive to say more; to
- eee It means to buy It; terms, $300 cash: bal-
ance, mortgage.
1 J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
LOAN of $2700 at 8 per cent; flrst-clasa secur-
- | ty. If you have any amount to loan we
can put It out on good «ecurlty. ,L. A. RAL-
EIGH. 060 Broadway.
NEW 9-room house; modern: sunny side; targe
- ¦; lot : 52(1 30th st.. near Telegraph ave. E. O.
george owncr.iBRnsSnMMBstiSNMMaaSl
¦- : — ' . - """-:
PROPERTY WANTED— VACANT ANT> IM- '
PROVED. IF YOU HAVE SOMETHINO
YOU WANT TO "SELL. SEND ME FULL
BUYKR r f2 S lT k HAISMITH. '£*§
534 THIRTEENTH STREET.
- ¦ *. . - - -
$473O-^-FINE home In beautiful Linda Vista
Terrace: " n*w;' finery finished In every de-
tail: 9 rooms, etc: prle« reducM from 16000;
owner matt sell on account of mortgage. S«e
P. C. LASSEN & CO., 4«J Tenth at., Oak-
" *° n< * ¦ "¦ "' ¦ ' ¦ ' - - - "
FOR sale — $3C0ft; fine 6-room house; East Oak-
- land; 5 minutes frcm train. Box 4fi3fl, CaU.
For Additional Classified Advertise*
xnenta See Paje 43. ""
ttEArt gSTATS — CITY— rOB SAX.E.
CALIFORNIA
TTTLE INSUR.VNCE AND TRUST COMPANY
„. 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED KKOM MILI^ BUILDING TO MORU
COMMODIOUS QCAKTKHS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
FALSE IMPERSt^NATION. INVALID
POWERS OF ATTORNEY, insane grantors
and fortea deeds make the insurance poUiry
oi U»e California Title Insurance and Trust
Company a universal necessity.
PATRONS OF Til'.-: CALIFORNIA TITLE
INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY get
th» best examinations to be had. free defense
la case cf attack, the company's guarantee as
lenx as you own the land, and free service In
closing deals, all fcr «'n>- i>rcmium.
the nxi.T pa:" . .L.vxnsco title in-
SriUK<*E COMPA.W havUUK a complete lo.
calKy plant cr «f>r>' of th«> real estate records,
construr-ted for insuring resl estate
titlr* like mod-rn rlanu ef N>W Ycrk. Bsston,
Chlcaco and Caatara ritl<s; reasonable rates;
regular tru>t company buflne^s transacted un-
der ftat. charter: all mat;*™ controlled and
managed l>v \ '.<.,-¦ lollctrtnc
IJI RECTt"»rt.S AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVOUD.
Pr*«!irnt Bank of California.
CHARLES r.. }<Iai:Ol\
"" Virc-Prea. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Qf Balfour. Guthrle & Co.
HEXR.Y L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P- N. L1LIENTHAU
Manager Anrlo-Californlan Bank.
WARREN CLNET. . '
Olney & Olney. Att'js and Counselors.
CHARLES i'AUn,
T*kge. McCutchea &. Knight. Atfys
A. T. EPOTTS,
Mcr. Cal. Tlt'e Ir.s. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. EI'JilNG.
CapitaliFt, 530 California st.
$2250— SACRAMENTO st. ; lot level; all ready
for building: finest buy in the district.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery sC
$40CC— FIN1* flat? in the Mission; chance tc,
get a good bargain cheap: must be sold.
McEWISN BUGS., US Montgomery st.
POINT P^HMOND
IS THE FA3TESa"*JROWING TOWN
ON THE COAST TO-DAY.
MILLIONS BEING EXPENDED THERE.
LAND IS RAPIDLY INCREASING IN VALUE
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY A LOT THERE.
ALL LEVEL— $5 Per Month.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 23 PER WEEK.
-¦; • - NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on street
grade; close to Cne school; not far from th*
Vii£#ion-st. electric cars; secure one as an
investment - and by the time It Is paid for It
wilt have doubled In value the way prices
have advanced during the past year; buy
bow before prices become prohibitive In this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
ONE agreement of membership in Rels Tract
Let Club and lots 26 and 27. block .'{3, Rels
Tract, for sale at cost; party going East
shortly. Box 4CS6. Call office.
AMERICAN Investment and Realty Society
will furnish plans free and build fcr you
on easy terms. 554 Parrott building.
CHICKEN ranch for sale; rent reasonable.
Apply 1004 Thirtieth ave. "and G sL South.
5 ACRES cne mile from Courthouse, county
eeat. 46 miles from S. F. Box 3644. Call.
$1000—5 lota. 2T.x70. cr $250 each. 17 Roscoe.
1st to right oft^ Crescent ave.; Mtss'n-st. cars.
ir '
$25.000 — Sd-st. cor.: large frontage: good imps;
Income; great future: no agts. Box 2935, Call.
PARK lots; will take Oakland or Berkeley
lots in payment. Box 4615. Call office,
RICHMOND District let. 35th ave.. betl "a
and B stsu. $325. Box 4012. Call office.
FOUR beautiful level lots, cheap; Ocean View,
1 blx-k NE. R.R. station. Apoly 4S2 Eddy.
Ff'UR beautiful level lots, chf-ap; Ocean View,
1 b'.k NE. R.R. sta.:apply Sunday. 4S2 Eddy.
AN ft-rooci bouse for sale at 534 Polk et. : rea-
*oncbie.
NO?: rt. : »ot 57x105; $800; great snap. HALL,
S<H Taylor st-
HOUSE and lot for sale. 1SS Buena Vista
st.. city.
$75C0 — Fine residence and lot: 2022 Pine St.;
bargain. Apj.Iy F. Holtum, 517 California st.
?30Q0— 7-ROOM house; lot 25x110; Richmond
District; all modern improvements; street
graded and sewered ; this Is a bargain. J.
W. JAQITTH A. CO.. 1312 Market St.. r. 4l».
MITST sell: very cheap: 3 furaislved bouses;
R. IS and 21 rooms; will sell together or sep-
arate: all money makers. Particulars with
G. COXHADL 319 Taylor tu
FOR eala — 3 colonial houses, d rooms, bath
and hasement: beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny: east aide of Tenth,ave.. near
I rt.. Sunset. KaJleit & Oee. on premises.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL>-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 8Sfl Howard at.
SATWASDS SEAL ESTATE.
Stanton Tract— $150 to $350 per acre; from 4
to SO acre tract*.
$20 per acre. 4S0 acres — Fine 1 stock rancri.
rollins land, most of It can be farmed; fenced
and cross- fenced: plenty of wood and water: Z
email bouses ; large barns and sheds; 6 miles
from Hxyward*.
$35 per acre/ 1010 acres — Elegant stock ranch,
well watered, abundant wood: fenced and cross-
fenced; 2 large stock ¦ bams, shed*, dairy -
house, stable; 9-room house, with all modern
Improvements; 40 acres in orchard; variety of
fruit, mostly apples and cherries; 6 miles from
Haywards; this is a model stock ranch and
must be s«en to b* appreciated; rolling land.
$40 per acre, 550 acres — Another fine stock
ranch, fenced and cross-fenced; abundant wood
and w»i'r; good buildings, 4 barns, 2 milk-
house*. cheese tactory. etc; rolling land; about
6 tn'.ies from Haywards.
$20W — 80 acres; fenced and cross- fenced: 5-
roeffl house; barn; wood and water abundant;
Cne little ranch: 6 miles from Haywards; roll-
Ing- land.
$10.000 — 216 acres; first-class etock ranch:
fenced and crow-f eneed ; modern - house, large
barn; great abundance of wood and water:
small orchard: .very desirable place; 5 miles
Irom Haywaros; rolling land.
$6500— 12H acre*; crebard, variety of fruit,
but mostly cherries, apricots and prunes; abun-
dance, of water; S-room house; barn, chicken-
hou»fs and other outbuildings; 1 mile from
pcotofflc*.
$250 per acre — 4 acresr fine place for chicken
ranch: half mile frcm Haywards.
13500— H^j acres; bouse 4 rooms; fenced In 3
fields; chicken-house*, coops, etc.; pood barn,
full of hay: plenty water; 3 acres In rum trees;
half cash, balance at 7 per cent; l'i miles from
Ksy-wards. - "*
$lS00 — 5 acre*: bouse 5 rooms; barn, chicken-
bouses etc.; windmill, task, tankbouse; plenty
water: floe chicken ranch: 1% miles from
HaywarOs; $000 cash, balance at 6 per cent.
$1200—7 ceres; house 6 large rooms and pan-
try: • chicken-houses, barn, windmill and
tack; plenty wood; water running through place
year round. •
RAMAGE & STANTON, Real Estate and In-
¦ur&nce. Haywsrds. Cal. -
SAM" MATEO KEAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK— On line of Ean Mateo electrto
eara. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market su.;
cutrl<*.e the fez belt and just beyond where
the 6. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff* will Join
Use mala line: CO-foot lots from $400 up;
lenci only $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
and water pipes in front of every lot; pur»
artesian well water; 173 lets sold nines
Avgufct 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a >t 1" this desirable section; take th«
e'.ectric cars and get off at "LOMITA
-. PAHIC" acd Investigate; maps sent oa ap-
p:ic»;icn.
t-ELTJT. RODGERR A CO..
T«L Main C73. US California «t.
REMEMBER opening dav for El Cerrlto Villa
lotf is to-morrow. October 31. •,--•
HOAG & LANSDALE,
108 . Montromery tt.
. FiflTTR lanre lots In ' San Mateo, near depst
S35O each. Box *OH. Call.
. SLMHURST BXAL ESTATE. - -
ALVIN TRACT.
%¦'"•> each; Klmhuret lots: T", monthly,
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post *t_
ELMHLTllKT — For tsulc, -S-room bouse « com-
T'lwly. furni»-<M?d: lot COxlSfi, also 2 1nt» on
Mountain 'Vkw avenue. K. A; TURNER.
Klfth ave.. Klmhum. 4 blocks from car line.
TAXJOS A2TP aAHCKES~TCy~X]BASE.
Z* ACRES: house « "rojms. furnished; barn-
FlBldr: rh!<-k»n hour** : ; f r r « i Prm nT _»„ ";
fheap. . JOSEPH STRAUn. C» Market. SF.'
BEAi : ESTATE WA2TTE3. .
WANT 2 acres. : part level, . on t-lectric line
Oakland: view prefj-rred: wnd dlasram; lowl
«>« i*ic*. Box €13. Llvermore.
KiOPXRirS* •BrAHTE»T~
WE. have a- buyer : for. SCO acres good vine-
yard land." Give location and price.
Also a buyr for lCO-acr* stock- farm: mu«t
have plenty of- water: foothill land preferred.
A. R. SMITH & CO..
lil . Geary st., tv^n aa
''___ BEKgarLSY 'JBJIJLL^ZSTATS.'"- •¦ -J< ' :
T -¦ . 0
1 ¦ — ;
A— $5 PER MONTH. $.'».
' * NO MORE;. NO LESS.
Buys one .of those beautiiul Iot3ln .West
Berkeley, 5175 to $200 each. The cheapebt
property across the bay; only 50 inlnutej to
San Francisco; half hour- trains; station .on
the ground; round trip* fare loc a' day.-
' Only 150 lots ior.sale; secure one or more
at once; every lot must be sold to "close up
¦ partnership; -if you ever expect to- Invest in
a good lot. growing neighborhood, do not
miss thU chanc-i;. every one of these lots Is
worth *^5o apiece; you buy them lor $175,
with only ; $5 cash per month.
Send -for maps and full particular*,'
. J. W. LA YM ANCE,
632 Market St."; Bush 323.
AMONG THE BEST BUYS IN BERKELEY.
$1500 — House 6 rooms,- bath; well, windmill and
. tank; lot- 40x130; street work done; cash
$300 and easy Installments. - (1948.)
$2500-— New. cottage; 0, rooms, bath,- etc.; nigh
basement; electric light; lot 40x135; street
work and cement walks done; each $300,
balance like rent. .(104.1.)
$3200— Commodious . residence; 8 large rooms,
sewing-room, laundry, : 2 toilets; lot 52x
\';. ;> lOti; fine corner on Grove st., near Dwight
way station and high 'school. (1850.)
$3S00— Modern 2-story house. 7 rooms,, hall, <
bath, etc.; up-to-date throughout; finely
V located on corner on Telegraph ave. (1041.)
II. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station, South Berkeley.,
Open Sundays. , Carriage In attendance.
{3400 — NEW modern house, 7 'rooms; $10U0
cash. ¦¦/-' . - _ . . • .
$23iH>— New. bungalow,* 5 rooms; $500 cash.
?15OO— Cottage,' 6 . rooms; lot 38x150. ¦
$750 > -cash, $18 mo.
$2375-^Cottage,-5 rooms; $1400 cash," $15 mo.
. $5500 — Cottage,' 0 rooms; $2500 cash; acre of
ground ; Coliere ¦ «ve. ; ? grand vle-w. - ; .. ." < • ¦
5250O— New cottage," 5 rooms; -$30O cash.
$900— Falrvlew.' Tract, 50x130; ¦ street' work
done; fine view..'- '. - ": '_""
JOOO— Lots. 40xJ35; block fr&m Key Route;
one-fifth cash. .
. HEDEMARK & JACK CO.,
S217 Adeline St.. South Berkeley.
City orfice.'ll: Montgomery.
'.—$.•5500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware it., Berkeley; S
rooms and bath; lot 40x135; new and modern:
sunny .exposure; ¦ fine view; easy terms of
payment If desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
UEALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. One.).
1172 Broadway, corner • Fourteenth st., •-
Oakland. ''.i-\-i
i : - ' - " ¦-••'-¦-¦¦ ¦ - ¦
NICE cottage of 7 rooms, pantry, ¦ etc. ; nicely
arranged: . front and side parcn; nice lawn
and garden; barraln: departure, l'/i blocks
, from S. P. and Key Iloute station. {'¦""¦¦
$2500— Bay-window cottage," 5 rooms, pan-
try.retc.:, hardwood j finish; windmill; 50x
250; exchange. ,:-: :
$1800— Cottage of 5 rooms, etc; barn; good
well: lot 55x100: near 'station.' • ; . ¦¦•
. $1400 — House of 4 rooms; floored basement;
well, chicken-house; r.5xl. '«: near station.-
JOSEPH 6TRAUB. 630 Market st...S. F.
$2000— NICE C-room home;' best value for the
ltast money. Just think of it! A good house.
. with ' basement: ¦. lot ¦ 00x135; " pretty, garden;
south frontage; * street work- complete; ce-
ment walk; handy to all cars, including Key
Route; "this .home cost over S3O0O;.- don't
miss ¦ this ( bargain, because •¦• it is probably
Just what : you.; want, 1 especially 'It you must
be within 30 minutes of Pan Francisco. • "
C. C. EMSLIE.
Real Estate, Ashby Station.
A GREAT BARGAIN*. . FOR . IMMEDIATE
• . •... SALE.' .. -...•;-
$12."0 — Nearly new cottage, C rooms, . bath.
etc. :. lot 30x110: -small cash payment and
balance in easy; monthly Installments. H. 'D.
... IRWIN, ; Lonn\ Station," South Berkeley.
;. Open Sundays.; . .. ,. . ; .^ '
IMPROVED j and .unimproved property in , all
• parts -of Berkeley: .write us what you want
and -we will find it: for you;: lots $600 up. In-
cluding all street work; houses built on easy
• terms: estimates -furnished. . .' • '¦'.¦"
HEDEMARK & JACK CO.. 11 Montgomery st.
3217 'Adeline St., \ South Berkeley.,
$5000— BEAUTIFUL cottage. (. 0 '< rms. ; ". i^rge
~ stable; * let ". 100x135; •; ornamental .• and i fruit
trees' 1000 square feet of lawn; close to Key
route. - HEDEMARK v& • JACK CO., 3217
Adeline Ft.. So. Derkeley. City oftice., 11
Montgomery street." '
GRAND ! opportunity; c: city , and " country , life
- combined; new 7-room house, all modern im-
provements; 15 )• minutes' . walk from . North
Berkeley station;: high ground, .fine -view,
cheap. ' R.' A. BERRY & CO., -Postoffice
) block; /Berkeley.', c- - .
$150 down.^@S|^^^^^9^^^^9^^S^GSF^
- To close out my holdings in Golden Gate and
- near Ashby: station. 1 on the Key.route. I will
Bell lots and build small. homes on your own
plans for only $150 down.; '- ; ;
, i M I.: WURTS &" CO.; 1323 Broadway, op-
• ."posrte Postofflce. ' .;¦ -'.?:"¦-^ '-"¦ _-> ,-.\:-:: -'-k ':'¦.
TIIE i bestVInvestmtnt :in . Berkeley: '• $S0O lets
¦ near the • hills ; r most : beautiful > location ' and
" view of.hlllsand bny;on car llne;:$S0O each
for ¦> one * week; ¦ only % four . left. . H. \V.'iJ:
¦ SWAIN,^owner, i .2803 • Kelsey st., : Berkeley.
ONLY- $750: line > lot,? east t front, ¦ grand • marine
• view- never to 1>«: obstructed: 2 blocks from
,.' street-car and '4. blocks: from N. H. station:
ntreet -work done: charmlns ' location for a
- '. horte; ; 350 ¦ feet above sea t level, - with ; pan-'
¦ oramlc '. view : of 'bajv and: hills."- For -further
particulars . oddreia ; Owners 2230 -.Grove st., :
,^v Derkeley.^.;" ;¦ :¦;¦ --' ';. ¦.'..¦: ¦; .¦.¦";¦¦.'¦ ' '-..'... .'. . *. : : -' .: -
WRITE :to\W." R."" Ellla& Co.: for copy "of their
'.- nt-w'f. TTias i'jof Si Berkeley;^ location \ of ,U/ ; . C
" ' building*. \i- local «• stations, street scar ! < lines.
** school • houses, ~± etc. : ': reliable ~ information \ to
'<; intending '¦ buyers : ; state what ; you J want ¦ and'
we will- mall: you *, descriptions * of r the -best
nronerties on ; the ' market: Phone North U2.
- W. R. • EIJL.IS ! & ; CO.; "
.2150 Shattuck : ave. .
" . ¦=¦ v. ¦"¦•¦¦¦ . -A'lSNAP.l'." " .' '--" . "• •¦. ¦¦
•i ¦ - «¦*' *;*ffi»fra» *4smaame$fimpqm
$2500— $300 cash, - balance . $25 ? per month, ,' in-
£' eluding . interest % and 'principal;, new- 5-room
• * cottace.S one ¦ block v of -; cars,-, two ? blocks "; of
;v Kev 'Route: work: completed.
- ; ¦¦';¦' -.^ MORAN .¦'.'&,; SWAIN. •
¦- . : ; . : li Berkeley/; station. ,;.-
6 • ROOMS:": modern; i lot' 40x75';": fine • location In
« Southf Berkeley JM| blocks < from ¦'. Key : route ;
' '.$"CCO;-'$200'cash.~ balance like- rent.r 1 '-
¦ " : " Wr-Jin RUSSELL, "
.. 30l,CaIlforniast"r; San Francisco, Cal.
FOR scle-^Fine business property , at Berkeley
V f. station. -> : j^^^'^-*jgitOTisT»ifl^»gytBSSgy^?«.--^
¦ -,.-..- >¦,¦-:,,. J.'lV:iIALE. -•¦. . .:>••, -- ,¦ ¦
':; 1511; Shattuck ; ave> *y 2515 .Shattuck ave. .-
' rhone"Mai»on ; 2102.""-" j- Phone -Derby > 1022. .
ALAMEDA k DVJEBT:S>3I ? TS
ALA1ISDA EE AI. ESTATE.
HERE 13 A CHANCE TO PURCHASE ""' A
BEAUTIFUL HOME. .
ONLY $2450. '
Elegant 5-rcom : cottos* with 2 , finished
rooms in attic; lot 50s20S; rented for $24 per
month.
$2250 buys bcautitul C-rocra cottage (new);
a snap. . " . ,.; . ....
52500 buys'C-rocm cottage, : corner lot (new) ;
a Knap. '-':«."•
?18C0 buys 4-room cottage, lot 33x159.
$l>50 buys fine lot. 50x208; choice location. .
,>«CO buys corner lot. 5l>xlGl; very cheap. ¦>.
$1500 buys 5-room cuttage, lot i3xl00; muii
be sold. .
$1200 buys 4-room cottage, lot 25x145. ;
... . . ¦ — . . . - .,
Elegant homes throughout Alameda at - prlcM
ranging from K25C0 to $0500. .
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. -
Terms easy. . Terms easy.
, Get cur prices. Sac the bargains we offer.
Nothing like them.
Bstter than paying rent.
ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1500 Park St.,
Tfl. Alameda 400. . . Alameda.
"ALAMEDA v PROPERTY.
A HOUSE FOR EVERYBODY.
y . ¦¦ - . .
Thlrt;' lots from Sit) to $16 per front foot;
five minutes frcm Fifth-st. station; $50 down,
balance easy terms. '¦ . .
Uor;»s frcm tlOOO ui>. on terms; must be
eeen to be appreciated.
FOR EXCHANGE.
A fine 7-room house, modern, for Ean Fran-
cisco jiroiKirty. ¦ • ; .
FOR SALE. "
Modern o-room cottage; lot o5xl32; between
stations on narrow and \brcad\ gauge; $2100;
only one-fifth ca^h. balance on terms. _¦
New 5-rocm ccttage; lot 87x100; fine garden;
Cior.o; cnt-flfth ca^h. balance on terms
— — ¦¦ ¦ % --/¦.
One-stcry and basement cottage; upper flat
revs investment. . ' ¦ ./ -
A. It. DENKE. 1400 Webster st.', Alameda, 1
4 or '
C. A. rOMEROT. 11 , Montgomery St., San
Francisco.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY, SELL OR RENT
SEE THE LEADING AND RELIABLE
AGENTS. WE GUARANTEE SATISFAC-
TION. . \
$1500 — Good 4-ronm cottage, excellent plumb-
ing: lot 40x125. : . . ...•••
$1800 — 7-room 2. story house in good condition; ;
windmill and tank: lot CCxl.%0. . j
$2250 — Nearlng completion: five rooms, recep- |
' ti'Mi^hall, bath and pantry; combination ;
>ta* und electric fixtures; cement eide-
wnlks, etc.: $750 cash, balance name as :
rent. x ' j
$3250 — Also !n course of construction, six
rooms, modern in every particular; lot 40x
125; $500, balance $25 per month. -
$5500 — Very mvell home of • 12 rooms on • San
Joee ave.: lot 5Oxl80r the owner of this
property is going East and owing to tMIs :
fact some one will get a bargain. •
Building lots a specialty.
Entire charge taken of property. Rents col-
lected, i -
, HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
1422 Park street.
BEAUTIFUL home on Sherman st. ; built at
a ccst of 515,000: modern in all respects:
hardwood floor; bllllard-room. splendid par-
lors, reception and smoking parlor. 2 bath-
rooms; electric wiring throughout the entlr*
hcus?; 5 large chambers, servants' room,
laundry, and storage-rocm. library: lot 75x
J50: choice trees and flowers: west side - oJ
Sherman st., the choicest street in Alameda:
•unry all day and fine view of San Francisco
Bay: only $13,000.
B-room cottage, Buena Vista ave.: $1300. v
6-rMim cottage. Fountain St.; $1500.
<>-rcom cottage, Lincoln ave.; $2500. -
Large lot. Sherman «t.. near the bay. 75x150.
Choice lot on Central ave.. nenr Willow; $1850.
- E. D..JUDD CO.,
1424 Park st.,. Alameda.
A MODERN 5-room cottaze, $1800. . '
2-story 7-room house, nearly new; macadam-
ized street: north side;- large lot: $2250/
Nice 4-rcom cottage, basement; Chestnut-st. '
stytlon; $ir.CO: easy terms; lot 50x150; n-ar
Wll'ow Bt.; SC30.
Lot on San Antonio ave., $1500. .
Two lot* on Santa Clara ave., $2200. .
Two lots on Everett St., $1600. ¦¦>/!
GEO. L. LEWIS. 1516 Park st.
$1500— MODERN 4-room cottage: high abase-
ment; bath and laundry; $250 cash, bal-
ance' $15 r>er month. . •
. Two_choice building lots, 34x135; sunny side;
all street work done; fine location; $500 each;
$50 cash, balance $10 per month.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS,
Seventh sL and Railroad ave., Alameda.- <
$2678 — BEAUTIFUL home place; 7 rooms; 2-
story; ¦ nearly new; large closets; modern
south front; next to corner; easy terms." Box
3t>20, Call office.
COTTAGE 5 rooms, bath, completely furnished,
piano; adults; rent $30. 1530 Ninth St., Ala-
meda, Mastic station.
$4.%00 WILL buy $7000 residence; beautiful;
near depot. Alameda. Address box 1488, Call
office, Oakland. •
READY for occupancy; a new 6-room cottage;
lot 50x108; terms; make an offer. ¦ See owner,
J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park St.. Alameda. .
BERKELEY -AD VERT'S'NTS
BEB1CILET BEA1J ESTATE.
______ ' i-
A COMFORTABLE FUTURE.
WHY NOT?
Did you ever stop to think when paying;
your landlord 12 to 10 per cent on his invest-
ment for rent, that for absolutely no more and
probably a much smaller monthly payment you
could own your own home? In a , few short
years it would be completely paid for.
A HOME IN BERKELEY,
There you can have grass and flowers and
trees and breathing spots and. best of all the
purest of air and the best of schools for your
little ones. We offer you all these. - togetht r
with the best all-the-year-round climate in the
world. '
THINK ABOUT IT!
Our list of bargains is so complete that lack
of space prevents its publication, and then you
want to see the property anyhow.
. The McOee Tract, however, is ' a specially
gooii thing; visit It.
FRANCIS FERRIER,
2121 Phattuck ave.,
BERKELEY.
At the . Key Route terminus.
JUSTER & BAIRD.
$2350 — New 6-room cottage; terms.
$75O-»-New 5-room "cottage; terms.
$2330 — New 5-room cottages; terms. ¦
12850— 7 rooms; new house.'
f«(>00 — 5-room cottage; convenient.' '
$3000— C-room house; near ' station. .< ;
$3OOO— New 6-room house; easy, terms. ,
S3000 — «-room cottage: North Berkeley. '
$3150 — 6-room house ; fine location.
! $3500— 6-room house;' close to train.
J3500— 8-room house; , nice place. '
$3750— 6-room house; fine location.
,.¦¦$3750— 7-room house;. a bargain. . . .. ;¦
?3775— 7-room house; South' Berkeley. -
J400O— 8-room house: lot : 100x125. -
54250^— 0-room house; C0xl35. "- ... '
?4500— 7-room ¦ house; 1 North Berkeleyi'.". '."
$4750— -9-room houte; east of Telegraph.
i $47f>0— 8-room . house; i North '. Berkeley.
•?480O— 6-room house; Piedmont . ave.
We also have fine residence lots In all parts
of: town, including the Fair-view- Park: Tract,
Hopkins Terrace, Berry-Bangs. "'..- .
JUSTKR & BAinD, , 2137 .Shattuck ave.
* BERKELEY. '/ '
Choice building lots, 50x130; cement walk;
macadam street; near, Key Route station;
terms.". ; ¦ ¦ . '•.'.¦'-''¦-'•'
14000—0 •„¦ rooms and stable ; ¦-'. 103 '¦:'- ft. § south'
frontage, near ¦ Golden Gate,' Oakland ;. property
'cost more than fSOOO: t snap: Investigate this;
i'l.'iOO down, balance _ to ; suit. - .
Delicatessen »stor» ; ! dolnsr. good business; liv-
ing . rooms i connected ; ¦• party , must leave. -
. $2700 to $3500 — New houses;: near Key. Route
station; terms. "•'/: s V:
For rent — Two new flats;: swell: 0 rooms; y%
square of i Key > Route., station; $30; . includes
v/ct«r' and' well kept:Iawn.
Of floe catra •-. to-day.
ISGREGG &j HARRIS,
Dwi«ht way," > .
¦¦-"", NW." cor. v Shattuck \ ave. /
: FAIR VIEW PARK. ;
- This fine ', property," : dfvtded ¦ into 50- foot lots
is being sold at $000 per lot.> : Only Ja limited
number • of." lots . sold at r, this * price, ¦; which * In-
cludes all ; street ",work." y cement ¦ walks ¦ and i tree
.plentlns;^ electric car»; ; run\on; two i sides 'of
property : 3 fine ; houses being i erected.* '- Maps
' and : other { information ; can . be had J a t the ; fol-
lowing ¦ places: •" On ; the grounds,'; at : SE.-^ corner
Sbattuck , and ' Center : st.,*« Berkeley."- or J at . 421'
California' st.". San Francisco. •' *¦¦¦*.¦--;,•:•>-¦¦
: HOPKINS TERRACE. :
Situated on V the thills, afs North N Berkeley"
irached by electric car. line; 350 feet above: the
bay; beautiful ••-, views. .: The^; cheapest >' choice
propertyi in f Alameda County. Maps and. other
' information k can '.bo * had - from : ; - - '
JO3. , J. ? MASON. .'"• . -
Cor. Shattuck and Center St.-. 1 - Berkeley '
Or 421 California 'st.v S. F.~ ¦¦-¦ ,
FRUITVALE ADYEBT^TS
PBTJTTVAI.E KEAI, ESTATE.
FRUITVALE)- REAL ESTATE.
¦-"- •"¦CHAS.'F.'LEE^ Phone Vale. 293.
Office, one-half .block -from station.
- $eoo cash: ; beautiful home of 4 large rooms,
high bassment. concrete foundation: fine well
• of water: all set out in small' fruits; will
- make a fine chicken ranch; no cold fogs or
heavy winds; nestles at the base of the foot-
hills: street cars, schools, church- and 'post-
office close by;- fine "sandy loam soil: nearly
. one acre of ground; price all told $2000; this
Is a snap. -. . -. . .-V -'. ••. .
: $22.~>0 — Chicken -'ranch:' new ¦ house of 5
rooms; chicken-houses and i yards;' young fralt
trees; .large .fine shade trees; nice creek; One
location; close to school and street cam; lot
120x200. . , .......
?210u— Splendid hovse.of « rooms and pan-
tries; • fine well. ; also city > water; - fruit treea
and V flowers : < all > surrounded by a fine picket
and wire fence;. lot 100x200.: • , - .
$1150 — Nice rustic cottage of 4 rooms: high
basement; fine, well of splendid water; . chick-
en-houses" and yards; property nicely fenced;
close to graded school, postofflce and church;
lot 60x100. "
$4250— Beautiful' home; 2-story- house with
fi large -rooms, elegant- reception hall, large
bath, pantry; -' artistically finished; stable:
summer-house . covered with vines; bsautlfnl
lawn, , abundance , of 'flowers, family orchard;
street . and - <*wer work < all . done; s srand view
of foothills and .bay: • In the heart'of town:
one Work to electric cars; close to fine school:
Iotc70x230; price, all told, $4250, one-half of
which can remain. : ¦,-_¦¦¦¦
• Small' payment down and easy monthly pay-
ments can be made on any of my properties. •
Fine lot on Fruitvale ave.. 40x120. $000.
Choice corner, £0x125, - ~ only $750; street
work done; sewered."
WILL ¦ HELL : YOU A LOT AND BITII-D
YOU A. HOME ON EASY MONTHLY PAT-
r75.1ots in the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract:
fine soil; grand .view; new homes rapidly going
v ?: no co!d winds or wet fogs, ard lots only
$75 each: $5. down, balance $2 50 per month.
CHAS. - F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave.
H. - A.. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station, Cal.
$050— Fine cottage of 4 rooms: all hard fin-
ished: good well and pump; • lot 50x150;
only 2. blocks from car line; terras.to suit.
$1000— Cozy cottage of " 4 rooms ' on a ¦ macad-
amized street; gas mains, - sewerage, etc.;
lot 25x130. . with fine lawn, flowers, etc.;
only 4 blocks from Fruitvale station;
this Is a bin bargain. '
$1400— Mcdern cottage of 4 large rooms and
bath; good. lot: 2 blocks from local sta-
• tion; $200 down, balance easy payments.
$1350— Neat cottage cf 4 - rooms, basement.
bath. '• etc. : fruit trees, chicken houses;
; . lit 37»ixlfi5; only 4 blocks from Fruitvale
station; small sum down, balance, sam-e
. as rent. ¦ . • ~ ' . ¦
$16C0— Modern cottage of 5 rooms, hall, bath.
mantel; stable and 'chicken, houses; lot
00x120; handy to local trains.
$1650-^-New "and modern cottage of. 4 rooms,
; .hall, bath; high' basement, cement walks
-•.r. and sidewalks; fine lot- and' location only.
¦ 1H blocks from Frultvala local station;
easy, tsrms. If desired. : . . / — ¦
$1950 — Large -bay-window cottage of 8 rooms;
¦. all .modern; lot 50x122:6; close to local
trains. ¦"•¦'. .
$2250— Beautiful cottage of 5 rooms, bath. hall.
. basement, • mantel,, etc.; lot 60x290. . with
, barn.- chicken houses; all • fenced; good
sewerage i. near. car.' line and In. best part
of Fruitvale:' easy terms. ;
$1650 — Colonial cottage of 4 rooms, bath, large
attic. "etc.;. -lot 50x100;' two- blocks' from
local station; $150 down, remainder on
easy monthly payments.
$1700 — Brand- new . and. modern 'cottage "of S
rooms, hall.- bath, basement.- berry vines
'..'•;• and in Forest Park: lot 50x175; $200
' . down,, balance on monthly payments; a
• fine opportunity. ' • ¦
$2100-rOne acre . of garden soil with new 4-
room cottage, well -and pump; also furnl-
'- ture; - 60 -chfrkens, garden tools; Just tb«
- • place . for raising chickens. - -
. . .. • ALSO
Fin* lots at $75 each one block. from car line
¦ and school: cheapest lots In' Fruitvale.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Cal. ;
.: wV j VT. E^RUDELL, "
: -Real Estate and Insurance,
Corner Fruitvale. ave.- and Washington st. ;'
¦ THE FOLLOWING : PROPERTIES ARE A
FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS :. : ,
$050 — Cottage of 4 rooms, with city water arid
sewer; 5 - minutes' walk from ' Fruitvale
' station ; 1 ' block . from . car line ; 1 . block
from school; thin property rents for $10
. .' per month; ¦ as . an investment ¦ this . looka
"good.. ..."•;• ¦
$1200 — A very.' cozy » cottage of 4 -large rooms
and pantry, closet, etc.; lot 30x140; just
. %. block, f rom FruitvaU-ave. cars; this
property Is rented for $10 per month at
present.- but. will rent for $12 per.- month
Just as well. '. ' " {
THE ABOVE ARE 2^GOOD BARGAINS. I
ADVERTISE SPECIALS ON WEDNESDAYS.
. I have for rent' 2 1-3 acres of land, with mod-
ern house of 7 rooms and bath: nearly 2 acres
in fruit; -pigeon-house,, chicken- house, stable
windmill and 3000-gallon'tank; will lease; rent
$25 ¦ per month. • . . : ' - -¦ -
Money to lean for building purpose*
W. E. HI "DELL. Real Estate and Insurance,
Corner Frultval<* ave.' and Washington st.,
Fruitvale, Cal. • •-•.¦•• •
M. C. GIBSON. .-• Phone Vale 200.
$2500— A 4-rcom house; city water; bath and
pantry: 29 fruit 'trees; berries of all kinds;
close' to" school and* cars; - lot 125x150.. . ¦
$1500— 4-room cottage, bath, high basement;
lot 35x140; mcdern in every way; terms If you
wish it.. .: - ¦' . '¦¦-..
. $2500— 9-room house; all modern conven-
iences;' large lot;; street work alt done; this U
a bargain. .-•'¦•- - . , .
$2C00 — 7-room. bath; fruit and flowers; hot
and cold water: lot 50x135; this is dirt cheap.
We have a few lots left at $150 down. This
will secure you one of these lots and start you
a home. The balance" same as rent. Of flee
open all day Sunday. Give us a call; our time
is your*. !S5r*<Bl*jW,8
M.' C. GIBSON. 1326 Fruitvale ave.,
- Near East Fourteenth st.
. FOR FRUITVALE PROPERTY
- . ,. ¦ " ' SEE ' " »
', SALSBURY ft, YOUNG,
, .Exclusive Agents For ... .
Sather' Tract. * Only - B . minutes' walk from
. -. -- . Fruitvale station
40 cottages lately erected: -many -more going
up; ask any. one for the Dtwey School, which
is on the tract; look for the red flag.
''BATHER TRACT." f '
" LOTS ANY SIZE. TERMS TO SUIT.
Offflce 072 Broadway. Oakland.
4 ACRES fruit and view;. a map"; $2000.
SVj '.acres .level, land .near, ear lln«: $1730..
86x145: Irregular lot; close in; $500.
13Cxl45; 6, minutes* walk to local; $1300.
SCxl50: new 2-story house: 7 rooms and bath;
3 blocks frcm.Fostoffice; $3000; $500 down.
$0xl»0: house of 6 rooms: on avenue: price
$15C0;'$«Cu down, balance $12 50 per month.
100 bargains In the Real Estate Index. -Bend
for it: it's free. JUDSON & CO.. Fruitvale.
IS. C. .GIBSON. ¦ . Phen* : Vale -. 290l
Two-story 7-room house; lot 60x123; front-
ing on two streets; house piped for gas and
electricity;. 2 "toilets. 'polished floor and a
.' ttrictly -modern* noute. throughout; ¦ 2- new
ranges.' stair, carpet and front room carpet
goes with: place; situated In best part of
town; price $.1000. " •' " .- • " •
1 • M. C. GIBSON. 132*5 - FruitTale - av*..~- .
.,-.,, -.1 Near Etut Fourteenth »t-
: : . ."'¦ SPECIAL ~~- ~
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
.-¦The terminus of 3-cent fare. Haywards eara;
streets : graded , and. graveled: ston* sidewalks;
depot on tract: lots from 9SO to $3C0; $2u cash
and balance $10 per month; '15 blocks to local
train: best located : property on San Leandro
road: graded" school on tract. ,. Apply, to 8. S
AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third, ave.. Oakland?
IF • you are • sick. ccm» to Upper Fruitvale to
'. get well. If' well, come and buy a home of '
... . j.-w.- WILBUR & CO.. - . j
'And always remain well.- Can suit you with '
a variety of houses and lots, or vacant lots.
=- at , reasonable ; prices. • '¦ •
4 'ACRES fruit and ,vlew.
¦- i $2000— Cottage, . 0 rooms and bath ; largo lot *
close in; must be sold ;¦ reduced to $1000. '
¦•'¦ 100' proposition* : jn' Fruitvale real estate.
•Index — send -for It: It's free.' '
¦ ¦ '-'-• JUDSON * CO.; Frultval*.
A FINE home;. $IOCO: a 2-story house. 8 rooms
- and 'bath.:, fine mantel, gas. -.; high basement;
- chicken-house,.: barn; . flower "and * vegetabl«
. garden,',' fruit itrees^and berries; . lot 60x180-
.: & minutes to Iccal. 1222 Bray ave.. Fruitvale!
A' SN A P * f or - : cash^-200 acres "- (unlncumbered)
.finest: land Northern Cal.. or exchange for
Oakland.- Berkeley Or S. F. residence proper-
¦.•j ty. • OWNER." 875 37th st.;' Oakland.
FOR tale— $27C0; ; It cost* $5750; , rents • for $*i>
>' i>er - month : 2 cottages, on lot. , 40x150. Apply
;- to S.nS.'-AUSTIN.' 1101- Twenty-third ave
,. East.Oaklao/d. . ¦, - ¦ . ¦¦ .. ¦
LOT — 50- feet frontage on Frultvtit ave.; want
. ' , offer.' -Address owner. -"P.* O. box 4€2. Frult-
'¦ ; .vaI».iCal. ¦'-..'. - , .;.*" .-.' ":• ¦
THREE "acfM-*on',new ' Syndicate road. 1 mile
¦ from Fruitvale. tUtion.. Box 4002. Call.
rRtrrryAi^c adoMH. ,
.THREE unfurnished, rooms ] to rent on Central
: .. are..' near 14th : at.-. Fruitvale. .-. -:. .; - -_
OAKLAND ! HOUSES TO 1ET.
BIG new catalogue 'of ; desirable ¦ vacant house's
-.-; Just out:' srnd. for it. GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
'" 1002 C Broad wajr." Oakland. ,
* BEAIi ESTATE — COXnXTVT — For BaJ». .
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
...LODI. LODI.
T!ie town that has the "SNAP" to it: the
section that has the most fertile soil In the
tean joaquin Valley; fine roads; water trans-
portation.
We are subdividing a choice tract In 10 acre
lets; enly 2Vi miles from town: surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyards;
soil rich, black, sandy loam '12 feet deep:
school en the tract; $75 per acre. This will not
I last over 30 days; first come, first served.
Adjoining land sold for $123.. . -
\ $12,000 — Only 2 mllesi Sebastopol; electric
<"»rs pass place; 100 acres, of which 15 are.
bearing apples; all level, rich. Bandy lcam,
I adapted to hops.' potatoes or com; 2 good
¦ houses, fine barn, sheds, poultry-houses and
outbuildings; complete set farming tools; horaes
and cattle with place.
$2SCl>— CIcee.to Petaluma. 1 mile ctatlon: 10
acres rich loam; family orchard: among beau-
tiful caks; mcdern cottage. 5 rooms, bath;
good barn, poultry-houses outhouses: horse.
cow, 80 hens, buggy etc.; will add 12 acres
J adjoining «f desired; sec this quick.
i $10,000— Close to Geyserville; C« acres rich
. Russian River bottom; great hop land, or
, adapted to alfalfa or vegetables; 12 acres vine-
yard, 12 prunes, 2S acres fine alfalfa; large
| new bam. We ofTer tome of th* finest farms
J in the world in this superb section; let us
J drive you around.
¦ $2300— Near Hopland; 45 acres rich land; 12
j acres pears in bearing; family orchard: good
houte and cutbuildinss; well fenced; Invest!?
! gate this.
i $4000— Close to Petaluma; 21 acres, rich.
j candy loam in potatoes and asparagus; some
1 orchard and garden; fair 7-room house; out-
| buildings; refused $'.>CCO fcr 17 acres aJJolnlng
I not so good; half cash.
: $1800— Close to Sebastopcl; 10 acrrs fine
! land; 4 acres bearing prune*, berries, garden;
: L acres young apples; hair cash.
i $500 down — ICO acres and u»e of 40 more; 2
| miles of postoffice: in Sonoma County; rolling
| land; S acres vines; orchard; finely fenced:
building alone cost $2000: house 7 rooms; barn.
wagon-shed, poultry-houses, yards; 1500 cords
. wood; some stock, furniture: price 52500.
f 100 down — (0-acre dairy and poultry ranch;
j 2 good dwellings; barn, poultry-bouses. Incuba-
trr: C cows, 15 Angora goats, 'i hcrse», buggy;
0 toc't; 10 tons of hay; only 1 mile of town; ln-
, vesttgate quick; $2000.
$5500 — Only 1 mile of Haywards: 37 acres
J fine land; 4 ccre» bearing crchard: modern
I house *) rooms and bath; finest bam in county.
I alcne cost $4000; fine view; this is the best buy
In the vidi.lty.
JC500— Close to Calistrea; JK> acres; 45 level.
1 productive loam eoil: well fenced and cross-
, fenced; plenty fine water; fine prune orchari;
I good house, barn and outbuildings. We have
a large list of desirable homes in this locality.
Let up drive you around.
S2S50 — Ncrth of Watsonville; «5 acres. S acres
full bearing apples, 0 irc grain; fine berry
patch; 40 acres timber: flowing stream; 9-room
house; large barn aud granary; water piped to
j buildings. . IVe have a choice selection of fruit
t and grain ranches at reasonable prices In this
j vicinity. See a few.
j $3500 — 5 miles of Santa Rosa and rear sta-
< tion; Russian River bottom; 25 acres; 5 acres
vineyard; new buildings; 5-room and bath cot-
tage; good barn; windmill and tank; poultry
houses; eee this, and it you want only part of
it will sell unimproved portion at $100 r*r
acre; if you want to raise corn that will make
the Kansas article "side step" see some of our
homes on the Russian River.
¦$C!)50 — 34 acres, near Watsonvllle: 200 apples;
6 acres fine potatoes; 2 acres. timber; balance
j grain: 5-room cottage; barn, outbuilding*..
1 Thirteen acres rich valley land near Sonoma
! City; 9 acres fine grapes. 15 years old, balance
j pears and assorted fruits; this season's crop
easy $700; no buildings; forced , sale; simply
I make an offer.
i $1500— AH level. 10 acres. 2 miles of Calls-
I toga; email orchard; good Jiouse and barn; 2
wells; near school. '•*'
i . ALFALFA LAND.
j $50 per acre — 3 miles of Modesti; 20 acres up;
; half cash.
¦ $50 per acre — Near Lodi, on the Woodbridge
i canal. .
I $1200 — 10 acres in vine and fruit belt, 'near
. Lodi; sandy loam; 5-room house and barn.
| $2500— Near Santa Crux, 60 acies rich alluvial
coll; 8 acres orchard, mostly apples; 10 acres
grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-room house,
barn. . '
Bend stamp for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed li*t on the coast. ¦
WHITE & BATLEY.
Successors to
"W. J.^WHITE.
i 26 Montgomery.^., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
A GOOD HOME FOR LITTLE MONEY.
I 2$ acres of black loam land, situated in the
famous Pajaro Valley, the celebrated apple
producing district of the western slope, Santa
Crux County; 1000 apple trees, half Newtown
Pippins and Bsllflower, now commencing to
bear: balance of tract is planted to peas, po-
tatoes, corn, all kinds of garden truck: im-
provements consist of good barn and dwell-
ing; all well fenced: a stream runs through
the tract, which can" be utilized in the irri-
gation of a few acres of berries in connection
with the fnrlt industry; this would make a
first-class poultry ranch, having the best
market in the State; both Monterey and
Santa. Crux 18 miles distant. For further
particulars of eale apply
GAFTET& MAHON. 11 Montgomery st.
$25,000 — INCOME $«000; Merced County:
122 8-10 acres; SO acres peach and grapes; 6
acres alfalfa; 17 acres grain; 105 acres under
irrigation: modern 10-room house, with gas
ard all conveniences; new large barn: sul-
phur and fruit bouses and all the equipments
of a well ordered orchard; live stock, poul-
try, farm implements, etc.. included; house
on gentle slope, commanding magnificent
views; cne mile from town, R. R. # station
'and school.
LYON & HOAG COUNTRY DEPARTMENT,
•• 116 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE.
JC5OO — r.i,i acres In the city limits of Pett-
luma; 4 acres fine orchard, all bearing; hard-
finish house cf 5 rooms, bath and pantry;
hot and cold water; high bae«ment; fins
windmill and tank; water piped all over
place; good barn: 18 chicken-houses, brood-
ers and incubators;. 1000 chickens; 1 cow, 1
horse, buggy and wagon; 2 sets harness;
all farming tools; randy loam: beautiful
view: no agents. Address P. O. box 440.
Petalnma. CaL
j $25 PER acre— 320 acres choice fruit, table or
! wine grape land, suitable for subdivision;
j Sacramento County.
; $WK) — 10 acres of choice fruit or vine land;
would also make an ideal poultry ranch; nicely
located; close to school.
$2000 — 40 acres choice table grape land, near
the town of Gait.
Grain ranches from 400 acres up to 1000 to
rent on shares. U of crop; Sacramento County.
Address box 15. Gait. Cal.
A— $50 PER acre; fruit and poultry place and
Improvements; 100 acres: 5 miles south of
Holllster 40 in fruit; place worth $10,000;
price only $5000; the healthiest place In Cali-
fornia; owner' non-resident, must sell. L.
W. JEFFERSON, Holllster. Cal.
$3750 — Seven acres of land at Pleasanton. Ala-
roed* County; all-in bearing "fruit, mostly
prunes; new cottage 4 rooms; good barn, hen-
hou»es for 6C0 hens; 550 hens now on* hand;
farming tools, fruit dry«s go with the place.
C. K. MARSHALL. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
SALE cr exchange tor city property; sacrifice;
153 acres, Napa Co.: 60 seres in cultivation:
fruit, vines and grain; fully equipped and
paying: beautiful place: gentleman's home.
SHADBL'RNE. 405 Montgomery St. N
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS! ; .-;>
Send postal for catalogues of th* best land
bargains Jn California. C. M. -WOOSTER CO.,
648 Market st. •¦
$9000 WILL secure a' large tract of land that
Is wctth four times the amount asked; must
be cola before November 1: a chance to male*
a fortune: positively no risk. Box 2702. Call. '
$4250— 400- ACRE general farm; good buildings;
running water; Etock and nil farming: imple-
ments. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy Bt.
471. ACRES: San Joaquin; sandy Irrigable; best
alfalfa and grape land in the State: might
exchange. Owner. 454 34th. Ft., Oakland.
FOR eale — An Ideal foothill ' ranch, near Clo-
verdale, Cal.: worth $4000; e°l n't: at $2500.
Box 23, Cloverdale, CtL
203 ACRES- in Glenn County; sacrifice for
cash. , Owner. 3G78 Market, at., : Oakland.
REXT or sale — 15-acre frcit ranch, bet. Moun-
• tain View and Mayfield. Owner, 222H Oth st.
COO-ACRE etock. dairy and fruit ranch, $3300;
easy terms. : 53* Parrctt building, r
LOVELY home;' 100 acres improved; for sale
i or exchange. : Mrs.- Murphy, 436 Parrott bid.
j COVEBN1IEXT land - for : homesteads- ;water-
I timber; 1C0 acres. Th._ Plnther, 380 Sutter.
; ICO- ACRE ' homestead ; " Gov. land ; watered •
j timbered ;?1 per acre. Th.' Plnther. 3S.C gutter.'
i LARGE ranch near coast f fine Voll- low price •
j near S.rF. H. E.. Pochlman, 301 Montg.- st;
II-X»R fwle — San ' Jose income property. Box
4CS9. Call office, r
SMALL ranch.vcheap;"near'-'V\*atsonvllle >; 000
• y° an g apple.trees; water ;houge. barn. 4032* 25th
CHEAPEST and best in America — The~Weekiy
'• Call. 16 pages, sent f to any address in the
; United States or; Canada, one year for ' SI
! ii.btage paid. . . . '
i m ***" ~ ' *" ' m^~" "^^^ i—^ — '
| .BEAI, ESTATE ;TO-ZXCKAKOB.
$3000— FOR sale or exchange: corner lot. with
I large etore £ building: bent corner^ in • Rlch-
j mond.Addrres box 14S7.' Call office, Oakland.
j CLEAH'- Oakland.: iteiltclcy or S. • t\ property
for tanches /J. 1I..-KUSON.. H-.J: • liacoj'
j. block.'; Oakland.- >-. : .
; COTTAGE ' to I exchance; Point ; Richmond ; \ in-
y coro«;f21', 60,'*- for A city j real 'estate.'j 30SI- 25th,'
I EXCHANGE-^? acres -1 i mile above' Fruitvale;
1 • what have^yourto offer?. • Box -41547, ; Call. '-'THE SAN;;-ERANGISGp:AGALL;;;;SUNDAY,:: OCTOBER^30/, :100-f:
42
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S ; M ? TS
OAKXAjra ESAL ESTATE.
PIEDMONT.
THERE IS NOT
A ETREET CAR
IK ALAMEDA
COUNTY THAT
BY TRANSFERRTNO
WILL NOT LAND
YOU IX THE 1
CENTRAL PIEDMONT
TRACT—
THINK OF ALL THAT
MAY itEAN. .' '
FIFTEEN MINUTES TO THE
CEXTiUi OF OAKLAND.
thirtt-ftvt: minutes to
SAN FRANCISCO BT r-\^ .
KEY ROUTE—
TKALN'S EVEUY TWENTY MINUTES.
BEFOItK BUTIXG A HOME,
SEE PIEDMONT.
THE CLIMATE IS EQUABLE—
TE1IPEKAITRE A\T:KAG1NG 10 DE-
GREES WARMEK IN WINTER
THAN ON LOW GROUND
KEAR THE "VVATKR.
• .
FOR HIGHLAND TERRACD AND
SATHEJt TRACT, BOULEVARD TE3t-
UACK. PIEDMONT PROPERTY AND
McGEE THA.CT IN BERKELEY —
INQUIliE AT TUB REALTY SYNDICATE.
14 SANSOME ST.
1212 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
8. M. DODGE' & SON.
1160 Broadway. Oakland. ¦
$18 — \'a-ar.t lots on Sherman st., near Tel-
*rraj)h- We sold lot adjoining yesterday for
(20 per foot. Lota opposite held at $23 per
foot.
$S590 — Elepast furnished 8-room new houae
tn Linda Vista; furnace, servants' rooms, etc.;
lot 60vlS5.
S3SO0 — Beautiful home in Piedmont; 7 roonu
and biib; new: lot 40x137. Cant be ex-
celled; worUi $0000 to-day.
f 1200— Let 40x132; commanding views of the
Piedmont hills and the bay. Golden Gate, etc.;
located on Chetwood st., above Santa Roea
ave. ; trp of hUl; took at the lots to-day. In
T^-"^ Vista. Take Oakland ave. car to Santa
J^osa.
S. M DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway. Oakland,
See Ex&mlser and Chronicle ads for different
Cat.
KARL H. NICKEL.
Rooms 62-C3. Bacon Building.
We have from $5000 to $50,000 to loan on
good business or residence property.
We have several cottages and houses nearing i
completion at prices ranging from $2000 t->
$5000. which can be bought on terms of cash :
payment and monthly installments. ,
We build from your plans or plans, drawn
from ycur suggestions upon same terms as al-
ready built houses.
Rooms C2-C3, Bacon Building.
KARL H. NICKEL.
¦*..--¦. '• .- — -,., •™™™—~ I
$5500 WILL buy a good corner for 8 flats: lot '
35x1 IS; cottage and store now on property; ;
only a few feet from Key Route station.
$5500— This Is a choice corner lot, 80x100, :
across stroet from station; good for buei- ¦
ners or flats. ;
$3500 — Telegraph-eve, corner. 50x120; only 2
blocks to Key Route station; buildings on I
let can be sold; excellent site for flats. I
$100 cash and balance on time for good build-
ing lots convenient to Key Route.
RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY.
Fortieth st. and Telegraph ave.
.v Central Oakland.
ALDEN REALTY CO.. 51R4 Telegraph ave.
Phor.e Black 6481.
S500 — Lot 50x120; sewer work all done; near
Key Route and Telegraph ave.
5t5CO — Lot 50x165; sewer work done; near
K«-y mute. ;
$1500 — 51x134; best business corner "on Tele-' 1
graph ave.
SWO— 94x125; In Piedmont; near Key Route
and school.
$4000 — 1% acres, , mostly berries; 5 rooms
and bath; windmill; near Key Route and Tele-
£T&.ph ave. '
$^800 — 392x165; finest location lor country
home: select neighborhood; near country club.
?.2i;r.<> — New, modern. 7-room house, bath, gas
and electricity; barn built for a home; owner
muet go East; cost $2C00 to build; cash $500,
monthly $25, same as rent.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$i W» — Good 5-room cottage and lot 37:6x150;
on East Twenty-first St., near Twenty-third
ave.
$350 will buy a 50x123 lot on Magnolia st.,
npsr Twer>ty-flftb.
"$380— 2£foot lot on Market St.. near Twenty-
Cfth.
$CM> — Another cheap lot; 25x125; on Twenty-
fifth st., near San Pablo ave.
J^.'/ki — Best buy In town; fine 6-room cottage
and lot 29:6x100; right In heart of city; see it
quick.
$005— Lot 53:4x115; on Edwards st., between
Broadwty and. Telegraph ave.
$300 — Choice lot; on eunny tide of Thirty-
fourth fit. close to Telegraph ave.; 30x110, or
35 feet for $1050.
$1150 — Beautiful terraced lot. 40x132: on Ver-
non Etreet. Vernon Heights; grand view; ele-
gaot surroundings.
BELUEN. REAL ESTATE.
1112 Broadway, Oakland.
1700 CAEH. $10 monthly till paid; well equipped
chicken ranch; rough ccttage of 3 rooms; fine
large brooding house and Al brooder; 2 incu-
bators; stable, chicken-houses; chicken runs;
. fenced and cr*ss-f enoed ; some young fruit
- trees; g^kod well of water; sandy loam soil;
away from fogs and raw winds; an ideal spot
for the raising cf* chickens or pigeons; a
gTand property and a brrgaln; adjoining East
Oakland, near electric car; boulevard; fine
high-grade school; new buildings going up
all around; home-seekers anchoring here: 12
lots. 150x258. all fenced: price all told. $1700;
call or send for circular. 455 7th St., opposite
Broadway station, Oakland; carriage free
H. C JONES, owner.
FOR EALE ANO EXCHANGE.
Lot In Fitcbburr; 35x100; only $8 front foot.
Eleven acres, well Improved; adjoining city
of Napa. Cal.
Large lot; near Syndicate Bank building- at
a sacrifice.
Beautiful corner; near center of Oakland;
fine location for flats.
Fine home with 3 acres in fruit; in East
Oakland; will exchange for North Oakland or
Berkeley property or sell on easy terms.
GEO RGB E. FAW.
Room 218 Bacon bldg., Oakland.
Phor.e Jaroes 81. -
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
We have been exclusively authorized ' to sell
on easy terms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
uoder foreclosure of mortgage.
We will s«ll these properties at figures far
below the present market rates. If you" want
a bargain call on or write us for particulars.
J. II. MACDONALD & CO..
10S2 Broadway.
. $£R0O_ FINEST, flats In .Oakland; very central
«r,'' first-class location; lower flat all fur-
nished, rented $70 month. These flats were
fC!r.],!'-ttd last June and are a snap. If not
«old st once will be withdrawn from sale and
not offered «ra in under $7500. THE , ALDEN
BX." 1223 Broadway. Oakland. ¦
DABOAIN ON TELEGRAPH AVE.
..rt feet; northeasOcvner; will sell at a sac-
• riflee'for cash; only $32 50 per foot;, choice
locution; Al investment' and ¦ sure of ¦ large
pmflt; offer will ba considered. Address bcx
MSI. Cal! office. Oakland.
XKW. modern 'house 'of 8 large rooms; en Thlr-
• tieth *t., near Telegraph ave.: sun all day;
inferior t<^»uUfully finished; let 40x140; also
7-room new 2-story Inlngalow; a bargain.
• &&• owner,' F.;P. .WRIGHT."; 607. Thirtieth eU
A BARGAIN— North Oakland business proper-
ty; this i-lde uf Fortieth ' st. : close to > Key
Route and R. P. trains and electric line;
elerr and 3 -rooms downstairs. 5 rooms and
bain upstairs; rents $20 'a month;. must 'sell.
Outier 757 R. ¦ R. • avenue. Alameda. '.
tOMCTHING good for somebody; , beautiful
-modern C-room cottar*: finely located; near.
Telegraph a*e.; . five minutes' * walk • Irom'
Key P.uut.e ferry; lot 30x150: exceptional' buy.
at $3i0u.' Apply tf73 Thirty-sixth tU Oak-
IiODQUTO-HOTTgES TOB ' ¦ 8AJVE— Qoa.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg./ over "Examiner" entraac*
corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3807.
Hotels 'and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
Wa furnish abstracts free & guarantee UU«a,
DEATH OF OWNER causes QUICK SALS
of an extra well furnished 30- room
house. 4 blocks north of Market; 'clears $1*3
monthly; lease. If you want It:
RUNNING WATER
IN EVERY ROOM!
t '
¦-V ?¦''¦- MARION GRIFyiN.
SALARY of $3 per day
GUARANTEED and you stay at home;
rent $55; roomers are mechanics;
V HOUSE ALWAYS FULL; SO rooms;
price was $^800; reduced to $1800
on account of sickness.
EASY TERM3.. MARION GRIFFIN.
ELECTION SNAPS.
THESE MUST BE SOLD .t
BEFORE ELECTION DATl V' .. i
SO rooms: rent $40. •. : |S3»>
14 rooms; rent $50; Sutter-st. snao, .
S3 rooms; reputable: clears $138 montlily.
/¦''"*"' " ¦' MARION ORIFFIN,
APARTMENT,HOUSE of 49 rooma, «
Near Sutter and Hyde sts. ijjf
. Rant only $130.
Incom* X175 monthly OVER £aCPJS.NKg3
EASY TERMS..* NO CARDS.
> MARION QRCTTIN. '
GILT-EDGETX
20 rooma splendidly furnished
ONLY OSJB SHORT YEAR AGO;
full of permanent roomers; 8 years* le&aet
owtnr to danreroua sickness,
owner will sell for half of the eo«t; |
$1000 U all the cash you need. »
MARION GRIFFIN.
WE RECOMMEND
A NEWLY FURNISHED HOTTSB '
of 22 rooms on Post st. : rent $90;
Income $164; full of select roomers;
extra sunny and extra well located;
prica $1650; i£
LITTLE MONTHLY PAY3IENTS.
MARION GRIFFIN.
OVER ?400 MONTHLY PROFIT. *
It's a HIGH-CLASS BUSINESS:
roomers must give ACCEPTABLE REFER*
ENCE3: no vacancies: furnishings new and
beautiful; RENT only f5 per roany Ion*
lease; we' show you the bills and DISCOUNT
them $2500; 85 rooma with electric
lights, electric elevator and all other
modern conveniences.
Exclusively wlthv
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEAR Post and Taylor: 18 large sunny
outside room; rent $75.
price $1200; was $1850: some one
will get a bargain; better Investigate.
MARION GRIFFIX.
WORK? None for landlady
In this 14-roora. extra sunny house; - •
rent $50; sunny corner: profit $50; %
srlce $1000: % down; III health "''f*
causes owner to sacrifice.
.•«li M MARION ORIFTEf.
Snlte 406. "Examiner" building.
A— CAMERON A CO.. Phone South 1050L
3 Eddy st; cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming Houses. Hotals and
All Kinds of Business Chances. ¦
ISC rooms; grand, new, modern apartmsnt-
hovae;. elegantly furnished and equipped:
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $900
per month; close In; full of nice people*
bargatn tf taken at once; dissolution of
partnership.
9-room flat; rent only $50: water free: oak
furniture; good carpets; moat seH; price $400.
60 rooms: new. modem bnlldlar: elegantly
furnished; dose In; full of Orst-claM people'
clearing a handsome profit; One opportunity
. to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sicJc-
nesa.
7-room modern flat; close In; well furnished:
cost $600; a bargain If sold at one*; {300.
83 rooms; cheap rent; 2 yean* leas*; fine- down.
. town location; 2 entrances; ererythlns; la
first-das* condition; good farnttnre and car-
pets: clearing now $200 per month; tf run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per moata:
her* Is best proposition In city.
24 rooma; rent $145; new and elegantly far-
' nlshed; oak and mahogany; Una proposi-
tion; good lease.
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; firat-elas*
up-to-date downtown house; wall furnished-
. clearing $300 to $SOO per month; must sail on
account of other business; only wtta us.
21 rooms; ch#ar> rent; very central; good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month:
must leave city; make an offer.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial bouse bt
city; elearlnr now $300 per month; •very-
¦ thing flrst-class condition; .will trade for
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley property or
' ranch In California ; must leave city.
18 rooms: rent $65; good furniture and car*
pets; always full; must sell within next tea
' days; leaving city: make offer.
30 rooms; newly furnished ttaroagLsnt: five-
year lease; downtown; fine, respectable, mon-
ey-maklns; house; part down, balance reaa-
- onable Interest.
109 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room: Ion*
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern nouse;
electric lights, bell and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout; chaace of
lifetime to. get flrst-class house that ts clear-
Ing $350 to $450 at bargatn; owner oblU-d
to leave for Europe to settle an estate; mak?
offer: exclusively with us.
,45- rooms, rent only $125: flrst-class location:
well furnished and good running order; dear-
ing now over $200. per month: always full;
b*»t bur In city; -account ot sickness; price
, - $4500. ..' ' .¦ ; . ¦
i Have new, modern 82-room house; mnt,$373;
- electric Hehts. elevator, corner; everything
up to date: owner 'will exchange for Im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
170CO to $10.C0O.
Model apartment-houae, 2 and 3 rooms eacb:
rent Is cheap: elegantly furnished; 5-year
lease; there ' are 90 . rooms; everything new
and modern: you can get bargain account
of sickness.
34 rooms: cheap rent; thoroughly renovated:
all tn fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clear* $150; reduced to $2S00.
Large list of real estate, rooming hou»?s and
business for ' exchange • or trade - always on
' han.1.. CAMERON. 5 Eddy st.
I HOTELS. :
GOOD paying lodglng-housn of 22 rooms: a
genuine barsraln: and will sell at . sacrifice:"
•'; low rent and lease; old age only reason. .C.til
. .737%, Howard st. 1 • V
$SK0— LODOIXG-HOr?F.. AC rooms: 4 years'
lease; - T-nt $125: ' rood- r»s»oh . for selling.
See BERG &PO PP. 31S Kearny. st.
BARGAIN tf taken at nnce: MS Leav-nworth
,¦ st.: •8-room house, partly furnished; calK 11
j tO 4. "•; ..-,--.:.¦,..¦
HOUSE, llTooms. all sunny: permaiwnt room-
ers;Iease:*acrlflce; fail, health. 30 McAllister.
-: BPJsnresB CHAKcass— ocmtintna. ...
A— CAMERON & CO.— — -Pbbne South 1C50.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for, all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— First-class bazaar; located In thrlv-
'ing location, city; fine' plateglass windows:
' store fixtures, large stock; lor.g lease: cheap
rent; doing good business, clearing $150 to
$200 per month; trial given; established 17
years; one of best propositions In city; slck-
• ' neag I soap: price $35C0. .'. . . ¦
FOR sale— First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California; 60 stalls;
rent only $75 per month; well stocked with
hcrse3. buggies, hacks and coupes: long ea-
'- tabllshed and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause ot sale. CAMERON St. CO.,
¦ : 3.jEddy st. ¦
FOR sale— Stationery, school supplies, drew
linincn; well located; cheap rent; doing good
business; 3 living rooms; stock will Invoice
¦ more thasi price asked; sickness: price $1500-
CAMERON & CO.,' 3 Eddy st. ' . '
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real es-
. tate, rooming-houses and business chances.
/."CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. ' _ : . . '
FOR sale— One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses In
S. F.; cheap rent; horses and wagons, all
equipments; present owner baa made a for-
tune and wants to. retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S00 per month: trial given If
desired; part down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn:
lot 30x137 feet; all furnished; horse and
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
-. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for Investors, such as flrst-class laundry. -Ice-
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods merchandise, country hotels, restau-
i rants' and many other propositions too nu-
i merous to mention: would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON A
CO.. .1 Eddy st. . . ' .
KEALTY EXCHANGE CO..
• F. A. BARR, MGR..
SUITE 807 and 80S, CALL BUILDING.
' UNEQUALED OPPORTUNITY.
[ OVER $12,000 ANNUAL NET PROFIT.
ONLY $15. COO CASH REQUIRED.
REMAINDER PURCHASE PRICE CAN BE)
PAID OUT IN NET PROFITS.
OVERCROWDED WITH WORK AND NOW
DOING A MONTHLY BUSINESS OF OVER
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS.
Can be Increased to $15,000 monthly by
icvestirg a few thousand dollars In additional
machinery.'
Best reasons for selling.
THIS- OPPORTUNITY CANNOT BE- DU-
PLICATED IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NO CURIOSITY SEEKERS WANTED, BTJT
parties with capital and meaning business can
obtain full particulars from
THE REALTY EXCHANGE CO.,
S.< .-'. Suite S07 and 8C8. Call Building.
F. A. BROOKBANK C. H. NORTON
• BROOKBANK-NORTON CO..
BUSINESS AGENTS.
'917 Market' st.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
SALOON — Market st.: good fixtures, fair stock;
S entrances; reasonable rent; owner at death's
door and will . sacrifice for $700 to settle es-
tate; bargain. See Brookbank- Norton Co.
A— $125— BUYS a . % Interest In well paying
restaurant: this is a fine place. for young
man who Is satisfied with $75 monthly. See
, BROOKBANK-NORTON CO.
$85 «85 - $85 ~$S5^ . $83
BUYS one of the best. little cigar stands in
city; good stock and fixtures; rent $10;
laundry pays the rent. See BROOKBANK.
TO a sober. Industrious man who can Invest
$300 we can offer an Interest In old estab-
lished business which Is guaranteed to clear
him $75 monthly: .references exchanged. See
BROOKBANK-NORTON CO.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you 'wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Juzt what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market St..
* Rooms, 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3458.
F. L. SKAGGS & CO.. •
Leading hotel brokers of the West.. 28 Mont-
gomery st.. S. F.. phone James 6301. If you
are looking for a good hotel opening we can
tell you all about them. Hotel men Invited
to call. , - ,.
PARTNER WANTED. ,
Well known, responsible real estate agency
of Berkeley desires a progressive thoroughly
up-to-date active copartner with .reasonable
prerequisite as to business Integrity, experi-
ence, capital and reference: capable of util-
izing an oDDortunitv. Call or address me
this day. Owner, 1099 Stuart at.. Berkeley,
Cal.
HOW to make money, and secure an Income
for the future; better than savings banks;
pays you 5 per cent Interest from the start,
and- 40 to CO oer- cent dividends later on:
-secure a $100. $50O or. $1000 gold bond;- can
pay. en Installment plan if you wish. Call
Tuesdays and Fridays, from 1 to 6 p. m.,
706 Van Ness avenue, San Francisco.
A. P. ABBOTT. Agent.
RESTAURANT/ $300: opposite carhouse: seats
40 persons; cheap rent: have good reasons
for selling: this Is a splendid opportunity for
a man and wife; clears about $10O a month.
Call 1130 Union st., near Hyde.
$300— REAL estate, of flee business and furni-
ture; location best in city and elegant furni-
ture; owner mu<?leave city next Wednesday;
. best opportunity offered. Box 4C39, Call y
INVESTMENT — 10,000 shares only of the
Niagara Mining stock will be sold at 15c
per share; excellent' opportunity. Call at
room 430. Crossley . bldg., between 1 and 5
o'clock p. m. - . .
FOR '$3500 you can -be one of the directors
and get In on the ground floor of an Al
company, and have your " money fully se-
cured. .Box 4034, Call office.
AN unequaled ' opportunity — Retiring; so am
offering my 20-yeare' established land busl-
' ness, complete, for a tenth actual value.
N. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent. 6 Geary st.
OFFICE , to let— Ground floor: most prominent
and desirable:, light, < airy. dry. heated; real
. estate or' brokerage; reasonable; Nevada
. block. 317 Montgomery st.
I "WILL 'send you free book telling how to
make $1 earn $10; send no money; book free.
J.- F. LAWRENCE. ; 112 Michigan St.. Chi-
cago. - : -¦ ¦-.'. -.. .¦...¦/.-.¦¦. .- '
BUSINESS office for sale; established 15 years:
must sell Monday; "leaving city; see 'this
quick;. snap for somebody. 865% Market st.
WANTED— To buy either a grocery (no bar),
a tea and coffee store or a crockery ¦ store;
% must be cheap for cash. Box 4646. Call office.
WANTED — Grocery 'and bar; : not over $2500:
Hood location; etRte full particulars. Box
' . STM. ' Call office; no agents.
$30C0 BUYS One of the best paying restaurants
In this city; a fine location and a good lease;
, splendid equlDment. > D. C. j box 4680. | Call-
PROFITABLE -nlumblng -business for" $150O;
,: owner going East. W. 8. H ARLOW & CO ,
• ,030, Broad way. Oakland. -
COUNTRY newspaper'" properties . for sale;
daily.' weekly. ,W. F. CORNELL ft CO., 018
/ Sacramento tt. / , .' V
HAIR dres«ln« 'and ' manicuring parlor; best
•-. location' in city :' no- ot>30sltion; owner leav-
. ;. ing.' ' Box 4C00. .Call : of flee.
FOR rale— Transfer office and express business;
¦ ¦. best reasons for selling; good teams. 6 Eddy
. st., room 81. ' ,.
W'ANTED-^-Partn«r,in hair dressing and manl '
. curing parlors; email capital. Box 4K8T. Call.
PARTNER . In . dressmaking; well established
/; business.',;. Box 4688. Call ¦' of flee.':'
< WANTED-^-14-'room" house north of Market St.-
I {; * partly ¦ furnished; rdowhtown.Y Box J3S," Call!
¦ WANTED— Lady partner > In ro&hlng- house •
small/ caDltal.;., 610 Geary st. • '
,FOR 'sale— Tailor; shop: good . location; . rent
, 1 reasonable. . Box 4625. Call office.
CIGAR-STAND. , .101 Mission < st. : make "offer";
; .-'¦- no agents; must sell: no trlflers. *
FINE grocery; and family llqoor store at bar^
gain ; best . location, j 1699 ? Post at. • ¦
$3W> •¦— PARTNER'-. wanted: \Market-st. ; cigar
r- store, j Marln> Investment Co.. 235 < Kearny st.
r.ODQiyQ-HoxrsEa pos saxb.; :
;•:; MITCHELL,^ CO. .; ."¦ '
¦*12C6 Market st. - , - - Phone Jessie 29«l. ]
'¦• "-.'•: Rooming and apartment .houses, hotels and
. , flats -sold; to ; suit purchasers: titles guaran-
.. teeU.' '-.'. •' • ', MITCHELL & CO.
v OAKL"AND^hoU8e.". 22,' rooms; rent « j$GO; :pak
furnlrure^leas*;* always -full: good . carpeta;
•': center, ot town ;• $300 cash and small* monthly
: '"¦ payments :¦ secures • It. ¦¦ = MITCHELL : & • CO..
%., 1206 i Market ; »KWBKB&BBtBBKBBKtmSf3£3i
7-ROOM . flat/; partly ' furnls'hed; sunny corner:
-* rent $45. > Call after 10 • a.^ m.. 721 Franklin
BjaC^near Golden Gate ave.
I k ':: BPJsilTBSS CHAyOES-^-Contlnned. : ':_
A— $2450:VCORNER ¦ grocery "and : bar; - r 6 years*
/V lease;' rent $40; store doiDg a large cash bust-
,~ ness ;. 'location. can" t v . be' beat; value in sight.
r See' R.G.i WILKE." 26^. Kearny, St.' • -¦:_¦
'A— $5500; SALOON ; about 1 block from Phelan
¦/:' building; * net rent $125; lease;: stock; will ln-
. voice i abon t : $1200; a good paying , place ;¦ in-
vestigate' at once; rare chance. B. G.
f WILKE. ;2«H Kearny St.; ; ; V "j : .> .;
A— ?2CC0; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block- from Examiner, building; place estab-
' llshwl years; ¦ doing a first-class .business;
. • about $70 . pur day. i Particulars see '¦ R. G.
¦ WILKE, 26^ Kearny.st.. - : r
A-^-$l?.r>i(>: BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy
'produce, store; • I" block: from . Palace : Hotel ;
. . dally receiptu from $30 up; horse, wagon;
, place cl-jaring $200. per month. See R. G.
WILKE, 26H; Kearny st. .:¦ ' r* '
A— $000— CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
- On Fourth st.. living rooms; rent $30; lease;
V a . good ¦ paying * place ; ' bargain. • See R." G.
i^WILKE. 20^3 Kearny at. . ..-. '.'-
A--$,1J>OO— Old established .commission "store.
• dairy .produce,, etc.. must.be sold at once on
.< account of death ; a very rare chance, as busl-
: nesi is known for 28 years as a good reliable
house. . R..O. WILKE. 26V^ Kearny if.'--,
A— 51600; CORNER dear ; stand on Ellis St.;
H-ase; a good paying place; location can't be
.beat; owner roust leave for. N. -Y. : a sacrl-
flce. See R.G. WILKE.- 20<'- Kearny st. .
A— $000; CORNER saloon, S. of Market; Si.-.th
st.; cheap rent; 4 years' lease; a bargain.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $4000; RESTAURANT and cafe close . to
Market and ¦'¦ Powell sts.;: rent $300; lease;
place elegantly fitted- up and doing a large
.business; best class of patronage; owner en-'
>• gaged In other business; must sacrifice. See
R. . G. ¦ WILKE.' 20 V, Kearny st. -
A— $0500; THE leading candy." Icecream and
oyster parlor " across the bay; monthly - re-
ceipts about $1500* rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind in the State: rare chance.
Call R.Q. WILKE, 20H Kearny st. ; ?
A— $300; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
corner; rent $30; best location; business pay-
Ing wel). ' R.^G. , WILKE.: 20% Kearny St..
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market st.: net rent $00; lease 4
years: average monthly receipts $1100; value
'.- In sight. :Sea R, Q. WILKE. Kearny.
A— $1500: HARDWARE and plumbing business;
;¦¦ location the very best; established years, and
. a first-class paying business. All particulars
R. -.' O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. -
A— $2300; TRANSFER and express business; 6
. I horses, 5 1 wagons, bus. road buggy, , harness
and stock; business established years; clears
at least $200 per month ; a rare chance. See
R. Q. WILKE. 26 % Kearny «;. :..
A— $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 blocki
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place eur-
- rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
ing, business. Call B,- G. WILKE. 26%
.: Kearny st. • .. *
A— $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with o acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly., income $1000; one of the*
; v best business properties; about 75 miles from
. city..: See R. Q. WILKE.'%26% Kearny st.
A— $2G50; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
. with first-class paying saloon In manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying bust-
ness. See R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1600: COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from |
this city; 39 beds. 50 boarders; fine barroom
. with good trade; close to depot; In lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particular! R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny st
A— 1750; DELICATESSEN,' branch bakery and \
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daly receipts about $20: best location north of
Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $60; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about S2800; a . well established and
' first-class paying business. See R. O.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st. . v-~
$2000 — Established . commission business, doing
.only cash business, that will bear -
investigation; good bargatn right man.
See BERG.& POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$300— PARTNER; must be honest, sober, re-
llable. See BERQ & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$650 TO $10,000— Saloons that will stand Inves-
tigatton. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny.
RESTAURANT; also delicatessen stores at bar-
gains. See BERG & POPP. 31S Kearny at.
NEW Arkansas oil field— G. M. Bailey. Mis-
souri Pacific Immigration agent. Little Rock.
Ark., can get you an oil_ lease, trifling ex-
: pense.'r Fortunes - from future sale leases.
r WANTED—^-Partner with 7 $730 for big- money-
making business; will stand strict investlga-/
"¦' tlon; trial given before investing. Box 4617,
'Call, of flee. vrT,~-
I WILL send free book, telling how to make
$1 earn $10; larger amounts in -proportion;
send no money. J. F. LAWRENCE. " 112
'. Michigan, st.. Chicago. ' ., ,« ¦ .-
A GOOD plumbing and tinning, business; tools/
stoves and tinware; 30 minutes from San
Francisco. : Address E. B.. 1901 Bu^h, S. F.
$S0O— RESTAURANT; . north of Market; close
In; good business location; fine trade; I rent
3 «22 60; receipts $35. Box 4401, Call office.
PARTY with small amount' to take exclusive
- county ' rights ' for automatic window screen;
,, also sell territory. Box 3615, Call office.
AN income for the family; dividends that will
'please you. Address 701,Drexel bldg., Phlla-
• : delphla, - Pa. ' . ' ' . .
$150 — PARTNER, to good paying office busi-
ness; livo honest man. Address box • 4018,
v Call office. '
GROCERY and bar; fine corner; $2300; cash
.or security; nice stock; bargain. . Particulars,
; JOHNSON. 3226 17th St.; no agents.
$000— RESTAURANT ; great bargain : fine lo-
cation; good business; party going East; also
list of saloons. Eltel & Carroll,. 212 Kearny.
CASH ¦ grocery and delicacy store needed;
suburb: rare opportunity. 1584 Market at.,
room 213.
MAN with $150, cash and services; what can
¦ I get? Bex 362O.1 Call office.
FOR sale — Fine » established family liquor
¦ store ; good : lease. Box 3786. ' CaH. .
MINER wants a proposition concerning lease
. ; in Goldflelds. Nev. ; Box 3776, Call. •
FOR 'sale— Good' reatauranj. proposition In San
Matoo;.no agents.' Box -3771, Call. .
BOTTLING ' business for sale. Inquire 116
1 Steiner- st.. ¦ near Haight.'
FOR sale— Restaurant at 314 Hayes st. ; good
"place for, : a', family ; owner going north, g
WANTED immediately—- A' captain with $1000
to take charge of T vesael.; Box 3704. ; Call.
A v FINE saloon across the bay for sale
I Address box ; 10.18. Call | office.
CIGAR irtand '; In ! Oakland i for ; sale; ' good cor-
ner, ci Address ; box \ 4402,", Call office.
CIGAR.; stand \ for ' sale. "* near Townsend-street
: .''depot- Box, 4403. ; Call office. ;
INTEREST for sale in- leading, city market;
:: rare chance. ¦ Box 4598." Call . office. .
1 WANTED-^-G«v3d 'corner, irrocery;^ will Invest
I $1200 to$15C0;, north Market. Box 4(522. ' Call.
• 'A COp.' grocery delicatessen, with 2 furn.vrms-
; rentals; S-year. lease.-;: 130O ; Church - st." :'i
CIGAR' stand: for -sale cheap. •- Apply : at"31
:; Fourth : st. ;; low rent.
PARTNER. wanted In milk .business; $150 per
i ¦ month each. : Address • box ¦ 4630.'; Call office.
!.${S0OCK-A • TRANSFER = and delivery. ' business.
1 .'- consisting ' of .new* building," 20 horses and .12
[¦:¦ vagons, harness, etc. ; all In first-class coq-
¦ dltlon; clearing $300 per -month. Apply box
:--' 1474. Call office.. Oakland. ? ' r
! FOR, sale-^-A"- half Interest -in bakery 'and cof-
:'• fee parlor;; first-class location. and business
, Increasing:. ¦-•-' Address S. , B.7 box 520, . Sacra«-
' ' mento, ' Cal. ''.',"'. ' , . . J : ;
$700 • BUYS 5 country* weekly : in growing l town:
I '¦» one-third .-do wn,"v balance easy;, net Income
I '¦¦¦ $90 • monthly;'^ circulation - 400. Address ' box
I 5 Call- Office. Cf *;¦.»,'.;.¦ -, ' '- |\
j- BARBER shop fixtures for sale; two revolving
'¦-- chairs; f 2 * stands; •. 5 ' mirrors; .'other - articles;
'.' ..worth . >SO:. eall at . sacrifice. ..Box 3077;; Call.
,$275."— 'ACTIVE; man : air partner;- established
v: . business ; ' duties ; easily . learned ; sure profit of
-. . $55 ; a ': month : to 5 each. -\ 632 Market ; st., , r. ". 61 ':
A NEW nnd second-hand book store for $1500;'
¦ good ' business ; big stock ; '¦ well located ; cheap
; , rent. 'Address . box 3C22. . Call office. • ,, -,
GOOD paying for »ate, . or will ' take
Jsa"partner; ; present-; owner kwIII de . cooking
,-::¦ 1928' Market' Bt.'V. . >'V/ y-y ;. :.-. ;; '¦ ; '.-.:>-.-
BRANCH bakery, i candy 'and': notions;-; nice
I . , clean a stock ; * snap , for. right * party : t leaving
! '¦ city : \ bear , investigation. - 1500; Buchanan su
; FRUIT • and * groceries : * good t- location ; ; cheap '
; rent ;'. 3 : living I rooms \l irood ' business. »- "Apply ¦
j..* 23 '. Telegraph : ave. , ¦ Oakland." > •.-. >:ZX-'i- '. ~~~~ vti'"
, NEW stocks men's k furnishing ' goods -fixtures
"¦•¦' and* If age; • account >«tckness. Address box
1 '1 1475. -Call office.'; Oakland. .-; .. --- .-
• FOR ' sale-^— Corner - 1 grocery : VexceJIenF* location ¦
'« * stock i f resh;; cheap.-: Address; box J147i, . Cull
,. of Oc«. > : Oakland. ':.,'-. * > ';¦.-/¦¦ ':.•/?:; v-^>jS*
PARTNERS detective 5j and T; collection :-esta b-
¦ z? lighed business ; < small ' caplttl;' Room 25, 1 1014
r? ."Broadway." Oakland. ,' •;>' < b " -' • '•"¦> <
CETTBCH SBSVTCEB— Contlnttea.. -V -\
UNITARIAN Church (Fir»l>.iS.W.\cor.- Geary"
and Franklin sta. — Rev. -Bradford- Leavitt,
minister. Junior church and' Sunday .school
are 'at 10 o'clock; Rev. Bradford Leavitt and
- ,C. A. Murdock, supts.: - Sunday 'service is'at
11 o'clock. There is noev'ening service." Mr."
Leaviit will preach ; ( subject. "The -. Free
.Man."' Music by quartet,' under direction ot
H. Bretherick, oreanlst. All are ' cordially
Invited. ¦ . . : - •„, ,-;
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. I Twentieth
: . and, Capp sts. (take Mission or Valencia. 6t.
car)— The . Sunday-School meetrt. at 9:45
o'clock. Mrs:' L. A. Covel, superintendent.- At
the morning' service, at 11 o'clock. Jay .Wil-
liam Hudson will preach.- Subject.' "A Fore-
cast for Christianity." Music by 1 orchestra
and choir, under the direction cf Mr. Jablsh"
Clement. All cordially invited. No even-
-lns service. • "v
F1RBT Congregational Church, . corner Post and
Ma«on Rts. — Rev. George C. ' Adams, D. * D., ;
pn-stor. win preach at 11 a. m. ': Topic, "From
Mountain to Valley." At 7:45 p..m./a' ser-
- vice of sonp. Special music by the .' choir.
Samuel D. Mayer, organist and director. Ad-
dress by W. A. Gates, secretary Btate Board
. of Charities and Corrections. Topic, "Our
Obligation to. the Prisoner." All are cordial-
ly Invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational, Church, . Post st..
bet. Buchanan and Webster,' Rev. I.C.Me-
serve, D.D., pastor — Morning worship at 11,
preceded by Sunday-School -. at 9:30 a: m.;
Christian Endeavor meeting, at 6:45 p.'m.;
evening woraWlp at 7:45. The pastor will
preach both morning and evening. ¦ In the
evening he will deliver, the last in ; a series
of popular eermona'- on "The Prodigal,"-. his
tcplc being "The' Older Son." Come and
rest and worship. ' <
THIRD Congregational. 15th. near Mission-
Rev. William Rader. pastor; residence, Hotel
Manhattan. At 11 a. m.. "The Prisoner." I
At 7:00. "The Stones of Oxford," second In
series on "Messages From the Old World."
GRACE Church, California st., corner of Stock-;
ton. Rev. Davis J. Evans, rector— Celebration
of the- Holy Communion S a. m. Morning ser-
vice. 11 a. m. ; "Te Deum" and "Jubilate"
(Buck) in B minor; offertory, '.'The .Wilder-
ness" (Goss): full cathedral service,:- 7: i5
a. m. Heats free at this service. The sermon
at both services will be by the. rector. Or-
ganist and choirmaster. William H. Holt.
TRINITY Church, Bueh -and Gough rts.,
Fredrick W. Clampett, D.D., rector — Holy
Communion, 7:30 a. m.; Sunday-School, 9:30
a. m. ; morning service, 11, o'clock; evening
service, 8 o'clock. Rev. James Hulme, assist-
ant, will preach at both servlcee. You aro
heartily Invited.
FIRST Baptist Church, 320 Eddy st.— Rev.
Leander Turney of Chicago preaches at 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Bible school at 12:30
p. m. ; Christian "Endeavor meeting, 6:30
p". m.; prayer meeting "Wednesday at 7:45
p. m.- All cordially invited to these services.
Seats free. .
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block, 223 Sutter st.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.;
subject of lesson-sermon, "Adam and Fallen
Man." Sunday school for children at the
same hour: Wednesday evening meeting- at
8 o'clock; free reading-room, 200 Kearny st.,
rooms BCy-510; all are welcome. -
THE People's Church meets Sunday evenings
at 8 o'clock In Elks' Hall. 223 Sutter et.
Subject this__fcvenlng, "The Open Question
Box." Pastor, Mrs. Anna L. Gillespie.
A SUNDAY afternoon service for men only
' will be held to-day at 3 o'clock in the audl-
torium of *.th« Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation. Mason and Ellis sts. Dr. George C.
Adams, D. D., will deliver an address on
"The Sunset of a Life." A concert will be
given by the Robson orchestra, and A. E.
McMUlan will; slug. All men are Invited.
MEETI2TQS — STT3TPAT.
A^-COME early to-night to secure seats, -A."
O. F. building hall. 102 O'Farrell st., below
Alcazar; Prof. Gee. the recognized - psychic
and platform medium, In his startling, mysti-
fying tests; singing by Little Vera Kant-
dall, the little girl with the big voice.
Other professional music; 10c.,
"REXRADIO'S" wonderful "public" free heal-
l ing meetings, 2 and 8 p. nu, "to-day" and
dally; see his surprising ads In to-day's
"personals," also daily in all papers. Ra»
dlum Hall, 7R3^ Market and 1 Fourth (cori
ner Market and Fourth).
J. C. BELL. ' the great American blindfold
psychic and slate writer; seance Sunday,
Tuesday and Thursday at 8 p. m.; 25c; testa
to all. 311 Mason st.
ARRIVED from New York. Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychic for slate writing clalr-*
. voyance. Office, 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
: MRS. _EBERHARDT tests to-night. 10c. 1 267
San Jose ave., bet. 1 Twenty-fourth and Twen-
ty-flfth ets. ; readings daily. -
CHILDREN'S Lyceum, every Sunday. 10:30
a. m.. Market and Seventh, ! Odd Fellows'
No. S, free library. ¦
TESTS — Scottish Hall; R p. m. ; Maxwell, Ho-
vet, WVenn. McKee. Samuels, Neilson, Mar-
tin, from East.
TESTS— I. O.O. F. building, Seventh and
i Market; 2-7:30, Wilson; 7:30, Dr.' Hargrave,
Dr. Cowan; 10c. "
A — MRP. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium" and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
MRS. STODDARD'S select full test read, se-
ances. 25c, Sun., Tues.; sit, dally. | 278 9th.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister St.— Mrs.C
J. Heyer; sit. dally; tests to all every ev. : 10c
MRS.' /EBERHARDT'S developing clas4 Mon-
. day eve.. 25c. 207 San Jose ave.,bet.24th-25th.
CIRCLE to-night, 10c. PROF. SABLICK. Egyp.
tian occult, dally 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. 700 Ellis at
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 10c. 619
McAllister st.;. readings daily; come skeptics.
I EVERY Sunday, 2 p.. m., room 8. Odd Fellows'
j bldg., lecture and messages. Mr.-Mrs. Howe.
W. G. KEEGAN holds' a test seance ¦- every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
'' ATTEND Mrs. Harland's evening circles; to-
nlght 10c; readings 50c. $1. 148. Sixth st.
MME. VIGAR'S spiritual t«at meetings. 10c.
14S Sixth St.; sittings daily. , -
MEETINGS — THEOSOPKICAIJ.
: THE Theosophical Society, Academy 'of Sci-
ences Hall — Public ' lecture," 8 ; p.- m., by
Thomas Prime. : Subject. "Invisible Help-
ers. ". Music by Prof. W. H. Lipscombe. . ;
BTTZTDA-S* LECTTJKES; " '.\r
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free, lecture this
evening. Electricians", Hall, 35 Eddy st.; sub-
] Ject. "Before the Storm." -followed by views
of. "Venice, the Beautiful"; free tickets will
e distributed : for X- Ray exhibition at sani-
tarium Tuesday evening: remember the ques-
tion box; special. music. ?; - :
FREE Thought Association, Scandla Hall 161
..City Hall ave.;- subject. "Romans Catholic
Countries Are Further Advanced ' in True
Civilization - Than , Protestant" ; ; opening re-
marks, -Dr. J. ' L. York," 2 . p. m. ¦
VEDANTA Society," Swaml's ¦ lecture to-night
' at 8. ."Higher Sciencei of Marriage Accord-
Ing to Vedanta," at.40St?iner st.. admis-
sion 25c. ,. ¦¦ ¦- -. ;.'V V
J. STITT WILSON* speaks under the auspices
of the Socialist, party,- Alhambra ; Theater,
Friday, Nov. 4. Truth about Socialism free
' ! i 1
MISS "FRANCES E.' SPEYER of Minneapolis
will speak at Golden Gate Hall all t to-day .11
ra. ; subject, "Mhn'3 P.ight to Knowledge.".
"SCIENCE OF BEING,", valuable lesson given
free by Sarah . J.Watkins, Chicago . College,
: 8. p. m., Sunday, .Odd Fellows', bldg." ¦
DR. BETIERO, the mystic free. lecture,: Golden
Gate «al|. 625 , Sutter st. Hupper hall), .8 p.
-, m., "Bible .Truths;"' VVocal music.
BEN ' HANFORD, "candidate Vice ; President,
Socialist, ticket. iAlfcambra.oTuesday, 8 p.;m.
Dr-Collinge— Subject, f "Order of the Cosmos "
.' Welcome,, Hall. . Odd Fellows', bldg.;% 8 < p. j m;
CARMEN'S, Hall.- 310 O'Farrell st.; to-night at
8. speeches by Socialist candidates;, free. ,:
':i:''-C ;^MEETnra^ notices;. .•;';¦ ;-y "'
SOUTH SAN; FRANCISCO '- Lodge, No.' « ;
V ,212,- F.' and A. M.'— Officers and mem-VY
bers are hereby notified to assemble at r AA'
their, lodgeroom SUNDAY," October 30, • ~-
l»04. ,at 10 o'clock a.': m., thence to Mission
: Masonic Temple to conduct the i funeral ser-
. vices of our late brother,': BEDFORD AL.
MER TINGLEY. By order ofsthe W^M - '
¦'I'.' •". >' E.,C. HARE,' Secretary?'
CONCORDIA Lodge No. \ 122. - 1. O Kli m l 1 :>^
O. F. — The members of the funer- •rfgaMbJfe-
al comiTilttee are hereby notine.1
to assemble at I. O. O. F. H'.ll "^tSK*"
; SUNDAY. October 30. J at , 1 :3C p. m..*to at-:
tend the funeral' of our late brother," PETER ¦'
, OTTEN. 1 deceased.;' By. order 1 of i,'.- ; < ;
¦'--« - FRANK. ROTHING.'N.'G. ;
. . CHRIST. ROEBER.*.;Rec; Sec. ; : ' \.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No.' 310.^1. >O.«^>aa««^. ;
O. F.— Initiation- 'fO-MOKROW-JgMMNHfe.
(MONDAY). EVENING. Visit-
¦;: Ing brothers i cordlally r T invited.:'- I^SwS^.'
\ --<;:¦ ;¦";.. .'-v^E.*, HANNAY.il N.=;-G:;^
ODIN ' Lodge , No.i 3O3.* f 1/ O. O." V.'l '•• 'iUfcrn^" ''¦• ¦>-'
meets ISVERY i- WEDNESDAY
' 1NIOHT. In Fraternal, Hall. ; Inltla- ?^^ffl«P
.. tloa r (in Swedish) , next-.Wednes-ji^BlwlB'^j'l
'. day, i November 2.v Visiting ibrothers' cordially
• Invlttd. • GEORGE G.iMORENVrN.' G.'
SWAN CHYTRAUS.' Secretary.;. ¦ :
I y t MEETING I WQTICES— Continned. ,
1 THE, Loyal Orange L lodges -of San '¦¦„ j&J- ¦'•'
j •">; Francisco j. will o hold ,; their ! annual i^JsW '
; '¦: entertainment i and * ball , on Satur- '•tCShA'' 1
- - day, - , • November 5, 1004,'- • In : Red R »^*^ » .
v: Men's Hall, ;220» Golden Gate ave.'. "JJ*^* 9 * :
at 8:30 p. m., ; . sharp..*; -'; y COMMITTEE.' .•¦;¦
MODERN Woodmen of 'America." Good- SSH55? 1 .
lellowhhip Camp, 1)033 M. , W. of A.," I C% .-»
n.eetii ;¦ every w MON DAY NIGHT = at E/Q\ .
Fraternity Hall, 35 Eddy ' St.. ' San V^w *) <
:. : Francisco.-- W.--- H. EDWARDS. V.C. '*^^f- •
; * W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room »S27
. Emma Spreckels building. . :¦¦¦ .. : ,
* APOPTIOIT. "
ARE ; you ; worried ? 3 Come" and see me." : ' For"
adoption, .healthy boy. Dr. Emilie
. Funke'a ¦; Maternity ' Villa, 1416 ~ Eighth ¦: St.,
Alameda. :: ., "¦: : . -¦ . ¦•.;¦'¦ ' •<"¦':. ;
-v J^y; v^OS»TB ¦ WABTTXP^ ¦¦-.;• . - ¦ ¦ ;" "-
AGENTS— Also demonstrators - (preferably phy-
. slcian or physical. culturist).^ wjde awake. In-
telligent men and women to sell ' a portable
mechanical hand vibrator, •' which is a; physi-
. cal culture exerciser,' exhllarator and wonder-
, ful' curative, agent;, the marvel of ' the: age:
needed by every one; rapid seller: salary and
commission. Write or call 0 to 0.. VACUUM
APPLIANCE CO.. 0 O'Farrell st. .-¦ r j: : .
AGENTS. to Introduce dye soap; can earn $12
to $15 weekly: can dye 2 'shirtwaists » with
- 16c bar; does not stain •¦ hands .: or ' injure
* ', fabric. V R. J. H. Co.. C22 Hayes St.. S. F.
1 WE p?.y $30 a week and expenses to men with'
i -rigs, to Introduce poultry compound; •year's
; contract. Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept. 54. Par-
. sons. ICans.
AGENTS In every, town to sell "Shavene."
--; razorless shaving ; powder;": complete "outfit.
35c. .Victoria Mfg., Co.. '635 California st.
PERFUMES, cosmellcs. flavoring powders. Pa-
g clflc Agents' Supply Co., 1 1220 Treat ave., S.F.
LADY I agents wanted - everywhere ¦ - to '¦: sell
Kemp's Suppositories. 1812 Market st., r. 310
WANTED — Active, energetic agents: big prop- |
.osltion; large commission, t Box 4663, Call.
' ATTOBNXYB-AT-I.AW. '¦:
A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12. and
Is no Rood;. for, 22 years I've made divorces j
a specialty; quick; quiet; no money, needed;'
no pay unless divorce Is- granted; : perfectly ¦
reliable: lowest- fees; : advice- free: collec-
tions mail". : G. W. HOWE. 1 122 Market st.
CONSULTATION free, private and confidential;
no advance fees; business promptly, and le-
gally transacted: . -collections, mechanics'
liens, tenants ejected; probate: loans on real
estate; safe, sound Investments, at highest
rate of Interest. W.MATTHEWP. 632 Market.
R. W. KING, Attorney-aT-Law, . Exam, bldg.;
6th floor; entrance ronm Oil; established 26
years ; all courts, . general court '. and ¦ office
practice; -no fees In advance or tor consulta- I
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PENSION Atfy—M. Harris,- 016 Market St.,
rm. 51: 15 years'. practice: ref. many thou-
sands of soldiers, sailors, widows and orphans
* on Pacific Coast for whom I have secured
'i. pensions.
AA— Divorce; costs $12;qulck.qulet;advlce free:
¦ all law business: no charge unless success-
ful; open evenings. 827 Market St.. room 301,
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no feea or
costs In advance;, all law business; office
open Saturday evenings, 810 Market st..r.83.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; quick, quiet;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful; open evenings. 827 Market, room 204.
L, P. CLARK. 927 Market, room 804; consuita"
. tlon free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
. ASTHMA CTJBB. . _ i
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly-
. 10c. 25c. BOc. 1602 Market. St. -Nicholas;
also Wishart. 10th and Washington, Oakland.
CONSULT Astor, famous N. Y. astrologer-
man of ability. 007. Market st. ¦
ZOREIDE, astrologer: psychic, , occult and as-
trological r«adlngs..D Mason st., rooms 1-2.
aptomobii.es. '
"B" MODEL Cadillac, used 3, months; com-
plete with baskets, lamps, . horn, extra tires '
etc. ; price $900. , 513 Sixteenth St.. Oakland.
A "B 1 ' model Cadillac automobile for sale; In
-perfect running order; : almost new; carry
five; will sell for 195k y Box 1853, Callofflce.
AUTOMOBILE repairing a epecialty at An-
drews, Keenan & Blasauf.81 City Hair ave.
TOURING car, " Al "condition, for eale cheap.
Box 4713. Call ; office. . . . ..;... .-;..:..
BALM OF nO3. V
POSITIVELY cures all' dise'ases of women;
tumors and: cancer; 1 recommended by phy-
siclaiis. Local office 804 Larkln at... . .
¦ »OAM)DfO rO» OMUgBM.
! ONE child wanted . to ' board with old lady
; 12 Ninth street.
WANTED — Child to take- care of; good home ;^
large garden; finest care. Call 238 13th st. '
.-. j 1 . W •
AN educated, refined lady will car« for a small
- child at her home; best of references. Box
4578, Call office. ;
A -MOTHER'S care to child; $10 month; near
.-, school. 24(1 ; Taylor ; - phone Folsom 2987. ;
COLORED lady would like to board a small
child; good home.,- Address 1021 % Clay st.
A GOOD home for children. 2028 Buena Vista
: ave., , Alameda. , ¦
ONE or two children boarded ; would room
|. parents. 542 Jessie St.. ¦ ¦ . -.. .
CLOTHOTQ BEKOVATINQ. V
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
. dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 4ft);
I phone Drumm 44. - Call j for and deliver | free.
' *"***^^^ — ™— — "*"^— — *—^ —^— *™— ™—^™— —^
\ BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mt.de;
city or country- Paclflo Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 0-10. Tel. \ Main 6380.
I . ' — — ¦^My '
! -- ' : .
¦10% NET INCOME. PAYABLE MONTHLY IN
ADVANCE '. . ,
. *'.. Strictly . modern • - two-story- '¦ building - on j
northeast corner, . 1 one ¦ block ¦ from San '
, Pablo ave.*. and few. minutes to City Hall; a
j gold ¦ bond Investment; $13,000; can borrow
about $8000; title guaranteed. . ¦•-
HARRY L. HOLCOMB. . (
314 San Pablo ave.. Oakland, Cal.
II . ¦....'... ' ' 1
LADY or gentleman: , capital ' $200 to ¦ $1000:
¦ quick, caeh -returns; .'legitimate: profitable. '
, pleasant. P. O. box .424, Oakland.- Cal. '¦
Inclose ad. . /•".. •,'¦;.,:
WANTED— Party to Invest $400; quick, legltl-
•". mate .: deal;." Investment .guaranteed;- profits
*100 per month. " p." O." box 424, Oakland, Cal.
•; .Inclose ad. ¦..-„¦¦¦ \'.\ ¦ '..' ¦'¦".•, ..-/ - • ' .- .•*"
i RESPONSini^E .; man wants $150; r will pay
¦"20 per cent Interest;; gilt edge real 'estate
* - security; first' mortgage; or deed - of - trust.
Box lisr.. Call office, Oakland. . .
BEST, opportunity for a small investment .in
:• -Oakland; just the thing for a good live man.
Caller write" R. :P. McDOLE,;141 Oakland
:, ave.. Oakland.. '. = ' -">•¦•¦- .-. '...' . :,-.-¦ - ( /.\"
PARTNER with about $800 wanted to establish
> express business in connection' with '< coal and
• -'..Vrooil business.'; 942.Geary st.;-,-. . " . v
' GROCERY - store, stock and fixtures,' horse 'and
¦";¦ : - wagon ; ¦¦ good business ; • large > route. ;* Inquire
.: : y'l210jSan Pablo Jave.r. Oakland. •;
AN I established 1 business I for sale : .. a ' safe in-
',.> vestment lati man , and * wif e."j«; Box 4607,v Cal|. :
PARTNER ' wanted : cash" business ; i (80 month ;
IH, small cash required. <; BROWN,'. 23 Mason' »t.
' SALOON ' license, - $240, Vand * grocery? and * bar
. license.* $450.. «. 1007V*; Market st. : - / :
VsWANTED-^Smairvinilllnery.t business 'or" half
..>': interest?,. with ? dressmaking. Box : 4650, [ Call.
$3 500 — DELICATESSEN ; , J large ¦ stocV; * flrst-
: .«h clasi fixtures ; trial ; given. :, Box 4581, Call.*;?
$2C0-^-CORNER i cigar ' 'stand : >*A1 ". location ; '¦ good
;;.: stock : and : trade. ;: 1007 H "• Market ' st.;.
CIGAR v stand ~; for 4 sale ; ' cheap.'; •' Inquire "427 '
? ¦• Taylor %XT^^SSs3SiSSSS8^B^S^t^£^t?»i
: FOR I eale-^-Palntlng 'and I decorating \ business : I
¦-^growinar town.:A.Weber.P.O.boxl51,MlllValley
'• SAI-OON I and :* grocery ?f or * sale '-cor.i Fifteenth
U, ava • and ¦ Q 1 st.> south : established ; 15 : years.".' , •
\ WANTED^ A, - laundry .'•'route. '.'¦;¦ Bpx 3648.; Call.'
.MUST/sell; !candy:and, notlonistorer 3 living
i f »roorns;, reasonable offer accepted.; 320 Seventh.
$1400— SALOON .1 on Broadway.' 'Apply i to > W.
V j Si HARLOWJ & CO.y 950 Broadway. Oakland.-;
;100 iLfJTS ) f ree-^-Appllcants ! sending J stamp : will
> : receive ; deed : of.; lot,; size 1 25x100 feet,"- Suburb^
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S'M ? TS
OAgLATO SEAL ESTATE. .
-THIS "SHOWS HOW .LOTS SELL. >
, In the Saota Fe Tracts, on the Key Route.
There is no boom here, but homeseekers
ft cm San Francisco and elsewhere, seeking to
rave rents, are steadily securing these fine
building locations, from which San Francisco.
Oakland and the University of California are
quickly reached. Many buyers are building
homee.
SANTA FE TRACT NO. 1— '| ,€s^i
56 lots. All sold. .
SANTA FE TRACT NO. 2—
170 lots. Only 8 lots unsold.
SANTA FE TRACT NO. 3—
25 lots. Only 3 lots unsold.
SANTA FE TRACT NO. 4 —
83 lots. Only 37 lots unsold. '
SANTA FE TRACT NO. 6—
206 lots. Sale just begun. One-fourth of
the lota sold. •.
The new home center; right on the Key
route and S. P. local. a *
Quick tripe to and from San Francisco. .
Five-cent Fare.
Large lots, 40x133: $600. to $800 and upward:
cne-ftf th cash ; balance " In easy monthly
payments; close to stations; mild climate;
flowers all the year; beautiful view; street
work all complete; including sidewalks, at
no ccst to buyers.
1 fcPGr 1
<C <fWf 6. V bl
5 fB^ 1 - 1 . t ¦ k,
i */Mu *"*crs' I M
28 to 30 minutes to San Francisco.
Send costal for maps, -rices and pictures of
beautiful homes. ; y
I :-M, ? t "m^ ¦ : ''
OFFICE ON THE TRACT. OPEN EVERY
I DAY.
i FROM BAN FRANCISCO TAKE KEY
ROUTE TO LORIN STATION. SIXTY-
* THIRD ST.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT. Inc..
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAND. Tel. Main 147.
San Francisco Agent. ALEX MACKIE,
321 MARKET ST. • '
$2300 — NEW 4-room cottage; lot 50x130; choice
I fruit and flowers; 300-foot well. . v
I j-'jw — Beautiful 5-room . cottage; . perfect
I condition; well built; street work all done;
j walking distance to town; sunny exposure;
' bargain.
$lb00 — 7-room high bs&ement cottage; easily
' changed to two flats that .would pay 15 per
cent on investment; sunny exposure; near
'¦ town.
$250 — 50-foot lot on Magnolia, near car line.
: $5000 — 12-room house on Albion st. ; house
' alone cost over $6500: lot 50x145; fine barn
I and a bargain at $0000.
£350 for three lots on Allendale ave., near
! Redwood road.
F. F. PORTER, 466 Eighth st.
$2550— BRAND new cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
all modern in every respect; fine basement;
larze lot. 28x150 feet; built by day's wages
and not by contract: best built cottage in
Oakland; please investigate it; In fine local-
ity; only one block to Grove Bt. • and Tele-
sraph ave. and fifteen minutes' ride to the
State University; easy payments. ' For In-
formation please call on
i GEO. H. VOSE, owner. 972 B'way. Oakland.
n FOR sale — $2S00; .corner lot, -133x100; near
Key Route; San Pablo ave. EDWIN SUTH-
ERLAND, corner Thirty-fourth and Peralta
ets., Oakland. .
I BARGAIN — Beautiful 7-r. home In Piedmont:
j fine neighborhood; good, location; near car
' line: will sell cheap: must be seen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS. 675 36th st.
HOMES. HOMES. ~~ HOMES.
i Foi homes near the Key route, se# . the
LANE CO.. San Pablo ave., Key route.Oakland
; OAKLAND BOOMS WANTED.
i WANTS 2 ronmu for light housekeeping. Ad-
drewg 131« Klghth ave.. East Oakland. -
OAKEAHP BOOMS TO LET.
SUNNY, furnished rooms; modern house:
j strictly private: beautiful location. 167
! Eleventh St.. Oakland. -
, FURNISHED rooms, with or without board.
J 617 Hobart St.. Oakland.
FURNISHED rooms; sunny, light and airy.
1412 East Ninth St. East Oakland.
JPQBJb'axe.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains lnTTurnn
tare. H. Scbelhaas. 11th «t..cor.»tore. Oakland
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
i ' "•-"' " *¦' " " - ' "
I 1OT.I. VAIIIT aiiAE B9i«>TT!.
$300— $30 CAEH— BALANCE $10 MONTHLY
beys a big lot in the only . tract In popular
Mill Valley where lots can be bought on
such easy terms; within a stone's throw from
the station: on graded streets; water mains
Uld; grand redwood and madrone trees;
, thousands of dollars have been spent on im-
provements; many artistic and expensive
' , homes have been erected." -
I 128 LOTS SOLD -UP TO DATE.
I Agents on the ground Sundays. Send for
illustrated booklet.
¦ LYON t HOAG,
• ,Y. . 116 Montgomery st.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
! SIMPSON ¦ Memorial Methodist' Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Preaching by the pastor, - Rev. James H. N.
Williams, at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.. m.- Morn-
Ing subject, "The Supreme Discovery": even-
ing theme, "Unassailable Things." All eeats
free. .High-class music by large chorus choir
under direction of Professor Blake.
AT Trinity M. E.* Church, cor.- Sixteenth^ and
Market sts., (he pastor. Rev.' C. -W.. Warner,
will- speak to-night on , the movement for
. higher license and Us results.'
CENTRAL M. v E. Church, . Mission et-7 ' bet.
1 RixjLh > and Seventh — Tho pastor, , Dr. George
' \V. . White, will preach at both morning and
evening: sen-iocs. Sunday-School at- 12:45,
. Kolla V. Watt, • superintendent. .Young Peo-
ples' meeting at : 8:15. -Good music Seats
free. All welcome.*
CALIFORNIA-street Methodist Church, corner
California ; and Broderlck sts. — The ' - pastor
Rev. George A. Hough, will ' preach at : 11
I .o'clock and at. 7:30: to-day. 'Morning theme,
j "The Light of ; the '.World'; ; evening, •'Tam-
I ins the Tongue.". ;Mlfs:HeIene. Nielsen,*, who
. % has recently returned from studying abroad,
will sing at.both*servlces.' ; All are Invited.'
TRINITY Presbyterian Church, corner TWenty-
. third and Carp 'sts.-^Pastor.. R«v. ; Edward
K. Strong. . Public services at • 11 , al' m. and
7:30 p. m. Bible school at ( 12:30 p. m.' En-
deavor Society at " 6 :30 p. m. . Evening sub-
ject, ; VJohn. Mhe Preacher of Righteousness "
i-trangers welcome at all nen'lcej, ,r . ; ¦"¦.'¦'
CALVARY Presbyterian" Church, corner Jack-
son and Flllmore sts.— Rev. John ' Hemphlll.
D. D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock-
sermon topic. "The Second 'Adam.'!; Even-
ing service at 4 7:30 o'clock.- There will be a
praise service with short address " to younjt
men. . especially to Calvary , Cadets. '¦;¦¦ The
pastor i will - preach - at v both services • Sab-
. bath, school at; 8:30- a.' m.-. Christian En-
deavor meeting at l 0:30, p. m.- Prayer meet-
(Jng, Wednesday » evening at?8.o'clock All
are cordially invited. •
FIRST ' Presbyterian : Church,' Van 'Ness - ave.
and 'Sacramento ;ist;—^Rev. r*- William' 'Kirk
¦-¦¦-¦ Gutbrie, < pastor. \\ Services > a t '¦ 1 1 '¦ a: \ na.":. and
.7:30 p. m..: 1 The' pastor, will preach. at. both
¦ cervices. Sabbath r school at : 0:40- a.^>m.
,-';;'. Christian ) Endeavor. . 5 :30 ,* p.' • m.?s and ' 6 :30
>c»'.p.'i «.¦¦". Wednesday,. S p.'m..' midweek service.
All cordially Invited.THE SAN ] FRANGISGOsGALI^gSUNDAY, ; OCTOBER 3 30/ ci904:
43
I VireiiO'gMEyT, WASTED—^remala--Con
•DRESSMAKER,^ good \- cutter. * fitter '* and' X &*"'
~ signer. % wishes 'a * few 'more , engagements > by;
. ",the day.'- 2845A Mission st.;. ! tel. Church 6531.
: AN J experienced nurse wishes care of. invalid |
or '.chronic case; -city . references. . Call? or
- address x . 1407 Van .. Ness J ave. ; phone ' Sutter
¦' 343^- v-' • ' -'-.' : -''"* -''<-¦'.'-'"¦' - ; v ' -".-¦.¦- '-"::.•
¦ YOUNG '• lady t stenographer : wishes " position."'
- Address j box ; 4620. -- Calirofflce/ - .
, 'A:-WOMAN'would like 'plain sewing at home."
¦^31. Harriet ,«t-;. ••.¦..-;'•¦:•--¦¦-¦...-.¦¦'¦.•--¦:• -: ;
WANTED — A position in" a candy store. Call
or write, 3S4 Fourth st , < ¦ ,[
•A 1 ' FIRST- CLA SS I laundress takes - washing
home. Phons Page 7931.' -
A „ NEAT, -intelligent. *~middle-aged ; woman
- withes general , work ; ; small ¦ family; ' good
plain cook;city or close vicinity; wages $18.
I Box 4632. Call offlce. ,--;.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a position in a
¦ private family; wage* $30; references. Box
4633. Call offlce. - •; -¦,-- .-;.¦ -..¦ . :.- ¦>¦" . .- ,
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place tQ do general
.housework. 2C31 Nineteenth at. . -.; ¦ r ;•. .
¦ ... , ' • - $
COMPETENT woman wants position as house-
. keepnr. Box 379S, Call of floe.
COLORED woman" will : go out cooking from
0 to 7. 1074. Clay st. ....'-.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress would like work by
the day; will do cleaning. Address H. H.,
; 610 Fol»om «t. ¦ ¦/' : '¦ -'- •.-« -.-
REFINED lady wants position as housekeeper
' In respectable family or for widower; city or
Oakland. Box 4028. Call- offlce. ', V . -;' -. ¦¦
DRESSMAKER would like a steady position
in private family: first-class in every partic-
ular. Box 4629. Call offlce. - ; r\ - . .
GERMAN woman P wanta I washing and . house
cleaning by the day... Please call 280 Harriet
¦ st.; rear.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman . wishe* posi-
tion as housekeeper; no lncumbrance; small
.wages; in country.- 31!) Minna st, near 4th.'
MIDDLE-AGED lady 'wants to. keep house for
small family; good ' seamstress. 113V*i Gil-
:.; bert st, ......'.; . ... " : ,¦.;. '"¦ . ",. .'.; ;•. . ,
WANTED— Work . by day, washing ' or house
cleaning; $150 and carfare. MRS. OS-
, GOOD, 115 Hayes st. ,_ . . .
CAPABLE ladies' nurse would like few. more
engagements; confinements preferred; rwfer-
encea. . Address . 22 Woodward ave.; phone
Church 3154..
YOUNG lady would, like a position . at ' second
work; good . references. Address box 4696,
Call offlce. : ..:.•> ¦
: RESPECTABLE - lady, good cook, wishes posl-
1 tion as housekeeper or cook for men, . city
or country. . Call 369 First street, coiner
Harrison. ' ." _
LADY wishes work as ' ladles' nurse, /city or
, country- MRS. RICKMANN. 105 Eighth st
¦ DRESSMAKER; experienced, desires - a few
; more engagements by the day. Phone Sutter
.. '"933. ¦ .• •'-' ... :. ;¦ ' ;_ ¦¦ .-. • . :
RELIABLE 'woman would like few famlliea'
washing, chamber work or cleaning by day.
4S8 Geary; uhone, Brown 32..
SITUATION wanted as a tailoress. 275 Church
street. . ... - - . ¦»•¦ *•• ¦ •• --
A COMPETENT girl wishes the care of one or
two children: wages $25 to $30; good refer-
ences. Box 40ra, Call offlce. v
j YOUNG woman wants work by the day; $1 60
and carfare. S623. Nineteenth st. . ,
' VAN ' NES3,--> 1407— Position as caretaker of
roomlngr-houee • by a • wjdow. .
; YOUNG German clrl '¦ wants position to do
general housework, plain cooking or upstairs
work; wages $20.' , Box 4678, Call ; offlce.
1 i NORTH German governess, middle-aged, like
care of children and plain sewing, make her-
self useful; reasonable; ref s. ; city or country.
' , short distance. ¦ Box 4660, Call offlce.
A YOUNG lady wishes a position as cashier.
Apply 612 Kearny st.
• WANTED— By competent woman, position as
¦ cook and downstairs work.' .Box 4659, Call.
A; FIRST-CLASS seamstress "wUhea work '"by
the day. Box,4671, Call office.
DEMONSTRATOR; flrst-class; can give best
' ' of references. Address box 4675. Call offlce.
EASTERN- woman. 35 years old, would like
place as housekeeper in or., near San Jose.
| Address box 1484. Call office,' Oakland.
EXPERIENCED hand wishes position making
- buttonholes and finishing pants and vesta
. Room _8. 1054 Broadway, Oakland.
GERMAN woman, % plain cook and housework,
® beet references, wants place. CAL. EMP
. AGENCY, 13 Third at ; phone Bush 405.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a situation
-; as a houtekeeper. Box 4676, Call offlce.
A LADY wishes washing t and ' housework by
the day.' 85A Ccnverse st.
WANTED— Position 1 as lady's maid • or take
care of grown children. . Phone Larkln 1160.
COMPETENT.** reflned woman wants position
aa lady's companion. Box 4B76, Calfofflce.
SITUATION.; wanted by German girl as nurse
; i Box 4061. Call office. - . :
SITU AT1QN wanted as ! cook or light house-
work;, across bay preferred.' ' 1100 Powell st
A YOUNG woman : wants to work out by day
Box 4(539. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, young" lady, de-
, sires position; $40. v Box 4638. Call, of flee.
EXPERIENCED nurse will engage by week or
.. month 5 to care for : Infant v at - 1 ts own home.
\-Call-1441 Sacramento st.V city. •
A "¦ FIRST-CLASS laundress (colored) 1 wants
-washing to do at home. MRS. A. MORROW
,2328 Greenwich st . .
Aj NURSE In -chronic cases wijl 'engage- by
day. or .week. ''Call; 1441 Sacramento st? -v- : *
WOMAN .wishes to- wash, by the day. 342
Minna sf, : , ,S '¦
COMPETENT nurse wlrhes engagements." con-
. ;flr.ements, .invalids.", cheerful, •¦ painstaking
relUble: references; moderate terms MRS
KING, 1159 Turk St. ;.. . . v • *^\
DRESSMAKING Jln-Jamiflegi by V fashionable
i dressmaker; • city . references; terms J2 M
MRS. ; F. , H. JOHNSTON. 904 - Geary - st '•
1 . .phono Larlitn 1471. i, i , . -• - - ¦'. , ., , ¦'¦'
GOVERNESS,^ well educated, speaks German
"/ good; pianist, best of references as to charac-
; ;. ter, wants a. situation.'* Box 4657, Call. *. :- '
B1*ENOGRAPHER • and s typewriter,'; now with
. ¦:.; large house, : flve ; years' exp'eri-
. ;ence,'! desires -to 'change : positions Address
: --M. S.,'; box ,4724," Call. -¦'}.-
SITUATION "wanted . aV competent stenog-
rapher... Box 4582, Call. '
'DRESSMAKER,?- coat ? and '* suit ? maker* * ladles' '
- .»¦ ' tailoring, V cutting ;' and ':; fitting -: done : at my
" : home ; ;. engagements I by ? the ;; day ; '; flrst-class
\;u work. ;; 550 ; Stevenson • st., ; near,; Seventh.*' ' <
1 W ANTED-^-PcsltionYas » cashier* in "restaurant •
V. ¦ best; of; references.',^; Box; 4719, ;,CalL ,;. '
L SITUATION,'^ wanted ' r by^ competent and - re-
I V'i liable jWoman to. do housework .'with 'an; aged
.couple; city or country. '.Address 668 Seventh
, M..-'.0ak!and.^;J3gggg^gj(Bgg«^.;, < :,. -.•.,,
\ REFINED, "Xinerican* lady "desires" position : 'of
': » trust, * housekeeper/ ¦ care ? of i children. "¦ nurse
. c',i«JrJ companion f for.?. Invalid:: city ;or;country
"" s .no ' objection "'to '.traveling, i Apply -loio V4
;• '^Washington' gf, ¦ room 3,\Oakland,- Cal. r, \ ;;;•"
woman 1 wants! position- as keneral
» helper. .^1836', Callfornlafst'; -.",•. -v '
¦: GIRL"', wants"; work ; in ."candy "store/ r? Box 1 4020
• CalTofflce;; v-,.' ,.¦';¦"_ ;.!;;'. r- ;..'..-..; '., '.¦.::¦..•. ¦¦-- '¦
'. ..YOUNG i woman";' withTref ereiic'es • wants ; houBe"-
Vcleanlng 'by; ; ;the day;i*l,6«;and car fare
. ,i.;> 760: McAllister tst.'v basement. -:>-^-; .--, -*-.
r-YOUNG;lady* wishes position;' as' housekeeper ¦
i tnnlllrulr(Kim;il'-1«a ftl»th«t. .-'. ,-• '
SMPTjOTMSlTr .WAJ Till)— Male— -Con, j
YOUNG married ; man. thoroughly competent ,
bookkeeper, "credit roan," correspondent 'or I
. offlce manager, wants situation. Box 4619. j
Call Tof flee. . - ". ¦'- v ; , {
SWISS, 22. , speaking! German. 'French and
", English. : wants situation in city or counuy.
. Afldress J OE, WICK Y,. 775 Bush st. ,
MECHANICALLY ! inclined '» young man ! wants
. to locate with firm doing contracting or man-
ufacturing business; has had good experience
¦ with , steam and hydraulic machinery. Box
? 4246. Call offlce. . , :.- ¦ .
CARPENTER wants work by Job. Address"
Carpenter. 1920 Market st •
MECHANICAL : draughtsman wants work at
home. .¦ Box 4631. Call ' offlce.
WANTED— Situation aa receiving clerk or
• , warehouse man by competent * middle-aged
married man. Box 4596. Call office.
A BOY. 14 years old. wishes a , steady Job.
3136 Pierce st
SITUATION wanted aa traveling salesman foi
specialty; 6 years' experience; best of refer-
enys. Box 4592. Call , office.
PLUMBER wants position; city or country.
-, Box 4627. Call office.
COLLECTOR, beat "of references, wants posi-
tloft. Box 4590. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by young man as collector
or assistant bookkeeper. Box 3337. Call.
WANTED— A plac* as porter or packer In a
wholesale house; city references. Box 4579.
Call office.
WOODWORKER. \ acquainted with drawings,
. band and circular saws and planers; expert
' pattern-maker and r wood turner. FARQU-
HAR. 49 Eighth sf- \ :¦„
CARPENTER (non-union), can plan building,
, wants work. Box 4665, Call office'.
"COLORED TRIO," piano, mandolin and cello:
flrst-class music ' furnished for dancing or
entertainments. Address 015 Seventh- st,
Oakland. .. -
POSITION by man and wif* to take charge
of Janitor work in small offlce building,
lodgerooms or store. Box 4441, Call offlce.
A RELIABLE young man, 24, wishes a po-
sition; accustomed to working - around en- I
glnes and pip* work; best of references. Box
4580, Call offlce. '
WANTED — Position by printer; display, and
, stone hand. Address box 4713. Call office.
BOY wants a place In hardware store. W., box
4716, Call offlc*-.
YOUNG man, experienc«d salesman, wants a
position in mercantile house, either city or
traveling. Box 4035, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position by competent bookkeeper.
Box 1477. Call offlce. . •
ENGINEER wants position in irrigation plant;
can handle steam or electric machinery. Box
4655. Call offlce.
WANTED— By a first-class, reliable, married
farmer, a position as working- foreman on a
small stock, grain or fruit ranch; under-
- stands ranch work In all Its branches; thor-
oughly capable of taking full charge. Ad-
dress Farmer, box 4037, Call offlce.
A YOUNG boy ' wishes to learn the plumbing
; trade. Apply at 415 Natoma-st .
SITUATION wanted by experienced furni-
ture packer. W. WILSON. 1178B Harrison st
YOUNO man, 25 yean, wishes position of any
kind; not afraid of work; city or country.
I Address box 1478. Call offlce, Oakland.
GOOD faithful Japanese couple want house-
work and cooking; wages expected. $40; boara
themselves. Box 7269. Call offlce. •'
SAY, I'm your man If you want a sober, In-
dustrious, middle-aged, married man as
watchman, choreman or man to carry sign.
Box 4699. Call . offlce. ' .
POSITION by 'experienced proofreader; union.
- Box 46S)?. Call.
\ FIRST-CLASS sketch artist wanta position.
Box 4670, Cull. ,
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper; references.
Box 4664, Call.
SITUATION as foreman on ranch. O. ROLE,
84 Perry st.
WANTED— Situation as' foreman on ranch.
Box .4038. .Call.
YOUNG man desires a position aa collector,
clerk or watchman, or any position of trust;
strictly temperate; no gambler; can place
$1000 a<! security. Address for one week,
box 4683. Call.
CARPENTER desires work by contract Box
4684. Call.
EXPERIENCED watchmaker, German, speaks
little English, with tools, wishes position.
Box 4677, Call.
FIRST-CLASS mining camp cook' wants sit-
uation; used to handling large camps. E.
L. J.. 159. Silver »t
STRONG young man, not afraid of hard work,
desires a steady position; can furnish best
city references; no salary objection. Box
.4672, Call.
FIRST-CLASS Germar. carpenter and cabinet-
maker wanta work by contract or by the
day. CHARLES FRETCHE, box 10. Allen-
dale. Cal.
BOY. with one year's experience, wishes posi-
3 tlon In horseshoeing shop as apprentice. Ad-
dress 447 Seventh st" .
WANTED — Position .with flrst-class firm as
traveling salesman; best of references. Ap-
ply. E. J. S., Rum Hotel. .,
EXPERIENCED cutter and fitter on ladies'*
garments, also 'good on alterations in cloak
department desires situation. Address I. C,
778 Harrison st, Oakland.
WANTED— Work by first-class paper hanger,
painter, and tlnter. < by day or contract; tools
furnished. Box 4673. Call offlce.
A RELIABLE man ' want* position as -night
> .watchman; references. . I. B., 756 Folsom st.
YOUNG man, handy with tools,* want* position,
city or country; references. Box 4637, Call.
BOY wants -position to do errands. 137 Third
YOUNG man, 21, desires 1 employment of any
; kind. Box 4Q41, < Call office. ;
WELL acquainted - business- . man desires a ' fn>-
sl tlon a3 salesman, manager . and collector
;«1th a responsible, house. Box 4040, Call.
: YOUNG man wants position as clerk In store
Box 45S3. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED ; book canvasser desires con-
- nectlcn'.wltb'reputable publishing house; best
;' of ; references. v- Box 4660.' Call office.-.-
AN all around candy-maker wishes a position'
" . J.: E.- JOHNSON." 816 . Lyon st. y "¦;
A'BOY 14 years old withes steady work." Ad-
dress 3136 Pierce st - ;
YOUNG man "(24). Just; arrived from the East
' wishes position affording chance for advance-
¦ excellent , references. r Box 4658, Call.
"YOUNG .man, ? well ', educated, = accurate and re-
; x liable, % with . knowledge I of. bookkeeping and
. business* experience . wants position- refer-
'-;-. ences. : ; Box 3766. Call offlc*. M
MANAGER, salesman and clerk .wishes steady
j-;. position; • best of references , and experience:
also well acquainted In city , and can draw
,.;tradee Box 13991.;' Call office. '
STEADY, '^reliable German,' experienced In
'- wholesale and retail wine and liquor business
: wishes position. ¦ Address H; ENGEL. ' U67 t
Turk st. SSHBMMMnl j
YOUNG .'married ;: man, .steady, and reliable, '
¦ .wishes ; position I as , shipping clerk.* Box 3763. I
..Call offlce. : ' -.; t - - j
BARTENDER J wishes i to get : more experience
In first-class bar; wagas no object: good city -
! 'Preferences.- Box 3775. Call. nffl«-«.
EMPI.O YTtTENT WAITED— female— Con
YOUNG./? healthy > vwetmirse "=> would *r like . to
-nurse an infant; best of references. Address
;. t box '4605. ; Call. -, -.:« " . ,.'":!
FLANNELS - washed . without shrinking; : cur-"
.': tains ¦ laundered, 35c up. ¦ 26 Dore st. ; . phone
V FolBom* 929. ¦ . • : 1 > 'U •
WANTED — Position i In a candy factory. Ad-
dress E. T., 342 Austin ave.
A THOROUGHLY competent woman will take
'charge of household if or those doing co-oper-
ative housekeeping, or for two or more bach-
elors, or of rooming or boarding house; refer- !
' ences 'exchanged. :; Box; 3993, Call* offlc*. ; ¦
A YOUNG woman.' capable and willing, wishes
to do good family cooking by the day; wages
$7 50 per week. " ¦ Box 3697. Call office. - ;^ ..?
YOUNG . woman wants situation to do , general
'¦ . housework and plain cooking. Address 2870V*
.' Twenty-second sf .¦•;¦'¦ ' : •¦.<'-. : ."¦.-*.-'; -:--|
AN elderly, lady, wishes a position .on. ranch to"
care for grown, children; will give good Ger-
-.- man Instruction. Box 3783. Call offlce.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position In
: law firm. "Box 3627. Call offlce. .; j
WANTED — Plain sewing to do at* horn*. • An- !
¦ swer box 3769, Call offlce. . ¦ : . "
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like position as
: cook in private family where other . help Is
; kept; understands German cooking- Box 3640,
' Call offlce. ; * .-. ¦;¦
FRENCH couple want situations; wife capable
-to ; teach - French ' or housework and husband :
"generally- useful all ¦ around ;»¦ best of refer-
. ences;, city or -country. Box 4301.: Call.
NICE appearing young lady, . highest refer-
ences, wishes - a position ¦ as . reception lady
V In photographer's; small salary, to start
Address box 4385. .Call office.,; ;
RELIABLE woman wants cooking and down-
- stain; - work or light housework ;- carfare.
1 Myrtle ave.. off Larkln st, near : Geary.
A YOUNG colored girl would like a position
'as nursegirl or to do upstairs work; best of
references. Apply 1006 Clay at. '
WANTED— Work In country; not too far; un-
derstands, cooking on ranch: wages $30.
Cali 237 Minna st. .bet Third and Fourth.
YOUNO woman would Ilk* sto have washing
and mending to tak*: home. 713% Minna
-.'¦ - ! st.: near Eighth. r -;\ ,. ; ! '. /. .;
A YOUNG woman with a baby would like to
work In small family; reasonable wages. Ad-
: dress 670 Harrison st .. '• '
WETNURSE wants place; references. MR3.
B.y 140CB Paclflc st. ¦ . -'
WANTED— Housework. 651 Stevenson st
WANTED — A position as working housekeeper.
52S Hyde st. ... : ' . ¦.-•-.
YOUNG girl , wishes position "i at second work
or waiting. ' Box 3635, Call offlce. -
NURSE wants care of invalid by : the month.
Box 3928. Call' office.
A CAPABLE woman wishes cooking and some
work; $25-$30, carfare. Box S605, Call offlc*.
A JAPANESE? lady wants a situation as cook
i and housework. - Address MRS. MASAKI..1S
Lewis place. , ",
JAPANESE, first-class family laundress, wanti
Job. T. NCGUCHI. 3500 Twenty-third »tw
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
¦ Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan A Church sts.
WANT ads : and subscriptions taken for Th*
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
EMPI.0 YMEgT WAHrrSD— MALE.
YOUNG man, graduate from Heald'* Business
College, wants position; had experience book-
¦ keeping and , collecting ; can . furnish ref er-
ences; willing to start " on small salary If
necessary. J. C. S., 448 Preaidlo ave.
SITUATION wanted as clothing salesman;
best of references., 1185 Market st
WANTED— Situation as watchmaker.-. 1185
Market st. , ¦ - . :
~ .-- ¦ . . »
YOUNG man wants to learn harness making.
. 604 Dolores st .
WANTED— A* position as machinist 49 Che».
ley street. .
TWO younar men would like emoloyment Of
any kind. Box 3fll8, Call offlce.
A DRIVER, well acquainted with the city,
desires a position. W. E. K., 455 Minna
street.
YOUNG married man wants Dosltton as as-
sistant . bookkeeper , with some firm where
there Is a chance for promotion; can. furnish
pood reference as to ability and character.
Box 3U24, Call offlce. | .*'.i»-^r-.:. * .s •
MALE . bookkeer>er , wishes position; steady
i habits and trustworthy; Al references. Ad-
dress 807 Grove street.
ADVERTISING man, buyer and salesman (31).
married, seeks responsible position with de-
partment ..store, < individual . line, manufac-
. turer, < newsoaper ¦ or hotel ; city . or, country;
where big . otmortunity - is offered to wlde-
!-... awake man. EMIL HELD, 298 Laguna st.
A BARTENDER wants a Job. 1035 Market
street. . .. . : : . :
BARTENDER.' middJe-aged, single, wishes a
¦-. . light-position; .town or country J or extra.
Bartender, 9S9 • Howard < street.
BARBER . wanta position in country. 623 Clay
'street.'....,.. «...-. r.: - ¦ ; ¦ ••-:.: .-,- ..
COOK wafiSB- position; good references; wages
.reasonable.. 621;, SaMfeome it. \ .'
BOY wants a position.' Box 3782, Call office. ' '
"CLERK WANTS A ¦ POSITION.
671- McAllister St
0 '. ¦ - •
SONG writers and poeti: a successful song will
-make- you ; rich; ¦ we -write music - to -your
words; :¦ complete • and arrange' compositions.
_\ Wainwrlght. Music Co. '.84 Adams st.. Chicago.
-YOUNG ;': man .! with * : 10 i years' .^ experience ?* in"
!'.v hardware business desires position; can give
;'' unquestionable' reference and recommendation
; Box; 4623,{Call;oface.. ; >; ,.;>., } ' ' "V- "
YOUNG Japanese ! schoolboy, wishes place; can
; speak English. ;i I.: HIRANO. 695 Lombard rti
JAPANESE boy" wants T position 'at store.' of-
fice." apartment, or.» night watch in morning
.: .cr:msht.' ,,OEORGEriWATA.\110 Taylor »t.
CHINESE first-class • family, cook; . $35, $40;
;.,clty. •: Call ¦.WON," 827V4 Washington . at.
,WANTED— Byj young: 4 man.'.* 22 lyears :old, -a
"position -as elevator ."conductor, v JOHN : W;
,;: ROBERTS, illO.Fourth st ' - -
JAPANESE'boy/wantst'any kind of work; In
. ' ,' hotel' or cf flee. ; ; GEO, ,D.,Y.,, box 4013, Call.
JAPANESE ; good v boy "wants .' situation ?. to : do
' housework; -In": city .• or i country. FRANK
-. Y.: O.', ( box 3799, ..Call ; office. . : ». ;\ v
A ' position V as : ai barkeeper.": ' Box
V/.4G11;' Call; offlce^;-^ * .-.; ; : / ' \ ;-;
.AVANTED^-Positlon ,by , man and ' wife ; ""cooks;
- thoroughly, competent; hotel.' camp or. board-!
Ing house. Vj; Box ¦ 4621.- Call office.- ¦ 1 •_..:., v>r ''
A* GERMANS middle-aged :/ and. 'single man
- : wishes a situation, as clerk ' ln.'grocery -and
r. .barroom; •'. good t references.' W. - BOHLING.
¦;^417 1 Kearny. st."t ¦::¦'*.'¦'¦;. k'^j i m '-/ '.\-?-\^ ,'~ ••"
.YOUNG! man wants to learn blacksmith trad**
. ". 1115 ¦ Howard ) street. \TJX«&g?j^2gi&KJgjMgg<i
i SCHOOLBOY, wishes posltlon'on Saturday. Box
v 4016, - Call { offlce. ;v ; : \ - ; ¦' . < , ;
BOOKKEEPER I with, evenings at « disposal.' de-
*,-*¦ sires t? clerical .; .; work \* of * any " nature. -. " r Ad-"
]'l dress -boxi 4616," Call-'offlce.%. J. ¦>: ¦¦;,-.- ; ; '/ - ;"'
'.YOUNG -' man > wants work in "••"Boxi
; ; ¦'«tOf,r!«n ! ;«ffleo.; ."',¦ ..- .,_•;. /-: .; ¦ ; ¦ ¦
r.opQnrcr-HOTrsxs pob saxe—coh.
Pnone Jchn MI.
H. C. DECKER, 90»S Market; Hotel Broker.
Rooming houses fn.m U to 200. rooms.
lodging houses from t> to 300 rooms.
Apartment houses frctn 18 to 350 rooms.
Flats from 4 to lt> rooms.
Hotels, city and country, from 25 to 280
I aeU and exchange all kinds of prooerty.
H. C. DECKKll. Hotel Broker. 006 Market *t
C. B. HTNKLKY, PHONE MINT 79<L
1020 MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTH.
FORMER PATRONS MY BEST REFERENCE
SATISFACTION TO ALL.
CLEAR TITLES AND EASY TERMS.
FEW SAMPLES OF OUR MANT BARGAINS: I
«-roorn modern flat rent $20 r ...$275
44 rooms; modern; rent $125; lease $2100
30 rooms: men roomers; rent $90; dtars
$#> *...$I000
3« rooms; one floor: transient $600
25 roorus. north of Market st $750
50 rooms; working men's house ;rent $S0.illOO
:;i rooms. 12 unfurnished; clears $70 .S1C5O
DECIDED BARGAIN — 18 rooms, arranged
1n hous*We*ping rooms; spacious and sunny
rooms: north of Market St.; large yard; it's a
rns.> at $750. with ea*y terms.
Only with H1NKLEY. 1C20 Market st
A BARGAIN if «old thte week — My 10-room
lodjrtag-house: located north of Market st ;
-walking distance from the theaters; fur-
r.lfched in the best of cak furniture and car-
pets: rent $45; my reasons for selling are
?-he very b«?t; price $500. Address Owner,
box I486. Call offlce: no agents.
A — 30-ROOM bay-window s unny Corner; finely
furnished; well established; low rent; long
lease; haJf eash. or will exchange for smaller
house; location excellent: no agent's com-
mlsslon. Box 3638, Call. - ?
LIST cf great bargains, from 7 to 200 rooms;
cheap rcntn. To exchange for a : lodging-
house, 377 acres land In Santa Clara County
and 2 Oakland lots. Good paying country
hotels aad road houses. Money loaned on
furniture. Eiui fe Carroll. 212 Kearny st
44-ROOM apartment-bouse; rent $240; building
modern, furniture new; house earns $175 mo.;
will exchange for boarding-house: $3500. bal-
ance <?agy payment*; price $5500.Box 4645.Call
FURNISHXX) bouse for aaie. 7Q0A Howard
street
$300 — 0-ROOM bouse; must be sold In three
days. AppI? between 10 and 4. 282 Turk st
LODGING-IJOUSTS for sale. Apply at cigar
store. 823 Market 8t
«R ROOMS; all full: » bargain. 1007 Larkln
et. cornet Post
FOR sale — 15-room rooming house. Apply 815
O*ary st •
citAiayoTAJTrs. '
AA—BJ^ANCHARD. BLANCHARD.
Th* Ealsest Clairvoyant — Psychic— Mystic
World Eminent Clairvoyant and Spirit
Medium.
SPECIAL FOR A FEW DAYS ONLY.
—READINGS— •
SOo $1 50c $1 50c $1 60c $1 SOc $1 50e $1 50c $1
Always consult the best; why consult an in-
ferior medium when t^e acknowledged leader
of thera all Is here? Gives truthful revela-
tions on all love affairs, troubles, marriages,
£nd by proper advice restores lost affections,
reunite* the separated, settles lovers' quarrels.
tellb you when and whom to marry, and how
to win the man or woman you love, and how
to make your husband and wife be true to you.
and how to overpower all your enemies; gives
full tecret how to costrol and charm any one
you Jove or meet; you are told how to avoid
weakness, warned against all treacherous
friends; over business, speculation, invest-
ment*, lawsuit*, wills, deeds, mortgages, ln-
Furanee, pension claims, patents, changes,
travels, death* missing friends or relatives,
<3f>me»tic troubles, love affairs, or, in fact any-
thing; oonault this man and he.. will tell you
what you may expect and place you in a posi-
tion of jower; his predictions are always cor-
rect and never fall to come true, as thousands
of people will testify.
Blanrhard will positively make no charge for
hi# work unless you are entirely satisfied and
find him superior to any palmist medium or
clalrvoyent Jn the city. m
Without asking a question this wonderfully
g:ftcv man read? your entire life from infancy
to ol.J itge; tells your full name, what you
call'-d for. whom and where you will marry,
giving names, dates, facts and figures.
Blsnchard is world-renowned as the greatest
juJviner u^on business, health, divorce, mar-
riage and personal affair*.
460 GEARY ST.. BETWEEN TAYLOR AND
MASON— PRIVATE FLAT.
HOURS— 10 TO 8 P. M.. DAILY AND SUN-
DAY.
ATTENTION !
¦:'/ PAUL DE3TINT3.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
pnlmlxt ever In San Francisco.
tie is missing from O'Farrell street:
At his offlc* he's cot found:
At nis haunts they shake their beads and
Say they haven't seen him round.
No. be's not among the missing:
Be your souls of i>eac* possessed;
For his long bard work is over.
And he's taking needed rest
Watch this paper for his return. >
I thank you. ray patrons,
1 326 O'Farrell street-328.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third st, next Exam-
iner bldg.; ab« reads your life correctly,
rives an accurate description of th* past re-
veals th* present happening* and portrays
events to occur In the future; If you are tn
trouble, discontented or not satisfied 1 with
life or cave domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be tcld how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice tn ail affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. TeL Black 4569.
A— A— KHIRON, "
GREATEST " LIVING CLAIRVOYANT. AD-
VISER on business, law, love, marriage, di-
vorce, all affairs ; reunites separated, helps
the troubled; tells your full name, what you
called for, whom and when you will marry,
reads your entire life from infancy to old age;
giving names, date*, tacts and figures; re-
stores youth and lost vitality., cures dis-
ease; low fee, 60c. Hours— 10 a. m. to S
2>. ra.. 1031 Market st
KMr. LANGE — Just returned; can give you
ad vie* in your trouble by 'her genuine Egyp-
tian sympathy, palmistry and spiritualism;
possesses the genuine magical magnetic mir-
ror aad crystal reading, which shows the
correct picture cf future , wife or husband ;
never falls; convince yourself: readings. 25o
and up; 10 to 8 o. m.; also Sundays: cures
diseases by her strong sympathy. 46 . 7th st
HEAD on page 24 of the marvelous recovery
of. bealth of Robert S. Yeatet by ISMAR,
the gypsy's, advice.
A— MIfs it. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer aad Ufa reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; rpeclaL $1; hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian Peeress. The Vendeme. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. ¦ Offlce hours — 10
a. ra. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phon* South 1141. '
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant medium, born
with Rouble veil and second sight; tells past
pretest future :•!. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, near Eddy.
. KISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clair.and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc; L. 60c;
G. fl; hours 10 to 0; names. 714 Franklin *t
lfr«.A.H.Kronenberg, palmUt, clairvoyant, card
reader; wh«n others fall try me; readings 25c.
721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.; tel. Larkln 4207.
MADAME C LAVONIA. remarkable scientific
palmist and clairvoyant; 25c this week. : 532
, gt*ven*on st .
MME. PENN will tell you how to be success-
ful and have good luck on : Halloween. 872
Mlssion\st
A — Mme. Ravenna reads Ufe; business advice;
names given; 2Sc up. 8 Ellis tt, near Market
MME. ODEI.L, clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leavee: 25c up. 612 >4 Eddy st; no sign.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing veance to-day
1 o'clock; $1. 10S4 Bush ct
OLDEST lady palintat: ln t the'city; ladles 25c:*
*e nts SOc. 2<t>4 Geary st.. r. 20.
MADAME VONSOR. ' clairvoyant medium,
evening circle*.. 8 o'clock. .ViS Eddy Et.
MME. GABRIEL from the East; palmist' card
reader. 705 Msrk't st. r. 2.- opp.-, P. elan bid.
MISS WARD.' clairvoyant give*. names, . dates
aad facts. The Vendeme, 1104 Market, r. 21.-
{ Earpi.ox-M.ajn? yrAwrgm—maiu—con.
, WANTED— Copying, or addressing envelopes, -.
-folding circulars; fair penman; steady work
j solicited.. Address box 3B20. Call offlce.
[ AN experienced German gardener ">ants po-
sition on. a good private place or ta nursery;
bert of references. Address F. H.. >431 Pine.
CABXNET maker. 20 years' experience, wishes
to obtain steady position In factory or store.
Apply 253 Fell st.
PATTERN maker (machine, and house): capa-
ble of taking charge In a foundry shop. Ad-
dresa FARQfHAR. 43 Eighth st
SOBER. Industrious man (middle-aged), who
can turn his hand to anything, wants work:
wages S20. .Address box 377'J, Call ' of flee.
* 23 T° * ny one who secures me a steady po-
?l tlon «i s bookkeeper or general offlc* work. •
Box 3.>0. Call of flee. '
8ALESMAN, thoroughly experienced domestic
salesman; city or country. Box 3996. Call. t
PRINTER experienced In all branches; expert
proofreader. Box 399O. Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS waiter wants a situation In
hotel or restaurant. Box 3601. Call offlce. •'
A RELIABLE man wants position as nlght-
watchman; references. Apply 320 Fifth st. '
CARPENTER wants work by day: understands
plans. Address box 3725. Call offlce.
WANTED— A position in laundry; shirt ironer
and flnliher. Box 3892. Call office. • "
MACHINIST wishes position In city or coun-
try. Box 3734. Call office.
YOUNO man. master 3 languages able cor-
responding clerk, fully qualified foi» position
of trust and responsibility wishes to lm-
prove hla position. Box 3785, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED, married farmer, no children,
would Ilk* position In country; good receni-
mendatlona. Box 3788. Call offlce.
WANTED— Paper hanging and painting by in-
terlor decorator. Address E. E. H.. box
37S7. Call office.
CORRESPONDENCE clerk, typist, local refer-
ences,- wants position. Clerk 2110. Asbby.
Berkeley..
NON-UNION carpenter wants small Jobs; re-
pairing of all kindsi JOSEPH THOMPSON
1444 Adeltna st.. Oakland.
RELIABLE, active ycung man, who has per-
fect knowledge of English, German and
French, desires clerical situation: be*t ref-
erences: willing to go to th* country. Box
3639. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED and competent bookkeeper
¦ceka position In the country, preferably with
a mining company; age 27 years; reference*
submitted and bond furnished If necessary.
1 ¦ Box 3733. Call offlc*.
YOUNG married man wishes position of any
. kind; knows city well; understands - car* of
horses; not afraid of work. Address SMITH.
148 West Mission »t. _^
EXPERT polisher; piano*, rtalr cases anU
- furniture; don't fall to se* A. McANDREW.
traveler, landscape artist; up-to-date. Box
3647. Call. __^
A GERMAN*, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk In grocery store and bar-
room; good references. W.- BOHLING. 417 •
Kearny st •
A YOUNG man who thoroughly understands
mechanical drawing desires a position as
draftsman's assistant or tracer. Address
box 2382. Call offlce. t
ENGINEER — Wanted, position by • stationary
engineer; can handle electrical machinery
and do own repairs; good references. Box
SOSO. Call office.
YOUNO Hawaiian gentleman wishes position
In photograph gallery: has had four years'
experience; good all around man. Box 3975,
Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by an all-around engineer,
electrician and machinist: long axpertenc* la
mining; has tools; temperate. L J. DOW.
Folsom. Cal.
¦ 1 ' - — i
YOUNG man 20 years old w»uld like situation
as stenographer and offlce assistant; has good
references. Box 3<j36. Call offlc*.
A YOUNG man. 10. would like ,to work In a
machine shep as a helper; 2 years' experi-
ence. SCT-i Market at
GERMAN man who undarstands farming wishes
work around Pleasanton, Healdsbur* or Wat-
sonvllle. Address box 36Sfl. Call offlce. ¦*
YOUNO man who worked 4 years In hardware
store in Germany would Ilk* to bav* a post-
tion in th* sain* business. 123 Sutter st
COACHMAN or man about place; understands
gardening, milking; handy with tools; best
references. Box 3765. Call.
INTELLIGENT middle-aged German, only
few days in country, desires any kind of re-
• spectabl* work. Address box 3883. Call.
BRIGHT and Intelligent young man wants a
position as a schoolboy in good family. 2127
Center st, Berkeley, CaL
YOUNG man wants position a* candy maker
in small retail store; country preferred. Box
.3833. Call offlc*.
A' RELIABLE roan wants position as night
watchman: references. Address X. B. 734
Folsom st
GOOD Japanese wants a position to do eooklne
or housework In nice family.. J. NAKAI 13
St. Mary at.
JAPANESE wants position: experienced *as
plain cook or housework; wages $6 up Ad-
dresa by mall. WATAN ABE. 1336 Calif orpla. '
JAPANESE, good boy. wants a situation as
school boy or housework Y. K., Japan «d
Mission. 1304 Post st Tel. Sutter 4132.
A YOUNO Japanese boy wants position la
small family to do cooking and housework.
Y. IKK. 744 Post st
JAPANESE boy wishes situation an school-
boy; understands plain cooking. Box 3941
Call offlce.
A JAPANESE want* situation at housework
or help in kitchen; wage* $13 or $13 ud
Y. T.. 420 Powell st
A JAPANESE experienced cook wants position "
_ in prtvato family. K. S., 1544 Polk St.: teL
Larkln 3S62.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position aa school-
boy or housework. H. T3UDA, car* Jap-
anese Mission. 1304 Post st.; tel. Sutter 4132.
A JAPANESE boy would Ilk* to work at
chamberwork or housework anywhere. Ad-
Address 1303*4 Castro st . .
A JAPANESE cook wants situation. GEORGE
D. Y.. 546 Sutter st ; Phone Black 6582.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants position In
hotel. 1110 Stockton st.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants position In'
family; $40 up a month. LEM. 715 V; Dupont.'
CHINESE, first-class hotel cook, wants a post- *
tlon. N. K.. 911 Stockton st.
NON-UNION carpenter wants steady work la
an Institution. Box 3927, Call offlc*.
YOUNG boy would like office work. Addras*
1510 Sanchez at. . •
BARBER wants position. 0 Sutter «t.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wants position;
city r*ferences. Box 3888. Call offlce.
AN experienced shipping clerk wishes position
in small wholesale house. Box 3058. Call.
A GOOD upholsterer and carpet layer wilt
work by the day or piece. -.Box 3614. Call.
UPHOLSTERER wants work: Al; city or out
of town. Box 3613. Call office.
YOUNG colored man wishes position as valet:
can shave and massage. Box 3984. Call.
A TRAINED nurse (male) will give service for
- passage to England. Box 3834. Call of 2c*.
SXCHAJTQE.
TO -exchange — 2 basement housekeeping rooms
for 2 hours* work.- 3367 Twenty-sixth st
PlfcATS TO UET. .
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense Ust:
service absolutely free; tak* advaatag* of
this department ; It will save you tlm* aad
- trouble. Cordes Furnltur* Co.. 243-53 Geary
st., - on th* souar*.
FOR oecial tlst of* flats In the Mission and
- Eureka Valley districts, call at our . branch
- offlce. Sixteenth and Market «ts. ; open all
day Sunday; we have a very desirable list of
'4-5-6. roorri flats In this district UNITED
..BANK & TRUST CO.. 236 Bushst. Mills
'building, and -branch office. Sixteenth anri
Markrj »ts. . -? ,
JUST completed, cozy and artistic flat* of 5.
. -6 and 8 rooms; rents $45 to $75; bookcases,
window seats, open flr* places. Particulars
at premises. NE.cor. Sacramento and Leav-
en worth sts.. or GUY T. WATMAN, 120
Montgomery st; .
CHEAP, rent— Great bargain: new* S-room Sat
for rent. $23 per month; sun -all day: new -
furnishings for sale. Purchaser has advan-
tage of $150 paid by present tenant Apply
• St«rlir.g Furniture Co.. 1039 Market «t
_— __— , _
: 722 Second ' ave.. ; , near Park — New flat. 7
rooms and bath: reduced to $2& if rented by
| vNov. ,1. -UNITED .BANK & TRUST CO
i 23B Bush St.. *.; Mills building. ,
1 MISSION. 2429— Swell flat 7 rooms; Guerrero.
| - NW, cor.: 6 rooms; extra sunny; $35-$27 50
j Owner, -128 Chattanooga at
For.. Additional Classified AdTertisc-
*nents ' See Pjure 4 A.
,CIiAIBVOx*ANTS— Continned. )
..LIVINGSTONE,;"'"
THE OCCULT WONDER.
c-F?^ A . V 1 JE UABLE AND INTELLIGENT
rH X .5n OYANT ' READING. GO TO LIV-
LSPv^JME" 42S KDDY'ST. !HE ASKS YOU
vnT' Q «.?i >TIONS '" BUT TELLS YOU WHAT
YOU WISH. TO KNOW.
He is no Imitator." HU.work Is upon original
lines: jmre thought, clear vision. He tells
you what you' desire to know, and works In
the open light.
He is as conspicuous for his wond erf ul occult
analysis as he is for his original expression
and vivid truthfulness. ' ,
A test reading is not a life reading. When you
; call on Professor Livingstone he will give
you 1 a full Ufe reading for $1. A test Is of
little value. When the mind is troubled you
need more substantial aid and advice; this
Is Just what Prof. Livingstone - gives you
when you call on him for a flrst-class clair-
voyant reading. • •
He asks you no questions, but tells you what
you wish to know.
Would it not be a relief to know bow you wfll
succeed, to be relieved of the matters that
are troubling you, and of the schemes of
your enemies that you may meet with better
success?
He dots not mention all \ the Ills arid mosf or-
tunes you are heir to; you are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let Professor
Livingstone analyze the matters that are
troubllnr you, find the cause of the trouble
and surgeet the remedy.
Does this appeal to you? He does not locate
hidden treasure or read by mall. Without j
asking a single question tells you what you
wish to know.
REMEMBER LOCATION. 423 EDDY ST.: 3
SEPARATE RECEPTION PARLORS; LAD1'
ATTENDANT. HOURS. 10 A. M. TO 8 P. M.
A — ROSALIND.
World Renowned •
Spiritual Clairvoyant.'
Psychic, Palmist,
19 Powell st (The Earl). j
Test and Phenomena Creator.
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY
My Regular $5 Readings fcr $1.
Names, dates, facts and information given;
reliable, accurate, tangible readings; inform-
ation regarding lawsulta, speculations, domes-
tic affairs, investments, influences, marriage,
divorce, sickness, deaths. Journeys, accidents
and advice on all affairs cf life.
Rosalind is not a clairvoyant by choice,
but because fate had so decreed It. having
ancestors who were all powerful mediums.
This gifted clairvoyant has received the rich,
¦wonderful inheritance, together with com-
bined knowledge and priceless experience of
generations. Rosalind makes no charges un-
less you are satisfied.
WHAT IS YOUR VOCATION IN LIFE?
Have you pi-car-ered in the past ? What are
your prospects of the future? Every one is
•specially adapted to some trade or profes-
sion, which may Justly be termed their true
vocation, and yet .one-half of you are strug-
gling against some unknown fate for fame j
and fortune which you do not and cannot ob-
tain until you find your true vocation. A \
call on Rosalind will settle that all Impor- J
tant question — your conviction will be sure
and success will follow.
PERSONAL MAGNETISM QUICKLY
..'- DEVELOPED.
MEDIUMISTIC PERSONS DEV'ELOPED.
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental Reading for $1.
The great — ELLSMERE.. Ellsmere — the great
Egyptian seer, palmist medium; the greatest :
clairvoyant In tho world; 'tells your name.:
what you called for. whom and when you will
many, about business, etc. ; Ellsmere Is differ- '
ent from other clairvoyants, because he does
what they claim to do; things that are beyond _
ordinary understanding, things that mm Ira- .
possible; he gives you information, relief, suc-
cess, satisfaction, power and control of any ,
character aitectlng any one or anything past. !
present or future; he tells you Just what you :
may expect and what to do for your best In- .
terests in any matter; he awakens a natural ¦
force within and around you. giving you a se-
• cret power to remove the cause of any trouble, ;
Influence, unhappiness. disease, poverty, fail-
ure or cad luck that surrounds you; he opens
up a way for success and happiness you de- j
i sire; -a power to secretly change the thoughts,
actions, habits or intentions of any one, even
miles away; remember there Is no guesswork
when you consult him; if affairs of the heart
or emotion* of • love interest "-you,' he gives
exact and truthful advice en all love affairs; ;
be advires you how to mettle lovers' quarrels
and enables you to win • the esteem and love
of any one you desire. ;
. 3 offices. 1007% Market street. 3 offices. !
Open Suuday. every day, 10 to 8. Mall, $2. ,
RICHARD MAYO.
• " CLAIRVOYANT.
At a glance, before you have a chance to ut-
ter one word, he tells you what you came for j
and want you want to know.
HE TELLS YOU
HOW TO ATTAIN SUCCESS.
Whether your present business Investments
will be successful. No matter what may b«
your hope, fear or ambition, call on this gifted .
man and find relief. His descriptions of your
friends and enemies are as real as though they
stood before you.' He tells you everything, j
good or bad; you bear the truth and nothing 1
but the truth. If you are discontented, un- j
happy, discouraged, unsuccessful or In 111
health, call on Professor Mayo and he will aii j
you in life's greatest blessings, health, wealth
and happiness. Satisfaction guaranteed or no
fee accepted.
READINGS THIS WEEK REDUCED TO ONT3
DOLLAR. .
421A Ellis st (Private) Flat Hours 10 a. m.
to 8 D. m.
ARRIVED from New York. Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychic for slate writing, clair-
voyance. Office, 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
MRS. CLARK, wonderful palmist and card
reader. 428 Geary, room 7,
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
er; readings 25c; Sto S p. m.. 612 Jessie st
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 108 6th st. rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st .
SPrBTTUAUSM.
¦ •- - -' ¦
READ on page 2* of the marvelous recovery of,
health of Robert S. Yeates by ISMAR the
gypsy's advice.
ARRIVED from New York. Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychic for slate writing, clair-
voyance. Offlce. 1113 Eddy. Phon* Scott 887.
MRS. BURR (formerly Mme. Anthony), medi-
um and life reader, 32 Ritch St.; ladles 25c;
gentlemen £>0c. ; .• ' «
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market r. 14. Gait House.
A— MRS. CRINDLE; materializing seance Sun-
day eve.. 50c 328 E f Ills st.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant medium and life
reader; dr. ev. evg. 10c: read, dally. 43 6th.
MME. L. BOYDEN. scientific astrologlst and
palmist from New York. 1032 Market st. !
MME. BARBARA, spiritual medium, palmist
and divine healer. 11% Fulton st.
CLAIRVOYANT: life readings dally 25c. 142
Sixth st MME.. EILERSKICKEN.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium* 305 Larkln.
room 49; readings I ; to 5: tel. ; South S19.
. \ PAXSHSTBY. •¦....;¦¦„ ' !.' : -
READ on paee 24 of the marvelous recovery
of health of Robert S. Yeates by ISMAR,
the Gypsy's, advice. ¦
MME. DE7VAS, .palmist and astrologer. Liebes
bld£.. 1S9 Post st; hours, 10 j to, 5. ' ; .
. CAKP3BT BEATTIf Q ACT OLBAHIIfO,_
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum^ Process^uaed
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal ;
carpets ¦-' and : rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. &.- F., Com-
. pressed 'Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market st;'
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted , with your work
send for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 855-357 .Tehama at Tel. South 40.
-WESTERN; Carpet Cleaning Works,' 1808 Har-
rison st r Al cleaning. ¦ 3c. :rRED-HAOE."
DORN & CO.: Dbone Mission 225. ;. -. /
CONKLIN'S ' Superior Carpet Beating Works,
S33 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S.- 240 Fourteenth st— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. > Tel. Mission 74.' -
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.V 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A. CO.. Props.
PHONE East 745 for carpet cleaning and lay-
; ing. G1SSLOW,;60§ Larkln st;;-- , : ' -
RUDOLPH & CO.r carpet-beating wdrka; prices
. reasonable. -1703 Harrison st: 'tel.' Mission 203
A NEW plate— The Whalebone-^-Cannot break;
" warranted 20 yr«.; crowns.- $3 CO; fillings; 60c:
plates: (5: full :set; all-.work painless <and
.. warranted.' Chicago Dental; Parlors.^ 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nrJ' Eleventh
. _Xo - charge" - for, extracting ¦ when - plates | are
made; '¦ old ¦ plates ; made ' over like new; teeth
from; $8^ per, set; (extracting. 50c;; gas 'given.
PARIS Dental Parlors,' 235 Kearny, cor.* Bush—
Set; teeth.' $l'6O np: crowns. $2 up; fllllngs.25c
GOLD . fillings, i 75c: sliver.'. 85c :- crowns,' $Z; no
'pain; open .Sundays. Dr. A. C.IIew!tt2o4 gutter
'¦•"• DENTISTS— Contlnned. ¦ |
ARTHUR' UHlisHOLM, : '6urieon-de'nttBtrr".l4.Ist
floor. 'Phelan ' bid., 806 j Market.' cor. O'Farrell.
DR.' R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
• to corner Sutter and Grant ave.o -;-;•- v* V !v
ALL work guaranteed - by, the ; New „ York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.; 989 Mission, cor.' 6th.
deessmakek3 and seamsteesbes.
mcdo'well system of dresscutting
receives . gold medal J above all others- at r; St."
Lcuis exposition; Jits every form: follows every
fashion; everything : from basting. to. des«gn'.#ig
taught; best course in millinery .given on the
const: patterns cut : to measure." ¦ <¦ ; ,
McDOWELL SCHOOL, <10i9 Market -st-
STYLISH suits, $3; shirtwaists; children's
sewing; reasonable. . MRS. W. L.". SCHUTZ,
387 McAUUter st , :/•-•,.
- i
JUST from Paris, Mme. OlgaT dressmaking for
ladles and misses. 327 Geary - St., . opp. St.
Francis.
McDOWELL & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion,' sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-'
art'A button A buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
STYLISH suits and plain - sewing done > rea-
sonable. MRS. IRVINE. 3840 Eighteenth st
WANTED— Plain sewing. v Address A. K.,' 342
Austin ave.
DRESSMAKING and plain sewing done, 1505
Baker st
A— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
•school for university, law and medical. col-
leges: ref s. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: $5 month; life scholarship
$30; : positions secured; day, ev. 723; Market. |
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted -exclusively to dramatio
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue, -Native Sons' building.
A — "Single page method"; no text books;
twice the proirress in arithmetic, bookkeep-
ing, shorth'd. etc.; West. Bus. Col.. 1281 Mkt
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.» mech..>ur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1804. -Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nf. City Hall.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms ;
perfect light;" all graduates are getting po-
sitions. S. B. Business College. 738 Mission.
CLASSES In short story' writing and Journal-
Ism meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m.,
, 333 Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable. d ,
BOOKKEEPING. Ens... math., etc.;; day and
tve.: individual lnstr. 303 Larkln st. Prof,
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
MRS. PAULA ANGERMUENDE, Conservatory
Basil Switzerland; lessons and dally practice
at studio $6 mo. eve. lessons. 860 McAllister.
PIANIST, accompanist; good sight reader; pri-
vate practice or otherwise: lessons. PHOEBE
DURRANT. 2301 Sutter st , r
| _ — » ; •
AN experienced piano teacher desires . more
pupils: fee 75c. Address MISS M. H., 30
Porland st. S. F. . ; : - -' "-¦. '
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
PRIVATE le*sons In telegraphy; rapid success
assured to students. 246 Scott st., nr. Halght.
CAL. School Elocution. Oratory. Phys. Culture;
day, eve. Y. M. C. A. bldg., Mason andEUla..
PRIVATE lessons In French, German, Spanish,
Latin, Eng., math.; $5 mo.; Box 4597, Call.
PI1OF. C. HOFFMAN, 1155 Larkln. gives thor-
• ough, successful Instruction In piano & vocal.
SPANISH, classes and private; Bth- successful
: year of teaching. PROF. MAYA, 427 Sutter.
: STAGE dancing taught on *tage. Sadie Ger-
ard BuKbee. 1053 Bush: phone Black 2814.
TO exchange — Mandolin lessons for Diano ' or
French. 1207 G. G. ave.: phone Fell 2252.
GERMAN and • French lessons by ' German ;
tenr.s reasonable. Box 1482.^ Call offlce, Oak.
BANJO gulUir, mandolin thoroughly taught;
two jiours 60c. j 317 Gough st. near Hayes.
SPECIAL Instruction for backward pupils ; In
I all branches. Box 3436. Call offlce.
GENTLEMAN- wlsh«B lessons In Spanish;
i state terms. . Box 4725. Call offlce. '" _
KENT Law School; day and night Send, for
particulars. &30 Parrott, building.
FRENCH, German lessons, 25c an hour to be-
- sinners. Mrs. C. Moulin. 44 Woodward ave.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Flllppe's Academy
of languages, 1018 Post; est 1871; ablest profs.
ZITHER leesons given by Max Maler, teacher
of either. 304 A Turk St.. near Leaven worth.
CHICAGO Business College, 1435 Market— Post,
tlons. shorthand,' typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.,
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st -
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
! man's School of Dancing. 1412 PollC nr. CaL
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per.
tonally. Miss M. G. Barrett 302 Montg'my.
! )
; SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION — ¦ —Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght;
Individual instruc. ; all branches; day. . eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request
OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento.-: Tel. James 8231.-
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese.
Chinese help. 426 Powell st; tel. Main B752.
i JAPANESE-Chineae Emp. Offlce, 415 Stockton;
best help.. Frits Tamagakl.mgr..tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of.
flee; all kinds help. S15 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1997.- BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTTEP— FEKALE.
*AT MRS. LAMBERT'S. 413 Powell st; tei.
Main 5332— Help of all natlonalltlei - expect
various positions.
WANTED — Housework by the day. 41 Elev-
enth st. —
A WOMAN wishes a position as housekeeper,
city or country. 139 Harriet st
WANTED— A young lady would like a posi-
tion In dry goods store. 417 Van Ness ave^
WOMAN want* work by the day. Call 914
Salmon . street, oft Pacific, near Taylor.' ¦
RELIABLE woman to do mending; stockings
and clothes: wants ~ 50c a 'day .or - will call
for them and do them "at her own" home.
Box 8621. Call offlce. - ™
WANTED — To wait at dinner parties of lunch-
' ers. -Please call 3275 '- Harrison , st. ,'; -.-..,-
A . YOUNG ] lady stenographer desires position ;
Remington operator. Box 3772. Call offlce. - ,
A' COMPETENT, woman ; wants general house-
worlc; is a good plain; cook.' Address box
',3780, Call 'office. ¦;¦;- : --.:--¦- ' ,'¦¦
WANTED— Work by - the ! day. Call V at i 715
Howard st. HBBSttM&MRBlgSfwhsS
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the .: day, $1 60; - dresses ' altered ; ¦ perfect
fit guaranteed; . Box; 3797, Call .office."; V.C
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse for confinement •
reasonable. 1259 Bush st , .-¦* . -. t • -
A, REFINED, ; , educated American lady 1 wUhes
position as housekeeper; best references. '1C0
v.; Belvedere sf ..." 7 ''¦'¦"$. \ ''' :¦ -\ '¦ » ""'¦ -
A WOMAN would like family washing to take
,; : home. ;. 713 V4 Minna^st"; !near Eighth.-. '
THOROUGHLY competent .'stenographer. . un-
i derstands billing and- general'of flee work, de.;
¦ \ sires position, with? large * wholesale -i house;/
salary, not ; less , than $50. -.;.; Box. 4024, 'Cal!.* « \J
FIRST-CLASS v laundress i would :, like J to '. have"
. work by ; day. - 128 ; Silver et. ' •-. - ,
TYPEAVRITING to dp. ' 309 Hearst building.'. !
WANTED— By ."-Nova 'I Scotia j, woman,**; housed*
- r i keeper • orshousework s in\ small ¦ family; -' irood
plains cook.'.. .14 'Lily ; ave..- off Franklin - et.:
-'nftar Market - - ¦ • ¦ - . -;¦¦ . - . - .THE; SAN i FR^NGISGOgGAIii;^ SUNDAY;. OCTOBER 30; : 1904
44
¦•>;-•'--' -- TTSA.JSC1AX.. ¦
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by the best of Income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed' lease; quarterly
interest
¦ Bend for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (INCX)
1172 Broadway. Cor. 14th St.
Oakland.
THE RKALTT SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In $4,600,000 00
Surplus 940,901 88
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
Office — No. 14 Sansome street,
San Francisco. C*L ¦ ,
WE finance, incorporate and. promote; let us
show you tho advantages of incorpwatinK
your business or enterprise: if you need
money to enlarge your business,, permit us
to secure It for you by. selling stock through
our Eastern correspondents.
CONSOLIDATED AUDITING COMPANY.
¦ 307 to 310 Mills building.
RESPONSIBLE man wants $150; will pay 20
per cent Interest: Kilt edge real estate se-
curity, first mortgage or deed of trust Box
14S0. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — To purchase Realty Syndicate cer-
tificates. MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANT.
107-10S Crocker building. • •
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
*old: strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossley bldg
rTTBHTTXTBE TOB SAXE.
$7S WORTH of rurnlture for $7 50 down. $ 1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 310 Post st.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur*
niture, carpets, etc 782 Mission: tel.Bush 813
NEW upholstered window seal, 6 feet long;
price $7. S23 Mason st
FT:rN!TURE of beauty parlor for sale. 233
Geary st. room 34. ,
FOX sale — Furniture of 2 rooms, complete for
housekeeping, $10. S19 Diamond st.
FURNITUKE WANTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 'Market st Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't eell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you 'get his estimate, v -
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. sue. 1638 Market: phone Jessie 2336.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert 773 Mission st, be-
fore selling your furniture. Phone. Red 44G2.
rjBMAjr/B^^^
AN infant's nurse, $35; must bring city refer-
ences.
An assistant nurse for child 18 months old,
$20. city.
A laundress for an- institution, $25.
A woman for litrht housework from 8 to 4
every day, $15 and board.
MIS* PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st, nr. Powell.
A FRENCH or German lady's maid for city;
wages $30; references. Call at MISS PLUN-
KETTS. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
A WAITRESS and parlor maid for city. $30; a
girl for chamber work and plain laundry
work for city. $30. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter St.. near Powell. - . j
A GERMAN or French girl to care for grown |
children and s«w, wages $00; a German
-nursery governess for child 8 years old, city,
*30. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st, near
Powell.
A — COOK, $35; 2 waitresses, $30 each; second
girl. 2 in family, $30; 2 housegirls. San
Mateo, $30 each; 10 housegirls, city. $23 'and
$30: nuree. $30. MRS. NORTON. 508 Mason.
A — WOMAN cook, American family; country
place; fare, paid; see, party here. Call 10:30
a. m.. Sunday.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
EXPERIENCED SHIRT OPERATORS AND
A LIMITED NUMBER TO- LEARN.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNE-R GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z-
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately: positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In Weet. 233 Geary st. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish In one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled Im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches halrdressing,
manicuring, electric massage, etc: six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 .Powell et
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters
at home, evenings or epare time, and return
to us: no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned: materials free. Inclose self-ad-
dressed envelope . for particulars. Guarantee
Co., No. S 12 Ninth st, Philadelphia, Pa.
LADIES to do plain sewing at home on col-
lars; nothing to buy; material sent free; send
addressed envelope. National Mfg. Co.. 259
West 116th st. N. Y.
LADIES. $7. to $1O weekly earned doing plain
sewing home; material free prepaid; stamp-
ed addressed envelope brings particulars.
Union Co.. 1215 Filbert st, Philadelphia, Pa.
LADIES, we will teach barber trade free to 6
more ladies and pay them $10 each for first 8
weeks; call or write. JNO. A. MOLER'S
Barber College (correct number), 044 Clay st'
WANTED— Ladles to learn barber trade; only
6 weeks required; hair-dressing and manicur-
ing taught in four weeks. MOLER BAR-
BER COLLEGE. 649 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Young women from 16 to 18 years
of age to learn 'hairdresslng and manicuring;
paid -while learning. Apply between 0 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
,W ANTED— Stenographer and typewriter, one
that writes a fair hand, who resides with
parents and must live In Oakland. Address
box 1483, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — Ladles to do. piece work at home;
steady employment: good pay: experience un-
necessary. Call Emma Spreckels . bldg., 027
Market et. room 401.
LADIES to do piecework^ heme; we furnish
all materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly.
Send etamped envelope to ROYAL. CO., 34
E. Monroe st, Chicago.
LADIES having embroideries, ; battenberg,
drawnwork to sell; * alzo to do order work.
Ladies Exchange, . 34 : Monroe st, Chicago. ¦
TWO bright young girls of good address a'nd
appearance for the ticket office of Flscher'a
.Theater; mutt, come highly recommended.
LADIES-^SO thousand ' copying ".'. letters; ". no
mailing' to friends : or furnishing addresses.
Gem Art Co., dept. .101, Chicago. .
LADIES, earn $20 per' 100 writing letters; send
stamped envelope for particulars. Ideal Mfg. -
Co.. Cassopolls, Mich. . '
AGED colored , ¦ lady " can ,. have • comforts of
good home for care 4. year-old « girl. Phone
Geary 3200. before 10 a.m.'
A NEAT girl : for lipht ¦ housework, also make
herself useful In a candy, store. • 2804 Green-
wich st./. near. Presidio: • ;y;
FIRST-CLASS talloress; 'one "who can baste
edges; preferred: wages no object. Apply to
. 8. N. -WOOD. 40 Geary. «t J
WANTED— A trained nu.ree to«care for mother
and Infant to Manila. in payment for passage
Call at 913 Stanyan st , ' , . . *
MACHINE operators on" men's shoe - uppers
Wentworth Shoe and Leather Co.; Nineteenth
st. and : Bryant ; ave. , . , ; •
WANTED-^-A fneat woman " for washing and
housecleanlng i one day. each week ; $1. Box
3000. Call office. ,-..,',.- ' D0X
• TALENTED young lady for partner for vaude-
viHe,act- Apply; between 10 and 12 am
room 5. 10 Turk st . ¦ -<-.-.¦- -,.;•"
WANTED— Two very bright. ' Intelligent sales-
ladies ¦ for the road. : WADE CORSET ¦ CO '
;' 377; Sutter, sf;.' '<..:¦ -.:¦>-/ ;;.•; •-•'-.¦-•¦*, -\ ' '
A FIRST-CLAS8 palmist or medium : wanted to
;¦ take charge -. of - city, practice."^ r 1\< to - 4 • at
i-.: 242 Pott 'St.':; ".>/'.— ;/ :^.. ,-.,¦¦ ;,:;•;._ \.V^
EXPERIENCED operators ; on ' ladies' under-
;¦ wear at 1158; Folsom 'st. ' H. : KLAS. , ' -"-
JAPANESE* to'do' housework,' small -famllr'
. Box, 8tS4.Calli office. - - ¦' '
WANTtD^-GIrl to assl?t wltb ¦ «-*»ndrea. 112
Ouk' street •
' '. ¦ ' ' ¦
"rr-ATS >CO LCT — ConttaneA.
NEW taartne view fiats In <*"»*
«>uth side Green st.. be^^^^t^nfenc^'
Webster; S rooms, bath; «*'«?^f^frSJS"
very art'.stic and most comfortably arranged.
$17 60 TO $24—80 beautiful sunny flats ot 4 to
6 room, and bath? Lombard •£.«¦*«!^
vnt of Devisadero. VON RHEIN REAI*
ESTATE CO.. 513 California Bt.
LOWER Cat— 3 laive ninny rooms, basement
176 Clinton Park, betj Guerrero
and Valencia and Thirteenth and Fourteenth
«*».; rent $13 50; open to-day. -
PAGE bet Webster and Flllmore— $32 50; up
t£date 6-room flat; "Be jriW good neigh-
borhood-, a snap at the price. BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 25 Post st ___
KEW flats en the west line of Van Ness ave. ;
north of Francisco: rents ranging from $->
m » VOS RUEIN REAL ESTATE CO.
ftU California st ;
FOR rent— 2 modern corner flats. Just finished.
6 rooms and bath each; attic: sun In every
room: marine view; rent reasonable. SE.
comer Polk and Union ets.
BUCHANAN, 110S, corner Golden Gate •£»••-
Modem flat of 3 rooms; rent JIR. VON
RHEIN Real Estate C<v. SIS California st
•?^—WASHINGTON *t-Z C rooms, bath: fur-
irtfied: Pine, near Taylor. 7 rooms, batn.
PATTERSON, Examiner building, room. =v~.
ELEGANT mJACle flat, 7 room* -and J»Ujj
saloon parlor*- sun every room: modern,
[a^Vrden; 1359 McAllister. Stelner-Plerce.
PAGE. I7S7— KJegant new Cat of 6 lffB e
•unny rooms and bath; rent $55; near Golden
Gate Park. | .
GOLDEN GATE, ave. 1111. near Buchanan-
DwlraWe upper flat. 8 rocras and bath; rent
reasonable ' ¦
EIGHTH sv«?.. 574 — «-room runny flat: will
fix it to fuit steady tenant: reasonable; near
park museum. : .
TILLMORE snd Washington, southwest comer.
Newly furnished upper flat 8 rooms and
bath: rent reasonable.
•-S0O— 2 nice- flats on Elizabeth st: $500 cash,
balance Peaey terms. Mission Realty Co.. 329,
Min>lon st^
gL'TTI-'R. 171* — t*»-to-date modern S-room
flat '"ith needle bath shower; very cheap;
cn!y $42 60 rent _____^_______
VAN NESS ave, 2523. rear L^ion-2 desirable
urK r fltts, 8 rooms and bath; marine view.
rents reasonably ___^ —
ONE new. elegant top flat 6 rooms and bath;
marine vie?-, rent enlv $27 GO- Southeast
coratr Buchanan and Filbert ets.
ft ROOMS, bath: 2 acres and frrand chance for
florist or gardener; long leass» cheap rent,
county lice; cemetery cart pass door. ¦:
$25— LOWER flat. 6 lanre rooms and bath.
larre basement 263 Duboce ave.. near
Market gt. ¦
A SUNNY ©-room flat: desirable location; rent
$22 50. 1196 Halgbt ft. corner Lyon.
A FLAT of 5 rooms to let 447 Xatoma st.
A NICE sunny flat of four rooms to" let 162
Tehama st. _^__^^
A SUNXY corner flat: « rooms bath: modern
Improvements: rent $30. 1««>3 E"»« «*•
B4KER. 73S— Modern ml<5^Je 7-nn. flat; new;
very wi>ny: bet. McAUltftf *0d Golden Gate.
CENTRAL, modern flst: 5 rooms, bath. 1030
Sacramento rt.. above Powelt
CASTRO 673 near 2<nh — 2 mod. new flats. 5 &
6 rooms; rent reasonable; key on premises.
DEVISADERO and Turk sts.— Sunny corner
flst, 9 rooms; rent $45.
EIGHTEENTH, 3S2&— Fist; modern; newly
tinted: reasonable; adults. •>..*.- ¦~t- > . '-
FILLMORK. 3322 — Lower new sunny flat. S
Urge ro-.-ms: $13 and gas. - -'*
FINE *unny upper flat; marine view; 6 rooms
and bath. S. E. cor. Broadway and Jones.
FLAT of 4 rooiSs; all improvements: $15 per
month: gas and electric light free. 45*4 Noe.
FLAT to let 1745 Halght street
FLAT of 4 rooms, -with all Improvements: $15
per month; ras and electricity- free. 46»4 Xoe.
FRANKLIN, 2350. bet Broadway & Vallejo —
New upper flat: marine view; rent moderate.
LARGEST list of bouses and flats to leC Call
en L.TON It HOAG. 116 Montgomery st
LOWER flat; 3K2 Twenty-third st. near
GuTreTO; 4 rooms, bath; large basement
MA5ONIC ave.. 13CS. near Halght — New flat
« rooms and bath; fine location: rent $30.
MISSION. 2728. near Twenty-third — New upper
Cat. 7 rooms and bath.
NEATLY furnished, sunny, corner flat four
rooms, bath; rent $20. 1906 Golden Gate ave.
NEW modern upper fiat: 3S25 Twenty-fonrth.
near Church: 5 room* and bath: rent $22 50.
3CICE runny flat. 6 rooms and bath; rent rea-
sonable. 510 Devisadero, bet. Hayes and Fell.
NICE flat to let &00 Bryant et; key at
place.
O'FARRELL. 1526— Middle flat to let
FIERCE. 2335— Up-to-date 6-room lower flat
near 2 car lines: reasonable.
PINE. 2611— Flat. C rooms; ready for occu-
pancy November 1.
FOLK, 2S31-33-S5 — Sunny new flats. 5 rooms
and bath: marine view; rent reasonable.
SEVENTEENTH. 3797.- eornsr Sanchez— Flat
6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
SUTTER. 1710, corner Laguca— Fine 8-room,
modern flat; rent cheap.
SITTER. 171«. near Laguna — 8-room modern
flat, with needle bath shower; cheap.
TO let — A modern flat 4 rooms and bath; rent
$17. 2518 Polk et. near Filbert.
$14 — FOUR sunny rooms, bath. 1319 Church
etreet
S32S0 — ELEGANT, sunny, new 6-room flat I
Mock north of Market 165 Noe st. nr. 15th.
$27 50 — NEW Park flat, 6 sunny rooms, on
cur line. 223 Parnassus ave.. near Stanyan.
$32 60 — ELEGANT new sunny 6-room flat 1
block north of Market 1C5 Noe st, nr. 15th.
t-i^ats to LZT-nnunssEa.
PINE. 2786 — Handsomely furnished parlor;
- fiat 3 large room* and yard; basement; also
S rooms and bath completely furnished.
FURNISHED flat 6 rooms; Western Addition;
piano: no children. Room 57, Spring Valley-
building.
FURNISHED fiatn and apartments; up to
date; rent reasonable. 434 Bartlttt. 2 to 4.
FLAT — Three rooms; bath; piano; complete for
housekeeping; no children; $25. 332 Hayes.
rxATs JPQB sam— rroaisiiEp.
MODERN sunny, large 7-room upper flat Car-
pet, linoleum. . hangings newly furnished
from Sterling 10 weeks ago. 817 Jones, nr
Bush.
FOR sale — The entire furnishings of a 4-room.
flat; cort over-$3-"io; will sell for $50 cash;
must sacrifice. Room 16, Phelan building.
TURK. 1W% — 6 sunny rooms and bath: well
Xurnlrhed: pay* $23 o\-er rent; cheap If sold
at once; parties going East
FOR *ale cheap— Nicely furnished flat C
rooms, baih; rent reasonable. 400% O'Farrell.
A— FURNITURE of S rooms cheap; rent of
flat $&f 700 Clementina st, rear.
MIDDLE flat 0 rooms and bath; furniture
and carpets nearly hew. €30 Polk, afternoons.
FOR salf — Completely furnished 7-room flat; 3
rooms pays rent. £C8 Ellis ct . .
FURNITURE for rale; one flat. 544 Jessie.
WANTED — Buyer for 3-roora flat &44 Jessie
street.
NEATLY furnished .room. $35; at I Montgom-
.try block; rent $0: going East Box 4711,Call..
EDDY. 702 — Sunny. -corner. flat, 7 r rooms, . bath;
reut ?32 SO; will sell cheap.'.
COMPLETELY, furnished flat of 8 rooms and
. bath; all sunny.;. 7 Hyde st
FOR sale cheap— New furniture.' 5 '.'sunny
. 'rooms and bath. 82SB Howard et' .-
FURNISHED Cat for sale. 1203 Mission st
near 8ta; party sick and wishes to sell.
IFxTou want to buy 6-room ilati cheap, call
P03C Larkln st. - . '
ELLIS. 027 — Bargain: . 6-room flat, furnished
comrlete; $lss If bold at once. .
HOWARD. 113046 — Furniture from a sunny ~7-
room flat: : must sell; .reasonable. '
CH A RMING sunny corner." six-room flat • com-
plete: clears $15. 494 Eddy st . ',
_¦¦ rULTS ' WAJTTKP? X
WILLING tp buy two ' r flats '::¦ U , reasonable: *
; morth M&rket st : Vox 45S7, Call office.
HOUSES TOTJT— rOTUnSHED.
LYON/120— 8 rooms, bath, piano, furnace; fur-
•¦"nlshed or unfurnished. Apply 504 Stelner
•-.ot., 10 to; 1; o'clock. , " ¦
SUNNY,' furnished bouse of 7. rooms and bath;
" rent reasonable. : Cell . from- 1 to 5 p. m.,
• : 110S Valencia street.
. HOUSES WANTED.
RESPONSIBLE couple would like care of house
for rent Box 45W. Call t office.
COTTAGE; 2102 Larkln st.. cor. Vallejo; ''6
:-,"- sunny rooms; large yard; rent $20.
$7 MONTH — t-room cottage, rear, near Geary.
. Rtr«^:t cam. ; 171 Collln* st .W. ¦ ¦ . s
6 ROOMS and bath ; new cottage. 1403 Ver-
. mont st, corner Twenty-fifth.
$1C— 2 BRAND new cottages. 1700 and 1704
San Jose ave. ¦ I
-^ '^ gQ»«BS AJTP WAOOK3.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. 8.F.
ADDKP.LEY'S stable sheepswool sponges: $2.
$2. 75. $3 CO; chamois and dusters. 307 Mar-
ket «t. 8. F.
FOR sale cheap — One, big mare and one big
horse; also one fine driver and trap. Cor.
Seventeenth and Capp sts.
DARK brown mare; works single or double;
weight 1250; also 2 spring wagons. 3228 Fol-
som st.
FOR sale — Solid top parcel delivery wagon;
cheap. 523 Fulton st
BIG bargains in all kinds of steel- tire and rub-
ber-tire surreys. 1503 Folscm st .
ALL kinds of business wagons,- buggies and
carts; cheap. 1504-6 Folsom st. t
30 GOOD, cheap horses; closing out: must be
sold at once. Fifteenth and ShotwelV sts.
WAGONS, buggies; surreys cheap at 102
Golden Gate ave. .
WANTED — Good, "sound horse for express
company for about $40; trial. Box 4640, Call.
ONE small team buckskins, 8 years old; broke
double and single. 517 Ivy ave.. nr. Laguna.
FIRST-CLASS business wagon: call before 10
. o'clock. 1412 E Ninth st. East Oakland.
BUSINESS buggy for sale cheap: In good
running order. Box 1063, Call , office.
A HORSE for sale. 316 Beale st
BUGGY horse - for sale cheap; 6 yean old.
3922 Eighteenth st
FOR grocery, laundry and bakery wagons, go
to ROBERTS. 1615 Market st
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1080 Mission at., nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
*very Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness. Tvork & driving horses. 13th- Valencia.
- lost amj roTnro,
$10 REWARD for information leading to the
recovery of Lewellyn setter dog (male), black
. head and ears, with black- square-«haped spot
on left shoulder. W. B. BENOIST, 185 San
Carlos ave.,
LOST — Thursdcy evening, on Montgomery St. '
mink boa. Return 2623 Stelner St.: reward.
LOST— White fox terrier (female), yellow ears,
short brown tall; $3 reward; name "Lady."
Ill Guerrero st.
FOUND — Female fox terrier; white, black
spots, yellowish head; red brass collar. Head
waiter. City and County Hospital.
LOST — Western Addition, collie pun, 7 months,
white and yellow, long nose; return to R. A.
SHARBORO/8401 Washington st. reward. *
LOST— Black and .Un . setter, leather collar,
brass studs. Smith. 23d and Hampshire ;rwrd.
LOST — Purse, Friday night. St Ignatius Hall;
reward for return. 475 Hayes st.
LOST — Two veils, on Kearny st 781 Sutter
street.
LOST — During week. lady's old-fashioned gold
bar pin; full reward. 1432 Taylor st
LOST — A satchel, on- Market st. 781 Sutter
. street. '
LOST— Solid gold belt buckle. Return to 16C2
Vallejo gt. ¦ ... , ., v
LOST— On Market st. a parcel containing lace.
¦ ,781 Sutter Ht. room 6. •
$400 REWARD — Lost on October 13. one dia-
mond and vuby fleur delta ring and other
Jewelry: no questions asked. Return to
¦ MRS. H. WALLACE. The Altamont 11S0
Mason st . .
LOST — A brindle bull terrier pup; answers
name Major; reward. DOELL BROS., 601
Elshth st -
- I^PNCSEB FOB HTR33.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay #
st.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.*
MATRIMONIAL. •
GENTLEMAN (widower), unlncumbered, mid-
dle-aged, fine appearance, good habits, has
business of bis own and a comfortable In-
come, would like the acquaintance of a lady
(middle-aged) who would appreciate a good
home. Box 17UI. Call office.
A WIDOW, between 35 and 40, .no lncum-
- braticos and no means, would make a good
wife to a kind hrsi^nd; a good housekeeper;
would like to correspond with an honorable
¦ gentleman; object matrimony. Box 5231,
Call office.
A GENTLEMAN, a traveling man. working far
. a salary and having to be absent from the
city occasionally.' would like the acquaintance
of a lady, matrimonially - Inclined; has a
pleasant home; Box 4002. Call office.
A GENTLEMAN (ex-soldler). 42 years old.
has a steady position and a pension, would
like to correspond with a lady who could
make home pleasant for a kind husband;
object matrimony. Box 1937.' Call office.*
A GENTLEMAN, age 13 (German descent),
has property and an Income of over $300 per
month,, car. give wife a good home, would
like to correspond with a true lady; object
matrimony. Box, 4003. Call offlrfe.
A' LADY (34). neat and refined. - would like to
.--meet a business man; object matrimony.
Address box 4001. Call office.
YOUNG man - (24) ¦ wishes * to meet gobd-look-
4 Ing/ willing . young lady; object matrimony.
'Box 3SCO. Call office.
M*BI>ICA*~t.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from ! irregularities consult me; my methods j
. are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex- '
, orbltanty f ces. . . . - ' -j
I could publish a small book containing
cenulne letters of . heartfelt thanks from !
cured ', patients, but my. correspondence Is :
never divulged - under any circumstances.
This Is a fair sample of statements I ¦ get ;
' daily: ."I, am completely satisfied. I shall
be glad to recommend you to my friends al-
"¦ ways.- The cure was perfect and the - fee
very reasonable." . . . .' ¦ j
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE; ;
17 years' - experience in all female disorders;
call or write. DR. WHITE, 702 Market st,
; rooms 7 and .8. . _ . m ¦
LADIES — If you are In 'trouble, confldo In ma. ]
Relief .for Irregularities. . Help for- the un-
- fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the -only GRADUATE
physician here who can. say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Eat. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
DR.'S. GOODWIN, well known : specialist on
: diseases -' of : women, haa returned after 4
months' -sojourn in * Europe, during which
. , time she .visited : a few of the leading sanl-
' tariums and maternity hospitals, and is now
- 'located at 412 Taylor st, near Geary.
DR. : G. W. O* DONNELL— All who are sick , or
¦'- in . trouble , consult * this . specialist on female
complaints; -positively corrected; the unfortu-
' nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice fret. .Office. 1018 Market st
MRS. DR. . KOHL.' reliable specialist for all fe-
male : troubles ' and Irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. , 1008^4 Merket st. opp. 8th.
MRS. DR. WTETH; cpectaliat for all femala
' complaints i, and lrregularitlea; '„ Instant relief
. guaranteed: 30 years', experience.' 944 Post st
VALPEAU'S •' female pills'; best regulating pills
- sold; price f 2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr- ;
Inre and tablets; price $.V - By express 'only
•'on receipt of r price. ' OSGOOD : BROTHERS, i
.wholesale druggists.' Seventh and Broadway, I
.-.i Oakland. ;: / ' ' ,. ;'- ¦-:. . ¦¦ !
LADIES t suffering from • Irregularities. '. sick or
:v>ln trouble/ consult !Dr. c Sylvester,' 219 Kearny
st.;. relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations ,
" ' * ' i , . i
DR. i E.' G. WEST." the old. reliable physician •
[ f - and surgeon, t 303 Kea rny St.. room L ..- . ; I
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
; , original ; method , ot treatment ; . 1126 Market I
LADIES— Kumround: - safe. J sure, never falls; {
$2. Gieason-Ruggles DniR Co.. Kearny & Clay.-
-DR." ROSEN/ residence' 2005'Folsnm st, corner
2Sth: laojts.: relief or' no fee; $10. .
¦ HELP .WABTJED— rEMALS— Con.". |
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD COjfl
Stenographer. and office assistant, $8 week.".'
2 ladies experienced . In ¦ burnt ' leather i work,
good salary^ . " l'^ltlwlirfllnflf1lTijfr'*f a ]'T : '* (i
Stenographer and typewriter* young lady < of
•• good address, $10 week* * ' -,-' -'•
Millinery saleslady with" city., experience. $9
to r 12 week. \y « tt^^^^^^EK
Glove salesladies, $8 week. ,
. . Girls learn - to ' make . envelopes," $3 ¦ week to
becin, piece work after learning trade. "
Stenographer and : typewriter who can take
dictation in English and German, $75.
Lady of good . address for photograph gal-
lery/ $13 week. •¦• .-¦¦ -. . . .
New Demokrat bldg., 51 3d st, . rooms. 9-10.
Office open Sunday from 0 a. rn. untll > 2 p/.m.
3 COOKS, German families.. . . . /. . . » . .$30-$35
Cook for etudents. .... . .•. .......*. .". . . . . » • $35
Chambermaid and laundress. /. t . . . •'. . ."i .$30
Laundress, country »..........;.. ....'...$30
German or French maid and seamstress . $23
2 nurseglrls .....\\. .:...:....:. ..:..$20-$25
Waitress, private boarding-house. ..... ..$2O
3 housework girls, San Rafael. 7.". ...$25-$3O
Housework, Alameda and San Mateo. ... .$30
Cook for Benlcla. on ranch. I... '..".W0
Chamberwork and nurse ....'.,',.."... ....$25
44 general housework girls. . . . /. .$20-$25-$30
City and country...;.../. : . . .$20-$23-$30
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
WANTED — Honest, respectable ¦¦ woman .'"as
housekeeper In rooming-house In exchange
for room and board: light work,' small pay;
good home for theirlght party; no objection
to woman with 1 little girl. Box 4700,. Call;
REFINED nurse to assist in massage and
bath parlors: one with experience preferred.
Call 119 Taylor st. '
YOUNG girl to do light hous-work; must live
at home. Box 3777, Call office. ¦ . . ,
WANTED— A young girl to assist with chll-
• dren during the day. . 3019 Sacramento st.
WANTED — A young girl to take care of house.
Apply 041 -Twelfth st. » " .
DO retouching:. $15 to $25 r*r week, learned in
3 months. 12% St. Rose st.
MILLINERY apprentices wanted. .Apply 723
Market a * . :
YOUNG girl to a.«wist- with light housework.
Box 45SO. Call office.
YOUNG woman for general housework: small
family; Rood home: $20; refs. 1716 Octavia.
PARTNER with capital; dressmaking and
hftlnlrossins business. Box 37J2, Call office.
REFINED, educated woman to travel. Box
4614, Call office.
NEAT young girl to assist with housework |
and learn dressmaking; $10. 964 Eddy at
WANTED — Woman to wash baby clothes. .781
Sutter st.
WANTED — A giri for general housework; 2 in
family; v/agt-s $.10. 3450 Clay st',
WANTED— Woman to help In kitchen. 212
Fourth st
GIRL wanted in candy store; no Sundays off.
Call after 9 a. m.,- 20(59 Market st
WANTED— First-class skirt " hand. 121 Post
st., room 47.
WANTED — Middle-age^, weman to assist in
housework; good family. I'M Eleventh st.
GIRL wanted for dressmaking. Apply 1233
Folsom st.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 656 Mis-
sion st, third floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' woolen suits. 656
Mission St., third floor. " .
FIRST-CLASS millinery saleslady; city ex-
perience. 72 • Geary st .
GIRL to take, care of -child. 2023 Sutter st
CASHIER for restaurant: good pay; state ex-
perience. Box 4GD4-. Call office. .
SKIRT hands, sewers and errand girl for
dressmaking. 1415 Hyde st., nr. Washington.
A GIRL wanted to take care of three children.
Apply 66 Tehama st.
A WOMAN wanted to do washing at 29 Guy
, place.
WANTED^-A good dressmaker; also an im-
prover. 964 Eddy st.
WANTED — First-class finisher on pants;
steady; work. 104 Kearny, top floor.
APPRENTICE wanted for hairdressins. 104
Stockton st. . > •
WANTED^ — Young girl to assist In housework.
367 Alcatra* ave., .Oakland.
WANTED— A young girl to assist with light
housework. Apply at 993 Oak st.
LAUNDRESS. 612 Kearny st
GIRL for housework and care of child.
BEATTY. 17 Third., upper flat
EXPERIENCED muslin underwear saleslady
to take chance. Box 4712. Call office.
PANTS finishers and good sewere; meady work
245 Seventh st.
ALTERATION hands on Jackets. Columbia
Cloak Co.. 1022 Market st.
LADIES— Earn $20 per 100 writing short let-
ters; particulars lor stamped envelope. BEST
MFG. CO., Valparaiso, Ind.
WANT middle-aged lady to assist with baby
\and general housework. 10 Metcalfe place,
off r.eary St.. bet Taylor and Mason.
EXt-fc.KltNCED sewing machine operators on
overalls, coats and Jumpers: steady work.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32^ Fremont «t
Apply to ¦ Mr. Davis.
WANTED — Trimmer for silk hats and plush
' sewing. COUPLAND. 604 Merchant st
WANTED — A young ' woman to learn florist
trade*; call after 6 p. m. . 311 Sutter st
HEIiP WAHTIED— • MALE.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Young men. neat appearing, to sell gloves
behind counter, $C to $8 week to begin; no ex-
perience necessary. .. . ' ¦
Man for artistic studio, good salary. '
Bookkeeper and office man. $65.
" Bookkeeper and office man, $75.
Collector, wholesale ¦ house, $20 - week.
\ Man of executive ability, $150.
Dry goods manager, $100 and up. .
Wine salesman, $100 and expenses.- '
¦ Advertising solicitor," $50 and." commission.
Office specialty salesman, $20 -week. •'¦ .
4 tailor's salesmen." $12 week and commission.
»¦ watchmakers, $21 week. . ; .
6 young m*n:to act as managers in . branch
offices of a local concern, $10 week and com-
¦mission. ,
Liquor salesmen for Western Addition; good
salary to richt man. - . - '
Hotel 'bus driver and runner, $30 arid board
and room.
2 drivers, liquor wagons, good salary.
Office assistant, $7 week to begin.
3 *young men, electrical .house, $5 week to
begin
Grocery clerk, $25 and found.
Stenographer, S50.
Shoe saksmar., . good salary. >»
Advertising solicitor, $125 to $150.
' Stenographer and - office ' assistant, $40 to
begin.
Stenographer and bookkeeper,. $60.
lioy for law. office; good opportunity to learn
to operate. typewriter. .- -.
Couribn " salesmen, $4 day. • . ' ¦
Placer miners, . Alaska, 100 in party, $30 day.
Delivery boy who can . ride a bicycle, ¦ $17 60.
Ftock and bend salesman; good salary.
lUevatur boy, $25 and room, j
Cash boys, S4 week.". *
. Office open Sunday from 9 until 2 p. m.
New. Demokrat ' bldg., ; 51^ 3d st.V;, rooms : 0-10.
' AMERICAN. EMPLOYMENT* BUREAU. "
. . 042 . Commercial • Bt. : r>hone Bush 833.'
3 muchtne - miners, , north, ; $90.
Plumber, . glazer, ' country: ; good"' wages, boss
-here;- 2 ranch teamsteis/. small ..team,* $30
found. To-day. Sunday, . 12 , to 1 o'clock. ; '
GOVERNMENT " posltIons--Salaries ! $800 --' to
$3000: life- oosltlons;! thousands: of "appoint-
ments to ; be made this ; year; : examination
soon: our .eneclally prepared students secure
- appointments;- send or . apply^ for '. catalogue
giving > positions, salaries, age . limits, • , etc"
.Pacific Corrtspondence Institute/ 1005 Market
. % Bt.; San ; Francisco. . J*^^||ap^(|j^yjjsj[t(|gjj^|g
MEN— The 1. 1 original' JNO.; A/ MOLER has
-- ' opened . one ; of his ¦. famous barber, colleges > at
; 644 Clay st; trade taught in 8 weeks; tuition
-earned .while learning; constant ¦ practice; ' ex-
, pert , Instructions; ¦-, positions ; guaranteed. -, Call
,, or n write.(correct:number)i644:;Clay^st. "/<
LEARNbarber; trade] at 5 . Halght's: i he. teaches
;; you; free :in' shops ;s". only -practical r method;
- . wages while learnlnK; don't mix us .with fake
";.; barber, colleges.; 647^: Commercial- at;* ; ¦
LADY i or gentleman ? InTevery I town ' and i coon- '
ty to "represent 'large 'mall order house;: pos-".
" Itively no ' soliciting.-. Address with ' references
. 1 P.'l O. <box ; 2133/ San , Francisco. ; ' ; ¦ ,
EXPERIENCED apprentlceJon'flrst-claBscus-i
torn coats. -. 014 -Turk st ; apply Sunday ; and '
;¦ Monday. vu;;.;'- ' ""¦: :-^\ '~r : l:- ' *¦":". ':*'* r 1 "- ' : - : -
EXPERIENCED 'plumber's helper wanted/'Ap-^
• ply ,71521 Devisadero ; stT, before ; 8 .' a/- m."\ Mon."
FIRST-CLASS painters wanted. '1515 Buchan-
.¦;an : Et." ...'-, -/'•-¦//";/;-¦.// .•''¦--¦¦¦'¦ ;.:" '¦;¦.•¦'¦
WANTED-^-Mr. ; Vlckcy, : paperhanger,' formerly
with Russell;-. of Golden Gate ave., address
142;Clara»st. , -:V/>,v- *:,¦!;'. !'.;:V"i .V ¦'." ¦'- '?¦ '-i.'-'r
; BR IGHT fyounc man I to * ca n vass ;' zood s prbptw
sltion. -City Mall Shoe- Stoi-.v-.i&W? Market';
I " TBXJJP WAHTTEP— MAIiH— Ttmtlnnea. --,
MURRAY & R^EADyV 634 and 630 Clay st
. - ¦ * PIion9'Maln:684S.
Leading EJmpioyment and Labor Agents.
We sreak the German.; French/ Italian, Scandi-
navian, Greek," Spanish. Slavonian and ;
Danish languages. '_*¦
¦: IOCS We" cave ' ' lOOi We Hope to
, . Clt.000 Men Work. , Increase 00,000.
1 GOVERNMENT WORK? ; ,\
NEVADA STATE — NEVADA. ,
. SHIP TO-DAY. .
$1 fee— that's all . $l.fee — that's all.
' - TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS.
*¦; 20 teamsters ..¦.................."•.. . ::. .$75
25 laborers i. '., '.............:.'..'...•.•••'• .$75
Scraper foreman, ¦ grading gang/ $63 and fd.
;.*' rears' Job; '8 'hours day;' ship to-night
-,i--$l';fee— THAT'S ALIAS 1 f«c
CARPENTERS *~^T^ LOOK!
-.- v CARPENTERS. '-^^
CARPENTERS v - -BENCHHANDS \
10 caroeoters, house work/ Job will last all ,
- winter and steady to good men; fare $1 40.
Inquire about If 8 hours, $3 00 day.
4 carpenters, San Mateo Co., good Job* $3 day
Carpenter. ; mine company, $60 and found.
¦ 3 benchhands/ planing mill," country, $3, 8 hr.
machine hand and sticker haria, country," $3.
8 hours.' - •'.— ¦ ' • * ' '¦';'- "-. "
-3 carpenters, hardwood finishers, south, $3 30
2 trimmers, country Job, $3 60 day. •'>¦<
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay st
A«»- •,-¦'/:;-"¦. -,'^AGAIN
MISCELLANEOUS. -
Machinist.' country factory, south, $3 day.
' Tf amsters, city Job, ' steady, $2 day.
4 young men. ; factory, city, $1 60 day. .
. Painter.' city. ; ?2 50 day. -
PLOW TEAMSTERS.
23 plow teamsters, winter Job, $30 to $35 fd.
23 farmhands, $26 to $.'>5 and fd.; 6 milkers.
13 choremen and choreboys, ranches and pri-
vate. ¦ . . ¦¦¦¦-- . *
• ¦ WOODCHOPPERS. •
25 men to chop wood,* good prices. *M
Working foreman, ranch, south. $35 to $40 ;
and found. - ¦ * .
. Blacksmith, mine company, '" $60 and found. :
4 cabinet makers, piece work; 3 tinners, city.
3 lronmolders, $3 60 day; 2 broommakers. .
C stablemen, city and country, $33 fd. to $70.
." handy men on ranch, $30 and found.
lOerrafld boys and boys for factories, $4 to
• $t>- week. ¦ .'¦..
Porter, city warehouse, $12 week.
COOKS WAITERS
1 — BUTCHERS — : — — '
Cook, small hotel/, near city, $35 fd.; cook,
hotel, Alameda Co., $40. fd. ; cook for mine,
' 12 men,,$40 fd.; G other cooks; 5 waiters;
kitchen hands,' dishwashers, etc.
Young man, butcher shop .and wagon, city.
Married farmer. Napa Co., $30 fd.
3 men and wives, other Jobs.
UT' MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
— i L.'
A— ¦ • AGAIN '¦
• -BUTCHERS
BOOKKEEPER AND STKNOGRAPHEJt.
V " '/¦':¦'¦ SEE BOSS HERE.
Butcher to take charge of country shop, good
position, see boss here; $75.
BOOKKEEPER
: Bookkeeper and stenographer, country store,
, onlddle-aged or young man,", see boss at our
office.
CALL TO-DAY.
MURRAY &. READY, 634-636 Clay st
A— ... ; , AGAIN
COAL MINERS
• STATE — WASHINGTON — STATK.
FARE REFUNDED FARE REFUNDED
- 10 ; coal miners, good mine, freo from gas;
no powder : used: accommodations' first class;
guarantee you $3 to $3 75 day.
, -¦"".¦• Ask About It
2 miners, small mine, $3 fare, $40 fd.
- MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A— MR. LUNTHER, butcher, please call to-
-.- day. MURRAY & READY. 634-63B Clay st
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
. Contractors' Agents, -,-"• 05 Third St.; S. F.
Lumber pliers, north,. $2 75 to $3. .
Man for dye -work, experienced, $15 to $20.!
Operator on- wax thread machine, $2. -
Amador County. - Amador County.
Teamsters $2, * fare $2 35.
¦Butte County. - -^ ' Butte County. 1
Laborers $2, fare $3 70.' «
AT INDEPENDENT OFFICE.
Phone James 5576. - 612 Merchant st
Want r 4 good single-hand miners, wages $3
per day of 8 : hours.
10 laborers, near city, $2, long Job, increase
to , rood men.
Cook for restaurant ,
Dishwasher, same.
Boy for candy store, $8 per week.
Griddle man .for 'restaurant.
Open forenoon Sunday. .
DONKEY engineer for small mill, $50 and
board; 2 single-hand . miners, ¦ $3 day; 4
nouses carpenters., country.' $3 day and fare
¦.. refunded ;¦ married blacksmith, country shop;
donkey : engineer, $50 and found ; slumber, for
j country; j swamper, $40 J and . ' found ; Jack-
. «crewer,\ ?45 and- found: • farmer. $30 and
found; milker* snd ~wlfe/' $50 and found;
dairj'man,- $40 and found; old man to care for
place; cook* and others.-' J. F. CROSETT &
CO., C2S "Sacramento st';'. ~ '-V. 1 1 -¦ = " -" . •"..
A VALET to travel-; must have references and
speak foreign languages: $00 and found.
A second butler for country: $35 and found.
v MISS PLUNKETT.' 423 Sutter st. nr. Powell.
A COACHMAN, who can do some gardening,
• . has first-class city aild country references.
wishes situation. Address ANDRE, - 317
8tockton st ; phone Main 13O4. '
I WILL instruct a limited number who want to
learn "How ; to Sell Life Insurance!'' .Plans
of all companies taught: write for terms.
• "Boosters" made Independent and their pros-
pects closed on full -corn's. -for them. . Posi-
tions secured for beginners. Correspondence
and Interviews sttrtctly confidential. Bex
.3796. Call office.
SPECIALTY salesmen: a few first class men;
good men can make $3000 to $10,000 a year;
don't answer -If you are not filling or have
successfully filled a pooltion paying $1500 a
year.. American Jobbing Association, .; Iowa
City, Iowa. -
WANTED — Young man for bill work In large
' ': wholesale house: must be i experienced typc-
. writer: answer In own handwriting, stating
experience had, amount ot ¦ salary expected
¦ and references; gnod chance for advancement
• to ri»-ht party. : . Box 46C8, Call office.
SOLICITORS, city. Oakland or Berkeley, to
sell Kome builders' .contracts; -. best : $1 r
wek: propcsltlon' on 'th* market: any one
can start a - home at $1 . per ¦ week. Gold ,
. Bond Mercantile Co.,' -406 ; Crosslqy ,. building.
WANTED— Teh ' men In each State ' to travel,
.. tack signs and distribute samples and drcu.
lars of our 'goods; salary $60 per month: $3
per day -for expenses. KUHLMAN CO.,
Dept. B-24. : Atlas block, Chicago.
YOUNG men everywhere/ copy letters home,
evening*. . $9 50 weekr Send addressed en-
Vvelope for particulars. Manager Dept S 12,
; box 1411/ Philadelphia, Pa. ,'.
BRIGHT : boy who - resides". 1 with parents to
j . . learn the crockery business, $0 week to start; j
good chance for advancement"- 1037 ¦ Market ':
' st. ,9 to 11 a.- m., Monday. ,
WANTED— Bright boy for errand "and I office
' work; must reside- with 'parents; age' limit
.17- year* (not . under) : answer in own hand-
\writing. Box '4R67/, Call 'office." '
BOOKKEEPER | wanted ;. for '. manufacturing
business; one, who can make; himself useful 5
. around office. , Box 4015.. Call . office. , ' : ¦
GLOVE salesmen wanted ; / good position - for
• bright young men witfi ; experience. ¦ AddIv
Tuesday NEWMAN & LEVINSON. ' - \
WANTED— Experienced .domestic salesman'
. Apply between : 9 and 11 a. m. ; at HALE
'.-'BROS.' , - - . .. .: ¦ . . - >
WANTED— A good reliable ¦ salesman twlth ,
.'e-nergy; and 1 experience; give, references
Box; 4642.*, Call. ,
, TAILORS— Good :¦ coatmaker ': wanted ; for the
country ; steady ; place, r ARNSTEIN, SIMON
,.;-&, CO... Market ; and : Second." sts. V
.WANTED- A.. first-class plumber. . Apply 212
/Second. st ; . "" .
WANTED-^-A boy to learn * plumbing trade
¦ 212 Second st. : - ; - ;..,, 7 * >•..;._->,,- ,
AN COOK and • dishwasher wanted ¦ at 013 Clav
.;" street." /;-. .-;.¦-. ' ¦ • / , • ' -. ' .
BOY. to run errands.. 156 New Montgomery
~i', st.'i i room iO.j^gggi§g^^^^^^^»
TWO boys iwanted ; light work/ .'- SIEBE SHOB
> CO.,; 130. Main st
GARDENER : wanted. ][: 800*; McAllister ;' st.l.
CARRIAGE f; trimmer. v 373 i Tenth 'St.* Oak-
v-i land. ~^^S«SlflHs999BI9BHffi0BnBinl
•nVO ; young 'men/- learn i the = Warber trade in
.--.'.' shop free. - "SI Mission st:;;, ¦ ;.• t ;; :> ."-_ ;; /
\V ANTED '— - Practical i tailors > to - learn ' Fred
•^Sowers^trousers system.^ 120 } Sutter, st.
ERRAND boy In printing" office/, 1 : EASTMAN- it
' 'j: MITCHELL^ 415; Market st/r V r, > ;
MUSICIANS t to 5 Jolnlmllltary : band. ~! 328 f Bush"
-»J st;; third Z floor, % room ,4.'-; ;; ¦ -.<¦¦.- >.
BOY {wanted. . Box : 4584, .Call ; office.
j VWANTED-^-Boy -'. that ';..' has f. worked • at ' uphol-
i> stering/4- Apply i 341 Hayes 3 st'T "--, . .
, BUILDING and loan real estate agents; lexperl-
" "" . ence unnecessary ; . big : money. ; 554 Parrott bg.
GARDENER ! wanted. 850 McAJllBtcrVst. . ;
. W ANTED-^-Two iboys ! f or? machine ¦ shop - Box
' *:i 3979.^ Call ;offloeA;^; ;^-./-^:'/.;j/;i;'- 1 , ? *;
ffiWANTED^-ManUo do" garden I work.". Box 3995*,
;v \fCall olfiee.i . - -
iBBLf , WAKTEP— MAIOB—^ontlnnad.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU/
W '.i .''*-?- '¦"¦"<^-MKi Market St.; room 325. fifth floor.'
* Office : Closed on ' Sunday. - ' , ,
' ;' Bookkeeper's , assistant ; . '. /. . ..$15 to $25 week
Stenographer ...... .\:.... .. ........$15 we«k
. :. Manager; department store .......... $25 week
• Bill and entry clerk. ....'.-.:.. ...'. . . .$15 week
"" Drug clerk. ..: ...................... .$12 week
• Checker . r".T.".*:."T;V'rr.*:rr.'. .... .$15 week
. r - Timekeepers -.'. .%. ; . r. . :..:'. ....".... .$15 week
Accountant ...."...... .$15 to $25 week
Collector ..:....... ..r, ............ .$13 week
Floor, manager. :". .........". .'.$18 week
Two shipping clerks. . ............. .$15 week
General office work.'. .:....:. /.'. . . . .$15. week
Bank clerk. (bond .required).... '.....$25 week
; Young i.man, learn, dentistry.:. ;$10 week
- :-,: ; SOti Market st, room 325. fifth floor.
AT C. R. HANSEN. & CO.'S.^.... 429 Bush st
Office open ¦ to-day.' . Sunday. : '
' ' 10 a. • m. to 12 • m. ¦
•Teamsters and ¦ laborers' . . . .:..."... $2 50
State of Nevada ;T.~ ."".": i...".. Fare only $7 60
' Call to-day '. .... . '. . Ship to-morrow. ¦ Monday
Laborers/, Napa" County ; ... ....... .$1 75 day
Laborers. R. B. . work. - Shasta Co...... $2 day
New R. R. work . . ..;.. All winter , Job
Pick and shovel men. Trinity Co. . .$2 25 day
Axmen, cut right-of-way ..~T$2 day
C.R. HANSEN & CO.... .....429 Bush st.
WANTED— A first- clsfes gardener. Apply 600
¦ Van.New' ave.
BOY. wanted; must "give good reference. Box
4C0O, ; Call office.
ERRAND boy wanted. 23 Sixth St.
EXPERIENCED wrapper wantecl '-' 23 'Sixth
.^street... 1 . "¦-. - - ..'¦.--
FTRST-CLASS" solicitors with Al references.
-Mutual Trust Co. pf S. F.. Market & 7th sts.
ERRAND boy: well recommended. ROGER-
SON'S. 535 Valencia st. :
WANTED— Experienced cigar oalesman; good
salary. : Box 4014, Call office.
CUTTER .wanted in tailor store. Box 4585,
Call office.
1S0Y wanted. Box 4580, Call office.
WANTED— Youths for wrappers. Apply «u-
..'perlntenflent's office. The Emporium.
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try agents; . steady positions.' 247 Fifth st
WANTED— A large manufacturing concern
about to op<*n distributing depot In this sec-
. tlon desires services of reaoonslble man to
take management; salary $1800 per annum
and commissions: applicant must furnish
first-clavs references and $1750 to $2500 cash;
j merchandis* furnished." Address Manufac-
turer, care Nelson Chesman -Comnany, Chi-
cago, -111. . '
CLERKS and carriers . for the Postofflce ser-
vice; examination , soon In ' San Francfsco;
» circular J-l, . giving full particulars about
examinations, salaries, sample questions,
etc.. sent free. National Corres. Institute,
Washington. D. C. or Pacific Coast office,
-027 Market «t. San Francisco, Cal. :
' ""
WANTED — For the country, a typewriter and
stenographer; an unmarried man; will be ex-
pec ted. to assist in general office work. - Ad-
dress, statins at* and' names of previous
employers, C. L. W., box 4000, : Call office.
BUTCHER, good meat cutter,«'to take care of
shop; steady place for eldJrly. sober man;
wages $15. Box :5773, Call office.
WANTED— First-class tailor's cutter. Address
box 3774, Call office.
WANTED everywhere— hustlers to tack signs,
. N distribute circulars, samples, - etc. ; no can-
vassing; good pay. Sun Adv." Bureau, Chicago.
WANTED^— A gVrlRht man, take charge of real
estate department. Box 3631, Call office.
?S5 — BARBER shop for sale; 2 revolving
chairs. 1934 Market st.
TWO 'educated gentlemen for solicitors; no
others . need apply: av legitimate
references required; state particulars; write
for interview; splendid opportunity. Box
3637/ Call office. ¦
MEN to learn barber 'trade; only eight weeks
• required; only Institution teaching the ton-
rorlal art. Cill or write for free catalogue.
. Epeclal offer. ' Mohler Barber College. 649
Sacamento st. .
WANTED— Men and women < to prepare for
;* Government ~ positions. , Apply for free cata-
', logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspcnd-
'-. ence Initltute. Grant bldg.. 1005 Market st.
'WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
.that Ed Rolklr*. Reno House proprietor, has
' nd'led 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 60o per night
FIRST-CLASS Jobbing plumber and roof re-
palrer; state wages and where last em-
ployed. Box 3981.. Call office.
WANTED — Men . to fill 850 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattress, electric
light In every room. 681 Howard "st ' ¦
S. F. Barber College. 741 Howard st," wants all
, young men to know that It has the I finest
equipped school west of St! Louis: red. rates.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. S63 Mission St., bet 1st and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
TRY our mcn> shoes, union mad*: $1 and $1 SO
pair: , foot-form shoes. ..»2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 31 st. Exam." bid. -.open till 9 p.m.
MEN to learn the detective profession. 097
fj Market st, room 104. J
FOR. "ale— A bargain; two-chair barber shop;
, must go East 1608 Devisadero st
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S.;2a Steuart st
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re-
paired by. machinery; sewed soles 10 mln..75c.
SAILORS *nd young men (green hands) for
ships HALLBERT. SI 7 Jackson st
LAEOR debts collected: suits, attachments.'
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r. 413.
PENSION Atty.'. E.A.BuIUs, r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post O. , A. R.
¦ WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms: 35c night; ¦: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMKNTS,' subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of. The CaU for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at' 1008 . Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. . m. ;"....:
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged halt
¦ • price. 563 Mission st. : bet 1st and 2d wts.
BALESMEH WANTED. ' :
SALESMEN— Experienced specialty I preferreil;
.-"opening, for two; one. for, Cal ifornla^. must be
; competent: no salesman, in our employ; paid
below - $250 , a month; ; permanent . Address
Manufacturer, P. O. box 1C53. St/ Louis, Mo.
ACTIVE traveling^ : salesmen; good men are now
• " earning $3000 annually in commissions- best
side. line offered.' D. , T. : WEIR White Lead
;.'¦¦;. Co.. ; St. ¦; Louis, Mo. '
ONE '.traveling; salesman each State; no expe-*
rlence; *. hustlers; permanent: ¦ good pay lib^
eral expense. E. M. ARTHUR CO.. Detroit.
Mich. " .'
TRAVELING salesman, by wholesale house: to
¦ ; sell 'general stores in California; permanent.
.W ataon,. Sales Manager, C6 5th av.. Chicago.
TWO good/experienced solicitors,' city or coiin-'
. , try;. new; poods; very liberal terms. "Apply
room 721 j Starr , King 'bldg.. . 121 Geary st ¦
SOLICITORS— $50 i per ' month straight* salary.
n or * commission S If j desired. • i' Address 1010 W
.Washington st.'.* rooms 6 and >.7.t Oakland.
! A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
- cular. "t G. H.' UMBSEN 4 CO. . 20 Montgomery
LARKIN.I 2102/-,near. r VaIleJc—0 rooms; ; large
\ . . yard ; 1 rent '$20; , water ¦ f ree. ; > ? ;. ' .; . ¦
MODERN -corner"; house; -10 rooms, bath/ base-
;v ment ; and • heater."; 425 : Baker et.".-, cor.-; Grove.
GUERRERO/; 915-^-House '-'¦ 11 rooms ; and bath :
-¦? new j plumbing/; high ; basement r rent ¦ ?27 50.
TO j let— House'i of ¦ 0 < fine '; rooms : i modern ; open
:9 to; 12.- 1 to 5. Inquire .1561; Post..; /
PINE,"; 1435,? near ? Polk— Desirable . . house/ «
I sv rooms and bath: rent reasonable. ;/,¦
¦TOilet— House 720 Corbett ave., beyond Twen-
, - tlerti-st;-rent $20. . ,
:V KOOTSS PTTBlTISgEb— r QB
¦ FURNISHED .?• 8 1 rooms"? arid "!• bath ; S will -sell
; t cheap account . of leaving city ; -good ¦ location
I . - ; 1061 i Mission '; st";>- near.i Seventh. -
FOR f sale-4-Fumlture ( of 1 6 ! or i7 'rooms : house.'
/ - ; 7 i rooms ;* and * bath, j for j rent; j a • home. 043
, -A McAllister ;st^ ;;e ¦ ;j~:'^.-'-. ¦./ -¦;-.. \--, ;-.
: A'. SNAP-i-Sunny ! comfortable/, furnished i roorn^"
i ' "i Ing-house/ 0 ", rooms » and ba th : $27 50 month •
! no ; agent ;; rent .well."* Box ' 3699,-. Cal 1 ; of flee.",
i FOR " sale-^-Cheap; ; furniture of 10- room house;
, .¦ downtown; f$30 t over; rent." ; Box : 4669/ Call.- ¦•-•
• _ - * - • «
' ¦ Sltt : McAllister
j^strffiJTKgftyv-^.--"; .'...';;.'". ¦;. ¦ '¦¦ -./ .- ¦¦ ¦ . . ." -¦' ' '
' - ¦
WTTiIiTTfEBT. . .
ALL one-piece frames. 13c; two-piece frames,
25c; sik velvet 60c yard; long nap plush. $1
yard; silk and chenlle braid, 15c yard; mohwlr
telt $1 yard; French ' felt 60c yard; every-
thing at cut prices. Fleur de Lls Millinery,
5M McAllister st. near Franklin.
MATTBISSrS ATOPHXOW3.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaJdehytf*
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKJB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st: phone South 210.
MUTES AJTP MPTiyP.
WANTED— Party with $5000; one of the beat
mining propositions ever offered on the Pa-
cific Coast; values positively demonstrate*
before Investing: no promoters. Box 46US. Call.
GOLD copper, line mines for sale cheap; soaw
great bargains here near railroad: Address
CHAS. F. BLACKBURN, Victorvllle. Cat
MINER with money would like i to meet sosm
one in GoldfleldsL Box 3603. CaU offlcsw
1 MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO. Crossley bldg.
FOR sale— Rich copper mine In Trinity (X
Box 4305, Call office.
ansciau^Agiioxrs— roat am.
ROCKING HORSES GALLOPING HOR8XB
FOR SALE FOR SALS.
Up-to-date Christmas Present.
- Manufactured on * Premisea. . .
No worthless toy— built for durability, plMU.
ure and comfort of children.
Prices very reasonable — will be sold to chil-
dren en weekly Installments If desired. CaU
and Investigate for yourselves.
E. G. LIND. 675 Harrison st.. near Third.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps.
pulleys, thaf ting, etc, etc., bought, sold.
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
• H. S. WHITE MCHT. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st,
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, Un or shingles; best for new roofs.
KLATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
FOR *il«— New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; w« rent table*
with rrlvll*£e of buying; modern bar fixture* :
cheap prices. BRUN3WICK-BAXiKX-COX»
LENDER. 053 Mission st
FOR sale — Three very large, fine oil paintings;
suitable for saloons or public places; mag-
nificent works of art; will sell at a sacrifice.
Apply Fischer's Theater. San Francisco. .
1 AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry -
and sealskins for sate on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered oo first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 2S Stockton st.
A SNAP — 16- ft cabin launch; most seaworthy
on bay; must sell; cheap. C HACK. 1503 Do-
lores st. -
REPUTABLE plac* to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Princa Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st (formerly at Palao Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid. : catalog free.
; DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
, monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
iroroery St.. room 12. upstairs. -
WANTED — Ladies" fancy dresses: will pay big
prices. MRS. H. JACOBS. 257 Sixth at.;
i phone South 207.
ELASTIC stockings. $2; factory, 107 O»Far-
rell st. (removed from 40 Ellis). JOHN W.
HOPEWELL. _^
FOR statuary, stationery and notions, fresh,
I - clean and reasonable, go to COOLEY*3, 304
I Turk street.
THOROUGHBRED fine Gordon setter puppies:
excellent watch dozs. 2004 Union st, near
Buchanan.
; COLUMBIA graphophone. grand, and fifty
records: half price. 1008 Woolsey st.. South
Berkeley.
BICYCLE: fine condition; complete with coaster
brake, lamp, etc; cost $60; only $15. 1119
Hyde st
FOR sale — Barytone and trombone (silver plat-
ed), and musician's coat. CG Angelica st.
off Nineteenth.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; oak:
almost new; cheat). 1015 Mission st.. near
! Fifteenth.
: AAAA — BUY any amount good 2d-hand ladles'.
':¦ men's clothes. • 922 Fotsom; tel. Folsom 2532.
I BARGAINS in splendid sealskins: size 40. $80;
!¦ size 36. $65. Ralph Friedman. 143 Powell, r.3.
j NEW gasoline and steam engines for autos and
launches below half cost. 2120 Eagle av.. Ala.
GASOLINE engines; 6-hp. automobile. 4-hp.
marine. 20-hp. Otto. 82G Howard st.
I FOR eale — Oil barrel* drums and tanks. GEO.
PARTRIDGE & CO.. 123 California st
I NO. 5 Densmore typewriter, cheap; will trade.
| Address box 4643. Call office.
¦ FOR sale — Galvanic battery; very little used.
> 66 Angelica St., off Nineteenth.
! YOUNG pups for sale, cheap, at 424 Minna
street
I A FINE family cow for sale, cheap; $33. 5813
• Mission at., Ocean View.
I FOR sale — Elegant plateglass mirror; very
; large and finely carved. 1533 Devisadero st.
; INVALID'S reclining roller chair; $10. 13S
; Colllngwood st.
I BEST stumo puller made. Address 190*
I Woolsey st.. South Berkeley. .
• 1 NICKEL counter showcase. 4*4 feet long:
! cheap. A. -J. HENRY. 638 Market st
I OOTART. almost new, at one-third price.
¦ 2221 Pine street
FOR salt— Several coal carts. Inquire 233
' Steuart st
! HANDSOME pillow tops will b« on sale at
536 McAllister. Monday. Tuesday and Wed.
STANDARD power sewing - machines for sals
j at 1157 Folsom st. H. KLAS. <"
A STAMP collection for sale or trade. 64T
Flllirore • st. "
FRENCH poodle and Yorkshire pups for sale;
smalt breed. 608 Ellis »f .
BOOKS and libraries. Holmes pays the high-
est price. 1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741.
FINE tents for sale; extra, cheap. 211 Pine
street
$4 — SINGER sewing machine for sale; in good
. working order. 6C8 Ellis street.
FINE scales and showcases for sale very
Cheap. Apply 211 Pine st
FINE Hall safe 'for sale cheap at 211 Pin*
street ¦ ' ¦
OLD gold. Jewelry exchanged for new. The.
Milton Jewelry Co.. 257 Sixth st
LADY will sell at bargain 3 tailor-made suits;
sizes 30 and 38. Box 3997. Call.
i,, , — __ — ¦
32-FOOT yacht, must be sold; cheap. Box
¦ 4261. Call office.
i CHRISTMAS novelties for sale cheap. 211
¦ Pine st - :
| H. ANDERSON. 26 O'Farrell st— Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer. ¦»;
2D-HAND clothing of all descriptions; highest
price paid. METZ.. 747 *fa Folsom at/..
FOR sale — 6 hp. gas engine. Bay City Iron
Works. Oakland.
BF.AUTIFUL Spits puppies. 1125%" Mission st.
between Seventh and Eighth.
¦ LARGE assortment Lambert indestructible rec-
| orde. 20c each. Box 4682, Call. ;
TWO fine large milk cows: Just calved; good
milkers; gentle: $40 and $45. 140O Florida st.
NEW Siberian squirrel boa, cost $25. for
| $13 5O. 80O McAllister, st
FOR sale — Columbia chainless wheel, cheap.
A. A. DUCANSON. 6T.0 Tennessee st
$50— FINE yrung Jersey-Durham and three-
months-old heifer. 119O 67th st. Oakland.
$75 FOR SO finely bred pigeons, value' $1 to $5
| each. . 2819 Benvenue ave.. Berkeley.
WANTED — Gent's bicycle in good condition,
' cheap. • 1185 Twenty-third a\-e.. Oakland.
'CHEAP — Store and fixtures for sale; splendid
location. .. 1371 Market " st
- . - ¦«¦.'-
SINGEK sewing machine; reasonable; leaving
city. .233 Powell" st . -
.FOR sale — Full dress suit or will trade. What
•have you? 1027 Laguna: phone Page 1271.
FOR.: sale — Newfoundland dog; male; 14
- months : old. 110 Buss st .
REPAIRS. of all kinds of furna«r». ' TOW-
. EY % 3, 378 Fell. st: phone Page 1458.
FOR ¦ sale— -Premium - tobacco tags. Acnly
1006 Val Ada st '
FOLDING bed; bardweod: bureau style- "In
. good condition; price $10. 131 ' Buchanan st¦assrajaaar. ¦ - ¦ ¦¦¦^xhi^iisgtrMtmsmimun^li^RM^tJPsm^^maissie-tnisisfti^i^ nBasaM»«CTweBiBiiai«g»ws»«»nmBj8asj»j
.THE; SkN ; : -I?RANeiSCOA^AIiJ#^ SQND A Y^., OCTOBER 30, V ; 1904:
45
jVi E00MS . POB f H6jJ SX^EPlirrf.f^v
ARDELL.' 13' Page^-2 front 'furnished' hskpg.
, rooms ; gas range : ; ?3 ; ' 2 .in basement, , $2 wk.-
BRODER1CK," 1212— Housekeeping ' rooms to
.-^.let.';-,. ,. ;¦:•.¦ . •-,-¦_¦.;¦>. ....' •-.•.¦¦.;•;•.¦•.
i BRYANT. 444-^Two '' sunny' rooms for house-
IV,' keeping; one fBlngle ; for 'lady; '. ,.' ; "- -..
[ BRYANT. 518— { 10;",4 ,; sunny rooms and yard:
first floor. .¦. ~ '. ¦- ' f . ¦ ¦ '.-
. BUSH, : 1250— Furnished housekeeping and sln-
1 ;. gle: rooms;, reasonable." " ; •:- . , ../ ¦
BUSH. . 1305-^-BeautKui rooms; newly fur-
i nished;. adults: rent f22
; BUSH, 1CS5— I^arge furnished rocm, suitable
' ., for : two,*, $9; also furnished ¦ suite and , 2 ¦ un-
furnished rooms ; for. housekeeping. ,_ ' ' ;
! CHURCH, ; 037, ' between ¦ Twenty-first and
Twent> -second— 2 » rooms,'- furnished or un-
;furnl»ned, with, use of kitchen. :
EDDY, 804— 3 sunny housekeeping rooms with
'.: bath.<,.- ' :.. *¦• , -. . ..¦ ..;.;- ., ¦¦¦ ¦'.-
ELLIS,' 325-^-Two .or three"" rooms for house-
; keepinc ; - ".". ¦¦ ' ".. ., -'.: . ¦ " , ., ...;¦"¦" '
ELLIS, 570— Sunny, front | housekeeping rooms;
; phone, bath, and gas stove. , - ", .
ELLIS, CSO—Twd front i rooms, connected sby
.. folding ! doors, - newly; renovated, .runnihg
.water, .light housekeeping;: also single front
¦ room, runnlns water.
¦ ELLIS, 730 — Large room; grate, 2 closets, $12;
. also parlors and kitchen; modern. Call I to 5.
ELLIS, , e'3G— Three sunny . unfurnished . house-
keeping rooms; yard., ;/V ¦¦' ' .-
ELLISDELL, 217 Poet— Elegant : suite for light
. housekeeping; also single . room; reasonable.
F1LLMOKE. 213 — Large sunny - housekeeping
rooms; hot and cold, water; reasonable. -,. • '.
FIRST;.: 230, . ntar Howard .,— •. 4* , housekeeping
rooms; business location;. rent moderate. .
FOURTH, 223— Nice housekeeping 'rooms; also
, bln~le rooms. ¦
GEARY, .978 — Two beautiful furnished • sunny
front housekeeping rooms; private -bath. ..
GKAR Sf. 1225 — Fine furnished rooms; reason-
-abln; choice neighborhood; all sunny. *
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631— 2 nicely furnished
rooms, complete for light housekeeping. ,
GOLDEN GATE, 1204 — Sunny parlor floor, fur-
nished housekeeping; also single ¦ rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; rent reduced., -
GROVE, 109— Two nice, newly furnished front
rooms for housekeeping for rent reasonable;
use of phone and bath. . '
HARRISON, 2410. bet. Twentieth and Twenty-
first — 2 Ions front- rooms; . furnished; bath;
gas stove. $10. • - . • • •• ;• ¦
HOWARD, 014 — Housekeeping rooms; all con-
veniences; private family.
HOWARD, 1703 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooma;
gas range; bath and laundry. .
JACKSON, 941— Two or ; three housekeeping
rooms; furnished or unfurnished. / '
JESSIE, 323 — One sunny room; gas. range,
sink; furnished housekeeping; $3 week.
JESSIE, 056— Partly furnished room with use
of kitchen, or will sell furniture . and rent -4
"' rooms. Call mornings. - ¦ " . • '
JONES. 617, bet. Geary and Post — Parlor suite,
first floor, with large kitchen and- range; back
yard; sunny; central; for housekeeping; (35. I
JONES, 923, near -Bush— Sunny- housekeeping '
- suite, including kitchen and '. gas; $27; also
back room; tunny; $14. . .
I • -
KEARNY, 104 — 3 unfurnished rooms; bay wln-
- dow; front: sunny; $20; adults; references.
KEARNY, 806, cor. Bush— Nicely ' furnished
rooms, also housekeeping , rooms, and bath.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powall— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, - 1340 Pine—
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
LANGTON, 256% ; — Three sunny nicely furnish-
ed rooms for housekeeping in private family.
LARKIN, 1149 — Single rooms - and suites for
housekeeping.
LIBERTY, 602, near. Castro— Modern- sunny
. kitchen, dining-room,' bath,- 'etc.; warm belt;
$io. . . .;. .,-¦ ¦;;¦/.:..-". :. .'
LYON; '. 1819 — 2 ' sunny front ' furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping 1 .. .„,"...
MISSION, 581, i near;. Becond-^Bedroom i and
kitchen, furnished complete, for -housekpg.
MISSION, 872 — Furnished housekeeping rooms ;
' first : floor. .; , ' ¦¦<.:-.¦-. ¦¦¦¦.;.;?*¦-¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦. .
MISSION, 937, bet -Fifth and Sixth — Two
housekeeping-rooms. , -¦ ¦•- ' -
x '¦ - ' -
MISSION, . 954— 2 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping. ¦ , . .
MISSION, 1135 — Front suite, i complete- for
housekeeping; gas, bath and phone; to let
Nov. 6. . • ¦
NICELY furnished front rooms for housekeep-
ing. 305 Sutter st :. ..
NINETEENTH, 3401 A— Furnished and unfur-
. nl?hed rooms for, housekeeping.
NINETEENTH/8527 — Three connecting rooms;
. .light housekeeping. >:¦ • .' ' • ..' . . . ¦
OAK, 117— Complete , for ¦ housekeeping, $5 to
: $12;; gas range; hot bath; adults.
PIERCE. 3014— Three . eunny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; gas and bath; rent $15.-
PINE. 1909. near Octavia — Unfurnished large
double parlors. with kitchen;, two and. three
- room . elegantly » furnished suites. - : ¦
POLK,' 5%— 3 'clean housekeeping rooms, nice
- single room; all sunny; very reasonable.
POST, I 217. t near ' Grant '• ave.— Elegant front
suite; alao single room; reasonable.
POST; 962— Eunny front eulte, $20; also pleas-
, ant suites, $12. $14. $18; elngle. rooms'. $8.
Rcsallnd,' world renowned spiritual clairvoyant
• - psychic ' palmist. ¦ 10 , Powell ' st ' (The ¦; Earl.)
SCOTT, 225, near Halght— 3 furnished house-
> . keeping ¦ rooms ; . also one . large alcove room ;
sun alfday. ; < ¦;'"¦¦. :¦ -<.:¦",-
' SCOTT, 800— NE. corner; nicely furnished; ex-
I'.tra «unny; 2, 3or 4 rooms.-: ; • .
SECOND. '¦¦.: 140— Nice rooms for housekeeping
_ln'«:ood location. ; - :. . .-..
SEVENTH,*, 191-^-Sunny front bay-window
: housekeeping rooms; one or more. :-;..' ¦ .
SEVENTEENTH. .- 3353, near Valencia,"—
.. Kitchen; with one or two bedrooms; free gas*
¦.". $14 cr$20. ; . ; ;• . '.-'¦ '..¦.-. .'. : •
SHOTWELL. -.121; near Sixteenth— Two or three
¦ sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
SILVER. .SS-^-Back and- front parlor; 'use .-of
. kitchen. . > - .'__ - '/ , ¦
SOUTH PARK,' 12t>-To let. '4 unfurnished
• . rooms • for.' housekeeping; ; no ; children.' ' .; 'y- ;,
¦ STEVENSON. "¦ 457— Fine . large front room ; use
' of kitchen; $8 month ; -,-_ working; : woman.'.'-:"-
TEHAMA. 478/ near Sixth— $12} 3 rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; no children.- • '• .'•
UTAH, 638,' nr." 18th' and ' Potrero are.— House-
• keeping In ' ; sunny ¦ cottage ; -., gas, < slnk.v hot
- : and cold " n 1 1 1 lifli'lHF I 'IMlllUM MltBHlUL'J^ui-
. VALENCIA,' 1021-f-Housekeeping: rooms to liti
VAN NESS ave.,M407— Newly, furnished parlor
floor; .will separate; otherrooma, $8 up.:;' ;.'>;.-;
WILLOWS ave., 8.' oft ; Larkin,; near * Eddy—
; Lower; floor, . 3 * hskpg. ; rooms;'; no ; children/': j
ADVERTISEMENTS,' subscriptions received 'at
; Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church j sts.
A' WEEK'S newVfor 5 cents— The Weekly Call.'
;,*16 page*.' In wrapper/ for mailing. $1 per year.-,
.;;..;•;:;;'-:" AgABTMSHT Hotrags."-^:; •-;;;
ST. LOOTS.- 157B . Jackson-^Martns view; : »¦«-»
.'.. rooms : furn: or unfur. : / r«fs. >; TeL ¦ East IU*.,
j aOOMS |TO 1 lOT~Tiiau;f and \ vituru.%
A— ' f THE ' AUDITORIUM •: HOTEL. '.
" THE 'AUDITORIUM .* HOTEL. / ¦' . ,
'¦( -115 AND 117 EDDYiST.
gpaaaWEns and iit eddy- 8T.flH9E
s MOST MOnERNUND t UP-TO-DATE HO,
TEL . DOWNTOWN ; / 160 1 rooms ; 85 S UITE8
. WITH " ¦<! PRIVATE '¦'- BATH ; J ELECTRIC
:,:•¦¦ LIGHTS : STEAM HJ3ATED , THROUGH.
'OUT: ; IN. EVERT SROOS;
"BUITES WITH BATH. $1 BO TO U 60/PER
- :. D AY: • SINGLE >¦ ROOMS. 76o i TO Jl ; iHOT
>.WATEBDAY AND NIGHT.: TELEPHONE
. BOUTH>1041.:^ .,. : j ,- -.: ,',. ;'¦::.-- /,-' ..>
>.;¦--=.. Ti.-' /'. ASH WORTH .HOTEL. :
820 Mason st; * bet 1 »Oeary; and 5 O'Farrell. ¦
Rooms " with - or s without private : bath.T >v ~ 4 •
* >: News addition^ lust' comDleted; t entire * house
newly : , sun . in ¦ rooms rail day. . . ¦
; BEAVER; 1 ' 12— Furnished '- rooms, > elprt* "arliai
; ; *«uHe;*l?block.'from'Castro;car_; .¦-; ""¦,.
5OOMS TO ' XiET— rnrn. and ' TJnf nra. ',
A SPLKN DID -piaiai. tor. "gentlemen and'" f am-'
; '- Hies -where -they 'may' enjoy the luxuries ef
moaern apartments at very moderate prices.
,. The Newton. ¦- WE. : cor. . Market and Larkin. •
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth st— Rooms
¦. 25c to $1 per night,. fl 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rpoma ; - open ~ all night 7 "
AT "The. Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. .1
Flfthst.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. *1. $1CO night:
$1 50;to.$10 week; .house open all night
BELMOND house; over Owl "drug store: 2 en-
~ trances, - 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
- lights; .'running water In every room;. 200
rooms; 25c .to. Me per night; $1 25 to W week.
BRYANT, 412— Furnlahed room to let.
BUSH, 133$— Sunny small room for lady. Tel.
• ; Sutter 1C30. . . . '
CASTRO,' 421— Double furnished front parlor
/.suite. ..•¦:...' ¦-.'¦ - ¦.¦•-¦¦..-
CHELSEA. '6, "off Bush near Powell — Sunny
- room overlooks Sutter st. ; reasonable.
CENTRAL ave., SU—Furnished room.
! CLAY. 2413-^-Nlcely furnished room to let
DUBOCE ave.; 231, .near Guerrero— $12; 4
rooms. ¦, - . --*•' .- -. ' v ¦'. ;..- : ¦ ¦ ¦ . - .-'- ".¦
EDDY, 3,* corner, * Market, Powell and Eddy —
Offices, and furnished roo-ns; reasonable.. "• 2
EDDY, 499— For rent, newly furnished, sunny
front rooms; running water; close In.
EDDY. 1407— '.* i
FURNISHED ROOMS.
¦ • - ; i
ELLIS, 611 — Newly . furnished, sunny rooms:
$2 to $5. week; first-class., quiet; bath.
ELLIS. 882 — Two newly furnished rooms, sult-
. able for 2 or 4 persona.' "
ELLIS, 88tt, near .Van Ness— Elegantly fur-
nlshed . double parlors;, suitable for two or
three gentlemen; to let singly or en suite.
ELLIS, 1038— Large sunny . room; . private;
¦ phone; '$12; also large room, $8; new flat.
ELLIS, '1122— Sunny, furnished room; folding
..bed, I electric . light, running water; use of
bath and phone; reasonable.
ELLIS, 1436 — Sunny room; reasonable; board
or not; private family. ¦ .' ' "
ELLIS. 1504 — Nicety furnished rooms to let.
FIFTH." 411— Newly furnished • front sunny
room In new flat;' walking distance from
Third and Market sts.
FOR a neat room in a' respectable house go to
the furling. 404 Third at.
FRANKLIN, 721, near G. G. ave.— Sunny fur.
front room; all conveniences; rent |10. ..
FRANKLIN, 1518 — Sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished; running water; phone, . bath;
references. ,_
FREDERICK; : 857 — Front room for rent; fur-
nished or unfurnished. - -
FURNISHED rooms to let. Apply 704 How-
ard st
GOLDEN GATE 'ave.. 315— Nicely furnished
rooms. , . • . . _ •
GOLDEN GATE ave.; 817— Room to let
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847— Nice front suite or
.single room; private and quiet
GOLDEN OATE ave.', 930 — Unfurnished room;
¦ a l larjce front room facing Jefferson Park.
GOLDEN OATE AVE.. 1033-r-Nlce ¦ sunny fur-
; nished rooms to let; near Jefferson park.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; 11 60 to f.8 wk.; reading-room.
GRANT ave., Ill (The Astoria)— Heart of
city; pretty furn. rooms: $1 day; >3 wk. up.
GROVE. 216, bet. Van Ness • ave. and Frank-
lin — Nicely furnished room for rent; reason-
¦ able; good locality. . . .
HAMPTON place, IS— Nice rooms; quiet, cen-
tral; reasonable rates... '. ' ." .. .
HAWTHORNE, 8— Two large • housekeeping
rooms ; gas ; bath.
HAYES. 474— Bunny ¦ front ' room, single; $6;
i also double room $8. . ¦ . • . - j
HOFF . ave.; . 88 — A large sunny front room
:'i for; rent. ¦ ' / •
HOWARD," 614— Furnished -rooms .to let
HOWARD, 710 — Large - sunny rooms at low
rates; 25o to $1 day and 11 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 1020— Furnished rooms. . . ¦ . -
HOWARD. 1039 — Furnished room to let.
N " ~~~- — ' — ,/ '.
HOWARD, 1207— Furnished room to let •
HOWARD, 1763 — -A large,' sunny room, suitable
for one or two gentlemen; reasonable. ¦-
HOWARD," 2476— Young man of good habits to
room In private family; large sunny room,
'suitable for two. "¦ ... '.;• .-. •>..,_¦
HOWARD, '' 2700— Sunny front room, with or
without board; reasonable; quiet
HYDE, 1 330— Large room; suitable for' two;
private family; reasonable. v *
JONES. 423— One large, sunny room to let .
JONES,- 943,' near Pine— In modern flat; sunny
. well j furn. ; comfortable; ' convenient; . reas.
JONES.' 1801— Nncely furnished Bunny • room
for gentleman. . ;
KE-ARtrW) 215— Front room suitable for office
* orbedrooen. " ¦¦:.¦:- .¦ ";•'- ¦ • ¦
KEARNY. 229 — Sunny suites; also single
rooms; -rent reasonable; phone Black 4448.
LARKIN. : 139— Furnished rooms to. let ¦
LARKIN,,' 827 % — Furnished ' housekeeping
\ rooms. ¦¦ ."•'¦ j
LARKIN.'. 804 — Sunny back room, for . one or
.•two gentlemen, • |7; single ' back • room • with
; stove. $5. .¦;,"'.; •
LAGUNA st, 010, nr. G. O. ave.— Wanted, oc-
- cupants for sunny ¦ handsome , parlor suite;
1 unfurnished. .
LEAVEN WORTH, 2245— Rooms to let
LILY ' ave. ,\ 134, , near." Octavia st-^rNlcely fur-
nished-room; ¦ private' family; , gas," phone;
•-/reasonable. ' .-....,...:•..,". .¦-... < ¦ ' -.
LINDEN .''ave., - 315-^-For . rent, * small .sunny
S. -room;; gas; gentlemen..- , ;.. , , . .
MARKET, TlO-^Front' suite rooms; newly, ren-:
ovated; prices reasonable.^fiS^CSSBKSiafc^^fv^
MARKET. 10&7H— Nicely furnished, sunny
.j.roomB.i '•¦-;••.¦¦.."¦.¦•;;¦,' ¦"...'¦ .»'. .¦_.¦: ¦,
MARKET, '1049 (The Falmouth)— Eunny rooms;
?2 50 to $7^ week; .baths; elevator. ,v . ,, :,
MCALLISTER,'. 30-^-Very large,' sunny room; 1
• : double : and 2 ¦ single beds; gas, , water; also
'nice/; large; pack parlor.'.
' MCALLISTER, ; 1065--Nlcely . furnished • • room
.vforione.or two gentlemen. A.. ¦.-,-¦¦¦.•.¦';. .
• MCALLISTER. '¦, 1913— Furnished rooms.
MCALLISTER,. 2316— Nicely 'furnished rooens,!
for, gentlemen; bath," gas, etc. -^s^^j^-i
MONROB.Ja V4', : . o« \ Bush,' - above V Stockton—
¦>i Sunny. front. suite;:new; $18.. 'v'-Vi'; ¦ v.; - ; ':".
MBTROPOLITAN i Hotel. > 129 ».Thlrd st.— 40O
•-; single ' and family rooms 35o to $1 BO per day.
. $2 to SB per. wetk; ths only new and modern
/ . i hotel '.' and * rooming-house -," IB i San ' Francisco
that has of Hce on eround floor, hot and cold
• > water, 1 eleeulo < lights, I call bells, . lUtm heat
' - In: every room and elves free baths an,d ele-
vator eervlce day and nliht to its guests. -
MINNA.-439— Furnished room to let.
MINNA,' '' 1014; *¦ near i Eleventh— 4 * sunny , rooms
..and yardr rent $15..;" /;-;,:- v - - ,' \.. -v . /
MIS81ON.1* 836-^-Furnlshed ),y and unfurnished
., rocir.a ' to let. \ ... ¦_ .-*., £&5!&ii£f%S3S£MBRtk
MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh— Larfe/i.' sunny
;^f ront i room>.with ; carpet ; ; one; or^t wo persons. •
JMlSSIONrv 27C8— Nicely ' furnished " front; room
- - X00U5 ATSTD BOABS. .
SELECTED furnished front room, steam heat.
" not and cold running- water, private bath; la
prtvute family; with board if desired; a walk
from town. Bo» 3793. Call office.
FULTON. 1313— Large sunny room for gentle-
man and wife or two single gentlemen: heat-
ed by furnace; references required; phone
Park 746. , ¦ ¦ > ... .
YOU . NO J lady (employed) to board and room- In
refined private faintly: $22: Western Addi-
ction. Box 4649, Call office.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1031. near Jefferson
Park— Sunny, furnished rooms; bath; -good
board; $20. $23; $32 and $3tf per month.
HA , IO .HT. OS. near Market— Handsomely fur-
nishe.1 room; sunny aid*, with good Oer-
maa board. -.
POST. 1115— Large sunny roortl. suitable for
J^o Toung- ladles employed during day. with
board. .
ELI i. I ) S * J 230 — Furnished rooms with choice
table board; reasonable.
THIRD. -17— A sunny front room, with board.
reasonable, for working lady. . - • *
B hfard TC0 ~ Nlcel3r furnished rooms. - wltb^
GEARY, 120S— Elegantly furnished rooms with
- boaru for., single persons -or couple. . ''
TURK, 115»— Very laree front room, suitable
for 3 gentlemen, with board; reasonable.
EJ.LIS. 433— Nice furnished rooms, with, first-
claes French table board.
Neatly furnished rooms, with or without
board; reasonable. 123 Steiner »t> . "
HOWARD. 841A-Flrst-class board and roota.
single or double. $3 week; American family.
6t SJ?^?°n . M * n »'°n. °PP- Grace Church annw.
807 California— See rms. learn prices.try tablet
V "^^ CI n- M6 - L a^. sunny rooms; good
board; all conveniences; warm belt. .
WASHINGTON. 1518-Strlctly flrst-cla*. ele-
gantly furnished rooms; excellent table.
A f^* ! ? : ? TIS^ M E XTS ' '"f-^Pttons received at
can Branch office. cor.Dupcan and Church sts.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents — Th« Weekly CalL
<" rares. In wrapper, for maillnir. $t per year.
HOUSEKEEPCTO BOOMS WAJTXD.
HOUSEKEEPING rooma wanted , by couple-
oinc^'JaSS,'^ r » rUcalar »
ROOMS VABTSD. : - -
WANTED— Two or three furnished housekeep-
ing rooms In Oakland. Alameda or Berkeley
couple; state- price. Box 4393. Call office.
RESPONSIBLE parties wish to tak« charge, of
a roomlngr-hou»e in return for faoaseJceeDtcx
rooms. Box 45S8. Call office. * 1 " ua * > * co » > ' n *
LADY stenographer wants sunny room; run-
•; B;x g 4 6 T i n 3: e c : an b^cy t and °"^
f V:™ ll!ned rooms for house-
\£?£5r kltchen « bedroom, parlor with fold-
lng bed; reasonable. Addresa box- 4379. CalL
7 dy> 8unay room ' furnished or
unfurnished; Western Addition, at $5 per
month. Bo* 4631. Calf office. " ' P
WANTED— 4 rooms furnished; north of Mar-
Ket; not over ?18 month-. Box 4683. Call.
TWO furnished rooms for housekeeptar near
Powell-st. earhouse. J. M. E., 1015 Market
1^ "nfuralshed rooms; 10 mln-
utes walk Buah and Kearny. Box 3623, Call.
SL S B taan wishes sunny room In Western
Addition with private family. Box 3767.-Call.
°°^T LE wan » 2 .furnished houaekeeplna; rms.:
not to exceed $12; central. Box 377S, CalL
BY young couple. 2 or 3 connecting- hskpr.
rooms; east of Van Ness.. . Box 4591, Call.
W^^F^n r ,t Unfurni8hedr0OffiS - ~^^
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tb* Weekly CalL
18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
THE sewing machine exchange of the coast i a
k>cated at 015 Market st. If you 'wish.- to
g&^U^S- P^Ptra^en^Wy
ALL makes; second hand $2. $5." $7 la- oew
$4. $8; drop heads. 5'draVer gW&Voak'
; $15: rented and repaired; lowest- rates? nv
Uonal .Automatio Sewlni Machine. Co.: Us
Sixth St.; phone Jfeaala 3790. - TrT
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use' best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
Price; all kinds rented lowest rates. -Domes-
tlc office. 1021 Market st. near 3 fa thT"^
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5 is- nlisht'T
used $10. $15. $20, you know whe£' thl dolls
swing in the window. 1051 Market sf ..
80CIAX.
TROLLEY parties, cluoi, ' J 'tntarniii£t. look
here: a chance to make merry; coxy, dance-
hall and dinners to suit any purs* at Ivy
Gardens. Ocean Beach terminal of electric
car lines. Make arrangements af room 211.
Mnlrhead building. Market and Larkin^ats^
' : g ? 0 ?- .py 1 ** 111^!- _ . . . ' _
GUARANTEED cure; send BOc^ tablet forin
mailed In plain packatre: has cured thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.,S<F.
st u TTiiitTjy q aitp BTAmonmrQ.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and MarksiT
curea; eatab. In 8. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to a p. m.
_ PB0P03AI.3. .
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Notlco
to Contractors, Builders and -Material Men:
Notice la hereby given that sealed bids ar»
solicited for performing; the * labor and fur-
nishing tha materials for an addition to tho
Harmon gymnasium, on the grounds of the
University of California, at Berkeley, • Cal. .
and said bids will be received at 1 th* office
•; of the Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at or
before 12 o'clock noon of November 5. '1904.
No bids will be considered unless accorapa-
nled by a certified check or bond of bidder In
favor of the Regents of the University ' of
. California, equal to ten (10) per cent Of his
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said bid be accepted the bidder will duly
-enter Into a proper contract and rive, boa d
faithfully to perform the duty and obligations
In accordance with said bid and .with ths
plans and specifications which are hereby re-
quired to b« a part of such . contract • -Tha
right to reject any or all bids la "hereby re-
served. By order of tha Commute* on
Grounds and Buildings of the Board of Re-
gents. V.H. HENDEKSON. Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for construction.— Office of Con-
structing Quartermaster, Walla - * Walla,
Wash.. October 28th. 1904.— Sealed proposals.
In triplicate, will be received In this of2c«
until 10 o'clock a. m., November Both.' 1904
and then opened, for* the material and labor
required In the construction of two double
sets of trick barracks (two companies each)
,' at ' Fort Walla Walla. Wash. • ¦ Information
and. blank forms will be furnished upon ap-
plication to this office. Th« right Is reserved
' to reject any or all bids. - - or any ¦ parts
thereof. Plans and specifications can be seen
- at this office, or that of Chief Quartermas-
ter, Department of California. San Francisco.
- and- Quartermasters at. Boise Barracks.
'. Idaho; -Portland. Oregon; Seattle and- Fort
Wright Washington. All bids must stats the
time of completion. Envelopes containing
proposals should be Indorsed "Proposals for
\ public buildings.: Fort Walla Walla, Wash.."
- and addressed to NOBLE • H. CRXAOER.
Captain and Quartermaster. U. B. A.
• OTOltAOjE . ATO WABSH0T/8IS. .
TO lease for terra of Tears,- building for stor-
age and mfg. purposes; must be strong. ¦ suit-
able for heavy work; well lighted; about 104
feet square: 3 or 4 stories and basement
Box 3833. Call' office. ;
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.: furniture.
household goods stared, moved, shlped. - 723-
j * 731 Howard St.- nr. Third: phone Grant 181.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER.', prea. ;
. " furniture moved, packed, shipped and .stored.'
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving ¦ Co., of.
.. flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prt Ex. 571.
CONK LIN'S Storage^ — Furniture and merchaa<
dlse. " 833 Golden ¦ Gate avg. : phone East 12ft
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. 54«
MUrlon St.; tel. Howard 941. I. W. Zshfuas.
PACIFIC Storage and ¦ Furniture Moving; Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st ; phone Jackson 281
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Menttora*rj
st: tel. MilnlMQ.' Shipping at cut rates.
V SPSCIAIi gOTICTCS. .'¦¦"•
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kl?
. Orphanage-of 520 Lake' St.. 'San .Franctseo,
has received th* following orphan and hai;
orphan -girls, from' July • 1 to-OCt- 1; 19<>».
Louise CanneniU. aged 0 years; Evelyn C.
Nielsen, aged 7 yezrs: -Satarnlna ; 'Martin,
aged 10 years: Detores Martin., aged 7 years
Emma B. Balrd.' aged. 3 : years. <i moittbj:
Ruby Karl, aaed 7 yearn » months; Ztni
. Komley, aged 1 year 2 months; Besat« Tui-
• ner, aged 7- years;: Edna Turner, .aged I
. .years: Grace Turner, aged 3 years fl month* .
For 'Additional Classified Advertise.
inents See Page -1 0.
| BOOMS -TO LET— rnrn. and TJaf urn.
MISSION. 2342— Large sunny front bay-wtn- v
dow room in new flat, .with running water
' "and lar-e closet; all.:new. furniture; -use of
'phone; references required. ' '. ¦- .
j ' ¦ - t ' ' ' ~~T —————.
i MOSS, 23 — lrooni to let
NATOMA, . 623A— A nice furnished front room
- to let. .
NICE rooms; quiet central; reasonable rates.
' IS Hampton place.
NOE, 577 — To let, a'T>leasant. convenient sln-
srle front room; roust be Jieen to be appre-
' : Olated. . '"••;, ;¦;_--< •
OAK. 42. near Van* Ness and - Market— Nice
- ; large : furnished sunny front parlor to let;
" rent : reasonable. • • - . . ' - .
OAK GROVE ave., 19. between Fifth and Sixth
sts., off . Harrison — Large front parlor, suit-
able tor -2; everything • brand new; -sun all
day; gas, bath, laundry: also houskpg. room.
O'FARRELL, 556 — One sunny. furnished room;
quiet block; near business center.
O'FARRELL. 1127— A nice. **unny room and
.kitchen; nicely furnished; bath, phone; pri-
vate house.
PACIFIC. 1426-.A rocm to let. *
PASE, 20 — 2 neat rooms; private house; $5
and $8; bath.
PINE. 827, cor. Powell— Nicely furnished single
and double sunny rooms; running water; $9
and vr.
PINE, 012. near Mason— One large, furnished
; - front room; light housekeeping if desired: sun
I all day; run. water, grate, bath, phone; $20.
PINE. 952— Beautifully furnished front con-
[ nectlng rooms; refined family.
PINE. 1300. corner Hyde — Eunny corner suite;
• bath, phone.
POLK, 336. cor. McAllister. 1 block from City
Hall — Large front room; two men; $12. >
POWELL, 415— Sunny furnished rooms; $8 to
$12 per month. / . -
i ROOMS to let In private house. Box 3650,
i Call office.
i - ¦ ¦ . * i
ROOM to rent Address 730 Fclsom st ¦» ,
ROOMS to let; newly papered. Inquire SCO
Howard st
ROYAL HOUSE, 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, S8« to $1 SO; week, $2
to $8: 'month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ST. REGIS. Hyde and Ellis — New house, new
furnishings; fresh and clean; hot and cold
water; baths; everything sanitary; elevator
service; if sunshine and cleanliness is an ob-
ject tee these rooms; J3 per week up.
SACRAMENTO. 1510— Nice, sunny front room:
gas. bath and phone; rent reasonable. '
SACRAMENTO. 1514 — One or two • desirable
rooms; also nicely ' furnished, sunny, front
parlor, piano. Phone Larkln. 2025.
SAN JOSE ave., 267 — A' newly furnished sunny
front room for gentleman.
* i
EANSOME, 621 — Rooms - to let
SANCHEZ, 800— Large, sunny sitting-room.
bedroom and kitchen; reasonable: all sunny.
SCOTT, 251 — Nice sunny suite; one or two
gentlemen; no other roomers: $12-$15; refs.
SEVENTEENTH. 3344— Large. Bunny bay-wln-
dow room; running water; suitable for two
gentlemen.
8IXTH. 814— Furnished rooms. ''
SHOTWELL. 1042. nr. 25*h— Sunny, furnished
rooms, with board; cheap.
SOUTH PARK, '8*-^Honsekeepln»; room.
SOUTH PARK. 130— Single furnished room.
SIXTH, 118— Rooms to let. • i
BTANTON, 1492— Sunny furnished room.
•STEVENSON, 281— Furnished rooms to let
SUTTER, 717 — Front or back sunny room; run-
,nlng water, grate, closet; 8 minutes to town.
SUTTER. 1000— Nicely furnished front and
" small room: bath. -
SUTTER. 1105— Large furnished front bay-
window room; also smaller room adjoining*
running water. '
TAYLOR. 21 — Elegantly furnished rooms;
suites and single; modern conveniences.
TAYLOR. 21— Elegant front suites and single;
hot water; steam heat; elevator; $2O-$3O mo.
TAYLOR, 615B — Handsome sunny room, suit-
able for two; $10; also alcove suite,, water,
bath. .< i . . _.
TAYLOR, 710 — Large sunny front room; suit-
able for two; phone Larkln 4048.
TEHAMA; 62— Furnished room to let.
TEHAMA, 68 — Rooms to let
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— PO8ITTVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT. AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE'Laretimont. 361 Sutter— New brick bldg.,
finely furnished: hot, cold water, steam heat
¦ privilege to baths: $2 50 to $5 per week.
THIRD, 85— Room to let
THIRD. 87— Nicely furnished rooms; single
or en suite. : ; .•¦ '.-. -
THIRD, 325 — Sunny room* to let.
THIRD. 620 — Two large front rooms to let;
use of kitchen and bath.
THIRTEENTH. 268, near Mission — Newly fur-
nished room to let; suitable for two; bath;
phone.' . /
TO let— Furnished room, with modern con-
',. venlence. Apply 1584_ Bush st -;
TURK, 627 — Nice front room to rent In private
; family;. near Van Ness ave.'
TURK. 1 1159— Nicely furnished rooms; In choice
¦ location. - ¦ — : . - .
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — tOO
rooms S5c to $1 night $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas),. running. water In every
.-room; elevater, read. -room; free bus, baggage.
VALENCIA; '¦ 210— Large sunny room: private
.^family." . . : • ' . .
VALENCIA. -523 — Furnished -or unfurnished
¦ rooms to let. .
VAN NESS ave, 1021— Nicely. furnished room;
'."-, running .water: phone; 18. -
VERMONT,-' 449, near . Seventeenth— Sunny
'-; furnished rooms in new house.
WASHINGTON." : 028— A. 1 neatly furnished
room, "with ; gas, . bath and every conveni-
ence; cheap. .. -¦ :
WEBSTER, 1520 — Nicely . furnished rooms to
: . let .-¦'*—;-¦¦.' ...:•¦'¦¦- ; ¦¦ ' ¦
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
3.1c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to *s week; elevator;
elec. light*;. reading-room; free bus;. baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice
furnished rooms for 15c "per night up; els-
Bant transient rooms, COc per night ¦
; ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office.' cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH ¦ of flea of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and < subscriptions has
I ¦¦:¦¦: been ' opened . at > 1008 ' Market Bt; opposite •
-'Fifth. Open; until: 11 p. m. : '. - - ¦¦;¦
-."-. booms *Ajn> ; BOJJtp ;,wA3rrap.
TWO adulta'want'two nicely ! furnished.' sunny
; : - rooms.Vs with • unexceptionable board; ¦ below,
Octavia; state price and particulars. Address
:,•; box 2936.; Call office.. ' ' : / .-
SUNNY, room and board wanted In a private
.>.- family by a - young lady; •' $25. .'. Box • 4044.*
Call of ac*.
j MOT7EY*TOrsioA.i?-^Continne<t. ., .
/ MOXEY loaned on diamonds, vratches jewrtry; .
j confd. Diamond I'arlrr Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt. i
i KTAK Loan' Co. of V/yonainjt loans to salaried 1
: employes. Room 3^1. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.,
ALLloacs en diamonds and jewelry at 2 per cent '
mo. g. F. Collateral Loan Dank. 533 Krarny. t
3 % ON furniture A pianos; $15 Up: no removal:-
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 0 Eddy «t.
CA8H loaned Falarled p«ople on notes without
Indcrt^r. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED. , j
2500 WANTED as a mortgage on Richmond ;
property: best location. Addresa box 1100.
Call office. Oakland. •
*30<iO-J30CO PROMOTE valuable patent; inves- j
tigation solicited; no agents. 1320 O'Farrell i
-St.. 7-9 p. to.- •:;,'- '
WANTED— $1500; reasonable interest: real
eetate security. Box 4C5H, Call office. -
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
20 PIANOS must.be sold by Oct. 1; to dis-
pose of these high-grade instruments in the
few days remaining, prices have • been cut
ridiculouely low and easy terms can 1 be ob-
tained; mch well-known makes as Draper
Bros.. Stodard, Wtntermuth & Co., Stanley
tc. Sons are offered for $133 and (14U for
both' mahogany and walnut cases: a few
squares at $25 and $35 each: Simplex Piano
Player* at $123 and $150: this is positively '
your last chance; tirst come first served; no j
reserve. 769 Market St.. second floor. j
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS: i
Mussard— Small upright, fine order. !
i Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable. i
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year. -
Chiekerin* — Mahogany case, perfect order. "
Weber — Mahogany case. 3 pedals, like new, *
from $85 up: easy payments: all guaranteed. \
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell «t. |
RARE violins for sale; Francesco Ruggeri. i
Domiolcus Montaguai.^. Sebastian Klots, '
CeasAr Glglt. HERMAN MULLER. violin •
maker. 2 Latham place. S. F. |
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, $3
•per month: one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTA2. 500 Hayes at.
MUSIC boxes, art hall clocks; fine repairing.
PAUL MONACO. 033 Market Et.. ground
floor.
PURCHASER for fine Chaee piano; nearly new.
Apply between 10 and 12 a. m., 1G49 Howard.
FOR Bale — Fine Martin guitar; nearly new; '
very cheap. 1321 Sanchez St.. near 27th. j
KLEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
801 Eddy st. ¦ •"' '
$i>0— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap, i
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st. ¦¦¦ j
A PRIVATE party left Flecher upright to be
aold; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy planor. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHJIITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby Rrand:
Shontnger. little uyed. Keeffe'y. 285 O'Farrell
oragcnBS Aarp STOBES tolet.
STORE~TO RENT!
FIRST-CI^ASS LIGHT SAMPLE-ROOM
OR SALESROOM; 120x37:0; FIRST FLOOR;
$75 A MONTH. APPLY 409 MARKET ST.
ELEGANT offices: new Italian-American Bank
bldjc.. SE. cor. Mont ry. & Sacto.; light and
sunny. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgy.
ONE-HALF furnished office In Hearst (Ex-
aminer) building. Apply room 518, Exam-
iner CUil<2i£7.
DIAMONdT 819— Store and kitchen: will make j
a nice living for man and wife; $10.
STORE to let: 2 rooms in rear. 1478 Valencia '.
St.; rent $12. •; ¦ ;
A SUNNY office, suitable for chlrooodist or
light business. Inquire Dentist, 838 Market.
FOR rent — Desk room or half of nice suite
offices. 430 Cros?ley 'building.
LARGE store to let. with two plateglass win-
dows. 226 Sixth Bt. _^_
PABTITERS -VrAKTEa.
! PARTNER with $5000 wumted to start hard- |
ware, stove and plumbing establishment in j
growing town of fine prorpects near San
Francisco. For particulars address box 4026, 1
Call office, " '
¦___:_ PEB30NAXS.
FOR men only; every man who Is weak can
add many years of happiness to bis life by
using Cactus Cure; it cures all- vital weak- I
ness, nervous' debility, ' atrophy. - stricture, ;
varicocele etc by stimulating the , blood ,'
supply; It feeds and quickly builds up new ;
tissue; that'e Cactus Cure; gives great vigor :
to all men;. an outwardly applied salve
which rejuvenates and permanently sustains: |
one application proves its merit; write for :
free trial box or send 50c for $1 bcx. Cac- ;
tus Product Co.. 364 Slbley building. Phil-
adelphia, Pa. ¦ \
WANTED— All men with bowed, hollow or
crooked legs to eend for our free illustrated
booklet describing the Rhonemous Leg Im-
prover (patented); can not be detected; made !
of aluminum: so light you don't know you i
have them on; correspondence confidential. !
Consolidated Novelty Co.. Springfield, Ohio, j
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, emallpox pit- |
tings, bagginess of . eyes or any blemish of |
the face, Mme. GUllngham Invites you to
call and investigate her wonderful and 1m- j
proved method. : known to no other in this |
I city: demonstrator can be seen . daily. 143
Stockton st.: write for booklet. . .
A reliable cure for superfluous hair, B. B. B.
English Caramel; XI a treatment: free dem-
onstration; keep gkln smooth and beautiful; I
prevent wrinkles by using our Skin -Food;!
&Ot; Jar. Elite Dermatology Institute. 838 Mkt '
A LADY from one Bide of who*e face I have
harmlessly removed wrinkles can be seen at
Union Drug Co., Stockton and O'Farrell sts.
"Hints on Health and Beauty" free; costs
nothing to call or write. M. ELLA HAH- i
HIS. Pharmacist, 128 Geary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray. hair, 'im-
proves its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain, or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac j
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia, I
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for (
over 20 years; price fiOc. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk st.. S. F.
ANTISEPTIC PREVENTIVE CAPSULES.
These are ¦ strictly reliable and guaranteed
not. to fall; SO capsules, $1, or 20 capsules,
&0c. at office or Bent postpaid. DR. WAR-
REN PORTER, 86 Geary st., room 48.
I WILL not be responsible for bills contracted
t,y MISS MARIE T. LOEWENTHAL. a
minor. MR& JACOB LOEWENTHAL,
parent. . . ' -
RAG carpets wove to order ana for sale; also
cbenille-wove rugs, silk' portieres; dealer, in
carpet twine In ¦ hank or chain, at lo wen
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
RUGS mado from old carpets; ingrain, brus-
sels, tapestry and moquette; chenille curtains
woven into new fugs. . Fluff Rug Factory.
8C2 Market St.. Oakland: take West 8th car.
ROYALTY paid on song, poems and musical
compositions; we ' arrange : and popularize;
particulars free. v Pioneer ' Pub. Co., 704
Baltimore bldg., Chicago, 111. i ¦ '
BEST on earth — Barradas liver.- kidney. . ague,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured; $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO., 330 Grant ave.
AT less than cort: uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market eU :
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
down and $1 60 per week. -T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
FANCY- and silk, dresses 'carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY e*tab.
1899. 2122 Fillmore st. : phone • Geary 2053.
WE sell your nongs, Btories or poem raanu-
Bcrlpt; we revise and arrange. : Author's
Manuscript Ass'n, Dexter bldg.; Chicago.
DON'T suffer with Inflamatory or any kind of
rheumatism: becured for «1: : Call or address
HENRY , 6CHNUR. 1198 Folsora st. ••
UHE McDerroott's Silicate 'for gleaning, stone,
brick • and terra , eotta: * will ' make same as
new. ; W. • McDERMOTT. ; 318 Bush Bt.
ZELNER'S Great Rheumatic ' Cure/ "49,448,"
for sale,"7Bc a bottle. . 41 1 Fifth St.. opp
United . States" Mint.' ;
PROF. DE : LOUT6KY. face 'specialist; only
- palnl»s« methods .used." 327. Geary st., cpp.
St. . Francis. ¦'.'.'.¦¦.
MASQUERADE suits and : rlgs to rent. or sell;
.cheap. 2414 Sacramento, st.,, between Flll-
. more and Webster.; . ; . "' . \
PLEASE '"; read * ad * of '.i National '¦: Self- Winding
Clock Co.. In "Business opportunities," . this
- paper. -I *-¦" •'-
W- A SEALE—Redeem goods; left "at 1024
Mlsg'lon St.. or ' same will be Bold. :
SUITS" made to • order and • repaired. - CHAS.
BLUMBERG. tailor.: 186 Jessie st.
LADIES — Will call at house andrlve free (Lo-
tnB cream) denwnfttratlons.vphoneSutterOei:
MRS. HOLBHOUSER, 820 Starr King bid*;.',' 121
Geary, «t>-Oxygen t telf<;trolyels. . massage. . f
WANTED-^-Orders '¦ foriburnt' work' or decora-
tive painting, i Address : box , 4036,* Call oifice.
: '-.PSRSOM'Ar.s^.Contlnn'ea.' ¦' "¦: I
--'REXRADIO'S BULLETIN. ' - "i ,'/¦ •*
"REXRADIO'S'! free, ."public'.' healings, of t
sick "to-day" (and dally), 2 and 8 p. tp: .'¦
.RADIUM HALL, TS3H Market andl Fourth
¦ (corner Slarket: and Fourth). V ;\ . '. |
"REXRADIO" .' uses, neither* medicine . nor ,
. medical -Instruments,, heals- solely , 'by . "hu- !
manlzed radium." . " ; . ,. ; . !
"OSSIFIED", lady, (Mrs. Knowies. 370. Bart- :
lett), y?ars "bedridden," ' helpless. Joints .!
"Immovably- grown, together' (inflammatory
rheumatism), after (one) treatment "freely",
moved each loosened ioint 'and Btlll does.
. Visit ier. -• -¦.>,¦. :-.',•.."
['TYPHOID FEVER"— MA Knott. 112 Fell.
¦K-ns in height of ragin? fever heat. : gallop-
ing- pulse, vomiting "blood" : 2 treatments
"broke" the fever, opening pores and casting
- out the virus by profuse sweat.' Next "day,
though: weak, attended to business; few
days later went to mountalnB prospecting.
He srave Rexradlo " large block of stock In
rich mine, which he decllneu, feeling amply
repaid In saving x t human ; life. J> Mr. K.
scys: "Tell the world I am ; ready to swear •
Resradfo's marvelous power saved my life'.' •
"REXR^VDIO" Is now treating the well known
"Judge " for fever, with prompt,', marked '
success. ;
"BUNDXESS" feared: : "My sight almost '
gone, couldn't recognize faces at 2 fset or
read 'large' print;" 2 treatments and I knew {
faces at 50 ieet and easily read 'a mall' i
print." ?^£$&3&&£$!?, i ?}i- \
"REXRADIO" in a few days cured my large
"cancer"; no trace left. . .- ¦ ''''¦*¦'..'' i
"REXRADIO"' Instantly made me " breathe •
fi-eely through my long-closed > nostrils (ca- •
tarrhj. . ' !
"REXRADIO'S" 2 treatments removed ' large .'
black and blue "contusion" (from burglar's'
blow). , i
"REXRADIO," In my house, made 2 "deaf!
mutes" hear and "epeak" what I- and others !
sroke. . • ' .j
"REXRADIO" lnFtantly made another "deaf '
mute" hear and speak In presence of Mr. !
Butler of S. F. Chronicle. ' . j
"REXRADIO'S" (one) treatment made my 15 i
years' "totally dear' ear hear whisper at
70 feet.
"REXRADIO" (says city M. D.) "wonder-
fully helped cases, Incurable by medicine. In
my ( offlceg."
"REXRADIO" ! (says second M. D.) "made
'deal mute' hear and speak In my; offices."
'REXRADIO" (a third leading M. D. testifies
in wrltlngK i 'ln my presence made a 'totally
deaf ear, in 3 seconds, hear distant 'whis-
pered', words."
'LEAPING'." — Rexradlo instantly "helped my
"paralyzed" les and I walked, ran, "leap-
ed." . ¦ . ,
'REXRADIO" Instantly, made my "anchy-
lOEed" knee Joint move freely. ' (Many more).
'REXRADIO" made my 17 years "totally
deaf" ear hear ''whisper"., at 73 feet.
'REXRADIO" promptly removed my (Inherit-
ed) "gastritis"; I saw him do many won-
ders. . '.. . ¦ . .' ¦/,[
3EAF MUTE (one of many) — "Last week
after (only) 3 seconds' treatment,. Rexradio
caused a (born) 'deaf mute', to hear 15 sen-
tences, OS words (spoken i and 'whispered'),
which patient Instantly 'spoke' intelligibly.
Each of 'ua' then 8poke to patient with
same wonderful results. Get our addresses
at office. Signed, Mr. , and Mrs. de Sales,
R. Kennedy, 3. Potter, K. Hall, J. Mc-
Isaac, etc." . ' ¦ .
PHYSICIAN'S advice to Radium Hall audi-
ence: '"If Incurable by medicine, try Rex-
. radio."
DUMB- .Rexradlo made "totally dumb" man
instantly apeak. well. Many witnesses.
'REXRADIO'S" two 'treatments fully cured
my "pneumonia" like magic.
PARALYSIS— "His one treatment made me
use my disabled arm, leg, naturally; I ran,
jumped."
•FITS" troubled me many years; Rexradlo
mastered them weeks ago; only one rlnce.
'THUNDER"— Our ears "totally deaf" even
to thunder, 10 and 33 years. Rexradlo "pub-
licly," In 3 seconds, made hear "whisper" at
30 feet; witnesses included two doctors. ,
'REXRADIO" instantly enabled my '"par-
alyzed." nearly powerless hand to lift 30 lbs.
'LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA" made me nearly
helpless. Last week, after (1) treatment 1
Mood, walked "unaided," raised foot to chair;
imi>08slbJ<s before. -• ¦; ' '-'¦ ' / . ¦ .
'REX-RADIO", quickly cured • my : large "ul-
cer" and Instantly my, "total deaf ness."
"WOUND" — "I cut a large gaping wound In
my flesh to the bone. Treated at night by
Rexradlo: in morning It" waa firmly grown
together; so ' I could • do washing, etc," • • '
'RKXRADIO'S" 1 treatment entirely cured my
child's "Infantile paralysis." . . . ¦
'REXRADJO'S" one treatment stopped "Bhak-
lnj:". of my chronic "palsy."
'NOTE THIS"— Names and testimonials of all
"above" patients shown at offices.
•REX RADIO'S" free PUBLIC HEALING TO-
DAY, " and S p. rn. Come and Bee, Judge for
"yourself." RADIUM HALL, cor. Market
. and 4th (7S3% Market and 1 Fourth Bt.).
r. C. ROMAINE removed to 1067 McAllister
st. Phone Fell 2403. . / .
SUITS cleaned and repaired. . A. MORRIS,
tailor, 14 Third St.-,.
SUITS pressed, cleaned and mended. 403
Stevenson Bt.
CLEANING and renovating. E.' MENZEL,
tailor, 41 Third 8t. •'."-.'
SUITS cleaned and repaired. A. ROSSLER,
Tailor. 41 Third Bt. '¦¦¦¦::¦:.
CLEANING and renovating. L. B. NORD-
LUND. Tailor. 410 Examiner bldg.
SUITS altered and repaired. 80 Fifth Bt. . '
2LECTROLYEIS magnetism massage. 319-320
, Starr King. bldg., 121: Geary st. -
3ENT8' clothes renovated like new." 1329 Polk
et.. near . Pine. *. - ¦
*RS. HOLSIIOUSER. 820 Starr King bldg., 121
Geary st. — Oxygen,, electrolysis, massage/.
ilRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth Bt.. be-
tween Geary and O" Fan-ell. " Tel. East 697. ,
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tftllors. 729 Marktt St."
3LEGANT suits to order.- extra' pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner, 850 Market..
3ASY installments fo r Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
>1 a week; sultB to order SIS up. LEMOS."' 1127 .
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth. '....¦
3ARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st. r ;
DNB dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 104t Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs •
36? Sutter. Ml»i Eaton, 233 Geary.r.38.'
JADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world, at : 1810 Sutter fit.
rAILOR-MADE Bult $7 50; dress pants' $2 50/
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE . costumes, play books,'- wigs;
country orders. | GOLDSTEIN & CO., 783 Mkt.
VLFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores" gray
hair to Its natural color;$l at a)l;druggisU'.'
1 BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been, opened . at 1008 Market St., opposite
"Fifth.. Open until It p. m. ¦¦'M'?&*sf£i?ttt3ft?*jg3
" .,' --';¦•-• '.iPAWwa.^';,., ' ; i'v;-;- <»-f
NVENTIONS patented. " r F.^"- P. I MEDINA,'- at-
torney-at-law, -, 6 Hobart bldg.f 632 Market it"
PAPEBgANQiyo^PAnrmro, BTC,
'AINTINO^and ;¦ decorating; ' first-class f work
reasonable prices. J. C. ROMAINE. 1067 Mc>
- Alllsterst. iphone Fell 2403. -r.-, 1 '.
PHTSIOIAya AKD STJ^SOHS.N; *
3R. C. C. ' O' DONNELL— Office and residence '•
1021 Vt Market st., . bet.". 6th : and .7th. . particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. '
3LOOD, rkln I and .. rectal' diseases I al specialty."
; DR.- BALL. • 1073% i Market ' Bt. : :. .*• . ; . • : y-'c
ElEMOVED^-DR. f ;WONOw HIM,'; herb 5
• treats all : dlseaaea : of '. the t. human body ; * for
- past four years at 115-117: Mason st.. now lo-
••- cated at ; 607.' Geary si.. ' near.: Leavenworthr :
WONG .WOO, the' famous herb" doctor— All dto-
( eases cured , by ; Chinese | herbs. 746-8 ; Clay tu'
pTjBOHAgrjybTAaEgroiEa. ; •
E. JEWETT. purchaslr.B agent; I coun-
try orders a specialty!: correspondence '.solicit-;
;,ed. 305 Larkln . St.. room ? 4ft : i teC Bouth'iain.^
; PHOTOQkAPmc ; BtrppiiiEa. ; >;
KQDAKrUtS^Free^rdevelopinVrr«HsT6rJplates
-; until Dec." 1 5 to introduce our. superior, flnlsh-
. Ini; 1 4x5 i prints. : 5e.-.r Sunbeam,- Studio,'* 1054
; Broadway, . OakIand.^M*B«MaB8B3HKHHBfti
jgsC^x^i. a.arEQTjs_.y QB S AI.S— Con_ !
CO H. p. Hunt ft Mirk Westinehouye engine, i
icrr.pitt!*, v.-.th !•• h. p. return tubular l.JSler f
complete; terUd tu jvur bBtlaiaction, *5W. j
*> h. p'. v gasoline cr^iie, u »th ccntrlf ugal pun-.j>. |
1 :pe. »U(.tija ht*-. belt, all comi>ltte. . . .?2jO
DouWe 5s5 link notion vnjines, "up to
Hoyle"; thr>"*re f:ne... *200
21i h. ii. iraEollne engines of following makes:
ratrbanks-Mcrse. all ccraplete: PerKlns. all
. cotiitltte; Hercules, ell cctnpitte.
<* h. ji. AVcbtr sa^olln^ engine, with 5-stamp
quartz mill (very lic'ut) ?4SO
45 h. i)., Scotch marine boiler. Al. vlth com-
i pcuaj cajfiae, bteam pump, etc ?400
¦-> fx.i *A'orlhir.Ktcn pumps ?22 CO
We have lh*m r.U makes, all size*: "Portu-
Pi«i." vnri.i s the «.:!!••- type not In stock.
Turks, nil eiies an-J .¦>:..>, •»; amc good, others
J'ou cor. sci thrcurii— like a poilceoian.
. Wt have fitt'»n?« by thf ten. brass and Iron
r»ll>e. baib wire, etc.: aV. Feeond-hand, too.
2w h. p. vertical bJilw. with EtacU. ba?e bars,
injector, valves, i-ot-ks." etc $225
4C» h. p. fire box <l'H-on»«.me tyiw) boiler com-
Picit; l«»-i)cund vro*«ure- $300
1000 ifcet 15-luch riveted water pipe, double-
rlveted. good co:i3;tir»n. per foot 5Oc
We »m pleased to inform mir patron* that we
are not allowed by th« authorities (co-called)
to be on "'ail over Beale atreet," su we liave
moved to a'l over, FrLcco.
Uncle Sum knows White; Just drop your letter
la one of his boxec — he'll do the re»t.
H. fi. WHITE MACHINERY CO.. all over
California.
DR1CD fruit special — Grown, cured and packed
: on our own orchard: Santa Clara foothills;
ron-irritated, undoctored. clean, new fruit.
Prune* large. 5c Ib.; aprtcots and peaches 15c
Ib.; family trade solicited. 29 Vlcksburg
et.. nr. Twenty-Third and Church *ts.. S. F.
FOR «ale — Pipecns. rur.ts and carriers, and'
dove»»: a'so neljrian haree; closing- out- Ad-
dress box 14S3. Call office. Oakland.
CHOICE lot of canaries for eale. cheap. In-
quire 30*1 Lafayette st.. bet. 11th and 12th.
FOR male — Fine »-rhot Colt'B Winchester; bar-
pain, flO: owner lravlnK city. 1417 San
Bruno eve.
LARGEST rents, beet hen pigeons; orjy pood I
ro'.ish. Lynx. Glennncre Pigeon Lofts, Elm-
hurrt. . -j ¦¦¦ J
ENCYCLOPEDIA Brltannica; latest edlUon;
leather bound; no dealers: Sunday, bet. 1
. exd 2 p. m. £41 Geary st.
GAS *ngiscs. eentrtfueal pumps; hlc;heet rrade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. C23 Market st.
Wallpaper. S^c; paint. $1 cal. ; paintlivc. whjt-
er.:Djr. Merlfran. 13C2 Webster: leLSielner St571
EAFES and cash rejltters. new and second-
hand. L FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
Bargains in 2d-hcnd cash reclsters. lnclud-
- Ice Naticnala. cruaranteed; terms. 14 Turk st.
SO-HAND b!dr. material: lumber, door. sasn.
plumb, material. Tto« Dolan Co.. 1607 Mrkt.
FULL Una of drummers' camples in gripi and
trur.k?: for eale cheap at 23 Stockton st.
AN elecant sealFkln for sale for $7B. SE-
CURITY LOAN A TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond rir.r $50: terms (5 per
Siesta. P. V. GAEIX. 13S MontroPery st.
ROOMS papered. J« up; tlatlnr. paintlnr.
Hartmar.n Palct Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
DESKS bouct't. sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 M'.eslon et. : tel. South 611.
MOVING pictures, marie lanterns, eale. rental;
barr*!a». Bullard & Breck. 131 Post »t.
tAFEf- New and secend-hand. -THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery at.
GASOLINE erxrlr.er. automobiles and launches;
all ri'.er. J. E. DOAK. *fl Fremont st
»gsci:iJ.Ain:oTjs wawts.
AAA — Highest prtoes fcr ladies.' cents' castoS
i :..:!.:: p. Tel. Davis S25, 650 Eacramento et.
GASOLINE cr.Blnes. pumps, pipe. etc. Box
UC:9. Call office.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
catfc. KARL EBER & CO.. room 403, Ad- [
are* t'.&m.. SJC Kearny st. ; phone Black 3038.
A PORTABLE artesian well drilling outfit.
Particular*, a^drtes S., care of J J. BUCK,
grocer, cor. Fourth and Bryant.
'WANTED— Good 3x7 camera. 'Box 3994, Call.
WANTED — lOoO umbrellas to repair. 1935 j
Mist-Ion Et. Mis.'ion Umbrella House. j
1VANTED — Good gas etove with 4 burners and i
even. Box 4i77. Call of flee. -
A LADY desires to find rood honae for . two pet
eat*. Dox 4717. Call. »
10 gLOT raachinea wanted. 190 Stevenson et.
WANTED — Good devilery wacon, long: body
and harness; state price. Box 4017, CalL
A. MODERN Job press, paper cutter, etc.. In
good condition. 21% pine et.. room 31.
WANTED — A apccnd-hani) cash register total
adder; National. t>51 Market st.
WANTED — Baby carriares . and basket work
to repair. AYSCOUGH, 370 4th. nr. Harrison.
WANTED — A rood hunting dc». sexier pre-
ferrfed. H. HEWITT. SS5 Ellis tU
WANTED — One two-carat diamond cbeao.
Jicx 4'O*. Call office,
Le v v A Redler. highest price for (rents' cast-oa
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 15 14. €15 Washington
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical gooda. 1S4 Cth St.: tel. J«ctI« 2851.
atoarEY to i»QAaf.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY ~<IntP
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 8% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Eecend mortgages, Ufa Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests In property
tnxrche.sed.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-10S Crocker bldg.; phone Main 0824.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-6O2-GO3 Examiner building.
Quick eetUements; no disappointments.
Eare expenses by dealing directly.
Ertate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
exts. assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
. tereets in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money. "
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
¦ WILL LOAN ' ~~~
A reasonable amount on
Mortgare, on real estate or
Chattel*, in city, town
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
•f property or chattels.
~ Location, etc ¦ .' ;
Box 490. Call office.
E ALARY LOAXS—
Money loaned salaried. people without secur-
• Ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, '453 Parrctt bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; nr»
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 30 Geary, room 38.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlng-hause*. without
security; e**T payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman. 6S3 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
- Ifberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at- 2
rer oent Interest. " Baldwin Jewelry Store.
008 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
TOUNO A CO.. room 637 Parrott bid?., loan
money on furniture, pianos, etc., at about
half the rate charged by ether people; mort-
' gages at high rates and leases paid off.
ON ralariee. Insurance policies, chattel rnort-
cragn. diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND -TKTJ6T CO.. 21 - Stockton st,
sear Marked
A— THE PcrUand Jewelry Co.. 23 Stockton Bt,
loans money on diamonds, valuables.' etc.; at
2 per cent per month. '
Loans on* furniture, pianos and other securitle*.
tH cp. without removal. -The North: Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co.. 00 Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market cL
LOANS FROM >1 TO $10.000.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
*» security; diamonds or ¦ chattels: ¦ no - fee; no
"om. ; cut rate. Cat. Loan Co. .523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no ccmtnlEsion; no publicity; $25 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery st.. rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; ca furni-
ture.' Indorsed notes : and ether security. £.
F. Discount Agency. .143 Pfaetan-bldg.
MONEY -to loan at low Interest;' gold.' allver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONET, chattels, other propositions. Banna n &
KalL room 1218 Call bldg: phone ? Main ; 3214.
DOJTT borrow mooey on salary '¦.. until you see •
¦s. Hutton Credit CO.. 812 Mutual Bank bldav,' ;Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Time ; Ball on i the . tower of ' the v Ferrr
building was dropped exactly • at : noon, to-dav~
1." e.. at ; noon '. of i the ; 120th t meridian 'f or « at ¦ 8
p.' m; Greenwich' time.'. -J. C.' BURNETT -* •
. . v Lieutenant. :U.S..N.-.i In charifc-.f
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc • Office,' V. S.''N." Mer
- ¦ chants'- '¦ Exchange/. San'..- Francisco* ¦¦¦ CaJ -
, /October 29. -1W4. ™ < -, ¦* '¦ .: kA'--^.''
United States Coast and ¦:, Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance, to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the '
- Superintendent. -^ * . ; .¦ - . ,:,
NOTE — The . hi»h and*- low waters "occur 'iit
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 2J
minutes later, than at Fort : Point; the height
of tide . Is the same at both places. a
. SUNDAY. OpTOBEir^b.;; -:¦. .J--
Sun ; rises ............ . . ;. ..... .... ....;. .6*32
Sun sets .'; . r. . ; .~'Zi777T7VZTZ~ ;. : r.~. '.*. . :\i~ 5-14'
Moon rlaes .....:..... . .10:29 p.fm.
O ITlme ;- '¦"• • ITlmel ¦-. ' iTUne ; Time -.*¦¦
% . I- Ft. ~ f Ft. f . Ft.- Ft."
»,,:|H.W ",¦-, |L W| .¦-¦,.; H W ',:-;•;*' L. \V : :
30 I 4:26 .4.2 9:16 r 3.1 3:Ol 4.8 10:08 * 0.8
81 B:24 4.4 10:30 .3.1 4:16 '4.6 11:19 06
. l : l 6:17 4.7 11:54 2.6 "B:38 -4.4 ...... -
. ,|L W H W L.W - H.wVv^*i
2 I 0:12 0.8 7:09 -5.0 .1:02 2.0 6:56 14
3 1:13 1.1 7:54 5.3 2:00 1.4 8:10 : 4'«
4 2:05 '1.1 8:38 - 5.4 2: 51 '-. O.S 9:16 ;< 4»
"5. 2:52 1.5 9:19 P.7| 3:37 -0.2 10:10 >i so
NOT^— In • the ' above : exposition : of the 3 tides ¦
the : early i morning tides j are ? given i In t the s left
hand . column and ¦ the \ euccesalve i tides ' of the
day in the order of , occurrence ; as to time -1th«
fourth tlm« ( column < gives the - last ¦ tide * of ! the
day.^ except I when there | are I but | three tides , as '
sometimes . occurs. The heights . Riven are "In
addition to the soundings of .the. United; States'
Coast Survey. Charts," except when' a, ¦ minus (—)¦
den precedes . the height, and | then I the number
given • Is . subtracted I from ; the , depth ; given » by'
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean'
qf the lower : low ' 4 wat«ra.v . v .
. '¦-::'¦:¦¦'- ; Saturday. October : 29.
' Stmr FA Kllburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port. Rogers. ' ,- - ¦ « ¦"" ''¦'¦¦'
, Stmr Newport," Corning/ 9 hours from Pigeon ,
Point.-..--:.'; '-'-.J. "',.¦¦- ."¦'¦¦¦','"" ':^' v ' ;
¦ Stmr Brooklyn. Carlson. 14 hours from Men
doclno.r¦"-.¦- "¦'- - ¦ ¦ " " *¦•'; : -'¦'.'_•.¦¦•-*-¦'¦
' StrorSan' Pedro. . Rasmussen, : 31 hours from
Santa . Barbara. ; '-. : ' •
" Stmr. Fulton, • Panzer, ; 10 hours from ; Bowens
Landing, i bound - south ; « put in ¦. to , land ¦- pas- .
sengers. ., , _ - -- .-. -' ,: -:¦¦ ' - '¦' ,..-' -, .
- Stmr, Pomona - Swanson; 19 hours fm Eureka.
* Stmr, Navarro. Jacobs. > 12 hours from Bowens
Landing.'^ ••
Stmr Newsboy,' Lee.' 18 hours from Westport.
¦ Stmr TAs.uncion. ; Bridgett. 23 hours from
Port: Harford. ~ . > , . ' ¦
Br ' etmr . Mexico, - Kennedy;. 15 ; days ; ; from
Sallna.Crux. ¦*¦ - , = ' ' .
¦- - Br ;. stmr ' Wyefleld, ; Watson. . 88 : hours ¦ from
Ladysmtth. : .:'--• •' ¦¦^j-.- '.. ' ¦-¦ '.'• '•' '. -' . '¦;
. Whal -bark California," Joseph. SS ; days from
Kurile Island. : . .: -¦' . ¦:
- Schr /Bessie . K. Stark, 15 ¦ hours i from , San
.Vicente Landing. ' ' ~ .
Sch r Oakland. Ewart, 6V4 days fom Sluslaw
Rlver.; r -: ; ¦¦-..¦.¦¦¦ ¦'. ..-.'¦•• '.. -¦' - ' I.-.-:'" V
¦ Schr ¦¦ Sailor ' Boy, > Olsen, 7 ¦ days from * Grays
¦"Harbor.- , ¦:-.--^>..-i.. ¦¦"'.;:-- •'¦ :.-.-¦ ~-\ >¦'¦ ¦<, ;.;-,•
: -Schr Corinthian, Lutjens, 9 days from Grays
Harbor.'" ;¦ ..-:¦•¦••- i »-. "--J."""''."- »-'";. -¦''.¦ ~'^:'- -¦
V Schr i Camano, Saxe. ' 11 r?da y« from . Port
Gamble. . - ,' . ¦ <¦:
. CLEARED. .,
--:-'¦ '¦¦:. '/' Saturday." October- 29.
¦- Stmr. AJameda, Dowdell. Honolulu; J D
Spreckela ; & > Bros ' Co. " ¦¦•- '.'- ..
• Stmr San ; Jose, ¦- Thompson, Ancon ; Pac ) Mall
S-Srco.".''.-;.':.v.v -.;¦• .--. > :¦:¦¦-¦¦'¦¦.: -- -•'<-.
"¦"* Stmrj Pomona.'. S wanson, • Eureka; • Pac ¦ Coast
S^SlCo. ;.....:¦:; ¦ «V.\:-< .-'••' ¦ ¦ '¦-¦', ¦--- '•-.¦•'¦-¦?
*i.' Stmr; Bonlta. : Preble, ¦ San ' Pedro; Pac ; Coast
S5S;Co.--«.-'. :¦•.¦.'..'"¦-•."- -:¦' ":'¦".¦•.¦ ::.
•-¦* Stmr; Norwood, 'iMartln.' Seattle; Sudden' tt
Chrlstensen.,,i " ¦ ¦'• -'••¦.:¦'.¦¦• ¦¦-:¦¦¦•¦• . ¦¦'.. -¦¦>¦;¦¦ '.- ¦
?» Brj stmr 'Algoa, ; Zeeder, \ Hongkong etc; ' Pao
Mail;S S Co. - :--¦-. ;- ; .-.- .. .
Br stmr Stanley . Dollar. Bruce ¦ Hongkong-
Dollar <S ; s;Co.T.r. \\ :-.;¦ t . -.' ';-.-•• .
vi Br.' ship ji Port v' Caledonia, , Manning, Port '
Townser.d;!Hlnd,' Rolph:&Co. \ . . ¦ ¦; ¦¦-•¦...;'
•Si Br. ship Strathdon.\ Paterson, Bort Towiisend-
J'JvMeorei&^Co.'nv ¦¦:..¦->-., ¦... • ¦ --':
*•, Fr.bark Genevleve Molinos, Tattevln, Queens
town;L Kaullman."** ¦ . :.; .. ..'
' =. .- Br bark ¦ Invercauld; : Jackson ' '. Melbourne •' J "if ¦
Moore '& Co: « -n.:,^ r .' ¦'-; -¦ : •¦;-:.-.¦ ' ,•¦
'Bark ; Sf- Katherine,': .Saunders. Hllo; '.Welch
&. Co. 1 ' '-' : ¦ '•¦."¦ '•>".*-' -¦-¦'.'¦" ,.'... -"¦¦*..¦ .¦-,'. i. .--j . . s- .. ,_.
; Bktn .. Coronado, ¦< i Potter, ¦>-.. Honolulu • - J - d
8preckels,,;&.BroaiCo. = ;i • . .> -
"«''' '.** ' ¦> _' " S AILED;, V .:.-. .-* '¦:' '<¦ ,'- "•• ':
StmV/AlwedaT^Dowdcll.^Honoluju. ¦-"
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Steamer. /.Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 30. . ¦
Algoa. China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
San Pedro.. Humboldt .......... 4 pm Pier* 2
Norwood. . . . Seattle tc ' Tacoma. 5 jm Pier - 2
Bonlta...... Newport A Way.. 9 am Pier 11
S. Ro»a..... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Eureka . Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor. Ill am'Pler 53
October 31. I
Pomona.... Humboldt ......... l:30p!Pier 9
8. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pmjPier 2
, November 1. * I -
Homer.. Los Angeles Ports. 5 pm Pier 2
Centennial.. Seattle ft Tacoma. S pm Pier 20
Breakwater. Cooa Bay - direct. . 5 pmlpier 8
Northland.. Loe Angelea Ports. ( 1 pm Pier 2T
CmatllU... Puget Sound Forts-iil;2mtPler »
Redondo.... Astoria & Portlf.nu l*pm|Pler_2
. November*- ?„ ' ' I •
; Arcata-.V.. Coos B. & Pt. Cn-fd 12 mlPler 13
Arctic...... Humboldt ......... Sampler 2
- - November 3. |
Coo3 Bay. . . San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
S.' Barbara.. Lou Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Centralla... Los. Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Rainier..... Seattle & Bllnghm i pm Pier lu
Corona..... Hnmboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Columbia... Astoria' & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Elizabeth... Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 20>
Porno Pt.. Arena & Albion tt pm Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
¦ . . ' November 4. >
Argo. ...'... Eel River Ports.. 4 pm Pier 2
N. Fork... . Humboldt . ..;. 5 pm Pier 20
., ¦ • November 5.,
Point Arena Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
City of Para N. Y. .via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Aurella..... Astoria. & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
November 6.
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Jeanie Seattle. & .Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
November 7. '
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am'Pler 11
Chico. ;..... Coquille River .... 1-pmJPler 2
November 8.
G." W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Alliance. . . . Eureka - & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 10
November 9.
Doric....... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan.... Hono. & Kahulul. ...... Pier
The British steamer : Algoa, .which, was
cleared yesterday for Hongkong via Yokohama,
Kobe and Shanghai, took out the most:val
uable cargo of merchandise ; ever sent from
this port to the Orient. The cargo, - according
to the outward ' manifest filed at the Custom
House yesterday, was valued at $1,412,840.
and .Tfas to be distributed " as -follows: .-' For
Japan, $623,487; China. $784,834; Manila, $2153;
East : Indies. $2360. The following w<re the
leadlne exports:
To Japan— 7649 bales cotton. 1835 rolls 21 cs
leather, 949,220 lbs tin plate, 740 bdls bar
steel, 492,300 , lbs steel - plates. S00 pes angle
Iron S867 pkgs nails, 545 bdls wire. 588 pkgs
machinery, 1313: pkgs - rooting ; material, < 1S8
bales ; sheetings, - 158 pkgs .. electrical supplies,
21 reels wire cable, 140 pkgs building material,
3078 ~ lbs'- stearin*?, .97, c» ¦ paints, ai bxs pipe.
2Vi pkgs drugs, 10 cs oil, 6 pkgs bicycles. 1135
bbls flour, 540,000 lbs salt, 6060 lbs dried fruit,
4050 lbs ; raisins, > 71 cs canned goods, 34 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 40 cs table prepara
tions. - ; '• ' ¦
To China— 12.S84 . bbls flour. 11,452 , cs as
sorted canned goods, 11.238 bales 40 cs cotton
domestics, "2108 bales 23 ¦ cs cotton sheetings,
167 bales cotton drills,-: 465 cs flannel, 448.148
lbs pig lead, 45,734 lbs Iron ralls,>602 kegs
nails, 8115 lbs 150 pkgs ham and bacon, ; 7357
lbs dried fruit 13S0 lbs raisins, 7605 lbs meals,
1210 lbs, codfish, 1 20,505 lbs beans, 3060 lbs
chocolatej' 68 pkgs groceries and provisions.
21)7 ' pkgs table" preparations,' 442 ¦ cs :3ibbls
salmon 19 ctls oats, 14,000 lbs dried shrimps,
44 500 ¦ lbs i shrimp " shells. , 3138' lbs z rice, * 550
casks bottled beer. 213 gals rum, «5 cs liquors.
180 pkgs 'paste, 470 lbs sugar, 8 pkgs vinegar,
515' lbs salt, - 1258 Ib8r butter, 405 lbs 14 pkgs
bread 15 cs syrup, 28,224 ft lumber,- 98 pkgs
soap, 8 ' pkgs. dry goods, V 13 pkgs s machinery,
20 rolls 1 cs leather, r 16 bdls paper. 16 pkgs>
dru'-s." ' ; - ¦ "'"'.-¦ -" ' - \ ¦ ¦ - ¦ . '-'-_*
To Manila — 370 gals and 150 cs whisky. -
: To - East Indies — 2279 lbs hops, ¦ 470 : cs as
sorted-canned »oods. ,
The latest grain charters reported are:
French bark Guethary, , wheat from this port
fcj Europe at 20s ti.l (Is 3d less direct) ;. French
bark La ' Rochejaqueliri, ¦ same ' " business ' and
voyage at 20s; British - ship Langdale, • wheat
from Portland to Europe at' 27s Cd— all three
chartered Drlor to arrival. * ¦' ' :
The German bark Pallas (at Burrard Inlet)
was . chartered prior to arrival . for lumber
thence to Callao.
The British ship Speke (at Port L'os Ange
les) proceeds in ballast to Australia. -
•¦. _^ : ¦-
A llecord-Breaking Cargo.
Charters.
A Cargo for Anstralla.
. The British bark lnvercauld was cleared
yesterday for Melbourne with 2300 cs canned
salmon. 920.684 ft lumber and 110,070 ft door
stock valued at $41,121.
TO SAIL.
' - 1- ..— •,- ¦ --. . .
Stmr Fulton. Panzer, San Pedro.
Stm r Iaqua, Jorgenson. Astoria. ¦
Stmr San Jose, Thompson. Ancon, etc. -
Stmr South Bay, Anderson. Eureka,
Stmr San Pedro. Rasmuss-en. Eureka.
Stmr Whitesboro Frederlckson. Greenwood.
Stmr Point Arena, , Miller. Mendocino.
Stmr Argo, Dunham. Eel River. ' . .
Stmr. Olympic, Hansen. . Grays Harbor.
Stmr Geo : W Elder, Randall. Portland and
Astoria. . ¦ . ¦'¦'• . ' :
Bark St Katherine. Saunders. Hllo.
Bktn Coronado, Potter. Honolulu.
SchT Batnbridge, Inglebrutson, Port . Blake
ley ;33&**itK5^S5!*@ s »«!^»«^5*fSro
¦ Schr Metha Nelson, Lorentzen; Grays Har
bor.': .¦ . ¦¦¦;-.- ¦ --:-'¦ *-.-. , •¦-.".-
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Oct 29. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind S; velocity 20 miles per hour. -
SPOKEN. '
Per whal bark California— Sept 12. off Ku
rile Island. Jap staling schr Toyo Maru. Cap.
tain told Captain Joseph that several Japanese
sealing schooners attempted to raid seal rook
eries at' Copper Island and that 11 Japanese
were killed and 25 or'30 taken by. Russian sol
dlers.*' ¦ • t
DIED AT SEA.
On board 'whal bark California. X>eo 25, 1003."
Jessie: Bean, a native of Denver. Colo.; died
of ' consumption and - was ¦ buried at sea.
I'"".' DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT REYES— Passed. Oct 29. 8 :15 a m—
Br stmr Wyefleld, -from Nanalmo for ." San
Francisco; .7:10 ¦ a :m — Stmr TNavarro, ¦ from
Bowens Landing ; for ' San - Francisco, and • a
three and a four masted schooner, • bound in. ".
: Passed Oct IS), 2:20 p m — Stmr Newsboy, fm
WestporWor San Francieco. -.' ¦¦:'- ' ¦•;¦¦- '
FARALLON. ISLANDS— Passed Oct It. 0
a : m — Three-masted bark, bound . in; . ,
SE.VTTLE^ — Arrived Oct 28 — Ger stmr Am
mon, hence Oct 25; stmr Humboldt, fm Skag
way. '.•' - ¦-'¦-" . *"-¦ ' , ' v ¦¦¦-••"¦¦.¦¦ ¦"¦ ¦-_•¦'-,
Arrived , Oct 29— Schr Aloha, from Lahalna;
stmr Roanoke,' from Nome.' «. '.
' PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 29 — Schr Spo
kane, hence Oct, 12. • v. .: ' • . -•;.
COOS -' BAY — Arrived ! Oct ' 29 — Stmr • Break -
water, hence Oct 27; stmr Alliance, hence Oct
25 via "Eureka. - , • ¦'. .•¦" ¦
Sailed Oct 25). 1 p m— Stmr Area t a, . for San
Francisco. ; .
Arrived Oct 29— Schr Ivy. hence Oct 13.
'PORT ANGELES — Arrived Oct 29 — Ger bark
Pallas, from Santa Rosalia; schr. Balboa, from
San Pedro.- ; : • ' ¦ •• .-¦."¦
REDONDO— Sailed Oct 29— Stmr James- S
Hlggins. for San Pedro. /' .
"; Arrived . ; Oct 29-^Schx Azalea, from Eureka.
• EUREKA— Arrived Oct 2»— Stmr . Corona,
hence Oct 28.'- . ,
Arrived Oct 29— Bktn Mary Wlnkelman. fm
Redondo; schr John ¦ A, hence Oct 21.
Sailed Oct 29 — Schr Lottie Carson.' for New
port South. ¦ ' -, ' : - '¦' -' ¦.<¦ '..-;- .¦>¦"¦-?-."¦'>
Sailed Oct 29 — Stmrs Noyo. Arctic and Phoe
nix,- for. San Francisco; stmr Acme, 'for San
Francisco.'." . ' ",
ASTORIA— Sailed . Oct ,'-, 29— Stm r W . H
Kruger.-. for San ' Franciaco/ - '
Arrived Oct 29 — Bktn James Johnson, hence,
Oct 18; bktn Geo C Perkins, from Sah Pedro...-' ¦.
¦ -Arrived Oct 29 — Br ship Hampton, from Port
Los Aimili'H. "jUn^^fif^tf^iUllU!!
• Arrived ¦ Oct 29- : -Fr ship Europe, fm Hobart.
Sailed Oct 29- r Stmr Columbia, for San Fran-'
Cisco;: Br. stmr "Aragonfa,- for China; nchr' Ma
bel' Gale.-? for' San Pedro.- ¦ - '¦¦
--, FORT :. BRAGG— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Na
tional City»~ hence* Oct 28..
Sailed Oct 2»— Stmr National City, for Union
Landing." ¦,.'¦."¦*.. '•• ¦¦-¦¦¦.-¦¦.- - ...
i UNION' LANDING— Arrived: ,Oct 29 — Stmr
National City.*: from ¦ Fort Bragg. .
¦ BELLINGHAM— Sailed Oct - 29— Schr Mil
dred, for San '¦ Francisco. ' , , :
Arrived Oct '29— Schr- A.- M Baxter, hence
Oct: 12. . ¦:•¦/ ''.-'. - ¦ ¦ ¦- . .
>.' PORT* HARFORD— Sailed Oct 29. 5 pm—
Stmr Santa Cruz; for San; Pedro, i
WESTPORT — Arrived Oct 29 — Stmr West
port, ¦ hence Oct 28. - ; -
.: Sailed Oct 28 — Stmr; Newsboy; for San FranI
CISCO. - -,'-' " -":' ." '•¦ •¦¦¦"¦- : ¦ . .
y- - PORT r TOWN3END— Arrived * Oct 20— Schr
Columbia,"' from i San J Pedro ; • schr A Ioha ," ; from
Lahalna: bktn 'Amaranth* from: Honolulu." V
I ¦-¦¦ TATOOSH— Passed r Oct -: 29— Stmr ,' City of .
i Puebla. ¦ hence Oct i 27 ' for ; Victoria, etc.* .
I •-*- Passed V out * Oct ' 29.— Stmr « Shasta.' ' for " San
I Pedro.12"" ; - r '-'''"'; ; ' '¦'•¦¦ :i "-"- -¦¦''¦¦¦¦--¦.¦*'¦. - ' . --
, SAN -: PEDRO— Sailed .Oct 1 28-^-U ' S " stmr
Daniel Manning, for. cruise; atmr Chehalls, for.
8an • Francisco; ; stmr Alcatraz, for • San ' Fran- •
Cisco; ? »tmr ' Marshfleld,*, for Hardy : Creek. . •
¦*.¦"' Arrived • Oct • 29 — Stmr /James < S .Hlggins, < f m
Redondo: | bktn • Retriever, s from ¦ Port Hadlock ; .
echr " Dora *Bluhm.' from. Eureka."> .
i Sailed Oct' 29— Stmrs Santa Monica Prentlss
and> Francis i Hi Leggett. '-. for ; San :: Francisco:
stmr j Robert '- Dollar. >. for Mukilteo ; * schr ¦ No- ,
komls. .; for ;Grayg: Harbor; , schr.'Marjr.E -Rugs,'
for • Eureka; stmr-i Redondo ", for San Francisco
. BANDON4rArrlved - Oct i 29— Schr," Ruby, hce
Oct * 14 :-. schr 'Lizzie. Prlen '*- hence Oct f 12 • •
PORT LOS- ANGELES— Arrived Oct 29— Br
bark . Invermark.'from Antwerp. '" *"~"npMflbMf
• ¦¦: SANiDIEGO— Arrived - Oct '. 29— Br ; ship Al- r "
byn.*» from . Hamburg. .:¦ ' ». ¦':-•:¦:•
; GRAYS >; HARBOR— Arrived': Oct'v2&-^Scnr'''
W « L Patterson.': hence! Oct .15; schr Marion,' hc~
Oct 'j 10; l schr Chas « R Wlteon.'.hence ' Oct 20;
schr i Oceania*. Vance|: henc*e:Oct*20. ¦ - . ' ¦<'".;; ¦
'¦ Sailed ' Oct : 29— Stmr i Homers for San ? Fran- ¦
Cisco; 5 schr.- Repeat.', forl San". Francisco
¦¦; . -; :-:"; . >, r < island; ports/;'- 7 .;-"'----'..-/^;
-< ". MANILA— '¦ Arrived * Oct , 28-"-Schr Commerce.*
from "Astoria." ¦ . ¦ •: ; r v x . '.;
j - HONOLULU— Sailed ' Oct ' 28— Stmr Arzyll
for;Klhei.' .:>».. ;*. .-..? -" V
H'L- •;;.".'•: i-FOREIGNj PORTS.-;
, IQUIQUE— Arrived Sept ! 27— Br ship Thlrl
mere.i from ; Tacoma." and sailed Oct 18 for An-*
tofaa-asta;^-;^' :'.-¦ :t, ;.;.. ¦„-.»;;;;.,-. - : '. . .'
>i Arrived: Oct 28-^-Br bark : Hawthornbank ' f m
Vancouver.' '/¦ ' .¦-•.. •• •, ¦<. ¦¦--- . ¦ ¦*•,•- 1 • » ; -'---¦-¦
. t Sailed : Oct . 26— Br ship , Largiemore/ for" San •
Frandsco.Vi. v .--',". •: -,"-";:i; : .r'l..f-:,» ,-.•>.•-¦-•>.
:;.' SING A POREr- Arrived " Oct 15— Br "stmr : 8a'^ '•
gamt,^ from s Manila..' ' . ; . . . ¦:>¦*. r 
*.*». COLON^-Salled 5 Oct ;" 28^-Stmr Alllanca; for
•¦-•'? NEWCASTLE,' Aus — Sailed \ Sept 11— Br shin'
'Ancalos.-^for; AlgoaiBay; • ¦: : • • :.¦-.-»"¦!'
The French bark Genevlevo Molinos was
cleared yesterday for Queenstown-' for orders
with 56.905 ctls wheat valued at $82,750 and
21,000 feet lumber as dunnage valued at $262.
A Wheat Clearance.
Flour for China.
| The British ' steamer Stanley Dollar was
cleared yesterday for. Hongkong with 39,000
barrels of flour valued at $171,775.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
V .; ; SAN • FRANCISCO, . Oct. 29—5 p. m. '
- The following, maximum : and minimum - tem
teratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston ..........44-38 NewrYork' ...... .40-42
5? lc ? go • :•¦••.. 58-42 Philadelphia ....4*:-.%8
Cincinnati ... . ... .60-34 IPHtsburg ..:... . .GO-40
Jacksonville. r...6«-60fst. : Louis ...... :«4-M
New Orleans ..:. 74-66! Washington .... .54-30
SAN FRANCISCO. ......... ..60-54
Tha following , are - the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as ; compared .with those of the same
date last season and rainfalls in last twenty
fpar r hours: ' -. .
,„' - "Last .This ' Last.
_ Stations — 24 hours. . Season. Season.
g u^eka ..... o.Ol 4.36 3.29
< RedBluff .;.;...... o.OO S.4l» 0.45
: Sacramento*.'..'. ... 0.00 r -' 5.47 0.13
| San ; Francisco ..... 0.00 .. 7.45 .- 0.17
Fresno ........ ....0.00 4.98 .0.00
Independence ......: 0.00 0.47 0.42'
San Luis Oblsperr.V. O.00' 4.58 "0.02
Lbs Angeles .......; 0.00 '. 1.13 ' 0.43
San Diego . ....0.00 0.16 0.07
» COAST RECORD. — — .
C3 K' g 0 » , t
V "o" - E3 ---33 33 •¦ S 2 ' «
STATIONS. 2-.' «§ 3§ 5" 'g y
. : ¦ S.; 5 : • :. • • §
• n ¦ t I • 7
¦ " •'¦ - ¦*•—.«»» » ¦ '¦•¦-¦•'•
Baker ....29.04 C8 44 SE .Clear .CO
Carson .......30.02 C8 30- W Cloudy .CO
Eureka ;....-... 29. 84 6« 40 SE Rain .01
Fresno ...30.01 72 • 48 S ' Pt.Cldy .00
S> E. Farallon.30.0S 60 55 SW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff .....30.06 54 20. NE Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello . . . : .30.06 tt6 - 30 SW Clear .00
IivdependenCe .30.00 70 42' SE Pt.Cldy .CO
tan Angeles ..30 .W 72 50 SW, Clear .CO
Mt. Tamalpals.30.10 57 45 8 Cloudy .00
North Head ..29. «4. 62 50 SE Rain .01
Phoenix ..... .29.96 78 46 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Point Reyes ..30. 03 58 02 S Cloudy .00
Portland .....29.00 58 48 NW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff ....2U. 98 62 48 S Cloudy .00
Roeeburg ¦•'.:. .29. 70* 50 ,44 . NW Rain .02
Sacramento ..30.08 «2' 48 S Cloudy .00
Salt Lake ... 30.04 62 42 W Wear .CO
San Francisco. 30. 12 «!0 64 SW. Cloudy .00
S. -L. Oblspo.. 30.10 62 4S W ¦ Pt.Cldy .00
San Diego ....30.04 (« (10 NW Clear .0O
Seattle 30.08 50 50 - S -:'/ Cloudy .00
Spokane, ......20.00 '(M.3O NE Pt.Cldy .00
Tstoosh ......29.58 56 44 E Cloudy '¦ .01
Walla Walla*29.S0 64- 40 SE aear-^.00
Wmnemucca ..30.02 70 .. S Clear .00
Yuma)..... ...29.91 86 62 SW Clear "-.00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. * . FORECAST.
- . A storm of considerable energy overlies
Washington "and Oregon. T Rain is falling from
Eureka to . Tatoosh Island and high easterly
winds i prevail generally on the coast north of
San Francisco.- , . - , - ...'.,."
Southeast stcrm warnings are displayed from
the Farallon Island northward.
The following high winds are reported: -Ta
toosh, ; 56 miles, northeast; North Head. 48
miles, southeast; Eureka, 28 miles, southeast.
Forecast made ' at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 30:
Northern - California— Rain Sunday; fresh
southerly winds; high on the coast
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday; f resh (
souther!;' winds. '
Nevada — Cloudy Sunday. • '>"¦;
San Francisco and vicinity — Rain. Sunday;
brisk southerly winds. • " •
- Los Angeles and vicinity— Fair Sunday,
cloudy at night; light northerly winds. chang :
ing to southerly. ".,V
Secramento — Rain Sunday; brisk to high
southerly winds." •
. ¦ Fresno — Cloudy Sunday, probably . rain by
night; brisk southerly wlrtds.
A. G.' McADIE. .District Forecaser.
: Steamer. , ; ' . From. . Xhle.
Empire....... Coos Bay & Pt. Orf ord. Oct. 30
Arctic........ Humboldt :.. Oct. 30
Enterprise Hllo Oct. 30
Rcdondo San Pedro Oct. 30
Chehalis San Pedro Oct. 30.
St. Paul Nome via Seattle Oct. 31
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Oct. 31
Arcaia Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Oct. 31
W.Kruger. .. Portland- & Astoria.... Oct. 31
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 31
Sierra. . .' Sydney & Way Ports. Oct. 31
Rainier ... Seattle & Belltngham. Oct. 31
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 31
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Oct. 31
S. Monica.... San Pedro Oct. 31
J. Hlggins.... San Pedro :.\ Nov. 1
Homer Grays Harbor Nov. 1
Santa Cruz... Southern Coast Xov. 1
Northland.... Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 1
Porno. ....... Point Arena & Albion. . Nov. . 1
Corona.. Humboldt Nov. 1
North Fork.. . Humboldt Nov. 1
Elizabeth..... Coqutlte River ........Nov. 1
Mackinaw. . . . Tacotna Nov. 2
Eureka....... Humboldt ..V..|Nov. 2
Jeanie......:. Seattle & Tacoma ....Nov. 2
Aurella.... .. Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... Nov. 2
Argo I Eel River Ports.. Nov. 2
S. Barbara. . . Grays Harbor : Nov. 3
Centralla. .... Grays Harbor Nov. -3
Acapulco New York via Ancon.. Nov. 3
Point Arena..| Mendocino & Pt. "Arena. Nov. 3
Santa Rosa...; Han Diego b. Way Pts. Nov. 3
Pomona Humboldt ..Nov. 4
.Callfornlan.. Seattle, ..Nov. 4
Bonlta. Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 4
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria. . . . Nov. 5
"Alliance .. Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 6
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul.. Nov. 7
Ci ty Puebla . . Puget Sound Porta .... No v. T
Memphis....." Hamburg & Way Ports. Nov. 7
Manchuria... China & JaDan Nov. 8
Aramon... ... J Seattle* [Nov. 9
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
WEATHER ; REPORT.
: There were no . loud, cheery, "Oh,
heave oh's" as they ; rolled the vanvas
into a close furl, for on that yard death
was lending* a hand, and though death
sails with Jack and is always ready to
lend a hand, the monarch of terrors is
an unwelcome shipmate. Bean died on
the yard and his body was lowered to
the deck, to be buried next day in the
blue -Pacific.
As the California was ' nearing the
Golden Gate Friday evening the man
up in the "crow's nest" raised a big
right whale close to the vessel. Here
were. 140 barrels of oil skylarking right
outside the Icrew's home port, and they
had cruised a whole season and not a
single right -whale had come to their
harpoons. Captain \ Joseph . backed his
main topsail and prepared to lower the
boats, . when the whale sounded. It was
traveling rapidly to the south and
darkness was on the sea before it again
arose for breath.
. - . The whaling bark California, Captain
Joseph, arrived; yesterday, ; thirty-eight
days from the Kurile Islands, north 'of
Japan. Her season's catch is a; light
one," consistingr of twenty sperm whales,"
yielding 820 barrels of oil. She left this
port December- 2, 1903, going to ..the
Hawaiian Islands, Guam and west to
the coast of Japan. The whaler: Wil
liam Barks was seen at Hakodate July,
23 with 1000 barrels of oil, .and ; the ; An-,
drew Hicks at the same port with 600
barrels. .; - :
A death occurred on the California
while ; the vessel : was cruising off .the
Hawaiian Islands. "-'Jesse' Bean, one ; of
the crew, ; a;" native of .Denver, \Colo.,
was afflicted with heart failure and had
shipped -on the whaleri thinking that
possibly , a few months at sea .would-be
beneficial. Bean told his shipmates -of
the possibility of : hig death and .asked
them to look ¦ out for him should ¦ he J be
struck down suddenly. He was on the
main yard with a number of other sail
ors furling the j mainsail when the ex
pected end • came. The stricken man
was seen to drop the fold of canvas he
was grasping and : lean- limply over the!
yard. He would have slipped from his
insecure perch and. fallen into the. sea,
but the man next to -him held Bean
across the yard while the sail was being
stowed. , . .» j .'.--.' ; ' ,
1 YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 14-^-Br stm r Al
bensa. for New York * *
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to Oct 29 — Br
stmr Housa tonic, hence ¦ Sept 11.
HONGKONG— Sailed Oct , 29— Stmr Kcrra.
for. San Francisco via Yofcphama and Hoaofulu.
OCEAN STEMERS.
NEW .YORK— Arrived" Oct '29— Stmr Phila
delphia. ¦• from Southampton. - —
Sailed Oct : 29 — Stmr" Penn3ylvania. for
Hambuig; stmr Umbrla. . for Liverpool; stmr
St Paul, for Southampton:, stmr Mesaba. for
London; stmr Kroonland, for Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Min
neapolis. • from London for. New York. ¦
ROTTERDAM— Arrived , Oct - 29— Stm r Ryn
dam. from New York via . Boulogne: .
i Sailed Oct 29 — Stmr Rotterdam, for New
; York. .
LIVERPOOL — Arrived - Oct : 29— Stmr Victo
rian, from New York; stmr Lucania. fm New
York. - . ;..,-..
Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Etruria, for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Finland,
for New York. - :¦ -•' . •¦¦•¦¦" .
HAVRE— Sailed Oct 29— Stmr La Touralne.
for New York.
GENOA — Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Canopic for
Boston. ¦
' SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Oct 29 — Stmr
New York, from New York via Plymouth and
Cherbourg. .
Memoranda.
Per whal bark California, from Kurile Isl
and.' Oct 29 — Vessel has* been leaking for last
'60 days. The whal bark Chaa W Morgan and
whal . bark -Andrew Hicks were in port . at
Hakodate July 23; former had 1000 bbls sperm
oil and latter 600 bbls sperm oil.
Per Br stmr. Mexico — Came to San Francisco
fo r general overhauling.
p er Br ship Grenada, at San Francisco. Oct
28. from Antwerp— Sailed from Antwerp on
June - 1. had fine weather and moderate : NE
trades to- the equator, which waa crossed on
July 17. in long 25. W. Got the SB trades on
the Equator and carried them . to lat 45 S.
Had NE winds around Cape Horn; was 12 days
from lat 60 S to lat 50 8. Had NW winds to
lat 25 8. Got SE trades In lat 25 S and"car
ried them to lat 5 N. -Crossed the Equator on
Sept 30. in long 115 W. Got NE trades in
lat 6 N and lost them in lat 38 N. From
thence to port had NW- wind.
WHALING BARK CALIFORNIA ARRIVES IN PORT
AFTER CRUISE IN PACIFIC AND JAPANESE WATERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY; OCTOBER, : 30, v 100^.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. • -,-. . Destination. V Sails.
Cottage City.". Skagnray & Way Ports. Oct. 31
I-'aralion.'.... Ska'gway & "Way Ports. Oct. 31
Santa Clara.. Seldovla & Way Ports. [Nov. 1
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Xov 2
Bertha. . .... . [ Cooks ; Inlet & Way Pts|Nov. 10
46
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
XfijV Train* leare and mr« d*«
Vy^Vrrr>^r\ to«rrlT«»t
(S^^^\t\ sa^ fbancisco »
I • Jfl) r*0X OOTOBM '*. 1004.
i'Y^Sjy F»b*t D«pot
S -^JC iJS jyoot of Market Street >
t..A»« — MAIN LINE. — asttV
7.00a VaearUle. Winters, kumsejr. 7.5oi
7.00a Ben Ida, Elm Ira aad Sacramento.. 7.20^
740a Vallejo, Nap*. Callitoga. Santa
Kosa. Martinez. Saa Ramon §.20>
7 30a Ntles. Tracy. Latarop. 3toc»:oo .... 7.20*
8 CCa Sbatu Expreta— (Via D»tU).
William*, WlUows, tl'i'nto, Ke-d
'¦' Blail. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7.90P
8 00a DaTla. Woodland. Knlgbu Landing.
MaryavUle. Oro^Uie 7.M*
8-30* Martinez. Aotloch. Byron, Tracy.
Stockton, Xewman, Los Baaoa.
Mendota. Annoas, Hanford,
Vlsaita. Ponerrllle 4^0s>
830a rort Costa. Modesto, Merced.
Fresno, Oosbsn Jane tlon. Haa-
ford. Vlsalla. Bakers n eld 4.5B*
830a Sllea, San Joae. LtTermore. Stoek*
ton. (t Milton), loae, Sacramento,
MaryaTllle. Chlco. Bed Bluff .... 4.2O»>
8-30A Oaicdale. Chinese. Jamestowa. So- . '
aora. Tnolamne and Anireli .'.... +*¦£*
. 800a A Mantle Express— OgdenandBasi. »20»
930a Richmond. Martinez and Way
Buttons ,"............-... •• 5i "
104J0ATb« OTerlnnd Limited — Ostdeu.
Omaba. Chicago, Denter. Kansas „_
¦ .ioooa va c ;K^?!:::::::.::::::::::::: "iHB
10.00a Los Aogelea Paaaenger — Port •
Costa, Martlaes. Byron. Tra«7.
-Lathrop. Stockton, Merce>4.
Ksymond. Fresno. Oosaen June-
Uon, Hanford. Lcmoore, VUalla, _
Batcenflfld. Los Angeles ViS*
12.00m Hayward. 5Iles and Waf Stations. 3-20»
ti-OOP Sacramento River Steamers Tl l.0U^
3 30p Benlcla, Wlnter». Sacramentsv.
Woodland. Knlghta Landtag.
MaryiTllIe, OrorllU aad way ".'**
statlona ;.. IB*"*
3-3GP Haj ward. Nllea and Way Stations.. /.SOP
3 30p Port Costa, Martinez, Uyron.Tracr.
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto,
Merced, Bereada, Fresao an€
Way Stations beyond Port Coata 12-20*
4 OOP UartlSez.San Unmou.VaJleJo.Xapa,
Callatoga. 8anta Roaa. 9.20a
4.00p miea. Tracy. Stockton 10.23*
, 4 JOp UaywarJ. Nllea. lrvlagtoa. Saa> tl-SOA
Jose. LITsnnore ) Ml. 50a
6 00PTh«i Owl Limited— Newman. Lo«
Banos, Mendota, FrstBO, Tulars,
Bakersfleld.LosAaz«les 8.50a
tB 30p Hay ward, Nllea and Saa Jos« ..... 7.20a
. S.OOPlIayward.NllesandSanJoaa. 9 50a
8-OOp Eaatera Expreaa— Omaaa. Chlc»r»,
Denrer. Kansaa City. St. Lou I a, _
Martinez. Stockton. Saeramaatak,
Colfax, Reno, Sparks, Moatello,
_-_' O«<Jea 12.R0s>
I.OOp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday ... . I T -«•
• 7J0P Vsllejo. Sunday only .:.... f 7 - B0 *
7 COP Richmond. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Stations t1-20A
7-OOp Reno Pasveoger — Port Coata, Bs»
nlela, Saiaoa, Elmlra. Dlxon.
Darls, Sacramento, yparltn. Tono-
pak. Keeier and Way Statlona... 7.50a
805p Oregon * Callforala Kxpr-s»t~8ao-
rameiito, JlaryaTtlle, Redding.
PortlaDd. Pnget Sonad and East. 1.58*
8.1 Op Hay ward. Kllea and Saa Joae (Sun-
dayonly) 11.80a
COAST LINE (harrow Uaags).
¦ Qfoot of Market Btrewt.)
••16a Newark. Oenterrille. Baa Job*,
Felton. Bonlder Creak, Saata
Cruz and Way Stations 5 Mm
t2.15P Newark. Ontervllle. Baa Joas,
New Almaden. Loa O.ito«.Fe!toa,
Boulder Creek, Saata Cru* aad •
., Principal Way Stations tiO.SSA
4. Up Newark. 8aa Jose, Los Gataa...] *]5."f|jJ
o930p Hnsters* Train (Saturday onlj) —
San Joae and Way Stations *7.25p»
COAST LINE (Urosd tisagt). -
tr (Third aud Townaend Streets.)
8.10a San Joae and Way SUtlona *-30p
7.00a Pan Jo«e and Wny Stations 6.40P
800a New Almaden <Tue».. Frld.. only). 4.10s»
. 8-OCATho Coantrr— San Joae. Salmaa.
San Ardo, Paao Roblea. Saata
Margarita. Saa Lola Oblspa,
Guaaalape, Gaflota, Santa Bar-
bara, San BuenaTentnra, Mon-
talro. Oxnard, Bur bank, Los
Angeles 10-33*
8.00a Gilroy. Holllsterr Caatro-ftrie. Del
Monte, Pacific Grore, Surf, Lom-
poe 10.30P
9.00a »«n Joae. Tret Plaoa.WatsonTlUe,
Capltola. Santa Cruz, Pacific
GroTe. Salinas. San Luta Oblapo
anil Prtnclp*- Way 8tatlona. ... 4-19p
10-30A San Joae and Way SUtlona 1.20p
11 2CASaa Joae and Way Stations 7.30»
2-15P l>aa Joae and Way Stationt 8 3Sa
SXLPDel Monce Kxprcaa— Santa Clara.
Ean Jose. Watnonrllle. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte.- Mou terey.
Pacific GroTe 12-13p
1 3-00p Los Gatoa. WrU'ht. Boulder Creek,
.s»n'i Crux, Tla Sacta Clara aud
Xarrow Gauge -fiO^oA
J30P Valencia St.. Sooth San Franctsco.
Burllnsraine, Shu Jo«e, lil.roy.
Hoi lister. Trenl'ino* 11 4S a
430p *an Jone aad Way Sutlont t8C0A
- tS-COP Santa Clara, sun Jose. Loa (iatoa,
and principal Way-Station* (ex- ¦¦ ?^<
cep* Sunday) r9.C0A
J6 30p fcanJokcandPrlnc|pitlWayStatlona 53.40a
6 45p Snncet Express.— Ueil wood. San
Jote,Gltroy.Sallnas,PasoUoblea. ' --
8sn Luis Oblspo, Santa Barbara, .
¦ Lo« AriKelm. l«emlng. Y\ Pano.
- ' St.Louls.KewOrlesiisiCrewTork 910a
B.45p Psjaro, Waucnrllle, Capltola, ¦
Sauta Crui. CaatroTlUe. Del *
lloute. Pacific Gtotc 10-30P
16-15P taulluteu.Bereafor4,Belmont.Sa]|
., Carlos. Uedwood, Fair Oaka,
MealoPark. Palo Alto -t8.48A
6 30p San Jcne and Way Stations. 6.38a
8-C0p PaJo Alto and Way Sutlons 10.15a
11 .30p South San Francisco. MUlbrae, Bur-
» llngame, San Mateo, Belrcont,
£aa Carlo*. Kedwood, Fair Oaka,
Meulo Park, and PaJo Alto t9.4Sp
•1130PMaytteld. Mounuia View. Sunny- ."""^
Tale. Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
gaaJoae.. t9-45p
- A for Morning. P for Afternoea. "~"
1 Sunday exeepted. t Sunday only,
t- Saturday only. ft Monday only.
. {biups at all stations oa Sunday^
CALIF OBNIA NORTHWESTEBN RY. CO.
Tlbnron Ferry. Foot of Market Street. .
8AK F&A2TCZSCO TO SAW mATASb.
WK£K DAYS— T:30; »:0O. U:0O a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. S:1O, 6:30 p. m- Thursday*— Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:10 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAU BAP A TIT. TO SAK FBAJTCXSCO.
.WEEK DAYtl— «:0S, 7:35. 7:00, 9:20, U:13
a. m.; 12:30. 2:40. 0:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 8:33 9. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:40. U:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:»0w
4:05.' 5:05. 8:25 p. m.
Leave | In Effect I Aniv«
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904. f Ban Fraa.
Week I Sun- I Deatlna- I Sun- j Weak
Days. I days. | tlon. ] days, f Days.
:7:30 a 8:00 a »Tl»a S:4Oa>
9:30 a Ignado. 10:40 a 1O:2O a
8S0p 3:30p «:03p 6:20 9
6:10 p 5:00 p 1 7:35 p
7:30 a 0:10 a 8:40a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 8:08 p 8:20 »
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:55 p
5 :0O p Banta Rosa.
7:30 a ~ 1O:4O a 10:2O a>
¦ ' 8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 0:20 9
8:80 p 8:30 p t
• . ¦ Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
¦ • Lytton.
8:30 p 8:30 p Geyscrrtlla. 7:35 p 0:20 p
Cloverdala.
7:30 at 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:2O a
. 8:SOp| 3:30 p| and UXlah. { 7:35 pj 8:20 p
T" 7 ""] : j WUUts and j I . -
7:30 a| 8:00 at Sherwood. \ 7:35 pj 8:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30p|3:30p< - GaernevUIa. |7:35p|«:2Op
7:30 at 8:00 at 8onoma, I 9:10 at 8:40 a
: 5:10 p| 5:00 pi Glen EU«a. | 6:03 p| 8:20 p
~7:30a| 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:80p|3:30pl SobastopoL |7:35p|«:20p
STAGES connect at Green Bra* for Sao
Qucntln; at Santa Rosa for Whits Sulphur
Springs and Mark West SpVlngs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Oeyserv'.lla for Bkagg*-
8prlngs: at Cloverdala for the Geyserav Boone-
Tilla and Greenwood: at Hopland for Dvneat
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyrtn*. Carls-
bad Sprints. Soda Bay, Lakeport. Bartlet:
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Spring*
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Sprlnn!
Upper Lake.' Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's
Riverside. UeTly-s^Buckneirs. SanhedrU
Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
Hoiib*. Coroptcne. . Hopkins, • Mendocino City
•Fort Bragg. Westport and L'sal; at WUUts for
Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
Bragg. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvtlle, Cummins*.
B«ll"s - Springs, Harris, Hubbard. FrulUand.
Dyer. Garberrlllt. Camp 8. Pepperwood. Scetla
and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at ra>
! Cuesd rates. » *• ¦ . _ .
¦ -On Sunday — Round- trip tickets to all potato
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building. .
: JAS. I«. FBAZIER. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
!Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lt. Saa frmcuso treaa [ Ar. iia fraaciaf
11-00* 4-%^ a: * 5 '
"l:45*p l:4Br) 6:33p ""'et'a'j?
- fcttrtjTi *:?»? W^ "'¦',^Satardats ll:13p
MUGraTity Car V. ~ MtTaaah«M»illinT«nij*
a^L I «» Marxkt Sr.,(North Shore Railroad)
- UrlGB { and Sausalito Fsxxy. Foot Market St."
Weekly Call, SI per Year
TO LEASE.
TO lease — Basement on Market st.. In business
district, suitable for a barber shop, restau-
rant or avny business which can be conducted
In a basement. Box 4019. Call.
TO LET. !
FIRST 221-223 — Second floor, corner building,
41x72; well Jlphted for manufacturing busi-
neaa* -_ _j_
T Y m W JtJTZKS AKD SUPPLIES. B
Ajr^xcepUonaily^rood No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. f25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; *entals^J2 B0. The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec Co- 508 Market.
ALMOST new; $100 machlntt cheap. Call 5 to
8 p. m.. 2051 Ellis «t.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write Tor it.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
MARRIAGE UCEXSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
James Gerstley, 21 London. England, and
Adcle H. Mack. 18. 1S01 Gough street-
Antonio AlUeVo. 25. 171 South Park, and
-LolseUa Alolrt. 21 171 South Park.
Luigl Canata 25. 1002 Grove street, and
Emiglla Garibaldi 1*. 1602 Grove etreet.
Walter C. Clark. 22. 1UC Ellis street,' and
Mary C Connolly, 19. l'.'Sl Devlsadero street.
Andrew C. Harrison. 2». 500 Mission street.
and Edith M. Burns. 28. Seattle, Wash. •
Simon Friech 30. 21» Clara street, and
Annie Grossbery. 24, Oakland.
Albert A. Rudolphus. 21. Sacramento, and
Mary E. Gears' IS, 437^4 Minna street.
Charies L. Ehirk. 21. 242 Turk streft, and
Rosalie Land 18 33S Golden Gate avenue.
Elijah R Manes. 25. 444 Third street, and
Annitta Rodricks. 27, 444 V» Third street.
Norman McKellar, 21. 1761 Pine street, and
Mercy Treadwell, 21. 27C9 Laguna street.
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. '
Birth, marrtsxe and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must he handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to hav- the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. ¦ '.
; borx.
BARNES— Xn this city. October 29, 1904. to
the wife of B. L. C. Barnes, a son.
COMMINS — In this city. October 25, 1904, to
th« wlfa> of John F. Commins. & Eon.
DUFFY — In this city. October 26. 1904. to the
wife of Dennis M. Duffy, a daughter.
GRAHAM— In Alameda. October 19, 1904. to
the wife of John McDougal Graham, a
daughter.
LANDECKER — In this city, October 28. 1904,
to the wl(e of Hugo Landecker, a son. ,<.;..
McPHUN— In this city October 20, 1904, to
the wife o l Edward William McPhun. a son.
MOULIN— In this city. October 25. 1904, to
the wife of Gabriel Moulin, a son.
O'BRIEN— In this city, October 17. 1904. to
the wife of W. J. O'Brien, a eon.
PRYAL — In this city, October 18. 1904, to the
wife of Charles L. PrjaJ. a daughter.
REILLY — In "this city. October 23. 1904, to
the wife of William H. Reilly, a eon.
SPENGEMANN— In this city. October 26.
" 1904. to the wife<of Charles H. Specgemann,
a. daughter.
TRAINOR— In Suisun City Cal.. October 22,
1904. to the wife of A. N. Trainor (formerly
Gertrude Lermen), a son.
MARRIED.
ANDERSON — WESTERMANN— In Oakland,
October 19, l»O4, by the Rev. A. Jatho,
Charles A. Anderson and Ophelia Wester-
raann. both of Oakland.
BAACK— FEY— In this city, October 23. 1904,
by the Rev. A. Jatho, Henry P. Baack and
Sophie Fey, both of Saui Francisco.
HEALEY— FANJOY— In Berkeley, by the Rev.
H. H. -Dobbins, Frank Heuley and Jennie
Kanjcy.
LEDER— CAMPBELL— In this city". October
24, 1904. by the Rev. Father Maximilian,
Max Lcder and Lizzie Campbell.
MOYLES — GARDINER — In this city. Septem-
ber 7. 1004. by the Rev. T. C. Clancy, O. P.,
Jainee W. Moylcs and -Gertrude D. Gardiner,
both of San Francisco.
PLACE — CAMPBELL — In this city. October
26. 1904 by the Rev. H. H. Bell." Harry L.
Place of Caledonia, N. Y. and Dora Camp-
bell of this city.
ROBERTSON— KENNY— In this city, October
5. 1904. in St. Luke's Church by the Rev.
Burr M. \Ve«den, tieorge A. Robertson and
Maud A. Kenny, both of this city.
THEILER— HIMMELBERGER— la Oakland,
October 27. 1904. by the lUrv. A. Jatho Emil
Theiler and Susie Himmelberger. both of
Fruitvale.
WADS WORTH— DOW— In this city. October
2w. 1904. by Judge A. B. Lawson. Thomas E.
Wadsworta and Janet R. Dow, both of San
Francisco.
WOLFROM— KING— In this city Octiber 22.
1904. by the Rev. Father O'Neill Walter F
Wolfrom and Violet V. King.
VIED. ~~
Ahem. Daniel Mitchell Margaret
Anderson. Hans K. Mitchell. Infant
Avansino, Hercld Murray. Janus
Baumann, Sophia Nightingale. Mrs. E.
Bill. Minnie Normand Eugene C
Bouyssou. Paul O"Brien. Michael
Collins. Elisabeth Oglio, Erneeta
Colling, Timothy Otten, Peter
Conoannon. lUry 1'ccez Emile L T
Curtis, L"fcthcr Poehlmann Lorenza
Dearborn. Hazen S. Princely William E
Dleffenbacher. Alma Ilapgio. Lilly
DleCenbacher. Tillie Ries Laura D
Dyer. George G. Russ. Wealthy B.
Greenfield. A. Clarke Schmidt Charles
Hall. Isabelle R. Sheerin. Isabel K.
Hayes, Ann Simon. Pauline
HettU. Richard S. Smith Frederick W
Heeif. Lawrence Stevenson Robert
Hull. William W. Sullivan "Mary
Knopf. Lizzie Swaa. Burt H.
Uchtenberg. Rudolph Tlngley, Belfort A.
Longmoore. Ann J. Turton. Harry
Lusk. Georgia Ward James
McGrill. Patrick H. Winesarner. Delia
AHERN— In this city. October 27. 1904, Daniel
Aheni. btloved brother "of Michael Ahem
Mrs. J. Mulcahy and Mrs. D. Eheehan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged OS years.
CT'Fri^nili- and a<qur.intanc«*s are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
Ibunday). at 12 o'clock, from the residence
«f his jilBter. Mrs. Jeremiah Mulcahy 124
Fourteenth Btif^t. thence to St. Charles'Bor.
rorr.eo s Church for ten-ices at 12 :30 p ni.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem
high mass will I* celebratt-d for the repoae
of his soul to-morrow <Monday) at 9 a m
at St. Charles Borromeo's Church.
ANDERSON— In Ontervllle. October 29 1901
Hans K.. beloved father of Henry a. and
<TharIes Anderson, a native of Norway aired
«S9 years. *
¦AVANSINO— In this city. October 28.' 1904
Herold Avansino, dearly beloved son of
David «nd X.lzzie Avansino, and brother of
Alice and Ml!ton Avat.sino. and grandchild
of Antcme and Tlwreaa Avansino a native
of S«n Francisco, axed C months.**.-.
Jty Friends and ucqualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fnneral services
to-day (Sunday). October 30. at 1 -30
p m.. ai the rmidi-nce oi his parents f2'j',i.
Green Etreet. Interment Italian Cen-.etexy. "
BAUMANN— In this dry. October 2S 1904
bophia. beloved wife of Camper Baumann!
devoted mother of Ieador. William and Mary
SfZ-M 11 ™'.^ 111 .^' 1 - Mrs Annie HeilU
ZFt£2? £ n - Jo «e »"hof. and grandmother
of Dora Baumann. Frank and Emll Zust and
Joseph Hedlger. a native of Canton Uri
Wasen. Meien. Switzerland, aged 51 years
11 months and 6 days. J
ETFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend • the funeral tSSay
H. K. bunr & Co.. 11.57 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence tk ttt
Anthony-. Church. Army and Fol£m street
for services at 2 p. m. Interment Holy Crosi
Cemetery. A requiem high mass wiUbZ
celebrated for the repose of her soul on
Monday. October 31. at St. Anthony', Church
commencing at 8 a. m. «-"urca.
BILZ — In Pleasanton. October 24. i»04 mi. '
nle. beloved daughter of Mrs M lc an*
tbe.'U* J. A. BU«. and sister of Mrs E »
Gin- rd and Solma Bile. E - R "
ft Friends and acquaintances are resDect*"
f * toviud to attend the funeral semcei
k. . October 30. at 2:30 p. m.. « the ¦
Fre» .: church at Measanton. Crema-
tian at Oakland Crematorium Monday Ootn
b^T SI. Mt 11 a. in.
BOfTSSOU— In thU city. October -7
f *"." I *2°»'"«*«>. "Ml brother of Isidore "b
tonln. Emile ana genjamln Bouyesou, a ,na-
HENRY J CALL ACHE « CO.
<SOO D^?EL° P^^VaVm^
FU^? R^ L t DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEE3.
20 FUtb St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South isO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS;
¦ ' Funeral Directors ' and Embalmera
Formerly In Metropolitan Templet -
NOW at 866 MISSION.. TeL -. South 1«7
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth stl !
Plnect Equlpmeata at ' Moderate ' Ratea. * ¦
y. J. Monabaa. Manager. Tel. Mission 3JL
;monahan, o'hara & co.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND" EMBALMERS.
-2329-2841 Mission «t-. near : Nlneteentk.^4?
San Francisco.
streets, Oakland. Funeral'under the aus-
pices of Verbano Circle No. 458. , C* P. of A.'
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. ¦;"•:.. '"/.'.'
OTTEN— In this city. October'28. 1904, Peter,
beloved husband of Meta Otten,"' and father
of Meta, Frieda and Herman ¦• Otten.; Mrs. ;
J. Costello and Mrs. Louis Lacazctte, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 58 years 6 months and
'.' 6 days;..- . .' ; . . ."'-'": ;¦;¦.; "¦ -:'*¦:.:•-¦ '¦''¦¦' - f .-'
C5*FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 p. m., from his late residence.
1202 Kearny street, comer-of:- Vallejo.. and
. thence to Odd Fellows' Hall. ¦ where . funeral
- services will be held at 2 p. m. under the
auspices of Concordla Ixtdge.No. 122,' I. O.
O. F. .Interment I. ¦ O. O. F. "Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. . . •
PENEZ— In this city, October 20 JBttl/iEmlH
L. T., beloved father of CharleS-T* Penez,,
. a native of France, aged 64 years (J months
and -4 days. ¦ .- ¦'._¦
HJ' Notice : of funeral hereafter. . Remains
. at the funeral parlors • of Iaccherl. . Duclos &
Co., 629 Broadway, between -Dupont and
Stockton streets. . : .
Lodge Franco-Amerlcalne ; No. 207. I. O.
jO. F.— Officers and members are invited:to
attend the funeral of • our . late brother, ¦ E.'-
Penez, Tuesday, November 1, at 1:30 p. m.,
from Red Men's Hall, 220 Golden Gate
avenue. j. m. BOSCUS, N. G.
.L. L. REMY. Secretary. w
POEHLMANN— In this city, October 29, 1904.
Lorenza. beloved wife of Theodore . Poehl-
mann. and mother of Mrs. Tlmedade Bower
and Willie. Julia and -baby Poehlmann a'
native of Mexico, aged 35 years 2 months
and 19 days. (Sacramento • papers please
copy.)
- C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ¦ services
Tuesday. November 1,. 1904, at 10 a. m., at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company. 24S3 Mission etreet.
nea* Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. -
PRINCELY — In this ' city, October 28. 1904.
William Edward E. Princely, beloved son of
Mrs». Chris Sol-ussier and the late William
Princely, ¦ a native of Columbia, Tuolumne
County. Cal.,' aged 47 years 11 months and
25 days. , : ;-> ¦:.;•
B7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, October 31, at 10 a. m., at the
parlors of Valente. Marini & Co., 1521
Stockton street.
RAGGIO— In. this city, October 29 1904,- Lilly,
; dearly beloved wife of Glo Batta Ragglo.
loving mother of Edmund, Lena, Elvira and
Unllda Ragglo. sister of Mrs. Louise Rag-
glo. and daughter of Anna Gagllardo and of
the late Bartolomeo Gagllardo, a native of
San Francisco aged*32 years 11 months and
11 days.
t^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 81. 1904, at 9:50 a. m., from her
late residence. 520 Filbert street, thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 a. m. sharp.
RIES — In this city, October 2S, 1004, at the
.residence of her daughter, Mrs. Bernard
' Faymonville, Laura Dodge Rlep. ¦ (Canton
and Ogdtnsburg, N. Y., papers please copy.)
KTFuueral and Interment private. ¦
RUSS— In Alameda. October 28, 1904, Wealthy
Blethen Rues, beloved wife of A. S. Russ.
mother of Mrs. C. P. Doe and Albert Russ,
and sister of C. J. McClure, a native
of Maine, aged 70 years and 5 months. -
G7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 30. 1904, at 2 p. m.. from the rest-
- dence of her daughter. Mrs. C. P. Doe. • 3240
Briggs avenue. Alameda, Interment Ever-
green Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SCHMIDT— In this city, October 28.- 1904.
Charlea Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged
| . 34 years.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 p. m., from the San
Francisco Turn Verein Hall. 353 Turk street.
where funeral services will be held under the
auspices of San Francisco Turn Verein. Re-
mains at the parlors of Theodor Dierks «J57
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SHEERIN— In Sacramento, October 28 1904,
Isabel K., beloved wife of Joseph A. Sheerin.
mother of Joseph A. Jr.. daughter of Mr.
and Mrs.W. H. Worden. and sister of W.
H. Jr., T. A. and Elsie . M. Worden, a na-
tive . of San Francisco, aged 23 years 6
months and 9 days. -
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:45 a. m.. from. the residence
of. the late Daniel Sheerin 2216 Geary street
thence to the Church of the Most Holy Re-
deemer, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by electric car, leaving
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. -
SIMON — In this city. ! October 27, 1904, Pauline,
beloved wife of M. Simon, and mother of
David and Isaac ¦ Simon and the late Abe
and Sam Simon, and sister of Sol,' Joe, Saul
and the lat? Joachim Jonas and Mrs L.
Dresner, a native of Rogasen, Prussia, aged
78 years and 10 months. (Placerville and
New. York napers Dlease copy.) ¦
CFrlends «uid acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. October 30, 1904. at 9:30 a.m., at
her late residence. 1714 O'Farrell stre«t be-
tween Fillmore and Steiner* and thence by
11 a. m. creek boat to Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Oakland, for Interment.
SMl'^O— In this city. October 29, 1004, Fred-
crlck William, . dearly beloved and only Eon
of George F. and' Augusta W. Smith and
brother of Mrs. H.N.. Thomas., a native of
San Francisco, aged 19 years 11 months and
17 days. .
O'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 p. m.. from the residence
of his parents, 8829 Army street, between
Dolores and Church. Interment strictly pri-
vate.
STEVENSON— In this city, October 27 1904,
Robert, beloved husband of Mary Stevenson,
and father of Mrs. James Harrold, Mrs
George Angle, Mrs. A. A. Gnarlnl and Wal-
lace and Bruce Stevenson, a native of War-
wick. Scotland, aged 78 years and 10 months
E7"Frlends are invited to • attend - the
funeral services Sunday. October SO at 2
p. m., at his late residence, 1457 Clay'street
Interment private.
SULLIVAN— In this city. October 29, 1004,
Mary, beloved mother of Peter and Daniel
Sullivan, a native of County Cork Ireland
aged 91 years.
SWAN— In Oakland. October 27 1004 Burt
Hamilton Swan, husband of -Kate'Cutler
Swan, son of George W. Swan of Hollister
and nephew of Mrs. E. P. Hutchlns of
Berkeley, aged 35 years .7 months and 25
days. . . - ¦• ¦¦,¦:..¦-...,¦•
E7Funeral to-day (Sunday, at 2 p m
from the- First Congregational • Church"
Berkeley.
TINGLEY— In this city. October 27. latW
Belfort A., beloved husband of Lucrata A
Ttngley, and brother of Frank Tlngley, a
• native of Canada, aged 57 years 1 month and
2 days. (Moncton, Canada, papers please
copy.) ;
; . (ETFriwids' and acquaintances are respect-'
S fullv Invited to : attend .. the funeral to-day
«lSunday). at 11 a.m., from the Mission -Ma-
sonl;" Temple, under, the; auspices of South
San Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. and" A.' M.
Interment private. ¦ • . '-¦* — .'?•'»»<¦' >;¦
TURTON — In Fresno. October 24, 1904." Harry,' ¦
beloved -son of Annie H.'and the late Henry
Turton of Lahalna, Island of Maul, Territory
of Hawaii, and brother of. the late "Frank
N. Turton. ' (Honolulu ¦ and Sydney papers
please copy.) •:.->¦
ty Friends and . acquaintances and ex-
members ¦ of Co.. F,'- First California Volun- i
teers, and *x-members of .' Company F,< First
Infantry, N. G. C. are , respectfully Invited
- to attend the funeral to-day (Sunday),
'at 2 p. m., from the armory of Battery r A
First Battalion of Artillery. N. G. C • 815
- Ellis : street. Interment National Cemetery
Presidio. '
WARD— In ' this city, October 28,- 1904, • James
Ward, a native of Ireland, aged - 02 years.-
WINEGARNER— In • this city, .October '•: 29
1004, Delia Wlnegarner (nee Ratto)' beloved
wife df Albert Wlnegarner.- and mother /of
Charles > and George r Archambault a native
of Canada, , aged 52; years 8 months and 22
days. ' ¦ " ; " ¦ ¦¦">.;- ¦¦¦ ¦ .- ¦ •
Uve of France, aged 31- years 7 months and
10* days. ' ;^MS»8etgS^ ) *<SfiS»raK|i
$y Friend" and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend .the funeral
October 80. at 12:30 p. m., from the funeral
. parlors of Iaccherl. Duclos & Co.. 629
Broadway, thence to Notre Dame aes \ lc-
tolrea Church for services, thence to Lnlon-
SQuare Hall. 421 Post etreet, where services
¦Kill be held under the auspices of La Gau-
lolse. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by,
carriage.
COLLINS— In this city. October 29. 1904.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of James Collins,
and loving mother of John S.. James H.,
William P and the late Joseph F. Collins,
and sister of the late Mary Hannan, a na-
tive of Ballymote. County SUgo, Ireland,
agred C2 years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 1« lets street, between Twelfth and
Thirteenth thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 10 a. m.
Intennent Holy Croes Cemetery.
COLLINS— In Sacramento, October 2S 1904,
Timothy, beloved son of Kate and the late
Timothy Collins, and brother of " Peter Col-..
' lins. Mrs A. Mullan, Mrs. W. Honan. Mrs.
T. Cusick and Mrs. J. Moore, and '¦ nephew
of Peter Collins, a nephew of San Fran-
y Cisco, aged 25 years.
GTFrieads and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the faneral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 515 FoUom street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's' Church, where a requiem 1 high mass
wll be celebrated for the repose of his BOUl
I at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
' COXCAJS'NOX — In this city, October. 29.* 1&0L
Mary" infant daughter of Michael and Cath-
erine Concannon.* a native of San Francisco,
aged 25 days. ..
CURTIS— In Oakland, October 29. 1904, Esther,
beloved wife of James M. Curtis, and sister
of Mrs. Margaret IJolan, a native of County
•yVestmeath. Ireland, acred 77 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday
October 31, 11)04, at 8:30 a, m.. from her
late residence. 1220 Seventh street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 a. m. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. , '
DEARBORN— In this city. . October 29, 1904.
at his residence. 12 Tremont avenue, Hazen
6.. In-loved husband of Annie F. Dearborn,
a native of New Hampshire, aged G6 years
7 months and 5 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances and com-
rades of the G. A. It. and Ladles of George
H. Thomas Circle No. 32 are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral, which will be
held under the auspices of George II. Thomas
i'ost No. 2. G. A. R.. from their hall. 220
Golden Gate ave., on Tuesday, November 1,
at 1 p. m. Interment George H. Thomas
Post plat. National Cemetery.
DIEFFENBACHER— In this city, October 29,
1904, Alma, - beloved daughter of the late
William and Tillie Dieffenbacher, and sister
of Willie and Gustave Dleffenbacher, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged IT years 1 month
and 22 days. (New York apd Philadelphia
papers please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday).* at 12:.T0 p. m.. from the parlors
or H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh 'and- Eighth. Interment
private.
DIEFFENBACHER— In this city, October 29.
1904. Tillie, beloved wife of the late William
Pleffenbacher. mother of Willie, Gustave and
the late Alma Dleffenbacher, and sister of
Mrs. George Miller, a native of New York,
aged 40 years 4 months and 2 days. (New
York and ¦ Philadelphia papers please copy.)
C7Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 p. m., from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
private.
•DYER— In Alameda. October 2S, 1904.~G«orge
Granddille Dyer, beloved son of Mrs. Mar-
garet Radigei*. and stepson of Frank Radl-
rer, a native of Ean Francisco, aged 18
* ears and 5 months.
GREENFIELI>— In this city, October 29. 1904.
A. Clarke, beloved huyband of Isabella K.
Greenfield, father of William. Ray, Charles,
Juanita. Percival and Belmont Greenfield,
and son of the late S. | R. Greenfield, a native
of Nova, t-cotia, aged 43 years 0 months and
25 days.
ICNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the luneral parlors of Bunker & Lunt,
:CC6 Mission street. Mission Masonic Tem-
ple, between Twenty-second and Third.
HALL — In this city October 29. 1904. Isabelle
R. Hall, beloved daughter of the late Wil-
liam and Levinia Hall, and sister of Bally
Hall. Mrs. Sarah A. Marryatt, Mrs. Levinia
Oberle and the late Maria, James, Frank
R. and Milton Hall, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years.
HAYES — In this city. October 27. 1904. Ann
Hayes, sister of Eugene and the late Daniel
Whelton, a native of Clonakilty, County
Cork. Ireland, aged O years.
E""TNutice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street.
HEATH— In this city, October 28. 1904 at his
residence, Richard 8elden. beloved 'son of
the bite Richard W. and Mary Elizabeth
Heath, aged 47 years.
C7"Services private.
HEEG — In this city, October 28, 1904, Law-
rence, beloved husband of Lena Heeg. and !
father of Heeg and . John and Charles
Murray, a" nativf of Germany, aged 65 years
b months and 3 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 p. m., from his late residence
1018 Alabama street, between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
HULI — In San Carlos. October 27. 1904.
William Whiople Hull, husband of Rosanna
Hull, and father of the late Henry Hull/
Mrs. Richard Shields and Guy and Asa
Hull, a native of Castleton. N. Y., aged »2
year.* ana 7 month*.
ICTServlce!! will take place at St. Mat-
tthew's- Church, Ean Mateo. Sunday, October
30, at 1:30 p. m.
KNOPF— In this city. October 29 1904 Lizzie
Knopf, beloved wife of August J. Knopf,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Liebert,
sifter of Mrs. K. Glover and Henry. Ernest
and Conrad Liebert. daughter-in-law of Mr.
and Mrs. Camile Knopf and sister-in-law
of Camille Knopf, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years li months and 5 days.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter.
LICHTENBERG — In this city, October. 28.
UMH, Rudolph, beloved husband of Margaret
. Llchtenberg. Und father of Kate, Edward,
Margaret and Rudolph Llchtenberg Jr., a
native, of Bremen,' Germany, aged CS 1 years
and 4 months.
ETTuneral to-day (Sunday), at 11 a. mV,
from his late residence. 2224 California
street. Interment private. Please : omit
flowers.
LONGMOORE — In this city, October 28, 1904,
Ann Jane Lonzmoore, a - native • of County
Monaehan, Ireland. |
CSTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the .funeral ¦ to-day
(Sunday), at 2 p. m., from her late residence,
47 Hott avenue, near Sixteenth street. ¦ Inter-
ment Cypremj Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car from Klsh'centh and Guerrero streets.
LUSK— In this city. October 29. 1904, Georgia"
Lusk. beloved sister of Mrs. Llllie Latimer
and Mrti. A. L. Shell, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 27 years 5 months and 9 days.
C7Nctice of funeral hereafter.
McGRILL — In this city. October 28. 1904, Pat.
rick H.. beloved husband of the late Sarah
McGrill, and loving father of William A,.
George F. and Mercedes Sadie McGrill, a
r.ative of Ireland, ; aged 70 years. " (Fresno
papers please copy.) / '_ '-¦
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 p. m., from his late ret-i-
df-ncf . 631 Bryant etreet. thence to St. Rose's
Church for services at 1 p. m. A solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repoa"; of his soul on Monday, October 31, at
9 a. m.. at St. Rose's Church. Friends are
respectfully Invited to attend. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MITCHELL — In this city, Octpber 29, . 1904.
Margaret, dearly beloved -wife of Alfred
Mitchell, and beloved mother -of Gertrude
Mitchell, an£ sister of 'Mrs. P. Foley and
Patrick and John Callaghan; also infant
son of Alfred and the late Margaret Mitchell,
a native of San Francisco.
MURRAY— In. this city, . October 29, 1904,
James, beloved husband of • Catherine Mur-
ray, and father of Charles. Llndley. George
Constance. Clay and the late James Edward
and Ida Murray, a native of England, aged
• 70 years. . - ... , -
CFriends *&& acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday-
October 31, 1904. at 9 a. m.. from the funeral
parlors of Garew & English, 29 Van N«bs
avenue, thence to Holy Cross Church for
services at 9:30 a. ¦'in. * Interment Holy Crosj
Cemetery, i ""JaTffifJfl i Wg^y HffilB
NIGHTINGALE— In this city.' October 29. 1904,
Mr*. E.F.: Nightingale, mother, of Arthur
Fuller, sister of Mre. C. Smith, slster-ln- law
of Mr. C.^ 8mlth. ;and daughter-in-law of
John Nightingale, a native of Boston* Mass
¦g*d 61 .years. -\ --,:. ¦;-,-."'*¦-- •¦,*:, "
tTFuneral notice hereafter.
NOItil AND— In' this > city. ' October 27. 1904
Kusene C. dearly .'beloved husband of ' Vlc-
U>rlne Norznnnd. and beloved father of Paul
A. Normand. Mrs. G. -Thomas and Mrs.
xJJ;,^ 1 ™ 1 . an<1 "brother of Pauline
•^5? • a native of France,; aged 74 years ¦*
?,.«CT» l S? d I an<1 ac< l u *«ntance8 are respect-
nJ?f r hi H ft e<l ,J? ,* tten(1 the -funeral Sunday,
October^ 30. 1004. at ¦ 8 :45 a. m., from his
late residence. , 325 - San Carlos avenue. - be-
tween Mission and Valencia.; Twentieth and
Twenty-nm streets, thence to French Church
?,^»?»? a i m V"- V JL ctotre " for •«"•»«¦• In-
terment Holy. Croes Cemetery • • ¦.-¦
O'BRIEN— In- <: this city, . October 29^ 1904
Michael, beloved brother of , Austin O'Brien
??£ < the late ? atrick . John :: and : Jeremiah
O'Brien, a native of County GsJway Tre.
, land, aged 63 years. ¦- . .'
. VT Remain* at - residence ; of : his "brother
AuaUn O'Brien. 237 El.le i stree" off' Co":
land • avenue.,- Notice of funeral . hereafter - •
OGLIO— In » Oakland.\ October^ 28 '¦*¦•' 1904 -" Er ¦
nests, Oglio. cou»ln of Jamte Mofra and Mrt'
Frank Falettl. a:natlve,of ;lUly aged^si
years 9 months and 20 days. •.-"-' .¦-. "
- CTFriends and acquaintances are respect '
fully Invited - to ." attend •¦; the ;•, funeral , this
• < Sunday) afternoon at 2 o'clock, i /rom For-
esters' . Hall, corner of Thirteenth t and ¦ Clay
\RAIIi\VAY TRAVEIi. -
ft varjfeJw^siA.VjKuLJ'f^CJ B
H 'CALIFORNIA- [%
H LflVilTEOtTO -CHICAGO B
1 1 1EATES M0RDAY3 tnd THURSDAYS B
H at 0:30 a. m."; through in da/a.n
H With diner and all trappinjri. M
':-.•-<'•.^.;7; other; S«ntai'P«' TrmJnail .
0-20 ir S" I F *> r StocktoK * Fresno. Bak.rsfleld.
8:00 £ m!j - '.?? e ™ed.^Hanf ord and Vlsalla.
4:00 p.m. -For Stockton. - >, .
8:00 p. m. For Kanaas. Qty, Grand Canyon
and • Chlcara.ibHBffl^MaaqaSBBBBiiaaM
Ticket Offices— «41 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
- -. San * Francisco; • also 1112 ¦ Broadway. , Oak-
-.. land. Cal.: also 27 South 1st. San Jo»e. ¦.-¦--
WSP^ 1 *^!^^ To SAN RAFAEL*
IS^I^M ? 0SS VALLEY,
|^^^^ I] MILL VALLEY,
CAZADER0 ' £tc -
I«WaimftE8fla^^W] Tla Sauiftllto larry
SUBURBAN SERVlCli^STANDARD GAUGK.^
Depart from 1 San : Francisco^ ¦ daily. • at \t7:03.
7:45. 8:25. 9:10. 9:50. >U:0Oa.^ m.: 1:45. 3:13.
4:35, 5:15.' 5:50. .8:30. 7:15. 9:00 and 11:U3
¦-.Arrive at San v Francisco, dairy,- at f6:4O.
7:35 8:15. « 8:50. 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 1^0, 2:55.
4:25| 5:0V 6:42.. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and 11:13
tDally except Sunday, i- -
For -Fairfax, dally, at' 7:45 a. m.; also Sat-
urdays at ¦ 3 :15 . pi : m.. and daily , except 3a tur-
day and Sunday at 5:13 p. m. . BHB
ffltgftjfjpp^ THROUGH TRAILS.
I-*.7:46 a.' m.' daily— Caxadero and way stations.
73:15 -p. rm.. - Saturdays : only— For, Cazadcro,
5,5:15 p/m.',: daUy. except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales, etc ¦-= J v^ T -•-_•.-_. - .,' • ¦¦-;
-.TICKET OFFICK-U-«50 Market St. ' , .
;'r; FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market St.. HIDES ANT) SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about Hfflc under quotations. -Heavy salted
Steers, Hiy,c; medium, !»%c: light. .Be: Cow
Hides. Sc for heavy nnd Oc for light; Stag3.
7c; Salted Kip. 10c: Salted Veal, lie; Salted
Calf. ll%c; dry Hides. l«J%(917c: dry Kip, 139
I4c; dry Calf. 10c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25£
40c each; short Wool. • 4<VSC:.e each ; medium,
7f>pS0c: long Wool, $l@l P0; Horse Hides.
*alt. $2 75 for large and $2©2 50 for medium.
$1 r»0®2 " for small and 50c for Colts: - Horse
Hides, dry. $1' 73 for large and $1 00 for me
dium $1 for small , nnd CiOc > . t or Colt*.
Buck SklnF — Dry Mexican. ..30c: dry -salted
Mexican. 23c: dr>' Central American.- ."0c; Goat
FUlns— Prime Angoras, ( 75c: extra large do.
$1 25: large. 5Cc: medium. S5c! nmall, 20e."
TALLOW — Xo."" : i' rendered. 4®4%o per lb;
No. 2. 3%c: Grease.. 2%C3c. ;;¦
•¦WOOL — Fall clip — SanJoaquIn and South
ern, 0Sllc: r Southern. -8i99c; Southertl Moun
tain 8811c: Middle : Counties, .- free, -; 12O14c:
do, defective. 10<5212c;; Northern free, 12&14C;
io defectlTe, : 10@12c: Humboldt and Mendo-
Slrin 14C1&C perjb.
HOPS— 1001 crop. 27031c >per lb.
Hides, Tallow. Wool ami Hops.
The leading future* ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ,
October 1 11%
December ... 1 13U 1 IStf 1 12 1 12
May 1 UTi 1 H!4 1 11 1 U%
July 07 07 95% 86%
Corn No. 2— .
October , •••• .... 62%
December... 4SU .40 . 43H " «H
May 45'^ 45% 45H 45*4
Oati No. 2— .}- --.-;;
October .... .... 29%
December ... 29 20% 28% 28%
May 81>» *3Ui 30% .31
Mess Pork, oer barrel —
October ••• .... .... 10 80
January 12 45 12 50 12 42% 12 42>4
May.. 12 62% 12 55 12 45 12,47%
Lard, per 100 pounds — '
October •-.. ...7 07%
January .... 7 10 7 10, 7 07% 7 07%
May... 7 20 7 22% 7 17% 7 20
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — .
October .7 20 7 25 7 20 7 25 .
January ..... C 47% G 50 '¦_". 6 45 C 4~>
Mey 0 C2% C C5 6 60 6 00
' CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy,- lie- for light medium. lUVtC for light.
14©14V4o for extra light and 15c for sugar-,
cured; dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13e; Califor
nia Hams. 12Uc: Mess; Beef. $10(310 60 per
bbl: extra Mem. $10 MQU; Family. <12912 SO:
prime ' Me*s Pork, 814 50; extra clear. 123:
Mess, $17 60: Dry Suited Pork. 10%c; Pig Pork,
$2G: Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces : quoted at 6V4c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and QffOUc for pure; half-barrels, pare, 8V»W
»%c: 10-fb tins. 1014c; 5-lb tins, lOHe; S-lo
tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8Hc: three
half barrels. S^c; one tierce, S%c; two tierces,
SWc: five tierces, 8?4c per lb.
Prorlsions.
The week closed on a Qutet and tame .mar
ket.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23— Money on call nom
inal, no loan*. Time leans, steady; sixty days.
3 per cent: ninety day*. SJ403H per cent; els
xncnths, .; r ,'vl per cent. Prime mercantile
paper. 4Sj4is per cent. Sterling exchange
easier, with actual busine?* in bankers' bills
ei *4.8<S7Se-4.*eS(» for derranii and at $4.M@>
4.S410 for Fixty-iiay biilF. Posted rates. $4 85a
4 K7>-j. Commercial bills. |4 KU,4@4 g.{a;.
Bar fllver. M*»c. Meskan dollars. 46V4c.
Government bonds, *tca.<2y; railroad bonds,
firm.
Xew VorU Stoctc List.
E. F. Huttcn & Co.. 4U0 California street
f=a» Kranci»~o member* of the New Tork
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quet^tiens of that Exchange:
Eales. I Stocks— IHighiLow.l Btd. I Ask.
J Adams Express..! [230 250
75,70O;Amalg Copper... j 70»i O 70*4 704
jAmer Can Co...; 1 «u 6U
Do pfd 1 47% 47%;
1.5CO Am C«r & Fdryl 27 1 26% 27 27'i
I DO pfd 84* 85
Amer Chicle 103 ma
Do pfd »o 04
300,Amer Cotton Oil 32«J 31% 31»i 32
Do rM. c ;»5 09
jAcjer D!»t Tel «« 27
Amer Ex 204 207
JAm Grass Twine 71c 7U I
[Am Hide & Lea th! 5 ZK,
I Do pfd j 21 22 '
1/M<o Amer Ice 0 8*, $% 9
2.700! Vo rfd... 37T4 87 37 37«
'AmtT Linseed 1S% n"
J Do pfd 35 jj«H
2,WiO f Am«'r Locomotlvcl 2S^ 27*i 28 2S«4
20OJ Do pfd UH 07«i tnVi 8S
lOOJAmer MaJt 6% 5^4 CW .',«
TOrtj Do pfd 22H 22lj 22^, 22%
4.<tOO Am Smelt & Refi 72=i 72V, 72% 72K
5.000J Do pfd 1113 112HII2 118
4,100 Amcr Sugar '145 143 I144U145
! Do pfd I13C 137
Umer Tel & Tel.' |H2«; 144
'Amcr Tob pfd.. 1144^|14<{
Wocleo 17$! 18
i Do pfd 83H| 84
1.900 Anaccnda 102 100 102 103
'Ann Arbor..... 30 32
.] Do pfd 60 64
27.KX>!A. T & S r 87U t,/ 67* 67U
20.000J Do pfd 1C2'.4 102U 1CGK 102«4
16,200Balt Sc Ohio S3 »4%f m%\ MK
ICO! Do pfd 96 96 05 JHJ
!I>a.y State Gas \L sl
15.7COU P. T.. ........ C7% Wfi C7% Gift
{Brooklyn Un Gai^i 223 228
SBrunswIrk D & I 7 8
i!iuttrrick Co. ...1 60 51
{Canada South...! 67?: C8%
33.000:Canad!an Pac... 130 vi 130^ 130H 130H
¦ SOO^C & 0 48>i «%l 48H 4flU
!C & A 3S 29"*
I i>o prd so 84
14.100JC & O W 25U 24 T4 24 Tt 25
I Do pfd A 63 C4
1,900! Do !>fd B...... 25% 34 34% 35
i Do d*bs 86 P6U
700IC&NW 197.195X4198 187
26,500iC. M 4 St P.. 17?H 172«4 172H 172 'A
I Do pfd 183 xcu
12.600'C. R I & P (new) U~\ 33% 34H 34%
5.5001 Do pfd 74% 74 74%! 74%
Do 4» 78y -gij
S.700'CI:l Terminal lji^ 1114 hu 12
6OO] Do pfd 261J 25U 22«| 25»i
»00;Chlcapo U T.... fl% 9% 0 »$.
300C. C..C& St L.. 85 Si% S4«4 55W
I Do prd..... :.... 100 .....
CBOOColo Fuel & Iron 44?J 42«4 44»4 44%
Xew York Money Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Oct. 29.— In the wheat pit the
*l«ech of the British Premier regarding Anglo-
Rucrlan affairs seemed to effectually dispel all
apprehension of hostilities between Great
Britain and Russia. The market was further
influenced by the bearish action of foreign
markets. As a result lower prices prevailed
here throughout the ' entire session. At the
opening December was down %c to at
?1 13 U to $1 13%. while May waa off Vfcc to
f-.c at $1 Xl»* to $1 11%. From the start
there was heavy liquidation. With an absence
of any substantial support the market became
weaker as the session advanced. In addition
to the bearish advices from abroad, the do
mestic news favored the bears. A report from
Minneapolis stated that there was little de
mand for either cash wheat or flour. The
movement of wheat from the farms continued
heavy to-day. Selling became increasingly'ac
tive late In the day on a statement of. the
English visible supply, showing an Increaso
of over 3,000,000 bushels during last week.
There were also large evening up sale* over
Sunday. The low point on December for the
day waa reached at $1 12 and on May at
(1 11. The markets closed practically at th»
bottom, final quotations on December being
l%c lower at si 12 and on May V4@%c lower
at 51 1101 HHc
In corn the opening was %^%c lower and
It ruled weak in sympathy with wheat. May
closed ii'6%0 lower at 48He*8&4c.
Oats were weak and dull. December closed
%o lower at 2S»ic.'
Notwithstanding the weakness of grains,
the provision market held steady on a fair
demand for lard. At the close January pork
and ribs were unchanged, and lard was 2}&c
higher.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins, Honey.
¦ The market continues quiet all around, with
the recent buyers too busy filling their orders
to attend to any new business. All quotations
for fruits are maintained, however, and the
market shown no weakness.
A car of ItAllan Chestnuts falls due to-mor,
row The California article Is cheaper.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7=)i©10c for
Royals and 0@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
6V4@7%c for White and 6H07O for Red:
Peaches. '7V4«?8Uc P«r '*>: Pears. 7@12c;
Plums, pitted. tt@6*ic for black, 8©?V4c
for red and 7@S^c for yellow: Figs. 2-crown
bricks, 50c; 3-crown. 55c;- 4-crown, 60c; 6
crown, C5c; bulk. white. 2%@3c: black, Sftc.
Evaporated Apples, 5%®7c per lb.
PRUNES— l%Ql?4o per lb for the four sires
and 2 'ic, basis for the large sizes.
. , RAISINS— 1004 crop f. o. b. Fresno — Im
perial clusters. $2 25©2 B0; Debesa. $18302;
London Layers. S0c@$l; Loose Muscatels. 4
crown. 4!<iiVjc; ;»-crown, 3\iQ3%c; 2-crown,
3@3?»c: Seedless. -%<S2 : kc; Floated. 3c; Seed
ed 4@5Vic; Thompson's Seedless, 4%c; Seed
less Sultanas. 3Uf?3%c pe r lb.
NUTS— New Walnuts. No. 1 tofUhelt, 12O
12%c: No. 2, lOCflOVic; No. 1 hardshell. 12c:
No. 2. 10c; Almonds. 10®17c for Nonpareils,
14@14^5c for I X L. 13©14c for Ne Plus Ultra
and lie for Languedoc; Peanuts. (j@7o for
Eastern; Pecans. ll<fri."!r: Coccanuts. $4 30®5;
Chestnuts, 6®12«c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. lJ*4@l.'c for white and 10$
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5U@
Uc: light amber 'extracted. 6<3>5%c; dark. 3Q
4%c
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— To-day's atate.
rr.er.t of the treasury balance* shows: Avail
able cash balances $144,570,538, gold $C0,lti2,
968.
Business was slack all around yesterday and
the only .important fluctuation was In Alaska
Packers, which opened at $101 and fell back |
to $100, where it closed. Onomea Sugar was
higher at $30. Mining ftocks were not very
active and ahowed a slight net decline on the
day. The oil stocks continued featureless.
The. Bonanza OU Company has levied an as
sessment of Uc per share, delinquent Decem
ber 10; Fremont Consolidated Mining Company,
one of 25c. November 30; South Eureka Mining
Company, one of 2c. November 19. !
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 25.4C1 shares, valued at $13,772. the lead- 1
ing sales being as follows: Claremont. 25CO I
shares; Home. 2700; Independence 13,000: Oil !
City Petroleum. oOOO; 'Wolverine. 27C0; !
Apollo. 5C0. 1
The Pacific Coast Borax Company paid a '
regular monthly dividend of $1 per share, |
amounting to $19,C0O. yesterday.
The Bank of Montreal has declared a regular i
semi-annual dividend of 5 per cent on the i
capital stock.
The Pacific States Telephone and Telegraph
Company is about to Issue 10.000 shares addi
tional stock, which will Increase the number i
of shares outstanding to 13tt,768 shares. Stock- !
holders of record will be given the privilege
to buy the new stock at par at the rate of one ;
share for each thirteen chares of old stock.
The yield of the Consolidated California and
Virginia mine last week consisted of 3O mining
carloads of ore. assaying $60 27 per ton, and
67 carloads, assaying S28 63.
Notice has been given In New Jersey by ad
vertisement of the reduction .of the capital
stock of the Pacific Selling Company from
$l,CoO.0tO to $100,000 by the reduction of the
number of shares from 10,000 to 1000 of a par
value . of $100 each.
The' Pacific Selling Company was formed by
interests connected with the Pacific Packing
and Navigation Company to act as the selling
agent of the latter corporation, as the Pacific
Packing and Navigation Company's property la
to be sold at auction on November 12.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Oct. 29—12 m.
UNITED STATE3 BONDS. - -
Bid. Ask.j Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.-lGfiSlOtUj 4s qr cp nsw. — 132 i' t
4a qr reg...l06*it00%'3s qr coup.. .105 105%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 5s. — — lOak T Co 6s.l20 120?i
! Asso OU 5s. 70 — Do 611 112H —
! Bay CPC 5».101%lC2 Do con 5s.lO«5ilO5
Cal C O 5s.lO2% — Oceanic S 6s. 80 80
, Cal G & E g Om Cable 6s.l20Vt —
; m & ct 8s. 80«i — Pae G Ira 4s. — 07
I Cal-st C 5s.ll4% — P E Ry 5»..104%105
[ C C Wat 5a- — 93%! p & C H 6s.lO4 —
! EdL & P 6S.125 — IP & O R 6s.ll4%115
: F & C H 6s. — — JFoweM-st «s. — —
' Gcary-st 5s.. 60 — iSac EGAR3s.lO2% —
! H C4S 5%s.lO5 — SF & SJV5s.llS% —
I Do 6s 00*4 — Sierra R 6s. — —
j Hon R T ea.107% — S P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. — 103U (1909) lCS?i —
I L A Ry 5s.. 115% — (1910) 109% —
LALCo6a— — SPofC6s
Do Ktd 63. — — (190R)S r A. 101 101%
Do gtd 5s.ini 103% (lOO3)Sr B. — — ¦
LAP lem 5S.102 — (1906) 104H —
Mkt-st C fis.ll« _ (1912) 11394 —
Do lem Cs.116%117 ISPC 1 en 8s.ll7% —
' MVA MtTRrf.-— 110 t Do stampd. — _
I NRR of C6s.lO6% — 1 8 P B R 6«.134%133%
I Do 5s 11« — |S V Wat 6s.lO4«{ —
N P C R 5s.l0C%107%l Do 4s 2dm.l0t 101U
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s .1dm. 99»i —
N C P C 5«. OS 100 Dor mU4s 09% —
i N S R R "is. 101*; — Ptkn G&ESs. 93 —
! OG LAH 3n.lC.ViU0 | V G & E Ss.102% —
• O W gtd 5s. — 10<> iUR of SF 4s. 83% —
! WATER STOCKS.
I Contra Costa — 33 I Port Costa... — — '
! Marln Co...— 60 JS V Wat Co. S9 39H
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% StflS F G & E. 57?4 M ; i
1 Mutual E L. 10 11 IStkn Q.& VI. — 5%
Pac L Co... 59% — IU G A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrern's Fnd.310 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l2fi 130 L P ft A. ...150 —
Anglo- Cal ..85 — Mer Trust.... — 233
' Bank of Cal.123% — Merch Ex.... 60 —
i Cal Safe Dp. — 130 I S F National — —
1 First Natlonl — — I
I SAVINGS BANKS.
I Ger S & L.2330 — Say & L So.. — 100 .
! Hum S&L.— — Sec Sar Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — IOO Union T Co.. — —
• S F Sav U.615 —
I STREET RAILROADS. ¦ .
! California ..19S»ilOO [Preaidio 33 40
Geary — 40 I
POWDER.
Giant .. 63 C3%IVIgorlt — '¦'', 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. B4U 66 IMakaweli C. — 28U
Honokaa S C 14H l»HIOnomea S C. 30 -31
Hutch 3 P C 9U 10 JPaauhau 3 C. 15 18J4
KUauea S C. 2% * I
MISCELLANEOUS.
1 Alaska P A.10O . — Oceanic a Co, 3% 3\
Cal F C A.WHi — Pae Aux FA. 4% —
: Cal "Wine . 77 — Pac C Borx.136 137%
MVi MtTm. — .-105 Pac S Tel Co. — 112
: . ¦ SALES.
* Morning I S esslon.
Board—
75 AUfka Packers* Assn 101,00
5 Alaska Packers" Assn ..100 75 -
• 23 Alaska Packers' Assn ICO 30
80 Alaska. Packers* A3sn 100 25
50 Ala*ka Packers' Assn 100 CO
10 Giant Powder Con C3 50
100 Honokaa S Co 14 87«.4
5 Paauhau 8 P Ca :;... 15 CO
0 S F Oas & Electric .......... 67 75
10 8 F Gas & Electric, cash.... 57 75
$6,000 U.R R of S F 4 per cent S3 37U
Street — • ¦
• IOO Onomea. Sugar Co 30 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. -
Bay CPC. os. — 103 (SF & NP 5s. 112 t!
B L Wat'6s. — 114%!3 P C R 4s. 08 J03
Cnl NW 6s..U3% — S P Co 4%s.lOHilW
M C Wat Bii.100 " — ISun Tel Cs..ll2% Jl
Rls I Wks5« — 103 I Do Cs - . ;. .1032 —
SF Drdk 58.112 — ISuttr-st R5« 1C4
. MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 25 Lon& SF Bk, "— W
Amtr Bis Co — ".« 00 Mat Nav Co. 60' " —
' Cal Cot Mill 80 — Nev Nat Bk.COO —
Cal G&ECor. 43 CO N S R It Co. OU —
NEW YORK. Oct. 29. — Total imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at the sort of
New York for the week ending to-day was
valued at $13.40».232. s
Exports of RDecle from New York for the
week were $3,I!yti.039 gold and $1S8,O33 eilver.
Imports of suede at New York during the
week were $43,001 rllver and $40,548 sold.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28. — All metal markets
continue*- with a good business at full prices.
Iron nrt"<« were firm at unchanged quota
tions and the outlook is reported very en
couraging. Trad* In copper was moderate,
with lake quoted at $13 60©13 B2U; electro
lytic *13 S7V4S13 60. and casting, $13 12%®
13 25.
Tin, $23 75S-29 12%.
Lead. $4 20$»4 85.
Spelter. $.5 35g?5 40.
Xew York Metal Btarket.
Exchange rind Bullion.
Silver recovered Vic.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — ft 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight ..; — 4 87% !
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 8S>i
New York Exchange, sight — 07 Va i
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10 j
Silver.' per ounce — 68!i
Mexican Dollars 45% Q 4t> j
INTERNATIONAL. i
New York on Parts \^\ 5.15% !
New, Tiork on Mexico;-.-. ...216%
Paris on London ...»........^.>,.- 25,11
Berlin on London .. .~. .". . . .20.35
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were lower, but
Paris future* were higher. Chicago. waa l%o
lower.
In this market futures were lower, following
Chicago. The cash grain was quiet and easy
at previous prices.
•. CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4."W1 52%: California
White Australian. #1 C.Vtfl K2%: Northern
Club. $1 43Q1 52%; Northern ltlui-stem, $1>CO
©1 «2% p«r ctl.
FUTURES. .
Eetiilon 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 <U*t ?1 »«?* $1 44U *1 44%
May 140% 140% 145% 145%
BARLKY — Futures were firm, with sellers
not disposed to meat buyer*, and the market ¦
waa quiet. Two thousand sacks of choice j
bright Feed brought $1 12%. Regarding the .
rumored Japanese business. It wag said that '
Japan had asked for quotations here, but that '
no response had yet been received from Japan. \
Dealers are not paying much attention to the
matter, for they *ay that there la an English
'shipping demand, 'and If Japun does not taki
! our surplus Barley England will, so it will*
, be sold anyhow, and it makes no difference to
whom.
CASH BARLEY. I
Feed $1 02%@l 12%; Brewing and Ship
ping. 51 15@l 17%; Chevalier, $1 17%@1 22%
per ctl.
FUTURES.
Serclon 9 to 11:30 a. m.
• Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 Ul> ?1 C9',4 $1 CO SI 09 Vi
j Majr 1 CJ , 1 09 1 0« - 1 09
OATS — There Is nothing new in the market.
I Offerings are ample for all present needs and
COntiat almost wholly of Red and Black. Prices
i are as before, except- that Black are slightly
! easier under Increased offerings.
( White. $1 40®l BOVi: Surprise, '. nominal;
¦ Red for feed, $1 32%@1 45 tor No. 1 and-.
, $1 22%®1 30 ¦ for No. 2; extra fin* for seed.
' $1 42%@1 50: Black. $1 S0@l 33 for feed and
I $1 45<?1 60 for seed.
CORN— The market continues firm at the
1 recent advance.
Western sacked. $1 45@1 BO for Yellow $t 45
! 01 B0 for White and $1 45 for Mixed; Callfor- I
1 nla large Yellow $1 4501 50; small round I
do. $1 6501 62%; White, nominal: Egyntlan
U 25@l 45 for White and 81 2001 30 for
Brown. ¦ :
RYE-^1 37%@1 42% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
Flour nnd MHlstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 809
6 10, usual terma; Bakers' Extras,- §4 70@S;
I Oregon and Washington, jobbing at J1JM 00
I per bbl. %
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour,' |2 75 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal, $2 76: Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. 1 |2 50; extra cream do $3 00;
Oat Meal, $3 75: .Oat Groats, $4; Hominy.
$3 60®3 JSB; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
I Wheat, *3 60; Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
'¦ Flour $3 60; Rolled Oats, bbls |S 73@7 £0; la
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 SO; Green Peas. $6 60 per. 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Choice Hay to 'on > the verge of a decline. If
not actually lower, as the railroads are bring
ing it in. more freely owing to the better sup
ply of cars. It Is now not as steady as the
medium grades/thus reversing recent condi
tions. Some gilt-edged Wheat eold yesterday
at |i5.^sK*^taaBBatfTCfiini'^a^^atBajsiB4
Bran continues weak, but there is no further
decline. • . .
BRAN— $18 60010 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— f 24 50@27 60 per ton.
SHORTS — $18 50010 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21 50® 24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 60032 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, $23^*24; Cocoa
nut Meal. $24®25: Corn Meal. $30 50-33150;
Crocked Corn, $31©32; 'Mixed Feed. $22©
22 50;- Horse Beans. $30@4O per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 80c per ctl. • ¦ ,
HAY— Wheat.. $1O@15 50; Wheat and Oat.
$10014 00; Oat, $0<313; • Barley and Oat. $8
012; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7010: stable. $9
011: stock. $5 00®7; Clover. $7$10; Alfalfa.
$£•312 per ton. • ¦ • •
STRAW— 35QC5c per bale..
Beans and Seed".
Receipts of Beans for the week were 04,539
eacks. and by far the larger portion consisted
of weather-damaged stock. Dealers do not.ex
pect, trade to revive until this damp stock has
been worked off, and while it Is < on the : mar
ket' it ' keeps '. the ! latter ' unsettled' and In bad
shape/ Lima* ar« reported quieter and easier,
with ' buyers ' holding = off, though ho material
decline la noted. ;•¦--.¦
BEANS— Bayos. $2 75G-: Pea, *1 10fJ3 2?:
Butters. $2 75®3; small White, ; $3 15@3 35:
large - White. $2 40@2 05;" Pink, $2 75@8 i'5
, for dry;" Red. $4 23(34 50; Lima, $4 155Ji 25;
lied Kidneys. $4 60®4 75 : ; BlacUeyes. $2 CO&»
¦ 2 7O'»er. ctl: : Horse Beans. ¦'" $1 85«J2 40. ¦ • . , : -
- SEEDS — Brown Mustard.?* 7505;: Yellow
Mu6tard/'$3 25;- Flax. -S2®2 75;- Canary. i«%
t 07c; Alfalfa, ; 15%@18%c: Rape, 1%«2%c;
1 Timothy.-. e'SicjHemp, 3%®3%c per lb;;Mlllet. ;
».-2%®3%c: Broom Corn Seed, $20®21 per tion.
LOCAL MAUKETS.
Trade In fresh fruits was moderately actlv*
on local account, but the market for deciduous
fruits w'as generally weak, as supplies . of
most kinds were more than sufficient. Figs and
good eating Pears were rather scarce and firm,
while Persimmons. Pomegranates and Quinces
dragged at unsteady prices. Conditions apd
prices in tho Apple market were unchanged
and ordinary offerings were piled high in the
stores. Two cars of Oregon Apples were mar.
ketrd and four carloads were reported due from
Colorado on Monday. Table Grapes were In
freo supply and weaker, as the 'cool.' cloudy
weather checked the local demand. ' and there
was nothing doing in the shipping line. A few
lots of Wine Grapes were received and were
offering at $23 per ton, but no sales were re
ported. Berries were in good request at steady
prices. Melons are dropped from tho Hat, a*
there are very few offering and there' is no
more demand for them.
Citrus fruits were reported steady, par
ticularly for fancy Lemons, which were scarce.
Some new crop' geedllng Oranges arrived from
Oroville and were offered at 52 00 per box. but
found no buyers. Ten boxen-. of new Tan
gerines came In from the same section and
sales were reported at $1 50 per 20"lb box.
STRAWBERRIES— IS312 per. chest for
LongworthH. $1 ZG®3 10 for Mallndas and $3®5
for Cheneys.
RASPBERRIES— $4#0 per cheat.
fHUCKLEEERPJES — C@7c per lb.
CRANBERRIES«-?2®2 7& per box for Coos
Bay and $7 0O1&S 50 fo r Capa Cod.
APPLES— $1«1 25 for fancy, 65@90o for
choice and 30$ii0c for common.
PEARS— Winter. Nellls. |1#1 25 per box:
cooking varieties 40@75c per box.
PERSIMMONS — 5Oc@$l per box.
POMEGRANATES — luGtiOo for small and
fl©l 75 for larg« boxed.
QUINCES— 20©40c per box.
FIGS — 50c@$l 25 per box.
GRAPES— Tabla varieties. 40@65c for
crates. 25035c for small boxes and 50c@$l £5
for open boxes, with some fancy higher.
CITRUS FRUITS— Omnces. $3 S0@4 per
box for Valenclas and $303 50 for Navel j;
Lemon?. 52 50@3 for fancy. $1 0O©2 25 for
choice and *101 00 for standards; Grape Fruit.
$2 ."Of? 3; Mexican Limes, $494 60 per case;
Bananas. $2®3 per bunch for Central American
and tiff 2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 &0<Q3
per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 29. — Wheat, unchanged;
bluestem, 89>£c; club, *>5^c. -c* : i
PORTLAND, Oct. 20. — Wheat for export —
Walla Walla, £3c; bluestem, 86c: valley, 86®
87c. For Eastern markets— Walla Walla,
84e; bluestem, S7c. • •
Xortvrrn Wheat Market.
OREGON.
T|ie Week Closes Quietly on All the
Exchanges. ."- * *
3c I. o. b. l'»H!, and «>v«-n as high as 3Ue
basis ie demanJed by tome hcldtrs. Forties are
Quoted en the haf!» ot 2«j-'^ic f. o. b. for the
four ttmm, :n liajt^, and :•¦> at lSflHc basis,
according to f*llf-r. Fcr^s to («<* the f. o. b.
l-..t..- price now generally qur~>ed is lVjc.
though some Lrck'-rs are ready tu- submit bids
of l\r, and of even lers on th« j»lze» net
tnjch in lavor, feeling ccnfMent that they
wljl l>e conflrroed. P«-achfs are hard to ob
tain on the coa»t, while Fpot supplies are
comparatively umall and held tirmly. The de
mand Is good, though en the hand-to-mouth
order. The coast situation In Apricots is like
wise Btrottg, but this market does not respond
for- the reason that th^re if, ae ususl at this
time of year, little demand for thi6 fruit from
local consumers. The market for California
Rateine it very strong, all reports from the
coast Indicating a Ehort supply this season of
Ktx>d goods brcaune of the rain damage to the
crop. Stocks here are light and raieinc bought
for early th'pm«at ere coming forward very
clowly. The consuming demand Is steadily
Increasing, and in come Quarters higher prices
fcre looked for. At present there are no of
ferings of old crop fancy seeded frcm the coa? t,
and lor the new crop cf fancy those who offer
want li^jc f. o. b. New crop loom for prompt
shipment f. o. b California is offered at 2->«c
for two-crowns and 34c for three-crowns. A
better demand for Malaga layers, clusters and
loose is reported, and the tone of the market
is firmer, stocks he-re not being very large,
Currants are easy, though there is reported
to t>e a fair movement of goods Into con-
RimpUon. Perfian £>at<-s «r* In demand. The
Saire In th* first direct cargo, which is ex
pected to arrive *arly next we?k, are reported
all fold, and the Khadrawees are closely
cleaned up. The Fig market Is etill suHerlng
from the effects of unfavorable weather, but
the outlook Is promising for an active demand
and higher prices later."
Dried Fruit In Xcw York.
Mail advicea from New York say:
"The week ended with a much better tone In
the Prune maiket than has been displayed
for a long time past. The Improvement in 'J^e
«; -l market is b&?cd mainly upon a dema.sd
created ty the slow delivery of goods bought
for shipment from the ccan Jobbers, who are
not getting guprliet from this source as fast
as they need them, being obliged to come Into
the spot market to idece out their stocks.
While this demand 19 not -large it i« made
ai>j*rent by the ecarcity of available epot
rtock, more especially of the sizes to which
the bulk of consumption ]« running at pres
ent. Thr&e are 4C6-5&?, Sfts-eue and 9Ce-100s.
Whllo the fpet market in firm, buyers are not
paying a rremium for these scarce alzes. The
tame jIzps are in limited supply on the coast,
t:..J for prempt shipment are commanding a
premium on the price of Intermediate sizes,
while the latter, a* itatfd in the epecial dis
patch published in these column; on Saturday,
ere KtmngtT. Thirtiei* are very scarce on the
cojitt, and ¦whf-re found «r* held on a 2*!i®
STOCK MARKET.
C Jockey Cl. — 1124 N Cal P Co. 9^ —
Cal Powder. ISO 145 Oak Bk Sar.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I A T — 153 IOOB* Hall A «% —
Cen Bk Oak; — 75 Orpheum Co. — 13$i
Chutes Co .. — • PacC Cas Cc*135 —
City & C Bk — 120 iPao Sur Co. 105 — .
Cyp L Imp.. — atf'ParaT Paint.. 3J> —
East Dynm.. — 375 3 V Drydock — «5 .
DptPwd Pfd — 88 SF&SJ Coal. 17U »
Do com .. 40 — 6 J Wat C0.IO8H —
FN Blc. Oak.120 — SO & MTRbt.125 — .
Fischer Thtr 53a 1 Swlas-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.107 115 I Truck Elect.. 11 H — •
Gaa Con A.. 13% 13%|UR InC pfd. CO tttf
Hono P Co.. — 27 I Do com ... 12% — l
California Stock and Oil Exchange. .
Oil stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 40 41
Associated Trust Cm 24 25 .
Axtec «> ."-
Chicago Crud« 10 ....
Claremont 80 *2*~i
Fo«r •? .
Home -.. 85 ....
Independence SO «...
, Junction 1» 15 ;
; Monarch of Arizona 33 4t
Monte Cristo C5 70
Occidental of W Va 03 0*
Oil City Petroleum 67 B8
Reed Crude 180 ....
S F & McKittrlck * CO
Senator 70 SO
Sovereign 30 33
Sterling 2 00 2 5O ¦
Twenty-eight » 50 10 5O
Went Shore 2 22
Miscellaneous-
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 81 «*
SALES.
ilorntnsr Session.
Board—
2550 Junction }•»
200 Junction ¦'
SCO Home ._. »
Seining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANOB.
Following were the sale* on the* San Fraa
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocka.
100 Alpha 171 100 Mexican 1 SO
2«00 Andes 23| 400 Mexican 135
1100 Andes 28| 300 Ophir 2 «0
600 Chollar 201 200 Ophir J 65
170O Con Cal * V.I 00! 10O Savage 23'
SCO Con Cal * V.I S61180O Savage 2"J
I 200 Crown Point.. 11! 6C0 St. Louis .... 10
100 Gould A Cur. IS 1 800 Sierra Ner S-T
200 Gould & Cur. 17i 700 Union Cod.... 45
200 Hale & Norc. 7lf 700 Union Con.... •»
CLOS1NO QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 1« 17!Julla ©7 (O
Xl?,, 04 O8!Justlc» 03 0*
Andes 25 2«;Kentuck 03 C5
I Belcher 2* 20JLady Wash .. C2 C5
I Best & Belch.l 10 1 201 Mexican 1 20 1 25
' Bullion 20 21 i Occidental ... 74 T«
! Caledonia. .... 40 431 Ophir 2 4O 2 45
I Challeng* ... 20 22! Overman 15 1(1
! Chollar 19 20|Potoat 13 l.V
I Confidence ... 85 90; Scorpion w C7
Con Cal & V.I 75 1 80 Savare 23 2:)
iCon Imperial. 01 02iSeg Belchtr... C* «>
Con N Y 0.1 f 5 Sierra Nev SI 32
! Crown Point.. «» 10! Silver Hill 63 M
; E. Sierra Nev 03 W;St. Louia .... 09 10
Eureka. Con.. — 50' Syndicate- .... 03 0.1
Exchequer ... 45 49| Union Con.... 41 42
Oould A Cur. 16 17!Utah 09 H>
Hale & Norc. 70 71 1 Yellow Jacket. 2O 23
TONOPAH AND QOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Mornlne; Session.
1000 ITacNamara . 28! 200 Ton N Star... 10
100 Mont Ton ...1 901 400 Ton Ohio .... 30
CLOSING QUOTATI0N3.
Tonopah.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Ton of N«v.. — 0 75! Rescue 10 12
j Mont Ton ...1 85 1 05IUy & O'Brien — CS
! Ton Ext en ».l 80 — ! Paymaster ... C2 05
I MacNamara . 27 2» ! Little Ton ..20 —
! Ton Midway.. 37 40|E«p«ranza .... M 02
I Ton Belmont.. 70 72' Gold Anchor.. 20 —
1 Ton N Star... 18 lOiQulncy 11 —
. West End ... — 18;N Y Ton .... — 10
I Ton Gold Mt. 18 201
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm ... 1* 24! Goldfleld M&fc. — 20
Red Top .... 13 13!Jumbo 62 63
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on tb« San B*ran
ctsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Adams <W «CO MacNaraara .. 25
10CO Adams 1« 200 Mont Ton.. I 82*,
10O Goldfleld Mln 531 600 N Y Ton .... 10
2200 Goldfleld Mln 54! 4C0 Ton Belmont.. 71
4f>O Goldfleld Mln 65! 20O Ton Midway. . 37
600 Jumbo Ex .. 17! 1000 Ton Midway.. 3*
400 Jumbo 52t 10OO Vernal Mln .. 10
C90O MacNamara . 26! 600 Vernal Mln ... 11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.A»k.f BM.Ask.
Adams 00 10I.NT Y T Mln....— 03
Black Ants .. — 10-N Y T Con JI CO 11
Black Butt e. . 17 — 1 Paymaster .., 03 03.
Blue Bull M. — 2S!Quincy U —
Booth M Co. 10 — iRay Exten .. — . t.H
I'aperanza ... — 01 ! Ray & O'Brien — IO
Goldfleld B Bl — 22' Ray Ton .... — H
Goldfleld B&B — 14 Red Top 13 14
Goldfleld Dmd — SO'Rescue ....... — H
Gldfleld Ot B - 2O'Rothw«ll G M. 03 —
Goldfleld Mln 84 63 Sandstorm ... 20 —
Goldfleld Mhlt — 23*Ton Belmont.. 70 72
Gldfld Red L 05 06' Ton A Cal'.. — 20
Goldfleld 8Pk. — lSITon Extea ..1 80 —
Goldfleld Ton. — 11 1 Ton * Ot W. — CO
Gold Mt Con. — 02 ! Ton GoM Mt. 17 1*
Haiel Kirk .. — 12: Ton Midway.. s« 37
Jumbo 61 — !Ton of Nev.. — 9 50
Jumbo Ex .. 1« — jTon N Star... 17 w
Little Ton .. 25 — lUtopia 10 —
Lucky Tom.. — 10! Vernal Mln ..00 IS
MacNamara . 25 26[Weat End .... — 13
Mont Ton ...1 9O — I
SEATTLE, Oct. 29.— Clearings $756,150; bal
ance* J186.736. _
TACOMA. Oct. 20.— Clearings $43S,2io, bal-
PORTLAND, Oct. 29.— Clearinss 5665,533,
balance ?165,22S. .„ . _ - ,. ,
SPOKANE, Oct. 29.— Clearings $3C6,.47, bal
ances $130,715. (
Northern Business.
ST LOUIS. Oct. 29. — Wool, steady. Medium
grades, combing and clothlnc, 20@2Gc; light
fine, 17@lSc; heavy fine. 18@17c; tub washed.
22®36c.
St. Ixmis Wool Market.
Flour, qr sks. ..10,(57S|Feed aks 333
Wheat, ctls ....4S.€0C| Tallow, ctls .... 212
Barley ctls ....«4.?OH,Leather rolls ... 75
Oats, ctls 12S: Hide*. No 580
Beans, sks 9.0f2- Pelts No 60
Potatoes, sks ... 4,004! Lime", bbls 273
Middlings, sks .. 20n: Paper, reams 635
Hay. tona ...... «16WIne. gals 43.600
Wool, bales 1301 Chicory, bbls ... 40
Cornmea! (East- I Raisins bxs .... 3.000
ern). ctla 4R5I Quicksilver, risks. 200
Shorts, sks 200 '
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. OCTOBER 20.
ETOCKS— Continued heavy buying to-day cf
high-grade investment Flocks carried the whole
market before It. Settlement of complication
between Russia and England practically left
the atmofr-hfre clear for inside Interests to
Co ahead and purchase certain stocks which
will eventually be taktn Into the larger cor
porations. This feeling is the irreatest stimu
lant the market had to-day. The expectations
of extra <!ividenJa in the future from a number
of our preat railway systems ia causing pur
chases l>y investment lnstitutlona of large
blocks of best railroad stocks, which is leav
ing the market quite bare of many Uiues.
The industrial outlook could not be better with
the polltlcstl situation settled and the continu
ance cf the present administration assure! for
tour years.
The New Ycrk wires of E. F. Hutton & Co.
yesterday said:
Tone of Wall Street.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — -Dee. March. May.
Opening 7 4Vi 7 S% 7 5}i
Closing 7 4>* 7 53S 7 5"i,
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Openln? 23 35 2i 55
Closing 23 60 24 80
Flours-
Opening 30 00 32 10
Closing 30 00 32 35 ,
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market
seems to be a little easier in tone, owing to
freer offerings. Common, 4@4Hc; prime, 4%<g>
5c; choice. 5H©5^c; fancy, 6®7c.
PRUNES— Are in better demand for near-by
shipments, but the spot market shows no alter
ation. Quotations range from 2o to 5^c.
APRICOTS— Quiet, but steady. Choice. 0V4#
10c: extra choice. lOHS-lOHc; fancy, ll@15c.
PEACHES — Unchanged. Choice. 8 lie; extra
choice 9%c; fancy. 9?4Q>10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
PETROLEUM— Quiet. (^
SUGAR — Raw. steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal. 00 test, 4V»c; molasses sugar, 3^o.
Refined, firm: No. «3. 4.65c; No. 7, 4.60c; No. 8,
4.50c: No. 9 4.45c; No. 10. 4.40c; No. 11, 4.30c;
No. 12, 4.1'5c; No. 13, 4.20c; No. 14. 4.20c;
confectioners' A, 4.90c; mold A, 4.90c; cut
loaf, 5.75c; crushed, 5.75c; powdered, 5.15c;
granulated, 6.C5c; cubes, 6.30c.
COFFEE — Futures closed steady at un
changed prices to an advance of 5 points,
gales were rejx>rted of 17,750 bags. Including:
November, 6.«5c; December, 6.S0^«.S5<:; Janu
ary. «.«0c: March, 7.05®7.10c; May. 7.25®7.30c;
September, 7.55Q7.tiOe. Spot Rio, steady; No.
7 Invitee, 8.38c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 10® 13c.
BUTTER — Market strong; receipts, 2725
pounds. Street price, extra creamery 22'^c:
official price, creamery, common to extra, 14®
22V*c; do held extras, 21o; State dairy, common
to extra, 14@21c; Western factory, common to
choic-. 12&15C ,.,«.,..
CHEESE — Firm, unchanged: receipts, 1814
pounds; weekly exports. 3027 boxes.
EGGS — Quiet, unchanged; receipts, 4104
cases.
HOPS — Firm. State, common to choice,
19O4. 31®41c; 1903. 21®36c: old, 14@lSe. Pa
cific Coast, 1004. 30^3Sc; 1003. 30<&34c; olds,
1 lSj-lSt. . ,
HIDES — Steady.* California, 21@25 pounds,
l&c.
WOOL— Firm. Domestic fleece, 22®35c.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— FLOUR— Receipts.
27,200 barrels ; exports, 7000 barrels; sales,
2C00 packages; market inactive at unchanged
prices. Minnesota patents, $6 20®6 50; Minne
sota bakers, $4 CCH5; winter patents, $5 60@6;
winter straights, $5 40@5 60; winter extras,
$3 6C<§4 25; winter low grades, $3 40@4 05.
>'HEAT — Receipts, none; sales, 2,300,000
bushels, futures. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, $1 20*i
f ;o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 26»,i
f."o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, $1 65
f. o. b. afloat. Further weakness developed
in wheat to-day from the effects of liquidation
Impelled by more peaceful foreign news, weak
Liverpool cables, bearish outside markets and
ehort selling of May. The cloee was weak at
%iilc net decline. Sales Included: No. 2 red,
May, SI 12 7-1&S1 13, closed $1 12 0-16; De
cember. $1 17 7-lti@l 17;*, closed $1 17 9-16.
New York Grain and Produce.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 24325c
for extras and 'MfyZ'Sc for lower to medium
ciades; dairy, 176-0c; cold storage, 2o®23c;
storo Butter. 14@ltic: Eastern cubes. 18GKifte;
Eastern ladle-packed. lSfliec.
CHEESE — ll!4@124c-ior choice mild new
and 9fcl0c for old; cold storage. 10%@llc;
Young Americas. 11%©12c: Eastern. 1O©15-
PC EGGS— Ranch. 42@43c for large white se
lected, 39841c for good to choice and 86@3So
for common; cold storage. 25$|30c; store,
nominal; Eastern, 25® 27c for choice. 22324e
tor dandards and .10621c for seconds.
Prices for everything remained unchanged
yesterday, though one butter house sent out
cards oflerlns its best creameries at 23c. The
week closed with an excessive surplus to be
carried over. There is a feeling among the
trade that ' there is no use in offering tho
goods any lower, on the ground that it would
not rtsult in any . more Butter being' sold.
Still, a warm rain might cause an abandon
ment of this argument. At' any rate, the
market Is choked with ' fresh Butter, for
which there Is at present a very limited outlet
and a poor demand.
Butter and ChecHe remain ns before quoted,
both being quiet. Stocks of fine ranch Eggs
continue cleaned up, and receipts yesterday
were unusually light.
Receipts were 35,700 lbs Butter. 479 cases
Eggs and 2-1UO lba Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Local bank clearings for the week Juet
«n«ed were $31,846,015, against $31,«49,574 for
the eorreepondlr-g week in 1908, showing an
Increase of (296.441. The clearings during the
ume week in 15*02 wore $29,8S9,1O9. •
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Oct. 29. — Cotton futures opened
steady; October. 0.50c; November, 9.45c: De
cember, 9.G5c; January, 9.76c; February. 9.79c;
March, 8 S4c; April, 9.8Sc; May, 9.94o; June.
9.05c; JiJy, 9.9Sc. Closed steady; October,
*J.54c; November, 9.53c; December, 9.71c;
January. 9.S0c; February. 9.65c; March, 9.90c;
April, 0.03c; May, 0.9So; June, 10c; July,
10.03c 4.Y.- . (Oi
Xcw York Cotton Market.
Loans $1,142,288,000, increase $4,356,200: de
posits $1,204,434,200. increase $4,637,500; cir
culation $i:;.24S.OQ0, increase $25S.1OO; legal
tenders $70,542,20^ increase $1,934,400; specie
f2."S.3(:0,20O, increase $l.S55,300; reserve $317,
002.2C0, Increase $99,100; reserve required
$301,108,550, Increase $1,159,375; surplus $16,
793,650. decrease $1,060,275; ex-United States
deposits $22,633,075. decrease $1,050,500.
NEW YORK. Oct. 29.— The statement of
averages of the clearlng-houso banks of thla
clty for the week shows:
Kew York Clenring-House.
. Trade In Poultry was very quiet and. the
market closed weak, with several coops of do
mestic . an i a portion of the car of Western
stock that cams In on Friday still unsold.
Prices, stood as. previously quoted, as there
was not enough business to warrant any
change.
Game was in light receipt and cleaned up
quickly at unchanged rates.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old. 14018c per
lb for Gobblers and 15@17c for Hens; young
Turkeys. 2(J@i'3c per lb; Geese, per pair, $1 50
<U2; Gosling*. $:.'{/-' 25; Ducks. $4 5005 per
uozen tor old and $5@t> for young; Hens,
$4 503 .V for small and $5 50@U for large; young
Roosters. $5 50@U; old Koosiers. $4 6005; Fry.
ers, $4 50@5; Broilers. $2 50<&3 50; Pigeons,
$1 25 per dozen for old and ?2?j- 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $3©7 per dozen;
Canvasback. $J@8;,Teal, $3@3 50; Snrig,$3@
4 50; Widgeon. 52 50@3; Red Heads, $3&4 50;
small Ducks, $2; Gray Geese. $4 50; White
Geese, $1 60@2; Brant. $1 50@2 50; Honkers.
$a@'5; Snipe. S3 for English and $1 50 for com.
mon; Doves, *lfrl 25; Hare. ?1 75©2; Rabbits,
$2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 0.25c:
Powdered. C.lOc; Candy Granulated, 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 0c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c: Fruit Granulated. Uc: Beet Granulated
UCO-lb bags only). 5.00c; Confectioners' A, 0c;
Magnolia A, 5.60o; Extra C. 5.60o; Golden C,
5.40c; "D." 5.30c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more: 50-Ib bags
ICe more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels)
«.50c; boxes. 6.75c: H. & E. Crystal Domlnos.
Sc per lb. No orders taken for less than
eeventy-nve barrels or IU equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, T%O
7%c per lb; White Lead. 714©794c according
to quantity.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
18c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19V-c; Astral. 19Hc;
Etar, 19Hc: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 26c: Eo
cene 23c; Deodorized Stove GasoMne In bulk,
16c; In cases. 22^e: Benzine, in bulk. 13c: In
cases. 10^.c: So-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 25c;
in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cuts and
75c in Crums and Iron barrels.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 53c per gallon for boiled and
51a for raw; Castor Oil. tn cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10® 1 12; LucoU 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut cases.
65080c r«r gallon: Cocoanut Oil. <n barrels.
58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm OU. 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm OU. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil 57c; natural Whale OU, S2c; extra winter
ctrained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil,
40c; Salmon OU. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint OH. 32c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
BAGS — Grain Bags. *5C5 25: San Quentln.
$4 50; Wool Bass. 3C©32c: Fleece Twine. 7V6c:
Fruit Bags. 6H87&C for whlt« and To for
brown Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wei
lington. $8: Seattle. l« 50; Bryant. <8 50;
Beaver Hill. $3 GO: Roslyn. $7: Cooa Bay.
$5 50; Richmond, 97 50: Cumberland. S13 ta
bulk and 914 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania, An
thracite Epp. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump $11 50: Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 50@13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 60 per short
ton.
General ilerchandlse.
Deciduous Fruits fairly active, but
plentiful and weak.
Citrus Fruits steady, with Lemons
scarce.
supply.
Potatoes weak and Onions firm at
previous quotations.
No further chance in Poultry and
Game.
Wall street stocks from one to two
points higher. Cotton advanced.
Local securities quiet and not materi
ally clumped.
Local bank clearings show a 6liffht in
crease over last year.
Silver v,c Wsher. Exchange about as
before. '
Wheat futures lower in sympathy
with Chicago.
Barley quiet, but firmly held.
Oats, Corn and Rye steadily held,
with little feature.
Choice lla y weakening under increas
ing receipts. Bran weak.
TJmq Brans quieter and weaker, and
other Beans inactive.
Butter market heavily overloaded.
Eggs and Clieese steady.
Car of Italian Chestnuts due Monday.
Dried Fruits, Xutis and RaLsins quiet.
Provisions Btill quiet in all positions.
Wool, Ho;>s and Hides unchanged.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs still in ample
Do acct 83 3-16 Nor & Western... 74%
Anaconda 6<4 Do pfd < 94
Atchison 89% Ont & Western... 47%
Do pfd 10i% Pennsylvania .... 70%
Bait & Ohio 97% Rand Mines 10T4
Can Pacific :134 Reading 38%
Ches & Ohio...... 45% Do 1st pfd..... 45
Chi Great West.. 25% Do 2d pfd 41
Chi, Mil & St P. 178 So Railway 86%
De Beers 17% Do pfd , 97J>
Uen & Uio G 32% So Paciflo 64%
Do pfd 85% Union Paciflo ....115 14
Erie 41% Do pfd ©7%
Do 1st pfd..... 73 U S Steel 21 %
Do 2d pfd 54% Do pfd 84%
111 Central 14<} Wabash 29
Louis & Nash... .140 Do pfd 45
M. K & Texas... 33
Bar silver— Steady 26%d per ounce.
Money— 2©2% per' cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills la 2»4 per cent and for three
months' bills 2%©3 per cent.
Cons money... $8 3-16] NY Central..... 188
London Closing Stocks.
0001C H, C & I 14HI UK l*%\ 1*%
700|Colo Southern... 23ii 22»« 22»» 21 (
2tAJ Do 1st pfd C5 65 65 53«4 *
OOOi Do 2d pfd 30% 30% 30«i 31
700|Consolldated Gas 218 216% 21b^*i217 *
800:Cont Tob Co pfd. Vi* 125 125V4|120 J
300:Corn Products ..I 17U 17 17 17% ,
Do ptd ....: 74 I 74W J
« S0O Del & Hudson... 1S6% 1S5 lS5la J
l.-SOOiD. L & W ]329 320 326 |329 J
ICOiD & K G 31% 31 82 ¦ J
1001 Do pfd 83 83K.I »*¦ ;
......|Des M A Ft D... M>t -UV4 i
, IDetrolt Un Ry 73% 75 '
300iDetrolt South-em 5 4*4 5 5U ,
1.00O1 Do pfd 8V* 8 »K s^»
IDiarcond Match 15S 1S8H
8,2C0iDlsUlUng Securi 34% S4%
I Do bond* 74 74»4 {
COOiDuluth S S &. A. 12^4 12'i 12% 12 ?s ]
300 Do pfd 21% 20% 20% 21 '
90,103 Erie 40% 40 40% 40%
2.S0O Do 1st pfd 73% 73 73>i 73%
2,200 Do 2d pfd 63*4 53 63% 53%
E&TH 58 00 s
Do pfd 75 63 1
General Chemical 48 63
Do pfd....: 9i t>8
400 General Electric. 177 176% 17<i»4il77
lot Northern pfd 102 |192% ,
12.3S0iGreen Cons Cop. 21% 20TJ 21% 21% ,
I Havana Tob Co..) 29 30
I Do pfd 1 39 41
300|Hocking Valley..! 83 62 S2 83 j ;
I Do pfd 1 89 **K\.
3.700|Illlnols Central.. |144>i 143»J 144U 144^, j .
1,200, Intern Paper.... | 1$\ 17Ti 18^i 1S*j. ,
..,:... Do pfd.. 77% 77 70 7C% !
llntem Pow«r C2 "3 ;
; Intern Pump 37 3S
• Do pfd 78 yi
300 Icwa, Central 2SVi 28 27 *i -'SU
20O1 Do pfd 40% | 49li 4» 49%
Kanawha A M..1 38 37
IKC. FS & M pfd 7» 79^1
700;k C Southern... 20% 29 29 29%
6O0! D-3 pld 61 00% 50 61%
200K«okuk & D M 58%> 59
iLaclede Gas pfd 97%|10O
iL E & W 32 I 35
! Do pfd.. 100 |1D5
!Lor,g Island 56 I 5<
6.70CjLouis & Nash... 136%|135 135'ill35%
a.400iManhattan 1639i 161% 163%!l«3}n
IManhat Beach 9%| 11
17.100;Metropolitan Sec. 84»i 82% 82*ii S3
19.000 Met St Ry 12«% lSZ\k 123*41124%
e.&OOiMexican Central. 19U 18»i 18*4 19
jMlnn & St L 59 61
Do 1st pfd 94 9S I
4,200,M. St P & S S M 95 93U 93 93%
1.20o| Do pfd 150 14S% 14S 143
4.S00IMO. Kan & Tex. 32% ¦'«'* 32% 32%
1.600 Do pfd 59 58% 58^ 59
15, 300' Missouri P»ciflc. 106% 104»» 1041i|105
|Na«h. C & St L 132 |134
{National Lead...)- 24«4 24%
Do pfd H 95 06%
100 Ntl RR Max pfd 41Vi 41%
National Biscuit. 49 49>i
....... Do pfd 112
l.OOONew Jersey Cen. 1S7 183 185 1S5%
N Y Atr Brake..! 136 136%
7,300 New York Cen.. 136% 134% 135*i 130
IN T. C & St L 35 37
Do Ut pfd 110 11«
Do 2d pfd 68 72
New Yoik Dock 14 *»>
N Y N H & H 192% liSj%
32,400 N Y. Ont & XV. 44% 42% 43. 43^
l,4i.«|Norfclk t West. . 72ts 72% 72% 72»i
60(>: Do pfd 03 93 92 »5
2t)0,North American. 95% 95 | 95% 9«%
6.500 Northern Sees... 118 117%I117H 117%
'Omaha |l4S- 150
Dl pfd 186 190
O S L 4» v 103% 104
3.200;Paciflc Coast 76% 74% 76%| 77
i Do 1st pfd 82 100 .
I D3 2d pfd 80% I 84
l.'.OOfPaclflc Mril 39*i S9V4 S9%i 39'i
32.300iPenn R R Co... 138 137 137?4|18S
12.100 People's Gas HO"* 100% 11D 110«»
Per« Marquette >>.. 75 80
Do pfd 73 74
P. C. C & St L 74 77
; Do rfd ? 101 1O4
1.600 Pressed Stee^-ar 82% 31% 31% 32
I Do p:d...i-.V 81% 82%
Pullman Car Co; T...216 21P; .
Ry Steel Springs 25H 24%l-25 2^!*'
2<«>| ¦ Do pfd 85H 85^4 '65 88%
SS,40<,> Reading: 75% 74% "75 75Vi
liio' Do 1st pfd.... 88 87% 88
20O| Do 2d pfd 80 80%
5OO.Repubhc S & I.. 12% 12 12 12%
400 Do pfd 64 52% 63% 53ft
[Rubber Goods 22% 23
Do pfd 84% SO
l,400jS!oss S S & I Co 49% 47% 49% 49%
600t Do pfd »6% 95% 96 O'Sft
iSt J & G 1 15% 17
2001 Do 1st pld.... S3 . 53 53 53U
Do 2d pfd 25% 27
JSL A SF 1st pfd| I 73 75
|.-Do2dpfd 62% 62 1 62 62%
MOClStL&SW 23 22% 22% 23%
2,5001 Do ptd 60% 60 60>i 50%
2i,SC0,Poiith«>rn Pacific. «2% 62% 62% G2* 4
ZCri Southern Ry 35% 34% 33% 35%
Do pfd 94% 95
(Standard Oil 647 630
'- 7,800,Ter.n Coal & I.. 69 . 57% 67% 57 T »
;.:-.. ...iT P LT Co 1% 2%
2.400 Texas Pacific... 35% 35% 85% 35%
100'iThlrd Avenue ... 182 132 130 133
300 Tol. St L& W.. 30% 30% 29% 29%
500 Do pfd 60>4 49% 49% 50
4 700 Twin City R T.. 107 104 100% 107
....... Do pfd 104 104%
Union B & P 7% 8
Do pfd 6S 0»
85.200 Union Pacific ... 113 111% 112% 113
200 Do pfd 95U 95 96
Do conv 4s 114 114%
United Copper » 5 7
U Rds of S F 15 17
.... Do pfd 59 62
:::::.. do '•• ss ss%
iUSCIP 12T4 13
10W Do pfJ 62% 62% 62% C4
U S Express 115 117
1 20v'u 8 Leather 12% 12% 12% 12%
1600! Do pfd 92 91»i 91% 91',,
00WO 6 Rubber 28% 28 28J4 28%
1.100 Do r'd » 4^ 83% 83% 84%
33 200 U S S:»cl Cor... 21% 21 21% 21%
3H - (Xi0 Do pfd 82% 82 82% 82%
1 100 Va-Car Chem Co 83 SS% 3-S% 3S%
I Do pfd 112 111% 112 112^4
" " 2 2OOJ Wabash 22U 21 % 21% 22
2000 Do pfd 43% 4314 43% 43%
...... DodeblVs 66 «6%
WeUs-Fargo Ex 235 245
30O.V\Vstern Union.. 91 91 01 91%
1 SOolWestlnghouse ..173 171% 172'/4 173
Do pfd , 185 195
•¦""»6u|w&LE 19% 19% 19% 19-A
.. Do 1« pfd 45% 48%
I.. D^»2d pfd 27% 28%
"" 400! Wisconsin Cent . 23% 23 Vi 2* 23%
100 Do pfd 46% 46% 46% 46%
...... {south Pac pfd ,. H6Vi 116%
1,071.300 total shares sold.
New York Bonds. .
U S ref 2s reg..lO4%|L & N unified 4s. 102%
Do coupon 104%! Man con ROld 4s. 105%
Do 3s r«S 104%!Mex Central 4s... 73
Do coupon 105%| Do 1st lnc 22%
Do new 4s reg.l30%lMlnn A Bt L 4s.. 06%
Do coupon 131%[M. K & Texas 4a.H>2
Do old 4s reg.106%1 Do 2da 85
Do coupon lC«%!Xtt of Mex con 4s 80
Atch genii 102%lN Y C gen 3%s..lC0',4
Do adj 4s 97 IN J C gen 5s 13tVi
Atlantic C L 4s. 98%t Nor. Pacific 4s....lC5H
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 10.1 I Do 3s 75%
Do 3%s ...\... 65 | Nor St W con 4«.100% ;
OnfeVcf Ga Ss.114 IOSL 4s & partlo.lO4U
Do' 1st lnc 5^ jPa conv 3%s....lO3 |
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO5%: Reading gen 4s... 11)2
Chi & Alton 8%s. 80%' S U & I M con 6s.ll6
C B & Q new 4«. 98?i'S L.iSFfi 4». 88% '
c'.M & KP gn 4o.llO%!J5t Louin SW-lsts. 99%
C & NW con "s.lURSi 1 Seaboard A L 4s. 81
C R I & Pac 4s. 78%! So Pacific 4s »4>4
Do col 5s R9 . So Railway Gg....ll8%
C C.C & SLgn 4s.lO2 Tex & Pac lsts..H9
Chi Term 4s 75«i Tol. St L & W. 4«. 81%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 73%| Union Pacific 4s.lC5V«
Colo & So 4s »7%| Do conv 4s 114%
C F & I con Cs. 82 \V B Steel 2d 5s.. 87»4
Pen & Rio Q 4« lOOifciYl'abaph lets 119
Erie prior lien 4s. 101 H I Do deb B ..... flQ*4
Do gen 4s 80 |\V & L Erie 4s... 90%
F W & V C lets.lll%!Wls Central 4s... 92 !
Hock Val 4%«...1O3 I
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20! Little Chief 05
Alice 35i Ontario 3 CO
Breece lSlOphlr 2 40
I Bruns Con 12 Phoenix 15
1 Com Tunnel .... 07|Poto«l 12
ICon Cal & Va... 1 W.Savage 27
Horn Silver 1 80 Sierra Nevada 24
Iron Silver 1 95] Ftnall Hopes 25
Leadville Con.... 02 Standard ..100,
Boston Stocks anil Bonds.
I Money — ItJ S Steel pfd.;,. R29.
Call loam 2g3 i Wealing Common. 83. 1
Time loans 4©5! Mining —
Bonds — - lAdventure ........ 4U
Atchlson 4s 101% lAllouez ........... 141I
Do adj 4s .. 00V4|Amal Copper .:.. 70%
I Railroads — lAmer Zinc ...... 12%
Atchlson 87%! Atlantic ...;..... 16%
Do pfd 102VijBinsham Clii
Boston & Albany.250 ICaJumet &.Hecla.eO5
Boston * Malne-164%!Centennlal :. .• .'30%,
Boston Elev 1C2%! Copper Range ... 63U
Fltchburg pfd.... 138 I Daly West ....... 10%
Mex Central 18% Dom Coal- ... 57'
N Y, N H & H..194 (Franklin 10
Pere Marqu*tte... 76 Grancy 3%
Union Pacific... 112% Isle Royale 25%
Miscellaneous — fMass Mining.... 6%
Amer Arge Chem. 20 | Mlchlran - io-
Do pfd ........ S2UIMohawk ' fi3U
Amer Pneu Tube. 5% ! Mont Coal ft Coke 5%
Amer Sugar 1** Old Dominion ... 28
Do pfd 13G lOseeola 03W
Amer, Tel & Tel. 144 Parrot ....:. 27$
Amer Woolen ... 17WQulncy ..;;•;. 103.
Do pfd P3%iShsnnon ......... ou
Ed Elect Ilium.. 250 I Tamarack ...122
Gen Electric ...".17rt ITrtnlty '..... 18%
Mass Electric..." ISlslU 8- Mining...... 54x4
Do Pfd ••¦ 55 IU S Oil .......... U
Mass Gas 4J« Uteh .. .......... 23 .
United Fruit .'...10.1*1 Victoria .V. ....,.-. •,¦<«
Un Sho* Mach... M«4lWinona .......... u%
Do nfd ¦...:.... Wolverine ........ 89
U S Steel.. 21*41
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
OMAHA. Oct. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200
head; market unchanged. Native steers, $4 25
@C 30; cows and heifers, $2 50*33 75; West
ern steers, $2 00®4 60; Texas steers. $2 75*7j>
S 75; range cows and heifers, $2 5G@3 25;
canners. $1 50@2 15: stockers and feeders,
$2 Zhifii S5; calves. $3@5 50; bulls and stags.
$1 75$3 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 6000 head; market 5c
higher. Heavy, *4 05@5 10; mixed. $4 97V4@
B 02'A: light. $4 07%@5 02%: pigs, $4 50©
4 00: bulk of Bales. ?4 1)7V4@5 02%.
SHEEP — Receipts, 20a head; market steady.
Western yearlings, $4Q& 35; wethers, $3 75@
4 25; ewes, $.1 40<g3 50: common and stockers,
$2 00@4; lambs, $4 75B5 CO.
Omaha.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 29. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 400 head; market unchanged. Native
steers, $4®6 25; Southern steers, ?2 50<g3 75;
Southern cows. $1 50®2 75; native cows and
heifers, $1 50@4 50; stockers and feeders, $2 25
@4 25; bulls. $1 75(S?3 25; calves, $2 75@6;
Western steers, ?3@4 50 ; Western cows, $1 50
@3 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 3000 head; market Co
higher. Bulk of sales. ?5®5 20; heavy. $5 25©
6 35; packers, $595 25; pigs and lights, $4 75
05 10.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2C0 head; market steady.
Muttons, $3 iUKqi 10; lambs, $4 25(33 <30;
range wethers, $3 25@4 15; ewes, $2 50@3 CO.
Kansas City.
HOGS — Receipts 9000 head, Monday 25.0C0
head; market 5® 10c ¦ higher. Mixed and
butchers, $1 50©fl 35; good to choice heavy,
$5 15vi5 35; rough heavy, $4 65®5 03; light,
$4 M'tfO 13; bulk of sales, $5 0G@ft 15.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000 head; sheep strong;
lambs steady. Good to choice wethers, ti@
4 75; fair to choice mixed, $3 50®4 25: West
ern sheep, $3 4O@4 40; native lambs, $4 20@6;
Western lambs, $1 25®5 40.
CHICAGO. Oct. 23. — CATTLE — Receipts,
COO head; market steady. .Good to prime
steers. $5 8QQ*i 75; poor" to medium, $1@5 00;
stockers and feeders, $2@4 20; cows. $1 Z0@
4 80;. heifers, $2®5; canners, $1 C0@2 50; bulls,
$2^4-15; calves. - $3 50@7: Texas fed steers,
$3i§5 50; Western steers. $3@5.
Chicago.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
CHICAGO. Oct. 20.— On the Produce: Ex
change to-day the Butter market was firm;
creameries, 15$22e; dairies, 13%@lS%c. Eggs,
steady at mark, cases ¦ included, lt}@lo*ic;
flrstp, 18V4c. Cheese, easy. 10>i@10V4c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Trade in Potatoes was quiet, as Is usual on
Saturday, and prices were without quotable
change. Top quality lots of Salinas Burbanks
were reported steady at the outside quota
tion, while river- Burbanks continue weak, the
market still being glutted with poor stock.
There were over 20,000 bags of river Burbankd
lying on the wharves unsold. Onions were in
limited supply and firmly held at unchanged
rates. Prices of miscellaneous vegetables
showed considerable change. Summer Squash,
Lima Beans and good Cucumbers were in com
paratively light supply and brought better
prices. The other vegetables were weak and
some kinds were lower. String and Wax Beans
were still in excessive supply and hard
to sell. . ¦¦•...
POMTOES — Burbanks from the river, 409
70c ptf ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1«1 30 per ctl;
River Reds. 75<gS5c per ctl; Sw«et Potatoes,
$1®1 15 per ctl. . . «.
ONIONS— $1 3501 65 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— String and 'Wax Beans.
l<S2c per : lb; Lima Beans. 5S6o per
lb; .Tomatoes. 30©ti0c ' per box; Summer
Squash, hoc per box; Cabbage, «Qc per
ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers. 40©tjOc
per box; Garlic, 4V4@4V6c per lb; Egg Plant,
l!5@i0c per box; Dried Peppers, nominal- Green
Okra. C0@75c per box; Green Peppers, 25®50o
per box; Mushrooms, 12V&®20c per lb; Mar
rowfat, and Hubbard Squash. $lUJrl2 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 40©
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7tf©7«c: Cows and Halt
ers. 5M©«%c: thin Cows. 4S3c per lb.
CALVES — tQVAc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3&®35ic: Ewes. 3?3%c
per lb (gross welrbt).
LAMBS— $2 60«I2 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hog3, 14O to 200 lbs. *%e;
200 to 250 lbs. •« 1 ,4c; 130 lbs and under, 4%e;
ove r 230 lbs, 4%c: soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sows 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent oft,
and Suss. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7S7tfc; Ewe*. 6O"c per
pound- ¦ ¦ ....
LAMB— S®9o per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6#Sc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
i DRIED PEAS— Nfles. ' $1 75®2 CO; Green
Peas. $1 75fc2 00 per ctl. . -
Oats, ; bushels .:..:. .' .145,000 - 181,800
Ry«, bushels .. 6,000 - 18,000.
Barley, bushels .. 63,200 .. .- . 0'J,500
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1904:
DRESSED ; MEATS.
Wholesale rates'; from slaughterers to dealers
ar« as<< follows:' ¦ ¦ •¦" '. . -
- BEEF— 5«J7o " for Steers and 405e per lb
Jot? Cows.
VEAL— Large. 5^@7c; small. 7@9c pep lb.
Quietness still characterizes- the. market, as
the demand end ¦ supply . about balance. -
Meat iSfarkec
CHICAGO, Oct. 29.— -Cavh quotations were
as follows: Flour, quiet, steady: , winter pat
ents, $5 3005 40; straights. $4 O0Q5 20: spring
patents, $5 3005 SO; straights, St 6005 30;
bakers'. S3 2064. No 2 spring;, wheat, $1 110
1 10; No. 3, Jl 03©l 12; No. - 2 ' red, * $1 io<#
1 17%; No. 2 corn. 05c; No. 2 yellow. -5QHc;
No. 2 oats. SStVic; No. 2 white,' SlWG31iJc; No.
3 white. 30@30%c; No. 2 rye. 70c; good feed
ins barley," 37}4c; fair to choice malting. 42®
S2c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 OS; No. 1 Northwestern,
|116; mess pork. . per . barrel, $10 90SJ11 ; lard,
per 1 CO pounds. $707^67 10.' short ribs tide*
(loose), $7 'Jt>©7 f>5; short clear sides (boxed),
*7 S~\i&7 10; whisky, / bn»l» of high- wines,:
$1 24; .clover, contract grade, $12 15. ' ; y ~;- -.,
, Articles— *w£BtigSi:' Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, tarreU ............. 28,600 19,600
Wheat, buahcU ........... 65,000 111,700
Corn bushels ......... v.V. 07.00» : 256,400
Ctish Grain and Provisions.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
47
AUCTION SALES
fe & J^
AUCTION SALE
50 WORK. DRIVING ft SADDT.B HORSE*— SO
Consigned by C. TL. FLOCRNBY. Yolo Co.. Cal.
This U a splendid lot of good, sound, young
horses, weighing from 1000> to 140O pou&da.
and from 4 to S years old. Half of tlMm ar»
thoroughly brosen. tho balancs broken to
halter. The work stock are close-built blocks
of the French-Canadian style. Several of th«
drivers ara thoroughly broken and will make
splendid business horses.
Sale takes plae* at
FRED H. CHASE & CO.'S SALESYAKDfl.
1732 MARKET ST.. near Vaa Ness av«.,
S. F.. at S p. m.
TUESDAY. HOVEMBES 1. 1104.
Horses at yard. Sunday. October SO.
Send for catalogue.
HORD <fe SMITH. 95 Third St.. Auctioneers.
5^% i^*
By order of Mrs. N. WILLIAMS of Marln
County. I will sell her entire stock of 30 larga
HORSES. WAGONS. BUGGIES. CARTS and
HAKXKSS of all descriptions. Sale TUE3DAY. .
November 1. 11 a- m.. at 1140 FOLSOM. ST.
- APVEKTISEMENTS.
NEW YORK. SAN FRANCISCO,
Telephone Call Telephone Call.
420O Broad Main 3070.
E, F. HUTTON & GO.
BANKERS AND BROKERS !
Member*
New Tork Stock Exchange. |
New York Cotton Exciaaxs.
New York Co£«« Eachaay*.
Chicago Board ot Trad*.
RICHARD E. KULCAHT, M»nn<*r. .
' 490 California street.
Ban Francisco.
83-35 Xew street. " '
X«w York. i
150% ADVANCE
irs is days
- November 15 price or onr stock will advaac*
to five cents per share. Present price. 2 cent*
oer share cash or installments. Par value $1.0i>
cer share, non-assessable. Are developing 4i>
acres* of rich gold land tn the famous Goldfleld
District, close to the largest producers. Own
all our property. No debts. Are developln<
nroDerty and have struck good ore body, there-
fore price will advance U> five cenu per share —
150 Mr cent— on November 1*. ana stock will
be withdrawn entirely when we reach the high
rrade or« bodies which we feel sur« will soon
be opened up In our shaft. Now la the time ta
Mt in on this exceptionally good property at
lowest possible price. Fortunes made every day
in Goldfleld. and we may strike It any day.
Write or wire at once for particulars. . and re-
.erve stock at present price pending your la-
vcstiratlon, 4r call at our local efflce.
THE ETC ELK GOLD MINES COl.
716 Italian- American Bank Bids..
i San' Francisco. Cal. .- JThe presence at the St. Francis Ho
tel of E. A. Wiltsee, formerly of this
city and now stationed in New York
as the American representative of the
lx»ndon Venture Corporation, has
brought to light the fact that he is
here in connection with a big mining
deal involving more than $2,000,000. It
concerns the flotation of the Lluvia de
Oro mine in Chihuahua, Mexico, which
has suddenly come into prominence as
one of the richest and most promising
gold producers of the southern repub
lic While the negotiations for the
purchase of the mine are actually pro
ceeding in the East. Wiltsee found it
necessary to come West to straighten
out certain details and to await here
the arrival of experts who have been
sent to Mexico to examine the prop
erty. : ¦•'•••
The Lluvia de Oro mine is owned by
a syndicate, in which Is prominent B.
F. Yoakum of the St. Louis and San
Francisco Railroad, F. D. Heed, H. E.
Carry. Frederick Edey and James
Campbell of New York. It has been
bonded to the London Venture Corpor
ation. According to reports from New
York the option price on the property
has within six months advanced from
$600,000 to $2,000,000. The mine was
originally owned by Bernardo Garcia
cf Chihuahua, who sunk a hole in the
ground about thirty feet deep and
struck ore running as high as $1000 a
ton. When it was purchased by the
Ycakum syndicate many of the best
miners of Chihuahua and that vicinity
expressed grave doubts as to it« value,
their opinion being that the mine was
simply a pocket, but since then it has
been producing richly.
Several years ago Harry S. McKay,
a well-known mining engineer of Los
.Ajjgeles, was employed in the Lluvia
d-> Oro mine, and with a two-stamp
null he cleaned up $51,000 in four
months. As a result of last year's
work about $4,000,000 worth of ore has
been opened up and blocking out has
been going on at the rate of $500,000
a month. When the London Venture
Corporation, through E. A. Wiltsee and
it? managing director, Frederick
Baker, began negotiating for the prop
erty, a corps of engineers was sent to
Mexicqo thoroughly to inspect the
mine. Their reports so far have con
lirmed the stories that have drifted
north concerning its riches. One of the
engineers is expected soon to arrive
here for the purpose of reporting to
Wiltsee. When seen yesterday, how
ever. Wiltsee declined to be interview
ed regarding the deal.
Holds Option on the Famous
Lluvia de Oro Property,
Located Down in Mexico
IT EsTOLVES MILLIONS
Engineer Wiltsee's Presence
in This City Concerns
a Large Gold Producer
BIG MINE DEAL
IS TO BE MADE
Henry E. • Butters, the well-known
Oakland millionaire, Is behind the com
pany recently incorporated for the
avowed purpose • of building an electric
railroad between" Oakland and Marys
ville by : way of Sacramento. This' bit
of information was given out yesterday
from a trustworthy source, and consid
erably allayed '• the . anxiety . shown by
the Southern Pacific officials Over, the
identity . of the projectors of the ; new
enterprise.
The Oakland and Marysville Railroad
Company was organized / In this city
MINSK, European Russia, Oct. 29.—
The only place In the Minsk Govern
ment where, disturbances have occur
red Sf at Bobruisk, where last . week
there was an anti-Government demon
stration. There was no anti-Jewish
disturbance.
No Anti-Jewish Riots.
Oakland Millionaire Said to
Be.Prpjector of an Elec
tric Line to Marysville
HENRY BUTTERS
TO BUILD ROAD
In Mission Parlor Hall, on Wednesday
evening. November 2, a benefit will be
given to Mrs. G. B. Hathaway by her
many friends. Mrs. Hathaway has been
unfortunate of late and was stricken with
paralysis so that she is unable to do any
thing for herself. The benefit will take
the form of a dance and fishpond party-
It is to be hoped that there will be a large
attendance for this worthy cause. The
b*n*>nt Is In the hands of Mrs. F. P.
liearne and Mrs. I. J. Hall, and a good
time is assured.
Benefit Dance.
When rummaging through the vault
this morning officials found the en
velope and money,' but there are many
who doubt if it has been there all this
time. County Clerk Miles immediately
dismissed Clerk Williams.
The matter was probed by J. Wilbur •
Cate, a real estate man, who heard that
$500 had been paid by the owners of the
Poppy colony to the county to defray:
the expense of opening a road to the/
colony. He went to the records, but i
failed to find any entry of the payment I
of. the money in to the Treasurer's of-'
fice. Supervisor Bullard, to whom the i
money was paid sixteen months ago, !
vhen asked about the matter said he \
had handed the money to the clerk, i
When Williams was " interrogated he ]
said the money had been paid. He said
he had been paid with a check, which,
instead cf taking to the Treasurer's of
fice, he cashed and placed the money
in an envelope. i
FRESN'O, Oct. 29.— What appears to
be a case of carelessness, or worse, in
the County Courthouse came to Ufrht
this morning in the office of the Board
of Supervisors. As the result a new
clerk is now in charge and Supervisor
Bullard rests under a cloud. The dis
missed clerk of the board is L. R. "Wil
liams. The dismissal of Williams
due to the discovery that $500 had been
lost. The money, however, was found
this morning, but under such circum
stances that it was determined to dis
pense with the clerk's services. -!
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fresno Supervisor and Clerk
of Board Handle Funds
of County in Queer Manner
OFFICIALS REST
UNDER A CLOUD
A ' Btory ." by '' J amen '", Hosper, ;_ ; t hs ' Berkeley
coach,, entitled '.'.'Locomotive ' Joneg.T a i Football
Fantaey.'V is a feature of ¦• Sunset Magazine
for " ' • ¦ -\ .• l
Hopper's i Stoiry in .Sunset.
World's Record for 'Oldfleld.
NEWJORK; Oct. 29.— Barney Old
fifeld' won -the automobile track cham
pionship ; of the world to-day at the
Empire' City track, defeating Paul Sar T
tori;- the driver 'of W. K." .Variderbilt
Jr.'s car, in the final , heat of the* four
cornered ten-*mlle race. - His time was
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 29.— The appoint
ment; of the. following' legislative
committee was - the . first business
transacted to-day at the closing ses
sion' of \the interstate commerce law
convention: E. P. Bacon, Milwau
kee; C..H. Seybel of St. Louis; ;R. S.
Lynch; of Chicago; William ! Larrabee
of . Clear moht,"? Iovra ; J. - E. ¦• Howard ¦ of
Wichita, KansT; ? R.- W.v Higbie of New
York City; " W. McKenzie of . Trinidad,
Colo.; R. H. Collins of Fort Worth,
Tex.; ;H. B. Loveland of San Fran
cisco. . 4
Interstate, Commerce Law Convention
¦ at St. Louis Holds Its Closing
Session.
ways of Paris and of Baslei : Switzer
land. For the last : ten years he has oc
cupied a handsonie 'residence "• in Pied
mont;and l has invested. in- land on .that
side ( of the bay- whenever, an ; inviting
opportunity offered itself.
fw'.When '¦• he ; ' first 'conceived^ the plan for
an ; electric*. road ;• between'' Oakland and
Marys ville;. which,'; of cburse.V means - a
parallel V line . to "¦} the i Southern • Pacific
Company's "steam ; road, he \tried to in
duce severalof his intimate"' friends to
joiniwith- him^ih; the scheme/but, they
balked "at .the' 'proposition: ; "With; great
er confidence in hlsown judgment, But
ters^undertookltorcarry'through /the
project with : capital i of \ his ; own and
that" furnished " by I Werner,*; Beit ; & Co..
with! theTresult; thatT he '] finally; got \ his
plans in shape and; authorized ' the Mer
cantile Tjust Company ; to^pr6ceed with
.the "{formation* of *a ; company. ' It" - is
claimed ' ( that . Butters \\ has', ha.d ;- several
surveys of the proposed route made^ and
is ; rapidly;" perfecting : tils'f plaits for*; be
ginning work. "
I.EGISLATIVE , 'COMMITTEE
> ELECTED BY ATTORNEYS
three weeks ago. In the articles of incor
poration Frederick Wi Zeile,-, president
of the Mercantile • Trust Company,* and
other officials of that corporation were
mentioned ; as the directors of the : new
concern, but beyond that; information
those gentlemen declined to , •furnish
anything ' further regarding = the ¦? com
pany.
The latest report, ; however, : is , that
the Mercantile Trust Company 'j is sim
ply acting as' the agent^of Butters, who
is representing: "the well-known : New
York and '"London'', firm of Belt
& Co. in ; the railroad I enterprise. 'Al
though, Butters,; who is Iheayily- inter
ested i in ' Oakland .real estate ahdj : has
great faith} inHhe} futureVof: that; city,
declines to make any statement regard
ing . •; his ; . connection' with , the) Oakland
and ; llarysville.} Railroad Company,^ it
vrai . said . on authority, yesterday^ that
he had* been working ' on j^the % railroad
project for a~ year. and. had ;flnally?got
Werner, Beit & Co. interested ¦ with
him. JSSSSBH^^M
Butters has been identified iwithVWer
ner, Beit : & Co. in *'a s number; of fslmi^
lar undertakings," notably' the} purchase
and • consolidation of 'the electric* lines
in the" City of Mexico and :i the > tram-
0:12 3-5. which beats the world's rec
ord for ten miles on a track from a
standing start by . two-fifths of * «©<;.
ond.
THE SAN FRANCISCO): CALU; H SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1904.
48
IP IT IS A QUESTION .
Of locality witli yon, consult our
TO IiET COL.U3IXS. Apartments
and rooms ln all portions of the
ciiv advertised.
I RUPTURE
I HERE IS ANOTHER OF OUR CURES. '
5 "I'was cured ; of rupture over a year ago and feel as if I had
? never been ruptured. Seven treatments were, sufficient.
3 "I. LEVISON oM-cvison Bros.. Rocklin. CaL"
5 Our cure. is safe, sure and practically painless. No time is lost
* Ask any of the following gentlemen: Rev. Sidney Wilbur, 1310,
3 Octayiast.S.F.: Peter Smith, 616 Fourth St.; W. J. Ramsey, sn
5 Hayes St.; C. E.Howard. 7.*8 Mission St.; W. D. Evans, 1319 Oc-
§ tavia st.;, Solomon -Hirschy.:.ioS Monroe St., San Jose; E. G. Hursch,
5 .^668 Twentieth St.; M.Bounsall, Calistoga; G. W. ! Stoddard, 702
$ Tenth St., Sacramento. Hundreds of other addresses will be fur-
5 ¦ Call and see us. / '
FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE
5 1344 MARKET STREET, S. F.
. k---'^, HALE'S. I HALE'S. I HAIJE'S...:. . I ¦ HAJLE'S. . - f^» - HALETS. ', -I HAXJE7S.- ... .
News for Our Mutual Benefit=-=Hale's
Y 7~* Tff rvj;/; For your benefit because they mean savings on things you want. "yrograpny Store
IIU.1I yjll fi^^flajSCTv For our benefit because they'll acquaint more of you with the bigness and V*»«£» ""'* ' Moved to Fourth Floor.
On Dressed Dolls WmBsM^L XS , betterness of this good goods store and the advantages you'll gain by buying JlJsIL ph y' class n^t s s£urd a ly "JSo'SKfK
*ysmBM&ww0&$lk.Ii&k here all the time ." " • . to school can have the benefit of expert
A Biz Opportunity- §8»^M^WKSfCL >«"<:.¦ ..-.:- .'.,.. instruction and learn how to make splen-
-r u i-.*i -i *&&%?>% - 41 - m^Mfi^r-—-—^.^ ' • did Christinas gifts and hava plenty of
To get the little girl a new do ~"~ . C^fe^^M* >O^V time to make them.
that will fill in from now till Km^j^SWw/l X^^=^ "T- -^^^g^f^P^g^ >V^ V\ " Kew outfits. $1.4&-Coraplete in wooden
Christmas. If you will make a %&&2ffi8^W I /•! \v — " ~^I \\\ ¦ boxes with bulb, cork handle^bottle
new dress for the one vou buy it 220IHP7/ j > •*-*^^/ >^fl|( i V(V) and^amp. All points platinum and
will be most as brisht and fresh %^ — — -^^ S 1 ! K V >' WMf. a re«nhr |U0
as a new doll. ™Qnf/O I' '¦ -• " '¦" ;i' A"W A^X'li^VR value; complete to a hinged box.
And that leads to the why. JSSZ^ / ?\ i^t ¦ * --.._. m >%. « ' \ : \i^\-^^ stamped, all ready to burn.
T »^sitSV«: 1 - / // Tii.KlA'J i7\ : «l^ A iss^xs^gi?[Lsf - A%s
time th^se beautiful new Christ- / '// g gjk I F B BTT S .| H I f" § i m#Ifl#191 I 1 I I 19 I V \\ "h \>^ s^^" to those you will pay $5.50 for.
mas dolls have come in. Their / // JL *. » ML SL M. JO. Jl V^ B-^ B-^ X-T JL f^ KrWi Jl Ji Jl T \\ I Vn/^^vu*. Seoarata Points at 70c $1.00. S1.33 aal
dresses are soiled. And the ,' . / •' II " * : ' "" ' ' ' ' M. m. - ' 9t/ \\ • « 't =«- ~- $1^5.
Christmas dolls are so bright A '^ //¦ r-^~Z .-_ _ ~TJ ~ ' ~~ ~~i T~T \ '. \\ l].\ S«pant« Bulb* and Tu*tiur at 83c
a^oct^wTtS SS. *£&£% /K^J MOSt ImpOHtant Of All. \\ \ l5^ S S? Ml S?arSS ones
must have their- room. So we j&l P-Jti 7y/ a ¦ 1. • 1 1 *• ,, r , Ki 1 1 r 1 c iL - tt 1 i- n 1 U^=Lji\ Art Skins at 33o— Big perfect ones.
have taken decided measures. /a\^3F"/^ Jl At a most important time. Women know the helpfulness of- this Hale linen store all the W *H*a. And ever> y thln^ ln wooden things to
Out. they go to-morrow at -half (^ V;^/f time ¦; know .the advantages importing direct and in six-store quantities brings. Thev de- M^W^v & V"S r th"k SVyroSShV'tnM?^
SPevery?i 2 fInVde K ree $i°SS \%^^ pend on Hale's for good linens; depend on getting them here at less than they can get them AVSS^ gf&'S SS? ttto "^ department on
dolls at 50c; $1.25 dolls at 60c; Xwi'fjrF elsewhere. •• . \\l^^^S«s
$2.00 dolls at $1.00. iwE^jf We arc P roud t0 i ncr ease the helpfulness of this linen store now when you will be most glad of N^tJ^iSy) •' Bleached iYlUSHfl 7C
O ; O V^^? its help, when you arc thinking of clothiiig the table anew, with Thanksgiving just a little over three ¦ — —
A Great Extra in '\&j\ a mercerized linen, 62 inches wide, at 45c; a 72-inch damask, bleached, at 75c yard. Nap- l^^y , lOCquallty, T 36 tn. Wide. _
\\T-:±l~~ r>«««« o ft/ , n~~. \\ (Ir kins at $1.25 dozen. But let's look at the prices. Some of the linens in a window to-day. //^ Iff " '• A fine . sot t . finish, just the ngnt
Writing Paper 2UC BOX Vf . - _ - , r^ , , ,. v . J^/// weight for musltn underwear. It will
_2 Z \ , 62-inch Table pamask at 45C Yard. ' I // wear splendidly. It's an extra this
Thafha^never sold for less than 35c jlj It's a regular 60c quality, mercerized, bleached, in a fine damask weave; a heavy quality that. will give ill/ week at 7c yard.'
before, but here's the name. It's n' splendid wear and satisfaction. A special opportunity to-morrow at 45c yard. tt r/ 72-lnch Sheeting- at aio yard — It's
Eaton Hurlbut's Highland Linen J ' Table uamask. 75o yard— 2 yards wide Bleached Damuk at 98c— 2 yards wide. But you can use it for drawn work, to V^A I W^vard* aioyiri
note paper and envelopes, 24. sheets \ * and .all- linen. Ifs a regular 90c qual- every bit linen. - .i • make Christmas gifts. .. \*A\ • wSw Sml iaUiwlOSO ot toea
and 24 envelopes to the box. To- J «, y^ b S e<k Napkins to match a^ At 48c yard _ A silver bleached table At 60c yard— Mercerized damask. 62 \ \\ bleached, "lie 42x36, fine Quality, well
morrow 20C instead Of 3SC box. i $2.00 dozen. , damask,' 62 inches wide, all linen. inches wide, nne cloth, highly mercer- W\\ made. lSHc ot „ „
, Napkins, $1.25 dozen— Regularly $1.50 • .* « LL'ti * mAr< . AP i,<.^ a 1 *» \ \\ Hemstitched Cases, 15c— Sli« 45x36.
' dozen, mercerized, size 20x20; a fine . . 7n-in *0arm<;k At . 4 ? c . y JfZ h«Jv € hu h? askl 6J 5 I I bleached and with a 3-lnch hem.
CHRISTMAS COMING— Doilies-Table ' quality. 31.25 dozen. -, 70 in. L/amaSK OOC. . nC f™, ™H:rn,".ii Jhm i^i. com -' 'I Bleacied Sheet.. 64c— Extra large ones.
revcra maln> nrettv trifts New ideas ea- . . • ' - *. .-, . in four patterns, splendid cloth. * / .1.. on.nn Rut it's when vou see how
lore^F?ee Embroidery ClaS!« to^teacn 50c Table Itoea— That should be 60c. 66 Bleached regular 90c quality plain UnWeachea Dama«k-5 8 Inches wide at I extra #o^d they are *ou ? w?U bl glad
younew stitches. '< inches wide, all linen damask. satin damask, with no figure, no border. 45c yard. 62 inches wide at 50c. to sharethem at 64c
A II JlL-P£^ 25c Handkerchiefs, 12ic Scotch Tweeds at $ 1 .50
gfifc SSIl' s" XT*9^£^>?*^C^^fSiSz- J$£ *m Samples Swiss Embroidered Handkerchiefs. ©" 56~in. wide, regularly $2 25 yard
ti3b±jBS W& They're on the cards just as the maker sent them out to show The first news from the dress -goods store to-dav. And some
Ifgf?,^ S=^T// his customers. Splendid styles in hemstitched and scalloped of the best. That sturdy, swell material that is the favorite this
PMH^^9E3S'.\^ -^^S^^^^^S edges, some with Teneriffe some with fleur de lissome with fall, both for suits and skirts. 56 inches wide at $1.50; new pat-
'tVm'CII^'/j Jtfn^rir- -fggt «!^^-^?^ t^'dci&^J !¦'.-?»• scroll patterns, some of the hemmed ones have beading em- terns. •
' =t& @ kt -.STJO) //f&rM* t$M8± broidery patterns that make them particularly adapted to use in j^ a we wm make you a vUJn sklrt fre9 lf you n buy tne materlal for
t^# sHi ' making corset covers. All i2 l Ac instead of 25c. „ y ™ r ordinary skirt length.
-hs^SISSl-^ /^^'L^T»*S*iO^\ \\ 'W^. MiBS r-, -, r • • r.. ... Broadcloth at $1.00— Not only in black, but ln all th." new shades, chara-
Li-4f * Jrl^t r -^^^.C^ bV- j:^^.'4/ Ja-v^^SjffiEiif Ihey -come from one or the largest importers in the East. Ihey did pasne. tan. pray, navy, brown, cardinal.
'¦ ¦^^^^tlf^ a^ilv^: ;r * him such ood service in selling his regular stock that he let us. have "inches 50 yard ~ 42 lnches wide « ln navy and black only< 45 ° yard for 50
Y™ 1 .^P^ **?~ \^l?Sr '•^*rf£tZ£^ v^V^^^^™^^ them for less than he usually sells his samples for. They're yours same '
* ' Black Taffeta at 45c — Is one of the best 1 0r I inino"«s
The Hale China Store Strikes the First Thanksgiving More Welcome News: More Wooltex iSSSjHSi ah i6 M$l ?f, „ odd
Note With inches wide at 45o yard. . .
O*i34-£> -Cr^+m XX7'm^<m/m~* I-T/^**^ Olace Taffeta at 75o— 19 inches wide. lot that presents an exceptional
w— , • • • -T^V • r** Z^O I LS TOl W OI I IrlS nPrP Oiangt-able silk, new line of colors: t . . . ,
T^rVf\**r\'rr% 1t=±C? tt*% flit-l-n/^f* WATC V^V** M.KJK TT U11IVH2 Ilvl K* brown, navy, green, lavender and ma- opportumty to those who need
economies- in uinncrpctb ... — — - — — — . t**^ &&?& ***£ Hc - «? »«-* ««
\"- — ¦ 7- " " A ow, and ready to-morrow morning; splendid styles. It seems black " *r^ you golnV to make him a r •« c • u a f - •
Such as are seldom seen; such as are most welcome now as though every new lot that comes is better than (hose that pre- P "'
Early? Not a bit of it. A stitch in time saves nine. With ceded it b They are better. They're fashion's latest products, im- gSSffi^" light blue, rose, lavender, gray.
Th^gkspving only a little over three weeks away its time to prp ycmeiits. They're AVooltex, and these 'aew suits are the finest w^- Ha ?t^^uIa? c 3 o T c E^u7i = itV n^ brown ' tan and purplc * AD 3<S
tnuiKOt the dishes now. representatives of the name we have seen. ;"• yard'for 27 inches. 40c quality spien- inches wide, at xoc yard.
Think of how. manv vou will need of uettinsr the prettiest . . > did quality for waists, children s
ininK 01 now. iiidiiy you wm iiccu, ui fecttiiig uiv. Y^ = Man-tailored styles, every one with an individuality of its own. Every dresses and underwear. Q -o
and best and paying as little as yOU Can for them. Let Hale S style "different." 'They're suits thnt fit perfectly with a. fit that stays be- ' ¦
11 x* ~, Itr 1 *u - -.to. *u: n lr',r.rr /-.f o Konntifiii T-Ti\ri cause It's built into tho garment. It seems as though the tailors have vied •
help. AO matter whether yOU are thinking Ot a beailtllUl rtavi- with O ne another to see which one could make his garments more dlstinc- -_ _ ¦ -_, __ _ _
land dinner set. Here's one at $22.45 ; another at $14.95. Or •."ye. more original, more .worthy of the name "Wooltex." . T^O C^f* Q+ SlX
of one in Carlsbad china, or in beautiful light semi-porcelain The highest authorities have adjudged Wooltex the leading 4J11YWI 1 K*d *JWl dl *P&>tJ\J
ware. France and Germany and England have contributed. American garment. Every suit of all-wool material, and such " ~p j " "~" J, 5 : ; - —
The biggest and best sources of the world all pour their offer- bright new patterns and ideas we are glad to be the only ones in Quadruple Sliverplate; four pieces SUgar bowl, tea pot,
ings into this Hale china store in a volume that brings opportunity ban Franciscpto have them ; glad this new lot has just come, for creamer and Spoon holder,
knocking at the door of every one who needs chinaware in a way we need- them. Your approval has been so enthusiastically given m-kre^S^
that has surprised hundreds of women during the past weeks It it has been hard work for us to keep lines full. See these new suits • „„-• jfc ? « J*!&
has made us hundreds of new friends. Opportunity is knocking ¦ J&wSwk *£j&hJt nrir-*4:I "' fifi
again now. And to-morrow will start another friend-winning week, to-morrow: -.•'..' tiHBB&K -~3BSr JUm KAi.AJMs-?\ Jfflfe
¦ _ _. At $16.50 — Fitted jacket suits, in beauti- At $18.75 — Suits with fitted and loose HKisHra fiflg nil j ft f /v\ d j-^trSaTL.
H^Vlland China In Semi-Porcelain ful ncw brown arid Kray mixtures. backs, in new mixtures ami black. t8k*9§&T y€^^^%. Tx'tWApir Vl d&ml. X^ ft^^jjJT^^
ndVlldllU 111 OCllll l UlLCiaill plain blacks and brown?, too. Skirts At S20.0O— Suits in black and blue che- j^^fflf "^- RW/ U «8« - «g£3k. elk S&ZJ&
$30.00 Dinner Set at $22.45. Cottage Set at $4.65. are pleated. ; ;. ? y viot. with braided coats. %3£B> /fc5?n§\ • ni^MPmSl rf&x£$*
It's a beauty; real Haviland. thin and 50 pieces of light weight English • | ((3[i I j o] r^K^AAV 1 y^\^ pp^i."tX/M
liprht. with a dainty raised pattern. semi-porcelain, thin and daintily ' t? 'Ell I Jci/ #9 £?» fAs^'jAw i\s *•' ' i^i^S. II Yit' v Jj
fancy shaped, festooned edge. 832.45 decorated with small pink rose- __, _- _. __ . . _. f &t ' V3l I l3 JeSe&m Wv\ //sV ***. Vy^'V'J.'feA fi A&
|fpSSS"J S*SS Saie $1.50 Gloves, $1.15 teW^»M»
SISSSH to Buy and Save. \M^^^^^^^W§/L^
with dainty floral sprays in natural persons 55 95 T . • ri- 11 i-i J 1 1-11 -' 1, : " t FQifiOl M -^. C^ZL tJ^^_ -<~--—Z=s**f8*W : tA /gg^*»,
colors; handles and covers are gold y ' * - JllSt 2OO pairs of 1* rcncll glace kid, SUedc and mocha gloves, all v£&iW$H @ t h r —^ 3g^T^ jj /^fifrr^-ril
trac . ed - _ , . , _.. _ . 6 DtaBer , P1 r te "'! o n 0 : A 2-clasp, all lines we are discontinuing because we have found bet- J^l^te^-^*^ Uf '<&fjP~^(&jP&e2>^$!>**
In I'lrknad I him ' That are repularly $2.00 dozen; . '¦ . 1 j.\ • 1 1 c . T"i • 11 .1 1 ¦«ft-<%, t - 1 Vj\^ gj= ' — r> ,/f (¦) I*. -^"^- -*Sisa^2j*i8/s a /w»
in \^dii5Udu nown blue, under glaze, fancy beading terones to take their place at $1.50. They re well worth a long ¦¦' • « '' - r^'-i^ U VI V) *%s **^y*2.oo
Dinner Set at $14.9?. edge, light weight. trip to share at $1.15 pair.^r^ . a K M «it;f,,i «»,„ finicii 5n^ i«tt»m v.«f ?!,•«.,« c;i«-«,« M :.
*,_ j. Tj. ,1 * r*» r« fi ennm and saucer. go« ' *r 4. . T lt j.-- j, « . ' A . Deautiiul new. finish ana pattern — Dut tne new silverware is
A set that should sell at $£2.50; 6 Cups ana saucers. 6Oo. every size in the, different shades, nnr every shade In the different lines. t . .. . , • - .
perfect in finish and design; fancy To match the plates fancy shape ut a^ sizes ln the shades of tan. mode, gray, black and white are here. en ICLC tlllS Week.
scalloped edge, daintily decorated with btadintr edee flown blue under Some stitched with Paris Point, others with on« row of embroidery. Sizes • t. j » 1 j "* • i_ «-«.'" ~ .«
with floral festoons and border ot Saz e 6 "' unaer . 5% to 7%. 31.15 instead of U.B0. Th e new shapes and styles and finishes are all here. Dull,
tiny pink rosebuds. Large platters, 6 Tumblers. 35c -I '¦';" bright, colonial and Art Nouveau patterns. The display is at its best
covered^ ¦ \? g e2l>le Sh dlsheS .^loi : Thin blown lead glass tumblers. ~ • now, when it should be when every woman is thinking of brightca-
pieces at $14.95. ' v^A - neatly engraved with sprays of flow- T^ '<• /** * x-t ••'"''¦-'' f\. *a ing up her table and when economies will be most welcome (for
[ pmAnoHp Spfc «1 10 eps and fleur de Us. . ,. HLO \V%J I jAf* Hf 1^ I frt t^Ol*rl 1 tfH 1 T\7 -.• Thanksgiving is just a bit over three weeks away). Maybe you are
Lemonade betS JSl.lU , ... . UdUV V-'lULIICS VfLipUI LUllILy ) thinking of a gift. Then this news should be doubly welcome, for
Water or lemonade sets, fancy col- v^. •¦¦¦¦. *^ ¦¦' ' • < m. » m/ t,-__ -SL. _-r«. v,:_.«., w«i^.>a • •" *
ored elass. shallow pitcher, tankard Handled punch or lemonade mugs, ~~ ' : ~~ — nere are gilt runts gaiqre. — -. -..; • ,. >•
"shape; glasses to match. 51.10. fancy pressed bands. v' " \ ¦ . _ >-' Let some of the prices talk. See the beautiful window we ve filled
' ; To Buy -Her 'Winter Outfit and Save with silverware. It will tell you better why it's unnecessary to pay
, -t ; _ . . _ ' exclusive prices exclusive jewelers charge. This Hale silverware store
Doll Interest increased I his Week Here, Are Dainty Little Cloaks at $2.00— In Cream was nevcr so rcad y to be helpful as now -
D- £* cr/\ n 11 4. nes 'Bedford cloth with turn-down collar and large shoulder v %U%Sffi£%&ViSir i&J Si *&&*'*'"' 33^5- ad ™^ -nver
tSlg .91.5U- -UOllS at VaC. capes, trimmed with row after row of fancy silk rib- J^ ks^nTat7i 3 £xew pattern, 8^e. ! S?nSn K^ 0 ge^ m a^ rupIa 8Uvw
: " — bOn, lined .With Sateen thrOUghOUt. Warm, pretty quadruple silver plate. * *« ' Candle Sticks, asc aad 3So— SUver plated.
They're 19% in. tall, regular babies, with bisque heads, eyes that open garments, either Shortor long, and yOU Can buy them "ffie^&ere^StarfoVchristSSo" f" T — 7^~ Cl
and close, handsome sewed curly wigs parted on the side and • tied at' $2'' 00 ' Vl >.t . >; :. " w«* wov But. soe— 8 nicks and a nut bpOOHS at 25C
with ribbons. Fancy chemise, lace stockings and patent leather slip- dl ¦*^ uu « . ' . V : - ..." " - ¦. Hut Sets. 50c— 6 picks and a nut f .
pers. , $1.50 dolls at 05c; third floor. • Just the first item in this news .from the baby _ goods store, to-day. .We creamers. $1^5 Quadruple silver plate; *he Best Sliverplate.
¦ But the Christmas dolls have received lots of new recruits.- Santy has have been waiting till. all', the new things came in and now we '.'are sugar bowls, too; satin finish and en- Including the famous 1847 ware-
sent load after load to these six California stores, more to Hale's ready, to .have you come and sec them and share them and find out graved. ' • William Rotrers TVnniVnr* p,«.
wo^er^vSu^ SSf^biJfSc *™&^^f£?$?*£Sfi£> whether it's to. your^ advantage to buy your baby's outfit at Hale's or . Bread Trays. 51.35-SHver plated, en- £d nfotoSf & ! EdwJrdf sUverl
these beautiful 51.50 dolls at 95c. here are . ' not. . Look at- these ; other prices. But the quality and goodness of graved. ware, that is better for every day
Hew Dolls *t S5c— 15-inch one. kid $1.75 DoU at 81.15— Handsome, full the garments will only come.out when you see them; see what splendid Napkin Ring's, 50c— Large and handsome use than sterling Odds and end*
bodied, with bisque head prettily jointed doll, papier mache body, un- materials and how daintily and perfectly they are made. Here are ' assortment. of forks table snoniM <!»«•?*?
curled hair. And a 12-Inch one. breakable, moving wrists, wooden '. _. \^n* tt- ' ? «. * * n \, j , • ChUd's Set. 25c — Silver plate, knife, fork OI xorKS, . laoie spoons, dessert
jointed, with composition body. arms and legs, teeth that show and * ifir £l^ G fl Wn * o , at 3 fn^ n^- /«¦-,, «,^ and spoon. spoons and sugar spoons grouped
sleeping eyes and real eyelashes. sewed wig. Ifs 21 inches tall white flannel. -well made, an = unusual blue Daisy flannel, with turndown col- W . M . «.^ B _ m -js-Tnlortd elass howl to sell at 25c each to morrow
Bothatasc. 81.15. n '-' a S^^^^!vPj' silk 'TtUcian^ CUffS: flnlshed wlth " O * to-morrow.
jmb» n ' ¦--'¦¦ -^ Bath Bobes and . Wrappers : at ' 50c — Of Iiejrsrinffs at 25c — White Saxony, drawer - ' « r J737
,„, j$Sf -«v Order by Mail fiannei, with turn-down collar and rib- Sacque* at 25c — White Saxony, trimmed Visit the cake- fl&f d6)
$W JP4™™^^^K^«noP and send u J a Skirt's 0 ana°Pintiii«r Blanket, at 25c— Of Booties, of Smony. and°25c. tion "downstairs, IO >M^ /Mf &^P <3^^B^
Jj&gf J35lu*L**~~m^ name, bo we can cream Shaker -riannel. lone skirts and K1U Moccasins, 25c — Pink, blue, tan, red -. ln ¦¦> o m to- /!&/ J*** -^ — * ' ¦ — ~^ r ~~~~^
Hjguf "^V^qT*—" ».¦¦ " R na you our ne*- pinning blankets, finished around the and black: size 3 only. a * ln - " v ' l /ggy. "*" l^Vg^T ™ -, V^^
-»^M<C %&ff*g%Zrk fltkfitont Christmas book. bottom with fancy stitched hem. Feedinsr Bib«. of Oilcloth, 5c, 10c and morrow. JJ2U . ~*g<»I. _y tt?OO GG4Ji>Z>*^^
•¦¦ •¦¦¦¦•¦. O ' ...'Q'i Caps, 25c-r-Of cream silk.; embroidered. 12UC. ' ' \ q Q ¦¦»,¦,.¦ n "'^T