SAN. FRANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1904.
"Heretofore the enemy in operating has relied on his great forces and disposing his armies so as to surround us; has chosen as he deemed fit his time
for attack; but now the moment to go to meet the enemy, for which the whole army has been longing, has come, and the time has arrived for us to compel the
Japanese to do our will, for the forces of the Manchurian army are strong enough to begin a forward movement."— From order of day issued by General Kuropatkin.
KUROPATKIN DECLARES TIME IS NOW RIPE FOR ATTACK UPON THE TROOPS OF MIKADO
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 10.»-General Kuropatkin's order of the day announcing his determination to take the offensive is supplemented
to-day by the news that an offensive movement has already been tjegun and that the Japanese line has been broken at Bentsiaputze. The Japanese
occupied a front of about fifty-two miles, stretching from Bentsiaputze on the east through Yentai and across the railroad to the banks of the Hun
River on the west. . ;
RUSSIANS BEGIN FORWARD MOVEMENT AND BREAK JAPANESE LINE AT BENTSIAPUTZE
KING PETER ANOINTED
Zicha Scene of the Ceremony
The War Office has ordered all of
ficers on vacation to return immedi
ately to their regiments. Notice is also
given that there will be no more holi
day leaves.
BOME. Oct. !».— It [i asserfed that the
Cabinet has made all preparations to
call out 70,000 more reserves. Premier
Giolitti wishing to have a strong con
tingent of troops throughout Italy in
order to quell any attempts at disorder
that may be made by the extreme par
ties.
Fremier Giolitti Takes Action to Pre
vent Spread of Any Outbreak "
by Extreme Parties.
Strong Force to Be Held in
Readiness to Quell
Disturbances.
Seventy Thousand
Reserves to Be
Called.
ITALY IN
FEAR OF
DISORDERS
HOBOKEN. N.yj., Oct- 9.— "My
friends, if you don't spark here, you
will spark somewhere else. " If you don't
spark with one. another you will seek
strangers to spark with. As for spark
ing itself, I am heartily In favor of it.
I hope it will lead to the altar and that
I will be allowed to marry you." So
spoke Rev. Andrew Kenny, rector of
St. Anthony Roman Catholic Church of
West Hoboken, to the members of his
dramatic society, ; whose parents ob
jected to their rehearsing for the play
on the ground that it gave the young
folks too great a chance to spark.
The society is composed of twenty
handsome youths and pretty maids.
Two weeks ago they began rehearsing
for a play. The parents of the young
people did not mind their being to
gether on one evening, but after a
while the girls and boys would go out
every evening and a,s an excuse would
merely say, "Rehearsal."
A petition accordingly was circulated
by the paVents and presented to the
priest. It requested him to discontinue
the rehearsals. They had heard of kiss
ing and hugging behind the scenes,
they declared, and- even in the play a
youth and a maid were allowed to
embrace and osculate. The priest will
not listen to the petition of the parents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
New Jersey Rector Doss Not Heed
Petition of Parents of Members of
His Dramatic Society.
Adds That He Hopes It Will
Lead to the Altar in
Due Time.
He Encourages Boys
, and Maids to
Spoon.
SPARKING
INDORSED
BY PRIEST
"The illustrious head of the Russian fatherland, together with the whole
of Russia, prays for you, blesses you for your heroic deeds. Strengthened
by this prayer and the small consciousness of the importance of the task
that has fallen to us, we must go forward fearlessly, with a firm determi
nation to do our duty to the end without sparing our lives. *
"The will of God be with us all."
"Our army, strong in its union with the Emfteror and all Russia, per
formed great deeds of heroism for the fatherland In all our wars and gained
for itself well-merited renown among all nations. Think, at every hour, of
the defense of Russia's dignity and rights in the Far East, which have been
Intrusted to you by the Emperor's wish. Think, at every hour, that to you
the defense of the honor and fame of the whole Russian army has been
confided.
"If the regiments which already have been sent out prove Insufficient.
fresh troops will arrive, for .he inflexible wish of the' Emperor that we
should vanquish the foe will be inflexibly fulfilled. Heretofore, the enemy,
in operating, bas relied on his great forces and disposing his armies so as to
surround us; has chosen as he deemed fit his time for attack; but now the
moment to go to meet the enemy, for which the whole army has been long
ing, has come, and the time has arrived for us to compel the Japanese, to
do our will, for the forces of the Manchurian army are strong enough to
begin a forward movement. Nevertheless, you must be unceasingly mind
ful of the victory to. be gained over our strong and gallant foe. In addition
to numerical strength, in all commands, from the lowest to the highest, the
firm determination must be to prevail, to gain victory. . "Whatever be the
sacrifice necessary to this end, bear in mind the importance of victory to
Russia; and, above all, remember how necessary victory i3. the more
I speedily to relieve our brothers at Port Arthur, who for seven months have
heroically maintained the defense of the fortress intrusted to their care.
PEAYEES OF ALL EUSSIA FOE SOLDIEES. .
"COMPEL JAPANESE TO DO 0UE WILL."
I "The Emperor *has assigned for the conflict with Japan forces sufficient
to assure us , victory." AUjrllmcultles in transporting these forces over a dis
tahceTof 1^,000 VefsfsTare. -being' overcome in' a spirit of. self-confiiience and
with indomitable energy 1 and skill by Russian men in every branch and
rank of the service and every social position to whom has been intrusted this
work, which for difficulty in unprecedented In the history of warfare.
"In the course of seven months hundreds of thousands of men and tens
of thousands of horses and carts and millions of pounds of stores have
been coming uninterruptedly by rail from European Russia and Siberia to
Manchuria. :
"Attacked by General Kuroki's arir-- you marched through almost Im
passable mud, fighting throughout the day and extricating guns and carts
with your hands at night, and returned to Mukden without abandoning a
single gun, prisoner or wounded man, and with the baggage train entirely
intact. -
"1 ordered the retreat with a sorrowful heart, but with unshaken con
fidence that it was . necessary in order to gain complete and decisive victory
over the enemy when the time came.
"You left the positions you had so heroically defended, covered with
piles of the enemy's dead, and ¦> without allowing yourselves to be disturbed
by the foe and In full preparedness for a fresh fight. Af'.-r a five days'
battle at Liaoyang you retired on new positions which had been previously
prepared. After successfully defending all advance and main positions, you
withdrew to Mukden under most difficult conditions.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 9.— Following Is the text of an order of the day
issued by General Kuropatkin and dated October 2:
"More than seven months a'go the enemy treacherously fell upon us at
Port Arthur before war had been declared. Since then, by land and sea,
Russian troops have performed many heroic deeds of which the fatherland
may Justly be proud. The enemy, however, is not only not overthrown, but
in his arrogance continues to dream of complete victory.
"The troops of the Manchurlan army, in unvarying good spirits, hitherto
have not been numerically strong enough to defeat the Japanese army.
Much time is necessary for overcoming all the difficulties of strengthening
the active army so as to enable it to accomplish with complete success the
arduous but honorable task Imposed upon it. It is for this reason that, in
spite of the repeated repulse of Japanese attacks upon our position at
Tatchekiao. Liandiansian and Liaoyang, I did not consider that the time
had arrived to take advantage of these successes and to begin a forward
movement, and I therefore gave the order to retreat.
HEROIC DEFENSE AND MASTEELY EETEEAT.
COMMANDER OF MANCHURIAN FORCES
GIVES PRAISE TO HARDY FOLLOWERS
KlXO OF SERVIA. WHO TESTERDAT FOR A BRIEF TIME DROPPED HIS I
ROBES OF STATE AND RECEIVED WITH IMPRESSIVE CEREMONY THE
SEAL. OF THE GRACE OF THE HOLY GHOST. v-^^muimi the
broidered carpet and where the Metro
politan, taking an Impulla containing
the Holy. Christ in one hand and the
anointing rod in the other, touched his
Majesty with the rod on the forehead
nostrils, mouth, ears, chest and palms
of the hands, making each time the
sign of the cross and saying: "The
seal of the grace of the Holy Ghost"
The King was then conducted to the
altar and partook of the communion
after which he returned to the throne
where he resumed his royal emblems. '
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 9.— One hundred
and fifty members of : the State Board
of .Trade of San Francisco arrived here
to-day in a special car. ; The party
came to visit the World's; Fair and to
morrow will be given a reception in the
California building.
Californians Reach St. Louis.
. LISBON^ Oct. 9. \^The; latest news
from ' Angola . shows that the disaster
to-the Portuguese force "in -the recent
fighting > with V the: Cuanahamas - in
Southwest' Africa^ is more serious than
was at ' t first > reported, , the; number -of
killed being greater:., The .Government
intends to, send a large^mnitlve expe
dition composed of . regulars to the dis-
_PprtnBal,tq > .Punish;Natives.
MUKDEN, Oct: 9.—NemirovichDan
chenko in a dispatch says:
/'General £ Kuropatkin's . order to ad
vance, which : was read to the troops
after Ja church service October 2,
evoked wild enthusiasm. It was a beau
tiful -day.' Officers " and ' soldiers' were
packed '.^ around General Kuropatkin's
train," the steps of which /were used for
a pulpit, "from which Father J Golubeff
preached to a multitude that stretched
farther; than .' his voice could : carry.
Father - Golubeff < uttered . 'a- •'. fervent
prayer < for victory,; and raising a cross
aloft ' and turning ', to' the 'general said:
'The ¦ ancients commanded . their sons to
Kuropatkin's Order , to Advance
Arouses Soldiers of Russia.
CREATES ENTHUSIASM.
Russian Railroads Busy.
- CHELIBINSK. Russia. Oct. 9. —
There is the greatest actlvtity on the
railroad. Men. munitions and artil
lery are passing through, bound east
ward. The men are provided with
warm clothing and travel In comfort
able Siberian carriages.- all in good
condition.
31inlster to Come Home.
, WASHIXGTOX. Oct. 9. — Edward V.
Morgan. United States Consul at
Dalny, who never was able to take hia
post because it was in the midst of the
theater of war. has cabled the State
Department from Shlakwan for per
mission to return to the United States
and this has been granted.
Dowager Empress, 111.
LONDON, Oct. 10. — Seriously
broken down by her Red Cross labors,
the Dowager Empress of Russia has
been confined to her bed since 'her ar
rival here.
WAUKEGAN, 111.. Oct. 9.-This after
noon at Zion City, John Alexander
Donie spoke on politics, basing his
theme on the topic "The Nation's
Choice of President." He said that Zion
was to use its influence pleasing to God
and that is what all should do. Dowie's
Theocratic party is for the rule of God
"Instead of it being a government of
the people, by the people and for the
people, it should be of the people, by
God and for God, and that is what we
are going to vote for." said Dowie.
'•The politicians of to-day may be com
pared to a pack of cards; the more
they are shuffled, the dirtier they get
The more politicians are thrown here
and there the dirtier they become. The
people of this land cannot be wisely
governed as long as they are governed
by thmselves. Men can never be wise
as long as they want to advise. Man
was made by God and was made in
ferior to him; therefore. God 6hould
rule &nd ire intend that he shall rule."
«
Says Politicians, Like Cards, Become
Dirtier Every Time They
Are Handled.
DOWIE VOICES OPINION
OF THE GAME OF POLITICS
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 9.— Society is
discussing the engagement, of Miss
Sellers, daughter of the late David
Sellers'," to Clinton Bidwellof Pittsburg.
By the announcement it became known
that Miss Sellers- had refused Baron
Franz Edward von Hertz-Chenberger.
captain in the Royal Guards of the
Australian empire.
Miss Sellers met the Baron in London
about a year, ago. They were frequent
ly seen together, and when the Baron
followed' Miss Sellers and her mother to
Berlin society believed it would hear of
another international engagement.
Miss Sellers Prefers Clinton Bid well of
¦ Pittsburg to Baron Franz Ed
ward Von Hertz- Chenberjjer.
MISSOULA. Mont., Oct. 9. — One of
the worst freight wrecks which has
occurred on the Rocky Mountain di
vision of the Northern Pacific in many
years took place early to-day about
five miles east of Garrison, Mont. An
extra easibound freight had orders to
meet three sections of a westbound
train at Big Bend, but owing to a mis
construction of his orders the en
gineer of the extra pulled out ahead
of time and met the second section
of the westbound train in a deep cut
while both trains were running at a
high rate of speed.
Fireman Bowman of the extra was
killed and two other trainmen slightly
injured. Freight cars loaded with
freight for the Orient . were piled
twenty feet high and the wreckage of
both trains was scattered along the
track for a considerable ; distance. It
was impossible to build a track around
the wreck on account of the' deep cut
and traffic ¦ was delayed i for l eighteen
KourS. y^**?&r'5¥ l *i&£££§l3i&tgs*-' '¦ "'¦ •
Fireman Killed and Two Trainmen
Injured as Result of Accident
in Montana.
PHILADELPHIA GIRL WILL
NOT WED TITLED FOREIGNER
FREIGHT .TRAINS COLLIDE
OX THE XORTHERX PACIFIC
CHEFU. Oct. 9. — The increased ac
tivity of the Japanese fleet blockading
Port Arthur in the stopping of mer
chantmen ia due to a lookout which
is being kept for three British ships
which, It Is suspected, intend to at
tempt to enter Port Arthur with
tinned meats and vegetables.. The
British steamer Victoria was stopped
nead Weihaiwei this evening and the
above explanation was made to her
by the Japanese boarding officer.
Japanese on Lookout for British Ves- *
sel3 With Provisions.
ACTIVITY IS EXPLAINED.
Kelley on'? Monday last was seized
while on the- way to Kalama to get a
marriage license by two men whom he
did not „ know, one of them being > dis
guised as a woman. The, men took him
into the woods, ; bucked, «gagged and
tied him .to: a tree.. He was discovered
by a hunting dog." whose bark attracted
a passer-by to the scene. Kelley, , it is
stated, will probably recover.
KELSO. Wash., Oct. 9.— Miss Lulu
Ward, the fiancee of M. Kelley, the
young man found on Friday almost
dead as the result of a horrible white-:
cap outrage, to-day obtained a" mar
riage license and was married this aft
ernoon to Kelley.
"I want»to nurse the man who ha.1
suffered for my sake," she said.
Mrs. Kelley has her | suspicions as to
the perpetrators of the crime. She sus
pects a man named . Baker, who in
Council Grove, Kans.,- the former home
of herself and Kelley,. proposed to her
and was rejected. He ' has been seen in
Seattle and in Portland. On Thursday
a note written upon the back of a love
letter from his fiancee to Kelley and
telling his whereabouts and condition
was found pinned ; to ' the door of Sam
uel Colwin's house.' ¦¦ . ¦ "¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ZICHA. Servia, Oct. 9.— The anoint
ing of King Peter was performed here
with great ceremony this morning. At
9 o'clock, amid the pealing of bells,
the King, in full coronation robes,
proceeded to the church, where the
Metropolitan, attended by an array of
Bishops and clergy, celebrated high
mass. The King, then formally Invited
to anointment by •"*<• Bishop?, laid
aside his crown, regalia and eword and
proceeded to the Ikonostas, where he
took up his position on a gold em-
Miss Lulu Ward Says She
Wants to Nurse Man Who
Suffered for Her Sake
"Viceroy Alexieff arrived from Har
bin October;*? to say farewell to Gen
eral Kuropatkin, in view of the lat
ter's departure for the front, and Vice
roy Alexieff *s probable ¦ return to Rus
sia. • .
. "We left Mukden the afternoon of the
same day amid the cheers of the sol
diers, : for the purpose of overtaking
the regiments on their way to the front.
"The menarenow thoroughly rested
and equipped and there is . no trace
of the fatigue shown at - Liaoyang.
There is a very different spirit 'abroad
than that noticeable on. the retreat
from Tatchekiao. ¦
"Regiments are arriving from Rus
sia in fine condition. The men are in
"It is true that the army is now fit
to measure itself with Its Japanese
foes. Kuropatkin has gathered up re
inforcements and welded an incomplete
army into a compact whole* and is
ready to ; advance against what we
have reason to know is. a brave and
clever enemy-
return with their shield, or on it. I say
to you, go forward with the cross,
trusting in Christ.*
"His words were received in solemn
expectancy by the men who did not yet
know a forward move had been deter
mined upon, though there had been a
period of preparation that had aroused
strong hope. The crucial moment came
after the service. The "St. George Cross
was distributed, the Ussuri Cossacks
and the men greeting the names of
Skobeleff and Adzioff, the great Rus
sian heroes, with loud cheering. Then
came the march past before the new
wearers of the St. George Cross. Kuro
patkln, who meanwhile was standing
behind the newly decorated men, smiled
grimly and stepping to the front read
personally the announcement for a for
ward movement. This was received by
deafening cheers as far as It was heard
and understood, 'but quicker than print
ed copies of the order could circulate
the announcement went from camp to
camp and from bivouac to bivouac, the
men acting like schoolboys on vacation
when they learned what was in the
wind. ¦ - , •
" 'Now It Is our turn,* is heard every
where in the ranks. The veteran who
fought with Skobeleff we left at Muk
den in fine trim. The gray haired old
Turkestan fighter seems to have grown,
quite young out here."
better spirits the nearer they get to
the front.
WEDS VICTIM
OF WHITECAPS
PORT HUROX, Mich.. Oct. 9. —
Six employes of the Grand Trunk
Railway were suffocated to-day by coal
Eras in the St. Clair tunnel, which runs
under the St. Clair River from Port
Huron to Sarnia, Ontario. A coal
train broke in two while passing
through, the tunnel and three mem
bers of the train crew were suffocated
while a part of the train lay stalled
in the tunnel. The engineer pulled
out with his engine, but returned and
lost his life in an endeavor to push the
stalled cars back to safety. Superin
tendent A. S. Begrg; and another man
perished in attempting to rescue the
others. The dead-:
A- S. BEGG, Port Huron, superin
tendent of the terminals.
JOHN' COLEMAX, engineer. Port
Huron.
CONDUCTOR SIMPSON. Sarnia,
Ontario.
CONDUCTOR STILET. Sarnia,
Ontario.
BRAKEMAX M'GRATH. Sarnia.
BRAKEMAX ELLIS. Sarnia.
Fireman Fred Forester, with great
presence of mind, jumped into the
partly filled water tank of the engine,
where there was enough air to pre
serve his life, althoueh he is In a seri
ous condition to-night. Forester was
in the tank nearly two hours before
he was rescued and his escape is
little short of miraculous.
Brave Engineer Enters Gas-
Filled Tunnel to Rescue
Comrades and Perishes
DIES IN TRYING
TO SAVE LIVES
. Chinese reports of the Japanese
movement state that Lieutenant Gen
eral-Fushimi, with two divisions, is
moving to flank the Russians. His
force is \ already on the . Liao River,
within twenty-two miles of Simmintin.
A simultaneous movement, it is under
stood." is being carried out by General
Kuroki to the eastward with the object
of striking the railway and flanking the
Russians out, of Mukden, as was done
at Liaoyang, but the conditions are
now rather different. jjft&Bj
MUKDEN, Oct. 9.— The Russian for
ward movement has begun, and Bent
siaputze has been captured with a
small loss. In order to gain a clear un
derstanding of the situation, It may be
stated that two days ago the Japanese
divisions confronted the Russians north
of the Taitse River. Their left flank,
consisting of two divisions, was on the
railway at Sandiapu. thirty' miles
southwest of. Mukden and. close to the
, Hun ; River. -VThelr, center, of
four divisions, occupied the railway be
tween, the. liiaoyangr and ehandiapntze.
twelve miles noth. Two more divisions
occupied , the extreme Japanese right,
along the road between^ Bentsiaputze
and Bensihu. Their .front extended
about fifty- two miles.
The position at Bentsiaputze was
strongly fortified and intended to with
stand attack. It is reported that Gen
eral Kuroki was there in person. The
Japanese had omitted to - fortify one
hill, which was the key to the position.
The ; Russians, aware of this omission,
made a wide detour eastward and
seized the hill with little opposition.
The hill, once occupied, exposed the
whole Japanese position' to a heavy
flanking fire. The Russians also turned
the Japanese right and, the fortified
positions thus becoming untenable, the
Japanese were forced to withdraw hur
riedly from Bentsiaputze, lighting a
rear-guard action, in which they suf
fered heavily. The Russian losses
throughout were small, although severe
opposition had been expected. .General
Mistchenko's Cossacks had been har
assing the Japanese outposts for sev
eral days and were entirely successful
in a number of engagements.
The Russian southern advance began
on October 4, with the occupation . of
Shakhe, a railway station. The next
day the station, which had been dis
mantled by, the Japanese, was restored
by, the railway brigade, following im
,mediately behind the fighting line, and
the . same brigade also restored the
bridge across the Shakhe River. On
October 6 General Mistchenko ad
vanced almost to the Yentai mines,
driving in the Japanese outposts with
heavy loss at an expense of only one
killed and five injured.
, The Russian forward movement be
ing made in the heaviest marching or
der, one sees everywhere whole com
panies of which every man carries a
large knapsack on his back, a rifle on
his shouder and a large kettle or tea
pot slung to his waist, while hanging
from the belt is the cartridge case in
front and a big wooden water bottle
and an axe, pickaxe, or spade on either
side. ' Altogether, with overcoats, the
equipment weighs 100 pounds. The sol
diers move steadily and cheerfully,
though the column looks more like a
pack train than an army. First-aid
stations of the Red ross are being or
ganized and the nurses are working
untiringly everywhere. Doctors and sis
ters of charity are going to the front
in Chinese . carts at the rate of two
miles an j hour over heavy roads, but
are cheerful and devoted as ever, in
spite of the imminent prospect of more
of the difficult and dangerous work un
der fire -which won them the undying
gratitude of the army at Liaoyang:. .
Troops of Mikado
Harassed by
Cossacks.
Fighters of Czar
Seize IQey to
Situation.
Little Brown
Men Forced
to Withdraw
'I CX.i v • 1
THE WEATHER.
Forecast toad* at Ean Fraadsco tor
thirty hours ending mldnirht. Octo
ber 10:
San Francisco and vicinity — Showers
Monday; brisk southerly wind.
O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecaster (temporarily In
chars*).
F THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "Lord and'Tidy Alnr."
CALIFORNIA— "The Tenderfoot.".
CENTRAL. — "Sh«."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
COLUMBIA— "The Office Boy."
FISCHER'S— "Down the Line."
GRAND— "The Burgomaster."
LYRIC HALL— "Much Ado About
Kotfclns."
MAJESTIC— "A Jananesa NJghtln-
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
Trv'QLI — "Der Raatelblnder."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 132.
The San Francisco Call.• Our Eastern selection of - frames and
moldings for fall trade now- In, better
and more ¦ beautiful - than^.. ever .before.
Sanborn, Vail & Co, 741 Market street. *
Picture Frames.
Lady Curzon Is Better.
walmer Castle. ;.oct. ¦ 9.— a
bulletin Issued : this : afternoon says :
'Lady Curzon ; passed ?* a comfortable
day,' this improvement X in
her condition ; being maintained." '
And \ play out thine appointed -part .."
And I thou eltalt reap as ' thou »halt so*,
. Nor helped nor hindered In : thy growth, -
'" To .thy -full stature thou shalt crow."
Rev. A. "A. McAllister pronounced the
benediction, after which the -orchestra
played the "Holy. City" and the follow
ers'of the Bear flag dispersed.
ROME/ Oc t 9.— The ; Prince Bishop
of Ascoli, who has . Written to J. P.
Morgan, asking forth© return of the
cope stolen from " the Cathedral at
Ascoli in 1892 and 'subsequently pur
chased :by;: J,- Pierpont . Morgan, has
requested Pooe Pius to, use his in
fluence to: obtain the return of the
cope. ; N . ' : : -';, "•¦•.- -
Requests Pontiff to Use Influence
;-; With Morgan to Secure Return
;^£ ' -TV ;'*of Stolen Cope. vi; Y.-
BISHOP OF ASCOLI ASKS
FOR. THE AID '; OF POPE
London Trade Signs Improving.
LONDON, Oct. 9.— The .improve
ment of the last week In. the i stock
market, was well maintained and con
fidence appeared to prevail that the
better conditions will continue. .There
are. many signs of improving trade.
Doctor Declares Louise of Saxe-Co
burg Is Sane and in No Need
of Restraint. .
ROME, Oct. 9.— Dr. Bossi. the
alienist, after a visit, to Princess
Louise of Saxe-Coburg, declared that
he found, in her no trace "of insanity,
which has been alleged as a reason for
keeping her under . restraint. He
added that, he found marks of violence
upon , the body of .the Princess. ';
ROME, Oct. 9.— Archbishop* Agius,
papal delegate to the Philippine
Islands, left Rome . to-day for - the
United States and the Philippines, i He
was accompanied to : the • station :by
Archbishop ChapeHe and Father
Sorignac, both of New Orleans; • a
number of Filipino students, several
prominent clergymen and- laymen and
other notable people. . '. v
Leaves Rome for United States.
MARKS OF VIOLENCE FOUND
W^v UPON BODY OF PRINCESS
The French Embassy lost a hand
some carriage," and others who lost
vehicles are Senators Wetmore, Dry
den and Fairbanks; Representatives
Hitt and Mrs. Westinghouse. "Two
hundred carriages on the, top floor
were destroyed, and about 200 on the
third floor were badly damaged.
Waddell, the Philadelphia baseball
pitcher, turned volunteer fireman, and
with a handkerchief tied across his
mouth entered the building" with . the
firemen. ' " : ' ¦
-WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. — Fire in
William F. Downey's livery stable in
it street, northwest, caused a' loss of
about $100,000. Some of the finest
carriages owned In Washington were
stored in the building and j were
burned. • ;
Causes a Loss of About
$100,000.
Blaze in Washington Livery Stable
PARIS, Oct. 9.— Embassador and
Mme. Jusserand, Mme. Rejane and
thirty members of her company and
M. Thery have sailed for New York
from . Havre on the French line
steamer \ La Tourraine. " M.1 Thery is
the champion French automobile
driver, winner of the International
Cup of 1904. He toolc with him the
car in which he scored his famous vic
tory, expecting to challenge the win
ner of the Vanderbilt Cup race. ;
Mme. Rejane goes first to Havana
and opens in New york on November
1. She stated that she was consider
ing a proposition to remain in New
York for a long time in . connection
with the establishment of a •dramatic
conservatory similar to the French
Conservatory. :
Tliery, the Motorist, and Hejane
on Way to America.
Emhnssador Jiisserand^and His Wife,
FIRE DESTROYS THE SWELL
EQUIPAGES OF DIPLOMATS
NOTABLES LEAVE FRANCE
FOR THE UNITED STATES
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 9. — An order
• was , made yesterday by the District
attorney of this county for the arrest
of Fred Venturi. aged 21 years, who
eloped with Roberta Tyler, who is
under 16 years old. The couple lied
to San Francisco, and the. mother of
the bride demanded that her young
son-in-law be prosecuted- for perjury.
To-night she telephoned to the police
. authorities that she has relented, and
asks that the prosecution be aban
doned. . •
SJoilier of Sixteen -Year-Old Sacra
; memo Girl For^ves Youth Who
.'.'.. ' Dopes With Daughter.
ORDERS GROOM'S ARREST
BUT LATER RELENTS
"Large universities," said Harper,
"because of ignorance, cowardice and
indifference, have given too little at
tention to religious education and have
lei the entire matter drift. The result
is that nothing tangible has been done.
Now there is beginning to be a feel-
Ing that something must be accom
plished. Biblical history must be raised
to a level with other historical re
search. The college curriculum relat
ing to religious study must be aban
doned."
Special Dispatch to The CaU.
. CHICAGO. Oct. 9.— Theological semi
naries were called inadequate and un
.progreFsive and • churches were criti
cized as imDractical and too much
taken up with denominaUonalism by
Pre*icWnt William R. Harper of the
University of Chicago in his sermon
to the new students in Mandel Hall
to-day- His subject was "The Univer
sity acd Its Relation to Religious Ed
ucation." The discourse was a defense
of a liberal stand in religious matters.
He asserted that no theological semi
nary in the United States had solved a
reJigious problem in fifty years and de
clared that religious education- must
be taken out of these institutions and
given over to the universities. "
President Harper of Chicago
Asserts Before Students
They Are Not Practical
TAKES A SHOT
AT CHURCHES
Oakland Parlors
Hold Solemn
Service.
• OAKLAND." Oct. 9. — A great au
dience of Native Sons, of the Gold
en West listened this afternoon
with bowed heads to solemn mu
sic and feeling addresses in honor of
the members of the fraternity who
have died within the last twelvemonth.
The First Unitarian Church was
crowded at 2 o'clock with members
and friends of the order, whose an
nual memorial service was to be made
notable by' the presence of distin
guished men chosen to speak words
for the- dead to the living, as did the
Greeks when their fallen sons were
mourned by the city.
The skies were gray "and dun at the
hour set for the gathering, but the or
gan prelude, a Chopin funeral march,
played by.W. B. King, had not been
concluded before the stained-glass
windows, shone golden and green and
crimson as the light of the afternoon
sun. hidden for hours before, came
stealing through.
¦ The church platform was occupied
by prominent divines of the city and
orators, chosen to . take - part in- the
services. Singers of local fame" ren
dered hymns selected for their, beauty
arid . -appropriateness. "Each ' feature
was of value, sigfnlflca.nt and beautiful.
Maurice T. Dooling, grand third 'i vice
president of the order, delivered the
eulogy. He said in part: ' ,
We are here to pay tribute to the dead, ¦ to
dwell with tenderness upon their memory, to
muse for a little while upon their lives and
work, and mourn In public, with fitting cere
mony, their passing away. The griefs we have
FUffered In private it is here appropriate to in
dulge, with no attempt to conceal the feeling
in our hearts. ¦ It is decorous- that- we
should do this, that we should pause in- the
swift movement we ourselves make toward the
grave and give appreciative attention to the
memories of the brothers who have preceded
us to the grave. Such moments are of price
less value. They serve to withdraw us from
the earth, to help us fix our thoughts upon
higher things. . - ¦ -
It is . significant that all of us have an In
stinctive yearning to be remembered after
death by those we have known and loved and
mingled with on earth. This instinct makes
the philanthropist more kind, the wise more
diligent, and the good more just. Each thinks
of what posterity will say when he Is dead.
We wlfrti to be mourned, revered and. held In
tender love when the grave ha» covered , ua,
and this wo new do for our dead. • ¦ . .
Those of our. order who have died during the
last year were even as others, and as we are.
We consider them to-day, in memory, as we
hope ourselves to be remembered. I shall not,
tbough go Into details, or personally eulogize
our dead. That is not necessary. There are
others here who could speak In softer .tones
than I for they better knew and so; more
dearly loved those we mourn. But yesterday
those now dead stood here. We eound a dirge
for them, but there ia no discord in the dirge.
The Northwest is owned by Rigsby &
Clark t>f Market street, San Francisco,
who have been notified by the mill com
pany. They have asked the company
to take charge of the vessel awaiting
developments. The vessel is partly
loaded.
. Smith is about 60 years old and was
not in the* best of health when last
Been. He is said to be a man who
never touches liquor. Foul play or sui
cide is feared. The men have been re
leased from jail.
PORT TOWNSEND, Oct. 9.— Captain
A. C. Smith, master of the barkentine
Northwest, has been . missing since
Tuesday of this week. The Northwest
'is lying at Port Hadlock. Tuesday Cap
tain Smith, with two of his crew, A.
Nelson and Henry Arto, came here. The
men were in charge of an officer, who
escorted them to the Justice's Court,
where Captain Smith swore to a com
plaint charging the men with assault
and battery upon his person.
Smith's story was to the effect that
ther two men had come to him the even
ing before and demanded money. He
was not able to accommodate them,
and was attacked and beaten. The men
had a different tale, and the trial was
set for the next day on account of the
absence at that time of -an essential
witness. When the case wag called
Captain Smith failed to put in an ap
pearance, and t.his waa repeated the
next day, the case having been again
postponed.
Since that time the police of this city
have used every effort to learn Captain
Smith's whereabouts, but to no pur
pose. ' He has not returned to his ves
sel, and the Northwest is now in com
mand of Second Mate Stevens.
gpoclal Dispatch to The Call
Is Attacked by Two of His
Grew, Has Them Arrested,
and Now He Is Missing
FOUL PLAY IS FEARED
L>lke all other human institutions, this' order
has its shortcomings; in some things It may
not at all tiroes have made rood, but no man
will ever truthfully say of us that we have
failed In chanty, and no brother is there but
feels our record Is due In large measure to
the encouragement to active charity resulting
from the exhortations and precepts of the order.
And so, I f«el that our ' memorial service
to-day, in addition to the tribute it is meant to
be to- our departed dear ones, subserves an
end and a purpose In the grand plan of mu
tual helpfulness on which this order rests. It
Is an <--ncouragemont of the active, spiritual
life. This scene Is an aid to many of us.
It is a '. recognition of the spiritual - life.
It Is good to be here. It Is good by our pres
ence to say to each other that we believe in
the spiritual life. It Is good. In this age to
say by our presence that we believe In God
not In an unintelligent, cosmic force, but in
the 'God -rrho marks the swallow's fall* It Is
rood by our presence to proclaim our belief
in the immortality of the soul. To many a
brother it is a distinct spiritual encourage
ment. • • •
To every brother here this memorial service
Itself, In its way. makes for righteousness. It
is a reminder of the fatuity • of mere human
glory or worldly success — that the spirit of
mortal should never be proud. Of what bene
fit to have amassed riches, or to hare bean
Intimate with- the powerful and. the mighty T
"Six feet of earth make us all of one size "
This scene exhorta you. encourages you, speaks
to you In many tongues. In th» language of
the philosopher, it begs you to exercise the
freedom of your will in behalf of everything
that Is right and true and beautiful. In the.
language of the theologian It exhorts you to
correspond by your active, personal endeavor
.with the visitations of the grace of God. In the
language of th« every-day layman it reminds
you of the spiritual life and encourages vou
to. right action, to lead honest, decent' and
upright llTes— not to let evil overwhelm you
but to be the caotaln of your soul. ¦. Uitt us
thy heart: ; K
-"By thln« own soul's law learn to lire,
¦And If men thwart thee rive no heed.
And if men hate tb«e have no care.
Sine thou thy song and do thy deed;'
Hop« thou thy hope and pray thy prayer
. and claim no crown, they will not give,
Nor bays, they .trudge thee for. thy hair. ..,
"Keep thou thy soul's sworn steadfast oath.
'And to thytwert. be true thy heart.
; What thy soul teaches learn to know
From one ,-year's end to another too many" of
u? have no adequate idea of. tbe perspective ¦ol
the problems, pf -life till we stand in. this pres
ence of deaths Too many of us move- along aa
If hynotized by the storm and &treas of occu
pation in the outer world, till the death of a
near one brings us to our sen.-iag and shocks us
into a realization of the spiritual life. For
these and also for those who have all their
lives struggled to obtain in Some practical
way a right apprehension of the reality of the
spiritual life it is good to meet once a year in
a servioe in memory- of those who -have gone
before us and to" voice in the simple language
of every-day life the thoughts that arise within
u « — to grow serious and to realize the limita
tions of life if but for an hour. * • •
If I mistake not our inculcation of the prin
ciples of friendship, loyalty and charity. It is
for the purpose ':of encounur'ng one another in
the practice of those virtues in some active
way In our every-day lives. To what end our
praise of friendship if not an invitation to
practice It in our dally lives? To what pur
pose our recalling the historic incidents of
friendship— Damon and Pythias — the pioneers—
the drop of water in th.e desert— the crust of
bread in the- snowbound canyon, and all the
unnumbered others — if not ; an exhortation to
Imitate and exemplify this noble virtue, strong
as the oak and the granite, deeper than 'pas
tiion, better than : love— rthe pure, undying
friendship of man for man?.
Our lessons In loyalty we're never meant to
promote a mere academic Interest in civic af
faire — to bo divorced from the ordinary duties
and burdens of life and to be practiced only In
fair weather. He is no true Native- Bon who
simply admires loyalty, cr who can upon oc
casion grow eloquent upon Its beauties, and
who yet falls to do his duty to the State, or
the nation, at -whatever cost, when the summons
comes. Wherever we -fail to promote active
co-operation for the best Interests of society,
wherever we fall to build up an active public
spirit for the betterment of our fellow men,
whsrever we shirk the common, every-day du
tie* of the citizen we have failed In loyalty.
Active work and self-abnegation ia all that
will count. Be our ritual never so splendid,
if we only produce a Pharisee who wraps his
robes about him. and thanka his God he is not
as other men. we fail. Nothing short of the
acted life Itself will count. The whole purpose
of "the Inculcation of this doctrine is not mere
ly to create a mere mental realization of the
nobility and beauty of loyalty, but to encour
age our brothers to aid the State, and at all
times, under whatever stress, in whatever
presence, at ' whatever cost, to do their clvlo
d-ity - ...
And our principle of charity — how un
thinkable and farcical it would be. if not an
active principle. And to what end are .our
lessens, if not an encouragement of this
activity? On no charge do we linger more
lovingly than that of charity. None is . more
beautiful. Tet the reputation of this order
will not rest upon its mere appreciation of
tbe transcendant beauty of our lesson j In that
divine virtue, but in the active promotion of
the ' virtue, the practice of which that lesson
One jTear ago at our memorial services the
day was "bright and dear and It seemed
ftrance that we should have come from the
outer sunshine Into the shadows of the memo
rial hall. To-day the clouds have gathered
and under such circumstances It reminds us
of thln-s that are silent. Bat we must, re
member, as Lonfrfrtlow has said, that the
shadows and the rain must .come" to us at
some time. Our brothers have passed away,
but like unto shadows that creep up the moun
tain side the darkness will soon disappear
in the rays of the sun.
We must not forget ; the pioneers whose
places we fill in this great community. We
must remember their tolls In what was a
strange, unknown" and unmeasured land. We
are of that race; the dead were of that race. AVe
have bound ourselves together to keep alive
our traditions. We -are the book In which
their lives are repeated. •"' ''
Miss Eugenia Barker." sarig "Resigna
tion." a composition by Caro Roma,
and H. Williams rendered a tenor solo.
Ex-Judge John F. Davis then delivered
an oration,. offering a splendid testimo
nial to the dead* He said:
' Y JUDGE DAVIS' OKATIOxl
In accordance with an annual cus
tom that has been in vogue for several
years with the parlors of the Native
Sons of the Golden West, the beautiful
memorial services in remembrance of
the deceased members of the order were
conducted yesterday afternoo.n at Na
tive Sons' Hall on Mason street.
Despite the gloomy weather the spa
cious hall was filled with daughters and
sons of California, together with many
specially invited persons. The hall was
simply dressed with flowers, bear flags
and the national colors. Prominent
officers of the order were. on the olat
forrn. Instrumental music, with an oc
casional-vocal selection, was chosen for
the exercises.
Chopin's "Funebra" was rendered by
Fitzgerald's orchestra. The opening
remarks were spoken by the chairman.
Judge Frank H. Kerrigan, who said
that what waa being done by the Na
tive Sons of San Francisco upon the
sacred occasion had become custom
throughout the State of California. He
declared the solemn services in memory
of dead brethren one of many marks
of respect that helped to make one
feel a further interest in the community
in which Californians live. Acts of love
and respect could render it a still bet
ter home.
After an affecting rendition of "Lead.
Kindly Light," by the Knickerbocker
Quartet, Rev. A. A. McAllister. U. S.
N. t retired, delivered the invocation
and paid splendid tribute to the men
whose names grace the tablets of
brotherly remembrance. His words were
brief and full of feeling and visibly
moved his listeners.
. -Secretary Charles Boldemann read the
list of "Our deceased brothers." in
which' are - the names of yourijr. men
who have died during the last year and
who* in their time were leading spirits
in the typical Callfornian organization.
Eighteen parlors have ex-members on
this treasured roll of honor. As soon
as Secretary Boldemann returned to his
seat Forest Dabney Can- sang- "Sleep."
by Jacques Blumenthal, in a rich
bass voice, and selections from Liza
Leumaun's compositions. The eulogy
was then delivered by Judge Frank J.
Murasky. who said in part:
JUDGE MURASKY'S WORDS.
Captain Smith of Barkentine
Northwest Strangely Dis
appears at Port Townsend
Splendid Oration
and Eulogy
Heard.
MARINER DROPS
OUT OF SIGHT
MATIVE SOWS HONOR MEMORY
OF THEIR DEPARTED BROTHERS
SAFE ON WAY
TO THE ARCTIC
SEVEN SANTA FE
TRAINS STALLED
Railroad Situation Between
Word Is Received From the/
Los Angeles and Missis
sippi Eiver Is Serious
PLAN TO PASS POLE
Expedition of Amundsen,
Which Departed Last Year
BUSINESS IS HAMPERED
Mail Out 13 Days From Chi
cago Not Yet Delivered and
800 Passengers in Tieup
Purpose of Trip to Throw
Further Light on Subject
of Terrestrial Magnetism
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 9.— The situa
tion . between here and the Mississippi
River States is becoming a serious mat
ter, for business men of this section
are. depending upon the prompt deliv
ery of goods. One of the biggest block
ades in the history of Western rail
roading is in an unprecedented tangle
at El Paso. Seven long Santa Fe over
lands.,are stalled, being unable to. get
up to Albuquerque, where they could
come in over their own line, and unable
to be hauled by the Southern Pacific
because that road has troubles of its
own/
—Rock- Island and Southern Pacific
trains are playing for positions to get
under way for Los Angeles. The Cali
fornia limited from Cmcago has been
abandoned until the Santa Fe system is
opened, and with traffic tied up on the
Southern Pacific; the situation is be
coming alarming.
. It is estimated that 800 people are on
stalled trains between here and Chi
cago and that mail which left Chicago
thirteen days ago has not yet arrived.
As indicating the mix up in train
schedules it may be stated that the
west bound Southern Pacific overland
due to-day is said td be ahea'd of those
due yesterday and the day before.
Where it passed them is not known
here. /
DUNDEE, Scotland, ct. ?.— A whaler,
returned from Davis Strait, brings
news of the safety of Captain Amund
sen's Arctic expedition, which' left
Christlanla June 17, 1903. • > * .
Captain Amundsen's expedition \ has
been described as having for its pur
pose a task of the highest importance
in the domain of terrestrial magnetism.
The plan was to go first to King Wil
liams Land, on the east coast of Green
land, and then proceed for Bering
Strait. "If the plan should be carried
out, it would take the expedition almost
directly across the north pole. The
vessel on which the expedition sailed
is the- Gjoa, forty-six tons, yacht
rigged, having an auxiliary petroleum
engine. She was, equipped for a four
years' stay in "the Arctic regions.
Captain Amundsen is experienced irt
polar explorations, having accompanied
Gerlach's Antarctic 1 expedition in 1877
1879 as a first officer of the Belgica.
After .his return, -Amundsen consulted
with Professor Neumayer of Hamburg,
a leading authority on terrestrial mag
netism, who. informed him that expert
determination' of the earth's magnetic
north pole would be of great value to
science. • ' , ,
Davis Strait, whence . comes .the
report of the safety of. Captain Amund
son, connects Baftlns Bay with the At
lantic and forms the western- boundary
trf Greenland. . . . .. _. . ....
WILL START NEXT JUNE.
WELL. KNOWN ORATORS WHO
yesterday spoke at native
sons' Memorial, services.
Another Expedition to Go to the
America's Relief.
NEW YORK. Oct. 9. — W. S. Champ,
secretary of "William Zeigler, and who
had charge of the unsuccessful Frith
jof party, sent to search for the Amer
ica exploring party in the Arctic re
gions, has Just returned from Europe.
He says:
"The next expedition will start next
June, but it is Just possible that the
America will release herself this
month, although I do not think any
thing will be heard from her until
next year. There is no cause for
anxiety about her fate."
* : : — ; i.
POT MEN BACK
ON RIGHT PATH
Executors Discover "Golden
Bnle" Jones Befriended
the Defaulters of Toledo
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Oct. 9.— "Do unto
others as you would that others should
do unto you" was often preached by
"Golden Rule" Jones, the -lamented
Mayor of Toledo, In his lifetime. The
executors of his estate have discovered
that he followed the injunction liter
ally, giving away more than $100,000 a
year to save defaulters from arrest and
disgrace. There are 200 men in Toledo
for whom Jones indorsed notes. Bank
tellers, bookkeepers and confidential
men ; of large corporations who had
taken money from their employers to
.speculate or pay expenses of high liv
ing are included in this list.
In no instance has it been discovered
that any of these men ever returned
to their evil ways, and it has been
found that Jones never received back
any of the money- that he gave, nor
did he expect it.
MOVE IS DISCUSSED.
Critics Aroused by Kuropatkin's Order
to Advance.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— The new phase of
the war involved in General Kuropat
kln's stirring address to his army is
keenly discussed by English military,
critics. In the light of the probable
motives underlying Kuropatkin's de
cision to take the offensive it is not
forgotten how recently the Russian
plan of campaign was reported to be
to draw the Japanese northward in
order to attenuate their communica
tions, and hence there is greater sur
prise at what is considered a remark
able order. Various reasons are ad
vanced by the critics as having pos
sibly actuated Kuropatkin— first, that
Japanese inactivity led him to suppose
that he was stronger numerically; sec
ond, that intrigues connected with the
appointment of a new commander in
chief may have determined Kuropat
kin to Precipitate matters, and, third,
according to the English critics, by far
the most acceptable explanation, that
he again has been overruled from St.
Petersburg and is acting on imperial
orders.
"He seems to be thrusting his head
into the lion's jaws," says the Daily
Telegraph, "under instructions, from St,
Petersburg to givethe Czar victory at
any cost." • •
' Spencer Wilkinson, in the Morning
Post, takes similar jviews. He says
that Kurbpatkin's mention of the relief
of Port. Arthur and the fact that'im
mediately following the decision to send
out a second army, he is about to risk
everything in an attack by the first
army, suggests government pressure.
If so, Wilkinson says, his advance is
a sign of desperation; but if he is act
ing on his own judgment, it is a bold
move and he is a formidable antago
nist. •
While all the morninsr newspapers
comment in a similar vein, the con
sensus of opinion is that Field Marshal
Oyama has nothing: to fear from a
Russian advance and that he likely will
welcome the prospect of a decisive
battle, since it is . considered after
such an order further retreat is im
possible for the Russians without de
moralization; and, as Wilkinson re
marks, should Kuropatkln be beaten
now, ¦ nobody will expect the second
Russian army to succeed any better
than the first.
SPRING VALLEY, 111., Oct. 9.— An
Illinois Valley electric car jumped the
track on a sharp curve to-day. The
motofrrian sustained, broken ribs, the
conductor's legs and arm were broken
and fifty passengers received minor' in
juries. None was hurt seriously. The
car was demolished, turning over an
embankment-
FIFTY PASSEXGEUS HURT
IX STREET CAR ACCIDENT
As we do to-day so throuRhout the State all the
parlors of pur order mourn In pervlees similar
to this. All rivalries are forgot and we lay
garlanda on graves. • Their relations to us have
not ceased with their live?. Their Influence
abides. We enjoy the trult of . their work.
Their voices speak to us in the silence of the
night. They are an essential part of our lives.
Not great or famous, perhaps, they lived as
true men; they did what came to their hands;
they sleep - now. as- peacefully as do others
whose names may have filled the trump\of
fame. We have confidence in the mercy* of
our unseen Father v that in that mysterious
realm whjch now our eyes cannot jjierce they
rest, and all .is well with them.
The opening address was made by
Philip M.Walsh, Mho spoke .briefly in
explanation oif the character of. the
service-. R. M. Fitzgerald, past-erand
president, responded. He. spoke of the
work done bje'the. men who canie]..to
CalifonniaTin ttxk earljr.days.'the magni
tude ¦: of their ; . achievements. . and r , the
duty devolving upon their sons — native
sons— to continue and perpetuate the
work of the pioneers. ".
The invocation was delivered by the
Rev. E. E. Baker, and the benediction
pronounced by the Rev. "W. Carson
Shaw. The musical programme included
the following numbers; • •
Contralto solo, '"Abide With Me" (S. Uddle),
Mrs. Carroll-Xlcholson; cornet boIo, "The
Palms" (Faure). Thomas Valerga; barytone
solo, "My Prayer" (Gounod). E. T. M. Eckert;
Elks' Quartet, "Lead, Kindly Light" (Dykes),
E. S. Dowdle. Charles Hart. Charles L. Learn,
F. H. Ayers; bass solo, "Prayer" (Tost), Frank
Figone; Elks' Quartet, "Softly Now the Light
of Day" (Coll); postlude. "Funeral March"
(Beethoven).
The memorial committee included the
following: Li. ¦ M. Cobbledick. chair
man 4 , E. F. Garrison, secretary: F.
Barnet, treasurer; J. R. Knowland. H.
G; Williams, Frank Smith. J. J. McEl
roy, Henry Sagehorn, H. N. ¦ Gard,
George Gross, Al. Kihn, D. W. Doody,
Beach Dean.
; Members of the order who have .died
during the past 'year and the parlors
to which they belonged were: Alameda
Parlor No. 47, Andrew N. Peterson.
Peter H. A. Smith; Oakland Parlor No.
50, George L. Nusbaumer: Piedmont
Parlor No. 120. William G. Woods;
Brooklyn Parlor No. 151, Carl Cron:
Athens Parlor No. 195, William T. Gray.
THREE KILLED AND EIGHT
« IXJUltED BY EXPLOSION'S
SIGBUKG. Prussia, Oct. 9. — Ex
plosions have occurred in an ammu
nition factory here in which thre,e
persons were killed and eight injured.
In the room where the explosion oc
curred were 60.000 loaded shells and
100 men were at work in the apart
ment.
.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1904.
2
' • ; - ADVERTISK31EXTS.
If You Knew
You could, be relieved of that periodic or
chronic, nervous or sick headache In &
few minutes, would you continue to suf-
fer?
Especially when you are assured of the
fact that th« remedy Js perfectly harm-
Ires, and will have "absolutely no other
rffett except to relieve and cure the pain
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills
Will bring such relief, quick and sure
That i^not all. They will prevent and
cure all kinds of pain — Neuralgia, Back-
ache, Rheumatism. Menstrual Pains
¦Stomachache, .etc
" Gen. A. Jaoabs. merchant, Lima. Ohio
r^ominends Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills as
follows: -
,"1 am anxious that all should know
the virtue of these pills. I have used
them for years, and consider them mar-
velous in their Instantaneous relief of
headache and all pain, while they leave
no disagreeable after-effects."
Sold under a guarantee that first pack-
ape, will benefit, or druggist will return
your money. .
"25 doses, 25 cents. Never sold In .bulk.
fe ."PATENTSl ;)
X£^33Q MARKET ST. SJ^SmS^'
#% DIRI #% Ammunition. Huntlns; nai
I « 1 I H I V" Eportlr.e Goods. Largest
l_l I 111 Ftock. Lowest prices. Send
III llUll for catalogue.
UUIlW EHREVE ft BARBER CO..
- ;^ 78» Market st. and 621
• Keamy st. .
-\iu. -r. hess; ; :.v ;
Kotary Fufclio aad Attoraey-fct-I*w. ¦
Xe*Ui Floor. Room 1015, Claus Bpredfcels bid*.
Telephone Main 98S. .
.,- ---: Realde&oe. ¦ 1802 McAllister st. '¦ ¦
.*-.'- Besldence Telephone Pa«» 56U.-
AD V F. renSFTtlKN TS.
ANNOUNCEMENT
EAGLESON
(%CO.
America's Largest*
Retailers of
MEN'S
FURNISHING
GOODS
and SHIRTS
I Take pleasure In announcinr that thetT
\ importations are now complete and that
! they have on hand the largest and best
j stock of fall and winter ,
I UNDERWEAR
. , HOSIERY
GLOVES
NECKWEAR
SHIRTS, Etc.,
Ever offered ! to the public at San
. . ... Francisco.
: All Reliable Goods
Popular Prices
780-786~Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
Los Angeles and Sacramento
Shirt Factory -533-533-537 Market
Street
Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with. Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
| or your money returned. Price,
; 50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
I sale by all dealers and at office
| of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
j 28 California St., S. F., sent by
I mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. in.
q visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
iftUSEU® OF AMTOFm
A Cft 15ai(A3XlIS7.ttt.fcU7tt.g.7.Cil A
X " XS[ Th« Larrnt AaateaicxI Miuma ia tba \
A ,g.)t a Wcf'd. 1'. N1HIH1.C1 »r ti.f tOKTKltd A
T VVCcS] <!«•»« ps.ltlvalr ur.ih;tii gia.it T
O I.tTt fn I £>p«a*i»t on tbt Co lit. Eit. joy-tri. Q
A C^0h DR « J0RDAN-DISEASE3 OF ME.H 4
\ 1w££&fi Caa.ulnttaa fr« and fturtly Drttattt. \
A | JtSfii U Troiriuem pinoulf or b» !«tter. A Q
T B y TH B f—itir* Car* to mty case oaderraJtea. \
Aril It ft *m. tar But**. rmioaaritY me A
" i II* BA«BUS«. MAIUtD I'SSS. (Af
A A ll Ttiu»bl« bo»k far Bra) \
V DO. JOBDA* * CO.. 1051 Marktt8t..'s. r. 9
• IASTHMANOLAI
I» tha only euro for Hervom and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at MS HA1UHT ST..
San FrancUco, Cal.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers leave Broadway
: A»v^~sfiX wharves (Diers 9 and 11).
J /*V^_ S an Francisco:
/*V T%^^» For K«-tch:kan. "tVranK'l.
' I I VX^**^ \ I Ju-i.eau. Tieaiiwelis. Haine*'.
\ V \f"fcMa / / Skaguay, • etc. Alaska— H
\*i< \\ ¦ \'ett a- m-. October 12. 17. 22. 27.
VikSo* Not. 1. Change to tp\» com-
>i?A?(l5fcy' tally's steamer* at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes. South Bellinsham. Bellinirham — It
a. m.. Oct. 12. IT. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Chains* at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. ,i».
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay V— Pomona. 1:30
! p m . October 13. 1». 25. 31. Nov. 8. Corona.
! 1-30 p m.. October 4. 10. 1H. 22. 2S. Not. X
For Los Angeles (via 1'ort Los Angles and
Redondo), Sai. Diego ana Saata Barbara —
Santa Kcu>a. Sur..1ays.- !> a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m. - ¦•
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Kart
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. &=^ta Crua, Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis 'Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme. .- '.
Bonlta. 9 a.' m.. October 14, 22. 30. Nov. 7.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. October 10, 18. 2rt, Nov. .:.
For Enscna-ia. Magdalena Bay, San Jose <J->1
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Me*.). 10 a. m., 7th «ach mo.
Fur further information obtain folder. Rij;!-.t
Is reserved to chan* steamers or sailir.5 dat*>-.
TXCXET OFnCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st (Palace HMel). li> Market atf.and Brcaii-
way wharves. Trelffbt Offlce, 10 Market st.
C. D. DL'NANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market it.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter.«t.. wl!l
call for and che.-k baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312-
TOYo Kip kaisha;
(ORIENT At* STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leaTe Paciflo Hall wharf., cor-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. tor
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO calling at
Kobe (HIoko). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India etc No cargo recelTad on board on day
b! "'"aSerica mart; -
Wednesday. October 19. 19M
Via* Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at retfuce<J
rates For freJprht and passage apply at Cora-
nany's offlc« 421 Market street, corner First." '
v^ . W. H. AVEHT. General Agent.
bceanics.s.co.|i^jjs
B 8 ALAMKDA, for Honolulu. Oct. 9, 11 am
a' s' MARIPOSA. for TahltJ. Oct. 20. 11 a.m!
8* 8. VENTURA, for Honolulu." Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 20. 2 p. m,
I.D.SFRECXELS4BS03. OX, AztS.,TicX8tQaC3543Kir-
tgi" FielzlH Odes 329 Mafttt St. Pin 7.; PaciS: \i
COXPAGXIE BZN23ALS TBA53ATZ.A9TIQ7IA
DIRECT LD*B TO HAVRE- PARIS >.#>w
Sailing every Thursday Instead of Jf'Qfli
6aturday. at 10 a. m.. from PJer 43. ¦ -¥*•*'
North Rtrer, foot of Morton st. ¦-'
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Seo>
ond class to Havre. S45 and upward. OTaH-
EKAL AGENCY FOR UX1TED STATES AJfO
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson butldlog).
Wvw York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Paciflo Coast
Agents. 3 Montgomery avenue. San Frandtoo.
Tickets wold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO
STEAMER I1~I CORCORAN
Leaves 8. F.. Clay it.. N end of Ferry bide,
dally 9:30 a, m.. 3 and *i p. m. Sundays.
B:3O a. m.. 8 p. m.. leave Vallejo dally 8:50
a. ni.. 12:20 and 5:30 p. m. 'Sundays 5 p. m.
Fare 25c. P. A. O. Co. Phon« Main 841.
•Saturdays excepted. ' > • ¦ -_- ¦ l
Tor V. S. Wavy Yard and Vallajo.
Sirs. General Frlsbie, Monticello and Arrow,
9:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 8 p.m., 3:30 p.
m Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:15 a-m..
13:30 p.m., « p.m., 8:30 pm. Leave Vallejo, 7
a_m.. 0 a.m., 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., .3 p.m. Sun-
, days, 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 pm.. B p.m. Pier X
I ft. Mission it.; phone Mala 1503. HATCH BROS
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
-._' ..¦'''.' _ I
813 and 91 1-913 Market Street.
Three Days' Specials S^! 8^
GROCERIES
Humboldt Creamery Fancy Bed Salmon Imported German w*-
Bntter. . . 2-lb. m. 50c In porcelain jars 15c f era, all flavors
Eaitern Creamery But- Reg. 20c. . .dox. S1.65 Reg. 25c can'abo
ter. ......... .lb. 35o Golden Gate Matches Dainty, delicate, dea-
Eel Blver • Valley Extra parlor . . .... clous.
Creamery Butter.... 7.pkirs 25c prices soon m
„ Re e- sue sq. 35o Babbitt'. Soap THE TWO stdrt2
Fresh Soda Cracker*.. e bar« 25c nrcnw «««£ R HSn^
1-lb. carton. ..... .Bo Malted Bre^ist Fo^d t^SSsOV^iS^^
3-lb. carton. IBe I5o pkg 1 . tor 5c * TOWN'S KASKET.
Reg. 10c and 25c.- . - Predigested. wholesome Imported Italian Olive
ZTew Lacotortsra Sar- and rich.- •. - oil .. .gml. cans $1.65
dines. Reg. 25c . Pure Jams and Pre- Res. $2.ii>.
larsre *>4-lb. cans 15c serves. .2-lb. can 10c "Schlliinjr's Beat" Bak-
Ficnlc Hams. . . .lb. lOo Iie -- '¦ i " c - lnsr Soda. . . .lb. So
Fresh smoked and sweet. New Seeded Baislni. . Rer. 10c. v
Reg. 12%c : • 1-lb. carton. 5o Aberdeen Kippered
White and Bayo Beans Early Breakfast Coffee Herring 1 . "Smith's"
% £gSX£* ""• asc F I^h 1 ?o°itIa. 11) -- 81 -°° Tg?£VJ°*<* "•«
LlfiUORS
St. Jalien Claret. ... . ; jr. F. Cutter Whiskey. . 90VT F O B G E T —
Reg. 50c. ...gaL 30c Reg. 95c. . .bottle 7Oo SAME PBICE3 APPI.T
In any quantity. , Hennltajre Whiskey TO BOTH STORES—
Sirney's Kentucky 7 years old..bot. $l.i6 PHONE MAIN 890
Bourbon. Reg. $1.00 Bottled lir bond. OB SOUTH 222.
s££, 1 aemljolms 7So Old Beserve Scotch. . . • Pure Book] and Bye .
Bourbon., .bottle 80c „ -^ *-/ to catch cold— Keeo «-
French Vermouth .... Ouckanhelmer Bye. . . . • bottle on hand of
Reg. 60c. J. bottle 48c Reg. 90c. .bottle 65c "Lyon's" beat.
Mitchell's Cal. Prune Gold Lion Cocktails ... Finck's Golden Wed-.
Brandy. ..bottle 60o Reg. J1.10. ..bot. 85c din* «r*llon $3.25
I Pure distillation. Used a*. • AU kinds. x 10 years ol(T Kee. $4. to.
tonic, liqueur or bever- . Overton Bye . Wnlskey Old Tonic Port-.g"*l. 75o
age. Reg. 75e. Reg. $3.00. .gal. 32.33 Keep* you healthy and
• Old Hickory Bourbon 5 years old. well. Reg. $1.00.
Reg. $3.25. .gal. S2.65 Old Valley Bourbon. .. French Saxarac Brandy
' Oldest 'distillery: in'- Reg. $1.25. . .bot. 85c Reg. $4.00.. .ffal. 3.00
¦ America. . ./ Cook A Bernhelmer Co. __ Old imported. -'
v PHONES....MAIN 890 and SOUTH 222<•-'» It violates statute law.
i-D The supply of gold might increase be
yond all the circulations of the money power.
Thus the standard of value would get beyond
their control. In that event the money power
lttielf would change the standard. ¦
(4) The supply of gold might suddenly cease.
In that ev«nt contraction would at once, set In,
becausa the country's expansion in business
and Increase In population require a constantly
increasing volume of currency. If the horrors
of contraction should agaJja come upon ua by
There are at least five reasons why the
eold standard cannot be considered as fixed:
(1) it l* unconstitutional.
Whether the Wall street Influence which
produced the establishment of the gold stan
dard emanated from wiser heads than these
of Jefferson end Hamilton may be doubted
Beth of thwse great men served their country
a long time and died poor. In fixing bimetal
lism as a system and the silver dollar aa the
unit of value., they had no «clflsh motive
Two lofty minded statesmen agreed upon that
system as the rlffht system. It remained In
force, giving full satisfaction until the money
power In Us march of conquest found It to be
a barrier. The money power demands a Etan
dard which It can control, and one metal Is
easier to control than two. For the same rea
son It ODDOses governmental issues of paper
money, and will never content Itself until the
greenbacks are called In and destroyed.
To establish the single sold standard, which
sets the constitution aside, the statute had to
be violated. The word "coin" had to be con
strued to mean "cold only," and the paper
note, issued on silver, had to be redeemed in
a manner different from that prescribed by
law.
Once upen a time we had a financial system
of our own. Placed In the constitution as
St*.! « OU £ '""^mental law, it seemed to be
firmly fixed. For a hundred years this money
s>stem was In operation among us There
fore it seemed to be "irrevnchiv
fixed." Very w!*e men created •
•yst<-m of national finance. It was the one
subject upon which Thomas Jefferson and
Alexander Hamilton agreed. These two were
perhaps, the greatest statesmen this country
ever produced. So pre-eminent were they
above all others that they divided the people
into two olstlnct schools of political thought.
But. UDon the vital eubject of finance these
master minds reached the same conclusion,
and that conclusion became a part of the con
stitution.
How is It In our own land? God never made
a uf? n( l er hom * for h1s children than that
which the Cavalier in Virginia, the Dutchman
In New York and the Puritan In Massachu
setts sought as a refuge from the systems of
the Old World. In natural advantages this
earth holds no region superior to ours Once
it belonged to the people. With his gun. the
common man won it mile by mile from the
Indian, the Frenchman, the Saxon and the
Spaniard. What the common man did not
win with his gun he bought with his money.
From sea to sea the land which is ours be
came ours because the common man was ready
to pay for it with his tax money or his blood
What has become of It? With bewildering
rapidity It has been taken from the common
people and given to the corporations. It be
lonKed to the Government, to all the people
It was meant to supply homes to Individual
-cftlzens. and there was enough of It to last
for many generations. To the extent of about
200.000.000 acres, it has been given to railroad
corporations, and now when a common man
wants a home in all that vast domain he must
go to the railroad corporations to get It
A blacker chapter than that which records
how both the old political parties united to
despoil the common people of their land Is
not to be found in the annals of class legls-
Declared to Be Unconstitutional, Un
scientific and Wrons.
GOIiD STANDARD DEXOUXCED.
Did the people of Russia demand war with
Japan? Were tht-y consulted? Did they have
any grievance against the Japanese? No. The
Czar did not want the war; the people did
not want it. Who then forced Russia Into
• hat bottomless pit of blood and Buffering?
The corrupt ruling das* — the predatory capi
talists who were seeking new fields of con
quest. A score of gold-hunting nabobs pro
vcked the strife, and now the Russian peasant
mu«t yield up hl« body, throw the weeds of
widowhood around hte wife, wring the cry of
orphanage from the lips of his child and feed
the buzzards with hie rotting flesh. In order
that unscrupulous marauders may get their
clutches cpon more gold.
In Germany, pee how the war-lord struts
and swaggers and misgoverns. S»e him clap
men. women and children Into filthy dungeons
for the high crime of speaking disrespectfully
cf their Imperial master. See ho'w the soldier
ride* on the back of his producer. See how
the common people are ground down under the
¦wheels of a 6plendld. extravagant. Insolvent
militarism. See the millions wasted yearly on
tbe cereonal vanities of' the Emperor. See how
Yet. !i one really wishes to know the truth,
and will but look around him, he will observe
cyrnptoms which have always characterized
the <ii.w-.aM-d nation when afflicted by class
legislailon.
Hut these thir.gs happened so long ago;
they fcar>j»ened to people of another race; In
modem times and among the white races such
mlirgoverr.ment would be Impossible. Self
complacent Ignorance of the present day takes
that k:r.d of comfort to Itself, and blandly
congratulates Itself upon the fact that legisla
tive vysterr.s of robbery are things of the past.
Editorial writers, whose papers are owned
ai.d salaries paid by the pets of class legisla
tion, lose no opj>ortunity of patting the self
complacent ear« on the back, and of strength
ening his belief that all Is well with the re
public. Clars !<-Ei»-latlon did, once upon a
time, lead great nations to ruin — but that was
long ago. Class legislation is the same old
tree, but the fruit is not the same. Thus
eaycth thf subsidized editor; and, the self
complacent sage who knows that all Is well
with our republic, purrs with satisfaction, and
thinks highly of the editor.
When two great political parti's have, in
turn, governed a country, and have between
them, brought about unsatisfactory conditions,
it is but a natural fact that a third party
should arise. Citizens who have looked in vain
lo '-the two great parties" for remedial legis
lation lose confidence in both after a while,
and cdopt one of two courses: they either
submit to the evils of bad government, or pro
f«t by organizing a third party.
To the istude&t of history, there is nothing
more saddening than the tendency of the peo
ple to submit. Ais a rule, political education
never reaches the masses. Statecraft, like
prlestcralt. Jealously guards Its secrets. There
Is always the lnn«-r sanctuary which the peo
ple *r* taught to believe would be profaned by
the touch of their unholy feet.
Again, in organized government there Is a
irysterious reverence for authority. "What
ever Is. Is right" to th« unthinking multi
tude; and the votaries of power never ©ease
to d«pen that Impression. Thus, partly from
ignorance and partly rrom reverence for es
tablished authority, the people, in every age,
have ehown more inclination to submit to bad
government than to resist It. The crimes
which have been committed under forms of
law by ruling classes against subject masses
elmost stagger belief. They have been so de
liberately cruel, so relentlessly selfish, so
Ehamefully unjust, that the blood of the stu
dent bpils within him as h« reads the record.
What was the purpose of the law maker In
forming such heartless legislation? The motive
was to render permanent the rule of the few,
the privilege* of the f«w. the power and the
¦weaJtJi of the few. Always and everywhere
the result of this sort of legislation has been
the same — It defeated Itself; and the aristoc
racy Jell with the etate which It misgoverned.
Thoee who rule by corruption, being corrupt
themselves, sap the very foundation of social
and political order; and when th«re Is nothing
in tho mifses of tie people but tame submis
sion to tyranny, there is no robust strength
l«-ft to meet the enemy, within or without.
A handful of Englishmen are able to hold
Egypt down, and plunder Its people In the In
terest cf the Rothschilds and other holders of
bonds signed by decadent and helpless Khe
dives. Why? Because the life had bwn taken
out of those poor creatures by centuries of mis
rule. The common man, in Egypt, has been
<!lrt under the teet of masters so long that he
h»s come to believe that he is dirt, and noth
ing more. See how the two hundred millions
of Hindoos a:e held down by one hundred
thousand British! See fcow they submit to be
eo closely ehorn by English plunderers that at
thti least breath of t&mlne they perish by
millions. Hew was that horrible situation
nuiif possible? Centuries of misrule did It.
Soulless aristocracy, thinking of its own In
terests only, kill«d the eplrtt of the people by
atrocious laws. When the evil hour came end
India needed robust manhood to defend the
empire, no robust manhood was there. The
rules were effeminate, weakened by their won
v<-a!th. their own pelf-indulgence, their own
monopoly of power, privilege and opportunity.
The subject cIbjeeps. on the other hand, had
submitted so long, had been slaves so long,
thft tne Instinct of patriotism was lacking:
and to the new yoke of the British the patient
ox submitted. To be an ox and wear a yoke
R»d \* •.'..- f •.:;¦] nature to the wretched
Kwcr data Hindoo.
Committee on Notification
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Oct. 9.— Thomas
E. Watson, the nominee of the Peo
ple's party for President, has sent the
following letter of acceptance to Sam
uel XV. Williams, chairman of the Noti
fication Committee;
To Hon. Samuel W. Williams, Chairman
See Great Britain, with its lands monopo
lized by a few hundred lords its legislation
controlled by property interests and its hordes
of homeless poor crying for bread along the
streets of the richest cities in the world. Con
sider these legions of the homeless. Look into
those tenements, packed, like sardines in a box
with hungry men, women and children. Think
of the morals Inseparable from such conditions
Think what passions must rage under the
ragged shirt of the workman who stops in
the street to pick up the remnants of food
which are foul enough to turn the etomach of
a well-kept dog. Think of the multitudes who
sprawl about the parks, skulk under bridges,
prowl through slums-^not by ten* but
by thousands; not in one city, but 'in all
cities. Millions of human beings God-created
men and women, fashioned out of the clay as
ourselves. In all esentlal respects the same
eort of folks we are; yet they euffer they
starve, within eight of the synagogue within
earshot of the preacher, who is holding forth
to his hearers upon the loveliness of the creed
of Christ— the Christ who never owned a home'
and never carried a purse, and who under some
of our statutes might have fared hard as a.
vagrant.
See how Italy is harrowed by the tax-gath
erer, who squeezes out every possible penny
from the common people in order that there
Bhall be maintained an idol aristocracy and
an exaggerated militarism. In that unhappy
land, eo richly blessed by. nature, misrule has
been eo flagrant that half of the people never
have enough to eat.
the emart young officers cut down with their
swords the private soldier or the private citi
zen, and escape punishment. See how this
proud Emperor sends to penal servitude for
seven years a poor devil of a private eoldler
who has expressed a wish that the swift train
which bore the Kaiser by on one of his jour
neys might have been slowed up 6O that his
Majesty's loyal subject could have gotten a
glimpse of the royal face.
POPULJST CANDIDATE FOR THE PRESIDENCY WHO IN A LONG LETTER TO
HIS PA1ITV MANAGERS ACCEPTED THE NOMINATION AND EXPRESSED
HXS VIEWS OF THE ISSUES OF TH E CAMPAIGN. \
A third party has no right to exist unless
there are abuses in government 1 which "the
two great parties" refuse to reform. Unless
both the two old parties are wrong, there is
no room or excuse for a third. But, if both
the old parties are equally guilty of class
legislation, and are equally subservient to the
beneficiaries of special privilege, then it . is
not orly - the right | of the patriot I to form a
party of protest, but a duty. Civil, liberty is
at once a heritage and a trust. We are
recreant to the higher requirements of citizen-
His Shiftiness on Issues of the Day
Pointed Out.
PARKER A MOVING TARGET.
In Mr. Bryan's book called "The First Bat
tle" he compared the possible effects of the
British cold standard to the ruin wrought by
an invading army, sweeping the land with
fire and sword. Mr. Bryan was 1 right. The
vast increase in the world's stock of metal
lic money and the enormous use of credit
money, which universal confidence keeps afloat,
postponed the evil day, but It Is bound to
come. Let the supply of gold fail. let con
fidence take wings, let the insolvent banks
be suddenly called upon to make good their
Inflated liabilities, and such a storm will break
over the republic as has not been known fn
its history. Our financial system is rotton to
the very core. What has been aptly called
hocus-pocus money Is doing the biggest busi
ness It was ever known to do. What is enti
tled "frenzied finance" Is holding such a car
nival as It never held before. This cannot
last. The crash will surely come, and those
.who live to see It will feel as though the
world were coming to an end. Would to God
that Mr. Bryan were with me in this "The
Second Battle." Together we could have
won the fight in 1896, but the Southern
Democratis bosses would not have It so. Chair
man Jone* bad to drive the allies apart by
brutal Insults at the very opening of the cam
paign. In 1004. had all the Bryan Democrats
refused to be bound by the Infamous. sellout to
Wall street at>St. Louis, and had Mr. Bryan
Joined, forces with me, we could have won
this contefct. The temper of the people is ripe
for revolt, and Its getting hotter every day.
They only need leaders whom they can trust.
The Democratic masses* who followed Bryan
are sick at the heart. J They listen without
conviction when Bryan speaks for Parker.
They want fighters at the head of the army
and Parker Is no fighter.
' Roosevelt Etands in the open and dares Par
ker defiantly, almost mockingly, and Parker
meekly stays out of the fight. In his formal
letter of acceDtance he says that he takes up
the glove thrown at his feet, declaring that
he will revoke that pension order. No. 78. But
In the same breath he hastens to admit that
Roosevelt did precisely what he. Parker, thlnka
ought to be done. If elected he, Parker, will
at once have Congress do what Roosevelt has
already done. Heavens! what a meek warrior
ia this. "Roosevelt did the right thing but
not in the right way, and if you will elect me
President I will do the same thing In the
proper way'." Did any nominee ever seek the
presidency on that kind of a platform before?
When Is he going to free those Philippines?
He does not say. What is he going to do to
the trusts? Will he deal drastically with the
Standard Oil trust, which has coddled his po
litical ambition for the past two years? What
will he do to the sugar trust, which his cam
paign ¦ manager, Gorman, represents In the
United States Senate? On the negro ques
tion — why has he been silent? Does he con
demn Roosevelt for that Booker Washington
lunch? Does he condemn the appointment of
negroes to- office? Why did he fail to make
any . reference whatever to that plank in the
Republican platform which his running mate.
Davis, seys created a "race issue" ? The
Solid South is being kicked and cuffed Into
the support of Parker upon the ground that
he differs from Roosevelt on . the negro ques
tion. Before the South Is dragooned Into vot-
Nominee Equally Uncertain In Speech
or in Silence.
THE DEMOCRATIC WEAKLING.
They ejected Cleveland on a free silver plat
form, nnd called a special session to violate
the contract. They promised to put an end to
national banks, and they Issued new bonds
to keep , them In life. Then. ' when the bank
charters expired, they united with the Repub
licans to give national banks a new lease of
life for twenty years. They promised to re
lieve the farmers from the McKinley tariff,
ar.d they Increased the tax on lumber, nails,
horseshoes, rl/ets, tacks, screws, pipe, flues,
and wire. They doubled the tax on molasses,
and put an addition of $45,000,000 to the price
which the people were paying for sugar under
"tho culminating atrocity of class legislation,"
tho McKinley act. They pitied the laborer and
promised to be his : friend, and they let the
Pullman Palace Car Company have the. use of
the army to compel the submission of laborers
to a cut In wages. They promised to abolish
child labor* and In those . States of the South
where tho Democratic narty Is most absolute
child slavery Is most immovably planted.
They promised the people a graduated Income
What avails this cry about "extravagance"?
That the Government is run with a reckless
disregard of the middle and lower classes who
pay most of the tariff taxes is known of by
all men. But who believes that either of these
"two great parties" is- going to retrench ex
penditure? Appropriations for administrations
are on the Increase everywhere. With the
Federal Government there is no* such thing as
going backward. The "billion dollar Congress"
of tho Republicans was succeeded by a Cleve
land Congress pledged to "rigid economy";
and it was not long before the Democratic ap
propriations reached the billion dollar mark.
Harrison reduced the public debt by a quarter
billion dollars, and Cleveland was not long In
adding more than Harrison had taken away.
It was the Democratic Congress devoted to
"rigid economy" which allowed the Chicago
exposition to loot the Treasury of millions —
time after time; and which gave to each mem
ber of the House a clerk at $100 per month.
Besides, who could put faith in the pledges
of the party which has so little unity of con
viction as the national Democracy? What
party ever made and broke so many pledges?
What party ever changed its ground so often?
What oth*r party ever unloaded all of Its prin
ciples at one quick throw down as they did at
St. Louis? • /
Th« Wall-street organ, the New York
World, compelled Parker to speak out on the
money question; why should he not be com
pelled by the Hearst papers, and other really
Democratic papers, to speak out upon other
questions where the people have a right to
Information?
Wall street wants more bonds; the ma
chinery for petting them is there. Just where
Cleveland left it; the same men who worked
Cleveland , for bonds are steering Parker's cam
paign; what has been promised to Belmont and
his confederated corporations? Is the "endless
chain" to be put in motion again? Voters who
do not consider these questions do themselves
injustice. •
The People's party is helping the Repub
licans, cry the Democratic leaders. If these
leaders had not abandoned their own platform
and given over to Wall street we could not
have hurt anybody. As long as the Demo
cratic party "pretended to be Populist in prin
ciple the Populist party could not do business.
Too many of our men were dupes of the fraud
The moment the Democratic leaders dropped
our platform we seized upon It again and
we began to rehabilitate our own party. Sell
out? Why, we have surrendered no convic
tions; we have not parted with a single plank
In our platform. What have we sold? To
whom did we sell? If we had shed our politi
cal garments as the Democratic bosses did at
St. Louis, and Wall street had dictated every
line of our new creed, and had put at the
»*if.™i O i S^iiS 15 ' 1 a . man *" no cannot state
j herein he differs in principle from Mr.
Roosevelt, we would have hung our heads
f^uf me , w f. P assed a mirror to keep from
looking Into the eyes of renegades to Jef
fersonlan Democracy, servile tools of Northern
S™' 1 ™: They went to 'St. Louis with
SrjPJ F'P} es: , they , ca J ne back without them: they
of t£ s, y ? t 5*«« ands of tne Pat McCarrens
»nd v h D fn rd S U - Belm °nt of the Louisville
and Nashville Gorman of the sugar trust.
The %ery_ first "Peech of the campaign was
made in Brooklyn by Senator Bailey of Texas
under the auspices of the Standard Oil Com-
v a ">: a lob f by 'f '• *« McCarren. The chosen ad
visers of Mr. Parker are the men who led
l°J v t i rUsts , and J co , r Porationa when the tax-
£ a JninU W !!t? 1O °£ d Au Z ine Clev *land's second
administration. From Gorman, who reeks with
the foulest trust legislation of the last twenty
years, to Carlisle, who wrote the sugar sched
nl e i m at n t th ° dl Pi atlon ot sular !?ust and
Belmont. of the secret midnight bond deal,
down to Olney. who. in effect advised th«
too willing h Cleveland to lend the' UnUed State*
army to the Pullman Palace Car Company In
Chicago, the notorious old band of boodlers
f/V h^ re - . W , hat may b « expected ofthem
if Parker Is elected can be guessed by thow
who remember the carnival of class leKlslatio,,
which rendered forever Infamous th/sec^nS
administration of Grover Cleveland " econa
.v Th £ i v eop f rd £ a3 not Ranged his' spots, nor
u e hun^rv Pia i n r'h to '£ n: that Guiana crowd
is hungry; it has been "out" a long time-
Woe unto the people when that pfedaSry
again ! get upon the Government
What secret pledges have been made to the
Standard Oil? What Is Its motive for put
ting half a million dollars Into Parker's cam
paign fund? Are they afraid of Roosevelt and
not afraid of Parker? What Is the ground of
their preference for Parker? The Standard
Oil s not in politics for health or pleasure.
It always has an ax to grind What Is the
mo SL ve * hls t -i me , ? Tho BUKar tru « t P"t $240:000
In the New York campaign alone when Cleve
land ran against Harrison; and all of us know
tho secret pledses which were publicly re
deemed. Arthur Gorman and John G. Car
lisle saw to it that the tariff measure was so
framed that the trust got more out of the
peopK by tens of millions, than they had
gotten under that "culminating atrocity of clas3
legislation." the McKinley bill. Their Sena
torial representative, Arthur Gorman, has been
placed In open control of the Parker cam
paign; he- has been the secret dictator from
the beginning — what will his client, the suger
trust, get out of this election if Parker Is
successful?
Body and Soul.
Democrats Said to Have Gone Over
SOLD TO -WALL STREET.
With a Standard Oil accumulation, a Carne
gie accumulation and other similar accumula
tions reprVented by such men as J. P. Mor
gan. August Belmont and Arthur Gorman,
what is to prevent "the deadly principle of
compound Interest" from operating with appall
ing results in this country? By the law of
their nature those monster fortunes will grow
larger and larger. As the owners of this huge
wealth have taken more than their share of
the common stock of the nation's wealth so
there must be Increasing millions of men who
get less than their share. What will be the
end of It? No student believes it can go on
as it is forever. All see danger signals ahead.
That a rising tide of angry discontent is pour
ing over the country cannot be disputed. The
evidences of it are visible everywhere. If
H. H. Rogers. J. P. Morgan. August Belmont
and men of that type think there Is no* act of
spoliation to which the people will not sub
mit they are making for themselves a fool's
paradise. If the Standard Oil crowd and the
sugar trust crowd think that the American
pec pie are going to stand idly acquiescent
while they gobble up all the wealth of the
republic they are playing with fire. It will
not be permitted. Already more than half
of the annual Increase of wealth Is absorbed
by less than a dozen trusts. Already we have
men bo rich that they could buy up the en
tire property contained in one of our States.
If the "deadly principle of compound inter
est" continues to work for the Standard Oil
that group of plunderers will soon own the
whole of the United States. They and their
confederate kings will have such a grip upon
our entire system, commercial, financial and
political that the Government will amount to
little more than a piece of necessary me
chanism to the Standard's system. The Fed
eral administration will take orders from some
future Rogers Just as boards of directors of
dozens of huge corporations now do. The
very life of the republic demands the curb-
Ing of these gigantic combinations and every
aKgressive step they take, from henceforth,
will hasten the day when imperative public
opinion will compel the constituted authori
ties to protect the public from ruthless spoli
ation of this kind. s
Another example of class legislation is found
in a study cf our transportation system.
We have given to the various corporations
which control our telegraph, telephone, express
and railroad business such enormous powers
that the Government itself is a dwarf among
these giants. Their revenues are greater than
those of the Government. Their power to tax
falls not only upon the public, but upon the
Government itself. In the late conflict with
Spain the manner In which they preyed upon
the Government was something frightful in its
rapacity. And. the constant practice they have
of charging the Government for the annual
use of a postal car a greater sum than the cost
of the car is but one evidence of the undisputed
fact that the Government dares not deny them
anything. They almost openly use the "frank"
of members of Congress to all to the weight of
mall matter during that annual period when
the mall Is weighed to adjust the "average."'
Hundreds of tons of Junk is thus handled dur
ing those few days, and upon this fraudulent
mail matter the average for the entire year is
based. The taxpayers have to pay. The Con
gressmen who lend themselves to this swindle
get free passes and other good things. In ex
press charges, freight rates, telephone and tele
graphic tarffs the pubic s plundered every day
In the year, and the manner In which they
submit to it Is one of the marvels of the age.
No other people among civilized nations are so
cursed with corporation tyranny as ourselves,
and we never seem to think that any remedy
Is possible. Half a dozen corporation kings
can meet in the office of J. P. Morgan and
can tax the life out of any town or city In the
United States. By a spurt of the pen they can
add hundreds of millions of dollars to the bur
dens of the people. They enable the trusts to
slay their rivals by granting rebates, or spe
cial rates, which make competition impossible.
They debauch public morals by their methods
of gaining what they want from Governors,
Legislatures, Judges, editors, politicians and
members of Congress.
Napoleon once rose from a study of inter
est tables with the remark, "When I consid
er the deadly principle which lies hidden in
those tables I marvel that It has not de
voured the human race." That deadly prin
ciple Js precisely what has devoured so great
a part of the human race every year. That
deadly principle does devour a portion of the
human race every year. The big fortune,
by the law of Its nature, tends to grow big
ger. Each colossal accumulation represents
what one victor gained and ten thousand
victims lost. For, in a fortune of a hun
dred millions there can be no such thing as
fair reward for productive labor. Such a for
tune, ' or anything like it, represents, as a
rule, the spoil of the successful marauder in
the fields where others had tolled.*- Such
a man is a freebooter and his hoard often
costs the losers more lives, more tears, more
broken hearts and ruined homes than are
to be found in the track of actual war.
When those Standard Oil knaves robbed the
people of 136,000,000 In one day they felt
entitled to the admiration of the business
world. On the same day, perhaps, hungry
women stole bread for hnngTy children and
went to prison for it. J. P. Morgan, Andrew
Carnegie. Charles Schwab and other conspic
uous captains of industry Increased their un
wieldly fortunes by pocketing $500,000,000
which other less conspicuous persons confided
to the steel trust. No one was punished, and
at one of those libraries which Carnegie has
been establishing all over the country admis
sion was denied to one of the best books of
one of the best Russian authors because it
gave a vivid description of the condition of
th»" peasantry in Russia. Himself a mon
strous product of governmental favoritism and
"protection," no book which exposes and de
nounces class legislation can be satisfactory
to this man who has In his coffers bo many
millions which should have been left in the
pockets of those whose honest industry pro
duced them. ¦ .
Republic Pictured as Helpless in Their
• Mighty Grasp.
RAPACITY OP THE TRUSTS.
LABOR AND CAPITAL.
PRINCIPLES OF POPULISM.
Party/ Described as Jeffersonian to
the Very Core.
The People's party is Jeffersonlan to the
core. It has never emasculated Its creed to
curry favor. It has preferred to win Its way Into
minds and hearts by earnest advocacy of fixed
principles. Its chief reliance has been on po
litical education. It assails tha evils of cUse
legislation and for every abuse offers a remedy.
It does not blindly seek to tear down. It seeks
to reform, to repair, to renovate, to restore.
We would If we could go back to the system of
our forefathers. The class legislation which Is
the bane of our Government at this time ob
tained the upper hand In our republic twice
before and was twice driven out. Jefferson
did it once, then Jackson. Democracy in Jack
son's day paid off the national debt, overthrew
the national bank, revoked many of the privi
leges of favored classes and put the reins o£
power back Into th* hands of the people. The
protective principle was struck down and the
Walker tariff Inaugurated an era of great
prosperity. Charles Dickens, who visited this
country previous to the Civil War. wrote back
to his home that a flaming sword in the air
would not excite more amazement than a
beggar in the streets of Boston, and he ex
pressed his astonishment at the general pros
perity of the people. That was when genuine
Democracy was ruling the land and Inspiring
Its legislation. This prosperous condition con
tinued, in the main, until the Civil War. That
deplorable conflict -was hardly lass terrible
In loss of life than in the legislation to which
it gave provocation and opportunity. National
banks gained foothold once more"; a mountain
of bonds arose; monstrous tariffs, framed with
the view of enriching favored industries, were
Imposed; corporations seized the public lands;
the money power began that series of forays
upon the Government and upon the producing
classes which has transferred almost the whole
of the wealth of the country to those who
never bravely fought for the Government In
time of war nor honestly served It In time of
peace. The grand armies of industry win the
yearly victory over nature by toil, producing
the wealth which the captalLs of Industry ap
propriate to themselves by subtle chicanery.
The vastly greater part of the wealth of this
country is enjoyed by men who never pro
duced a dollar in their lives.
The People's party makes no war upon
private ownership, upon honest wealth or le
litlmate profits. It simply combats the legis
lation which builds up one man at the ex
pense of another, which gives special privileges
to one class at the expense of another, which
discriminates against a citizen or a class of
citizens in favor of others. In short, the Peo
ple's party declares Its hostility to privilege
and demands legislation whose motto shall
be "equal and exact Justice to all. without
favors to any."
Such rascality as that of the copper trust
or the steel combine should cither be made im
possible or the administration of law so In
vigorated that the criminals who steal millions
shall wear the ball and chain side by side
with the thief who atole a pig.
We believe In the money of the constitution.
We do not bend in superstitious reverence to
sliver and gold. We believe that any cur
rency which the Government declares to be
lezal tender will be "sound money" as long
as the Government is "sound." We have less
fear' that the Government will ever issue too
many paper dollars than we have that It will
issue too many bonds. A government must
govern, and the creation of money Is a part
of the sovereign power. The Government must
decide how many soldiers shall come to the flag;
must decide how many battleships shall hold
"the ocean lists against the world in mail." It Is
no more likely to make a mistake by Issuing
too much money than it is to make a worse
mistake by calling too many breadwinners Into
the military service.
"Rag baby!" cries the editor: . "Rag baby!"
cries the fossil in the academy. Yet that
same editor and that same academic fossil Is
quick to approve when the Government makes
a bond out of rags and allows the banker to
issue rag notes on the rag bonds. What chil
dren we are. after all! Some men go around
in mental swaddling clothes all the days of
their . blessed lives.
The People's party favors tb- public owner
ship of public utilities. In nearly every civil
ized country the Government owns the rail
ways, the telegraphs and the telephones. The
last two should be a part of our postofflce
system, to which should be added the parcel
post, to free our people from the extortionate
charees of the express companies. The Peo
ple's party has always earnestly advocated the
graduated income tax. This would not only
throw the support of the Government upon
the rich, where It should be. but would. In a
sreat measure, prevent the accumulation of
huge, unnecessary and dangerous fortunes. We
favor the eight-hour law and the abolition of
child labor In factories, where thf unhealthy
moral and physical conditions are almost certain
to destroy the child. . We believe it to be a part
of man's natural liberty and equality to labor
for himself and not -for a master, and that
the laws should be so framed that there
should be no monopoly of the land for either
the living or the dead. Recently we have
heard the Insidious voice of those who tell us
that "man is not born free, but must earn
his freedom." This pernicious and false state
ment comss from one of those millionaire col
leges where opinions are censored. Just as
books are censored for the Carnegie libraries.
Upon this subject Mr. Jefferson said that
"the God who gave us life gave us liberty at
the same time." Ha also announced as a
principle that "The earth is given as a com
mon stock for man to labor and live on. If
for the encouragement of Industry we allow
It to be appropriated we must take care that
other employment be provided to those ex
cluded from the appropriation. If we do not.
the fundamental right to labor the earth re
turns to the unemployed."
To this doctrine 1 heartily subscribe. I can
not bring myself to believe that It Was ever
God's intention or that it was ever Just, for
any portion of the human race to deprive
other portions of that race of the opportunity
"to labor the earth," or. in lieu thereof, to
b» provided with other liberty to work. Idle
land which no man Is permitted to work.
Idle hands which are not allowed to work,
form an Indictment against any ruling class
which will result In a verdict of guilty be
fore any impartial Jury of intelligent think
ers.
Mr. ' Jefferson further said. "The earth
belongs in usufruct to the living; the dead
have neither right nor dominion over it."
. One of the evils of our system is that the
living can transmit a monopoly to their de
scendants and thus the grip of the dead Is
never loosened.
National Board to Arbitrate Their
Disputes Favored.
It Is to-day more apparent than it ever •was
before that combined capital has deliberately
come to the conclusion that union labor must
be crashed. The ver» spirit now actuates th»
Pullman Car Company, the harvester trust
companies and similar confederations of cap
ital, which moved the British Parliament cen
turies ago when It punished a combination ot
workmen as a crime. Not only did the capi
talism of that day deny laborers the right to
form unions, but a low scale of wages was
prescribed and the workman who refused to
work at the stated price wan punishable by
law as a criminal. Having thus enacted legis
lation which created poverty, there was only
one more step to take, and they took It —
they made poverty a crime. The moneyless
man who could not pay his debts rotted In
prison. The hungry man who begged for
something to eat was hanged. During the reign
of Henry VIII two thousand Englishmen wera
put. to death each year for the high crime of
being so persistently poor that they repeated
the offense of begging three times. It was
penal to beg at all: it was death to do It
three times. The English King unH«r whom
these horrors occurred was at the head of the
church of Christ, was the official "Defender
of the Faith." an.i was as constant In at
tendance upon divine service as the Baers.
Pullmans. Rockefellers and the Armours of our
own day. He had known Erasmus, and had
written a book against Luther had reveled
with Francis I on the Field of the Cloth of
Gold, and had for confidential Ministers
Cardinals of the church of God. In other
words, he conformed to all the outward forms
of Christianity and ranked as equal among th*
great men of his own time, yet he put to
death an average of two thousand paupers
every year of his reign for no other crime than
that of giving cry to the pangs of hunger — tha
peculiarly atrocious feature of which barbarity
being that the law had produced much of the
poverty which It had punished.
In our own land there are many indications
that capitalism is being instigated by th»
same spirit as that which lived In tha ancient
code. If labor unions can be crushed by cap
italism which has formed its trust, liberty
will be gone, not only from the individual
laborer but from every other individual. "Be
long to the trust or obey it," will be abso
lutely the only possible outcome if tho en
croachments of these rapacious monsters arm
allowed to go on unrestricted. In every Til
lage, every town, every city, every State. the>
American people are so badgered and insulted
and robbed and oppressed by the hundreds of
monopolies and trusts that the Individual citi
zen is reduced to a state of indignant but
remedylesa Impotence.
From a Republican nominee one does not ex
pect a great deal upon the labor question and
would be disappointed if he did expect Jt.
But from a Democratic nominee one natur
ally hopes for a deliverance. Judge Parker's
formal letter does not recognize that such &
thing as the labor question exists. He offers
no solution of the trouble, and upon the calm
tide of his smooth rhetoric there Is no sugges
tion that civil war smolders in many a region
of our Christian republic, where capital and
labor have taken each other by the threat. It
is true that Judge Parker thinks tariff reform
would benefit the wage-earner. So It would.
If It were of the right sort. But Cleveland,
once upon a time, sounded the slogan of
"tariff reform," and after one defeat was
elected to do the work. Arthur Gorman wa»
the master-builder who framed the measure
which was to lessen the burdens of the op
pressed, and when Arthur Gorman got through
with the Job the burdens of the oppressed
had merely been shifted from one shoulder to
the other. The. great- warm-hearted Senator
from Missouri, George G. Vest wanted coal
put upon the free Hat. In order that cheaper
fuel could be had by the people. Arthur Gor
man opposed the measure stubbornly In th«
Senate. When the sugar trust wanted a better
rate than the Dlngley bill was about to give
them Steve Elklns brought Havemeyer and
Gorman together in personal conference and
the trust got what Havemeyer came for.
And Arthur Gorman ts Parker's manager
The "tariff reform" of the Democratic nom
inee must, therefore, be taken with care: and
to the Parker letter of acceptance should be
attached the Gorman tariff act of 1S04 as
"Exhibit A." and the speech of General Joe
Wheeler against that measure as "Exhibit
B."
If I were President I would recognize that
capital and labor have reached & dangerous
antagonism. Its utmost influence would be
used to establish a National Bureau of Ar
bitration. I would ask combined capital to
choose one man. union labor to choose an
other and I would myself, as chief magis
trate, choose a third. Such a board of arbi
tration should have Jurisdiction over labor
troubles and would become a power of good.
That something must be done, and don*
soon, should be clear to all. A few more
Colorado situations would precipitate the rule
of the soldier, paid by the corporation, or by
the taxpayers whose State officials are owned
by corporations.
The People's party advocates the- Initiative,
by means of which the people can pass such
laws as they desire: the referendum, by means
of which they can veto such legislation as
they disapprove, and the right to cancel the
commission of such public officials as have
riven dissatisfaction.
One of the evils of the present system la
that the people are not consulted when laws
are to be made, they only hear of the legis
lative actsr after they are published. Even
fleet footed lawyers find it difficult to keep
pace with the changes constantly being made
in the statutes.
The initiative and referendum would correct
most of that and the imperative mandate* and
right of recall would do a great deal toward
keeping public officers faithful to trust. To
cancel the commission of the public servant
who has been recreant to duty la mild enough
punishment. If such a power be not given
UNEVEN DIVISION OF WEALTH.
Legislation Blamed for Ills Affecting
the Body Politic.
In considering the labor question we should
not lose sight of the fact that our working
classes have had much to endure. Those who
kr.ow something of the horror, of their con
ditions in the Pennsylvania coal fields, for
example, as shown In Congressional investi
gations, can well understand their point of
view. In many cases .they have been goaded
to madness by hardships, brutalities, oppres
sions, which human nature cannot always
stand. -The virtual slavery which exists in
many a .mine Is no secret. The despotic
control which employers exert over employes
In many fields of labor deprives the laborer
of any real political freedom and amounts to
a systematic serfdom. These men have,
been mocked by many a pledge and prom
ise. Many a politician has ridden Into office
a* their especial representative and advocate,
only to bring disappointment and despair to
those who trusted him. Time and again na
tional platforms have promised abolition of
sweatshops and unreasonable hours of tabor
Sweatshops have not been abolished and. un
reasonable hours of labor are much too com
mon. In spite of all this talk of general
prosperity I deny that It exists. The mass
of the people have no surplus money. All
our large cities are crowded with human
driftwood, the floating wrecks beaten to
pieces In the great storm of life. Into nol
si me tenements they are huddled la such
Continued on Page 4, Column 3,
It was the power of ipecial privilege, given
to the national bankers by Congress, which
had put them in position to create the panic of
1893. If a history could be written of tha
inception of that convulsion, the base motives
of those who brought it about and the awful
cruelty with which It smote Its victims, the
world would shudder at the revelation. It
was a cold-blooded, premeditated crime: .t
darkened many homes; it wrecked many a
life; and it was the legitimate offspring of
class legislation.
Not long ago an entire family destroyed
Itself because irTiad no money. The parent*
put their little ones to death and died with
them rather than sink Into the hell of vie*
and crime and misery which yawns for the
man or woman who can get no work. This
case was but one of a thousand. Does It de
serve no attention from rulers and lawmakers?
Is it beneath the notice of the great? God
fcrbld! I will Incur all the odium which may
cum« to me .from making the statement that
a serial and political system under which sucn.
awful tragedies are of constant occurrence is
profoundly unrighteous. Is infernally wrong.
There Is absolutely no reason why our laws
should not be so reformed as to bring a.bout *
more ecultable distribution of the good things
ot life; no r?ason why the individual man or
woman able to work and wllltnc to work
should not always find It at a fair wage; no
reason under the sun why the reign of priv
ilege may not be brought to end.
. Almost ev?ry 111 that now afflicts the body
politic can be traced to Its source in vicious
legislation. Government, instituted for public
purposes, has been prostituted to private pur
ooses. and that is the true secret of most of
our troubles.
Upon the other hand we have the boys
and girls of the excessively poor, growtns u»
under conditions which make unblushing lru
mcrallty a matter of course. The rapid In
crease of this class is appalling. What Is to
be done about It? Does such a problem ca
lls t no Interest from those who (runt laws
and dlrict the Government? Can there b«
any problem more Important?
The vast majority of the human wreckage
which cumbers the cities results from bad
1j-ws, bad government. As a rule, these men
and women at some time In their lives mad*
earnest, honest efforts to sustain themselves by
work. As a rule they were simply knocked
down and knocked out by stronger men and
strop.er women In the fierce battle of exist
ence. Hard work, small wages, a spell of
sickness— then ruin. How often Is that th«
life story In the short and simple annals of ttut
poor. Tens of thousands of these wretches
are the victims of swindling stock Issues,
worthless paper, which they bought because
J. P. Morgan or H. H. Rogers or some other
kins: of finance was known to be engineering
the deal. Other thousands are the frozen out
weaklings of some railroad reorganization or
manipulation of stocks and bonds by the ma
jority holders. Other thousands are men who
labored for bare subsistence until old ag*
came and then were turned out to shift for
themselves. Man's inhumanity to man Is at
the bottom of most of the trouble, and th»
law itself has wrought much of this havoc by
armir.K favored individuals and corporations
with special powers which become reslstlesn
weapons in their hands against their fellow
man.
Upon the one hand we have the young men
and young women of the excessively rich.
giving their lives to pleasure, to a sensualism
which does not even wear a mask.
numbers and under such conditions that mor
ality becomes an Impossibility. The evil in
fluence of these dens of filth and vie* doe»
not confide itself to the Immediate occupants
of the tenement. Such place* are nothing
less than cancers, eating their way into th«
very life of the nation.
The great party of six and a half million
voters sent their leaders to St. Louis without
any instructions to surrender to Wall street.
That surrender created a profound discontent,
which will not down. Mr. Bryan himself can
not make that bitter pill palatable to the
Bryanltes. The sell -out was too brazen too
sudden, too complete. Nobody suspected an
earthquake like that. The ground opened, and
down into the yawning chasm fell all -the
principles of the Democratic party. These
leaders went to St. Louis clothed from head
to heel in good Jeffersonlan Democracy. When
Dave Hill. Pat McCarren and August Belmont
finished their work the Democratic bosses
were so nearly nude that had it been a per
sonal matter rather than political they could
have been indicted for "a notorious act of
public Indecency." Able statesmen have un
dressed themselves in public. And now they
are furiously angry with me because I am
renewing the struggle which they abandoned
They resent the fact that some one else should
try to do that which they were not willing
to try to do.
The most un-Democratlc portion of Judge
Parker's letter Is that wherein he eulogUes
the policy of James O. Blalne and William
McKlnley upon the subject of reciprocity.
What is reciprocity but free trade in those
raw materials which the protected manufac
turers want? If free trade be such a good
thing, why. not let all of us have some?
If protection be such excellent medicine for
the masses, why not compel the manufacturers
to take It, too? In other words, why not have
a system and -stick to It? If protection Is
right, it should operate on all alike. If free
trade is right, then the manufacturers should
not be the only ones to get It.
Judge Parker pleads for greater favors to
the manufacturers. Great God! Are they never
going to get enough?
If Republican policies are to be overthrown.
It must be done by men who boldly declare
against them and who go up against them
with a determination to defeat them. The
way to whip the enemy Is to fight it. The
Democratic party has known what It was to
be led by captains who put the battle cry into
plain language so that all could understand
where the difference was on vital Issues. Such
a leader was Jefferson. Such a leader was
Andrew Jackson. Such a leader wai Stephen
A. Douglas. Such a leader was William J.
Bryan. In this campaign It has no such
leader. To their secret shames and disgust, the
rank and file of the great Democratic party
sees that their captain will not light. In
spite of party loyalty and a wish to believe
otherwise, they see that Parker remains what
Bryan said he was last April — an "artful
dodger, absolutely unfit for the Presidential
nomination." That Mr. Bryan himself sup
ports the ticket does not change facts nor cre
ate satisfaction.
ing for the New Yorker and against their own
son — hers in blood and sympathy and death
less devotion — ought not the New Yorker to
be compelled to speak out on this question?
In his formal letter of acceptance. Just made
public, it is curious to note that Mr. Parker
does not once mention the name of Jefferson.
Jackfon or any other great Democrat. He
makes no reference to the titular deities of the
Democratic party. The man to whom he
alludes with the greatest reverence is William
McKlnley, and the next Is James G. Blalne.
He euloKixes the policy of both these states
men, and- flnda fault with Mr. Roosevelt be
cause he has not followed their Illustrious
example. Really, Mr. Parker's peculiar kind
of Democracy amounts to a riddle.
How any party which has for recent year*
stood for so many different things and broken
so many contract* can new expect to be trusted
is a puzzle In -politics. The manner In which
the platform cf 1904 was evolved, the manner
in which Parker's nomination was brought
about ought to Intensify the distrust which
the bad record of the party Justly creates.
Every line of the platform seems to be In a
tremble lest It should displease the bene
ficiaries of class legislation. Every tone of Its
quaking voice seems to say to the corporations.
"Don't be afraid; I won't hurt you." With
the anxious fear of Snug the Joiner in "Mid
summer Night's Dream," the apparent lion
kindly dissipates the fear of his audience by
assuring them in advance that its roar is only
for stage purposes. If that platform had been
meant to please the people, how easy It would
have been to write It! But It was meant to
delude the people and to please the corpora
tions, hence its wonderful contortions in ver
biage, its agonized efforts to use much lan
guage and say nothing. This much must be
admitted, however, to the candidate fits the
platform as though a political tailor* had meas
ured him for it. Parker can probably use
more words and say less that you are certain
of than any man In America.
tax. which should compel the millionaires
and the gigantic corporations to contribute
something to the support of the Government
upon which they fattened: but now th«y have
Riven up tht; contest. The income tax no
longer appears in their platform. The million
aires and corporations supporting Parker are
not the kind of Democrats to clamor for a
graduated Income tax.
Those things which Mr. Bryan said were
facts, before the nomination, were obliterated
from the catalogue of facts by the nomination;
they are facts yet.
By a dictatorial tone, amounting to menace.
Judge Parker was driven by the New York
World Into the sending of the telegram which
told the Democratic Convention for the first
time, and many hours after Parker had se
cured the nomination, that the gold standard
was "Irrevocably fixed." Neither then nor in
any utterance afterwards did he say that the
gold standard was right, until he had been
shelled so vigorously by myself and others for
having deserted the free sllverltes without
faying they were wrong, and having gone over
to the frold standard without saying it was
right. Kven Judge Parker finally realized
that the ground was caving under his feet
and was literally driven to firmer footing. At
last he has taken his place (side by nlde with
Roosevelt on the most deeply important Issue
before the people.
Let It be borne In mind that Wall street
wanted the last Congress to Issue more bonds;
let it be remembered that the Cleveland Demo
crats want the greenbacks called in and
burnt: do not forget that the 'Vndless chain"
precedent set by Cleveland stands as a prece-.
dent to be followed; rooall how easy it l« for.
the money power to hide their plans until the
victim Is In their, trap — and you will begin to
realize what terrible dangers still lurk In this
money question.
Whether or not the healing 1 virtues, tho
nomination cured all the hypocrisy and fraud
by which It has been obtained. Is a question
each citizen should put to his own Intelligence
before he votes.
Much abuse has been heaped upon me be
cause more time was 1 devoted by me to de
nunciation of Parker than ot Roosevelt. The
reason Is obvious enough. Roosevelt Is a
straight out Republican who declares boldly
fcr Republican principles, defiantly defending
existing conditions. To attack him is a short,
easy Job. He is so conspicuous and stationary
a target that no one who wishes to take a
shot at him could possibly miss the mark. He
is not in ambush; he is behind no "blind";
he stands out In the open and he says to his
enemies, "Here I am — a Republican who
stands pat on all existing: conditions; if you
want to fight, come on!" Now, I can under
stand a Republican like that; and, while I
would lovo to make my battle-ax ring on his
helmet until one of us went down in political
defeat and death, yet I could respect him all
the while, as a foeman worthy of any man's
steel. Mr. Roosevelt will get Republican votes,
and no other. He is not seeking the support
of Bryan Democrats upon false pretenses. He
is not playing a confidence garce on the negro
question. He is not attempting to win Jeffer
sonlan!! by a sham adherent's to Jeffersonlan
principles. In short, there is no danger thai
Jeffersonlan Democrats will vote for Roosevelt
upon the assumption that he is a Jeffersonian
Democrat. There is no danger that Roosevelt
will get a single vote to which I, as a Jeffer
sonlan in principle, am entitled.
With Mr. Parker it Is different. He is not
a Jeffersonlan Democrat, yet he seeks to secure
the support of Jeffersonlans. If he" would
speak out plainly and tell the people that he
Is in principle the same, practically, that
Roosevelt is. the Bryan Democrats would fall
away from his by the million, tt would then
be enabled to organize such a party of revolt
against the Republican rule as would sweep
the country. His attitude Is thoroughly dls
ingenious, profoundly lacking in true man
hood and leadership. He was willing to stand
upon the New York State platform which Mr.
Bryan denounced as a dishonest platform. His
position was so indefinite, so foxy, so entirely
neutral, that Mr. Bryan declared, to cheer
ing thousands, that Parker was "absolutely
unfit for the Democratic nomination," and
,that "nobody but an artful dodger" could
stand upon that New York platform — which so
much resembled its father, David B. Hill.
I believe it was also in the same speeches
that Mr. Bryan declared that a. man should
be willing to die for his convictions — which is
also a very sound proposition.
Mr. Bryan, who Is always careful In the
statement of matured opinions, has assured
the country that "the Influences back of the Par
ker candidacy are so intimately associated with
trusts and great corporations that the Demo
cratic party could not appeal to the masses."
"With such a candidate," said Mr. Bryan,
"they would begin with a foot race and end
with a rout." Likewise he stated a self
evident fact when he declared that "the plu
tocratic element for the first time being is In
control of the Democratic party."
It was equally clear to Mr. Bryan, as it
was to many others, that "the nomination of
Parker was secured by crooked and indefensible
methods," and that the "nomination of such
a man who had, as Mr. Bryan declared, won
the honor with "loaded dice," virtually nul
lified thftj. anti-trust plank In the Democratic
platform. *
These were fearfully Important facts, and
they produced the impression on the minds of
millions that there was something stealthy;
deceitful, cowardly and utterly dishonest In
the Parker campaign for the nomination. Mr.
Bryan stated facts, profoundly important facts,
and they continued to be facts up to the time
that Parker actually got the nomination which
he had sought on a "cowardly and straddling
platform," the honor for which he had played
with "loaded dice."
ship If we fall to realize our responsibility.
The ballot Is one of the weapons with which
we must hold our ground. The contention of
the People's party being that . both the old
parties- are wrong, we wage war on both. Ours
Is the two-edged sword. In our campaign it
may happen that we do greater damage to the
Republicans than to the Democrats — as In
1S02, when Mr. Bryan and other Western
Democrats were instructed by the Cleveland
managers to vote for Weaver. In another cam
paign. It might chance that the greater dam
age is done ¦ the Democrats. In the one case
as in the other, we would not concern our
selves about the matter. Such a result is the
accident of war, not the purpose of the cam
paign. It Is our business to preach* sound
Populism, which Is sound Jeffersonlan dem
ocracy, and to hit the Republicans on the one
hand and the Democrats on the other. We
must "hew to the line," letting the chips fall
where- they may. ¦ •
The statement has been made that In a
speech in Atlanta I expressed a preference
for Mr. Roosevelt ov«r Mr. Parker. Neither
In that speech nor in any other, have I done
so. Being a candidate for the Presidency
myself, I would , have made myself a side
show to whichever of the other two candi
dates I expressed a preference — whereas I am
In full, militant, aggressive control of an In
dependent show of my own.
Jefferson and Jackson waged war against
national banks, contending that they were hos
tile to the spirit of our Government. The
Republican party has always favored national
banks; thus, in the national platform of the
party In 1S96 and 1900, national banks were
denounced In language strong- enough to have
satisfied Thomas Jefferson. At this time, how
ever, the counsels of the Democratic party
are presided over by Arthur Gorman, who has
always supported the system, and by August
Belmont, who is a national banker. To prove
that both "the great political parties" are now
"Irrevocably fixed" in their support of the na
tional banks, we have only to remember that
they united hands and hearts to recharter
them two years ago.
One of, the worst features of our financial
system is the farming out to the national
banks of the power, privilege and profit of
supplying the country with paper currency.
Instead of using its own credit for the equal
benefit of all the people, the Government lends
this credit to the national banker to be used
lor the benefit of the banker. Thus the na
tional banker becomes a beneficiary of special
privilege, and, basing his notes upon the credit
of the Government, charges his fellow citizens
for the use of them. He, the privileged, fat
tens upon usury at the expense of the unprivi
leged. There are now about five thousand na
tional banks, which keep In circulation more
than $400,000,000 of their notes. At S per
cent this represents a yearly profit" of more
than $30,000,000 which they derive from the
special prlvileue of using the public credit for
their private benefit. Clothed with the sover
eign power of creating what is practically a
legal tender currency, they can contract It or
expand it whenever they please; and, if they
decide to give the country a taste of their
despotic power, as in 1893, there Is no power
which can protect the victim. No class of citi
zens should be clothed by law with such terri
ble advantages over their fellows.
(5) The cold standard is not "irrevocably
fixed." because it Is unscientific and wrong.
Nothing Is more certain than that the people
of this country will continue their struggle
until they have a national currency which the
money power cannot control and which an
swers the purpose of perfecting exchanges with
out becoming an armory from which the buc
caneers of modern finance draw the irresistible
weapons with which they attack values and
raid the markets.
the telflsh policy of the money power the peo
ple would compel a change In the standard.
Wall street gave us the panic of 1873; Wall
street gave us the panic of 1803. Let Wall
street give us another, and It may find that It
has tfvcn us one too many. The American
people have about reached the limit of endur
ance. We heard much of "constitution
allsm" In this campaign. The sincerity of the
crime is shown by the fact that the gold stan
dard which violates the statute law and the
constitution is not only supported by Theo
dore Koouevelt. the imoerlalllst, but by Alton
B. Parker, the chosen apostle of constitution
alism.
Nominee Declares That the Principles of His Party Are Genuinely Jeffer
sonian and Denounces Judge Parker as the Creature of Wall Street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER. 10, 1904.
POPULIST Leader Watson of Georgia Issues PROPAGANDA
3I accept the nomination tendered me and
endorse the platform upon which it Is made.
In this dmoalsn. when plutocracy has cap
tured both the old parties. It seemed an abso
lute necessity that some one should erect the
standard of Juffersonlan Democracy. Had no
one made the effort to infuse the spirit of
resistance into the people four more years of
apathy and discontent might have rendered
tha, case hopeless. The leaders In 1SCS. who
would seek to rekindle the hopes of the masses,
might have been met with the cry. "Too
late."
To the courage and the intelligence of the
voter I appeal. If you think I am right vote
that way or you are a moral coward. Do not
fear that your vote be "thrown away." Your
vote Is never thrown away until it ceases to
be the representlve of your honest convictions.
To the extent that the opponents of Republi
can principles support me in 1904, the hands
of those will be strengthened who shall make
war upon "the Republicans in 100S. The pres
ent attitude of national Democracy la an Im
possible one. They will be driven Trom It be
yond all doubt. Four years from now the
Belmonts, Gormohs and Hills should be put
into the Republican camp where they belong.
The real Democrats will return to their
Omaha and Chicago platform. In some hon
orable way the Bryan Democrats must act
with us; the cause demands It; duty require*
it; patriotism exacts it; to the success of true
Democracy It is indispensable. To preserve
an organisation of resistance to the pluto
cracy, to show them that they cannot play
their selfish game quite so easily a» they hail
Imagined, to make - them feel that there Is
life In the . people yet. . to form a nucleus
around which the betrayed people could raUy.
we make, this struggle.
It has already grown Into larger proportions
than I could have foreseen. It nromtses to
bring forth good fruit without heart sickening
delays. The effects cf the attacks which we
are making uron this unholy desertion of the
Democratic masses by the Democratic bcss«s
are even now aDDarent and reassuring But
even had not this . been true. I should still
have taken the same course upon the hlch
ground of duty. - *
The great Scotchman. Thomas Carlyle said
"Ca«t forth thy act. thy word. Into the
ever-Uvlnr, , ever-workln- universe: it |* the
seed grain that can not die: unnoticed to-dtv
Public Service.
Candidate Refers to His Record in
APFF.AIi TO THE VOTER.
The short course preparations are
planned to compete with similar short
courses of the Eastern universities
and those of the Middle West It is
expected that several hundred special
Ftudents will be enrolled. There will
l'« nu formal entrance examinations.
The only qualifications are that the
applicant shall be seventeen years of
p.se- and shall have a common school
education. - *v
Four rooms in the Agricultural
Building have been engaged for the
use of the dairy school. The lanrest
will be used by the student workmen
for the makinjr of butter and cheese.
Cold storage laboratory and all neces
t.ary rooms for the study will be pro
vided.
BERKELEY. Oct. 9. — The annual
short courses in agriculture at the
university are to begin next Tuesday.
They will be more comprehensive than
in the past. The dairying section will
include the following classes: Agri
ulture. horticulture, viticulture, entl
mology. animal Industry and nutri
tion. The course ¦Rill start October
-5 and close December 9.
Annual Short Courses in Agriculture
at the University Will Embrace
Varied Instruction
STUDENTS TO I.EARN
LORE OP THE DAIRY
Wh«n onr party was first founded it de
clare! that "the necessaries of life which the
poor must have to live." should not be sub
jected to tariff tax; and that no man's indus
try should be built up at the expense of an-'
other. These principles are surely sound and
democratic. __fijey. are, expressed ln almost the
exact" ward* of Mr. Jefferson, whose Meal was
a systtm cf national taxation upon luxuries
in which the - poor man need not pay any
national tax at all.
I lrarnvd what I know of the principles of
democracy at the feet of Alexander H.
Stephens. My home was in his district, and
I was one of the thousand* of young men who
gathered around him In later years and fought
his battles against the Democratic bosses who
sought to cust the old sage from office. Time
and mcain he defied the Democratic machine
in Georgia; time and again they saved the ma
c*itne by throwing to him an unofficial nom
ination which he had not sought. He epent
his fortune and made the last speeches of his
glcriou* life In the vain effort to Inject some
Jeffcrconian doctrine into the post-bellum
Democratic eartv.
Their Agents Asserted to Be Fram-
ers of Laws.
CORPORATIONS IN CONTROIi.
If Cleveland had been impeached for that
mysterious bond deal and Shira* disrobed for
hia flop on the income tax, rascality ln high
places might have slackened Its gait and
mended its wairs.
The People'* p«rty favors the election of
all officers by the people. For one thing
this would bring the Federal Judges to their
senses and take out of their inflated souls
tht idea that they are earthly editions of
Jehovah. The Mlfe term in office is so un
democratic and to inherently vicious that it
Is a matter of astonishment that our fore
fathers established it. It is safe to say that
they failed to realise their peril. Jeffersoa
alone saw the deadly danger which lurked In
this autocratic body of men and warned the
people of the Inevitable consequences. But
even he could not have foreseen the extrava
gant usurpations which have become the every
day occurrence with us — the dragnet Injunc
tion, the imprisonment without trial of Jury,
thr practk-al abrogation of habeas corpus. A
corporation which does not own a Federal
Judge or two Is as much behind the times
as It would be it it did not own lawers,
lobbyists, newspapers, politicians and profes
sional witnesses.
the people then our statutes should make
the betrayal of public trust punishable with
the heaviest penalties. We shoot the private
soldier who deserts . to the enemy. The ex
treme penalty is supposed to be necessary
to deter others from deserting. But when a
Senator or a Representative or Governor or
Judge cells his vote or hit decision to the ene
mies of the people in .violation of solemn
pledges made to the people who elected him, is
hie crime less grave than that of the de
serter who is shot?
— inghnn. Ala.. cSKS £ 1^°*
It will be found flourishing like a banyan
grove after a thousand years."
Plunged Into poverty when a lad, I have.
from my sixteenth year, been locking at life
from the seamy side. I know what the life
of the poor Is. for I have led It. To walk
the streets looking for work and finding none
is an experience never to be forgotten, and
I have had It. To take the side of the op
££,!?.! CCBt " me no efCort : to do otherwise
would cost me my self respect. As far a*
has been In my power I have labored to so
change our laws as to make it easier for
S™1? 0 do what l found »* *> dif
ficult to rio— find opportunity, find work find
adequate pay and reach a competent before
4^ m tr ! n 5 th U 8O lp * nt ln th « effo « that en!
i °\ ment does Kot «"*»« w *th success
Every speech of my life, every page of m*
books, every vote in the Georgia LegisUtSre
t Cd i 1 ? <*»?"" »• >«> Perfect harmony with SJ
broadly Democratic faith which finds partial
expression in this letter. I hope the~ h«
been growth, development, «i»Sten- I kiSw"
there has been no contradiction or apostle
\\h.en«ver by voice or vote or deed I c2Sm
be of service to those who were workine n
the cause of humanity. I havi not f«iu5 »
respond The eight-hour law P as£d by'con 0
8 2* 8 d my heilrty «JPPO«. ThHfncia! re*
crd will prove that I led the fight for 7h«
automatic car-coupler bill, again? : the r£
That resolution, which was •defeated on Si
3&S38 "^ *- *»™"*»\z £r
i % o^i i %^^ m Vi-»3
"•fes&s 1 Sw3s&& Lw* £i h ~£
will vote because of the law? reread trf T
take some pleasure In alluding to TheJ tol
the reajon that they proved that the .'enu
ments animating this letter are those wMch
have controlled my life. I regret tha? £!)
opportunities for doing work IT that vfSd
have been so few. Republican, and d£££
crats united their votes to prevent rae tZZZ.
servtnr more than on- term In Congress '?«
when the plainest evlrten-e was prwentM r
the frauds which, deprived me ' of* th?o facial
commission. "incui
Since then I haTe had no «pp«rtunltv tr.
do more than to advocate with the^ pen , h 2
Principles to which I am devoted. T« accent
this nomination and expound the*. puncSK.
ca^^^no SSSTwS«S?sSS
hive 1 S SStT 11 ** 10 " !n fttSS '&*
(2) That both parties drew their campaign
funds frcm the trusts and the corporations.
(3) That the platforms of the two parties
were made as much alike as possible — so much
that one of the candidates on the national
ticket admitted that they were "almost Iden
tical."
(4) That the environment of the candidates
of the two parties was exactly the same.
(5) The political record which proved that
both the old Dartles had united to defeat any
measure of reform. .
(6) The fact that the record ehcrwed that
both the old parties had united in establish
ing, step by step, the system as we now
have It.
These proofs are all at hand. Any well In
formed citizen can see the facts If he will.
To rely upon one of "the two great political
parties" means possible defeat and disaster.
By obtaining control of both, the element of
risk is eliminated. This is so obviously true
that I only state it as a basis for further
comment. In controlling only one of the "two
great political parties" the corporations might
be willing to let tho fact be more or lens
known. Mark Hanna, for instance, did not
seem to care, nor did Quay. Both of these
Republican managers took a business-like view
Of the question and compelled the £>eneficiarie»
of class legislation to put up the campaign fund
necessary to perpetuate the system. They
knew what they wanted were willing to pay
for it, did pay for it and got it. Really no
secret was made of the way in which It wai
done. The corporations were plainly, bluntly
told that if they wanted to keep things just
as they were- they must pay the price, and
they paid It.
But when it becomes the better policy to se
cur* control of both the "two great political
parties," so that the corporations will not be
hurt In any event, secrecy Is necessary.
There must always be an ostensible party for
the people, a party pretending to be demo
cratic In principle. If the corporations wer*
¦«en to be In open, undisputed control of both
"the two great political parties" there would
be an Immediate revolt of the Democratic
masses. An open control of both the two old
parties would defeat Its own purpose. To make
the scheme a success, secrecy and denial are
absolutely necessary. Positive, direct evidence,
therefore, could hardly ever be had. But If
aich a deal has been made, and both the old
parti?* are in control of the corporations, there
ought to . be circumstantial evidence whicii
would carry conviction to any sensible mind.
Suppose that the corporations had deter
mined to control both the old parties, and
were In fact controlling them, what would be
the evidence of it? -
(1) That some of the corporations and trusts
joined the Republicans and others the Demo
crats . :.
To thin pass has rt^rty tyranny brought
statesmen who groan under the yoke, yet dare
not rtfuse their yokes.
Xobody will question the statement that by
far the greater part of the wealth of this
country Is new owned and controlled by cor
porations. Xor will any one doubt that they
intend to maintain the present legislation
which is to favorable to them.
Grant these premlsss and then go a step
further; nothing will better serve to keep them
in power and to maintain their wealth and
advantage than the control of both "the great
political parties." As long as the corporation*
own but one of these great parties their sys
tem is in danger, for the reason that elections
are uncertain— at leas* the returns are. Even
the astutest experts in finance may be lack-
Ing In the "instinct of popular movements."
One who Is always closeted In luxurious quar
ters, to which only the elect arc admitted,
may come to take his political knowledge from
the newspapers solely and may thus find him
self dealing with an Imaginary situation be
fore be knows it.
Brave enough and Intelligent enough to un
derstand and denounce the odious law, he was
not brave enough to defy his party and do
what his heart and conscience told him was
right. .
General Wheeler's speech was a terrible ar
raignment of German's bill. But as he was
about tc take his seat this question was asked
by Mr. Hopklne:- "I take It from the gentle
man's remarks that he will vote against the
bill." The reply of General Wheeler was
prompt: "Xo, sir; I will vote for it." and the
griKled warrijr aat down amid laughter.
Consider the ease of General Joseph
Wheeler, also 1 . This grinled" soldier was a
member of Congress when the Infamous Gor
man tariff act came back to the House to be
voted on. Its sell-out to the trusts was so
palpable, its slavish submission to corporation
greed was so brarenly apparent, that' General
Wheeler made an elaborate speech against th»
bill. He showed how the entire South had
txvri discriminated against by an Increase of
tax's upon • those articles which she bought,
mhile at the same time those products which
she said were put upon the free list where they
had to meet the competition of the world.
He also showed how the very tools with which
the laboring man had to toll for his dally
bread were subjected to a higher tax than
had been put upon them by the McKlnley bill.
He aUo showed • how the trusts had been fa
vored, how money would be taken from ¦ one
class to swell the fortunes of a more favored
oliss. He showed how the farmer would have
to pay more under the Democratic tariff than
had been expected under the Republican tariff
on various articles, which may be reasonably
calied necessaries.
Yet Senator Morgan has to submit to the
humiliation of being carried along— obedient,
helpless. Qlled with impotent rage — by a lot of
corporation agents who have captured \ the
Democratic r>arty and have prostituted It to
the service of the trusts. " ¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦¦¦
Senator John T. Morgan of Alabama Is the
Xestor of the South in the United States
S«nate; and if anybody is competent to tell
what modern Republicans and Democrats are,
it Is this veteran who has served his State so
long in the upper house of Congress. In
December last. Senator Morgan declared pub
licly, through the newspapers, that there was
no practical difference between the two old
parties; that each one of them rallied against
the trusts during a campaign, and «ach be
came *ervjiiita of the trusts arter the election.
He called one the p«t and the other the kettle,
for blackness.
In effect, the Democratic party of to-day
has no mission except to keep the people di
vided, la order that the corporations may have
no substantial opposition. The Republican
party is one good horse; the Democratic party
is another: sometimes the corporations ride
the one. sometimes the other. In either event,
they keep in the eaddle.
Having learned what true democracy was
from Stephens and from the writings of Jef
ferson, I am not willing to change the creed
at the dictation of Belmont, Pat McCarren
and Arthur Gorman. v
Measured by the old standards of Jefferson,
Jackson. Benton and Stephens, the party which
ceils itself democratic has no right to do so.
It contain* no democratic principles. It does
not seek to accomplish any democratic purpose.
It has no harmony of creed, no unity of action,
no common legislative object. One and all.
they would like to capture the offices; beyond
that, they do not agree upon any earthly sub
ject.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. Oct. 10.
Fire destroyed the Norrls Hotel in
Manitou at 1 o'clock this mornlne.
The flames spread to the Barker Ho
tel and other buildings In the vicinity
and at 2 a. m. have not yet been
brought under control.
FIRK DESTROYS A HOTEL
IN TOWN OF MAXITOU
Flames Spread to Adjoining Buildings
and Resist Efforts of Depart
ment to Subdue Them.
Russians fortifying Iron Mountain and
Other Points.
• FIELD HEADQUARTERS OF THE
SECOND JAPANESE ARMY, Oct. 9.
— According to Chinese reports, the
Russians are entrenching and building
heavy earthworks south of Mukden.
It is believed that they Intend making
a strong stand. They are also forti
fying Iron mountain near Tieling.
Many Russian soldiers are said to be
wearing Chinese clothes, thus indicat
ing that their winter clothing has not
arrived.
BUILDING EARTHWORKS.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— George A.
Knight of San Francisco, with some
business before the Interior Depart
ment, is in this city. He 'called on the
President yesterday and reported the
certainty of Republican success made
evident to him In his recent tour. He
reports the President as being perfect
ly confident. Knight will deliver sev
eral addresses in West Virginia, and
will speak with Fairbanks at Madison
Square Garden.
Culifornian Says Roosevelt Expresses
Perfect Confidence.
KNIGHT VISITS PRESIDENT.
NAN PATTERSON WEARS
CHARM OF MOLINEUX
SIXKS HATCHET IXTO LEG.— Alameda,
Oct. 9. — While wielding a hatchet yesterday
Thomas Arada. a shlngler, accidentally sank
th«« blade of the tool into the thigh of his
right leg. He bled profusely before aid reached
him nnd he was taken to his home at Park
street and Encinal avenue. Arada will be
confined to the house for some time with the
injxiry.
Real Estate Dealers* Association Ap
points Committee to Investigate
Work of Connty Assessor.
OAKLAND. Oct. 9. — The Oakland
Real Estate Dealers* Association at
its monthly meeting yesterday ap
pointed a committee of three mem
bers to investigate the assessment of
this city in order to determine whether
there' is any inequality in the assess
ing of property. The members be
lieve that 'some property is- appraised
at full value, while other holdings are
assessed for only a part of their worth.
The committee has been instructed
to investigate as thoroughly as pos
sible the assessments of all classes of
property and to report any cases of
inequality. The individual members
of the association have been asked to
assist the committee in its work by
reporting any cases of unequal assess
ment that come to their notice when
buying or selling property.
The investigation will continue until
March, when the next assessment will
be levied, and all cases of unequal
assessment discovered will be brought
to the attention of Assessor Dalton
with a request for correction. : The
members of the association believe
that they will be able to obtain a
much more equitable assessment of
Oakland real estate.
The members of the committee are
William P. Todd. H. B. Belden and
Henry Holcomb. -*.
MUSIC IN HEARST HALL— Berkeley, Oct.
0. — The half hour of music which was sched
uled to take place at the Greek Theater this
afternoon was held at Hearst Hall on account
of the rain. The programme was. rendered by
Professors Derrick X. Lshmer and W. A.
Magee. by Professor Edmond
O'Neill and Paul Thielen. There was a large
audience.
Actress Has the Rabbit's Foot Which
He Kept With Him While In
Sing Sing.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— Roland B.
Molineux, who at the second trial was
acquitted of the murder of Mrs. Kath
erine K. Adams, takes a deep interest
in the case of Nan Patterson, the
Florodora actress who is a prisoner
in the Tombs Prison, charged with
having killed "Caesar" Young, the
California bookmaker. Molineux has
been to see the actress in the Tombs
and the pretty young woman wears
the rabbit's foot, which Molineux says
was his best and A ruect companion
during the twenty months he spent in
the death house in Sing Sing.
Oregon Populist Electors.
SALEM, Ore., Oct. 9. — A Populist
electoral ticket, nominated by petition,
was filed just before midnight last
night, and is as follows:
T. E. Phelps, Malheur County; C. F.
Schmlllin, Jackson County; Dr. J. T.
Hile, Linn County, and Leonard H.
McMahon, Marion County.
SOCIAL FOR WOODMEN.— Oaklald. Oct.
0. — A "get acquainted" social and smoker is
to be given by Oakland Camp Xo. 04, Wood
men of the World, this evening at their hall.
The committee in charge includes Dr. J. Pur
vis. Samuel K. Love and Charles J. Kryster.
TO CORRECT INEQUALITIES
IN OAKLAND ASSESSMENT
OAKLAND, Oct. 9. — With his
clothing torn to shreds, stark naked
and moaning: like an animal in pain,
Paolo Angelo, awaiting trial on a
charge of horse stealing, was found
in his cell at the County Jail this
morning evidently insane. Jailers
Harry Clark and Percy White watched
Angelo closely, but after hours of vigil
saw no signs of recovery, except in
termittent spells of quiet, when the
prisoner would listen to the pleas of
the Jailers to settle down;
Angelo was arrested and taken to
the County Jail August 28 from Liver
more. He appeared to be rational
until a few days ago, when his con
versation became erratic It was at
3 o'clock this morning that the pris
oner broke out in his wildness.
Through the night he climbed up and
down the grated doors with the agility
of a monkey. Angelo is 38 years old.
Jailer Clark said the man had been
thrice an inmate of State hospitals.
He will be given into the care of the
Lunacy Commissioners.
Paolo Angelo, Awaiting Trial on
Charge of Horse Stealing, Shows
Signs of Violent Insanity.
ACTS LIKE A MADMAN
W1UI..E IN PRISON* CELL.
Alameda Connty.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 8.
Paulena and Joreph T. Hinch to Anne 8.
Cunningham (widow), lot on SE corner of Birca
and Maple streets, E 00 by 8 150, lot 60, map
Temescal Park. Oakland (recorded October 3.
1904): 810.
J. M. McKinlay (husband of Luella) to Luel
la McKinlay (wife), lot on SE corner of Thlrty
fcurth and Dwinelle streets, 3 40 by E 115, lot
5. amended map College- Heights. Oakland (re
corded October 3. laO4); gift.
John Turciacsi* (single) to Mathew Burns,
lot on X line of Grayson street. ll*> E of Xintn,
E SO by X 100. lot 0. block 162, Grayson Tract.
Berkeley (recorded October 3. 19<>4>: $10.
Aloert F. and Mary Connett (wife) to Oacar
W. Meyers, lot on E line of West street. 7.1 X
of Thirty-eighth. N by £ 110 lot 4 and
portion of lot 3. block C. Major Given Tract.
Oakland: $10.
Lilla C. Maul to Charles A. Anderson, lot on
X line of Thirtieth street. 1«5 W of Grove W
50 by X HD, lot 31. block 2tX54. Oakland: $10.
Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to Ranson
X. and Edith L. P. Beach, lot on XE line of
Punnyside avenue. ICO SE of Lake, thence XB
1C3.S7 to point distant at right angles SE from
line of Lake avenue fts.7O thence SE 21 31
XE 34.71. SE 29.S. SW 127.04. X\V 51.8. por
tion of lots 7 to 11. block B. map Sather Tract
Oakland Township; $10.
L. E. Hatch (by R. J. McMullen and W. C.
Moody, trustees) to State Savings Bank. 804
D. 1S$ lot on Nff corner of Deakin and Wool
sey streets. X 45 by W 125. let 3. Hawley
Tract. Berkeley, trustees deed: $300.
Sarah A. McKee fby S. B. McK*e. attorney)
to John Gillson and Harry W. Macy. lot 24.
block 5. Santa F« Tract 5, B«rk*ley deed and
agre«ment: *1<>.
Reelty Syndicate (a. corporation) to W. W.
Porterfleld, lots 1 to 3 and X 4 feet of lot 4.
block 22. McGee Tract, portion of plat 67.
Berkeley; $10.
Elizabeth B. and Wilbur J. MacNeil t«
James U. Hmith. lot on S line of Ward street.
265 E of Ellsworth. E 37 :« by S 134:6. portion
lots 13 and 14, block F, Leonard Tract, Berke
ley: J10.
William E. and Mary O. Bryan to Mn. Ida
Bergmann, lot en 9 line of Pacifla avenue, 60
W of Sixth. 8 90 by W 43. Alameda: $10.
I. and Bertha Wcllls (wife) to Emil Len
hardt, lot on W line of Telegraph avenue. 108
N of Knox avenue or Twenty-seventh street.
W 104.02. S 30. E 13.O4. SE 25. SE 9*. X 46 to
beginning, portion of plat 2. Kellersberger 1 a
map. Ranches V. and t>. Peralta. and portion
of lot 45. map of Austin Park, Oakland; $10.
Oecrge Palmer (by Harlow P. Eaacroft, at
torney) to Emma M. Williams (wife of J. T ),
lots 15 and 16. block L. Santa Fe Tract 5,
Oakland, deed and agreement: $10.
Elizabeth A. Voorh'.es (widow) to W. A.
Lynn (single). lots 6 and 7, block 2, map th»
Highland, a resubdivision of blocks X to 3.
Tuohy Addition to Berkeley. Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Grace E. and W. J. Mortimer to Victoria
Trevellick, lot on E line of Milvla ttr»et. 60
N of Cedar, X 35 by E 96. portion of lot i?.
block 7. (J raves & Taylor Tract containing 40
acres, Berkeley: $10.
Reuben W. and Cassie M. Robie to Julia A.
San born, tot en X line of Parker street, 127 • 9
E of Ellsworth. E 37:6 by X 134:8. poTtlca of
lot 20. block B. Leonard Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Emma Edwards (widow) to O. A. Rudolph,
lot on X Une of Fairview itreet, S50 E of Ca
lais. E 50 by X 135. lot 3. block E. map sub
division survey portion of Harmon Tract.
BerVel'y; $10.
O. A. and L> J. Rudolph (wife) to Jennls
Burns (wife of Arthur), same; $!¦).
Raymond L. Pond (single) to Jacques Lr«!».
lot on N Une of Hearst avenue. SO W of High
land place W 50 by X 144.65. let 11. block XL
Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley; |10.
Annia J. L. Chiistensen (single) to Mary E.
T. Chrlstensen. lot en W line of Shenaaa
Mreat. 190 S of Santa Cl.%r% avenue C*0 fs«t
wide). S 50 by W 150. lot* 17 and IS. block 1».
homestead of Mary A. Fitch. Alameda.; gift.
' Lorlcy M. and Cyrus A. Brown to Chii»
tenla Foster, lot en £ Une of VermlQe* avenue
(as Hfflr »-xist» 60 feet wide). 3O».12 N of San
Jose avenue (as mm* now exists) these* S
114.19. N 40. W 117.17. 8 40.34. Alamed*; «10.
STEALS WHILE VICTIM SLEEPS.—Oak
land. Oct. fr— A. Neely*« »lumber» U*t ntghz
cost him exactly $3 05 in United State* coin.
While Neely slept at his home. 213 Fifth
street, a bold sr.eak thief entered, deftly re
moved his trouser*. rifled them of th« money
and departed, leaving the pantaloons oa the
front porch. When Neely awoke thl» morn
int he discovered the "pants" on the porch.
Neety Informed tha pollc*. Ther« is no clew
to the thief.
REAL ESTATE TR-VXS ACTIONS.
Horace W. Houlding, founder of the
South Chili Mission, in North China,
and famous internationally in foreign
missionary work, will visit Oakland
Tuesday with a corps of thirty-two
missionaries who have enlisted for ser
vice in the Orient. These workers have
been enrolled during a recent tour of
the United States by Houlding. They
are interdenominational and are under
control of no board of missions, de
pending for support upon voluntary
pledges from many sources. The party
will sail Thursday on the Mongolia.
Tuesday morning and evening they
will conduct services at the Union
street Presbyterian Church. They will
be at the First Presbyterian Church
Tuesday afternoon.
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion has begun to collect subscriptions
for the erection of the new building at
Fourteenth and Jefferson streets. The
directors will call for the redemption of
pledges from subscribers as rapidly as
possible that the work of construction
shall be forwarded. It is the policy of
the board to have on hand money
enough to meet expenses before actual
building operations have been started.
The Harmony Quintet of San Fran
cisco took part to-night in the pro
gramme of music at the First Presby
terian Church. The members are Mrs.
T. Fletcher, Mrs. John Madden, Miss
Mabel Gordon, Mrs. Robert Lloyd and
Miss Edith Adams. Among the num
bers was "Falling Softly," composed by
Robert Lloyd, the choirmaster.
The Pacific branch of the Women's
Foreign Missionary Society has elected
the following officers:
President, Mrs. George B. Smyth; eorre-
Fpondlng secretary, Mrs. Charlotte O'Neil,
Tafartena; recording secretary, Mrs. J. R.
Umsted; treasurer, Mrs. Z. L. Parmalee; vice
presidents — Mrs. C. E. Brown. Los Angeles;
Mrs. Emily Kecfer. Los Angeles; Mrs. Isaac
Jewell. Olema; Mr*. John Stafford. Los An-
Kelts; Mrs. E. It. Willis, San Francisco; Mrs.
K. D. . Uovard, Berkeley; Mrs. W. C. Sawyer,
College Park; Mrs. J. H. Glide, Sacramento;
secretary of California Conference, Mrs. Charles
C. Txmibard. Oakland; secretary of Nevada
Conference, Mrs. Lucy Van Deventer, Reno;
secretary of German Conferer.ee. Mrs. William
Pchmutzler. San Francisco; secretary of South
ern California Canference, Mrs. H. E. M. Pet
tee, L.cr Angeles; secretary of Arizona Con
ference, Mrs. A. F. Gibbons. Phoenix.
The annual conference of 1905 will be
held at Pomona,
The Rev. J. C. Bolster, the new pas
tor of the Chester-street Methodist
Church, and Mrs. Bolster will be guests
of the church at a reception Monday
evening at the church.
The Rev. George W. Lyons of tlay
wards 'preached to-day at the Centen
nial Presbyterian Church.
The Rev. William Jenkins preached
to-day at Calvary Baptist Church.
"Bishop Potter's Saloon and Other
Real and Alleged Reformatory Meas
ures" was the subject of a discourse
; this evening by the Rev. Homer J. Vos
: burgh, pastor of the First Baptist
Church.
The Rev. William Robert Reud of
Bates' College, Lewlston, Me., occupied
the pulpit to-day at the First Free
Baptist Church.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 9.
A. R. Denke of the West End is Dre
paring to erect a number of cottases
In that section of the city and plans
to commence work as soon as the
weather settles.
J. C. Hanley, whose business is con
fined principally to the fashionable res
ident district in the vicinity of Morton
station, is in receipt of Inquiries from
Eastern and San Francisco parties
looking for choice home sites and he
feels certain that some of these will
result in an addition of residences and
residents to Alameda.
Charles Adams & Co. of Bay Station.
William Dufour & Co of Park street
and Santa Clara avenue and Hally &
Co. of Santa Clara avenue and Oak
street, reported steady demands for
houses to let far in excess of the sud
plr.
There is a steadily increasing demand
for residence property In Fruitvale. and
dealers are kept busy securing suita
ble locations for purchasers. Renting
is at a standstill, there being few
hou5€s to be had. The Fruitvale Board
of Trade is compiling a series of Items
setting forth the advantages of Fruit
vale and the surrounding territory, and
af soon as sufficient data have been
secured, an article descriptive of th»
district will be prepared for publication
1n the magazine issued by the Califor
nia Promotion Committee.
The Key route Ferry Company has
begun thf» construction of waltlne
roome at Fortieth street and Teleeraph
avenue ar.d Fortieth and Grove streets
to accommodate the increasing traffic.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 9.— There is a lull
in the local realty market, which is
attributed by many dealers to the po
litical campaign now on. and to the un
usual tail of rain for this time of the
year. The demand for modern cottaces
to rent continues, but building has re
ceived a setback because of the wet
weather. No transfers of any note have
been made during the last week.
Frank N. Dodd of the Alameda Land
Company states that his firm has had
numerous inquiries from San Francisco
persons concerning local improved and
unimproved property. He attributes
this inquiry to the impression that is
becoming general that it will not be
long before the Southern Pacific Com
pany will change the motive power on
its two Alameda lines from steam to
electric. When that change is made
it is admitted that property along Rail
road and Encinal avenues, on which the
steam roads run. will command higher
prices.
Hammond & Hammond are busy
with persons looking for houses to
rent.
Through W. J. Mortimer &. Co.,
Richard Mou of the Contra Costa
Construction Co. has purchased the
home of Mrs. Borel, on Virginia
street, between Euclid and Scenic av
enues, and will make it his home.
This firm has sold also to M. C. Mc-
Curdy of Bolinas, a. home on Grove
street, which the purchaser will oc
cupy with his family while his chil
dren are going to the University.
J. J. Mason & Co. have sold thirty
three of the -10 lots in the Fairview
Park tract, the southeastern entrance
to Berkeley. This tract was recently
thrown on the market, and is one of
the most detirable building portions
of the town. Mason & Co. have sold
* number of lots in the Hopkins Ter
race tract, half of which is sold.
Through this Una B. C. Brooks of
tlureka has purchased J. L. Barker's
house on Warring street for $16,000.
and a new house on Durant avenue
lor Ji-Soo. The Barker house he will
rent mid the other he will occupy as
a residence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Oct. 8.
Suburban real estate dealers are
well satisfied with the oondition of
the market, and are contident that
the winter will be marked by activity.
There is a demand for all kinds of
residence properly. Inquirers want to
£et cash prices on property.
Building is active, and construction
will continue during the rains.
That Berkeley is becoming desirable
as a residence town Is patent from the
number of sales to outsiders. Isgrigg
& Harris have been successful in lo
cating home builders. Within the
week the firm has disposed of eight
lots, upon which the purchasers will
build. These purchasers are all out
siders, live ol them hailing from
Southern California, two from Oak
land, and one from San Francisco.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 9.— Fire broke out
at 11 o'clock to-night in Armory Hall,
the headquarters of Company G, Fifth
Regiment, N. G. C, destroying several
thousand dollars' worth of military
equipment and badly damaging the
building. Of the company's arms only
one Krag-Jorgensen rifle waB saved.
A large quantity of regimental sup
plies, including blankets, tents and
clothing in custody of the quartermas
ter, was burned or ruined by water.
Members of the company, at consider
able risk, carried four thousand rounds
of ammunition out of the burning arm
ory. There were explosions of car
tridges at intervals as the fire ad
vanced, showing that the men did not
save all of the shells. Some shelter
tents and blankets were rescued- About
fifty rifles were burned, as were all of
the fittings of the company's rooms,
including furniture, piano, carpets, bil
liard tables and the like.
The fire was first seen on the roof at
the front of the hall, wnich is on Park
street and Buena Vista avenue. By the
time the firemen were at work the
flames were under good headway. The
building is a large frame structure, old
and infiammable. The rains helped to
check the spread of the fire. It is* sup
posed a defective flue caused the fire.
There was a large auditorium in the
main building and the rooms adjacent
were occupied by Company G. The
company's loss approximates $2500,
with $500 insurance.
The regimental loss cannot yet be
estimated. The building was damaged
to the extent of $3000 to $4000. It is
owned by the Dr. J. C. Tucker estate.
When they commanded me to put up my
hands I did so, without loss of time, and told
them to bo to it. One of them took what
money I had in my pockets and the. other fel
low, who kept me covered with his" gun, said
"get his watch." They did not find the watch,
which I carried in a small pocket In my
trousers. I observed that one of the fellows
had red hair and the other black hair. I be
lieve they were green at the holdup business,
as their voices seemed to tremble when they
spoke.
Stanley has a barber shop at 1533
Park street, Alameda. After counting
and pocketing the receipts of the day
he boarded an electric car, which he
left at Twenty-third avenue and East
Fourteenth street. What happened
after that, as related by Stanley, fol
lows:
Upon leaving the car I proceeded north alone
Twenty-third avenue toward East Sixteenth
street. I observed two young fellows walking
ahead of me for two blocks. When I came up
with them they separated and permitted me to
pass between them on the sidewalk. They
then crossed over to the opposite side of the
avenue, quickened their pace and disappeared
in the darkness. The next I saw of them was
when they stepped; out from the shadows on
the same side of the avenue on which I was
traveling and ordered ma to throw up my
hands. They both wore masks and had pistols
aiming directly at me.
Two masked highwaymen held up
and at the, point of revolvers relieved
Edward Stanley of $25 last night at
10:30 o'clock on Twenty-sixth avenue,
near East Fourteenth street, while the
victim of the robbers was on his way
to his home in Fruitvale. Stanley of
fered no resistance to the footpads, as
they took him by surprise and got the
drop on him before he realized their
purpose. He yielded all the coin he
had and was told to go and earn some
more.
While one man kept guard with the
weapon the companion robber, also
displaying a revolver, deftly removed
Campbell's jewelry and relieved him
of his money.
Campbell was permitted to continue
his interrupted journey after being ad
monished to raise no alarm.
Two pairs of highwaymen at oppo
site ends of the city operated last
night. Each brace of., footpads was
successful. The first encounter was
that of two robbers armed with pis
tols, who held up C. W. Campbell on
Tenth street, near Market, and robbed
him of a watch, chain, diamond locket
and $9 while he was walking home last
night at 9:30 o'clock. Campbell lives
at 966 Tenth street, near the scene of
the robbery.
Because he objected to the notoriety
Campbell kept his adventure from the
police until this afternoon. The vic
tim could give only a meager descrip
tion of his assailants, the darkness
preventing him from getting a fair
look at them.
Campbell told the police that }he
footpads suddenly came upon him from
the cover of trees that line the side
walk. Before he had time to move
he was ordered to throw up his hands
and a pistol was presented at his head,
Inforcing the demands.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Oct. 9.
The old man's most serious external
injury was the fracture of the leer,
coupled with a mass of cuts and bruises
about the head, face and hands. In
fact he was almost unrecognizable. On
top of this was the severe shock
followed by the exposure to the
storm of the night. Miller was ly
ing between • the railroad tracks, his
body clear of passing trains. The
switching crew that found him. took
him on a car to the foot of Peralta
street and thence he was removed by
the police to the hospital.
Dr. J. J. Meigs, the Southern Pacific
Company's surgeon, censured the crew
for not sending word to the company's
doctors. He said Miller would have
been sent immediately to the Southern
Pacific hospital In San Francisco If
the medical department had been in
formed.
Harry Borchert. steward at the Re
ceiving Hospital, found among Miller's
effects a slip of paper upon which was
written: "If anything should happen,
telegraph to Mrs. F. M. Lilly. Oxnard.
Ventura County." Miller regained con
sciousness enough to say Mrs. Lilly
was his Fister. Another address was
that of Mrs. Sarah Benson. 259 East
Sixty-second street. Chicago. She is
supposed to be another sister of Miller
with whom he had been visiting.
After a night of wretched exposure
from the storm, lying between the
Southern Pacific Company's tracks near
Sixteenth-street station, with his right
leg badly fractured, D. L. Miller, 72
years old, of Santa Margarita, was
found at 6 o'clock this morning by a
railroad switching crew. He had fallen
from an overland train last night. Un
conscious and helpless from hts severe
injuries and the shock, the aged man
was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
Dr. R. T. Stratton, the chief surgeon,
found the patient in a critical condition.
Amputation of the injured member will
probably be necessary, as circulation
had ceased in the extremity.
Miller had lain exposed to the drench
ing rain for at least eight hours. It
Is supposed that he fell from an in
bound overland, as his papers showed
that he had bern in Chicago on a visit
and was returning home. Near him
was a lunch basket. The theory is that
he had prepared to leave the train and
had stepped out on a platform to make
ready to alight, mistaking Sixteenth
street station for the Oakland pier. The
swing of the car at a curve caused
him to lose balance and pitch off the
platform, unseen by any. of the train
crew.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Oct. 9.
The Bay Cities Water Company has
renewed its offer to sell a municipal
water supply to Oakland for $3,750,000.
Its idea is to Increase its tender of a
guaranteed delivery of 12,000,000 gal
lons of water daily to 20.000.000. This
is said to be made possible by the ac
quisition of a large, watershed alone
the Arroyo Valle in Alameda County,
to be connected with the Santa Clara
watersheds already acquired by means
of tunnels. The company Indicates
that it has met with objection ur^ed
to its scheme by Desmond Fitzgerald,
who made a report on the tender that
was presented to the city last year.
Fitzgerald outlined the tunnelinsr idea
which the company has probably
adopted. This, second scheme is based
upon the same cost as the first one.
On the city's part will lay the con
struction of receiving and impounding
reservoirs and the construction of the
necessary service distributing pipe
lines throughout the city.* The com
pany requires that the* proper legis
lation shall be enacted by which the
scheme shall be submitted to a board
of hydraulic and civil engineers. Thl3
board shall make a thorough investiga
tion of the plan and shall say whether
the company is capable of fulfilling its
guarantee to deliver 20.000.000 gallons
a day. If the experts* report shall be
favorable, the company asks the City
Council to pledge itself to submit the
project to the people at a bond elec
tion. In case the engineers' report
shall be adverse the Bay Cities Water
Company agrees to pay the cost of the
Investigation. No suggestion is made
as to how the board of engineers shall
be appointed.
The amended tender comes on the
eve of a special meeting of the City
Council, which was called for to-mor
row night to consider the question of a
municipal water supply.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Oct. 9.
BERKELEY, Oct. 9. — A m**tinc will h«
called next week by those interested in the
local work of the Y. II. C. A. to consider
the transfer of the settlement work from the
settlement association to the hands of the
Y. M. C. A.
Coach Morrow of the University of Oalt
frrrla football team declares all rumors of
a disagreement In the ranks ar» false. The
utmost harmony, he nays, prevails.
The contract for floors and rooflnr for
the Hearst Memorial Hall has been awarded
by Mrs. Phoebe A. Hearst to tha Western
L'xpanded Metal Company and to Maloney
Brothers. The value of the contract amount*
to 120,600.
The reception given by the women of the
freshman class to their brothers, the '08 men.
last night, was the signal for the opening
of the social Beason. Over 375 were present.
The committees in charge of the ¦ successful
affair were: .
Arrangements — Margaret Still (chairman).
Carrie Parsons, Dorr.tnea Van Orderi, Margaret
Daniels and Lucy Burgess.
Finance — Myrtle Amick (chairman). Daisy
Hill, Grace Thomas. Eva Smith. Grace Brans
ford and Katherine Dourfaa.
Decoration* — Frederica Judy (chairman).
Edith Ostrander. Juar.ita David. Katie Healey.
Rebecca Thompaon, Alice Voice. Edith Bear-i.
Emily Amorose, Elsie Cole. Irene Galnes a.-.d
I.thel Stur^e*,
Reception — Alice Voice (chairman), Daisy
Hill. Ethel Sturgess, Roberta Boyd. Kathrya
Burns, Ida jCrowley, Grace Bradshar, Mildred
Jones, Alma. Koepke, Ernestine Moller. Fran
ce* Walter, Ruth Green. Ethel Jones, Mar
garet Crum. Elsie Cole. Myrtle Amick. L» .n
Lane and Ethel Enyeart.
The t>atroness«s were: Mrs. Benjamin Ids
Wheeler, Mrs. Frank Soule, Mrs. Gfronre C
Edwards, Mrs. Walter Magee. Mrs. W. Scoit
Thomas, Mrs. George Noyes and Mrs. Cllftoa
Price.
At Great Risk Guardsmen
Bravely Carry Out Large
Quantity of Ammunition
Acquires New Watersheds
and Prepares to Meet
Objections of Last Year
One Holdup Occurs in Cen
tral Oakland, the Other
Happens Near Fruitvale
Y. M. C, A. Board Asks for
Cash on Subscriptions for
Erection of New Building
D. L. Miller, Seventy-Two
Years Old, Exposed for
Hours With a Broken Leg
« ¦ ¦
People From San Francisco
and Other Cities Seeking
Homes in Alameda County
FEW HOUSES FOR RENT
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
PISTOLS ARE IN PLAY
FIEE DAMAGES AK3I0EY
FALLS FROM A TRAIN
COLLECT (THE PLEDGES
AMEXDS ITS OLD PLAXS
Switching Hands Find the
Senseless Form of an In
jured Traveler on Track
Headquarters of Company G,
Fifth Eegiment, X. G. C,
Gutted by Conflagration
Two Eobberies Yield Coin
and Jewelry to Pairs of
Armed Prowlers at Night
Dealers in Suburban Heal
Estate Report Many in
quiries for Residence Sites
Band of Thirty-Two Volun
teers to Visit Oakland
En Route to the Orient
Guarantees City of Oakland
It Can Supply Twenty
Million Gallons Daily
FLAMES LEAVE
BUT ONE RIFLE
EXPECT ACTIVE
WINTER MARKET
STORM BEATS
ON AGED MAN
FOOTPADS OPEN
WINTER SEASON
WATER COMPANY
OFFERS TO SELL
MISSIONARIES
TO BE HEARD
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1904
Continued Prom Page 3, Column 7.
POPULIST LEADER WATSON ISSUES PROPAGANDA
SEW YORK, Oct. J>.— The residence
at Tarrytoxvn of M. Rumsey Miller, a
lawyer of New York, was destroyed by
fire to-day. The place was one of the
handsomest in Tarrytown. Only a few
jewels were Raved. Miller is an invalid
from paralysis and was removed with
the preatest difficulty. He suffered
from the shock and J? said to be in a
serious condition.
Miss Louise Miller was married on
Tuesday and all her weddingr presents
were destroyed. The loss is estimated
M J100.000.
REMOVED WITH DIFFICULTY
FROM BURNING RESIDENCE
4
BKAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
IO16 Broadnray.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKKLEY.
2 US Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
sufferers, read what
Hydrozone
and CLYCOZONE have doo* for »
celebrated journalist ta on* week.
Prsf. Qttt!cs Marcbaad.
£S?£2 condition of ,zxnu that !ui worried tnd
perplexed me far the patt Ten jnt%. Yaunwrr truly.
Joseph Howard, Jr., tjs Niuin St, N. Y.
Free trial bottle, of Hydroxona and
Ulycozon© »ent on receipt of «c. to oav
expressage. These preparations are harm-
less, yet powerful germicides, used by lead-
ing physicians. Sold by best drm£x™**-
«1-O Prince St.. New York.
Stndfor booklet horn to prerent and eurt dutate.
MEHANDWQWE?!.
5#Eg|FtrRr?^a Ce Big O fornnnitsnU
m&W llc b *•**•%* <*i»char«M,inflanin»atloai,
ffBTa °«*'»»«»*» |3 Irnutian* or ulcer»tioa»
m^Z£ y»»'wm. o f n ucoa a mem.raaM.
¦ ••V" tTl&SUHtJrCilCO. gant or poisonous
l«g3ktt»«**T1.8raHj| ««l4l by Dwig^lst*
J^i*!^ **•**• JZhT -r Mat la > J * la »rapp— >
IJ^^CTti-.-iL'^Jr br tx ?f*»i. prepaid, far
•• ClrraUr rat «g mu*•'; ¦ We ; have converted ' our picture room
into a beautiful art gallery for the exhi
bition'and sale of moderate priced paint
ings, > water, colors,-, pastels, etchings and
fine- photographs. Inspection cordially
invited. Sanborn, Vail & Co.? 741 Market
street.- - ¦¦. •
A New^Art'. Gallery.
A special excursion train for Willlts,
which left here yesterday j morning,
narrowly escaped being wrecked on
the up trip at'a«point betweenpieta
and ; Fountain. ; A i bowlder loosened ; by
the late rains had fallen on the track.
Engineer. Clancy saw the obstacle just
in time, stopped his train and had the
rock v removed. ..
• Bowlder Falls in Path of Train.
Dr. M. E. Smith, a dentist, whose
place of business is 1170 Market
street, was arrested by Special Police
man Harper at the Ocean Beach yes
terday afternoon, and two charges
one of carrying concealed weapons
and another of discharging , firearms
within the city limits — were placed
against Jiim. Smith was amusing
himself by shooting in the direction
of the ocean, when strollers on the
beach caused his arrest.
Causes Dentist's Arrest.
Piece Hurled Across Street, Crashes
Through .Window ¦ and Plays
Havoc With Crockery.
Overheard at Breakfast Table.
John— At last a salt that runs freely.
Mr».John — Yes,dear; It's Leslie Sterilized Salt.
John— That man Leslie is a benefactor, sure.*
A curious accident hapened at Post
street and Grant avenue yesterday
morning. On the northwest corner
Contractor D. J. Sullivan is .tearing
down a building. The men were low
ering * a four-ton girder .with '.-.ropes
when one of the ropes broke and. the
girder fell to the ground. It struck
a wooden roller eight inches in dia
meter and cut it in two. |
One of the pieces fell across the
street, struck the sign of the Great
American Tea Company, 209 Grant
avenue, glanced . off . the • sign and
crashed through the * plate-glass win
dow. It landed among- a" display; of
crockery- ware and played havoc • with
It. Fortunately no one was injured.
'/, Policeman Gruenwald was an eye
witness of the accident. ' The ; smash
ing of the glass attracted* a A large
crowd, and Gruenwald i had, "all ir ; he
could do to keep the people back.*^ -,%
MO.VDAT. OCTOBEIl*10.'
Ean rise* 6 . 13
£»n *«** - 5:40
Moon Bets 6:M- p. ra.
V iTlme (Time! ¦ [Time! Time ~~"
* I Ft. I 1 Ft. |~ 1 Ft. j-— - Ft.
10 0:07 5.4 5:34| I.SjiTTS fi.7 6 14— Ol
Jl l:0r. ft.l 6:17 1.8 12:32 6.7 7:05 Hfl2
12 2:00 >4.R 7:02 2.4 1*18 6.3 S:OoH©i
13 3:0C 4.t> 7:00 2.8 2:02 5.3 8:6% 0 0
14 4:05 4.&I S:SO 3.1 2:57 3.0 8:08 <)•>
15 16:11 4&:iO:uO 3 2 3:53 i.e, 11:00 O.\
NOTE- In Ihe above exposition of the tides
th* *«tly moruinx tides are riven In the left
hand column and the FUcceeeive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time- the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
fisy, «xc#pt when there are but three tides as
sometime* occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundless of the United State*
Coast Survey Charts, except when a miaus < )
«;m precede* the height, and then the number ,
¦ivea Is cubtracted from the depth gives br ¦
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
•teemers. etc, at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 33 cents; round trip BO cents. Morton
gptcial .Delivery. 308 Taylor st. «30 Market
St.. Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 46*
Notice, to Passengers.
HEAVY GIRDER FALLS AND
BREAKS WOODEN ROLLER
OT Er—Thi hi*rh and low waters occur at
tfc# c:ty front < Mission -street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point- the height
o: t'.de U tbe *ame at both places
United Stair« Ccast and Geodetic Survey —
Tla-rf and Height of High and Low Waters
«t Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
tay. Published by offlcial authority of the
Euperintendrrrt.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
Agathon Akergren, who was fa
miliarly known to the pub
lic as night watchman of the Palace
Hotel, a. position he held for many
years, died Saturday night at his
home, 45 Sharon street. Akergren
contracted a severe cold in his lungs
several months ago while on duXVat
the Palace and fell a victim to con
sumption. He leaves a wife and' a
host of friends, most of whom were
acquired during ; his years of faithful
service with the Sharon Estate Com
pany, a
Watchman Andy, Is Dead.
spection.
Containing over 1700 in California and every
person and concern in business in the State
arranged alphabetically in their respective
towns; also, railroad farce, population, names of
all county officials, banking, etc. Indispensable
to the business man and lawyer. Informa
tion found in a moment that will take days
to obtain otherwise. A postal to Suits-Shu
man Company, 738 Mission street, or phone
Black 647S. will bring agent with book for in-
Suits-Shuman Company's State Direc
tory for 1904-1905.
Funeral services over the remains
of Edmund Orr Deming were held at
the late residence of the deceased, 74 S
Ellis street, yesterday afternoon. Nu
merous representative citizens congre
gated around the bereaved family and
paid every respect to the departed.
Flowers were sent from many life
long friends of Mr. Deming, and the
cortege in itself testified to the high
esteem in which he was held in the
community.
The solemn services were conducted
by the Rev. George G. Eldredge, pas
tor of St. John's Presbyterian Church.
After the services at the house the
remains were escorted on special train
to Cypress Lawn Cemetery, where the
interment took place.
Numerous Representative Men Attend
Obsequies of the Late Edmund
Orr Demins.
PAY RESPECT AT BIER
OF ESTEEMED CITIZEN
Winnie Little, a young woman, who
roomed at 208 O'Farrell street died
at the City and County Hospital yes
terday from what was diagnosed as
tablet poison. The woman had been
a waitress at the Miramar Hotel on
Geary street for a number of months,'
at .which place she was well spoken
of as being of a modest and retiring
disposition. She roomed at - the
O'Farrell-street house since last June.
A few days ago she .was recommended
to' take "hectic" tablets for sortie trou
ble In her lungs. After taking some
of these she became seriously ill and
was removed on Saturday to the
Emergency. Hospital, where she was
treated bv Dr. Kuclch. - She was later
removed to the City and County Hos
pital. .
Dies From Tablet Poison.
Another. Carload of Trunks,
Valises and dress suit cases Just arrived
-^-carload rates save money and you get
the benefit. Lowest prices and best
goods. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. . •
WANTED IN SANTA CRUZ.— Edwin Bur
ling, alias Brown, was arrested in a house
or. Central avenue yesterday by Detective
O'Dea and Sheriff Trafton of Santa Crux. He
Is wanted there on a . charge of stealing a
horse and buggy belonging to A. G. Abbott.
The rig . was recovered on Friday by Sheriff
Trafton. Burling has served two terms in
the County Jail; one for passing a fictitious
check, the other for petty larceny.
J. W. . Thornton, alias Wilson, the
Eastern pickpocket, was arrested last
week by Detective Ryan and identified
by H. E. Floyd. Thornton stole
Floyd's diamond stud, valued at $250,
on an electric car at the Cliff House
on the afternoon of September 30.
The pickpocket has now been identi
fied by another victim.
Amon G. Carter of 1417 Sacramento
street selected Thornton from among
five men who were ranged before him
in the City Prison on Saturday morn
ing. Carter said that he and his wife
were on a car going to the Cliff House
on April 24. Thornton jostled against
him and almost immediately he dis
covered that his diamond pin had been
taken from his necktie.
Carter accused Thornton of the
theft, but Thornton indignantly de
nied it. Thornton jumped off the car,
however, suspecting that Carter would
hail a policeman. About an hour later
Carter saw Thornton in Golden Gate
Park and chased him, but Thornton
was the better sprinter. The police
are satisfied there are other victims
to be heard from.
Amon G. Carter Recognizes Eastern
Pickpocket as Man Who Stole
Diamond Pin Last April.
THORNTON* IDENTIFIED
BY ONE MORE VICTIM
A meeting of traffic representatives
of the Southern Pacific, Union Paeiflc.
Santa Fe and the Salt Lake roads will
be held in this city to-day. The meet
ing has been called for the purpose
of readjusting passenger rates between
Los Angeles and Salt Lake City and
points in Colorado, such as Colorado
Springs and Denver, and also points
in Montana. T. H. Goodman and G.
A. Par kyns will represent the South
ern Pacific, J. J. Byrne the Santa Fe,
T. C. Peck the Salt Lake road and T.
C. Davidson the Union Pacific. The
meeting has been called in anticipa
tion of the early completion of the
Salt Lake road, which will be an im
portant factor in the passenger traffic
business between Los Angeles and the
other points mentioned above.
Traffic Men of Roads Leading: Into Ix>s
AnReles Will Confer Here
To-Day.
HONOLULU, Oct. 2. — As a result of
the murder of S. E. Damon of Bishop
& Company's bank, by a Porto Rican
thief, the police have been giving: a
good deal of attention to Porto Rican
vagrants, of whom there are many in
the city. The vags are being rounded
up and. given heavy sentences.
Disciplining Porto Rican Vagg
WILL CONSIDER PLAN
TO READJUST RATES
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. »— 5 p. m.
COAST RECORD.
g~ 2 K O w jST
§ :?5 S5 a? *£ I
3 Bg53 *Z g s %
STATION* | j||§ |f ?a |
I p p | ; f
£**«" »-«0 54 40 SE Cloudy .24
c * rs °n ».96 58 42 SW Pt.Cldy Tr
g^reka 29. St 68 62 SW Cloudy 06
£ r « n <> 30.04 70 48 SE Cloudy Tr
aE. Farallon. 29. 95 ft4 66 SW Pt.Cldy .40
£ U * lrt * ft =9-»» 6* « W Clear 04
Pocatello 30.00 54 42 SE Rain 16
Independence .29.92 66 48 S Clear !oo
Los Angeles.. 30 08 72 ...W Pt.Cldy .40
Mt Tamalpals 29.99 65 88 SW Foeffy 53
North Head... 29. 70 64 54 S , Cloudy Tr.
Phoer.ix.. .30.00 78 64 NW Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt.. 29.02 65 84 8 Clear 52
P . c ? I £ nd ~ 29 - 70 72 42 s Cloudy !oo
Red BlufT 20.94 60 54 SE Cloudy 74
Roseburg ....29.76 64 48 SW Pt.Cldy .06
Sacramento ..29.98 (W 66 FE Rain .50
Salt Lake 29.98 56 . . S Cloudy .01
Ean Franclsco.30.00 66 56 W Clear 68
Fan L. Oblspo.30.06 66 62 SE Rain *3S
San Diego .'(0.06 72 CO NW Clear 04
Seattle 29.74-68 60 TV Pt.Cldy Tr.
Spokane 29.88 68 42 E Clear 00
Tatoo*h 20.68 56 48 E Cloudy .00
Walla.. 23. 82 70 46 E Pt.Cldy 0°
Winnemucca .r.0.02 52 38 SW Rain 18
Yiima 2:1.98 80 66 W Clear Tr.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cl>udy and threatening weather prevails
ever the entire Pacific slop* and rain has fallen
from San Diego northward. Rain waa falling
at the time of observation at Sacramento and
San Luis Obiepo. A thunderstorm has oc
curred at Salt Lake City.
The storm has been forced northwestward
and is now central off the Washington coast.
The following high winds are reported:
Point Reyes, 54 miles per hour, from the south
and Farallon, 40, south.
Forecast made at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 10:
Northern California — Showers Monday; brisk
southerly wind.
Southern California — Showers Monday; light
southwest wind. .
Nevada — Showers Monday.
Ean Francisco and vicinity — Showers Mon
day, brisk southerly wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Showers Monday;
light southwest wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Showers Monday.
Fresno and vicinity — Showers Monday.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
Temporarily in Charge.
Charles Fermath, a machinist, who
lives at 912 Michigan street, was so
indiscreet as to. drink with two
strangers at Third and Howard
streets at 2 o'clock yesterday morning.
They professed to know him, and were
very sociable. After the drinking
they walked down the street with
him.
Suddenly one of them dealt Fer
math a blow from behind. It knocked
him down, whereupon the other
"friend" took $3 from Fermath's
trousers, after which the two left him
bleeding on the sidewalk.
Fermath's head was patched at the
Central Emergency Hospital, where he
described the footpads in such a way
that the police say they will be able
to find the criminals.
Charles Fermath Is the Victim of
Two Desperate and Cunning:
Robbers.
FOOTPADS BUY DRINK
. ' THEN HOLD UP GUEST
Ed Murray, a Barbary Coast "bum,"
hit upon the old trick yesterday aft
ernoon of pretending that he was
minus an arm and a leg. He sta
tioned himself at Kearny and Sacra
mento streets, sitting: upon one foot
and having one of his arms under his
coat. He held his hat in the other
hand and a number of people dropped
nickels into it Those who did not
were met with a storm of abuse.
Complaints were made to Police
man J. L. Nelson, and he went to
where Murray was begging. Seeing,
as he thought, a cripple, Nelson told
Murray to get a move on. Murray
Jumped to his feet and struck at the
astonished policeman with both hands.
Nelson instantly recognized him and
soon took all the fight out of Murray,
who was taken to the City Prison and
booked on a charge- of begging. When
searched one of his pockets was al
most filled with nickels. The Judge
will probably sentence Murray to
warm quarters with three meals a
day, as there is no chain gang, no pun
ishment other than shelter and food
for such men.
Gets Nickels by Begging and Is Ar
rested After a Desperate Flffht
With Policeman Nelson.
WEATHER REPORT.
BARBARY COAST VAGRANT
PRETENDS TO BE CRIPPLE
MILWAUKEE, Oct. 9. — The re
mains of Postmaster General Henry
Clay Payne were laid to rest in Forest
Home Cemetery in this city this after
noon. It is estimated that 25,000
persons viewed the remains at the
City Hall before they were removed
to All Saints' Cathedral this afternoon.
At 3 o'clock the casket was placed in
a hearse and under an escort of 200
letter carriers of the Milwaukee post
office the procession moved to the
church. The active pall bearers were
eight letter carriers from the Milwau
kee postoffice, who were employes
at the time Payne was postmaster of
Milwaukee.
The honorary pall bearers included
Secretaries Paul Morton, Victor B.
Metcalf and James Wilson: United
States Senators Quarles and Spooner,
Elmer Dover and Harry S. New.
The funeral party was met at the
church entrance by Bishop Nicholson,
his assistants, and a surpliced choir
of forty voices, who preceded them
td" the chancel. The full Episcopal
service was read by Bishop Nicholson.
The services at the grave were pri
vate.
Body of L/ate Postmaster General Ijald
to Rest in Forest Home Ceme
terey In Malwaukee. . [
MANY THOUSANDS VIEW
TIIE REMAINS OF PAYNE
Movements of steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
fanMateo... Tacoma. JOct. 10
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma jOct. 10
Area Eel River Ports Oct. 10
Arctic Humboldt |Oct. 10
Titania Nanalmo 'Oct. 10
Redor.do Portland & Astoria [Oct. 10
Ohchalis San Pedro lOct. 10
Wntura Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct. 10
Ftate of Cal.. ! San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 10
Sequoia I WHiapa. Harbor Oct. 10
San Pedro 'Humboldt 'Oct. 11
n LIndauer..j Grays Harbor ! Oct. 11
S. Monica San Pedro JOct. 11
J. Hipprins... Fan Pedro Oct. 11
Coronado Grays Harbor Oct. 11
Pomona J Humboldt Oct. 11
Pomo ! Point Arena A Albion.. Oct. 11
Columbia I Portland & Astoria Oct. 11
Bonita • Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 11
Mackinaw i Taroma Oct. 12
Mar'.i>osa j Tahiti JOct. 12
Homer I Humboldt 'Oct. 13
laqua j San Pedro | Oct. 13
Eureka ! Humboldt Oct. 13
VmatiUa i Puget Sound Ports Oct. 13
Point Arena..! Mendocino & Pt. Arena Oct. 13
F«maRos«.. San Diego & Way PU.IOct. 13
Corona Humboldt ' (Oct. 14
Rainier j Seattle & Bellingham.. Oct. 14
China ! China & Japan .Oct. 14
City Peking., j New Tork via Ancon.lOct. 15
Coos Bay ' San Pedro & Way Pts.|Oct. 15
Cfrtralia I Grays Harbor JOct. 15
Nlcaria ) Seattle lOct. IS
Arrata ; Coos Bay & Pt. Orford'Oct. 16
G W. Elder..; Portland & Astoria Oct. 16
Arr.mon Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 17
Jew-ie i Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 17
Alliance , Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 18
G'^n Puget Sound Ports Oct. 18
Fan Jot* | New Tork via Ancon.. Oct. 19
Aur*l:a i Portland & Astoria jOct. 19
TO SAIL.
gteaaer. | Destination. Balls. Pier.
October 10.
C Nelson. . Los Angeles Torts. 5 pm Pier 20
CfcehaJis... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Coob Bay... Ean Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 11.
F. Monica... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Chic© Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
•Arcata Coos B. 4 Pt Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
October 12.
Arctic Humboldt 9 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier •
October 13.
Itqua. Astoria & Portland 10 am Pier 2
Redondo... Aetcrla & Portland fl pm Pier 2
Pf>mon».... HuBiboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Porno pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Ban Diego A Way. 9 am Pier 11
Mongolia... China * Japan 1 pm'lPier 40
Newburg... Gray* Harbor 4 pm 1 Pier 10
G. Ltndauer Grays Harbor .... 1 pjmPier 2
October 14. j
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pmiPier 10
Fequoda. . . . Wi'.lapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Bor.lt* Newport & Way... 9 an Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm PJer 20
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Columbia....! AEtoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
October IS.
Point Arena? Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Newport ... j IC. V. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
October 17. i
UirttllU... Pur^t Seuad Pcrts.lll am Pier 9
October 18.
n&inier.... Seattle & Bellnghni 4 pm P1«r 10
October 19. I \ ,
Atner. Ma.ru' China & Japan \ 1 pmlPler 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Etcamer. '¦ Destination. Sails.
Cottage Ci!y. fkagway &. Way Ports. Oct. 1»
Dolphla Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 10
Berth* Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Oct. 10
Farallon Kkagway & Way Ports. Oct. 13
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way PorU.jOct. 14
Santa. An»... I geldoxia. &-Way Ports. Oct. 16
Storm, on the Bay.
The strong southeast gale yesterday on the
bay rocked th» big ships at their moorings and
kept the small craft inshore. A heavy swell
rolled in from the Golden Gate and many pas
sengers on the ferries were seasick. Several
coasters started out. but were forced to return.
Among them was the steam schooner Maggie,
bound for Halfmoon Bay. Rain fell at inter
vals till about 2 p. m.. when the wind died
down ar.d the storm abated.
Terms on Which I^and Was
Secured
Said to Have Failed to Comply With
HONOLULU, Oct. 2. — The Land
Department, acting under an opinion
giVen by the Attorney General, has
decided to proceed against a number
of settlers on public lands on Hawaii
who have failed to comply with the
terms upon which they secured the
lands from the Territory. It is
claimed that few of the land holders
have complied with the conditions
laid down in the law to entitle them
to perfect their titles, and they will
be evicted.
SETTLERS TO BE EVICTED
FROM ISLAXD OF HAWAII
He leaves the army with the highest
esteem of his brother officers and with
their deep regret that he has left the
service. Mrs. Bigelow and family will
remain here at the Hotel Nordhoff un
til the fall term of school la concluded.
Major John Bigelow Jr., U. S. A.,
who has just been offered the chair of
modern languages at the Massachu
setts Institute, of Technology, leaves
for Boston this morning to confer with
the faculty of that institution.
The honor bestowed upon Major
Bigelow is a high one. He has been
In the United States army ever since
1U77, at which date he was graduated
from "West Point. Since that time he
has seen strenuous service and has
taken great interest in the duties con
nected with his country's welfare. He
resigned last month.
During his sojourn here at the Pre
sidio, when in command of the Third
Squadron, Ninth Cavalry, he brought
that branch. of the army into prom
inence by his efficient drills. The old
swampy drill ground down by the ocean
beach he did not deem adequate for the
maneuvers necessary for the full evo
lutions of his squadron of cavalry, and
after a hard fight with Colonel Charles
Morris he succeeded in getting permis
sion to drill on the golf links. Here the
maneuvers directed by him were wit
nessed by great crowds, all of whom
were instructed and edified. Such bril
liant and snappy exercises had not
been seen in years. Though an able
and efficient officer in Uncle Sam's
army, Major Bigelow is also possessed
of literary attainments of a high or
der. He was professor of military sci
ence at the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology from 1894 to 1898. He is
author of "Mars-la-Tour and Gravel
otte," "Principles of Strategy" and
'•Reminiscences of the Santiago Cam
paign."
Major Bigelow was in the battle of
San Juan and on July 1 was severely
wounded there.
Contributions of any description will
be gratefully received by officers of the
nursery. In aid of the good work' the
Wells-Fargo Express Company has
consented to ship free of charge all
packages addressed to the nursery un
der fifty pounds in weight. All sub
scriptions and donations of supplies
should be addressed to the San Fran
cisco Nursery for Homeless Children,
1534 Mission street. •
The San Francisco Nursery for
Homeless Children is one of the oldest
institutions in San Francisco. For
many years it has been doing nobly
and well the work for caring for poor
children, but now appeals to the public
for aid in the erection of a new build
ing to house the increasing number
of applicants.
The work of the nursery is different
from that of other institutions in the
city. It receives aid from no church,
as it Is non-sectarian, and gives to all
the little ones a broad Christian train
ing. The nursery previously received
children of both sexes under the age
of 14, with no other recommendation
than that of necessity. At the present
time, however, it is compelled to turn
away from one to six applicants daily,
owing to lack of accommodations.
It Is the endeavor of the nursery to
give the children a home free from
anything that would mark them as "in
stitution children." At present sev
enty-five children are living In the
building at Twelfth and Mission
streets — a house that is old, not ar
ranged for nursery work, unsafe in
case of fire, and even insecure in the
society's tenure of it.
After many years of close economy
and hard work the nursery has been
able to purchase a block of land on
Lake street, between Fourteenth and
Fifteenth avenues, and the need of a
new building is keenly felt. Plans for
the building have been finished and
the foundations laid. The sum of $15,
000 has been raised, but fully $20,000
more is necessary to complete the
work.
BOSTON, Oct. 9.— Great crowds went
to Trinity Church to-day to hear the
Archbishop of Canterbury preach, and
to the Church of the Advent, where a
mass meeting in the interest of uobold-
Ing the sanctity of the marriage bond
was addressed by several well known
leaders in the Episcopal church.
Right Rev. William C. Doan, D. D.,
Bishop of Albany .and chairman of the
Interdenominational Committee of
Churches which is endeavoring to se
cure conformity regarding the remar
riage of persons who have been di
vorced, quoted from the marriage rit
ual of the prayer book to show that
nothing but death could sever those
who have -been united in holy matri
mony and said:
"I think it is time that the canons
of the church agreed with the prayer
book."
Rev. Dr. W. W. Webb of Neochita.
"Wis., said:
"There have been 50,000 divorces in
the United States during the last year.
Signs were not wanting that the peo
ple are realizing that the divorce evil
must be checked."
The escorts of the Holy Childhood
Sodality were Bernadine Winemiller,
Lucile Tighe, Marion Geary, Lucile
Foley and Marion McLean.
Cedele Heeney, Cora Thorpe. Marie Verdier,
Violet Flaherty, Geraldine Hinz, Marie Mar
tinez, Mary Tracy, Louise Cecil, Grace Doug
las, Mamie Welch. Florence MacDonald, Maude
Livingston, May McDevltt, Louisa Gancalves,
Mary Gaftney, Rose Notman, Camllle Sreso
vich, Ethel Gaston. Annie O'Brien. Alice Mc-
Glnney, Rowena Sullivan, Mary O'Brien and
Gertrude Kelly.
Aileen Casey, Mary Bowen, Florence Galli,
Minnie Mahoney, Marguerite Ackenhiel. Ur->
sula Kelly, Lizzie Tracy, Mazle O'Donnell,
Bertha Andrte,. Or& Dulbeau, Carrie Gllroy,
A^nes Comber. Edna Peckham, Clarice Sreso
vlch, Armadine Verdier, Harriette Wood. May
Bell, Evelyn Winemiller, Irene McCullough,
Eleanor Dellow, Mary Riordan. Gertrude Scan-
Jan, Lucy McDonnell, Ella McDonnell, Lottie
Cansdale, Winnie O'Rourke, Ethel Hook, Lydia
Svanzlne. Ruth Miller. Rosle O'Rourke, Minnie
Walsh, Claire McGlnney, Margaret Delbondlo.
Helen Selbelick.
The following escorted the Holy An
gels' Sodality:
Theresa Goddard, Ira Campbell, Irene
Kutcher, Eva Saglaw, Margaret Mahoney,
Lucy Mahony, Ernestine Murnik, Ruth Hefter
nan, Madeline O'Brien, Allca Henry, Ethel
Shoemaker, Anna Beck. Ethel Clafflln. Helen
Groesbeck. Irene Donnelly, Elsie Glblln, Katie
Combs, Hilda Carranza. Eleanor McMullen,
Helene McMullen, Margaret Reddln, Marion
"Warner, Eva Schrank, Ludnda Hall, Vivian
Martin, May Cummings, Mary Kerrigan, Ruth
Lennon, Theresa McCullough, Ida Varsocchini,
Claire O'Rook, Ethel Meehan. . Ruth Curran.
Frances Sullivan, Anna Walsh, Marlon Phil
lips.
Those consecrated into the Holy
Childhood Sodality were:
A pretty ceremony took place at St.
Mary's Cathedral yesterday afternoon,
when a number of children were conse
crated Into the Holy Childhood Sodal
ity and the Holy Angels' Sodality.
The consecrations were performed
with solemnity by the Rev. Father Je
rome B. Hannigan, who also delivered
an address to the little ones. Father
Hannigan said that while the conse
crated ones were exceedingly happy at
being admitted to the sodalities, he was
happy, too, In being able to admit them.
He told of the child life and growth of
Jesus and of his love for the little ones.
Touching , upon sin and evil, the
speaker hoped that those children be
fore him would never know or experi
ence either one, but that their lives
would be free from trouble, from temp
tation and the trials of the world. To
avoid evils and sin they must trust in
and appeal to God.
The following were the children con
secrated into the Holy Angels' Sodality:
Prominent Eastern Institute
Offers Chair of Modern
Languages to Soldier
Foundations ' of New Struc
ture Are Laid, but a Large
Sum Is Still Required
Prelate Says -It Is About
Time Church Canons Con
formed With Prayer Book
SENTIMENTS IMPEESS
Consecrates Large Number
Into Holy Childhood and
. Holy Angels' Sodalities
CONTRIBUTIONS ASKED
SAILED.
Sunday. Oct. 9.
Stmr Santa. Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stm r F A Kilburn, Thompson. Port Rodgers.
Stmr Maggie. Eagles. Halfmoon Bay
Stmr Navarro. Jacobs. Bowens.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Whittler, Dlckson, Vancouver, via
Astoria.
Bktn Fullerton. Mackenzie. Astoria.
Brig W G Irwln, Hansen, Roche Harbor
Schr Allen A. Hendrickson. Eureka.
RETURNED.
Sunday. Oct. 9.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, hence this a m; on
account of rough weather. <
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 9. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWN SEND— Arrived Oct 9— U S
stmr Dlx. from Manila.
SEATTLE:— Sailed Oct 8— Stmr Oregon, for
Nome.
Arrived Oct 9 — Stmr Cottage City, from
Skagway; stmr Jeanle hence Oct fi.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Alliance,
from Eureka.
Sailed Oct 9— Sch r Sausallto for San Fran
cisco; stmr Alliance, for Astoria.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr
Melville Dollar from Redondo.
TATOOSH— Passed In Oct 9— Stmr Queen,
hence Oct 7 for Victoria.
EITREKA — Arrived Oct 9 — Schr A\>bie. hence
Oct 1; schr Ida McKay, hence Oct 2; atmr
Pasadena, hence Oct 8.
Sailed Oct 9— Stmrs Phoenix and Lakme,
for San Francisco
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Acme, hence
Oct 6; echr Alice K McDonald, from San Pe
dro; schrs Mabel Gale and Robert R Hind,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
BANDON— Arrived Oct »— Schr Western
Home, hence Sept 24
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct »-- Ship J B
Thomas, for Sydney.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr
State of California, for San Francisco
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct .9— U S stmr
Sheridan, hence Oct 1 for Manila.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Ionian,
from Montreal and Quebec; stmr Umbria, from
New York, via Queenstown
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Noor
dam. for New York, via Boulogne
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 9^-Stmr Lu
cania. from Liverpool for New York
DOVER— Sailed Oct 9— Stm r Pennsylvania,
from Hamburg, for New York, via Boulogne!
ARRIVED.
Sunday. Oct. 0.
Stmr Dreakwater. Seaman, .15 hour* from
Coos Bay. -
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland 6 hours from Amesport.
Stmr Leelanaw. Monroe. 10S hours from
Tacoma.
Jap Etmr America Maru. Going. 31 days 9
hours and 6 minutes from Hongkong, via
Yokohama 17 days 15 hours and 16 minutes,
via Honolulu.
Stmr Alcarar. Wlnkel. 17 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr Geo Loomlf. Badger, 85 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Marahfleld, Dettmerm. 43 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson. 21 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Newtmrg. Lundqulst, 60 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Br shin Dalcairnie. Llewellyn, 65 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Schr Bessie K, Stark, 10 hours from San
Vlcentt.
BECEIVES HIGH HONOES
ALBANY BISHOP TALKS
SHIPPING INTELLIGKN'CE.
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. >
The Teyo Kiscn Kaitha Company, which has
been eaily crippled by the fact that several of
Its best vessel have been conscripted as trans
ports by the Japanese Government, under the
terms of the subsidy contracts, is after more
whirs. General Agent W. H. Avery, with Gen
era! Manager M. Sh!rai*hl, has spent several
month* in England. The result of this sojourn
in the land of thJrvbuild'.nir ie that two new
steamers are to be built and put on the trans
pacific run. They will be constructed in Japan,
but the raw material will be bought In Eng
land «md shipped to the Orient. It was In
tended «t first that the two vessels would be
of 12.0O.» tonnajre, but this has been raised to
l\C*iO. This will make the two steamship? of
£ size like the Mongolia and Manchuria and
•will threw the ordinary Pacific Mall Company's
vessels far in the shade.
Xew Transpacific Ships.
The cabin passengers are Dr. James
Hoane and wife. Captain Robert Mc-
Gregor Duncanson. Captain William
Kidston, wife and daughter.
Captain McGregor Duncanson is on
his journey back to England from Ja
pan. He took the steamer Carl, former
ly the Sardenian Prince, to Japan and
ts returning to England for another
vessel which will be taken to the Orient
for the Japanese.
The strong southeaster which pre
vailed on the bay yesterday prevented
the steamship from dockinc and most
all day she lay at anchor off the Pa
cific Mail wharf.
Captain "William Kidston is manaeer
of the Western Commercial Company
and has been at Guam for some time.
He speaks strongly of the strenuous
methods of government by the
naval officer who acts as governor of
the island. This officer considers all
the people there as enlisted men in the
navy, and the United States naval rules
and regulations are treated as the con
stitution they live under. Captain
Kidston says Guam is in need of a civil
governor.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha. steamshiD
America Mara arrived yesterday morn
ing from the Orient. She left BLooi
kunR September 8, Yokohama, 22d.
reaching Honolulu October 1. which
port she left next day. A stronsr south
easter off this coast delayed her a day,
¦which prevented her arival Saturday.
On the Japanese coast the Maru kept
a sharp lookout for Russian cruisers,
watchful by day and steaming at full
fpeed withuut any lights showing, by
night.
The America Maru brings six cabin
passengers and forty-two in the steer
age. She has 41S tons of carso.
Major John Bigelow Jr. Gives
Up a Fighting Life and
Goes to Literary Banks
Itev. J. Hannigan Makes an
Address to the Little Ones
at St. 3Iary's Cathedral
San Francisco Nursery for
Homeless Children Finds
. Its Quarters Too Small
High Ecclesiastics Discuss
Divorce and Denounce Evil
at a Boston 3Iass Meeting
Toyo Kisen Kaisha Steamship Company to
•Put Two New Vessels on Pacific Run.
LEAVES ARMY
FOR COLLEGE
PLANS TO ERECT
GOOD BUILDING
CHILDREN BEAR
SOLEMN ADVICE
DEATH ALONE
SHOULD ANNUL
America Maru Arrives From Orient
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1904.
5
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTORIA
< for Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of £&*^j?7§££2^
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiaria Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NV1OORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for • Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. . Sells on Its own merits.
NABER.. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents. I
328 Market st.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABKTST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of I'rlvate
Diseases Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlngon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cnres'wlien
others fall. 'Try him. Charges lovr.
<;nre»rnaritnt«ed. Call or write.
*>r. J. F. qiBBOX. San Frs-n-Tlsco. CaL
DIRECTORY
QF , HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
; FRESH AWD SALT MEATS.
I AC "'hflVFQ Af fft '¦• Shipping Butchers. 10S
J AS. BUI fcJ tt tU. Pay. Tel. Main 121H.
LEAKY ROOFS AND < SKYLIGHTS.
All kinds repaired. - Globe Sheet Metal Works.
: 1176-1178 Mission st. Phone Main- 5461. . -
;. ¦"¦¦" .'.-.¦¦• . ¦; •¦ outs. ,,-,•.; "¦¦;¦ . •¦;...
LUBRICATING OILS:, LEONARD & ELLIS.
¦ - ' 418 Front »t .' S. F. Phone Main j 1T19.
E. C. HflUGES, . 'BXl.Ban«om7ft!' S. F. i
AMUSEMENTS.
VULUMJSI A IEADIN3 THEM
1LAST SIX NIGHTS
Matinee Saturday.
CHARLES B. CILLINGHAM presents
FRANK
DANIELS
* In Mie Laughing. Musical. Beauty Show.
The OFFICE BOY
Last Time Next Saturday Night.
Kext Monday CAM TOV
Tixwt Time Here O^*N 1 VJ I
At ilHiHIDDA B *&- N " xt Sudsy Might
"" ALflAiflDKA Twelve Concerts
Matinees Tues., Thurs., Sat. and Sunday.
OAT If* 1 SSAT SAXE BEGINS *
1 1 1 1 N £& NEXT WEDNESDAY
kJ\j%J KJjnL At Sherman. Clay ft Co.'«.
Prices — Evenings, J1.5O, ft, "5c. 50c.
Matinees. $1. 73c, 50c.
GRAND SSSIi
To-Night— Matinee Saturday.
WHY, THE IDEA!
W. P. CULLEX Presents the Brilliant
Musical Comedy.
THE
Burgomaster
OSCAR L. FI6MAN as the Burgomaster
Next Sunday Matinee— ARIZONA.
A BIG NEW SHOW! •
LEWIS McGORD & COMPANY
Hlckey and Nelson; "A Nljrht in Ven-
ice"; Murphy and Willard; Julius M.
Tannen; Hoey and Lea; relix and
Barry; Mine. Avery Strakoscn and
Orpheum Motion Picture*.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurt-
day Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c, 25c and 50c.
— CALIFORNIA—^i
POSITIVELY THE LAST WEEK
Of the Enormous Musical Comedy Hit,
The
Tenderfoot
With PHILLIP H. RYLEY and Big
New York Company of Sixty.
Next Sunday,
Hoyt's "A TEXAS STEER."
Greatest cast since original production.
Including:
HARRY B. EMERY, WILL H BRAT
and MAY L. STOCKTON.
H W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
THIS WEEK x^I/c^. THIS WEEK
By Special Arrangement with
KLAW & ERLANGER
Oliver Morosco offers a spectacular production
of that sublime drama of the Orient.
A JAPANESE
NIGHTINGALE
An adaptation from the novel of Onoto
Watanna.
PRIfCC Night. 25c, 3oc and 50c.
ilUVfCJ a few front rows of orchestra 75c.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
ALCAZAR "K 1
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— OPENING OT THE
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY.
First Appearance— JOHN CRAIG, LILLIAN 1
LAWHENCE and ELIZABETH WOODSON
with the old Alcazar Favorites.
IN R. C. CARTON 1 S FAMOUS COMEDY.
/Off /I I FIRST TIME AT
n^^ I THE ALCAZAR.
LADY ALGY
AN ELABORATE SCENIC PRODUCTION.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Evgs. 25c to 75c: Mats. Sat. and Sun. 25c to Ms
FIRST SUNDAY. MATINEE OCT. 1<L
¦ . Next Monday — Clyde Pitch's Comadjr,
THE WAY OF THE WORLD.
GENTRAL'-i?
Market st.. near 8th. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT — Every Evening This Week.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of Rider
Hag&ard's Powerful Oriental Drama.
"SHE"
' With the Entire Central Theater ! Stock
. Company.
Special Farewell Engagement of Frisco's
Favorite,
EUGENIE THAIS LAWTON
POPULAR PRICES— Eve.. 10c to 80c; Mats..
10c. 15c, 25c.
October 17 — Champion of the World. JAMES
J. JEFFRIES, tn DAVY CROCKET.
Ben Greet's Players
To-ITlarht, To-Morrow and Wed. Kiyfcts
WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY MATS.
MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING
THURS..' FRI. AND SAT. EVENINGS.
SPECIAL FRIDAY MATINEE.
TWELFTH NIGHT
Tha Wednesday and Friday Matinees are
given at 3:30, so that pupils and teachers
may attend.
RESERVED SEATS. . ...:$1.50. 11 and 75c
BOX OFFICE SHERMAN*. Cl«AY A CO.'S.
TED E. BO>C,
The Biojrrapn. Showinr "PenowL"
And a Splendid Snow Every Afternoo^
and Evening in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MIIIIATTJUE ELECTBIC RAII.BOAD.
SEVEN BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
'INSPECT CABARET DE LA MOST.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSEAY.
ADMISSION 10c ! CHILDREN So
When Phoning Ask for "The Chute*.".
WEEKLY CAUL, $1.00 PEE. YEAS.
! ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ¦ ¦-¦
Perrin
! Gloves
i C Those who wear
; Perrin 'gloves call
i them cheap, because
! they wear better and
last longer than any
other kind.
C They have the per-
5 feet form that gives
1 hands that distin-
guished look and per-
- feet comfort:
r Sole depot for
! Women's and Children's Gloves at
R. D. DAVIS & COMPANY,
- Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
itlen'i Perrin Gloves at all Store*.
pojo rp DON'T FAIL TO
i dldtC , ee beautlfn ,
j \ COURT Lounging
/¦fill room, the EMPIRE
** uu PARLOR, the
rr -4 PALM ROOM, the
tiniflu LOUIS XV PAR-
uiuuu LOR^ and the j^
n !!„ DIES' WRITING
Hotels rqom.
iJBrllEIiCE'S
T&i^ FAVORITE
INSCRIPTION
JHl FOR WEAK WOMEN.
AMUSEMENTS.
OPERAf 1Y©1_1 HOUSE
...TO-NIGHT...
FIRST PRODUCTION IN AMERICA
Of the Famous Comic Opera
B"\B"~ fsl I Book by
H K- «W VICTOR LEON.
H »|Q H% Music by
81 W B B % FRANZ LEHAR.
The Rage of Europe
RASTEL-
BINDER
(THE MOUSETRAP PEDDLER)
. SPI^NDIt) CAST.
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SAME PRICES...: . .25c. 80c, 75c
CAUGHT THE TOWN.
"DOWN THE LINE"
By HOWARD JACOTT.
¦ Rattling Good. Excruciatingly ' Funny
. GORGEOUSLY BEAUTIFUU
[ CAST AND CHORUS UNRIVALED
Best' Burlesque Ever at This House. '
. . Niyhts 25c.'60c and 73c ; ) ¦--
Saturday ' and , Sunday Matinees. 25c and * 50c
; Children at Matinees. 10c and 2."hi.Answers to Queries.
he is going to stop talking: about ag
riculture hereafter, and If this results
in greater literary activity on his part
we may all give thanks.
Lady Sybil Grey, who w^l accom
pany the newly appointed Governor
General of Canada, Earl Grey, to Amer
ica, inherits her father's sporting pro
clivities. She Is an expert angler and
a crack shot. Last year, In opening a
miniature rifle range at the Crystal
Palace she scored seven bullseyes
in succession. Altogether she is a fine
type of the aristocratic English sports
woman, full of life and vigor and de
lighting In all forms of outdoor recrea
tion.
SLEEVES.
Rather snug cuffs cover the fore
arm of many sleeves.
The modish sleeve has gained in
width and lost in droop.
A long Louis Seize sleeve is finished
with cuff and frill.
Long gloves will result from -the
more or less short sleeves.
+ : i.
they disturbed the shroud," Neve says,
when telling the story of, the ghoulish
deed, "the ribs fell."-. To crown the
shameless business, the grave digger
afterward exhibited the body to any
one. willing to pay 6 cents for the spec
tacle.
Rider Haggard, whose new novel,
"The Brethren," is to appear soon, is
convinced that, on one subject, at least,
*he has become a bore. "Whenever I
enter a room," he said the other day,
"I hear the remark passed, 'Here comes
Rider Haggard, for heaven's sake
don't mention the word agriculture.' "
The subject of how the English coun
try land Is to be developed and the
young people of the rural districts kept
on the farms is, of course, that in
which Richard Whiteing also takes so
keen an interest and which largely in
spired "The Yellow Van." True it is
that Rider Haggard, has dwelt on this
theme "many a time and oft," and
the pubMc can hardly be blamed jfor
preferring him in his capacity of, story
teller. Realizing that it does thus
prefer him, the author of "She" says
JB WOMAN was asked not long ago what she would be if she
/\ had her choice and replied that to her to be the widow of a
/ \ rich man she had not loved seemed ideal. This being a widow
appeals mightily to some women, but, on the other hand, there
are widows who say they would not wish their worst enemies anything
worse. But the independence of being a young widow is extremely fas
cinating; of course the possession of means goes without saying as a
necessity to ideal widowhood. Now, of course, this, all sounds very
heartless and I fear that many women will be shocked at me, cays a
contributor to the St. Paul Globe, for discussing so painful a sub
ject in a light way, but no offense is intended and the occasion was
given by the remark quoted above. A young widow with plenty' of
money is possessed of a freedom which a woman could surely gain in
no other way. She does not need a chaperon and, her life is hers to do
as she pleases with. /
Some women were talking recently of the troubles thaUrarely come
singly and one woman told of another whose sorrows seemed more
than she could bear. "In the first place she lost her husband," said
she, but not a word was said. "Then she lost all her money," at this a
perfect chorus of "Oh, how awful!" went round. Comment is unneces
sary. You can get a second, nay, a thirds fourth or fifth husband, but
when you lose your money it is sad indeed. For money is a protection
to a woman that nothing els? is, even sometimes a husband. Years
ago when a woman's husband died, leaving her without means, some
body, perhaps a relative or friend, would offer a home and she would
be cared f6r. " While that often happens now, more often a widow, will
turn to account some talent or accomplishment she has or go into busi
ness. And the ways in which women can now help themselves are in
creasing yearly- It, is not, literally, the dreadful thing to lose one's
husband' that it was years ago. This is speaking, of course, from
a material point of view. Love is the same and the sorrow of separa
tion is Just as dreadrul as formerly, but a woman is not as utterly
bereft as she was In* another age. fcshe can support herself if necessary
and bring up her family well merely by her own exertions.-
So do not say the times are not improving and that women should go
back to an age when they were encased in cotton wool and knew
nothing. of the world. It is an excellent thing for many men that
women can do for themselves and have left behind them a day when
they were merely expected to look pleasant and be able to embroider
pretty little things.
Now there may be a few young widows— even with plenty of money
—to whom life looks dark and who think they can never, never smile
again. But let them cheer up, for * when one is young there is al
ways hope. And then if a young widow who is rich only stops to
think how many women envy her, it will ' be ' some - solace. Black is
exceedingly becoming to young faces, and a small white frill round the
face is really fetching. It is surprising that the widow's bonnet and
white cap have gone out of fashion, for they are stunning on a young
woman. "A little widow is a dangerous thing," says an up-to-date
calendar, and a truer thing was never printed. So if at first life seems
insupportable, remember that skies will be blue again.
THE FREEDOM OF WIDOWS
— . - - c» {, .. ¦;
An intelligent cow ate up the plans for a San Diego attorney's
projected house, thereby, demonstrating that even the fine arts ap
peal to a California bovine
t-nROFESSOR METCHNIKOFF of the Pasteur Institute in
r""^ Paris believes that he has discovered an elixir of life, and while
* he does not promise perpetual youth, like, the charlatans who in
all ages have reaped golden harvests from the credulity and supersti
tion of men, he does claim by means of his preparation he can add
many years to the ordinary span of human life.
Professor Metchnikoff is of course a scientist of considerable
eminence, otherwise the half-derisive interest which we are told his
announcement has aroused throughout the scientific world would
certainly be of a far more pronounced character. Civilization has
been wittily defined as a means by which we acquire the luxuries
and dispense with the necessities of life, and the modern craze for
prolonging existence by other than the most obvious and effective
means is certainly one of the signs of the times. -~ / '
There is of course no need to go to the laboratories of the
Pasteur Institute to know that by an observance of the wellrknown
laws of mental and physical health life can be preserved far be
yond the present average limit, but what we are clamoring for at
the present day is some method by which we may continue to break
the ordinances of nature and at the same time escape the penalties
of premature decay. Whether Professor Metchnikoff has discovered
such a method time and experience alone can show. It would. still
remain an open question whether such a gift would} constitute a
service or 1 a disservice to humanity.
A NEW ELIXIR OF LIFE.
BEFORE the International Geographical Congress, recently in
session, there appeared for discussion the well-worn propo
sition of an international railroad to connect New York and
Paris via Bering Strait. M. Loicq de Lobel, who fathers the scheme,
is so certain of its practicability that he is going to seek the aid
of President Roosevelt in bringing about a convention with Russia,
neutralizing the frozen strait between Alaska and Siberia. So far
has the French enthusiast elaborated his plans that he even ac
counts for elevators which shall carry the Bering tunnel passengers
to the surface that they may enjoy the picturesque view of the white
ocean.
Not many years ago, when the idea of a round the world rail
road was first advanced, the editors of three papers in New York,
London and Paris, scenting the news feature in the idea, sent a
journalist, Harry de Windt, over the route proposed by the pro
jectors of the movement. In a book, recently published, De Windt
gives what appears to be a convincing refutation of all arguments
for the scheme's practicability, by detailing the impassable condi
tion of the northern Siberian country. The regions about the Bering
Sea and for over a thousand miles west into the interior he shows
to be but a floating morass in the short summer when the ice has
left the ground, which no railroad could bridge at any expenditure
of time and labor. In winter time the winds from the Arctic^ sweep
ing relentlessly over the treeless plains of snow, make life itself a
questionable* quantity. The tunneling of Bering Strait would be
only one of the minor engineering problems to be confronted, ac
cording to this explorer.
Despite these discouraging reports M. de Lobel's project con
tinues to have a romantic interest. It is remembered that when the
Atlantic cable was first proposed, the world scoffed, and there are
those who hold that in this age of mechanical wonders there is no
such word as "impossible."
PARIS TO NEW YORK BY LAND.
"When working at his country house
at Wallingford Jerome's habit is to
wander from room to room, and when
most absorbed in thought he will gen
erally be found In front of a clock
which he regards with seemingly in
tent eyes. Several years ago Jerome
went to visit some newly made friends,
and, having no end of commissions
to work off, arranged that he should
have his mornings to himself, a pro
viso, of course, that was readily agreed
to. The first morning he retired to
his room after breakfast, remarking
that he was going to "grind." Not long
afterward, however, his hostess dis
covered him in the dining-room, appar
ently transfixed by the beauties of the
timepiece on the mantel, and the good
lady, not knowing how dependent the
author is on clocks, began chaffing him
on his "work." Jerome, however,
didn't seem especially Jovial — on the
contrary he made his escape with an
abruptness that was almost rude. An
hour later his hostess came upon him
again, this time in the drawing-room
and, as before, with eyes, apparently,,
only for the clock. Once more she ral
lied him on his apparent laziness —
whereupon' Jerome sought out hfs host
and explained matters with the result
that his clock-gazing was disturbed
no more., Wallingford. where the au
thor has lived since he deserted Lon
don, is in Berkshire, and the house
there which Jerome and his family in
habit is an almost ideal country re
treat, furnished with every modern
luxury," including a brown fox terrier.
: Apropos of the coming unveiling in
London of the monument to Milton, to
which so many Americans have sub
scribed, a grewsome fact of which
few are aware in connection with the
poet has just been recalled. This "is
that the body of the author of "Para
dise - Lost" was once on view at a
charge of 6 cents a head within a
few yards of the site chosen for the
new tribute to his memory. It was
in 1790, after heavy drinking on their
part, that two overseers and a carpen
ter entered the Church of St. Giles,
Crfpplegate, where Milton lay buried,
and, having discovered the leaden cof
fin which contained his body, cut open
its top with a mallet and chisel. "When
LONDON, Sept. 25.— Jerome K. Je
rome's new story, "Tommy and Com
pany," published here recently, must
have made Its appearance at home,
too, and American readers may be in
terested to hear that clocks probably
played no small part in its composi
tion. Clocks are Jerome's surest means
of inspiration. Not in their ordinary
capacity— not that they stimulate him
by calling attention to the rate at
which the minutes are flying— but
merely as Quaint objects the contem
plation of which suggests things to
him.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
PROM CLOCKS
AUTHOR GETS
INSPIRATION
Thus we see expansion in wealth and the volume of general
business on all sides — financial, mercantile, railroad traffic, mill
>perations and returns to farmers for their crops. All this is but
another term for, prosperity. And when we consider that this is a
Presidential year, the most unpropitious of alltimes for trade expan
sion, the most pessimistic observer must admit that general business
is improving. We are not doing the huge business that we did during
the boom years immediately following the Spanish War, but we
are doing very well indeed, with most excellent prospects for the
future. Hence the feeling of buoyancy and confidence which for
some weeks has been growing all over the country.
AS autumn advances the trade outlook steadily becomes more
promising. No important adverse influences have developed
for weeks. Trepidation over the condition of the corn and
cotton crops has passed, as both* crop9 are now practically out of
danger, and while neither will be the bumpers expected a couple
of months sgo, they will be large, cotton being estimated at about
11,000,000 bales and corn at about 2,200,000,000 bushels. The wheat
crop will be comparatively light, and the New York financial in
terests are now figuring on about 100,000,000 bushels for export,
with prospects that the reduced export this year will be fully
offset by the higher prices obtained for the grain. When it is con
sidered that the trade situation this year depends almost exclusively
on the condition of the three or four great crops, it will be seen
at a glance that the coming year is full of promise.
It is this condition more than any other, or combination of
others, perhaps, which is the cause of the recent expansion in trade
and the supersession of optimism to the pessimism which hung
over the country during the spring. With large corn and cotton
crops we will draw heavy amounts of money from Europe, find a
large freight traffic for our railroad lines, keep our mills running,
hundreds of thousands of workmen employed, and our farmers'
pockets well supplied with ready money. All this means trade
activity and consequent business prosperity. In addition we have
very firm and active markets for wool, hops, hay, hides and many
minor products of the soil, a good and gradually improving tone
in the iron and steel trades, with the railroads larger buyers of
material than for some time. The provision market, too, that most
excellent barometer of trade, has been in better tone than for some
weeks, and the tendency in prices is now rather upward than down
ward, with a strong undertone pervading the market.
Wall street is reflecting these improved conditions and the feel
ing in stock and financial quarters is decidedly bullish. There is no
excitement in the. New York stock market, but the buoyancy of the
feeling there is apparent, and all efforts to further depress the values
of railroad and industrial shares are unavailing. If stocks are not
rising rapidly they are certainly not receding, and there is now a
good and growing demand for standard railroad and industrial
shares, and, what is a good sign, this demand is for dividend pur
poses and not for feverish speculation.
The financial statistics are especially encouraging. During the
second week of September forty-three railroads reported a gain
in earnings of over 6 per cent, and in the first week fifty roads an
nounced a gain of over 4 per cent as compared with the same weeks
in 1903. These steadily increasing earnings are accepted as demon
strating the gradual expansion of business. Confirmatory of this is
the increase in bank clearings, which last week showed the pro
nounced gain of 18.8 per cent over the corresponding week of 1903,
with the aggregate clearings increased to $2,588,000,000, the largest
figures for at least a year. ,
If these aggregate clearings are a 'reliable index to the con
dition of trade, then business in the United States last week was
the largest for many months. Further confirmation is found in the
increase of over $107,000,000 in gold coin in the cash reserves of the
5000 national banks during the year ending September 27. In
creased gold certificates for the same period, amounting to $29,
000,000, have been issued by the United States Treasury, thus
making $136,000,000 increase in the country's gold money circula
tion during the year ending September 27.
STILL EXPANDING.
THE OLD DONKEY SULKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
SOILS D. EPRECKELiS . * Proprietor
ADDHKS3 XLXs COMMUNICATIONS TQ
ZOTTS SIcNAUGHT „ ..^ ....... Manage*
: VPL1CATIOW OPTICS ..THIRD AKD MARKET STREETS. BAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY OCTOBER 10, 1904
Tailormades in Demand !
AMERICAN DUCHESS
PUTS A STOP TO
STREET GAMBLING
The beginning of the fall season al
ways finds the tailor-made the late".
esting consideration of the moment so
far as affairs of the wardrobe are con
cerned. The present month is no «.
ception to the rule. On the contrary,
the rumors of a definite change in the
fH|hions which have stirred the air
during the summer have given walk
ing and visiting suits uncommon im
portance, says the New York Sun.
But those rumors — many of them —
are groundless, for no startling revo
lution is apparent, so far, in Incoming
models.
Among the ready-mades, suit de
partments never displayed rarer bar
gains than they are doing this month.
The art of women's tailoring has ad
vanced far in the last few years, and
women who a few years ago scorned
to wear anything that was not made
to order have their wardrobes stocked
these days with garments found in
"ready-to-wear" sections. Among the
suits of moderate price, cheviots and
serges prevail. These are made, as a
rule, with plaited skirts and coats of
any length between the brief bolero
and the three-quarter depth. A pret
ty suit of black cheviot, marked $25.
has a skirt laid in clusters of half-
Inch tucks which were stitched below
the knees. The coat had a fitted body
with basque cut away in front and at
sides and rounding rapidly to a half
length tail at the back. The collarlesa
neck and cuffs were finished with
bands of velvet and braid. In the
front was a narrow waistcoat of plain
black cloth finished with- two parallel
rows of brass buttons.
In blue, brown and black broadcloth
there are jaunty suits to be had in
excellent quality and finish as low as
|35. Some of the prettiest suits are
of invisible checked cheviots and
cloths. These are trimmed with plain
cloth braided. The sleeves of the
prettiest wraps ar© large, most of
them being full at the top and gath
ered or plaited into wristbands or
cuffs.
The popular colors in cloths are the
blues and browns; the dull green?.
such as bronze, reseda and rr..
•tone grays and reddish purples. The
new tones, such as the coppers and
dahlia shades, appear in the new cloths
as well as in the materials provided for
the milliner. The nuances of modish
shades were never more beautiful and
effective than this season. Of the
browns, tobacco is at this moment
the leader.
The costume of dotted green taffeta
has a skirt with four flounces which
are somewhat shaped at the top and
fitted to the skirt in tiny tucks. They
are bordered with bands of plain vel
vet. The bodice has a shallow lace
yoke with a shaped bertha, the lines
of which continue in the short flow
ing sleeves. A deep velvet girdle fas
tens at one side. The undersleevea
; are of lace like the yoke.
The brown broadcloth gown has a
very full skirt gored and plaited into
the waistband. The plaits flare about
ten inches below the top, and the
skirt, which Is very voluminous at the
hem, measures fully six yards at that
point. The Jacket Is close fitting and
has a hip-length basque. Girdle and
lapels are of velvet. The yoke is
tucked and crossed by two straps.
For the Table.
More anecdotes are told concerning
the only daughter of the German Em
peror than have eveV been furnished
by her six brothers. The latest is told
by the Tagllche Rundschau, and runs
thus: The little daughter of th«s
v. d. M. is a playmate of Princess
Louise. The other day she was at the
palace, and the two ladies, young as
they are, discussed the secrets of their
toilet. "Just fancy," the little Prin
cess said complalningly, "I have to
put on clean underclothing every. day!
Does your -mamma make you do that,
too?" "No," said the visitor, "not ev
ery day." "Then you are well off."
replied the Imperial Princess. Little
v. d. M. repeated the conversation at
home, and her father, imagining that
the child had perhaps asked indiscreet
questions, said to her: "My sweet
heart, people don't ask about such
things." Soon after the little girl
was again invited to the palace. Mean
while the young Princess also had
faithfully communicated the important
conversation to her parents, adding
that she envied her friend, who was not
worried every day by all these changes
of garments. The Emperor was highly
amused by the affair, and said laugh
ingly to his daugther's friend: "Why,
you lucky little mortal, and so you
need not put on clean underclothing
every day!" Whereupon the young
lady made her prof oundest curtsey, and
said: "Your Majesty, my papa says
people don't ask about these things."
When she got home she told that the
Emperor must have thought she had
said something very nice, for he had
shouted with laughter at her reply.
LONDON, Sept. 25.— While many
English society women gamble heavily
themselves and encourage others to do
likewise, the Duchess of Marlborousrh
sets a wholesome example by putting
her foot down hard on it whenever she
gets a chance. She got a chance the
other day in aristocratic Curzon street,
where her new town house is situated.
It is a favorite haunt of street book
makers, who, probably by methods
very similar to those adopted in New
York and other big cities in America,
have been able * to carry on their
operations free from police molesta
tion. Opposite the chief entrance to
her house one of these bookmakers
has plied his nefarious calling for the
last two seasons. The Duchess noticed
that several boys and laboring men ac
costed him, especially during the hour
of respite from work allowed them at
midday, and handed him slips of pa
per and money. She inquired what It
meant and on learning that the man
was a street bookmaker, who took bets
on horse races, she immediately lodged
a complaint at the nearest police sta
tion. The result was one or two raids
and now the fraternity are cursing the
day when <he American Duchess de
cided on taking a residence In Mayfair.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
Codfish Omelet— Beat up three tggs
on a plate; add three ounces of codfish,
properly freshened; add a tablespoonful
of milk; stir together and cook as for
plain omelet in a frypan.
Boiled Oysters — Wash and drain
large oysters, dip each in melted
butter then in rolled cracker and broil
in wire broiler over hot fire; serve on
toast with slices of lemon.
Ginger Beer— Pour a gallon of boiling
water on one pound of sugar, half an
ounce of ginger and one ounce of cream
of tartar. When nearly cold add a ta
blespoonful of yeast. Strain, bottle and
in six hours it will be ready for use.
Would You Know?
Would you know why th« nightingale's
passionate note
Thrills the air as he Coats to the sky?
'Tls because he has heard thy voice, my
sweet.
Thy voice — that is why.
Would you know why {he rose that I
plucked for thee
Is richer by far than the rest?
f Tis because it lies close — ah. close, my
To thy warm, white breast!
Would you know why I thrill as the
nightingale does.
And long for the Joy of the rose?
'Tis because^-ah, sweet, will you gugsa
it by this?
'Tls because — ask the rose!
—Sherwood Vane In Madame.
ST. LOUIS FAIR— Many correspond
ents. The number of paid admissions
to the St. Louis Fair up to October 1.
inclusive, was 12,515,511.
COUSINS— Subscriber, Newvllle. Cal.
The children of brothers and sisters
are called cousins, cousins german.
first cousins or full cousins: children of
first cousins are second cqusins: a
first cousin once removed is the child
of one second cousin, a second cousin
once removed Is the child of one's sec
ond cousin and so on down the line.
THE BOMB THROWER— W. H. G..
Oakland, Cal. The man who threw a
"bomb" In the Grand Opera House dur
ing a performance was Dr. James
Hodges. This was on the night of Feb
ruary 14, 1887. The so-called bomb
was only a bottle filled with turpentine.
He was charged with attempt to com
mit murder, also attempt to commit ar-
Bon, and with assault with a deadlv
weapon. He was found guilty of the
last named accusation and was sen
tenced to imprisonment for two years.
The other charges wera dismissed.
To-wnsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market at.
On November 1, 1904, will be advanced
10c per lb. Holiday orders received up to
that date at present price. *
Special Information supplied dally t»
business houses and public men by tUJ
Prsss CUpplns Bureau (Allen's). 230 OU
llornla street. Telephone Mais 1043. *
¦ . ' '¦-¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1904.
HIS BUSINESS.
Wiggs—He looks kinder down In the
mouth.
.Waggs—Naturally. He's a dentist.
THE WAY OP; THE WORLD.
Before she Inherited money.;
She was called lanky, by all; f,
But now that they know she's a million
They say she's divinely, tall.'
NO, INDEED I i
i
j
ShV (romantically)—So many men
marry^for money.^You wouldn't marry
me for money, would;, you. v sweetheart? j
V He" (absently)—No;--1 wouldn't marry
,you for all the"money.in the,world." .
A CALL DOWN.
Cutting Hintz—Doctor, you told me I
could go to; sleep ¦ by counting—so last
night I' counted up to 156,66ft—
' T)rl Phir Graves—Then you went to
sleep? > •
" Cutting Hints—No. It was time to
setup.
6CLUB PARTIES.
Many little friends of Master Leo
Hermann surprised him on the evening
of October 3 at the home of his parents,
1130 Vallejo street. Those who com
prised the party were Amanda Harris,
Evelyn Marshall, Mary Ott, Edna
Ryan, Teny Monet, Rene Doud, Emma
Wallace, Edna Hauser, Annie Bode,
Leo Hermann, Albert Piche, George
Spillar, Eugene Fisk, Albert Alvarez,
Henry Murray, Mervyn O'Neill, Albert
Bode and John McGrath.
A theater party was given on Friday
evening to Miss Marie Adam, who is
soon to be the bride fo Clarence Musto.
Williard Wood entertained a num
ber of his bachelor friends at the Co
lumbia Theater on Tuesday evening,
October 4. His guests were Montgom
ery Lacey and Wendell Worthington
or New York, Raymond Stevens, Mor
timer Parker, Gilbert Henshaw Jr.,
Clifton A. Ward and Malcolm Dietz.
Louis F. Nonneman was given a sur
prise party on the evening of October
1, the occasion being his eighteenth
birthday. Various games were played
and dancing was indulged in until a
late hour.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Ertz gave
a dinner on Wednesday evening in
honor of their son's birthday. Those
present were Miss Bessie Flllmore,
Miss Mary R. Le Conte, Miss Blossom
Ertz, Miss Susan Ertz, Ralph Curtis,
Stuart Chlsholm, Robert Van Sant,
Charles C. Ertz and Mr. and Mrs.
Charles C. Ertz.
A pleasant surprise party 5 was given
to Robert Johnson on Saturday even
ing at his home on Fell street. Those
present were Mr. and Mrs. . Robert
Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. William John
son, Mr. and Mrs. George Olron, Mrs.
Sears, Miss Bertie Johnson. Miss Ef
fle Sharp, Miss Winnie Lamont, Miss
Ella Gibson, Miss Jeanette de Guerre,
Miss Sadie Gibson, the Misses Millie
and Mabel Marks. Miss Sadie Joyce,
James Cruden, George Emerald, Jack
Crown, Albert Moon, Albert Wight
man, M. Clausln, Frank Burns,
George Fields, Werner McGull and
Mr. Schroder.
HOME PARTIES.
. Mrs. Ruka Breslauer, with her daugh
ter, Miss Mamie Breslauer, of Chico, is
in San Francisco after a long trip
through Oregon and Washington. They
are staying at the Hotel Rochambeau,
where they will receive friends.
Mrs. David Belasco, with her two
daughters, Reina and Gussle, left last
Friday f or ¦ New , York. Mrs. Belasco, ;
who" Is the wife" of the well-known
playwright; 'spends a few months in
San Francisco . each summer. Next
year, however, she will go abroad.
[ Mrs. O. ' C. | Logan, ; Miss Elise Logan
and Miss Georgiana Logan, the wife
and . duagrhters J of Captain . O. C. Logan
of the recently commissioned battle
ship Ohio, have left on th,e Siberia for
Japan. They .expect to return from
the Orient by 19 arid reside
at the Colonial. ....
Mr. and Mrs. S. Clayburgh and Miss
Emma Clayburgh left this city on Sep
tember 29 for the East, to be absent
about two months.
Mrs. L. E. Fritz has returned from
an extensive tour of the East and Eu
rope. While in Rome she was given an
audience with the Pope.
Mr. and Mrs. O. M. Williams of
Boulder Creek are at the Grand. They
-are on their way to Seattle and Victo
ria for an extended trip.
Miss Mayme Larkin of this city Is
visiting in Phoenix, Ariz., with Mrs. W.
R. Davenport, who was formerly Miss
Murray of San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Daniel O'Toole have re
turned from Nevada, where they have
mining; interests in • Goldfleld. They
are staying at the Palace.
-Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Conlisk left last
\V T ednesday on* 1 an extended trip
through the Eastern States and to the
St. Louis Exposition. Their son Rai
rnon accompanied them.
Commander and Mrs. F. H. Holmes
have returned to the Colonial from
their recent visit to St. Louis and,
Washington, D. C. It is expected that
Commander Holmes will be assigned
to the cruiser Marblehead.
Mrs. Charles A. Phillips and daugh
ter have gone to Sacramento for a
three weeks' wisit with relatives.
Miss Jennie Samuels and Miss Belle
Samuels of 17 Fulton street have gone
East for a visit of three months.
Dr. C. P. Hanselt and A. T. Ehren
pfort left on October 3 for a trip to in
clude the principal cities of the East.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Crim left last
week for an Eastern trip, to be fol
lowed by travel in Europe for six
months.
Dr. and Mrs. David Cohn and Miss
Edith Cohn have arrived in New York
from Europe and will be in San Fran
cisco October 20.
Leo 1«J. Alexander and Michael Alex
ander have gone East for a period of
six weeks.
Mrs. Flora Cohn, -with her daughter
Evelyn, has gone East for a two
months' trip.
Mr. and Mrs. Jqpeph M. Loewe have
gone East for a prolonged trip. They
left October 3.
Mrs. Solomon Qetz will be "at home"
the last Thursday of the month at 507
Devisadero street.
Mrs. Maurice Rosenthal and son have
left for New York City to spend the
winter with relatives.
Philip Pick, the banker and sugar
planter, of Hilo, with his wife, is at
the California Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Frank left San Fran
cisco on October 6 to travel through the
East.
Miss Kate Kimball and Miss Maybelle
Miller are on their way East, to be gone
a month.
PERSONALS.
Dr. and Mrs. A. G. Deardorff are at
the Princeton.
Artists' Materials.
• We are agents for Winsor & Newton,
makers of the best artist materials In
the world. New stock of pyrography
goods and new things to burn. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
HONOLULU, Oct. 9. — Frank "Wood
bridge, who left here three years ago,
and who was alleged to have embez
zled $3000 from Phillips & Co, was
found to-day in the steerage of the
United States transport Logan. He
was taken off the boat. It was said
that he went to Shanghai after leav
ing here.
Embezzler, Located on Trans
port at Honolulu
Frank Woodbrldge, Alleged to Be an
ACCUSED MAX CAPTURED
AFTER THREE YEARS' TIME
Miss Josephine D. Brown and Jules
Xeufeld of Boston were 'married in
this city October 5 at 2606 California
street.
Miss Mary Dewilda Fulton and Ar
thur Spencer Flemmlng were mar
ried in Auburn on October 6.
Miss Pauline E. Huebner and Hen
ry H. Friermuth were married last
Monday noon in their, own new home,
156 Twelfth avenue. Rev. L. J. Saw
yer of the Hamilton Square Baptist
Church officiated. The bride was at
tended by Miss Louise L. Huebner and
H. F. Vanderlip was best man. Those
who witnessed the ceremony were Mr.
and Mrs. H. W. Friermuth, Mr. and
Mrs. H. T. Hening, Mrs. Elizabeth
Raymond, Dr. O. O. Burgess, Mr. and
Mrs. F. H. Wilkie, Master Wilkie and
Mrs. Huebner.
WEDDINGS.
HONOLULU. Oct. 2. — Federal
Judge Dole has decided a test case,
in which sailors of the Interisland
Steam Navigation Co. sued their em
ployer for $5 50 each, held out of
their wages, upon notice to the com
pany from the Tax Assessor, under
Act 86, 1903 Laws, for unpaid per
sonal taxes.
Judge Dole holds that such proceed
ing by the Assessor" was not "due
process of law," and finds for the
libelants, enabling them to recover the
portions of their wages withheld.
Federal law protects seamen from
euch attachment.
Judge Dole Passes on a Test Case in
the Federal Court, of
Hawaii.
TAXES MAY NOT BE HELD
OUT OF SAILORS' WAGES
5? , 1Acq JSJ?», J^-Cnanaon Provencal*. Mrs.
£ h * rl ?» Poulrer (soprano First Unitarian
Church. Oakland); barytone eolo, sheeted, Dr.
J. A. Brown.
Department and sootlon meetings— Spanish
section. Men Jay, Ootober 10, 5 p. m.; depart
ment of civics. Wednesday, October 12, 10:15
a. m.; art bectlon. Wednesday, October 12, 3:80
p. m.; literature section, Thursday, October 13,
3:30 p. m.; whist section, Friday. October 14,
10 a. m.; znuelc section, Friday, Octob«r 14, 3
p. m,; directors' meeting:, Monday, October 17,
10 a. m. ; Spanish section, Monday, October 17,
a p. in.; parliamentary section, Tuesday, Octo
ber IS. 1:30 p. ra.; French section. Thursday,
October 20. 2 p. m. (French eection will
meet at the residence of the leader, Mme.
Mathilde GrothweU. 18M Ellta str««t, un
til further notice): current topics section.
Thursday. October 20. 3:30 p. m.; whist section.
Friday, October 21. 10 a, m.; traveling library
section. Friday, October 21, 10 a. m.; depart
ment of social science, Friday, October 21. 2
p. m.; Spanish section. Monday, October 24, 3
p. m.; parliamentary section. Tuesday, October
25, 1:30 p. m. ; department of civics, Wednes
day. October 28, 10:15 a. m.; art section.
Wwinesday. October 26. 3:30 p. m.; literature
section, Thursday. October 27, 3:30 p. m.;
whist section, Friday. October 2S, 10 a. m.;
muslo section, Friday, October 28, 8 p. m.;
Spanish section. Monday, October 31, 3 p. m.
The Outdoor Art League has decided
to extend its work for the encourage
ment of window gardening, seed plant
ing and the planting of shrubs and
flowers in vacant lots. In furtherance
of this plan it has enlisted the aid of
the College Settlement. This organiza
tion has promised to engage actively in
this work, particularly in the southern
part of the city.
¦The J5000 which the Board of Super
visors recently appropriated for the
improvement of Dolores street, between
Fifteenth and Seventeenth, one b,lock
on each side of the Mission Dolores, is
now available, and the committee of
the league having this work in charge
hopes soon to have the plan for the
adornment of the surroundings of the
old mission completed.
The members of the league have been
actively engaged during the last ten
days In preparations for the benefit
performance at the Majestic Theater,
on October 17. The chief feature of the
performance wilj be the "Japanese
Nightingale," and the sale of boxes and
seats is so satisfactory that a handsome
return seems already assured. The
league has taken the house for the oc
casion and a representative audience
will be in attendance.
The contemporary Club will hold an
open meeting to-day at Utopia Hall,
where Professor Ira B. Mead, Commis
sioner of Irrigation from Washing
ton and instructor in irrigation at the
University of California, will give an
illustrated lecture on the subject of ir
rigation. A delightful afternoon is an
ticipated by the- friends and members
of the club, as Professor Mead has a
fine collection of stereopticon views on
the subject. An excellent musical en
tertainment has been arranged by the
programme committee, in which Miss
Austin and Miss Robinson will render
both vocal and instrumental selections.
To-day the Philomath Club will hear
Miss Anna Strunsky on "Kuropatkin."
Now, who is there in town better fitted
to give clubwomen a more interesting
view of this Russian leader than the
charming young Russian? A rare treat,
ladies.
• • •
Brava! The United Daughters of the
Confederacy have succeeded in getting
the next convention for San Francisco.
For this Mrs. Alfred Hunter "Voorhies
worked nobly. Again has San Fran
cisco been honored. Mrs. W. B. Pritch
ard of this city.^daughter of Albert Sid
ney Johnston, has been elected honor
ary president of the organization.
Laurel Hall Club held its business
meeting at 1620 California street on
Wednesday last. A programme followed
that provided much entertainment and
instruction. A piano solo by Mrs. A.
Roy Lyon and a mandolin solo by Dr.
Harry Gates were both well received.
Mrs. W. H. Rodda then read a paper
on Western Australia. Of late much
has been heard of Australia and its
points of interest, much of which is
not dwelt upon in books.
The following announcement is pre
sented:
October 19. 1904 — Piano solo, Miss Margaret
McGee, accompanist Mrs. William McGee; ste
reopticon lecture. "Louisiana Purchase Exposi
tion," Mias Abble C. Krebs.
Sections — Historical query box, Mme. Emilia
Tojetti; mythological and ancient history,
chairman Mrs. O. V. Thayer, first and third
Thursdays. 2511 Washington street, 2 p. m.;
French, chairman Professor Charles Pratt. 14O
Geary street, Foreign Teachers' Association, 2
p. in.: original writers, chairman Mrs. Ella M.
Sexton, first and third Wednesday, clubhouse,
1 :15 p. id. ; Shakespeare, chairman Mrs. A. B.
Evans, second and fourth Wednesdays, Mrs.
W. J. Gray's,. 2417 Pacific avenue, 2 p. m.
The Teachers' Club, which is carrying
on some excellent cultural work, has is
sued the following announcement:
The regular monthly meeting of the San
Francisco Teachers' Club, room 308, third floor,
City Hall, will occur Monday, October 10, at
8 o'clock p. m. You are earnestly requested
ti> be present. John Darwin Gish. LL.IL, will
give his initial lecture on the "Romanticists."
The work outlined for the fall term is as fol
lows: Literature — John Darwin Gish, L.L.. D.,
meetings second and fourth Mondays. 8 o'clock
p. m.; subject. "The Romanticists. 1 ' October
10, Walter Scott; November 14. Alexander Du
mas; November 2$, Robert Louis Stevenson;
Dt-cember 12 Henryk Slenklewlcz. Education
—Dr. M. E. Blanchard. leader. Meetings fort
nightly as usual; work for term confined to
Emerson's "Essays and Addresses." and
James" "Talks " on Psychology and Life's
Ideals." Conference — Mrs. M. L. O'Neal,
leader. Meetings second and fourth Thurs
days, 4 o'clock p, in.; work, educational mag
azines and question box. American History —
Jthn Darwin Gish. I.L.D., leader. Meetings
first and thit'd Mondays. S o'clock p. in., be
ginning the third Monday in October. You
are urged to interest the teachers In your
schools to identify themselves with the work
of th<s club.
On Wednesday the Forum Club will
hear from C. J. Nielson, the clever
young English artist, on "Art In the
Home." Those who have had the srood
fortune to know Mr. Nlelson's splendid
work, will be interested in his ideals of
home adornment.
Mrs. John D. Sibley, chairman of the
music section of the California Club,
presents he^r announcement for October
and November thus:
September 16 — Organization meeting.
October 14 — "Compositiona of Sir Edward-
Elpar," paper, Mrs. A. J. Norton; Miss Lucy
Fuhrer, Miss Nellie G. Moore. Alfred Coggs
well issliling.
October 28 — "Explanation of the Method of
Teaching Music In Public Schools of San Fran
cisco " Miss Eatelle Carpenter (supervisor of
music), illustrated' by pupll».
November 11— "American Men Composers,"
paper Mr*. Reuben Maatlck; piano sotpist.
Mrs Fannl* Myer- Ellis; vocal ensemble,
"The Birth of the Opal," 'cello obllgato. Miss
Lucy Fuhrer; son** by members of music sec
1 "November 28— "Song* and Bonr Composers,"
lecture. Dr. H. J. Stewart, . Illustrated by his
pupils. ¦ _ - . ¦ .
We are selling agents for "The Water
man Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents
for 'The Marshall,"- the. best. $1.00 foun
tain pen in the world. Sanborn, Vail &
Co, 741 Market street. •
Whatever human frailties have been
attributed to Senator G«or«e C Per
kins by the Nstural-born Knockers.
tactlessness has not figured among
them. From San Pablo Bay to Oyster
Bay he has earned a reputation of say
in? just the right thing at the light
time — that is, to men. Bat alas and
aiackS Pitfalls there are In the hish
v ays and byv.ays of the great, even as
of the lowly, and Into one of these was
the astute leader led by the seductive
hand of woman.
In an unguarded moment — rather In
two unguarded moments — be essayed, to
address two organizations of women —
the Native Daughters of the Golden
West and the Association of Pioneer
Women, and therein lies his woe. Who
Ehall say what dire fate would befall
the senior Senator should the bellig
erents meet shield to shield, with the
unhappy statesman between them?
But away with gloomy forebodings!
Perhaps the Senator will have hied him
to Washington ere the battle is on.
But even there he wouldn't be safe,
because in Washington lies the cause
of the war.
In the innocence of his heart and his
>\hoiesome desire to help the women to
help California all the trouble lies— the
crimination, recrimi nation, tears and
the feminine ultimatum, "so — there."
And it all came about bo Innocently.
thus: The Senator 'was invited to ad
dress the pioneer women at their
third anniversary celebration. Being a
Kullanl man, and an admirer of the
plucky women blazers of the trail, he
responded— and right nobly. Among
other interesting things he announced
that California was as yet unhonored
and unsung in Statuary Hall at Wash
ington, where every State is invited
l>y the Federal Government to perpet
uate the memory of two of its most
prominent sons in bronze or marble.
Of course, they must be dead sons —
because no man's a hero till he's a dead
one.
Well, on went the eloquent states
man, telling the interested ladies that
it was essentially their work to pro
ceed in the matter: that he himself
would send to Washington for the nec
essary papers for an intelligent begin
ning. Ah! 'Twas a noble sight to be
hold the dear old pioneer mothers
swamp the Senator with gratitude for
his •wise and gracious suggestion. He
couldn't drink his tea so overcome was
he with emotion.
And then the news spread abroad
that the Pioneer Women were Eoing to
start the statue movement, that a com
mittee had been appointed consisting of
Mrs. Anna Mclntyre, Miss Anna Mc-
Intyre, Mrs. Ella Lees Leijrh. Mrs.
Louise S. Chase. Mrs. Thorndyke. Mrs.
Julia PL Brown and Mrs. Louise Berry
man, and that they had cleared decks
for action.
In fact, I plead g-uilty to the charge of
helping 1 to spread the news, whereupon
letters— dozens of them— telephonic sal
utations, more or less sanguinari' in
tone assailed me from dozens of out
raged Native Daughters, who clamored
in my eaxs that I had deliberately aided
and abetted the Pioneer Women in
Ft— appropriating their honors: that
on July 24 K^ith Parlor of their order
had beg-un this FPlfsame aeitation. and
that later Senator Perkins advised with
them in methods of diplomatic proced
ure — and this many weeks before the
Pioneer Women episode. Now, ye who
know what it is to brave the wrath of
one woman may hold out the soft hand
of sympathy to the forgetful Senator,
who had thus suggested the same thine
—so say the Daughters— to two bodies
of women, 'something like two^hundred
<'f thrm. •
Now. the upshot of it all is that the
unhappy statesman is being bombard
ed with delegations and letters from
both until he can't sleep
o' nights. Thfn on Friday at the Pio
neer Women's meeting, just at the psy
chological moment, there arose a mem
ber who presented an invitation from
the Katlve Daughters bidding the Pio
neer Women to join with them in the
matter of "placing etatues of honored
sons of California in Statuary Hall, in
Washington." Phew: What a bomb
shell! and just before the Pioneer
Women had read their own resolution.
After quiet had been restored the home
motion wa; put and passed, and in the
putting the names of Leland Stanford
and T>r. Joseph Le Conte figured as the
heroes to be thus honored. The petition
of the Native Daughters leaves the
names blank. Both of these petitions
will b»? circulated immediately for sig
natures, bo say both sides, and present
ed to the Legislature in the spring, un
less a flag: of truce is run up ere then.
Singular that the revered and most
logical name, Junipero Serra, he who
brought civilization and Christianity
into California, was not one of the two
mentioned. Surely all Californians who
are fair-minded and broad-souled feel,
v.-lth Helen Hunt Jackson, Charles
Lummis and every other student of
Western history, that Junipero Serra
should— and must— be one of the two.
However, in this matter 'tis not poor
old Junipero, who hated pomp and
pride, who is to be pitied: 'tis Senator
Perkins. And our sympathies are with
him!
• • •
The Pacific Coast Women's Press As
sociation will hold its annual meeting
lo-day at Century Hall. The executive
board will meet at 1:30 p. m., to be fol
lowed by reports of officers. Then will
come the election of officers, with con
gratulations and tea. On Tuesday the
annual breakfast will take place at the
California Club, where much good fel
lowship Ti-lll be unloosed.
The following bulletin is issued by the
California Club for the rest of the
month of October:
Tuesday. October 18— Programme In charw
«t the department of noclal science. Mrs. Syd
ney Smith Palmer, leader of hospital section.
Talk, subject, "Tuberculosis and Its Preven
tion." Dr. "VriUlaxn Ophu!«, professor of path
ology and bacteriology In Cooper Medical Col
lege; Santuzza'e aria from VCUvalleria Runl
cana" <Ma*ca«nn, Mine. Carrie P.cma; tenor
boIo. selected. Ovaries GoetUng. accompanist
Ml«a Eihelwyn M arrack; brief talk. "Harmonic
Poise." Mrs. B. Cruver Dobie.
Tuesday. October 25— Social day. Programme
in charge of Mrs. Charles D. Ralghin. chair
man. Valae, op. 34, No. .1 (Mowkoweki). Miss
Florence O. Haasell (Mlu Hassell has recently
returned from Berlin after five years" «tudr
under Jetticzka, Barth. Scawarweokai;
HONOLULU, Oct. 2.— Governor Carter
is in receipt of the following romantic
epistle from a widow in Denver, Colo.,
and is at a loss as to what disposition
to make of it. The only bachelor of
ficial of whom he knows is the Secre
tary of the Territory, A. L. C. Atkin
son. The letter says:
I know you will think this a strange request,
but hope you will help me out in It. I have
had a dream and made a banter and want
to be thf. winner. I like romance alao. It
Is this, that within a year I will marry a
Government official of Hawaii and through
you I make my request. Now I beg you to
give this to a refined gentleman, forty years
of age or over, who can appreciate a sensi
tive, poetical, musical and refined nature.
Am a widow without any incumbrance and
am affectionate. The object must be a worthy
one and I must love with my whole heart or
not at all. I am from a Ions,* line of intel
lectual ancestry- I am at present reviewing
rcy music in a conservatory in Denver, Col
orado. I can give you the best of references
as to my standing and character. This la
the only Indiscreet act of my life, but I feel
that I am Intrusting this in the hands of one
In whom I can have perfect confidence. This
must to you seem silly, but don't throw It
in the waste basket, but see what you can
do for me and I will forever remember you
in my prayers.
For the present address
MRS. M. K. EDITH.
Denver. Colo.. General ¦ Delivery.
Soe'clal Correspondence to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— The Presi
dent has not yet decided, one way or
another, what action to take in regard
to the petition of the British and For
eign Anti-Slavery Society and Aborig
inies' Protection Association that he in
vestigate the alleged cruelties to na
tives in Congo Land. The impression
which has gone abroad that the Presi
dent will not act favorably upon the
petition is declared to be erroneous, as
he has not made up his mind.
The rule of the administration not to
initiate any radical policy just before
an election applies to the Congo peti
tion. On the other hand many people
of prominence have attached their
names to the petition and the President
does not care to risk offending them by
replying that the conduct of affairs in
Congo Land is none of the business of
the United States. The petition has
been referred to Secretary Hay for con
sideration and reply to the White
House. This status will be maintained
in all probability until after election.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Many People of Prominence
Ask Roosevelt to Investi
gate the Alleged Cruelties
She Writes to Governor Car
ter Saying She Has "Made a
Banter" and Wants to Win
OUTCOME OF A DREAM
REFERS MATTER TO HAY
BIT Eu§XRA IUUDQ POWERS.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Kochman announce
the engagement of their daughter
Maybelle to Isaac Sena.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Miss Madeline
Martulich 'and A. J. Bennett. The
wedding will take place on October 17.
The engagement is announced of
Miss May Harris and Leon S. Rosen
blatt, both of Portland.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. D. Morgan an
nounce the . engagement of their
daughter, Grace Edna, to William R.
Borlini. The wedding will take place
on October 26 at the ; bride's home,
423 Capp street.
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Reis of 2201
Sacramento street announce the en
gagement of their daughter Ldllie to
Willian Huie. The wedding will take
place in the near future. .
Mr. and Mrs. Korper announce the
engagement of their daughter Hattie
to Charles B. Wllbee of Chicago.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Travel continues, but those at home
are making merry. Even the little
people are varying their hours at the
school books with the laughter and
Joyousness that comes with games.
Cupid is busy; proclamations of wed
dings are heard every day and club
life is reviving rapidly. The season
of social gayety is at once opening
new channels of thought; discussions
and dissertations are heard on every
side, while subjects of import are
being carefully weighed. These will
be heard of later. Meanwhile all is
alert and ready to burst into life.
on October 1. The following members
were present: Mr. and Mrs. A. Wag
ner, Mr. and Mrs. L. Albert!, Mr/ and
Mrs. W. J. Peden, Mr. and Mrs. George
Alberti, Mr. and Mrs. H. Cordes, Mr.
and Mfs. George Manuel, Mr. and-
Mrs. H. Bllay, Mr. and Mrs. Batch
elder, Mr. and Mrs. Falkenstein, Mr.
and Mrs. J. C. Irvine, Mr. and Mrs.
F. Stapleton.
The ladies of the G. A. R., George
H. Thomas Circle, held a meeting on
I October 4, in Elks' Hall. Music was
given by Miss Reynolds and Miss Ruby
Roylance. The Mercerdi Soir Whist
Club held its opening meeting on the
23d of September, at the residence of
Miss M. Trittenbach. The members
for this season are: The Misses A.
Birth, L. Foulkes, K. O'Brien. S.
Schernstein, E. Thompson arid M.
Trittenbach, the Messrs. H. Lawton, G.
Lorentz, O. Ryst, F. Sankey, C. Skin
ner and H. Voorhies.
To Kalon held its first meeting last
Tuesday afternoon in the parlors of
Calvary 'church. This new club was
launched with the encouraging num
ber of 120 charter members and twen
ty-three more were added on this oc
casion. Mrs. H. B. Pinney, president
of the Woman's Press Association, is
also president of To Kalon, and the
programme, chiefly musical, was un
der the management of Miss. Julia
Rapier Tharp» assisted by Mrs. Mar
riner-Campbell. The numbers were
classic and well executed; consisting
ot the following: "Cappricis" (Men
delssohn), Miss Tharp; "How the La
Rue Stakes Were Lost" (Hood), Mrs.
Newton J. Tharp; (a) "In the Woods"
(McDowell), (b) "Synnoves Song"
(Kjerulf), Mrs. Greenleaf-Kruger;
"Ballade in A flat" (Chopin), Miss
Tharp; (a) "She Wandered Doyn the
Mountain Side" (Clay), (b) "Wiegen
lied" (Ries), Mrs. Klippel-SchafCter*
(a) "My Persian Prayer Rug" (Aid
rich), (b) "A Musical Instrument"
(Mrs. Browning), Mrs. Newton J.
Tharp.
Songs from the cycle "Maud"
(words by Tennyson, music by Arthur
Somervelle), sung by Mrs. Marion E.
B. Robinson and reading of the words
by Mrs. Newton J. Tharp: (a) "A
Voice by the Cedar Tree," (b) "O, Let
the Solid Ground," (c) "Birds in the
High Hall Garden," (d) "Go Not Hap
py Day" (e) "O, That 'Twere Pos
sible"; accompanist, Miss Tharp.
President Has Not Decided
Upon Action Regarding
the Congo Land Petition
Romantic Woman of Denver
Desires to , Become Bride
of Some Hawaiian Official
Competition for Honor of Naming Califor
nia's Representatives In Statuarn Hall.
Season of Gageuj: Returns,- Bringing New
. Interest to Metropolitan Life,
WOMEN'S CLUBS KEEP SENATOR PERKINS BUSY
WIDOW SEEKS
ISLAND SPOUSE
TO WAIT UNTIL
AFTER ELECTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1904.
The Scottish Thistle Club will hold
its annual Hallowe'en entertainment
and ball at; Lyric Hall Friday even-
Ing, October 28. The literary ; and
games committees of the club, which
have 'charge of, the' entertainment,
have engaged excellent talent for the
occasion. . In order, to avoid over
crowding : the -hall a limited number
of tickets has been Issued.
Hallowe'en Entertainment.
The M. M. C. Dancing Club gave
Its eleventh party at Twin Peaks Hall
i -The Woman's Auxiliary to the Brit
ish and American Union held its first
business meeting with the new officers
on October 3 In Utopia Hall. A vote of
thanks was tendered the retiring of
ficers for their faithful execution of
duties. On October 17 the union will
hold a meeting for social pleasure and
to promote sympathy with the cause
of this order, which endeavors to create
friendliness between two great nations.
Mrs. Herman Kruse of Alaraeda will
talk on "A Visit to Manila," illustrat
ing her subject by wearing the native
costume of that country. >
The Oak Leaf Club gave an «ntertaln
ment on September 27, which was well
attended. This club will give a mas
querade ball on Saturday evening,
October 29, at Findlay's Mission Parlor
Hall, Seventeenth street, near Valen-'
cla. v':«,;;- ;
Last Jlonday evening the Mission
Turn Verein honored the seventy-sev
enth birthday of Henry Horstman, one
of its oldest members. A serenade pre
ceded the festivities and a. large floral
offering was presented. Mr. Horstman
has advanced the study of physical cul
ture .; through •"- the .order,, and many
thanks' were given him for his en
deavors.
The Jefferson Square Club will extend
its hospitality to the California Club
to-morrow afternoon at the clubrooms,
corner Golden Gate avenue and Octa
via street. Many additions have recent
ly been made in the line of amusement,
four •more bowling alleys now being in
constant use. The board ; of directors
are: William Greer Harrison, president;
Henry J. \ Crocker, vlo« " president;
Frank H. Kerrigan, secretary; Edward
M. Greenway, , J. R. Ho well. Dr. Her
bert Gunn, H. G. W. Dinkelsplel,
Charles Elliott and Dr. James. P."
Pressley.
7
APVERTISTCMKXTS.
Conkliitfs
1 5eIf-FHIing
/7^$£%r\ Pen that im
'(Mf foe//
We also carry a rail lln« of society sta-
tionery. '
100 calling cards, printed. BOc.
Engraved cards, per 100. f l.OO.
Daylight loading films; cameras and
photo paper.
Large variety of California souvenirs.
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
T. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 KASZXT STKEET. OVV- PlftJu
SAN FRANCISCO.
f Perfect Fitting ft" \
Eyeglasses cf
At Moderate Cost J\
V 642
Always Remember tb« TvXL Vain*
| axative Rromo ftmnine
Cares a Cold In One Day. Criptn 2 Days
IS/. XOC^yytrg.^» beg. 23c
CUTLEIRY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
liHSSfiF A Thanksgiving Number
L^^^^^^^^^Pjfc (^H>^g|^.|^^ shared by all the members of The Delineator
P^WH^hmP^^^^B^^ **"" biggest one in the world occupied exclusively
JBSSB^S^j^^^^iBMa by any publishing house and its interests.
IffBlT^^^Pffi e ave escI^^ e<^ an^ Poured some of its /%^N
ffBfl|Jjyjffl|i||ffl| .-^ SaBftK^, unique features, and have told how the Butterick U^r*^?/
I -\HJfllRB8S''^" UssEni^h. * business came to be so great, and Jjfcrzz**.
t!sI«1f§1 3MfiHill^^^H anc^ k° w th e magazine is made. Vl^ji '< A
J^liiP^^i^ fullest expression this month. Scores (| j| \, V
Bro!rci§lKS«i ''^^sP^Pvlk °^ are shown in colors and in
BB&§&8™lfPffi» a^" tone — an arTa y t0 lem P t an^ fascinate every
I ill FiwMMw^^^i jf m conne<f fc° n "Her" beauty, and the j flpT
'II ji/MliBflSlwv^^^W queition is treated as thoroughly and \sf4ra
wli/Mimim^^^^^^^ W - J ay Mills contributes a notable article on
lii II^l/ffliillllip^m^^^^ New_York Society fifty years ago, illustrated by
IJ^^^^^IJY iV TO-DAY!
The Delineator may be secured of your newsdealer, of any Butterick agent, or of the publisher! at 15c a copy, $1.00 a year. '
. THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY (Limited). BUTTERICIC BUILDING. NEW YORKTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1904.
8
EMPIOYICTNT WAJTTEP— Mal>— Con.
YOUNG Jaoanese boy wishes situation as
waiter, housework or plain cook. Adress 5^-1
Castro «t.. S. F-: telephone Church 5430.
A JAPANESE cook wanta situation as cook
or housework In small family, city or coun-
try. F. K.. 418B Larkin st.
riNANCIAL.
. —. — ¦ — ~
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by the best of income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
interest.
Send for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. <1NC>
1172 Broadway. Cor. 14th St..
COMPANIES Incorporated; new Ideas: pre-
ferred, guaranteed stocks: preferential divi-
dends; big excitement mining: hurry up; da
It now; stock sold for you; Eastern connec-
tions: out-of-town clients solicited; advice
free. Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 622 Cross-
ley building. San Francisco.
WANTED— Party with from $5000 to $10,000
to Invest In a legitimate business, fully es-
tablished; paid SO ser cent net last year;
full Investigation courted. W. M.. box 2831.
Call offlce.
TIiATS TO UT.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense- list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time* and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-253 Geary
st.. en the square.
CHARMING view, up-to-date flat. 7 rooms,
bath, 793 Clayton nr. Frederick; will mak«
reduction in rent to good tenant. Call on
owner at premises.
ALSO
Flat of 6 rooms, bath; very low rent. Call
at above address.
STEINER, 2234^. corner Greenwich — 2 fla»
flats. 5 and 4 rooms: $12-$ 10 a month: see
them. BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. 211 Mont-
gomery' st.
ASHBURY sC. between Halght and Page: new
4 and 5 room flats; everything swell; Janitor
service; come and see them.
$23 — GRAND flat; 6 rooms: all modern and
sunny; xrand view. 736 Dolcres St.. corner
Liberty.
GRAND sunny flat: 7 rooms, all modern; rent
very low to responsible party. 874 Valencia
St.. near Twentieth.
NEW. sunny fiats of 6 rooms and bath: tinted
in latest style and everything up to date.
3152 and 3154 Twenty-sixth St.; $25.
ELEGANT, new, sunny 6-room flat; $32 50; 1
block north of Market st. 165 Noe st.. near
Fifteenth.
BRODERICK. 1620. near Sutter— Elegant new
modern flat. 7 rooms and bath; sunny ex-
posure; key lot.
$32 60— NEW flat of 7 r. & b.; large yard and
garden for children: sun all day. NW. cor.
Fulton and Scott, opp Alamo square.
4 ROOMS and bath; lower part of house; sunny
and convenient. 418 Hyde st.
CENTRAL, modern flat: 5 rooms, bath. 1030
Sacramento St., above Powell.
ELEGANT bay-window flat. 6 rooms, bath.
735 Minna St.. west of Ninth.
FINE upper flat: grand marine view; 6 large
rooms.bath. S.E.cor. Jones st. and Broadway.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG, 119 Montgomery st.
MISSION warm belt; 2 new, sunny fiats.
1122-1124. Guerrero St.' • .
NATOMA, 714, near Ninth — Upper flat, 4 sunny
rooms; large yard; rent $14.
NICE upper flat. 7 rooms and bath. $25. 190
Noe St.. near Fifteenth: Castro car.
TWENTY-SECOND. 3354. near Dolores — Flv»
rooms, bath, double parlors: $15.
Id CARL it. near Clayton — New 6-room flat,
$25.
3~GAT8 TO LET — PTTBinSHED.
TO LET — Partly furnished middle flat of art
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. Apply
daily bat ween 1:30 and 3 p. m.. 79 SoutJs
Park.
HANDSOMELY fur. modern flats. 4, 5 and 9
r.; sun; rent reas.; 2 to 5 p. m. 434 Bartlett
ELLIS. 736—6 or 8 rms., finely furnished; va-
cated Oct. 1. Call bet. 1 & 4 p. — .. premises.
oj^sale— ;— ttr— r sgnnx.
UPPER flat cf seven rooms at 50 Geary st.
for sale aa x whole or by piece; great aaerl-
flce on account of sickness; flat for rent.
• — — — . — _,
1782 SUTTER — 7-room flat: 6 completely fur-
niahed: all new; will sell for $000; rent $33.
BARGAIN — Nine rooms and bath furnished -
cheap rant. 72'' Howard st.; must D« sold
before October 13.
NICELY furnished modern flat for sale. 1974
Folsom st.. near Sixteenth.
CONTENTS of 7 rooms; must be sold by No-
vember 15. 1516VJ Vallejo st.
i" u ±&£i it u SZ POB W * TjT?_
H. MEYER & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture. carpets, etc. 782 Mission ;tel. Bush 813.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down. $1 30
per week. T. Brilliant's Tar. Co.. 340 Post at.
~X7B2~CTT7B~ WANTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1133 Market st. Tel? Jesaia 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office, for*
nlture, etc.. until you get h:s estimate.
WIL1< pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. I*. H.
BURP, auc. 1636 Market: phone Jesala 233*.
~ TR Tya-T r -H
A KITCHEN maid for a private family. $23.
A housemaid and seamstress for a steady
place In city, $30.
A nurse for one child (to go south), wagM
$20.
A cook for a restaurant. $15 a week.
A nurse tor an Institution in city. $23.
A cook for a bo«rdlng-house. city. $30.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.. near Pow el_
A LADY'S maid who can sew well. $30.
A nurse for one child (Infant), $30.
A cook for 2 people, wages $33.
A rood plaln'cook for small family. $30.
. A second girl for small family. San- Rafael.
J30; lady to be seen here Monday
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
AN infant's nurse, wages $35. must bring
references.
A nurse for an Institution In country $30
MIS3 PLUNKETT. 425 feutter St.. near Powen.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
RIENCES KECESSARY: GOOD PAT;
ETTXADY. WORK- LEVI STRAUSS * CO..
82% FREMONT ET. APPLT TO MB.
DAVIB. \^
EXPERIENCED SHIRT OPE RATOR<* A^~.
A LIMITED NUMBER TO LEARN It AVI?
StTeI4s7° KT - C ° R - °° t:OH AN» OROVB
WANTED— Competent servant: general house-
work; none other need apply; small f£Suv"
good wages. MRS. H. WHITER 173* og%". y t ;
YOUNG l*dy to take charge of ladles' depart-
ment employment offW. who can make a
. small Investment. Address box. »537 Call.
WANTED— Competent girt who understands
., German cooking; references required- row?
wages, good home. Apply ttlO^aUf^tgg
G 99T! n * n . ds on vest » tor machine work and
buttonholes; also finisher. 641 1^ Stevenson st.
WAIST hands wanted at 1407 Laguna st.
WANTED— Flrtt-class operators- on' -«»«••
- wa*ta do object; alao flnlabers.. 003 EU_ si'
EMPI.Q— MENT WAN TEP — ~«mala—Con
A GOOD dressmaker will accept a position In
a family; will take care of a few rooms and
assist with children and sew; wages $20 to
$25 and sleep home; references. Box. 2554.
Call office.
ELDERLY woman wants work at general
housework; city or short distance country; no
washing or windows: references; kind to
children. 436% Clementina st.
LADY with knowledge of French and Ger-
man and several years' experience In book-
keeping wishes position. Box 1426, Call
offlce. Oakland.
STENOGRAPHER, with * years' experience,
desires position. Address MISS. K. Me-
TARVISH, 2667 Pine st.
LADY, thoroughly experienced stenographer
in mercantile work, also bill clerk, desires
position; salary not lees than $50; best ref-
erences given. Box 2454, Call.
A COLORED woman wants work by ths day;
washing, ironing or work by, week. 928 A
Pacific at. /
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants place In pri-
vate family by month; city or country; good
reference. Box 2567, Call.
AN elderly American woman wants light
work; good home and $10 a month. Box
2990. Call offlce.
TYPEWRITING, copying, addressing envelopes
reasonable at MISS EDNA CRAMER'S, room
808. Mutual Bank building.
A LADY wishes a position as a first-class
cook; best of refs.: wages $30 to $35 month.
Address 1205 Stockton st.. M. C. K.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day, $1 SO; dresses altered, perfect
fit ruara rnteed. Address box 2445. Call.
COLORED girl wishes position aa chamber-
maid or sewing. Phone Red 6583, 566 Sutter.
TYPEWRITING of any kind. Room 604. 708
Market »t.
SWEDISH girl wants position for general
housework; wages $15 to $18. 23S0 Bryant.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch of fice.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken' for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
ZMPIiOTMEJrr WAjn~D— MALE.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes
a situation as clerk In grocery and barroom:
flret-class references. W. BOHLING. 417
Kearny at. *
SITUATION wanted by German (37) as sta-
Dleman, laborer or any other kind of work.
Box 29bO. Call offlce. -
BUTLER wishes a position, city or country.
Box 2845. Call offlce.
STEWARD
With first-class Eastern reference*
Wants a position, city or country.
Hotel or restaurant.
Box 2132. Call offlce.
A FRENCH couple, middle-aged, long experi-
ence in great family of Paris; speak a little
English; wife very good cook, man as waiter
or do housework, wish situation, city or coun-
try. Box 2777, Call offlce.
ACCOUNTANT, young man. experienced au-
ditor and systematize^ familiar with all
modern methods: permanent or temporary;
excellent credentials; wages moderate. Box
2547. Call.
AUSTRIAN. 30 years "old. speaks English.
German. Polish and Russian, wants position
as bookkeeper, cashier or collector; city or
country; best references. Box 2424, Call.
GOOD all-round man wants position in pri-
vate place; understands care of horses, gar-
den; good driver; can milk; good references.
Box 2515. Call offlce.
PLUMBER, licensed and Independent, —ants
work from property owner by the day or
week- has all necessary shop tools. Box 2S04,
Call offlce.
CAPABLE man. age SO, desires position as
secretary and correspondent or responsible
outside- position; best references. Address
box 2792, Call offlce.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants sets of books to keep, opening and
closing books, experting accounts, etc. Box
2263. Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter ieslres po-
sition; four years' experience with rallrcad;
best references. Box 2413, Call of3ce.
WANTED — Situation as night watchman. Jan-
itor, porter, collector or work In private
place; Al references. Box 2251. Call offlce.
OCULIST from East of considerable experi-
ence desires position with optician. DR.
PHILLIPS. 2O4 Oregonlan bldg.. Portland.Or.
MECHANICAL draughtsman. 1 year's expert-*
ence, to do tracing or detailing. Box 2430,
Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by salesman with eight
years experience; an Al worker; best of ref-
erences. Box 2906. Call. -¦/;/
JAPANESE wants position to run elevator or
any kind of work In store or hotel. J.
HORRY. 528 Stevenson st.
MAN to learn plumbing trade; willing to work
for small wages after experience; would be
willing to become a partner. Box 2859. Call.
GLAZIER wants job, city or country. Ad-
dress C. Z.. 2178 Sutter st.
WANTED — Situation mm specialty salesman.
Box 2574. Call.
YOUNG man, 30 years of age, wishes position
as porter; references or bond given. Box
29S6. Call offlce. -
WANTED— Steady work on large fruit ranch:
driving team; wages $30 and found. Call or
address C. STRIEGEL. SO* Third st.
CUTTER, could also manage tailoring estab-
lishment, looking for position In or outside
of city. Box 2448. Call office.
A RELIABLE man wants position as night
watchman: references. Address I. B., 756
Folsom »t.
GARDENER wants situation; competent to
grow a collection of orchids; best of refer-
ences. Address box 2476. Call.
SALESMAN and collector desires a position;
best of references. Box 1425, Call office. Oak-
land^
GERMAN gardener, married, like work by day
or month in city. Box 2431. Call efflca.
A CHINESE cook wants position In hotel.' F.
B.. 914 Dupont »t.
YOUNG man wishes position as salesman; ex-
perienced. Box 29S7. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS machinist and tool-maker; will
go anywhere. Box 1565, Call office. ¦
SITUATION wanted as hostler In livery stable.
Address R. S.. 1309 Stockton st.
BOY of IS would like to drive wacon. Box
2444, Call office.
WANTED— Position as collector: references
No. 1 and bonds furnished. Box 2421. Call.
CARPENTER, competent, desires work by
contract or otherwise. 20S7 Taylor st.
CHINESE, excellent cook, very nice refer-
ences, wishes a situation In family; city or
country; wages $35. Address 734 A Jackson
St., room 21, phone China 146, between 8
and 11 a. m.
CHINESE, excellent cook, very nice refer-
ences, wishes, a situation In family; city or
country; wares $35. Address 734A Jackson
St., room 21, phone China 146. between 8
and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Position by a first-class Chinese
cook; family or boarding-house. E. L., 1113
Clay it.; tel. Black 3658.
CHINESE first-class cook wants situation In
g private family. CHING WING. 902 Clay st.
JAPANESE with references wishes position as
cook; French, German or any style cooking;
city;. private family; good wages. 035 Sac-
ramento at.
GOOD Japanese couple want positions In fam-
. ily; man as good cook, wife aa waitress; best
references. . S. T.. 1303 Polk st. ; phone Lar-
kin 482.
A JAPANESE wants a position as cook In a
small family: city or country: washing; ref-
erences; $6 up week. N. K., 317 Mason st:
- phone James 6251. . /
'A JAPANESE boy wants position to do cook-
Ing in family or family boarding-house;
wages $30 to $35; must have references. Ad-
drees H. A., 20 Lewis place, off .Taylor st.
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position; wash
dishes or housework: understands some Eng-
lish. T. NAKAMURA. 744 Post st. '
JAPANESE High School student wishes posi-
tion - in -family; good worker.. GEORGE.
121 Halght st.
NICE ' Japanese wants ¦ situation to do house- '
1 work at small wag**. - YOKO. 230 Ellis it. . -
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
A— CAMERON & CO- Phono South 1050.
3 Eddv st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
euinmer outing, also for winter ehootlng and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for Uoueekeepin*:; automatic Kenefators for
making own cas; toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over nlsr.t; perfect little home; owner
obliged to «rn East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. .
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California; 50 stalls:
rent only $75 per month; well stocked with
horses, bustles, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; ownfers
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st.
FOR eale— Several good business propositions
for investors, such as first-class laundry, ice
cream mauufactoury. bakeries, furnishing
goodf, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; wculd be pleased to have
you call and lnsr>ect our list. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON &. CO., 3 Eddy st.
AN ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city; 7
acres in ehrubbery; 22 rooms furnished: 2
bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' leaee; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct: clears $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best hay. Kraln, feed,
wood. coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. F. ; cheap rent: horses and wagons; all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S00 per month; trial sriven If
desired; t>art down. CAMERON & CO.
. A
A — THE best restaurant and cafe in a live city
near San Francisco; well established; doing
a fine business; large and small dining-
rooms; fitted up in grand style; rent only $53
per month; am compelled to cell on account
of health.
J. W. JAQUITH,
1312 Market St.
Rooms 41S-419. Tel. Fob*>m 3468.
STOREROOM with fixtures In very prominent
location on Market St.; with lease 2% years
to run. with privilege of renewal; will sell
lease and fixtures with or without stock;
cheapest rent on Market st. for location. J.
W. JAQUITH. 1312 Market Bt.. rooms 418-
419; telephone Folsom 346S.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or eell property of any
description do not fall to call upon us; we
may have just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH,
1312 Market et.
IU-oms 418-410. Telephone FoUom 346S.
MILLINERY store, new etock. rent $00.. $1100
Cigar stand. Mason St.. rent $20 $100
Cigar stand, 7th et.. rent low; sell at invoice.
Drug store, across bay, rent $30 $2500
Paloon, Folsom, !.v. roms.. well stocked.$1100
Saloon. O'Farrell St.. license, rent $90. .$1500
Restaurant, Third St., well est., seats 58. $300
Restaurant. 4th st., rent $22 60; seats 46.$3l!5
Grocery and bar. llv. rms., rent $20 $350
Bak. and ice cream par., wagon route.. $2500
General store. 5 living rooms, rent $25.. $900
SAWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
111S Market St.
$5000 — CAPITAL for manufacturing business;
lady or gentleman; splendid opportunity.
Box 2579, Call offlce.
CIGAR stand for sale south of and close to
Market st. : laundry branch in connection.
Box 1291. Call offlce.
WANTED — To buy a restaurant in desirable
location. Address with particulars box 1552,
Call offlce.
$350— SALOON stock and fixtures; license
worth price asked. ANDERSEN & PYE, 935
Market sL
$500 — PARTNER in saloon, lunch and rooming
house. Call 212 First at.
$S0O— Grocery and bar; old establishment; long
lease; 4 living rooms; rent $25. .743 Brannan.
PRINTER (union) wishes to buy Interest In
a printing plant. Box 2479, Call.
SALOON for sale; owner leaving city. 324
Pacific st.
CALL at once; saloon for sale; bargain; on
account of sickness. 141 Second st.
SALOON for 6ale; location very central and
good trade. Box 1365. Call offlce.
WANTED — A man as watchman on a steamer;
must, have $200 security. Box 2534. Call.
TWO corner saloons; small cash payments,
balance time. ANDERSEN & PYE. 935 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS grocery store and bar for sale.
Apply SIEBE BROS. & PLAGEMANN.
$175 — CANDIES and pastry; 3 finely furnished
rooms and large basement. 525 Taylor st.
FOR sale, cheap — A delicatessen and dairy
produce store, with 4 r. and b. 2205 Mission.
GROCERIES and saloon* for sale at 1108
Webster Et., Oakland.
FOR sale — Half Interest in a two-chair barber
shop; cheap. Apply at 573% Bryant st.
A SAFE Investment for man and wife;, full
Investigation allowed. Address box 1595. Call.
FOR sale— 2-chalr barber whop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
SALOON* for -sale; 7 living rooms; price $460.
107 Georgia St.. Vallejo. . .
WANTED to buy — A saloon; location must be
gocd. Box 1276. Call offlce.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Oj*n until 11 p. m. /
I.0DGING-H0USE8 ~OB SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN t
ROOM 406, EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market sts.. tel. Black 3607; free list of
hotels and rooming-houses for sale WE GUAR-
ANTEE GOOD TITLES. MONEY TO LOAN.
City and Country Real Estate for Sale.
WE ESPECIALLY RECOMMEND a 83-room
house, north of Market; price reduced to
$2500;, $1000 down. $25 monthly and low In-
terest; nice, quiet, permanent roomers; clear-
ing $138 monthly guaranteed; owner anxious
to go Eaet immediately.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MUST BE SOLD by Oct. 14— .A thoroughly re-
spectable rooming-house, centrally located
and most beautifully furnished in velvet and
blrdseye maple; 60 rooms; rent $6 per room;
row clears $200 monthly; when full, clears
$300; 6-year lease; make your own offer to
_ MARION GRIFFIN.
GILT EDGED.
$10,000 (first oayment) secures -one of the
largest and moBt popular apartment houses
in this city; everything strictly first class.
—Profit Over $6000 Annually. —
Fee My Sale Agent, MARION GRIFFIN.
PROFIT $174 monthly — A respectable corner
42-room house; price $3000; % cash; rent
$125; 6-year lease. If you say so; 2 floors;
fine entrance. ' MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW AND MODERN 100-room apartment
house; Income $1007 monthly; expenses,- $639;
profit, $458; owner must change climate; it's
a flret-clapg house. MARION GRIFFIN.
IN FEB.; 1004, a 87-room apartment house
north of Market was artistically furnished
with birdseye maple furniture and velvet
carpets; owing to unseen circumstances we
are authorized to secure an offer on it.
I MARION GRIFFIN.
FOURTEEN-ROOM house in quiet location,
north of Market; sunny side of street; price
$800. Vt cash and $10 monthly.
¦:¦-'.¦¦:¦¦* MARION GRIFFIN.
UNEQUALED TERMS— $400 secures a respect-
able 21-room lodging-house, 3 blocks of Mar-
ket; price down to $1100; we back' you for
all over $400: rent $60; clears $70 monthly
MARION GRIFFIN, 400 Examiner Bldg. -
N. B. — Only $500 down; I we back you for bal-
ance; elegantly furnished apartments; re-
spectable; $75 banked monthly; roomers take
care of their own rooms; 24 rooms.
- . - ¦ - . ¦ ' MARION GRIFFIN.
ONLY $200d (first payment) secures a very fine-
ly furnished' new 49-room: rooming-house-
very select; on Sutter etreet: long lease; own-
er leaving, for Alaska; owner claims profit
of $351 monthly and accurate books.
¦"¦•-- MARION GRIFFIN.
LADIES. If you want a fine rooming-house,
above reproach, come and see a , swell, ¦- fash-
ionable 40-room house on Sutter; St., • dear-
lng $150 monthly. "MARION: GRIFFIN. .
12-ROOM house; only $20 rent; $600 cash -well
furnished. 325 Jessie at., bet. titi and 7th.'
THEi^jfCALL
JOHN" D. SPKECKKLS Proprietor
AJdrt-ss Communications to
.7O11X McX AUGHT Manager
\V. J. MAKT1X. . . .Business 3Ianager
TELEPHONE.
Ark for THE CaLL. The O-^crator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You \Msh.
Publication Off.ce Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Roome 217 to 221 Stevenson st
Delivered by carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. "•> ,
Cl*. Ter Month. Eir.cle Ccpi«s f> Cts. j
Terrr^ by Mail. incluclr.K Postage (Lash Vk iw
Order) : „ M ,
DAILY CALL <inr!ud. Sunday). 1 year — *_"XX
DAILY CALL (tndod. Sunday). C raof... 4.W
I3A1LV CALI^ By Single Month „«?? \
RTNDAY CALL. 1 Year ."XT ,
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year ;-,£.|
f Dallv ..$S.SO Per \ear Extra |
FOREIGN J c.,-i-y. 4 15 Per Year Extra |
POSTAGE [Weekly. 1 <X> Per Year Extra |
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE £™° RXZED !
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. !
Eample Cccics w ill be forwarded when re-
quested. I
Hall subscribers in ordering change cf ««- I
dress should be particular to give bo" 1 |
AND OLD ADDKESS In crder to •£•""**
prcrr.pt and ccrrcct ccn-.p'.iarce wi.n tneir re
Quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
X016 Broadway Telephone Mala 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
S14S Center Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS ETANDS:
WaliJorf-Attorla Hotel; A. Brentano. SI
Union Square; Murray IUU Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS ETANDS:
Eher— *n Hcu»e: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Trr^cnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palir.er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEOP.GE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
CLccf Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK RnPF.E£ENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH.... SO Tribune Building
NEW TOrtK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square |
I
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner ilarket end Th!r<J streets; open until
12 o'clock every r.ient in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOS Market street, cj.poaUe Fifth; open until
11 v. m.
C27 Mcntf oxnery street, ccrcer Clay; cpen until
»:3J0 c. — .
£00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CS8 McAllister etreet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
GIS Larkin Etreet; cpen until P:30 p. m.
3941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m .
J06 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan etreeti;
open until ii p. m.
£200 Fiilmore rtifet: cpen until 9 p. m.
MEETOTO UOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal _
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- VSf
ING. Degree 4. /V\
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodce No. 22. F. & A. 9
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING atVy
7:Cf» o'clock. First degree. By order />r\
r>f the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
HEP.MANX Lrvjge No. 127. F. & A. M. _
Called meeting THIS DAY fMON-VVf
DAY). October If'. 1901, at 7:30 p. m. /V\
l>egTee 1. By order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretry.
KJNG SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 2eO. F. fi
A- A M.. 1S33 FUlmore Ft.— First 4f-YY
Ere* THIS (MONDAY) EVENING. /V\
at 7:30 o' clock.
HARRT BAEHR. Secretary.
LODGE FRANCO-AMERICAINE fc
No 2 r ~, 1. O. O. F.— Of fleers £!B0Sfmak
hrA members ;-.:<> ::r.itrri to 2t--=j3^£^5!
tend the funeral of our late < SwB» >
brother. HIPPO LYTE CUNEO. from 504
Clement ave. Monday. Oct. 10. at 1 o'clock.
J. M. BOSCUS, N. G.
L. L. REMY. Secretary.
THE California Debri* Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from E. J. Gordon and P. McElroy, In
Messer Mine, near Mountain Houee, Pluaias
County. Cal.. draining into Spanish Creek,
which reaches Feather River, gives notice
that a — eetinr to receive any protests will
be held at room 06, Flood buildlcg. San
Francisco. Cal.. October 17. 1304, at 1:30 p.m.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting.— Notice is hereby
given th&t the annual meeting of the stock-
r.olC*rs cf the Bank of California will be held
at the bankiro:-bou*e In this city on TUES-
DAY. October 11. J9O4. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Ey crier cf the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news ir-.r 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pa~»s, in wrapper, for rr.ai'.irxr. $1 per year.
AOE-TSJ-A-TED^
HOLIDAY books; earn pies ready; best lines;
all publishers; best line of subscription
bookr ; best terms; agents and canvassers
wanted every county and town. THE J.
DEWING CO.. Flood buildlnr. 6. F.
EXPERIENCED canvassers. $6 to S9 day. 1114
Washington st.. Oakland, r. S; 10 to 12 a-m.
INKI.ESS fountain pens: sample 15c: dozen
tl 50; rf tails 25c. FIELD CO.. 118 Bush at.
ATTOBgEYS-AT-LAW.
n. W. KING. Atton ley-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
frtfc Moor: entrance room fill; established 20
years: til courts, seneral court and office
jTaciie*; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; €v«r.'.r.f:* by appointment. Tel. Red 360L
ADVICE free on all legal matters: divorces a
specialty: private, quick: no pay in advance;
mlr.ing companies organized; patents obtained.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.; estab. 22 yrs.
AAA — DIVORCE costs. 512; quick, quiet.
Advke free: all law business^
No charge unless eucoeEB'ul.
Kfl3 Market et., ccr. Seventh, room <19.
AA — Divorce: costs $12; qu!ck.<julet;adviee free;
all law buclnesE; no charge unless success-
ful: cpen evecinjrs. C27 Market et.. room 301.
ADVICE fr»e; divorce costs J1S; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; offlce
cpen Saturday evening*. 619 Market st., r. SS.
ADVICE free; divorce costs 512; quick, quiet;
all low business ; no charge unless success-
ful: cpen ever.lnjs. 327 Market, room 204.
W.McUhcwr. 032 Market et. ; consultation free;
private and confidential: no advance fee*;
collections, mechanics' Hens, tenants ejected.
PATENTS. American ar.d foreign. SONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine st.. f.th floor.
V- 6. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304: consulUu
tlon free: r.o fee? in advance: open evenings.
ASXhnffA CUBE.
DI NOLA'S Asthrca Remedy relieves Instantly
ind. 25c, SOc. !602 Market, St. Nicholas : :
aK-> "Wiri art. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
: ' ASTBOLOGT.
2OBEIDE. artroloeer; prychle, occult and as-
trological reading*. 9 Mason St.. rooms 1-2.
AUTOMOBILES.
¦WHTTE tocring car, complete; bargain eon-
tidertng car; tor. searchlight, baskets. Box
2S21. Call ofrtc*.
WHITE touring car for rale. $13 B0. Box
1282. Call office.
AN automobile for sale. $500. Box 1068. Call
off.ee.
BAxai or rigs.
A POSITIVE cure where ell others fall; all
<\ :.-'<••¦':¦ of women; $2 per month. 804 Larkin
st.. upstair*. " ¦ ¦ i
BIEDS. DOGS. ETC.
HARTZ Mtuiiiain canaries & African gray par-
rots Juf ; received. A. C. Robi— .n. .T» Kearny.
. BOAKPIHO PQB CKILPBES.
WANTED — Chiia to board: good home; best of
ccr-.- n*ar t.rhool. lgftO Mission st.. nr. ISth.
CIiOTHUTO BE~OVA~rjrO.
SUITS cleaned and pretsed, $1; scouring and
€yc:ns. Eon March*. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
Hhonb Drumn 4t. Call, for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4;~coilectlons made;
city er country. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
¦lomgo— erj r st. rooms 8-10. T»L Mala 65S0.
CULTItVOTAITTS— Contained.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU. •"'."""
Hundreds are lifted from bad health, bad
luck. love, domestic and business troubles,
by the aid and advice of the popular clair-
voyant,
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
His fprmer $5 reading this week for $L
Read Carefully An Honest Proposition.
(You to be full Judged
• No Charge No Charge
Unless you obtain the information for which
you consult him.
I ho hereby solemnly agree to guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name
and what you want to know. I tell if hus-
band, wife or sweetheart Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry; In fact. I
will tell every hope, fear or ambition better ,
than you can tell yourself; I will improve
.your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength In mental and bodily vigor,
and luck that insures success in business,
mining and speculation; I Implant controlling
power in your nature so you can fascinate
any one you desire, win the one you love,
bring back your loved one and cause mar-
riage with the one of choice: 10 a. m. to 8
. p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st. — 326.
MME. ALTHEA, trance clairvoyant; call and
be convinced: — onderful powers, 108 Sixth
St.; hours 8 to 11 p. m.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25o,
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
PllOF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
er; readings 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. 612 Jessie st.
MME. GABRIEL. Eastern palmist; card read-
er; 12 to 6. 765 Market St.. room 2.
MADAM MARIA, card reader.. 110H Langton
st. (No sim.)
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. 612% Eddy St.: no sign.
MR8. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, la now at 317 Ellis st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MOVED— Mrs. J. J. Whitney] clalrvoyanC
business medium and life reader. St. Kath-
ryn, 480 Ellis st., corner Leavenworth. room
221: no signs.
DEAD-TRANCE medium; genuine, unique,
successful. 114 McAllister st.;. no sign.
C.MAYO STEERS iphychlc readings by mall $1.
8568 17th st.. San Francisco; tel. Capp 856.
OABK3T^BSAT1-O Aj~ D^CX~AM TgCK
COMPRESSED Air and.. Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpeta on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama at. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED II AGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 223.
CONKLING'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
- 833 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St. — First-class
carpet cleaning, 3o yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st :
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old places made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 SO up; crowns, $2 up; fllllnga,25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
paln;open Sundays. DrA.C.Hewltt. 204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.14. 1st
floor, Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary
st. to cor. Sutter and Grant ave. -
ALL work guaranteed by the New Tork den-
tlstn. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 960 Mission, cor. 6th.
DBESSMAXIBS ACT SEAMSTBESSXIS.
MRS. W C. KRUEGER'S DressmuCklng Par-
lors; Driers reasonable. 630 Golden Gate
ave., room 21; uhone Sutter 1981.
MRS. LESTER — Circle; 8 p*. m.: 10c; read-
ings daily. 43 Sixth st.. room 3.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School — •
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor
-DtrCATIONAt.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
st between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYERS, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, «vt. 723 Market.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln., m«ch., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1864; Van
• der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr.' City Hall.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journal-
ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. rn..
833 Phelan bldg; terms -very reasonable.
MISS MacNEIL. piano teacher: also coach for
tennis and club swinging. 36 Glen Park ave.,
off Twelfth st., bet. Mission and Howard.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured.. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LKGK. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— MOVED to 1281 Market' St.: large, eunny
quarters. Western Business College.
SPANISH.French.ete.Prof.De Flllppe's Academy
of languages, 1018 Post; est. 1871; ablest profs.
VOCAL lessons: competent teacher; $3 per
month. K. box 2501. Call office.
CHICAGO Business College. 1435 Market — Posi-
tlons.' shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $8 mo.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano;
beginners & adults; 60c. 2395 Mission, cor.20.
GUITAR, mandolin and .piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor"ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. T'2 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght:
individual lnstruc. ; all branches; day, eve.,
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave. S. P. : 75-page catalog on request.
EUFLOYKENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
WE furnlah bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general, help. "NATIONAL." 609 Hearst bid.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl,mgr..tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
¦flee; all kinds help. 316 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; eetab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
BMPLOYMEMT WAHTED-gEMALE.
RELIABLE woman wants work at general
I housework; city or short distance country: no
washing or windows; references; kind to chil-
no postals; carfare. 436}, Clementina st.
LADY, thoroughly experienced stenographer la
, mercantile work, also hill clerk," desires po-
sition; salary not less than $50: best refer-
ences given.. -Box 2454. Call . of flee.
A -.YOUNG srlrl Just from Germany < wisftes a
position: ud , stairs or general housework.
•¦•. 306 Tehama st. ' : • ¦
COMPETENT cook wishes a. position In a
private family. ; 2216}$ nilmore st. ~
WANTED-^Posltlon as maid or nurse! to grown
children: can do plain sewing, hair dressing
'., i&tii manicuring. W. ,K.,> 134 Fern ave.. city.
WOMAN wants labeling by day or piece work
•'30%, Page, st." . - ; :
YOUNG woman' wants to work by the day or
. '. gent' s washing. Apply ; 7 Lilac ave. .
THCPC APC THOUSANDS WAITING TO' SUPPLY YOUR
I BUSINESS CHAyCES.
I -f NO~~TRIFLERS NEED TO APPLY.
IF YOU MKAN BUSINESS.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
Department store; dry goods, clothing and
carpets; business established 35 years and
known as one of the best paying mercantile
establishments across the bay; stock will In-
voice to about fS.VOOO; owner to retire; will
accept Vt cash, balance on first-class security.
A — S1S00; CORN'EIt saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; rent $75;
lease; a good paying business; value in sight;
owner engaged otherwise. See R. G. WILKE,
28 >¦» Kearny st.
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition: 6 living rooms; rent $45; 4% years'
lease; splendid location and good-paying bus-
iness. R. G. WILKE. 26 M Kearny et.
A— JbOO. CORNER saloon; rent $20; place
eurrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny «t.
A — $2900; CORNER bakery and confectionery,
ice-cream parlor, etc.; 4 rlne living rooms;
rent $50: one of the best of its kind of busi-
ness in the city. See R. Q. WILKE, 26Vs
Kearny st.
A— $20cO; CORNER grocery and bar," with
living-rooms; rent $45; best location on Mis-
sion it. ; place established years; fresh stock;
value in sight and a good paying store. See
R. G. WILKE. 26K "Keamy st.
A — $50C; CANDY. Ice cream and tamale par-
lor on Devlsadero st. and 3 nice furnished
rooms; rent $25; a bargain; owner sacrifices,
as he must leave the city. Call It. G.
WILKE. 26 H Kearny at.
A — $6500; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.: rect $250; return rent $175;
piac* doing good business; full value In Bight;
a great bargain. See R.G.WILKE,::GV>Kearny.
A— $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kltcb-
en, etc.; monthly Income $1000: one of the
best business properties: about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $1600; cigar eland, corner, choicest and best
location in this city; rent $10; large stock of
leading brands; will nearly invoice the price.
Bee R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent TlOO; lease;
with first-claes paying saloon In manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 2'JVi Kearny st.
A — $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; close
to 4 theaters; rent $100; well established
business; full value In sight; a rare chance.
Sea R. O. WILKE. 2e% Kearny st.
A— $CO0O; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses, 2 hacks, 1 coupe. 18 bug-
gies, ha— lesses, etc. ; 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doisg a first-class paying business; rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny at.
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 38 beds, to boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; in lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26>4
Kearny st
A— $900; CORNER saloon on Fourth St.: rent
$30; living rooms; leaee; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE,
26 H Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $23,
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market et. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny et.
A— $2600; HOTELlln San Mateo County; 28
furnished rooms, <dlning and bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See
R. G. WJLKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
street; rent SCO; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S0O; a well established and
flrnt-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26 hi Kearny et.
A— $S00: CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
_ ____ /
DO LOU WANT a nice, genteel business that
Is guaranteed to clear $3000 per annum on an
Investment of $6500? Besides, for your In-
vestment you receive a stock of goods and
fixtures that will Invoice close to $9000; busi-
ness is located in one of California's most
beautiful and prosperous Inland cities, less
than 90 miles from San Francisco; long lease
with very reasonable rent on building; such
an opportunity is seldom offered and is
worthy your immediate Investigation. For
full particulars see
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 406. Examiner bldg.. San Francisco, Cal.
BEFORE you buy any business call and see
BERG & POPP. S18 Kearny st.
f35oo — SALOON, one block from Market; bar-
gain. See BERG & POPP. 316 Kearny st.
$3000— HOTEL and bar. 30 rooms. 45 board-
era. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny at.
$1400 — SALOON and merchants' lunch; whole-
sale district. See BERG & POPP. 318
Kearny pt.
$6500 — HOTEL of 76 rooms; cheap rent and
lease. See BERG & POPP, 31S Kearny st.
$3000— SALOON' with lea*e; rent $80; bargain.
See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny «t.
$600 to «2750— RESTAURANTS in good loca-
tion; bargains. See BERG & POPP. 318
Kearnx ft.
$375 to $1000 — CIGAR stands In good loca-
tion; bargains. See BEHG & POPP. 318
Kearra* st.
$1600— SALOON*; near Market; bargain; call
at once. BERG & POPP, 313 Kearny st.
$500 — GROCERY and delicatessen; value In
sight; bargain. BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny.
A — KREDO & CO., 765 MARKET ST.
WE— HAVE— IT.
$500 — Partner for commission* business.
$450 — Roadhouse across the bay; tnao.
$600 — Hotel, 15 rooms; near the city.
$15W> — Saloon with buildings; no rent.
f(5O00 — Swell saloon, cost $9000; lease.
J2300 — Transient houee. 26 rms. with bar.
$ll(>0 — Lodging- houre, 26 rms.; clears $100.
Full rartlculars at KREDO 6c CO.'8.
TAILORS, attention! Good chance; nice tailor
etore for sale (requires but Very little money),
consisting of Singer S. M., looking-glass, cut-
ting-table. 4 benches, other fixtures; a few
suit patterns and trimmings. Addrees H. L.
BROWNE. 20 N. El Dorado. Stockton. Cal.
F. L. SKAGGS & CO.,
Hotel Brokers. 26 Montgomery St.. 8. F.
Phone James C3O1.
Hotels bought, leased, sold and exchanged in
any locality.
SALOON and restaurant— Best family resort
In TVatsonville; low rent and long lease;
limit of 25 saloon licenses In this city; doing
a good business. Addrees THE TAVERN,
Watsonville. Cal.
FOR sale — Eighth Interest In new steam
schooner; oil burner: one of the best boats
on the coast; Is paying 15 per cent net. For
particulars address MRS. J. H. MANS-
FIELD. Redwood City, CaL
PARTNER wanted that Is reliable and honest;
light- indoor business; established for years;
pays at least $S5 per month to each; very
small capital required. 87 3d St., room 14.
$3WO — A GOOD house of 10 rooms: lot 150x
150; yard full of fruit trees; some orange
and lemon tree*. Apply 1108 Webster St.,
Oakland.
BOOK store with living rooms in rear; $1600
cash; value in sight; a splendid opportunity
Bex 1421. Call offlce. Oakland.
FOR sal* — Good saloon in live country town-
price $1650.' Address FORE A. WISEMAN*
Petaluma. Cal.
DRUG store; first-class corner: cheap; office
rooms In connection; two years' lease $30
J. W. MULLEN. 27 Second at.
WANTED— Man and wife with $1600 to Invest
in a good paying business. Address box
1594. Call office.
YACHTSMEN and business men— All kinds
of drawing and tracing will be done cheap
and exactly. Box 1718. CalL
WANTED — To buy tailor shop cr tailoring es-
tablishment in or outside of city. M HFU
LER. 8232 Seventeenth st.. San Francisco.
A POSITION for the right party; worth $5000
a year if competent: $3000 required; money
fully secured. Box 25S4. Call office. oney
$250— BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery, cor.
store: 8 eunny rooms; rent $17 50; fine flx-
tures; good trade. Apply 235 'Kearny at.
WILL sell half Interest Jn a rood legitimate
business proposition that will net over 80
per cent profit. Address box 1B07. Call.
FOR sale— New and second-hand furniture
etcos; about $2000; or exchange for chicken
ranch. 1435 Mission wt. cnicnen
FINE corner delicacy, fancy groceries and
liquors, with 4 living rooms; can't be beat
Box 2603. Call offlce. . "
FOR rale — A email grocery and bar. Inquire
at the Jackson Bnw~~. 1.12* Minion eL
IiODOHTQ-HOTTSES FOB BAIiE — Con.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
82 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine-
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car*
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city.
7-room modern flat- close In; well furnished;
cost $e00; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
28 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room; long
lease; up-to-date, downtown modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clearing
$330 to $450 at bargain;' owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make offer:
exclusively ' with us. * - ' ' .
00-room. new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; oheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 6 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account sickness.
. 45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing new over $200 per month: always full: best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $146; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and ear-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
80 rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown; fine, respectable, money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest. ,
9-room flat; rent only $60: water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price J40O.
128 rooms, cheap rent; long lease; first-cla— ,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing* $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
• _____
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central: good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
84 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON. 3 Eddy St.
HOTELS.
H. C. DECKER, 906 Market St., cor. Stockton.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Phone
John 531.
28 Tears Selling Houses in San Francisco.
See My Bargains. .,,«-.
21 rooms; Market and Powell *1599
6 rooms; 6th and Mission: snap $200
100 rooms; new; modern apartments.
Will trade for real estate. See me quick.
60 rooms; Market st.; transient: snap. .$25OO
16 rooms; N. Mkt: rent $75; reduced to.$1300
50 rooms; Powell and Ellis; clears $175.$38OO
B rooms; new flat; rent $12: a bargain. .$175
$2100 SECURES that 26-room house: a money-
maker; .terms easy. See DECKER.
14 ROOMS: nice location; reduced to $450;
owner sick: must sell. See DECKER.
*200 — FINE flat; a snap for some one. Call
early at DECKER'S, 906 Market 8t.
SOME BARGAINS — Furnished rooming-house
in business center, making money, reason for
selling owner going East, to the right party
easy payments; well-located European hotel;
choice family hotel; apartments and flats,
furnished and unfurnished, for sale: prices
and terms will suit.
PACIFIC COAST TRUST CO..
708 Market et.. San Francisco, rooms 604-600.
15 ROOMS; Market nt.; rent $60 $1000
6-room flat; rent $20 $250
24 rooms; rent $00 $000
12 rooms; rent $45 $300
24 rooms; rent $105: will trade for land. $2400
23 rooms; rent $140: north of Market. .$1050
SAWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
1118 Market st.
SWELL boarding-house of 17 rooms; located
In Oakland in the 400 neighborhood; owner
obliged to leave the State and will sacri-
fice; if you are looking for a snap this Is it.
M1TCHENER & BARTON. 916 Broadway,
Oakland.
MITCHELL & CO .'
1206 Market st Phone Jemle 2981
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO
COUKTBY HOTEIi WANTED.
$C0OO to $6000 — WANT furniture and lease of
first-class country hotel in live town; 73 to
100 rooms wanted, with bar; give full par-
ticulars; will give In exchange $1600 to $2000
in cash and first-class $3500 boarding-house,
best location "in San Francisco; handsome
furniture, favorable lease. Address box 2545,
Call offlce. _^
_J CSAIB— OYAJCT HB^-
A Phenomenal $5 Mental Reading for $1.
The great — ELLSMERE — Ellsmere — The
great Egyptian *eer, palmist, medium; the
greatest clairvoyant in the world; tells your
name, what you called for,' whom and when
you will marry, about business, etc.; Ellsmere
is 'different from other clairvoyants because he
does what they claim to do: things that are
beyond ordinary understanding, things that
soe.m impossible; he gives you Information, re-
lief, success, satisfaction, power and control
of any character affecting any one or anything
past, present or future; he tells you Just what
you may expect and what to do for your best
interests In any matter; he awakens a natural
force within ana around you, giving you a se-
cret power to remove' the cause of any trouble,
influence, unhapplness disease, poverty, failure
or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens up
a way for success and happiness you desire; a
power to secretly change the thoughts, actions,
habits or Intentions of any one, even miles
away; remember there is no guesswork when
you consult him; If affairs of the heart or emo-
tions of love interest you, he gives exact and
truthful advice on all love affairs; he advises
you how to settle lovers' quarrels and enables
you to win the esteem and love of any one you
desire. .-
3 offices 1007% Market st. 3 offices.
Open Sunday, every day, 10 to 8. Mail. $2.
A— THE EMINENT
RICHARD MAYO,
THE GREATEST LIVING ADVISER ON
THE CONTINENT.
This week $1— His $10 reading— $1 this we«k.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
I demonstrate to the entire satisfaction of my
patrons that I am in a position to advise them
in all matters of life, whether on business, do-
mestic troubles, health, or on social lines. If
you desire to have your lost love returned,
your enemies converted Into stanch friends — in
a word, whatever may be your troubles, suspi-
cions or desires — call on this gifted man. ... He
will tell ybu frankly your condition, what you
may expect. . If nothing can be done for you
he will not accept . one dollar of your money.
He tells everything, good or bad. You. hear
the truth and nothing but the truth. As a test
In his readings he tells you your name, age,
and what you want to know, giving dates,
facts and figures. All business sacredly confi-
dential. Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m., dally and
Sunday. ¦ • " .;• •
421 Ellis st. Don't ring. Walk In.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
- nently located at 17 Third St., . next Exam-
iner ' bldg. ; ' she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings , and portrays
' events to occur in, the future; If you are in
trouble, discontented or ' not . satisfied -with
, life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles, consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
. vice In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
. guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
A — Miss M. Wllle, 830 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you, exactly
what you "called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; sp«clal^l^hours^£0_to^
ISMAR. Egyptian : seeress. The Vendome, : 1104
Market St., San . Francisco. . Offlce hours— 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12:.Wedne«-
; day evening.' 6 to 8. Phone South 114L ,
MRS. WAYBORN, medium— Palmistry, card-,
reading ¦ free with > all psychic readings; dr.
: Mon. and Frl..-:8 p.m. 1235 Market, nr. 9th.~
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted dalr.'and palm.:
reveals love; marriage.-, business. etc.:'L.;50c,'
¦ C $1: hours 10 to 8; names. 714 Franklin »UTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1904.
9
EOBSES^AKDJirAGONS.
A t<TANDARD bred horse for sale: 17 hands
high; S years old; will weigh 1350 lbs.; or
will exchange for a good draft horse; also
a t\nr pony for t-a\<c. Fliifle-fcoter; will ride
or »lri\e. saddle and • bridle. 1521 Railroad
ave. Al:imeda.
FOR "sale — A first-class pony trap and harness
in g<v*<l order, pony drives Mr.gl<\ double,
tanclam, sadiilo: safe for children. Call at
2410 California st., city.
MNK river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; nenr Black Diamond. Contra Costa
Ccunty. Nucleus Stables. 100 Stevenson. S.F.
CARLOAD pentle work and driving Horse?.
¦W-efitern Horn* Market, 22a Valencia Et. E.
STEWART, formerly of 721 Howard st.
THP.EE seconS-hand top wagons, business
b;isglp« ar.d delivery wagons of all kinds.
1504-150G Folsom st.
FINE rcbb-T tire Victoria: the latest thing;
for sal» cheap. 1503 FoUom Bt.
FOR *ale — Carts, buggies, •wagons, from $0
up at 40<i Eleventh st.
BAY horse for sale; weight 1300; height 16
hands; pound and willing. Box 1562, Call.
WANTED— A business buggy. Box 13S5, Call
office.
FIRST-CLASS horse: fine new top wagon;
suitable bakery, laundry. 847 Mission st.
A LIGHT express wagen in fine condition.
F. F1TTOCK. Park st. bridge. Oakland.
WANTED— Large work horses: suitable for
j iano wagons. lBYRON MAUZY. 308 Post St.
GOING out of business: new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. l'.V> Mlrs-ion at., nr. 13th.»
AUCTION Fale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth at.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
re*s. wcrk and driving horse*. lfith-Valencia.
31 0 TJS E S TO IiET-
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; »end for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN 4 CO., 20 Montgomery.
$27 50— rAN HANDLE. 1181 Oak; 8 rooms;
ealnn parlors basement, yard. Inquire at
1183 Oak st.
BROADWAY. 1!>32. near Laguna — 8 rooms,
bath; n:nrine view; rent $42 60.
NICE Runny house, ."> rooms, bath. 20 Metcalfe
place, off Geary St., bet. Mason and Taylor.
HOUSES TO I.ET— rUBmSHED.
HOWARD. 2130. nr. Ifith— 8 rooms nicely fur-
nished; rent $50. 1 to 4 d. m.
HOUSES FUBNISHED FOB SALE.
GOLPEN GATE ave., 525—^Furniture of 11
housekeeping rooms, full steady roomers,
cheap, as owner is leaving city.
NICELY furnished house of 12 rooms. 233
Third st.
HOUSES WASTED.
WAXTJSDrr&trlctly first-class house In the
Western Addition, furnifhed or unfurnished,
for six montb« or year; about 12 rooms;
careful and resuonsible tenant. Box 2S2O,
Call office.
SOUSES WAKTED — FURNISHED.
WANTED — A furnished house of about 7 or 8
rooms within half hour from ferry; rent not
over $C0. Box 2880. Call office.
, _
INVESTMENTS.
Which is better, to leave jour money in the
bank and receive 3<-« per cent on the same,
or to purchase a $1600 Realty Syndicate 6
per cent, paying $24 every three months, for
$1500, paying on your outlay over 6 1-5 per
cent?
Or If you prefer, some Oakland Crematory
stock at $25 per share, paying now 7 per cent
with every prospect of increase. Four divi-
dends having been paid of 30c per share al-
ready this year, and another of same amount
payable on the 12th of this month. These In-
vestments are- available if applied for Imme-
diately to W. E. BARNARD, 47« Tenth St..
Oakland.
IKVAI.ID CHAIRS; - -¦-
EOLD rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eanies tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ;tel. Park 771.
I.OST AHD TO-QTSTD.
LOST — In Oakland, between Brush and Six-
teenth st. depot, small open face ellver watch
attached to blue and gold beaded fob. con-
taining initials U. C. Return to 763 Twen-
tieth ft.. O&kland: reward.
LOST — A pass book with the Htbernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of HARRY N. HUNT, No. 283-
2C7; the finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Short-hair yellow dog with collar and
license. Return 1127 Florida St.; reward.
LOST — On Friday evening, at Market and
Powell sts.. pair of opera glasses; reward.
Return 153 Fillmore st.
LOST — A satchel with $40 and keys on car
from Cliff House to Ellis and Taylor sts.
Return to 608 Taylor *t.; reward.
LOST — Bull bitch; name Fannie: collar; li-
cense No. 40C4. Return to 229 Sixth st. ;
reward.
LOST — A bunch of keys, about 14. on a wire
ring, on Monday. Return to 766 Bush st. j
and receive reward.
GOLD breastpin; 2 green leaves and 3 pearls In
design; liberal reward. 405 Hyde st.
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
S-lling your old gold and silver to the* Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made Jnto new
watch cases. 220 Sutter St.
XAUWCHES JPOB^HjEBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH~Co".." Voot of Clay
et. : for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaelie Launch Co.. Unlon-st. Wharf ; boat-
Ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. :tel John 268«.
MATTRESSES AUTO PII.I.O WS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.: phone South 216.
THE BOSTON PROMOTION "aNd"dEVEL-
OPMENT CO.. room 13, 330 Pine st.. will in-
corporate and finance propositions of merit;
buys, sells, develops and operates mines.
$5000 — CHANCE of life in mining; pay from
?start. HUNSAKER. fl Eddy st.
MISCELLANEOUS— f OR, SAI.E.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pump*,
pulleys, chatting, etc, etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale »U
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH * WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
DOES YOUIt ROOF LEAK? "
Repair It with elaterlte. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins for fale on small weekly pay-
ments: goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
BLANKETS, sheets, pillow slips; 100 pairs of
each, all new, at half price; splendid chance
fcr lodging-bouse or hotel. Inquire room 220.
Mulrhead bidg.. Market and L&rkln sts.
WE told It would rain; It has; your roof
leaks; buy our paint and stop It: best article
made. Burnett Paint Co., 306 Parrott bidg.
AA — 19 varieties thoroughbred young roosters
and pigeons. Ingleside Poultry Yarde. 907 Mt
Vernon ave.; Ocean View car to steel b'rldge.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water-pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 263-255 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair;
. foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
DIAMOND8 and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12, upstairs.-
FOR sale — Motor cycle; good running order
bargain. 178 Noe st., near Fifteenth. •
GOOD* family cow, giving 3% gallons milk
dally, for sale; cheap. 4039 26th st.
YOUNG, fresh. Jersey and Durham cow; rich
milk; gentle; sell or trade. 1694 Gan Bruno.
B. &. B. billiard. table: no pockets, balls, cues,
pool board, pins, $135. 1500 Washington at.
A—MURRAY & READY. 634 and' GIG Clay el.
Phone Main .'S48.
leading Employment anJ I^ibor Agents.
W4- ypeak the German. French Italian.
Scandinavian. Gretk. HpanJ*h. Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave .19C4 W e Hope to
t>0.000 Men Work. Increase lilt.mK).
CARPENTERS. CABINET-MAKERS.
3 SHIP CARPENTERS. $4 DAY.
2 painters. far<> K>c. $2 to $:< day.
Painter, stage hand. $2 50 day.
i^utolt sawyer, city. ?:: a day.
Mai: her and uticfcer hand. £.3 to $4 day.
Painter, city, plain j°b. S2 5l» day.
25 carjx-r.t«Ts. Nevada Siate. ?" r.<» <iay.
4 <ar|vnters. fsro IOC, $3 d.Ty.
WHEELWRIGHT. NEVADA. $3 DAY.
2 fchinclrrs 1 . r>(»c far* 1 . ?1 per M.
0 woodworkers; ."« bench bands.
14 cabinet-makers, factory work.
Matcher and sticker hand. £:i 5 rt day.
Card»r. cotton machine. $"J 25 day.
2 cutoff f-awyern. country. 173.
TaM<»-ni:iker*; .'I brusfcn;akers, band sawyers.
Gang trimnierrtian. farf $L' 00. $.10 and fd.
LOOK.
Blacksmith, Gcvernmer.t jcb. Nevada, $:t 80
day.
3 PAINTEKS. $2 r-0 TO $3 DAY.
*« PLUMBERS. St 5f> DAY.
Your fare i>nld; ncn-union men.
12 PLASTEREKH. *t .".<-• DAY.
0 IRON MOLDERS.
Well direer, $40 fd. : lever man. dredger. $75.
MISCELLANEOUS POSITIONS.
Farmer and wife, fare $3. |4S and found.
Laborer, city pickle factory. $10 week.
Gardener, private txEiJcncep. bo.«s here, $C0
and fcund.
3 boys for city wtores. $4 wefk.
DRAPERY SALESMAN.
STABLEMEN.
IC stablemen city and country. $75. $<"£>, $40,
$3'.- ar.J fo-jrid.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
BAKERS.
i Goo.1 oyster man. -1C>p fare, $45.
I Confectioner, city. $20 week.
Bbeep butcher*. Sausags mai;ers.
Slai'sbtT-hcus* butchfr, $:;0 fd., fare $1.
Shoj» batcher. 5Cp fare. SSO ar.d found.
Slai!i;!-.ter-:iou.^e butcher, fare paid, $30 fd.
j Knife mos, shop men, etc.
; cooks.
t> rook*. (iirr<Tpnt ir.br. $eo. 550. $40. $r>o fd.
0 waiters, porters. beoTnakerp. $20 to $35 fd.
Slavonian steward. $50 and found.
Greek porter, countrv »al. /••::. $25 and found.
MTJXUIAT & RF.ADY. C34 and C1G Clay St.
JERKUXE t<?am«ter. $2 2.'.. *2 W) day.
NEW JOBS.
25 tarrkmen. $fi7 50 to $75.
12 laoorers, lumber company, $60.
BOYS— BOYS— BO YS!
23 boys for factory $•"*<> an>1 fnund.
«3 WOODCHOPPERS.
GANG CHARCOAL BURNERS!. ISc SACK.
FARM HANDS.
25 farm har.ds. $.10. $2t5 an-i found.
MURRAY A- READY. 0-"<4 and' 636 Clay st.
25 SHIP CARPENTERS. $3 50 PAY.
12 rough carpenters, !0c fare. $.'{ day.
BOILERMAKER. $3 60. .
Carriage painter. r?f»c farf-. $.™ day.
'J camp blacksmiths. $<!.*> and found.
20 laborer*. 'Me farr. $1 75 day.
SPECIAL.
12 boys or young men, *a*h and dcor factory,
»1 to $1 50 day.
Boy. city grocery store; t-alfvin porter, $25 f<l.
Second cock, mine boarding-house, $35 fd.
5 sh#ep butchers. $Sf>.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and CSS Clay st.
NEVADA STATE.
NEVADA: NEVADA.
S."> tcamuters snd laborer*. $75.
$1 FEE— THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY & READY. «>4 and 036 Clay st.
SPECIAL.
Man and wife, country hotel, man as bar-
ttnder. wife as waitress, see boss here, $45
and fourd.
2 fop-men. Government work, new, $fi.1 and
fouud.
Bl»ckm»;th. Government work, new $05 and
found.
CARPENTERS.
10 carpenters, plain house work, country,
fare $1 40: long Job; $!»0.
Sailor, dredger $45 snd found; young man
for commission house. $3 we*k.
SHIPPING CLERK.
<~ity job. Fteady, $12 week.
Married team.-ter. good Job. $72 month.
3 carpenters, city Job. "$3 <lay.
MURRAY & READY. C"J4 and 63C Clay St.
2 TYPEWRITERS, for thi* office.
MURRAY & HEADY. <ii4 and 038 Clay st.
MEN to learn barber trad-?; only eight weeks
required: only institution teaching the ton-
Korial art Call or write fcr free catalogue.
Special offer. Mchler Barber College, 649
Sacramento st.
WANTED — A flret-class men's furnishing
goods salesman for our city retay. Apply,
with reference. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Mar-
ket ft., orr. Sansome.
TWO submanagers: also solicitors: Pacific Mu-
tual Life, 508 Montgomery st. : call morn-
Incs at rooms 31-32. 7th floor; references re-
quired.
ALL classes of machinists furnished on short
notice by Machinists' Union. 1159 Mission
st. Phone Mint 24O<5; office hours 8 a, m.
to 5 p. m.
LIFE position* at good salaries In Government
service antf how to eecure them. For full
particulars apply Pacific Correspondence In-
stitute. Grant bidg.. 1095 Market tt.. S. F.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD
A SMITH. S5 Third St.. 8. F.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns and write short articles for publica-
tion; $60 per month and expenses; references
required. Box 2368. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
SHOE repairer: steady job: no night work;
elderly man preferred. MAJOR REID. 273
Natcma st.
BRIGHT boy to run errands and learn fur
trade; $4 a week to start. AD. KOCOUR.
121 Pcet st.
BARBER school; the cheapest and best In-
struction and shortest time to learn the
barber trade in the world. 647 Commercial st.
GOOD, strong boy: $1 per day. Box depart-
ment.. Mutual L. and L. Co.. Second and
Bryant «*., Bryant-st. entrance.
FOR sale — Two-chair barber shop; price $65;
rent $10 per month. 1000 Powell «t., cor-
ner Clay.
FOR sale — Barber *>hop: 2 chairs; clearing $35
to $40 a week ; in good town, population 2300.
Address box 2482. Call office.
BARGAIN— 2-chair shop; revolving chairs;
good business: first-class every respect; $100;
sellincr account departure. Box 1556, Call.
I WILL teach you all about life insurance
and how to sell it. Write for terms and ap-
pointment. Box 236fl. Call office.
YOUNG man with experience for fancy goods
store; one from the country preferred. Box
2440. Call.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. .'.£! Mission et.. bet. l*t and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
TRY uur men's shoes, ur.lcn made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bld.;open till 9 p.m.
FIRST-CLASS pre*K?r. Apply BROWN BROS.
6 CO., 516 Market st.
MAN to learn the barber trade. We pay you
i while learning. 251 Mission st.
! WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply bet- 9 end 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS'.
DENTTET wanted: experienced and licensed.
Box 1430, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — Jeweler* at 17 Lick place. Lick
Home.
BARBER shop for sale; must sell this week;
a eood place for right party. 229 Fourth i>t.
WANTED — Solicitors for good side line. Box
2451. Call office. ¦
S. F. BARBER College will take next 6 scholars
free. Call for particulars at 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the -world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN -vanted at 137 3d st., where shoes are re-
paired by rnseblnery: sewed soles 10 mln..76c.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r.415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
thlp*. HALLBERT. 617, Jackson st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls,r.40,PheJan bidg.
Past Com. G^o- H. Thomas Post. O. A. R,
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements snd subscriptions has been
op^utd nt IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Opcu until 11 p. m. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor Duncan tc Church sts.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL ftxpc men's shoe*, slightly damaged, half
price. C83 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d iu.
OTSCEIiI.A»XqtT3— FOB SAMS— Coa.
SHOE cobbler's outfit: machine, etc. 44 Ship-
ley street.
SAFES and deeks. prices right, at Rlchardeon
Bros.. 123-125 New Montgomery, nr. Mission.
Firewood cut to lengths. $2 delivered. E. C.
Pitcher & Co.. eth A Hooper; tel. South 375.
Wallpaper, 3^c; paint. $1 gaL; painting, vrh\T-
ening. Merlgan, 1302 Webster; tel.Stelner 3671.
2D-HAND bids, material; lumber" door. sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elecant sealskin fci- sale for $75. SE- !
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring $50; terms $0 per
month. P. V. OARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
FINE diamond sunburst; 7 large stones; a
bargain: $350. 10 Blxth st.
ROOMS papered; $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Taint Co.. 319 Third; tel.Maln 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st. ; tel. South 811.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021H Market st. -
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FRKEMAN. 1320 Market st
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
£OME good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES- N'ew and *econd-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all tlzet. J. E. DOAK. 4f. Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
ca3h. KARL EBEIt St CO.. room 408, Ad-
tuns bidg., 206 Kearny et. ; phone Black 3036.
DIRT delivered free at any point within one
mile of Oak and Fillmore «ts. 8COTT
GPaFFIN, 40(5 Examiner bidg. •
HIGHEST prfcee for ladles', gents' castoff cloth-
Ing.. etc. Tel. Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
AAA — BUY any am't good 2d-hand ladies' and
men's clothing. 922 Folsom. tel. Folsom 3522.
HIGHEST price* paid; gents' cantofl clothing
and shoes. Tel. Red 1544. 610 Washington st.
TILTON wants good eecond-hand clothing an<*
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2651.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my method*
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees: CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide in me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential, Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities: Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post at.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S>4 Market «t., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' specialist, now
• visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market at.
PRAE — Dr. Robertson's remedy; a protection
acalnst Irregularities; absolute safety guar-
anteed: $1 box. The Robertson Co., 615
Grant bldg-.. Market and 7th sts., S. F., Cal.
DP. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market.
MRS. DR. OWYER. 511A" t*avenworth st:. be.
tween Grary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleafon-Rugglea Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
JttOjrjBYJTO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY ~<Inc.)^
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5V4 and 6 per cent
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies,
e&tates in probate, undivided Interests in,
property, probate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies and undivided Interests In
property purchaeed.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bidg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
6O1-6O2-60B Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN " *
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d «
¦ Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 400. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 403 Parrott bldg|
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store
848 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 10 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: eai?y payments; large business Jn 48
principal cities. Tolmap. WS Parrott bld^g.
YOUNG & CO.. room 537 Parrott btdg., loan
money on furniture, pianos, etc.. at about
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid off.
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages. diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st..
near Market.
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities.
$23 up, without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co., 80 Columbian bidg.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 52B Parrott bid.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, f>07 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or ptanoa: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. rm. 21.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; easy payments. J500 Rialto
bidg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
TO ralarted people without security; on furni-
ture, Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bidg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton St.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 r>er cent per month. - ,
DON'T borrow money on salary until you s««
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bide
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bids;.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry at 2 par cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorscr. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
PIANO for sale— High-grade, suitable for hall
or parlor: will be eold at a sacrifice; orig-
inal cost $G50. Call and examine It at 54tf
Clayton *t.
WHY pay $300 for a piano when you can buy
the same grade Instrument for $160. cash or
..installments, at 769 Market St.. second floor?
ELEGANT walnut' upright, former pries $280, '
' to be had for $117. cash or installments, at
769 Market St.. second floor. <
IXEX.F xrtLjrrvjy — pe««s — con.
AA— EMPLOYES' IJKGlSTlSrcO^
•tt-f.3 ClinONlCLE BLDG. JAMES M21.
f'alt+Udy. wholesale and retail ajillinery. .$75
Al bat trimmer $75 mo.
!•«<!> ytrnosraprer and cashlT *W> mo.
Teacher. cn*anage. anuwlrdge of music —
good eaiary.
T.*ijy, g,'»©d character, manajpe bekery.$75 mo.
- "i-F»l^s<liiil!eji, candy store •!<? week
K\.:-tr.cj,cc«i fc?jirtmi»krr for taller. $U>-$12 wk.
- ixperlenccd leather turners ?2'J werk up ]
Lady for plain cooking Good salary ;
WANTEO— Woman for general housework (3
Jn fa.rr.liy) :o s» to Shasta County. K3(» and j
far? raid. r.m-claM-- situation; rook, country. •
S4O. .Stc J. F CitOSETT & CO.. 334 Sut- j
fr «t.
A—WANTrrr^-Glrl* to Icim halrdressing
rr:»nicurlr.j. etc.; trade tsv.ght from A to Z
in 2 week";' tuition ti tn thoee entering now;
ttree porlticn* to "!! Immediately; positions
r'jera^teed st $10 per week up; leading
•chool in V.'ul. Geary St.. room 12.
V/aNTUD — Glrli to learn millinery now for
fell rcatc-;. bdh ;•¦-:¦.» taught from start
?c f.n^h Jr. cne rricnth for $5: positions as
trln-.r:;frs. saie-'.aJiec. mtkers. guaranteed at
110 r>er wcrk yp: 7 poultices to be filled im-
mediately, rarlorn 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— TACIFIC Co!:*** teaches kalrdresEing,
n-.*2!cur;ng. electric maisage. etc: six hours'
ir«.-ti<~e m. iiy; guarantee position* : only
Tuor- co:>£e cf Us kind en eatast; Jay
er.d .-.tn'.ng clas»«»; all parlor work at re-
<!urcd prices. 133 Powell it. .
WA5TTEO -- lToong lady, cat appearance,
undrr ."» leot 0 inches, under 125 jxrunds, 'or
tl-.catrir.aJ !:!u?l"n; shew .-Uy. Call l!0 KOdy
»t.. tck-.t: o\ L<-;\v«-«-n 7:30 end »:30 p. m.
V-ANTKl— A your.*: girl for general house- j
y.-orii : i.<x-d not c««k. 7M Eddy *t. !
WASTED — Neat girl for second work. Call I
tnwt-en 1 and 4. 2.^21 Buchanan st. '
GOOD PftStl fir.:*her wanted ut 156 New Mont- I
posaery *t , room 18.
TALKN'THD • rr.at~.tr performer*. Apply at
O:-.:tts. ti p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
A FEW* Indies to asisiet making new line dee-
nr3tiv fancy work: little taste, but no ex- j
ptr>:;c«- cr ta'.ent rro-jiitd: pi*-cewcrk to be I
trl:cn fcc.TJe; about 10c jier hcur at firut;
steady. Call between » snd :>. SOC Ellis su
WAXTED — An ex^rienced srlrl. German pre-
l>rre<!. to t*!.* enre of two children and as-
s:tt in **r-<-r<l work; •najres 525. 1480 Pare
St.. cear Ma*rni<- me; call bet. 10 and 12.
WANTED— MJdd»»-r.yJ woman for (Jpwnstafrs
work and cixkitir: *:na!l washing; good I
»-e£<-s. Call cr .'>U<Jt^«s 547 Chetwood St..
OakUr.3.
I-AIiJKS to learn bsrl— r trade in H weeks-; also
!:sin!rf5*:n«: rnfl DiBnic-jring In 4 week*: cat-
nU-gue mailed free Meier barber College,
t>4i» Sacramento st.
EXPERIENCED rem-ing mechlne operators on
overalls, coats and jumpers: steady work
LEVi BTRACSS & CO.. 22V4 Fremont «L
Arrlv to Mr. Davis.
WaNTUD — A German «rirl for second work:
»aeia f2S; call after 3 p. m. daily. 517
}-..*'..-. Vis-la ave.: tske Haight et. car; get
cS at Central ave.
LADIES to le&rn photo negative retouching;
tassbt bf expert; rc F «tior.» guaranteed at
$1" i<vt »t-k ar.J up. Ml Page et.
WANTED- First-class lady Ironers: apply
Mendav morning. SHEERIN'S Laundry. T«>i> !
McAllister et.
BEFCCED wciiin for poMtlon cf trust with
wrni«-?ale house; reference* required. Box
54U, <"»" office.
GinL. 930; err.all family. 2« Fifth avenue,
DOTtfe at I^ake st.
EXPERIENCED restaurant -sraltres*: open.
r<cu»».-: £i>od pay. Box 23M. Call office.
GIRLS wanted f<jr factory work. Ill Clay
street.
BAG operator* wanted. Ill Clay et.
OTAVTED — Girl for general housework; $20.
Ar-ply 2*57 Fourth ave.. Richmond.
GIP.LS wanted. XEWTOX GVM<CO.. cor.
Second snd Folsom sts.
VAXTED — Bright errand girl for dressmak-
I::p establishment. J. BAER. 1200 Geary m.
_^_ H *? 1 '* WASTED— MALE.
AA— EMPLOYEES' REGISTER CO. "*
C4-tr. ChrL-nicl^ building. Phcne James $881,
S'.lk salesman, city $75 mo.
Drugri«t. not registered $75 rao.
Good praetlc&l dentist $<ii> start
Al ( ¦*. : . - - »? • : $20 w*-«-k
Stock clerk, gents' furr.ithlrgn $10 we.k
Expt-riencrd stationery salesman. . .$15 week
Young man fruit saU-tman $12 week
Stenographer, city $50 mo.
Travfling n»an $25 wk. and ?-xpenms
Driver, city grocery $12 week
Young man. IS shipping clerk $30 mo
Candy-niiker. all round $22 £>(> week
Cabinet-maker $3 50 to $4 day
gtlesrr.an. !n?lc3e, teas and coffees. . .$75 mo.
Exr*rt designer and burner leather. $25 wk.
" young men to become ealesmen, Falary.
Boy tor errands. Cne store Jo week
Boy to become crockery salesman. ..$6 start
Open until 6:30 p. m.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractor*" Agents 95 Third St.
Laborer, city, $2 25.
2 carpenter*, north. $3 50. house work.
Man to lay rock gutter, city. $2 50.
Dry cleaner, city. $12 to $15.
." lumber pliers.
Grape lackers.. Scnoma Co.. $1 and found.
Nevada, teamsters. $2 50, fare $7 50.
Laborer*. Solano Co.. $2; 5-ear"» work.
AMADOR COUNTY NEW RAILROAD
Teamstere. $2.
Laborers, (2.
Long job. Good camp.
AT INDEPENDENT OFFICE.*
Phone James 557«. 612 Merchant *t-
- carj>enters for country. $3 50.
Harness cleaner, ttable, city. $60 to $75.
liugpy washer, city. $65.
Harness rr.&ker. $3.
'¦• :¦ to Ir-arn ta.rr.n-r making, 16 years old.
Bey to learn plumbing. $30 to etart.
i'J laborers, north. $1 75 day.
15 laborer*, bouth. $1 54 day and board.
Wsuter for fcotel.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial st. Phone Bush RX3.
Calker and carpenter, shipyard. $70 fd;
ralkcr. 50c fare: carpenter, city, $S; 5 plow
teamsterr. $30 fd; 4 woodchoppers. $1 tier;
25 charcoal burner*. Ike eack: 5 boys, box
factory. $30 fd : cock, country hoteL near
city. $'• fd.; T> laborers, $2 50; 5 team-
ster*. 12 SO. ship en tills job to-day, cheap
tare; 3 butchers, city, $S0.
MAN £Rd wife. lucr.ber camp. $70; man and
wife for sanitarium, country, $50; ranch
tfaftiftem, SH& and found and fare refunded;
caxj>enters. $3 day; dairy foreman. $30 and
fnund; man about place. $30 ar.d found;
« ooks. diihwashen- and cthtrs. J. F. CROS-
ETT A CO.. CIS Sacramento *t.
ANDRCS office, 217 fctockton et. — Butler and
wife a* cook. $75: second butler, $40; cook,
plain hotel, country. $*0; 2 dlshwatbers, $25
arid i:.'.'. asclrtant miter. $50; younc man
rc-r nur»<ry. $!2 a week: helper for dclicarl**:
store. $5 s. week; waiter. $10 a we*k; porter
for hoi^ltal. $r0; nurse for hospital, $25; etc.
A YOUNG barkeeper for a country hotel. $50;
mutt be neat and hav* good reference*; see
bo«s here this morslTig early. Apply to C.
n. HANSEN & CO . 429 Bush st-
FIVE good br»!*h hands this CMonday) morning
al Da?scnv1 lie's carriage palnuhop, 2315
Plr.e ft., near Filljnor* 1 . $2 50 a day; also
2 good striper*. $:• a day. . earae place. |
WANTED— A young man with experience In
butrher buelneu to take orders Apply O.
GP.AgnrR. Third ave. and California et.
WANTED — Fim-clas* operators on vests;
nuqtf no object. 0C3 Ellis St.
WANTnn-Handy man for express business
and ttabU in country; $20 mo. 212 Eddy «t.
TV ,£ NT i EI> ~ Your * man ' P° rt «". barber ehop.
nAP.CER war.tM. 710 Pollt «t.
MAN fr profitable trade: reference* and $25
v.cg^ while le-mi rx . ; 12 nm , t • "
E^« h Tt?r* k rt. °" ,te.d>-
TOY fcr plumting rhrp; m* with experience
preferred. 14* Chenery st.; 7:30 a. m
WANTED— Youtb for flower-6tur*~Appi7«7
Sutter^ st_ vj«jr«jT
Ru*h and Mason ets.
iVANTm— A roatmiiker «t 317 Montgomery
jvr; tvork Inside. '
WANTED hy »h-;le»ale house, bright boy for
•«mj,V rnoii; i<tat»" age and references la
<«ti handwriting. Box 1785. Call office.
WANTED — Youns man who ts an experienced
dry jcods wrapper. Aprly between 8 'and
11 A. m. at HALE BROS.
.¦WANTED— -A J*wel»T to mak* Jewelry rrom
detigr.s as a title llae. Box 7782, Call office.
SEAL ESTATE-^CITY — fOB SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of Investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesroom. 20
Montgomery st., Tuesday. October 11. at 12
o'clock noon.
REFEREE SALE.
The 5 following properties will be sold, sub-
ject to confirmation by the Superior Court,
although no Increase bid can be offered In
court after sale:
No. 1.
r\oe. 511-13-15 Stockton St., west H»?. be-
tween Bush and Pine sts.: improvements con-
sist of 3 flats of 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$SM 60 per month; lot 23x90
N». 2.
• No. 509 Stockton st • Improvements consist
of 2-story dwelling of 9 rooms and bath; rent
$37 50 per month; lot 23x00.
No. 3.
No. 22 Tehama st.. north line, between 1st
and 2d sts. ; Improvements consist of dwelling
of 12 rooms and bath; rent $22 p«r month; lot
23x80.
No. 4.
No. 64 Tebama St.; Improvements consist of
dwelling of 11 rooms and bath; rent $25; lot
25x80.
No. 5.
No. 254 Tehama st.. north line, between
3d and 4th sts.; Improvements consist nf
dwelling of 6 rooms and rents $20 per montn:
lot 25xS0.
VALENCIA -ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
. Valencia St., east line, between 14th and
15th; 2 choice building lots close to transfer
point; thiB property has a most promising
futupe; lots 25x5*0 each
IiRODEUICK-STREET PROPERTY.
No. 2211 Broderick St.. west line, between
Washington and Jackson; improvements con-
sist of a desirable 2- story residence of 8 rooms
ar.d bath; rents $35 per month; lot 27:Sy«x
112:6.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 1513 Leavenworth St., east line, between
Jackson and Pacific: frame Improvements con-
sitt of front ind rear dwellings; rents $33 per
month; lot 32:tixl62:6 to an alley.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
Nos. 46-8 Norfolk St., off the southerly line
of Folsom, between 11th and 12th; Improve-
ments consist of 3 tenements and stable; rents
$32 per month; lot 34xSl. Irregular. -
CASTRO-STREET CORNER.
Southeast corner 23d and Castro sts.: de-
sirable building lot. 26:6x106; bank mortgage
of $1200 at 6 cer cent can remain.
LOIS M. APGAR ESTATE.
Administratrix Sale.
The following properties must be sold to
close the above estate, subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court:
UNIVERSITY HD. EX. ASSN.
Lot 7 of block 116.
SUNNYSIDE ADDITION.
Lots IS. 19 of block 10: lots 45. 48 of block
45.
SAN MATEO COUNTY.
Lot 11 of block 1. Esconditl Tract.
ALAMEDA COUTTTY.
Lots 8, 9, 10. 11 of block A, Broadway Ter-
race Tract.
MERCED COUNTY.
The westerly. H of section 36 and the south-
east « of section 25. In township 09 S. R 9 E,
M. D. B. 4 M., containing 480 acres.
For catalogue and further particulars, apply
to our office.
G. H. UMBSEN 4 CO..
20 Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lets In tha Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table: en street
grade; close to fine *chool; not far from the
MIsylcn-st. electric cars; secure one as an
investment ttnd by the time it Is paid for It
will have doubled In value the way prices
have advanced during the past year; buy
now before prices be-ccme prohibitive in this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Main 5701.
$25,000 — INCOME 86000; Merced County;
122 8-10 acres; SO acres peaches and grapes,
8 acres alfalfa, 17 acres grain, 105 acres
under irrigation; modern 10-room house with
ga* and all conveniences; new large barn,
sulphur And fruit houses and all the equip-
ments of a well ordered orchard; livestock,
poultry, farm Implements, etc.. included;
hciM on gentle slop*, commanding mag-
nificent views; one mlH from town, • K. R.
station and school.
LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — House of 6 rooms and bath. 2 fire-
places; every room with sun; price J^COO;
small payment down balance can remain In
monthly installments. I st.. between 17th
and ISth ave.. 1 block from park. Sunset
District, or Inquire room 1212. Call bidg.
$^900 — CORNER. 100x100. with cottage. 7 r
and b. ; st. graded and sewered: No. 290
Rlchland ave., $6500. 3 new flats. 5 r. ard b.
each; W»st ave.. off Mission: pay 13 per cen i
on Investment. D. Coffin. 252S Mission, nr.2L
WHY NOT BUILD
on that vacant lot of yours? We loan full
cost of Improvement;) and part lot at 6 per
cent: plans furnished if desired. See us
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bidg.
"" WHY NOT BUILD
on that vacant lot of yours? We loan full
cost of Improvements and part lot at fl per
cent: plena furnished If desired. See us
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bidg.
"~ ~~~ WHY NOT BUILD
on that vacant let of yours? We loan full
cost of improvements and part lot at 6 per
cent; plans furnished if desired: see us.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$2600— Cottage. 5 rooms; on 29th st.
$700 cash — 2 new flats: ISth st. ; ready to
plaster. Apply 3297 Mission st.
FOR sale — Nice cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
with high basement; cheap; 27» Jersey st..
near Noe. Inquire next door. 2S3.
: A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 23 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
$2100— MODERN cottage for sale. 330 Alvara-
do St.. between Hoffman ave. and Douglass.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
BEAI. ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo elec-
trie cars: 45 minutes from 5th and Market
sts.: outside the fog belt and Just beyond
where the 8. P. Co.'s bay shore "cnto2"
will join the main line: second subdivision
now being offered: 50-foot lots from $400 up;
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 dowa
snd $10 a month; sewer and water pipes la
front of every lot; pure artesian well water;
half the lots In subdivision No. 1 were sold
In -two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot In this desirable ruction on
easy terms: take the electric cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
8ELBT. RODGERS * CO..
Tel. Main 673. llfl California st.
FARM TOa BENT OB TOB. SAM.
TO rent — The Rowland farm. 450 acres good
land, well watered and fenced: also 40 head
of cows: VllI sell or rent; everything re-
quired to run a dairy farm. App?y In person
to R. E. ROWLAND. Orlnda Park, back of
Berkeley. . m . ..r*.
•'/'-;-. CHICKEN BANCHES.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope; size
to suit; easy terms: plenty water; fine fruit;'
call for details: sro and see Sunday. Owner,
713 Mill* building.
BEAL ESTATE— COTTNTBT — Por Said.
~ FOR SALE. "" "
$6500 — 5V» acres In the city limits of Peta-
luma; 4 acres fine orchard, all bearing; hard-
finish house of 5 rooms, bath and pantry;
hot and cold water: high basement; fine*
windmill and tank; water piped all over
rlac-; good barn; IS chicken- houses, brood-
ers and Incubators; 1000 chickens; 1 cow. 1
horse, buggy and wagon; 2 sets harness:
all farming tools; sandy loam; beautiful
view: no agents. Address P. O. box 448,
Petal lima, Cal.
CATTLE ranch. 1750 acres. Sonoma County
lying west of Skaggs Springs; Gualala River
runs through ranch: flno feed, sea twin*
timber and tanbark plentiful; numerous
fprings: 8 acres In fruit; 40 in grain: bouse
barn, corrals, chicken bouses, etc; grand
trout stream and deer plentiful; 3000 acres
-' fenced: price of the 1750 acres deeded land
$12,000. D. M. HANLON. 169 Crocker bidg!
DAIRY ranch for sale; cheap: 20 acres In al-
falfa on lrrlgatlon^dltcb: good Improvements-
10 head of milk cows. 40 tons of hay chick-
ens. - farm machinery, etc. ; l mile from
creamery; a snap If taken soon. J O
BENTZ. Lathrop. Cal. .
WANTED — Party with $5«X> for colonization
plan; exceptional proposition to make a for-
tune for a live business man; we have only
2 weeks' odion on the land. 8. F Credit
| Co.. 10 Tnrk st.
$4000 ONLY for a 1000-acre stock ranch In
Sonoma County; house, barn and plenty
of water; fine for hog raising, p C
LASSEN A CO.. 466 Tenth st.. Oak-
land. Cal. »
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERSt
Eend postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains In California. ' C. M. WOO8TER CO.
643 Market sC
BEAI. ESTATE— COTnTTBT— Tor Bal*.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W J WHITE
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
. EXCHANGES.
*10 per acre — 1700 acres. Sonoma County:
mostly rolling, flae alluvial soil: *5 acr»s
French prunes. 5 acres walnuts and apples;
vineyard; well fenced and cross- fenced ; cor-
rals; fine dwelling; gcod barns; packing house,
drying plarit; 40 cattl-. 6 horses. 30 hogs:
farm and cpring wagons, harne** tools: bark
mill, cost $1500; took $70C0 off place last sea-
son.
Offer wanted— Vineyard, near St. Helena:
-21 acres; 110 in best wine grapes; vines 4 to
10 years* old; 3-itory stone winery with tun-
nel, fully equipped with cooperage for 100.000
gallons and modem machinery; piped water
system frora ceaien: reservoirs; 8-room house:
summer cottage, hams, etc.: all land tillable;
wagon, horses tools Including maturing crop
of 300 tons of grapes, worth $5^00; $10,000
cash, balance on easy terms.
$90C0— In Manteca alfalfa district; 60 acres
candy loam oa main Irrigation canal; S3 acres
grand stand alfalfa produced ti toes an acre;
0 acres fruit and grapes; brick residence. I
rooms; new barn; windmill and tank; 1 mil*
of creamery ar.d railroad station.
$3500 — 5 miles of Santa Kosa and near sta-
tion; Russian Klver bottom; 23 acres; 3 acres
vineyard: new buildings: ft-room and bath cot-
tage; ccod barn; windmill and tank; poultry
houses: see this and if you want only part of
It will a «!l unimproved portion at *1CO p«r
acre; If yuu want to raise corn that will mak*
tr... Kangj* article '"side step" »ee some of our
homes on the Russian River.
$35C0— 17 acres In Green Valley, near S#-
bastopol. 4-room bouse, barn: spring water;
several acres berries; $1000 can renwln.
Thirteen acres rich valley land near Sono-
ma City; 9 acres fine grapes. 13 years old.
balance pears and assorted fruits; tais sea-
son's crop easy »TOO; no buildings: forc»J
talc: simply make an offer.
$1500— All level. 10 acres. 2 miles of Calii-
tcga; small orchard; good house and barn; 3
wells; near school
ALFALFA LAND.
$100 per acre — One mile cf Modesto: 5 acres
up: >* cash.
$50 per acre — 3 miles of Modesto; 20 acres)
up: t, cash.
$C0 per acre — Near Lodl. on the Woodbrtdge
canal
FINE DAIRIES IN HtTMBOLDT.
We have a large ll*t of completely equipped
dairies in the best section of Humboldt Co.;
20 acres up.
$25(H) — Fine summer resort In Sonoma Co. :
stage station and P. O. on place; 141 acre*
controlling 100O-aer» range: 8 acres bearing
ore!. ard: hay land: good house and 4 cottass*.
al! furnished: bath: dancing platform; bcrsea;
farming Implements; see this quick.
$850— 3 miles of Geyserville: 2H acre*; ft-
room hou?e, large barn. 2 good wells: rollrnr*
all In vineyard; oak trees: fine poultry farm.
$10CO — Only 3 miles of Santa Rosa: 10 acre*)
black loam; 1 mile town; $300 down: fine for
read house.
fsSOO — Close to Calistoga. 90 acTes: 4A level
productive loam soil: well fenced snd eross-
fenced; plenty fine water: fine prune orchard:
good house, barn and outbuildings. We have)
a large lint of desirable homes in this locality.
Let us drive you around.
$2CJ0 — North of Watsonvtlle; «5 acres. 8 acres.
full bearing apple?; S> In grain; fine berry pat-h;
40 acre* timber; Sowing stream; 9-room bouse;
large barn and granary; water piped to build-
Ings. We have a choice selection of fruit and
vicinity See a few.
$"000— Rich alluvial valley land, near Buena
Vista station: 13 acres In full bearing orchard
and vineyard; modern 7-room hcuse: new sta-
ble. windmill, tank house, drying plant: fann-
ing tools; horse: 750 chickens: 2 cows; tally
equipped for poultry; only $2iX)O down.
$AOO buys SO acres 1 mile of town; IS creek
bottom: house barn; orchard vines berries.
11300—4 acres rich Russian River bottom
land: half mile of Geyservllle. Sonoma Co.;
shade trees; house, barn outbuildings. W«
have at least 40 small orchards and vineyards
to offer In this fine section, where thi* quality
of the soil Is unsurpassed and farm mortgages
are practically unknown.
$25OA — At Hoplar.d; 42 acre*; 7 bearing vine-
yard; 8 hay and garden land; 2. bearing or-
chard: windmill, tank, tools; 100 laying hens;
half casb.
$17C0 — Only 9 miles jf San Jose, close to sta-
tion and town; 24 acres rolling land: 10 acres
bearing prunes and cherries; good 5-room cot-
tage; stable, poultry houses; 3 summer houses
for summer boarders; running water; close to
•'¦hooi. See this quick.
$4750 — On Guadalore Creek, south of Saa
Jose; 33 acres; 12 In full bearing orchard in
fln«- condition: balance gently sloping fine hay
land: fine creek: 25 magnificent oak trees; 4-
room cottage; good stable; fine income. We>
have a choice, list of small home* In Santt
C'ara County: pleased to drive you around
ami. »how them.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
$13.000 — 74 acres, about 3O Russian RtTer
bottom land; 32 acres fine bearing vineyard;
16- room house: gas In every room: 2 barns;
brick storehouse: cement reservoir; large win-
ery and distillery; half mile of town; would
sub-divide; fine Investment.
$2S50— 2V, acres in Petatuma; all bearing
fruit; new modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
e-foot basennnt; barn, horses and buggy: 9
poultry houses: brooder and brooder houses.
windmill and tank: water piped over place;
tools>: 6tO chicken*: photos here
$29r>0 — 34 acres near Watsonvllle; 20© apples:
6 acres fine potatoes; 2 acres timber: balanc*
grain: 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings.
$1800— Sonoma City: 4 acres rich dark loam:
all level; orchard; cozy cottage, cement cellar;
barn windmill and tank; 5 poultry nouses; feej
room: 240 hens. We handle all the choicest
property m this vicinity and will be pleased to
drive you around.
S12tr> — TO acres In Tine and fruit belt, near
Lodl: sandy loam: 5-room house and barn
$2300 — Near Santa Cruz. 60 acres rich al-
luvia! soil; 8 acres orchard, mostly apples- 10
acres grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-room
house, barn.
$2000 — Near Santa Crux. 12 acres; 2 la fruit;
house. 5 rooma; barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most diver-
tlfled printed list on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors .to
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st. room 8.
Progeny Exchanges a Specialty.
ESAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
00 ACRES in Nevada County. California; ex-
change for stock of goods. Box 2983. Call.
WANT to exchange building lots for a house
or. flats. Call 732 Lyon st.
PEOPOSAM^
MANUFACTURING .clothing — Depot Quarter-
master's Office. 3« New Montgomery St Saa
Francisco. Cal.. Sept. 12. 1904.— Sealed' pro-
posals, in triplicate, will be reccl"ed here un-
til 10 a. m.. October 12, 1904. fcr manufac-
turing and delivering to this department 3400
dress coats, new pattern as per standard
specifications and sample to be seen at this
depot. Information and blank proposals will
be furnished on application. Proposals must
be signed by bidder, enclosed in sealed en-
velopes and addressed to the undersigned,
marked "Proposals for clothing, to be opened
October 12. 1904." C. A. DEVOL. Major and
Quartermaster. Depot Quartermaster.
ALAMEDA ADVEET'S'irTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
NEW modern rottage 6 rooms, on a lot 50x
10S: nice location. 1530 Union St.. Alameda.
FRIHTVALE ADVERT'STS
TVUTT7AX.V BEAXi ESTATE. *. ' ..
1 HAVE a nice lot. good central location: i
am just starting a modern 5-room cottage,
high basement, etc. If you have $150 you
can own this plaee. Come and see me.
M. C. GIBSON (office open all day Sunday).
No. 1320 Frultvale ave.. next to Hth st.
$1*50— EASY terms, buys 7-room 2-story
dwelling, t, blook to cars: lot 38x120. 8AL£.
BURY St YOUNG. 972 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND APVERrS'MTa
OFFICE. 101» BROADWAY. .__¦
\ QAjTXAND HEAI. ESTATE.
FOR rale — Two new up-to-date) bungalow 8-
joom houses: large lot with barn: very
cheap. Inquire en premise*. «S3 Thirtieth
¦t.. on 1053 Broadvfsy. Oakland.
OAKLAND 7UJKA1SHX9 KOT7SX3.
•63 ONE of the most elegantly furnished
homes In Oakland; 8 rooms; i story; best
part of city; parties going East. J*AT <&
SON. PCS Broadway. Oakland.
OAtLAm) Jtooata.
1 2 OR 3 ro^ms furnlsffed for light houj«-~
'keeping: also a single room; hot and cold
water; bath, gas and telephone; cldse to S.
F. local and electric cars; rent reasonable.
P4rt Myrtle st.
OAJClUANTD_yUltN£TUJUB
TOO40RR0W the day for bargains In fwa|.
ture. H. Schelhaas. lltb St.. cor. store. Oakl&ad.
Continued on Pace Tea. .
BTPSICAI. INSTBTTME NTS— Continued.
A LIST OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS—
Chlckering, rosewood, perfect order; Chlck-
erlng. mahogany, good as new; Weber, ma-
hogany, good as new, three pedals; Vose,
walnut case, a snap: Sterling, oak case,
used ten months: Wlllard, used one year,
fine condition, easy payments — fully guaran-
teed; from $U'5 up.
BENJ. CURTAZ &. SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos; all makes in used Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St.; Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway: largest exclusive piano
house and only manufoteturers here.
SIMPLEX piano players, former price $250.
for $125, cash or installments, at 709 Mar-
ket St., second floor.
WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Bcott-Curtac Piano Co.. 500-62-94
Hayes st. ; tel. Fell 5761.
PIANO and piano player for sale, together or
separately; almost new. 723 Franklin st.
FINE upright piano cheap. 1323 Green St.;
call morning or after 6 p. m. ; no dealers.
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold: $135. 237 Geary at.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold en $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ fc CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PiIDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlrger. little used. Keeffe's. 288 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cnll. IC psres. Fent to any address In the
T'nitrd States nr Panada one year for $1.
OPPICES^AND^STOBES TO IiET.
ELEGANT offices: new Italian-American Bank
bidg.. SE. cor. Montgy. tc Sacto; light and
nunny. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgy.
FIRST floor. 32:H4xl20; 400 Market, with ele-
vator service: $75 per month. SCHLOSS
CROCKERY CO.
$30— STORE to rent; 22xS5; 2 large show win-
dows. 1919 Mission, near 16th; water free;
•basement.
FOR rent — Section of large loft; light and airy
L. MINK. 109 New Montgomery »t.. "th floor
A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with one-
half of face treated; I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smallpox pittings, etc.;
Restore lost contour.
If you Of sire a f reah. young: face, call or
write. MMK. GILL1NGHAM. 131 Powell »t.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp; at druggists' , hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.. 1338PolTt
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all drugrsiots for
over 20 >ears; price ROc. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN, 40 Turk St., S. F.
"REXRADIO" Sunday '¦publicly" healed the
sick in view <--f wondering audience; "total-
ly" deaf heard "whispers," disabled para-
lysed ran and leaped, etc.; public healing
dally. 2 & S; office hours 2-7. 7M3^i Market.
BEST on earth — Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured; Si.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 330 Grant av«.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or writa,
DR. Q. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and troue-ra at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor, 721 Market «t.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 30
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
MRS. HOLSHOUSER, 320 Starr King bidg. 121
Geary — Bust devel., electrolysis, massage.
SUITS to order en installments of II per week.
NEUHAUB CO.. the tailors. 723 Market st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vesta, for $14 73. Fred Wagner, 850 Market.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a. week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market st., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st.
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton, 3S9 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.38.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the world at 1810 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE sutt $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERAGE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggist*'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
FAJiMISTBT;^
BLACKMAN studied palmistry five years in
honpitals, morgues, prisons, among all classes,
before practicing professionally. 537 O'Far-
rell St.. 10 to 5.
PHYSICIANS A2TD SURGEONS. _
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to disrate* cf women.
BLOOD. Fkin and rertal dlres.se* a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073U Market ot.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 607 Geary «t.. near Leavenworth,
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
ease* cured by Chinese herbs. 7-JB-S Clay *t.
PATENTS. v:
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bidg.. K<2 Market it.
PU3CEASINO AGENCIES^
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent: coun-
try crder* a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. 3568 17th St.. San Franclsco.Tel.Capp 856.
ANDJWABEHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant ltSl.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCK-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of-
flce Poet and Powell »ts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden. Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. 540
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FillmorK st.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S nvws for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
lfi pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SE WTJfG MACH^EB^TO^gPPPMES.
DON'T think of buying a sewing machine until
you have seen the White Grand, which is
two complete machines In one. making both
the lock and automatic stitch. On exhibi-
tion at tha White Co.'s new retail office. »15
Market st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest .ates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
A NEW Horn*, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds. $3, $5. $S; guaranteed; where the
dolls swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds sewing machines rented, repaired;
low ratea. 2244 Mission St.. near Eighteenth.
pnOPElTP NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Nevada National
Bank of Ban Francisco — At a regular meet-
Ing of th* Board 'of Directors of this bank,
held October 4. 1904, a dividend for the
quarter year, ending September 30. 1904.'
was declared at the rate of seven (7) per
cent per annum. . payable on and after the
15th lnst. Transfer books will be closed
from the 10th to the 15th lnst., both days
Inclusive. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
San, Francisco, Oct. 4. 1004. ..- .
DIVIDEND notice — The i Giant Powder Com-
- pany. Con. A dividend. No. 70, of fifty cents
(50c) per share on the issued capital stock
of the company has been declared, payable
. at the office of the company, rooms 202, 204
' and 20b,' Hay ward bulldlne, San Francisco.
on October 10. 1904. Transfer books close
Oct. 3. 1904, at aooa. *C. C Qulnn, Secretary.
WANTS ir THrY ONLY KNOW WHAT YOU WANTNEW YORK, Oct. 9.— John F. Eck
berg to-day hanged himself at his
home in Evanston. and when his body
was discovered the suicide held a DiDe
between his teeth. The pipe was still
lighted and Eckberg had apparently
continued smoking as long as he could
draw his breath. He was an Inveterate
smoker and all indications are that he
went about the matter of self destruc
tion- methodically- and determined to
get what solace he -might out of the
disagreeable affair.
There was no evidence of a struggle
or that Eckberg had suffered when he
expired. He was* a native of Sweden
and had been out of work. He told
some friends that there was no room
for him in the world.
Suicide Enjoyed His Greatest Pleas
ure ii» Life Until the
Very Last.
SMOKED HIS PIPE EVEX
AS HE HANGED HEUSEIiF
Mrs. Justus Grecly Is Dead.
MARYSVILLE. Oct. 9. — Mrs. Jus
tus Greely, a native of Maine, aged
about 70 years, died at her home in
this city to-day. She was a sister of
N. D. Rideout. the well-known
banker. She leaves a fi on and daugh
ter.
Frank T. Green (owner) with George ' R.
Lang (contractor), architects McDougall Bros.
All work for a two-story and basement frame
building on NE corner of Devlsadsro and Fell
streets. E' 112:6 by N 25; $4000.
Ida H. Bourn and Maude E. C. B. Hayne
(ownoru) with Cook &. Young (contractors),
architects Button & Weeks — Repairs and alter
ations to a live-story and basement brick
building «>n NE line of Fremont street 183-4
NK of Market. SE 45:10 by NE 1.17:0- $3490 '
Henry Neumann (owner) with Olson " &
Benson (contractors), architect — All work
for a one-story and basement cottage on corner
of Geneva and Loulsburg streets, 32 by 103-6
$1900. '
John F. and Mary P. Fitzgerald (owners)
with J. V. Campbell 'contractor), archi
tect — All work for a one-story frame dwellins
on S line of H street. 107:6 W of Fourth ave
nue. W 25 by S 05. a L.: $2115.
Henry J. ond Auguste Pap<s (owners) with
A. A. Wesendunk (contractor and architect)
All work except lincrusta for a two-story and
basement frame building on E line of Sanchei
street. 28:6 N of Twenty-fifth. 23 by 100
$•1 * 50. MMMWSBWtffiMBwafcpBtii
Theodore Hilman (owner) with same con
tractor, architects same — All work except lin
crusta for a two-story and basement frame
building on N line of Twenty-fifth street, 100
E of Sanchez. E 25 by 114; $4450.
Mary E. Ragan (owner) with Bernard
Dreycr (contractor), architects Shea & Shea —
Alterations and additions to a frame residence
on E line of Lott street, 95 S of Halght, S 50.
E 39. NW 52. W 21:6; $2175.
Cal'a V." McMahon to Aria I. McMahon, lot
on N lln* of U street. 107:6 W of Thirty
seventh avenue, W 25 by N 100; $10.
Ada I. McMahon to Henry A. Beersman, lot
on N line of U street, 57:6 W of Thirty
seventh avenue, W 75 by N 100; $10.
John G. Hamill to Amelia M. Hamlll, lota
18 and 20. block 2. Academy Tract: $1.
S. Ducas Company to Arthur W. Potter, lot
on E line of Pomona street. 350 S of Bay View,
S 50 by E 100. lots 20 and 31, block B, Silver
Terrace: $10.
James and Mary McDermott to Charles
Nonncnmann. lot on W corner of Fourth ave
nue and M street. SW 111:6. NW 105. NW 68
NE 30. SE 141. block 82, Tide Lands; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Mary
J. Ednicndson, lot in Cemetery; $110.
Julius C. Rels to William F. Mathews, lot 2,
block 4, Rels Tract; grant. , •
Anna D. Jocst to John Hanna. lot on SW
line of Twenty-second avenue. 425 NW of J
street. NW 25 by SW 100. block 435, South
San Francisco Homestead; $10.
John Hanna to Hannah Hanna. same; gift.
Builders* Contracts.
on E line of Second avenue. 125 S of B street.
S 25 by E 120; $10.
Gecrge H. and Reuben W. Mastlck and
Frank Otis (trustee ertate of Lucretla and M.
AV. Mastlck) to McEwen Bros., lot on S line
of Q strtet, 52:6 W of Fourteenth avenue, S to
point 146:7 S of B street. E 13.S9 chains, NE
to Q street. W to beginning, outside land
blocks 1037. 1039. 1109. 1110, 1005 1036 1C38,
1040. 1108, 1111 to 1116: $10. • •
COIiUMBUS,O.,Oct. 9— Fire to-day in
the five-story building on North High
street, occupied by the Columbus Dry
Goods Company, caused an aggregate
loss estimated at $200,000.
Fire Causes Loss of $200,000.
Emllie A. and Philip J. Haver to Hermann
Gerken, lot on N line of Page street, 60 E of
Lyon, E 25 by N 100; $10.
John B. Kenny to Lydla A. Mosebach. lot
on SW line of Twentieth street and Treat
avenue, W 25 by S 110; $10.
Clara S. Myer to Olli'er D. Myer. undivided
;4 of lot on S line of Sixteenth street, 140 E
of Castro, S 130 by E 52; gift.
John S. and Mae G. McKee. Mackle E. and
Alice G. Carroll to Joseph A and Mathilda.
Van Nlel. lot - en E line of Dolores street
106:6 S of \Twenty-elghth, S 20 by E 100- $10
Frank Dsmartinl to John B. Demartini, lot
on N line of Twenty-ntnth street, 208 -7 E
of Dolores. 13 27:1 by N 114 and lands adja
cent; 510.
John B. Demartini to Frank Demartini, lot
on.N line of Twenty-ninth street. 181:6 E of
Dplores. E 27:1 by N 114 and lands adjacent;
Susan Pranty (wife of Owen) to Caroline "W
Kuhnle (wife of Daniel H.). lot on E line
of Church street. 104 S of Twenty-second, S 26
by E 123; $10.
Fredericka Plnnz to Planr Company, lot on
W line of San Jose avenue, 110 S of Twenty
fourth street. S 57:9 by W 168; also lot on
N line of Twcnty-secpnd street. 215 W cf
Valencia. W 65 by N 114: also lot on S lin*
of Geary street. 114:7 E of Jones, E 22:11 by
S7:G; also lot on NE line of Ritch street, 175
SK.of Folsom. SE 25. NW 23, SW 80; also
lot on N line of Twenty-second street, 432 -6 E
of Guerrero. E 22:6 by N 114; also lot on
W line of 50 vara 1041. 62:6 S of Geary street
S 25 by E 50; $10. . -.--",
, Rene do Tocqupville to Holmes Investment
Company, lot on SE corner of Bay and Dupont
street. E 183:4. 8 6S:9, W 91:8. 8 45:0, W
01:8. N 111:5; $2J>. .
Rosalie J. Colombat to Leo Bruck. lot on 3
line of Pine street. 177:6 E of Powell. E 40 by
S 6S:(i; $10. . *
Katherine Mattern *to Teodora Fravejra. lol
on N line of John street. 80 W of Powell .W
20 by.N 62:6; $10.
George A. and Ada M. Webster to William
H. Wolf, lot on SW corner of 80-vara 1247 and
N line of Chestnut street, N 137:6. by W 6S:9;
$5.
Annie A. Barton and Helen A. Dunlnir (and
as trustees) and William A. AldYlch to Robert
Dnlziel Sr.. lot on SE line of Mission street.
281:3 SW of First, SW 73:0 by SE 80; $112 -
125.
. Thomas and Kate Dunne to Julia Conroy,
lot on NW line of Rlnpold street, 175 NE of
Ninth, NE 25 by NW 75; $10.
Henry A. and Lome H. Whitley to John H.
Harder, lot on W line of Kentucky street. 358
S of Twenty-second. W 100. N 58. W- 01:6%.
NW to Tennessee. S 60:8. E 200. N 7: $10.
Margaret Bellman to William F. : and Hen^v
Rancke, lot on K line of. Tennessee street.
245:4 S of Twenty-second, E 100, S 20.67. E
100. S 25, W 101:8%. NW 05:6, N 50; $10.
Robert C. Gardner to Carrie Rockman, lot
E. J. and Janet Knickerbocker to Ella H
A nTv' m ° n NE corner of Willow street
an .Sit ,, Ncss ave «ue. N 50 by E. 136:6 Sit)
lot n a n ™ rn ° ld to CaJvln K - Knickerbocker.
ss-nfe^ and Buchanai
Georce H and Marie H. H. Pein to Harry
vv. Bernhelm, lot on SE corner of Pine and
"Webster streets. E 02:6 by S 100 $10
Joseph Brandenstein et al. to Charles J.
von tjjde. lot on S line of Vallejo street. 105
E of Pierce. E 30 by S 137:6 ?10
Thomas W.. Katherine A.. Christopher C.
oJ«- y A ' Klvers to Charles Rothschild, lot
S n «f by C w n iW? f ?fo aSe and DeVlsadero Btreets .
Frank H. Guntz to F. H. Muller. lot on N
line of Filbert street. 133:0 W of Broderick
W i^« N «}°7 :6 - W 09:2W - NW 30. E 124:4.
o 137:6; (10. $
SATURDAY. OCT. 8.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Then came the apology, which in its
pathos, wrung the hearts of the dele
gates present.
The climax to the excitinff scene
came when the venerable Bishop
stood before the assembled bishops
and deputies and, with his eyes filled
with tears, his head sunk upon his'
breast, expressed an humble apology
for "having used words which a
Bishop should not have allowed him
self to use." Bishop Tuttle said:
"There is a certain parish on the
Hudson where there are a hundred
communicants and, according to the
missionary report last year, they gave
not a dollar to missionary work. In
that parish there is a conspicuous
personage. If by the vote of American
citizens he should be elected chier
magistrate of our nation by God's
providence, he would find that when he
went to Washington and attempted to
steer tho ship of state through the
islands of the Far Orient, he would
find that this land of ours had a great
deal to do with the rest of the world
and would send back a parthian arrow
to that parish on the Hudson — that
there is a need of a generous gift to
the world of missions."
BOSTON, Oct. 9.— Politics was intro
duced into th. Episcopal general con
vention in a startling manner when
Bishop Daniel S. Tuttle of Missouri,
the venerable presiding Bishop, scored
Judge Alton Parker, the Democratic
Presidential candidate, and gave him
what manv delegates called "a slap in
the face."
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Venerable Missouri Prelate
Tells His People of Par
simony of the Candidate
BISHOP TUTTLE
SCORES PARKER
Another incident, related by Miss
Kirchner. told of a time when she and
McCrum were left in the house alone
together. It was on the Fourth of
July. McCrum had managed to induce
his wife and son to go awav. No
sooner . had they departed than Miss
Kirchner says he hugged and kissed
her anu forced his attentions upon her
in a most obnoxious manner. McCrum
vigorously, denied this.
Miss Kirchner was the hired girl in
the McCrum home, near Cherokee. Her
testimony was to the effect that Mc-
Crum had hugged and kissed her. She
said he came in from the field one day
in the afternoon about 2 o'clock,' while
Bhe was sweeping, and grabbed her
and embraced her, telling her that she
was a nice girl and kissed her. His
little boy entered the room and came to
her assistance. "I'll tell your wife on
you," she swears she said to him, but
he persuaded her not to tell.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Oct. 9.—Freder
ick Schmidt, a wealthy resident of Los
Angeles, has come out victor in the
suit brought by his son-in-law, J. H.
McCrum. demanding $15,000 damages
for the alienation of Mrs. McCrum's
affections. McCrum Is out both wife
and fortune because of his fondness for
the hired girl, as it was her testimony
that turned the jury in favor of the
defendant.
Miss Marv Klrchner. who had been
employed In the McCrum household,
went upon the stand yesterday after
noon and constituted the climax of
what has been a sensational trial in
the Federal Court of Sioux City. Mc-
Crum's wife had left him and McCrum
sued her father, Frederick Schmidt,
for $15,000, accusing him of alienating
her affections.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Had Asserted His Wife's
Affections Were Alienated
by Parent of Los Angeles
IS HIMSELF ACCUSED
Iowa Man's Charges Against
Father-in-Law Act as a
Boomerang and Come Back
WAS TOO FOND
OF HIRED GIRL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1904.
10
RAILWAY^TRAVE1>
v^-jys. Trains 1««t» »nd mn d««
/^Vrn^N. tomrrlT«at
UP&jjz3±l S AN FRANCISCO.
XjO^^^S/ rxwrr Pxror
Xj? \j£/ (Toot of Market Street.)
i.»at» -. MAIN LINE. -amttV
700a VacaTlIle. Winters, KumsRy.. 750*
7.00a Benlcla, Elmira and Sacramento.. 7.2Q;»
7 -30A Vallejo. Napn. Callstogm /Santa
Rosa. Martinez. Sao Ramon C.20*
7.30a Xlle«.Tr»<:y. Lutnrop. Stockton.... 7.2Q*
8.00A Shasta, Express— (Via DaTls).
William*. Willows, tKmto. Ked
Bluff. Portland. Tacotne, Seattle 7.50*
8 00a Tafia. Woodland. Kntzhta Landings
MarTST!!Ie.OroTllle 7.50>
8 30 a Fort Costa. Martinez. Anttoch.
Byron, Tracy. Stocktoa. Xew-
maa. Loa Banoa. Msndota, ,
Arraoni. Haaford. Vlaalta. \
mn Portenrllle 4.23»
830A Fort Costa, Modesto, Merced.
Fresno, Goaben Junction, Baa-
ford. Vlialla. Dakersdeld ... ... 4 53»
8 30 a Klles, Saa Jose. Llvermore. Stock*
ton, (+MU ton), lone. Sacramento.
M»ry»Ti:ie. Chlco. Red Blaff .... 4.20»
830 a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So
nora. Tnolnmne and AdkbIs 4>23»
9 00a Atlantic Express — Ogdea and East. 5 20 »
8 .30a Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations I 50»
1000A The Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Omsba, Chicago, Dearer, Kaassi
City, St. Louis S20»
IO.COa Vallejo 12.20*
10 00a Loa Angeles Pasaenger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton, Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Gosnen Juno-
tlon, Hanford, Lemoore, Vlsalla.
Bakersfleid. Los Angeles 7.2O*>
17.00m Ha; ward. Nllea and Way Stations. 3-20*
ti-OOP Sacramento River Seeamera fii.OO*
i-ZQf Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Kstghta Landing,
MaryiTllle, Oruvllle aad way
stations 1350*
S-SOp Hayward.NIlea and Way Stations.. 7-50»
4 COp Uartlnes.Saa Ramon, Vallejo, Naps,
Callstoga. Santa Roaa 9 20*
4 COP sues, Tracr. Stoctton. Lodl 10.20a
4.30P Bay ward. Klles. irTlngton, Sant tS.50*
_ _„ Jose. Llvermore | tii.50*
• OOP Tbe Owl Limited— Newmaa. Loa
Banos. Mendou. Fresno. Tu'irs,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 8.50a
tS 30p riayward, Ntlea and San Joie 720a
• COp Hay ward. Nllea and San Joie. 9 b£U
¦¦OOP Eastern Express— Omaha. Cblcairo,
Dearer. Kansaa City. St. Louis.
Martinez. Stocktoa. Sacramento^
Col fax. Reno. Sparks, Tonopab,
- -- Keeler. O«Uen 1250»
¦ .OOP Tallejo, dally, except Sunday I -. C| ,_
7-00P Vallejo, Sunday only f /B0 *
7-OOp Richmond, san Pablo. Port Coita,
Martinez and Way Slat ions 11.20*
105P?ort Coita, Martinez, Byroa,
Tracy, Lalarop. Modesto.
Meresd. Berenda. Freaoo aad
Way Stations beyoad Fort Cost* 12 20»
8-OSp Tosemlte Valley, via Bereada and
Wawooa (Monday. Wednesday
and Frldty) 8.50a
805pm arimrz, Tracy, Stockton 10.20a
t 08p Oregon * California Express— Sae-
ramenta, MarysTllle. Reddlog,
Portland. Puget Sound and Eait. 8.50*
8.10P Bay ward, Nlles and San Jose (Sas-
dayonly) 11 SOa
COAST LINE <iarrnw Usage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
0-16A Ke-wark. Centerville. Saa Jose.
Feltoa. Boulder Creek, Saata
Cms and Way Statlona 5 5S»
12.1 5p Sew irk. CenterTllle, San Joie,
Sew Almaden. Loa Oato*.Felton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Crm and
Principal Way Station! tiO 55a
4.1Bp Kewark. Saa Jose, Los Gatos... j *]£.§f£
•9-30P Hunters' Train (Saturday only)—
San Jose and Way Statical t7.25l»
COAST LINE <Uroa.l •.»»*e|.
tW~ ( t nlrd ap| Townsemi Streets.)
6-10a Ban Jose »nd Way Stations 8 30»
iOOA San Jose and Way Station! S40p
8 00a New Almaden (Tuei., Frld.. only). 4.10*
8X0ATbe Coaster— Saa Joie. 8sr.au.
San Ardo. Paso Roblea. Sant*
Margarita. Saa Lais Oblspo,
GuaUalupe, <.»v!ot». Santa Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura. Mon-
tr.: vo. Oxnard. Bur bank. Los
Angeles 1030»
BOOAGIIroy, HnliUter. CastroTllle. Del
Monte. Paclflc Grore, Surf. Lota-
poc 1030P
8.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnoi.Wationvllle.
Capltola. Sao'ta C'rnz. Pacific
Grove. Saltnaa. 8an Luta Oblspo
and KrlDrlpai W»t Stations. ... 4.10t>
10.30a 6an Jose and Way Stations 1 20t»
11 30a San Jose and Wiy Btatlona 7.30s
2-15p San Jose and Wit Stations 8 33*
2 fOPDel Monte Kxprcsa— Santa Clara,
San Jo*e, Wa t soitTt He, Santa
Cruz. Pel Monte, Monterey,
Vactflc GroTe 12-15»
13 OOP Los Gatoa. Wrljrht. Boulder Creek,
Santa Crnz. Tla Bants Clara and
>'arrow Guise t10-45A
8-ZOP Valencia St.. Sonth San Francisco,
Burltnyam*. San Jose. Gllroy.
nolllster, Trr» Plnos ig 45*
4.30p Pan Jose and Wiy Statlona ta 00*
t5X0P Santa Clara, San Jose. L01 Gatoa, " Uj *
an<l prtnelpal Way Station! (ex-
'''¦ m cept Sunday) tf-OOA
|5-30p SanJosesndPrlncIpulWayStattona 19 40*
6 48p finnsFt Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose.Gllroy.8aIlnas,I'aso Koblea,
6aa Lais Oblspo. Saata Barbara.
Los Anpel's. Dealing. El Paso.
St.Lonts, New Orleans, XewYork 9 10.
6.45pFaJaro. WatwjTlHe. Capitol a.
Santa Cruz. CaetroTtlle, Del
Monte, Padfle Grove 10 3fl»
1g.15P £auMaieo,Bereiford,Belmont.Saa ""
Carlo*. Itedwood, Fair Oaka.
MenloPark. Palo Alto t84S»
6 30pS«n Jo»e and Way Statlona ft Zol
8-COp Palo Alto snd Way Stations lo'laA
11.30pSoath6ajSj]°ranclsco,MmBrae.Bur-
Hngaine, San Matro, BelmosL
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo f ark. and Palo Alto tfllSa
•UMPlUrneld, Mocnuin view. Sunay- T1l * ap
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
B * nJo ' <> : t».48p
._ A tor Morning. y tor Afternooa.
1 Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only
?.Saturday only. t> Monday oaJr.
Jbtops at all atatloai ea Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlburon Perry — Foot of Market Street.
SAW PRASTCISCO TO SA35T BATAXL.
"WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 8:0O, ll:uo a, m.; lZ:iS.
3:30. 0:10. (1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trta
at ll:S0 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. o.; 1:30. 3:30.
8:00. 6:20. 11:30 v. m.
SAN BAFAZL TO SAS ntANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — tt:05. 7:35. 7:5O. »:2O. 11:14
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 6:0O, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trio at 2:05 and 8:55 p ra.
SUNDAYS — 8:0«). 9:40, 11:15 a. m.: l:4O. 340L
4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Oct. 2. 1904. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Hsun- I Week
Pays. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am 0:10am 8:40am
9:30am Igmaclo 10:40am 10:20ara
8:30pm 3:30pm ¦ 6:06pm 6:20pm>
6:10pm 5:00pm 7 :35pm 1
7:30am i 9:10am S:40am
8:00am Novato 10:40ana 10:20am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma 6:0flpm «:2upca
5:10pm 3:30pm and 7:35pm
5:00pm Santa Rosa
7:30am 10:40am 10:20an»
8:00am Fulton 7:35pm 8:20pra
8:30pm 3:30pm f
Windsor I I
T :30am 8:00am Heal isburs 10:40am 10:20an>
Lytton
8:30pm 3:30pm Geyserville 7:33pm 4:20pn»
Cloverdale
7:S0aml 8:00am| Hopland |10:40am|10-.20am
S :30pm I 3: 30pm | and Uklah | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
I I Wmita and I I
7:30am! 8 :00am f Sherwood | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
7:3Oam| 8 :00am I 110 :40am 110 :20am
3 :30pm! 3:3Opm[ Guemevllle | 7:33pm| 6:20pta
T:30am! 8:00am! Sonoma I 9:10am| 8:40am
8 :10pm ( 5:00pm| Glen Ellen [ 6:05pm| 6 :20pm
7:30am| 8:00am! |10:40am[10:2Oam
8:3Opm| 3:3Opm| Bebastopol | 7:3Spm[ 6:20pm
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skam
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon«-
: vtlle and Greenwood: at Honland for Duncaa
Sprtngi. Highland Springs. Xelseyrllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake Co. Hot Springs: at Uklaa
for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blu*
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Up-
per Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day 1 *.
Riverside. Llerly's. Buckneira. Sanhedrla
Heights, Hullvllle. OTr"B Hot Spring*. Halfway
House, Comptche. Hopkins, Mendocino City
Fort Bragg. Westpoit and Usa*: at Willits
fcr Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
Bra?g. Canto. Covelo. Laytonvtlle. Cum-
mlngs, BelVs Springs. ' Harris. Hubbard. Fruit-
land. Dyer. Garberville. Camp 5. Pepperwood.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAJT.
Oen. Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
It. Saa Fraaciaoa '^fflL Ar. Saa fraadxa "
9:50a \3gj|pgar 3:^ ? 2:35 ''
SaarfaTt 4:35p iCxtixn ll:12r
Mia Cmity Car It Tkaalpaft to na TaCsy
iJiSSS I 65 °M ARICKT ST^fNorth Shore Railroad)
8IJ.CX3 I and Sausauto Feuy, Foot M^rtt* Sc
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB TEAS*
E.OCHS FOX HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDyT~58— Nice front room for housekeep-
Ir.*.
tTDY 1254 — Sunny front furnished and un-
furnished housekeeping roome.
*-LGIN PARK. S4 — Unfurnished double par-
lors; regular kitchen; eunny: modern; adults.
FOURTEENTH. "06 — 3 eunny. furnished con-
necting housekeeping rooms; very desirable.
j.-GURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single roooms.
CKARY. 1223 — Completely furnished room for
houst- keeping; sunny bay window; bath; ma-
rine view; also 3-rvom cottage; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATU ave.. 370— Nicely furnished
Jront alcove connecting kitchen, complete for
housekeeping; ges and bath; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 439 — One furnished
roozn: ligfct house keeping-
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631— Nice «unny elngle
room fcr hcusekecnlntr.
HAYES. 407— Two furnished rooms for house-
keeping; complete; private.
HILL. 7— Two large sunny front connecting
rooms, unfurnished. 510; also 1 single front
ruosi furnished. $5.
HOWARD. 822—1 suite housekeeping rooms;
also single; gat and coal stoves.
JACKSON. 910—2 nice furnished artistlo
rooms, with use of kitchen.
JESSIE. 223 — Large sunny front room; closet,
gae ranse. water; S3 60 week; others.
JOICE. 14. nnr Pine and Powell — Two un- t
furnished' connecting rooms; sunny, modern
house; quirt family; no other roomers; house- ;
keepln* if desired. .
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen loo.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1840 Pine—
6unr:y furnished 3-room suites; steaLm heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rates reas.
LASKIE. 27, bet. 8th and flth, off Mission —
Furnished rooms for housekeeping, or single.
MATUELLE. 202 Grove, ccr. Van Ness — Sunny
furn. & unfurn. 2 and 3 room suites; single.
McALLlSTER. ior.6 — Upper sunny floor of 4
furnished rooms for housekeeping; will divide
rooms: (¦»<¦ and coal stove; bath and gas.
MISSION, 1150 — A nicely furnlebed flat of *
rooms, complete for housekeeping. _
OAK. 117— Complete for housekeeping, $3 to
tl2; gas rs^ge; hot bath; adults.
OAK, 407— f5 month; newly furnished; bath;
large room and quiet; single gentleman.
PORTOLA. 73, off Waller, bet- Stelner and
Plerct — Two eurmy rooms for housekeeping.
POWELL, 710 — Floor of 5 eunny furnished
rocms; fas range; adults; reasonable.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— Parlor floor. 5 elegantly
furrished, eunr.y. housekeeping rooms; piano.
EHOTWELL. €25 — Two eunny furnished rooms
for light housekeeping: bath.
SIXTEENTH. 3077. near Valencia— Two large
eunny consectlr.g roctns for housekeeping;
reasonable.
TAYLOR. 911— Furnished suite: folding bed,
gas rarge, water, $12 50; elngle room. $6.
ITT AH. 53S. near Eighteenth — Large basement,
eunny cottage for housekeeping; newly palnt-
ed: gas, sink, hot and cold water: cheap.
APARTarEirr souses.
ET. LOC1S. 1573 Jackson— Marine Ylew; 3-4-1
rooms: furn. cr unfur.; refs. TeL East 1350.
ROOMS TO IJST — fnm aad TJnfnrn.
A-BKUNSW1CK House. 148 Sixth St. — Rooms
2Sc to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1, (1 50 night;
(1 £0 to $19 week; house open all night.
BELMOXD House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances, 11-t) Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights: running water in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to 50c per night; SI 25 to J3 week.
BUSH, 1236— To let. furnished room, suitable
for gentleman.
DL*B<X*E, 235. between Guerrero and Dolores —
J12; four unfurnished rooms.
EDDT, 3 — Fine irore corner furnished rooms.
by day. w*ek or month.
EDDT, 432 — Nice single room In fine location;
very reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 1156. near Webster-
Large, front, sunny room with grate, gas,
use cf bath. $10; one room $7.
GRAND fknUhern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to $1 23 night: SI 00 to J<5 wk. ; reading-room.
HOWARD. 715— Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to SI day and $1 25 to S5 week.
HYDE. 50t»— Nicely furnished, large room;
closet, bath, phone; fine location.
JESSIE. east U. S. Mint— Large double
room. Jlu; tingle room. (6 mo.
JONES. 917 — Large and elngle sunny rooms;
running water.
MARKET. :04» (The Falmouth)— Sunny
rcoma; hot. cold water, elevator.
MASON. 514. near Sutter — Sunny rooms, suite
or single; modern; reasonable.
MAPON. f.14 — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms
e.n<J suites: ir.olern.
MASON. .'.14, near gutter — Sunny rooms, suite
or single; modern: reasonable.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St.— fOO
clnxle and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
i'J to S8 per week; the only new svnd modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and coll
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to Its guests.
MISSION. 2479 — Sunny front room; regular
¦ kitchen; back porch; wasbtube; phone; warm
belt.
OFARRELL. 571— To let. new furnished
rooms at $7, S3 and $12 a room per month.
O'FARRELL, 625— Nicely furnished single
rooms; tunny; S5, f7, $S.
PINE, 417"-j — Four nicely furnished rooms;
also 4 unfurnished; good location.
PAGE. 1776 — 3 unfurnished rooms and bath.
PINE. 1743 — Hsindsomely furnished rooms In
private family; board if desired; references.
POST. S€2 — Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; gas. bath, phone, modern; IS.
POWELL. 216, bet- O'Farrell and Geary—
Large >unr.y rooms, 92 per week and up.
ROYAL HOUEE.126 Ellis — Incandescent lights;
reeClng-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 55c to $1 CO; week. $2
to SS; month, IS to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 145 — Sunny front room, suitable
for one cr two gentlemen; reasonable.
EHRADER. 1038— Newly furnished room; two
blocks from Park.
ST. REGIS, Hyde and Ellis— New house; new
furnishings; fresh and clean; hot and cold
r.ater; baths: everything sanitary; elevator
service; If eunshine and cleanliness is u
object see th<>se rooms; $3 per week up.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SER-
VICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TAYLOR. 410 — For two neat men room, with
or without board.
THE Larchmont. 361 Sutter — New brick bldg..
finely furnished: hot, cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 50 to $5 per week.
THIRTEENTH, 220. near Howard— Large eun-
ny front room: newly furnished; lovely sur-
roundings; suitable 1 or 2 gentlemen ;.private.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room: free bus; baggage.
WALLER. 6C1 — Large furnished room; large
closrt; use of kitchen. Phone Page 1750.
WARREN AIT., cor. Post and Jones — Ele-
cantly furnished suite: steam heat; phone;
»;.£ and electric lights: bath; elevator; de-
cidedly up to date, and tor gentlemen only;
references.
WEBSTER. 1632. near Sutter— Nicely fur-
nlsbed. sunny front room; new flat; gentle-
man.
WELSH. Z?.Vi. between Bryant and Brannan —
?S 50; three eunay room*.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd st.. near Market— '
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
sr,? to 81 50 nlrht; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elee. lights; reading-room; fr*e bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice
furaiFhed rooms from 15c per night up.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
C&li branch office, cor. Duncan and Church eta.
AUCTION SALES
£& £» £*
100 Horses for Sale
J. V. BUTTON will sell at PUBLIC AUC-
TION, ONE HUNDRED HORSES. or° k ( «™
and unbroken, weighing from 100O to 15OJ
pounds. This is the third and last consign-
ment of the double square horses which will
be offered at auction this season and are the
best all-purpose horses ever offered for tale
on this market.
Sale Takes Place MONDAY, Oct. 10
At J. B. HORAN'S SALESYARD,
Cor. TENTH and BRYANT STS.
Horses can be aeea at yards any day preTt-
oua to sale.
£s\ fe fe
Complete Dispersal Sale
OF
OCCIDENTAL
HORSE EXCHANGE,
246 THIRD STREET.
Everything to be sold to the highest bidder,
without reserve: 50 head of Horses. Harnesses,
Saddles. Buggies. Robes. Blankets. Office Fix-
tures, 500 Chairs, lease and good will, both of
stable and pavilion. The latter the finest sal*
mart west of Chicago; locality unsurpassed.
Sale take* place next
TUESDAT OCTOBER 1L 1904
Commencing at 11 o'clock.
Inspection solicited Sunday and -Monday.
• OCCIDENTAL STABLE3.
AUCTION SALE
7 5- -HORSES- -7 5
By order of O. B. Little of Dtx>n^ Solano
County. Cal.. we will sell 75 MARES and
GELDINGS, four to eight yeara old, weighing
from luOO to 1300 pounds. About one-third of
this lot have been handled, part of them have
been thoroughly broken. These horses are
heavy-boned, close built and blocky and show
much better breeding than the average horse
brought to the auction ring. The owner being
: In very poor health and not able to attend to
his business, is forced to close them out.
Sale takes place
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 18. 1904.
at 11 a. ra.. at
J. B. HORAN'S SALES TARDS. TENTH
AND BRTANT STS. San Francisco, Cal.
Horses at yard Wednesday, October 12.
HORD &. SMITH. Auctioneers.
£* £* £»
AUCTION SALE
By order of proprietor of the Willow Livery
Stable, on Mission st., , between Seventeenth
and Eichteenth. I will sell at public auction
the entire contents of stable, consisting of 73
rood work, driving and business horses. 10O
different styles of vehicles, such as business,
top and rubber tire buggies, all kinds of surreys,
wagonettes, 4-seaters, 3-seaters, carts, light
and express and grocery wagons, 80 sets of
single and double harness, whips, robes, blan-
kets, barn fixtures and everything that goes
to make up a first-class livery stable; this
stock is In good working condition, so any
one desirin.* a good horse or vehicle will do
well to wait for this closing out sale, as every-
thing must Dositlvely be sold; no reserve or
limit: parties retiring from business. Sale
FRIDAT, OCT. 14, 11 a. m. WM. CLOUGH.
Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE.
COLUMBUS BUGGY COMPANY OF CALI-
FORNIA.
1323 and 1325" MARKET ST.
MONDAY, October 10, at 2 p. m.,
I will sell for the account of the Columbus
Buggy Company of California all of the bug-
gies, carriages, carts, whips, robes, blankets,
extra wheels, shafts, poles, buggy seats, trim-
mings, etc.
This sale Is made to clean up the balance of
the stock of the Columbus Buggy Company of
California. JOHN J. DOTLE. Auctioneer.
£^ £a> £»
AUCTION SALE of hcrses, wagons, buggies,
harness. WEDNESDAY. October 12. at 11 a.
m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH
STREET. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. %
/-
W^^ CA^ORNIA j|
ggUMITED TO CHICACOE
i LEAVES MONDAYS end THURSDAYS g|
Hat O::tO a. m., thronsflx In 3 aays.B
13 with diner aad all trapping-*. H
Other Santa 7a Trains i
1:52 ?* "'I tor Stockton. Fresno. BakersfWd.
8:00 p. ra.j Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. ra. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicaco.
TICKET OFriCEST-641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. P. Al«o 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. CaL 37 South First St,
San Jose.
(PP^gpI|| To SAN RAFAEL.
jSS^S^SSai ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, a t t7:03.
7.45 S:25, 8:10. 9:60. 11:00 a. m. : 1:45. 3^15
4 : .35. 6:15. 6:50. 0:30. 7:13. »:00 and U.-J3
at San Francisco, dally. « ffl^o
7-35 8:15. »=50 "9:33. 10:50 a. ra.; l :3 0. 2:55
iiM. 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and lio^
p m.
tDally exceDt Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m.; also Sat-
urdays at 3:15- p. m.. and daily except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only— For Cazadero!
etc.
5:15 p. m.. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales. etc
TICKET OFFICE — C50 Market St.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot ef Market at.
BOOMS AOTBOABP. ,
GOLDEN GATE ave., 103L near Jefferson
Park— Furnished rooms: bath: private house;
good board: J22: two. $35 per month.
HAWTHORNE. 18 off Howard, near Third —
Board and room; American family; $4 50 per
week.
O'FARRELL. 653— Suits" and single sunny
rooms; good home cooking; German family.
Tel. Larkln 3C70.
SMALL room, reasonable; gentleman preferred;
trood board near by; references exchanged.
Box 2514. Call office.
ELLIS, 453 — Nice furnished rooms, with best
French table board; reas. and best location.
ELLIS. 1174— Double room with flrst-clasa
home board; two young men; $20 each. .
EDDY. 765 — Room and board. _
EDDT. 112S. opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furs,
eunny rooms; table board: reas.: new manag.
FRANKLIN, 1518 — Sunny furnished rooms,
with board; private family; phone; bath.
GREENWICH, 914— Sunny room, with or with-
out board.
HOWARD, 841A — First-class board and room.
glngie or double. $5-»8 wk.; American family.
JONES. 1310 — Furnished room; excellent board;
marine view.
O'FARRELL, 1280— Nice neat furnished room,
board If desired; modern, nice, refined place.
ROOM and board for refined wcrklngmen. 974A
Howard et.
SANCHEZ. 1S41 — Front sunny room. with
board and use of -bath; private family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex.
P07 California — See rooms, learn prices, try tabU
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents— The Weekly Call,
19 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
BOOMS AUTO BOABD yA5TZS.
SUN'XT room by lady $15 to~S2o7~Poweir.
Van Ness, Market, Pine. Box 27CS, Call.
STOP DRZIffKINCK
GUARANTEED cure: rend tOc; tablet form
mailed In olaln package; has cured vhou-
tands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bide. S. F.
35£Z5:
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness.. Phone East 282.
SOCIAI..
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here; a chance to make merry; cozy dance
hall and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardens, Ocean Beach terminal of electric
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211,
Mulrhead building. Market and Larkln sts.
TO I.EASE.
BUILDINGS TO LEASE.
A — Market, 117 — 5-story and basement brick;
size of each floor, 43x137:6; will give 5-year
leaee to crood tenant. Apply to SPECK &
CO.. S09 Montgomery ft.
TTPEWBITES3 AMTJ SUPPLIES.
AX exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
¦Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 836 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. W)S Market.
FOR eale — New Century: good condition; cash
only; can be seen at 15 Mason st.
IiEQAIi NOTICES.
CHAPTER CCXL
AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF STATE BONDS TO CRE-
ATE A FUND FOR THE CONSTRUCTION
BY THE BOARD OF STATE HARBOK
COMMISSIONERS OF A SEAWALL AND
APPURTENANCES IN THE CITY AND
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO: TO CRE-
ATE A SINKING FUND FOR THE PAY-
MENT OF SAID BONDS: AND PROVIDING
FOR THE SUBMISSION OF THIS ACT
TO A VOTE OF THE PEOPLE.
[Approved March 20. 1903.]
The people of the State 'of California, repre- '
•ented In senate and assembly, do
enact as follows:
Section L For tbe purpose of providing a
fund for the payment of the Indebtedness here-
by authorized to be Incurred by the board of
etate harbor commissioners for the erection of
a seawall and appurtenances In the city and
county of San Francisco, at a cost not to exceed
two million dollars (which eaid seawall and
appurtenances the board of state harbor com-
missioners are hereby empowered to construct
in the manner authorized by law, and at a
cost not to exceed said two million dollars), tbe
state treasurer shall. Immediately after the
Issuance of the proclamation of the governor,
provided ior in section ten hereof, prepare two
thousand suitable bonds of the State of Cali-
fornia, in the denomination of one thousand
dollars each. The whole issue of said bonds
chall not exceed the sum of two million dollars,
and said bonds shall bear Interest at the rate
of four per centum per annum, from the
time of the sale thereof, and both principal
and Interest shall be payable in gold coin
of the present standard of value, and they
chall be payable at the office of the state
treasurer, at the expiration of nineteen yeara
from tbeir date, subject, however, to re-
demption by lot as In this act hereinafter
provided. Said bonds shall bear date, the
second day of January. A. D. nineteen hundred
and five, and shall be made payable on tha
tecond day of January, nineteen hundred and
twenty-four A. D. The interest accruing on
such of eald bonds as are sold shall be due
and payable at the office of the said state
treasurer on tbe second day of January, and
on the second day of July, of each year after
tbe tale of the same; provided, that the first
payment of Interest shall be made on the
fcecond day of January, A. D. nineteen hun-
dred and six. on so many of said bonds as
may have been theretofore At the ex-
piration of nineteen years ¦.•orn the date of
said bonds, all bonds sold fchall cease to bear
Interest, and, likewise, all bonds redeemed by
lot shall cease to bear interest as In this
act provided, and tbe said state treasurer shall
call in. forthwith pay, and cancel the same,
out of the moneys in the San Francisco seawall
einking fund provided for in this act. and
he shall on the first Monday of January, nine-
teen hundred and twenty-four, also cancel and
destroy all bonds not theretofore sold. Ail
bonds Issued thall be signed by the governor,
and countersigned by the controller, • and shall
be endorsed by the state treasurer, and each
ehall have the teal of the state stamped
thereon. Each bond shall contain a cl&uae
that It is subject to redemption by lot after
the year 1914.
Sec. 2. Interest coupons shall be attached
to each of said bonds, so that such coupons
may be removed without Injury to or mutila-
tion of the bond. Said coupons shall be con-
secutively numbered, and ohall be signed by
the state treasurer. But no interest on any
of caid bonds £hall be paid for any time which
may Intervene between the date of any jf
eald bonds and tbe Issue and sale thereof to
a purchaser. . -
Sec, 3. The sum of one thousand dollars is
hereby appropriated to pay the expense lhat
may be Incurred by the state treasurer in
having said bonds prepared. Said amount shall
be paid out of the San Francisco harbor im-
provement fund en controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose.
Sec. 4. When the bonds authorized to be
Issued under this act shall be duly executed,
they thall be by the state treasurer sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
in cuch parcels and numbers as said treasurer
Ehall be directed by the governor of the state,
under the seal thereof, after a resolution re-
questing such sale shall have been adopted by
the board of state harbor commissioners; but
said treasurer must reject any and all bids
for said bonds, or for any of them, which
chall be below the i>ar value of said bondj
to offered; and he may, by public announce-
ment at the place and time fixed for the
sale, continue tuch sale, as to the whole of
the bonds offered, or any part thereof offered,
to such time and place as be may select.
Due notice of tbe time and place of sale
of all bonds must be given by said treas-
urer by publication in two newspapers pub-
lished in tbe city and county of San Fran-
<.lfco, and also by publication In one news-
paper published tn the city of Oakland, and
by publication In one newspaper published in
the city of Los Angeles, and by publication
In one newspaper published In the city of
Sacramento, once a week during four week»
prior to such sale. The costs of such pub-
lication shall be paid out of the San Fran-
cisco harbor improvement fund, on controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose. The
proceeds of the sale of such bonds shall be
forthwith paid over by said treasurer Into tho
treasury, and must be by him kept In a sep-
arate fund, to be known and designated as
the "San Francisco Seawall Fund" and must
be used exclusively for the construction of
•eawalls and appurtenances thereto on the
water front of. the city and county of San
Francisco. Drafts and warrants upon Eald
fend bhall be drawn upon and shall be paid
out of said fund in the same manner aa
drafts and warrants are drawn upon and paid
out of tbe San Francisco harbor Improvement '
fund.
Sec 5. For the payment of the principal
and Interest of said bonds a sinking fund to b«
known and designated as the "San Francisco
Seawall Sinking Fund" shall be and the taaw
Is hereby created, as follows: The state treas-
urer thall. on the first day of each and every
month after the sale of said bjjnds. take from
the San Francisco harbor improvement fund
cuch sum as. multiplied by* tha time tbe bonds
then sold and outstanding have to run will
equal the principal cf the bonds sold and out-
standing at tha time said treasurer shall so take '
said sum from said San . Francisco harbor im-
provement fund, less the amount theretofore
taken therefrom for said purpose; and he khall
place the nurn In the San Francisco seawall
sinking fund created by this act. . Said state
treasurer shall, on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that mirnose. employ the moneys in
caid sinking fund in the purchase of bonds of
tbe United States, or of tbe State of California,
or of the several counties or municipalities of
the State of California, which said bonds shall
be kept In a proper receptacle, approprl-
IiSQAE gOTICES— Contlnned.
ately labeled; but he muet keep always on
hand a sufficient amount of money In said
sinking fund with which to pay the inter-
est on such of the state bonds herein pro-
vided to be Issued as may have theretofore
been sold". And to provide means for. th»
payment of Interest on the bonds that may
be sold and outstanding, said treasurer shall
monthly take from the San Francisco harbor
Improvement fund, and pay into Bald seawall
einking fund, an amount equal to the monthly
Interest then due on all bonds then sold, de-
livered and outstanding. The board of state
harbor commissioners are hereby authorized and
directed by the collection of dockage, tolls,
rents, wharfage and cranage, to collect a sum
of money sufficient for the purposes of this
act, over and above the amount limited by
section two thousand five hundred and twenty-
elx of the Political Code of the State of
California. Between the first and the tenth
day of November, in the year nineteen hun-
dred and fourteen, and between the first and
the tenth day of November of each year there-
after until tbe maturity of said bonds, the
said treasurer shall. An the presence of the
governor, proceed to draw by lot such an
amount of bonds as shall be requisite to
exhaust as nearly as may be the amount In
said sinking fund at that time, and shall
thereupon and before tbe tenth day of De-
cember following give notloe by public ad-
vertisement to be Inserted twice a week for
two weeks In two newspapers published in
the city and county of San Francisco, and also
in one newspaper published In the city of Oak-
land, and also In one newspaper published in
the city of Los Angeles, and also In one
newspaper published In tbe city of Sacra-
mento, stating tbe number of bonds so drawn
and that the principal of said bonds will be
paid on presentation to the treasurer on or
before the second day of January, following,
end that from and after such last named
date all Interest upon bonds thus drawn shall
cease, and It shall be the duty of the treas-
urer as soon as said bonds so drawn by lot
are surrendered to him and p&ld to cancel
the same and the interest coupons thereon.
r. nd each year beginning with the year 1914
the skid treasurer shall, in the manner afore-
said, proceed to draw by lot such an amount
of bonds ar shall be requisite to exhaust as
nearly as may be the amount in said sinking
fuuu, and proceed In the manner hereinabove
stated. Alitr the payment of nil of said bonds.
the surplus or balance remaining in said sink-
Ing fund, if any there be. ahall forthwith be
ria.ltl into the San Francisco harbor Improve-
ment fund. At the time of the respective draw-
ings by lot as aloreeaid, and also at the ma-
turity of eaid state bonds, said treasurer shall
cell the United States or other bo:id» then in
said sinking fund, at governing market rate*,
after advertising the sale thereof in the man-
ner hereinbefore provided for the sale of bonds
hereby authorized to be issued, and ahall us*
the proceed* for the payment of such bonds as
may be drawn by lot. and at the maturity of
Eaid bonds outstanding shall pay and redeem
said matured outstanding bonds out of aald
moneys In said fund in extinguishment of said
bonds on controller's warrants- duly draw's
for that purpose.
Sec. 6. The state controller and tbe state
treasurer shall keep full and particular account
and record of all their proceedings under thia
act. and they shall transmit to the governor
an abstract of all such proceedings thereunder,
with an annual report, to be by the governor
laid before the legislature biennially; and all
books and papers pertaining to the matter
provided for tn this act shall at all 4lmes be
open to the inepectlon of any party interested,
or the governor, or the attorney general, or
a committee of either branch of the legislature,
or a joint committee of both, or any citizen
cf the state.
Sec 7. It shall be the duty of the state
treasurer to pay the Interest of said bonds,
when the same falls du«. out of the sinking fund
provided for In this act, on controller's war-
rants duly drawn for that purpose.
Sec. 8. This act. If adopted by the people,
¦hall take effect on the thirty-first day of De-
cember. A. D. nineteen hundred and four, as
to all its provisions except those relating to and
necessary for its submission to the people,
and for returning, canvassing, and proclaim-
ing the votes, and as to said ezcepted pro-
visions this act shall take effect immediately.
Sec. 9. This act shall be submitted to the
people of the State of California for their
ratification at the next general election, . to be
holden In the month of November, A. D.
nineteen hundred and four; and all ballots
at said election shall have printed thereon,
and at the end thereof, the words "For the
San Francisco Seawall Act." and In a sep-
arate line under the same the words "Against
the San Francisco Seawall Act." and opposite
said lines there shall be left spaces In which
the voters may make or Htamp a- cross to
Indicate whether they vote for or against the
eaid act, and those voting for said act shall
do so by placing a crocs opposite the words
"For the San Francisco Seawall Act," and all
those voting against the said act shall do so
by placing a cross opposite the words "Against
the San Francisco Seawall Act." The gov-
ernor of this state shall include the submis-
sion of this act to the people, as aforesaid, in
his proclamation calling for said general elec-
tion.
Sec. 10. The votes cast for or against this
act shall be connted, returned and canvassed
and declared In the same manner and subject
to the same rules as votes cast for state
officers: and If It appear that eald act shall
have received a majority of all the votes cast
for and against It at such election, as aforesaid,
then the same shall have effect aa herein-
before provided, and shall be- lrrepealable
until tbe principal and interest of the liabil-
ities herein created shall be paid and dis-
charged, and the governor shall make procla-
mation thereof: but if a majority of the votes
cast as aforesaid are against this act, then
the same shall be and become void.
Sec. 11. This act may be known and cited
as the "San Francisco Seawall Act."
Sec. 12. All acts and parts of acts In
conflict with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed.
CUSTOM-HOUSE. San Francisco. Sept. SO. I
1904 — Notice: Certain goods remaining one |
year in bonded warehouse will be sold at
public auction at the United States Ap-
praiser's store on the 26th of October. 19C4.
at 10 o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues
can be had at the Custom- House on October
19. 1904 or at the time and place of eale.
\V. . B. HAMILTON. Special Deputy Col-
lector.
STTDTTTEKiyO AgP^STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and Market,
cures; eetab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BOKX.
PETERSEN— In this city. October 7, 1904. to
the wife of Sophus Peterson, a son.
ECHAPIRO— In this city, October 4. 1904. to
the wife of B. Schapiro. a daughter.
DIJ£JX
Akergren. Agathon Kankkunen. George
Bassett, Joseph F. Killilea, Beatrice M.
Batterton. Sadie J. Kruse. Mary
Burns, Julia Lane. Lawrence
Colley, Moses H. Lobree, Ellas y
Cook Tootsy McCarthy. Philip J.
Clyne. Patrick Menzel. Frances
Cuneo. Hlppoiyte Moss, Hannah
Geghen Edward Powers, James J.
HaUing. Ive r M. Scully. Paul Arthur
Holtmeier, Henry Simmonds, Veronica
Kalning (infant) Stcckfleth. Peter O.
AKERGREN— In this city. October 8, 1904, |
Agathon. beloved husband of Julia Aker-
gren. aged 38 years and 11 months.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at &:SQ a. m.. from his late real- j
dence. 45 Sharon street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem mass will j
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at !
9, a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. !
BASSETT— In Oakland. October 9. 1904, I
Joseph Francis, dearly beloved son of Laura :
J. and the late Joseph Francis Bassett. and
loving brother of L. Helene and Margaret
E. Bassett, a native of Oakland, aged 15 ,
years 9 months and 20 days. |
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral on i
Tuesday morning, October 11. at 9:30 a. m., :
at the Church of the Immaculate Conception, j
corner of Eighth and Jefferson streets. Oak- I
land, where mass will be celebrated for I
the repose of his soul. Interment private. [
Please omit flowers. :
BATTERTON— In this city. October 7. 1904, j
Sadie J. M.. beloved daughter of William H. !
and the late Margaret (Castle) Batterton, j
and loving sister of William H.. Elsie. James
and John Batterton. Mrs. E. Cordero, Mrs. j
W. Kuster and Mrs. E. Laymet. a native of
Colma, San Mateo County, aged 26 years 7 '
months and 15 days. ¦
E3"FrlcndB and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late rest- .'
dence. 572 Ivy avenue, thence to Sacred |
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass i
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, >
commencing . at 9 a. m. Interment Holy j
Cross Cemetery. - __, ¦ !
BURNS— In this city. October 8, 1904. Julia, !
beloved wife of John D. Bums, and mother j
of the late John Burns, and sister of Ellen I
Hallisey. a native of County Cork, Ireland,,:
aged 27 years.
ICT-Frlends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. tn.. from her late resi-
dence 212 Broadway, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a requiem high mass will be':
celebrated .for the repose of her soul, com- i
raenclng at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross i
Cemetery.
CLYNE— In this city. October 0, 1904, Patrick,
beloved husband of Delia Clyne. and brother :
of Mrs. Mary McCroskey. Dr. A. M. Mos-
grove and Bartley Clyne. • :
E7"I"he funeral will take place on Tuesday i
morning, at 10 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLLEY — In this city. October 9." 1904, ' Moses
H.. dearly beloved husband ' of Harriet E.
Colley^ and father of Fred A. . Colley. a na-
tive of Maine, aged 82 years and 3 days.
COOK— In this city, October 9, 1904, Tootsy
Cook, dearly beloved and youngest daughter
of Charles and Annie Cook, and sister of \
Willie. Mamie and Charles Cook Jr., a na-
tive of Vallejo, CaoT aged 1 years and 8
days.
CUNEO— In this city. October 8. 1804. Hlp-
poiyte Cuneo. dearly beloved husband or
Julia A, Cuneo. and father of Bva. Blanche.
Albert. Ruby. Edith and Hazel Cuneo and
Mrs. A. D. Layne, and brother of M. Cuneo,
Mrs. A. K. Walton and Mrs. J. Ancel. a
native of Calaveras County, Cal.. aged 42
years 4 months and 24 days.
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. October 10, 19O4, at 1 p. *&•, at
his late residence. 504 Clement avenue, cor-
ner of Sixth avenue, Richmond district, in-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GEGHEN — In this city October 8, 1904. Ed-
ward, beloved husband of Agnes Geghen,
and loving father of Gertrude. Agnes. Oli-
vette Edward Lloyd and Robert Geghen, a
native of Athlone, County Roscommon. Ire-
land, aged 30 years 3 months and 23 days.
inXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171
Miesion street, between 8eventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his aoul at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HALSING— In this city. October 8. 1904. Iyer
M.. beloved husband of Alice Halslng. and
father of Grant and Alice Viola Halslng. a
native of Norway, aged 54 years » months
and 1 day.
HOLTMEIER— In this city, October 7, 1904.
Henry, beloved husband of Ellsa Holtmeier,
and father of H. L. and Thoma* L. Holt-
meier and Mrs. M. Russell, a native of
Prussia. Germany aged 75 year*.
CTThe funeral will take place Tuesday,
October 11. at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2310 Union street. Interment private.
KALNING— In this city, October 8. 1904,
Infant daughter of August and Kate Kal-
ning, a native of San Francisco.
KANKKUNEN— In this city, October 8. 1004,
George John beloved and only child of John
and Lambl Kankkunen. a native of Finland,
aged 2 years 8 months and 11 days.
KILLILEA— In this city. October 9. 19M,
•Beatrice Mary dearly beloved daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Killllea . and loving
sister of Carrie and Willie Killllea. a native
of San Francisco.
KRUSE— In this city, October 8. 1004, Mary,
beloved wife of Ernest Kruse and mother
of Sarah. Isabel. Ernest and Helena Kruse,
a native of New Jersey, aged 36 years 3
months and 8 days.
[ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday) at 2 p. m.. from the family resi-
dence, 821 Montcalm street, between Tomasa
and Holladay. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
LANE— In thta city October 0. 1904. at his
residence. 1376 O'Farrell street, , Lawrence,
beloved husband of Julia Lane, and de-
voted father of Francis, John H. and Law-
rence J. Lane, a native of County Limerick,
Ireland, aged 52 years.
LOBREE — In this city. October 6. 1904, Ellas,
dearly beloved husband of Celia Lobree,
father of Floyd Lobree. son of David Lo-
bree, and brother of Mrs. M. Aronson. Mrs.
Frank Mordecal and Deborah. Aaron, Lucien,
Victor and Judith Lobree. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 23 years 6 months and 11 days.
(Ukiah papers please copy.)
ETFuneral services Monday. October 10,
1904. at 9:30 a. in., at his father's resi-
dence, 4111 Seventeenth street. Pleaae omit
flqwers. Interment strictly private. Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city. October 8, 1904,
Philip J. McCarthy, beloved brother of Cor-
nelius J., Robert J. and the late Dennis
McCarthy, and loving uncle of John E.,
Philip C. Robert D.. Alice C. William D.,
Dennis E.. Ella R. and the late Bessie and
Thomas McCarthy, a native of Boston,
Man., aged f>3 years 11 months and 23 days.
(Los Angeles papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a., m., from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem high mass will b;
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MENZEL— In this city. October 9. 1904. at her
residence, 3157 Mission street. Frances
Menzel. beloved wife of Emll Menzel, and
mother of Clifford. Norma. Leonard, Emll,
Myrtle, Esther and Hazel Menzel, a native of
Germany, aged 31 years S months and 8
day;.
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the chapel of C. H. J. Truman & Co.,
1309 Mission street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth.
MOSS — In this city. October 9, 1904, Hannah
Moss, beloved daughter of Joseph Moss and
the late Phoebe Moss, and sister of Mrs.
Alfred Davis and Isaac, Ralph and David
Moss, a native of San Francisco, aged 29
years (5 months and 29 days. (New York
paper3 please copy.)
CTFuneral thia day (Monday), at 2 p. m.,
from her late residence, 1421 Golden Gat*
avenue. Interment strictly private. Hills of
Eternity Cemetery.
POWERS— In this" city October 9 1904, James
J.. beloved husband of Agnes Powers and
brother of Michael Powers of New York
and brother-in-law cf Robert J. Jonee a
native of Kildare, Ireland, aged 42 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
E^Remalns at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
SCULLY— In this city. October 5 1904 Paul
Arthur, dearly beloved son of " M C and
Annie Scully, a native of Park City Utah,
aged 11 years 1 month and 22 days. (Seattle.
Butte. Mont., and Park City papers please
tLTFrI«vnd» and acquainta/nces are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8 a. m., from St. Ignatluj
• m'J: • w , h ? re a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his aoul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
6IMM0NDS— In this city. October 9 1904
Veronica, dearly beloved daughter of
Richard and Sarah Simmonds. and sister of
Bennett Richard and Bernlce Simmonds, a
"9 da- Francisco, aged 6 months an 1
. iP'^' rlend s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday October 11, at 10 a. m.. at the resU
dence of her parents, 2710 Twentieth street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
STOCPLETH-In this city. October 8 1904
««h °A J' el e ved husband of Annie Stock-
"" h ' a . nd '«her of George H.. Mary L. a nd
sfnokfl ,h StOC £ neth ' and br °ther of William
n»t?vJ ? ? « " d ~ Mrs - Ca therine Schultz a
momns^rg d F ay. nCl6C0 ' 51 yea » 10HIGHLANDERS AND CHAMPIONS READY
TO STRUGGLE FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP
Hits and Ragged Fielding Let Four
teen Runs Come In. \
STANDING OF THK CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast 'League.)
W.UPct. -W.L.Pot.
Tacoma .....43 2« .623 Oakland '....33 35 .485
Los Angelea..3fi 29.547 San Fran 30 37.448
Seattle .:.... 87 84 .821 Portland ....28 43.377
PORTLAND, Oct. ».— Two Slwash
pitchers were: smashed fall {over the i lot
BROWNS HAVE THEIR REVENGE.
Legless Man Slashes Bully.
REDDING, Oct. 9:— rA. Ryan, a
bartender, unemployed , at present,
mistreated "Shorty" .Campbell, a leg
loss piano player, this afternoon/ until
Campbell, in desperation, T-t slashed
Ryan with a pocket-knife, laving open
his cheek for four* inches.*" TJampbell
says he aimed at Ryan's throat, but
struck too high. . .
¦ The baseball games between San
Francisco and Oakland, which were
to have been played yesterday i at
Idora Park/ Oakland, in th« ; morning
and at ' Recreation Park,- San Fran
cisco, in ¦ the ! afternoon, were " post
poned on account of wet grounds. '
Two Ball Games Postponed.
The real struggle for the October
fight ¦ permit may be waged . to-day
before the Board of Supervisors. Mor
ris Levy : of the . Hayes Valley Athletic
Club is hot on the" trail of the^coveted
piece of paper; and thinks; he has a
good chance to. secure it
Manager Coffroth of the' Shasta
Club spoke, confidently of his ability
to , promote , the fight . here when the
Gans-Brltt I articles - were - siened. He
is in the -best position: of all the pro
moters, as he has the boxers.. The
other managers must look for a match
if they, secure ' the permit. .
Jimmy Britt has decided to train
at the Seal Rock House, on the ocean
beach. ; ¦, He , ,will : have no difficulty
making: • the ' ; required - -weight r and be
lleves the invigorating salt air will be
good for hlm.^^WBMmHMMBBMttg^
Lively Struggle ; Is Expected Before
the Supervisors When Rival Clubs
Put in Their Claims.
MANAGERS ARE STRIVING
;, FOR THE OCTOBER PERMIT
Two passengers were treated at the
Emergency Hospital yesterday for
slight injuries inflicted by street cars.
Afstat Covalia of 314 Fourth atreet
w"as knocked down at the Junction of
McAllister and Jones streets by a
westbound car of the McAllister
street line, and received abrased and
lacerated wounds of the head and
face. Covalia had stepped off an in
bound car. when the one going in the
opposite direction hit. him. Mrs. H.
A. McPhall, who with . her husband
was getting off a Market-street car at
Powell, fell, cutting tfer head.
Passensers Injured by Cars.
Keefe Performs • Like a . Champion,
. , While Newton Gets His. ;
TACOMA, Oct. !. 9^— Keefe had the
Loo, Loos on the jump trying to hit
his curves today, but they never had
a chance. The Tigers drove Newton
to the' woods in four innings, after
three runs were\ made. Keefe hit
safely in the third and Newton jug
gled Doyle's bunt. Sheehan advanced
both with a sacrifice. ; Casey flew out.
Eagan singled and Lynch hit for two
sacks scoring two. The third run was
tallied -by Keefe,. whose bunt Spies
fumbled. He took second on. an out,;
scoring on Sheehan's double. Bernard
struck out twice and for showing his
temper was removed from the game.
Eagar succeeded him and was the only
man to reach third ; base, getting a
life .on "- Eagran's error and advancing
on outs. Two fast, doubles held the
Angels safely. Casey,' Hogan, Keefe,
Flood; and Cravath „ did nice fielding.
One of the • largest crowds .of the sea
son witnessed the contest. Score:
. Tacoma- — * Log Angeles— '
A.B. R. H, P.A. .. A.B. /R.H ; PA
Doyle, rf 3 1 .0 1 0 Bernrd.cf 2=0 0 l' o
Sheen,3b 3 0 1 12 Eager.cf 2 0.010
Cai»ey,2b 4 0 0 2 4 Flood,2b 4 0 0 2 1
'Eagan, -.a 4 0 2 3 4 Smlth,3b 4 0.2 3 0
Lynch.cf ,4 0 '- 1 1 0 Cravat.rf 4 0 0 4 0
McLsh.lf 2 0 0 1 OBrash.lb 4 0 25 0
Grahm.c -4* 0 1. 6 .OToman.s 3 ; 0 0 2 1
Hogan, lb 4 0.3 11, 1 Ross, If 3 • 0 0 1 = O
¦ Keefe.p. 3 . 2 M 11 Spies, c % 3 % 0 1 v 4 t
Newtn.p ' 2 O 1 "1 2
Tptals.31 3 9 27 12 Hall, p. 1 0 002
v Totals. 32 .'0.6 24 7
RUNS AND HITS BY^ INNINGS.
Tacoma ...:.... 0 0 2 10 0 0 0 x— 3
Base hits ... ..0, 1 3 2 0 1 1 1 x — 9
Los Angeles .... 0 0 0 0.0000 0— 0
Base hits ....'. 11 1 10 0 0 1 1— «
¦.¦.: ' - . SUMMARY.- :
¦ Errors— Newton, Spie*. tEa^an. Struck out—
ANGELS NEVER /REACH PLATE
Bam f Cr«™ Ce ~" PretensiOn# Anne Davls »
race — Jjastlg, Martin, Ixnbo-
Condltion of the track— Fast,
First race — Violin, Eduardo, Mell
wood. "
Second race — Felix Mouses,' -Tom
Roue. Sweet Xote. - -
Third race — Xoivcta, Tangible, Bird
hlSSS h rac<wKfn * Hose. Mafalda,
MXMAH SELECTION'S
. hiitf race, one mile and twenty yarde, eell
it:s—Amorous 105. Bird wood 105. Nowet* 105.
MJ&t U«l ;<i5. Ray 10.'.. Oudenarde 1O5. Jake
J» «te io.i. Second Mate loa, Hook-Se-Oka 100,
n.U* 100, Tangible lOO. Sabj* 100.
? ViiP JC 8^- eU furlong*, handicap— Mal
rtW K*. Gay Litette IOC. Kafalda 104, Ktn*
!->'Stf 1O0. Frank Collins B4.
Fifth race, cne mile and twenty yards, pant
-Flora VVillouKhby 1O4, Fam: Crate KM, Pre
n«nn 9 ( . Anne Davis 07. Extol 05
i.l 1^ rac «. ine and a elxt^enth m'ilea. eell-
V«»~ru m:1 f 10 J' **" Eon 102 - «- S'nionlan
;*¦.* >f , r 3 "°- *-««!* 100. Drummond 09, Mar
f' ¦' ' -"borten »T. FVrcnia 95.. Athena 92.
I^rr.on Gjri 84. Jollier M.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 9. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at St. Louis fol
low;
First race, five arid a- half furlongs, purse—
George T 103, Dave Stahl 103, Mellwood 103,
Anaabf-lle I> : e I<i3. Drcmio 103, Kduaruo 103,
Cattonc? lit:!, Trfxie White loo, Oljie Burnett
100. Violin 100.
Jjeccnd rax*. »ix , furlongs, purse — Felix
Mozzes 110. Tom Kowe U7, Sweet Note 104,
Lady Charts 104. Iteirponsive 104, Tom Man-
Kin* i<h. Turrando 104, St. Paris 103. Kiowa
« hi-r lye.. Tender Crest 100. Lookaway 85,
tSasayer «J5. •
First race —Ben Mora, Burning
Gl;t». The 1'og.
Second race^ —Arab, Little Wally,
liarkflmore.
s Third race —Copperfield, Mad Mul
lali, FVontenac.
Fourth race—Big Ben, Ananias,
I*rinee Silvernings.
Fifth race—Aggie Lewis, D. L.
Moore, O'Hagen.
Sixth race —Lady Wilmot, Exalted,
Lochinvar. i
Condition of the track —Fast.
? ¦ ¦¦ '•'."¦,
DELMAR ENTRIES.
WORTH SELECTIONS
The Emerald Gaelic- football team
had an easy time with the Thistle-
Independent team of the California
Association yesterday at the Presidio
grounds. The game was played under
the Gaelic rules, thus giving the for
mer men the advantage. The final
score was 9 to 3. The Emeralds
scored 1 goal and 6 points. The as
sociation men rolled up but 3 points.
Barrett, at goal for the Emeralds,
played a great game and prevented
his opponents from scoring many a
point. Ryan and Shaughnessy, at for
wards, also performed in good form.
For the association men, Taylor, the
captain and forward, was the star.
The teams were made up of the fol
lowing players:
Emeralds — Finn, Barrett, Scanlon,
Barry. Cudahy, Shaughnessy, Murphy,
O'Brien, O'Connor, McGuire, Ryan
and J. Barry. (
Thistle - Independents — Gobdlet,
Armstrong, Jones, Belmont, Guscroft,
Lloyd. Glarner, Turner, Matthison,
Taylor, Lydon. Ellis, E. Pay, P. Pay
and F. Fay.
Rival Football Teams Play Under
Gaelic ; Rules. Which Gives "the
Sons of Erin Advantage.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9. — Tom Wil
liams, after his ride in the match race
with Sydney Paget, at Morris Park
yesterday, was the victim of much
good-natured chaffing. Mr." Williams
was not only nearly dismounted, when
his horse shied at the start, but, after
he came loping in fifteen lengths be
hind Paget, Williams was completely
tired out and wind-broken. The Cali
fornian has a theory that race horses
are set too arduous a task in their
early days; that if they were not
trained until well into maturity the
species - would ultimately be largely
benefited.
Paget, who is also a practical horse
man, holds opposite views. In the
management .of horses under his care
Mr. /Paget has not hesitated to put
such of them as were suited to it in
active training early in their two
year-old form. Men naturally bet on
their opinions, and the match at Mor
ris Park was the result. Williams^was
unlucky in having chosen a horse
which- was ''trackwise." . This, ' to
gether with his lack of practice,
helped to contribute to his defeat. .
His Mount Shies at the Start and
Calif ornian Racing Magnate Is
• Nearly Dismounted.
HORSEMEN HAVE FUX
WITH THOMAS H. WILLIAMS
EMERALDS SCORE HANDILY
AGAINST ASSOCIATION' MEX
Errors— R. Hall (4), Marnhall (2), Runkle
™ ) V, Boyl t/ 2) ; Del «*>* n 'y. Frisk Blankenshlp.
Mohler. Stanley, Drennan, Holland. Stolen
bases — Mohler, Nadeau, . Drennen (2) Starkell
Bases on balls— Off C. Hall 3, off' Boyle 1.
Struck out — By C. Hall 1. by Boyle 3 Left on
bases — Portland 4, Seattle 7. Double play
Hall to Mohl-er to "Williams. Hit by pitched
ball— Mohler- (2), McCreedle. Passed balls-
Stanley 2, Blankenshlp 3» Tlm« of game— One
hour and thirty-five minutes. Umpire — Davis.
Portland 0 0 0 0 1 0 2 2 x— 14
Base hits 0 0 0 4 10 0 3 x— 8
Settle. 0 1 1 0 2 0,-0 0 0—4
Base hits 0 0 1 0 2 1 0 0 0 4
SUMMARY.
>-ji 1 , Totals 33" 4 4 24 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. H. F.A- AB. R H P A
Drnen.cf 4 2 13 0 Van H.cf 4 0 111
McCi e.rf 3 3 1 2 0 Moh!r.2b 2 2 0 5 4
Nadau.H 4 2 12 0|Blnknp.c 4 0 12 3
Mrshll.3bB 1 2 2 2 Frisk. If. 4 0 0 10
Hllnd.lb 4 1 1 13 2Delah..U S 10 8 1
Rckfld.2b 3 3-0.1 lSmlth.rf. 4 0 0 10
Rnkle.sa 5 1 0 1 3iR.Hall,R9 4 0 12 5
Stanley.c 4 0 1 2 1 Wllms.lb 4 0 0 8 0
Btarkell.p4 1 1 1 c|c.HaH >P ; 2 1 11 0
Tota 1S 5i » 1 27 li! 801 ' 10 ' 1 '" 1 1 ° '¦ • °
this afternoon and -the fans, celebrated
the victory of Portland by 14 to 4. In
the fourth the Seattl-eltes hit the real
slippery slide. McCreedie was hit by
Hall, who also Issued a pass to Nadeau.
Marshall singled, Holland walked and
was helped around -by a passed ball.
Rockenfeld walked. Runkle and Stan
ley flew out.
Starkell and Drennan sineled and
runs- continued to* pour in. McCreedie
again singled. Nedeau hit to left fleld
and Frisk, after a long run. 'drooped
the ball. Marshall hit to Manager Hall,
who let it pass; and Nadeau scored his
second run of the inning. Holland flew
out to R. Hall and the inninj? closed
with nine runs. Seattle started the
scoring in the second by a combination
of bungles by the'fielders. Score:
Portland— Seattle—
Great Attendance
> is Expected at ,
Struggle.
CHICAGO, Oct. 9. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Worth track fol
low:
First race, fix furloass. selling — Mary Mc-
CiJCerty HL, AUbert lui. Girdle luo, Benmora.
it«i, Marslialsea llo, Tani O'Shanter 110, Fed
<:a.l llo, lil'o llo. Jim Hale 110, Burning
Giasjs 112. Hartley 113, CJaueua 113. The Fo«c
i ::;. < )rteo 1X4. ....
Second race, one and a sixteenth raiks, eell
i^-e — Arab ML Langford James tto. Royal Arms
'-•"', L:u!e WaUy Mi, Armorer »S, Chanterelle
VJ, Royal Pirate «3, Iiabnnta Vi. Louisville
K«. King* Court JiH. Jingler 104, Jove 107,
Barton JOT, liarkelmure 107.
Third race, six furlongs, purse — Allista 101,
General Steward 101, Florence Fonso 104. Miss
Anthony 104. \V. J. Deboe 107, Louise Elstoa
107, Reckoner lo", Frontenac Io7 Mad Mullah
i>.% (iood Ch«t:r 109, Magistrate 112, Copper-
BeW 112.
Fourth race, cne mile, handicap — Columbia
Tiri '¦"<. King Eiifworth 95, Ethylene 9». AhoU
¦•". Jan* Holly loo. iiankin 87, Huzzah lt'2.
}¦'¦ ¦!•>!•¦ S;iv«rrivtngs 10-'t. Ananias 100. Gloriosa.
H2 Big Ben 11£». <Rankin and Huzzah. Arthur
entry: Gioriosa and Big Ben, Ournell entry.)
Fifth race, one and a Sixteenth miles, eeli
ii>t — Holland M S*3, Hanta Luna IK>, BllvJt
n.eade 93. Aft:- Lewis «7, Frivol 9l>, Sarllla
'.<•¦>. O'Haeen S», D. L. Moore, lol, Glenwood
HC. Carat H*. Trepan 104, Benson Caldwell
1«MI, Santa Teresa Io4.
Sixth rac*>. five and a half furlonga, purse —
Ilav.ana 102, Regale 102. J. B. Smith 105,
l>undall loX, nowr.patrick 105, Colonel Rup
i*rt 105. Judge Faufley 103. Lochinvar lt>5.
tl'UTkUnz lf.7. Kate Zitt 1<»7, Smithy Kane
:<i7, Ludy Wilmut 107. Freebooter 110, Bonnie
Vrince Charlie 110, Ivan the Terrible llo. Ex
alted 110.
I ir<t race — Emergency, Major Pel-
Iiaui, Lshlana.
Second raee-r-Bella Sicnora, Rai
ment, Floralia.
Third rat-c — Alau-a-I>aIe. Jocund,
The Lady Rohesia. ...
Fourth race — N'avajo, Kunjamack,
Oliver Cromwell.
Fifth race — Castaliaa. Collector
Jessup. Thoinas entry.
Sixth racr — Africander, First Ma
son. 3Iajor Dainscrfleld.
Condition of track fas>t.
« f
WORTH ENTRIES.
MORRIS PARK SEIiECTIOXS.
RENOWNED BOSTON PITCHER
WHO HAS STARRED FOR MORE
THAN TWENTY YEARS.
A regatta for power-boats was set
down to take place yesterday on the
schedule of* the San Francisco Yacht
Club. The launches and motor-boats,
however, differ so greatly in dimen
sions and speed that the regatta com
mittee found it almost an impossible
task- to get up a satisfactory race, and
the event was declared off. Even if
this had- not been done, the water off
Sausalito was so rough yesterday
morning that the race would have
been called off for that reason. A
strong southwesterly wind created
quite a commotion among the yachts
lying at anchor.
Hillzer Deuprey's little sloop Mary
Anne broke from her moorings and
was carried into the corner made by
the southerly side of the clubrlouse
and the seawall. A line was made
fast to her and she was pulled toward
the southerly float, but she filled and
sank.
The schooner Martha left her moor
ings at Sausalito at 4 o'clock on
Friday afternoon for Vallejo, and
returned about .11 a. m. yester
day, under jib and mainsail. The
schooners Chispa and Challenge
left Sausalito on Saturday afternoon
for a cruise in the upper bay. Chispa
picked up her moorings at about 2
p. m. and Challenge at about 4:15
p. m. yesterday afternoon.
About 2 p. m. yesterday the wind
moderated, and the sloop Ariel hoist
ed sail for a cruise in the upper bay.'
The flagship Challenger and the sloop
Curlew also got under way, sailing
out to the. channel. They returned in
good season. .
H. R. SImpkins' yawl Tramontana
has gone out of "commission.
The keel sloop Emilie, formerly
owned by Frank Baker of the Corin-*
thian Yacht Club, and. sailed during
the past two seasons by Frank A.
Bartlett, has been bought by Morrison
F. Plxley, whose name has been pro
posed for membership in the Tiburon
Club.
Sloop Mary Anne Founders Off Sau
salito Clubhouse; — Power-boat
Regatta Is Declared Off.
ROUGH WEATHER KEEPS
YACHTS AT ANCHORAGE
By Keefe fl by Newton 1, by Hall 3. Bases
on balls — Off Newton 2. Two-baie hits — Lynch,
Brashear, Sheehan. Sacrifice hits — Doyle,
Sheehan, Keefe. Stolen base — Newton. Left
on bases — Tacoma 8, Los Angeles 5. Double
plays — Casey to Eagan to Hogan, Eagan to
Hogan. Hits — Off Keefe 6, off Newton 6, - off
Hall 3. Innings pitched — By Keefe 9, by New
ton 4, by Hall 4. Time of game — 1 hour 35
minutes. Umpire — Brown.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 9.— Cincinnati won both
games from St. LouU to-day, shutting out tha
home team In each ¦ event. .The second game
was shortened to seven innings by agreement
Attendance 14.000. Scores: ¦• -
First game — i; R. H. ' E.
St. Louis • -. 0 6 . 1
Cincinnati V. 3 11 l
Batteries — McKinley and Zearfoss; Walker
and Schlei. UmDir« — Zlmmer. . ' • •
Second game— . • R. H. , E.
St. Louis 0 1 ...0
Cincinnati 1 4 , 0
Batteries — McFarland and Grady; Hahn and
Schlei. ITmriire — Zlmmer. -
CHICAGO, Oct. 9. — The last game of the
season went to Pittsburg. Attendance 8500.
Chicago 1 3 - • 3
Plttsburir .....;.......' 2 5 ' 0
' Batteries — Brown and Kllng; Robertaflle and
Phelps. Umpire — Emslie. -
(AMERICAN LEAGUE.)
CHICAGO, Oct. 9. — Chicago won both of the
closing games of the season to-day. In the
first Chicago found Slever eaay, batting him
all over the field, and won without trouble.
Pelty and Smith put up a fine pitchers' bat
tle, but the former lost out by hitting a bat
ter with the bases full and forcing in the
winning run. Attendance 10,000.' Scores: .-.
First game — ; ; \ % R. H. E.
Chicago 6 ti 2
St. Louis 2 6 3
Batteries — Altrock and Sullivan; Slever and
Kahoe.
Second game — R. H. E.
Chicago 1 4 o
St. Louis 0 3 0
Batteries — Smith and Heydon; .Pelty and
Kahoe. . •*
T (NATIONAL LEAGUE.)
The issue will be settled with the
first game if Boston wins. If Boston'
loses the second game will decide. - It
is easy to predict there will be some
thing approaching excitement in that
second game "if New York manages to
capture the first. Never before has a
pennant been the subject of contention
right up to the last game- The Na
tional League closed its season yester
day.
Two of the greatest pitchers that
ever trod the green diamond will match
their cunning, speed and cleverness
when time is called for the first game.
These men are Cy Young, the dean of
American slab artists, and Jack Ches
bro, the former pride of Pittsburg and
the sensation of Gotham this year.
. Young blanked the Highlanders yes
terday on the Boston grounds, the
Champions winning the game by' the
hair raising score of l.to 0. The Bos
ton fans think he can do it again to
morrow, but he will be in a foreign
box and facing a howling mob of fans
who would stop at nothing in order to
see the Highlanders wtn that game.
If Young gets away with j this strug
gle he will be the most talked about
man in America for a few days at least.
Young is unquestionably the most
wonderful pitcher the game has ever
produced. For more than twenty years
this giant has starred In the fastest
kind of company and to-day he is as
effective as he was when he started out
a young man full of hope and ambl-^
tion. Ten years ago he was known as
a veteran, but since that time he has
triumphed in many a great diamond
battle and has succeeded in gaining
fame and fortune.
Chesbro Is also a remarkable pitcher.
He did much to win the pennant for
Pittsburg in 1901 and 1902. His per-'
formances gained him a place on the
New York American League team in'
1903. That year was a bad one for
him, but at the beginning of the pres
ent season he succeeded in getting into
form once again and at the present
time he heads the list of slabsters in
the American League.
If New York wins the first game the
knowing ones concede them the flag,
for then they will be inspired with a
vast amount of confidence and playing
on their own battle grounds, they will
fight as they never fought before. If
Boston wins the initial struggle the
pennant is theirs and the dream of
Clark Griffith will be shattered. There
fore the first contest is the important
one of the day and the most important
in the history of the great national
fame. _
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(American League.) (National League.)
W. L. Pet. • - W. L. Pet.
Boston .... 94 58 -61S New York. .106 47.603
New York.. 91 58 .«J11 Chicago ... 93 CO .608
Chicago ... 89 65 .&7S Cincinnati.. fc8 65 .57t5
Cleveland... 86 65 .570 Pittsburgh . 88 67.573
Philadelphia SO 69 .537 St. Louis... 75 79.487
St. Louis... 65 87.427 Brooklyn.... 56 97 .363
Detroit 62 »0 .412 Boston 55 97 .359
Washington 37 112 .248 Philadelphia 52 100 .336
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— Clark Griffith's
Highlanders must win both baseball
games from Boston in the double-head
er at American League Park to-mor
row in order to land the American
League pennant. Griffith and his men
were hopeful to-night of beating Bos
ton twice, but the most faithful fans
were dubious in view of the great ball
the Beaneaters are playing at the close
of the season. It is the Highlanders'
last chance to-morrow afternoon and
a great crowd will go out to watch the
final round in the most sensational
baseball race in history.
Sixth race, one and . three-sixteenth miles,
handicap— First Mason 126. Africander 121,
Ormonde" 3 Right 112, Major Daingerfield 110.
Palm bearer 2W, James F OS, Proceeds D2, Mid
stijiran 'JO, Sir Lynnewood 89, Stonewall 88.
Vncas 1U4. Auditor lltf, Rosetint 106, Graceful
100. Wotan SC. liace King U5, N«?w York 93,
A<Jics BS. (Lady Amelia, and Reliable, Thomas
entry; Lacy Vncas and Adios, Watt entry.)
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs of
Withers mile, maiden two-year-old colts —
Ii' rs5tx>urae 112. Cedarstrome 112, Yeoman 112,
Kunjamack 112, Navajo 112, Only One 112.
Oliver Cromwtrll 112. Oro 112. Fra Fillipo 112.
Ftttit race, Wostchester highweight handi
cap, six and a half furlongs of Withers mile —
lit-iianle 13*5. Lady Amelia 130, Leonidas 125.
Collector Jessup 120, Castaliaa 10(3, Lady
Socoad race, Sve and a half furlongs of
Kclij-B*.- co'.irse, fillies, two-year-old maidens
Flora :u loa. My Buela 109, Apple Blossom
I >!«. Mjrppta 1CJ, Lucy Young 10H Hyacinth
IQ», Ken 109, Cameo 109, Marie M 109, Bella
Siraora 10*». Raiment 109, Sunray 109. Revel
KO. tKicralia and My Buela, Patet entry-)
Third race. Withers mile, three-year-olds and
u.' — AlsJi-a-DaJe 112, Jocund 107. Orthodox 107
The Lady Iiohcsia 104. Adnutha 104, Palm
».ra.rtr 104, Damon 100. Dimple 07, Sir Lynne
wood 90. Charter 92. Thistle Heather U2,
(Thtetla Heather and Damon, Potter entry.)
K7. Blue and Oranst BS, Memphis »1, Ishlana
M. Kcticent tsj. Emergency tss, Gansevoort 68.
ISruj-ywick S7. Ascttic
First ra-et. c}r furlongs. Withers mile, s«ll
i"6—Ast&rita 112, Damon 111, Young Henry
116. Major Pelham 110, Old England 107. Con
sideration l«l. t-hipphane 101. Rawhide 100.
lUght and True W. Goranium 38, King Pepper
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— Large fields
showing a lot of class will start to
morrow at Morris Park. First Mason
and Africander will meet in the one
and three-sixteenth miles handicap.
The entries: .
MORRIS PARK EXTRICS.
Pretty Polly Is the three -year-old
asa.ir.Pt which American sportsmen
wished to match August Belmont's
Beldame. Pretty Polly won every race
;n which che started up to yesterday.
She has hardly been extended in any of
her races.
Young and Chesbro
Will Battle on
Slab.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot —
H. B. Baker 25, F. Schohay 57, Captain H.
Sohllchtmann 43. W. Goetjen 14. Corporal H.
Marzolf f.7. Sergeant C. /Andrews 58, J. Bebl
mer 45, Thomas L. Lorenzen 35, G. E. Frlck
er 38. Perreant B. R. HUken 40, K. Wlck
roweki 12. E. Maraolf 13. E. Ruhland 32, C.
Schilling 36, C. Herring 38.
Golden Gate Rife and Pistol Club, monthly
competition: Rifle— Silver medals, A. Poulsen
179. 1G4. 160. Medal bars. G. Tammeyer 208,
205.-2U2. Re-entry match, M. Kolander 224. 5l5
215, 213; Emil "VVoenne 220, 202; W. F. Blasse
215. 209. Pistol— Bronze medals, T. Lewis C9.
€2. 65. 52. R«-entry match, W. C. Prtchard
£7; M. Kolander K3. «61. 79: T. Lewis 71, 58.
Revolver — Gold medal, F. V. Kington 92, 90,
90, 84. 84. 84. 83. Bronze medals, P. A Beck
er 86, 85, 85. S3. ? Re-entry match. P A.
BecVer 81. 85. 83: W. G. Hoadley 90. 83, 82,
80. 7»: M. J. White S3, 83, 82. 82. 79.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
bullFeye Fhoot — W. Crocker 4%,- R. S. Wixson
11, T. Xeuwirth 13, A. Thompson 2114, W.
Guild 23, H. Kofod' SCVi. H:- Lindberg 29H,
"W. A. Slebe 30. G. AUhausen 45, R. C. Holm-
Qulst 48H. John C. Rir.gen 49, J. Guttenber
aer 60. H. Klnkner C2>£, Captain Larsen 54,
H. P. Nelson 57»4. Captain X.. A. Frates 60.
M. Lytjen 75. Dr. L. V. Frates 78. A. M.
Poulsen N>, H. Skinner 85, H. Vogel 80%.
Korddeatfcher Schuetzen Club, monthly
bullFeye shoot — John d« Wit 235 points, H.
Huher 2SO. August Weetphal 744, George H.
Bahrs 764. F. P. Schuster 830. Otto Lemcke
100G. J. Dleken . 1160. . Henry Meyer 1163, F.
C. Rust 1319, J. Woebcke 1327, D. Stegemann
1437.
G.jrmar.ia Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
ehoot — First % champion class, F. P. Schuster
213; second champion elaes, O. H. Tammeyer
231. 213; first class, H. Stelllng 212; second
class, M. Kolander 207, 200; third class, D
Hunteman 2<tf; beet first shot. Fred Brandt 25
best last shoe Fred Brandt-24.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, monthly
medal shoot — Champion class, F. P. Schuster,
22U; first class. Lieutenant D. Salfleld. 200
st-eond class, not filled; third class. August
\\eetphal, 208; fourth class, D. Stegreman 187
ComiKstlUon shoot, two strings of ten ehots
each — E. Doell ITS. 175; A. Lemaire 156, ISO;
Aupust Pape 223. 2W; F. P. Schuster 220, 213;
S. Heino 'M<C John Gefken lto. 197; A. Scha
fer 101, 1G3; A. Grants 1C2. 169; R Stettin
184. 201: Captain H. Stelllng 193. 215: Fred
Brandt 206. 186; F. Hensel 140, 150; H. Meyer
188. 210; D. Huntemann 185, 204; D. Salfleld
175. 1S2; George H. Bahrs 1&6; R. Bornholdt
.200. 183; Aururt Westphal, 187. 190: Ottj
Lemcke 2C9. 200.
¦W. C. Crocker, in the bullseye shoot
of the Shell Mound Club, equaled the
best bullseye of the year with the good
score of 4U points. The Fcore:
Hannoveraner Verein— King, John Heitman;
crown, Julius Peters; scepter, John Llebe; ap
ple. H. Schlichtmann; ring. F. Heltmann;
head. John Hadaier; right wing. Herman
fcchultz; left wing, H. Stefnns; right-foot, Fred
Helde; left foot. Fred Udmi; tali, M. Hart
man.
August Pape, in the competition shoot
of the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein.
ran up the high score of 223 and 230
in his two ten-shot strings, leading his
comrades by a long margin.
P. V. Kington, the well known pistol
expert, showed he was still in srood
form. "With the revolver in the Golden
Gate Club competition he put " uo the
fine scores of .92. 90 and 90. He was
closely followed by P. A. Becker with
91 to his credit.
George H. Tammeyer did himself
proud in the contest of the Germania
Schuetzen Club. He made 231 rings
in his first ten shots. The record for
his twenty shots totaled 444 rings, a
creditable score for any young marks
man.
The attendance at the Shell Mound
rifle range yesterday was "much larger
than marksmen anticipated. The hard
rains seemed to have no effect on the
riflemen. The principal event of the
day was the fifth annual king shooting
of the Hannoveraner Verein. The con
test was held at the eagle target, and
as piece after piece of the wooden bird
was shot, away the excitement among
the members became intense. Every
time a well directed shot brought a
wing, claw or other part down the
lucky marksman was greeted with the
cheers of his comrades, as every piece
carried with it a coveted prize. When
Fred Helms shot away the left foot the
bird was completely dismembered and
everything was made ready to see to
whom the lucky king shot would fall.
It was finally determined when that
well known shot, John Heitman. after
a careful aim, pressed the trigger and
brought down the last remnant of the
eagle. The shouts of his • comrades
at once proclaimed him king of the
Hannoverans, and he .was led to. the
pavilian and crowned with the insiernia
of his office. : - i
OTHERS PERFORM WELL
Marksmen Crowd the Shell
Mound Ranges in Spite of
Rain and Do Good Work
Brings Down the Last Rem
nant of the Eagle in
Hannoveraner Festival
«
Lands the Long Shot Presto
11 First Before a Record
Attendance at Paris Track
1JAXSCH RIDES WINNER
Colors of the Hitherto Invin
• cible English 3Iare Are
Lowered in French Classic
PARIS. Oct. 9.— The Prix du Council
Municipal. 120,000, the great event of
autumn flat racing, resulted in a huge
surprise, a rank outsider. Presto II,
owned by Gaston Dreyfus and ridden
by J. Ransch. easily defeating the hith
erto invincible English mare, Pretty
Polly, which even the French- public
backed extensively at 2 to 1. Presto II
took and held the lead from the start
and won without effort. The winner
paid €5 to 1. The weather was splendid
and the attendance enormous, includ
ing many leading horse owners.
HEITMAN KING
OF THE SHOOT
PRETTY POLLY
MEETS DEFEAT
MOST DRAMATIC GAME IN HISTORY OF BASEBALL TO BE PLAYED TO-DAY
REILLY HOUNDS
DIVIDE HONORS
RAIN PREVENTS
FINISH OF CARD
Tralee Maid and Duhailow
Qualify for Deciding
Course in Class Stake
Delay in the Morning Makes
It Necessary to Postpone
Some Ingleside Trials
TALENT LOSES HEAVILY
MISS " BRUMMEL SCORES
Upsets of .Heavily Played
Favorites Are Experiences
at ' the Coursing Meet
Defeats Fast Young Puppy
Rocked Asleep by but One
Point on Union Park Field
The two stakes on the card at Intrle
side Coursing Park yesterday were left
unfinished. Six dogs remain in each
stake 'and the finals will be run next
Sunday. A heavy rain delayed the
coursing in the morning which pre
vented the stakes from belne com
pleted.
It was a hard day for the talent.
Many favorites backed at long odds up
set the calculations of the wise players.
A few of the heavy upsets were: Star
Sylvanus beat Frisky Boy at 3 to 1.
Polkadot beat Forest Fire at 3 to 1.
Lady Menlo beat Glaucus at 4 to 1.
Princess Savoy beat Full Moon at 3 to
1, Vandal beat Pasha Pleasant at 3 to
1. Vandal beat Fretter at 3 to 1. Many
other outsiders landed at shorter odds.
The old reliable Sacramento Boy xan
in fine form yesterday and would prob
ably have carried off ?yie honors In the
Class stake, had It been completed.
T. J. Cronin's Vandal showed great
speed in his various trials. The bettors
laid odds against him in both his races.
Mabel S. appeared the best in the Re
serve stake. She w^s runninr like a
streak of lightning and defeated her
opponents in easy style. Following are
the day's results with Judge John
Grace's official scores:
Reserve Stake: First round — Star Sylvanus
beat Frisky Boy. 4-2; Don Pedro beat Croix
D. 15-10: Luxury b*at Cascade. 10-7: Old Iron
sides beat Bright Columbia. 5-4: Story's Sister
beat Good aa Gold. 1O-1; Hunter Ralne beat
Butte City. 14-8; Rollins Boer beat Agitator.
12-4; Pccadilly beat Aeolus. 11-8; Mabel 8 beat
Golden Fortune, 4-3; Helen Hayes beat Cavel
ette. 2-0; Mark Twain beat Belfast, 14-8:
Wedge wood beat Haughty Helen. 4-1; Commer
cial Traveler beat Reckless Rose, 17-0: Ounflre
beat Checkers. 5-0: Annie Ryne beat Youngr
Johnny Rex. 11-0; Dear Gaston beat Laboring
Boy, 5-4; Miss Lucill* beat May Tunison. 3-1:
Real Duchess beat Equator. 5-1; Polkadot beat
Pepper Jack. 3-2: Forest Fire beat Frank
Dunn, 4-1; Lady Menlo beat Fairy Belle. 7-4:
Glaucua beat Moonbeam. 14-3; Icellus beat
Reta S. 4-2; Vina beat Lucy Glitters. 4-0.
Seccnd round — Star Sylvanus a bye; Old Iron
sides b«at Luxury. 4-2: Story's Sister a bye;
Piccadilly beat Rolling Boer. 5-0; Mabel 3
beat Helen Hayes. 7-2: Wedgwood beat Mark
Tvain. 12-8: Commercial Traveler beat Gunfire.
3-2; Annie Ryne beat Dear Gaston, 8-0; Miss
Lucille beat Real Duchess. 5-0; Polkadot beat
Forest Fire* 10-3; Lady Menlo beat Glaucus,
3-2; Vina b«at Icellus, 6-5.
Third round — Old Ironsides beat Star Sylva
nus. 5-0; Piccadilly beat Story's Sister. 6-1:
Mabel S b«at Wedgwood. 1S-5; Commercial
Traveler beat Annie Ryne, 10-4; Miss LuclUa
beat Polkadot, 11-9; Vina beat Lady Menlo.
4-0.
Class Stake: First round — Loretta beat
Smiler, 6-0: Reckless Acrobat beat Colored
Lady. 16-9; Ragged Actor beat Mellinwood.
7-5; Princess Savcy beat Full Moon. 5-3; Tounc
Fearlesa beat High Born. 6-0; Valley Pride
beat Orsini. 4-0; Sacramento Boy beat Oulda.
7-3; Fair Tral»e beat Garverton. 3-1: Vandal
beat Pasha Pleasant. 8-6; Prometheus beat
Queen's Motto. 6-1; Fritter beat Clover Blos
som, C-4; Fair Flying beat Imperious. 6-5.
Second round — Lnretta a bye; Ragged Actor
beat Tounsr Fearless. 9-7; Princess Savoy beat
Valley Pride, 7-1: Sacramento Boy beat Fair
Tralee. 10-3; Vandal beat Fmter. 4-2; Fair
Flying beat Prometheus, 12-2.
LONG TAKES TOURNAMENT
MATCH IN PARK COURTS
Greyhounds from the kennels of the
veteran coursing man, P. Reilly, ' car
ried off all the honors in the class
stake decided yesterday at Union
Coursing Park. His representatives,
Duhailow- and Miss Brummel, quali
fied for the deciding course. This
was not run, as Tralee' Maid had a
severe trial In the semi-final round,
which necessitated her being with
drawn. Duhailow thus took first
piace by default.
In the deciding course of the reserve
event the fast young puppy Rocked
Asleep led Miss Brummel to the hare,
and was then beaten by the close score
of 5 to 4. The hare took the grey
hounds across the field and then made
good its escape. This is the sixth time
the same hare has been used.
There were comparatively few up
sets during the day, the talent pick
ing the winner regularly. lone beat
the 1 to 4 chance Flower Girl, and
Earl beat Conroy at the same odds.
The Delta beat False Alarm at 2% to
1., Miss Brummel beat Jigamaroo,
Panoche beat Rich Array, The Referee
beat Carlow Boy, Amandan beat Tra
lee Lass and Duhailow beat Charter
Member, all at 2 to 1.
The rain placed the field in excel
lent condition. The hares were a
strong lot, and the majority of the
trials were long and exciting. The
day's results, with Judge P. J. Rellly's
official scores, follow:
Class stake — Carlow Boy a bye, .Tillie R
withdrawn; The Keferee beat Haphazard, 7-4;
Tral.t>e Lass beat Renegade Apache. 7-6;
Amandan beat Frisky Barbara, 7-4; Friend
less Boy beat Rocker Arm, 5-2; Sofala beat
Littlo Plunger. 7-6; Tralee Maid beat Gold
Chain, 12-7; Honest John beat Frisco Lad.
6-0; Charter Member beat Pomona, 8-6; Gam
bit beat In Time, 6-2; Duhailow beat Hum
bcldt, 5-0; Hudson beat Belle Free. 8-6.
Second round — The Referee beat Carlow Boy,
7-5; Amandan beat Tralee Lass, 3-1;-Friend
less Boy beat Sofala. 18-10; Tralee Maid beat
Honert John, 8-4; Charter Member beat Gam
bit, «-2; 'Duhailow beat Hudson. 5-4.
Third round — Amandan b*at The Referee,
8-0; Tralee Maid a bye. Friendless Boy with
diawn; Duhailow beat Charter Member, 4-0.
Fourth round — Tr&lee Maid beat Amandan,
17-4; Duhailow a bye. •
Deciding course — P. Rellly's Duhailow
(Wild Tratee-Manila) won by default. P.
Rellly's Tralee Maid (Wild Tralee-Mald of the
Hill) withdrawn.
Reserve stnke-*-Panoch« beat Golden Garter,
6-1; Little Mercy beat John Heenan, 3-2; Rich
Array beat Medley. 4-3; Royal Spirit beat D R,
10-3; Confident a bye. Luxury withdrawn; Ml
Amigo beat Rcmlsso Anlmo, 5-0; Jlgamaroo
beat Northern Alarm. 7-0; Miss Brummel beat
Ina Closus. 5-2; Aurelia beat Free From Flaw,
5-2; Bit; Klainath beat Shadow. 8-5; Rose of
Gold beat Hera, 4-3; Wild Norah beat Cosette,
4-2; Apple Bloesom beat Texas Black Lips.
5-0: Runaway Actress beat Real Pasha, 6-0;
Angus CIssuh beat Cubanola, 6-0; Bob R beat
Wattles. 10-«: Texas Betty beat Snapper Gar
rison, 4-0; The Delta beat False Alarm, 8-6;
Ccncot£ Tralee beat Ready .Address, 5-0; La
Ro?a- beat- Fetterless; - 14-4? lone Hill beat
Flower Girl, ft-2; Red Rock beat Prompto.
2-1: Rocked Asleep beat Frank C, 4-2; Earl
beat Conroy. 14-10. ¦ •
Second round— Panoche beat Little Mercy.
7-5; Rich Array beat Royal Spirit, 0-2; MI
'Amigo beat Confident, 10-4; Miss Brummel
bs.it Jisamaroo, 4-2; Aurelia beat Bier
Klamath. 6-5: Rose of Gold beat Wild Norah,
0-1; Runaway Actress beat Apple Blossom.
7-5; Bob R beat Angus Clssus; 14-0: The Delta
beat Texas Betty. 5-2: La Rosa beat Concord
Tralee. 4-2; lone Hill beat Red Rock, 8-7;
Rocked Asleep a bye. Earl withdrawn.
Third round — Panoche beat Rich Array, 3-2;
Miss Brummel beat Ml Amlco. .6-3; Ros* cf
Goid beat Aurelia, 6-3: Runaway Actress beat
Bob R. 4-0; The Delta beat lone Hill, 4-3;
Rooked Asleep beat La Rosa. 3-1.
Fourth round — Miss Brummel beat Panache,
.1-2; Runaway Actress beat Rose of Gold. 15-6;
Rocked Asleep beat The Delta. 7-0. '
Fifth round — Miss Brummel beat Runaway
Actress. 8*3; Rocked Asleep a bye.
Deciding course— E. Preston's Miss Brummel
(Moondyne-Lady Jane) beat J. Sweeney's
Rocked Asleep (Rocker-Gallant Foe). 5-4.
HORSEMEN LOOK FORWARD
TO A SENSATIONAL MATCH
Efforts Are Being # Made to Bring
Sysonby, Oiseau 'and Tradition
Together in a Sweepstakes.
"NEW/YORK Oct. 9.— It is ar
dently desired by all turfmen that the
much talked of special race between
Sysonby, Oiseau and Tradition may be
arranged and run off on Saturday next
at Morris Park. It is proposed that
It be a three-cornered sweepstakes for
$1000 each, the association to add
$5000, the distance to be seven fur
longs and weights to be equal, except,
of course, that Tradition will receive
three pounds sex allowance. Definite
announcement is expected to-morrow
that the foregoing details have been
agreed to by the respective owners.
All signs point to the fastest trot
ting race on record when the cud con*
test is decided on the 18th Inst. at
Memphis.- Lou Dillon defeated Major
Delmar in 2:04^4 last year, but the
gelding was Jaded and in no such con
dition as at the present. That she
can beat him again if she is right is
generally believed, but it is also be
lieved that she will have to trot two
neats in 2:03 or better to do it. As
Lou Dillon was timed a mile and re
peat in 2:02 and 2:03 in her work at
Cleveland Just before being shipped to
Memphis, she would seem to be in
great form to go one mile or two. Mr.
Billlnjrs is confident* she can trot a
mile in 2:00 without a wind shield.
ARENTS STII/L HOVERIXG '
BETWEEN LIFE AND DEATH
WILL. BE TAKEN TO OKLAHOMA.— Du
W. Bales was arrested on Minna street yea«
terday.'. H« la wanted In Billing*. O. T., oq
a charge of obtaining money by false pp»-i
tenses. The arrest waa made on a dispatch)
troia Sheriff McGhee of Perry. O. T., -who has
be«n advised of th« arrest. Bales says ha
borrowed 1100 from his brother and got a
friend to indorse his note. Ta» friend cauaed
-t&a arrest.
Clark Buys Trotter Bon Voyage.
LEXINGTON. Ky.. Oct. 9.— Bon
Voyage, the winner of the two-year
old division of the Kentucky Futurity
$6000, has been sold to W. A.' Clark Jr.
of Butte. Mont., son of United States
Senator "W. A. Clark. The price paid
was $10,000.
Veteran Player Gets Into the Game
Again and Makes a Good
Showinjr.
The heavy rain of yesterday morning
interfered with the tennis tournament
play at Golden Gate Park, but in the
afternoon the public courts were in
great demand. As. usual after a rain,
the California Club courts were crowd
ed. Only two players scheduled to meet
In the tournament were present at the
park in the afternoon and but one
match was played. » The contestants
were Melville Long and Robert Drolla.
On the previous Sunday Drolla had
won a set, 6-4. Play was resumed from
this point and Long scored a victory*
The first set played was clc«»e and ex
citing, but the next two Long won
with the loss of but one garme. The
score, in Long's favor, was 4-6, 7-6. 6-1.
6-0.
Some good practice matches were
played on the club courts. Arthur
Chesebrough, an old member of the
club, who has been in the Orient for
several years, made his reappearance
yesterday and played in good form.
"With Champion MacGavin for a partner
he beat Carl Gardner and Ray Cornell.
The winners took the first set easily,
but the second §et was close.
George Janes won a set from Herbert
Long and played a tie with Carl Gard
ner. Long has improved since he Joined
the club and can hold his own with the
best men in the second class.
MacGavin and Charles- Kuehn beat
Long and Janes in straight sets.
Kuehn was somewhat outclassed, but
gave the champion good support, and
the handicap experts were beaten. '
W. G. Knowlton and Dr > Noble played
a two-set match which was productive
Of the longest set of the day. Knowlton
won the first set, 6-4, but the doctor
toek the second by a 13-11 score.' t
' Dr. Younger and Kuehn played a fast
set with Cornell and Knowlton. The
former won, 6-4.
The following matches were played:
Georz* Janes beat Herbert Long. H-4; Carl
Gardner tied Janes, 6-4, 4-6; J. D. MacGavin
and. C. G. Koehn beat H. Long and J*ne.-»,
6-4. 8-6; Dr. Younger and C. Kuehn beat Ray
Cornell and W. G. Knowlton. ft-4; H. Gabriel
beat N. Blalsdell. tt-3. 6-2. 6-3; Knowlton tied
Dr. NJble. 6-4. 11-13; Gus Ll3ser tied Little.
3-6. 6-4 ; MacGavin and E. Chesebrough beat
Cornell and Gardner. 6-3. 8-6. •.,"*v*V <
The feature at the public courts was
a doubles ' between R. N. Whitney and
Stewart Gayness and Horace Mann
and Charles Dunlap. Mann and Dunlap
won three,sets out of five, the last four
sets being close. Mann and Dunlap
won the first two sets, but Whitney
and Gayness took the third and fourth.
The last set went to 9-7. The matches
played resulted as follows:
R. M. Whitney and J. M. Baker beat S. C.
Gayness and J. -Martin. 7-3. 0-3; C. Dunlap
and H. Mann beat Gayneas and Whitney, 6-3,
6-4, 3- T. 4-6. 0-7; J. Marvin beat K. Lowell.
6-3, 4-6, 6-2; J. Baker and J. Martin best F.
<?nerin and R. Lowell. 6-3, 6-2. «-4.- H. Mann
and F. Lemon beat M. Long and R. Drolla,
•-3. 4-6. 6-3.
Millionaire Motorist Who Was Injured
in Great Vanderbilt Race May
<;-'."¦ Succumb to His Injuries.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— George Ar
ents Jr., , who was thrown from his
machine yesterday during: the auto
mobile race for the Vanderbilt cup,
was somewhat improved to-night.
Mr. Arents is suffering from a frac
tureof the skull. He had several
sinking spells during the night, but
at 4 o'clock this morning there' was
a slight , reaction and, although the
gain has been slow, it has been steady,
and Arents was in a ' semi-conscious
condition to-night. His recovery is
still somewhat uncertain.
¦ It was nearly 2 o'clock when the
decision. In the protest of Albert Clem
ent of the Automobile Club of "France,
was announced. -Heath, of the same
club finished first, but Clement's pro
test resulted in the committee holding
up: a decision in ihe race. The pro
test was finally disallowed and the fol
lowing time of the race was given out:
Name. Elapsed Time. Corrected Time.
Heath, ..6:28:43 ...5:28:43
Clement
...5:28:13
There was much speeding over the
course to-day, and as a result a num
ber of arrests were made, while other
chauffeurs were warned to keep with
in the speed law.
Card Systems and Cabinets.
:¦.;• $2.00 buys a card index drawer. 500
record cards and 25 snide cards. Loose
leaf ledgers, price books and good print
ing.- 8anborn, Vail & Co, 741' Market at. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1904.
Two Games Must
Be Won by New
York or Lose
11¦ BALL. PLAYER NEARLY DROWSKD.
1 Bam Drytus, a member o£ the ¦ Sullivan Stars
. hall team, fell off the wharf, at Sausalito yea
1 terday afternoon and but for the bravery and
' presence of mind displayed by Tim Sullivan."
manager of the team, would have drowned.
I Sullivan jtimp« % d Into the water and rescued
> Dryfus as he was about to s>lnk for the third
feville to-night; .'at.' Stockton October
12 and at Modesto October 13. : f -
J. A. Barham will speak at Salinas
October-14 and at Santa Coiz October
15. •" '." \ -- -;'•;. ; ;•'¦.;¦¦ '
Other assignments as follows have
been made by the State Committee:: ,
Seward A. Simons of New: York and
T. V. Eddy, Tuesday, October 11, Ma
dera; .Wednesday,, October 12, j Merced;
Thursday, October 13. ' Modesto. At
torney General U. S. Webb, Wednes
day, October 12, Placerville, with J.
N. Gillett; Thursday/October 13, Au
burn, with J. N. ' Gillett; Friday, Oc
tober 14, ; Neyada City, with J. N. Gil
lett. Cary Van Fleet,: Monday, Octo
ber 10, Sutter Creek, with" J. N. G1K
lett;' Tuesday. . October 11, lone, with
J. N. Gillett. L..B: Wilson, Thursday,'
October 13, Dos Palos, with JVC- Need
ham; Friday, October ; 14, Los Banos,
with J. C. Needham ; Saturday, October
15, Newman, with J. C. Needham;. v J.
N. Anderson, Monday October 10,
Westminster; .Tuesday, October 1 11, ~ El
Toro ; Wednesday. ' October - 12, * Garden
Grove; Thursday, 5 October 13, Santa
Ana. ¦ ::¦¦'-'
Robbed on Fifth Street.
John Matthews, who lives at 911
Harrison street, was .held up just as
h*i left a saloon on Fifth street, near
Howard, at 2 o'clock yesterday morn
ing and robbed of $ 3 0 " by two men.
The highwaymen sprang out of a a
doorway as * he was t passing, ; and de-'
manded. his money. One of them hit
him on the head, knocking him down.
While '¦- prostrate ,. he was relieved of
the cash. Some -, time afterward he
was found lying * in an unconscious
condition and was removed to the
Emergency Hospital, where Dr. ; Ku
cich* dressed several j lacerated | wounds
on his head and face. He remained
in the hospital until ,nearly noon, as it
was thought he might be suffering
from : 'ai fractured; skull.
TRUSTY IN TROUBLE. — A trusty -named
Fitzpatriek- at the- City Prison, is alleged to
ha\ - e • promised to have Andrew Olson released
lrom a charge of drunkenness ; If the latter
turned over his watch. / Olson told the prison
officials of the matter when -he became sober
last night. ¦ ., ¦-._¦ ¦ '. ¦•; -i'
Iieather Goods for Fall Trade.
There is nothing new in leather goods
that you cannot find in our store — trunks,
dress suit cases, valises, wrist bags and
pocketbooks for fall trade — all - new de
signs now in, and lettered in gold free
of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. *
The effect on the , digestive organs
after using Lash's Kidney and Liver
Bitters is truly wonderful. . ,\ •
WOMAN ' ASPHYXIATED.'— A woman,
•whose Identity could not be ascertained, was
accidentally, asphyxiated In the Preocott House,
on Kearny street, yepterday. i She engaged a
room in the place with a soldier named Evans
the night before. . . . ;
RUSH IT. Gabriel Printing Co., '.'Print Any
thing." 419 Sacramento et. Nev«r disappoint.*
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 9.— Sacramento
and Sunset parlors of Native Sons held
impressive memorial services to-day in
tribute to their dead since 1901. The
music was of a high order, with a male
quartet, Madame Caro Koma and Mrs.
B. F. Howard, vocalists; Miss Pink
ham, organist, and M. Adler, violin so
loist. George L. Jones of Grass. Valley
was orator and Hon. W. W. Greer
eulogist. The. services '.were, notably,
pathetic and marked by deep feeding.
IMPRESSIVE SERVICES.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. &0c flask. Richard & Co.. 400 Clajr.*
OIL EXPLOSION WRECKS
CREAMERY AT ISLETOX
Building Destroyed and 1300 Pounds
of Butter Spoiled — Destruction
of Town Threatened.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 9.— Only the di
rection of the wind saved the pretty
town of Isleton from destruction to
day. An oil burner In the creamery
exploded and the building, with 1300
pounds of butter, was a total loss. The
wind carried the flames away from the
adjoining buildings. The loss was
?"!000.
Dr. W. E. Downing of Suisun is at
the Lick.
C. H. Woods, a merchant of Chico,
is at the Lick.
Dr. J. A. Robertson of Toronto is
at the Occidental, j .
E. M. Douglas of Washington, D. C,
is at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Lendrum of Victoria
are staying at the Palace.
R. W. Moody, a well-known mer
chant of Fresno, is at the Lick. -
R. B. Marshall of the United States
Geological Survey is at the Occidental.
R. T. McCullough, a cattleman' of
Crows Landing, is staying at the Lick.
M. Menasses, a merchant of Stock
ton, and his wife are at the Grand.
Miss Olga von Hatzf eldt, the well
known actress, is at the St. Francis.
T. H. Ramsay, manager of the Cone
ranch at Red Bluff, x is at the Palace.
General W. A. Kobbe, U. S. A., re
tired, and his family are at the Occi
dental.
Railroad Commissioner A. C. Irwin
of Marysville registered yesterday, at
the Lick.
Chester Glidden, inspector of a big
pine-box factory at Sisson, is at the
Grand.
J. G. Sullivan, chief inspector of the
Southern Pacific Company, has gone'
to Chicago on railroad business.
Sir Lloyd and Lady Wise of Loiylon.
who are making a tour of this coun
try, are registered at the St. Francis.
Thomas VIgus, A. M. Lovelace,and
P. E. Dill, all prominent residents of
Lcis Angeles, were among yesterday's
arrivals at the, Palace. ,
"William H. Kidston, a well-known
mariner, who has been master of ships
in the Orient and the northern waters
for many years, arrived here yester
day with his wife and daughter from
Japan. They are staying at the St.
Francis.
PERSONAL.
VICTORIOUS DRILL CORPS
RJETURNS IN* TRIUMPH
Washington Odd Fellows Gixen a
Royal Welcome Upon Reaching
Their Home City.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. — Canton
Washington No. 1, Patriarchs Militant.
I. O. O. F., carrying $1000 in gold in a
bag signifying the first prize as the
best drilled team of the order in the
world, awarded them in the recent cony
test in San Francisco, arrived home
last night and were given a royal wel
come. Red nre was burned alonsr
Pennsylvania avenue on their way to
their home on Seventh street. They
found their building dazzling in electric
lights and covered with flags. They
were met by all the local divisions of
the uniform rank, and were escorted
by a brass band.
Addresses of welcome were delivered
and the officers were presented with
bouquets. In responding, the officers
referred in glowing terms to the treat
ment accorded them in San Francisco,
an experience, they said, no one at
tending would ever forget.
ders the American Consul in order to
destroy the record of the marriage, and
further steals the marriage certificate.
The girl's brother, who is Americanized,
returns to find his sister, as he sup
poses, dishonored by the American, who
he has been told has /married her
"Japanese fashion." Unable to produce
witnesses, the American cannot prove
his innocence, and at last even the girl
believes he has deceived her." The
brother— they are of the blood noble
swears vengeance upon him. It all
comes right in the» end, however.
As should be in the circumstances —
but not by any means necessarily
would be — the atmosphere in "A Japa
nese Nightingale" is more than paint
deep. 'It gets under the skin, in fact.
Now, when nearer light on the soul
stuff of the little brown folk is pecu
liarly desired, the play is of peculiar
interest. Possibly the very fine settings
the Majestic has given to the piece help
quite materially here. ,
In the title role Miss Grace Reals de
velops unsuspected resources. She has
a quaint simplicity and sympathy that
combine into a charming whole. Mr.
Gilmour and Miss Eleanor Gordon as
Mr. Harker and Miss Harker "of Cali
fornia," on their travels do us proud,
and Mr. Thornton is adequate, but not
astonishing, as the American. Very
good Orientalism is that of Stanley
Johns, and John D. O'Haro as the
brother and suitor of Yuki, and of Jo
seph Callahan — not quite always Intelli
gible — as Ito. Geishas, rickshaws, lan
terns, wistaria, etc., add much to the
picture's. The piece was much enjoyed.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
* * •
Standing foremost on an excellent bill
at the Orpheum this week is a sketch,
"Her Last Rehearsal," by Lewis, Mc-
Cord & Co. The act is done on an open
stage, and the plot brings out the tribu
lations of a stage-struck girl and the
distraction of the stage manager, who
attempts to conduct a rehearsal in
which she appears in the character of
Juliet. McCord does the stage manager
turn and holds thorough Interest
throughout the piece. Miss Elvia Bates
appears as Juliet and Francis Fraun
holz as Romeo. Miss Bertha St. Clair
is on the programme as Juliet's mother,
and the stage hands, with hammer, saw
and other appliances, supply an abund
ance of comedy.
S. Sciarretti, E. Cibelli and A. Cibelli
Introduce a musical act, "A Night in
Venice." They are vocalists and in
strumentalists of a high order and re
ceived hearty encores. J. A. Murphy
and Eloise Willard offer- conversational
oddities, and their dialogue -is good.
Hickey and Nelson open in a laugh
able skit, "Twisted and Tangled." They
win the audience from the time they
come to the footlights. Julius M. Tan
nen Is above, the average as an imper
sonator, and his speeches by famous
actors and men of prominence were
easily reclgnized. i
! Hoey and Lee, Hebrew impersonators.
, who became popular last week, added
'new features to their act and were re
1 called several times. Mme. Avery
l Strakosch, prima donna soprano, ren
: dered Vln Starlight" and "My Black
j Eyed Sue.", and Felix and Barry re
peated their act, "The Boy Next Door."
i "The Tenderfoot" opened its sec
! ond week at the California last night.
j It was witnessed by a large audience,
which applauded the clever piece.
Three times within five minutes Jo
seph Whitney dislocated his jaw in at
tempts at oratory at the Central Emer
gency Hospital last night. He was car
ried into the operating-room with his
maxillaries temporarily disabled by a
wallop on the point of the chin.
Dr. Kucich started the jaws working
with a touch of his fingers. "If I catch
that," began Whitney, '"I err — ugh." The
threat ended in a slutter, for the jaw
was out again.
« The surgeon once more put the jaws
into working order. "I'll keep quiet
now," said Whitney. "But if I ever
catch that — ugh." The jaw was out
again.
Dr. Kucich patiently pulled the loos
ened maxillary into place. "Thank you,
doctor." said Whitney. "If I catch
that — " The jaw was again dislocated.
This time the surgeon held the maxilla
ries in place while the steward bound
them tightly. As Whitney was taken
from the place by some friends his eter
nally wagging jaws strained at the
bandages. He may have to nurse his
wrath for several weeks.
Garden Fete at Convent-
The convent in charge of the
Sisters of Mercy on Rincon Hill will
be the ecene of an attractive garden
party on the afternoon of October 15
for the benefit of St. Brendan's Church
fair. A varied programme will be
rendered and refreshments will be
served. Rev. Father J. Rodgers, pas
tor of the church, has taken an active
interest In the fete and will aid the
sisters in their efforts to make it a
success.
Three Times Joseph Whitney
Tries Fiercely to Orate,
but Maxillary Gives Out
James Means Shoes for men are made
in Brockton, Mass.. by the most skilled
shoemakers in the world. Largest seller
in Amercia. Honest leather and popular
prices have made them so. Sold from
factory to you by James Means $2.50 and
$3.00 Shoe Store. 16 Fourth street. •
WAGGING JAW
IS DISLOCATED
The Republican Congressional cam
paign of the Fourth and Fifth districts
will be opened at the Alhambra Thea
ter next Saturday evening. Julius
Kahn, E. A. Hayes, Thomas P. Dozier
of Redding, Frank P. Flint of Los An
geles and other well-known speakers
will address the people. The. prospects
of Republican success in these districts
are daily growing brighter.
The Second Congressional District
Republican Editorial Association met
yesterday at the headquarters of the
State Central Committee, Palace Hotel.
General George Stone,. chairman of the
State committee; E. F. Woodward, sec
retary, and Duncan E. McKinlay, the
standard-bearer of the party in the dis
trict, exchanged views with W. F.
Mixon, Woodland Mail;. F. B. Mac»
kinder, St. Helena Star; J. E. Olm
stead, Petaluma Argus; F. P. Brophy,
assistant secretary; J. L. Allison, Co
lusa Herald; J. D. Grannier. Sonoma
Index-Tribune; Mr.. Hastings, Geyser
ville Gazette; P. H. Olmstead, San Ra
fael Journal, and B. F. Arnold, Chico
Enterprise.
McKINLAY'S MAJORITY.
The Republican newspaper men of
the district are confident of Mr. Mc-
Kinlay's election by a large majority,
but do not intend to diminish work in
his behalf on account of the assurances
of victory. Vigorous efforts will be put
forward to bring every registered voter
to the polls. It was clearly demon
strated that Bell, the Democratic nom
inee, has been forced to abandon the
platform of his party and omit all ref
erence to Alton B. Parker, the Demo
cratic candidate for President. There
was a general tally of reports that Bell
was explaining and floundering. Under
cover he is appealing to the Native
Sons, the Eagles and the Red Men for
political assistance. His campaign tac
tics in this respect will be fully dis
closed by the Republican press. There
is a strong element of Republican citi
zenship in these organizations, and the
scheme of Bell and his managers to put
a Democratic tag on the fraternal or
ders will not succeed.
Though Bell does not openly deny
that he is the nominee of the Demo
cratic organization, he refuses to go be*
fore the people and proclaim his alle
giance to the principles of that party.
Old-line Democrats of the district are
not giving him the support that they
would give to a Democrat who pos
sessed the courage to stand by his
party in adversity.
SPEAKING ENGAGEMENTS.
The Republican State Committee an
nounces J. N. Gillett meetings in the
First District as follows: Monday,
October 10, Sutter Creek; Tuesday,
Octobre 11, lone; Wednesday, October
12, Placerville; Thursday, October 13,
Auburn; Friday, October 14, Nevada
City; Monday, October 17, Rocklin.
Duncan E. McKinlay meetings in the
Second District will be as follows:
Elk Creek, Monday, October 10; New
ville, Tuesday. October 11, noon; Or
land, Tuesday. October 11, night; Ger
mantown, Wednesday, October - 12,
noon; Butte City, Wednesday, October
12, night; Oak Park, Thursday. October
13, with Congressman McLachlan; Fol-
Bom, Friday, October 1«; Oroville, Sat
urday, October 15, with Congressman
McLachlan. -
J. R- Knowland, Republican nominee
for Congress, Third District, will speak
at Dixon to-night; at Park street, Ala
meda, to-morrow evening; at Cordelia,
October 13, and at Suisun. October 15.
Following is the itinerary of J. C.
Needham, Republican nominee, Sixth
District: Monday, October 10, Ray
mond Quarry, 12:30 o'clock p. m.; Mon
day, October 10, Raymond, 8 o'clock
p. m.; Tuesday, October 11, Snelling;
Thursday, October 13, Dos Palos, with
L. B. Wilson; Friday, October 14, Los
Banos; Saturday. October 15, Newman.
James McLachlan. at the Seventh
Congressional District, Los Angeles,
will speak • with Frank P. Flint at
Stockton October 12; at Oak Park Oc
tober 13, with D. E.?McKinlay; at San
ta Rosa October 14, with Frank H.
Short; at Oroville October 15,. with D.
E. McKinlay. To-night Mr. McLach
lan* will speak at Fresno with Frank
H. Short.
S. C Smith, Republican nominee for
Congress, Eighth District, is making
a splendid campaign. He is scheduled
to speak: Monday, October 10, Cam
bria; Tuesday, October 11, Paso Robles;
Wednesday. October 12, Santa Maria;
Thursday, October 13. Santa Ana; Fri
day. October 14, Riverside, with Gov
ernor Pardee ; Saturday, . October 15,
Corona, with Senator Ward.
DAVIS AND BELSHAW.
The eloquent John F. Davis and C.
M. Belshaw, nominee for. the State
Senate to 'represent the Marin and
Contra Costa district, will speak 'at
Tomales next Friday night and at Sau
salito next Saturday, evening.
T. P. Boyd and CM. Belshaw will
speak at Bolinas to-morrow evening.
Prank P. Flint will -speak at Down-
YOUNG PRIEST WHO RETURNED
TO CHILDHOOD HOME TO CELE
BRATE FIRST MASS.
Eepublicans Announce Mass
3Ieeting at the Alhambra
for Next Saturday Night
Girls Succumb to Lemonade.
Miss Kate O'Malley of 728 Natoma
street, Miss Josephine Frulson of Cas
tro and Valley streets and Miss Annie
Larson of 337 Bryant street were
treated at the Emergency Hospital at
2 o'clock yesterday morning. They
were suffering from too much Me
chanics' Pavilion lemonade, partaken
during Saturday night's ball. The
doctors in charge were of the opinion
that the lemonade bore an odor fa
miliar to them. The usual restoratives
were successful.
BATTLE TO WIN
CONGRESSMEN
Officials of the quartermaster's depart
ment and. the army transport service
having finally acknowledged that three
quiet investigations have been conduct
ed for the benefit of the service, there
is but one thing left for the War De
partment to do to assure the public
that these Investigations were made in
good faith— to give the Grover charges
in full to the people, togelher with the
decision of the boards of inquiry.
If these investigations took place— as
it is now admitted officially they did—
why not answer these questions:
Why were transfers made and why
were quartermaster's officials In a
quandary as to what to do when they
had become possessed of evidence in
the matter of the transportation irreg
ularities?
If clerks in the present employ of the
Government j have been guilty of per
mitting questionable accounts to pass
to the treasury, why are they not dis
charged, instead of being "transferred"?
Until these queries are answered it
will be difficult for the department to
convince the public that the affairs of
the Government have been, conducted
in an impartial manner. It will be an
easy thing for the local office of the
transport service, through Washington,
to set all at right by a clear official
statement, incorporating the Grover
charges 'and saying just what became
of them.
Grover charged that things are not as
they should have been in the service,
and that gross carelessness resulted in
great loss to the Government. The find
ings have been returned to Washing
ton and are said to be in the hands of
the quartermaster general, yet these
papers are not offered as evidence in
rebuttal of the criticism to which the
department 'has been subjected.-
The investigation of the army trans
port service that is now on or has been
ordered for a near date will seek to
eliminate abuses that are apt to result
in the handling of a vast governmental
institution. The thing to be ascertained
is, "Who in the present employ of the
service have been, directly or indirect
ly, responsible for past abuses?" Grover
has claimed that these men are still in
the Government employ. Who they are
only . the board of Inquiry and the
Washington officials know. They are
men, it is said, who were employed un
der a prior transport administration.
At present a board of inspection Is
engaged in examining into hay con
tracts recently let, but those who are
acquainted with the depot quarter
master's service say that the board was
convened for the purpose of ascertain
ing whether the hay. was up to the
standard named In the contract.
Another Investigation Soon
to Begin Will Have Chance
ta Eliminate Abuses if
Secrecy Is Abandoned
An imposing ceremony took place at
the Church of St. John the Evangelist
last evening, when the handsome new
stations of the cross, which the rector,
the Rev. Father Peter D. Brady, pur
chased during his recent trip in Europe
for $600. were blessed. The stations
are v«»rv beautifully executed, the fig
ures, which stand out prominently, be
ing raised in bisque. They are the
work of Signor Simi. a well-known art
ist in Rome. His coloring is especially
fine, nothing of a similar description
In the churches of the State showing
a more perfectly artistic and har
rnonious finish.
The ceremony of blessing the stations
was performed by the Rev. Father
Augustine McClory, O. F. M., assistant
pastor of St. Boniface Church, assisted
by the Rev. Father Brady and the Rev.
Father William Butler. Father Mc-
Clory in his sermon gave an explana
tion of the stations, their origin and
advantages. He also told the way to
make the stations of the cross.
The sermon was followed by the
benediction of the blessed sacrament,
the Te Deurn being intoned at the al
tar and the choir singing, "Holy God,
We Praise Thy Name."
St. John's has just been fitted with
new pews at a cost of $1600. They are
massive and commodious and are in
perfect harmony with the architecture
of the church.
-An eminent barrel organist' of my ac
quaintance has long been Insisting that
"The Burgomaster" is a better opera
than "The Prince of Pilsen." After yes
terday's performance at the Grand
Opera-house — as our sporting editor
puts it— the money is his. The success
of "The Burgomaster" is ancient his
tory in the chronicles of musical com
'edy. In the dark ages of five years
ago it was achieved in Chicago, by the
way. Boston also approved it, while
New York passed it. by. But with this
opera Luders and Pixley gathered the
nest egg of the fame that is now theirs,
and to my mind have not since so well
deserved it. Most of the music has been
barrel-organed, planoled and warbled
into one's consciousness long ago. The
listener will find it, like "Hamlet," full
of quotations, and will be the readier to
enjoy the opera. But even if he has
miraculously escaped it so far, he will
not the less enjoy it.
¦ W. H. Cullen "presents" the opera.
Oscar L. Figman is the chief presenter.
The two wandered into town yesterday
unknown. To-day they are identified
with some of the funniest loot of the
season. They tell me at the theater
that "The Burgomaster" has been play
ing all through the country at the $1 50
houses. Well, we usually ask more here
in the shape of gowns and pictures for
that. Otherwise 'twould be cheap at the
price. The production rather reminds
of the Tivoli in its unfashionable days.
It is a little dusty, fusty-throated, too.
But it has the vim, the cozy all-in-the
family fun— the heart and joy of those
same old Tivoli shows.
Upon New Amsterdam, date 1660—
the audience is "urgently requested not
to worry about historical Inaccuracies,
anachronising, and lapses from logical
sequence and common sense" — the cur
tain rises. These are the strenuous
days of New York's history, and our
Stuyvesants, De Peysters andVander
bilts are discovered making it. An
Indian attack, with a fascinating In
dian chorus and solo, and George llc-
Kissock, capital as a noble red man.
caught the house first, and the grip
never relaxed. Peter Stuyvesant, the
burgomaster, with the first dramatized
•wooden leg of my acquaintance, makes
his . first appearance. Mr. Flyman,
long, lank, and lithe, brings a dry vint
age of fun to the enactment. But Mr.
Figman is hardly a There
is In fact no one "touched with race"—
as Henley has it— In the cast. The
sheer fun of the idea and the dialogue
carry "The Burgomaster."
In the next act Peter, after doing
the Rip Van Winkle stunt— but for 200
years, and, with his friend Doodle von
Kull as sleeping partner — finds himself
in modern New York. The old Dutch
man has grown, a new leg during his
nap, by the way. Pugilists, soubrettes,
dowri-at-heel actors, the union, theoso
phists, all kinds of modern ,improve
ments, Stuyvesant is brought into con
tact with, and no fun is lost in the
process. Plot, properly speaking, there
is none r but the lively Incident lavishly
compensates.
Miss von Hatafeldt does a little sine
ing, and as a male Astorbilt wears the
trews with the art of a Melville Ellis.
Oscar B. Ragland, who 'carries the
voice of the company, is funny as the
pugilist, and R. J. Moye as the fore
man of the "Street Gang" looks as if
he had carried a pick from birth. As a
theosophist lady Miss Harriet Sheldon
sees fun and makes it. and Louise
Bracket wears pink as well as Ruth,
the girl from Chicago. The singing
in chief is done by the chorus, the male
end of it mostly. And in the female
quota young and pretty-pretty, one
finds token of the pocket chorus Rirl
now in fashion In the East. Mr. Fig
man's osculatory. lecture, with chorus
exhibits, rivals Frank Daniels' own.
but there is fun for all throughout. The
house signified its feeling in the usual
way. The opera goes but a week and
the fun-loving should by no means miss
it. . ' ¦ ¦
* * ¦ . •
A Japanese play by a Japanese wom
an is certainly tfmely fare these days.
They have it at the Majestic this week,
with Onoto Watanna's "A Japanese
Nightingale," produced here for the first
time last night. The piece was drama
tized by William Young from the lady]s
novel of the name. Comedy-melodrama,
perhaps comes nearest its genre.
How far the play deviates from the
novel I do not know. As It stands, the
story of a Nippon maid who ran away
from a distasteful suitor to a tea house
and there fell in love with an Ameri
can, who married her, It is rather re
markably interesting. The complica
tions are Ingenious. The rejected suitor,
In order to get hold of the lady, mur-
TEANSFEE OKDERS
AEE UNEXPLAINED
Figures Raised in Bisque
Are Prominent and Show
Fine Harmon} 7 in Color
Japanese Drama . Pleases.
Orpheum's Show Delights
Large Crowd— Other Plays
MAJESTIC BILL "WINS
After an absence of five years from
the city of his birth the Rev. Edward
T. Mallon celebrated his first mass fol
lowing' his ordination as a priest in the
church of the parish where he spent his
boyhood. Father Mallon was assisted
yesterday in the celebration of the sol
emn mass by Father Cary, Father
Welsh and Father Stark in Old St.
Mary's Church, situated at the corner
of Dupont and California streets.
Father Mallon began his preparatory
studies at St. Mary's College of the
Christian Brothers, Oakland. Five
years ago he left San Francisco for
Washington, D. C, where he entered
the Paulist House of Studies. Following
a long and arduous theological course in
Washington, Father Mallon was or
dained September 21 by Bishop Cusack,
the auxiliary Bishop of New York.
After an absence of five years Father
Mallon's one desire was to celebrate
his first mass in the city of his birth,
in the church that he loved so well and
surrounded by relatives and friends.
His stay will be short, for he will leave
during the week for Chicago, where he
will be assigned to the Paulist House.
Father Mallon has two brothers who
are also in the priesthood — Valesian of
St. Mary's College, community of
Christian Brothers, and Gregory, of the
Sacred Heart College in this city.
Testimony Before Army
Boards Regarding Alleged
Frauds Is Locked in Quar
termaster's Department
ACTUAL WORKS OF ART
"Burgomaster" Proves In
teresting Musical Comedy
With Mirthful Dialogue
Ceremonial at Church of
St. John the Evangelist
Is Solemn and Imposing
EVIDENCE
IS STILL
WITHHELD
BLESS STATIONS
OF THE CROSS
GRAND OFFERS
PLENTY OF FUN
«
Comes to Ulsit
Old Beloved
Church..
Reverend E. T. Mallon
Intones His First Mass
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; OCTOBER 10, 190*.
The Faraiso Springs are always open.; *.
CHARGED WITH MAYHEM.— Culseppl Spl
talero was charged -with mayhem yesterday at
the Instigation ;of 'Angela Scrlo. The-, woman
says he attacked her and broke her, arm. ,
CHICAGO.. Oct. P.— Peter Karolsihoi and
Chris • Masterias, who came to Chicago last
weekf|cm California to visit a ; cousin here,
were asphyxiated by - ?as In a : room at t&e
Wooaiawn - Hotel to-day. When the bodies
were found life i had been extinct ' (or several
hours.
Burnett'* K-ctract . of * Vanilla— In
purity a nd strength ' .'ore- eminently '. superior. ; •
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
bdldberg
BDWEN
& CO.
fflonday Tuesday Wednesday
Hawaiian Beauty Kona
Coffee, i lb carton 30 ¦
It has no equal at this price.
Boneless Sardines 27#
Lazeran, reg'ly 30c Ige can doz 3.20 i
Castile Soap-itaiian 50
Conti, reg'ly 60c bar
Pine Apple-Sliced, grated 20
Hawaiian, reg'ly 25c 2# Ib can
Crab Apple Jelly-reg'ly25c jar 20
Calimyrna Figs-New crop 20
reg'ly 25c lib carton
Tomato Catsup-G b Co. 15
This season's, reg'Jy 20c bot
Spanish Olives 20
Paragon, reg'ly 25c 14 oz bot
French Peas-D&G 25
Extra fins, reg'ly 30c can doz 2.75
CoCOa- Van Houten, reg'ly 95c lb
i lb 20c l A lb 40: . 1 !b 80
Vanilla Extract-G b & Co. 35
reg'ly 45c 4 oz bot
Lemon Extract-G b & Co. 35
reg'ly 40c 4 oz bot
Prunes-California 4 lbs 25
reg'ly 10c Ib, good ones
Vulcan Matches-Paraffine 40
Good, reliable, reg'ly 50c doz
Wheatena-u ib pkg 3 for 50
Cherries in Marasquin 40
Durand, reg'ly 50c qt
Listerine-Lge sue 65
King George IV., Liqueur
(Gold Label,) Scotch Whisky
made smooth and mellow by
age — be particular when buy-
ing whisky just as we are.
Distillers* Co., Ltd. Reg'ly
$1.75 bot, special $1.50
Whisky-i893 1.00
Old Crow Bourbon 4.00
Hermitage rye, reg'ly f 1.25 bot, $b gal
White Wine gal 55, pts 1. so
rcg'ly 75c gal, f L75 pts, f2.75 qts 2.40
Gi n- Wynand Fockink 1 .25
rej'ly $1.50 black bottle or stone jug
Spanish Sherry-Topaz , 50
reg'Jy 75c bot, *2.50 gal 1.85
Rock and Rye-«g'iy 51.25 qt 1.00
Creme de Menthe Cordial 1.15
reg'ly $1.40 "qt bot M B & R
New Goods Arriving ,
Sweet cider asparagus, cran-
berries, chestnuts, salt pickles,
raisins, milchner herring, figs.
" ': ADVERTISEMENTS. • ~^_
J^^*^ Monday, Oct 10 \^i I
LADIES' UNDERWEAR
Our new stock of LADIES' and CHILDREN'S FALL and
WINTER UNDERWEAR is complete and comprises some of
the products of all the leading European and Eastern manufac-
turers at the most reasonable prices.
A complete line of the celebrated ZIMMERLI SWISS RlBBFn
WOOL VESTS, in white, black, pink or blue, ranzine in nricM
from $1.25 to $2.00 each
A full stock of the celebrated PURE KNEIPP LINEN MESH
VESTS and DRAWERS, in high neck and short sleeves and
high neck and Ion, sleeves. Jj QQ
LADIES' CREAM COLOR LADIES' SWISS RIBBED
EGYPTIAN COTTON MERINO VESTS, wkh short
VESTS and DRAWERS. or long sleeves; hea^r weigh?
hand finished, medium and white or gray; tights to match,
heavy weights; vests with long ankle length (non-shrinkable)
or short sleeves, drawers knee A q*+ f\/\ ___«
or ankle length, alsp tights J\l $1.{J\J CuCll.
At 50c each. ladies- heavy ribbed
i /iniF^ piRRFn . MFDiiun CASHMERE WOOL VESTS.
L i?JI?c RIBBED MERIN0 drawers and tights to match!
VESTS, white or natural; form fitting; hand-finished
form fitting, - medium weight, seams, in white or natural
with long sleeves; tights to A + <C 1 Cfi /*?%r*U
match; ankle length Al CaCJl.
At 75c each. ladies* mercerized
I AniFQ* M/hitf MFDiun SILK VESTS, in pink, blue,
,;Jolo -i"! „ . MERIl> iP cream or white I han d crocheted
VESTS and DRAWERS. yoke
medium weights, in all sizes At 7^
At (\fi *7%n\\ ¦ •*** CaCIl.
.*^o, T fl# LADIES' HEAVY AUSTRA-
LADIES' SPUN SILK VESTS. LIAN VESTS, with long and
in pink, blue or cream; high short sleeves, with drawers to
neck and long sleeves match; suitable for winter wear
At $1.25 each. At $1.25 each.
A complete line of CHILDREN'S UNDERWEAR in merino and
air wool, in both plain and ribbed; in various weights, in white
7 From 35c to $1.50 each
Umbrellas
All our Winter Umbrellas have arrived, in handles of every design,
from the- simplest to the most elaborate, and in the most durable
coverings of English Gloria, Taffeta, Melrose and Union Silk
and All-Silk. Prices —
Children's From 40c to $ 4.5O Each
Ladies' From 50c to 815.OO Each
Men's From 75c to $15.00 Each
Special , i FoD Neck
Renaissan c e %• Jl/i r £/l/, <ZJL " rail w « a r a
Lace Collars. beautiful M -
in Cream vff5^ J &Jr7%As+'*J . sort mem of
E c ru a n d kJJ Feather
2J? £-* * • Si ' ' P r 'c«» from
faVi? t0 ** 1 II to 1 2 1 Post Street t^ t0 935
APyjt^TTSTTMTTNTS.
World's #
Record P > f*1/P/QC
BreaKingl <¦> 1^^C3
. Dinner Sets
Chin*
Crockery
Glassware
Ornaments
Prices never so cheap
Need the room
for
New Holiday Goods
Come early
just to looK.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
Money Saving Store.
S61 Market 213 Sutter ' 2732 24th
140 Sixth 210 Grant are 1419 Polk
475 Haltht 1819 Devtsadero 70S Larkta
3285 Mission 3006 Sixteenth . 148 Ninth
2008 Filtmore B21 Montg'y ava 355 Hayes
366 Thlrri 251* Mission 52 Market
469 Fourth , 206 Third • £
rf^^^EsT fid I * ** \ » 'C W^^S^ 1^
t|WM>f cji,»i^ mam
Many of your neighbors have used
Mellin's Food for their children. Ask
them what they think of it; look at
their children and see the result of
using a proper food. Mellin's Food
Tfrill 'give the same good results if
. you will use it with your baby.
Send for a sample, we will send it
free of charge.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON. MASS
\U ADVERTISEMENTS. •
~0
...SPECIAL...
For To-Day and To-M arrow Only
Ermine Four-in-Hands
¦¦'-•.' (The • Popular Style of the Season)
$20.00*-$25.00
$30.00— $35.00
The hljrsest bargains offered In years—
ther skins ¦ alone are worth more than - we .
ask for these four-in-hands, and there isn't-
'a manufacturer ; in the country that
.wouldn't 'jump -at. the chance to buy all we
have at a stiff advance over these prices. . I
Several ¦ different styles S to choose from.
I Some have • panel ends — others pointed, ends"
. — still others'. are perfectly straight. Some
are ; finished { with chenille* fringe — others .
are plain. : Some are satin lined — others are
'lined 'Withiermine.. fur.
DONT • MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY.