Investigation Of the Conduct of the Quartermaster's Department May Cause a Complete Change of Officials in the Local Transport Service
Vigilance of the Administration Is Demonstrated
by Its Action to Protect the Country's Interests
FIRST — Complaint has been made to Brigadier General Humphrey, quartermaster general, that irregularities exposed by the Chamberlain and
Maus reports two years ago still exist.
SECOND— The War Department has ordered many changes of clerks and heads of departments, being determined that the service shall be con
ducted on a strictly business basis.
THIRD — A board of inquiry consisting of three officers has delved into the accounts of drsying cempanies and other concerns patronized by
the War Department with a view to determining whether the Government has been imposed upon.
COMPLAINT OF IRREGULARITIES AND APPOINTMENT OP BOARD OP INQUIRY.
HEAD OF WAR DEPARTMENT WHO HAS ORDERED AN INVESTIGATION OF
TRANSPORT SERVICE AT THIS PORT. CHIEF OF QUARTERMASTER' S
DEPARTMENT AND HIS LOCAL. REPRESENTATIVE.
A highly important phase of the
situation 13 that Manila is warning San
Francisco through Washington to be
more careful in sending: merchandise
to the islands. Imitations— -goods un
der spurious labels — have been forced
on the island markets and the result
has been that orders have been di
verted to foreign sources of supply.
The local board of Inquiry ques
tioned Chief Clerk H. W. Bennett, a
eastern stations; the game of. change
is still going on. The word was sent
forth from Washington that the better
policy would be to have the head3 of
the local depot transferred to outside
stations as the evidence presented to
the War Office was not pleasing to th^
Taft administration, which has been
doing much toward putting all
branches of the service on a strictly
business basis.
The first intimation that there was
laxity, if not criminal carelessness, in
handling the affairs of the Government
in certain branches of the quartermas
ter's department came through a cleric
of the local depot who made an es
pecial trip to Washington to offer evi
dence that the Government was very
glad to receive. The quartermaster
general sent word to th!s city that a
board of inquiry should be appointed
to look into the matter of, draying ex
penses for the army transport serv
ice, and other things of less import
ance. Repeated' complaints were re
ceived from Manila concerning the
quality of goods that were betrnc
shipped to the islands by the Commis
sary Department. Complaint was made
that goods shipped there were of an
inferior quality. It developed that the
complaints did not originate with the
Commissary Department, which has
tried to use care In buying goods, but
with private shipments that have been
received indirectly for Government
employes' uses.
Parker at His Esopus Home.
ESOPUS, Oct. .7— Alton B. Parker
reached home from New York this aft
ernoon and at once drove over his farm
and inspected the, progress made In the
fall plowing- He then worked on his
correspondence until dinner.
BOLOMONVILLE. Ariz.. Oct 7.—Dis
trict Attorney C. L. Rawlins of Graham
County to-day gave out the following
written account of the troubles at Clif
i.;n and Morenci over the alleged sale
ff foundlings sent out from New York
City for adoption by Mexican families:
"When the train arrived at Clifton
[ringing the babies those in charge of
U:*» little ones read from tags attached
to the children the names of the per
rms to whom the children were con
f ijrn^d. In every case these were Mexi
rans. and not of the better class either.
Sixteen of the children were given out
at Clifton, and the agent then proceed
ed to Morenci with the others. After
be had left Clifton a feeling of Indigna
tion arose in the American population
and a meeting was called. A commit
tee of twenty-five citizens was named
to recover the children from the Mexi
cans. Accompanied by a large crowd
of citizens, this committee visited the
Mexicans Claim They Paid for New
York Foundllns*.
AGENT ACCEPTS MONEY.
Continued on Page 3, Column 4.
The old days of the army transport
service tangles have their aftermath
In the recent change of officials of the
Quartermaster's department of Califor
nia, and in the subsequent develop
ments following two special secret In
vestigations of the service by officials
appointed as a special board of in
quiry by Secretary of War Taft
through Quartermaster General Hum
phrey at Washington. D. C.
The keynote of the policy of the
quartermaster was: "I want the truth,
and if necessary I will change every
man in the service who has been at
the head of a department that I may
assure the people a fair administra
tion of the services that has to do
with the sending out of ships and the
handling of commissary 'and quarter
master's supplies for the Philippines."
Since this declaration of War De
partment independence there have
been many changes In the depot quar
termaster's office in this city and
there are likely to be more before the
administration gets through with the
handling of evidence that Is now in its
possession.
Several months ago the first court
of inquiry was appointed to investigate
the alleged irregularities that are said
to have occurred through the negli
gence of heads of departments of the
Pacific Coast. This board was com
posed of Major Carroll A. Devol, .de
pot quartermaster; Captain ' Stanley,
now of the Department of California
but at one time the aid to General
Young, and Captain Charles T.' Baker,
assistant depot quartermaster.
"What is the result of the findings ?"
queried the quartermaster general.
"I will have forwarded all testimony
by mall," answered the local depot.
FUN BEGINS.
Then the fun commenced. Baker
¦was transferred to Manila, ' many
clerks were shifted from local posts to
CHICAGO, Oct. 7.— "It Is prayer that
has cured me. I would be a cripple to
day Instead of a perfectly well woman
had it not been for divine power. Hun
dreds of prayers have gone up from my
friends in every State, from the Atlan
tic to the Pacific, and God has heard
and answered. Faith is everything."
In these words Mrs. Matilda B. Carse,
president of the Woman's Temperance
Board of Chicago, is answering her
friends and the physicians who knew
of the accident which befell her last
February, when she broke her hip by a
severe fall in the street near her Sheri
dan Park home.
' Mrs. Carse returned two days ago
from her brother's home in Riverdale,
N. Y., where she went to recuperate
from her Injury. She has entirely re
covered and walks without the slight
est limp. She left Chicago on crutches
and had to be carried to and from the
train.
"My case- is considered miraculous by
physiclans,"-sald Mrs. Carse. "The sur
geons in New York and Chicago agree
that my perfect restoration Is marvel
ous."
. "What method of healing did you em
ploy?" was asked. "Was it the faith
cure?"
"It was the prayer cure." Mrs. Carse
replied promptly. "I prayed and my
friends prayed. All the Women's Chris
tian Temperance women from coast to
coast united In petitioning God to make
me perfectly well, and he did. I can
walk as straight as any one."
vantage of a further straightening: of
the line by building the Lolo Pass route
and connecting; with the present : main
line at some • point In Montana,
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— The French
cruiser Jurif de la Graviere arrived
to-day from Sidney, Cape Breton, to
Join the other French warships which'
have been here for several days.
French Cruiser Reaches Gotham
This would have given the Milwau
kee road the best and shortest route
in existence from the Pacific seaboard
to the Mississippi River. . It would have
been hundreds of miles shorter than the
Northern Pacific's route; and. cut off a
day of the time now required from
Portland to St. Paul.
With the Milwaukee owners in con
trol of the Northern Pacific it Is pre
dicted that they will not .only proceed
with the- . Vancouver-Pasco cut-off,
making the main line from . Portland
to the East much shorter, but they will
not lose sight of, the tremendous ad-
These are the inevitable results of
the last year's manipulation of trans
continental railway interests. For
some time it has been known that the
owners of the Milwaukee road were
determined to tap Oregon and the
North Pacific Coast. The president of
the Milwaukee has been over the
ground and his surveyors have been
in the field. • .
The best . route possessed by any
transcontinental line lay open, running
along the Columbia and Snake rivers
to. the Clearwater. then up . that
stream, through Lolo Pass and east
ward to the nearest present terminus
of the Milwaukee in Nebraska or the
Dakotas.
PORTLAND, Oct. 7.— A direct rail
route for the Northern Pacific from
Portland to the East, a bridge across
the Columbia River at Vancouver,
more large docks on the Portland water
front and probably another steamship
line for this city— all of which leaves
Seattle and Tacomaon branch lines of
road, many miles "to the north of
through transcontinental line— will be
the result of the final settlement of the
Northern Securities merger case.
"Tuesday afternoon the citizens of
Morenci met and decided to give the
children Into the possession of the sis
ters, provided they would take them
direct to New York and not again at
tempt to place them with Mexicans.
This was assented to, and yesterday
the sisters departed with twenty-four
babies."
"At Morenci the following morning
the agent proceeded to give out the re
maining babes to the^ Mexican families.
Agent Swayne was asked to consent to
the adoption of the children by Ameri
can families who were worthy and able
to care for the little ones as they should
be cared for. This Swayne positively
refused to do, declaring that they must
go to the Mexican families or back to
New York.
The deceased leaves a wife, from
whom he separated some time ago,
and a daughter about 14 years of age.
Simms was well known here, and
though he got on occasional sprees he
bore a good reputation otherwise.
Mexican huts and demanded the babes.
In every case the Mexicans were willing
and glad to give them up. Several
Mexicans claimed, however, that they
had paid the agent for the white chil
dren and desired the return of their
money. The claim of the Mexicans that
money had been paid the agent is cor
roborated by several citizens of Clifton
and Morenci.
STOCKTON. Oct. 7. — Charles
Simms, arrested for complicity in the
holdup of the Hubbs roadhouse north
of Stockton a few nights ago, hanged
himself in his cell in the County Jail
some time last night. He was found
dead this morning by the jailer. He
had taken a chain off his bed, fastened
it about the grating of his cell and
with the aid of a piece of his sus
penders had looped the other end
about his neck. He then jumped from
a projection and was strangled to
death.
Stockton Man Charged With Robbery
Prefers Death to Disgrace Fol
lowing His Arrest.
"Race hatred never settled any
problem upon this earth. The way for
one race to show a greater degree of
superiority over another is by a greater
degree of kindness and of brotherly
love. No race is free indeed so long as
it is ruled by passion and brute force."
BOSTON, Oct. 7.— In a brief after
dinner speech, delivered before the
Peace Congress to-night, Booker T.
Washington arraigned the Belgian
Government for the outrages in the
Congo Free State, and stated that he
had evidence of abuse and cruelty and
said that a state of affairs existed that
was a blot on modern civilization.
"And these atrocities are committed
for the sake of wealth and self ag
grandizement," said the speaker. "Eu
rope should set a better example to my
people in Africa, I speak for them;
yes. as I speak for the black of Africa,
so do I speak for the white of Europe,
for no man can abuse another without
necessarily lowering all humanity.
"There is another condition, concern
ing which my race should have the
sympathy and help of such an organi
zation as this. There exists in our own
country mobs of men who are given
to lynching and burning men for sup
posed or real crimes without due
process of law. Nothing in the last ten
years has so rejoiced me as the senti
ment of certain parts of the South
within the last few weeks against this
form of outrage.
Booker Washington Condemns the
Outrages in Africa.
BELGIANS ARRAIGNED.
SAYS SHE
WAS CURED
BY PRAYER
PORTLAND
GAINS BIG
ADVANTAGE
ACCUSED HIGHWAYMAN
EN'DS HIS LIFE IX CELL
Such a note is beginning to be sound
ed throughout the country. It is the
Irirh Nationalist's reply to Chamber
lain's proposed determination to adopt
the Times' attitude of hostility to Irish
self government in any form.
DUBLIN, Oct. 7.— It has become clear
that if Chamberlain hopes to win the
support of the Irish party for his ns-,
cal campaign he would "better hasten
to conciliate Nationalist opinion with
reference to' home rule. To-day's
Freeman's Journal says: "There will
be a good many protectionists in
America this j'ear who will want to
know why Canadian wheat can come
free into the United Kingdom over
thousands of miles of ocean and yet
cannot cross the border between the
dominion and the republic except at
the price of heavy imposts.
"This situation is not one that either
the Republican party in America or
the Chamberlain party in England can
contemplate with enthusiasm. The toil
ing millions of England have reason to
congratulate themselves that they are
still able to get untaxed wheat and
ficur from foreign countries. It should
be remarked by Irishmen that Cham
berlain's proposed protection could In
no way benefit the agricultural inter
ests of Ireland, as in any event both
wheat and meat would be admitted un
taxed from Australia and Canada."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Oct. 7.— King Leopold of
Belgium was assailed for his policy as
sovereign of the Congo Free State by
E. T. • Morc-11 of England at a public
rreettiDB" this afternoon in connection
with the session of the International
Peace Congress. Morell charged that
the King was personally responsible,
in a large measure, for the cruelties
practiced on the natives of the Congo
Free State in the terrific endeavors of
monopolistic commercial organizations
to obtain from the country all the ivory
and rubber possible.
The King was defended by George
Herbert Head of Cambridge, England,
who submitted that King Leopold had
done all possible to stop the cruelties.
The Government policy in the Congo
was also bitterly denounced by Rev.
William Morrison, for seven years a
missionary in Africa.
The congress to-day accepted a re
port of the Committee on Propaganda,
recommending that the congress in
1903 be held at Luzerne, Switzerland.
One of the first things which the
congress did to-day was to adopt res
olutions, recommending that all na
tions enter into a treaty, insuring, in
case of dispute between countries, that
the differences would be submitted for
settlement to a court created by a
union of all the powers.
A dinner was given to-night at which
the foreign delegates were guests.
Speeches were made by Bishop Perci
val of England, Baroness von Suttener,
Booker T. Washington and others.
"The 1.10b there took nineteen chil
dren and placed them with American
people we know nothing about. They
if fused to listen to any explanation
.ind we are compelled to leave them
and bring the others. We will have
j to the law to get possession
<f them. The little ones we secured at
?.f-r«»nci will be taken back to New
York via Houston."
"At Clifton the mob threatened to
lynch me and I did not expect to get
out alive. The babies brought back
fere in a bad way from the excitement
and traveling and the nurses are al
most prostrated. As for myself, I am
mad from head to foot. It is a dis
grace to America. I saw no peace
nfficers there, nothing but mob law.
Everything went well until we reached
thf'SP places in Arizona. I was in ig-
H' ranee of anything pertaining to the
homes provided for tne babies, rely
ing upon the judgment of the priest
who is in charge of the parish. It de
veloped that he was only newly ar
rived in this country, having come
over from France eleven months ago.
We had the babies left at the homes
selected, which took three days between
the two towns, and were preparing to
leave, when both places were up in
arms over the matter. At Morenci. al
though we had some trouble, we man
aged to convince the people who were
ciamoring that it was a mistake, and
we went out and collected up the ba
bies again, placing them at the hotel.
At Clifton, which is a regular mining
camp, fully r thousand men armed
with revolvers and guns gathered at
the public library and held an indig
nation meeting. They afterward en
tered the rooms of the nurses and in
tuited the women, who have always
b**>n foremost in caring for the coun
try's sick and afflicted- They threaten
ed to lynch me and I was lucky to es
cape with my life.
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. 7.— G. Whiting
Swayce, agent of the New York
Foundling Asylum ana several Cath
olic Sisters, who took a carload of chil
dren to Arizona a few days ago for the
purpose of placing them in homes at
Clifton and Morenci. are on their way
with twenty-one of the unfortunate
little ones. Swayne and the sisters
had a thrilling experience with a mob
of armed men at Clifton. They also
had an exciting experience at Morenci.
The trouble was due to the fact that
The children were placed in the homes
pf Mexicans. Swayne describes his ex
perience in an interview to-day as fol
lows:
Held to Be in a Large Measure Re
sponsible for the Cruelties
'in the Congo.
His Proposed Determination to Adopt
a Hostile Attitude Calls Forth
a Note of Warning.
Indignant Citizens Meet and Refuse to
Permit Mexican Families to Adopt
the Little Waife.
King Leopold Is Scored by.
Delegate to the Inter
national Congress.
Must First Change Views
Concerning Irish Sell-
Government.
BaWes Taken to Arizona
Are Being Returned
to New York.
Threatened to Lynch
Man in Charge of
Foundlings.
Chamberlain Cannot
Expect Help Prom
Nationalists.
Treaty to Include
All Nations Is
Proposed.
ASK POWERS
TO JOB IN
PEACE PACT
HOME RULE
PARTY NOW
HOLDS WHIP
ANGRY MOB
GOES AFTER
THE AGENT
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty hour* tnilnc ir.ldnlgrht Octo
ber 8:
San TnndBco and vicinity— Showers
Saturday; fresh eouthwest wind.
<i. W. WILLSON. Local Forecaster,
Temporarily In Ch»ree.
The San Francisco Call.
* — : .
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "Camille. ' *
CALIFORNIA— "The Tenderfoot."
CENTRAL— "Dealers in White Wot
en."
CHUTES — Vaudeville.
COLUMBIA— "The Office Boy."
FISCHER'S — "Down the Line."
GRAND— "York State Folks."
LYRIC HALL— "Everyman."
MAJESTIC— "The Henrietta."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— "The Serenade."
Matinees at all theaters to-day.
¦!*¦ —
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 130.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1904.ST. LOUIS, Oct. 7.— The Republi
cans of the Twelfth Missouri District
have nominated Harry M. Coudrey of
St. Louis for Congress. '
Named for Congress In Missouri.
DENVER, Oct. 7. — The State Com
mittee of the People's party has
named John D.Merwln as candidate
for* Governor iti place of Prank W.
Owers. who withdrew.
For Governor of Colorado.
WATSONVILLE, Oct. 7. — The thor
ough canvags of the rural section of
Santa Cru* County, made by J. C.
Needham, Republican nominee for
Congressman from the Sixth District,
has somewhat discouraged his Demo
cratic opponent. Judge Conley, and the
latter has canceled the dates for two
of his country meetings, those, sched
uled for Soquel and Corralitos.
Two years ago Congressman Xeed
ham's majority in Santa Cruz County
was 441 votes. This year it promises
to go above the 600 mark.
Popularity of Needham Causes Can
cellation of Speaking Dates.
CONIiEY DISCOURAGED.
MILWAUKEE, Oct. 7; — The Na
tional Republican Stalwart State Cen
tral Committee this afternoon ratified
the selection of former Governor Sco
field to fill the vacancy caused by the
withdrawal of SamuelCook from the,
head of their ticket. The committee
also completed plans for carrying on
an aggressive campaign.
Scofield Replaces Cook at Head of
Stalwart Ticket.
TO OPPOSE IjA FOLXiETTE.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7. — The first con
ference between Judge Herrick, Demo
cratic candidate for Governor of New
York, and Judge Parker took place
to-day at the apartments of the latter.
Daniel S. Lamont and National Chair
man Taggart arrived shortly after
Judge Herrick. The four conferred at
length" concerning the State issues In
New York and the relations they bear
to the national campaign. At the con
clusion of the discussion Judge Park
er's callers departed, declining to talk
of the conference.
Two Candidates Confer on the Situa
tion in New York.
PARKER MEETS HERRICK.
Them is not the slightest doubt that Pres
ident Roosevelt will be re-elected. You receive
this assurance on all sides, prominent Demo
crats conceding that Parker is not strong:
enough to gain a lead. The people of the
East are satisfied • to let well enough alone.
A prominent lawyer of New York City, who
Is more or lees Identified with the Tammany
organization, told me that Tammany has no
hope of electing Parker. In fact, the organ
ization is devoting- Its attention to raining
strength in the city for the purpose of cap
turing the municipal plums. There is no great
enthusiasm shown by either party, which I
attribute to the fact that the Republicans are
certain of victory and the Democrats know
they have no chance.
At the Republican national headquarters,
where I met Mr. Cortelyou, I found the great
est confidence. During my round* I was nut
slow in discovering that the big gnna of the
Republican party In the East keenly appre
ciate the fact that California Is ably repre
sented In the campaign there by George
Knight, who Is working hard In the interests
of our standard bearer.
Joseph Spear Jr. Says Roosevelt's
Election Is Certain.
Joseph S. Spear Jr., Collector of the
Port, and his wife, who have been
abroad for four months.' returned to
San Francisco last evening and are
registered at the Palace. Collector
Spear arrived in New York on Sep
tember 19 and before starting on his
homeward overland Journey he met
many of the leading politicians in N'ew
York and other large Eastern cities,
from whom he gleaned much Infor
mation concerning the outcome of the
approaching: Presidential election. In
discussing the political situation Sir.
Spear said last evening:
GREAT CONFIDENCE IX EAST.
We know very we il that all the steel re
quired In shipbuilding here has to be trans
ported across the continent, and we know that
fuel costs more in San Francisco than at New
port News and In Pennsylvania: and, for niy
part,, I do not wish to see all of the future con
tract work" of the United States navy executed
on the Atlantic seaboard. I think of the hun
dreds of workers. whose homes are In this city
and whoso employment depends on the business
of our private shipbuilding plants; and I think
of the capital invested in those plants; and X
think of the trade of our city In general.
The fiehi for an elsht-hour day in olants
such as the Union Iron Works will be carried
on In Washington until It Is won. So will be
the flaht for enlarging the naval sun factory.
So will be the fight for, establishing a Gov
ernment factory for the manufacture of armor
plate. So will be the fight for giving to the
navy yards the larger share of the Govern
menfe shipbuilding, go will b* the fight for
reasonable control of the trusts. I have » no
doubt of It. Time and persistent persuasion
will win- for ub.
Moreover, I have ardently advocated going
further, than the building and repair of our
naval .vessels In the Government's yards;, for
In and- out of Congress I have stood for estab
lishing a Federal armor place factory and for
enlarging the naval gun factory at "Washington.
1 have not been natlsfled to *ee al! the armor of
our .navy manufactured by unscrupulous non
union private concerns, as is now the case,
and I havo not b«en content to Me the Gov
ernment turning over to extortionate ' privats
plants so much of the manufacture of our
naval armament as it has been doing.
I dd not wish to be understood as In favor
of crippling the Union Iron Works, the RIsdon
Iron Works or the Fulton Iron Works. It
has' semed to me Important that they receive
some of the Government's work, whatever may
be or. may become the resources of the navy
yards of the country; and I have stood and now
stand for giving them a fair «hare of what
ever contract work the Government withholds
from Its own plants. Accordingly, I spoke and
voted In the House of Representatives for a
return to the 4 per cent "differential"-equal
izing the difference between the cost of manu
facturing ahlDii on the Atlantic coast and the
cost- of manufacturing chip* on the Pacific
Coa»t..
Congressman E. J. Livernash ad
dressed the workmen of the Union
Iron Works during the noon hour yes
terday. He was listened to attentive
ly throughout his address, which
touched on matters directly affecting
the men that made up his audience.
In part he said:
The little tlnw we can be together Vo-day
will not liermlt an extsnded discussion of
public aflairs; but, as the men of thjs Union
Iron WorkK have a direct lmere*t in the use
made of the navy yards of / the country. I
shall devote most of my speech to the subject.
Xi.-ither as a mferober of Congress nor other-'
wise have I ever been opposed to the building
or the repair of ships in the navy yards of
the United States. On. the contrary, I have
at. all times been strongly in favor of giving
those yards the major part of the work of our
navy, under conditions preventive of the
abuses which In the long-ago characterized
some of them.
Congressman Addresses Workmen on
Matters of Interest to them.
HONOLULU. Oct. 7. — The orders of
the United States cruiser Buffalo, un
der which she was to sail for San
Francisco to-morrow, have been
changed and the cruiser will remain
here until further instructions are
received.
CHANGE MADE IN SAILING
ORDERS OF THE BUFFALO
The Election Commission yesterday
sent notices to ten additional prom
inent citizens notifying them of their
appointment as election officers to fill
vacancies in various precincts at fhe
election of November 8. Under the
law those notified have three days to
make reply. Unless they can give a
valid excuse the Election Commission
can compel their attendance at the
booths. The following received the
notices:
Wakefield Baker. Fifteenth Precinct of the
Forty-first District: Homer S. King. Eighth
Precinct of the Forty-Rrst District; 8. G.
Murphy. Fourteenth Precinct of the Forty
fourth District; J. K. Wilson, Second Precinct
of the Thirty-ninth District: Andrea Sbarboro.
Second Precinct of the Thirty-ninth District;
Sig Greenebauin. Ninth Precinct of the Forty
flrat District; Otto Jungblutt, Eleventh Pre
cir.ct of the Thirty-seventh District; Llpman
Sachs. Tenth. Precinct of the Forty-third Dis
trict; T. Carey Frledlander, Fourteenth Pre
cinct of the Forty-third District; William
Bourn, Tenth Precinct of tha Forty-first Dis
trict.
Election Commission Notifies Them of
Their Appointment as Election
Officers in Several Precincts.
OTHER PROMINENT CITIZENS
ARE SERVED WITH NOTICES
LIVERNASH AT IRON WORKS.
Last Saturday evening a John H.
Nelson club was organized at Wash
ington Squure Hall. The purpose of
the club is to work for the re-election
of Nelson to the Senate from the Twen
ty-fifth District. Charles H. Sommer
lad was elected chairman of the club;
B. E. Ullner, secretary; Louis Parenti,
vice chairman; George Young, second
vice chairman; George M. Grief, treas
urer, and George Seipp, sergeant at
arms. About a hundred members are
on the roll. The chairman will appoint
an executive committee and a cam
paign committee to canvass the dis
trict in behalf of Nelson.
many leading citizens regarding j the
political situation. He has not yet an
nounced the time of r his intended.de
parture.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7. — Miss Helen Da
vida Harper, daughter of President
William R. Harper of the University
of ' Chicago, has been married to
Charles S. Cribner Eaton at Mandel
Hall oh the "university campus. The
ceremony was read by the Rev. C. P.
Henderson, chaplain of the univer
sity.
Mfss Harper and Mr. Eaton were
students together in the university,
graduating in the clasa of 1900. After
graduating from the university Mr.
Eaton took the law course at Har
vard and is now practicing 1 In Chicago.
Becomes the Wife of Charles S. Eaton,
Who Was a Classmate at the
University.
respect to the ticket to be nominated
warf most remarkable. The names
agreed upon were: William L. Doug
las of Brockton, for Governor; John C.
Crosby of Pittsfield, for Lieutenant
Governor; Henry T. Schaeffer of Win
chester, for Secretary of State; Ed
mund C. Codman of Boston, for Treas
urer; John P. Leahy of Boston, for
Attorney General, and Francois X.
Tetraull of South Bridge, for State Au
ditor. The nominations were made
without a dissenting vote.
The platform adopted by the conven
tion indorses the national candidate and
platform; assails the protective tariff,
charging that the system of protection
is responsible for the prosperity of "the
huge industrial giants otherwise known
as 'infant industries,' basking peaceful
ly in the sunshine of the Dingley tariff,
content with the assurance that no Re
publican Government agent will 'run
amuck' or in any way disturb their
monopolistic tranquillity."
The platform also declares In favor
of Philippine independence.
The proceedings of the convention
closed with the adoption of resolutions
In memory of Senator Hoar.
BOSTON, Oct. 7.— The , Democratic
State Convention met here to-day and
nominated a complete State ticket and
Presidential electors, adopted a plat
form of principles and elected the
members at large of the Democratic
State- Committee.
Nathan was chairman of
the convention, and declared that the
prosperity with which certain indus
tries and sections of this country have
for some years been blessed is already
on the wane, and that there is a gen
eral and growing dissatisfaction with
the commercial policies which, with
other causes, are responsible for these
conditions. He said, in conclusion,
that at the present moment the com
mercial outlook for New England Is
darker than at any time since the war
of 1S12.
The unanimity of the leaders with
DAUGHTER OF PRESIDENT
HARPER NOW A BRIDE
Massachusetts Democrats Give
Douglas Gotaatorial
Nomination,
The joint harbor and shipping com
mittee, composed of representatives of
the commercial organizations of San
Francisco, met at the Chamber of
Commerce yesterday to discuss the
best method of advertising the neces
sity of favorable action on the pro
posed bond issue of $2,000,000 for the
extension of the sea wall. The people
of the State will vote on the question
at the November election and it is de
sired that every citizen understand
the general benefits that will be de
rived If the issue is favored.
After some discussion it was de
cided to send circular letters to the
voters requesting favorable action; to
get all postmasters in the State -. to
hang up posters explaining the need
of the bonds issue, and to print slips
to be distributed to all local business
firms, which will then insert them in
all letters dispatched between now
and November.
Commercial Men Will Undertake to
Have State's Voters Thoroughly
Understand Proposition.
TAKE TICKET
AGREED UPON
BY LEADERS
GOVERNOR OF MASSACHUSETTS.
I NOMINATED FOIt A THIRD
I TKRM BY THE REPUBLICANS.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7. — "There is no
such thing as the 'yellow peril,* of
which we have heard so much," said
Rev. George B. Smythe, secretary of
the Methodist Missionary Society, at
the session of the Rock River Con
ference In the Evanaton-avenue
Church to-day. "The war between
Japan and Russia," he continued, "is
not a religious war. Japan la awak
ening and I would rather trust her
paganism than Russia's so-called
Christianity."
Mr. Smythe. who has spent a score
of years in China and the Orient as a
missionary, told of atrocities on thd*
part of foreign nations, particularly
scoring the Germans and the French.
Rev. G. B. Smythe Says II© Wonld
Rather Trust .Japan** Paganism
Than Russia's Christianity.
MISSIONARY SCOUTS IDEA
OF THE YELLOW PERIL
The Fairbanks special train arrived
in Salt Lake City at 12:15 p. m., and
headed by a brass band Senators Fair
banks and Dolliver and the other mem-
'For my part." he said, "I think the
Republican party has everything to
pain and nothing to lose by the sys
tem. I trust to- the intuitive sense of
the women to catch and appreciate the
wisdom of Republican policies, for
these policies make for the improve
ment of the home as no other policies
can."
The party left here at 9:45 for Salt
Lake City.
SALT LAKE CITY. Utah, Oct. 7.—
As Senator Fairbanks' special train
was preparing to pull out of Brigham
a number of young women, employes
of an adjacent cannery, came up to
shake hands with Senator Fairbanks.
"'How many of you can vote?" asked
Senator Dolliver.
Only c-ne confessed that she was old
enough to exercise the franchise.
"Be sure you vote the Republican
ticket." paid the Senator.
"You can bet your life on that," was
the reply as the train left the station.
At Farmington Senators Fairbanks
and Dolliver made brief speeches from
the rear platform of the Edgemere,
and Senator Fairbanks shook hands
with the people there congregated. In
his speech at that point Fairbanks
spoke of the facility of the Republican
party for government, saying that it
amounts to genius, while he claimed
that, on the other hand, the Democratic
party is absolutely deficient in this re
spect. He urged the people of Utah to
stand by the party capable of best
handling the affairs of the Government,
saying that wise policies must benefit
all sections alike, while poor govern
ment must be equally hurtful to all.
MORMONS HEAR FAIRBANKS.
Senator Dolliver referred in his
speech to the fact that female suffrage
prevails in this State.
PAYS TRIBUTE TO WOMEN.
Senator Fairbanks made an appeal
for the f upport of the Republican ticket.
contending that only by keeping that
party in power could the highest de
gree of prosperity be attained. He made
no mention of the differences existing
among Republicans in this State, nor
did he refer to the question of polyg
amy. The anti-Mormon wing of the
party i?. however, quoting a sentence
from the Senator's speech at Ogden
last night as In support of their posi
tion. The passage is as follows:
""In the final analysis the American
home is the unit of the republic's
strength: that home wherein presides
one mother, where there is gathered
about the hearthstone faithful hearts
filled with love of the American flag
and with adoration for the institutions
of our fathers, which have been com
mitted to our highest and most loyal
keeping."
The Senator's speech here was cor
dially applauded, as were the speeches
of Congressman Smith and Senator
DoMiver.
BRIGHAM. Utah. Oct. 7.— Senator
Fairbanks spoke here this morning on
his arrival from Ogden, at which city
he spent Thursday night. He was ac
companied by Senator Dolliver of Iowa,
Senators Smoot and Kearns of Utah,
Congressman Smith of Iowa and a
large contingent of Utah's leading Re
publicans. The meeting was held in
the opera-house.
Senator Fulton rejoined the party at
Ogden. He had intended leaving for
his home in Oregon last night, but,
failing to get a train, decided to re
main with the Senatorial party for the
present.
A meeting was held in the opera
house here soon after 8 o'clock. Sen
ator Clark presided and speeches were
made by Senators Fairbanks, Dolliver
and Pulton and Representative Smith.
A conspicuous feature in the audience
was a body of forty young ladies, con
stituting, the Evanston Woman's Club
of first voters. The hall was crowded
and th« efeeches were all received
most* favorably.
Senator JDolliver Bpoke briefly, and
speaking of President Roosevelt, Sen
ator Dolliver said:
"We are running a man for President
to whom we had been introduced be
fore he became a candidate. He was
born in New York, but he got away as
soon as he could, and he is the first
man born in that city I ever heard of
who amounted to anything."
He then referred to Judge Parker,
eaying:
"If the Democrats go on lying about
Roosevelt I propose to tell the truth
about Parker.". | / - ;j '
The audience cheered when the Sen
ator expressed the opinion that Utah
had recovered from its "delusion on the
silver question."
After the meeting the Fairbanks par
ty was entertained at luncheon at the
Knutsford Hotel, at the conclusion of
which they left for Evanston, Wyo.
EVANSTON, Wyo., Oct. 7.— This
little city on the extreme western bor
der of Wyoming to-night holds within
its borders six United States Senators.
They are Messrs. Fairbanks, Dolliver,
Fulton, Kearns, Warren and Clark.
This is the home of Senator Clark and
he and Senator Warren, with a num
ber of other Wyoming Republicans,
met. Senator Fairbanks and party in
Utah and came in with them on the
Fairbanks special, which arrived here
shortly, after 7 o'clock.
The meeting was adjourned with
three rousing cheers for Roosevelt and
the Republican party.
McKinlay and Congressman Mc-
Lachlin arrived in San Rafael early
this afternoon and. notwithstanding the
fact that it rained in torrents, they
made an inspection of the water front
of San Rafael Both men were strongly
impressed with the situation, and hope
in the near future to make use of the
vast waterway surrounding this city.
bers of the party were escorted to the
Salt Lake Theater, where Senator Fair
banks addressed one of the largest
crowds seen on the trip' Governor
Heber M. Wells presided at the meet
ing. Besides the immedate members of
the party, seated on the stage with
Senator Fairbanks were Apostles John
Henry Smith and Lyman of the Mor
mon church. In the audience were
many Mormon leaders from all parts
of the country, who are here in attend
ance upon the semi-annual conference
of their church.
In his address Senator Fairbanks
spoke of the stability of Republican
policies, saying they are the same un
der Theodore Roosevelt as they were
under Abraham Lincoln. Not only,
however, should a Republican Presi
dent be elected, but a Republican Con
gress as well. "We can't run the gov
ernment of this country on one wheel,"
he said.
The chairman of the meeting was E.
B. Martinelli. Many prominent citizens
of San Raf#el and Marin County were
seated on the stage as vice presidents.
McKinlay was the first speaker. He
discussed the political issues for an
hour, explaining the doctrines and prin
ciples of the party and recited the
splendid advantages that have accrued
to the nation under Republican ad
ministrations.
He was warmly received, and the
hearty applause given him proved the
sentiments entertained toward him and
justified the claim that Marin 'County's
majority for him next month will ap
proach the thousand mark.
Congressman McLachlan was then
introduced and spoke briefly but forci
bly in behalf of McKinlay. at whose
instance, the speaker said, he had come
up to the Second Congressional Dis
trict to make a personal investigation
of the needs of this section. He said
he had gained much information that
could not be obtained from any amount
of reading. He urged the election of
McKinlay to Congress, advancing un
answerable arguments to Bupport his
requests. McKinlay was given., the
closest attention throughout his speech
and made a deep Impression upon every
one present.
Notwithstanding a heavy downpour,
the people of San Rafael turned out in
large numbers to-night to hear the
political issues discussed by Duncan E.
McKinlay, the nominee for Congress
from the Second District, and James
McLachlan.
The Opera-house was well filled with
an enthusiastic audience, which hearti
ly indorsed the sentiments of the speak
ers, breaking into applause at the men
tion of the names of Roosevelt and
Fairbanks. The enthusiasm was en
hanced by the string music of the
Fifth Regiment band.
Republican sentiment is very strong
in Marin County, and the adherents of
protection and prosperity in San Rafael
took occasion to show their, devotion to
the party. Prior to the opening of the
meeting the streets were illuminated in
a brilliant manner.
United States Senator Thomas R.
Bard, who arrived in the city Thursday
evening, is quartered at the Occidental
Hotel. Yesterday, he conferred, with
BARD MEETS CITIZENS.
The meeting in the evening filled the
opera-house to overflowing, the throng
standing on the stairway to hear the
splendid addresses. <Ex-Congressman
Frank L. Coombs presided and paid a
tribute to the worth and ability of the
party nominee. Enthusiasm was at a
high pitch, and the splendid resume of
national issues given by the principal
speaker received the closest attention,
being frequently interrupted by cheers.
His arguments were clean cut and
forcible, his illustrations appealing to
the audience with striking effect. He
disclaimed any purpose of appealing
for support on his personality, and
placed his candidacy on the broad plane
of party issues and principles. . •/ .
Mr. McKinlay was followed by Con
gressman McLachlan, who spoke main
ly on the issue of the tariff and its ef
fect on the industries of the country,
and especially of California. -Facts
within his own knowledge were ad-'
duced to substantiate his claims, and
his able address proved very convinc
ing.
Sentiment in Napa County shows a
strong trend toward McKinlay, who
will poll his entire party strength there
and who will also receive many Demo
cratic votes. A wager of J1000 oh his
election offered by a prominent Demo
crat has been up several' days
without takers. The Democracy Is dis
heartened, as shown by the fact that
but one man from Napa attended the
Fifth Senatorial District Convention in
Vallejo Thursday. The Republicans/on
the other hand, are well organized' and
enthusiastic. Ben Rush, Jhe Republi
can nominee, will carry the district by
an overwhelming majority.
The McKinlay-Belshaw. Republican
Club was organized at Corte Madera
last evening, sixty-four members sign
ing the roll. The officers chosen were
George A. Dodge, president; Messrs. E.
C. Chapman.' J. C Perry and J.v-.W.
Do-lllver, vice presidents, and Charles
J. Wall, . secretary. Speeches.: were
made by Messrs. Dodge, Chapman and
Perry and the meeting adjourned at a
late hour with three rousing cheers for
Roosevelt and sound money. •
For the purposes in view the Repub
licans have rented two floors of the
Sacramento Pythian Castle in which
they will hold their meetings. At the
meeting of the 19th inst., one floor of
the castle will be given over to the
ladies of Republican affiliation and
there they will hold a merry social,
winning votes with womanly logic
while they entertain their guests with
a musical programme and refresh
ments.
At the same time their husbands,
sweethearts, fathers and brothers will
be doing politics^in the. good old-fash
ioned way on the other floor. A pro
gramme has been prepared, speakers
have been selected and all looks well
for the success of the venture. Bert
Cavanagh will preside at the men's
meeting and see that the enthusiasm
is kept at the flood. All indications
point to a Republican majority in Sac
ramento of 1000.
The reception tendered Mr. McKinlay
in Napa Thursday was a striking dem
onstration of the sentiment prevailing
at the home of his opponent and a fit
ting evidence of the appreciation given
the worth and ability of the Republican
nominee. Mr. McKinlay, accompanied
by his wife and James McLachlan, ar
rived in Napa before noon arid spent
two hours visiting the Napa State Hos
pital. Upon coming to town Mrs. Mc-
Kinlay Was tendered an informal re
ception by a number of members of the
Ladies' Aid Society of the Presbyterian
church. Mr. McKinlay made a tour of
the tanneries, factories and business es
tablishments of Napa, gaining many
friends during the afternoon.
MEETING IS A BIG ONE.
Interest in the contest in the Second
Congressional District is increasing as
the campaign grows on. Latest reports
show that there is a solid Republican
alignment for Duncan E. McKinlay
and that he is making steady gains.
Sacramento is going to inaugurate an
interesting series of meetings on the
19th inst. on behalf of Roosevelt and
Fairbanks and Mr. McKinlay. These
affairs will be unique in the history of
campaigning in California.
LADIES WILL LEND AID.
The Republican Congressional cam
paign will be enthusiastically opened
at the Alhambra Theater Saturday
evening, October 15. Julius Kahn,
candidate for Congress from the
Fourth, and A. E. Hayes, candidate
from the Fifth District, will address the
meeting, which promises to be not only
interesting from a political stand
point but entertaining as well.
The blare of bands and the crackling
of bonfires will tell the people that the
night for the meeting is at hand. In
addition to the speeches of the candi
dates and others there will be music,
songs and various entertaining feat
ures within the theater and a vote
winning night is anticipated. From
that evening on through the campaign
the Congressional fight will be carried
on with vigor and the Republicans are
confident of reclaiming the Fourth and
Fifth districts. On Wednesday, the
19th inst., Julius Kahn will address the
voters of the Forty-fifth Assembly
District at Steimke Hall. Other dates
of meetings at which the Congressional
nominees will speak have not yet been
announced.
Special EHspatch to The Call
Hearty Cheers Given to Can
didate Show Him to Be
Strong in 3Iarin County
Shows That Prosperity
of the Nation Is Due
to the Policy of the
Republican Party
Napa Pays Him Tribute and
Sacramento Republicans
Are Working in His Behalf
3IcKINLAY IS GAINING
The authorities regret thf dangerous
feature of the raft and the fighting in
deep water and this, perhaps, will not
be allowed to occur as a part of a sub
sequent annual rush.
For three hours the battle raged ami
ended with the sophomores dividing
among themselves the shreds of their
great red Hag, which had been the sub
ject of the most strenuous class fight
ever held here.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7. — A dispatch to
the Chronicle from Madison, Wls.,
says: Six hundred students of the
University of Wisconsin have been
ducked in the waters of Lake Mendota.
In the annual university freshman
sophomore rush. No one was drowned
and the most serious injuries were nu
merous wrenched joints and a four
inch rash in the head of a freshman,
received from a boathook in the hands
of a sophomore, while defending the
second year class flag raft, 400 feet out
in the lake.
*.
PLAN ADVERTISEMENT
OF SEA WALL BOND ISSUE
The last vote on amendments took
place at a special election held in De
cember, 1902. Two years will not have
elapsed, therefore, when the November
election occur?.
The association makes no objection
to the amendments, but simply wishes
to have the vote taken legally.
The law provides that constitutional
amendments shall be submitted to the
people for approval not oftener than
once in two years. There is some doubt
as to whether this means the voting
shall not take place oftener than once
in two years or that the Legislature
shall finally ratify amendments only
biennially. The association feels that
the making of amendments to the char
ter is of such an important nature that
a vote should not be taken unless it is
clear that the decision of the people
will be final. 3
At a meeting of the Merchants' As
sociation held yesterday it was decided
that the organization should take a
stand against the submission of the
proposed charter amendments to the
voters at the approaching election. The
legal advisers of the association have
been canvassing the situation for sev
eral weeks and it is their opinion that
there is a doubt about the legality of
holding such an election now. A com
munication setting forth the position of
the city's business men in the matter
will probably be sent to the Board of
Supervisors at an early date.
CITY IS ILLUMINATED
MAKES APPEAL
TO THE VOTERS
Wrenched Joints and Gashed
Head Only Injuries in
Freshman-Soph Struggle
Kalin and Hayes Prepare to
Open Active Campaign at
the Alhanibra Next Week
Board of Supervisors Will
J5e Requested to Refrain
From Pressing Question
Voters of San Eafael Turn
Out in Large Numbers to
Greet Nominee for Congress
The nominee for Governor is now
completing his second teem as Gov
ernor. . . ¦;.-• . — .,-. . .-* .¦: ,. -
The following ticket was then nom
inated: Governor, John L. Bates;
Lieutenant Governor, Curtis Guild Jr.;
Secretary of State, William M. Olin;
Treasurer and Receiver General, Ar
thur D. Chapin; Auditor, Henry E.
Turner; Attorney General, Herbert
Parker.
We believe that still further measures should
be taken toward negotiating reciprocity
treaties with foreign countries and especially
with Canada and Newfoundland, upon 8uch
terms and conditions as will secure an en
largi'irent of our foreign trade, for the. com:
mon benefit of our principle wherever recipro
cal arrangements can be effectPd consistently
with the principles of protection and without
Injury to American asrlculturp. American la
bor, American Industries, or when, as Presi
dent Roosevelt said In his message of 1902.
"the minimum damage done may be disre
garded for the sake of the maximum of good
accomplished."
The speaker, referring to Judge
Parker's letter of acceptance, in which
.Parker declared he would reduce the
army and navy to a point sufficient
only for the protection of the country,
paid he would like to know where
Parker would draw the line. "On this
question of the standing army," said
Moody, "I can only call your attention
to the statements of General Miles at
the peace congress yesterday that in
his opinion the army of the United
States was what it should be, and,"
added the speaker, "General Miles is
a man of peace."
The resolutions adopted commend
the administration of President Roose
velt and pledge unswerving support to
thtj national ticket; indorse the entire
platform of the Republican National
Convention at Chicago, particularly
those planks in favor of the main
tenance of the gold standard and con
tinues:
BOSTON, Oct. 7.— The Republican
State Convention met to-day and nom
inated a State ticket and Presidential
electors. Attorney General William H.
Moody was elected permanent chair
man and in his speech paid an elo
quent tribute to the late Postmaster
General Payne. He reviewed the Re
publican administration, commencing
with the election of President McKin
ley in 1§96, which he characterized as
the beginning of an epoch that is not
yet ended. He predicted victory in the
coming election, basing his claim upon
the achievements of Republican na
tional administrations.
In referring to the question of reci
procity with Canada, Moody said: .
It is of the Highest Importance to this coun
try and to the world that the two English
speaking nations shrnild forever remain at
p*ace, and for that reason It Is important that
our relations with England's great dependency
to the northward should be and continue har
monious. 1 think I may safely assure you
that In the near future this Government will
asraln invite Canada to consider In a , friendly
spirit our trade relations.
SIX HUNDRED IN FIGHT
STATUTE IS AMBIGUOUS
CONGRESSIONAL
NOMINEES BUSY
GIVE McKlNLAY
WARM GREETING
Governor Bates Is Nominated
for Third Term by Republicans
Large Crowds Gather
at Salt Lake and
Bingham to Greet
Roosevelt's Mate
Merchants' Association Is
in Favor of Postponing
Election on Amendments
University of Wisconsin
Students Battle in the
Water for Three Hours
FAIRBANKS' TOUR THROUGH UTAH IS ENDED
BAY STATE PARTIES CHOOSE THEIR CANDIDATES
WILL PROTEST
AGAINST VOTE
COLLEGE RUSH
ON DEEP LAKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1904.
2
PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
The American Girl.
WHAT MAKES HER POPULAR.
Tbe American girl is admired and liked
at home and abroad because she is the
happiest, usually tbe healthiest and friend-
liest of girls. She is fond of life and is
alive to everything: beautiful and good in
existence. Mrs. Laogtry has said that the
Americas woman has little to learn from
her English sisters.
Dr. Pierce, the specialist in women's dis-
eases, of Buffalo, N. Y., advises simple ex-
rrcises for women, preferably is the out-
door air. But many_ women are confined
t.> the house asd their household duties or
Iheix business confine* them to poorly ven-
tilated rooms.
If a woman suffers from a headache, a
backache, a sensation of irritability or
twitching and uncontrollable nervousness,
something must be wrong with the head or
back, ste naturally says, but all the time
ihe real trouble very often centers in the
•womanly organs. In 9S per cent of cases
the seat of the difficulty is here, and a
woman should take rational treatment for
its cure. Tbe local disorder and inflamma-
tion of the delicate special organs of the
sex ebould be treated steadily and system-
atically. • ,
Backed op by orer a third of a century of
¦remarkable and uniform cdres, a record
such as so other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women erer
attained, the proprietors and makers of Dr.
Pierre's Favorite Prescription now feel f nlly
warranted in offering to pay $500 for^ny
case of Iveucorrbea, Female Weakness, Pro-
lapsus, or Falling- of Womb which they
cannot cure. All they ask is a fair and
iccasosable trial of their acaas of coze. •-
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative, Bromo Quinine Tablet*. AH
rirujrglMs refund . the • money If It fails - to cure.
E.-'WV Grove's signature la on , each box.': 25c.*
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your aniffKlBt will refund /money If PAZQ OINT-
atENT falls to cure you in 6 to 14 days:. 60c. •
ADVEJSTISEMENTS.
"All right," said the Mill,
"I understand you want
to be ground just right or
. there will be trouble. I'll
do my part and see that
you are "granulated,* not
* pulverized,' as you pass
through me. I know that
coffee ground too fine
tastes bitter. Skip along
and keep your date with
Kettle."
Nothing 1 iomm with GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE bat satisfaction. N»
prises — ¦• coupon* — mo crockery.
1 -nd 3 lb. aroma-tlifht Has.
Nev.r sold la balk.
J. A. Folger (£L Co,
Established Half a Centurr
' San Francisco
A Bad Stomach
Lessens the usefulness and mars tha
happiness of life.
It's a weak stomach, a stomach that
can not properly perform its functions.
Among Its symptoms are distress after
eating, nausea between meals, heartburn,
belching, vomiting, flatulence and' ner-
vous headache.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Cures a bad stomach, . Indigestion, and
dyspepsia, and the cure is permanent. .
?ccept no substitute.BLOCKADE NOT EFFECTIVE.
Number of Messengers Succeed In
K' Getting Into Besieged City.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 8, .8:05 a.
Our Eastern selection . of frames and
moldings for fall trade • now In. better
and more beautiful than ever before.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
Picture Frames.
Japanese Say Shells Pierced Four
. Russian Vessels at Port Arthur.
TOKIO, Oct. 7.— It is reported here
that the fire of the Japanese land bat
teries severely damaged four Russian
warships in the harbor of Port. Arthur.
It is added that one of the vessels was
completely wrecked. The names of
none of , the ships are given.
REPORT WARSHIPS DAMAGED.
TACOMA, Oct. 7.— Jesse B. Sutton,
aged 76 years, president of the Puget'
Sound Savings Bank of this city,
dropped dead while talking at the tele
phone this afternoon.
with a substitute to report his absence,
which the substitute failed to do. His
captain, 'Michael Boden, testified to
the excellent record Kenny held in the
department. The Commissioners post
poned action on the case.
Tacoma Banker Drops Dead.
The Sishan Is a steel screw steamer
of 1351 tons and is owned by Thomas
W. Richardson of London.
Japanese Capture Supplies Intended
for Relief of Port Arthur.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 7.— The British
steamer Sishan, from Hongkong, has
been seized by the Japanese off New
chwang. •
The Sishan carried a cargo of cattle
and flour, intended for Port Arthur.
BRITISH STEAMER SEIZED.
WALMER CASTLE, Kent, England,
Oct 8. — Lady Curzon was yesterday
seized with chilliness and gave other
indications that a crisis is at hand. It
appears there was some secretion that
had possibly been overlooked in :he
first operation or that formed tsubse
quently, which led to apprehension
that a second operation for peritonitis
might be necessary, and hence the hur
ried summoning of the specialists
from London. Early this morning, it
is said, the condition of Lady Curzon
continues grave.
LADY CURZON HAS SUDDEN
TURN FOR THE WORSE
VLADIVOSTOK, Oct. 7.— Russians
who have just returned here from
Korea say the Koreans, es
pecially In the southern prov
inces, are greatly incensed at the high
handed actions of the Japanese, who
seize the young men. cut their hair,
place them in Japanese uniforms and
compel them to enter the ranks. The
population, it is added, is now favor
able to the Russians.
The harvest in Northern Korea has
been exceptionally good.
High-IIaiidcd Actions of Japanese
Greatly Incense Them.
The Board of Fire Commissioners,
sitting as the Pension Fund Board,
yesterday afternoon heard the claim
of J. D. Harrington, a machinist em
ployed at the Corporation Yard, for
a pension during the period of his ill
ness resulting from injuries caused by
falling from a ladder while at work in
the yard.
The Pension Board decided that al
though the claim might be a just one,
the status of Harrington as a mem
ber of the Fire Department was not
quite clear, so the case was referred
to the City Attorney.
Harrington showed that he was a
member of the relief companies or
ganized to supplement the main force
on the occasion of a general alarm.
This caused a joking refernce by Com
missioner Parry to "phantom compa
nies," whereupon President Boyne en
tered Into a tirade against one of the
afternoon papers, that had accused
him of organizing the so-called com
panies.
The widow of Edward F. Dougherty
was granted a pension by the Board
of Fire Commissioners. Dougherty
was the engineer on engine No. 37,
and was fatally injured while on his
way to a flre on August 13, 1902. He
died September 7, 1903, and a question
was brought up as to the reading of
the- law. The Commissioners decided,
however, to allow the pension.
Acting Lieutenant F. H. Kenny was
before the Commissioners on charges
of absence from duty without permis
sion and failure to obey orders. . He
left his post at a downtown flre, and
was not heard ; from for a week. It
was subsequently learned that he had
been sick and had made arrangements
Technicality of an Employe's Status
Referred to City Attorney Be
fore Action Is Taken.
KOREANS ARE ANGRY.
PENSION FUND BOARD
HEARS FIREMEN'S CLAIMS
Smolensk Arrives Off Harre. "
HAVRE. France, Oct. 7. — The Rus
sian volunteer fleet steamer Smolensk
arrived in the roads to-day from tha
Mediterranean. [¦:>*..
COQUILLE CITY, Or., Oct. 7.—Min
ers just arrived from the Beaver Hill
coal mine say that an electric spark
from a motor in the sixth level caused
an explosion yesterday afternoon which
seriously burned the motorman and
bucker and set flre to the entire mine.
Mine Superintendent Chandler In a
conversation over the telephone to
night admitted that a few sets of tim
ber caught flre, but denied that an ex
plosion had occurred. The Beaver Hill
mine is one of the richest coal proper
ties in this State, and if the conflagra
tion is as serious as reported the dam
age will run into the millions.
Red Eyes and Eyelids. Granulated
Eyelids and other Eye troubles cured by.
Murlne Eye Remedy. •
EXPLOSION STARTS FIRE
IX BEAVER HILL MINE
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 7.— The
question of sending the Baltic Sea fleet
to the Far East by way of Cape Horn
is advocated by a strong party at the
admiralty on the ground t,hat after
passing the Strait of Magellan their
progress could not be dogged and re
ported by cable. The colliers could
rendezvous in the South Seas at some
Pacific island. The main risk would
be that in the vast stretch the vessels
might be beaten off their track and the
danger of a serious breakdown of some
of the ships, although the transport
Kamchatka is equipped with ap
pliances for making extraordinary re
pairs.
The selection of this route would be
tantamount to a decision not to reach
Vladivostok in the spring, a long voy
age requiring economical speed for at
least four months.
New Route Is Proposed for Russia's
Baltic Fleet.
MAY GO BY THE HORX.
Ex-Senator Henry G. Davis may
a children's home at Richmond,
Va.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— Rumors that a
plot was on foot to destroy a public
school in the upper East Side to-day
caused a riot of several hundred Ital
ian mothers of the pupils requiring
a force of police reserves to quell the
disturbance. The women, who feared
that their offspring were to be de
stroyed, stormed the school entrance
and had not a policeman and the jan
itor slammed and locked the heavy
doors in their faces the mob would
have stormed the building! A dozen
did get inside and excited the pupils
with shrill cries. Those on the outside
joined in the uproar and the situation
was rapidly becoming serious when a
patrol wagon loaded with reserves
reached the scene. Finally the women
were driven away, end after the 1900
children in the school had been quieted
they were sent home.
Report That Building Was
to Be Burned and Pupils
Killed Causes Small Kiot
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 7.— According to
officers engaged in investigating tha
assassination of Robert Gates, the well
known Northern Montana trapper, who
was found dead on the shores of Swan
Lake with two bullet holes in hia
breast, the murderer 13 oelieved to be
Thomas O'Reilly, one of the alleged
assassins of Dr. Cronln. the Chicago
millionaire. O'Reilly, who was known
as an artist, was the only one of tha
alleged murderers of Cronin to escapa
the officers, and has been a fugitive
ever since.
Deputy Sheriff Jack Donahua no-w
declares his belief that O'Reilly, alias
Riley, is the fugitive wanted In tha
noted Chicago case. O'Reilly leads tha
life of a hermit, being suspicious of
strangers, and is always armed. Hla
artistic abilities are a matter of com
ment among his neighbors. Rlley had
a quarel with Gates over some fishing
tackle and swore vengeance upon thai
trapper.
Gates was shot from ambush as ha
sat fishing. His dog stood guard over
the body two days before It was dis
covered.
Special Dispatch to Th« Can.
Officers Believe Slayer of
Gates Was Implicated in
the Chicago Assassination
MOTHERS STORM
PUBLIC SCHOOL
YOUNG WIFE WHOSE BRIEF
WEDDED BLISS HAD A SUDDEN
AND PATHETIC ENDING.
Mrs. Modica is a daughter of J. B.
Carrington of 431 Bartlett street, this
city, and was a sister of the late Car
roll Carrington, well remembered as a
writer and editor. Frank B. Modica
was 30 years of age, president of the
Harbeson-Modlca Manufacturing Com
pany, and well known in Kansas City.
His mother and two sisters reside in
Chicago, and the body will be taken
there for burial. Modica was taken ill
at Salt Lake City while on his journey
East and died at the residence of E.
C. Minsener in Kansas City shortly
after his arrival there.
The story of the meeting of Mls3
Clorine Carrington and Frank B.
Modica, and their speedy courtship and
marriage was one of the romances of
Conclave week.. Miss Carrington, who
was but 19 years of age, was intro
duced to Sir Knight Modica on a Mar
ket-street car during the merry days
of the Conclave. They at once became
fast friends and the old, old story was
told again. Love at first sight it cer
tainly must have been, for each came
to the conclusion that without the
other this world would be a wilderness.
Cupid must have worked overtime, for
on September 19 a license was issued
and Justice of the Peace Dunn spoke
the words which made them husband
and wife. A wedding breakfast was en
joyed at the Palace Hotel, where the
couple spent their brief honeymoon.
It was but a few days after the mar
riage that Modica was called East on
business. His wife bade him good
by, arranged to m'eet him in the East
and with a parting kiss wjshed him
godspeed. It was the final parting.
The au revoir proved to be farewell
forever. When the bride of a few
weeks stepped from the train at Kan
sas City expecting to meet her husband
she was informed that she was a
widow.
Few brides have had the unfortunate
experience of Mrs. Frank B. Modica,
who met the man fate seemed to have
chosen for her, married him after a
brief courtship, was separated from
him owing to business engagements,
journeyed East to join him, and In
stead of being clasped in his loving em
brace was informed that he was dead.
CRONIN MURDER
CASE RECALLED
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 8. — Tha
first troops of the imperial guard left
St. Petersburg to-night for the front.
They consisted of the second division
of the Finland guards, of which tha
Czarevitch is honorary colonel.
•: r.
Imperial Guards Go to Front.
"There are twenty gangs of riveters
working on the battleship, which is
about 20 per cent completed. One of
the riveters late yesterday afternoon
must have dropped a hot rivet, or per
haps a splinter fell from a rivet and
landed in the sawdust. A flre ensued
and continued to smoulder until dis
covered toward midnight. The damage
to the ship amounts to nothing."
It was erroneously reported last night
that the fire had occurred on the
cruiser Washington.
CAMDEN. N. J.. Oct. 7. — General
Manager Hill of the New York Ship
building Company to-day made the
following statement concerning the fire
last night on the battleship Kansas, in
course of construction at the yards:
"There was positively nothing sus
picious about the fire on the Kansas.
As a matter of fact, the blazes are not
unusual and can hardly be prevented.
The fire occurred in a lot of sawdust
that had been thrown about one of the
tanks. This is done after the tanks
have been filled with water to test
them, the sawdust being used to dry up
the fcurface of the tanks and show any
leak.
Blaze on Cruiser in Process of Con'
struction Said to Have Caused
No Damage.
FIRE OX THE KANSAS
DUE TO AN ACCIDENT
The first board of inquiry merely
went into the preliminary details, but
the second sitting resulted In an order
for sweeping: changes of employes. The
transfers do not necessarily mean that
every man assigned to another post is
under suspicion, but simply that the
administration is determined to have
the transport service clear of any
scandal.
The resignation of Harry T. Scott,
purveyor of the army transport ser
vice, was not due to the difficulties that
resulted 'from his recommendation of
certain men for deckhands on a trans
port. Scott had, several months prior
to the trial of the case, arranged to
become a partner in the Western "Ware
house Company. The true inwardness
of the employment cases lies in the in
vestigation that is soon to be con
ducted from Washington, concerning
which, however, nothing Is officially
known at the local army headquarters
or by the quartermaster.
Certain witnesses, perhaps reliable
and perhaps otherwise, have reported
that jobs on transports have been for
sale for months past and that the
money was not demanded by employ
ment agents, either. Another question
for investigation, and it is now In the
hands of the War Department, is the
bleeding of soldiers and officers by
transport employes, who have made a
practice of "holding out" food provided
by the Government to which the army
is entitled and selling it to the men.
Captain Charles Baker will have
charge of the quartermaster's depot at
Manila. Clerk Knox has been dis
charged,' ostensibly for Intoxication,
and a wholesale transfer of men has
been going on. Though not the slight
est shadow of suspicion can be cast
upon Depot Quartermaster Devol, in
the general shakeup that is to come It
is expected that he will be promoted to
an Eastern station.
An Eastern man is now on his way
here to take Captain Baker's place and
he Is said to have authority to 'ook
into certain papers purporting to be
copies of correspondence and books
that show a cleverly devised system of
"stand-in" and "graft" that may seri
ously affect the records of some of the
Government employes and which has
cost the Government hundreds of thou
sands of dollars. U'-.v
A clean sweep of the local transport
and quartermaster's service Is ex
pected.
PRELIMINARY QUERIES.
clerk named Knox and a third clerk
whose name is not given in the Wash
ington records, concerning the con
tract of the Morton Transfer Company
with the depot quartermaster and the
chief commissary for hauling. It ap
pears that when the contract was let
to Morton some time ago to haul mer
chandise, household goods and ma
chinery to and from the transport
deck at Folsom street to the Presidio
and elsewhere, there were several bid
ders, who put in figures for transpor
tation at a stated price "per ton." The
Morton figure was for so much "per
haul."
Bills for amounts, running well into
the thousands, accrued and are part of
the transportation records as compiled
for the first army transport Investiga
tion by Inspector General Chamberlain
and Colonel Maus. When the com
plaint was made to Quartermaster Gen
eral Humphrey at Washington it was
said that through the connivance of
certain clerks it had been made possible
for teams to haul and rehaul gocis —
light loads at that— for which good
prices were paid by the department.
Household furniture is said to have
been moved to the Presidio one day
and back the next and trucks that were
capable of carrying tons were not bur
dened with more than a few hundred
pounds.
Merchandise was carted from pillar
to post, so the report goes, and was
never allowed a peaceful stacking-up
for any length of time in any one stor
age place.
PENDLETON. Ore.. Oct. 7.— A local
flour mill to-day received an order from
Hongkong for 80,000 sacks (2000 tons)
of flour, which is said to be for tha
Japanese Government. Twenty thou
saud sacks of this will be sent this
month by way of Portland and the bal
ance from Tacoma and Seattle. Tha
same mill has just completed a ship
ment of 60,000 sacks for Oriental ports.
Coast Flour for Japan.
"On October 4 a few of the enemy's
covalry approached the vicinity of
Aiysangpienmen, but our force drove
them off. The enemy, with a battalion
of infantry, eleven squadrons of cav
alry -and five guns, advanced toward
Shaliuhatzu on October 4 and retreated
toward Huangshan October 5. In this
direction there were only two or three
of our squadrons of cavalry, whose out
post lines extended between Niaokou
shan and Wangchiafen. The Russian
Infantry heading the column wore Chi
nese costumes.
"On October 4 a small body of the
enemy attacked our pickets at Pintait
zu and on the Mukden road and were
repulsed. The enemy left his dead and
rifles behind. All the enemy wore Chi
nese clothing.
. "Four squadrons of Russian cavalry
came to Sunshutsuitzu, on the Fushan
road, October 3 and remained there un
til the morning of October 5.
j "The enemy's cavalry patrols have
been seen south of Wullchies and
Lungwangiao, but they retreated north
to Lutoakow, leaving infantry patrols.
"A detachment of the enemy's cav
alry, with three guns, October 4 ad
vanced toward Shiotai, and taking up
a position at Tatai fired on our troops
north of Yental.
"The enemy posted at Changtan, on
the right bank of the Hun River, has
retired, leaving a small force there.
There are no troops of the enemy In
the neighborhood of Talotaltzu. A small
force of the enemy recently attacked
our outpost on the left bank of the Hun
River, but was driven back." -
TOKIO, Oct. 7.— The imperial head
quarters issued a report to-day of the
recent Russian military movements and
skirmishes with the Japanese south of
Mukden, as follows:
Russians Fall Back After Repeated
Outpost Engagements.
SKIRMISHES NEAR MUKDEX.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 7.— Emba*.
sador McCormick, who has been grant
ed leave of absence to go to the United
States on urgent private business, left
St. Petersburg to-night. Before going
he had an Interview with Professor da
Martens, who Is a member of the Ad
miralty Appeal Court. The sessions of
this court will be open to the public,
except when communications from for->
eign governments are to bo submit*
ted.
McCormick Coming Home.
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
to Vladivostok.
German Vessel Carries General Cargo
TSINGTAU, Oct. 7. — The German
steamer -Progress, which left here
twenty-six days ago with a general
cargo consigned to Vladivostok, re
turned from that port to-day and re
ported that she found It easy to elude
the Japanese ships in that vicinity. She
reported that a number of large ships
have been there recently with stores of
coal and ammunition. The city of
Vladivostok is Quiet, but the Russians
seem depressed over their land and se.a
reverses.
Vladivostok Is being heavily fortified,
the harbor Is being mined and repairing
of the damaged ships 13 going on. It
is believed that it will be impossible to,
put the armored cruiser Rossia in a
seaworthy condition.
It is reported in Vladivostok that
General Kuropatkin has been very ill
and unable to personally command his
army since the battle of Liaoyang.
Russian officers at Tsingtau are re
sponsible for the statement that ammu
nition and guns from the protected
cruiser Diana have reached Port Arthur
from Saigon. The Germans here do not
believe the story.
It Is claimed that the expected dash
of the Port Arthur fleet has been frus
trated by the terrific storms which have
prevailed this week.
The British collier Howick Hall is
here, discharging a cargo of coal to
the German ship Emma. The latter is
expected to make an attempt to reach
Port Arthur within a few days.
NO NEWS OF SEA FIGHT.
Russian Dispatch Tells of Heavy Fir
ing Off Port Arthur.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 7.— The
only reference to the reported sea fight
oft Port Arthur is contained in a de
layed special dispatch from Chefu,
which says that on the night of Octo
ber 5 the sound of firing was heard in
the direction of Port Arthur, and that
searchlights were seen to be working
in that vicinity. It is thought there
may have been a battle, but no con
firmation of the report of one has been
received.
The captain of the British steamer
Chenan, which was stopped by a Japan
ese cruiser while on her way to Chefu
from Taku, but was allowed to pro
ceed after her cargo had been exam
ined, has made a protest against the
way he was boarded and searched on
the high seas.
RUSSIANS NERVOUS WRECKS.
Captain of the Rossia Broken Doato
by the Tension.
CHELIABINSK, Russia. Oct. 7. —
Captain Andreieff of the Russian ar
mored cruiser Rossia of the Vladivos
tok squadron passed through Chelia
binsk on x October 6 on his way to
Eastern Russia. He is suffering from
acute nervous prostration, the result
cf terrific tension during the naval
fight on August 14 with the Japanese
fleet under Admiral Kamimura, fol
lowing the departure of the Rossia,
Gromoboi and Rurik from Vladivos
tok.
The same ailment affects many of
the wounded, who are being invalided
home and who look like living
corpses.
GALE ON CHINA SEA. •
Storm Xow Raging Prevents Com
munication With Port Arthur.
LONDON. Oct. 8.— The Dally Tele
graph's Chefu correspondent, cabling
under date of October 7, says that the
gale is preventing communication with
Port Arthur.
Korean Army May Be Disbanded.
TOKIO. Oct. 7.— Lieutenant General
Hasegawa, late commander in chief of
the Imperial Guards division, departed
for Korea to-day to assume command
of the Japanese forces there. It is
probable that the Korean army will be
disbanded or brought under Japanese
ELUDES JAPANESE SHIPS.
Transport Service
Irregularities
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Oct. 7.— The
Stracy Hotel, in South St. Joseph,
burned this morning, four 'persons los
ing their lives. The dead are:-
LAFAYETTE FREW, aged 50, spec
ulator in livestock.
C. F. Norton, aged 35, employe of
Stockyards Company.
JOSEPH DILLINGHAM, aged 50,
livestock speculator.
MRS. ANNA WESTON of Gentry
County, Mo., a guest.
GILBERT WESTON. 13 years old,
son of Mrs. Anna Weston. fatally
burned, and William Simmons, a cattle
buyer, was badly hurt by jumping
from a third-story window. The flre
started in the kitchen of the hotel,
which was a frame building. The
guests and boarders were aroused with
great difficulty. The three men who
lost their lives were boarders and un
married.
At a short session of the House of
Deputies the committee on the admis
sion of new dioceses recommended
that the missionary district of Mon
tana be admitted into union with the
general convention as a full-fledged
diocese. The recommendation was re
ferred to the House of Bishops. In the
joint session many missionary reports
were submitted regarding the work of
the last three years. All were gener
ally satisfactory, with the exception of
that part of the Board of Missions' re
port which stated that a number of
diocese had refused to contribute
their share of the fund assessed under
the apportionment plan.
The total missionary receipts during
the year from all sources, save lega
cies, were $657,000, an increase over the
preceding year of $19,000. The appor
tionment for last year was $630,000 and
the receipts to apply upon It were
$413,000, showing a probable shortage
of $217,000. The board, however, is not
that sum in debt, but merely fell short
that amount in its requests.
The Archbishop of Canterbury and
several American Bishops addressed a
meeting of students held under the au
spices of St. Paul's Society of Harvard
in Cambridge to-night.
BOSTON. Oct. 7.— Missionary affairs
were considered during the greater
part of to-day's session of the general
triennial convention of the Episcopal
church. The House of Bishops and
the House of Deputies were in Joint
session with the Board of Missions
nearly all day.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7. — Russian
finanical conditions, with particular
reference to the ability of the Rus
sian treasury to meet the enormous
war expenses, were discussed to-night
by Gregory Vilenkine, financial agent
of the Russian embassy. He explain
ed that the Russian bank notes, upon
the recent large issue of -which tha
foreign press has laid great stress, arm
secured by gold in the treasury.
Financial Agent of Czar's Embassy
Tells of Conditions In the
Empire.
RUSSIA'S BAXK XOTES
SECURED BY GOLD COIN
Fire Starts in the Stracy
Kitchen and Lodgers Are
Aroused With Difficulty
Refusal of Some Dioceses
to Contribute .Their Part
Is Cause of Dissatisfaction
TWO' BADLY INJURED
command. General Hasegawa la ex
pected to effect this change at an early
date. It Is probable that thi3 Japan
ese move is made in order to expel the
bands of Cossacks now operating In
Western and Northwestern Korea,
m. — A special dispatch from Mukden,
October 7, says there has been no
change in the general situation. The
blockade of Port Arthur appears not
to have been so effective, as a number
of messengers have slipped through.
The latest advices said that the fortress
had sufficient ammunition and provi
sions to enable the garrison to hold
out nine months.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 7, 6:08 p. m.
Up to this hour the War Office has
not received fresh advices from the
front.
The Admiralty continues -without
news or the reported sea fight on! Port
Arthur, as well as of the Toklo report
of the wrecking and damaging of Rus
sian warships at Port Arthur by the
Japanese land batteries. As a portion
of the squadron has been going: out
occasionally to bombard the Japanese
land positions, the possibility that some
of the Russian vessels may have been
damaged by the Japanese batteries is
admitted.
The Admiralty officially announces
that the Baltic rieet will be ready to
Ball as soon as the battleship Orel and
the cruisers Oleg, Zemtchug and
Izumrud, which sailed from Cronstadt
to-day, arrive at Reval. The Ice breaker
Ermak will accompany the fleet.
It is learned from an admiral occupy
ing a high position that the proposition
to send the fleet to the Far East by way
of Cape Horn has been decided nega
tively.
The Admiralty Is unable to furnish
information concerning the two Rus
sian ships reported to be cruising in
Torres Strait, South Pacific Ocean, be
tween New Guinea and Australia. If
any Russian ships have been sighted
in Torres Straits, or if any Russian
ships are now there, they must have
been sent out from Vladivostok by
Vice Admiral Skrydloff.
Storm on China Sea Prevents Communica
tion With Forces at Port Arthur.
TROUBLE OVER FUNDS
Four Lose Their Lives as
Result of Early Morning
Blaze in St. Joseph, Ho.
Reports Covering the Last
Three Years Received at
the Episcopal Convention
AWAITING NEWS FROM THE FRONT
YOUNG BRIDE IS A WIDOW
Death Ends Romance of Conclave
HOTEL GUESTS
DIE IN FLAMES
MISSION WORK
IS DISCUSSED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1904.
3
FREE - — FREE FREE.
TEA — — ¦
GARDEN ; __
— — ¦- DRIPS.
A QUART CAN OF SYRUP
For the table. Upon this prod-
uct the Pacific Coast Syrup Co.
has built its reputation.
A CAN FREE
WITH WANT ADS '
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See announcement; on classi-
fied, page. ;-¦: -j* ':¦-.¦• j
r/"- ADVERTJgra*]P[NT&^^^
California
v ¦ '
For the promotion of California dried fruits,
we are selling prunes and raisins for 5 cents a
package. Each package contains one pound. There
is no limit to the supply — buy all you want.
We hope to .benefit both the Dried Fruit
Growers and the Public.
snWoopsCo
740 Market Street
IX>AN'S PILLS.
TO BE DEPENDED ON
Because It Is the Experience of a
San Francisco Citizen and
Can Readily Be In-
vestigate!
A stranger lost in a large city
would place far more dependence on
the directions given him by a local
resident than the guidance of another
stranger like himself. This is a nat-
ural consequence of experience. It's
like a ship in a strange port — a trusty
pilot, familiar with the harbor, is al-
ways called upon to bring her safely
to her moorings. So it is with in-
dorsement. We doubt the sayings
of people living at distant points be-
cause we can't investigate; but pub-
lic expression of local citizens can be
depended on, for 'tis an easy matter
to prove it. Evidence like the fol-
lowing is beyond dispute:
B. Edgecomb of 934 Mission street
says: "I knew from the condition
and the action of the secretions from
my kidneys that those organs were
not doing their work completely or
as satisfactorily as I wished. I
tried different medicines, but without
any effect, or, if any, it was so un-
appreciable that I could not notice it. '•
It was different with Doan's Kidney
Pills. They do not act on the bow-
els, but act directly upon the kid-
neys, soothing, strengthening and i
punfj-ing them, so that they perform
their functions properly."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y.,
sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
A SENSIBLE MOTHER
Proud cf her children's teeth, consults a
dentist and learns that the beauty of perma-
nent teeth depends on the care taken of the
first set
8QZODONT
Liquid and Powder
should be used. The Liquid to penetrate into
the little crevioes and purify them; the
Powder to polish the outer surface and pre-
vent the accumulation of tartar.
4 FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER. PASTS.. There was a high wind blowing at
the time, but luckily sump holes near
by containing 12,000'' barrels of oil did
not catch. Gas caused the fire. Loss
$4000. >
BAKERSFIELD. Oct. 7. — Word
reached here this afternoon that a
fierce fire late last night at the Kern
River oil fields totally destroyed the
boiler house, the pumping plant and
one oil rig belonging to the Kern River
Oil Company.
Loss of $1000 Caused by Fierce Flames
That Destroy Part of
Plant..
FIRE IX KERN RIVER OIL
DISTRICT DOES DAMAGE
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 7.— Walter
Beck, a member of the Bartenders'
Union who returned to work during
the strike, was tried and acquitted this
afternoon of a charge of displaying a
pistol on the street
A few day* ago while Beck was
coming from his work several of the
striking bartenders called him "scab."
He acknowledged having drawn a pis
tol and threatened them, declaring
with emphasis that if they repeated
the offense he would nhoot them. Af
ter hearing this statement and that of
the complaining witnesses the jury re
turned a verdict of not guilty.
Bnkrrsflcld Jury Acquits Bartender
Who Threatened to Shoot Strikers
Who Used Opprobrious Name.
HAS A RIGHT TO DRAW
PISTOL IF CALLED "SCAB"
ASKS HEAVY DAMAGES. — A trait for
damages In the sum of $^0,500 was begun
against the United Railroads yesterday by
Kdna M. Currier, a bookkeer>er. She allgees
that on April 21 ehe was Jammed between col
liding cars on Larkln and Ellis ctreets, when
the was temporarily paralyzed, her sight per
manently Injured and many serious bruise.-*
were «uwtaln«-d.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 7.
The freshman class of the university
met this afternoon and effected a per
manent organization for the semester,
electing the following officers: Presi
dent, T. R. Pemberton of San Francitf
co; vice president, A. B. Cartwright
of Alhambra; secretary, Miss Viola
A. Steele of Los Angeles: treasurer,
F. H. Abbott of San Francisco; ser
geant-at-arms, G. C. Coe of Portland.
Stanford Freshmen .Organize.
We are agents for Winsor &. Newton,
makers of the best artist materials in
the world. New stock of pyrography
goods and new things to burn. Sanborn,
Vail *. Co., 741 Market street. •
Artists' Materials.
If you desire a good appetite and wish
to enjoy every meal you eat. take Lash's
Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 7.— George E.
Rowp, who forged the name of Attor
ney Ed M. Norton of Healdsburg to
two checks for 53 each, entered a plea
of guilty before Judge Emmet Seawell
this afternoon. The court gave Rowe
the lightest sentence possible under the
law. twelve months in San Quentin.
Forger Pleads Guilty.
Fare for the round trip only «. Ticket*
now on sale at G5O Market street. Chronicle
bulldog, and Tlburon ferry.
After lunch in Wlllits a special train will
tak« all those desiring to (fo to the mill* and
ponds of the Northwestern Redwood Company
and to ihr Redwoods. No extra charge. •
On Sunday. October 9. the California North
western Railway will run an excursion to Wtl
llts. Each ticket sold Insure* a seat. Time
of departure from Tlburon ferry, foot of Market
¦tr«t, will be 7:30 a. m.. and from WlIlUs on
th<s r*twrn 4 p. ta. TraJn will not stop la
transit.
Excursion to Willits.
Five years ago a brother, Halleck V.
Deming, who had been a life long asso- |
elate in business, was found dead in j
1 bed when a daughter went to call him :
! for breakfast one morning. But his
I ending was due to heart disease.
! Thursday evening Deming played
I cards in his room with his brother,
Joseph V. Deming, and was in buoyant |
j spirits when they separated at 10
I o'clock. While he was two years more
• than three score and ten, his age did
j not weigh upon him. He was planning
i to build a new home near the park and
i have the residence at 748 Ellis street,
which the family has occupied many
years, refitted Into an apartment-house.
Tall buildings had arisen on either side
of the old home, and to Deming the
surroundings became undesirable. He
was warmly attached to his home life,
and with his brother happily discussed
idealistic plans for a more commodious
! house and a pleasanter environment.
In 1854 the three brothers came to
! California from Iowa and for some
years engaged in mountain packing in
! Northern California and Southern Ore
! gon, their headquarters being at Yreka.
I But in their youth, first in Indiana and
I then in Iowa, they had learned the
| milling trade, and they seized their op
j portunity in California. In I860 they
i started milling on a small scale In this
i city. Success followed their careful
S methods, and they next founded the
! great Capitol Mills. A fourth partner
i was at this time taken in, and the
j company was organized as the Dem
ing-PalmerMIllingCompany. Gradually
I their operations were extended, until
I mills were built in several cities — Fres
i no, Loa Angeles, Seattle, Tacoma and
'¦• Portland. Palmer retired, and then the
concern, that ranked as one of the big-
I gest business institutions on the coast.
! fell into the hands of the three broth
| ers.
But the death of Halleck Deming in
1SS9, in breaking up the partnership.
j caused the surviving brothers to retire
! from active affairs. The mills were sold
, to the Sperry Company and stock was
| taken in that corporation. The last
! few years of Edwin Orr Demlng's life
• were those of ease and enjoyment of an
i estate valued at over $500,000.
He married in 1866 Miss Clara Roh
ner. and besides the widow there sur
vive the daughters. Misses Alice and
Adelaide Deming and Mrs. Arthur H.
j Smith, and a son, Edwin O. Deming,
who is connected with the American
Milling Company.
The Coroner's inquest will be held
to-day and the funeral on Sunday.
Edwin Orr Demingr. one of the found
era of the Capitol Flour Mills, pioneer
and capitalist, was found dead from
asphyxiation when his wife went to call
him for breakfast yesterday morning.
The Jet. from which the deceased had
removed the tube of a drop lamp be
fore he retired, was wide open, and the
circumstances indicate that he forgot
to turn off the gas. Any theory of sui
cide is regarded as absolutely unten
able.
ASPHYXIATION
ENDS LIFE OF
E. 0. DEMING
The president of the local council Is
1L Vurra. The officers of the cosasiit
tee of arrangements are Thorsas P.
Boyd, president; Silvio H. Cheda.
treasurer, and il. Betteawarc da' C&a
ara. secretary.
cf the order at Eastsiie Park (this is a dis
play cf oil country tor»»2Mn33i?>: 3 p. ra. to
11 p. ra., ccacett. Fifth RtgizzezU Xatlcaal
Guard cf California, tasi; » p. in.. fr»id ball
at Array Hall; S:5O p. rr. . dasclsc of th«
Cha merit*.
Friday. Ocf. 1*.— S*s*ics win ecuehiie wita
instalUticr of r.ewly *!ected Cf2c*r».
Fabers. the Grocers. w:ll redeem your
"Call" Tea Garden Dr'.ps Coupon. 119
Taylor street and 1001 Fillmore street. •
SAXTA ROSA. Oct. 7. — 'Work of con
struction of a shoe factory was begun
in this city yesterday and in six weeks
time it is expected la have the struc
ture completed. Simon Green, a sho«
manufacturer of San Francisco, ia the
builder. Green was pro_Lsad a bonus
of $3000 for locating his shoe factory
here. . ,
Shoe Factory for Santa Rosa.
Monday. Oct. 10 — Council convenes at 9 a.
ra. Gran<J rer»ptlon at Cochrane-McXear Ha!l
at 8 p. m. Addn»» of welcome by Hon. T. J.
Lennon. Mayer S. P. Moonhead will deliTer
the Vej-» cf the city to the council and *xtend
to the delegates the hospitalities cf the city.
Tue»(Jay, Oct. 11 — 7 p. ia.. election cf officers
for ensuint year; 8 o. m., vaiKjevm-i and
theatrical show at Opera-house.
Wednesday. Oct. 12—11 a. ra.. parade of
Eupresse Council, esccrtc* by th* local aerie
and military organiiatSona of thi» city: 2 p. n»..
picnic at Sch.uetzen Park: 8 p. in.. viui»v,::»
and minstrel show at the Opera-house.
Thursday. Oct. 13. — Jousting by members
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 7.— The eigh
teenth Supreme Council of the United
Portuguese of the State of California
will convene in this city Monday. Oct
ober 10. The local committees of the or
der have been working very hard and
have everything prepared to give the
members of the Supreme Council a
royal welcome. It is expected that
i thousands of strangers will be in at-
I tendance during the week the council
! will be in session. The council which
was held at Hanford last year brought
more than five thousand visitors to the
Kings County town. A still greater
number Is expected here. The dele
grates will begin to arrive Sunday. The
streets will be brilliantly Illuminated
with thousands of electric lights and
the business* * men will decorate with
bunting and flags. ¦
The committee of entertainment has
J prepared an excellent programme for
j the coming week. The c^Scial pro
gramme for the week is as follows:
Sunday-. Oct. J>. — Supreme efflcers ind reprr
nntatives. i.-* '.' ! by Richardson's band, will
arrive here at 4:30 p. rr.. and will be escorted
to the Cocbrane-McNear Hall. At S>:30 p. m..
<!t«p2a7 cf mcvlny picture* of Portug-al and
A»cre*.
the equities ef the case are wiih the
plaintiff and awards him 2717 shares
of Finnell Land Company stock, vaiue-i
at about J275.C0O.
On or about October 27, 1»?. John
Finnell was indebted to George E.
Goodman and to the defendant bank.
He settled the indebtedness cf J*^_r^S
with the bank by giving it 43-» shares
of Finnell Land Company stock. Later
the bank demanded 12781000 cf Goodman
for money he loaned as president of
the bank. This Goodman paid, claim
ing a proportionate share of the ¦?' j
shares cf stock.
The decision cf Judge Gesford
awards to Simpson Fir.n*H. Goodman's
a33ignee. 2S22 shares of th* s'.x's.
OFFICERS OF PORTTGrESE SOCIETT I
AND JURIST WHO WILL WETLCOME '¦
ITS DELEGATES TO SA_X RAFAEL. '
Holds Tbat Institution Must Turn
Over to Plaintiff Stock in
Land Company.
NAPA, Oct. 7.— Judge Gesford handed
down a decision here this afternoon is
the case of Simpson Finnel! vs. James
H. Goodman Bank. He finds that
I XAPA JUDGE DECIDES
SUIT INVOLVING BANK
Wheat, Including flour, exports for
the week ending October 6 aggregate
1,091,825 against 1,182,293 last week,
2,378.722 this week last year. 5,645,779
In 1902. and 4.179,988 in 1901. From
July 1 to date the exports aggregate
18,548,711 bushels, against 42,616,084
last year, 71,536,492 in 1902 and 85,
042,752 In 1901.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7. — R- G. Dun's
weekly review of trade will say to
morrow: With the crops almost b-e- i
yond danger, prices of securities at the j
highest point since May. 1503, acd idle ;
machinery resuming In factories and j
mills that have been closed for j
months, the business outlook grows i
steadily brighter. By far the best ¦
feature of the situation is the confi- '
dence manifested by an increased di*- j
P'-sftion to provide for future require
ments. This Ls by no means general,
but it is noticed at pig iron furnaces. |
woolen mills and among dealers *at j
widely s-eparated points, particularly j
those located In the agricultural sec- j
tions.
Mercantile collections are also more j
prompt and railway earnings for the j
month of September were 3.S per cent ;
larger than in the same month last I
year, while foreign commerce at this \
pcint for the last week shows an in- i
crease of 11,501,208 in imports and ]
{410,748 in exports as compared with;
a year ago. Dispatches from the lead- 5
ing cities are almost unanimous in tell- <
ir.g of improved conditions.
Hides have shown unusual activity ',
at a generally higher level of prices-
Failures in the United States num- \
ber 222 against 223 las: week. 225 the j
preceding week and 23 S In the corre- :
sponding week last year. Failures in
Canada number 25 against 15 last j
week, 30 in the preceding week and ,
17 last year.
Bradstreet'a to-morrovr will say: j
Popular estimates of leading crop !
yields continue to enlarge. Corn has |
passed out of danger of serious frost \
damage in the West and distribution,
both at wholesale and retail, expands !
as cooler weather approaches. Addi- |
tional favorable features are the con- !
tinuance of the good tone In pig iron, |
freer buying by railways of material ¦
and rolling stock, and heavy general i
crop movements helping collections •
North and South.
While the buying of dry goods, j
hardware, groceries, shoes and clothing j
continues of good volume, particularly j
in the West, conservative influences find j
reflection In small but frequent orders, i
calculated to meet necessities. The
transportation movement is heavy, and
railways earnings show an expanding I
tendency, the gain for September
promising to be 6 per cent over 1S03.
There are some flaws in the situa
tion which stamp this as 'an off year i
when compared -with previous periods!
of great prosperity. Relatively most j
activity in current distribution, wheth- '|
I er of dry goods, shoes, clothing, lum- j
I ber, hardware or building material, j
exists in the West and Northwest ¦
; Cooler weather is needed In the South
to stimulate activity. Hides are strong- !
: ly held.
Business failures in the United j
States for the week ending October
6 number 1S5, against 179 last week, i
197 in the like week In 1903, 170 In!
1902, 1S3 in 1901 and 210 In 1900. In j
Canada failures for the week number '
IS, as against 21 last week and- 19 in j
thin week a year ago.
The Croton local was but 200 feet
away and the engine, about fifty feet
north of a block signal. Jumping to
the Hwitch mechanism, he dropped the
lever that worked the arm of the sig
nal which was showing the green light
and instantly the danger signal flashed
before the eyes of the locomotive en
gineer, who had Just caught the ¦ red
glare as his cab passed the signal
post. At once he reversed his engine
and put down the air brakes, but his
speed had hardly slackened percepti
bly, when he struck the automobile.
The train came to a stop In a distance
of about £00 feet.
On the train was Health Commission
er Thomas Darlington, who took
charge of the work of caring for the
injured. The locomotive engineer was
arrested, but released on his own re
cognlzance.
Several persons. Including two po
licemen, saw the automobile rushing
down Jerome avenue. They shouted a
warning, but it was too late. With no
apparent slackening of speed, the big
car crashed through the fence, cleared
a dirt embankment, extending about
flve feet above the stone retaining
wall and then, clearing the wall, made
a sheer drop of twenty-five feet to the
railroad track. In its descent the car
half turned and several of its occu-.
pants were spilled out. When it struck
Noyes, Bella Perez and Madge Corco
ran were thrown on the track, the oth
*-t% failing to the side r>f the rails.
They were stunned and bleeding and
trying to recover themselves when they
heard the roar of the train and then
followed a frightful crash. Noyes was
caught in the wreckage of the car and
toseed up with it on the pilot of the
engine. His body was «till there when
th** train -.vas brought to a stop. Madge
Corcoran was dragged by her long au
tomobile coat, which caught on the
Kmaahed car, for a distance of 200 feet,
and when the cloth gave way she fell
to the track only to be cut in two
at the waist by the wheels of the en
gine. The whole train passed over her
body. IJella Perez was dragged about
fifty feet and then thrown to one side.
The tower man, about a hundred
feet north of Jerome avenue, heard
the automobile as it broke through the
fence, and. running to his window, saw
the car strike the track.
The Injured are:
Unidentified woman, severe scalp
wound. lac-irations of the face and body
and general contusions and possible in
ternal Injuries: Moses SpJess, fracture
f/i the ja-w, general contusions; Jean
nfrtte Davis, shock and slight contu
sions; Charles Doran, 23, shock and
¦light contusions; Emma Perez, sister
of Bella Perez, shock and hysteria;
Thomas Marpbr. injuries slight.
The party was returning to the Riv
erside Casino from a trip to Mount
VernotL. Allen Noyes, the chauffeur,
had intended turning from Jerome ave
nue into the approach of the McComb
dam bridge to cross to Manhattan.
Whether h* knew of the short exten
sion on Jerome avenue beyond One
Hundred and Sixty-first street or not
will never be known. The corner at
that point is brilliantly lighted, but the
extension leading to the edge of the
embankment above the New York Cen
tral tracks Is pa%-ed with brick and the
car tracks run down to a picket fence
ar the edge.
.N'E*.V YORK. Oct. 7.— The aatorno
bl!& accident which occurred early to- I
day at tb*» f<wt of J^ronie avenue, in f
vhich tfcre* person* lost their lives and \
tlx vrtrt: badly Injured. wa« one of th* \
worst rir.ee the sport bec£rr*e popular |
in this city. I»ss of Hfe po**it'r would j
hi'.c- bc-*c &\-'tl r l*ri but for the usiiir.<»- i
ly arrival of the passenger tr»fn on the I
New York Centra! Rai-road. Unfamil- |
larity with tte nature of the roadway »
was the direct cause of the accident- f
A)>.n Noyes, a chauffeur employed .by ?
th* Riverside Casino, had charge of
the automobile — a heavy touring car. I
The dead are:
ALLEN NOTEH, chauffeur of the!
automobile. kin«rd instantly.
MADGE CORCORAN. 20. killed In
star.tiy.
BELLA PEREZ, died In a hospi
tal.
Capitalized at Five .Million
Dollars. Company Plans to
Build 650 3Iiles of Koad
>
SANTA FE. N- M-. Oct. 7.— Tie Arl
lona. ar.i Colorado flailroad CoTzpa.z.y
tied incorporation papers to-<lay to
build a north and south railroad la
Western Xry ilexico witlJ tenshii a:
Duras^o. Colo., and Clifton. Ariz. Th*
capiial:zat:cn is C©0O,OD0L Tte com
pany t^a« £!e<3 npon r?.O» acres cf coal
lands in New Mexico and will
have its headquarters at Tucsos. -Art
The read ta3 b*<?3 surveyed a=i -*..:.
with its bra=ch line* immediately Co fc*
constructed, cover Gr) iniles 12 N«-sr
Mexico.
A subsidiary corporation, th* Arizen*
and Eastern Railroad. flTty rales lc=?
In Xeur Mexico and with headquarters
at Lordsburgr. also filed lnccrporatisa
papers. The capitalixation of th* r-ad
is Jl.OOO.C-00.
The Southern PaciSc Railroad Is s-a'.*
to b* backing: the project, although :h»
company which recently completed the
El Paso ard Southwestern and tb-
Lordsburg and Hachita Railroad is the
prime mover as it wants the coal cf
Southwestern Colorado and "Western
New ilexico for Its smelters at Clinton.
Morenci. Bisbee. Xaccs*ri and Douslas.
TIio.sp Injured in New York[
Accident 3Iiglit Other- j
wise Have Been Spared!
Th» ivfras* price ot all the petroleum pro
duced In lt»01 w»« 05.7 centa, as compared
with fl.I91 in 1W><>. a docreafte of 23.4 i-i.u
per barrel. Th* average price of Pennsylvania
certificate petroleum wax t\ iM j^r barrel, a*
compared with |J 35V4 per barrel In 1J>00. *how-
Irr a «l»-rlln<! of 14-% cenu. The average
prlc* of Lima (Ohio) petroleum fell from ««%
r*r.t» In 1000 to Hi r*nln Jn 1001. There wai
»!v a 4«cllne of Z".~ cent* in the averace
tirtc* :.ald for California petroleum and a <le
clJne of 70 c»-nt» r*r barrel In the average
j.rlce of the Texai production.
ed KUiteH is the subject of a chapter
that will b* included In the forthcom
ing report concerning mines and min
ing, published by the Federal Gov
ernment. In 1&02 there were in ex
istence in the United States 11*,6T1
wells and the gross output, reckoned
In barrels of forty-two gallons each,
was %5, 275,202 barrels, worth 171.237,
72». In 1302 there were drilled 615
unproductive wells, owned by 206 in
dividuals. The aggregate coat of thfrse
unproductive wells was 11,691,056.
Efnee 1900. according to the Fed
eral statistic*, the capitalization rep
resented by speculative oil companies
haji amounted to at least J600,000,000.
A large amount of stock has been Is
sued by such companies in Texas. Cali
fornia, Colorado, Louisiana and Ken
tucky. The capitalization of 2&S in
corporated companies was reported to
the Government.
The rtOcka of th«? companies that re
ported amounted in total to tZ24,l^.-
VtZ. Of this California reported $10?,
043,122; Colorado. *4,42>j.4%; Indiana,
J13,L77,400; Kansas, *M15.«»0; Ken
tucky. J!j.211,&'.4; New York. tl.CS*,
7C0; Ohio, tZ~.,ZZ*.Wy, Pennsylvania,
$27,075,100; Texan, J75,2C%,714; West Vir
ginia. t:»,7<>;,200.
The divid'.-nda paid by oil companies
In several States are summed up for
the year I&02 in the Government's sta
tistics as $10,771,V36 for the entire
United State*, of which Indiana paid
ILfTLin; Ohio, «,7I5,222; Pennsylva
nia, ?S4S,272; West Virginia, VsViMZ;
Colorado, $120,042; Kansas, $7S,500;
Kentucky. $24,420, and California. J1&0.
012. As In the issue of stock. Califor
nia and Texas largely led other' States,
| no In bond issues these two States alau
had the largest outstanding amounts.
There were several 8tate« that made
no returns. Of $C,71'J,2S6 of bonds is
sued $1,636,000 were credited to Califor
nia and \\,'*Z'j, f >'s\ to Texas. The pro
duction of crud* petroleum in th«
United States in 1902, amounting to
Ki,275,?-02 barrels, was nearly equal to
the output of Russia and all other oil
producing countries of the world com
bined.
MILLIONS IN TANKS.
There was Invested at the end of
the year 1902 the very large sum of
$2^0,000,000 In wells and tankage. The
largest number of tanks In any Stat«
Is In Pennsylvania, the total for that
State being 20,223. Ohio has between
11.000 and 12,000 tanks; West Virginia
about the same number. A noteworthy
fact appears !n the report, which la
that the great numbers of small re
neries that formerly were scattered
through many Ftatea - have disap
peared and the business of refining pe
troleum has been transferred to hu^e
plant* at points near New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, Cleveland,
Buffalo, Whiting, Ind., Port Arthur in
Texas and Point Richmond on the
east shore of the bay cf Han Francisco.
It Ik refreshing to peruse the Govern
ment's figures relating to- the priced
for which crude petroleum was sold a
I few years ago. The statements that
are oifldally sanctioned relating to
this point, are as follows:
v, <j'yiizvi xs.lz.tt is Piuma* Cocnty,
e*^t d Qtiir-cy ac4 t*ir Gr«fenfc<sm
C/eefc.
The Stotewall rntee in San Die^o
<:-.iz.\y *: : >= cp*r.ed r.'.x: rr.cntii. 8-j
:t S3 reported. P^=:plr)r is ta pro^riM.
J. H. WaS&c* bat taken a bond or. t2ie
fSTiseosch) «lrift ir.lce In Sierra Coccty
srd Lsts besuxi derelopis«nt work on
ttt prcpeny.
The ilcrrriaon-Ga-rlock Mining Com
pany hi* accju!r<«5 the Morrisor.
.*r.ine« {a Quartz valley, sear Fort
Jcr.e*. SUkJyoc Cocnty.
The C&lavera* Pro*j>*«t eays that
the «an Andree* Blae Gravei CfnnfMUiy
will work & river channel on the old
hospital ground*, within the UmitJ of
Se.3 Andreas.
The Rsnop and Gc.ldf.eld Toll P.o^d
Corr:r.ar.y ha« t*en Incorporated 'n
Jnyo Cour.ty to construct a road to
make accesi easier to the GoidSeld
district. The distance to Goidfield by
road will bo ehorter.ed froa 110 n;:Ie3
?o atou: «.>.giity-;wo mile*.
The Placer Herald say* that the
dam and flume* of the Cash Rock
mine on :he -American River, near
Forent Hiil. were carried away by wa
tet «..-.d the low wa« 120,600. If the
rai:j had held off a little longer a
t lean up would have been made. The
mine is cio*ed and iteventy-five men
are thrown out of r.ork.
The PittBburg mine in. Nevada Coun
ty, near Town Talk, has been bonded
to an Eantsm company, which Us ex
pected to take charge in November. E.
O. C. Ord will be the general manager
of the mir.e.
The P.ed Hill quart* mine r.ear Butte
City, Amador County, ha.a been bought
by the J '.ir Gulch Minirjj Company.
The Fitzgerald (inn in fc'harta
County, on both «lde« of Clear Creek,
ha* b*en bonded for dredging pur
pc»e». The farm includes 2300 acres.
GREAT OIL INDUSTRY.
The petroleum Industry of the Unit-
'¦.i.rr.'zx. Conipacy his be«n crsaniz**!
The Phe^ Hill Mining Company,
with property r.ear Nevada City, ha*
betn rewriuniied. W. P. Kttchum is
the new preeident.
Th« C'«e mine near Gra*a Valley will
be closed. PronpectinK has been in
procreia four year*. The shaft ha*
been isuck to 11 SO feet. There is a
tm-enty-eump mill on the property.
The portable machinery will be re
moved.
The Round Mountain Champion
mine* Dcmf Nevada City will be oper
ated by the Great Dane Mining Com
pany.
The rj'.u* Grizzly Mininc and Devel-
Twelve cl&tmii In the Uiehop Park
n»»1on la Inyo County have been «o5d
to A. A. tlu--v.hr at New York. Devel
opment In promised.
Tfct tavern U tfc* Hosat district pre- ,
flJd that *itfc'a % U* 7**-'* U* •"**'*
fe.-i pesicstzla wl3 btcsmt tSte ices* c5j
Vttfi t'+izzz rrirung cytnticT.*. T»o
Of 'i-.rtr r«sra MEO T-i*tz r^ir-ir.? ¦*• ;
rtstrded rr tfc»: refSoa a* & «= "^
y.ttltilllT- I>»«Jcp«IM*t» "Vt iJflC*
t&kcs >v^ that si'-*, tb* miatn i*''P*
'or «*::>¦ r<.i.:;cat;'>r. of tt*:r dream*, j
?*? Stora* ir.r..r.« Gtexctte. paW$«brf ;
fc» Nvr.-.t, KS71 tf'-a- *- SoLoisos fct ;
fesst t Cczea itsTU *^* btisg i=-fc
c, *t nsj aStxrct *ni di*tisci:
}*c**». At tf be*d rf ii-« KorraJij
Crctk a ttirr.^ :.-.i:i b reagteg tisfa-j
»i.C <Say. Thr» .e2j*« have &c-is <1^
cercred :t tfcas loaCUy. "tt Botoooa
OtOJia b ta ibe It*d h * «c£rtt dte- ;
trtct, fast rr~an> »;uaj^x ciz'.tz.* ~ r * '>P"-a-
Ir.« cp oa ABTH *~d fJUdex crt»t£ and j
* Bock OcJcJJ. Ore «s1B b« thlpp*^
ls,r.'i to h»r« tr«:«:n Aiacwered at B':uiT
• .•;. ksathet >.tf- b on tb« rf«« '-
ThT «*l»covert»-.* in oCbcr p5ace« &r^
described ir. part by t!M ffemwj Minicg ,
t*ryen-'j* I» cucr» .-¦ »-¦ • »t*« n^*t". -*• '-
•v-«t% i«.r.-.i-.i-» ' ; .-_..¦.—£ <.i*rt«. tfe'-rr- i
/ ¦» .' = .. i i. ..-.- .^ -----
Tt* SCora* .-.-•./ .-..'., '. --.rz. r *^; ar* I
l«^C». vbtrD <re?«»» AR'.t! Cr*e* «'. « * -¦«
••csm. to « ds^RJi «»f v**t tr.inr-c** i«*t «»-' i
U«« Ma »i^t»f» t-i t« ra^ui;y •r^J*r..r-x- A j
•».^tt*r.t «f £;:? i«c« <-: «e wj:i i^ amda
Jf<«t«a « «Jsrt*r '-f v-*r*i 'LtUB* «n*'-^r.;
*f«3 AB-.ti 14 kSCfe CTPM »cd crc«!t«
Gfaueier '.>•»* *: tfc* n----'t '-f erx* G->.t.
Or-^«ti»>»i ?t a. «»5»* r' f.':/ r*<« »a<J ft rt'j**-
, . .j. .- .-, - : - --• • r* :* '»?• -. -:-«
r*««, T1« «ns U fr»< t='.".:is« «HS«oc«* of j
r-:fc«T tew «r»i*. Tl^ «is«rtx >* tit » rix«r j
pc<v«risftd Acacrtpdea »txJ {:*» *';:::> :a >!*'.* ;
C»r«lnpra»ift war* wtil b« dss« epos it *arlr-< |
Tn »!;» ' «»«-<»-P»r» •*-rr>-/-. * frusfc^r of
r.-^wiz :»<i«»i km r»^*tstiy t>*^a «ii»<»rered.
l«t awtog t» t&* t***y enrt of fr»trtt:r* np*
».:;»* f. ti»»t r«c)— Btm Str^fipotttt wsrk
»»» vrt lw<Bt ««¦>¦, »lt<4 lJ*» i"T 1<w t cf ta*
At Oessci! nty. Kr-sftr-Jk. Ptn <~"ia.rmr».
**»!{? <*r«!*-lt. Ko*/ck RSt«t. ta fact ts c»arir
#^«rr «»^!S»i« «-t*r* piar^r «a!4 t-»* t*»n
'.-»««* t-t^y.^U'/fti, «js4. *.\'Jiirx.w!t in-. r»Xr
wa »l»*r* *>* "-rrnctJr nii"*' by »«*r«-
EmI t'* **-}•»» tfc»t «syj rvsr^r ta'JM'ratlr
?xpt,-!*^ is ti-janz &:^rjf la tt-« cv-itrr
- -» a k:rt!r :a-ra*iv* lr.v»»'s>*T:t.
CHANGINO TIfK METHODS.
In '.t*-.-:r r»re>*cti> th* aj>p*',t of mln-
Jr? b th» STome coostry ha« char.ge'l
Th* primitiv*: us* of ihov»l and n!uk*
l>^x has befii 'llytias+A by bydniallck
in? Jn r*-.nii\Zi localities. The dttcb
CJrtpar.Je*! ar* r*-a'piti«5 profit* due to
th* <J«-mar)«J for the «at»r that th*:y
tr»- abl* to e-j^;.ly. Fu!!y fifty ditches
ere in cocitructSon. A flrt mil* ditch
run* fn/m the head of DivJnic Cr»*k to
the claim cf the Hot Air Company on
Glacier Creek. Tn* wnd Gooae Cofn«
h*« * 'Uf-h on Ophir Cr»^lc. Sev
eral <Jitcb'm ax% to take wat*r from
Soiomon Rlvtr. Th* Midnight Hun
Mir.ir.z and Dltrhln* Corr.pany i» build
itMT a ditch from Klj5 Hurrah to a point
.'.'¦>.' •.*.- :.-.¦•-•:. of 8o'omoD. A ditch
Ka* b^en cor-«truct*-d from th»r bead of
Solomon to a point a mile below the
'¦a*t fork, v.h»-r*: a hydraulic *i*vator 1«
cperatinir f.aTlyfa'torlly. Other dltrheu
rcn Jrorn HaKtJr.irji River to Flambeau
Cr*ek. A canal fort7 miles lontr. car
rying <V» in'jhea of water, will be u«ed
to '.;.«-.-. up </r* of th'- richest Bectiona
of minini irround on the Seward pfinln
*ula.
Also Shows the Favorable
Features of the Situation
CONFIDENCE IX FUTURES!
Bradstreet's Weeklv Review!
LtfJSES TIffiEE DEATHS!
ENTERS COAL FIELDS
. •
Came Along a Moment After }
Victims Had Been Thrown :
Upon the Railroad Track |
Dun Beports Indications of
an Increasing Prosperity?
in the Business World*
Discoveries and Ditch Systems Promise:
Great Wealth and New Methods * |
for Northern Country.
! Kailroad Projected Which
Is Said to Hare Backing
of the .Southern Pacific
TRAIN FINISHES
WORK OF ACTO
OUTLOOK TAKES
ON ROSY HUE
HEARTY WELCOME AWAITS
PORTUGUESE DELEGATES
TO TAP MINES
IN NEW MEXICO
MANY QUARTZ LEDGES
ON SEWARD PENINSULA
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. OCTOBER S. 1004.
4
ADVERTLSKWKVTS. •
Let Your Husband CarrjrflieHqd
— the Coal hod. YCs ncT
occjrpatioiifoi^ a Wbmaiio
r f
Gas CbolriiKris) vML
6o per cent Vf^a
cheaper thancOTl^^^t^^
and doctor _ hills.
Buy a Gas Range From 1 i
_^- Hss^^W
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO,
4x5 POST STREET.
Mff and daily excursions in Pullman tourist WA
ffff sleeping "cars without change from Los^BJftk
Mff Angeles, Santa Barbara, Monterey, San^ftw
MS Francisco, Bakersfield, Fresno, Lathrop, 1[»
II Stockton, Sacramento and other California 1|B
ifi points via the Southern Pacific, Union Pacific Hi
Bland Chicago & North - Western Railways if
ii through JO CHICAGO II
and the East. Fast trains. Excellent BB
W&l service. Dining car service a la carte, ffff
TfJkChoice of routes. Low round-trip rates. MM
Double berth to Chicago only f 7.00. MM
Xix Sautiira Piaii ticket »j;aa fcr till iaibraiaea.
R. R. RITCHIE. General Agent Pacific Coast,
/jf'ki&Z&S&TXX C * H.-W. Ry..617 Markat St.. PaUctt Hotel, jfa \ "Ji\H 1
JM^KfTTlj4|iuA* S.F. BOOTH. Gen'l Aatnt Tm'r P^P^-^JB^T^^MMi j[\
APVKKTISKMKyra.
The productions in fab- ¦
rics for this season - from Jl
the leading woolen mills of a
this country and England |
have never before shown
such perfection in style and
novelty of design.
A suiting selected from my
complete stock and cut by
an artist who uses only the
latest ideas can only prove
highly satisfactory.
Suits to order
$15.00 up.
Trousers to order
$4.50 JP
Samples and self-meas-
urement free by mail.
ChabS-LryonixS
LONDON TAILOR
TIT
""~ iu6 On Sunday, October so. THE
_^ _ w - -i- CALL will begin the issue of a
l^ && I I bright, up-to-date Comic Supplement,
V/aWW W full of wit and innocent humor. This
..•«••• supplement will be printed in three
l^ jfC V%f and iouT br 'S nt colors and will readily
•, T^ . .". appeal to our young friends and
/¦"i/^Tfc Jfff/ I "'\ * readers in the many homes on the
V-/V?1VII\-/ ? acifk Coast t0 which THE CALL
is so welcome a visitor.
SECTION Agents and Dealers
,' .Will unquestionably, require an addi-
* , ¦¦ tional number of papers to supply the
GOOO NeWS for OUT rapidly increasing demand for THE
— Young Friends and c £t m be advi J ble to order early
Readers.
i ¦¦-- : ¦•¦¦¦¦ ¦•¦•¦ ¦'.* . •'¦¦-. ¦¦¦¦:¦¦ -•'..-': -' DIXON. Oct. ".— A. H. Holly, a prominent
farmer living" near Dlxon,- died last night from
Injuries received last Tuesday by falling from
• wagon ¦ • -
Leather Goods for Fall Trade.
There is nothing new in leather goods
that you cannot find In our store —
trunks, dress suit cases, valises, wrist
bags and pocketbooks for fall trade — all
new designs now in and lettered in gold
free of charge. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741
Market street. •
Novel Plea Is Made by Owner of Place
Who Raffled Off His Acres.
REFUSES DEED TO FARM
TO THE MAX WHO WON IT
FRESNO. Oct. 7.— W. C. Wilkinson
of Laton has won a $7500 ranch from
A. H. Liese on a raffling scheme, but
he cannot get a deed to the property.
He threatens to take the matter into
the courts and have the property con
fiscated by the State. Liese, who was
formerly a Santa Fe conductor with
his home in this city and who is now
living in Oakland, sold tickets at $1
each for a thirty-five-acre ranch, sup
posed to be in Kern City, Monterey
County. It was advertised that the
person holding the number corre
sponding to the one winning the first
prize in the lottery drawing. August 13
would win the ranch. Wilkinson held
the winning ticket, but when he
claimed the ranch Liese "wrote him
that he had no rights in the courts as
it was a game of chance.
Wilkinson, however, has dug up an
old statute which provides for the con
fiscation of such property to the
State.
Workmen, Caught by Rush of Water
and Mud, Supposed to Have
Perished.
DESSAU, Germany, Oct. 7. — A sud
den inrush of water and mud in a coal
mine at Gerlebock, district of Koe
then, yesterday imprisoned eighteen
miners, who are believed to have per
ished.
EIGHTEEN IMPRISONED
IX MINE IX GERMANY
The prizes are for the "work of the
University Press, the Yerkes Observa
tcry display, for Professor Michelson's
exhibit of instruments for research
work in physics and for general excel
lence In the exhibit as a whole.
CHICAGO. Oct. 7. — President Har
per has been notified by the commit
tee of awards of the Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition that the University
of Chicago has been awarded four
grand prizes for its exhibits. No other
educational institution won more than
two.
Receives Four Awards for the Excel
• lence of Its Exhibits on
Educational Lines.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7. — Orders
were Issued at the Navy Department
to-day for one or more ships of the
South Atlantic squadron to attend the
inauguration of the President of Ar
gentina at Buenos Ayres October 12.
To Be Represented at Argentina.
Finds Bride in Illinois.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Oct. 7. — A marriage
license was issued at Belleville, 111., to
day to Gottlieb Carle of San Francisco,
and Eliza Gauch of Belleville.
Grain Speculation in Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 7.— Owing
to the reported short crops in Ameri
ca a large business Is being done in
grain futures.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
Reduced Rates Via Southern Pacific.
The finest chance of the season to visit
Yosemlte is offered by the Southern Pacific.
If you buy before October 13 you can get a
round trip ticket for $48 M>. This doesn't mean
Just a. trip to Yosemite and back; it Includes
Pullman accommodations both ways, insuring
your comfort; meals and lodgings at first
class hotels, an ample visit to the Martposa
Grove (the famous California Bit? Trees, reach
ed in no other way) and carriage drives to
Mirror Lake. Vernal Falls, Nevada Falls.
Glacier Point and an unsurpassed view of
every great feature. The Southern Pacific
6ta(te road is oiled and the recent rains have
made It perfect. Now is the time to go I
Ask about ft to-day at 613 Market street. •
POSTAL INSPECTOR FINDS
MUCH WORK AT FRESNO
Causes Arrest of Mnil Carrier for De
stroying Mail He Should
Have Delivered.
FRESNO, Oct. 7.— Postal Inspector
John Bricker of this district is busy>
weeding out all crookedness among the
civil service employes of the postofflce
here. To-day he had J. P. Landrum, a
mail carrier, arrested for wantonly de
stroying mails instead of going out of
his way to deliver them. Other charges
will have to be faced by Landrum, as it
is said that, he confessed he obtained a
pension for service in the Spanish-
American war in the Philippines on the
ground of dysentery and Indigestion.
He said, it is claimed, he ate rare pork
before taking his examination and
fooled the physicians.
Convicted of Cattle Stealing.
BAKERSFIELD. Oct. 7.— George
Woodward, a resident of the Kernville
country, was to-day convicted of cattle
stealing, the jury being out fifteen
hours before rendering its verdict. His
son, Charles Woodward, was convicted
a few days ago of the same crime.
Mellck's Condition Serious.
PASADENA. Oct. 7.— W. S. Melick,
secretary of the State Board of Exam
iners, who is a patient- at the Pasa
dena hospital, suffered a fainting spell
to-day as a result of his operation sev
eral days ago. His doctors have little
hope of his recovery.
More' Money for Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— The esti
mates for the Department of Agricul
ture as finally framed by Secretary
Wilson for the fiscal year beginning
July 1, 1905, aggregate $5,699,810.
This is an increase of $268,270 over
the present year. •
CONGRESSMAN'S DAUGHTER TAKEN
ILL. — M!s» Eleanor Wynn. a daughter of Con
gressman ¦ Wynn, was taken . violently ill at
the Chutes yesterday and was removed to the
French Hospital.' ,
Hundreds of Mourners Attend the
Kiincral of the Famous Sculptor
In Paris.
PARIS. Oct. ".—The funeral of Bar
tholdi, the sculptor, took place to-day
and was a most imposing: ceremony.
It was attended by hundreds of
mourners, Including public officials,
students and models. The American
embassy was represented. The hearse
was covered with wreaths and flowers.
Embassador Porter's offering was a
large wreath. Conspicuous in the
throngs were numerous gatherings of
working people. A company of sol
diers u was drawn up at the Bartholdi
residence and the body was received
with military honors at Montparnasse
Cemetery.
DEVLIN WILL GIVE AID
TO EASTERN ENGINEERS
Senator Will Compile Statutes and
I^aws Referring to Drainage and
Reclamation Problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 7. — Acting on
the advice of the commission of East
ern engineers now studying drainage
and reclamation problems in this
State, the auditing board to the Com
missioner of Public Works will at Its
next meeting appoint Senator Robert
T. Devlin to make a compilation of the
statutes on drainage and reclamation,
to draw up a digest of all the decisions
of the courts upon these subjects, and
to prepare such laws for enactment at
the next session of the Legislature as
may be required to carry into effect
the report the engineers may make.
BARTHOLDI LAID TO REST
WITH IMPOSING CEREMONY
HEALDSBURG, Oct. 7.— A Demo
cratic rally was held to-night at
Truitt's Opera-house. Thomas J. Geary,
former Congressman for this district,
was the principal speaker.
Ingalls Addresses Democrats.
INDIANAPOLIS. Oct. 7.— M. E. In
galls, president of the Cleveland, Cin
cinnati. Chicago and St. Louis Rail
road, was the principal speaker at a
Democratic meeting In Tomllnson's
Hall to-night. The speaker was es
corted to the hall by a procession of
railroad men and Democratic marching
clubs.
San Francico at last has been as
eured a concert hall of the magnifi
cence, elegance and attractiveness on a
par with the size and importance of
Itself. For some years various an
nouncements have been made regard
ing the building of halls or theaters to
be devoted exclusively to the better
class of concerts, musicales and society
affairs that could be held in a place
accommodating about five hundred.
None of these have come to a definite
head until two days ago when Man
ager Allan Pollok of the Hotel St.
Francis concluded arrangements for
the temporary transformation of the
beautiful white and gold ballroom lo
cated at the west end of the building
into a hall to be utilized for concerts.
The plan as it is now arranged calls
for seating capacity of about five hun
dred. The stage will be located at the
northern end of the hall and will be
built in sections, so that It can be con
veniently removed as occasion de
mands. Arrangements have been made
for some important society events to
take place later in the season, on
¦which occasions the removal of the
etage will be necessary in order to al
low for dancing.
CHICAGO UNIVERSITY
WINS PRIZES AT FAIR
MAGNIFICENT ROOM WHERE 1
FASHIONABLE <X>NCERTS AND •
MU8ICALES WILL BE HELD.
RKXO .MAN MAY* HAVE BEEN
VICTIM OF MURDERERS
Mnnglrd Remains of Laborer Found
on Tracks Bear Evidence
of Foul Crime.
RENO, Oct. 7.— The body of R. Grif
fith, a laborer on the irrigation canal,
was found on the road bed at Eighth
Crossing, between Reno and Derby,
this morning, having been run over
by a train during the night. His
pockets were turned out and his head
was crushed as If by a "billy" of some
sort. The theory that murder and rob
bery had been committed and the body
placed on the track to hide the crime
was advanced.
Coroner Updike was summoned and
held an inquest over the remains. Be
cause of lack of evidence a verdict of
accidental death was returned.
Sunday Bay Excursion.
Family excursion to points of Interest around
the bay in six counties on Sunday at 10:13
a. m. from Sausallto Ferry slip, foot of. Mar
ket street; 5O cents round trip; Graeber'» or
chestra; no liquors or gambling allowed. G«t
your tickets at regular ticket offlc«. as out-
Ride solicitors do not sell for steamer "Sau
sallto." v •
A ride through lovely val>ys and over moun
tain ranges is what you will enjoy oa th« ex
cursion to Wllllts next Sunday. October 9. •
AUBURN, Oct. 7. — While Michael
Phelan was out hunting 1 yesterday he
saw what he thought was a deer in
the bushes and fired. The supposed
deer was an Indian squaw. She was
taken to the County Hospital, where
several shots were removed. She is
not seriously hurt.
Mistakes Squaw for Deer.
SEATTLE, Oct. 7.— At 2 o'clock this
afternoon, thirteen minutes before the
scheduled time, the battleship Nebras
ka left her ways at Moran Brothers'
shipyard in this city and slid gracefully
and majestically into the waters of
Puget Sound. The launching was en
tirely successful and no hitch marred
the proceedings. The only reason the
vessel was launched ahead of time was
that by a slight miscalculation the
poppet (a wooden brace) at the bow was
raising the vessel too high, and in the
opinion of experts it was better that
the supports be knocked away without
delay.
Fully 50.000 people viewed the cere
monies and saw the big vessel slip Into
the water. She created but a very small
wave as Ehe took her maiden plunge
and floated out gently and gracefully.
Naval men who viewed the launching
stated that it was the most successful
they ever saw. •
The Nebraska weighs more than any
vessel ever before launched for the
United States navy. Immediately after
the launching the big Alaska liners
that hovered about her, with decks
black with excursionists, looked dimin
utive beside her.
Miss Mary Main Mickey, the daugh
ter of Governor Mickey of Nebraska,
christened the vessel.
The battleship Nebraska's contract
price Is 53.733,600; length, 441 feet 3
Inches; beam, 76 feet 2% inches;
draught, 23 feet 9 Inches; displacement,
15,000 tons; weight at launching, 14.500.
000 pounds; speed, 19 knots, indicated
horsepower, 19,000; engines, two four
cylinder triple expansion; boilers, 12
tubular. Her main battery consists of
four twelve-inch guns, eight eight-inch
and twelve six-Inch guns. In her sec
ondary battery she carries fourteen
three-inch guns, twelve three-pounders,
sixteen small guns and four 21-inch tor
pedo tubes. She has two superimposed
turrets and two waist turrets. Her
armor consists of a belt eight feet wide
and eleven Inches thick, casemate six
Inches thick; twelve-inch turrets,
twelve, eight and six inches thick;
eight-inch turrets, six and a half and
six inches thick; protective deck one
and a half and three Inches thick, gun
protection six and two inches thick.
The vessel has two military masts
and three smokestacks; total weight of
ammunition, 400 tons; total weight of
powder, one round, 3200 pounds; total
weight of shot, one round, 7100 pounds;
total weight of armor, 3600 tons; total
weight of armament, 800 tons; total
weight of coal, 1950 tons; complement,
officers 40, crew 772, including 60 ma
rines.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO, Oct. 7.— Mrs. Margaret
Gundermann, who resICes at 262 Root
street, was saved' from death to-night
by the <juick action and bravery of
the man from whom Fhe was divorced
five years ago. She had been knocked
d«-wn by an electric car on Sixty-third
Ftre-et and fell in front of a heavy
track.
Harry Oundermann heard her scream
and at the risk of his own life leaped
In front of the truck ana rescued h«r.
He carried her in his arms to a drug
Ftore and when he learned the identity
of the woman he had saved from death
he insisted upon her being taken to his
oivn home.
Chicago Man Risks His Own
Life to Save Divorced
Wife From Awful Death
Uncle Sam's New Fighting
Machine, Battleship Ne
braska, Glides Down Ways
Pasadena Man Refuses to Complete
Deal With Easterner and Gun-
Play Is Threatened.
PASADENA. Oct. 7.— The possession
of one of this city's leading tourist
hotels, the Lapinboresca. Is In dispute.
George Wilson of Chicago arrived to
day to take possession. He claims that
he traded $130,000 worth of realty in
Milwaukee for the house. M. D. Paint
er, the proprietor, says the property
was misrepresented to him and that he
repudiates the trade. Wilson says he
will take possession to-morrow, at the
point of a gun if necessary-
WOULD RATHER HAVE HOTEL
THAN MILWAUKEE REALTY
ACCIDENT MAY
REUNITE THEM
Big Deal Involves Much Money and
Valuable Holdings Now Being
Oj>ernted by Syndicate.
MARYSVILLE. Oct. 7. — To-day a
deal was closed in this city whereby
James O'Brien transfers to R. E.
Craustor, W. C. Hendricks and other
Sacramentans 12S0 acres of dredge
mining land. The price is understood
to be *100 an acre. The land lies in
the Tuba River bottoms and is now
being mined by the W. P. Hammon
syndicate, which has two dredges at
work and four more under construc
tion.
The purchasers, who fully prospect
ed the land during the past year, ¦will
immediately nut two immense dredges
at work turning over the gravel.
BEGINS LIFE
UPON THE SEA
SACRAMENTO CAPITALISTS '
INVEST IN MINING LAND
PORTLAND. Oct. 7.— Law officers of
two States are on the lookout for Lieu
tenant Thomas M. Boone of the Nine
teenth Infantry. While under arrest at
Vancouver Barracks. Wash., Boons
broke guard and fled, It Is believed,
across the Canadian border.
Whlla stationed at Fort Lawton. the
lieutenant was a frequent visitor at
Seattle. During a round of gayety he
created a sensation in a theater. Facts
concerning the trouble were sup
pressed at the time, as It was thought
Boone would be punished by the mili
tary authorities. He was brought to
the headquarters of the Department of
the Columbia, at Vancouver Barracks,
where it was expected a court-martial
would be held, but before the military
could be convened, Lieutenant Boone
made his escape.
It is believed the truant officer head
ed for Seattle, where he remained sev
eral days without being arrested.
While there he spent considerable time
In the society of a woman who left the
ctly shortly after he did. It Is believed
he» crossed the line to British Colum
bia, where he would be free from ar
rest, as his offense, the principal feat
ure of which is desertion from the
army, is not of a nature to permit of
his being extradited.
Boone rose from the ranks, having
been commissioned three years ago.
He is said to have been a model sol
dier before his elevation to the dignity
of an officer.
WOODLAND, Oct. 7.— During an
electric storm of unusual violence this
afternoon lightning struck the Bay
Counties Power Company's main line
near Woodland and burned out the
principal transformer In this city. To
night the city is bereft of light and
electric power. Institutions which de
pend upon electricity for power are
making arrangements to use steam and
other devices for the next several days.
The lightning was accompanied by a
very heavy rainfall. It Is estimated
that nearly an inch of rain fell in an
hour. The result will be heavier dam
age to grapes, which were already ma
terially injured by the September rains.
AUBURN, Oct. 7.— Six inches of rain
have fallen up to date in Placer Coun
ty. Last season there was no rain
until October 9. The rain this year has
been warm and has benefited the
grass, which is already two inches
high. Some little damage has been
done to grapes.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 7.— A heavy rain
began falling this morning and con
tiued practically all day. Precipitation
is about one inch. Considerable dam
age will probably result to grapes,
which are not yet all gathered.
COLUSA, Oct. 7.— A light rain com
menced falling here this evening and
will probably continue through the
night. Many prunes and raisins still
in the drying yards will be damaged.
VALLEJO, Oct. ".—Rain fell in tor
rents here to-day and to-night. Indi
cations are that the downpour will con
tinue for some time.
BAKERSFIELD. Oct. 7.— A heavy
rain fell here this afternoon. The effect
upon crops is expected to be generally
beneficial.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 7.— Slight showers,
heavy clouds and south wind are the
features of to-day here.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7.— A light rain
began falling here shortly before noon
and rain has continued to fall intermit
tently throughout the afternoon. The
indications are favorable for rain
throughout to-night.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 7.— Gil P. Hall, a
Petaluma attorney and hotel man, had
a lively scrap there this morning with
Officer Pat Mego.
The details of the fight differ, Hall
contending that the policeman attacked
him without provocation, while Mego
alleges that while he was passing Hall
on the streets the latter made a move
ment as if to draw a weapon. Fearing
an attack he clubbed Hall with the
butt end of his revolver, inflicting sev
eral scalp wounds. Hall's hat broke
the force of the blows and saved him
from severe injuries. The headgear
was battered to pieces.
Trouble had been brewing between
the men for more than a year and the
bad feeling that has existed has caused
the belligerents to watch each other's
every move. To-day when Mego saw
a movement that did not look right to
him he started in to secure an advan
tage. Hall was unarmed and finally
ran from his assailant.
Hall will take the matter before the
Board of Trustees at their next meet
ing. Mego has been engaged in fights
before in Petaluma, but has a good rec
ord as a policeman. He has been on
the force there a number of years.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— Although an
official funeral, the services in St.
John's Church to-day over the body of
the late Henry C. Payne, Postmaster
General, were marked by impressive
simplicity. Official Washington filled
the nave of the church and brilliant as
were the uniforms of the representa
tives of the army, navy and marine
corps, the solemnity of the scene was
only enhanced by the sharp contrast
of color with the deep mourning of the
family and personal friends of the dead
Cabinet officer.
With Mrs. Payne sat President and
Mrs. Roosevelt, both in deep mourn
ing. The entire right side of the
church was occupied by the officials of
the Postofflce Department, headed by
Robert J. Wynne, the acting Post
master General. The diplomatic corps,
the chiefs of the bureaus of the Navy
Department, the commandant of the
marine corps, members of the Supreme
Court, Senators and Congressmen and
other officials filled the remaining
space.
The funeral party was met at the
door by the Rev. .Roland Cottonfalth,
rector of St. John's, and his assistants.
The procession formed at the tran
script door, the rector leading the way
and reading from the burial service erf
the Episcopal church. The casket was
borne to the chancel by eight uniform
ed postal carriers. After them walked
the pallbearers— Secretary Hay, Secre
tary Hitchcock and Secretary Wilson,
the only members of the Cabinet who
were able to reach Washington for the
funeral.
Mrs. Payne entered the church sup
ported by Charles S. Jones and his
sister, Miss Louise Jones, the nephew
and niece of Mrs. Payne, and followed
by a few personal friends.
The service was read by Rev. Mr.
Smith and his assistant. Rev. Mr. Dun
lap, the only alteration in the regular
order of service being the offering of a
special prayer for Mrs. Payne. The
hymns sung during the service were
"Lead, Kindly Light," and "Jesus,
Lover of My Soul." For the reces
sional, the vested choir sang "Hark,
Hark, My Soul." The selections were
made by Mrs. Payne and are her fa
vorite hymns. -
The chancel was fragrant with flow
ers sent by friends from all over the
country. The only flowers on the cas
ket were those of Mrs. Payne, a larg«
sheaf of Faster lilies, a wreath of
white roses and carnations from the
President and Mrs. Roosevelt, and a
cluster of violets, gardenias and palms,
the offerings of Miss Jones.
The members of the diplomatic corps,
out of respect for the dead Cabinet of
ficer, were dressed in black.
The special train carrying the body
and the funeral party to Milwaukee
left the Pennsylvania station this aft
ernoon. Secretary of Agriculture Wil
son is the only Cabinet officer who
went with the train, but the plans
contemplate that Secretaries Shaw and
Metcalf will join the funeral party
later.
Disciple of Blackstone Com
pelled to Take to His Heels
to Escape Punishment
Body Then Taken by Special
Train to Milwaukee, Where
the Burial Will Take Place
Storm Plays Havoc in Yolo
County and Adds to Losses
Caused by September Kain
Leave Taking of Soldier Is
Followed by Departure of
His Seattle Woman Friend
OFFICER IS VICTORIOUS
GOES OVER TO CANADA
WOODLAND IN DABKNESS
PRESIDENT ATTENDS
Petaluma Constable and At
torney Have Lively Fight
in Sonoma County Town
pal Transformer of Bay
Counties Power Company
Lightning Destroys Princi-
Simple but Impressive Fu
neral Services Held at
St. John's in Washington
Authorities TVant Lieuten
ant of Infantry, TYho Dis
graced Himself in North
San Francisco to Have a Handsome
Haff for Concerts and Musicafes
BEATS LAWYER
WITH REVOLVER
TRIBUTE PAID
PAYNE'S MEMORY
ARMY OFFICER
ESCAPES GUARD
LIGHT IS SHUT
OFF BY A BOLT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8. 1904.
5
FREE FREE • FREE.
TEA — -—
-_ GARDEN __
'— DRIPS.
A QUART CAN OF SYRUP
For the table. Upon this prod-
uct the Pacific Coast Syrup Co.
has built up its reputation.
A CAN FREE
; > WITH WANT ADS
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied page.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A touch is enough for
cleanliness. That is why
Pears' soap lasts so.
Pears' shaving soap is
the best in all the world
: ' " Established orer ioo year*. ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<^sp3i>5SiiBs2oB>^
IRISH
MOSS
COUCH
BALSAM
PRESCRIBED BT THE BEST
THTSICIANS FOR
Ccr.rts. Cclds. Eoarientu, Bron-
cbitia. Crcnp In Children, and.
!Ai: Throat and Lussr Troubles
Try a bottle to-day; don't wait till the
! doctor says "CONSUMPTION."
I 25c: 50c AT ALL 2KTTGGISTS
i GORES IN A DAY
•
A Striking Effect
The color and artistic finish
that is put on your linen at United
States Laundry is always produced.
When you want your collars, cuffs and
shirts to look like new and feel like
new, bring them to the best laundry.
UNUED STATES LAUNDBY,
1004 MAKKET STREET.
Telephone South 420.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D AMI ANA BITTERS. THE
Gmt Mexican Remedy; giro health and
•trcsctB to eexcal organs. Depot. 323 Market.
fl [&C Mutton Chops. fil s
JA^^SjS-^— Materials: — Chops at least on; Jrim.
vPS illll l\(\ * nc k c^ an< * neatly trimmed; wAwgl
/^&s^LJ' (\y\ *dt and pepper to taste. fffiqig
Lea & Perrins 9
Sauce
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning: F° r broiled chops, steaks, cutlets, etc., nothing is re-'
quired sare butter and some of Lea C5» Perrins' Sauce.
When panned, add to the gravy two or three table-
spoonfuls of Lea C& Perrins' Sauce before pouring it
over the chops.
JOHM DUNCAM'S SONS, Agent*, NEW TO1K.
'Hi through"' '
¦¦¦TOURIST SLEEPERS
Hsa ™ FOR ST. LOUIS
DATES:
SEPTEMBER 23. 29.
OCTOBEB 3. 4. 5, 8. 19. 80, 26. 27. %
FROM SAN FRANCISCO: !
On Southern Pacific train No. 4 at 9 a. m. with day-
light ride through Salt Lake City and Scenic Colorado,
over Rio Grande Railway. All sleepers carried via
Denver, thence East on the Burlington's fast through
trains to St. Louis. A standard through sleeper to St.
Louis every day at 6 p. m. Same route.
RATES:
All the low Special World's Fair Excursion Rates
authorized from California points apply for these Bur-
lington Excursions; other Excursions on frequent
dates to Chicago. r
Call on or write . |
General Asrent, W. X>. SAKTBOB2T. Baxlinsrton- Ticket O3ct. \ .' %
631 ltlXXZT ST. (Under Palace Hotel). > . |
Ban Pranci«co. IWIFE TELL8 HER STORY.— Oakranfl. Oct.
7. — Mrs. Paulino Scott obtained a dWorc'e de
cree to-day from C. A. Scott, a railroad em
ploye, whom Bhe accused of Infidelity. "Tha
woman's testimony was of such a character
as> to call for Its hearing behind closed doors.
Philip Peck, a wealthy sugar grow
er of Hilo, and his daughter, are guests
at the California.
Sydney Paige and C. ¦W. Purrlngton
of "Washington, D. C, arrived at the St.
Francis yesterday. •
J. F. Norton of Los Angeles, chief
counsel of the Santa Fe road, arrived
at the Palace yesterday.
E. P. and J. S. Washbura, proprie
tors of the Yosemlte Turnpike and
Stage Company, are at the Palace.
E. O. Hayes. Republican nominee
for Congressman from the Fifth Dis
trict, and his wife are at the Palace.
Dr. Oronhyatekha of Toronto, head
of the Independent Order of Foresters,
arrived here yesterday from the East
and is staying at the Occidental.
£ J. M. Collins, one of the Grand Ho
tel's popular clerks, who has been
spending his vacation in Mendocino
County hunting big gams, has re
turned to this city.
William B. Craig, a well-known at
torney and the Republican nominee for
District Attorney of Washoo County,
Nevada, is down from Reno and regis
tered at the Palace.
Charles Heggerty, the well-known
attorney, leaves to-night for the East.
He goes first to Lexington on , legal
matters and will then visit Washing
ton and other large cities.
Samuel G.. Fulton, general "Western
freight agent of the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, who has been at
the St. Francis for the last ten days.
will leave for Portland to-morrow
night.
Chllde Hassam, one' of the celebrat
ed painters of the United States is
visiting the various art headquarters
of. San Francisco. The scenes sur
rounding Monterey afford him special
delight. He has resolved to put Cy
press Point on canvas. He will go
there and hold the hand of nature be
fore beginning the actual work J of
painting the picture.
Dr. A. O. Ekardt of Gualala Is at th»
Palace.
Dr. G. P. Doyle and wife of Bishop
are at the Grand.
. Congressman James McLachlan of
Pasadena is at the Palace.
Former Congressman 'M. J. Daniels
of Riverside ia at the Palace.
John J. Wyatt, a mining man of
Quartzsite, Ariz., is at the Palace.
Judge Solon O. Hall of Sacramento
was among yesterday's arrivals at the
Grand.
R. Gunoli, a young merchant of San
Salvador, and his family are at the
Palace.
David Davis, a prominent Eastern
manufacturer, is staying at the St.
Francis. •
PEHSONALu
BERKELEY, Oct. 1. — The midnight
Berkeley train going north was held
up last night by stop signals placed
upon the track. The crew stepped off
the cars and an investigation was
made. The engineer saw nothing
ahead and after a thorough search it
was discovered that there was no ob
struction upon the rails.- A number of
young men supposed to be students
were seen in the vicinity late in the
evening, though no one would lay the
cause of the trouble to them.
Think Students Stopped Train.
An Audubon Society for the prevention, of
the use of bird plumage for decorative pvxr
poses has been fecou-d. T%e first meeting will
bo held at MJss Wrmrs School October 13. whea
the members will be enrolled.
BEHKELKY. Oct. 7. — Professor 'llorjri
will give a lecture October 17 in Italian. h:a
subject being '•The School System of Italy."
This will be the first of a series of lecrur a
given under the auspices of tha Italian club.
which has just been organized.
A reception was given thla afternoon o
Miss Bentley. »*cretary of the T. W. C. A..
who haa just returned from a trip abroad,
where she has been studying tha necessities cf
Christian work among foreign nations. Th»
reception was held from 4 to ft o'clock a-nd
took the place of the regular Friday meeting.
An elaborate programme waa enjoyed to
night, wlwa the women of '08 gave a reception
to the men of this year. Over 400 invitations
were issued and nearly this number of th«
"naughty eights" were present. The affair la
¦aid to be but one of a series of Interchange
able receptions intended to make th* social i^s
of the university more interesting.
Approximately JOjO was realized for the
University of California from the recent pro
duction of "Hamlet." The total number pres
ent, including- both morning and afternoon per
formances, was 4S1S.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Lord Justice Vaughan Williams of
England: owns several butcher. shops.
REPORTS ON WORK OF Y. W. C."'A.--
Oakland, Oct. 7. — Reports on the work of the
various departments of the Young Women's
Christian Association show that tha associa
tion ia flouriabin*. . • ™
BODY IS IDENTIFIED.— Alameda, Oct. 7.—
Joseph A. Chabot, George Lawder and Robert
Russell of San Francisco to-day Identified the
body, found on the shore at the West End
yesterday as - that of Albert Harris, a laborer,
who roomed at the lodging-house conducted by
Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Loitbed, 414 Jackson street,
San Francisco. . *.- ' . . ¦
VETERAN OF CIVIL WAR -DEAD. —Oak
land, Oct. 7.— William W. Hdogs. a veteran of
th*. Civil War, .died Tuesday evening at his
home,- tiO .VaUey itmet v aged 60 . years. I The
deceased was a member of Company A. Veteran
Reserves, and the Society of California Pio
neers. He* leaves a son. .William E_ Hoogs. and
a "brother. Albert F. Hoogs. The funeral will
be held from , the late, residenco of ..th» . <ja
ceased.at 2:3O-p. m, Sunday, i
DEATH OF WILLIAM WHALLET.—Ala
meda, Oct. 7.— William Whalley died this after
noon at the Alameda Sanitarium. He was a
native of England, 58 years old, and the
father of Gertrude, Ernest, Mabel. Frank, El
sie and George Whalley and Mrs. Joseph B.
Watson Jr. His funeral will be conducted by
the Masons.
BABY EATS QL.ASS AND LJVES.—Oak
land, Oct. 7. — Lowell Barbagelata. 2 years old.
eon of Mr. and Mrs. Frank. Barbagelata of 817
Castro street 'chewed and- swallowed a. glass
tube containing candles, imperiling ¦ his life.
Dr. J..I*. Mayon has the infant in hand and
is boDeful. that the baby will not. die.
OAKLAND, Oct. 7. — Mrs. Minnie
Arnett succeeded in convincing Judge
Ogden in thirty minutes' this after
noon that her .husband had left her
for the company of an ' actress of
whom he had become enamored. She
alleged desertion and incidentally said
that Charles Arnett had contributed
little or nothing for the support of
herself and one child. "Take your de
cree," said Judge Ogden, after listen
ing to the woman's simple story.".
Grants Divorce Decree.
Court Hears Mrs. Arnett's Story and
LEFT HIS WIFE FOR.
ACTRESS 1 "COMPANY
OAKLAND, Oct. 7. — Barring delays
from rain, work on the Dr. Samuel
Merritt Hospital will begin this month,
according to the announcement of Dr.
P. L. Wheeler and W. B. Bosley, the
trustees, j The site is the former home
of the Pacific Theological Seminary,
east of Telegraph avenue, near Haw
thorne street. The hospital was the
object of a large bequest by the late
Dr. Merritt. It will cost nearly
5500,000.. :*?:1
Will Start Merritt Hospital.
OAKLAND, Oct. 7. — The estate of
Johanna Harrigan, an aged domestic
of San Francisco, who died in this
city on August 10, Is to be taken in
charge by Public Administrator Hynes
of San Francisco, despite the efforts of
Public Administrator Gray to be de
clared by the court the proper of
ficial to act in, the matter. Argument
In the contest between the rival Ad
ministrators was made by attorneys
for the officials before Judge Hall to
day and the decision favored Admin
istrator Hynes of San Francisco. Mrs.
Harrigan had lived in San Francisco
for many years and accumulated a
small fortune from her savings.
She was visiting friends in Oakland
when she died and the court conclud
ed that despite this circumstance her
estate should be administered in San
Francisco.
"Billy" Hynes Wins Out.
OAKLAND, Oct. 7. — After adopting
resolutions calling upon the Legisla
ture to pass laws designed to fur
ther the agricultural interests of Cal
ifornia the State Grange adjourned
to-night sine die.
The grange asks the Legislature to
appropriate a sum sufficient to erect
buildings for a college of agriculture
at the State University and to secure
land for an experimental station there.
Other resolutions approved by the
grange call for a law making instruc
tion in agriculture part of the course
of study in rural schools, suggest the
passage of more equitable taxation
laws and favor equal suffrage.
Professor Carl Plehn of the State
University gave an address on "Tax
ation" to-day, pointing out defects In
taxation laws and suggesting reme
dies.
State Grange Adopts Resolutions Call
ing for Measures in* the Interest
of the Farmers.
BERKELEY, Oct. 7. — The students'
presentation of Sophocles' "Ajax,"
which is scheduled to be presented at
the Greek Theater October 13, may be
postponed. Miss Mabel Hay Barrows,
who Is aiding In drilling the student
performers and is cast for the role of
"Tecmessa," is sick with pneumonia-
While she is not seriously ill there Is a
chance that the much mooted play
will be delayed. If Miss Barrows is
confined to her home for but a few
days longer the play will of necessity
be postponed. The chorus rehearsal
13 still going on as well as that of the
principals.
May Postpone "A jax."
University Extension Work.
OAKLAND. Oct. 7. — A University
of California extension center has
been organized to listen to Professor
Henry Morse Stephens* course of lec
tures on the French Revolution,
which will be delivered at the Com
mon School assembly hall, commenc
ing October 19. The membership fee
has been fixed at $2 for the course of
lectures. The officers of the center
are: President, Miss E. Sherman;
secretary, Hiss* M. E. Norton: treas
urer, Miss M. A. Sullivan; librarian.
Miss Margaret Wythe; executive com
mittee, Mrs. Shafer Howard, Miss Ma
bel Gray, Miss Laura Glenn, the Rev.
E. E. Baker, J. P. Garllck and J. W.
McClymonds. The center, which has
200 members, will be established as a
permanent organization.
ARRESTS UNION PRESIDENT.— Oakland.
Oct. 7. — J. B. Martin quarreled with Thomas
Gallagher, president of the Teamsters" Union,
about payment of dues. Gallagher was ar
rested on complaint of Martin on a charge of
battery. The case will be heard in the Police
Court
FOR AGRICULTURE BUILDING
AT THE STATE UNIVERSITY
He was dressed in a black sack coat,
black striped pants, black satin shirt,
gray cap and black lace shoes. Tha
socks were gray and the underwear
was of good quality. Nothing was
found in the pockets by which the re
mains could be Identified. The ap
pearance of the man's hands indicated
that he was an iron worker or ma
chinist.
Nothing Found on tbe Body to Indi
cate Who He Was.
OAKLAND. Oct. 7. — An unidentified
man about 45 years old committed sui
cide at 7:30 o'clock this evening at
the Plaza, Eleventh and Harrison
streets, by shooting himself in the
head with a revolver. The shot at
tracted the attention of passers-by and
the man was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, but he was dead when placed
on the operating table. .The body was
removed to the morgue.
UNKNOWN MAN SHOOTS
HIMSELF IN OAKLAND
OAKLAND, Oct. 7. — Denial is made
by the four daughters of Xelson
Bump in papers filed with the County
Clerk to-day cf the charge made by
their stepmother, Mrs. Sarah Bump,
of having unduly influenced their
father against the wife when he made
his will. Bump died a year ago. leav
ing an estate valued at about $50,000.
Mrs. Bump, dissatisfied with her share
of the estate, brought, suit to contest
the will and alleged that her husband
had been unduly influenced against
her by the daughters, her stepchil
dren. It Is this charge which the
daughters now formally deny.
Children of Xelson Bump Say He
Made Will Without Their
Assistance.
The death certificate of the Reese child was
signed by Dr. Brown, a reputable physician,
and on the strength of that document I issued
the burial permit. The certificate asserts that
death was due to phosphorous poisoning and
I am satisfied that that was correct. I did
not deem it was a case for the Coroner to
investigate, as the cause of the child's death
was apparent and there was nothing further
to investigate. Coroners are relics of past
agea and expensive to the poor man. Every
inquest costs the taxpayers no less than S25
and what are the resulting benefits? I do
not recall an Inquest in Alameda County in
Blv years that recompensed the taxpayers for
what it cost. Reputable physicians can be
depended upon to give the cause of death and
the Coroner accomplishes but little, if any,
more. I know of m6re than one instance
where verdict* were brought In that were not
In accordance with the circumstances attend
ing the death of the person upon whom the
inquest was held. If such things can be
what is the use of Coroners' investigations?
Deputy Coroner Fowler asserts that
he was acting within his sphere as an
undertaker when he buried the Reese
child. He affirms that after Dr. Brown
signed the death certificate and Dr.
Stidham issued the burial permit he
proceeded legally in conducting the
funeral. Dr. Brown is at present out
of the city. >"-.:'
ALAMEDA. Oct. 7.— Health Officer
Dr. L. W. Stidham believes that Cor
oners, are relics of the dark ages, an
expensive attachment to county gov
ernment, and could be dispensed with
to advantage and without endangering
the rights of the populace. These are
substantially the views expressed by
the physician in talking of the case of
two-year-old Raymond Reese, who
died Tuesday from phosphorous poison
ing, due to eating matches, and who
was buried Wednesday by Deputy Cor
oner James Fowler without the formal
ity of an inquest.
Coroner H. B. Mehrmann has de
clared that he will order an investiga
tion of the case and in it will be in
volved Dr. Maurice W. Brown, who
signed the child's death certificate.
Health Officer Stidham, who signed the
burial permit, and Deputy Coroner
Fowler. Concerning the part he took
In the matter Health Officer Stidham
eaid:
DAUGHTERS DEXY
STEPMOTHER'S CHARGE
Alameda Health Officer Is
Convinced Inquests Are a
Uelic of the Dark Ages
OAKLAND, Oct. 7. — Attorneys rep
resenting Alexander Barrie cleared
the way to-day for a hearing of his
divorce suit without regard to tech
nicalities by withdrawing Barrie's de
murrer to a cross-complaint made by
his wife, who contests the action.
Barrie, a commercial traveler *j of
Berkeley, was sued for divorce a year
ago. His wife charged him with
making the home atmosphere such as
to corrupt the morals of their young
daughter. Fred "Wade, a nephew,
with also a niece of Barrie residing
in the home, was implicated in Mrs.
Barrie's charges of wrong doing
against her husband.
The woman declared that Barrie
and Wade procured her incarceration
in an asylum, when, as she alleged,
she was , perfectly sane. Judge Og
den denied her a divorce. Barrie
promptly brought suit for divorce, al
leging cruelty. . His wife responded
with a cross-complaint, charging him
with unfaithfulness. -His demurrer to
this cross-complaint was filed some
time ago, but was withdrawn to-day,
it being Barrie's purpose to permit
the case to be tried without giving at
tention to the technicalities.
Alexander Barrio Will Contest Her
Application for a Divorce, Fighting
Case on Original Issues.
WITHDRAWS DEMURRER
TO ITIS WIFE'S SUIT
SAYS CORONERS
ARE USELESS
Mrs. ' Eddy's order" has 'been! discussed by
our .members with relation | to Its possible ef
fect, on the club, \Of. course there, have been
resignations aince the, law was promulgated
but ' I irnist ! confess .; I . have not • bt*>n ¦ able to
trace the cause of withdrawal . to the - order
though it is quite -possible 'that if. has had
it* effect. on ¦ 60me.. Christian Scientists' Our
membership is close to fiOQ and ¦ there are
changes consjantjy. The subject has. been one
of considerable interest. ; however/ and no doubt
women's clubs generally, have given it thought.
This edict la a by-law of the church and
relates to men as well as to women; in fact,
the law includes all members of our church.
I have heard that; several members of tha
Ebell Club and- other clubs of have al
ready resigned. The "law 'of the church la
plain and each' member must 'decide for him
¦elf.
Mrs. J. B. Hume, president r of the
Ebell Society, said to-nightr- .
I find that the majority favor Mrs. Eddy's
'action. It has long been noted that the grow
ing interest in clubs and organizations outside
the church and home, and especially those
clubs which segregate the sexes, have sup
ported the growing tendency to disunion in
the church and home. • „• • The action of
the Christian Science ' Church Is not Intended
to depreciate in any degree the good accom
plished by fraternal orders, but simply points
to another way of doing It. The Christian
Science Church, however, does not propose to
dictate terms to other denominations- nor to
interfere In any way with the fraternal or
ganizations and clubs; it only asks the priv
ilege of accomplishing within Itself tha ends
for which .such .organizations are Intended,
thereby unifying the motives and efforts of its
members.
Elmer McBurney said:
That there h'as been &> resignation of
members from the Ebell Society is the
understanding of •, Elmer McBurney,
temporarily filling the place of the Rev.
F. J. Fluno, as head of the Christian
Science Church of Oakland. So far
: as the leaders are concerned they de
fend Mrs. Eddy's dictum and assert
that it is entirely consistent with the
general tendencies of the teachings.
McBurhey is borne out In his state
ments as to withdrawal of Christian
Scientists from \ interdicted clubs by
Mrs. D. C. Borland, a member of the
Ebell, 1 who says several members have
retired in accordance with the order
rather . than to stand against the
church " of their belief. ., i
The . direction to the Scientists ap
pears in a 'recently issued church man
ual as one* of the by-laws adopted by
the general board of directors. It is
set forth under a caption "Church Or
ganization Ample." The publicity
given the rule and the effect it must
have in compelling faithful members to
choose between their club or their
church has aroused wide discussion in
the church, and among the clubs where
Christian Scientists have been en
rolled. Here Is an opinion from Alfred
Farlow of Boston, Mass., touching the
much-agitated by-law:
OAKLAND. Oct. 7.— "Members of
the mother . church shall not be made
members of clubs or organizations, the
Freemasons excepted, which shall ex
clude either sex or are not named in
the manual of the mother church. God
separates the tares from the wheat to
garner the latter in his storehouses."
Such is the edict that has been Issued
by the % Christian Scientists of the
United States at the instance of Mary
Baker Eddy, acknowledged head of the
cult. Promulgation of the order has
stirred the women's clubs of this city
to the centers. Though the movement
toward withdrawal of members has not
been sufficiently strong to warrant se
rious consideration as to status, there
•has been no little discussion among the
club women, as it is known there are
many such who are affiliated with the
Christian Scientists.
Mr. and MrB. Edward F. Hughes have Ju>!t
moved into their delightful little cottace ct
425 Orange street, and last night Miss Lucia
Oliver engineered a "surprise party" that
proved to be a charming affair.
The carrots have not been laid yet in the
Hughes dwelling, and the new, smooth floors
were Inviting to dancers, ao, with music and
dancing, the genial host and hostess were
happily installed in their new home.
In the party of surprlsers were: Mrs. Oliver,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Bllger, Mr. and Mrs. R.
B. Ayres, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Patterson. Mr.
and Mrs. A. J. Platt. Mr. and Mrs. .Will Mc-
Donald, .Mr. and Mra. Ben Woolner. Mr. and
Mrs. Gene Ellis, Miss Schelley, Miss Edna
Tretheway, Miss Kennedy, Miss Morse, Miss
Ruth Morse. Miss Marlon Miller, Miss Emily
Thompson, H. P. Dalton, Dr. Frank Jackson,
Oeorge Featherston Seth Talcott and Ed
Smith.
A pretty little coterie of girls and young
matrons gathered at Miss Pope's 1 home to-day
to honor Miss Fore, among the guests being
Miss Fore. Mies Nathalie Fore, Miss Claire
Chabot, Miss Ethel Valentine. Mlsw Grace
Baldwin. Miss Edith Gasklll. Miss Jane Crel
lin. Miss Grace Sanborn, Miss KnowleS, Miss
Ruth Knowlea. Mrs. Philip Clay. Mrs. E.
Conde Jones. Mrs. Willard Williamson. Miss
Bertha Young, Mrs. George Hammer, Mrs.
Montel Taylor, Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld, Miss
Carrie Nicholson, Miss Florence Hush and Mrs.
Harry Fair.
It begins to look as If the weather clark
had a grudge against the ladies of St. Paul's.
Their bazaar was to have been an al fresco
affair two weeks ago, but the deluge that
dazed even the oldest inhabitant necessitated
a postponement thereof. Another date, the Mh,
was selected, and now a drizzling attempt at
rain forboue a dismal to-morrow. But the
cheeriness of such women as Mrs. Harrison
Clay, Mrs. Wheaton, MiM Florinne Brown, the
charming Oliver girls and the scores of others
who will be in attendance ought to furnish
sunshine enough for the darkest day. Ebell.
which Is pretty without decoration, will be In
gayest cala attire, and with all the gorgeous
booths and their fascinatlnK attendant* there
promises to be no plcasanter place in Oakland
to-morrow than the Indoor "garden fete" at
Ebell. Visitors phould go early, too, and stay
late, for a splendid programme by such well
known musicians as Miss Winifred June Mor
gan, Miss Emmabrlle Zucker, Mrs. Maxwell
Tart. Lowell Redneld and Ernest McCandlish
Is to be (riven, and no one number can be
missed without an artistic loes.
OAKLAND. Oct. 7. — A» a slender sapling
In the blast, so Is custom Inclined and twisted
by society's whim. Saturday, that erstwhile
was "given over to plebeians and others at the
foot of the social ladder. Is now favored of
the Bmart set — it has received the stamp or
fashion' 9 approval, and no day In the week is
so crowded with affairs that demand the so
ciety maid's or matron's attention.
Each day of the past week has held Its
meed of social pleasure, but to-morrow's cal
endar is filled and overflowing. The bazaar
for St. Paul's Chancel Chanter at Ebell will
of course call out the charitably inclined as
well as the devotee of fashion. Mrs. William
Lynham Shlels' afternoon for her two little
daughters is for to-morrow, and the big tea
that Mrs. Will Bacon, Miss Chapman and Miss
Mecartney are giving for Miss Tisdale Is also
a Saturday event.
Mrs. Larkey and Miss Ida Larkey will add
to to-morrow's festivity with an Informal tea
for Mra. Melville Oozier, and the first assem
bly of the Saturday Night Club will round up
the day.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
FASHION'S DAY.
Prelude, funeral ir.arrh (Chopin), William
B King; opening address, Philip M. Walsh;
• octralto solo. "Abide With Me." S. Liddle.
Mrs. Carroll-Nicholson; invocation. Rev. Er
tipst H. Bakor; cornet solo, "The Palms"
iKauret Thomas Valerga; barytone solo,' "My
Prayer" <E- T. M. Kckert). M. Fitiger
aM. past rrand president: bass solo.
"Trayer" (Tost:>. Frank FMijone; eulogy.
Grand Third Vice President Maurice T. Dool
in*r; "Softly Now the Ught of Day" (Coll),
Klks f Quartet; benediction. Rev. W. Carson
Sh»w; postlude, funeral march (Beethoven).
OAKLAND, Oct. 7. — The memorial
day services of the Xative Sons of the
city will be held at the First Unitarian
Church, corner of Fourteenth and Cas
tro streets, Sunday at 2 p. m. Arrange
ments for the service have been made
by the same committee that had
charge of the Admission day celebra
tion. The members of the committee
are:
S K. Cobbledlck. E. F. Garrison, F. Bar
rett H G. Williams, H. N. Gard. Hon. J. R.
KnowUr.d J. J. McElroy. Frank Smith, Al
Kihn. Heiiry Sarenoro. Beach Dean. D. W.
l>oody and G. V. Gross.
The order of exercises follows:
Grand Vice President JIaurice T.
Pooling Will Deliver Eulogy at
First Unitarian Church. *
NATIVE SONS TO ITOLiD
MEMORIAL. SERVICES
Perhaps the moat diverting feature of th«
performance is the skillful and consistent side
stepping of the issue which has gone on all
along the line. Each party concerned passes
the buck along to the next one, thereby pre
venting the responsibility from locating In a
definite spot. The* result of this system la
easy to see. The negotiations are In exactly
the position that they wera four weeks ago.
when application was first made; they have
traveled in a circle.
BERKELEY, Oct. 7.— -Editor W. T.
Hale of the X>aily Californlan has is
sued a statement in criticism of the
authorities of the university for caus
ing the postpanment of the senior as
sembly, the dance held annually in
Hearst Hall.
The editorial outlines the action
taken by the students in petitioning
President Wheeler for the use of
Hearst Hall, the reference of the pe
tition to the faculty . committee upon
student affairs, the failure of that
committee to consider the matter, the
repeated application, to Acting Secre
tary Henderson, who waited until
President Wheeler's return from the
East, and the final arrival of the date
for the - assembly- . without -the neces
sary permission having been granted.
It denounces the red tape used by the
authorities and concludes:
Now this Is not exasperating. The manage
ment may think so, but it Is not. It is highly
pleasant and diverting. We are Just begin
ning to realize the significance of the "red
tape" jokes cracked from time Immemorial.
If it takes this amount of the scarlet article
to determine the disposition of one university
building on a particular night, what tons must
be required to decide a really important
matter!
Charges the Authorities With Causing
Postponement Of the Annna.1
. . ; • Senior Assembly.
STUDENT PAPER CRITICIZES*
RED TAPE AT UNIVERSITY
The police to-night searched the resi
dence formerly occupied by Mrs. Lane
and found the models that Sprague said
his landlady had shown to him. The
plaster outfit will be turned over to the
United States Secret Service for such
disposition as the Government authori
ties decide to make of the case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 7.
After withholding for three months
information that might have led to the
arrest of a counterfeiting gang, or at
least the confiscation of an outfit, Spe
cial Policeman George Sprague to-day
admitted to Chief of Police Hodgkins
his dereliction. Sprague was summon
ed to police headquarters this after
noon and made a statement which in
volves Mrs. George Lane, formerly re
siding at 756 Harrison street, but whose
whereabouts is unknown to the po
lice.
Sprague told the Chief of Police that
Mrs. Lane, at whose home the special
officer had resided, several months ago
showed him a number of plaster of
paris molds for the manufacture of
counterfeit coins. The casts were pre
pared J for five, ten, twenty-five and
fifty cent pieces. Sprague asserted
that the paraphernalia had been In
Mrs. Lane's possession and that 6he
had explained to him In some detail
the purposes for which the molds were
intended.
But the • episode did not strongly
enough impress itself on Sprague until
a short time ago, when the special po
liceman confided In A. McDiarmid, a
private detective, residing at 677 Sixth
street. Through that source knowledge
of the circumstance was imparted to
Harry Moffitt, a United States Secret
Service agent. Investigation was made,
but it was too late. Mrs. Lane had dis
appeared.
Not until to-day did the Chief of Po
lice get information of the affair. He
sharply Queried Sprague and demanded
to know why the officer had so long
withheld his knowledge of the
matter. Sprague was asked if It
were not true that he had kept the cir
cumstances a secret until after he had
had a falling out with Mrs. Lane.
This he did not deny. He ad
mitted to Hodgkins that hope of a
reward had also induced him to talk
about the matter, when he had finally
decided to disclose the incident to Mc-
Diarmid.
Chief Hodgkins will lay the case be
fore the Police Commissioners." -
I have not noticed any of the rivalry be
tween sections of California that is supposed
to exist. On the other hand, I have noticed
that "California" Is being made the great war
cry of all of those connected with the different
displays.
There Is one thine that I shall advocate at
all times and in all places— that the people of
Oakland do everything in their power to get
the other San Francisco papers to follow the
example of The Call. The Call, though a
San Francisco paper, has done a wonderful
work for Alameda County. Hundreds of San
¦Francisco papers are being circulated In St.
Laouis, but in only one can any Oakland news
be found, and that one is The Call. When
a man becomes Interested in California he buys
a California paper. If he buys a Call he finds
out that there Is such a place as Alameda
County, that we have here the State univer
sity, that we have a great city and great
prospect.'. If he buys any other paper there
is no reference to Oakland unless it be some
sensational story that does not reflect credit
upon the community. The people who are
working for the advancement of this side of
the bay owe much to The Call and It Is "only
when they go East that they fully realize it.
California is groin* to reap a great deal of
benefit from its exhibit at the St. Louis Fair.
Other States have good exhibits, but California
i3 the only one In the Union that has both a
State building and a separate display from
each county. California has really twenty
two exhibits and there are eighty people rep
resenting this commonwealth. The result Is
that California Is being advertised as Is no
other State In the Union.
Wilbur Walker, secretary of the
Alameda County World's Fair Asso
ciation, returned from St. Louis to
day filled with ideas about the ad
vancement of California and of Ala
meda County in particular. Mr. Walk
er made a complete and exhaustive
examination into the methods of
"booming," and he has some ideas
that he will advance to the different
commercial organizations of Oakland.
He especially praises the work of The
Call for Oakland and Alameda Coun
ty. This is what Mr. Walker had to
say:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Oct. 7-
Erik O. Lindblom, a mining million
aire of Alaska, to-day alleged in a pe
tition for a writ of review that property
in Berkeley belonging to him worth
$15,000 has been sold to a collection
agency In satisfaction of a Judgment
against him amounting to $130. Lind
blom declares that no summons in this
suit for $130 was served, nor notice of
substitution when the original plaintiff
assigned his judgment against Lind
blom to the collection agency.
Judge Quinn's court is made defend
ant in Llndblom's proceeding, as the
acts complained of were done under
the authority of Justice Quinn. In this
court on May 1, 1904, C. B. Scofleld se
cured judgment against the millionaire
for $130. Scofleld assigned his judgment
to the Wellman-Robbina Mercantile
Agency. To the agency's attorney, J.
A. Taylor, was then sold Llndblom's
realty in Berkeley, at Warring street
and Dwight way, the alleged value of
the realty being $15,000, to satisfy the
Judgment.
Lindblom has "since been Informed of
the proceeding and desires that it be
reviewed and corrected In the particu
lars which he says are defective. - '-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 7.
We the undersigned elders, trustees, mem
bers, adherents and friends of liannu. Memo
rial United tTesbytena.il Church, asuect that
the stau-meatji pi*de at the hearing beiore
Jud*re Hail on Mundiy. September, 20, re
flecting so seriously on the character and *in
xxrily ol the Rev. Paul Stewart, are without
loundalion and utterly unworthy of belief.
And we believe he has always been a kind.
lndul*«-nt fcinsbaud lUid a loving, tender father,
and we further state thai »e, the officers and
members cf said church, have the utmost
conscience in Kev. 1'aul Stewart as a Chris
tian man and as our beloved x>astor.
We would also call the attention of your read
er* to the fact tHat Mrs. Stewart 1 8 nearest
relative. Mi*s -Elizabeth Currte. lives at pres
ent in Rev. Mr. Pt>-warfs household, and while
the raised Mrs. Stewart and to more than
a. mother to Uer. she was cTimprtied to bring
the charges herself agrainj^t her for the safety
and protection of Mrs. Stewart" and family.
We deeply regrK Mrs. Stewart's malady
which ha* ca.us.-d her to make such hurtful
ktatemeats which are so utterly untrue; and
we further know that when she will she can
return to her home and family.
The parishioners of the 1 Rev. Paul
titewart of the Hanna Memorial
United Presbyterian Church, in order
to show their confidence in 'their pas
tor, have prepared a general state
ment, which has been given to thfc
public.
Mr. Stewart's wife was arrested
about two weeks ago for insanity. Be
fore Judge Hall ehe made statements
against her husband and thus obtained
her release, though she was removed
to the Providence Hospital for treat
ment. These charges are not believed
b> the congregation of the minister.
The following statement, which is
signed by a large majority of the mem
bers, has been issued:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
101« Broadway. Oct. 7.
Its Publication of Alameda
County News Is Proving
Beneficial in the East
Statement Issued ¦, That
They Regard His Wife as
Afflicted With Insanity
Pique Said to Have Caused
Officer to Eeveal His
Knowledge About Case
Alaska Millionaire's Land
in Berkeley Sold to Satis
fy Claim Against Him
IS SILENT FOE MONTHS
ASKS COURT FOE REVIEW
CHAEGES NOT BELIEVED
PRAISES WORK OF CALL
Members of the Church of
Uov. Paul Stewart Say
Thev Have Faith', in Him
Wilbur Walker Home From
Fair Commending Califpr
nia's Wonderful Exhibit
Erik Lindblom Complains
of Action Taken in Suit
by a Mercantile Agency
Special Policeman Sprague
Sees Base Coiners' Out
fit and Holds His Peace
DECLARE TRUST
IN THE PASTOR
TELLS BELATED
TALE OF MOLDS
STATE'S BOOM
AT ST. LOUIS
MINING KING
HAS GRIEVANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER S, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Mrs. Eddy Issues a Strange Edict That
Moves Women to Talk.
Christian Scientist Church
Members Must Abandon Clubs
HEAD OF THE CHRISTIAN SCIENTISTS WHO HAS ISSUED AN EDICT RE
QUIRING ALL. HER FEMALE FOLLOWERS TO WITHDRAW FROM
WOMEN'S CLUBS AND HEAD OF. THE SECT IN OAKLAND.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i ¦ - i Positively cured by
. f* A DTCD C tfcew Little Pills.
V/Hf\l Ll\O Tlicy also rcUere Dl3-
fiSSfl tress trom D J £ P fi P sla > In -
G|&l ITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
El 1 1/ IT D Eating: A perfect rem-
fjj I V bii edy tor Dizziness, Nausea,
\~A P||.LS» Drorrslness, Bad Taste
!*'»?JK! to xilQ Moutn, Coated
?f|p^f^ggj| Tonpue, Pain In tno side,
=2S£52= 1 torpid liver. They
regulate tbe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SHALL DOSL SMALL PRICE,
: arteSs1 cure sick HEADACIili -
nj ittle Genome Must Bear *
jl IVER Fac-Simils Signature
3 PILLS. sTf *¦
FREE FREE FREE.
TEA -— -
GARDEN ;' "-,.
— : ¦ DRIPS.
A QUART CAN OF SYRUP
For the table. Upon this prod-
uct the Pacific Coast Syrup Co.
has built its reputation.
A CAN FREE
WITH WANT ADS
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied page.
BEAXCH OPFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
T016 Broadway-
Telephone Slain 10S3.
BERKELEY.
•-148 Center Street,
telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 1'ark Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are You Interested in the Condition of Yoar
TEETH"P
Do yon want them to look well and
work well? To be free from pain? To
be out of your mouth if they have
passed beyond usefulness? To be filled
with a permanent composition if de-
cayed? Do you want to have the neces-
sary " .
DENTAL M/ORK V>,
Done at moderate cost? ..If you do,
come to ¦ *"jtC
Post-Gradqatp Dental: College,
. 3 TATLOB ST^. SAH TSAJTCXSCO.
. -, 973 Washington gt» Oakland. 1
gaa Joia. *.¦ ... ¦• , ¦•• "Sacnunaata.United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time, and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
sXtURDAY. OCTOBER 8.
Sun rises 6:11
Sun sets 5543
Moon rises rj;is a. m.
O Time ITlmel Time jTirnT
» Ft. I f Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W |H W| L W |H W
8 4:09 0.8 10:35 6.6 4:4<5 0.4 11:22 6*4
9 4:52 1.111:14 5.6 6:27 0.0
H W L W H W L W
10 0:07 5.4 5:34 1.5 11:52 6.7 6:14—01
11 1:05 5.1 6:17 1.0 12:32 5.7 7:05—02
12 2:00 4.8 7:02 2.4 1:15 5.5 8:00—0 1
13 3:00 4.6 7:50! 2.fl 2:02 6.3 8:5S 00
11 I 4:05 4.5 8:50| 3.1 2:57 6.0 9:59 0.2
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In . the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day tn the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last. tide of the
day, except when there' are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. ¦ The , heights given are - in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Notice to Passengers.
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
itcrmera. etc.. at low rates.' One trunk (sin
gle trip) 35 cents: round trip SO cents. Morton
hpcciai Delivery. 30$ Taylor st.. &>O Market
St., Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 48 #
The real , name of Joseph Conrad.'a
Veil-known writer of \ sea stories, is
Korzenlowski. ¦ He is a Pole.
The steamer Siberia, which sailed yesterday I
for Hongkong and way ports, via Honolulu, I
carried the most valuable cargo of merchan- |
dlse ever eent from this port to the Orient. |
The cargo wa» valued at $807,956, exclusive
of treasure, and is to be distributed as fol
lows: For Japan, $185,364; China, $614,818;
Philippine Islands. $1179; East Indies. $4100;
Korea. $1493; Honolulu. $1000. The leading
exports were as follows:
To Japan — 610 bales cotton, 1477 bdls 10 cs
leather, 115 flasks quicksilver. 279.240 lbs
tin plate. 2277 bdls 12 cs steel, 138 bdls Iron.
140 pkgs machinery, 510 bbls flour. 1482 gals
wine, 21 pkgs freoh fruits. 8085 lbs dried
fruit, 10,050 lbs raisins. 1913 lbs butter, 240
lbs hops, 898 lbs cheese, 51 cs canned goods.
bO pkgs table preparations, 25 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 576 lbn chocolate, 1324 lbs han%
and bacon. 10 bales hay, 20 ctls oats, 51 pkgs '
paints, 6 reels wire, 10 pkgs dry goods, 25"!
pkgs rubber goods. 68 pkgs drugs and sundries. I
116 bxs soap, 35 colls rope. 250 -pkgs roofing
paper, 200 rolls felt, 23 pkgs electrical sup
plies. - ..
To China— 19.138 bbls flour, 449,058 lbs pig
lead, 6241 bales 190 cs cotton domestics. 648
bales ehceting, 166 bales cotton drills, 291 • cs
flannel, 74,885 lbs tobaccc, 705 cs cigarettes.
Valuable Car^o for the Orient.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
Steamer. Destination. Satis. I Pier.
Aiontaia... Seat-le direct 4 pmjPier 11
Norwood... Seattle direct 3 pnvPier 2
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 5 pmiPler 2i)
N. Fork.... Humboldt 9 am|P!er 20
Aurelia.... Astoria & Portland! 5 pmiPUr 117
Alameda... Honolulu ill amjPier 7
City Sydney I N. Y. via Ancon...|12 m|Pler 40
Point Arena Point Arena I 4 pm Pier 2
October 9. (
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amIPier 2t
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 10.
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 3 pm|Pler °
Eureka Humboidt 9 am Pier li!
Corona Humboldt l:30p|Plpr 0
Coos. Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 amIPier 11
October 11. (
Chlco Coquille River C pmlPler 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|10 am|pier 13
Argo i Eel River Ports...] 4 pmlPler 2
Breakwater I Coos Bay direct I 5 pm|Pier 3
! October 12. I |
Redondo... I Astoria & Portland| 6 pmlPler 2
Arctic J Humboldt 9 pmiPier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am|Pler 9
October 13. j I
Pomona Humboldt 11:30 pIPler 9
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion C pm Pier 2
State of Cal Pan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Mongolia... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pler 10
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor .... 1 pm'Pler 2
October 14.
Sequoia WIKapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Coronado Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pler 10*
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amIPier 21
October 15.
Newport. 1. N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
October 17.
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
October 18. | |
Rainier I Seattle & Bellnghmj 4 pmiPier 10
FROM SEATTLE. "
Steamer. , Destination. Sails.
Oregon Nome & St. 'Michael. . Oct. 8
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 10
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 10
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Oct. 10
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 13
Santa Ana Seldovia & Way. Ports. |Oct. 18
CLEARED.
Friday, Oct. 7.
Stmr Oueen. Cousins, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Pomona. Swanaon. Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.'
Stmr Curacao, . Poulsen, Guaymas and way
ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Siberia. Smith. Honolulu. Yokohama
and Hongkong; Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany. ~ ¦ •
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diejro and
way ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Ger ¦ stmr Abydos, • Liebiarth, Hamburg, etc. ;
J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
ARRIVED.
Friday, Oct.' 7.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rodgers.
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom, 40 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, 41 hours from
Bandon.
Stmr National City. Hammer, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 17 hours from
Green wooed.
Stmr Francis H LeEgett. Reiner, 27 hours
from Eureka : bound to San Pedro; put in to
land passengers; stmr Cascade in tow.
Stmr Cascade (new), Thompson, 27 hours
from Eureka. In .tew of Etmr Francis H Leg
gett.
Stmr W.H Kruger, Nordberg, 27 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Iaqua, Jorsrenson, CO. hours from Port
land, via Astoria 54 hours; bound south; put
in to land passengers.
Stmr MagKie. Eagles; 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Pasadena, Henricksen. 41 hours from
San Pedro, via Santa Cruz Island 32 hours.
Fr bark Versailles, Castes, 1C1 days from
Hamburg.
Bark St Katherine, Saunders, 28 days from
Hilo.
Schr Willie R Hume, Wilson,, 7% days from
Ballard.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 7, 1904.
The Time Bail on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. e. at noon of the 120th meridian or at
8 p. m. Greenwich tfme. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
IDENTIFIED AS SMITH.— The body of the
unknown man found dead in Golden Gate Park
last Thursday was identified yesterday as that
cf Thomas J. Smith, a printer, 56 years old,
*ho roomed at €24 Fourth street.
To Chile — 1C0 cs canned salmon, 2323 lbs
dried fish, 8200 lbs lard, 2675 feet lumber, 2500
feet hardwood. 223.8(50 lbs pig lead, 45 coils
rope, &341 gals lubricating oil.
To Germany — 532,975 lbs dried fruit. 34,500
lbs salt hides, 4400 lbs apricot kernels, 8
cs canned goods. 30.049 lbs old brass.
To France — 275 cs canned fruit.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car
ried $2300 in gold coin consigned to San Benito,
Mexico. '.•'¦-
To Ecuador— 1110 bbls flour. 40 cs canned
salmon, 41 cs canned goods. 1050 gals wine,
12.476 feet lumber. 120 gals gasoline.
To Peru — 451U lbt» meals, 24 cs salmon, IC'J
cs canned goods, 2400 lbs 45 cs lard, 240 lbs
ham, 30.700 lbs malt, 14.219 lbs dried flsli,
130 coils rope, 3 pkgs machinery. 3 cs leather.
To Mexico — J54 bbls flour, SS2 gals 11 cs
wine. -nnr> lbs ham and bacon. 181 pkgs pota
toes 2U pkgs onions, &>0 lbs dried irtflt, 5 cs.
liquors, 7 s gals 11 cs whisky, 38 pkgs table
preparations, 60 pkgs paste, •'•» pkgs groceries
and provisions, 28 ca canned goods, 280 lbs
bread, 32 pkgs fresh fruits, 7 cs baking pow
der, 10 ct> mineral water. 97ii lbs raisins,
28.235 lbs tallow, 24 cs blasting caps. 8 cs
arms and ammunition, 114 sks coke. 22 cs
gasoline. 274U lbs soda, 19 pkgs nails, 22 pkgs
paper, 400 cs powder, 118 cs coal oil, 10 ca
blasting fuse, 5 bales oakum, 15 pkgs wagon
material, 30 pkgs drugs, 106 bdls iron, 50
reels wire, 60 bdls shooks.
To Central America — 350 bbls flour. 30 cs
whisky, 30 pkgs beer, 810 gals 32 cs wine,
30 pkgs groceries and provisions, 730 lbs hams,
23,000 lbs salt, 0 pkgs table preparations, Iti94
ctls corn. 13 cs canned goods, 210 cs gaso
line, 47,784 feet lumber, 100 c« powder, ltt
pkgs paints and oils. U0 cs coal oil, 700 pc*
20 cs car material, 13 cs caps and fuse. CO48
lbs sodium, 2000 lbs zinc, 12 bdls Iron, 15
kegs nails, 103« lbs copper, 2 launches.
To Colombia— 11.1 bbls flour, 2100 gals wine.
3000 lbs sugar. 12 cs canned goods, 32 cs
salmon, 5500 lbs beans, 30 crts garlic, 22 crts
onions. 29S2 lbs lentils, 40 cs powder. 100 lbs
raisins.
The German steamer Abydos of the Kosmoj
line was cleared yesterday for Hamburg and
way j>ort8 wMh a general merchandise cargo
laden at this port and valued at J70.147. The
cargo is to be distributed as follows: For
Mexico, $17,107; Central America, $13,022;
Colombia, 52491; Ecuador, 562JKJ; Peru, (5232;
Chile, $S243; Germany, $14,900; France, $lsao.
The following were the principal exports:
Exports by the Kosmer IJnnr.
The depression over the plateau region has
remained nearly stationary, while the pressure
has risen rapidly over Ncrthen Montana.
Cloudy, unsettled wtather prevails over the
entire Pacific Slope. Light showers have oc
curred in all sections and thunderstorms are
reported frcm Sacramento. I!ois« and Baker
City. Sncw is falling In the Sierra.
The temperature changes have been slight In
all districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight October S, 1004:
Northern California — Showers Saturday;
frerh touthwest wind.
Southern California — Showers Saturday;
light west wind.
Nevada —Showers Saturday.
San Francisco nnd vicinity —Showers Satur
day; fresh southwest wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity —Showers Saturday;
light west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity —Showers Saturday.
Fresno and vlcjnity —Showers Saturday.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecaster, Temporarily in Charge.
4. *
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
oi the lower low waters.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The British ship, Scottish Isles is chartered
for barley to Europe at 22s 6d (9d less direct).
The barkentine Wrestler is chartered for
lumber for Grays Harbor to Santa Rosalia;
schooner Honolulu, same business from Port
land to Shanghai at 3-'is Od.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN*.
f^flth Merifiian — Pacilic Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO; Oct. 7.-3 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peraturcs are reported tor previous Jay from
Krrtorn station*:
Cincinnati 32-4(KNew Orleans 8S-74
Boston »;»:-."•¦:, Philadelphia . ...7'J-."?
jRCkaon villa 82-68! Washington . ...78-5S
St. Louis 7U-HifNew York «S-5*
Chicago r.'i-ll! Pittsburg 7S--H
SAN FRANCISCO 04-50.
COAST RECORD.
a g j; o 2? "3
| jg £5 =5 3*5 |
3 -=3 3-5 s§= So S
STATIONS. J S§S 3 r= =¦" J
•i p - a & -i ~
• ,¦..»• • o
C C • 3
: ? ? : : i
Baker ?9.72 5S 40 SW Rain .OS
Carson -jy.Ui: ".4 42 E Cloudy .04
Eureka V.t.72 <H 54 W riou.ly .0^
Fresno •_'¦.). 72 70 50 S Clear .00
Flagstaff . ..2!). fit! 64 as SW Clear .00
Pocateilo 21). OS 04 4S SK Pt.Cldjf .18
Independence .29.02 <*f> 4S BE CTloudy .CO
Los Angeles .20.78 08 58 SW Cloudy .HI
Mt. Tamalpa?.20.7'i .">0 .. SW Rain .01
North Head. .:.".». 74 r.K 50 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 2!».<i4 S« 60 NW Clear .00
Portland . ..:.•;». CM <i2 .VJ NW Cloudy Tr.
Red Bluff . ..20.72 VV, 52 SE Rain .It
Roseburu . ..2!J.0H 08 40 N Pt Cldy Tr.
Sacramento ..2!). 71 06 50 SW Rain .00
bait Like 2!). 00 70 52 S Cloudy .00
San Francisco. 2!). 7rt 04 'iK SW Rain .00
S. L Oblspo..29.78 70 r.S SE Pt Cldy .04
San DUbo ...2!».7<i 72 C. 1 ) W Cloudy .CO
Seattle '_'!>. 76 <'.O 50 NW Cloudy .00
Spokane . ...•_-*. SO T.'J 44 NE Clcudy .04
Tatcosh 211.72 .12 4S NE Foggy .02
Walla Walla .2f>.74 H) 4<i W Pt Cldy .T2
Winneir.uoca. .L'!>.70 52 42 .... Cloudy ,JW
Yuma '20.CS S2 OS W Clear .00
For Honolulu— E. R. Bath. A. H. Cole and
wife. S. H Dowse" A. Enos and wife W.
Lucae. Miss M. McAuFlan. J. Mifhaels. Miss
Mary L. Perry. Max Schwabacher and wife.
Dr. S. D. G. Waters and wife. W. S. Ward.
For Yokohama — O. W. Heim. Eyre Pinehard,
O*orpe Pinehard. Mrs. G. M. Plnchard.
Fcr Natasakl— Miss M. Knox, Mrs. J. C.
Thompson.
Fcr Shanghai — Miss L. Finley, Miss Nanon
Grey. Mrs. C. D. Harerty.
For Hongkong — Mif=s Alice Brown, Miss
Kllzabeth Brown. MlM Grace Brown. Miss
Martha Brown. Mis=s Mattie L. Brown. Major
J F. Case and wife and child. Mrs. C. S.
Coy. Mrs. A. M. Glenn, C. A. Graham. T.
Hodtson. W. Imel. Patrick J. Kearney. Mrs.
L. C. Logan and two daughters, George E.
Lorenz, Arthur P. Moran. Mrs. M. Morrison, S.
fr-'iiSn.. Miss Margaret Ptevens, Mr*. C. W.
Vjince and maid. S. R. Lewis. George S. Wil
ton.
The folloRing are the cabin passengers
The Pacific Mall liner Siberia sailed yester-
Csy for Honolulu and the Orient with fifteen
cabin pafFensers for the islands and thirty
five for China and Japan. There are thirty
Japanese and 125 Chinese in the steerage.
The Siberia has a cargo of 67oO tons, valued
at ts07.0W and treasure worth $928,037. To
Japan are consljfried raw cotton, leather, tin
plate, fcteei and machinery. To China go
flour, pig lead, canned goods and cotton do
me«ic*.
Five Fisten>, Misses Alice, Elizabeth. Grace.
Martha and M. U Brown of this city, will
n^ake a tour of the Orient.
IJncr Siberia Sails.
SCHUSSLER ON PILARCITOS.— Hermann
Schussler spent yesterday afternoon in United
States Commissioner Heacock's chambers in ex
patiating upon the beauties of PILarclton Creek
water supply system and kindred topics of more
or less relevancy to the suit now pending be
tween the Spring Valley 'Water Works and
the city. ' •
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. j From. j Due.
Chico Coquille River ;O:t S
RtdonJo Portland & Astoria iOct. 8
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan ( Oct. ft
Leelanaw Tacoma ;Oct. 8
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.Oct. S
City Puebla.. j Puget -Sound Ports Got. S
Eureka I Hurr.bol.it (Oct. 8
Corona ', Humboldt iOct. H
San Mateo I Tacoma |Oct. 9
Newburs.... Grays Harbor Oct. H
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma . . . . |Oct. 3
Argo I>1 River Ports '.Oct. 3
Arctic Humboldt !Oct. 9
Breakwater.; Coo.« Bay IOct. 0
TUania Nanalmo ;Oct. U
Chehalls San Pedro 'Oct. 10
S.Monica San Pedro 'Oct. 10
Ventura , Sydney & Way Ports. . iOct. 10
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.iOct. 10
O. Llndauor. .! Grays Harbor 'Oct. 10
Sequoia \ Wlllapa Harbor iOct. 10
J. Higglns... j San Pedro IOct. 11
Coronado Grays Harbor Oct. 11
Pomona | Humboldt Oct. 11
Pomo l Point Arena & Albion. .|Oct. 11
Columbia. — Portland & Astoria. ... ;Oct. 11
Bonita • Newport & Way Ports. !Oct. 11
Mackinaw.... Tacoma [Oct. 12
Marlposa Tahiti ;Oci. 12
Umattlla Pi:*ft Sound Ports !Oct. l.J
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena ? Oct. 1.1
Santa Rosa., j San Diego & Way Pts. ! Oct. 13
Ammon ' Hamburg & Way Pts.|Oct. 13
Rainier Seattle & BelIingham..iOct. 14
China China & Japan Oct 1 +
City Peking:. . New York via Ancon.iOct. 15
Coop Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.jOct. IS
Centralia Grays Haibor ]Oct. 15
Nicarla Seattle |Oct. 15
G. \V .Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Oct. 18
Jeanle Seattle <fc Taooma iOct. 17
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. IOct iS
Queen Puget Sound Ports |Oct. IS
TO SAIL.
We are selling agents for "The Water
man Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents
for "The Marshall." the best $1.00 foun
tain pen In the world. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
WEATHER REPORT.
nr si-ln Alice A L.eigh, Davlson, Newcastle,
N S \V; master.
SAILED.
Friday. Oct. 7.
Stmr F A Kllburn. Thompson, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Margie, Eagles, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Grace Dollar Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Btmr Curacao. Poulsen. Guaymas and way
ports.
Ptmr Oueen. Couslrs. Victoria and Puget
four.d :>ortF.
Stmr IVmona, Swanscn. Eureka.
Ftmr Siberia. Smith. Honolulu. Yokohama
axi<l Hongkong-
Strr.r Homer. Donaldson, Eureka.
Stmr Francis H Legpett. Reiner. San Pedro.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberts. Pert Harford.
Gor jEtmr Abydos, Llebfarth, Hamburg.
Ptmr Greenwood. Walvlg. Needle Rock.
Stmr laqua. Jorsenson, San Pedro.
Kr r-hir> Amiral Cecllle, Annette, T&coma.
lik'.n Irmjrarfl. Schmidt. Honolulu.
Schr Repeat, Wilson, Aberdeen.
Schr Bessie K. Stark. San Vicente Landing.
RETURNED.
Oct 7 — Stmr Alcatraz, Olsen, on account of
disabled machinery.
SPOKEN.
Per Fr bark Versailles. July 15 — Lat 52 S.
lonsr C7 15 W, Dutch ship Europa. from Ant
werp, fcr Fan Francisco.
June :>— Lat 3 50 N, long 23 IS W. Fr ship
Champlgny, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
TKLEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOI5OS. Oct 7, 10 d m — Weather
cloudy: wind southwest: velocity 16 milea per
hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Oct 7, 4 a m—
Stnir Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Santa Monica, from
San Pedro, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 0— Stmr Bee,
hence Oct 4.
Sailed O«-t <5 — Stmr Prentlss, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Santa Monica, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 7 — Stmr Samoa, from Caspar;
, stmr James S HisKins, from Redondo.
Sailed Oct 7— Schr Carrier Dove, for Grays
Harb;r: stmr Marshfleld, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct G — Stmr Robert Dol
lar, hence Oct 2.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Sequoia,
i for Sai*« Francisco.
EUREKA — Sailed"- Oct 7 — Schr John A, for
: San Francisco.
Arrived Oct C — Stmr Arctic, hence Oct 5;
stmr Phoenix, hence Oct 5.
Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Alliance, for Coos Bay.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Rain
ier, hence Oct 2.
UMPQUA RIVER— Arrived Oct 3— Schr
Louise from Snn Pedro.
COOS FSAY-^Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Breakwater,
for San Francisco.
B'AN DON— Salted Oct 7— Schr Alpha, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Oct C.
REDONDO — Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Melville
Dollar, from Port Lob Angeles; stmr James S
HlKStns. from Port Los Anaeles.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 7— Schr Alice
Ccoke from Honolulu.
ALCATRAZ LANDING— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr
Ro«ecran"«. for Honolulu.
TATOOSH— Passed out Oct 7 — Br ship Ora
nasia. for Queenatown.
WESTPORT— Sailed Oct 7 — Stmr Westport,
fcr San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
LAHAINA — Arrived Oct 7 — Bark General
Fairchlld.from Newcnstle, Aus.
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr China, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct.7 — Bark, Mohican, henc* Sept 13.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK — Sailed Oct 6 — Br stmr Masaa
pequa. for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANJER — Passed Sept 3 — Br ship Drumeltan,
from Iloilo. for Delaware Breakwater.
PORT PIRIE — Arrived Oct 8 — Br ship This
tle bank, from Port Blakeley.
SUEZ — Arrived Oct 6— Br stmr Lowther
Castle, from Yokohama, for New York.
IQUIQUE— Sailed Seat 17— Br stmr Angle
Saxon, for Delaware Breakwater.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Oct 3— Fr bark Gen
eral For. for San Francisco.
SINGAPORE — Arrived t>rlor to Oct 7 — Span
stnir Alicante, from Liverpool.
ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 7 — Br ship "William
Mitchell, for San Francisco.
BRISBANE — Arrived Oct 7— Br stmr Manu
ka, from Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Korea,
hence Sept 20.
CHAMPKRICO— Sailed Oct 5— Ger stmr
Ammon. fir San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Arrived Oct ft— Schr Fred J
Wood, from Grays Harbor. -
HONGKONG — Arrived Oct 7— Br strar Cop
tic, hence Sept S.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE — Arrived Oct 7— Stmr La Bretagne.
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Cel
tic, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. *
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Arabic,
from New York, via Queenstown.
DOVER— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Blucher. from
Hamburg, for New York, via Boulogne.
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 7 — Stmr Lom
l-ardia, from Naples.
! NAPLES — Arrived Oct &— Stmr Perugia,
from New York.
MOV1LLE— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Tunisian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal: ertmr Furntsala.
from GlasKOW, for New York.
FIUME — Arrived Oct 2 — Stmr Slavonia, from
New York, via Naples and Trieste.
COPENHAGEN — Sailed Oct 4 — Stmr Hell
golav, for New York.
PACIFIC IMPROVEMENT COMPANY'S FHEICHT BTEAMEB WHICH WAS LOST
OFF KAMSCHATKA; SEPTEMBERS. BY STRIKING AN UNCHARTED ROCK.
QUICKLY PINKING. ALL HANDS WERE SAVED BY A BRITISH CRUISER.
Movements. of Steamers.
6S2S cs assorted canned Roods. 4C0 eg canned
salmon, 420 ctls' whent. C."2p lbs £ir.">nc. ¦*'-'">
pkgs fresh fruits. TtiO lbs ralelns, 41 pkgs table
preparations. 5*<;0 lb.-> ;x.f ti barley. _. !•> ius
ham and bacon, .'72ti IDs cheese, UTTi i'.«» 17
c» dried fruit. 5iHVi lbs beaps. 77 <-s liquors. V.)
is syrup, 10113 gals rum. "OS pkgs potatoes,
425 pkgs fresh fruits. 2V150 lbs codnsh, 7;;,4T1
lbs dried fish,- ."0 cs pickles, 10,58-1 lbs FUKar,
COM) lbs butter, 21 C3 salad oil. 1S23 lbs pea?,
27 rolls 6 c* leather. 25 eft boots and shoes.
110 pkgg dry goods. IB pM»?s drbgs, •"! cs ma
chinery, f>7 jikrs groceries and provision?. lM7r>
lbs co«ee.
To l'hilippine Islands — K'2 c: assorted canned
goods. 30 cs canned salmon, 75 pkgs fre«h
fruit!«, o cs heney, '.) cs syrup; <"> « olives', to
cs (jraps Juice. 5 pkps bakinp powder, '-i p^ss
druR?, 19 pkfi hardware, 1 bn> leather.
To Ka.«t Indies — :;"0 ga!s wine. 721.1 lbs hop«,
060 cs canned fruit, 70 os canned salmon.
To Korea — 5G rk£9 stoves ami parts, 5 pkgs
machinery. 4 cs electrical jfoods.
To Honolulu — 4 cs <Jry sr-idds.
The cutter Golden Gate will to-day take
Mr. de Young and Miss Helen de Touns to
Mare Island. Mies de Young will christen
the new naval ship Intrepid as she is launched.
To-day the America Maru is due from China,
and Japan and Monday the Oceanic steamship
Ventr.ra will arrive from Honolulu and the
Antipodes.
The United States steamer Bennlngton is
6'ie from the south and will probably relieve
the Marblehead. which will go to Magdalena
Bay for her autumn target practice with
great guns. Commander Tom H. Phelps. who
is slated for the new cruiser California, may
b«j relieved immediately from the command of
the Marblehead. Commander Phelps will be
a cantain by the time the California is ready
for s?a. but he can spend his time watting
for promotion in putting the finishing touches
on the Golden State's cruiser.
The Oceanic liner Alameda will sail from
Pacific wharf, pier 7, to-day, for Honolulu, at
11 a. m., with passenzers and cargo.
The Pacific Mall steamer City of Sydney will
leave the wharf at First and Brannan streets
at noon for Panama.
Water Front Notes.
YeMeriay he started to unmoor ship and
h'ist the starboard anchor. As the cabK"
came slowly in, link by link, th» jailors .it
the windlass wore rich, blue, deep-sea oath*
that th»-y never pulled at an anchor of such
remarkable tonnage. As the chain came out of
the water it was seen that the port anchor wan
hrwik*-«1 into the starboard oable. The men (=aid
fomi" more picturesque ultra marine blue things
¦ nd bent their backs to the double burden. When
that anchor had reached its mate's haws?
pipe the other one was still on the bottom
of thr bay and no more anchor could be
lio;st*-d undr-r thop» conditions aboard that
Fhip. Po the two crews are trylr.«? to cut the
iron knot that Is keeping ponr Alice A. Leljrh
away from Newcastle, and her skipper Is send
lnr lava wnrds of disapproval down the deck
to the ir.ate and the bo's'n tight and the
man who kets the kick.
The British ship Alice A. Leigii. which has
been mo lon^ ldla for want of a. charter, is try
ing to get away for Newcastle. Australia,
¦wher* there is a cargo of co«d awaiting- her
comin*. The skipper expresses strong senti
ments to th« mate, who coats them a little
thicker with sulphur and sends them along
the deck to the bo's'n. Thla salty mariner
touches a match to the message, as it were,
with a few choice words of his own, and kicks
the first able seaman within reach.
ThU is i.:i because the Alice can't pet
away fnr Newcastle for thoee "coals." She
can't (jet her anchors up. 'Tls remarkable,
but that brace of heavy mud hooks are still
out In the bay. even though the crew of the
British ship Ualffete. which in aluo bound
for "coals. 1 " is standing by and helping the
tnurh-tncKirefl vessel In the effort to pall loose.
Wh»n the Alice A. Leigh towed over from
f-au:-alt!o f^veral days ago she first let go one
bower anchor and as that did not seem t<>
Citch on sh* let co the second anchor. This
fell on the first and the trouble wa* all ready
fnr Captain Davison's special enjoyment when
he should t«"jjin to g^t away for Newcastle
and the "coals. " •
Anchors That Caugtit On.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— Owing to inter
ruption in the telegraph lines messages
from the island of Martinique have
been badly delayed. Between Cape
Haytien and Puerto Plata, in the isl
and of San Domingo, it is necessary to
send them by courier, involving twelve
hours' delay. «
It is believed here that Mont Pelee
is once more in eruption, as the entire
country on the Windward Islands is
covered with ashes.
FORT DK FRANCE. Island of Mar
tinique, Thursday, Oct. 6 (delayed in
transmission).— The report that there
has been a serious eruption of Mont
Pelee is not true. There has been great
activity on the mountain during the
last few days, and a week ago the vol
cano emitted enormous quantities of
steam and ashes. On September 29 the
mountain threw out steam all day,
forming a dense cloud SOOO or 10,000 feet
high. The activity grew less violent as
night approached, but after dark there
were two points on the cone that were
brilliantly lighted, while at the foot of
the dome was a hole from which fire
escaped into the valley below, but not
in sufficient quantities to occasion dam
age.
When arrested the man wore kid
gloves, patent leather shoes, a light
overcoat of expensive make and car
ried a silver-headed cane. When
seized he protested with indignation
against the arrest. The police were
puzzled for a few moments, but the
Insistence of the women pursuers con
vinced them, and Russell was taken to
the police station, where later he is
said to have admitted the robbery-
Burglars' tools and false keys were
fcund in the man's pockets. Several
pieces of Jewelry, supposed to have
been thrown away by the man during
the chase, were found in the street.
Russell is accused by the police of
nearly twenty robberies committed in
the Garfield Park district in the last
month.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7. — Pursued by two
women and a score of pupils of the
Marshall High School, Harry Russell,
whom the police call "the gentleman
burglar" and who has been sought for
weeks, has been captured after a
cliase covering several blocks. The
pursuit was along the streets of the
residence district about Garfield Park
and followed an attempt at burglary.
Kid Gloves on His Hands and
False Keys Are Found in
Pockets of His Clothes
Liquid Flames Issue From
the Side While Overhead
Hangs a Huge Dense Cloud
NO DAMAGE KEP01ITE1)
MAKES A CONFESSION
It is believed that Captain Kirkwood,
as he knew his ship and cargo were a
lawful prize for any Japanese cruiser
that might be in that locality, was
keeping close in shore to dodge possible
pursuers and thus got into dangerous
waters. This was the first large vessel
to carry a cargo from this port to Si
beria, and the result is discouraging.
The following are her officers: Cap
tain. Alexander Kirkwood; first officer,
J. B. Rohan; second officer, A. D. Cole;
third officer, A. McAlman; chief en
gineer, J. M. Spencer; first assistant,
C. Kineman; second assistant, E.
Swanson; third assistant, J. Elvin;
carpenter, Gus Lill. The crew numbers
fifty-eight all told.
Mrs. Kirkwood, who went to British
Columbia after the Mineola sailed for
Asia, returned a few days ago and has
since been watching the Golden Gate
from her residence in the Western Ad
dition to see her husband's ship steam
into the harbor, as the vessel is due.
The first news she received was of the
wreck, with the saving of all hands.
The vessel was built in England in
188S and came to this coast in 1893. She
was 275 feet long, 28 feet beam and 19
feet in depth. She had been provided
recently with new boilers and exten
sive repairs had made her almost a
new vessel. She was valued at about
$200,000 and was insured. Her speed
was twelve knots.
The Mineola was owned by the Pa
cific Improvement Company, George
Crocker president, of this city, and was
chartered by Roth, Blum & Co. to car
ry general merchandise to Siberia and
return with furs. She sailed from this
port June 27, and was on her way home
when the accident happened. Roth,
Blum & Co., upon whom the loss of the
cargo will fall, say they have no idea
how much freight was in the vessel.
She had on board an JSO.OOO cargo when
she sailed from San Francisco, and she
had two more Siberian ports to visit
before starting homeward.
The steamer was commanded by Cap
tain Alexander Kirkwood, a master
mariner well known in the Pacific. He
is skillful and experienced, and not the
slightest doubt is expressed among
shipping men that the accident was un
avoidable. The officers of the Pacific
Improvement Company said last even
ing that the firm has the utmost con
fidence in Captain Kirkwood's seaman
ship.
The boats headed for Kamschatka
and were shortly afterward picked up
by the British sloop-of-war Algerine,
which was fortunately cruising in those
waters and which landed all the sur
vivors at Hakodate.
The big steel steamer Mineola, which
came to the coast eleven years ago and
has passed in and out of this port many
limes, lies fathoms deep under the Pa
cific off the shore of Kamschatka. It
was an uncharted rock, that viewless
and unknown peril of the sea which
some stanch ship often finds and marks
the place of discovery with her own re
mains, that sent the Mineola to de
struction. A cablegram from Hako
date yesterday announces that the
steamer, while returning to San Fran
cisco from Northern Siberian ports,
struck a rock near Tigel Bar Septem
ber 5 and sank. The strong engines
drove the vessel with great force on the
rock, and she began to till immediate
ly. Captain Kirkwood ordered all hands
into the boats, and soon after they left
the steamer she rolled over, slid off the
rock and disappeared forever.
Steam, Ashes and Fire Pour
Forth in Quantities From
the Grim Island Volcano
Chicago's Gentleman Thief
Caught After a Chase in
•he Residence District
Big Freighter Strikes an Unciiartefl Rock in Northern Sea
DREAD PELEE
AGAIN ACTIVE
DUDE BURGLAR
IN THE TOILS
Mineola Wrecked on the Coast of Siberia
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8, 190^.
7
ADVERTISKMENTS.
"I hare inffered with piles for tblrty-slx years
One year *fo Utt April I b*r»n taktor Cascsrett
for eonitlpfclion. In the eonrse of a week I noticed
Xhr piles beiran to disappear and at the end of fix
weeks they did not trouble me at all. CatrareU
have done wonder* for me. I am entirely cared and
leel like a new man." George Kryder, Napoleon. O.
B jjy The Bowels
candy catHartic
Pleasant, Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do Good,
*erer Klck^n. Weaken or Gripe. 19e. 2Sc. 5»e. N«v«
• old In bulk. Th« rennln* tablet "tamped CCO.
uoaranteed to cure or your money back.
SterJing Remedy Co., Chicspo or N.Y. 553
AKKUALSALE. TEN KIILLIOH BOXES
j|||UEvery Woman
/3$vf^ < l \> '^ »W u Interested an.l shouM fcnow
h A \| I S-AACrJiia abont the wondrrf nl
lUxin 'ffiVH MARVEL Whirling Spray
V*A>r<^£ev^?Wl Tlle B " r *•«<¦«• "yrtaf*. jjyee-
V-^^G-i^&ak. ttonTjtJSurtivn. Rest-Sat-
Xi v >.«/.r^ffS>~wi"~ Mcit Convened.
#7*) llUe»»M^I..»«rtJj.
Atfc y«»r lrarr'>i tf It. >^, '-<|»V v^*" *^^*^
!• he r«nnot supply the \s f*i£& "Z'ZiSv/Jf^
.ti A ft » " I'. I .. acr* j « no N^^T M^W/, P>__
«>tuer. but trad stamp for *«v t~?iS'v?\~.
i:iurtrate<! hook-«-»»»4. ItriTes \+, / W/T
full particulars and dirwtiom tn- K /¦ / U
valuable to ladies. M»RVI.LCO., w k/,, , #
« 1 rark Hew, Sew Xmrk.
112 New Montgomery. San Francisco. CaL
¦\Villlam Hatteroth (Ladies' Dept.), 224 Sutler
Vnlon Drue Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton'
Oarood Brothers... 7th and Broadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy lig Ems
J240*fafl MENANDWOMEH.
AKO^UU^i Ct« Bit « for BBsatcral
iWaSy to 1 to » aarv'tt ¦lieKarfM.ueauraatiaDt.
fmSSa Ouruwit H lrritatlesi »r nlcoratloai
fffinf Mimtrlmn. of bdciii acrnktUM.
t*" 1 4 rw»rtie«i^w«. PalalMS, a>4 aot attrla<
feTlTHt lUti SKlKimCl. ftmt or >eitoitas.
V^k ciicauTi,iBSB| ••k w 7 Dmnrttu,
««ft 8. ft. a. mt Met 1b »Ulm wrsvper,
/"ffHTj^ ttffW "T «zyr>i«, >rspatd, for
USSBEjrB HO*. or<b«ttlMt3.7s.
* ciMsJar f«Bt es mttf*
ADVKKTisK>rr>>rrs.
Cj^ALEXANDER^
HBOIDTJ
f^m cigars V
P^fi Cul)eLn stripped
§§f§p| t°k^cco. Span*
liillil * s k workman*
! f@l ALEXANDER
HVMBOLDT
Pill CIGARS
are the highest
SOLD F.V?RTW1IERH
V&zk&gtsj -^'1 sixes, 10c. op,
: l^p&if MICHALITSCMKE BROS & CO
1 /^$£*l5/ °UTRlBUTcaS-SAN"AMCL3C0.CAt.
KL&^Jm BU3TIUO BROS 4 DIAZ
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat
4MUSEUI OF ArlATOtrlY
A £ZT) 1031.U2XX?ST.tst.etaa7ta,S.rCa].
\ fcf The Largest Aa*t*Kic»l Mumujbi la ta«
Q !¦. -JW.. w «"<« *m»«ik, ar amy comi.ct-rt
L »£ *£t*l <»'»•»'• !»••«•» — »y .*•>««¦ t>j Ik* »!de»t
O «FCJJ41 l>P«a«i'K « lit Cou: E»t 3 6 r «*n.
A fiWph CR. J0RDAK-D'3EASE3 CF MEM
\ » GKwJu Csnwlurioa frt« and ttriclW prints
O a J&wif n T'" 1 ™" 1 * p«fi«n«Uw nr b» letter A
T B y SI jj r—M— Cwraiartery cas* maWrtakm.
/ 1 P tf In Wrtt« far Book. fOILSilUPIT »t
V • a il 1 * HARKlAeii, mailed paxm. ( a
\ £ £ •»!n«bl« book fw m»n)
V Da JOBDA!f afe *:•.. 1081 Morkat St-.S. F.
CUTLERY
EVERY .BLADE WARRANTED
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamer3 leave Broadway
f^»>^~^8»\ wharves inters J) and 11),
/^ni_ San FrancUco:
/ft/ raj^»*» \«*\ For K>-tih:kan. WrarurM.
I I X^k^J* I I -f 111 ' 0 * 11 - 1 - Trfadwcllji. llalnes.
\ A \ T**»*n / / Sltaguay. etc.. Alaska — It
Y<!JV \\ »• m -' October 12. 17. 22. 27.
VSxJI^/y/ Nov. 1. Change to thU com-
1^^ pany*s steamers at Seattle.
Kur Victoria, Vancouver,
Port " Towasend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett.
Anaeortes. South Bflllnsham, BelllnRham — 11
a. m.. Oct. 12, 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Change at
Seattle to this company'B steamers for Alaska,
and G. M. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humbotdt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. October 13, VJ. 25, 31. Nov. 6. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. October 4. 10. 16, 22. 28, Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Dlegro and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Anreles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, Pan Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (3aa
Luis OMspp) Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m., October 14. 22. 30. Nov. T.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. October 10, 18. 26. Nov. 3.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pa*. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (I'alace Hoteli. 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves. Preiffht oaco, 10 Market st.
C. V. DUNANN, tieneral Passenger Agent.
10 Market St., Pan Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter »t.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
. AMSSZCAK X.ZNS.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York, Saturday, 9:30 a. m.
Germanic Oct. 15|St. Paul Oct. 29
New York Oct. 22) Philadelphia ...Nov. 5
ATLANTIC TSAHSFOBT LINE.
Hew York — London Direct.
Manitou..Oct. 15. 9 am IMesaba. .Oct. 29. 9 am
Mnnetnka.Oct.22. 4 pm'Mnneh.Nov. 5. 3:30 pm
DOMINION T.1TTE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Southwark Oct. UIDomlnlon Oct. 23
Kensington Oct. 221 Vancouver Nov. 5
BIS STAB LINX.
ITnr Tork — Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
From New York. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m.
Finland .; Oct. i.ijKroonland Oct. 2!»
Vaderland Oct. 22><>eland Nov. i
WHITE STAB LINE.
H«w Tork — Qn*«n«town — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Cedrlc.-Oct. 14. !» am Teutonic. Oct. 28. 10am
Oceanic. .Oct. 1». 2 pm Celtic. . .Oct. 28. 7 am
1 Arabic... Oct. 21. 3 pm Baltic Nov. 2, noon
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric Oct. 13. Nov. IT
VTEVT SERVICE PBOM BOSTON.
Fast Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11,400 to 15.000 Tons.
! JTEW TOBZ ASTD BOSTON DIBECT
To the Mediterranean.
Via Azores, Gibraltar. Nanlea. Genoa.
FROM NEW YORK.
REFPBLIC. ..Oct. 20. Dec. 1. Jan. 14. Feb. Ti
1 CRETIC Nov. 3. Dec. 12. Feb. 4. March 13
• . FROM BOSTON.
ROMA NIC. Oct. 29. Dec. 10. Jan. 23. Mar. It
CXNOFIC Nov. 19. Jan. 7. Feb. 13
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
i . 21 Post St., San Francisco.
TOYO K1SEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Btaain-rs will leave Pacific Mai! wharf, cor-
ner First and Brannan street*, at 1 p. m.. rot
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllns at
Kobe (Htoco). Nax&sakl and Shanghai anj
connecting at Hongkong with steamers fop
India etc No cargo received oa board on day
I' tfSfiBRICA MARU
Wednesday. October 19. 1904
Via Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at reduce*
rates. For freleht and passage apply at Com-
Pliny's office 421 Market street, corner First.
' W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 8. 11 a.m.
B S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct 20. 11 a.m.
¦€ S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auek-
*iand and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 20. 2 p. m,
I.D.SPIECIELS k BE01 COL, Aflt.TlCtet 0SlC56t3 tir-
j ttL ¦ fntgut OSes 329 Maftfl st, PUi 7, Pacifc a.
C0»AG2UI QXHZBALS TRAN3ATl.AMHQ0£
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARI3
Palling every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 4i ——•»-«*•
North "River,- foot of Morton st.
Ftr»t clasa to Havre. (70 and upward. Se«~
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GE.V-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldln*),
N«w York J F. FUOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Monttomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets • sold by all Railroad Ticket Ag«nt».
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
STEAMER ftT CORCORAN.
Leaves S. T.. CUy St.. N end of Ferry bid*,
daily 9:30 a. m., 3 and *S p. m. Sundays,
B.30 a. m.. 8 p. m.. leave Vallejo dally «:M
a to.. 12:20 and 5:30 p. m. Sundays 3p.HL
F*are 25c P. A. G. Ca Phone Main 64J.
»Satardays wcepted.
Vox 17. 8. Navy Tard sad VaUejo.
Sirs. General Friable. Montlcello and Arrow,
0:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. « p.m.. 8:30 p.
m Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:43 a.m..
12:30 p.m.. 6p.m.. 8:30 pm. Leave Vallejo. T
a.m.. fta-m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:13 p.m.. 6 p.m. Sun-
days. 7 a.m.. 8 a.m.. 3:20 pm.. 8 p.m. Pier 3.
ft. Mlulon st: phone Main 1503. HATCH BROS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Persons holding
tickets for the raf-
fle for four houses
in Alameda, to be de-
cided by the Hondu-
ras drawing October
15th, 1904, can have
their money refunded
by presenting said
tickets to the agent
who sold them same.
rTY\ Wv Special
* l\ v® r CutlBrj * re
Cutlery x ~ / Thoroughly
Dependable.
BAZOBS, in high grades, as low as
S1.00
STAB SAFETY BAZOBS cut In price
from $2.00 to £1.25
BAZOB STBOPS from 25c
Razors honed and ground. Hon-
ing, 25c.
TBT A C0NXX.IWS SEI.P-riI.1.-
INO- rOUKTAIN PEN.
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 MABXET ST.. Opp. Plfta St-
San Francisco.
Gonorrhoea and Urinary Discbarges.
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.HERE'S A PRETTY ENGLISH PICTURE
that would make a Fifth avenue stage
horse shy, but this man is a bargain
counter fiend. Just as regularly - as
there is a sale he turns up and gets
right in and hustles with the women.
He elbows his way energetically to the
front and samples everything and buys
nothing, on much the same principle
as they do. It appears to be his only
form of amusement."
"Do you 'see that man over there?"
asked the floorwalker of a big depart
ment store in New York the other day.
"Well, he's unique — the only one of
his kind I ever saw. I've seen lots
of men before who were bargain
fiends and who haunted auctions and
fire sales and laid in a stock of all
sorts of useless things, from an anti
quated bar to a collection of chromos
Man Bargain*Counter Fiend.
THE names of the children, reading from bottc/m to top, are: On the
left the Hon. Edith Cadogan, born 1895; the Hon. Cynthia, born 1896;
the Hon. Victoria, born 1901. On the right, the Hon. Alexandra, born
1900; the Hon. Sybil, born 1893. The little boy sitting on his mother's lap is
Lord and Lady Chelsea's only son. H e was born In 1903 and will one day be
Lord Cadogan. Lady Chelsea, who was married in 1892, Is a daughter of the
late Lord Alington. Lord Chelsea is the eldest son of Earl Cadogan.
LiADY CHELSEA AND HER SIX CHILDREN.
The warm weather in the East gets to the nerves of Commander
Peary and he is hastening preparations to get back once more to
, J XT .« yj . •
The National Malady. i
j A little Cincinnati eirl- has been
sent to a sanitarium for "automania."
If our national sanitarium capacity
was about fifty times as large as It is
that might be an effective method for
disposing of the adult automaniacs. —
Chicago Record-Herald.
There would be a lot of money in it
for the man who could patent a way
always to get in the last word in an
argument. — New York Press. '
Women Wouldn't Need It.
f Now the lifelong Democrat who will
vote for Roosevelt and the lifelong
Republican who is for Parker will
appear on the scene and make the air
blue with their rival claims. What a
pity they could not fight it out on a
vacant lot! — Chicago News.
Could Save Wear and Tear.
Now that there has been formed in New York an egg testers*
union, we suppose that the cry "unfair hen" will soon be heard in
Four months ago Colonel Bryan
was being chased by the money devil.
Now he is fleeing from the war god.
Is there no peace for this good man?
— Kansas City Journal.
He Likes It.
Uncle Henry Davis has delivered himself of his letter of ac
ceptance and now he may easily slip into the limbo of forgotten
things-
The Atlanta Constitution is carrying on a crusade against the
custom of burning negroes at the stake. All honor to the work.
"October first and all's quiet at Esopus" chants the watchman
A man who was sued at Halifax.
Nova Scotia, for one penny damage for
striking a match on the Town Hall,
asked the police to prove the damage
by showing which scratch he made. So
many were found that the case was
dismissed.
Poser for the Police.
Two Paris painters, who were ac
cused of theft by their fellow work
men, were, as a punishment, painted
one black and the other white. They
were then left to go home, but were ar
rested for disorderly conduct by the
police and locked up.
Painters Painted.
You can trust a clever woman
To get up a project neat;
They had frittered away their time that
day.
But they all fell on their feet.
For they auctioned off the thimbles,
And the bidding prospered so
They made enough, with their little bluff,
To let the old sewing go.
— Chicago Record-Herald.
They called the party a "thimble "
And every guest brought one-
They met to sew for the church you
know. J
Alack, no sewing was done.
They talked and talked together
And away the thimbles rolled
Under the chairs and down the stairs,
The silver ones and the gold.
The ladies talked, God bless 'em,
Of everything under the sun;
Of church and school and cooking rule*
• Oh, how their tongues did run!
Of the work they planned to finish
Not a single stitch was aet;
They were too unnerved until tea was
served —
That work is waiting yet
For Sweet Charity.
Milka Ternlna. the opera singer, is
now living in a cottage Just outside of
Munich and will t>e unable to Bing for
some time, as she is suffering from a
form of facial paralysis, which has af
fected the optic nerve as well as her
voice.
Trrnlna lias Facial Paralysis.
Shawls and fabrics so delicate that
they could be "drawn through a lady's
ring" is a type of luxury familiar in
old tales of Oriental magnificence, and
many of the new silks displayed on
the counters this fall are so thin and
supple that a width of the fabrics
might easily be threaded through as
small a circlet without leaving a
crease, says the New York Sun. Chif
fon weaves have invaded all the fa
miliar silks, faille and grosgrain , be
ing the last to fall into line. Rumors
that silks would take on more body
and rustle this fall have all been si
lenced by the appearance of the new
materials, which, as a whole, are softer
if anything than ever. Authorities as
sert that . the silks being woven, for
next spring's trade go even further' In
this direction. Chiffon faille, an old
friend with a new characteristic," : is
one of the most popular weaves with
both dressmaker and milliner. / It
comes in all the modish tones at $1 a
yard. All the season's silks have more
luster than for many seasons.
Delicate Fabrics.
Salmon Jelly— Soak two tablespoon
fuls of gelatine in one-third cup of cold
water for one hour; then stir it over
the fire until dissolved; then add one
cupful of boiled dressing and one can
of minced salmon; add more seasoning
if necessary. When ready to serve turn
it out of the mold and 'serve on a bed
of lettuce.
The best and healthiest trade In the
world is that of dyemaklng from coal
tar. Tar and the smell of It is the best
of all tonics and tissue builders. The
average life of a tarworker is 86 years.
The mortality is 80 per cent lower than
in any other factory trade.
World's ITealthlrst Trade.
Fruit Salad— Peel and divide into sec
tions one large orange and two Man
darin orangey. Shell and halve twelve
English walnuts; take the seeds from
twenty-four Malaga grapes; shred one
medium-sized pineapple, and slice two
red bananas. Chill fruit before prepar
ing. Mix with a French dressing. Serve
at once on lettuce leaves with mayon
naise.
THE editor of a Southern California weekly journal asks: "Why
should any one like San Francisco?" Then he presents a col
umn of reasons, social, political and climatic, why nobody
should like San Francisco as a permanent dwelling place. He thought
he knew whereof he reasoned, for, as he says, he spent two consecu
tive unhappy weeks in San Francisco.
But his query is not devoid of interest to the several hundreds
of thousands of folk who like San Francisco well enough to make it
their home. Their reasons for preferring life here above life any
where else would probably be just as convincing as those adduced by
the Southern California framer of public thought. People like to live
in San Francisco because their residence enables them to find more
to gratify their personal comfort than they can find by residing else
where. They get more of the things they desire than they can in
any other city, town or hamlet in this or any other country.
The visitor from other Pacific Coast communities can never
quite understand the San Francisco attitude toward either San
Francisco or toward the other Pacific Coast communities. As a
matter of fact, the San Francisco resident seldom thinks at all
about other communities, and certainly is never jealous of them. He
is as indifferent to them as he is careless of their opinion of San
Francisco. The Seattleite or Portlander or Los Angelan can ex
press any opinion he chooses of San Francisco, and the average San
Francisco man will not wrangle with him about it. All that he
insists upon is that he prefers to live here.
The visitor who spends only two weeks in San Francisco cannot
comprehend the spirit of San Francisco life or understand the San
Francisco point of view. He is certain to fail if he has been a prom
inent figure in a smaller community, for he is so quickly absorbed
in the mass that he can never quite forgive the city for its utter in
difference to him. Which may be explanatory of the query pro
pounded by the journalist from south of the Tehachapi who spent
an uncomfortable fortnight here.
Professor Thomas Oliver, address
ing the Industrial hygiene section of
the sanitary congress in Glasgow, said
the system of "rushing" work Intro
duced Into Britain from America not
only caused unwholesome fatigue and
many accidents, but "predisposed the
individual to ill health and created a
taste for stimulants, unhealthy recre
ation and love of excitement such as
was offered by theaters and music
halls."
He Blames Us.
LOVE OF THE CITY.
Here is a tasty dish that utilizes an
inexpensive cut of meat: Select a neck
of lamb, separate it into the natural
sections and cut the meat from the
bones. Have a casserole at hand, put
Into It two tablespoonfuls of butter and
saute in it a small onion. As soon as
the onion is a golden brown put In the
lamb, which has been rolled In salted
and peppered flour. Saute it until it is
nicely browned on all sides. Then add
two large slices of tomato, a table
spoonful or two of minced ham and two
cupfuls of seasoned meat stock or hot
water flavored with beef extract and a
little kitchen bouquet. Cover the dish
tight, put it in the oven and cook slow
ly for two hours. If vegetable flavoring
is liked, about twenty minutes before
the dish Is to be served diced carrot
and turnip and green peas may be con
tributed. Send to the table in the cas
serole.
The day of mitts is returning and
their popularity is due to the Marie
Antoinette sleeve. This Is a sleeve
which is tight to the elbow, where it
is met by a wide ruffle of lace which
falls oft! the arm. This sleeve is used
for dinner gowns and for evening
dresses. It has been worn more or
less all summer and will be the fash
ionable sleeve of the coming winter.
It is particularly handsome as an opera
sleeve, being neither too short for good
taste nor too long for elegance.
The mitt, be it black or white, is
leng, is made of silk, of course, and is
embroidered upon the back. The dainty
knitted silk mitt is affected by women
who can afford to hire the knitting
done by hand. It is open work, is done
in flesh color and is a mass of intri
cate stitches. The seed designs are
most popular and the openwork drop
stitches, so well known to the knitters
of bygone days, will be seen. At a din
ner given recently a guest wore mitts
of flesh-colored silk with a small con
ventional raised vine upon the back,
all in pink and green. Her fingers were
loaded with handsome rings and brace
lets adorned her arms. Another guest
present wore black silk mitts embroid
ered upon the back with pink roses.
These roses were raised and were re
markably pretty, matching the gown,
which was a shell pink voile, perfectly.
For the Table.
Mitts to the Fore.
Editor The Call-in spite of the noble
work of the San Francisco Call the im
provement bonds have again been de
feated. Who is at fault, the people or
city official fakers?
Why were not the Improvement
bonds subjected to the people as the
interest of the city at large?
Over 7000 votes were cast. Over 4000
selfish people, unreasonably In the ex
treme, voted "yes" on somehlng to
benefit themselves and "no" on what
would benefit friends, relatives and
their children. Yet they all were sup
posed to wprk for the future Oakland.
For seventeen years I have known Oak
land and during: all of that period I
have observed the selfishness of the
people.
May God help us to stick together In
the future and think as one man of
the interests of our city and Its future
inhabitants. OLAF J. HANSSEN.
Oakland, October 1.
The Oakland Bonds
In special articles and facts, fads and fancies for women there
is a wide scope of entertaining reading matter. Augusta Frescott
writes of the return of the high shoulder puff for women, describes
the coming silk gown, gives some tips for prudent dressers, and a
half column of advice on how women can make their own trim
mings. Madge Moore writes on "Masculine Taste in Manners" and
answers correspondents: and Professor Miehling contributes the
last of his talks on "Physical Culture at Home."
There is a full page with splendid half tones on "The Newspaper
Artists' Exhibit," which is to be held in the Maple Room of the
Palace Hotel shortly; a page on the Greek drama, "Ajax," to be
presented at Berkeley; and the book page, by Robert W. Ritchie. In
addition there are shorter items of interest and storiettes sprinkled
throughout the sixteen pages, and of course, the puzzle page for the
children.
<<""pHE GRAFTERS/' by Francis Lynde, will begin in the Sun-
I day Call Magazine to-morrow. "The Grafters" is, as its
name might suggest, a political story. It is told tersely, di
rectly and forcibly; and throughout the author has shown a keen
insight into the motives that actuate men for good or evil in public
life, and a thorough knowledge of the subtle gradations^ by which
men of too little stamina succumb to the lowering of their princi
ples of equity and right until they are in purely for the "graft." As
befits a popular novel, there is a thoroughly enjoyable contest at
hearts between the young lawyer who throws himself heart and soul
into the struggle with the junta, and the girl who is his inspiration,
and who fears he in turn will become one with the grafters. In
view of the coining campaign the story is particularly timely.
In shorter fiction and essay matter the edition is, as usual,
graced with such celebrated names as Marie Corelli and Jerome K.
Jerome, the former having "The Madness of Clotfies" and the !atter
"On Being Introduced," both keen satires on social topics ; the reg
ular installment of the "Batch of Love Letters" series is contrib
uted by W. Pett Ridge, and Frank T. Bullen contributes a humorous
tale, ".Vat's Monlcev/?
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
TOM WATSON, the Presidential nominee of the People's party,
would do many surprising things if Judge Parker would only
get out of his way and allow him to control "the great militant
Democratic party from sea to sea.'' He is modest enough to admit
that even under these highly improbable circumstances he might not
actually whip the Republicans, but he would promise his opponents
a battle royal worthy of so great an occasion. The Populist candi
date "longs for and loves the thunder of the guns" nearly as much
as he seems to love the sound of his own voice, but inasmuch as
Judge Parker shows no inclination to abdicate in favor of his some
what noisy rival we may assume that the Democratic party has as
little use for Mr. Watson as has the country at large.
When Tom Watson detailed some of the labor misfortunes from
which the country has momentarily suffered he was simply utilizing
the well-worn stock in trade of the Democratic party, which seeks
its opportunity and its advertisement in human misery and social
lawlessness and strives to reap a political harvest in the fields of dis
content. The Democratic party knows well that national prosperity
means Republican success, and their dismay at the overwhelming
proofs of the country's progress is sufficiently evidenced by the zeal
with which they parade and exaggerate every transient factor which
can be twisted and distorted into an opposite indication.
The state of the country is, however, a matter of invincible sta
tistics and bank balances. For the month of September Government
receipts were nearly $4,000,000 in excess of expenditure, and this
points to a big surplus at the end of the fiscal year. The Democrats
had of course hoped for a deficit, which woultf have made them feel
once more at home. The expanding receipts, moreover, come from
internal revenue, and this again means increased purchasing power,
one of the surest indices of national wellbeing. The savings bank
returns are of an even more convincing nature. In 1896 the deposits
amounted to $1,907,156,277, while in 1903 they had risen to $2,935,
204.845. Such evidences as these could be multiplied almost ad
nauseam. President Roosevelt was not using mere terms of speech
nor figures of rhetoric when he said at Minneapolis: "We are now
in a condition of prosperity unparalleled not merely in our own his
tory, but in the history of any other nation. This prosperity is deep
rooted and stands on a firm basis because it is due to the fact that
the average American has in him the stuff out of which victors are
made in the great industrial contests of the present day, just as in
the great military contests of the past, and because he is now able to
use and develop his qualities to best advantage under our well
established economic system."
THE POPULIST CANDIDATE.
For this reason, probably, platonic
love does not thrive in our American
civilization, which has a cold-blooded
way of looking facts in the face and
calling: them by their right names. W*>
1 have friendships and flirtations; we
i have true love, strong and deep be
| tween betrothed and married lovers;
we have unrequited love, a painful
malady, a thorn in the flesh of the
lover; we have follies and infidelity of
thought and action, and we have di
vorce courts in plenty.
But platonic love, that ethereallzed
human passion, does not exist among
us. Such a colorless incense of one
soul before another belongs to a ro
mantic, a sentimental people. In our
practical world of every-day life there
is nothing in the notion — except the
heartache.
I have only Spartan advice to give
when a young matron writes to me
that a young; man, not her husband,
loves her, and she, a loyal wife and
fond mother, does not know what to
do. Should she try to influence him
through his love lc±. her, and inspire
him to all that Is not>le and good; or
should she hesitate in such a course,
lest, if she allows his love to grow, it
vill make him unhappy In the end?
When suffering must sooner or later
be inflicted, a quick, sure pain is the
kindest to give, and the easiest to
bear.
A woman who is married to a good
man, and Is mother of his children,
must not play with fire. She cannot get
hurt herself without her family's
sharing in the disaster. And ten to
one some floating bit of her mental
drapery will catch the blaze and ignite
her mind and soul.
Then there is the other side of it,
the man's side. If a woman cannot
marry a man who loves her, for one
reason or another, there is one way,
and one only, that she can be his in
spiration — by letting him keep his
ideal of her as pure and high as it was
in its inception. Disappointment In
love never yet ruined a really strong
man, provided he was able to keep his
ideals unshattered; and no lasting
good will come from buoying up a
weak man, unless you can undertake
a life contract.
When a woman takes the trouble to
assure herself and others of her loy
alty to her husband and her children,
the time is a more critical one for her
than she imagines.
There is only one sensible course
when a married woman suspects that
a man friend has fallen in love with
her. She must end the relationship
as quickly and as tactfully as possible,
for his sake as well as for her own.
But when put In the balance
with common sense it is lighter than
wind-blown mist, writes Dorothy Feni
more in the Chicago Journal.
PLATONIC love is platonlc fool
ishness. It looks nice on pa
per. It sounds well in high
sounding, stilted sentences.
SHOULD HE GET THE CHANCE?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. 6PRECKEI*S Proprietor
ADDKESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO
!O\VS MeNACGHT jlanagfT
I T.-BLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREKT8. SAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY OCTOBER 8. 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8, 190*.
Only Heartache
in
Platonic Love
COPYRIGHT. 19M, BY SPECIAL. ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL
8
Special Information supplied daily t»
business nouses and publlo men by th.t
Prass Clipping Bureau ( Allen'*). 234 C*J-»
if oral* street. Telephone Mala leii, * ¦
On November 1. 1904. Townsend's Cal-
ifornia Glace Fruit will b« advanced 10c
per lb. Holiday orders received up to
that date at present price. •
Finest eyeglasses. 15c to BOe. 79 4th at.
front of Key's Celebrated Oyster House.*
Townsend's California Glace fruit* la
artiatlc fire-etched boxes. 715 Market at.*PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.— Petitions in
Insolvency were filed yesterday In the United
States District Court by John Towle miner
Angels Camp; liabilities. $3S3: no asstrte. Fred
M. Thompson, locomotive engineer. ' Oakland
liabilities, »610; no asset*. vamana.
Will Continue Two Weeks Longer.
The bazaar which has been in prog
ress in St. Paul's parish during the
last two weeks will continue a fort
night longer. The storm so Interfered
with the work of preparation during
the opening days that little was done
until last week. The attendance has
since beeti good. The main spire of
the church was Illuminated last night
and attracted the attention of the peo
ple of the Mission. The spire Is 230
feet high and may be seen from al
most any part of the city. The bazaar
promises to be a great success.
CHARGED WITH HITTING WOMEN.
Oakland, Oct. 7. — B«n Seara. - a waiter, was
arraigned In the Police Court to-day on two
chargeo of battery, the complainants being
Miss Mary Henderson and L. N. Norwood.
Norwood sayr S^-ar* hit Mrs. Norwood, after
beating him. and. also knocked Miss Hend
rlckfton down during a quarrel at Ninth and
Jefferwon ntreets over a dog.
A motion to set aside the Informa
tion charging Harry Radcliffe with
the murder of Andrew Kiley at Ninth
and Howard streets on June 26 waa
argued before Judge Cook yesterday
and denied. The motion was based
on the ground that errors had bean
made In the commitment from the
lower court. The case was set for
trial on November 2. Frank O'Connor,
a soldier, was arraigned on a charge
of murder for fatally stabbing Arthur
Oliver, colored, on Pacific street, near
Kearny, on July 4. He pleaded not
guilty and the case was continued till
October 21 to be set.
Alleged Murderers In Court.
Those «ho ro on the excursion to Wunu
next Sunday will be given a free ride in a soe
cJnl train from Willits to the nedwoods and to
the mills and ponds of the Northwestern Red
wood Company. .
The San Francisco unions affiliated
with the International Printing 1 Press
men's Union of North America have
secured the seventeenth annual con
vention for this city. As the under
taking will be a large one and requires
considerable funds the joint conven
tion committee representing Web
(newspaper) Pressmen No. 4. Print
ing Pressmen No. 24 and Feeders and
Assistants No. 33 has arranged for an
all night ball for the purpose of rais
ing funds. The ball will be held in
Mechanics' Pavilion Saturday evening,
November 5. The committee of ar
rangements consists of James Garrett,
chairman; Edward McGlnity, George
Lampman, George Maloney, Dan Dog
getL
Pressmen Will Danee.
W. Storek, who lives at 225 Guer
rero street, did not get home yester
day morning and his friends fear that
evil has befallen him. He attended
a meeting of the Leather Workers 1
Union last Thursday night at 927 Mis
sion street and left the meeting at
11:25 p. m. with the books of the
union in a grip. He was last seen at
the corner of Fifth and Mission streets
at 1 a. m. yesterday.
W. Storck Is Missing.
Valises and dress suit cases just arrived
—carload rates save money and you sot
the benefit. Lowest prices and bT-st
goods. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
Another Carload of Trunks,
The suit of Mabel Sutley against B.
Ducarpe for the recovery of her trunk
held for a board bill was submitted
yesterday on briefs to Justice of the
Peace Van Nostrand. The testimony
disclosed that Mabel Sutley and her
sister Jessie engaged board and lod^
ine at the Edgmere at $70 a month,
itabel paid her half, but her trunk
was retained for Jessie's half, which
was not paid. Judge Van Xostrand
gave judgment yesterday in favor of
Maurice L- Rose, who sued J. Bruce
Adams and his wife for an unpaid
board bill. The counter claim for the
loss of a watch was not proved by the
defendants.
Troubles Over Board and Lodging.
NEW MEMRERS ARE ELECTED.— The So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
has elected Mrs. M. Palache. J. D. Grant and
Raphael Welll an life members, and J. M. Al
len, J. Otis. M. Hale. C. S. Neal. A. J. Rich.
W. B. Cope. W. Ames. L. F. Geissler. Mlss ¥
Sylvia Talbot and A. Wenielberger as annual'
members. At a meeting of the society held yes
terday it was ehown that 1UO children had
been afforded relief during September.
Upon a stipulation of the parties to
the suit Judge Troutt yesterday set
aside the interlocutory decree of di
vorce granted October 3 to Grace E.
Mann from William O. Mann for
neglect.
Louis Katz was yesterday granted a
divorce from Eleanor Katz in Judge
Seawell's court on the ground of cru
elty. Besides calling him vile names
she was accused of threatening to split
his head with a hatchet.
Suits for divorce were filed by Jose
phine Poole against Andrew Poole, de
sertion; Martha A. Harting against
George M. Harting, neglect; Estella M.
Purnell against Alvln J. Purnell, a mu
sic teacher, desertion and neglect;
Marguerite M. Blaisdell against Charles
J. Blaisdell, intemperance, and Max
Harvey Ely against Frances H. B. Ely.
desertion.
Judge Hebbard yesterday ordered
Theodore Shelton Higgins to pay his
wife, Annie B. Higgins. $100 a mt«>.th
alimony pending the trial of her suit
for divorce and $250 counsel fees. The
matter of the receivership for the Hotel
Inverness, applied for by Mrs. Higgins,
was abandoned, she having sold her
Interest in the business to her husband
on October 1. In his affidavit against
the application for alimony the dentist
said he was in debt $1500 and that his
income from his profession was only
$240 a month, of which $75 is used for
office expenses.
Upon recommendation of Referee
Thomas S. Mulvey, Judge Hebbard yes
terday granted a divorce to Josephine
Ellen Waterman from Frederick J.
"Waterman, who was accused of com
mitting ' Innumerable acts of cruelty
during the entire sixteen years of their
married life.
A triple charge of neglect, cruelty
and inftdelity was lodged yesterday by
Elsie M. Cleary against George M.
Cleary, some time detective and mem
tloned In connection with the recent
Grace McXaughton case.
The McXaughton woman is named as
co-respondent by Mrs. Cleary, who al
leges that Cleary lived openly with her
at the Larkspur Villa, In Marin County,
from July 13 to 30 last. Grace Me-
Naughton was accused of burglary In
Oakland and was brought back from
Los Angeles to answer, but the charge
was not sustained and she was dis
charged. She then secured a warrant
for the arrest of Cleary for stealing a
diamond ring from her.
Mrs. Cleary's complaint says that she
married Cleary December 1, 1901, and
that he has neglected to provide for
her for more -than a year. In Novem
ber of last year she went to his room
to persuade him to return to her and
found another woman there. He threat
ened to call the porter to throw his
wife out, she says. In July last he came
to her room at 2930 Fulton street with
a diamond ring. He told her, she says,
that he had "been put on a case of a
stolen ring and had found it in the pos
session of a small boy, but had not had
time to take it to the Police Depart
ment." She told him jokingly that she
did not believe the story, and taking
the ring started to put it on. There
upon, she says, he choked her until her
neck was black and blue. On another
occasion when he had absented him
self she found that he was at the Cal
laghan building. She went there to see
him, but he told her he did not care
for her and would never live with her
again. Charles H. Hinckey is the plain
tiff's attorney.
Grace M'Naughton Now
Figures in Suit for
Divorce.
UNFOHTX'KATE YOUNG WOMAN
WHO SEEMS TO BE PURSUED
BY AX UNKIND FATE.
Again, If their evidence contained some
slight conformities to the ideals enter
tained by the able commissioner as to what
their evidence should have been, how would
he explain the palpable error which he made
In the first page of his comments upon the
case by making the applicant, I-lm Fong, his
own uncle and a resident of Oakland for some
years last passed" We sincerely congratulate
the department of Injustice of this great land,
which has established a cowardly rule to ex
clude . helpless native Chinese citizens of the
United Slates when the country and the of
ficials do not dare to exclude the natives of
fighting and victorious Japan, who are be
coming a far greater menace to the laborers
of America than the Chinese were ever al
leged to have been.
As to the uncle's testimony, it must be clear
to any unprejudiced mind that It bears the
stamp of truth and veracity. He honestly
states he did not stand directly over the mother
of Lim Fong at the identical moment of his
birth, which birth has been absolutely proved
btyond the peradventure of a doubt to have
occurred in Chinatown In the city of Oakland
and the State of California, U. S. A., 26 years
a~o.
In view of the monumental error of the ex
amining Inspector in erectin* such a bugaboo
by laying- auch stress upon the inadmisslbllUy
or hearsay evidence, which we regret to see.
was so cordially concurred in by our able fel
low citizen and distinguished legal light. Com
missioner North, who eo unjustly commented
upon the evidence of the unfortunate Chinese
who, without the protection of counsel, show
by their evidence the fear and trembling which
they felt.
M. M. Foote, an attorney, filed a
unique document yesterday in the
United States District Court as part of
a petition in habeas corpus on behalf
of Lim Fong. a Chinese laborer, who
arrived by the Siberia on May 27 and
wag denied a landing. Lim Fong claim
ed to be a native American and ap
pealed to the Secretary of the Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor. The of
ficial confirmed the action of United
States Immigrant Commissioner Hart
North. The appeal is appended to the
petition for the writ of habeas corpus
and is decidedly unconventional. The
following are extracts:
Exclusion Branch of Gov
ern in cut Is Referred to as
Department of Injustice
GRILLS BUREAU METHOD
Files Picturesque Paper in
Which He Makes Fun
of Commissioner North
LAWYER FOOTE
IS SARCASTIC
Those who were fortunate enough to
see the performance of "Twelfth Night"
last year at Lyric Hall by the Ben Greet
players will welcome the announcement
that for the last week of the present en
gagement two of Shakespeare's most
charming comedies will be given by that
excellent organization. Ben Greet is one
of the greatest stage managers in this
line, and all who attend can he assured
of a deliehtful and interesting evening
On Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
nights and at the Wednesday and Satur
day matinees "Much Ado About Noth
ing" will be given in the Elizabethan
manner, with the finest collection of cos
tumes direct from London, appropriate
music by a string orchestra and every
attention to correct detail. Constance
Crawley. who played the part of Every
man, will be the Beatrice, and Ben Greet
will play his groat role of Benedick. On
Thursday. Friday and Saturday nights
and at a special matinee on Friday after
noon "Twelfth Night" will be given. In
this .Mr. Greet will again be seen as Mal
volio, one of the finest bits of character
acting that has been seen in this city for
many a day. Manager Greenbaum has
arranged to give the Wednesday and
Friday matinees at half-past three, so
that the pupils and teachers of the
schools and colleges may attend without
inconvenience. After touring the State
the company will return for a farewell
engagement and present the "Star of
Bethlehem," a miracle play of the Na
tivity.
Ben Grcet's Players in Shakspearenn
Comedy at Lyric Hall.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert P. Troy have
issued cards announcing an "At Home"
the third and fourth Thursdays in No
vember from 4 till 7, 1776 Bush street.
Mrs. Marguerite Y. Loughran an
nounces the engagement of her daugh
ter, Blanch Marguerite, to William
C. Dillingham of Los Angeles. The
wedding will take place next Monday,
October 9, at the home of the bride in
San Diego, where the ceremony will be
performed by Rev. Father Ubach of
St. Joseph's Catholic Church. Miss
Loughran is the youngest daughter of
the late Thomas Loughran of this city.
The bride will be attended by her niece,
Miss Evelyn O'Farrell of San Francis
co, and Edward Loughran will serve as
best man. The St. Louis Exposition
and an extensive Eastern trip are
planned for the bridal trour.
Miss Maye Colburn was hostess at a
luncheon on Thursday, given in honor
of Miss Marie Voorhies, whose en
gagement to Captain Young has just
been announced. The decorations were
all in red, the candelabra and berries
giving the first real autumn suggestion
and casting a cheerful glow over all
surroundings. The guests were Miss
Voorhies, Mrs. Douglas Sloane Wat
son, Mrs. Samuel Buckbee, Mrs. Henry-
Foster Dutton. Mrs. George H. Men
dell, Mrs. James Bishop, Mrs. John
Rodgers Clark, Mrs. Malcolm Henry,
Miss Ardella Mills, Miss Gertrude Van
Wyck, Mrs. Grayson Dutton.
Mr. and Mrs. S. G. Fulton were en
tertained at an elaborate dinner given
by George and Sidney Hauptman last
evening at the Knickerbocker.
Mrs. Isabel C. Barrows, who, with
her daughter, is staging the production
of Sophocles' "Ajax," was the guest of
honor at a reception given yesterday
by the Channing Auxiliary. An all-
Greek cast gave this same dr.ama in
New York last March, and at that time
Mrs. Barrows and her daughter staged
it under the patronage of these dis
tinguished persons: Edward Mac-
Dowell, William Dean Howells, Hamil
ton "Wright Mabie, Richard Watson
Gilder, Dr. Felix Adler, Nicholas Mur
ray Butler. Heinrich Conried, J. G.
Phelps Stokes and John La Farge.
The parlors of the First Unitarian
Church were filled with guests, who
were received by Mrs. William R.
Wheeler, president of the auxiliary,
assisted by Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheel
er, Mrs. W. H. Mills, Mrs. E. C.
Wright, Mrs. Charles Stetson Wheeler,
Mrs. Fernando Pflngst, Mrs. Bradford
Leavitt, Miss Beaver, Miss Kate
Beaver, Mrs. Robert Collier^ Mrs. E.
C. Farnsworth, Mrs. Julius Weber,
Mrs. Fairfax Wheelan, Mrs. Ernest
Simpson, Miss Edith Buckingham,
Mrs. E. L. Davenport, Mrs. Lloyd
Baldwin, Miss Ardella Mills.
The Pioneer Women held their an
nual meeting for the election of of
ficers In Golden Gate Hall yesterday
afternoon. Another feature of , lm- v
portance and superior Interest to Cal-
Ifornlans was the adoption of a reso
lution petitioning the Legislature to
place in niches In Satuary Hall at
Washington the statues of Leland
Stanford and Joseph Le Conte. The
newly elected officers are: President,
Mrs. Agnes McDonald; first vice presi
dent, Mrs. Louise Berryman; .second
vice president, Mary F. Wheeland;
secretary, Julia R. Brown; correspond
ing secretary. Carrie Smith-Burr;
treasurer, Mary F. McCormack; mar
shal, Louise Chase; board of directors,
Mrs. Holmes, Mrs. Leigh, Mrs. Klein
claus; trustees, Mrs. Dummer, Mrs.
Boyd, Mrs. Crittenden, Mrs. Dollivar.
PLAN HONORS
FOR LE CONTE
AND STANFORD
IS NAMED AS CO-RESPONDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. OCTOBER 8, 190-1.
9
POSTUM CEREAL.
Coffee dyspepsia isn't
always suspected, but
10 days leavingf off
coffee and using
POSTUM
Clears all doubts.
Get the famous little book, "The Road
to Wellville," in each package.
ANOTHER FRAUD ORDER. — A fraud order
*M issued >esterday fcy the Postoffice Depart-
ment againn the Interstate Mercantile Com-
rany cf this city. It ;.- similar in plan to the
other foretrni denounced as fraud*.
The run-, of happiness ir.creaees with the de-
crease, of fear. The user of "Old Gilt Edge
Whiskey" fears not ill health, nor inclement
¦»eath»r. Wirhman. LiHnrra A Co.. 29-21 Bat-
tery «.. S. F. •
MAKES APPEAL FOR AID.— Francesca Li-
>:.-•'. of 1' *1A Foifom ttreet, widow of Sal-
i-v rf- Lis&cti, who was killed by a fire en-
sin* which unavoidably ran Into his wagon
«t Buih and Taylor ftreets. appealed yester-
day to the Supervisors for ami»tance. Mrs.
Liear.tl ia left in destitute circumstances with
two small children to care for.
— CALIFORNIA-^
MATINEE TO-DAT.
Greatest musical comedy hit in years,
—talk of the town.
The
Tenderfoot
With PHILIP H. RYLEY and the big
New York Company of Sixty.
Don't miss h«arlng the song hits:
-MY ALAMO LOVE."
"THE TORTURED THOMAS CAT."
All Next Week "The Tenderfoot."
SwaggerVaudeville
Felix and Barry; Mme. A very Strait o«ch;
Hoey and Xiee, and Orpnenm Motion
Pictures. Lait time* of Ted E. Box;
T. Trovollo; Kennedy and Seynolda;
Two Pncka, and
URBANI AND SON.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thursday.
Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c. 25c and 50c.
GRAND SS5I§
MATINEE TO-DAY
LAST NIGHT
YORK
STATE FOLKS
Beginning To-Vorrow Matinee
Pixley and Luder's Merry Musical Comedy
liTe Burgomaster
SEATS NOW SELUH6.
ALCAZAR-'ra"
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY NIGHT,
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY.
Ev's 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. and Sat. 25c to 50c
FAREWELL PERFORMANCES OF
WHITE | With me Alcazar StocK Co |
WHITTLb&EY
In Dumas' Masterpiece.
CAMILLE
MR. WHITTLESEY AS ARMAND DCVAL.
NEXT MONDAY — New Alcazar Stock Co. Jn
"LORD AND LADY ALGY."
First Appearance of Lillian Lawrence, John
Craig and Elizabeth Woodson.
Market Street, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Mammoth Production of the Scenic
Sensational Drama.
DEALERS IN
WHITE WOMEN
DDirPC Evenings 10c to 60c
rlVlCLJ Matinee* ! 10c. 15c 25c
Special Farewell Engagement of EUGENIE
THAIS LAWSON In Rider Haggard's Master-
ful Drama. "SHE." *
LYRIC HALL
' LAST EYERTMAI MATINEE TO-DAY AT 3
tAST 5IOHT
THE BEN GREET PLAYERS
EVERYMAN
The Original London Company and Production.
Reserved Seats— $1 50, $1 and 73c.
MCYT U'EEV Mon.. Tues. and Wed. Er«.
nCAl W ECE wed. and Sat. Matinee.
MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING.
Thurs.. Fri., Sat. Evs.; Special Fri. Matinee.
TWELFTH NIGHT.
Seats on gale at Sherman. Clay A Co.'s.
— — . , »— — ¦—
MISCELLANEOUS AMPSEMEXTS.
Josef Hofmann
THE GREAT P1AJHST
ALHAMBRA THEATER
Last Concert This Afternoon *T 3O .
| Seats $2. (1 50. |1. 75c at Sherman. Clay * Co.'*,
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
WED. THURS.. FRIDAT 3:30 P. M.
SATURDAY 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
Ladles Free Thursday and Friday.
¦ Advance Sal* of Seats at S Stockton S tract.
n ADVERTISEMENTS. T -"
The ideal time to go East
is during the Indian Summer.
Union-Southern
Pacific
Very low round trip rates to all points. Choice of
routes returning.
To CHICAGO and return. $72.50 via. St. Louis
To ST. LOUIS and return, $67.50 direct
SALE DATES:
October 3, 4, 5, 6, 19, 20, 26, 27.
Let me arrange all your trip for you. %
Write or call %
S. T. BOOTS, O«a. A.*!- V. 9. S. »„
1 Jffontf om«xr 8t.,
1 .. 4 . Or Any Southern Fadflo Af tnt.
PJ'i
:| — — =OF — — ij I
First Installment "The Grafters." j |
(A powerful political story.) ! H
; By Francis Lynde. v !; |
"Leaves for Bookworms." | i
I By Robert W. Ritchie. i |
j "Adventures of Reuben." j 1
j By Edward W. Townsend. j; |
; "On Being Introduced." i §
; By Jerome K. Jerome. : g
I "Nat's Monkey." \ |
j By Frank T. Bullen. I 1
jj "The Third Person." \ 1
; By Keith Gordon. : H
"A Batch of Love Letters." |
!; (The Case of Wall Versus Montgomery.) ~ : "•
j; By W. Pett Ridge. |j
! "The Return of the High Shoulder \
! Puff." i
> By Augusta Prescott. ( /
"The Jljax of Sophocles." \
\ By Madge Moore. !
|i "Mrs. Crusoe's Woes." \
'¦ By George Winthrop. \[
i "The Madness of Clothes." :
; By Marie Corelli :
"Physical Culture at Home." i
| By Prof. Geo. S. Miehling. |
i "Flying Machine That Flies." :
| | "What Women Want to Know." I
\ By Madge Moore. '
\ | "The Newspaper Artists' Exhibit" j:
i Puzzle Page for the Children. i
'. Also j;
t "Mr. Booley," j;
j Davenport's Cartoons ij
» ;| And the ;
; Handsome Jirt Supplement, |i
"Ji St Bernard On Guard." \
\ Price - - 5c Per Copy
I On Sunday, October 30, 1904, |
; The Call will add a fine Comic Sup- |
; plement to its many other excellent :
; features, making it one of the strongest :
:; and most desirable papers in the !
j United States. :
;
ADVKRTISEMEXTS.
The
Chocolate Girl
TELLS THE STORY
TRADE HARK
You will find her on every genuine
package of
BAKER'S
Breakfast Cocoa
THE FINEST IN THE WORLD
41 HIGHEST AWARDS
I JL in Europe and America
Walter Baker & Co. Ltd.
Established 1780 DORCHESTER, MASS.
¦ PARKER'S II
, I Balsam
I ; Promotes the growth of the hair and i
! ; g-lrea It the lustre and sUklness of youth. ;
! ' When the balr Is gray or faded ft '
; ; BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL. COLOR. '>
\ I It prevents Dandruff and hair falling !
1 ] and keeps the scalp clean and healthy. \
fpAOTcgci CCHB SICK HEADACHE.
UAHItno .
IflgliTTUE Genuine Must Bear
9IVER Fac-Simile Signature
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
rSSSK AKS SAX.T MEATS. ~
I AC kflVK k fit Shipping: Butchen, 103
JAS. DUIEJ tt VV. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
LEAST ROOFS AND SKTUORTS.
AU kinds repaired. Globe Shest Metal Works,
' 11TU-117S Mission tx. Phone Main 5461.
— — — _
LUBRICATINO OILS: LEONARD A ELLIS.
418 Front at.. S. F. Phono Main 1719.
PRINTING.
EC HHIIfiFC - PRINTER,
. V. lllll UC3, on Sanqpme «W 8. F.
ADVERTlSOtBjTS.
To Introduce This New Im-
ported Fireproof China
Cooking Ware
20% Discount
"BROWN WARE"
This ware will not crack
or craze if used according to .
directions. Chicken Dishes,
Baking Dishes. Pudding
Dishes — the most perfect
cooking utensils made.
NatjanDohrmannft
>- J
OOaYEY.STRONG ficCO.^gg^ ;
HA, LNIb J
330 MARKET ST. SI. ygjX
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
CJU9 KEAB9TT ST. Established
In IS34 (or the treatments I'rlvat*
Diseaset. Lent Manhood. Debtlltr or
<1!»*M» rearing on body and mind and
Slctn Dti»>&ses. The Doctor cnre« wli en
others fall. Try htm. Charge* low.
i«rr>[a*r»nlrrd. Call or write.
X>r. J. r. «»BOM, gsa Fm>;tseo. CaL
, AMUSEMENTS.
INGLESIDE
COURSING_ PARK.
Every
SATURDAY
and
! SUNDAY.
Counts* win- begin at 11 o'clock ibarp aad
•cr.tlaa* until th« last wlaalag flag to*» np-
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
AU Mission- st. can transfer to Ooanwo
can. wfctch go direct to Use park.
JOHN ORACB. Judr*.
EDWARD &HORTBTAO. gtppf.
OPER^f 1V©U HOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY
LAST TWO NIGHTS
THE SERENADE
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
FIRST PRODUCTION IN AMERICA
Of the Great German Comic Opera 8ucce«a,
DER RASTELBINDER
<The Mousetrap Peddler.)
SAME PRICES 23c. 50c. 73c
tf*f!l IIMBIA sw FRuasars
VULiUIVlSsIM LEADL1G THEA.3
MATCHES TO-DAT.
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
ffil FRANK
Sf DANIELS
IV w he OFFICE BOY
Oct. 17— "SAN TOT."
Santa at tb* Alhambra. besr. Son.. Oct. 18
¦ H. W. BISHOP. Lrseee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT AND MATINEE TO-DAT.
LAST TIMES of the Clever American Comedy.
"THE HENRIETTA"
Commencing SUNDAY (TO-MORROW) NIGHT
By special arrangement with
Messrs. KLAW ft ERLAN'GER.
OLIVER MOROSCO offers for th« first tim* in
this city the Suhllme anri Spectacular
Drama of the Orient,
A JAPANESE NIGHTINGALE.
Positively No Chang* in Price*.
A GENUINE HIT.
A CLEAN. MERRY BURLESQtnC.
DOWNTHELINE
BY HOWARD JACOTT.
The best production of the year.
Mora novelties than any ten lormer offerings.
The unrivaled Cast aad Chora*.
Three beautiful acts Oiled with great •pecialtlea.
Don't miss "Fischer's Minstrel Maids."
KIshts 25c. 60c and 73c.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees 23c and SOo.
Children at Matinees. 10c aad 23c.
Next. "DILLY DALLT."
JAMES AND BONNIE FARLEY
?ad ft Splendid Show ETtry Aftaraooa
and Erasing 1 in ta« Tna&tar.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
XXHXATOTU! ELECTKIC RAIUtOAU.
SEVEN BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
PXXS1CATXO EUCTXIC 7OTOTAX*
DXS7Z.AT TO-SnOHT.
ADMISSION 10c ! CHILDREN So
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
raiaiv gce
j COURT Lounging
aflfl room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, th-
.C— - 4 PALM ROOM, the
UnillU LOUIS XV PAR.
vii uuu LOR. and the LA-
I Hotels lol«. WRmNQAutomobile watering carts are used
in Paris.
The Sultan of Turkey aims to out
- lire all his predecessors.
BARS WAY TO HOME.— A. spite fence fti
the cause of an Injunction <>uit filed yesterday
by L. Valentlnl against Michael and Margaret
Brady. Ke eaya that they are building a bar
rier across the right of way he hae used for
three years to get to ana from his home at
124 Alta street, which he has owned for thirty
yeare. He alleges that they threaten personal
violence to any one Interfering with, the fence
*nd the court la asked for relief. ' '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 7.
The Sandfcrd Glee and Mandolin
clubs will make an extended tour of
Southern California during the Christ
mas holidays, giving concerts at all the
principal cities.
Glee Club to Go South.
Reserve Stake— Frisky Boy. Don Pedro, Lux
ury Old Ironsides. Story's Sister. Butte City.
\gitator, Piccadilly. Mabel S, Helen Hayes.
Belfast. Wedcewood. Commercial Traveler,
Checkers* Annie Ryne. Dear Gaston. Miss
Lucille. Real Duches?. Polka Dot. Frank Dunn,
Lady Menlo, Glaucus. Icellus. Vina,
Class Stake — Smiler. Reckless Acrobat, Mel
linwood. Full Moon. Younr Fearless, Valtey
Pride. Sacramento Boy, Fair Tralee, Vandal,
.PrometbetUh Clover Blossom. Imperious.
week will be limited to one day. Two
stakes will be run In their entirety to
morrow. The likely winners: ;
Two or three teams left the Lacrosse
league during the present season, but
it is believed that a strong organiza
tion will be formed next year, , as the
games played during 1904 have done
much to increase public interest. The
California Lacrosse Association offi
cers are: W. Blackwell, president; J.
D. Robertson, treasurer; F. H. Lynch,
secretary: Max Rosenfeld, R. r.
l'Hommedieu, M. J. Tansey, P. Lyons,
F. Burden and J. J. Brennan, mem
bers of the executive committee.
Lacrosse Association.
Want Physician's Evidence.
Upon application of the attorneys for
the executors of the will of Bertha M.
Dolbeer, Judge Coffey yesterday or
dered commissions to issue for the
taking of the depositions in New York
of Dr. Homer Gibney. Dr. George A.
Taylor find C. H. Wilson. The com
mission was issued to Robert P. Lee.
who on October 13 will also take the
depositions of the several New York
witnesses named by contestant Adolph
Schander.
The Supreme Court has reversed
the Superior Court Judgment which
awarded damages to Marian G. Green
In compensation for injuries suffered
by her in being thrown from a buggy
at the corner of Eddy and Franklin
streets four years ago. The horse ran
into some building material left In tha
street by contractors. She alleged
that A. C. Soule was responsible, but
the Supreme Court finds he may not
have been . the guilty person.
Marian Green Loses Contest.
On C. TV. Clark's polo field at San
Mateo. at 2:30 p. m. to-morrow, the
ball will he faced In the last lacrosse
match of the season. The opposing
teams will be the San Mateo and the
Olympic Club. At the last meeting be
tween, these teams, about three weeks
ago, the Olympic representatives won
six goals to three. The Olympic Club
team in to-morrow's match will con
sist of Jones, goal: Dunn, point; De
Villiers, coverpoint; McQuade, first de
fense: Petersen. second defense; Crilly,
third defense; Chambers, center: Tay
lor, third home; Judge, second home;
Darragh. first home: Scanlon. outside;
Strang, inside; Mountz and Delcescaux,
spares; C. H. Minto, captain; R. R.
l'Hommedieu, referee; Blackwell,
timekeeper.
For some time the San Francisco
Lacrosse Club has been endeavoring
to arrange a match between the play
ers of this* city and of Los Angeles,
but it Is not likely the match will come
off. The Los Angeles placers demand
ed a guarantee of their traveling and
hotel expenses and a share of the gate
receipts. The San Francisco club is
unable to accede to these terms. The
lacrosse championship of the State is
thus left in doubt. The San Francisco
team won a clear victory over the San
Mateo twelve, and the San Mateo team
beat the Los Angeles players in their
own city. A series of matches between
the San Francisco and Los Angeles
teams would have been Interesting,
and it is to be regretted it could not
be arranged.
San Mateo and Olympic Teams Ready
to Line Up for a Fare
well Contest.
FINAL LACROSSE MATCH
WILL BE PLAYED SUNDAY
The coursing parks are experiencing
considerable 'difficulty in securing
hares. Owing to the early season there
is an abundance of green feed in the
San Joaquin and the hares have taken
to- tho foothills. With a severe winter
these conditions will prevail for some
time.
The latest advices from the East
are to the effect that the American
Waterloo will be run at the meeting
which opens at Friend, Neb., on the
ISth instant. This will continue four
weeks. The Mississippi Valley Futur
ity will be the big event of the meet
ing. The Burke Cup stake and the
American Derby, for puppies, will also
be run. Only $300 will be added to
the Waterloo Cup, so it will be more
for the honor than for the value that
owners will send their hounds.
It is expected Ed Neeves, who spent
some time on this coast, will act as
judge.
James Sweeney will attend the meet
ing-. He will have in his string Rocker
Arm, Rocked Asleep, Richard Anton
and McVey.
P. M. Clarkson, who died "on
Wednesday, was prominently identified
with coursing. He was a member of
the California Coursing Committee
and owned some good greyhounds at
different times..
An attractive class stake with twen
ty-four entries and a reserve event
with forty-eight contenders will pro
vide the card to-morrow at Union
Coursing Park. The likely winners
Icok to be:
Class Etake— Tillle R, The Referee. Trale*
Lass, Frisky Barbara, Friendless Boy Little
Plunder. Trale« Maid. Frisco Lad. Pomona
Gambit. Duhallow. Belle Free.
Reserve stake — Golden Garter. Little Mercy
Medley, Koyal Spirit. Luxury. Ml Amigo Jlg
amaroo. MIfs Brummel. Aurella, Shadow, Rose
of Gold, Wild Norah, Apple Blossom Real
Pasha, Angus CIssus, _ Bob R. Snapper Garri
son. False Alarm, Ready Address, La Rosa
lone Hill, Prompto, Rocked Asleep, Conroy.
The coursing at Injjleside ; Park this
One of the best signs of the solid
foundation upon which the strain of
California greyhounds is founded is
the number of good young hounds
which have come out this year. While
there is no phenomenal performer like
For Freedom, Palo *Alto or Pocatelli
among them the average class is high.
G. Lacy Crawfbrd, the millionaire
sportsman of St. Louis, has a promis
ing pair in Tom Hooker and Agile
Spurt, both of which have won tiere
recently.
Though tho cricket championship of
1904 was won last Sunday by the San
Francisco County Club, one or two
more matches will be played before the
season is brought to a close. To
morrow, on the ground at Webster
street, Alameda, there will be a rally
of veteran cricketers. Henry Ward of
the Alameda Club and Taliesin Evans
of the San Francisco County Club will ;
select teams on the field.
The veterans from whom the sides
will be picked are J. Addison, A. E.
Acklom, A. E. Aitken, S. T. Britten. C.
Banner, Captain lllack, H. E.' Boulton.
J. ti; Bird, II. .W. Brown, Henry Dixon,
A. Dickenson, Taliesin Evans, J.
Fisher, Captain 'Hall, James Lowe,
Norman Logan, J. I.I. McLean, Captain
Metcalfe, J. H. Harbour, C. W. Irish.
It. J. Mould, Arthur Price, R. Jones.
W. h. McNaughtpiv H- F - Pepys,- J. S.
Purdy, W. Reeves. Joseph W. Roberts,
T. Smith. J. II. Spicp; J. Shepard, EJ G.
Sloman. W. 11. Stewart, J. H. Saunders,
J. J. Theobald, T. J. A. Tiedemann.
Captain Wilding, Dr. Wardlaw," Henry
Ward and George Wiseman.
The members of both teams playing
for the championship last Sunday must
have been nervous, for the first nine
men of tho Alameda eleven scored only
27 runs in all, anil, though Harold Ward
added 2S runs off his own bat, he should
have beon given out by the umpire for
Obstructing a fielder. When tho score
had reached 45 runs the Alameda cap
tain bumped into K. J. Stratton, who
was in the act of catching the ball.
Of tho San Francisco team nine
scored only a dozen runs, the whole
score being mado by Captain Richard
son (C5) and E. J. Stratton (29). Henry
Roberts bowled well for San Francisco,
capturing seven Alameda wickets for 33
runs. Roberts has bowled conslstently
wcll throughout the'season, and, though
Davies has a rather better average,
Roberts has captured far more wickets.
The standing of the clubs for the
championship of 190t is shown in the
table-:
Championship of California Cricket Associa
tion. 11)04: .
Matches.
•3 2 r c t
'. • 1 <n
San Francisco County 112 7 4 JIC2.5O
Alameda 112 0 4 2 M.33
Pacific ... . : \ 112 471 37.T.0
Santa Cruz ..j 6| 2j 4) C» J3.S3
Veteran Cricketers to Wield
Willows in a Match Kemi
nisceht of Schoolboy Days
Young- Coursers Shown This
Season in the Big Stakes
Have a Lot of Quality
HOUNDS OF CLASS
ARE COMING OUT
ANTIQUE STYLE
ON THE FIELD
STANFORD'S FOOTBALL COACH AND HER CAPTAIN. TOGETHER WITH
SOME OK THE PLAYERS WHO AUK EXl'ECTKD TO DISTINGUISH
THEMSELVES ON THE FIELD DURING THE SEASON.
The fine of $25 Imposed upon Poly
technic will undoubtedly have a ten
dency to make the teams live up to
the rules and be less Independent.
Stringent measures are needed and
that they will be resorted to was
proved at the committee meeting.
Lick and Polytechnic are undoubt
edly the best high school teams In the
city and that they are evenly matched
was demonstrated when they met two
weeks ago. Neither side scored and
neither had a perceptible advantage.
The game must be played off not lat
er than the 15 th Inst. It Is needless
to say that coaches and players will
do their utmost next week to put ths
strongest team possible In the field.
When these two teams coma together
probably the best academic game ever
played in the city will result. Neither
team has lost a game. Polytechnic
was scored against by Mission, but
won easily.
Lowell has lost twice and Mission
and "Wilmerdlng have withdrawn, so
that the game between Lick and Poly
technic will decide the local suprem
acy. Mission, although beaten only
once and then not badly beaten,
either, got enough and would not play
Lick during the week. The default
ing team should have been fined for
not sending word beforehand of the
Intention not to play.
Sensational Game expected When
These High School Elevens Meet.
The football atmosphere of the
Academic Athletic League has been
cleared and from now on there will
be less squabbling and more playing.
Lick's protest against Polytechnic was
not sustained and these two teams
will have to play off their tie game.
Lick will appeal, but in the meantime
the game will be played and the ques
tion of supremacy between them set
tled. The same thing happened last
year. Polytechnic protested Lick and
In the meantime played and lost to
the latter school. Subsequently tha
protest was sustained and Polytechnic,
although beaten decisively by Lick,
was declared champlan of the sub
league.
Polytechnic played Berkeley High
in the finals and was beaten. Tha
score was close and many figured that
Lick would have beaten Berkeley.
One thing was proved last year, and
that was that the best team did not
win. The rivalry between the city
teams is even more keen than that
between the teams from different
sides of the bay.
IJCK TO PLAY POLYTECHNIC.
The rumors that some men were
breaking training have subsided, and
with the close watch that is being kept
by the coaches little further trouble of
that variety may be expected. The in
juries suffered by the men thus far
have been slight, which goes to show
that their condition on the whole is
good. After to-morrow comparisons can
be made with the team that supports
the cardinal, and coaches and prognos
ticators will find their way a trifle
lighter. ; .?
Competition for nearly every place Is
keen, and that Is bound to raise the
standard of the team. Practice has
been going on regularly all the week.
Every aspirant with any kind of abil
ity is getting a show, and the line-up
for the supreme struggle will consist
of the eleven best men.
The men are getting plenty of falling
on the ball, catching punts, stopping
line and end plays and breaking inter
ference. Every day there are large
crowds of spectators, and none of the
men are allowed to forget that they are
working for California. During the
week the men who are most likely can
didates have been sent to quarters and
the training table, where they will get
all the care a good athlete needs.
BERKELEY, Oct. 7.— The football
players and enthusiasts of the Univer
sity of California are looking forward
with a great deal of interest to to-mor
row's game between the varsity and the
Olympic team. The eleven from the
club across the bay felt sure of winning
the contest scheduled to take place Sep
tember 24, and would surely have put
up a warm fight if the game had not
been called off. California will be much
stronger to-morrow than she was two
weeks ago, and if the visitors win they
will earn their victory well. The ground
will be wet on account of the rain, and
a considerable amount of fumbling may
be expected.
Last Saturday's game with the Sher
man Indians has raised the spirits of
every one who hopes that the blue and
gold will carry off the championship
this year. The varsity played admira
bly, and if the squad can continue im
proving as fast for the next five weeks
as It has for the last three Stanford
will have a run for its money. In spite
of the fact that several of the best men
of last year are not playing this season,
there are some new boys who are likely
to perform wonders before the last
game is over.
Sperry stands a chance of becoming
a splendid back. He has the strength,
bulk and speed which go to make up a
crackajack. Mead is another man who
will help make the scores look big.
Stern and Force are doing finely In the
line, and from present indications they
wlll not be so easy for Stanford as some
of the center men were last year. Oliver
is good for one end and Howard for the
other, although Caminetti or Henry
may crowd one of them out. Heltmul
ler is, of course, a tower of strength.
Gray is doing well at guard, and White
and Lassater have good chances to
start in the big game if they keep at
work.
The work of the freshmen through
out the season has been disappointing.
Coming out with the largest squarl that
has ever represented an entering class,
great things were expected, but little
has been materialized. The line, sup
posed to be the strongest, has shown
itself pitiably weak. The Belmont
halves sifted through it in the last
game at will. The backs were also
furnishing a poor exhibition of foot
ball, and, barring: one or two brilliont
individual plays, their work was a dis
appointment to the coaches.
With one more week's steady prac
tice. Coach Hauverman may be able
to put on the touches that are needed,
and on the final day send a strong
team on the field. Coach Lahagan did
the same thing last year and took
California by surprise. Freshman
games are all a gamble, the team that
gets the first jump generally winning
out, even though it be tho weaker. The
addition of Horton and Tomasini, the
two big tackles who have been play
ing on the varsity squad all season,
to the freshman line will add greatly
to the young team's strength, and will
give the men a new feeling of ag
gressiveness. The b.ocks will so
through strenuous signal practice all
week, and they should round into shape
in time for the game.
The varsity has been unfortunate this
week In the number of men injured,
and many substitutes have been play-
Ing on the big team. Weller, Chalmers
and Brennan, the three backs, have all
been laid up at different times. West
and Hyde have water on the knee,
and the other players are sore from
the hard training. The Olympic game
was a bad one, and the men have not
all recovered from the effects of it. Be
cause of this Coach Lanagan has spent
the week at signal practice and in de
veloping fast team play. He has only
permitted one scrimmage game.
The absence of Hyde at center has
necessitated a change in the line-up of
the first eleven. Shields, last year's,
tackle and one of the shiftiest men on
the team, has been moved from the
right tackle's position, and wiil pass
the ball from center. Tomasini, the
freshman player, is filling Shields'
place. This change should benefit tho
team, as it adds a strong player to the
center, the place which has been the
weakest.
"Savage" Dole will return to the
game. The followers, of college football
received the news from Coach Lanagan
yesterday. Dole is one of the best
half-backs the Stanford squad has
ever. had. He is not a spectacular
player, but he is wonderfully consist
ent, equally good on blocking '¦¦¦ up a
play or running with the ball. He is
a first-class punter, and his presence
In the line-up will add strength to
the team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 7.—
With the intercollegiate freshman
game with the University of California
only one week off, all the attention of
the cardinal supporters has been cen
tered on the'work of the Stanford baby
team. The fast work against Oakland
two weeks ago encouraged the coaches
and started a feelins of confidence
among the members of the young squad.
The tie contest with Belmont school,
when the "prep" boys both outplayed
and outgeneraled tne collegians,
showed' that any feeling of confidence
was sadly misplaced, and that the out
look for an intercollegiate victory was
far from bright.
Meeting of the Olympic and
California Elevens To-Day
Should Prove Exciting
Cardinal Enthusiasts Are
Not Satisfied With Work
' of This Years Baby Team
FRESHMEN ELEVEN
NEEDS COACHING
INTEREST SHOWN
IN COMING GAME
In the upper section of the top half
Baker is expected to win out. Mac-
Gavin is conceded the- other place in
this half. In the upper part of the bot
tom half there are three men who have
about an equal chance. They are Whit
ney, Murdock and Smith. The latter
Seets the winner of the Whitney-Mur
»ck match and the winner goes Into
the semi-finals.
A new tournament committee has
been appointed at the California Club,
and in future there will be more tour
naments. The committee is composed
of Drummond MacGavin, C. J. Smith
and Dr. Lovegrove. They will meet
early next week and will arrange a
schedule for the winter months. Aside
from the handicap doubles tourna
ments for the Directors' cups, there will
be class, handicap and scratch events.
Many of the old-time players of the
club have again become members and
will figure in the tournaments.
In the lower section of the lower half
the best man seems to be Noble. He is
not a first-class player, but is expected
to win from Hotchkiss.
The best match of the day will be
that between Whitney and Murdock.
Whitney is playing in his old-time form
and Murdock will find him harder to
beat than when they met at San Ra
fael.
The Baker-Griffin match will be an
other interesting one. Griffin disposed
of Baker's younger brother last Sun
day quite handily. Baker was also in
fine fettle, as his match with Allen
proved. If Baker can play as well as
he did last Sunday Griffin can hardly
beat him.
Play in the first annual. tennis tour
nament for the championship of the
bay counties will be resumed to-mor
row on the r>ark courts. Owing to the
numerous defaults and. the fact that
the committee had about six courts at
its disposal the first and nearly all of
the second round was completed. When
play is over for the day to-morrow It
is expected there will be but eight of
the sixty-four players left in the com
petition.
From now on the best players will
come together and the matches will be
better than they were last Sunday. In
the third round Percy Murdock and
R. N. Whitney will meet, as will George
Baker and Clarence Griffin. In this
round Drummond MacGavin will play
George Janes. Despite the fact that
the latter beat Will Collier last Sunday
he Is not conceded a chance against
the coast champion. Grant Smith and
Herbert Long, the clever young player
from the California Club, will probably
meet in the third round. Long has two
sets love on Hotchklss and is expected
to win his match. Long always makes
a good showing against Smith in prac
tice.
Exciting- Matches in the
Bay Counties Tennis Cham
pionship for To-Morrow
TOURNAMENT PLAY
TO BE RESUMED
Closing days are approaching: rapid
ly. The San Francisco Club will take
its closing cruise on Sunday, the 23d
inst., while the Corinthian and Cali
fornia clubs have their last cruises of
the season set for Sunday, the 30th.
Last Saturday night several yachts
of the Corinthian fleet cruised over to
Sausallto and dropped anchor there,
among them being Commodore T. Jen
nings' sloop Speedwell, the sloops NIx
le, Genesta, Aeolus. Edna, Emma and
Phoenicia. The yawl Emerald anchored
off Angel Island. During the evening
the yachtsmen went up to the bis hall
of the clubhouse, where Commodore
Jennings and Clarence "Ward sans so
los, Vice Commodore J. C. Brickell, F.
E. Schober, J. Briggs and "Bunty"
Short performing various stunts. On
Sunday the fleet, augmented by the
schooner Lady Ada, the yawl Frolic and
the sloops Neptune and Mischief,
cruised in the channel- The following
San Francisco yachts were under way
last Sunday: The flagship Challenger,
the sloops Minnetonka, Sappho, Ariel,
Curlew, Annie, Surprise and Thetis, the
schooners Chispa and Challenge, and
the yawls Royal and "Wave. The wind
was light off Sausallto, the yachts not
being able to get under way until 2:30
o'clock p. m. Off the San Francisco
water front^ there was a moderate
breeze.
As the power boat regatta set down
for to-morrow, on the programme of
the San Francisco Yacht Club will not
take place, to-day and Sunday are
open dates for the members. On Sat
urday, the 15th inst.. tTie fleet of tha
California Yacht Club will cruise over
to Sausallto and drop anchor there for
the night. On Sunday, the 16th Inst..
the combined fleets or the San Fran
cisco and California clubs will cruise
outside the heads.
The Corinthian fleet will cruise to
Paradise Cove to-nlgnt. where the
chowder will be served on shore. To
morrow a regatta for small sailboats
will be held over a course off Paradise
Cove.
Work on the new trotting track and
fair grounds at Santa Cruz began this
week. The track will be a regulation
mile and an effort is being made to
have the State fair held there in 1905.
There is no doubt but what popular
sentiment is against the use of hopples
and a close observer can plainly see
that this sentiment is steadily grow
ing. The only thing, seemingly, that
stands in the way at the present time
is how to accomplish the change with
the least injury to the owner of the
present hoppled horse. Several plans
have been suggested. Among the latest
and. it would seem, best, to the notion
of many, is one emanating from Secre
tary Knight of the American Trotting
Association, for it appears to be prac
tical in every way. His plan is to in
corporate in the rules a mandatory
provision that no horse can start in a
race In hopples excepting those that
have acquired a record while ¦wearing
the "Indiana pajamas." They would
have the effect of immediately putting
a stop to the training of horses with
the pajamas while green and at the
fame time allow those who now wear
them to still use them. This would
also bring: the change and complete the
abolishment of their use without harm
to any person. As one writer says, re
garding this plan: "There would, of
course, arise a question of the handicap
that the unsteady, unhoppled ones
would have against the old hoppled
campaigners, yet this would not be any
greater. In fact would be much less,
than the other plan of setting some
certain date, say, two years hence,
when hopples would be barred alto
gether, which would practically end the
racing career of many of the horses
that now race with their legs tied. Al
together, Knight's plan Is worthy of
consideration and discussion with a
view to having a proper adjustment of
the question when the turf congresses
meet this falL"
It looks as if the 57000 Pacific Breed
ers' Futurity for foals of mares bred
this year will break all previous rec
ords Tor this stake, of which this will
be the fifth renewal. It does not close
for nomination of mares unjil next Sat
urday, October 15, but Secretary Kel
ley of the Breeders' Association has al
rrady received more than eighty en
tries. Last year one week before the
date of closing of stake No. 4 about half
this number had been received, yet the
stake received 403 entries. It is ex
pected the number will reach 500 this
year.
Monroe Salisbury has sent word to
the Pleasanton track management that
he will need forty stalls during the
tiaining season this winter, which
means his string will be larger than
that of last year. The "king maker"
will reach Pleasanton within a week
or two after the Memphis meeting
closes. The horses under his charge,
the majority of which are owned by
James Butler of New York, have won
close to $1*0,000 on the Grand Circuit
this year, and his is the largest money
winning stable.
One of the greatest trotters on the
Grand Circuit in years is the handsome
big gelding Aristo (2:08^), which won
the Occident and Stanford stakes at
Sacramento In 1902. One of his front
legs was severely injured early in the
season, and in all his races it looked
about twice its normal size. He started
in seven races, of which he won two,
was second four times and unplaced
once. As he met Sweet Marie (2:05),
Tivcrton (2:04^) and all the best ones
out this year his showing was remark
able. Ed Geers says he is the grandest
trotter he ever saw. Aristo's winnings
amount to 57175 to date. He was sired
by Nushagak, a son of Sable Wilkes,
and was bred by Alexander Brown of
Walnut Grove, Sacramento County,
who sold him to James Butler of New
York last May for 510,000.
The Woodland racetrack, where the
Yolo County district fair has been so
successfully conducted in recent years,
has been gold to Alexander Brown, pro
prietor of the Walnut Grove stock
farn, one of the few extensive trotting
horse breeding farms remaining in the
State. The sale of the property will not
make any change in the holding of the
annual fair there. Mr. Brown will re
move his stallions Xushagak and Prince
Ansel, together with his fine collection
of brood mares, to his new purchase.
Walnut Grove farm was partially un
der water last winter during the over
flow of the Sacramento River, and it
was to secure a place that is high and
dry that he purchased the Woodland
track.
California is to lose another of Its
great stallions. Two years ago an In
diana man raid $23,000 for McKinney
and took him across the mountains, and
now Sidney Dillon, sire of Lou Dillon
tliSS'i). the world's champion trotter,
is to be sold. He has been consigned by
the estate of Henry Pierce to the Old
Glory sale in New York in November,
and will be the star attraction of that
great annual event. Speculations as to
the price he will bring will be numer
ci-s now that this announcement is
made. La?t year the great trotting
stallion Bingen <2:06*«) sold for 532.000,
the largest amount any trotting stal
lion has brought since Stamboul sold
for $11,000. Sidney Dillon will excite
lively bidding, and two or three com
missions from California bidders will be
tent on.
Annual Race of the 3Iosquito
Fleet to Be Held Over
Upper Bay Course Sunday
Engages Forty Stalls at the
Pleasanton Track, Where
lie Will Winter Horses
S3IALL YACHT REGATTA
SALISBURY'S BIG STRING
Lively Bidding Is Expected
When Sire of Lou Dillon
Is Led Into the Ring
Clam Chowder and Delicacies
Will Be Served to Hungry
Tars Upon Beach To-Xight
SIDNEY DILLON
IS TO BE SOLD
IN THE EAST
TIBURON TARS
SAIL ROUND TO
PARADISE COVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. OCTOBER 8. lDui
COLLEGE FOOTBALL ELEVENS INDULGE IN HARD PRACTICE
10The offense of the faithful is not nec
essarily the defense of the faith. • * ' '
City Attorney Renders an Opinion off
Interest to Members of tha
Department.
City Attorney Long yesterday ren
dered an opinion to the effect that any
disabled employe of the Fire Depart
ment is entitled to full salary only on
condition that the disability Is tempo
rary and the result of Injuries racahvad
while in the actual performance of his
duty In the department—
The opinion affects the eases of
John Cannon, a hoseman, who Is suf
fering from cancer of the face, and
William Fitzsimmons, who Is afflicted
with tuberculosis, said to be the result
of a cold contracted from setting wet
at a fire on May 7. 190S. Long ad
vises the Fire Commissioners to apply
the law in consonance with his opin
ion, which is as follows:
Under the charter, as I interpret it. a fire
man Is not entitled to his salary white off
duty unless hi» absence therefrom is occasioned
by a temporary disability "by reason of la
juries received while In the actual perfonn
anc« of bis duty." If the disability la per
manent and the result of such Injuries th*
only relief which he may expect is provided
In the pension provisions . of the charter.
"Whether the disability b*' temporary or per
manent the fireman can have no claim either
to a salary or a pension unless It *u th*
result of Injuries received In the actual per
formance of .his duty
You are therefore advised that, in the ab
sence of a showing that John Cannon ia
suffering f rom . a temporary disability result
ins from injuries received while in the actual
performance of his. duty, he Is not entitled to
his salary. If. on the other hand, a showing
is made that he is suffering; from such ijs>
ability so received hi U eaUtltd ti*r*u.
Queen Alexandra has given orders
that all her linen and tweed gowns
for Cowes week should be of Irish
manufacture.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 7. — Jack
Williams of Philadelphia to-night
knocked out Kid Carter in the third
round of a six-round bout at the Man
hattan Athletic Club. Williams had
Carter on the defensive from the start
to the knockout. Carter was in poor
condition and was unusually slow.
Kid Carter Is Knocked Out.
Ilain Prevents Game.
Owing to rain, the San Francisco-
Oakland baseball was not played
yesterday afternoon at Recreation
3'ark. »
FALLS FROM A HAY LOFT.— John D**rv
of 521 Gough Btreet fell from ahay iot? 1
distance of fifteen feet and sustained a frac
ture of the right arm and dislocation of the
shoulder and possible fracture of the skull H*
was^reated at ttie Central Emergency Hospital
I-Vmtt MalHios for Otts.
Billy Otta, the popular welterweight,
twII be a busy young man during the
next few weeks. He has offers of four
lights, on<* each with Warren Zubrick.
Frank Field, Frank McConnell and
Hube Pmith. Otts Is in training and
expects to win all four contests. They
are to be bold at different places.
A rapid-fire revolver match, wherein
the contestants will be required to fire
five shots within thirty seconds, is in
cluded in the programme of the shoot.
Incidental to the priate shoot there is a
special prize for the best "center made
with either a pistol or a revolver." This
prize is a valuable oil painting,-pre
sented by Theodore Kjftka, the well
known revolver enthusiast.
The next event of importance in the
shooting world is the championship
and prize shoot of the Pacific Indoor
Shooting Club to be held at their gal
lery at 593 Mission street on the nights
of the 13th- and 14th instant. The
matches will be for the indoor rifle,
pistol and revolver championships of
California. Thirty shots will be fired
by each contestant in these matches.
The prize shoot will be a re-entry
affair of three shots for rifle on re
duced German £ing targets and five
shots for pistols and revolvers on the
reduced Standard-American target.
The best two scores will be aggregat
ed to decide winners in the different
classes. '
Pacific Indoor Shooting Club Will Hold
a Championship Meeting
Next Week.
PISTOL AND REVOLVER
EXPERTS WILL COMPETE
President Joseph McTigue of the
San Francisco Driving Association is
authority for the statement that the
light harness meeting at Tanforan race
track this afternoon should furnish the
best racing to sulky that has been seen
here in a decade. As this will be the
closing meet of the season, all owners
with eligible horses have entered and
three good races are to be decided.
The association divided the entries in
to 2:20, 2:30 and 2:35 classes after a
long session, and not a horse will start
but seems to have a chance for first
money.
The names of such equines as Even
Vale, N. L. B., Kitty D, Lady Fal
rose, Erosmond and King V in the
2:20 trot assures that event of a rous
ing contest Racing luck and stamina
fihould enter largely into the final re
sult, for a dash between any two of the
six would be in doubt, as many im
promptu brushes on the speedway
testify. The same condition obtains in
the other races.
Marshall Ben Levy will call starters
in the first heat on the track at 1:30
o'clock and the races will be run off
as rapidly as ci»cumstances will per
mit. Ample car service will be provid
ed via the San Mateo electric line,
which runs directly to the park gates
and all details for the comfort of spec
tators have been attended to. The
latest announcement of the club offi
cials is that die meeting will be held
rain or. shine. . •
\VIIEX DISABLED FIREMEN
MAY DRAW FULTj PAT
HARNESS HOUSES TO RACE
ON TANFORAN TRACK
Smith R- E. L. Tortea
Stott Quarter Isefus
Chalmers U H. R. Mafjee
Trowbridge H. «. L. Payne
Weller . . • Fullback Williams
Xieteree — T. Hamilton. Umpire — Major Col
lins
frame of the season. The Indians were
defeated by the University of Califor
nia a week ago In a close game. Since
then they have been practicing daily
with the determination to take Stan
ford's scalp home with them. The red
skins have been greatly strengthened
by the addition of Williams, who was
fullback on the Carlisle team last year.
Williams is said to be one of the great
est fullbacks in the country and his
presence on the team gives the In
dians a bright outlook for a victory.
The cardinal team is not in the" best
of condition owing to the severe prac
tice of the week. Shields, last year's
tackle, will be tried at center for the
first time, the idea being to strengthen
Stanford's weak center trio. The lineup
of the two teams to-morrow will be:
Stanford Position. Sherman Indians.
Clark L- E - R Boles (ca P l ->
Thompson U T. R j-ftg**"
Van Sickle L. G. R Blacktooth
Shields Center Saundera
Montzlngo R- £• Jf ....Albanez
Tomasinl tt- T. L L.u*o
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 7.—
The varsity football team will line up
against the strong Sherman Indian
eleven to-morrow afternoon for what
bids fair to be the hardest preliminary
A series of "freshie" cheers greeted
the remarks of the speakers and the
crowd said farewell to public practice.
Hereafter steady work will be the
order of the day. The freshman team,
which has been carefully selected, is
said by students of the class to be a
"comer."
showed no signs of the wear and tear
the game developed.
Racing at Kansas Citj\.
KANSAS CTTT, Mo., Oct. T.— Blm Rife*
racinz results:
First race, five and a half farftmp Z+
Londe won. Capttanazo second, Lor«Ka M
third. Time. 1:07%.
Second race, six furlonga — StUnt Water woo.
Durbar second, Eugenia B third. Time. 1:13 \».
Third race, one and a •IxtecnOi milf Byp
pocrates won. Exclamation second. Bran third.
Time. 1:47^.
Fourth race. Swift stakes, consolation—
Crolx d'Or won. Sylvia Talbet second, Vaa
Ness third. Time. 1:06%.
Fifth race, about on* and a quarter wriT.
steeplechase — Mrs. Grannon won, Sahax»-»»i4
second. Kvander third. Ttm«, 2:33H-
Slxth race, one mile — Tryon won. Ttlaphon*
second. Golden Mineral third. Tim*. ls4M4.
l:41&.
Sixth race, Withers mile, selling— Pronta
107. Ed Tierney 106. Reticent 106 Hatchet
106. Daisy Green 105, Sals 104 Locket 104
Schoolmaster 104. Akela 103, Atwood 102 Can'
teen 105. Briarthorpe »9. Garnish 99 Cham
plain 89. Glisten 97. Midshipman 97. Ascetie 95
Second race, about' two and a half miles, the
October steeplechase — Lava tor 162, St. Jude
157, Royelle 154, Zinziber 152, Flying Buttress
148. Cheiro 147, Bonfire 144, Ivan 13&, Neponset
138, Mackey Dwyer 133, Mystic Shriner 133.
(Royelle and Zlnziber, Chamblett entry.)
Third race, Eclipse course, the Nursery han
dicap, $5000 added— Qlorifler 119. Rose of Dawn
117. Jock Lory 114, Belle Strome 11.3, Burnt
Hills 112, Agile 111, Pasadena 108, Von Tromp
308, Dandelion 101. Iota 103, Rosebourne 00.
(Rose of Dawn and Iota, Duryea entry.)
Fourth race, nve and a half furlongs of
Eclipse course, two-year-olds, selling Blue
Coat 104, Sweet Pepper 103, The Claimant 103.
Prestige 100, Priority 10O. Miller's Daughter 09
D'Arkle 98, Thirty-Third 08. Bob Moesom 97 #
Bert Arthur 97. Belknap 97. Supreme Court 96
Critical 94, Calmness 00, Consuelo II 89 Clover
Hampton SO, Delphie 89. Bank 97.
Fifth race, one and three-quarter mile*
over the hill, the Municipal handicap S-ViOO
added— Caughnawaga 126. Shorthose 119 Gun
fire 113, Carbuncle 104, Wire In 100 ''High
Chancellor 99. Outcome 97, The Southerner 96
Ostrich 95.
First race, seven furlongs of Withers mile —
Buckleya 107. Garnish 107. Israelite 107, Crown
Prince 107, Memories 104, Aurumaster 104, Sir
Brillar 92, Heart's Desire S9, Navajo 87.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7. — The $5000
Nursery Handicap for two-year-olds
will be the feature event to-morrow at
Morris Park. Glorifler has the top
weight. The day's entries:
Stanford Varsity to Meet
Crack Sherman Indian Team
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Worth track fol
low:
First race, eix furlongs, selling— Sllvermeade
104. Gigantic 1O», Ghats 104. My Jane 1CH, St.
Paula 100. Julia M 10«. t)od Anderson 106,
Heritage 107 Bernlce 100. Trovator 100. Tris
tan Shandy 10!>, Sparrow Cup 100, Trompeuse
10ft, Dutiful 100, Avenger 112, Alice Commoner
113.
Second race, six furlongs, purse — Harum
Scarum 08. Green Rose US. Halm Tree 101, Cut
ter 10B Sincerity Belle KM, Monte 10«. Lord
Dlxon 100. Allen Avon ION. ««^^
Third race, the Liberty han«licaD. J200O
added ( one and an eighth miles— Huxzah 103.
Konsoiuca 103, Prince Sllverwings 100. Kossil
105. Port Royal 105, Tribe* Hill 10fi, Brancad
107. M!m Crawford 108. Reservation 115, Bad
Fourth" 'race. Bix furlongs, handicap — Mata
dor 88. Rusk ai. Mayor Johnson 08. Nannie
Hodge OS. Mansard 105.
Fifth race one and three-sixteenth miles,
sellinK— Gilfain 92. Sarilla 02. « Rabunta 92.
Malakoff 04, Safety Light 05, Lou Woods 96,
Sioux Chl?f 9B. Little Elkin »7, Horton 100,
Tlv» Way 1C0, Major Mansir Uti.
Sixth race, mile, puree— Sunny Shore 10O.
Carnclian 11)"* Marshalsea 100, Rankin 103,
Sccrtlc 104. Walnamoinen lOt. Burning Glass
112. Glorlcsa.112. Coruscate 112.
WORTH ENTRIES.
Errors — Brashear, Toman. Shefhan (2).
Thomas. Struck out— By Thomas 3, by Baum
2. Bares on balls— By Thomas 1, by Baum 3.
Two-base hits— Lynch, Flood, Cravath Sacri
flc* bits— Doyle, McLaughiin. Ross! First
base on errors — Los Angeles 3, Tacoma 2.
Ftolen bases — Graham. Doyle. Earned runs
Tacoma '1. Left on bases — Tacoma 7 Lob
Angele* 5. Double play* — Toman to Flood to
Brashear, Cravath to Spies, Smith to Brashear.
Time of game — One hour and forty-flve
minutca. Umpire — Tom Brown.
5UMMAKT,
Los Angeles 10000000 0 1
Base hits 10101110 0 — 5
Ta<-otr.a 0 0 0 O 1 1 0 0 x 2
Base hits O2212201 x 10
Tacoma — l Los Angelea —
AB. U. H. P.A.] AB. R. H. P.A.
Doyle.rf . 3 112 0 Bernrd.cf 3 116 0
ehehn.3b 2 0 2 0 1 Flood.llb. 4 0 2 3 1
Casey.2b. 4 0 0 3 1 Smith. lib. 4 0 0 13
l^Kan.ss 4 1 2 5 O.Oravth.rf 4 0 111
Lynch. cf 3 0 .1 5 OUrashr, lb 4 0 0 6 0
McLKiMf 3 0 0 1 0; Toman. ss 4 0 113
Oraham.c 3 0 13 2iRoss.lf.. 2 0 0 11
liogan.lb 3 O O 8 l|Ppies.c. 3 0 0 6 3
Thumas.p 3 0 10 O'Baum.p.. 3 0 0 0 2
Totals 28 2 10 27 10! Total« 31 1 6 24 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
TACOMA, Oct. 7. — Thomas pitched
a splendid game to-day and but for
Sheehan's error in the first would
have shut the visitors out Fast field
ing by the Angels kept Tacoma, from
running up a big score. Bernard, the
first time up, was given Thomas' only
pass, took third on Flood's two-bag
ger and scored when Smith's drive
was jugr&led. After that only two
men reached second. In the seventh
Cravath, the first up, hit for two bases,
but the next three were out. "With
two down, Doyle beat out a bunt in
the first, stole second, scoring on Shee
han's hiL Eagan's single, Lynch's
two-bagger and an out scored the for
mer in the sixth. Three Tacoma play
ers were fielded out at the plate, one
on a great throw from the field by
Cravath. In the eighth Smith made
a splendid stop of JIcLaughlin's hit,
doubling Lynch and retiring the side
with two on the sacks. Eagan, Lynch,
Doyle and Bernard did fine fielding.
Score:
Thomas Pitches Masterly Ball and
Team Mates Lend Their Aid.
ANGEIjS NEARLY SHX7T OCT.
Bj the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Garnish, Sir Brlllar,
Heart's Desire.
Second race — St. Jude, Flying
Buttress, Chamblett entry.
Third race — Glorifler, Rose of
Dawn, Pasadena.
Fourth races — Tliirty-Third, Delphie,
Clover Hampton.
Fifth race^ — Outcome, The South
erner. Ostrich.
Sixth race — Canteen, Garnish, Ed
Tierney.
Condition of the track — Fast.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
First race — Ghats, St. Paula,
Julia 31.
Second race — Allen Avon. Cutter,
Monte.
Third race — Bad News, Reservation,
Miss Crawford.
Fourth race — Mansard, Matador,
Nannie Hodge. '
Fifth nice — Major Mansir, Little
Elkin, Sarilla.
Sixth race — Coruscate, Rankin, Glo
riosa. *
Condition of the track — Slow.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean,
WORTH SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, six furlongs, pan* — Bradaa 108.
Fruit 112. Arlena 00. Argosy 04. (Bradeo and
Argosy. Hayes entry.)
Sixth race, one m!le, purn^ — Cr>mmo<l(jr» 109
Just So 109. Flora Willoughby 103, Th» Regent
102. Lady Strathmor» 102.
Seventh race, seven furlongs, «MllBr— Kbi*
Rose 115. Jake Greenberg 114. Sid Silver lOf,
Laura Hunter 104, Bensonhunt 104, tngol«
thrift 104. Thlsbe 102, R. Q. Smith 10$, Trtbw
10-.*. Atlas 102, Howling Dervtatx 103. Rachel
Ward 07.
Fourth race, one and an eighth mCem, th*
Meramec Handicap, $1500 added — Lubln 112,
Spencerian 107, Jack Yountr 104. Nertrsuch 09
Taby Tosa 96, Footlighta Favorits 92, St. Ag
nes II 82.
Third race, six furlongs, para* — Malstar 1OT
Mafalda 103. Vestry OS. Lasso Q*.
ST. LOUIS, Oct 7.— The entries at
Delmar track to-morrow follow:
First race, six furlongs, pursa — Flyer 10T.
Frank Rice 105, Potter 105. Tangent 108. Bom
bino 102. Peter Young 102. Vineland 103,
Bradley Bill 102, Detest 102. St. Wln!fr«d«
102, Ledabella 97. Radium 9T.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, s»U
ing—Liddon 108, D# Grammont 108, Eacoboaa
105. Annlsquam 105, Paaalv« 106, John Ran
dolph 106. My Eleanor 105, Clara De« 108
Lady Lou 103. Sand Bath 103. A Lady Fair
I'M.. Jack Moran 100.
DELMAR ENTREES.
had passed the wire. Queen Wllkes
was distanced. Newton A >s placed
fourteenth and Jim Ferry id.
In the next heat Newton A took sev
enth position and Jim Ferry finished
fifth. The race was won in two heats
by Patchen Maid. The Questor took
second money, Jim Ferry third and
Euxenite fourth. 'Summary:
The Johnson stake, $2000, 2:24 class, trot
ting, three in five — Lisonjero won three
straight heats in 2:10%. 2:11. 2:12%. Jolly
Bachelor, Bonnie Russell, Getaway, Texas,
Governor MoCauley and Tom Miller Jr. also
started.
2:04 class, pacing, purs« $1500, two In three
— John M won the second and third heats in
2:06 and 2:06. Nathan Strauss won the first
heat in 2:04^. Locanda also started.
2:11 class, trotting, purse $120o, two In three
— Patchen Maid won two straight heats in
2:10}4. 2:09%. The Questor, Jim Ferry,
Euxenito, Van Sandt, Klrkwood Jr., Lady Gail,
Hamilton, Axdelight, Newton, Monroe. Robert,
Aerolite, Cacllne and Queen Wilkes also
started.
2:18 class, pacing, purs« $1000, thre« In five
— Lady May won three straight heats in 2:09%;
2:10%, 2:00%. Kldd, Glad Bells. Mamie
Kinssley, Gordon V, Billy F, Argo Halle and
Foxy Quiller also started.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 7.— Chief in
terest in the circuit races to-day cen
tered in the Johnston stakes, estab
lished in 1887 and worth $2000, for 2:24
trotters. It was won in three straight
heats by Lisonjero, the ruling favorite.
Best time was 2:10%. Jolly Bachelor
took second position in each heat. Third
money went to Bonnie Russell, and
fourth to Getaway.
Excitement was furnished In the first
heat of the 2:11 trot. Fifteen horses
Btarted. At the word Queen Wllkes
broke badly and was left at the wire.
Jim Ferry, the favorite, and Newton A
collided at the eighth pole. Driver An
derson behind Newton A was 'thrown
from his seat. Newton A took the polo
In a dead run, drawing his driverless
sulky, and led the bunch by a length
around the course. At the third quarter
Patchen Maid began to creep up behind
him, finishing under the wire only a
nose behind. Anderson got up unin
jured and stopped Newton A after he
Time, 1:20 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, E. Heffner's br. f. by Rapallo-Fast
Black. Spec. My Mate. Concert. Tobasco. Mar
garet. Alllnda. Destiny, Requiem, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACK — Six furlongs on Withers
maiden fillies, three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
9 to 5— Black Socks, 105 (J.Mrtn) 2 3 2 1 1*4
10 to 1— Arietta, 101 (Sperling)... 5 13 2 2
50 to 1— Step Away,106 (Creamer) 8 8 3 Vi
Lisonjero Takes Rich Stakes
Handily in Straight Heats
FIFTH RACE — Six furlonga on Wlthere
mile; selling; two-year-olda:
Betting. Hor3e, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Consuello II, 88 (Miller) 4 3 3 16
9 to 10— Druid, 100 (Crlmmins). 6 1 Vi 2 1%
16 to S — Monacorder.104 (J.Mrtn) 2 4 2 3 h
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, F. G. Calhoun'a br. t. by Bradwardln-
Miss Pepper. Hlldebrand. Tarpon, Wild Irish
man Miss Karl. Sufferance. Dance Music. Fra
Flllppo. R. L. Johnston, Blackbird. Ike S.
finished as named.
DELM AR SELECTIONS.
First race — Radium, Frank Rice,
Potter.
Second race — Jack Moran, D«
Grammont, Annlsqnam.
Third race — 3Iafahia, Vestry, Lasso.
Fourth race— Footlights Favorite,
Jnck Young. Xerersnch.
Fifth race — Braden, Frnit, Axiena.
Sixth race — Commodore, The Re
gent, Just So.
Seventh race — Jake Greenberg,
Kins Rose, Howling Dervish.
Condition of the track— Fast.
FOURTH RACE — Withers mile; the Dix
ianna; three-year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
11 to 10— Rapid Water.imO'Nell) 2 2^13
11 to 10— Dolly Spanker,123 (Shw) 1 L 1^2 3
12 to 1— Wotan, 115 (Odom) 3 3 h 3 3
Time. 1:39 4-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, J. A. Drake's b. c. by Rapello-Water
Girl. Palrnbearer also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three- year- olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «•« Fin
6 to 1— Bs Caldwell.105 (Mrsn) 9 5 h 1 3Vj
20 to 1— The Way. 105 (Miller). 5 8 8 2 V,
13 to 1— Lonlsville. 07 (Wiley). 6 7 2 3
Time. 1:56. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner J. H. Davenport' s br. g. (6) by Esher-
Lady Caroline Barkelmore 1"7, Royal Pirate
107 W J. Deboe 106. Arab J». Excentral »3,
Leflare'lO2 Sir Hugh 87. finished as named.
O*Hagen 97 fell. Jove 105 left.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; two- year-olda;
purse :
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Kate Zitt. 102 (Foley).. 2 2 3 12
16 to 5 — Free Booter. 112 (Trxlr) 1 3 2 2 4
25 to 1— Peggy Mine. 102 (Foy). 4 5 h 3 3
Time 1:20 1-5 Start bad. Won easily.
Winner, J. C. Rogers' br. f. by Goodrich-Ref-.
erence. Bonnie Prince Charlie 103. Major Out
look 102 Rose Mary Kane 102. finished as
named 'Dixie Lad 105. Float About 109 left.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds;
purs* :
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 6— Edw. Hale. 10S (Hlgsen) 6 12 12
13 to 1— Rlan. 102 (Seamster).. 2 4 1 2 nit
25 to 1 — Royl Arms.102 (Mclntr) 3 9 -> 3
Time, 1:51. Start good. Won easily, din
ner T. Licalzi's b. c. by Falsetto-Miss Rich
mond Serenity 104. False entry 105. Ethel
Scruggs 102. Bery Waddell 102, Myrondale 102.
Armorer 105, finished as named.
Time. 1:10 1-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. S. S. Brown's b. c. by Woolsthorpe-
Grenadine. Voladay. Bulwark, New York,
Gay Boy, Cairngorm, Acefull, finished as
named.
THIRD RACE — Eclipse Course; the Man
hattan Handicap; two-year-olds and upward:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Broadcloth, 08 (Crimns) 2 2 ns 1 %
CO to 1— Race King. 93 (Schollng) 6 1 2 2 h
3 to 2— Castalian. 105 (Burns).. 1 3h 32
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth milea;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 10— Dr Stephens,102 <Smstr) 2 2 h 1 h
30 to 1— Easy Trade. 97 (Foy)...S 3 5 2 .i l j
6 to 1— King of Valley.lOO(Shea) & 4 tt 3 h
Time, 1:50. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. C. E. Water's br. h. (fl) by Octopus-
Ignoramus. Chanterelle 102. Lou Woods MB,
Nlaxus 102. Docile 9ft. Mr. Farnum 102. fin
ished as named.
Bpedal Dispatch to Th© Call.
STA2CI>£NG OF" THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pct-i W. L. Pet
Tacama ..42 25 .62SOakland ..33 35 .4S5
Los Ang.--34 2S .540 'San Fran. .30 37 .443
Seattle ...36 33 . 522 • Portland ..25 42 .373
PORTLAND, Oct. 7. — Umpire Jack
McCarthy chartg-ed his mind about quit
ting the baseball business, and the
score of this afternoon's game — Seattle
7," Portland 3 — was the result of his re
appearance on the diamond. It was a
mighty struggle between Pitchers Hogg
and Hickey until ¦ close decisions j
changed the aspect. Hogg had the Si
washes at his mercy for seven innings,
while the Portlands had three to the
good in the outset.
With one out and two strikes on
Mohler, the "Kid" lifted one to the
right field that netted, him three bases,
and a single brought him home. In the
next inning, on a force, Smith dashed
home, and to avoid being touched by
Stanley leaped over the home plate. He
was called safe. The Siwashes then
opened uj» on Hogg and kept hammer
ing in runs. The score:
Seattle — 1 Portland^ —
AB.R.H. P.A.J AB.R. H. P.A.
"VanH.cf 3 10 4 OjDrnan.cf 4 0 0 2 0
Mchlr.2b 4 12 3 5 McCril.rf 4 12 0 0
Leahy.c 5 0 0 5 B'Xdeau.lf. 3 0 12 1
Frisk,lf . 4 12 10 M«hl.3b 3 110 1
Delhty.Cb 5 0 2 0 1 Hllnd.lb 3 10 7 0
Smlth.rf 5 110 0 Hckfid.2b 3 0 1 5 2
R-Hall a 2 1 1 1 0 Runkle.s 4 0 0 3 3
Xehlg.lb 10 0 1 0 .Stanley.o 2 0 0 8 1
Blkhp.lb S 1 1 11 0 Hogg.p.. 3 0 0 0 1
Hickey.p 410' 15
Totals 29 3 9 27 9
Totals SQ 7 9 27 13
RUNB A>"D HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—3
Basa hlta. 3 0 0 0 110 0 0—6
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 6—7
Bam hits 0 0 0 10 10 2 5—9
BtJlTMAJlT.
Errors — Rankle, Hogg. Earned run — Beattie.
Stolen base — Mohler. First base on called
balls — Off Hogg 3. off Hickey 2. Struck out —
By Hogg 8, by Hickey 5. Three-base hits —
Rockenfleld. Mohler. Left on bases — Portland
4. Seattle 6. Hit by pitched ball— By Hogg 2,
by Hickey 2. First base on error — Seattle.
Double plays — Nadeau to Rockenfleld; Stanley
to Runkle: Mohler to Blankenshlp. Sacrifice
bit— Rockenfleld.
SECOND RACE — Five, and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to- 1— Presentiment. IIS (Prior) 5 Hjll'
12 to 1 — Ravlana, -115 (Danpman) 7 3 4 2 «
15 to 1— Downpatrtck.llS (Mnder)ll 7 S » 2
Time, 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. G. W. Poele'a ch. t. by Octagon-Prov
ident Bradwarlln 115. A. B. Smith 118. Wad
dell II 118. Jolly Witcb 115, Palm Tree IIS.
La Sasltte 115. Lordllng 118. Sly Musette 115,
Yuga 115. Doc Wallace 118. Arc Light IIS.
S. P. Lancaster 115. finished as named.
PIXTH RACE— S!x and a half fnrlongt;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
4 tot— Ben Lear, lift (Wolff) 5 16 12
6 to 1— One More. 105 (J.Onway) 8 4 1 2iu
7 to 1— Flyer. 105 (Lindsey) 4 5 14 3 \
Time, 1:23. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. Schwacker's b. g. (4) by Ben Strotne-
Emma LouUe Mlndon lrv». Tommy Knl«ht
113. Amorous 110, Eleanor Howard 110 Wag«r
106, Caelana 100, Pryor 103, Suara 100, finished
as named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; two- year-olds and
up:
Kitting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fla.
OtoC — Varro. 114 (W.I>u«an).. 113 13
li> to 1 — Courant. S4 (W.Blake)... 4 2h 2U
IS to 1— Judge Cant.. 114 (D.Aust) 2 3 3 3 4
Tim*. l:4SVi. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. G. W. Miller's ch. g. (6) by Pardee-
Julla Magee. Captain Caston 114. Triple Sll
v<-r loo. P^hoove 114, Florl 100. Dr Rlley
1"». Valesquez 114. Louisiana, loo. Harlequin
Hi, The Eye 87, finished aa named
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
old* and up.
Bf tting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fla.
3tol — Commodore. 119 (Young).. 5 12 1*2>4
Even— Ice Water. lu» (D.Austin) 4 23 2^4
6 to 1— The Regent, 103 (W.Dugn) :t 3^31,
Time. 1:14%. Start good. Won 'easily.
Winner. J. C. Mllam & Co.'s ch. c. (3) by
The loramoner-Rosa Masso. Footlights' Fa
vorite 109. Elastic 122. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; two-y«ar-olda:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. * 4 Fin.
7 to 1 — Eduardo, 103 (Young) 8 3 '-, 1 1
11 to 1— liyplay. 89 < McLaughlin).. 2 1 4 2 n«
-5 to 1— Mellwood, W (Dickson).. 1 2 2 3 n»
Time. 1:16^. Start good. Won driving.
\V Inner,- H. Robinson's b. g. by Eddie Jonea-
DudUing. Dameron 101. OlUe Burnett JMi.
Fruit 110. finished as named.
After Being Shut Out for
Seven Bounds They Bally
and Bat in Seven Buns
SIWASHES OPEN
FIRE ON HOGG
SECOND RACE— Mile and teventy yards;
three- year-olda and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Flo,
« to 1 — Drummond, 94 ¦ Cheat am) 6 th IS
2l» to I— Tangible. SM (Ryan) 3 12 2 3
9 to 5— Vestry. 1C5 (W. Dagan).. 1 2 1 3 \%
Time, 1:48. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. H. Fixer & Co.'a ch. m. 45) by For
ester-Alma B. Reglna D 90. Sanctlssima 99,
Lemon Girl 03. Ivernla 102. Wlssendine 80.
Kingatelle 94, Noweta 89, Short Cake 00. fin
ished aa named.
CHICAGO, ' Oct. • 7.— Dr. Stephens,
which was nearly backed off the boards
in the third- race,. -the. feature event at
Worth track to-day," was driven out to
the last • ounce to beat the long shot.
Easy Trade. iiVIth a better boy up the
latter .would no doubt have won. Seam
ster, who rode the winner, put it all
over Foy when the final test came.
Dr. Stephens opened at 9 to 5 and
was gradually pounded to even money,
finally closing at 13 to 10.
Chanterelle; attempted to make a
runaway race of it, having a lead of
five lengths down the back stretch.
Here Dr. Stephens commenced to close
on him and entering the stretch looked
a handy winner. Easy Trade, however,
came with a rush and In a desperate
drive all through the final eighth was
only a short. head behind Dr. Stephens
when the wire was crossed.
The track was deep and holding and
slow time was made in all the events.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; aelling: • _.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey, tit. *i Fin.
2 to 1—J.W. O'Neill. 102 (Nicol) 3 2 1 IS
17 to 10— Benmora. 104 (Morrison) 5 4 2 2 h
21 to 5 — St. Paula.07 Seamster). 2 3 4 3 ¦
Time. 1:19 1-5 Start good. Won easily.
ner, E. Trotter's ch. g. (3) by Peter McCue-
Tern. Maggie Leeber »7, Harney 110. iland>
Lee 97, Cyprienne 87, finished as named.
JOI1X CHESBRO,
Pitcher.
johx Kianxow,
Catcher.
JOHN GAXZELL,
First Base.
JAMES WILIJAMS,
Second Ba>e.
WILLIAM COXKOY,
Third Base.
XOR.MAX ELBERFELD,
Short Stop.
PATRICK DOUGHERTY,
Left Field.
WILLIAM IvEELKR,
Right Field.
JOHN AXDERSOX.
Center Field.
SECOND RACE — Eclipse Course; handicap;
two-year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Candida. Ill (O" Nell)... 4 lh lh
12 to 1 — Watertight. 108 (Burns). 1 5 Vj 2 2
8 to 1— Flyback. 117 (Redfern).. 9 2 % 3 %
Time, 1:11. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. T. L. Pryor's b. f. by Sir Dlxon-Black
Heart. Austin Allen, Derry. Jim Beattie, Car
rie Jones. Jerry C, Fireball, Amberjack, fin
ished as named.
FIRST RACE— Withers mile; selling; thre«
year-olds and upward:
Betting, Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fla.
7 to 10— S.C.Love, 1<>8 (Hildebd) 4 3 111
6 to a— T. Heather. 100 (WDavg) 1 1 2 2 %
10 to 1— Homestead, !>l (Crimm) 2 6 h 3 5
Time. 1 :40 ' 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. G. Stutte'a ch. c. by Goldcrest-
Notre Dame. Court Maiii Allan, Hoodwink,
Gold Dome, Australina, Toi San, finished aa
named.
Sidney C. Love, the favorite in the
opening event, won from Thistle
Heather handily.
The second race furnished a red-hot
finish between Candida and Watertight,
the former winnig by a nose. Summary:
MORRIS PARK, Oct. 7.— Rapid
Water took Dolly Spanker Into camp
easily In the Dixiana stakes to-day at
Westchester. Rapid Water was a slight
favorite. After the race the speculators
wondered why as good as even money
was quoted against him. Dolly.Spank
er had no excuse. Shaw got him away
well and. made the running to the
stretch, where Rapid Water moved up
with ease. Dolly Spanker then stopped
badly. •
The Manhattan handicap, at six fur
longs down the hill, nearly furnished
the biggest kind of a. surprise. Race
King, which went to the post at 60 to 1
and which was at one time at 100 to 1,
raced to the front and led by three
lengths. He held his lead until the last
fifty yards, where Broadcloth, the sec
ond choice, got up in time to beat' the
good. thing a scant length for first
money. Castallan should have been
second, but was badly fouled by Broad
cloth and had to pull up. Burns made
no claim.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSPURG. O<-t. 7. — Pittsburs playod
¦ •..•¦:::¦,-.',.;. ball both uX bat and in Um :. li
»n<1 f^iwily . d-e/eatrd '.Tjicaffi. The same was
c*I>d on account of darkn«?s3. Attendance.
1200 Pcore:
It H. E.
PiUjtori? •» 10 1
Ofcicacu 1 7 2
Batt.eri«*s — Lwvcr and Phelps. Grothe and
K5!ng. T'mpirr- — Kms'i'*.
PHrLAmCLPHIA. Oot. 7. — Boston and
! :.. !¦-..;. • ;;.i:» j.I.-iy«-«i nine innlnes to a tie to
d?..v. The gani<" was railed, owlns to darkness.
Attpndar.r*, .*00. Score:
B. H. E.
Boston 2 2 rt
PbUadelpHa 2 2 5
15i.ft.-rif <— Pittinccr and Moran. Caldwell and
iKioiri. Umpire — Johnston*.
NATIONAL LKAGITK
DETP.OIT. <5ct. 7.— Detroit rlay'-d weak ball
end l<*t both games this afternoon. Attend
im.», 100. Scores:
First game — R. H. E.
JXtrott... 1 9 0
Cleveland .' 8 17 2
Patterles — J. Stovail and Drill. Joss and
Iirnis.
Second came — R. H. E.
I>troi» 0 4 3
Cleveland 9 10 0
TSaturk* — Jaeper and IJcville, Bernhard and
BemJs.
!. CHICAGO, Oct. 7. — St. Louis iron to-day's
par *> by onxjmine hlttlnc ajod tnlcir.g full
*¦¦;:.'.....• of Chicago's errors. Attendance,
750. Score:
R. H. E.
Chlcac» 2 0 4
Be Louis 6 13 1
Batteries — Whlta and Sullivan, Pelty and
Kufccx?.
V.ASHIXOTON, Oct. 7. — Philadelphia and
Viroke ev»n to-d*y. The second
Fame was eaJled by agreement. Attendance,
V*A>. Scores:
First game — R. H. E.
Wa<=bi?ittcn 2 5 3
T'hUadPl^Wa 3 6 2
Kattcriea — Hughes and Clarke, "Waddell and
F'hr^ck.
Second same — R. H. E.
Wsshineton 3 4 1
I'h<!«dolj>B«« 2 « -J
Baruri^u — Patten and Klttr*<5pe, Bender and
Bchif-ck. . «f
AUiJetlres and Senators Break Even,
U ii. li' Cleveland Takes Double
Fall Out of Detroit.
AMERICAN LEAGUJBl
A-B- K. H. IVA-! A_a. K. H. P_A-
StUxiaf 2 1 1 S 0 I>onsh.lf 4 2 2 0 0
Parent * * 1 1 2 4 Kee'.er.rf 3 0 0 0 0
PtiiU. c* S 0 1 0 0 KltxTffi.8 110 8 6
ColInft.Sb 3 0 0 0 1 Willm.2b 4 0 14a
Krwin.r! 4 0 0 10 Acdjo-cf 4 0 2 2 0
La.Clm.lb « 0 1 14 0 GanxUb 3 0 0 13 1
Ferrls^b 4 0 0 0 Sronrv.Sb 4 0 0 14
Oipts-. c S O 0 4 OKlfinw.c 3 0 0 5 1
»lT^:aab 1 O O O O,Cbesbr»,p 4 0 0 0 2
'•il.5on..p SOOOT
-FarreU 1 0 0 0 Oj Totals.SO S 5 27 17
Tota:s-22 2 4 24 IV
Tirsie-i tor Crlrer in tb* ninth.
""Barted Tor Gibson ia tie ninth.
RITN*S BT XXXXNGS.
B.jston 0 O 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 — 2
N*-w Toifc 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 X — 3
SrilMAHT.
Errors— Parect, Collins. Elberfeld. Williams.
Tw-o-base hit? — Dougherty, Anderson. Sacri
t.cr hit— Keeler. Stclea bases— Ke«ler, Parent,
IVjuble T>^V — Williams to Elberfeld to Gen
eel. Left os bavs — N>w Toi* 9. Boston 7.
Ksrst bife ca tails — O.T Cfcesbro 4. off Gibson
A. First base en errors — N»w Torii 2, Boston
2 H;t br pitched ball — By Gibson 1. Struck
<u:— By Cfcesbro 5. by Gibson 2. Passed balls
— Kieinow 1. Criirer 1. Wild pitch — Gibson.
Time of g&zat — 1 hour 45 m'.n-Jtes. Cmpirea —
Fl.iT.aan tad Connelly. Attendance 9503.
?
KT. IX) CIS PLAYERS AIDED
BY CHICAGO'S MANY ERRORS
In the field the local teasi outplayed
the Champions. There was no scor
ins until the third. SeTT>ach was first
up In this tailing. He sent a siizling
User to center field dat caused the
fetr Boston "rooters" to give their
Irngs exercise. In the fifth the local
boys n:ade a luciy ran. Dougherty
lifted a high fly that fell between Par
ent anfl Selbach and had to be scored
as a two-bagger. "BDry" Keeler fol
loirefl this •with a pretty bunt that Col
lins coald not get. This put "Long
Pat" on third- A fe-w moments later
Dougherty tallied on ElberfeJd's long
fly to Freeman.
Dossherty also crossed the plate
e^-atn with Xew York's third and last
run. In the seventh inning he reached
first on as error by La Chance, went
to second -when Gibson allowe-d Elber
felfl to "walk and raced home on Wil
liam's safe tap to left field.
The teams 'left to-night foT Boston,
¦where they play a double header with
ihe Champions to-njorroTr. Score:
Boston — I Xr» York —
NEW YORK, OoL 7.— Before a crowd
of tea thousand excited baseball en
thusiasts Griffith's team defeated Bos
tun this afternoon at American League
Park by a score of S to 2. They took
the lead from the Champions in the
race for the American League pennant.
The victory means thai New York
has more than an even chance to win
the championship, as four more games
remain to be played with Boston. It
was only after the hardest kind of a
battle that the local men won. From
the first inning there was continual
cheerily. After the last Boston man
ws* retired th« "rooters" surged upon
the field and tried t3 surround Chesbro,
the victorious t\rirler. He started on
a sprint for the clubhouse, but he had
not gone far before he was caught and
raised on the shoulders of some of the
lxiFty lunged entnnsiasts. He was car
ried to the clubhouse door before he
XV2L* tHowed to escaj>e.
Opposed to Chesbro m the box was
jnimg Gibson, who has been particu
larly effective in all his sames against
New York. The two pitchers did splen
did \rork. Chesbro having a shade the
best of the Bostonian.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUS, Oct. 7. — Commodore,
carrying 119 pounds, made a show of
a fine field in to-day's handicap at Del
mar, beating Ice Water, Clastic and
other good ones. Favorites had a hard
day again, Varro being the only posi
tive first choice to win. The weather
was clear and the track fair. Attend
ance, 3000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlon«s;
two-year-olds :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %, Fin.
7 to 5— Violin. 100 (D. Austin).. 2 1111
13 to 1— Col. White 103 (Conway) 1 2 4 2 2
3 to 2— Monaco Maid.105 (Dugan) 3 3 >, .t ni
Time, 1:C8%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. P. Hayes' br. f. by Cnartce-VtoU C
Terns Rod 100, Anadarco 105, St. Fleor 103,
Russell A 103, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The referee will be "W. R. Vanderbilt Jr. He and the members of the com
mission will wear blue "brassards," or arm badges. The judges will wear red
"brassards," the timers green and the members of the press white, with the
name of the publication they represent in black letters.
Supplies must be taken on and tires mended outside of the control. If a
car breaks down within the limits of a control it must be pushed out in any
possible way. Just outside each control there will be an encampment of tire
men, supplied with inner tubes, shoes and everything of this sort. Tires will
be filled from tanks of compressed air or from heavy rubber bags, each bag
containing enough air to Inflate one tire. '
There will be three amateur drivers in the race— Frank Croker, William
Wallace and S. B. Stevens. Frank Croker is the least experienced of these,
having driven about five thousand miles only in a sixty-horsepower Mercedes
car. S. B. Stevens* car may not start.as a bad crack was found in the crank
case and it was necessary to get a new one out from Germany.
So great was the crowd already gathered at headquarters to-night that
many persons were heard to say they would sit up until morning for the
good reason they had no place in which to sleep.
The utmost care has been exercised to make the race successful. To ob
viate the clouds of dust which obscure the view of the contestants and the
spectators, about $5000 has been expended in oiling the road, which is In ex
cellent condition. To keep the course clear guards, deputy sheriffs and signal
men to the number of about 175 have been engaged.
The cars will be checked and the records kept in the manner adopted In
the Paris to Madrid race, which was found to answer well. Each car will
carry a polished copper box attached to the driver's seat. The checker at the
start will drop into this box a card bearing the record of the time of start
ing. The checker at each control will drop a record card in each time the car
passes his station. A man at the finish will add a card bearing a record of
the finishing time. The boxes will be sealed and at the end of the contest will
be turned over to the officials, who will find in them the data necessary to
make up the results. In this way records cannot be lost and the work of the
checkers will be rendered comparatively light and free from chance of error.
The boxes were made in New York City, one used In the Paris to Madrid race
being taken as the model.
The judges and checkers at each of the four turns in the course and In
the controls are provided with portable telephones, by means of which they
can set into Immediate communication with the officials at the starting point.
The latter will be kept accurately informed of the progress of events without
delay and can, if necessary, render decisions on matters requiring them.
Nearly five hundred miles of telephone wire has been used and expert tele
phone inspectors and repairers will be posted at the turns and other impor
tant points. They will be provided with motor cycles, so that they may be
able to reach quickly any spot where their services may be needed. •
Not even the officials will be permitted to cross the track in front of the
grandstand. The road from the starting line to a point several hundred feet dis
tant will be quite clear at all times. No one, official or otherwise, except the
driver and mechanician will be allowed to approach a car on the line.
Gratification was expressed in the Garden City Hotel when A. P. Par
dington, chairman of the racing board of the American Automobile Associa
tion, leaped from his chair and spread the announcement through the
crowded corridors. There had been no doubt among the racing enthusiasts
that a favorable decision would be rendered, yet the settlement of the ques
tion, even though temporary, came as a gTeat relief.
Mr. Vanderbilt, who spent most of the day in the Brooklyn court, tried
a part of the course on his way back to the Garden City, where he ar
rived about 6 o'clock. He was with a merry party and each member was
delighted at the outcome of the legal proceedings.
Throughout the day the broad, shaded lane which leads from the Gar
den City Hotel was the scene of gayety and animation. Machine after ma
chine, each filled with a lively group, rolled up to the steps. After mid
night glaring lamps gave added plcturesqueness to the view. Meantime the
lobbies and corridors of the hotel were so thronged that passage was al
most impossible-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YoKK, Oct. 7.— With the dismissal by the Supreme Court in Brook
lyn M-day of the injunction proceedings brought by the People's Protective
Association of Nassau County, the laat obstacle In the way of the interna
tional automobile race for the Vanderbilt cup has been removed. At sunrise
to-morrow morning the great event will be under way.
After, Being Backed Nearly
Oft; the -Boards at Worth
DtI Stephens Wins hy a
Head , in Desperate Drive
Race King, at One Time One
Hundred to One in the
Betting, Is Barely Beaten
in Morris Park Race
TIMELY HITTING GIVES
HIGHLANDERS OPENING
GAME OF GREAT SERIES
<Anirricj»n I>a«rue.) i L#a«u<O
W. L* IV:.' W. L. Tct.
x« Tork.oi :.<; .u:a n>»- Toriaos 47 .e»3
Bo.- '.on 02 :.S .613 Chicago .. 92 69 .«'>0»
fl«-fl»a4 ,S5 64 .571 Kittsburp. S6 t>6 .!>ti6
''¦ .-:-v ¦ ...M> «3 .Ml» Cincinnati 84 CZ .T.U2
rhUadtl ..78 CS .n."S St. Ixniis, 75 75 .frfW
SU l^-uts. .65 St .43* Brooklyn. T.C »<i .367
Detroit ...fil K9 .407 Norton f>5 05 .31.4
Wasfclntrta S6 111 .245 rhi'.adel.. 50 100 .303
STANDING OF THE CTXBS.
Men Who Play
On Winning Nine
Commodore. With 119 Pounds
Up, Makes a Show of His
Field in Delmar Feature,
Beating Some Fast Ones
Dolly Spanker Slops Badly. Mowing Rapid Water
To Go On and Capture the Dixiana Stakes Handily
AUTOS TO RACE FOR
The Vanderbilt Trophy
ON AMERICAN COURSE
NEW YORK AMERICANS ASSUME THE LEAD IN PENNANT RACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1004.
Another Decision for Jack O'Brien.
MILWAUKEE. Oct 7. — "Philadel
phia Jack" O'Brien was awarded the
decision over Tommy Burns (Brusso)
of New York in a six-round bout to
night. The fighting was somewhat
tcme, O'Brien having the best of his
man in every round with the exception
of the fourth, : in which honors were
about even. There were no knock
downs. : - '
BERKELEY, Oct. 7.— The last chance
offered outsiders to see the freshman
football team in practice passed this
afternoon. There was a good gath
ering present on the gridiron to hear
the "bleacher addresses," which were
given by Professor Edward O'Neil
and Coaches Hopper and Greisburg.
The freshmen put up a snappy
showing in their practice and signal
work and though they were up against
Santa Clara yesterday in a stiff game
Hard Work for Berkeley Babies.
An enthusiastic Ret.ubHran rally
was held at Half moon Bay last even
ing. The hall was packed. The meet
ing was presided over by William
Nelson, and Robert I. Knanp Jr. acted
as secretary. TJie meeting was ad
dressed by S. H. Rambo, candidate for
the State Senate; E. A. ftayes, nom
inee for Congress; George C. Ross, R.
J. Jury, candidate for the Assembly,
and Antone Joseph, candidate for Su
pervisor of the Fourth Township of
£an- Mateo County. The young men
are especially interested in the suc
cess of the ticket in that locality.
Rally at Ilalfmoon Bay.
11
FREE FREE FREE:
TEA
1 — GARDEN
: DRIPS.
A QUART CAN OF SYRUP
For the table. Upon this prod-
uct the Pacific Coast Syrup Co.
has built its reputation.
A CAN FREE
WITH WANT ADS
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied page. •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1904.
12
BUSTITESS CHAJTCES— Continued. i
NO~TRIFLERS NEED TO APPLY. :
IF YOU MEAN BUSINESS.
See R. a. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
Department store; dry goods, clothing and
carpets; business established 35 years and
known as one of the best paying mercantile
establishments across the bay; stock will in-
voice to about $35,000; owner to retire; will
accept V& cash, balance on flrst-class security.
A— $:MK>: CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; r.o night or Sunday work; rent $"r>;
lease; a good paying business; value In sight;
owner engaged otherwise. Sea R. Q. WILKE,
i:t!'v Kearny st.
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar: Western
Addition: fi living rooms; rent $45; *Vj years'
lease; aplendid location and good-paying bus-
lness. K. G. WILKE. 26S Keaxny at.
A— $*00; CORNER raloon; rent $20; place
currounded by factories and doing a good-
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26fe
Kearny «t.
A — $2800: CORNER bakery and confectionery,
ice-cream parlor, etc.; 4 fine living rooms:
rent $50; one of the beat of its kind of busi-
ness in the city. Sea R. O. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar. with
living-room* ; rent $45; best location on Mis-
sion tt. : place established years; fresh stock;
value In sight and a good paying store. See
R. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A — JDOO: CANDY. lc« cream and tamale par-
lor on Devisadaro st. and 3 nice furnished
rooms; rent $25; a bargain; owner sacrifices,
as he must leave the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A — $6500; saloon, with 10 years' lease; dose to
ChroclcU bidg.; rent $250: return rent $175;
place doing good business; full value in sight;
a grvat bargain. Se« R.G.WILKE.26HKearny.
A — $5000; ro&dbouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; bouse of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly income $1000; one of the
ben business properties; about 75 miles from
city, gee R. Q. WILKE. 26«^ Kearny st.
A — $1600: cigar stand, corner, choicest and best
location in this city; rent 940; large stock of
leading brands; will nearly invoice the price.
Bee R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Bt.
A— $2«0; HOTEL of~30 rooms; rent C100; lease;
with flrst-claEs paying saloon In manufactur-
ing town acro6s the bay; a good paying bus!-
_ness. Sea R. G. WILKE, 20H Kearny st.
A — $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; clone
to 4 theaters; rent $100; well established
business; full value in sight; a rare chance.
B*« R. O. WILKE, 2C% Kearny st.
A — $6500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 31 horses, 2 hacks, 1 coupe, IS bug-
gies, harnesmd, etc.: 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a firvt-cjass paying business; rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE. 26fc Kearny St.
A^$1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 38 beds. 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; in lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26*4
Kearny St.
A — $900; CORNER saloon on Fourth St.; rent
$30; living rooms: leave; a place established
years and well paying. Se« R. G. WILKE.
26 >4 Kearny st.
A— $7&0; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25,
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^
Kearny st.
A— $2f,00; HOTEL In San Mateo County: 28
furnlched rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
ing alley ar.d dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5- year lease. See
R. G. WILKE, 26«£ Kearny st.
A— $^5CO; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
street; rent SCO; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2^00; a well established and
flrst-class paying business. Sea R. G.
WILKE. 2C^i Kearny st.
A — $S00: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26^i Kearny.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phcne South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 6- room ark, moored
on* hour's ride from city; fine chance for
euminer outine. also for winter shooting and
tithing ; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to so East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble: best coast city In California: 50 stalls:
rent only $75 r>er mo.; well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for investors, such as first-class laundry.
Ice cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON
6 CO., 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES mads In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AN ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from, city;
7 acres In shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 per
year: price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON Sc CO., 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale — One of the b««t hay, graia. feed,
wood, coal, lumber and cement businesses In
S. F. ; cheap rent; horses and wagons; all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S0O par month; trial given if
desired; part down, balance on CAMERON
& CO.
BEFORE you buy any business oall and see
BERG &. POPP, 818 Kearny st.
$3500— SALOON, one block from Market; bar-
gain. See BERO & POPP. 818 Keamy st.
$3000— HOTEL and bar. SO roomSj 45 board-
ers. S*e BERG &. POPP. 313 Kearny st.
$1400— SAL/X>N and merchants' lunch; whole-
sale district. See BERG & POPP. 818
Kearny »t.
$CWi — HOTEL of 76 rooms; cheap rent and
lease. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$3000— SALOON with lease; rent $80; bargain.
Se* BERG & POPP. 319 Kearny st.
$600 to $2750 — RESTAURANTS in rood loca-
tion ; bargains. See BERG & POPP, 31S
Kf-arry st.
$o75 to $1000— CIGAR stands In good loca-
tion; bargains, flee BERO & POPP, 318
Kearaj- st.
$1600— PALOON; near Market: bargain; call
at once. BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$500 — GROCERY and delicatessen: value In
sight; bargain. BBRG & POPP. 318 Kearny.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fall to call upon us; wa
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Room* 418-419. Telephone Folsom 84«8.
F. L. SKAGGS * CO..
Hotel Brckers. 26 Montgomery rt. B. T. '¦
*"• • Phone James G301.
| Hotels bought, leaded, sold and exchanged in
I any locality.
AN energetic business man with some capital
can purchase half interest in commission
hou**; long established and doing a good
business; principals only. Address box 2420.
Call office.
FOR «al«— Eighth Interest in new steam
schooner; oil burner: one of the best boats
en the coast; Is paying 15 per cent net. For
rarticulars address MRS. J. H. MANS-
FIELU. Redwood City. Cal.
GOOD paying carriage trimming, harness and
carriage business: barraln: account slck-
ness. 373 Tenth st.. Oakland.
CAMPAIGN buttons for eale; both Presidential
candidates; also city peddling license; cheap.
Bex 1533. Call office. Oakland.
BOOK store with living rooms in rear; $1500
Si, '•n'S 5. V? "!£ ht: ¦ k B P>en<"<i opportunity.
Box 1421. Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG man with $1000; clearing not less
j thaa $500 a month. Box 1549. Call.
»S00— Grocery and bar; old establishment- long
lease: 4 living rooms; rent $25. 748 BrannanT
PRINTER (union) wishes to buy interest in
a printing plant. Box 247£, Call.
SALOON for sale; owner leaving city a*>4
Pacific st. ~7-v;
GROCERY and bar license for sale. Box 2436
Call office. 4 '
FOR sale— A small grocery and bar. Inquire
at the Jackson Brewery. 1428 Mission at.
FOR sale — Half Interest in a two-chair barber
taop; cheap. Apply at 673H Bryant 'at..
JOHN D. SPKECKKLS Proprietor
Acdreae Communications to
VvTj. MAUT1S Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
J. * lor THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
¦;.rex You With the Department You W isn.
I'jMlcaUon Office Market and Third. S. F.
Etfftnrtal Roooe 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
1 «:iv*red by carrlars. 30 Ct«. Por Week. 73
Cls. Per Month. Single Ooj>le« 5 Ct s -
Terms by 51*11. Ittdoding Posvage (Cash With
Order* : .„
PAILT CALL (lccJud. Sunday). 1 year. . .*8.00
PAILY CALL Unclud. Sunday). 6 mcs... 4_w
DAILY CALL- By Single Month „'£¦
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year ••«»
FOREIGN J Bandar- <-15 Per Tear Extra.
POSTAGE {-Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
XLL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE FUIJSORIPTION8.
fJaispl* Couiee will b« forwarded whan ra-
a-.iezted.
Vail subscribers in ordering change _ of sd-
(nc, should be particular to give both TSEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to ln«ur» a
jjrorcpt asd correct compliance with their re-
«uert.
OAH3WLND OFFICE:
1C18 Broadway Telephone Main IOCS
KEKKKLET OFFICE:
t3*8 Caetar Str««i Telephone N orttx T7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
PAITUEL W. WALL. Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TTiil«orf-A«torih Hotol; A- Brentaao. 31
TTnlon Squaje; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
SloLel and Hoffman Houe«.
CHICAGO KECTS eTAKDS: i
Fhenrsan House: P. O. News Co.; Great
JCorttem Hntel; Tremont Hous«; Audltorluci
Slot*!; Pa'.mer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATTVE-t
C GEORGE KROGNEES. Marquette Building.
(Xxrrg I>lFtano« Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE)!
STEPHEN E. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAFvLTON Herald Square
UrsiNESF OFFICE of the San Francisco Cmll.
corner Market *no Third •treets; op-*a until
12 o'clock «%erj- c:ght in the year.
BRAN CM OFFICES:
300R Market «u*et, opposite Fifth; open cnf.l
11 C. m.
E7T Montgomery street, corr.er Clay; open until
t»:SO s. m.
800 Hayec street; opea until fl:30 p. m.
«39 McAllister Ftreet; open until 9:30 p. jn.
615 Larkin street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1&41 Mission street; open until 10 p. ra.
106 Eieventh street; open -jntil » p. m.
1090 Valencia street; opea until P p. ra.
5>orthea«i comer Church and Duncan streets;
oper. urtll 3 p. m.
2Wv Fllls-.ore rtreet; open until 9 p. ra.
MEETIHXr BTOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Ledge No. 30. F. i A, B
M. — Called renting THIS <SATL'R- "VjT
DAY) r.'EXIXG. at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
First degree. By crder of W. U.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
EXCELSIOP. Degree Lodge No. 2. *«£>^
I. O. u. K. — Regular r..«f tir.KijjfiSf&fe
THIS rSATUBDAT) EVENING. t =3KfK@§j?
Third degree. ' 5 «fcW s '
CHARLES J. THELAN. P. M.
THE California Debris Commission having rs-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro- I
*-«s from E. J. Gordon and P. McE'.roy, in
Mefwr Mir.e. r.ear Mountain Hoiis*. Plumas
County. Cal.. draining Into Spanish Creek,
which reaches Feather River, gives notice
that a meeting to receive any protests will
b« held at room 06. Flood building. San
Francisco, CaJ . October 17. 1904. at 1:30 p.m.
STOCKHOLDERS' mwtlng. — Notice la hereby
given that the annual meeting of th« stock-
holders cf the Bank of California will be held
at the bankir.e-house In this city on TUES-
DAY, Octcber 11. 1904, at II o'clock a. m.
By crier of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN* M. CLAY. Secretary.
___ AGZ2TTS "WANTED.
HOLIDAY bocks; samples ready; best lines;
ail publUhere; best line of subscription
bookr; best terms; agrat» and canvassers
wanted *-very county and town. THE J.
DEWING CO.. Flood building. S. F.
AGENT wanted to mar.ajce J.usines* in San
Francisco; good profit. Apply S. F. Street
Directory Company in r»r»>n or letter, 002
Broad Tiy, Oaklan<3.
INKI.ESS fountain pens; sample 15c; doren
tl 50: retalin 25c. FIELD CO.. 119 Bush rt.
ATTOaiTEYS-AT-LAW.
R. W. KING. Attorn«-y-at-Law. Eram. bidg..
Cth floor; entrance room 611: established 20
yrarr: all court*. E*r.eral court and office
practice; no fee In advance cr for consulta-
tion; everir.pa by appointment. Tel. Red 360L
ADVICE free en all lepal matters; divorces a
specialty; private, quick; no pay In advance;
rr.lning companies orpar.ired; patents obtained.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market Bt. ; estab. 22 yrs.
AAA — DIVOrtCE coats. $12; quick, quiet.
Advice free; all law business.
No chanre unless pucces«ful.
lf*05 Market St.. ccr. Seventh, room 419.
AA — Divorce; coets $12; <julck,qu!et;advlce free;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful: opwi evenings. 927 Market st_. room 301.
ADVICE frw; divorce coets $12; no fees or
corts In advance; aJ' law business; offlca
cpen gaturCay ev*nlngr. 619 Market St.. r. 83.
ADVICE rree; divorce costs $12: quici. quiet;
ail law business; no charge ur.lt •= raccess-
ful; open evenings. 327 Msrket. room 224.
W.M*.tti.*ws. 6S2 Market st.; consultation free;
pii^at" acd '•or.ftd'nila!; no advacce Jees;
colled ior.«. r-.erhar.lce' liens, tenants ejected.
ADVICK ir—-: dlTOree ro»t* $12; quick, quiet-
no fees Jr. advance; al! law business Even-
ingy. 7 to 9. r. 4C5 Parrott bidg.. 855 Market.
PATENTS. American srA foreign. SONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine ft.. Cth floor.
I.. R. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consu'ta-
ticn ?!•«¦»: nr, f^g in nivartc*; or>en evenlngj.
. ASTHMA CURE.
CI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relierea instantly -
10c. 25c. 60c. 3V2 Market. Pt. Nicholas :
»!>o T-iritrt. 10th and Washington, Oakland.
AST30I.OO"Sr.
ZOBEIT3E. astrwlogwr; prycfc!c7~ocrulT7nd~aiT-
trrlci-ical imagines 9 Mason rt.. rooms 1-2.
AUTOMOBILES.
IOCOMOBILE. 10-horxepoww; 2 neaftr In
rood running o»-a«T. C«J! 4ta Valencia 'et.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
BARTZ Mountain canaries & Afrt<laTgray~p»r-
rots just reoeaved. A. C. Robigon. g%', Kearny
BUSINESS CHAUCES. ~~
MILLINERY store, new stock. r»nt $90. ,T$I100
Clm*r eland. Mascn St.. rent J20 $100'
f"iE£r rtar.d, 7th St., rent low; s»ll at invoice '
Jjrus etore. across bgy. rent $80 $2&Oo
Saloon. Fclscm, liv. rras., \v«!l stocked. SHOO '
tialoon, O'Farrcil Et., llrens*. r«nt $30. .$1500
Restaurant, Third St.. well est.. scats 5$. $300
Hesta-jrant. 4th St.. rent S22 CO; seats 46. $325
Grocery and tar, llv. rms.. rent $20 $3io
Btk. and ice cream par., wagon rcute. .$2500
General «!otv. r, living rocmi. rent $25 $300
SA WTER-BLETHEN CO..
1118^ Market st.
PARTNER wanted that is reliable and honest;
light ir.door business; established for years;
pays at least $53 p«r month to each;* very
Email capital required. ST 3d st.. room 14.
LADY wants Etoady. active young man partner
Tilth $S80; well eecablished butinens that will
pay 1'irn 530 ne«k and over. Cal! 825 Market
tt., room 437.
ENERGETIC party with $500. willing to work,
can tenure working Interest in etaple mfjr.
business; $25 week; ln>lde work; oversee help,
make shipments, etc.; references. 247 5th st.
AA — SPLENDID proposition, requiring the use
of $700 or $800; will pay handsome return in
four morths. Box 22€9. Call office.
FOR Eale — Good saloon In live country town;
pric* $I«50. Address FORE & WISEMAN,
_ Petaluma. Cal. ";'
*3250— COOD earner saloon; long lease; 3 blocks
from Market Bt. ; . on account cf personal
trouble. Box 1SS1. Call offlca.
DRUG store; first-class comer: cheap; offlca
rooms In connection; two years' lease. $S0. !
J. W. MULLEN. 27 Second st.
CIGAR stand; wholesale district: day trade;
ao Sunday work; rear California and Front
. sta. Ad&ret* box 244J, r±\\
CABPET BEATING AJTO CXBATOfQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Proceas used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 303 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st. ; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225.
CONKLING'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpel beating: mat-
tresses my.de over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 218
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co. , 402 Sutter St. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
RUDOLPH £ CO.. carpet- beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break:
warranted 20 yr-v ; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old placea made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. oor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up: fllllngs.25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c: crowns. $2: no
paln;open Sundays. DrA.C.Hewltt. 204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.14, 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary
st. to cor. 8utter and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
MRsT^wT^^KRUEGER^S Dressmaking Par-
lors- prices reasonable. 530 Golden Gate
ave.. room 21: phone Sutter 1981.
McDOWELL Dressmaking * Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art'a button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor
EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER school than ever. On Juna 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 733 Mission
st , between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE
A— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bidg.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYERS. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month: life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day. eve. 723 Market.
CALIFORNIA School Elocution and Oratory.
Physical Culture — Dramatic readings, mono-
logues, day and evening; class or private.
Association bidg.. Mason and EUis^
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. meeh., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1864; Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— MOVED to 12S1 Market St.: large, sunny
quarters. Western Business College.
KENT Law School: day and nlrht; send for
particulars. 53ft Parrott building.
SPANISH.Freneh.ete.Prof.De Fillppe'sAcaderny
of languages. 101S Pest; est. 1S71: ablest profs.
CHICAGO Business College, 1435 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $S mo.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano:
beginners & adults: 50c. 2395 Mission, cor.20.
GUITAR, mandolin and ptano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 823 Haight st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly *y mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. ::2 Montg'my.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR~ YOuT
Hundred! are lifted from bad health, bad
luck. love, domestic and business troubles,
by the aid and advice of the popular clair-
voyant,
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
His former $5 reading this week for $1.
Read Carefully An Honest Proposition.
(You to be full Judged
No Charge No Charge
Unless you obtain the information for which
you consult him.
I ho hereby solemnly agree to guarantee to
make no charge It I fall to tell your name
and what you want to know. I tell if hus-
band, wife or sweetheart is true or false,
whom and when you will marry: In fact. I
will tell every hope, fear cr ambition better
than y.ou can tell yourself; I will Improve
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength in mental and bodily vigor,
and luck that Insures success in business,
mining and speculation; I implant controlling
power in your nature so you can fascinate
any one you desire, win the one you love,
bring back your loved one and causa mar-
riage with the one of choice; 10 a. m. to S
p. m.; closed Sunday. 320 O'Farrell st. — 326.
A— THE EMINENT
RICHARD MAYO,
THE GREATEST LIVING ADVISER ON
THE CONTINENT.
This week $1— His $10 reading— $1 this week.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
I demonstrate to the entire satisfaction of my
patrons that I am in a position to advise them
In all matters of life, whether on business, do-
mestic troubles, health, or on social lines. If
you desire to have your lost love returned,
ycur enemies converted Into stanch friends — in
a word, whatever may be your troubles, suspi-
cions or desires — call on this gifted man. He
will tell you frankly your condition, what you
may expect. If nothing can be done for you
he will not accept one dollar of your money.
He tells everything, good or bad. You hear
the truth and nothing but the truth. As a test
In his readings he tells you your name. age.
and what you want to know, giving dates,
facts and figures. All business sacredly confi-
dential. Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m., dally and
Sunday.
421 Ellis st Don't ring. Walk In.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium: perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Exam-
iner hldg. ; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles, consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
•guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian neeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MRS. WAYBORN, medium— Palmistry, card-
Madlng free with all psychic readings; dr.
Mon. and Frl., 8 p. m. 1235 Market, nr. 9th.
MME. ALTHEA. trance clairvoyant; call and
be convinced: wonderful powers. 108 Sixth
St.: hours 3 to 11 p. m.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c,
G. $1;. hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card
reader; readings. 25c; 2 to 0 p. m. S12
Jessie st.
MME ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. C12V4 Eddy *t.; no sign.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
SPEB,miAI.ISM.
MOVED— Mrs. J. J. Whitney, clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. - St. Kath-
ryn, 480 Ellis St., corner Leavenworth. room
221; no signs.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night
8 o'clock. $1. 1084 Bunh st.
MRS. LESTER— Circle; 8 p. m.; 10c; readings
dally. 43 Sixth st. . . . ¦
C.MAYO STEERS :phychic readings by mail $1
3563 17th St., San Francisco; tel. Capp 856.
K
BAD, tenants. ejected for $4: collections made;'
city . or country. ¦ Pacific Collection ¦ Co., 413
Montgomery sL. rooms 0-10. Tel. Main S380.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN t
ROOM 406. EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market sts., tel. Black 3607; hotels and
rooming-houses for sale.* WE GUARANTEE
GOOD TITLES.
SNAP, on sunny side of street, near Leaven-
worth; S rooms; $150 down and $150 in pay-
ments: rent $;;5; think it over.
MARION GRIFFIN.
NORTH of Market— $400 down: elegantly fur-
nished; would you like to put $75 In the
bank every month? If you have $400 to pay
down MARION GRIFFIN will back you for
the balance and put you in possession of
euch a 24-room house.
SPECULA TORSfl. if you have a thousand to
invest, we can show you a 35-room house
that clears $95 monthly; we can sell it for
$1500; we back you with $500, to be re-
turned to us In payments
TO SUIT YOU.
Furnishings are new and clean; rent $45;
price was $2500 and it's worth $2500 AS A
BUSINESS OR SPECULATION.
MARION GRIFFIN.
DEATH of owner causes rale of a 30^room
house, 3 blocks north of Market: very finely
furnished; immense transient trade; maka
MARION GRIFFIN.
ALL OUTSIDE ROOMS.
GUARANTEED INCOME $220 monthly;
expenses $98; POSITIVE PROFIT $122; cen-
trally located; 23 rooms; rent $3 50 per
room; price $1500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECTLY APPOINTED: new and mod-
err.; 50 rooms; centrally located; elegantly
¦ furnished; electricity for elevator and lights;
8-year lease; hot water in each room; all
sirgle rooms: roomers mostly business men;
profit $351 monthly: you can pay $2000 down.
WE ARRANGE BALANCE FOR YOU.
MARION GRIFFIN.
BY INVESTING $200 and paying 6 per cent
per anum on balance you can have 4 beau-
tifully furnished, sunny, corner rooms rent
free: lt'e a fine location; only C blocks north
of Market at.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 406, Examiner Building. «
SOME BARGAINS— Furnished roomlng-houee
In business center, making money, reason for
selling owner gclnsr East, to the right party
easy payments; well-located European hotel;
choice family hotel: apartments and flats,
furnished and unfurnished, for sale; prices
and terms will nuit.
PACIFIC COAST TRUST CO..
708 Market St., San Francisco, rooms 604-60S.
15 ROOMS; Market St.; rent $60.... :$1000
fi-room flat: rent $20 $250
24 rooms; rent $U0 $900
12 rooms; rent $45 $500
24 rooms; rent $105: will trade for land.$240O
25 rooms: rent $140; north of Market. .$1050
SAWYER-ELETHEN CO..
" 1118 Market st.
MITCHELL & CO .............
1206- Market St.. ....Phone Jes»le 2881
Rooming and apartment houses.- hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers: titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO
23-ROOM house; rent $90; lease; flne location;
clears $80.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
A FINE bargain: 22-room house; in good loca-
tion: clears $100 per month year round: will
stand fullest investigation; only reason for
selling is old age, as owner is unable to man-
age and wishes to retire; see this. 2134. Call.
10- ROOM lodglng-houae for sale; rent $20:
water free. Owner,- 712 Montgomery st.,
10 a. m. to 6 'p. m.
12-ROOM house; only $20 rent; $600 cash: well
furnished. 625 Jessie St.. bet. 6th and 7th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th« Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CLOTHUTO RENOVATING.
SUITS: cleaned and pressed,' $1; scouring and
dyeing." Bon -Marche." Examiner bidg.. r. 410;
* phono Drumm 44. Call for and 'deliver free.
ED^CATlCmAXr— Cqatlnaed.
CLASSES In short story writing and Journal-
ism meet on Men.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. ra..
S33 Phelan bidg: terms very reasonable.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st. — Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Euslness College. 315 Haight ;
individual Instruc. ; all branches; day, eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 fio!rl»n
Gate ay*.. S. F.: 75-page catalog on request.
EMPLOYMENT OrnCTES.
A— JAPANESE and Chines* employment offlc*
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 52«1.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
general help. "NATIONAL." S09 Hear"- bid.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 428 Powall St.: tel. Main 5752.
'APANESE-Chlnes* Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Frltx Tamagaki.mgr.. tel. Bush 359.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flcs; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPI.OTMEirr -WAjyTEP— FEMAI.E.
POSITION by neat Eastern woman, elderly;
good cook; capable In car* of children and
entire work of small family: reference*
given; wages $13. Box 2427. CalL
LADY, thoroughly experienced stenographer
In mercantile work, also bill clerk, desire*
position; salary not !»«* than $50; best ref-
erences given. Box 2454. Call.
A YOUNG colored girl would Ilk* a oaltlon aa
typewriter, copyist, bookkeeper, general of-
fice work; would accept small wages. Box
1420. Call office. Oakland.
A STEADY competent person wishes a po«t-
tlon to do general hou»ework in small fami-
ly; wages $20. 6 Rose ave.. near Market.
A LADY wishes a position as a flrst-claa*
cook; best of refs.; wagrs $30 to $33 month.
Address 1205 Stockton st.. M. C. K.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagement*
by the day, $1 SO; dresses altered, perfect
fit guaranteed. Addreea box 2415. Call.
A WOMAN wishes work by day; washing or
housecleanlng. Telephone- Ea»t 28.
YOUNG woman would like situation to wait
on table. Inquire 24<\ Russ st.
COLORED girl wishes position as. chamber-
maid or sewing. Phone Red 65S3. 366 Suttar.
TYPEWRITING of any kind. Room 604, 70S
Market st.
SWEDISH girl wants position for general
housework; wages $15 to $13. 2CS8 Bryant.
STRONG, willing, competent American woman.
temperate, honest, wants light rw««ping an<i
washing by the day; fine laundress; guaran-
tee tatlsf action; $1 25 and carfax*. ISO
Fourth st., first flight, room 24.
WANTED — By a competent woman position aa
manager or housekeeper in private family,
lodging or apartment house, or charge of a
dining-room. Phone Jeaale 4321. 10 to 12 in..
or 2 to 4:80 p.m.; references.
A CHANCE — Capable, experienced ¦tenorrapa-
er; centrally located: who has spar* time,
would like seme outside work: copying or
dictated; owns machine; charge*) reasonable.
Box 1959. Call office.
A RESPECTABLE, capable woman wishes sit-
uation to take care of child from 1 day old.
121 Dubcce ave.. between Va^er.cla and Guer-
rero sts.
SCANDINAVIAN man and wife Ilka work on
ranch; can take full charge; best of refer-
encee. Bex 1576. Call office.
TTPEWTUTINO. copying, addressing envelopes
reasonable at MIPS EDNA CRAMER"S. room
806. Mutual Bank building^
DRESSMAKER and talloress; good fitter, cut-
ter and designer; will go out by the day:
$2 60. 14C2 Pest St.. near Octavia.
NEAT colored English woman wishes house-
work In a first-class family: good cook. Box
15SS. Call office.; tel. Folsom 2703.
LADY bookkeeper and stenographer "wants po-
sition: hava had six y«ara' experience; can
furnish references. Box 2208, Call office.
YOUNG lady (German), plays piano. desir»s
position as governess or companion. Box 09.
Call office.
DRESSMAKING In families; ladles' tailor-
made suits and evening dresses; only first-
class work done. 1237 Webster at.
WOMAX wants work by th« day. -washing or
house cleaning; $1 50 and carfare. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
ENGLISH speaking Japanese and wife want
to get work In private- family. Box 2259,
Call offlca
GOOD German woman wants poeltlon in board-
ing-house or hotel; good cook. Box 228S. Call.
SITUATION as a good cook: best of references;
no letters answered. 1626 Devlsadero it.
GOOD, reliable woman wishes position as
housekeeper. Box 1530. Call office.
EXPEP.IENCED typewriter and stenographer
desires position. Box 2126. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class German
cook for private parties. Box 2337. Call.
A FRENCH laundress wishes laundering to do
at home; open air dry. Phone Paga 7931.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes washing
and mending. Phone Page 7931.
GIRL wishes : oaltlon as maker in ml'llnary;
$3 SO to $-i a week. Addreaa box 2152. Call.
A JAPANESE girl wants a position aa school-
girl. H. MURA. 807 Polk st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
1 WANTED — Steady work on large fruit ranch;
driving team: wages $30 and found. Call cr
address C. STRIEGEL. 204 Third st.
CUTTER, could also manage tailoring estab-
lishment, looking for position In or outstd*
of city. Box 2443. Call offlc«.
A RELIABLE man wants position as night
watchman; references. Addreaa I. B.. 733
Folsom st.
GARDENER wants situation; competent t)
grow a collection of orchids; best of refer-
ences. Address box 2476. Call.
SALESMAN and collector desires a position;
best of references. Box 1423. Call office. Oak-
land.
FIRST-CLASS machinist and tool-maker; will
go anywhere. Box 1565. Call ofSc«.
SITUATION waated as hostler In livery stable.
Address R. S.. 1300 Stockton at.
BOY of IS would llk« to drive wagon. Box
2444. CaU office.
ARCHITECTURAL draughtsman ej>en for
position. Box 1563. Call office.
WANTED — Position as collector: references
No. 1 and bonds furnished. Box 2421. Call.
CARPENTER, competent, desires work by
contract or otherwise. 2027 Taylor tt
STEWARD
With flrst-ctaaa Eastern refrrences)
Wants a position, city or country.
Hotel or restaurant. ¦¦.
Box 2132. Call offlc«. '/;¦;.
YOUNG man. speaks and writes English. Ger-
man and French, well connected, good ap-
pearance, must have position of any kind at
once. Box 2135. Call.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants sets of books to keep, opening and
closing books, expertlnc accounts. «tc Box
22C3. Call office.
MAN and wife, young: man experienced ccach-
man: do gardening If required: wife la a
good cook; $i»; first-class references. Box
2255. Call office.
A GERMAN, middle-aged arid single, wishes %
situation as clerk in grocery and bnrroom:
flrst-class references. W. BOHLING. 417
Keaxaur at.
A SITUATION wanted to take care of private
place by reliable man; understands garden-
Ing, care of horses and milking; good refer-
ences. Box 2233. Call office.
COLLECTOR.— Situation wanted by a man of,
several years' experience: will furnish best
of reference and bond 12. necessary. Address
box 2222. Call orrlce. "
WATCHMAN— Day or night: situation wanted
in city or country by a *ooer and reliable
man; can furnish best of reference and bond
If necessary. Box 2331. Ctell ofnc*.
PORTER and valet, flrst class, age 23 want*
any kind of steady work any place- salary
no object: excellent ref». Box 2437. Call.
GERMAN gardener, married, like work hy Jar
or month In city. Box 2431, Call otOca.
BUSINESS CHAKCES— Contlnqftd.
TAILORS, attention! Good chance; nice tailor
store for sale (requires but very little money),
consisting of Singer S. M.. looklng-Klaas, cut-
ting-table, 4 benchen, other fixtures; a few
tutl patterns and trimmings. Addre«s II. L,.
BROWNE. 20 N. El Dorado. Stockton. Cal.
YACHTSMEN and business men— All kinds
of drawing: and tracing will be done cheaii
and exactly. Box 1718, CaJL
FOR rent — Uoadhouse, old established; Napa.
Sonoma Co.; $10. F. HANSE.N. Napa, Cal.
DELICACY store, bakery and grocery for sale
cheap. ."'23 Fourth »t.
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber 'hnn and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
$100 — HONEST man partner In a good paylns
business; caa make $S0 mo. 1130 Mrkt., r. 2.
BEST roadhouse In Alameda County. KIRC1I-
NER & MAXTE, Ninth & Franklin. Oakland.
SALOON for sale; T living rooms; price $150,
107 Georj-la St.. Vallejo.
WANTED to buy — A saloon; location must b»
good. Box 1276. Call office.
SALOON for sale; cheap; good location; 833
Broadway. Oakland.
I.OPaiITQ-BOTTSES FOB SAI.E.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1060."
8 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell:
Headquarters for UoomlnK-house*, Hotels and
All Kindt of Business Chances.
82 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
flrst-clas* condition; cood furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $'MQ per month; If run
transient can clear $300 to S330 per month;
here Is best proposition In city.
7-room modern flat, close In. well furnished;
cost JCOO; a bargain If sold at onoe; $S0O.
26 rooms: new and elegantly furnished; on
Eutter; paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only $3 CO per room: long
leave; up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get flrst-clssa house that is clear-
ing $350 to $450 at bargain: owner obliged to
leave for Eurcme to settle an estate; maka
offer; exclusively with us.
CO-room. new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 0 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account sickness.
45 rooms: rent only $12.*i; flrst-claas location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy In cL. ; account elckne&s; price $4500.
l£0 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-class people;
olearlng a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get aa up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany: fine proposition;
good lease.
16 rooms: rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; alawys full; must sell within next ten
| days; leaving city; make offer.
SO rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown: fine respectable money-
making house; 'part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
0-room flat: rent only $50; water free; oak
] furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
12S rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing S500 to $C00 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
05 rooms: best downtotrn .commercial house
In city; clearing now $3C0 per month; -every-
thing first-class condition;. will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California: must leave city.
21 rooms: chean rent: very central: good
furniture and carpets; clears. $100 per month;
must leave city: make an offer.
04 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly, renovated:
all in fine shape; fine little apartment-bouse;
clear* $150; reduced to $2600.
tjLTse list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. S Eddy at. ,
HOTELS . iSSBSHSBS ¦¦ ' .
rREE—TEA GARDEN DPIPS-THE PEPrECTION CT TABLE
IV.IS/Ilf t 1 IV. H^ It
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
III t^TE^CpwH i] Next* Sunidcty's Call
1 H il*&l/^ Jk A Hi ** ome l^dnstry — the choicest* product.
Hi W^^l^^^^^^P of the Pacific Coast Syrup Co.
j^^^^^i Fop cold bread . ¦
I W®i '"^^M^^' (MSS^ Hi ea ar^ en Drips have a flavor all their own
IHI $8» E 1 an^ a sweetness not contained in any other syrup.
m§i '$§* pi It is by long odds the most popular Syrup on the
— if$l '* -t)Af IFIf fOAST \ Sn P ac^^ c Coast. Any one bringing a Want Ad to
H S%\ s yrup c° s I! our office
1H|~ 5^|^^^a*^w*^^1^^!^J EB THURSDAY, FRIDAY
• OR SATURDAY
Will receive FREE a coupon good at any grocery
'^^^^^^g^^^^^^ 84^^^ for a quart can of this Syrup.
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1U04.
13
SALE — FURNISHED.
FOK sal-— Newly furnished flat: 7 rooms;
mutt h<- s< id: owner to leave citv. Call
1 to T. p. m., UDiM Hyde st.
1782 BUTTER— 7-room flat; 6 completely fur-
nished; all new; will «>!l for $.100; rent $.i.%.
MODERN »-room sunny flat; rent $42 ".0; ;
water free; furnishings at a bargain. 173 '•
Oak »t.; call between 10 and 3. .
FURNITURE of 5-room sunny flat; account j
departure; rent $:»>. ISH'-j Fair Oaks st.
FOR rale -Xicfly furnished, sunny flat. 5
rooms and bath; rent $18. 558 Fourth st.
NEATLY furnished flat of 6 rooms for sale;
reasonable; flat to let. 442 Fulton st.
COMPLETELY furnished flat of 8 rooms and
bath; all sunny. 7 Hyde st.
PIHAHCTAL^
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by the best of income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
Interest.
Send for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (INC.)
1172 Broadway. Cor. 14th St..
Oakland.
FTJBWITTTRE POB SAI.E.
H. MEYER & CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission ;tel. Bush 813.
FOR sale — Bargain; 5 rooms, furnished: easy
terms. See parties at 647 Commercial at.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down. $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
_____PT£Bl*rrTTRE •WANTED .
AJ?E LEW.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 2u per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BVRI). auc. 16.16 Market: phone Jessie 2336.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
COOK— American family. T $40
3 cooks, Gtrinan families $:>0-$. n >5
Cook for 20 students $30
2 email bapj-ding-house cooks... $25 and $30
Working housekeeper country hotel $25
Parlor maid WO
Cook for BeUnont, see lady here 2 o'clock.$35
Man and wife, sanitarium $50
Cook for country hotel $40
Kitchen helper, institution, country $23
4 second girls $20 and $25
Cook, delicatessen — no room $7 week
Hi£h school graduate for office work.
Institution' cook $40
And a large number of girls for housework,
city and country $2O. $25. $."J0
* Apply to J. F. CROSETT. 334 Sutter St.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO..
(51 and (X> Chronicle bldg. ; phone James 2021.
Milliner saWIady $1S wk.
Al hat trimmer $18 wk.
Teacher fur orphanage, with some knowledge
of music, good wages and found.
Al skirt maker $12 wk. up.
Young lady housekeeper $2r> mo. fd.
I^idy to manaee bakery $75 mo. fd.
Two girls for candy factory *10 wk.
Ladles to do sewing by machine. .$7 to $a wk.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 23.1 Geary st.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
•o finish In one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladle*. makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdresstng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recognised college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
R1ENCE XECESSARY: GOOD PAY:
STEADY WORK. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.,
82% FREMOrrr ST. APPLY TO MR
DAVIS.
WANTED — Young- woman who Is an experi-
enced wrapper. Apply between 1) and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — Experienced jacket alteration hands.
Apply betwe'-n 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED— For Monterey; first-class girl for
general housework; wages $30. Apply at 2442
Union screet. betweei. Pierce and Scott,
II mday morning; carfare.
WANTED — A German girl for second work;
wages $25; call after 3 p. m. dally. 517
Buena Vista ave. ; take Haight st. car; get
off at Central ave.
WANTED— Refined, middle-aged lady looking
for good home and small wages, to assist
with child and light housework. 90S Bryant
street.
A RELIABLE girl cooking and general
housework; $25; references. 511 Cole st.,
near Halght.
LADIES — Earn $20 per 100 writing short let-
ters; stamped envelope for particulars.
IDEAL MFG. CO.. Ca«sopolls, Mich.
REFINED woman for position of trust with
wholesale house; references required. Box
2443. Call office.
GERMAN middle-aged lady; housekeeper small
family; a home. NW. cor. Fifth and Towns-
end sts.
YOUNG girl to assist at housework and cook-
Ing. Apply 2102 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; $20.
Apply 267 Fourth ave., Richmond.
GIRLS wanted. NEWTON GUM CO.. cor.
Second and Folsom sts.
GIRLS wanted. 106 Clay st.
LADIES to assist making holiday line of dec-
orated fancy work; require some taste, but
no experience or talent; piece work, to be
taken home, about 10c per -hour. Call. 806
Ellis St.. from 9 to f>.
WANTED — Men and women operators who are
experienced on the Wilson & Glbbs and Sin-
ger automatic machines. GOLDMAN HAT
AND CAP CO.. 21 and 23 Battery ft.
OPERATORS wanted on waists and under-
wear: steady work and good pay; also home-
workers on flannelette wear. MARKS BROS.,
1220 Market st.
EXPERIENCED tewing machine operators on
overalls, coats and jumpers; steady work.
LEVI STRAUPS « CO.. *2% Tremont st.
Apply to Mr. Davis, *>
WANTED — A girl or young woman, German
preferred, for housework. 41S Brannan St.,
near Third. j
GIRLS with some experience to pack pickles;
good wares. Apply Fisher Packing Co.. |
North Point and Stockton sts.
WANTED— Bright errand girl for dressmak-
Ing establishment. J. BAER. 1200 Geary "t.
N/URSE for sanitarium. 2344 Sutter it.
AN errand girl wanted. 1111 Van Ness ave.
A FIRST-CLASS waist trimmer. Apply MRS.
HANLEY. 1111 Van Ness.
FIRST-CLAES waist, skirt and coat bands
Apply to J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT KORD & SMITH''sT~~'~'"~"'~
Contractors' Agents. 05 Third 8t
3 carpenters, Mendoclno County, $3 so.
Dry cleaner, city, $12 to $15.
German, for bowling alley, city, $30 and
board.
Lumber pliers. Sierra Co., $2 75 to $3
Man and wife, country residence, $40 found
Laborers. Napa County. $2. steam railroad
good camp, eood water. '
Laborers. Amador Co., $2, fare $2 35.
Teamsters, Amador Co.. $2, fare $2 35.
Ehoemaktr, repair work. $2 50, near city.
AT INDEPENDENT OFFICE.
012 Merchant st. Phone James 5576.
Want 1 eood carpenter, $.'l 50, B hours.
1 jco'xl harness-maker, $3.
10 laboreif, city.
13 teaircstrrs, f'2 T#(».
Boy to leain :,lnmblne trade.
One stableman, one cleaner and washer.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—'
Pot washer, $25; porter. $25. ¦ ¦
MONET TO tOAH-^Contoned.^^^
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton St..
near Market.
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities.
$25 up, without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co.. 60 Columbian bldg.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels: no fee: no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 528 Parrott bid.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 007 Market st.
LOANS FROM *1 TO $10.000. '
1 PER cent on furniture or planon; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. rm. 21.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rial to
bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
TO falarled people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. I
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg^ |
MONEY ta loan at low Interest; gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bIJg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 533 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $13 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN.,room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without ;
lndoracr. MORRELL. COO Examiner building.
musical xzrsTBxruEirrs.
A^XlST~O^UP^IGliT^BA^GA7N^^~ V ~^^
Chickerinjr, rosewood, perfect order; Chtck-
erlng. mahogany, good as new; Weber, ma-
hogany, good as new, three pedals; Vose,
walnut case, a snap: Sterling, oak case,
used ten months; Wlllard. used one year,
fine condition, easy payments — fully guaran-
teed: from $165 up.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, lf> O'Farrell St. • I
AT $2 per month ud. rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of |
new pianos: all makes In used Instruments. .
HEINE PIANO CO.. 2.15-237 Geary St.: Oak-
land. 1232 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
bous<* and only manufacturers here.
WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or .
call on Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560-62-64
Hayes rt. : tel.- Fell 5761.
UPRIGHT pianos, former prices $275 to $350.
now $117 to $168. 769 Market St.. second
floor.
CHOICE of -Boston musical or Cortois slide
trombone at less than half price. 769 Mar-
ket st.. second floor.
WANTED — Three good square pianos. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post st.
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
WALNUT upright like new. worth $275. for
$117 at 769 Market st.. second floor.
PIANO players, former price $250. now $113.
769 Market St.. second floor.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Oeary st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $435. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecell»n piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st-
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
0rriCE8 AOT STOBE^TO XET.
ELEGANT offices: new Italian-American Bank
bid*.. SE cor. Montgy. & Sacto; light and
sunny. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgy.
FOR rent — Section of large loft: light and airy
L. MINK. 100 New Montgomery at.. 7th floor
PEBSdHAI.3. . /
A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with one-
halt of face treated: I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smallpox pittings. etc:
Restore lost contour.
If yon desire a fresh, young face, call or
write. MME. GILLINGHAM. 131 Powell st.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all . druggists for
over 20 years; price SOc. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. 8. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ; at druggists' , hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co., 1338 Pofk.
SEND for your winter supplies to Imperial
Cash Store, dealerb in general merchandise.
5:jl Washington St.. San Francisco. Cal.;
catalogue mailed free.
"REXRADIO" promptly "cured us of paraly-
sis, total deafness, etc.; interview us."; lec-
ture free "public" healing 8 p. m. Sat. Sun.
(See' Sun. ads.) Office hours 2 to 7. 7!«}4Mkt.
BEST on earth — Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured; $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 330 Grant are.
ANY one knowing the whereabouts of GUSTAV
THEBES kindly inform COTTON BROS..
Oakland Cal. Information to his Interest.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or writ*.
DR. Q. 3. MOORE. 832 O'Farrell st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
MRS. HOLSHOUSBR, 320 Starr King bldg. 121
Geary — Bust devel.. electrolysis, magnet, mas.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors, 729 Market st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tallorln*. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St., bet* Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St.* Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.38.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1S10 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suit .$7 50: dress pants $2 5a
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERAGE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
balr to Its natural color: $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PiXMISTET.
BLACKMAN studied palmistry five years In
hospitals, morgues, prisons, among all classes,
before practicing professionally. 537 CFar-
rell at., 10 to 5.
PHYSICIANS AOT STTROEOWS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo- .
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the" famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at-
PATEaTTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PUBCHASIHQ AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent: coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence sollclt-
ed. 3568 17th St.. San Franclsco.Tel.Capp 836.
SEWXKG MACHTCITES AKP S UVPIJES.
WHY not buy or rent the best? You can buy
or rent a White sewing machine at the same
price you pay for Interior makes. Visit the
new retail office of the White Co.. at 915
Market st. :
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; beat
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Doxnes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds,' $3, : $5, $3; guaranteed: where taa
dolls swing In the window. 1061 Market st.
_BEAI, ESTATE — CITY — POB SALE.
THO^AS*lJAGEinrsONg
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS AND OTHER FINE
RESIDENCE LOTS.
Northwest cornrr of Rroa/lway and Flllmore.
8-:b on Broadway hy 137 :« on Fillmnre; the
m.^t sightly r^l.ier.i? corner In the city.
Paciac ave.. in h.»t portion. 37:H-ft. front;
fine lot for a flrst-clasa home.
Broadway corner only .«.in> a ft., with fine
marina vww; Iwality destine*! to be the finest
In San Francisco.
Only $4500 for 44 ft. en Vallejo st.. with
unobstructed mar. l =o view.
Reduced to JS75O— Pacific ave.. next to fln#
residences; almost S3 ft. front by full depth,
with flni> marine view.
Broadway and Vallejo *t.: unsurpassed and:
unobstructed view; a fine, large fn.ntase for
elezant home.
Majsniflcfnt Itroa<lway-st. tot; v°ry large
frnntasp. or will wll smaller size If desired:
one of the finest views fn-m this lot that
can bo had fmm any ixirtion of Pacific
Heights; clr.se to gate going Into Presidio,
giving almost level drive to Central ave.
BroaJway-st. corner through to Vallejo; most
imposing corner on Pacific Heights: magnificent
view, cannot be shut off; grand site for lar^s
residence.
Vallejo-Kt. enrner. with magnificent marine
and land view.
Broadway st.. near Faker: 50 ft.: fine view;
will be the finest resilience location In the
city, as the district Is limited..
PREPIDIO HKIOHTS LOTS.
J25.00A— West corner on Washington «t..
137:6x100; or will sell ln?ide half; a fine buy
for Investor to bold and subdivide later.
?2i>,fMH> — Jacksr>n-s>t. corner. 60x145, back to
and overlooking Presidio.
•515,000 — Washlngton-st. corner, nearly 70x
100.
$10.000 — "Washington st.. In best section:
nearly 70x127:8.
$13,000—56 ft. front on north side, with fln»
view- of Presidio; extra lot to another main
street.
S13.000— Washington St.: north side, with
panoramic vl?w of bay, Marin County hills and
Presidio; CVft. front.
Only $7000 for corner. Srt- ft., with fine view
of Presidio and bay: this lot gets sun on
three sides: only S14O a ft.
Only J6.-00 for Jackson-st. corner; clou* %n
car Unp; fine sized lot.
?f?r,oo—For 32:6 «. front by 127:S ft. deep
on north side of Jackson: magnificent, unob-
BtructPd and panoramic view from this lot of
th<» Presidio and hay and Martn County hills.
$6000 — "O ft. front, surrounded by fln» homes;
choice residence locality: looks Into Presidio.
*.vxx> — Wa?hintrton st.. 3Q ft. front; shel-
tered locality: good residence lot.
J5000— Spruce *t., in best portion of Pre-
sidio Heights; fine residence locality; 27:fl
ft. front.
ffiOOO— Pacific ave.. looking Into the Pre-
sidio: flrst-clasa residence locality.
J«O0O— Pa<Mflc-ave. corner, looking Into th*
Pr»sl<1lo. .13x88.
S.V**> — 27 ft.. looking into the Presidio.
•,"fWW) — Washington s<t. : very fine view of
Presidio and of the bay: excellent residence
locality.
•450O— Pacifle-ave lot. In very select resi-
dence locality. 83x91.
f l.iOO — North <«!<!•• of Jaz-kwin St.. with view
of Presidio ami hay: neighborhood first class:
street work all don<».
$T7.V> — 3Oxll4, on Washington st. : an excep-
tionally chpap lf>t.
THOMAS MAOFE * SONS.
R MONTGOMERY.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lets in thp Kxcelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table; on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from the
Mlssion-st. electric cars; secure cne as an
investment and by the time It Is paid for It
will have doubled in value the way prices
have advanced during the pa.<* year; buy
now before prices become prohibitive In this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Main 3704.
$3000— House cf 9 r. and b.; 2M St.. nr. York:
$51)0 wouhl make It into fine fiats.
S2M00 — 2 flats of 5 r. and b. on Twenty- seventh.
$2750 — New 6-r. cottage. Whitney st.; term*.
D. COFFIN. 252S Mission, near 21st st ;
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossiey bid.
BEAI'TIFUL let in the Mission district; her*
is your fortune: *210. Box 2475. Call of floe.
$2100— MODERN cottage for sale. 830 Alvara-
do St., between Hoffman ave. and Douglass.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers, 836 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and best tn America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 11.
BAIT MATEO REAL EHTATB.^
LOMITA PARK — On line of 8an Mateo elsc-
tric cars; 45 minutes from 5th and Market
sta. • outside the fog belt and Just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff"
will Join the main line; second subdivision
now betng offered: 50- foot lots from $400 up:
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 dowa
and $10 a month; sewer and water pipes In
front of every lot: pure artesian well wat*r;
half the lots In subdivision No. 1 were sold
In two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot in this desirable section oa
easy terms; taka the electric car* and get
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
6ELBY. RODGER9 & CO..
Tel. Main 673. 116 California st.
EEAIi ESTATE — COTJNTB"xj— Por Sal*.
CATTLE ranch, 173O acres, Sonoma County,
lying west of Skaggs Springs: Gualala River
runs through ranch; fine feed, scattering
timber and tanbark plentiful; numerous
springs: 8 acres In fruit; 40 In grain; bouse,
barn, corrals, chicken houses, etc.; grand
trout stream and deer plentiful: 3000 acres
fenced; price of the 175O acres deeded land.
$12,000. D. M. HANLON. 169 Crocker bldg.
DAIRY ranch for sale; cheap; 20 acre* In al-
falfa on Irrigation ditch; good improvements;
10 head of milk cows. 40 ton* of hay. chick-
en?, farm machinery, etc.; 1 mil* from
creamery; a snap If taken soon. X O.
BENTZ. Lathrop. Cal.
WANTED — Party with $5000 for colontxaUoa
plan; exceptlcnal proposition to make a for-
tune for a live business man; w« have only
2 weeks' option on the land. 8. F. Credit
Co.. 10 Turk st.
$40OO ONLY for a 1000-acr« stock ranch la
Sonoma County; house, barn and plentv
of water; fine for hog raising. P. C.
LASSEN A CO.. 466 Tenth rt. OaJt-
land. Cal.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains In California. C M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market St.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 par year.
~~ IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slop*: sia«
to snlt; easy terms; plenty water; fine fruit:
call for details; go and aea Sunday. Owner.
713 Mills bldg.
PABJt rOBBXST OB POK SAIJB.
TO rent — The Rowland farm. 430 acres good
land, well watered and fenced; also 40 head
of cows: will sell or rent: everything re-
oulred to run a dairy farm. App!y In person
to R. E. ROWLAND. Ortnda Park, back of
Berkeley.
yABMS A2TD BAWCHES TO T.EA8B.
FOR rent — Tbree-acr« orchard, with lt-roora
house: furnished. Apply to FRANK A- Mo-
j CARTHY. San Leandro.
I BEEKELEY ADVEKT'S'NTS
1 — __ _ •
BIBB^CT BOOMS AOTBOAED^
WANTED — Business gentlsmta aa roomers;
board If desired; quiet; homelike; half block
from Berkeley station. 2157 Addison at..
Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVEBT'S'MTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
QAgLABP BEAT. ESTATE. '
$3000— A FINE home of 7 rooms, bath; lot
50x127; all street work done; few blocks
from Key route: will take lots aa first
payment; balance on easy terms. P. C.
LASSEN & CO.. 466 lOtb at.. Oakland.
Cal.
oakiiAK^ jyu^wrruit^^oa sajjb.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelhaaa. 11th st.. cor.stort.OaklaaA.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
JCTtP_ WANTED— M ALE—CoPtlnTi^.
A— MURRAY & READY, ftUand 636 Clay st.
i'hone Main 5S48.
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French, Italian,
Scuiiiiinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
ItKl.t We Gave 1804 We Hope to
CiO.COO Men Work. Increase 60,000.
CARPENTERS, CABINET MAKERS.
•i SHIP CARPENTERS, $4 DAY.
2 painters, fare 15c. $2 to $3 day.
Paimtr stasx-hand. $2 5l> day.
Cutoff sawyer, city, $"J a day. ,
Matcher and sticker hand, fi to $4 day.
Painter, city, plain job. $2 50 (Jay.
25 carj^nters, Nevada State, $3 50 day.
4 carpenters, fare 10c, $3 day.
Carpenter for a ranch, $50 found.
WHEELWRIGHT. NEVADA, $3 DAY.
2 shinplcrs, 50c fare, $1 per M.
11 woodworkers; 5 bench hands.
14 cabinet makers, factory work.
Matcher and sticker hand, $3 £0 day.
i'arder, <_oiton machine, $2 25 day.
2 cutoff sawyers, country, $75.
Handy man. carpenter tools, mine, $3 day.
12 carpenters, S0M>ma Co.,- 50e fare, $3 day.
Table maker?. 3 brushmakers, band sawyers.
Gang trimnierman, fare $2 60, $50 found.
LOOK.
Blacksmith, Government job, Nevada, $3 50
day.
3 PAINTERS. $2 50 TO $3 DAY.
3 painters, city house work, $3 day.
0 PLUMBERS, $4 50 DAY.
Your fare paid, non-union men.
12 PLASTERERS. $4 50 DAY.
6 IRON MOLDERS.
Well digger. $40 fd. ; lever man. dredger, $75.
MISCELLANEOUS POSITIONS.
Farmer and wife. Care $:?, $45 fd.
Applr packers and pickers, $32 50 fd.
Laborer, city pickle factory, $10 week.
STENOGRAPHER. $45,
Gardener, private residence, boss here, $30
and found.
3 boys for city stores, $4 week.
Helper, city wholesale house, $40.
DRAPERY SALESMAN.
STABLEMEN.
16 stablemen, city and country. $75. $GO,
$40 $30 and found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
BAKERS.
Good oysterman. 15c fare, $45.
Cake baker, city, $17 week.
Bread baker, city, $17 week.
Confectioner, city, $2U week.
2 bakers $4.">; helper city bakery $30 fd.
TOM MARTIN, BUTCHER. WANTED.
Sheep butchers. Sausage- makers.
Slaughter-house butcher. $30 fd., fare $1.
Slaughter-house butcher, 60c fare. $50 fd.
Shop butcher, SOc fare, $50 and found.
Slaughter-house butcher, fare paid. $30 fd.
Knife men. shop men etc.
COOKS.
9 cooks, different jobs, $60. $50. $40, $30 fd.
Cook, hotel. $60; cook, ranch $30 found.
6 waiters, porters, bedmakers *$^0 to $35 fd.
Slavonian steward, $50 and found.
Orderly, Institution, $15 and found.
2 waiters, mine. $25 fd. ; dishwasher. $20 fd
Greek porter, country saloon. $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
JERKLINE teamster $2 25 $2 50 day.
NEW JOBS
25 trackmen. $67 5O to 575.
12 laborers, lumber company, $60.
BOYS— BOYS— BOYS.
25 boys for factory. $30 and found.
65 WOODCHOPPERS.
GANG CHARCOAL BURNERS— 18c SACK.
FARM HANDS.
23 farm hands. $30. $26 and found.
15 chore men and boys, ranches. $15 to $30
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
25 SHIP CARPENTER, $3 50 day. ~~~
12 rough carpenters, 10c fare, $3 day
BOILER-MAKER. $3 60.
¦ Carriage painter, 30c fare, $3 day.
2 camp blacksmiths. $66 fd.
2 carpenters, Nevada, ?105.
3 cement sidewalk finishers'.
-O laborers, SOc fare, $1 75 day.
SPECIAL.
12 boys or young men, sash and door factory.
51 to $1 50 day.
Handy man, carpentering, ranch, $40 fd.
Boy. city grocery-; saloon porter, $25 fd.
Extra butcher. $60 fd.
Second cook. mine. b. h., $35 fd.
5 sheep butchers, $S0.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 036 Clay st.
NEVADA STATE.
NEVADA. NEVADA.
55 teamsters and laborers, $75.
Office fee SI.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
AA— EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.
G4-G5 Chronicle bidg. James 2C21. '
A flr?t-cla»g dentist, reg $.S0 start
Stenographer, young man $50
Ladies' apparel salesman $1S wk.
Manager small department store ..$175 mo.
DrusKist. not registered, city $75 mo.
Drug clerk, city, good hours $75 mo.
2 clothing salesmen, city $15 wk.
2 salesmen, tea and coffee ex Salary.
Traveling man. experienced. .. .$25 wk. exp.
Gentleman of integrity, travel winter $2.*> wk.
Gunsmith, thoroughly competent ...$100 mo.
Driver, city grocery $10 wk.
2 salesmen for city store Salary.
Nursery man for nursery $45 fd.
Silk salesman, city $75
Kirst-ciass stationery man $15 wk.
Boy 15 to 10, errands, knows city.... $7 wk.
Boy, mechanical $5 wk. to start.
Ex. shipping clerk $50 start.
Open evenings until S:30 o'clock.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Bookkeeper and stenographer, familiar with
Enclish methods, $100.
Experienced adjuster, $75.
Tent and awi .nc finisher, good salary.
Jewelry salesman, installment plan, no ex-
perience necessary- »
Bushelman, good salary-
Window trimmer, $20 week.
15 miners In adjoining State, $3 day, 8 hours'
work.
Fancy goods manager, $100.
60 placer miners, Alaska, $30 day
5 boys, $4 to $5.
Salesmen, gilt-edge mining stock.
Office open Saturday until 8 p. m.
509 HEARST BLDO.
FOREMAN for dairy, $50 and found; 2 ranch
teamsters, $05 and found and fare refunded;
Foap boiler: kitchen man and wife cook,
?«». and others.- J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento St.
ALL young men can learn the barber trade in
8 weeks at the original JNO. A. MOLER'S
Barber College. 644 Clay st. ; tuition earned
while learning; positions guaranteed; only
college in San Francisco with constant prac-
tice and expert Instructions. Call or ad-
dress correct number, 044 Clay st.
WANTED — Man or lady as manager of branch
business: $150 to $200 per month: if you
mean business call at the Earl, 19 Powell
St.. room 4, atter 5 p. m. ; must have $100.
L. A. NOVELTY CO.
TWO submanagerB: also solicitors; Pacific Mu-
tual, Life, 508 Montgomery St.; call morn-
Iiiks at rooms 31-32, 7th floor; references re-
quired.
SCHOOLBOY to carry morning paper; south
of Market, east of Fourth: also one to carry
north of Market, east of Powell; no Sunday
work. Apply 1325 Mission st.
YOUNG or middle-aged man of good habits
havkig $25 cash can learn paying trade;
steady work; good wages while learning.
Call 212 First st.
WANTED — Installment collector to collect
• small weekly payments on merchandise ac-
count; good salary: position permanent. Globe
Company, 723 Chestnut St., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 0 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — Cash boys. Apply at once, PRA-
GER'S DEPARTMENT STORE, Market and
Jones sts.
BARGAIN— 2-chalr shop; revolving chairs;
good business; first-class every respect: $100:
selling account departure. Box 1566, Call.
I WILL teach you all about life Insurance
and how to sell It. Write for terms and ap-
polntment. Box 2366, Call office.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 420 Broadway.^
WANTED— Boy about 16 to wash windows and
run errands In Jewelry store. 27 Third st: !
WANTED — Tinsmith or sheet iron worker. 2S6
Precita ave.. near Folsom st.
MESSENGER boy for office, about 14. Apply
room 4, 320 California st.
WANTED— Solicitors for good side line. Box
2451, Call office.
LUNCH waiter. 434 Fifth st.
WANTED— A man to work on a farm. Ap-
ply at 11B Tenth st.- '
AN elderly man to help tend grocery and bar. ;
Address 1354 Fifteenth st.. Oakland.
SHOEMAKERS wanted and man on repairing.
669 Howard st.
YOUNG man with $25 to sell goods and col-
lect. 2G79 Mission st ¦ - . ' ¦
ALL classes of machinists furnished on short !
notice by Machinists' Union. 1159 Mission
st. Phone Mint 2406: office hours 8 a. m.
I to 5 p. m. . "
CASH boys; age 10 to lfl; must show letters;
from teachers. Call at 4 p. m.. SHREVE &
_CO., Crocker building.
YOUNG man with experience for fancy goods
store; one from the country , preferred. Box
2440. Call. . '
MEDICAI..
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
fiom Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you. are In trouble, confide in me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office SCO KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist" for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. S26 Post et.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregrularltles ; instant re-
Hef guaranteed. 1008^4 Market at., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' specialist, now
visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
.Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu.
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
PRAE — Dr. Robertson's remedy; a protection
against Irregularities; absolute safety guar-
anteed; $1 box. The Robertson Co., 615
Grant bldg.. Market and 7th sts., S. F., Cal.
DR and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market. I
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth st., be- {
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never fails;
$2. Gleason-Rugglea Drug Co., Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2905 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladles, relief or- no fee; $10.
KIKES AHD MINING.
INCORPORATE your mining or business in-
terests; it's more businesslike; many ad-
vantages; ask me what It costs; directorate
secured; stock sold; new ideas. A. F. HA-
RASZTHY. 622 Crossiey bldg., S. F.
THE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
OPMENT CO., room 13, 330 Pine St.. will In-
corporate and finance propositions of merit;
buys, sells, develops and operates mines
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont »t.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte. In rolls easy to lay;
.needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
AN. elegant assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
BLANKETS,. sheets, pillow slips; 100 pairs of
each, all new, at half price; splendid chance
for lodging-house or hotel. Inquire room 220,
Mulrhead bldg., Market and Larkin sts.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, an-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO..' 25 Stockton st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12. upstairs.
BAKERY. Krocery and laundry wagon for
sale at ROBERTS', 1615 Market at.
SAFES and desks, prices right, at Richardson
¦ Bros.. 123-125 New Montgomery, nr. Mission.
FOOT lathe, band saw, circular eaw. 1721
Mission st.
Firewood cut to lengths, $2 delivered. E. C.
Pitcher &. Co., tith & Hooper; tel. South 375.
Wallpaper, 3%c; paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merigan, 1302 Webster; tel.Stelner 3671.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt.
FOR nale — Genuine water spaniel; young dogs.
CHAS. COLEMAN, 420 Natoma St.. top floor.
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring $50; terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
FINE diamond sunburst; 7 large stones; a
bargain; $350. 10 Sixth st.
ROOMS papered; $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel.Maln 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st. : tel. South 811.
FOR sale — First-class n«w bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL, 1021% Market et.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery nt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 406. Ad-
ams bldg., 206 Kearny st. ; phone Black 3036.
HIGHEST prices for ladles'. gents' castoff cloth-
ing., etc. Tel. Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
AAA — BUY any am't good 2d-hand ladles' and
men's clothing. 022 Folsom, tel. Folsom 3522.
HIGHEST prices paid; gents' castoff clothing |
and shoes. Tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington St.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing an<*
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.: tel. Jessie 2&51.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5^4 and 6 per cent
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY !
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies,
estates In probate, undivided interests In
property, probate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies and undivided Interests In
property purchaeed.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 592*.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-C02-V03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. [
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
" ~ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country-
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
I Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
• any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
• call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg|
A— ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 3tf.
HIGHLY respectable . private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
YOUNG & CO.^ * room 537 Parrott bldg.. loan
money on furniture, pianos, etc., at about
half the rate charged by other people: mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid off.
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st..
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc.. at
2 per cent per month.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you se«
us. - Hutton Credit Co.. 812 Mutual Bank bldg.
KEEP VrAITTEIw*TA~/r_ConMnq»«._.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE,
420 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
1st and 2d cook, country hotel .$00-$50
French washer and starcher $40 found
Kitchen hand, country hotel, free fare...#S(>
Porter, country hotel, boss here $25
Boy, wholesale house, make himself .useful. $25
Errand boy, $5 wk. ; stenographer $50 mo.
Ship to-night Call early
50 men, station work $2 day
OR « '
15c yard for earth and up.
Can make as high as $3 75 day.
Good shoveling Long job Good camp
Good water.
Fare only $1 Ship to-night
50 Italian laborers $2 day
New railroad work; near city.
Call early Ship to-night
Napa County; fare ?1 25.
Spikers ....' $2 day
0-horee teamsters haOling Iron rails... $40 fd.
State of Nevada Rate fare $7 SO i
Teamsters and laborers : $2 50 day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Office,
429 Bush st. 642 Clay at.
MEN to lean barber trade; only eight weeks
required; ci nstant practice and expert In-
struction; positions secured: special induce-
ment? this month; catalogue mailed free.
Mol«r System College, 6-'15 Clay st. J
LIFE positions at good salaries in Government j
¦service and how to secure them. For full I
particulars apply Pacific Correspondence In- I
stitute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st., S. F. I
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD
& SMITH. 95 Third st.. S. F.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns and -write short articles for publica-
tion: $SO per month and expenses: references
required. Box 2369, Call office.
WANTED — 100 men and women to learn bar-
ber trade; new method; wages paid while
learning: tpecial inducement this month.
Halght Branch No. 1. 047 Commercial st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know I
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. : 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Assistant bookkeeper for whole-
sale house; state experience and references.
Box 2434. this office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 5t!:l Mission -St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
WANTED by wholesale house, bright boy for
•ample room; state age and references in
own handwriting. Box 1785. Call office. •
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
BOOTBLACK wanted, steady, In barber shop.
1OO« Mission st.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for sale In a good
location. Inquire at 229 Fourth st.
S. F. BARKER College will take next 6 scholars
free. Call for particulars at 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN Tanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 roln.,75c.
MAN to learn the barber trade; wages while
learning. Call at 751 Mission st.
LABOR debts collected: sutts, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy., r.415.
SAILORS and youne men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls.r.40,PheIan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor Duncan & Church sta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market . St..' opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL *Iz?k men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
r>rice : r>63\llssionst ;^bet ; lstand2dsts.
'^^^ JgJPBSES^Ay^WAOONS.
A STANDARD bred horse for sale; 17 hands
high; 8 years old; will weigh 1350 lbs.: or
will exchange for a good draft horse; alao
a flnf pony for sale: slncle-footer; will ride
or drive, saddle and bridle. 1521 Railroad
ave., Alameda.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 100 Stevenson, S.F.
FIRST-CLASS horse; fine new top wagon;
suitable bakery, launcjry. 847 Mission st.
THREE horses for sale cheap; work single or
double. 5«4 Bryant st.
A LIGHT express wagon in fine condition.
F. FITTOCK, Park st. bridge. Oakland.
WANTED — Large work horses; suitable for
piano wagons. BYRON MAUZY, 808 Post st.
FOR sale — Bugey. $40. 1318 Grove st.
WANTED — A business buggy, rubber tired.
Box 1263, Call office.
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission st., nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth at.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th-VaIencla.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
A — PRINTED list of houses' to let; send for clr-
oular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
, ., HOUSEjMTO J^OTj-jTOBNISHEP. I
HOWARD. 2130, near Eighteenth — 8 roomT
well furnished: rent $50. 1 to 4 p. m.
JgQ^SES^rrjBWISHED— POB SAXE
$6500 EACH— Best bargain ever "offereoH 3
residences of 9 rooms each; just finished;
cor. Fell and Flllmore sts.; open for In-
spection from 1 to 3.
INVESTMENTS.
Which is better, to leave your money'in the
bank and receive 3M per cent on the same,
or to purchase a $1600 Realty Syndicate 0
per cent, paying $24 every three months for
$1500, paying on your outlay over « 1-5 per
cent?
Or If you prefer, some Oakland Crematory
stock at $25 per share, paying now 7 per cent
with every prospect o£ increase. Four divi-
dends having been paid of 30c per share al-
ready this year, and another of same amount
payable on the 12th of this month. These in-
vestments are available if applied for Imme-
diately to W. E. BARNARD, 47U Tenth st.,
Oakland. •
igv-^^^jgHAira;--
SOLD rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt. ;tel.Park 775.
LOST AND POUND.
LOST — On the Eighth-ave. car or on Clement
St., .a purse. Finder return to 734 Clement
st. (evenings) and receive reward.
LOST — Purse with money and insurance paper
at the Orpheum or going to Bush st. Please
return to 530 Bush s>t.; reward.
LOST — Bull bitch; name Fannie; collar; li-
cense No. 4004. Return to 229 Sixth st. ;
reward.
LOST— A black Newfoundland pup with tag
• 4086. Finder will please return to 1621 Do-
lores st., between 6 dnd 7 p. m. ; reward.
LOST — A bunch of keys, about 14, on a wire
rlns, on Monday. Return to 766 Bush st.
and receive reward. ,
LOST— Male collie; answers to name Imp Re-
turn to 1208 Sutter st. and receive reward.
LOST — Gold locket, with photograph. Return
to 811* Howard st. : reward.
LOST— Bull bitch; name Fanny; collar; license
No. 4C64. Return to 229 Sixth St.; reward.
LOST— Blue Dane . dosr. with collar and 11-
cense. Return to 3371 21st st. ; reward.
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Selling your old gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be mad* into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter St. .
I.ATJNCHES TOB HIBE. _
C 'a McNE1LL~LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st.;' for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J MIchaelis Launch Co.. Unlon-st. Wharf ; boat-
'itip & excursions. 5 Steuart st.;telJohn 2GS0.
MATTBESSES^ATO PI1^0W8.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process) ; excellent carpet ; cleaning. HOPKE
BROS 1432-34 Howard st. ; phone South 216.
EMPIiOYMEirT WANTED— Male— Con.
WANTED — By a reliable rsarried man a po-
»itlcn as working foreman on a atock. grcin
or fruit ranch; wife will cook for a few men;
understand stock and ranch work in ail its
branches; thoroughly capable of taking fuU
«'harre. Address box 231S. Cal lcfflce.
ENGINEER — A practical stationary engineer
of 15 years' exx**rience, any style of engine,
would take job at anything, engine-room or j
bcl>r-room; all around man; satisfaction ¦
?iuarantced. Box 2246. Call office. j
BOOKKEEPING or collecting, or both, for :
I«.rt or &11 the time, wanted by an experi-
enced man who ie willing to give value
received; has best of i-.'rrences and oan Kiv>:
bonds if necessary. Address box 2415, fail.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detailer. 18 years' experience mining
pswer plants, factorle* wants work. Box
__1800. Call office.
SOBER, steady and industrious young Swedish
mu wishes position as watchman or all
around man In wholesale house or freight
house. Address F. MOOR, 1188 Harrison st. :
A STEADY and sober man wants position in
wholesale liquor house to deliver goods and
take orders, or solicit; good references. Ad-
dress 723 York st.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter 1-siros po-
sition; four years' experter.ee with rillrcaa;
best references. Box 24 IS. Call ofSce.
A YOI'NG man, 5 years' experience In machine
shop, wants wcrk of any kind. Call or ad-
dreas D. BANKS, 637 Jessie st.
WANTED — Position by barber with slight
knowledge of buflifss; small wages to start
«lth; city or country. Box 2253. Call offlee.
WANTED — Situation as night watchman. Jan-
itor, porter, collector or work in private
Al references. Box 2251. Call of floe.
TAILORS, attention— A cutter of exceptional
experience and ability seeks engagement.
Box 223'.<, Call office.
YOUNG American, strong, healthy and willing
to work, desires position, city or country-
Box 2242. Cail office.
OCULIST from East of considerable experi-
fn?e desires position with optician. DR.
PHILLIPS. 2O4 Oreronian bldg.. Portland.Or.
KIKST-c'LAf!S, all around machinist desires
? ituation on any kind of ; achinery. Box
22*7. Call ofRce.
HOTEL clerk — Situation wanted in city or
• ountry by an «-xperienoed <nan: will furnish
best cf relerences. Address box 2330, Call.
GERMAN butcher wishes situation In meat
niarket. pork or delicatessen store. C.
EBERHARD. 207 San Jos« ave.
AN Intelligent Japanese wishes a position to
»«lt «jn tat!f in morning and evening. Ad-
dress 1T27 Green st.
CHAUFFEI'R. reliable and steady, wants poel-
tlor. driving private automobile; also to car*
fcr Kin*. Bex 239S. Call office.
A RELIABLE young man of 24 desires a good
permanent situation; can furnish best of
reference*. Bex 22a3. Call.
EXPERIENCED moving picture and stereop-
tlcon operator; expert electrician; best of city
references. Bex 22C6, Call office.
A KIRPT-CLAPS baker on cake and bread de-
eir«»f a situation in country; state wa^ei.
Box 2275. Call office.
VOCKO man desires position in any kind of
ttore with *rr.all waees for while till learn
the business. Addrew 315 Fourth st.
A RELIABLE man wants position as ntglit
watchman: references. Address I. B., 756
Fclsom «t.
HtTCATION wanted by a eood milker. Ad^
rtrefs F. B.. 13O9 Stockton rt.
STATIONARY engineer wants employment;
good re'erences. Box 23C8, Call office.
C1IIXES&, excellent cook, very nice refer-
¦•r.cei-. wish** a situation in family; city or
country: wanes $35. Address 734A Jackson
m.. rjom St, phor.e China 14(>, between 8
*nd 11 a. m.
''HINEPE. excellent cook, very nice references,
wishes a situation in family; city or country:
wagf-s $.¦{.". Address 734A Jackson st., room
21, phone China 14<5. between S and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Position by a first-class Chinese
cook: family or boarding-house. E. L, 1113
Clay Ft.: tel. Ulack 3tS8.
JAPANESE boy wants a position In a board-
ing or lodgm* hou?e to do the chamberwork
or some other kind of work; works at cheap
wapt-h. Address box 1424. Ca!l office. Oak-
'.ar.d.
JAPANESE with references wishes position as
cock: French. German or any style cooking;
city; private family; eood wages. 335 Sac-
ramento «t.
GOOD Japanese couple want positions in fam-
ily: man as good cook, wife a* waitress; best
refer^ncos. P. T., 1303 Polk St.; phone Lar-
kin 4>-2.
A JAPANESE wants a pot-ition as cook in a
xmal! family; city or country; washing; ref-
erences; $6 up week. N. K.. 317 Mason St.:
ph-jne James f.251.
A JAPANESE boy wants position to do cook-
Ing in family or family boarding-house;
v.-agf-s $30 to $5."; must ha\-e references. Ad-
drecs H. A.. 20 Lewi* place, off Taylor st.
A STRONG Japanese, honest boy, wants a po-
rtion to do store work; speaks English-
»a ? e» $7 V) a week and up. Address JERRY
K. AIZATVA, M2 Bush St.
A JAPANESE young man wishes a position at
housework: $2 we*k. T. STANLEY, 1304
Post st. ; phone Sutter 4132.
YOUNG Jananese l»oy wishes situation as
waiter, housework or plain cook. Adresa 534
''at-tro ft.. S. F.; telephone Church 0430.
JAPANESE, your.g school boy. wants a fltua-
tlcn to do ar.y kind work; good family. F.
I.. .*>39 Stevenson st.
A JAPANESE cook wants situation as cook
or housework in *rr:all family, city or coun-
try F. K.. 41XB Larkin St.
A JAPANESE boy with good experience of
cooking desires position In family. GEORGE,
1M3 Lerkin St.; phone Polk 2340.
A JAPANESE, honest boy, wants position as
F<-hoo) boy. or to do housework In good fam-
lly. In city or country. Y. TOJO. 514 Pine.
rAITHFT'L Japanese boy wirhes a position to
do housework or kitchen help in small fam-
ily; small wages. T. ITOW, 514 Pine st.,
NICE Jacanese wants situation to* do house-
work at small wages. YOKO. 230 Ellis st.
JAPANESE rood boy wishes situation aa a
schoolboy. G. YAGI. 1336 California st.
JAPANESE boy wants a position at housework
300 Clement st.
riiATS TO I»BT.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list-
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save yon time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 24S-2S9 Geary
St.. en the square.
•'HARMING view, up-to-date flat. 7 rooms,
bath, 793 Clayton nr. Frederick; will make
reduction Ie rent to good tenant. Call on
owner at uremlses.
ALSO
Flat of 6 rooms, bath: very low rent. Call
n.t above address.
VICKSBURO. near 24th — New. light, sunny. 5
rooms and bath; r*nt $23; best flat In Mis-
sion for the price.
JUST finished; pettiest flats In town; 6 and
7 rr»me; tinted, light, sunny; $35 & $37 60.
Duboce ave. (13th st.). near Market «.
$32 SO-NEW flat of 7 r. A. b.; large yard~and
garden for children; sun ail day. NW. cor.
Fulton and Ecott, opp Alamo square.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms and bath: par-
ties leaving for the East. Apply flat C, S13
Larkin st.
>j ROOMS and bathroom; sunny bay-window
fiat ; 1710 Wathlngtoa. near Polk; rent very '
reasonable. , \
TWENTY-SECOND. 3534, near Dolores— Five
rooms, bath, double parlors; $15.-
18 CARL St.. near Clayton — New 6-room flat.
$—5.
A NICE corner flat, 7 room*; 2042 Scott St., !
ccr. Sacramento; rent. $30; water free.
LARKIN. 1312, near California— Lowe7 flat. 7
rooms and hath; rent reasonable.
CENTRAL, modern flats; ft rooms, bath. 1014 ,
and 1030 Sacramento st.. above Powell.
LARGEPT list of houses and flats to W. Call
en LYON & HOAO. »6 Montgomery «t.
PI.ATS TO XJET— PTTBKISgED .
TO LET — Partly farrlshed middle fl%t of nn
rooms and hath; rent reasonable. Apply
«aily between 1 :30 and S p. m.. 79 s^uui
Park.
ELLIS. 736^ — 6 or 8 rms.. finely furnished; va-
cated Oct. 1. Call bet. I i 4 p. m.. premises.
HANDSOMELY fur. modern flats. 4. S and 9
r.; ann; rent reaa.; 2 to S p. in. 434 Bartlttt.
5YRUP-QUART CAN WITH WANT ADVERTISEMENTS^RLTContinued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Irish music, songs and dances were
the special attraction of the Gaelic
Dancing Club last night at Scottish
Hall. The proceeds will be devoted
to aid St. Anthony's Church Fair, Oak
land.* The hall was crowded with peo
ple who thoroughly appreciated the
hornpipes, jigs and reels, while the
songs and recitations received hearty
applause. In the audience were Cap
tain W. S. O'Donnell and Commandant
Jcubert of South Africa. Captain
O'Donnell made a short address. Some
fancy jig dances were given by Bessie
and Hazel Allen, J. J. O'Connell and
Joseph P. Kelleher. songs by Miss An
nie Rooney and Miss Sannie ; Kruger,
and. recitations by Miss Marie" Kenny,
completed the entertainment.
Gaelic Club Entertains.
The Stanislaus Power Company
yesterday filed articles of incorpora
tion, stating as its purpose to do a
general light, power and heating busi
ness in the towns and villages of this
State. The capital stock of the corpo
ration is 55,000,000, divided Into 50,
000, shares, one share each having
been subscribed by the following di
rectors: Sidney Sprout, J. P. O'Brien,
Max L*. Rosenfeld, E. E. Peabody and
J. A. Thomas. San Francisco is given
as the chief place of business.
Eugene S. Watson, the attorney for
the corporation, said last evening that
certain water and other riehts have
been acquired. It is the purpose of
the company to distribute light and
power in the central counties of Cal
ifornia. . The incorporators are resi
dents of San Francisco, with the ex
ception of jv : aV Thomas, who is - from
Los Angeles. • V^
Business Will Be to ( Supply Cities and
Towns in the Central Califor
nia Counties.
INCORPORATE COMPANY
FOR POWER AND LIGHT
SALES.
j Morning Session.
1000 Oil City Petroleum 56
100 Monte Crl3to «, . . . 61
Afternoon Session.
COO Oil City Petroleum 56
10 Twenty-Eight Oil 10 00
Axiniiig otocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha 16 200 Mexican 1 30
300 Alta 06 50 Mexican .125
100 Andes 27 100 Ophlr 2 50
200 Andes 26 10 Ophlr 2 15
100 Belcher 33 SCO Overman .... 20
200 Best & Belch.l ao 1400 Savage 35
200 Bullion 26 200 Sierra Nev 40
300 Caledonia .... 57 fifo Sierra Nev. ... 41
100 Challenge ... 23 BOO Union Con . 4S
300 Chollar 21 200 Utah 12
500 Con Cal *: V.I 85 100 Yellow Jacket 24
250 Con Cal & V.I 90 oacKei. i*
Afternofin Session.
400 Alpha 17| 100 Halo & Norc. 61
200 Alta 081 200 Mexican 1 ->5
300 Andes 26) 200 Ophlr 2 50
200 Best & Belch.l 251 100 Ophlr 2 55
" 200 Bullion 20 1C0 Overman 21
200 Caledonia .... 56 400 Potosl ....... is
100 Challenge ... 23 300 Savage -36
100 Chollar 23 100 Sierra Nev. ... 40
1000 Chollar 22 200 Sierra Nev. ... 39
400 Con Cal & V.I 85 400 Union Con.... 48
500 Gould & Cur. 25 200 Yellow Jacket. 25
100 Hale & Norc. 62f
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Oct. 7—3 p. m.
BId.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 17 IS Julia 08 10
Alta 07 09 Juatice on u
Andes 25 27 Kentuck 05 06
Belcher 34 36 Lady Wash ..02 04
Best & Belch.l 25 1 30 Mexican ......1 25 1 30
Bullion 25 26 Occidental „.. 78 80
Caledonia .... 55 57 Ophlr 2 50 2 B5
Challenge ... 22 24| Overman 20 «>2
Chollar 21 22| Potosl 17 xg
Confidence. . . .1 00 1 10 Scorpion . OS 00
Con Cal & V.I 80 1 85 Savage. ....... 35 37
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sejr Belcher... 11 13
Con NY 06 07 Sierra Nev 3$ 30
Crown Point.. 14 IB Silver Hill 62 54
E.Slerra Nev 03 C6 St. Louis 08 —
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate .... 03 05
Exchequer ... 55 67 Union Con.... 48 40
Gould & Cur. 24 25! Utah 12 1?
•Hale & Norc. 60 65! Yellow Jacket! 25 26
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran-
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Adams Ill 100 Mont Ton . 1 85
1000 C Eureka.. 1 37V,\ 100 Sandstorm 2?
200 Diamondfleld. 4311000 Ton Belmont G.1
250 Goldfleld Mln 69 500 Ton Gold Mt.' 15
100 Jumbo 71 5000 Ton Gold Mt. 14
200 Jumbo 73 1200 Ton Midway 44
1000 Jumbo 70 1500 Ton Midway.. 41
100 Mont Ton ...1 80
Afternoon Session.
100 C. Eureka..l 37%| 100 Mont Ton. 1 87*4
300 Jumbo ...... 74| 1000 Ton Midway 45
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask.l dm A «v
Adams 11 li| Mizpab; Exten 07 _
Colehan — C5 Mont Ton ...1 35 1 an
Columbia 25 26 N , Y Ton ... — 05
Diamondfleld. 43 — Paymaster ... 03 - rn
Ksperanza ... 01 02 Pine Grove .>'io _
Eula Con .... 04 — Ray Exten . . — 08
Gold Anchor. 15 — Ray & O'Brien 08 10
Goldfleld BB1 09 — Ray Ton 08 —
Goldfleld B&B 15 — Red Top .. 1 ir
Goldfleld Mln 66 70 Rescue ...... 11 -
Goldfleld Mhk 15 16 Sandstorm . - •>« "
Goldfleld S Pk — 18 Ton Belmont 61 ««
Coldfleld Ton. 11 — Ton&CaJ ... _ ™
LATE SHIPPING IXTELUGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, Oct. 7.
Bktn Coronado. Potter. 39 days from Hono
lulu.
DOMESTIC PORT.
VICTORIA— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Nevadan, for
Honolulu, via Seattle and Tacoma.
COSMOPOLIS— Sailed Oct 7— Schr Roy
Somers, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORT.
Colonel Stephen P. Jocelyn will rep
resent General MacArthur at the
launching of the Intrepid at Mare
Island to-day.
Colonel J. B. Kerr, who has been in
the General Hospital since the ar
rival of the last transport on Septem
ber 15, is so far improved that he was
able to call on General MacArthur
yesterday. It will be three weeks be
fore he will be able to proceed to
Governors Island, N. Y., to assume
his duties there as chief of staff.
The Twenty-first Infantry, Captain
Charles A. Williams commanding, is
scheduled to arrive here November
4. This will permit the Twenty-eighth
Infantry, Colonel W. L. Pitcher, to
depart on the day following. The
Twenty-eighth will, in all probability,
go into camp a few days prior to
their departure, in order that .their
present quarters may be put in readi
ness for the new arrivals.
Captain W. C. Wren reported to
General MacArthur yesterday and
took up his duties as assistant to Col
onel W. S. Patten, chief quartermaster
of this department.
Major G. McK. Williamson, quar
termaster's department, will leave
with his wife and son next Wednes
day for Chicago.
The third squadron. Ninth Cavalry,
returned to the Presidio yesterday
and went into the cantonment former
ly occupied by the Tenth Infantry.
The troopers have been away from the
post about three months. They left
for Camp Atascadero early in July.
When that camp broke up they
marched up to Ord Barracks, where
theV have been at target practice ever
since. Colonel E. A. Godwin preceded
them to the Presidio. They will pull
up stakes here and depart for the
East on October 22.
Their place is to be filled by the
second squadron, Fourth Cavalry,
which will leave Its present post at
Leavenworth on the 15th. The in
coming squadron is in command of
Colonel Cunliffe H. Murray. Captains
Tyree R. Rivers, Robert A. Brown
and Lewis M. Koehler will also come
with the troopers.
Ninth Cavalry Arrives From Sojourn
at Atascadero and Target Prac
tice at Oitl Barracks.
California Stock and OH Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Cert 19
Caribou 4 2T» 5 50
Claremont 77"-4 80
*>>"«¦ 56' 68
Home 1 10 1 25
Independence 27 29
Junction '. . 02 04
Monte Crlsto ([5
Occidental of W. Va 02 04
Oil City Petroleum 65 56
Sovereign 32
Sterling 2 50 3 00
Thirty-Three s 25
Twenty-Eight 10 50 15 00
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater 6 75
Northern Cal Power 8 50 9 75
RETURNS TO PRESIDIO
AFTER A LONG OUTING
Mrs. E. L. "Wempel, the president of
the society, reported that the last six
months had been the best financially
in foreign mission work. Dr. A. E.
Sturge presented a graphic and in
structive account of Japan's advance
ment, both in education and Chris
tianity. The Rev. W. L. Schmalhorst
told of Chile's progress, described her
Government schools, her polytechnic,
her normal, j mining: and agricultural
schools and the liberty given her peo
ple.
Mrs. P. D. Brown, in the course of
some pertinent remarks before the
San Francisco Presbyterial Society of
Foreign Missions, yesterday said that
she believed all the countries of the
world would one day be republics and
for that reason America is being
watched. Therefore, Mrs. Brown
said, it behooves America to be care
ful as to what comes out of her home
and social life.
Mrs. P. D. Brown Makes Prophecy
and Says That America Is Being
Watched.
PREDICTS Alii NATION'S
WII/L YET BE REPUBLICS
$2.00 buys a card Index drawer. 500
record cards and 25 guide cards. Loose
leaf ledgers, price books and good print
ing. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st.«
Card Systems and Cabinets.
POWDER.
Giant 64 e4V6lVlgorlt — 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 64>4 65 Makawell C. 2S?g 29
Honokaa S C 15«* 15& Onomea S C. 27% 29
Hutch S P C 9% 10 I Paauhau S C. 15^4 —
Kllauea S C. — 4%|
M I SCELL ANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 126 — | Oceanic S Co. 2Vi 3
Cal F C A. 99»4100 Pac Aux FA. 4ft —
Cal AVine A. 83 84 Pac C Borx.156 —
MV& MtTm. — 105 Pae S Tel Co.112^115
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Spring Valley Water Co 38 12V4
$5,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s.. 98 62»£
$2,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. 105 00
$2,000 S P of C 6 per cent (1912) 11* 00
$2,000 S P of C 6 per cent (1906) .104 25
$2,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). 109 87tf
$10,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 101 25
Street — -»
10 California-St Cable R R 197 50
$2,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent 112 00
Afternoon Session. "
Board —
50 Central Light & Power 3 75
100 Hutchinson S P Co 10 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 15 3"i£
SO Spring Valley Water Co 38 12^
$1,000 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 5s. e 3. 98 75
$2,000 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 5s OS 75
Street —
$5,0C0 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 5s.... 98 75
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
B L Wat 6s.ll3 llS&IS P C R 4s. 101 K 102
Cal NW 5s.. 110 — |S P Co 4^8.101 V1102
M C Wat 5s. 100 — I Sun Tel 6s.. .113 —
RIs I Wks 5s — 105 I Suttr-st R5s.lO4 —
SF Drdk 5s.ll2 — I UR of SF 4s. S3 83}i
SF & XP 5s.ll2 — I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 2S»i|Lon& SF Bk. — CO
Amer Bis Co — 9<J | Mat Nav Co. — 89 T 4
Cal Cot Mils 80 — | Nev Nat Bk 105
Cal G&ECor. 46^ 4S I N S R R Co. 0U —
C Jockey C1.112Mr — N Cal P Co. — QV,
Cal Powder. 130 145 | Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 | Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T. — 155 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 Orpheum Co.. — 16t4
Chutes Co.. SV, a PacC Cas Co. 125 —
City & C Bk — 120 I Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6%IParaf Paint.. 39 —
East Dynm.. — 375 | S F Drydock — 65
DpntPwd pfd — 87%|SF&SJ Coal.. 17*4 20
Do com .. 30 37 % I S J Wat Co.103^4 —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — | SO & MTgbt.125 — -
Fischer Thtr 05c 35c Swlss-A Bk..ll5
Frnch-A Bk.lOS — T*- — '- Elect.. — .12%
Gap Con A.. 15 20 UR InC pfd. 56% 57
Hono P Co.. 24 — Do com ... 1214 —
Do pool .. — 28
Morning Session.
Board —
600 United R R Inv Co pfd 56 75
150 United R R Inv Co pfd 56 G2U.
$5,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 83 25
Street —
$31,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 83 25
Henry E. "Bothln (owner) with Keatinge &
Leonard (contractors), architects Frank S. Van
Trees and J. D. Gal loway— Concrete work for
Atlas building on Jot on NW line of Mission
street, 25 W of Second, W 45 by NW 60:
$2686.
John H. Baden (owner) with Ira W. Coburn
(contractor), architects O'Brien & Werner —
All work for a two-story and basement frame
bulldln- on lot on SE corner of Sacramento
and Presidio streets, S 82:7% by E 25, Western
Addition 622; J790O.
H. J. Drewes (owner) with Thomas F.
Mitchell (contractor), architect T. F. Mitchell —
All work for a two-story frame building (flats)
and movine old building on lot on W line of
Treat avenue. 120 S of Twenty-fourth street,
S 25 by W 112:6; $4700.
Ida S. Lewis (owner) with Gray Bros, (con
tractors), architect Nathaniel Blalsdell — Exca
vation, pumping, bulk-heading, concrete work,
asphalting, cementing, etc.. for a three-story
brick building 1 , with basement, on the S cor
ner of Bryant and Zoe streets, SW 125 by SE
1C5; ?790O.
Security Savings Bank (owners) with Yaw
man & Erbe Manufacturing Company of New
York (contractors), architect same — Metaf work
and finish of vault case omnibus and desk, etc.,
for banking-room for a two-story and base
ment building on the E line of Montgomery
rtreet, 137:6 S of California, E 68:9 by S 40;
$1040.
Margaret C. Hannon (owner) with Currle A
Currle (contractors), architect J. E. Kraft —
All work for a two-story frame building (two
flats) on the W line of Flllmore street, 95 3
of Fell, S 27:6 by W 100; $7082.
William M. Burge (minor) by George Burge
(guardian) to Gustaf F. Hammar undivided
2-21 of lot 5, block 114, University Home
stead: $200.
Julius C. Rels to George H. Wlelen, lot 6.
block 4. Rels Tract; grant.
Mary H. and Elbridge J. Bailey and Mary
I. Connell to Elizabeth F. Devaney (wife of
B. J.). lot on SE line of Edinburgh street,
225 NE of Persia, NE 25 by SE 100, block
46, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Jane Watson to Luke and Evelina Leary,
lot 1540. Gift Map 4; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Mer
rltt, administratrix) to same, lot on NW cor
ner of Forty-eighth avenue and Fulton street,
W 240 by N 600; also lot on NW corner of
Forty-eighth avenue and C street. W 240 by
N 000: also lot on NW corner of Forty-seventh
avenue and C street. W 240 by N 600; also
lot on NW corner of Forty-sixth avenue and
C street, W 240 by N 600; also lot on NE
corner of Forty-eighth avenue and Fulton
street, E 240. N 450. W 120, N 60. W 12:6,
N 100. W 107:6, S 600; also lot on NW corner
of Forty-eighth avenue and B street. W 240
by N 331; also lot on NW corner of Forty
seventh avenue and B street. W 240 by N
261; also lot on NW corner of Forty-sixth
avenue and B street. W 240 by N 261; $158,120.
Thomas J. Barbour to Albert Meyer, same;
$10.
Edwin D. McKerrlcher to Russell A. Mc-
Kerricher. lot on S line of H street. 82:6
W of Eighteenth avenue, W 25 by S 100, and
property out of county; $10.
George L. Woodford to Lena 'Chrlstensen
(wife of Andrew), lot on E line of Forty- first
avenue. 150 S of K street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Bertha
E. Ziegenfuss. lot on W line of Forty-third
avenue, 100 N of O street, N 200 by W 120;
Annie Thompson (Peterson) to Jacob Weiss
beln, lot 221, Heyman Tract, quitclaim
deed; $1.
John Center to John V. and Fredericka Op
pel, lot on SW corner of Twentieth and York
streets. S 27 by W 100; $10
Minnie S. and W. T. Thomson to Female
Religious of the Order of St. Dominic, lot on
E line of Fair Oaks street 106 S of Twenty
fourth. S 32 by E 125; $10.
Henry A. and Mary Arnold to Alexander
Zaic. lot on N line of Twenty- eighth street,
2S0 W of Guerrero, W 30 by N 114; $10.
James C. Cathe, Charles T. Arthur, T. and
Charlotta L. Winslow, Elizabeth Stark and
Murgaret Benedict to George F. Winslow, lot
on E line of Sanchez street, 195 N of Twenty
third, N 65 by E 117:6; lot on SW line of
Tenth st. 240 SE of M, SE 120 .by SW 100,
block 208. Central Park; lot on S corner
Eleventh avenue and F street, SE 75 by SW
200. block 234, South San Francisco: $10.
Charles Peyser to Hattle Peyser, lot on W
lin-» of Sanchez street, 101:6 S of Twenty
eiKhth. S 25 by W 105; gift.
Sarah A. Maclay (Barr) to Frances E.
Blood, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street,
22S :4 E of Douglass, N 114 by E 51:8; $1.
Arabella E. Pincard et al. to Eyre Invest
ment Co.. lot on SW corner Sutter and
Kearny streets 8 52:6 by W 66:11,
lot on E line of Sansome street. 37:6 S of
Pine, S 60 by E 68:9; lot on NW .line of
Howard street. 297 SW of Third, SW 43 by
NW 80; lot on E corner of Fourteenth avenue
and K street, SE 150 by NE 100. block 269,
South San Francisco Homestead; lot on S
line of Sutter street, 50 W of Leavenworth,
W 50, S 137:6, E 100. N 8-6. W 50, N 129; $10.
James F. Brown to Thomas and John Brown,
lot on NE line of Gilbert street, 80 SE of
Bryant. SE 22:6 by NE 90; $10.
William A. and Grace C. Lange to Samuel
Slmmen, lot on E line Sixth avenue, 437 N
of Lake street, N 32 by E 120; $10.
Oscar Heyman to Jacob Heyrnan Co., lot
on SE corner C and Thirty-second streets, E
120 by S 300; $10.
Charles W. Sutro to Thomas J. Barbour, lot
on NE corner Fulton street and Forty-eighth
avenue, E 240, N 450, W 120, N 50, W 12:8,
N 100. W 107:6. S 600; $10.
Emma M. Smith to Frank A. Smith, lot on
E line of Laguna fltreet, 87:6 S of Halght,
E 87:6 by S 26; $10
J. M. and Caroline M. Miller to Angelo C.
and Mary Dellepiane, lot on W line of Web
ster etreet. 50 S of Filbert, S 25 by W 100;
$10.
Harris Anlxter to Louis H. and Benjamin
Anlxter. undivided two-thirds of lot on E line
of Devisadero street 87:6 N of O'Farrell. N
25 by E 100; $10. '
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Hermann C. J. and Wllhelmina C.
Borjes, lot on E line of Broderick street 100
S of Hayes, S 25 by E 106:3; $10.
Henry C. Nielsen to Henrietta C. Harper
(wife of William), re-record 20S1 D. 67. lot
on E line of Boyce street. 275 N of O*ary. N
2."i by E 120; $10.
S. P. Nielson and Henrietta C. Harper to
Peter J. Keyes. re -record 2073 D. 257, same;
$10.
Soren P. and Bessie Nielsen to same., lot
on E ilne of Boyce streeC 275 N of Point Lo
bos avenue. N 25 by E 120, quitclaim deed; $5.
Peter J. and Rosie C. Keyes to John P.
Court, game; $10.
Samuel D. and Emma Magnes to Walter R.
Lovegrove, lot on E line of Cole street. 25 N
Of Waller, N 25 by E 95; $10.
M. H. and Kate I de Young to William B.
Brown, lot on E line of Shrader street, 107:6
N of Hayes. N 30 by E 110; $10.
William B. Brown to Lizzie Brown, same;
gift.
James R. Carrlck to Ellen J. Carrlck, lot
on N line of Oak street. 62:6 E of Franklin,
E 85 by N 120; gift.
Hannah Tucker to Adolf P: H. Happ and
Louis D. Stoft. or L. Davis Stoff, lot on N
line of Grove street 27:6 W of Gough, W
27:6 by N 68:9; $10'
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 7.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Britons and Americans are concerned In the
propagation of the principles of civil and polit
ical liberty throughout the globe. England
and America may be rivals In trade and com
merce, but they must be cne when it comes to
the fostering of universal liberty.
Foreign Immigration alien to Anglo-Saxon
civilization Is in some degree responsible for
the absence of Intelligent Americanism. If I
read the history of the world arl»ht the
English-speaking race is the only one whicn
has shown the true genius for self-government.
E. W. Maslin spoke on "The Making
of -the American," during which he gave
statistics showing the nature and nu
merical strength of the Immigrants ar
riving in the United States. He said:
As the genius of the Anglo-Saxon has mas
tered the problems of political democracy, we
may look forward with confidence to see Eng
land and America go forward to united en
deavor to meet and solve the problems of the
future In the interest of a higher civilization.
In America and the British empire we find
more than 210.000,000 English speaking peo
ple enjoying more freedom than has ever been
possessed by any people under organized gov
ernment since the world began.
We find where the> British domination has
been extended to alien races there Is the be
ginning of an evolution toward representative
forms of government and Hie rurther exten
sion of freedom, as in India, where native
rule Is encouraged as fast as the people are
prepared for It, as Is the policy of the United
States in the Philippines.
This predominance of the principle of Anglo-
Saxon freedom has not been by force nor Is it
upheld by the strong arm of power, but rather
because it Is Ingrained in the nature of man.
The Anglo-Saxon race has lent its adminis
trative renius even to the nations of the
Orient, where it* influence is seen in the
dawning self-consciousness of China and the
awakened asolrattons of Japan.
The British and American Union had
a large gathering in the Academy of
Sciences Hall last evening, when ad
dresses were delivered by A. A. Deni
son, managing editor of the Oakland
Enquirer, and E. W. Maslin of the
Naval Customs at the Port of San
Francisco; Courtenay "W. Bennett, Con
sul General of Great Britain, and Dr.
D'Evelyn, president of the union.
The subject chosen by Mr. Denison
was "The Administrative Genius of
the Anglo-Saxon," and In beginning he
said that a political campaign, as a
rule, Is a busy time for the newspapers,
but the present campaign was not quite
so busy, as there was "no twisting of
the lion's tail for political purposes."
After reviewing the close relationship
between the two English speaking na
tions Mr. Denison said in part:
Vaudeville second part — Song and dance act.
Bert Talbot; "The Dude Coons," Lavell and
Appleton. The roaring farce, "Mush." with the
following cast of characters: The Boss, Eugene
Richards; the boy Harry O'Day; the ghost.
Charles Norton; boy bootblack. Introducing
beautiful harmonica solos. Ed Burke.
The roaring original farce, "Skinner's Hotel,
Tallapoosa, Florida"; a night station on the
Chattahoochee. Tallahassee and Pensacola Rail
road. Cast of characters: Joelah Skin
ner, the proprietor, «n route to bed,
Sidney 8. Peixotto; Helnrlch Schwetzenbauer.
a brewery agent, en route to Dutch Guiana,
Eugene Richards; Isaac P. W. McC. O'Rourke,
a drummer, en route to Hades, Abe Appleton;
Irving Terry, an actor, en route to a new en
gagement, Jatries Rogers; Jehosaphat Snod
grane, a farmer, en route to sell his crop of
hogs, Harry O'Day; Lord Herbert Chauncy
boy. an anarchist, en route to the Florida
water baths. Charles Norton; Johnny, a bell
boy, en route to a new Job. George Hammer;
John, another bell-boy, en route to another
Job, Gus Conlan; suddenly awakened guests,
by the rest of the company.
The chief attraction was the minstrel
show by the Columbia Park Boys* Club,
the clever youngsters giving an en
tertainment which would do credit to
professionals. In the pavilion an ex
cellent programme of songs and dances
was rendered. Special mention is due
Misses Mabel Ordway and Cecile
Cowles, who have acted as accompan
ists at the pavilion during the week.
Their services, gratuitously rendered,
were highly appreciated by all.
The entertainment, which has been in
progress for five days, will net a hand
some sum for a worthy cause. The
grounds were thronged daily, but there
was no solicitation. Visitors came and
went. If they chose to spend money
they received their money's worth in
return. If they did not care to loosen
their purse strings there was no com
plaint. On the whole the benefit has
been conducted in a manner most cre'd
itable to the teachers of the public
schools of the city and the committees
selected from their number who worked
hard and long to make it a success.
The programme In the theater yester
day was as follows:
Old-time minstrel first part— Bones, Abe
Appleton and • Eugene Richards; interlocutor.
Sidney 8. Peixotto; tambourines — Harry O"Day
and Georsre Hammer; overture. "Medley of
Ethiopian Serenaders' Choruses," Columbia
Park -Boys' Club Minstrels; comic song, "Old
Zip Coon." Harry O'Day; ballad. "Poor, Old
Slave."* Charles Norton; ballad. "Old Dog
Tray." Joseph Bernard; comic song, "Walk.
Jaw-Bone. Walk." George Hammer; ballad
duet, "Old Cabin Home." Bert Talbott and
Adolf Muhelm; comic song, • "Willie's Wishes."
Eugene Richards; comic song, "Keep In the
Middle of the Road," Abe Appleton: conclud
ing with an old-time "doo-dah" walk around.
Although the weather was unpropl
tious at least six thousand persons vis
ited the Chutes yesterday afternoon
and did their share to swell the Teach
ers' Annuity and Benefit Fund. Leaden
skies presaged rain and at the hour
when afternoon pleasure-seekers usual
ly leave their houses a light rain was
falling. This did not deter the friends
of the teachers from Journeying to the
Chutes and those who did not fear the
wrath of Jupiter Pluvius were well re
warded by the excellent entertainment
in the theater and the pavilion.
E. W. Maslin Credits English
Speaking Race With True
GenmsforSelf-Government
Annuity Fund Substantially
Aided by Those Who Ap
preciate Work of Tutors
DISCUSSES ANGLO-SAXON
GOODLY SUM REALIZED
Scholars, Teachers and Their
Friends Visit the Chutes
and Are Well Rewarded
Editor A. Denison Tells
British - American Union
Why Campaign Is Quiet
Gold Mt Con. — 021 Ton Exten ..1 60 1 80
Han M M&S — 10 Ton Gold Mt. 14 16
Han Mut Co 10 — Ton Midway.. 43 45
Hazel Kirk .. — 12 1 Ton of Nev.8 00 8 12%
Jim Butle r .. _ eo Ton N Star... 10 —
Jumbo 70 — Utopia 10 ~
Little Ton ..25 — West End ... 15 17
MacNamara . 34 37
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money. ..88 9-161 N Y Central 133 ,2?
Do acct 88 11-181 Nor & Western... <•*%
Anaconda 5%\ Do P M 5?*/
Atchlson 85H Ont & Western... 35|£
DoPW 102H Pennsylvania .... 68%
Bait & Ohio 92% Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 135H Reading »?n
Ches & Ohio 45 Do 1st pfd 44
Chi Great West.. 17 Do 2d pfd »»%
Chi. Mil & St P.. 170% So Railway S3W,
De Beers is%| Do pM °'7a
Den & Rio G 29Vi!So Pacific COVi
Do pfd..., 83% Union Pacific IO.j'X,
Erie 33% Do pH Jl'
Do 1st pfd 70% U S Steel ISii
Do 2d pfd...... 48 Do pfd '«9»
111 Central 140% Wabash 21
Louis & Nash 130% Do pfd 42
M. K & Texas... 25% Spanish 4s 87
Bar silver— Steady. 26%i per ounce.
Money — l@l% per cent.
The rate o f discount In the open market for
short bills is 27 l-lttij?27U per cent" and for
three months' bills 2%@2Vi per cent.
NO TWISTING
OF LION'S TAIL
DAY OF MIRTH
DESPITE RAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1904.
14
2 AgVEatTISEMEXTS.
Ij CALIFORNIA
Ilimited to Chicago!
m LEAVES MONDAYS md THURSDAYS N
raat O:3O m. m., thron^li la 3 d»ys,fl
rawith diner and all trappla**. M
BL— r-tfnilHIfMWWWWBHI^ aJ3
Other Santa p« Trains t
9:30 a. m! I tor Stockton. Fresno. Bakeraflald.
8:00 p. m.J Merced. Hanford and Vlaalia.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon aad
¦ '..-"-__ - Chicago.
TICKET OITICES— €41 Karkrt St. aad
rerry Depot. S. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 97 Sontn Pint St,
San Jose.
i
jPpffli^jfgp To SAN RAFAEL,
p^^MI ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
12jgeKiFJHroS5i l £2f i vi» S»u»»Uto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
T»*Dart from San Francisco, dally, at t7:03,
7-45 8^25 9™0 9:50. " :0 ° »• m -~ I:45 . 3-U.
I'll: 5Vl3. 6:«>. 6:30, 7:15. 9:00 and 11:35
B - A ™- lv . - t San Francisco, dally, at t«:40.
».««•« 8'BO 9:35. 10:5O a. m.; 1:30. 2:33.
R^ l F.IrlS?dSS? l S 7:45 a. m. : also S. t -
urdaye at "l5 p. m.. and daily except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7-4S a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
3:15 p. n»-» Saturdays only— For Cazadero.
-t 8"-15 P »•• d * ll3r ' except Sa^rday and Sun-
Wnontt Market st.
FEBRT— Union Depot. loot ot Market St.
RAILWAY TRAVETi.
>»<*f~i5**5>. Trains le»Te and MX9 «!«•
L°^P)z]8AN FRANCISCO.
\> *2^ (Toot of Market Street.)
M^t» — MAIN LINE. - *b»i7T
700a VacaTllle. Winters, Ilu'moey 7 60»
7.00a Benlcla, Elmlra anil Sacramento.. 7.20f»
7 -30a Vallejo, Napa, Csltatoe*. Sanu
Kosa. Martinez. Saa Ramon 820>
730* Nlles, Trscy. L»throp, Stockron.... 7.23^
8.00A Shstt* Express— (Vis DaTti).
¦Wllltanu, Willows, tFroto. Ited
Blnrr. Portland, Tacoma. Seattle 753»
8 00a DbtIs. Woodland. KntKhts Landing.
MarysTllle. Orovllle 7.80»
8-30A Fort COita, Martinez. Antloco,
Bjron, Tracy. Stockton, New-
man. Los Banos, M e n d o t a.
Armons, Hsnford. VI sal la,
Porterrllle- 4.20*
830a port Costa. Modesto. Merced.
Fresno. Gosneo Junction, Ban-
ford. Vlsalla. Bakersdeld 4 50«>
8 30 a Nile*. San Jose. Llvermore. Stock-
ton. (tMllton). lone, Sacrsmento,
MwyiTllle. Cnico. Red Bluff .... 420P
8 3OAOs4d»le. Chinese, Jamestown, So-
nor*. Taolnmne sad Angels 420»
8 00a Atlantic Express— Ogden sndKsst. 5 20»
8 -30a Richmond. Mmlnez snd Way
8t»tlon« 8-5O
1000A Tne Overland Limited — orien.
Omaba. Chicago, Deafer, Kansaa
City. St. Louis • 5-20»
1000a Vallejo „ 12.2Q*
1000a Lo» Angeles Fauencsr — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron, Trser.
Luthrop. Stockton, Merced,
Riymond. Fresno, Ooshen Juno
tlon, Hsnford, Lemoore, VlsaUa.
Bakersoeld. tos Angeles Jig*
12.00m Haywtrd. Nilei sad Way Stations. 3.20*
ti Q0»» 8acr»mento Rlror Steamers_ 1 1 1.00*
3-30P Banlcla, Winters. Sacrament*
Woodland. Knlgnts Landing-.
MarysTllle. OtotIIU and w»y
stations 'S'SS*
J-30p Htrwsrd, Nil et sad Wsy Station!.. 7-50*
4 COp Mtrttnes.San It»raon. V»neJo,K»pa,
„„_ Caliitoga. Ssata Rota -IsS*
4-OOp KHes. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 1 2 - 22*
4 30p HiTwird, Nlles. Irrlnston. Saa I 13.50a
_ __ Jose. Ltrermore I ill. 50.*
•XOPTbo Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Bsnos, M endow, Fresno. TuUrs,
„__ BakersOeld. Los Ant-eles 8-50*
15 -30p Hsywsrd. Ntles and ban Jots 72 3*
8X0p Hay ward. Nlles snd Saa Joie 9 SO*
8-OOp Eastern Express— Omana. Chicago.
Dearer. Kansas City. St. Louis,
Martines. Stockton, Sacramento.
Colfax, Reno. Sparks. Tonopaa.
... Keeler, Ogden 12.80*
I.OOp Vsllejo, dally, except Sunday.. .. t 7 sn -
7-00P Vallejo, Sunday only f / ' 0UP
7 OOP Klcnmond, Ban Pablo. Port Coita,
Martinez snd Wsy Station* 11204
t.OSPFon Costa, Martinez, Byroa.
Truer. Lathrop, Modesto,
Merced, Berenda. Fresno aad
Wsy Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20*
8-OSp Tosemite Yalley. via Berend* and
Wawona (Monday, Wednesday
and Friday) 8.50*.
B.OBp Manlnes. Trscy. Stockton 10.20a
fi O&p Oregon * California Express— Sao-
ramento, MsrysTllle, Reddtag,
Portland. Puget Sound and Sast. 8-504
B.IOp Hayward. Nlles and Saa Jose (San-
dayonly) 11.S0a
COAST LINE (Harrow «».*•>.
, (Foot of MurHet Street.) _
8-1 B A Newark. Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, SanU
Cruz and Wsy Stations 6-559
t2-15P Newark. CentervUle, San Jose,
New Almaden.Los Gatos.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations ttO-SSA
4.1BpHew«rk. Saa Jose. Los Gatos...<j *]§.'Hj
a9 30p Hunters' Train (Saturday only) —
San Jo«f and Way Stations 17-25i»
COAST LINE (Uroad Oauxe).
\ rjT* (Third and Townsend Streets.)
f.lOA Ban Jose and Way Stations 6 30»
-00a San Joae and Way Stations 5 40f»
8 00a New Almaden (Tues.. FrlJ.. only). 4-1 Qs»
8-OOa Tne Cuaster — ban Jote. Salinas,
San Ardo, Paso Bobles. Sanu
Margarita, San Luis Oblipo,
Guadalupe, Gavlota, Santa Bar-
bara, San Buenaventura, Mon-
talvo, Oxnard, Burbtnk, Los
Angeles 10-30»
8-OOa GUroy. llollister. CattroTllle, Dei
Monte, Paclnc Grove, Surf, Lon>
poc 10-30?
8.00a San Jose. Tres Ptnos.Watsonvtne.
Capitola, Sanu Cruz, Pacific
Grove, Salinas. San Lult ObUpo
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4-10»
10.30a San Jote and Way Stations 1 20p
1130a San Jose and W»y station* 7.30f>
2-15P ban Jose and Way Stations 8.38a
J.CCp Del Monte Kxpreta — Santa, Clara,
Ean Jose. Witioa»llle, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove 12 15»
13 OOp Los Gatoti, Wright. Boulder Creek,
Santa Crnz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge +10. 45a
•-3CP Valencia St.. South San Francisco,
Burllngame. San Jote. Ullroy,
Hollltter. Tres Plnos in 4^4
4-30P Pan Jose and Way Stations -fit qqa
tB-OOP Santa Clara, San Jote. Lot liatos.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) +9 00a
|5-30p SanJoteandPrtnctpalWayStstiont 19 40a
S48p Sunset Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Jote, GUroy.Sallnaa.Paso Hoblea,
San Lnlt Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. l>ein!ne. El Paso.
St. LouK New Orleans, XewTork 910*
6-45pPa]aro, WatsonTille. Capitola,
Santa Crua. CastroYlUe, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove 10 309
18-1 5> £auMateo,Beretford,Beltnoni.8aa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t8-4S*
8 SOp San Jote and Way Stations. 8.38a
8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10. Jt*
1 1 .30p S outh San Francisco, M Ulbrae. Bur-
Ungame, San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos, Kedwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto t9 4S»
«1130p Hayfleld. Mountain View. Sunny- Ia '* a *
rale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
Son Jose i9.48»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ""^
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only
c Saturday only. • Monday only.
{Slops at all statloas on Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Terry — root ot Mariat Stxe«t«
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN BA7AXO*.
"WEEK DATS— 7:30, »:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:30, 3:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, tria
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:80 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 5:30.
5:00, 6:20. 11:30 d. m.
SAN BAPAEI, TO SAN 7SANCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:08, 7:35. 7:80. 9:20. 11O4
a. m. : 12:5O. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. ra.
Saturdays — Extra trio at 2:03 and 6:35 p. ra,
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:13 a, m.; l;40, 3:40l
4:05. S:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect Arrive
Ban Francisco. jOct. 2. 1904.] Han Frandscq.
Week, I Sun- I Sua- I 'Week
Days. I days. ] Destination. day*. I Day*.
7 :30am 8 :00am 9:10am S:40ans
9730am Ignacio 10:40am 10:20am
3:30pm 3:3Optn 6:03pm (J-.iOpaa
6 :10pm 5:00pm 7:35pm
7:30am 9:10aial 8:40aai
8:00am Novato 10:40am 10:20am
3:30pm 9:30am Petahima 6:05pm 6:20pxa
5:10pm 3:30pm and 7:33pm
8:00pm Santa Rosa
7:30am 10:40am 10:20an*
8:00am Fulton 7:33pm 8:20psa
8:30pm 3:30pm _
.{ . '¦ Windsor
7:30am 8:00am Heaidsburc 10:40am 10 :20am
Lytton
8:30pm 3:30pm Geyservills- 7:S3pra fl:20pn» .
Cloverdale
7:30am| 8:00am! Hopland |10:40am|10:20ani
8:3Opm| 3:3Opml and Uklah | 7:33pm[ 8:20pm
j I Wlllita and I I
7:3Oam| 8:0Oam[ Sherwood | T:S3pm| e:20pta
7 -30am! 8:0<>am| I10:40am|10:20aai
3:3Opm| 3:3Opm| Qaeroevllle | 7:35pm| tt:S0pni
7-30am| 8 :00am I Sonoma I 9 :10am I 8:40am
5:10pm! 5:00pm[ Glen Ellen | «:05pm| fl :20pm
7:3Oaral 8:00am! |10:40am|10:20asx
8:30pm| 3:."0pm! S«bastopol | 7:33pm; 6:20pm
STAGES connect at Green Bra* for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Kosa for Wait* Stilphu?
Springs and Mark West Sprlnsrs; at Lytton for
Lytton 8prln»:s: at Geyservllle for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncaa
Sprina-s, Highland Springs. Kels«yvtlle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlatt
Springs and Lake Co. Hot Springs; at Uklah
for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blu»
Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Sprtngs. Up-
per Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Lierly's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights. Hulivllle. Orr*s Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Wllllta
for Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for F"ort
Bragg. Cahto. Covelo, Laytonville, Cum*
mlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris. Hubbard. Fruit-
land. Dyer.' Garbervllle, Camp 5, Pepperwood.
Ecotta and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip ticketa to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Caronlela
building.
JAS. L. FBAZIER. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art-
MT. TAMALPAISgAILWAY
It. Saa franates _gniL jr. Saa fhaeun '
*'<• Pi r» 5ttSd *J» &*2iiEl^ SnBd *J» .yjUJpT
9:50a 9:50a V§£^£@/ 3:55p 3:53i-
11:OOa T&2S'w&7 4:23p ...'.
l:45p 1:45p Ve^QT 6:'.J?:» e-'s";""
U * a H7*i>* l ?Jp«- Jatordays llTfaF"
•TiaCrantTCar KV-TMalpaatoaiaTiUty
£$S5« ! 65^ N o lARKKT ST M (North Shore Railroad)
BIKCB } and Sausaltto Fgiutv. Foot Market Sc
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAJt,
ttO OMS rOB = ?*?. SE "? I "J?r I -5St''.-
EDDTT. 71^.— Fine houutkeeping suite; gas
range, y»rJ. phone.
ELOP* PABX f>4 — Unfurnished double par-
lor;"; :Vgru:ar kitchen; runny; modern; adults.
FOIT.TU. ;i5— Nice bouseki-ci>tnR rooms; also
s!rr> roooiris.
GEAKY. ?'"2 — Fur^Ishrd rooms for hou»rke»p-
tng: a!»o tiiucl*.
GEARY. 122f> — Completely furnished room for
SouMkeeplns; eunny bay window; bath: ma-
rine "lew; h-Iso 3-i-Jom cottace; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ivc. ail — Unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping:: also single and suites. *
GOLDEN GATK «ve., ti3l — Nice sunny single
room lor housekeeping.
GOLl'EN GATE ave.. 522 — Sunny aicove. $18;
S large rooms, $20; single room. $11.
JACKSON. 910 — Three complete, sunny, out-
side twmi for houmekceplne.
JESBIE. 32S— Laix* tunny front room; gas
range, water; $3 SO week; othor room*, cheap.
JOICE, 14. near Pine ttid Powell— Two un-
furnished' connecting roorr.s; sunny, modern
bouse: quiet family; no other roomers: house-
keeping if desired.
KEVILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunoy apartments; steam heat; cen loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed. eUrstrlo lighted; free baths; rates reas.
MARKET. 1122— A suite of rooma for $16.
MATBELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness — Sunny
turn. 2 and 3 room Van Ness suites; bath.
MCALLISTER. °10 — Large alcove and house-
keeping rooms'; nicely furnished and sunny.
MINNA. 2S1. corner Fourth— Furnished sunny
housekeeping; also front and single; cheap.
MTNNA. 454A (rear) — 2 cheap furnished rooms
for taou»ek©eplzia'.
OAK 117— Complete for housekeeping, $3 to
$12'; gas range; not bath; adults.
POET. 1416 — Two nicely furnished, sunny
housekeeping rooms; $15; no children.
POWELL. 710 — Floor of 3 sunny furnished
rooms; <ras range; adults: reasonable.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— Parlor floor: 5 elegantly
furnished sur.ny rooms; placo; phone; appre-
ciated If «een.
BCOTT. 300. NE. cor. Page — Newly furnished.
SHOTWELL. €25 — Tro sunny furnished rooms
for llglit housekeeping-: bath.
TWENTY- FOURTH. 3174—2 or 3 rooms for
housekeeping, wlih gas range.
VAN NESS sve.. 232— Furnished 2-room suite;
1 single; housekeeping; tig. S16. $12: adults.
A.PABTMEHT HOUSES.
ST. LOUIS* 1575 Jackson — Marine view; 3-4-f
rooms; furn. or unfur.; refs. Tel. East 1350.
ROOMS TO 3LET— Para, aad Uafnrn.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to f 1 per nijrht. $1 25 to $5 per week aad
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market Et. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Kocmi, 25c. 60c. $1, $1 60 night;
$1 6u to $10 week; house open all night.
EELMOND House, over Owl drug store, 2 en-
tranres, 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights; running water In every room;
roon:e; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH, 1336 — To let. furnished room, suitable
for gentleman. j
CHUHCH. 156A. near Market— Sunny front '
room; $6. i
EDDY. 432— Nice single room In fine location; I
very reasonable. :
EIGHTH ave.. 574-578. near Golden Gate j
Park — Two sur.ny bay-window rooms; fur-
nished or unfurnished; reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
GRANT ave., 7 — Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; also single rooms. $2 to $8 week.
HAYES, 7b7 — Front and back parlor and two
single rooms and use of kitchen; gas, bath
and phone: call bet. 12 and 2 o'clock.
HOWARD. 715— Larse sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HYDE. 5u9— Nicely furnished, large room;
closet, bath, phone; fine location.
JES5IE. 3G3. east V. S. Mint— Large double
room, $10; single room, $6 mo.
JONES. 923. near Bush — Sunny front alcove
room, cozy corner. $20.
KEARNY 323— Two nicely furnished suites.
LARKIN. 1042— Two or three sunny, unfur-
nished roomt; running water.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521— Two or three rooms,
furnished or unfurnished, for housekpg. ; $10. 1
MARKET, 1019 (The Falmouth) — Sunny l
rooms; hot. cold water, elevator. ;
MASON, 514, near Sutter — Sunny rooms, suite j
or sinel**; modern; reasonable.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St.— TOO
tingle and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
$2 to $8 per week ; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
NINETEENTH. 3527 — Front room; furnished:
gentleman: two rooms, light housekeeping,
rent reasonable, in warm belt.
OAK. 124 — Elegant front room, lower floor;
private house; $10 month.
OAK. 407 — $5 month: newly furnished: bath;
large room and quiet; single gentleman.
OCTAVIA, 1157. Elis-st. car— Housekeeping
suites.
POWELL. 216, bet. O'Farrell and Geary—
Larce sunny rooms. $2 per week and up.
ROYAL HOUSE.12« Ellis — Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. JS to $30; elevator on ground
Boor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BT. RE<iIS. Hyde and Ellis— New house: new
furnishir.es; fresh and clean; hot and cold
•water; baths; everything sanitary; elevator i
service; if sunshine and cleanliness is tm :
object see these rooms; ?3 per week up. '
¦ STOCKTON. 41 and 45 — Nicely furniohed sun-
I ny frcnt roorr.s; also single. $1 50 to $6 week.
THE PT. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY- NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES BATHS
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SER-
VICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE; ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TAYLOR. 410— For two neat men room, with
or ulthout board.
THE Larrhmor.t. 061 Sutter— New brick bldg .
finely fumUhed: hot. cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 50 to $5 per week.
UNITED STATES. 12* Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms 35c to $1 night. $3 75 to $C week; elec-
tric lights (no eas). running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WEBSTER. 1632, near Sutter— Nicely fur-
nished, sunny front room; new fiat; gentle-
man.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms*
85; to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elee. I'.rht*; readlng-rocm; free bus; baggage.
WOLV House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rocras from 15c per night up.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st. fipposlte
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m,
BOOKS AXT2> BOARD.
FRANKLIN. 1C39— A large, sunny, front
room, suitable lor two; excellent lade; term*
moderate. , .
OCTAVIA. 1925. cor. Sacramento — Overlooking
Lafayette wiuare; comfortable rooms and
excellent home board.
A— POST. 1114, near Van Xess ave. — Sunny
rooms; excellent board: references.
EIXIS. 453— Nice furnished room*, with best
French tabla l>oard; reas. and best location.
ELLIS. 1436 — Cheerful, sunny rooms, with or
without board; cczy oorner.
EDDY 112S ' opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furs.
*unny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
FKOMT room with board for two. 1311A Ma-
eonic ave. ____ — ____^_____
GUERRERO. 114^ — Very sucny rooms, wltn
beard: runnlrr water. ¦
IIAIGHT. 60— Nicely furnished single rooms;
rood home cooking; reasonable.
nOW.tIJD, MIA— First-class board and room,
sincie or double. $5-$6 wlc; American family.
"ftevenson Mansion,, opr. Grace Churchannex.
tXil Calilomia— Bee rooai, «e*rn prices, try ta*U
BOOMS WAffTEP.
WANTED — By mar. and Trite, housekeeping
rooms, between California and Turk sts.;
have a llttie dog. Box 24S1, Cell office.
STOEAGE AND WAREHOUSES^
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture.
houceboM goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howaru et.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2341; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-HODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell i»ts.: tel. Prl. Ex. S71.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLUEN* WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Miwsl^n St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rate*.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The "Weekly Call.
16 pag«. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SOCIAX.
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here; a chance to make merry; cozy dance
hall and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardens, Ocean Beach terminal of electric
car lines. Make arrangements at Toom 211.
Mulrhead bulldinc. Market and Larkln sts.
STOP DBINKINQ.
GUARANTEED cure: send 50c; tablet fcrm
mailed In plain package; has cured vhou-
¦ands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
TYPEWRITERS AND STTPF^XSS.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Brolth Premier. $25: other typjwrHers at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 630 California st.
2D-HANP typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
VIAVX.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
borne treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 2S2.
DIVIDUND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco — At a regular meet-
ing cf the -Board of Directors of this bank,
held October 4, 1904, a dividend for the
Quarter year, ending September 30. 1904. I
wae declared at the rate of seven (7) per I
cent per annum, payable on and after the j
15th inst. Transfer books will be closed I
from the 10th to the 15th Inst.. both days
Inclusive. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
San Francisco, Oct. 4. 1904.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 70, of fifty cents
<50c) per share on the issued capital stock
of the comcany has been declared, payable
¦t the office of the company, rooms 202. 204 i
and 20t>. Hayward building. San Francisco, j
on October 10. 1904. Transfer books close .
Oct. 3. 1904. at noon. C. C Quinn. Secretary.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and Market,
cures; estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
festeicay: «
John H. Frobose, 30. 4200 Seventeenth street,
and Wllhelmine Woleas*, 20. 17 V4 JJouglass.
Ambruse Yaskovsky. 25. 475 Fourth street,
and Sof.a Beer. 25. 475 Fourth street.
Karry Lesser, 23, O:ikland. and Rebecca
Gordan* 20, 1507 Geary street.
Nils S. Aares. 29, 32 Rincon place, and
Skjulda Sky, 2tS, 32 Rincon ylace.
Harry O. Jost. 21. 417 Stevenson street, and
Letha A. Rayborn, 10. 417 Stevenson street.
Grafton B. Cheney, 2:>. 1474 Sacramento
street, and Clara E. Walker. 18. Portland. Ore.
Frank J. Kane. 25, lOOSVi Market street, and
Beatrice Fitzmaurloe. 21, 716 Clementina st.
Michael Sheehy, 60, 510 Fourth utreet, and
Bridget Delaney. 28. city.
Ernest K Monger. 25. 56 Curtis street, and
Katharina Meyer. 18, 56 Curtis street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. !
Birth, marriage and death notices tent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORX.
COOK— In this city. October 6, 1904, to the
wife of W. H. Cook, a daughter.
MARRIED.
PATTERSON— GALLOWAY— In this city.
October 3, 1904, by the Rev. William Rader,
William Patterson and Anita Warren Gal-
loway, both of this city.
PITTL1CK— JOCHIM— In this city, October 6.
iaO4. by the Rev. Herman Gehrcke, Joseph
Pittllck and Adelheid G. Jochim, both of
thw city.
DLED.~ ~~
Batterton. Badie J. Lockie, Geo. G. H. C.
Bibb. Pearl Leyner, Christina
Carroll. Mary A. Ohm, Emma B.
Deming, Edmund O. Pouyal, John
Dorland. James H. Sloan, Eleanor
Dunne, Mrs. Annie Sorenson. Jensine P.
Hammers. Henrietta Taylcr, Ellen
Hansen. Helen E. Whalley, William
Holtmeier. Henry
BATTERTON— In this city. October 7. 1904,
Sadl- J. M., beloved daughter of William
H. and the late Margaret Castle Batterton,
and loving sister of William H., Elsie,
James and John Batterton, Mrs. E. Corders,
Mre. W. Kuster and Mrs. E. Laymet, a na-
tive of Colma. San Mateo County, aged 20
years 7 months and 15 days.
EyNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at her late residence, 572 Ivy avenue.
BIBB— In this city. October 7. 1904, Pearl,
beloved twin daughter of William N. and
Nellie Bibb, and sister cf Paul and Charlie
Bibb, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 5 months and 23 days.
CARROLL — In this city, October 6. 1904,
Mary A Carroll, beloved mother ot' James
and Gertrude Carrolll and Mrs. L. C. Gulda-
ser, a native of Australia, aged 55 years.
DEMIXG— In this city, October 7. 1904. Ed-
mund Orr Deming. a native of Indiana, aged
72 years.
DOULAND— rn this city, October 6. 1904,
James H. Dorland, son of Robert H. and
Elizabeth Dorland, and brother of Thomas
Dorland, a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years and 6 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 0 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. University avenue and Bacon street,
thence to St. lznatius Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 a m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
DUNNE— In thia city, October 5, 1904 Mrs
Annie Dunne, mother ef Amy, Jamei and
Fred Dunne, and sister of W. A. Coulter, a
native of Ireland, aged 47 years.
CTThe funeral will take dace on
Saturday morning, October 8. at 10 a. m.,
from St. Joseph's Church. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HAMMERS— In this city, October 7, 1904,
Henrietta Elizabeth, beloved* wife of Albert
Hummers, and mother of Mrs. A. F. Brown,
Mrs. A. Klsellch, Mrs. S. Negwilch and
Fred, Albert. William, Edward and Georgie
Hammers, a native of Louisiana, aged 54
years.
| C7 1 Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), October !», at 1 p. m., from the
parlors of McAvty & Co., 1239 Market
•street, near Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
HAKSEX— In this city. October 6, 1904, Helen
E. Hanscn, dearly beloved daughter of Anna
and the late Captain Frithjof Hansen. and
sister of SoDhie, Slgna. Lily and Arthur
Hanscn. a native of Norway, arrtd 19 years
and S days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). October 0. at 2 p. m.. from the
residence of her mother, 160 Precita avenue
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HOLTMEIER— Entered into rest, October 7
1W04. Henry Holtmeier. dearly beloved hus-
band of Eliza Holtmeler. a native of Prussia
Germany, aged 75 years.
LEYNER— In Oakland. October 6. 1004
¦ Christina Leyner. beloved mother of Mrs'
Mary Ehlert (nee Simpson) and the late
Johanna and Augusta. Leyner. and Brand-
mother of Edward Johnson and John Ehlert
a native of Germany, aged 72 years 8 months
and 17 days.
K? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday
October 9. at 2 d. m.. from I^eltch & Hen-
. derson's parlors. Eighth and Broadway In-
terment Evergreen Cemetery.
LOCKIE— In this city. October 6. 1904 Geor»
G. H. C. Lockle. beloved son of the late John
A. and Ellen Lockle. and brother of John
William. Carrie A. and Hiram Lockie and
Mrs. William J. Fleming, a native of
Eulsun. Cal., aged 25 years 7 months and
13 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the resi-
dence of his brother-in-law. W. J. Fleming
1319 ' Broadway, between Larkln and Hyde
streets, thence to St. Brigid'i Church, where
services will be held for the repose of his
kouI,- commencing at 0 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross- Cemetery.
OHM— In this city, October 6. 1904, Emma B .
widow of the late Rudolph A. Ohm. and
ICyFr'.ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 9. at 12:30 p. m.. from his late
residence, 15 Cedar avenue, off Larkln street,
between Post and Geary, thence to French
Church of Xotre Dame des Vlctoires for
cervices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SLOAN — In this city. October 7. 1904, Eleanor
Thomas, beloved wife of "Walter A. Sloan, a
native of Canada, aged 28 years and 21 days.
SOREXSON— In this city, October 7. 190*.
J*-nsine Petrea Sorenson, dearly beloved wife
of Richard Sorenson. and mother of Dora,
Laila. Grebtrt and Frene Sorenson, a native
of Denmark, a«ed 35 years 11 months and
2 days.
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), October 9. at 1:15 p. m., from her
late residence. 30 Bluxome street, between
Fourth and Fifth, thence to MUpah Pres-
byterian Church, Harrison street, near Fifth,
where services will be held, commencing at
2 d. m. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In this city. October 6, 1904, Ellen,
relict of the late Thomas Taylor, and aunt
of Mir J. H. Lonergan. Mrs. Susan Harte
and Cornelius and Philip McCarthy, a native
of County Cork, Ireland.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 a m... from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's (Paullst) Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
a. m. train from Third and Townsend
streets.
WHALLEY— In Alameda. October 7, 1004,
William Whalley, father of Ernest, Gertrude,
Mabel, Frank. EUle ond._ George Whalley
and Mrs. James B. Watson, a native of
Lancashire, aged 58 years 10 months and
28 days.
mother of Mrs. J. C. Bowman and R. F.
Ohm. a native of California, ased 40 years
2 months and 23 days.
IC?"Fr:ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 p. m., from her late resi-
dence. 1552 Green street. Interment Odd
Fellows" Cemetery.
POUYAL— In this city. October 7, 1904, John
Pouyal. beloved husband of Marie Pouyal,
and father of Alfred. Florence and the late
Raymond Pouyal. a native of France, aged
55 years and C months.Copper is higher In London.- closing at £50
12s Cd for spot and £59 15s for futures. Lo
cally copper Is fairly active and prices flrmly
held, with lake quoted at $13@13 12%; elec
trclytlc, $12 87^@13. and casting, $12 G0l£@
12 75. ¦¦¦¦' •
NEW TORK. Oct. 7.— Tin was higher in
London, with spot closing at £129 7s M and
futures £129. Locally the market was firm
without Fhowlng much activity. Spot is quoted
at .92S 30^20 60.
New York Metal 3Iarket.
WHEAT— Foreign futures were lower.
Chicago dropped- from $1 00% to $1 07 and
closed at $1 08. The Chicago letter of E. F.
Hutton & Co. said: "There was further scat
tered liquidation and with free covering, of
shorts at - the decline. The conditions were
further lar*e primary receipts and a poor cash
demand. Tbe scalping feeling la a little stead
ier with the close on fact that . the market
has had four days' decline. There will be no
session of this Exchange to-morrow. The vis
ible supply on Monday will show quite a large
Increase. . The Government report will con
stitute an element of uncertainty. Large arri
vals in all the markets Monday are expected.*
If * It • produces any ' further, break, probably
wheat may ba bought for a reaction, although
Wheat and Other Grains.
Reports of excited *n<j rising Hop markets
are still coming In from tha north and tbe
situation all over the world continues firm
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands 'roll
about 5 461c under quotations. Heavy talted
Steers, lOtfc; medium. 9Hc; light. 9c: Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and flc for light: St&ga.
7c: Salted Kip. 10c; Salted Veal, lie Salted
Calf, ll%e; dry Hides. 16H©17c; dry Kip. 139
14e: dry Calf. 10c: Sheepskins, shearlings 25O
?Oc each: short W*-J. 4OeeSe each; medium.
78@9Oc; long Wool. $1©1 50; Hor»« HtdSl
salt, $2 75 for. large and »2©3 50 for -medium!
$1 23$1 75 for small and 60c for Colt«- HonuJ
Hides, dry. $1 75 for larg« and $1 SO for me
dium. HG1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 30c; dry »aiuS
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c- Go*t
Skln»— Prime Angoras. 73c: extra largedo!
(1 25: large. 5Oc; medium 33c; amsJl "On.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4H«' m/ lb-
No. 2, S%c; Grease, 2%®3c 1^ r * 7% " *** "»•
. WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaqnln'aad South-
»«llc; Southern. 869c; SoHthern Mooa
taln. 8«llc: Middle CounUe.. tn*, -.l^Ua;
do. defecUv*. 10«12c: NortheVn fri* 12fil4c
do. defective. 10®12c; Humboldt and M*nd«-'
C Ii6l»S— 1SXH crop, *26@30c . p« IX . '
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
¦*--na!!«;r 'withdrawal by the Sub-Trea«urjr than
laj-t weeje. bat the sfclpments en balance by
rxpfon livctiuht the prcbable cash loss to over
fi.WC.'UCO. The EUfcppofiticn that thtrc haa
been 1argr» rpeculatlve liquidation In the stock
jr.nrkf-t roint3 to a contraction in loans. The
money n^rkrt tc-day was little affected beyond
a use above- r prr ccr.t !n the money rate. This
Inci-ea*«-<l it. #rominc rtisposltion to lake profits.
• nd prlr-«-» b!!pjied olT In the final hour With ;
r.othinr: left <\ tlie day"? rains at the close.
Bonds were Mcady. Total sales, par value, ,
f2..'iir>,<^ ; 0
t'ntt»-<3 Etatea bonds were unchanged en call.
N>\v York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton & Co.. 490 California street, I
Sar J- rancis/c, menil»-r5 of the New York I
Mock Exchm-^e. furnish the followinr .ora<-ial !
v *.' I*;., r • tjl ii:at Uxchange:
fe^Pg- I Stocks— ;Hi;a;Low.{Bid.| Atk.
JAdarns Expren.l j -230
. 4< : 2w iA^^r::: .^j. fi !..j «|| «|
" Y.«00U»'n°c£r &*K"o>j2:;'<. i '"rt"' 23'"*' **'*
B001; Do V.,1 ...... | BS% 82 \ hlK\ S3
2,:00,Ani Cotton Gl\.\ Z)% a»j 2a u. !•«",.-'¦
.' t i*> p'«J i m " ~U
;Air. l-'it-t Tel...! 24 : >-
JAm Kx \ 21,, oji,
... [AOI Ilitf' * U 4;*! 1^
I Uo pl4 l«j'* «,,{J
lW.Anilce -i- -g
1.5W, -Po i.fd ...... 33* 3314 S3^ <Bi2
lAni L;ns«ed IIU'ijja
¦ D» »<'<! •.-..'•!:'.¦........ a>«isau
2iXj,Arn Locomotive.! 29 £T.^i f 201;! "7
4.«,i Do pfd ..-....} 'M a5M|«s£JM
Am Mait j .. 1 4 <t ,
4 Un pid I....1 120 ?l
i,M(iAn3#:nc».,-; «w; I cs-ij eo: ku
530 i Uo pfd lor :••>; iWK'IftKt
15,tyoAm Sugar l22KSUltf :«U «E%
...:..., Am Tel JU Tel Co!..... 4 Ur» no
;Am Tob p?d....|.....j jno !.M>
¦ V.'oolen 1 15 ( 13. j h % jr t ,^
. . - INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris... 1 5.17%
New Tork on Mexico.. .....216%
Paris on London ...........'... ....25.15
Berlin on London 20.39
Mexican and Continental Exchange- ¦ were
firmer, but domestic rates remained unchanged.
Thn Siberia took out a treasure list of $120,
0S1 22 consisting of ?229O in Mexican dollars,
$900 In gold coin and $26,000 in silver bullion
for Hongkong and $90,801 22 in silver bullion
for Shanghai.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 ***
Sterling Exchange, sight — 431
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87 -
New York Exchange, sight — 07:14
Xew York Exchange, telegraphic. — . 10 •
Silver, per ounce ." '•'— '¦¦" 57%
Mexican Dollars — 4§
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAIj MARKETS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon 11 %c per lb for
heavy, ll%c for light medium. 14c for light.
1414a - for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured: dry salt Sides. 10%c; B«lllea, 12c:
Eastern sugar-cured Ham*. 1 tc ; Cali
fornia Ham*, 1314 c; Mes» Be«f. HCifitO 50 per
bbl; extra Mess. S11011 60; Family. *12©12 50;
prime Mesa Pork. $14 SO; extra clear 924:
Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10»ie; Plg'Pork,
$26; Pigs' Feet. J5; Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD-^-Tlerces quoted at 6Hc per lb tor
California compound. 7c for Eastern comconnd
and 10Hc for pure: half-barrels, pure, lO^ic
10-lb tins, llHc; 5-lb tins, ll%c; 3-Ib tins,
ll%c. "
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. S&c: tbr««
hair bbls. 8ttc; one tierce, SHo: two tierce*.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Lard Is ruling very firm and some houses
have marked up their prices, and the others
will probably fall In. Hams and Bacon are
also firm but unchanged.
Provisions.
' Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Oct. 7.— Clearings, $787,877; bal
ances, ?184,21«. .
TACOMA. Oct. 7.— Clearings, $488,813; bal
ances. *.i:i,019. • •
PORTLAND. Ore.. Oct. 7.— Clearings $S87,
570: balances, •«173.281.
SPOKANE. Oct. 7. — Clearlnns. $513,300; bal
ances, $170,542. '-.
FRIDAY. Oct. 7.— » p. tm
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) *R!<f »,v
4s qr coup..lO«%l(WT 4 U 9 v cp Mw.lSlSlittS
4a qr re*.. .106*106%! J, v eou P :..i03^ioi*
MISCELLANEOUS B0ND8.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co 6s.l29 —
As«o Oil fla. 73ft — Do B , " J
Bay CPC Ss.lOUilOS Do con si' 102 ~" ¦
Ca{ C O 5S-1Q3* ¦- O^nlcss' - S
Cal O 4 E g om Cable «5«.12OU —
m & ct 5». «m 81^ Pac O Im 4a" — 7Z
Cal-st C 53.112^ -^ P E Ry 5» .' _ l£u
C C Wat ta. OS - p 4 c „ te ' J04 *»*
EdL & P 6«.l23 125 P * O R SlUUllS
F A C H &•. - _ Powell./t £ - 1
Geary-st 5s.. 50 asr Sac EGAflja ion '- •
H CAS 6H..10S — BP A-gjvSm —
Do 5a .... 9H\ — Pierra R <£? ,]l Z
H Q n R T 6.. 107% - S P ot A to ~ -
L A Elec 5s. — 104 (19»iB) * lonu __" •
L A Ry 5. 1U% - fl»I0> ~
Do Rtd 6«. — — (taO5)s P AIM •
Do -ftd S*.IOO — ftnos)8r b'moi; _
LAP lcm 5S.102 — f1!>O«> ... i«j5f«uit
Mkt-st C «s.H5 — (1912) .!!"m«fc —
Do l«n Ss.114 — ' SPC l or 'ss'ii:?
MV& MtT5a.l05 — D» rtamM.M-t I
NRR nt Cfis.lOS 106*4 8 P R r c, J-jV * ~ .
Do 5a ....117 — S V Wat C« l.*4U X
. N P C R 8..108 - Do 4a Zdm.100^ _
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4a 3dm. 0»»4 __
NCPCSs. — 9!l Dor mtgia Mu 99
N S R R 5». — 1C2H Stka GAE6* Oa^ _1
O G L&H 5s. — lll)U U G & E 3».102W.
OWftdk -r- 10O ! * ~.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — M (Port Costa... — — -
Marln Co. . . — 60 ( S V Wat Co. 38 3SU
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
; Cert LAP. 3% W 8 F O £ E. 60*4 «
1 Mutual EL.— 12 I Stkn G & E. — gt£
¦ Pac L Co... 53 60%|U G A E Co. — •
; - INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 330 [
BANK STOCX9.V-J"' j^;*
Am Ntl Bit.. — 130 IL P A A....13O -£V
Angrlo-Cal ..84 $$ I Mer Treat r»
; Bank of Cal. — 425 IMerch Ex.... 50 5«U
Cal Safe Dp. — ISO IS F Nation!. — ' —
First Natlonl — — !
I SAVINGS BANK**.
Ger S A L.23SO — I Par A L Po. . -^ 10O
Hum S * I* — — I Sec Sav I**.. 421
Mut Sav Bk. — 100 | Union T Co.. — * _ ;
S F Sav U.615 — } : -
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..196^200 | Presidio — 431a
1 Geary • — - *o > . .. .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. Oct. 7. — Wheat, unchanged. Blue
stem, 87c; club, 83c. ,«
PORTLAND, Oct. 7. — Wheat lor export:
Walla Walla. 81@82c; bluestem, 80c; valley,
S5c. For Eastern markets: Walla .Walla, 83c;
bluestem. 8Cc
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market was
easy. Fruit is not arriving freely, but demand
is light. Common, 4<ff4«4c: prime. 4%<§5c;
choice, 5%®6c; fancy, 6>£®8c.
PRUNES — Are more free, owing to the re
duced crop estimate from the coast. "Prices
range from 2c to 5%c, according to grade.
APPJCOTS— Are offered sparingly and de
mand is light and prices are more or less
nominal. Choice. 9%c; extra choice, 10%@
10y.c; fancy, ll#13c. .
PEACHES — Are In practically the same po
sition a* ' apricots. Choice. 8%®8%c; extra
choice, 8%@Uc; fancy, 9 MQ 10c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady: fair refining, 3?;c;
centrifugal, DC test, 4 5-lCc; molasses Rugar,
3%c; refined, quiet: crushed, 5.75c; powdered,
5.15c; granulated, 5.05c.
BUTTER— Unchanged.
CHEESE — Unchanged. :
EGGS — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS. .
COFFEE) — The market for coffee futures
closed steady at unchanged prices. Sales were
reported of 25,750 bags. Including: October,
6.00c; December. 6.751f«.80c: March, T.OTigr.lOc;
May. 7.25c; July, 7.40c; August, . 7.45c; Sep
tember, 7.50@7.55c. No. 7 Rio, S%c.
WOOL— Steady.
NKW YORK. Oct. 7. — FLOUR — Receipts.
15,200; exports, 3900; salts, 2200 • packages.
Market dull and lower to sell. Minnesota,
$3 10^3 45.
WHEAT — Receipts. 20.900: Bales. 4,600,000
futures Spot, weak; No. 2 red, $1 14% f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 19>A Jt. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b.
afloat. Practically throughout the. whole ses
sion wheat was under the Influence of ex
cessive liquidation and pressure of bears, grow
ing out of increased crop estimates In the last
few ijays. It broke almost 2c a bushel and,
aft'r a final brief rally on covering, closed
%<g\c net lower. May, $1 oa^^l'llVi, closed
$1 10»A; December, $1 11 9-ltjQl 13%, closed
$1 12tf.
HOPS— Steady. . i
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLEUM — Steady.
New York Grain and Produce.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 7. — WOOL — Steady to
Btronir: medium grades, combing and cloth
ing. 20fi26c; light fine. 18f?20c; heavy 12fffi
16c; tub-washed, 22@35d.
St. Tx>nis Wool Market.
NKW YORK Oct. 7. — Cotton futures open
ed firm. October. 0.00c; November, 9.9«c; I)e
c«mber 10.10c; January, 10.15c; March, 10.25c;
May. 10.27c; June. 10.28c bid; July. 10.28c
bid.
Cotton futures closed very steady. Novem
ber. 10.03c; December. 10.16c; January. 10.21c;
February, 10.24c; March. 10.23c; April, 10.31c;
March, 10.33c.
Spot, quiet. Middling uplands, 10.45c; mid
dling gulf. 10.70c. Sales. 7100 bales.
New York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 7. — To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in
the division of redemption shows: Available
cash balance. $152.5»56,116: gold, $77,777,510.
Condition of the Treasury.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
MISCKIiliANEOUS MARKETS.
Wheat— Dee. March.
Opening .'* 7 6% 7 6%
Closing 7 5Vi "6%
PARIS.
Wheat — Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 23 75 24 SJI
Clo.sing 23 65 24 85
Flour —
Opening : 31 45 32 65
Closing 31 25 32 65
Dried Fruits Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
Telegrams from New York report that rejec.
tions of Prunes on account of quality aro
hurting the market. Some are reported wet
and others sour, and these shipments offset the
favorable features of the market.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. !%&9\e tar
Royals and 0912c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
tV,@lc for Whit* and 5%G<H4c for Red:
Peaches. «Va@S%o P« U>; Pears, ,7$13c;
Plums, pitted. 6®6^c for black. 8«8tt«
for red and 7@8%o for yellow; Flg«, 2-crowa
bricks, 50c; 3-crown. B5c; 4-crown. flOc: 8
crown. 65c; bulk white. 2%®3c: black. 3%c
Evaporated Apples 5^®7e per lb.
PRUNES — l%Sl%c per lb for th« four «lie»
and 2V4c basis for the large sires.
RAISIN9 — 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters. $2 23<92 50; . Dehesa. $1 8592;
London Layers. 80c® $1: Loose Muscatels. 4
crown. 3HO4c; 3-crown, 3C3%c: 2-crown,
2H®2%c: Seedless. 2%©2\;e; Floated. 3}4c:
Seeded, 3*4@5^c; Thompson's Seedless, 4Hc:
Seedless Sultanas. S®3Vic:. 1900 crop — Loos*
Muscatels M2Hc; Seedless. lUel Floated. 2c:
Paclflc. l%@2ttc; Seeded. 3%@4^c; Malagu,
1 »,(fr2 V4 c per lb: Seedless Sultana*. 2c.
NUTS— New Walnuts. No. 1 sdftsbetl. lie;
No. 2 »c; No. 1 hardshell. 10V4c; No. 2. a«c:
Almonds 16@17c for Nonpareils. 14Q14^4c for
I X L, i3(8l4c for Ne Plus Ultra and lie- for
Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern: Pe
cans. 11013c: Cocoanuta, $4 COQS: Chestnuts.
10@15c per lb.
HONEY— Comb, 11H013O for whit* and 10<9
lie for amber; water white extracted. BH9
tic; light amber extracted. 6®54c; dark. 3^
4 HP-
I BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5— The salient fact in
to-day's stock market was that prices did not
po dov.n. as many wrrsons were led to expect
by the action of the late market yesterday.
There was a mumentary irregularity early to
dey, but nothing like the break that the bears
had pictured to ih.»ms«!ves as a result of a
decisive downward turn with its uncovering: of
etop lofs orders and rush to make profits. The
bear element had come to regard the market
t » top b^avy and ready to crumble away when
the etrcng lrcpetus of the upward movement
was lost. They became suspicious this morn-
Ing that the friends of higher prices had en
couraged the ehort e^llins yesterday on ac
count ot the support which would be assured to
the mexket when the shoru were covered. The
rositlve pressure on the market proved in
significant, and the bears retr^atr-d and covered
: : > r ».\ori*. A fairly comprehensive advance in
prices followed. In the list of strong stocks
were found representatives of about all the
principal irroups cf stocks. The average gain
«u ircderate and tbe volume of transactions
fell considerably below those of yesterday. The
movement In Amalgamated Copper was di
rectly attributable to the active demand for
copper both h»re and in Europe. The buying
cf stock W8s en a large scale, and Its rise was
<•*? Fome sympathetic effect on the steel stocks,
cwing to the sympathetic bond between the
two markets for the products. The advance in
some of the other industrials seemed to be due
directly to sympathy •with the movement In
Air.alcarr.ated Copper, and especially that in
sugar. St. Paul recovered sharply from yester
day's treak without favorable rumors regard
ing a Northern Securities settlement.
Revised «?*>ti mates In favor of larger grain
yield? were prevalent and helped the market.
The currency movement up to Thursday even
ins, s* TTT>ort*d during the day. ehowed a
Xew York Stock Market.
The gross earnings of tha United Railroads
of San FrancUco for August. 1904, are offlclallr
St /I^ h * Vt araounted t° $332,234. a d-crea4
of $20,369 aa compared with Augujt. 1903 Th«
grcui earnings for the eight month* endlne
$2S9.MS aa compared wltl» tb« correspondin «
petioa last year.
,..15* c » Ufornia s * fe . :D «l«»«t and Tnj«t Qxn.
Ff £ U E* y * r«* uls "" quarterly dividend at
$1 CO «er share October 15. ¦ .
Hereafter tht monthly dividend of 11 r*»
•hare of the Alaska Packers Company. whlcl»
has been paid on th» 12th. will t» paid on thi
-Mil. -. — .
Th« Sprint Valley Water Company will It
Js reported, pass the quarterly dividend of "«3o
per share, which would otherwise &av«. b»ea
due October 20,
Oil dividends— Union Oil Company, regnlar
*%*"££ v Of 7Oc> v™ 1 ™** to $70.(»0. pay
able October 13; United Petroleum, regular
Quarterly of $1 15. .amounting to $I8,S22. m"
•£££?% £ Mng Company haa Iev " d »
St£k ta .nV r S? t K Ulk l^ at the 8an Francisco
fhTpi*?/!,. n X °^ n * e J Board . having ab«orbe<t
£? T- Beard, and having t**n unsuccesa
ful la an attem»t to • amalgamate with ttu»
Tpnopah Board u now eon..de?Eg th. list |&
of a number of Tonopah and Goldfleld* stocks.
Tonopah Exchange may retort by Hating soma
?h. ** C S m i t< *; kS - Four f °™«- member, oC
' h h * San J>" clsc ° an< * Tonopah Mining Ex-
ChaJigt— W. H. Hannon, J. B. Hill. H a.
Hudgens and P. S. Montague— were yesterda^
. T 2\* T * w *" not mucl > feature to local stock
stock nf JT? terda £- The «**"»««^inin. com
dlwn T'" 1 ?* , 8har '» ••?emed to have quieted
down local stocka and bonds were dull VnS
teres" Tonopah .tocka were devoid of In-
Trading Light and Featureless on AH
the Boards.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— Close. Money on call
firm. 2f7 2 l 'j per cent; closing bid, 2\i per
Dent; offered, 2*i ji*r cent.
Time loans, steady; sixty days, 3 per cent:
r.*!.e!y days. 3 1 ., per cent; elx months, 3%@
3% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4%fi6 per cent.
h'tTling exchange firm, closed easier, with
MtBl business in bankers' bills at $4.R.V}r><a>
4 <-5.V> for d<-ir-.a.n4 and at $4.S330fr'4.8335 for
s'xty day bills.
Posted rate?. $4 hi and $4 £0%.
¦^'orcRiercial bills, $1 63%.
Kar silver, S'^c.
Mexican dollars. 453*c.
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
eteadj-.
\e« York Money Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
OMAHA. Oct. 7.— CATTLE — Receipts. 140O;
market 10c higher: native steers, $4 3o@6 10;
cows and heifers, ?2 40«&3 50; Western steers,
$3 5K»ip4 60; Texas steers, ?2 BO^ 50; range
cows and heifers, $2 25ft3 25; canners, $1 50@
2 15: stockers. and feeders, $2 2.'>(S'4: calves,
?3«5 5ft; bulls and stags, $1 . r »0-ff2 75.
HOGS — Receipts. C20O; market 10c lower;
heavy, $f. no<R5 63: mixed. *5 55®5 BO; light.
$5 6.*V?25 75; pigs, $5®5 50; bulk of sales, $5 55
@5 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12,500; market active and
steady: Western yearllnsrs. $3 «0@3 $5; weth
ers, $3 4(VS3 80; ewes, $3^3 CO; common and
Etockers, $2 25«§3 75; Iambs, $4 45@5 80.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000; market steady:
muttons, $3 2503 60; lambs. $4^5 10; range
wethers, $3 S0@3 85; ewes, $2 75®3 50; Colo
rado ewes, 105 pounds, $3 25; Utah lambs, 70
pounds, S3.
Omaha.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 7. — CATTLE — Receipts.
"0OO: market strong; ' native steers, $4©6 10;
native cows and heifers. $1 50^4 50; stockers
and feeders, $2 23©4 25; bulls, $1 7. r ><gj3 50;
ralves, *2 50(g5 50: Western steers, $3@4 50;
Western cows, $1 50*53 50.
HOGS — Receipts, «0<X>; market 6c lower: bulk
of sales. $5 «VB5 gr>; heavy, $5 80<ff5 90: pack
ers, $5 7O€3 85: pigs and lights, $5 5*Va5 80.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 15,000; to-morrow,
14,000: market steady to. lower; mixed and
butchers', $3 t5O<g6 20; good to choice heavy,
$0 OoftO 20; rough heavy, $5 60*^5 80; light,
$5 70® 6 C5; bulk of sales, $5 80>fte 05.
SHEEP — Receipts, 10,000: market for sheep,
steady; lambs, weaker;. good to choice wethers,
$3 7.'<?f4 50; fair to choice mixed, $3 25t83 70;
Western sheep, $3!g4 15; native lambs, $T(j}
5 So; Western lambs, $4@5 40.
Kansas City.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 5000,
including 1000 Westerns; market strong to 10c
higher; good to prime steers. $3 76@6 60; poor
to medium, $3 73@"» 5»>; stockers and feeders,
|2 30®4 15: cows."$l 5O@4 50; heifers. $3@5;
canners. $1 5(Vg2 40; bulls, $2@4 50; calves,
$3 5CK37 50; Texas fed steers, $3@5 50; West
ern steers, $3(34*75.' - '.-„- , -r.-. • "
Chicago.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market waa steady;
Creameries, 14@20c; dairies. 13@17c Cheese,
quiet, 10@10%c. Eggs, steady at mark, 14@
17%c; firsts. 18c; prime, 20c; extra, 22c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
the situation Is not a strong one and prices
will, we think, ultimately go lower."
In this market futures were lower. The cash
grain was easier and quieter, with larger offer
ings, and moVe disposition to sell. The mar
ket has not declined with the Chicago and
North Pacific markets, ae it has been below
them right along, and they have now got down
to about our basis, which gives us a chance
to do business again, as all three markets
are now about o n a level. Futures recovered
from the early morning depression as the fore
noon advance, and closed firm with good
trading.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, *1 45® 1 52%; California
White Australian, $1 55® 1 62%; Northern
Club $1 43® 1 63H: Northern Bluestero. $1 60
©1 62% per ctl,
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. •
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..*149% $150 *l-49U %\ 50
May 1 51 1 51 1 50% 1 51
* 2 p. m. Session.
¦*¦ Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$149*; $1 5OV4 $1 49»; $1 5O3i .
May 161 1 6ltf 151 1 5H4
BARLEY — Conditions remain unchanged,
choice dry Feed being firm and wanted, while
damp lots, which constitute the majority of j
offerings at present, are weak and moving
slowly. A sale of 1200 sacks of dry. Feed at
$L 12 M: wai made yesterday morning. Barley
freights seem to be easing off a little, which
\ may encourage exports.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 06©l 12%; new Brewing and
Shipping. $1 15@1 17%; Chevalier. $1 17%9
1 22%' per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..?1 11 51 11 $1 11 WU
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 10^ $1 lOTi fl 10% *l 10%
OATS— The feature of the market at the
moment is the offering by Chicago of some 2000
tons of No. 1 clipped Eastern Oats delivered j
en this market, at ?l 60 per ctl. Samples of |
these Eastern Oats are now showing ,on |
•Change, and It is reported that some have*.
already been bought. To what dimensions
i tins- moNement will develop remains to be
I s-:in. Thest Oats came via Tacoma, and the
c«u«e t-t the movement Is the demand for cars
up north to move Northern Wheat to Chicago.
T'i~ ii:.roadB do not want to haul empty cars
from the West to Oregon and Washington, so
have g^en Oat importers a cut of *3 20 per
ten in ri.il rates, to enable them to bring their
cars loaded with Oats to the Coast. The Chl
capo warket is quoted heavy with large stock*.
and tftculative buying there ls not large nor
of a character to impart any prospective
strength to the market. Years ago we used j
! to import Oats from Western points, but npth
i ir.g ha* been den* in this line for a good many I
year* until now.
TliR lo^al situation shows no other new fea
tures and 'tlie market is quiet.
.White $1 37%@1 55.; Surprise. *l 6001 60;
Red, H' 224661 42% for feed and »1 40@l 50
for teed; Black. $1 30® 1 35 for feed and |1 60
©1 70 for seed.
CORN — There Is nothing new to report ex
cept that the Chicago Tribune says that B. !
W. Snow's' returns to date show some frost
' diimacc to Corn in Ohio and Michigan, and in
portions Of Wisconsin. In the other corn
States trte crop Is maturing without frost !
losses. It now looks as If the general condi
tion of Octo'^er 1 is but a fraction below that
reported September 1. fully sustaining the
promise of a crop of about 2,200,000.000
bushels.
Western sacked. $1 40®l 45 for Yellow. $1 45
for White and $1 40@l 42% for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow, $1 40@l 45; small round
do, $1 56@1 82%: White, nominal; Egyptian.
$1 85<ftl 43 (or White and 91 -5®1 30 for
Brown.
RYE— $1 35©1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per cU.
Klour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, ft 80®
B 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $1 70Q.1;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $4ft4 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Jt ye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour.
$7* Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do. (3 60;
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat . Groats. $4; Hominy.
$3 C0@3 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 BO; Rolled Oats. bbls. *6 60@7 00; in
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peaa,
boxes. 1 5 50; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
The scarcity of cars la now producing a
shortage of good Hay in this market and i
prices have again advanced, as will be seen. 1
There were only fifteen cars In yesterday and
receipts by water were also small. Hay is
coming out of country warehouses to supply
the Inquiry here, but unless cars become more
plentiful a large proportion of tills warehouse
Hay will have to be kept back. Hollister ls
especially suffering from this car shortage
and ls sending in a good many strenuous com
plaints
There Is no further advance In Feedstuffs
yet, but the market Is very firm.
Straw ls higher.
BRAN— *20«21 per ton.
MIDDLING S— $24©28 per ton.
SHORTS — $2O©21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $23 60©24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 G0@32 CO;
jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22023; Corn
Meal $30 50ig31 B0; Cracked Corn. $31©32;
Mixed Feed. $22022 60: Horse Beans, $30040
per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl.
, HAY— Wheat, $10® 15; Wheat and Oat. $10©
14 50; Oat, $9#13; Barley and Oat. $s@12;
Volunteer Wild Oat. . $7010; stable $9@11:
stock. $5 5007; Clover. 7®10; Alfalfa, $9@12
per ton.
STRAW— 45@65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds. "
The damp Beans now coming In ar* de
pressing the market more or leas), but prices
show . Uttle ' change. Some damp > largo White
Good table Grapes were wanted yesterday
for shipment to Puget Sound ports and' dry
lots sold readily for that purpose, good To
kays, Muscats and Cornichons selling at 73c
and Blacks at C5c per crate. The market was
etlll badly congested with rain-damaged stock,
however, which continued to drag at 25*f5oc
per small box or crate. Fine Muscats in large
boxes did better, selling up to *l 23 per box,
but for the general run of supplies %\ was
about the top. Wine Grapes were more
active than previously and wera held at a
higher range of prices, as most dealers were
of the opinion that the rain would lessen the
receipts. Orchard fruits were In good supply
and aside from a decline in Plums and Figs
there was nothing new to report, trade being
of lair volume and supplies ample. Melon*
wera dull owing to the Inclement weather and
only the fanciest Nutmegs showed any firm
ness. Strawberries and Raspberries stood as
previously quoted, with surplus lots - being:
cleaned up to peddlers at the inside rates
Citrus fruits were quiet and featureless.
STRAWBERRIES — 11§3 per chest for the
large varieties and $4@6 for Cheney Berries.
RASPBERRIES— J3©« per chest. «
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— *2 50@2 75 per box for
Coos Bay and $s©8 25 for Cap* Cod.
APPLES— *1 25@1 60' for fancy, 85c©$l for
choice and 40@75o for common.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1 25@1 50 per box. In
cluding cold • storage; Winter - Nellis, 75c®
$1 25; Other winter varieties 40@75c
PEACHES — 35(g65c per box.
PLUMS — 50c for small and 60c<g$l for open
boxes. •
PERSIMMONS— 75c6$l per box.
POMEGRANATES— 40©50o for small and
$1 2561 W> for large boxes.
QUINCES — 25050c per box.
FIGS — Site® $1 per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, 75c<S$l per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 4O@75c per box; WaUrmelons
$1@3 per down.
GRAPES — Seedlesa from cold storage. 85c©
$1 per box: Isabella. 50® 65c pt r crate; other
varieties, 25@75c per small box or crate and
50cfi$l 25 for open boxes; Wine Grapes. fl5@
20 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, $2 50®3 50 per
box for Valenciaa; Lemons, $2 50@3 for
fancy $1 75@2 25 for choice and $1 25®1 50
for Standard; Grape Fruit. <2 5O®3; Mexican
Limes $4 50@5 per case; Bananas. $2@3 per
bunch* for Central American and $1©2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. |2 50@3 25.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7. — Cash quotations wer« as
follows: No 2 spring -wheat, $1 16; No. 3,
$1 04^1 10; No. 2 red, $1 10@l 12; No. 2 corn,
5O9iC' No 2 yellow, 52?ic; No. 2 oats, 80c;
No. 2 white, 32c; No. 3 white, 3O@31V4c; No.
2 rye, 77}ic; good feeding barley, 87c; fair to
choice malting, 3S1f47c; No. 1 flaxeeed, <1 0814;
No. 1 Northwestern. $1 14%; prime timothy
seed $2 65@2 70; mess pork, per barrel. $11 40
Sll'50; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 60^7 62V»;
ehort ribs sides (loose). $8©8 12V6: short clear
sides (boxed), $8 23(f 8 50; whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 26Va; clover, contract grade,
?12 25. ¦ . -
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,300 11.S00
Wheat, bushels 126,000 40,800
Corn, bushels 141.900 278.100
Oats, bushels 212. ttOO 90,700
Rye bushels 8,000 8.200
Barley bushels 17,600 49,200
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Eggs were not quotably changed, but some
dealers reported more firmness tn fine ranch.
Receipts were 27,000 lbs Butter, 513 cases
Egjrs and 32,600 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 2»c for
extras and 26^28c for medium grades; dairy,
•J Kg -lc; cold storage, 21e; store Butter, 17®20c;
Eastern creamery. 21%@S3c; Eastarn iadl«
packed. 16617c per lb.
CHEESE — 10@Hc for choice mild new an4
SVbSaVic tor lower grades; Toung Americas,
ll@ll%c; Oregon. 9911c; Eastern. lOGISc per
pound.
EGGS — Ranch. 89e for large whits se
lected. 36@38c for choice I and 34S33o for
common i cold storage. •_"7U@30c; store, nom
inal;. Eastern. 25@2Sc for firsts and 22Q24C for
seconds and 21c for bakers'.
Extra creamery Butter was quoted higher
yesterday, the market having become cleaned
up. The rain did not produce the weak effect
expected.
There was no change in Cheese, but stork*
were reported small, as the accumulation
which ha» been hanging over the market for
several months has been cleared off.
Butter r Cheese and Kggs.
summary or-Tin; mArkctj- j
New York stocks flrxn on t "n- -";.'• j
Cotton railirr liislu'r.
Local stocks and Immk!* Inactive and j
featureless.
Shipment of SI 20.081 in specie to the
Orient. ! !
Silver and Exduuise Bhow tiie «s»ial
narrow fluctuations.
Cliicaco Board of Trade to remain .
closed to-ti.->.
Wheat (stores lower. Barley quiet j;'
ami unchan^'eil.
Cliicago t^emiiii;; Oats here via Ta- j
coma.
Corn crop estimated at 2.200.000.000 |
bushels.
Weather conditions and effects keep |
Beans unsettled.
Ilay higher, oviius to scarcity of ears, i
Straw adAaneed.
All Fwdstuffs linn at prerlons quo- >
tations.
New York rejecting Prunes for being .
wet and sour.
Butter liigher. Clieeae and t^g^s as j
before cuotod.
Lard market up Bacon and
llanis dncfaanscd.
Hops continue strong and excited up '<
north. -
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in liberal sup- i
ply.
Potatoes in active demand. Onions
steady. Vegetables quiet.
Poultry and Game markets show no j
change.
Higher prices paid for dry wine and j
table Grapes.
Money, Stocks and Trade.
The BfcW Tcrk circular of Henry Clews s*y«:
'No adverse influences have developed In ,
th* situation. The crop killers have lost their I
vocation, and while the yield of corn, cotton
and wheat is below early estimates, which ls
the almost ur.broken rule, ttill a liberal sup
rly of com and cotton is practically assured, j
end so far as wheat is com*rm*d this country ]
is likely to f>cure compensation in high prices
tor the 100.000,000 bushels which it seems able
to Fpare for export. A very f ncoura*rlr.g fea
ture ls the continued growth of bank clear
ings. which is not entirely attributable to Stock
Exchange operations. Another pood feature j
is •the improvement in railruad -earnings. In I
the e^cond week of Srptember *3 railroads re
ported a gain of over 6 per cent, and in the
first WFfk fifty roads announced a gain of over
4 r*r cent. These returns, which have been
steadily graining, substantiate the hopeful
views recently expressed by railroad mana- |
Rers. besides demonstrating the increased ac
tivity of pcr.»ral bupin^ss. Of the latter there
is no question, although it is strictly confined
to moderate proportione. Iron and steel ma
terial* have been in much better demand eince j
the revision of prices, and while profits must j
bt- on a much srr.sUler scale j=till the advantage j
to producers l« reflected in the. recent rise of
the steel issues.
THE MONETARY SITUATION'.
¦¦Thfre if nothing: in the monetary situation
to caus<? untia?in«"e.« at pref<nt. While the
Gineiuuicst is facing; a. Treasurj' d^flnit. which
may eventually cause a reduction of deposits
with the d< po? itarj- banks, such action is not
yet in *:pbt. The national banks nf the en
tire country, which number about 5000. show
an increase in cash reserves for the year end
lOC S<;t>mbor "7 of $l(i7.000,Q0<J — almutst all
in pc\<l coin. Increased rold oertiflcates have
klao betn Issued by the United States Treasury
¦iuiir.jr the same period, amounting to $20,
•UU.000, thus makin* $i:iC.OOO.(XiO increase in
the gold money of the country in circulation.
In the local market easy rates prevail in Fjrtte
of crop demands and the expectation of a poor
bank taatement this week. The surplus re
•unc ha* betn cut In half, yet If 6tUl double
that of a ynar asa end tnor* than ample for
all probable* r«o.uir*ments this fall. '
"The peneral soundness cf busine.«» and fin
an<:al conditions, as well as the almost com
plete abtmce of disturbing l«ties. leaves the
market open to further manipulation; and
sin-, the interests of those in control are in
th- direction of higher price* the probabilities
are that the rite has not reached ita climax.
V t ;:r.:il the large holders have lightened their
burden, or until less favorable conditions de
\«i<!.. U the market likely to eee any eerlous
weakness. Moderate reactions may be expect
ed, followed, however, by substantial rallies
as long as rre*«ent forces govern. Purchaser!
ther«fore will still have to exercise much cau
tion and discrimination."
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— I United Fruit 102%
Can loans 2@3| u S Steel J«%
rime loans 4§5| Do pfd ~*^»
Bonds— iwcstins Common. 81%
A V^ !s0 " ls 101 ttl Mining—
Do adj 4., og (Adventure 3%
Mex Central 4s. .. 07 % I Alloucz U%
Inroads— | Amal Copper .... «l!fe
£ ,". S2"4lAmcr Zinc 11*4
Do pfd 03Ti ! \tlantlc 13
Boston & Albany. -JSViiBlnfiham 2«
I.oston &¦ Main.-.H4 I Calumet & Hecla.525
Boston Llev 1B3U1 Centennial 2t *i
Iitchhurg Pfd.... 1.37 HI Corner Range ... 88J4 1
*i H C C." tral 1:{^ I Dai* West HH |
£&£*£ H & H - 19 - > UIDom Coal 5«
Pfre Marquette. . . 74 | FVanlflin S 1^
Vnion Paolflo 103% OraScy 3 9-l« |
Miscf-llaneous — I is\ e Royale - ; 20^4 1
Amer Argre Chem. 13*4 1 Mass Mining »>i 1
. Do Tfd 77 Unnhigan ¦' I
Anmr Pneu Tube. 4% I Mohawk "T^ I
Amer Sugar . :. .1.12*41 Mont Coal & Coke 4^ '
• Do Pfd 132 ! Old Dominion . . . 2t !
Amer TV! ft Tel. . 1S8« | Osceola .V 80 !
Amor A\ooicn ... 14^' Parrot 25 j
_ Do Pf<J Rl'.tQuincy 01
Dom Iron & S... 14 ".Shannon r,^
I-d Klpct Ilium.. 2,17 | Trinity *•>%
Gen Elcctrio ....171 |u S Mining 21% |
Mass Electric 13UITJ S Oil 10
D° Pfd •. . 65 "I I'tah 41
Mass Gas 42t4| Victoria 4
Un Shoe Mach... MHtWinona 8%
Do pfd 31 "|. Wolverine 02
Bank CU'arings. -.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7. — The following table,
compiled by • Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ires at the principal cities for the week ended
October ti, with the percentage of increase and
di-erease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
• Percentage.
Citie? — Inc. Dec.
New York $1,600,829,813 29.3
Chicago 207,13S,420 8.6 ....
Boston 132,185,022 8.1}
Philadelphia 124,403,400 7.7 ....
St. Louis 54.340,751 .2
Plttsburg 41, .141. 491 4.0 |
Han Francisco ... 32,422,306
Baltimore 22,471.8)8 13.7]
Cincinnati 26,034,450 19. T 1
Kansas City 21.475,749 .... 19.9 !
New Orleans 17,531.334 19.6 ....j
Cleveland 15.083,116 5.3
Minneapolis 25,.'J01,934 37.3 .... 1
Detroit 10,471,810 16.0 1
Louisville 11.2H4.97S 1.5' . . . - |
Omaha 8,802,060 fi.2 ..... j
Milwaukee S, 092,105 8.S ....1
Providence 7,176,100 9.2 .... !
Buffalo 7.242,909 2.7
Indianapolis 7,<i53,5S0 11.7 ....
St. Paul " t;,S7S,5O5 .5 j
Lcs Angeles «,217,074 .... 5.1 j
St. Joseph 3,«5»O,76O , 20.0 j
Denver 4,:;,SO,:JO5 18.8;
Columbus 5.27.S.90O 5.0 ....
Memphis 5,415,815 2S.8
Seattle 5,4*7,199 12.0 ....
Richmond 4.533,425 .... .8
Washington 4,«10,ltn! .4 1
Savannah 7,404,294 17.7 ,...|
Albany fi.07ti.211 IS. 9 ....
Portland, Or 5.249.S44 25.5 ....
Fort Worth 3,891,491 4.2 ....
Toledo, Ohio 3,471.709 6.8 ....
Salt Lake City. ... 2 t S!»2,4«7 .4
Peorta 15.0
Atlanta 3,9OO.4(K> lti.8 ....
Rochester S.T73.735 22.3 . ....
Hartford 3.2.10,075 9.7 ....
Nashville 3.124.438 13.3 ....
Ehs Moines 2,868.529 7.8 ....
Spokane, Wash... 3,147,600 14.1 ....!
Tsjroma - 2.747,288 36.3
Grand Rapids 2,022,837 3.2
New Haven 2,4ti7,428 23.4 1
Dayton 1,724,359 10.3 ....
Norfolk 2,2i.W>,04« 1H.3
Springfield, Mass, l,t;$3,915 3.4
Worcester 1.488,448 3.4
Portland, Me 2.151.891 9.4 ....
Augusta 2,435.187 4.9
Topeka 1,004,693 45.5
Sioux City 1,646,293 13.7 .....
Syracuse 1.426,751 4.1 ....
Evansville ... 1,388,740 6.6
Birmingham 1,4O!I,145 16.3
Wilmington, Del.. 769,453 .... 14.4
Knoxville 1.110.S90 8.1
Davenport . 1.395.S9O .4
Little Rock 810,797 19.1
Wilkesbarre 1,055,868 16.6
Fall River 534.114 45.3
Macon S51.379 20.0
Wheeling, W. Va. 772,716 7.5
Wichita . ...I '941.8S2, 6.1 ....
Akron,.. 024,000 10.1
Chattanooga . . . 883, eO8 14.1
Sprir.gfi^Jd, 111. . U70.444 18.6
Kalaxnazoo, Mich. 852.250 .... 18.1'
Youngatown «i:«,954 17.2
Helena 548.8D7 2.8
Lexington. . . ... r . .092,858 15.9
Fanro. N. D 662,716 7.0
New Bedford .... 557,530 1.2 ....
Canton, 0 449.000 .... 21.6
Jacksonville, Fla , 7«3,969 .... 4.7
Lowell 490,«12 6.5
Chester, Pa 452.693 21,5
Greonsburg. Pa. . 376,753 12.1
Rockford 111. . .. 3S0.129 tt.7
Binphamtcn .... 45«,800 7.3
SpringHeld. O. . . 321,032 ' 38.5
Bleomlngton, 111. . r!55,0T»« 22.3
Quincy. Ill 314,844 .... 43.0
Sioux Falls. S. D. «0,*m 18.0
Mansfield. 0 1S4.H15 3.5
Decatur, 111 . ... 2!W,071 11.1
Jacksonville. 111. . 2S5,9t}7 39.0
Fremont. Neb. . . 251,456 IS. 9
•Houston 17.2H2 87. 0 9.3
•Galveston 13. 0X9.000 20.0
Charleston, S. C. 1,698.835 24.9
TMals, V. S. ..$2.5RS.07S,911 18.8 ....
Outside N. Y. . 927.249,(r.)8 3.0 .....
CANADA.
Montreal $24,181,104 3.4 ....
Toronto 1U.79O.4S8 2.">.3 ....
Winnipeg 5,«fl'.),49O 4.1
Ottawa 2,627,133 11.3
Halifax 1.717.3S2 .... 10.9
Quebec 1,942,129 .... 6.9
Vancouver, B. C. .. 1.684,333 9.9
Hamilton 1,227.1.14 9.5
LonOon. Ont 1,014,716 2.5
St. John, N. B 1,142,040 8.6
Victoria, B. C 542,360 1.5
Total?. Canada... $61, 568.380 9.5
•Not included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
The Poultry market was steady for small
young fowls which were in limited supply,
while large chickens were inclined to easiness.
Prices of all descriptions stood as previously
quoted and the market was pretty well cleaned
up at the close. A car of Western was mar
keted, making the fourth for the week, and
the receipts of domestic stock were about
70 coop3. Game was unchanged.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, old. 14®15c p«r
lb for Gobblers and 15© 16c for Hens; ycung
Turkeys, 20©22a per lb; Geese, per pair. $1 30
©I 75; Goslings, $1 75$r2; Ducks. $4 6Og5 per
dozen for old and $4 50®0 for young; Hens,
$4 50@5 for small and $5 50@6 for large; young
Roosters $5<g5 50; old Roosters. $4 50©5; Fry.
ers $4@4 50; Broilers, $393 00; Pigeons. $1 23
pe r dozen for old and $1 50@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves. 75c@$l per dozen: Gray
Geese $4 50 per dozen; - Hare. $131 50 per
dozen; Rabbits, $1 75@2 per dosen for Cotton
tails and $1 50 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
Meat Market.
There is no further change to -report uader
this head. » • - ¦ - • .
DRESSED MEATS!
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
art as follows:
BEEF— 6ft7c tot Steers and 4Q3a per lb
for Cowj. •
VEAL — Large. <5M©7*4e: smalt 708c p«r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©7%<s: Ewti. eC7a per
pound.
LAMB — 8«9c per lb.
PORK— Drecsed Hoc*. 6<?9c per Ife
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered In &an Krancfsco l«n idO
45 per cent •hrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%®7%c; Cow« mod HeJf
*r*. 5%36%c: thin Cows. 433c per lb.
CALVES — 4«4%c 9*r lb (gross weight) ' -
SHEEP— Wether.. 3%©3%c; Ew.j. 333140
per lb (grcsa weight).
LAMBS— $2 B0«2 75 per head. '.' •
HOGS— Lrve Hogs, 140 to 200 Ibf 4%os
200 to 250 lbs. 4%o; 130 lba and nadtr 4%c>
over 230 ttw. 4%c; soft Hogs, not wuttd :
8ows 20 per cent off; Boar*. 30 p« r cent off*
and Stags. 40 per cent off from abov« Q uoti*
tlons.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bass, 1305 23; San Quentim.
$4 50: Wool Ban. SOOXic: Fltee* Twla«, T%c;
Fruit Bags, 6%07%c for whit* and. 7a tor
brown Jute. . .
COAL— Wellington. IS per ton; New W#l
illngton. <8; Seattle. $6 50; Brymnt. $9 50:
Beaver Hill. |5 50: Roelyn. IT: Coos Bay,
S5 50; Richmond, $7 50; Cumberland, 113 ta
bulk and $14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Walsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannes. $9 per ton; Cok*
$11 bO<}13 per ton in bulk and $13 in lack*:
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 SO per abort
ton • -
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for eaaea
: add 5c; Linseed, 53c per gallon for bol!«d and
91c for raw; Castor Oil. In ca*es. No. 1 70c-
Bakera' A A, cases. $1 lOifil 12 : Lucol, fiOc for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases.
fl5S»0c per gallon: Cocoa nut OH. In barrel*.
08c for Ceylon arxl 35e for Australian; extra.
I bleached winter Sperm Oil, SSc; natural wtntar
Sperm Oil. tS3c; extra bleached winter WhaT*
I OIL 57c; natural Whale Oil, S2c; extra winter
»train*d Lard Oil. 75c: No. 1 Lard Oil. «5c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
C3c; light Herrirw Oil. 42e: dark H«rrtng Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. S4e; boiled Kiah OIL 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 33c; boiled Paint OIL 3Ss; raw Paint
Oil. Sic.
COAL OIL— Water WTslte Coal OIL la bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19^c; Astral. 19Vic:
Star. 19Hc: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine 28c; Eo
cene. S3c; DeodorUed Stove Gasoline, la bulk,
lflo; la cases, 22 He; Benzine, in bulk IZa: in
casts, 10%c: SB-degree Gasoline, la bulk 23c:
In caa«K. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81c p*r gallon in eaa«* and
75c in drums and Iron barrels.
BED AND WHITE LEAD— -R#.l Lead 7"*.«
7%c per 5b; WhJU Lead, 7U©7?ie. accbrdln*
to Quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Kenning Com
pany quotes as follows. pe r !b. In 10O-1D ba«a-
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed « -'5c-
Powdered, 6.10c; Candy Granulated 0 10c - Dry
Granulated, fine. Cc; Dry Granuia'ted coarse
6c: Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). S.flOc; Confectioners' A flc-
Magnolia A. r..BOc; Extra C. 3.50c; Golden C*
C.40c: "D" ».30c; barrel.. lOc more; half
barrels. 23c more: boxes. 50c more: 50- lb bass.
10c mow for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels
6.50c; boxe«. «.75c; H. A E. Crystal Dominoa"
8c p«r lb. No orders taken for leas Utaa
geventy-flve barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. OCTOBER 7. •""' " '
Flour, (jr ski... 7.844JWOOI. bales 344
5 heat, ctls 161 Tallow ctis . 2.3
Barley, ctlj .... 7.CO7, Leather, roll. " t"^
°«ts. ctls 1.197! Hides. No "' ifi
Beans, eks ... . . 3,(UI. Felts No . ?«
u~v°* a £ sks • • • , 59 - ! Lim^ fbi, : : \$
Bran, sks 1.0«5!\Vine r«i. .- 2X2
Hops, bales ...I LOilf ' bxs "" *^
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 450|
ONION?— $1(91 15 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75cQ$l 25 p«r
sack or crate; String Beans, 2%«J3o per
lb; Wax Beans, 4®4%c per lb; Lima
Beans 4'S5c per lb; Tomatoes. lo'c?
40c per box; Summer Squash. 3S@0Oc per
box: Cabbage. 75c per ctl: Carrots. 75c per sack;
Cucumbers, 25@4Oc per box; Garlic 4%4H%c
per lb; Egg Plant, 35<§5Oc per box; Dried Pep.
pers, nominal; Gre»-n Okra. 35®50c per box;
Green Peppers 35®50c per box; Marrowfat
Squash. $15 per ton.
Trade In Potatoes was acUve. as local deal
ers were purchasing freely, expecting that
subsequent receipts would be light becausa
of the rain, and several large orders for Ho "°:
lulu were being filled. The river boats did
not arrive until late and dealers wer» enabled
to clean up a good portion of the old stocx
that had been accumulating for days. Onions
were steady at previous prices, while Sweet
Potatoes were easier under Increased receipts.
Changes in miscellaneous vegetables "w#
slight. Good Tomatoes were steady, while
poor lots continued to drag at Irregular prices.
Beans of all kinds were firm and Llmas had a
slight advance.
POTATOES — Burbanks from th« river. V&9
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. *1®1 80 - per
ctl:' Sweet Potatoes. $1@1 15 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
l..VH) r Aruiconda .. j WZ%< i)b%\ »S% 09% j
iAnn Arbor | \ I "'J.
; ix* pid J---..I ! ss *>i | .
B.SOOIA T & S F '. »"-^i 82%j k'2% h2& | ,
l.tixj, Vo i>ra [ 100% (100 i w,i iw
¦. ( <A,-J,Bali <k Ohio .... yu-,»i S'Jvi W*
i Do 1).M 1 1 1 «3 U4
Bay Mate Gas.) ! I 5-10
m.7tx>;ii B T i 08%) 58 58% 58%
,l,rock Vn Oas..j.....| B22 22o
iliruns 1> & I....!.....| | O'a <W ¦
.}..... iUUtlcrtck Co -I | I 4U Jl
Canada L ; juthorn|. . . . . 1 [ W¥i <>S%
l.KOOICanadlan Pacific ! 132 >», 131% \ 1»2 132V* i
Z.MJC & O 44% «^<j 44 | 44U ;
SOOC & A i 37-lil 30% a<Vj -i^i . .
i Do pfd 1 I 80 Sj ;
aiOC & B 1 pfd....jl3j 1133 J130 UO
JC 1 i; L pfd i I I 6« « 5
3COC & O \V ] 16% 1«^«| lb^i "*
1*> pfd A I «| %^\
Do i»fd B | 25 26
Do det-s 82% .*»•'.
200 C & &X W '..i.YUa 1S8 IS, 18!»y 4 |
:;oM>or m & ?t p |ioo% it>j i** 1 ?* i' w
I Do pfd ! 1S2 184 , I
S.HiOC It 1 & P (new); 2N% 28 *-W% 2SV= j
1,(XM> Do lifd I 72 71 "l«-t •_-
' Do 4s | 7GVi .OJ*
Chi Term ;«£ «%
| Do pfd ! -14H 13% |
iChlcago Cn Trad 1% f
• Do pfd 36% 40
COO.C C C & St L.. S3% SI .82% 8-1
i Do j.fd 107 110
iClevo Lor & W 62
Do pfd : 85 .....
TOOiColo Fuel & 1.. 3«V* S'<^t\ 3<i 3«U
i Do pfd I 55
• iWColam H C & -I 12%l 12',il 12'/j 1-'%
7<X' Colorado So 19%| 19 i l'J 19 '-i
r,oo! »po 1st pfd ... 5i ( 50%! 50% r>i
8W 9)a rd pfd i 2t>*ii! 2« I 25"i 2»5
3.7W>;ronsol Gas '211 1200% 1209% 210 ,
lOOCon Tcb pfd .V-]123% 1123% 1123% 124
4Wi|Com Products ..i 15»i i 15 14»« 15
I Do pfd I ! 70V« 70%
3,4Of',Del & Hudson . . |17T!»i|172 172% 173
400; Do pfd .. 129494:234 29.! a i 294%
ID 4: R G I i 27% 2S
i Do pfd ! SO 80%
,Des II & Ft D... I I 2n»i 20
r>Ct> Detroit I'n'Ky .. 70% I 70 | 70Vi 71
.Detroit So | 4 4%
100! Do pfd | 7 7 «i% 7>i
[Diamond Match .-_.!132 1:55
ZOO, Distill Secur ... 2S% 28 2)» I 2SU
!Dis Secur bonds 6SVi 69Vi
'buluth S S & A 7»i 8
| Do pfd 12% 13%
51.4Oo;Erie ZS% 32% | 33 Xi\*
4,«h.». Do ]?t pfd ... ««%, »>sv 4 | »;>jj>; rt)%
l.:MK>i Do 2d pfd 47f* 4ti», 47»« 47%
iE & T H 5S 60
I Do pfd 75 85
,Ft W & DC 45 48
Gen Chemical 48 55
Do pfd »4% 97
S.lOOiGen Electric il71%il7O 171 171%
Great No pfd 180 1S5
lO.L'OO Green Cons Cop.. 2ui; 19"* 197* 20%
j Havana Tob Co 26 27%
I Do pfd 35% 3tS
JHW Hocking Valley . 80% 80% 80 Sl»%
j Do pfd 1 87% 89%
l.!MX>' Illinois Central.. 1423.1142% 142»s 142%
300!lnter Paper 17 ! 16% 16 17
."CO! Do pfd 75 74% 75 73
1. WO, Inter Power 65 S3 55 55%
Inter Pump 33% 34%
j Do pfd 78% 7!Hi
ilowa Central 25 25%
300. Do pfd I 45% 45 45 46
iKanawha &Michj 34»i 37%
6<J0KC Ft S &M pfd 77% 77% 77» 4 77%
iKans City So..... 23% 25
Do pfd 45^ 4(5
Keokuk & Des M 13 17
lLaclede Gas pfd SO 100
Lake E & West 31 34
I Do pfd 90 100
(Long Island -...I.. ..-.!.. ...I 55 i-58
2.900L&N 127%'127 127%jl27%
200 Manhattan 1541*1154 154V.154.%
Manhat Beach 9 | 11
10,000'Met Pecurltles .. 82% 79% ¦ 81% | 82
l-'.20O Met .St R>-. 120 11S% 119^ 120
400 M ex Central 14 13% 13% 14
...;... Minn & St L 55 50
: . . ! do let pfd 93 94
6,300 M St P & S S Ml 81 R0% SOU SI
300: do pfd 1134 JA33 133 134
3.100Mo Kan & Tex..| 25%l-24^ 25 25%
2. COO do pfd i 52 50V> 61% 52
Missouri Pacific. 'lOOHl 00 99% 99%
1,300 N C k St .L.. 130 '129 129 132
2,200 National Lead .. 22Vil 21»J 22% 22%
100; do pfd 84 I 94 93 94
800 N RKotM pfd. 40 39 39 40
JNat Biscuit .,.. . : '48 48%
I do pfd . 110 111
200 N J Central 182i; 182V 4 jlSl 1S2%
..IN Y Air Brake ..133 134-
S,5COiN T Central .. ISO 12S#,129 l»tt
N Y-C & St L.. .,?.. ..... 31\i 32%
do lbt pfd ..^- 110 116
1 do 2d pfd ,.... 64 67%
.......IN Y Dock .'..' 14 18
IN T N H & H :... 192% 19314
2,300^' Y & Ont W.. 34% 34% 34% 347*
INorf & West.... 72% 70% 71% 71%
do pfd 90 92
iXorth American 92 95
8,000 ! Northern Secur.. 113 111% 112»i 112%
Omaha 140 |15<>
do pfd ..183 195
<> S I, 4« 99U1 9i>%
100 Pacific Coaet 64% 6J% «54%| 67
I do 1st pfd 98 105
I .do 2d pfd 75 77
400 Pacific Mail 33*s 33 33! 34
35.700 Penn R R Co 133'i 132 153% 1T!}»
10,70(>;Poo;-le's Gas ... 1«IH|1O1T<i 102% 1O.J
100 Pers Marquettc. 78%l 78% 75 »0
..jPCCC&StL 71 71%
do pfd 103% 105
2,700 Pressed Steel Car 34?<i 32% 34 ¦«%
400' do pfd fcl 7'J% S0% 81%
lOOlPuliiian Car 222 227
rty Stc-cl Pp Co 22% 23
I do pfd SO 8Oi;
21 7. 200 Reading 72% 70% 71%| 71%
l.fXK) Do let pfd ... 86 86 ! 86 1 87
3,200' do 2d pfd ... 79 77 %| 77% 7S
6.200'Republic S & I. 11% 11 11% 11%
3.200! Do pfd 52 I 6m Gl% 51%
too: Rubber Goods ..21 20% 20% 21
do pfd S3 83%
«OO;S S 8 & I Co 41% 41 41 41%
400i do pfd 89% 89% 89 90
St J & G I 15 17
1,300 Do 1st pfd .-;-.] 63 1 50 52% 53%
900! do 2d pfd j 26V»i 26 25% 2»1%
iSL &. SF 1st pfd! 1 72 74
400 Do pfd 5SUI 68% DSVi 58%
400 St L & S W.... 21% 21% 21 21%
l,400j Do pfd 4SM. 47 47% 47%
20,4n0jSouthern Pacific. W% RSi; t,S% 5S%
7,oOO'Southern Ry ... 32% 32H 32V4 32%
j Do pfd 93% fM%
Standard Oil 643 '648
, ;Stand R & T 1% l*i
900Tenn C & 1 49. 48V4 48% 49
IT P L T Co 31%j :{ *
1,700, Texas Pacific ... 32% 31%) 32 32%
IThird Avenue 128% 129
iTol Ity & T Co I 20 ! 22
ITol. St L i W.. .....! 30%| 31
2001 Do pfd....' W> I 49 HI 49%; 4U%
2.00oiTwin City R T.. IClTit 0»% 101% 1102
48,100 ! Union Pacific .. 103%;i02%!l03 tt03%
I Do pfd 03% 94
I . Do conv 4's 106% 107
United Copper 5 8
U Rds of S F 12%!
700 Do pfd 67% 57 W • 57
I Do 4's I 82% f 83
100U 6 C I P 13 . 13 {13 1 14
lOOi fco Pfd 61V61 W>% Cl
. . .lU S Express 115 |120
1 200 U S Leather »%] 9% 9%. 9%
f 300t Do pfd.. ." «7«i, 87% 87% R7%
5,O00;i; S Rubber 24 •* 23% 23% 24
1800 Do pfd 80% 79% f*O 80»4
17.e00;C 8 Steel Cor... rlSH 17% 17% 18
e3,7f>0! Do pfd 75% 74% 74% 74%
nOOVa-Car Chem Co 34% 34% 83% 34%
1200 Do pfd .'107 100% 106% 106%
BOOWabash 1»?4 19% 19% 20
500 Do pfd 41% 40% 41 41%
Do deb B's «4% 65
'. |Well?»-Fsrisro Ex 237 |245
500 "Western ¦ Union . 92 01% ftiail 92
l,600!Westinghouse ..160 164 165% 106>
! Do 1st prd .".... 18.">! 1195
i JWiLB 17% 18
I Do 1st pfd... 44 46
{ Do 2d pf d .' 2."> 2tJ
100 Wisconsin Cent 19 20
100! 1V> Pid .. .. 44% 43% 44 I 45
ISouth Pac.pfd...|115Tii_115%ill5% 115%
773,200 total shares sold.
>*c\v York Bonds.
U S ref 2s re*. -104%! L & N unified 4s. 10U{
Do coupon 104%lMan con gold 4s. 104%
Do 3s reg 104%| M«x Central 4«... 60 .
Do coupon 105Vi' . Do 1st Inc 17%
Do new 4s reg.13; SI Minn & St L. 4s. 97»i
Do coupon i:si%JM. K & Texas 4s. 101
Do old 4« reg. 100%! Do 2ds ......... 81%
Do coupon 10«%!NR G t Mex cqn 4s 77%
Atch sen 4s 102 I N Y C gen S^B. .100
Do adj I* »7 IN' J C gen 5s.... 134%
>tlan»'- " L < B - «*% ; Nor Pacific 4s.... 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s.1«2 Do 3s ,..:..... 74%
Do "tt* • 85UJNor & W con 4s.I0O%
Central of Ga 5s.l27%i OSL 43 & ¦partic. 0-.U4.
Do 1st Inc 82V.! Pa .eonv. 3^, ] 0 0%
ChM & Ohio 4'4«.irciVi r R«»adInjr «n 4s...l0i
Chi t- Alton 3>4s. SimSL&lH con .is.ll.V
P bVqdcw'45. «>7%IS L" & S F f B 4s. M\%
CM r- FP sn 4?.1 r !!t>A l Ft Louis SW lsts. 7R^
C & NW con 7«.128V I Seaboard A L 4s. M«,
CRT* Pac 4s. "fi'AlSo Pacific 4s..... 9I«
'Tin col r*. W iPo Railway 5s 117%
CO C tk SLgn 40.101 U,\ Tex & Pac lsts.121
rhl"T»mi 4s 77U.'Tol. St L & W 4s. 7!»
Cons Tobacco 4s. 73 HI Union Pacific 4s. 105
Colo ft So 4s Rfi'AI Do conv 4s.. ..-.107
c'f & I con Ps. 75 1TI S Steel 2d 5s.. St
Den & Rio O 4s.lOf'H' Wabaiih 1«U .....118
Eric prior lien 4«. 09^1 Do rtcb B .;..: 64%
Do R«>n'4K ..... S7VTV &.' L Erie 4s... !K>«4
v VT A- D C Ists.lioif! WIs Central 4«..,91%
Hook Val iVf...10$>;'
New. York Minlnjf Stocks.
A'larr.s Con C"' Little Chief ..... M
A'.lr« n:>\ Ontario .'. . . . ..... -S SO
I nr«efp IS'Onhlr 2 ."50
¦ P.run>> Cr.n 0(1 Phoonlx IS
Com Tunnel .... .lttPotos! .:...." 16
Con Cal & Va... 1 751 Favase 32
Knra Silver 1 an' S'rrra JCevada 3(1
Tron PHver 1 flft' Prnall Hopes 71
Lcadville Con...- . 02! Standard .-. ..;..„• 1 85
CHICAGO, Oct. 7. — SiCT3 of weakness were
manifested in the wheat market at the imme
diate opening. Sentiment among pit traders
generally showed an inclination to favor the
bear side 01 the ' market. ' This reversal of
recent existing conditions was due chiefly to
a belief by many traders that the present lib
eral rate of wheat deliveries In the North
west was likely to continue for a month or
more. Additional incentive to sell was fur
nished by the weak tone of cables. Initial
quotations showed slight losses, December be
ing unchanged to Me lower, .at SiiO9i£@l OB%.
May was a shade to %«f!ic lower at $1 <w>
1 09%. Large receipts in the Southwest start
ed active selling by houses with Southwestern
connections. This was followed by profit tak
ing on the part of numerous small longs,
who were afraid to hold lines over the holi
days. Practically the only demand came from
shorts. Buyinir to cover shorts" sales was
not of sufficient volume to absorb offerings.
In consequence prices readily declined. A re
port by a St. Louis trade paper, stating that
no complaints of consequence had been received,
brourht out additional selling. Late in the
day a rally of about a cent occurred on buying
by shorts, December closing at $1 0Sl4®l 08%.
Final quotations on May were at $1 0»@l 09V».
Extreme weakness prevailed In the corn
market as a result of continuous liquidation
on the part of local traders. • December opened
?ic to He lower and closed l^c lower at
48%c.
The weakness of wheat and corn had com
paratively little effect on the oats market,
prices showing only a slight decline. Decem
ber closed at 3OU@3O%c.
Provisions were affected by the break in
grain prices, the market becoming weak during
the latter part of the session. Selling by local
holders was the cause of the weakness. At the
close January pork was down 25<9 l 27i4c; lard
was down 12VjC.
The leading future* .ranged as follows:-
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
October 1 08%
December ... 1 0994 ' 1-O9V4 1 07 1 08%
May 1 09Ti 1 10% 1 08 I 09
Corn No. 2 —
October ;... 48%
December ... 4914 «% 48»4 48%
May 47 47 45% 46%'
Oats Xo 2 —
October 30i» 3OV4 29% 80
December ... 30"^ 80Vj 30% 30%
May 32% 82% 32% 82%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October 11 55 11 55 11 85 11 45
December ...11 70 11 70 11 50 11 55
January . . . .13 27% 13 85 18 02% 13 02%
Lard per 100 pound3 —
October .... 7 70 7 75 7 CO 7 60
December ... 7 55 7 67% 7 45 - 7 45
January .... 7 60 7 65 7 47% 7 47%
May 7 67% 7 «7% 7 62% 7 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 7 9TVi T 97% 7 90 7 00
January 6 87U 0 90 6 75 6 T5
May 6 97}i 6 07% 6 85 6 85
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
There has been very little change In retatl
prices since last week. Butter, Cheese and
Egg3 have a firmer tendency at wholesale, but
retail rates have not been affected as yet.
There are plenty of Fruits and Vegetables
to be had. and Meats, Fish and Poultry arc
In good supply. Gray Geese are added to the
list of Game.
COAL, PER TON—
Wellington .$— @10 00 New
Seattle *— & 8 50 Wellington $— @10 00
Roslyn $— ® 9 00 Wellington
Richmond ..5—® 9 50 Nut ... $— ® 8 00
Coos Bay . .$ — @ 7 50
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter. choice, sq. 50© eO Eggs,/ per dozen:
Do goad 4«g:45 Ranch 40ijM5
Do packed.ib.27V-@3!) Storage — ©35
Cheese. Cal ....100151 Eastern — @30
Cheese, Eastern.2O(S23J Honey comb. lb.l5'S20
Cheese. Swiss . .25@35| Do extracted .. SS10
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, large, ea.«6®00| Geese, each .. — «$1 50
Do small . ...50@60 Goslings ...... ?l 75#2
Young Roosters. pigeons, pair . . — 6?.">0
each 75c!g$l Squabs, per palr.5Oc.36:> ;
Old Roosters, ea.5Q®fi5! Wild Doves. doz.?l 25
Fryers, each . .50-860 Gray Geese, ea. .— @50
Broilers, each... 40@50| Rabbits, each ..20 / 92."i
Turkeys, per lb.27©30 Hare each — @25
Ducks, each . ..65c®$l|
MEATS, PER POUND—
Roast Beef: I Mutton Chops .. — ©13
Choice cuts... 15®20[ Pork Chops — #15 :
Do plain log 12 Vj I Veal Cutlets '....151113
Roast Veal ..12V4@15l Corned Beef ....— <$ 8
Roast Pork ..12Vj©15 Beef Stew 8®10
Poreqtr Lamb.— @12H Mutton Stew ... 5tt 8
Hindqtr Lamb...— <§13 Veal Stew ....10^12'i
Foreqtr Mutton.. 8@10 Soup Meat 5^10
Leg Mutton . . . . — ©10 Soup Bonea .... 4Sf —
Tndrloin Steak.l2%@15 Hams ir.@16
Portrhse Steak.. 18@20 Bacon 15@2O
Sirloin Steak. .12^A@15 Pork Sausage. .12HC15
Round Steak.. 100 12 H Chipped Beef ..200 —
Lamb Chops ...15@20 Lard 12^@—
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligtr Pears,ea.20@25| Limes, doz ".10®15
Almonds .16(320 Nutmeg Melons,ea.5@10
Apples 4@ 81 Orange*, do« 30@CO
Blackberries, per Peaches, lb 6@ 8
drawer 16@U'5 Plums, lb 6@ 3
Chestnuts, lb ..15@20 Pears, lb *& 8
Cranberries, qt..lO®15l Pineapples, each. — @50
Cantaloupes, ea..lO015|Pomegranatea. dz.30®50
Pecans — ©20 Persimmons, doz. — @50
Brazil Nuts 20®— Quinces 3@ 5
Bananas, doz . .25<g35 Raisins, lb 10@15
Cocoanuts. each. — 610 Raspberries, per
Figs, dried, lb.. 6@10 drawer .25@50
Do. fresh. lb.lO<512H Strawberries,
Grape Fruit, dz.75c@$l per drawer ...15@40
Grapes lb 3» 61 Walnuts, per lb.l5«20
Hcklebrrles, lt>12^@15| Watermelons. ea.l5f33
Lemons, doz 20@30;
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, do*. 30@50| Leeks, dz bunch.l5(f20
Beets, dozen 10@ — [Mushrooms. lb..50cS$l
Beans, white, lb. 5© — ! Onions, per lb .. — @'2
Colored, per lb. 5@ — lOkra, dried, lb.^O® —
Dried fclraa. lb. 5» 6! Do green, lb . . 3® 5
Green Lima .... 6@ 81 Potatoes, per lb.lV.®2
Cabbage each .. 5@10 Parsnips, P«r dz.l5@20
Celery, head ... 5010 Radishes, dz bch.lf.<S20
Creas, dz bunch. 15# — I Sage, dz bnches.25@ —
Cucumbers, doz. 10«15l String Beans, lb. 6@ 8
Garlic 6® 8 Summer Squash.
Green Peppers,lb.5®10 per lb — @5
Dried Peppers ..10® 20 Sprouts, per lb.. — <3 6
Egg Plant, lb... 4® 61 Spinach, per lb.— © 5
Green Peas. lb.. 5@ 6| Sweet Potatoes.lb— @ 2
Green Corn: I Thyme, dz bnchs.25©30
Choice doz . . .2R&35! Turnips, per doz. — 015
Do common . .15(3201 Tomatoes, lb 3@ 5
Lettuce, per doz.l.'i'3'.'iO' .
FISH. PER POUND
Barracouta — @15| Rockcod —015
Carp 10@12%!gea Bass —615
Catfish —©12V.: Smelts — «?15
Codfish — 012>4 Soles : 10«15
Flounders 100 — Skates, each 1C315
Halibut lBiff— Squid — «IO
1 Herring 8(»10 Tomeod 10-B—
Mackerel — @— Turbot 20®—
Do horse ....IMS 1 — 'Trout ...—©75
Rockflsh — ©12% Whlteflsh :.10@—
! Salmon, fresh . .— <O— Clams, gallon ..600—
: Do smoked ...—($23 Do hardshell, lb S610
Sardines — <fr— Crawfish, per lbl2Vj«15
Shad l(¥t— Crabs each — « —
Striped Bass ...15iff20 Mussels, lb 12V.«?15
Perch 10?f— I Oysters Cal. 100.4fVff50
: Pompino — ©50: Do Eastern, dz.30<?40
Family Retail Market.
Speltf-r was also unchanged in the New
Tor- market where It" Is quoted at $5 I(*g5 20.
Tlii London market remains steady at £22 lf.s.
Iron closed at 5Us Od in Glasgow and at 4:'.s
(Id in Mlddlc-sboro. Locally Iron was un
changed at yesterday's advance. No. 1 foun
dry Northern, $14 25014 75; No. 2 do, $14@
14 50- No 1 foundry Southern and No. 1 do.
soft, at *13 75&14 05.
sold down to $1 75. A broker's wire from
Ventura said of LJmas: "Weather «howery,
market firm, farmers not selling.** This de
scription was quoted firmer. There were sales
of Pinks within the quoted nngt.
BEANS-Bayos. $2 15©- 50; Pea. $2 ftO«3 10;
Butters. $2 75«3 : small Whlt£ *2 MeJ»:
large White. $2 20©2 60: Pink, $2 J5@J;
Red $3 75«4: Lima. *i«4 15: Red Kidney*.
$4«?4 25: Blackeyes. $2 33©2 55 per cU; Hors.
Beans. $1 85@2 40. , , ~~Z! _
SEEDS — Brown Mu3tard. nominal: Yellow
Mustard. $3 23; Flax Jl 90©3 25: Canary «*
C7c: Alfalfa. lS^dlG^c: Rape. lfe®2%c:
Timothy. 5%c; Hemp, 3Vi®3%c per lb; Millet,
2*4fi3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20©21 per ton.
!>RIED PEAS— Nlles. »2©2 23; new Greea
Peas. $2©2 23 per ctL .,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIJ, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1904.
>v> Continued on Page Fourteen;.
Lead closed, a little .higher at. £12 1b 3d
in London, but remained unchanged locally
at $4 20©4* 30. :. • . -
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
100 Horses for Sale.
v£m V# BUTTON will sell at PUBLIC ACC<
HON. ONE HUNDRED HORSES, broker*
ana unbroken, weighing from lo«O to ISO'S
£° Un . » -*P>1« is the third and last consign-
ment of the double square horses which will
«w offered at auction thi» season and ar« th*
best all-purpose horses ever offered for ••!•
on this market.
Sale Takes Place MONDAY, Oct. 10
At J. B. HORWS m SALESYARD,
Cor. TENTH and BRTAXT ST3.
Horses can be seen at yards any day prerl-
OU» in sal*. *Overheard at Breakfast Table.
John— At last a •alt; that runs freely. ~.
Mrs. John— Yes'.dear; it's Leslie Sterilized'Salt.-
John — That man Leslie is a benefactor, sure.*
Nash A. Palunco, convicted of burg
lary by. a jury, in Judge Cook's court,
was sentenced yesterday to serve five
years in San Quentin. He broke into
the warehouse of Scott & Magner,
44 9 Berry street, on June 22 and stole
eleven bales of hay and six sacks of
oats. Charles E. Trulsen, tried for
grand larceny but convicted of petty
larceny in Judge Lawlor's court, was
sentenced to serve four months in the
County Jail. He stole a coil of copper
wire valued at $110 from Carl I*.
Schalltz, 311 Howard street, on July
11; ; • •
Prisoners Are Sentenced.
A reception was tendered the Rev.
Father P. E. Mulligan on Thursday
evening by the faculty and students
of Sacred Heart College. Father Mul-
Ijgan is a graduate of the college and
the honor was paid him on his ap
pcintment as rector of St. Joseph's
Church. In the course of his remarks
In acknowledgment of the honor paid
him by the college. Father Mulligan
told of the value of a religious edu
cation. Among- those present be
sides the faculty and students were
the Rev. Father Edward P. Dempsey
and the Rev. Father William P. Sul
livan. The Rev. Brother Xenophon
presided.
Father P. E. Mulligan Honored.
„ Fire started in the basement of the
building occupied by Thomas .-Day &
Co.. at 725 Mission street, early yester
day evening." Two .gas - explosions
caused by the crossing of wires with
a volume of smoke shooting up the
elevator shaft, warned the occupants
on the floor above that there was a
fire. Fireman extinguished it before
it had gained headway. The, stock in
the building was composed of gas and
electric fixtures and supplies: There
was a fire in this building a short time
ago. ; ;.;¦;'> '-.-.:.: .-•'.."'¦',¦ :
Crossed Wires Start Fire.
Fabers, the Grocers, will : redeem your
"Call" Tea : Garden Drips Coupon. 119
Taylor street and 1001 Fillmore street. •
The first of a series of free lectures
to be given under the auspices of the
South Park Settlement, 86 South Park,
took place last night in the gymnasium
of the settlement and delighteda good
sized audience. The lecturer last night
was Mrs. Bernard Moses, who 'told of
her experiences in the far off Island
of Java, exhibited stereopticon pic
tures of scene in Java, and what was
o* more interest 'to the feminine por
tion Of the audience, Filipino and
Japanese dresses. ' Professor Mary
Roberts Smith rendered" several mu
sical selections.'
Settlement Gives Lecture.
When the hair Is thin, and gray Parker's
Hair Balsam renews the growth and color.
Parker's Ginger Tonic the beat cough cure. •
SUES SOUTHERN PACIKIC.-^John W\
Parmelee yesterday «n«d tha Southern Pae£Sa
Company for $10,000 damages for lnjurie* al
leged to have been received on May 24 by b«
ing struck, by a locomotive on Townsand
street. He says he was walltfnf; along tb*
west side of the thoroughfare with WiUtaa
Schooley and they had no warning of tls« «n
glne"s approach.
WARRICK PLEADS G V I LTY.— Noah War
rick, a soldier, charged with assault to mur
der, pleaded guilty in Judge Cook"» court ye«
terday to a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. He will be sentenced on October 14.
A motion to set aside the information had
previously been denied. The defendant stabbed
George H. Woodward, another soldier, on Pa
cific street on June 4 during a free fight.
The Paraiso Springs are always opes. *
The appeal case of Charles Buckley
and Arthur Murphy, deputy pound
keepers, convicted by Police Judge
Fritz of cruelty to animals and fined
$20 each, was argued before Judge
Cook yesterday. The Judge affirmed
the judgment of the lower court and
in doing so said: "A poundman
should know before he tries to capture
a dog whether or not it has a tag. If
he does not know, then he makes the
attempt at his peril. If in trying 'to
capture a dog with a tag on he should^
maim or kill the canine .he renders
himself liable for damages to the
owner."
On March 14 Captain W. C. Overton
of the Presidio was driving on Van
Ness avenue in a buggy with his wife.
His dog was running along- under the
vehicle. Buckley and Murphy made
several attempts to capture the dog,
although Captain Overton pointed out
to them that it had a tag. In so do-
Ing they injured one of the animal's
legs by striking it with the pole at
tached to the net. They were ar
rested for cruelty to animals and con
victed and fined on March 23.
Judge Cook Affirms Conviction of
Charles Buckley and Arthur Mur
phy for Cruelty to Animals.
Those goins on the excursion of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway to WUUts. Sun
day. October 9, have In store for them a mem
orable outing. Aa far as Ukiah the train will
pass through lovely valleys. Leaving there it
wl.I commence to ascend the mountains and
the asrent continues to RIdgewood. the sum
mit, about nineteen hundred feet above the sea
WIlHts Is found nestled In a lovely valley at
the bottom of the grade on the other side of
the ridge. After luncheon the train will be
run into the virgin redwoods and to the mills
and ponds of the Northwestern Redwood Com
pany. Each ticket sold insures a seat. Tickets
now on sale for $:'..0O each at ti.iO Market street
(Chronicle building) and Tiburon ferry. The
starting: time from this city is 7:30 a. m. and
from Wlllits en the return 4:00 p. m. •
A Ride Into the Mountains.
Large Attendance at Mission.
The mission now in progress ln St.
Francis Church is attracting larga
numbers, many of whom are non-
Catholics. This week is devoted to the
women of the parish and next week
will be for men. The feast of St.
Francis of Assisi, the patron taint of
the church and of this city, will be
solemnly celebrated to-morrow. Tha
Very Rev. Father Nugent, C. M.. who
is conducting the mission, will preach
the panegyric of the saint at the 11
o'clock mass.
LAYS DOWN RULES FOR
POUXDMEX'S GUIDAXCE
RUSH IT. Gabriel Printing Co.. "Print Aaj
tbmg." 419 Sacramento it. Nsv«r disappoint.*
"We have converted our picture room
into a beautiful art gallery for the ex
hibition and sale of moderate priced
paintings, water colors, pastels, etchings
and fine photographs. Inspection cor
dially invited. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
A New Art Gallery.
It is only a few months ago that
three brakemen on the "north end,"
between Salinas and this city, were ar
rested for the same work and it is now
expected that an end will be put to the
looting of cars by employes for some
time to come.
John C. Weston and Frank Rixey,
Southern Pacific brakemen, are in the
City Prison waiting their transfer to
Santa Barbara, where three charges of
grand larceny will be preferred against
them. W. E. Lynch of the 'firm of
Lynch & Meyers, saloon-keepers, Santa
Barbara, is under arrest there on a
charge of receiving stolen property.
Weston and Rixey have been in the
service of the Southern Pacific - Com
pany since 1901. They were employed
as brakemen on freight trains on the
"south end," between Salinas and
Santa Barbara. For the last two years
the company has been receiving claims
for goods shipped but not delivered.
Two months ago Detective Peter Lewin
of the company's staff was detailed on
the case. He went to Santa Barbara
and procured the assistance of Chief of
Police Ross.
After a patient investigation suspi
cion fell upon Weston and Rixey and
it was discovered later that Lynch had
been acting as a "fence" for them.
Lynch employed a man named Theo
dore Butgenbach as a traveling sales
man to dispose of the goods stolen by
the two brakemen. Butgenbach was. a
salesman for E. Hillman & Co., a
wholesale tobacco house in Santa Bar
bara. The chief part of the plunder
consisted of cigars and liquors and of
these whole cases were stolen. Other
articles were silk goods, shotguns, cam
eras and typewriters.
Lewin and Chief Ross recovered a
quantity of the stolen cigars in Lynch's
house in Santa Barbara and in a saloon
owned by J. Frediani. A* thorough
search is still being made for more of
the stolen property. Lewin says that
Lynch has made a full confession.
Weston is a married man and lived
in San" Luis Obispo. Rixey boarded
with him. Weston opened a bank ac
count and has several hundred dollars
to his credit. It is estimated that the
total value of the goods stolen will
reach from JSOOO to $10,000. The way
they worked the scheme was to remove
the seal from a car with a pair of nip
pers. After opening the car door and
¦removing the goods they would again
carefully affix the seal.
Weston was arrested at Third and
Townsend streets at the request of. the
superintendent of the division on Oct
ober 3 by Detective Ryan of the local
police and Detective Kipdelon of the
Southern Pacific. Rixey was arrested
at the same place, on Thursday by De
tective Ryan and Detective Lewin.
Each when arrested had a suit case
containing stolen cigars and liquor.
Southern Pacific Company
Has Two Employes Arrest
ed for Breaking Freight
It is said General Miles has made a
great deal of money out of his Texas
oil well ventures.
Forecaster Wlllson Predicts More
Storms for To-Day Throughout
the Whole of California.
The storm of yesterday was of con
siderable extent, but with the excep
tion of the raisin district the "Weather
Bureau stations reported that showers
were not severe. The barometer waa
low from Los Angeles to Seattle and
conditions were generally unsettled.
Thunder storms were reported from
Boise, Idaho; Baker City, Or., and
towns in Northern California. In San
Francisco showers were frequent
throughout the afternoon and even
ing. The precipitation In this city
was .07 in the twenty-four hours pre
ceding 5 o'clock last night.
More showers may be expected to
day and Forecaster Willson states that
there are signs that a storm may coma
in from the ocean.
SAYS BRAKEHEN
LOOTED CARS
Albert Mahony will not have to be
tried on the charge of presenting a
fraudulent salary demand when he
was County Clerk, according to a de
cision rendered by the Supreme Court
yesterday. His demurrer to the in
dictment of the Grand Jury is sus
tained and by reason of a technical
error he will escape prosecution.
The specific offense with which Ma
hony was charged* was the cashing of
,a warrant drawn in favor of A. Da
vidson, who is said by some to have
visited the City Hall years ago. but
by others it is alleged that he had
seen it only from Market street. At
any rate, he did not work in the Coun
ty Clerk's office, but was collecting
$100 a month.
The Grand Jury indicted .Mahony.
but he alleged that the complaint did
not state facts sufficient to constitute
cause of action. His stand Is upheld.
Supreme Conrt Finds Indictment Does
Xot State Facts Sufficient to
Warrant Prosecution.
FORMER COUNTY CLERK
MAHONY ESCAPES TRIAL
SHOWERS ARE FREQUENT
ALL ALONG THE COAST
Alec Marks, a prominent Australian,
who has been making a fifteen months'
tour of the world and has been visiting
this city, leaves to-day for Vancouver.
Mr. Marks waa for several years con
nected with the Japanese consular ser
vice, and his good work in this line was
highly appreciated.
While In the Orient recently Mr.
Marks was 'lavishly entertained and re
ceived the decoration of the Legion of
Honor from the Emperor of Japan.
This favor was bestowed upon* him
for his faithful services during the
twenty-four years he acted as Consul
General for the Japanese Government
in Melbourne.
A farewell reception was tendered
Mr. Marks by the members of the
Coo-ee Club. Mrs. Dr. Myers acted as
hostess, and the health of the guest
was pledged after a neat speech by the
president of the club, Rev. Isidore
Myers,. The Coo-ee Club has but re
cently organized, and one of its chief
objects is to receive visitors from Aus
tralia and make their stay in this city
pleasant.
Coo-ee Club Tenders
a Reception to
Alec Marks.
VISITOR FROM THE ANTIPODES I
WHO IS BEING ENTERTAINED I
BY FELLOW-COUNTRYMEN. J
F. W. Hall, vice president of the
club, was master of ceremonies and
his list of talkers embraced the names
of James D. Phelan. John McNaught,
J. C. Wilson, George T. Bromley, J.
Wilson Shiels, Vanderlynn Stow,
Thomas J. Barbour, Joseph R. Howell,
Charles W. Fay, W. T. Barton and
Hugh M. Burke.
Mr. Phelan spoke entertainingly of
his travels abroad and his sojourn in
Paris., Incidentally he referred to a
gift to the club which he brought home.
The present is a replica of "Le Baiser"
by Rodin, the celebrated sculptor. The
original is in the Luxembourg.
James D. Phelan Raphael Welll. Thomas J.
Barbour. S. D. Brastow, Alexander G. Hawes,
R. B. Wallace. George T. Bromley, S. Steln
hart. W. T. Barton, John McNaught Hugh
M. Burke. J. R. Howell Samuel McMurtrie.
P. K. Ainsworth, F. W. Hall, Charles S.
Aiken. E. J. de Sabla. Louis Sloss. J. C. Wil
son. Enrique Grau, Fremont Older, Vanderlynn
Stow, N. J. Tharp. J. Wilson Shiels, Charles
W. Fay.
The following were present:
Newton J. Thorp supervised the dec
orations. The simple beauty of the
scheme was greatly admired. The cen
ter of the table was a mass of rose
chrysanthemums. Gold fish swam in
water contained in an elevated col
umn of glass. Softened light descended
from electric globes placed in an arbor
of oak leaves over the table.
A delightful dinner in compliment to
James D. Phelan, president of the Bo
hemian Club, was given last evening
In the red room of the club. This menu
devised by Raphael Weill was offered:
MENU:
Toke Points en Coquille.
Vleux Madere.
Queue de Bo«uf aux Quenellei.
Schloss Johannisberger
1S93.
Black, Cod. Sauce Mousseline.
Noisette de Mouton Tour d' Argent.
Cnambertln Zlger-Belair.
Vol au Vent Fantaele.
Jambon Glace au Champagne.
Salade Romalne.
De St. Marceaux & Co.
1S92 Vin Brut.
Dindonneaux Truffes.
Aubergines Farcies.
. -Nesselrode Pudding.
Former Mayor of City Talks
Entertainingly of Travels
in France and England
BEINGS HOME A GIFT
"Nay. nay." he said: "I don't have
to work. The world owes me a living,
and I propose to collect the debt with
out descending: to toil."
He repeated the sentiment when
placed before Judge Ccnlan for trial
<^n the charge of defrauding an inn
keeper, and without hesitancy his
Honor gave him three months' impris
onment. "The taxpayers of San Fran-
Richard Fowler ate an expensive
dinner in the restaurant of John Chris
tian and then calmly pleaded inability
to pay for it. Mr. Christian consid
erately offered him menial employment
In the kitchen, but Mr. Fowler declined
without thanks.
Nor did G. A. Cummings display re-
Fpect for the law's requirements when
he started to build a block of fiats on
Sacramento street, near Spruce, wita
<>ut having legal permission to do so.
Between the times of his arrest and
his appearance before Judge Mogan
he obtained the requisite permit, and
he was dismissed with a caution.
Somewhat similar disregard for the
rights of citizens was exhibited by
John V>rs, who blockaded the Post-
Btreet car tracks for twenty-seveit
minutes and delayed no less than six
carloads of passengers, while he
calmly unloaded bricks from his
wagon. He ignored alike the anathe
mas and implorations of the car crews
and faithfully obeyed the instructions
of a hodcarrier who desired to have
the bricks placed where he could most
handily pet them. Mr. Vers was fined
?20 by Judge Mogan.
MIciael Santry, plasterer, also
showed a lack of respect for other peo
ple's rights by utilizing as a mortar
bed the entire sidewalk fronting a
house on Sacramento street, between
Laguna and Octavia, thus compelling
pedestrians to walk upon the roadway
until they passed the obstruction.
"I did It," Mr. Santo* explained to
Judge Mogan, "because the policeman
en that beat never told me that I
chould not do It."
"On the same line of reasoning,"
commented his Honor, "I suppose, you
¦would commit suicide if a policeman
tailed to advise you to remain alive."
Sentence to-day.
a • •
* . • *
"Ton had no right to destroy this
complainant's property," said the
court. "I will sentence you to-mor
row."
"I didn't think it was unlawful." he
replied. "Before the fence was erected
1 used to go across the lot and thus
s&ve about a block of walking dis
tance, and when the graders blockaded
State street I found that I would have
to walk an extra block in order to get
to rny homa. Then I made the short
cut."
When the grading contractors
blocked State street and made it incon
venient fur Maurice O'Neill to pass to
and from his home. No. S7, on the ob
structed thoroughfare, he Uid not at
tt-miJt either to climb over or to re
inove the obstructions, but procured
an ax .ind chopped down portions of
the fence surrounding a lot leased by
Mrs. Hannah Scott, widow, of 4060A
Seventeenth street, and thus made
clear passageway for himself and fam
ily. Widow Scott then had him 'ar
rested for malicious mischief.
"Why did you do such an unlawful
thing?" Judge Mogan asked Mr.
O'Neill.
Patrolman Nelson, however, disput
ed the claim of sobriety and the case
went over for further hearing to-day.
Kittle Brown and Estelle May
chewed gum industriously as they
stood up before Judge Mogan to ex
plain their reason for loitering at Pa
cific and Kearny streets very early
yesterday morning. They had evident
ly taken especial pains with their
toilet, for fresh pinks nestled In Miss
Brown's frizzy coiffure and Miss May
wore'a corsage bouquet of mixed roses.
"We were just taking a walk." Miss
Brown informed the court, "and I
think this officer had very, little to
do when he arrested us."
"Me and Kittle are chums, you
know," Miss May explained, '.'and its
funny .„ that sober ladies can't take a
walk without being arrested."
"Keep that $5 bail money," wrote K.
F. Martin, arrested for sleeping in
Union Square last Wednesday night.
"It's not worth bothering about. It
may Interest you to know that I sleep
out of doors because my doctor has
ordered me to take the fresh-air cure."
The bail money was accordingly for
feited.
« • • •
Disinterested witnesses proved the
complaint, however, and as their tes
timony trickled the eyes of Mr. Stev
enson showed only white.
Frank Stevenson, a negro, was pro
nounced guilty of disturbing the peace*
of William Marks, a 72-year-old white
man, with whom he lived in the same
house on Stark street, and Judge Mo
gan will sentence him to-day. The
complainant testified that the defend
ant persecuted him in various ways,
such as swearing at him.
"Fo* do lub ob hebbin, doan yo*
b'lieve no sech stoary as dat, Jedge,"
Mr. Stevenson exclaimed. "Ise a mem
bah ob <Je church, I is, an' nebbah
sweah at no pusson. Xo, sah; Ise
couldn't cuss eben ef Ise wanted ter."
Joe Mulhatton, charged with stealing
a coat from Henry Wantz, proprietor
of a Clay street lodging-house/ was sent
to the Insanity Commissioners by'Judgc
Mogan, before whom he proved himself
either a most unscrupulous prevari
cator or an accomplished portrayer of
human dementia. He disclaimed recol
lection of stealing the coat, and un
blushlngly declared that it was his own
coat, and not the one stolen from
Wantz, that he was wearing when a
policeman found him leading worship
at a Salvationist meeting, although
there was positive evidence to the con
trary. The coat which was found in the
place the Wantz garment was stolen
from contained in its pockets several
letters addressed to Mulhatton, yet he
ingenuously averred that he had never
seen the garment before.
"Your guilt has been clearly estab
lished," said the Judge to the defend
ant, "but your denials lead me to sus
pect that your mind Is unbalanced.
Were you ever in an asylum for the in
sane?"
"I was confined four months in the
lunatic asylum at Phoenix, Ariz.," was
the answer. "My head was injured in
a mine accident, and since then I have
had several relapses of insanity."
Two of the letters aforementioned
were addressed to Mulhatton's married
sister at Washington. D. C, and in
formed her that he was organizing
"The Soul-saving Soldiers of 'America,"
to work along the lines pursued by the
Salvation Army and its established riv
als. If the Lunacy Commission find
that he is not a fit subject for an asy
lum he will be sent to the Superior
Court to answer the burglary charge
on which he was arrested.
• • •
H. F. Martin, accused of vagrancy,
told such a convincing story to a couple
of shrewd Police Court lawyers that
they bailed him out for ?5, and then he
walked out of Judge Mogan's court
room and disappeared while they were
in quest of a mythical bank book which
he had said could be found at a certain
place. He has not since been seen, and
Bailiff Hickey offers odds of five to one
that the attorneys will never recover
their money. A bench warrant is out
for his capture.
H. J. Woods, arrested for vagrancy,
informed Judge Mogan that he recently
arrived from Australia, is a profession
al artist and makes a specialty of por
traits in black and white. His artistic
endeavor has been confined to sketch
ing the heads of ladies of the tender
loin, he added, and he found the noc
turnal hours most convenient for the
handling of his subjects. That's how
he came to be seen entering and emerg
ing from disreputable houses at all
times of night.
"If you are an artist." said Judge
Mogan, "the profession has no reason
to be proud of you. But my opinion is
that you're a shabby genteel loafer,
and it will afford me pleasure to send
you to jail to-morrow."
Charles "Wilson. Con Sheehan and H.
A. Hansen were promenading Kearny
street when the latter gentleman be
came involved in a dispute with Chin
Jim as to which of them had right of
priority to a certain portion of the side
walk. Mr. Hansen struck Chin Jim,
and some of the assaulted one's com
patriots went to his aid, whereupon
Wilson and Sheehan "mixed in." and
the racial war was a merry one when
the three Caucasians were arrested.
Judge Cabaniss fined Mr. Hansen, the
original aggressor, $15, taxed Mr. Wil
son $5 and discharged Mr. Sheehan.
cisco don't owe you a living," said his
Honor, '"but I'm sure they will cheer
fully pay the cost of your board and
lodging: while you are in jail."
Return of James D. Phelan
the Occasion of Delightful
Dinner at Bohemian Club
Judges Give Salutary Lessons to Those
Who Overstep Their Privileges.
OWL SALUTES
THE PRESIDENT
Noted Australian
Visits the City
Widow's Fence Razed by O' Neill With His Ax
Complaint Brings Him to Bar of Justice
Rights Protected by the Police Court
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, OCTOBER S. 1004.
16
ADVjgKTISKMEXTS.
WANTON
DECEPTION
¦ #
Every city teems with unprincipled grocers
who recommend cheap counterfeits of high-
grade goods with the assurance that they are
just as good as the genuine. There is greater
profit in selling imitations— therefore the decep-
tion. Unscrupulous imitators are placing in-
ferior brands of chocolate and cocoa on the
market w.th the direct intention of misleading
the public. They are marketing their goods,
which they do not even manufacture, upon the
good name of tha D. Ghirardelli Co. These par-
ties, in conjunction with dishonest grocers, are
seeking to trade on the iifty years' reputation
of honest manufacturing and advertising of
D. Ghirardelli. Suit is now pending for the
suppression of these substitutions and the
protection of the public.
Insist upon gelling the .original and genuine
ZX Ghirardellfs Chocolate and Cocoa.
By Great Good Fortune We've
Just Obtained a Factory Stock of
Knit Underwear
and Hosiery
Bought Below Cost of Production.
THE ENTIRE LINE GO
On Sale To-Day
3 LOTS
LOT 1- 100 DOZEN
CHILDREN'S SCHOOL HOSE
20c Kind 7*A C
Sizes 5*Aio 9.
Narrow ribbed Hose, double heel and
toe. They'll stand the hard wear boys
and girls give hcsiery.
LOT 2- 50 DOZEN
WOMEN'S ALLOVER LACE HOSE
35c Kind 23c
LOT 3- ==
WOMEN'S UNION SUITS
75c Kind 43 C
These Un'on Suits are extra heavy and
fleece lined, Oneita style. Colors gray
or ecru.
¦ 1 Closing out our entire
P8E2V BaSS Une of Peggys. Colors
«&&J "«&wj bpo and black only.
& 1 f\f\ i ln if " s lot Wllf be found
tj) 1 . V vf Bags that sold as high
J as $1.75 and $2.00.
0 -o
To-Day Only
"W.B.V -"Royal Worcester"
"Warner's Corsets"
$2,00 KIND $1.50
o -o
LaGe Collars] PointVeniseLace Cape
I Collars in cream and
QQ/> f white. 75c kind; spe-
OtlC J cial to-day 39c.
flL'tt if M 1 Ch' f f° n Drape Veils
bnlHOil V6IIS mail the autumn tones.
; - 1% yards long. A
OSp solendid 50c value.
4"^ J To-day 25c.
Silk Belts! * limited number. Come
w 1111 ¦# WI1U • it I i * mi
I in black only— in the new
• O /> I strle 9 ir(fle effect. A good
ZOL J 50c value. A treat at 25c.
25c Taffeta Ribbon 15c
Heavy Taffeta Wash Ribbon in all the
autumn colorings , 4)4 inches wide. /
1 SEND IN YOTTK NAME AND
WE'LL MAIL TBEE OUR FALL
AND WINTEE MAIL ORDER
I BOOK ; ; : > ;
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-1224 MARKET STREET
ADVERTISE31EXTS.
Rnv Citv
lVf?iT*k'f k t
AfiLULI ii^l
1133-1138 MARKET. 25-37-29 TTJRX ST.
Phone South 13.
Special for To-Day
• 1000 Setf of
Prime Rib Roasts of Dccf,
P«rlb 12%c. lOc and 8c
2500 Genuine Spring Lambs, •
*« lb lOc and 7c
Roast Pork— corn fed,
*«r lb 9 C
Corned Beef— the best,
*«"> -•;••; ec
Biff Cat on Prices of All Other Meats.
It has been almost impossible to get,
goods enough to supply the big crowds
that attend our Special Sales, bat we
think we have plenty for every one
to-day.
Special Sale Every Saturday
Price* the Lowest in the City AU the
Time.
Never Before
has there been such a
demand for the
Overland....
! ....Monthly
The first edition of the Octo-
ber issue is nearly sold oat.
WHY?
: See for yourself!
A few copies left !
At, AU NEWS STANDS
IcarteSsI cmR SICK HEA3}ACnB »
f5tTTLE Genuine Must Besr
M !-Y£l* Fas-Simils Signature
HALE'S. | HAT.F.'S. __J HALE'S.
The Wooltex Sun Sheds More Light
At Hale's — on the subject of children's coats, how to- buy best and save.
The "Wooltex" IT ijKL)
«S Coats for Children %» 4 W
Are out in greater force than ever. Splendid little garments 1990 \v\
:\$£fgr made of all-wool materials. They have won their way by --a*^
£\^\ i|| merit into hundreds of homes already and they're only a little ' mg\ r.
over a month old in San Francisco. l&r Vm v
They're going to win their way into many more to-day. r~j z})^x^
Note the style of the coat in the picture, all-wool mate- g^^^^^
rial, perfectly tailored, made as gracefully and finished as
perfectly as the splendid "Wooltex" suits for women that have
created such enthusiasm this fall. Because in the tailoring style has been added in unequaled
measure, and the finished garments cost no more than the inferior kind. Mothers will find it in-
teresting to bring the little girl to the second floor to-day. It's time for her winter coat now. And
Besides the Coat*: Dresses aqd Mackintoshes
Are added to-day. Mackintoshes for girls from $2.25 to $5.00. Here are the coats and dresses:
Girls' Coat, $10.00 Girls' Dress, $1.95
It's a low price for the coat it stands for. The Empire style, in hard finished check material, yoke of
It>S lenSth iw at i" flne heay y . broa . dcl °t h ' w i| h o tu , rn^ v 1 e ; cashmer*. scalloped cape effect, full gathered aklrt.
5SS l SUMS. Dress lined throughout. Sizes 6 to 14 years. $1.93.
At $5.00-^-Coat in dark mixture, with cape effect over shoul- At 85.00 — Dress of all-wool serge, ln dark navy, inairnla. on
ders, loose back, double-breasted front, turnover collar, vest, collar and sleeves; black taffeta Bilk tie. full skirt,
piped with dark red velvet. 55.00. deep hem. Sizes 6 to 14 years.
Sale of Drugs 19c Sale Fancy Stockings A $2.00 Suede Glove
At prices to make them go at Women should hurry for to-day. That is guaranteed stainless,
"double quick" to-day. 60 dozen pairs splendid 2=5c and That's the good glove news for
It's an opportunity for every one V?rJ"n a ?r° "? 'I"** vT^, ™* "t^"
who needs toilet helps and wants to co^ bie sSckL bafjn when V** £° P . r ° bkm ? *"?
,»-¦»:., 1 ¦ us a Dig siocKing oar^ain wncn have been trnne to solve for years.
pay less than usual prices. stockings at regular prices are ?£„? '" vX P . h*«. ,«W iSTnA
Talcum Powder. 4c can-Good, big can. scarce. There's a story back of it. JJ°, n ? ie " r Va » iers *" » olve< J « a ° d
pure perfumed talcum powder. It's yes— but look at the style; take those Hale s have brocght the glore to
new and we mark it 4c can black ones with sllk embroidery on San Francisco women.
Triplicate Mirror, 25c — Nickel plated, t u A inctpn (We have some in ree-
with good, clear glass and a chain to JK r ! °gck ai n*a?1lke thSm a\ « 8 n It>s as 8t y» sh « » ls S°°£ Cts v "
hang it by. 25c. be and they're 35c ) perfectly, as any glove we havo had.
Toilet Soap. 6 cakes 25c— Large lot: And ' h ere are others with red. white All sizes; In black only; 3-clasp. with,
good soap, perfumed. .. . and blue stripes running around; the new Paris Point embroidery on
woomlnd v-iolet bottle-Bradley^ and still others with fancy drop the baclc See them to _ day>
Da^r^^cirfSac-Large bottle. gf^doSS all «. Jouvln Olov... Sl^-Tne beat
Hale's special. ,.,-., sizes, full fashioned, extra long and »-o° hid gloves we know of. They
• Tooth Powder, 14o box — Dr. Lyon s. elastic All at 19c. fit comfortably and wear welL New
Cuticura Soap. 14c cake. styles for fall are here; ln blue. red.
La Blache Face Powder, 25c box. rssr *TW/ ' ?-„ _„,»,, <,,.~,, >,,„„-., >>t,«v ._ i
Tumhr. vneptinp i or lar V> lb r^v f&7^(Mf M/ <£} tan> Bi o « e » gray. Drown. DlacK ana
Rubifoam. 13c bottle. iS* d8P «*»> E-v"™ AWm" 1 embroid-
Packer's Tar Soap, 15c cake. Igv /Sgf <m£3& <&&' <Ss*^J5JBm*»^ ery on the back. $1J}O.
Sea Salt, 25c bottle— Large bottle, M/ML^' 3-clasp Suede gloves at $1.30, too; In
Bradley's. . isU GOOD^y^ black, mode. tan. gray and dark
Xickel Powder Box, 10c — Fancy. ' — ' brown.