SAN FRANCISCO/^WEDNESbAYf OCTOBER 19; 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
KUROPATKIN SHATTERS FOE'S LEFT FLANK
-lyrpl^^ has
been driven back with heavy loss and its retreat cut off A Russian regiment
is now being hurried to the scene in the hope of completing the rout. It is reported
that the entire Russian army is advancing. Rain is hindering everything. The rivers
are bankful and the fords are impassable. There are no bridges. Supplies of all sorts
"Foreman Lilienf eld had a secret .conference with
Judge, Lawlor yesterday; concerning the Grand Jury's
request that the court instruct the District Attorney to
proceed against the Election Commissioners t to remove
theni from onice. It is believed ,that the Judge's com
rnunicatio'i^was'tq^ the; eHc^th^U^^c^\dJnoi{c^p\y^
LILIENFELD CONFERS WITH LAWLOR
; ';: Charles Wyman, the, young saloon-keeper who
was the first ; of the alleged ballot-box staffers to be ar
rested, was yesterday held to answer 1 in the Superior
Court. He at once resorted to habeas corpus, and the
writ was made returnable this morning. The constitu
tionality of the primary la w is "again attacked.
WYMAN IS HELK
ONE DAY'S DEVELOPMENTS IN BALLOT FRAUDS CASE
Additional War News on • Page 1.
Aged Woman Found
Dying on Porch'
of Home.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"NAX" / PATTERSON TO BE 'v; :. ./
;¦ : TRIED DURING NOVEMBER
Young Woman's Father r Falls In His
Attempts to Procure Her T
¦ .¦...' ' : Release.'' -/¦•:;¦ :<^\": ',
* NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— ''Nan'; Pat
terson, the", young" ."; woman who ' has
been ' in the : Tombs Prison : for; several
nionthsi'v charged with^the'. murder, of
Caesar VTourig, (bookmaker and ] turf
manV^will not; be; released ion.'; bail, her
father,- being^ unable" '-Vto;;' furnish}^ the
, $ 20,000;bonds required.[Dlstrict'AUor
ney, Jerome, however/ has 'promised Uo'
call I the (case for \ trial . during 7 .N6vem-
Ut. - ¦:,.¦¦•. ¦::¦ s<".'
even the police have not leen inforrffed.
Mrs.. Johnson lived alone and the
neighbor heard her, moaning in agony.
She found Mrs./ Johnson stretched on
her porch, a pool of blood at her feet
and another at her head.
She was stiff_ from cold. Evidently
she had been lying on 'the porch or
elsewhere in the open air all iiight.
Just below her right temple was a- tri
angular • contusion. No . blood had
flowed from this wound. There was an
abrasion . of right' cheek bone and
the right- eye- was '.blackened. Under
the point of the. lower .jaw was a small
bruise. ".The right arm was bruised and
swollen, particularly- the , - wrist The
left arm .was also. bruised, as were
lower limbs.
E. A. ' Johnson, .the son, says little.
"She must have • fallen » and struck her
head; Maybe she^ bit^ her^ tongue , when
she felL Th-.t vvbul-. account: for! the
blood,'* he ' declares.
The 'flobrjr of .•' the ; porch " where , . Mrs.
Johnson lay 'When; found was": perfectly
clean.' '
, The * circumstances ; may . point to a
foul murder -for; robbery/ ' .'¦., ; l
LOS ANGELES. OcL 18.— Found
lying on the porch in a half -dried pool
of her own blood Friday morning, with
every circumstance indicating a mur
derous assault, Mrs. Sarah Johnson, a
wealthy widow C4 years old, ; who lived
at 256 Korthi Avenue 20, died to : night in
a- cloud of myEtery and tragedy. She
was unconscious when discovered by
Mrs. S. Al Brown, an aged neighbor,
and she remained so ; to the end. : Her
eon and the few neighbors ', who, learned
of the affair either considered It not se-l
rlous or> else , smothered k . the • story, t for
-MUKDEN, Monday. Oct. 17.— The
continual ;vigilance^.bf* the - combatants
and especially • the : serious ' acceptance
by the Japanese army, of the Russian
advance promises further fighting, al
though-there has been already nine
days of unprecedented'" and \ exhaus
tive J conflict.'/ The -Japanese have _ been
alternately " testing the Russian center
and; right 'flank, holding the Russians
In a monotonous and. bitter day to day
resistance 'on the^line of contact. The
¦Japanese /apparently./ feared J that ',' the
Russian advance ; would develop - a' su
perior, force of reserves. The duration
of , the ! .contest 1 already exceeds by sev
eral days -the common prophecies, "as It
was ; believed .that^neither ,~ J side .was
capable of such' expenditureVof men
and t munItionsy A which r already^ is" in . ex-,
cess of ; all the. previous^ fighting "'within
twenty! mile's of Liaoyang.;;
;v The " roads j south ,'and ] southwest * of
Mukden are . filled with refugee 'native
families trailing homeless toward the
sorry"; streets -of ; Mukden.-; s The floods
have f subsided. ., The army is so near
that the. environs' of the city havebeen
Alternately Attack the Russian Center
and Right Flank.
JAPANESE RESIST- BRAVELY.
CARDIFF, < Wales, Oct. r 18. — It is
stated : on ' good authority^. that . more
than 500,000 tons of Welsh. coal will
be .shipped for "Russian, account to
points on the Mediterranean and Red
seas' and Atlantic ' Ocean 'during- * Oc
tober, •> November and December. The
orders come . principally : through.. th«
Hamburg-American Steamship Com
pany.
Coal Cor Russian Warships.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 1. — The
general ; staff has received tl>* follow
ing dispatch from General Sakharoff
dated to-dav:
"The Russians . repulsed a Japanese
attack on 'their right wing during the
night of October 17 and' seized the
village* of Shalandtzy, on the bank
of the Shakhe River and east of
Shakhe. .The enemy strongly bom
barded the captured village, but did
not avance to the attack on Lone Tree
Hill, now called Putlloff Hill.
"The work of burying the dead pro
ceeded all night , long.V Military hon
ors were paid the Japanese dead. ,
"A considerable concentration of the
enemy's troops ; has been observed
against - our "> center. There was - no
fighting yesterday on our left flank."
. — •— — i ";.-:"•• ;•¦:
Village on the Shakhe Is Wrested
From the Japanese.
MANILA, Oct 18.— A force under
Lieutenant Pogge of the constabulary
has defeated a large number of Pula
janes in the mountains of EasteraiSa
mar, killing the notorious outlaw
Oyomo and fifty, of his followers.
RUSSIANS SEIZE SHAIiANDTZY.
MURDER
MAY HAVE
BEEN DONE
Notorious Oyomo and Fifty
of His Followers Killed in
Samar by Cohstabulaiy
Recently an^elector on the 'Republi
can ticket was . removed because; of
his pblygamlst record, > and now., ¦that
members of the'ehurch are ; being* pros
ecuted, it" is said,' : the Mormon • vote.
Which has been '. almost ] solidly Repub
lican, will go-to the Democrats. , v, *
Frequen t reports : from ' Star Valley
have stated that the . Mormons there
were practicing polygamy and that one
man lived openly with five 'Wives, but
owing, to the remoteness of the settle
ment and the fact that all of the resi
dents are Mormons arid ;that^ Gentiles
seldom .visit'the district the facts have
been kept ; from the ; public. /¦'. . -
CHEYENNE. '.Wyo.,» Oct. 18.— Secret
service men have arrested 'William H:
Kennington, - United States Commis
sioner, at "Afton. in .the , Star. « Valley
Mormon settlement Vof. ( .Western
Wyoming,^ on a charge of polygamy,
and, • it is* said, I other arrests will foc
.cur'shortly.... , ». . . , •
;•* The disclosures made by the Govern
ment .detectives; have caused a sensa
tion In Wyoming, and it is feared . the
results will have a material effect upon
the election in November. / ;•'¦-
Special Dispatch to The Call,
fecretfSeryjce^len
Mormon
¦ ¦I iiiiiii/
¦ vUlull jf •
MUKDEN.Oct. 18.— The fighting of
the 17th was confined to the Russian
center at Shakhe Riv*er and was most
ly artillery fire, the Japanese using
big guns and high explosive shells.
During the nine days of continuous
fighting the 'Russian losses were never
less than 2000 per day. The hospitals
are hardly able to handle the wound
ed. Nevertheless they have performed
wonders.
The Chinese have deserted all the
villages and the troops are using the
woodwork of their houses for fuel.
The country south is desolated. The
Japanese still seem to be exerting
themselves .to force the Russians out
of Mukden. A battle in the positions
surrounding the town Is certain. It
becomes more and more evident that
the resources of the country cannot
support a large army. This season's
crops 'are spoiled.
General Kuropatkin remains with
the troops, having abandoned his
headquarters at Mukden.
Scarcely Able to Care for the Thou
sands of Russian Wounded.
HOSPITALS OVERCROWDED.
UNCLE SAM
WARS UPON
POLYGAMY
OUTLAW SLAIN
WITH HIS MEN
LONDON, Oct. . 19.— A Vienna dis
patch to the London Standard this
morning gives a rumor current in that
city to the effect that a Cunard steam
ship from Flume, with 2200 immigrants
on board, has sunk 'off the Spanish
coast. A fierce '¦ storm was . raging atj.
the time. T
The Standard has no confirmation of
the report, but gives it for "what it is
worth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Vessel Has 2200
Immigrants on
Board.
ON1.T PERSON IN WHOSE HONOR
FAIR OFFICIALS SET . APART
SPECIAIi DAY.
. The other "•¦ important development
of , the day In the election frauds cases
was a .communication from Judge
Lawlor to j Foremkn Lllienfeld of the
Grand ' Jury concerning the resolution
it passed fc last -Thursday asking /that
the District Attorney! be, instructed to
proceed against, the Election Commis
sioners to oust, them: from office. The
reply of the | presiding Judge is not to
be 'made '. public until I the Grand Jury,
meets ; to-morrow. \. : It is believed that
Judge Lawlor cannot see fit to comply
with the" request that he '" give ¦ dlrec
tloris;to^.the'District Attorney.
'• The';Grand; Jury^Will probably make
a ' request of 4 the ; District Attorney" that
he prefer ;the charges of misfeasance
against the ; Election Board.
ances ; have ? been received p by the)tove
mahthat there would be prompt com
pliance,, for. the fact that it was" called
to the attention of the prosecuting of
ficial t^iat ; an * offense gainst v the law
had been \ committed * would . make- 1 1
Incumbent Jon him to go ahead with
the'easer; .:.['-] v ; '*!'.'¦ . .";. -;¦;";
CANNOT ESCAPE PROSECUTION.
The 'Merchants'^Association'., stands
ready ';. to ;' prosecute r the •Commission-'
ers*' if >thel District j Attorney . fails* to
take/theistep:;; The merchants,; how:
ever, •.will^make th'e'accusatlon; that"of
felony, "} f orj theyjjwill > hot i be • content
with . me^e Rousting; t r om , office. *.What^
ever the action '{of v Judge j L'awlor^. may,
be ;JthaU hejisjso ;anxlous*a6 ; withhold
i therei appekrsl tbj be ; no -escape i for ;I'the
Election^Commissloners ; from .charges
of l failing i to^ follow the; requirements
of ' law in appointing '.{•. of precinct
boards.; .,; .' * : "; ;¦ :v. ;«»^ : ;'. ; ,-,-'-4y : '¦¦„¦_,
Ther% was i. •¦some ;, spirited argument
during the concluding. testimony. at ithe
»Wym3n*ib*i^gs0verjtne|^ehinsSof.
an* envelppS|containihg > theipoll' list "of
ithe^Sevent^h^^'Precinct/ythe/vde-;'
fense i making .Itren^us^objectipn. But
"Judge! Cabaniss; took ithj^reifponsibllity
onl hlms^lfS;ThejelectJon^{officers "[were
•thentcalled^qnVi^twJano
; had to be put linder^oath bef ore*': reveal^;
¦ingTanytWng.^and^tTwasjjeara
'C^N.*Eilvefstein^hojserVedJas ; anin-
"It won't 'hurt him," was. the com
ment of Attorney Countryman; but
the young saloon-keeper's usual good
spirits appeared to forsake him when
he learned- that he must go to prison
for the night. . ;
Charles Wyman was = held yesterday
to answer ; 'in '.the \ Superior Court to
the charge 'of ¦illegal" voting at the pri
mary election; Police Judge Cabaniss
rendered his -'-decision immediately
after the taking of testimony had been
closed and fixed bail at the same
amount it has been during the pre
liminary examination, $4000 bond or
$2500 cash.; "
The attorney • for the prisoner ¦' at
once-sued out a- writ of habeas corpus
before Judge Carroll Cook, which was
made returnable this morning at 10
o'clock. Reckoning of counsel was
faulty, however, for the Judge refused
to release the . petitioner on bail until
the Sheriff 'shall .have brought him
into court. • Wyman therefore * had to
spend the night .behind the;bars---the
first experience- he has ; had ; in ¦'; a; cell
since his arrest, r bail; having: always
been at his command.
' 'When. :the. prosecution had ."an
nounced the close of its case Attorney.
Countryman -made ;*a formal motion
for! dismissal, . his grounds being that
the people* had failed to prove that a
primary " : election | was held, that the
primary law wasunconstitutional. that
there. was flagrant contradiction in the
testimony of the witnesses and that
the preliminary hearing- had proceeded
while . the | habeas, corpus j j proceedings
were pending before "Judge Sloss. ' '
Judge Cabaniss denied the motion,
and,, when asked, Attorney Country
man; 8ald he would introduce no testi
mony. ": The defendant was then bound
over to; the Superior Court. :. -
.: Meantime : Countryman's clerk had
presented a. petition for a.writ of ha
beas corpus to Judge Cook and the
attorney hastened to assist in the pro-"
'deeding. ; Public Works Commissioner
Maestretti remained in the Police Court
ready . to make transfer of the ! 92500 he
has r had oh deposit to: guarantee :; Wy-"
man's . appearance in^ the Police Court;
so that; the ; prisoner could again • have
his freedom. .
' : But' Judge Cook was disappointing in
this particular. 'The petition ; presented
to him' made provision tor ball, but he
ran his pen through the paragraph, ex
plaining that ; he could not ; release the
petitioner until . brought Into the " court. ;
ATTACKS PRIMARY LAW AGAIN.
; : The grounds ' .for - the application are
the" same'as' those set : forth • in the pro- ;
ceedings before Judge "Sloss. ¦ It Is con
tendedT that the primary , law /'under
"which / Wyman > is ''. being ' prosecuted is
unconstitutional because the 3 per cent
regulation * as : to . place on the official
ballot- is discriminative and that 1 sec
tion i 64%;: providing penalties for. viola
tions fof the' law, ; is 1 inoperative! -7
Attorney : Countryman goes'.' into his
points :, more Ithls time and
explains;, that' Judge i ; Sloss, in denying
the^ application ; for* release, : said i that
the - argument fas ; to : section : 64^ had
j.'cqnsiderable force,"/- but' that i he^ could
attach;no • weight "to it in \the proceed
ings .. before ': him f or3 the '* reason that ; It
was "not supported by citations.: Inline
petition, 3 bef ore i Judged Cook -t 'there »Xis
large '" amplification" ; on ; this ) contention. .
Section , 64% jwas' enacted ;in ; conjunction
Wlth^thei primary^ law/ of 1899. 7 In, Brit-,
ton vs. : the /Election" Commisslonerathe
la w.^was .unconstitutional. \ "
Section
64% jwhe'n sthe'p resent primary law/was
passed tinjj.901 J and £ Countryman Surges
thatt the! penal- statute Tdoeajhot": revive
itself and , that* there is no provision ?- for.
punishmentVof .'violations* of J the 1 prim
iary ; statutes. >. . - . ¦ ; ,
According to the testimony of these
witnesses had been a switch of
clerks between the vote of Wyman,'
which was No. 169, and that of Mann,
¦which ¦ was . No. 174, and Is alleged' to
have" been "fraudulent. v ¦ . * ...
SWITCHED CLERKS.
spector* wrote the name of S. H. Mann,
which ,Wyman is alleged to have voted.
"I ain't' sure— I think I did,'' was Sil
ven>teln'8 answer. ~ • .
Five names above that of Mann was
Wymab's name. L. S. Carson 'testified
that he had not entered it, but when
C." E. . Merrill, who was a judge of the
election, was called to the ' stand, he
admitted that it was he who inscribed
the name of the defendant on the poll
list when Wyraan emerged, from the
stall to cast the ballot concerning
which there Is no question of fraud.
REPORTED
SINKING OF
BIG LINER
Addresses were made by Miss Sarah
Fuller of Boston, Miss Keller's personal
instructor; William Wade of Oak
Mount, Pa.; Alexander Graham Bell of
¦Washington and 'Warring Wilkinson of
Berkeley, Cal.
Miss Keller's speech, taken in con
nection with an explanation of the
methods by which she was taught by
her teacher, Miss Sarah Fuller, was
named by many as the most wonderful
thing in all the display of the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition. It seemed In
credible that one could learn to speak
as Miss Keller spoke, simply by feeling
the IIds and throat of her teacher as
Ehe enunciated syllables.
Crowds followed the young woman
about all day and no visiting celebrity.
Prince or potentate, has attracted half
the attention-
Professor E. M. Galiaudet of Wash
ington presided and introduced Miss
Keller, whose address proved the feat
ure of the exercises. In addition to her
other accomplishments. Miss Keller has
learned to speak in a well modulated
voice, with unusually plain articula
tion, and her remarks aroused enthus
iasm-
ST. LOUIS, Oct. IS.— "Helen Keller
day," named in honor of Miss Helen
Adams Keller of Boston, who, born
deaf, dumb and blind, has acquired na
tional "fame through her educational
success, was celebrated at the World's
Fair grounds to-day with exercises
which were participated in by promi
nent educators of the deaf, dumb and
blind from all parts of the United
States. Miss Keller is the only person
in whose honor the fair officials have
designated a special day.
The annual conference of the super
intendents of American schools for the
deaf, in session here, suspended the
regular order of business in honor of
Miss Keller and took part in the exer
cises, which were held in the Hall of
Congresses.
MUKDEN, Oct. 18.— As this dispatch
is filed on Tuesday evening the Rus- i
sians are retaining the ground gained
at the Shakhe River. Several Maxims
have been captured. The firing ceased
after dark to-day.
It Is reported that General Mistchen
ko's Cossacks, under command of Ad
jutant Gavritoff, were engaged in a hot
fight on . October 17 toward the south
east. A Cossack horse battery silenced
the Japanese guns and drove back sev
eral infantry, battalions, but was "un
able to capture ; the guns, which the
Japanese succeeded In carrying off. *
'•' '"¦ Shakhe station, or ' what , is left of^It,
has: been {recaptutc^r by^jtoe^Xwsians,.
wholwili Vhortijr "reopen' it* for 'railway
traffic with *; Mukden//
RUSSIANS : HURI/ ¦ STOXES.
An officer, who has" just returned from
General Mistchenko's division "; reports
that a sanguinary fight has taken place
at Laitkhezi, fifteen miles south of
Shakhe, > to which fort j General - Mist
chenko retired in order to preserve
communication between the Russian
center and the eastern flank.
The Japanese made a determined ef
fort to cut the line of communication
at this point and attacked under cover
of a terrific cannonade. Out of one
company of a Russian rifle brigade only
fifty men were left. ' Two companies
that had expended their ammunition
prior to the last Japanese attack lay
in the trenches until the Japanese were
within a few paces. Then the Russians
hurled a volley of stones, charged. and
broke the -attacking" line," compelling
the Japanese to flee.- z\\\ ::
There ' was : fighting .to-day on both
sides of the Great Mandarin - road.
General Kuropatkin is indefatigable,
personally directing the forward opera
tions. * Nothing seems to affect him,
but he wears his usual quiet smile un
der all circumstances. •
:The last Japanese defenders of Lone
Tree Hill, two artillery officers, refused
quarter and died fighting, with their
swords beside their, guns..
FURIOUS JAPANESE ATTACK.
It is reported that the Japanese made
a furious attempt to take a wooded hill
near • Da Pass last night. The I firing
began at 11 o'clock' and continued with
rifle and - "cannon - through - the. night.
This action probably was a part of an
attempt by. the Japanese, who were al
ready in possession of small hills in the
plains, -to rush the center along the
foothills at the Shakhe. River. '
'It rained all last knight, but the roar
of the artillery did not cease for a mo
ment. To-dav broke cold and with a
cutting wind.. The roads have, been
ruined bv the rain.
'Cossacks brought in captured guns
and Japanese "-wounded prisoners - on
October 17. Russian soldiers surround
ed the prisoners and gave them bread
and water and in other ways tried to
relieve their, wants. '
repopulated. All the roads are crowd-*
, ed with army traffic.
The fighting on October IS was most
severe. Fifty wounded were coasted
In one hour passing a point on one
country pathway. Already the casual
ties reported are so great as to confirm
the declaration of the leaders that the
•present conflict would be the bloodiest
in history. * It is not possible to-day to
make any close estimate of the Rus
sian casualties.
¦ The Russians appear to hold posi
tions in the plain, along the Shakhe
River, extending from the railway to
Da Pass, beginning at the mountains,
but the. bitterness and tenacity. of the
fight indicates certain conditions In the
Eastern army about which Uttla 13
' iMter a threatening day the Japan
ese, beginning at 11 o'clock on t>.e night
of October* 15, rushed the village of
Linchenpo, on the north bank of the
Shakhe River, and west of the rail
way, precipitating - a thundering can
nonade and fusilade, which continued
until midnight, the rifle fire continuing
until dawn.
The Japanese now occupy the raised
temple quadrangle near Linchenpo, the
only eminence for miles around, and
which affords an unusual advantage
for observation and artillery flre
against the Russian right. Several at
tempts to dislodge them have failed.
To-day Japanese were railing at Chan
chiapo, near Paitapo, showing that the
heavy and continuous -Russian can
nonade has been ineffective.
Mistchenko's Cossacks Si
lenoe Battery on Jap
anese Right Flank.
Russians Hold Fast
to the Positions Won
South of the Shakhe
WYMIN HELD FOR TRIAL
r j ¦ ¦"¦ ¦¦¦/"' ¦¦•¦ l r*' ¦ ± • \t swan ¦< ¦
Judge boor iar ants New
Writ of Habeas Corpus
miWI^OR CANNOT ACT
Dnmb lor
Many
Years, She
Addresses
an
Assemblage
at the
Exercises
at the
St. Louis
Exposition,
and Her
Clear and
Well Spoken
Words
Stir Her
Hearers to
a High
Pitch of
Enthnsiasm
Special Day Observed for Girl Who Has '
Triumphed Over tier Great Afflictions
FAIR HONORS HELEN KELLER
, THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty hour* «ndlnr midnight, October
19. 1904:
Ban FranclBCO and vicinity— Fair
Wednesday; light northerly j winds,
changing- to westerly.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.
' THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "The Way of the Worlil."
ALHAMBRA- Sousa's Band.
CALIFORNIA— "A Texas Steer.".
CENTRAL— "Davy Crockett." . ...
COLUMBIA— "San Toy." Matln«« to
day. .
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S — "Down the Line."
GRAND— "Arizona."
MAJESTIC— "A Japanese NtehUnjale"
ORPHEUM— VaudevUIe. Matinee to
day.
TIVOLI— "Der RastelWnder."
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 141.IN NO MOOD. FOR PEACE.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Oct lg.-^Suporlor
Jury WoHd's ! Fair : awards -• Indianapolis
Brewing Co.; the grand prize"«xclusively,
which confirms gold: medal awarded Par
is. , establishing their beer? the world's
standard of perfection. '
(Special to The Call.)
Duesseldorfer Beer Again Triumphant
RED BLUFF, Oct. 18.— Word has just
been received of "the fatal "endlng/of
an ' accident whlchVoccurfed : atVCham-,
pion > Mills yesterday • afternoon; !v A
man - named ; Skoftland, Lwho jwas work^
ing on a : cable ? line in the *: woods,?was
struck ¦, m : the -\ stomach by one : of ;¦; the
heavy hooks used' In moving ,- logs. ¦ -Dr.
Fife left; this -city, last '--: night and
reached the: mills about -midnight,' but
Skoftland ¦ was dead : when- lie ; arrived."; -.
Killed r by ; Log Hook.
LONDON,- Oct 18.^-A. dispatch
from Shanghai to the Morning Post
says it is reported there that, Japanese
shells have sunk the Russian cruiser
Bayan in the harbor of « Port . Arthur.
Japanese Shells Said to Have Sent the
Kayan to the Bottom. .
CRUISER REPORTED SUNK.
' - Prominent r physicians ' admitted to
day : that the profession ' was in a de
plorably, crowded condition and that
hundreds of younger members could
riot be expected to live up to'hlgh ethi
cal standards,- while* fighting over pa
tients ', for" fees. . One - proposition that
will come up Is "the: establishment of
an apprenticeship; system and;the_ cre
ation of a shop." -
CHICAGO, Oct.. 18. — The physicians
of Chicago are planning the formation
of a labor, union,, and on > .Thursday
night. will debate. the pros and cons of
unionist versus the present independ
ent status^; at : < a. .: dinner of the Physi
cians' 'Club in; the" Sherman House.
ctaim the. Profession Is Overcrowded
and Favor the' "Closed
? - . • Shop.".
Three Men Killed and Fifteen Wound
•¦--•-:'•-..-. ;ed as ' a Jtesult ¦ of : the \
¦"¦"'.'V '••< Encounter. *--¦','
> l MEXICO CITY,; Oct. 18.— Three t. ban-,
dlts to-day 'attacked and wounded 7a
citizen,^ killed , his servant „ arid fought
a -\ pitched "battle /{with '.<; 2 rural . t_ troops.'
• Three men aredead arid ''nttfcen^o'und-
I edfasia" result ~ of; theTencounter.f'
• Crazed by drink?r the .three fdespei-
adoes, r ;Flores,v -8aledo'''arid •'iyHerre'rar
iveri t ¦ toj thel residence f of ' V icento ) Go
diriezr at -Santa Julia -and called;' for
; Godlnez. . ; When .; he: ... from the
house; |accompanied-by/ a'j sefv|tnt;. the*
ba ndi ts V killed "? t he : ; servant f and C badly
.wounded;GbdInez.f:; -.
' :'i. T J*'^y? -- rurales f. ? were i* at I-orice -. dis-;
'¦: patched] to ; r a; plantation it was
' learned i the desperadoes ;< had fled.-^TA 1
pitched ibattle^ensued,-! during which
one soldleVwas killed. 1 Fibres was' final
ly ? killed ; and ;Saledo"cai/ured -after re
ceiving "several v " "wounds; I . . Herrera,
i though' [ badly ,\ injured, \ escaped \ to^; ! the
hills. /Every ; soldier' in' the" Squadrbri 1
.was -.wounded. ¦ " : -^.^. -"-•-.: ;.Ky
MEXICAN TROOPS BATTLE
WITH MURDEROUS ' BANDITS
. BUTTE,. Mont, Oct., 18. —^A
Cheyenne. Wyo.r dispatch to the Miner
says: The 'first > severe storm, of the
winter,' is now raging, throughout this
section. . The high. windstorm of.Sun
day night " was followed to-day by
rain which turned to" snowtriis after
noon. The storm was accompariled 'by
a high wind and the air. Is full of drift
ing, snow. Railroad traffic has riot
b*en impeded and; there 'are no fears
of stock losses. jESSs?
High Wind Prevails! but No Damage
.of Consequence Has Yet
v Been Reported.
CHICAGO PHYSICIANS PLAN
\ ORGANIZATION OF A UNION
: ST. LOUIS,' Oct. 18.— The meeting to
day of ;the"> missionaries I of £ the Chris
tian church was under the auspices of
the American Christian . Missionary.
Society,; home missions being the prin
cipal ; topic of discussion. A difference
of opinion; regarding.- a- plan to. change
the legal 1 name of the; Christian church
characterized;"*; the : "second, -.'session'
of to-day's convention; of the American
Christian>Misslonary i Society.
. -^The -committee on recommendations
reported .;' favorably 3 on -^ the ; plan r to"
change; the • nariie s to the "Church of
Christ." "if. The; report; ; stat'ed fthatv ow
ing t<v the' confusion '."existing due "to the
different titles ; borne. ; by the; churches
in ryarious ; parts of : • the country," the
change" was - recommended ;.,; for 'legal
reasons only, ; and , that ; the members ' in
dividually, v would ..; retain /the Y name
A'Chrtstians".!':-"., "After.; -considerable -dis-'
cussioni"_ a tmotjon. "directing that the
recommendation ;be< stricken ! f rorii : the
report Vwas^adopted." ; ': ,/
Sari;, Francisco ; was^selected as the
next; meeting; place Cof "the conyentibri
and the;followirig,ofncersvwererelected:*
President, -E v " L7* Powell/ Louisville? Ky. ;
vice president, A) c! 1 - Smithers, : Los An
geles£Cal.;*; secretary i'-^B. 1 ) F.^'Gorgalyv
Portland?. Ore. ;' treasurer, 1 - C. [ J.t Neare, :
Cincinnati.. y ';¦-. \ :l - '*¦;:;-,
Missionaries- of the" Christian Church
'i ; Will Assemble. in Golden
¦ Gate City. ¦
FIERCE SNOWSTORM
RAGES IN WYOMING
SAX FRANCISCO CHOSEN
FOR NEXT MEETING ' PLACE
-William O'Brien, one of the court at
tendants, who charged : excessive ;bru
tailty.Ion the part of the police,, brought
in c-rie-of the men,"'. who was. covered by
blood. V The magistrate; denounced Ithe
action ¦ of the ; police k and. as " a protest
adjourned the.rhearirig* fbr'slx week's?
bailing the defendants: until that: time;
CORK, Oct. 18.— A serious conflict be
tween sympathizers 'with" : those who
were arrested for participation in the
eviction riots bn' "October 12 ' and the
police occurred at the hearings of the
case at the Fellsport ; Court House to
day. ' More than twenty persons : were
injured, some of them seriously*.; »5;*
; j When -the Fellsport- defendants; were
arraigned the crowd," unable to secure
admittance to" the; court robrii,: attacked
the policed - More -than 100 of the latter
formed" up ;. to maintain order -'"arid
charged with their v : batons, striking
right and left and dispersing the crowd.
The Judge summoned , the officer, com
manding the police; .who said hismen
had attacked -first
Charges That Clnbs ' Were -Used {With
-Undue Vigor in Driving
Back Irish Crou d.
COURT REBUKES POLICE
u . FOR WANTON BRUTALITY
Mrs. Braun and. Miss? Morrison say
that while they were at the World's
Fair last night burglarsj'entered {the
house" ; arid carried away ' jewels and
other valuables -to the' arriount of
$1000.; Included in^the missing < prop
erty .was artletter f of •.[credit } for $500,
issued by .the Nevada* National : Bank
of San Francisco! on 'the 'American'Ex
change Bank of New York.- .
" ST. LOUIS, Oct. 18.— The police
looked' in vairi' to-day .for "a clew
leading to the capture! of thieves who
btbke into the flat at 5921 Maple ~av-"
enu«; rented for the World's Fair;pe
riod arid occupied by' Miss Helen Mc-
Gregor Morrison and Mrs.' H. S. Braun
of San'FrancIsco; ' V *
Report the Loss of : Jewels and r Other
"Y: Property to- the Value
' '. ' of $1000:'- *
SAX FRANCISCO WOMEN
ROBBED AT WORLD'S FAIR
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 18.— Arch
bishop Ryan to-day took occasion to
correct the published statement ¦- by
Father fichnell. In which Mother Cath
erine Drexell, founder of the Order for
the Indians and- -Colored People, is
misquoted. ., Father Schnell, who was in
charge of the Catholic mission at the
Winnebago* Reservation," Nebraska,' but
was recalled by the Bishop of* Omaha,
preferred charges against Indian Com
missioner Jones in connection- with the
administration of that reservation.
Archbishop Ryan says Father Schnell
never, represented Mother. Catherine,
nor was he authorized to make any
statement or investigation ' on her.be
balf. She is at present in Arizona and
has written to Commissioner Jones to
this effect ¦ . :
Archbishop Ryan ... Corrects Mistake
Made In Published Statement by
Father Schnell. *
WAS NOT REPRESENTATIVE
OF MOTHER CATHERINE
The association will proceed against
these mines by injunction, but has
withheld the names until the papers
are prepared and served. Indications
were also found of recent hydraulic
mining on the American River.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. IS.— At the
meeting of tKe Anti-Debris Association
this afternoon. T. L. Smith and F. L.
Neer. the watchmen appointed by
Manager L. P. Farmer to visit the
hydraulic mining territory, reported
that a number of hydraulic mines had
been visited. Most of them were not
in use. three mines were visited
where the watchmen found indications
of recent hydraulic mining.
HYDRAULIC MINING STILL
CONTINUES DESPITE LAW
j RENO. ; Oct. 18.-B. F. Clements, who
was struck on the head with a shovel
by Adam Baey at Silver City a , week
ago, died from the effects of his* injur
ies this afternoon. A warrant, chargi
ing murder, has been issued for Baey's
arrest.
Baey.. who is a prominent resident of
Silver. City, had 'reason' to suspect
Clements, a worthless character, of
visiting his home ; during his absence.
He repeatedly,, warned him to stay
away from the place" and threatened to
kill him should he ever find hlnvthere.
On the day; of 'the crime Baey "went
home unexpectedly in : the .afternoon
andfound Clements. He: picked up a
shovel, and beat Clements on" the
head. ,The cries of his" frightened -wife
brought the neighbors to the rescue of
the '.victim.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Whipping Received by Man
Who Visited Another's
Wife Terminates iii Death
! VLADIVOSTOK; Oct "> 18' —There
have been severe frosts at Nlkolaevsk,
but navigation is" "still ~ open. There
have been severe storms in the north.
The eeneral situation is quiet
Severe "Storms in Siberia.
LOS ANGELES, . Oct/ v 18.'— George
Thompson Dennett: of this" city is. said
to have drawn a maniac for a bride in
the Iqttery of love. . His was a runaway
marriage in Redlands. . His wife was
a Miss Sylvene Peoples, of this city,
who is said to have property worth $i;
000,000 in 1 Asheville.N.'Cv ¦', •' .
.-.The bride and groom are in Redlands,
preparing: to make i a legal- "fight if
necessary. Mrs. Josje Peoples,* the
bride's mother, is prostrated^ She and
her sons declare the daughter is in
sane, while the bride aEserts her mother
is crazy." The groom's father is in an
asylum.
All the parties in the unique con
troversy are prominent. i -,':[¦'
FATAL BEATING
WITH A SHO VEL
FAKKEBJERG, Langeland Island,
Denmark, Oct' 18. — Three Russian
battleships, two-torpedo boats and one
transport belonging to the Baltic fleet
sailed northward this afternoon.
Movements of Baltic Fleet.
Special Dispatch "to The Call,
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct 18.— A
special dispatch from Mukden says
the Chinese villagers are actively aid
ing the Japanese. General Sakharoff,
it is added,' was fired upon from a
hut and five of his escorts were
wounded.
Chinese Fire Upon Sakharoff.
Runaway 'Marriage
' Dispute; T,
This was the startling declaration
of Frank W. Shepardson. dean of the
senior colleges at the University of
Chicago, in a lecture' on "College
Honor" delivered to the student body
to-day.
~ "Promiscuous grafting, so called,
which in colleges means the appropri
ating of the other pupils' things with
out asking their permission," the pro
fessor said, "is akin to that larger sin
of political grafting. It Is a far cry
from the mere carelessness of the col
lege 'grafter' to the political thief, but
they are of the same moral " brother
hood."
* CHICAGO, Oct. 18.— "The average
college ntan's code of honor is* apt to
be extremely light, no matter how fine
a fellow he may be considered by his
classmates." :
College Man's Code of Honor Is
' ' •' Extremely Light. •^^'¦ : fc .
Chicago Professor Says the . Average
HIS BRIDE
IS SAID TO
BE INSANE
LIKENS WAYS OF STUDENTS
: u.: TO POLITICAL GRAFTING
LONDON. Oct. 18. — The Russian
successes caused a considerable slump
In Japanese 4 s on the Stock Exchange
to-day, which .was further aided by
¦the wildest reports, Including one of
the capture of General Kuroki. At
12:30 o'clock Japanese 4s had marked
a loss of 1M per cent.
Slump in Japanese Fours.
Early this morning the Japanese
continued to advance, driving the Rus
sians before them, and capturing two
guns and many rifles. At 7:30 o'clock
this morning the Russians "attempted
to recapture Lamuting, but were re
pulsed with heavy loss. The battle
there is over. . ¦ -V{>.
HEADQUARTERS . OF GEXERAL
OKU'S LEFT ARMY, Sunday, Oct. 16.
Since Sunday last the Japanese left
army has buried 4100 Russian dead.
It is estimated . that the Russian casu
alties are from 20,000 to 25,000. The
Japanese report their casualties at
about 3000. ' ; tV, •
sand Left on Battlefield.
General Oku's Ariny inters Four Thou-
BURYLXG RUSSIA^ 'DEAD.
NEW YORK, Oct 18; — The Jury in
the case of Philip Weinseimer, former
president of the Building Trades Al
liance, on trial for extortion, returned
a verdict of guilty shortly before mid
night , to-night* He was at once re
manded to the tombs until October 20.
when sentence will be pronounced.
Weinseimer has been on trial for
more than a week In the Court of Spe
cial Sessions. He was charged by
George J. Essig, a master plumber,
with extorting $2700 from him under
a threat not to permit work to con
tinue on the Chatsworth apartment
house here unless the money wa3
paid.
' His counsel said that he would at
once appeal the case on the ground
that the verdict was contrary to the
evidence.
Weinseimer occupies the place held
by Sam Parks, who was also convicted
of extortion and died while in prison.
Predecessor.
Philip AVeinseimer, New York Labor
Leader, Goes the Way of His
SA3I PARRS' SUCCESSOR ALSO
CONVICTED. OF EXTORTION*
Field Marshal Oyama reports that
the Russians are concentrating in
front, of the armies of Generals Oku
and Xodzu and that they evidently are
planning to resume the aggressive.
It is believed in Tokio that another
great struggle has already been be
gun.' ¦..¦ \il« : :-rr. -,- ¦ •>.-•-. ¦ -•
"On' the night of October 17 the
enemy made two "fierce counter" at
tacks against the right column of the
left army,* besides a counter attack,
on a small scale, r in the direction of
the center and right armies. We re
pulsed them entirely. The enemy re
treated, leaving a great number of
dead."
TOKIO, Oct 18.— A telegram from
Field 1 Marshal Oyama, received to
day,; gays: .;•'¦'';,¦;'.•; r-'V'
Tokiq Believes Russians Have Re
'.;. . turned the Aggressive.
GREAT STRUGGLE RENEWED.
Ii\ order* to give ihe electors a clear
Jdea y of the situation the report outlines
the programme of the Cabinet, saying
that in their home" policy the Ministers
will not change the programme fol
lowed since February. 1901. namely, the
most ample liberty within the limits
of the law.
'The extreme parties." the Premier
says, "abused this liberty, but recent
events must have taught them that if
they have strength to arouse the
masses, even' without serious reasons,
the worst elements can take advantage
of it, so that the extreme parties be
come responsible for. . their excesses,
which no honest person can approve
and which render necessary efficacious
action on the part of the Government
to protect public order without which
the cause of liberty would soon be lost
Therefore the Cabinet proposes to in
crease the forces at the disposal of the
police and to provide for the better ed
ucation, « especially " ¦ of the middle
classes." ¦>* ¦ ¦ ' ' *
The report also announces that it is
the intention of the Cabinet to have
the railroads return under the control
of the Government, to introduce logi
cal and serious reform in taxation and
undertake the conversion of the state
debt, which would already have been
accomplished had ¦ it not been for" the
war in the Far East, which disturbed
the financial markets of the world, and
declares that a reduction of the mili
tary budget of the state, is absolutely
irreconcilable with the security of the
country, although the alliances and
friendships of Italy with the surround
ing po*wers assure the preservation of
peace.
The defense of the* state; it is added,
cannot be improvised when danger sud
denly arises, but must be lengthily pre
pared. When alliances are* made" and
maintained among strong peoples they
can never, for the dignity of the coun
try, assume the. form ;¦ of protection.
Therefore the necessity to be strong
and secure is deeply felt -more by the
people than by the - Government, and
consequently the countries ruled by the
niost popular form of government have
rapidly augmented their military ex
penses more than other countries un
der . different forms of government
The report of Signor Giolltti begins
with reviewing the work of the Cabinet
since it has been in power, and says it
was hoped that the Cabinet would be
able to continue with the present
Chamber the solution of two great
problems— the commercial treaties and
the settlement of the railroad question.
Continuing, the report says:
"But the country has been deeply
disturbed by disorders artificially pro
voked without reason, which have cre
ated such a state of things that it is
difficult for the present Chamber to
maintain the /serenity necessary for
the/ discussion hi j thofe , vital j pro
gramra'es on 'which* may /depend the
economic future of Italy for many
years." ' • . ' '
The decree was accompanied by a
report of the Premier, setting forth the
situation and giving the Government's
programme as liberty, order and peace,
for which the Cabinet asks the support
of the electors. All the Ministers. join
in signing the statement of the Govern
ment The .Ministers declare the Gov
ernment has' fully; carried out their
programme, which the Chamber had
apprqyed. particularly as to the policy
concerning commercial treaties and
the development of state railroads.
All the garrisons have been rein
forced and a squadron of warships fa. at
Genoa. The labor exchanges will hold
a national convention Wednesday at
Milan. The extremists are taking steps
to increase the revolutionary propa
ganda in the army.
A royal decree was published to-day
fixing the general elections for Novem
ber 6 and the supplementary balloting
for November 13. ""• >; ¦ '
ROME, Oct. 18.— The opposition par-,
ties accuse Premier Giolltti of weak
ness toward the extreme; paftfes, which,
they say, caused the organization of
the subversive movement, especially at
Milan and Genoa. The anarchists urge
abstention from the elections, recom
mending instead a propaganda in favor
of the political prisoners. - . ..
TOKIO, Oct. 18.— The Russians scored
their first success on the Shakhe Rive:
on Sunday night, October 16, when they
succeeded in^ enveloping a detachment
under General Yaniada. which was sent
to assist part of the left army. Yamaaa
beat off a frontal attack, but.the-RUs
sians swept. through both flanks. -Most
of the gunners ' and horses were \ shot.
The Japanese abandoned nine field
guns and five mountain guns. After a
desperate hand to hand. encounter, Ya
mada cut through the Russian line
and reached his former position. .
These are the first guns lost by the
Japanese during thV war. * " '•
A.; report telling; of the \lisa3ter. to
General Yamada. and stating j the con
ditions at the^front reached Tokio; dur
ing .the night. v It is as follows:
'/'Qn the evening of October 16 a
mixed detachment, under command of
Major General Yamada, was sent to
help part of the left army attacking
the enemy north of the Shakhe River.'
It_ commenced its, operations at the
right wing, driving on* the enemy. The
detachment captured two guns.and two
ammunition wagons. Having attained
ita object the detachment, after sunset,
under cover of the darkness, began re
tiring toward its original position.
,. .''In, the .meantime, at, .7 o'clock, the
enemy, a .division strong, made a, .vigor-'
ous advance and. enveloped both , wings
of ..the detachment. ... Severe hand to
hand; fighting, ensued. The detachment
succeeded in driving off the enemy in'
front, but was unable to resist him on
both .flanks. After breaking through
the Russian line the detachment
reached its original position..
. "Our artillery lost most, of its , men
and horses and was compelled to leave'
behind nine field and . five mountain
guns." •;.'-.'- ">^.* r > ".; .'¦.'«. • ,.« •¦. ¦¦ ¦• ..
Ministry Answers the Agita
tion With a Declaration
in Full of the Programme
It Intends to Carry "Out
There is no official confirmation
here of the report from Tokio that a
Russian attack on the Japanese right
on October 17 had been repulsed. ' If
•this ' report proves true it may Involve
serious consequences for the -Rus
sians who crossed the Shakhe while
the river was fordable. According" to
the press Mukden dispatches, the
water has since risen man-high in con
sequence of heavy rains, and ; therefore
it would be well nigh impossible | for
the Russian army to recross the river,
owing to the absence of . bridges. ,: It
would be equally difficult, for' the same
reason. :to bring supports; supplies and
ammunition to enable General .Kuro
patkin to follow up this advance. :
This may. explain the statement in a
Mukden . dispatch that the fighting
was slackening on the morning ,of
October IS. • . '; -.:-¦•'
Another press dispatch from Mukden
confirms the news of the Russian ad
vance \vhen7 telegraphing to-night, the
correspondent says:
"It is rumored that we are moving
ahead."
SLAV. COLUMN IX PERIL.
The reverse . sustained ."by// General
Yamada's column hns not yet been re
ported by General Kuropatkin or Gen
eral Sakharoff except in a reference to
an unsuccessful Japanese attack near
Shakhe. The press dispatch from
Mukden evidently refers to this affair
in reporting that the Japanese left had
been beaten off with a terrible slaugh
ter and Its retreat cut off by a Russian
army corps. ' •;',"
Correspondents at the front for the
past forty-eight hours had been hint
ing that the Russian army was on the
eve of another advance, but it was
thought here that the troops were too
exhausted by more than a week of
titanic struggle to engage in an imme
diate advance movement. Therefore
the definite news' of the resumption of
the advance was calculated to arouse
the greater satisfaction; but the
realization of the "significance of news
permeates the masses here more slow
ly than in American cities. The kaleid
oscopic changes on the Shakhe River
have been too swift for the populace to
follow, and so the better news from tho
front has been so far taken with com
parative quiet. In the best Informed
circles, however, it is already accepted
as true: If is believed that General
Kuropatkin intended to signalize the
Czarevitch's fete by a victory, just as
Grand Duke Nicholas did at Plevna.
GENERAL YA3IADA'S REVERSE.
The failure of the War Office to give
out dispatches is attributed to. the hol
iday, the censors' commission disband
ing early. However, it is learned on
;?ood authority that the Emperor has
received a telegram from General Ku
ropatkin reporting that the Russians
are moving forward. . .
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 19 (2:50
a. m.).— There is jubilation throughout
the city over the news that General
Kuropatkin has resumed the offensive,
and the holiday, which began with lit-
I tie heart, closed brighter. The crowds
in the streets and the illuminations in
honor of the Czarevitch's name day
gave a tinge of brilliancy to an even-
I ing otherwise depressing through a
drizzle of rain. Newsboys up
to midnight raced through the thor
oughfares with evening extras, shout
ing, "Great Russian victory!" and
. crowds bought ..the papers greedily.
I Groups of .men' in brilliant uniforms
or, in evening dress at the hotels and
restaurants-, discussed the change in
the fortunes of war, but the popula
tion as a whole was slow to take fire.
It had received the news of the earlier
reverses stolidly, and now accepted re
ports of Russian successes and the
capture of guns quietly— with satisfac
tion, but with considerable reserve. '
NEWS CAUSES SURPRISE. v
"I have just visited the scene of our
triumph. The trenches are filled with
dead Japanese and Russians, clutched
in a death embrace. I saw no such
ghastly sight at Ehipka or at Plevna.
"The credit for the achievement be
longs chiefly to the Thirty-sixth and
. Nineteenth rifles. Four, other, regi
ments participated. The. Thlrty
eixth attacked from the east and the
Nineteenth from the west Poutilon!.'
leading the brigade and personally di
recting the attack, was the first to
reach the summit and *was in the
thick of the fiercest fighting around
the Japanese puns. The Japanese gun
ners died at their guns. Kuropatkin
personally thanked, the heroes for
Iheir gallant : exploit The captured
guns were brought to Mukden."
.'The sun was already declining
when Kuropatkin gave, the border to
ctorxn. Six regiments advanced, ford
ins the river in the face of a. murder
ous fire. The enemy,, determined to
make us pay dearly for Itr: He .poured
a hail of guh.aijd rifle fire "oh our ad
vancing columns, but.; nothing, could
6top them. They reached the other
side, clambered up, andat.ll o'clock
at night the position was .in our
hands. - - - -
FACE MURDEROUS FIRE.
"General Kuropatkin .the following
day ordered the hill to be retaken and
the whole Russian artillery concen
trated at 5 o'clock in the morning
and showered the hill with projectiles,
the awful spectacle lasting the entire
day. It seemed that no human being
could outlive such an ordeal, yet the
defenders remained manfully at their
posts.
The Russian losses were terrible.
The fighting on the crest of the hill
was altogether with cold steel. The
Russian officers, with swords aloft,
leading the scaling column, were lit
erally lifted into the air by the Japan
ese bayonets and the Japanese then
bayoneted the first of the Russian sol
diers who piled into the trenches. All
the dead in the trenches were bay
oneted, their weapons bearing marks
of the dreadful combat. ¦..¦••
Nemirovich Danchenko, the well
known Russian war correspondent,
telegraphs a description of the storm
ing of Lone Tree HI1L This eminence
had first been taken by the Japanese
in a night attack. He says:
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 18. — The
general staff believes that the storm
ing of Lone Tree Hill, for valor and
slaughter, will occupy a place by itr
self in military annals. Kuropatkin,
under whose eye the assault was
made, rechristened it Poutiloff Hill in
honor of the men who led the attack,
at the head of the Second Brigade of
the East Siberian rifle division and
who were subsequently decorated on
the field with the St. George's Cross.
The hill is a precipitous, rocky
height and although the Japanese had
occupied it only a short time they had
thrown up very strong defenses. The
river running at its foot increased the
difficulty of the task, but it was scaled
and carried successfully against the
unprecedented opposition of a Japan
ese division (14,000 men) with many
guns.
VALOR AND SLAUGHTER.
The fighting to-day slackened con
siderably, owine to rain and the im
passable condition of the roads.
The battlefield of Lone Tree Hill.pre
sents the most awful spectacle that can
be conceived. Russian and Japanese
dead are mingled In heaps in inex
tricable confusion. The ground is
strewn with broken rifles that had been
smashed in hand to hand fighting.
Everything seems to have been utilized
as weapons. The Russian doctors are
working heroically on the slopes of the
hill in the attempt to save those of the
wounded who still survive, but the
Japanese keep up a snipping fire and
render the v.-^rk of relief difficult and
dangerous.
FIDYATUN (six miles, east of
Fhakhe), Oct. 18.— Fighting continues
along almost the whole front. The
Japanese have made an unsuccessful
attempt to recapture ,Lone Tree Hill.
The .Russian infantry met several at
tacks and repulsed them alL Heavy
rains continue. There was a terrific
cannonading last night. Every one is
terribly exhausted, but full of fight.
was the key" to the position- on the
southwest front. Nine regiments par
ticipated, creeping up through the
night and delivering- a -furious assault
at dawn. But the hill had been bought
too dearly by the Russians to -relin
quish it and the Japanese . were driven
back with terrible slaughter.
MUKDEN. Oct. 18.— Lone Tree Hill,
won- by the Russians after a desperate
struggle, was the- object- of a gallant
and, unsuccessful attempt. at recapture
by the Japanese... In ep^tS Of. the awful
slaughter with which they" had been
driven from _the hill;* the Japanese re
turned to the charge during, the night
cf October 17, recognizing' that the hill
the 'interview; with a diplomat at'To
kio, suggesting the propriety/ of re
newing the efforts, in behalf, of, the
restoration j of peace. The idea of
peaee, it is asserted\here, could hard
ly come more inopportunely, -with -[the
Japanese "in the full .flush of; victory.
It has aroused only resentment -and
there is , no doubt that if President
Roosevelt, should-: actually, attempt to
open* the question -at • this time he
would meet with a rebuff.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL. BARTON.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— What is re
garded by the Interstate Commerce
Commission as an "alarming exhibit"
is the record of railroad accidents for
the ¦ year . ending June 30, 1904, now
made public, j
Altogether there were 55,130 casual
ties—3787 killed and 51,343 injured. This
is an increase over the previous year
of "5599 casualties, or 233 killed and
] 6366 injured, and makes the number
record for disasters.
These .figures do not include acci
dents at" highway crossings,, to tres
| passers or persons walking along the
[ tracks, in shoos remote from the rail-'
\ road, or to employes not actually on
duty^ 'Accidents of this nature, a list
of which has not yet been made out.
annually swell the total by thousands.
In -the last .quarter, of the year 23
passengers and 144 employes were
killed and 1134 passengers and 1244 em
ployes injured.
The .total number of collisions and
derailments in this quarter was 2418, of
which 310 affected passenger trains.
The damage in these accidents amount
ed to $2,015,252.
CAUSES OF CASUALTIES.
The following table gives the cause
of accidents and the number killed,
exclusive "of yardmen, switchmen and
other- employe's:
'Derailments— Passengers, killed 166,
Injured : 3383; trainnjen killed 267, in
jured 2077.., ,,, .
! Collisions— Passengers killed, 103; in
jured, 1422; trainmen killed, 229; in
jured,-1078."
Miscellaneous train accidents, includ
ing locomotive boiler explosions — Pas
sengers killed, 1; injured, 140; train
men- Wiled, 62; ¦ injured,'. 980.
Totals— Passengers killed, 270; pas
sengers injured, 4945; trainmen killed,
558; trainmen injured, 4135.
OTHER FATAL ACCIDENTS.
Coupling and uncoupling— Trainmen
killed. -69; injured, 96.
While doing other work about trains
or attending switches— Trainmen killed,
51; injured, 4788.
Coming into contact with overhead
bridges, structures on side, track, .etc.—
Passengers,kllled, 5; injured, 33; train
men killed; 79: injured 620.
Falling from cars or. engine,. or while
getting on lor .off— Passengers . killed,
115; injured, 1517; 'trainmen' killed, 291
injured, 3343. , , ,
Other causes— Passengers' killed, 30;
injured, 1582; trainmen killed, 1331-'in
jured, 559. ¦- • ¦ / ' ¦ -¦
Total other than train accidents-
Passengers killed, '; 150; injured, 3132;
trainmen killed, 623; Injured, 10,327.
Total, all causes— Passengers killed
420; injured, 8077; trainmen killed. 1181
injured, 14,412.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
UKIAH. Oct. 13.— Mrs. Arthur Nolan
of Guffeys Cove had an encounter -with
housebreakers 1 last' week and came off
victorious. Mrs. Nolan, bad been stop
ping with her mother during the ab
sence of her .husband and returning to
her own home found that the house had
been broken j into . and numerous arti
cles of value stolen- Having seen three
trampa on the road she concluded they
were ¦ the thieves and harnessing her
horse started to overtake them.
."After, driving several miles* she came
upon, the tramps, one of whom was
armed with a. Winchester rifle. Un
daunted she poured out her wrath and
charged .them with a buggy whip. The
hoboes were -dazed by her nerve and.
finding that Mrs. Nolan was not afraid
of. ther- gun, meekly returned the stolen
articles and Mrs. Nolan rode home in
triumph. > Needless to say she is the
heroine .. of the , hour.
OUTBREAK BY
EXTREMISTS LIKELY
dead f0emen pileb
In heaps It crest
St. Petersburg As
ton ished by News
From Front
Japanese Gblum n
Barely Escapes
Annihilation.
Of This Number Nearly
Four Thousand Are In
cluded in List of Dead
One Carried Rifle, but They
: Give IJp Plunder When the
: Housewife Makes Demand
TOTAL REACHES 55,130
Government Reinforces the
Garrison and Holds the
Squadrons .in Readiness
in View of the Elections
MEEK KMGHTS OF E0AD
Gallant Attempt by Japanese to
Retake Eminence Fails.
YAMADA'S MEN
ARE CAUGHT IN
RUSSIAN TRAP
Astounding Figures on the
Year's Casualties Due to
the Wrecking of Trains
Ukiah Matron, Armed With
Whip, Mokes Three Hoboes
Give Up Stolen Goods
GLOOM TURNS
TO JUBILATION
IN MUSCOVY
REVOLUTION
IS FEARED
IN ITALY
LOSS OF LIFE
ON RAILROADS
WOMAN'S NERVE
SCARES TRAMPS
SLAVS RETAIN GRIP ON LONE TREE HILL
,i - ' ' •. •
•THE SAN- FRANCISCO' CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1904.
r --NEWV.YORK^pct/; lS.-rThe ) sale^of
three ! Stock* Exchange "seats at] $ 80,000
eachVwas*repbVted';tipi^day. i -v ? ThIs^'price'
is j within $2000f of the topfprice.;:'*"* ''¦'¦"¦
High Price for Seats on .'Change.
; \- WASHINGTON;. Oct.": 1 8.^-Tlie gen
eral 'land :office r^has telegraphed
ders to ] withdraw • public "lands ;r from
all ; forms of ; disposal i whatever; as \ fol
lows :'*• . On -account 5 " of • the" Green River
irrigation'. project 'of [ Salt^Lake City,
Utah; * district,^ 1 9, 9 4 0 -acres.' '' - '*. * "• ;
Lands-AVlthdrawruiri Utah.
PHILADELPHIA. _ Oct. \:18.~The
San" Pedro, ; Los Angeles and Salt* Lake
Railroad -'.Company* has";placed ;an*"or^
der, f or flf ty-one"passengerjf reight and
switch' locomotives': with * a local' firmv
The\engines be} used _pn ; the' 1 com-'
pany's V new/. Jine.v jbetwwn *: Salt - Lake
City and Los; Angeles.v??---*' 1 - 5 !
Clark's Road Buys
ST. PETERSBURG, >*pct 18.— An
announcement' from Washington say
ing that the administration - believed
that -the time , tor! mediation ¦}; in- r the
Par Eastern war was approaching has
created an unfavorable Impression In
Government circles here, -where' there
is an inclination to associate if with
fends St. Petersburg.
I*rc«iclcnt Roosevelt's Suggestion , Of-
2
ADVJERTISEMJENTS;
11 MATCHLESS . P~
\\ PRODUCTIONS
DIAMOND
JEWELRY
I Bohm- Bristol Co.
I ' Jewelers and
if Silversmiths
-jl - 104-1 1O Geary Street
Rheumatism
Does not let go of you
when you • apply lotions or
liniments. It simply loosens
its hold for a wbije. V Why ?
Because to get rid of it you
must, correct, the acid con-
; dition of the blood on which
it* depends. Hood's Sarsa-
: parilla has cured thousands.Combine to Fix Steel ,' Prices.
.LONDON, i Oct. lS.f-^A^ joint confer
ence* of the Scotch and North of Eng
land steel- makers I to-day, decided to
form a coiinbination-for the regulation
of selling, prices. r .
Corral • on ,W' a y - to ] an : Francisco.
KANSAS CITY,.; Mo.^ Oct. 18.—Ra
mon Cftrral, % , Vice ¦. President ¦ of : Mexi
co.yand ;the /partyi^bf i] distinguished
Mexican {officials ¦ .;, accompanying , ; him
•left -Kansas 1 City this: morning* for^ San
Francisco.. s . • '-,'. , ~,\ ~ Y/ ~\ ','. % '"". "
- BERLIN, Oct. ; 1 8.— A minor. » news
agency says 'the former Crown Prin
cess Louise of Saxony telegraphed to
the new King Frederick, of
from whom she was divorced after her
flight with,, a French . -tutor , named
Giron, asking permission to attend the
funeral of ' King George and . see ' her
children. /The King. it. is _^ added,
caused : a refusal to be ' telegraphed * to
her, ¦¦-, ¦-/• • ¦ .- .-• : • • ... ,
quest of Wife Whom He
Divorced.-' ' ' <
3>*cn_KIng of Saxony Denies the Re-
Member of Family of Author of "My
Country 'Tia (it Thee" Guilty of ' "
• Embezzlement. ;
DAVENPORT, Iowa, Oct. 1 8.— Ex-
Mayor S. F. Smith," son ; of.:" Samuel
Francis Smith, author/of : "My^Coun-.
try, . 'Tis *, of Thee," .was tOrdayv sen
tenced to ten. years' imprisonment 'in
the , penitentiary. . As \trustee 'of^ large
estates Smith '•. recently .acknowledged
the embezzlement>fjJ12O.oeo. :';,';. /
PRISON SENTENCE FOR SON
OF FAMOUS SONG WRITER
Blow on Jaw Causes Death.
BUTTE, Mont., Oct., 18.— -A* terrific
blow on .the ; point : of the jaw, struck,'
it -Is : by- several \ witnesses, < by
FrankiWise, caused the death of John
Sievitch to-night." \Wise) made his ['es
cape ; and '; has not \ been captured. The
two, men '- had -been quarreling. v
REFUSES TO ALJX)\V ELOPING
PRINCESS TO GO TO FUNERAL
NEWS FROM ABROAD CAUSES
; DECIDED FLURRY IN HOPS
TACOMA, Oct. -1 8.-rA decided flnr
ry in, hops was; caused to-day'. by a
private cablegram from* 'Nuremberg
saying prices of all descriptions con
tinue to advance. On the. strength of
this the .local market went up to- 31
cents. ; Operators figure there are now
less Uban '-" 10,000 bales -left in Wash
ington.
BAKERSFIELD,. Oct. 18.— Coroner
Mullins this evening received t a tele
phone message j from the - McClung
ranch j of i the : Land Company stating
that a employed there aa
cook committed suicide by hanging
Despondent Chinese Ends Life.
Ohio Woman Demands $3000 . From
Each of Sixteen Prominent
Citizens.""
AKRON, Ohio. Oct. .18.— Alleging
that her husband has lost : heavily on
games of poker in the Buchtel ..Hotel,
Mrs. Florence V. Curtis to-day 'sued
sixteen •prominent citizens, who,' she
says, won her; husband's money. She
wants $3000 from each.' ' ,
The defendants named are j M. ¦ J.
Hoye, Charles ; Hatch, John W. ¦ Payne,
Lew Martin,. Charles H. . Isbett. Wil
liam Williams, Don A.* Godwin, Wil
liam I* Bretz, John ; Williams/ Daniel
McGarry, C. Malcany, ; Ed : , R.V Patter
son, E. Mackey; jWilliam ; Wihdson ; Jr. : ,
John F. -Windsor and ! Russell Port.*
SUES MEN* WHO BEAT
HUSBAND AT POKER
Surgical Congress Desires to Gain
Further Light on Uie Discovery
of Dr. Doyen.
PARIS. Oct. 18. — The,Internation
al Surgical Congress, now in session
here, decided to-day to appoint a
committee of specialists to examine
the claims of Dr. Doyen that he has
discovered a :serum cure for cancer.
This action on the part of the con
gress was taken after a heated con
troversy and was accepted by Dr.
Doyen on condition that it shall not
be a committee of investigation, but
one similar to that examining Pas
teur's discoveries.
WILD IXQCIRE INTO XEW
SERU3I CURE FOR CANCER
DR. BRADFORD TO SUCCEED
DR. WASmXGTOX GLADDEN
Made President of Missionary .Asso
. elation at Session of National '
Congregational Council.
-¦Dps MOINES, Iowa, Oct. 18.—To
day's session of the National Congre
gational Council was devoted entirely
to the American Missionary -Associa
tion'and its interests. ¦*
President Washington Gladden de
clined re-election In order that he may
devote ¦himself; during. the > next three'
years: to "the ministry, at laree, which
sphere as moderator of the council. his
duties . t demand. Ex-ModeVator
Amory H. Bradford was elected to'suc
ceed . Dr. (Gladden as president ot '.* the
Missionary Association. The old board
of : executive, directors' was re-elected."
The Pak Kans is a vessel of 434
tons, owned by the Hwang Wan
Steamboat Company of Hongkong.
The Hoi Ho is of 601 tons and is
owned by the Chi Wo Steamboat Com
pany of Hongkong. Both companies
are British concerns. "
CHINESE PIRATES ATTACK
TWO BRITISH STEAMSHIPS
English Gunboat Dispatched to West
River, Near Canton, Scene of
the Encounter.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 18. — The British
steamships Pak Kang and Hoi Ho
were attacked by pirates in the West
Klver near Canton last night. A Brit
ish gunboat has been dispatched to
the scene. .:.;.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTREAL", Ont., Oct. 18.— Canada,
is considerably upset to-night by news
from London of the resignation of
Charles M. Hays, second vice president
and general manager of the Grand
Trunk Railway system and general
manager of the proposed Grand Trunk
Pacific, which is to run across the con
tinent and rival in every particular the
Canadian Pacific Railway.
The building of the new road, which
will , cost the : Government of Canada
$113,000,000, and which is to be turned
over to the Grand Trunk, Is one of the
main issues upon which the - present
election is being fought, and November
3 next is being looked forward to with
profound anxiety by both the Liberal
party, now in power, and the Conserv
atives. In the midst of this anxiety
comes the resignation of Hays.
* What has brought , it . about is mere
cpjecture, as far as has > been learned
as yet. It is assumed here that some
trouble has arisen in connection with
the Pacific extensi' -» of - the Grand
Trunk, and there Is fear that the
project may fail. Hays was the most
conspicuous figure in making Pacific
Coast plans. It, is declared by many
that Hays has fallen out with Sir Wil
frid / Laurler over details of the scheme.
Hays was- formerly president i of the
Southern Pacific.
After the Ceremony the Xcw Museum
of Art Is Formally
Dedicated.
BERLIN, Oct. 18. — Emperor Wil
liam unveiled -the" equestrian bronze
statue of Emperor Frederick in front
of the new Museum of Art to-day, in
the presence of a brilliant crowd of
princely personages, the diplomatic
corps, generals and admirals/all of
whom stood in a drizzling rain until
the imperial party arrived and during
the ceremonies. The Emperor, the
members of the royal family and. the
other more distinguished personages,
after the unveiling 1 withdrew to the
marble hall, within which his Majesty
dedicated the building to art. •
KAISER UNVEILS STATUE
OF EMPEROR FREDERICK
Resigns Post of General
Manager of the Canadian
Grand Trunk Pacific
Farmer's Wife Badly Hart.
HEALDSBURG, Oct. 18.— Mrs.
Fred Hobb. wife of a wealthy Geyser
ville farmer, was badly hurt while
out driving to-day. Her horse bolted,
throwing her with great force into a
ditch. Several of her fibs were bro
ken and her spine«injured.
Patents Issued to Several Californians.
Postal Changes Which Affect
This State.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— Sarah E.
Redmond has been appointed post
master at Adelaide, San Luis Obispo
County, Cal.
The following patents were issued
to Californians to-day: Harry A.
Brooks, Los Angeles, incubator or
brooder and heat controlling device
therefor; Emil Denison, San Francisco,
wire stretcher; Edgar J. Dow, Oak
land, carburetter; Kathleen A. Duff,
San Francisco, attachments for stoves;
Samuel M. Fulton, Pomona, pump; Jo
seph Kaiser, San Francisco, cork ex
tracter; Orlando King, Dewey, Colo.,
assignor of one-half to H. George, San
Francisco, conveyor; J. J. Knox, "Los
Angeles, shingling gauge; _ Joseph
E. Merritt, Bakersfield, oil well
packer; William. Morck, Oakland,
vehicle wheel: J. E. Packard,
Los Angeles, bucket stand for slot or
other machines; Edward Arix, San
Francisco, engine valve gear;*Oskar A.
Sarvela and;R. Eckley, fire ladder;, M.
P. Schell, assignor to Folker's Saw Fil
ing Machine Company, San Francisco,*
saw filing, machine; Charles A. Smith,
Los Angeles, concentrator; H. C. Stone
Jr., Evanston, 111., and H. C. Stone Jr.,
San Francisco, the former assignor to
the latter, lifting derrick; Robert H.
Walter, lios Angeles, acetylene gas
burner; Henry H. Watts, Bakersfield,
oil burner; George W. Winckfleld; Oak
land, lock; George C. Witt, assignor to
F. H.- Bates, San Francisco, vapor gen
erator. « ' . ; "•-
HAYS GIVES UP
HIGH POSITION
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
r'.- ! 7i^ OF THE PACIFIC COAST
himself.- The man had been despond
ent for some time and had frequent
ly declared that some one was threat
ening his life., -
Says It. Is Out of General Politics, but
? Indorses Certain 'Judicial
Candidates.
The following circular letter has
been issued by the Citizens' Alliance
of San Francisco to members, asking
them to vote for and urge the election
of the candidates for the judicial
bench ; mentioned in the resolution
embodied in the letter:
October 11, 1904.
To Members: The executive committee- of
the Citizens' Alliance has absolutely decided
to keep politics out of the organization, and
the organization .out of politics, and believes it
would be a great mistake to undertake to as
sert Itself positively by placing a ticket on the
official ballot.
The success of our association, however, de
pends largely upon the fairness and honesty of
the Judiciary. AVe must have competent, fear
less and unbiased .Judges to successfully main
tain law and order. A movement is on foot
to elevate well-known | labor sympathizers to
the bench at the expense of the incumbents. In
the opinion of the executive committee the
election of men pledged to class politics would
greatly retard the work of the Citizens' Alli
ance, and for the purpose of enlightening: our
members the executive committee met on Sat
urday, October 8, and adopted the resolution
which , appears . below. ,' W,-. .'..-.
It is not our, desire > to dictate to members,
but we urge upon all of them the Importance
of lending their assistance at this time to the
end that a better understanding may be
brought about between employer" and employe,
and a condition of Industrial equilibrium estab
lished:
Whereas, - At •¦ the coming municipal election
four Superior - Judges are to be elected for a
term of nix years; and
~ ; > Whereas. It . Is essential to the welfare of
this community that upright and . Independent
men should be elected to the bench; and
¦Whereas, The Importance of the judicial of
fice is such that the individuals best qualified
for the public service should be , supported,
apart from considerations of political : faith or
party indorsement; and ; 
. -Whereas,; The ; incumbents — the Hon. J. M.
Seawell, Hon. James M. Troutt. Hon. Frank
J. Murasky and the Hon.. Frank H. Kerrigan —
have, during their = respective terms upon • the
bench,. now about expiring, demonstrated their
fitness for the Judicial office and have by the
faithful execution of -their: duties as Judges
won the : right to re-election; now, therefore, 1
be-it ¦ •,: - - ¦ -••'¦ ¦¦ • ' ' ¦ •'.- ' . v . ••;
•Resolved, .That the Citizens' Alliance favors
the election : of ' the - above ; named candidates,
and. recommends that every member of the al
liano? do-all In his power to secure their, re
election. Bfiftj^SJSSsJ^SSJ
'-: In compliance with ¦ the i order , of the ; execu
tive "committee, ; I ..take • pleasure In- herewith
placing; be fore you the above resolution, trust-
Ins It ¦ will be v accepted In the spirit meant,
and that all will make, it their business to go
to the polls on election day and: exercise their
richts as American citizens to encourage a Ju
dlclaryj ne are .warranted In : believing' 5 fe«l
disposed. to lay, aside partisan politics, or. class
politics, '« etc.; and decide legal questions ( upon
their merits. : and hand down decisions along
lines of; Justice. --Yours very truly. .
'. HERBERT GEORGE. President.
W.K. 'ALEXANDER.- Secretary. * \'
Indorsed . by San >- Francisco Bar Association.
CITIZENS' AliLJANCE
ISSUES CIRCUI/AR
Special Dispatch to The Call
MODESTO, Oct. 18.— Delegates to the
second annual congress of the Califor
nia Irrigation Association met in con
vention in Rogers Hall this morning.
The convention was called to order by
A. M. Drew, president of the organiza
tion. A large^number of delegates are
present at the" convention, the southern
counties being exceptionally well rep
resented. Among the delegates there
Is much enthusiasm and when the con
vention was called to order the' mem
bers settled down to work with readi
ness and without a hitch. .:>>-¦
The feature of the morning session
was an address of welcome bjr Dr.
Dickenson of Ceres, who struck the
keynote of the convention and received
hearty applause when he said: ¦
"Mr. Chairman and friends — The
pleasure and duty falls to nie to extend
to you a word of welcome. I do this
gladly because you come as the repre
sentatives of a cause which is just now
paramount in' our thoughts and upon
which will depend much of the success
and prosperity of the country in the
future. It depends chiefly upon the
variable factor in our physical envi
ronments which we call weather. The
man who helps to eliminate from the
industry of agriculture its. uncertain
elements and substitutes for them a
measure of assurance and certainty Is
a benefactor of the race. He who can
help us to control a timely and propor
tionate distribution of moisture over
the world's productive fields does a
greater service than he who harnesses
the steam in the interests of traffic, for
transportation is subordinate to pro
duction and depending upon it. We
welcome you as the representatives of
that science which Is to control and
distribute the waters over our arid
lands. The discussions and conclusions
of such a body as this is of greater im
portance to the life and well being of
our nation than those of any sociolog
ical or political bodies."
The remainder of the morning was
spent -in the organization of the con
vention, the appointment of committees
and other work. -' On the committee on
resolutions were appointed Scipio
Craig of Redlands, John G. Worth of
Riverside, Elwood Mead of the State
University, R. D. McPherson of Impe
rial and L. L. Dennett of. Stanislaus.
Addresses were delivered in the after
noon and evening by Elwood Mead, A.
M. Drew and others.
An elaborate programme has been ar
ranged for to-morrow.-
Enthusiastic Gathering at
Modesto of Men Who Want
Arid Lands of State Saved
IRRIGATIONISTS
IN CONVENTION
HEAD OP WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN
TEMPERANCE UNION. WHO DE
LIVERED ADDRESS AT CHICO.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SHJLOH, N. J., Oct. 18.— With her
baby, 9 months old, nestling on her
breast, Mrs. Frank Rasinger, 24 years
old, was found dead in her home near
here by her husband to-day. A charge
of heavy bird shot had been fired at
a range of a few feet into her left side,
just below the heart. A circular wound
two Inches in diameter reached nearly
through. the body.. A posse of farmers
is scouring the country for the ; mur
derer. v . .
There was every indication of a des
perate struggle in the house and . it
is believed that after the young mother
had been overpowered she was mur
dered to ke^p her from making known
the identity of her assailant. Appar
ently she had been shot down when
trying to flee into the open.
The baby held its arms around her
neck and was crying piteously. It had
upset its cradle and crawled across
the floor. Its hands were stained by
its mother's blood and the front of its
little white frock was crimson.
CHICO, Oct. IS.— After devotional ex
ercises led by Mrs. Bidwell, the W. C.
T. U. Convention was formally opened
to-day by President Mrs. B. Sturte
vant-Peet. The following committees
•were then appointed:
Committee on credentials — Mrs. D. J.
Spencer, Miss Anna Chase, Mrs. Kim
hail. Committee on resolutions— Miss
S. M* Severance, Mrs. S. H. M. Wood
man, Mrs. Effle Whitman.
Recording Secretary Mrs. D. J. Spen
cer made a satisfactory report and
Corresponding Secretary Miss Anna C.
Chase read summaries of reports from
various counties. These summaries
end wed that there are 158 unions in the
State with a membership of more than
SOOO. Forty-one unions were organized
tnls year. The money used in local
work amounted to J4S74. In State,
county and local work 57589 was ex
pended.
Mrs. Grace Kimball, treasurer, re
ported all bills paid and Superintendent
of Purity Work Mrs. A. C. Balnbridge
reported a successful year's work. .;
The 6peclal feature of to-day's
sewricn was the address of the
president. * Mrs. Sturtevant-Peet.
The address reviewed the history
of the work of the union in the
State at some length and referred espe
cially to the legislation along lines fa
vorable to temperance and the part
played by the W. C. T. U. in securing
legislation.
Mrs. Peet has been president of the
State Union for thirteen years and is
one of the most conspicuous figures
In temperance work in the United
States. For nineteen years she has
b^en identified with temperance work
in California.
It is practically settled that Fresno
*vill get the next convention of the
union. The election of officers takes
place to-morrow morning.
Young* Mother Found Mur
dered With Babe ~ Nest
ling on Her ' Breast
FIENDISH THUG
SLAYS WOMAN
BOSTON, Oct. 18.— The divorce issue
again came before the Episcopal con-
Jvefition to-day, but no final action was
I taken on several resolutions referring
i to subjects which were presented. The
! House of , Bishops sent a message to
j the deputies informing, them that the
i .Bishops had voted to forbid the remar
' riage of any divorced persons, but when
the matter was laid before the deputies
on the question of concurrence Rev.
Doctors Lewis Parks and W. D. Hunt
j ington, both of New York, immediately
I set the parliamentary machinery in
j motion to defeat or at least sidetrack
' the Bishops' resolution.
! After a brief but spirited skirmish
! the matter was referred to the commit
' tee on canons, from which it can be
J called at any time. During the fore
noon several resolutions favoring a
! stricter canon on carriage and divorce
j were referred to a committee. .'. .
| The divorce matter again came to the
I fore through a resolution by George
Fester Peabody of Brooklyn, calling
for the appointment of twelvehn'erh
; bers of both houses to consider
! the entire question and report to the
j next" general convention. The commit
i tee is to confer with other religious
! bodies as to some uniform standard of
I legislation bearing on marriage and.di
vorce. It was referred to the commit
tee on canons.
:'-\A>joint commission, appointed three
years ago, presented an extended re
port, recommending that all dioceses
and missionary districts be grouped to
seven provinces, each province to have
authority to legislate on matters which
do not conflict with "the general con
vention. Each province is to elect a
primate to preside over it. The report
will be acted upon later.
The House of Deputies to-day decid
ed to refer a proposition to elect a!
negro Bishop for the Southern States
to the next convention.
The House of Bishops nominated Rev.
Logan F. Roots of Arkansas for Bishop
of Hankow, China; Rev. Frank S. ¦
Spalding of Erie, Pa., for Bishop of]
Salt Lake, and Rev. A. TV. Knight of:
Atlanta, Ga., for Bishop of Cuba. The i
nominations will have to be ratified
j by the House of Deputies to become
effective. : "-)i'lx^\"i-
The House of Bishops to-day adopted
the following section as part of the
canon oir divorce:; _-
"The judgment of the Bishop shall
always be taken before a divorced" per
soa, who has a former husband or wife,
.stlll' living, jand -whof >is married to'
another, "may be confirmed or permit
ted to receive the "holy communion;
provided, that the sacraments shall in
no case be refused to any penitent per
son in imminent danger of death/ nor
to the innocent party in a divorce
granted for adultery.".
The effect of -this action is to make
the regulations cf the church more
binding and more definite.
In the House of Deputies the commit
tee on amendments to : the constitution
reported a definition of the words
"within the boundaries of the United
States." ' *
The committee construed that phrase
in the constitution to mean all terri
tory and possessions within the juris
diction of the United States, and not
merely that territory- lying between the
Atlantic and Pacific and between Can
ada and Mexico. The House voted to
accept . the definition as presented.
T. F. RIngwatt of Omaha surprised
the House by offering a resolution ask
ing that Congress be petitioned to erect
a statue to Edmund Burke in Boston.
The resolution went to committee. ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 18.— The demand of
Great Britain for an ;> indemnity of
$3,750,000 from . the Tibetans appears
likely to lead to a prolonged British
occupation of the Chumbi Valley.
The Tibetans declared their inability
to pay the indemnity within the three
years first stipulated, and Great Brit
tain has now proposed that the pay
ments be made at the rate of $50,000
yearly and that until the whole sum
is paid the British retain possession
of this, valley, which Is the key to
Tibet.
The Tibetans are said to approve of
the proposal, but China's opposition to
the ratification of the treaty is in
creasing, causing fear that the Dalai
Lama and his Russian associate may
be induced to return to Lassa and
upset the British calculations. -
Germany's attempt at Peking to pre
vent China ratifying the L.assa treaty
provoked the Globe this afternoon into
a vehement attack on the Kaiser. It
demands that Lord Lansdowne order
Wilhelm fo stand out of the way of
Britain's interests in Asia or prepare
to be pushed out of the way. The
Kaiser is designated as a meddler in
affairs tjiat do not concern him. He is
requested to examine the records of
Lansdowne and Curzon if he imagines
they can be bluffed.
. It must be admitted that the action
of Germany has produced a bad mood
at the Foreign Office and given a shock
to diplomatic circles. It is said that
Lansdowne's expectation of German
meddling relative to Lassa caused him
much- uneasiness and led him to post
pone negotiations with China concern
ing Weihaiwei lest they should furnish
the Kaiser with a broader platform on
which to build an anti-British case in
Asia.
PEKING, Oct. 18.— The German Min
ister, Baron Mumm . von Schwartzen
stein, and Captain Truppel, Governor of
Kiaochau (the German protectorate on
the Shantung Peninsula) were received
in audience yesterday by the Emperor
and the Dowager Empress. Captain
Truppel was decorated with the Order
of the Double Dragon.
Subsequently' Madame Truppel and
the ladies of the diplomatic body were
received in audience, and Madame
Truppel was presented with a portrait
of the Dowager Empress .painted by
her own hand.
; .Both receptions .were entirely formal.
Nevertheless the decoration of: Captain
Truppel and the present . made to his
wife are looked upon aa indicating that
the Chinese Government is entirely sat
isfied with the attitude of Germany
toward China.
There have been no further develop
ments in the situation growing: out of
the signing of the treaty between the
British mission to Tibet and the Ti
betan authorities.
PARIS, Oct. 18. — Parliament re
assembled to-day in extraordinary ses
sion. A lively incident occurred in the
corridors between 'Pugliesi-Conti (Re
publican) and Celestine Bose, a late
Bonapartist candidate. The latter
hissed Pugliesi-Conn, who' responded,
with blows from his umbrella. The
two were eventually separated.
Brisson presided in the Chamber,
where many interpellations were pre
sented. Premier Combes, on behalf
of the Ministry, proposed that the
Chamber first discuss the interpella
tions relative to the rupture with
Rome and thereafter the Marseilles
strike and the charge against the ad
minstration of the War Office. The
proposal brought on a spirited contro
versy.
It was finally decided by a majority
of 100 to discuss the interpellations
in the order desired by the Premier.
A further proposal to discuss interpel
lations on Fridays only, in order to
prevent the blocking of business, was
carried by a majority of twenty-five.
In the Senate the proceedings were
purely formal, ' the President of the
Senate pronouncing a eulogy on the
late Waldeck-Rousseau and other
Senators who had died since adjourn
ment. The Senate then closed its pes
sion for the day.
English Offer to Accept Sum
in Small Payments and to
Remain in Chumbi Valley
Pugliesi-Conti Hissed by
Celestin Bose and a Fight
'Is the Immediate Result
Brisk Skirmish Develops;
but the Matter Is Shelved
; Without Final Action
HITCH AS TO INDEMNITY
UMBRELLA AS WEAPON
Lively Scrimmage Takes
Place in Corridors of
the French Parliament
Great Britain Makes a New
Proposal, Providing for
Long Period of Occupation
House of Deputies Fails to
Eatify the Action Taken
by the Episcopal Bishops
QUESTION SIDETRACKED
TWO STATESMEN
COME TO BLOWS
NO AGREEMENT
AS TO DIVORCE
WOULD RETAIN
KEY TO TIBET
'THE^SAN^FRANGISCOGALT^avVEDNESDAY; OCTOBER 19, 1901.
Women Temperance Advocates Plan
Fight Against Demon Rum.
LIQUOR'S FOES
MEET AT CHICO
3
FREE — FREE ¦— FREE ;
1 •-'-•¦- "•¦-•¦• , with ' ' ¦•¦-" ;-
sunday call
want ads: v
Your Choice of Two Premiums,'
-Either a • ¦- '. .. ¦
—LIGHTNING • BREAD and—
— -^- CAKEfKNIFE .
' "',¦--. or : a--- ' '• - . ¦ s"
— NUT SET ¦ ' y
(Six Nut Picks and a Crack.) ¦
Se j f Small Ad. Page ; f or^Fur-^
; = ther; Particulars. ; • . - •
Trunks, Suit Cases
and Leather Goods
• In unlimited styles and vari-
eties at the right price. New
and ' up-to-date goods con-
stantly arriving. Our goods
are always dependable. Don't
fail to call on us when you
A. f B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, near Powell.
Caret • Cold in One Day, Grfpta 2 Day*
JC pjf £f v onevwy
€>. y^U^WU** fcoa. 25c
Schools and Colleges,
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF "THS
MjMMiriMwh'M.prM WTIT ' itPiMmni
' Ovtr 24 Post at..' Saa Francisco. ' CsJ.
Eatab..** year».,Op«n •ntlr* rear, day * alzht.
. Wrtu for drcuUn (trn). J^~
• > DR.! KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
Ipillliiipi
TROUBLE m DON'T KNOW IT
B 1 1 ff| Jk, ¦ ilsl lip---
i ¦ .
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Saipple Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sick-
ness and suffering than any other disease— therefore, when
through neglect op other causrs, kidney troujle is permitted to
continue, fatal results are^sure to follow.
Voup other organs may nerd attention — but your kidneys
most, because they do most and n;cd attention fL-*st.
If you are sick or "feel badly,** begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, be-
cause as soon as yojr kidneys begin to get better they wl 1 help
all the other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of symptoms of which are— obliged to
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and pass your water frequently night and
bladder remedy, is soon realized. It day, smarting or irritaUon m passing,
" j iU . . v . , -. „. ¦ *. bnckdust or sediment in the urine,
stands the highest for its wonderful hcadacnC) backachc , , ame back> dizzi .
cujes of the v most distressing cases. ness> poor digestion, sleeplessness,
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- nervousness, heart disturbance due to
tern right, and the best proof of this bad kidney trouble, skin eruptions
is a trial. from bad blood, neuralgia, rheuma-
53 cottage st.-, melrose. mass. tism, diabetes, bloating, irritability,
dear sir: ' jam. lira wo*, wornout feeling, lack of ambition, loss
"Ever since I was In the Army I had more f «_„!, «,_iiU :.
09 less kidney trouble, and within the past <>i flesh, sallow complexion, or
year it became so severe and complicated that Bright S disease.
l^SjSrSS^^^^uSSSt^. U your water, when allowed to re-
I saw an advertisement of Swamp-Root and main Undisturbed in a glass Or bottle
wrote asking for advice. I began the use of x__ »„.__*„ ?<-,,,- Un,,r-s »«^«,<- m-Al
the medicine and noted a decided improvement ¦ tor twenty-tour hours, torms a sedl-
after taking Swamp-Root only a short time. I ment Or settling Or has a cloudy ap-
••I contlnuued its use and am thankful to say nearanre it i* t>v\Ae-nrr tVi'at- vnn-
that 1 am entirely cured and strong. In order' P?arance, it 15 evidence that you.
to be very sure about this i had a doctor exam- kidneys oladd.«* r need immediate
ine' some of my water to-day and he pro- attention. "ftfli
nounced it all right and In splendid condition. ¦«, ' _ . £vF
+'M know that: your. Swamp-Root . i» purely , OWamp-KOOt IS pleasant to take and
vegetable and does not contain any harmful j s f or sale at druff Stores the wr»rM
drugs. Thanking you for my complete recovery " *"*- 1* . », 7 S » 5lorcs '«= WOria
and recommending Swamp-Root to all sufferers Over in bottles OI two Sizes and two
i em. very truly yours # prices^-fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
. muHAKD&ow. member the name, Swamp-Root, Dr
Swamp-Root is not recommended Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
for everything, but it promptly cures dress, Binghamton, N. Y., on every
kidney, liver and bladder troubles, the bottle. •
EDITORIAL NOTE.— In order to prove the wonderful merits of
Swamp-Root you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable infor-
mation, both sent absolutely free by mail. The book contains many of the
thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters' received from men and
women cured. The value and success of Swamp-Root are so well known
that our readers are advised to send for a sample- bottle. In sending your
address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton. N. Y.. be sure to say you read
this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call. The genuineness of
this offer is guaranteed.NEW^YORKi Oct* -1 S.— Judge ; Par
ker ; discussed' the '¦ question of constitu
tional government in a^letter ; read to
night .at . ' ja£'rneetinsr of the citizens.* of
UlsUr^'County,*- -uj r -'y^i ] held fat ? the
Says It Is - Chart for; ; the Ship : of
f -v... ijstate&v''"' '¦ s ¦ .. ¦¦-:
PARKER ON CONSTITUTION.
CHICAGO, OcC; 1 8.~This ' was the
second .'day of registration 'of > voters
and the, result was to
the party managers, aa 1 the total ' regis
tration for thecity of Chicago was but
7814 ' greater than the 'registration {t or
the : lastLnationall campaign. The j to
tal \, registration' . to-day ,'J \ was 145,34 1, 1
making a total of : 407;579 'for 'the; two
days. In 1900 ihe" total registration of
malevotersrwaV:S9fl,766; - *' "/
Result Reported ¦ as - Disappointing to
Party \Managers.
REGISTRATION IN CHICAGO.
•George J. Berger, secretary of the
Union Labor party County, Committee,
presided at the meeting. Prior to the
introduction of " Mr. Livernash to the
audience . D. ' W. rBufch'ard. " Republi
can and >Union"Labo'r nomineVj for
Judge of the Superior Court; % J. W. ;
Mindham. candidate for "the Assembly
in. the Tw-enty.-eightirDistrict;. : .Frank
A^Markey; who is "seekinif 'election r tb
Members of the Union Labor party
gathered, in force at. Pioneer Hall last
night th I further, **the of
their nominees for* office.'.' Congress
man Edward J. LlvernaRh, nominee of
the Democratic and Union Labor par
ties, was the principal, speaker, of the
evening. j . -: • -.
Congressman LJvcruash Is Principal
Speaker at Pioneer Hall.
LA BO It PARTY, HOLDS RALLY.
BEDFORD, Ind., Oct. 18.—^-The spe
cial train .which is carrying William
J. Bryan _ on: his tour of Indiana was
more than" two hours late in reaching
this .city '.for '.the mass meeting to
tfight;-which 'was the closing event of
thV programme of the sixth day. Bry
an's •/voice ' shows evidence' J < of the
strain "which he is undergoing. Nev
ertheless* the ' large audience listened
for an hour' and a half to his discus
sion of the 'political : issues. ''-.^V ¦
The SDeaker"; delivered his address
from a temporary stand erected in the
courthouse park; , The park,; which
covers four acres of -ground,' was filled
with people from the and
surrounding towns. Bryan made an
earnest' appeal for the support of the
Democratic national and State tickets.
Shows Evidence of Strain at Bedford.
Indiana. .
BRYANTS VOICE AFFECTED.
On his arrival in'* this city shortly
before 4 / o'clock Senator Fairbanks
was driven 'to Warwick, where he wag
the ' jruest , at - r dinner , at the home -, of
Senator Aldrich. ; After dinner Senator
Fairbanks, accompanied •}¦ by. 'Senator
Aldrich and! Congressman •Capron,
drove to Infantry. Hall.! where he made
the principal speech of the evening.
PROVIDENCE, R. I.. Oct 18.—
With a speech at Infantry Hall in this
city to-night. Senator Fairbanks ended
a busy day. in New England, having
made brief addresses at Plttsfleld,
Mass., and Woonsocket and Paw
tucket. R. I.,., where his special train
stopped during the trip to this city! At
each stoD he was accorded a cordial
reception.
The incident of the day which gave
Senator Fairbanks the greatest pleas
ure^occurred at , Pawtucket. 1 .where . he
was . met by a delegation', of the local
chapter, of the Daughters of the Amer
ican Revolution, and accepted in the
name of , M rs. Fairbanks, the national
president of the "organization, a. large
basket of flowers. : .' -, •
Accepts for His Wife Flowers From
Revolutionary Daughters. ! /.
WOMEN HONOR FAIRBANKS.
. Senator Belshaw . spoke at length
upon the, principal Issues _of. the cam :
paign. He began by calling, attention
to 'the .various 'constitutional;. amend
ments submitted to the' voters for rat
iflcatlonjDr rejection. .'He advised the
voters to vote for amendments estab
lishing a court of appeals, giving the
Board of Harbor Commissioners power
to float bonds for, the completion of the
sea wall, . relieving the Academy of
Sciences .from taxation and exempting
from taxation a ship entering \ the har
bors of the State and household furni
ture to the. value of $100. ; He advised
the rejection of the proposition, to per
mit the codes to be amended in an om
nibus bill and the one 'changing the
sessions of the Legislature. *
: Senator Belshaw then /took* up the
national questions. The affairs j of ' the
nation during the last' four ' years. ' he
said, hade been so satisfactorily con
ducted and the country is ,upon i such
a sound 'financial basis that the people
do . not, care to change the:administra
tion. The Isfiues fought' but four years
ago had not been, revived, , he said, and
there- being .nothlng c on' "which -the
Democrats could appeal to* the' voters
of the country, they seek to gain a vic
tory < by* attacking the : - personality of
President .Theodore , Roosevelt. I This
attack, - said , the speaker, in ,=. view ; of
the great , confidence the people have
in^ the President,; is bound to -react
upon the Dempcrats to their ,'dlaadvan
tageand defeat..;- ;/ ' : \
.. i Senator .Belshaw. closed with a ring
ing appeal , to the ypung voters to care
fully consider;, the 'J. needs . and '". condl»
tiona i of >the" - country^and to : vote t the
Republican ¦ ticket^roni, top to), bottom.
His^ speech was ' received (wjth enthusi
asm and he was frequently interrupted
hy -/applause. '•¦ .-•¦,','¦ \ ."'. ;
V Senator" Charles M. . .. Shortridge - : was
the next speaker/ *:¦ He :; In
usual '"i jriirnitable ' .way > with * a 3 ; f eV,
humorous. V comments ..' on . ..the political
situation:" Senator .ShartfidgVT then , paid
? high compliment; to the fwork "done" by
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 18.— One of the
largest and most enthusiastic political
meetings held in Marin County during
the present campaign was held in the
opera-house to-night , and was ad
dressed . by Senators Belshaw and
Shortridge. Chairman Martinelll first
introduced R. J. Davis, candidate for
Supervisor, and S. H. Olmsted, nominee
for the Assembly. \ Both gentlemen
made short but effective addresses.
GREAT RALLY IN MARIN.
; Judge Parker's position on the serv
ice pension order was given 'support
by General John W. Kay of Brooklyn,
who called on the candidate. The
general said he could assure Judge
Parker he would- lose no Democratic
votes br his declaration that If elected
he woulud revoke the executive order
and use his influence to have Congress
enact "a. service law. •- .
XEW YORK, Oct. 18.— The politi
cal situations in Indiana and New
Jersey were the most Important af
fairs of the Democratic campaign
considered by Judge Parker after he
arrived here to-day. A report was
made to. ; hinV concerning Indiana by
Simon ; P; Sheril, who was secretary
of the- Democratic-' National Commit
tee in 18 Si 2.
It Is said the conference did much
to shape the contest to be waged by
Indiana Democrats for supremacy in
the election. The announcement was
made bv Indianans who. called on
Judge Parker . that . the prospects of
carrying Indiana, as shown bv a
fourth "canvass, were encouraging. No
figures were given out.
•In New Jersey the situation is re
ported to be far more complex than
in any of the doubtful. States, and the
result more dependent upon the work
done in the remaining two and one
half weeks of the campaign. This
was the judgment of former Senator
James J. Smith Jr.. who called on
Judge Parker and declared certain the
election of Black for Governor, and
predicted that the Democratic na
tional ticket also would win.
Nominee Told of Situation in Indiana
and New Jersey.
PARKER RECEIVES REPORTS.
Davis In West Virginia.
WELSH, W. Va.. Oct. 18.— Henry
G. Davis. Democratic candidate for
Vice President, wound up a busy .day
of campaigning vrith a rally here .to
night.
MONTPELIER, VL. Oct. M8. ; — Sena
tor Redfield Proctor was re-elected to
the United States -Seriate: by the Ver
mont Legislature to-day* in separate
session. The election will be officially
confirmed to-morrow fn joint session.
Senator Proctor Re-elected.
Empty hours make aching hearts.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. — The house
at 28 East Twentieth street, in which
President Roosevelt was born, has
been leased by a Republican cam
paign club. The latter was organized
only recently, but has a membership
of more than 160.
Meet at Roosevelt's Birthplace.
RED BLUFF, Oct. 18.— A very large
and enthusiastic audience greeted Con
gressman Gillett and Senator Selvage
at Pavilion Opera-house to-night. Gil
lett arrived on an early train this
morning v and. made friends with hun
dreds of citizens during the day. John
F. Ellison presided at to-night's meet
ing. :¦ , . . ."..;.'. , ! '. .. -
Gillett , scored Congressman Q Bell's
false claim in regard to securing $22,000
for the upper Sacramento River. He
said no river and harbor bill was
passed by the last Congress, but upon
recommendation of Major Heuer $22,
000 was given the upper Sacramento
f rorr. the emergency appropriation - of
$3,000,000. Gillett reviewed his work in
Congress to aid the settlers in Mono
County, to aid the hydraulic miners,
to secure pensions for the old soldiers
and to relieve various . counties from
the encroachment of forest reserves.
He punctured many ridiculous claims
made by his opponent, Camlnetti, who
claimed that he had secured the re
moval of duty on grain bags and thus
deserved the gratitude of California
farmers. Gillett read a telegram from
Collector Stratton of S*n Francisco
saying that Caminetti had never intro
duced a bill to repeal the duty on
grain bags or jute. He told how Cam
inetti had sought, when . in Congress,
to defeat the appropriation of $750,000
secured for Eureka haroor by Con
gressman Geary.
Wool, cattle and lumber are the lead
ing products of Tehama County, and it
was told how Caminetti voted. to put
these on the free list. Gillett made a
most excellent impression and he will
be given a large majority in Tehama
County.
Hon. T. H. Selvage of Eureka, candi
date for State Senator, followed Gillett,
and made a strong and convincing ar
gument on national issues. He also
made a good impression.
Congressman Gillett Tells Citizens of
Red Bluff About Camlnetti.
GIVliS HIS SIDE OF STORY.
Some 600 of the employes of the Union
Iron Works assembled at the noon hour
yesterday to hear E. A. Hayes, Repub
lican candidate for Congress in the
Fifth Congressional District. Mr.
Hayes was introduced by A. D. Porter,
business manager of the Brotherhood
of Boilermakers and Iron Ship Builders
of America. Mr. Porter pointed out that
the interests of the workingmen lie
with the administration that is in pow
er and with the Republican Congress
that will continue in power after the
coming election; that a Republican
Congressman would be able to obtain
appropriations for the building of war
ships here to the great benefit of the
men of, the iron works, and that their
interests are in securing the election of
such a Congressman. He laid stress on
the necessity of sending a man to Con
gress who would favor the merchant
marine.
Mr. Hayes spoke of his great interest
In the workmen of this country, .having
been born on . a Wisconsin farm and
having employed labor during the last
twenty years; that in all his relations
with workingmen he had never had any
friction that had not been adjusted to
their satisfaction; that he treated his
employes as coworkers and had always
insisted upon his foremen refraining
from cursing and from antagonizing
those under his charge; that he had
never employed- Mongolian labor and
believed not only in the exclusion of it,
but in its deportation. He declared for
eight hours for the working day and
even for, less in some -.employments. He
dwelt for some, time on the question of
protection , and showed, how their : true
interests .lie in maintaining . this doc
trine and putting it in force by a high
tariff- upon^the products of cheap for
eign labor so as to enable the workmen
of America to compete successfully
against such importations. On these
matters and his declarations for the
encouragement of home manufactures
his remarks met with great approval.
Mr. Hayes was listened to attentively
and his hearers left him reluctantly.
From the Union Iron Works Mr. Hayes
and his party went to Lachman &
Jacbbi's, where he met the employes
and delivered a short address.
FIGHT IN THE FIFTH.
headquarters of the Commercial Trav
elers' League. Judge Parker's letter,
which is addressed to the committee
on arrangements, was as follows:
Gentlemen: Ulster County neighbors cannot
be excelled anywhere. Neighbors once, they are
neighbors always. Years may pass. A son of
rister may settle far from home. He may sel
dom sen one of the faces so familiar in the
old days. But Ulster County is always home
to him, and no new friends can take the place
of the old neighbors.
I want to say Just a word about the sig
nificance of your meeting. It is well that the
eons of Ulster County should bear a part in
the great struggle for government by the rule
of the constitution, v
The Federal constitution ls a chart that sets
forth the course the ship of state shall sail to
Insure a safe voyage. By it government is di
vided into three departments. Each depart
ment is to perform Ha proper and specified
functions.
This ls popular government in its most per
fect form. So long as each department per
forms the functions and only those conferred
upon it by the people through the constitution
k> long are we safe. Under Republican admin
istration this rule has been disregarded. One
of the branches of .the national Government
has on occasions gone beyond its authority and
usurped functions withheld from It by the
constitution.
Therefore, this is the issue: "Shall the ship
of etate sail by the people's chart or at ran
dom?"
I repeat. It ls well that the voice of the
people of Ulster County is heard on the side of
constitutionalism.
With warm ifreetlngs and best wishes for
each of you, I am very faithfully youra.
ALTON B. PARKER.
Congressman Bell's attempt to ap
propriate to himself the- credit for this
legislation is the rawest sample of po
litical work ever exhibited in Califor*
nia. Bell made speechea-in support of
the measure as early as February 25,
but the soeeches were of ho* force or
effect In: the House. The amendment
which prevailed was introduced in th^
Senate, passed by the Senate and went
to the House, where it was concurred
in on April 20 as'a Senate amendment;
BELL'S RAW WORK.
United Statw Senator George C. Per- j
kins was amazed yesterday when he j
was shown a stenographic report of ;
Congressman Bell's speech at Wood- ;
land last Saturday night, wherein the
latter took unto himself sole credit
lor the Congressional legislation which
authorized the building of a collier at
Mare Island navy yard.
In order to get the exact language
of Bell in his talk on the tariff ques
tion, the Republican State Central
Committee engaged a stenographer to I
take down his words. The reference
to the collier occurs in the Woodland
speech. After citing page 2472 of the
Congressional Record Bell said: '
I felt it would be the proudest move of
my life If I- could obtain lor the people of
Vallejo and the people of this entire State
whit we had bo*n striving to obtain for the
pact twenty years — a modern steel veesel to be
constructed there— and after having obtained
tfcii through my own effort* I protest against
anjr man or any paper attempting to steal the
tr*£lt from some other man.
The record now in possession of The I
Call will show who is attempting to |
steal credit from another man.
To Senator Perkins it was frankly
paid: "Senator, Congressman Bell
claims the credit for the legislation
•which gave the building of a collier to
the navy yard at Vallejo. You know
the real facts. If the credit belongs
to Congressman Bell, The Call will
give it to him. Let us have the truth.
THE INSIDE TRUTH. .
"The facts are these," replied Sena
tor Perkins: "I obtained the Senate
amendments to the House bill author
izing the construction of the two col
liers at the navy yards — one on the
Atlantic and one on the Pacific Coast.
I went to the members of the House
Committee on Naval Appropriations. I
atked Foss, Dayton and Meyer to put
thr provision in the bill, but the com
mittee and the House failed to do so.
When the bill came to the Senate it
was referred to the Committee on Na
val Affairs. I am the second mem
ber of that committee. With the" as
sistance of Senator Martin of -Virginia
I got the amendment in. Senator Hale
of Maine was not inclined to favor it.
He cited the battleship Texas as an ex
ample of navy yard construction.
However the Senate amended the bill
and authorized the construction of two
colliers at the navy yards — one on the
Atlantic and one on the Pacific. The
bill went to the House, and the House
refused to concur in the Senate
amendment. A conference commit
tee over the disagreement was the re
sult. The Senators appointed to the
conference were: Hale of Maine, Per
kins of California. Martin of Virginia,
The Representatives were: Foss of Il
linois, Dayton of West Virginia, Meyer
of Louisiana.
"Personally I urged the members to
support the Senate amendments and
the conference committee reported iu
favor of retaining it. I .went to Repre
sentative Gillett and others, and asked
them to stand in and adopt the report
of the conference. Gillett was ready to
make every effort to secure adoption,
but the report was adopted without op
position. Look . at the Congressional
Record to verify my statements."
RECORD CLEAR.
The Congressional Record, Wednes
day. April 20, 1904, ;. page 5425, clearly
Eustains the position of Senator Per
kins. The indelible record is that the
Senate amendment which Senator Per-
Ulns introduced prevailed. Here is an
extract from the Congressional Record
in which the action of the House in re
ceding from its disagreement Is clearly
reported: - •
Mr. Dayton— Mr. Speaker. I simply cat! et
teaUon to this fact because I have a desire
that tfcfko collier* cball be built, because they
ar« desired by the dfjmrimetit now.
The Speaker — It eetms to the chair the gen
tleman has got In hUepcecb. The question
I* on ftgrr»4ng to the motion of the gentleman
from LunUtUma (Mr. Meyer) that the Hoiu; do
recede from ft* disagreement to th« SENATE
AMENDMENT and concur therein.
The qucttion was taken and the Speaker an
nounce-d that the chair wa* In doubt.
Mr. Foes— Division. Mr. .Speaker.
Tbe House accordingly divided, and there
tvere — ayes US, noes 57.
£o the motion to concur was agreed to.
Mr. Fo»s — Mr. Speaker, I ask If there 'are
any odrr aai«Jdments? • . : . . ,
The Spraktr— This dicpcKs of all the
amendments.
At 10 o'clock this morning Judge
Sloss will decide the matter of the ap
plication of Louis Ferrari for a writ
of mandate compelling the Election
Commissioners to place his name on
the official ballot as candidate for jus
tice of the peace. He was nominated
fcy the Democratic convention: to fill
the office now held by Isidore Golden,
who was appointed by Governor Par
dee to fill the unexpired term of Percy
V. Long, j resigned. Ferrari argued
his own case yesterday and the Elec
tion Commissioners were represented
by Edmund Tauzsky. Mr. Tauzsky's
contention was that Golden was en
titled to the office until the next elec
tion for justice of the peace in 1906,
and he declared' that the charter pro
vision for a two-year term was not a
law — the office being a constitutional
one.
Ferrari's Case Submitted.
the Senate from the Seventeenth Dis
trict; Thomas F. Egan, J. N. Copas
and J. li. Cullen addressed the meet
ing. Mr. Livernash was enthusiastic
ally greeted and thanked the audi
ence for its demonstration of friend
ship. In part he said:
It cannot have escaped the attention of
thoughtful citizens that American manufac
turers who do business on a large scale are
b«-co«n!ne less and less heedful of the national
welfare. fnleps *ane check* are Interposed
by government I and by public opinion and
orjranlratlons aT>art from . gpvernment. our
children will inherit trom our generation con
d.tiuus of terrible cravity.
A few days ago a press dispatch from ntts
burg announced that the Carncgrie Steel Com
pany bad just Issued a circular letter to the
htads of Its various plants instructing them "to
employ no men over I!5 years of aje In cer
tain departments, and extending the age limit
to 40 in others," the latter affecting the skilled
artisans.
Now. the " action thus taken by the great
Carnegie Company is not peculiar to that con
cern. Similar action ha* been taken by scores
of other manufacturing: companies In this coun
try, and It is well known in the Industrial
world that the tendency In all large plants
Is toward elimination of workmen over 40 years
of are.
Will electors calmly reflect on this? Can
they be pleased by such a tendency? Is it
a symptom of a condition favorable to our na
tional lite? .
I have inquired with dilljente concerning:
tills tendency and I find that our great manu
facturing- plants regard men as they regard
machines — to be run to the breaking point as
long as they' can stand it. and then to be
sent to the scrap heap. High pressure is the
rule. Physical collapse of the workers under
that pressure is courted on by the employers.
It is figured on precisely the same basis as
the collapse of a boiler or a breakdown of a
cog-wheel in consequence of the limitations
of matter.
IVhat Is to be done with the men of middle
age end the old men forced out of' employ
ment at the trades they have mastered? There
ls a problem calling for the best thought of
earnest Americans regardless of party, regard,
l^erof class.
• One of the features of the case was
the non-appearance of Mrs. Coit at the
trial. She testified at the nrellmtnary
hearing before Police Judge Fritz, but
almost immediately thereafter left the
city and went to Paris, France.
Alexander B. Garnett, convicted of
murder in the second degree by a jury
in Judge Lawlor"s court for shooting
and killing Major J. W. McClung in the
apartments of Mrs. Elizabeth W. Coit
in the Palace Hotel on November 25.
was sentenced yesterday to serve fif
teen years in San Quentin. He took
his sentence calmly,
j When the caae was called the Judge
denied the motion for a new trial and
also a motion for arrest of Judgment
made 'by Attorney George D. Collins.
The Judge in passing sentence referred
to the recommendation for mercy made
by the jury, but aaid that the defend
ant's invasion of Mrs. Coit'a apart
ments was an outrage upon her rights
and such acta must be denounced by
the courts. After reviewing the cir
cumstances of the case, the Judge said
he would deal with It asi if the defend
ant did not go to Mrs. Coifs apart
ments with a full-fledged purpose of
committing a felony. After sentence
waa pronounced, Attorney Collins filed
a notice of appeal to the Supreme
Court.
When Attorney Collins went to the
Judge and asked for a certificate of
probable cause the Judge said: "Why
don't you let Garnett go to San Quen
tin and after a year maybe something
can be done for him." Collins replied:
"Mr. Garnett is a Southern gentleman
and does not want to see the inside of a
penitentiary till he ls sent there by the
Supreme Court."
It was decided to aak the Civil Ser
vice Commission for a mechanic to care
for the voting machines and not to
press the application to the Supervisors
for allowance .of an all-round me
chanic, for which there Is no provision
in the Civil Service Department If the
mechanic does k not prove satisfactory
a request will then be made that the
Commissioners be permitted to make
their own selection. A suggestion from
Voorsanger that the Civil Service
Board be asked to hold an examina
tion for a machine t caretaker was not
taken up.
Twenty-third Senatorial District.
Daniel H. Skillin; Twenty-eighth As
sembly District, Charles Franklin;
Twenty - ninth Assembly District.
George Washington Lewis; Thirtieth
Assembly District, Thomas R. Mann;
Thirty-third Assembly Diatrct, Wil
liam Sherrett; Forty-second Assembly
District. George William Lewis; For
ty-fourth Assembly District, Lewis
Kirschbaum.
. At their meeting last night the Elec
tion Commissioners instructed Regis
trar Adams to investigate the signa
tures on the petitions to ascertain if
they are bona fide. He was authorized
to act, without further authority from
the board, on the results of the exam
ination by- his office force.
Kelly was hustling last night with
petitions, and if he can secure the re
quired 3 per cent of voters in other dis
tricts by this evening he will have in
dependent candidates in those precincts
as well to place on the ballot. To-day
Is the last day for the petitions.
, The board also'recelved the petitions
of Edwin T. McMurray, Independent
Republican candidate for Assembly
man in the Thirty-ninth District, of A.
Fromberg in the Thirty-eighth and
Clarence E. Ayer in the Thirty-fourth.
Their names will be placed on the bal
lot.
Owing to ill health Samuel G. Mur
phy, president of the First National
Bank, was excused from service as
election officer. The following were ex
cused because of absence from the
city: Sig. Greenebaum, M. Branden
steln, Jasper McDonald, E. M. Green
way and Frank J. Devlin.
The contract for delivering the elec
tion supplies was awarded to H. B.
Terry, hls> bid being $232. , , : ; -
Martin Kelly appeared at the Regis
trar's office yesterday and filed peti
tions purporting to have been signed
by members of the "Taxpayers' par
ty," asking that five nominees for the
Assembly and one for State Senator
be placed on the official ballot at the
next election. The nominees are as
follows:
Senator Shortridge showed that Con
gressman Bell's claim for credit for ob
taining appropriations for Napa Creek
and the Sacramento River were foun
dationless. The appropriations, said
Shortridge, were the results of Colonel
Heuer's recommendation.
Senator BelshawJn the Senate, and
stated that no man in the Legislature
of California had done more than he to
prevent ] the waste of the public's
money by. foolish and extravagant leg
islation.
"I often wonder what the people of
this country would do if they did not
have somebody to elect all the time.
We go from, one election to another
like cats from one fit to another. Now
we must elect a man to fill the'Pres
idency. It's a question between Judge
Parker and a man we have known for
years, Roosevelt., We had tariff for
revenue and . free trade under Cleve
land and it nearly bankrupted us. Now
our" Republican prosperity helps the
Democrats and ourselves alike. I don't
like that arrangement' and have been
trying for years to think up a remedy.
They say that tariff for revenue robs
no one, but from '93 to '97 it robbed
everybody and yet our Democratic
friends say it is a good. thing. You
will remember that from '93 to '97 were
long, hard years. Perhaps they were
not any longer, but, by George, -they
seemed longer; . ho when the people
had enough of. it. they, elected : that
great and good man, McKinley,' and
got . protection. In two years . we were
prosperousragain.,^ _-, .»-;•. ..,.,.,,_ : v ' .
g "Times never- were, better. -than now.
There were never' so. !mahy, full ( dinner
pails and so many full, savings ac
counts. Now, if I could, have my way
I would decide a man's. prosperity by
the ticket he votes. It would .be his
own fault then if he voted for Demo
cratic hard times and his reward if
he voted - for Republican prosperity.
There have been many loyal Democrats
who have fought for their, country, but
they - have that one forgivable sin
of being Democrats- One of them said
to me: 'I'm a Democrat and have to
vote. for Parker, but I hope Roosevelt
will get it.' '
¦ "They say Roosevelt is an unsafe man.
He is for grafters. They don't like
him because he shot a Spaniard in the
back, but where else could he shoot
him? They say. he is impetuous, but
we know of the quiet things he has ac
complished." • .¦ , :
. Senator Ward of San Diego. was the
las.t speaker. ._. He", prophesied a great
victory. for the Roosevelt ticket.
Chairman C, M. Simpson ' introduced
Congressman McLachlan, who j was
made chairman of the meeting.' Mc-
Lachlan paid a glowing tribute to the
Iate;U. S. Bangham and W. S. Melick
and then gave way to Governor Par
dee, who received an ovation when he
took the platform.
"I stand here with mingled pride and
tears,", said the Governor. "Pride that
you are fellow citizens of "W. S. Me
lick, my late esteemed and loved fellow
public officer. There never was a man
who nestled so closely to my heart, who
served so well the people who confided
in him.
PASADENA, Oct. 18.— Governor Par
dee, Congressman James McLachlan
and Senator Ward of San Diego ad
dressed the biggest Republican rally
of the campaign here to-night. The
meeting' was preceded by a street
parade in which the police, the
Crown City Band, " the American
Club, the Colonial Club, "the Col
ored* Republican Club, the speakers
and prominent Republicans took part.
The parade lasted a half hour and dur
ing its progress the Shotgun Club flred
volley after volley and red fire galore
was burned. . The streets were throng
ed with people. .' .
E. A. Hayes Addresses Audience of Arti
sans — Congressman Livernash
Speaks at Pioneer Hall.
Special DlFpatch to Th« CHU
Election Commission Directs
Him to Ascertain if Sig
natures Are Bona Fide
Exception Taken by His At
torney and Notice of an
Appeal Promptly Filed
EEGISTRAE TO DECIDE
VISITS IRON WORKS
BEAES HI3TSELF, CALMLY
Executive of the State Arouses the Republic
: I ans of Pasadena and fins Cheers ¦ |
for the Leaders of Party.
Many Petitions Filed for
Place by Candidates Who
,Seek Legislative Honors
Major J. W. McClung ? s Slayer
to Wear Prison Garb for
the Next Fifteen Years
"Let me tell you my position
upon the tariff question: I am
not deviating one hair's breadth
in this campaign from . the
Democratic party or the Demo-r
cratlc policy.* * * * The
Democratic* party would make
a" *anc* and conservative and
business-like reduction and re
vision of the tariff."
THE persistent hammering
of the Republican press
1ms forced Theodore 'A.
Bell. the - Democratic
candidate, for Congress in the
Second District, to declare his
position on the tariff question.
Let Uie fanners, orchardists,
wine men and stock men of
the great Second District who
have prospered under . protec
tion read what the Democratic
nominee said in his speech at
Woodland last Saturday night.
Here It Ls:
Efforts of Democratic Candidate for
Congress to Delude the Voters
Result in Exposure.
VOTERS OF SOUTH
LISTEN TO PARDEE
INDEPENDENTS
CROWD BALLOT
GARNET HEARS
HIS SENTENCE
BELL DECLARES
FOR REDUCTION
OF THE TARIFF
CREDIT FOR NEW COLLIER
FAIRLY BELONGS TO UNITED STATES SENATOR PERKINS
AND BELL IS FOUND SAILING UNDER FALSE COLORS
THE : SAN yFRANOSCOft CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER; 19, 1904.
' DEUT8CHER -CLUB 'WILL ¦ GIVE ¦. BALI*—
The, fourth anniversary ball *ot the. Deutscher
Club, will : toke place at Ooldeh - Gate Hall 'on
Saturday niebt. % : October 22.^ •-•.-¦--•- ¦:-¦¦¦ -"•;,--
4
1 " ON THE F»ACf F8C COAST.
With Four Credit. Sales in Full Swing
If you want anything that a Furniture House has tot offer, Now and Here are the time and
the place to buy. You will not have offers made like these again for many a day. We arc crowded
to the doors for.room, and we're cutting the prices to make it. .
A score of specia.s gf| I OM l^IISff KS&r < 2S??.S; "™M
on Parlor Tables to op Hlf lP& r 111 I f-l mm WK wr In & tab|e and magazine
clear the line : : : M WB%EI1 j %0 Jl%Jta stand : Jj^ : : : : :
$5.50 CURVED ¦ -I ¦ $13.50 TRIPLE $23.50 HIGH |
* euAT-T-eoi-AD TOP, round cor- $5.50 Solid Oak CURVED top and GRADE Parlor Ta- t§
5i.asSHAKh.bi'U.AK- n e rc( j Table, in b e v e 1 e d grain, beveled edge, Louis ble, made from se- 0
EAN TABLE — For O ak; 24 in: across. ' round Parlor Ta- XIV' design. Parlor lected, wavy, quar- |j
bedroom, hall or par- Ball glass and ble, with French Table; golden oak; ter-sawed oak of |]
Ynr center '"'?a- oh eagle claw feet, curved legs, and mirror t finish. Spe- beautiful grain. \\
b le /spec i^. : :8Oc|s^.a. $2.85;| 'B.15 y.;;; $7.85 1 1 $1350 I
All Other Specials Quoted Sunday Are Still On Sale for the Week I
CARPETS, j DRAPERIES.
Tapesni; Brussels $3.50 Arabian; Curtains
to choose from. This week,, the. yard, not gjg long.- Plain centers, with corded designs $1 R5
laid ...:.....'"'•""'•"•"""• on sides and ends. Sale price, per pair... 1rr*yV
lariifl-fi RfltCCpk Regular $1.10 values. An . - " .,' . ; '
Lcnigll WI U33CI3 assortment not equal- «-- ±, - A „. ; nt t ; , - .
; : e4^esto^^ $6.50 Wool Blankets SrS^^^s j gj f *»g
Vei VetS^ d Bigelow Axminsters. $2 size." SalcVriceTfper p^tr ff. .I?"." $^ (U
V**'* 1 - 1 :" 1 . 1 ' ¦ '¦ *f the yard values. -The • Vr»| ir\ . ......'.........'...';... •..•."..¦. ' " * tpOiy u
highest of high-grade carpets. -The" •¦•yard, \\' A\\ • • "**** H
laid ..:;........;.... ..................v.:v. y*^ v • n * - * -^- N
j'Miffin^!".^ Upholstery Remnants l^cianfLt inches - B
iUdlllllgS for the average room. .This d»<*t AT 'o£-» f«V *.»£;« »-*««* v- tspcclally 4 u^' ; CTA-' 1
jJm1r--fiw the 20-vard roll not-laid - \7 U-V *? le foT ,* na . g " S5ofa cushion • covers. EachsSllr ii
-:T/: ' wP-^^VJ^^^J-M 11^ Special ;salc"pric€;;..:^"^ |
MTM^* >J * <J flMftM^^ r^in^ _^L-tmmmmm 1
- • ¦¦¦¦..¦¦¦''• ¦-¦¦¦ ¦- '¦ ¦Redmond, Smith and Edward
O'Brien held up Albert Ringe in his
father's grocery at 2802 Mission street
on the night of March 11, and took ' r
from him. A Jury was Impaneled on
September 29 to try* O'Brien, and at
the suggestion of the Judge the case
was - continued till to-morrow, as
O'Brien , could~ be used as a witness
against the other two defendants. Red
mond Is an ex-convict and Smith bears
a bad reputation: It whs- claimed that
C'Brien was ¦ made ! a ' dupe .of by the
other two. , ¦ ':; . ;\ •¦
George Redmond pleaded guilty In
Judge Cook's court yesterday to a
charge' of robbery and was ordered to
appear for sentence on Friday. Al
fred Smith charged with the same of
fense failed to appear and the Judge
declared his bond of $3000 forfeited
and issued a bench warrant for hia
arrest, fixing his bonds at J 10.000.' Th©
sureties on the forfeited bond are Mrs.
Mary A. Smith. 1777 Mission .street,
and Mrs.' Sarah G. Burnett, 1117 Leav
enworth street. • ' -¦' ' ."
Bond of Alfred Smith Declared For
feited and Bench Warrant Is
Issued for His Arrest.
KEDMOXD ..PLEADS GUILTY
TO CHARGE OP ROBBERY
Amy F., Temple.. W. M... Golden. Gate Chap
ter, chairman; Mary L. Reddick, W. M.. Ivy:
Franklin A. Oehm; W.' P.. Golden Gate; Mary
E. Donoho, Albert Davidson. Benlah; Virglni*
L.. Lewis, Frank ,H. Kerrigan, Marmonr:
Louise B. Deal. Harry Maundrell. ¦ Mission;
Thereup Fredericks, Roy Block. Olive Branch;
Jane Dawson, Arthur J. Sparrow. King Solo
mon; Isabella Woodalde. Charles Boxton. Cali
fornia; Bertha E. Mackrett. John J. Neubarth,
Dora A. .Wright. Isaac B. Shantz, Starr King;
Edna R. Field. John E.. Gardner. Aloha; Mary
A. Holts. Mark E. Galnes, Carl ta. Alameda:
Eva M. Stone, Roy J. Toung, Berkeley; Mary
E. Seymour, Thomas T. Graves, Mill Valley.
./After 'the..prograrnrn'e came the ball,
which was under, the floor management
of James Edward Gordon, Frank H.
Kerrigan, Charles . Boxton, Mark E.
Galnes and Franklin A. Oehm.
Overture, orchestra: vocal solo. Mrs. Blalsdell
of. King .Solomon: -vocal' solo. Mrs.- Drake of
Golden Gate; mandolin aolo. Professr S. Adel
steln of Harmony; vocal sofo. Mrs. M. E. Waste
of Berkeley: monologue. -Miss O*Keefe-of Kin*
Solomon; vocal solo.Mrq. Burrell.of Harmony;
recitation, Miss Eliza Stanford; vocal solo.
Madam' del Mara of San Francisco; piano solo.
Miss C. Voorsanger of OIlve'Branch; tenor solo,
Frank Onslow of Mission; Chinese ballad Mr.
8teiger of California.
; The following' composed the reception
committee:
James E. Gordon, r Annie E. Spencer,
Frank H. Kerrigan* Dr. Louise B. Deal,
Isabella ; Woodslde» Abble E. Krebs,
Mary A. Holtz and Alice J^ Marliave.
The following was the programme:
damaged.
:REHOBOTH;BEACH,- Del:? Oct. 18;
Fire i here ; to-day j re'sul ted * in; a* loss ot
hearlyj $20,OOO.V*.Three ,i cottages £were
burned land a r Bco're of f others, B6riously
Cottages at ; Resort Burned.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 1 8.— The Gov
ernor's office to-day "honored a war
rant for . the requisition of W.
Bales, who. Is .now, in Un San
Franciscte and . who,'is jwaiited ifi^Okla
ho'ma on a charge \ of obtaining^ money,
under .". false pretenses. ~ It is 'alleged
that"; Bales f secured ; * 1 128^ on '•' a ':: bogus
draf € : Sl ' ' Jl • ': "V I ¦ •"'¦:- ''¦'* ' ' *>.'".*; : : '< i~ :
Requisition for Bales.
Man-Eating * Shark.
Jaw on free exhibition at Lord's Curio
Store,- 772 and- 774 Market street. - •
PORTLAND, Ore.. Oct ; 18.—Arti
cles of .incorporation of the newly con
structed street-car • lines \ of ;; Portland,
to be known as ; the Portland Consoli
dated Railway. Company, was \ filed, to
day. The" company has a'capital stock
of $5,000,000.- It operates 112 ; miles
of electric railway. The scope, 'of the
company will be greatly increased. .
Capital of Company Is $5,000,000.
\\ The! Board of Public Work's 'yester
day, began; an 'inquiry 'into ; the ; claim
for ..% i 1 2 6 \ of Joseph Baruh' for damages
done ': to' his ' hack' " by ' reason ; * of " Its
recently falling into , a trench on Mc
\A.illster : street, near Steiner. Ai num
ber, of witnesses, ' including several po
lice : officers, ' were examined as to the
condition of the street at ' the : time of
the ! accidents.' Their •:- testimony ; -all
tended '¦. to prove that * there were ? no
danger "lights at' the trench which,
hq\yever," •-was; covered;' with 1 boards.
The " board ' took the matter * under ? ad
visement. ' - " : ¦'¦-¦' .:
Hack Driver Seeks Damages.
NAPA, Oct. 18.— The teachers of
Napa County assembled this morning
at . Callstoga. The instructors for the
gathering are Professor A. F.. Lange
and Dr. T. C. Moore of the University
of California : and President j. David
Starr Jordan and -Professor C. A. Du
nirroy of Stanford University. •;
To-day Professor Dunirroy spoke on
"Topics in United States History" and
on "The Alabama, Claims." A-discus
sion by the teachers of the institute
followed each address.
President Jordan addressed a large
audience on a subject at the
Auditorium to-night. . -.'} 'V
County . Superintendent Kate "_ Ames
presided; over the sessions of the in
stitute, with F. E.; Tuck. -Miss" Parker
and V. Metzler as vice, presidents.' The
sessions (will continue . through ' Wed
nesday arid: Thursday. • . '
Educators Hold Institute and Listen to
Addresses by Prominent Peda- ' '
gogucs of the State. -~"
NAPA COUNTY TEACHERS
~ ASSKMBLE AT CAJQISTOGA
' Last night the "officers . of the Grand
Chapter'.and. delegates were" tendered a
reception ' arid ball '-; byj.thV- local; chap
ters; andrthbse| of
and v; Mill • Valley in f the"; ' marble .and
maple^ rooms* of the Palace.^ More 'than
fivef hundred-, persons present " and
it was a select: iaudlence "that for Tmore
than : an' : hour listened > to -; the r prb
gramrrie^that had been ; rJrepared by the
executive" • cbrhmltteV. - 1, coinbosed I;: of
The Grand Chapter of the Order of
the Eastern Star met In annual ses
sion in Stelnway Hall yesterday after
noon, with all the grand officers pres
ent. There was a larger attendance
than at any previous session of r that
body and a greater number of dele
gates. , ,.
After the opening there were' pre
sented and read the reports of Grand
Matron Mrs. Routzan, Grand Patron
McNoble and- Grand 'Secretary Mrs.
Winats.' • The reports ¦ show that the
order in this State now numbers more
than .21,000, distributed in 187 "chapters,
and that during the lasttwelve months
seven new chapters "were instituted and
more than 2000 members were ' added to
the order. ,
¦To-day"; the general business .which
occupies^ the time. of the delegates will
be brought up and. to-morrow the elec
tion for grand officers will be. held.
On the eve r of the meeting: of the
grand body, ; Past Grand Matron ' MrsV
A. i E. ICrebsi president of : the Assoda r
tion of . "Past: Grand Matrons,'' gave a
dinner! in', the conservatory "jof the Pal
ace, Hotel in honor of v Grand
Mrs. Routzan and [ Grand, -Patron Mc-
Noble, and to 4 thls were invited all past
grand ¦matrons and- patrons. : Of £ the
past "officers- there were present Past
Grand i Matrons- Pierce, Partridge,
Owens,' Flint, Briggs, ; Hapgood, Gll
lespie, : Giberson, Hall, Peasley ,' ' Mann
and i Bowes and !; Past'; Grand .* Patrons
W. S. Moses, . Fuller, , Buton^v : Lemon,'
West, Conant,' Darling, Byce, 1 Gray and
Rowe. '7~r~ .'V*: ; '.' ¦¦ ' .; '-¦' •¦
An excellent repast was partaken, of
and t each* person ] present » was given a
beautiful souvenir'. menu; on ,the ; cover
of > which- was /painted , the ; emblematic*
star of the order and the^initlals there
of, and oh the ; back "of . the coyer . was
painted a " aentlrnent appropriate -to^the
occasion.' .- The company," spent Ta
ant .evening. ... . ' . ; " .
Twelve Months Show. Great
Oains for^raternal Order
Full' of Active Workers
SPOKANE, Wash., Oct. 18.—Her
bert C. Switzer, cashier of the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation freight of
fice, is under arrest, charged with em
bezzling about $4500 of the company's
funds. An investigation of Switzer's
accounts has been in progress several
days. He 'is said to have cashed
checks for freight bills and destroyed
the bills. Switzer has been an em
ploye of the company fifteen years.
EASTERN STAR
ADDS NUMBERS
CASHIER CHARGED WITH
TAKING CORPORATION FUNDS
A demurrer to the petition. of Peter
Rubino | for. -a writ of mandamus to
compel the Mayor to forthwith ap
point a successor to Police Commis
sioner H. W. Hutton, "special chief of
police for 1129 Dupont street," on the
ground that, the' office had become'Va
cant owing to Hutton being conviced
and fined by "Judge Cook for contempt
of court" for violating the : Injunction
restraining the police from interfering
with " the restaurant business of Jean
Pen, was filed yesterday "by ; John S.
Partridge of the City and County At
torney's office on behalf of the Mayor.
An amended petition was also filed by
Attorney George p. Collins on behalf
of Rubino. ¦¦"
In the demurrer it is alleged that
the plaintiff has no* legal capacity to
sue; that the petition does not state
facts sufficient to constitute a cause of
action against .the defendant; that the'
court has no Jurisdiction and that the
complaint;, was ambiguous 'as it does
hot _ appear how. or -In what manner
Hutton;was convicted' of an offense in
yblvihg a violation of his official duties
as Police Commissioner. ¦"•} \-
It: was agreed that the arguments
should be' heard to-morrow I morning
at 9 o'clock,' Partridge making a mo
tion "that the amended petition be
struck - out ' and if denied " that the : de
murrer would apply to It also. : : i
Demurrer Filed to the \ Petition tor
Writ of Mandamus to Compel
Mayor to Act. ¦ J_ \ '.
HTJTTOX CONTINUES FIGHT
AGAINST HIS REMOVAL
He evidently* obtained the -knife
from the kitchen and secreted, it on
his person. The gash completely sev
ered the jugular vein. Stanley's pa
rents, who reside in Tennessee, have
been notified.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 18.— While
temporarily insane, W. Stanley, an in
mate of San Quentln, committed sui
cide this afternoon by cutting -his
throat. Stanley was serving a term
of two years from Stanislaus County
for an assault to commit murder. He
was subject to" temporary 'fits of in
sanity and • was always locked • in the
incorrigible cells until the fit should
pass off. Th.is: morning he felt one
coming on and requested Captain Har
rison to /lock? him-]up."; f.The cell was
visited by a ""guards shortly afterward
and Stanley was found' dead, with his
throat cut.
Cell and Wlillc There Cuts
His Throat. ;:^B:
Asks to Be Confined in Incorrigible
IXSAXE CONVICT TAKES
HIS LrlFE AT SAN QUEXTIN
The* charge" was made by Frank
Ferroni, who claims that last night
as he was returning home he was sud
denly attacked from behind by the
three men. two of whom were armed
with revolvers and the other with a
club". They tried to kill him, he says,
but he saved himself by flight.. .
HEALDSBURG, Oct. 18.— Carlo
Matron! and Louis and Tony Bacha of
this city were arrested this morning
by Constable Edward Haich on a
charge of assault with a deadly
weapon.
-Swears Out Wnrrant for Arrest of
Tlireo Italians Who Assaulted
¦¦Him With Deadly Weapons.
HIS LIFE IX DANGER
SAYS I HEALDSBURG »IAN
Lalini, the murderer, who was ar
rested last night at San Rafael, was
brought to this city Tuesday morning
by Sheriff Frank P. Grace. vThe weap
on with which the crime was commit
ted was found on his person. He ex
.presses no contrition for his murder
ous act, and when informed that one
of his victims had died merely shrug
ged his shoulders.
District Attorney C. H. Pond, who
took Rlcci's ante-mortem statement
Monday evening, is 1 convinced that
there is a woman at the bottom of the
case. Rlcci mentioned that Guidotti
had taken a woman from Parachi's
hotel at Glen Ellen to Sonoma Sun
day, and this is believed to have
aroused the jealousy of Lalini. Rlcci
says he was informed that Lalini had
threatened he would kill Guidotti be
fore night, and states that he was on
the lookout for the execution of the
threat. When Lalini undertook to
draw his gun Ricci sprang toward
him, and this caused him to fire two
shots at Rlcci after wounding Guidotti.
An inquest was held by > Coroner
Frank L. Blackburn this afternoon,
and Lalini was charged with "murder
by the jury. '
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 18.— John Gui
dottl, one of the two men shot at Glen
Ellen Sunday, died last night. He was
unconscious to the end. The second
victim, L. Ricci, it is expected, will re
cover.
Woman Believed to Be Cause of Row.
One of the Wounded - .
3Ien Dies.
SHOOTING AT GLEX ELLEX
DUE TO MAX'S JEAIX>USY
j SANTA CRUZ", Oct. IS.— It became
j known here to-day that a movement is
i on foot to consolidate all the lighting
and power plants of Santa Cruz and
Watsonvllle. with the ultimate purpose
of merging ' them into a company,
which will include the lighting and
power companies and certain street
railways of San Jose. The first move
toward the accomplishment of this un
dertaking was made several weeks ago
when the electric street railways of
Santa Cruz were consolidated. The
same persons who were involved in this
scheme are reported to be the main
factors in the greater one now being
quietly carried out.
In the background is Manager Gran
ger of the newly organized street rail
way service and acting as his agent in
negotiations with the outside power
and lighting companies is J. W.
Forgues of Santa Cruz. The stockhold
ers of the different corporations have
already given an option on their stock
and it is reported that the deal will be
consummated through the medium of
a San Francisco trust company and a
law firm of that city within the next
thirty days. In the deal there are in
cluded the gas companies of Santa
Cruz, .as well as three electric lighting
companies.
From what can be learned from those
who are concerned in the deal it is the
intention of the absorbing company to
establish electric railway connection
between San Jose and Santa Cruz and
way points and eventually extend the
present lines from Santa Cruz to Mon
terey.' With thes connections effected
and with the extension of the San Ma
teo electric line to San Jose, which is
said to be under consideration by the
United Railroads of San Francisco, a
through electric line will soon be oper
ating between the San Francisco and
Monterey bays.
The promoters of the gigantic scheme
have held frequent meetings lately in
j Santa Cruz and San Francisco and are
eald to have already agreed on many
points relative to the expansion of the
traffic territory of the various lines
which are to be merged.
"Within two days the cattlemen gath
ered and after running the herders out
of the country destroyed the sheep
wagons and camps and slaughtered the
sheep. The herders were not injured.
The sheepmen know the leaders of the
raids and they will be prosecuted. The
raid was the culmination of a contro
versy between the sheep, and cattle in
terests of Ions standing. ..
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Oct. 18!— Sheep
and cattle men clashed on prays River,
near the Wind River forest reserve, a
few days ago, and nearly a thousand
sheep were driven over a cliff by the
cattle men and 'killed. The sheep had
trespassed on the forest reserve and
were driven off by the rangers only to
return again later. This time the
rangers drove the sheep into a cattle
country. ;''.', ;¦']. ,.,'¦ /
Special Dispatch to The Call.
While the Supreme Court is In • Los
Angeles, the matter of its taking aetipn
to disbar Bernard Daniel O'Connell, an
attorney lately admitted to practice
in this State, is held in abeyance.
¦ It was a " Question yesterday as v to
whether Mr. O'Connell was the same
men as the Bernard Daniel O'Connell,
who was convicted in 1897 r of "incit
ing-, aiding and abetting an attempt at
bribery" in the State of Massachusetts
for which he was fined $500 and im
prisoned for six months. All doubts
whether "Daniel" O'Connell of this city
is identical with the Bernard D. O'Con
nell were removed yesterday, when a
personal friend, M. A. O'Connor, > a
timber land speculator, of 602 Com
mercial street, came forward and ap
peared very indignant ¦ at what he
ttrmed the persecution of ; his friend.
He • referred to \ Mr. O'Connell as a
briliiant man and a fine attorney and
ea'i'd .that he was the victim of political
animosity in the East. 4
. O'Connor said that O'Connell had
been ''railroaded to prison" by men
who were his political enemies, and
that one of the Justices of the Su
preme Court of Massachusetts was the
bitterest enemy O'Connell had. He
also said that the attack on O'Connell
was "mean and cowardly" inasmuch
as the letter to the clerk of the Su
preme Court here was unsigned.
Owing to the persecutions of his ene
mies in the East Mr. O'Connell came
out here, changed his name and en
deavored to start again. . -,--:.•
Mr. O'Connel^ graduated . f rom
Georgetown University and was first
admitted to practice in- the District of
Columbia. Later he removed to Mas
sachusetts, whiere he was admitted to
practice. Following his conviction he
was disbarred from practice by the
State of Massachusetts. Upon the com
pletion of his sentence last May he
came to. California. He brought with
him letters of introduction from
prominent people,' among them Con
gressman Sulzer of New York and Cor
poration Counsel J. J. Delaney and
recommendations from an influential
benevolent order.
O'Connell intends to remain here
permanently and is making arrange
ments in the East to bring out his
family.
Stephen Costello, -on whose motion
O'Connell was admitted to- practice in
California, said < yesterday that he
could take no action- until the Su
preme Court returned; 5 at which * time
he would" aak; f that O'Connell's admis
sion be~ canceled. " Should 'O'Connell
arrive here before the court returns It
is probable that he will hand in his
resignation arid return his license. The
fact that O'Connell did hot state that
he had been -disbarred • by the Massa
chusetts Supreme Court would in it
self constitute sufficient reason for his
disbarment here. - # • <
Special Dlppatch to The Call
3Ien Who Promoted Recent
Consolidation of Street
Roads Behind New .Schema
Owing to ; Supreme Court's
Absence the Attorney's
Disbarment Is in Abeyance
Raiders Destroy Wagons and
Camps and Will Be Prose
cuted for Their Acts
ALLEGES PERSECUTION
HERDS HAD TRESPASSED
INCLUDED
RAILWAYS
Electric and Gas Com
panies in Santa Cruz and
San Jose to Be Merged
Thousand Head Driven Over
a Cliff to Death as Re
sult of Feud, in Wyoming
Acquaintance of Bernard
D/O'Conneir Admits That
/Lawyer .Served a Sentence
SHEEP KILLED
BY CATTLEMEN
POWER PLANTS
WILL COMBINE
FRIEND BLAMES
EASTERN JUDGE
THE: SAN;; FRANCISCO " ; jG ALi; WEDNESDAY; : O^ : 190*/
WAITERS' BALL. — The annual -¦- ball aa4
banquet of the < Pacific Coast Waiter*' Asso
ciation will be held on October 27 at Nativ*
Sons' Hall. - . ¦
POSTPONES CONSIDERATION OF
CURVE. — Consideration of the application of
the United Railroads to reset the curve track
at Post, and Kearny streets was postponed by
the Board of Works until to-morrow at .3
o'clock at the request of Tlrey L. Ford, attor
ney for tte corporation. '¦• ••
5
FREE -— FREE —--FREE
; — '-••• f -' WITH i^-:^— —
_ - SUNDAY CALL
WANT ADS:
Your Choice of Two" ( Premiiims, :
;•;:¦• -¦Either : a..- 4; :V':- '.. - •
—LIGHTNING BREAD and—
¦ •:•"-: y ;CAKEJKNIF3' - -
'-•" :.-¦¦¦'"• -':n. 'br.;a'' /: ''" >: -'•-¦• ,. :
SET- ;•
(Six Nut Picks 'anc a Crack.)
See SmaH 'Ad.'^ Page -: for i Fur-
M :;- ; y -\- ;
ADATiRTlSEaiEXTS.
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant, Simple, but Safe and
Effectual Cure for It.
Catarrh of the stomach has long been
considered the next thing to incurable.
The usual symptoms are a full or bloat-
ing sensation after eating, accompanied
sometimes with sour or watery risings,
a formation of Rases, causing pressure
on the Jieari and lungs and ¦ difficult
breathing, -headaches, fickle appetite,
nervousness and a' general played out,
languid feeling. '
' There-is often; a foul taate in the
mouth, coated tongue and if the interior
of the stomach could be seen it would
show a slimy. Inflamed condition.
The cure for Jhis common and ob-
Etlnate, trouble is found in a treatment
which causes the food to be readily,
thoroughly digested before it has time
to ferment and Irritate' the delicate
raucous surfaces of the stomach. To
secure a prompt and healthy, digestion
is the: oncnecessary thing to do and
when normal, digestion is secured the
catarrhal condition will have disap-
peared.
According to Dr. Harlanson the saf-
est and best treatment is to use after
each meal a tablet composed of Dias-
tase, Aseptic Pepsin, a little Nux, Gold-
en Seal and fruit acids. These table'ts
can now bo found at all . drug stores
under the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets/ and not being a patent medi-
cine can be used , with perfect safety
and assurance that healthy appetite
and thorough digestion, will follow their
regular use after, meals.
- Mr./ R. , S. Workman, Chicago, 111.,
writes: "Catarrh is a local condition
resulting from a. neglected cold in. the
head, -whereby' ¦ the lining membrane
of the nose becomes - inflamed and i the
poisonous ! discharge * therefrom passing
backward Into the throat reaches -the
stomach," this I producing catarrh of the
stomach. Medical authorities prescrib-
ed tor. me for three r years , f or - catarrh
of stomach without cure,; but to-day
I nm the ' happiest ; of men after using
only /one', box \ of Stuart's^ Dyspepsia'
Tablets. f -X I* ca nnot ? ,' find £r appropriate
i^ords ;tbi express • my,, good , feeling. * ; I
have" found \ flesh/,- appetite^; and * sound
rest from ; their;use.V.- U '"' ~> -': ' :¦-}; .
if Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets , Is ithe , saf-
est' preparation" as 'well ' as I the . simplest"
and .> moist *• convenient * remedy for,; any
form !of » indigestion; of ; stqm;"
ach, r .^blllousne£s,».8our^6tomach7;' heart-,
burn, and* bl6atJ nH '*^f' ( »'". rri ? a -'**- r
; 'THE EMPORIUM.^, i • } jV f :^ EMydltrUM; _ -f \ ''-,. "¦. Tl IE EMPORIUM. ~
We Offer . a Liberal : -^ '¦'? *yy?* \~/pt*-J- ; *i-"*£'£ .+ ' ; Charge Acconnts Opened. '¦ $
Money-Back Gaaran tee. '. '¦¦&ZA : ysK**j /L^JL'm.m ~*^ — • •¦ • - — ; — j
HanakeroMef *M£*m00UUffl^ Shelf Oil \
f « r cautornia-s R^' m^£ jam m** w "" Cloth, Sc Td. \
Sate, llC : ¦ ?^-^.^^^¦^^^IIerica-s grandest sTORfiT, Four. 'unusually, attrac- J
Women's hemmtched em. : tjv& patterns, in blue, *«
broidered fine Lawn BushftGll PlstiflO PhoiOS Fi*eG •_ ' j i^ "5
- Han^ir^r^^r. ?" M***9iBMiisMM. , *-#«»« *"V " * v * t ,/, ¦ . ¥- green, brown and gold -J
.,„. many r Wic h any suitor coat, for boy or. girl, bought in our f a Der : or aua i itv
different patterns, mdud. nfiW J uvcn i le DeptJ, 2dflopr. we will give yon ab,o- «' '^ Superior quality |
.ng Fleur-de-Lis, Bow. lme i/ free of cost ordcr on Bushnoll for a fine she " Ol1 c]oth ' mdra P' j.
Knot and other popular designs; pittinQ p ine , photo of yourse] f „ Kme mem ber of »our family. ery department, main £
¦. aoo doten on special . m — } ....... . . ' . J Z; , ,a *» S.
si! e to-day only, rach MtC •^ ee samptes tn our show windows and in department.' - floor; per yard . -5C 5
The October Sale fable Linens Continues |
I1.15 Cloths. . 88O J1.6S Cloths, $1.28 I $*.5° C^ojh,, $1.98 I \t\l$o C\oxh,..S2.78 I ls-75 Na?k«»,«Jo»., S2.28 '?
Si. 40 Cloths . ..Q8O ia.oo Cloth?, $1.58 I **i*75 Cloths; Si 2. 18 I i4.5o"aoth$.. $3.38 I 13^0 Napkins, doz.,'$2;48 3»
Si.50 CodM, S1.O8 J*.»5 C:oths,\$/»7c9 | fz-isdoih*, $2.58 \ 5i.65 Napkins, S2.18 \ 54-»o Napkins dot. , $3,28 .«
These Swiss Yokel Clocks, Wash Goods News \
fTwo Days Only, 42c Three Big Offerings %
Anew lot of 1000 of : these To-Day Only— All of our 15c and 20c |
. ClOCkS, imported direct by A°>™« and Scotch U#?ndv «ad Shirtings; J
¦ x *iT ciw \a the closely woven 3 z-inchaohd wish fabrics, .«»
us from, the Schwarzwald- „,. f2 C : 5
larger and better made than _.«/., Vk j a • %\ j * T *5
pver attrartivelv carved de- T 0 "^ Only— The good American Madras, in mcdiam $
ever, attractively carvea ae- stripeJ tor bo -,» bloaies, ltdiss' wtists. 5
Signs, ivory hands ivorv fig- dai J l7 drcs.es, etc.;- worth ,oc the yard .ff?ic i
ures and bronze weight, reliable _ _ ' n ' T ,. T . 7 , • V 7o^ s
timekeepers. On special sale To-*J 1 1 4 ° Jn ' h " "^ * S
Wednesday and O .^ "T! IOC |
Thursday, each ... ~ Mm%0 ¦ »*y«^ jj
: ¦ - •'¦ *+** ~ . — ~ " Extra Special Sales of £
Save Nearly SI.OO Pair Housefurnishing Goods J5
$3m5O ShOeS &2&65 , OJ Door Mat? — High grade cocoa fibre mats, in the three belt tizei, •*
_ • , _ ,. , ... W*~~ix to-dav at a big reduction from regular prices. {J
For to-day's and Thursday, s selling S/ .# 5« « 2C (14x14 inch«) .......... 3g o , J
we have selected aline of our aLa! 75c size (16x27 inches) s6o •"*
regular *3.50 women's shoes. fi3&&Mw± $1.00 me (1SH9 inch«) jj c •<
and cut the price to two-sixty- Fo!d s ins Til Matl - K i^« «X Ie . l6 «+ . inc^» • ¦ • S1.5O \ %
five. Yesterday they were £**&$& ijSFJSZ'^ 45??. . ?" 3 ! ' ' ' S $U5O »
?3.50, Friday they Will be Pant$ Han.^"— The Imperial, made of hea»y steel .piral spring?, -}
$3.50 again, for the tWO nickel plated, to screw to th: wall or door of clothes closet; holds *
daVS Onlv VOU Can Set them *»*»«* p^ four pairs of trousers and keept them creased and in good order; „*
. . Jr, J rcgulir 50c; tale pries ...'..... T o «r *, jt
at the cut price. They are 5^ and Pepper shakers-Nickel P iated, wrew'top; 'i^d'of »« 5
dull top, vici kid, hand-turned lace shoes,: pat- pair, «k price, each . s o %
ent leather tips, medium high French heels, a .Balance of doable-coated- gray onamelwarc, * few '*
wonderful value at. ...... . $2.65 £££ i^a-jJMjA-^. |
25c Perfumery We '':-..: %1ZZ?L: \ : %i% V/m^Z^ \ e t %° o %
Secured from I«mci S. Kirk & C6. «n immen>e loi of »>•=» To Ktnfci . . 680 )jcS...eP™. . . . 244, j}
, . . ,• , • , * c ¦ . c i' ' • ' . 50c Sauee Pans ... . . . •-. 33n X
their 25c holiday packages ot perfumes, left from last """ J
year, at a ridiculously low price, in the assortment fipflff/ftA #*»# /*/aeo '
seven of the most popular odors; sale price, each JUO C^L»f<.^a _. *=esr-* %
Eastman's Bath Powder— The 20c size fOo jjVi^wH r/eces MOC, O&G . £*g( *
Coke's DandrvD Cvrc—The $ 1. 00 size .... . . 4to «fi| ! 1 1 «R Mustard Pot— Very pretty cutting; cheap /||| *
Those $4.95 Trimmed Hats ml$fef ***** Pcp P «rs-Two pre«y ,hape,and / j j ; -5
Much Admired ¦ «^*tf*-^^ .«* W*
Are made of. materials and in styles that exclusive ¦ ....... jt
milliners would charge from half as much again to double &1&'* Some Wednesday and Thursday X
for. Our best designers planned them, and only choicest GrOGCry MOttey-SaVerS <*
French felts, velvets, chenille braids, pompons, fancy Great Tea Valve— Uncolored }*?*** Ootong or English jf
breasts, etc., have been used in their manufacture. ; Breakfast, for the two days only, these eitra choice 5
Continual additions are being made 'to our evtr - changing display -of teas,' per pound ; ....... ' O0 n Jt
••four ninety-five" haU; no ma'ttir what may be the -character, w " ,.- C * r*> ' • * t? *•-" * *.*-,* *- * Jf
,tyle or color of your w.nter luit/ we can furnish you with a hat. at glStUc Soap- Genuine French imported, bar . . 1Q O %
thii low price that will harmonize with it. . ¦ ¦, The new brown*, Eastern Rolled Oats — New, 9 pounds . '. ,. 1" 25c *5
" greeni," burnt : orange,' reds, black, etc., are here, '&^W^ i £MIB ¦ Red .Salmon— This season '• pack, tin.., .^ . »-i'tOc •*
*-5«?all their r *»^as-.~^v;;^r^^^^^&m&'B£ Worcestenhire Sauce— Lea t Perrins* or Hoirook . . ". .-.- .
Gilbert Heads 29c ?£* A»^ttd°iun-p™i*?°'' . ?.'"!':; ;. 2 MZ :5
_. ,<-,.,, ¦«.« --.f't ' j ' •" '*\. j' r ¦'¦"¦" Extra Sundard Tomatoes— Hesptrian braoi, i tbs. . . 23n «!
Six of C. Allan Gilbert's latest productions in beads from ; DevUed H ,m or Potted Tongue- 6 tin. . . . .7 * . . . %%% 2
life at about half price to-day. They are copies in Gannymtde "76" Pure Rye Whisky— Bottle . ... I . 78o 5
Sepia tones, mounted on I5X2O matS f tnd cannot be Genera Red Cros« Gin— Our own bottling; bottle SOO *
purchased regularly tt any art store for less than 50. "° c . k U hIte Wme or Extra daret- Gaflon . 430 J
v ¦ ¦ ¦ . .' . I. • . -, ¦¦¦-•. >»-? < GJka Kummel— Gsnu-ne imported, bottle . . . . <l.Ofl «
cents; our special price, beginning, to-day ... 29o Old Keller Whi,ky^S P rin 8 matured in i^t*'i&O5 |
£ ADVEKTISEMEXTS. ;
••GET TO KNOW US"
J.J.GILDEACO.
THE MON BY-SAVING STORE.
Don't Overlook
The Grand Formal
-.OF...
J.J. GILDEA CO.'S
Palatial new stores which
takes place To-Morrow
afternoon and evening,
October 20th.
Music, floral decora-
tions and souvenirs will
be the order of the day.
No goods will be sold
on this occasion. Every-
body cordially invited to
attend and see our beau-
tiful new buildings and
view the handsomest
stock of Men's and Boys'
Clothing, Hats and Fur-
nishings ever placed on
sale in this city, all of
which bear the LOWEST
PRICES linked to such
high - class meritorious
merchandise.
¦
J. J. GILDEA CO.
THE BIG STORE .WITH
THE LITTLE PRICES *
1028 to 1030 Market Street
Just Below Mason Street. ti
CUTLERY
EVERYBLADEWRRANTED
OCEAX TRAVEL.
#6te*n:en leave Broadway
wharvee (pier* 9 and 11).
San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan. Wrangel,
Juneau. Treadwells. Halnea.
Kk»Eway. etc.. Alaska — 11
a. m.. October 12. 17. 22. 27,
Nov. 1. Change to this com*
pany*» steamers at Seattle.
- For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
South Bf Klnc-haiE, BellSngham — 11 a. m., Oct.
12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. L Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. X.
R>\ ; uX Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.l at
Vanco-jver to C. P. Hy.
For Eureka (Huroboldt Bay) — Pomona, l:S0
p. m., October 13. 19. 23. 31, Kov. 6. Corona,
1:30 p. m., October 4, 10. 16. 22, 28. Nov. 3.
For Lo» Ansele* (via Port Loi Aneelea and
TUdonfio). Ean Diego and Santa Barbara — .
Eijnt* Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Btate of California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Ix>n Angeles (vlx San Pedro and East
Saa Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. Ean Stoeon, Cayucoa, Port Harford (Saa
LwU Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneroe.
Bcr.it*. A a. m., October 14. 22. 30, Ncv. 7.
Cooe Bay. 9 a, rn.. October 10. 18. 26. Ncv. 8.
For Ensenada, Magd&lena Bay, San Jcse del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Alta-.a. I-a Pas.. Santa Ro-
¦alla, Guayroas CMex.). 10 a. >n.. 7th each mo.
For further laf ormation obtain folder. Right
la reserved to chang* cteamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OrriCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. <PaUc« Hotel). 10 Market i*t..and Broad- ,
w&x wharves, rrclrkt OSce 10 Market st.
C D. DtTNANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market st.. Saa 7~racclsco. •
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Setter at., will
call fcr acd check baggage from hotels aad
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
TOYO Kip KAISHA
~ • " ; fORIKNTAT. STEAMSHIP CO.>
eteaaiers will leave Paclfle Mall wharf. <ror-
B*r r:r«t and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for
TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling «.t
Kcb* (Hloco). Narasakl and Shanghai and
connecting at Ilongksng with steamer* for
India. «tc. No cargo received oc board on daj
of mailing.
6. S. AMERICA MARU
Wedneeday. October It. 1304
Via Honolulu — Rcund-trip tickets at rednced
rate«. For freleht and passage apply at Coo*
w »y'i office. <2l Market irtreet. corner First.
W. H. AVETIT. General Arent.
oceanics.sx«.s»3£
8 E. MARIPOSA. for TablU, Oct. 20. 11 a.m.
B. fi. VENTURA, for lionolalo. Samoa. Auric.
land and Svdaey, Thursday.' Oct. 20. 2 p. m.
S. 6. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 20.11 a.m.
LESRICSSLSkBEOI COL. AltS..T!ctet C21C3 543 "<ir-
tti Turn cac^ 329 Baa si. n;r 7, mas x
COXFAGXIE CENER1L2 T3A.53\TLaHTi97S.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVP.E-rAP.IS i^L-J
talUr.i: eveiy Thursday l::«ttad of
, k&turday. at 10 a. m.. from Pier *X ¦f-xBT • .
JVcrth River, foot of Morton »t. %¦ '-
Kir.i cla&a to llavre. S70 and upward. 8««-
cttA c!«*» to Havre. J<1 snd upward. OBV-
EUAI- AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, t"2 Broadway (Hudson buildtart.
N«w Tork. J. F. FUGAXI & CO...l»Aclflc Cca»:
Agentf. 0 Mor.tgcsjery avenue I San Frandace,
TlJ»>U soid by «II Railroad Ticket AcenU.
TO U. SsllAYY YARDANO VALLEJO
STEAMED It J. CORCORAN
leaves S. F.. Cay «t.. N't-nd of Ferry bid*
dally I:M t m.. 1 and # i p. m. Suodaya.
k.SO a. m.. S p. ra.. leave V*:>j o daily «-M
a. ic.. 12:20 and fl:30 p. m. Sunday, ta.™
Fare 25c. 1\- A. O. Co. Pbon* Main CU.
*£strjroays rrrvptrd. -.«-+y* .-»^*»a(^HM
" 'Tot V. S. Iffavy "TtxA^iaA Vaile5o. ¦ ?¦
Str». Octieral F:lsb;e.' HaaticOJo mi, Arrow
!>:<a a.ni.. 12:60 p.m.. Z;i:. ji.»u^v^ p,n:-.--t :t9 a!
•a L^ave 8tn i':ar;c-»rco h.ur <!«>•» hmj *.nC
li:TAt p.m.. 0 ;.>.m., i,:3OrnV J^avif* Viliejo. t
a.m.. » a.m.. 12:^0 p.m.. SilZtp.tr... H p.ij-.. Sun-'
«£«>>. « a.m.. it *. ni.. »:2'»ji«n.. « p.J«.-,I*i»r 3.
Ji Mtwhiii a.: fK,n» \liin l.V»v, HATCH IIHO-'-.
;
¦ ; j /: .; ADYERTISEatEyTS.' • '^' ••
I m^^^ ARRIVED j
CHINA DECORATORS! ' I
fc«^/ -"Themost beautiful and delicate shapes and. designs I
ever "imported— Vases, Cake Plates, Olive Dishes. §
Salad "Bowls, Nut Bowls, Tea Pots, Chocolate a
Cups, Bon v Bon Boxes; jnifaefwe have .-.the .-most' H
W ' '¦-'•.¦ :'¦"-¦' ¦¦'"¦ complete' Hhe:in,this city— -Call in and took.around.v. a
1 |y hai\ Dol\rmam(oaiurderer ,:" Gets : Life ; Se*ntenc«.
< BAKERSFIELiy* ,¦ Oct. 1 S.^Leon
Clafanarlo, .who jnurdered ••}¦ Santiago
Ariiju; at; Tehacha'pi '; last ; February :¦_ by*
cuttirigj, off p his ;, head, I- tbrday j pleaded
guilty > and - : . was ; sentenced .to e^_ lrn|
prisonmentlbyj Superior- Judge Rector
of ' Merced 'County, .who ; si tting : in
place ,'of. Judge^Mahon*. Claranario's
crime.was ,orie} of '- 'exceptional brutal-
OAKLAND, Oct. . 1 8.— The Board of
Education , has appointed , Dr. ¦ F.ii B.
Dressier, professor of eohool hygiene
and Vschool sanitation ; »t '. the Unlver-,
Blty ; of ..California;, and J: ,P. GarlickV
principal- of 'the" Lincoln v tb
act as ¦ a: 'committee -to __examine ,ne^w
school building -plans, * with'vfeiation* to
the details ; of lighting,? heating, 1 ventil
ating, ; sanitation^' stairways,; halls,; etc.
The principal of each schpol- forr.which
the new building; Is r tov be constructed
will serve with this committee.
Will Examine School Plans.
' THIEF' ENTERS BY OPEN DOOR.— OAK-' *
LAND. Oct. 18.— Alden- Higglns, a» K!<hth
street, slept last night with his bedroom do«r
open. A 'thief stole 111 and a watch from hU
1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 sr wrrg»iiiTrMi«i-i«<-viiiiiini f fii» -'.>>¦"
NEW tTNION IS ORGANIZED. LIVER
MORE, Oct. 18 — J. B. Bowes." tmatness agent
of the ¦ Alameda County Building Trades Coun
cil, has Ju*t completed the organisation of a
Brick. Tile and Terra CotU . Workers' Union
at Ldvennore and a charter win be secured
at once from the International - -organization.
Bowen will install the of Hcers of the new
union. on November 30. The membership of
the union numbers IIS.
BERKELEY, Oct. 18. — E. W. Read,
who has been a prominent candidate
lor a place on the university football
team, broke his collar-bone In a prac
tice frame last night He will be un
able to play asain this season, and
may never play again. > . ..
Football Player Hurt.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— The ., follow
ing marriage licenses were issuued .by
the- County .Clerk \ to-day:.- August
Heiwlg, over 21, San Francisco, and
Anna, Kley, over 18. Oakland: Rich
ard Bucking, 35, and- Sophie Perkins,
33, both of San Francisco;- Jean : : G.
Hopper, over .-21, . Sonora. and' Ger
trude M. Rlunson, over 18. Alvarado;
Fredericks. Dllberger,"; 25, Petaluma,
and j Ethyl &. Lynn, 1 8, Oakland ; Gei
sukei Osaki, 30, Oakland, and Eyi Sa
kamoto, 27, Berkeley; Frank B. Gll
breth; over 21, New /York, and' Lil
lian -E.-Moller, over 18, Oakland; Al
fred: A. Barateau. over 21, Alameda.
and ; Evelyn Keyser, . over: 18, Oakland:
Marriage' licenses.
-¦•BARON" QUIETLY MARRIBD.— Oakland. I
Oct . 18. — A. A. ¦ Baroteau. known "as : '.'Baron 1 '
Baroteau, '¦ was ¦ quietly - wedded 'last night - In i
Alameda 'to Miss ; Evelyn Keyser by Judge , R.
B.' Tappan. -, Baroteau aays he ia . the son of
a French Marquis and a Knight of Malta.- Ha
achieved some notoriety some time ago by act
ing, as the bodyguard of Lady Yards- Duller. ¦_
LADIES : TO HOLD ". CAMPFIRE. — OAK
LAND, Oct." . 18. — Colonel John B. - Wyrnan Cir
cle No. '22 Ladles of the Grand Army of tha
Republic : will give a campflre and ¦ entertain
ment at' Lorlng, Hall, corner . of Eleventh and
Clay streets, .Tuesday ' evening." Music will be
furnished by : the Presidio Band and after the
prt gramme a dance will be given for the
young 'people. :':"',"" ' \v ¦. ¦ . .
rSAYS HE .WAS INSANE.--Oakland. Oct." 18.
James \ S. Stryker, -: who . Is charged by James
Corley : with the - theft . of a /horse worth $450.
entered a' plea of not guilty ': to a : complaint
charging ¦; him with r grand n larceny. J He , sayB
that he was insane through: drink ; when the
theft was 1 committed. ; His ; trial • wu .begun
this -. mdrnlng - before Judge • , Hall.' ¦ •:* Attorney
Tpm Bradley, represents . the- defendant. v. ;
' WILL INSTALL NEW PASTOR.' — OAK
LAND Oct. =. 18. — The.Rev. H. Haserodt of
Minneapolis. -who has -accepted a call to the
German Lutheran church, will ¦ be publicly in
stalled next Sunday evening. The former pas
tor of the church'was compelled to resign on
account of 111 . health - and the congregation has
been without - a pastor - for nearly six months.
NEW MANAGER FOR ALAMEDA "COUN
TY.—OAKLAND, Oct. IS.— Louis H. Jacobl
Jr who has been appointed to take the place
of E J. Ellis, who was recently appolmed
dl'tri'ct manajrer of the . Pacific States Tele
phone '• Company. , will soon arrive In Oakland
to begin his new duties.
ESTATE OF JUDGE FOX. — OAKLAND,
Oct ¦ 18. — The Inventory of the ¦ estate i of the
latw Judge Charles N. Fox shows that he left
ati estate - valued at $19,841 40. consisting r of
several pieces of. real estate, a 'law : library,
several due bills and some stocks. The entire
etitate goes to the widow and daughter of the
deceased. '..""- ; ; ..".:;. r --:¦''¦¦¦ '¦¦•'[¦ -.
WOULD DIVORCE ' HUSBAND.— Oakland.
Oct. 18.— Suit for divorce . was begun this aft
ernoon by Loulie Lund against O. Almar
Lund on the ground of infidelity.
JAMES STRYKER ACQUITTED— Oakland.
Oct. 18.— James Stryker was acquitted to-night
by a Jury in Superior Judge Hall's court of a
charge of stealing a horse valued at S430 from
James "Corley. _¦ . - - \ ' ¦
San Francis««» Nursery for Horoel«« Chil
dren (owners) with M. F. Gale * Son (con
tractors*, architect* Mayer** O'Brien — Brick,
stone and iron work for a two-story and base
ment structure on the NW corner of Four
teenth a"»er.-Be-and Lake street. 'W283-,~N t»2r»*
NE 237.50, S 277:1 1-3.. outalda land block J;
$7060. / . ; ". ,. . ¦ . . . .„ ,.
.Solomon and Dora Oet» to James Calvert. Int
on NW llr.« of Lisbon street. 100 NE of China
avenue. NE 20 by-NW 100k block 17. same:
$10." .. • : ,-.*-¦ --..
/Anna D. Joost to Maud E. Whitney, tot 7.
block 19. City Land Association: $10.
Mary E. Ltnlnay to Frank' Linduay. lots £1
and 34. block D. French and Oilman ' tracts;
$10.
- Elizabeth Miller (wife of J. A.) to X. A.
Miller, lot in Odd Fellows* Cemetery; gitt : :
Builders' Contracts. -
of Vlecn*" atre»t. J0O N. of Braa!l.-X~23 by'W
ICO. block 54. Excelsior Homestead; *10.. '
Annie M. or Ann Ryan to Kl iia bet h IT. Gor
don, lot 0, block 4, Garden Tract Homestead;
sin. ,.- , • , . ..;-
Julius C. Rels to Jens P. Chrlstenseo. lots -U*
and 4.%. block 45, R«i»Tra«t; pant,
Peter Flynn to John Kenny, lot on SXV; line •
of. China avenue, r5Q §E of- London street. SS
5O by SW 100,, lot 1.. block 13,- ExceJsJor.Home
stead: $1(V- • . -. . , ¦• .
LONDON. Oct. 18. — Charles Mor
ton, the "father of music halls," died
to-day. Although 87 years of age he
remained in active management- of the
Palace Theater ontil a few days ago,
¦when he retired. A farewell matinee,
at which all the leading artists were
to appear., w^fl in jcourse. of. prepara
tion lor, the veteran's benefit.' -.
of SXusic Halls" Dies.
OAKLAND BREVITIES.
OAKLAND, Oct. 18.— A decree of
divorce was granted Mary E. Smith
this afternoon from William H. Smith
on thV grounds of infidelity. and hab
itual intemperance. As co-respondent
she mentions^; the name of Mrs. Sarah
\V. Qrave, who, upon" the fact .being
made known, -attempted suicide,, but
was found in time by Mrs. Smith's
husband to save her life, x
A final decree of divorce was grant
ed Charlotte Chanteloup from Jacques
Chanteloup on the grounds of deser
tion and adultery to-day. She was
alao granted the custody of the .two
minor children and $25 a month ali
mony. . ¦ •
Two Divorces Granted.
CHICAGO. Oct. 18.— -The will of Mrs.
Harriet G. McVIcker, , widow of tha
theatrical manager, has been admit
ted to probate- by the; Probate Court.'
Mrs. Erne of S^in Francisco
and -Mrs. "Clara B. ;Oame 'of .the, same
city 'were present in court and 'were,
represented by counsel, but nothing
developed at the hearing on which to
base a contest, although the court wan
requested to make the records -\show.
that a protest had • been entered
against- the probating of the will. -
The will leaves three-fourths of the
estate to Horace McVlcJcer . and one
fourth to Dr. L. C. H. Zeigler. '
One-Fourth of Estate Goes ~ to Dr.*
.. Zeigler, tmt .Xcfthlnjr to San ,
Francisco Heirs.
WHiL OF MRS. MqVICKER
ADMITTED TO PROBATE
OAKLAND, Oct. 18.— Theodore
Rantzau, a well-known " young ' ! busi
ness rnan of this city, who for several
years has been associated with. the firm
of Dugdell & Woods, was quietly mar
ried Sunday afternoon ..to Miss Hattie
Pauline Peach, a ponular member of
the ; social set of , Spokane. . Wash.,
where . her,, parents, . j Mr," and , . Mrs.
Franz Peach, reside." _ .The . wedding
took place at the home of. the groom's
parents, on Davis street Jn San Leari
dro; the ceremony was performed by
the Rev. E. E. Clark, and Immediately
after the wedding breakfast the young
pair left for the south, where they
will spend their honeymoon.
;/ •^ The Rantzau home was beautifully
decorated for the occasion. The' colors
were green and white.. The bride was
attended by ,her sister, and Charles
Rantzau, a brother of the groom, aqted
as best man.
Theodore Rantzau Married to Miss
Hnttie Pauline Peach at -Home of
His Parents In San Leandro.
WELL-KNOWX YOUNG
- f • BUSINESS 3IAN WEDS
, Among those : registered ; at the jOc?
cldental are: Albert" W. Cooper, W.'
a: Ward, G. H. Cecil.; G, J.Trangott;
E. A. Secrest i and " R. , H.' Allen I of
United j? States " Forestry Bureau, ;t«'whb
have been inspecting, the forestry lands
near Fresno Flats and at other points
in] California.
2_8. P.' Booth, general , agent of the
passenger; department of - the ; Union
Pacific^ Company, 5 and"his wife ! leave
to-morrow for, St. s Louls,\where he will
attendrthe meeting.* of Uhe "'; Transcoritij
nentali Passenger. , Association. v^After
the meeting^Mr.vand Mrs.- Booth' will
inake a ! -t6ur~of the -Eastern 'cities. * . .. .."
. Floyd Judah, and Henry Avila of the'
Southern Pacific and Union Pacific
passenger departments . leave ; to-night
for Sacramento, : where" they .will meet
.Vice - President j Corral > and v; party •_ and
eecort.them-to this city. :.*•' - ¦'¦? »</ ,
. R. L.-: France, lumber Inspector of
the Southern \ Pacific « Company, , and
his wife retufne'd yesterday, from their
bridal , tour/^which , included a visit to
New York, r arid J other
large Eastern cities.
George -B. Katzensteln/, the well
known fruit shipper of Sacramento, is
a guest at the Palace. . .
Walter Rawley, an engineer of Man
wood," "Leeds, ' England, ¦ and wife ar
rived at the Palace yesterday. - :
. State * Surveyor General "Victor H.
Woods came -down " : fr6m ; Sacrame'rito
yesterday and registered at the Lick.: ,
Mrs.^William M. Stewart, wife of
United : States Senator Stewart of Ne
vada, has arrived in this, city and- is
staying at the; Occidental...
¦ H. Adderley Craddock of the Second
Llfe N Guards . of England Is at the
Palace.',
J. E. Chilberg, who is engaged; in
the shipping business in Seattle, is at
the Palace.
! ' J. O. Hayes, the well-known news
paper proprietor of San Jose, is at the
Palace;
L. J. Evans, a shoe manufacturer, of
Napa, and wife are staying at the
Grand. . :
Dr. Henry Sherry of Portland is at
the Palace. !;!iVVi>. *^;
H. R. Warner of Byron Springs is
at the Palace.
C. Downing, a merchant of Hanford,
is at the Palace. ¦.¦¦¦-.-
Gideon Boerick of Philadelphia is
at the St. Francis.
Dr. W. C. Wile ofjDanbury, Conn.,
is at the Occidental. t
P. F. Simmonds, an attorney of Ne
vada City, is at the Grand.
Attorney Frank Freeman and wife
of Willows are at the Lick. % , 7~.y
H. T. Jones, county surveyor of Con
tra Costa County, is at the Lick.
Charles K. McClatchy, editor of the
Sacramento. Bee, is at the, Grand,
A. L. . Brown of Los Angeles regis
tered yesterday at the St. Francis.
W. L. Woodrow, a business man
of San Jose, is staying at the Palace.
Former Assemblyman W. F. Price of
Santa Rosa is staying at the Grand.
O. McHenry, one of Modesto's bank-,
ers, and his wife are at the Occidental.
H. Malloch, superintendent of the
Marysville Woolen Mills, is at the
Grand.
PERSONAL.
J. Craig of- Highland Springs is* at
the Grand. .. , ...
C. C Berendsen of Byron is at the
California. •
City Attorney McElroy has" been
limited in his Inquiry to the point
alone of street lighting. The broader
subject. It Is not expected, will be
drawn iijto the decision at this time.
Mayor Olney has been desirous of
reamendlng the city charter so. that
the former condition of independent
boards shall be restored.
It has been contended at the City
Hall for years that the City Council
has by absorption taken unto itself a
large amount of municipal business
that properly belongs in the depart
ment of public works under the char
ter. There has been no disposition to
raise an Issue because of the peculiar
composition of the Board of Public
Works, which is formed of the Mayor,
City Attorney and City Engineer, each
having a deal of work in his own
separate department.
OAKLAND. Oct. IS. — The City
Council has referred to the City At
torney for decision the question
whether the Council or the Board of
Public Works has authority to install
new street lights. Councilman Pen
dleton has raised the point to deter
mine what the real purpose of the
municipal charter is concerning the
duties of the respective bodies.'
Requests City - Attorney : to Say
Whether It Is Trespassing Upon
Board ot Works. ~ ,„'"'.
.. ... TUESDAY OCT- J$» \ - ft*
Sarah J.' Parquer and WllllaW
to, Mary E. William*. lot'opS^Un* O f Fulton
street.-, 27 :6 W of Octavla, W 57:6 by N 120;
$io- ; • .--,-¦ ' . •¦ % ?
>,Willlam F. Parquer to nine, same; $10."
Xicolaus Ahrena to John H. and Lotta Boh-
Ug. l«t on 8W corner of Turk and Steiner
street?. S 57:6 by W 106:3; $10.
Jacob Bergman to Theodor - Johnson, lot on
N line of North Point, 137:6 W of Derisadero
street,- W 68:0. by N 137r«: $10.'
Mary R. Laming to Mildred L. ' Lanrtnjr. Tin- 1
divided one-half of lot on NE corner of Va
llejo: and Broderlck streets, K 137:8 by >?
137:0; $10.
Gustave, Albert and Leopold Jacobs to Al
exander and Louis Jacobs, lot on NW earner
Broderlck ur.d Sutter streets, X 70 by W 40;
also lot on NW line of Folsom street. HO SW
or Eleventh. SW 27:9. NW 110, NE 28:4%.
8E 110; illt. , .
City and County of San Francisco to Louis
F. Holts, lot on X line of Union street, 122:10
W of Daker. N to SW line of land grantee
to Lewis P. Sag*. SE to. Union, W 138:11;
•Charles (or Carl) and Hannah'. (or Hanna)
Semler to John T. L. and Elizabeth Schmidt,
lot on N line of Union street. 82:8 W of Baker,
W 27:0 by N 110; $10. - • ?
Raffaello and Aeoetina Tardcll to Adolph
Coleman. lot on S line of Page street, 112:8
W of Ashbury. W 25 by S 112:«; $10."
Marie E. Hoover' to George 8. Hoover, lot
on W. line of Valencia street. 158 N of Eight
eenth, N 26, W 177:6. SE 26:1. E 1U:S; gift.
George E. Turner to Alice M. I fad ley and
R. H. Turner, lot on SW corner, of Twentieth
and Guerrero streets. W 100. S 114. E 50 N
50:101;, E 50. N 63:1%: *1O. :
George K. and Clara V.-FUch to Balrd Es
tate (corporation), lot on S line of Sutter street,
127:6 W of Grant avenue (as widened) W 25
by S 120; $10. ,.-.;•-. ' .
Marie E. Hoover to Matthew I. Sullivan, lot
on SW corner of O'Farrell and Stockton streets,
S 27:6 by W 82:6;' *10.
Matthew I. Sullivan to Marie and George S.
Hoover, same; $10.' * ;-
Julia and Marx Friedman to Hannah Marx,
lot on E line of Hyde street. ST:O S of- Bush,
8 25 by E 87:6; $10.
Mary E. Mulling and Mary J. Walsh (Mul
ling) to John F. Noonan, lot on NW line of
.Tehama street, 125 SW of Fifth. SW 25 by NW
75; J1O.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Mary Mottershead (wife of E: L.). lot. on W
line of Vermont street, ISO S of Maripoaa. S 23.
W 85:4%. N 23:3. E 88:7%; grant. -
M. L. Blake (wife of A. E.) to Gertrude
Harkinson (wife of D. D.). lot on E line of
Sixth avenue. 208 N of Lake street. N 25. E
127:5%, S 25. ;W 126:1%; $10. - , . . .:
E. - L. Wemple to Continental Investment
Company, lot on $ line of Point Lobos' avenue,
S2:6 E of Tenth. E 100 by. 8,100: *l©..--- t : -
John M. and Emma Peters to Ferd and Anna
B. Hasten, lot on N line or A street.' 32:6 E of
Seventh ¦ avenue. . E 25 by N 100; $10. "
Bay District Land Company, (a corporation)
to Daniel W, Breslln lot On SE*"comer of
Third avenue and A street. S 60 by E 03;$ia
Gottlieb T. and Anna Knopf to Michael P.
and Joaephlnevp. Gleeson. lot on NW corner
of Third avenue and B street, 'W 35 by N 05;
S10. •. • .-...¦
F. B. and Belle N.' South worth to John P.
Hanten, lot on S line of I street. 32:8 W of
Seventeenth avenue. »W 25 by S 100; $10. ¦
Frank Schniuer to Margaretha Petry. let on
W line of Thirty-fourth avenue. 223 N of K
street. N 23 by W 120: $10. '
- Jennie M. Bull (Lambert) ta Ben White, lot
on S line of W street. 32:9 W of* Forty- first
avenue. W 50 by S. ICO; $10.
<•¦ E. : ii. Wemple to Continental Investment
Company, lot on SW corner of Wyoming and
Foot streets. B 237 by W 320, block 13, West
End map No, 2; $10. f- <¦¦¦ .-..•.
Mary J. Hafeneggcr to Mary Hogg, lot 8.
block 17, Market -street Homestead, quitclaim
deed; $10. • " ...
¦ Annie Mitchell to B. Sullivan, lot on W Hne
COUNCIL. WANTS LIGHT
AS TO,' ITS AUTHORITY
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 18.— The sur
geon general of the army has .con
curred in the recommendation of Gen
era! Grant that John J." Smith, a
member < of the United States Army
Hospital Corps, stationed at Fort Mott,
N. J., who is said to have married a
negress, be discharged from the army
"for the-good of the;service."
This recommendation has been «for
warded to . the Secretary of War for
his action. . ¦ •. •" - i ; ¦ ; - ¦ -.
Surgeon General Holds That Soldier
Who Married Negress Sljpuld
¦ Be Discharged.
The through -train In which Attorney
Baker traveled. at times sped along: at
a mile' a minute. Even 'asj he stepped
from the train preparatory' to a drive
to his mother's home he was Informed
she was still alive.,. The drive was a
thrilling one, but -to no avail. While
Attorney Baker was urging the speed
ing horses on his mother breathed her
last.
,. Last Thursday night Attorney Baker
received " a ' telegram telling of his
mother's precarious condition. A mes
sage for his dying mother, telling of
hl§_jlej>arture for her bedside, was put
on the wire.
CINCINNATI, Oct. IS. — Speeding
trains ' and swift horses, which had
been pressed Into, service in a race
across the continent with death, landed
Attorney Charles W. B. Baker of Cin
cinnati in San Jose, Cal., on Monday
night too late to bid his dying mothe'r,
Mrs. , Maria C. Baker, a last farewell.
Death had won its race by a few hours.
Cincinnati Attorney Reaches Mother's
Bcdsidfe In San Jose a Few
• - Minutes Too Late.
SMITH'S CASE NOW GOES
TO SECRETARY OF WAR
LOSES RACE AGAINST DEATH
ACROSS THE CONTINENT
A second divorce action between the
Barries Is now pending in the Supe
rior Court of the county. It, was
brought by Mr. Barrie as a sequel to
his wife's suit for divorce, which re
sulted in the woman's discomfiture in
court, ¦ when she failed to obtain the
coveted decree.
Mrs. Barrie startled the community
a year ago by declaring that her hus
band and his nephew, Edwin Wade,
had -"railroaded" her to an insane asy
lum because she objected strenuously
to the alleged improper actions of
Barrie in the home. Mrs. Barrie re
sented the presence of Margaret
Wade, a niece, in her home and swore
that the husband's actions made the
place unfit for a residence for herself
and her young daughter.
Judge Ogden of Oakland heard the
sensational story she had to tell. In
timated his belief that she was not
perfectly sound mentally and denied
her a decree.
Barrie then sued for divorce, alleg
ing cruelty. His wife retorted with a
cross-complaint on statutory grounds,
to which he entered a denial to-day In
the Superior Court while his wife was
suing him in the Justice's Court of
Berkeley. Vr v.*> '¦>
An echo of the sensational Barrie
divorce suit, was heard .to-day, when
Mrs. Eliza Barrie filed suit in Justice
Edgar's court "to recover silverware
worth $299. now in the possession of
Margaret Wade, Edwin Wade and
Alexander Barrie. The three persons
named are made defendants in Mrs.
Barrie's action. All of them were In
volved by Mrs. Barrie in her weird ac
cusations against Barrie, when she
sued him for divorce a year ago. They
are now presumed to reside at the
Barrie home. 2601 Fulton street,
where is kept the silverware she
seeks to recover, claiming that it is
her property.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Oct. 18.
"I love the great State of California,"
said the speaker, "and shall welcome
the opportunity to do something for her
in Congress, never forgetting, the re
sponsibilities that must devolve upon
the man who' sits as successor to those
distinguished Calif ornians. Judge Me-
Kenna and -Secretary Metcalf." ; ..
>'E. Myron Wolf entertained the audi
ence for an hour with a witty, logical
and applause compelling address, deal
ing; with national issues. He defended
the President from charges that he has
usurped the functions of Congress, ex
plained the Panama canal incident, ex
coriated David Bennett Hill, whom he
declared to be "the man behind the
gun" in Judge Parker's cause, and
contrasted the sane, safe policy of the
Republican party with that of the
Democracy, which party he declared
to be unworthy of the suffrages of
American voters.
Senator Lukens was introduced as
one who had graduated from the State
University and who at Sacramento
had done very much to advance the
university. In his brief address Sen
ator Lukens referred to the magnifi
cent results achieved by the univer
sity,, saying that he took especial
pleasure in helping to further the In
terests of the great university for
which he cherished much admiration
and respect. He described the vigi
lance and efficiency of Assemblyman
Waste and Senator Knowland and
commended .them to the people.
Senator Knowland followed, declar
ing his belief that the university Is the
State's best investment. He than
touched upon his candidacy for Con
gress. His declaration made a few
weeks ago that if elected he would
deem himself fortunate in being able to
count upon- the advice and assistance
of Hon. Victor H. Metcalf, having been
criticised by his opponent. Candidate
McPlke, Senator Knowland reaffirmed
It, saying further that if he eVer got to
a point where he ceased to feel the
need of older, and more experienced
men's advice,' he hoped to be relegated
to private life. ¦ * ?l
"To those who say that this cam
paign is an apathetic affair I wish to
commend • this audience, its size and
enthusiasm, as proof that they do not
know whereof they speak."
" Thus spoke Assemblyman W. H.
Waste, chairman of the Republican
rally held to-night in Shattuck Hall,
as he opened the meeting. The hall
was packed to overflowing with scores
standing on .both floors. There were
cheers for Chairman Waste, Senator G.
Ri Lukens and Senator J. R. Know
land, .Republican .nominee for Con
gress in the Third District, and ap
plause in plenty for E. Myron Wolf,
the principal -speaker.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, Oct. 18.
Both sides finished their direct testi
mony to-day. Sheahan says that spirits
have caused the difficulty between him
self and his wife and she says it's the
rnore material, * good right hand of her
husband,' whom she accuses of striking
her upon -any provocation. ,- He
that they never quarreled during; their
married life until about, a year ago and
then it was because she became a spir
itualistic medium and attempted to
turn their home into a resort for be
lievers of her kind. .
J. R. Van Anden, her brother, a
youth about 16 years of age, was on the
stand at the time the Interruption oc
curred.
He had testified that he had seen
Sheahan strike his wife and said that
It was^while they were living on Lin
den avenue In San Francisco. Van An
den was an Inmate at St. Vincent's Or
phan Asylum, near San Rafael, for sev
eral years and Attorney Cochrane, who
was cross-examining him, asked: ¦
"When did you go to St. Vincent's
Home?"
"Tell him it's none of his business,"
shrieked the sister from her seat In the
courtroom.
Kicking and. struggling in the arms
of two big deputy sheriffs. Mrs. Mabel
C. Sheahan was forcibly, carried from
courtroom to County Jail this afternoon
to serve out a two days' sentence for
contempt of court. This was the cli
max to a number of scenes created by,
the woman during the trial of her di
vorce case against John J. Sheahan. a
Sail. Francisco insurance adjuster. She
hag interrupted the proceedings upon
many occasions during the past few
days and this afternoon, from her seat
in the. rear of the room, she told her
brother, who was testifying, not to an
swer certain questions.
Judge Melvin immediately ordered
the woman into the custody of the
Sheriff. She ran out of the courtroom
and when she saw the deputies after
her she told them to keep away. Dep
uties Sweeney' and Simons seized her
and she sat- down on the floor and
compelled them to carry her down -the
stairs to the Sheriff's office. She made
matters as for them as she
could by kicking, but her struggles
were of no avail. Later Judge Melvin
made an order, sending her to jail for
two days and she was carried to the
County Jail, where she will be allowed
to cool- off. . . . -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Oct. 18.
No part of the $30,000 worth' of costly
volumes that are now the subject of a
suit against the estate of the late Jose
phine Dunsmuir was produced in court
to-day, notwithstanding the demand
made by Attorney A. A. Moore on be
half of E. Holdaway, publisher. The
nearest disclosure of their identity was
the production of a copy of a bill to
the amount of $15,192. \i tv ';t
The prices charged would have made
the old authors princes among capital
ists had they had their share in the
profits from their work. Sir Walter
Scott, laboring to pay off his creditors,'
could hardly have wished' for a richer
mine than to have seen a magnificent
set of his works bring $1920. But this
was only an item. Ten volumes of the
great operas are listed at $1500. Shakes
peare in his struggling days would
never have believed that a set of his
works would have sold for $1000. For
thirty-two volumes ' of Dickens the
bibliophile Is charged $1280; four vol
umes of Schiller, $140; eighteen volumes
of Carlyle, $360; thirty-three volumes
of the Anthology, $1320. and some vol
umes on Japan, with scenes, $750.
Holdaway to-day swore that all these
works were . sets of limited editions,
many of which cannot be duplicated.
They are bound in the best leather: and
have Mrs. Dunsmuir's monogram on
the covers. this reason, he says,
he would be unable to sell them.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
¦ " 1016 Broadway, Oct. 18.
The origin of the present trouble
dates back nearly two years to a fight
between Blackman and a man named
Lane over the lease of a piece of prop
erty in Fruitvale, which was used by
Blackman as a wood and coal yard.
Lane, who owned the proper ty, or
dered Blackman to vacate.^ and when
he went for the keys a flgh't followed,
in which Lane was worsted. He then
had Blackman arrested on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon, alleg
ing that the latttr had struck him
with an iron bar. Blackman was af
terward acquitted.
A number of the residents of Fruit
vale took sides in the row and the
feud has been intermittently carried on
ever since. ,;.%^^>^ir->.- ; ;.r
A feud of nearly two years* standing
among some of the residents of Fruit
vale, which has severa.1 times resulted
In arrests and battles in ( court, has
again broken out with renewed vio
lence. Already three men have been
arrested on charges of disturbing the
peace, and warrants are out for two
more, who are wanted on the same
charge. The complaints are all sworn
to by Colonel Frank Lynch, editor and
proprietor of the Fruitvale News, who
charges the men with having made
threats against his life.
The men arrested this, afternoon
are: E. L. Blackman, Eugene Dean
and Carl Hartwick. Constable Mor
ris Lane is now searching for the other
two. C. Stickney and Michael Carroll.
Lynch says that last night the five
men named came to the Satro Park
Hotel and after calling him to the
door, abused him in violent terms and
ended by exhibiting revolvers and
threatening his ilfe. He also alleges
that for nearly two hours this after
noon Hartwick paraded op and down
in front of the hotel with a double
barreled shotgun on his shoulder and
dared the proprietor to come out.
Lynch, however, believed discretion to
be the better part of valor and re
tnained inside.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Oct. 18.
The parish fairs of St. Patrick's and I
St. Anthony's churches, which opened •
last Saturday evening, are the centers J
of attraction in East and West Oak- j
land and the ladles in charge are vy
ing with each other in arranging new
features for the entertainment of those
who attend. Both halls were crowded
this evening and each of booths re
ceived its full share of patronage.
"When the doors were closed at mid
night the ladies, although tired out,
were happy, for they are now assured
that the fairs will be successful and
that they will be well repaid for the
weeks spent in preparation.
The West Oakland Auditorium, where
the jubilee bazaar of St. Patrick's par
iah is now in progress, was thronged
with visitors early in the evening and
It was nearly midnight when the last
party left the hall. During the even
ing all the committees in charge of the
various booths were kept busy and the
result was a handsome addition to the
funds already raised. The Rev. Father
J. B. McNally, pastor of St. Patrick's
Church, expressed hearty satisfaction
over the success of the bazaar.
The booths, their distinctive colors
and the names of committees in charge
of- them. are as follows: 1 .
Color red— Districts 1 and 6. Sacred Heart
booth: President, Mrs. James McAllister; vic«
president. Alias Emma Young ; committee —
Mrs. Carter. Miss Rigney. Mrs. Bromer, MUs
O'Conner, Mrs. William Muilins, Mrs. Rollins.
Mrs. M. Coyel. Miss Lizzie O'Conner.
Color irreen— Districts 2, 6 and 7, St. Pit
rick's booth: President. Miss Farley; vice
president, Mrs. Farrell; treasurer, Mrs. Le
ferve; committee — Mrs. P. Treacy, Mrs. Kear
ney, Mr». Canty. Mrs. Sullivan, Mrs. Frank
Brown. Mrs. James CoaWey. Miss Sarah Flynn,
Mrs._ J. Lynch. Mrs. J. Clonan, Miss M. Kar
iey.
Color white— Districts 10 and 11, St. Joseph's
booth: President, Mrs. J. Hayes; vice presi
dent. Miss M. Shorn; treasurer. Mrs. James
Driscoll; committee— MrB. Hayes, Mre. Boyle,
Mrs. Lem.ry, Mrs. Halloran. Mre. Emory.
Color violet — Districts 12 and 13, St. Antho
ny's booth: President. Miss M. T. Farretl;
vice president. Miss Milhone: treasurer. Miss
Mary Kane; committee — Mis* Loretta Towne,
Mrs. Brothers, Mrs. Foley, Miss Frances Daly,
Mrs. Hoelman, Miss Champreu. Mrs. Conner
ton. Miss A. Harrington, Miss E. Finn, Miss
Florence Cullen. Miss L,. Nolan, Mrs. Elne
Mrs. O" Dennett. Miss A. McGrehan.
Color brown — Grab box: President, Miss A.
Henneesy; vice president. Miss E. M. McCar
thy; treasurer. Misa M. McCarthy; commit
tee — MJs« A. Dolan. Miss K. Dolan.
Color pink — Candy booth: President. Mrs.
Pressy; vice president, Mn. Sanderson; treas
urer. Mm. J. Quirk; committee. Miss L. Ma
loney. Miss Rudeck, Miss Flynn.
Color gray— Refreshment table: President,
Mrs. E. J. Hanlgan; vice president, Mrs. Con
nellan; treasurer, Mrs. H. J. Westdorf; com
mittee — Mrs. J. Nolan. Misa H. Flannigan,
Miss A. Connellan. Miss B. Connellan. -
Faughaballa booth, emblem "The Harp"
— President. Miss M. Shortt; vice president.
Miss R. Shortt; committee — Miss' StronUfci,
Miss Cunningham.
The first three nights of the fair for
the benefit of the boys' school of St.
Anthony's parish have been a success.
A pleasing feature of the -fair is the
musical and . literary entertainment
given each evening. :
To-morrow- night, there .will be a
change of the character of the enter
tainment, which i i be furnished by
members of the Olympic Club of San
Francisco. During the evening there
will be a boxing exhibition by Jimmy
Britt, who is now training in Alameda
for his coming contest with Joe Gans.
The programme for' the rest of the
week has not yet been fully arranged.
One evening of the week is assigned
to each booth on which the committee
In charge hold a reception. Monday
night was devoted to the geranium and
carnation booth. This evening the
ladies of the violet booth were in
charge and the programme for the rest
"of the week is as follows:"
Fern. Wednesday. 19th; country etore
Thursday, 20th; chrysanthemum. . Friday, 2lst;
marigold, Monday, 25th; sunflower, Wednes
day. 26th; palms. Thursday. 27th;' shamrock.
Friday. 2Sth.
Interesting programmes will be arranged for
each evening. .
The members of the .committees In
charge of the different booths are:
• Country store— Ml u Mary Moffltt, president-
Misses Margaret, Emma and Nellie Moffltt.'
Miss Lucy Donovan. Miss • Josephine Edwards
Miss Mary Corden, Miss Evelyn Corden Mrs
P. J. Sant, Miss M. Callahan, Mis. Slittery
Mrs. John Hanlon, Mrs. James Slattary - ¦ '
- Violet booth— Mrs. Koenig, Miss Anita Koe
nig. Mrs. Villain, Miss Sopka, Miss Hawks
Mr. and Mrs/ Will Lamb.; Miss M. Farnham-'
Miss Emma Glenden, Miss Helen Glenden the
Mlwes Wslsh. Miss Tlerney. Miss Catherine
Phelan, Miss - Margaret Driscoll, Miss Agnes
Fitzgrrrald, Miss. Emma Moore, Miss Uelle
Dougherty. Miss- Viola Kennedy, the Misses
O'Connell, and Messrs. Eugene Berrlcan Eddy
Crawrord. Arthur Matthews. Jl. Horan. O
Doyle and Thomas Colthum.
Shamrock bcoth— Mrs. James YVlnn presi
dent: Mies R. Curtis, secretary; MUs N Sul
livan, treasurer; Misc M. Walsh. Miss K
Flynn. Miss B- McCarthy, Miss *A. Has-ertv'
Mies M. O'Conner. Miss K.. O'Conner Miss A
M. Haggerty. Miss N. Campbell. Miss A
Glenden. Mrs. James Smith, Mrs.- James Burke
Mrs. E. McGlnnls, Mra. M. McUlade Mrs'
Taylor. Mrs. O'Brien. , "'
Sunflower booth— M. A. Melnnis president*
Miss Kmma Mulgrew, Miss Roue Mulgrew Mia*
Agn-s Mulgrew. Miss J. C. Mclnnls Mrs M
A. Mclnnls. Mrs.' J. J. Agnew. Charles R Mull
grow, William J. Mulgrew. - „ • . ' ul
Chryranthenium booth— Mrs. Hugh Hoiran.
president; Mrs. M. J. Keller," treasurer- Mrs '
William . R. ¦ Geary, secretary; Mrs.-,-E 8 '
Derby. Mrs. John Ellis, Mrs. David Banter' '
Mrs. H. 6. Knapp. Mrsv J. -. T. Donne! !n| M«
I John Donovort, Mm. Cooke, Miss Eleanor Dl
1 mond. Miss Mollie Coramlns, Mrs. Annie How
art. Mrs. Fitzgerald,' Mrs. -K. Powers Mrs
Gertrude .FUnnagan. Mrs. :» Loretta , Knann'
Miss MoIH* Peters. Miss Virgin la. TyrreU Miss
Georgia Fitzgerald. Miss May Hogan, Miss Ella
Hogan; Messrs. Hugh Hogan. Judge. William
R. Geary. Frank Howard, Ralph Knapp Hugh
W. • Hogan. " ' .--,-¦ ¦¦¦J-~
Marigold booth— Miss Josephine Nesbltt* Miss
May McDonald, the Messrs. Carey, the Misses
Short, Miss Zeta Arnold. Miss Catherine Ken
i nedy. Mm. William Hcgarty. Mrs. Thomas
Whtlan. Mrs. Charles Huff. • ,. .... -
Geranium and carnation booth— Mrs Russelk
Fitton.i Mrs. : Fltzgibbon.- Mrs. McKown Mrs
Herding. . Mrs. Berry, Mrs: Gaillard, Mrs. SteU
son. Miss Martha FItton, Miss Marlon ;H ¦ Fit
ton.- Misa -Margaret O'Brien,. MIs« May
O'Brien. Miss Nora Coda. Miss Jean Mc-
Brearty. Miss M. Fitzglbbon/Miss AgTies Burke
Miss A. McMenamen. Misa - Dunol; Miss .- Budd
Daisy booth— Miss Liza White, .president"-
Miss Q. White,- Miss E. C. Walker. Miss Ham
r«I. Misb Mary Kretz.-Mlss K. Dolan, Miss A:
Abren. Mis* - M. Marcellino. Miss J. Coftey
Mies JL Lamb, Miss E.' Garvey.Mnr.' Carroll'
Mrs. R» ¦ MUU. • Mrs.: W. Harrington.- Mr»'
Tlerney, Mrs. Colgate. Miss L. Coftey.. .
•Cosmos and Ivytwoth — Mrs: 'Garcia,' Mrs P
. T. Mahoney. Mrs. Ryk#n. Mrs.--, Healy. Mrs!'
- Lamb, , Mrs. Pet«rsen, -_ Mrs. . Brown,-. Mrs.
Thompson, l Miss Jane Lamb, and ¦ Brother " Fe
lan and boys. -< - . --.:.. ; , . , . — . ¦ .,
' booth — Mrs.' Ellen M. Rosborough, Mrs.
O.i C. ' Kirk,' Mr*. J.-; Kenna, Mr».^ Bvarta, Mrs
E. B. Sanborn. v Mrs," B.' Humphreys,' Mrs."
Judge, .-Mrs,- Dowllng.' Mrs.. A.- B.-Dorby; Miss
Davis, r Miss Walsh and. Miss G. H. Ball«y. >>¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 18.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 13.
It was nothing more than a mangy,
vagrant yellow cur that had been
"shooed", off the front steps that caus
ed all of the troubled The Sears, Hen
dricksen and Norwood families are
neighbors, at 615 and 619 Tenth street.
Just as Mrs. -Norwood was chasing the
dog from the porch, Mrs. Sears hap
pened along in time to see the incident
and immediately imagined the dog had
been "sicked" upon her. Ben Sears, a
waiter and the head of the Sears
household, took I* M. Norwood, Mrs.
Norwood's husband, to task. The men
went at it hammer and tonga, Norwood
being bested.
Mrs. Mary Hendrlcksen, in the role
of peacemaker, . intervened, . but, as
usual, came oft badly. Sears disposed
of her with a blow on the face, - - ;
Norwood and Mrs. Hendricksea
caused Sears* arrest. He was' tried'be
fore Police Judge George Samuels to
day and found guilty.
During the trial it appeared that Mrs.
Hendricksen's husband had witnessed
the attack on his wife and had not
moved to the defense. •¦' i -* > r ' :
'¦Why didn't he take a hand?" la
quired Attorney A. L. Frick for Sears.
"Is he an invalid?" added the law
yer. , ;
"No. he ten't; he's a good Christian."
replied Mrs. Hendricksen, indignantly.
Sears will appear Monday for sen
tence.
He Makes Good Impression
and E. Myron Wolf Wins
Applause as Chief Orator
Dunsmuir Library Is Not
Produced in Court, but
a Bill Tells the Tale
Halls A!re Crowded Each Eve
ning iaiid Various Booths
Are Liberally Patronized
Woman's Husband Fails to
Qo to Def ense After His
Wife Is Struck in Face
Sensational Accusations Are
Recalled by Suit .Which
Berkeley Woman Brings
Colonel Frank Lynch Says
Carl 'Hartwick Picketed
His Home With Shotgun
After Many Warnings Un
truly Temper of
Lands Her Behind Bars
INTERRUPTS A WITNESS
FATE OF A PEACEMAKER
COMMITTEES KEPT BUSY
KNOWLAND IS POPULAB
WAS KEPT A PRISONER
ECHO OF DIYOBCE TBIAL
BABE VOLUMES ABE HIGH
Old Authors Would Have
Turned Pale, to See the
Profit From Their Work
Members of St. Patrick's and
St. Anthony's Churches
Give Successful Fairs
Mrs. Eliza Barrie Sues to
Kecover Yalual)le Plate
From Three Defendants
Republican Bally Holds
Pronounced Attention of
Thousands at 'Berkeley
Kicking and Screaming Ma
bel C. Sheahan Is Sent
to Jail for Contempt
Wandering Mbngrel^Causes
a Lively Neigttehood
Kow Tnat Gets : tb A Court
Fruitvale Editor, Fearing
Plot, Secures Warrants
for Wholesale Arrests
GOOD SPEECHES
ENTHUSE CROWD
WOMAN FIGHTS
WITH BAILIFFS
ASKS PRINCELY
SUM FOR BOOKS
WORTHY WOMEN
AID IN WORK
FIGHT RESULTS
FROM OLD FEUD
SAYS TRIO HAS
FAMILY SILVER
MEAN, YELLOW
DOG IS BLAMED
THE ; SAN 'FRANCISCOV^LlJ^; WEDNESDAY; •OCTOBER 19; ;1904:
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
M£^ Q SkB §1% A^d. many other painful and seriou3
I fUsl S 9 ailments from which most mothers
wBBlw suffer, can be avoided, by the use of
04BPI^ tP fi" AV "? flft!r ' t .W™^ 1 his eat remedy
l^K Hq fpfi aOi a G°d" sen cl"to women, carrying
¦^ ™ ™.~" T:™ ; T"f : \ ¦¦ ( ordeal with-. safety and^ no paiiv.
•No woman who uses '.'Motfeer's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures saf ety to jife^bf mother and child, and leaves"her.in
a condition more favorable to speedy; recovery. - iThe.child is
also healthy , r strong and i4 aa — » — 'm~^ £ : \
woman, : and will be 'sent free in plain fp W8& g R R| WBK
envelope by addressing application to g| gK i Hj Bfl |j| j
Bf adfield Regulator Co. Atlanta, Go. i &© 1 SbN w3
APyERTISOfEXTS.
* m\if fercrs. read what
Hydrozoiie
and GZ.YCOZONE have done for a
celebrated journalitt in one week.
Fret. Charks M irthicd.
Dtmr Sir: One <reek'i trr tttnirat » ith your Hydro.
«»e and Glycozenc not ociy tel>r>«d but abutlntely
«¦¦»"* »u» » CMidltiaa •facnou ll.« t kit • ornrd and
perplc i«! me far d>« put tea yean. Yours »«nr truly.
Jatepb Howard, Jr, 150 Nuiu St, S. Y.
JPne trial bottles of Hydr ozone and
GlyemoiM) sent on receipt of '35c to' pay
cipre«fi£e. These preparations are hann-
1cm, yet powertulrtrmicides," used by lead-
in* physicians. Sold by best drugxutt.
-9 fr>=S^<3
. «l-0 Pri%c« St.. New York.
&mt/0rbo*tltihemtoprert*ttndewedU!ait.
FREE;—— FREE -—-'FREE
— — --^-^WITRr- " ' "
— SUNDAY CALL -—^~
\. - ;^.;WANT-ADS; J
-Your v Chqice of Two Premiums,
¦. ' '¦¦¦- ¦--.-;- Either '«v : -^^;
—LIGHTNING BREAD and—
¦ CAKE?KNIFE j: ' ,
•- - .• '• ¦ -ora "¦-¦ r : rrj-^:^
1 ,„...., ;;;;" nut set— —-
(Six Nut Pic Ws and a Crack.)
See Small Ad: Page; for Fur-
ther Particulars.HORSE STOLEN FROM POUND J*mt«
Steight was arrested yesterday on Btr&aJ
Heights road and accused of stealing a. hora*
from the pound.
- - The following . ."officers'?/ have been
elected; by the Congregation Shaari
Zedek: President,. M. H. Lichtenstein;
vice* president, L.M. Cohn; [secretary,
Samuel ' Polock: • treasurer, :'< I.; Isaac
son ; H. : Rothman,- collector; trustees—
B. Raskell,- I. Conn, _.' J/' Hirsch? S.
Isaacs,'' B. . Baker. /".The^.'members'? re-"
solved to sell the present edifice and
build a new one. \ - - "
Synngognge's : New Officers.
Sunday, October 23 and 30. $2 Round
'Trip.'
On the two remaining Sundays-, In October
2nd and 3Oth— the . Southern \ Pacific will ' run
excursions to-Santa Cruz- for a round* trip
rate of 12. Special train '. will I£ave .Third
and Townsend *tre«ts depot at 7:30 a. "m.;. re
turning, lsave' Santa. Cruz at 4:10 p." m. . A
splendid chance to see the Santa Clara Valley
Sax<ta Cruz Mountains, nip Trees -and enjoy a
day of uayety on the beach, bathing:, boatlnr
fishing or listening to fine band concerts. Ask
•boat it to-day at Southern Pacific office," «13
yarket-stftt. . ' .. -. " -' ¦ ". -.- *
A fire in' the ollroom of the * San
Francisco. Gas and. Electric Light
Company's works at Fifth Wnd.Te
hama streets; caused /considerable
alarm in that neighborhood last night.
The flre started near . the large ¦¦; gas
tank, , but i was soon , extinguished." The
cause is unknown. ., A blaze, in *a! tene
ment-house at'; 925r27' Natoma. street
did about $ 2 5 0 0 f worth ' ' of "damage
later in the evening.
Firemen Are : Kept Busy.
EXCURSIONS TO SANTA CRUZ.
Gilbert Hassell lectured last night
.before the Camera Club In the Colum
bian building. His subject, "Expos
ure," was very. Instructive to those
who are Interested in photography.
The lecture was, illustrated by stere
oAicon Views.
Lectures Before Camera Club.
Dr. James M. Gray, the noted Bible
teacher from the East, gave an in
terpretation, of Christ's teachings con
cerning prayer last evening at .. the
First Presbyterian Church, Van Ness
avenue. Dr. Gray impressed his hear
ers with his lucid and "deeply interest
ing treatment- qt his Biblical subjects.
He leaves this morning for Sacramen
to and will return to preach at the
First Presbyterian Church next Sunday
morning. * In the evening of the same
day he will occupy, the pulpit- at: Cal
vary Church, Fillmore street." -
Hear Noted Bible Teacher.
NOT AN EMDE55ZLER.— The Vincent O'Xell
who is alleged to have swindled a Bush-street
saloon man /out of $65 a few days ago Is not
the •Vincent A: O'Xell . who is connected with
the .Union Iron Works and a prominent mem
ber cf the Olympic Club.
Little Brown Men Enjoy Play Where
in Few Japs Slay Many Bearded
.Russians.
Like a melodrama of the American
Civil War was the Japanese play,
"Ainoko" — "The Hal fbreed"— presented
at Union Square Hall last night. Only
there were Japanese instead of North
erners. Bearded Russians', or rather
the Japanese conception of the bearded
Russian, stood In lieu of Southerners.
Whoever" says that the Japanese are
an unemotional; race shouiu have been
at that play last night. When an army
of three Japanese charged through an
army of seven Russians and performed
feats of jui jltsu upon the Slavs, while
the bombs were bursting in air, the
gallery was as excited as the Central
Theater on, "aturday night There is
a plot in the thing that might give
some American • concocters of . melo
drama valuable material. .The play
was given to raise funds for the wid
ows and orphans of soldiers killed in
battle. , -1 .. .
Thy tale is of a Japanese half breed,
whose father is a Russian: named Dro
ski.'VWar,is declared and the father' is
one of the besieged at Port .'Arthur,
while- the son is with ¦ tha, Japanese
army outside., .The father" escapes, dis
guised as a Chinese coolie, ¦ but is cap
tured by Japanese privates, :¦'. who beat
him cruelly. A colonel of the Japs
rescues him and turns him over to the
son. I The ¦ half breed receives Informa
tion ;frorri "the parent regarding certain
forts. The Russian, father then begs
the • son', to kill , him. After r a ". struggle
the son complies with tne'- request,
Then comes the battle'scene. The half
breed, who has .been despised 'by ; his
regiment, saves : one of. the" men.', who
taunted him I and " is hailed ¦ as ' a : hero.
To Organize Panama's Police.
¦h . NEW ' YORK, -. Oct. e 18.— John .' Me-
Cullagh; former .'. Chief /of ; .Police . of
this " city, has \ been "recommended 'to
the Panama Government by ¦Commis
sioner , of Police M cAdoo . as : the best
available 'man t to organize a police de
partment for the new 'republic.
v PANAMA, .'Oct.. 18.— Major General Georste
W.-,-pavii (^ American Governor, of . the v Canal
zone." hu 'Informed Dr. Amador. '-. Presldenfof
Panama, that ; November 3 , will • be ¦ observed as
a-bolidajr. -
Walter J. Stone, a collector, who
was arrested last week by Detectives
Dinan and Wren, was booked at the
City Prison yesterday on two charges
of - felony embezzlement. The com
plaints were sworn to before Police
.Judge "Cabaniss yesterday by M. P.
Danly, representing a 'guarantee com
pany. It i§. said that Stone's shortage
amounts *to'?2900. -
Stone Must Stand Trial
The one hundred >nd twenty-third
anniversary of the battle of York
town will be commemorated by the
California Society of .the Sons of the
American Revolution by a banquet
at the Occidental- Hotel at 6 o'clock
to-night. Addresses will be made as
follows: -Jodge Henry A. Melvin has
chosen for his "If General
Washington ; Should Return to the
United States." Colonel George W.
Hindes', subject will be "Eighty-one
Years After." Edward H. Hart will
talk on "All Men Are Created Equal,"
and Frank H. Gould will speak' on
"Our Ancestors: What Do They Think
cf Us?"
Will Commemorate Anniversary.
Only four more sale dates for cheao tickets
to the Fair — Oct. 19th. 20th. 26th and 27th.
For particulars relative : to making trip over
Northern Pacific Railway, see T. K. btateler.
General Agent. C47 Market 8t.. S. F. •
Last Chance to See World's Fair.
JAPANESE PRESENT DRAMA
OF CONFLICT IN THE EAST
Deputy Health Officer Levy received
notification yesterday that the Attor
ney General of California had rendered
an opinion that osteopaths are not en
titled/ under; the law to sign- death cer
tificates. The act of the j Legislature
permitting osteopaths to practice does
not carry with it their recognition as
duly licensed physicians, the Attorney
General says.
May Not Sign Death Certificates.
The members of the Institute, while
agreeing with the city's .adornment
committee that the old pavilion is rap
idly passing beyond its days 'of use
fulness, have announced that they are
not financially prepared to build a
modern structure on the pavilion site.
In view of this fact it has been sug
gested by the adornment committee
that possibly a corporation may be
formed to purchase the site and erect
upon it a handsome new building. The
representatives of the institute have
assured the promoters of the auditor
ium project that their organization
will consider any reasonable proposi
tion to sell the site, especially to any
corporation representing the city's In
terests.
The replacing of the old Mechanics'
Pavilion with a handsome, K modern
auditorium, one that would be an or
nament to the city and afford ample
accommodations for big conventions,
is not beyond the range of possibility.
The members of the Society for the
Adornment and Improvement of San
Francisco have been in conference
with representatives of the Mechanics'
Institute with a view of learning just
what action that organization would
take In the event of an auditorium be
ing projected. "v"~
Members of the City's Adornment
Committee Favor Site Owned
by Mechanics' Institute.
HAXDSO3IE AUDITORIUM
MAY REPLACE PAVILION*
The police ascertained -". yesterday
that Ernest N. Bales is not a benefi
ciary in the will of Mrs. Annie Engel
berg, whom he is alleged to have ac
cidentally shot last Thursday night.
Mrs. Engelberg willed ( most of her
possessions to a cousin in Gilroy. This
discovery leads the police to believe
that Bales is innocent of any crime,
and unless the Coroner's jury holds
him, he will be dismissed from cus
tody. N
Bales Xot a Beneficiary.
A. O. Hess, who claims to be a
clergyman from Portland,* related to
the police yesterday "a weird tale of
being held up by a masked man at-
Montgomery avenue and Pacific street
shortly after midnight yesterday
morning and robbed of $200
and a ' • watch. - He sa^d he
was seeing the sights with a friend
whom he met on the street and' that
the latter left him a minute before the
masked man appeared.
A dispatch from Portland says that
•He^s had a J similar experience there
some time ago, but his story was re
ceived with some doubt. However, he
gained much sympathy and received
financial aid at the time. Hess prom
ised to come to Captain Burnett's of
fice at 7:30 last night and aid the de-'
tectives, in' capturing the alleged rob
ber. He called, but told Captain Bur
nett that "he had secured a job- with
the Santa Fe railroad and decided to
let the matter drop.
A. O. Iless SayseHCiWas Robbed ,of
$200 by /Masked Man, but De
cides to Let Matter Drop.
VISITOR JTELLS DOUBTFUL
STORY OF DARING HOLDUP
Among the topics to be discussed
are rivers, waterways and harbors,
merchant marine, trade with the Ori
ent, consular service, statehood, rail
way transportation, . preservation of
forests, the sugar Industry of the
TJhited States, trade with Mexico, ex
ports and imports through the Gulf
and Pacific ports, the encouragement
of home -manufactures, good roads
and drainage, the Lewis and Clark
Exposition in 1905, the proposed na
tional Department of Mines arid Min
ing, trade with Canada and trade with
Alaska. * :.V
The California delegation to the
congress will probably confer at St.
Louis and mari out a line of policy, to
be pursued in harmony with the in
terests of California. Among the
speakers who are to address the con
gress are , John Hays Hammond,
James R. Garfleld of the Department
of Commerce and Labor, Charles Je
rome Bonaparte, president of the Na
tional Municipal Reform Association;
F. H. Newell, chief of the reclamation
service of the Department of the In
terior; Gifford Pinchot of the Bureau
of Forestry of the United States; F.
J. Hagenbarth, president of the Amer
ican Live-Stock Association: Martin
Dodge, director of road inquiries, and
Alexander H. Revell, vice president of
the National Business League. The
last named will discuss the question
of having the President of the United
States elected for one term only. Pres
ident Diaz of Mexico may attend the
congress.
Advance information has been re
ceived concerning some of the topics
that will be treated by Individual
speakers. The general committee
work and the.determination of poli
cies for the congress to adopt will en
gage the attention of . the delegates
more than the set speeches. *
Among the : accomplishments that
are claimed for the Trans-Mississippi
Congress, are the irrigation act; the
creation of a department of com
merce; securing deqp water at Gal
veston, Houston and New Orleans;
the construction of irrigation canals
and reservoirs and the successful ad
vocacy of other public measures of
different sorts.
: H. D. Loveland, vice president for
California for the Trans-Mississippi
Commercial Congress, started for the
East last evening to attend the con
gress, which will convene at St. Louis
next Tuesday and remain in sesisonflve
days. The other members of the Cal
ifornia delegation are somewhat scat
tered. Several are in St. Louis at
tending the St Louis Exposition, and
this fact, led to their appointment, In
suring a full attendance for California
at the deliberations that will take
place relating to large interests and
affairs . west of the Mississippi River.
A man was kept at the pump all
the time, _and all went passably well
until the t schooner got to the longitude
of the Hawaiian Islands, when the
wind grew shifty and squally. Then the
wind and seas came from all direc
tions. From every point of the com
pass came a yelling blast of gale with
a swell that tried to lick the clouds
out of the sky. More water spouted
through the opening seams, and more
muscle was put at the pump. The
vessel labored fearfully, and' on the
crest of some great sea it was feared
she would split in halves. The pump
choked up and the captain opened the
main ha^tch and got down among .the
cargo and cleared the pipe. After
ward the crew took the pump out of
its place, put it down the main hatch
and succeeded in keeping the water at
a safe level. / "^
A shift of men went into the hold
and boarded up the cargo so it would
not shift. Had the schooner gone on
her beam ends she . could not have
been righted. The skipper tried to
make one of the Hawaiian Islands,
but the wind shifted andjfcie, was
forced to set a course for San Fran-,
clsco. Head winds were encountered
during the voyage here. ,
So. fathom by . fathom, .- with the
crazy pump marking oft the slow
knots, the Karl and Ella weathered
the storm, and Skipper Beguhl Is here.
The vessel is now leaking, at her an
chorage and the pump is still working
to keep the water. down. < .
The log of the schooner is not writ
ten very plainly. Captain . Beguhl ex
plains that he was too worn out try
ing to keep afloat and keep himself
and the eight islanders above the
sharks to turn to literature. However,
the record of grit and endeavor is
there. It says the vessel left Ponape,
Caroline Islands, Aug'ust 17, with a
cargo of 85,800 pounds of copra, 223
pearl shells 250 pounds of ivory
nuts consigned to I. E. Thayer, San
Francisco. The vessel was in need
of repairs and leaked considerably,
and a strong southwest wind kicked
up a heavy sea and made matters
worse. To shorten the way the cap
tain cut through the Marshall and Bi
kini islands, and the continued gale
and high seas opened the seams of
the old hull more, and the ocean slip
ped in at every thump of the wave.
When the skipper could have put
on the canvas and sped harborward
he did not dare do so, as the increased
motion over the swells would be too
much for a pump such as was used in"
the ships of Tyre. Then the rigging
carried away, "first on one side and
then the other," says the log, "with
only one sailor to help on repairs."
Stoppers were put on, and with block
and tackle the broken swifters were
hauled taut. . The chain-plate bolts
drew out, but the rigging was fastened
to the fails, and the pump and the
schooner went merrily on.
The weather moderating the'eaptain
and such of his men who could work
got at some of the leaks and stuffed
them with canvas. Then the # flght
between the pump and the » Pacific
slackened up, and the log says the
schooner made less water.-
PUMPS KEPT GOING.
The story of a., well-fought battle
with wind and wave is written in the
log of"'the little schooner Karl and
Ella, Captain Beguhl, just in from the
South Pacific. With an = almost
useless pump, leaking ship, an
ignorant, timid, native crew, against
ceaseless gales and rolling seas,
the sturdy skipper worked his
water-logged craft up the lati
tudes. . He took passage through the
coral groups, running under short sail
to keeD Ms schooner from laboring
over the swells and splitting wide
open, and then this follower of the
Vikings of the north kept on, dropping
the knots behind him — and he is here.
His vessel, as she now lies at an
chor in the harbor, is leakins many
gallons every hour, and a tattooed de
scendant of some long-forgotten can
nibal is dragging the * crazy pump
liandle up and down, up and down, as
it has been going for weeks,- never los
ing a stroke night or day.
There are two feet of water in the
hold, and the Caroline Islander, bend
ing his brown back over the pump
brake, can't make it any less.
LOG OF THE VESSEL.
Policeman T. J. Kavanaugh and Spe
cial Officer, Berge were close by at the
time. They arrested the woman and
sent the wounded Japanese to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital. ..The bullet
had 'struck the unfortunate' Japanese
on the right temple rendering him un
conscious.
Mrs. Forsyth said that when she
raised the rifle to her shoulder some
one spoke from behind to her and she
wheeled around. To her surprise the
rifle was discharged. ' She thought her
cape got caught in the trigger. Max
Schwartz was an eye witness and he
declares that Mrs. Forsyth deliberately
turned/ around, pointed the rifle at the
Japanese and flred. ..
Detective Coleman has been detailed
on the case. He found that Mrs. For
syth wae living in a hovel in the base
ment of 2410 Jones street and that her
record for sobriety is not good. He
was informed that she has a husband
who works in the sugar refinery, but
Policeman George Collins, who knew
her family in Oakland, said that her
husband, Edward Forsyth, captain of
a coasting schooner, was washed over
board and drowned while at 'i sea, some
years ago. " -
Mrs. Forsyth was under the, influence
of liquor when she entered the shooting
gallery between 11 and 12 o clock yes
terday morning. She paid Noda ten
cents and he handed her a 22-caliber
rifle, which he had loaded. The woman
raised the rifle to her • shoulder and
swung' around. Just then the rifle was
discharged and the Japanese dropped
to the floor with a groan.
The body of Am Xofia, proprietor of
a shooting gallery at 815 Kearny street,
lies on a slab at the Morgue. Mrs. Flor
ence Forsyth, 2410 Jones street, occu
pies a cell at the Hall of Justice and
to-day she probably will be formally
charged with his murder. The' Jap
anese was shot through the vbrain yes
terday morning by a bullet from one of
his own target rifles, which he had
just handed to the woman. He died
at the Central Emergency Hospital at
1:15 o'clock this morning.
Mrs. Forsyth claims the shooting was
accidental, but an eye-witness of the
tragedy declares she turned around and
aimed deliberately at Noda.
State* Representatives Are
to Confer at St. Louis
and Agree Upon Policy
Captain Beguhl, Nfitft Native,
Crew, Has Hard Time to
Keep His Vessel Afloat
Eye Witness Declares Weap
on Was Deliberately Aimed
at the Woman's Victim
CALIFOENIANS STRONG
LEAKED NIGHT AND DAY
SAYS IT WAS ACCIDENT
Mrs. Frances -Forsyth Uses
a Giui in Shooting- Gal
lery and Hits Proprietor
Schooner Karl and Ella
Arrives From South Seas
Fighting: Wind anil Wave
Trans-Mississippi Congress
Delegates Are on Way to
Great Assembly in East
WEST TO TAKE
PART IN WORK
ANCIENT PUMP
NEVER CEASES
KILLS JAPANESE
AT RIFLE RANGE
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALU; ¦^WEDNESDAY, ;, OCTOBER .19, 1904;;^
7
' '_ -- : I ADVERTISEMENT'S."
CASTOR I A
Por Infants and Children.
fhe Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^V- S/&? J TF"*
Signature of (*0&jtyfflCc£c£tf4
',' .£A1XE*S CELERY CO^fFjOUyP.
CHAtES'X^STACX^
v . ~* .'"
The £Run DownV^Conditfon
"Why do Ifcel used up and all nm"down;moat;
of the time?" _ . - .
How many ask themselves this question'dailyf.
The answer issimple. It is lack of nerve force.'
Science with its unerring, methods of research
has proved that the various organs and tissues of
the body continue in health and perform their,
work properly as long as their nerve supply re-
tains its vigor and strength. But if the nerves
degenerate or lose power from poor nourishment
or any other cause, the entire physiological mech-
anism of the body is thrown out of gear and we
have as a result some pronounced "rundown
condition or disease £v.-'."' :/;-».
The heart, the stomacn, the liver, all have their,,
great nerve centres which supply them with the
power to work properly. When these nerve cen-
tres are weakened theseimportantorganscannot : •
.act properly.
The experience of Charles' E. Stacy [i a
cate In point. ¦
,c ; ,' Brooklyn,- N." yS Aug.' 12, v 1904<— *PalnV«
Celery Compound cured ma of chronic bil-
iousness of many years' duration. .1 was all
run down and I thought I never could feel
better, I had tried so many remedies with-
out success. It affords me pleasure to
state, however, that four bottles of the Com-
pound made an entire change in me and I
now feel better than I have in years.. I will
always heartily recommend Paine's Celery
Compound to all suffering from derange-^
ment of stomach and liver."— ChM. B*
Stacy, 450 Fifth Ave.
Prof. Edward E. Phelps, the famous'discoveret
of Paine's Celery Compound, was the first physi-
cian to openly declare twenty years ago that the
health of the human body depends entirely, upon
the health of the nerves.
Paine's Celery Compound " furnishes food for
the nerves themselves, and, while gently stimu-
lating them, restores them to their * original
• strength and vigor and at once all the organs of
the body_take up. their^work and health is . reV
stored.' * -. "
Paine's Celery Compound sends new life throb-
bing through every artery and gives that glorious
feeling of perfect health.
For the past 17 years this great nerve vitalizef
and tonic has been the most universally used pre^;
•scription in the world Pale, sickly children/
weary women, broken-down, discouraged men
find strength and in .this, great, pre-
scription. _ t >;-"
It cures"disease*by removing the cause. When x
ever you suffer from rheumatism, headache,'
sleeplessness, dyspepsia, nervousness or "run-
down" condition you can be cured by Paine's
Celery Compound* Its .effect, is almost . immedP
ate.
Remember this. — Paine's Celery'Compound'is
the prescription of one of the most famous phys-
icians this country has ever known, and all reput?
able druggists sell and recommend it I ¦ (
• WELLS, RICHARDSON A CO.,
BURLINGTON, VERMONT;
ADVERTISEMENTS; :,-.:„-_:,-.- .-.
i **°** eT <>** Decorations J
i SATIN AND TAFFETA CAKE KNIVES. BERRY \§
£ RIBBONS— A high luster ennnwe enno t a I
I all-silk Ribbon, 3 inches SPOONS, SOUP LA- %
9 wide, all shades; regular DLES, CREAM LADLES £
* Sy lsCl%Z hU .: 17C Re * uIar 2 *c to 39C These 4
y ! odd lines must be cleaned 4
f L EXERcSS S H , ILDR EN out at, each 1(% 6
Z EXERCISE—Help the lit- /C I
Z bring color to their cheeks <
I ROLLING HOOPS-A new WICKER CARPET BEAT- |
lot just received |#\ ERS— 30 inches long; good J
y \*"v* * size for average household. $
k Fancy colored Hoops -55 R^ular 20c. Our n A y
Z with star and bells.. £DC p^ c llC I
»0TR£B SPECIAIiS IN TO-DAY'S EXiLMIlTEB AKD CHRONICLE. 4
(L PBIDAY JUTD SATUZDAT- All Day and Saturday Night — Men who I 6
7 can use last seasons Mea'i Soft and Derby Hats in the rainy 7 ,
B weather. We must dispose of all Men's Hats to make room for B
? other goods. They cost from the manufacturer $1.25 to Z.5^ £
9 J4 apiece. Our price while they last 23c and QjC J
I Qi^y I
I 4 4 4 4 I
I tMoret I
[ 4 4 I
I 4 4 4 4 I
a Dates Rates I
1 October 19, 20 Chicago and <£ *?*% CT/\ |
|j 26, 27 ? return y-t g
% St. Louis and C£L^ Kl\ I
h return flvl •\J\J |
I Union-Southern Pacific I
Choice of routes returning 1
8. 7. BOOTH. Gen. Art.. XT. V. B. E. S
1 Montaromery Street. H
Or any Southern Pacifc Agent |
ADVERTISEMENTS. , /
¦ - - -• * • ¦ ¦ *: ? , .'. -' ¦ -.
JJ££)-<- . French Dressing. Ka
AfT .^^frj Materials : —Four tablespioonfuls >T^I^
r^ a g"Si B v /" °f~l/'-j oHve oil, one tablespoonful; vinegar ; ¦¦.
.^ iuL «sCw<^5wW^: or lemon juice, half teaspoonful
~^<^^t^X~^^ sa "' ( l uartcr teaspoonful pepper. r^^
Lea &l Perrins'
: THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
•¦¦v «'¦¦¦¦¦"' •-¦¦'¦•¦¦ .•;''•'¦'.¦•"'¦ - •¦'••/'*•''• "¦ - : - "./ •¦'-"'V ;O ' ' ':'.'•¦"¦' ."-¦/'¦
Seasoning^— -A" simple galadis. so, delightfully '>' improved hy ¦_ the
' addition : of a' tablespbonful of. Lea £& Perrins* Sauce
; •;.; ¦ . that no French^ Dressing should b« sent , to the table
¦\\r':,, ¦;/•¦ " • JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Ajenti, NEW. YORK. lv
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Printing ;
I <1« usy Kodak tfevrtepirr and prlatlr.r
promptly and do tt ff!i. I'm tht leader
In this k'.r.d of work and there are^ooa
or two rood rttnoiii for this. A. trial
order from you will make you ore of my
csatomers.
Developing— Roll «f six. 10c. Ro!I of
twelve, lr.e.
Printt&c — Soli* finish. 3c to Se. Veloz
flnlet:. 3c to Oe.
DAYLIGHT UOADTKO FILMS In all
ciies. I carry the beet on the market.
AKSCO CAMERAS are high trade and
tlway« do rood work. I sell tntza; f2.OO
OP-
CTKO Photo Paper rivet beautiful de-
till and prints by artificial I'.trht. J-
. Caaaeras of all kinds repaired at low
BflOCC
TRT A COXKLINS EEL.F FTLLINQ
FOUNTAIN PEN". 93.OO us>. " -;
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 TTABXST ST.. Opp. Fifth St,
Ban Francisco.
(J visit DR. JORDAN'S criat^
OF AHATOMY^
A Qj> :sniu£xi?sT.trt.fi!t*7&,>.r.c±L0
X CT^ Tt.- 1 linn lnriMcil Ma»s«i la the \
f) — iijLj^ Worid. \Tc*ka«M« cr *njr caotricttit A
• v& Pfs c-»e«e r«r»<l hjr the oldttt T
O #EjtS| S>pee»UK ea ttt Cold hit. 36 ye»r» Q
0 S^Sfe Dft * J3RCAH-DISEASES CF KEN 4
\ l|*U^ Cee^tltuaea fr*c and (trictljr private. \
ft R jy4fl I Tr»«i»«it prneMlijr »r by letter. A &
T S W VI I ftww "»ti m n«j ait tadrniin. T
fir u Ut 1 v nubri«k,rBiLOiurar*r>)
V * g J* mnnucK, maius pkex. (ay
A o 11' ' r * i '-» i ' i « took Im an.) • \
V D8. J o ni) A > A CO.. 1SS1 Mark* t Bt.S. F. Q
fl*^/^^^^^^^^^* <gv <»^^0
y^^|K Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/CT- — i&fe Gli!> KEAB.W ST. r.stabllshed
uJjjCSgRiti IS54 Jorthe treitin^nt of Private
Eali^ v^6wf iy\y>u-et. I>«t ManfiCKKj. T)fb!:ityor
fgffi<v-Seft!iii"'£B<- « farir.iroti iKWlTand mind and
CMMTVJITTu '*•' '" l>:»'-'«*e». The Doctor curuwlifn
/>i*«I?\S}agfg other* fail. Try him. t'lKuRf-s low.
»-»C**?Jb£K3<'' 1 »"^» euaranlrrd. <.\ill or *rrile.
Dr. J. t\ 43IBBO.\, liaa rrarrisco. CaL -
£Zx I [A I /BX Amtnunltloa. Hunting and
R E 1 I & I V" Kpcrtirj? Goods. LAr E est
B-l I f|J itock. Lowm prices. S«n4
1 EB 'Ear ¦ ior catalcrue.
«J| W i « BIIKEVE A BARBER CO..
• 73» Market st. and 521
Kearny rt. .-•
JASTHMANOLAI v
Zs the only car*. for STerroua and
Bronchial AETSUA. •*-."- •
Tour Drurriet or. at ass jiawht st..
fcan > Francisco, ¦ Cai. "; J •
WEEKLT CAJJ*,ii.66 PEB YEAJ&.
premiums
Premiums are given to cus-
tomers of Port Costa Flour.
Attached to each sack at all
grocers is a premium coupon.
Ask your grocer for Port
Costa, the best flour, and in-
sist on getting the coupon.
rOFu v/OSItt
Flour
Is milled from the best 1 of
choice wheat. It is always uni-
form in its high quality^. A bet-
ter flour for all household pur-]
poses cannot be made.
Port- Costa , Milling Co.,
San Francisco
MAUVAIS MUSjC CO;
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASOKf.
MUSIC riNSTRUMEWTi. STRINGS.COPYRIGHT. 19(H, BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WITH THE NEW YORK EVEMING MAIL.
CAPRICES OF DAME FASH ION CHANGE
TH E FIGU RE MEASU REM ENTS OF WOMAN
t THE REASON.
: "A /policeman * arrested a . one-eyed
autbniobllis't^last -night.'' L-'" : ~' ~
...:';what^for?^;";;.~-; ';_:;, ' ; ::¦'¦¦¦' .".•>-"¦
V«VHIs lamp .washout."
HAD ; A- GRUDGE -AGAINST J HER.
;•;. Mrs. ¦Henpeck— Why didn't you speak
to*:-MissiShort?;;->%V- ".\".,-'7.- i'-t* /\ -"
Mr. iHehpeck— She /refused me' Just
befofej I ! married -you.'/ y.^ \ . {
¦; Soubrette^-What' is the difference be
tween; war and"; matrimony ?.-v' '-'"'
; j Comedian-T-Iri war; the^fighting ;. takes
place during i the f engagement-^-in \ mat
rimony it takes place after the engajre
anent. ~ V -;. :., : : . '' \- , : ¦ ..¦"'; '¦ V:''v'- :/•'.
ON THE ROOF GARDEN.
DOG&^-An Old Subscriber, . City.
There is - a law that prohibits "; dogs
from Ventering ¦ ; public { parks : r Tnd
squares in San Francisco. There is no
law ¦ that thereshall be at public parks
and r squares a notice -that' doigs* are not
allowed In such "places. "-\ Owners of
dogs and others' are supposed to" know
the. law jof the city in which. they ; livel
Ignorance "of ' the : . law is T no excuse ; for
"m.': violation r of such. •'•'"•'.•!'; :w ' •-*
EXPECrORA.TION— An Old * Sub
scriber, City. A, law of San Francisco
says that it is unlawful for any person
to expectorate on any sidewalk in this
city and county. The fact that a man
wears a" star .'or ' badge certifying that
he is a public official ; does not exempt
him " from' the'/, provision . of the law.
You are > at liberty to prosecute , such
offender. ' . ..
THE BURGOMEISTER— A. S., City.
The opera,"The Burgomeister," recently
put on in San Francisco, was never be
fore produced . In" that city. ..
'""pHE New York Herald has the best facilities for knowing what
I will happen in the politics of that State. It concedes Roosevelt's
election, while it supports Parker. This means that the Presi
dent is as sure of New York as he is of Vermont. /'
Signs of disaster to Parker multiply; in the political sky. 'Ex
1'resident Cleveland was to have presided over a Democratic meet
ing in New York' City, which was featured as a decisive expression
on that side, but Mr. Hearst, , after 'dining .with Judge Parker; pro
ceeded to denounce personally both«Mr.* Cleveland ' andvMr. Y OXniy.
Then the ex-President discovered that his other engagements would
not admit of his presence and the great meeting is a great default.
Expelling Cleveland, Olney and Carlisle from the party councils
leaves Bryan in^ evidence as the only influence" that \ is 1 active and
places him in the attitude of enjoying a vicious revenge Vverthe
men who left the party on his account; and who are' Icept from'com
ing back by a shower of mud. Thepeople will never trust the Gov
ernment to such a disorganized and incoherent incongruity as the
present Democracy. • : ~
President Jloascvelt should be backed by a Republican Congress,
and California will do her duty and be mindful of her own interests
by sending a solid delegation to support him; * ..
GIVES UP THE FIGHT.
Queries! Answers
Riding a la Mode.
Don a cap, my dearest, . .
Vi sored for. your eyes: .
Wrap up in your queerest - ¦
Tourist looking guise;
Perch yourself beside me;
Off we move— "Choo! chool"
In our wake to chide me i.
Folks are saying "Whew!**
-See those children scatter
From our sudden track! .
Missed that dog? No matter;
Kill him coming back. . .
Here's Jones, sure as preachin*;.
With his skittish gray! \
We'll scoot past a-screeching—
Watch it run away! :
Now we're going faster!.
Did I hit him right? r
Guess he'll need a plaster , ¦
" .When he's due to light. .
There's a cop— I wonder
Why he looks so sour.
'Spects that we're not under'
Those eight miles an hour!
Gasoline and sneezes.
.:', Clangor, dust and howls ;
How the poor cop .wheezes
As his steed he row*ls !,«-¦-
Home again, my; sweetness,
. Let" us disembark.
Viewed In its completeness, >
.Wasn't it a lark! V
jflffBBtt^tr-Brooldyn Ufa.
¦'z Special : Information • supplied ' da&y ta
business houses and public men by o»
Press Clipping Bureau {Allen's), 23$ Cs>
tf orala street Telephone Main 1041, •
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. -715 Market at.
On"} November 1, - 1904. i wOl , be . advanced
10c per lb. Holiday order* received up to
Ifcat data at present pries* v *"~ "'-'¦ • • <
The quantity of water used in the
968. 020 houses supplied'by the metro
politan water companies in 1903
reached .the immense total of 77,133,
114,770 gallons, says the London Ex
press/
It is estimated that the population
inhabiting these houses numbered
6,509,817.
The average daily supply of water
during the year amounted to 254 gal
lons per house and 34 gallons for each
person. -
.July was the month when most wa
ter was used, the consumption reach
ing 39 gallons per head. - In Decem
ber," however,* it fell to 32 gallons, this
being the month when least water was
London's Great Thirst.
R leads the Republican party.
R is the beginning of Roosevelt.
R in the middle of Fairbanks,
R is the END of PARKER.—Phila
delphia North American.
R-R-Rernarkable.
is worn with a gown' of chiffon or il
lusion, preferably white, the jacket
being of some light color. This was
a fashion formerly associated . with
the Grecian bend. But -we have now
the beauty of the mode without its
extreme.
Last season we touched upon the
military. This i. year we have "ar
rived."; But it is the picturesque mili
tary. The directoire is the favored
style, with the high girdle, the flaring
revers and the; so-called coat sleeve,
which, is large ; and loose with deep
cuff, strapped with- gold,, which les
sens the length of 'armi , .
The train has become an "impossi
bility save in evening gowns. .The
wide .skirt does not admit of it on
the street, where it would be a serious,
incubus to the wearer, and an involun
tary street-cleaner_which must arouse
every sanitary; expert in : the country."
: : The whole tendency of the . year is
to color—^not : neutral tints, but those
that salute' the eye with quick sur
prise. All the blues have grown
brighter. Scarlet that, is scarlet is: in
the ; ascendant, ; and the " greens are
THE "NEW LINES" OVER THE
FIGURE OF, LAST SEASON. :
. Miss Cynthia Roche is a connoisseur
of cats. Therefore it was not surpris
ing for her to sell one of her own pets
at the charity fete and have it raf
fled off at $5 a ticket. What added to
the kitten's attractiveness was the
gilded cage in which Miss Cynthia
displayed her feline treasure. It re
flects on the young lady's willingness
to part with it that the cat came back
next day. cage and all, and it is to be
put up again at a supplementary raf
fle for the same charity. — Boston Her
ald.^-' ' .. .. T':i'>-:?: : "-S V;
Cat Came Back.
THE Colusa Sun takes exception to a recent editorial in The
Call in which an effort was made to show the relation between
protection and prosperity.
The Sun says: "We are absolutely astounded that The Call
should admit to its columns such an article. A falsehood, known to
be a falsehood by every man, woman and child in the country, cer
tainly can do nobody any good."
That is rather severe talk. We were not aware that the cam
paign in Colusa had reached such a warm stage. But we are not
dismayed, for, turning to another page of the same issue of the Sun,
we find well-written editorial correspondence, sent en route to the
St. Louis Exposition, under the, caption, "Wealth-making Sugar
Beets," and using the town of Grand Island, Nebr., as its illustra
tion as follows:
"Grand Island, Nebr., is reached and the great four-story stone
and brick buildings are a sight on these plains — a city, a place of
business, all in the center of the sugar beet district. Great wagons
filled with cleanly washed beets are seen on the wagon roads and
lining up at the reception bins of the immense factory. The beets are
tender and white. The quantity is amazing. The busy highways
are filled. As far as the ranging eye can reach little clumps of trees
show where are situated farmhouses and, distances being decreased,
they grow larger and larger as we, pass by them. Herds of cattle,
fat and in great numbers, are seen in all directions. Creameries here
spring up and large hog farms have resulted. The beet here does
not yield so high a percentage of sugar as in California", but being
managed well here, made money kings of those who hold the stock.
The banks are in fine buildings and their business is enormous. The
streets looked like show days, and energy marked the gait of all.
Fine horses were a feature all the way from Grand Island to Colum
bus. Train after train of beets were passing in for miles. The roads
were wet from a recent rain and hauling by wagon was slower than
usual, we were told. The land is not so good as our river land, but
the yield has been sufficient to make a very rich community, where
only a few years ago Indian corn often was burned for fuel, or was
the food of grasshoppers. Beets never fail and they have not had the
grasshopper epidemic that so often followed up "the young grain
crops."
That is a true picture. But not a beet_ would have been planted
nor a sugar mill built at Grand Island had not Republican protection
fostered the industry. The Call is ready to go to a jury and -will
accept the Colusa Sun as a juror.
Chocolate Pie— One cup sugar, table
spoonful butter, one egg, two-thirds
cup milk, two cups flour, one-half tea
spoonful soda, one teaspoonful cream
tartar, pinch salt. Frosting for filling:
One cup milk, one-half cup sugar, two
squares chocolate; boil until thickens.
Grandmother's Cookies — One cup of
sugar, three-quarters cup" of butter, one
cup of buttermilk to which has been
added one small teaspoonful of saler
atus and one-half cup of cocoanut. Mix
all together with flour enough to roll
without sticking to the pan.
Bread Pudding With Meringue — Beat
the yolks of four eggs well, add one
cup of sugar, the grated rind of one
lemon and then mix in two cups of
bread crumbs, one quart of milk and a
half teaspoon of lemon flavoring. Bake
in a buttered dish in a moderate oven
until firm. Cover "with a meringue
made from the whites of two eggs
beaten stiff with one-half cup of pow
dered sugar. Pile the meringue roughly
over the top and color in the oven.
Steamed Bread and Butter Pudding —
Butter a pudding mold and lay In thin
slices of bread spread with butter and
again with Jelly or jam. Beat three
eggs, add a "pint of hot milk and pour
over the bread. Steam half an hour
and serve with a liquid sauce, v This
is better when steamed in cups, as
then even twenty minutes will be long
enough and this makes it ah emer
gency dessert.. . .
"The moral temperament, which de
termines permanently the history of
any community, is given to it by its
women. No nation, no city, no house
hold ever took a lofty place, where
the influence of woman did not inspire
It with the heroic temper. But this
Influence can only be exerted by wom
an to its fullest extent when she shares
the responsibility, and takes her prop
er and fair part in the conduct of the
State which she is to influence.
"Whenever in the household woman
Is admitted to the confidence of her
husband, she can be depended upon
for an household virtues of economy,
of self -sacrifice and purity. It- is only
when' she is excluded from ;that confl*
dfcnce that she sets the example of
selfishness and frivolity."- -¦..'".
, All his public addresses on this sub
ject were characterized by a high re
spect for womanhood. In a speech de
livered at Amherst, Mass., the late
Senator said:
'I believe that the republic will
never reach the lofty ideal of the con
ception of our fathers; it will never
attain the high moral quality, which
will be alike its strength and its
safety, until that qualification shall be
given to it by the help and co-opera
tion of woman.
From his 'first appearance in pub
lic life the late United States Senator
Hoar of Massachusetts had been an
earnest upholder of all kinds of legis
lation for the benefit of women and
had been instrumental in the passage
of many laws which have given to
them better opportunities of education
and wage-earning, and above all he
had been a fearless champion of the
political rights of women.
A strong attachment existed between
him and his estimable wife. When
Mrs. Hoar died last winter, his friends
predicted that he would not long sur
vive her. His long advocacy of equal
rights for women was doubtless made
more earnest by his association with
this noble woman.
PROTECTION AND PROSPERITY.
Senator's Death
Loss to Women
Try Your Hand
at These Desserts
The striking novelty in picture post
cards is about to be placed on the
market by a French syndicate.
To an ordinary pictorial card is af
fixed a very thin transparent gelatine
disk, on which is impressed a~gramo
phone musical record. A hole is
'pierced through the center of the disk,
and the post card can be placed on
an ordinary "talking machine", and
played in the usual way. ,
The musical post card opens up an
entirely new. field for the craze. Photo
graphs of great singers and composers
will be accompanied by extracts from
their, works, pictures of national flags
by the anthems of the different coun
tries, and so on in variety.
Candidates for political honors, instead
of sending merely their photographs
to constituents, will be able to accom
pany them with the phonographic rec
ords of an election address.
Musicai Cards.
The woman of to-day is concealing
rather than revealing. She allurea by
the prospect of discovery. -She buries
herself in flounce and frills. She keeps
you guessing. You,' are as liable to
miscalculate her weight as. you are to
err about her height.
The suggestions of the coming revo
lution that last season's fashions gave
were all tentative. There was a hint
of. the old-fashioned basque. This
year we have the basque itself, but in
stead of, the garment of other : day3 it
has become a little coat 'with yttie
basque" back. ¦ The ~ old-fashioned
basque prescribed \ the bustle, but
otir adherence to the better; lines of
the "straight-front'' has averted J that
terrifying necessity. Tho introduction
of the silk over jacket of contrasting
shade for evening frocks is the . revival
of a caprice of our grandmothers. It
Why? The reasons are not far to
seek. Gowns, are no longer simply
bouffant above. They are trimmed from
the hem up to the knee; they have
widened in scope and flare at the side,
thus foreshortening the picture.
• To get back to first causes, the corset
is the foundation for every new figure.
The severe straight front is no longer
chic. The idea remains, but with mod
ifications. It has become possible to de
fine the waist in front and it is no long
er a social crime to show a suspicion
of the curve immediately below. While
we are still suppressed, we are more
hygienic. : ¦
With the raising of the waist-line
come the heightening of the girdle,
the fullness; of the skirt, the increase
of the sleeveahd the' evolution of' the
cape. It is all a logical sequence. -We
are no longer in the realistic period.
We are grown romantic. Woman has
reverted from the analytical to the
mysterious. The serpentine heroine is
not popular, .hence, there are no
more sheath, gowns that define all the
contours.
uninitiated male mind .she be
comes long or short waisted, sloping or
square shouldered, high or low busted,
without any apparent inconvenience—
a " demonstration that the operation,
whatever It may be, is a painless one.
But she is as essentially different in
each phase as though she had been
born again, says the New York World.
If you study the lady carefully this
year you will find that she . has lost
practically three Inches in length of line
from neck to waist (from eighteen to
less than fifteen and a half inches),
that she has gained fully two inches of
shoulder, and that from , neck to toe in
front she has lost something of that
seemingly interminable line which. was
a- la mode last season.
. - /OMAN is the anatomical cham
1 I / eleon. She changes her measure
\XJ ments with each season. To the
brilliant. Woman is not subtle, she
is merely elusive in her present phase.
It is the odium of party government that in all parties are men
seeking personal success by illicit use of the franchise. They are
callous to every sentiment except the desire to win personal ad :
vantage, though they wreck the law and defy its injunctions. It
was this spirit possessed by just such people that made the ballot
box a refuge of fraud and the city government an association of
criminals, preceding the Vigilance Committee. That body found such
a situation as made a legal purification impossible. The virus had
penetrated every part of public administration, so that a resort to
law was merely the putting of criminals on trial before themselves.
The committee was compelled to supersede the official administra
tion of the law, and when its work was finished it performed a work
of purgation that was long remembered, and the city was fairly clean,
and in its judiciary has remained so ever since.
The Merchants' Association is doing the same work that the
committee did, but not under the necessity of employing the same
means. Largely owing to its efforts, Grand Juries are more mindful
of their duty, and the material composing them is drawn from the
law abiding community. The courts are no longer under bondage
to the corrupters of the ballot and the law is safe in the hands of
our local bench. . It is no longer necessary to supersede officers
elected by ballot frauds, nor to hang murderers by irregular trial
after they have sought to terrorize the town by shooting down citi
zens who protest against public crime. So, while present corruption
is to be deplored, its correction is entirely possible by invoking the
law.
The individual citizen seldom cares to incur the risk of initiating
prosecutions and feels the need of such organized support as the as
sociation is able to give. We believe, however, that Mr. Fairfax
Wheelan has the courage to have gone on single-handed in pursuit of
the criminals, but we doubt if single-handed he could have succeeded
in his righteous purpose. To continue the work he began required
the many-eyed and many-handed" vigilance and the wide and disin
terested work of an organization. All this is furnished by the asso
ciation.
Already both the need and the success of that' work are ap
parent, in the sure prospect that at the coming election offenses
against the franchise will be reduced to a minimum. The willing
ness of leading business men and citizens like Mr. de Young and
Mr. Phelan to serve on election boards is one of the effects of the
association's work. But it must be remembered that the people will
not be deceived into a relaxation of watchfulness by the appointment
of a few such men on a few of the many election boards in the city,
while men who will wink at crime are put upon enough boards to
defeat the expression of the people's will. All election officers must
be above suspicion and then the result will be freed from all doubt
cf being a correct expression of the lawful voters of the city.
THE prosecution of ballot stuffers at the primary, undertaken by
Mr. Fairfax Wheelan, and supported by the Merchants' As
. sociation, has already uncovered a mass of official connivance
in, or indifference to, the vilest crimes against the franchise. The
association has gone far enough to make it imperatively necessary
that the Grand Tui^ and the courts, the police and all officers charged
with the enforcement of the. law, shall act with promptness and vigi
lance in pursuing the wrongdoers to punishment.
The vices that have been disclosed here are common to all large
cities, where there are reckless persons who are without conscience or
morality in matters of public concern, willing to lend themselves to
the schemes of equally immoral politicians. The only difference be
tween San Francisco and other cities is that here we have in
the Merchants' Association a voluntary organization that has the
collective courage and the resources to hunt down the offenders.
FOR A LEGAL BALLOT.
,. Mr.^and Mrs. • Henry Foster Dutton
will f give' 'a fdfnner-iri-Hhe 'red room of
the Bohemian Club on the evening of
October 27. The event will be in honor
of- two coming brides— Miss Katherine
Ostentation was an absent factor at
the nur>tial3 of Miss Katherine Sel
frldge and Lieutenant Frederic George
Kellcnd last evening at the' bride's
home on California street. Intimate
friends and relatives only were invited.
Dr. McClure performing the ceremony.
The bride was attended by Miss Elsie
Dorr and Miss Florence Cole, Captain
Bradford ; serving as best man to his
first lieutenant, both officers .of the
Nineteenth Infantry. The friends of
Mr. and Mrs. Kellond are regretting
their departure from San Francisco, for
their new home is to be at Vancouver
Barracks.
Society lent itself unreservedly Mon
day night "to witness the performance
of "The Japanese Nightingale." The
beauty of • the l Majestic Theater was
•greatly enhanced by the presence of
many handsome women and their at
tractive gowns. The Outdoor Art
League, which has many interested
j supporters, was in complete possession
of the auditorium, and the boxes were
filled with our best known society folk.
Among the hosts on this occasion were
! James D. Phelan. entertaining Mr. and
! Mrs. Frank Sullivan. ' The guests of
| Mr. and Mrs. William Willis were:
! Mr. and Mrs. John Dougherty, Miss
Dougherty, Colonel Jackson, Walter
Scott. Others who occupied boxes
were: Mrs. Lovell White, Raphael
Weill and William Bourne. Another
party was made up of Mr. and Mrs.
: William. Fries and Mrs. A. A. d'An
! cona. Miss Tobin's box was occupied
; by Mrs. M. A. Tobin, Joseph Tobin Sr.,
j Joseph S. Tobin, Miss Fernandez, Mrs.
! dp Hurtel. Through the audience were
| also seen: Mr. and Mrs. Spieker, Mrs.
I George Sperry, Miss Elsie Sperry, Mr.
! and Mrs. Thomas Palache, Mr. and
! Mrs. Ed Newhall, Dr. and Mrs. Morf
! few, Mr., and Mrs. Charles Warren,
| Mrs. J. Martel, James Martel, Madame
L. A. Sorbier, Mrs.' Dalzel Brown, Mrs.
J. H. Jewett, Mr. Sadlier, Miss Everd
ing, Mrs. Vincent Wright, Mrs. J. J.
Brice, Miss Dean, James M. Goewey,
Charles Goewey, Mrs. Lent, Mr. and
Mrs. Wooster, Charles Wheeler, Dr.
and Mrs. Wemple, Charles Webb How
ard, Reuben Lloyd, Miss Katherine
Hittell, Mrs. John Russ, Dr. Raymond
1 Russ, Mr. and Mrs. Will Hammer. Mr.
j Dillingham, Mrs. James McDonald,
i Captain and Mrs. Robert H. Fletcher.,
I Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Mathews, Mrs.
Lovell White, John McLaren, Mrs. A.
D Sharon, Mrs. A. G. Cotton, Dr. and
Mrs. J. G. Bucknall, Allan Pollak, Miss
j B. M. Wilson, John M. Gamble, Miss
I Grace Lewellyn Jones, Charles Wesley
i Reed, Mrs. Charles Wesley Reed, Mr.
and Mrs. A, G. McFarland.
Contrary to the tea-table chatter,
the Twentieth Century Club ! is hold
ing together in a cohesive and amic
able manner, and promises a delightful
afternoon on the 29th at Century Hall.
Mlss Grace Spreckels. who is to be
a bridesmaid of Miss Katherine Dil
lon, will give a dinner in honor of Miss
Dillon on Octoher.29.
To-day's exposition party is com
posed of Mrs. L. L. Baker, Philip
Baker, Mrs. Robert Oxnard, - Mrs.
James Keeney, Mrs. Chauncey Rose
Winslow, Mr. and Mrs. William Hinck-
Mrs. Atherton Macondray, with her
three children, has arrived from the
Philippines, where she has been for a
year. Mrs. Macondray is at the Collier
home, where she will be until the ar
rival of Mr. Macondray.
• • •
Dr. Genthe arrived in New York from
Europe last Saturday. After making
a short stay in Washington and St.
Louis, he will arrive in San Francisco
on October 24.
Captain Louis H. Bash arrived yes
terday from the Philippines. When ha
-was stationed here with the Seventh
Regiment, Captain Bash claimed many
friends who are warmly extending con
gratulations upon his engagement to
Miss Bertha Runkle.
The Ben Greet players will partici
pate in a .Shakespearean festival at
Mills College on October 22. "As You
Like It" will be given In the open air
on Saturday afternoon, leaving the per
formance of "The Merchant of Venice"
for evening, this production taking
place in Llsser Hall.
• • •
AQuiet wedding took place in Oak
land, on Monday when .Miss Wanda
Brastow and Ralph Henrice of thi3
city were., married. After the cere
mony the young couple returned to
San Francisco and told a few friends
of the happy event, at which brides
maids and the usual accessories of a
wedding were dispensed with. Mrs.
HenriCe is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. S. D. Brastow of this city. Mr.
Henrice is connected with the North
German Lloyd Steamship Company.
They will make their home In this
city.
An early morning wedding yesterday
was that of Miss Emily Adams and
Henry Cheever Bowman, taking place
at 9:30 in the First -' Congregational
Church. The ceremony; performed by
the bride's father,' the Rev. George C.
Adams, was one of simplicity, this
feature characterizing the entire event.
There were no attendants, the bride
and groom walking together to the al
tar. A quiet reception followed at the
house of Rev. and Mrs. Adams. Mr. and
Mrs. Bowman leaving in the afternoon
for the south. Their home will be ac
3002 Pierce street.
Dillon, who is the fiancee of Lieutenant!
Emory Wlnshlp. and ( Miss Gertrude!
Dutton. who will wed Josiah HowelLj
The affair will be, elaborate, covers be-l
ing laid for fifty. Mr. and Mrs. Dutton!
also entertained similarly for Miss Dut
ton when she- made her formal debut
last year. J
BY SALLY SHflRP-
THE SMART SET
BEFORE ELECTION: AFTER ELECTION^i^ w.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
¦ • • ~
.1OHX D. SPRECKLES. . . Proprietor
ADDRESS AM, COMMUNICATIONS TO '{_
MillS SIcXACGIET Manager
- ' =
•¦CnMCATTON OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
.. . ' • ' ' ¦
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 19, 1904
THE fSAN^ FRANCISCO CALL; iQCTQBER; 10, llffli.
8COMPANY 'H TO GIVE ENTERTAIN
MENT -AND DANCE. — Company: H,^ League
of the Cross Cadets, will give their annual en
tertainment and dance Friday evening at Na
tive Sons' Hall. An excellent programme has
been arranred.,.! . , , j
RCSH IT. Gabriel Printing Co.. "Print Any
thing." 419 Eacninienfj »t. Nev*r disappoint.*
Victor Painfellow, residing at the
Six Mile I House, was arrested by Spe
cial Officer McCurrie of the
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani
mals. Painfellow was driving a pair
of horses that were . lame. had. sore
shoulders arid appeared starved. Pain
fellow secured ball, and the- horses
were sent to .Brown's stable..Steven
son and Third streets. . '"•.._
Drives Sorry Looking Team.
TTTLIj GIVE BENEFIT ENTERTAIN
MENT. — The non-commissioned officers of
CDxnpasy B, League of the Cross Cadets, will
rive aa. entertainment and dance for the bene
fit of the armory and uniform fond. It will
take place Saturday evening at Richmond
Ball, eor&ar Fourth avenue and Clement
•treet.
The motion made by Attorney Frank
J. Murphy'to set aside the indictment
against Gustave Scherf, deputy pound
keeper, charged with shooting and
killing Rudolph .W. Schultze on Fifth
avenue South on August 24, was de
nied by Judge /Lawlor yesterday. On
Murphy's advice Scherf refused to
plead and the Judge instructed
Clerk Martin to enter a plea of ; not
guilty. The case was continued till
November 1 4 for trial.
Scherf Refuses to Plead.
A stipulation of judgment was filed
yesterday with' Justice of the Peace
Lamson 'awarding the ownership of a
dog, called "!Toss". to Thomas Kulli
jean,. who .was 'sued for the animal's
possession by Charles Courian. The
stipulation iWaVsigneil by both attor
neys of the'two litigants, but Kullijean
complained" that no provision waa
made for the payment of the fees of
his witnesses. He declared that jus
tice had not been done and Lamson
advised him to see his attorney.
Dissatisfied With Judgment.
The accident happened on October
12 at the crossing of Seventeenth and
Iowa, streets.
A Coroner's jury rendered a verdict
yesterday of criminal negligence
against the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company for the death of William C.
Moore, a switchman in the employ
ment of another company, the South
ern Pacific Company. The company
which is blamed by the jury does not
operate any railroads In this city and
county, its sphere of usefulness being
circumscribed within the limits of
Southern California. The unique ver
dict reads as follows:
"We believe that he waa knocked off
train while in the performance of hia
duty by a telephone pole caused by
the criminal negligence of the S. P.
Railroad Co. building their track too
close to said pole."
Some of the witnesses, on the other
hand, testified that the pole had been
erected too close to the track, not that
the track had been built too close to
the pole.
Death of Swi tollman in This City As
cribed to Negligence of Railroad
Not Operating Here.
CORONER'S JURY BLAMES
AX IXXOCEXT PARTY
OFFERS TO SELL SITE
FOR PUBLIC LIBRARY
Agent Says Owners of Western Addi
tion Block 67 Will Take Bonds
as Payment.
John Aubrey Jones, who represents
hJmjelf as age'nt of ,the owners of
Western Addition block 67. ; filed a
communication yesterday with the Su
pervisors offering to sell the block for
a public library site for $647,000. Jones
says that the bonds for a library build
ing would be taken at par to the
amount of $500,000 by certain owners
of the property, which is bounded by
Grove, Fulton and Polk streets and
Van Ness avenue as payment for their,
respective holdings. Among the owners
of the block are: Jennie AI. Hooker,'
Bessie Hooker, Lent Charles Hooker,
B. Katchinski, A. Van der Naillen and
the Sullivan estate^
Santa Fe One Open.
The Santa Fe line is now open and
service renewed to Chicago. Kansas City.
Denver and Eastern points. All trains
are running on schedule and are on time.
Owing to the recent rains the country
traversed is carpeted with green and the
Santa Fe is easily the most beautiful of
all routes East. •->¦ - •
Ex-Pilot Commissioner Injured.
Charles Pratt, a former Pilot Com
missioner, residing in Fruitvale, met
with a painful, if not fatal accident
yesterday morning by being thrown
out of a buggy ; against a lamp-post
at Bryant and Second streets.' One of
his ribs on the right side was broken
and his thumb dislocated. Serious in
ternal injuries ' are suspected. The
horse, which Pratt was driving stum
bled and brought the buggy against
the post with great force. Mr. Pratt
was treated at the Emergency Hospi
tal by Dr. Carl Wilson.
The most elegantly appointed hotel and cafe
In San Francisco. Rooms single and en suite;
64 private baths; phone In every room. Hotel
Clarendon. 543 Pofct st., opp. Olympic Club. •
Ono Item Insolvency.
Jennie Huff of San Leandro. who
gives her occupataion as that of "sec
retary," filed a petition yesterday in
the United States District Court ask
ing to be declared an insolvent debtor.
There is only one item in her liability,
and that ; Is' a promissory note for
$3500 in favor of W. P. Lamb & Co.
of Oakland. . .-.
Many novelties and articles of rare
design will be placed on exhibition in
the various booths. Among the most
noteworthy are two Chinese vases do
nated by a well-known Celestial mer
chant.
Rev. Father Quinn will open the pro
gramme with a few well chosen re
marks. Frank Duffleld is to follow
with a tenor solo and Henry Duffleld
will render a few specialties. A short
sketch will be rendered by Mrs. Quinn,
Mrs. Ed Duffield and James Kentzel.
The music for the occasion will be fur
nished by the St. Brigid's Alumni
Choral and Band.
The ladies in charge of the St.
Francis booth at the St. Brigid's ba
raar, which Is now in progress at the
church hall, have planned a gala re
ception to take place to-night. The
committee in charge of the affair
have completed a varied and interest
ing programme, and many well-known
amateur entertainers have volunteered
their services for the occasion.
Miss Airnes Gorevan •will preside
over the icecream booth.
POPULAR GIRL, WHO WILJ, DIS
PENSE ICDCREAil TO-XIGHT AT
ST. BRIGIDS BAZAAR.
The California Promotion Commit
tee has the names of 100.000 on its
correspondence files, and it is found
that, although" an unusually large
number of these persons have come in
during the colonist rate, yet the num
ber who come to this State when the
rate is not In force is almost as
large.
The California Promotion Commit
tee has received a letter from James
V. Conner, secretary 5 of the Philadel
phia Printing Pressmen's Union, in
which he acknowledges the offer of
the committee to furnish free litera
ture to all who expect to attend the
convention of the International Print
ing Pressmen's and Assistants'. Union
in California in 1905. Many members
will make a long stay in this State,
and thev desire all the advance in
formation that they can secure. This
the committee will supply.
The California Promotion Commit
tee reports that there has been an
unusual rush of colonists to California
between September 15 and October 15
by the Southern Pacific and Santa Fe
routes. The last trainloads of- colonists
to leave on trie one-way route for,Cali
fornia are now en route, the rate hav
ing expired last Saturday.
The total " number of persons" who
came over the Southern Pacific in a
period of three weeks was 14,856, and
it is believed that at least 5000 more
will have a'rrived before the last train
bringing settlers comes into Califor
nia, and probably this number will be
swelled to 7000 or 8000. The Santa
Fe also reports an unusual heavy
traffic, and the number which have
gone over that line will probably Bwell
the total number of colonists for the
thirty days from September 15 to Oc
tober 15 close to" 30,000; or at the rate
of 1000 per day. . - '-.
Last year the time in which the
colonist rates were in force lasted
from September 15 to November 30,
but from present indications there is
every reason to believe that new set
tlers will be coming in. despite the
withdrawal of the colonist rate.
More Than 14,000 Newcomers Enter
State to Stay in Period of
. Three Weeks. :
Suits for • divorce ¦ were filed by
Charles HrClussman' against Sarah A.
Clussman, desertion; Emelinda Fran
cesconi against Lorenzo Francesconi,
neglect; Ella J. Plaisted against Ar
thur A. Plaisted, cruelty; Apolonlo
Guerrero against Cecilia Guerrero, de
sertion; Annie Lewis against Hermann
Lewis, neglect: Lizzie Hardesty
against Frederick James Hardesty,
neglect; Agnes Coleman against Den
nis Coleman, desertion and neglect.
Double-named -and double-faced
was Alexander H. Fitzgerald, accord
ins to a complaint filed yesterday by
May Isabelle Fitzgerald, who asks the
court to annul her marriage with the
man, 'which took place on May 6,
1903. The author of her unhapplnesa
was. also known: as -Frank. Hamilton
Fitzgerald, and he left a wife and
a . large.' family of children in Man
chester, Va., "when , he ' came to Cali
fornia-and won May Ross. It Is /un
derstood that the Virginia authorities
now have 'Fitzgerald in Jail on a
charge of -bigamy.
•-'., Claudia E. Montgomery, otherwise
Claudia Rogers, the chorus girl, suc
ceeded yesterday in having her mar
riage with Robert C. Montgomery,
vaudeville performer, annulled by
Judge '-.Hebbard. She was only 1 5
years old when she married. She said
she did : not give her consent to the
union. . Her first suit for annulment
was pending for" decision before Judge
Kerrigan- when she had it dismissed.
¦¦- Judge Hebbard annulled the mar
riage of Rose and George Combers,
and Judge Mtirasky was satisfied that
the marriage of Mary J. Darby-Grif
fith and Henry J. Darby-Griffith was
void because the man had another
wife living. The second union took
place at Lake City, Colo., August 10,
1895, and Griffith's last address was
786 Lincoln street. Denver.
Divorces were granted by Judge
Hebbard to Ada E. Fowden from Tom
Fowden, who threatened to kill his
wife, child and self; by Judge Kerri
gan to Hartson , Tuttle from Nellie
Tuttle, desertion; by Judge Troutt to
Malvina Schell from Bradford T.
Schell, desertion; by Judge Sloss to
Ella N. Collins- from William P. Col
lins, desertion; by Judge Seawell to
Emily A. McCarthy from David Mc-
Carthy, cruelty.
A suit for $60 a month as separate
maintenance was begun by Edna P.
Collins against Thomas E. Collins, an
employe of the United States Mint as
assistant melter. They were married
on June 1 last, and* she says he de
serted her on September 10. Mrs.
Collins was a widow, and her name
Edna Foster. Judge Graham will
hear the case Friday.
Leontine "\yeber asks the court to
order Albert Weber, a master painter,
to pay her $75 a month separate
maintenance and, $.125 attorney's. fees;
She says he deserted her on June 1
last.
PROMOTION COMMITTEE
?, 0X ' 11EPOKTS OX COLONISTS
Second Effort of Claudia
Eogers Siiccesssf ul — Two
Suits b for Maintenance
CHOKUS GIEL IS FBEE
The golden Jubilee of the Sisters of the
Presentation Order of California was
observed yesterday with beautiful re
ligious and musical, services at St.
Francis Church. The imposing build
ing was decorated in golden silk and a
wealth of chrysanthemums and the al
tars were illuminated.
The main body of the church' was
filled with Sisters of the Presentation
Order, Dominican Order, Sisters of
Charity, Sisters of the Holy Names and i
Sisters of the Holy Family, the latter i
having taken charge of the decorations.
Within the sanctuary were Archbish- |
op RIordan, attended by the Rev. ;
Father Cummins, chancellor, and the \
Rev. Father Mulligan, pastor of St. '
Joseph's Church, as deacons of honor.
The Rev. Father T. Caraher. pastor of \
St. Francis, was celebrant of the sol- j
emn high mass, assisted by the Rev.
Father Piperni, deacon, and the Rev.
Father Kiley, subdeacon. The Rev.
Father McGough was master of cere
monies.
The Rev. Father Philip O'Ryan de
livered an impressive sermon In which
he said:
It is fitting that on the occasion of the fif
tieth anniversary of the coming of the Pre
•entatlon Sisters to California we should give
thanks to the giver of all good glfta for the
blessings with which he has enriched their
efforts and the great things he has vouch
safed to do through them.
Fifty years ago to-day five humble nun» set
foot In this new city. Far from their own
land and from their friends, what hope had
they of laying the foundations, and building
great institutions? But the secret of their
strength was their trust In God, and that
trust was not misplaced; for lo! the mission
was a success from the beginning.
GREAT SCHOOLS ARISE.
Two great schools of learning arose in a
few years and pupils by th« thousand flocked
to their halls. Generation after generation
of young women went forth from their schools
with the light of faith upon their eye» and
the seal of virtue stamped upon their souls.
Generation ¦ i after generation went forth to
sanctify their own homes, to be the Ideal
Christian matrons. Who can tell how far
reaching has been the influence of this great
•Uent work for fifty golden years?
Father O'Ryan then traced the his
tory of the Presentation Order. It was
founded during the penal age in Ire
land by a great woman, Nanb Nagle,
for the Christian education of youth.
Nano Nagle, he said, was the pioneer
of popular education among English
speaking people.
When the call came from San Fran
cisco for teaching nuns, five Presenta
tion Bisters responded. One fell sick
and her place was filled by Mother
Mary Teresa Comerford, who was des
tined to be the leader of the order on ;
this coast.
The struggles and sacrifices of the
Eisters were* # described by Father
O'Ryan. Generous Catholic gentlemen,
he said, came to their assistance and
within two years after their arrival the
great school on. Powell street was open
ed. This was followed , by the "building
of the Presentation School on Taylor
street. ¦
ARCHBISHOP CONGRATULATES.
Archbishop Riordan referred to the
high encomiums given the Presenta
tion Sisters by Father O'Ryan for
their great and untiring work and de
votion, which, he said, had achieved
so much for this city.
It was but a small and poor city
when the Sisters came here, but since
then that band of noble women had
educated many thousands of children,
trained them in the work of life, and,
said his Grace, all this labor had been
done silently and unostentatiously.
The good nuns had received scarcely
any help, but had relied upon their
own efforts.
The Archbishop said it was no dif
ficult matter for schools to give edu
cation when 'possessing all the neces
sary means, but it was difficult work
when there were no means.
The children, said the Archbishop,
are taught by the Sisters to be' pious
and are also taught gratitude.
He prayed that God's blessing would
come down In large measure upon the
nuns. He hoped that they would go
on training little children in love for
God and to serve him. After the mass
the Archbishop gave his blessing to ,
the people and! administered the pa
pa) benediction.
The augmented choir rendered the
beautiful and special musical pro
gramme as published In yesterday's
Call, Miss M. C. Schaefer acting as or
ganist.
The clergy present at the services
were:
Father Collins and Father Prelato. Jesuit
Order; Father Clancy and Father Corcoran,
Dominican; Father Maximilian Neumann,
Franciscan; Father H. I. Spark. Paullst:
Father Clearjr of 8t. Francis Church; Father
Phillips, San Rafael; Father Antonio Santan
dreu, Spanish Church: Father Cantwell, secre
tary to the Archbishop; Father Michael King,
Oakland; Very R* v . Father V. Nugent. St.
Louis; Father Lawrence Eerda, Father Cran
weU, Father CRlordah. Berkeley; Father Red
¦ tun, . Father Xenophoa, Brother Hosea,
Ere tie. Valet las.
GOLDEX JUBILEE: GIFTS.
At the Presentation Convent, Pow- ;
ell street, there was an Informal,
luncheon. The Archbishop j gave the
blessing before and after the repast.
The ladles who waited on . the Arch
bishop's table were Mrs. C. A. Stuart,
president of the Past Pupils' Associa
tion: Miss Maud Kilcommon, Miss
Mary E. McFadden, Miss May G.
Rosa, Miss Alice M. Messmer, Miss
M. Josephine Taylor, 'Miss Odessa A. ,
Gallatin, Miss Lillian Q. . Beaumont.
Miss Ella C. GcuCtney and Miss Anna
G. Williams. *
Among the mothers and sisters who
received the friends at the convent
was Mother Mary Bernard Comerford,
sister of Mother Mary Teresa Comer
ford, the founder of the order In Cal
ifornia fifty years ago. The jubilee
presents sent the Rev. Mother Supe
rior for. the convent were exceedingly
beautiful.
A benediction veil of great beauty
in handiwork and design was the gift
of the Sisters of Mercy, and another
exquisite offering for use in religious
exercises came from the ladles of the
Sacred Heart. . A set of vases ' of rare
design « and color, was the gift of the
Sisters . of the , Holy Names, Tenth
street, and a rich cloth of gold set "of
vestments for celebration of the mass
was the presentation of the; Presenta
tion. Convent, Taylor and Ellis. streefs.
The Sisters "of the :, Holy. _. Family
made the . presentation ; of- Agnus DeL
and a similar and delicately designed
present came* from : the .Sacred 'Heart
Convent. One of the Sisters \ sainted ,
There will be exercises. and an en
tertainment at the Tivoli Theater to
morrow afternoon by the graduating
class of the Presentation Convent.
a choice set of china, consisting of
fruit plates, which was among the
most Valued presents. ' ' -
- As for the reception, it really was
delightful. Among those scanned from
afar were Mrs. I. Lowenberg, I. Lowen
berg, Miss Marie :\Wells, Miss Grace
Spreckels, Mr.: and Mrs. Edgar D.
Peiretto, Mr. and; Mrs. William Greer
Harrison, Consul J and Mrs. Courtenay
W. Bennett, Consul Etienne Lanel, J.
Vogelsang, Miss Anna Frances ~Briggs,
Miss, Anna Strun^ky, S. Ventura, G.
Sheel, Charles Sedgwick Alken, John
McNaught, Mrs. Ernest 8. Simpson,
Miss Ina Coolbrith, Mrs. E. N." Foster,.
C. N. Nelson, Miss Spencer, Miss Gris
wold, Mrs. Laura"; T. Pinny, | Mrs.
Elizabeth Gerberdlng, Miss Ednah
Robinson, T. Franklin, John A. Bride,
Miss Gleason, Mr. and Mrs. M. C- Has
sett, Mr. and ' Mrs. : Frank H. Powers
and loads pr.others— -mostly men, which
bespeaks a;famous_succeas for the new
mixed club. away^ out; here in the West.
This receptio^.- Inaugurates "a .series of
Tuesday! night ft'at- homes" during, {he
winter,. which: promise to i>e good fun.
- As for," Dixon'8 pictures, they^ will be
open to the • public every day and even
ing through the' week— the green room,
mezzanine floor, St. Francis.
Irij all there are thirty-six pictures,
among, which the following are for
sale: ;7"
: ' "Dusk," "The Prayer." "Mesa at
Evening," "Yellow Canyon," "The
Navajo," "Pueblo Girl," "Twilight in
Navajo Lodge," "Edge of the Mesa,"
"Navajo Country,*' "Evening in a Can
yon," "Mesa Land," "Moonrise in the
Navajo Country," "Navajo," "The
Mirror," "Bather," "Study," "Bathers."
.That "Moonlight in the
Country," "Twilight in a Navajo
Lodge" and "The Mesa at Evening"
are among the most alluring. In the
latter lies a tale of resignation— the
Indian pushed oft his happy heritages
to the. hot, hard, pulsing desert, there
to live until death calls him — a kindly
release. ] It is '. in this understanding
of I the desert 'and its denizens that
Dixon shines— and success to him!
The Sequoia has arrived! And thanks
to its clever management; which has
succeeded its clever inception, the club
is an entity— likewise a joy. And it yet
may become a • thing of pride in the
West.
Last night the members and their
friends foregathered (word cribbed
from the invitation) in the club's ren
dezvous-at the St. Francis and spread
into the ladies' gallery and over into
tne_red reception-room ,'• on the mez
zanine floor. Here were ! many green
boughs in brass , concerns on ;" many
tables," .which were gathered
many congenial .wits, notable person
ages' and interested, listeners— and -God
bless. the listeners! ; :..• ¦•.,.. .'. ¦ : .
It was expected that our. distinguish
ed '= townswoman, Gertrude I Atherton,
would be present,. but she was not there
in her. physical, body— whatever may be
true of her astral ; self/ And the dis
appointment thereat was' great. '.-¦:¦'.;
However, : interest : in \ Mayhard : Dix
on's" pictures in the green room o'er
topped any vain regrets, for. here was
something to see: and think about. :.'
.Indians, Indians, j and , yet. more In
dians — dressed, ; half dressed . and un
dressed. And the ; grim: gray waste of
desert, with the turquoise sky stretch
ing away to the end of their world, of
these there are many.
Second Marriage Is Annuled
on Application of Woman
Deceived by Virginian
Sisters of Presentation Order Are Given
Congratulations by ArchDlshop.;
By Sally Sharp.
HAS TWO NAMES
AND TWO WIVES
St. Francis Booth
Plans Reception
CONVENT'S GOLDEN
JUBILEE OBSERVED
SEQUOIA CLUB
ENTERTAINS AT
THE ST. FRANCIS
THE -SAN. FRANCISCO ;CALU OCTOBER 19, 1904.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND SSggg
AN IMMENSE HIT
THIS WEEK AND NEXT
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
AMERICA'S GREATEST PI*AY.
ARIZONA
By Augustus Thomas
ORIGINAL PRODUCTION " ' = » *
SPLENDID CAST
100 — CaialrymsQ and Horses — 100
V. I*. _- . POPULAR PRICES
Coming— Jane Corcoran in Pretty P«crr.
ALCAZAJTHSr
General Manses*.
"The Greatest Stock Company Zr«r aft
tn« Alcuax."
TO-VXO3KT — MATS. BAT. A3T9 sTOTT.
First San Francisco Prodaction of Ctyd*
Fitch's Dsrlnr and Realistic Play,
The Way of the World,
The Automobile Scene! The Soetety Miul-
calet The Christening;! Election Ntfht is
Madison Square!
Evgs. 25o to 79c; Mats. Bat. and Sim., 2So t* SO*
NEXT MON.— H. V. Ewnoad'a Best ComMj-.
——the WTT.riTrsurEaa
Aa played by Miner and *"f't*».
CENTRAL*!?
Market Street. Near Eixhth...Pheoe Booth 8Z3
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS wm.;tf_
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
, CHAMPION O7 TXS WOUS
JAMES J; JEFFRIES
Supported by the Central Theater Stock Com-
pany in Frank Mayo's Frontier Plajr.
I "DAW CROCKET i » |
PBTPFS EVENINGS.... ..10a t*50o
rnllLu MATINEES lta. Ue, 29c, tot
SEE
Three rounds of boxing between JAiCES A
JEFFRIES and JOE KZNNEDI.
October 34— PAUL KAUVAR. .
H. W. BISHOP. Lesse« and ' Mailer.
TO-NIOHT and THI3 WEEK O2TUT.
A JAPANESE NIGHTINGALE
- Matinees — Thursday and Saturday.
Commencing NEXT MONDAT.
Oliver Morosco offers the ecmblned streuitlk at
the orlglnai Ollrer Morosoo and Msjes)
tic Theater Companies) in
WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE
The Cast Include* Amelia Gartner. Elite
Esmond. Georr* Woodward. Harry Meatayw,
Frank MacVlcars and the Regular Ma>sti«
Company:
PRICES REMAIN UNCHANGED.
;-FED.; E^BOX,
The Biorr*ph, Kunrla* "PX3SO»A1n"
And • Spleadid Snow Et»it AXUrwo*
ul Eveatrur ta. th* Tae*Wr.
TAKE A REDE O5T.THI
WHiATtrms xlxotszo -jtaTTimoAn.
SEVEN BABY LIONS D* THB ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MOJtT. > >
Hear ¦ the Pneumatic Symphony Orcheatrtoa-
AMATEUR . NIGHT THURSDAT.
ADMISSION....... 10c I CHILDRSN........S*
When Phontea; Ask tor "The Chuias."
MisCELLAXEOPS AMTJ3EMZ3fT&
OAKLAND vs. TACOMA
at RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and 'Harrison streets,
wednesday. thursday. friday. *:1s
saturday. 3 p. m.
sunday. 2:30 p. m.' ¦¦¦
Ladies free Thursday and fiodat.
Advance sale of .' seats At 8 ; 8tockton ¦ Hmt
WE£ICLY CAIX, §1.00 PES 7S4A
PO5TC31 CEREAL. _^
•*tX>FPEE DOES3TT HURT ME. n
Tales That Are Told.
"I was one of the kind who
wouldn't believe that coffee was hurt-
fnjr me." says a New York woman.
"You Just couldn't convince me its
use was connected with the heart and
stomach trouble I suffered from most
all of the time. My trouble finally
rot so bad I had to live on milk and
toast almost entirely for three or fotfr
years. Still I loved the coffee and
wouldn't believe it could do such
damage.
"What I needed was' to cult coffee
and take nourishment in such form
my stomach could digest. I had read
so much about Postum, the cereal
coffee, but never thought it would fit
my case until one day I decided to
"quit coffee and Rive it a trial and
make sure about it. So I pot a pack-
age and carefully followed the direc-
tions.
"Soon I found I began to get better
and was able to eat carefully selected
foods without the aid of pepsin or
other digests and It was not lone; be-
fore I was really a new woman phys-
ically.
"Now I am healthy, hearty and
sound, can eat anything and every-
thing that comes along and I know
this wonderful change Is all due 'to
my having quit coffee and go\ the big
quantity of nourishment I needed
¦through this delicious Postum in place
of the dangerous coffee and tea.
"My wonder Is why every one don't
give, up the old coffee and the trou-
bles that go with it and build them-
selves up as I have done, with Pos-
tum." Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek, Mich. : . * .
Easy., to prove by ten days' trial
of Postum In place of coffee. ¦, The re-
ward Is big and "there's a reason.":.-
Get Ihe famous little .book. "The
Road to Weliville," ' in each"' packajp*.
j AMUSEMEyTS.
tf^AI 1 1 AfflDI II SX!I r?iicist;o r s
vULyiflDlM wsm ihea»2
MATINEE gfe •
TO=DAY BB*
And A»taln on Saturday.
The greatest musical conredr ever written, '
SAN TOY
•-.''>, . WITH - ¦
JAMES T. POWERS
ALHAMBRA,
Corner Eddy and Jones its.
Every night this week at 8:30.
Matinees Thnrs., SaU Sun. at 230.
SOUSASl
Estelle Uebllng.. Soprano; Jessie Straus,
Violinist; Herbert U Clarke, Cornetlst.
DDTPCC Evenings.. $1.60. $1. T5c and 80c
rKltCJ Matlneea ...$1. 75c and 50c
at Sherroan, CUy & CJo-'s music «tor«
rf— CALIFORNIA— %
AT.Tr THIS WEEIC
HOTTS
A TEXAS STEER
Absolutely' t»ie Best Cast Sine* the
u, • Orizlnal Prodaction.
W1LI* H. BRAY In his original roU
of the Darkey Politician. HARRTB.
EMERY as Brander. MAY I*. STOCK-
TON as "Bossy." And twenty others. <
Including the famous
TEXAS STEER QUARTET.
NEXT SUNDAY— The popular Ger-
man Comedians. MASON and MASON.
as the Burglar and the Detectiv* in
Mark Swan's latest musical farce,
FRITZ AND S3OTZ. •
Exjiilaratingjauileville!
Techow's Cats; Sinon aad Paris; Josepa-
- lne De Witt; Lewis McCord and Com-
pany: Hlckey and Kelson; "A KUrat ia
'Venice"; Murphy and Willard; Juliua
M. Tannea, and Orpsstun Motion Pic-
tures. Showing "Bounding TJp the
Tesvman."
Regular Matlneea Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— 10c. 25c and 80c »
SECOND WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY
Immense Success of the First Production
In English of the Famous Comic Opera.
RASTELBINDER
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
SAME PRICES........... :."... 25e. 30c. I5c
Watch for^ "THE MESSENGER BOY?-
- Last "Appearance of '
THE QEBMAS . COMTTtTAHS
r * And Last . Times of
liiilil
¦ . By - Howard Jacot. . .
A Peerless Burlesque -Admirably Sung and
* ¦¦. Acted.
GORGEOUSLY MOUNTED.
Eighteen Actual , Novelties.
Nl»hU... ....... :....;....... 25c.- 50c. : T5c
Saturday ' and . Sunday Matinees. 25c, 50c
Children at Matlneea... ..10c aad 25o
Grand Orchestral Concert Will Bs Given This
Afternoon on Our 4th Floor— Grocery Dspt., 2 to 5
¦ There Will Be
g-\ . 1 • »v • a •
Somethinpr Dr>i?io*
uon t iviiss it..
Wide Embroideries. Black Taffeta. *
/m r a yard — These Embroideries A _ a vard— All of mtt M.h«ch
3iC «• J»« the thi ns for skirt QZ r guaranteed Sack TwSto
Of) V flounces and corset covers. VllC that sells reirulirlv fir
They are the fine Nainsook 7V * |j ,5 tasnecS toL «t
and Cambric kind; some have pret- tnl8 lo 'Vricef Ifehavl dSSl" »
t-v hi irti-v TMiT»Ami« _.uw __ it,^, f»— *— im» low price* » e na* e none an
r^« • ¦ vSoS ? £££ « ?? n , ' «n«»aally largre business, on thl«
5?r^iiJ^nth«r5^STi.-«^« 0^ 3 / 1 Taffeta and this lot Is an express
scrolls; others are handsome Gul- ahlrjmcnt received onlv vesterdav
pure. Medallion. Teneriffe and Irish 8tll P ment received only yesterday.
Point openwork effects; these Em- . _- .
broideries are worth $1.00, $1.25 and PetuCOOtS.
$1.50 a yard.
... , ~lm*. #>* i *• A11 ot our $2.50 Black
Women s Drawers. Si A\ *?<* colored sateen pet-
- A - These Drawers are made Vl-^tJ Jgjg" *£.,&
r Uffl es an^nl^diTh KSffiSS S^SsSsS
tucks- thev arp wpli MimrtYi 7i<» One style is made with a graduated
iucks. tney are well worth 75c accordeon pleated flounce; another
rnvorf Trt/ite with a double ruffle and Is hem-
V<r*»verc* "wOaiS. stitched. It is One of the best value*
A* f%m At this low price we are we have ever offered. *i-»;
\i% II W offering a beautiful tan
•JJt/e/eJ collarless Covert Coat I j\t*c* INrrf/rinc
with strap back. It has •w«CB V^UrXOlHS.
two pockets and the front has twen- A^ o _ This Is one of the creat-
ty rows of tailor sUtching. It Is \\ SlU est Curtain specials ever
well lined throughout. There are tj)l, QD shown. They corn* In
only a limlted^number of these choicest patterns of real
Coats, so if you desire one visit the Arabian Lace, heavily corded. These
department early. The value of same Curtains can not be bought
these Coats is $9.00. elsewhere for less than $3.00.
Apron Ginghams.
j ?. a yard — We have selected one hundred pieces of these Ginghams and
Mn marked this unusually attractive low price. They come in various
tv checks, in green, blue and brown.
; ¦;,; ; ' . " - '.. * • . _^ | i
f^ ALWAYS RELIABLE j
i* 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
...SPECIAL...
; ....LONG....
I ,,FGX STOLES..
[ UN AN ALMOST
i UNENDING VARJETY
, $25, $27.50 and $30
I The Greatest Values Ever Offered
[ in Sar» Francisco.
DON'T FORGET OUR NUMBER
Palace Dom f AIL T0
? . a U ill wv Bee th t beautiful
j COURT Lounging
ailfl . room, the EMPIRB
UI1U {PhRL'OR. the
V~^LA' : '- 5PALM ROOM/^th«
iirano ;louisxv par.
>"•**"?. LO^and the LA.
' ilkX^iA DIES'^WRITING
jlylotels 1?°^
I T> T3 TT O TJ T? Q FOR* BARBERS, : BA-
• DilU OilLu kers,, bootblacks, bath-
i ..*>"** . houses. r _blUiard tables.
:¦ brewers.'- bookbinders. ; candy makers, canr.ers,
; dyers. ' flour mills, foundries, 'laundries. : paper-
;'.' hane«r».'>; printers.*, painters. c\ shoe .factories.*
! etablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
', ;~ BUCHANAN. BBOS., ' ¦ ir>
> Bnnh Manuf acturera." 609 8acr«jn*nto St.
y"\ IA/.,T. HESiS,.,
! Notary Public and Attorn ey-at-I>aw.
jj Teeth Fluor. Koom 1015, Claus Spreckcts bids.
! * - Telephone ilain y83.TSBBBHaa3
t ¦ Resideat-e.'- 1S02 McAllister sC : : !
; : ', Resident* Telepbona Pax* 5641/
: J :¦• -.,••. ¦--. ¦ :»,- > /. - - «¦¦- ¦ '-.••¦.".•¦..'-•¦.•-.¦-¦.•;.-"•
' WeakJMeii;
Should; use- uam'iana* bitters. -the
Great ¦ Mexican ¦ Reir.eUy : • gives health ' and
" strength to , sexual " organs. ¦•- Depot. T 323 ,* Market. ¦
: ;- ¦¦.'.-¦¦. : ,, . • ADVERTISEMENTS: __ '' _ _
Workers-
Men and women who have to meet ex-
|~" -QJ /. v cessive demands upon .theirTstrength,
ffif^^^ brain and nerves find in .. ; ¦-,
ro'^P^" "^!pj^^^' : 4lli "' ' '^T- ¦ ~ r*AB* HAMS.
refreshment and vitality. It induces
[s^ greater strength, clearer thinking and
)&&?$r8$rrfT\i better capacity for work. -. v
K^(aI«'* ""wSSiS i!/>3 The -pure nutriment of best malt
te^^"^^ 10 *^!^^ ;*"?.:¦ Sold by Druggists. Prepared by ;
Anheuser-Busch Brewing As^'n
WtJBii^'illiiliSr^^'^Sw Devote half-a-day of your World't Fair risit to a trip to /
.'the Anheuser-Busch Brewery. It will repay you.-/* FIFTH « RACE— Four-year-olds and up; on»
mlle^ and" seventy. yards:?" vs.- ' ' - :
Betting., Horse. .Weight.* Jockey. ¦ St.* . % i; Fi n ' 1
. -Even— Aden,%110 ; (Cheatham).V 7^1 2'~1 ns' '
j-Sao,!— Taby^Tosa^SS'fMcMulln)^'^ hf 2 X\t.
12to 1— Pinochle.' 8« (Loague). ..*! ' 2 l v 3 fa?
HAVANA,; Oct. vl-S^The; Govern
riierit{of^Cuba";haS;Cabied
tqTthe ; royal I familyTof , Spain on the
death "of :the""Priricess:6fthe > Aiturla8.t'
Cuba Cables Sympathy, to 'Spain.
>NEW YORK.. Oct. 19.— Fire to-night «e
stroyed the works of the Anchor Rubber Ttr»
Company at Setauket. UI. Loss |2tX>,000.
FOURTH jRACE-^-Three-year-olds - and ""up;
six furlongs;' handicap: ?'-¦':-.¦.¦--'-"*-¦ r _" f.
Betting.^ Horae. Weight. Jockey. - St. .% Fin.
3, to- 1— Commodore, 1 126 (Dugan)re 14 X 14 "
2 to'l— •FtlgtB Favrite.110 .(Dkn) 1 2 U 22
2 to 1— *Mals,ter, 1 12 : (Munro) ." . . . 2 '3 2 .» 3 1 1 \
-.- Time,' 1 :14. Start good. Won easily. Winner
jr.,"C. Milan's '- ch.T e.V (3) -by . The k Commoner-
Hosa Masso." Ice Water - 116, - Jennie » Hughes
82, .- Maf alda : 104, Bensonhurst ' 92, ¦ finished 1 as
named. .'Coupled : as - Gay . entry. ¦ - - - ' ¦ • ¦"¦¦' ' - •
Tennis Officials Meet.'
-There was little 'doing at > the % direc
tors* • meeting , of the , California/. Tennis'
Club last- night. Those}preserit: weref
XV.; S.I MacGavih,) Prank^S.'f: Mitchell;
Dr.;Hill.' Dr. Lovegroye,*Df.:NobIe arid
Charles G. Kuehn.' Dr. ; ' McChesney
was chosen as the\f oiTrthTdelegateXto
the "Pacific'; Coast . Lawn Tennis\*'Assor
elation. : A riuriiber 1'of , ' tournaments
irere^ spoken of for the ladiesV .{X; ***&>"
Fear for Overdue Vessel.
ST. JOHN, N. F., Oct.. 18.—-Appre
hension respecting . the overdue La
brador Line steamer. -Virginia" Lake is
increasing. Besides her crew the Vir
ginia Lake has; on - board' many" men
Crem the fishing fleets.
THIRD RACE^-Flve and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds:- ' . ., , , - . ,
Betting. Horse. Welght.'Jockey. St. «: Fin.
8 to 1— T.i Manklns, 110 (W.Dgn) 3 l'hh 3 .
5 to I— Bob Curt, lai.fDicklnsn) 2 ; 2 % 2 5.-.
10 to 1— K. • Chief.' : 105 (Ho well) . . 5 5 2 a >-i
'>.Tlme," < l:CS.>' Start 'good... Won easily. Win
ner, iT.; A. Gay 4 Co.'s. b.-. s.i by Denevarro-EI
Poco. Sweet: Note : 105;; Matt Wadlelgh 100, Es
sayer 103. $Rfcyme. and Reason! 1C5,' Major Car
penter 105, HHndzor 110,'. Lady Walter 105, Ra
dium 105, Sir Francis II 109, finished as named.
Having gathered everything in sight
that looked good to , him . at' Kansas
City/ • Garnet ' Ferguson shipped his
stable for California Monday ziight.
Secretary Percy "W. Treat wishes to
call the attention of horsemen to the
fact that the. rich stakes of the new
California Jockey Club" close for en
tries on Monday, the 24th instant.
The official announcemertt that Hor
ace* Egbert has been appointed handl
capper and programme maker at Oak
land ; gives general satisfaction among
turfmen. Horace has had" plenty of
experience" arid some hair-lifting fin
ishes may be looked for .the coming
season. • . ' '
per and Programme Maker at
the Oakland Track.
Horace Egbert Will Act as Handicap.
JOCKEY CLUB STAKES
WILL CLOSE OX* MONDAY
'.Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling-
Miss " Manner* •: 109, Lasso 2 1 OS, Whiskers 107 '
Bab' 107," One More 105,' Maverick . 105. Ivernia
102. : Oudon ** 101;.: Kleanor , Howard- 100.* Tribes
100. i Tender Crest 99. King's Charm 08.'
Fourth /ace. ¦ seven furlongs, handicap— Com
modore 12S,, Miss Mae Day. 118. Pretension 110
Orient' 107.. Crime. lOOA Terns .Rod 85. -•, --
U Fifth ., race.^. one ' and a ' sixteenth ' miles.*-sell
ln«r—Burke. : Cochran .' 105.Y Canyon -, 105,v Bengal
100.^ Mainspring J 100,'; Responsive ; 97, • Injrol
thrlft 96, ; Sabot .95. r J =" 's-^', ., ,, -"'/; • 6 !
. ST. LOUIS, Oct. .18.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar track
follow: |jmHfflj[ffl^PJjWMjjp|
First race.: five furlongs, selling— Dotage 100.
Wakeful 105." Nepenthe '105, Lady, Greenwood
105. Pique. 100.- Bessie Me. 100. Dorothy Dodd
100. La Princess " 100." Belle S -10O. .Mamie
Lynch lOQ.rAnnlsquam ' t 100. McJetta " 100. : j -
. Second ¦ race,' "flve ¦ and ; a . half furlongs, purse
—Detest 110, .Ben Lear/ 113, Mac Nolin 114,
Always i Faithful 114.- Laura" Bell, 114,' Blythe
ness 114. Sand "Bath 09,i St.- Flour 09. Trourere
99. Clara Dee 96,*Lady Lou tlti. Jack Moran 9«.
'-•. Third ¦ race, r; one . and ' three-six teenth ! mile?,
sellinr— Golden Llcht 105, Judge iCantrlll. 103.
Birdwood -105, -^ Drummond - 104, Second ¦ Mate
103,* Illuminate 100,"Secundus*,03. George Viv
ian ; 05, » Hucena ' 95. Jollier : 91," Short Cake »1 '
Lemon Girl S8. r -V - . ' , . , wrj-.
DELMAR EXTRIES.
3r>SKCOND RACE— Six furlongs: -two-year
olds:, :.", . ' . . ¦ - ' ¦ ¦ . • '••' ¦/•¦; :,
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey.^ St. ':¦%¦¦ Fin.
12tol— Passive. 05 (Rlce)l. . .... 1,' 1 1 1 h
40 tol— The Eye. 08 (Dickinson); 6 31 2ns
¦ 6 to 5 — Argosy. 10ft (D. Austin) . .' 4 2 Vt 3ns
f.rime. 1:16. Start good.' Won driving. Win
ner, C. S. Schwacker's b. f.'by Lithos-Ccm
passion.: ¦ Ollle ..Burnett- 100. '•. Preventatlve 98,"
Byplay - ICC. . Dromlo* 10C.'. Mellwood . 103,* Miss
Powell 05; Kathryn L 100 finished as named.
-Fifth race, one . mile— William won, :
Ncversiich second. Harbor third.'- Time. 1:40 4
• (Sixth race.Jone 'mile— San. Nicolas -won;
Buccleuth second, Barklylte third. Time.
1:39%:- -.V./:'-.V. :,>¦•-•—*. ¦;•-..;. . ;;:
'¦Fourth race,-* one' and an eighth miles— Alma,
Dufour.won, Braggsecond, Elllott'thlrd Time '
¦ % Second race. , five furlongs— Tyrolean won'*
Alice Platt second, Adare third. ,Tlme'.l':0l4'
_ Third ' race, five and . a half : furlongs— Sir
Andrew : won,' Crescerton ' second," • Eugenia • B
third. Time,- A :O7»4. * Happy Chappy; finished
first,: but was 'disqualified. : - , : • .-..
First race, five and a' halt furlongs — Evaiider
wen. Our Lillie second. My Gem third. Time
1:071.4. ¦ . ' ¦ ¦ - ' " :¦•-•'¦';
KANSAS CITY. Mo. Oct. 18.— As a; result
of Florizel's race at the Elm Ridge track last
Friday " entries of Florizel's owner, '¦, M. ¦ Boas
berg,'known on the turf as Jack Sheehan, will
be refused hereafter, the presiding Judge;an
nounced to-day. Jockey Michaels, who < rode
Florlzel, has been ;. suspended . indefinitely
Jockey Mountain has. been suspended indefin
itely for his ride, on PaclHco last Friday. -To
day's summary: : .. •:. A., .. -,„''. 1 -.; ... i
Jockeys Are Disciplined.
• Track athletes from the various col
leges, schools and clubs are taking
great interest in the handicap meet to
be given by the Pacific Athletic Asso
ciation at Berkeley oval on Saturday.
The college men are in fall" training
while thb "prep" school boys have
been participating in their various
meets for the month past. The va
rious freshmen will have .their, first
chance of testing their strength' and
considering' the fact that there are
some crackerjacks in events there, will
be some* fine racing. , .. . , .r ...-'.'•;
The association is to ¦hold
three or -'. four meets 'during
coming year and * the ' winners' will' be
sent to the! coast championship i meet,'
which will be held at the Lewis, and
Clark Exposition at Portland.' {¦
Among the well-known entries are:
A. D. Plaw, .winner of the American
hammer " throw' championship , this
year; Norman E.: Dole, who holds the
world's pole', vault record; , Channing
Hall, fwlnner of .'the A. A". U.- junior
high jump" championship this year;
John O. , Miller,"; mile champion^ of . the
coast, who . is . attending • Stanford ; Uni
versity; A. A. -Glarner,". the ';. French
champion runner; . Elmo v C." Cope, 110
yard '! champion"- of \ :the? Academic /Ath
letic i_ League ;; Reginald *^ Clifford, ; the
University of California miler, and'nu
«ierous oitiera^^^SSS^^msgM
Track . Athletes Will - Compete.
First race-7-Wakeful, McJetta, An
nisoiam. ,
.. Second race — Ben Lear, t Jack Mo
ran, Detest.
r Third race— Hucena, Lemon Girl,
Drumnumtl.
Fourth race— Miss Mae Day, Crime,
Pretension.
• Fifth race — Canyon, Sabot, . Ingoi
thrift.
Sixth race— Bab, Lasso, Oudon.
Condition of the track— Fast.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
ST. PAUL. Oct. 18. — Bud Brown,
said to be of Chicago, is in the hos
pital in a serious condition as a result
of a knock-out blow received' in a
boxing match with Jim Potts of Min
neapolis at the Amateur Athletic
Club to-night. Brown was unconscious
for two hours, and it is feared he may
not recover. JSSfil
Chicago Boxer Injured.
ST. LOUIS, Oct.. 18.— T Fenian' won
the last race at Delmar. to-day in a
hard drive. : The winner' was at 16 to
1, .but was heavily played. Following
the; race the judges barred Fenian
from all tracks for inconsistent: run
nine. Commodore ran a great' race.
The "weather was clear and the track
fast. Attendance 3000. Summary: ,
FIRST RACE— One miie and 'seventy yards;
.three-year-olds and up:,. •>..: . : -„ . .• . .- .
Betting. Horse, Weight,' Jockey. St. % Fin.
-¦ 5 to 1 — C. Ga*ton, 107 , (Scully) ..24111ft
-6 to 1— Klncstelle. Iu2 (Seder).. 0 2 h2ns
9 to 2— Imboden, 104 (D. Austin) . 4-11^32 '
; Time, 1-A1K: ; Start good. Won easily. Win
ner," D. L. Snow's b. g. (tl) by Prince of Dark.
ness-Mayflower.. Aules 107,; Golden LlghtlO7,
Ora /. 93. Madoc 98, Amberita 96, Banquet 107
Roger Smith 107, , Chapalla 101," finished .as
named. .- .. ••
His Inconsistent Running at St. Louis
, Is FrownetT Upon. .
JUDGES BAR FENIAN.
' SIXTH RACE — Two-year-olds and up: e
mile and eev«-nty yards:
Betting. ', Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1« to 1— Fenian, 92 (Dlckson)... 3 2 h 1 2
2 to 1— Lemon Girl, 93 (Clark).. 8 3 2 2 1 Yi
4 to 1— Mindora, 105 (Emblen).. 4 0 1>3h
Time, 1:47*4. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner,. Rice Bros.', ch. g. (3) by St. Leonards-
Helena. Oudenarde 101. Sambo 114, Avoid 107,
Albany Girl 102. Check Morgan 08, Sister Lil
lian 102, finished as named. .¦
Sprott la one of the most aggres
sive and heady tackles Stanford .ever
developed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 18.
Jack Sprott, who played left tackle
on the Stanford varsity elevens of
J1902 and 1903, will again join forces
with the cardinal squad this season.
On account of injuries received in the
Stanford-California game of last year
Sprott was unable to keep up his
studies properly and was granted a
leave of absence for one semester on
condition that he would not take up
football when he returned to college
this fall. His scholarship since his
return has been of such a grade as to
warrant the university authorities in
-releasing him from his promise. Dr.
C. II. Gilbert, chairman of the schol
arship committee, gave Sprott permis
sion to-day to again don his mole
skins and the husky veteran appeared
on the gridiron this afternoon for the
first time. He was roundly cheered
by . the rooters. '^ s-
Cardinal Left Tackle for Two Seasons
la in Training. «
Fifth rate, one mile, r selling— Silvermeade' 01
Seven Oaks 91? Bobby Lund 01,^Docile 02 Polk
Miller 03, Annora J 06. Cohasaet 06, Mlngore
96. Nannan 06, St. Blue 97, Mattie Spencer 105
1 Sixth . race. • Hve and a half; furlongs— -The
Reprobate 100. Simplicity 100, Dr. Leggo loi.
Michael. Byrnes HXi, Jake Sanders 103 Colonel
Ruppert 10S. Capitano 108. ; ; .. . .,
Fourth race, one mile, selling — Idle 9T' Peter
?«, 98>^ H , ct L1°- Scotsman 100. Alice Commoner
101, Columbia Girl 102, Harney 103, Federal
105, Bluemlnt J03. Burning Glass 106, Celebra
tion 1C7, Floyd K 10S. _ . °
Third race, six furlongs, puree— New Mown
Hay 97. Rusk 100, Emperor of India 100 Sunny
Shore 101, The Crisis 101. Mayor Johnson 101
Don Domo 102, Nannie Hodge 102, Frontenac
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Arab 100, Foxmead 100, Berry Wnddell
100,. Rowland. 103. Royal Arms 105, O'Hagen
!<>5, Santa Teresa 105, La. Chaperone 105 Voili
100, Barkelmore 108. Sarilla 110, Avenger 113
Dutiful 113, King's Court 115.
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Harura Scarum 96, Wabana 06." Kaviana OR
Miss Gunn 06, "Lydla Meadors 101, Jolly Witch
101. Green Ro*e 101. Sly Musette 101, Annie
Alone. 101.
CHICAGO, Oct. 18. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Worth track
follow: VV-
WORTH ENTRIES.
PORTLAND, Oct. 18. — The dramat
ic editor of the Oregonian reported to
day's baseball game for his paper with
the following results: Ike Butler's
flret day as manager of the Portland
ball team was a glad one for the ex
ponents of cellar baseball, who wol
loped the visitors all over a mucky
field to the tune of 3 to 1. Things
looked drab when the game was
called at 3 o'clock. The grand stand
was a cave of gloom, tenanted by a
. few haggard specters. The first In
ning was as exciting as a W. C. T. U.
meeting. The lost Lenores out in the
morass played roly poly with a muddy
ball, while sounds id chattering teeth
were substituted for applause.
Inning two. Enraged by epithets
from the coacher's box and desperate
with cold the local talent made two
runs. All innings until the sixth were
the same as inning one.
Inning six. Iberg scored. All sub
sequent innings until ninth same
cs inning one.
Inning nine. Meany scored on a
two-bagsrer. The score:
Portlaed — J E*a Francisco —
AB.R- H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Drnan,cf-4 0 2 0 0'VnBn.lb 4 0 18 0
Hollnd.rf SO11 0 Hldbnd. If 30020
Nadau.lf 4 0 11 OjWaldn.cf 4 0 0 0 0
Beck. 8b 2 0 O 2 0 Meany. rf 3 11 1 o
Mr*hl,lb 4 1 1 1« O.Irwln.ab 4 0 ail
llckif, Ei 4 1 1 1 8 And£n.2b 4 0 0 5 3
Fpencr,2b 4 0 12 C Gchnr.es 4*0 11.0
FUsr.aa.Nc 4 0 2 8 1 Wilson, c 4 0 1 & 1
Iberr, p. S 1 O 0 4 Earber.p 3 0 0 13
Totals. 31 8 9 27 16) Totals.33 ~1 ~7 24 ~8
RUNS AKD HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland -020001 0 Ox 3
Base hits O 3 1 3 1 Jo O x 8
Eaa Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1
Eaae bits 0,1. 11 0-1 2 l 0—7
SUMMARY.-
Eftrned runs— Portland 2. Bases en balls
OS Barber 3. Struck out — By Iberg 4 by
Barber 5. Two-base hits— Nadeau. Drennan.
Left on bases — Portland 6, Ban Francisco 7
Hit br pitched ball — By Iberg 2. Double play
— Runkle to Snencer to Steelman to Marshall.
Eacrlflee hit— Beck, Time of came— 1:50. Um
pire — Brown. HVmB&HflHflh
Baseball Game at Portland.
Dramatic Critic Writes Learnedly of
Time, 1:48%. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner,' W. D. Stringer's b. '; h. (5) by Athellng-
Ulsle. Burke Cochran , 98, Sam Craig- lol.
Flora Willoughby 98, Lady Strathmcre U8, fin
ished as named.
MANAGER BUTIiER'S DEBUT.
New York Morning. Telegraph.
First race — Lady ' Amelia, Israelite,
Ascension.
. Second, race^ — The Southerner, * Clo
verland, Glisten.
Third race — Diamond, Thirty-Third.
Belligerent. . A
Fourth race— Hamburg Belle, Dolly
Spanker, Ormonde's Right . . •
\_ Fifth race- — Bella Slgnora, Campo,
Long Days. "i >
Sixth race — Water Pansy, Spring
Silk, Mae Hanlon. . ,
Condition of the track — Fast. "
JAMAICA SELECTION'S.
A. municipal court warrant was
granted later for the arrest of Walcott
on a charge of manslaughter.
While the' police accept Walcott's
story that the shooting was entirely
accidental, a systematic examination
of those present at the dance in the
South End last night, where Hall was
killed, was started to-day by the au
thorities.
BOSTON. Oct. 18. — Technically un
der surveillance on the charge of
murder;. Joe Walcott, the negro .pugil
ist, was still at the City Hospital to
day, suffering from pistol wounds in
his right hand, self-inflicted, he de
clares, during an accidental discharge
of his revolver, which resulted* in the
killing of Nelson Hall, another negro.
Walcott's hand is badly shattered and
amputation of several fingers may be
necessary'. . '.'•* > <
Walcott Under Arrest.
SIXTH: RACE — Six furlongs; maiden two-,
year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
15 to 1— Ascot Belle. 109 (Martin) 7 3 1 1 •%
4 to 1— Bill Bailey II, 112 (Rdfrn) 2 12 2 Mi
7 to 2— Yeoman. 112 (HilJebrand) 5 4h 35
Time. 1 :16. Start fair. Won driving. Winner,
S. S. Brown's ch. f. by Esher-Amy Davenport:
My Buela, Kassell, Witchhazel, Supreme
Court. Roderick Dhu. Salt and Pepper and Only
'One finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Missing Link, 104 (Shlng) 9 G h . 1 4 ,
12 tol— Viona, 103 (Ollphant).... 7 4 2 2 3&
7 to 1— Rudabek. 103 (Cochran) ..2 2 3 3 h
--Time. 1:14. -Start fair. Won easily. Winner,
H. J. Morris' ch. f. by Isldor-Laudeman. Fun
nyside. Topic, Olaf, Fickle, Tol San, Juvenal
Maxim. Ballycastle. Fernock, Sourlere, .Va
gary,. Piquet and Parkville finished as named.
'Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards,
maidens— Thespian 110, Spring Silk 110. Sll
verfoot 110, Water Pansy 107. Step Away 107,
Sir Ship 107, Nult Blanche 107, Maie Hanlon
107. .
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds — Sunray 110, Apple Blossom 110,
Lons Days 110. Hyacinth 110, Floralia 110,
Campo 110. Woolnala 110/ Annie Russell 110,
Inspiration 110, Raiment 110, Bella Signora
110, Sumatra 110. Delusion 110, Mettle 110.
Fourth race — Southampton handicap) one and
a (sixteenth miles — Hamburg Belle 121, Dolly
Spanker 114. Pulsus 114, Ormonde's Right 112,
Orthodox 100. Wotan 100, Sonoma Belle 95,
Ocean Tide 00. (Ormonde's Right and Ham
burg Belle, Paget entry.) <-.
Third race, flve and a half furlongs, selling
—Diamond 110, Blue Coat 107, Jennie McCabe
106, Belknap 103, Bert Arthur 102, Dazzle 102,
Combustion 102, Tarpon 102, Belligerent 101,
Thirty-third 100, Belle Sauvage 99, Clover
Hampton 99, Flinders 99, Shannonslde 94,
Conjure Gal 94, Merces 94. '
First race, six furlongn, handicap — Re
liable 130, Lady Amelia 98, The Huguenot
110, Jake 110, Ascension 109, Israelite 95, -New
York 95. (Reliable and Amelia, Thomas en
try.)
Second race, one and a quarter miles, sell
ing — The Southerner 100, Bar le Due 102,
Stonewall 101, Cloverland 101, Glisten 97, Bev
eriy J>9, Midshipman 93, Thistle Heather 9»,
Briarthorpe 90. • .
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— The entries
for to-morrow's races ! at Jamaica
track follow:
JAMAICA EXTRIES.
SPROTT TO TLAY AGAIX.
attempt at a field goal from the thirty
yard line and Force turned the trick
as prettily as ever did little Hudson of
the old Carlisle outfit.
Gray kicked .off to the .visitors*, five
yard line. and Northrop came back fif
teen. After an Ineffectual attempt to
pierce the California center, Multno
mah kicked to the Blue and Gold fifty
yard line. Kern caught the pigskin on
the fly and ran between the goal posts,
but as he had swerved over the side
line two yards from the goal the ball
was brought back. This sixty-yard run
brought the spectators to their feet and
Kern received the wildest applause. On
the next play he made the touchdown,
but Force failed on the goal.
After the next kickoff. Kern, Mead
and Boynton went through their" op
ponents at will for all kinds of gains.
Finally Bovnton went through center
for four yards and made the third
touchdown. Force kicked the goal. The
line-up waa as follows:
California. Position. Multnomah.
Heward L. E. K Darling
HfitmuMer L. T. R Gatilt
Gray L» G. R Pratt-Carlson
Stroud Center....... Grieve
Stern-Haftey R. G. L S?elry
Force R. T. L Row
Elliott It. E. L Johnson
Kitrelle Quarter Kerrigan
Graves- Kern Right half Horan
White-Mead Left half.... Dolpn
Lasater-Boynton ....Full Northrop
Referee — Hamilton. Umpire — McFadden.
Timers — "\Pete" Smith and Powell. LJnesmea.
— Muma and Ballentlne. Halves — Twenty min
utes. Score — California 20, Multnomah 0.
' . Kern and Mead went in back of the
line for .California and made fronvflve
to;twenty. yards at a* clip through^ the
center and around the ends. " The home
eleven was getting close '. to the enemy's
goal ;, when > the \ pigskin -was , fumbled,"
Kitrelle grabbed it and then California
was penalized "fifteen" yards' for fallow
ing the quarterback to run with' the
ball." The ..team'; then" lined • up " for an
KERX'S SIXTY- YARD ; RUX.
Multnomah kicked off and California
punted back to center after the first
down. Elliott nailed the first runner
back of the rush llne^ Northrop made
fifteen yards around the. Blue and Gold
left- end on the next piay. Here the
home team held four downs. Heltmil
ler immediately punted forty-five
yards. The visitors made "fifteen yards
on line plays and then lost the ball on
a fumble. California fumbled twice
arid lost the, ball on downs. 1 Mult
nomah worked the bait up 'to. Cal
ifornia's forty-yajd line, on' line
plays and then Horan was forced to
punt. The pigskin sailed up to the Blue
and Gold , ten yard line where Graves
made a fair catch. The ball was kicked
back to center. W-ttj
Honors were even until the half was
over, although Kerrigan of Multnomah
made twenty yards on a quarterback
run a few moments before the end.
•"After the intermission the .Blue and
Gold began to get alive to the necessity
of doing something. Gray kicked near-*
ly to the goal line and Northrop of the
visiting eleven was downed two feet
from the' scoring point. Horan punted
out of immediate danger, but Lasater,
White and Graves; commenced to find
holes . in the .opposing line. The ball
was carried right up to the goal again
and Lasater went - through for the
touchdown. '. Heitmuller, in attempting I
to kick 'out, sent the ball over the;
heads of his team and the chance for!
the goal was lost. - . » .
The " Multnomah team, which was
beaten so easily by California, played a
tie game with Stanford a week ago.
A comparison of scores brought de
light to the. football enthusiasts of the
State University. None of them seemed
to reflect that Lanagan plays-twenty
five men in his practice games and
Hopper only fifteen in his.
The California team that played
Multnomah yesterday is at least a
touchdown better than the average
eleven that played the same outfit at
Palo Alto, but that is not a faint indica
tion that fourteen men who may play
with" the Blue and Gold in the cham
pionship contest are better than the
same number of Cardinal huskies who
will be on the opposing side before
the battle is finished.
The bright, particular star of yester
day's game was Kern of the Califor
nias. He made tremendous gains
around the end and through the line
and kept his feet like a veteran after
being tackled. Lasater at full demon
strated the proper way in which to dig
into the line and at present is good
for more substantial ' gains" than is
"Jim" Weller of Stanford.
XO SCORE' IX FIRST HALF.
The University of California football
team had things all its own way with
the Multnomah eleven yesterday In the
second half' of the game at Berkeley.
Three touchdowns, a. goal and a goal
from the field were secured with ease
after the visitors had lost heart and
got on the toboggan. The contest was
as slow as a funeral dirge in the first
half and neither goal was at any
time in danger. The Blue and Gold
commenced playing football after the
intermission and the spectators then
began to get some enjoyment out of the
struggle. #
W. L. Pet. t ' W. L. Pet.
Tacorr.a 47 27 .«35»Oaklsnd 37 37 .50<»
Lo» Angeles. XX 31 .5T.ri?an Fran 32 -42 .432
Seattle 89 S7 .MS | Portland 28 47 .373
SEATTLE, Oct. IS. — Seattle bunch
ed fielding errors and errors of judg
ment to-day, but left out the hits
when they would count. Ross, in left
field, made a phenomenal running
one-handed catch in the fifth, follow
ing another brilliant catch close to
the fence that put Seattle out of the
running. He simply robbed Mohler
and Frisk of doubles. Gray out
pitched Boyle, but it must be said in
justice to the latter that everything
broke arainst him. The score: -
Seattle— 1 los Angeles—
AB. R. H. P. A.! AB. R» H. P. A.
Ver.Hn.cf 5 0 10 1 Brnrd.cf 5 4 2 3 0
Mohlr.Cb 5 2 12 3 Chase.2b 3 0 2 4*5
Bkshp.lb 4 0 1 14 OJ.HmWb 4 0 2 1-0
Frisk,lf 5 0 11 OCrvth.rf 4 0 10 0
Leaiiy. c. 4 0 0 5 jiBn<hr,lb 4 0 0 9 0
4 110 0Toman.« 0 12 3 6
Mahcn,3b 4 0 2 0 2) Ross. If 4 116 1
Hall. M 4 0 1 3 C Spies, c 6 1 1 2 O
Boyle, p 4 0 1 2 2 Gray, p 5 2 1 0 - 3
TotaJs.S9 S 9 27 151 Totals. 33 » 12 27 15
RUXS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
BeattH 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0—3
Base hits 1 1 002301 1—9
Vo» Ar.r- If s 1 30 00 2 0 2 1 — 8
Pace hits 0 3 1103 03 1—12
SUMMARY.
Error* — Mohler (2). Blankenshlp, Leahy, Ma
hoa. Hail, Bernard, Chase, J. Smith (2), Cra
vath. Toman. Rora. Stolen bases — Spies. Sac
rifice hit — Ctavath. Two-base hit— Chase.
Double plays — Blankenship (unassisted); Rosa
and Toman. Hit by pitched ball — Chase <2),
Ross. Struck out — By Boyle 3, by Gray 2.
rass-d ball — 6pJes. Time of game — Two hours
3 minute*. Umpire — McDonald.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Multnomah Football Eleven Suffers
Defeat on Gridiron at Berkeley. .
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, the Hunting
ton Stakes; selling: ,,- i i . .. .¦¦¦.-,-•!?-
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey.- St. % Fin.
. 3 to 1— Auditor. 100 fCrlmmlns). 4. 6 1%
3 to J— Et Tu Brute. 105 (Olipht) 1 2 1 2 h . *
12 to C — Monet. 103 (Travers) 3 4 h - 3 h
Time. 1:13. Start fair. Won driving. Winner,
S. S. Brown's ,b. c. by " Esher-Alcestts. Sey
mour and Scotch Plume finished as named. .
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap; for all ages: '
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 1— James F., 116 (Wonderly) 2 4 lVjl ?4
1 to 2— Rap. Water.126 N (Shaw).. 1 1 1 V- 1 . Vj
20 to 1— Proceeds. 103 (Conners) . . 3 3^31
Time 1 :4S. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. P. Gallactier's b. g. by Herald-Jennie K.
Brigand, War Whoop. Hello, finished as named.
VICTORY FOR BLUE AND GOLD
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Floral King. 98 (Nicol). 3 14 14
18 to 5— ~Brancas. lift (Dominick) 1 2 n 2 5
30 to 1— Triumvir, 99 (Johnson).. 4 3 V, 3 3tf
Time, 1:39 3-5. Start good. Won cantering.
Winner. H. Gardner's br. e. . by Glganteum-
Rosa Reglna. £hawana 107, Friendless 97,
finished as named. - -
FIFTH RACE>- Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse: ¦„¦¦'-¦ ¦¦' ¦ •- . - ' '
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. .St. ' % Fin.
16to5 — Subtle. 1«3 (Robbins).... 1 1 h. -1 2%
13 td 5 — The Belle, 110 (Smster). . 3 2 1.21
9 to 1— Monte, 108 (Nleol) 6 7 4 35
Time, 1:01. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, S..W. Streett & Co.'s b. f. by Ben Strome-
Craftl?. Flaxman 113, Broadway Girl 100, Jade
1C0, Angelotta 103. Peach Bloom 100, finished
as I named.
SIXTH RACE— rOn-e and an eighth: miles;
four-year-olds and up: selling: • '
Bettlns. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *; Fin.
0 to 1— Gienwopd. 101 (Foy) 1 25 14
!>to5 — .TinKler. CS (Shaver) 5 3n 2n
15 to 1 — Reckoner, !>8_ (Hoffman). 2 lh .12
Time 1:55 2-5. Start good. Won easily
Winner.' H. McCarren Jr.'s ch. c. by St. Leon
ards-Glenfalry. Bard of -Avon 08. Prosador
100. Wing Dance 103, Paramount 105, Rabunta
08, finished as named. :.Vi,->.-
WORTH SELECTIONS.
• ' By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Annie Alone, Kaviana,
Sly Musette.
Second S race — Barkelmore, Arab,
Dutiful./: , •¦.-. ...
Third race^Froritenac, Rusk, May
or Johnson.
Fourth race— Idle, Floyd' K, Fed
; Fifth race — Docile, St. Blue, Sil
vermeptle.
Sixth race — Simplicity, Colonel Ru
pert, Michael Byrnes.
Condition of the track— Fast.
Seattle Bunches
Errors but Fails
to Group Hits
THIRD RACE — One and an eighth miles;
four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
40 to 1— Lou Woods. 98 (Johnson) 5 4 1 1 nk
13 to H-Scortlc. 08 (Watson) 3 5 5 2 1
10 to 1— Clausus, 105 (Morrison). 4 2 % 3 h
Time, 1 :53. Btart good. Won driving. Win
ner, C. K. Burdeau's b. g. (5) by Golden
Garter-Alesia. Barkelmore 101. Carat 106. Ben
Chance 100, The Way 106, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey.. St. % Fin.
IT to\l— Tom Maybin,122 (Trxler) 2 * Vn 1 nk
0 to 2— Flaunt, 119 (Nicol) : 6 7#,2h I
4 to 1— The Musketeer. 122 (Hel) 8 1 nk 3 nk
Time, 1:09. -Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. M. D. Miller's ch. c. (4) by Lord Ester
linz-Welcome. : Good Man 10», I. Samelson
117, Corblefs Boy 119, Julia Junkin 114, An
gelo 114, Jove 122, Bonnlellthe 114, Flying Girl
114, Mattie Spencer 119, Wlnesap 114, Hudson
119, Tillo 119, finished as named.
NEW YORK, Oct 18. — "Young
Corbett" and Jabez White, the English
lightweight champion, were matched
to-night to meet the first week in
January for $5000 a side. The men
will weigh in at 135 pounds at the
ringside. The exact date and place of
the fight will be decided later. The
club offering the best Inducements will
secure the match.
Corbett Meets White In January.
It was stated after the fight that
Johnson fought as he did to-night in
order to demonstrate that he was en
titled to consideration by Jeffries.
Johnson's manager stated he would
issue a formal challenge in behalf of
Johnson at once to fight the cham
pion of the world.
Manager' McCarey of the Century
Athletic Club announced that he
would offer $15,000 guarantee for a
match between Jeffries and Johnson,
the battle to come on! here some time
this winter.
Johnson showed to great advantage;
He showed a willingness to mix it at
all times, which is something he has
avoided as much as. possible In" his
¦previous battles. His" terrific punches
soon had his heavier opponent in dis
tress.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 18. — In a
whirlwind fight, which lasted less
than two rounds, Jack Johnson, the
colored heavy - weight champion,
knocked out Denver Ed Martin to
night at Hazard's Pavilion. The fight
was ' fast while it lasted. Martin
started to force the pace, and did some
fast sparring, but whenever they came
together Johnson sent in terrific body
blows. Martin went to his knees twice
in the first round. In the second
Martin started the fighting with a
straight left to the face,* but got a
hard right over the heart; which put
him down for the count of seven. He
got up and rushed acain, and again
went down from a left in the stom
ach. 'He arose at the count of six
and immediately got a right to the
body and a left to the jaw which put
him out
Denver Ed Martin
Is Knocked Out
By Jack Johnson
- Now that, all obstacles have been re
moved Britt and Gans are training in
earnest for their forthcoming meeting.
Gans went through a severe course of
training for his match with Walcott, so
that he has a* good foundation on which
to build up his formidable fighting
muscles.
He has settled down to the hardest
of work at Shannon's .Villa for his com
ing battle with Jimmy" Britt Hereto
fore Joe has taken' things easily, but
yesterday was a strenuous one for. the
man from Baltimore.
He was up bright and early and took
a fourteen-mile Jog - to Corte Madera,
accompanied by Trainer Billy McDon
ald and Kid Sullivan. He returned
perspiring freely and was given a stiff
rubdown. »
In the afternoon he spent an hour
in the gymnasium, punching the. bag,
skipping the rope and shadow fighting.
Joe will start boxing to-day and will go
a few rounds with Kid Sullivan and
Rudolf Grossman, ' who will be his
sparring mates during his siege of
training. Both boys are clever and will
keep Joe busy.
.The . question of making 133 pounds
ringside does not seem to worry Gans
or. his trainer. McDonald says Joe
tipp'ed the beam at about 138 pounds
yesterday morning, and will have no
trouble making 133 on the night of the
fight.
Gans says the climate of Marin
County is • excellent for reducing. He
maintains he will enter the ring weigh
ing 133 pounds, and will be strong at
that low notch.
- Jimmy Britt is once more settled
down at his lucky training quarters,
Croll's Alameda, and is sub
sisting* on the strength-giving meals
prepared\by Mrs. J. G. Croll, wife of
the proprietor, who has cooked for
nearly every celebrity of the arena.
Time — 2:07, 2:lS>i
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Oct. 18.— C. K. G.
Billings' Lou Dillon, the champion
trotting mare, went down to defeat be
fore Major Delmar, owned by E. E.
Smathers, to-day, in the third and last
contest for the Memphis gold cup. the
feature race of the opening day of
the fourth annual meeting of the Mem
phis Trotting Association.'
After sustaining a terrific pace to
the three-quarter pole in the first heat
of the contest it was apparent the
mare was in bad condition and she was
pulled up, Major Delmar winning in a
jog. Despite a critical examination by
veterinary surgeons, who pronounced
the mare affected by an ailment
known to horsemen as "the thumps,".
Lou Dillon was again brought out on
the track by Mr. Billings, and a'galnst
the advice of the veterinarians he an
nounced that as a matter of form he
would start the mare in the second
heat. Major Delmar rounded the course
In easy time, Lou Dillon going at a
slow trot. Mr. Smathers, representing
the Xew York Driving Club, becomes
the permanent owner of the cup. Re
sults:
Diamond handicap, 2:01 trot, (2000, two in
three— Sweet Marie won two straight heats in
2:04%. 2:00. Dr. Strong, Snyder McGregor.
Alexander. Jim Ferry, Hal Fry and John Tay
lor also started.
2:19 trot, J200O. two In three — Oak Blossom
won two straight heats in 2:13H, 2:13. Lo
rone. Getaway, Princess, Jessie C, Betsy Ford
and Polndexter also started.
2:10 pace. $1000. two in three — John-M won
the third and fourth heats In 2:03%. 2:03^.
Dan R won the first heat in 2:02. Gallagher
won the second heat In 2:06. Nathan Straus
and ,l>ariel also started. . . ¦
'; Memphis Gold Cup. free-for-all trotting, to
wagon, amateurs to drive, two in three: .
Major Delmar. b. g. by Delmar, dam Ex
.pectatlon (Mr. Smathers) l l
Lou Dillon, ch. m. by Sidney Dillon (Mr.
Billings) 2 2
King of the Trotters
Lords It Over
the Queen.
CHICAGO, Oct. 18.-^Long shots rout
ed the talent to-day at Worth. .The
cream of the lot came in the third race,
when Lou Woods, the longest shot In
the race, at 40 to 1, won by a neck from
Scortic, at 12 to 1. Scortic, in jturn,' beat
the 10 to 'T shot Clausus a length. It
was anybody's race 100. yards from the
finish, with the field bunched all the
way to the wire, where Lou '.Woods' got
up on the inside and poked his neck in
front of Scortic. The latter closed with
a wild rush on the extreme outside and
beat out Clausus a length for the place.
The time, 1:53, was considered a Joke.
The track --waa lightning* fast, 'the
weather clear \arid hot , and ' the attend
ance fairly good, with no at
tractions. Summary T '
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
selllns: .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey, St. »i Fin.
9 to 1— Green Gown, 105 (Morsn) 4 13 12
3t» to 1 — Harpoon, 108 (Robbins). 2 61 2h .
15 to 1— Pancreatls, 100 (Hofftnn)ll 9 5 3 nk
Time, 1:13 3-5. i Start bad. Won easily.
Winner, -W. O. Joolin & Co.'s br. f. by Pon
tlac-Hope IV.- The Gadfly 107, Dlxelle 105,
Presentiment 111. Dundall 105, Peggy Mine
100. Bishop Poole 107, Bonnie Prince Charlie
105. Captain Ncroth 103. Lou M 104, Proprie
tor 115, finished as named. ...
Special Dispatch to s The Call.
SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
for three- year-olds and upward; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5 — Sid. C. Love, 108 (Hldbnd) 7 4 1^11%
6 tol— Sais, 104 (Burns) 4 32 2Uj
00 to 1— Dimple OS (Travers) 5 2 3 3%
Time, 1:47 4-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. E. : G. Stutte'a ch. c. by Dr. Rlce-
Constance Fourth. Stolen Moments. Home
stead, Ascetic, Latheron, Lord Badge, Re
veille, finished as. named. ¦
JAMAICA, Oct. 18. — The notable
feature of the racing to-day was the
double triumph of 'horses running in
the name and in theicolors of Captain
S. S. Brown. The latter is in a hospital
recuperating from an operation. At
the close of the day the news was con
veyed to him'of the dual success of his
"cherry and blue."
The more important victory of the
two was when Auditor won the Hunt
ington stakes at six" furlongs. The colt
had No."l position and was pinched off
at the start.. . His rider, Crimmins,
never ceased persevering and, catching
the fast tiring pacemaker, Et
Brute, in the last furlong, Auditor
came on under punishment and won
cleverly in the fast time of 1:13. The
stake was worth $960 to the winner,
which-was entered to be sold for $1400.
Wholly unexpected was Captain
Brown's second victory of the"" after
noon when Ascot Belle came from be
hind the pacemaker, Bill Bailey II,
which had plenty of early speed, and
won by a small margin. She opened at
3^ tol in the betting and went back
rapidly until she reached 15 to 1, which
was the closing figure. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; for
two-year-olds: ¦ , „,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Cairngorm, 110 (Lyne)... 6 2 2 IV
9 to 2— Bank. 103 (Htldebrand). ..3 4 Mt 2 h ¦ ¦
5 to 1— Merry Lark, 98 (Travers). 7 6 13 1%
Time 1 :14 1-5. * Start fair. Won driving.
"Winner, S. Paget's b. c. by Star Ruby-Linda
Vista. Fleur de Marie. King Cole. Gold Rbse.
Flyback,, Waterside, finished as named.v
Special Dispatch to The Call
E. E. SMATHERS' GREAT . TROT
TER. WHICH WON THE GOLD
CUP FOR AMATEUR DRIVERS.
Outsiders in Betting
Run One-Two.
Cherry and Blue Colors
Twice in Front.
ASCOT BELLE SCORES
LOU WOODS A WINNER
With the next opponent of the re
doubtable Joe Gans is Frank Rafael,
that veteran work horse for fighters
large and small. He has been a mem
ber of Britt'a training staff several
times and understands Jimmy thor
oughly.
Next Mondav Spider Kelly, the as
tute conditioner and second, will take
charge of Brltt's camp and win remain
there until Jimmy is ready to return to
this side of the bay to meet the colored
boxer. Britt is already in fine fettle as
a result of light work he has' gone
through during the last three weeks In
San Mateo and in this city. He real
ized from the time negotiations were
opened looking toward a match be
tween himself and Gans that he must
be in the best possible trim when he
puts up his stoves in front of the for
mer fisherman and has taken system
atic exercise accordingly.
Eight miles on the road in the morn
ing and two hours' work in the gymna
sium was Jimmy's programme yester
day. He hammered the bag and in
dulged In shadow sparring, his pur
pose being to increase his speed. To
day Britt will go for his usual sprint
on the road and will box in the after
noon with Rafael. Jimmy is in high
spirits and looks forward with confi
dence to his coming contest with Gans.
He was visited yesterday by a number
of friends from this side and others
who were desirous of getting a line on
his appearance.
Weight* Does Not Worry Colored Man
Catches the Pacemaker
Tiring at Finish.
Long Shots Bring Woe
to the Bettors.
Britt and Gans Begin Work in
Earnest Manner.
Boxers Are in Systematic Training
Captain Brown's Auditor
Wins the Hun tington
Cleverly in Fast Time
On Memphis Racecourse Defeating Lou Dillon
THE SAN FRANGISGOyGALI^^WEDNESDAYi^OGTOBER 19~ 1904.
SMATHERS SECURES TROPHY
10£" WANTS VC*O f OTESf;/c6NTiNUE».Xl«V^c, ;
Hassett, attorney lor Annie Quinn. yesterday
filed : an affidavit- for a ? continuance •; of - : the
.trial ; of - the ¦ contest . of .Tbomaa W".- Mahoney' a
. will. ' which - was i to have begun - to-day ' before
a Jury In: Judge- Coffey's court. » He desires to
take : the deposltlona of .'Annie . Qoinn and . Ann
Mahoney In , New York. ¦ Mahoney'a estate was
worth more ' than ¦ S40.00O, and > was all . left to
Frank Conklln.'* who ; waa not a' relative. The
contestant : ia : a- coutln- of -the ; deceased. ¦'¦¦-:•• ¦
ARRIVED
SIHPPING IXTEIXIGEXCE.
. Tuesday. . October IS.
Stmr F A Kilburn. Thompson. " hours from
Port RGgers. ' - ; '
Strar Jeanie, BartJett, 10T hours fm Seattle.
. EUnr Queen Cousins.. ST hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports. * - ' -• '
Stmr Pomo. Ahlln..I2 hours from Albion.
- Stmr Meteor. Gollgbtley. -6 days fm Seattle.
Stmr Maggie. Eaglev * hours from HalX
mocn Bay.' • *;•'"* : . . ' ; ¦
• Stmr. Grace Dollar.-'. Ol*ea.-< SO hours from-
Aterdeea- . • .-.:. ••¦• ¦'- - - --.-;- ¦•
6unr W H Kruger. Nordberg, 25 hours from
Eureka.-:" ¦" ¦?:. i . '¦" . ..-¦' '¦¦ - :.". ¦..-• --^; - -
Br stnar • "Wellington, ¦ Cutler. , 88 hours from
Ladysmlth."' " ¦ '. .v : :. , H :
Gcr scbr Karl and' Ella, > Beguhl. 63 days fm
Ponape. - - - - •. -. cf-i .,. -. ¦ ¦ • -.-¦ , ¦ ¦_ -f.-.A .... -.
Bkta - Gardiner^ Qty,.. Olsen, .14. daya frbm-
Tacoma.' -¦ " " *."¦';•¦ '.*;;" •-..;-¦ ¦¦¦ ¦
L > Schr ; Sequoia, r.Hutman, 13 days from Grays
Harbor. ..,;%•.,. •. ,_¦• . ¦ ,
FROM SEATTLE. .
Steamer. I . .: Destination! | SailsT"'
Cottage Cl ty.. | SkagTray &. Way Ports. Oct. 2V
rxiphin..-....|Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 23
gaata Clara.. J Seldovla Jt Way Ports.. Nov. 1
City Attorney lions rendered ah
opinion^ yesterday to the effect- that
Joseph J.; Harrington, who wasCerh
ployed.as a .machinist - : in, the 'Fire"'^ De
partment at i*4 per; day" and who was
injured by falling from a ladder while
engaged ; in "-repairinijaVvvater tower in
the corporation' yard,' is entitled = to a
pension. >v Long, advises j the Fire Com
mission to 'place^Harrington lupoV-the
retired -listj at .a pension equal to 'one
half ,' the salary attached to : the;'rank
which he held three years prior, to Ithe
date of his retiremenL V' 1 ' •• r -^' -
Machinist Kn tit led to . Pension.
- The Time Ball on * the . tower of the Ferrv
building was drppped exactly at noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian or at
8 p. m. Greenwich .time. J.C. BURN'ETT . •
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge
Branch Hydrocraphle Office. U. S tsj Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco!' Cal *
October. 18. 1804. ' ' CaI -
Time Ball.
Notice to Marinrris.
SACRAMENTO RIVER. CAL1P0RXIA.
Inioroation he* beca received that the
Cxporu; by the Umatilla.
The pteamer UtcatlUa sailed oa Moaday foi
Victoria with; an assorted carro consigned .6
the principal BtiUsh Columbian port.*, value!
at SQ.S31and including the following:
©W parra f»»sh -fruits €2 pkss'frert vegeta
bles. ic«95 U* dried trult. 4950 lbs raisins. 260
Ibai 1 c* cbt*»*. CIS c»> assorted canned gaodv,
Ib« chocolate. .:':¦<) lb« salt. 21 pkgs table
I'rrparatVjc*. IS* r«l« ¦win*. T- pkgs grocerlen
tnd provltims, «44 l\n eeffee. 420 lbs dried
iih. 127 pks» hardware, 10 tbls asphaltunt. 7
cs nails. 1 r^n electrical supplies. 50 rolls
roofirg. fc' ba>s cf.ttle .hair, 4 cs r^iprs. 10 bbls
tar. Oi tils hariiTvood. 3 cs arms and ammuni
tion.
The «t»arner dro r«.rried 1C5S cs canned sal
mon, valetd at 17461. en route to Australia.
end 2 l;alf* fvocliitlns. valued at S2X0, for Cal
gary. Ncrtluaresi.Terntary. ,. --¦ v
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point.' entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. J
NOTE— The hign ' and -low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about- ''5
minutes later than at Fort Point; the heijrht
of tide is the same- at both places. . e ' 6Ul
- WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER~19.
Sun rises ,, R- < >' >
Sun sets ..,.,;."....... r'^t
Moon sets, ...... :..:j';:...:..i.:.'.ilis" m \ m.
• L W |H Wl Ilw h Wi
1» ,1:42 1.0 8:41 .5.01,2:28 2.2 8 20 T*
20 2:27 1.2 9:18 ' 5.2 3:t» 19 \\
21 3:05 1.3 9:48 6.1 3:47 l.B 1O : C6 4B
22 3:38 1.5 10:17 5.1 4:21 Llh^so 4*
23 4:13 1.8 10:42 5.1 4:M OS IT 4B
24 4:45 2.011:02 5.2 5:2S 05 ' B
HW L W - HW L'"w
25 0:14) 4.5 5:17 2.2 U:28 5.2 C:o!> 0.2
the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tidee are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order, of occurrence as to time- the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day; except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given aVe in
addition to the soundings of the United StLtS--
Coast Survey Charts, except when a mlnu, t-)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given^T
the charts."- Theplane of reference l s th e ra ean
Of the lower low waters/ : e.raean
The German ship AMebamn is chartered for
whtat frcra Tacoma to Europe at 56a 3d <6d
less direct). . - .
Tbt steamer Harold Dollar <new).wlll load
general merchandise here for Petrcpaulovskl.
NTTVVS OF THE OCEL\N.
HOLTMFITCR WILL FTLEP.— The trill <*T
Henry Holtmeler. who - died October 7, -wan
fll«l yesterday wtth « petition- for Its admt«
•tnn to nrobnto l»r H»nry Lu . Hnltm»!er. iirul
May Ellen -Russell. rhlMren of . th* deceased.
The pr^pert* l« left to th* two chiWren and
the widow', Eliza. The estate. consists of four
parcels of.realtv and is said tn N» worth more
than flO.OOA. Two. of th^ properties are at tha
corner of Filbort and Tavlor streets, another
in Fllfc^rt- »nA th«»; fourth at the corner of
Union- and Stelner.
"BagBage- transferred to and from all trains,
steamers, etc.. at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 35 cents: round trip 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery, 3^8 .Taylor st.. «50 Market
st.. Oaklar.4 Ferry I>Dnt. Phone Exchange 48*
Notice to Passcncers.
Steamer. J Destination. j Sails. | Pier.
October 19. i
Elizabeth.. .'Coqui lie River . S pmjPier 20
Corcr.ado <5ray« Harbor 4 pmjPier 10
Rainier ! Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pmiPler 10
Amer. Maru J China & Japan 1 pai!Pier 40
G. W. Elder .1 Astoria & PortUndill am!Pler 24
Arctic »Huiaboldt' » am, Pier 2
S. Barbara.. OYays Harbor .... 4 pmjPier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
October 20.
G. Dollar.-. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 8 amjPier 13
Northland.. \ Astoria A. Portland 5 pmlPier 27
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pt*. 2 pmiPler 7
Marlpoea j Tahiti direct ... .. 11 amJPler 7
Nicaria 'Hamburg & Way.. 10 am Pier 19
Pomo 'Pt.- Arena & Albion 8 pmlPIer 2
State of Cal.f San Diego & Way.j 9 am! Pier 11
¦ October 31. I ,'
Alliance'."... Eureka' A. Coos B. 5 pmlPler 16
Chico.,... .. Coqul lie River .... 1 pmjPier 2
Jeanie Seattle A Tacoma. S pin'Pler 20
October 22. " ' '
Montara.. .. {Seattle' & Tacoma. 4 pm Pier 11
San Pedro... Lc? Angeies Ports, 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Otxm B. & Pt. Orfd:12 mlPier 13
Corona Humboldt'... jl:20p(Pier. 0
Point Arena. Point Arena :| 4 pmjPier 2
Bonita (Newport & Way...| 9 ami Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Fort9.|U"am'Pier 9
Oty Peking. N. Y. \"la Ancon.]12 m Pier -40
Aurelta Astoria & Portland! 5 pin Pier 27
October 23.
S. Rosa..... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
N. Fork...,. Humboldt 5 pm'PIer 20
. - October 34. . . 1 .
Centralla.'. . Gray* " Harbor .... 4 pmlPler 10
S. Monica.... Lob AngeW Ports. 10 am'Pier 1
Columbia... Astoria- & PortlandUl.am Pier 21
i October 25,
Breakwater. I Coos Bay direct.. 5 pm Pier 8
China... V....' China 4 Japan^. ..| 1 pm Pier 40
Aigoa j China & Japan. ...i Pier 40
j October 26. ] : I
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro tt Way. 0 amlPler 11
October 37. •
City Puebla. .'Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
; ' October 28.
G. Llndaaer . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Norwood. . . .' Seattle & -Tacoma.1 . . Pier
Newburg.... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia. . . . . J Will* pa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier '"O
• -¦*,-:•,- 1- .October 29. • . ¦ ±. .
Alameda ' Honolntu 11 am] Pier T
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO SAIU
A jolly evening Is scheduled for
Thursday next, in Native Sons' Hall,
when I Nelson A. Miles Camp No. 10.
United^ Spanish War Veterans, arid
Army and Navy . Parlor No. 207, Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, will
give a grand entertainment and dance.
For some Jtime the committees in
charge have been hard at work for
this affair and it- ht- expected that it
will be one of the most interesting of
Its kind given in that hall for some
time. - ,
War Veterans to Entertain.
Captain Tiistcn of the British ship Ws.ver
tree has lelt this port for Port Los Angeles,
where he wi!l take command of the Speke,
now usfiergcing repairs there. The Speke loet
er fore aad cur. topmasts and a part of her
upper rictl^g oo the voyage out from Antwerp.
Both vessels are owned by the It. W. Leylaad
company of Liverpool.
The Japanese liner America Maru will sail
'rots First aad Bracaaa etre«Ui for Japan to
•ft.- at 1 p. m. Ehe will carry a full cargo
r ¦: twenty cabin passengers.
The Oceanic Cotapacy steamship Ventura,
Captain Hayward. will sail for Honolulu.
Pa«o Pago. Auckland and Sydney to-morrow
with earn and p«jsenaTers. She will leave
Facific wharf (Pier 7) at 2 p. m.
The bark Homeward Bound cleared yester
day for Hull with 3200 toos of barley. Cap
tain Thotspeon's friends gave him a good -by
aend-eff on beard and the wine and the words
cf cheer -flowed like the sea waves.
The Chilean cruiser G«oeral Baquedano Is
preparing to sal] for Ksstrr Island en her way
home and her commander has requested the
police to pick up the stragglers from the ves
sel and return them aboard the chip.
The Arcata and Reliance are barbcunil at
Coos Bav and the rteaiaers Chico and Eliza
beth at Baudon. The schooner C. T. Hill is
bound at "Tlllarnook. The exceedingly rough
w«ather ozt tite coast prevents these vessels
Irom entering port, j
The User Doric sailed fcrr San Francisco
frwni Honolulu Tuesday at 10 a. m.
The schocner Francis Bernard, bound far
San Fraaclsco. spniag a leak and sank In
Cache Creek Monday. Ehe can be Coated.
Water Front Notes*
G. Goldberg, ; a memfeer of , th«
Young, lien's Hebrew Association,
yesterday applied to the Superior
Court for a writ of mandate compell
ing Benjamin Schloss, president - of
the organization, to call a meeting for
the election of eleven directors on Oc
tober 31. He alleges that the. date of
the annual meeting was changed at a
special meeting September 14 from
the last Monday in October to the last
Monday, in December, but the action
was invalid, as a quorum of the asso
ciation did not attend the meeting.
To Compel an Election.
Another overdue ship has cone off the re
ir.suraac*. list." 'bat not "as the others' wfcich
have been s-i k-r. as arriving safe in harbor.
It is the BriUab bark' Orion and site is 'now
.-. r. , -a -. to have been burned at sea. aociewnere
in St. Georges Channel. She aailed from Liv
erpool June 14, bound for Valparaiso, and was
«i*k« elx days after. For teveral months
nothir-s has be«ea heard from Captain Thoma«
or the crew. It 1» now presumed that they
have bees picked up and thus lt la known that
ehe was destroyed tr f5re at «e«u She has
be«n quoted at 5 per cent reinsurance. The
vess«l was bsilt at Sunderlasd in 1&79. ani
was owned Jay R. Thomas of Liverpool and
carried 2000 ton«. -
The German ship Sirene Is out 140 days from
Uverpool for Valparaiso, with reinsurance at
«o j*r cent. : '
Th*>. Brltlah ship Andreta is 167 days from
Sydney 'ta FalsiTuth. 13 per cent.
"The ItaMan ehto Roaa.na d'AU, 154 days
from New Caiedosia to Delaware Breakwater,
5 p*r cent.
List of O%TTdne Ships
Steamer/ " j ' • From. : \ Dxie.
Elizabeth I CoQuille River ...".'.. ..|Oct. 19
Chico..'." ..ictmuille River ';.:•..'.:. (Oct. 19
Alliance j PorUand. A Way. Port". 'Oct. 19 ;
Montam 1 Tacoma. ".'."". ..'...; rr ;Oct. 19
I>eJNortt.V..-.1Cresceat Oty .-.V. .T. . . }O«. 19 \
S. Barbara ' San Pedro Oct. 10
Saa Joae. i New York via, Ancon.. Oct. 19
Aut»1I*.'.. i Portland & Astoria..:. Oct. 19
Bonlta..... ..-.; Newport i Way Ports. Oct. 19
Arcata Say & Pt. Orford Oct. 20
North Fork... "Humboldi ' 'Oct. 20
Homer. ..Sen Pedro : .... ..Oct. 2i>
Corona ; Humboldt .... : iOct. 20
Point Arena.. : Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Oct. 20
Santa Rota..." San Diego & Way Pta.iOct. 20
Areo.. Eel River Port* |Cct. 21
Columbia Portland £r Astoria -Oct. 21
Chehalls i Grays Harbor 'Oct. 21
J. Higxiai 'San Pedro i Oct. 21
S. Dollar Yokohama iOct. 21
San Pedro I Humboldt ;..... (Oct. 22
C. Nelaon San Pedro j Oct. 22
Coos- Bay I San Pedro & Way Pu. Oct. 23
Breakwater...! Coos Bay .|Oct. 23
Arctic i Humboldt" .' ..(Oct. 23
Eureka I Hximbeldt .Oct. 23
Pomona i Humboldt Oct. 23
City Puebla. . .{ Pnget Sound Ports. . . . Oct> 23
Newburg...:. Grays Harbor (Oct. 24-
S. Monica Gray* Harbor , Oct. 24
State of Cal...l San Dleyo & Way Pts. Oct. 24
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor .. ..Oct. 25.
Poino Point Apena & Albion.. Oct. 25
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 23
Alameda i Honolulu ... :;.... ...... Oct 23 ]
Doric .China- & Japan .Oct. 23 j
City Panama.. J New York via Ancon.. OcU 28 i
G, W. Elder.. [Portland A Astoria.... Oct. 26 !
Curacao (Mexican Ports- ..-..-...-. Oct. 27 ;
Umati'.la J Puget . Sound Ports. ., JOct. 28 :
Saxonia. '. 1 Hamburg & "Way Ports'; Oct. 29 |
for San Franeleco. ¦ - . • "
IQUIQCE— Arrived Oct 17— Br bark. . Day
light. frOih' i VatparaJso." ' ¦ -¦ - •
DUXGENESS — Passed Oct 17 — B r bark Sus
sex, from Vancouver- for Sunderland.- < ¦
, SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Oct 18— Bktn
Amazon from Tacoma. e*#a •-. . - v ..i-. - . .
- QUEEXSTOWX-^-ArrlVe:d^r>tt IS— Fr ' bark
Marechal de Xoalllea. from Oregon." "'
• TENERIFFE— Sailed Sept 2S— Ger stmr An.
ubia, for Ban Francisco.
KA1CHOU— Sailed Oct 17— Schr Vtm >'Bow-
Uen, for Port Townsend.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Oct 16— Stmr City of
Panama. "for 6in Franciaco; Oct 18 — Stmr City
of Sydney, for Ancon.
OCEAN. STEAMERS. ' "
NEW TORK — Arrived Oct IS — Stmr Noor
dam from Rotterdam.
NEW .YORK— Arrived Oct lS-^Stmr Hell
golav, from Chrlstlania and Christlansand.
Jklled. Oct IS— Stmr.Kronprinr Wllhelm,-€or
Prrraen via Plymouth and Cherbourg; atmr,Ul
lonjs, for Naples, .Trieste and Flume; stmr
Victorian for Liverpool.
NAPLES — Arrived Oct . 17— Stmr Calabria,
from New York.
GLASGOW — Arrived Oct 17— Stmr *Sanllan.
from Montreal.-
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Prin
cess Irene, from New York for Naplea and
Genoa. . -. .. ; ¦¦'
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 18-^-Stmr. Rhyn
land. from; Philadelphia. . .. ..
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Mongo
lian, for Bermuda; Oct 18 — Stmr Carpath a
for New York via Queengtown.
AUCKLAND— Arrived prior to Oct IS— Stmr
Sonoma, from San ' Francisco, via Honolulu
for Sydney. NSW.
TENERIFFE— Sailed -Oet 1*— Stmr AnduUs.
from Hambprg and London for San Francisco
PUNTA ARENAS— Arrived Oct 13— ftra-
Neko, from Hamburg. Genoa and Cadis- for
San Francisco.
¦ Sailed -Oct 18— <3er ' »tmr; Saxonia "for "San
Fraodsco; to «all.Qct,2O-<3er,atmr : Meffiphls7
. VAIJPARAISO— Sailed .Oct-*— Br ship Af
ghaniatan. for Caleta Buena; Oct 8— Ger star
Menes, for San . Francisco, _ . * , ' 77
jCALLAO— Sailed Sept 10^-Br rtmr Cella for
Guayaquil. '"" •" ";'.*:
Schr Everett Hays. Applegate. 21 days from
Unalaska.
Schr Newark, Relnertaen, 11 hours from
Stewarts Point, t
Schr Ida Schnauer Moller 14 days from
Port Gamble.
Schr North Bend, Jackson 5 days from C003
Bay.
Schr Mayflower. Gudmansen, 10 days from
Siuslaw. •
CLEARED.
Tuesday, October 18.
Stmr Geo 3V Elder. Randall. Portland and
.Astoria; 8 F& Portland S S Co.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson Comox B -CJ
Western Fuel Co. ' >'¦- ' • hx
SAILED.
¦ ' *"_ * ¦': f r "' Tuesday^ October IS." r
- Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson. Port Rogers.
• , Stmr Maggie. Eagles.*. Halfmoon Bay. ¦; -
; Etmr Coos Bay. Johnson. San Pedro, ', . '.
-Stm r Newport. Corning. Halfmoon Bay ' "
1 . Stmr Newsboy. Lee, Hardy Creek,
¦¦ Stmr Alcazar, Wlnkel Greenwood-
Stmr. Pasadena. Hendrickson, EUTeka.
5 Stmr. South Coast.. Olsen. Caspar. v* .
Stmr Westport. Johnson. Westport. >
1 Stmr Gipsy, Gray, Santa Cruz.
Br stmr Wyefield Watson, Comox B C
Bark Homeward Bound. Thompson. Hull.
I England. . • - . -
Bktn James Johnson. Bennecke Portland.
Brig Lurlir-e. Forest. Altata, Mexico.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Oct 18. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 4 miles per hour
DOMESTIC PORTS.
> BELLINGHAM— Arrived Oct 18— Stmr
Olympia. hence Oct 14; stmr Norwood from
Port Hadlock. '
BLAINE— Sailed Oct 17— Schr John A Camp,
bell, for San Francisco.
BALLARD— Arrived Oct IS— Schr Oliver J
Olsen. from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 17— Schr Forester for Redondo -
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Jefferson,'
tor okagway
Arrived Oct IS. 10 a m— Stmr ¦ Centennial
hence Oct 14.
Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Texan from Tacoma
PORT HADLOCK-Salled-Oci 18-ltmr^Norl
i wood, for Bellingham.
J PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Oct 18^-Schr
i Snow and Burrcss from Nome; echr Annie- E
Sir.ale from Honolulu.
EUREKA— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr W H
Kruger, for San Francisco. •-
Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Noyo. hence Oct 16
Sailed Oct 18— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
' Cisco. . . ¦
Sailed Oct 18— U S «tm r Madrono, for San
Francisco. j
i „ SA? ""rA BARBARA— Sailed Oct IS— Stmr
Bonlta. for San Francisco.
j TATOOSH— Passed in Oct IS— Stmr.Ga
| ronne. from Nome for Seattle.
; Passed in Oct 18— Jap stmr Kanagawa Ma
ru. from Yokohama for Seattle " ¦
; COOS BAY— Barbound Oct 18— Stmr ArcaU
! « H A5 E II v. CREEK-Arrtved Oct isilslntr
i Marshfield. hence Oct 16
j TACOMA— Sailed Oct IS— Stmr Texan, for
i Seattle. ¦
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived O •» ! 7 -Stmr*
O C Lmdauer. Newburg and Si.Va » f onlta
hence Oct 14. ' *
Arrived off port Oct 18— Schr Marconi, and
ordered to South Bend. - = ¦
* T1LLAMOOK — Barbound .' Oct "is— Schr C T
I-till. for San Francieco • ' ¦ -
BANDON — Barbound Oct 18-^-Stmr Eliza
bethr and etmr Chico.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct"18^-Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco"
¦ WESTPORT— Sailed Oct IS— Stair Navafro
for- San Francisco. '
• SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 18— Schr Beulah.
frotn Astoria; schr E K Wood, from Graya
Harbor; stmr James S Biggins, from Redondo.
-Sailed Oct 18— Stm r Shasta, for San Franl
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Oct 18— Schr
Lyman D Foster, from Port Town?end
Sailed Oct IS— Bktn Alta. for Manila'
' ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct IS— Etmr ' O * C
Llndautr. hence Oct 14; stmr Newburg. henc*
OCt I-*-." *'•''¦ -;¦ » ,
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct 16— Br stmr
Anglo-California, from Iquique. •• - ,
ISLAND PORT8. - > ? ;
MANILA— Sailed Oct 16^-U S stmr Thomas
for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 17— Br stmr. African Prince fm
New York.
" HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 18— Br stm r Doric
for San Francisco. •,'¦; w • .. *
Arrived Oct 18 — Stmr Rosecrans, hence Oct
3, via Gaviota. , .
..* HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Neva
dan, from Tacoma; stmr-Roaecrans hence Oct
6. via Gaviota. ' ._.....,
Sailed Oct 18— Br «tm r Doric for San Fran-
Cisco; Br ship Fairport. - for ¦ Portland *
"FOREIGN PORTS. 'n : - -
- VICTORIA— Arrived O«.17—Br'stmr Queen
City, from -.west coast of Vancouver- stmr
rietades. from Yokohama; stmr Humboldt. fm
Skagway. ¦ . ¦ ¦ . . .- ; / :..:
Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Pleiades, for Tacoma
•tror Humboldt.- for Seattle. . • '
LONDON— Arrived Oct 17— Ger itmr Theo-"
dore Wille. from Manila. - °
:PAGO PAGO — Arrived Sept 2— Brl» Galilee
hence July 30." ¦¦-•-•,* - ¦'
Sailed Sept 15— Brig .' Galilee, for Apia.
MAZATLAN— Arrived Sept 2&-Cer,bark'Aa- I
tijone. from Hamburg. • ¦ •' ..--
CORONEL— Arrived Oct 6— Br etmr" Dun
stan.. from New York. ¦"• - ¦ ---.•
r Arrived'Oct tt— Stmr Oregonlan;- hence Sent I
22; to nail Oct 20 for New York." -¦ • -
' HONGKONO-^Arrived'Oct 2— Oet stmr Nu
mantia. from 1 Yokohama.' 1 ¦_-,¦-- ••• .,-<¦ ,* -. •;.
> JUNIN-rln port Sept : 6— Br ehip Pass I of
Brander. for Savannah. • -"..°-
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct *— Jap'ttmr "Ktna"
sawa Mara, for- Seattle.- ¦-:¦¦•?-- -f ¦-«*.
-• MONTE\-IDEO— Sailed- 'Oct- ft^-Br ftmr
Cacique tor- Ne w . York. •"• ¦ ;V« . k-.' ». : .:¦, •¦¦: VT
¦- SHANGHAI— Sailed Oct •¦*— Br stmr'CTusa-^
TO ARRIVE
schooner Francis E. Bernard sank last evening
in Cache Creek, about three miles above Grand
Island Post Light. Sacramento River. Califor
nia. The vessel lies directly in the channel,
her side showing Just above the water.
3y crder of the Lighthou*; Board. .
W. P. DAY. Commander. U. " S. N.. "
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
, . * .
Movements of Steamers.
BARKENTINE GARDINER CITT. WHICH CAME INTO PORT YESTERDAY FROM
TACOMA. SHE EXPERIENCED ROUGH WEATHER AND LAY ON HER BEAM '
ENDS FOUR HOURS IN A GALE OF WIND.
(120th Merldlan-^Pactflc Time.), -
, SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. ¦¦lS r -5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston -.;-, .74-54 New York.. 70-60
Cincinnati . . . ~ . .78-MS Pittsburg '. .~ 72-02
Chicago 7S-56 Philadelphia 72-42
Jacksonville 73-70 St. Louis. 73-56
New Orleans 78-64 Washington 72-42
SAN FRANCISCO:. 1 .'.... 70-54
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls In last twenty- four hcurs:
•. , ¦ . . Last ,¦¦ ¦. This Last'
Stations — , 2 1 hours, season, season.
Eureka 00 4.34 3.27
Red Bluff ;.. 00 . .. S.49 0.48
Sacramento 00 5.47 0.12
San Francisco .00 .7.45 .0.17
Fresno 00 4.9S 0.00
Independence 00 0.47 0.42
San Luis Obispo 00 4.5S 0.02
Los Angeles. 00- 1.13 0.43
San Diego... 00 .O.U \ 0.0?
¦ COAST RECOARD. _
- i nm-n ¦%.
STATIONS. ft-VS| "|g Sf f~ p
• £ £ : ¦ . :¦ §
..:??' : :
Baker ...30.44 46 36 S"W Cloudy -Tr.
Carson 30.34 08 22 NE Clear .00
Eureka 30.36 58 40 N Clear .0<)
Fresno ;.-..;.. ?0. 20 72 40 * XW Clear .00
S.E. Farallon. 30.24 60 57 NW Clear, . .00
Flagstaff 30.18 44 28 E Clear .00
Pocatello .....30.42 50 26 S Cloudy .CO
Independence .20.24 66 40 SE ..Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 30.04 S2 50, SW Clear .CD
Mt Tamalpafs.30.2S 61 4S NW Clear .CO
North Head... 30.33 56 50 W Cloudy .10
Phoenix .;.... 30. 00 80 50 . S Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt..30.20 59 53 NW Clear .00
Portland .....30.40 56 42 NW Cloudy :06
Red Bluff 30.20 76 48 W Clear .00
Roseburg ....SO.aS 66 42 N Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..30.22 6S 46 N Clear .00
Salt Lake..... 30. 44 43 28 NW Pt.Cldy Tr.
San Francisco.30.2tt 70 54 W Clear .00
8an L. Obispo.30.10 S H N Clear .CO
San Diego 3O.0O 80 53 NW Clear .00
Seattle .......30.40 5-3 42 SW Cloudy .12
Spokane S0.32 54 32 S Cloudy "Tr.
Tatoosh ......30.30 56 48 SW Cloudy .CO
Walla "Walla.. 30. 32 CO 40 S Pt.Cldy .08
Wlnnemucca .30.3S 56 24 S Cloudy .00
Tuma ....30.06 78 58 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND . GENERAL..
forecast. ;, ; ,:
The weather continues plettsant over 'Califor
nia, Arizona and Nevada. Over : the northern
half of the Pacific slope cloudy weather, with
light showers, have pre\'«lled. . ¦ . ; ;. ¦
Cool weather continues in the - Rocky Moun
tain region, but it is warmer in the Sierras and
throughout Nevada.
A maximum wind velocity cf 26 miles, from
the northeast, is reported at Flagstaff.
Forecast ' made ' at San ! Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 19: .
- Northern California — Fair Wednesday; light
northerly wind.
Southern California — Fair ""Wednesday; light
northeast wind. . changing to southerly.
. Nevada — Fair Wednesday; wanner.'
San Franciaco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
light northerly wind. Changing to westerly.
Los Angeles »nd vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
light northeast wind, changing to southerly. - '
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
light northeast wind.
Fresno— Fair Wednesday; light north wind. '
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
¦¦-^for reason' of such negligence and unskill
ful ness' we have this date revoked Mr. Hed
vall's license as chW mate.
For reason of such negligence and un«klll
fulness pn his part we have this date sus
pended his license as' master and pilot of
steam vessels for the period of six months. .
¦ After a careful consideration of the evidence
in -this case we are satisfied that Peter V.
Hedvall. chief mate of the steamer Xorth
land, was extremely negligent and unskillful
in navigating the said steamer on September
lit. "1004. in net notifying the master when ha
(Hedvail) first sighted Point Plnos Light, an<i
that it was on the pert bow; in continuing to
run on the course with that light on the port
hand, which he admits he knew was on the
wrong side, and in not stopping the steamer
and caMing the master Immediately when
Point Plnos Light bore four points on the port
bow, with the land right ahead (which had
been reported to him some time before by the
man on the lookout), and In running as he
did fifteen 'minutes longer bead-on for the land
before calling the master. Jh a» dear- night
any man with his eyes open, and attending to
his duty,- should have seen the close proximity
of the land and the dangerous position of the
eteamer. '-. ¦ . • - " • *) '-•-¦ .'" • •
The delay in rendering the decision
was owing to a difference of opinion be
tween the two inspectors, Captain Bul
ger advocating a heavier sentence for
Captain Bonifield, but Captain Bolles.
who knows by his own sad experience
how easy it is to run a vessel ashore,
contending that six months' suspension
of the master's license would be suffi
cient.
In rendering the decision the inspec
tors say:
After a careful consideration of the evidence
in this case we are satisfied that Captain S.
BoniHeld was and unskillful in navt
gating the steamer Northland on September
IS and lit last.', by not bein? more careful Jn
laying ott his course,, and in finding the dis
tance from the" last point of departure, which
was five miles southwest by west from Pigeon
Point Light to Point Plnos: and for his failure to
consult the United States Coast Pilot Book. Had
he done so he would havt seen that this course,
southeast by east, would not clear the land at
Point Pinoa, and that 10O miles on the log
would be two miles past or beyond ths point.
He should hftve given explicit orders to be
called when Point Plnos XJ«ht wan sighted,' or
to be called at a certain time when the
steamer would b« at a safe distance from the
land; or. if Point Pines Light was sighted
ahead, or on the port bow. to change the
course more to the eastward, and to uv the
lead when nearlns the land.
The Northland went aground one and
a half miles southwest from Point
PInoa light at 2 a. m., September 19,
Mate Hedvall being in charge at the
time. Cargo valued at $1000 was jetti
soned and the cost of repairing the
steamer was estimated at $15,000.
Captain S. Bonifield, recently master
of the steamer Northland, Is debarred
from following' his vocation as master
and pilot of steam vessels for the en
suing "six months. A decision to that
effect was handed down yesterday by
Captains John K. Bulger and O. F.
Bolles, local inspectors of steam ves
sels. The license of P..V. Hedvallas
chief mate was revoked by the same
decision. • "- ¦
Captain Bonifield^ iLess at
Fault Than His Assistant,'
Retired' for Six }i Months
Fast sailer though the barkentine
Gardiner City may be, she does not
r-ecm to be able to run away from
storm and attendant disaster. She ar
rived in port yesterday morning, four
teen days from Tacoma, and -reports
having had a fight with a fierce south
east sale oft. the northern coast. This
was her first round trip since she was
towed us from Redondo a dismasted
and helpless hulk last March. A south
east winter gale blowing Into that little
harbor Jammed her against the wharf
and finally under it, tearing the masts
out of her and ripping the houses and
tails from the decks. Entangled in
the wreck of the wharf, ghe could not
be driven on the beach, but she had the
time of her life fighting with the
broken piles and splintered timbers of
the dock and smashing away at the
structure and getting many a body
blow in return.
"When the wind stopped blowing and
the big seas lowered themselve^ what
*vas left of .the Gardiner City was
hauled out from the remains of the
wharf. She was a melancholy thing
to look upon, but she was still in the
ring. The wharf was a mass of wreck
age, bo the honors were even, and the
plucky barkentine was towed to this
port for treatment- With new spars,
rails and deckhouses she was as good
as new and sailed for Puget Sound
with cargo.
On her way down from Tacoma, old
ocean, who probably had never for
gotten nor forgiven the fight and es
cape at Redondo, came down on her
in the shape of a heavy southeaster
and the battle was on again. Every
thing was secured for trouble and with
foresail and double topsails close
reefed the barkentine bucked the seas
like the fearless Amazon she is. .The
great waves hurled themselves over the
vessel, breaking in the doors and flood
ing the cabin and forecastle till -there
were seven feet of water in the hold
and four feet on deck. The barkentine
went down on her beam ends and for
four hours lay on her side, with, the
starboard rail under water. The pumpg
failed to work and the vessel was
waterlogged and helpless. This would
have ceded *lhe vessel for all time, but
with the 500,090-. feet of lumber aboard
she was unslnkable.
To right her about 100.000 feet of the
deck load was jettisoned, and when
the vessel came on an even keel it was
discovered that much of the starboard
rail was badly wrecked. But, as usual,
•he barkentine Gardiner City came out
of the fight alive and upright and
though damaged will fight the gale
a.£ain when ehe goes to sea. ¦
Weather Report.
BOTH FOUXD CULPABLE
Captain and First Officer
Blamed for Grounding
of Steamer Northland
Gallant Barkentine's
Second Fight on
This Coast
MATE HEDVALL
LOSES LICENSE
GARDINER CITY WARS WITH ELEMENTS
Master of the Europa
Runs Afbul of
Quarantine.
THE SAN FRANGISGO GAm 'WEDNESDAY, 19, 1904:
11
PvvfW, FREE FREE
——WITH :
SUNDAY CALL
— .WANT ADS.—
Yonr Choice of Two Premiums,
Either' a '' ' ' ¦
—LIGHTNING BREAD and—
— CAKE KNIFE ¦•. -
or a
— - — NUT SET -—_—-__
(Six- Nat' Picks and ; a . Crack.) ;
See SrhaJl Ad; '^ge f or ; Fur z
ther" ParticulanC 7" ;;'~c %
RAILWAY TRA> T EL.
t% CALIFORNIA 1
TO CHICAGO S
@ LEAVES KGNOATS tod THURSDAYS E
Hat 8:30 a. m, thxonxh. ia 3 Atvya,H
JB with diaer and all trapptnr*. ' fl
- Other Saata 7« Xraiaai
9:30 at ml 1 icr Stocktoa. Freiao. Bakeraaeld,
8:00 p. m. J af creed. Hanford aad Vlsalla.
4:00 p. ta. for Stocktoa.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon aad
Chlcaso. . . . .. . _
TICKET O77ZCZS — 641 Market St. aal
rerry Depot. S. X. Also 1113 Brwwl-
way. Oakland. CaL 87 South Tin* St,
Saa Joaa, .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburoa. Perry — Toot of XLaxkat Street.
SAW 7BASCZSCO TO SAJT V*«".
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:vo. ll:w> a. m.; Ut:Si.
8:30. 8:10. 8:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra ti'.f
at 11:80 a. m.
Eaturday*— Extra, trip at 1:90 aad 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. ta.; 1:3a *:W.
6:00. «:2O. 11:30 p. m.
SAM EAPAEI, TO SA3f 3TSASCXSOO.
Vk EKK DATS— «:O5, 1:53. T:5O. *3U. 1X:1*
a. m.; 12:50. 8:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m. ....
Etturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:33 p. in.
BUNDAYS— «:0o. 8:40. 11:15 a. tn.; 1:44b S:*0.
4:06. 5:03. 8:23 p. m. ;
Leave i In Effect I Arrtrs
gaa Francisco. tOct. 2. 1904. | Saa rraadaco.
Week t Bua- I - ¦.•-.-. 1 Bua»- { Week.
Daya. | daya. \ DestlaaUoa. | daya. 1 Daya.
T£Oax& S:ouam 0:10am 8:40am
8:30am Igaacto 10:40ara 10:20aca
S:30pm 3:30pm - ts:U9pm C:20paa
8:10pm S :00pm 7 :33pm
• :30am 0:1Ubub a:4Uawa
8:00am Novato 10:40au& 10:2Uara
8:80pm 8:80am Petaluma S :05pm 8:20pis
8:10pm 3:3Cpm and 7:33pia
¦ 6:00pm Santa Rosa ¦
• :soam 10:40aia 10:20asa
S :00am Fultoa 7:33pm 8:20pm
1:80pm 3:30pm f .
T.'lndsor ¦ I
I:30am 8:00am Healdsburr lO:4Oam 10:20a=a
' • Lytton .¦¦¦¦:<¦• ¦ - * • :
l:S0pm 8 :30pm Ceyservtlle 7:33pm 0:3Opta
¦ . Cloverdale
T :30am IS :00am t Hopland |10:4Oam!10:2Oam
8 :30pm I 8:80pra| and Cklah \ 7:33pm{ 8:20pm
I I -VU11U aad t I
T:«Oam| 8:0Oam| Sherwood \ T:S3pml 6:2Opnt
' 7 :30am| 8:00am| ~~ |10:40em|l0:20aua
8 :30pm I 3:30pm| OoerceTllle 1 7:35pm| 8:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| Sonoma I 8:10am| 8:40am
8:10pra| S:00pm[ Olen EUea I 8:03pm| 8:20pia
7 JOaml 8:0©mml , I10:40am|10:30aal
3:3Opm| 3 :3Opml S«ba»topol [ T:a5pm| 8:20pm
6TAGEd connect at Green Brae tor Saa
Queatla: at Santa Roaa for White Sulpisur
Eprlngs and Mark West Sprtcs*; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllla for Skagxi
Springs: at Clovenlale for- the Oeysera, Boons-
Title and Greenwood: at Hopland for Dancaa
Bprlass.- Highland Sprtaga, Kelseyrllla, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bar. Lakeport, Bartlctt
finiasa aad Lake Oo. Hot Spring*: at Uklaa
(or ¦ Vichy Spiiaga, Saratoga Ppringi. Blue
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring*. Up-
per Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's,
Riverside. Uer!y*i. Buckaeira. Saaaedrta
Heights. Haltvllle. Orr"s Hot Spring. Halfway
House Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno City.
Fort Brass, Westport and L'ial; »! Wllliu
fcr Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
Bragg ' Canto. Covelo. - Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlngs. Beirs Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Vralt-
lard. Dyer. GarTjerviUe, Camp 8, Pepperwood.
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday raead-trtp Ocktu at re-
duced rates. ¦ • ' " ¦ • -
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to an potats
beyond Saa Rafael at half rates.
Ticket • office. 830 Market street. Caronlcle
building . - ¦ - - • ¦•-.,-.
JAfi. L. FRAZIER. - R. X. RTAIT.
. ' „- Gea. Manager. : ¦ - -Gea. Pass. Agt. ¦
¦| To SAN RAF klti
ROSS VALLEir.- r
MILL VALLEY; '
OZADERa Etc.
Via Sausallto J"arry
SUBUBBAN SEBV1CE, 8TA?fl)ARD GACO£.
•Depart from Ba^Frajacisco, dally, it fT:Oi
T43 8:25, »:10.»^0, 11:00 a. m.; 1:« 3 :rr
ills: » OS. 8:80. «UtO, -7:14. BtttO lad* i/^
B *A^lv»" at 'Baa Francisco. * dally, avt ««.*«
T35S:15. 8:50 »:33.- 10:50 a. m.; i : |S 2^
B 'tDally eaicept 8naday. \-"
'For Fairfax, dally, at 7:43 a. m. : aiaos,.
urtiaya at 8:13 p. n*.. • aad daUy except SatuS:
C ay and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. v-.'.-T
' ." v •¦-.* ' ,.-.-¦. 'THROUGH TRAINS.
-7*;*» a. m. d«Uy— Oizadero and »ay station*.
: 8:13 vp. . a*- . SaWrdaya only— F w^Caaadarol
\ etc. -"• ....... . - ¦-¦- '.. '..- .-¦-, j.-,.,?
5:15 p. m., dally, except Saturday and Sna.
aay.-far.Tomalee.rttc.":. :;-i -. 1^77
. ,\ TICKET OFFICI— «50 Market sc - ,- ,-
FERIIT— Unlca Depot, toot of Market at. *
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
>^ H*ifev T*»'»a ltav« amd wf d««
ULa^^aJZj SAN FRANCISCO.
V^. *=Vytr/ r»o» Octo»«b X pot
\>^^y rnaTDxpoT
(Toot «* Market Street.)
i.»at» -. MAIN LINE. -AaTrTT
7Ma VseaTtlle. Wlatara, Bunxsex_ 760»
7^0* Benlcta. Elmlra aad Sserameato.. 7.20(>
7-30a Vallejo. Kapa. CalUtoca, Saato
Rosa. M»rttn»«. am R»tnon 5 2Q;»
74[0a 5Dea.Trm«y. Lmthrop. 3uck:oa.... 7.2Cf»
, l-00A8ba«ta Kxpresa— (Via. DartsK .„ ;
wnilaat*, wniovs, fPrato. Re4
BlaO. Portland. Taeoma. Seattla 7.S0;»
I COa D«t!», Woodlssd. KbIsbu Laadias.
a>™ MarjrsvUle. OrorlUe.. 7^0»»
•¦30a Port Costs, XarUaex, Aatloea,
Byron, Trier. Stockton. New-
mu, Loa Banoa. lie a dot a,
Armoaa. Haaford. VI sail*.
• ___ PerterrtUe «\20s>
aVSQA port Coata. Modesto, Mereed,
• Fresao, Gosaea Jaaettoa. Haa-
ford. Vltalla. Dakers3eld 4 5C?»
. B-MA Sues. Saa Joee, Llrennore. Stock-
toa,(tMtltoD), Ioae. Sacr»m»n:o,
a «. Mar jiTllle. Chico. Bed BlaS .... 4-23p
B 30 a OaktUIe. Cntneae. Jameatova. So
nor*. Tnolnmae and Aazels ..... 4-20^
- l52 A Atlantic Exjreaa— O(c3ea »adE»st. fi.21}e>
B JOa Richmond, liartlau aad Way
...» Sutloas t-50?
10 00a Tin Orerlaad Limited — Ofttea,
Omaba, Calcago, Dearer. Smu
,_._ City. St-Loals f^0«»
Jg WA VaJlelo 1^2fla»
10.00a tm Aasrelee Pasaencer — Pen
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tr»c/.
Xataropk Stockton. Mereed,
Raymond, rresno. Goahen Jano-
don, Haaford, Lemoore. YUalla,
Bakarsfleld. Loa Anceles 7.2t3=»
1?X0m Bay ward. K!!«s and Way Sutlona. 320^
ti-CO* Sacramento Klrer St9»mers.. t11.Q0»
3-3CP Bealcia, Wtaters. 8aeramenta
Woodland. KnUhta Laad'.n?.
M»ry*Tr.:a, Ororllle aad way
_„ suUoas 19.50a
UOp Harvard. XUes and Wsy Stations.. /.SO*
4 COP «»r:tnei,S»D R*inon. Vatlejo,5»5a.
Callatoica, SaaU Roaa. 3-28 A
4CCp xnes. Traer. Stocktoa. Lodt IO.ZCa
4 JOP Bayward. Ktles. IrrUxtoau Saaj t8.5CA
... Joae. Utermore » til.53*
. BXOPThe Owl UmlleU— Vawm*n. Los
Baaoe. Meodota. Preioo. Tolara.
___ BakersflekULoaAnKCies. 8-SOa
tb 30p Hayward, Klles and »aa Joae ..... 7.20a
6 COP nay ward. 5!le»»nd S»nJo«e. 9-itM
- mJiOP Eaatera Express— Omaha. Cblc»p». .
Uenrsr. Kansas City. 5'- Loals,
M.irtlnei. Stockton. Sacrameata^
CoJfax. Rcao. Sparzs. Tonopaa.
Keeier. Oxita 12.50*
' i-°S p ?alleto. dsUy. except jjonday... . I T -a-
7X0p Vallejo, Saaday only f 7M *
74>0Pltlchraond. t»aa Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinet and Way Stations 11.22a
B.CSp fort Costa, Martinez. Byroa.
Traey. LaUiropw M 0 J e * t o.
Merced. Cere ad a. Vresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Coata 12-209
8 C3p Tosemlte Valley, via BeTenda. and
Wawona <laonday. ¦Wednesday
and Friday) M .. 8.50*
• Cop MarUaez. Tracy. Stockton 10.20a
I 05p Oregon * California Express— Sao-
raaientOL MaryaTllle, Beddtax.
PorUaod. Pui«t Sound and East. 4V50a
? HOP Haj ward, Ntles aadSaa Jose (Saa-
dayoaly) t1-50A
\ COAST LINE <»arr.w «««ge).
(foot of Market Street.)
8.16A Newark. Centerrllle. . Saa - Jose.
Felton. Boaider Creek, Saau
- Crna and Way Stations 5 S3*
t2-15p Vewark, Centenrtlte, Saa Jose,
Hew Almaden.Loa G«toa,Falton,
Booldsr Cr««k, Santa Craa and
Principal Way StatloM ttO-^SA
. 4- 1 B p Kewark. San Jose. Loa Gatoe ... | : j § -|j j -
«930p Hoaters' Train (Saturday oaly>—
tjan Jos« aad Way Station* ?7.2Sa>
COAST LINE Ulroa. «.aaxaK
u ¦ ¦ ¦ OT < 1 hint nii Townsend 8treeta.)
" t.10A6an Joae aad Way Stations. 8 3-ii»
7-OOa Saa Joae aad Way scatloo*. 6 4"»
• COa Hew Almadea (Ta-s., Frtd- only). 4.1u«>
. S-OOAThe Coaater— Saa Joae. SaUaa*.
Saa Ardo, Paao Roolea. Santa -
Margnrtta. San Lois OU!»po.
Goadaiape. Garlota, Saota Bar-
bara, San Bacnavcntnra. Jibe-
UIto. Oxnard. Bnrbaak. Loa - .'
Angeles _ I3-3S*
' t COa Gllroy. IloUliter. CastTomie. Del
Monte, facile Grore, Sort. Lom-
>L~ ' .Poe 13-3C*
1.00a Baa Joae. TresPinoa.Wasaon-rtUe.v
Capitola. Santa Crax. Paetfle
Grore. Saltnaa. Saa Lais Obispo
, .. _„ and Prlncipa: "Way SuUoas. ... 4-1fs>
10 JOa 8aa Joaa aad Way SuUona. 1-23 *
11 JOa San Joae and Wsy SUUons 7«0^»
Z .ISp San Joae aad Wsy Stasions ..- 8 53*
5 SOPDel Monte Expreaa— Saata Clarv
San Joae, Wataoavtlle. Santa
Cms. Del Monte. Monterey.
PaejaeOitr»e........ 12-15»
t300p Los Gatoa. Wrlxst. Boulder Creek.
Saata Crar, ? la Saata Can and
KarrowGaage ....."... t10-45A
- 8 -30p Vairaels Jt. Sontb S*n Francisco,
Raritnjrame. Saa Jote, Gtlroy,
Holllater. TresPtaos 10.45a
430p *aa Jo*e and Way Station*... tatOOA '
tS-OQp Saata Clara. s«o Jose. \jom (iatoa.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
¦¦'*""_« -ceptSuaday) r94K>A
|540p 8aaJoeeSBdPrlnct?«tWsyStat. > oas 1940a
6 4&p Snant Papres*.— Bedwood. Ssa
Joie, Gl!ruy.SaJl3»i,fa4o Uobtaa,
Baa Lais Obtspo. Saata Barbara,
Loe Aag*>tea.l>emlas. tl Paaov .
St-Leal«.XewOrIeaBa,!fewTork 810a
Sj45prajaro, WatiwaTUle. Capltola;
iiaala . Cruz. : CastroTtUe. Del
Monte. PaciAe Grove 13.33p
1fl-16*> BasMatco.Beroafortl.BelraoBt.8aat *^
¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ • Carlos. Keiivood. Fair Oaku
MealoPsrk. Palo Alto rs.4S*
• 30p Saa Joee aad Way Suuoaa>...... M 8.36a
8 OOP P*:o Alt* and Way Stations 10.15a
11 .ICp SootS Sajarmuidsco, MUIbrs*. Bur
Ungamai. Saa Mateov 'Betmons. -
. . . tan Cut^K Uadwood. Fair Oaks,
Mealo P.rSc. aad Pal* Alt*....^ r9 4S>
aT|130>> MayOctd. Mountain View. Sonny- v^ > *
1 vale, Lawrence. Sania Clara and
»»¦*>*• r........ ....... tMm
A for Moraiag. , P tor Afteraoos*, -„*
Ifaailayexceateat : Sunday only
; • Saturday only. ft Monday mU.
ibi«p» ¦( all stations •« 3na<Ua\
! Men, I Want to Talk to !
I You About This Belt, i
a want to talk to men who hare pain3 and S
S Bf^ J aches, who feel run down physically, who re- 0
0 'Sf 1 alize that the old "fire" and energy which was #
• " . ~ \jL:^bL ' * a evident : in jroath is absent now; ; m?n who . •
©"¦ " '•'. - " >:i --. can't stand- the amount of exertion they, could ©
• '_" v *" vC^tV s? years ago. I want you—' J :
, ©V ' .' 7y Tf\»A. /sTl »* that means yoa — to see
S N^/^^^k. / && what I have done for 2
2 /^v'Sgk Vvf\wSK yi\"y others who were just as m
m / 3m T vkV'!»\SHL. yffiSSi bad off. That's my in- A
• MS. m\\wKi#i? • tr e doction v ! j * fr i" d m ©
• 3- a^l \WV^3GV VKatSwlv^y^ whom yoa had confidence O
9 j ' presented some "one to O
2 V /j^y/^- *¦ lll2*KciM^^rs ~ - . here's Brown; he has made •
m \ *j )~&*y\ '^Uj\v! \*S good with me. and I trust him." **
0 \ t i^v*^^^Srliff'^y wouldn't you trust him. too? q
O **t^riaaM.j l * l^^»>|j^ r _> — ¦ - Now, if you don't feel rijht. O
• / SillyiiSS^-ljQjS? , ••,""*^jH . I can cure you with mv Electric 9
S / JJ^$bB'Os(P^~~-^^ Belt - It >' ou are IulJ °^ rheu- •
® / *• — yH*^^T.^jrog--~r!'^ matic pains, I can knock them ®
2 / 1 j^\y^^^s^Jj^\/ L^~' ~ 1> - ? ut - I can P our °^ * n:o y° ur S
S i if '^»%y<^«ll^S^^ Vx^" j omts ZTi d limber them up. . I 0
•• /if have often said that Dain and 0
-• ''If U^li/iMlfiSa^ electricity can't live in -the. same #
® I' 4 filt^i FiM&&$3$k -house, and I prove it every day... O
© / is III 1 /.tir?ft3 im Mr. L. J. Barnett of TllUmook. Or.. ©
© / H lli* ' B U BlHgP^m write*: "Tour treatment certainly doe^s t>
© iwA I ?,'i? ! r,Biw|?Jaa what no other can. for It has cured in*. 0
A I'M 3 l?i!i»H>r« I cannot prai3o the Belt too hUhly. and o
a Uia jiiia'yKBag jladly recommend it in any caao of vital g
2 L" "H.am ' O* 1 i'-'jQ u ** were not for tia pratndlo* dua to ?
m Hn i T'fW*w&^W *2i* atreat aumaer ot falsa ta, the btnd 2
9 UilUlUf-*6B!i z would sot a* »o!« to baad}» ta* oual- ' J
© illllm/iVP§? ¦ nMS » il ** would eorae to ma. Tha "Tree O
0) Hll« I •«.""•*•. ¦ Bait" fraud and tie "?re« Drujr" a chain 9,
0 which ara not -free at all. have mad* orery one tkotleaU. tut X fcaow tiat <|
O X hava a rood tMasr. and 111 hammer awax until yen know it. r . .'0.
• One thing every'man ought to know is this. Yocr body is a •
© machine. /It runs by the steam in your blood and nerves. When you ®
S begin to break down in any way you are out of fteam.' That's jest J
0 what I want to give you back. 0
C > ! . X have a cure la rrery totrra. Toil m# wntxa yoa 11t« and X win gin ©
O you tha name of a man I've cured. ©
• Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can ©
2 cure you or not. If I can't cure you I don't want your money. I 5
2 have been in this business 22 years, and I am the biggest man in it 0
0 to-day by loner odds, and I am growing yet, because I give every man 0
0 all he oays for. 0
0 Now, wouldn't vou rather wear my life-giving appliance while 0
• you sleep every night, and feel its glowing warmth pourins: into you ©
© and feel yourself taking on a new lease of life witlTeach application, ©
2 than to clog your intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely: 2
2 Try me. 2
x Mr. Abraham Spady of Alcatraz. CaL. write* : "I am cared of aU my X
J former ailments, and you have my heartfelt gratitude for what your 5:
• treatment has done for me." ty - S
2 - H you will come and see me 111 explain it to you. If you can't
2 . call let me send you my book, full of the things a man finds inspir- 2
% ing to strength and courage. Free if you send this ad. . q
© dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, 9oe a s 3 T^ K^ciys^ m ' g
0 - . Off.ce Hours — 8 a. m. to S p. m.: Sundays. 10 to 1. 0
0©©eo©©©©©9©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©«©©©*
. ADVERTTSEaLBNTS.
. "Uy father had bees a tnff arer f r«m liek headaeB* !
; for the lut twmty-nve years and nerer found any •
. relief until he began taking yonr Casearets. Slnca j
' he has begno taking Caseareu he has never had I
the headache. They hare entirely eared him. i
Cascaret* do what yoa recommend them to do. I '
will give you the priTllecs of using his name." i
Z.U. Dlekson , list Ketlner St., "W.I ndianapoli* , lad. !
The Bowels '¦»; ¦' 1, \
"^fejfcw' ' CANOY CATrtAimC J--^^^
Pleasant. Palatable, Potent. Taste Good. Do Good. -
" *e»er Sicken, W«»ken or Gripe. 10c. 2&c. Me. Kev«r
. sold ia bnlk. The genuine tablet stamped C C C.
Guaranteed to eare or your money back. . - ¦
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 598
- ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
jMt.^Tamalpais Railway 1
• - It. Saa fnaeiito f^Sfir* Ar. faa Tnzou* _ '
yiLBayi gqaJsji memjmk s^i
~ - 8:25a JagJSi IB l:3Op •1O:5Oa
9:50a 9:&OA^$B*mgJB 2:^p 9:53r
ll;4gp l:45r 6:22? ""fHiHr
tttazixn .4:33p . 8»tcnUj» Il:l2p
' " t .-- »Ti> Qnrjrr C«r " nx^ IlT»aahma ta lia Ttflsj"';
9 TICXJT I j 650 Markkt ST^(North Shore Railroad) I
tilliMS ¦ : } and S a us auto Ferrv, Foot Market ScTHE SAN;FRANCISCOMCALL,: WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, -1904.
12
RMEM»a«M
¦ BTJglffggSJggAggES.
A $300 RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; cor-
ner; rent $30; best location; business paying
well. R. G. WILKE. 2SV4 Kearny st. .
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few
blocks south of Market st. : net rent $90;
lease 4 years; average monthly receipts
$1100: value in sight. See R. O. WILKE.
26% Kearny st. .
A— Jl.VO; HARDWARE and plumbing business:
location tbe very best; established years, and
a first-clans paying business. ¦ All particulars
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— *2;$00; TRANSFER and exprees business; 6
horses. & wagons, bus. road buggy, harness
and stock; business established years; clears
at least $200 per month; a rare chance. See
R. G. WILKE, 28% Kearny st.
A— $2C00; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location on Geary st.; rent $30; lease; a good
paying and old eetabl. business; disagree
ment of partners cause of eale. See it. CJ.
WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $1400; DAIRT produce store with branch
. bakery, confectionery and ice cream parlor:
best location: about 1% blocks from Market i
St.: daily receipts from $25 up. Call R. G. I
WILKE, 26% Kearny st. I
A — $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. Call K. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $1800— CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; rent $75;
lease; a good paying business; value In sight;
owner engaged otherwise. See R. G. WILKE.
20% Kearny st. '
A — $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition; 5 living rooms; rent $45; 4% years'
lease; splendid location and good-paying busi-
ness. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. i
A— 4800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place
surrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny at.
A— $2800; CORNER bakery and confectionery.
Ice cream parlor, etc., 4 fine living rooms;
rent $50; one of the best of its kind of busi-
ness in the city. Bee R. G. WILKE, 28%
Kearny St. . -
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar. with
living-rooms; rent $45; best location on Mis-
sion St.; place established years; fresh stock;
value in eight and a good paying store. See
R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. '
A — $U500: saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to j
Chronicle bldg.: rent $250; return rent $175;
pIsuM doing good business; full value in sight;
a great bargain. See R.G.WILKE.26%Kearny.
A — $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
¦ cf land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.: monthly income $1000; one of \ the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
'with first-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $6500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses. 2 hacks, 1 coupe, 18 bug-
gies, harness, etc.: 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a first-class paying- business; rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— $1000; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds. CO boarders: fine barroom
with cood trade; close to depot; in lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny st. ,
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25:
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE, 28%
Kearny st.
A— $2C0O; HOTEL In San Mateo County; 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavilion: rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
street; rent $60; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $25,000; PARTY wanted with amount to
take interest in old established wholesale firm
doing enormous business, both locally and
forelsn; money desired to complete extension
cf new business now under way; the goods
of tills firm are universally known as stand-
ard throughout the world; have agencies In:
all large cities; this is a genuine offer, and
- to the right party an elegant opportunity to
invert with an absolute guarantee; only par-
ties able to furnish commercial references
" need apply.
J. W. JAQUITH,
1312 Market St..
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or cell property of any de-
scription do not fail to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3463.
NO trifle™ need to apply. If you mean busi-
ness see BERG &, POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$350 PARTNER, $450 partner. $500 partner,
$1000 partner, $3000 psrtner, $4000 partner.
See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
SALOONS near -Market St.: bargains. Call at
once. BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$600 TO $2750— Restaurants in good locations;
bargains. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny.
$375 TO $1000 — Cigar stands in good locations;
bargains. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny.
$1000 — PARTNER in manufacturing business;
must be capable tend to offlce; stands inves-
tigation. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
IS there any man in a good business, capable
of development, who wants to sell or requires
a partner who Is a good salesman capable
to take full share of work, and will find
capital of $10,000 or more; must be genuine
and stand full inquiry; replies treated con-
fidentially. ENGLISH, box 3416, Call offlce.
BRIGHT business man, with $2300, will find
- best chance ever was offered for sale- me-
chanic preferred; state age and your former
occupation; references required. Box 3419
Call office. ¦
FOR sale^ — A laundry doing $200 worth of work
per week In a prosperous town of 3500 Inhab-
itants; no other laundry within 20 miles; rea-
son of sale, retiring from the laundry busi-
ness. Address box 2972. Call office.
$250— PARTNER wanted; light, genteel and
very profitable manufacturing business; du-
ties easily learned; steady work and steady
income. 235 Kearny st.
WE incorporate and float stock companies: we
handle unlisted securities: loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Ellicott square,
Buffalo.
WANTED — Grub stake by an experienced
prospector and miner to prospect in Tonopah
rold fields; will sign contract for one year
The Almonte, 873 Market, room 73.
ENERGETIC young man' wants to put $3000
and more If necessady into a well established
mercantile business and take active part.
Box 3391. Call offlce. " . ;-..
BARGAIN— Only millinery store In town; large
country trade; established 11 years; must sell
at once on account sickness; will sen cheap
MRa. F. C. NEVIS, box 3, PleasSnton, CaL
$1WV-PARTNER wanted in an every-day plain
buelness: will pay him $75 per month; steady
place. ST. Third st., room 14.
RESTAURANT or .'delicacy store wanted In
South S. F. ; fine location; rent $15 for store
and living rooms. 1584 Market St., room 213.
WANTED— Partner; $1000 cash In a first-
claes. manufacturing business- references
given and required. Box 3399, Call offlce.
ACTIVE man wanted as partner In chophouse-
$150 required :. can make $60 a month. CU2
Market St., room 6. ; -.
YACHTSMEN and business men— All kinds
of drawing and tracing will be done cheau
. and exactly. Bex ¦ 1718. CalL
FOR eale — First-class' grocery ' and delicacy
¦tore; account of oleknees. 3601 Army st
corner San Jose ave. *
A CORNER . grocery delicatessen, with 2 fur-
. nlshed < rooms; rent $15; 3-year lease. « Box
2729. Call olflcc '. . " :
FINE . corner delicacy, fancy groceries and
liquors, with. 4 living rooms; can't Ins beat.
- 78S Hayes sC ' ,JJHIXTftfWlaLtilrtlG4.d
A WELL-ESTABLISHED , saloon (here ' for 12
years) for sale on account of retiring. Box
1749,' Call office. ,x ¦
RESTAURANT for sale In the Mission; con-
venient . to transfer corner. Address box 1064
-Call office:' .'. «,-. . . , ,-¦ .-. .-: _ '
DESIRABLE city lota to exchange for a busl-
1 nesB. "Address, with particulars,' box 1600
-Call nf flee . - - »•;...' '
$1200 A YEAR for • life secured ¦ by small
'monthly payments for a short time 1 only.
'. LVVESTOR. , B18 Parrott ; bldg.
1 $1000-^CORNER saloon:" good location: rent
„ $35. .Inquire 729 Mission, ; cigar: store.
PHYSICIAN." and > •taiggist 2 wanted " for . finest
location in the Siafx. Call 1581 Market, r. 218."
YOUR CHOICE OF TWO ARTICLES
...A LIGHTNING...
BREAD AND CAKE KNIFE
a xqq to wsdI nd\J2rt\^pr^
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
HZTI HE Nut Set consists of Six Highly Plated Steel Picks and One Strong Nut Crack.
I The Bread and Cake Knife is unequaled by any other knife on the market. It is
t==J the best article ever devised for slicing frosted' cake, hot or cold br^ad or cake, and is
as easily sharpened as an ordinary knife. Any one bringing a Want Ad to our office
Friday or Saturday
Will receive his choice of either of these premiums FREE.
CALL BUSINESS O?|p:, THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAY
THE CALL
JOIfN' D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOIIX 3IcXACGHT Manager
W. J. 3IARTIX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department Ycu Wish.
Publication Offlce Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrlens. 20 Cts.Per JFeek, ™
Cte. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Ct«-
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash Wlta
Order): M
DAILY CALL Onclud. Sunday). 1 year... $8.00
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos... 4 w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 76e
Ft'NDAY CALL. 1 Tear -••£
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year i.*"*»i2?
Tr . . "1 Pally. . .$8.80 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN rPun( jay. 4.18 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE, /weekly 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eair.ple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of ad-
<reet should be particular to give both NEW
AJCD OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
yrcrept and correct compliance with their re-
cuest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1018 Broadway ...Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
C48 Center Etreet Telephone North TT
•WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
IfEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
•Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentana, 81
rnion 6<juare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-avenus
Hotel and HoSman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
JCortbern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Betel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.") .
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETTJPHEN B. SMITH.... 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C. CARLTON Herald Equar*
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
C27 Montronirry ctreet. corner Clay; open until
0:30 p. m.
800 Heyes rtreet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C» McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Misrion street; open until 10 p. m.
JOG Eleventh etrect; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia Etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Jvortheaet corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
£2(iO Fillmore etreet; open until 9 p. ro.
MEETING UOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge of Perfection No. »
10. A. and A. S. R-. 625 Sutter et.— VVf
Called mating THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING at S o'clock. 5th degree.
All brethren of the rite cordially invited. By
ord«r of the Venerable Matter.
CHARLES JELLIXEK, Secretary.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44. F. and »
A M.— Called meeting THIS (WED-VV
NESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /VN
First decree.
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. a
M.— Second degree THIS (WEDNES- "yfif
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By />r\
order cf the W. M.
R. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. •
M— Third degree THIS (WEDNES-^A/
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. /V>
H J. OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION Loftre No. 169, F. and A. M. — a
Special meeting THIS (WED-»jy
NESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. -^>f\
Third degTee. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
FARNEWORTH Lodge No. 9$. _^-ay,
I. O. O. r.— Second depree THIS .i&dgSKtfc
• WEDNESDAY) NIGHT. Octo-
ber 19, 8 o'clock, sharp. Wei- *nn^^S^
come Hall. DR. J. C. NEWTON. N. G.
G. A. BURMAN, R. S.
MORSE Lodge No. 257. I. O. O.
F. — Officers and members of Ac3aS3«a.
this lociee are requested to meet^^^Bffig
at 1230 Jacknon et. on WEDNES- ¦'SfcnwlP'^
DAY. Oct. 19, at 10 o'clock a. m.. to attend
the funeral of our late brother. GERSON
MICHAEL. G. F. McMANNUS. N. G.
C. BRIND, Recording Secretary,
NATIONAL Union. Callfor- WgSgTIgMi^
r.ia Council, meets TO-
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. - -*~ \1
Fourth St.. at 8 o'clock.
Viejtliig friends cordially invited: initiation.
By order C* BENDEL. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
The American Association Licensed Officers
on Sail Vessels have moved from 9 Mission
rt. to 44 East et.. room 5; meetings EVERY
WEDNESDAY EVENING at S o'clock. Mem-
bers are requested to attend.
ALEX BERGMAN. Captain.
J. J. PARKER. Secretary.
A MEETING of the Board ot Medical Exam-
iners of the State of California will be held
on Tuesday, tbe 25th day of October. 1&04, at
the City Hall, in the City and County of San
Francisco. State cf California, at the hour
of 10 a. in. of said day, for tbe consideration
of applications for certificates and for such
ether business as may properly come before
It. Dated San Francisco, October 10. 1904.
Board of Medical Examiners of tbe Bta*4 of
California. CHARLES L. TISDALE. Se^re-
tary. - '
THE California Debris Ccmmisslon having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic
procet* from N. H. Burger, in Dry Gulch
Gravel Mine, rear Pleasant Valley.El Dorado
County, Cal., draining into Clear Creek,
which reaches Cosumnes River, gives notice
that a meeting to receive any protests will
be held at room 96 Flood bldg.. San Fran-
?lsro. Cal.. Otober 31. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.
AGEHTS \rAJTTIIP.
XXKLEES fountain pens: sample 15c; dozen
tl CO: retail* 25c. FIELD CO.. 119 Bush at.
AGENTS selllnr Park lots, cash or or tbe In-
BtsJlmer.t plan. 467 Parrott building.
ATTOBaTETS-AT-T^A-qr.
W. MATTHEWS, 632 Market st. — Consultation
free, private and confidential; no advance
fcee; busmess promptly and legally transact-
ed; collections, mechanics' liens, tenants
ejected; probate; loans on real estate; safe,
sound investments at highest rate of interest.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg
Cth floor; entrance room 611; established 26
>*ars: all courts, general court and offics
practice: no fees iri advance or for conculta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel.Red 3601.
AAA — DIVORCE costs. $12; quick quiet.
Advice free: all law business.
No chargre unless «ucr«eful.
1093 Marfcct rt.. cor. Seventh, room 41»!
ADVICE free; divorces a *peelalty; private.
Quick, quift. low fees, no pay in advance
Kstab. 22 yrs. (J. V,'. HOV.'B, 1122 Market st
K divorce cannot be obtained for $10 or $12.
AA— Divorce; costs $12;quick.q-jlet;advice free:
nil law business; no charge unless mccess-
ful; open evening*. 027 Market St.. room 301.
ADVICE free; dH-orce costs $12; no fee* or
corts in advance: all law business- office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market st.,r.33.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12: quick, quiet-
&:i law business: no charge unless saceess'
Tr.i; open evenings. 927 Market, room 204.
!-. P. CLARK. P27 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion fr^e; no fees In advance; open evenings.
"\ ASTHMA CTJKE.
Ul NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly
-¦ IOc. 2*c 50c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas!
r. ;«o Wlehart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
_ ASTBOIiOOT.
2OBEIDE, astrolorcr: psychic, occult and as-
irologjcal readings. 9 Mason St.. rooms 1-2.
ATJTOKOBIXES.
WHITE Etcnhope. In ¦ flrst-elasa running con-
dition; a snap for $300. White Garage Mar-
j ket. and Franklin . Fta.
PIERCE motorettes. one new, one almost new,
*t a bargain. 123 City Hall avw. »
BOAJtPTJrO TOE CXXUafTW.
LA DV want* child to board; pood care Ad-
dre« JCO.Hampehire «.. <*«• *d.
Hotel Barton
KHIRON,
Greatest living clairvoyant, adviser on busi-
ness, love and domestic affairs.
KHIRON will positively make no charge for
his work. unless you are entirely satisfied and
find him superior to any palmist, medium or
clairvoyant in the city; reads your entire life
from Infancy to old age; tells your full name,
what you called for. whom and where you will
marry, giving names, dates-, facts «nd figures;
restores youth and lost vitality; cures disease.
Do you wish to possess the key to the vaults
of love, friendship, success and fame?
Know the secret of control — the power to in-
spire trust and confidence and win success in
business, social or financial life.
"Arise! Throw off thy shackles." Ex-
change sorrow for Joy — darkness for light. "Be
master ,of your own destiny."
If you are in doubt, unhappy, unlucky, dis-
couraged, dissatisfied, in ill health or under
evil influence, consult. KHIRON. the greatest
living psychic adept,* and he will aid you; for
mail readings inclose date of birth, lock of
hair, 5 questions and $1. Hours from 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. Sundays 11 tu 4/ Special low
fee, $1.
.' 1031— Market st.— 1031.
THE greatest living adviser on the continent.
RICHARD MAYO.
Reduced charges this week.
Full life reading. $1.
Satisfaction guaranteed cr no fee accepted.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you call
, for; give dates, facts and names of departed
or absent friends; he tells every wish of your
life, how to gain success In. love, courtship,
marriage, divorce; whether you'll be success-
ful In business affairs ; In fact, no matter what
may be your fear, hepe or ambition, call on
this gifted man and find relief; his descrip-
tions of your friends and enemies are as real
as though they stood before you; he will send
you away happier,. wiser and bolder than ever
. before; tells you whom and when you will
marry, settles love quarrels, .promptly reunites
the separated, no matter how long standing,
positively mentioning your sweetheart's full
name; he tells everything, good or bad; ycu
hear the truth and nothing but the truth; all
. business confidential. 421 Ellis st. (private),
• walk in; hours. 10 to 8, dally and Sunday.
' ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.
His former $5 reading this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
. palmist ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
-to make no charge if I fail to tell your name
and what you want to know. I tell if hus-
band., wife . cr sweetheart -Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry; in fact. I
• .will tell everv hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; I will Improve
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength In mental and bodily vigor
and luoh. thst Insures success 'in business,
mining and speculation; ¦ I Implant controlling
power . In your • nature so you can fascinate
any one you desire, win the- one -you love,
bring back your loved one and cause marriage
with the one of choice. 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
Closed Sunday. . 326 — O'Farrell at. — 326.
FROM all sections they come to witness the
wonderful demonstrations of the noted
. LIVINGSTONE. ¦ Readings $1. Would it not
be a., relief, to know how you will succeed,
to be relieved of the matters that are troub-
. ling you and of the schemes of your enemies,
that you may. meet with better success? Then
for a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE.
428 Eddy . it. ; three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m.-8 p. m.
MME. , PORTER. : celebrated clairvoyant, me-
dium, born' with double veil and second sight.
gives lucky- days: tells past, present, future.
Ladies 50c; G.. by cards. $1: palmistry, clair-
voyant slttines. $1 50. 303 Jones, near Eddy.
A— Miss M.Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
-. tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you - called . for without asking a ques-
tion; names given: special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian 'seeress.' The Vendorne. 1104
.Market it., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. .6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted dalr. and palm.;
. reveals love, roar-lage. business, etc; L. 50c;
' r G.$l: hours 10 to 9:. names.. 714. Franklin st.
A— Mme. Ravenna" reads lire; business advice:
-.names given: 23c up. 8 Ellis St.. near Market
MME.; GABRIEL, from the East; palmist, card
$ reader.* .-765 Market st., r. 2,, opp, Phelan bid.
PROF." JOHNS/ palmist and psychic card read-.
-~-er: readings 25c: 2. to 0 p. m. 312 Jeasle st.
MME. -, ODKLL. clairvoyant.* card reading. te»
;* leaves; 23c up/ 1 812% Eddy ; st." ; no sign. . "¦
MRS." BAUMANN; tfat . well-known " fortune- '
• .UUtr.'.to now, at 3ITEIIU aC - ¦
IiOPQUf Q-gQTJSES POB SALE- Con.
MARION GRIFFIN!
ROOM 406. EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market sts., tel. Black 3607; free list of
hotels and rooming houses for sale. WE GUAR-
ANTEE GOOD TITLES. MONEY TO LOAN.
City and Country Real Estate for Sale.,
AN especially, well furnished rooming-house in
good location on sunny side; 12 large rooms;
Income $00 over rent; electric lights; refined
roomers; will sell at a sacriflce. MARION
GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner bldg.
PARTLY FURNISHED— 14 nice rooms in fine
location; 7 blocks north of Market; rent
$<0; 7 rooms furnished. 7 unfurnished; price
?u0O; we back you for part. -
MARION GRIFFIN.
OFFER WANTED this week on a most beau-
tifully, furnished 70-room. house; NEW and
modern . building; low rent: . 5-year ." lease;
high class roomers; double frontage: house
-with worlds of sunshine;, sickness of man-
ager necessitates a sale; come and investi-
gate; tell us what. terms you'd like and we
shall endeavor to arrange .to suit you. '
-. ¦• '. . MARION GRIFFLV.
MY HOUSE has 20 rooms. ™ ~~
MY RENT is only $60.
MY. MONTHLY profit Is $00.
My price was $1600; Is now $1200. '
My terms are one-third down and $20 monthly.
My only reason Is bad health.
My only agent is MARION GRIFFIN.
HANDSOMELY FURNISHED house of 17
rooms on Van Ness ave.; rent $65; lease If
desired; now clears $73; nice back yard;
.flower garden in front: easy to take care of;
owner is sick; price reduced to $1000; easy
terms. . •
MARION GRIFFIN.
I BANK $133 monthly as my book will
show, but I must sell and go East
ON MORE IMPORTANT BUSINESS. ;
I have a nice,' clean house of 33 rooms.
Any reasonable offer will be accepted.
1 would take $1000 down, balance In '
-; SMALL PATMENTS.
See my sole ajcent.
V; .;•¦ " r MARION.: GRIFFIN.
THE OWNER SAYS:
"No stranger will be permitted
* to inspect my house unless an ¦'• ¦
agent MARION GRIFFIN'S offle* .*"
' comes along. I am away from
-home most of the time and my "
wife is afraid of strange * people
-who try to get in on all kinds
of excuses. .The house makes a
good living for two and $94 over. imHM
- I can sell on easy terms to V-v-*?
any sober and industrious man and
, wjfe who have $500 to $1000 cash." See
:..'•-.. ".- :".¦;¦ "'--, MARION . GRIFFLV. ;
SUTTER : STREET— 9-room ' corner . flat; price
$450; part cash; worth' $850:- rent low..-.
MARION GRIFFIN." '¦
' ... • .. 406, Examiner bldg.
ELEGANTLY t FURNISHED*; apartment-houne
' of 24 rooms; clean and new -and nice; north
of Market; profit $78. monthly: price $2500.
' reduced to $1800 and {\ti you can give : good*
':;. references) 1st : payment .to $400. > . .
. . , ; MARION GRIFFIN.
¦¦•'.:- The Real* Estat;: Agent.
'•^^^^ ; • ' :i ; .-.-_ :.' ¦
A' NEW plate— The> Whalebone— Cannot break;
: . .warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 60; fillings. 5Oc:
! .. plates $5; ' full set; "all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
-', —No charge for .' extracting • when plates are
' ; . made ; old , plates made over like new ; : teeth
I '.from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
i.PARIS Dental Parlors. 23fi Kearny -cor., Bush
; ;Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, 2Sc
GOLD fillings.' 75c: silver, 5 35c; crowns," $2; no
J pain; open Sundays. Dr. A. C.Hewitt,2(H Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM.- Burgeon-dentlst.r.14. 1st
*; floor,: Phelan, bid.; 806 Market.- cor. O'Farrell.
; ¦ DR. '• R."i "U'a WALSH i has moved; from Geary at.
¦ 'J-i to _ corner 1 Sutter 'and Grant' ave-V **. ~
ALL work } guaranteed ' by ! the New Yorkden-
-,5 tlsta. 5 , Dr.- Perklns.'VMgr^l 969 Mission,' cor. 6th
McDOWELL DressmaKlng" & Millinery School —
-Patterns cut to measure; eve." class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
¦¦- axt'i button & buttonhole factory,. 110 Taylor.
' '¦'.:- '•'*•¦¦¦' ' ; -.'?. ; ¦-'/•: -':. \ ;< - ' '-; ;.¦•*;•-.'. :'> " ¦
ilopomra-HOTJsis ros sam.
A— CAMERON & CO/, Phone South 1050*
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
82 rooms; cheap- rent; 2 years' lease; 'fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition: grood furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here Is
best proposition in city.
7-room modern flat; close in; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain it sold at once; $300.
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; . on
Sutter; paying a ' handsome - profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room? long
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bell and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout;, chance of
lifetime to get Unit-class house that is clearing
$3C0 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle 'an estate; make offer;
exclusively with us. . . V : ."- . ' »
90-rpom, , new. modern 2 and , 3 ' room apart-
ment-house: cheap rent; ' most - elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease:' every ap-
pointment heart could wish; this little gem at
bargain on account of -s sickness.
¦ 45 rooms; rent only $125; flrst-class location;
well furnished and good running, order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month;. always full; belt
buy in city; account of sickness; price $4500. ' '
' 180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full of nice people ; bargain If .taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of flrst-class people:
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 roomnrrent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and- mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease. ¦ ' .-'V;
16 rooms; rent $05; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell ¦ within - next ten
days; leaving city;. make offer. . .
¦ 30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease ; downtown ; fine, respectable, mon-
ey-making house;- part down. ; balance reason-
able interest.
9-room flat; rent 'only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
' 128. rooms, cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $ttUO per month; must sell on
account of other, business; only, with us. / -.
. 65 rooms; bests downtown commercial house
In- city; clearing now $300 per month;, every-
thing flrst-class condition; will- trade , for . Oak-
land, - Alameda or - Berkeley property or ranch
in. California;, must leave city... -.. . »
21 rooms; cheap rent: very central; good fur-
niture and carpets ; •• clears * $10O . per month ;
must leave city; make an. offer. :
rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape ; fine - little - apartment-bouse ;
clears $150: reduced to $2800.:,.%.
¦ Large list of real estate,' rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
-„ . . t ¦ ,, . ..-.x CAMERON.. 3: Eddy st. :
HOTELS.,,,': ...;'¦¦ ''.. - ¦¦;-- ...¦¦¦¦,.,..'..- ¦¦ :¦'¦ ':. ',
C.:E.HINKLEY '. ' PHONE MINT 706.
1020 MARKET ST.- --; ¦ OPP. 5th st. .
RELIABLE DEALINGS and EASY. TERMS.
- SATISFACTION i.TO ' ALL. •. .
;• OUR - SPECIALS. ., .
14 rooms, Ellis st.: yours for. only... 7.:. . .$350
20 . rooms, one . floor; - lease ; ¦ mechanics. . :. . $475
25 rooms, north, of -Market; speculation..;. $850
31 rooms, 12 unfurnished; clears $70. ,V. ..$1050
14 rooms, 4 unfurnished; : a; snap. V. . . .... .$250
50 rooms,! men roomers;' rent $50. .".¦.'.".'.".$1400
~'8 'sunny: rooms," gunny corner; rent $27.'.": .$200
12 rooms, near 'Market.-st. ; 'rent '$30. ..."..$375
20 rooms, • Slxth\ st. ; ' clears ' $62. : ¦'.-. .....;. .$700
30 rooms, men roomers; clears $00. ...... .$8.10
14 rooms. Bush st.; rent $40.'.v; :..r.-...v..$350
i^T-^%- AND MANY.} OTHERS. ';>;-;:
. . . : . .'. ; . . V. v MITCHELL .'ft'' CO. . . . . . . . "... r.*'
.1206 Market -st...*r..::i. Phone : Jessie ;2981.'
• - Rooming and? apartment -houses,,.; hotels land
I /flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed:
. . . . ..;..; . . . mitchell^ & . ; ". r.r ;-. ; rr ¦
20 ttdb.Y downtown. ? nr.- theaters » rent $75 ; ' rea-
*:: eonable offer accepted. MITCHELL. 1206 Mkt.
: THIS ¦ is a : bargain ; 1 24-room > lodging-house en
' fine ';, street ; ' rooms ' all 5 full ; - are r, newly ;• fury
-?, ; nlshed ; t. bath » and ; running water; '. owner * Is
; compelled \ to -. leave . city:" no ¦ other.'. reason for
v* selling; .' rent is s reasonable : and ' on \ lease; \ In-
vestigate. Box '1521;? Call; offlce.fr*; CUV'i
12-ROOM house; only rent; -$600 cash; well
: ; f urnlflhed. * 625 ' Jessie < st . •< bet, > 6th • and l, 7th.
BTJSrBTESS CHAHCES— Contlnnad.
A CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell. ,
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
cummer outing, also for winter shooting ana
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas: toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern: accommodates \i
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to ko East; make offer. CAMERON.
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. ...... ¦ .
FOR sale — Flnit-cIaBs livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California: 50 stalls;
rent only $75 per month; well stocked with
horses, bugarlee. hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy at. , v ¦¦',
FOR Eale — Several ! good business propositions
for Investors, such as flrst-class laundry, ice
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country | hotels, restau-
¦. rants and many other . propositions too ' nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st. *
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business- chances. .CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. •.
AN ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city; 7
acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished; 2
bars, dancing pavilion, . shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month:
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric ears direct: clears $4000 per
year; price $C200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— One of the best hay, grain.' feed,
wood. coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. .V.i cheap rent;, horses and wagons; all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire: guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S0O per month: trial riven 'If
deslrsd; part down. CAMERON &. CO. •
FOR sale— Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
. lot 80x157 feet; all furnished; horse ana
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' .walk from de- I
! pot; 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO... 3 Eddy st.
PARTNER.: detective and collection; estab-
lished business; small capital. Room 25, 1014
Broadway, Oakland. - ; /,
SALOON for sale, cheap. 014% Battery St.,
opposite Postofflce.
WANTED — Partner: 15 rooms and bar; ¦ 3
years' lease: 210 and 21? East st. "
GOOD business proposition; sale or partner.
Apply 233 Geary St.. room 36.
FOR sale— Cigar store in Oakland. Address
box J»S9, Call offlce.
SALOON for eale; fine location In - Oakland ;
good business.' Address box 1571. Call! offlce.
$173 — CANDIES and pastry; 3 finely furnished
rooms and large, bajiement.. 525 Taylor, st. ~
A SNAP — Flnt-class flower store for $400- es-
tabll«hed 11, years. Call 80S Valencia st v. ~- .
CHEAPEST and best in America — The .Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
united Stateu or Canada one year j for $1; - ¦¦":.•
CABPET. BEATiarO AITP I qgjBAjrCTCr.
COM^RESSED^Alr" and ] Vacuum TushI
for cleaning carpets on floor.without removal;
carpets and rags also cleaned by compressed
. air at ehop; prices moderate. S. F.- Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 303 Market st.;
phones Main. 102 and Bush 479. ... ..' '... ¦
WHEN you ¦ become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S I Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 355-357 Tehama st. TeL: South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S09 Har-
- r}5J* n 8t< ''• A l " coining; 3c. - FRED H AGE-
DORN . & CO. : , phone : Mission 225.-; , &
CO > NKLIN>8 Superior ' Carpet ~ Beating v Works.
¦ 833 Golden Gate : ave. ; Telephone East 128; '..
MITCHELL'S. ; 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-clasa
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission \ 74. crt
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter it-
-.'-tcl. Main 394. . CEO. .WALCOM & CO.. Props!
RUDOLPH & CO.;- carpet-beating Works; prices
reasonable.- 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
BAD ; tenants ejected • for $4 ; : collections made-
city or -country. Collection, Co..' 415
¦ Montgomery . st.. * rooms 9-10. .Tel;,. Main ; 5580.
• •- : ; CI^OTHIJrO REHOVATHTQ. : i . -
I SUITS cleaned; and -.pressed., $1; -scouring -and
I ,. dyeing. • v Bon Marche. r Examiner bldg., r. 410-
.„ phone ¦ Drumm ; 44. < Call for. and deliver trtl-
CTtArBVOTAHTS—Contfanad. i
MME. M. BERNARD THb"fajJoU3
; Clairvoyant and business medium: perma-
9 nently located at 17 Third st.. next Exam-
iner bldg. : she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past re-
veals th» present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; If you art in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied vlth
life or nave domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 23c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black iSud.
MRS. RICHARDSON, from London, Englaad
clairvoyant, card reader. 313 EHU su; no
sifn. ' *.'V .
A WESK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPtBITTT A T.TSTff .
ARRIVED from New York, Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychio for slate writing, clair-
voyance. Office, 1113 Eddy. Phone Scott 88T.
A — MRS. CRINDLE'S materializing seancs
Wednesday eve.. 8 o'clock. 50c. 32S Ellis st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
Ufa reader. 1208 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MRS. LESTER clairvoyant, medium and !!'?
reader; dr. er. eve'g 10c; read dally. 43 eth. '
C MAYO STEERS, trance medium. SC3 Larkin.
room 48: readings 1 to 6; teL South 319.
EDXTCATIOgAX.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 w«
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
. st.. between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest to tha We«;
come and see. 8. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Lycum. an accredited preparatory
school for onlverslty. law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship ,
$50; positions secured; day. er. T23 Market.
THE Paul Geraon School of Acting, the largeit
institution devoted exclusively to dramatio
learning in America: positions) guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. rain., meeh.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 18«4: Van
der NalTlen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES In short story writing and Journal-
ism meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m_.
333 Phelan bldg: terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
' ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market it. Send for catalogue.
A — MOVED to 1281 Market St.; large sunny
quarters. Western Business College.
ARITHMETIC, algebra, grammar, writing.
et?.. $5 mo.; private. 1231 Market St.. r. 704.
SPANISH,French,etc.Prof.De FUlppe'sAcademy
of languages, 1019 Post; est. 1871; ablest profs
O'MALLEY'S Dancing Academy, 1164A O'Far-
rell — Adults Thursday. Juveniles Saturday.
CHICAGO Business College. 1435 Market— Post-
tlons. shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.:
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Haight st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cat.
SHORTHAND taught thor*ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 303 Montg*my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine si— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Haight:
individual instruc: all branches; day. eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 923 Golden
Gate ave.. 3. F.: 75-page catalog on reqqost.
EagLOTmuT orricss.
A — JAPANESE and Chines* employment office,
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
8. IMURA. S39 Sacramento. Tel. James 5281.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographer*,
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst b'.dl
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanes*-
Chinese help. 428 Powell St.; teL Main 3732.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Offlce. 413 Stockton:
best help. Frits Tamagakt.mgr..tel.Bu9h £33
RELIABLE Japanese -Chinese Employment Of-
Ben; a!l kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 31S4.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1937. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
IKPLOTIOiHT WAirrCP — naiALE.
COMPETENT cook would do downstairs work
and washing or general housework in Amer-
ican family; wages $23 to $30. 2361 Post st.,
near Devlsadero. ."¦'""
REFINED American lady desires a position
of trust, as nurs» for children or companion
to Invalid. Call from 2 to 6. or wrlta to
1010% Washington st.. room 3, -Oakland.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wishes po-
sition to do chamber work in country hotel.
Address MRS. J. M.. 456 Sixth st. .
COMPETENT cook wishes a position in a pri-
vate family. 701 McAllister St.; please ring
electric bell. . • ¦
TYPEWRITING, copying, addressing envet
opes: reasonable. MISS EDNA CRAMER.
Mutual Bank bldg., room. 808.
CAPABLE woman wants work by .the day.
washing or house cleaning; references. Ad-
dress Laundress. Call branch, 300 Hayes) st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants a position as first-
class cook or general housework. Apply 31
Guerrero st. - . ¦
WANTED— Situation ' as day nurse by middle-
aged lady; experienced. 318% Clementina, st.
'»
GERMAN lady will go out- nursing. Address
369 First st., corner Harrison. - .
WOMAN wants work by the day. house clean-
ins or ironing; $1 2S per day. Apply 119 9th.
A WOMAN with a child, good cook, wants
- work, country. 324 Mason: phone Black 2386.
A WAITRESS, experienced, wants portion,
city or country. 324 Mascn; phone Black 2396.
A WOMAN wants housework In small Ameri-
can family of adults. S87 No* st.
A LADY with a child wishes position as house-
keeper. Call to-day. 830 Mission sU
GERMAN woman wishes a few places by tha
day. washing and ironing; $1 25 per day. Ad-
dress German Woman, Call Branch. 300
Hayes st.
GOOD, reliable young lady seeks position aa
bookkeeper: offlce preferred: can do any \
kind of office work; references furnished.
Box 3077. Call offlce. . - ¦
A YOUNG girl 3 months , from Denmark
wishes to do light housework and care for
children. Address 32 Shotwell St.; please
call Monday from 10 to 4. . •
YOUNG man and wife want positions; man
I experienced coachman, do gardenUix if re-
quired: wife a good cook or second work.
Box 3234. Call office. .
AX experienced German girl, best references,
desires position "as nurse to care tor chil-
dren; country preferred: city or Oakland.
Box 1443. Call, offlce. Oakland.
A CHRISTIAN lady with little girl wishes po-
sltlon a* housekeeper. Call 12 to 1 p. m. or
G to 7 p. m.. 52O Bush st.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wants position 43
second girl; can do some »ewi.i~. 112UA
Stan* an sU C :y
WANTED^ — By a young woman with a child,
position as housekeeper for one person. Ad-
dress box. 1433. Call offlce, Oakland.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants '
situation to da general housework; good ref-
erences. Call 1515 Treat ave., oft Folsom
' A RESPECTABLE - woman - wishes general
housework in small family. Addresa 2%
Merrttt'st.. cor. Hattie.
WANTED — Neat young German gtrl " deslrea
position In a private family to do light house-
work. Box 3306. Call offlce.
'A COMPETENT woman wishes work In nle«
American family; la a* good cook. Box 32S6.
. Call offlce. / ¦
TWO reliable women want positions together:
cook and second girl; references; waxes cook.
$30 to $35; secend work, $25. Box 3021. Call.
GOVERNESS, well educated,' speaks German,
good pianist, best of references to character.
wants * situation. Box 2949. Call offlce.
COMPETENT woman wculd . like few famillej
1 by day. to wash, cleaning or chamber work. J
.488 Geary su; ohone Brown "32.
YOUNO . lady .with best city references wishes
-position. as, chambermaid In hoUl Box 3329.
Call offlce. . . : .
FRENCH laundress; does fine washing at~
.'_- hom»; open air dry." Phone Page 793L t "V
DRESSMAKER. , expert, wants • engagements
'¦'_ b»st references. Box 3092.- Call offlc*. «
TOUNG . lady wishes " position In' glare hou**: 1
some experience, ' Addrtsa box 2139.- CaXt
¦¦BHHlHBBiMHHHHlTHE SAX FRANCISCO GAEL, WEDNESDAY; OCTOBER 19. 1904.
13
ggys^oYafljmg -w-jTrga — ge=*i— -c« ;
lady wisaes pcaTSca. ta a iw_ _t* s cr 1
•icctcr's cf2oe. A?p:y 22^7 Tt— rrxr* "*-
__H__ei*y. . i
T — AT ~ ED— La a: _iry wcrit cr tccseclca— _cs fey [
*-e C_y. 345 E^_ ts aC ;
XVATrrES— Pssiticc. as waitress ts cccstry t c-
trt- Bos -151. t"? "^ cflg-rg-
-V 5 r ? V ••,: 'I* r; T — g^rt w__»s a do ritfc:s u^
taterytaj cassij «t^e. &:x 3134. C—I-
A TOCXO- i_ iy wiai*» a »:«;?£. :s f— t ll«_t
— qtwrrt CsT at IO 3t^-=_ C
— Tv'O5!.*C Sr '*"-* i>7- tecs* clsxsiss
c* w_»_lss. Ai_rts» 113 K_yes *c
_ r_a_?AELE r--r=« rTiil"* w— sxa »i;a
t= wark fry tae _xy. Arrir 7 U—e aTe.
EY arst-_x as wtut^sss. Istr^Sr* Z23 First
etreec
-lP.CTt5Z scaeat rlrt wtates ait— x_ _e tr> ia
fcracsewcrk. a— i t»-r- cce— tas — r— n'T faai-
Cy; a=_ i: wax**- t— ¦ Pi^iic xt*.
AirTT:rm?^irH:XT5. s=b«crtp_i3cs r*cerred at
Cal* fcras— a edee. c=r. EX; fan asd Ciarcs stx.
"WANT a is ail *— #eris_CB* u_*a f» T=«
C— H at Ea ten's ' :i_ _ r. C33 M:A*_ — cer sc
¦ j
racPXOTatxjrT -arAj— tej — at— i^ i
FAR3CE2. a _ I w_e. £rst-C— tsx cock. C— — -y i
far»sar. sa.riicer aad avxay cUter arst-ctiss |
tses w__ rtjtcxtlcas. S<»e Z. F. CROaETT
AAA — 5c: ber all arc— sd _ _ 3dy eras des_ ¦«* a
ie_ ; . r • - . . - . =— dszacx s _ r_rie= is*. _ _ *_ .
.--. -.*.-.- witi l — tc^. c?=c<f r:.Tr=aa aad
_r.T*r; test cf references. Bex ritTX <"»^
TOTXS si— s. t'jCitteeger lad ate-sctrxyfeer. j
w__ es pcai^^a xs «x lassiss cf frets' Car* I
t * f ¦¦*— a c-*«~— X- A ¦¦ 1 . r*c^si o. i.. P.. £lx— {
AS T_ ;<n er'e— — _ _ ~c ycs—ic Fte_ct==*2. ajre i
22. cas «»rt» at tail's, desires «itsati«sa ts ,
rr-.T-te faa_y: cpe— u Sasi-ia e_*_tryr- coed
rtferescea. A—reaa box S4I4. Cx2 ctTlce.
CAPABLE yocag Swiss ¦srao _xd 3 ?»*.-»' «x-
E-ertesce is e_ _ ;rci_ eries. Lares, cert— :=j asd
w_ :z» «— a— T dtalreg gc— t— cc B.:x 3422. C— X
MII>rr_S-AGEI> Gere saa. r-ilaiii. acter -red
— — —atstc^s. esjeneacsd _ trt«__«-. m zxa
poc-ae. ta dry. Aiir*— box 2425, C-U.
ERACGHTSMAX asd~slt?::s-t w-ies pesi-
t_ e tc dc euser ciaia cf wcrk. cr beta: will- I
tag t» r? aayw-er*. 3.;x 34ta». C_n cfage.
TOCXG asas w__ *¦ p__u=s ta wacie-C e
bocsa aa all-e— __ d cu; stsa— y as d r— Qa _ Is.
Bex 341S. dj: c_«ca.
FLC3IBX3: £— t-c— sa: wx**» _oderxt»: ei^
cr oc-j.-» af dty. Bex 3421, C— I ©ffiee.
C^T— f at >y-— »* A— — rcsa bcx
2-14. Call cface.
TOaZXG sias wtas*s ta carry =cr_ tsr paper
rcctg. g. cVJ^Jl-TK. €37 We_K«r »?.
FA'TEES. asd styir— jt ts r_ ss aad f_r_-
tare waresegae. l»>t yar^aa «C
CARETAJCE2. ycc=« —as. sasiy wtta tscU.
n_ i C9 ear* far bocaa*. soccl cr ts»_ ra-
ttT". wsere r^- -' rg. pujcr-i. aac*ac. r • - — ¦ : -
£=«. "oci_— itsisx-. etc seeds to be dcas;
co— stry preferred. Ecx 2234. C_*l c£2ee.
A £OF,~P> isd— itrioca yctsae aiarr sed Bias
wtz-e» poetics as c— — _ _ t stsre; saa -1 '
: -r years' exjer;eace la jrserai sserrsas-
4— te; exs 'u -v _^ grxA referceee. 2S3S Eaw-
arS at.
rypr.rrT.T-N— vy —>-«—-»; —at <-¦
adirsss _ _J sxtra: etprr-eace ta tsrsrxsce
as_ ciertc— 1 wtxfc: act as doorstaa- cr wa_t_ -
— t m ~.- ' 1 1 ¦ ¦¦*. Ca— : - — **
¦WaXTET' — P-jel-ics by yecsa; — -js is <?i_ter
wacless."* cr r«tall kss« stsr*: saxe _ _ o ?-a—
eipen^sce ts ces ut" f_r_— _ ls« fecda. Bcx
S— <5. CaU cface.
YOTJXG au, cxa —it s cxre cf aU t— it cf
sewtax =xci.issa. wxs— 1 a pcgltii.a _ 1 talrt
cr —lies' »_ c azxs_f_ c_xy. STEEX. 444 '~x
WANTEr 1 — Uskt «=:pli— r— aes.* i=B*_ atetr:
acrxs«^— ; «C_sate-i aiedic— a». ——¦<¦—¦; crad 3-
ate rrf*-!-/. ;r_xr-sa«y ; st«-xiy. acier. tr_n- 1
w-rr-i? . _:y wcrk ti li^tsj. B_x £SS. Cxi
ll*u "- »i_VT"*AT- e_ «~1s**t. * : j»'|.'',^t a_ City.
»*s-i c«?etttrn wit— aaas f— fts r£ax ea^-
y - jt— 5».-»*i t~ s^ajce .^r - 1 t*.^^-^ t .^i^i -^ * _
'CCCKKESPEH dsslres pcii-acs. w_a res-?casi-
tle "L-— : wtil .,-¦ - eieae asd snt-fs: _:;;*
'. * s : e*vtr_ rts t—i ea by I tie - weeic er
— :cs.:±: reas— —Ste, E— r 3S«, C_3 —See.
A GEf-MAX. csi-i *I*-«jrwi asd atari*- w_ _ea
a »;f2aticc a» ci*rx is r?oe«i— «tor« a_ 4
t»r— ».si . cr>c»l referesaea. -W- EOBiDfG, 417
K**rrj- « - 1
Arv=-F.TI5IX-3 r?*r?_. t _rt, t?— — r ? —»-- . r~- 1
a_— press — ;*s-. ri— .ed «t_ __ i cxserUiace.
7— »c armeit. i>Hlres. ar^c— ttaies c A_ _ r»ss
bcx SSTi. Cail aCS-e.
A TCVXG Bias 4«s:res aitsatiae ts prrr— t«
;_s_*7 cr atcre; 1a g>ad _ _«*— £as: i^ttu
Fr-r^rs; ¦aril -in — i.rat isytsts&r; ir_ _ e» tc
iriiy eveairxs. Bcr 2f«5. Call e__e.
GAJLDENi— B: prarti cx i. t_cr*rcrs!y ex5*neaced
ta _U fcrxa—es sf cxri*r..sr. capaaie cf
Tairrr Ct_ — r* c* lanr« 4-"-u"^». desires po-
ar_ca- Bcx 2S««. CXT cfic*.
——___—_——-———-——__—____—______—___ __^_ <
ETTCATIOX w«— t*d ty y quasi rrran t= ia__lry ]
>ac t— T>. ef cee-ii— ¦ pi— at: S*i yearr* expert-
tri?: «r*res^ea. Box 257X CxH e-ia*.
6CAX2IXAVIAX eras aad w_> wc_ 4 P>»
wcr— ca raa ce : w_> rood cock: aia f«r.«— _
ras c_ £— =— : — s_ crsta_— a ta ta — t e_ ar<« cf
rases: £*at cf refertaeo. Bca SSC-t. O— g.
CCxPETETT aad ez=criesced acce— ataa t
vasts aeta c f bocks u kxep. —» <"-g aad
____« to: ca. c— Krt^ar Ki:rT:au. ets> Bex I
Z2!*3. Cx*I «f2a».
P"_"rM3E3. Ucea **•• asd !sdrp*T_e=c wua j
— -ta Oaaa pr~p«rty cwaer by tie day er j
we*k: sa» a2 saceaaary a_ cp tac— l Bcx 2504. |
C— a ctHrm. j
A SCEEH. tc_*«t e-_s wasts work as ¦txaie-
£13; cxa drtre, at__ cews. cr aay ctser
kiad cf w_rx. Bcx :_^. r>'T cfSee, f-v— ¦*»_
EOXEST, w-^lis» rri=* ets. Inrjrirc f» per-
tsr asd fcar-.er_ier po«t_=a. wtta rood refer-
«aee«. Bci 2T3r). Call gtSc*.
to B-ka a rtxrt xa asy Use cf frrataeia; test !
refer— ar»j». Bcx 2244. Cx3 efSce.
COACKMAX __1 «xr*»ser; esefsl; ex- atiTk.
fe asdy wtta t__ t; crscd referesoea Ecx 2Zi~
Can cCtee.
•WAXT E*r>— A set ef fcoc-a to keep trs-n.
Bcx 3Z3. Cal: -rf=ce.
"BTASTED— Plx se as ecCe^rtsr ; aec_rity r-.-rea.
H- F. STFTT.LJ*R. 202* Pew ea «S.
A GOOI> ,Iar*sese ecsocrbcy wd a— ept a pc-
«r_-3a aa sc_cc»ct is «r»d fa=^y :s <reca-
_~y. H. I L. tea Q. £*=. Lcressx. Ala =*da
Cs— aty.
AX e_ »Cest y=ca» Jxpaaese ecek waats a
j<*»it.-^g a 1 — 1 ~^» fxst— 7: (ocd rei*r-
ea«. FRAXK. 313 Sct.t— sc. dty: tei.
E_-t <2<1-
JAPAXES3 rrcs« _— eat bey w_a =«¦ ta tais j
care ef rxri-s cr cerate » 11k ts a assail •>— -
tlr; rr*__» Ecx-iaa. FRAXK K. E_ 1225 !
"jer__ S?r3 rt; pfc cse Sectt 54S-
A TCrXG J'lpxaes* bey, r—tle tad asa*sc
warts p««i-_3t as wait*- ea txt> cr fceiiicr
r= bearl; ;, u« Fr;r;-ii» freely. G. T. ITQC.
712 Errr*r at-, cuj. "
-AFAX_iX Jw'uj^. atrr=a; bey wasts go— !t_ — i
ta 'in rare ci r» '**i er- 'cj'iuit _ 1 %
«r=a-I ra—Oy. K. E3TCO. 225 T_esc — ac:
;— se Ca-r— 3TTZ-. - -- '
«"Af_X£SE _ t_tf_ yooa* tas wxca a peat-
xjxs. tz t . sesaxw<srk ca a prtrxie fx_ _ iy;
Ct» riiei'esijea. FRAXK OTA, « Cxrw«
g— re.
T '"?." ~ '¦•-.•• -•-•» visa ctaee as ad — JdS«y la
real! ra=_l 7 : «L Feii 115*. HAMAD A. USS
¦-i st.
A YGirXG Japasese *cy wisaes * pes— ca as
waiter «a ti_ t: »xx«w iZO a «5_B— . 1£1X
G*a*r «. : tai. TT<^t T.
A YCVXO Ja;asese b<3c_rt t<ry wises poaf— cs
it <U. fc»_ers.I k'jcieirrrric .'a .»— »~ ____»-
A-Ur»aa Y. XIXA3C. 4S2A Past ac
A JAPANESE bey wasts » pca_e a as c—oel.
??Hgo! T -^Getry : g. «* CCg3&T - T '
VGCXO -*;=_-.»»! bcr «__« aceirj™. .. -
sc-oc^scy. EEV T. XA7_N'_3_ _3 =te»-
«acg it. -riaceg J«— tl« 23—. . , .
A JAPAXE5E —seat bey waats pcatt— a ts. a
saCeca. rtrre «r cfSce; fca* exrerieace. A*.
. *.-S3 5. £ITA, 4X1A P_g a. *^
AX *T5«iei_r!d Sa ra g«ae cscik wists. pr^'r^a
GEO-?.CE. _U* Pise ac; ptee KydelViT^ -
COCO Ja^aes* bey — _tt» —aerai kelp _Tt—
*-5 e'___e p. at. ?CS Paat sc, R. BaX.,- **
A'XAJPAXESE bey.- ~=t> a=d ' fcecest. — «ats
r«Mity:n as sg_c^rscy-M-C-^Sl »» OTxrrsC ae.
A CHTVE5S £nt-c£iss esrk aeeis _Vt=atJ— 1 ta
CHARLEY HOXG. 27 VTxTeriy
- Sl*»« _^^_ ¦ '-•
Cl_A i*E rock, arst c_ sr; aas rtfer»!n.e»' ctty
A* trea» LOCTE TCEX. care e» O~se=t st.'
A CHUCX5E SroLelaam e_ck.w_ * ea «^-—|M^>
£s be——. WI—TS. S3 CbB— c_ 7_ _I sc
LACIZS destrta? a— fe. sere asd t*S— t relief
' f=acs lrres*— — it— es «_ t-1: et«; sxy :_ ?t— c— s
¦ are p_ Ssl-ws aad re£la ble: ao fa ttsrss; aa cx-
i crtitxst fees; CCXSVLTAT1OX AXI> AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years* experiesea la aES fe-
et— le 4Ia_K*ers; call « wrtte. DR. WHITE:
733 M— rfcet ac. rosa-a 7 asd 8.
I l^XDZZS — If rsrs are ta. tracbti. ccasade _ ae.
Relfef f =r trrec— t_ rt— <». K<*tp: fer tiae «a-
, farcsa ate. My t_ se is dfroced exst— — *ely «•-
ta«e co-dit—ra*. rax tae eniy GRADCATE
; g— yatffa-n here wso eas sxy rTri^ C— i~ cr
¦ wrtM- Ce_fidff_— _ Eac 14 years. T>R. K.
______________KEARXJ______^
MS5. DR. WYETH. «r*c_ Hit far x3 f*=_I*
cae£p£atst9 aad ims— — <r!tiea; _ u__ it reEef
i rsar— — seed; 3O yean* «xperiecee. sii Post ac
MRS. DR. KOHL. rei_-fe spec— JSst farxa f»-
_t— le trwiaEes asd tn.es; l.Exi rt— aa: taseas t re-
ttef snarasteed. It«l--;i- if— ri et sc. ot*7- 3c_
MRS- DR. GO«3DW1X, — dies* spec—Hsc cosk.
j Ttstrtaa; tse let— ! ii tc <_ _ tt_ rinssa aad — n;»r-
at ly hseoes of Ec rsr*. w_i retsra . *-> £13
Frxa__ca es er abect Oeta&er 1» asd wf3 be
per—a, neatly toeated at 412 Tx y!or «c
CB. G. -BT. CDOXXELI— -AH w_> a» ilek er
* ta trscble co— «— tt tats spe_ _ S_t ¦: s f s_ — i#
¦ cctap— _rt»; pc*itiT»jy corrected; t_e nafarta-
& au > a-ljeij; tse stoat difscsLt eases tre— ted;
adTice free. OCce. ISli Market sc
DR. asij MRS. DAVIES *ad HTXDOO ESS3S;
eclats— I TTPTfttirt ef treataxeac 1I2S Si rise
MRS. DR. GWTSER. 511A LexTeawart- ic, be-
twsea Geary _s_ OrFxrreZL
LADCES— Kosuwsad; safe. scr*. sewer fafla;
$2. GleajQg-RsygHs Drar Ca..K*a— y — Clay.
DR. RCtS3TX. r— —lesee S3S& Fstsosx *c. career
28— t; Udles. r«U<f ot _ iw: riiX ..
_CtSCEl>n— XEOTT3— -FOB *i*T.-g.
2D-HAXD> &_ _— tsery, eagle ea. bcilerk ptcaps.
parleys. s_ __si. esc etc, bce*at. said.
res tsd "asd excsass»d; see Sixs<— ty papers.
H. S- WHITE MCHT. CO^ 130-122 Se— e «C
EOtLERS. ecTtsea. 2d-_isd _ta___ery. MsEX-
TOSH ft WQLPMAX. 133-137 Fraatcat sc
DOES YOC2 RC»3F LEAK? .
Repair is wtta eUtertte. ta r_3» easy t3 lay;
cee— » &a f'ttt-y cr crraTfrg; esad or«r _.l
troo. tta or isis.* i-ts; best far sew raoCi- I
ELATERTTE ROOFIXG CO^ 713 xartat ac I
FOR s_e — Xe— xsd »ec__ l-Saad — -I— 1 ri xad
peel tables; axjy payateats; w« rest tables
wtta rrfri>s« at ' bcyissr: t_ diera tar Ixt-ires;
; efc*ap priees. BRCX5WICK-B_LKE-COL-
J KVDEia. — S2 Mi—ttoa. ac
AX eies— st assert— test c£ « )< -.^— — *» Jewelry
asd sea_ i— tss for sale ea, snail wee— ty pa y-
gesta: rwids detirered ec first pay— teas.
CXTTEDi TRC5T CO.. 21 StaelKen *c-
7-ROOM -ocse, i Jots; fa 1 b£odc et sa*y-y_ri
gxse at Bres»rtac W_ s_ .; •*-.:; tx k.e ._ _-
cosij.s as o&rt r*J'"*" r Owser. OSO3OS
KAXES5. U* F=cr_t aC. ctty.
A — uc xs. jells ac rests rear T"* / *^ t "-" T y. ea-
yiana. tcg*rs. water pipe. «>^*>?^r. p_ _ «ys.
ete. WH1TELAW. ?B-rg Spear sc
A— THS <P. J. O_> C— Ifor— a »Irt— r-d
wy*.*irrx rtsss far sale by tie POHrTLAXI>
J 11 'A id. RT CO^ 25 Stocfttoa at.
OSTRICH pl— ate* ac stascf— its— rs* prJees;
tiia weei c_ty. Fletsr de L_ yirfrery. M4
MiAUlJtsr it.
REFUTABLE place fc> rss t res a f f_ 1 dress.
Taxado or Prrsce Albert adrs. X. COOPER.
2Z S— ic— toa A. (for— «riy at P_ x« Kjc«i>.
TRY cir a_ts "a a_ ces at $1 and $1 SO pair;
fect-fa— 1 sscea at $2 SOz we pay ex^e* s
char* ea. 11 3d sC. Fran, bid.; cx— Ice- tree.
DlAMOXES azO. Jewstry «a —_g w*e_Ty cr
grnnf?i;y paysieats. DEREMER'S. 137 Msxc-
racae— jr sc. rrxat 12. — ps_ Urs.
SAFSS asd casa registers, sew »->.< secssd-
t-sd. L FREEMAN. 1325 Mxritst sC
REGISTERED 1 , pedigreed ecE* tir_a a_2 pc-»
fesr sale c— eap. 3C4 Fredta aT», sr. P»,"-'^t_
FOR aa Se — Two % i— :a beds. —taT— -eases; a*aa
etl aeatar; cseaa. *47 Hyde sc
CROCHET be-ipreaZ Flat U 113 T<___%
streec
BARGAIX3 _ 2d-fca ad caaa rsjtste— . tsefcsi-
_K Xa'ica-Ij. r=xrx_teeii; t-raa. 14 T_rx *c
SAFES asd d«sks. prices rlysc — t R_r*a rdsoa
Br:«_. 123-125 ?»-?w Mastsmaery. or. M— vtea.
Wallpaper. 3*^e: patsc $1 rai.; patst— et. whit-
_«ats». Mertrxa. 13C2 W-as cer; teLSte&er 3S71
2D-HAXD Wdy. __tsr!_I: te=i>sr. dc«». ixsa.
p_a_ . =_ter_L Tae Dc_ a Ca, 1B37 3&XZ.
FULL Cae tf drMisaieis* aampies ta S— tps aa d
' —^ r ='^»: fc «al-. gjgttg at 23 Sta cton ac
AX *"*si2t sea Isk— t far sal« fsr $75. 5 S-
crRrry loax .& trcst ca. n stccitss.
FT-EGAXT dUsic-d rtag. $50; tarsta $5 per
sicnt— . P. V. GARIX. 133 Meet— are— ¦ st.
SLOT wrarrtfTini. all aa —ds; Iow_ rt prices. Can or
writ* CAL. MACEIXE CO.. 41i Sacrassesto.
SCOMS pa=er«d. $4 cp: _st_y. pal s_s*.
Eartsiass Fxlst Ctx. 3_» T-ird; tat-M— _ 413.
DESKS bo-xsC sete xad *i;_a -^*-*. T. D.
McCarthy C&v. «C7 Mi— tea sc; tei. Setts SU.
', FOR sale — Ftrst-cJasa new brfcka. Apply DR.
; _________________J___i_____________
XOv iXG ph.l.u.«9. tt '»gT^ Iasterss. sale, rest— 1;
barrxlsa B_Oari Jfc Brec*. 131 Poat sc
£AFES — New aad fecocd-aaad. TH3 HER-
' MAXX SAFE CO^ 3gl Bxnery sc
GASOLXXE *_ ris*s. astezacbCfs aad _s_ c_o;
ag atars. J. E. DOAg. 44 Fresaast ac
¦ 1 MTTSTiYi ft TTEQ— S W_ 113.
AA — BUY any xaioc_t roc*t SJ-_ __ _ 2Ees* 4
I ciea's cfaties. 922 Falaoat; :4 T;l«3 3322.
DLVMOXDS asd_rr*c_-oa staces a.^sa; fcr
caj_ SAUL E3ER A CO. . r?o— t -t- ii. Ai-
i3j tl.l*-.. 2S«t Ke— rsy sc: p—snx-* BL— t_ 3i;3rL
WAXTHD— Two- <«cc— d-_ xsd d_ _ i*er aa d
Price Job presses for can-, WrUa box 333«5.
: CxU cCice. _________
HIGHEST prtees for 1— lies'.sscts* cx kz iff <_c_t -
I etc tts. . T*L Darts s25; <2>> Sacraau— ts sC
HIGHEST prices paid; re—ts* r— 5tci? clo_is*;
asd — joea. Tei. Red. 1544. C5 W_ i_ — t«toa ac
TILTOX wasts r*rai secced-b— sd ctotatss^ tzd.
taeatKcal roeds. 134 Ota sc; tei. J«sa!* 2531.
atoanrr to EOftav _
—MAXHATTAX LOAX COMPAXT C—_>—
v>... AST AMOCXT TO LOAX
- INTEREST 5^i AXD « PER CEST
I crrr, oaklaxd. towx-axp cocxtry
PROPERTY
S«cc_4 csertsajw.* Hfe taasirxace policies, es-
Utes la prst^tt. -rsdmj__ laterests ta pr— *-
erty. sret-te mlty I—ias. stcc*ts xad bca d*.
legacies xad _ 3d trtded ts—sreata ts praperty
pcrcaaaed- ' .
MAXHATTAX LOAX COMPAXT.""-..!'
Sdtc I#7-lCi Gzxksz Udt-z p—Rie M—a 3024.
AAA— EERMAX MCRPKY.
&(n.-<tC2-&2i Exx=_ser fc_ Sitas.
Q_teJfc set_en:eat»; ao _ i*pocfatai*s— . '
S^Te expeases by.dealisar dtrec— y.
Estate, second mc:-i-«i. _3diT_!ed istsr-
i tabs, aislss— __ts cf. rest*, property _t tnssc.
' EC— — • tea— cfes. I_ :• cstace* a_d _ _ltT_— — is-
taresta _ » property p_ r__sed_
CsartscT29 tr*_t— i-ssc - Scrfc — y o^r;'!-*-»7T < lir '
- » - - . Woes Yea Xe*d Msaey. •
See HSRWAX MURPHY. '
wtliTloax
A-rexscn— ale aascs at oa
t*c 2d er 3d
McrtTaare-. ort real estate > er
CT*attei3. ta dry. ta»i
cr cocstry.
Low- rxte- cf EsxaresC
Gir» C— Q par— c— _ rs
cf peeggrtg or caatte*—,
- Locx— ea.' etc'
.:Bcx 4&X Cx3 cfsce.'
SALARY LOAX3—
Mzs.tr iaaa ed a— I a. rt»d pecple wttirct aec sr-
• tty cr.—uiorse— £*_ c tasowted^: ef e_ rpfcyercr
| ' -'aay cce; ce— Me— __ asd «cr:«ci* _ __a<:-t;
f--c_H aail tet terat*. Dni;. «.! Fx— «i titj.
I A^-OX f_ rsttare cr ptascs at towVst rates: aa i
I ¦'; .reaso*xl: aa pcafidty; xbo* — s real estate: I
| ?;: 1st er ii mcnsmjr?» cr oa asy sec— city; asy |
( . mTTitnrnr O. W. BECECES. 3* Geary, re ce 3ii. .
M0XET fe-aed ta aalx ried pecpit. retail sier- (
; . -t-vats. tea__t*ra. ¦ 6o_rd_i-_c-sses. wfc_ect
*sec_rliy; easy payaicsza; Ixrre sts_ teas ta 44
'.; grTrrrtp-l etttaa. ...Tnt-'an. 553 Pxrr stt bMr. - \
HIGHT.Y respecti ibte ¦ prtrxts place ta I cftta?ri
' liberal I ad-raseea cs dbtsamd _. *»w»iry, at X
. per ee— t - ttteresc B— 65w_ t Jewelry 5t=rs.
90S Market; tei. M—a IfrttT Brxaea 1» T_£rd.
TOCXG * COl, roast SU Pa— get 1 Mrty.. Eaxa
axeney cc f— callare. ptxs:*, «ts.. at a5oot
¦tali tae rass e_ irjtd by etaer peopie; siart-
" .^ [¦!*¦ at T^^gtt rats* asd T— «^— * paSd ci.
A— THE ! Par— asd Jew -try C— , 25 ¦ Stoci— — ; sC.
i Ic— as ascsey es dtuxoois. t_ ftt ables,- etc. at
¦I"- 2 jser.eeat^—r raref— * . . " . ;: ..-,*,. -,"-",-"".:
L «a_t cs f— rait— r«.~ p t-.se* ' xad ot_ er seer rUJea,
ss $25 «pi-. wftaect r*-sff»_ t ¦ . Tae N— rt! 1 Aassrl-
caa " Realty asd B> 1 _ d C— , «T> Cofcrsifc Ua bfde.
M rXICtPAi, 1/>AX OFTIC3*. *JJ SCxrksc sC
w"~ 1' LOAXS FROM,«,TO $1».£«O. i
PRIVATE— it aaey k— _*^o_ r s_xrte* j wttaaot
. _' sec— rity; ""iSxsasc ids ' ar ; c_ attsis: • _ a t fee; . so
¦:^e— g.: cat rate. CaS. -' T >imnj7nrjn;¥mmBt taa.'
MO XET. esattel*. 4tser pecpavt— — _ C ?B— ssaa A
; HxH. v rscis 1213 C_S tHg; p_ ooe • X^^n 323.—
Pim Q— BTi^ Om— a— . .
A — WVB- G2iCtCB— 1 U
DERM-*TOXOG73T.
Has rtsaj - i*d b*r parSar» ta 143 Swcktaa sc.
Csaa>--crsx— fc£d»^. <— »r Rrcx I *fcce ttjr*. — >.
CCy cf PsrJa. —a 14. waert <a« w!*i eoo_— i«
ta treat s— ¦ patrcta far all f— g— 1 1 bUrs—jQ ea.
IH2 Star Eiir *— «_e«Iy wafcms rray t»:r ta »-
prc^es •- j sr«wtX stcsa r^?t-»»T csrea **¦—*-»¦*
a— d tt eft :ac seal?: s* atala or r_ <__ aa-sa;
cX— laeesscs^jtat— rrg— tsnr. xatrl— tsawra" : ac-
cept tc seas— nt*. Sur E»_*dy c<x. 1333P— k.
[ CS. ROWTT.I/S Ftr» «« LiJ*. a sa— crr-» far
rag'i iitcy paraly— a. aecxr— t^ta. pc*asy»ti*J —
sore _n»i ets. =¦; -I by — 2 _-_ crisca far
t «*«r 2» jaars ; prtre »:•«. M— 3=—T»cr— rwi a— UJy
__________________rx_______»______.
SXS7 «o «ar_ t— Barrada* H'»w. kidaey. apaa>
asd «?"¦>- acn rr- :^S.*« ?3rW; II.
B— RKACA5 UXD1CAX. CO.. I3» O— as a— 1.
A GCARAXTXX TO G3OW HAZ3
Ca t_ • w— — . ba_ 1 bead. Call tr ¦:¦: —
cs. g. 5 mcort. ss c?_>u «c
AT *«aa taaa cest; — — _ _>d f— r «t_ ta> <— a— a ata
aad c-gusgii *: CHARLXS LTCxr. l__-m
TaOer . 721 MarStrg ac
TO C eas bey $73 wort- «C rui-ttat? far «7 »
4— ra aad $1 » per w*e— T. B2HXX_XT
FV.J— XTXLKS CO.. J+> Pest sc. ae— r fw nO.
EAST b— _ <so Car Kea aad Txr_t *_i*
to Or— r. Co-j— traaw T-t— riac. 1—7 Mac
t: a w«c_; set t» t» esdtr $35 13- T.gTwr»^ tOT
Market ac. bee Se— sta aad E2z_tx
B— ROAIXS ta S3* ilttaacatfs; <a— arm.
P. T. OA ROT. CO Ita— — «T aC
CXS ria_r ¦w«i-y k*»s» —a ta — te eagfrrrc.
Art T-Qortaar. 1**4 M*c -ader 3c X— — — a.
BujjeiS— jc» b_ _ • n_ a»»wt; electric 3<iig> Xra.
______
I— mxs %ad r— tlesea. y— c w_t isd b«at _ _ >
taate ta -te wcrid at tCJ 3ntt_r «C
TAILOtVMADS a— 3 $3 3Oi — caat paas* $3 J*.
X— St rfcrefrftfj- P_rtar . ear. Bo— — _ I>ijiailW
MASQI^aAGS Wat—-**, pixy books. *1— ;
eocatry sri*r». GQLOffTSDt - CO. 733 x_
ALTRZDCirt E— rp-aa Beaaa 1— — 1 m —ay
tair ta faa aarsr-l eator; $1 at a3 Ar-Ct—-*.
A FTtAXCH cfSca <rf Tse C_3 for _se 1 '.ujCca
of ii»-rSjesw3U asi a— la— !i.j— eaa — a* Tw»a
epeaed at 1C«J* Markat sc. eppceil* F-ta.
O;g-= __t I1& e.
fMliimi a"3 A3TO 3TCXOSOX3.
DR. CL cTorroXXXUL— Oface aad :-atJeaea>
I1SSH Mx r— rt St.. bee Cca aad Tt— z s«r^r»-
"_ r ases— — a pa_t ta flMiii — : wssaea.
; 21CCD s— a xad rtctx 1 £_«u*3 a seed t£ — .
RJ_ 1OVI_>— P3. — OXG EXM 5*r» &xw.
treats all tCaear-a :f ti« ti-r-rai bedy; far
pa at fbor y_ar« at 1U-11T Ifatnn ec. io» — —
ea ted ac 467 Geary sc. s_mr Learaaw— re —
WCO. Cut »*— — *t -er* doctor— A1J __-
ta*ts g_r«d by Ca_ eae _?r_. 7t4-i C— y sC
P—TUTS.
IXVE3rTSO3C3 patrsarf. T. Pl ITi'.'.ILtA. at-
tersey-«t-— w. 4 Ec— — rt _ Mg^ 332 Mar— te «C
2TJMGXAS231Q AQXJCTX3.
<*"•-»!** SL J— J.i.1'1. a— rca_ _ s« us:; ccc-a-
try cr<i«ra a jpeeUury; fcrrtapo— dsaee an^.Trs-
«<*. 8CS L—r—^3 «c pscai w. —0. AaitTi Kt
rso?Q3A:.3.
PBCPOSALS wCi t« receded at t_e 3-srex-s «f
STS;siJ_f asd Aocs— ata. Xxiry I>*parts— t ci»
7t ft iajtca. I>. C . — s_ I 12 aTcStxx acca. No-
-cvs&er I. : * -*. aad pa 3— cly cpe_ eii
atsly t*t«r«art«r. -> *-—*¦«-'* as :— i X— xy
Y-ria. Mare Xftmict. CXL, asd Poxes So_— .
Vu_. aad tse N*. *. TrVrtinf acjr»tt. 91a
Fr— ic— «o. ' :j_ . as aseciaed. a ; -i^.: . :j cC
Ir xaa issess; _ L3ip». :;.-•;: -:s^ n::;a &card.
Weacia !==*:-.-. ar* _«i ;i_-j __i acce— «:-
i_t*. exs sfaraerSk __-i r_&aer. wtn. _s~>
ccs ri. — «•* 1 j -¦*¦•¦-* -.-¦:.-.:i. iu;;..-a. ccra
tn^»'r-%a L seri2S_vs er^r»— es. fsaurer -S—fKr-i.
paist cr— i— «sl Pcrtlaad . i**rt^ ai— c_ «*4 T*— '-a,
are ciay. '— "«} r:i —I*, cu tr— U* -fc—rc. a_c_ _ Vs.
STXTei. s— x caaves. pUia aad k'ra'— :-:c- ;a
exsTAS, si— 3 xsd i'rui xtt.;^ -.*.-#. Rs»>
x*aa crx— s xa— s_ x. ¦— *~-n. rtir^s ccttss.
__ J. tews—, tar— d. Staip. _eecU*«.
<¦:_-.. t-lijrfiii. — _ __ ets. sr^itrcasesv ;_ -
Sswn. eta, — — aa, theses, bciu. seas, Secies.
».!¦*¦*. - alsaw :.i ; a aad i:-n, — r*l—^ — — _w
spl— £9. p— S«7 b— x— s. t— <es. rfW -t. csxtera.
bccjES. ' ' ¦ ' 1**-^ »— <— ?M^* t Ojtoaxa traca a— £
f__ as*. sa5_ we^sts. bcrse»—cea> atiaceUa-
*-*•;_• a_ rtwxre xad •-\r.i tccis. - X_— e_ ca
Ba — — re— (. N:rt;a e-sery «_seix. _ _ _t rt-
aava. ct-au.1 saw. <a«— e — -M. -—dsr.
aasrt— «tr. srst—istsrer 1 a jbaj _tr. __ _» -
i cr. raw— id* larfTrr bazaar. ¦: — > {- - sise. Sr.
- ansar pise. r*l»»4. cedar, u— — . Taata
. brcsze. — _cet brzsa. a_ cet emrser. _i«ce ccp-
. per. pi; lea—, sseet '. a. i- bar :r ;s. — _ r 5- r;^
p___ __• esrrs— _ tsd tx Ztxs_ at< s_ eet steal.
j J+w-z* — — 1 iti-.. Crescast tsct stcei. sa«(t
tla. ptx t_. s-es? s^c r_— v £re — ae. gar-
des — _te. ti^a.Ti _ _ at. sseet r=si. «_ ic» left d.
r*"t bta — . wxa — — c. p«.r=ra. «ra*t tie. •=rux«
1 «*» _ aseed ;i". cyUsder c— . *— rd aCh sa-ry _ «-
bcteasz. r-m-.i'rm. _ u_ rar. aasralrrs* iv& _ _ .
beeswax, cas:;— or *-¦*=. rcavs. «cc _ _ >Sa,
potx-X lye. pe__» t3S_ Le ?wj •-*••
pet*?, bat— brx— . aaselic r. et&. — c^aer tsa-
ter. tar. bras* 5 ;-;••. trcs pipe. U— - ;:;-•. 0
C—Bser cases, eay.'ae _ __rx*ors. a»— _ taw
pise ffy-.rai» b— Cer — 1 bea, . t_ ;t«s.
etT.. — sa ed iari. tlased sacoo. tissi «J *"• ~_
: ti_Bni ear— «— i-««f . — i- : bsef. trnrarrt — sf:ao*».
tT— airif pan. t_ saed pe_ __«. irr»<-iraai.
prases, r&re. eva^rratsd crea= t. cccca. aarc
pepper, tea. tirmS — aa teaaa; _ _ ed ctrcss;
bexas. _s_»d ccra. t_ taed peas. Aaiencaa
•ea teas*, caaed t3r~irre% pic— —a, cxa_ ed
n'-"" Bataac— *_ d— at pads, biocttaa; paper.
typewriter paper, earbes paper. t=tl*e paper.
;»__». aslspx&r — n. — — icsi— ca— »9 «___¦>•
cry. typewriur rtbto csat tr— _— x ei_C— , ecs_
- dsrebrptsa; pa^er. ofrsejrsr t paser. _ a— i-aa>
jx ii.-er' ? acspil ea. enrtt, . I_ uslesss. ceaDrxt.rsi-
e— ' cletX -serajc— »tsn» ii=p wic_. ec_ ia«
tr«>«^». ear*, -xad ir» gr»_— ?*. xtaX—
cutf— . 5_r_i*Ti atea—Caw rxarss. ¦lissw—ifitxc
—¦ . •«•*-— oface f— r_ ttare. <&«"u.:iwsg *•— ,
card tad—, cab—ec —its— rrtes. ef p . «teas%
trass, feed ;crs;-». >*T**?S' bo_ «rs. tmrftai : 1 m.
; r-^ r — . Un aauw»r. ftrrf art*a; ea c£a t» aad ar*
extter— — a*r»- BTarr^ prepea— _ wU I be t_ r-
_t— ed C7«s a;rt— a*- ra ts _ • aaT7 pay _T-
Cces. =1; Frxae_sx CxL. _ad Sear-*.
Wus. H. T. B. HARBI3. Pxys__«<tr Ge»-
erxL U. S. X. >-24-fr-
•jyf-'i.f*- 1 ' t' * CF CA LXFC3XXA, Barkataw;
Xs— e* ca Ca str* stars. Be £*— 1 rs aad 3Ca — -ta t
M«a — Xs— ee :.» — snt y ctrea _ tat woiiit — . ta
i ar« ititidtrf f— ¦ pert— _ tav t_« la ber -it
r ,..,..v»~ r _.,, s_trr_ U far neeasc— eCa«
tae soct- ir.T *. aa t_« _ ; Cte C_t-
»?jvlU — ' Cx — f ar— — w at Bersa Hey. ''¦'¦'>-'».
aad aa— t b_ £s w_ : be rveet— Kl at t_ • «C Sea
or ta* Resists. Sost- Hi". Ber— ¦_ y. at «ar
b~B— • }». atf Cc—4Mr 24. t3U_ X» — —
win be 1 111 iTulm nl wnt*im — '¦ '."'f^M ky a
cer— aed e— ec_ or be— d cf atdt— ;r. ta fa — ar _ C
tae Re— st* «f tae C_tr— try sf C— iisrsla .
ec=— t» tea '10> se? ceat ef __ —1 w— «
a-f_l«st c— rec«a. ec-di__-*d _ _t tf s— d -Ut
be — cegeed. ta« V.iitr wt:; .*_y «__- tst»
a fci'itei ceetr— ct aad rtre bo—d » t«i_iu
1 *.».>*T»t T _• d-ty aad ct— ix_ — is ta aa-
eardasc* wti_ f*-* b— t ¦"¦* wt*_ 1 t*»— pti in
asd apec— !_ — — nss w_ — a — r- — «.!>> raq— t sw I
ta be a pan — T ac__ 1 caetracc Ta* rlcst _»
reject asy or -3 __ U'aer*&y tiaaci—l.
B7 crier ef t— ¦ Cr=__n*e ea Ono _ _ _f
3-;_lia.n ">' tz-» Beard of 5*rezm
T. B. HEXBICRSOX. A.-tmy so— eta— '.
FROPOSAL3 far Q=art«— aaatar 2csti£ies — Ofc-
*«^» Depec Coarsers— txor. M X«w Ma — t»
i,l^— etj ac. Saa T*— —¦»¦—¦»». Ca _. Oea. 1 1.
1344. — ?e— ea fr-rsrsaLr. tx _ rtpUea !«, 9B>-
iect t> oa-B _ CB^wfrViff*. wtQ b* n— xi»i _r«
___ M— -ay. X— v 7. 1X'4. __t t_«a
ere— ed. izr f_rs_ it _ is; — re tea**, base a. rt*,
stse xsd *.;:?¦?<*. far Caatp Da— 4a. p. L
Pref crcsce w tii be zfrca ti arts eta* — _>¦
sacs— e pr_taet_ra aad ia— sarascsrc^ e— s_ »-
rjT~ ef asd <r= — ity Ihf'Tg «r£— > Ca*
*p>»»!''ir ts tac price of f 3rei*s prcd— c_ ca _ k>
—sty t-srseaj. T_« Catted 3_i:*» im.»u
rataz ts xcxrat er reject *ay ar m3 b_U cr
xay sart taeres;. Iafc— ixt—ra aad V_t<
eroscaa — * f— r_ U — «d ea app<__tt_n. Eswt-
ir*s « -> '^y*~'* i^r pr3VQ— _ — ta &e a*a!ect aad
! ' a— r_*d -P~— e_ _» f <«¦ Or. Mr. SH5S_e«. Xow
O06.~ aad add— sswd w Major C A. De»— ,
Qr.; C. 3. A^. Depct Qb_j -ja — — ater.
SAX FRAXC15CQ. CA— . Orts&er IT. 1304.—
Sealed pr— «— — , - — WpOca:*. -»I2 be re-
ceived _*r» _s— I 11 Vctficx x- ax. Xj»T=_>er
' li 1>74. «-^f taea civ«— fl for tiw <r»ocra«rt:aa
ef aa -saaesreaey besptta: a£-Cifaa=— Caa-
tacme_t. Pr_ii4t> —T Sas Frxacacot Cat . ta-
<-»'«T!r-r pn__tta». " Cmtnogs u«j«.»«o t_ •
i r— at ti.re>ct ar ace*—, aay er a2 — _ fc»
wacle er ta part, ta foe-— goat f-_ n_ — — ca
i asvl— a_ea _ 'W- 5. PATTEX. Awtwint
: C3*rt?rasa»t*r Geaerx L Caia* Qn rtarsa a«r.
, n— pgp atmca.
DXVMJEXO iiim 1 < aii ¦"" nr CO Ca la-
-asy «i X— *— ber X. 13*4. »22 HT a itrt-
d-sd*c>ft. 5>. aaieca-as; ta $43£**. «p_a t»
' - 1* * ser th*r*. «sr sa based - cast-— — :e«.
Tra-ff er bceiu -— <¦ «a T__— y. Oc—eer 25.
1304. at 1 pi. _C
Oa X— es_er 23. £»». wt3 pay aa txs-»
il-rt'lisl. asa-s — — — s so ?— •*!**. ca.Sts lnu «il
cast—— *— xi. esj— xl ta 1c per s_ — r«. Traaa-
- f*r beoi s e_*e S_— ria y. Xa^—abjar O. t»H.
i: '. - a— .¦B~7» 5Je at —^if>*. ncra Ztt
_US» kUt-. —i F*xa__ca, GSOl J. iiSM-
' » tyGTCX. ae-ret-ty.-
TX-FltlaT Kl f " "^ A3TS SU^P_I K ¦,.
AS cacep-boaSy r~« Xa. Z Sea-ar-aTxaTi
P; Tii ' *¦"'¦, I— i; «t_ er up««:ues» _ t
; ?iyi»r aa— - lewer praces: ns ta— $3 SA. T_ •
Typewrtt-gr Exeaxsje. SX C— iTsa-— tt.
2Z>-HAXX> uje»tiaers ' a — d. ! ncaUdL nwTnal.
' .-_ Webtar Tf jewi— ac taapec Ca-Sa Wii_ «. '
Cob— b aed on Psaf;e FB—ctwiJa,
A-UCERAT & REABT. 834 acd «3S CSay sc
Fa_ae Mx ta ;c+«.
Leadisx Esipicysacst xsd I_ isor Ares ts.
"«"« sp«_c — e Gecraa. Freaci. , Itxl— a. .
Scasd— arias. Greeit. SpasJa la." S— w—rxa aad
Daniaa lasrsxjea.
13C3 we zxTe -JSC* we aspe . to
<3>,«3<X> — isa work. lac— ease ©>.<»*.
CARPEXTERS. i* '
4 carneaSers. C— Ix v«rxs Cc_ —ty. Iocs Jab,
23 25 dxy.
5 cxrpesters. fare 1C<:. t* w » M day.
3 rasefi. ea— estcra. '. fare $1 25i. $44 fans —
3 t-i— _t sa— — 1; 12 eabiset-c— Lkers.
LOOS!
*. MECHAXICAL.
a. •>,{¦! y5r«T->>rf(«; ii> carp«aters.
« pferstBers. sorta. fare paid. 3 scmrs . ~" day.
4 traa. —old*—. $3 Zt> dxy: X plaster era. $4 3«>
day;- 5 i tr____— *—;¦—__—— asd sticker
ca ted., ' ¦ ¦ .¦¦..--..
2 pile dri'rer ia*a. ee_stry. $3; day.
MtTRRAT 4 REA£>T. 634 and 43* dxy sC
A— r - :: " -.- '-^BEADTHESS '-¦¦ ¦¦¦"- .
CARE5TXLT: *
5 exjeriesced c_ toXea. ptcksrs. $15 week.
3 cos— ers. *<-'-•; 5 ara!sf«— iga. ctty as d coca-
try. $33- and forrad.
. AboI* paeicer. ea_ctry. $32 Zfr aad ff~nfl.
15 FARM HAXDS.
12- plaw teas tsta >?*. S3O ta> $35 asd fst_ _L
C s _3srs: S eitarecKss. prtrxte xad r*_ cses.
» I* BOTS, BOX FACTORT.
12 laSor-rs. loniber — tspaisy. scr— t. **X
Boy fer rrceery Btain^, ctty. $7 wee— .
2i> Iafcorers. cttry asd eeostry.
MURRAY St READY. «34 asd «33 Clay »C
A— ARE YOU A t
CCOK. WAITEH. DISHWASHER. POR-
TER. BUTCHER OR BAKER?
t2 buteii»»r*. city asd eoastry ab ops aad
a*as«i!ter fcocae; block, frstcser, fare $1. $30
asd *¦:__!.
Saasaxe-sixier. sccta. S4* aad fanad. ¦ .
Saeep asd her fctttcser. $74 ta $lfl»> taonta.
4 eflcks. 5 w— u*rs. S dlaaw— jiers a ad *_— 3-
ea aasds.
MURRAY Sc REABT. <34 asd S3* Cay sc
A— GOLD AXT> SILVES.
COAL AXI> COPPER-
MIXES. MIXES. MIXES.
FTTE
Maccr=« a__«n. riid _dae. Mxrlpoaa Cocs-
ty. $W.
TEX
Eaad ETine— . gold «juart3 _ise. $S2 ML
TEX Ct>AL, MIXH31S.
. STATE OF" WASHIXGTOX.
Gccti siise; rc«;d accorsa—ki— _qju. $3 ti $3 50
r«r dxj-.
Se*> us abcot it: it's gwsl.
MUER.1T ft RSADY. «34 aad «W day sC
A — LATE SPECIALS.
LATE SPECIALS.
FxTTEer xsd wlf» yocd Jo&v $3*J aad M.
itarrt*d _ trrsiir. » work tzc wife. $39 £_
FORSMAX.
Fcrwsxs for scra?«— .rxsy. $55 fi.
BOO*\K.KgTPER.
Bockjceepirr and stsnc«rayhi»r r sxsat s_LrksC
coactry »ee b^g» agr». f5O xsd fatx_ d.
¦ TYPEWRITER.
Ysas? nuta — a^irss «a-ie£opes fcr _— s"
cf£c* cy trr*'« r n-«'-
Bcrjy TrasJj«r. ctty stasis*. $«0.
• Gerana. cocscry tesssL- fxre $2. $5* aad ti.
PC* drtrer sr_--- GoT»rni=eiit work. $3»i.
G<?--I> MIX5L
ff aaad jstsers. ii_ircr arts*. $jt2 5Q>-
2 encters. z-?M s — aw. ««* *r<«a aere. $75.
WOO-CCHQ PPER.
1 in at«a —v efcep. atcn w«cd. acrta. saoi fccj-
fcb fxr- $2 50-. $2 corf.
MURRAY * P-2ADY. **4-*I* day aC
MEX — Tt* ORIGIXAI» JXO. A. MOL£*H Eas
op«c«sd eae cf S_i £1— iota fcarfcer eolleeea at
«44 Clay sc; tr_i* taagit fcs * wseis; tsttioa
exr—»d will* le—r-uay; ccastx at prxc—ee; ex-
pert tsat— /rticss: pesi—cca <raa— 1 ateed. CxQ
cr write (acrrect a_ aie*r> 444 Clay sC
AT.r. — tec — Barfc«r trade ta— irat ta taxfeer
sccpar wajr»s p_ li wb2j» le_ rcta^; _*» aeiy
practic— I SaKitni. 647 Ccci— usre_ 1 aC ,
WAXTED— Ftcrist dssty-Mr a_d e__— C7»:
refersace rs«r*— *•¦— ' AfUraw. ¦ fcca 3iM. Cx IL
TWO — :ea wasted to Ieara barber trade ta
*ic-: tii" paid. 731 Missida sc
CAXVAS5ER5 fcr s«w preposition- Ca*2 after
3 p. s— 415 Ele-jesta ac. Oa_ iasd.
MEX ta tears Osa datecttr* prqf_B —on. 107
Market re. racai 134.
FOR SALE-f-A tarjxisr -t*o-«—-r barrier
sicp; nittat «-> E— «t. IKS DeTtaa dero sc
MCSldAXS ta >ita. EiSitary t— ad. 32S Ba a—
sc. _— rd gcor. rco— t 4.
BARBER stco far sale' ca ' Mxrkst . sC; rery
rexsca aUe. 1 Aocly ' C_O • eface. ¦ -. •:•¦¦; "¦'
SATLORS asd erliaj— ry cexatea tzr «Q para «C
ifj* wcrti at KERMAX"5. 25 Stscxrt sc
M3*X wasted ai 137 3— st, w_em sic-e« ar>e ¦ r*-
3«ired by — £— c—fcery; sew»d soles 1* srfc_,73<_
SAILORS asd ¦ yVic; iy' bmb _ — _*s> far
ssipa- HAIXEERT. 511 Jieiaca IC
LABOR d*hts ecCectsd: tat— C *tt_ _ _ eatx.
Law and AJjcatmdst Co., 32S Mcnt*7— r. 415.
PEXHOS At£y .. E_V Bnnia. r. 4<X Fa«— 3 biir.
Past Ccm. Ge». H- TSc—iaa PoeC G. A_ R.
WIXCESSTEH Hot'I, « T_ ri «C sear Mxr-
*_ >t — T."0 KOias; 33e sixtitr rex dZas; rcnaj;
frs« "bca aad biTj-i^ 13 asii. from, ferry.
ALL. sixes —ten's sfeces. s!i?Stiy dasiaied. s_tf
price. ZG iC— tven ac. fcec lat asd 2d sts.
soiuzcrross wutid.
W AXTEEV— AetlT-?. edacai^i «ea af tea— ess
atmty ta sell tae aew Ist*r____— T Eect -
eiopedJx. DODD. MKAD * CO^ 541 Par— tt
tt_Sd_i r.
M.VX or Teems ta asrus ta QwVNmf: $4 a
Hoasrs — ari> vAooara. :;;"
FOR •xl- — Far wxat ef ase. a bemstfT_f pair
ef .taatraed pc_ les. bays wtta black petals.
51 tsc— es fc: it : kf— <f aad cescle to -irr t» s_ v-
'. gie asd doc— te. Cas be sees at'. tae Otysipic
Cltiii r—tSfca. S03 Sattgr »C . ¦ ,
FIXE itres bcttosi pastTrnje; sre*a feed year
rsc— 4; s«xr Blaei Dtastocd. Ccstrx Ccsta
Cocaty. Xaclece Stab&s. IM Stareasca. SJ*.
XEW ! aa d «ecc_ d-axad berries, atxsreya — — i
wxjeas. K-O Golden Ga.ce are.
GOIXG oct at bestseas; -••-» aad secacd-oasd
*lt::s »ci d caeapv I-i-s) Mimian. sC. sr. 13CS.
AUdTOX sal* cf _ craes. wa?oc» »n t f ft a— t«x»
erery TCedaoeay xt 11 a. ca. 327 S— t_ ic
WAGOXETTES, sc— «ys. ba^Ttes. wx— «ia. aar-
Beaa>. work £ f£rtrt=jr her^g. 13ta-V_C*__a.
ljri y. - 1 3COTTSBS TO LTT.
A — FRIXTED tint of tccaea xa let; sea i for clr-
c— xr. G. H. *nCBSIIXacCOL.2aMa_t»care— •
BROADWAY. 1332. sear Lajrssx — 8 — — aa.
tA'.t: ajarhi* rtew; reat $42 30u ¦•
gOtTSSS YUTLSTtfrBTm — PO» »«t.-»
FOci sale^Ftsety fsrsisbed &eaa« 9 recxas;
reat rexscca fete: pays w«£L 27 LaskSe *C c<-
twe«s EIja-! xsd X— _ . eg 3t— ita g. ¦- -~ ¦ .
r — «— at— a cha ras.
SOT .IT. restad. ex_— usr^d: tcaasf— ctarers of
y 3 — „ tricycle cTair. SOTJ 3iQ:C ;t«t.Par- 773>
3&OST AJTP ro~ ~ p.
LOST— M<m_y atttrsewn. tetw-«a 3-J3H aai «
tf"ciock. a red it gr »eBfi_c—^ Fla tier .will
pfeiis* recirs. t» safe deposit tra— it» at Crack-
«r-1Taj£»ar_ ' Baajr and receive ttberal re-
wari. ,.;¦ ' ¦" ~ » r p '¦ ' ¦¦ .' . »i .... 4 -
LOST— c2*t . s»-sdfia* gonaustae cpera f £— mcs
wttlt - fietacSAbie _ t_ die.' 6__dierca£efs.- etc. 1
ReK— t t» 3iasv_ s" Mistc £*5rs. 933 Hxrxst
sc. asd ret tew*-:— '>
LOST — Stan fay .' afteracac ts TlTea Op«m-
bi mste.-' 2 E_ iy*s cj£S watci.- Piease r»t=ra
to MISS MaeXEILv 3S Gtoa Par* a—-., oiT
TwtKtt ac. bee Miaatoa a. sjj Howard; rew_ r<l
THS .party ..«— ? pficked' cp> dxrSt q_ _t eaCirf
at Escort— at aiatit 4 p. el Tuea. L» _ ustts- j
Please ret3rr» ts.*C5 Gaerr«r» re. j
LOST— A-w-ttt belt doc. yeCcw SJHIC3. *arly
Mocday isarsins; answers ts same af Dgjcs.
Pfesne c— a— i" to- 31 4 TRir-edt n. .."/./
LOST— Oct.- t?. : _=*tayst br= oca. - pt_a tet-
tta«;:,re'*— r_'.' Adii— a* box 3423. . C— ! J. . ¦
LOST— Ttsesday, •• eoeker spaaieE. - Tr»^» . Teddy.
; Ptease; Ratify »S> OfFarrea ax.-. , .. ¦• .¦ ¦ :
LCST — Gold. da. — asd letter . -R— at— fiaed.
Re— era tf ret— ; and to 7X8 We&ster «C "..; v ;¦-.-
LTKS FIXDIXG.MOXST. . t
. SeH_t % ynrr cii geld : xad »Ir— to t_e Med-
era Watca Case Fxctary t» be sad* lat» aew
wa— tt cases. '228 getter aC . :.-,-. „ ...-¦ -^._..
? r m 7T*e H7 H P^ FOS m 1 ay y
C" Ai»— XEILX. XACXCH COti foot cf CUy
": sc: far pteas-rre; aa4_b«a_K— r teL' Bust, lit
J.'Micfeaelis Lar___ C_,-e_toa-«cWaarCr bcat-
: ¦ tsc k. eiaursJcaa.'; 5 Stanart ac; tei. Jaaa 2—M.
-ca— — h iTrssr—s 'am. p" _— ] _«>» _;-.'r~C
TO order; —aa«x ted.' dlsi-feeted (f~n__deSy4-»
-.- prscesa); exeeHeat exrset cieaaias. EOPS3E
.' JBRQg, 1OS-34 Ha— an* st.'; p— a» Sactagg.
- - --' ; .- __UJJMI J— TP JLL»— jf^. .-,'.^- .¦ <-. -
P MAKE ;a:ipe«__ty sC-mntof maA sifslsj
¦ -property-.? A. D.' REXFRO, Crsaaiey b&Jj. :-,:.,
EZ1P WAS f~ E3?--— E3x-J^S—Cc3r-— sect.
AA— EMPLOTES* REGIiTER CXX.
O-4Z CE3OXICLE BLXXL JAMES 2521.
Expert c*____aJtar. Al ! salxry.
Gcc<i a_ a'Scsrciief sai«saiaiy, Ai salary.
Expert Uce sale— _dy. rood salary.
Knit, osderwear salealadj-, pacd salary.
Sr."*sc^ra.;i«r. H3 — rofi*-*.
Leather bxzrz-r asd desiyner; racii salary,
j Caco;_-ji Cpser. Al salary.
} CTBL fcr r^"»rxl hcs»ewcr*c asd csckisj. 23»
Pise sc ...
f OOITFETEXT jtrt. rrsentl acasew— rk; wx— »
«2*. After » o'clcex. 72» Cote sC
. LADIES^ — We wi3 tsxch t_» carter trade fr-e
to six sxre !xdies aad pay tae— . $14 ex e_
for t« S weeii; cxU cr write. JXO. A.
MOLE.ITS B_rfc«r CcCe«» tea— ect XBa_<eri,
.«44 Clay sc ' . .*
EX-p-rRrryrrrn j*«r ¦.* -^<-Kt^- —,—.-——,
c»»ra**a. cr>ats-xsd Ju— ipers ; *t*ady war— .
LETI STRAUSS £ CO, 32*4 Fresiaat ac
... Apply ta Mr. DaiTla. "
EXFKRIEXCED ccatatalc— s fcr Iadlss* fiscy
— Oar pwaj aad e-rmira; wraspers. COX.
1£X4 Pts« »C .
FTFTT lx£ie» ta aell Rawix sd ta stxs taaeotss
dye soap; ess ex— 1 J12 ta *13 ->er weei; exU
asr t-ae. - C22 Eayea eC
, TALEXTEI> asiatecr p«rfcr=-erx- Apply at
C=gtgs. t- p, —l •ygdjgada ly; salary so aijetrc
[ EXFERrSXCEO sIjct- fexsd wxsted. COX.
1314 P_ e *c
t CXRL wxsted at 1S5O Gr«ea sc. tetweea Oe-
j txvta asd L*nsa» for ceaerxl accsew_r_
FIRST-CLASS I »kfrt=_ _ ter wasted. SCHIM-
KEL _ EQVER. »:S S«ter »C
WAIST asd sKrt teipers wasted at 234 Pest
sc. rocas la.
W.O.-TED— A rtrl 1= faasily cf *; eacatrj;
wagtg S25. Asply 2224 CLiy sc
GIEi. wasted ta wcrk ea L_w eccm—tsa. Xew
Yark Cer__s Eacse. 132* FIE— aare.
BAG cgera-yi wxsted. 1U C— y «C
GIP.M.O1 rtrl for reaerxl becaework. A- 3 ty
»> T-T-=^r-_a._t sc -
aZLP WA3T T — T>— »r___s.
PEHRT'S Mg.CU.TEX BrRELVU.
6c«i Mxrket «cl rwaa 323, 2f_ t 2ccr.
Of ice fceers, » a. as. t» 3^t> p. as.
Bookkeeper's asststa— C SIS t» <25 wvek.
Sl»=csrx?fcer. Ji5 week.
3fosa$«r departmest <cc— . S3 week.
BUI asd estry clerk. J13 week.
Cbeciw. 115 week.
Ttsxek eepe— . |_ }• w»*k.
Acmrcat— at. J15 to $2$ weei.
Coilectsr acd aollcitcr. S15 week.
Ftc«r manager. $1S we*k.
Er ar d«ri. J12- a week.
Trj siljcis* c£<rka. JI3 wee—
Drxaystscixs. |l« w»-k.
G*s»rir oOcs work. JI5 week.
Ex =i clerk, toad refj^trsd. $23 weei.
Toca-y tsxs tears desr—stry; |1» week.
Marittt sc. ra«:a 225, f__ 1 aoor. '
AA — E3TFLCTES* RSGI5TKa CO..
64-JS CHROXICLE BI_>3. JAMES 2S2I- -¦
Mx=afftr cx— <t departatest 1125
Watca reratrer xsd «,>»••?;-¦; $75
Ciciy bet— x i£i Sl»
Masarer dry raeds $75
¦VTa.tch=_ _er, ctry ........ — rood salary
Ensnv»r. ctrj ................rood, salary
Ctty sa lescias ................. aaiir— ¦
Ccl>ct.-r to sell S&%
Al £or_t ..._, $13 w_,
Turs* saxa. art ¦_ K« ...... _$-s wk.
Trasc sr-as. boc"_ta*p*r $40 aia.
Flcrxl artist $17 wlc
Buy»r. pccltrr st3re..............Al s_ Lary
Sx±*rrr.ar. stessfls $3<>
Bsg.ir-r washer ST ZO day
Eo<i»* caistsr, t_ti7C . . J"> Z<} <ia y
Mstxl pofTifte— y bc____— «. etc $13 wk.
AT EORO A =_OTH*5. j
Centra .cton* Arsats. 95 Taird Sc
AMADOR COCXTT.
Tea— iarters. SZ.
L-:rx Jcb. Gocd carrj.
*^*^ ft? trlsr. 'j ri*g. wcrSc. $2 T3.
Electrtctas. _Itga_r!rfg wcri. $t'"> ta $3a
Teeny rr.in far <o>_u fsca_ us. IS.
Ij__t*r pile—. a_r-s. C ;5 a U
A— ASTEfiiCAX "SDtPLOTMEXT BCSSAC.
*42 Ccrrrr erctal sc Pii cce B— aa *33.
Coc— . te*tituti«a. »co<i Job S-M f *.
4 pte-» wa^astsrs. larjs- rasci-. -$3»> fd.
¦ Waiter, city, $7..'»ee_; i alt. B*ster b*r__era,
$.*); 15 oea Bors caarec-L I?c sxcic j
WASTED — First-class sntler far farrrfTy. $33;
; isaa asd wife fcr t arsa. $30; waiter! eocstry r
note*. $3T1: eo>3_ . emir—jy. J30- regta^rags
5«rt— . $3«k. J. F. CRO6ZT— * * CO, _» j
Sacrasaesta ac
A— HOTEL GAZeri-ii- 2S M-_t?=cie— •. r. Q.
NUrat cierk. ccuatry tctsl, $4*>.
TOCXG taea eT«rywtar«. ccpy letten. aetae
e»e— _ars.' $& !•> w<eei: tsoi addr»siwd *ct*I-
epe fcr r»rtic_lar». Manager Depc 'W 12.
box 1411. Psi— detafc— » Pa.
L-S.CXDRT ccma—i—toa drtrer - wtt_ . a racte;
-apply _a_wd_ _ «Iy; toadle war— preferred;
state ante— it — work i/tr w«e_ Ecx 2944.
Cx3 cfg.ee. - ' ¦
DRESS rccd* salessxas wasted;, arsat te srst-
ciaas. Apply tetweea i asd 11 a. sv at
KALE BROS." __ . . . T ..
BILL, clerk ts wbct«sal» atrc s<: at—t b« r?od
j(»a— xa a2>i c-rrect. ta Cjiriay: stats xr?
xsd r!f«r?ace9. Bex 342t, CxU effce. '
BOT wasted, ace W: cce wsu tu warxed ta
clctMsar sti?— ¦ jm-femd; references rett— tred.
G-:M-n Eagle. ICtf Kearsy sC
"CASTED — A hey 13 er 1* y-«— -3 do ttrat
aenrtce for bis C'::_ri. wcia asd clctsea. Box
243>. Cxa c£2ce.
LArxCRY driver fwtia rmte> bs; * first-class
—aictt Tasr-drr; literal te— _t."_Vt_ e rtrat
irai; sprCr £=_iedlat2!y.. . Bux 3417. C_ H. -
¦WAXTETJ — Platen p— «et*s: «t*a.£y j«o«l_on. '
t<> r?cd mac. Apply SAXBORX. VAC &
; CO.. 741 Mxrist sc
$*»— 5TEAI>T r rel—il* parta— ta estatttsa-d
fcostaeas; E*r» $?0 swataly ta •_ d c; *xyert-
; ecc* casecesaery. Appiy 2$J Feurta sc -
OXE or two siea to tears a^ood trade; steady
work: so _ test or &x_<i*y work; $25 sec—rtty
req—tred. Apply 212 First aC
PAXTS xsij rest caxer far coast— . : A^ty
RTES BPJDS. A CO. 2* S«tsr rt. ¦
BT waclssaie- korae. ys— asr. erpertRiced efSee
clerkr state references. Box 3-127. Call efaee.
BOO" BI— CK w—sted te barter s_~y; steady
work. 10C« Mia ot— ; st. ,.
WAXTSD— AH a— —id siaa f— dattcatsaaes.
stsre; sacrt accrs; $4 per week. «ii L_ rkia.
"WAXTED— A r=«d pcrter as Flaw Barber
5i-j. Oaklasd. ¦ -. -* ¦
TEX painters wasted. , ISIS Bcctasas. sC
K» BARKERS _» toy ear aew crard of r«aors.
G- A. TROST Barter Etsppir Ok. 3O* Mxs— .
FOR «al« — Twa carter sscca. ce* 4-_ air. cne
l-cSair; cheap; part c_sa. 527 Saerxaiesta.
BARBERS — Best 2-cs—r trasaiest step la Sac-
raase— _ r for sale, fttrgtire 2£92 Mbeica it.
BARBERS — T— •te-'Caatr «a— 1 far aale at a bar-
C— ta. 1CS0 Vale— ctx tc „ .
MEX ta lexra txrter trtde; esly efjst wteks
recj_fcr«4: caly !_ a_ tstica teaeMsg tse taa-
aert— I arc .Call er write far free cat— fa«^». ;
Spec—I eCer . Mc_ler .B_rter Cci;-?«. **»
Sacxssesta sc. , ., - , . ..-.-.-.
ALL TzaerapIcTed derks. fc«:k*t»*j>*— ¦» c*csas-
. fcs. sxtHed asd _ssx3fei lab.:— r s. are ferrtcsd
CJ rwrifter wlta cx free cf esarre. . HORt> £
SMITH. 85 Tt-ri sC. Saa FraagUca. : ¦
WAXTED — Mca and wc&ea « :orec*r» •far-i
Co»«r3 act scst—csa. Ascly - 3r free ea.ta- f
loins xtcta« partirir— trs. Pxctac Oa-respcsd-
.esee E-rtJtaxe.-. Grant tiiar^.' 1CS5 Mxrkst sc
W.orTEIV— I—bore— f__ csecaxafes *3 kacir
_ at E<1 RcQ— t. Rcao Esoae . p— prletar . Jtxs
- added t!O new raaas ta tie Detrrrr Eccae.
217 Third sc; 25>> roosss; 23c ta SOc per strsc '
&. F. Barber CfcCese, 741 B_— ari'sc was.ts aU
yocsz cusc ta kaow test t U aas tae fisest
ec-iP«d sefeooi west ef se. Loctia; red.'rat«s.'
I WILL. tea«a yea xa aberat life tessrxsce xad
btt ta »«il tt: write far te— sa aad «pcctst-
»-~« -tw ec r»n «*g#*. - 1
STTBMAXACTEH.' als» tcCcits— : Pa-Sac Mats al
t— f e. S»:fl Mctuumct aC t; call sarrala^s at
' — c— » 32-32. 7ta Cecr; reference* req_ tred." . ¦;-
GET yoc r saow oair-«cfad waHe waltbr; 25c
t» SVi.' 5<C lUsafctt sc. beC" Ijt ftad 24 jtx,
cr 11 Ttird.sC. 'TTa-!r-or.t!fff'.«»- a: ._;¦ %
TKT «r ie*c'* s&aea. — — Ses rraiV; $1 a->^ $% 39
ralrr tcat-f— .— Jic«i. »! W; w! pay ezp— «¦
e*iar— 9. 11 3d ac Tit Am,', fcli. »p*a tfil ft p_ c
TCCN'G tiis :•— ¦ tm c*erk_> w!_ri*sKi« son**;
j_u« *~r a_d • Bex 3432; C_3. t
WAXTEI>— B— • t»- carry, eat kread »;"* aeip ea
- eakec Ptcoeer Bakary. ear. Clay aad Mucs.
FOB -— 1 — — _~t-c_afcr barber saep.. 779 Fcl-
¦• • son v ejexr*F«— rtfc . ¦ - ,¦¦ _. : -¦„ _. .-,.. . : .^. -- _.
BARBER asd bt_xb_ _k.w_ _•&£ at 21 2» Ssxt-
tacA »t», g_ st Birfctley.: <-_.•-¦-. r
W-STED- 3 — ¦ ¦ £3 — bore rs. I Fo_rtee__ . a»«.
aad X sc Scirta; Keat— -ky-aCfear. « r. -- - -
COOO paytss barber abopi -far -sale : ; «ra—* or
-__U tztsreat. .Sox 3-2X C_ I efic* ¦. ¦ .<" .
¦roar— r to r>OA— — Ccat_rx— l
OX sa _ ries. tea— rxsce policies, e— it___=__-
ra— a. r»-T''' Tatsab&es," etc TTXTTEO
LOAX AXD TRUST CO.. 21 a_5__3a sc.
aexr M_r%ec. .
1 PER east oa f—rsfcare cr pi— acs: so r— Sffr_ E;
ca <?-.s :=iJs:-:=; ao pa Widty; S2S 39; i_*:'.c
«n_5C eoas— esta_ . 2« Ma— crrsiery * t -______
TO sa— rted pecple witacct sec—rtty; ca Cs rsi-
trre. tad crsed cctes asd ct_<K- aursrtty. S.
F. Dlacccat Ars eey. 143 F— — a eid*.
SfOXET ta Seas as Vxw — t— «t; r>i «C*« '. i
I tftaoBftits. c*ar!j asd preet«iQ« suoes be— sat ¦
\ at VT. J. HESTHALTS. 1» s_:t_ *C
DOXTT b— r<— aaoe<— «a aa— ry sata yea see
j ca. Eat t— ! Credit Ce.. *12 Matsal Bask Si :*.
M0XET lea— ed ea dlaaiesds. w__ _«s feweiry;
ec— fd. rxaiagcd Parier Jew^ry Ox.722 M~jc
STAR Loas C_. cf WjseJbx Ec*ss ta ¦— HE— i
e— slo— «. . Eec— . SI. Msr— _ £*t. B— fcid*.
.< T J Joag< cc .ittst ;_ls aad leweEry at 2 per eeat
iro. S. F. Ctni terxl Lcaa «»->. Ji? Keara7.
J % OX taj^U-tt-e 4 c— Bo*; 113 cp; so reiairral:
bo ct— _ V. TREMAIX. ro tas 1 K. C Eddr sC
CASH leased sa — rted- p*cpte — £ gates wttaent
tsd.-^— r. MORR^T-T-L «C9 F>-.-.»-» ; -»f-. T .
y? e y^* a T. f i"»t jftTTYf K '^*f 1
'a^stw^g— xci_^inr— tear BAarxAixaT"
Msssa rti — sc_ ! cprixat. sa • crder.
Flacaer — Ftse crier, Tery rexscax zte.
Steritaj; — Maas^xay case; a led 1 year.
Caltfiertsc — Ifartirpay exje. perfect ari— .
W*ter— M-tocxsy ease, X pedala. C_ > aa— .
- frccz S3& sp; «ajy parsM— =>: aU psar— s._wd.
EEXJ. CC3.TAZ +. SOX. 1« OTFarrva sc
AT f2 per axa ta ip. reat er pcrcax se; Sawsat
te— sa. lowese prtcesi aatS f— ax— C *%-tsrj «J
rew Btxaoa; »U B__es ta _»ed tsstrsa:— _s.
KEIXE FIAXO CO, 223-237 Geary sC; Oa«-
Ixwi. 1232 Br__iway: Lt— «st ex=£_rf— : pUa*'
tacae asd csty =as cfact— rers aere.
yen w_ it za rest a pi— aix eaS 1? er
can ea acsst-Osrtax P— so Co, KO>C-««
Hxy«a sc; t*L F«H S781.
ELEGANT $4C0 pixso fcr H»r prtrxt* pa— y.
3C1 Eddr cc
J3«V— CPRTGHT erase aearty =«w; a aaa».
I HQRXCXG. 2Z< M__gi*t— ac
A PRIVATE party i*fi FSsci— n^txaj. t» ae
tcXd; »133. 237 G<a— at.
5OHMEH. Brrsc MaTtry st_sc*. C»e»yaa P— ae
pUyer . BTROX MACZT. 3gf^gl2 Pcac ac
XET— agrtgst p_tsa» soil ca U mcatiiy »ay-
aieata. SCSMZTZ A CO- IS v-A^t^ta, ,_ •
3-FED.%i. 5t»iswxy cji; Cs_-k«_i bairy — aad; j
5aggtgy»r. Ilt_«> ssed. K*eS»'s. 2a O^FxTTtlL *
O~PTCE3 A" S STOBX3 TO XJT.
ZLEOiST cficea: aew KaCaa-A-MTleaa Baak
Slix. . S Z ccr. MoatXT- ft Sact»; U^it »--f
sassy- G- H. CMBSEX * CO.. 2O JL^rtry.
D3SS rwia la- Sse. I^rat cCice; caeas ta rtrat
party. 34 Geary sc. rccsx 9.
FIXE scare, wtta tajeaeeat: leasa. _S7
s::eit-c ac. sear Be— _tway.
FOR r«rt — &tct— a af lar—* !— ft: Scat _ ail airy
L. MTX3C ie» X«— Maatemse— sc. Tta so—
_ . _.. " _ ' _^._. ' j ._ rj ._ rjL .^'
"REXP-U5IO.- -
SBrspeas- pJtesc^tesa T "*?-—« ¦»-«»—» Radii— — **
be— >r scccaa isc— LTy treats a— ost » per cess
; of ill «r«y < *tsc —riil^ 1 * dtaea_<a>. S*s*gtj
! Tiici. _ te: a *_xtxsc" Ft— E &__=«_!
eela*. cr ~free.~ Eacrs S _» ». TSTa Mai-
kat xsd 1 Fccrta »c
-SCXDATSr* u_»» _i LiiyX. 2 aad « 5. =..
"tr*t™ pcaiir tec sue asd — 1 e "•si—t _ aalsd"
3 £_ *zZ2 Tia»w o£ aTntl«f7i-*s At t— oc a: _Uj3«
Bseetlafs _ te "totally" deaf 3— s* issc_ — — 7
aeard "wsLspers" ta« I««t_ af tee sxS. 33
ff«t; "de— f si=.ta"* b eari x_j Jjci a; t_ 3
I-T'T'*. parxtrtic. et=™ raa asd "ieased."" car-
ryisi ta«r "raeies*" ease;* ar crstdsss oc
ts <*_ * sic til' i • r*i. 1 -•*¦ Ksr^n daeases _rt
beea pra— 5<^ar. wt_<d»rf_lly sc5d-.xe_. caaais^
tstesae taurwt aad sesaa_«zs ca ta« »_i:-
escsa. E— e_ treats m— s ccc-r;i*' sot i •-• !)
aecnrrity "Cssoe.** see fcr ycn_Mlf tf all
tals ts — JAt-xttoc cr a — xail r*al Uy.
Erirac «ay — — ibex of yet— .-— crsf' tJc_
exses aad *¦— _ _ rts* Its. A3 *— 17.** i ir.
wt;cderf_2y —ssrrr-d. fret lie ea liesc <rac*-
; eat —salts of all are ~s_ta I deaf =*— ." *Me— f
.motsa^" "paralrtia t.~ ett. w___ ar* a— «»-
-rfc— !il — tec— r»J_B~ sy — i«4— ise. yet _ setr
t=p— t— sent hy "sjes— ___*d radSrst "* is a
aiere ~__5_" RADIUM w*r.r.. Xa3a Mxrkst
aad 1 Fcss— sc
**R£XRAi7IO~ ae— or p— acrfbes oed— £se. asd
— te c=iy fsarasxa* fee w!U sri* ta —tas tf
Srat tr»a_aeat fa&a ts aei^ yaa it is a_«o-
Istely *"tr«_." Cas aityt— tag be t_ trer? ¦
-Tt-r-yy.^r.Tfys" tw— *— » »—»»—_-» a,-^
tea es— > . csS tae _ c— dt aad *<* — 1 -•»-'— • ef
tae bese-t. If ;<:«s;i;-t. £«?ea£i ca x frw
; fsttaw d_Gy trsxrsests rer— —rtr tx_ a.
~RSrXRABi£y- Jsdcned tr "etty paysic— _ "
at pgW1?r tseertrrr He sa _ !. **1 saw _ _
l-f»trj te_efit se-— ra! cars— se eases — t 107
: c£2c««- 1 **" w *yty ¦ ¦»¦»'! tH^^T^f eta.*" tXasse
at e£2cea .)
- •REJCEADIO' ta caly 3 seccsda Bads aty 30
years' toe—XT' d«xf ear clea rty aexr diita at
*wtisp*r-d* sestsaces ta Tie— of a_ dieace.
laterriew a».~— Mr. B^ <32 M_rk*C c_5— 1J
** 'HEXRAJDIO' «grt*-fr-*T- c— al bj larr* >— o-
; a eft liascer.* I: soca 4ne<Z sp aad was aa-
aorfced. Cas 't :r» see cr feet sltTa&sac at— 1
! <tf ft. Aax tie sscst — xtaf— aias tx dtx-~ —
H. C- Ksctc 112 Fen.
~ -REXRADIOr ta f»w aecesds t«— C_ty*
irzicka— ed sry Iocs *parxrj_edr Unit _ a t_ st-
ly I waited, rxs asd leaped* ea aCy fc«a
tse soor. 5ee r=e." — S. K,»'.:. 17 4tX r. S.
"* 'RE3RACrO r 3' trie* tr-at— seat sstdsfd sty
*s«art" «. ZaetS Bs. palpi— sed ' Tialea— x. _ •-
> - res— txrty, s-s^sa; beats; aaw r*««_r. =_:-
ttrxL so __ss!_^ t*x_t."— >T. Ut_e. 2«1 Hyde.
¦'RiX?_l2iC."' befcre ~* -*~y *^*-iv»i»»- y Mr.
¦ Btctier. r»pr««BX_£iT«* _t . -S- F. Ct rseJeie.—
Cy gee, fcr:-: c— arm a^ss. eassed **de_ f azote"
ta c*e— 7ty —ear' aa d tst^lltxmcy ape—it aea-
t»^c»« a_ d a*__erocs wo ri». Over 29 cf i~ ii-
— — f exci speke ta patiest. «_ p— -iptiy
aeari xad repexa A t_e_ r w_~_ . fBrtaz
«w»j **4e— f Biases'* Si— sday aexl— *^ st*e_ ax.)
"R_ uvKADIO" a—de a seccad ~d-af — :tru"
testa ta fiear asd speak. <— «_ sefy — » ta
' aSore ea s*» ta a local — parai—t— a'a** «gSci
"REXRADIQTS" first sstut crsasasect B^arret-
< c_Ey te-efited ts* dlsaaled Cats ef Mrt
Brace Lee tl— _t Ectae). w»c kaows ta a 3
" "Freeasasc—s" a» ta« ccasrtd wfei>w of
CaL ~Grx_d Ca— aiaad— «f Kat^ats T— »-
¦pla r."* Tse ta a a was tx a ff»rje.ui_ i state.
C— atly t— — atd, tsrcseesely tvoCts. First
trearrT— :t j«>I— ced f-^a— — -»»^w a__ r»tu-
tcx. asd after tie tsir* ts* tsaa — Lssa. tj— t
' was eg.— rety r is •» asd tse ii= i cf -¦»— n"
! s_e. REXRADIO ta!s jNajr^r ts-
: e£J« »at ta t>« tratrrnal irartry eS sis brclnr
** *REXRADIO r S* strife treatxarst ssbd— ed
> — y *toecctc«gr an _ la.' 7 years "bedfast :
! ear— kfa 't s_rv* U_s*. stasd. "tlSed* fri— 1 _ _ i
— v _» etl. Rlrsx away I s_ tied le— 1 free^r.
rat £— ex. ted a— d "st^od' saa adoi. Xa rt-
Upae — weeis. s_H Jatprawia*. ' 5e* _*."" —
1 St— rt. «S~<» C»;-> Cr_u-)L
-OSSIFISiy, laity. Jctsta ara-y i.-j»a ta-
i»t— er. ~T_aje«att_~ Oce treataaeas ta-
• _ istiy jetacs f.»ed. sii'nl sa-=raZy. T«ars
-certTaw." oelpiesa. Bftra fr— 3. 1-^^ b—U
Xcw rose 3— _ td^d. seatad herself — t __ _r.
Cxa now esck. etc. i"_I tatprcrt; ejl W_ _ «•
ts tee rsc — Mrs- ivaswfex, J73 Bar_str_
~ -REXEABIOr wear wUi rae tee aidU — '-
gfctsd "bedfx st" bis. fi 2 cf cats. be^Xeas.
coc! — a't rise frr-ci bed er sacr « tt— >n sewt —
years. I aaw Use tea et : trea asest as d ;*-
tfest a stasis— «d — . ; ty r_— =x usurji-rf)
f— — . ted asd waTk—sa;; "tt->>» __ 4 tarrsty re-
cataad iuir.::al pcrarer; severe pa— a "^T'-timTTT
eeased. Crasr» axs so — — .t aad r^ri it
Ke=«d a drtars." — L Pert—. 34«> 2Sca st
- -REXRADIOrr — ae . tr— .-seat taara-^
riTmT me ta ni** =#ar'/ gawrrSeaa asia.
I__a. rxa, feaped* like boy tax* 74X Sa* aw
; - at efscea.**
** *REA K,< TYlCr q^Sekly r_ rtotej .. — y ' — * r t»r
stffic" Os— d_*t re* i !x— s prtat. : r»*— pt«^
faces. Tw9 trear— i*ntt. ra uZ «*^»?> pr_ st. r«e>
«f-lsrd faces at !<> fscc'. See =» xt c£2eea."
( ~ "ftEXRADIOT . speedily con& ear dtsfsma
I I— — k aa*ec— — a. tt— wirf scrers reneral r_ ea-
_ i— no. cp«* ed naasy r years e_ Md acatrtL
stralxaies.'td crcw*tat r_ ecr— aOr ana, <_•
. . peraed — rce taassrs. • enr«d aaai'r-w etc
C<t cc? 4 r-a— .*» a; cfieea." aftii
- *RMR— DMf ' _ a exs— 7 <aaa*<l 0x7 17 y«a—
---tBnny *aaf ' ear .:ta 'sear *wsj— «r* ' «t -t»
f«c G«t s— s»» at efaeea >*"
**K FT XR Anay* afcewapCea of : tea— _ x_— _ Is a t
1* riaas ——eases w«_ derf— Oy betted. Xa==cs
«£ wfcae— e» at— — i ed. tsctsdJss; s_ — reds cf
¦ test ¦ et_ i eas. - U. »-•-». • iraarct*»». ¦ aiaygr^
-¦¦' enkxrs. p_ ysietxss. _ _e« u«a*?T. capt— _ tsta.
" et& "f«_ i taey lead ti^ir — — ctafcie »«-— ~
t» --gtrcx_ar* Ccme._se» ta_— __s wcrx
: aa d f 3T3» yatir "ws* opt _aa. ¦ •• "< ¦ t f-i
. cem-lj tse . "'!U— ." * ¦ .¦ ' ¦ ¦ - --
"REXRADIOrS** x is appear fdafiy) ta «3 ta*
. 1— at ae— — agera, -Bjaa t— as. --¦,-- :
**F_ SXHaTjIC* e_ rd— Hy ,t— Tftes yea _ » brlaa;
yecer »lci ta bis it»-day"a> jciUc fine — — krx
; * OMttaaw 2 aad S jt — _ .-. .Twi a . *a;ra=r— - ta
' '.."*R— _ ton*. EaQ.** 7ii"-, Mar— ex. w™T 1 ?•_ sc
FAXCT * a»d rtlk - t-twi - carrft_Xy ¦ »itfWT|
JAPAXESS FAVORITE LACXDHT. e»_ a.
:,13»... E22- Fg_ «rcii sc^'g-oae Geary 2igX
• SVTVSto a rSer ea tsstaCsi test ti 1 _ T «1 per w«__
~ XXCHACB OOU« _e — O— a. 12» M— — « ac
i ZiXGAXT aadta to erdar.'es— ca v— a— • «r fascx
TWta. te fU 17. 7r«t Wasaar. «• Mar Xm.
j T3Z¥T.OT3Ezrs*r vtjlsyei*— atjm— cca.
j E^:FEP.rEXCZI>. scccesafai rpecta ity sati«rsaa
wxsts acie sales* riyat for tira-rrade ar-
U d* cr ttae f>» etty and »-ir; l u'i''**'T cccs-
! trr. Bex 3CT2. Call cfSre.
' STEAD T. —I— a!« S^r-rf:i^«-l^^ ¦-. >r *» w-n-<r
•f aaT ki_i: ¦exs t*rt-s« xsd care far fccrsea-
Bax 33g4. Call cfSce.
STSCXG yocas esaa. 2TJ jears cf aje. '-TlTnin
pes— _a «f a_3r ictzd la ¦wioista.e ssase; ;
fc«t cf • reTgregces. Bsx 3CS0. Ca_l CtfScsjLvj
GEXTLEMAX. well aoi-_Cst-4 ia wbolerrale
asd r-_ _I liquor xarf wla» b_ii=*w. wtaiei
a ret pcaitkaa. Addresa Sex 5CS6. Cxll.
ilAX asd wife. e35eria=ct?d cccks. wast p<_4-
ucaa £a aetei. bcariiss-iccse cr easrp v city
cr —sat—. Add—as M-E.E-.icx 3312. C—L
P.* ENTER •!> _Q taota. wffl wcrk t— y — as-
ecaai-. Address PAIXTES^ 4C& Tar_ aC: I
fbose Erie lit*.
A STROXG bey. sasdy wlta t»_a. w__d E— !
t> lexra t_e carpester trade: has _a— ke* '
?xsertesge. Bex 3211. Cx3 cface.
l':::LE-AOZr =_= waac* i.v.r_:: ta taic?
cars cf fccraes. parties, in-re asd jeser— t
work. H_ B.. <C3 Msntjcnaery »_
GEP-MAX. 42 years, dxrrted. wasts £i«st
? wcrk: saaey at aaeat asytaia*: best cf. refsr-
• «ac-a, Bex 2CI. Can efSce.
. ' WANTED — Slsiatiec ta daar store tr ya'nct
sis 1* years <rid: sao d c_ara«*r. Box 2S7».
:j Call efac*.
EXPEHXEXCED JxxUtxeeper t— xie. 33> is c;*a
ta aa e&gayta— tar. ; pxd rsferescss. ESTA.
¦ ba 25T5. 'ZaII aSlce.
A WBT..T-HT F rrarr *_=--» pc«_4— . a» B_M
wat_fc=rxs: refareoces. Aii.iri— 1 ,L B>. 75a>
( Fctacai .—
» FIRST-CLASS barfcer wasts a_— _J— 1 ta tie
j cccr-irj-. &ix —41, Call ofice. ;
¦' WASTED — B— _ CSaaj a* ccilectar or octaid*
i th-t-ts: exj. : gcod r»f. Bex 3233. C*',1
i CAF-PEXTER w-iric cf aU kisds pnrrpcl y at-
te=d-id t3. 233S >_ rtft ac
ri— A-TCT«T.
j FIRST MC3TCAGE COLO SOXD3.
r<ec:«d fcy ti* beat ef tae— se sc_ ae— pr— >-
crty rrder trnar grranrf— t i__ «; gaajmiy
— surcac
Bead f sr Pre—*ctaa.
ESAI.TT BOXDS AXT> FIXAXCE CO. OSCt
1172 Br— dway. Car. 14-t SC.
'
— S3 REALTT STXDICATS.
f>r<~» T p-id & -*4,*»xoeo w»
£_rp_ • »40v«n 8«
Issces
Stx t^st eeat
ISTestasesr Cer_icxtrs
At par.
Cfzce — X-c. 14 Sasscc^e streec
Saa Fraseiaca. Cal.
CCMPAXTES f-rrssed: 7— *>g or pateata; staci
scid: atrosj E-ttgra ecasec— csa; aiV.ce free.
tr-.a A F. HARAb^ 1 H t. S22 Crcagler £Mg
3»i_kTa TOiarr.
A— HCUH33 aai Cats to let; xa taav— se Cst:
i ; serTiee a iacistaiy free: tx_ e xdrxstxre ef
_is desartateat; tt will sa«« yen t— se aad
traufe—t. Ccrdes F_raxrsr« Cb.. 243-S& Geary
ac. cc the str^arc
¦ zz^z
. f FIXE f_.i. 151* D— •— tfc— ac. asar B— a— 7
— «=e. recep-ca. bx_ . aad —__±ry rscca;
rest reasca atXe.
A XETT ft-raesa *asay. _st«d iac 2332 Pest
ac; resx r>9— cn_ — vc
Cx^NTBjUU. nzede— . S— t: 3 rjrrra. her 1 ? 1Q3(>
ft*^ — «—»»•••.•« jt.. _;.;¦•.¦- Pcwe^i. . „
' largest rut cf teases asd 2xts t> !«c car :
cc LTOX t HOAG. 115 M— .arc=ery sc
«32 SC— ELEG.O.T sew 6-ra«-i SxC 1 Bioex ;
aorta ef *t^g. io Xce «t_ sear Uca.
— x_y— g to 1— ; — x~ r mjsxe p.
• j BSAUTTFCLv = seders 3 cr 4 roc—. ap__as_t
wtta prtTate fca—t. occaplete f^r S'?ue— g*pj-?g.
1 12tS G^i^s »C t«!tw**s CXFarrtU *=d Oary.
I T^" 1 ? yog - s A-' :> S~: 3r^ 3ra3 ' X3JLga -
1 A MODEHX. an"» j. lar— « 7-rooin. upper Cat.
1 s*"wly fxn_j*2_Hi > ¦w«e_s *.z~. rzomHy frod
Sierirar'a: ctared to ra Ease 917 J-.c-s ac.
j sear B__»: cxll 9 ta 4.
- FOR —I* — A saxs: 5 roc— a cocrp£rt2ly f_ r-
n_i laed: cxU t _ i p. d.; rcos c? rest; rest
$14. a^ T-Ja-na ac
' j TITRK. ICS^ — ft-^pc— 1 Sac well f!_ -__— ed; grjed
tras9t<ist: 2 raes:s pays rest; an cctui-J-s.
' j cuasy tccass: tx—ri.s tf »•'. i ty Octa ber 21.
J J4X> — ETTEX-. «=as7. «— ier Cat; » rwaas:
1 rest »43; Setter, sear xCexray. Bex 34», Call
rUJUIIUaX ?O> i»t_-p
STS WOSIH s£ ri_ ;a lf--!e for JT SO daws. SI Vt
per w«e_ T. BrfTTa-f » Far. Co_ 340 Peat »c
I PART f'lrirT 11 " T-nacai accse; 3 cscst_s* ase;
r=rs. ?a* >-rr«, wi«r aexter . Bex ZiiZ. CxIL
: j EEXRT MATER jjays SAcsest prtcea far fnr-
! Trrcsre. carrj«— s. ets. .«2 M_4*icc: ttLBr_ft $13
\ '
mnrcss vasttsd.
ABE LETT.
; Exl««ra— s. 1135 Market at. 7>L Jessie TfX.
Dca't aeH year f— raiture. exrjets. cf— ce far-
. sirsre. «tc^ cata you yet s_ i *ar+—^"-»
WILL, pay 23 per ceas mere fer fsrsltsre ' w »i
! i-a.:--, cr win **:: oa eomainicE. L. H.
! I ETET'. anc^ 1CM Market; pacae Jesale 233^.
" to ¥-fTO-P^»^
4 COOS^s 133 u_T|3i>
CocJt r=r li =«a «5
Co— fcr ATa—i^ia ....... . *3»
2 coc— » fcr Hcma VaJZuy . S3O
G«ier— I cecsewcri. cc wassv Rob V_Oy_*3»
2 rocks ;rr as— i n t.-ar-_=r-!:.:c_-s. J*_J asd «.;:>
Otic* wtrk fer Ix sadry $3 per w»«s:
3 :^« r-J CS aad S3
Bct_r". I-..;..:... $*1
Caxaise— : aid asd Iiasiress ........... JK3
1 £>ia£wasaer. _ 5 sti— — < — . S23
44 ccserat tocsewcrk rsls. f23v »2S. 134.
¦ -^TPgr "» J - »*- CRO^27— T * CTX. 334 Saraer .
. A COOX. tas_£=tSoc iZZ: bc_rd!sz-soc— cook.
$_5; 4 cs_t». prtT— e fx__Iy. |33 __S/I3>;
w_ttresx, taatisi-cc. 129: w:e_»a f— dexa-
tsc tss_rs— es; rxaea ceck. SS>; —scaeksep-
¦ \ er. c=na=ry. fli Mrs. Xertaa. SOg M>yn
• t A— -WAXTEO— carts ta t— — . hj _rir«stsZ
¦ trra-^Tg njtt. etc: trade ta— _— t froct A ts Z
ta 2 weeks; tc'tf^Tn S3 ta t_aa« esterts^ bow;
t— rse pcat—css ts £U ta^Be— — _ rly; posttioaa
Tsxrxsteed at |10 per wees; tip: le— A esj
t_ oci s VTest. 233 Geary «t_ — net 13.
¦CaNTETJi— Gtets t» leara- =iillta*r y sew sar
fall »ea— s; &ct_ s«a»cas tasrat fr— 1 start
*= 1— Jl a oo« BSrtstS fcr SU; pcaitirss as
CVJKH. __«»!»— i«a. ¦ isa— 1 era. £-ian "<*~i at
. -KC ter week, cp; 7 poai— «es e» fee 4Eed _s-
a_— »_eij. Pxrters 1U Stccitea at, r. li
A— PACIFIC CbCcse trxcaes aairdr— sisr.
a___r_rts«;. electrie s>x£sage. ete. : stx hoars*
era—— «e a day; «rtxrast*« pesittecs; ca fy
seecx— !_ d eeCex* cf ita ktsd. aa co«ct: _iy
asd mr.V* e— Lise*; 1:1 parier wcrk at n-
c— eed prices. 123 PtrweS ac
I EXP-— -SXCED SHTHT OPERATORS AXD
A LTMTTED XXTMBER TO LEARX. STAXIV
1RD FACTQST. CORXER GOCGH AXT>
<— K3TE STS.
. LADIES wasted er— ywttere. . cepyiss; tetter*
xt fee— e. er_tfs— i xad cparc _ase. «^r* retsra
: > cs; s» nalTfrr cr casTassiac; O w«ek>7
— *ar_ ed; — — terials free: _ _les<> seif-«dilressit<i
?erctape far part_r_— — . Gcarastee Cm_
X»- tt t2 Xlsta sc Panadetjfe—. Pa. „.
A >_U> Iadtea ta assist rakimy srr Use dfcr-
niiT« riser wcrit; <Scce 1; tcc« ty tii
-tece; xtctrt Kc — rcr at . 2r«_ Cx3 a to 3.
_J______U_JK__________________
A TOrXG «irf te work ta x_ftt£s* __n :
- - steady wetfc; jwxS epnertaaay. GAXTXEH
A. MATTERX CO™ «K Grsre ac .
. -B>-O1IEX aoac ttsr»: rxr*rt*aeed;" aala— ¦ ¦ __i
ec— __as_C" " THE ROSERTSOX COU CS
• ' Cr-K ti'lf.. Market »ad S~ eatS. «x, 6-*F..
UA rTRXSS — «a_d * _ ; - a*- firs t-clx — f_=2y:
nr act aa»e ctcy refer tee— ; way— |30l Ad-
dress, sir—* ref — ess— «. 6cx 3421. Catt cface.
. TTAXTED — w»i'riiwT Ixdy v Jar sawtc* . wae— -
ase * eas hxve 2 socsekeeptsa: — otaa. 2C4
• Eeeo— d sc. cjatxt— - ~- ¦ -•¦¦. v ---¦¦¦ .'.
1 WAXTED— Expert*?— v_I- ipice la beirr; steady
¦ F :Mf T v '' .X53X.AS2S. Cx II eface. ......
F7R£T-CZ_l££ _&-—•¦ "«_ eaats-was-td. _3S
I P— «¦ aC ;-.. ¦,.
KNirCOR A TIME NUT SET- F^Pi-SE WITH WANT ADVCRTISEX'\ENT5LIGHT COMPANY " PISSOLVED.-Superior
Judge Kerrigan yesterday dissolved th» pmi
table Gas Light Company ?n awortance wUh
a -/!!a lu \! on of £? «ockholders repres^nTln.
138.5.2 shares. The directors of tb«^rwT
a. h. w Inn and Llojd Baldwin.
L ARy 5s. .118 — . (1910> .....109« —
lalco6s — — spofces ,
Do gtd 6s. — — (1005)8 r A. 101 —
Do ltd Ss.100 — (1905)Sr B.100% —
LAP lem Bs.102 — «006) — . 104tf
Mkt-st C 6S.115 - (1912) 113K — "
Do lem 58.115% — SPC 1 eg Ss.ll7& — -
MVA MtT5s.lO5 — Dostampd.llO —
NRR of C6S.108 106% B P B R 6s.l32 —
Do 5s ....117 ' — S V Wat 6s.lO4UlC5
N P C R 5s.lO7 — Do 4s 2dm.l00>£ —
V C Ry 6s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 99% —
N C P C 5s. — 99 Do g mt*4s 99 100
N S R R 6s. — — Stkn OAE6s. 93 —
OG LAH 5s.-— 110U U O & E 5s.lO2% —
O W gtd 5s. J- 100 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra'Costa — 36 [Port Costa... — — ,
Marin Co... — 60 | S V w»* Co. 89% 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 4 IS F G & E. 58% 56?4
Mutual E L. — 12 I Stkn G & E. — 6*4
Pac L Co... 60 C0V4IU G& E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 340 i
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 L'p & A 150 —
Arglo-Cal . . 84 ' — Mer Trust.. . . — 2H5
Bank of Tal.423 425 Merch Ex.'... — .53
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Nationl. — —
First Natlonl — — , ',
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — ISav & L So.. — 100
Hum S & L. — — ISecSavBk.. 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union 'T Co.. — —
S F Sav U. 615 —I
STREET RAILROAD3.
California -.198 — I Presidio •".—•". *3!i
POWDER.
Giant ...... 63 Ct I Vigorlt .....— 44
. SUGAR. .-•¦:.;•-
-Hawaiian C." 67 -— (Makawell C. 28% 23
Honokaa S C 15 15% Onomea S-C/29 30
Hutch SPC 0*4 10 I Paauhau S C 15% I5*-i
¦Kllauea S C. -8- — >\: ;,.- •;
¦ - % MISCELLANEOUS.'
Alaska PA. 105% — iOceanic S Co. 3% 4%
Car F C A. OOTilCO Pac Aux FA.* 4% —
Cal Wine A. — S.1 I Pac C Bone. 158 157%
MV& MtTm. — ' 105 'I Pac S Tel Co. lit 115
. SALES.'
- Morning Session.
Board — ' ¦-.
. 10 Alaska Packers' .Association... 103 50
70 Alaska Packers' Association... 10« 00
20 Alaska Packers' .Association. .'.1 05 CO
. . 5 Alaska Packers' Association... 104 50
15 Alaska Packers' Association... 1OJ 00
- . 5 Alaska Packers' Association.'. . 104 25
- . 15 Alaska Packers' Association. ..105 SO
100 Makawelir.^—'.:.i:...T~..^... 28 62»i
100 SF Gas i&. Electric. ;-..:;.... M 25
. 100 S. F Gas.& Electric. ....... ..58 00
;." 70 S F. Gas & Electric...;......: 57 75
. „ N) S.F Gas & Electric;...... ...57,50 -
25 S F.Ga» * i Electric. .... .;..... 57,25
60 Spring Valley Water Co. ..... 09 73
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
Two suits for damages for^ personal
injuries "alleged to be due to over
crowding of street cars were filed yes
terday agalrtst the United Railroads.
One. action Is brought by George W.
Jacobs by his guardian. C. P. Jacobs!
He, is one of the victims of the acci
dent of. OcUfber 2 at the corner of
Eighth avenue and Clement street,
wherein several persons were injured
and thr.ee killed by being thrown
from a car rounding a curved switch.
He asks for $50,000. alleging that the
injuries to his right femur will render
him deformed for life. John. E. Ken
'nedy,« a. bartender, sues" for $25,391
for injifries alleged to have' resulted
f com his being thrown from the plat
form of an overcrowded Haight-street
car on August- 28. .
• Two Snlta for ¦ Damages.
90 Spring Valley Water Co 40 00 .
$2,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 0s 99 25
Street — \
Jl.OCO Spring Val Wat gen mtge 4s. 99 CO
Afternoon, Session. -
Board-^- \' ':'¦'
75 Alaska Packers' Association. . .1M 00
15 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 87 SO
15 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 67 25
60 Hawaiian Coml &. Sugar 67 0O
20 Paauhau S P Co 15 25
30 Paauhau S PCo 15 12>4
10 Pacific Lighting Co 60 25
25 Pacific States Tel & Tel Co.. Ill 5O
50 S F Gas & Electric 57 5O
10 S F Gas & Electric ,... 57 25
40 S F Gas & Electric........... 57 CO
40 S F Gas & Electric 56 S7»i
K5 S F Gas & Electric. 56 7.".
tOSF Gas & Electric 56 C2t£
170 S F Gas & Electric 5S 50
120 Spring Valley Water Co 39 87 V.
S7.000 Cal Gas & El O M & C T 5s.. 81 25
S3.CCO Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 6a.. 99 50
$1,000 North Shore S per cent, b 3.. 101 50
Street —
$1,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar «•. . 09 23
$10,000 Sac El Gas &»Ry 5s 100 OO
$S4.0CO Sac El Gas & Ry 5a, b 5.... 1C0 CO
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 102%! SF & NP 5s.ll2 —
B L Wat 6s.ll3 113V S P C R 4s. 98 102K
Cal NW 6s.. Ill" — S P Co 4^8.101^102
M C Wat 5s.l00 — Sun Tel Cs. ..113 —
Ris I \vka5s — 105 Suttr-st R5S.104 —
SF Drdk Bs.112 — | UK of SF 4s. 83% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. '¦¦¦ '-.'¦¦¦ :
Ala S Co...— 27 LonA SF Blc. — 69
Amer Bis Co — 90 '¦ Mat Nav Co. 60 — ,
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Nev Nat Bk.195 —
Cal GA-ECor. 47% 50 I N S R R Co. 9^4 —
C Jockey Cl. — 112^1 N Cal P Co. 0^4 —
Cal Powder. 130 145 | Oak J*k Sav.l2O —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I A T — 155 IOOF Hall A V& —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 Orpheum Co. — 13t»
Chutes Co.. 5% 6t$[PacC Caa Co.125 —
City & C BJc — , 120 I Pac Sur Co-103 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6«i|Paraf Paint.. 39 —
East Dynm.. 875 SP Drydock — «S
DptPwd pfd — S5 ISFASJ Co«l. 1714 20
Do com . . S4 — | S J Wat Co.l03», —
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SO & MTgbt.125 — .
Fischer Thtr 20c 25c Pwiss-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.lCS — Truck Elect.. 11% —
Gas Con A.. 13 TO UR InC pfdt 5!> —
Hon P Co.. — 2fl Do com... 12^i —
Do pool .. — 27
SALES.
Morning Session.
250 United R R Inv Co pfd......' 59 <W
$29,000 United' R R of 8 F 4 per cent. 83 87£
Afternoon Session.
Board—
105 United R R Inv Co pfd 89 23
$5,C0O United R Tt of S F 4 per cent. 83 87U
Street —
$24,000 United R R of 3 F 4 per cent. 83 874
California Stock and Oi] Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma so ...
Apoiio ...;¦ . "io
Associated Trust Cert....... 23 24
Aztec go
California Standard 14
Caribou 0 00 too
Central Point Con 60 ....
Chicago Crude .... 19
£ our *-... 5* 58
Home ............ .......... 95
Independence 27 " "<\
Monte Cristo .../. «3 • gs
Occidental of W Va 04
Peerless 12 50 13 0O
Senator 70 75
Sovereign 32
Sterling 2 *> 800
Twenty-eight 10 BO U 0O
Miscellaneous—
Fischer's Theater 10 15
Northern Cal Power 9 00 9 50
Truckee Electric 11 00 12 00
SALES.
Morning Session.
600 Cal Standard i. 14
10O Cal Standard : 15
25 Giant «13
Afternoon Session.
1000 Associated Oil 23
100 Monte Cristo 64
Mlnlns Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
200 Andes* 22| 300 Con Cal & V.I CO
500 Bullion IS; 100 Con Cal & V.I 45
100 Confidence ... 90' 200 Seg Belcher. . . C.H
500 Con Imperial. C2| 200 Utah C9
Afternoon Session — Comstocks.
SCO Andes 2lj 100 Sierra Nev.... 27
20O Caledonia 48 ICO Occidental ... 75
200 Caledonia .... 47 400 Ophir ..2 25
3CO Cbollar ...'... 19 5C0 Overman 16
GOO Con Oal & V.I 40 2C0 Union Con.... 3d
200 Exchequer ... 42! 600 Union Con. ... 35
200 Gould & Cur. 1SJ 200 Utah CS
600 Seg Belcher. . CD!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask".
Alpha 13 Hi Julia 04 C5
Alta 04 (¦»»' Juatios 06 CH
Andes 21 22! Kentuek 02 C3
Belcher 26 2s| Lady Wash .. 02 05
Best & Belch. 1 10 1 251 Mexican 1 05 1 10-
Bullion 1* 17! Occidental ... 74 75
Caledonia 44 45! Ophir 2 20 2 2."*
Challenge ... 10 2i>| Overman ..... 14 IS
Chollar ...... 1« 19 Potosl 12 14
Confidence ..85 92 Scorpion 06 07
Con C & V.I 35 1 40 Savage 27 2S
! Con Imperial. 01 02| Seg Belcher... OS 10
! Con N T f» C3I Sierra. Ner. ... 25 26
Crown Point.. CS 10' Silver Hill.... 62 53
E. Sierra Nev 03 Ort! St. Louis .... 08 1O
Eureka Con.. 501 Syndicate .... 03 05
Exchequer... 42 4l| Unions Con. .. . 35 37
Gould *¦ fur. IS 19!Ut*h 08 C9
Hale * Norc. 58 62| Yellow Jacket. 13 20
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morninar Session.
200 Mont Ton ...1 93 50O Ton Gold Mt. IT
150O MacNamara . 83 30O Goldfietd 63
3CO Ton Belmont.. 63 500 Rescue ....... 11
300 Ton Ohio .. 291 500 Qulncy 12
Afternoon Session.
ICO Mont Ton ...195! 500 Jumbo 63
10C0 MacNamara . 25| 5C0 Ton Midway.. 41
1000 Rescue 11 1 200 Ton Belmont.. 66
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bld.Ask.l . 'BI>i.Ask.
Ton of Nev.9 12V; 9 50[ Rescue 10 12
Mont Ton ...1 90 1 951 Paymaster ... P2 03
MacNamara . 34 3.V Little Ton ... 21
Ton Midway.. 4*> 4? Bsperanza ... 01 03
Ton Belmont.. 65 67 Gold Anchor.. — 21
Ton N Star... 19 23 Qulncy 12 —
West End .. — 1«| N Y Ton ... 10
Ton Cold Mt. 10 171
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm ... 20 251 Columbia .... 28 —
I Red Top .... 15 IT! Jumbo — (3
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the 'tales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
1 Morning Session. f
30O Columbia .... 25t ICO Ton Belmont.. '67
600 Jumbo 63| 1000 Ton Midway. . 41
150O MacNamara . 35! 100O Ton Midway.. 40
500 MacNamara . 36| 200 Ton Midway . 12
700 Mont Ton ...1 93! 500 Ton N Star... 19
500 Ton Belmont.. €61.
Afternoon Session.
50O Rlu» Bull M 2S| 200O Jumbo . 60
200 Goldfleld Mln fi3| 100 Mont Ton .""l 93
1000 Goldfleld Ton. It 100 Red Top 16
1000 Hazel Kirk .. 11 5f>0 Ton Belmont 67
100 Jumbo 611 1O0O Ton N Star... 03
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. •
Bid. Ask. j Bid. Ask
Adams 09 lllMlzp&h Exten. 05
Black Ants .. — 10' Mont Ton..i 92H 1 ns
Black Butte.. 20 25! N Y Ton .... — 05
Blue Bull M. 27 — Paymaster ... 0.1 04
Booth M Co. 10 — Pine GroV« .. H '__
Colehan — 05 Quincy 11
Columbla 25 26 Ray Exten .. — M
Dlamondfleld. 46 —Ray* O'Brien 06 r.»
Earerarrza .-¦- 01 02 Rav Ton .... — 14
Ooldnetd B PI 15 231 Red Top ....'.. 13 17
GoldfiMd B*B — 17!B«scu» W jj
Goldfleld Mln «3 641 Sandstorm ... Zn ¦ •»«
Goldfleld Mhk 19 — ITon Belmont.. 65 m
Goldfleld SPk. — lS'Ton & Cal... — «o
: Goldfleld Ton. 11 —[Ton Exten . .1 no
L Hold Mt Con. — OTlTon A Gt W^. 02 ai
( Hazel Kirk .. It 12! Ton Oold Mt. 17 - ?O
j Jim Butler .. — 3^1 Ton Midway.. 40 4t
Jumbo «» p O'Ton Nev...» 37^ 10 00
Jumbo Ex .. -20 rot Ton N Star...' t7 —
T,lttle Ton .. 23 1 5*»! Ton ft S Lake. 23 —
Luckv Tom.. — "SI United Ton .. nj»
MacNamara . 34 M!W«»t End ... J_ jg
THE SAN FRANCISCO XXLL,}: WEDNESDAY,'. 19, 1904
14
BOOMS TO IiET— Purn. and XTnfunx. .
STOCKTON," 41— Nicely furnished sunny suite,
also single rooms, $2 to $7 week. ' .
ST. REGIS. Hyde and Ellis— New house: new
¦ furnishings: ' fresh • and- clean; hot and . cold
weter; baths: everything sanitary; elevator
service: If sunshine and cleanliness is an ob-
ject gee these rooms; $3 per week up. /
SUTTER, C22— Pleasant furnished rooms; nice
location. ¦ . .- .„ : .¦¦¦-•¦¦.•
TAYLOR, 624, near Sutter— Sunny, front, bay-
window room; $12. _ . :
TEIIAMA, 473B — Sunny ; furnished front room.
TENTH, 32S&— Nice sunny room with running
water: rent. cheap. '
XHE ST. KATHRYN CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS —POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES, BATHS.
ELECTP.IC LIGHTS/TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE, HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
.THE Larchmont, S61 Sutter— -New brick bldg.,
finely, furnished; hot; cold water, steam heat,
privilege-to baths; $2 SO to $5 per week. . .-
UNITED STATES, ] 23 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
' rcom; elevator, read. -room; lree bus; baggage.
WANTED — A lady to take a room In "'newly
furnished flat; 'rent reasonable to the right
party: use of kitchen if prererred. 83Col-
Ilngwood st., cor. Eighteenth.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-t-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $150 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elee. lights; readlpg-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice
furni5hed rooms from 15c per night up; ele-
gant transient rooms. 60c per night.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at . 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
' Open until 11 p. m. . • ¦
BOARD.
POWELL, 818, near California— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny front parlor, with or without
breakfast and dinner, in refined prlv. family.
NICE sunny furniyhed room with board. If
wanted, for lady or gentleman In a private
family on the "Nob Hill." Box 3231, Call.
VAN NESS ave., 700-^-Sunny alcove suite for 2
1 or 3 person's; good home cooking; also small
- room and board, $20. ' ¦ • ¦
WANTED— Child to board; good home; price
reasonable. 12CK5 Golden Gate ave.
EDDY. 8S8— Room and board In refined fam-
iiy;- ¦_ ' • .. ¦
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn/
eunny rooms'; table board; reaa. ; new manag.
ELLIS. 453— Nicely furnished rooms, "with ex-
cellent French table board; reasonable. -
ELLIS, 1174— Room with board for two young
men; private family; references.
GERMAN widow would like to board children;
good home; motherly care. Box 3352, Call.
HOWARD, 841A — First-class board and room
single or double, $5-$6 wk.; American family.
LARKIN. 840. near Geary— Furnished room,
with board. ' -;
MASON, 615A. near ! Sutter— Sunny furnished
room, with board, for lady.
ROOM and board to let in private place. Ap-
ply box 3327. Call office.
ROOM and beard. MRS. AHKMANN. 615
Taylor st.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
S07 California — See rms, learn prices, try table.
VAN NESS ave.. 0*4— Well-furnished rooms
with board; terms reasonable. -
CHESTNUT, 266— One large room. /with board;
reasonable.
'
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
. Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for tl.
BOjOJOTjLMTBJWjARlJ^rAirPEp.
WANTED — Room and board In private, refined
family by young lady; reasonable. Box
o415. Call office.
WANTED — By a couple without children,
suite with board in wam> b^lt. Mis-
slon. Box 3397. Call office. ,
BOOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED room wanted. 'Address 232 Thlr-
. teenth st. , " '
_8TOB^QE ATO^^EBHOTOBS^
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture.
. household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
COXKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Ga te ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages., in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MWnjTQ^MA^HIKE^A^nO^DrMTtraS.
1000 RENTERS— Don't fail to visit the new
retail office of the White if you wish to rent
- the best-sewing machine on earth;. -price for
: reut of best drophead machines, -¦ $2 per
month. Remember the place. 015 Market st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; wecond-hantl all makes at any
'price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
* tic office, 1021 Market tit., near Sixth.
ALL. kinds seconi'-hand $3. $5. $8; slightly
j used $10. $15, $20: you know where the dolls
' swing In the window. . 1051 Market st.
T^toTLE^^arTfesT~diu^
here; a chance to make merry; cozy dance
hall and dinners to suit any, purse at Ivy
Gardem, Ocean Ueach terminal of electrio.
:- car lines. Make arrangements at room 211,
Mulrhead building. Market and Larkln sts.
_ _ 8TOP DBIWHIJTO. ' v __^_J
GUARANTEKD cure: Vend 00c: TKret^fcrm
: mailed In ula!n package;' has cured vhou-
•ands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. V.
STTPTTERiiarQ Airo sTAangERigoT"
MELBaURNETlnstltute. Van" Ness and "MarkeC
curee; estab, in 8. F. 4 yrs. 1 Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
\ ru^ j^ :^ j^_ vr^ rj ,^__.VIAVI.^^^V^^^^^^^
A WAY to health; mothers* and daughters'
home treatment; booklet" free; write ¦ for It.
- VIA VI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
ASSESSMENT- NOTICES.
NOTICE— Taxts due upon assessments made
by the State Board or Equalization. Con-
troller's Department," State of '• California.
Bacramentol October > 11, . 1904. - In : accord-
ance with I he provisions of section 3668' of
. the ; Political Code, notice Is hereby, given
that I have lecelved from the ! State Board
of Equalization the "Duplicate Record of As-
sessments of Railways''.- and the '.'Duplicate
Record of Apportionment of Railway Assess-
ments," containing the, assessments upon the
property of each of-- the -following named
, associations or corporations, : as fixed by said
Elate Board of Equalization for tha year
19O4, viz.:
Central Pacific Railway:, Company, . South
Pacific Coast . Railway., Company, J Southern
. Pacific ; Railroad . Company, - Southern . Cali-
fornia " Motor Road Company, Carson and
Colorado* Railway ,» Company, ».- California
-. Northwestern'' Railway 'Company (lessees of
the San Francisco and -North Pacllic.; Rail-
'. way), Southern California Railway Company
tho Atchison, Topekaand Santa:Fe Railway
Company: ' North ; Shore Railroad Company,
'Pacific Coast Railway Company, ' Pajaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad Company," Nevada
- County - Narrow ' Gauge ; Railroad Company,'
- : Nevada-Callfornla-Oregon 1 Railway Company'
gierra Valleys. Railway Company, Alameda
and , San Joaquln : Railroad Company, Sierra
. Railway. Company of California, Gualala Mill
Company. 'Lake.Tahoc Railway >and 'Trans-
-. portation Company, -. Boca' and Loyal ton tluil-'
.road Company; San Pedro, Los Angeles' and
I Salt Lake ; Railroad Company, and . the t Pull-
man Company.
. -'^.The ', State ' and county ' taxes " on : all ''. per-
.' »or.al property . and, one-half, of. 1 the , State
¦ and, co&nty- taxes ' on ,all vreal " property ¦? aru
. .': now due and l.aya ble, and will , be. delinquent
'• on": the , last '¦¦ Monday . In * November 3 next, % at
t>' o'clock ip.Mn.; and unless paid: to the State
. .Treasurer. ¦' at •» the - Capitol, v prior; thereto," 3
¦> per ; cent will . be added , to *. the . amount • there-
-" , of, 5 and \ unless so pa id on or before the laa:
> Monday in April next, at C o'clock : p. < ni.;' an
additional 5 ; per '.cent- will be : added -to the
'; amount thereof.'; ; -^ - , -'"; r ~^-. - X-r",- - : .'-
; - The * remaining 'one-half ¦ of , the \ State and
; county, taxes on ail real property will be due
and natr?any itlme < after the? flrst
Monday: in January next, and*. will be delin-
quent > on . the last Monday : In 'April * next, * at
¦ v, 6 * ° dock *. p.": m.7 ¦ and '¦ unless I paid *: to $ the
> State .Treasurer.' at. the. Capitol, prior, thereto,
D..p«r;.cent will, be -added ; to the- amount
thereof. -V ', , ¦. . -\; .-•.;¦.:,; : ¦ - y .<¦¦ »¦
' ' E. P.' COLGA.N, : State ' CoijtroUer.
REAI. ESTATE— CITT— rO» BAM.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do you realize that the growing city of San
Francisco ha« only r small area of
Ocean Beach?
Astounding prices will be obtained for lots
fronting the ocean In near future.
We offer the only graded lots fronting right
on boulevard, ocean and park.
$450 to $1000— Unobstructed ocean and park
view Lots on *asy terms. None, like
them in this city. Selling rapidly at
our low prices and terms. Don't
miss this opportunity; eee
them to-day.
$100 to $350 — Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Get off car at our Oceanslde Branch Office on
corner H st. and 47th are, open dally
and Sunday.
$300 to $1100 — Choicest Sunset 'and Richmond
lots. On Installments.
$100 to $400 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots,
near cars; $5 monthly.
$1250 to $3000— Modern cottages In Sunset,
Richmond. Oceanslde and Mission;
easy terms.
EOL OE7TZ A EON. Owners and Dealers,
Room 64, fourth floor. Chronicle bldg.
FOR sale — Handsome new house, just com-
pleted, at 121 Falrmount et (Guerrero car);
V nice rooms and bath; oak mantel, gas; big
handsome sideboard; tinted walls; porcelain
Lath; wash trays; cement walk; lot 25x126;
$S0O cash; balance like rent.
FOR eale — 3 colonial houses, 6 rooms, \ bath
and basement: beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny: E. side of Tenth ave.. near
I et.. Sunset- Hfllett & Gee, on premises.
NEW colonial houses, containing 2 flats of 5
rooms, reception hall; rents $46; $5500; easy
payments. B St.. bet. 3d and 4th aves.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
LOVELY home; 8 rooms and bath: 20th st..
near Ou«rrero; cheap. Address Box 2603. Call.
ALL work guaranteed first claes by AHL-
BACH & MATER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
CHICKEN KANCHES. ,
IDEAL CHICKEN IIANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San L?andro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope; size
to FUlt; easy terms; plenty water; fine fruit;
call for details; go and see Sunday. Owner,
713 Mills building. __^^
BAMCH TO LEASE.
TO rent — 21-acre fruit ranch, near Santa Rosa;
$250 rent per year; complete set of farming
tools; also hcrse and wagon, 1 cow. Apply
636 Sacramento st.. San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERTS'NTS
BEBPiLEY KEAL EBTATB.
BARGAIN— Cottage, high basement, stable,
chicken-houses, good well water; all fenced
and cross fenced; furniture and all kinds of
tools go with the place; lot 50x200; price
S1500. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin station.
- South Berkeley. Open Sundays.
5-ROOM cottage, bath, pantry, folding doors;
lot 30x125; chicken-house; large washroom;
fruit trees and flower garden; price $1250:
terms S15O cash, balance $15 monthly. O. A.
RUDOLPH, Lorin station. South Berkeley.
BARGAIN — New 5-room cottage, porcelain
bath, pantry, folding doors, large hall, man-
tel, gas and electric fixtures; city water:
street work done; also cement walk In front
and around house; 2 blocks to Key Route
station and school; price $2400; terms $300
cash, balance $20 mo. • O. A. RUDOLPH.
I<orin station. S. Berkeley. Open Sundays.
— $3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware st., Berkeley; S
rooms and bath; lot 40x135; new and modern;
tunny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment if desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth St.,
Oakland.
$700— A GOOD corner lot. 45x135; 1 block from
Telegraph ave.
$750— Lot 36x126. on Telegraph ave.
$1000— Lot 46x138. on Telegraph ave.
$1300 — Fine corner. 46x125: on car line; close
to station; all on easy terms. .
LITTLE & WOOLPEY. 2110 Shattuck ave.,
BERKELEY. Cal.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent — In desirable residence section of
Berkeley, house of 9 rooms, porcelain bath,
storeroom; stable and chicken-house; 3 blocks
from Berrymin station, 5 blocks from Berke-
ley and 6 from entrance to university: 2025
Virginia Ft., between Shattuck and Mllvla;
newly painted and papered throughout: rent
$35; will not be rented to tenants who let
housekeeping rooms. Apply 26 Montgomery
St.. room 8, San Francisco, or LITTLE &
"VVOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
BEBKELET BOOKS AWD BOABD.
FURNISHED room, with board. 1630 Woolsey
st.. Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERT'S'TS
rBTTTTTALE HE AX ESTATE.
W. E. RUDELL. , ,
Real Estate and Insurance.
Corner Frultvale ave. and Washington st. !
THE FOLLOWING PROPERTIES ARE A
FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS:
$050 — Cottage of 4 rooms, with city water
and sewer; 5 minutes' walk from Fruit-
vale station; 1 block from car line; 1
block from school; this property rents
for $10 per month; as an Investment this
looks zood.
51200 — A very cozy cottage of 4 . large rooms
t and pantry, closet, etc.; lot 50x140; jus.
H block from Frultvale-ave. car; this
property Is rented for flO per month at
; present, but will rent for $12 per month
I just as well.
$1200 — House of 2 rooms, with lot 100x115; lo-
; cated V, block from car line: 15 minutes'
i \ walk from Fruitvale station; chlcken-
• houses, fruit trees, berry bushes and
j flowers.
THE ABOVE ARE 3 GOOD BARGAINS I
ADVERTISE SPECLKLS ON WEDNESDAYS.
I have for rent 2 1-3 acres of land,' with mod-
ern house of 7 rooms and bath, nearly 2 acres
In fruit, pigeon-house, chicken-house, stable,
windmill and 5000-gallon tank; will lease;
rent $25 per month.
Moneyjo loan for building purposes.
W. E. RTJDELL, Real Estate and Insurance,
Comer Frultvale ave. and Washington St.,
_ Frultvale. Cal. ,
M. C. GIBSON. '¦ ~ "
$1900 — $13 per month. $250 down: larre 6-
room cottage, close to station; this Is new and
strictly up-to-date.
We have 3 or 4 lots left yet that we will
build to suit, and the payment will be only
$1&O down.
Office open Sunday all day.
1326 Frultvle ave.. near Fonrteenth st.
OAKLAND. ADVERrS'M'TS
: '.OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKSAyP ; REAI. ESTATE.
?55CO— A FINE Investment property; close to
business renter of Oakland, on car line and
near S.»F.. locals; pays over 14 per cent on
investment ;, 2 flats, about 4 menthft old. 11
rooms -and .2 baths; sunny slds of street:
modem In every respect; owner compelled to
sell, hence will sacrifice for quick sale THE
MERRITT-WOLCOTT CO.. 852 Broadway.
$3750— NEW house;' 8 rooms and large base-
ir.ent; Falrmount ave..- near Linda Vl«ta;
very desirable; easy terms. E." P. FLINT*
owner, 872 Broadway." ¦¦-'¦ -
FOR tale — Two new up-to-daie bunralow 8-
room bouses; large lot' with barn: very
cheap. Inquire on premise?, CSS Thirtieth
rt.. en 1055 Broadway. Oakland. •
MODERN 6-room house at'416 East Twenty-
third St.: big barn, fruit trees; fine location;
lot 50x150: only $2500; small payment dq,wn.
A BARGAIN— Modern well-built. 7-room house
nearly, new. at ,675 Thirty-sixth street'-
$3150; tfrms. ¦.-
OAKXJUTP; STORES ¦-. TO LET. >
TO let— $25; store, corner Twenty-sixth* st.' and
San Pablo ave. ; fixture*, living-room, :¦- large
" workshop and stable. Inquire opposite 1027
San Pablo ave..- .(-.-* .. V
. OAKLAJP : BOOHS. '
NEWLY furnished rooms, bath included: '.cen-
tral .'location preferred. ¦¦ 212
Twelfth rt.; 1 0akland. jp»« > - < : • ¦
OAKXtAjyirjnr/HJiiTu >e ' roa '¦ sale.
TO-MORROW ' the n day "for iblrg^inTnn^iurnl-'
ture. H. Scbelfcaas, 11th sV'.ccr.store.Oakl&afl
gEAIi ESTATE — CITT — FOB 3AI.B. ;
G II UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St.
AUCTION
of investment, residence and ¦ nnUnproved
prcptitiei will te held at our salesroom. 20
Montgomery «.. TUESDAY. October 25. 1904.
at 12 o'clock noon. <
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
SW. cor. cf Francisco and Leavenworth
ets.. 137:6x137:6; an elegant site, having an
unobstructed marine view.
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
Outside Lands block 8S3; stse. 240x600.
DOWNTOWN HOLDING.
1149 Larkln st.. west line. nr. Sutter St.;
three-story houre. containing 16 rooms and
hath: rent* $90 per month: bank mortgage of
S-T.VK"! at 0 per cent can remain; 27:6x112:6.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
1216 Fulton St.. north line, bet. Scott and
Devlsadero sts.; a 0-room dwelling, bath,
etc.: rents (45 per month; 25x137:6.
CALIFORNIA-STREET RESIDENCE.
2026 California et., north line. bet. Octs,-
via and Laguna ets.; a desirable residence of
'J rooms, bath, laundry, etc.. In perfect or-
der: 34:4^x132:6.
CHOICE BAKER-STREET LOTS.
Baker et.. east line. b«t. Fell and Hayes
sts.; 2 choice lots, suitable for residences.
apartment house or flats, being on the main
driveway to the Park and overlooking the
entrance to Park Panhandle: 25x100 each.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
Weet line of Guerrero ct., bet. 24th and
SSth ets.; also Fair Oaks St., east line. 2Sx
125 each; choice location for residence or
flats.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
Dolores *t., tact line. bet. 24th and 25th
•ts., acd Fair Oaks, west line; desirable
building lots, commending fine view; 25x125
ea.cn.
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE.
1C26 Page et.. north line, near Ontral ave.:
2-story dwelling cf 9 rooms and bath; lot
25x114.
PARK BUILDING LOTS.
Oak st.. south line. bet. Baker and Brod-
eriek etc.; 2 choice building lots. 25x137:6
each: overlooking entrance to Park Fan-
, fcar.O.
DESIRABLE BUILDING LOT.
Sacramento «-t.. south line, bet. Maple and
. Bpruce sts.; 27^6x132:7^.
MORRIS AVENUE INVESTMENT.
7 Mr-rris ave., east line, off Harrison St..
bet. 6th and 6th sts.; 2-etory bouse ar-
ranged Into 2 flats of 6-4 rooms each; rents
(32 SO per month: 2SxS0.
COZY MISSION COTTAGE.
3716 224 et., north line, bet. Sanchex and
Koe ets.; a new modern cottage of 6 rooms
, and bath, high basement, concrete bulkhead.
e«ment walks, etc.; 25x114.
For catalogue and further particulars ap-
r-iJ' to out office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
SI 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table; on street
rrade; close to fine school; not far from the
Miselon-st. electric cars; secure one as an
investment and by the time It is paid for It
m-lll have doubled In value the way prices
have advanced during the past year; buy
now before prices become prohibitive in this
rtpidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 M'-witgomery ft., r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
GET In new; bottom prices; Corbin station.
West Berkeley, to be made terminus WeM
Berkeley local; cheap lots; trains every half
hour; $3 per mo. commutation tickets. 6c
earh may: 60 minutes from San Francisco:
only $5 per. mo. upon each lot; buy a lot In
Home Park Tract; double your money; sta-
tion en ground, purrounded by residences Jk
factories. J. W. LAYMANCE. C32 Market,
r. 10, cr agent on ground, 10 to 5 p. m.
53000— 9-room house, 2773 Twenty-third et;
this it a forced sale and will not refuse a
fair offer; could be made into flats »"' r i» %
verr little expense; will loan S2O0O on thin.
r>. COFFIN. 2528 Mission ft., near 21st.
HEAL ESTATE— COTTirrST— Tor Salft.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
LODI. LODL
The town that has the "SNAP" to Jt; the
**ctien that has the most fertile foil in the
Fan Joaqum Valley; fine roads; water trans-
portation.
We are rubdividlng a choice tract in 10 acre
let*: only 2 l j miles frcm town; surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyards:
•oil rich, Lilack. candy loam 12 feet deep:
school on the tract ; $75 per acre. ' This will not
Ja*t cer ."0 daye; Cm ccme, first served.
Adjoining land sold fcr $125.
112.000— Only 2 miles Sebastopol; electric
care pass place; 100 acres, of which 15 are
bearing cpijlei: all level, rich, sandy loam,
sdapted to Jiop5. potatoes cr corn; 2 good
l.'.-jt-s. fine barn, slieds. poultry-houses and
outbuildings: complete set farming tools; horses
*nd cattle with place.
«2S0U— Clcse to Petaluira. 1 mile station: 10
sure* rich loam; family orchard; among beau-
tiful caks; modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath;
trood barn, poultry-houses, outhouses; horse.
cow. SO hens, buggy etc.; will add 12 acres
adjoining if desired; eee this quick.
$1«j.O0O — Clcse to Geysen-llle; 56 acres rich
Tlufcian Kiver bottom; great hop land, or
adapted to alfalfa or vegetables; 12 acres vine-
J'ard, 12 prunes, 23 acres fine alfalfa; large
new barn. We offer some of the finest farms
In the world in this superb section; let us
«lrixe you around.
$25Co — Near Hopland; 45 acres rich land; 12
«cre» pears in bearing; family orchard; good
houee and outbuildings; well fenced; investi-
gate this. / .--..-
$40fX) — Close to Fetaluma; 24 acres rich.
*ar.i\ loam In potatoes and asparagus; some
orchard and garden; fair 7-room house; out-
buildings; refused S9000 fcr 17 acres adjoining
not so good; half cash.
$1$00 — Close to Sebastopol; 10 acres fine
land; 4 acres bearing prunes, berries, garden;
6 acres young apjile*-; half ca?b.
$500 down — lew acres and use of 40 more; 2
miles cf postofnc*; in Sonoma County; rolling
land; 8 acres vines; orchard; finely fenced;
building alone cost $2000; house 7 rooms; barn,
¦wagon-shed, poultry-houses, yards; 1500 cords
¦wood: some etock. furniture: price {2500.
$400 down — »0-acre dairy and poultry ranch;
2 good dwellings: barn, poultry-bouses, incuba-
tor; 6 cows. 15 Anfrora goats, 2 horsejj, buggy;
toolt: 10 tons of hay; only 1 mile of town; in-
vestigate quick; 52000.
$5500— Only 1 mile of Haywards: 37 acres
line land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modern
bouse 6 rooms and bath; finest barn in county,
alone cort $4000; fine view; this is the best buy
In the rtdxity,
S !¦."<< f> — Close to Callstoga; 90 acres; 45 level.
productive, loam eoil; well fenced and cross-
fenced; plenty fine water; fine prune orchard;
food hou: -», barn and outbuildings. We have
•a large Her of desirable homes in this locality. ]
Let us drive you around.
$2^T<0 — North of Watecnville; C5 acres, 8 acres I
full bearing apple*. 9 in grain; fine berry ;
patch; 40 acres timl»er: flowing stream; 9-room j
house; large barn and granary: water piped to !
buildings. We have a choice selection of fruit 1
and grain ranches at reasonable prices fn this '
vicinity. See a few.
$3500—5 miles of Fanta.Roca and near sta-
tion; Russian River bottom f 25 acres; 5 acres
vineyard; new buildings; 5-room and bath cot- i
last: cood barn; windmill and tank; poultry
houee*: see this, and "if you want only part of
it will sell unimproved pcrtlcn at J100 per
ecre; If ydu want to raise corn that will make
the Kansas article "side step" see some of our
homes en the Russian River.
1 21150 — 34 acres, near Watsonville; 200 apples;
e acres fine potatoes; 2 acres timber; balance
trrain: 6-room cottage; barn, outbuildings.
Thirteen acres rich valley land near Sonoma
City; 9 acres fine grapes. 15 years old. balance
pears end asserted fruits; this season's crop
easy $700; no builfilr.gs; forced sale; limply
make an offer.
$1500— All level, 10 acre*. 2 miles of Calls-
toga; email orchard; good house and barn; 2
wells: near ecfcool. - *- -. --
ALFALFA LAND.
S50 per acre — 3 miles of Modesti; 20 acres up:
balf cash.
$50 per acre— Near Lodl. on the Woodbrldge
canal.
$1200 — 10 acr*s in -vine and fruit belt, near
l»di: sandy loam; 5-room house and barn.
$2500 — Near Santa Cruz. 60 aciei rich alluvial
¦oil; 8 acres orchard, mostly apples; 10 acres
grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-room house,
barn.
fend e tamp for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed lltt on the coast.
WHITE A BAYLEY. . .
Successors to
"W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery »t-. room S.
Property Exchange a. Specialty.
SNAP.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
- lttO-acre full bearing Iruit ranch, mostly
:>runes; all necwary appliances for handling
tY- crop: two sets buildings; will divide and
se'V en easy terms or exchange for Oakland.
Berkeley or S. F. property; price ¦ $30,000.
J H. EDSON. 14 and 15 Bacon block, Oak-
land^ - ' ' ¦ -
DAIRY ranch fcr sale; cheap: 20 acres In al-
'a!!a on Irrigation ditch; good Improvements;
10 head of milk cows. 40 tons of hay. chicK-
«•«:*, farm machinery, etc.; 1. mile from
rresmery; a snap if taken soon. J. O.
BENTZ. La&rop. Cal.
EALE or exchange fcr city property; sacrifice;
153 acres. Napa Co.: 60 acres in cultivation:
fruit, vines and grain;- fully equipped -and
paying; beautiful place:, gentleman's borne.
SHADEURNE. 405 Montgomery st. .... ,
POULTRY men and email farmers buy now;
fireet valley land in Sonoma County on very
«"a*v terms; send for -descriptive circular.
PETERS A- BAINES. 116 Montgomery st.
m ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS! "
~ Bend pcstal for catalogues ' of • the best, land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
048 Market tt. ...--¦ • -¦>/-¦
$9000 WILL secure a Urge tract' of land that
U wcrth four times the amount asked; must
»e sol J before November 1; a chance to make
• fortune; positively no risk. Box 2702, CalL
MARRIAGE 'LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yeaterdny: ' , ¦
! Edward P. Bancroft, 51 44 Third street, and -
Henrietta Langell,- 44, Grand Forks N. D. '
- John Kropuh. 26 160 Clara, street, and
Elizabata Adams; 20. 160 Clara street. • -
George W. ' Blum • 21/ 2048 McAllister street,
and Frieda Engel. 18 1915 Taylor street.
Clarence H. Swanton, 27. 418 Bartlett street,
and Ethle S. Penrose 23 North Bloomfleld.
Fred I. Lackenbach. 26, 630 Golden Gate
avenue, and Betty Brunzell, 32 502 Geary st.
Herbert G. Larsh, 26, 585 Third avenue; and
Florence Lipsher, 23, 1836 Golden Gate avenue.
Max Blum. 35. city, and Rose Newman. 26.
city. .
Joseph, A. Espinosa, 21 517 Vallejo street,
and Amelia Ortega, 17. 1310 Jackson street.
Robert J. Plerson. 36, Chicago and Chris-
tina Turban, o2,- Chicago.
James H. Cox. 34, 154 Russ street, and Til-
lie M. Perry. 25, 22 De Wolf street.
Axel B. Peterson/ 27. Leadville. Colo, and
Mary Hummf lgard • 28 Mllford Mass.
Johan C.i Larsen, 20. 1306& Greenwich
street, and Marie O. Frank. 20. 1306% Green-
wich street. ¦ -,
Cyrus B. Ferris. 21. Petoskey. Mich., and
Margaret E. Goodrich 20 Fort Spring, ky.
Gustave G. Dreyfus, 40. New York, and
Frances L. Wals8-22 city.
. '-Frederic -Lewin."' 29." 1414 California street,
and Laura \S. Scott, 21, 1414 California ,st.
Frederick C. Dohrmann. 28. 1727 Seventeenth
avenue South. 'and Paula Van Egert 20, 1127
Seventeenth avenue South.
William G. Baudoln. 26*. 230 Parnassus ave-
nue, and Vlolette E. Raynaud 25, 568 Lom-
bard street. ; •
C. Day, 50. Lodl. and Ida J v Hunt,
40, Lockport. N. Y.
1 . W^ U tJ. ¦*"•- Wolft-am. 21. Alameda. and Vio-
let \. • King. IS. 721 Harrison street.
Charles Behler, 20. Oroville and Berths,
Heper, 30, 722 Natoma street
Harold B. Richardson. 21, 2550 Bush street,
and. Alice J. D. Corbet. -21. 25S0 Bush street.
s P SrAt r i o & ite&sSs and Thftre8a
Berffi S n M t a t rkh : a i m. Marlihain ' >and B< * tr5Ce
Cfl rl D.. Dorn. 23. Salinas, and Mae S. Flan-
nery. 25, San Jose ¦
David Schwab. '36, New York, and Tillle
Loewenthal. 22, city •
William S. Alien. 21 Hongkong, and Edith
E. Smith. 21. 2232 Broadway
Marko Butierlch. 32. 443 Jessie street, and
Kata Muhobeiac. 22. 286 Shipley street.
BIRTHSt-MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent bj
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either cf the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices: restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. .- ' '
__— - _______
SAMSON— In this city. October 15, 1904. to the
wife of Henry L. Samson, a son.
VOERCKEL — In this city. October 18 1904, to
the wife of Moritz Voerckel (nee 'Burr), a
son. •
WEBB— In this city. October 14, 1904. to the
wife of Carl W. Webb (formerly Winnie R.
Ward), a eon.
FORD— McCORMICK— In this city. October 15.
1SHI4. by the Rev. George W. White, pastor
Central M. E. Church. Charles V. Ford and
Daisy M. McCormick, both of San Francisco.
JACKSON— MARKS— In this city at St. Ste-
phen's Church, by the Rev. Ernest Bradley,
George F. Jackson and Ellen Margery Mark.
both of this city. .No cards.
DIED.
Battke. Francis Gordon. Patrick J.
Bazzuro, Giuseppe Grewe, Gertrude K.
Buckley". Mary T. Haughton. Jane
Iluddemrr. Louis H. Kergan. John D.
Cano. -Nellie Lent. William M.
Currier. Ettle D. McCloskey. Annie
Danprl. John Micruel. Gerson
Donnelly, Mary E. Moloney. Margaret M.
Kddy. Mrs. Harriet Nev!!:. Mary A. D.
Knnis. John D. Newbrook. Eileen
Krlckson. Kllrn O'Connor. Gertrude
Karnham. John H. O'Connor. Margaret
Ko.arty. Michael \ Rldler. Grace
Fountain. Victor fin:th. John D. W.
G.xifTroy. Leon Stempel. - John H.
Godfrey. George B.
BATTKE— In the City and County Hospital. '
October 18. 1004, Francis Battke. a native
of California, aged 24 years.
BAZZURO — In this city. October IS. 1901.
Giuseppe ISazzuro. dearly beloved husband of
Mary Itazzuro. lather of Anna Bazzuro. and
uncle of Lulgi Croce. a native of Italy, aged
41 years and 10 months. !
BUCKLEY— In this city, October 17, 1904;
Mary T., beloved wife of the late Frank
Buckley Jr.. and dearly beloved mother of
Hazel and Ethel Buckley, and sister of Re-
becca and Joseph L. Callaghan and Mrs. T.
U." Beooks, a native of' New York. " " \
G_*"Fil»-nrlM and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:45' a. m., from her late !
residence. 1125 Devtsadero street, thence to'
Holy Cross Church, where a requ|em high
mass will be celebrated for the ¦ repose of
her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland, by 11 o'clock Creek boat.
BUDDEMER— In Berkeley, October 15. 19C4.
Louis H., beloved husband of Jennie R.
Buddemer. and father of Ella J. Buddemer
and Mrs. Lulu May Cox. a native of Mis-
souri, aged 57 years 2 months and 27 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral services
this (Wednesday) afternoon, at 2 o'clock, at
the parlors of Albert Brown, 672 Thirteenth
street. Oakland. Interment Mountain View
I Cemetery.
CANO— In this city, October IS. 1904, Nellie,
dearly beloved daughter of Ralph and Nel-
He E. Cano. and beloved sister of Ralph S.,
Leslie D. and JoseDhine Cano, a native of
San Francisco, aged 13 years 1 month and
29 days. - I
CURRIER— In Berkeley. October IS 1904. at
her residence. 1922 Grant street Bttie D.,
beloved wife of I. E. Currier, and mother of
Fred H. Merrill, a native of Ohio, aged 49
years."-. .«. .
DANERI— In Vallejo. October 15, 1904, John,
dearly beloved husband of Christina Danerl,
father of Mrs. Louisa" Cuneo. Mrs. Teresa
Papadopulo- and Frank Daneri. and grand-
father of Mrs. Cloe Leron. Mrs. Christina
Curtis, Stella and Charlie Foppiano and
and Stella Braternos, a native of Italy
aged 73 years. —¦"'/,'--,'--?>,,-.¦
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect*
. fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. October 19. at 12:45 p. m. from -tha
parlors ot Valente. Marini & Co., " 1524
Stockton street, thence to Garibaldi Guard
Hall, 423 Broadway. interment Italian
Cemetery.
DONNELLY— In this city. October 18 1904.
Mary E. Donnelly, beloved mother of Mm.
M. . Harrigan and Mrs. W. Struss. and sis-
ter of William, and James Gill, a native of
Boston, Mass.. aged 45 years 5 months and
14 days.
. E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, October 20. 1904 at 10 a. m., at
the mortuary chapel o f Julius S. Godeau 303
Montgomery avenue. Interment .Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
EDDY— In Montreal. Canada. October 14 1904'
Mrs. Harriet C. Eddy.' sister of Mrs. L. M.'
Foulke and E. W. and . E. B. Edson. a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 80 years
-ET'Frlends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully : Invited to , attend the funeral servloes
Friday. October 21, at 2 p. m.. at Gazelle
i ; Slskiyou County. Cal. ,- . " " !
ENNIS— In this city. October 18. 1904. John
v Dunbar, Ennis.- beloved husband of Anna T
Ennis, a native of Brooklyn. - N. » Y. aged
• 49 years.
ERICKSON— In this city, October 17 1904
Ellen, dearly beloved wife of Albert Erick-
son; and sister -of Mrs. Annie Devlne of
. Sierra City, a native of : County Roscom-
mon, Ireland. '. v « - '
¦¦- CVThp" : funeral will ' taka place to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 > a. m., from her late
residence. 359V4 First street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a requiem high
mass will ' be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 0 a. m. Interment
Holy. Cross Cemetery., . ,-
FARNHAM— In this city. October 18 1904.
John H.Farnham. a" native of Maine aged
* 72 years. v ¦ ' . .. -
FOGARTY— In this city. October 18 1904.
\ Michael. • beloved husband of Mary ; Fogarty,
.and father of William J..^ Charles E. Nel-
. n lie ¦¦- F.. ' Florence .A. . and James V. Fo'jrarty, '
Mrs. -David Wilson and Mrs. Martin Nagle
: a native of County Clare Ireland, aged 75
t .years. ¦.--./-¦¦¦¦...; .• • ¦
•. E7" Friends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday). ' at 8:.'IO a. m., ¦:• from his late
¦-.residence. 400. Utah* street. . thence to St
a ;.' Charles * Borromeo's ¦ Church ' ¦' where * . a ' re-
' • quirm high : mass will ~ be celebrated for " tha
.repose of his' soul, 'commencing: at 0 a, rn
';.* Interment s Holy. Cross Cemetery. '¦¦¦.;
FOUNTAIN— In this city; October 17 1904
¦,-¦¦:¦ Victor, Fountain, a native of -Canada' aeed
'; 71 years. ."j^^^S/^pgWMS
GEOFFROY— In this city. October 10 1001
v ; Leon.-; beloved husband of the late ' Margaret
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
'.(Successors to Flan'nagan 4 Gailaghert' "
>-: f DANIEL -P.*- DONOVAN.- Mgr - ''¦'¦--¦.-'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. ", opposite . Lincoln - School '
'.¦¦-: Telephone ¦ South : 80. / .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS;
— Funeral Directors : and ; Embalmers— -i^-
" Formerly in Metropolitan Temple » "— ,; •
v NOW-if 86C ; MISSION. 1 •' Tel.^ South 167
, . Between ! Fourth ! and ¦ Fifth. :¦ near 1 Fifth st -'
... Flneet! Equipments-, at i Moderate "Rates.-*
; rV James* McGinn. < '«••¦ Henry. Hansen. ¦* > < :
:¦» JAMES 'McGINNi&! CO.. o ¦ ¦
Formerly "-, With : McGinn Bros ¦ - :
'— Funeral' Directors -and 'Embalmer*— — '• '
- -. : ",' 214 ¦* Eddy i st. - : Tel. " South * 676v_ ; '". " '
Geoff roy, a native of France, aged 52 years.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m., from the under-
taking parlors of Iaccherl. Duclos & Co.. 62a
Broadway, between Dupont and Stockton
streets. Interment •Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by 3:30 train from Third and Townsend
streets. .-":'.. • ' • '- . -
GODFREY— In Seattle. Wash.. October 13,
1904, . George B.. dearly beloved husband of
Johanna Godfrey, and beloved father of An-
nie, Richard. Josie. John and Catherine God-
frey. Mrs. L. Gaudet and the late George
T. Godfrey, a native of England, aged te
years 4 months and 25 days.
|£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day. October 20, at 0 a. m.. from bis late
residence, 1410 Seventh avenue South, be-
tween L and M streets South, thence to All
Hallows Church, Sixteenth avenue and N
street South, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the reoose of,
his soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Also
services will be held at Imp. O." R. M. Hall.
Golden Gate ' avenue, between ' Leavenworth
and Hyde streets, . under the auspices of
George H. Thomas Post No. 2. G. A. R..
commencing at 11 :30 a. m. Interment Holy
Crose Cemetery.
GORDON — In thlf city, October 17. 1904, Pat-
rick Joseph, beloved brother of Michael Gor-
don and Mrs. John Higglns, Mrs. Michael
Pierce, and nephew of Patrick Cordon, a
native of County Roscommon. Ireland, aged
35 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday) at 8:30 a. ro.. from the resi-
dence of his uncle, 85 Brady street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREWE— In this city. October 17. 1904. Ger-
trude Katherlne. dearly beloved and only '
child of William A. and Annie Grewe. a
native of San Francisco, aged 11 months and
20 days. (Honolulu papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlt-d to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m.. from the resi-
dence of her parents. 229 Clara street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth streets and Folsom
and Harrison. Interment Hpunt Olivet Cero-
- etery. , "j^- : -'¦
HAUGHTON— In this city. October 16. 1904.
Jane, beloved wife of John Haughton. and
mother of Mrs. P. Flick. Mrs. L. H. Price
and J. W. and Albert Haughton. a native of
Leeds. Yorkshire. England, aged 60 years 8
months and 21 days.
IC?" Friends and acquaintance* »r> respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 p. ro., at the
¦family residence, 3671 Nineteenth street,
thence to Mount Olivet Cemetery via electric
I funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
KERGAN— In this city. October 13 1904. John
Depew. beloved husband of Catherine Ker-
gan. a native of Ontario, aged 63 years 5
months and. 14 days.
IE7Nottce of funeral hereafter.
LENT-^ln this city. October 17. 1904, William
Mandeville Lent, In his eighty-seventh year,
a native of New York.
ICT" Funeral services Wednesday, October
19. at 2 p. m.. from his late residence, ti'JU
Polk street Interment private.
McCLOSKEY— In this city. October 18. 1904.
Annie McCloskey, a native of Ireland, aged
70 years.
< ITT* Remains at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
MICHAEL— In this city. October 17, 1904. Ger-
eon Michael, dearly beloved father of Mrs.
Max Abrams, Mrs. Hyman Abrams, Mrs.
Harry Appleton, Mrs. Herman Bloom and
R. E. Michael, and brother of Gustav Michael
and Mrs. Blankenstein. a native of Germany.
aged 6S years and 7 months.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10' a. m.. from the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. Max Abrams,
12.;0 Jackson street, thence by 11:30 a. m.
train to Hills of Eternity Cemetery for In-
terment.
MOLONEY— In Oakland. October 18. 1904.
Margaret Mary, beloved wife of the late John
Moloney. and mother of Mathew D.. Ed-
ward P. and John J. Moloney. a native ot
County WaterfordJ Ireland, aged 79 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
October 20. 1904. at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence. S22 Adeline street, thence to
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for tha
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
NEVILL— In this city. October 16, 1904. Mary
Ann Donnelly NeviH, grandmother of D. L.
Donnelly and Mrs. Dr. Wallace of Sacra-
mento, a native of Ireland, aged 88 years.
<Sacramento papers please copy.)
P'Thp funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:5O a. m.. from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
1 thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
by 11:30 a. m. train from Third and Towns-
end streets.
NEWBROOK— In this city. October 14. 1904.
EUren Mary, beloved daughter of Herbert
ana Do'.ly Newbrook. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 days.
O'CONNOR— In this city, October 19. 1904 (of
diphtheria). Gertrude M., dearly beloved
daughter of Peter and Mary O'Connor, and
sister of Joseph. Loretta and Georgle O'Con-
nor, a native of San Francisco. < aged 4 years
- and 3 months.
O'CONNOR— In this city. October 18, 1904 at
her residence, 619 Third street, Margaret, be-
loved wife of the late Michael O'Connor, and
mother of Mrs. John O'Brien. Mrs. C. Her-
kenham, Mrs. George Cresse. Mrs. Charles
Laubenheimer and J. J. O'Connor, a native
of Ireland, aged 83 years.
(E7Notice of funeral hereafter.
; RIDLER— In this city. October IS. 1904. at
her residence, after a severe Ulnesa, Grace,
' wife of Joseph R. Rtdler.
ICXoticc of funeral hereafter.
: SMITH— In South . San Francisco, Cal., Octo-
ber 17, 1904. John Diedrich Wllhelm Smith,
beloved son, of John H. and Emma M. L.
Smith, and brother of Mrs. L. Hoffmann and
Ernst. Harry. Emma. Dorothy and the
late Frederick Smith, a. native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 15 years 5 months and 7 days.
(Santa Crux papers please copy.)
C^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrojr
(Thursday), at 1 p. m.. from the residence
of his . parents. 900 Thirty-third avenue
South. South San Francisco. Interment
Mount Ollvtt Cemetery. .
. STEMPEL — In Refuge Canyon, Placer County,
October 16. 1904. John Henry, beloved hus-
band of Anna Martha Stempel. and father
of Henry Stempel and Mrs. E. E. Fall, a
native of Germany, aged 72 years 4 months
and 10 days. A member of Ionic Lodge No.
.121. F. and A. M.V
C7Frien6s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
: . Friday. October 21. 1904. at 2 p. m.. at the
Masonic Temple, corner of Twelfth and
Washington streets, Oakland. Services under
the auspices of Sequoia Lodge No. 319. F.
and A. M.. Interment Mountain Vie^ Ceme-
tery. ' . ¦*
JTAPA CITY SEAL ESTATE.
STOP PAYING RENT!
OWN YOUR OWN HOME.
PUBLIC AUCTION,
AGRICULTURAL PARK TRACT.
NAPA CITY. CAL..
6ATURDAY. OCTOBER 22. 1904.
11 a. mT
300 CHOICE. LEVEL, LARGE LOTS 300
Adjoining City of Napa, on proposed line ot
VALLEJO. BENICIA AND NAPA VALLEY
ELECTRIC LINE,
Now Being Constructed.
Terms — One-half Cash per Lot — Balance 6
and 12 months. Interest on deferred pay-
ments. 6 per cent per annum; 10 per cent dis-
count for ca«h on deferred payment.
GOOD LUNCH SERVED FREE ON DAT
OF SALE.
AGRICULTURAL PARK TRACT CO.,
Owners. :•».-•-...;
ED. R. SMITH. Auctioneer.
BE INDEPENDENT!
BUY FOR INVESTMENT.
LO^n^A^BARlc^oirTinT^r^ajriSaTeo^ecr
trie cars; 45 minutes from 6th and Market
- sts. : outside the • fog belt and Just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay ehore "cutoff"
will Join the main line; second subdivision
now being offered; 50-foot lots from $400 up;
terms, flrst two subdivisions 'only £10 down
ajnd S10 a month: sewer and water pipes In
. front of ..every lot; pure artesian well water:
half tha lots In subdivision No; 1 were sold
In two weeks; an exceptional . opportunity
to secure a lot In this desirable section on
easy terms; take the electric cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appll-
- cation.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO.,
Tel. Main 673. 136 California st.
TZMBEB LANDS. ~
FOR SALE.
6000 acres best timber land in Northern Cali-
fornia; will average 35,000 feet per acre; %
redwood* and % fir. Fcr full particulars see
• J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.-.
Rooms 41S-410. Phcne FoUom 8*68.
CLEAP. Oakland. Berkeley or S. F. property
for ranches. J.. H. EDSON, 14-15 Bacon
block. Oakland. .' . -
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To rent, with the privilege of buy-
ing, an improved small farm; one adapted to
poultry and situated near Stockton or San
. Jose preferred. Address ISAAC GOVER,
General Delivery. Stockton. Cal.
BOOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 444 — Two or three' eunny rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. 1264 — Two large Runny rooms;
middle floor; use of laundry and large sunny
sard. *r '
EDDY, 1254— Unfurnished and furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
EIGHTEENTH, 3462. near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished rooms; housekeeping; bath.
ELLIS. 836 — 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms to let: yard.
ELLISDELL, 217 Post— Elegant suite for light
housekeeping; also single room; reasonable.
GEARY. 1225— Completely furnished room for
housekeeping; bay window; always sunny;
bath; marine view; ?I2.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 370^-Xlcely furnished
front alcove, with kitchen; private home.
GREEN. 1812 — Nice room; one or two ladles
or couple; housekeeping privileges.
JONES, 510%, near G<»ary— Will let unfur-
nished to adults-, 3 rooms for housekeeping In
a fino lower rear flat. Apply on premises.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen/loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine—
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LAGUNA. 1507, cor. Geary — Elegant 3-room
eunny suite; modern; private family; reas.
MASON. 505 — Furni«hed housekeeping rooms
and single rooms.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
(12; gas range: hot bath: adults.
POLK, 336, cor. McAllister — Large front room
and small cooking place for light house-
keeping.
PORTOLA. 73, off Waller, bet. Stelner and
Pierce — Two sunny rooms for housekeeping.
POST. 962 — Large sunny front suite, gas, water,
etc.; $20; rear suite $10 month.
SCOTT. 300. cor. Page — Newly furnished
housekeeping rooms, 2, 3 or 4; sunny.
SUNNY housekeeping rooms; also room for two
gentlemen. Apply at 253 Sixth st. (store).
UTAH. 538, east of Bryant — Large bsement.
furnished, newly painted, gas, sink, toilet,
hot and cold water, cheap.-. ;.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia 6t.
APABTMENT HOUSES.
ET. LOUIS. 157S Jackson — Marine view; 3-4-«
rooms: furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO IiET — rnrn. and TJafnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25. to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c, 60c. $1, $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store, 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lishts; running water In every room; ¦ 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
EDDY, 3 — Fine gore corner; nice furnished
rooms by day. week or month.
EDDY, 110— Launston— Opp. Tlvoll; fine fur-
nished rooms for transients: reas. rates.
ELLIS, 1436 — Sunny rooms, cozy corner, with
or without board; terms reasonable; '.private
family.
FRANKLIN, 20%— Single, furnished room in
private family, with bath; with or without
board; rent {5. ' '
FRANKLIN. 721— Sunny furnished front room-
$10; all conveniences.
GEARY, 1143 — Newly and attractively ' fur-
nished rooms; all sunny, bath, phone; run-
ning water; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1005— Sunny room,
running water, phone, grata and bath, with
use of piano. ' <<., .
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Room* 35o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $C wk. ; reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7— Nicely furnished sunny, front
suite, also single rooms ;-. $2 to $7 , week.
GRANT, ave.. Ill, "The Astoria"— Downtown:
pretty rooms; $1 per day; week, $3 up.
HARRISON, 743— $5. $0. $7. single and double
rooms; will. permit housekeeping. . ,.
HOWARD, .715— Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and 11 25 to |3 w^eelc
HOWARD. 737%— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms to let from $1 50 up.
KEARNY. 405— Furnished rooms to let.
MARKET. -• 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny
rooms; $2 50 to'$7 week; elevator.
METP.OPOLITAN Hotel, 120 Third St.— 400
sirgle and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day '
$2 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In* San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells," steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to Its guests.
O'FARRELL, S56— 2 nicely furnished rooms
on quiet, block near business center; reason-
• able. : ? , -
PACIFIC. 1K0— Small room, nicely furnished,"
for, lady: rent reasonable. - ¦--
PAGE. . 1776—2 or 3: unfurnished rooms and
bath. . .
POST." 217, near Grant Vave.— Elegant " front
suite; also single room; 'reasonable. . -.
POST." ¦ 951— Large sunny room to let; newly
•furnished: call aftcr ; 11-a. m.
POWELL^ 23&— Edinburgh— Furnished : rooms
en suite and single; suitable for office.*" -•¦-'.
POWELL. 415— Sunny . furnished rooms; gas-
bath; $5 to $10 month. \-f.. '
POWELL. illOC-f Large ibasement to let. - '
ROYAL HOUSE.126 Ellls^-Incandescent lights-
reading-room, smoking-room ; and ladies' oar-
- lor; rooms. per night, 35c -to $1 50; week S"
to $8:,month, $8 to, $30;- elevator Son Aground
floor; rooms with hot and, cold-water: baths.
SCOTT. 251— Sunny, suite;- private family; ; no
other; roomers; i( or ; 2 gentlemen; nice for
students; , reasonable. . - '
6H RA DEIC 1038^-Newly ; furnished V room, two
" blocks '-• from .-. the ' -.park. ? _ ¦ >
SIXTH," 143-^- Rooms '¦¦ with :, housekeeping : privl^- ' POULTRY — Live - Turkeys, * old."- 14@16c Tp«r
lb t torj. Gobblers and *.15C17c ; for. Hens; s young
Turkeys,. 20©22c per lb; Geese,: per pair .$150
C$1 , 75 :« Goslings, $2f2 25; Ducks- $4 SOia.'vtier
Trade • in " Poultry ¦ was ' hampered somewhat
by a : strike , of the Poultry pickers.- and • the
competition of'Oamet lessened: the demand for
gome kinds of chickens, but the market had a
steady ¦. tone - nevertheless, as .- receipts j*.were
moderate. *v Turkeys, ¦ Squabs, ' Goslings ir and
most kinds. of chickens were quoted 'higher. ."A
case r of * No. '.-. 2 » dressed - Turkeys >. was i received
and sales 'were reported at 18c per pound.- 4 Two
cars of .Western - Poultry were ' marketed.- r --"3 -
.; Game ;was ' In ." good i request 1 and. fine ? blrdi
sold 1 off r readily .at good" prices. ., Some of t the
offerings of" Canvasback Ducks ..were very poor
and thin 'and: had. to: be ¦sold "below the Quota
tions."?':; Hare, and ¦ Rabbits ;' ruled -firm, i-- . ; t>j
Poultry and . Game.
. X<w York Money Market. I
NEW YORIC. Ort. IS.— Close: -Money on
S£3^t?' 1?iS2 ***¦ cent: Clo * ln2 rbfd7i^1 j
Time loans— Steady. Sixty da>-». S per cent .
?.'• Oaye and six months. 3>£to3%-x*:r cent.
I'rime mercantile paper — i}4@5 per cent.
fctcrJlny; txchaa?«wsteady. with actual bud
rut* in bsrJuTF' bills at $4-fe370#4.&;75 fcr de
mand and at $4.8240 for sixty day billr
. !\*ted rates — ?* nifti S4t' £2d «j vrtii
•Jomnxerc^il bJllr — $4 62U- . - -•. -. -. .
Uar silver— .".Siic '-, '. / :
Mexican Dollars— 4C '4c. '
Government bends, ruwdy; railroad bonds." tr-
ISEWk! VCSK," Oct." IS.— A -well -controlled
rcsax^iua wu, tt«.rfiu!t «f to-day's. «toclt ra»r
kct. dae- to the setlias to take preuts- oa-tbe!
rise. ." . The ¦ strength - »&s maintained • by the
lifting of various stock* as • -raver- to<r*a1fz- I
-HOGS — XJv* : Hogs; -140 ' to S00- ths. 1 - iKei
2001O 200, lb>, 4^c;.13O lbs,awI,BB*sr.-.+i^e:
over ,2oO- ibV 4V5o; soft - Hogs.-, not wanted:
"The following quotations are for good, soun.l
Livestock delivered in San Francisco I**s 4O«
45 : per, cent shrinkage for Cattle :. <-,;•
'.CATTLE— Steers.. 7U©7Hc: Cows and Heif
ers.5%e«Hc:: thin Cows. .4£S<r per lb . v: -
\CALVES— 4«4isc.per lb (gross wetght).
..SHEEP— Wethers. -3%©3*i«;.' Ewes. 5g3i;c
per Jb ¦ (ffrom . weltrht) -• - ¦»-. - -»•¦.¦. •>-• j - * -; -¦ ~
LAMBS— «2 50«2 75* per, head." ' :'' 7 '. " ~ -
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :>- -.'..-. ™
BEEF— 6®7c . for . Steers and 4«5c p«r ¦ lb
for Cows. " ; ; ' ' . - .
.. -'VEAL— Large. «HS7 He:" small.'' 7§9c per lb
: MUTTON-W«tbers.';7©T»4c: Ew^eeTc per
pound. . . ... ¦ ...... .
j LAMB-rSeSo per . lb.. . - , ..- *
•^PORK — Dressed Hogs, 6@Sc.per lb",
LI%-ESTOCK MARKET. , v :,•-..
. ' Good ¦ Beef is scarce, but there Is plenty of
common- stock" on * the : market. •• The - other
Meats continue: in good supply, with previous
quotations, generally ruling. •¦''".'
' ".' ; :. DRESSED MEATS. - '-
Meat Market.
'. .Foreign* Futures, i:**,
- , -l.^ v
. Wheat— '¦ ..; ; '"..-. -, Dec. " "Marchl
Opening ... .......V:.'.....-7 6% '7 6*4'
Closing ....*.V..;r:.. .:-..'..... 7 5 ' ;;«%
- .".-." :'¦¦'•'•. .*::•" ; paris.' ' : '~'z>-"
' "Wheat— : «-.'\ ¦ . Oct. Jan7-ApL
Opening ....23 50 24 75
Closing-....;........-... v 23 45 24 65
•'- Flour — : .-. ¦¦•¦ ¦; ',' ¦ .'¦ — ¦ ¦• ' J ¦"¦¦
Opening;;........'.......^. 31 00 . 32 25
.Closing .-I;..-;.'.-.. .".'.I;..:...'. 30 90 > 32 IS »
' / '1 Boston -Wool- Market. ' '.
•;¦¦. BOSTOK/Oct;;i8.'-r f A". healthful tone seems to
exist , everywhere . in • the : wool market. • Manu
facturers are not only; free buyers' In this mar
ket, but are competing with dealers in -Western
markets." 5 Many new buyers ¦ are seen. • Terri
-tory wools are going. freely at firm prices: Quo
' tatlons:.--** "• • ¦•¦ V ' r '¦ - * "" . -¦
v- Territory: ''Idaho— Fine, 18@lS«4c; heavy
line, 15@16e;" fine medium.-18®18Hc; medium,
'18fi20c;-low medium. 1 21g22c.\. „ . «;%o -¦¦-.-•¦?>.• -
\ Fine.* 16®17c; heavy fine. • 15@16c
¦ fine ' medium^-* 17&«?1Sc; ? medium, 2OS21c;- low
mediunv;-22@23e.-.-v £',•¦' ~r ; - *- - J - ' ¦ , --¦¦- \ •- *
¦-<Utah- and --Nevada — Fine, =.n&18Mcr x heavy
: fine. 1 10ei6c; * fine : medium. 17%@18c; ¦ medium,
20®2lc;low medium. 22g2.1c. . ' - . ¦••, ¦* \\-.
'".: Montana — Fine," choice, • 21 ®22c: - fine average,
; 1O02CC ; I fine I medium.-; choice, <, 21^22c; average.
• 19© 20c; 'staple, 22g23c:. medium choice, 22S'2Sc.
¦• . 'yXoftlicrniWiicat Market. :'.",
- : -¦.•r:': : -i' •• ? '.-'OREGON.-V.'.;* ';¦">'¦"• * T -v :
¦?i PORTLAND.' Oct:T; IS.— Wheat 'for'.* export—
i Walla". Walla;- t2c; bluestem. ,85c; valley,-. 85c;
aaSCKLIiAXEOUS MARKETS.
NEW YORK^ Oct. 18.-t-COTTON— Futures
cpened steady. October, 0.75c; November 8 77c^
December. 9.87c; January, 9.Wc; February" lOc
bid; March, 10.04c; April. 10.07c bid- May
10.09c; June, 10.10c bid; July. 10.13c. 7 '
Futures closed steady. October 9 S6c ; No
vember. 9.88c; December, ».98c' January
Spot close quiet. 15 polntf; advance. Middling
uplands, 10.33c; middling Nulf, 10.60c Sales
600 bales. . 1 : . *
Xew York Grain ;lnd Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.-i-FLOUR— RecelDtn
83.100 barrels; exports. barrels; market
fair, with light demand w|.h winter grades
WHEAT— Receipts. 34.4)0 bushels- stjot
firm: No. 2 red. $1 20% r.jo. b.. afloat- nT i
Northern Duluth, $1 23%. fc 0 . b.^afloat- No
1 hard Mantoba. $t 07©l tfJH. f. o.-b afloat"
Options, opened lower on . account of bearish
cables and heavy Northwestern receipts but
rallied en strong Western news - This* in
eluded prediction* of smaller winter, wheat ar
rivals, .a-big Southwest cash demand and'fur
ther" manipulation of December by leadine
bulls. The ' close was Very firm at Ui@
lhc net advance. Scales Excluded:' ¦ No 2 rei
May. 1 12©1 14, closed-. $1 13%; December
$1 15%«1 17%, closed |1 !7«4. *' .T *—?**:
HOPS— Steady. ¦;! j
HIDES— Steady. !5>f
"WOOL — Firm. * !."j
PETROLEUM— Steady. '4' -
COFFEE-Spot . Rio, fl$n; No. 7 invoice.
8%c; mild, quiet. i«-r .
. • Future* - closed 10020 flolnt* ' higher^' Total
sales. 105,250 bags. Including: October . 6 80c*
November. - 7.8007.35c; December. 6.SCfeS6'»0c :
January. «.S0c; February.; 7.05c; March. 7 100
7.15c; April. -7.20c: i May. c 7.30«7.35c; Julf
7.45©7.60c. and • September., at J 7.6O©7.65e. • ' '-
SUGAR— Raw, • quiet; refining, $% C ;
centrifugtl, 96 test. 4Uc;'<Jnola8se» sugar 3V,e
Reflned was steady; No. ¦ f;: 4.58c: iNa 7- ! 4 50e-
No. . 8. 4.40c: • No. 9, 4.35e; No. 10. 4 30c* No'
11.'. 4.20c; it 0. 7 12. , 4.15o;, No. 13.Vt.lCte' N^
14. * 4.03c; confectioners' a. 4.80c; moid a
5.30c; cut loaf; and ; crushed; 5.e5c; ¦ powdered
6.05c: granulated; 1 4.05c;- cubes 6 20c^ ¦ ? ™
BUTTER — Unchanged.- •"¦
• CHEESE— Unchanged.
'EGOS— Unchanged. '¦" ; ' ,. :">':•; - :
'DRIED FRUITS.
, -EVAPORATED. APPLES-^-ThV markat is !
easy. « Prime for December. d*livery * are > offer
ing/ as low as -»i iC . while spot supplies also
rale e**K thQugh.net materially lower. ¦ owing
to the " light • oSerings.' • Common-: are ouoted at
The Gas. and Salmon stocks continued th«
leaders is activity yesterday, with sharp fluct
uations Alsraka ¦ Packers opened at $102- SO.
and after advancing and declining within th»
range of $102 50 and $1OS closed the day at
$105 50 bid. Gas and Electric, which dosed
Monday at $5!) 12H bid. opened at $58 25 and
declined to $38 SO. closing at $26 &> bid. Ha
waiian Commercial - declined from $87 50 - to
$67. Trading was active tn both sessions; of
the board, with a large banraess in Sacra
mento -Electric and other bends in the after
noon, the bond sates 1 amounting to $tOf».COO for
the day. exclusive of $53,000 United Railroad
4s at $33 S7H. '. - ¦ .¦ .
There was a fair business in the mining
stocks. The otl shares continued dull.
The Fireman's Fuod Insurance Company- ha«
declared Its regular, quarterly dividend of (3
per share, payable October 19.
The Caledonia Mfaing Company bas levied
an assessment of 10 cents per share., delin
quent November 21. .' Previous assessments win*
at the rate at 15 cents per ahar*.
STOCK AND BO XI> EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Oct. 1»— 2 p. m.
UNTTED STATES BONDS.
Bid. A«tcf . Bid. "Ask.
4s qr eoup. .l««»»10«V *» qr cp new. 1-11 S132U
4».qr -rejr..-106*%W*S T mf3» ir toup...lW«;icjtj
• MISCELLANEOUS 'BONDS. ;
Ala AW i3s. — — fO«"- T Co (J3.11rt 121%
Asso Oil B*- — j t>o3s 112 —
Pay CPC 5s.I01«41<C 1 Do coir .V».1t u .»Y£lC3
Cal C O 5a,l«2ii -.- tOoeanic S 5a..— ;„
Ca! a ft E < , : MOm Cab!* jfl«.12C\i -.
m & ct 5s. SI . SHil Pac G Im 4a." — . 07
Cat-sfC, 5».112V» -- If Vt.Hy Z».-. — 103^
C C Wat 5a. 1 88 . I P & C It es.KU —
EdL * P C*.12:t t«- »P * O R:«».llk«ilI5
F A C H «s. — T tPowfll-st t%. — —
Geary- «t 5s.. 43 ;r S« EOAR'i.M — .
H C*S SHs.105 — «w &,p ri.-5g. U 7 —
D» 3* ...,-MV, — I Sierra R 6». — —
Hoo R T fa.lOIJi'^ S Piof A Is ¦
L A Elec 3». — IC^t (t9C0> ...:.. 1«A14 .
Gas and Salmon . Stocks Still Lively
s and Flnctnating.
¦ Receipts of Beans yesterday were again
large, being 63e5 : sacks, making a total for
the first two days of the week of 14.757 sacks.
The market showed no . new - features except
that the demand for Montana and the South-,
west, mentioned last week, was reported quiet
ing down. . All quotations remain about as be
fore. - with i holder* steady and exacting fall
figures.
There Is nothing new in Seeds. Alfalfa. Is
still ; scarce. • ' ;- ; - - - ¦ . '-
• BEANS— Bayos $2 ?5@3; Pea. $3 10^3 25;
Butters. $2 75<33: small: White. $3 15®3 40;
large White. $2 40@2 63 r Pink, $3 10«3 30;
Red. $4 25t?4 50: Lima $4 15@4 30: Red Kid
neys, ' $4 50@4 75; -Blackeyes. $2 60@2 70 per
ctl: -'Horse Beans. ' $1 85®2 40. •. r, ; -
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax. $282 75; Canary, 6H
©7c; Alfalfa,* 15%©16Hc; Rape, lHig2Hc;
Timothy. 6%c: Hemp, 3%63?ie per lb; Millet.
2>4*?3Uc: Broom Corn Seed, $2O©21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2©2 25; new Green
Peas. : $2@2 25 per ctL . ¦ ;-. v. .
Potatoes, Onions and; Vegetables. .
Trade In ' Potatoes was of small . volume,
being confined chiefly" to the. filling of smalt
orders' for ordinary routine requirements. . and
the market 'had a weak tone, with fresh re
ceipts heavy and carried -over stock abundant.
The market .was overloaded ' with Sweets and
they ruled weak, . with . some dealers cuttlns;
prices. Onions were firm under a good specu
lative and shipping demand. '
Most ¦ of . the . day's receipts • of miscellaneous .
vegetable* cams . to . hand late, but there wu
no scarcity ' during the early trade as large
lines, -of all ' kinds \had ' been carried over
from ;the " preceding ., day. - All descriptions
stood as ; previously ¦• quoted. .--.,-
POTATOES — Burbanks from ,the river,' 509
70c 1 per -ctl: Salinas . Burbanks. . $1Q1 30,.. per
: ctl:. River; Reds 85c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes,
9Qc9$l ' pe r -' ctl. - , . '.--.-
ONIONS— $1 25©1 50 per ctl. -
V VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75c©*l 25 per
sack'-or., crate: String -Beans. -. 3^40" r per
lb: Wax Beans, :304c per lb;- Lima
Beans,; ,455c per ,- lb;'.. Tomatoes.- .15®
35c per box: Summer Squash/ 40950c per
box: Cabbage. .J5c per • ctl ; » Carrots, i 75c per
sack ;' Cucumbers. 35@50c per box; 1 Garlic. 4^4
fti%c per .-lb; • Egg = Plant. 35650c „ per box; ,
Dried - Peppers, "' nominal : - Green ¦ Okra. - s 60365c
per < box; Green Peppers, v 40660c per box;
Mushrooms, 20©25c per lb; Marrowfat Squash/
$12gl5 ; per ton. . • ; . .;- ., . , '
STOCK 31ARKET.
New York Cottoy Market
Condition of the -Treasury.
Oct. 18.-To-days statement
of the Treasury: Available cash balance.
$146,426,224; gold. $76,395.9^1. Balance,
: Hides, Tallow, Wool 'and Hops.
The situation in! Wool remains as 'quoted for.
the past three or four weeks. The market Is
firm, with a brisk demand for all grades, de
fective as well as free, and arrivals are kept
cleaned up as fast as they come in.
. Hides are In excellent demand and firm, tout
[ prices show no further change.
I . There Is nothing further new In Hops. They
1 rule as firm as heretofore, .with only a frac
i tlon of th* crop ¦ left . in growers' hands and
; If present conditions continue even they will
soon be gone. ¦ •>• - - \> • - «c-«'
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 104c: medium. 9^c; light flc:,Cow
Hides. 0c for heavy > and »c for light; Stags
i 7«; Salted Kip. 10c : Salttd Veal.. Her SaU«d
Calf, ll^e: dry Hides, 18H617C: dry Kip. 13»
1 14c; dry Calf.. 13c; Sheepskins shearlings" 25O
: 40c each; short Wool. ! 4*X5,i>5c e acn; medium.
75«8Oc: long .Wool. $1©1 50; Horse Hides!
salt. $2-75 for large: and $2#2 30 for medium.
$1 50$2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for: large and $1 50 for me
dium, -* $1- for small "and r 50c" for Colts,
i Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
I Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 3Qc- Goat
I Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c: extra, large do.
$1 25: large. 50c; medium. 33c; small.- 20c'
TALLOW— No.^| rendered, 404 He per lb-
No. 2. 3%c: Gresle. 2HO3c; r?^ m '
. , WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin and I South
ern. 5 J>#llc; Southern? 8««c; . 3quth«ra. Moun
tain. &®llc; MlddH> Counties, free. lMlic
do,,defective. 10612c; Northern ¦ free, I*»ei4e
do.. defective. lG$12c; ; Humboldt • and Menda
clno 14©15c per lb.- - . V«« ««nao-
HOPS— 1904 crop, 26©81c per 'lb.- / ..
WASHINGTON. ' ~ . -
Flour, qr sks.". iai70j FlsJweed, sks.. '1.491
Oats, ctla 7.133[ Groats, sks .... S10
Middlings, sks.. 500(
Flour, qr sks.. 4.443jWoot. balea ..... ISA
Wheat. ctl» .... 3.1V3iFeed. sks ..... -2O
Barley, etls ... 135.6 ti: Tallow, ctla ... ¦ 214
Oats, ctis . 719i Leather, rolls .. TS*
Beans, sks.... 6.3«J3| Hides. No 13S
Potatoes, aks .'. 8.5SO Pelts. No 165
Onions, sks .... l?4}Braad7. gals ... 3.30O
Hay. tons l*lf Wine, gals ..... 37.375
Hops, bales .... 23S:Ralsins. bxs .... 3.230
Receipts of Produce.
FOB TUESDAY. OCTOBER M.
Beans and Seeds.
COTTOLENB— Ona haU barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce. 8Hc; two Uerces.
8%c; five, tierces. SHc p«r Vb. ,"~^
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11 %o per lb for
heavy. ll%c for light medium 14c for light.
14*4° for . extra light : and" 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides.- 10%c; Bellies, 12c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13Hc: Men Beef, f 10010 50 per
bbl; extra Meas, $10 50-311; Family. $1291250
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear $23-
Mess, $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs'. Feet. $3; Smoked Beef. 14c. per 11>.
LARD — Tierces quoted at «Hc perlb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
.and 10>4c for pure: half-barrels, pore 10\e
10-lb tins, Uiic; 3-Ib tins, utfc; 3-ib u^,'
The situation in these goods remains un
changed. Some h«uses report a fairly active
and others a dull market. Previous quota
tlons- rule.- •
Provisions.
CHICAGO, Oct. -.18. — CATTLE— Receipts,
11,000, Including 3000 Westerns; steady; good
! to prime- steers, $5 S0@6 SO: poor to medium,
i $3 55@5 60; stockers and- feeders, $2 2G@4;
! cows, $1 5004 10; .heifers, SI 55^5 50; can
> ners. $1 50®2 40; bulls, $2@4 10; calves. $3 50
i ©6 75; -Texas ? fed steers, $3 50@5; -Western
; steers, $2 55€4 5O.
HOGS — Receipts, 18,000; to-morrow, 20.000;
I steady to weak; mixed and butchers, $5^5 40;
) good to choice heavy. $5 10@5 40; rough heav>%
$4.70^5; light,- $4^035 25; bulk of- sales.
S3 05©5 20. ..
SHEEP— Receipts. ; 30.000; steady; lambs,
weak; good to choice wethers. $3 5o.g4 60; fair
\ to choice- mixed, $3. 23g3 55; Western sheep,
?3@4 25: native lambs,- $4 50@6; -Western
lambs, $4®5 60.
|j Omaha.
' OMAHA.* Oct. .18.— -CATTLE— Receipts. -'6100;
steady to shade stronger; native steers, $4 25®
6 25;. cows and heifers. $2 40®3- 50: Western
steers, $S@4*65; Texas" steers. • $2 7o@3 65;
range .cows . and ¦ heifers. $2 25@3 25; eanners,
$1 50fi2 15; stockers- and feeders.. $2 25<S3 90; '
calves. *3Q5 00; bulls. and stags, $1 60®3 25. ,
HOGS — Receipts, 6600; market 5®10o lower; i
heavy, $4 00@5; mixed,* $4 02V^@4 97%: light,
$4 W%©5 05: pigs, $4 50(34 80; bulk of sales,
$4 92H@4 &714. ;¦¦•-- :;,,',
• SHEEP — Receipts. 10,500: active and strong
er;'Western yearlings, $3 65^4; wethers, $3 40
©3 SO: ewes, $3®3 60; common" and stockers,
$2 5CKg3 75; lambs, S4 60S5 25. . , ¦ -.,
. " i Kansas' City.
1 . KANSAS : CITY, ' Oct. ; ' 18.— CATTUB— Re
ceipts. 20,000; steady^ native steers, $4®6 25;
native cows and heifers, $l«50@4 60; stockera
and feeders, $2 25i@4 25; -balls, , $1 75® 3 25;
calves, $2 60®o: Western steers, $3®4 50;
Western , cows,. ?1 50® 3 BO. - - - . ,- %.
~:~ HOGS — Receipts," 10,000; . 5c lower; bulk ot
sales. *4r7565 10: iheavr.' $5®5 17H; packers,
S5®5 15: pigs and lights. $4 60@5 05 - .h'
SHEEP— Receipts. v 6000: . steady; muttons,
$3 23@3 80; lambs, $4 60®5 15; range wethers,
¦?3 25@4; ewes.^ $2 75@3 60; Utah wethers,. 110
I pounds, $3 85.' "'¦'".- " <>.•¦ ¦ f
Chicago.
CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
! CHICAGO. Oct. 18. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the ? butter market was firm;
creameries, 15@20V£c; dairies, 13@17c; eggs,
nrm: 16%618»4c; firsts, 18%c; cheese, steady,
10«ji0%c. ; • ¦<¦ -¦¦'¦-
Butter, Clieese and Eggs.
Bran,-. Middlings and Shorts . are. again
lower, as the rapidly-growing green feed is
cutting down the demand for them, and the
market Is very soft at the decline.
There was only one car of Hay in yesterday
and receipts by water were also small, the to
tal arrivals being only 141 tons. The situa
tion remains unchanged, choice , dry clean
wheat being very ; firm, with occasional sales
over the top quotation, while weather-stained
lots are avoided by buyers and have to so
for what they will bring. . -„. :. ¦ . :
. BRAN~$19«20 per ton. <¦ - . ..-
MIDDLINGS— $24©27 per ton. .
6HORTS— $19®20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23 50024 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50@32 50;
Jobbing. ?33 : Cocoanut Cake. $22®23; Corn
Meal, $30 5O@31 50: Cracked Corn. $31®32;
Mixed Feed, S22G22 50; Horse Beans. $30@4Q
per ton ; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAT— Wheat. «1O$!15 G^O: Wheat and Oat.
$10<ffl4 50; Oat. $9® 13;' Barley and Oat. $S
©12; -Volunteer Wild Oat, $7©10: stable.' $9
en :' stock. $5 5067; Clover. $7®10; Alfalfa,
$9®12 per.tonr : , . .
STRAW— 43® 65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
- CHICAGO." Oct. 18.— Cash quotations were
as, follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 -spring wheat.
$1 1291-18:'- Now 3,'- $1 05@l 15; No. 2. red.
$1 15»4@1 IS: No. 2 corn, 52&C; No. 2 yellow.
£>S%c: No. 2 cats. iSO^SO^c; No. 8 white.
2SH630*(c:'Ko.'-2 rye. 77^4 ©TSc ; good feednig
barley. 35Hc; fair to. choice malting. 4O#4Sc;
No 1 'flaxseed. $1 09V4: No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 16 U: mess pork, per bbl, $10 yOfflll; lard,
per 100 lbs, $7 15®7 17%; short ribs sides
<loose),' *$7 6007 62%: short ¦- dear sides
(boxed). $7 25@7 50; whisky, basis of high
wines ?1 26%; clover, contract grade, $12 25.
Articles — ..* ' . ReceiDts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 32.700 35.200
Wheat, bushels 164,400 253,500
Corn, bushels 10S.40O 255,000
Oats, bushels ...: ...307,800: 30«,800
Rye, bushels '.i 15.000 '
Barley, bushels ..:....... 179,800 40.4P0
Cash i Grain and Provisions.
Flour : and Millstuffs.
•'• The local millers continue to quote a < fair
demand for both - Flour, and MULstuffs .at
steady prices. - - -
FLOUR— California Family Extras %\ 8*3
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 TOfg".;
Oregon *and Washington, jobbing at ?1Q4 50
per bbl. ' •
MILLS TUKKS — Price* In packages are - aa
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per. 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour,
JT; Corn Meal $2 30; extra cream do. »3 60:
Oat Meal. $3 75: Oat Groats. $4; Hominy.
$3 6Q@3 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat $3 50; Farina. |3 75; Wnole Wheat
Flour, |3 60: Rolled Oats, bbls. (8 75@7 B0; in
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $.'» 50 per 100 lbs.
EASTERN* 3IAHKETS
SUSIMAHWOF liiE MAKKETS. ?
Wall ttrcci vtooks and active.
Coitoii uoak.
•Tai»ai:cs*> bonds break sharply in Tjon
don.
AiasUa Packets* tiock recovers some
of Us lo<t srotmd.
Slight x-irialion* la t-IIvcr and tit- .
clian^v.
Wheat freiglits falrlj- steadi', with
f«])ot business quiet. -
Wheat and 15ar!ey quiet and not ma
terially fJiangt*d.
Oats nnd Corn steady. Rye slightly
lil^hcr.
Hour and MUIstuffs in fair demand.
Bran, Middlings and Shorts lower.
Hay u:!:iiai! t T(l.
Ileatis finiily lield, uith large receipts, j
All Dried lVuite. Including Prunes,
!*liOMii!g moi-e activity. . ¦
ItaiiJn quotations withdrawn by the
Iiacliers.
Xnts Mcady and moving off well.
Honey quiet
lixr»i>ion> unclsansed. here and in the
West.
Wool in brisk demand and selling on
arrival.
Hop* and Hides buoyant and in ex
cel Ieut demand.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs in good sup
ply and unchanged.
l'outtoes in heavy stock and quiet.
Onions higher.
]\>ultr> trade tampered- by a labor
strifce.
<iamo tirai and in eood demand.
<Jood local demand for fresh Fruits.
. I
Japanese iiomL- Break.
LoTidcn Cispjtche* j-esttrday eaid that tt« j
Kusrfiaii successes at Si'JkJen had caused a I
*~Ci*lCerablc sluirp ia Japanese 4s on the \
Stock Exctan«e. the loss at m.-on U-ir.p l^i j
;*r cent- The wildest rumors were a£oat.
tnclsdins; one of the capture of General Ku-
The Cotton 31arket.
The New York wires of E. V. Huttoa &. Ca
yevterday said : ' .
"*Our market opened uni?hang«»<i to 2 p-3lnts j
higher, which was somewhat better than ex- I
S-tcted on the Liverpool. Th* bis bear leaders j
made a hard drive at the whole list, but VJ>« j
h\g bull operators from New Orleans stepped
In. taking 10.000 bales at a time, and it waa
reported that they were heavy buyers all
around the pit. Trading wis active and shorts
nervous. Purchafes of March cotton - around j
10 cents will chow good profits. In the initial '.
trs dltu? presrare carried quotations down dk to
• poista. but the indicated small receipts at
Houston to-morrow induced eotae short cov
ering on the theory that some falling off in
the movement is probable and this would com
pare with larrer receipts last year. Reports
of cold weather in Texas and with a forecast
for t>ad weather and frost in the cotton belt
. turned the riarket upward and price* ad
vanced 10 to 2« a°mts on comparatively heavy
buyinc by the bull contingent and Southern
;ntf rests. There arretrs to be comparatn-ely 1
Mttle cotton pressing on the market, but the
speculation is too professional at the moment
tu lock fcr any sustained upward movement
in the face of a large tnovemeEt and large
supplies cf certificated cotton here, unless crop
dt-vtlopmer.ts of a bullish nature should make
liteir ar^earaace."
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdle, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
V.'eathtr Burrau. is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMART.
Cloudy and unsettled weather, with frequent
rains, prevailed jaost of the week in tfce cen
tral and northern Motions and generally dear
weather la the fouth. Heavy rains at the
close of the preceding week caused high m-ater
in the Sacramento and Russian rivers and
ether etream*. Dry rcrtherly winds prevailed
at the close of the week.
In the interval between the storms much
progress wa* made in gathering rrapes. and
;t Is now rei-orted that the loss by tfce rain
will be less than expected, though a consid
erable portion cf the second crop was ruined.
The rals'.n crop In the Han Joaquln Valley |
..will be much lees than estimated earlier in
the season ow^ng to unfavorable conditions In
the last three weeks, "but a large crop has
b*en secured fn the south, especially In th«
K! Cajon district. Fruit drying and raisin
making are practically completed. Oranges in
the Sacramento Valley are commencing to j
cn\or acd art dcir.g well in other sections.
Walnuts were not damaged by rain and har
vest is progressing.
Beans in nearly all sections have been con
siderably damaged by the recent rains, but
the lo»s will be lighter than estimated. Com
and potatoes In Colusa and Sonoma counties
were da.zr.sged by overflowing streams. Hills
and fielfi* are green, green feed is abundant
and early cown grain is up and looking vig
orous. Plowing and cseding are progressing
' Tvhere the ec'.l is not too wet.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— Cool. cloudy
weather prevail*^ meet of the week, with fre
quent rales. Tfce Sacramento River on the
12th rose to eighteen feet at Sacramento and
twenty Joet at Colusa. causing some damage
to farcins lands and crops. Northerly winds
at the close cf the week absorbed some of the
«urp!us moisture in • the roil. Plowing Is
progressing, but In some, places the ground
has been too wet for seeding. Early sown
trraSn is op and looks vigorous. Green feed
is plentiful and growing rapidly. ' Beans, hay,
prapes and !ate prunes hare been considerably
damaged by the recent heavy rains and ia
come places the tecend crop of grapes Is re
ported a total Ion. Tokay shipments from
Sacramento have ceased. Oranges are be
glnnirg to cclor and the cutlook Is good for !
a large crop.
COAST AND BAT SECTIONS.— Cloudy un
settled weath»r prevailed part cf the week. |
with heavy rains In some sections, but there
were two or three day* cf clear, warm weath- ;
er. High water In the Russian River and
ether «treasa in Sonoma County caused some
damage to com and potatoes. During the
clear weather even progress was made In
gathering late grapes, and it Is reported that
the loss with tfcie crop will be lighter than
anticipated. Bears In the vicinity cf Wat
scnvllle were ser!ou«ly damaged by rain. On'
the whole, the heavy rains have been very
beneficial. The h!l!s sr.d fields are green,
early -rain is mtklr.g good growth and green
feed Is abundant. Plowing and seeding are •
progressing. Potatoes and beets give promise
of fair crope. Oranges and olives at Clover
dale are in good condition •
SAX JOAQUIX VALLET.— Partly cloudy
¦neather. wtth showers, prevailed during the
first part of the week end clear weather dur
ing the latter part. The rain virtually end^d
011 fruit drying and grapes are being shipped
to the wineries, which are running to thflr
fu:i capacity. A few grapes are being mar
keted, mostly black varieties. For grass and
stock the past week was exceptionally favor
able. Grass has made rapid growth and stock
are doing will. Farmers are busy preparing
foe fall work. The ground is still too wet
in most places fcr plowing.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA— The weather
daring the week was generally clear and fa
vorable for raleln makfng and walnut picking
Rein at the close -of last week caused no
<i&ir.ar« to raisins owing to timely warnings
snd the prompt stacking of trays. Ratein
drying is completed at Potray «xd progressing
fEVorar.ly tn other section*. Walnuts were
not damaged by rain. The bean crop in the J
r-.ar.ta llarla district frtll be considerably -lees t
than expected owing to shelling of the 'beans !
tn the flr-.ds daring the heavy rains; threshing
ij prorrcssintr. PcUtocs are dolnr welJ and
*rass j s making good growth. Citrus fruits
• cntince in good condition.
EUREKA SUMlIARy.—ciaudy weather
nearly all of the w ffk . with considerate
lain,- Farm work was wincwhat delayed.
ora« Is making rapid growth; good pa«tur
fc^e on al! range*. Potato digging and pea
ZjOS ANGELES SUMMART.-Tfce late rain I
•n the southern portion «u too light to da i
RAM or harm. Dry wind g U nda» night will
sdd »« demand for irrigation waterT oiaSft
farm work 1s at standstill, waiting to T rsin I
•
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins, Honey.
Prunes are now reported as showing more
tone In this market. There ia no longer any
pressure to sell nor any lowering of prices to
unheard of low rates to attract - buyers. At
the same time there is very little advance,
though the trade seem to expect- better quota
tions from now on. The very large and small
sizes are most in favor, and the mediums,
those ranging from 90s to 80s., are not much
wanted at the moment.
The Raisin prices below must be considered
nominal, as the packers as a role have with
drawn their quotations for the time being.
- Nuts are steady and moving . oS well . at
full figures. The demand for Honey is lighter
as buyers have supplied their needs for th
present. but the goods are well held - and
show no weakness. "'¦ • !S«.
Peaches and Apricots continue. I th» firmest
descriptions in the list. The demand for all
Fruits, Including Prunes, Is more active than
of late. " . .
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots. ~%Q10c for
Royals and Of? 12c for Moorparks; Nectarines,
6©7%o for White and t>g«Hc for Red;
Peaches. 6%<9S%c per 1b; Pears. 7®12c:
Plums, pitted. &36%c for -black. 8^8 %e
for red and 7@8%c for yellow; Figs, i-crown
bricks. 60c; 3-crown. 65c; 4-crown. 60c: 6
crown. 65c; bulk white. 2%t?3c; black, 3%c.
Evaporated Apples. 5%@7c per lb.
PRUNES— 1%61%c per lb for the four sixes
and 2%c basis for the large alzas.
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o.- b Fresno Im
perial clusters. $2 25©2 50: Debesa. $1 S5§2:
London Layers. 80c6*l; Loose Muscatels. 4
crown. 4«4%c;. 3-crown. • 3%©a%c; 2-crown.
3«3*sc: Seedless. 2%»2%c: "Floated. 3c; Seed
ed, 4@5%c; Thompson's Seedless. 4%c; Seed
less Sultanas. 3%e3%o per lb.
" NUTS— New Walnuts, No. I softs hell 12©
12%c: No. 2. 10®10%c: No. 1 hardshell.' 12o;
No. 2. 10c; Almonds. 16©lTc for Nospariels.
14fil4%c for I X L. 13©14c for Ne Plus Ultra
and lie for Languedoc; -Peanuts 697c ° for
Eastern: Pecans. llgUe: Cocoanata, S4 0065-
Chestnuts; 10015c per lb. ; . n '
HONEY — Comb. ll%013c for white and 10®
lie for amber; water white extracted, S%0
6c; light amber, extracted. 565%c; dark, '&$
B C EESWAX— 27629c per lb.
mi sales. The market was kept irregular,
irther than weak In 'this- way. but the infer
ence of the advances on e'entlment was not so
elective .at yesterday and there " was more
disposition manifest to look for reaction. Th«
action of yejsterday's late tradlns was a pre
clsjioeing cause to this view. The result was
a general conviction this morning that a very
extensive distribution" of holdings had b*«n
tfi^cud yetterday from 1 the strong speculative
htir.Js which have festered' the growth of th»
jjreacnt bull market to the weaktr hands of
the n*w class of buyers who have been at
tracted by the latter ttas«?s at the advance
and who made their firet appearance in any
rcttsiderable number yesterday. The conte
quence was a more § potted market and a de
cline In speculative enthusiasm. The dealings
fell into a Etate cf decided dullness at various
times during the day and the rush to buy,
which carried prices comprehensively upward,
wa s not in evidence at any time during the
Cay. The profit-taking was not precipitate
ami was not carried far at the expense of
values. Any advance in prices was takes ad
\?.ntage of to sell etocks, but the pressure re
laxed at a recession in prices to last night e '
level or below." The consequence waa that
i:r> great inroads on prices were caused by
the profit taking. The policy was reverted 1
to of shifting operations from one stock to
cr...thcr to sustain prices throughout the Hat.
The upward movement in St. Paul was not
wholly convincing, particularly as old rumors
were revived- of -a settlement cf th- Northern
Securities trouble, this time by an absorp
tion of St. I>aul by Union Pacific by a bond
if sue exchangable in the proportion of 200
per 'cent in bonds fcr 100 per cent in stocks.
The usual lack of authority for these state
irents was a feature and the backwardness
of the refponse in Union Pacific was an ad
ditional drawback to the efficiency of the story
in Fupportir.g the general market. The ex
cited demand for copper failed to benefit
Arralsamated Copp*r. The news of the day
awakened little interest In market circles and
atttr.tlon was devoted to the record of the tape
a* affording evidence cf the public interest
or abstention from the dealings.
London vrtia a selier here and discounts
hardened there. ' The discount rate was soft
in Berlin, however, and the weekly statement
of the Imperial Bank . of Germany showed
the effect of th« higher bank discount rate
ia a cash gaia of ?I2,550.O0»>. repayment ot
locns to the amount of *13,13O.0<X> and a
cote contraction of S21.C10.00O. Sterling ex
change at Continental points in consequence
recovered. The sub-treasury took a consider
able sum frcm the banks here t»-day. thus re
versing the "recent course of the balances.
Mone** rates, however, were unchanged.
The stock markst closed rather easy. Re
alizing in speculative bond Issues made the
bund market Irregular. Total sales, par value,
$7,315,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
New York Stock List.
E. F. Uutton & Co.. 490 California street,
San Fraacisco. members of the New York
; Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
! quotations of that Exchange:
Sales, j Stocks— IHighlLow-l Bid.! Ask.
' Adams Express ..\ ' ,'240 250
H,900bvrhaI Copper ...,r 65% 64«i tio t>5%
1 Amer Can Co ...I.. .;-• ¦ «% 6*4
! ¦-.[ DO =pfd .....-J ;,..: 47%',. 4S*.
1.3oo:Am- Car & F Co;j 27% 26% 2tJ*« 26%
3.0OU. Do pfd I &5%| 84 S5*sl 8«
....... Aftver Chicle W> 1 5»3
Do pfbd ..'. 101 105
SCO Acier Cot OH .. 22 31% 32 '
1U) Do pfd 93 »3 82 W
Urner Dist Tel ..[ | 2ti 2S
100; Amer Ex 1210 210 (208 1210
jAm G Twme Co. 7% 8
1,300 Amer Hide & L..1 6% 5% 5*i| «J
1UO| Do ofd" f 22 I 21 • 22%| 23U
2.100, Amer Ice ..."...I-8%J b% 6»*1 9
5,400 Do pfd ...... \ 41 I 40. | 40%) 40%
2,e00;AJner Unseed ....I 16 (14 | 14%| 15
600| Do pfd .],37%i S6 37- 38
4,t0.iAm Locomotive.. 29%l 2a% 2»% 29
1,000; Do pfd 93 i 87% 07% 97%
Amer Malt.... 4% 4%
1.500. Do pfd ...... 22H1 22% 22% 22%
4.700jAm S & R Co. 67V, 1 66% «7V4 «I\
2.900| Do pfd lC9»illO9%tlO9Vt|lt*%
30,700'Amer Sugar ...;137V135%|137% 137»b
300 IV) pfd 134%|134 135 136%
|Amer T & T Co 1 142 144
!Amer Tab pfd 143 145
iOOJAmer Woolen ... 1S%| 1S%| 18- 1S%
Do ptd I I 83 84
l.tWOtAnaconda .._... 9O*i 99%) l«*i 10O%
...•..'..!Axin Arbor. :.T.»: ..ii. ¦- il 30 32
.j Dopfd ...;..: < .....| 59 CO
22,200 A T & Santa Fe.. S5% 54Ti 63% 85%
4>X>; Do pfd 101 U 101 101 101%
600 Bait & Ohio .... 94%| 94% 94% ms,
• -•«> .Do ptd • , 9». I US 95% »e%
...Ray State Gas }..... V» 5-liS
60.500'b R T «S%f 66»,i 67% 67%
3,tXX»;Brookl>-n U Ga* 22S%|222 22« 228
CUO) Brunswick D & 1 S% 8 S% 9
5tv;Butterick Co 49% 49% 50% 51%
300, Canada So .... tS»» €S% «s\ «S%
aooCanadian Pa« ..134 13S 133% lS3*»
6,000, C & O 45% 45 45 45%
'C & A 35 39
Do pfd SO. 65
C & E I pfd 135. 145
C I & L pfd ... 80 S»
15,O00iC & G W ...... 19% 18% 19% 19%
l.lOO; Do A pfd 61 60% 60% €1
1,7001 Do B pfd 30 29% »% 30
Da Debs , 84% 65
2.30CMC & N W 192% 191% 192 1192%
107.100,C M & St P [171% ltiS% 170% 170%
100 Do pfd 1184 1S4 1183 1S4
26,000,C R I & P (new). 30% 29% 29% 29%
3.400 Do pfd ...... 74 73% 73% l 73%
1 Do ii 77% 77%
1.700-Chieago Ter ... 8 |-7 7% 7%
900; Do prd 116 15 15 15%
MOChi Un Traction. 7% 7% 7% -7%
4<W i C C C i St L... 85% S5% 85% 85%
lOOj Dopfd .......112 112 111% 112%
lOO.Cleve Lor & W. 70 70 65 67
100i Do pfd ....... 100 100 97
5.90O;Oo!o Fuel & I.. 39% 37% 37% 3S
....... Do pfd ................. 60 65
200'Col Hock C &. I. 13%; 13% 13 13%
6.700Colo Southerp .. 23% 22% 23% 231,
1,900) Do 1st pfd..... 55 53 54% .'.3
1.80UJ Do 24 Pfd 29% 28% 29 £9%
; S3,00O.Consolidated Gas 216% 21G% 216% 216%
700;Cont Tob Co pfd 124% 124 123% 124
LSOO'Corn Products .. 18 17% 17% 17%
500 Do pfd 76% 76 7C 76%
8,500,DeI & Hudson.. 175% 174% 175 175%
I D L AW 294% 2yi"%
7OO,D it R G 29% 2»V4 29% 29%
200) Do pfd 82 81% 81% 82
j jDes M &. Ft D. 24 25
80O;Detrolt Un Ry. . 74 73% 73% . 74%
300-Detrolt Southern 4% 4' 3% 4%
|. Dopfd «% 7
; I Diamond Match . ...-. 134 140
; 3.500!D!stll Securities. 34% SS% 33% 34
1 1 Do Bonds 73% 74
1,000 Duluth S S & A 12 11% 11% 1214
l.eoO DO pfd 19% 13% 18% 19
. 110.700iErle 25% 34% 35% 35%
ll.eOCH Do 1st pfd 70% 69% 70% 70^1
6,600 Do 2d pfd i 49% 43% 49% 50
E & T H 53 60
Do pfd ..... 75 85
Ft W & D C 42 48
General Chemical 48 55
T. Dopfd.... 94 96
3.300 General . Electric 178% 178% 177% 178
, Gt Northern Pfd 199 192
.'Green Cons Cop I . 20%j 20%
..:.'... Havana Tob Co .........'. 2« 30
Do pfd 37 41
Hockjng JV'alley.. 62 S3
200 Do pfd 89% 89% "&9% »0
2.300'niinois Central . 144%|I44 144% 144%
1.400|L-iternatr Paper.. 18% 18% 18% 18%
1.100 Do pfd 77% 77 77%i 78
1,900 Internatl Power. 70% 68% 64%j 65%
OOO! Intcmatl Pump.. 27% 37 37 . ! SS
SOOi Do pfd 81% 81% 81 62.
7,7OO;Iowa Central ... 29Vi 26- ,28%! 28%
4.500] Dopfd- |40% 47 49 149%
: (Kanawha &M.. ........:. 85%,* 37
1,400'K CFt S & Mpf 79% 79 79%! 79%
900'K C Southern...! 27 2«% 27 27%
900! Do pfd j 60' 49% 49 I 50
l,300<Keokttk tk Des Ml 17% 15% 17 j 17%
. ..ILadede Cas pfd.[.... j 81 86
3r<OL«ke'E £z W. | 34%! 35 >
coft! Do v'S ....... rrrs 100 1103 ioe
lOftlLong Island ...I 56%l 56%| 59 CO
14,2C0:Loui!> & Nagh...!n6%!l35%!lX'.% 138
SCOManhatUn : I158%|U8 I15S 15S%
'. IMar.hatt«n Beach!.: ...( I - 914 «
4.10^IM«.troroUtan Sec? 155 84% 84' 8««
10.40fiMet 6t Ry. ..;.. 123% 122 (122%!l22%
tl.«>X>' Mexican -Central. 17% 16%| 16%I 16%
GOO'Mimr- i- St L...I 60% C9 | 50 61
I Do 1st pfd.... I .;:.. 83 98
OM'M. St P A S 8 M 83%t 8S S3 - 83%
l.CCO! Do pfd 134%|134 (134% 135
4..VX)lMo. Kan ArTex.l 2t)%| 2«% B8«4 29%
Do pM. I B8 1 07- I 57««i 67%
F9, 000 Missouri Pacific. 1105% 103%!lft4%|lC5
........iNasH. C & Ft L. .....|..-...|1S5 |l3«
r 7.C00:NatlcnaI Lead...! 24%! 23%I 24%| 24%
300! Dopfd... 97%! 97 97 | 97%
!Nti R R of Mex 1 19%| 2014
300! Do pf«.. ¦•!..%;. I 42*4 41% 42' I 42%
10O!NaUcnal Blscult.1. | 49 | 49%
200!; Do pfd.v....... 109% 109%llC9%ill0%
100!New Jfrney Cen.l. I.....I1S8- 18S%
2f#!N V- Air. Brake. - 13.SS4ll38%il37- 138
"JCOlNeur York Cen. .I135%(134% 134% 135
SCOiN Y. C & Pt L. I 34% {84% 35 I 35%
-Do 1st; pfd.\.. ; '..... 110 |UC
:t. Do 2d r>fJ.....|.... fi» J.72 '
......: (New -York Dock! 14: 17
ion'S Y. N,H ft K..il!W% 193%!193% 194";
I4.0noiN Y. Ont A W.j S0%| .15% gg . 3^14
13, 40f>! Norfolk & West.! 73%! 72% 72% 7.1
100| Do pfd •?.'.•.-..:. I- S3 ¦ 63 03 95 .
l,2001Ncrxh American.! 98 ..... 07 97U
5.OOO!Northera Sees... 1114% 113% 113% 114
........lOmahs\".:..*.U. .I.:;-...".... 140 150'
...I - DJ pfd". .V.. ..t:.;......; 1«5 190'
:\O f- L 4«.V...'...{:i... ..."..I ©9, 99%
OOCFPadflo-* Coast.*... 470%I 70\}l fl9% 70%
....'...I Do 1st pfd. »...?.... .j....;j 05 i. 105
• 2«0{ D* 2d pfd. V. . . 7S -j 78 - j 77U 7S%
- LSWiPadSc Mall .T8 anil 87?4 3S'
C4.700!Penn R n Co.:.' l.V>'4!ia5Ti(l3rt:mi3rt% 1
5.S00iPeop!e's Gas... .. r07i4!lOC«J10fi^;i:OfiTi
.;.t:.^fp, c, c & st l; .'..It. .-.-... t 74 1 7«*
¦2m. Do pfd......:. 105 ' 103%U02' IliToVi
B.MOiPreesed Steel Carl 4JTS -41%|'41Kl 42
l,4C0i Do pfd., S3 ! Sl?i| 82*4 S3
IPuiJman Car Co. '.. ..!].... .|22S 230
TOOifty Kte«l siprlcgn 2»IVi 2UJ41 8M4 20%
200 Do rfd -. . m\Z 80 lit S3 % 86%
122.8' *>; Read ins 74« 73% 74»A 74%
l.DlH-'i Do lrt !>fd S7":i| 57\il 87»,i S7%
1.100! Do 2d pM . 81, M> SOVs 81
1.7C0iRspublie S & I. 32H 12'Aj UKJ 12H <
3.100! Do pfd.: r>»-;| ss'4 53'i! 51
2,400 Rubber Goods.... 2SU; 22 > 23>i 23%
4001 Da pfd Boii S5% 85-fSG
7CO|SlOK3 o S & I Co WVi 45% 40 | 48%
Do pfd 91 ( 97
'.St J & O 1 15^i IT
I Do 1st pfd..1. 52 54
I Do Sd pU .....| 26%1 2714
1C5 StL&SF 1st pfd. 72 72 72 74
2,£O«J| Do 2d pfd 63% 62% «2% 03
SdOISt L & S W 22% 22% 22% 22%
1.500 Do pfd ... 50 49'i 49U 49%
S3.S0OjSouth.Pac «52% 61% 62V* 62»» |
l.tiOCi Do pfd 11B% 115% lit}' 118H
10.000; Southern Ry .... 34% 34li, 34% ,34%
1.S0O Do pfd 35% 04% 04% 95
IStandard Oil, S43 645
ICOStar.dard R & T l"i 1% IV» 2 i
4,7a'!Tenn Ccal & Iron 57% Se^i 56% 57 I
."CC,Tex Pac T T Co. 33 33 30 33% i
11.100|Texas Pacific ... 35% 34% 34% 34%
(Third Avenue 12SU 129% ,
COOlTol Ry & T^Co. 24% 24 24^ 25
400'Tol Bt L 4 W.. 31% 31',4 31 ',' 32
4C0 Do pfd ,. 50% 60% 50% 50%
1,000 Twin City R T.. 103?-« 103% 103% 103%
Union B & P.. 6% - 6%
Do pfd 63 67%
90.700 Union Pacific ... 107?; IO6V3 107% 107^ .
100 Do pfd ..." 95' 95 - 95 95V*
Do con 4s 1O9V4 110
United Copper 5 i 7
30Q*U R of S F 11% 14% 14% 15
500 Do prd 5a 50 59 I 59>4
Do 4s 83% 83^
U S C I Pipe 13 13*4
2.000 Do pfd 6554 64% «4% 65
lOOiU S Express 11S% 119"* 117 120
S.6C0U S Leather 13'i 11 13H 13%
4.4C0) Do pfd 9H4 89% 91 91 H
2.30O|U S Rubber 2S^, 2S 2S>4 2S*i
400; Do pfd &4>4 S3H S3^ 84^4
eO.SOO'U S Steel Cor... 22^i 21% 22 22H
124,3C0| Do prd S3«Hj 82% b2Vt 82%
500iVa-Car Chem Co 35% 35^ 35V4 35%
2.0001 Do pfd 109 108^ 108'4 10S?i
2.7C0'Wabash ........ 22 2134 21% 22
S.COOj Do pfd 44»i 43% 43% 44^,
I Do Deb Bs 67% CS
IWells-FarRO Ex. .......... 240 247
1.40O! Western Union.. 93 92% 02"-£ 92%
5.S00 Westlnghouse ... 176 169 170% 171
Do 1st pfd 105 200
1 1C01W & L E 19 18^4 18«4 19
eOO Do 1st pfd 47 46% 46 46»4
1.2C0 Do 2d pfd 28% 28% 27% 2T%
900 WIs Central ,«.. 22% 22 22 22%
2,10O| Do pfd ...'... 46 I 45% 45%K 46
1.515.000 Total Shares Sold "
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2b re*.. 104%! l & N unified 4s;iO2^
Do coupon..... 104% Man con gold 4s. 105%
Do 3s reg lC4%;Mex Central 4s... 74
Do coupon 105 V, Ho 1st inc 21%
Do new 4s reg.lSOSi t Minn &.St L 4s.. O4'i
Do coupon 131^».i M. K & Texas 4S.102U
Do old 4s reg.lO«% Do 2da 88%
Do coupon 106% NR of Mex con 4s 78%
Atch gen 4s 1C2% N T C gen 3%S..100U
Do adj 4s 9t5% N J C gen 5s 134%
Atlantic C L 4s. 98% Nor Pacific 4s.... 104%
Bait & Ohio 4e..lO3% Do 3s ..... 74%
Do 3%s ..:.... 05% Nor & "W con 4s.lCO%
Central of Ga 5s.ll3% OSL 4s & partlc. 9SS
Do 1st Inc SSUlPa conv 3V-« 102%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l06 | Reading gen 4s... 101%
Chi & Alton 3V-S- Sl^i S L & I M con 5s.ll5
C. B & Q new 4s. 98%! S L & S F fg 4s. S6%
CM & SP gn 4s.lCS%!St I^ouls SW lsts. Sfl%
C & NW con 7s.l2S%| Seaboard A L 4s. 81
C. R I & Pao 4s. 77% So Pacific 4s 94%
Do col 5s 86% So Railway 5s 11«%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01% Tex & Pac lsts.. 120%
Chi Term 4s..... 78 Tol. St L & W 4s. 8t -
Cons Tobacco 4s. 75 Union Pacific 4s.lC5
Colo & So 4s 83 Do conv 4s .....IC9%
C F & I con 5s. 81% O S Steel 2d 5s.. SS .
Den & Rio G 4s.l00% Wabash lsts .119
Erie prior lien 4s.l00 I Do deb B ...:. 67%
Do gen 4s S8%! W R- L Erie 4s... 91
F W & D C lsts.110%! WI« Central 4s... 92
Hock Val 4%s...lO6%!
New York Jfininff Stocks.
Adams Con 20; Little Chief 05
Alice S5! Ontario 3 50
Breece 181 Ophir 2 10
Bruns Con 0a: Phoenix '20
Com .Tunnel 10: Potosl 13
Con Cal 4 Va... 1 60 Savage 27
Horn Sil\-er 1 50' Sierra Nevada.... 25
Iron Silver 1 90 Small Hopes ..... 30
Lcadville Con.... 02! Standard 1 65
i}:}~. • Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — . I U S Steel.. ...."... 22
Call loans 2Vl©3i Do pfd ........ 62%
Time loans 4 ©5[\Vest!n(? Common. S5
Bonds — I Mining — ?« -
Atchlson 4s 101% I Adventure ....... 3%
Do adj 4s 9«%!Allouea 12%
Mex Central 4s. . . 71 I Acsal Copper .... 65
Railroads— I Amer Zinc 13U
Atchison 85% Atlantic 14
Do pfd ._ 101 Blngham 30%
Boston & AIbany.249 Calumet & Hecla.56O>
Boston & Malne.164 Centennial ., 26%
Boston Elev 153 Copper Range ... 61»i'
Fltchburg pfd 136% Daly West 13%
Mex Central 16% Dom Coal* 55
NT. N H & H..195% Franklin 8%
Pere Marquette... 76 Grancy 3%
Union Pacific 107 Isle Royale ....... 21%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 5'
Amer Arge Chem. 19% I Michigan 714
Do pfd 81. (Mohawk 50%
Amer Pneu Tube. 5 | Mont Coal & Coke 5%
Amer Sugar ....137%! Old Dominion ... 20%
Do pfd 134 lOsceola 88%
Amer Tel & Tel. 141% I Parrot 25U
Amer Woolen ... I?H!Qulncy ' oii!
Do pfd R3%fFhannon '.'.'.'. 5%
Dom Iron & S... 14%;Tamarack 119
Ed EI*ct Ilium.. 250 1 Trinity ... 9"
Maw Electric... 14 \XJ 8 Minlne. . 54T4
Do pfd 54%IU g OH ........" 11 14
Mass Gas 24%IUtah * A3
United Fruit ....105 [Victoria ...;.. "' «v
TJn Shoe Macb... 63%l Winona -..;.. " '«*
Do pfd 81%! Wolverine .'I! 95%
• London Closing Stocks.
Cons money ..8S3-16iN T Central.. 138%
Do acct ...... SSVilNor & Western.." 75%
Anaconda 5%( Do pfd 94
Atchlson €5%!0nt i Western!.'." 37%
I>o Pfd 104 I Pennsylvania 70
5 alt * Oh }° »'%! Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific . . . ..130% R^adin* 8 «
Ches & Ohio 46* Do 1st pfd 45
Chi Great West. .108%! Do 2<! pfd 41
Chi. Mil & St P.173%!so Railway":!:: 35%
De Beers 18%! Do pfd ...... »7«
Den & Rio O.... 30 I So Pacific .. " 64
_P° P" R4U1 Union Paclffo ."'.HO
El^e 35%! Do pfd 97%
Do 1st pfd...:. 72 U S Steel.... 22%
Do2dpfd 50 Do pfd S3%
111 Central 149% Wabash ... 23
Louts & Nash... .139% Do pfd "" 4514
M, K & Texas... 30*1 Spanish 4s ...:::: ST
Bar silver— Firm 28%d per ounce "
Money — iei% p^r cent.
The rate of dlsiount in tl?e cr»n rnarktt f.^r
short bills i»2% per certt • and for thr4l'
months bills 2 9-l»g2 11 -13, per cent.
; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 5O per cent oft
: and Stags. 40 per cent oft from above quora*
t tlons. r » - •»
{ General Merchandise. .
{ I9VGS — Grain Cagii. ?5^5 25; S%n Quentla.
j |4 5O; Wool Ba*s. ."Ui®S2c; Fleece Twine. 7Vi«:
. Fruit Fjw. 6%©7%c for white and 7c for
brown Jute.
CANNED FRUIT— Following are price* for
the 1904 pack: - - ¦¦
*" "BZ. ¦•>- *>
• — -i 3 S
? ;» §• s
FRUITS. 3 =¦ ? ?
3 * • :
Apples $1 55$1 30ISI 20 $1 19
Apricots 1 25i 1 131 1 G*
Blackberries 1 t»V l ::; : 1 iV 1 1J
Cherries Royal Acne... 2 lfti 1 SOi 1 63i.....
Do "White 2 00: 1 65! j
Do. Black 1 SOi 1 631 1 50f..;..
Grapes. Muscat 1 25! 1 101 1 OOj 90
Nectarines 1 501 1 231 1 15( 1 05
Peaches. Yellow 1 73 1 35 1 '.'5 1 15
Pears. Bartlett 1 80» 1 60 1 501 1 30
[ Plums. Green Gage 1 S3! I 10 1 (V* - 9'»
Do. Damson 140*115 1 OS 1 CO
! Raspberries 2 5dl 2 25 2 DO! 1 9O.
t Strawberries 2 00; 1 75i 1 tO| 1 4O
i ¦
I CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoe«. 2%-tb
I standards,. 65370c; gallon standards. $2; 3-lb
! solid pack. &7%&90c; Green Peas — Baby petits
pois. SI 50; petit* poid SI 35; extra sifted.
SI 15; standard sifted. $1; standards. «5O90c:
Marrowfats. ?3©»7%c f. o. b. San Francisco.
COAL — Wellington. S« per ton; New Wet
lington. SS; Seattle. tH 50; Bryant S« 5O;
I Beaver Hill. $5 50: Roslyn. S7; ' Coos Bay.
< $5 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. SIS la
i bulk and $14 23 in sacks: Pennsylvania An-
I thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
j Welsh -Lump. $11 50; Cannel. %9 per ton; Coke
! Sll &O@13 per ton in bulk and $13 In sacks:
t Rocky Mountain descriptions. SS 50 per short
ton.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb,
4%c; cases, regular. S3 S3: cases, extra large.
e%c; Eastern style. 6%c; bonelesa. 6%e;
"Norway." 8%c; "Narrow Gauge." 6%c; "Sil
ver King." 7%c; blocks, "Oriental/* *%c;
blocks. "Seabright." 7c; tablets 7%c; mid
dles. 7@9%c; fancy boneless. :n 4 f0* 4 c- pickled
Cod. bbls. SS; pickled Cod. half bb!«. %t 75.
CORDAGE— The local company quotes as
follows. 60 day* or % per cent discount for
cash no aalea under 10.000 lbs: Manila 14%c;
Sisal', 10%c; Duplex. &%c: Bale Rope' llVt£»
ll%c per lb.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— Xominal; 14i913li(»
for strictly prime to fancy washed: 12%Gl3%o
for prime washed: 11%£12%c for good washed:
ll%€13c for goe* to prime waxhed peaberry;
lOgllc for good to prime peaberry; ll@12%a
for good to prime; 94}10%c tar fair; 7%QS%«
for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 13614c for fancy washed, nominal ;
12®12\e for stnetly prime washed, nominal;
10%f?ll%c for good to prime washed, nominal;
9{?10c for fair washed: »\^ll%c for fair to
prime washed peaberry: &» 4 310%c for »ood to
prime semi-washed; 0%^ 10c for superior on
washed: 9%c for good gre«n unwaahed: 9<?9%o
for good to superior unwashed peaberry; i\<J
7%e for Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — Nominal: U%{?13Uc foj. prUn*
to fancy washed: 0%810%c for fair to strictly
j good washed: "'jii- -,c for good to superior
j unwashed: 'J'jO'zc for good to prime unwashed
1 peabfrry.
{ Guatemala and Mexican — !3%Til3c for fa .icy
wubed, nominal: ll\'»l.'5«- t c for prime to
strictly prime washed, nominal: 10%©ll%o
frr strictly good washed; 10%«10%« for good
washed; SfilOc for fair washed; R||S*ie for
medium: 5*i©"%ic for Inferior to ordinary;
10V4QllUc for good to prime washed peaberry;
! 9@0%c for good to prim* unwashed peaberry;
' %t-ei 10c for good to superior unwashed.
I LEATHER— Sole. heavy. 20©Slc: extra
' heary, 31933c per lb: medium 259
'. 29c; light, 22©27c: Rough Leather. 2+d
j 26c; Harness Leather, heavy. 33g39o for
I No 1 and 30©33c for No. 2; medium 36$37c;
i light. 23©35c. skirting. No. 1. 4C»42c; No. 2.
I 3C^i«c: Collar Leather. 15<Q16c per foot: Trae»
< Leather. 40944c: Kip. cnflnisTted. 40Q50e p»r
1 lb: Veal finished 5O4|6Oe per lb; Calf, finished.
eScg$l per lb: W« »ides. 16«17c per footj
1 Belt Knife Splits. Mf?ltSc; Rough Splits. St>10o
• per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $25@23 per ton; stick.
j $16 5O9?1S per cord.
• OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for casw
: add 5e; Linseed. 53c per gallon for boiled and
' 51c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases No. 1. 70c:
; Bakers* AA. cases. SI 10^1 12; Lucol. 50c for
t boiled and -tSc for raw; China Nut. casern,
{ 65<?SOe per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. In barrel9.
• SSc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian: ex'rx
': bleached winter Sperm Oil. 63c: natural winter
Sperm OIL 63c; extra bleached winter Wh.il*
Oil. 57e; natural Whale OH 62e: extra winter
ttralaed Lard Oil. 73c; No. 1 Lard Oil. C3o;
; pur* Neaufoot Oil. 73c; Xa 1 Neatsfo«n Otl.
, «3c: tight Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fisft Oil. 37c: raw-
Fish Oil 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c
COAL OIL— Water Whit* Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19%c: Astral. 19%e;
Star. 19%c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 2«c; Eo
! cene. 23c; Deodorised Stove Gaaolln?. In talk.
16c: In cases. 22%c; Benzine, In bulk. 13c: in
cases. 19%c-; Stt-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 25c;
In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81o per gallon in cases and
TSc In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7^0
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%Q7%c. according
to quantity.
j QUICKSILVER— S41842 for local use an*
I $«SU 50 per cask for export.
! SALT— Bales. 00c far common and $1 ' tar
granulated: Dairy, $5 50 per ton; Granulated,
$6 50; Hair Ground. 100- Id bags " S3 23; do.
SO-lb bags. $3 75: Rock Salt. $2 7363 In ICO
and $3 25 In 50 lb bags; Genuine Liverpool.
Sll 50. S12 50 and $13 50 per ton In package*
of 224 110 and 50 lbs, respectively.
SUGAR— Th-s "Western Sugar Refining- Com
pany quotes aa follows, per lb, In 10O-lb ba*a:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. S.ZSo;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 9.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, ccarse,
<Jc; Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
a0O-lb bags only). 5.80c: Confectioners' A. 8e;
• Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c; Goidea C.
5.40c: "D." 5.30c; barrets, 10c more; half
: barrels. 25c more; boxes. 5Oc more; 5O-lb ban.
'< 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
8.50c; boxes, 8.75c; H. & E. Crystal Domino*.
9c per lb. N*o orders taken for leas toaa
seventy-five barrels or lu equivalent,'
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary sizes. S13919-'ex
tra sizes higher: Redwood. *i»g23: Lath. 4
feet. S3 75#4; Pickets. S17825: Shingle*. S3
for No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. *ll tot
split and $13 tor sawn: Rnatlc. $33©38l ¦-
CHICAGO, Oct. 18.— The strength of the
wheat market developed after a weak open-
Ing. Under the influence of heavy-Northwest
ern receipts and lower prices at Liverpool in
itial quotations showed a considerable de
cline, December being down %c to %c ' at
*1 11^©1 ll«i- May was off %@%c to
at SI 10HS1 10?*. The obstacles to the up
ward progress of values, however, were soon
overcome,, and upon an analysis of the depress
ing factors the bearish significance was - of
small account. In the first place, many trad
ers seemed to believe that . the ..market at
present is governed l^fgely by the existing
domestic situation, the action of foreign grain
centers having apparently little effect. \Th«
Increased rates In the Northwest did not appear
extremely bearish when it was seen In the
Duluth arrivals there were ninety-seven cars
from Oregon, which made the actual North
western spring wheat receipts at that point
smaller than those of .the preceding year.
From the tap of the gong until the last min
ute of trading there was an exceptional de
mand for December delivery. Elements " that
«ntered decisively into the situation later In
the day were the strength of cash wheat in
all markets and reports - of damage by Hes
sian fly to winter wheat In Missouri. The
high point for the day on December waa
reached at $1 14% and. on May at $1 12%.
The close was to 2c higher. December at
SI 14&<gl 14% and May at $1 12%@ri2%.
After a weak opening, resulting from easier
cables, the corn market rallied on predictions
of wet weather for to-morrow and on the
sharp return In wheat. December opened
H&Vic to %©Hc lower at 47%c ta 47T»c, sold
between 47&«MS%c and. closed at 48%c. . .•
The oats market was influenced almost ex
clusively by. the action "of other grains.- De
cember opened **@V t c to U6%c. lower at
27%@28c. sold up to 2S%®28%c and closed at
2siic ;¦-.. . . ¦ ¦
Provisions - were strong. At .the close JTan
uary pork was up 15c at $12 25. Lard and
ribs were each 10c higher at $6 97V&6C 42#.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2 — , .
October 1 13t$
December 1 H?4 1 14% 1 111* 1 14%
May : 1 10% 1 12% 1-10% 1 12%
July 97%. ©8%-.- m% 08
Corn. No. 2 —
October •••• ...... 51i£
December'..... *'% ' 48% . 47% 48%*
May 44-j" 45U 44% 45%
Oats. "No. 2 — -------
October -• ..;... ;..... 28%
December 2S ; , 2S% 27T4- 28%
May 30% S0} 8 30% 30%
. Mess Pork, per bbl —
October •• 10 65
December 10 P2% 10 97% 10 92% 10 97%
January 12 12% 12 32% 12 12% 12 25
May 12 05 | 12 27% 12 05 12 20
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October 7 17% 7 17% 7 17% 7 17%
December -...;.".'.-.; ;¦ •• '. T 12%
January ,.'7,-12% 7 20 .712% 7 17%
May ...7 20 7 27^7 15 7 25
Short. Rlbv'per. ICO lbs— - .
October-"."...... ."...:. ~. .'..'.: ..."... 745
January ....... t a&~.&.*5 — i 835. ..6 42%
May 6 45 6 52% tf 45 6 50
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
GRAPES— Table . varieties "/ , 50Q73e' for
crates. 20$35c for small, boxes and 75c€$l 50
for open boxes; Wine Grapes, $16620 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, . $2 50@3 50 per
box for Valenclas; Lemons.- (2 Mf 3 for
fancy. $1 75 S 2 25 for choiee and $1 25$ 1 50
for' standards; Grape Fruit. S2 50@3; Mexi
can Llmea, $472* 50, per case; 'Bananas $'^tj.l
per bunch for Central American and ZZc'S $2
for Hawaiian;- Pineapples, 11 50© 2 5© per
doxen. ¦ : -~ * ... -- ...
Nearly all kinds of fresh fruits were in good
request for local use and, as receipts were
light and trashy, offerings ' of moat descrip
tions were well cleaned up. The market had a
steady . tone. . Apples -were the most active
article, a steady movement being' noted in all
grades. Another car of Hood River fruit was
marketed, making the second for. the week,
and cleaned up well at 90c@$l 10 per box as
to variety and quality. Peaches, j Plums and
Pears continued to meet- with ready sale at
good prices, while Pomegranates and Quinces
were inclined to easiness. Table Grape* were
steady under less liberal offerings of trashy
stock. Prices for general offerings of 'crated
stock ranged from 50c to C5c.~ but 75c was
easily obtained for selected lots of some va
rieties. Mutcats in large boxes were firm at
$1 23-S1 50. while $1 25 was an extreme price
for other kinds. Melons were dull at previous
prices and | Berries showed but slight change.
Cranberries were quiet and ordinary ,offertngs
of the Cape : Cod article were selling at a
lower figure. . Citrus and Tropical fruiu were
rather dull. Grape fruit was quoted lowei
and Pineapples were selling at easier prices.
STRAWBERRIES— $8@10 per* chest for
Longworths. SI S0<@3 for Malindas and $436
for Cheneys." |. ~
RASPBERRIES— S3e6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— $2^2 23 per box for Coos
Bay and $7 50©8 for Cap* Cod.
APPLES— $1 10@l 25 for fancy, 65cf $1 for
choice and 40@75c for common.
PEARS— Bartletts. $1 50@2 per box. In
cluding cold storage; Winter Nellis, S191 23;
other winter varieties. 40@50c.
PEACHES — 65«90c per box. ' -•
PLUMS — l0@35c per box or crate.
PERSIMMONS— 50c@$I pe r box.
POMEGRANATES — 40<f&0o for^ imall and
$1@1 75 for large boxes. ¦ ¦'
QUINCES— 25© 40c per box. ¦
FIGS— <S5c@$l per box.' ¦ - '"¦
MELONS — Cantaloupes, • nominal: -Nutmeg
Melons. 20@50c ¦ per box; , Watermelons. . $l'a
per dozen. ' • • • v .
Deciduous and .Citrus Fruits.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver was J .ic higher. .
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — *4 S4
Sterling Exchange, sight .".'.¦ — 4 8^U ;
Sterling Exchange, ' cables — * fj™
New Tork Exchange, sight — . O««
New York -Exchange, telegraphic — i°
.Silver, per ounce . — r 3Sla
Mexican Dollars ..... r. .." — «
INTERNATIONAL. . -
New York on Paris.... ". 5.1SU
New York on Mexico 21»iVi ;
Paris on London HxJJ?? I
Berlin on London" ..20.*oVi ;
Wheat and Other Grains. :
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot business Is light i
at about 22s 6d for Barley and 21s 3dS—a
for Wheat, usual European options. The
chartered Wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonnage of 34.950 againat 36.300 tons on the
same date last year; disengaged. 93,825 tons, ;
against 11S.250; on the way to this port, 1S8,- ;
600 tons, against 24<J,6OO. - |
WHEAT— Liverpool and Parts future* were
both lower. Chicago was 2%c higher on the
day. ¦ •--¦."""¦-¦¦•.,-.¦-.
In this market the cash grain was quiet
and unchanged, with buyers still holding off.
Futures, though firm in the morning, did not
fully follow . the Chicago advance, and sales
were not heavy. They were .lower In . the
afternoon. ¦ '
Broomhall cabled: "Liverpool depressed by
offerings of new crop of Argentine Wheat for
future shipment of course."
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 45«1 52%; California
White- Australian, $1 55@1 62%; Northern
Club $1 45Q1 52 *A; Northern Bluestem. ?1 «0
@1 62^4 per ctL' -
_ FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30. a. nx.
Open. High. Low. \ Close-
December ...$1 49VJ $1 49% $1 49>4 $1 49%
May :....... rSOTi"- 131 160% 151
-. ..2. p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. ' Close.
December ...*1 49^ ?1 4»U $1 49^4 $1 4»Vi.
May ....::.. 1 51% 1 51% 1 51 1 51
BARLEY— The situation in this market re
mains about as before. Choice dry bright
Feed is very steady and brings $1 12H. but
the market is kept more or less ' handicapped
by continued receipts of damp grain, which
goes at the lower range in quotations. Futures
yesterday were rather weak than otherwise.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 O7W©1 12%; new Brewing -and
Shipping. $1 15@1 17»4; Chevalier, $1 17 Va«*
. " , FUTURES.
Session » to 11:30 a. m.
-'¦*-«>¦ Open. High. Low. Cloce.
May 1 08% 109 - 1 08*4 109
December ...$109 U H 09U $1 0»fc, $1 C»ii
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 00 "4 bid.
May— ?1 09 bid. ¦ . . ; .
OATS— The country outside -the Pacific
Coast is w«U supplied with Oats. Indeed, as
one dispatch from Chicago yesterday said:
"The . East " is overloaded with Oats. ¦'** Even
Wall street men with automobiles have a sup
ply of them."
In this market there are plenty of Red
offering, but a very good demand for seed and
the usual jobbing demand for feed and mill
ing keep the market steady. White are litgh
In price offering lightly and very firmly held.
Black are moving off well for seed. Gray are
nominal with none of any consequence here.
White, SI 40@l'56%; Surprise. .SI 50*91 «0:
Red for feed, $1 32%©1 45 for No. 1 and
$1 22V4©1 80 for No. 2; extra fine for eeed,
$1 42V/cl E0; Black. |1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 50@l TO for seed.
„ CORN — Receipts of State Com are slender
and were it not for the continued imports from
the West there would be a famine. The little
small round yellow on the market is very*
firmly held 'at the high prices. All quotations
remain unchanged. .
Western sacked. $1 40@l 45 for Yellow, $1 43
for White and $1 40@l 42^ for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow. $1 40@l 45; small round
do. SI 55@1 62>i: White, nominal: Egyptian.
$1 " 3ofil 43 for White and SI 25@1 30 for
Brown.
RYE — Although the demand Is. light offer-'
ings are likewise. - and the market Is slightly
higher and firm at $1 87^@1 42V4 per-ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctt.
NEW" TOUK, O=t. 18.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications received" by Brad
street's enow the following changes In avail-:
able supplies as compared with last account: i
Wheat— United States and Canada, - east of
the Rockies, increased 6.157,000 bushels;
afloat ,for and in Europe, increased 1.300, 000
buchels: total supply - of wheat, increased
7.4&7.OOO bushels. ¦• •: • ; .
- Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 1,S37.000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased S55, 000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EGGS — Ranch. C0Q4Cc for large whit* se
lected, 37©3Sc for good to choice and 34@3tJc
for. common; cold storage, 27H63we; store,
nominal; Eastern. 23«2Sc for - ehoic*. CSuJiSc
for standards and 21#22c for seconds.
Eggs are steady and unchanged.; --Stocks of
ranch are moderate, but sufficient for the de
mand. Eastern and cold storage still monop
olize the bulk of the movement. ¦ -
Receipts were 23,200 lbs Butter. 56S cases
Eggs and 19.000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 30831c
for "extras and 23#2Sc for lower- to medium
grades; dairy. 2162-to: cold storage. 24c; store
Butter. 17@20c; Eastern creamery 21%S23c;
Eastern ladle-packed, 16$17c per U>. - - -
CHEESE— llut/12Hc for choice mild new
and 9-QlOc for old; cold storage. lOH^Hc;
Young Americas. llH@12c; Eastern, 10913c
P?r lb. urn ii lit i nflpmTTM" I'Mliil
Butter is showing weaker symptoms. No
house on - the street now reports a .flrta mar
ket and mest of them are ,weak. . • Some cut
ting of quotations- to effect sales U reported
and - the feeling Is . easy all along the line.
Had the . expected supplies from . Humboldt
come in together as expected, lower prices
would probably now be ruling, and as it is
31c ts now an extreme figure,^ with - a good
chance of its bein? . dropped altogether. The
market is distinctly top-heavy. "" -. *T
Cheese is . also being let go under top
quotations by come bouses.; though there is
no actual decline. Stocks are still modsrate.
Butter, Cheese and E^gs.
4$?4 &c: prime. 4?ifi5c; choice, ' 5U£"0c, and
fancy r.t*(K&&7c~ ¦•''¦'-\. - /_»•=
PRUNES->-Are without* new featured;
mand is moderate" and. prices -on the "recent
basis. They range from 2c to' 5 \~c, accord-
Ing to srrade. ."V. '¦¦ " '.. ¦ ¦
APRICOTS— Remain unchanged. Choice arc
held at fl Vic:' extra choice. MHiSlGVic, and
fancy at' 11613c. . . *--
PEACHES— Are In fair inquiry.' with bus
iness limited by small "offerings. Choice," S%@
S!£e; extra choice,. 0*s@10c .
New York Metal Market. - / ,
NEW YORK, Oct.' IS.— The London tin
market was a little lower, with spot thsre
closing at £132 and futures at £130 15s. Lo
cally the- market seemed a little easier In
consequence and the demand was. quiet, with
spot at S2tt 75ig26 S3. .." '
Copper was also lower in London, closing
at £60 5s for spot and at £6O 8s 9d for fu
tures. Locally the- market continues firm,
with lake held at" $13 12Vj@13 37^: • electro
lytic, $13 30@i3 35; casting. $12 67V<@13. v -
Lead was unchanged at £12 3s 9d In London
and at $4 20@4 30 in the local market.
• Spelter was higher at £23 2s 6d in London
and remained steady here at $5 2<Va5 25. .. •
Iron closed at COs 6d - in • Glasgow and . at
43s 0d in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was steady
at the recent advance. No. 1 1 foundry North
ern Is quoted at $14 50@15; No. 2 foundry
Northern, No. 1 foundry Southern and -No. -'i
foundry Southern soft at . $14@14 50..
for Eastern markets— Walla Walla. 83c; blue
stem, 80c. ¦¦¦,,-¦*:¦¦! . -.—¦ , '¦"::•: ,-i^v:
.. ,>-.?* ••• WASHINGTON.
TACO1LV, Oct. IS.— Wheat, higher; , blue
stem. SOc; club. Sr«. .~ -_ "/ ; I
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Oct. 18.— Clearings, $910,600;
VaCOMA? 'Octl lS.-^earfngs. §456,962;
balances. $40,317, v . " I™ I.,
PORTLAND .Oct. 18. — Clearings. $S21.617:
balances. $130,861. ,. ' '. ..»~w,
SPOKANE. ; Oct. IS.— Clearings, $442,923;
balances, SC3,179. -
doz*n for old and $4 5Og8 for young; Hans.
$t COg 5 for small and $.V50*ji» far large: young
Boosters" $5 30tft0; old Rooaters, *4 3u®S;"Fry
ers, (4 50@5; Broilers. .<¦«?*: Pigeons. $1 23
per dozen for old and $2tl" ","> for Squab?.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. -$5@7 per desert;
Canvaiback. $eg9: Teal 52 50@3: Sprig. *-1i»>
3 50; Widgeon.. ?2 50fc3: small Ducks. $1 TS
62; Gray Geese. $5; White Geese. $1 5".sg-\
Honkers $3116; SnJpo.- $3 for English and
$1 SO for cbmmon: Doves. Jlfil 23; Hare.
Jl 75: Rabbits {2 for Cottontail and $1 oO far
Brush.- ••" . ... -. • ¦ ".':
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 19, 1004.
Continued oa Pase Fourteen.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
r^> SPECIAL AUCTION SALE -^
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 19. at 11 A. M. *
Arcade Zone aiarket, 327 Sixth StrerS.
I will sell or.e carload ct jrood yomu? drJvlnjj
noraos. con3ii;ce<1 to me by Mr. Jones at Gray.
son (sired by the hcrse RteburJ Elector.
lfce*e horses arc all well breken. single and
i dcmble. Must be sctd ta settle an estate. I
j will also »e!l a let of good draft homes and
. brood mar**, bucties. wapor.a and harness.
J JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.. Nebr.^Oct. 18.— The an
nual, meet of : thei Friend Coursing
Clubi ..which was scheduled ; to "begin
to-day, jWeht ; over ; until i to-morrow - ori
account Cof ' fain."' . :Ar. large • number ; of
grey hounds • from 5 all over 'the; country
are v. In. the Mississippi 'Valley
a : purse of /S3500 there
are"; 118 entries: V The majority of these
hounds , come; frofn'j Illinois, ;- Missouri,"*
Colorado; \ California; Kansas and * Ne
ibrMka;^ Several jfasr dogs are^entered
however,' New >York
arid j; Cincinnati £ having 7. : a v number 1 n
ithej stake; ¦; The ¦ all -age^ arid -Waterloo'
jcup^stakes i are? also "* features-* of the
meet!*/;'-- i V"'*-"T' ; ' 1 "".'' ,v' '-'¦'':':''' '
Rain Prevents: Coursing:.
. DIES IN CELL. — O. Abrahamson. a sailor,
was found dead in his cell at the Harbor sta
tion last night. He waa arrested in a doorway
on East street a few hours before. .....
Burnett** Extract 'of Vanilla— Used
exclusively by all leading hotel* and clubs. . •
' PEDDLER IN TROUBLE.— Michael, J.
O"Rourk» . was arrested yesterday, and charged
with swindlln* Mission women on a . h«Jr dye
scheme: He would ' sell ' them a bottle of hair
dye and: promise to send a hairdresser .'around,'
but the latter never appeared. . ¦ • '¦ .. -
THHETE DEATHS FROM ALCOHOLISM.
Thre« deaths occurred in th» Xmargency Hos
pltal yesterday * resultlnc from alcoholism:
Fred Simon of 1169 Mission street. Aante
"Doe" of 738 Pacific street and Mxmis
Donelly. alias Mason.
Da Silva and Lee .Toy voluntarily
surrendered themselves to the United
States Marshal yesterday morning and
were taken into - the" United States
District Court, where Thomas C West
made a' plea for the reduction -of -bail
on the second Indictment. Judge de
Haven, having consolidated both in
dictments for the purpose of trial, re
duced bail on the second indictment
to $3000 each-. Immediately after the
adjournment of } the court • Lee Toy
was released on ¦ bonds by the- same
surety company that r had furnished
bonds for the prisoners j on the pre
vious indictment. But Da Silva was
left cooling his heels in the prisoners',
room of the Marshal's office until after
4 p. m. 'He said;that Mr. West would
return with his bonds shortly.
DA StLVA AND LEE
TOY APPEAR IN COURT
- Expel harmlessly, through the natural
channels, all Impurities from the system
(or circulation) with Lash's Bitters. •
The trial of the suit of Albert Mack
to recover $25& from Henry H. Mc-
Plke was begun yesterday in Justice
1 of the Peace Van ' Nostrand's court.
Mack is the assignee of W. S. Leake,
who indorsed a note for Matt Storn.
the. horseman, ; for $500, Jointly with
McPike. The note became due and
Leake was mulcted for the full
amount. Suit was thereupon brought
against McPike for his half.
McPike admitted that he had
indorsed the note, but set up as a
defense that Storn had signed a
chattel mortgage to Leake on a horse,
Sunello. McPike was severely cross
examined by Robert Duke, attorney
for Mack^ as to whether he (McPike)
had not told Duke on a number of oc
casions that he would settle his half of
the note with Leake. McPike denied
this and the case went over for fur
ther argument.
After the adjournment McPlks and
Duke carried their differences outside
of the courtroom to the corridors of
the City Hall. Bystanders say that.the
fight was very pretty while it lasted.
Blood flowed on both sides with the
advantage slightly in favor of Duke,
but' both belligerents retired from tha
scene and went home for repairs.
Henry H. SlcPike and Robert Duke
Fight It Out In the City
X Hall Corridors.
Overture, "Scotch Airs." McW. Cosgreev*;
songs. "My Own Native Heather" and "Scot
tish Blue Bells." W. Balnaves; piano solo.
Miss Lulu Sherwood: aongr. "Auld Joe Nichol
son's Bonnie - Nannie." G. St. J. Bremner;
bag-pipe selection. John Reid; song. "Loch
Lomond," Miss Ryder; presentation of badges.
William Balnaves; songs. "Bowling Braes."
"Mary of Argyle," Mrs. James D. Craig: read
ing, John Duncan; song, Mra II. T.
Speedle; piano selection. Miss Sherwood; song.
Lachlan - MacLachlan; heather distribution
and "Auld Lang Syne." Miss Velma Llllie
was the accompanist. : . ¦
The programme was as follows:
• An enjoyable open meeting of -the
St. Andrew's Society was held- at Scot
tish Hall Monday night. A large number
of members and their friends were In
attendance and an excellent pro
gramme had been arranged. The
feature of the evening was the distri
bution of heather sent to the society
by~ the Weekly Scotsman of Edin
burgh. The little sprigs awakened
fond memories of Scotland and will
be treasured.
Gold badges of St. Andrew's Soci
ety were given the following children,
who are life members: Annette Reed
Rolph, James Rolph third, Elizabeth
Manwell Dunn, John Ritchi&f Dunn
and Dorothy Dunn.' Mrsr James Sco^
bie, an honorary member, who has
presented the society with a bed in
the Scoble Memorial Sanitarium, was
introduced. . - .
Members and Their Friends of St. An
• drew*s Society Are Pleasantly
Surprised at Meeting.
DISTRIBUTE HEATHER
SENT FROM SCOTLAND
Rodin, the great French sculptor, has
just placed on exhibition In Paris tha
complete product of his hand and
brain. Good, bad and indifferent It is—
all there. "This is all of me," says the
big man; "I'm satisfied.' If you're not
be hanged to you!" .
I: wondered if Rodin's were the rea
son for Clyde Fitch exhibiting his com
edy, "The Way. of the World," that the
Alcazar is exploiting : this week. Just
where the play comes -in the Fitch
chronology I don't know, but it needs
a Rodin robustness of self- belief to
keep it there at all. V- Curiously uncon
vincing I found it; so, too.I think, the
large. Tuesday night audience that had
gathered to take it in. Yet there was
realism galore" and of the novel Fitch
kind; There is a dramatized baby, a
dramatized cocktail, a couple of real
autos, ¦'¦'&'-. christening,' a house concert
with a gilded tenor and whatnot. But
these— except the tenor — are" obviously
lugged in ;> and of absolutely no import
to the action ; of the _ piece.
Scandal and' politics are the basis of
the .plot. A' young wife, neglected by
her husband, who is running for .Gov
ernor, accepts the escort and attentions
of another/ man, who is unhappily mar
ried. The*: wife is innocent in her folly
—abnormally so-r-but seriously com
promises her reputation.'
The. consequent scandal threatens to
ruin! the, husband's political prospects,
and the climax of the play is reached
jvhen the husband ; rushes in at the
baby's christening to yell, "This is not
me ; chelldp * Really, Theodore Kremer
at his creamiest could not have beaten
this. They have before the. christening,
by the way, raked' in the Bishop for a
little wedding on the side, down in
the master's study— the Bishop brightly
suggesting that the wedding should
come before the .baptism.
v r . Of course there are 'moments as in
any Fitch play. The concert is one of
themi Very ' cleverly the. dramatist
shows here Vthe. conventional "sasslety"
attitude toward music. : Then there are
Mr. 1 Fitch's . usual handily touched -In
gossiping: dames,' but ; little ': else. .• '
.The players did their, best with the
material. \. Miss Lillian Lawrence "was
quite convincing; in her cocktail brew
ing, .and was a v sincere and gracious
figured to^the limits of , her opportunity/
Miss ¦ Elizabeth '". Woodson ¦ was ~>- , quite
charming, though lacking a little' in the
essential ¦ breeziness .of ; the part, as the
divorced and ; sorry lady .'1 John, Craig
did '/a ".; good deal ; for the husband, , but
"could "not hide" all [ of ] the sawdust. But
there j.was no sawdust about! the baby.
Downy .11 ttle : head;: pink ] fists ¦ and all,
baby" is "/entirely/ convincing— possibly
because • Mr// Fitch > gives I him nothing
to*8ay.V BLANCHE PARTINGTON.:
ATTORNEYS COME TO BLOWS
AT CONCLUSION OF SUIT
FITCH'S "WAY
OF THE WORLD"
LACKS POWER
H. D. Loveland Appointed to Repre
sent the Body at Trans-Missis
sippi Commercial Congress.
y At a meeting of the Chamber of
Commerce the following members
were elected: California Hotel,, O.
Greenwald, Hlckman & Masterson,
Russo-Chinese Bank, I. Strassburger
& Co., Theodore Gier & Co., Union
Fish Company, George , Warren
Hooper.
H. D. Loveland was appointed as a
representative of the Chamber of
Commerce to attend the Trans-Missis
sissippi Commercial Congress at St.
Louis October 25 to 29 inclusive. \ ;
A resolution was adopted requesting
the Senators and Representatives from
California in the national Congress to
endeavor to have • an appropriation
made for the Improvement of the Pre
sidio in line with the request made to
the Secretary of War by General Mac-
Arthur.
The death was announced of three
members of the chamber, Messrs. P.
B. Cornwall, John W. Grace andS.T.
Alexander.
Rufus P. Jennings was appointed a
delegate to represent the Chamber of
Commerce at the National Irrigation
Congress to be held in El Paso, Tex.,
November 15' to 18.
A resolution was adopted that the
chamber co-operate in the efforts
made to induce the Association of Of
ficials of the Bureaus of Labor Statis
tics of America to hold their next an
nual convention in San Francisco.
A resolution was adopted that the
Chamber indorse the proposed con
stitutional amendment to be voted
upon at the election on November 8
exempting the Academy ! of Sciences
from taxation.
A resolution 'was adopted that the
chamber indorse the efforts of the
California Promotion Committee in in
augurating a" trip to Portland next
year to the Lewis and Clark Exposi
tion. Efforts will be made to induce
the Manufacturers' convention to hold
its next session in San Francisco. . -
The chamber indorses the constitu
tional "amendment to be voted for at.
the election in November that all ships
or shipping employed in either foreign
or domestic navigation or in the fish
eries be exempt from* taxation.
* • •
Mrs. Annabel Joyce of 2661 San Jose
avenue is aged and decrepit and when
Ehe tremblingly held up a bandaged
hand for Police Judge Cabaniss' inspec
tion and informed him that it was cut
by a knife or some other keen-edged
Implement wielded by able-bodied Asa
Hanson, whom she charged with dis
turbing the peace, his Honor continued
the case until a less-congested calendar
enables him to devote ample time to
the hearing.
The female complainant alleges that
Hanson, who is a carpenter and dwells
rear her home, is systematically en
deavoring to drive her away from the
neighborhood and that in the crusade
he is acting as the agent of a Barbary
Coast saloon-keeper who desires to ac
quire possession of the two lots which
ehe now occupies. Hanson's method of
persecution, she avers, was confined to
oral abuse until she had him arrested
for disturbing the peace and then it as
sumed' the form of personal violence.
He invaded her house and struck her
on the face with his flst and when she
attempted to defend herself he drew a
weapon of some kind— ehe was too agi
tated to nott> Its exact character— and
slashed at her with It. The blow was
received on the hand, which she threw
up to protect her head, and the wound
Indicated that a knife was used. Then,
ehe says, he hurried away and swore to
a warrant charging her with disturbing
the peace, the document being signed
by Judge Mogan. This case, too, has
been set aside until it can be given the
consideration to which its seriousness
entitles it.
Alta street is a narrow and rarely used
thoroughfare off Montgomery street,
between Union and Filbert, and when
L. Valentina, occupying No. 124, erect
ed a fence In front of his residence that
virtually closed the street to traffic he
did not think he was putting the gen
eral public 'to any considerable Incon
venience. But he did not take into cal
culation the possible effect of his fence
upon th« household of Michael Brady,
occupant of No. 120, nor did he offer to
remove the structure after Mr. Brady
had complained that It put himself and
family to great discomfort In their go
ings and comings, . as It practically
compelled them to walk around the
block in order to visit their neighbors
next door. When suasion failed to
move Mr. Valentlna's obstinacy, Mr.
Brady resorted to retaliation by em
bellishing his residence with a porch
¦which extended in such a way as to
blockade and render useless an outer
staircase by means of which the Val
entinas reached the upper floor of their
dwelling. Mr. Valentlna's protests
were laughed at by Mr. Brady, Just as
Mr. Brady's objections had been over
ruled by Mr. Valentina, and when Mr.
Valentina undertook to tear down the
Brady porch Mr. Brady equipped him
self with an ax and started ,to chop
down the Valentina fence. The splin
ters were merrily flying and so were
uncomplimentary allusions between Mr.
Brady and Mr. Valentina when Patrol
man Peshon stepped In and with the
authority In him vested stopped the
work of demolition and advised the ob
structionists turned destructionists to
have their dispute properly arbitrated
In court. Judge Mogan has the case
and he will thresh it out In detail on
October £8.
George Stewart, an Afro-American
Adonis whose undisputed possession of
the cakewalking championship of the
Pacific Coast makes him the envied of
every colored gentleman who aspires to
social prominence on the Barbary
Coast, will be afforded opportunity to
morrow to explain to Judge Mogan his
reasons for having fractured the skull
of Louis Gomez last Sunday night at
Pacific and Montgomery streets. It has
not been ascertained exactly how the
fracture was administered— whether
Mr. Gomez, who is of Portuguese na
tivity, was smitten with a '/knuckle
duster" worn by Mr. Stewart or sus
tained the Injury by being flung vlo-
lently against the curbstone. Of one
thing, however, the police are certain
and that is Mr. Stewart's authorship
of the cranial damage that necessitates
Mr. Gomez's confinement to a hospi
tal.
It Is suspected that a woman is con
cealed somewhere at the bottom of the
assault and the detectives are endeav
oring to bring her identity to light.
Mr. Stewart's manly graces are so Ir
resistible as to make him a constant
bone of contention among the ladies of
his color whose habitat is Pacific street.
Not very long ago he was shot at three
times In rapid succession by a negro
who was piqued by the attentions he
(Mr. S.) received from Miss Anastasia
Johnson, premiere danseuse in Sam
Lopez's temple of Terpsichore. The
shooter was so blinded by jealous rage
that his bullets flew wide of their in
tended mark.
* • •
Five youngsters, whose father is Ru
dolph Miller, butcher, . may be the
means of having Justice tempered
with mercy when he Is sen
tenced to-day for. threatening to slay
their mother at the family home, 4%
Hoff avenue. Witnesses testified that
the defendant,' in drunken frenzy, com
pelled the woman to remain outdoors
all night while he stormed and raved
and threatened to kill her with a knife
if she dared to enter the house, where
the terrified little ones were loudly cry
ing. As his imprisonment would mean
deprivation of their maintenance, how
ever. It is likely that he will escape the
punishment he so richly deserves.
Amelia Duncan, young and passing
fair, complained to Judge Mogan that
the policeman who arrested her for
vagrancy would not summon a single'
one of her numerous influential friends
to bail her "out and the result was her
incarceration all night and the prob
ably irreparable damage of a blue silk
en gown that had cost her quite a tidy
sum and to which she had become very
fondly attached.
"Oh, dear!" Miss Duncan continued,
"I'll be ashamed to go on the street
with this skirt after you do let me
out. Oh. dear! It's Just disgraceful to
put a well dressed lady in one of there
dirty cells. Oh, dear! Ain't I a fright'
Oh, dear! I wouldn't take worlds an
let any of my friends see me looking
as I am now. Oh, dear! I guess I'll
Just sneak through back alleys till I
get home and then I'll put on my green
broadcloth. Oh, dear!"
But unless Miss Duncan's friends
visit her at the City Prison they will be
saved the shock of seeing her in that
soiled blue Bilk. She was remanded. till
to-day and the ruling evidently cha
grined her, despite" her. professed re
luctance to venture abroad looking as
she then did.
John Callahan did not approve the
way in which the floor was managed
at the Red Rose Social Club's last hop
in the Turk-street Temple, and ex
pressed his disapproval so vociferously
that his forcible expulsion was deemed
essential to the preservation of har
mony. He- returned to the hall, how
ever, where he not only repeated his
censure of the management, but of
fered to assume it himself and "run
things in style," If a majority of the
masculine dancers would stand by
him. Instead of accepting the prof
fered boon the majority again expelled
him, and when he arrived upon the
sidewalk Patrolman J. F. O'Brien
gathered him Jn.for disturbing the
peace. With his ball clothes on Mr.
Callahan stood before "Judge Mogan
and pleaded not guilty, but the police
man's testimony overwhelmed the
plea and sentence was deferred until
to-day.
Minnie Howard averred that It was
not she. but her female companion,
who ordered the French dinner for
which she was held to pay. It was
the other lady. Miss Howard ex
plained, who proposed the dinner, led
the way to the restaurant at 531
Broadway. ordered the -various
courses ' and drank half* of the five
quarts of claret that were consumed
with them. When the fifth "bot" had
been emptied the other lady suddenly
remembered that she had left her
purse at home 1 and requested , Miss
Howard to await her return while she
went to get it. Miss Howard waited
and waited until she as well as- the
professional waiter were tired, and
then she .was arrested for defrauding
an innkeeper. Said arrest was an
outrage, she declared, for she was
simply a guest .of the other lady.
Judge Cabaniss, , however, ' could' * not
be persuaded | to take Miss Duncan's
view of the case, and he sentenced her
to forty-eight hours' imprisonment.
George Bronz, a Grecian lad with
the face of a poet and the torso of a
Jeffries, alleged that it was his uncle,'
Georges Landers of Sixth street,' near
Howard, who sent him abroad to ped
dle without a license and' then ) took
all the profits of his illegal > traffic.
The boy has been less than • a' year ;: in
this country, he said, ; but he „ has al
ready^ learned the ways of the I side
walk merchant' and makes consider
able money. .' He has never attended
school," 1 is . illiterate . and ¦: does not be
lieve that Uncle \ George : intends "to
have him Judge' Mogan con-:
ued the case r until Uncle George": can
be haled 1 into court and asked to exf
plain his treatment Vof the little
chap; ; r : [• :¦¦': , ' . v
Dutch Captain Fined.
' : Customs Collector. Stratton
day sent notice to Captain' G. ; Boria of
the Dutch' ship > Europa that he, would
be required to pay. a fine * of $ 1 0 00 -. for.
allowing four 'men from ithe? launch
Meteor.'. and :from ';oneVof -Crowley's
launches to ; board the ; ship , before , the
customs officers : had ' arrived. The
breach . of law was said to have hap
pened' last"Sunday. f \ ;
-Many ladies are martyrs to suffering. \Tbelr
best 1ielp Is Parker's Ginger Tonic, '
Parker'e Hair Balsam is life, to the hair. *v
; SUTRO ARGUMENT i ¦ ENDED.— The long
arjrument for anij acainst a partial distribu
tion of the estate of Adolph Sutro and for and
against the validity of the charity trust clause
in the I millionaire'! : will , was . concluded . yester
day in Judge Coffey's court and the attorneys
were given forty, days In which to submit their
case on briefs. Attorney McKlnstry - answered
Garret 'McEnerney's argument briefly yester
day-and Attorney Wheeler, closed In behalf 'of
the : heirs. " who are . seeking ¦ to -¦ set •' aside - the
trust.\ On Mr. McEnerney's demand Dr. Emma
Jj.' Merritf was . Instructed; to make a report' on
the condition of the estate by the first of next
January. Such a report has not been, made In
,f our •years,"' during i which time'; the vast prop
erty has greatly, increased! In 'value.';. ~:-v>.*,. *¦
Jhe Faralso Springs ar« always open, f
The trial of Lieutenant George S.
Richards Jr., who is accused of dupli
cating his pay accounts, was resumed
yesterday at the Presidio. To support
his plea of insanity a lot of documen
tary testimony, gathered in the Philip
pines, was introduced. Among these
were depositions from Lieutenant R.
W. Buchanan, Captain W. I* Eyre,
Lieutenant S. O. Fuqua, Lieutenant I.
A.. Saxton, Lieutenant H. S. Howland,
Captain R. R. Stevens', Captain J. L.
HInes and Captain G. S. Goodale, all of
the Twenty- third Infantry/
Their statements regarding the san
ity or insanity of the accused were
nearly all non-committal. The trial will
be resumed this morning at 10 o'clock.
Vice President Corral on arrival here
on Friday morning will be met at the
Oakland mole by a tug from the navy
yard, which will have on board repre
sentatives from the different commer
cial organizations of the city and a
delegation of army officers. On arrival
on this side of the bay the distinguish
ed visitor will be escorted to the SL
Francis Hotel by a detachment of field
artillery led by the Third Artillery
Corps band. ¦>' ¦ -;.* .-:>¦• ;*<•;
Dr. W. L. Keller, -who is accompany
ing the squadron of the Fourth Caval
ry from Fort Rlley to the Presidio; on
arrival here j will relieve Dr. C. j C. Bir
llngslea, now at " the Generaf Hospital,
Presidio. ?, v - « ¦-¦¦'
Major B. H. Randolph, who suffered
a stroke of paralysis some two months
since, Is -sinking very fast, r
Among the patients who came over
on the transport Lxfean and have gone
to the General Hospital are Major. E.
A. Mearns and Colonel -W. S, Scott,
Philippine Constabulary. J ' ;
Lieutenant James Conway, Philippine
Scouts, who has been, ill at the General
Hospital for two months,' leaves for the
East to-day. -< ... -
Many 'Depositions Are Read Before
Court-Martial Touching Upon
Sanity of Accused.
LIEUTENANT RICHARDS' TRIAL
RESUMED BY MILITARY BOARD
CHA3IBER OF COMMERCE . ,
ELECTS NEW MEMBERS
Another reason for the Mayor's de
lay in formally announcing his decision
is that Drinkhouse's friends desired to
have several of the witnesses who had
testified : against him recalled In order
to show "that they had been mixed up
in business transactions in the sale of
cigar shops that j were not as repre
sented and so impeach their evidence.
Drinkhouse himself thought that this
would look like persecution on the part
of the ¦ administration and he declined
to take advantage | of the point,' pre
ferring to let "the matter rest on the
evidence as presented, which the Mayor
holds did not prove the charges.
Any one who was present at the investigation
could see at a glance that the other charges
were absolutely disproved. The fact that Mr.
Drinkhouse supplies but a very small percentage
of the saloons with his goods shows conclusive
ly, that he did not intimidate dealers to buy his
goods. . . - . ¦ ... - -.
J One of the charges made against Mr. Drink
house was that by reason of his dealing In
Eastern made cigars the business of the local
union cigar shops had fallen off considerably,
resulting in the loss of Jobs by cigar-makers of
this city. From statistics furnished me for the
First District there has been an enormous ln
craase in. the number of cigars manufactured.
However, I am seeking correct figures relative
to the number of cigars made In this city dur
ing the last year or two. and I am confident
that I will be able to prove that. Instead of a
decrease, a substantial Increase will be shown,
which will disprove this particular charge
against Drinkhouee.
A delegation from the Cigannakers"
Union, headed by M. Blum, president of
the union, waited on Mayor Schmltz
yesterday- and conveyed a request to
his Honor, through Secretary George
B. Keane, that he either render a de
cision or reopen the' investigation Into
the allegations made against Police
Commissioner Drinkhouse that the lat
ter is using his official position to ad
vance the interests of his cigar busi
ness.
Keane brought word to the committee
that the Mayor positively refused to re
open the. inquiry, saying that he had
heard all the necessary evidence, which
he holds failed to substantiate the
charges made against Drinkhouse. The
Mayor said:.
I will probably rive my findings In the mat
ter either to-morrow or Thursday next. The
reason for my delay In announcing my decision,
which I must confess will b« In favor of Mr.
Drinkhouse, Is the delay I have experienced in
securing statistics from the Internal Revenue
Department, relative to the number of cigars
manufactured In this district
Says Cigar Making Has Not
FaUenVQff and Other
Charges Not Sustained
Says Assailant Is Agent of Saloon Man
Who Desires Her Property.
Three applications to sell liquor on
the Ocean boulevard were turned down
by the Police Commission last night.
The proposition of N. C. Twilliger to
start a saloon . and cafe in the hall
built by the Ocean Beach Improvement
Club, which has been - hotly contested
by the beachside residents of the
gentler sex and many property owners,
met' with defeat.
The women, both those who reside
in the district and those who are In
terested in it from other motives, help
ed largely to win the victory for mor
ality. Mrs. Lovell White, president of
the Outdoor Art League, made an ap
peal In person to the board. Five other
ladies, residents of Carville, testified
that they strenuously objected to any
more saloons in , the neighborhood.
At the afternoon session the Police
Commissioners' room was crowded with
feminine residents of the Ocean boule
vard district. A large delegation of
ladies from the Outdoor — rt League
was also present.
Twllliger's case was first called. He
reiterated the statement that he in
tended to. conduct an orderly house and
that if granted a license he would per-
Action on the application of the Em
ployes' | Register Company, which ap
plied for a license, Was postponed one
week. The remainder of the session
was principally devoted to hearing ap
plications for saloon licenses.
Commissioner Drinkhouse advocated
letting Twilliger run his restaurant for
four weeks, ; after which -a decision
could be reached as to whether or not
the license would be granted." Several
of. the ladies of Carvllle were permit
ted to give their reasons for protesting
against the resort. After admitting
the testimony of others the Commis
sioners decided to go into executive
session and to give their decision inrthe
evening.
The bar and cafe must be In the samo room
and there must be no side rooms or partitions.
There must be no speaking 'tubes or dummy
elevator by. which drinks may be -conveyed to
rooms; the openings and entrances .must not
be. changed; nothing but tea, coffee and soft
drinks * may • be served after 10 p. m. : no
drinks ' must be served ¦ outside; If I any of
these conditions are violated the license shall
be: revoked. ¦ ' --'¦ ¦ - •
mit nothing improper in the resort.
- Attorney John .Carey, representing
the element opposed to the granting of
the license, declared that if the hall
must be transferred Into a saloon and
restaurant the following conditions
were demanded by his clients :
Protest of Wo me n| Wi n s a Vi ctb ry
»_ — _
(UTHERINGT 'STATISTICS
Notifies Union Committee
He Will Render \ Decision
: Favorable to . Drinkhouse
Shows Her Wounded Hand in Court.
No More Saloons Along
Ocean Beach Boulevard
Aged Woman Alleges She
Was Cut by a Carpenter
MAYOR REFUSES
TO OPEN CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALIJ, " WEDNESDAY;? OCTOBER 19, 190*.
16
¦ - - ' • - ¦ ¦ . . . *i^
FREDERICKS
* *2raEMoyAL sale
FURNITURE CARPETS
DRAPERIES WALLPAPERS
BELGIAN OAK FURNITURE
. The subdued tone of this glorious hard wood- is
beautifully enhanced by its faultlessness of carving.
Every piece is massively beautiful "and suggestive of - ;
originality of "design and great strength of construction. ;
These items, suggest the character of the values: :
•$150 HALL RACK . v . . . . .Removal Saie *Pric£ $ j 15
' $145 WRITING DESK ..Removal' Sale Price $100
$110 MUSIC STAND . . ..Removal Safe Price $75
$75 HALL CHAIR ... 1. Removal Sale Price $52
$70 HALL SEAT ;..;.. .Removal Sale Price $50
$65 ARM CHAIR . . Removal ; Sale Price , $48
$45 HALL CHAIR . .:.. Removal Sale Price $35'
Deliveries are planned to your convenience— sent at
. onu or during^ tfic hbtidays. ' ~\
Joa.Fredericks&^
649*65 <Jl M AR KET1 ST;KE^Kry
Ghirar delli's
Ground Chocolate
The Original and Genuine
Distinguished from imitations
by its smooth, rich, delicious
flavor and perfect purity. For
two generations this superb
eocoisr preparation has been
uiiiversally recognized as a
Western .manufacture of
standard quality.
Insist upon getting the' genuine D. Ghirardalli's '.
Chocolate/ pack'ed y :in' hermetically
f sealed cans. All others are inferior imitation*,
__'__¦'_ ApVERTISEMEXTS. , ,n
Couch Covers.
£* a a each— A new shipment of TAPESTRY COUCH COVERS.
t(M III) ' m Ba Sdad, Oriental and Persian designs. Foil length and
vu ww width.
(N (\t\ Extra heav y V-aKty "TAPESTRY COUCH COVERS, in
II (I many new patterns and colorings, with heavy knotted
v w fringe, full length and width. u tr;.
Tapestry.
([•j aa 'yard — Latest designs and colors,' in PLAIN and FIGURED
tblallll TAPESTRY. An excellent quality for furniture covering
v ww and portieres. Full 50 inches wide.
Portieres.
if irn New Fall stock' of TAPESTRY PORTIERES, the late«t
«d4i»MJ ? tvlcs * n plain colors, with Persian bands. These we have
v wu in Blue, Red, Nile, Garnet and Green.
Lace Curtains. .
(M HA Pa""— EXCLUSIVE PATTERNS IN ARABIAN, RENAIS-
tDcJ.UU SANCE, MADRAS and White and Ecru NOTTINGHAM.
¦H'v v v All are on good, heavy, washable net. Full width and
length.
Ruffled Muslin Curtains.
(tl ft A pair— An unusually large stock of new Ruffled Muslin BED-
«h /Jill ROOM CURTAINS. These are the latest patterns manu-
' vw factured, and consist of Dots, Fleur de Lis, Scrolls, Empire
.• v and other styles.
We also have a fine assortment of CURTAIN SWISSES. CUR-
TAIN NETS, MADRAS and DRAPERIES by the yard.
ao patterns FIGURED DENIM, 36 in. wide, yard ..15c
Best quality heavy," plain DENIM, all standard shades, 36 in. wide.
yard ...;............. o 0c
Best quality heavy, plain BURLAP, all shades, 36 in. wide, yd. .16c
50 patterns, new Figured SILKOLINES, beautiful styles, yd.,12#c
Best quality plain SILKOLINE, 36 inches wide, yard. lOc
Heavy HUNGARIAN CLOTH, Oriental effects, 34 inches wide
yard .¦ ; 2Oc
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STEEET.
''•/ APVERTISEMiEJirTS. '- ) J ,
X s £* .) Record
V/OileeS [BrcaKing
¦V "• j) Values
; Otiir^"-.* - ¦ -'.¦; .;.
?Top,.35:& 40c Coffees
Quality v ; - f ¦¦:.-¦.,:
are so good that
you \villj want inbred
Fresh Coffees
15; 20; 25, 30 cts.
We are givinj^
Tree
Double ; Premiums.
- Come early
: just to look.
(Great Ameiricaa Importing Tea C£J
y'^;Moh^].Savin^|Stbre.-'
861 Market If: 213 Butter .;"•.' V - 2732 24th 'A* M
-:140 Sixth ;> 210 Grant av» ! . 1419 Polk*A §9
U75 HalghtylSlS Devlsadero . 708 LarkinH
3286 Mlaeion 3000 Sixteenth 146 Ninth B
2008 FMmort ' 621,Montg'y av. I 365 Hayes H
' 368 Third I?. 2516 Mission ' ¦'¦--M 62 MarkctH
- - V 1 469 Fourth*- ;v 206 Third : : • n . • |