THE Grand Jury had a protracted and stormy session yesterday, but nothing was accomplished. The factions split
in the vote to ''prosecute the Election Commissioners. The charges against Ruef failed of substantiation, direct evi
dencebeing altogether lacking. Morris Levy had a short/go with the jurors, but no basis for a' case was
FornJ^-"Mayor Phelan was before the Grand Jury in connection with charges that he had been favored to a liberal
extent in the assessment _of his properties. Assessor Dodge was also a witness. The jurors grew tired of the investiga
tion, regarding it as unwarranted, and adjourned /while Nea Ion had yet another witness to cail.
FORMER MAYOR AND PRESENT
ASSESSOR. WHO APPEARED
BEFORE THE GRAND JURY.
Fails
to
Take
IntsresL
it* . : } .
Charge
¦ri i
Illdl
Assessor
Eased
fax
Burden
Phelan
and
Inquiry :
Short
by:;
Refusing
Hear
Witness.
Continued « on ; I" ¦• ~r? 3. Column 4.
consensus of - female : opinion that Mrs.
Parkerj should noti receive \ ?>»* : picture
under f anvf cirenrnstasces." . .
War News Continued on Page 4.
VATICAN EAGER TO JOIX
IX PEACE COXFEREXCE
ROME, OcL . 27.— The Vatican is
sounding different* powers on the sub
ject of :*lie '. admission J of 'its Repre
sentative * at 'the ., proposed
Hague conference," on the same ground
as the suggested admission - V of ... the
South American republics, \which were
not represented at : the first conference;
The Vatican emphasized • the ; fact -that
it was excluded ifromithe: first'confer
¦ence chiefly; because Tof 'the, opposition'
of "the Italian; Government,, supported
by- Great > Britain,'; which Tasked v in . ex
change ; Italy's support ; f orj the \ exclu
sion of , representatives 7 of . the" Boer, re-'
oubiics.
Post for Rough Rider.
OTTAWA. Kans.. , Oct. 27. — Rela
tives 'of Ben . Daniels. , the former
Bough Rider under' President Roose
velt, have received . notice of his ap
pointment ', as suDerlritendent / of-, the
Territorial prison of Arizona
Two Injured' In Collision.
SEATTLE. ; Oct. 27.— The and
west bound passenger ": trains*' on ', the
Great • Northern /collided 'at} Richmond
Beach to-day. [VThe 1 failureiof ; the air
brakes tolwork is, glven;as|the 'cause
of " the v ; accident. r-Two^persons^were
sllghtlyl injured-! Both* locomotives f arid
tenders? were '^partiallyi'deniblished. :
w-Accompanylng^the^Presideritiinihis
.walk Ithisjf afternoon -.were jMlss .^Alice
Roosevelt, %Mies'; Christine U Roosevelt,'
andiTheodoreiRooseveltfJrJ^^issaJ
"This ¦ is /my/. birthday, „ tob,".« said
Dennis. ' am ; 8 2 1 years ? old and ¦ I > al
ways - call I here on - the „ President's'
birthday.'V^/X' ':'- V-?^V"> ;, -: •-: •¦..-,- .-¦-- "-.;•¦ ;;.
*ii Dennis Host both arms, Jn .an explo
sion 'on'; the • Princeton * at • Gibraltar i in
1847;^ "He: was J firing ; ai salute; to" a
Russian -;-,¦•:• r" j* • : » : ;
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON,; • Oct. ; 27.— President
Roosevelt f celebrated the forty-sixth
anniversary, f of ? his birth .:to-day[;b'y,
hard work ¦ in the » executive offices, a
long; walk , with children; and .;• a
family ; dinner in: the private dining-/
room of 'the White "House." .- f
" The - anniversary; (was remembered
by/ huhdredslbf; friends in all" parts "of
the country, who' sent" him corngratuia
toryv messages. 'Among the early call-'
ers < on y tlie; President \were
General - Moody," Secretary ; of the^ Navy^
Morton, Y Senator? Knox j-;ahd ; Assistant
Secretaries : Lobmis ; and ' O llvef . * Mrs:
Dewey,' wife /of \ the « admiral, - : made {a
brief " call t morning ¦ join- in 1 the
congratulations^ - She - left the % .White
House i,withi a. -half, dozen, -beautiful
white s roses .which - had i been . present
ed'.to;herI';Ti*'*. -''. : ¦'¦ ¦.".¦"¦'•. ¦'/-;'}:' '' ' "*¦'¦¦" ¦¦
k -No caller -was^ more welcome than
armless -Dennis, "; who -.was
Navy^ Departmerit-v. watchman v f when
.the"''President*,\vas f Assistant j Secretary
of ;the's Navy.'r' ; : :i.V.;i "':¦.: Z-'_ ;-~- ¦¦: -.; . .-.- : > r^i
;.,:. He ; then . placed i-the & tickets, \ seve'rity,
in % number;: in ¦•tithe V, ballot; box, ' after
writing 1 : ; on . ' each ' the % name J of * Mrs."
*Alton u B. ;,' Parker." It * 'happened :that
Judge ; Rasquin \was called iupbn) to ; an
nounce "; the} result* of ithe ; contest/fiThen
theS'statement,ithat^MrSi ? Parker ¦ had
received t a i*maJ6rltyJ;'of ithe*votes|and
theref ore), was i declared ; to * be ; the * most
populari.woma'n { set Hhe '' aud lence [ gasp
inglwithi surprise.--,^ .;>:,- i*
¦¦ heard : all Vover the
vestry .^Indignant J members ¦ catechised
the i Judjte 1 unpleasantly.'and ? it \ was ' the
;¦ ; NEW ; YORK, /Oct.- 27.—Among;;the
features ."of j the ? harvest^ home , festival
held by v members* .' of : the • Reformed
Church An,: Flushing -|6h /¦.Wednesday
was a ; ,voting contest to*decide who was
the" most; popular woman.".' The' prize to
be (awarded 'was f a* framed 'photograph
of -i. the' .White I House I, In'; Washington.*
This had : been donated "to > the \ festival
by the wife -of < the - President : and ? bore
an 'autograph' signature of 'Mrs. Roose
velt. - The leading -J candidate', in : the
was' Mrs. , Swain,-,. wife .of T.the
pastorTof .the'ehurch.' 'There _, was a gen
eral vunderstandingr'; that. * the 'competi
tion Iwast to be limited. to the wbmen'of
the '¦congregation/ " The * "ballots, - "of
course, *were^ for jsale. ' \ ,' •'.-"{,¦
- Attending- the\ festival was William
J. ;> Rasquln ' Jr.',' a ~ Judge * of ; the I New
town*-, municipal * court,*!' a.'/ member i of
' the ,'jchurch Z andean ; ardent •' Democrat."
eWhen;asked^by^a>prettyj girl J to t vote
rn"ithe*competitl6n- the? Judge smilingly
; -', •Tllitakerall.youhave" - . .
Special Dispatch . to Tha Can.
¦ .ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., »Oct. 27.—
Miss Daisy H:- Staley, . said to be well
known In V San Francisco society, . and
Sam Yo'nf ord, a ' who claims
to be a wealthy; merchant of the Coast
*dty, ; .we're married here this afternoon
by '¦ the Rev.' Wilson' J. -Marsh/ pastor
of the First ! Congregational Church, at
the , pastor's residence. "
'; Miss"Staley arid .the Chinese, arrived
in : Albuquerque : this morning over '. the
Santa ¦ Fe ' from . the \ West, and at once
drove to the office of -the County. Clerk,
where ' they . applied - . for a' s marriage
license. \ ..The ' clerk ; at , ; first '¦¦• refused to
grant the license, but the Celestial and
his ' bride-to-be the > official
that ' he ; had \ no^option , In* the ' matter,'
and ' the document "was . issued. ¦ The
couple ,' then I drove i" direct • to * the resi
dence * of I the ' minister. 1 who ; performed
the ¦ ceremony ; without : ques ton. ¦.;.- "
-!:The Chinese ', and 1 his 'bride declined
to 'make 'any statement . In-- regard to
their 'union'' other than '- that y. they ,will
return : to > San I Francisco,"af ter a wed
ding 'trip i in the • East. • to r make : their
home. • To the, minister, 'Yonford show
ed ito. prove that : he ".was a
merchant -of '.wealth and • standing . In
San ' Frarcisco,^ and ' that, his ' marriage
ltd v* Miss \_Staley^;was .» perfectly , : legal.
»young\woman -declared t that she
was I thoroughly^ in', love ; with her/ hus
.band, but I declined \ toJ make ; any . state-'
ment ' as » to ; her* family /or ' position. .
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Special : Dispatch to Th» • Call.
MOHILKFF (On the Dneiper), Rus
sia. Oct. 27. — There have'been no anti-
Jewish riots here, strictly speaking, as
reported in some quarters, but consid
erable disorders with • army, reserve
men have occurred in. connection with
the mobilization. Drunken peasants
in the streets attacked houses and
shops, and most of .the. local traders
being Jews: they suffered, but the
houses of the local officials were also
attacked.. The desertion of Jewish re
serve men, : who! are fleeing ' abroad
helped to incite the populace against
them, as Christians. had. to take their
places. ~:;JfittfiJBMBJB9l
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 27. — Se
rious riots are reported • to . have •¦: oc
curred in the province of Vilna. Gen
eral Ridzevsky, the new head of the
police department, has hurriedly pro
ceeded thither.
Head of St. Petersburg Police Depart
ment Hastens to Province
of Vilna. .
RIOTS OCCUR IX TWO
DISTRICTS OF RUSSIA
Mr. Roosevelt Gele
-brates Birthday
. Anniversary.
Miss:StaIey of This
Gity Bride of a
Merchant.
Mrs. Rppseyelt's
Donation Is Voted
to Mrs/ Parker.
SEATTLE, ;Oct. 27.— The steamer
Mainlander of. the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company's fleet lies at the bot
tom -of . Puget Sound, ; off s West Point
lighthouse, four miles north of Seattle;
having' been sunk about 6" o'clock i this
evening .in a collision .with the power
ful tug Sea ! Lion. \ No lives were lost,
despite .the fact that the. Mainlander
had sixteen . passengers and ; a crew/ of
thirty. While the ' Mainlander s ; went
down with everything aboard save the
people, the, tug was but -little injured,
and her crew escaped "< without injury.
But for the " Sea Lion's , having stood
by, everybody aboard; the Mainlander
doubtless would have : perished.
in "twenty i minutes from the time', the
vessels'- came .together! the Mainlander
went to-the ; bottom. . ' ; . ,.". :- : ';
• At tne time of the collision the Main
lander was returning. from Bellingham:
The Sea Lion was Rowing the, British
ship Celtic Monarch ? up the ; sound. ",,; A
dense fog enveloped the" sound;, Neither
master could f see a .' ship's length ahead
of his : vessel. Captain; Ellsmore: says
he had 'come ; tO;a dead standstill at
the? time^of the collision;"/ and ;ln "•¦ fact
was slowly backing. ' • Both ; he and ' Cap
tain .Mauter ."• kept -blowing •; their fog
horns and - ; though '; the"," weather" was
thick each " heard the ' other « plainly." .
After, ; knocking a -. hole -j in « the '¦¦ port
side of the » Malnalnder ':thefSea ! ;LIon
went: alongside the ' Mainlander, '-\ which
.was ¦ rapidly : sinking,'' and ?.tdok \ off r her
passengers, - crew t and V baggage.'.? ¦*, She
then took her. towjto. Ballard, returned
and i attempted : to - tow; the ; Mainlander
ashore/ but ¦ without"- success; : <
The , Mainlander Iwas at $100,
000 and was heavily • insured.*3jHBBinri
ROME, Oct. 27.— Although no request
has been received by the .Italian Gov
ernment regarding the removing of in
ternational restrictions for the passage
of the Dardanelles by ships of war, the
question has been more or less dis
cussed between the powers since last
January, when Great Britain addressed
a protest to Turkey against the passage
of the 6traits by Russian torpedo-boats.
While no conclusion was reached, the
attitude of the different powers appears
to be as follows:
Great Britain is decidedly opposed. '
Germany considers herself an uncon
cerned spectator, whose Interests in the
disputed matter would be neither fur
thered nor prejudiced by whatever so
lution might be reached.
Austria, always upheld the principle
that the Dardanelles should be open to
all or none.
France, because of .her present alli
ance with Russia, views the question in
a different light from that in which she
regarded it at the time of the Crimean
War. when allied with England In the
treaty of 1856, which was confirmed by
the treaty of Berlin, she favored the
prohibition of warships passing the
straits.
Notwithstanding the intimate rela
tions between the houses of Savoy and
Romanoff, the Italian Government has
no reason to change from the attitude
assumed in the Crimean War, in which
Piedmont participated as the ally of
England.
The Italian Anglophile feeling Is
voiced to-night by the Trlbuna, a" lead
ing Government paper, which calls Ad
miral Rojestvensky a ' lunatic, : adding
that If complete and prompt satisfac
tion is not given war will be inevitable.
HOW THE POWERS STAXD.
Steamship Mainlander Hits
Smaller Craft in Fog. and
Goes to Bottom of Ocean
GIRL WEDS
A CHINESE
OF WEALTH
DEMOCRAT
PLAYS JOKE
ON WOMEN
PRESIDENT
FORTY=SIX
YEARS OLD
COLLIDES WITH
TUG AND SINKS
Assistant . District Attorney Whiting
was on ?hand to lend the assistance
necessary . if . action should be ' taken
against the Election Commissioners,
and he advised the Grand Jury ./ that
the - law did not require the votes of
twelve members, as in indictment pro
ceedings, to present an accusation for.
removal, from office. A majority vote
would suffice. . he said, and then Fore
man Lillenfeld without further delay
urged, a roll "call. When the result was
announced he insisted that another
vote «be taken, but the strident voices
of the opposition were so vigorous in
protest that he gave up the attempt.
: It was reported that Foreman Lillen
feld had been ¦ approached yesterday
morning in ¦ an endeavor to have - him
sidetrack the charges against the Elec
tion.Commissioners. His answer was a
stout refusal; He refuses to divulge the
name of the person who, came to hbn,
but * denies I positively 'that it was any
one connected" with the municipal ad
ministration. .The appeal -was of a per
sonal Character, he says.
./The foreman declares that the case of
the 1 commission will be called up again
Those favoring prosecution had mus
tered all their strength but this one
member, . while the opposition was on
hand ' with its , full force of nine mem
bers. It was the first: time since the
Jury, was -Impaneled that, as many as
eighteen were in attendance.
matter was of the hearsay order and not
to'be regarded as evidence. No proof was
adduced ' - involving Morris Levy in
questionable . connection with the
saloon adjoining the Baldwin Thea
ter,- and nothing' was accomplished In
regard to the allegations of Juror Neal
on that Assessor Dodge has shown fa
voritism toward' former Mayor Phelan
In the valuation. of his properties.
On every matter before the Jury there
was discord. A number of the members
are of the clamorous type when their
prejudices are touched, and from the
start-oft the lack of harmony manifest
ed itself in the fling of words and the
obstruction to proceedings.
The tryout of the factions in the in
quisitorial body, over which there has
been so much speculation, took place
in the vote. on the case of the Election
Commission, which was the first taken
up. Wakefleld Baker's absence saved
the commission from prosecution. With
out • him Foreman . Lillenfeld failed to.
obtain a majority vote, on which the
District Attorney would have been di
rected ¦ to proceed against the Election
Board to remove it from office. On a
former occasion Baker sided with those
who urged steps against the Comm|j
sloners, and it was expected that he
would do so again. But urgent business
had called him out of town. ¦
FACTIONS MUSTER FORCES.
The attempt to prefer a charge of
misfeasance against the Election Com
missioners failed by a vote of nine to
nine/ The testimony taken in the Ruef
The Grand Jury was after big game
yesterday, but out of a session that was
full of exciting situations and Indus
trious effort to implicate various per
sons in the toils of the law there came
nothing. Lengthy testimony was in
troduced In 'a .variety of matters, but
not in one case was it of the direct sort
that fastens guilt or furnishes a basis
for accusation.
The whole army is delighted at the
appointment of General Kuropatkin as
commander in chief of the land forces
in the Far East. The one idea among
the men is to advance. There is every
indication that when the next fight
commences it will be a desperate one.
Every precaution has been taken by
the Russians to deal generously with
Chinese who have suffered through the
fighting in their territory. Not only
has a special commission been preated
for the purpose of paying for all food
and forage commandeered, but compen
sation is awarded for houses in vil
lages destroyed. This course has as
tonished the natives beyond measure,
and there have been many remarkabla
scenes during the disbursements of the
commission. Chinese who had suffered
by the loss of property fell upon their
knees and thanked the Russian officers
for repayment.
WITH THE RUSSIAN EASTERN
ARMY, Oct. 27.— The heavy firing last
sight and this morning was only the
artillery exchanging shots. Both firing
lines are now facing each other with
out outposts. 4
Suspicious "movements "of ihe Japa
nese have been observed west of the
railroad/ The Chinese say positively
that the Japanese are preparing to turn
the | Russian right or break through a
volnerabie point of the lines.
There was an artillery fight on the
night of October 26 on the north shore
of the Shakhe River, directly south of
Mukden. The cannonading, which was
heavy, was continued to-day. The Rus
sians are attacking. Should the Japa
nese be successful the fighting it is be
lieved will continue up "to the walls of
Mukden. This morning occasional shots
were heard on the western front.
The weather has again cleared and is
much better for active operations. The
days are warm and gunny, but the
nights are cold, and some of the Rus
sian troops, whose winter overcoats
have not arrived, are suffering from the
MUKDEN*. Oct. 27.— There was a re
connaissance in force last night by the
Russian western flank, and desultory
flrlng continued till 2 o'clock this morn
ing. The Japanese were discovered to
be hurriedly fortifying along the whole
line, but this does not, of course, pre
clude the possibility of an attack by
them.
The artillery firing on the Russian
left, which began yesterday and lasted
during the night, has spread south
ward, i-;*
According to the story told the expo
sition officials by Abbott, the, inventor,
whose Identity remains unknown; plans
to ' place an orchestra in a central sta
tion. -Tubes > fitted iwith the-Inventor's
ret,apparatus,will' run jfrqm, this sta^
tion to the .^oftices,* stores" or residences
of; the customers, i - The programme ; will
be' carried out dally. "A customer notes
that ,at ascertain' ..time;.- hisJfayorlte
plece^oLnjusicwill be played, j He. turns
a key. and a*burst : of music from brass,
reed and stringred instruments fills the
room. The subscriber ¦ gets ; the music
he: wants.' sweeter and more natural 'in
sound than when produced. by a phono
graph. ; - ¦ . -
It is believed that the music may,. by
this ¦ means, be served to ¦ customers as
far distant from the 'central "station
as are the S customers '-.- of ¦ a central
steam-heating plant, which-supplles an
entire city by underground 'pipes. '
The details of this invention are, of
course, closely guarded by Abbott. He
is willing to put up; a heavy bond to
carry out his part of the contract,
should the concession be granted.' The
phonograph plays no part in the,inven
tion, for , the music is heard first hand
by the customer. Nor 'will it ; be , nec
essary to stand as close to the; music
tube as to a phonograph, for the(gas
pipe symphony may be heard for a con
siderable distance. •
PORTLAND, Ore.. Oct. 27.— Music
out of a pipe to be turned on or off like
gas is the plan of a company which
has asked for a concession from the
Lewis and Clark Exposition. The com
pany is represented by F. O. Abbott, a
Seattle attorney, who is now in Balti
more, Md., but who promises on his
return to incorporate a .company for
575,000 and exploit the invention. The
concession at the exposition Is to ad
vertise the scheme. Abbott's proposi
tion is now being seriously considered
by. President Good, who is very favor
ably impressed.
Each of these ships was of steel con
struction, and was equipped with twin
screws. They were taking on cargo
and were lashed fast ,. to the piers,
which burned so rapidly that it was
impossible to save them. <
The Nebraskan was built in Camden
and launched in 1902; gross tonnage
4409. length 360 feet, breadth 46.2 feet,
depth 24.6 feet.
The American was built in 1900 at
the yards of the Delaware River Com
pany, Chester, Pa.; gross tonnage 5591,
length 406.8 feet, breadth 51.1, depth
S0.3. ,
The American, the Nebraskan and the
Arizonan were all new vessels, and
among the best in the Atlantic and
Pacific trade. The Arizonan was
launched only last year, having been
built at the Union Iron Works in San
Francisco. Her gross tonnage was
S762; length 470 feet, breadth 57.2, depth
3L5.
ALJj FIXE XEW VESSELS.
That the fire was of incendiary origin
is the testimony of two private detect
ives. There has been much ill feeling
between the Terminal Company and
some of the residents of the neighbor
hood because the company, desires to
close certain South Brooklyn streets.
Owing to the late hour when the fire
was discovered, it was impossible to
learn anything definite regarding in
surance. , »>.v
: As; to : the ', fate of , the ' crews . of ¦ the
ships, there can be only conjecture* at
this time. /So. quickly did the fire
spread, according to the reports, that
it was impossible for them. to escape. ,
The ships lost are the American, the
Arizonan and the Nebraskan of the
American and Hawaiian Steamship
Company and the Citta di Palermo of
the Italian ' line. They , are fast to the
piers, blazing at all points. It is im
possible to get near enough to drag
them out into midstream.
CREWS MAY BE LOST;
_rjNIpENTJFJI3I> FIREMAN, hem
med in bjr narrows; ,sj.cea U» • jttri"y Tm5 ' the
water. . v ; ,-• '-¦.¦;.¦¦.. ' ,
NEW YORK. Oct. 28. 3:03 a. m.— Fire,
believed to have been of Incendiary
origin, swept over the piers, warehouses
and shipping at the Terminal Com
pany's stores, South Brooklyn, early
this morning. It was still burn
ing at 3 o'clock this morn
ing, and at that time two
lives were known to have been lost and
there were fears that this number
would be multiplied many times.
Four fine ocean-going steamships
were burning from bow to stern and
Mere believed to be doomed, and
hundreds of thousands of dollars'
worth of cotton, hemp and, general
cargo that the China Bhips bring in
were all ablaze and irreparably dam-
The known dead: •
POLICEMAN PATRICK CUSHING
of Fourth-avenue station. Brooklyn. .
Special Dispatch to Th# Call
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Big Freighter Arizona, Built at Union
Iron Works, One of the Vessels
Destroyed.
Tuneful Melody Will Be Carried to
Residences or Offices Through
Underground Pipes.
MUKDEN, Oct. 27, 10:15 p. m.—
Xews has just been received here that
the Japanese yesterday resumed the
offensive on the east front and made
a slight advance It is rumored that
the Japanese have taken all the Rus
sian positions at Erdagou, between
Huantian and Findlapu. on the road
from Mukden to Bentsiaputxe, but the
report has not been confirmed and
appears improbable.
DUEL OF ARTILLERY IS ON
Customers Can Get Ragtime
or Classic Airs by Turn-
Four Big Steamships Are
Burned and Crews Un
accounted For.
Mukden Hears Alarm
ing News of Enemy's
Advance.
Unique Scheme De
vised by an Un
known Inventor.
Great Loss ol Life
and Property in
New York. I
RUSSIAN POSITIONS TAKEN
Japanese Renew the
Offensive and Drive
Slavs Back.
LIKE GAS
WILL MUSIC
BE SERVED
INCENDIARY
FIRE RAGES
ON WHARVES
FIGHTING Resumed on the Shakhe and Oyama Gams Ground
ELECTION BOARD ESCAPES
BY TIE VOTE OF JURORS
SANr francisco; friday;^October- 28-1904:
THE WEA^rHER.
Forecast made at San FraocUco fox
thirty hours endln* midnight, Oc
tober SS: San Francisco and
vicinity— Cloudy Friday, probably
Iipht rain by night; light south
erly wind. A. O. McADIE,. .'
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.
*: THE . THEATERS.
ALCAZAR — # *Tl»e ' Wilderness."
CALIFORNIA— ''Fritz and Snltz."
CENTRAL-f"Paul Kanvar."
COLUMBIA-^ 'San Toy." '
CHUTES-— Vaudeville. " /
MAJESTICr-"When We Were Twenty-
One."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TTVOLJ— — "Der RastelMnder."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 150.MARYSVILL.E,- . Oct. Oct. 2 7.-^-The
meeting - held 1 by \ the ¦.Republicans '-, in
Turner " Hall this ; evening," at f which
Governor ; George" C. '" Pardee r and'i'At-'
torney ' General i.U. ; " S.v ; Webb- were i the
principal - speakers,? was " an'V enthus
iastic . arcair.fi?. ; The ,'. hall i was a fil led » to
overflowing, many/ : prominent /citizens
of |both ; political |beingj-in ; at
tendance.^ '^Assembly i; Nominee I'. E. T.
Manwellfpresided.^i Governor .Pardee's
s^eech^waslforcefullariditolthelpbiht.'
Several ; times v , he i.was 1 interrupted, "i He
Governor '.and '^Attorney Gertcral De
:/ liver 'Acldresses" in Marys\-ille^ "
PARDEE AND WEBB.
Burglar gloried ' the * lock>off the ; rear
door :¦; of 'Michael iGarrity'a i"; stationery
store,;il 14 % vPolsom .^street; •;; .- shortly
after '] this "morning' and \ be
gan ¦ to ; ransack - the iplace.'iwhen* fire'
broke ; out. X r The^ blaze ' was .caused >by
aiV candle . which 7: the If. robbers ':- had
lighted. ', the i fire t was * acci
dental '^ or X* intentional : :'-. is -Va^i mystery;
jThe ; blaze ; was 'discovered • by?, two ' men
across i the istreetf^and . '; auickly -r ; ex
tinguished. \, The burglars . made ' their
escaper;-;,. <.' ¦\>;.'.l r J'-'i. : -_,:'^- : '*'l:-^
Fire Frightens Burglars.
Charlesf.W. -.Barker' tried to commit
suicide last night' by jumping from the
deck ; of the i steamer' Sausallto Into the
• Passengers" stopped; him before he
made ; the ¦ iatal ' plunge, and -¦ his life
was ; saved/?' Previously,* to; his attempt
at self -destrUttioh? he ''swallowed '-,. two
and-* a • half graihs'of^dpium. : On ; ar
rival of. the .'ferry boat on this side he
was j' taken; to* the \ Harbor Emergency
Hospital; .^r here.*: he {was pumped ; out
and is now Jbn ' the^ road-. to i recovery.'
Ho I is ; a "; bookkeeper.^' He : is' : 5 1 years
of age ; and) resides ;'at>l 34 ? Caselli \ av
enue. ; Despondency *¦ was * supposed * to
be the cause?of his'act^F -
Charles! IV. Barker -Attempts to Ijeap
r^FromVDeck ot Sausiallto, but Is
; " ¦;;¦; Stopped by iPassengprs.
S WALIiOWS-OPlCM"T AND THEN
[;:'. : '. ' TRIliS , TO JUMP. ilNTO BAY
In, the -Thirty-sixth Assembly j Dis
trict . a club was organized to ? advartce
the * interests; of - Eugene ;. E. ., Pf aeffle,
Republican nominee- for the' Assembly;
Henry N; Beattyiwas elected.pre«ldent. r
The candidate . addressed ' the" audience.
Speeches were' also T made by, : Fred 5 Eg
gers, 1 .Thomas"' J.l Murphy,','Antone' Maz
*eottl..'A.':B. -Mahany, F. < W.s Burnett
and 'Others.' *
Lapt night a club was formed In, the
Twenty-fourth.* Senatorial ;j District : to
promote the. election r or Philip J/. Has
kins. Republican nominee > for State
Senator." George Staeglich, was elected
president. ' Mr. Haskins and others ad
dressed the' meeting. ' i
Clubs * Formed.
- There were other speakers sched
uled, but Ferral was the last the audi
ence .would wait to ] hear. '...When • he
concluded the crowd found that, it
had had enough and' not even' the
band could hold it. '
The meeting was called to order by
William H. Kline, chief deputy as
sessor, who introduced- William '.M.
Cannon as chairman "of the evening.
In the audience was a liberal sprink
ling of the braves of the club that
Judge Fjerral said for years had kept
its doors* open and stood unflinchingly
by the principles of Jefferson^ in vic
tory and defeat. . .
Prior to the speech of Judge Ferral
Mr. Edelman explained the. course he
intended to pursue should : he reach
the legislative halls of the State. At
torney Edwin J. Hansen hit the beat
en path and hurled illustrious . names
and history < at the audience ; until his
time expired. - - . v .."
• Assistant District Attorney Robert
Ferral, the famous war horse of the
local Democracy, delivered his first
speech". of the campaign, at /Apollo
Hall, 810 Pacific street, last evening.
It was a meeting called by the Iro
quois Club to further , the candidacy
of Charles Edelman, Democratic can
didate for the Assembly* in the Forty
fourth District. Judge Ferral. was
warmly -received by his friends ' of
years, and as in many campaigns of
the past . roused the audience to en
thusiasm. ¦ ' .. - 4s£Bi
.The local'.band". serenaded Congress
man Needham 'at 'Ithe'i hotel:, early .' to
night and i tti«L streets ? were ; kept alight
with red 5 fire Aintira late hour. ' ; -^
SANTA: CRUZ, Oct. 27.—Congress
man Needham to-night made: his last
speech in the coast cities of his dis
trict and leaves to-morrow for the in
land towns. He will speak at Hollls
ter to-morrow night and from there
will go to Tracy, Lodl and Stockton.
, The opera-house here was jammed
to-night ; and i hundreds turned away.
Before the meeting all the Civil War
veterans *' of r Santa Cruz,'/ wearing
Grand Army.; uniforms, turned ; out
and paraded the streets behind a band
In honor of - Congressman Needham.
Besides Needham the meeting was ad
dressed by? Seward : A. Sims of New
York and .George : C. Cleveland, Re
publican candidate, for. the "Assembly;
Needham's" visit much "en
thusiasm ? and many; Democrats called
on" him to give - ; him personal ; assur
ance of their support Tat the polls.'.The
crowd . was = most' 'enthusiastic and : r the
speakers jwere so-frequently..lnterupt
ed by applause that the \ meeting last
ed until a late" hour." :', Few left and ¦ for.
every one f that gotTout' dozens tried to
squeeze I In. v\The ", indications ; are ; that
Monterey .and ; Santa { ' Clara {counties
will ; give : unprecedented majorities for
Roosevelt /and • Needham. ¦¦jgjggjfig&H
Old Soldiers ot, Santa Cruz Parade in
His Honor.
VETERANS GREET NEEDHAM.
FERRAL MAKES A SPEECH:
Misery is about the only real enjoy
ment a pessimist has.
cago, where two charges, one of arson
and one of arson ¦ with intent to de
fraud insurance companies, were pend
ing against him.'; Bonds were signed
by his. friends and the hearing, was
continued to November 5.
i^Other^divorces were ' granted by
Judge. Graham to Martha A. Hartlng
from , George M.;, Harting for neglect
and by Judge 'Slbsa to Anna A. Torn
roth-from;'Werner Tbrnroth for de
eertidn.>- :'~ 'i^Zf-xYz ?¦ - % "
Suits for.' divorce were filed by Rose
J! [ Farmer, agalhst v Robert H. . Farmer,'
neglect; : Margaret* M-i Rester - against
Paul;-Rester, : desertion;4-Allce Palmer
against " Edward-'* Palmer, cruelty;
Christina Melcher,:' against Amos
Melcher, cruelty,^- 'Melcher is an up
hplsforer, at "2116 CPillrhOre i street and
earns UB0 a m6nth??;Hls .wife asks for
$ 7 5 a , month' alimony. » f '-• <¦"
Twenty^nve dollars a month of the
earnings of George M. Purnell, a vo
cal music • teacher,. Will§ now • go • to
ward the support of his wife, Es
tella, and their 3-year-old son/ whom
he deserted a year .ago.. They "were
married at Haywards in January, 1900,
and, according. to evidence given yes
terday, he preferred the society of
other women and ;spent his money
upon some . of his attractive pupils.
Judge Graham' granted" Mrs. 'Purnell
a divorce. : ' '
Judge Sloss granted a divorce to
Stannie Wilke from R. G., Wilke, a
real estate dealer, on account of the
husband's habitual intemperance^
Alimony, of $50 a month for eighteen
months'. was awarded the wife and af
;ter, I that " time she shall receive the
same sum for the education of their
son: >' a ;K. : ' . ; '¦
Music Teacher Deserted Family— Real
Estate Man's Intemperance
Cause of Decree.
WASHINGTON, Oct.. 27. — Victor J.
Repetto has been appointed postmas
ter at Big Oak Flat, Tuolumne Coun
ty: Mary B. Dressell has, been ap
pointed - postmaster at Lamirado, and
William T. Sheridan has been appoint
ed postmaster at Deadwood, Cal.
Xew California Postmasters..
DIVORCE AND ALJMONY
: v<; FOR WIPE OP VOCALIST
HEALDSBURG, Oct. 27.— I*. J. Hall
has applied to the Superior Court for
a judgment declaring the deed he
gave to Henry Fox as security for a
loan of $13,000 a mortgage and not an
absolute conveyance - of the realty
named in the document. Hall claims
that when the deed was. made In 1896
it was intended only as security for the
loan, and that as he has paid the in
terest on the indebtedness and is able
to pay the principal Fox should be
compelled to surrender it. He says
Fox declines to do so.
Asks Judgment of Court.
We beg to acknowledge receipt of your
communication 'of the 26th Inst.! and ' will be
pleased " to receive your ' reports as ' indicated.
Yours respectfully, - -
THE MERCHANTS 1 ASSOCIATION OF SAN
FRANCISCO,
L. M. KINO, ANDREW M. DAVIS,
. : SECRETARY. VICE PRESIDENT.
The following persons are improperly -regis
tered from Nos. S22 and 622^ Pine street,
as they do not reside there. These two num
bers are entrances to a Japanese lodging
house. The persons whose registration ! is thus
criticized are as follows: John Sheer Carpen
ter, " aged 38; Charles Robert Clark, ¦ aged 22;
William Henry Oande. aged 38; Seymour Her
bert, aged 43; William James Hogan, aged 32;
George Thomas. Lovick, , aged 40; Matthew
Lynch, aged 24; Louis Richard Manner, aged
32; James E. Mullen, aged 33; David Burt
Manson, aged 28; Clifford Morton, aged 23;
William' James McLeod, aged - 39; James
Joseph Smith, aged 23; Floyd Carlln Tomp
kins, aged 35; Isaac Wilson, aged 39; L.llburn
Edward Yates, aged 2T; James Harvey Wood
ward, aged 22. ! ¦ >
We would, therefore, request that you' cite~
the persons whose names are given above to
appear before the Honorable Board of Elec
tion* Commissioners to show cause why their
names should not be canceled from the great
register. ¦ t. •
• The Merchants' Association of San
Francisco has addressed the following
supplemental letter concerning- 'illegal
registration to the Registrar of Voters
and Election Commissioners:
San Francisco, Oct. 27. — George P. Adams,
Esq., Registrar of Voters of the City and
County of San Francisco — Dear . Sir: In ad
dition to the list we sent you the other. day.
with our communication of the 23th Inst.,
we would call your atttention'to the Informa
tion which we have received as to the fol
lowing persons whom we are told are Illegally
registered because they do not reside . at the
places from which they are registered: Charles
Higsun. aged 35; Andrew J. Mllllken, aged
46; Paul G. F. Schmidt,' aged 35; Ethan Allen,
aged 44, and Patrick Joseph Curtin, aged 33,
are illegally registered from No. 520 Bush
street, as none of these parties reside, there.
Joseph Frederick Smith Is registered from
No. 625% Pine street, which is undoubtedly
an Illegal registration as this number is • a
iewelry shop occupied ty Japanese.
Paul Mercier i» improperly registered from
No. <52S Pine street, as he does not reside
there. . r s '
Supplemental Letter on -the Subject of
.Illegal Registration. '¦•>'¦'.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
The Republicans of Lorin" will hold
a mass meeting Saturday evening at
Lorin Hall. Colonel T. V. Eddy, Sen
ator G. R. Lukens and Assemblyman
William H. Waste will be among the
speakers.
The Democratic County Central
Committee has opened its county cam
paign, a meeting having been held
to-night at Niles. H. C. McPike, the
Democratic candidate for - Congress,
was the principal; speaker. Other
scheduled meetings are as follows:
October 28, Pleasanton; October 29,
Livermore; . November .3,.. Hay wards,
San Leandro ; November ; 4, . Decoto ;
Nove'mber 5^ Centerville and Oakland.
Joseph R. Knowland,'. the Republi
can nominee for Congress from the
Third ' District, urged his hearers, to
see to it that all of the Republican
candidates were elected. He declared
that he was satisfied the people of the
Third District, ¦ with those of the
nation, had .decided to "stand pat".
and to stay with the party that had
been in great measure responsible for
the unparalleled prosperity. of the na
tion.
Lincoln S. Church made an . elo
quent oration on the achievements of
the Republican party.
The Boys' Roosevelt Club has been,
organized at 217. Twelfth street, the
officers being: President, Walter: Mur
ry; vice president, James Robinson;
secretary, Lawrence Parish; treasurer,
Basil Crowley. -.'• . » ,
OAKLAND, Oct. 27.— Republicans
at Pleasanton last night held a rous
ing campaign ; meeting, Nevis'- Pavilion
being .crowded. ..Dr. ,W. H. Cope in
troduced T. W. Harris as chairman.
C. F. Horner, nominee for re-election
as Supervisor," was given- a- cordial
welcome and was roundly applauded
for, his .speech. E. ,K. Strowbridge,
candidate for " the 'Assembly from the
Forty-sixth District, was received en
thusiastically, as was John G. Mattos,
candidate for State Senator.
Lively Meeting Held at Pleasanton.
Rally Scheduled at Lorin. i
REPUBLICANS ACTIVE.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.-r-The follow
ing Calif ornlans arrived* here to-day:
' From San Francisco— Mrs. Clay
burg, at the Grenobles; the Misses
Downing and Mrs. C. Downing, at the
St. Denis; A. A. Ehrenpfort and C.
P. Hansett. at. the St. George; L. W.
Knight, at the Earllngton; Miss F. M.
Nace at the Park .Avenue; /H. H.
Petty .and wife, at the. Criterion; H.
Wreden, at the Cosmopolitan; S. C.
Abbott, at the, Broadway Central; F.
Dunn and- wife.. at the Cumberland; J.
B. Harries, at the Broadway. Central;
S. Holmes and wife, at the .Vendome;
W. F. Stafford, at the Astor.
From Los Angeles — P. Foros. at the
Hotel Astor; Mtes A. M. Howell. at
the Criterion; -E. Kuns. at the Cosmo
politan; C* Lanx.'at the Astor House;
J. Maler. S. Maier and wife, at the
Hotel Astor.
Californians in New York.
Bopp has' taken apartments at.' the
Augustine, on Post ' street and " will
shortly be joined by his family.
Franz Bopp has arrived in San
Francisco from Montreal, Canada, to
assume his duties as German Consul
General^ in this "city. " Adolph Rosen
thai, the former Consul General, has
been granted an extended leave *of ab
sence, and-; * the ¦ supposition is that
Bopp's appointment, now temporary,
will later be made permanent. Bopp
;has had ' more' than twelve years' ex
perience in the. German Consular sys
tem.' For five years he was. German
vice Consul at" Chicago, and for a
year he served in a like capacity in
New York. From there he was trans
ferred to Montreal, Canada, where his
jurisdiction included the entire Domin
ion. He' remained at Montreal -for
over six years and comes to San Fran
cisco direct from there.
During his term of service in Cana
da Bopp has had to contend with some
of the most important problems in the
history of the trade relations" between
Germany and the Dominion. A tariff
war, brought - about;*'; according- to
Bopp's view of the mattery by Cham
berlain's policy, of imperial protection;
has -been • waged with the , result ' jthat
the I Dominion now imposes - a*- surtax
on .goods imported from" Germany.. > :
' In- regard ; to reciprocity/ between .the.
United States and Canada, the- hew
Consul says the agitation is mostly, on
the part of the border States of Amer
ica. In Canada the desire for special
trade treaties has declined of .late
years." ' *\ -
Fraiut- Bopp, Former German Consul
General at Montreal, Arrives
From tlie East.
HERE TO RELIEVE
-'; ADOLPH ROSENTHAL
: "I ¦ started back , to the plant and had
gone only a- little way- when I saw
smoke coming from the exhibit , build
ing," .'said. Buck. "Iran all the -way
to the plant, -but the alarm had al
ready . been turned in."
¦ Perry's counsel to-day, declared that
no claim • for loss had been filed with
the insurance companies because no in
ventory of the company's assets had
been completed until last Saturday/but
that the delay in filing a claim had no
connection whatever with the develop
ment*, of arson charges. .; -¦-•.. .
• Late . in : the afternoon Perry and a
number, of his friends went to the court
room of Justice Callahan in South Chi-
Bock's testimony recited' that Perry
had peremptorily ordered' combustible
materials, such as cars, to be stored
among the buildings of the plant, which
were of such construction and so sepa
rated that fire would scarcely "have
spread from one to another but for the
Intervening combustible matter.^Fri
day or Saturday; according to the * en
gineer, Perry ordered all. cars brought
in among the buildings, "so that no one
could get into ; them.',' . . • ...
Sunday, when r Perry , at the
plant, BockVwas sick.' - ~". \ - ;'> :
"Go homer you're , in .bad shape," said
Perry to Bock, ."according^to . evi
dence, but Bock, -recalling Baldwin's
warning, went through' the plant with
his employer. "Well; I've onlyl'a r little
figuring to do now,*' Perry is alleged to
have . said; '."You go on to \ the doctor
and get a headache" powder, and I'll
meet you at the station."
. When Bock reached the station Perry
was not in sight.. : Running back to the
plant; he 'searched through } two' build
ings and^ finally met Perry coming .out
of a third building. They went to the
station and Perry took the train.
- FIRE SUDDENLY STARTS.
CHICAGO,; Oct. 27.— Evidence of in-,
cendiarlsm In connection, with the Chi
cago Car and Locomotive Works fire
at Hegewisch, leading practically up
to the point when the match was ap
plied, is in . the . hands of ' Corporation
Counsel Tolman. Another sensational,
feature of the case that developed to
day is the discovery that I. N. Perry,
president of : the National Bank of
North America, has filed with the in
surance companies no claim for any
portion of the $172,000 insurance carried
on the plant." The evidence given be
fore Fire Attorney Johnson and made
public to-day contains testimony from
Frank Bock, engineer of ' the Chicago
Car and Locomotive 'Works, who also
reports a talk he had with L. H. Bald
win, former president of the company.
Baldwin, according to the evidence,
said that Perry _; had applied for in
creased ir surance greatly overstating
the actual value of the plant. The en
gineer tPt'tifled that' Baldwin had told
him of this and repeatedly warned him
to be on his guard. \ ;
"Those inflated values mean dome
thing. Guard that plant as you w6nld
your life. Don't let any one In the
buildings alone, not even Perry/; was
the warning given by" Baldwin on an
occasion, according to the engineer."
COMBUSTIBLES MOVED. .'
Former/Senator Mason of Chicago
and National Committeeman Akin of
Missouri accompanied Senator Fair
banks to-day and made 1 brief addresses
at many points. To-morrow wlllalso
be devoted to Missouri. On Saturday
night the Senator will speak, at Cin
cinnati.
SPRINGFIELD. Mo.. Oct. 27.—
From ' the bants of the Mississippi
River at Hannibal. Mo.. Senator Fair
banks' special' train to-day 'swept
through the of Missouri to the
Ozark Mountains, concluding a' day of
hard' campaigning with a speech be
fore a" great crowd at Springfield. The
speaking at' this point took place in a
tent, which "was packed with an en
thusiastic audience.
Republican Candidate Addresses Big
Meeting In Springfield, Mo.
FAIRBANKS' SPEAKS IN V TENT
He Tells of the Financier's
"Presence in Buildings
'but Short Time Before
the Flames Broke Forth
SECOND DISTRICT.
Duncan E. McKinlay, the able and
popular nominee for Congress in the
Republicans of Brentwood and sur
rounding country rallied night before
last to hear the eloquent John F. Davis
and the persuasive Charles M. Belshaw.
It is predicted that Roosevelt and Bel
shaw will carry Contra Costa County
by 900 majority. '
Julius Kahn is conducting an enter
prising and effective campaign in the
Fourth District. Yesterday afternoon
at the railroad yards, Fourth and
Berry streets, he spoke to a large
throng of men. In -the evening he
addressed an open air meeting at
Tenth and Harrison'streets, and spoke
to a large audience. Cheers greeted
the nominee at every place. Mr. Kahn
utters no words derogatory to the
Democratic nominee. He : quotes the
records and cites facts showing what
Republican rule has done for the
country in the line of affording em
ployment and living compensation to
the workers. He compares the wages
of to-day with the scant wages paid
when the Democrats held the reins
of Government.
Yesterday the wage workers of the
Western Refinery, through the court
esy of Manager Richard Spreckels,
had the pleasure of meeting and con
versing with the Republican candidate
lor Congress in the Fifth District- Mr.
Hayes, accompanied by H. J. Angels,
fhid a visit to that great manufactory,
and it was late in the day before his
visit ended. Not one of the. eleven
hundred workmen failed to meet and
Fh.ike hands with the \isitor. Many
of them talked with him over the po
litical situation and the outcome,
evincing a great desire to have a-con
tinuance of the present administra
tion. Belief that Roosevelt would be
elected and the Republican majority
in the House increased was expressed.
There was no place in the great
buildings, from cellars to the roofs,
that was not visited, so that every
man had the opportunity to meet, and
did meet, the Advocate of their cause.
Mr. Hayes was much pleased with his
reception and left the place with as
surances of support. It was noted in
the conversation of the men after
ward 1 that the fear of hard times fol
lowing a change of administration is
one of the strong incentives to keep
Republicans in line and to bring all
others into the ranks. The business
depression of 1893 and the ensuing
misery of the laboring classes has had
Its effect. A repetition of such a pe
riod is not desired.
FOURTH DISTRICT.
There will be three spirited rallies in
San Francisco to-night. Julius Kahn.
nominee for Congress, Fourth District,
and Frank P. Flint of Los Angeles,
candidate for United States Senator,
will Epeak at Pioneer Hall. E. A. Hayes,
Republican nominee for Congress,
Filth District; State Senator Frank
French and John S. Partridge will dis
cuss the questions of the hour at Silk's
HaH. Precita avenue and Mission
street. :; * .;.* YaV
State Senator Charles M. Shortridge,
K. A. Hayes, Julius Kahn and Senator
Richard J. Welch will address a Joint
meeting of Thirty-first and Thirty-
Becond District voters at the Potrero
Opera-house, 327 Tennessee street.
To-morrow evening, under the aus
pices of the German-American Republi
can Club, a mass meeting will be held
at the Alhambra Theater, to be pre
sided over by C. B. Rode, assisted by
M. J. Waldheimer. The speakers will
be E. ... Hayes, Julius Kahn, Thomas
D. B. Dozier Ca magnetic orator from
Shasta County), George H. Myers and
D. L. Soloman. There will be especially
pood'cinglng and music. They will have
but one German speech during the
evening: all the remaining speeches
will be in English.
F1TTH DISTRICT.
The prospects of a great Republican
triumph in California are bright and
growing brighter, yet the campaign
managers are keeping In mind the dan
ger of overconfidence. The assurances
of success in every Congressional dis
trict in the State have not" caused the
committee to diminish effort. The work
in behalf of the nominees is pressed
with vigor.just as It would be pressed
if even' district were doubtful.
During the closing week of the con
test an army of able Republican speak
ers will visit the Democratic strong
holds with a view of enlisting the sup
port of farmers, workmen and business
men generally in the caufie of protec
tion to the products of California. The
remark was made at party headquar
ters yesterday: "We propose to carry
the war into the Democratic camp. We
are ready to send our nominees to
every place and proclaim our principles
in every precinct. Counties hitherto
Democratic will be in the Republican
column on the 8th of November."
RALLIES IX THE CITY.
Second District, was. in 5an Francisco
a few hours yesterday, having Just re
turned from a remarkable tour of Men
docino and, Lake counties,; where he
broke all records for fast 'traveling by
day and night. Vast audiences assem
bled to cheer him and listen to his-mas
terly discussion .of living topics. . He
will speak to-night at Fair Oaks. To
morrow night the Republicans of Glenn
County will give a great demonstration
in his honor at Willows. The State Cen :
tral Committee is assured of Republi
can gains in Lake . and Mendocino.
Round Valley is reported all right." All
that was needed to put I voters in line
for Roosevelt and McKinlay.. was the
publication of. the complete. text of the
Round Valley bill which Congressman
Bell attempted to pass during the clos
ing hours of the last session. The
speakers clearly presented the fact that
the bill which the Democratic paper of
Ukiah published was not the bill which
Belltried to ring up. The text of the
suppressed bill provoked surprise and
indignation.
Reports are coming to the State com
mittee from Sacramento that the Dem
ocrats are trying to save Bell by cir
culating the . report that the canteen
at the State Soldiers' Home was not
closed down, but was simply placed on
a footing with the canteen of the na
tional homes. The State committee
promptly gives out the correct informa
tion that It is not lawful under the pro
visions of the Bell amendment to sell a
drink of the purest California wine or
even a glass of beer on the State Home
grounds. The canteen at the National
Home, Santa Monica, is in full Wast.
The prohibition in this State applies
only to the home situated in the dis
trict which Bell in 1902 was elected to
represent. The prohlbition,press praises
Bell for wiping out twenty saloons with
one stroke of legislation... ,
The Prohibition State. Central Com
mittee announces a meeting at Acad
emy of Sciences . Hall,*, San Francisco,
this evening. Rev. A.- C. Bane will be
the chief speaker. He will speak on the
topic, "Why the Saloons Should Be
Eliminated." The , final ~ grand rally of
the Prohibitionists of San Francisco,
Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley will
take place Friday, November 4.
A brilliant torchlight parade, headed
by the Roosevelt Republican Legion
and a brass band, marched through the
principal streets and escorted the
guests of honor to the hall. The meet
ing was presided over -by Alfred Hol
man, editor and publisher of the Sac
ramento Record-Union, who read
a letter from Judge Albert ' G.
Burnett of Santa Rosa express T
ing his regrets that sickness
prevented him from speaking in behalf
of Duncan E. McKinlay, who, he de
clared, deserved the vote of every Re
publican in the district and, If elected,
would- make the best representative
this district ever sent to Washington. .
Senator Perkins was warmly ap
plauded when he arose to speak. He
said that all good citizens should have
one object in view, namely: to secure
for the country, good laws and good
government. The party that we should
be interested in, he said, should be the
party that does the most good. The
people of. this country have tried both
parties. In 1893 a Democratic President
was elected/ and hard times followed.
The people /ound they had made a mis
take and. when the Republicans came
into power again, In 1897," prosperity
followed. Senator Perkins then took
up the issues of the campaign and in
an eloquent address plainly pointed out
the strength of the Republican policy. . .
E. Myron Wolfe made an effective
appeal' for the Republican candidates
and . especially for Duncan E. • McKin
lay, the Republican ' nominee for Con
gressman from this district.- ,
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 27.— The Re
publican demonstration that greeted
United States Senator George C. Per
kins In this city to-night indicates that
the Republican majority in Sacramento
County on November 8 will be over
whelming. Fcrr the third time in this
campaign the spacious hall of the Old
Pavilion was filled to overflowing with
enthusiastic Republican voters, who
cheered themselves hoarse when the
names' of Roosevelt and Fairbanks or
of Congressional Candidate Duncan E.
McKinlay were mentioned by the
speakers. Senator George C. Perkins
arid E. Myron Wolfe, State Insurance
Commissioner, were the principal
speakers at the meeting. _ •
. Captain, F. L. Winn, who has been
absent in the north inspecting target
ranges,- will resume his duties as aid
to General MacArthur, relieving Capr
tain J. J. Bradley, who has been act
ing temporarily in that capacity.
Captain Henry C. Four*
teenth Infantry, now stationed in the
Philippines at Samar, who has been
lying at death's door after an opera
tion for appendicitis, is on the roa4
to recovery.
•The new tennla court Just complet
ed in the Tenth Infantry cantonment
will be formally opened to-morrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock. The crack
players of the post will take part.
Major "Van Vliet and Captain Jewell
will be on one side and their oppo
nents will be Lieutenant O'Hara and
Dr. Shepard."—. _. ¦¦•- .*,. t^ i^.^.».
Dr. Charles P. Craig has returned
from the St. Elizabeth General Hos
pital for the Insane at Washington,
where he had safely delivered the pa
tients he took from here. Only one
subject gave him trouble. That was
ex-Pugilist Hall, a private in the I*.
t antry. Hall was taken with attacks*
of epilepsy in the Philippines, which
resulted in a mild form of insanity.
Possessed of great muscular po,wer he
was doubly strong when laboring un
der insane attacks. On the way East
he informed one of .the guards in a
confidential manner that when they
arrived at Chicago he was going to
make a big break for liberty. Dr.
Craig was apprised of this, and know
ing the enormous power of the man,
he decided to control him by will
power rather than by force of arms-
He pointed out the results of any at
tempt at a wild break or to overp<ywer
the guards, and after a strenuous talk
succeeded in quieting his patient and
landed him safely at the hospital. " -
The Twenty-eighth Infantry, in
command of Colonel W. L. Pitcher, is
now scheduled to leave the Presidio on
Monday. November 7, provided the
Twenty-first Infantry, which is dae to
arrive, at this post on Nevember 6i
comes in on time.
The infantry troops at the Presidio
under command of Colonel W. JL.
Pitcher will give dres3 parade and
review to-day at 4 o'clock and every
day- next week at the same hour ex
cept Saturday and Sunday. . . _ The
troops are in excellent condition and
the parade i3 an Interesting affair.
The splendid band of the Twenty
eighth Infantry plays before and dur
ing the parade. Next week win be
the last opportunity of seeing the
Twenty-eighth and hearing the band.
The construction of the rifle range
at Rodeo will begin immediately after
the provisional battalion of the Thir
teenth Infantry, under command of
Captain William Black, has finished
its practice there. This will take about
three weeks. The work is to be done
under supervision of Lieutenant W. H.
Patterson. Twenty-eighth Infantry,
who has been appointed by General
MacArthur for this detail. The labor
of the reconstruction will be. per
formed by 100 military prisoners, now
at Alcatraz Island. They will be tak
en over to Rodeo, placed in a big
stockade and guarded by companies of
the Thirteenth Infantry during their
sojourn there.
• "the case grows out of a delay of
about six weeks' duration In the ship
ment of a consignment of 200 tons of
lead which the trading company had
Bold to the Japanese Government, bud-
Ject to the conditions that there should
be no excessive delay, in its delivery.
It was carried from New York to Ta
coma, Wash., by the Northern Pacific
Company, but after it bad been loaded
on a connecting steamer, a United
States revenue collector refused to Is
sue clearance papers to the vessel with
the lead, on the ground that it was con
traband. Delay ensued and when the
lead reached' its destination the war
had closed. Consequently, Japan re
fused to receive the consignment at the
agreed price and the trading company
was compelled to accept $11,000 instead
of $38,000, the price first agreed on.
The company also asks an award of
damages equal to the - difference, and
the case turns on the question as to
whether the shipment was properly
prohibited and, if bo, whether the rail
road company was responsible for the
prohibition. The trial court decided
the case in favor of the railroad com
pany, but that decision was reversed
by the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. .
The case was presented by C. W.
Bunn of St. Paul, general counsel for
the Northern Pacific, and F. B. Jen
nings of. New York for the trading
company.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27.— The United
States Supreme Court has been asked
to decide whether pig lead is contra
band of war. and the auestioti was
argued before "that tribunal to-day.
The controversy "arose 1S94 during
the war between" Japan and China and
the parties to It are the Northern Pa
cific Railway Company and the Ameri
can Trading Company.
spoke upon national issues. He urged
the citizens to vote for Duncan E. Mc-
Kinlay for.l Congress in the Second
District. "At the close of : his; splendid
address he was given rousing cheers.
Webb made^a stirring appeal for
the election of McKinlay to Congress.
He told : of McKinlay's ability and the
good' he colild accomplish for the
State and this district. Webb also
discussed the national issues.
CHEERING NEWS FROM THE INTERIOR
Special Dispatch to The Call
Senator Perkins Makes Forceful Speech in
Behalf of ; Party Leaders. ;
Hayes and Kahn Address
the Wage- Workers of City
Action Growing Out of the
Japanese-Chinese -War Is
Up for Its Final Hearing
Colonel Pitcher and His
Command of. Infantry at
Post in Farewell Drills
OLD SUIT
APPEALED
TKOOPS PARADE DAILY
TESTIMONY GIVElSr :
BY THE ENGINEER
Formal Charges Are Placed
Against I. N. Perry, the
Chicago Banker, Growing
Out of Car Plant Blaze
Enthusiasm of the Capital City Voters Aroused
United States Supreme Court
Case Depends on Whether
It Is Contraband or Not
SACRAMENTO REPUBLICANS SHOW
STRENGTH AT MAMMOTH MEETING
KMe Eange at Bodeo Is
to Be Reconstructed by
Convicts. From Akatraz
Brilliant Campaign to Meet Con
gressmen Holds Attention.
EVIDENCE
OF ARSON
INCREASES
STATUS OF PIG
LEAD DISPUTED
WORK ASSIGNED
TO PRISONERS
REPUBLICAN ORATORS ENTER STRONGHOLDS OF DEMOCRACY
THE: SAN' FRANGISGO^CALIi;:> FRIDAY-^OCTOBER 28, 1904.
Picture ' Frames.
v'.iPur,i Eastern \ selection *: of • frames 'and
moldings \ f dr j f all - trade j now.-: in. ; Better
and? more \ beautiful ';' than ".fever ): before.
Sanborn.VVail & Co. v " ' :,.:•.^
2
12 ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c I u s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
No Branch Store*. No Agents.
HIGH E S T GRi'D E S
OP SMART 'CLOTHES
ARE S HO W N HERE
IN OUR FALL MODELS.
CORRECT DRESSERS,
UNDERSTANDING STYLE,
A RE OUR 'PAT R 0 N S.
IC e a r n y S t t e e t
T h u r low Block,
. . ADVERTISEMIINTS. .
-."'.-¦ '¦'.¦¦ 'Q JjlnC ¦ H ¦ » \ • : n^- :: TkE
-:.¦;.¦ Jk £!£%$ \JU£U V^ m
and extra pants
We have the largest and ;^*^^-#^Si^^ '¦
finest boys' and youths' out-.
fitting department west of Chi- ©S^^^^S
cago. We want every mother
of boys in San Francisco to ll^^^^fflS
This is why we offer such }^m
unusual values* for Friday and gp$! "j^^-
This week we are selling two- c>tS §^HfejB
piece suits as pictured and -an.^^^^^|^^^^^p^^^'
extra pair of pants in the same ¦¦ : *^jffl$$f- M^^^^St^ *
Five pretty patterns to select from in ages 8 to ij years.
: If you have a boy who needs a school suit you can save
' .Calico and flannelette shirt, %A/4!V^fc %\ ST am\ We' carry the largest, stock
waists, sizes 4 to 13; blouses, VlJ^LrWWl Fl gl f A) H 3 S of boys* hats west of Chicago,
sizes "4. to 10; /good? quality, y^T-/,/ ¦ •¦'' ' "- y.y 1 'J^- ¦ -^ -^"^ -^^' \l -*"^ Any shape or color caiv be
I ; regular ~ !25c V values; special ' *~ ... . had for; 9Oc, $1.00, $UO or
j^i5c;v- ;/.:;-• :,;:^:.^.;;.;;| 740 Market Street $1.95. •-¦¦¦ ¦-He \ makes -out; of i life -who is
always on";the'make./ '
LONDON, Octr 27.— The failure of Ayleward
Brothers, „ stock , and - share brokerr, waa 'i an
nounced on : the j stock ; exchange ' to- dm/.
The preparations n.ade by the Gae
lic Dancing Club for the great Irish
ball to take place to-morrow night at
the Mechanics'. Pavilion are ; complete,
and the; affair promises to be one of
the dancing events of the year.
Hundreds of tickets 1 have been dis
posed of and the committees have been
working night : and .day to make "the
ball a : success. Rehearsals of special
dances have been held during the last
fortnight and the members of Com
pany A, Irish Volunteers, have agreed
t'j act as ushers.'
Many of the dancers .will be attired
in Gaelic costume, while - an interest
ing feature of the evening. will, be the
attendance- of many children." ; Prizes
for the ladies who sell the.: greatest
number of tickets will be -awarded. 7.
- The" following committees have had
.charge of the affair: y
"Arrangements—^Joseph P.'-!.- Kelleher - '(chair-"
man), P. J. Madlgan (treasurer)," P. H. Lon-~
erran (secretary) ; press and printing — Peter
McGUnchey (chairman). ¦ B; Jr Sylver.c Patrick
J. Crowe. Timothy Lucey. - J. = Fitxgarald. P."
Lonergan.\ Miss 'Katie .. Tobln, . .Miss > Molly
Lynch.- Miss M." Cloherty; music— -J.rJ.' O'Con-*
nell (chairman), M. ' Deasy. t:~ M. " Mclnemey ; '
floor — Joseph P. Kelleher (floor manager), i Pat
rick J. Crowe » (flrst assistant), B. ¦ J. Syive-r
(second: assistant).' P.* Lonergan,* M. Dea»y,' P.*
J. Madlgan, T. = Lucey. J. J. O'Connell" Frank
Magee, Martin Finn, James ' Smith, ¦ Miss Josle
Egan. Miss Lizzie Egan, Miss K.tTbbhV Miss :
M. Lynch, : Mrs. McMahon; : reception — Peter
McGUnchey. M. Mclnerney. "J. Sheehan, ¦» J.1
Fitzgerald, Captain Filgate. ; H. - Bugler, . Mr. 1 '
McDevitV M. Connolly. T. Mahoney," P. Kelle- i
her,.,, H. McKenna,. Peter • Cannon, ' P;>- Rock,*
Mls«ei-M.f ClobertyJ*M.':' Keating/'. A;"; Murray,
B. <Durkin, ¦- Lizzie Crowe, M. O'Malley, M.
Stlckleson, Maggie Woods. Katie Dillon, Han
nah McCarthy, - Rose Connolly, . Mr. - Delauney,
Mamie Smith, : E. i Barry. > Bessie Allen,'.; Hazel '
Allen, : Maggie *_ Kerwln, ;-. Mrs. " P. - Rock. : Misses'
Margaret ' O'Connor, ¦ Winnie ' Currant Mary < To- ¦
bin,' Margaret O'Shea,'<i. Delia Lydon, * Colonel
R.- C. O'Connor.* Hon. , Michael Casey,' R.;Drl»
coll and J.- Mulhearn. •'iS&aSKig'Wf* 1
Many Hundreds of. Erin's Sons, and
Daughters Will 'Attend the Dance
To-Morrow Night. . . , :
A suit to enjoin the city from ac
cepting the forty Standard voting
machines contracted for in July was
commenced yesterday afternoon and
bears the earmarks of having been in
stigated in the interests of an opposi
tion machine. The plaintiff is E. T.
Harvey, member of a firm of : manu
facturers' agents. The attorneys are
Reid & Nusbaumer. Harvey puts
himself forward as a taxpayer bent
upon saving the city from paying $650
each for the forty machines. The de
fendants are the Election Commis
sioners, the Board - of Supervisors,
Mayor Schmitz, Registrar of Voters
George P. Adams* and the United
States Standard Voting Machine Com
pany of New York. '
,-.i The attorneys first . called upon
Judge Lawlor with a request for a
temporary restraining orders They
.were referred to Judge Sloss, who de
nied ' the ; application , on the , ground
that a restraining order should not is
sue upon a complaint based upon "in
formation and belief." The Judge
also said that" the: taxpayer could not
beMnterested in . preventing the ac
ceptance of the machines so long as
they were : not paid for.
The complaint- not only, asked that
the acceptance be enjoined, but that
the officials be prohibited, fronv paying
anything to the manufacturers.- It was
alleged that the Standard machines tio
not comply with' the contract nor, with
the State ; voting i machine law in '. four
specified ; particulars. i '^, ,
. Judge Sloss issued an."brder,to show
cause why^the injunction -should not
be granted.^ .' It is returnable on . Mon
day morning.
Suit Begun to Enjoin Acceptance . of
Forty Devices Contracted For
by the City.- ,
WILL HOLD IRISH BALIi
AT MECHANICS' PA VIMON
TRY TO STOP PAYMENT
FOR NEW VOTING MACHINES
SUE . FOR RENT.— Alice Phelan Sullivan
and Mary L». Phelan yesterday sued Armand
Collleau-and Gustave; Berson for $2000. they
having gone, surety for that amount for pay
ment of the rent of Jean Cazeaux of two
floors at S50 Market street. The tenant Is
behind $2100.
Veteran Actor Passes Away.
/ BOSTON. Oct. 27. — William Mc-
Avoy, an old time actor, who played
under Edwin Booth for several years,
died at his home in Roxbury to-day,
seed 67 years. i
Carries' Orders 'to Fleet.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 27. — With special
and urgent ordera the torpedo-boat de
stroyer. Paul Jones left the harbor be
fore daylight this morning bound for
Magdalena Bay. Her orders are that
if the Pacific fleet has left Magrdalena
rhen she arrives she is to follow down
the coast until the fleet is overhauled. "
A New Art Gallery.
We have converted our picture room
into a beautiful art gallery for the exhi
bition and sale of moderate priced paint
ings, water colors, pastels, etchings ana
fine photographs. Inspection cordially
invited. Sanborn, Vail & Co. BS9K2IB
The first address of today's ses
sion was made by C. B. Boothe of Los
Angeles, Cal., chairman of the Board of
the National Irrigation Association, on
"The Responsibility of the New .West
to. the Nation." Boothe said in part:
The people of the whole country are only
just beginning to realize the truth that • in
many of the Western States and Territories
there is a vast amount of arid national domain
which, though dry and unproductive, has a
soil of fabulous richners an-*, if Irrigated would
become a eouroe of untold . wealth. In many,
places it was known to be Impossible to re
claim thesa lands by bringing water upon
them, and the desert land act was passed by
Congress with the avowed object of making
them ' productive and adapting them ' to the
homes of settlers who would go upon them.'
The fact is now realized by the most Intelli
gent leaders of the nation that this law has
proved to be a failure in its operation and
ought to be repealed without delay.
The greatness of the West, of its oppor
tunities, of- its -privileges, ought to- make,"
and has made, strong, sturdy. Intelligent, hope
ful and enterprising men. You can fln<* : in
the reclaimed arid lands communities that
will ¦ bear favorable comparison wltlf any. of
the Union. I ask the leaders and the> people
of the West if such an empire, with such po
tentialities, 1« not worthy of their high
est endeavor and most patriotic devotion?
In all this commendable effort for river im
provement It must be borne in mind that the
consequent increased prosperity of this great
Western country will benefit not only the peo
ple of tho present day, I but also the genera
tions to come, even as the people of Holland
and In the Valley of the Po are now sharing
in the benefits of work Inaugurated centuries
ago.
are fully alive to the situation and are ready
to put fortii their concentrated energies to fol
low out the comprehensive pian that will be
devised by the commlPFion of engineers, laying
asldfr individual and local prejudices, an it is
generally conceded that in no other way can
the improvement of rivers and the reclamation
of lands be successfully carried out.
It is gratifying to know that the people of
California and especially those more directly
Interested In the improvement of these rivers,
The river improvement in California now
inaugurated i» the outcome of a convention
held in San Francisco irv May last that was
prompted by the heavy floods in the San Joa
quin and Sacramento valleys during the
months of March and April preceding — floods
that caused damage estimated at several mil
lion dollars. This convention was attended
by mere than four hundred delegates and ad
dresses were made by many prominent men
upon the subject of reclamation, river improve
ment and drainage. As a result of this con
vention there was formed the River Improve
ment and Drainage Association of California.
A commission of engineers was appointed,
made up of some of the moct prominent men in
the profession, who had had wide experience in
dealing with river problems. This commission
has been at work in California for some time,
and is now about completing Its labors. It Is
anticipated that the report of this commission
will point out a way to Improve and control
the rivers of- California, so that the danger
from floods will be averted, the rivers made
available for navigation and a van area of
land reclaimed.
That part of the San Joaquin Valley lying
along the lower San Joaquin River is termed
the Holland of America for the reason that this
vast area of land, which Va6 formerly covereJ
with tide water, and on whoee deeper chan
nels ocean vessels plied In the early days
of California, has been reclaimed by means
of dykes and canals following methods similar
to those employed in Holland. A peculiar fea
ture of this territory la that the land level,
in many cases. Is from fifteen to twenty fest
below the surface of the canalF. This land
is as fertile as any in the world. Results
achieved from agricultural pursuits in this
region are in many cares almost incredible.
ASSOCIATION FORMED.
only overflow the banks of the Sacramento,
hut fiowln? Into the confluence of the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin crowd the waters of
the latter stream back. Tno plans now on
foot, however, provide for averting this dan
«cr. f.?j
HEAD OF THE CALIFORNIA PROMOTION COMMITTEE, WHO YESTERDAY
IN A SPEECH BEFORE THE THANS-MISSISSIPI'I CONGRESS TOLD OF
WEALTH TO COME TO THE STATE BY RECLAIMED RIVER LANDS.
NAPA, Oct. 27. — The Methodist
church of Napa will celebrate Its fif
tieth anniversary Sunday, October 30.
An all-day programme has been pre
pared. Addresses will be given by the
former pasters of the church, among
whom Are: Eli McCllsh, president of
the University of the Pacific; Rev.
John Coyle. presiding elder; Rev. E.
K. Willis, head of the Deaconesses'
Home of San Francisco; Rev. J. H.
N. Williams of San Francisco; Rev.
W. S. Urmy; Rev. Mr. Gober and Rev.
William Clifford. The anniversary ser
mon will be delivered by Dr. McClish.
Church Plans Celebration.
.STQCKTON. Oct.. 27. — A woman,
whose identity, has not been disclosed,
chose a sensational method of suicide
Monday "night on the steamer T. C.
Walker on the way to San Francisco.
Shortly after passing Black Slough,
the woman, who. was under the influ
ence of liquor, went, out" on thejleck
at the stern and after removifrg her
shoes Jumped directly into the rapidly
revolving wheel. " - v
. The strange woman is said to have
been "fairly well dressed, but nothing
has been learned regarding her iden
tity. The remains have not been re
covered.
Unknown Woman Leaps to Her Death
From Deck or a Stock- -
. ton Steamer.
WATERS OF BLACK SLOUGH
ENGULF RIVER TRAVELER
Jury Finds Boulder Creek Farmer
Took Life of Hfa Hired
Man Last July.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 27.— Thomas J.
Laws, a farmer, who waa tried for the
murder of Klizen Wright at Boulder
Creek on July 30 last, was found.guil
ty to-day of murder In the second de
gree. November 4 was set as the day
for sentence. Wright was an employe
of Laws.
CONVICTED OF MURDER
IN THE SECOND DEGREE
District Attorney Boyd received
word to-day that a boat had been
found drifting off Sausallto.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 27. — The bodies
of two unknown nien were found to
day floating off Angel Island, near
Fort McDowell. The bodies were
found at different" times of the day
and both by Italian fishermen. Ad
jutant McAllister of Fort McDowell
notified Coroner Sawyer, who brought
the bodies to San Rafael.
The first body found is that of a
man about 60 years of age. He was
evidently a seafaring man. His pock
ets contained an empty purse, a knife,
pipe, match safe, 15 cents in silver and
a clipping from the California Demo
krat of Monday telling of the suicide
of a man named Hoffman at the Ains
lee Hotel, San Francisco. The body
had been in the water two or three
days. The second body had been in
the water about a month and nothing
was found upon it to identify it.' A
shirt on the body bears the initials
"F. B."
Remains Are Found Floating Off An
. eel Island arid Are Taken Charge '
Of by Marln's Coroner.
WATERS OF THE BAY GIVE
UP BODIES OF TWO MEN
Crooked City Official Sentenced to Five
. Years' Imprisonment and a
Fine of $5000.
TACOMA, Oct. 27 f — Mort Stevens,
who was known in past years on the
Puget Sound as Earl Harrington, has
been sentenced at Nome to serve five
years in the Federal prison on Mc-
Neil's Island, near Tacoma. and fined
$."000. The sentence and fine amount
to ten years* imprisonment.
Stevens or Barringtoji was convict
ed of embezzling $2600 while City As
sessor at Nome. He la alleged to have
fleeced Puget Sound men out of sums
ranging from $50 to $300 before go
ing north. * It is claimed also that he
has a police record in California.
FOR3IER ASSESSOR OF NOME
GIVEN HEAVY PUNISHMENT
Much of the rock will go hundreds of
dollars to the ton and a great deal of It
assays one thousand dollars tothe ton.
The veins will average several feet in
width.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 27.—Informa
tion, coming through the most trust
worthy sources, has reached here of the)
disclosure of a marvelously rich strlka
In the Amalia mining district, about
thirteen miles east of Collette, in this
county. It is declared that whenjtfce
full extent and Import of the strike Is
made known it will equal or outrival
In richness anything yet made at Tono
pah or Goldfield. The . strike . was
made at the Zada mine. The owners
decline to give out any statistics and
have endeavored to keep the matter a
secret, but it leaked out and is now
the talk of the district. The Zada is
one of the best known mines in the
county.
Special Dispatch to To* Call.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 27.— The beginning
of to-day's session of the Trans-Mlssls
cfppi Commercial Congress was de
voted to a general discussion of the
topics presented in the papers read
during yesterday's session. President
Kerens, in a brief address, admonished
the delegates that the congress was
not accomplishing all the work In
tended by merely listening to papers,
but that the delegates should discuss
the different subjects placed before the
congress and bring out all the potent
points. Necessarily the general re
view was limited, owing to the number
<tt papers yet to be heard, but was
earnest and animated, embracing irri
gation methods, cultivation of sugar
beets, the commercial aspect of the
country, labor and capital conditions,
government, protection against floods
and kindred topics.
One of the most interesting addresses
of the day was that delivered by Rufus
P. Jennings of San Francisco, execu
tive officer of the California Promotion
Committee. Jennings spoke on rivers
and irrigation. He first reviewed the
history of river reclamation as eeen
along the Nile and In Italy. Taking up
the problems which face the West he
cpoke as follows:
There has been much accomplished in the
tVe«t In the way of river Improvement as
¦.Cectlng navigation and in the attendant bene
fitnr««ulttng' from reclamation and irrigation.
llaxy project! for further work are under way. ,
Notable irrigation has been accomplished
from the Jord.-.n River in Utah. This work
wae llrrt begun as early as 1850, and has
meant to the State of Utah the production
of * valley aa fertile and beautiful as any in
the Rocky Mountain region. The Snake River
Valley offers possibilities of great develop
ment for Idaho. The area drained directly by
this rivpr covers thirteen thousand square
miles. Under the provisions of the reclama
tion, act sixteen hundred miles of preliminary
surveys for canals and reservoirs have been
irade acd work Is now being energetically
pushed. The value of land in this district,
bated on its products, is very high.
In Nevada also the work of reclaiming land
has advanced to a point where construction
h£» already begun. Canals will be built, with
diverting dams, to convey fourteen hundred
cubic feet of water per second from the
Truck** River to Irrigable land* in the Truckee
and Carscn valleys.
In Arizona there are vast drainage basins
In the Gila Valley and in the Salt River
Valley. The Tonto reservoir In the Salt River
Valley, it is said, will be the largest ever
«*c nrtr-jctfd and will supply water sufficient
t-i irrigate 250,000 acres of land. The Gov
ernment has thij: work now well under way.
I.-rttration and river improvement are being
liH-k^-d tnto by the United States Government
ia Colorado. Surveys have been made in the
Crand Car.ycn of the Gunnieon River. In
this connection it is proposed to divert the
«»tfrF of this river by means of a tunnel
eix mllff lonp into the Uncompaghre Valley.
IX TOE COAST STATES.
Th" ci'iHjrtunities for river control in Wash
ii rtrn arc last and the irrigation of eight
irilHor. a'.-rr-s of land through using waters
of the Pen d'Ortille. Priest and Spokane rivers
i.< contemplated. The Government is looking
ii.t/> conditions in Wyoming and has two im
•i-K-rtazit projects under consideration there —
the Lake de Praet project and the Ssoshone
reject. The storage o f waters in New Mex
ico has converted thousands of acres «nci
orvrrrd with cartny and cat-claws into a
•¦« ci.jn that can *h:p train lanAm of fruit com.
mantling toi> market prices.
The builuing ci jetties In the Willamette
River in Oregon has greatly benefited naviga
tion there. In the eastern part of Oregon
¦everal large projects are being investigated
by the Government to divert the waters of
rivers in that i?t£.t» in crdrr to provide irri
patlon for certain districts where the rainfall
in inadequate. Surveys hsve b«eti made by
the Government on the Upper Colombia and
Brake rivers In Orejron and Washington, the
remits of which indicate favorably for the
extension of river commerce into fertile agri
cultural country- These surveys include one
hundred and twenty-five miles of the Columbia
River from Olilo. Or., to the mouth of the
Boaka River !n Washington and two hundred
acd twenty-one miles up the Snake River.
The -Government haj gone t« great expense
iti the lmr'rov£rn < ?nt of the Columbia River.
Vettels drawing twenty-thre«» feet of water
ascend the Columbia for a distasce of more
than one hundred miles. In the Upper Colum
bia channels have been dredged, rocks blasted
ar.d looks and canais have been constructed.
Up to Jjine. 1903. almost four million dollars
had been expended in building a canal and
necessary locks around the Cascade rapids of
the Columbia in Oregon.
PROBLEM IX CALIFORNIA.
In California the water problem, as is well
known. fa«* always been prominently to the.
front. It is cratifying to be able to state that !
thl«> problem is being rapidly solved. When
it Is cortFldfred that California hss a coast
line- from north to south of about twelve
hundred mile*, and a lotel ana of >5S,360
square mile«. It is not strange that
£iversiAed conditions as regards water supply
exist there. One peculiar fact about Callfor-
Bia i« that the climatic conditions from the
extreme northern to the southern parts of the
£tate are very similar, with the exception that
In the northern oart there is at times and in
certain localities more water than I the peopl*
know what to do with and In the southern
part there 1* frequently less than is desired.
The problem now confronting the people of
California is the control and conservation of
ita river waters mhere there is an oversupply
of «ucb. and th» obtaining of water in suf
ficient quantities In other section* of the State.
Irrigation is taking care of the latter prob
lem. The wonderful results accomplished I la
the southern part of California by irrigation
are well known. .What was once a., desert is
row a fruitful garden. The work of Irri
gation, made possible by the Colorado River,
bas within four years put seveoty-flve thou
sand acres of barren deeert under cultiva
ticn. River improvements, together with irri
gation, will provide for the control and con
servation of surplus water.
REGULATING 7 THE RIVERS.
A plan is now being perfected to improve
and control the Sacramento and San Joaquin
rivers, whose flood waters have caused great
devastation. This Improvement will make
available approximately one million acres of
as rich soil as there is In the world and at the
one time facilitate navigation on two Im
portant waterways that letd directly Into the
jrreat «>eapoTt of San Francisco. A large por
tion of the country directly tributary, to the
Ban Joaquin River has already been reclaimed
and the river la under control.. the principal
danger at present being • that arising from
floods from the Sacramento, which, waters not
The library and the water company's
building will be rebuilt at cmce, but it
has not yet been deterntlned whether
the hotel will be' rebuilt.
There is no fire department in High
land. The fire was fought by a bucket
brigade. Their efforts, aided by a shift
of the wind, saved the entire business
section # of the town from destruction.
Live wires In j the library severely
shocked a number of the fire fighters
and they had to be carried out. None,
however, were fatally injured. The
books and piano of the library were
saved. •
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 27.— An ex
ploding lamp at Highland last night set
fire to the Gleason Hotel and before
the flames were got. under control the
entire building, a*s well as the public
library and the office building of the
Highland Domestic Water Company,
were totally destroyed. The total loss
is estimated at $10,000, with insurance
amounting to $6300.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Blaze Threatens Destruction
¦ of Entire Block, but Wind
Prevents Spread of Flames
Find, It Is Said, Is on a
Par With Those Recently
Made in Tonopah District
SECRECY IS ATTEMPTED
t Robert D. Duke, who was formerly
Tiffany's attorney, was subpenaedrbut
he .refused to divulge professional con
fidences.. Tiffany was called before
the jury and asked to allow the lawyer
to give testimony concerning all mat
ters connected with the theater. Tire
manager consented and | Duke was
again' placed on the stand. He said
that Tiffany, told him that Ruef had
"stood him up" for 50 per cent of the
stock in the theater, and that 45 per
cent was a compromise. The witness
advised him strongly not to submit to
the exaction, but .Tiffany's reply was:
"Oh, I am satisfied I will have to do
something for them, and I may as
well do it now." The manager had
further explained that the, Board of
Public Works was interrupting the
Manager Tiffany was called, but he
only reiterated his former statements,
to the : effect that he .sought out Ruef
to sell the stoek-.to him, for -the reason
that he thought the. . attorney would
make a good j business partner, v
hardt .was, also recalled. -He: admitted
that cwheni he* did^ notf receive ~: the* 666
shares that- he expected and^gbt' only
146, he made complaint to Tiffany. The
manager's explanation was that that
was the best he could do for the wit
ness. : v : :-.".' " '-. ¦ . '
The Result was that Tiffany gave
Ruef 45 per cent of the stock., The
manager had said he was compelled
to yield this up, when he explained
that he could let Leake and Leonhardt
have only small Interests. Realizing
that the enterprise .would be defeated
because of Ruef's personal hostility to
the witness, Leake sold his shares and
severed his connection with the com
pany. 'In the light of recent develop
ments, he told^the jury, he was glad
to be out of the corporation.
One of the jurors asked Leake if he
had. any charges tv make against Ruef
and the witness answered that -he had
none. He furthermore denied having
instigated the investigation by the
Grand. Jury. ¦ . ¦ ¦ . :^%v";
TIFFANY MADE THE DEAL.
The witness 'explained'-, thai*' he' went
to Los Angeles to negotiate «wlth
Baldwin "for the lease* of the theater, it
having been agreed that he should have
a third interest in the business for per
forming this service. His partners were
W. Z. , Tiffany and Charles Leonhardt
Jr. The place was being fitted up when
work was' stopped by order of the
Board of Public Works. Tiffany, who
was manager, complained that he could
make no headway toward getting fav
orable consideration from the Works
Department, the building of the audi
torium and stage being stepped three
times, and finally the witness advised
him to see Ruef about it. The ques
tion of obtaining a permit for the«place
also presented difficulties.
Tiffany went to see the lawyer and
returned with the statement that Ruef
wanted a half interest in the show
house to take hold of the matter. Tif
fany saw the attorney a second time to
ascertain if he would not accept a cash
consideration."": But the manager.came
back/ to Leake with the explanation
that Ruef said he preferred to have the
stock and, furthermore, demanded that
Leake be- forced out of the company.
It was in no harmonious mood that
the investigation was resumed of the
charges that Abe Ruef. "shook. down"
the corporation owning, "the Baldwin
vaudeville showhouse for 798 shares of
its stock. W:-S. Leake, who was. one
of the promoters of the place of amuse
ment, had been relied on as the most
important witness, but it developed
that he had had no dealings with the
intimate friend of the Mayor. Leake
could tell nothing of the alleged use of
influence by Ruef with the Board" of
Public Works that had not been told
him by a third person." :
at the meeting of the jury next Thurs
day, and he hopes then to i have ' a | ma
jority of the members with him." It
looks,' however, as if it will devolve
upon the ".. Merchants', Association to
prosecute the Commissioners if they are
to be prosecuted. The '. association has
announced that it would do so if ' the
efforts of the jurors were not success
ful. ' -
W. S. LEAKE TESTIFIES. .
FORM- BUCKET BRIGADE
The discussion waxed warm between
Dodge and Nealon, but the former had
mcch the better of the argument.
Where Nealon complained that Phelan
had enjoyed a reduction of 40 per cent.
Dodge showed that the grand juror's
properties had been ' given like reduc
tions. -
Assessor Dodge came before the jury
armed with a chart- showing the rise
and fall of assessment of the Phelan
building since 1881. He said sthat
twenty-three years ,ago the building
was erected at a cost of $420,000. • The
present valuation foV taxes is | $220,000.
When Nealon was Assessor, 1 from> 1SS7
to 1&91, he arbitrarily raised the as
sessment from $265,000* to 5350,000. His
successor reduced the figure to $300,000,
at- which Dodge allowed it to stand for
several , years. He did not disturb the
valuation until this year, when he re
duced it -to $220,000, which is 52 per
cent of the original cost.- The present
basis is. to make the valuation for tax
purposes on new buildings 50 per cent
of the cost of construction. Dodge ex
plained that ,his policy is • to reduce
the | assessment , on buildings and in
crease it on land, the object being to
encourage improvements.
The hour of 4 o'clock had been passed
and in the anteroo:.. were ex-Mayor
Phelan, Assessor Washington Dodge,
Robert McElroy and Charles W. Fay,
who ¦ some years ago - was Phelan's
secretary, waiting to be examined in
an investigation of charges preferred
by Grand Juror James CNealon. that
the former Mayor was enjoying . un
warranted advantage in the assess
ment of his properties. Nealon had
taken none of his fellow jurors into
his confidence and they- were some
what opposed to his proceeding. Nor
was the attitude of; his colleagues
changed much at the time of adjourn
ment, in fact, the jurors refused to
hear Charles TV. Fay, who Nealon in
sisted should be called to testify. .
Phelan told the jurors that he had
never made an application for reduc
tion of his assessment. He; gave the
valuations of the Phelan buildings on
the gore of Market and O'Farrell
streets for several years back, : but
'Nealon plied him with questions con
cerning other holdings concerning
which the former Mayor could hot re
call figures.
.This was as far as the Grand Jury
got with Levy; It was said by one of
the jurors last * night that there
would be no further investigation of
either the Ruef or the Levy matter,
his reason being that there was.no
evidence on which to make out a case.
Herbert Schmitz, president of; the
Board of Public Works, was not called
yesterday, owing to lack of time.
PHELAN BEFORE JURY.
But. the deal fell through, for when
the papers were : about to be signed
John Sroufe died. So at the. present
time Levy • holds no interest whatever
in the saloon.
Levy admitted to the jurors - that
Tiffany had' offered him a half interest
that" "was to be paid for out of the^re
ceipts of the business.". Asked to ex
plain what could have induced Tif
fany "to make so liberal a business
proposition the . secretary answered
that he believed his personal popular
ity was the principal consideration. It
was expected' to draw a big trade to
the saloon. .... : . .¦ :
WANTED LEVY'S INFLUENCE.
This 'closed the testimony in the
Ruef matter and the jury next turned
Its attention toMorris Levy's connec
tion with the saloon adjoining the
theater and owned by .Tiffany and the
estate of his father-in-law, John
Sroufe. Leake testified that Tiffany
had told him he was- going: to give
Levy an interest in the saloon in order.
to pain the favorable consideration of
the Public Works Board, of which
Levy is"secretary. Duke corroborated
this and added that he had \ advised
Tiffany "not to give away his saloon.**
building, and that . he had small hope
of obtaining a permit without the as
sistance of Ruef. '..
Tells Trans-Mississippi Congress, of Great River Lands
to Be Reclaimed in the Golden State.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Office Building, Hotel and Li
brary of Highland Burned
and 7 Fire Fighters Hurt
Fabulous Wealth in Gold
Ore Reported to Have Been
Discovered at % Zada Mine
JENNINGS DESCRIBES
CALIFORNIA'S RICHNESS
RICH STRIKE
MADE IN KERN
TOWN SUFFERS
LOSS BY FIRE
Witriesises Say Manager Tiffany
Told Them He Was Held Up for
Stock, but He Makes a Denial
THE SAN FRANCISCO t CALL^ : FRIDAY, i OCTOBER 28, 1904.
3
¦ •' ¦¦- •"' - -';, ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Jgte 1 1 If You Want a Suit,
\JCC \J HIS CI (D iv
jt|j|f$ Our $10 sack suit is being recognized by many as one of
jBB^H^^^^^ftS jr isSip month shows an increase in the number sold. There must be a
j^Jl^^^fM^^^m^^il V-'' J*SF good reason for this — something more than the mere fact that
Ms%-''' : \ Every suit is stylishly cut, low priced and guaranteed to
g^^^^^^^M'A f^jflr Th e P atterns 3 re browns, grays, txjues and black — all the
'*.]¦ • : - ?^^K^ 'v?''iP?/- ¦ You haven%t an idea °f w hat $ 10 wi H buy in clothes until
¦ MrSM 1 ' mMitW : * 8p*i|i^iw ou w '^ want a new overcoat for this winter — both for
iw|ra^ 'ffiP*i : $!f »iirvillj style and comfort. We have them at all prices in all the- fal!
- fflBHp $m*§ ¦w^iisN a^* e attent i° n - Nobody seems to understand how we can sell
BBm! liiff ' HinHI with it. You had better see the coats as soon as you think of
'^^5b& - : ;ll1 *^» *- r v.j£Sftl'fS> are the only firm in San Francisco selling the genuine Priestley
Sketched fnm life >^^ !f; «2£ri^SJ Cravenette for as low as $1 0- >
Underwear 85c I M SjM^MmM /Vv I Hats $2.50
For Friday and Saturday only— all-wool Ga| . tM • "WW 11 1 1 11 (\\ fill* We call your attention to our window dis-
underwear, form fitting;, in flesh, tan, brown \*J I play of new fall hats at $2.50. comprising all
and striped effects, winter weighty worth , > . "the "soft and stiff, shapes" of the season. The ,
$ixo> and J $1.25; special at -85c a^garment.-; >J A$\ ••¦'IVf lflf i liPf' St value ** mor ? th * nthe price indicates.
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
M Bohm-Bristol 0
*5O:29 WATCH
FOREWOMEN >
A Watcl^which bears
our guarritee." Solid 14-
karat gold case . . .
M Bohm-Bristol Co.
Jewelers adq
/yj 104-110 Geary Street ,r r \
W.TJHESS,
. Jfotary FubUc aad Attorn ey-t>t- 1* w.
teutiJ Floor. Room 1015, Clau* . Sprocket* bide.
Telephone Mala • »83.
Reticence. 1S02 McAllister «t.
»— ideac* TtlepboM F*s« M41. .'*6now In Northern? New York.
MALONE,. N. Y.-; Oct. ; 2 7.-^A ;< good
portion.; of Northern"' New York was
.to-day ; covered '<¦ by ! two \ inches .- of snow
and the * deer > hunters {in the Adiron
dacks • had ~ : their, first-. real opportunity
of - th«; vear,: for- BtaJklnar.
Text , of .the Baltic FleetiCominahder'a
• '' the'iCidr:^': j i *.'.' ;
v ST. ¦¦¦-. PETERSBURG; * Oct. : ; 2S:— The
naval 1 general } staff ; publishes > the .; f ol-[
lowing 'dispatches \ from " Vice ¦ Admiral
Rojestvensky: yV.' V . * ""::?'*¦
[^ First [ dispatch— "The r North Sea jnci-;
caused by it wo ; torpedo-boats
'advancing to attack without lights Tun-*
der cover of darkness* against the yes-
Eel leading the detachment. t ? When] the
detachment turned on \ Its? searchlights
and opened s firej. the 'presence of ? several
small .; steamboats ' .; resembling % steam
The 'de
tachment !..; to '/spare.-; these
and ' ceased » firing; as j soon as I the tor-'
pedo-boata,iwerej out ;of! sight. vT',^ ;^;«r
rt^The^ English* press £ls^ indignant*, be-"
cause ; » a^torpedo-boat ." left i by_£thef de-j
tacbmeht T onUhe:8potuntilimornink'dldl
ROJESTVENSKY'S..: DISPATCHES.
His Wife/ Who Was ,'MJss Crocker of
This City, Presented With a
|-y.'V Baby Girl.
NEW YORK.; Oct. 27.— A daughter
to Mr. and Mrs.'"Francls Burton' Har
rison was : born-; early -Wednesday
morning "at their. Fifth-avenue ; home.'
Congressman Harrison, who 'Is a" can
didate for Lieutenant Governor on» the
Citizens' ticket, far up * State and
got the news by j telegraph. t3 He "-has
another .; daughter j three v years "old.
Mrs.- Harrison - was .-¦ formerly Miss
Crocker, of. San Francisco. ' / ¦
STORK VISITS THE HOME . "
¦ OF CONGRESSMAN HARRISON
MADRID,; Oct. 27.r^-M., Schevitch;
the Russian J Embassador, "to i; Spain,
and Foreign Minister San , Pedro had
a long, conference^ here "to-day. ,<¦ The
Government has ; authorized ¦ the Rus
sian ' warships » . at .Vigo "to' remain
in , port toj coal : and ; complete \ repairs
on condition that ;they -. leave : immedi
ately after repairs 1^ are . completed.
Slav Ships Permitted . to Repair.
'We 'are. selling' agents for "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pen" ¦ and ; sole agents ' for
"The Marshall," the best. $1 fountain pen
in the- world./ Sanborn, Vail& Co.,' 741
Market street. v ¦ \ ' • • ¦
or Port Arthur.
British Coal May Be for Vladivostok
MANILA, Oct. 27.— The British col
lier Ellamy, an iron vessel owned by
the;' Simpson" Steamship Company ,of
London, which, with a cargo of coal
from Cardiff, .Wales,; has. been await
ing orders from "the agent of the own
ers : here ' for ' the past, ten.' days, -has
mysteriously disappeared. 'It is ru
mored that the vessel's coal supply is
intended either for Vladivostok or Port
Arthur. ' . ' s •'..'.-¦¦ ¦ ;.;. -
. It Is unofficially reported that nine
colliers have sailed • from Java .. and
Sumatra ports in the direction of Ma
nila, but -that their destination is un
known. " / '' •" ;¦
Two' Merchantmen Report ¦ Having
Been Fired Upon by Russians.
COPENHAGEN, Oct. 27.— The master
of the ; Norwegian steamship Skaatol
reports from London that he was fired
upon by a Russian ship on Sunday in
the English Channel. The firing
ceased when the Skaatol hoisted her
Hag. Socn afterward eighteen Russian
men of war passed the Skaatol.
STOCKHOLM. Oct. . 27.— The skipper
of the Swedish steamship Aldebaran
from Hull, England, which arrived to
day at Gelfle, Sweden, says his vessel
was chased in the Skagerrack during
the evening of Friday, October 2L' by
a foreign cruiser," apparently a Russian,
which threw Its nearchllght on her. The
cruiser,- increasing - : her ¦ speed,- passed
the Aldebaran and flred a shot, which
had no effect. •; — - ' ' . '
The Aldebaran thereupon hoisted her
flag and the cruiser again, threw her
searchlight on the steamship and a few
minutes later .hailed shot all around the
Aldebaran, without, however, hitting
her. The Aldebaran's skipper then
ordered the steamer to be stopped and
with his crew sought refuge below.
The foreign warship thereupon disap
peared in the darkness. - /•
¦ . » ... -
All Tell the' Same Story.
VIGO, Spain, Oct. 27.— The corre-
Bpondent of the Associated Press saw
a number "of Russian officers, to-day,
all of whom -corroborated the state
ment" made to. the correspondent by
Admiral Rojestvensky. The- officers
asserted that small vessels 'deliberate
ly attacked the squadron with torpe
does. .'-, teWBBBB?5JEt!
NO NEUTRAL SHIPS SAFE
Prize Steamship Released.
NAGASAKI. Oct. 27. — The British
steamship Slshan has been released by
order of the Japanese naval' court at
Sasebo. .. J-
Submarine Boat Launched.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Oct. 27. —
The submarine torpedo-boat Simon
Lake No. 10 was launched at the ship
yard here to-day. This is the third
of flve boats believed to be destined
for Russia or Japan now completed.
Raiding Cruisers Rechristened.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 27. — By
order of Emperor Nicholas, dated Oc
tober 25, the cruisers Smolensk and
St.^Petersburg, have been commis
sioned as cruisers in the active fleet
and rechristened the RIon and Dnie
per. . . .. ;..-/;;;-;¦-' i': : ¦-
Looks to America for Peace,
BUDAPEST. Hungary. Oct. 27. — In
the lower house of the Hungarian
Diet to-day Francis Kossuth, presi
dent of the Independent party. Intro
duced a resolution calling on the Pre
mier to urge the Austro-Hungarlan
Foreign Minister to support any dip
lomatic action on the part of the Unit
ed States tending to put an end to the
bloodshed in the Far East.
squadron in the North ; Sea. The Rus
sians were Informed of this. The t ma
rine authorities here credited .the Te
port. " '- ; •' ¦»' • ¦'¦ ¦ • ¦ -¦ . • -'"¦•'-' ¦ ; v ;
The Danish Ministry, was officially in
formed also that thirteen Swedish ves
sels had . been chartered by the Japa
nese to attack the Russian squadron
In the Baltic. A Danish cruiser and a
torpedo-boat watched the vessels so
closely that their approach to the Rus
sian squadron was impossible.
While thus engaged the. Danish tor
pedo-boat Havhesten had a narrow es
cape. The commander of a Russian
battleship mistook the Danish torpedo
boat for an enemy and fired a blank
shot. The quickness of the torpedo
boat in displaying its flag saved | her.
This occurred at night time. When the
captain of the torpedo-boat boarded the
battleship he found large quantities. of
ammunition piled ready for use. This
incident was. reported to the Danish
Marine Minister at the time.
Danish warships acted as police for
the Russian squadrons until: the latter
reached the North Sea.
LONDON, Oct. 27.— Baron Hayashi,
the Japanese Minister, was asked to
night concerning, the statement ' from
Copenhagen. Hayashi said that no ship
had been chartered by. his Government
from Hull. or elsewhere to destroy the
Baltic,- squadron. ' The chartering and
arming of thirteen ships, Baron. Haya
shl said, would I be Impossible In . these
waters. It would have been* necessary
to man them with Japanese, and there
were not . enough Japanese . here. At
Hull, the Minister added,, there were
two Japanese studying the curing of
fish. aBBgaaBswaes^a^iagiBBBtt
, Minister Hayashi said the whole story
must have: been concocted in order, to
throw dust' In the* eyes of the 1 Danish
Minister of Marine and of the world. '
»
COLLI ER DISAPPEARS.
the British Channel fleet cleared their
decks this afternoon.' It is rumored
that the whole fleet, with "the exception
of .the battleship Caesar, will steam
westward to-morrow morning, with the
alleged purpose of making a sham at
tack against the rock of Gibraltar.
Several torpedo-boats left Tangier
this afternoon, fully equipped. * .
Work at the arsenal is " proceeding
underTiigh pressure.
A division of the Mediterranean fleet,
comprising six battleships, all the
armored cruisers and twenty torpedo
boats, is expected to arrive here to
morrow.
VALETTA, Island of Malta, Oct. 27.—
The British armored cruiser Bacchante,
with Rear Admiral Baldwin- Walker on
board; the battleship Albemarle, flying
the flag of Rear Admiral Hamilton; the
battleship Montague and elx torpedo
boat destroyers, have arrived here from
Corfu. The battleship Queen and nine
torpedo-boat- destroyers sailed hence
to-day for an unknown destination.
ATHENS. Oct. 27.— All the vessels of
the British Mediterranean fleet now in
Greek waters have been ordered to sail
forthwith for Pola. The British
squadron sailed at midnight. •
LONDON, Oct. 28.— Notwithstanding
the diplomatic check in consequence of
Admiral Rojestvensky's report, it is
evident that Great Britain is preparing
for the possibility of war. Tremendous
activity is reported from all dock
yards w here vessels under repair are
being made ready for sea, under urgent
orders from the Admiralty.
. At Cardiff it is said that Admiralty
agent* are procuring great quantities
of coal for Gibraltar, Portsmouth,
Malta and other ports and paying high
freights. The Mediterranean fleet Is
hastening in the direction of Gibraltar
and It is announced that the channel
squadron, with decks cleared, will leave
Gibraltar early this morning, the al
leged object being a sham attack on
the rock. The home fleet likewise is
concentrating. In fact, almost the entire
Brltiph navy is pointing in the direc
tion of the Baltic fleet, a portion of
which is expected to sail from Vigo
during the day.
Perhaps the most significant develop
ment is the Cabinet meeting which is
called for noon to-day. While the call
was issued prior to the receipt of
Rojestvensky's report, which changed
the situation considerably and appears
to f lace some of the burden of proof
upon Great Britain, the meeting un
doubtedly marks the reaching of a seri
ous stage.
GIBRALTAR. Oct. 27.— The ships of
BRITISH PREMIER AND FRENCH
EMBAfiSADQR TO COURT OF ST
ARSENALS WORKING UNDER PRESSURE
TREMENDOUS ACTIVITY AT ALL
DOCKYARDS IN KING'S DOMAIN
Fisherman's . Story Indicates That
Russian Ship- Was Fired 'Upon. "
BERLIN, Oct. 28.— A dispatch to
the Lokal Anzeiger, dated Goeste-.
munde, October 27,:11:25 p. m., says:
"The fishing .vessel Sonntag. which
arrived here to 7 day, reported that _.t
had been fired upon for. two and %
half hours off Dogger bank, but not
hit."
Following is the story of Captain
Iiachner of the "Sonntag: •
"On October 21 we were on the
Horn?. Reef fishing ground, .on the
wast coast of Jutland. In the fore
noon five large Russian ships puss-e I
and in the' evening nine more North
o( us was a large freight steamship.
At 8:30. o'clock we were lighted: ly a
rt-flector, and immediately afterward
there fell the first shells in our neigh
boihood. .The Russian vessels fh-'»d
up to eighty shots a : minute in all di
rections. Toward 9:30; o'clock th»«
fi fighter approached ur, drawing the
fire upon itself. 'A In the light of tho
reflector we observed shells striking
close to this steamship. We then ob
served another ~ reflector southward
and< shells i% bursting .,: near the ship
which was: firing on us., We remained
unhurt. After II? o'clock there were
no furtbery shells." .:».#*
REPORTS SEA BATTLE.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 28, 3:10 a.
m.— The" mystery of the trawler, affair,
instead of ,, being cleared by Vice Ad
miral Rojestvensky's report, to-day
appears to be deeper than ever. The
Russian admiral's explanation is hail
ed with the greatest satisfaction at the
Admiralty and elsewhere, but it is felt
that a direct issue has now been raised
between | Great Britain and Russia and
the crisis has entered upon -a more
delicate . stage. Public sentiment in
both , countries doubtless will demand
the most searching investigation to
establish facts and probably, neither
nation will be 'wilftng to accept the re
sult of an ex-parte inquiry by -the
other. The outcome probably will.be a
mixed tribunal of some sort. This at
least is the suggestion of some of the
cooler men here, as it is felt that only
thus could a ! repetition of the Maine
incident be avoided.
Popular : excitement has reached a
pitch unequaled since the beginning of
the war. j Public sympathy and con
fidence . undoubtedly are with Admiral
Rojestvensky and, should Russia
choose to stand upon his version with
out further inquiry there Is no ques
tion that such a course would be popu
lar with the masses,' who would - be
willing to back the Government In the
controversy to the utmost extremity.
It is most unlikely, however, that the
Government .will adopt such a, course.
It is much more j probable that, I after
the first flush of excitement has faded,
a middle way will be found whereby
the facts can be established . and the
national pride of both countries main
tained. , .
ADMIRAL'S EXPLANATION.
Vice Admiral Rojestvensky's ex
planation of the trawler Incident is
fully as sensational as the news of
the firing upon the fishing fleet,
which set all England aflame. He
declares he was attacked in' the
darkness by two torpedo-boats,
which" came up on the squadron from
the direction of the fishing fleet. He
opened fire and believes he sank one
of. the torpedo-boats, the other making
off for cover among the fishermen. As
soon as he noticed the fishermen Ad
miral Rojestvensky ceased firing. He
proceeded on his way without leaving
any, vessel behind and says he believes
the vessel which the fishermen reported
remained on the ', scene for six hours
without offering succor to the drowning
was the other torpedo-boat^ either wait-
Ing for her consort or repairing' dam
age inflicted by the fire- of his ships.
It is stated that torpedo-- bouts at
tacked, the leading Russian ship. They
disregarded the signals ..to keep off
when picked up. by the searchlights and
fire was. opened 'on them/' * v . ' " '«
- Rojestvensky refere 'f to .'and - replies
specifically to the reports in the British
press, showing that he had the press
accounts before him when he wrote his
repcrrt. . Some of his language is sar
castic, especially when speaking of the
appearance of the torpedo-boats from
the ' direction of the ' British fishermen,
conveying an intimation which certain
ly- will arouse resentment in England.
He declares that no other, naval com
mander at sea under similar, circum
stances would have failed to open fire
and adds that he courts the fullest in
quiry and suggests that a court of in
quiry could be held at Vigo.
TALLIES WITH FIRST STORY.
It is pointed out that, the original
version of the incident, as recited by
the captain of • the trawler | Moulmein,
coincides closely with s Rojestvensky's.
The captain said that while the.squad
ron was passing he suddenly noticed
two - torpedo-boats, which - approached
so near that he thought that they, in
tended bombarding, him, when they
sheered off, heading back for the
squadron. Almost immediately after
ward .the squadron opened ; fire.
More .Important than any other fea
ture of the admiral's report" is his
statement that there were no torpedo
boats with the Russian fleet. This, in
view of the fact that the captain of the
Moulmein reported. that two .torpedo
boats first approached the. fishing fleet
and then steered for, the Russian war
ships, which' immediately opened flre fc
would -make Rojestvensky's version
appear not only probable, but entirely
corroborated by . the fishermen : them
selves. The statement that no torpedo-'
boats were with the section of the fleet
accompanying: Rojestvensky's flagship
is fully confirmed here. J.,
ft In concluding his telegram Admiral
Rojeetvensky expressed > in , the most
warm-hearted way; the regrets of, j the
whole squadron; to 'the 'fishermen .who
had suffered and to the families of the
victims. .:•"¦/• ¦ ¦ v ••'¦ -¦ ¦ ... . ¦ ,
CHANGES , THE SITUATION.
' Rojestvensky's report was 'telegraph-'
ed from .Vigo direct to the' Emperor,"
who , received it last ,*" night. It was
communicated' this morning to Embas
sador s Hardinge by : Foreign ' Minister,
Lamsdorff himself . v There is reason to
believe: that the,- British^ embassy "was
also acquainted with ;the information/
,which reached 'the, Russian authorities
some .time : ago, .of : the : arrival at ' and
subsequent mysterious disappearance
from :Hullof twenty' Japanese,, men
tion of 'which was r made in -these dis
patches on October 25. s *' • *
v. In \ view of. the entirely ; new" complex
ion placed; upon Hhe incident by R&Jest
vensky's ; report.^. it;- isl readily/ conceiv- 8
able ¦ that Russia may.' make represen-*
tations to' Greats Britain f arid v that the
whole course of exchanges'* between -the
twoj governments'. regarding the ; affair
may be' altered. f,RoJestvensky's V ver
sion ¦ is ; likely ,\ to create " quite as * much*
Indignation '^ in '.Russia "as the* flsher
¦men's*did in '-. England. 1 ;:.
not aid the victims. Ndw, there was
not a single torpedo-boat near the de
tachment, and none was left behind,
consequently the vessel remaining near
the small steamboats was. that torpedo
boat which was not sunk, but only
damaged. The detachment did not aid
the little steamboats because we sus
pected them. of complicity on account
of their obstinately ; cutting. -into the
order of the- positions of our vessels.
Several of them showed no lights and
others only very late." 1
Second, dispatch — "Having met sev
eral hundred fishing-boats,: the,squad
ron showed them every "consideration,
except when they 'were In company
with foreign, torpedo-boats, ; of which
one disappeared, while the other, ac
cording to the fishers' own* evidence,
remained among, them until morning.
They supposed it was , a Russian and
were indignant because it did not aid
the victims; but it was foreign, and re
mained until morning seeking the other
torpedo-boat; its consort, either to re
pair damage or through fear of be
traying itself to those who were not its
accomplices. If there were also on- the
spot fishermen imprudently dragged
into the enterprise, I beg, in the name
of the whole squadron, to express my
sincere regret to the unfortunate vic
tims of circumstances under which no
warship, even in time of. peace, could
have acted otherwise."
LONDON, Oct. r 27. — One of the
most complicated diplomatic situa
tions in recent history and one that is
attended by the most dangerous pos
sibilities for the peace of the whole
of Europe exists to-night, with no
sign of immediate solution. The ten
sion that arose when the dispute be
tween. Great Britain and Russia re
solved itself Into the simple question
whether Russia would or would not
guarantee In advance that some pun
ishment should be administered to the
offending officers of the Baltic squad
ron has been modified . by the intro
duction of an entirely new set of con
tentions contained in Vice Admiral
Rojestvensky's report; yet even the
most astute diplomats, who recog
nize a temporary Improvement in con
ditions, are puzzled by the complica
tions that so curiously cause it. How
ever, there .is to-night at the embas
sies of the powers not concerned in
the dispute a very strong conviction
that a way out will be found other
than in recourse to war.
The Foreign Office. • apparently as
puzzled as the onlookers, pursues the
policy of silence and the British press
is almost totally uninformed. The
voluminous exchanges daily occurring
between London and St. Petersburg
continue.- the statement that no reply
from Russia has been received adding
to the implication that Russia is ig
noring the British negotiations. It is
this misconception which is chiefly
responsible for the stiffening up of a
popular agitation, - against which the
Government may find it hard to stand
out in "the possible event of Foreign
Minister Lansdowne withdrawing the
demand that Russia guarantee pun
ishment hpfore inquiry is instituted. ;
SITUATION : LESS 17KGENT.
Had Admiral Rojestvensky's report
not arrived it is probable the dispute
would have been settled one way or
the other to-night. Its terms, how
ever, are generally held to prevent
the presentation of the ultimatum
which Great Britain undoubtedly in
tended to send. Although Lord Lans
downe has frankly said that the clr-r
cumstances reported by. Admiral Ro
jestvensky are to him inconceivable,
the Foreign Minister is not prevented
seeing that new light has been thrown
upon the "qutrage" and that diplo
matic usage now compels less urgent
action than the British Government
at first contemplated.
, In the present temper of the Brit
ish nation it is not at all likely that
preparations for hostilities will be re
laxed or that the popular outcry will
be diminished 'by Admiral Rojestven
sky's report,. but it is .understood that
Great Britain .would run- the. risk of
forfeiting in some degree the good will
of .5 France land- certainly that ;of,= Ger
many if she proceeded to substitute
warlike for diplomatic steps, of which
intention, it is said at the Russian em
bassy to-night, there is no indication
in Lord Lansdowne's communication.
ATTITUDE OF FRANCE.
The attitude of France is held to be
of the first importance: It was said
to-day by the representative of another
great power that if France had given
definite assurances that she would not
support Russia In the event of war
growing out of the North Sea incident,
a hostile issue would be almost Inevit
able, as the temptation to crush the
Russian naval power after such prov
ocation could scarcely have been re
fused by Great Britain. It is pointed
out' that it is greatly to France's In
terest to preserve peace, and her ef-
t forts In that direction obviously would
bv strengthened by. not. commltUn?
herself except at the last moment. So
long as Great Britain is not sure
whether France will help Russia, sh?
will not be likely to engage in war;
while Russia, with France neutral.
would, it Is thought at most of the
embassies here, scarcely invite defeat.
The most probable solution of the ru
mors regarding France's position is
said by a high authority to be that
she has* given both disputants to un
derstand that she does not desire to
become involved, but has xeserved her
final decision.
Embassador Cambon was unceas
ingly active throughout the day. not
only In visiting Foreign Minister Lans
downe and Embassador Benckendorff,
but others of his diplomatic colleagues.
HAYASHI'S IMPARTIAL. VIEW.
Baron Hayashi, the Japanese Min
ister, after reading Admiral Rojeat
vensky*s* report, again reiterated hi3
statement that it was impossible that
any Japanese torpedo-boats could have
been where the Russian admiral
thought them. He declared that Ro
jestvensky*s own statement of Indis
criminate firing after such sllaht in
vestigation proved that the Russian
fleet was likely to menace the safety
of all neutral shipping and make in
ternational law merely a farce. War
between England and Russia, Baron
Hayashi frankly admitted. would
greatly be to Japan's advantage; but
yet, as a friend of England, he would
be sorry to see It come, though snch a
war could hardly consist of more than
one naval engagement, the result of
which would be a foregone conclusion.
. Exactly what method can be taken
to investigate Vice Admiral Rojest
vensky*s statements does not clearly
appear. The Russian embassy here
can throw no light upon the alleged
presence of torpedo-boats in the North
Sea, the British Admiralty has no in
formation, and fresh inquiry among
the trawlers elicits no new facts. The
Russian embassy thinks that the fur
ther and more elaborate inquiry i3
proceeding at Vlgo, where the testi
mony of the officers particitpating in
the affair is being minutely recorded.
SPAIN'S • COURSE CORRECT.
2Jo representations have been made
either by the Japanese or by the Brit
ish Government regarding the action
of the Spanish authorities in connec
tion with the Baltic fleet, both Gov
ernments being perfectly satisfied of
the correctness of the Spanish atti
tude.
So far as is known here the United
States is not moving in the present
dispute, statements alleging expres
sions of accord with the British atti
tude on the part of th« United States
being emphatically denied by Charge
"White, in the absence of Embassador
Choate. who-ia In the: country. . ...
His Story Agrees in Important
Details With That of Fishermen
Causes Lord Lansdowne 10 Panse When Abont to Send an
Ultimatum to the Russian . GoYernment
Report Complicates the Situation
RUSSIAN ADMIRAL TELLS OF
TORPEDO ATTACK.
Rojestvensky's Report Gives Russia
Excise to Temporize With England
COPENHAGEN
HELPS CAUSE
OF THE CZAR
Reveals Japanese
Plan to Attack
Fleet
COPENHAGEN, Oct. 27.— The corre
spondent of the Associated Press learns
that the Danish Ministry of Marine was
informed that several ships were char
tered by Japanese at Hull and intended
to attack the Russian 'second Pacific
BRITISH SHIPS RACING FOR THE PORT OF VIGO WITH THEIR DECKS CLEARED FOR ACTION; THREE GIANT SQUADRONS CONVERGING TOWARD BALTIC FLEET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, QCTOEER 2S, 1904.
4
FREE . FREE V FREEi
- WITH I-
1 SUNDAY CALLV
WANT, ADS;^
A Coupon Entitling You to One ;
'.„-. '¦ ,:'. Pound :40c, ; ,;.V.-'. i./.
''TOP, QUALITY" COFFEE of
THE GREAT? AMERICAN f ?
IMPORTING rTEA CO:
'With 'Every '35c Small 1 Ad"
in SUNDAY C : ALL! .' ' ; ? ' : J :
See = Small ; 'Ad; Page'; for r Further.'
r ( ' v, ; * .
ADVEUTlSKaiEXTS.
WHY APPENDICITIS?
Why is appendicitis so common to-
day?
Because we have got into the per-
nicious habit of eating too fast.
Dr. Curtis, the great authority on
thi« disease. Buytf. "Appendicitis of-
ten follows the .eating of a very hasty,
or particularly, large' or indigestible
meal." , \
After carelessly, following a foolish
custom you can insure your safety by
taking Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
It is an accepted, scientific truth,
which admits, of no dispute, that if
you will only keep your digestive ap-
paratus In good order you will never
Euffer from this dread disease, which,
at best, means a weakening operation,
with lpng weeks wasted in .bed and
big doctor's and surgeon's .bills to pay
eg souvenirs.
Keep your appendix in health by j
the proper use of Stuart'a Dyspepsia
Tablets whenever you have laid your-
self open to danger by overeating. and
upon the least sign of stomach or in-
testinal trouble, for otherwise, at any
time, this dangerous disease may lay
you low.
The curative influence of this great
medicine is quickly shown in the gen-
tle, soothing effect it has on all in-
flamed conditions of any part of the
digestive tract. .
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, tone all
these parts up to a proper condition
of perfect health and regulate , their
functions. into a. proper working state.
They also make away - with all ' the
causes of irritation,* inflammation or
j Indigestion \ by.; helping to? dissolve, dl-
•gest and assimilate- or put' to, proper
use all the food which is lying around
in odd corners of your digestive ap-
paratus, fermenting, rotting and
curdling, like *o much garbage in a
dirty, sink.
In these natrral ; and * perfectly, slm-
; i>le ways Stuart's "Dyspepsia ".Tablets
[restore all sufferers from any form of
[dyspeptic trouble to health. .
They^are r iafe andj'jreUable.* They
inever^fail toreljeve' and curequlckly
a nifl permanently.,'.'- -\ : '» ' " " ¦ : ?
Use them and you' need_ never worry
about your appendix vermif ormix. :
j ¦ ¦¦ : _'_'__:_ ' ."- ¦ '_ ' - ADVEKTISEM-EXTS. ¦ __ '
! A Message to America
1 — ¦ — 1 ". — -.
s> |andAHNationsj "'#
Our Great National Encyclopedia Is Now
Prepared under the editorial supervision of Frederick Converse Beach, editor of the
SGIENtlFiC AMERICAN
Assisted by the largest corps of distinguished editors, specialists and experts, ever engaged upon
a similar work in this or any other country. It is destined to become the great authoritative
. American' work of reference.
Al>solutely r axA Entirely New From Cover to Coyer.
New text, new type, new maps, new illustrations, arid every contributor an authority "in
his line. Every, article new, fresh, crisp, original and written from the Modern American stand-
point by over one thousand of America's greatest living specialists. 65,000 separate subjects, 16
magnificent volumes, produced at a cost exceeding
Ji ; v ) "5[ h l^ a^ v o^ me was completed October^ 15, ,1904, thus making it ] possible to deliver to
..your homethe entire set of 16 volumes at once, and permit you to pay in small monthly payments
if desired. ; .'¦•-' ¦•"".¦ -v!. . ; ¦
;\ . :.'Np matter how many cyclopedias >'ou may own, it goes without* saying you want the
¦^bestpthe book; that is officially adopted by States^ colleges and universities ; by the United
:;States- t Gqvernment N for its;departments_ at \Vashingtonp also the Army and Navy— that was
iawarded the grand prize at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition at St: Louis last weckli Specimen
pages,'terms, etc.; will be mailed on application to the < .-W: fT'p.:-."^ ; ¦ '
.i .o-i SciehtifieAmerieanCl^
25a rifth Avenue. -,.-_; . n . •. ** •!.••-- "«• •** .
i':»«w,7ork:city. t^ y Rialto Binldmg, San Francisco.; ' LECTURE ' ON ¦" ROME.— The South -Park
Settlement is inovr'* giving at , 8fl •; South .. Park
an Interesting course -off free i etereoptlcon j lect
ures ; on - tbe (amovi ¦' cities -of > the - world. - - This
evening | Professor * Falrclougbi of Stanford .TJni-'
verelty . will ; talk ? on i VModern I Rome."
' ConBtipation. the? fruitful^ source.' of.
many other . complaints.Hs quickly.' cured
by takine i Lash's ; Bitters." .- •
PHOTOGRAPHERS CONTINUE
¦ IXTERESTIXG CONVEXTION*
Studios In City Will Close .To-Day ; to
Allow Full Attendance at
Deliberations. *
The Photographers' Association of
California, held another interesting:
session .yesterday at the Mechanics'
Pavilion Art Gallery. Throughout the
day and. evening there was a laree at
tendance.- and ¦' one . of the ¦ interesting
features was ..the demonstration made
with the^ Cooper Hewitt mercury va
por light..
On the ' walls . are some delightful
specimens - of • photography, both . of
home - ,and ¦'.'¦ outside ¦ development.
There -,are inot. only "figure portraits,
but some l admirable ; landscape -" and
marine . subjects, . tvhich - cannot ; fall to
delight connoisseurs of - art.
¦i The studios , in . San • Francisco will
; close to-day, with '. the object of allow
ing a » full : attendance . of ,- members "at
the convention.', i^This •¦morning' there
will -be .*, demonstrations at * the Boye
gallery^ and In the '¦ afternoon the con-
Iventlon will meet-in^ full; force at the
Mechanics' "Pavilion . Art 'Gallery. "In
the r evenlng there will.be a grand ball
at : the Pavllion.*|ggflHHBB
Cara* Parties.
':} Everything for an enjoyable^evening at
home;; playingfcards.; card tables, prizes,
tally ; cards. V whist sets, game, sets, Bi
cycle and .Congress playing cards, 'j No
such an assortment 1 elsewhere. "Sanborn,
\ T ail & Co..~ 741 Market street.-: • - f • .
v E.Va;> Wlltse. ¦ the v well 'known*.. mining
engineer,'^ who = is 'American -, representa
tive^ of i the? Londo-n v >Ventufe Corpora
tIon,\whlchrcontrols'aTnumber/of<large
properties ¦ In - u the • VWest, .: arrived : : here
yesterday" from \ New;, York.
[I H. :B. Worden/i assistant general
freight j agent "j of I the ." San > Pedro. Los
Angeles -i and j Salt £ Lake road : at iLos
'Angeles, > is jinithe 5s city; for; a- few; days
and^is "the . giiest - of v Chief '•-, Clerk Alber
ger^of, the Santa ;Fe Company.; :;^ ; -f
; George F.*,illchardsoh, : : superintendent
'ofitransportation?ofc,the?SoutherntPa
clflci will ? give i a* 'dinner j Monday Teven-*
ing,"-' at i which i the \ honored •*. guests
be I Charles \ H. Markham f and | Geo rge T.
KlinkV? the manager
arid ; ;'audlt6r';of, the; company.; ,„
« HarryAA. v Buck, district ;
a«ent?of 1 the? Gould ; lines ' on - this - coast.
v'Mf^'and*: Mrs: ; C. Adolph" -Low.fVfor
mahyr years residents of California: ; and
now living, ln'^New' York;; arrived 'from
the '} East ) yesterday and ¦ are registered
at 1 the > Palace. : ¦" v
- •. Santiago Hamilton, . a mining . man of
Parral.v. Mexico,; and ! his \ wife /arrived
from .the south yesterday and . are ; reg
istered at the* Palace. ' ;
L. L. ; Bailey * of Singapore, '*> general
manager 'of ; tin v combine -A in >i the
Straits.: Settlement, V is a guest ; at C.the
Palace. ; i: He : is on his way ; to .the East
ern 'States. : ~ ;- . . / -. -^ '-,
1 • Captains . G.v D. Jeffreys and i P. At
klns, : officers of. .the "British army,' ar
rived > here I yesterday .and are at the
Palace; - V , :/:
•V Edward Al' Beals of Portland is at the
Palace. ' ' "; '
Dr. and Mrs. Corbiere of Redding are
at the' Grand.; '
:.:• Attorney." W. P. , Thomas of Ukiah is
at the Grand. r-W-j' 1
¦v L.;C. Trent ; and F.H.' Peyton of the
Dairy Farm mine are at the Palace.
O/Dr. 'Adolph. Muller and Dr., Weltfeldt
of Germany are at the St. Francis.
; /'A.'l P. -; Stabler."-. a"-, well known fruit
grower of -Tuba; City, is. at the Lick.' :
'¦•¦¦¦ N.' W. Gray, assistant' manager of the
Potter Hotel, ; Santa Barbara, is staying
at ' the} St. ; Francis. ;;
<~%W: BiClapp'of the United States Geo
logical : Survey, is : among the " latest ar
rivals at, the Occidental. ,
if.W.BrbderickCloete/a "member of one
of England's distinguished families, and
his wife arrived at the Palace yester
day., .'; - ". -
PERSONAL.
f DAMAGES FOR," INJURIES'. -f William T.
Kahler, who" was 'employed as a conductor on
the Halght- street line, yesterday sued the
United Railroads for $10,000 for a dislocated
shoulder and a broken arm alleged to have
been sustained by- a sudden Jerking , of - the
car when he was walking in -the aisle. ' Kah
ler, when not on duty, was a violinist and
says that the Injuries have spoiled his musical
skill.' . ¦
leaves Monday for an extended tour of
the East; He' expects to be absent
about six weeks, during which he will
visit-all the -principal cities and will
spend some time at the St. Louis Ex
position. -
A. Chatteron, a noted engineer of
Madras, a province of India, who is
now.in Southern California making a
study of -western methods of irrigation,
is -expected to' arrive here in a few
days. During- his stay in California
he; will be- the guest of J.;B.:LJppln
cott.
/Colonel. John. C. Kirkpatrick, man
ager of the ' Sharon . Estate Company,
who, has been in the, East for the last
six weeks, returned home last evening.
During his absence Colonel Kirkpatrick
visited ;the principal cities of the East,
including . Lexington, * where his . famous
horse, John Cald well, has been making
racing records, and winning, handsome
purses for, his owner. - ...
- Everything points to the success of
the Stationary Firemen's Union ball aC
the Alcazar building to-morrow night.
The committee having charge of the
affair la sanguine of giving an enter
tainment that will . reflect credit not
only on the Individual members of the
committee, but also the organization
represented.
Stationary Firemen's Ball.
RUSH IT. Gabriel Printing Co.. ."Print Any
thing." 419 Sacramento st. Never, disappoint. •
,pany,.riow an Immense local industry,
resulted.
.'">. Malta.' Vita Breakfast Food was. then
invented by Phelps and A. C. Wisner,
both of. whom, became millionaires.
Phelps put money into other Infant In
dustries, spending. nearly, a half million
of 'dollar's in-erecting the Phelps Sani
tarium, a i: six-story , rival to the "Ad
ventist Sanitarium, t; It ¦ did not succeed
and dragged? Phelps down. . Other in
dustries grew ' profitless and Phelpa,\ if
alive, . is' as .when he came here, j penni
less. . 3^s^^aas^tBSSSs^^^^
¦ A disDatch from Fresno yesterday
stated that the ' office of S. L. Hogue,
deputy Internal Revenue Collector in
that city, had been under investigation
by inspectors and a shortage of $150
and evidence of misconduct found
that caused his suspension.- Collector
John C. Lynch said last night that 'he
had heard no report from the inspec
tors, and that the report of Hogue's
suspension was untrue. He -was not
inclined to give any credence to the
charges. ¦¦'.-¦¦¦
Deputy noguc. Not -Suspended.
"I>«r Kyelsehut*'*: <b) ••Sprlntr". - (Henschel).
Mrs.' Snider- Johnson, ~ accompanist. Miss Marie
Giorgiani; » Irish ' dance," - ; the famous four*
handed ""reel, ' rKelleher ; and • O'Cbnnell
and- Bessie and ; Hazel Allen; violin;
solo (n) aria,- x'iolln' (fourth^string:)-' and*, pi
ano ' (Bach) ; (b) ¦ legende, violin ' and piano
(Wienlawsky), . Eugene Marcellino and Miss
Marie Giorgiani; selections,', orchestra;- novelty
musical artists, Wal«h and- Leigon; selections
from •'Carmen.'.' • Domenico '¦' Borghesi, accom
panist Mirs Marie Giorgiani;" vocal eolo (a)
"When ¦ Thou ; Art Near, . lx>ve" - (Danah) : (b)
"May Be',! I (Rosey), Mins Etta- O'Brien ; j comedy
acrobats, "' Fyne and Danny : selections? i orches
tra: vocaJ solo, : Domenico Russo.. accompanist'
Miss Marie Giorgiani, and O'Ramey and Dillon
ln T a '• travesty duet, "City " Types." '.with Mies
Ethj-1; Grazer;;. ./,. . .-.V- ., v .".•.--, -• ::-,¦¦ .
Committee ' of ' arrangement* — Rev.v Henry 1 1.
Stark. C S.^P.t (chairman),"; John? A; Mallon.
William H.^ Torpey," Frank J.'Quinn, James J.
Gllmartln, Charles A. ¦ Moraghan; C. E. Nestor
and Joseph A. Garln. ':-¦¦' V ; , ' . * . .
Orchestra, St Mary's College, overture;
opening words, Frank jJ. Sullivan: -trombone
solo. "Hosanna," Alfred Itoncovleri, accom
panist Mies Marie Glorglanl: the Australian
comique, Ted'E. Box.- accompanist Miss Ethyl
Grazer; vocal solo ..< a) recitative and aria.
In December, I SIM. . the first , branch of the
Paulifit order outside of New York was es
tablished at old St. Mary's Church. There
was a significance in this fact. Because, as St.
Mary's, ptanding on ¦ the slope of the; only
street of Pan Francisco called after the State
of California, will always-remaln a landmark
of the energetic and stalwart Celtic pioneers,,
so it was meet and Just that her ancient fame
should be revived. This pioneer cathedral,
after 1S91. glorious with all the memories of
the past, seemed to me to feel that It was
neglected.
* AH people love California. I do not know
why, but there Is something about California
that makes all people love her. 1 David Starr
Jordan Bays it . is her , climate." her scenery
and her freedom of life. Charles F. Lummls
of the Out West says it Is her people. ; I am
sure that.it would- break the hearts of : our
Paulist rathere If they were forced . to leave
us. Let us register a, vow that they will not
be permitted to feel as strangers in our midst.
. The following programme was ren
dered:*
Among those in the boxes were: James
D. Phelan and party, Mrs. Richard To
bin and party, Mrs. Downey. Harvey
and party, Mrs. if. H. de Young , and
party, Mrs. A. H. Payson and party
and Mayor. Schmltz and party.
Members from the Knights of, Colum
bus, the Young Men's Institute and the
Gaelic Dancing Club were also present.
The programme was an elaborate one
and embraced numbers by both profes
sionals and amateurs. S. H. Friedland
er of Fischer's Theater was stage man
ager, and everything consequently
moved like clockwork.^
Frank J. Sullivan opened .the. en
tertainment with a speech pertinent to'
the occasion. He said in part:
Your presence here this evening is the moat
eloquent of tributes to the piety, zeal . and
popularity cf the father* of the Paullst com
munity, and to your lov« of the cathedral of
the Catholic pioneers. In 1875 Bix of the Paul
lst fathers made a. visit. to this city and then
awakened among men and women of all be
liefs a religious enthusiasm until then un
known.
The vaudeville. entertainment for the
benefit of the jubilee improvements in
Old St. Mary's Church attracted a great
crowd to the Alhambra last evening.
The theater was beautifully decorated
with a wealth of long palms and
hundreds of golden chrysanthemums
artistically arranged by Mrs. Solly Wal
ter and Miss Louise Daly. The audito
rium looked like a spacious home resi
dence decorated for an evening recep
tion. The boxes were filled with lovely
women in evening dress,- while every
seat in the building was taken and
many were compelled ; to stand during
the entire performance.^.
E. W. Hazen of Chicago, Western'
agent of a well-known Eastern pub
lication, who is visiting this city, was
the guest of the Ad Club at a banquet
given last night in the conservatory
hall of the Palace Hotel. R. C. Avers,
president of the club, presided at the
gathering, which was entertained by
an interesting talk by the guest of ths
banquet on how California products
should be advertised In the East. He
insisted that the first etep to be taken
in the marketing of any product is to
gain the confidence of the public,
which, once obtained, insured ready
readers of advertising articles pertain
ing to the product and greatly facil
itated the efforts of the producer in
increasing the demand of the product.
. John P. Young, managing editor of
the Chronicle, spoke of the "News
paper's Mission in Advertising Cali
fornia-" He said that the papers were
deeply interested in the welfare of the
State, for Its progress meant greater
circulation for them. He was followed
by Arthur R. Briggs, who dealt with
the past successful work of the State
Board of Trade in advertising the
State- H. P. Stabler, the well-known
fruit man, recited many interesting ex
periences of the fruit men in advertis
ing the dried fruits of California and
strongly advocated liberal advertising
of the product as the best means of
increasing the demand abroad.
"California's Opportunities" was the
'subject discussed by F. J. Cooper, who
was followed by E. M. Swasey with an
address on the "Follow-up Organiza
tion, in an Advertising Campaign." S.
P. Johnson delivered the concluding
speech of the evening, his theme being
-The Advertising Man and His Work."
SICK AND DESPONDENT MAN
WHO FOUND LIFE TOO HEAVY
A BURDEN.
Benefit to Obtain Funds to
Repair St. Mary's Church
Meets With Big* Success
Local Organization Enter
tains a Bepresentative
of Eastern Publications
Phelps came here penniless after his
private > business college in California
was burned. : His textbook for business
colleges won him a local friend, Charles
Ellis, and the Ellis • Publishing- Com-
•:¦ The- police to-day .let the water out
of the mill race, where Phelps was last
seen; but no body was found. The
lakes are being dragged and the county
searched by ; officers;
BATTLE CREEK, Mich.; Oct. 27.—
Neil S. . Phelps, .chairman" of the Phelps
Sanitarium ; and,' tHe, Ellis < Publishing
Company,*, treasurer ¦ of the Malta \Vita
Pure Food Company and a stockholder
in several other local industries," -is
missing.. Leaving home on Suhdayvun
announced, Phelps has neither been
seen \ nor heard of since. . Whether he
committed suicide or left the country
rather: than; face financial embarrass
ment is a* mystery.
One year ago ; Phelps, who had • been
considered - the richest man in ¦ Battle
Creek, called a meeting of his creditors
and said he ¦ could not meet their, de
mands. ; The millions he had imade in
pure food and other, speculations -had
been lost, through unprofitable invest-'
ment in new industries. To give him a
chance to save himself the creditors
gave Phelps a year to repair his losses.
This year ends next Friday and Phelps
cannot, meet his \ creditors. ¦ He ; had
worn out". his brain in an- effort to fill
the financial breach, . until, broken in
health and mentality, it is positive that,
whether, he ; has 1 committed suicide or
fled, : his mind was unbalanced.
Special' Dispatch; to s Tb« Call.
WILL IMPROVE
OLD LANDMARK
HAZEN GUEST
OF AD CLUB
Neil S. Phelps Disappears
on the Eve of an Account
ing With ; His Creditors
ONCE WEALTHY
MAN MISSING
SCHENECTADY.'N. T., Oct. 27.—
Speeding along at , the rate of from
fifty-five to sixty miles an .hour, -while
scores^ of men prominent in railroad
and" electrical circles stood by, an
electric locomotive 'which ¦ was ¦ built by
the General Electric and American Lo
comotive Companies for the - New
York Central Terminal service in New
York • thoroughly demonstrated | to-day
that it will ultimately provide- high
speed motive power . for railroad traffic.'
It is expected to develop a speed of 100
miles an hour.
A short run . was made down the
track' at about forty miles an: hour
and then the • private car which
brought the New York Central officials
to the scene was coupled; on and^with
W. K. Vanderbilt Jr. at, the controller,
four miles of track was traversed.
With his hand on the controyer, Van
derbilt was, in his element and he
threw back the' lever another notch,
letting the engine forge ahead at sixty
miles an hour. 1- : -
Special Dispatch to ' The Call,
W. K. Janderbilt <Jr. Fearlessly
Officiates at the Throttle in
the Trial Trip/:
to Be ; CapaWe ol
Ranning One Hundred -'¦
Miles an Hour.
Young W. Casteel, who in June shot
and almost killed President Durham
of the Durham Business College, swal
lowed carbolic acid last Wednesday
night and ended his life. His trial
on the chargt? of an assault with intent
to commit murder was to have begun
in Judge Slogan's court yesterday.
Casteel was an invalid. He came
here about a year ago. His dispute
with President Durham was concern
ing money matters, he having charged
Durham with getting the best of him
In a transaction involving Casteel's in
terest in the college. Casteel's body
was found yesterday morning in his
room at 480 Ellis street, the St. Kath
ryn Hotel. A glass which had con
tained carbolic acid lay at his side.
He left several notes to friends, the
most explicit of which regarding his
Intention was one addressed to A. A.
Cronk. In this he asked Cronk to
Bee to the disposition of his baggage
and himself.
Continuing he wrote as follows:
If it can be so rnanaped I would be glad to
cave things attended to as quietly as possible.
Am inclosing; key to my trunk. Wight keep
eutt case, too — thlnpa left In closet of no value.
Thack all the folks and the boys for kind
ness and give them come kind of evening
when you can get them torether. My brother.
TV. G. Casteel, Meridian, Miss., will attend to
m-hat«?ver expense is Incurred — have sent him
a check to cover everything. Yours.
T. W. CASTEEI*
Another letter to Hotel Clerk Met
calf gives instructions as to the dis
position of his effects. The following
paragraph occurs: "Inclosed find some
cigar money for yourself and a five
for Mr. Dick, our good-natured ele
vator man."
Albert A. Cronk. when inter
riewed yesterday, said that he did not
believe the cause of Casteel's suicide
*-a s owing to the trial, but that he had
been despondent and ailing. He said
that Casteel had visited Europe in
srarch of cure and had failed. His
euicide was a surrender to disease
and despondency.
R. L. Durham, president of the Cali
fornia Business College, made a state
ment last night in which he said that
although Casteel had deliberately at
tempted to kill him he bore the un
fortunate man no ill will. He said
that in the interest of society he felt
compelled to with the .prose
rution, but felt no animosity and the
prosecution was distasteful to him. He
further said that he felt sympathy for
the family of the unfortunate man and
considered him mentally irresponsible.
DIES AT A HOTEL
M Engine Tested
.onNew York
Drinks Acid in Room
and Escapes Trial
on Felony Charge
YOUNG W. CASTEEL ENDS LIFE WITH POISON
HIGH SPEED
OF ELECTRIC
LOCOMOTIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO PGABK FRIDAY; OCTOBER :2S,; 1904.
CRONK'S OPINION
Sickness of Long Dura
tion Brings About
Despondency.
Durham's Assailant
Writes Notes to
Several Friends
5
AJPVEKTISEMEyTS.
Faint Spells
'Are very often attributed to biliousness.
and tb<? stomach is treated to cathartics.
That's wrong.
Faint spells are often accompanied by
; biliousness, but you will also ... notice
shortness of breath, asthmatic breathing,
• oppressM feeling in chest, weak or hun-
gTy spells, which are all early symptoms
of heart weakness.
; Don't make the mistake of treating the
. etomacb when the heart Is the source of
the trouble.
Dr. Miles'
New Heart Cure
Will strengthen the nerves and muscles
of the heart, and the fainting spells. , to-
gether wjth all other heart troubles.. will
disappear.
• "Four years ago I was very low with
heart trouble, could hardly, walk. One
day I had a fainting spell, and thought I
would die. Soon after I began using Dr.
Miles' Heart Cure, and after, taking three
bottles I feel ¦ that I am cured." — MRS.'
EFFIE CLOUGH, Kl Is worth Falls,
Maine. -
The first bottle will benefit, if not, the
druggist will return your money. .
j EVER/ BLADE WRRANTED ¦
I*, .^patents' a)
WE:HOPEYOU;WILLDOnJSTH£;RAyOR TO DOUBT
OUR ABILITY JO SELL SI 5 SUITS F0R^10"AND COME'
AND SEE. ;_ ' '; : -—
THEN WE'LL NOT;ONLY.-HAV^THE'PLEASURE"OR
SHOWING YOU THESE SUITS, BUT-WEmii GET THE
CHANGE TO SHOW YOU- HOW: ;SPLE^DIDLY, COM-'
PLlTELY-AND'ECON(^ICAliLYC^CAN0'OGiYOU"
OUT FROMfHATTO SHOjES: I
we sell everytIw^a^^
jNO!<FiNp?A?L f ARQ^
FOUR WALLS OF/ApteMllTING^ESTABLilSHMENT
IN THE CITY^NDlTj^FFEBEN^BETWEEN ;OUR^
;PRiCEStAN0HOSElCJ*l^
SKY-HIGH RENT' DI^ICT^n^OREN>YOUR!EyESi
IN^MAZEMENT^o^lS " "
ITIS OUR;COMBI|ATibN f Q^fflfc- BUSINESS AMD"
SMALL;EXPE:N^|rHATAlTOWSl^O}A
SUCHJ SLED»HAMMtR!8l:6WSi\!SHIGH^RICESr
WITH 'FROM TOUR Ttf?TENlTIMES^R^ENThAND
WITH:P0LLARS-0FJEXRENSEe ; iWliERE^WE^.HAVE
DIMES, ;l^EmERCHANTSvOVER : :0N^ KEXRNK^NLT
!MARKETiSmE^|WOUL®StAt^
PRbFITSTHATiMAKEiUS ¦
-LET|S GET^^UAINTEp.-
FRANK BIIX>S.
IS) Creat Big Store With t be Uttfe^FHces
Cor. Keorny and Sacramento Sts,
: ADVKKTISEMENTS.
For Infants and Children,
n.3 Kind You Havs Always Bought
Bears the; ¦¦• //^jFT^t^-
Signature of C^xs^/^ £&&£&&
/i'THE" EarPORTOM. t . ; THE EMPORIUM. , i' . TtffiEMPORIPL
~~'~" ------- • ¦¦ ---¦" ...¦-¦- - -.-,......... ...
.-;... :.-'-, ;; .'..--_ : , .,?.,- •;¦„¦..-.¦ ; .- : ". > ;;; r».v-' ¦ >i' /.. --¦¦;-¦ ; : - '"'. ... .'¦- •„ • *
sax \&A4 iJtuvtv utCUw? — Kj^x&^-^^^I I
We have secured a manufacturer's samples of one of the p^^^K^Sy £
most representative lines of women's hosiery and underwear K AwfWWk '?
(both foreign and domestic makes) that is offered in the United fe^^^||Sr)|j i
States at an average of less than half usual- wholesale prices, H^ M|S^|/ $
and to-day and Saturday offer this great purchase at these as- [^ *|8fi^ll|» %
tonishing prices: ' ' ' ®®f 'l3ff|if& *«
..Women's 25c and 35c Hose, per pair .... ..... 16o ,.-»'" ! w^liiir ' *?
Women's 50c to $1.00 Hose, per pair . . . . . . • • 26o \ • \xjMlff ' j«
Women's 25c and 35c Lisle Vest and ; Pants, each • • • 16c \ w^lf "%
Women's 50c Lisle Vests, Pants and Union Suits • • • 26o ilii ""*
Women's 75c Vests, Pants and Union Suits ..... .36c i«
Women's $1.25 arid $1.50 Vests and Pants ..... . 7Bb £
Women's $2.50 to : >5,'00 Silk Vests and Union ; Suits'. $1.26 |
Big Sale Tooth, Nail \ and Hair Brushes |
For Two Days at About Half Prico jj
Hah* Brush— -Full iize, veneer back, WhisK Brooms- — Large «ize,-,good- ttock, j^
_^^ • bristle stock.' worth 35c . ...¦:.-: 17G worth 15c, for ........ . . . 9o *
W^y-^J^^^^ S' Hair? Brush— -A'aminum ; sanitary back, 2 .stiff Hand and Nail Brushes— Solid borxwood v
bristie stock, worth 65c, for .. . . 36C 'b«ck, stifFbriitlc itock, -worth 25c and 35c, for . X
§£<i§P' Hafr Brush- Solid back, pure bristle, a good • • • • • •• • '^'\'V : " * I 1 ?, 0 Jj
mW* * 1.00 value, for . . ... . . .53c Tooth finishes - Polished • bons handle, .j
; '/S^- >^^~***r\ —-."¦ ¦'- ». ¦ 'e i'j > l l i . • 1 -£ • ' white bnstle itock, worth 2<c, for . . . . 13c &'
¦T^SsMMS. Hair Brush— Sond back, long bristles, hne children's Tooth Brmhes — 15c quality, ipedal *
.: .. VHHiMfiimimilW* stock, worth $ l. 50, -for . . . . . 78C tale price . .'.... . ' . „ •.- So J»
Goat and Jacket Days 25c Dolls He \
/$k -s3#t2*P^£'->- '¦ Friday and Indestructible; .just /GZ^S *
A ipeciai display and offer- have pretty ff/. u l) '*
ing f of thc ncw raid - $c9Son faces, either dark (7 \\ -«
: -^$?$£^ " d or light curly., hair, W x ; \a |
/m \^Nx w\ m • -^i lTfu i acket8 * and dressed with hi r \ 5
/M \ 1a\Dl J£& J ni\\\\ • Smm Covert or B!ack CIoth fancy chemise: 12^ tf ' ¦' t A \ S
•/j\l * wOFt£S| 0 1 i4)*A J ack ct, lined throughout . . . inches long; very -'V. %
AIM liPniSo <>! Hi * * * '* * • * $G ' 75 f pe > ial s f le v ii e ' Z
VVfesA ft life -4^>1 "I " | 8l I Stylish Box Keney Jacket to-dav only . -tic -y'V *
rrr f \\ h^mM^ u Hands , om^ - b! l ck and naF7 Wrappers &] tffl i
II J li j /wPp£i?raa cheviot fitted jackets . . . . '. =-^- *& M m B %J v%
It" '^ ; '¦ \ \ '¦ I • ¦ ¦'-. .£ fcftjcB '¦'"-'' -$12m5O »nd $13m5O \ 'Very heavy grade flannelette, in; good %
\J I 'I \\ \ :-jTJ*C&P-t-.- Nobby English Covert Coth patterns, made light fitting back, 5
'//¦ II' ill f ]* c^ ei — Handsomely ttnpped, lined throughout with fine loose front, deep yoke,. with rufHs 3i
\\/ :'.m ': % iflJ. ,-. t«ffst« «'ki and beautifully tailored. . . . . . . trimmed in fancy wash braid.biahop * *J
Sfcfc-sw. f '-JM ' • • $18.50, S20.00, S22.50, $25. OO ,' ee . e . fi«ed lininjr and wide fnll 3«
WZWBfctHad&BSk 3/ Length Tourist Coats- Of black cheviot and manniih *[" TCS ! " llnln ?, »m» Wiae lull
WfemWmQfflFJk mixtorei, aU «ixei . . . . . . ..... . . .$7,60 skirt, sizes 34 to 42, to-day only X
WnBliHra 2* Length Fine Touriit Coat — In brown or gray mixtures ....... ... $1*10 \
¥"// iSHw&UiBttL ' '*'"./»* ' i" /. '/-rl * ,* '¦ U, * ",'«" i '„' ' ***"*'0 Good flannelett: Wrapoen, made with pointed •*
nish^ix^re'. " S/i'sS y°^» «J«v«, front and tighr $
¦ 'tjJt 'T^3?ldK*i : ' Many other stylei novelty touriit top coats, in plain colors _, * ' * * * *."••»* * " *~* I . -• *
and mixtures, from ...... 3/5.OO to W5.CO FI« Heavy Flannel Wrapper- Perfect fit- J
Women's Cravenette Rain Coats S13.5O, S14.5O ; P'«^»ck, front cudmed with sutched %
m^^ mmmmmmmmmmmmm^^ m^^^ m^^^^^^ mmm^ mm n mm^^ mmammmmmmmmmmm iB mm^^^^ mm bands m bolero effect, full assortment of ,*
&SmWiMM^^!^M^$ Butter Sale i
.The greatest value in men » Honery the big store has ever effired— a dozen or more broken _ ., , _ , w
: r ;iineiof3Sc, 50c and even 75c hosiery, marked to c"ose out Friday »n4 Sat- § m 9 0^ Friday and Saturday. J
v urday, all at one special price, per pair . ... .;:....... .'. ".':"/ m m C Fresh churned Creamery ".Butter, our; H
Correct Gloves — Fall and winter 1904-05, styles and colors of Dent's and Fowhe's high-; il*nal . superior quality, *&X7f% %
, 'grade'glovej for men, for both dress and street wear. .-,."- ¦ regular size square . .' . . . x
Pent's^GWs $1,85 pr | Fowne's Gloves $1,50 | The Emporium Gloves $1,00 Nabisco Wafers— 3 flavors, tin . . . 24o £
Men's Neckwear— Hundreds of dozens new fall styles, in the 2 V-^ch four-b-hand tecks Milchner Herring— Large fish '. .7 f°*25o ,%
I and iquarcs, the new silks that fashionable men arc wearing in New . York, 'London and Im P° rte f 2 ue «n Olives— oce kind . . 37o {»
Paris, each. . . . . ... . . . .......;..... ...-.-. . . . SOo Sw ; ss Cheese -Best unported, lb . . . 29o J
u » ' r» . t> W , -a' £ 1. • —^ ¦¦***. Cape Cod Cranberries — Extra quality, vutOo"< m
Men's Pajamas— Domet Flannel, warm, fleecy, very fuU.cut, suit '.. ..... $l.O0 Table Claret-4 years old, gallon . . 33o $
Men's Sweaters— Pure all-wool, in plain, navy, tan, Oxford and all combinations $2*50 Jesse Moore AA Whisky Bottle.' . . 8IO '*
Men's Underwear— L^nen Mesb, "~"™"""""" 1 ™ """""^T™"™"""^"™"" 1 "^™^"™ 1 ™^™ 1 '™"^""^™ 1 "! Cedar Run Bourbon Whiaky — k
, : guaranteed pure linen; garment «sasM^as|^ S~2^ Gallon. . . '."/. . $1,95' -?
• • • $2, SO *f£/ - ¦- f ' "'* Gannjmede Pure Rye— "76",**. it
Boys' Sweaters-Pure all-wool, at VZtf Q £/C)JM^ J*%Sb£ M 1 1 Z£f botte • ' •;> ••> • 7Bo < %
in fancy strips, all sizes . . '8r //C^^/laVt/vi^i^i^r/L. Apricot Brandy— Choic=; bottle }t
. . . ... . . $1.OO CALIFORNIA'S >»°^~- / iMM^l '~ * " * *, ' V* ''856 J
¦« ___-^-Bp|^^^B^B^^^^^^^^^ Sauternc— Sonoma Co., 5-ycar- '%
Juvenile Departmeyii. nyiyjijjjajiBiii America's grandest store old, gallon. . . . . 82o *
%Wa*aWa'a"a'a'aa'aaaaa*'a'a'a'aa'a;*aa^^^
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fur Gapes and
Collarettes
¦KHBhsjBa0BBJ^*MBJCBBf«M^pSJHASjMlBjSjM^Bni
HALF-PRICE
SALE
To-Day «id Saturday Only.
The goods will remain - marked at their
regmlar prices— «1 75 to $65 OO-
Tou can look them ' over to your heart s
content— pick out • the " stylo that pleases
: you , best — and pay us , Just one- half • tha
price that Is plainly, marked on the ticket.
Our word for It. -you will get a bargain
that will keep-yoa marveling; for many a
day to come.
9r\. I J^^^kZ^^Hft^LsMflBMSAaaUajHsUlHB^D
¦ jfna >^ci^s'rnnM^ w^'^™ gT^^ * ¦¦¦'" J ~
Schools and Co //eyes,
- . ¦ . .- *.-.-.>..¦-.•. . . • -. .'--•¦¦¦• - ~~
LEADING i BUSINESS COLLEGE , OT % THS
sjMWBMWWMMMtV W IIJA'J»^BMMWsB""wMs1
Over 24 Post st.. San FTindseo. CaL
Eatab. «0 years. Open tntlre year, day A al*!lt.
Writ* for . circular* ' (fres). ¦• -ARRIVKD. ¦} ;V
..'¦¦..: - -. ..;.-¦ Oct.; 27.' *
' Stmr Gii>8y. Gray.', 26 hours ; rrom ¦' Monterey.'
'>¦'. Stmr Geo ' I#6omi». : - BadKer, !.7S * hour? " from
Seattle.-- .,'¦•:-•.,"¦*¦ -.-"¦:- ".- "'.: -'..-: -' r \'\
• Schr Jr» A . Qarfleld, ' Norby, 14 days from
•Everett." > ' ¦.-'"¦ "•¦;•¦¦'->* ' ¦:'.! ¦ «;-•'
..-\ ¦¦¦¦¦¦. ••> rv, sailed. :-;¦:¦.. ¦¦¦¦¦•.¦¦:._
>¦•»• :'-v ¦¦': ."e .1 . . : .'.."..ATh urs^ a y< '• -Oct.' 27."" ;
I'/Schr Newark. -;Reih'erUen t :^-^-. .-.>«:*..>'/¦;?¦--".
***Stmr Paaadenar Henrlcksen.'t'Kureka;'/ -v. ' V
outsuje: bound; in— midnight.; i-.-V
&< ,-: .;;: :r, •- , ' ,: ':
\': ».' .-.' - 1 • ; 'J DOMESTIC r PORTS.'^'VjVv. w ¦ r> :
.;" ABEHDEEN-^'ArrHed^ Oct '¦¦. 27-r-Scbr. . Com-^
p«*r.".hence^OctiX0."^ ! V' ¦':. { . I- , ¦-¦' ;".'-'- i't'-^'^xi
Sailed } Oct. 27— Schr Meteor, f of , San < Pedro";
¦dir rresthftr/Buhne.v I or.'. San j Pedro; ', «chrc-Vo.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
• -.The ' lady* tennis 7 players of the Gojd
e'n^Gate'ClubJwiU'hold'a scratch dou
bles '^tournament , to-morrow •*. for .-- the
three-time cups. Miss ¦ Van- Vllet and
Miss iWeed ; last; tournament
of ithis klndh ivThe ;teams Idrew as fol
lows : V Miss D. TWeed and ;Miss S. Van
Vliet ' vs:JMiss J G: JSayldr and- : Miss A.
Sear :i Mi39 "VA'Beyf uss Land yMiss * M.
:W6rcester- vs.* Miss. D."- Mills 'and • Miss
E "'Hess ; ; Miss* V V.- Crocker ¦ and . Ml9s - 1.
Mearns " vs.'. Miss A'. . Vodden ; and ' Miss
G. ; Myer.,.; v . ':'?¦':: . J^\ .;¦ ***"¦• • •. :<¦-•-.:¦•
Ladles : on .the Tennis Courts.
, - OAKLAND; Oct. 27.— : The following
marriage' licenses; were issued by tne
County; Clerk to-day: ; ¦ Fred Arnold,:
25, , and Jessie Balm, 2 5,"; both of Oak
land;: Joseph h; Libbey, '26; and Alice
K., Shine. 23; both of San Francisco;
August. W.-Menke,. 21, and, Ida M
Powell, 19, both •of: Oakland; JohnH.
Ne]sqn^32; t andiEugene.^Wolff, 22, "both
'of Frultvale ; ¦ Haf.ding Ml^Kennedy, 3 3,
-Berkeley,^ and'vAlma i L.' /Schmidt, 29,
Livefmbre; rManuertD;"Mendonca,' 22;
and •Mary*iMacifil.717n'-bQt.h of Hay
iwards.'".; ; ~ ; -"« ':>.*':>' V'~ : : +*•¦:* *&.»',:•: '¦¦•}''!
Marriasre Licenses.
the subway opened '• to-day is . but the
first ¦ stage, when completed will ; make
New York unique ; among ? the world's
cities Its twenty-six; miles of under
ground^ tracks, elevated structures and
viaducts; over ; which will run. express
trains at i nearly . a mile a minute; will
reach , to the! city?s northern and south-;
em limits; ...
'-" The -building . of the subway has cost
120 lives. V ; ._ :..¦' .'¦" '". - .'¦',¦ .
Freeb^rg g and roCpnductor ' ' W. F.
Jones wer^.the!- sole •occupants of the
car at. the~ flmJei-Vrhej^telenhoned to
the police; but.no- clew-.coiiia^be ob
tained as- to T the" identity of th'e 'high
wayman.- '-," v .: -,
OAKLAND.. pit , 27.— A lone hlgh
waymanT masked .w'ith a white hand
kerchief, to hold up elec
tric car- No. 54 : : at Hollis street and
Yerba Bue,na avenue shortly before
midnght to-nighjt. i -He Jumped on the
front platfqrm and ..commanded O. S.
Freeberg t ,to ¦ throw up . n j s . hands, but
the latter;. made i.a': rush at the -high
wayman,\.who/nredione^shot and then
disappeared -in ithedarknessl ,. ': ¦?*••
• SAN JOSE, Oct. 27.— Louis A.\Vogt,
a carpenter residing^ at 282; East "St.
James street,.-^ left home -yesterday,
morning with ; the firm determination
of committing suicide :on' his mother's
grave. -In the meantime his family be
came "alarmed " and ' asked the Sheriff's
office' to i. find Vogt and prevent ; him
from ikillingihimself.; -He i was .found
near^the ) Grand .View, House in 1 an, ex-;
hausted 'condition ". and badly; bruised
and. scratched '.from falls lie had re
ceived along the" road.':. r . _ .; .-..;¦¦ ~;
He stated;, that he' had intended go-;
Ing direct to; Oak Hill- Cemetery ? and
killing himself on, his mother's -grave. 5
He also said. that he had. a .letter, to, the
Coroner ; in ,¦' his ". pocket: : , Vpgt < is ; 5 0
years of • age, and , has . been in", ill health
for xso'me;.;Ume .and/. has : become
despondent^ '¦.-¦ ; ; ~< .V. :- r " ¦' - ;. A .
FIRES SHOT AT MOTORMAN *'-
AND THEN TAKES TO HEELS
DESPONDENT < MAN'S . PLANS .
TO. " KILL \ HIMSELF FOILED
OAKLAND. Oct. 27.— The special
committee on municipal water supply
will on Saturday make a tour of in
vestigation of the artesian well belt
in the Niles district. There are three
projects connected with the procuring
of a supply from that region under
consideration by. the committee. These
are the Dornln proposition, M." K.
Miller's proposal -and, . one which has
not been divulged by the committee
Will Inspect Artesian Belt.
' Six fast, boxing bouts will take place
this evening at Buejia " j .Vista M Park,
Kausali to, ' for. the | benefit of the Fire
Department of that city. Jack Burke
and Fred .Landers, ; the -aggressive
young lightweights of this- city, will
appear in a ten-roundabout, .the .main
event of the evening. boys have
been', training hard for; weeks past and
a" great battle should result when they
meet in the ring. .:¦.••.¦ *
Frank McGrath of Sausalito and Joe
Gorman, of this city are /billed ' to' ap
pear for the lightweight championship
of : Marin County in a-'ten-round*mix
up. The rest of the card; is as follows:
Andy Peterson: » vs. Frank Moreida,
"Tanglefoot" -McGovern- vs. Joe Hig
gins, ; Jim -Lowney vs. Pete : Riley and
Louis Burns vs.' the.Saginaw.Kid; all
four rounds. . A special . boat .will leave
for this city " Immediately ¦; after the
fights;-;-' • ;,»; /--''•• ; , .\"- ¦. ."-
Good Bouts Are Expected When Likely
Lads Meet in Uie' Ring To
' Night at ' San sn 11 to. :'" ; ' ' :
CLEVER BOXERS BILLED • ,
TO APPEAR AT BENEFIT
Merchant , of Berkeley Carries Out
Improvement Plans -.With
Aid of Revolver.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27.— Daniel F.
Duggan, a merchant of West/Berkeley]
owning property' at Third and Camel
lia streets, used a revolver, this morn
ing to intimidate Bert Roland. a..rail
road secti<m foreman and several la
borers, while he filled in a deep ditch
lying between the Duggan property
and the railroad track. The ditch, has
eaten away so much of the street that •
it 1b difficult for Duggan: to drive a'
wagon along the west side of his store
and so he decided to fill lip the crevice'
Ordered to desistby Foreman Roland
h« promptly procured a .gun, and the
section foreman then abandoned 'the
field. Duggan has . had . trouble : with 1
the railroad cpmpany - before,' when
an effort: was made -to ' place a spur
track on hia estate.^ For several days
Duggan and hia ¦ wife took turns
guarding the land with firearms pre
pared to enforce what they believed
to be their rights.
r Mr." Hirta"s-'was>~a*'promirient figure
in the political history of this county
for several years. . In 1883 he' was
elected . County Recorder and * served
three successive. terms as such. , At the
time "of his death "he "was engaged ih
the; realTCState business.*" He had not
beenUn good health? for,, a long" time.
In June laet he was-operated upon at
Fabiola Hospital and 'neverr fully re
covered from the shock. He remained
in the', hospital until a'few weeks ago.
Funeral services, .' to be held at
.the chapel of the Oaklafid Crematory
October 28, at 11 a. m.,. conducted by
Rev. W. M. ' Jones, pastor of the First
Unitarian Church,' .will be followed by
incineration. .
. OAKLAND, OcL 27.— Firman .D.
Hinds,. ex-County Recorder of Alame
da County; died last night at his resi
dence, 1602 Twelfth street/
• .- Mr.- Hinds was born in • Newfound
land, r JC v J., May 26, 1846. He had
been a resident of Oakland since 1866,
and. in -a8 7 2- was -married in- this city
to'MIsVEmma 'Lawlory who survives
hjmwith two children, .Vida and Ed
gar *. Hinds. ' ,'; " ; ; ¦} - •' ¦ 'J ¦ ' . . .-
After a Long Illness Man Once Promi
nent in Republican County Poli
tics Passes Away.
GUN PLAY FRIGHTENS
RAILROAD FOREMAN
F, D. HINDS,. FORMER
RECORDER, IS DEAD
ALAMEDA,: Oct. 27.-rClty Trustee
William - M. \ Bowers, chairman of ( the
electric light and power committee of
the municipal board, has served notice
upon the three remaining members of
that body that if they do > not 'support
him in his demand for the resignation
of Superintendent G. A. Wiese of the
city's electric plant he will follow the
example of City Trustee Dr. H. " M.
Pond,- who resigned last; Monday
night.
President J. ' F. ' Forderer said; . \ "I
received Mr, Bowers', letter, and have
not yet decided, what stand I; will take
in the matter. Thus far no action
has been taken on the demand for the
superintendent's resignation and the
matter is pending." ¦'..', .:¦'',
Alameda City TrusteeSays :He, Will
Resign if Wiese-Reniairis- " /
•. Superintendent. - ¦ ; -. V :l r
LIGHT PLANT TROUBLES 'i V i
MAY CAUSE : A VACANCY
That was all on that subject, but
Captain Nance proceeded to relieve
his mind on another topic, saying:
"Another thing which shows your
lack of discipline is the habit some of
you have of wearing part of your uni
form about the campus outside of the
drill hour. Of course, .what you do
outsiae the drill hour is no concern of
mine', but I intend to see President
Wheeler and learn whether the matter
can be remedied."
Captain Nance was to give his first
lecture in tactics and all the seniors
and many of the Juniors were present
in the Srill hall to listen.' Before the
time for instruction began the men
walked about the room, pushing
chairs as they secured seats. Captain
Nance objected decidedly to the noisy
ways of the students, saying:
"You lack discipline, ' apparently.'
You have acted like school boys-to
day, and if necessary will be treated
like school boys. As men you ought
to be able to take your seats noise
lessly."
BERKELEY, Oct. 271— Senior ' ca
dets who report to Captain Nance,
commandant at the . university, . re
ceived a scoring this ..morning from
their superior officer which made
many of them blush.
Captain Nance Tells University Men
They Behave Like School Boys
VJ^at a Lecture.
SENIORS SCORED BY .
MILITARY OFFICER
•^OAKLAND, Oct. 27. — By the over
ruling of a demurrer to-day Judge
;Ogdeh v has decided that warrrants un
der which settlements were made
upon school lands in Monterey. Coun-.
ty under the law of 1853 : give , the
holders of them a title to the land
•whenever- they fulfilled their obliga
tions. . ' , .[' : '
• . The > decision virtually decides the
case of M. Brandenstein against J. H.
vWhltham - of-\Berkeley, who has been
endeavoring • to dispossess the former
"of ~6|0 acres of $ land under the . plea
Jfcbat ihe la\tf,*iijSi(ier which Branden
steln, claimed '.ownership hail ;been.;re7
pealed- prior "to- th^time he took pos
session. The warrant Brandenstein
purchased, howeyer, had been issued
while the- law was in force and is held
to be groodlVc. .... "' ; . • Hi •
: Judge Holds Early Warrants Give
••VSettlerg Title to Property {Where .,
• ;; ;» . Obligations Are Fulfilled.
Bids for the construction of .the addition to
the Harmon -• Gymnasium, estimated I to cost
about $12,000. are being received by the uni
versity authorities. Architect John Galen
Howard drew the nlans. . . • , .
Undergraduate candidate for degrees, to the
number of 190. have filed notices of their can
didacy in the colleges of letters, social sciences,
natural sciences, commerce and agriculture.
In the engineering college there are Jp5- can
didates. - . . . .
For the university meeting In the Harmon
Gymnasium at 11 o'clock Friday morning, the
speakers will be Rev. Bradford Leavitt, pastor
of th« First • Unitarian Church of San Fran
cisco, and William Greer Harrison, president
of the San Francisco Olympic Club. Mr. Har
rison will -speak on "Athletics and Health." ;
Mr. Leavittrs .subject wUl.be "What AH the
World's a-Seeking." ;
Co-eds of • the university have determined to
take an active part in the rooting at the
big football game on November 12. Under the
leadership of Misa Alice Joy, who wrote the
prize football song, the girls will sing in
chorus during the Intercollegiate game. They
will wear blue and gold hats and occupy a
separate section. >,'¦•• * . ¦
-The Glee Club of the university is to make
a. tour of Nevada during the Thanksgiving va
cation. Reno,- ¦-. Carson City-' and' Nevada City
probably will.be visited. .- ; . ' .
BERKELET. Oct. 27.— Twenty-four" 1 alumni
of the University of California, now llviii&vln
South Africa; have sent to Professor ; AV> Gil
Lawson $440 as their contribution toward'ihV
Le Cqnte iiemorial Lodge dedicated laet sum-
mer In \ the Tosemlte Valley. .' T»is. ; . granite
lodj^e, erected as a memorial to Professor ' Le
Conte and as a Tosemtte headquarters; for -the
Sierra Club, has already been •completely. jMild'
for by subscriptions o f- friends of .Dr. Le
Conte, amounting to over' $5000..' This 'South';
African contribution will be \ used, .therefore,
together with certain other funds that are be
ing raised for a. bronze bust of D"r.' Le Conte '*
to be placed in the Le- Conte Lodge. ¦ --....
The results of the forest fires which spread
in . the hills down , upon the Santa Monica
Forestry ; Station have now been reported to
the university by A. .V. Stubenrauclr, - assistant'
professor : of horticultural in .charge'- of subr- ¦
stations. The main groves of trees' are prac
tically uninjured. Buildings were burned, but
the "only damage to the plantations was to the 1
stock intended for distribution. "Qf the 60 00O
young trees, which had been started w< ib the
Intention of distributing them throughout 'the
State, only 25,000 survived.
IMPORTANT RULING IN = '
SCHOOIi IiAND CASE
UNIVERSITY EVENfS
Alameda County
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 27.
James Davidson, (widower) to Andrew.. J.
Nor and Fred G. Eiben lot on W line of
Campbell street, 25:7 N from Atlantic. N SO
by XV 74:3. lots 24 and 25. block 601. Gibbons
property at Oakland Point. Oakland; $3. -
Charlotte Cllft (single) to Giovanni and Mary
Ghigllone. lot on S lln« of West Thirteenth
street. 160 E of Campbell. E 25 by S 125. Oak.
land; $10.
Roger Sherman Day (single) to Abbls I*
and Alice M. Marston, lot en N lln* of East
Twenty-nrat street. 425 E of Twenty-first ave
nue. N 140 by W 38. block 67, Northern Ad
dition. East Oakland: 910.
Alameda County Land Company to WHllatn
R. Sloan, lot 37. block 152. revis«d map of
property of Alameda County Land Company,
block 132. East Oakland; $10. '
Mary J. Thorn to Minnie T. Boon* (daugb>
ter). 154 square fset. being lot 49, ia plat 30l
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Township;
gift.
Martha XL Elrod (widow) to Warrqn B and
Ora S. Ewer, (wife) as Joint tenants, lot oa
W line of Vernal avenue 200 N of Vista ave
nue. N 100 by W 182, lot 6 block 4, Piedmont
Park. Oakland Heights. Oakland Township;
Rebecca F. Dean* et al. to W J. Hotchklss
lot beginning at point on line between plat*
74 and 70, distant 781.25 SE from S line of
plat 77. thence SE 249.07 to N l!n» of land
now x>r formerly of Frederick Ruaa, thenc*
SW 020 to center line of Telegraph, road, or
Claremont avenue, thence N 324.80 NB 727 32.
to beginning, portion of plat 75. " Kellersber
ger*s Map ofj Ranchos V. and D, Peralta,
Berkeley; $10. . - . , • •-¦
Qarence Grange to John A. McCllntle. tot
on S line of Emerson street. 823:2 W of Shat
tuek avenue. W 38:4 by S 100^ portion of lot.
T and 8 block K. map of portion of Newbury
Tract, in plat 01. .Peralta Rancno Berkeley;
Sarah A. McKw (by S. B. McKeo. attor^ty)
to Peter Coleman* lot 1. block S map of Santa
ET m J raCt & B « rkrte y: »l»o «ot 8. block 3.
same map (deed and agreement). Oakland: f 10
#"?! Mal ? a^? (widow) to H. DombrinX. toi
S -»I^q k e S'tJ^*" ¦*'••*. '0 S of Eighteenth.
,^, :9 , by ~S ** P° r «on of lot 3. block E. map
of block 237^ owned by North Oakland Horn.
stead Association. Oakland- |10 ««""
Bessie B. Merriam (single) to' Pat BLRyaa
single), subdivisions 7, 10. 11 and 1^ ln7o°
? n ; iT P r°L, K Y* subdlvisloa of
Tr < a a C k 1 alTd: Pl , a 1 V M -
Maria O'Brien Single) to Marv A v»,, t ,.
T^- flVV 00 , s liJ fne of s ««^nt1r SSffl
.0 STV of East Sixteenth street. 8W 70 by
232.2 from Intersection with W line of N»w
D. W. and Mary C. or Mrs D W 'vr*
l»^ m ? A " and Wlliartl B " HlrTington (ta«
*£*.#: |S bIOCk B ' B^-Bangs Tict.
rawTTf^*!! nd c °"«*Br (corporation) to
§» i^rfVT ' lot °" w U«« ot Regent street.
G tL? O!*son. S 5O by W 140. lot J. block
¦ -r. rl 7' BanS9 Tract 2 - Berkeley- <ia
j-^!it T P^'^^nt Company to/ Joseph
X. Mason, lot at Intersection of-' E" line of
S P ? n f n?*!5 Wlth dIvldln * »n«- between lots
to^w- T er , (bT i° hn N - BI »h°P. Sheriff)
JF-, 1^' ylor ' lotB 3 to T > OI > Pacific avenu«.
and lots 1« to IS. block 46. T. A.. amUa"i
Encinal. Atameda; J40. • ' ¦ .
t T^^^EP " V7ITH "TO* MAILS.—O»k
land. Oct. 27.— Frank Sylvester. IS yean of
age. was taken from the County Jail here to
day to answer before United States CommU
slontr Manley In San Francteco to a chare*
of tampering with the malls. He took a
package off a box at San Lorenzo where h»
lives. He afterward returned the content* »f
the package to the owner, but a complaint had
already been made.
the topic discussed byE. F. Adams. He
said a business man is one who knows
what will pay in his business. The mis
takes made by farmers who neglect
simple business principles, who operate
without regard to cause and effect and
permit political managers to fool them
into betraying their own Interests, were
described by the speaker, who said In
conclusion:
It appears that when the farmer uses the
brains he has to deal with his aflairs in a
business like way; to locate and stop all
wastes of production; to produce as far as he
can only the best of its kind; to grade It hon
estly and sell it for what it is; to «»^P el *J*
faithfully with his fellows; to cultivate friendly
relations with his salesmen, his bankers and
his customers; then will he demonstrate his
power of economic survival and vindicate his
right to be called a business man.
Professor Elwood Mead, chief of irrU
gation and drainage investigations,
United States Department of Agricul
ture, Washington, D. C, told the Insti
tute how desirable it is that a depart
ment of agricultural engineering be es
tablished at. the California State Uni
versity. He said that It is a branch of
engineering which has long been recog
nized in Europe, but which has not un
til the last decade been taught in this
country. Conditions are changing, how
ever, and "Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota
and Nebraska- have provided for such
instruction, or contemplate doing so,
in special buildings or with special ap
pliances and instructors. ¦
The greater opportunity in California
grows out of its climate, which makes
Irrigation a necessity; out of the large
areas of swamp and overflowed lands,
which must be redeemed by dykes and
drains; by the vast level stretches of
fertile farming land,- which make the
use of complex and costly machinery
possible, and the high prices and scar
city 'of farm labor, which render the
use of the machinery a necessity. It is
a liind of training needed ;by the farm
er to enable him to apply water to his
fields with less waste and loss; to know
how to reclaim lands ruined by seepage
and alkali; to know how to select, ad-
Just and repair pumping machinery.- :
OTHER SPEAKERS
Charles H. Bentley, manager of the
sales department of the Calif ornia Fruit
Canners' Association, spoke during the
afternoon session on "The Merchant, as
a- -Factor in Marketing." ." He depre
cated the idea of farmers that the mid
dlemen must be eliminated, declaring
that his function is Inevitable and
proper. - He said co-operation as < a
means t)f escape from the middleman
or merchant had failed because of the
farmers' inability to nurse the business
of selling his product at the time he
worked to bring it forth. The idea that
because so much fruit had been con
sumed in one . year, so much must be
consumed the 'next is unwise, the
speaker said. He said fruit is not. an
absolute necessity.;. Its sales Increase
as, "the".' product;. m is' advertised, pushed
and properly handled, and this 'work he
believed the merchant" did legitimately
and well. The .merchants are not get
ting rich while the farmers starve, j for
there, are more failures than' successes
in the business. :
"Plato, referring to his citizens for an j
ideal republic," said the 'speaker,
"spoke of salesmen or merchants as
those who did that work because of In
ability or unfltness to' do anything else.
Let your humble merchants, then, now,
as in Plato's time, continue to buy and
sell and trade in your product, because
they really may not be able to do any
thing else." . ¦
The improving and beautifying of
California's highways was the subject
of an address" by Mrs. Caroline Rickey
Olney. secretary of the Camlno Real
Association of Los Angeles.
Professor Carl C." Plehn - "dealt " ex
haustively with the subject of taxation
from the farmer's standpoint, and John
Tuohy of Tulare spoke of "Taxation
For State and County Purposes."
BERKELEY. Oct. 27.— In an attempt
to ¦ crystallize * the sentiment prevailing
ih " the [ sessions' of the - Farmers' Insti
tute resolutions ¦ were ' adopted this
afternoon asking the State Legislature
to appropriate money.for. the construc
tion of an agricultural . building and - a
farm school at the University of Cali
fornia. The Legislature will also be
asked in .these resolutions. 'to pass a
law incorporating agricultural studies
into the curriculum of the State nor
mal schools.
The resolutions are the outgrowth of
the current sessions \of the institute,
where the value of agricultural educa
tion has-been thoroughly explained by
experts. . Three sessions were ¦ held . to
day by the farmers and those who are
interested in institute work, the " in
stitute : coming to an" end to-night with
an illustrated lecture by Professor El
wobd' Mead on "Irrigation "Abroad,"
being" an account of recent observa
tions in foreign countries. ,"...-
Hearst Hall was filled this morning
when President Wheeler declared the
institute open, introducing W. V. Staf
ford,-State commissioner of labor sta
tistics; who spoke of "Farm Labor in
California." .The 'speaker referred to
the efforts of his office to gather'sta
tistics ' relating to ~ the condition : of
farm labor/ and to procure 'information
about what ¦ could be done to benefit
farm laborers. Scores of remedies
were suggested, such as Sunday saloon
closing, exclusion' of foreign workmen,
organizing unions, more churches,
smaller farms, fewer hours and better
pay, etc. !
The fact' that new comers to the
State seeking employment are usually
landed In the larger cities where they
are likely to stay, if they can, is one
reason, the commissioner believes, why
the farmer gets the dregs* of the labor
ing population.
¦ Continuing, the speaker said:
PATIENCE NECESSARY.
It • Is regrettable that while there have been
highly Intelligent and splendidly organised ar
rangements for placing the land on the market
for the small purchaser, ; extraordinary pa
tience and toil In every direction for the de
velopment of the products of th« State aw
necessary. - . . . . . . . . . ."¦ -
'- Are the farmers ' as a class blameless In the
matter? Have they put a tithe of the energy,
care, and money Into the: labor question . that
they have In every other branch of their busi
ness? And If they have made effort have they
made It consistently? Can they expect the
floating farm labor of. the State to elevate
Itself under adverse conditions without . sys
tematic . aid from the employer? Baths,
libraries," profit sharing plans and other de
vices may be used with excellent effect. .
C. H; Markhanv' former vice presi
dent and 'general manager of the
Southern Pacific Company, who was" to
have read a paper on "The Farmer and
the Railroad; Their 'Relations," sent a
letter, regretting his inability to at
tend." In his' letter to the institute Mr.
Markham said:
MARKHAM'S METTER. < '¦'' : [
, .The . business* of • transportation t may enjoy
a kind of advantage from the system of buy-
Ing abroad and selling abroad, but It is an ad
vantage of the present which must be charged
up against errors, to save the wastes, to vital
ize t v e labors of the farm. My own wish Is
that - every school In the country were com
pell«d. to teach the elements of agricultural
science.- This must come In time, since we are
working around to the practical ground that
the best Instruction is that -.which enables men
and . women to get their living decently. But
the time of ¦ universal instruction - In Industry
as distinct from academics is not yet. As yet
there in no systematic, aducation for the farmer
excepting that which sifts . out to him in one
way or another . through the university. Meet-
Ings like those at Berkeley are of the highest
value In that they serve to develop interest
and to promote Inquiry with respect to matters
upon which the productive life of the country,
and ' therefore Its permanent prosperity are
chiefly dependent. It is for us as an-agri
cultural people to revise our methods, . to
adapt our system to new . times and conditions,
and when this shall be done a day of larger
prosperity than It has ever known before will
dawn upon California. "
" "The Farmer as a Business Man" was
BURGLARS AT WORK.— Berkeley Oct. XT
Burglars removed the roof of ju temporary
structure erected by carpenters on the prem
ises at Grove street and Channlng way last
night . and stole three chests of carpenter*'
tools, valued at *225. Two houses ire Ma
course of construction on the lot and careen
s/wiF&s th * %& had wt «»• S*-
Dull Times Not What
Oakland Workmen Want
meda,Oct.. 27^— Mr»j:Ellxa Qutll of tha-Ea.t
B.« : v t».aar 3gX a cornpl.tS ,n ? th2 ? -City
P^lif v°^. C^ f 11^"''^ .t« -«th» City ¦ THMtees.
!«'"T>ll^ *?£* requests th» municipal legi<rUtor»
1 * . ; *$* ' "H! 8 * 116 * «»aaed > by -the hattlln*
ofrQaXland «arbege< through that -section at
the dly to the dump, onlthVBaTFa^lSaad
fad. —..-.. " - .• '...- ,-¦.•- » J ,.••.•
/JT 0 ?? 11 ?* ' • POI^CBMAN DIES;— OakUnd.
OCI.-27.— I.ynaan D._ Babb,:ror «eV«ral>Sr7a
special policeman In thl* city. -«ed. last" l«!jt
at, hi* .horn. .^n Irvlnyton. i H« m m a wtr.
and a.Bon.^He lerved a« a special^ tram. Vo
a* patrol wagon- drtrcr - tmtri SVo^Jr 2J,
M E ; E T 1 N G VOICES THIS SENTIME NT
Chairman Yates Reminds Audience * -That
Republicanism 'Means Prosperity. :\ r .;*
OAKLAND, Oct. 27.— The first Re
publican meeting of the campaign In
the Forty-ninth District was held- last
evening at j Alcatraz Hall. Peralta and
Seventh streets. There was alarge and
enthusiastic i audience - present, . who
proved their 'loyalty to the party can
didates in frequent applause.
J.'H. I^ong of the Republican County
Committee called the meeting to order,
and after, brief preliminary remarks in
troduced Robert Yates, president, of, the
evening. , >; •'• ¦¦ •¦¦• , ' ,,
Mr. Yates referred to the painful les
sons of 1884, when" under a' Democratic
administration- depression caused the
West Oakland : railroad ¦;." shops to 6e
closed and many, ; hundredsjjf 'men
thrown out of employment.' During this
period the speaker had made a trip
vast ¦ where he found business as stag
nSt S ! was on thePaciflc Coast. He
did not believe' that the working people
desired a return, to this dlstressinsr state
°^e"rv^or^ John Mitchell of the Fifth
GETS FINAL DECRsac— Oakland. Oct. 2T
A final decree of divorce -wm KrantedRnbr
JU Le Roy. to-day from Geo«e S? Z Sh,
was also awarded the custody of Um T'miaoJ
child and |2O a month aJlSS^ aS'SK
locutory decree was sranted a year ago.
BURGLAR ROBS HOUSE ANT>
IS CAUGHT SOOX AFTERWARD
Edward Shaw Enters Rooms of Eddy
Street Home and Takes $123
. In Jewelry.
" Edward Shaw burglarized th»
rooms of Miss A. Faran of 312 Eddy
street yesterday' noon.- stealing Jew
elry -valued '-'at J125, and --was last
night captured with all of the prop
erty on hlm7 Detective Charles Tay
lor, caught Shaw in a saloon on Clay
street. -
'¦• The* burglary , was repbrted'to the
police shortly after noon and Taylor
was detailed on the case; He learned
that Shaw,; who was employed In the
next house,, had ' disappeared. Armed
with the man's description he arrest
ed his prisoner." Shaw confessed and
begged- to be allowed to -plead guilty
to petty larceny.' "
Supervisorial District . followed . Mr.
Yates in a brief appeal- for support of
the Republican ticket as a whole. He
said that it had always done* what' was
right in the past and he did not think
that he would ever he called upon to
apologize for its acts In "the future.
John J. Burke, candidate for the As
sembly from the Forty-ninth • District
was given an 'ovation when he stepped
upon the platform/ The demonstration
showed him he was dear to 'the people
among whom he has lived all : of ; his
life. . They intend to send him to Sac
ramento to help complete a solid Re
publican delegation from "Alameda
County. He made a stirring address
and promised to make a clean record at
the State capital. , . •-., . , . "
Peter J. Crosby was the orator of the
evening. With forceful diction he pre
sented the issues of the campaign along
national lines, saying that Theodore
Roosevelt* who will be elected as Presi
dent, is the candidate- of- the. party
whose history, shows that it stands for
protection, '-.progression! and prosperity
-V; Evefyj known .device \ and fevery :- idea
suggested by skill and experience have
been , provided-; to,? Insure* saf e ' transport
tation: 5 X A.cpmplete signal j system is in
operation 7 ]' and '¦:¦. the :,'• trains
have .'; been \ running * regularlyj in i order,
to Ji train 7 the .\motormen ¦' and - guards Mn
their : duties and ' familiarize ; them .with
thetrbad^?C':^*">'^n.^ J '?";' % fti' '¦¦. "'.'•. )'-i
»; When iMcDjohald.secure^i the; cpntract
£ or a* group
of 'capitalists *• organized^ the?New,A York
Rapid Constructiont-Conipatiy,''
with: a. . capital .iOf*?6,OQO,000,'/andptook
over .t McDonald's v and It g is
.under; itAthfitlthe'subwray/wilHbeCoper^
ated ! f 6r ;i *the ; fifty 'year's prbyiaed . in the
agreement.
DEVICES :FOR I SAFETY;
Ground was broken ' for the tunnel
March' 25, 1900. It had been decided by
a municipal ballot that 1 the city, should
own, the < system,, but ' that^it -should ,be
constructed under - private • contract. t A
commission^, of '.which /..Alexander E.
Orr: was 'president , and William Bar
clap ParBons chief engineer, 1 was placed
in charge.: • . " ; - ' • .. ." '
• The ¦ contract under which ; McDonald
undertook, the' work provided thatChe
should f construct * the ~ subway"; road ;; in
four years ¦ at - a cost s of • $35,000,000 I and
that ; he. should , have ! the right ,to oper-;
ate it under" certain' conditions for" fifty
years. • ¦/ -' > •¦:/;. ¦:¦/ 1 ¦.:¦.'-,. ¦' .'¦' .¦
":¦ Throughout the subway is^ lined with
white glass tiles.^ the: ironwork ; is ; tasty
and, : as :far ;as possible^, has .been de-'
signed with i an : eye .to {. the ? artistic J as
well"; as \ strength % and ¦ durability, ;, while
the : 1 stations V are :¦'," treated'*'- in * -".'¦ color
schemes wlth'ceramlc. tiling. '.Each sta-*
tion . has its"; own "distirictlve. color; idea
and the decorative I scheme is \. varied | in
eacH:!; The statlons'are.commodlous and
brilliantly lighted' and the finishings are;
all of I bronze, * brass and .other
woodwork ' being ¦ eliminated-: as * far. as
possible.';*;',..^ "-' t i }¦¦'-¦-¦': ' '¦'' ¦"-¦•"''/•¦>--'
t-.i The i system is > electrical, , one V great
powerhouse,^ developing., the , ; . required
energy.-; The , cars i are of • the latest type;
: being- especially designed*, forvthe \sys
tem V and :*. are « either 'copper, : or j5 steel
sheathed.-^gBmMeMBMmBwBB^^^g
OWNED BY THE CITY.
The subway,' is the consummation of
years -of. study of the transportation
problem on Manhattan : Island and
marks the; completion pt the first stage
of what will be" the 'most comprehen
sive system of rapid transit in the
world.
¦In^the shape of an;irregular Y, with
the * stem resting 1 at the City Hall, the
tunnel' runs north to Forty-second
street, where it* bends sharply west to
Broadway and. out that thoroughfare
to One Hundred and Third streets This
portion of the tunnel is a four-track
system, two tracks for local and two 1
for express train service. - At One Hun
dred and Third street two > tracks di
verge in a- generally,; northeastern di
rection, .cross under. a ! corner of Cen
tral Park and on to' the Harlem'" River,
under It- jjasses'by means of a
tunnel made' famdua by the/engineer
ing skill . called into ? play, to complete
it. ' After -passing, under 1 the river; it
continues, to avenue" and Orfe
Hundred and Forty-fifth* street, where
the . tunnel ends and the line is contin
ued upon" a viaduct to ! Bronx -\ Park^ J i
Nine miles of this total of about four
teen-were ready ;for. traffic to-day, but
it Mb expected that; the. East Side divl3- (
ion and the ¦ of : the West
Side : line will be ready ; in ' about three
months.'"* £*' ' .• ' ;;• ''-"¦''"'
Promptly at 7 o'clock the 'first, of trie
crowd were admitted to the station,
and when the first train : dashed In
sight around the loop a hearty cheer
went up. As soon as the five cars had
been filled the I train was sent away.
At Brooklyn bridge an "enormous- crowd
had gathered, and the train was given
a vociferous reception. : . ¦ ¦ r . ' - .' . ¦ • '
• From- station to station the train was
lieralded •' with noisy, acclaim. v As- it
proceeded uptown the number of those
who>desired to - ride \ increased, and
when ..the terminus was reached, every
available inch . of space .w'ag' bbcupi^d.- .
; The people turned Jout'en -masse"; to
•christen', the new" "road, arid It "is estl
"mated that nearly 150,000 rode*' 'during
the evening. Hundreds of policemen
had" been stationed along the route,, but
the cr<>wd was so orderly that many of
the reserves were sent back to their
'precinct quarters. *V ; ;•;'¦.'
J >-ThVrun to Brooklyn bridge was ac
complished 'in -" v twenty rBlx 'minutes,
whlch-inciuded,eight.. ; stpps..,RunnIng
•at .times at a speed of a mile a-mlnute
In the ' half-'darkness-Qf the,' tunnel, 'the"
dashed by stations .' which could
only be . distinguished by, a , glare of
light and -the black mass of spectators.
WORLD'S GREATEST SYSTEM.
WELCOMED BY THRONG.
NEW : YORK, j #tt£ ;- 27.-f-y Clt y [ Hall to
Harlem ih'/itfieenLmlhutes"i became a
reality., to-day; 'when—the^ main j artery
of. 'Manhattan's ; great v jmbway. system
; jv&f6pkne&,Xo '. 'the 7 public. '-The formal
r Vpe&n v KjSierclfles'held}in the City Hall
,th's !{ "afternoon;' were > attended':- by tin
yited.guests. McGlelian presided
anfl addresses Wjwfe made iby. Chief En
gineer. Parsons, ;Rapid Transit Commis
'sipjjre'rB";Orr.-antf>^tarini;:C6ntractor Mc-
Ddn&ldVftn'd^August •^BeLmont, president
of the operating 'company. ¦ " - f\if*
Following the exercises a special
train left the City Hall for the. One
Hundred and Forty-fifth street ter
minus carrying invited guests. The
Mayor turned on- the current and, the
trip was made, without event. „
¦ The actual opening of .the subway, to
the traveling public took place to-night.
Long before -7 o'clock, when the first
train was scheduled to ..leave the City
Hajl, the Parkv surrounding; ' the hall
was jammed, "with'. a ; good-fnatured
crowd. '¦'¦• Thousands of persons fought
with one another • for the privilege of
purchasing ! the first - ticket. • Flying
wedges, center rushes and almost every
means of progress* known '.'to '.football
tactics | were adopted by those ambi
tious to ride upon the first train. - : .' '
Eour 'Years aiid One Hundred
t jand .^wettty^ives Are Con-
I^Jum^i^^Co^stimtion
Uof 'the^Trehiendous; Shaft
Swan was brought from San Quentin
this morning and .the operation was
performed .this afternoon.
Wounded by the accidental discharge
of his own revolver, Bert Swan, a for
mer Deputy County Clerk of Alameda
County, who now holds a position as
turnkey at the State penitentiary at
San Quentin, lies at the point of death
at Providence Hospital from the effects
of blood poisoning resulting from the
wound. In a final effort to save his
life the physicians to-day amputated
Swan's left leg above the .knee. The
operation. was performed by Dr. Frank
L. Adams, assisted by Dr. D. D. Crow
ley. What the result will be is uncer
tain,' but there is grave doubt that
Swan will recover.
The accident occurred at the McRea
Hotel, at San Quentin Point on the
evening of October 20. Swan was show
ing a new revolver to some friends
and had, as he supposed, removed all
the cartridges, buu through an over
sight he left one chamber loaded. - He
snapped the trigger upon the loaded
chamber and the bullet entered his left
thigh. At first it was thought that Swan
would soon recover, but in a few days
blood poisoning set inland yesterday
the, doctors decided that - the leg must
be -amputated at once. . -.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 1016 Broadway, Oct. 27.
A man living near the market saV
the boyv.put in the stall -and called (the
attention of Policeman McSorley. to ?the
matter. Accompanied by^Spedal Officer-
Morrison, he : "broke , in and . found -the
place swarming wiihi 'rats.TTh'eboy^a?
taken to the.' police istatioh.'tand this
morning pleaded guilty in Judge Sam
uel's court to a charge of drunkenness.
The Judge, took until to-morrow to de
cide how he would punish the boy.
Young Boehle is an orplien and for
merly resided in San Francisco: -Since
coming to Oakland -his name '¦ has fre
quently graced the Police Court calen
dars for minor . charges,' and once his
youth saved him a prosecution "for
stealing a bicycle. He was put on pro
bation and hafs behaved himself for sev
eral months. ..' ;•'-/-"
' y Carl Boehle, aged 15 years and resid-:
ing at 864 Oak' street, last ; , night -narj;
rbwly escaped ¦ from" being' eaten
rats.' v ..- <: -v "¦'•;•'; •> ...^V'^^i
Carl • and; a* companion encountered . a
sailor in' ffont'of . the Seamen's Rest,* on
Low^r^Br-dadway, who gave >;theny *a
partly- ¦ filled .hask of whisky,^ sayln^fc
"You -'can'^ha^e it. I have'rhftdraini
want? Both boys imblbedTBoeh'le jWLff
taking, most liberally. Ji. ; party <of -boys
put Carl -bn r a struck, aifd 'wneeled liirti
over to the free market,': broke open a
door. laid 1 him inside a stall, nailed^the
place' up % and "le'ftl" s ' :';?;'' ?fk\
¦— ¦:•••• >•*¦: '->•¦-¦ :IW ,W. •;
Oakland Office San : Francisco Coll/
i -* .. .• t y. ioi6;3 roadway, Oct.*«j^ ;
When Sanford read the note he took
it'to the Rev. Ann Ware, a professed
minister of Christ's Church of Healds
burg and asked her if the marriage
was an illegal one and in 'trepidation
she took- it to the County Clerk's office,
where she was informed that only or
dained asd licensed ministers were al
lowed to perform the marriage cere
mony.
Sanford had only been acquainted
wfth his supposed wife a short time
and now does not know where to find
her. Mrs. Ware says she believed she
had a right to marry the couple and,
knowing Sanford, she agreed to per
form the ceremony. -V;
The marriage license was . issued to
Winsor D. . Sanf ord . and Mrs. Sidney
Horsford, who gave their ages as over
twenty-one. They were, apparently,
each near the forty mark. They took
up their abode at 706 Broadway, but
when Sanford went to their rooms to
day he found the following note await
ing him: ;A. t .,
Mr. Fan fort: I asked a lawyer this morning
about oar marriage, and be said It was not
leK&V: that that woman had to be a licensed
mtnitter before' she coul'd do It, and had to
have a witness, bo I think It la better for me
to. Kay with my children alone, a* I don't
want to marry.
I am going to. Salt Lake. Utah. In a few
days. You can get a wife somewhere else.
Good-by.
A peculiar marriage and an . odd
sequel ¦were brought to light to-day
when it was learned that Mrs. Sidney
Horsford, who, on Monday last,
plighted her troth to Winsor D. San
ford, had taken .advantage of the fact
that a woman without, authority had
performed the ceremony.. Tne wife then
backed out of her bargain and told her
would-be husband that he could get a
wife somewhere else.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 27.
.
WMB M&M M : KEALITT
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Wife Leaves a Good-by and
Disappears When She
Learns of Irregularity
Lock? iTouihtfiiLcu JgtaU- Jit
i;^v:^^e-:^Mark|#'^f^
4^^iisl^ifos{iTaki^ Effect
While Showing Revolver to
Friends He Receives In
jury That Alarms Doctors
FATAL RESULT FEARED
Kih^&rtery of the- Great
£; immefclsj Completed and
Sfel® Greet
¦^Inauguration ;; ; of Service
STATISTICS RELATING TO LABOR PROBLEM
BARGAIN- CALLED OFF
#ELLO\VS DESERT :iinr
Police Drive Rodents Away
'r3^m-Laxi Found' in Help-
S ! l$&i JState '.. . of: Inebriety
Bert Swan, Former Deputy
y Comity ; Clerl^ Undergoes
Very ; Serious; : { Operation:
Woman Who Performs the
;Ceremoiiy Had No License
to Make Mystic Union
Value of an Agricultural Education
Is Explained by Students of Subject
NEW YORK'S
BIG SUBWAY
IS OPENED
RATS ATTACK
DRUNKEN BOY
MARRIAGE TIE
SLIPS LOOSE
ACCIDENT MAY
CAUSE DEATH
TALK FOR FARMERS
THEvSAN^FRAd^CISGO: GALL, .; FRIDAY^. OGTOBER2S, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
• SHANGHAI.- A Oct.- 27.— It ; Is /awerted * her«
that ¦,•* cprtalhV Canton % merchant* V have % raised
enough ; money ;* to 3 purchase : the" American P In
terests ( in I the Canton-Hankow ; Railway.
: BOY, - DISAPPEARS.— Oakland. *; OcLi . 27.—
Eleven * year- old»J Raymond , MlUer * disappeared
from the home of hlg father. . R.^. L*. " Miller. v Jn
Frultvale, < October? 24. The ii police i have been
wilted- to* locate him. ¦'.,¦.- :,V> .-..,-< - .,-»iv* r .
6
ADVERTISEMEXTS. '
RATIONAL TREATMENT
StomacK Diseases
Means:
Discard Injurious D^vigs,
v . ¦ . " • -use ;.!.'
A Harmless, Powerful ,
Germicide.
Send twenty-five cents to pay '
postage on : Free Trial Bottle;;
Sold by leading Hragglsts/'lNot^
genuine fwiihout ' my a signature :*i;
¦ -'¦ Wrlto for flreo booklet oa national
• Troatmot of 9timm—.r &".'& i.? >',_¦.,.-..
H^ Wtb S the of the hou5eh o^, for withont
KK^t BT& ng • n ° ha PP iness can be complete. How
HJff^|B9 H 'sweet the picture of mother arid babe,
•. v- , r c ™ 'WBF smile at' and comrnend. the
MKWkWiRk ¥3St- i. ¦••¦•¦¦ '-'¦ thou S h ""and aspiration* of themother
W» S H I S 8 Ua be £ din S'- ov « the cradle. The ordeal through
W HJi 1 MJ& W whlch . the expectant mother must pass, how-
WS TSBF m^WWSi c . VCr ' 1S 8 ° fnll ' of danger and suffering that
. . , ' •. s^ e J? ok » forward. to .the&ouf "when she shall
oi xnild S Z&8P § >?° d kn ° W tKat hV danger; -pain and horror
SliabS^aU S^?^ eX *i- al usc - onl y. which toughens and render.
BKANCHOFFICES
.. OF THE CALL IN
:.,.; : ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1018 Broadway.
Telephone 3Iain 1033.
. . :¦' ¦ * . BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 7T.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.-'
• Telephone Alameda 559.SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 27.— A concert
will be given here to-morrow night
for the benefit of the Congregational
church. Mrs. Charles O'Brien. Miss
Mary Mclntyre and several of Mrs.
Care: True Boardman's child pupils
and the orchestra of the Fourth Con
gregational Church will take part.
Concert In Aid of Church.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 27. — Miguel Per
ales, aged 10 years, in a quarrel with
a playmate, Harry Fisher, drew a
knife and stabbed him three . times,
once in the arm and twice In the hip.
Perales then fled and has not been
apprehended.
1 ' •
Stabs Chum Three Times at End of a *
Quarrel and Then Takes
to Flight.
TEX- YEAR-OLD BOY USES
-KNIFE OX A PLAYMATE
r\-, TO ••; INDICT CHINESE.— Yung K Deen
arrested ' yesterday ' for . being 'illegally in Amer
ica: -- "A", number,- of/ his i Chinese < friends iwlll i be
indicted j for I perjury I committed r in - aiding t him
to land. . ' ¦'•*¦¦".'':¦'.'•/" : ' -r-w-: ¦. '-¦..**
. Art School Supplies.
Drawing, pencils; and \ papers, drawing
Instruments, draughtsmen's . ••' supplies.
Inks/ sketch ; pads; oil ,i\ colors,", drawing
boards, i thumb stacks, .crayons 5 and ? . eras
ers ; always -the ~ best. " * Sanborn,' . Vail &
Co.,^741 Market street.**-. . • ..
; .'WASHINGTON,! Oct.; 27.^-By .; order,
of. the\War Department^Private "Arthur,
Riatliff lof iTroop ; I,'. Eighth .Cavalry,'
Fort! Riley, 3 Kansas,-* is i transferred f to
Ccmpaiiy . L.,- ? ; Tenth ; Infantry, 'at'.trie
Presidio, ¦' San Francisco. * 3 Private
Gcorge.L. ¦ Cain 'of the Hospital Corps,-
Fort iLeayeriworth, : 2 Kansaa,'l_will ; - be
sent'iWithout ' delay ;\to the Presidio, San
Francisco,-^ reporting ] to ; the [command-;
ing^offlceriefiCompany/.BiOfltheiHos
pjI tal [ Corp»,H,who].will * send \ him ; to^ -Maj'
¦vember}!^!^.^ ¦: •; \~?Wm£m
Ariniy. Orders.
• TO PRINT, MUKICIPALJ REPORTS.— The
Bupervisors 1 . VPrlntlng x Committee -yesterday
awarded ? the : contract *: for printing . the;muni
cipal Teporta. of 1003-1804' to J.. B., Mclntyre at
$1.24*4 per.page.ihe being, the lowest bidder. ; ¦
Tupper's counter-balance
off the : end oCi the plank, with the re
sult that the; board "fellf to, the ground
and : dislodged * the - boy.Y t The ¦ broken
bones were set at the Emergency Hos
pital. ; , : ' \ . '.::'••.;--¦
. Louis Tupper, aged ; nine • years,- re
siding'on rFolsom street, ''.while , playing
seesaw yesterday afternoon'; on . the
children's , " playground, } Seventh • and
Harrison streets, had both" bones - of
his . right arm, broken below'- the el
bow. |ff^ift# g nTniH^WImBMWl!ri
Accident , to Boyl While Playing.
Dyine "wife" Murderer -of San . Diego
{.^>' ¦".¦> Hears .'.Warrantrrbf His;
\-tcfe) "' ~ : -~ . \ ArrestlRcad^ . ?l ]-) , ..". '" , f-.
'SAN "DIEGO/ -7oct.\;727.-r-Although
un'able to ; speak 'andt lying at* point ot
death '•"from ':¦ self-inflicted ,w6unds, wife
murderer : -'i I. '¦ '- N.'^ Campbell 1 has J been
placed' under, arrest. '.The>'arf an t\waa
rea'd:;t6" him as; he lay -;on; hiscot In
theV hospital. - \' - •.: ; ."
PRESEXCE C OF DELATH-DOES ;, ;
• ; , NOT i PREVENT,/ LAW'S. COURSE
"iThe Thanksgiving number .contains .. some
very good 1 stories and " descriptive . artlcles.v and
among • there :may be counted ."The Joss . that
Answered . Prayer.". ./'California's Newest Oil
Fields," -'-"Some: San Francisco-. Women .Who
Have -Achieved;: Success," -Virginia Garland's
delightful -."Chaparral .Wren,'" "A;Unique.'Jap
anese Trarnwiy,". and -an-. Installment* of
frasor "• Bailey's valuable "paper; on; "The.;Hl^
tory,' Origin ! and- Meaning of California": Names
and Places."' •.•¦¦:• ¦• ' . .;,-i~
Doctor Adam's article on "Radio Activity,",
continued from., the previous; number," will'.in
terest all' 'scientific ';mlnds. -. as .' Hi seem* .a
plausible ; solution ¦ of 1 »•; problem * thatt has , de
fied, the iwprld's; greatest* scholars. ."¦¦..-¦ :
The ' November : Overland •; Monthly Is unusu
ally interesting. .,- \,v^' . • .
,The November,- number • of \ thei ' Overland
Monthly,* with; ita, bright' red cover, suggestive
of - Thanksgiving, v will; have hard .work", niak-^
ing a better j record [ for : news -stand sales .than
the ''.'- October . number, r. This tissue, "known' as
the Triennial- Conclave'; number,- waaivery. pop
ular 'and the sales 5 , on the, street .. and news
stands were so great as to call for' aM copies
the ' publishers could spare from tho*e heH-ln
reserve. "-.':¦•¦ ¦•;¦-¦ ¦¦• ¦¦.'-,'¦'¦"• ¦ .¦"¦¦¦•-'• - - .''''"-¦'
Tlie ' Great" Western" Magazine.
The Original Little Benetlcencla Pub
lica Company of San Francisco.
ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER. 1803.
< .; SPECIAL. NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
; Owinz to the fact that numerous schemes
are . placetl before the . Public . from time.- to
time, we would respectfully call the attention
of purchasers of tickets to buy only from re
sponsible agents and to see that their tickets
read as follows: . ,. .:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE BENEFICENCIA
PUBLICA COMPANY OF SAN FKAN-
C1SCO. ORGANIZED. SEPTEMBER,
SSSiSagjSSk^ 1893. . . ¦
- Each coupon has the Initials M. & F. on
the face and back -of the ticket.' . "- , '.'¦
The following are the capital prizes as'de
cided by THE BENEFICENCIA ¦ PUBLICA
COMPANY of the City of Mexico, October, 27,
1904 : No, 29,000 wins 17500 00 sold In San
Francisco. Calif. No. -64,434* wins $2500 00,
sold in San Francisco, Calif. ". No. 41.2W wins
?1.250 00, ¦ sold in San Francisco, - Calif.' ' Nos.
7219. 13.SU8. 46,359, 52.177 and 62.105 each win
$12f» 00,' sold in San Francisco, Calif, s -' ¦"
. The following capital prizes' were* paid by
the above M. & F. Co. for September -22, 1904:
JAMES " P. - DW YER, No. „ 152 * Third : street
(Cigar Ston), San Francisco, Cal.. $3750 00:
MRS. DELIA ZACHARIAS.; No.^2178 Sutter
ftreet, San'Franclsco Cal.. $2500 00; GEORGE
\j. GANO,- No.' 120 Ellis street.: San Francisco,
Cal., -for client,, $025 00: HENRY WILLY.;No.
1111 West street. Oakland, Cal.,'. '$925 00. — -
; WHITE I HOUSE, WASHINGTON, June 24,
1004. — Sir: -? -I ; am directed- by the President
to 'say: that your 'letter of the 11th inrt., ad
dressed to'- htm. was received', and referred to
the 'Department of • Justice for^.lnqulry Into the
statements made. thereln.% and: for such repott
as the facts ascertained might appear to re
nulre.~ .':.;*.- V ¦.. /••'..-:•;; ¦¦-' -.;•.,.. . "¦ ; ; : •,
; ; A;report has ¦ been , received ' from the" De
partment of Justice- and considered by' the
President, •' who •>. further ' directs • me . to ; Inform
you .that .¦ the -¦: facts disclosed In ¦ such ' report
abundantly:- confirm the ylewg as '- to your
.official ' conduct heretofore expressed \ by • him
In .*. his " message ,' to .' Congress, prepared after
three - indictments * had been . presented^ against
'you' 1 b'y* a'. Grand Jury and- warrant ;the : action
in your removal from of flee : and do not allow
hinv to withdraw ¦ the expressions or annul ' the
action. •¦•The President naturally, shrinks. from
saying anything that will diminish any com
fort-you 'may have derived, from the verdict
of the Jury, • but * he • Is ; advised that ; you" were
not. tried? for. the '.wrongdoing:- to which he re
ferred . but' for - conspiracy, with Barrett ; to ! do
the wrong, which- he; Is = advised is a- wholly
different -.matter, \ as one - may - be 'guilty • of
wrongiand not 1 guilty of conspiracy to do
"wrong.*, Yours respectfully, ." '•;¦• ¦•--¦¦:'-*> ;'.•¦:
i,- .-.-.i- ; . , WILLIAM LOEB JR.." ¦'
-: ;-.- -• Secretary; to the President.'.
\ WASHINGTON, Oct. 27.— The letter
which ,was sent to Judge James N.
Tyner, Assistant Attorney General for
the Postoffice" Department, on behalf of
the:Presldent In answer to one sent bj$
the Judge to the President on June 11,
1904, asking him to "right the great
wrpng,", which he declared the Presi
dent had unwittingly done him In mak
ing certain statementa reflecting upon
his' official conduct in transmitting
papers to Congress in connection • with
matters djiclosed in Brlstow's : report,
was made public . to-day, by Holmes
Conrad, who has charge of the prosecu
tion'of the frauds in the Postoffice"De
partment.; 4Fhe. letter -is '.as -'follows:.
.Immediately - Judge Vaughan, pro
nounced sentence, which carrie'd with
It' imprisonment for ; life in the; wom
an's prison : at j Indianapolis,' and within
half an; hour, ; the prisoner, escorted; by
two ¦ officers * and '• followed by a "mob,
hissing andfuttreing cries of violence,
was ¦' on - her .way . ¦: to ; the Interurban
train which .was to carry her to prison,
v The confession pleads that the crime
was ' committed . while » the defendant
was -dispossessed* of ,-her,' senses.
I HARTFORD \ CITY, T". Ind., Oct. 27.—
Indicted 7 this=; morning for the poison
ing of ; her ; stepdaughter, Mrs. R. M.
Krauss,; after demanding an Immediate
trial, "to-day 'pleaded 'guilty to a charge
of murder; In the first degree. The
jury listened .intently while the con
fession was being read, retired, and in
fifteen minutes -returned a verdict of
guiny.. ¦ ,.- ¦ ¦"¦_ ¦¦'- ¦¦ »¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ',-: - c '; v
President Refuses to Alter
or to Withdraw the State
ments He Previously (Made
Mrs. E. 3L Krauss of Indiana
Confesses and Is Then
Sent to Tribon for Life
The estate was formerly .appraised
at $614,852 76, and was on deposit in
the Wells-Fargo Bank. .Probably to
avoid the payment of the inheritance
tax, amounting to about $30,000. the
appraisement was withdrawn and the
estate removed to Nevada for probatel
Proceedings were then commenced to
recover the tax. .:.'
To-day two officials of Wells-Fargo
Company's bank must appear in
Judge Coffey's department of the Su
perior Court and explain why they
refuse to divulge information regard
ing the value of the securities belong
ing to the late J. M. Douglas, of Ne
vada. The order to show cause, di
rected to President Homer S. King
and Cashier Fred L. Llpman, was
made yesterday upon an affidavit of
Edward C. Harrison, who was • ap
pointed by the court to appraise the
distributive portion of the Douglas
fortune subject to the collateral inher
itance tax. •
Wclls-Fargo President - and j Cashier
Refuse to Give Information ' •
About Douglas Estate.
NEWCASTLE, Oct. 27. — The fruit
growers of Placer County will meet
at Loo mis next Saturday to discuss
problems that have recently attracted
widespread attention. The principal
matters to be discussed are over
charges for. refrigeration on Eastern
shipments and the receipt of rebates
by commission houses that have al
ready been paid ' large commissions
for transacting business placed in
their hands. "The decision recently
rendered by. Judge Wellborn in the
matter of routing carload shipments
probably will be touched upon.*. '
The '- delegates to the : California
Fruit Growers' convention soon to be
held ; In San Jose will be selected at
the meeting.. ; - - -
Will Assemble and Discuss Matters of
Moment to the Farmers and
Shippers.
POISONED HER
STEPDAUGHTER
BANK OFFICIALS MUST ;
EXPLAIN TO THE COURT
TYNER'S WOUNDS
GET NO SALVE
PLACER COUNTY GROWERS
;" ¦•« ''¦" ARRANGE FOR 3IEETING
ST. THOMAS. D. W. I.. Oct. 27.— It
Is reported from Antigua that loud
detonations were heard at points on
the south side of that island to-day.
Lond Sounds Heard on Island.
SAN MATEO, Oct. 27. — William
Whlpple Hull, a retired brick man
ufacturer and a r»io»eer of this coun
ty, died at his home near San Carlos
at 10 o'clock this morning, aged 82
years. Deceased came to California
from New York in 1860 and to this
county seven years later. He was de
scended from William Whipple, one of
the Figncrs of the Declaration of In
dependence. H"is- -.widow : and three
grown children survive him.
Pioneer Called by Death.
Lugannini is a typical child of Italy,
although his mother is an American.
He is a handsome, broad-shouldered
lad of more than ordinary height, and
looks to be at least 18 years old.' . He
has been weeping ever since he was
taken into custody, seeming more anx
ious over Mrs. Cahoon's condition than
Sis own predicament. When he was
taken before Mrs. Cahoon to-day she
admitted that he had shot her.
"But he did not mean to do iU" she
added. "He is more than life to me,
and be himself would lose his young
life rather than see me harmed."
CINCINNATI, Oct. 27.— Mrs. Maud
Cahoon, Ihe 25-year-old wife of a
wealthy mine owner and fruit grower
of California and Florida and a daugh
ter of the late Colonel William Rlngo.
a wealthy citizen of Newport, Ky., was
chot and seriously wounded last night
by Charles Lugannlni, 15 years old, a
bellboy at the Gibson House, where he
met Mrs. Cahoon, who was a patron
there.
Mrs. Cahoon was out with a - man
friend last night, and Ehe told Lugan
ninl to meet her at the entrance to her
brother's apartment at 11:30 o'clock.
There, according to the stories of both
Mrs. Cahoon and the boy, she tried to
secure from the boy a revolver he had
borrowed from her some time ago, and
In the playful scuffle which followed
the revolver was discharged and Mrs.
Cahoon was shot through the abdomen.
Lugannlni in fright ran to his home,
nrar by, and Mrs. Cahoon made her
\eay up two flights of stairs to her own
apartments and undressed. When weak
from pain she was compelled to call
her 6ister, who was sleeping at the
other end of the house. She told her
fdster that Ehe had accidentally shot
herself.
* Finally the woman admitted that she
bad. been shot by young Lugrannini ac
cidentally. The boy was then arrested
and taken to police headquarters, where
he told virtually the same story. This
morning he was taken before Judge
Caldwell of the juvenile court, who
after hearing his story released him.
Eaying that if any one was to blame it
was the woman.
EpecUl Dispatch to The Call
Wife of California Fruit
Grower Comes to Grief
at Hands of an Admirer
Fred James stole blankets from a
H. S. Clement said that his wife had
gone to visit relatives In Santa . Rosa
when he, feeling lonesome, 'wandered
into Union Square and fell asleep while
sitting upon a bench. . Patrolman Ma
loney, however," testified that Mr. Cle
ment was stupidly drunk ana then
Judge Fritz imposed a $5 fine.
Patrolman J. J. Tillman met Frank
Henney and Raymond Willis McKnlght
at an early hour yesterday morning on
Third Etreet, and as each of them had
a package In his hand he courteously
stopped them and requested to be in
formed as to the contents of the pack
ages. He was told by Mr. . McKnight
that the packages were found upon the
sidewalk, but as Mr. McKnight was
recognized as a shady character by the
officer the narrative was disbelieved
and the two men were arrested on sus
picion. Then It was discovered that the
packages contained cigars which had
been stolen from a store a few yards
from where the trio stood. Judge Fritz
wlh hear the case next Tuesday.
Mrs. Alphonse Dellucka went to the
residence, of Mrs. Louis Aguirre, in the
vicinity of Union and Filbert streets, to
demand an explanation as to why. Mr.
Dellucka's affections had been alienated
by Mrs. Aguirre. and Instead of giving
the desired enlightenment Mrs. Aguirre
punched Mrs. Dellucka's face with
clenched ; fists, whereupon the assailed
lady had her husband arrested for cru
elty to herself and her young daughter
by spending his time and his money on
Mrs. Aguirre and her. three , children.
Judge Mogan. will hear more about -it
next Tuesday. , T V>"'
I Judge Fritz continued till to-day the
j case of H. E. Elliott, accused of felony
: embezzlement, and fixed the defen
dant's bail at 5150. Elliott was employ
ed by Yates & Co., dealers in paints,
who allege that some time ago he em
bezzled $171 which he had collected 'for
his' employers. He declares he is the
victim of a plot concocted by his wife,
who. is suing him ~ for divorce. In an
swer to her petition, he says, he men
tioned the names* of a hotel proprietor
and a detective in the United States
secret service and they combined with
her to .weaken his case by having him
convicted of embezzlement.
/• • •
Elvira Croce again declined to prose
cute \ Paul .Sassac ./or. having .shot and
seriously wounded hei* one night on
Montgomery avenue' and : Judge Mogan
perforce dismissed the case.
"I was going with. him a long, time
and we were lovers and "had a lovers'
quarrel and that's all I have to say, so
there now." And the woman resolute
ly shut her lips and stared intently at
the courtroom ceiling.
"Well," sighed the Judge, "as you
are evidently determined to obtain this
man's acquittal I don't feel justified in
burdening the people with the cost. of
trying him for the crime of which he
is accused a^nd of which his guilt is
apparent. To save him from punish
ment you probably would swear that
he didn't shoot you at all."
• Miss Croce coldly ignored the suppos
ition. . , A;> ;
• * •
Pretty little Rose Salazar_ smiled en
couragingly at nineteen-year-old . John
T. Alllngton, a dental student/ when
the lad faced Police- Judge Mogan to
plead to the charge of having enticed
the girl to leave her parents' -home, 428
Tehama street. But there was no re
sponsive smile from the' youth. He
seemed to fully appreciate the serious
ness of the accusation. His good-look
ing countenance reflected keen anxiety,
which was not lighteped by the prose
cution's statement that the girl was
four years his junior. and that his of
fense was a felony: So absorbed was
he by the gravity of his position that
he never once looked at her. v
Asked if he was willing to make the
child his wife, he eagerly answered in
the affirmative, but his relief was tem
porarily clouded by the announcement
that, being a minor, he could not legal
ly marry without consent of -,-. his
parents. His father and mother, reside
in New York, he informed the. pourt,
and he felt certain they would rather
see him a benedict than a convict.
Wouldn't the -Judge notify 'them by
telegraph of their only 'son's predica
ment and tell them he could be saved
from the penitentiary by obtaining
their acquiescence to his proposed wed
ding? Yes, the Judge -would do that
for the girl's sake. But if the desired
parental consent were withheld— what
then? So utterly dejected was the boy
by the mere hint of such a 'possibility
that the Judge hastily suggeste'd anoth
er way out. By appointing a guardian
for the boy, he said, necessity of ap
plying to the father and mother might
be obviated. Once more hope illumed
the defendant's face and again the girl
smiled encouragement.
So the matter rests. A* dispatch has
been sent to Gotham informing Mr.
and Mrs. Allington that unless they
wire consent to the proposed union of
their son he may be remanded for trial
in thye Superior Court on a most serious
and disgraceful charge and if they re
spond negatively or neglect to respond
at all a proper guardian will probably
be appointed to approve the boy's mar
riage. The case will again be called
on October 29. . " - !
S. Katsura, a young Japanese who re
cently returned from the Alaska 1 fish
eries, stabbed a compatriot, J. 1 Hama,
because the latter questioned the likeli
hood of some narratives that the former
had brought from the north. ' The
weapon was a knife, and it inflicted an
ugly but not necessarily fatal wound in
Kama's cranium. Katsura will be tried
before Judge Mogan for»assault with a
deadly weapon. .-
Mrs. Cornelia Burbank of 174 Fourth
street, who was arrested, tor slumber
ing at 3:20 o'clock p. m." in j Union
square, wrote and dispatched the fol
lowing self-explanatory message:
*'S F Oct 27 1904 Judge Mogan Your
Hbner This is my first offence in a long
time will yQu please consider my of
fence kindly I have sewing at home
that should be finished please let me go
back home as soon as. possible I will
not return again Sincerely and . Re
spectfully I beg your Grace Mrs Corne
lia Burbank."
The prayer » of the petitioner was
granted. j . - - ;, IV;
Joseph .Berzanski, who manages a
cigar store and dwells at 402 Pacific
street, quarreled with his landlady. Mrs.
Mary .Aforams, night before last, and in
heat of passion picked up. a lighted
lamp and dashed it- upon the floor,
where it was in a fair way of starting
a serious conflagration" when Mrs.
Abrams quenched the flame and ' had
him arrested. The policeman in the case
testified that the womanls prompt ac
tion wa^ all that averted a fire of most
damaging proportions, as the house was
of timber and surrounded with equally
inflammable structures. . Judge Mogan
will dispose of the case to-day. '
"When Miss Dumas was judicially pro
nounced guilty as charged and request
ed to reappear to-day for sentence she
expressed herself as deeply shocked.
Miss Rose Dumas feared that some
mistake had been made, else she would
not have been* arrested, and charged
with having sold liquor without a li
cense in the dressmaking: parlors occu
pied by' herself and a lady partner.; at
338 Bush street. If the [ complaining
witness. Winters by name,', swore that
she^invited him to enter and buy a
drink he must either be afflicted with
perversion of memory or [ maliciously
striving to injure her personal and
business reputation. Once in a while a
gentleman has dropped in and ex
pressed a desire to drink her health,
but she, was positive that no gentleman
had ever been allowed to pay for grati
fication of that desire. If she saw fit to
treat a friend, or even a stranger, was
that any reason why she should be
plucked away from her- business and
made to pose as a defendant in the,Po
lice Court? . ; .
She was given until \ November; 4 to
either buy "a license or make good her
threat.' . -»• ,
Gussie Markowitz declared' she could
not pay license to . sell | second-hand
clothing on Howard street I and \ derive
pecuniary profit from • the business, as
competition has become so keen as to
make the making of money * in that
trade practically impossible. ' •' '. "'',-
"If I must either pay license or retire
from business," Mrs. Markowitz* plain-;
tively added, ."I'll just give my stock
away, for I'm sure nobody, would buy
the goods for anything" like their
worth." - ., ¦.'¦>¦?'¦ ¦-'-¦¦¦-'¦ . ;:
lodging-house and was carrying them
to his room at 6 Fourth street whenan
inquisitive policeman nabbed him.
Judge Mogan gave him six months., ;¦¦;•...
SAID TO BE ACCIDENT
A POLICE JUDGE APPROVES
Mrs. Maud Cahoon of This
State Seriously Wounded
in Scuffle Over Pistol
Boy Is Willing to Marry arid
Girl Sweetly Smiles.
WOMAN SHOT
BY BELLBOY
HYMEN MAY RELIEVE THEIR DIFFICULTY
THE SAN. FRANGISCO:lCALL,y FRIDAY; , OCTOBER J 28, 1904.
7
free -free ¦ v; frze '
¦ • With :
TSUNDAY.iCALL "
WANT/ADS. ; ¦ „
A CouponjEntitling You to . One 1
• . - r -C'X* Pound^ 40c .,¦,'..„; , v \-\ ¦'•.-. . -
"TOP, QU ALITY^jCOFFEE I' of 5
THE fOREAT^MERICAN ¦'-
<--;¦: '•;¦}. IMPORTINQ^TEA";Cp> 2
x With " Every -asc X Small Ad
; ' ; in r SUNDAY^CAtL:r
\ See ; Small P»f e /ib'rj Further;:
,.;..": . • : -,."-/,iiV r ;"j;;=
J|atjCutv^P r. i cg^j
; • My. reputation on this work Is safe.
So is your work'' when you? order, of
me.' Order now and you'lr continue to
order in future. 'Here are a: few. of
my figures:
DEVXIiOPHS'O:
Boll of «. : . :. -^10c ] Roll jot 12 15c
- . , 7BX2TTXKO:
Sollo I fiiiish:.3o-5c r Velox ' flnlsh.'.3c-6o
TJBS XfAYZ-IOatT 1.0 ADIKO TUMB
S.AU • popular, sizes at popular i prices.
, AySCO - CAMEgAH— Are high grade
thoroughly dependable/ S2.OO up.
. - CTKO ' PHOTO I? PAPER— In s u res
full ¦ tone* values and beautiful detail.
..S Cameras ; •repaired v at . reasonable
iprices.*. - *"".¦-¦.--/¦ '-"•*'''*'••'--.¦: v ,.--'- ' ;r ,*--'
Mail orders promptly filled.
JTHAT MAN PITTS
* F. 1 * W.t PITTS.' The : Stationer, '¦¦
1906 KAKK£T STREET. OPP. Pifth.
¦; 'SAN.' FRANCISCO. • T,
ADVERTISE31EXTS. 1
Trunks and
Leather Goods
We have now on display the
most complete and up-to-date
stock of trunks and leather
goods shown in the market.
Moderate prices. First-class
goods.
A. B. Smith Co;,
116 Ellis Street
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 atcntromenr Strtet.
Capital paid op . . . . . S ,690,000
DirldEisds paid to depositors . 1,656,226
CHAS. CARPT. PwidenC*
ARTHUR LEOALLET. Vlci»- President
LDON BCKQL'ERAZ. F*creUry.
JOKX CINTY. A,«st.- Secretary.
DiarcTOES:
%r. E. ArUrurs, CJjas. farpy, - I<«on Kauffman.
O. Boz'.a, J. n. Oot, A. Roos,
JJeon Bocquerax, J. M. Dupas. A-J^cffallct.
J. A. 13ers»T&t. J. S. Godrau. J. J. Mack.-^
Interrst paid on deposits. Loan* made, on
Iies.1 Krtate and approved securities. • ~
a Dr. Oibbon?s Dispensary,
61!9 KWBSV ST. r.steb!M)«l
iii l«34 Tortbe treatmmt of Privnte
h',vx>tt.. Ixmt Manbnod. Debint.r or
(Ilsrasr uearinf on bod.r&n'! niiivl and.
Skla !)te«RM«.'Tbf» Doctor cnr«s wlien'
othern Tall. Trj Ltm. i 'barren low.
t'urci ;aaramrHl. ChJI or write. '
\>r. J. V. UIBBOS. Man Irap^lsco. CaL p • '-]
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. V
... rKESR AZTZ) SAXT MEAT3. s ¦;,
liC KflYFS & CiV Butcher*, 109
ih2* JDUICO tt M». City. , TaL" Main; 13M.
I.EA3CT EOOPS ABD SKYI.IGKTS.
All kind* repaired. Globe 'Sbe'et • Me:*1 Works '
1JT«-1IT8 Mlselon «t Phone Main MSI.
; . on.s. ,-.-' •.'¦-..
fcUBniCATTNO OILS: • LEONARD & ELUS»
_^ <1S rront wt.. S. V. , Ffapn* >Ialn 1718. r.
) :- : ¦-JJ— , . i -' •' 1 —^___ ----i ; y - _ --.¦¦ ; __ 2
{ It, Wffl^Pay You to : -| \| Y^Slili^V X>w Thp Big New Store t
I "Get to Know Us." J* '•!• vllQCU VO» With the Little Prices, •
I BEING OMt OF TOE HIGH RENT DISTJUGT !
i ' -' .WE "ARE -ENABLED TO SAVE OUR^PATRONS FUllLYas- to 35 PER CENT. , r ' J
1 , ¦;. . . .• • , / ¦•"-¦ . .- "Then again it behooves every .man and mother of boys to trade' •
• ¦¦',.- ¦.'¦''¦¦: : ' Vy _ ¦'"' -" : --___ at- our elegantly appointed emporiunvbecause all our stocks con- : z
« I 1 Tf^Vt^ NCt TRA>^^^mB^MbMHB and department of the "BIG STORE" is filled with discriminat- •
jt ' -'"'¦ l^^^m^P^^aJ^Btm^Mffl^^^^^^^^^^™^* ' FOR TODAY and SATURDAY FOR TO-DAY and SATURDAY / •
I BOYS' SMART CLOTHES §¦ |;
8 M&U^n^i^Wfl^^MsW'^ »¦•*.'•"« « h '! cv " Suifshe may select at "The Big Store" her boy will don ifwith t •
I wBBSM^imWlWm§Mi m*^m£ .mi. *™ i
• Ik 4- 4^Q f\i\ nunareub TOP COATS, also swell little Jack Tar S
• Al ftO.UU Smart snappy Smts ' . ;¦:•;. <SS^ ; and Regulation Reefers— With or .Without S
0 r*.*" y . , , which a smaller store. f^T Silk Emblems on sleeves. THE SUITS •
• with a limited; stock would find it impossi- ¦ 'Er^a come in all the rich novelty styles — made of ©
J bie;to retail- for -less than; $4ioo. v The ityles /ULiv- fine imported Fabrics, in swell patterns, gar- 9
Z include two-piece Norfolks— single -breasted, . ' „. • • ments that you can't duplicate (fk g> gm A •
Z withloops. Sailor Blouse and double; breasted ; ... • elsewhere for less than $8.50. Jl|f"| «"}|| S
0 suits. Your choice to-day and Saturday $3. . . 'i^^^wly^ O ur Pric* • t v * vv %
S BOYS' DRESS SUITS-Made of' black ; ; : ' l^9ffiHla» YOUNG MEN'S SEMI-DRESS SUITS- •
S and blue pure clay Worsteds- rich Serges, ' . >4Sffil&ftlIE3^ Ages 14 to 19 years made of all-wool black •
5 Scotch' Cheviots, Cassimeres and 'Fancy Wor- clays, Thibets, neat Cassimeres and splendid %
• steds. in double breasted Norfolks. Russian ; . . ; ' "jffliBffli|.-^Sr*\ wearing Cheviots, in the very latest colorings. #
• and Saifor Blouse Styles, they fr A £\£\ ' V ' AKfflHH *SP ?) ' -These Suits come m College Styles, are splen- O
2 are handsomely trimmed and JdZl 111 I "^ '^ ' 'jBUBB^Si •" dld . fittmg '. wl " gtVC «, th / ,, We iS! r - 'Jif S
I UU ig.. Mngk- i^rtotrorpJic^ $ o.OO I
• BOYS' FINE QUALITY; REEFERS AND -,-\fcS ¦ / \ t' vivv 9
9 TOP COATS— The very latest 1904 Fall mod- / 7\ ~//f\^^J^^^M^y^A NOTE— Our Stock of Higher Grade Suits 9
• ' in rich fawn, green-tan «and drab shades / - f/f- lH^^^^Cr)) and Top Coats for Young- Men, Boys and •
• of covert cloth. The Reefers for the "little / \f 'f, t (r-^flBjH[£-J| . *» •/ Little Tots must be seen to be appreciated. •
S fellows" have- silk embroidered emblems on liswS\t' \AvWSR^i' 1&>C / 1 \\ V^ Wc have created exclusive styles that are not 5
9 -sleeve and are richly trimmed. You'll not \*~>2)y\ ;^^^L^ obtainable at . other shop3 and by offering su- 9
% "find such an*. excellent, variety tf* /* £\£\ J4&&CJ* "^s^^^^—tf^^Si perior goods at the verylowestprices.com- %
• - elsewhere for. less" than $7. Our VfU 2^^^*^. pensated jvvith intrinsic worth, makes our 9
• -'Price ¦..';'..;'. .~.J.\;\. ••'•/•; •'••••• T.r'.vY '..-. • ." . store a safe place to trade. ' •
J^'^;^^y ; ; ;'^^*ij^|^. _ , ¦ " r l62S"-ai^<i- 1030" Market* Street* |
...»; ,;.:•# '•¦ ;^3|»*WvC*^''V'V* Between PoweU and Mason Streets , , I
'V^ ¦ ..'_...- */.'-•-
Liberal Credit is the Keynote to Gomf ort
.. We offer you good goods at lower prices and better terms than |j
any house on the coast. - We want to make a friend and patron in fa
every family in the city, knowing that, once a friend, always a friend. S
Your first purchase is all we ask, the rest we are sure of. I|
:" M^^^^^^^ coming more popular each day. -h
saving from one-fourth to one-
¦ 4aaW^^mi/lJii : MORRIS CHAIR— Solid oak,
llilPlB«jil\r^5& A tS^i\ golden finish. Back adjustable to
: ¦^^^¦^^^^l^^^l'l I •¦. four positions. Reversible velour |
ijBk J^^T$j# 'Ms- 'cushibus, plain or" figured. . Spring^ v |
Ki seat-v. Solid comfort for QQ *f? :
.. JCARJ>ET DEiyi^ME^il. *
¦Our Carpet Department is -stocked with "the best goods from i
' -the.\v6rld's-Kreatest mills'. "Hundreds of new patterns on display;*'
: of them'exclusive. The prices are right.
IP45 gP^DUhrSiviiCW THE SOP/&RE 1
• BaaBBBaWBBPBBBBBMBflHB^BMPM^MWBBniWBBJfcaaaiaMiaMB^raSHOULD BOTH OF THESE HAVE A VOTE ?
If not, which one should go without it— the educated negro or the Moro ?
- ; ¦ ¦ • .. .. ) ¦ . . - , . .
COPYRIGHT. 1£KM. BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT OP THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.
_. . Special ; Information*: supplied ; dally to
business houses : and .'public ! men * by th«
Press Clipping -Bureau : (Allen's); 3 d i Cal
ifornia stre-t Telephone Main 1042,^* '
KNOCKING.
Bings-^He; wanted ; to :'ehow f . me "' his
family ! tree. ¦ :''. : ./-. ; :" ;. ¦ ',-f "''¦'¦ '-¦¦¦-
'£-¦ Bangs-^-1 bet it' was a,'rubber^ plant:^
- ' 'A" DIFFERENCE.-.
.'; Katharine— Hasn't she a red head? ; ;
¦; -Kidder-p-No;^. it_B •}'¦ aub'urii 'no wM • She
1uBw1ted¥»l forttUMf last? week "';¦'': HB
•j ¦; Mrs. • Eleanor,: S.lWoods has • presented
a.newi building /.to* the 'U international
.Young :» Men's Christian
.Training | School % of .' Springfield,^. Mass./
-.Townsend's California - Glace fruit a in
artistic fire-etched boxes. . 71 S Market st
On?November/ 1. 1904, will be' advanced
10c per lb. Holiday orders received -d to
that date at present price.; * < . : •- ¦
;. \Wb* te ribbon is considered;; smarter
for J ; under wear , than \ colors." ' Pink ; and
blue'come 'next m';f avori , and a few lay-'
ender* ribbon' run garments j are/ seen.
Some! extreme f styles : ahowrthe? use ' of
large; ribbon . bows; of , a .-much wider
width • than'i is ; generallylused , on" corset
covers. ;.••; " : >"'¦.¦¦-. '/ ; : ' ''.'.,, ¦ ' : :~: ' ¦
Underwear Ribbon
CONGRESS— EL M.. Modesto. Cal.
The following are £he -Republican and
Democratic nominations for Consrress
to be voted for at the approaching elec
tion: . Republicahs-^-Flrst J-
N. 1 Gillett; Second," D. E. McKlnlay:
Third, Joseph R.' Knowland; Fourth.
Julius Kahn;' Fifth; E. A.' Hayes: Sixth.
J. "C.;"Needham;*; ; Seventh! James Mc-
Lachlan. and Eighth, S. C.- Smith. Dem
ocrats—First District, : A. Carainettl:
Second, iTheodore A: BeU ; Third. H. C.
McPike; , < Fourth, E. J. Llvernaah:
Fifth, \W. J. ,Wynn; Stacth, William M.
Coiiley; Seventh, W. O.. Morton. *cd
Eighth, W. T. Lucaa The candidacy
of E. 1 J. ijvernaah and .W. J. Wynn bas
been by ihe . Labor party.
A\ Norwegian, has invented a - queer
way of * finding eut - where the fish are.
A niicrdphohe, -whichjs ¦ an [ instrument
that will catch and .transmit .the ; least
bit ' of ;•* sound. J ls y -. lowered jlnto;" the
water from a fishing 'smack, ' and a wire
from it leads to a' telephone aboard the
boat Now.as the Herring, -codfish and
mackerel . schools number thousands
and tens of thousands' of fish? their pas
sage through* the water : naturally
causes a rushing sound, which can ' be
heard; by •, the- fishermen at the •tele
phone, and 'thus they are, enabled ' to
lower their, nets « at the right time and
in the right, place.
''•A charming princess dinner dress was
carried out in ; point -de Vyenise ¦ mounted
on pale pink mousseiine de sole! The
decolletage '¦ f was T> draped ; with ; white
tulle- .and' adorned with .' festoons ; of
pearls;, while; the .sleeves,^which'cJwere*
opened to v reveal/ the ' shoulder .: and
upper • part ; of .the.: arm, , were upheld ] by
bretelles of .pearls* UT correspond. r ,
Dinner Dress.
Fishing by 'Phone
COITNTRY PROPERTY— Z. Z.. City.
If a person purchases a piece of. coun
try real estate with the understanding
that the purchaser shall erect r on the
property a* house not to cost* less than
a stipulated price.. that Is a contract,
and the purchaser would be bound by
its terms. If the ' purchaser should
erect a house of less- value he would
probably have to suffer the penalty set
out in the contract,
. \ Daisy— We decided it would be help
ful for us 'to tell each other, our faults.
: . Maisy— How. did the plan work out? :
Daisy— ;We haven't spoken 'for nearly
a . year. -
OF COURSE.
A CHAUFFEUR- T. E., Oakland.
Cal. If you- desire to become a chauf
feur, offer services to any of the first
class automobile companies. If there
Is a, vacancy and you. show any apti
tude for the business you may be given
a trial.
NATURALLY. V
Kidder— I averted a terrible tragedy
just now. : \" ,'.-.
Katharine-— Ij'ow? .
Kidder^-A m'».n said he .would kill me
if I didn't givje him a dollar, and I
gave him"a d'illar. ; : . . . i.>
Jlnswers.
OUT of the nebulous haze of the Democratic -platform it ap
pears that tariff tinkering is one of the few issues upon which
any degree o( unanimity is reached by supporters of Judge
Parker. Instant revision of the protective system is demanded, a
revision which would amount to nothing less than destruction in
the hands of a Democratic Congress. Upon this peg there is made
to hang campaign talk about the condition' of labor, the "busting"
of trusts and the imminence of general calamity.
Before the voter gives ear to these siren calls of distracted
Democracy it would be well for him to pass in review the phe
nomenal growth ,of American commerce abroad, which has been;
rendered possible by the protection of American industry at home
under the Republican tariff. In the year 1903 the- United States
beaded the list of the four great exporting nations of the world,
leading Great Britain by $12,948,572, Germany by $492,231,302 and
France by $571,560,302. Even with this, our domestic trade between
State and State equaled in gross value the entire^international com
merce of the world.
From the reports of our consuls in foreign; ports come monthly
news of the, invasion of American manufactured products into the
very fastness of: old .world trade centers. American harvesting ma
chines cut the wheat of Russia, American watches are sold in the
shops of Geneva,; American locomotives have' been contracted for
by. the managements of Indian railroads, American steel girdles 'thei
great. Atbara bridge. Thus the tale of our successes abroad grows
larger with every year passed.
- The stability 'of our ,trade with foreign markets depends upon
-the protective" tariff. 'This assertion needs no, proof other : than a
. comparison between the. export ; figures of the ' four lean ] years of : free
trade and those of the succeeding, fat "years of protection. The cbh
.fidence of the manufacturer. reposes in the;^^ tariff; scheme :>tHaf has
brotight him unexampled -prosperity. A;-juggling with", this scheme
by- hands inimical to its existence would confi
dence, manufacturers - would retrench and America's grip * on v 'th*e*
-world's markets;be shaken.<i -,^;^Kr^--C^' " ;
TARIFF TINKERING.
J. Pierpbnt Morgan-is gifted with a
great deal:more of humor than Is gen
erally*known. Not long ago, while in
London, he was introduced to a woman
who made some pretensions to peerage.
"Pardon me," said the woman, haught
ily, "to which Morgans to you belong?"
"Oh, we are an independent branch,"
replied Mr. Morgan, slyly, "but we date
back to the • Norman kings." "Ah,
then you have . a coat * of arms ?" Mr.
Morgan dug down into his pocket and
brought forth a ; shining American $20
gold piece. . '-"This," he said, "is . our
coat of arms;.a few other families have
adopted the same ' ! , emblem. ; But;" he
continued confidentially, ."we are gath
ering them ' in as , fast as possible." ' ¦ '
His • CoaUof'Jlrms.
Princess gowns are to be worn again
this autumn to quite a large extent.
They will take the form of the genuine
old-fashioned princess dress, which hafs
been modified of late out of. all recogni
tion, and although, many of them will
in reality be fashioned in two distinct
pieces, this will, be so contrived that it
will not be visible. . - , >.
Princess Gowns.
Strings of thin satin are by no means
exceptional, and make ah effective fin
ish to picture -hats, says the Millinery
Trade ', Review. Black liberty . strings
are attached under the brim of a
black velvet hat, and knotted .together
once, so that the knot rests on . the
wearer's right shoulder. This hat has
the brim somewhat raised on the right
side,' while. curving down. in. the brim.
The trimming consists of loops of j the
ribbon, each plaited into the shape of
a dahlia petal, arranged in. two halves,
embracing two-thirds of the crown.
Joined by a handsome cut steel buckle
of shield shape, and a plume of os
trich tips placed rather far back.
Haiyfrimmings.
M. Henri Bergson, in a curious book
which he calls "La Rire. f \ explains why
we laugh. He has a novel theory to ac
count for our laughter, which is that
automat* _i is the real genesis of the
comical. * I •
In gesture, says M. Bergson, the
movements -of the human body are
laughable in the exact degree in which
that body reminds us. of a mechanism.
For instance, why do we laugh when
an orator, making an eloquent gesture,
upsets the glass of water placed before
him?... We 'do* not laugh , because the
motion was . an unexpected one, but
because the body ceased to be under
control and was mechanical. Had the
Bpeech-maker had an apoplectic stroke
it would have been just as unexpected,
but we should- not have laughed.
Speeches which" make us laugh, M-
Bergson goes on, are those which come
out automatically. For Instance, "If I
die, will you come to my funeral?"
"With pleasure." And. of course, au
tomatism in a situation makes for
laughter, such as the celebrated situa
tion in the "Chapeau de Paille d'ltalie,"
when a whole marriage; party searches
for a straw hat which a horse has
eaten. There is something novel about
this theory of M. Henri Bergson. ;'
Dumplings.— Roll biscuit or short
cake dough till one-half Inch thick,
or divide in six portions and put each
into a round shape. In each fold an
apple cored and pared. Steam or bake
forty-five minutes or till the apples
are soft. Other fruits can be substi
tuted for apples.
Fritters. — Core and pare three or four
apples, but do not break them. Cut
them in slices, one-third inch thick,
leaving the opening In the center.
Sprinkle with sugar, lemon and spice.
Dip each slice in the fritter batter*and
fry "in hot fat. Drain and sprinkle with
powdered sugar. For the better use
two eggs, one-half cup milk, one cup
flour, one saltspoon salt, one teaspoon
sugar, one tablespoon oil or melted
butter. Separate the yolks and whites
of the eggs and fold in the whites last.
One teaspoon baking powder may be
added and one* egg left out.
Farina. — Into one pint boiling water,
salted, stir one-quarter cup farina. As
soon "as (thickened slice In two good
sized apples and cook one-half- hour,
or; till' the. apples are soft- '_ This may
be molded and served with .whipped
cream as dessert.
Croquettes — Stew apples till soft
with little water and beat till smooth,
or rub through a strainer. To each cup
of this sauce cold add two tablespoons
sugar, one-half cup cracker crumbs,
one saltspoon salt, two saltspoons nut
meg; stand in cold place for an hour,
then carefully shape like small apples,
crumb, cover with egg, crumb again,
fry In deep fat and insert clove to
represent blossom end of apple and
another clove at opposite end for stem.
Why We Laugh.
Jipple Recipes.
. During, the fall. and 1 winter furs of all
kinds will be ' used for dress and hat
trimmings.'" Bear fur Is to be .revived.
Any dainty edge of fur on velvet or
cloth is effective. Evening gowns and
tea gowns are trimmed with : the finest
threads of exquisite furs. An imported
hat appeared a few. days ago with "an
edging of fine, fur tracing the outline of
the.'; lace medallions 'of which \the ¦ hat
was made. Fur unites beautifully, with
cashmere. Cashmere will be worn more
this ; season . than ; for s some J time past:
This . introduces fur into; -'.the combina
tions ". for ' house gowna. V, ; ;
heaviest of cloths, and this winter they
are* remaining unlined.y Among the
separate fancy, waists there is such an
abundance of styles . . and V beautiful
models one finds ' it rather difficult . to
choose. .' . v . :¦'•:.
Fur Trimming.
Shirt waist suits for: the house: are a
necessity, and the present modes are all
that 'could be, desired in that ' line.
There is a large ¦ assortment, and a big
variety of different' styles and designs,
and they come in all colors and ma
terials. Silk'braid ribbon /binding and
fringe is used quite a little and much
embroidery is appearing on the fancy
waist 'of heavy material. .The surplice
waist affords many; opportunities tor
elaborate and becoming trimming, and
also 'many are worn with ' the "V" low
neck. Tucks,: plaits and shirrs ;cpn T
stitute much of the fullness and fancl
ness,and'a waist is not. complete un
less yards and yards of material are
utilized in the making. ' \
;vA 6Uit which would catch the' fancy
of any woman who was a bit artistic
was .of light blue albatrv ss. The waist
was,- tucked ¦ finely * to. the line,
"where it was loose. Black velvet rib
bon was used as straps with,' a tiny
tassel on each end. A sort of Mexican
braid formed an elaborate design
across the front and over the shoulder
seam. White embroidery /¦¦ of extreme
fineness was employed -as* the. ;yoke.
Other pretty little suits are; made of
'cashmere,' heririetta and even' lawns
are being made up for winter wear.
, As white is so '•¦ fashionable, a ma
jority of women prefer it to any color,
and the daintiest of frocks are due to
the popularity of white. The separate
waists." to be worn are made of the
: ., It ; never, pays to buy too cheap ; a
velvet. .Inhere is no objection to 7 a cot
ton-backed article, but one., with a
short nap is always preferable and one
that sells at not less than $1 a yard*. -In
the matter of dress linings care should
be taken in selecting one which l's sup
ple and light in weight.
When silk, is used, for this- purpose,
one that is soft and crumples easily in
the hand and yet which will smooth
out without a wrinkle is by far^ the
most satisfactory- But nowadays many
women prefer a fine, soft percaline or
some similar material in preference to
silk, for the reason that it lies closer
to the figure and is more easily .mold-'
ed to the lines of the body than the
silk. « ..-.- ... . ¦¦¦•am
Shirt Waist Suits.
Choosing Linings.
IT is strange that commerce should entertain myths and be**dis
quieted by nightmares. One of these, b'ogies is the yellow peril,
in its commercial form. As China has great iron and coal de
posits and other resources undeveloped, it has been held "in some
quarters that their development will be an injury to the Western
nations. This is a fallacy. That part of the Western hemisphere oc
cupied by the United States has proved to be the richest in natural
resources of any part of the globe, and it has added to the wealth
of the rest of the world. According to those who cower before the
commercial yellow peril, the development of North America should
have been a misfortune instead of a blessing to mankind.
An intelligent Chinese, connected with the maritime customs
of that empire, in an official report, deals with this subject, to this
effect : "The development of industrial enterprises, the extension of
railways and the exploitation of the mineral resources of the coun
try are likely to have important effects upon trade in the near future.
Industry leads to wealth, and wealth brings demands for goods.
It is surprising that the prophecy should sometimes be heard that
the Chinese will import less as they manufacture more. Experience
teaches that the contrary is invariably the case."
It is strange that the myth of the peril of the civilized awakening
of China should persist in the fact of. the world's experience with
awakened Japan. That island empire started in her present commer
cial career in 1878. In old Japan the merchant and trader was
frowned upon. The soldier was in Ihe highest class. The merchant
was one of the lowest. This ancient classification had to be over
come and the Japanese merchant had - to fight his way up - in the
esteem of his # own country. In 1878, the total -foreign commerce of
Japan amounted to 60,000,000 yen. In twenty, years it~ rose to 400,
000,000 yen. In 1903 Japanese imports from the States alone
amounted to 50,000,000, nearly equaling the entire; foreign trade of
that country in 1878. Our trade with Japan increased- thirty fold in
twenty years. Now suppose that China take on the same transforma
tion as Japan, and instead of the trade of 48,000,000 of people the
world enter trade with the 420,000,000 of Chinese, it will be seen
that the yellow peril to commerce is a creation of the imagination.
THE DEVELOPMENT OF CHINA.
SLY CUPID.
GUPID is a merry rascal,
Arch deceiver he!
Ever taking others captive,,
He hirrfself is free.
Steal jisr_hearts his richest plunder—
'thinks ?\t *'naugfir"but sport. v >
Still, of one thing he's not guilty—
'That's contempt of court.
—New York Press.
Yet this is just what many a lovely
length of ribbon Is doing. To be sure
the coats thus adorned t are ' evening
wraps, and. 'the ribbon is vouchsafed
as a slight recompense for the col
larless condition of the coat. It really
was auite a severe throat test to jump
from the ubiquitous storm collar of a
few seasons back to the utter bareness
offered of late. The feminine throat re-,
sented the radical change, so, as a sop
to this denuded member, we have the
ribbon collar. ' ' . . -
s These ribbon collars are formed
thus:/ A couple of ¦yards or mofe of
five-inch ribbon in lovely pastel print-
Ings- are reauired.; At about-the mid
dle of j this lensrth/- the ' ribbon' ;ts
wrinkled on a two-inch, bit of neatly
covered whalebone, to ;hold It up in
place.; This" is " placed' at the center
back of the neck of the coat. • The
lower edge of the ribbon is then deftly
caught the rest of the way around. It
is gathered in again at each side of the
front, and the ends are then. allowed
to fall free, or they are j tied.* :This
finish' is noted both on cape and coat
models.-— Philadelphia Record. »
In our most fanciful sartorial
dreams we hardly saw ribbon serving
as the collar of a coat.
Another feature of sleeves, especially
those in wraps, is the whaleboned
shoulder. Whalebones in many of these
extend four or five inches beyond the
real; shoulder. ..!;,. - ¦-¦
At last the hoop is here!
1 The fact will in no wise gratify the
I-told-you-so sort of person, however,
since the hoop distends the sleeves in
stead of the skirt.
This particular sleeve Is of ivory
moussellne in a dress of dainty green
eollenne. It is one mass of fullness
and just above the elbow there are
dainty little shirringa, the center "one
of the cluster of three concealing a
reed no thicker than a wire. This
reed is a hoop, however. It is about
nine inches in diameter and is "Restor
ationy" enough to please the most .ex
treme taste.
Think of. it, a' black jet' necklace!
One now for sale consists of a row of
cut jet nail heads, and from these are
pendent the dearest old lot* of grand
motherly pendants, pear-shaped af
fulrs in graduated sizes, that reminds
one of coquettes now turning to d.ust,
says the Chicago Journal. Such neck
laces in gold are not as large and aim
at rich • ornamental effects. Indeed,
the more delicate these designs, the
more pleasing, for their exquisite
workmanship is kepb above mere
weightiness. The La Valliere is as
much liked as ever, and some superb
examples show f stones in as many as
five colors. Well chosen and artisic
ally designed, such a necklace is some
thing to wish for. Fancifully shaped
jewels are yet used with splendid re
sults,. the great care being to use the
combinations dlscreetl>v- t '¦'£** <v ; -'- •
New Necklaces.
Ribbon Collars.
Hoops in Sleeves.
CALIFORNIA, with over a thousand miles of frontage on_the
Pacific Ocean, and with its superb geographical position rela
tive to the future great markets of the world, is essentially a
maritime State; and it is of vast importance that its citizens should
be encouraged to seek to obtain their share of the benefits to be
derived from the transportation of the wealth of the world which
is destined to pass through its harbors.
Among the burdens that shipping owned and registered in this
State now bears is that of State and municipal taxation, which, fol
lowing the precedent established by other important seaboard States
in the Union, should be at once removed. California should no
longer subject its shipping property to such a severe handicap in
competition with vessels flying a foreign flag or owned in other
States which use our harbors on equal terms and yet pay no taxes.
Shipping property, unlike other property, is primarily governed
by Federal law — it pays tonnage dues to the United States ; the
owners, officers and crews are amenable to Federal law; it is
operated upon the seas and harbors under laws made by and obtains
its protection from the Federal Government. , V'
The State imposes a tax termed dockage on such property for
the privilege of using a wharf. The municipality imposes taxes for
police, fire, street, sewer and other municipal purposes of which
shipping property cannot avail itself, at least to any appreciable de
gree, for the main reason that shipping property, to be of value, must
be engaged in duties outside of the jurisdiction of the municipality or
State, except during the time of loading and discharge at a city front
wharf, and while so engaged is taxed every day by the State for
the use of the wharf. Neither the State nor the municipality accords
one iota of assistance or protection to shipping property after it
leaves a wharf, and yet the municipality imposes the heaviest taxes,
while giving practically nothing in return.
It is a peculiar hardship that shipping property should be made
to pay not only the same taxes as are imposed on real and personal
property, but an additional tax to the United States, as well as one
to the State, when, as a matter of justice and common sense, it
should be relieved of all taxes with the possible exception of ton
nage dues to the United States. •
It is possible for local shipowners, at a slight inconvenience,* to
register their vessels in other States whose laws favor the owner
ship of ship property, but it would be at the expense of prestige to
California.
All important maritime nations of the world have either, a sys
tem of protection or assistance to their shipping, or are considering
measures to be taken in that direction, and it lies within the duty of
California to follow the lines laid out by her sister States, and to
remove the penalties which she now imposes on the local owner
ship of tonnage. It should be our earnest purpose to .stimulate the
investment of capital in vessels to be built, owned and registered in
this State, and to that end it is hoped that amendment No. n will
receive the hearty support of all who are interested in the welfare of
California, which is destined in the not remote future to be the
greatest seaboard State in the Union.
TAXATION OF SHIPPING.
A luncheon for many of. this t sea
son's : buds was given yesterday by
Miss Edna Davis at her home on Scott
street.~The young hostess is herself a
debutante,' and 1 , the gathering of all
Mr." and Mrs. Clinton Jones have
taken apartments at the Colonial . for
the winter, having recently closed their
country, home in Ross Valley. The en
gagement of their daughter to Webb
R. Ballard of Seattle has Just been an
nounced by Mr. and .Mrs. Jones. v The
date of the welding is still undeter
mined.
• ? '. . • • •
Miss Julia D. Wright, daughter of Mr.
arid Mrs. G. Alexander .Wright of Ala
meda, has returned from a' European
trip, where she devoted much of her
time to : the study of art. Miss Wright
was formerly, a student in the Hopkins
Institute and is a member of the Pa
cific Coast Entomological Society, this
membership entitling her to all the ad
vantages and privileges of the British
and Kensington museums. The friend3
of Miss Wright have been extending
her much hospitality, and she In return
has regaled them with the most inter
esting features of. the trip.
. The red room of the Bohemian Club
was a-glitter and a-glow last night in
honor of two charming. maids, soon to
be^ brides. rMr. . and . Mrs. Henry Foster
Dutton .entertained \. at dinner Miss
Katherine Dillon and Miss Gertrude
Duttoni who, -with their fiances, Lieu
tenant * Emory • Winship and Josiah
Howellr were the center of attraction.
Fifty, guests 'were present, and the
scene, .with -its . beautiful decorations
and lights and its more beautiful wom
en, was a brilliant one, and by far the
most elaborate dinner affair of the sea
son. J_£SSS&$K_____ '..-•'.'''¦'• ~'-' : \
• ."-;•••'¦ "• •
given Tor Mijss Chariotte Wilson^by her
parents in the near future,- and this
happy event is being eagerly looked
forward -.to.
'Tis the debutantes' hour' On* all sides
are festivities that . are" gay with • the
natural exuberance.', of youth. f : Miss
Nathalie Coffin, Miss Carol Moore, Miss
Dorothy Eells and a dozen others are
receiving the' attention, of their friends
and' elders, who are -doing their utmost
to launch' these bright maids auspicious
ly. Now comes • word of a dinner to' be
Mr. and Mrs. Byron Mauzy, with a
party in which are the Misses Schroth,
Miss Elsie Young, Mrs. Hebbard and
Charles Schroth, are In Indianapolis,
where they have Just arrived from St.
Louis, having visited the exposition for
three weeks. November will see their
return to San Francisco. f
Mrs. Henry Wadsworth entertained
the Wheelock Whist Club yesterday af
ternoon In her apartments at the Bella
Vista/ -
Miss Pearl Seeley of Los Angeles,
who is visiting in this city, is receiving
much attention from her many friends.
Miss Ethel Wallace was hostess at a
tea for Miss Seeley one day this week,
the Wallace home on Gough street be
ing the' scene of the affair. Among
the guests were Miss Seeley, Mrs. Dar
ragh, Mrs. Arthur Wallace, Mrs. Dib
ble. Miss Jessie Flllmore and Miss
SmalL
Mr. and Mrs. Carter Pitkih Pomeroy
will give an informal dance for. Miss
Nathalie Coffin and Miss Dorothy Eells
on the evening of November 11 at the
Pomeroy home on Hyde street. '
Miss L-llie Reis and ¦William Huie
will be married on November 19, but
the details for the wedding have not
been decided upon.
Miss E. B. Garber was the guest of
honor at a reception held yesterday at
the beautiful Palache home . in Clare
mont. The hostess, Mrs. Whitney
Palache. a niece of Miss Garber. re
ceived a large number of guests in the
spacious rooms, which were filled with
ferns and flowers for the occasion.
Miss Katherfne Kutz of Oakland
entertained yesterday In honor of Miss
Alice Bacon, whose engagement to
Tom Driscoll has made the fair fiancee
the principal at many affairs for the
past several weeks. This was a lunch
eon that was delightful and enlivened
by the presence o£ these bright young
folk: Miss Bacon, Miss Kutz, Miss
Helen Dornln. Mls3 Eleanor Phelps,
Miss Oertrude Russell, Miss Mar
guerite Bottes. Miss Anita ', Thompson
and Miss Sevilla Hayden.
these, vivacious young maids was a
charming 1 picture.
BY SALLY i-SHJP.RP-
THE SMART SET
THEi;SANJFRAN(:iSCOSGAliL;, FRIDAY; -OCTOBER- :2S^19Q4.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS .'... ..... Proprietor
- ' ; — '. — - — - —
ADDRESS ALL, COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN* McXAUGHT _ Manager
______ _____________^____ i
PUBLICATION -OFFICE ...THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, BAN FRANCISCO
FRIDAY. . OCTOBER 28, 1904
8Stickney Says Union , Pacific Has , Not
BoucUt Great Western.
OMAHA, ; Oct 27.- r President A. P.
Stickney of the \ Chicago, Great '-¦ West
ern Railroad, who is here ' to-day," de
nied absolutely^hatthe Great Western
had been 1 sold : to ' Union Pacific inter
ests. He also \ said ' that : so ¦ far as he
knew no option* had "been given on the
property : to * any : person * and *: scouted
the whole v 8tbry.^ '"¦':-'¦ :
¦ •¦• " '-'. ¦ '.'. ..'•'. ' - ... ..'.. :'
" WILL. * GIVE - SWE3)ISH.— A - dramatic I en
tertalnment; and ' ball . wtll be ' glren -. by. Brand
stedt'* * Theatrical * Company , at Turn '*, Verela
Hall .353 Turk etreet, to-morrow evening. j.The
affair^ wUl 3 start '¦ prompUy t at 8 :; o'clock \ and
there ' will ', be ;¦ riven '-;' the ¦- laughable Swedish
pity. "SmalandBtnekten,",' with »lngln« acd
teDcuurspedaltiea"; ; .* : .- \
DENIES • REPORTED ;' SALE.
In conclusion. Ripley : says, that , a
large increase in earnings . reflects the
rapid growth of the territory served by
the Santa ¦ Fe lines ¦ in population and
wealth. Attention is called to the fact
that this growth is likely to continue.
The report says that - the miners'
strike cost the Santa Fe, in loss of ton
nage : and J enhanced cost of fuel, not
leFs than $1,500,000. The , road has not
been affected by the machinists'
1 1 1 1 11 ' ":. '""IT ToTWitllTUnr >
The annual .report' of E. P. Ripley,
president. of the company, for the fis
cal year, recited the fact that the reve
nue of the company for the year was
materially added to by a substantial
increase in the citrus fruit crop of
California, by a small increase in the
cotton movement from Texas and the
Indian Territory ¦ and by v large in
creases in the movement of general
merchandise, and . lumber. .There was
a loss iu revenue from coal^and V coke
tonnage. : :; .
TOPKKA. Kans., Oct. 27.— The re
port that a combination of Harriman
and - Rockefeller interests had secured
control of the Santa Fe system was ef
fectively disposed of at the annual
meeting of the stockholders of the sys
tem held at noon to-day. There was
no representative of the Harriman in
terests present, and a big majority of
the ¦ stockholders voted for the re-elec
tion of the directors whose terms ex
pired this year.
The directors ratified the sale to the
Santa Fe ! of the Eastern Oklahoma
Railway- Company,' the sale of the Cal
ifornia Eastern , Railway Company and
the Southern California Railway. The
directors also approved the. purchase of
the Cane Belt Railroad Company.
Report That Harriman and
Rockefeller Had Secured
Control Proves Untrue
REFUSES TO AUDIT DEMANDS.— Auditor
Baehr yesterday * declined ¦ to audit: the salary
demands of ; fifteen deputy registrars for Sep
tember, . on the ground that the bills wer©
made out for more - days than are In ' the
month. The Election ¦ Commission ' explained
that the deputies had worked overtime and
were therefore entitled to extra compensation.'
COUNT COIN IN TREASURY— Grand Jury
Expert Pettee and a representative of &' surety
company on the bonds of City Treasurer • Mc-
Dougald yesterday counted the cash in the
city's vaults at the City' Hall. After two
hours' hard work the counters found the sum
of $1,182,497 87 In the vaults or $181 more
than the balance called for In. the ledger
amounting to $1,182,496 66.
NO NEW HANDS
IN SANTA FE
WANTS CHARTER AMENDMENT ELEC
TION.—The San Francisco Promotion Com
mittee yesterday petitioned the Supervisors
to call a special election during De
cember for the purpose of submitting 'pro
posed charter amendments which the Supreme
Court has decided ; cannot" be voted upon in
November. The committee Is Interested In
amendment No. 11, which provides more
definitely for the maintenance of spur tracks
The Pacific Coast Waiters' Associa-,
tion held its ninth annual ball; last
night at Native Sons', Hall. The ball
room was artistically decorated " and
the affair proved a success. The | band
struck up for the grand march short
ly before 10; o'clock and the merry
throng danced, until after: midnight,
when a sumptuous supper was served.
Waiters Give Their Annual Ball.
And all that is exclusive and best in so
cial engraving at Sanborri & Vail's.' Social
correspondence "papers exclusive
brands. Fashion's latest approved styles
in calling cards. 741 Market street. . •
Wedding, Invitations
Chase's Father-in-Law. Indicted.
POMEROY, Ohio. Oct. 27.— The
Grand Jury to-day indicted R. Man
ning, father-in-law, of .County Treas
urer Thomas J. Chase, as a confeder
ate in the county treasury robbery of
September 9.* T.' J. Chase, indicted
yesterday, supplied a$10,000 bond to
night and was released from > Jail.
SUDDEN DEATH OF A MACHINIST.—
Bedford A. Tlngley, a machinist. 5T years
old, fell dead ' yesterday at 6:35. a. m. in the
yard of. the Union Iron -Works. He resided
at 2903 Mission street. Heart disease Is be
lieved to have been the cause of death.
VICE CONSUL. FOR PANAMA.— Rodman
C , Pell has been recognized as Vice Consul
for Panama at -this port. ¦ " \ . ¦
CHICAGO, Oct. 27;— Friends of J.
M.'.Da Camara of San Francisco have
asked that the, police here'search -for
the. man,' believing that he became in
sane while gn ;tha .train going from
San" Francisco >toV New York and is
now lost in. Chicago. Da Camara left
San Francisco on September '22," hav
ing purchased a ticket I for New York.
He ' was heard from . after •-. he ¦ arrived
in -. Chicago. It is said that an inco
herent letter, was written to his friends
in*' San Francisco, and this has - led
them to believe that he became ill and
may be in a hospital in Chicago. .
Detectives at the : Central- station
have been detailed on the case. . and
they will search the hospitals for the
man. • : • ' i: L
SAN FRANCISCAN BELIEVED
TO BE LOST IN CHICAGO
On Wednesday afternoon Miss Grace
Edna Morgan, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs.- J.' S.' Morgan, became the bride of
William : R. , Borlini. „'. ,¦ . = • ¦
The; ceremony was performed at the
home ; of the bride's , parents on < Capp
street by th? < Rev. . Jay, William Hud
son in the presence of relatives and a
ferrcloge friends. >vf . ,> »t ;\
*¦ The" bride", • a 1 . : maid, was
given into the keeping of the groom by
her ; father.' ;She> was attended' by» Miss
May,:.Lee, while.. Stephen V, Costello
was best. man. \ ' • _¦
The postnuptial trip over, ' the happy
pair- will. live in this city. . '•¦%-:¦:
Miss Grace Morgan
: Married to W.
Borlini.
MISS GRACE EDNA MORGAN. WHO
YESTERDAY WAS WEDDED TO
YOUNG BUSINESS MAN. ;
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.— Miss Eliza
beth M. Horan will not be compelled
to croduce the letters from Miss Etta
M. Warren which, it is contended, con
tained descriptions of the mental state
of Miss Bertha Dolbeer. Robert P.
Lee, ( the commissioner appointed to
take testimony in the suit brought by
Western relatives to have Miss Dol
beer's will set aside, decided this to
day.
Lee heard two more witnesses on
the side. of the opponents to-day.
They were a Mrs. Shaw of California
and J. Stanley Foster of the. Bowery
Bank. Mrs.- Shaw knew Miss Dolbeer
in the West and came from California
with her last spring. Foster was - a
passenger on the Deutschland on the
voyage on which Miss Dolbeer re
turned from Europe. Both testified
that Miss Dolbeer ap'peared rational.
Witness Triumphs Over Western
Relatives of Late Bertha ,
Dolbeer.
MISS HORAN'S L.ETTKRS * -
" NOT TO BE PRODUCED
-•This is one of the most important
places in I the American consular ser
vice and Js one of the best paying in
France.' An, efficient Vice Consul there
stands in line for promotion to the
full" consulship or a place of equal im
portance elsewhere. . ' : 'i.:-;
;. The President has offered the im
portant-post of Vice Consul at Mar
seilles, ' France, to a Harvard gradu
ate j if J the , appointment department of
that university can find a man willing
and qualified' to take the post. If the
right man is not found shortly the ap
pointment will go to some other insti
tution/ a." ; '
BOSTON. Oct. '¦¦¦¦: 27. — Private dis
patches . from Washington . state that
President ' Roosevelt has decided to
open ' the"; diplomatic and "consular \ ser
vices to university graduates and give
them the^ preference In appointments.
His idea • is to Improve these branches
of the. Government administration and
fill the places with men who are broad
minded, fair linguists and with a spe
cial training such as some of the large
universities are now giving to qualify
their graduate* for similar positions. Ji
Special Dispatch to The Call
In the evening there was "another
big attendance, .which wasi- addressed
by the Rev. William Harmon Hopkins
and other speakers.
Ministerial Relief Society Board — Rev Wal
ter Frear, George T. Hawley, Rev. J. K. Har
rison, Rev. S. C. Patterson. George H. Scott.
5* v * W-C, Jond, D.D.; Rev. Joseph Powell
Re v - S-.R- Yarrow, Rev. C. W. Merrill, Rev
E. S: Williams. ' ¦ ' - .
Preacher -for the .General : Association of
Northern California, to be held at Palo Alto.
1905— Rev. W. H. Hopkins; alternate. Rev.
R. C. Brooks. ' . . - ¦ . -
Candidates for corporate membership of the
American board— Rev. Charles R. Brown, Dr.
George C. Adams, Sparrow ..Smith.
Delegates to fraternal bodies to the Synod
of the Pacific— Rev. S. M.- Dodge; -to Methodist
conference — Rev. E.S. Williams; to Methodl»t
Conference South — Rev. C. H. Stevens* to
Central Baptist Conference— Rev.:; Seneca
Jones; to Christian Convention— Rev. George
E." Atkinson; to General Association of South
ern California— Rev. H. H. Wlkoff. • •
Other % addresses during the morning
and afternoon sessions were by Dr.
Buckham, Kev. J. H. KImball, Gilbert
Dexter, Rev. F. H. Burgess, J. N.
Young and B. S. Hayes.
The following appointments were
made, to hold for one year:
Committee on temperance— Rev. *' George de
Kay, Rev. A. B. Snider, Rev. B. H. Jones.
Rev. Franklin Baker. .
The great bulk of all the business done in
any of our great cities Is done on the simple
faith that one man has In the honesty and In
tegrity of other men with whom he is doing
business, and that faith is rarely disappointed.
At no time in the history of .the world has
so much of Its business been | In the hands of
upright men of Christian character as to-day.
The business man needs no new. religion,
nor any modification of the old truths as
taught by Christ, and the seed sown by the
Master is deeply Implanted in the business
heart. % . .•¦-, • ..- .- .
There Is nothing incompatible between a
man being an earnest, far-seeing business man
and aV the same ,time a devout, humble fol
lower of the man of Nazareth.
I believe that the noblest Christian live*
among professing Christians to-day will be
found among the earnest business men. This
Is an age when business men are being tested.
Business men In general deliberately and by
preference choose, the righteous way of doing
business. . *
It has sometimes been doubted whether a
business man can so rise above the sordid in
terests of his business as to obtain ' a clear
vision of that which lies beyond the realm of
material things.
The workintrman will not worship in the
same- house with his enemy, the business man,
so It may be that there will be a religion for
the business man. Such a religion. I think,
would have to be other than Christian, for
Us great founder had only one religion. . His
message was the same to- those that labored
and who were heavy ladened. As it was to
the ruler who came to him by night to find
out if there was a Epecial religion for him.
God has settled the great verities of religion,
and they cannot be changed, and the business
man must make his business conform to these
ereat truths and not seek to shape these
truths to suit his business.
In our day. the man who owns and operates
an industrial establishment no longer meets
the men who work with him in God's house
and there worship together the Father who
presides over the interests of all. men.
'They have come to be enemies, and the time
that* used' to be devoted to the worship of a
common God is now devoted .to the study of
methods whereby they may do the most harm
to each other.
Mr.>DlckIe said, in part:
' - ¦ ¦• ".-¦ ' <¦:¦-¦/; * ,
The General Congregational Asqpcia
tion of California (North) resumed :it;s
sessions yesterday at" ; the "Third Con
gregational Church,. Fifteenth, street,
near Mission; There was an attendance
of about 300, and •'" the addresses at
tentively listened to by the audience.
"Religion of a Business l^an" was
the subject of the address by G.--W.
Dickie, manager of the Union " Iron
Works.
Member ;6f ¦ Cambridge Alum
; rii ; to Be Tendered Im
portant Post at MarseiUes
Congregationalists Fill Po
sitions to -Be ( Held for
the Next Twelve^onthi-i
HARVARD FIRST IN LINE
HUNGER FOR SYMPATHY
President to Give Preference
|to£ Graduates in Making
.; Diplomatic J Appointments
George W. Dickey Declares
They Desire to Follow
Righteous Examples Set
COLLEGE MEN
FOR CONSULS
BUSINESS MEN
AND RELIGION
THE ; I SAN FR ANGISCCX ; GAmV : FRJD AY^^OCTOBER 28, \ 1904;
Winsome Maid
Is Wedded in
Quiet Fashion
6PEED SHOULD NOT BE LIMITED.— Tb«
North Central Improvement Association yes
terday filed a protest with the Supervisors
ncmlnst limiting: the speed of street cars to
rirht miles an hour.
Harry Hudson, a Chinese watch
man employed by the Government at
the detention shed, was caught steal-
Ing a revolver from Immigrant In
spector Thomas Crawford about a
week ago. Hudson was suspended by
Chief Mehan of the bureau and the
culprit sent In his resignation. Mr.
Mehan has asked the department to
refuse the resignation and to order
the dismissal and prosecution of Hud
son.
Federal Watchman a Thief.
9
AMUSEMEXT8.
VULy mtSlSk UADIU VEAiS
LAST 3 NIGHTS-Mat Sat
The Brilliant Musical Comedy Success.
SAN TOY
With JAMES T. POWERS. -
- LAST TIME SUNDAY NIGHT.
BEGINNING ft eXT MONDAY,'
ISApORERUSH
In the ; Farcical Comedy Success.
GLITTERING GLORIA
SEATS NOW BEAST.
: *
GRAN_DSouIg
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
ARIZONA
. Beginning Next Sunday Matinee,
JANE .CORCORAN
Supported by ANDREW ROBSON
in PRETTY, PEGGY
POPULAR PRICES.
European and_American Stars !
The Three finmosdi; Sullivan and Fas-
anelena; Harvey Comedy Company;
- .' Owley and ¦ Randall, aad Orpheum Mo-
' ,. tion Pictures. Showinar "The Moon-
«Jiiner»."
Last Times of Lewis McCord and Com-
pany: Techow's Cats; Stnon and Paris.
• and JosvDntae DeWltt.
- Regrular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday . and Sunday. Prices^-lOc. 25c
and 60c. " —
GPERAfiyOU" 0^
¦ LAST WEEK
"" Enormous Success of .the First ' Productloa
. In English of the Famous Comic Opera.
Der RastelWnfler
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
';> MATINEE • SATURDAY. '
JfXXT MON- The London and New York
DAT H1OHT Musical Comedy Triumph.
THE MESSBNGERjBOY
USUAL ITIVOU ' PRICES. • . .25c. 50c. T5c
¦•¦¦¦»-¦„.•¦ ¦¦ \ ¦ ¦•- •-•..- ¦ ' ••.,..- . ¦
* , H..W. BISHOP," Lessee and Manager. '
ALL Tim v* jjkJC, •
' * Ollrer Morosco > offers . the . greatest of the
• Esmond plays,
TWENTY-ONE
'.¦ ." Presented ' by such stars'- as Howard Gould.'
Amelia *t3ardner; Elsl« Esmond, Frank Mac-
Vicars,*, Georse , .Woodward. Harry ; Mestayer.
Joseph Callahan, • Harry ¦ Stockbridge and : the
Othen. M3SMMSMMSBHn*9M4baVHM3KBMBD
: SATURDAY^' MATINEE.
, V MQ»DAT-w*yT,T!T.
15 D> IT C XJ 17 C IFOR BARBERS. BA-
OtiUOIlILO kers, bootblacki. bath-
\~*»*m»v**~i»;--- ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦- houses.- billiard < tables,
brewers,' bookbinders, candy makers, cannera,
: dyerm. flour i mills, foundries » laundries, paper*
hangera. , printers, painters. sho« -» factories,
•tablemen.: tar .roofers. 1 ? tanners.- tailors.; eta - '
IW'- ¦^.:^BtrcHAirAjrB»o».;^ : ' . - ¦
I Snub | Maaaf aotnxtnt" 009 S*enua*mto St.'
I— CALIFORNIA— -|
MATINEB TO-MORROW.
Last Time To-Morrow Night.
MASON AND MASON
AS THE BURGLAR
ANDTHE DETECTIVE ¦ I
In Mark E. Swan's Latest Musical
Comedy Success
FRITZ AND SNITZ
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
HAVERLY'S MINSTRELS
With BILLY VAN. "The Assassin of
Sorrow," and a host of other bi« fea-
tures. Positively the greatest Minstrel
organization In existence.
ALCAZArTSSf
j General Manarer.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS. '
MATI>fEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
H. V. Esmond's Delightful Comedy,
THE
WILDERNESS
Ev«s. 25c to 75c; Mats. 8at- and Sun.. 23c to 5Co
October .31, 'SsA WAYNE"
Thrilling Story of a Montana Dancehall Giri.
CENTRAL*!?'
Market st.. near Eighth. Phcn«- South 533^
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Mo t^ a , orse ? us Production of Steele Mackavea
thrilllngf drama of the "Reign of TerroV "
PAUL KAUVAR
_Marv«Ious mechanical effects.
The guilloUne and the headsman.
• ExDlosion and burninr of city.
Next Week— "THE WORST WOMAN IN
The Bipgraph, Showing "Personal,?
And * Splendid Sao-vr Every Aft ernooa
aad Eveolnsr la thm Theater.
TAKE A RIDS ON THX
KZHXATUBX '; ELECTRIC -. XAXUtOAS.
SEVEN BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO '
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony •' Orchestrion.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN, SATURDAY NIOHT
ADMISSION....... 10c I CHILDREN..... ,..5o
• When Phoning Ask. for "The Chute»" :
MISCEJLLAyEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL.
OAKLAND VS. TAC01V1A.
AHOTHXB OHEJIT SIHH8.
- . AT RECREATION . PARK. '
Eighth and . Harrison Streets.
TO-DAY and all WEEK DAYS. . ... .3 -a. m.
SUNDAY 2:30 p.m.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY. AND FRIDAY.
Advance ¦ Bate of Seats at - 3 Stockton 3tmt.
VnUrP D0NT FAIL TO
j COURT Lounging
room; the EMPIRE
auu parlor; u»
r -- 1 palm room; thi
«rand igg?^^:
Hotels |o&l W8IIINO
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•¦—¦— • -V
I. No triumph of American Art ¦
or Science has attained the 1
world -wide recognition of f
wIrind'
PIANO J
Its mechanical and artistic I
perfection has won for it I
the commendation of the ¦
musicians of the world. 1
fienj. Curtaz * son, I
Cbickering I
Agency 1
16 OTarrcU SI, S. F. '¦ ¦
m Sheet Music at Popular Prices. ¦
rnmtrn ***** mmmamm wm^wr
5 MERCHANT TAILORS, - ; | >
; 622 Market Street. :|i
< Up Stair*. Opp.' Paloc* HoUL li:
I: SAN FRANCISCO.
| Novelties in Imported Wear 'I:
¦ ¦ ¦ :{ - ¦ ¦.
A I III I £\ AmmunlUon. Hunting and
I 1 ! I>\SV Sporttas Good.. Luxe-t
IHll tor catalogue.
yUKI V 6HREVE & BARBER CO..
.^--O» Market *$tr.'muV tii
Parkdale Tennis Club, Chicago, from ex-
perience advises all young girls who have
pains and sickness peculiar to their sex, to use
Lydia EL Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
Hott many beautiful young girls develop into worn, listless and
hopeless women, simply because sufficient attention has not been paid
to their physical development No woman is exempt from physical
weakness and periodic pain, and young girls just budding into woman-
hood should be carefully guided physically as well as morally. *;: v
If you know of any young lady who is sick, and needs motherly
advice, ask her to write to Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., who will
give her advice free, from a source of knowledge which is un-
equalled in the country. Do not hesitate about stating details
•which one may not like to talk about, and which are essential for
9, full understanding of the case.
•>«jv Miss Hannah E. Nlershon, Collings-
v^lllp^S wood, N. J., says :
/|^%m^»m*V^ "I thought I would write and tell you
foat* b 7 following your kind advice, I feel like
3 **^ '!&$ a new P 61^ 011 - 1 as always thin and delicate,
;s3 <£•* 'ses f^ an( * so wea .^ I could hardly do anything.
Ms Menstruation was irregular.
r»r» » pf I? **I tried a bottle of your i Vegetable Com*
fc H/S^^. <^ > * J^ pound and began to feel better right away. I con-
"MpSkHKi—tt^Qi tinued its use, and am now well and strong, and
K^^^^^^pK^^menstruate regularly. I cannot say enough for
*&P\ \Y&%r w^ at your m e<iiciiie did for me." >'<\
/C0&K How nrs.Pinkhani Helped j
**£?*^J ; t . Fannie Kumpe.
- "Deab Mbs. Pinkham:— I feel itis mv duty to
write and tell you of the benefit I have derived from your advice and
the use of Lydia E. Pinkbam's Vegetable Compound. The pains
in my back and womb have all left me, and my menstrual trouble is
corrected. I am very thankful for the good advice you gave me, and I
shall recommend your medicine to all who suffer from female weakness."
— Miss Fannie Kumpe, 1922 Chester St, Little Rock, Ark. (Decs. 16, 1900.)
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will cure any
woman in the land who suffers from womb troubles, inflamma-
tion of the ovaries, kidney troubles, nervous excitability, nervous '
prostration, and all forms of woman's special ills. .^.^_,^-.
A-aaa po R F E I T i* *•« cannot forthwith produce tha original litttn tad lignatarM Of
\ H I I i I *!x>»« i..iin<Ani.ii_ which will proTc their absolnte genulnenoM.
VwUUU Ljr«l»» E. Piokbam M**. Co., l*T+a. Mjmw. i
jraday Surprise No. 1 6
¦'. ; .-, .'• . .-. ¦,' Prices for To-Day Only. ,
J^ $2.50GasHcalhlgStOVcSL75 There wffl be :
• As the first Friday Surprise Spe- •*e- kf l M:i *! % S T1<f ;
r "i7 ' cia * '" our new household depart- oOrneimng
g^y .fLl&jfc ment on the third floor, we have DoilK?"
iTVlifr selected a fine gas stove. It has
t! ''' 1 polished steel drum, aluminum fin- On all purchases
If ;. 1*1 * ish, cast iron base, top and urn. It made in our
Hi ii' e» ? as a S°°d burner and is ventilated —
11 UWil ot h to P ai }d bottom. This lit- OrOCCry
II ii' Jjl e stove is just the thing for sick I\ o «wii^mAn^
MiHm' =rf^ rooms, bathrooms, or to take the I'eparxmeJU
/ffl.£uq£ \ chill off your living rt| -m r T\^«»
room. It is well V I 7 K 1 O-DflV
' &r— . -^ft^» worth $2.50, but spe- Oil I J ,. ¦*;.•''-
cial for to-day only W " ' U | Wh Floor) .
India Linons. $1.50 Wrappers 95C fjfa
V We consider this ' <2d Floor) JiSL
offering the great- These Women's Flannelette tjfn&fe*
est ever made in Wrappers have been specially «4fcg/«K|V
this department reduced for this one day. They I^fyi'jIS
for a Friday Sur- are made of fine heavy grade ma-
prise. It is a terial, with a yoke and cape /ra^rtjT
real fine, sheer over the shoulder; . the collar, '/j$?&fij|w
srade of India yoke and cuffs are trimmed with "SgRlVyR
Linon. 3S inches braid. They are made extra full
•wide and pure and are in an unusually big as- ljsif/Tft
white, pink or light sortment of dark and medium fivJTrk
blue colors that colors; there are all sizes. The IjFwX^.
cells regularly at style of these Wrappers may be MW^^alL.
20c a yard, m seen in the illustration op- (\ p
but to-day is /[! posite. To-day the price nHl. 32^ffffitlra£r
special at. ... f U | is W W U
35cWater Pitcher |0c I Women's Vests and Pants
f(3d Floor) • These garments are
: Vnn ran »t anmA Mm made with a £006,
, i! # .^ heavy fleecing. They
of this Pitcher from the C ome in all sizes, and can
accompanying illustra- be had in either cream
tion. It is made of fine or gray colors. They
nre polished glass, beau- have always sold ftp
tifully clear and will hold at 35c. but to-day Ihn
one-half gallon. It has we offer them at AUU
been selected from . an ¦ ¦ sea—
Immense stock and will IT «?+«••» C«ven-iile
be on sale Friday only. JSfXlTa opeClOlS.
Because of its phenome- Talcum Powder — Lady
nal value and to arrange Jeannette's brand, He
no ¦ that all ¦ of our cus- a can.
tomers may secure one, witch Hazel — 32-oz. bot-
we will sell one IO_ tie — Dickinson's double
only to each pur- 1 1 IP distilled — worth 30c—
chaser. Sale price lUU to-day 2 8c
\Mj Al^VYS RELIABLE -/ •
1 yMARKEr^dONESSrs}\
ALL THE SHOPPING INDUCEMENTS THAT HAVE MADE
THIS STORE POPULAR ARE STILL HERE
Look Look Look
JZLi-Zi^. JL JlZSu jSA- JHj-^k- JL JuX/Jzi. JHi-4(iih- J- -CX/-CZL
. For those who didn't get' waited on the last two sale days. ; /i ' ¦?
Extra salesmen.on the floor Saturday, Monday and Tuesday — • ./w
SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS imfr^
PANTS, SHOES OR LADIES' SKIRT PATTERN '^|^^^
FREE. You get one FREE with our all-wool suits or fi^ggjgffif^
Overcoats made to order for . < "\ Cj VW! IY
MORE <Pl5«C>O , LESS J/iSi^^y^
Remember, you get a ladies' skirt pattern, shoes or a pair |y i^§igrjg2ai%^
of pants worth from $5.00 to. $7.50 for nothing with our $15-00 llwT^!l^r&fK&
all-wool Suit or Overcoat made to order. -\ : .\.:' v _A^^^^*^Hp^a < A
SALE FOR. 3 DAYS ONLY ?SZjjaBBL
Oct. 29th and 3 1 st and Nov. 1 st Wwm Wni
Positively pur last sale day this season. Take advantage " l KUJMRj|^^^^^®\
NEW BROWNS. A BIG LOT OF BROWNS, ;
Full Dress Suits and Tuexdo Suits all Silk Lined without fll^Sfc SP^^TOr
- extra charge during this sale. • ?' . ;. ¦ 1 , wit *nfc fcFflTL«#Hj\
Black goods,. Blue- goods or any kind of goods you want in wiillK CP
3-Button Cutaway Suits or Single-Breasted Prince Albert llfntT TTlO^m
Suits, DoublerBr'easted. Sacks, Evening Suits or Dress Suits - iffl *&Trv£^^
all go on sale for $1500; also Business. Suits. Come early "v^SP^W'r.
Out of town; customers can have their goods sent. .'. > ' Boi
SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS W
M lAno M ADVffT*CTD1TVT'% CAM VD-AMOIC^A .'•'^¦ivBIS^lH'
I 1054 WASHINGTON STREET OAKLAND *^ZS&^-•„ WIDOW IFILES- A-.CLAIM.— Lola* I. Single
ton • Wlndmlller^-yesterday;-; filed '-av complaint
aEking. the Probate -¦ Court to • establish hsr, as
the -: widow^'of i> H. j J.\>WlndjnlUer. .•- The : com
plalntt Is "directed, 1 against;; the ; helrs-at-law of
tho deceased 1 and she - lais : claim * to * the $9500
estate * now \ In * the ' hand* *. of .* former ' Public
Administrator . John \ Farcham. She : bases - her
ccntentlon*: upon f the ! provision - of ; the ? Arizona
law ;, that when two . persons live s together \ for
one -.- year J" they,' ¦ shall >_-be .«. considered J legaUy
married. ¦ . She t alleges a that '; she so . Itved '-- with
Wlndmlller.*' from .-, February;- 1900,''- until - the
tine \ of ? his ¦ death.'-— * • ~ - :^j" ~z*^ . - .: ~ _- •
SANTA.CRUZ, Oct. 27.— The Santa
Clara" football eleven and '. the : Santa
Cruz 5 High ¦ ¦ School^ team - me t ' on the
gridiron tthis I afternoon tin a great
game.* Neither^ side: scored^, ;
Exci tine Football at Santa Cruz.*
SIXTH 'RACE-^One, and three- sixteenth
miles rr. four-year-olds- and' up- - "¦ "! xleenui
Betting. Horse, Weight,- Jockey. St. «i' ' Fin :
6 to 2-G. Vivian. 100 <W.Blke) 1 ' 2 8 11
7 to 2 — Guadalquiver.- 05 (Lee). 8 3 1 9 1
12^? i-W""*?^ «.l«><W.A8tn) 5 -4 3 1}
j Time. 1 2 :03>4.» •- Start good. . Won - easilv
Winner. , Gr-R.T and • A. E. Flower's ch r - Jm
by Bootmaker- Pearlcle/- Hucena 100. Murmur
100. Blrdwood 100. > Dr. " Rlley , 100 Jake w«kJ?
100.- Secundus 100.J Bell Bernard 100 Harrt v
100/ finlehed as named. ; - - . ,i ' ¦ a "T K
FIFTH RACE— One mile and seventy "yards:
three-year:olds and up: '¦ '• A.-.- 1
Betting. Horse; Weight. Jockey. St. *i rFin.
3 to 1— Mafalda, 97 (D. Auttin). 2 2U 1 h
4 to 1— Ingolthrift.. 91 (Loague). 5 1 1U2 3
9 t £ 2 ~ T Vr«E D "-o 102 (McMIIen) 3 63 stj
Time. 1:46H. Start good. Won '. driving.
W Inner. T p. Hayes' b. f . (3) « by Russell
t^ToW; m '*~ a f »P5 y 107 - Mies^Betty" 93.
Light Optra »4, finished as named %2 -
I * First ; race, . five : and : a hal f , furlongs—Min
danao ¦ won. - Canohlcus * second, * February " Blue
third. '¦ Tlme,;l:O8V4. •-- .- - ; *-^- : * - -,i
-• Second : race. : four and a half furlonza— Lydla
Wrousman won, ; Blaze Vail second, Miss Kln
sey. third.v Tim«,v:55»4: ¦. ' >-•: ,--
Third; race.- one f and ¦ a sixteenth. mlle»-^
Baikal won. May, Holllday , second.- Hang.Wag"
ner third. Time; ,1 :47 Vi. I St.'V Tammany • fin
ished ", second," but '. was disqualified. :'. v - '
"• Fourth i race. s one '- mlIe-^No*fei : won, • Wllllaai
Wright second,; EM, Ball third.T.Tlme,'l:39«." „:
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Precious
Stone = won. VW. » R.'- Condon • second," Americano
third.': Time.M'.Oeu. ¦ ,.-;. -. : , ..-.;» - ¦-..-¦""- .-,
V Sixth ; race,-* five < furlongs — A dare ; won. ; Lau
retta secondr Harvester II third.? Time,-. 1:00%."
, KANSAS CITY.' Oct/ 27.— Elm ; Ridgs racing
results:: ¦'.,' ...r -- .;. .;'r : }'-;-- ••• ; -•- ; ¦ : A
Precious Stone Beats Americano.
BOSTON,-, Oct." 2 7.frln the • same au
tomobile touring car_in .which he rode
from "Sam Francisco^tb; New .York* last
December, ; L. L». -Whitman V; of :¦ Pasa-*
dena ; passed.- through ; Boston >. to-day
on !i his •; return r from a . hunting -.{trip
around ithe; Rangeley -'Lakes.":;" Several
week3 -ago vthe - long distance '"autoist
went; from v Syracuse, to* Errol, N.vH..
where; he -left "his: car : and '¦ proceeded
by :, canoe '< miles/, through -' UmJ
bagog?Lake!in the " Rangeley? country.
He^Btarted'? this- afternoon Ton>his.re
turn by auto to his far Western home.
Fojr Prevents Baseball Game.
u SEATTLE, -Oct. 2 7. ; •¦ _~ Seattle-San
Francisco game postponed oh .'account
ot tog. '.:¦„.'.: -...;¦' ¦ V'>? ¦¦ - ¦;..-¦<•:
Special' Dispatch. to The Call
CINCINNATI. '¦ Oct. '27.— Latonla racing
summary '•¦'¦', \ , ' ' . ' ";
/First race, six furlongs— Vejtry . won. Glad
Smile' ' second, -Determination -third. . Time
1:1414.*' . ¦,.->'• -¦ ¦-,-¦:-.¦¦-¦ . :• ' ¦ .. Z
Second • race, . five furlongs — Frances : i Dillon
won. Conjurer, second," Juchltan 'third. "Time.
¦l:Ci»4.-; ;..-.:-- ..- '" . - - ~ ..s-e- '- - ~. .-¦ ,-
Third race, one and a sixteenth , miles— Idle
won, D. L. " Moore: second; ';Benckart third."
Tlme;a:47«i^..V ;,.:.--
Fourth race. „ seven and a J hn.lt furlongs—
Woodla wn Belle . won," Florence " Fonso second "
Kachael , Ward : third. ...Time, 1 :Z5%. i ; - \
'-Fifth race. . one ..- mile— Requiter won ' Major
*T." J. Carson second," Miss ¦ Doyle » third: ' Time " :
¦f:403i. :.,/,;.- =;_ ;--'/,•;¦-¦ :.-• -" '¦ -. -.: :- -¦:-¦:-'
Sixth race,* five and a half , furlongs — Ram's
Horn : won, • Piker: Clerk : second, 'Dr. Kenny
third. Time.: l:0S3i.-- ;
Lntonla ' Racine Restilts^
FOURTH RACE— Six. furlongs; -.handicap;
three-yearrolds and up:.- • ° "¦-: , -
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey; St. «i Fin.
7 to 2— Aden.-126:(McMillen).-..'4 15.1 5 .
12tol— Oudon. 92 (Williams)... 1,2 12 2'
3tol— F. Bergcres. 103 (McLgn) 6 3 1 '3 1
Time. 1:40%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W..-D. Stringer's b. h. (5) by Athel
;^5* UIele - ' Icewater - 11 V Lasso 100 Maleter
107. Blytbness 05. . MatUe H 98, finished as
Whitman -Starts
On Return Trip
Time. 1:22. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. . J. A. Johnson's br. f/ (3), • by Orna
ment-Semper Vi\-ant. Hazel H 100. Maid of
the Order 95, • Ray 105, Gerda 105, . finished as
named. ; : • l
THIRD RACE — Three-year-olds and up; six
and a naif furlongs: -. ¦ .-".. :
Bettins- Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin. "
2 to 1— Alwyn Faithful. 100 (Rice) 2 13 Ml>4
» to 1 — Vlneland. 100 (McLghln) 6 4 2 2 1
7 to 1— Or* Z, 100 (Dickson)... . 4 5 1 3h
FRIEND, Neb., Oct. 27. — Fifty fast
greyhounds are entered in the Water
loo cup, the first rounds of which
•were run to-day at the Friend Cours
ing Park after a two dayis' adjourn
ment. ¦ The weather was perfect and
the hares fasL. To-day's winners
were: /
Waterloo cup. first round — Uarvt* Clair beat
Green RJ*-er; Lady Allen beat North Star-
Colonial Girl beat Red Raven; Money or Mar-'
bles heat Graceful Carmen; Pete Bushman
beat Northern Lights; Peerless - Beauty be&t
Mitsile; Queen - Buehm&n beat Kins Bee; Un
«]rrtaker Lane beat Northern Express.
Waterloo plate, first round winners — Stylish
Lady. Finest Evfr. Patched • Us. Lord Bluff.
Kokomo, Celtic. . Pathfinder. Lucy Clatr, Lady
Lismore. Keely** Malt. Sir Peter, Firewater,
Winston. Lancashire Lad," Famous Fawcett.
Second round — Stylish Lady. .Patched tin
Pathfinder. Celtic Keeiys MaJt, Sir Peter.
Winston. Famous Fawcett.
Greyhounds Start in AVaterloo.
- Sixth . race," mile and ': seventy f yards, .-selling
— Turrando : 103.^ Tom Manklns 105, i Keogh ' 105,
Bradley Bill 100, -Lyrist 100. "Tattenham 100.
Lemon Girl- 100. Sam. Stevens: 95. Bill Rye 95,
Bountiful 95, Easter Walters 90, Lookaway 90.
FJf th race, seven -'- furlongs, . selling — Frank
Rlce^ 108. Tommy •• Knight ¦ 108 t St. f Daniel . 108,
Ladaa 110. > Imbodeifr 103. - Missile ».: 103, -John
Doyle 103, " Pompey * 100, King Fox II 100,
Madoc 95, Flagstaff 9S. .. ' »
Second race, one and a 'sixteenth miles, sell
in — Joe Lesser 108. Pierce J 107,*» Judge Can
trll .104, Sister Lillian . 104, : Guadalqulver 104,
Leenja "104, Mint Bed 102, Second Mate 102,
Kingstelle 09, Sanctissima 99, Drummond 99,
Tangible 09.
B Third race,' five and . a half furlongs, selling
—Bessie Me 105, Clara Dee 105. . Kathryn L
100. . Annisquam 100.; Edith Vice 100, Ollie
Burnett 100. ' -. , "
- Fourth race, ¦ six and a hair furlongs, purse
— Byron Rose 107. Malster 107. Felix Mozze
105. Gay Uzzette 102, Anne Davis 102, Pinochle
100. Blytlieness 92. .t : • .. -•«-.• f
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Mamls Lynch 100, Dorothy Dodd 95, Betty Gold
95, Ethel's Pride 95, Makalna .05. Flying | Fire
A5, Lady Sellers 95. Aspatia 90, :. Telephone
Bell-j 90. Stella M 90 " • . *
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 27.— -The entries for
to-morrow's races % at Delmar track
follow: . ;
DELMAR 'ENTRIES.
Ihcrs: Has Nothing.:. While Newton Is
i Kine of the Field. ...
PORTLAND, Oct. 27.7— Two home
runs, 'two smashes, 'good for '. extra
bases, and nine singles were what the
Loo Loos, did to-day toV the .Orphans!
Newton's curves were puzzling, while
Ham Iberg was hit r freely. Fast field
ing for six innings prevented slaughter,
but in.th« seventh Spencer erred and
the team seemed to go to . pieces and
then Bernard knocked the ball over the
right field fence. Misplays of all kinds
followed,*, eight in all being 'made, and
the score which at the seventh . had
stood ' two runs 'for .,Los- Angeles,
mounted steadily higher.. The score: -
, Portland— I Los Angeles— ,:
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. PA.
)renen.cf 4, 0 .1 1 0 Bernrd.cf 6 2 2 3 0
Hollnd.rt 4. 0 1 0 OJFlood. 2b 5 1 1 :3 '.2
Nadau.lf 4 0 .. 1 2 ; 1 ; Smith. 3b 4 2 ',.-. 1 0 ,' 1
Beck. 3b 4. 0 110 Cravth.rf 3 2 3 2 0
Runkle.ss 4 0 2 3 1 Chase, lb 2 1 1' 6 »
8pencr,2b3 0 15 0 Toman.ss 4 "0 0 2. 3^
Steelmn,c.4 0.1 5 3 Ross. . If 4 1.2 2.0
Davis, lb 3 0 0 10 2 Spies, c 5 1 2 9 1
-Iberg, <P.'3. 0 0 : 0 c 5 N-ewton.p 4 0 1 0 1
Totals 33 0.-..8 27 \8 Totals 37-10.13 27 10
. RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS." .
Portland ..I'..... 0 0 0 0.0 0 0 0 0—6
Base hits...... 2^0 0 2- 0 0 • I ,1 "2— 8
Los Angeles...... 0 0*00115 3 0—10
Base hits. .... . 1 ' 1 =1 2 2 1 . 2 ' ¦ 2 ' 1—13
. SUMMARY.
s Errors— Holland, Beck," Runkle. Spencer : (2),
Steelman. :I>avis, Iberg. -Earned 'runs — Los
Angeles 2. Stolen bases — Toman '(2). •'Spies,
Chase, Bernard. Bans on balls— Off. Iberg 6,
off .Newton 2. :: Struck out— By Iberg;: 3, by
Newton 7. Two-base " hits — Nadeau,- Chase,
Ross. *; Home runs— Bernard, ; Cravath. ?. Left on
bases— Portland 9, ; Los Angeles 9. Sacrifice
hits — Chase, ; Cravath; - Newton. ". First -.base on
errors— Lob Ang«les 4. Time of game— One
hour, and fifty minutes. " Umpire — Brown.'
ANGEI.S SLAUGHTER BROWNS.
SECOND RACE— Two-year-olds; five and a
half furlongs: - .• . . , •• ¦
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Wakeful. 95 (Rice) 3 6 2 12
6 to 1— Ollie Brnett.lOO(McMllln) 6 i 4 2 2 1
2 to 1— Argosy, 98 (D. Austin) .. 1 2n 3n
Time. l:0S*4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner J. 8. Bratton's b.~ f., by Russell-
Turtle Dove. McJetta 95. • Voltage 95, Annis
quam 95,. Clara Dee 100. Esther Goodrich 93.
Cotta Stone. 93, Edith Vice 93, Gasconne OS,
finished as named. - .".•>-.<
Gallops Over a Field of Sprinters. at
Dclmar. in Fast Time.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. .27.— Aden, carry
ing 126 pounds, clipped half a second
off the Delmar track record to-day
for three-quarters of a mile when he
galloped home in front of a fine field
of sprinters. ; Aden v was simply gal
loping all the way. Favorites and
second choices broke even on the af
ternoon. The weather was clear and
the track fast. Attendance 4000.
FIRST RACE! — Three-year-olds; b!x and a
half furlongs:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Dusky Secret. 95 (Lee).. 3 3 1 1 1J4
2 to 1— Flori. 100 (Cheatham)... 5 6 2 2 1
4 to 1— Fanette, 95 (McLaughlin) 1 2 n 3 1
Time. 1:23H. SUrt good. - Won easily.
Winner. R. W. Marks & Co.'s b. m., by
Horoscope or Handspring-Dusky. • Coreen 105,"
Bisuka 105. Magbonl 105, Birdie Stone 100,
Rejoice 105, . finished as named.
TRACK RECORD FOR ADEN.
Reserve stake. 48 entries — Fiddler vs. Blue
Cr air. Piker vs. Maid of the Glen, Bob R
vk. Modest Beauty, Little Freda vs. Frisco
Lad. Mount Eagle vs. Maid of Mercy, . Fair
Klylng vs. Limerick Boy. Forest Fire vs.
Belvedere. Golden Feather vs. Hunter Ralne.
Reckless Rose v«. General Dewet, Pure Pearl
vs. Mark Twain. Concord Boy vs. Joe" HiK,
Young Kerry Pippin v«. Helen Hayes, Ltly
"Wright vs. Thetis, . Fortuna Angel vs. Gold
Lily. £>lfaft vs. Paul Dunbar. Capital Lady
ve. Crolx D, Smiler vs. Good as Gold, General
Fremont vs. Don Pedro. Dartaway vs. Aeolufc,
Sky Van ve. Cascade," Agitator vs. Royal
Spirit. Butte City vs. Rocklln Boy, Commer
cial Traveler vs. Pepper Jack. Lady Menlo ve.
Pory Capital.
Hayes Cup Stake. 4« entries — Vandal vs.
Aeordh. Lucy Clair vs. Young Fearless; Clover
Blossom vs. Picadilly, Frank Dunn vs. Rusty
Anchoi. 'Freeport vs. Gold Chain, Doc Burns
ve. Colored Lady. Full Moon v«. Galveston,
Shotgun x*. Queen's motto. Honest John vs.
Apple Blossom. lone Hill vs. Princess Savoy,
iJed^a vs. Little Plunger. Vina vs. Real Duch
«*». Glaucue vs. Orsina. Tom Hurlick vs. Car
low Boy. Ouida v«. Frisky Barbara. Eagle
Bird vs. Loretta. Lost Chord v«. Highborn.
Icellus v*. Lucky Shamrock, Agile Spurt vs
Cubanola. Pasha Pleasant vs. Jipamaroo. Fret-
Vt vs. Frank C. Royal Friend vs. Conroy.
Bright Columbia vs. May Tunlfon. Frisky Boy
vs. Sacramento Bov.
The Hayes cup, donated by E. A.
Hayes, candidate for Congress in the
Fifth District, will be the. main event
at Ingleside Coursing Park , on Sun
day. The regular reserve stake will
l«e run down to-morrow and may be
completed. The Hayes cup stake will
be run on Sunday only and a large
number of likely hounds are carded
to run. Following is the result of
last night's draw:
SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; three
year-olds and upward:
Betting. Hors*. Weight. Jockey, 8L «¦« Fin.
3 to 2— MadMullah. 102 (Treubl) 2 11 13
14 to 5— BrdNew. 102 (Mclntyre) 6 - 4 2 2 h
7 to 1— M?lBterslnger.lC9 (Kunz). I 3 1 3h
Time 1:40 3-5. . SUrt good. . Won easily.
Winner J. A. . Wernberg'9 b. jr. (3) by Dono
van-La Belle III. Clausus 104, 101,
Merry Pioneer 107. Voila J*. Careless 99, Sil
ver Meade 1C2, flnlehed as named.
Hayes Cup Draws
the Fast Hounds
Sixth, race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell-
Ing — Docile 95. Silvermeade 98, i Lampoon-. 102.'
Rabunta. 102. Hot 102, Royal Pirate 102, Arab
104, Barkelmore - 105. Chanterelle 107, Gllfain
107, Bluemint 107, Mr. Farnum 107.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, purse — Gus
Heirtorn 101, Harney 106, Floral" King 111. Big
Ben 123. ;¦
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles sell-
Ing — Aggie Lewis 100. Falemian 102, Dutiful
102, Columbia Girl 102, Carat 103. .Ethylene
104," Dr. Stephens 107, Glorlosa 108, Celebra
tion 110. , . '
Second race, five and a half furlongs. purse-
Ethel Barrymore 108, Jolly Witch 108, Miss
Gunn 108. Odelot 108, Dixie Andrews 108, In
trigue 108. Sparkling 104. Ravlana 118 La
Sagitte 116. Simplicity 116. '
Third race, one mile, selling— Chockayotte
104. fct. Merrylegs 104. Rowland M 107. Martlus
107. Foxmead 108. Cohasset 109, Four Leaf C
110. Jingler 110, Zyra 110, O'Hagen 110, Ernest
Parham 113, Ethel Scruggs 113, Satnelson 113.
Mamselle 115. Jim Hale 119, Tam O'Shanter
123. .,¦%..¦¦-;.¦¦ -V'-i" -.. :•¦¦-...
e.^" 1 ","•«'* furlongs, purse— Trovator 99,
St. Blue 99, Lucy E S 99, Fly Lady 99, Frlend
,£" M L r .1 n DaIe "• Rlan 1<M . Trossachs
104. Polk Millfr 104, Nannan 104, Bell* Dod
son 104, Lady Belair 104, Serenity 104, Heritage
107. Armorer 107, Honest John 112.
CHICAGO. Oct. 27. — The entries for
to-morrcw's races at Worth track fol
low:
Britt is gradually cutting down his
road work and yesterday his tramp on
the highways with "Tiv" Krelinsr In
the morning- was but four miles. In
the atternoon Jimmy went Into his
gymnasium and hustled .the burly Ra
fael around for twenty minutes. Then
he took a turn -tossing the medicine
ball, punching the bag. . skipping the
rope and shadow sparring. After be
ing rubbed down the fighter moved
the scales beam at 134 % pounds.
Among the visitors to Croir-s Gar
dens yesterday to observe Jimmy go
through his exercising wereHerschel
Mayall and George Webster of the
Central Theater. Charley Reno, who
returned recently from Seattle, added
his name to the camp staff roll yes
terday, and to-day Spider Kelly is ex
pected to register. %*.-
Jimmy Britt'has selected the sec
onds who rvi!I be behind him next
Monday night when he steps into the
ring to do battle with Champion Joe
Gans. They are the foxy Spider
Kelly. Charley Reno. Frank Rafael
and "Smiling" Metzner. These same
advisers have assisted Jimmy In for
mer contests and are thoroughly fa
miliar with-hl3 stamina and tactics.
Foxy Qnlllcr Spider Kelly Will Direct
Callfornian's' FighUns.
WORTH ENTRIES.
Time. 1:11 4-5. Start Rood. Won driving.
Winner W. XV. Darden'a ch. c. (2) by Pirate
of Penrance-Kate Pelletier. Don Domo 100,
Olympian 103, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE; — Six furlongs; purse; all ages
Betting, Horse. Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
3 to 2—1. the Terrible 92 (Lan) 3 2 3 lh
2 to 1— GId Enamel. $6 (Aubcn) 4 1 H 2 10
10 to 5— GoldRule, 100 (Robblns) 1 3 2 3 2
"Kid" or make it all road work. Frank
McDonald, the trainer, who looks
enough like Tim McGrath to deceive all
Kliis-strcet. lets Joe have his own way
once in a while. - ~ -
— •: ;
CKJTT NAMES HIS SECONDS.
When, the • Baltimorean.. stripped- for
the photographer- he. looked .lean and
spare 1 as. a-' country restaurant's" rib
steak.- /.'An '/ounce | of fat '- couldn't i be
While Graney was pouring his musi
cal conversation into the afternoon air
Gans loomed up on a steady jog ; trot.
The I hone§t", blacksmith rose f rom ¦ his
seat- and assumed the ' "Welcome to
California" pose.- He and.the Balti
morean clasped • mitts like long' lost
brothers. -In the Deace and quiet of the^
villa the . big confab ¦ came off. f _
., ,"In" a; fight of .this kind, the colored
man is liable to get the .worst of the de
cision,"-remarked Gans. |
"If you don't want me for referee just
say so, * Joe, '.V replied Graney. "There
is time • for me to quit." . 7:
'*" -"I'm. satisfied ; with you,'' said Gans.
"You have ' ref ereed v two fights f or " me
and Ihave.no kick coming."
"About " the i clinches . and break
aways?'/ * questioned \ Graney.
; ."I'll i protect ¦ myself at all times,"
said Gans. the. kind of fight I
like.!*' L- 7 : -- ' '•'.¦. ¦ .- . - .... - - .
There were no brass bands -playing
"HaiKHail, the King Has Came" when
Rddie arrived. ' Gans was out explor
ing ten • miles • tof Marin County • pike
and all T was quiet around Shannon's
villa, except for a slight restlessness of
the contents -of the kegs. Suddenly a
still, small voice piped up, "Here comes
Young -Corbett. ".¦¦¦' ' > , - . • . -,
Shannon's dog woke,' up , and com
menced 1 to. bark.' Up the pike ambled
Eddie • Graney .: and Jack Grant, y Al
Herford ¦ arose from | his ; seat on the
waters trough, and extended the glad
mitt of welcome. The still, small -voice
that heralded the coming of Young Cor
bett said, "Oh. fudge," and faded.'
: Graney. deposited himself into an
armchair "and "commenced to pour out
reminiscences." "Once upon a time," he
began," "you see it was this-way." And
Al Herford listened* till, his "ears -began
to stretch.- ¦ : •; v
Eddie Graney, the honest blacksmith
and' second" cou/in to the sister's aunt
of the village" blacksmith who stood
under the spreading chestnut .tree, vis
ited • Joe ¦ Gans' quarters yesterday at
Shannon's villa; - He -was accompanied
by:one v Jack Grant, regarding. whom
the Brltt Bros! & Co.'have nothing but
unparliamentary Tremarks to make.
."While Gans did not box at all yester
day, there is no telling. what he will do
to-day. He. may mix it gently with the
found on him with a search warrant |
and a Dosse. I
'.There is an air of seriousness over the j
henchmen of the Gans camp. Even a
brand new Jest telegraphed ahcati of an }
Orpheum monologist did not . draw a '
smile. "Will Gans make the weight?"!
Is -the question that makes his adher- j
ents look sober. Even the genial Al |
Herford looks as though he had under
taken something that was not as easy !
as rolling* off a log. • ,
There is a decided feeling that Gans)
may not be able to • make the* required i
weight. His weight yesterday j wan j
given out as being 136% pounds. If this |
is correct it is difficult to see where the
extra • pounds can be taken off, as the
Baltimoreman is finely drawn already.!
Referee Graney has announced that if
Gans is overweight andBritt agrees to
fight, he -will call all bets off. as many
people will bet on Brltt because of the •
weight handicap. The referee says it j
would not be fair to them to let Gans
come In at 135 pounds.
Gans did not use his cozy little "gym",
at Shannon's at all .yesterday. He did
two ten-mile stunts along the highways
and byways with the patient "Kid"
Sullivan,' At both stunts the "Kid" was
a rank outsider, .finishing after Gans
had changed his wardrobe.
Sullivan's ' face • is ¦ pretty,; well nicked
up from gentle taps showered upon it
by Cans. .The Baltimorean is getting
ready to disturb classical contour !
of one Brltt, and sometimes forgets that |
the "Kid" is only a substitute.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
purse; three-ye»r-old«i and up: '
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %, Fin.
7 to 2"— Dol. Spanker.115 (Rdfn) 2 2 11
32 to 5 — Orm. Right. lOS <L>"ne) 1 1 l^I
Time. 1:46. Start good. Won easily. Wln
rer. R. T. Wilson Jr.'« b. g. by Kingston-
Lady Gay, .Two 6tarters.
Time. 1 :40 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. P. Harlan's ch. f. (4) by Pirate
of Penzance-Belle Swift. Spencerian 100, Glori
osa 99, finished as named. .-. . ~;i
FOURTH .RACE — One mile; handicap; all
aces:
Betting, Horse. Weight, Jockey, St. *« Fin.
13 to 5 — L Jocelyn, 105 (Romnlll) 3 2 3 In
3 to 1 — Sir Brillar, 95 (Kunz).. 5 13 2n
17 to 1— Hutzah. 98 (Mclntyre). 4 5 1 3 4
REFEREE EDDIE GRANEY ANDyCHAM PION JOE GANS EXCHANGING GREETINGS -YESTERDAY AT THE LATTER'S
TRAINING QUARTERS IN MARIN COUNTY. WHERE- GRANEY WENT TO DISCUSS THE RULES UNDER WHICH THE
¦"•"> BATTLE-WILL BE FOUGHT, ON MONDAY NIGHT IN MECHANICS' PAVnLION.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
selling; t«'o-yar-clds:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
P to 1— Kit Platt 104 (Crimmns) 6 6 2 1 h
7 to 1— Danseuee 98 <Sper!ing).. 1 1 •« 2 1*%
2 to 1— Niblick 101 (Travers)... 5 3 % 3 h
Time, 1:0*. Start bad. Won driving. Wln
rer J. O. Holder's bay filly by Long FliKht-
Kathlren. Confessor. Dazzle, Priority. Flln
«Jert< Belle Sauvage. Clover Hampton. High
born. Merces. Port Arthur. Cnc&c, finished as
cuned. ¦ ¦=¦ \~?., ',
Time,- 1 :64 2-5. Start good. , Won driving.
Winner, S. C Hildreth' s b. f. (4) by Charaxus-
Nlola. Sarilla 99. Swiffwlng 111, La Chaperone
91, Anr.ora J 95. Docile 95, Excentral 103.
finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One and an eighth miles
polling; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Hors», Weight. Jockey. , St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Niaxus, KiJ (Helgeson).. 0 3 nk 1 h
7 to 100 (Aubuchon) 3 1 h 2 3
25 to 1— Bard of Avon.101 (Jenk) 7 6 1 3 1
FOirRTH RACE— Six furlongs; The Ravens
wood handicap; three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse AVeigbt. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
12 to 1— Fetch Plume.ftO (Ohlndt) 7 5 »j 1 n
4 to 1 — Ham. Belle. 1=7 iLyne). 3 1^23
10 to 1— Col. Jessup. 115 <O-Neil) 5 3^3 3^4
— Time 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. K. Seagram's ch. fllly by Knight of
the Tbistle-Coruna. RapW Water, Goid Saint.
Raw King, Mineola. Grenade. flnish«J as
earned. ,
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds—Belle of Manhattan 109. Long Days
1C9. Small Lady 103, Istrla 109. Linda Rosa
109. Raiment 109, Cat 109, Sheen 109.
Nellie Russell 109. Witch Hazel 109. Opeltka
Lee 109, Novena 109, Ismallan 109, My Buela
1C9. Apple Blossom 109, Mettle 109
Sixth race, one and an. eighth miles, han-
i ic ?Sr~ S T ldn ? y % k^' 116 ' Grenade 126, Jamea
Li i # iiV U d Era \ 119 -, Dalesman 110, Sonoma
Belle 118. Proceeds 105, Ascetic 102, Bruns
wick 100..
Fourth race, the Sayvllle Stakes, one and
a sixteenth miles— Dick Bernard 106, Garnish
101. Seymour 98, Canteen 98, Ascetic 96, Cham
plain »6. Palette 03.
Third , race, six furlongs, : selling two-year
?J dl< r7 F ,^ y 107 ' D 'ArkIe 107. Juvenaga .104.
Dr-jld 104. Ike S 102, Oro 102. Sufferance 101.
Rvcreo 100, Ivanhoe 98, Calmness 96. Maasa
»6, Fancy Dress 95. Belle Dixon 95. Winches
ter 94, Dance Music 90.
First race, six furlongs, selling— Young Hen
ry 124, Gay Boy 118, New York 108, Astarita
107. Pat Bulger 1W Mimosa 105. Dick Ber*
nard 105, Counterpoise 104, Bonn«r 100, Fal
mouth 100. Right and True 100. Orlskany 98.
Old England 95. Blue and Orange 95.
Second race, one and a sixteenth mile*,
selling— Damon 111, The Huguenot 108, Red
Knight 106, Charles Elwood 10tt -Irish Witch
105, Prince Chlng 105. . Ocean Tide 103. Wi
dow's Mite 103, Consideration 103. Homestead
101. St. ' Valentine 10S. Prince Salm Salm 9S.
Tide 05, Toi San 95, Bullflnch 90.
NEW YORK, Oct 27.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at Jamaica track
follow: * i~;*-
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; purse; two
year-olds:
Betting. Hors*. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
S to 1— Lcglstella. 104 (Wilson).. 3 4 1%1 4
13 to 1 — Dr. Leggo. 107 (Bonner) .8 8 4 2 nk
7 to 1 — Simplicity. 117 (Mclntj're) 4 2 \i 3 h
Time. - 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, S. C. HUdreth's ch. f. by Locohatchee-
Ssarg. Flaxman 115, Mon Amour 104, Midge
104. Scotch Irish 107. Broadway Girl 104. Ross
bourae 100. 1'latoon 104, Bradwarlin 97, Down
patrlck 100. Hchnhorst 99, Kenton 100, finished
as named.
JA3IAICA ENTRIES.
SECOND RACE — One and a quarter miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *» Fin.
5 to &— The Southerner, 1O8 <HUd) 3 2 1%1 1
6 to 1— Midshipman. 03 tCrirnJna) 2 3 h 2 h
7 to 1— Gravina, 103 (Schilling).. 5 1 1 -3 h
Time 2:08 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner M. Corbetfe br. c. by The Commoner-
Vie. Clovcrland. Brigand, Bar !e Due, fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles:
purite: maidens; two-ye*r-clds and upward:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 1—Whlc*" Ghost. 107 fMartn) 3 3 3 1 h
14 to 5— Tcm Lawson.107 (Hlldbd) 5 5 1 2H
80tol— Sir Ship. 107 (Sperling).. 7 4 U. 3 1
Time 1 :VJ 4-5. St^.rt fair. Wen driving.
Winner. J. Robinson's b. r. by Long Light-
Hoyden. R#>vane, Spring Silk. Bouvier. Sllver-
Xcct. Xuit Blanche, Rudabck. Stepaway. Ke
«ju:cm. Fortune Hunter, finished as named.
First race— Dorothy Dodd. Ethel's
Pride, Telephone Belle.
Second race — Joe Lesser, Mint Bed,
KiiiRstelle.
Third race — Ollie Burnett/Bessie
Me, Annisquam. . ' •
Fourth race- — Gay Uzette, Anne Da
vis, Felix aiorzcs. - \%'i
Fifth race — Tommy Kniffht, St. Dan
iel, Frank Rice.
Sixth race — Tattenham, Lemon Girl,
Tom Mankins.
Condition of the track— Fast.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Trossachs, Lucy E. S. v ,
Rian.
'Second race— Ethel Barrymore,
Simplicity, Sparkling. •
Tliird race — Foxmcad,' Jingler, Four
Leaf C. . .
Fourth I 1 race— Celebration, Dutiful,
Aggie Iiewis.
Fifth race — Gus Heidorn, Big Ben,
Floral Kins.
Sixth race— Gllfain, Barkelmore,
Arab.
Condition of the track— Fast, v
WORTH SEI/ECTTONS.
Of course, the game was one full of
life, strife and action. Both Fitzgerald
and Schmidt were on their mettle and
pitched a* quality of. ball that would go
in- the big league." Fitz had his* game
already signed up and ready for/deliv
ery when Truck Easran erred with a
full house, giving, the Commuters a
starts ¦: ... :'"¦¦'¦'. •:>';-¦:.••¦, ; -.-•"-•. ¦ ¦
With one down in the tenth, Schmidt
slammed the sphere to ' Eagan, who
made a spectacular stop j^nd then erred
on his throw to Nordyke. Ganley died
easily, but' Francka tapped out a safe
one to center,' while , Dunleavy popped
a meek little • fly ," into the*-, diamond,
which both Fitzgerald and Sheehan
overlooked. Schlafley was at bat, and
Oakland might- have broken up the
game had Dunleavy roused himself be
fore Graham whipped the ball to. first,
catching him a foot off the bag. ' ~
Captain Graham ¦ announced that', he
played the game ~x under protest He
was at bat in the ninth and McLaugh
lin rested on second. Schmidt had al
ready, thrown two strikes over the pan.
Graham deliberately stepped out of his
box and Into the next ball:- pitched.
McLaughlin • went down to third, but
the umpire ordered him back. Then the
stars gathered around the indicator
man and proceeded to discuss the ques
tion. The "umpire stuck by his decision
and Graham protested the game.'
The Tigers were the first to get a man
over the pan. Sheehan led off in the
seventh with a smash to. center, and
Nordyke put him down. Eagan shot a
hot one over third. Devereaux blocked
it, holding Sheehan on the base!? Lynch
kicked a fast one through the - infield
and it put' Sheehan over the, jumps.
, The ¦; Commuters squeezed -.theirs
through in. the eighth. Devereaux was
passed,, but Byrnes .forced him. Jimmy
pilfered second, and Ganley nearly,took
Delmas off his pins with a hard drive.
Fitzgerald walked Francks : purposely,
and Dunleavy smashed ' a hard' one to
Eagan. , Truck booted the ball around
the loutlll Byrnes sneaked in with the
run. The score:
Oakland— - Tacoma—
AB. R. H. P.A. KB. R. H. P.A.
Ganley.rf 8 0 2 10 Doyle,rf.'4 0 0 2 0
Frncks.ss 4 0 ; 1 0 4 Shehn,3b 4 1 2 3 '2
Dunlvy.lf 5 0 1 3 0 Xrdke.lb. 3 0 0 10 0
SchMy.2b 3 0 0 I 4 Eagan. ss 4 0 3 2 4
Krugr.cf. 3 O.O.I 0 Lynch.cf. 3 0 1 2 0
Btrelb.lb. 3 0 0 12 1 MLghn.lf 4 0 1 3 0
Devrx.3b. 3 ' 0 0 1 3 Dlmas,2b 3- 0 ,0-5 2
Byrnea,c 4 10 9 2 Grham.c 4' 0 0 3 3
Schmdt.p 4 0 12 2 Ftzgrkt.p 4 -0 0 0* 3
Totals. 34 1 5 30 16 Totals. 33 1--7 30 14
.RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. >
Tacoma ..:0.0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0—1
Base hits. ... .0 0 0 2 0 0 3 0 1 1—7
Oakland .......0 Q 0 0 0 0 0 10 0—1
Base hits 0 O 2 0 0 0 0 10 2—5
, , . : '.. SUMMARY..
/.. Stolen ba se.s — Eagan, Byrnes. Ganley.' Er
rors — Eagan (2), Sheehan. Nordyke. -Sacrifice
hits— Kruger, Nordyke, * Delmas. First • base
on errors — Oakland I 3. --First - base on called
balls — Oft Schmidt 1, off Fitzgerald : 4. , Left
on bases — Oakland 7. Taccma 3. Struck out —
By Schmidt 6. by Fitzgerald 3. Double play
— Eagan to Delmas to Nordyke. '. ' Wild, pltch--
Schmldt. Time of game — 1:50. Umplre-r-
Perine.
"When . the , shades'- of night : began ' to
come down in hurry up time on Recrea
tion Park yesterday the Commuters had
one of their number, ornamenting : each
and ; every bag.; Mr.' Schlafley • held the
bat and :two had already "been : called
out. Suddenly Mr;^ Graham: winged the
ball to : first just . : in ; time . to catch >Mr/
Dunleavy. taking his beauty siesta: The
umpire then called the game, for night
was already at hand. Score! 1 to 1 (ten
innings):
_ \-.WV\,L. Pct.f -W.-I*.Fct.
Tacoma .. .60 '32 ..-.mo Oakland ..42 ,40 -.812
Los Ang. .-42 . 36 ; .B3S San Fran. .36 ; 45 .444
Seattle ...44 40 .C2t (Portland -..31 61 .378
STANDING OFTTHB' CLUBS.
JAMAICA, Oct. 27.— Were it not for
the caution of the forty-odd bookmak
ers now doing business in the "big ring"
at Jamaica racecourse a "killing 1 .* of
large proportions would have been
made to-day when the Canadian turf
man. Joseph E. Seagram, won the Rav
enswood handicap, the fourth race on
the card, with Scotch Plume. As it- was,
however, many thousands of dollars
were taken out of the ring. Had Sea
gram been present a great deal more
money would have been won over
Scotch Plume's victors'. "With Hamburg
Belle. Grenade, Mineola and Rapid
Water all at short odds, as good as 50
to 1 was laid early in- the betting
against Scotch Plume, which was rid
den by the little apprentice Ohlandt. The
filly barely defeated the famous Ham
burg Belle, winner of last year's Fu
turity, which was conceding thirty
seven pounds to her conqueror. Scotch
Plume ran a fair race a few days ago,
and to-day more than one player of the
"dope" figured her out to have a
chance. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; handicap; all
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. %, Fin.
2 to 1— Diamond. 102 (Traver*).. 1 12 12
IS to .">— C. Prince. 103 (Philips) 6 2 2 2 4
0 to 2 — Teacrese. U3 <Crimmin*).. 5 3 Vi 3 6
Time, 1:13 2-5. Start fair. Won *»aelly.
Winner E. R. Thomas' ch. c. by Meadow
thorj->e-<joI(Jen Dream. Mamie Worth. Gay
Boy. Invincible, Jim Beattie. finished as
earned.
The time made by Ivan the Terrible
in the fifth race, at six furlongs, equals
the world's record, held by Dick Welles,
made at Washington Park two seasons
ago. Ivan the Terrible and Gold Enamel
ran as a team for the entire route, the
former finally winning by a head at the
wire. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; selling; four
year-old? and upward:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. ''¦ % Fin.
21 to 5— Beau, and Best,112(Lnch)14 7 & 1 8
17 to I— Marsbalsea. 114 (Bell)... 9 6 5 2 h
13 to 1— Corblefs Bay.119 (Prior) 7 1 % 3 nk
Time. 1:14 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. H. Darrow's b. c. (4) by Tristan-
Aquillon. Chamblee 10T, Flaunt 110, Idogo
100. Dr. Moody 119. Goodman 111. Hattle
Spencer 119. King's Court 109. Joe Krey 122,
Winesap 101. Jackfull 100, Handsome Man 119,
finished as named."
The talent went entirely to the bad
in the second race, In which Scotch
Irish and Flaxman were conceded the
only real contenders. Neither got any
part of the money.. Hildreth furnished
the winner in his filly Logistella, an 8
to 1 shot, which proved easily the best
and won going away, with a couple of
lengths to spare.
After being virtually left at the post,
Beautiful- and Best came with a mar
velous burst of speed, ran around his
field and won the first race with the
greatest of ease by three lengths. It
was one of the grandest exhibitions of
speed and gameness seen on the track
this season.
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.— Fortune smiled
once more upon Sam Hildreth at Worth
to-day, when he won both races In
which his horses were entered. His
four-year-old mare Niaxus won a sen
sational race when she j beat Rankin a
head in the third event, at one and an
eighth miles. Helgesen kept her well
up all the way, dodging the hot pace
set by Rankin and Swift Wing. When
called upon she moved up rapidly, wore
down Rankin in the stretch and then
outgramed him. when the real test came.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Epedal Dispatch to The Call.
WORLD'S RECORD IS EQUALED
WINNER AS GOOD AS 50 TO 1
. By the New York 'Morning Telegraph.
First race — Mimosa, Right and True,
Old Knsland. • .... .
Second race— Ocean Tide, St. Valen
tine, Irish Witch.
Tliird race— Druid, Foxy, D'Arkle.
Fourth race- — Canteen, Champlain,
Dick Bernard. -
Fifth race — Witch Hazel, 5Iy Buela,
Raiment. . ... .
Sixth race — Little Em, Brunswick,
James F. , .
Condition of the track— Fast. v •
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
Graham Catches Him Nap
ping Off First When Bases
Are Full and Two Men Oiit v
DUNLEAVY GETS SLEEPY
Bookmakers Are Cautious
and Prevent a Big
Betting Coop.
Hildreth's Horses Score
Brackets at Worth
Racetrack.
SELECTIONS
BY MEN WHO
FIGURE FORM
When Darkness Set^Irij Dur
ing Tenth, Tigers and Com :
muters Have One Kun Each
HONORS EVEN
AT TWILIGHT
SEAGRAM'S SCOTCH PLUME
DEFEATS HAMBURG BELLE
IN RAVENSWOOD HANDICAP
THE! SAN: FRANCISCO^ CALlt:iFRIDAY,v OCTOBER :28;.:19O5:
CHAMPION GANS EXPERIENCES DIFFICULTY IN MAKING WEIGHT
Befe to Be Declared Qff if He Is Overweight
GANS DEVOTES MUCH TIME TO
HIS ROAD WORK.
Malice i is sharper j at ", the hilt than'' in
the blade; ; .'.. ., \_., : - _ . -
< -ITAKES .CARBOLIC /? ACID.— F. VW.v Neid
lfin, a cabinetmaker residing at ,704 Howard
;slreet;>/ killed « himself ; yesftrday -- morning i by
taking, carbolic. acld."^ He .was : despondent . over
*-'- wife's ! separation from him. / •JEaBBukgBEi
- ' McGARY ESTATE.'— The - appraisers . ap
pointed by ¦. the " oourt '.' to : determine ' the \ value
of i the ", estate > of i the : - late It Alice « McGary re
ported < yesterday *: that * It i is * worth I $75,481 ill.'
of » which i $75,000 i is p the A value i of #760 3 shares
H the ? Edward •McGaryrE8UteiCfcmp«ny;wW|
10
FREE FREE FREE
SUNDAY CALL"
WANT ADS.
A Coupon Entitling You to One
\ PounoV 40c
"TOP QUALITY" COFFEE of
THE GREAT AMERICAN
IMPORTING TEATCO.
With Every 25c SmaU Ad
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Small A'd Page for Further
Particulars.^
FREE: TO MEN! I
I fS^ / And Women, Tool I
5$. . t%S"f 5^^ Do. you want to be a big, husky man. S
ft iv*.v;# *rS> j*tcJa "^ Tith vim and power ln your e-very action*- s«J
'tt -<V^Z ''-Tu^SWl' with. courage, self-confidence. and ambl- -Ja
0 S7? I vBS vN>. v» ' mSa tionto "do things"? Do you want to get Q
K rkjf I 5-C /VoLV-srVk" rid : of that feeling of gloom, that weaJs- - M
O /TiSW ' // A^cQg&ML <^ nes3 ln >' 0lir back, that nervous, worn- 1_
S f. U^L /j^l^lf^b/W^ ° Ut fe€llnK ?' hich unR« you for business £;
Q V^b^M Jff&S M^'Cx. \& Do y° u a nt to feel like a man all «
3 A4&f£t£i!&'ia^- ,#T v V»«^ over, to hold up your he3d with the *
S ¦ fl^^in vZS&y&^Zfi i (&4 knowledpe that you ere the man that na- M
5 . Pj" i 5:s 1 £4V*P : 1!L?!Ti LO Jr&t ture meaRt > ou to be? «
1? f S^^'-^aTw c/?\ -^ I kr - ow that "° ma n remains a weak- A
O vi^fi •*^©3r»5>Xjr*.&rH> <t^S lln 5 becav.se he wants to. I am sure X
C J^^ that you .want to overcome every lndica- X
§ - ' tion of early, decay that haa shown Itself «
B '^** m \ ZLt **3t£ fiR7il^\\ *%?0 on you. -I don't think the man lives -who X
6 " jr ~ • VTVi 11 Tp x* . iTT^c - would not like to fael *¦ big and strong »
S ' .":..'••'. "•"• rja si a. Sandow. and I-taow that if you »
B" ••' T " r , -•-¦'•--- . -;.v. • have' a reasonable .foundation to build »
3" yP® 11 - 1 ca " raake y° u * bigger man than you ever hoped to be. I want you 8
„ to k "owth«.:youwho can't. 'bellevo it. and I want yov to have my book S
« In which I describe ho w\ I learned that strength was only electricity and *
S ¦¦- w°>^ £m a t rn u d tO f£ Stor 1 lt; also l want to teU y° u th « "»>»> of some men K
K -who wlllitell you that when they came to m«- U-y. were physical wrecks. S
K and i are now;amon B the finest specimens of physical manhood. wrecKa - 5
A 'lean do -Justus much forewomen as for men. I have thousands of 1-t- ft
ft ter*. from. grateful. women. -who rad spent y«ars and money trylnr to «t «
g ., .whtn* you • know that your- friendc ' , ; ' ,. » **
8 and^nelshbors arebelne ci/rcd? : <v2lifcf*>lSi©^ "*«
S ..Why. ¦ the -•: money you * sp»-:a ¦ f or •_ 'L' cZj jjcl- ' »
drugsln a few months, i' invested . &}{ t?& '"^^^J^MjiI^^Sk, q
;? this ad. I will Bend It sealed, fre»». *V^^ ' "^^ 3
:ft and ., will. give . you „ the [ names; of 'SJ'viX>&^ ~ c
JK your own neighbors ,whc ire cured. , _ J
M^^^l^^^;^^i^^M teI1 me your §
1 Dfl Mv G. McLaUSrhlin 906 Market St; I" A .'deckhand 'on the \ river.boat .T.'; C.
.Walk€rjW^"^V^9seph>;Phllip8/vv(whb^
lived' in "Oakland/r was" almost ; instantly
killed tyesterday. at ithe;Steuart-street
¦wharf ; by ;<a".flWlngring«boom.'..i>PhiUps
with § another-i man - was K transferring
flouri from * the? Stanley /. Dollar, 3 to J the
.Walker^when fethe:;, 1 swinging . j boom
broke ! .fr6mMts"; fastenings 'and ;ln' f fall
ing, hit IPhllips ¦ on ;the ! fronts portion ! of
hishead, smashinsr -his'-i skull. >¦ • ' < ••:, ¦¦-'- -;--
Killed -by" a Swinging Booinl
• '-. •¦ .. ¦*•"...-••. V.Thursday,; Oct. 27. *.
i'Stmr F A •Kilburn. Thompson, -7 hours from,
Port Rodcer*-.-. *¦'¦ ' iw" .' £ '"«*»"'•.''' ' '•
x gtinr, Santa , Crw«, Albert*, . M hours from
Port Harford. ," '¦"'"._.'•*)
rs&tmt .Point.. Arena.*.. Miller, 18. b^uni from
MenJoclno. : . . \ J .' '"*, ** ,''" ' ' i"" 1 '
Stmr ' Greenwood. 11 hours • from
Stror '•¦ West ftort, ¦ "Johnson/ 41. boura ' from - Ban'
P«Jro-.* " " - *' *--' ° r." ¦* * -- ? -i -»*. *."-.*.'-..-*- ; -^r • .- -v'
¦ Stmr > Whltesboro; Fre«rlck»on, ; . 17 hours
from Greenwood." .-, vj-'-^'x . • • '"¦<• • • -•
Stmr National City, Hammar, 14 hours from-
Russian ¦- Oulch. £- "-»i ¦ • .-I '¦ . _ ¦ " ' ' -. •¦ -'
s Stmr Santa Ro«a, : Alexander. . 40 Hours from
San Olero andway ports. ¦ •'¦¦"• ,^ ¦' < . '"«
.. .. Stmr , Kalnln.^. 12; hours - from Delr<
'aaar.-". "¦-'. -•-^-•*'>'\. ••—'"*¦. : ' *!'"'' 1>V ' '."¦''" '¦'-''. '-•**" ' '"
AKKIVEIX
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Steamer.. J . Destination. . - - Sails. :
Humboldt..."., Skagway &,W»y Ports. Oct. 23'
Farallon..... ' Sltfcsway & ' Way Porta. Oct. 31
Santa Clara.. Seldovla & Way Ports. (Nov. 1'
Dolphjn...... Skagway & W*y Ports.|Kov. 2
United States Coast .and Geodetic Survey—
New Jersey Soon to Be Launched.
QUINCY, Mass., Oct. 27. The
United States battleship New, Jersey,
under construction at the 'Fore River
Shipbuilding Company's yards In this
city, will be launched Thursday, No
vember 10. The battleship will be
christened by Mrs. .William B. Kinney,
daughter of Governor Murphy of New
Jersey. v.
' : The rear * : Wheels *,of \ Corilin's * wagon"
were ¦ on : the .- iron covering the : man
hole when the accumulated gas 'inside
the pit : explbded. The wagon ..was
raised ' high ; inV the,' air/ arid its driver
thrown to the; ground. The 'horses,
frightened '-by 'the -unusual; noise; and
lef t a ?, driver, plunged r madly
up - Stockton "street, but ": were caught
before rthey. had, gone far.': The i» iron
coveririgito >ther manhole' was.'broken
to sbits; and ! ._it- is fortunate "that r. the
wagon, was -on 'top .of it at ithe, time* of
the ".. explosion, V.^ as flying i- fragments
might ; haver- done^serfous 1 damage.. ¦ ;
. A new^bulldingls aboutcompleted at
the,corner. of Stockton: and Post streets
in t^whlchf electricians : are : installing
electric lights and it is- supposed that
a-, sparki. from 'a; wire" disturbed; by = the
workmen ignited'; the 'accumulated gas
and. caused 7 . the) explosion.'- ' r ', ' . -. -"
With a noise like unto, the roar
of ;> ten-Inch a quantity
of gas which .had collected in
a '*- manhole-., at. the, corner of Post arid
Stockton streets exploded yesterday
afternoon. : By..< good ' fortune - no V one
was .injured,- but Frank Conlln,, who
was driving an express wagon near by ,'
had a -narrow escape. '""-. - ' ,..
Cover. Is Blown From a Manhole at
the .'.Corner; of Post and
Stockton Streets.
LIVES ARE ENDANGERED
BY -: EXPIX5SIONT- OF ; GAS
Adblph Fry. lately of San Mateo
Ccunty, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest of
" John . Doe" Kredo of . Kredo & Co.,
real estate agents,! 765 ; Market street,
on a charge of felony embezzlement.
Attorney J. W.'Bourdette, who repre
sents ; Fry, says that Fry was induced
byJ Kredo ; to buy a saloon. at 223 East
street •¦. from . K. A. Besk. Fry . grave
Kredo $250 on the condition that the
license would .be .transferred * by; the
Police ; Commissioners and s deposited
$&00 in escrow with the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank. Last .Tuesday night: the
transfer of the license was refused and
Kredo declines to return the $250.".- :
Wants His Money Back.
HUNTS VILLE, Ala., Oct.. 27.—
Thomas M. Rlggs, a man, ' has
been 'arrested* and -placed under $5000
bonds on a charge of conspiracy In' the
lynching of Horace Maples. Robert
Powell, son - of - ex-Sheriff . Powell, -.said
to have been indicted by the United
States Grand Jury on the same charge,
will surrender. -ZS. .
Law Reaches Ont'for Lynchers.
Stmr Argo, . Dunham, 28 hours from : Eel
River. . ?
Brig W G Irwin, Hansen, 7V6 • days from
Roche Harbor. . .,-. ..-;>,..'
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reves. .
Schr . Newark. Remertson, 14 hours from
Iwracns Landing. . ¦
Schr . Jennie Grifnn. i Gibson, 3 hours • from.
Bollnav - .
Schr Annie. M," Campbell, 10 days from Port
Bbikelry. ' ¦ - •, .- - .
Schr John A- Camobell,'- Svenson, - 13 days,
from Blaine. . -
CLEARED.
" Thursday, Oct. 27. ¦
Stmr Pont» Cruz, Alberts. San Pedro- Pa
ciflc Ccast Stean- shin/ Company. , --.-• ¦«¦-
Stmr Whittier. Dickson, Portland; Union
Oil Company. . ¦- • . .-¦
SAILED. r.V'fc
, Thursday, Oct. 27.'
U S stmr Bennlngton, Nilcs, Magdalona Bay.'
Stmr F. A Kllburn, Thompson, Port Rodgers
Stmr .State of California. Nlcolson, Ran
Diego.
Stmr Cfclco. Martin. Coqullle River.
SUnr City «>f Puebla, Jepeen, Victoria,"' etc. '
Stmr G C Lindauer, Allen,' Grays Harbor. 1
Stmr Newburg,- Anftndsen,- Grays Harbor:
Stmr Breakwater; Seaman, Coos Bay.
Stmr Santa jCrui. Alberta, San .Pedro. ¦'"'.
Stror Pomo. Ahlln, Albion River.
-Stmr Whittier, Dickson, Portland.
Stmr Rival. Fosen, Bowens Landing.
Br ship Gunford, Watt, : Liverpool. .
Bchr C<mflanza,< Johnson, > Notlevs Landing ¦
Schr Mary Etta, -;. Wetzel;- Iversens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT IXDBOS, Oct 27, 10 n m— Weather
foggrj*; wind W; velocity; 8 mlleg . per . hour. -^
: DOMESTIC-PORTS: : . . ; ;
' FORT ¦ BR AGO— Arrived ' Oct - 27— Stmr
Brunswick, hince Oct 20.' . , , .
"VENTURA— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr r Asun
cion-, from Redondo."-'." ', ¦•-•;'
•Sailed^- Oct 27 — Stmr Asuncion, for Port
Harford.
REDQNDOT-Arrtyed.Oct 27— Stmr Bee, from
Aberdeen. ' . .' ;.-: •.'.-¦ «•¦ ,. :.;.:-¦ . .
Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Asuncion, for San Fran
cisco. : ¦ ¦-¦ . ¦ _¦-•¦-¦¦¦•: - ¦¦¦." - .- .-' - -.- -¦ ¦
EUREKA— Arrived i Oet ¦ 26— Stmr ' Noyo '
hence Oct 25; stmr Alliance, hence Oct 23. Oct
27 — Btmr Arctic.- hence Oct -26. ¦ ;•'¦•=.•:••
- ¦ Arrived Oct : ¦ 27 — Stmr- North ' Fork, hence
OCt.2(i. • ..ir.-^...- v ;-.;,:,-., , ; .-,- ... . .,.;
Sailed Oct ?7— Stmr Eureka, for Kan Fran
cisco. ¦ •..'¦.--• -:.-¦• .--....'. '.- ¦ .;
v BELLINOH AM— Sailed - Oct ;• 27— Stmr ' Ral
olef/'for San Franclsoo. '.:.--:-•¦' . -
j 'Arrived ". Oct -¦ 27— Cktn James •* Tuft, ; from
Winslow.' -.'•"•..>• ¦ •¦ ;,. . --.v .. -,-^-q— -.-:-;
i SEATTLE-^Salled Oct 2ft— 8tmr:CaIifornlan ¦
for •'.Tacoma/ v: v,- -..-¦. ?.-¦:_; -.-,.*-, ¦>,-;•*¦ r .
-..TACOMA'— Arrived. Oct ;2»V— Stmr Californlan
from -Beattte, -to sail Oct' 28 - for — — ¦¦. ~ -. :^v <:.•.- - ¦
.' Sailed 'Dctl'27— Br ; stmr ¦>:¦¦ Telemachoa for
Chlna-and Japan, eto:Br ahlp Celtic Monarch;*,
f or* Queenstown., .. _>.*-«¦>' v-, .;.,,..';
> S ANTA c BARBARA— Arrived " Oct " 27— Stmr
Ban Pedro, - from . San • T"i ill ii "> j J>'iil|jM||jMi|IM|i
¦ POINT \ LOBOS— Passed * Oct <. 26, - ; 6 , a ¦ m~
52 buys a card index drawer. 600 rec
ord cards and 25 guide cards. Loose-leaf
ledgers, prlco books and' good" printing
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street.*
Card Systems and Cabinets.
"FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. ' Sails. Pier.
October 28.
Algoa China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor... . 12 . m' Pier. 20
Bamoa Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Corona Hnmboldt .'. 1:30 p Pier '8
October 29. . - . * • .
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier. 2
EanPedro., Humboldt 12 m Pier. 2
Alameda Honolulu 11 am Pier ' 7
O. W.' Elder I Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Joie jN. Y. via Ancon.|12 in Pier 40
Norwood....' Seattle. & .Tacoma. j •'» pm Pier 2
Argo ..'(Eel' River Ports..! 4 pm Pier 2
Iao.ua I Astoria & Portland|10 am Pier 2
• J > October 30. - . . •
Bonita Newport & Way., ft am Pier 11
Centennial..! Seattle &Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
S. Rosa Saa Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Eureka..... Hurabbldt\. ......*. 9 am Pier 13
Homer Los Angeles Porte. S pm Pier 1
Northland.. Lo* Anrelws Ports. 1 pm'Pler 2T
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor...... 3 pm|Pier 53
October ,31.
Pomona Humboldt l:30piP.'er 9
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor '. 4 pmlPler 2
Redondo Astoria & Portland 1 pmjPier 2
November 1. j .
Umatllla... Puget Sound Port*. 11 am] Pier 8
Arcata Coos B. 1 Pt. Orfd 12 S m|Pler 13
' . November 3.
Arctic...... Humboldt 9 amlPier 2
HTovember 3. : : ,| l
Columbia... Astoria & Portland it amjpier 24
Eliiabeth... CoQUille . Rix-er . . ._, 5 pm Pier 20
Pomo..' Pt. Arena & Albion «j>m Pier' 2
State of Cal. San. Diego & Way. » am Pier 11=
Break wattr. Coos ;Bay. direct.. 5pm Pier 8
- ." } November 4. ;
N. Fork..!. Humboldt/:.'.'.;.".'.*.. 0 am Pier 2»
Rainier..... Seattle & Bllnghm '4 pm Pier 10
' - V ¦ If oveaiber 5. - ' ¦ - ;
City Panamj N.. T.' -via. Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Aurflia ! Astoria & Portland S pm Pier 27,
I Voveinber 6. ~
Queen I Pug»t Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Jeanie. {Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
I November 7. ;
Curacao.... Mexican Ports ..;. 10 amjPier tl'
Chtco 1 Coqullle River.'.'..'.}. 1 pm|Pler 2
TO SAIL.
MOBILE, Ala.; Oct. 27.— Advices
came by steamer to-day of a'disastrous
storm *on the Cayman Islands in the
Caribbean Sea. ' The American schoon
er M. 'A. Achorn was caught in the
storm and damaged.' The sloop Gold
fish and the vessel Excelsior are re
ported lost. The schooners. Defender
and . Albatross have not reported and
fears for their safety axe entertained.
American Schooner ~ M.' " A. Achom
¦ Damaged and Other Ships Re
ported Destroyed.
VESSELS LOST IN GALE
IN THE CARIBBEAN SEA
Shipmasters and customs officials
have been persistently annoyed for
years by runners and solicitors board
ing. vessels on their, arrival in this
harbor before 'the customs officers
have had an \ opportunity of complet
ing their work. The law has been
continuously violated in this regard,
yet but few arrests have been - made
and in those cases the punishment has
not' been severe. But Customs Col- :
lector-. Stratum is determined to put
an end to this nuisance, and yesterday
he; called . the attention • of -^United
States ' District Attorney Marshall B.
Woodworth to the matter of the
boarding of the Dutch' ship Europa on
October 1 6 by William Clark, J. Fink
Jr., David Crowley. Sr. and James Sin
nott; Mr. Woodworth assured" Collec
tor Stratton that he would present the
case to' the Grand Jury now in ses-i
sion. . The penalty, is a fine of $200
each, with Imprisonment In ' the dis
cretion, of , the court. Captain G.Bona
of.^the. Europa was fined $1000 by Col
lector Stratton, but upon his showing
that the runners had not boarded the
vessel with his permission the depart-;
ment . exonerated him from , payment
of the- fine. .
David Crowley Sr. and Three Oothers
May Be Indicted by Federal
Grand Jury. .'<',-' -I
Steamer.. From. ( I Due.
Curacao Mexican Ports ........ Oct. 28
Del Norte Crescent City Oct. 28
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 28
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 28
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 29
Wyefleld Oyster Harbor Oct. 29
Empire ... Coo» Bay & Pt. Orford'Oct. 29
Arctic... Humboldt Oct. SO
Enterprise Hilo Oct. 30
Northland... Portland & Astoria Oct. 30
W. Kruger. .. Portland & Astoria Oct. 30
Homer Grays Harbor Oct. SO
Arcxta Coos "Bay & Pt. Or ford. Oct. 30
Redondo San Pedro Oct. 30.
Chehal Is .".... San Pedro Oct. 30
Columbia Portland A Astoria Oct. 31.
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. Oct.* 31
Rainier... Seattle it Bellingbam. Oct. 31
State of Cal.. San Diego * Way Pts. Oct. 31
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Oct. 31'
S. Monica.... San Pedro jOct. 31
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. (Nov. 1'
Corona Humboldt *- . . Nov.. -1
North Fork . . . Humboldt Nov. 1
Elizabeth Coqullle River ,. Nov. 1
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 2
Anrella Portland & Astoria Nov. 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... Nov. 2
Argo. Eel River Ports Nov»--2
Acapulco New York via A neon.. Nov. 3
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena, Nov. 3
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. [Nov. 3
Bonlta [Newport & Way Ports.-jNov: 4
Nevadsn y Honolulu & Kabului.. Nov. 5
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Nov* 5--
Alliance I Portland & Way Ports. Nov. "6'
City Puebla.. j Puget- Sound' Ports'.;..] Nov. 7'
SHIP- RUNNERS "ARE. - TV- . ¦/.
:¦':' • -IX SERIOUS TROUBLE
TO ARRIVE
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Oct. 27. —
Sheriff • Edward Bell", to-day swore to
a complaint before. the. Assistant Dis
trict Attorney charging J. J. . Neville
with the murder of, James A. Hart
sock, who was killed in the Independ
ence depot explosion; on June 6.
Neville, who conducted. a saloon in
Independence prior to the explosion in
which . more than twenty miners were
killed -.and maimed, was recently ar
rested at Cody, Wyo.,- and brought to
this city. He furnished a $2000 bond
on ' a minor charge preferred against
him and , then returned • to JVyoming.
He will be: brought back again. If he
can be located.
J. J. Neville Charged by Sheriff Bell
: With* Having Caused the .
Explosion.
SALOON-KEEPER IS ACCUSED
OF INDEPEXDEXCE OUTRAGE
¦ '•";." '. USOUi. Meridian— Pacific. Time.)
;,!> ~ H SAN. FRANCISCO, : Oct^ 27— C p. m.
v 1 The' following -maxfmUnT and minimum tem
peratures are reported- for -the. previous day:
Boston •.;.;,h....«M« New.V6rk<' ..62-38
Chicago- ...,•..,... 50-.T8 Philadelphia .64-42
Cincinnati . .... .54-3« Pittsburg —
Jack£onvlll8..,.^..7:4-C2|St.- Louis'- 52-38
New Orleans -....72-581 Washington 04-38
SAN FRANCISCO; .•..: j. •;;.•; .58-54
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as comjwired with tfiose. of same date last
season and rainfall in -last twenty-four hours:
- ¦ - Lait ,., This Last
Stations— • 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eurek* ....:.%'.....".. 0.00. -. 4.35 5.27
Red Blnff ....,..:.... 0.00 V '8.49 .46
Sacramento .::.,"...'.*. 0.00' ' 5.'47 .12
San Francisco 0.00 -, 7.45 .17
Fres-no ... ...7:. ".".".:'. 0.00 -'"'. "4. OS .00
Independence .....;. '.0.00 ' -.47 .42
San Luis Oblspo .... 0.00 „ . 4.88 .02
Los Angeles 0.00 "1.13 .4»
San Diego 0.00'" .16 .07
COAST RECORD. ; i
§ SS^af s-E - I
STATIONS. * «S™=a3 £~ S
: c c : : §
... -1*1 •% . ' .
¦ • - »¦¦ a •.-•.-• : .
Baker ...30.16 64 *34 W Clear .00
Carson ...30.03 70 32 NE Clear' .00
Eureka ..30.14 6* 50 SW Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.98 84 50 SW Clear .00
S.E. FaraUon.:$0.10 58 54 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff .....30,02 62 32 NE Clear .00
Pocatello 30U4 70 S8 EWC!«ar .00
Independence .30.08 72 4fl SW Clear .00
Lee Angeles. .29.96 84 66 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.30.0T '71 64 S Clear .00
North Head.. 30.08 52 48 SE Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29.96 78 58 SE Clear .CO
Pt. Reyea Lt. 30.06 B6 50 NW Clear ' .00
Portland 30.04 06 44 SW Clear .00
Red Bhift ..."^0.04 74 50 NE Clear ,.00
Roseburg 30.04 70 46 W Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento ..30.04 74 44 NW Clear .($>
Salt Lak* 30.14 62 38 NW Clear .00
San Franclrco.30.12 58 64 W Cloudy .00
San L. Oblspo.30.04 76 BO N Clear .00
San Diego ...29.94 76 60 N Clear" .00
Seattle SO. 08 60 42 W Cloudy -.00
Spokane 30.16 62 32 NE Clear . .00
Tatoosh 30.04 62 46 . SW ,- Cloudy .00
Walla Walla. 30.14 »i 40 SW Clear .00
Winneniucca .30.14 72 30 N Oear .00
Yuma 29.06 80 56 NE Clear .00
WEATHER -CONDITIONS AND GENERAL'
FORECAST,-
There Ms been a slight fall In pressure over
the western half of the country, except along
the coast of Northern California, where the.
pressure continues, hish.. Conditions are be
coming more favorable : for cloudy uns«ttled.
weather, and rhowere.
Warmer weather is reported at Freano and'
In Southern California. ¦ . ¦ ¦¦
• Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 2R:
Northern- California — Cloudy Friday, with :
conditions favorable for showers at night along "
the ccaet : light southerly winds. - , - ¦ -
Southern CaHfbrna— Fair Friday; light west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday. ' . • : ¦ >
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday,
probably light rain by night; light southerly
wind. . . . .
I^os Angeles and vicinity — Fair Friday;
light westerly wind. ..- . • . - - - .
Sacramento— Cloudy Friday; light southerly
wind. / . .
Fresno— Cloudy Friday; freth - southerly
winds. - •¦¦• ¦ .....
Vi/ C A. G. McADlE, District Forecaster..
1 • ¦ ¦ .-
Movements of Steamers.
' • Time and Heigh' t'of^HJglT and Low Waters
at Fort Potnt.' entranced to San ' Francisco '
- y Bay. Ptfbljehedby offlcial"«uthority cf. ibe
... Superintendent, -, .". .;.••."';¦. , ."" -j
. NOTE^ —^The high ' and | low ,-wavcrs ".occur ' at - ;
.the city front <Ml«sk>ri-etreet wTaarf) about* 2J;
minutes' later thanat.ForA Point; ttebslghl ;
t>f tide. Is tbe »am« at_both- places. ." •;;>, . . ,
: .. . , FRIDA.T-.-JQCTOBER."28. .^;;. •:'. i
Sun rises .....;... '.. ..'.".'....'. ..6;tO,
Sun eets ...5:j6
Moon rises ....8:36 p. la.
D ITlme ITimel Tlmel. Time
£ I Ft. I 1 Ft. j Ft. Ft.
• JH W |L W] . 1H W|. L W
2S 2:32! 4.2 7:15 3-0 1:10! 5.21 8:131 0.0
29 3:27 4.2 8:0S 3.1 2:00' 5.0.9:10! 0.2
S0J4:£slT4.2 8:16] 3.1 3:03 4.8 10:08 0.3
31 i 5:24 4.4 10:36 3.1 4:16 4.6 11:19 0.6
1 6:17l 4.7 11:54 2.6 5:3S 4.4
1L W H W IL W H W : ¦ ,
2 I 0-121 0.8* 7:0» - 6.0 1:02 2.0 6:B6 '4.4
3 | 1:131 l.ll 7:54 5.3 2:00 • 1,4| 8:10 .4.6
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are riven ia the left
hand column and tbe successive- tides of tbe
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tbe
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes OccurB. The. heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United tStaes
Coa&t Survey Charts, except when a minue ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
tbe charts. Tbe plane of reference is the mean
of th» lower low watera.
Rear Admiral Louis Kempff will
make the inquiry in the First District,
at San . Francisco, " and Rear ¦ Admiral
John R. Bartlett, the interior Missis
sippi : district-- .' President'.* Roosevelt
commented on the .Slocum. Commis
sion ,ih]giving the instructions.
• High . officers . in the" navy will also
make the investigation in other dis
tricts. ' . . . .
WASHINGTON, Oct. . 27.— In ac
cordance with the directions of the
President, Secretary Metcalf of the
Department of Commerce and Labor,
has completed arrangements for. ¦ a
thorough Investigation of the several
districts of the ¦ steamboat - inspection
service, except the one included In the
district of New York. .. .
Will Have Charge of the Investigation
Into the Steamboat Inspec
tion Service.
ADMIRAL. KEMPFF. TO DIRECT
INQUIRY IX SAN FRANCISCO
WEATHER REPORT.
Nor stmr Titania. from Nanaimo, for Ban
Dleso. • — . - • • - > ¦ ;'
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 2T— Ship Spar- ;
tan," for Alcoa Bay.- • . ¦•¦• .;- . . ¦
COOS HAY— Sailed, Oct 27— Stror Empire, for
San Francisco." • • - • ' •
- WESTPORT— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr ' News- ;
boy,- hence Oct 2«i. .-(- --•> •,•- • tjfi ', ¦¦ ¦'• '¦
PORT. BLAKELEY— Arrived. Oct .27— Ship I
John Currier, from Tacoma. . . . ,
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct i 27— Br ' shlD*' Carnar
von-Bay." f or. Sou Un Africa.- • ¦ - ' . '.-¦
SAN PEDRO — Arrived - Oct . 27— Stmr Re-,
dondo, .hence Oct 25; stmr . Prentiss, from.
Bowens Landing. . i ' '?¦ '¦• v ¦ '
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct ; 27— Bktn Arago, !
for Ban Francisco. - < s\>> .v '••: r - ',«
W INSLOW— Arrived Oct-. , 27— Sehr . Laura,
Madsen, from St Lawrence Island. -..;;
. , ISLAND v PORTS..
HONOIPU— Arrived , Oct .2i— Schr Omega,
from Newcastle. Aus. . - '•"•*.
MANILA— Sailed Oct I 24— Si>an stmr Al!
cante. from 'Liverpool.* ¦.'¦ • ¦¦ -' . -•. ¦; :
. HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Argyll,
hence Oct" 17. - V , ,
Sailed Oct 27— Stmr ; Ventura, .for Sydney.- '
. ' [\ •¦ PORTS,; ' ' . . :
BALTIMORE.— Arrived Oct 26-fSblp Benja- '
mln F Packard: from Philadelphia: '
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 27— Br stmr Cum
bal.-.'fi>R.-Catlaa.'<><:f -r- • • v.y -• 'X> ; ¦
'•.^ "'FOREIGN PORTS. ;; .=•-;.
PANAMA— Arrived Oct 9 — Br atmr Kenslng-i
ton, from Hongkong. *tilH s ¦¦;''".'-»»¦¦•"•• •> I
HONGKONG— Arrived orfor-to Octt2ft— Br
stmr. Gaelic hence -Oct-1. -. Oct 2&^-Br-Btmr :
Empress of India, from Vancouver. ¦ vr
Sailed • Oct * 10-^-Ger stmr 'Nlcomedia.- for
Portland, • Ore. -- • -r ••- ¦> • ¦.. ; ¦: :
DUNGENESS — Passed Oct 26 — Br bark
Doris, from Newcastle. Eng, for San Fran
cisco. . :'.? ¦,-„••¦..-'-. •••-;-_
ASCENSION^— Arrived .prior to Oct 26— Br
ehip- Yola,- from Manila.
COLON— Arrived Oct 2ft-Stmr Finance,
from New York. - P- - . ' -¦ • .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived i Oct 25— Br* stmr
Sikh," from Hongkong. ' Oct 28-^Stmr Lyra,'
from Tacoma. ¦:¦:¦-,' ,->•'•« . . ,
I^UIQUE— Sailed - SeDt 27— Stror George
Fleming. . for ¦— — — . - • " ' • ¦. •.
JUNIN— Sailed- Sent '12— Br ship Pass of
Brander. for Delaware Breakwater. '
SHIELDS-rln port Sept 22— Fr ship Made
laice, for San Francisco; Ger bark Magdalene,
for Sp.n Francisco. ' • ¦ • ¦
Sailed Oct ?t>— Ger ship Magdalene, for San
Francinco.' - ¦ . ."--.•» ¦¦
HAMBURG — Sailed Oct 10 — Br ship Lyder
horn, for Seattle. ¦• :•¦,•? -
DUBLIN— Arrived. Oct 2ft— Br ship ¦ Hougo
mont. from Tacoma; Br ship Merioneth, hence
June 24.' >*¦¦¦ ¦-- j.. .-..-
SAUNA CRUZ— Sailed Oct 13, and not Oct
20f— Br stm dredger Mexico, for San Francisco.'
1 . '. OCEAN STEAMERS.", ." J ¦ .'
NCT' Arrived Oct ' 27 — Stmr'
Koenlgen Lulse, from. Genoa and Naples; stmr :
Baltic, from Liverpool and Queenstown . '
Sailed Oct* 27— Stmr,Deutschland, for Ham
burg; Btmr La Gascogne, for Havre; stmr
Neaopolltan Prince, for Naples and Palermo.
HAVRE— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr La Tou
ralne. from .New York, i • - ....
IjONDON— Sailed, Oct 27— Stmr Minneapolis,
for New York. ;. ¦ ,
NAPLES — Arrived , Oct ¦ 27— Stmr., Hohenzol
lern. from New -York, and sailed for Genoa.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Kaiser
WUhelm II; for New York. ','-¦;¦ ' ¦ ¦¦¦:¦¦
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct .27— Stmr Ce
drle.. from Llveroool, for New 'York.
¦HAMBURG— Arrived v: Oct • 27— Stmr Gfaf.
Waldersee, from New Tork.
MARSEILLES— Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Gallia.
for, New York. *-••.¦ .;•- !
Memoranda. .
COLON, Oct 2»-^Br. ) pchr Potariac, wrecked
last' July at Nombre de Dlos, arrived here.
Oct 14. • '. • : : • :¦¦?: .
BELLINGHAM. Oct; 27— Stmr Qeo E Starr/
from this port for; Seattle, went- ashore thlsi
morning about -a mile -south of Ocean- Dock;
wht-re she remained : for two hours;, cot off'
with assistance. -with hoi*, in bow above water'
line end nroceedejl to Seattle. . .".>¦¦
Latest reports from the Arctic whalers give
catch as- follows; ; Stmr . Jeajiette, 9 whales;,
stmr Bowhead, 6 whales; stmr- William Bay-'
lies, 3 whaleri'stmr Narwhal, 4 whales. :
THE FREIGHT^ STEAMSHIPS . ALG.OA. A?JD"STATfLKT"r>OLr;AB; WHICH ARE LOADING BIG CARGOES FOR JAPAN AND
CHINA. . THE FIRST 'VESSEL WILL TAKE J 15.W»0 TONS, THE LATTER MORE THAN 4C00 TONS. OF, MERCHANDISE,
•- * * MUCH, OF- IT-Syi*PLIE8 FOR THE WAR ZONE* * ¦ ; '
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrographic Office," IT. S. N., Mer
. cfcanty Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
- October 27. 1004.
Th* Time Bali on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i.-e., at noon of the I20th meridian, or at S
p.' m. Greenwich time. J. C. ! BURNETT, '
Lieutenant. U. S. N'.. In charre. ¦
> ¦
Time Ball.
>
Cliarurs.
»Th* ship S. 1>. Carleton U chartered I for
lumber from Puget Sound to Sydney at 28s Pd.
i The British * ehlp Thornliebank will load
wbeat bei^e for FTvropc on owner's account.
•Tb« dredger Mexico sailed from SsJina Crux
October 20 "for this port. She comes here for
rtj»ah».
- Th* transport Sherman will sail for Manila
November 1 with a large list of passengers,'
4*K>0 < tons of cargo and nearly 92,000,000 - la
pesos. ' *
C. A. McNeil, the well-known Clay street
Isuncfcman, recently went to his old borne in
Ohio on a vi*lt. When the time cuc« to
return here taU heart - failed' him , and h« ide-'.
elded to rtay. So he has directed that his
boats be sold and the business closed out.
• The United Statee gunboat BenninRton sailed
ytjrterday afternoon for Magdalena Bay, where
tbr will Join the shins under Admiral 'Good
rich. The fleet will proceed to Panama.
TapW will rucc-eed Captain Lyons
'.n the command of the American-Hawaiian
«»iisihlp Arlsonan and Ceptain Colcord trill
take the place vacated by Captain Morris in
th* American.
" ft h«» be*n reported that the whaler Wll
tlatn Baylies had caught three whales and the*
Narwhal four.
•The ChtU'an cruller tailed for the south
without' Cadet Verdure who remained ashore
Water Front Notes.
Th* Italian ship Gaetano Carabono has been
put back on the overdue list and .her rein
surance started at 25 per cent. She was
lined some time ago and was reported a.« hav
ing arrived at Table . Bay. her destination,
but this was an en or. She is now out 127
dnys from Sydney.
There is little hope for the British ship
Troop, as she was spoken in distress with a
sick crew and off her course bound to the
nearest port. 6he is out eighty days from
Manila to St. Helena, 20 per cent reinsurance.
Another vessel out far too long is the Ger
man, chip Slrra*. 150 day* from Liverpool to
V.alparatfro and quoted at S5 per cent.
The French ship Bretagne. 159 days from
Kette for Taltal. is quoted at 10 per cent. '
•Th« French bark • Notre Dame d'Arvor ic
out ¦ over time, but is not yet potted as over
due. Ehe left Newcastle, Australia, ninety
three days ago for this port and several ves
sels which sailed front that place after she
£14 - reached here weeks ago.
•
The Overdue Fleet
Two steamships carrying a total of 20.000
tor.* of merchandise will soon be leaving this
pert for the Orient. Much of the cargo of one
vessel will reach Japan while that of tile
cth<-r i« d^tined for China. The Aigoa will
sail from the Pacific Mail dock to-morrow
with ever lti.OC© tone, aad the Stanley Dollar
tt £teuart-«tr«et wharf will soon depart for
Korrkens with four or five thousand tons of
freight aboard. Like the gates of the Roman
tuaple of Janus, ajar in battle-time, the mar
ket doors are open in the warring East. Rus
ela. it ic reported, has ordered 3.000.000 pounds
of be*f from an Omaha firm and the cac«>*
must be shiprwd through 6an Francisco within
thirty days. Japan is also buying supplies in
this country for her little brown fighters, and
if th* ¦ Czar e blundering Baltic fleet should
land itself In the war waters and equalise the
two navies the blockade runners will have
busy day* and sleepless nights getting those
•upplies into Japan and Siberia. •
•
Cargoes for die East.
When she passed out of the harbor
for Delmar, two men were seen swim
ming away from the British ship Alice
A. Leigrh. They were deserters, and
one of the swimmers ; was struggling
in the water and making a hard
weather trip of it. A boat was hur
riedly lowered from the Gualala for
the rescue of the exhausted' runaway.
The phig was out of the bottom of the
boat — it should have been in— and
could not be found. This caused de
lay, and the .swimmer, a short^dlstance
off, wu rapidly giving out. The water
was gushing into the boat through the
hole, filling the little craft, and the
rescue was apparently to ¦ fail because
of the usual lack of preparation. 7 '
But the. man for the emergency was
on the spot and Davy Crockett's one
arm heroics at the cabin door willno
more be played by pugilistic actors.
One of the " men in the . boat Jammed
his thumb into the hole and checked
the inflow of water.: Then * he sat
down in the . boat and his. companion
at the oars pulled away to the rescue.!
It was a painful task for him, but he
kept the water out while the half-;
<lrowned swimmer was hauled Into the
boat and taken back to bis' ship.- The
other deserter got safely ashore. ¦" The
boat returned to the Gualala and was
hoisted up on the davits. Then the
emergency man tried to ': withdraw
from his task, but the thumb had be
come so swollen that this was impos
sible. The pain extended well up" his
arm. but he had grown to that 'lifeboat
and it was hard to part him from 1L". '
Finally the ship's carpenter was call-'
ed. he was also an emergency man "on
the spot." With his chisel he enlarged
the hole in the boat's planking and re
leased the man. "With her lifeboat un
fit for service the Gualala- went to sea.
because of a much needed little wood
en plug that could not be found when
the last seconds of a human life were
passing away. . '
The preparedness of men oh board
chip for serious accidents was mani
fested in a peculiar incident which oc
curred on the steamer Gualala as she
was leaving this port for Delmar sev
eral days ago. The vessel returned
faere yesterday and her log tells the
story.
The Benbow airship. weighs about 600
pounds. The gas bag. which is cylin
drical in shape, is seventy-five feet long
and about twenty feet wide at the cen
ter, tapering at the ends. The bag con
tains 16,000 cubic- feet of «as when- in
flated.- The frame of the ship is of
aluminum and wood, and the power is
derived from a ten horsepower gasoline
motor. Momentum Is given to the air
ship by means of two large sidewheeis
or fans, each consisting of four blades
so constructed that they automatically
fold after completing the stroke against
the air and do- not expand until again
in position to force the airship ahead.
ST. -LOUIS, Oct. 27.— Floating " grace
fully in the air at an average height of
thirty feet above the heads of several
thousand spectators, the airship de
signed and built . by T. . C. Benbow. of
Columbus, Mont.,, made what the' in-'
ventor declares was a successful trial
flight in the aeronautic course at ' the
World's Fair to-day. While Benbow
appeared to have absolute. control over
the machine. _ an anchor rope about
fifty feet lone was used, one end of
which was held by an assistant during
the. entire flight. :
Benbow to-night made the following
statement:
This trial was made to determine the fea
sibility of my airship. I had intended making
a trip over -the Fair Grounds, but found that
the rapid condensation of gas was fast re
ducing the lifting power, and In order to main
tain "an altitude I threw out all my ballast.
During the fifteen minutes I was up my airship
lost sixty pounds of lifting power. The airship
was completely . . under my . control and re
sponded nicely. ¦ . . .
I intend, if the weather permits." to make a
practical demonstration of the dirigibllity. of
my • airship to-morrow, and I will malce the
start in the middle of the day, when the at
mosphere is warmer.
The" bids for old junk belonging to
the department were rejected as inad
equate and' new bids were ordered In
vited. _ ' • ; .
The president and secretary were au
thorized, and directed to enter into and
execute a lease with E. Giannini for
the premises adjoining the South, End
Primary School and located ; on the
southeast corner of Burrows and Som
erset streets, for one year for the sum
of $50. It is imperative that additional
quarters be provided for the accom
modation of the pupils attending the
South End Primary School owing to
the- congested attendance.
The proceeds of" the recent benefit
entertainment given by the pupils of
the Cleveland " School ¦ amounting to
$300 25 were turned over to the public
school teachers' annuity and retirement
fund. ; : ; .
City Architect Shea reported that the
flights of stairs rebuilt in the Lincoln
School were so rotten - that it is "a
wonder they held their own ' weight.,
He ¦ recommends that the other three
flights be overhauled. Shea also re
ported that the yards at the Columbia,
Haight. Mission; Golden Gate, Lowell,
Garfield and Henry Durant schools are
in an unsafe condition and new yards
should be built. - He also recommended
that the runways -In the Cleveland
school be rebuilt; "as "the" present ones
are in very .bad shape and , dangerous
for pupils. ; The recommendations were
filed - as there .. are . no funds available
for the repairs. ...:. ;*. " ::* ' . -! -
This makes fifty-two teachers already
appointed this- year from the new
eligible list. 1
Director Boyle was authorized to
have constructed three portable schooN
houses in connection . with -. the South
End and Lafayette Primary schools.
A leave of . absence was granted to
Miss Rachel Meyer, a regular teacher
in the Emerson Primary School, from
October 24, 1304. to the commencement
of the spring term, 1905, on account of
illness.
The Board of Public Works was re
quested to complete the Richmond
School by providing for the reshingling
of, the roof. as recommended by the in
spector of school buildings and the City
Architect. f ' ¦ - . . . '
A • new class was established in the
San Francisco Parental School and
Miss A. Levi of- the Franklin Grammar
School .-was assigned .to take charge of
the' same. '."'..'_ .
The Board of Education yesterday
adopted a resolution providing that the
following named persons, being next
in . order in the competitive examina
tion held June 11, 1904, be and. are
hereby orderfed placed on the day sub
stitute list in the order of their, stand
ing, subject to the usual probationary
period; to take effect November 1, 1904:
Maurice Carey, . ' Louise McDermott,
Mary Patterson, Augusta Zobel, Frank
J. Browne, • Maud L». Jones, Adelaide
Bartlett. . .i
Overdue Ship List
. Increasing in :
Number.
Notwithstanding /This -De,;
vice the Aeronaut Was in
Full Control of Balloon
Directors Unable ; to Fix
Yards and Stairs Eeported
in a Dangerous Shape
NO FUNDS FOE EEPAIES
ANCHOE KOPE EMPLOYED
HugeCargoesFrom
Here to the
Orient..
Places Seven More Eligi
bles -in Exaniination on
the Day Substitute List
Machine of T. C. Benbow, the
Montana Inventor, Makes
iShort Trip at St. Louis
BOARD NAMES
NEW TEACHERS
ANOTHER SHIP
FLIES AT FAIR
MEMBER OF CREW SAVING LIFE STOPS
LEAK IN THE BOAT WITH HIS THUMB
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, ;1 : R1DXYv/;"OGTOBER 28; 1904;
11
RsosgB! S
\n eminent Doctor states
tibat Diimkeanessis Caused jgS
by poor Cooking wsJcazse- j^lk
--¦ •¦;:¦ . . . -**¦ -' '"^ •""" "'- • -'¦ :-:-- -* - :•: - . ¦
'¦ *¦-•"¦¦¦-:.•¦¦¦>•» -.• ¦¦ .': •¦--'..-¦ ' - - -- '¦ ¦¦;.... : .....; ; . '/ . . ' .
¦ - l" I jtftLjt»'w»«i.>tn.e m t "' - - - ' ' * '• ¦ ¦¦'*¦¦• ¦
S AN iP^ANCISCO GAS ? ANdVeLE CTRIC CO^ 415 POST(STREET^
W-. "'. ' - OPEN; SATURDAY? EVENING-^ "C:
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL >
; WANT ADS. - : : ; .
A Coupon, Entitling" You -to" One
: .:' ; : 4 ' Pound /40c > .;.
-topquality;.' coffee of
THE GREATS AMERICAN v
IMPbRTINGVTEA CO.
With Every asc Small Ad
in SUNDAY' CALL.
Sec Small Ad r Page for Further
Particulars.
¦ AT>VF Tt -' rir> '*' : '* < ! < !NTH. -
a ¦¦ jS y aC £A Mn bk ¦ m . qn w
W[ Cut the Can ! j
and compare the quality of B|
H Brand m
a Evaporated m
H Cream B
HI with any of Its Imitations. Bl
Note the difference. See hov H8|
BH smooth and appetizing our»|i
B product is, owing to its J|
Mheaw consistence, which K
3 keeps the bfctter fat equally ||
b| distributed, in contrast with BjaH .
|9[ tho cheap and thin imita- mtj
BSL tions which allow the but- J9H .
j^ja ter fat to rise and form pJjlHL,
raggw unsightly clods.
Pleurisy
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hair
pinner's Wonderful Medicine,
j or your money returned. Price,
i 60c and. $1.00 per bottle. For
I sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
The Homing Aft»
a heavy and rich meal will
be unattended by discomfort
or sickness if, before going
to bed, you will take
Beecham's
Pills
Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c. and 25c
d visit DR. JORDAN'S grcatJ
JSUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
Q Gb 13SHUSZZXn.tttltia7U,l.r.Ctl.^
\ . C The Larmt Antomlcal ttatM in the \
Q mr£ -w - w «*d. Waiumi ox uy uwkk4 A
X K<5 Sfl <••«»«• »••««»»•»* ««r^i tty tX. •Idcu Y
O I SE2 3 b P« a » >" « t! »« Cout. Sit 36 rmx. ©
6 I^^A DR. JGRDAM-0ISEASE3 OF MEN A
\ f ®S i) H Conmlutioa ff and »«Hct)T prtratr. \
0 I Jy%VU T'*"™ 1 *"* per^oMliy or by lener. A Q
\ H <f In tW«in i»8rjr e»j«nndert»Jiej». T
/)»/ II A • Writ* tot P-Jok. PI1LO«OP|V «f A
" * 3 n* BinnutiE, mailss pubs. ( a V
X U if- »»lu»bl« book for m^n) \
V DU. JOBItAJi A CO.. IG5t MnrSet ML.55. F. ('
j^^^rE MENANDWOIViETr.
VAgMjfVttZlHStH Ci«Bl«aforunnatcroi
J&Piir •» 1 •• * d«r>.^M dUch»r?ei,lnfl»tutnatioiis.
£SK7 Qurtate.4 Ifl Irriuttoas or nlceratioij
g*5>.V not to »trl«tar». of ma eons mrmbrnaet.
ff* *i Trim** CntHiM. P&inlsfi, and not ijitrin-
D7»sTMEEVAXSC14EM!SALC3. c«nt or poinonon*
»HlCI!ICJaiUTl,fl^a ««ld by Drof s1*t* #
/Kflk _jiWTjl by »xpr«89, prepnid. lor
XSgS&aSSi&nM »10O. or 3 bottles 12.74.
¦¦ '¦"jftiijljli" if H circala/ lect oa w«tj«t.
V OCEAN TRAVEL.
j>g\gi *»*x. Steam«rs leavo Broadway
VvXV-U^SeV vharve* (piers 9 aad 10.
¦ J&/^ ¦ San Fntnclsco :
f«yci|»t \«M For Ketchikan. Wranspl.
M vBWa I I Juneau - Treadwells. Ha!n«,
1 I \WMra I Sfc»e w *7. etc. Alaskm— tl
\^v \\ Vet/ •• ¦*•• Ocitb * T -12. 17. 22. 27.
• y\t/ No». 1. Chan?- to thli com-
Xw5Sm/ parly's •teamers nt 3eatj!«.
For Victoria. Vaacoxtrrr.
Port . Towusend. Seattle. Tacoma. Erervtc.
South Belllngham. BeUlosbajn — 11 a. m.. Oct.
12. 17. 22. 27.- Not. 1. . Changs at Seattle it
this compasy's steamers for Alaska, and O N
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma. to N. P. Ry. : »i
Vancou-rer to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (HumboJdt Bay) — Pomona. »-a>
p. m.. October IS. 19. 29, 31. Not. a. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. October *. 10. 18. 22. 23. Xl*. x
For Los An«el«* (rt* Part Los Anirtlea ant
Redondo) . San Dteso and Sanu Barbar* —
EanU Rosa. Sunday*. » a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, ' 9 a m
For Lo» Ansele» (via San Pedro and ra«t
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cru*. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayuco*. Port Ilarford (Sa t
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. October 14. 22. 30. Now. -i.
Coot Bay, 9 a. m.. October 10, 15. 2S. Not. j.
For En»enada. Magdalena Bay.. San Jose d»(
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa P.o-
¦alia. Guaymas <Mex). 10 a. m.. 7th each m ..
For further Information obtain folder. RI?hi
ia reserved to change steamers or saUin? da;-«.
TIC3TET OPriCIS — 4 Sew Montgom-
ery Bt. 'Palace Hotel), in Market at.. and Broad,
way wharves. TrelsTht Offlet 10 Mark?: at.
CD. DCNANN, General Passer.ser Ajsat.
10 Market it.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st. wi!i
call for and check ba«ffa*a from hotels an I
residences. Telephone Exchanee 312.
oceamcs.s.co. »^s
S. S. A LAME DA. Jor Honolulu, Oct. 29. 11 a.m.
S. S. SIKRRA. for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Not. 10, 2 p. m.
S. B.'MARJPOSA. for Ta&ltl. Not. 23. 11 a. m.
I.D.SPIECXELS k BE01 (H, Ajti.MSI Olo 543 lir-
tti Fni&t osics 323 Marin si t Pisr 7, Pacil: \i
COXPASXrS QX5XKAIC TSARSlTIiaiTIt)?!
C1RJCCT LINB TO HA VBB- PAB23 -^ »•
E»llln« every Thursday lc»tead ot &J£V{1
Saturday, at 10 ». m.. from Pier IX — WP?
North RlTtr. foot of Morton St.
* Ftr»t class to Harrt. ' $70 and upward. S«*.
and class to Harre. 143 and up wart. OS.V. -
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATatS AXTJ
CANADA. S3 Broadway (Hudson •* bulldlazL.
KiwTork. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. PactCo Coa,t
Acenta 5 Montgomery avenue. San Fraoeiao*, -
Ticket* said by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
STEAMER hTXcORCORAN
Leaves S. T., Clay st..-N end of . Ferry bids,
dally 8 :30 a. m., 3 and ' *S p. m. Sondayv
6:30 a. m.. 8 p. m.. leave Vallejo dally a:M
a. m., 12:20 and 5:30 p. m. Sundays ft p. m.
Far* .25c P. A. O. Co. Phon* Mala 411.
•Saturdays ezeepted. • • ¦
Por XT. S. K»tj T»td ud Vallejo.
Strs. General Friable, MonUccllo and Arrow.
0:43 «m.. 12:80 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m.. 3:30 pC.
m Leave dan Franctsco Sundays 9:13 a-m..
12:30 p.m., 6 p.m., 8:30 pm. Leave Villejo. {
a.m., 9 a.m., 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., 8 pun. i Sun*
days. T a.m.. 9 a.m., 3:20 pm.. * p.m. Pier X
4*. Mlasioo St.: Bhone Mala 1506. HATCH BR03THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; OCTOBER; '2S,, 1904.
12
SMPIiOTMEBrr WANTSP— Male^ — Con.
A' SITUATION wanted to take care of private
place by a trustworthy maa; understands
' gardening, milking, handy with tools; good
horseman and%drlver; first-class references.
Box 3705. Call office. '.
EXPERIENCED and competent bookkeeper
seeks position In the country, preferably with
a mining company: age 27 years; reference*
submitted and bond furnished if necessary.
Box i 3733. Call office. ' ' '
YOUNG Hawaiian gentleman wishes position
in photograph gallery: has had four yeajj*
experience; good ail around man. Box 39»3,
Call office..
YOUNG man. well educated, accurate and re-
liable, experienced In business and bookkeep-
ing, wants position; references. Box J9-1.
Call rfflce. ' . ¦ '.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation around
private place; good on horses; fair gardener;
good driver and handy with tools. H. B-,
. 613 Montgomery. . - - '
YOUNG Eastern man wishes position to work
- ¦ mornings and evenings for board and ~odg.
lag, as he is desirous of attending college
durinst the day. Box 4394, Call office.
BRIGHT, intelligent, handy young man, speaks
• German and English, desires position as por-
ter, lunch man or any kind of work. Box
: 3672, Call office.
YOUNG man and wife want positions; man
first-class coachman, do gardening If re-
i quired; wife a ¦ good cook or second work;
references. Box 3720.. Call office.
YOUNG honest gentleman wants to work for
family where he can make use of his tech-
• nlcal education; college graduate. Box 4334,
Call office. .
YOUNG man. well recommended, with high
¦ school education, experienced clerk, desires
position as clerk, secretary, or stenographer.
Box 3S26. Call.'
A YOUNG man would like a steady place la
country as bartender or wait at -table; best
of references. Address R. E., - 125 Linden
•t. Oakland.
CHANCE front line battle of life to work for
reputation; moderate salary; good penman;
business man; total abstainer ; 28; must have
work or go under. Box 3432, Call office.
YOUNG man, bookkeeper and stenographer,
wishes position as salesman of gents' fur-
nishing goods. Address C C. P.. 2S2O Six-
teenth st. city.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
waats sets of books to keep, opening and
closing books, expertinc accounts, etc. Box
2263. Call office.
POSITION wanted by an all-around engineer,
electrician and machinist; long experience in
mining; has tools; temperate. L. J. DOW.
Folsom, Cal.
COACHMAN or man about place; understands
gardening,' milking: handy with tools; best
references. Box 3765. Call.
YOUNG man wishes position aa porter la hotel
or any kind of work; wages no object Ad-
dress box 1476. Call office, Oakland.
INTELLIGENT middle-aged German, only
few days In country, desires any kind of re-
spectable work; Address box 3893. CalL
YOUNG man, good worker, steady and reli-
able, anything In clerical line. Box 3SS-.
Call office. ' .
WANTED— Position as collector or solicitor;
will furnish horse and buggy. Box 3932,
Call office. -
CARPENTER, reliable, non-union. Just set-
tling here, wants work by the Job, day or
month. Box 3S87. Call office.
BRIGHT and Intelligent young man wants a
position as a schoolboy ia good family. 2127
Center, st. Berkeley, Cal.
YOUNG maa waats position, either salesman.
collector, traveler; best - of references. Box
3838. Call office.
SITUATION by a woodworking machine hand.
rip and cutoff saws, and planer and sander
man. Address W. M., 536 Third Bt *
YOUNG man wants position as candy maker
in smaH retail store; country preferred. Box
3833, Call office. . :
YOUNG roan wishes position as night clerk la
cigar store; best of references. - Address S.
\M.. 152S; O'Farrell st •
POSITION by young man 22 years old. where
there Is good chance to advance; salary no
. object. Address box 4350. Call office.
BARBER of 2% years* experience wishes a po-
sition' In a country shop; strictly sober.
Address J. M. F., 14 Salmon st. S. F. ,
POSITION. by married man, no children, as
foreman on cow ranch. Address box 3714.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED . bookkeeper j waats position ;
city references. . Box 38SS. Call office.
AN experienced shipping clerk wishes position
In small wholesale house. Box 365S, CalL
A- GOOD upholsterer and carpet layer will
work by the day or piece. Box 3614, CalL
UPHOLSTERER wants work; At; city or out
of town. Box 3613, Call office.
YOUNG colored man wishes position as valet;
can shave and massage. Box 8934, Call.
YOUNG man wants steady Job; Is good barber;
4 years' experience. 1418 Kentucky st
NON-UNION carpenter wants steady work la
an institution. Box 3927, Call office.
A TRAINED nurse (male) will give service for
passage to England. Box 3834, Call office.
FIRST- CLASS cook wants work by the day;
best of references. Box 4319, Call offlca.
STEADY and reliable grocery clerk wishes po-
sition In small store. J Box 4312, Call office.
WANTED — Position as stableman; young man-
understands care of horses. T. A. P.. 64 6thJ
BY German gardner as first man. or as man
alone on private place; Al references. ¦ Box
. 2944. Call office.
A RELIABLE man wants position as '. night
- watchman; references. Address L B. 756
Folsam st.
YOUNG man wishes situation as collector. Box
38*0, Call. ' • , . •
BUTLER wishes a position; city or country;
has first-clSss references. Box 3738, CalL
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants position la
small family to do cooking and housework.
Y. IKE. 744 Post »t. .
JAPANESE i boy wishes situation, as school-
boy; understands plain cooking. Box 3641.
Call . office.
A JAPANESE wants situation at housework
-or. help in- kitchen;- wage* $12 or $15 ud
Y. T.. 420 Powell et.
GOOD- Japanese brothers want positions as a
- first-class cook, a waiter and housework. D
S. ABE. 1408 Pine st .
A JAPANESE flrst-clasa cook wants a situa-
tion as schoolboy. HENRY MURAKAMI.
: 121 < Halght st
A JAPANESE experienced cook wants position
in privato family. K. S., 1544 Polk at; tel.
Larkln 3SC2. , , -
A JAPANESE boy waats a position as school-
boy or housework. H. ,TSUDA, care Jap-
¦ ancte Mission. 1304 Pest at. ; tel. Sutter 4132.
A JAPANESE boy .would like to work at
chamberwork or housework anywhere Ad-
Address 1303*4 Castro st '.-'-.* ' .;
JAPANESE. : gentle ' and ' honest boy. ; wants a
position at housework or any kind. In city
TAK A, 350 Jessie st. city. -
— — ——————. — - ¦
IF you want a' Japanese schoolboy ask for me
K. IKEDA; Japanese Gospel Society, 725
Geary at. M&BjBHMBBi$&tKB93mBmi
A JAPANESE cook wants situation as cook or
housework In . small family. , F. . K.. 418B
Larkln St.; tel. Sntter.1066.
JAPANESE wants position as waiter atT tabls
or housework In family. C T. CHARLY.
719 Valencia st. ; rhene 3296. "
JAPANESE .< honest boy .wants .. position » as
t . schoolboy : In a nice family. - A. B.. «1
Minna «t ¦ v ?9ii5QiK43wft l H9!"XBS9bffin9*MfS
JAPANESE ' school . boy: fine cook ; housekeep-
ing;, economy; "wages' $4 week. - GEORGE.
' 2316 California st ,
. ! ¦_ 1 ; _:
A JAPANESE cook wants situation. GEORGE
. D.-Y.." 540 Sutter st;: Phone Black 6582. "
A 7 JAPANESE boy wants situation as school-
boy.;' R. ICHIKAWA. 61 Minna St.
.YOUNG Japanese 1 boy wants place as school-
boy. HAM ADA.*; 1026 Oak st; tel. Fell 115«.
CHINESE, flrst-claas cook, wants position la
; hotel. 1110 Stockton; st
CHINESE, .first-class cook. ; want* position- In
;famlly; $4O up a month. LEM. 715*i Dupont.
CHINESE." first-class hotel cook, wants. a posi-
tion. ,.N. K.. : 911 : Stockton st .':. i
CHINESE wants position as cook In restaurant,
v , city.. 33. Waverly place. .;., y , ,.
CHINESE, -cook, wants position;
t.Z private ' family. ' .: Box ; 3715.' Call office.
CHEAPEST and best tn "America— The .Weekly
' Call, IS ' pages.' sent t to . any address tn ¦¦
, United Btataa or Canada oaa year for IL
X.0DGI5TO-H0USES FOE 3AI.E.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" f nuance,
corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. ltlaclc 3B07.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
$350 DOWN AND $500 IN PAYMENTS.
¦ An especially well-furnished rooming-
house in good location, on sunny .side;
12 large rooms ;. income $60 over, rent;
electric lights; refined roomers; will
¦ ¦- sell at a sacrifice. .
MARION GRIFFIN.
$1450 — 40 rooms; house poorly furnished; forced
sale: good opening for right party.
V . MARION GRIFFIN. .
$2500—50 ROOMS; well-furnished apartment
house; corner; rent $168; business easy
to run and pays well.
;yyy marion griffin,
$2000—38 ROOMS; hotel, clearing $150 month-
ly; very select boarders; owner sick;
will take small roomlng-houee In ex-
change and time on balance.
MARION 6RIFFIN.
$750 — 16 ROOMS; -rent $50; same owner for 12
years ; nice location . for ¦ roomers or
boarders; north of Market.
;, 4 MARION GRIFFIN.
$1009 DOWN and $1000 on time: absolutely
the best furnished 20-room house In
this city: lease for 4 years; furnishings
cost $5000 in June last year; owner
Blck in WALDECK HOSPITAL; buyer
must go with agent from this office.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$400 DOWN and $10 monthly; 24 rooms; -ex-
tra nice birdseye maple; fine carpets;
- apartments; roomers care for their
rooms; 3- year lease; owner occupies
4 nice rooms and puts $61 in bank
monthly. MARION GRIFFIN.
$200 DOWN and $200 In payments of only $10
monthly. WITHOUT INTEREST; 8
sunny rooms; all open on to hall; 6
blocks north of Market; cause, heart
failure. MARION GRIFFIN.
$217 PROFIT monthly GUARANTEED by
owner on a cash Investment of $3000;
no more to pay; a nice, clean, large,
well-furniebed rooming-house.
MARION, GRIFFIN.
SACRIFICE SALE.
$7500 — ISO rooms; one of the handsomest and
most modern apartment houses in this
city; GRAND LOCATION: BEAUTI-
FUL, AL4IOST NEW FURNITURE;
cost $15,000; will clear $7500 yearly;
GREATEST BARGAIN EVER OF-
FERED. Agent from this office will
accompany buyer. Exclusively with
MARION GRIFFIN.
Cut this ad out and when you come to San
Francisco call and eee us at room 406, Ex-
aminer building.
N. B. — Turn on to this proposition the
fierce rays of a powerful Intellectual search-
light and you'll discover no flaw. .
A— CAMERON & COJ Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st, cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances. " .
180 . rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600
per month; close in; full, of nice people:
bargain if taken at once; dissolution - of
. partnership. . . .
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
60 rooms; new. modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date bouse reasonable; sick-
ness.
7-room modern flat; close in; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
82 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine down-
town location; 2 entrances: everything in
flrst-clasg condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
, here is best proposition in city.
2* rooms; rent $145; : new and elegantly " fur-
.nlshed; oak and mahogany; ' fine' proposi-
tion; Rood lease. .
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month ; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good, fur-
niture and carpets ; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial bouse In
city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for
Oakland,' Alameda or Berkeley property ox
ranch In California; | must leave city. .
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and" car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
30 rooms; newly furnished .throughout; five-
year lease; downtown; fine, respectable, mon-
ey-making house; part down, balance reas-
onable Interest ..
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room; long
lease; up-to-date, downtown,' modern house;
electric lights, bell and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished, throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that Is clear-
ing $350 to $450 at bargain;: owner obliged
to leave for Europe to settle an estate; maki
offer ; exclusively with us.
45 rooms, rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order: clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full;'
1 best buy. In city; account of sickness; price
• $4500.- ¦ -. . . ' ,-' -y, .'-.-.-¦;. ¦'-, I
Have new, modern 82-room .house; rent $375;
"electrlo lights, elevator, corner; * everything
up-to-date; owner will exchange for Im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10,000.
Model apartment-house.- 2 and 8 rooms each:
rent Is cheap;- elegantly ; furnished- -5-year
lease; there are , 90 rooms; . everything new
and- modern; you can get bargain " account
of sickness.
34 rooms : cheap rent ; thoroughly renovated ;
air in fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800. - , .
Large list of real estate, rooming houses ' and
- business for exchange or trade always < on
-hand. CAMERON. 3 Eddy stv
HOTELS. . ..:,. -¦¦. : . .
MITCHELL & CO. '. ,
1206 Market st. ' Phone Jessie 2981
' - Rooming and apartment houses, hotels , and
flats sold to suit purchasers: 'titles guaran-
teed. MITCHELL & CO. .
* AN ; elegant residence, v 17 r rooms. ;' charming ' lo-
. cation: rent $C5; reas. Mitchell. 1206 Market
A-^-30-ROOM ' bay-window /gunny .corner; finely
'" ' : furnished ; l\ well established ; ", low rent ; V long
lease; half cash, or will exchange for smaller
bouse;, location excellent \\ no. agent's com-
mission. Box 3638. Call. ..-.- .-• '. y.
HOUSE of : fourteen rooms, well furnished, j for I
' housekeeping. ; , 427 ' O'Farrell •: st - . .:.
CARPET BEATCTQAHP CLEAWrag."
COMPRESSED ¦ Air. and Vacuum Process - used
for cleaning 'carpets on floor without removal:
. carpets '.. and ,': rugs also cleaned by compressed '
air at r shop;!- prices 'moderate. Com-'
• pressed ' Air, . Cleaning Co.;*- 308 ! Market." st ;
¦ phones Main 152 and Bush 479. ' '
.WHEN you " become i disgusted I with S your work
6end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet -beat- •
;¦-. Ing. works.' 366-857; Tebama st'tTel. l i South .40.'
WESTERN, Carpet ! Cleanlng,Worksi = 1809 Har-
- rtson st.: Al cleaning. • 3c.' ¦; FRED HAGE-
7 ' DORN S & CO. : phone Mission ' 22S.»y' ;:y, • : £'.
CONKLIN'S, 1 Superior i Carpet i Beating >. Works,-
. :333 Golden. Gate; ave." ,>, Telephone 'East) 126. ; ,
MITCHELL'S, 1240 Fourteenth^ st— First-class'
v; carpet I cleaning, f 3o i yard.i. Tel.*J Mission ;74.V^«
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning, Co.;*; 402 Sutter at-; '
;>-.teU Main 394. GEO.1WALCOM A.CO.71 Props.-
RUDOLPH '& CO.V carpet-beating works; prices'
. reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel." Mission 263
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental' Reading for $1.
¦The great — ELLSMERE.. ElLsmere — the great
Egyptian : seer, palmist, medium; -the greatest
¦ clairvoyant ¦ In > the : world ; tells • your name/
. 9 what you called for,' whom 'and when you will
.. marry, about. business, etc. ; Ellsmere is differ-
¦ * ent' from other clairvoyants, ' because he does
what they claim to do: things that are beyond
. ordinary understanding, things that seem lm-
- ". possible; he gives you information, relief; suc-
cess, satisfaction, power and control of ' any
• character affecting any one or anything past,
present or future; he tells you Just what you
may expect and what to do for your, beat - ln-
tereets in any matter; bo awakens a natural
force within and around you, giving you a se-
cret power to remove the cause of any trouble,
Influence, unhapplness, disease, poverty, fail-
ure or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens
up a way for success and happiness you de-
I Eire; a.power.to secretly change the thoughts,
actions, habits or Intentions of any one, even
miles away; remember there is no guesswork
when you consult him; if affairs of the heart
or ' emotions of . love interest you,- he gives
exact and truthful advice on all love affairs;
he advises you how to settle lovers' quarrels
... and enables you to win the esteem and love of
ony cne you desire. - ¦: •
' 3 offices. 1007% Market street s 3 offices.
Open Sunday, every day., 10 to 8. Mall. $2.
RICHARD !MAYO,
CLAIRVOYANT. •
' At a glance, before you have a chance to ut-
ter one word, he tells you what you came for
and want you want to know.
- HE TELLS YOU
__. .* HOW TO ATTAIN SUCCESS,
Whether your • present business investments
wlll.be successful. No matter .what may be
your hope, fear or ambition, call on this gifted
man and find relief. His descriptions of -your
friends and enemies are as real as though they
stood before , you. He tells you . everything,
good or bad; you hear the truth and nothing
but the truth. If you are discontented, un-
happy, discouraged, unsuccessful ¦; or in ill
health, call on Professor Mayo and he will aid
you in life's greatest blessings, health, wealth
and happiness. Satisfaction guaranteed or no
fee accepted. . . ¦
READINGS THIS WEEK REDUCED TO ONT!
DOLLAR.
421A Ellis st (Private) Flat. Hours 19 a. m.
. to S p. m.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.
His former $5 reading this week for $1.
PAUL D-5STINE, -
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palrr.ist ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no' charge if I fail to tell your name
and what you want to krow. I tell if hus-
band, wife or sweetheart Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry; in fact, I
will 'tell every hope, fear or ambition better
than you can j tell yourself; I ' will .. improve
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength In mental and bodily vigor
and luck that Insures success in business,
mining and speculation; I Implant controlling
power In your nature so you can fascinate
- ¦ any one you desire, win the one you love,
bring back your loved cne and cause marriage
with th« one of choice. 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
Closed Sunday. . 326 — O'Farrell st-^-326;
MME. M. BERNARD -THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Exam-
iner bide.; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past; re-
veals the present happenings and' portrays
events to occur in the future; if you are in ]
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with j
life . or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
bo told how to overcome them: valuable ad-
vice In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. .Black 4C69.
FROM all sections they come to witness the
wonderful demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would it not
be a relief to know how you will succeed,
to be relieved of the matters that are troub- ¦
ling you and of the schemes of your enemies
that you may meet with better success?. Then
for a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE,
428 Eddy st; three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a.m.-S p.m.
A — Miss M. Wille, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called fcr without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, "|1; hours 10 to 3.
ISMAR, Egyptian Seeress, The Vendome, 1104
Market st, San Francisco. Office hours 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day e\-enlng. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium, born
with double veil and second Bight; tells past,
present, future: 1. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm-
Istry. full life read.jl.jp3 Jones, near Eddy.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm. •
love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c;
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis et. near Market
JIME.' ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. 612% Eddy st; no sign.
MADAME VONSOR, clairvoyant, ' medium,
evening circles, 8 o'clock. 508 Eddy St
MME. , MARSEAU. card . reader; ladies 25c;
gents 60c 545 Minna" st. . -
MME. GABRIEL from the East; palmist, card
•reader. 765 Market et, r. 2, opp. PLelan bid.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
er; readings 25c; 2 to 9 p. m..M2 Jessie st
MRS. RICHARDSON, from London, England
clairvoyant card reader. 313 Ellis; no sign.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 108 6th at. rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st -
- SPIBITTTAXJtSM. ;"V~
ARRIVED from New York. Prof. Fred P. Ev-
* ans, famous psychic for slate writing, clalr-
voyance. Office. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887. '
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market r. 14, Gait House.
MRS. CRINDLE. materializing seance . to-
night ; friends only. 328 Ellis st. ; 50c. y
MRS. LESTER', clairvoyant, medium and life
. reader; clr. ev. evg.lOc; read, dally. .43 6th.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkln.
room 49: readings 1: to 5: tel.- Bouth 319.
A< NEW plate — The Whalebone — CannoTbreak;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c:
plates J5; full set; all . work painless and
warranted. Cftldago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth, i
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
'¦¦_ — No charge for extracting, when plates are
made; old plates made; over like new; teeth
Vtrom-18 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fllllngs,25c
GOLD .fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pa'n; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.HewItt.204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist. r.H.lst
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor/ O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved : from Geary st.
•to comer. Sutter and Grant ave.'.','- '.. - -'¦¦¦'_•¦
ALL work guaranteed - by ' the New York den-
!... tlsts. ,: Dr. Perkins, Mgr., 969 Mission,- cor. 6th.
D^SSMAjraBS^^^SEAB^MSSJES.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. -.1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. '. Stew-
art's button ¦ & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.-
¦'^y _- _j_-__ L '¦ - . '¦
A— THE Lyceum, t an accredited preparatory
- school for university, law and .medical .col-
¦ leges: i rets.' President Jordan or any Stanford
.'- professor; day, evening sessions. ' Phelan bldg. '
E. R. AYRES, . founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has. returned; bookkeeping, penmanship;
' ? shorthand, typing; $5 month; life s scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, ev.t 723 ' Market.:
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting,* the largest
TV'; institution devoted »¦ exclusively, 1 , to dramatic
• ; .' learning In u America: 'r positions": guaranteed.
;, Bend for. catalogue, Native Sons',: building. •;¦- ¦
ENGINEERING— Civile elec.; mln-fmech.. sur-
r.vey, assay,' cyanide; day, eve.; est; 1864. Wan
; ¦-. der, Nalllen . School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A- SUCCESSFUL college;': new. \ large rooms;
=> perfect > light ; .¦ all ¦¦ graduates ¦ are ' getting I po-
y sltlons.s S. i B. Business ; College. ¦> 738 : Mission;"
HIGH- .school" mathematics. 1 coaching; time
:• • saved ' and < study t made easy; ¦ mall ; ¦ evenings.
¦ - 20 Hartford stY ¦ ".'. • ¦; .--;-' / j r
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH . BUSINESS i COL-
'? LEGE, 1282 ; Market : Bt: 1 Send for catalogue."
A— MOVED to > 1281 .Market St.; -large: sunny
K- quarters. -'; .> Western : . Business j College. *••
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col. , ; 602 .Van Ness
"; ave. ; ; positions secured.! HIT, H.vWebster, 5 Pres.'
SPANISH.Frenchjetc.Prof.DeFIllppe'sAcademy
je of languages," 1018 Post; est 1871; ablest profs.
CAL/? school ' : elocution.? oratory. i phy'a.t- culture;,
? • day.- eve. ; Y. M. 1 C.:A> bldg..- Mason ",< & , Ellis.
ZITHER i lessons > given by ' Max Mater, i teacher
r ¦¦ of ? xlther.s' 304A . ; Turk st.1% near > Leavenworth. ,
ARITHMETIC, i algebra. .* grammar, , writing,
,. J etc.V v $5 : mo. ; , private.*; 1281 ; Market stTt r.'.704.'
CHICAGO Business College,*1435 Market— Posl.*
f^tlonsA shorthand."* typing,": bookkeeping; $8 mo.»
JGUITAR,"2 mandolin s; and 5 piano,"'.. $3 >per. f mo. ;
gi mandolin * club." $1: per^'ino.'j;; 828 \ Halght' st. "jV
*ADULT» and i Juvenile^ *classesrriowl open.'; Hln-
M"^ij|a^©c|M^nctag:.\1412 Polk, nr.' Cal.i
FREEH-POUND GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA €0:'S "TOP
SPSTJf ESS JggAHCES — Contlnned.
A— $900— CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth st.. living rooms; rent *30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILK E. 26H Kearny st. - . : ¦ :-¦'¦>
A Jir.uo — Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc.. must be sold at once on
account of death; a very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 28 years as a good reliable
house. R. G. WILKE. 20^ IC^arny st
A— $1600; CORNER clear stand en Ellis st;
lease; a good paying place; location can't be
beat; owner must leave for N. Y. ; a sacri-
fice. See R. G. WILKE. 26"- Kearny st
i A— $900; CORNER saloon. S. of Market; Sixth
st; cheap rent; 4 years' lease; a bargain.
See R. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny st
A— $4000; RESTAURANT and cafe close to
Market and Powell sts.; rent $300; lease;
place elegantly fitted up and dolnc a large
business; best class of patronage: owner en-
gaged in other business; must sacrifice. See
It. G. WILKE. 2C6 Kearny at.
A — $C500; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place thts kind in the State; rare chance.
Call It G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $300; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon:
corner; rent $30; best location; business pay-
ing well. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market st; net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
in alght See R. Q. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— $1600; HARDWARE and plumbing business;
location the very best; established years, and
a first-class paying business. All particulars
R." Q. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A — $2300; TRANSFER aud express bualness; 6
horses, 5 wagons, bus, road buggy, harness
and stock; buslnees established years; clears
at least $200 per month; a rare chance. See
R. Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— $2000; CORNER grocer}' and bar; choicest
location on Geary st; rent $30; lease; a good
paying and old established business; disagree-
ment of • partners cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A — $300; CIGAR Etand; rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. Call It G.
WILKE.. 26*^ Kearny Bt .
A — $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
Ing business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26&
Kearny st.
A — $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.: monthly Income $1000: one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with flrst-claas paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. Eee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $1600: COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39' beds, 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; cloje to depot; In lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2C%
j Kearny st
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daiy receipts about $20; best location north of
Market st Call R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
st; rent $60: living: rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at
A— CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
cummer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing;, completely furnished and equipped-
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and 'modern: accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta.
ble; best coast city In California; 50 stalls;
rent only $75 per month: well stocked with
horses, buggies, harks and coupes: long es-.
tabllsbed and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st
FOR sale — Stationery, school supplies, dress
linings; well located, cheap rent; doing good
business: 3 living rooms; srock will Invoice
more than price asked; sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy St.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds ofT real es-
tate. rooming-houses and business chances.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy Bt
AN Ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city; 7
acres in shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished: 2
bars, dauclnc . pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month:
4 years' lease: sublets for $100 every Sun- i
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 per ¦
year; price $2200. For further particulars
Bee CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best hay, rraln. feed,
wood, . coal, lime and cement businesses in
8. F. : cheep rent: horses and wagons; all
equipments; oresent owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire: guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S00 per month; trial given If
¦ desired: part down.- CAMERON & CO.
FOR t ale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet: all furnished; horse ando
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON" & CO.. 8 Eddy st
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
' J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
$350— PARTNER: must be honest, sober, re-
Uable, Pee BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$650 TO $10,000— Saloons that will stand In-
vestigation. Bee BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny.
RESTAURANT: also delicatessen stores at bar-
gains. See BERG & I*OPP. 318 Kettrny et
$8000— A TRANSFER* and delivery business,
• consisting of new building. 20 horses and 12
wagons, harness, etc.; all In flrst-clasa con-
dition; clearing $300 per month. Apply box
1474. Call office. Oakland.
SALOON for sale; one of the best corners south
of Market St.; long lease; $40 to $50 day re-
ceipts; price reduced on account of ill health.
Call 599 Fourth st .,
$275 — ACTIVE man as partner; established
business; duties easily learned; Bure profit of
$85 a month to each. 632 Market st. r. 6.
A NEW and second-hand book store for $1500;
good business; big stock; well located; cheap
rent. Address box 3622. Call offloe.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale, or will take
a partner; present owner will • do . cooking.
1928 Market st.
BRANCH bakery, candy and notions; nice
clean - stock ;. snap for right party: leaving
city;. bear Investigation. ¦ 1509 Buchanan st
FRUIT and fcroceries; good location ; cheap
rent; 3 living, rooms: good business. Apply
23 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
NEW stock men's furnishing goods, fixtures
' acd lease; account sickness. Address box
1475. Call office. Oakland. - : . .
PARTNER wanted with small cash; estab-
lished business; $75 guaranteed.' BROWN,
83 Mason st - - i
FOR sale— Corner grocery; excellent location;
Btock;. fresh: cheap. Address box 1472, Call
'office, Oakland.*-'-.' ' - . ¦ '.
PARTNER: detective and collection; estab-
lished business; small capital. Room 25, 1014
' Broadway, Oakland. -
FOH sale— Painting and decorating business:
growing town. A.Weber.P.O.boxlSl.MlUValtey
SALOON •:- and grocery i for sale cor. - Fifteenth
* ave and Q st. south; established : 15 years, i
WANTED— A laundry route. Box 3648. ' Call.
MUST sell; . candy ) and ; notion store; 3 living
rooms; reasonable offer accepted. 326 Seventh.
$1400— SALOON on Broadway, i Apply to W.'
S. HARLOW & CO., 900 Broadway, Oakland.'
FINE grocery and family liquor store at bar-
i gain; best location. , 1C99 , Post st.
SALOON license for $250. See ANDERSEN &
PYE. 0:t5 Market St.,, room 1. . ; .
$3<K) — PARTNER wanted;: Market-st. cigar
.: store. Maria Investment Co., 235 Kearny st
RESTAURANT doing a splendid . business for
- sale;- reasonable. Call • 504 : Turk • st. V"
CHOPHOUSE, lunch counter and restaurant to
; be sold to-day; : a gift': 970 Howard sf*
A COR." grocery. delicatessen,' with 2 furn. rms;
rent J15: 3-year lease. :' 1300 Church st
FOR rale— Coiner saloon; good business. . 835
•.. Bryant :sf y , ; ; : '";"•/¦• ¦ y .;."i"i;'
$1000 Tr CORNER saloon; ' good '..location; -; rent
,-;¦. $35.' -:;: Inquire \ 729 '; Mission. ;; cigar, store.
A . BRANCH ; office J of The ; Call ', for S the t recep-
- tlon - of i advertisements ' and ; subscriptions ', has
' been '*: opened •; at - 1008 ; Market ¦ Et..' opposite
¦'"jFifUi.V Open,until 11 p. m. .- .
EDUCATIONAL— Contlnned.
CLASSES In short story writing and ; journal-
; : Istn meet" on Mon., Wed. and Tatars., 2 p. m.,
' 333 Phelan bldg.; . terms very reasonable.
SHORTHAND .taught thorMy by mail and per- j
v sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON' S. 424 : Ptne . st— Night class.
! ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght;
: -individual instruc: all ' branches ; day. eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. ' 925 Golden
' Gate ave..- 8. F.; 75-page catalog on request
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S..IMURA; 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 6231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
- Chinese ,help. 426 Powell st. ; tel. Main 6782.
JAPANESE- Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr.,teI.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese- Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help.' 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years
1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMP^QxTasirr wasted — pemaie.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like poslUon as
cook in Drivate family where other help is
, kept; understands German cooking. Box 3640
Call office. . •
RELIABLE woman wants cooking and down-
• stain, work or light housework; \ carfare.
J. Myrtle ave.. off Larkln Bt.. near Geary.
A YOUNG colored girl would like a position
: as nurscgirl or to do upstairs work; best of
ref erenoes. Apply 1006 Clay st.
•WETXURSE wants place; references. MRS.
B., 14O5B Pacific st. . • -r' r -.v|
"VyANTED — Housework. 651 . Stevenson st
WANTED — A position as working housekeeper.
528 Hyde st _^
YOUNG girl wishes position at second work
.or waiting. Box SC35. Call of flee. -
A GERMAN girl 19 years old wants situation
for housework; particularly as nurse girl for
children 2 to 8 years old; has musical educa-
tion, but does not speak English. Address
box 3930, Call office. . ¦ ¦ - ¦>
FRENCH couple want situations; wife capable
to teach French or housework and husband
. generally useful all around; best of -refer-
ences; city or country. Box 4301, Call.
CURTAINS neatly laundered, ioc up; work
called for and delivered. 26 Dore st, between
Ninth and Tenth, Howard .and Folaom;
phone 922.
NICE appearing young lady, highest ¦ refer-
ences, wishes a position as reception lady
in photographer's; small salary to start.
' Address box 4385, Call office.
WANTED — Work In country; not too far; un-
derstands cooking on ranch;, wages |30.
Call 237 Minna st. bet. Third and Fourth.
RESPECTABLE Russian girl wishes to do
general housework, either first or second; no
cooking. Please apply 24 Freelon st
WANTED — By young girl, position in dry
goods store: no experience; small salary. H.
M., 3C2 Third Bt. •
YOUNG woman wants position;, good plain
cook; downstairs work; $30. Box 3836, Call
offlo*.
YOUNG woman would like to have washing
and mending to take home. 713% Minna
st. near Eighth.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes work by
the day at parties, etc. 933A Jackson st;'
phone Davis 257. ¦
WOMAN wants work of any kind by the day;
SI 50 day. from 8 to 0. or %1 from 8 to
1:30. 737 £; Howard st.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
housecleanlng; $1 60 and carfare. MRS
OSGOOD, 115 Hayes st . . ;•¦;
»
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
good pianist, best of references to character
wants a situation. Box 2949, Call office.
AN experienced —dressmaker, by .the day;
cloaks, suits of all kinds; designing. Box
86, 305 Larkln st,
.WANTED— By middle-aged ' lady, a position
as - working ¦ housekeeper or care of invalid.
Apply 31SV4 Clementina st
A YOUNG woman with *a baby would like. to
wqrk In small family; reasonable wages. Ad-
dress 570 Harrison st
A COMPETENT woman, first-class cook; city
reference. Box 38S9, Call office.
NURSE wants care of invalid by the month.
Box 3028, Call office.
NEAT colored girl; waitress or general house-
work; city references. 2014 Flllmore'st
A CAPABLE woman wishes cooking and some
work: $25-$30. carfare. Box 3605, Call office.
LADY will eo out by the day to cook or do
washing at home. Call 1074 Clay st
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation; city or
country. 644 Minna st.
A JAPANESE lady wants a situation as cook
and housework. Address MRS. MASAKI.
18 Lewis place. • .- • . : . ..
JAPANESE honest girl wishes to do house-
work and' help cooking in small family;
. small wages. .1406 Pacific - ave.
JAPANESE, first-class family laundress, wants
> job. ..T. NOGUCHI. 3500 Twenty-third st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tin
. Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister at -
EMPIiOYMENT WANTEP-.aiAI.E.
RELIABLE, active young man, who • has per-
fect knowledge of English, German and
- French, desires clerical situation; best ref-
, erences; "willing, to go to the country. Box
3C39. Call office. ¦
YOUNG . man, anxious and willing to work
as entry clerk or will clerk and labor; needs
.< work . and will * give faithful service; excel-
lent references as to character. Box. 3898.
vCair office. [ : ' ,-¦ -. '¦ ;.-
.YOUNG married man . wishes position of any
\\klnd; knows city well; understands care • of
• horses; not afraid »of work. Address SMITH
.148 West' Mission et.
YOUNG nian, good appearance and address,
. 7 just : arrived from . the East, wishes position
as ' collector ; or .canvasser; experienced ; best
references. Box • 3645, ' Call office.
EXPERT polisher: -pianos, stair cases and
furniture; don't fall to see A. 'McANDREW,
.traveler, landscape' artist; up-to-date. Box
, 8647, Call.
STEADY, .; reliable German, experienced la
' wholesale and retail wine and liquor business,"
¦wishes position. Address H. ENGEL 3870
. Turk st. . ;
SITUATION : wanted to . take . care of private
• place hy trustworthy man; ' understands
'¦' gardening, horses and milking.' Address J.
H.. 258% Tehama st. . . ; y-
YOUNG.man 20 yearsold would like situation
as stenographer and office assistant; has good
' '• references. Box 3636,' Call office. . ¦ ¦ ,.
A ' YOUNG "man wants . position In > wholesale
•V.bouBe: 2 years'. experience. -Address box 3W3.
Call office. :,-..- . :. ,,
FIRST-CLASS ; French cook wanis situation,
, hotel or cafe. city. Address D., 275 Steven-
¦ son- at.'- ->j .'•¦•'••;-'r t i'."v .-.- ' -• ;y , ¦ -},
A YOUNG man, 19, would like to work in a
machine shep as a helper; 2 years' experi-
ence. .. 8C3>4- Market' St.; - .. -
YOUNG * boy ; would i like office work. Address
. 1510 ¦ Sanchez - st ¦
BARBER wants position. 9 Sutter st.
I WOULD like .work as porter. ; JAMES HAR-
¦;. VRIS. 744 Howard jat. .y : '.;. '.¦¦..¦ ; -•¦.-..-¦'.
A GERMAN, middle-aged . and single/wishes a
' ¦ situation as clerk " In grocery '- store : and bar-
• . room;: good references^ W.^ BOHLING, 417
.- Keamy-st.'.- ;..;..-¦ .;. .•;•_.-".;. - - ¦•
'A ¦„ YOUNG; man whoi thoroughly," understands
• mechanical . drawing desires ; a - position 'as
' draftsman's ; assistant or - tracer. Address
,' : ; box -3982, 'Call- office. ; ' . - - - -
ENGINEER— Wanted, position ¦ by stationary
-\ engineer; : can; handle electrical' \machinery
;.-." , and '¦ da : own : repairs ; = good : references ¦ ; Box
¦;• 39S0. Call iofflce. "•¦•¦"-- '. ,"
I ' SOBER, '.'•' steady ; man;", light " janitor : or porter
1 ¦¦ ; work ; ¦ experienced ; -, housework/ and general
•" cleaning -,v city; preferred. ; Box 1473, Call of-
¦ flce.<Oakland.yy : :-y'r. .vy, . ;.-; ¦
PLUMBER," Independent rand' licensed, .wants
¦~ • work • by s the * day ¦ < or >. week 4 from : property-
;. owner; * has ' all , necessary* shop tools. - , Box
1 GERMAN man who understands farming wishes
' - -^work around ! Ploasanton, -. Healdsburg or Wut-
fi±, sonvllle. . Addresw box 3656,* Call office.'] - ?«.' :.-
;YOUNG ' man- who worked 1 4 years ' In i hardware
»>'8tore ; In ; Germany '.would 'like to have a.poai-
%: tlon i in '. the : same business. 123 ; Sutter ' st • ' '
THE^CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS.... Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN' McXAUGHT. Manager
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish. ,
Publication Of flee.... Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Booms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts.Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Tern* by Mall. Including Poetage <Cash With
Order) : eo nA
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 year...*? ¦<»
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday), 6 mos... 4.w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ™i
EUN'DAY CALL. 1 Year 2^X
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year • 1 :*~
3S-A& }---« £?~Sg
• POSTAGE. J Weekly, i.oo Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. '
Mall subscribers In ordering change of"*^
dresa should be particular to give both NEW
A1CD OLD ADDRESS in cnler to Insure a
prompt anil correct compliance with their re-
CuesL.
OAKLAND OFFICE: _
lUXe Broadway Telephone Mala 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tli8 Oeater Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
fAMXTEL W. WALL., Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Artoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 81
Ccion Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-aveaue
Hotel aad Hcffmaa House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bbermaa House: P. O. New* Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619. >
XEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEN B. SMITH.... 80 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Saa Francisco Call.
earner Market and Third streets; opea until
12 o'clock every night la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street opposite Fifth; opea uatll
¦ 11 p. m.
C27 Montgomery etreet corner Clay: cpen until
9:30 p. ra.
tOO Hayes rtreet: opea until »:30 p. ra.
C39 McAllister Rtreet: open until 9:80 p. ra.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m. v
1941 Mission 6treet; opea until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeaet corner Church aad Duncaa streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore atreet; opea until P p. ra. _
MEETING gOTICES.
OFFICE OF THE GRAND SECRE- a
TART. GRAND LODGE. F. &
M OF CALIFORNIA. /Y\
The Grar.d Lodge of Free and Accept-
ed Masons of the Jurisdiction of California
will hold a special communication In King
Solomon's Hall at the Masonic Temple In
this du- on
SATURDAY, the 29th INST..
AT 12:30 O'CLOCK P. M.
After calling off the Grand Lodge will proceed
to Col tea for the purpose of laying the cor-
ner stcne of the chapel of the new Masonic
cemetery at that place.
The grand officers, past grand officers and
the officers and members of the lodges In
this vicinity are hereby notified and re-
quested to be in attendance.
By direction or the Grand Master.
GEO. JOHNSON. Grand Sec
LA PARFAITE UNION Lodge No. 17. «
F & A. M.— Called meeting THISvy
will meet THIS EVENING. 7 o'clock. /V\
First degree. By order of the W.
M. P. ST. JULLIEX. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. & A-, M C*JLrf
will meet THIS EVENING. 7 o'cIocIp^QP
Third degree. /? >
GEORGE PEXLINOTON, Sec.
6AN FRAXCISCO Lodge No. 360. F. Q
and A. M. (Mission Tempi')— First VV
dejrree THIS iFRIDAT) EVENING /V\
at 7:45 o'clock. Visiting brethren cor-
dially Invited. By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge Xo. 123, I. O. O. .a*ggr*»i f .
F — TMrd depree THIS <FRI -i2«32S£»
PAY) NIGHT. 8 o'clock sharp. *-^S*a&^
Visitors cordially invited. 7^%T
ARTHUR BEHREND. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec. -
CALIFORNIA Lod«<e No. 1. K. of P.. -*£.
nrnu THIS FRIDAY at 8 o 'cloc k. *3«^
Pioneer bide. 24 Fourth st Page
rank. Visitors cordially Invited to jgg85<
attend F. O. MOLL. C. C "^
R. N. McLENXAN. K. of R- and S.
EUREKA Lodge No. 9. K. of P.. 220 TSg»
Golden Gate ave.. meets THIS <FRI-
PAY) EVENING. Enquire rank. ~&*£f
All brother Knights cordially In- JgSS>^
vlted FRED KLEIN. C C.
J. W. C. BEATTIE. K. of R. & S.
6AN FRANCISCO. Tent No. 1«. AfPfiOG^.
K O. T M. — Review THIS /»p*^"'^~S"sCi
• FRIDAY) EVENING at 8 fcf^f ty tj$3
c; clock. Pioneer Hall.' 24 U*M /£\\\&J
Ol * rt D. *B. RICHARDS, V^£j??*3r
Record Keeper. >rgJfiSC^
MISSION Council No. 1010, ijnnji
National Union, m»-et8 T***'!' li^sw
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- >& "* i *«5L
ING at Mission Masonic ~ "**
Hall at 8 o'clock. W. A. HARGEAR. Sec.
AOElffTS WAJTTED.
AGENTS— Also demonstrators (preferably phy-
sician or physical culturist), wide awake, in-
telligent men and women to sell a portable
mechanical hand vibrator, which Is a physi-
cal culture exerciser, exhilarator and wonder-
ful curative agent; the marvel \ of the age;
needed by every one; rapid neller: salary and
commission. Write or call 9 to 9. VACUUM
APPLIANCE CO.. 6 O'Farrell st
IXKLESS fountain pens; r^i..ple 15c; dcz*n
gl 60: retails 25c. VIE* *> CO.. 119 Bush st
ATTOBMXTB-AT-I.AW. y
A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear at ?12 and
Is no rood; for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty; quick; quiet; no money needed-
no pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fe«s; advice free; collec-
tions made. G. W. HOWE, 1122 Market st
W. MATTHEWS. «32 Market st— Consultation
free, private and confidential; no advance
*•«•; business promptly and legally transact-
ed: collections, mechanics' liens, tenants
ejected; probate: loans on real estate- safe
eound Investments at highest rate of Interest
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, blflg
«th floor; entrance room 611; established 29
years; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees In advance or for consults-
Ucn: evening* by appointment Tel. Red 3001.
AA— Divorce; costs «12;qulck. quiet :ad vice free:
all law 'badness: no chsrge unless success-
fnl; open evenings. 927 Market tt. room 301.
ADVICE. free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
corts In advance: all. law business; office
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market it.r.83.
ADVICE free: divorce cortg $12: quick, qvlef
all law business; no charge unless success'
ful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 204.
L. E CLAP.K. 927 Market room 304; consulta.
tJon free; no fees In advance: open evenings.
ASTHMA CURE. ~
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly
1°=. ,«*. «>c. 1002 Market ' St Xlcholai :
also W ishart, 10th and Washington. Oakland."
astrologyT"
ZOBEIDE. astrologer: psychic, occult and as-
. trclcgical readings. 9 Mason st. rooms 1-2.
CI.OTHT2TQ BESOYATIJO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1 ; scouring and
dyeing. Boa Marches Examiner bldg.. r. 4H>;
' t'hont Drumm 44. Call far and ' deliver free.
COIs^CTZOJXfOTTZCEB., .
BAD tenants ejected'for S4: collections made-
city or. country. Pacific . Collection Co.. - 415
; Montgomery st. J rooms "9-10.- Tel. Main 5580.
$700 > BUYS country weekly in growing town;
•. '. one-third down, balance : easy; '. net income
- fftw monthly; * circulation • 400. Address box
3983.' Call Office.
BARBER shop fixtures for sale; two revolving
chairs; 2 stands; 5 mirrors;. other articles;
feortfc f60; st-li at sacrifice. Box 3977, OaiL'
rrKAKCiAii.
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONLo
Secured by the best of income business prov
. erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
Interest.
Send for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO (TNC»
::72 Broadway. Cor. 14th 9r .
v-f^- . Oakland.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid la 94.600.000 09
Surplus 940.301 M
Issues
Six per cent -
Investment Certificate*
At par.
Office— No. 14 Sansome atieeC
Baa Francisco. CaL
WANTED — Tb purchase Realty Syndicate e#r»
tlflcates. MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANT.
107-108 Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
sold; strong Eastern connections; advtoe frie.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 523 Crosaley bldg
FEATS TO I^IT.
A — HOUSES and fiats to let: aa tauaease list:
service absolutely free: take advaatags of
this department; It will save you time aad
, trouble. Cordes Furniture Ox, 245-53 Geary
it., on the square.
CHEAP rent — Oreat bargain; new B-room flat
for rent. 923 per month; sun all day; new
furnishings for sale. . Purchaser has advan-
tage of 9150 paid by present tenant. Apply
Sterling Furniture Co.. 1030 Market «t.
PAGE. bet. Webster and Fillmore — 932 SO; u>»
¦ to-date 6- room flat; fine view; good neigh-
borhood; a snap at the price. BALDWIN <fc
HOWELL. 25 Post st-
ONE new, elegant top flat.- 6 rooms and bath;
marine view ; rent cnlv 927 SO. Southeast
corner Buchanan and Filbert sts.
MASONIC ave.. 1368. near Halght— New flat.
6 rooms and bath; fine location; rent 930.
SEVENTEENTH, 8797, corner Sanchez — Flat,
6 rooms and bath; rent 923.
FLAT of 4 rooms; all Improvements; 913 per
month; gas and electric light free. 43% Noe.
NEATLY furnished, sunny, corner flat, four
rooms, bath; rent 920. 199S Oolden Gate ave.
FINE, sunny, upper flat; marine view; •
room*, bath. S.E. cor. Broadway and Jones.
CENTRAL, modern flat; ft rooms, bath. 1030
Sacramento »t.. above Powell.
LARGEST l!«t of bouses and fiats to let. Catt
on LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery sx>
93250— ELEGANT, sunny, new 9-room flat. 1
Moct north of Market. 163 Noe st. nr. 13th.
riATS TO IJT— VUBHISaPBP.
FLAT — Three rooms; bath: piano; complete for
housekeeping; no children; 925. .332 Hayea.
riATS FOE SAIiE— 1* U2UTCSH2ZD .
MODERN sunny, large 7-room upper flat. Car-
pet, linoleum, hangings newly furnished
from Sterling 10 weeks ago. 917 Jones, nr.
Bush.
FOR sale or exchange— Nice furnished flat. 7
rooms asd bath, cheap. 1389 Valencia st_
FURNISHED flat". 3 sunny rooms to let or for
sale. 430 Tebama st.
HOWARD, 1130}i— Furniture from a sunny 7-
room flat: must sell; reasonable. ...
CHARMING sunny corner, six-room Cat. com.
plete: clears 915. 494 Eddy st.
" * - *— * ruMfiTgM! yoa ham. -
AT 720 Ashbury st ; mahogany parlor, golden
oak dining-room, oak bedroom furniture;
special bargains to buyers; no dealers.
975 WORTH of furniture for 97 BO down. %l 30
N per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
nlture. carpets, etc. 732 Mission; tel. Bush 813
V V aJ>i IT U H.H WA2ITITD.
""~~ aSTlett!
Salesroom. 1135 Market st TeL Jessie 791.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
cltnre, etc.. until yoa get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent tnoro for furniture thaa
dealers or will sell on commission. L. R.
BURP, inc.. 163ft Market: phone Jessie 233ft.
toij jv^ima}— rEMA^.
3 cooks . . rrrr^y. . . .?. 7^..7...y.. ~. i . .930^933
2 girls, housework, Alameda 930
Maa aad wife for dairy ranch ..930
2 chambermaids and laundresses .....930
Two dressmakers for Los Angeles.
First-class laundress. San Mateo. ........930
» 2 second girls. ..............929
Chambermaid and waitress, country botaI»92S
3 nursegirls .920-125
Wardrobe woman for orpbaaage....- 920
French or German maid aad seamstress. 923
4 cooks for ranches ...923
Seamstress, for Institute 920
Cook fcr Benida 923
And a large number of girls for housework.
* 920. 925. 93O. Apply to J. F. CROSETT *
CO.. 334 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS for Institution. Oakland. 923 and
found. CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third at.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hair dressing.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to a
In 2 weeks; tuition 95 to those entering bow:
three positions to fill Immediately; position*
guaranteed at ' 910 per week up; leading
school In Weat. 233; Geary St., room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn mllllaery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish: In one month tor 93; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaraateed at
910 per week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches halrdresstna;.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours*
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recognized college of Its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at r»-
duced price*. 133 Powell st. -¦
WANTED— Flrat-class alteration hand tor
skirts and Jackets. Apply superintendent's
office. The Emporium. .
RESPECTABLE Protestant American or Ger-
¦ man lady to assist housework la exchanga
for home cemforta. Box 3632. Call office.
WANTED — Trimmer for silk hats and' plush
sewing. COUPLAND. CO* Merchant st
YOUNG girl to assist with baby, etc.; good
home. 3030 Seventeenth st ¦ ¦ -
3 MANGLE girls experienced In folding. Ap-
ply at SHKERiyS Laundry. 760 McAllister.
WA NTED — A young woman to learn , florist
trade; call after 6 p. m. SU Sutter, st. >
- — ¦ i -
i WOMAN for cooking and downstairs work:
must be competent; wages 933. 178 Belve-
dere st.' • between Frederick and Waller.
Clayton and Col« sts. ¦
WANTED — Ladies to do piecework at home;
steady employment; good pay; experience un-
necessary. Call Emma Spreckels bid?.. 927
Market st.. room 401. •
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators oa
overalls, coats and Jumpers ; steady work.
LEV! STRAUSS & CO.. 32% Fremont st.
Apply to Mr. Davis. -
STEADY girl to assist In bakery. Cor. Union
and Masoa sts.
HSI»P WAJTTEP— MAU.
A— PACIFIC AND CONTBACTORS*
EMPtOTMENT AGENCY.
¦635 Washington st. Phone Jamea 3301
Free. fare both ways, south.
4 bricklayers, big Job.
Foreman bricklayer, see boss here.
3 woodchoppers. for large gold mine.
4-ft. pine wood, 91 50 cord, see bosa here.
Blacksmith, mine, south. ' $90.
3 teamsters, near city. 92 25: 5 laborers.92 25.
Stecgrapher. : city office $3O to start. ' ¦
L. H. CUTTING & CO.
I 'AT INDEPENDENT EMPLOYM'T AGENCY.
¦ '.-¦ Phone James 5578. . 612 Merchant st
4 good single-hand miners,' 93; 8 hours.
2 carpenters, company work. ' ,
10 laborers/ 92; company work; long Job and
- increase to good men.
Foreman for concrete work.
Concrete workers, ¦ company work.
Stable men. city. 960.
Waslwrs. 960 to 975. \ , '
¦ Harness-maker. 93 ; steady , work.
¦ ¦ - » .
BOY. 17 to 20, for office work;. must undef^
• stand shorthand and typewriting; good posl-
i ytl6a.'*, - Apply 1016 Broadway, Oakland, be-
i -'tween 8, and 9 a.m. . ¦ • ¦ ¦
BOY, with a little experience la butcher shop."
10D I Washington st.THE' SAN} FRANCISCO :0ALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER^: 2Sg;i 904;
13
E_|¥^^h'C!5 • :. A Coupon Entitling You to : : B-?¥^¥-?M— 5
1 KI-JL One Pound 40-Gent - — — *-
Imported and Scientifically Roasted, and Is Perfection
• of Quality in Coffee; On Sale at the 100 Stores of the
Great, American Ii__porting Tea Co.
Your Choice of a Pound of
Mocha, Java, or Mocha and Java Blend
FREE With Every 25-Cent SmaU Ad in
NEXT SUNDAYS CALL
The Coffee vv^e offer you is the very best that
:-"j- t 40 cents can buy in any part of the "world, and none
*^ could be fresher, for each day the stores of the
S. GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO. are
** replenished and the Coffee only ground on receipt
tVj ' .
*^ of your coupon, thus retaining until almost the
*^ moment of use the volatile properties that character-
~k Not alone do, you secure a pound of the purest/
o freshest, high' grade Coffee on the market, but you
V" receive in addition from the GREAT AMERICAN '
A IMPORTING TEA CO. an EXTRA PREMIUM, ;¦ entitling"
P P you to a selection from a thousand articles of Glass-
ix. ware, China ware, Plateware, etc., any one of which ,
E .. would cost you from 15 to 20 cents.-- Our offer this
M week therefore means 55 to 60 cent values for a
. ''- " " ..¦":"" .¦¦ '' ' ' ¦ . ¦' : ,¦* '.. -¦ '-¦¦ - '¦ ¦' . -.¦•* \ -.'-> • . ¦ •. ' ' ' - t ' ' ¦
IN THE WHOLE SERIES OF PREMIUMS OFFERED OUR
THE PAST NONE HAVE COMPARED IN VALUE TO THIS ONE : : :
Any one bringing a 25-cent Small Ad. to our office
THURSDAY, FRIDAY OR SATURDAY
Will receive FREE a coupon, good at any one of the fol-
lowing stores for a pound of Coffee and an Extra Premium:
861 MARKET S __EET 213 SUTTER STREET 1419 POLK STREET
140 SIXTH STREET 1819 DEVISADERO STREET 705 LAEKIN STREET?
475 BLAIGHT STREET 3006 SIXTEENTH STREET 146 NINTH STREET
3285 MISSION STREET 521 MONTOO—BY AVE_TU_ 355 HAYES STREET
2008 FI--M0RE STREET 2516 MISSION STREET S3 MARKET STREET
366 T-CXBB STEEET 469 FOURTH STBEET | 206 THIHD STBEET
2732 TWEJTTY-POTOTH STBEET
1053 WASHINGTON STBEET. OAKLAND 1355 PABX STBEET. ALAMEDA
1510 SEVENTH STREET. OAKLAND 2141 CENTER STREET. BEB_E_irr
1185 TWENTY-THIRD AVENUE. OAKLAND 823 POUBTH STBEET. SAN RAPAPT
616 EAST TWELFTH STBEET. OAKLAND . "^ — — TAEJU
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, Third and Market Streets
Oakland Office - - - 1016 Broadway
—Manhattan" loan "«)mpany > *'(_c.)—
¦ . any amount to loan...' ..
....interest 5% and 6 per cent....
CITY, OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
,;. PROPERTY ..............."
. Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests In property
purchased.
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY..!..
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.: phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
• t; Save ' expenses by dealing, directly. " ¦ ',
Estate,' second ; mortgages, undivided : inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust, -
etc. ; lerwoles, life estates and. undivided in-
terests in property purchased. . • "• ¦ ¦
Courteous treatment* - Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money. ViV
See HERMAN MURPHY. .' V
v WILL LOAN ~~! ~ r "
' - A reasonable amount on
'. : ¦;-->' ¦ 1st 2d or 3d
•- Mortgage, ; on real estate or
. ' ' Chattels, in city, town :
.'.or country.
-¦' "¦•¦ "r'f Low) rate ¦¦ of - Interest
;v.i - Give full particulars
' of property. or chattels. .
• - - •- V'- Location. • etc.
.".,-....--.:, Box 490, Call office.
SALARY- LOANS— ' ' ':
•; Money loaned salaried people without : secur-
# ,. Ity. or, indorsement knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call i and get terma ¦ Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
A— ON furniture or pianos at' lowest rates; ; no
• ' removal ; ¦. no ¦ publicity; • also '- on ' real '. estate ;
lft or 2d mortgages or on any security; .any
_-. amount ¦ O.I W. BECKER, 3B Geary, room 36. '
MONEY i loaned ' to salaried people.' retail ' mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses,-;, without
. security; ! easy, payments; 'large business la 46
cities. 653 Parrott bldg."*-
HIGHLY i respectable i private f place '. to"' obtain*
• i liberal -. advances 'on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
t • per ? cent •- Interest V' Baldwin * Jewelry > Store,
.006 Market;. teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
YOUNG ?_:CO.Vi room 637 Parrott; bldg., loan
':- money ¦ on :¦ furniture, ¦-' pianos, , etc, ; at about :
half, the 'rate charged by other people; mort-
¦%Z. rages at high rates and leases paid off. • %
¦A—THE - Portland 'Jewelry Co., 25 f Stockton st,
;. -¦ loans ¦ money on diamonds.' valuables, etc; ; at
¦:; 2. per centiper. month. .-," ••-:. ; - . -.. ¦
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities,
f? i $25 ! up, • without ; removal."!. The North f Amert- .
-;• can ¦ Realty and Bond Co., 1 60 Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN : OFFICE. 907 Market • s_ :
• ': « ', LOANS FROM • $1 TO $10,000.^ \}
' MONEY.^chattels,' other" propositions.^ Bannan _"
HalL~room 1213 Call bldg; phonejMain , 3214.
DON'T ¦'¦ borrow -3 money on salary s j until you see
us.. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.'.
naSCEMA»-bTTS— FOB SAXS^gon.'
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S.. 137 Mont-
romery st.. room 12. upstairs. - ' .'
H. ANDERSON, 28 O'Farrell st— Theatrical, .
masquerade and carnival costumer.
FINE talking polly and canaries for sale at
559H Minna st . ¦ ' '.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 523 Market st
Wallpaper. 3Hc; paint $1 gal.; palntinr. whlt-
. enlng. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel.Steiner 3671
G00.000 FEET lumber, being wrecked, for sala
cheap. Phone Capp 3905.
SAFES and cash registers, new * and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1325 Market st ..-¦
BARGAINS In 2d-hand cash registers, Includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed; terms. > 14 Turk st
2D-HAND bldg. material: ' lumber, door, sash,
/ plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt.'
FULL line of. drummers' samples in ' grips and
trunks: for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st:
AN elegant _ sealskin for 'sale for $75. •- SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring : $50: terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
ELOT machines, all kinds: - lowest prices.' Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
ROOMS, papered, $4 up: -tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co... 819 Third; tel. Main 413.
DESKS bought sold : and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures.* magic lanterns, sale, \ rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New ~ and second-hand. THE ... HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery . if.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
; all slses. J. ~ E. . DO AK. 48 Fremont • st ' ; ;
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly, CalL
,16 pages. In wrapper, for. mailing/ $1 per year.
.. _ M— 3CXLI uAUX OU3 WA8T8.
AAA— Highest prices for ladies," gents' : casto-
dothlng. . TeL Davis 825. ; 650 , Sacramento , st
AA — BUY any amount rood 2d -hand ladle?" &.
men's clothes. 922 Folsom;. tel." Folsom. 3522..
drASOLINE engines.' pumps,' plpe,'>etc. ."¦¦ Box
3659. Call 'office. -¦..-.--,.'.-¦- , : ''^
DIAMONDS and . precious - stones - bought f for
':cash.- KARL EBER : &.CO..'room 406,?A^^
¦ tms bldg.V 206 Kearny st. ; phone Black 303«.
WANTED-^-l two _' horsepower •. sweep. . ; Room
V 1408, Call building. ;? :,-, •-,
WANTED — A : meat ;T. refrigerator, "¦¦; about 5< 8x7
j feet; , must ! be cheap. : : Box '_ 3867,'s Call i office/
. Levy' A.Redler.'i highest priceTfor gents', cast-off
i clothing, ehoes; tel. Red 1544.' 615 Washington
TILTON. wants rood second-hand. clothing and
: theatrical goods. 154 9th st ; tel. ¦ Jessie 2851. ;.
-TUSICAL IITSTItTJ-rEirr-— -Conti-ned.
EEAUTIFUL' new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month;. one. year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
OrriCES AHD STOK— S TO LET.
! STORE TO RENT.
; i FIRST-CLASS LIGHT. SAMPLE- ROOM
OR SALESROOM; 120x37:6; FIRST FLOOR;
$75 A MONTH. APPLY 400 MARKET ST.
ELEGANT offices;- new Italian- American Bank
: bid-.. SE. cor. Montgy. & Sacto. ; light and
sunny. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgy.
"REXRADIO" cured me In one day (2 treat-
ments), of raging "Typhoid. Fever,"- Knott,
112 Fell — "Cured me promptly,. of agonizing
life-long gastritis. . See me" (name at office).
— "Cured me (one treatment) of 17 years* to-
tal deafness, so I heard Whisper at 70 feet."
(Name given.) — "He loosened all my locked
'anchylcsed' Joints, one treatment,' Mrs.
Knowlea; see me."— Another ' "deaf • mute"
instantly heard and spoke; many witnesses.
783% Market st. .
IA LADY from one side of whose face I have
• harmlessly removed wrinkles can be seen at
Union Drug Co., Stockton and O'Farrell sts.
"Hints on Health and Beauty^' free; costs
nothing to call or write. M. ELLA HAR-
RIS, Pharmacist, 12S Geary st.
! A— MME. GILLINGHAM.
I DERMATOLOGIST.
I Has removed her parlors to 143 Stockton St.,
Union-square bldg., over Regal shoe store, opp.
City of Paris, room 16, where she will continue
to treat ber patrons for all facial blemishes.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth.stops falllog.cures dandruff
.and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists*. hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Pol*.
DR. ROWELL' S Fire of > Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A BROWN, 40 Turk st.^ S. F.
BEST on earth — Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured; $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO., 330 Grant ave.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousera at CHARLES LYONS'. London
, Tailor. 721 Market st
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
. FURNITURE CO., 340 Post St.. near Powell.
FANCY and siik dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1S99. ' 2122 FUImore at.; phone Geary 2063.
CLOTHING cleaned, 'dyed, altered and re-
palred. 867 Geary st.
MRS. HOLSHOUSER, 820 Starr King bldg.. 121-
G— ry st. — Oxygen, electrolysis, massage.
MRS. DR. GWYER. BllA~Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. TeL East 687.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors, 729 Market st
ELEGANT suit- to order, extra pants or fancy
vesta, for $14 75. . Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
EAST Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt
$1 a — eek; su!U to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market at., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st
ONE dollar weekly keeps yqu in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. Itt44 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs
Eaton. 369 Satter. Miss Eaton,233 Geary, r. 38.'
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1810 Sutter at.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
I Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wirs'
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Eryptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color;$l at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
¦i&x*.':: ¦ ¦¦ PATENTS. > „,. ,: ~ - - ;
'INVENTIONS patented F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hofrart bldg.. 532 Market «*.
PHYSICIAN'S AND STJBQEO-TS.
™bJ?:, C w
1021& Market st; bet. flth and 7th .particu-
lar attention paid to diseaaee of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases % specialty
DR. BALL. 1O73& Market at .
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of- the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leaven worth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 748-8 Clay st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Ca U.
16 page*. In wrapper, for malllnr. 81 per year.
¦ PtrBC—AST-TO- AG-XTCZ— S.
CLARA E.*JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
¦ try orders a specialty; correspondence soliclt-
ed. 305 Larkln st. room 49; tel. South 319.
PB0POSA_|S. ;
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Notice
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men:
. 'Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for an addition to the
Harmon gymnasium, on the grounds of the
. University of California, at Berkeley. CaL.
and said bids will be received at the office
of the Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at or
before 12 o'clock noon of November 5. 1904.
No bids will be considered unless accompa-
nied by a certified check or bond of bidder in
' favor of. the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid, with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said bid be accepted the bidder will duly
enter Into a proper contract and give bond
faithfully to perform the duty and obligations
In ' accordance with said bid and with the
- plans and specifications which are hereby re-
quired to be a part of such contract. The
right to reject any or all bids la hereby re-
served. By order of the Committee on
Grounds and Buildings of the Board of Re-
gents. V.H. HENDEKSOX, Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for construction.— Office of Con-
structing Quartermaster. Walla Walla
Wash.. October 28th. 1904.— Sealed proposals!
; In triplicate, . will' be received in this office
1 until 10 o'clock a. m., November 30th. 1904,
and then opened, for the material and labor
.. required in the • construction of •• two double
. eets of brick barracks (two companies each)
i at Fort Walla Walla. ' Wash. Information
and blank forms will be furnished upon ap-
• plication to this office. 'The right Is reserved
to reject any or all bids, or any parts
thereof. Plans and specifications can be seen
. - at this office,- or that of Chief Quartermas-
ter, Department of California, San Francisco,
.and Quartermasters at Boise Barracks,
Idaho; Portland. Oregon; Seattle and Fort
.Wright. Washington. All bids must state the
time of completion. Envelopes containing
proposals should be indorsed "Proposals ¦ for
' public buildings. Fort Walla Walla.' Wash.."
.and addressed to NOBLE H. CREAGER,
¦-¦ Captain and Quartermaster, U. S. A.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. October 25. 1904.—
Sealed ' proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
. .ceived-here until 11 o'clock a. m.. November
9. 1904, and then opened for comoleting cer-
tain ' Items of - construction, * plumbing-, heat-
'lng and ga» tit tln_ in new brick' hospital at
Fort . McDowell: • California, in accordance
' with ' plans ; and : specifications. Government
reserves the right • to reject or accept any or
all bids in whole or In part Information
' furnished on application to W.M. S. PATTEN.
: Assistant Quartermaster General. Chief Quar-
term— ter— . v ' - '•¦¦-.
- 3TOSAO- A3rp^~WAB_HOXJ__3.
TO lease for term of years, building for stor-
age and mfg. purposes: must be strong. , suit-
able for heavy work;, well lighted; about 100
; : feet ' square ; ; 3 ; or 4 ... stories and basement.
Box 3633. Call office.. •„-. ¦
A— EMPORIUM Storage — Van Co.; furniture.
* household roods stored.: moved, shiped. • 725-
781' Howard , st," nr. Ttty-d; phone Grant 18L"
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st;
. phone Mint 2941: JOHN F. COOPER, prea, ;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving ' Co.; of-
-- flee : Post and ' Powell sta. ; ; tel. ; Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S " Storage — Furniture ' and merchan-
: dlse. . 333 i Golden Gate ave. : phone East 129.
GOLDEN WEST Stonure: advances made. 840
. Mission st. ; : teL Howard 941. I . W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and ; Furniture Moving " Cbm-
;; pany. * 2320 FUImore st: phone Jackson 281.
BE KINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
;: st ; ' teL . Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pagts.- In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
_ x __ w x— IT_!_US AND . SUPPLIES.
! AN exceptionally good, No. 2 Remington. No. 1
• Smith* Premier,', $25;- ; other typewriters ' at
' higher.; and lower ' prices : . rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. / 538 California st
2D-HAND " typewriters T sold, - rented, repaired.
- . Webster Typewriting Inspcc, Co., 508 Market ,
ON salaries, insurance policiesrc—tt^Tmort-
gares. diamonds, valuables, etc ITVITTrr*
t n1_r^_k^ TRUST ?- >VEB»?g
Oney ' oaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.,623 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 ud- auick.
quiet. copfldentiaL 26 Montgomery 'stl. rS! 21 .
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
junv Indorsed notes and other security S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low tatere-t; gold, silver
ai^^H^irHAiy^i^rsr 81 "-" 1 .
MONTE?? loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry;
. confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.,722 Mkt!
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employee. '. Room 311. Mntnal Sav. Bk.1. bldg.:
ALLloans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. ?. 8. F. COUateral Loan Bank. 633 Kearny.
8 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal-
no com. V.TRKMAIN. room 81. « Eddy st
; CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorter.MORRELL, 600 Examiner building.
20 : PIANOS must be sold by Oct. 1 ; to ; dls-
» -' pose of these ' hish-grade instruments in- the
few days remaining-, prices have been; cut
ridiculously low and easy ' terms can be •' ob-
tained ; ¦: such <• well-known , makes as Draper
' ; Bros.; ; Stodard,'. Wlntermuth" _ Co,, Stanley
A Sons * are : offered for ¦¦- $133 and $146 for
' both mahogany, and ' walnut ' cases* ¦ a few
squares at $25. and $35 each; Simplex Piano
Players : at $125 , and ¦ $150; this Is positively
, \ your . last ' chance ; first come first served ; no
reserve. 769 Market st., second floor. ;
A FEW; GENUINE UPRIGHT. BARGAINS:
Mussaxd— Small upright, fine order. ;
Fischer— Fine » order, % very t reasonable. ' '
1 1 Eterltng— Mahogany _- case ; , used •¦ 1 year.
: Chlckerlng — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany . case. 8 pedals. . like ; new.
,- from $85 up; easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ - SON. 18 O'Farrell it, '
RARE '• for ' sale; • Franceaco ,' Ruggert.
. : Domlnicus *"¦ MontaguaLi, -'¦. Sebastian •' Klots '
i; Ceasar. Gigli.^ , HERMAN ' MULLER, violin
. maker,': 2 Latham . place,'; S. F. - •- : ;.
ELEGANT. $400 piano for $150; private party.
*-:801jEddy?st.A ..¦-,:' -'.¦-¦ •.---,'. -;:.-. ¦£. - . r
$90 — UPRIOHT - grand, nearly new ; , a snap. '
HORNUNQ. 218 McAllister st.
A PRIVATE ¦ party left Fischer : upright . to be
sold;- $135. ,v 237 Geary ;a_M' ¦¦,".- '
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ocellan 'piano
¦¦•> player.;?; BYRON - MAUZY.T 308-312 Post , st. ? ,
NEW; upright ' pianoe '", sold *bn' $5" monthly j pay-
i;* ments. *:\ SCHMITZ ;_ \ CO.; U6 * McAU Uter ; at.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
• ' '; Shonrnger/; little used. " Keeffe's, 285 CFarreU
EEIJ?_\~AHTED--S__.E — Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634
I'hone Main 5S48. '
Leading EnipJoyment and Labor Agents.
We tpoak the German, French. Italian. {
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish Slavonian and
Danish larjruages. ' ;
19C3 V.> Gave 1904 We Hope to '
O0.OU0 Men Wcrk.- Increase CO, 000 !
STUVEB MINES COPrER j
Diacksmlth. placer mine. $C0 fd.; carpenter. I
coin*, north, $«• fd.
CX)AL MINE. ;
PTATE OF WASHINGTON.
50 coal miners, company guarantees $3 te !
f3 75 day can be made; good accemmoda- '
tions; part fare refunded. '
Porter, bakers, city. $S week. j
.*« bakers" h<-lp«r». city Jobn, $—5 to $40 fd. J
I'lumber, cltr Jcb, #4 to $5 day. :
10 carpenters, $^ to $4 day. j
PLUMBERS. I
*» plumbcrf. fare j>ai<l, north, $4 day; 4 bench :
hands; O cabinet-makers; 3 iron molders; see
bow here. $3 50 day; _ brushmakers; 3 paper ;
hangers, city. t
MURRAY - ItEADY. C34 and 636 Clay at. "
10 LABORERS, near city, steady. $2 &*y. •
Stableman, country stable, $35 and found. I
2 xrien to build fences by contract. I
COOKS. WAITERS. »
BVTCHERS, ETC. '
Gertuan cook, countrj' hotel, $50 and found. ,
6 other cooks. 5 waiter*, l* dishwashers, etc •
WOODCHOPPERS. ',
10 mm to chop stovewood. north, gcod long '
jcb. fare ?2 f>0, $2 cord. ' J
Handy man for ranch. $30 and found.
MARRIED? !
Worklr^ foreman _n_ wife for ranch. $60 fd. {
Married fanner, no work for wife. $30 fd. i
Farmer and wife, Oeg-cn, $40 fd
— FARMS— DAIRIES — «
: j .O r!ow tean-.f ters. $30 to $05 and fd. ; 10 gen- '
er_l fam hands. $20 to $30 and fd.; 10 milk- !
ers. city and country; 10 choremen and !
chor»bo>-s; tK^ys for grocery stores, city Jobs;
boys for factor! e*. i
MURRAY -r READY. 634-636 Clay St. i
BOOKKEEPER. COUNTRY~STOR_7 j
Middle-aged man to keep books and do etcn-
orraphy. ',
MURRAY _ READY, G34-636 Clay st.
________
Blacksmith. Santa Clara Co.. $10 week fd. '
10 raen to chop wood and grub land. I
Milker. Pasta Clara Co.. $40 and found.
Carpenters for rourh work, city, $2 50 day. I
TOOL FHARPEtNER " .
MINE.
Tool sharpener, mine, $3 B0 day.
Blacksmith, fare 10c, $2 25 day.
Teamster, city Job, $_ day.
3 hardwood trimmers south, $3 50 day.
STEWARD. !
Steward for officers' mees. largre company,
$50 found.
2 tin—ere, city, rood wages; 3 errand boys,
$4 and $6 week.
Man aad wife; man as cook; wife general
work, $50 found; private plac*. city.
5 ITALIANS
To c_t cord wood, T.Oc fare, pool wares.
Worklsgr foreman, ranch, south, $35 to $40 fd.
CONFECTIONER.
Flrst-clast? confectioner, city. $75 to $85 fd.
FARE PAID — OLD MEXICO.
Soap—iaker for old Mexico, $40 to $50 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
£08 Market st.. room E_i. fifth floor.
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
' Clerical Help Furnished Free to Employers.
Bookkeeper's assistant .$15 to $_5 wwk
Etenographer $15 week
Manaper department store $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week'
It ug clerk ...$12 week;
Cttcker fl5 week!
Timekeeper |15 week,
Accountant .....$15 to $25 week ,
Collector $15 week i
"Floor manae^r .118 week!
Two shipping clerks $15 week
General office work $15 week!
B_r.k clerk (bond required) $25 week j
t Young man learn dectietry '.$10 week
8&S Market st.. room 325. fifth floor.
AT HORD & SMITH'S. "
Contractors' Arents. 85 Third rt.
FTiEE FARE.
Teaiasters, $3 — Railroad work — teamsters, $2.
FREE FARE.
Goo<i waiter, good cami>. 20 miles out.
A ma dor County, teamsters, $2.
Eutj<? County, laborers. (2-
IVjirber pll-en^ north, $2 T5 to $3.
Man who understands dyeing, cleaning, etc,
fI5 to g-O.
ETENOGRAPHER and typewriter. $3 day. 4
house c_rptnt*Ts. country. $3 a day; 8 slngle-
i__d miners. $3 (Jay; married blacksmith, $63
to $S0 month; jackscrewer, $45 and board;
fwiinpfr, Sib and board; farmer and wife.
JTrft end found: errand boy. $4 week: dairy-
men. $40 and found; fanners and others, i
J. F. CROSETT — CO.. C28 Sacramento st. j
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12 —
Bellboy, -resort, $15. ¦
TEVO educated rentlernen for solicitors; no J
others need airly: a legltlaiate business;
reference* required; state particulars; write
for interview; splendid opportunity. Box
3C37. Call office.
YOUNG n— i with tome experience to learn
harness making and carriage trimming. 718
Fol?om st.
FIRST-CLASS catteT - for country- Apply
REIES BROS. _ CO.. 24 Butter st.
HOUSEPAINTER wanted. 1S03 Polk et.. F. H.
ABBES.
VTANTED — A rood co-tm— ker. Inside. 662
Geary et.
WANTED— Ordinary and able seamen. THOS.
MURRAY, shipping agent. SIP Davis st.
eTENOGRAPHER, male, eingle, efficient. 314
Ecott «.
PIEHWASHER wanted at 615 Valencia st.
ELEVATOR boy wanted. 2» Stockton *_
BARBERS — 3-ctair shop at a bargain; don't
miss it. 1090 Valencia et.
"WANTED — Experienced dress goods and ailk
•sJes— — — to so to a city not far from San
Francteco. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
LEARN the barber trade at Halrht's; he
tearnes yon In ehops: .the only practical
method; wage* while learning; don't mix us
with fake barber colleges. 647 Commercial.
ALL unemployed clerk*, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free of ehartre. HORD A
SMITH. 85 Third rt.. Ban Francisco.
PARTY with small amount to take exclusive
county richts for automatic window screen;
also sell territory. Box 8615, Call office.
WANTED — A No. 1 carpenter, old man. to
k"p books and act as foreman in shop. Call
3273 — i£hteenth st., near Mission.
FIRST-CLASS Jobbing plumber and roof re-
pairer; state wares asd where last em-
ployed. Box 30S1. Call office.
TOR sale— Four-chair barber shop; fine loca-
tion; good laundry 'office; rent $15; part
caa h: time. S27 Sacramento «t.
"WANTED — Youflr man who is an experienced
silverware and Jewelry salesman. Apply be-
tween jMdlltm_itHAI£BROS/
BARHER ehep; 8 chairs; finely fitted: In
lively nearby town; a rood money-maker.
gTOLTZ, Barber Supply House. 723 Market.
WANTED — Men to fill 35O rooms at 20c per
night: dotbes cloeets. balr mattress, electric !
light In every room. CS1 Howard st.
S F. Barber College. 741 Hcward St.. wants all
youn_ men to know that It has the finest
equipped school west of St. Louie: red. ratei.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; _o
to 00c 563 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts..
or 11 Third «t.. Examiner -gliding. ' ¦ .-
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Butter st.
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth st.
BOY wanted at Central Iron Works, Eight-
eenth and Fiorida sta. I
BARBER «hop for sale; 5 chairs; established I
16 years: 8 yean' lease.. S9fe Turk it.
$123 — FIItST-CLAfiS' shop: rood business; 2 i
chairs: old stand. 1547 Mission st. I
WANTED — Cardw rlter for an out-of-town >
etore; state experience. Apply box 3987, Call. I
MEN to learn the detective profession. . 937
Market St.. room 104. {
MAN wanted to sell rood* to saloon trade. Ap- '
ply E. COLEMAN, 1624 Market st.
PLOW fitter. wanted. Benicia Iron Works, SIS
Mission St.. fan Frandsoo. '
MUSICIANS to Join military band. • 328 ¦ Bush
•t.. third floor, room 4. ¦ . . i
FOR vale — A bargain; two-chair barber shop; ,
must ro East. lflOS Devisadero «C
¦\VILL. teach'one younr man the barber trade: {
paid while learning. 751 .Mission st. j
— ¦
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.'
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes . are re- ,
- paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln.,75c
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ahlpe, HAL-.BERT. 817. Jackson st. ,i
J5£_SL^g^g^E^— BtAi,E— Contlnnad.
ATC.R. HANSBN & CO.'S. .. . . .429 Bush st.
: Motel butcher, first-class 'country "hotel. \$C5 fd
; .7 Wer • • .$40 and found
j Jr°» f ««loner for shop work.. $75 to S85 board
uutcher. boarding-house, no slaughtering.
} .country ...r... ....$35 found !
1 S.~ tor " Bame Place $25 to $30 :
) First -class vegeuble man. country hotel,
; _five fare-.......;.;...... .......$30
i Garutner. private place, country, party
I here .%Z0
Gardener and wife, gentleman's place,
party here 9:30 a.,m... $60 up
Farm hand. $1 25 day; milker....'. .$&> found ]
' C. R. HAN'SEN _ CO.... 429 Bueh st.
t BRIGHT young man, living with- parents, for
•wholesale house: assistant to stock clerk:
, small .wages to begin; good opportunity and
I advancement: state age and references. Box
' 8C5 *- Call office. ¦ . ; .
: MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks'
required; only Institution teaching the ton-
| sorial art. Call or write for free catalogue.
. Special offer. Mobler Barber College. 649
I Eacamento st.
I WANTED — Men and women to prepare for j
' Government positions. Apply for free cata- !
{ logue elvlng particulars. Pacific Correspond- I
I ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st.
i WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. R«no House proprietor, has
. Ad4ed 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
1 217 Third st. : 250 rooms; 2ftc to OOc per night.
I TRT our men'* shoes, union made; $1 and $1 SO
• pair; foot-form shoes, f2 50; we pay express
| charges. 11 3d st-.Exam. bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
| LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r. 415.
I PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullis. r. 40. Phelan bldg
; Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
i WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms:
; free -'bus and baggsgts to and from ferry.
j A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
| of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market «_. opposite Fifth.
j Open until 11 p. m.
• ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
| Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sU.
IALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
Price. 663 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
I -': * HORSES AMD WAGOUS.
FOR sale at Eclipse Stable, 1375 Eddy st.—
4 stylish driving horses, single and double;
one large stylish surrey horee; very gentle.
I FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
: round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stable?. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
BAY mare; weight 1400 lbs.; single or double.
Apply Mascot Stable. llQg Golden Gate ave.
FIRST-CLASS business wagon; call before 10
o'clock. 1412 E Ninth st-, Ea«t . Oakland.
AUCTION sale at 220 Valencia b_. Saturday,
11 a. m.; 100 head broken horses.
ALL kinds of buslcess wagons, surreys and
burrtes and carts cheap. 15O4-6 Folsom st.
FINE rubber- tire Victoria, the latest kind,
for sale cheap. 1503 Folsom st.
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wajrens sold cheap. 1CS0 Mission St.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons asd harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth sL
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work & drlvlr.fr horses. 15th- Valencia.
f CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sect to any address in the
T'n'ted Ptates or Canada one rear for SI.
j =
I HOUSES' TO LST.
i A— PRINTED list of houses to let; s-cd for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 20 Montgomery
HOUSES FURNISHED— FOR SALE.
12-ROCiM bouse; rent $40. S16 McAllister
street.
. LOST A-TD POUMX*.
LAUNDRY horse and black-covered top wagon,
with three bundles of clothes. Return to
MAR CHEE. 247 Minna st. and receive flO
reward. ¦ - ¦-, •
LOST — Lady's open-face gold watch, between
boulevard and L_f ayette at. ; reward. 1037
. Minna it.. ¦ -¦; ,. -. ¦ .. -— . ¦..-:.-. •
LOST — A brindle bull terrier pup; answers
name Major: reward. DOELL BROS., 501
Elchth st. ¦;..;:.
LOST — Turquoise i pin, surrounded with dia-
monds. Finder return to 1005 Chestnut at.
i and receive reward.
LOST— Parrot from 1433 Stelner St. Liberal
reward for return.
LOST— Gold chain bracelet; ball attached.
Return to 434 Sutter and receive reward.
LOST — Mining map. Excelsior, near 3d and
Market. Return to 1102 Call bldg.; reward.
FOUND — Female bull terrior. Owner may call
1€2~- San Bruno ave.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for (1.
LAuhC— _S FOR HIRE. i
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MATTRESSES AHX» PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process) ; excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
---PICA—.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide in me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help -for the un-
' fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. ' DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f e-
. male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008 % Market at., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
g— U-nteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
DR. G. W. aDONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. .1018 Market st*
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester,' 219 Kearny
rt. Relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations
DR. E. G. WEST, the old. reliable physician
and surgeon. SOS Kearny st., room - 1.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny Jk Clay.
DR. ROSEN; residence 2995 Folsom St.. corner
I 26th: ladle-, relief or no fee; $10, j
mgES_Aano_MigrpTQ. '
I MAKE a specialty of 'selling good mining
¦ property. A. D. RENFRO. Crossley bldg. -
• -nacE-j-vH-ious— r Ob sale.
_ D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, ¦ pumps,
pulleys,' shafting, etc, etc., bought. - sold.'
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
EL S.. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 180-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McLN<
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 185-187 Fremont st.
' DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK? _- . „ ". .. _-- •' .- |
I Repair it with elaterlte, in rolls easy to lay;
' ceeds no painting or coating; good .over old
¦ - Iron, tin or shingles; best for ' new - roofs.
j ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
I FOR saJe — New and second-hand billiard and '
; . pool ta bleat ; easy - payments ; we re n t tables
1 . with rriviltge of buying; . modern bar fixtures;
j cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALK-.-CO—-
i LEADER. SB 2 Mission st. . . ; .?.,/ :
! AH elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
; and sealskins for sale on 'small weekly pay-.
ments: goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 ¦ Stockton st.
A — BUTS, sells or rents * gear machinery, i en- .
_lne«, boilers, water pipe. - ah siting . pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 253-256 Bpear st. -,
I A— THE « (P.* J.- Co.) * California virgin gold
weddln* rings. for sale by the PORTLAND
' JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton : st, ,_
i A SNAP — 46-ft- cabin launch; •most seaworthy
i pn bay: must sell; cheap. C. BACK,' 1503 Do-
nores.st.*. 1V--_" •¦- '- '¦¦''¦ '¦¦'¦:..¦"¦'.''¦' '-¦'"¦
REPUTABLE place . to, rent gents* t full dress.:
Tuxedo or- Prince Albert suits..' J.; COOPER.
21 Stockton st.-, (formerly, at Palace Hotel)..,.
TRY ' our .- men's • shoes ¦ at f $1 1 a_d ill BO" pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay - express
i charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
QUALITY"40-(FNTCOFFFFTO SHALL AD PATRONS SUNDAY-FREE
REAL ESTATE — CTTT — POB SA-_-._
PEREaiPTORT
P_J_MPTORY
CRE03IT SALE. .
CREDIT SALE.
IMPORTANT TO HOMESTCEKER3.
IMPORTANT TO HOMESEEKERA
We Win Offer at
AUCTION '
AUCTION
AT OUR SALESROOM.
20 MONTGOMERY ST..
2O MONTGOMERY ST..
SATURDAY. OCTOBER ». 190V
SATURDAT. OCTOBEK _», 1WM»
• AT 1 O'CLOCK P. M..
52 BUSINESS AND RESTDENC- LOT!
53 BUSINESS A.VD RESIDENCE LOTS
As Per Dl-sn-O. ' £;
DOJTT MTSS THIS OPPORTUNITY. '
DON'T MISS THIS OPPCRTUNrTT.
J L IL
V _3a STREET^
17 tt U M 21 22 23 .<*
3 1 1 I 1 I 1 §
_LJ! u a -
e a _ " " a s
*s__w » a S j
g S n » 8 5 I*
Ss " * » a S '
** s - ta ~ - " « "*
g 100 1 • » 100 a
§ I I I I I I I § .
12S4 1171
'_ 25 — » 28 » 2S 35 M _»_
c*w..uw- 24th STREET __J_!Li_lS__
~i r IT
ONLY ON-E-THIRD CASH.
ONLY ONE-THIRD CASH.
Balance Can Remain for 1, 2 or 3 Yejur»
• At SIX Per Cent.
STREETS SEWERED.
. ' STREETS SEWERED.
24TH-ST. CARS PASS THE PROPERTT.
24TH-ST. CARS PASS THE PROPERTY.
Property adjacent Is building op very rapidly.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com*
pany will receive applications for policle* of
insurance on each lot for the nominal sum at
$7 60.
FOB FURTHER PARTICULARS
Apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
ONLY A FEW LEST.
SI 25 PER W_CK.
NO INT-SUCST.
Choicest lots la the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on street
grade; doee to fine school; not far from the
Miss lon-st, electrlo cars; secure one as aa
5 investment and by the tlm* tt Is paid for It
will have doubled In value the way prtow
have advanced during the p— tt year; boy
now before prices become pro— Ibltlv* ta thla
rapidly trow Inn section.
W. J. •WHITE,
36 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 870C
(1000 FOR 2 lota, northeast cor. Sanches and
Palmer sts. ; must be sold for mortgage; $250
down, balance $20 per month. Cottages^ 3934
Army st. and 3750 Army »t. ; $2250. D. COS".
FIN. 2528 Mission St.. near Twenty-first. -.
FOR sala — 3 colonial bouse-. 8 rooms, batik
and basement; beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny: east aide of Tenth ave., near
I it.. Sunset. Hallett A Gee. on pre__ea.
FOR *ale — Cheap; fine cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; high basement. 279 Jersey tt.. near
" Noe; Inquire next door. 283. • - - . ;
A WELL-RENTED pair of flats; lot 28x114*:
- in Mission; price $4000. Owner, box 3640,
•Can office ________
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on |1 23 per weak. Mutual
Home 1 Building Association. — T Crossley bid.
ALL work * guaranteed first dasa by AHXv
BACH * MATER, plumbers. 83<t Howard st,
B_V MATEO SEAL _STAT_.
LOMITA PAR— —On line of San Mateo electrlo
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market' sta.;
outside the foe belt and Just beyond whers
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff" will jota
the i-" 1 " line; 50-foot lots, from $400 up:
terms only $10 down and $10. a moat-: sawer
and water pipes in front of every lot; par*
artesian weli water; 17S lots sold i sine*
August 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot In this desirable section: take the
electric* cars and gat off at '"LOMXTA
PARK" and Investigate; maps sent oa ap-
plication. -
. Z . SELBT. RODGERS A CO.. -
Tel. Main 873. - lie California et.
g~« T. E8TA--t— COT~~T_T— pro- __w
SALE or exchang* for city property; sacrifice;.
IDS acres. Napa Co.; 00 acres In cultivation;
fruit, vines and grain; fully equipped aad
. paying: beautiful place; gentleman's home.
6HADBURNE. 406 Montgomery st,
ATTI— M'X'-ON. HOM-flK-KT_R31~
Send postal for eatalocues of the beet ' land
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market at. ¦'
$8000 WILL secure a Urge tract of land thai
Is wctth four times the amount asked: must
be sold before November 1; a chanceto mak*
- a fortune; positively no riiic. Box 2702. Call.
FOR good Government las da inq-lr* SOS Lar- .
• kin st.. room 49. near City 'Hall.
SEAL ESTATE TO EZC— -— TOB.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley or 3. F. property
for ranches. J. H. EDSON. 14--5 B*coa
block. Oakland. ' ¦
«PH0— — . -COTTC-S.
NOTICE U hereby given that the Maria ETlp
Orphanage of 520 Lake st., San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half
orphan girls from July 1 to Oct. 1. 1004:
' Louise Carmefiita. aged 9 years; Evelyn C.
Nielsen, aged -7 years: Saturnlna Martin.
-ged 10 years; Delores Martin, aged T years;
Emma B. Balrd. a«ed 8 years .9 months;
Ruby KarL aged T years 8 months; Zlna
Romley. aged 1 year S months; Bessie P Tur-
ner. aged 7 years; Edna Turner, aged - •
- years: Grace Turner/ aged 3 years > month..
¦'__._._ . . '- BOCXAXw '___. _,-__-''''
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternttle-. look
here* a chance to make merry; coxy danc*
ball and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardens. Ocean Beach terminal of electrlo
car lines. Make arrangements at room 311.
Mnlrhead building. Market and Larfctn at—
¦'. -' /, stop nvnn3Mi&_^ ¦__'/_' -
GUARANTEXD cure: send 5Oc; taVet form
mailed In plain -package.; has cured thoo*
sande:-. iTc CO.. 417 Hayward bldr-aJT.
.. . : ¦_,¦;¦ . ..T^T^;;.,^^^';^^.^..
X WAT to health: mothers' : and danghters* -
home - treatment: booklet free; write for It.
1 VIA VI- CO.. Van Ness, Phone East. 288. .. .
For Additional . Classified Adverd**-
ments See Pace 14," iv.Thomas and '..'L«ydla ,*' Kirkpatrick to / Kirk
patrick ; Estate - Company. < lot on W : line-, of
Stetner ; street. 137 N of ; McAllister, N,. 3:10
Andrew Charles to Helnrlch and Anna Flath
mann, lot ' on . S •• line : : of '.Turk street, 27:0 E
of Polk. E 89:6 by S 85, and lands adjacent:
?io. •¦..¦-¦ .-- •-,•... ; :.. .-. -. .. ¦ . . - ...
1 City and County of San Francisco to" Valen
tine Schmidt, lot on S line of Pine street.
90:6 E of Van Ness : avenue, E 25 by S 120;
. Anne ' M. ' Compton to . Maria - Hasbrouck, lot
on'- 8; line of . Post street, 55 . W>of Polk,:S
120 by W 80; .aluo lot-on<"-W line of Thirty
fourth avenue. 240 Nof C street. S 240, W
240/ N -120, E 120. , N 120. E : 120: also that
portion Preclta Valley block 104; within J. W.'
Farrlngton. Tract; $10. ; . •¦
THURSDAY. I OCTOBER 27.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Arrested for Stealing Mall.
Frank Sylvester, • a lad of 1 8, is in
serious trouble with the Federal au
thorities. - He was arrested yesterday
by the United States Marshal on com
plaint ofPostofflce Inspector Chance.
It is alleged that on October 15 Syl
.vester took from on top of a rural
mail delivery box near San Lorenzo a
package addressed to Camilla King
and destroyed it. The prisoner admit
ted his guilt, but said he was, drunk
and irresponsible at the time. .
DETECTIVE . FREEIi RELEGATED
TO THE PATROIilJNG OF. BEAT
Policeman Mattheson Takes Disrated
Man's Place and Officer Mere
dith Goes on Powell Street.
John B. Freel, f or a number of
years a member of the detective force,
¦was yesterday detailed to patrol, a
beat." The change was made by Chief
Wittmari, who gave no reason for It
Freel has been doing good ; work - and
the men In the department are ¦ won
dering t why some other detective, « less
clever, -• was . not ; transferred.
:"' D. .Matthe8on,".who once patrolled
Powell street, .was given Fred's place.
Policeman Meredith was : transferred
from" Montgomery, street to Matthe-,
son's; late beat" and Freer was given
Montgomery street.
A. C. Sheldon, who arrived last
night from San Luis Obispo with his
wife and two small children, was
robbed of $150 by two pickpockets
on a Third street car. It was every
cent the man had, and he was left in
need. His wife a"nd the little children
sat upon the steps of the Hall of Jus
tice while Sheldon reported his loss
to the police. . > ¦¦
Sheldon came to this city to try to
get work. Corporal Charles Blrdsall
arrested Charles Murdell and placed
him 'on the detinue book on suspicion
that he was one of the thieves.
Pickpockets' Take $150 From. -A. C.
Sheldon of San Luis Obispo and
Leave" Family Destitute.
STRAXGER.JX CITY ROBBED
AS HE RIDES OX STREET CAR
The officers made, an investigation
andjfound one of the' complaining wit
nesses, Fabian Olsen, on a steamer
about to leave for Portland. Olsen
was a victim to. the extent of J 19 50.
He. said he was-j>aid back his money
less .-10 'per cent, which was paid to
Low,.who, he said, told him it -would
be all right.. Olsen was arrested as a
defaulting witness and taken to the
City Prison. Ryan and Taylor are
searching for the other four victims.
They are: George Rosenberg, who
lost $4 5; F. Luchen, who lost $19; F.
Kuhne, who lost $15, and Leonard
Lappo, who lost $15.
As soon as the cases were called ex-
Judge C. A. Low demanded an Imme
diate trial. The names "of- the five
complaining witnesses were called, but
none answered. The officers, suspect
ing that something was wrong, asked
for and obtained a continuance till
Tuesday. <•¦'
What looks like an attempt to de
feat,the ends of Justice was discovered
by Detectives Ryan and Taylor yes
terday morning: when the cases of five
alleged bunko men arrested at the
Ocean Beach last week and charged
with petty larceny were called in Po
lice Judge Cabaniss 1 Court. The names
of the accused are: C. A. Wallace
alias Vosmer, John Williams, Edward
Williams, L. C. Holly and James Ty
ler.
Court and Attachments Are
Issued Against Them.
Witnesses Fail to Appear In Police
ALLEGEID BUXKO MEX PAY
BACK COIN TO \aCTI3IS
TA COMA, Oct. 27.— The steamship
Prospector returned to Dawson two
weeks ago. after falling In an attempt
to ascend the Stewart River with win
rter supplies for the miners on Duncan,
Hlghat, Ledge, Clear and other streams
of that region. The Upper Stewart
country is thereby left practically
without supplies of any kind for the
winter. The Stewart was found at such
a low stage that the Prospector often
times, ran on bars and had frequently
to resort to the capstan to get over
shallow places. She could get no far
ther than McQuesten Bar, where she
left the bulk of her freight for the win
ter. The perishables were taken back
to Dawson.
The Prospector's hull was badly bat
tered .in attempts to reach the
streams. The officers of the steamship
report the river lower than ever be
fore in the history of Alaskan steam
beating. The. Prospector's forty pas
sengers, who were bound for Duncan,
failed to reach their destination.
The Prospector was the first steamer
In months to attempt the trip up the
Stewart, and her failure leaves many
of the stores and most of the miners
without sufficient supplies to carry
them through the winter. „
The majority of the men there will
Btay until the winter trails are in good
condition and then go to Dawson.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
Vessel Is Badly Battered
in Her Attempts to Eeacli
Duncan and Other Streams
GKUB SHIP PUTS BACK
Camps on Stewart River De
prived of Supplies by- Sud
den Closing of Navigation
MINERS FACING
A FOOD FAMINE
' Mrs ' Cora May Wllcox (owner) with W. I*
Graff (contractor and architect)— All work for
a two-story and basement frame building on
N line of Twenty-seventh street,. 125 .W of
Guerrete). W 25 by N 114; $3965.^
Sophie E. Laine (owner) wlthF. H. Barnes
(contractor), architect— All work for 'a
three-story frame building on W line of Tay
street. 114:6 S of Clay. S 23 by W 66; $3600.
Builders' Contracts.
City and County of San Francisco to August
K. and Alma Hermanson,' lot on E line of
Rhode Island - street 150- S of Twenty-third,
S 25 by E 10O: »— . '
William A." and Mabel Harris to "William
Wyatt lot on N line of Clement street, 82:6
W of Second. W 25 by N 100; $10
\Williahiand Kate Wyatt to U H. Blther,
same; ?i0. - . "
- J W Wright & Sons Investment Co. to
Paul J.' Butler, lot -on W line Thirty-ninth
avenue, 260 S of Point Lobos avenue. S 65
by W 120; $10.
'John and Ella McCulloch to Thomas D. Polk
lngton. lot ; on. W line of Sixth avenue, 175 N
of A street.. N 25 by W 120: $10. ¦
Robert T. Iberson to John Landsburg. lot
on NE corner Ninth avenue and C street, N
72 by E 26; $10. . ¦ .
City and County of San Francisco to Henry
Meyer, lot on N line of Fulton street. 82:6
W of Seventeenth' avenue. W CO by N 100;
lot on N line of Fulton street. 32:6 E 9« Eigh
teenth avenue. E 50 by N 100: $—. _
J F Chandler to Adam F. Gunn, lot on SW
corner Forty-slrth. avenue and O street, W
240 by S 600; $10.
Mary A." and Emma G. -Kane to same, same;
Adam F. andldah E. Gunn to J. F. Chand
ler lot on SW corner Forty-oixth avenue and
O street. W 120 by S 425; $10. . : , V
Same to Mary A.- and Emma G. Kane, lot
on SE corner Forty-seventh avenue and O
street. S 425 by E 120; $10. - -
B Brooks Lee to William H. Kehres. lot on
N line of T street. 82:6 W of Forty-fifth ave
nue. W BO" by N 100; $10.
Edward B.* Church to Frances A. Church,
lots 5. to 7, block 37, Sunnyvale Homestead;
Cuneo & Ct>6ta Co. to Jacob Heyman Co.;
lot on S corner of Silllman and.GIrard streets,
SW 240 by SE 400, block 14, University Mound;
• s" 'Ducaa Co."'. (corporation) to Leonhard
Briemle. lot on SE line of Silver street. 602:4
NE of San Bruno avenue, SW 73:2. SE 405:4,
NE 78:1, NW 41)3, lot 12, Silver Terrace; $10.
'Sama to Roaanna. J. Eepel, lot on W line of
Noe 9treet, 25 N of Henry, N 51 by W 96;
• . . ., ¦
Mary E. and John H. von Schroeder or von
Schroder to Axel Sonderup. lot on E line of
Capp street. 1S5 N of Twenty-third, N 25 by.
E 122:0; $10. .
William B. and Ona B. Hench to Ellen M.
and Emerson D. ¦ Benner, lot on N line of
Eighteenth street, 100 E of Colllngwood, E 25
by N 75; $10. •
Martin Hanson to Andrew and Helena C.
Wallbergr, lot on W line of Fountain street.
101 :« S of Twenty-fourth. W 125 by S 1:8. lot
10. block^lS, Noe Garden; $10.
Landry C. and Cecile M. Babln to Albert
Joseph lot on N line of Jackson street, 82:6
E of Montgomery, E 25 by N 60; $10.
Isaac and Nina Levy to same, lot on N line
of Jackson street, 107:6 E of Montgomery.
E 30 by N 60; $10. >
Benjamin M. and Laura E. Gunn to Mar
garet C. Davis, lot on E line of Larkln street.
103 N of Geary, N 34:6 by E 60; $10.- -
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to same, same^lOO.
Richard Bradley to Thomas J. Williams, lot
on E lin« of San Bruno road. 125 8 of.Twen
ty-fifth street. S 25 by E 100; $10.
Same to MUos Mandlch. lot on NW corner
of Seventeenth and Alemany streets, W 25 by
N 100; $ .
Same to John and Anna Burke, lot on S
line of Fell street, 55 W. of Buchanan, W
27:0. by 3 120;'$ .
Eugenie T. Merrill to Jane H. Smith, lot on
S line of Oak street, 140 B of Flllmore. E 40
by S 120; $10. .
. City and County of San Francisco to William
C. Raisch, lot on W line of Webster street, 100
N of Oak, 1ST 00 by W 100: $ .
Emma G. Butler and Estate of Horatio S.
Gates to Henri Marx, lot on S line of Geary
street, 100 E of Flllmore, E 57:6 by S. 137:0;
$10.,
City ' Street Improvement Company to Ma
rian M. Gagne,' lot on S line of Lombard street,
114:7 W of Pierce, W. 22:11 by S 90; *10.
Gustave A. Gagne to same lot on S lin» of
Lombard street, 114:7 W of Pierce, W 72:11,
S 137:6. E 50, N 47:6, E 22:11. N 90; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Cece
lia Unger. lot on E line of Devlsadero street,
62:6 N of Sutter. N 25 by E'S7;6; $ .
- A: L. Gump to Mabel B. Gump, lot ' on S
line of Green street 240 W of Scott, ~W 5 by
S 137:6: gift. : .
Benjamin and' Naomi Wise to Christian H.
Kornbeck. lot on S line of Golden Gate ave
nue, 200 E of Layton street, E 25 by S 137:6;
no.
City and County of San Franelsco to Sam
uel Morgenstern. lot on S line of McAllister
street. 106:3 E of Lott. E B0 by S 137:6: $ .
Samuel D. and Emma Magnes to Martha A.
Peck (wife of Daniel), lot on S line of Halght
street. 121:10% W of Clayton. W 25 by S
100; $10.
City, and County of San Francisco to Mabel
E. Dodge v , lot on SW line of Washington ave
nue. 125 SE of Mission street. SE,25 by SW
113:4; | .
Same to Peter J. McGovern., lot on NW cor
ner of Duboce and Stevenson streets, N SO by
W 37:6; $ .
' Nicholas Hollings to Diedrich Holllngs, un-^
divided one-fourth of lot on E line of Mission
street, 150 N of Fifteenth, N 23 by E 160: $10.
Same to Meta Holllngs, undivided one-fourth
of same; $10. .
City, and County of San Francisco to Anton
Hermann, lot on E line of Capp street, 140 S
of Twentieth. S 25 by E 120; < .
Buchanan streets, E 137:6 by S 137:6; $— — .
Same, to Harris Lando, lot on S line of
Pine street. 153:4 E of Webster. E 41:8 by
S 137:6; $ r..
- Same to Blanche Converse, lot on N line of
EIIIb street, 115 W of Buchanan. W 65 by-N
80; S- . vA
Same to Bernard Donnelly, lot on SW cor
ner of Laguria • street and Willow avenue, S
34 by W 51:6; 3
: P. and Vittoria Carfagnl to Royal W. Cud
worth.lot on N line of Union street.- 29 :10V4
E of Buchanan, E 0.1% by N'40; $21. :
City and County of San Francisco to George
D." : Gray bill, lot on SE corner of Chestnut and
: Same to Thomas ' I. Janes ¦ lot on S line of
Butter street, 87:1 - E of Laguna, E 29 by
S 95;;$ .¦ -, -':'"-, ... •¦-:,-.¦
Same to , Israel Friedman, lot on N line of
Green street. .125 E -of Laguna. E 25 by N
137:0; S . '
Same to -William Matson. .lot on N line of
Jackson street, ; 200:3 W of Gough. W CS:9
by N 127:8 Vi: '$- — . i-
by W 137:6r also lot on W line of Stelner
street, 100 ; S of . Golden Gate avenue, S • 34 :2
by -W 137:«; also lot on ' E - line * of Kearny
street. ; 107. S of California.- S 19 by E 74:6; ?1().
Same to same,' -lot on E J line : of ¦ Kearny
street; 128 S of California; S 11:6 by E 74:6; |5.'
City and County of San -Frandscotto Fabian
Joost Company, lot on N line of Fulton street.
100 W of Polk. W 50 by N 120; $ . *
•Same to Benjamin Hesklns. lot on N-llne
of McAllister street, 30:1 W of Gough. W
34:11 by N 100; ? -.".
> Same ; to " Rose B. GUlingham (wife of Wil
liam R.), lot on N line of Pine street, 56 E
of Octavia.E 28by N 137:6; $ .
Same to Josiah R. -Howell lot on S line of
Jackson street, 110 ¦ W of Gough W 125 by
S1O7.OI' . * • ¦ -
THE SAN " FRANCISCO "-CALIJ,; PRIDAY^^O^TPB^R 1904:;
14
SOOUS TO X.ST — Pern, ana TTnfnrn. j
A— BRUNSWICK House. 1*8 Sixth sC— Room* i
25c to H per night. *1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Klfth st.)— Room*, 25c, OOo. $1. $1 00 night:
*l CO to SI0 -week; house open all night.
BELMOND house; over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA. 1424 — Large, *ur\ny rooms, well
furnished hot and cold water, gas. phone,
bath; suitable for 2 gentlemen or for gentle-
man and lady; other rooms.
CLAY. 2413 — Nicely furnished room to let.
CLEMENTINA. 320— Room to rent unfur-
nlahed. ¦ '¦
EDDY. 210— Sunny, front suite; also double
and Eingle rooms; private; terms moderate.
EDDT. 1407—
FURNISHED ROOMS.
ELLIS. Gil — Newly,, furnished, smnny rooms;
(2 to %X> week; firat-cla.es, quiet; bath.
FRANKLIN. 1518 — 3 sunny newly furnished
rooms, breakfast and dinner; bath; phone;
references.
GEARY. 1225 — Large bay-window sunny room
for gentleman; modern, convenient; only $12.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 60 to tC wk. ; reading-room.
GRANT, 7— Nicely furnished, sunny suite; also
single rooms; $2 50 to $7 week. -
HAWTHORNE. 8 — Large front room to rent.
HOWARD. 737%— Furnished itob.; good loca-
tion; also Eome hpusekpg rms.; very reas.
HOWARD. 715— Large eunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to SI day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 2082 — For doctor or dentist, an ele-
gant parlor suite with bath; private.
JESSIE. 3G3. east u7s.~Mint— Nicely furnished
rooms, double bed, $10; single rooms, $5.
KEARNY, 306. cor. Bush— Nicely furnished
rooms: also housekeeping rooms and bath.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. J29 Third St. — tOO
(ingle and family rooms 35c to $1 00 per day.
$2 to $5 per week; the only new and modern
betel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MARKET, 719 — Front suite rooms; newly ren-
ovated; prices reasonable.
MARKET. 917— Nicely furnished rooms to let.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
(2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator.
MINNA. 539A — Furnished rooms; adults.
PINE, 2786 — Sunny bay-window, 7 rooms and
bath; house completely furnished; yard;
basement; reasonable.
PINE. 1300. corner Hyde — Sunny corner suite;
bath, phone.
ROOMS to let In . private house. Box 3650.
Call office.
ROYAL. HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, Bmoklng-room and ladle* par-
lor: rcoms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $?; month. $8 to $80; elevator on ground j
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths, j
ST. REGIS. Hyde and Elli* — New hcuse. new
furnishings; fresh and clean; hot and cold
water; baths; everything oanitary; elevator
service; if sunshine and cleanliness Is an* ob-
ject ree these rooms; |3 per week up.
STANTON.'1492 — Sunny furnished room.
SIXTH. 143— Furnished rooms to let with
hourekeeplng privHegea.
SIXTH, 314 — Furnished rooms.
STEVENSON. 261 — Furnished rooms to let.
STEVENFON. 620 — Sunny front furnished room
to let; cheap.
TAYI/iR, 21 — Elegant front suites and single;
hot water: steam beat; elevator; $20-$30 mo.
TAYLOR. 240 — Nicely furnished room for two
gentlemen.
TAYLOR. C24. near Sutter — Sunny, front, bay-
window room; S12.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
FUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITAEY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK. j
THE Larchmont. 361 Sutter — New brick bldg..-
finely furnished: hct. cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; 12 50 to $5 per week.
THIRD, 41CB — Rooms, en suite and single,
$150 per week; modern fiat; bath, laundry.
TWENTY-NINTH. 325— Sunny room.
UNITED STATES,! 23 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms S5c to %X night, $1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no ga»), running water In every
room; elevator, read.-room; free dub, baggage.
WASHINGTON. 704 — Furninhed rooms to let.
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —
Moet convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to Si 50 nightly; 12 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice
furnished rooms for 15c per night up; ele-
gant transient rooms', 50c per night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
BOOHS AND BOABD.
LADY offers comfortable board and room for
t8 month In return for light duties. 1433
Eighth ave.. Sunset District, city.
COMMODIOUS room, suitable for two gentle-
men, with breakfast and dinner. $40 per
month. 1254 Eddy st.
ELLIS, 453 — Nice furnished rooms, with first-
class French table board.
BOARD and room; private family. 830 Te-
hama st.
CHESTNUT. 266 — Large sunny room with
board.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board and room,
single or double. $5 week; American family..
TWO adjoining rooms suitable for 2 or 3 men,
with or without board. 460% Natoma st.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church /annex.
807 California — See rms. learn prices, try table.
WAXTED — Two young gentlemen to room and
( board; reasonable. 429 A Ellis st.
VAN NESS. 700 — Sunny front alcove suite;
modern conveniences; bom* cooking.
VAN NESS ave.. '90S — Large sunny room for
two. with board.
rorrarojiiACTOEt^Aw BUi'jfL.iEs.
WE shall close, our retail ' office at 800 Post
st. Nov. .1; we have a lot of new White
sewing machines that are slightly shop-worn
that we shall positively sell ; at .half, prloe
or less before removal; our new retail office
Is located at 915 Market st. . White Sewing
Machine Co. v
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
. tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand . S3,' 15. $S; slightly
used $10, $15, S20; you know where the dolls
' nwlng In the window. 1051 Market st.
STTTTraBJaTQ- AOT STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness ana~MarketT
cures; estab. in B. K. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
' MAURI AGE LICENSES.
The* following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
James E. Kane. 35, 91 Rausch street, and
Lulu A. Davis, '24, 91 Rausch street. ' ¦
Nel» A. . Nelson.- 33, ¦ 1006 Sacramento street,
and Maude A. Lucas, 30. 1517 Oak street. .. '
Peter G. Zaro. 24. : C43 Central avenue, arid
Catherine H. Steffens. 23. 271 1A Sutter street.
Frederick W. Brown, 3t, 3334 Twenty-fifth
street, and Gertrude H. Noltln,- 30, 80 .Tiffany
avenue
Joseph A.* Cunha.. 21|41«. Turk street, and
Marie E.Erb. 18. -1114 McAllister street.
Hugh Rogers, 28.' 1817 Mason ' street, and
Anna Yung. 22, 834 Filbert . street
John 'Curtis. 30. 1242 Mission street, and
Susie M. Moyle.' 26. . 1513 A Howard street. .
Georze W. Seller.- 26. 1418 Folsom street,
and Charlotte A. Healing, 21, 112 Eighth st.
Max J. A.', Riegels. 23, 334 San Miguel
street and Helena Nllsson. 25, city. :
Jens , Jensen. 2S, • , Sacramento, and N Kristine
M. Peterson S5, Haywards. ¦ -SOB&HMH
Edwin E.Porter, 28.- 71- Waller; street, and
Josephine E. Thomas. 24,' San Jose. ¦• ,
1 Clement ' P." Tobln, ; 34, 1021;, California street,
and Charlotte M.~ Russell.- 25. "1916 Octavla st.
>i Lulgl CorslBlia,' 35 — Railroad avenue, and
Valeria Peri. 20. , 108 i Pacific- street." - # , -
. Joseph McKenna, 28, 1383 'Baker street, and
Mary Darcey, » 25,' 1387 Baker \ street. ... .
- , Louis ' ¦ Tyneves, 28, 61 \ z Post « street, - and
Isabel . Morillon. • 25, 3 A'allejo ¦ utreet. ~-~- '- .. j.-
Daniel Bunting,. 40. 320 Minna street, and
Mary Kent. 31. 320 Minna street.
RAIIiVVAY TRAVEL.
y^STCT^^ Train* 1««t« i»nd »re «1»«
/°i^^Pw\ S AN i FRA NC ISCO.
V* v* yt'ti '»©« Oc-roBxa';3 1901.
• \4"^%V .-, . FaiwT Dxfot
"* \J/ (Toot of Market Street >
I.»A>« ¦-» MAIN LINE. -AH*!T»
7.00a v»c»vlllr. Wloter*. ltum»ey_ / 63»
700* Benicla, Elnilra »odr 8»cr»mento« 7-20i»
7 -30a Vallejo. Sup*. CalUuxc*. SanU
Kosa. Martlaex. Sun Ramon 8.2fJi*
¦ T 30a !*tle«.Tn«cy. L»tarop. Stockron.... 7.23i>
8 OfA «Hi*w Express— (Via Dart»>.
wmtam». Willows, tFrato. Ked
Blur?. Portland. Tscoma, Seattle 7.50>
8 CCA DstIs. Woodlsnd. Knlcttl* Laudiag.
MsrysTille. Oro^llle. 7.50*
8.30»*M»rtiner. Antlcea. Bjron. Tracy.
Stocktoa. Ss»m»«. Lo« Bonos,
MenJotv Armooa, Haaford. m md .
VIs»llv ?orterTtlle «.2O»
830a Port Costa. Modesto. Merced,
Fresnw. Oo»hen Janctlon, Usn- t
ford. Vlislls, Ualtersneld, 4.5Be»
8 30 a NHes. Saa Jo»e. Ltvermore. StoeSc-
ton. (tMIIton>. lone. S«cr«men». -
Msrysrllle. Chico. Bed Blnff .... 4.ZOP
8-30a Ostcdale. Chinese. Jamestown, so-
oora. Toolumne and Angels £'£sZ
8 COa Atlantic Expre«»— Oudcn »nd Bm«. S-ZU^
8.30a Btchmond. Martlaex and Way
- 8utlon» 850 *
10 COa The Orerland Limited — Osrden.
Omsh*. Chlcngo. Uenyer. Kansas _
CHy. St-Lou!»...... £$nZ
1000a Vallejo 12.20*
10.00a Los Angeles Passenger — Port » ¦» -
Costa. Martlnei. Byron. Tracy.
„-..'. Lstnrop. Stockton. Merced.
Kaymond. Fresno. Goshen Janc-
tlon, Usnford, Leraoore, Visslla,
Bakers flf Id. Los Angeles.. ii&l
1200m Hsywsrd, Klles snd Wsy 8wtlons. f 20*
11 .OOP Sacrsmen to KlTer Steamers Til-Ull*
330p Benicla. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. KbtKhts Landing.
> Marys Tllle, Oro»llle sad way
¦tstloas *9-f2i
.^J?0p narward.XIIes snd Way Stations.. 7-60*
3 30p Port Costa, Marttuez, ByroD.Tracy,
Latnrop, Stockton, Modesto, ,
Merced, Berends. Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12.20*
4 OOP MarUnex,SanlUmon,ValleJo,Napa,
CaHntofta. Santa Ituna. 9 ZUA
40CPNlles. Traer. Stocktoo 10.20a
430p Hay ward, '.files. Irvington. 9aal t3 50*
Jose. Llfennore... ) HI.SOa
fi-COpThe Owl Limited— Newm»n, Los
lun,.n. Menduta. Fretno. Tulsre.
BakertOeld.LosADgeies 8.50a
IB SCp II »>• ward. Mien ainl >nn Jo»o 7-20A
6-OOp Hayward. Nile* and San .Jo«o....... 9 50*
6XCP Ka^tern Express— OmaBa. Chicago.
Dearer. Kantas City. St. Louis. -
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento,
Co' fax, Reno, Spark*. MonteiJo,
Osdea 12.60*
B.OOp Vallejo, dally, except Sunday. ... { 7 en.
7 OOP Vallejn, Sondsy only f *'*"
7.0GP htchinono. daa Pabki. Port Ccsta,
Martlnes and Way Stations 11.20a
7-OOPBeno rasseager— Port Co.ta. Be- .
nlcla, Suisun. Elmtra. Plxon. . »
Da* K Sacramento. Sparks. Toao-
pan. Kee'er and Wst Stations... 750*
B 05p Orcfon A California Exprets— Ss«-
rumento, Marysrille, Ue.ldln?.
Portland. Pnget Sound and Bast. 8.50*
S.IOPHayward, Nile* and San Joae (Sun- '
dnyonlyi "11.60a
COAST LINE harrow Uaage).
(foot of Market Street.)
8.15a Newark. Centervnie. San Jose, "
Feltoa, Boulder Creek, Saata
Crm and Wsy Ststtoos 5. 55*
t2-15p Kewark. Cententlle, Ssn Jose,
New AlmaJen. Los Uato*. Felton.
Bonidcr Creek, Santa Crns and
Principal Way Stations ttO.S3*
4.16P Wewark, Baa Jose, Los Gato«... -) : ]a.||j
«9 3Cp Hunters' Train 'Saturday only)—
Ssn Joge and Way Station* t7.25p
COAST LINE (HruaJ «4aa«e).
ry ct'hlrJ aua Tmrnnend Streets.)
8.10a San Jo»« and Way Station* 8-30*
7.00a San Jose and Wny station* B 40*
SCOa N>w Almaden (Toes.. Frld.. only>. 4.10*
8 00a The Coaster — Saa Jose. Salinas.
Ban Ardo, Paso Boklca. Santa
Margarita. Son Lais Obiipa,
Uniidalape. Oavtots. Santa Bar-
bars, San Buenaventura. Moo-
tatTo. oxcart, Bnrbank. Loe •
Angeles 10-30*
8.00a Gllroy. Holllnter. Canrrorille, Del
Monte. PaclQc Urove, Surf. Lon>
poc 10-30*
9. COa S«n Joae. Tres Plaoa.WatsonvlIle.
Capitol a, Santa Cruz, Paclflc
Grove. SaMoaa. San Lult Ob]*po
snJ Prlnclp*! Way Station* 4.1flo
10.30a Saa Jose sad Way Station*. 1.20»
11-30A8an Jo*e and Way Stations........ 7. .'Op
2-15P6an Jose »n.1 Way Stations 8 38*
3 COP Del Monte Kxpress — Santa Clara,
Pan Jose. W»t»on-r11le. Santav ¦
Crux. Del Moat*. Monterey.
Pacific Grore.. ...• -J2 -I5(»
13-OOp L«» Gatos. Wriunt, Boolder Creek.
Saata Cruz, via Saata Clarn snd
Narrow Gange ., +10-45*
3-30pV«I-nrl!»St.. Sunth Saa Kr»npi*co.
Harllneamr, San Jose.' Gllroy, ' ¦ "
llol lister. Tre» Plnos 10.4S*
4J0p .°aa June and Way Stations fg 00*
tS-OOP Santa, Clara. San Jo»«. J.o. 6ato*.
antl prtnelpal Way SUUoai (ex- . • . • ¦ .
eep« Sunday) .t3.()0*
J5-j0p bsnJoceundl'rlnctpalWayStatlons !9 40*
6 45p Sunset Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Joie. Gllroy.Sslintii.paso Kobles,
San Lui* Obispo, Santa Barbara,
I.cs Angrlea. l>eiatng. Ki Pato, t
•• '-" St.Loul».XewOrleanft.K«wTork 9 in.
E.45pPajaru, Wataonvtlle, C.mltnU,
>*nta Crnz. Castrotule. Del
Monte. PactKe Uroire 10-30**
16-IBp t-«uMiiteo,BTP«foril, Belmont. Saa
<-,..- Carlo*, lied wood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Par*. Palo Alto..... t848»
6 30p P»n Jose and Way Station*. i 8.36a
8-OOpPalo Alto and Way Stations....... - 10.15*
11. 30p South Saafranclsco. MlIlhrae.Bor-
linxame. San Mateo, Belmont,
. Saa Carloa. Kedwood. Fatr Oaks,
Menlo Par'i. and l*alo Alto tS 4Sp
a1130PMayneld, Mountain View. Sanny- '"^
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
8anJo»e t3.45*
A tor MorninK. '¦ P for A f ternooa.
1 Sunday exeepted. t ftnnday only
* Saturday only. ft Monday only.
. {Step* at all stations on Sunday^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Perry, root of Market Street.
saw rsAircisco to «*~ '>.«.tasl.
"WEEK DATS — 7:30, 9:0O. 11:00 a. to.; 12:^3.
3:30. S:1O. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:C0. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 5:30.
6:00. 8:20. 11:30 p. m. '
SAN RAPAEL TO SAN PHASTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:03. 7:35, 7:5O. .9:20. 1I:1»
a. m. : 12:30. 3:40. 3:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. &:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:C5. B:05. «:2S p. m. ___^
Leave j In Effect j Arrrv«
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 1804. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- 1 Son- I Week
Days. I days. | Uon. | days, f Day a.
7:30 a 8:0Oa 9:10 • 8:40 a
9:3Oa Ignacio. 10:4Oa 10:20*
3:30 p 3:30 p «:OB p 8:20 9
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30a , 9:10a »:*0a'
3:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:08 p 8:20 9
5:10 p 3:30 p ' - and 7:35 p
I 5 :0O p Santa Roma.
7:30 a . , "~~ r 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 »
8:30 p 8:30 p - .
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:10 a 10:20 »
Lytton. • ~ ;-¦
8:30p 3:30p Geys«nrlUe. 7:33 n 8:20 »
Cloverdale. -
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a!10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| and Ufclah. | 7:35 pj 8:20 a
I I Wllllts and 1 - I •
T:30 al 8:00 a| Sherwood. ) 7:33 p| 6:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a!10:20 *>
S:3Op| 3:30 p| OuemytHis. | 7:33 p| 6:20 9
7:30 a) 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 »
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Olen Ellen. | 6iO5 p| 6:20 g
7:30 al 8:0Oa| . |10:4»atlO:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| SebaatopoL | 7:33 p[ 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulpbur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geysenrilla for Skarra
Springs: at Cloverdal* for the Geyser*. Boone-
, ville and Greenwood: at Hepland lor Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, K>lseyvili«, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport. Bartlctt
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring*
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside. Llerly's. BuckneU's. 3anh«u:i:»
Height*. Hullville. Cur's Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche, Hopkins, Mendocino City
Fort Brags, Westport and Usal; at WiUIts for
Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
Bragg. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cummlon.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Frultlaad.
Dyer. Garberville. Camp 5. Pepper wood. Scotia
snd Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. <^s8sXH**#M|S*ByitM*MH&MaiMl
On Sunday— Round-trip ticket* to all point*
beyond San Rafael at hair rates. ¦ .
Ticket office. «50 Market street. Chronlcl*
bonding. . • -
JAS. L. FRAZ1ER. .' R. X. RTA2*.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
MT; TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
........... H:35 A fSgSLnJiJ8 l:«Op »1O:5Oa
9:5Oa 9:5Oa )^ 2^|«' 3:55f 3:35?
l;4"5p 1;«5p \^^^^ 6-'J2p '""ePJi"
Satardan *:Sir •'."'^^Sr' fatBrt*T» ll:12p
»Tia Srtntj Car y HVT»B*i»ats<sliaiTaas»
lil^L \ t™ MARlt^ ST.,(Xorth Shore Ra.iroad)
ITP1CB ) and Sausauto Fuuiy; Foot Market St.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
RAILWAY TRATEL._ - -
W mm CAL I FOR Si A B
91 LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
I LEATES MQNDATS and THURSDAYS I
9 at 9:30 a. in.; throu^li ta 3 day«.H
ra With diner and all trappings. ||
Other Santa r« Train ¦:
n-?^S*l For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 pint} Merced. Hanford and Vlsalttu
4:00 p. m. For Stcckton. f^^^HBfli
8:00p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
- and Chicago.
.Ticket Office? — 641 Market at. and Ferry. Depot.
> San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. Cal. ; also 27 South 1st. San Joae.
H To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLE5",
Bffii VALLEY;
CAZADERO, Etc.
. * Via Han mail to Terry
'suburban service, standard gauge.
• Depart frcnT San Francisco, daily;' at t7:03.
-8:25,. 9:10.-»:50. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45. 3:1^
4:3s! 1, 5:15.. 6:50. 6:30. 7:15., »:0O and 11:33
at San Ftanciseo. daily, it f«:w,
7:35-8:15. 8:50. 9:35. 10:50 a. m-: 1:30,. 2:35.
4:25! .6:08. ¦ 6:42. 6:22, ,«:57. 7:40 and 11:13
p. ni.^ :^l9HBP^ B ™V'WH| .
tDaily except Sunday. - . , -
1 Tor Fairfax." dally, at 7:43 a.. in.: also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p.m., »nd dally except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. . ¦ y
¦ THROUGH TRAINS.
7-45 a. m. dally— Caxaderd and way stations.
- 8:15 P- m.. Saturdays : only — For Caxadero,
etc ' > I 4iiMBVV l 'HPBflM^^MBW4>4M|
1 5:15 p. m., daily, except . Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales. «te. v 'AsapMgMaMM«
-.TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market st
1 FERRY— Union Depot, <oot of Market st,
\LAMEDA APVERT'S-'M'TS
ALAKEDA SEAL ESTATE.
Ce\DY for occupancy: ?- riew «-rcom cottage;
lot EOxlOR: iTmr: maJve i>.n offer. See owner.
J. H. YOUNG, 124.'. rark ft.. Alameda.
BEKKELEY ADVERT-'S'STS
BESKS^TTS 1 SEAL ESTATE.
— W500—
A CTOirF. b^^rie on Delaware st., Berkeley: 8
rcrmr an.l bsth: lot 40x125: new and modern:
•ui.r.y exposure; fine view; easy terms of
paj-nient if dectred; no trouble to show prop-
KEALTV DONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth St.,
*^.;.> Oakland.
II so DOWN.
To close out ray holdings In Golden Oate ana
r.esr Aehby station, on the Key route. I will
eell lots and build small homes on your own ,
plar.s lor only 1 150 down. :
M. I<. WURTS & CO.. 1323 Broadway, op-
posite Postcfnce.
BEBgELEY gOTTSES TO LST.
FOR rent — In desirable residence section of
Berkeley, bouse of 9 rooms, porcelain bath,
storeroom; stable and chicken-house; 3 blocks
from Berrrman rtatlon. 5 blocks from Berke-
ley and 6 from entrance to university: 2025
Virginia rt.. between Shattuck and Milvia;
newly painted and papered throughout: rent
S3S; will not be rented to tenants wbo let
housekeeping room*. Apply 2tf Montgomery
«... room 8, San Francisco, or LITTLE A
WOOL6EY. 2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
FBUITVALE APVERT'STS
rBuTTYALE SEAL ESTATE.
M C GIBSON. Phone Vale 290. ;
Two-story 7-room house; lot 60x123; front- •
ing on two streets; houf* piped for gas and ;
electricity; 2 toilets, polished floor and a
strictly ir.odern house throughout; 2 new
ranges. Ftair carpet and front room carpet
poe* ulth place: situated in best part of
tnwr.; price $3000. ,
M. C. GIBSON. 132R Fniitvale ave..
Near Ka«t Fourteenth st.
FOR sale — $2750; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply :
to S. S. ATPTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. ;
East Oakland. !
XX>T — 50-foot frontage on FniltvaJe «v«.; want
offer. Address owner. P. O. box 462, Fruit-
vale. Cal.
OAKLAND APVERTS'MTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
0AgI.AgP BXAI. ESTATE.
#4750— FINE home In beauUrul Linda Vi*ta
Terrace ; new; finely finished In every de-
tail: 9 rooms, etc.: price reduced from SCOOO:
owner rourt fell on account of mortgage. See
P. C. LAPFEX & CO., 466 Tenth »t.. Oak- !
land.
FOMETI1ING good for somebody: beantiful
modern 6-roora cottace: finely located; near ;
Telegraph ave. ; five minutes' walk from i
Kiy Route ferry: lot 3Uxl50; exceptional buy \
at SS0O0. Apply 675 Thirty-sixth St.. Oak-
land. {
FOR j=aJe— f2S00; corner lot. 1X3x100; near j
Key Route; San Pablo ave. EDWIN SUTH- |
ERLAND. corner Thirty-fourth and Peralta !
fts., Oakland. '
BARGAIN— Beautiful 7-r. home in Piedmont;
fine neighborhood; good location: near car j
line; will sell cheap: roust be seen to be.ap- i
predated. Apply to E. MORRIS. <576 36th et. I
CHEAPK.ST end best in America— The Weekly
Call. Iti pages, cent to eny address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OA-ELASTD ROOMS AZ7D BOASD. j
GENTLEMAN roomer or boarder; private fam- '
jly; convenient to local trains. 1352 Harrison '
ft., Oakland.
OAKSAgp aooats to i.et. '
FURNISHKD rooms: sunny. light and airy. ;
1412 East Ninth *t.. East Oakland.
OAZLAHD STOSES TO LET.
TO- let — f25: store, corner Twenty-sixth st. and
San Pablo ave.: fixtures, living-room, large
workshop and stable. Inquire opposite. 1027 ,
Fan Pablo ave.
ITU REJPOB, SALE. \
TO-MOKROW the day for bargains in furnl- !
ture. 11. Echelhaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oakland
11 11 ' . 1.1 r » '
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
ROOMS POE^ KOXXSKEEPINO.
A FLOOR of 3 rooms, alcove and batb, fur-
nished for housekeeping; piano and sewing
machine; eastern exposure; 5 minutes' walk
to Kearny st. For terms. Inquire - mornings.
1309 Taylor st. or phone Main 3055.
CLARA, 152 — Five rooms; unfurnished; rent
»15. '¦.?.:¦¦-.: .
EDDT, €11 — Furnished housekeeping rooms.
EDDT £04 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms with
bath. ¦' ¦
ELEVENTH ave. South. 1535 — 3 large, sunny,
furnished rooms; complete; rent $10 month.
ELLIS. 800 — Three rooms for housekeeping ;
furnished.
ELLISDELL. 217 Poet— Elegant suite for light
housekeeping: also single room; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 42» — Room for light
housekeeping.
GOLDEN OATE a»e.. J2O4 — A «unny parlor
• suite, suitable for housekeeping; also single
rooms; bath and phone.
GREEN. 1812— Nice room; one or two ladles
or couple; housekeeping privileges.
GROVE. 109 — Two nice newly furninhed rooms,
for housekeeping; use of bath and phone.
HOWARD. 719»4— 2 large housekeeping rooms;
*dult« orjy; respectable: no transient.
HOWARD. 622 — Two suites housekeeping
rooms; g&s and- coal stoves.
HYDE and Washington (apply 1505 Washing-
ton— 2 newly furnished housekeeping rms.;
every convenience; gee view; teL Hyde 2506.
JKEEIE, S23 — One sunny room; ga* range
sick; fumifefaed housekeeping; $3 week. '
KEARXT, 104 — 3 unfurnished rooms- bay win-
dow; front; sunny; $20; adults; references.
KEARNT, 305, cor. Bush— Nicely furnished
rooms, also housekeeping rooms, and bath.
KENILWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room eirmy apartments; srteam heat; cen. loc
KNICKERBOCKETl Apartments, 1340 Pine
Sunny fumlFhed 3-room suites; steam heated
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable!
LANOTON. CT.G4 — Three sunny nicely farnish-
eri rooms lor housekeeping in private family.
MINNA, 544 — Furnished rooms x complete for
housekeeping.
MISSION. 1013. .near Sixth— Front housekeep-
ing room for 2 adults; folding bec\; ga« stove.
OAK! 117— Complete for housekeeping, 15 to
$12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK, tVb-V,— Lar^e room, furnished complete
for housekeeping-.
PAGE. - 116 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooias: running water; bath.
PINE. 2140 — One sunny furnished room- gas
and bath; housekeeping : permitted; , $10.
POST. 217. near Grant eve.— Elegant front
suite: alao clngle room: reasonable.
SACRAMENTO. 1514 — Parlor floor, S elegantly
furnished, sunny housekeeping rooms; piano.
ECOTT. 300 — NE. corner; nicely furnished; ex-
tra eunny; 2, 3 or 4 rooms.
ECOTT, 300— Northeast comer; 2, 3 or 4 rooms
newly fcrnUhed;.bath; extra sucny. *
SECOND. 148 — Furnished rcoms for light
.. houtekeeplnr. '¦.^SSCflMKHMI
SHOTWELL. 72L near Sixteenth— Two or three
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
KOUTH PARK, 126 - To let, 4 unfurnished
r"Oia» for housekeeping; no children. " " .
GUTTER. - 192S — 3 large sunny rooms and bath-
I »r.tlrc upper floor; clean; reasonable.
TATLOR. 911— Furnished suite, gas range. $12;
3 attic rooms, pas range. $16;. single, $6...
TWENTT-SECOND. 3447—2 furnished house-
keeping rooms: air complete.:
24TH. 1 3305." nr. Mission— 2, nicely furn.connec
rms... $15; alro 2 small . unf urn.. $5,' gas. yrd.
ADVERTISEMENTS," FUbscrlptions received at
. 'Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
¦ , APARTMENT HOUSES.
€T. LOUIE. 1575: Jackson— Marine new; 3-4-»
rooms: furn. or uoiur.; refs. TeL East 1360.
BIRTHS— MARR1AQES— DEATHS.
Birth; ma rrlaca and death 'notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted.. They must be handed
in »t cither of the publication offices ; and I be
indorsed with : the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. - - -. • : ' : " ',"'
BORN.
HEGERHORST— In this city. October 25, 1904,
to the. wife of John Al- Hegerhorst, a. son. •-
MARRIED.
FUNK— OETJENS— In this city. October 26.
1904. by the Rev. F. . W. Fischer, pastor of
Emanuel Evangelical Church, Walter L.
Funk and Annie Oetjens, both of San Fran-
ciscc. . ' . %. •
PHIPPS— WILSON— In thia city, October 2(5,
1004. by the Rev.' Edwin F. Brown, •. Eugene
B. Phlprs amd Ida H. Wilson, both of ¦ this
city.
REHDORF— OETJENS— In this city, October
26, 1904, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, pastor
of Emanuel Evangelical' Church. Frank
Rehdorf and Josephine Oetjens, both of San
Francisco. " ¦ .
SPORK— PATERSON— In this city.October 13,
1904. by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown. Ben-
jamin SDOrk and Elizabeth Patterson, both
of Palo Alto. ' ¦
DIED. v
Ahem, Daniel I . Martin. Cornelius
Bellis, Barbara B. • Melrs, * John *
. Bilz. MinnV» McCarthy, Charles
Busch, Francis J. McDonald, Julia .W.
Cameron, Mrs. H. II. Normand, Eugene C.
Carter, John T. Princeley, Wm. E.
Collett, ' Harry G. Renner. Margarethe
Conlin, Jchanna . Riedl.. Alois L.
Dean, Andrew J. - Rutherford. Helen G.
FIvaz, Louis Shaughnesey, Wm.
Ford, Agustus , Simon, Pauline ,
Harvey, Jean J. Stevenaon, Robert
Hayes, Ann Stoddard, Sarah A.
Hayes. Isabelle Tingley, Belfort A.
Illgbee, Thornton Turton, Harrv
Hinds. Firman D. Waldron, Edward L.
Hynes. Bridget Winters. Katie B.
Kane, Tina L.
AHERN— In this city. October 27, 1904, at the
residence of , his sister. Mrs. Jeremiah Mul-,
cahy. 124 Fourteenth street, Daniel, beloved
brother of Michael Ahern, Mrs. J. Muleahy
and Mrs. D. Sheehan. a native of Ireland.
¦ aped 58 years. .
BELLIS — In this city, Octot>er 26. 1004,
Barbara Bain, belovfcd wife of the late Henry
Bellis, and mother of Elizabeth. John O..
James H. G. and Florence E. Bellis. Mrs.
W. Hohn and Mr«. David F. Hampton of
St Helena, and grandmother • of Dorothea
* Barbara and Florence Hilda Hohn, a native
of Scotland, aeed 63 years 3 months and 12
days. (English and" Scotch papers please
copy.) ¦ — - ¦
(ETTriendi 1 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
October 28. 1904, at 1 :30 p. m.. from . her
late residence 203 Hoffman avenue, between
Elizabeth and Twenty-third streets. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BILZ — In Pleasanton, October 24, 1904. Min-
nie, beloved daughter of Mrs. ¦ M. K. and
the late J. A. Bilz. and sister of Mrs. E. It.
Slmard and Selma Bilz.
CTFTicnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. October 30, at 2 :30 p. m.. at the
Presbyterian church at Pleasanton. Crema-
tion at Oakland Crematorium Monday, Octo-
ber 31. at 11 a. m.
BUSCH— In this city. October 27» 1904,
Francis Joseph, beloved son of ¦ Joseph ¦ H.
and Mary E. Busch. and .brother of Mary,
Isabella and Katherine Busch, a native of
Sites. Cal., aged 2 years 3 months and 21
days.
CARTER— Entered into rest. October 26, 1904,
at his residence. 1915 Sacramento street,
John Turtin Carter, husband of Jane Carter,
and father of Mrs. C. C. Newhall and F. S.
Carter, a native of England. a«ed »«J years
and 16 days.
£7 Interment private.
COLLETT— In this city, October 26, 1904,
Harry Georre. beloved husband ¦¦ of May
Collett. and son of Selina and the late Harry
G. Collett, and brother of Mrs. Frank Gum-
per. Mrs. Charle* Barry and Charles W..
Walter S.. Herbert E.. Alfred E., Richard
C. and Albert V. Collett and the late Mrs.
W. H. Smith, a . native of San Francisco,
aged 26 years 5 months and 19 days. :
C7Friends and acquaintance! are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). October 28, at 9 a. m., from the
family residence, 1616 Leavenworth. street,
between Jackvon and Pacific, thence to the
Church of the Advent," Eleventh street, near
Market, where services will be held, com-
mencing at 10 a. m. Interment Mount Olive;
Cemetery.
COXLIN— In Oakland. October 27. 1004,
Johanna Conlin. beloved wife of John Conlin,
' a ¦native 5 of Connty*Cork, Ireland, aged 5S
jears.- " ' :
DEAN— In Haywards, October 26,: 1904 An-
drew J. Dean, M. D., \.«lov«*d eon of Johanna
and the late John Dean; and . cousin . of An-
drew P. and James E. Dean, a native of To-
ledo, Ohio, aged 46 years 3 months and 6
days.
ETFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to atend the funeral services
Saturday. October . 29. . at 10 a. : m. t . at . All
Saints' Church, Haywards, where 1 a solemn
requiem hich ' mass will be celebrated for
the reooEe of his soul. Interment Catholic
Cemetery, Haywards. . . ;'
FIVAZ— In this city. October 25, 1904. Louis. ¦
beloved husband of the late Mary Fivaz, and
father of Henry L. Fivaz, a native of
Switzerland, aged 65 years. . .<
IC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
October 28, at 10:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of laccberl, Duclos & Co., «29 -Broadway,
between Dupont and Stockton streets. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by 11:30 train
from Third and Tcwnsend streets.
FORD— In this city. October 26, ' 1904.
Agustus, beloved son of Elizabeth and the
late Geonre Ford, and brother of -George,'
Edward, Frederick, Mary and Gertrude
¦ Ford, a native of San Francisco. ¦ : . ;
E7The funeral will v- take place ¦ to-day-
(Friday), at 7:30 a. m.*, from the parlors of
Carew & English.- 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 8 a. > m.
. Interment strictly private. Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
HARVEY— In Oakland. October 27, 1904,' Jean
J., Infant son of John J. and Emma Harvey,
a native of Oakland, aged 3 months.
HAYES— In this city. October 27, 1904, Ann
Hayes, sister of Eugene and the late Daniel
Whelton. a native of Clonakilty. > County
Cork. Ireland, aged 69 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. 'Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707
Mission street.
HAYES — Entered Into rest. In this city, Octo-
ber 26. 1904. Isabelle. beloved wife of the
late Bartholomew Hayes, \ and mother r of
Bartholomew and John F. - Hayes and . the
late Minnie T. Hayes, a nailve | of - Ireland.
(Philadelphia papers please Copy.)
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 a.m., from her. late resi-
dence. 4C8 Ninth street, between Harrison
and Bryant, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a ¦ requiem high mass will be cele-
' bra ted for the repose - of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 a. m. . Interment private, Holy
> Cross Cemetery.
HIGBEB— In this dtr, October 27, 1904.
Thornton Higbee,* beloved husband of Eliza-
beth Higbee. and father of Berice,* Marjorle
and Theodore Higbee, and son of Mrs.- Sulli-
van, and brother of Alice Cleveland, and.
Annie Winters, and stepson of Samuel . Sul-
livan, a native of Missouri, .aged; 32 -years
7 months and 5 days. ¦. . . ./,. ,
CTFriends and . acquaintances are respect-'
fully invited to attend .- the . funeral services
Saturday, October 29. at 1 :30 p. - m., ¦ at the
parlors of. the California : Undertaking Com-,
pany, 405" Powell street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery., - ~
HINDS— In Oakland. October 26, 1904^ firman
Denton Hinds, husband of Emma L. winds,
and father of VUa and Edgar Hinds, a na-
tive of New Jersey, aged 08 years and 5
months. : - •*
HYNES— In this city. October 2B. 1904, Bridget
Hynes,' a native of County Galway, Ireland,-
. aged 05 years...' . ¦ .- : -• ,
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ' to ! attend the funeral services
Friday, October ;28. , at 9 a. ' m.. at themor- .
tuary chapel ,o£ J. S. Godeau, "306' Mont- <
Konwry avenue.- thence to : St. ¦; Francis
Church. -v where a requiem > hlgb mass will' be
celebrated . for ¦ the repose of her: soul,, com-
mencing . at 9:30 . a. . ' m. Interment ' Holy
Cross Cemetery ,1 by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets. " .'.,.,.
KANE— In Ventura.' suddenly, of heart failure,'
October 25; 1904, Tina L., member of 'Ursula
'Parlor No. . 1,> Jackson., and senior past grand
president of the: order N.-D. .G..-W. « -
Native Daught/ers of the^ Golden r- : West— '¦'
Officers and. members of the Grand'and t«ub-
ordlnate parlors: You . are ;• hereby; notined
,that ; the funeral of Tina L." Kane, . our j late
sister and senior past ¦ grand president, ' will
take place at . Jackson, Amador ' County, on
Sunday. .October ¦¦ 20. .. To ; connect, with the
' Jackson stage at 'lone take the t 8:30' a., m.-
boat at the Oakland ferry . on ' Saturday. . .
LAURA J. FRAKES. Grand Sec N.D.G.W.*;
MARTIN— In r this "¦ city,\ October : 26, ? 1904," at
; his ¦ residence, '* 30 Chattanooga' street, Cor-
nelius, ; belovedj father of, John jB.,- David C'l'
, Frank ¦ A.. . Cornelius L., .' jFrSrV- G. t * Rev.* V.
:",. G.. Anita, Elirabeth 1 and "FhlllprL. "Martin,
a native of Ireland,"- aged 76 years. - ¦ ¦>. -^ ¦¦..*•
r CTFtlends and. acquaintances are reapect-
- fully : invited .tc? attend "the; funeral' Saturday.
October '29, at i J> : a. ¦ m.,' from h is late res I -
¦ dence, A0 Chattanooga street; Whence » to : St.
Ja mes Church." corner Guerrero and •: Twenty-
tilrd streets, , where a.' solemn ".requiem : high'
HENRYJilcALLACHERfca
. (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIELS P.^ DONOVAN, « Mgr. »
rrJNEBAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth . st.; 1 opposite ; Lincoln - School. , .
-. Telephone; South; 80. x. ,^'yvV.
UNlTBpi jUNDERTAKBRsI:
Funeral j Directors "and' Embalmers— —
. '. - Formerly n r In 1 Metropolitan | Templa.^' s; 1 r .''v 3
', NOW^: at 866 , MISSION. :. -Tel. ,: South » 16T. >
: ; Between > Fourth . and' Fifth.'. near Fifth ¦ st. " "
Finest - Equipments at Moderate ; Bates. > :
t mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul.- commencing,- at: 9:30 a. m. Interment
' Holy Cross Cemetery." via the electric funeral
ear from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
: Please, omit flower*. ¦ ',
MCCARTHY— In this city, October 26. •: 1904.
Charles, ; husband of the late Mvr McCarthy.
I a . native - of ; County Cork. Ireland, aged • 85
years."'- ¦-•.¦¦:¦••¦¦¦¦¦•..:- . % : •'-.V/;
ICTThe ,. funeral will take place to-day
: (Friday),* at 0:45 a.m., from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co. 767 Mission street,
thence, to * St. .Patrick's : Church,.- where a
- requiem - high : mass will be celebrated | for
the repose of his soul at 10 a. m. -Interment
. Holy ¦ Cross Cemetery, by 11 :30 a. m. train
. from Third and Tawnsend streets.
McDONALD^-In thisVity". October 26. 1004.
Julia W.; dearly, beloved wife of William
McDonald, and loving daughter of Kdward
-and Julia Eustace, and sister • of Agnes,
... Jame» and Annie Eustace, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 yearo 5 months and . -8
. days. ¦¦»¦• ¦•¦¦¦-. ¦ ~ ¦ .' . . ¦ ' ¦• ¦
Cy Friends. and acquaintances are resppect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday),- at : 8:30 a. m., from her- late:
residence, 241 Sweeney street, thence to All
Hallows' Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her sou 1 '
commencing at 0 - a.' m. Interment Holy;
Cross Cemetery.'
To the Officers and Members of Teresa
Inttitute No.-' 20 Young Ladles' Institute —
Dear Sisters : You nre hereby nourted to
attend the funeral' of our late sister. Mrs.
Julia . McDonald. Saturday, October 29. at
8:30 a. m.V from 241 Sweeney street. \
XATHERINE BAXTER. President.;
M." E. GANNON. Recording Secretary.
ME1RS— In this city, October 2rt, 11)04, John
Melrs. a native of Germany, aged 77 years.
. A Veteran of - the Grand Army. "
lE?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral sen'ices
Saturday, October 29. at 1 p. m.,' at the
n-.ortuary | chapel of Julius S. . Godeau. 305
Montgomery avenue. ! Interment National
Cemetery, Presidio. .
NORMAND— In this city. October 27. 1904.
Eugene ; C; dearly beloved husband of Vlc-
torine Normand; and beloved father of Paul
A. Normand,. Mrs. G. Thomas and. Mrs.
Adeline Aeulrre, and brother of Pauline
Normand. 11 native of France, aged 74 years.
lETNotice of funeral hereafter.
PRINCEI^EY— In the 'City and County Hos-
pital. October 27, 1904. William E. Princeley,
a native of California, aged 45 years.
RENNER— In this city, • October 25, 1904,
Margnrethe, beloved wife of the' late John
Renner, and devoted mother of Sophie,
, Hedwlg. Guatave A., Carl R. and Pauline
Renner and Mrs. J. P. Spaar, a native of
Hochhelm. 'i am . Rhine. Germany, aged 56
years 6 months and 8 days. - :
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). October 28. at 2 p. m., from her
late residence. IC60 Mission street, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
RIEDL— In this city, October 26, 1904, Alois
Louis Rledl, dearly beloved husband of Dora:
Rledl, and beloved father of Annie and Mabel
Rledl, a native of Vienna, Austria, aged 40
year 0 months and- 10 days. A member of
South San Francisco Lodge No. 45. K. of P.
CFtlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday). October ,29. at 1:30
p. m., at the parlors of Gantner Bros., 1209
Mission street, between Eighth and Ninth,
under the auapices of South San Francisco
Lodge No. 45. K. of P. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
RUTHERFORD— In this city. October 23, 1004.
Helen Grace, dearly beloved daughter . of
Thomas and Mary Rutherford, and beloved
sister of Andrew . Rutherford, a native of
* San Francisco, aged 3 years 11 months and
12 days.
IET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 p. m., from the residence of
her parents, 11 Duboce ave. (formerly Thir-
teenth street). Interent Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery.
SHAUOHNESSY— In this city. October 26,
1004, William, dearly beloved husband of
* Ida C . ShauKhneesy. and dearly • beloved
father, of Margaret. Ida. Ella, Myrtlce.' Alice
and Willie . Shaujehnessy and the late Frank
Sha'Jghnessy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 47 years 8 months and 11 days.
ir7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from his
late residence, corner Twenty-fifth and . Fair
Oaks streets, to-morrow (Saturday), at 1:30
p. m.. thence by electric funeral . car fiom-
corner. Thirtieth street and San Jose avenue
: at 2 p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
Stanf ord " Parlor No.' 76, N. S. G. - "W.—
Members are requested to assemble at 342
Fair, Oaks street to-morrow/ (Saturday)
promptly at 1 p. m. to attend the funeral
of our late member, William Shaughnessy.
. By order of the parlor.
. - . . CARL T. GRANZ, President.
FRED H.. JUNO. Secretary. . - U<} '.4
SIMON— In this city. October 27. 1904, Pauline,
beloved wife of ¦ M. Simon, and mother of
David add, Isaac . Simon and the late Abe
and Sam Simon, and elster of Sol. Joe, Saul
and the !at* Joachim Jonas and . Mrs : L."
Dresner, a native of . Rogasen, Prussia,- aged
78 yeai* and 10 months. (Placerville and
New York papera Dlease copy.)
--. ICTNotlce. of funeral hereafter. , ,¦ .
(STEVENSON— In this • cityfOctober 27, 1904,
Robert.' Stevenson, beloved husband of Mary
Stevenson, and father of Mrs. James Har-
rold, Mrs. George Angle,' Mr«. A. A. Gnar-
inl and Wallace and Bruce Stevenson, a na-
tive of: Warwick. Scotland, aged 78 years
and 10 months.
STODDARD— In this city.- October 26 1904,
* Sarah A. Stoddard, beloved wife of the late
¦ J. D. Stoddard. and mother of Dale, Judson,
Orln. William and Frank' Stoddard, Mrs. C.
L. Smith. and-Mrs. L. Mi Prunty. a native
of EDgland. aged 68 years 6 months and 3
days. , . ;¦¦' .•". • ¦
' ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 a. m., from her late resi-
dence -332 Seventh street, where services will
be held: Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TINGLEY— In this city. October 27, 1904,
Belfort'A., beloved husband of Lucrata A.
Tlngley. and brother of Frank Tingley, a
native of Canada. (Moncton; Canada, papers
I please copy.) -
TURTON— In Fresno. October 24, 1904.- Harry,
beloved son' of Annie H. and the late Henry
Turton of Lahalna. island of Maul, Territory
of Hawaii, and brother of the late Frank
N. Turton.
: (C^Kemalns at the funeral parlors of the
H. F. Haass Company, , 917 Mission street.
WALDRON — In this city. October 26. 1904,
Edward L.,.beloved husband of Bessie Wal-
dron, and son of Mrs/L.C, Waldron of
" Glovernville. N. Y.. a native of New York,
aged 37 years.
'¦ E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 p. m.., from the parlors of the
. Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Company,
- - 20 Fifth street. Inttrment Odd Fellows',
•Cemetery. • ¦ \ ' -.
- : Officers end . members of Calumet Tribe
No. 149, Improved O. R.^M., are. requested
" to assemble at the parlors of the - H«nry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company,\20 Fifth
street, to-day (Friday), at 1 p. m.,\to attend
the funeral of Brother Edward L. Waldron.
¦By order -of J. -D. RALPH, Sachem.
H. J. WILLIS, Chief Recorder.
WINTERS — In the City and County Hospital.
t - October 27, 1904, tfati* B. Winters, a native
- of Nova Scotia, aged 3C years. -
MEMORIAL SERVICE.
. Memorial services for the late Mrs. Han.
¦ .nah House Cameron will be : held on Satur-
; day. October 29. at 11 a. m., in the Ad-
' ventist Church, on Laguna street, I near Me-
- Allister. Friends are Invited by her children.
" -Mrs. C. W. Balnbridge, Mrs. John R. Martin
: and Benjamin Otis. Cameron, to attend..
jTT .;¦¦¦', ID© On Sunday, October 30, THE
if 1 """"" '¦ .; _- i^^ -CALL will "begin the . issue of a
I _ g* J^ g J '^ bright, up-to-date Comic Supplement,
'\B#/TLEs#fc/.>jP fuUof wit' and 'innocent humor. This-
v supplement iTwiU. be ;. printed in three ;
|W «1 Vw and four bri8ht coIors an<1 readily
¦^>«f ",T appeal* to our : young friends and »
f\-*^ fk JT W f\ readers ¦' in the many homes on the
C-CJJVllCf Pacific Coast to 'which THE CALL
; -^jf .^^. " **. is so welcome a visitor. -
SECTION Agents and Dealers
¦'- v " ' ' ' ' ' '"•' ¦¦'¦ ¦ • . ' "¦"¦¦ ' ¦ ¦- * ¦ ¦.¦ ** * ¦>¦
,...,....,-.--..¦¦ — ~~~ unquestionably, require an addi-"
;¦-¦-. '•.-, ,- : 'tional 'number yof papers to supply the
Good NeWS for OUT rapidly increasing demand for .THE
- ¦ »¦¦ -j_-' ,, ••¦i',-t.j 1 ¦ ."'' r .\ r r£- 'CALL '¦(¦¦¦' ' " " ¦ '¦'' ' *' • - - ' •'
— YOUng FnendS and at will be advisable to border eariy:-
Readers. ffiHWIlm Wm
'¦'. : ' .-¦..-¦ . . .- . ¦ ¦ . ,.
,^^w'": y ' : ' ¦'-'••:'¦ ' "¦ :•¦¦:-•-.¦-¦'¦-;.•¦•¦'.- ¦ ¦ ¦. . ¦..'-.•.¦¦•---•.¦-¦¦¦¦•• -¦'¦- ¦'_CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
j There was a marked diminution In business
on the Stock and Bond Exchange and fluctua
tions . were fewer and narrower than of late.
Alaska Packers was dull at $90 60097. only
thirty shares selling. There Is evidently a
disposition among holders of the stock to wait
awhile and see what. actiqs>: the company will
finally decide upon In rearranging its affairs.
Gas and . Electric was higher at $57. There
were no other . changes of ; Importance.
There was rather more doing In the. oil
stocks, but the mining stocks showed no va
riations worthy ; of note. •-.'..'. *
Late assessments are: • London Oil Company.
l"*ic. delinquent November 19; -Great -Western
Oil 7 V5c, November 25; Thomas Mining Com
pany, -25c.. November 14;. Hubbs * -Miner
Ditch Company. • 75c, - November ,15: Con.
People's Ditch Company.- $10. December- 17;
Sin Domingo Gold Mining Company, 25c. No
vember 22. ¦ .• .
Late ' dividends are : -. Imperial ; ' Oil Com
pany, - a monthly dividend of 20c per . share,
amounting to $20,000, and the Thirty-three Oil
Company, a monthly of 10c per share, amount
ing^ to $10,000. both payable November 5; Ho
nokaa Sugar Company, a monthly of 10c per
share.. November . 1 ; Onomea Sugar Company,
a monthly of 20c per share. -November 5; Ana.
conda Copper Mining Company of Montana,
50c per share. ¦ payable November 18: Montana
Ore Purchasing Company, a regular quarterly
of $2 per share, payable November 14. ..-.
STOCK AND. BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Oct. 27—2 p. m.
, UNITED STATES BONDS.
•Bid. Ask.1 * • ... Bid. Ask.
4s "qr coup..l06«£l06% 4s qr cp new.- — - 132«
4s' qr reg.-.100%106%|3s qr coup... 104 %10«
MISCELLANEOUS i BONDSw
Ala'A'.W.Ba, — — Oak T Co 6s-120 - 121 V4
Auso Oil 5s. 79 .-— . Do 6s .....U2« —
Bay CPC 5s.l01V102ri * Do con 5«. 103 t,l 05%
Cal C G 58.102%—/ Oceanlo S 5s. — —
Cal G & E g Ora Cable 6s.l20
. m <fe ct 5s. — 81% Pac G Im 4s. — . VT
Cal-st C 58.114^4 — P E Ry 5s.. 104X108
C C Wat 6s. — — . P s O H «s.lO4 —
EdL * P 88.125 .- — .-" P * O R 68.114^115
F A C H 6s. — — Powell-st «s. —
Geary-st 5s.. 50 ,— Sac EG4R.'»a.lO2HlC2%
H C&S 5V4«-1O5 — SF A SJV5s.llS —
. Do 5s V..'.'99%1 Sierra R Bs.. — __
Hon R T 6s.l07?4 — 8 P of, A 6s .
LA Elec 5s. — 103*4 fl»C9) ..:..1C8« __
L A Ry 5-S..U5V4 — (1810> ...;. 100*2 _
LALC06S — — SPofCUs
Do gtd 6s. '— — ' (1905)Sr A.101 lOiu
Do gtd 5S.101. 103% "(1S03)Sr B.lOOtt -_>
LAP lem 5s.l02 ; •. — <1DO»T) .... .104 ti _ .
Mkt-st C 6S.116 . — H912) .....1M% _
Do l«n 5s.ll6«4ll6%8 SPC 1 eg 5« 117"2 _
¦ MVA MtTSs.-— ¦-"— ¦ J Do stampd. — —
NRR of C6s.lO6% —JSP B R Cs.1.t4m.l5U
~. , Do 3* . . - . 11« - — I S , V .Wat Cs.104 < _
N ; P CR 5s.lO6aj1<T7HI . Do,4s 2dm.l(ni410m
,N C Ry.So.;; — ;¦ 112 , • Do 4s 3dm. 09*4 —
iN:C P C-SavlUH'-r ¦ Do g mt?4s 9«V» —
N S R R SS.101H. — - Stkn G*E««. 91 .
OG ¦ LAH .-W. — ¦ ¦ 110U U- G A -E 5«.102t4* ~ - ,
o-.w rtd 5s.*— ;;.i«i..irnnf pf 4s. ssvi '—•¦.
¦ ¦': ¦- ':,' WATER STOCKS." - y
Contra' Co«ta— --. 35' 1 Pert Costa..'. — ;— ' •
Marln Co...,— -TO' | g;V;Wst Co."*3a -394
' - -r ,; GAS, AND ELECTRIC.
Cent.L A P.;>314: 3%'8'F.G A E. 57H — "
Mutual- E L. — 12 IStkn G A E»— v 5%
Pac L Ca.. KJ% — ' lu G A E.Ca — — .
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange was firmer all over the
world. Silver advanced ->4c. - .
. local: .
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87 V4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88^
New York Exchange, sight — , 07 V»
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars «% @ 40
1 INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris .5.15%
New York on Mexico..... '.;... 215$
Parlsjton London ...'.... .s 25.11 ¦
Berlin on London ....:...¦........•,... . 20.84 H
' . Wheat' and Other Grains. ' ' "'
WHEAT— The "foreign* markets were firm.'
with higher futures. Chicago waa also frac
tionally higher. •¦-'-.„•• .
, . The Chicago letter . of E. F. Hutton & Co.
¦ said: n -;- •- .,;. - ••'-* ¦-'• "'. ¦.¦¦;.' ¦ " " : '
¦:'. "Broomhall " cabled that the advance .In
Liverpool was caused by the extremely grave
political- situation abroad. ¦ Price Current re
ported Wheat crop fine, * enlarged ' area, :, bull
ish There was general buying at the opening
on the ' war news, the •¦ market holding very
steady - during the first hour. The - Northwest
sold through commission I houses, causing I the
market to break under • yesterday's . close. The
market' on the- whole -waa a nervous affair,
traders -holding .rathet* close . to . shore. On
good buying by Cudahy brokers. the pit crowd
got . long; but on a let-up .'from that source
they dumped their '-¦ Wheat ¦ at the ¦ close.' • The
cash situation slightly Improved. The Flour,
situation -. reported - from ' Minneapolis ¦: Is ¦ very
slow • and disappointing.- Aside i from , the war
news we see nothing of a very urgent charac
ter to buy Wheat j on Just now. We still be
lieve it- will, be a scalping market, and.traders
should "be content """ with moderate • profits on
either side.'/
¦: In this market futures .were higher, but the
cash grain was • unchanged. ¦
CASH. WHEAT.
California Club, $1 i45®1 52H ; . California
White Australian./! $l*fi&ai-62H;. Northern,
Club, $1 4561 52 V4 : » Northern Bluestem. } $1 eo :
®1 WVi per cti. " ?&£%SS£SBB6&bB&
"• - * "F"TJTTIRE^ ' -"
..; Session, 0 to il:30'a. m.* - ,'
-Open.-; " V» High. -..'¦¦¦ Low. Close 'r
December... $1.4-* $1 «% $1 44 $1 44%
May ;.:.....! ¦*«"..^ 1 >?* ft* «K V«H ;
• . - 2 p. m. Session.
Open." High."' Low." Close *
¦December ...$1 46^4 $1 45U $1 45% $1 45^;
May ...-..'... ; l,47%-,. 1.47% „ 1 47%: 1 47^
r BARLEY— -There was no change In the situ.:
ation.'-- * Sellers . reported I the ¦' demand : for '. cash .
grain very., dull.' Futures 'developed : a - firmer'
tone In * the afternoon. i^-?Sfe:SSf^5a®^3gHBHHl
V '-;; v CASH; BARLEY. -.V \
•-: Feed, '$i@l HVi: -Brewing' and- 'Shipping.'
$1'12%O1 15;;- Chevalier. * $1 17H©1 '22% - per
cental. •aswWW9wMWBWWsMW!i*wH'B»s»MsB-ttwtsBa«isw
.--".¦--' FUTURES. '•->.
¦¦¦'!¦ Session ,9 to 11:30 a. mr ' . '
£•;- ':-¦ - ;Open;> >Hlgh." V .Low/ - Close. \ ;
December V..$l 07, V" $1,07 v $1 07 '$107
May — No sales :?$1 07 Vi masked.' V '¦ '-, i.
1 T-' : 'XV(";ijCi':S-,2Jp. 1 ini.*.;--3esslon.' i }.-.:'*;.'^.;C. , ¦..
December-i-No sales; $1 07%bld; $1 07% asked I'.
May— No! nales ;\ $107 }4. bid. . : "¦
': OATS-fContlnue**:linch'anged in . price,', with' 1
offerings'ample and ' the demand nothing extra.;.
• . White, v $1 40@1t 56 Vi: -^nominal:.
Red -. for • feed," $1 : 32^501 45 for - No. -. 1 ¦ and ¦
$1 22V401' 30 for No. • 2; r. extra fine • for seed.''
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Trade In Apples was rather quiet.' but prices
showed no change 'and there was continued
firmness In fancy stock, while the lower grades
were' inclined to easiness. '/For ; California
stock $1 10 . per - box was considered an ex
treme figure i for anything but the Splzenberg
variety, which still sold at $1 25. Some other
varieties from outside points also sold up to
the ¦ top ' quotation. Another : car of assorted
Oregon fruit was marketed,' Table Grapes
were wanted for shipment on the Puget Sound
steamer : and choice . stock - In crates - sold up
to 85c per crate for all varieties, except Ver
del,'-for,; which ' 65c wss an -, extreme figure."
Large boxes * arrived freely and were -weaker.'
with -comparatively few t sales .reported' above
$1 25 per box. Strawberries and Raspberries
cleaned '. up well • at about previous ¦ prices.- : the
demand and supply, about balancing.- There
were plenty - of . other deciduous fruits to be
had 'and the quotations showed but slight va
riation. Citrus . fruits were In fair .request
and 'there was a scarcity of choice Lemons.
Navel Orantres were selling at $3*33 50. and
new crop Grape ' Fruit at $3 oer box. . . ;
. STRAWBERRIES— $7@10 per chest "• for
Loncworths. $2®3 60 for Malindas and $2 50(95
for Cheneys. - ¦ ¦¦¦•'. ¦: ¦ •
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.'
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb."
¦ CRANBERRIES— $2@2 75 per box for Coos
Bay -and $7 50®8 50 fo r Cape Cod. / - .
. APPLES-^$iei 25." for- fancy. 65@90o for
choice and 30050c 'for common. -' . ;-,.
¦•.; PEARS— Winter Nellis, $1®1 25 per box;
cooking' varieties '. 40(875c 'per box."- 1
' PERSIMMON8— 50-885c per box.-
POMEGRANATES — 10©60c for small and
$1<S1 75 for large boxes. s -
QUINCES— 25@50c per'box. - '
? : FIGS— 75c©$l : per ¦ box/. >
•MELONS — Cantaloupes. 50@75c; Nutmeg
Melons. • f i5@50o ¦ per box; Watermelons. $1@2
per dozen." *.¦'¦'-'¦¦, : • " ¦ . '
, GRAPES-^-Table -. . varieties. : 40®85c for
crates, . 30<940c for . small ; boxes and 75c9$l 35
for open; boxes.
CITRUS - FRUITS— Oranges. ; $3 5ftg4 per
box ' for Valenclas;. Lemons. >$2 50^3 for
fancy.- $1 75@2 25 ; for choice ;¦ and $1 2501 50
for .'standards; Grspe Frult.> $2 50®3; - Mexi
can Limes, $4@4 50, per case; - Bananas. $2@3
per :' bunch i for ¦ Central '-, American and $1@2
for • Hawaiian : Pineapples. '. $1 50@3 * per • dozen.
STOCK MARKET.
Trading in Local -Securities . Shows s
* - Falling Off. .
New York Sloney Market.
NKW TORK, Oct. 27.— Close— Money on call,
•tr-ady. l«>,«ji% per c*nt; closing bid and
offered. 2 per cent.
Time loan*, easy and dull; sixty days 3 per
©ent; ninety days, 314 per cent; six months.
8% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4©5 per cent.
Sterling exchange, etrong. closing easier
with actual business In bankers* bills at
»4. 867064.^67"* for deir.and and at $4.S4@4.S4C3
for sixty-day bills; posted rates, $4 84S&4 85
and 4 87H: commercial bills. $4 83*4-
Bar silver. 5b %c.
Mexican dollars. 4614c.
Bonds — Government, steady; railroad, -weak.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 27.— The war scare raged
with great viol- nee in Wall street for a time
aad raraeed the speculative price-level to
•which the market had been lifted, but before
the cloee of the day quieter council* prevailed
and the question began to be asked whether
In the event of actu&l hostilities between Rus
sia and Great Britain. American Investment
»roj*rtles would be hurt in the proportion indl-
Scated by the plunge ot prices during
the mcrning. *The action of the market in com
perlscn with that of other securities markets
locked as though the damage from the threat
ened clash would converge on American securi
ties. The inference was plain that a weak
technical poelUon made this market entirely
Eusceptibl« to a sudden unfavorable develop
ment. This condition of the market has been
pretty plain to careful observer* for some time.
The uneasiness regarding the position which
has grown up with the ¦ evidences of top
hrai-in» ss for the - last few days was aggra
vated by the warning offered by President Hill
of the Great Northern in a quoted opinion on
the course of the speculation that operators
"bad better be a little cautious or they might
get bumped." The war scare administered the
bump, and it proved rather severe. A decline
in a few minutes of 2 to 3 points running gen
erally through the active list was sufficient
to throw out many speculative holdings and
to necessitate great agility on the part of
holders o* very much larger amounts to pre
vent sacrifice and an Increase indefinitely of
the -pressure upon the market. As It was, the
uncovering of stop-loss orders precipitated
U.rjre speculative holders on the market and
broke tfirouKh all the artificial restraint*
sought ti, be opposed to the fall. The jump
In foreign «xchaage and the sharp running up
cf vhett were suggestions of the reality of
th* daarer in the crisis. But the exagger
ated effect upen the stock market was a
demonstration of the artificial conditions which
•ud tx-en tuilt up there. The same thing was
a.|->arrnt in the heaviness of the declines - in
stocks which have b?en most subjected to the
bcf-Rfmc process, although the Intrinsic value
of the properties thus represented would be
no more Impaired by an Anglo-Russian war
than would any others In the list of securities.
The stability of bond prices was an additional
illustration of the losses in that department
being almost confined ur convertibles, or such
£« Y'A u*-ov«-d in sympathy with the undue ad
vances-in their allied clocks. T-ie most direct
effect of the foreign situation upon our affairs
was the additional engagements of gold for
export to Paris. The crisis In the International
m XlmlT% caonot be held responsible for this,
•which Is In preparation for a further Russian
loan in th* regular prosecution of the war with
Japan. The threatened Impairment of bank
resource* Is an admonition against excessive
ii^cuUtlon at an unstable level of prices with
torrcwrd money. Reassuring ad vices, concern- |
lr.c tl.c t-TCifprot for an Anglo-Russian settle
ment were of no Influence fora time, but the
market made : a substantial recovery : tn the :
nuietrr nwo-1 of the lat'r trading and the
loi*« were largely repaired. „ The bull control !
•a-a» acatn «*ierted and'.' the '.-. market again!
showed the rtli*f afforded .by, the shaking out
of «r.wi»-ldy wruJaih-e-: accounts. United
Ktate* Steel' preferred •- rallied poorly, and
Ontario and We«tera . «uff ered from an alleged
hitch «n the New Haven • cent rol movement.
The do-slne market was VgeneraJly ¦ firm - and
aC BGD*is -n+re weak, with some recovery. Total
J« par value. $1,395,000. '
UnlteJ States bonds were unchanged on call.
New York Stock 'List/ -
"E F. - Hutton A Co., 490 ' California ; street.
Sad*" Francisco, ¦ members of ¦ the New -; York
LOCAL MARKETS.
Receipts of -Produce. "
FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER 27.
Flour, qr sk«... 16, 631 Hides. No.. 231
Wheat, ctls ...'. 1,176 Pelts. No 37S
Barley, ctls 9.471 Tallow, ctls ...; 10
Oats, ctls ...... 4.109 Leather, rolls ... 349
Corn (West), ctls 60W Lime. bbls. 182
Beans, ska 8,453 Paper, reams ... 121
Potatoes, ska ... 1,572 Wine, gals 41,950
Bran, sks ..'.... 760 Brandy, gals . ... 6.750
Middlings, sks . . 1' ISO Sugar, ctls ..... 1.600
Hay. tons 640 Raisins, bxs .... 3.28*
Hops, bales 25!) Honey, cars .... 2
Wool, bales ..... 496 Broom Corn, bdls IT
EASTERN" MARKETS.
Butter, Cheese a-;'.' Eggs.
While several houses continued to offer But
ter at declining prices, tendering their best
goods to buyers at 24c. there were signs that
the downward movement had spent most of
its force, at least for the present. It was
evident from the expreselons of dealers that
the opinion was growing that the market had
got down . low enough and that . at present
quotations the goods could be worked oft. At
the «ame time wires from Los Angeles . re
ported that the market there had broken to
23@ 25c, which, of . course, prevents shipments
to that market. Perhaps more steadiness may
develop from now on.
¦'•: Cheese and Eggs remain as before quoted,,
but .the upward tendency In Eggs Is by no
means as pronounced as It has been, and in
fact ' the lower grades of Eastern are quoted
weaker in sympathy with lower prices in the
East. It is reported, too. that the high prices
for California, ranch are checking the demand
for this description. „ <
.Receipts were 21,100 '.lbs Butter. 632 cases
Egg's and 37,700 lbs 'Cheese.
- , BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 24@26c
for - extras and ' 20fg23e for lower - to medium
grades ; : dairy, 17@2Oc ; cold storage, ' 20@23c ;
-store Butter, 14@16c; Eastern cubes. 18<iJ22%c;
Eastern ladle-packed 15@16c. . _ .
CHEESE— 11%@12%c for choice mild new
and 9@10c for old; cold storage. 10%@llc;
Young Americas, 11% <Q 12c; Eastern, 10©15o
per lb. V; ¦¦-'.--•
EGGS — Ranch, 42@43c for large white se
lected,' 39@41c for good to choice and 3C@38c
for common; cold storage, - 25@30c ; store,
nominal ; Eastern. 25®28c for choice. 23®25o
for standards and 20@22c for seconds. ¦
... . Foreign Futures.
,-..->: .LIVERPOOL.
•whpat Dec. March. . • May.
Opening 7 6 7 7% 7 6%
Cto£n# 1 7 «* 7 7%,. 7.7
PARIS. —
Wheat — Oct - Jan.-Apl.
Owning "-g?S! 11 11
Closing.. 23 1B 24 45
Flour — z' „ «...
Opening... .....30 85 .8195
Closing 30 85 81 95
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOUIS, Oct. 27. — Wool steady. Medium
grades, combing aa<l clothing. 20@2(fc; light
fine, 17@18o; heavy -fine, 16@17c; tub washed,
22926c. ¦-
Northern 'Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 27.— WHEAT— For ex
port' Walla Walla, 83c;; bluestem, 86c; val
ley 86©87c. For Eastern markets: Walla
Walla, 84c; bluestem. 87c.
. WASHINGTON. .
TACOMA, Oct. 27.— WHBAT — Unchanged;
bluestem. 89%c; club, 85%c.
MISCEULiANEOUS MARKETS.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of domestic Poultry were nearly
100 j coops and,' although trade was nothing
extra, prices of all descriptions were well
maintained. ..'Large Hens and young Roos
ters had the most call while very Small Broil
ers were inclined to drag. The car of West
ern stock . that was : expected did not arrive,
but waa reported close at hand and will prob
ably 1 be available .to-day.
' Sound offerings ' of Game met with prompt
sale at good prices, j Widgeon and small Ducks
were higher. ¦ . , > f ¦.¦,-¦" ¦
POULTRY— Live Turkeys., old. 14®16c.Vper.
lb for Gobblers and 15@17o for Hens; young
Turkeys. 20iJj22c per lb: Geese, per pair, $1 50
62; Goslings. $2@2 25; Ducks. $4 60@5 per
dozen for old • and $S@8 for young; Hens.
$4 60(35 for small. and $5 COc&tJ for large; young
Roosters, $5 50®6; old Roosters. $4 50® 5; Fry
ers, $4 60®5; Broilers, $3(^4; Pigeons $123
per dozen for. old and $28225 for Squ&ba ¦
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $306 per dozen;
Canvasback, $3@7; Teal. $2 50@3; Sprig. $2®3-
Wldgaon. $2 60; -Red. Heads, $2@3; email
Ducks, $2; Gray Geese. $4; White Geese $160
(g-2; Brant. $1 50®2 60; Honkers, $3@5; Snipe
$3 for English and $1 50 for common; Doves-.
$1@1 25; Hare. $1 75@2; Rabbita. $2 for Cot
tontail and $1 60 for. Brush.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. $5@5 25; San Quentln.
$4 50; Wool Bags.- S0@32c; Fleece Twine. 7%o;
Fruit Bags, <5%@7%c T for ( white and- To for
brown Jute. . - . *. •. ; -. ¦ . .
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant. $8 60;
Beaver Hill. $5 50: Roslyn. $7: Coos Bay.
$5 SO; Richmond. $7 60; Cumberland. $13 tn
bulk and $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 5O@18 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 60 per short
ton. ,
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for caees
add 6c; Linseed. 63c per gallon for boiled and
51c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases.' No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' A A. cases.- $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 60o for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases,
65@80c per gallon- Cocoanut 'Oil. in barrels,
58c for' Ceylon and 55c for Australian; "extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c j natural winter
Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil ¦ 67c; natural Whale Oil, 62c: extra winter
strained "Lard Oil. 75c; v No: 1'lArfl Oil.' 65<J;
pure N eats foot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40e: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Pish Oil. 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 85c; boiled Paint OIL 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil," In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19%c; Astral. 19 %c;
Star, 19%c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 26»: Eo.
cene. 23e; Deodorised Stove Gasoline, in bulk.
16c; In cases. 22 %c; Benzine. In bulk. 13c: In
cases. 19%c; 86- degree Gasoline. In bulk. 25c:
In cases.- 31e. - : ¦ • . : •''.'¦••
TURPENTINE — flic per .gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, THO
7%c per lb :i White Lead. 7K©7\c. according
to quantity..
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per. lb In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c:
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 8.10c: Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, ¦ coarse,
6c; Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beat Granulated
(100-lb bags only) 6.90c; Confectioners' A, 6c;
Magnolia A, 5.60c; Extra C. 6.60c; Golden C.
6.40c: "D." 5.30c; barrels; 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes, 60c more; 60- lb bags
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels'
6.50c; boxes, 6.75c; H. Sc E. Crystal Dominoa*
9c per • lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
The New York wires of E. F. Hutton &
Co. yeeterday eaid:
STOCKS — The market was dominated by the
f.T«;r. political situation as a result of con
flicting advices and prices fluctuated rather
Widely. London sent lower price* and followed
with selling orders for about 60,00'i shares of
International stodu and, although It turned
buyer, the forelgi selling ,on balance was
heavy. The celling movement was Influenced'
In part by the engagement of $2.000,0<JO gold
tor export on Saturday. It Js a time for con
servatism in market operations and we advis*
Intending purchasers to wait for another set
back in the u.ark-t before coming In a* buyers.
Speculative centlnr.ect is mixed, with the con
sensus o: opinion rather bearish owing to the
b«:ief that the big financial Interests have un
loaded an enormous line of stocks, which It
will take the market some time to digest.
Meanwhile, during the process of digestion,
sr.aey observers feel that the general list will
be a sale on the rallies. They also make the
-point that technical conditions are different
from those last summer. Prices then were
low and an Immense short interest was out
standing. Big men here are in the stocks.
Quotations are on a high level and the rank
and file of speculators are long. Such con
siderations make conservative operators
what peesimietic. They say. however, they
are bearish only for a turn, as they can see
Bothint? (n the eituation on which to predict
* serious campaign for the fail, save a re
verse- for the Republican party.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mail advices from New York say:
"Ouito a demand for 80-90 anfl 90-100 Prunes
Is noted, which is said to come principally
from large department stores, which are fea
turing this fruit In their grocery departments. -
This demand, brokers reported yesterday. Is
being supplied with difficulty, there being few
prune* of these elzes offered on the spot. or.
from the Coast. According to one broker he
»M unable to secure a car load of the sizes
ramed from any holder of prunes on the epot.
The combined effects of scarcity and in
creased demand are ' causing an upward ' ten
dency to prices, particularly on the Coast,
¦where it if understood 90-10rts are not now
procurable at less than a '2c f. o. b. basis.
The only other prunes to which more than
parsing attention Is given by distributors at
pr**er.t are 40-5ob and 00-60s. which also are
scarce on th* spot and offered sparingly for
shipment from the Coast on a 2>4c f. o. b.
basis iur 40s regular count and 2c on the nine
point. Intermediate sizes are quoted on a
l-.sc f. o. b. Coas-t baeis. There is much com
plaint concerning delayed shipments from Cal.
ifornia. which are held to be due to the un
favorable weather conditions «i!l prevailing
there. The raisin market was without fresh
features oth»r than that presented by the rt
jport published In our last, that packers have
combined on the question of price to be paid
*»n raifcine 4n eweat-bcx. This, however, is
¦without immediate influence upon market con
ditions. There continues a fair demand for
both Coast and Eastern fancy seeded for
prumpt and early delivery at full price* but
this market -rho-fts little if any interest in
choice seeded. Nothing further has been heard
of the reported purpose of the Coast seeding
combine to reduce the price on choice seeded.
Irspcrted raisins are .quiet and unchanged
Cables from Greece report a decline in the
price of Currants for prompt shipment, and
it was said that London is trying to find a
market here. An eaeler feeling has been de
veloped in this market, end we n«ar of sales
of uncleaned Amalias tn barrels at 4-&c for
old and at a nhade under i%c for new There
*»s IJttle call for apricots or peaches but th»
market has lost none of its firmness particu
larly in connection with peaches which. It Is
eaid, sellers here would have difficulty to re
place on the Coast at a parity with present
epot prices. There Is some Inquiry for peeled
patches, which offer on the spot at 16&20c
a* to quality. Figs did not do so well at
yesterday's auction sale, the warm weather
putting a damper on the enthusiasm of buy-
Kansas City.
KANSAS .CITY, Oct. 27. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 10,000 head; market 5©10c lower. Na
tive steers, $4@6 20; native cows and heifers,
$1 5O@4 60; stockers and feeders. $2 25@4 25;
bulls, $1 T5it;( 26; calves, $2 75<S6; Western
steers, $3@4 60; Western cows, $1 60@3 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 80OO head; market 6c lower.
Bulk of sales, $5@5 15; heavy. $5 15#5 25;
packers. $5@5 20; pigs and lights, $4 80@5 10.
SHEEP — Receipts, 8000 head; market
steady. Muttons, $3 30^4 10; lambs, $4 25c2>
6 60; range wethers, $3 25@4 15; ewes. $2 50#
3 60; Utah yearlings. 110 pounds, $4 10.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Oct. 27. — CATTLE — - Receipts,
13.000 head, including 4000' Westerns; market
steady. ¦ Good to prime steers, $<Hi>7; poor to
medium, $3 75@5 75; stockers and feeders,
$2 255J4 25; cows. $1" 6084-60; heifers, $2#4 85;
canners, $1 50@*i 40; bulls, $2@4 25; calves,
$3@7; Texas fed' steers. $3 60©5 60; Western
steers. $3^5 25. ' -
HOGS — Receipts, 28,000 head, to-morrow 1S.
000 head; market a shade lower. Mixed and
butchers, $6@5 36; good to choice he4vy, $6 10
©5 40; rough heavy, $4 85®« 06; light. $4 90®
6 20; bulk of sales, $5 05©« 25.
SHEEP — Receipts, 18,000 head; market
steady. Lambs, unchanged ; good to choice
wet hen., $4©4 50;' fair to choice mixed," $3 25®
3 76; Western sheep, $3@4 60; native lambs,
$4@-Q 25; ; Western lambs, $4Q5 85.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Oct. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3500
head; market steady. Native steers. $4 25Q>
6 35- cows and heifers, $2 4<X3>3 75: Western
steers $2 90<@4 60; Texas steers, $2 70®3 70;
range cows and heifers. $2 25@\$ 35; canners,
Jl 60S2 15- stackers and feeders. ¦, $2 25®3 85;
calves,. $3®'ft, 60; bulls and stags, $1 60©3 25.
HOGS — Receipts. 6600 head; market 1 6©10o
lower. Heavy, $4 95@5 10; mixed; $4 97%(ij
6 02%; light, $5^5 15; pigs, $4 60#i 90; bulk
°'^HEEP $^'^P^0.W> SSSfSS
steady to strong- .Western yearlings. $3 .76©
4 25i wethers. $3 60@4 lOTewM.' $8-2B« tft
common and stockers, $2.50@3 85; lambs, $4 75
®5 60. ; . ' ¦ ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market reflected ' the . conditions
which havo "been noted almost daily of late and
there was continued weakness In river Bur
banks. Previous prices still ruled, however,
but trade was very quiet. . Onions were firm
and the best offerings of the Australian Brown
variety were, held at a slight advance.
String and- Wax Beans were in Increased
supply and lower, with the canners buying
No. 2 stock at the Inside quotation. The
other vegetables were In . good request and
generally, steady. Some fancy lots of Nursery
Tomatoes from NUee sold up to $1 per box.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 40©
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 30 per ctl;
River Reds. 75@85c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes,
75c@$l per ctl.
ONIONS— $1 35®1 65 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— String . and , Wax Beans,
1©2%C per lb; Lima Beans, 4%@5c
per lb; . Tomatoes,- . 50@75c per box; Sum
mer Squash, 60@75c per box; Cabbage, 60c per
ctl; Carrots. 76c per sack; Cucumbers, I35@60o
per box; Garlic. 4Vi@4%c per lb; Egg Plant,
35@60o pe r box; Dried Peppers, nominal; Green
Okra. C0@ 75c per box; Green Peppers, 30<S50c
per box; Mushrooms, 12%@20o-per lb: Mar
rowfat and Hubbard Squash. $10@12 per ton.
CATTLE, SUEEP AND HOGS.
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ' *
BEEF — 5@7c for Steers and 4Q5c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6%©7Hc: small. 7©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®7V4c; Ewe*, 69"c per
pound. ¦ '
LAMB— 8©9c per lb.
PORK— Dreased Hogs. 6©8c per lb.
LrVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40$?
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 7%@7%c: Cows and Heif
ers, 5%@6%c; thin Cows. 403c per lb.
CALVES— 4©4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%63%c; Ewes. 3®3%c
per lb (gross weight). - ,
LAMBS— $2 5Of3:2 75 per head, i
HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs 4Hc;
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under, 4%c;
ove r 250 lbs, 4%c; soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows. 20 per «ent off; Boars, 60 per cent off,
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. ¦ - ¦• • •. : ¦ -¦•.•¦ -¦¦•;¦ .
; INSURANCE
Firem's Fnd.310 340 |
BANK STOCKS. -.
Am Ntl Bk..l2e . ' ISO ' {L P * A.... ISO —
Anfrlo-Cal .. 83 — [Mer Trust.... — "235 -
Bank of Cal.424%425 I Moron Ex 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. —.150 |8F National — —
First Nation! — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
P*r S A L.233O — |Sav * L So.. — ICO
Hum S & U. — — 1 Sec Sav Bk.. — -42* • -'
, Mutual Sav. — ICO | Union T Co. . — ' —
i S F Sav U.B15 t — {- ¦¦ .,
STREET RAILROAD3.
Callfornia .. - 199 IPrealdio 3S 40 ,-
Geary — 40 j
POWDER.
I Giant 63 « I Vlxorlt — 4H
i - SUGAR.
: Hawaiian c- 64 6« j Makawell C. 27V« 2«H
Honokaa S C 14% 15%t Onomea S C 28% 29%
3!i tch 3 T C ft^ 10 IPaauhau S 0. 15 15^
I Kllauea S C. 2% — | .
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 97 D8 I Oceanic S Co. 3»4 t\
: Cal F C A. 90% — t Pac Aux FA. 4% —
S?, 1 .^. 1 "* A. — 80%tPac C Borx.lStt 157%
M\ & MtTm. — 105 I Pac S Tel Co. — U*
- SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
, 20 Alaska Packers* Association. . . 97 PO
120 Cal Fruit Canners' Association. 99 23
10O Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co. . 3 00
6rt Paauhau S P Co IS Oft
60 Spring Valley Water Co 39 37U
S2.000 Contra Costa Water ft per cent. 9* CO
$2,000 Spring Valley « per cent 104 «CI%
$10,000 United R R of S P 4 per cent. 85 50
Street—
15 Hutchinson SPCo... 9 75
$3,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5» 100 50
£1.000 Marke^-st Ry 1st con 5a. 118 75
I $6,000 Ustted R R of S F 4 per cent. 85 50 ,
. Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 9*3 37%.
, 5 Alaska Packers' Association. ... 96 50
8 Bank of California .-..«4 75
30 California Wipe Association... 80 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 15 0O
_. 5 S F Gas & Electric 67 00
$3,000 United R R of a F 4s cash... S5 25
Street —
. -5 & Onome* Sugar Co 29 CO
$1,000 N P C R R 5 per cent.. 107 OO
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Bay CPC 6s. ™" 103^1 SF A NP 5a.n2%
BfWftfe — "4%|S P C R 4*. 9S 108
S^ 1 ?? 5 ?" H113V »! S p Co 4H«.JOiV4ior
M C Wat 58.100 — [Sun Tel 6s?. .113 —
Ris I Wk*5a — 105. r Do 5s 105*4 —
SF B-rfk 4S.U2 - f Suttr-st 'RSs.lS^ -
MISCELLANEOUS BOJTD3.
Ala S Co. . . — 27 Lon& SF Bk. — 60 '
Amer Bis Co — 90 Mat Nav Co. 60 —
Cal Cot Mils SO — Nev Nat Bk.20O — -
Cal GAECor. 43 SO N S R R Co. JM4 —
C fockey Cl. — 112% X Cal P Co. 9% 10%
Cal Powder.130 145 Oak Bk Sav 120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I A T^— 155 IOOF Hall A «% —
Cen Bk. Oak — 73 Orpheura Co. — - 15$4 '
Chutes Co.. — 6V4[PacCCa* Co.135 —
City A C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co.KXJ —
Cyp Limp.. — 6% Paraf Paint. 39 —
East Dynm.. — 375 S F Drydock. — «5
DptPwd pfd — 83 SFASJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com ..38 — S J Wat Co.103% —
FNBk.Oak.120 — I SO A MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 50c 1 | Swiss- A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.107 115 (Truck Elect.. 11 —
Gas Con A.. 18% 19%|UR InC pfd. « 63%
Hono P Co.. — 27 I Do com ... U\i —
Do pool .. — 27 I
SALES.
Morning Session.
200 Fischer- Rebmann Theater Co.. S3
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$3,000 3 F & N P Ry 5 per cent.. ..112 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Stock— Bid. A»ked.
Apollo .• 45
Amociated Trust Cert 24 . 25 .
Caribou boo .'..;•*
Four C8 .!!!!
Home 85 JOO
Independence 28 " 29 '
j Junction ;......... 12
I Monarch (of Arizona) 50 4O
Monte Crtsto 70
Occidental of W Va OS .04
Oil City Petroleum 67
Sovereign ¦ 34
Sterling -2 20 ** 2 50
Twenty-Eight 9 50
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater ;. • 03 60
Morning Seaelon.
20O Home : .' 95
1100 Junction s 13
2000 Claremont 80
25 Giant 20
800 Home -....;......'..'.... 82H
800 Home . j..:'............ ;..; •• W
700 Wolverine. 4 • 43
- . Afternoon Session.
60 Fischer 1 ! : «O.
?.*lnlna: Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. .
Following were the sales on the San Fran*
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comatocks.
100 Andes .". 24! 2OO Sierra Nev.... 29
100 Con Cal A V.I 60! 1(O Union Con.... 3»
100 Crown Point., oh I 200 Utah 08
100 Mexican 1 201
Afternoon Session — Comatocks.
200 Alpha 181 200 Julia 07
200 Belcher 26t loo Kentuck 03
100 Bullion 20 10O Ophir 2 30
200 Caledonia .... 40; 10O Overman 14
100 Chollar 19! 40O Savage IS
200 Con Cal A V.I 65! 4CO Sierra Nev.... 27
10O Crown Point.. 0S| 700 Union Con .... 89
100 'Halo & Nora 57 100 Yellow Jacket 19
S00 Hale A Norc. 56! <
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I BM.Ask.
Alpha 1« 17tjuUa 07 00
Alta 04 0«[Justlee 08 Vt
Andes 23 241 Kentuck 02 <*
Belcher 2« 25 Lady Wash .. 02 06
Best & Belch.l 10 1 20 Mexican 1 13 1 20
Bullion 19 20 Occidental ... 74 W
Caledonia.... 89 40| Ophlr .2 23 2 30
Challenge ... IS 20 1 Overman ..... 14 13
Chollar ...... 18 WiPotosl ....... 13 15
¦ Confidence --• 83 90 Scorpion OS 07
Con Cal A V.I 53 1 60 Savage 27 29
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher... OT 09
Con NT.... 03 05 Sierra Nev. . . . 2<* 27
Crown Point.. 08 00 Silver Hill.... 51 13
E. Sierra Nev 03 C«i St. Louis .... W 10
Eureka Con.. — 60! Syndicate .... OS 08
Exchequer ... 43 471 Union Con ... 38 33
Gould A Cur. 14 151 Utah ;... 07 «•
Hale A Nora. 57 69( Yellow Jacket.' 18 JO
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIttLD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
10 000 Jumbo 60{- 200 Ton Betanont. : • Tf
200 MacNamar* . 30' 100 Ton t>f N<w..3 5O
100 Mont Ton ...t 95f
Afternoon Session.
200 MacNam&ra . . 29} 100 Too Midway...' 8*
60O Rescue XI 1 100 Ton of Ner.9^74
•600 Red Top .... 13f '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid.Aak.1. BM.Ask.
Ton of Nev.. — 9 75i Reseua Iff n
Mont Ton ,..IW1 93 Ray A O-Bri-m — . M
Ton Exten ..1 70 —Paymaster... 02 05
MacNamara , 28 301 UtUo Ton .. 2O —
Ton Midway.. 37 40 "»spermnza .... Ot 09
Ton Belmont.. 70^.72 Gold Anchor.. 20 —
Ton N Star... 18 19 Quiney 11 -
West End ... — IS N T Ton .... — »
Ton Gold Mt. 18 W .
Goldfield. BH
Sandstorm... '— 21|GoldfleW Mhk. —,.M
RedTop '.'...'*— 15! Jumbo 31 63
TONOPAH MININO EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Brunswick .. 06' 100O Gldfld Red L 04
flOOO EsT>«ra.nsa ... Oil 200 Jumbo- S3
200 Goldfleld Mln 46 1000 Jumbo ,81
100 Goldfield Mtn 471 110O MacNamara .. V 29
200 Goldfleld Mln 4AI100O MacNamara .'. SO
RAO Ooldfleld Min 50) 100 Mont Ton ...1 95
100 Goldfleld Mln 49| 1500 N Y Too .... 10
100 Goldfleld Mln 51I1C0O Ton Belmont.. 71
1900 Goldfield Mln 521 1750 Ton Gold Mt. 17
Afternoon Session.
200 Goldfield Mln 32', 50O Ton Belmont. . ¦ It
AOOO MacNamara . 2911400 Ton Belmont.. 71
ICO Mont Ton ...1 9611000 Ton Gold Mt. IS
100O N Y Ton 10| 500 Ton Gold' Mt. 17
1000 Rescue 101 500 Ton Midway;. 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. .". ;.:. ;
Bld.AJk.t tS&SB Bid.Ask.
Adams -09. 101 Mont Ton ...190193
Black Ants .. — 10« N Y Ton MCo — 08
Black Butte.. 18 — IN Y T Con M 10 —
Blue Bull M. 2S ,— I Paymaster ... 02 04
Booth M Co. 10 — Quiney. U —
Dlamondfleld. 43 * — Ray E»ten . . — C8
Eaperansa ... — Oil Ray A O'Brien 06 —
Gold Anchor.. 14 25jRay Ton -- -U
Ooldfleld B Bl — »* Red Top 14 13
Ooldfleld BAB — 14lR«iene — 1O
Goldfleld Dim! — . 2Of Sandstorm ... 23 23
Goldfield;Mln 50 JBlTpn Betaorrt.. 70 71
Gldflld Red L OS 07 Ton A Cal .. — 20
Go'dfleld SPk. — J? Ton PA^w'* °° "^
Goldfleld Ton. — HI Ton A Gt W. — 03
G«M M? Con! — WlTon Gold Mt. .1» —
HaielKtrk!: — » 12! Ton Midway.. 27, N
Jim Butler ¦• ¦ : - Ml Ton of N«. — 9 87%
JunUw- ...... 50- -SlTnn N Star... 18 —
Jumbo Ex .. IS IS Utopia .... 10 _
IJttle Ton .'. 25 — ! Vernal M Co. ft) 10
Luciv Toin. . - 101 West ; End . r. - - 14
MacNamar* - 23 — ' yjgEgB x
The FecllnR In Wall Street.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans came in heavily, again to the amount
of 13,828 sacks," making 45,511 sack* thus far
this week. The market continues quiet and
handicapped by the large quantity of damp
stock coming in. Wet Pinks are selling down
to $1. but 'Choice dry lots art* wanted and
firm at the 'advanced quotations 1 below. . 1 The
other kinds are unchanged and . featureless. ¦
Damp Dried Peas are now also being, re
ceived and quotations show a wider, range In
consequence. . ¦¦•¦¦-..• • ' ¦
BEANS— Bayos $2 75@3: Pea. $3 10@3 25;
Butter*. $2 75@3; small White, $3 15@3 40;
large White $2 40@2 65; Pink, $2.75<@3 25
for dry; Red. $4 25@4 50; Lima. $4 15@4 30;
Red Kidneys. : $4 60@4 75; Blackeyes. $2 60@
2 70 per ctl; Horse Beans $1 85@2 40.
1 SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25; Flax. $2@2 75; Canary. 6%
©7c; Alfalfa. 15%@16%c: Rape. 1%@2%c;
Timothy. 5%c; Hemp, 3%@3%c per lb; Millet,
2%®3%c: Broom Corn Seed, $20®21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $1 75@2 60; Green
Peaa. $1 75®2 50 per ctl. • .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There is nothing new to report under this
head. .Hides,* Wool and Hops all ruling firm
and In' demand, with stocks closely cleaned up.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culla and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c: medium. \9%c; light; • 9c; Cow.
HIdss. 9<; for heavy and 9a for. light:' Stags.
7c; Salted Kip. 10c: Salted Veal, lie; Salted
Calf. ll%c : dry Hides. 16%017c; dry Kip. 13®
14c; dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25-8>
40c each;' short Wool, 40065c each; medium,
75@90c; long Wool. $101 50; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large 'and $2@2 50 for medium.
$1 50@2 for small and. 60c for Colts; Hors»
Hldea, dry. $1 75 for largs and $1 50 for me
dium. $1 for small and 6Oc -for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry ¦ salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c : extra large do,
$1 25; large. 60c: medium.. 35c; small, 20c. -
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%c; Grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall cllpr-San Joaquln ' and South
ern. 9®llc; Southern. 8O9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9@llc: Middle . Counties, free. 12911c;
do. defective. UO-g/Wc; Northern free, '.12014c:
ed . defective. 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
elno. 14©15c per lb. « * . . . •
HOPS— 1904 crop. 27(g'31c per lb. .
Hay and FeedstufTs.
Millers report Bran very weak. at the de
tllne: noted yesterday, mother' Feedatuffs -are
about as before. Hay continues weak, except
for the very finest grades of wheat, "and they
are not as firm as they have been. Receipt*
wern 64 cars. ¦ • ¦ ¦ ' ' - ¦' • •..¦-•¦
BRAN— $18 60@19 60 per ton. '
MIDDLINGS— 124 50@27 50 per ton.
6HORTS— $18 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 CO®24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50@32 50;
Jobbins. $33 ;¦ Cocoanut Cake, $23@24; Cocoa
nut Meal, 1 $24®25; Corn Meal. $30 60031 50;
Cracked - Corn, $31@>32: Mixed Feed. $22®
22 50; Horse Beans. $30*340 per ton; "Broom
Corn Feed.' 90c per ctl. ¦ .
HAT— Wheat. $10®15 60; Wheat and Oat,
$10@14 50; Oat, $9@13; Barley and Oat. S3
@12; Volunteer "Wild Oat, $7@10; ¦¦ stable.' $9
@11; stock. $5 50@7; Clover. $7@10; Alfalfa,
$9012 per ton. , .-;- ¦
. STRAW— 35@65c per bale.
S , 1< S k .. ExchBnse> fu ra»*h: the following; official
quotationn of that Exchange:
s * u '; | v Stocks— Bid. I Ask.
•:•••• lAdams Express. - j 17777! "7777 ffl0~|M0~
«.AW|AnialB Copx dlv| «5% «1V4 >&%\ »V«
JAmer Can Co... OW I
?;j • vl .Bo P r « i 46«si 4 °:«
-"".WyjAtner CarFdy Co '2>i 25Vj 25>a| :;
200 I>0. pfd S2=4 SZVt 63 I 84
Amer Chicle J.. 103 100
....... ' I>o pfd »o 94
i.SOOiAmer Cotton Oil 324 32 32
DO pld .....'.. 90 98
lAmer put Telgh 23 27
|Am Grass Twine , .*.. • 7 7%
lOO'Aror Hlde-Lther 5 5 <!» 5
I Do pfd.: » 20 23
JAmer Ice 7% b%
l.OHOl t>o pfd 35% 36% 3ZW S$\*
lAmer Linseed 13V4 14
•"••- Do pfd j 35 Zty*
3,900;Amr Locomotive 27*i 20% 20% 2*%
200j Do pfd 98 97% 97 98
Anwr Malt 5 OH
Do pfd 21*; 22 •
15.0»XijAr Smlt Ilefg Co 71 69 Vi 7«T» "1 '
2.SO0J Do pfd 11314 112 |111*4 112
2r.9oCjAm<>r Sugar ...138 135^,4 137?* 137%
&0O| Du pfd 13« 155Vi 138 13SV4
|Amr Tel-Tel Co 142 144
!Amer Tob pfd 145 Ubhk
300|Amfr Woolen... 17*4 17^ 17H 18
600 Do pfd ..:.... 83% S3V4 &3 84
Anaconda 9t» 0©
Ann Arbor 30 32
Eto pfd 60 64
49.3O0 A T Santa Fe.. 85}4 »4*» »»14 85?4
8.800 Do pfd 101% 10OV4 101H 101 %
12,500 Bait Ohio 93% 92 93 V4 93%
Do pfd 94 9C
|Bay State Gas % 9-32
28.600BRT 66V 4 64% 63% 6&%
Brookly Un Gas 223 22S
Brunswick D I.' 7 8
Butterck Co ...%..;.. ..... 50 61
Canada Southrn ." 67% 68%
Can Ttc x rights 128% 127% 127 H 127%
7.300 C and O 44«i 44 44H *4%
4.600 C. and A 87% 83%
Do pfd 60 85
C & E I 46% 4T
Do pfd 180 145
C I L pfd 80 r 90
32.2O0C & G W 24 21% 22'1 24
Do pfd "A" 62% 63%
800 Do pfd "B"'.. 82% 30tt 32% 33
C & O W debs 86 86%
1.100 C & N W 194 102 193V4 1»4
67,000 C M & Ft P.. 171 lCS^g 170H 170%
Do pfd 131 184
124.300 C R 1 & P (new) 32% 30 T » 31^ 32
2,900 Do pfd ... 73% 72% 73% 73%
C R I & P 4's 77% 77%
4,100 ChR Terminal... 10>4 9% 9% 10
1.6O0 Do pfd 21% 18% 21% 21%
2.600 Chic Cn Tract.. 8% 8% 8% 8%
100|C C C & Bt L... 85 85 84% 85
Do pfd 110
Cleve Lor & W 65
Do pfd : 90 .....
12.000Colo Fuel & Iron 41% 39% 41 41%
Do pfd 69% 70%
".3OOIC0I Hock C & I. 14 13% 14 14%
3,2<X>!CoIo Southern .. 21% 21% 21% 22
40OJ Do 1st pfd 53% 63% 63% 54
4001 Do 2d pfd.:.. 29 2S% 28*4 29
2,700 Consolidated Gas 214% 211*4 214V4 215
Cont Tob Co pfd 125 124% 124% 125
700 Corn Products . . 16% 16 I6>4 16%
ROO Do pfd 74 73 73% 74
4,300 Del & Hudson... 178% 17G% 177% 17S
700 D U & W 299 295 299 300
300ID & R G.. 30 30%
400 Do pfd 83 82% 82% S3
Des M & F D 26% Z6%
600 Detroit Un Ry. 73% 73% 72% 73
Detroit South 4% 5
Do pfd ; 7% 8
Diamond Match 134 140
2,700 Dis Securities 32% 32 32% 33
Do Bonds 72% 74
Duluth S S & A 10 11
9,400 Do pfd .. 17 16% 17% 18
132,600 Erie 37% 36 37% 37%
5.fl00 Do 1st pfd 71% 70% 70% 71
2,200 Do 2d pfd 60% 50 50% 50%
E & T H 58 60
...V... Do 'pfd TV/ 75 82
Gen Chemical 43 65
Do pfd 4 94 96
400 Gen Electric .. 174% 174 174 175 "
500!Gt North pfd 192% 192 190 196
7,260;Green Cons Cop. 20% 20% 20% 20%
(Havana Tob Co 29- 29%
Do pfd 38 41
[Hock Valley 89 SO 80 83
lOO! Do pfd 88 89
3.800 111 Central . ; 142% 142 142% 142%
l,7OOilnteraatL Pap. 4 . J7»4 17': 17% 17%
,. Do pfd 76% 76% 76 77
400!InternatI Power. 61% 61%
Internatl Pump 37 38
Do pfd 78- 91
100 Iowa Centra! .. 28 26>4 2«% 27
30W Do pfd 48% 47% 48 49
....... Kanawha & M 36 37
300 K C Ft S&M pfd 79% 79 79% 80
500 K C Southern.. 2S 27 28 23.
300 Do pfd 49% 48 49 49%
Keokuk & D M 17% 18
Laclede Gas pfd 95 100
Lake E & W : 32 35
Do pfd 100 105
Long Island j 56 57
7.600 L A N 133% 1S1 132% 183%
2,300 Manhattan 161% 160 160% 161
(Manhattan Beach 9% 11
S.OOOi Metro Secur 84% &? 83% 84
28.800 Metro Bt Ry 125^ 123% 125>« 126%
18,200 Mex Central 17% 18 17V* 17%
Minn&EtL 61 62
Do 1st pfd i 94 98
1.800 M St P & SSM M 86 88 88%
1.200 Do pfd 143 141 142% 143
18.100 Mo Kan & Tex.. 30% 29% 2fl% 29%
3,200 Do pfd 67% 67%
35,600 Missouri Pacific 103% 102% 103% 103%
Nash Chat ft StL 13% 14
4.400 National Lead . 24% 22% 27% .24%
200 Do pfd ' 94 95%
600 Nat R R of Mex 22% 22%
Do pfd 40% 39% 40% 41
200 National Biscuit 48% 49
Do pfd 110% 112
N J Central 180 185
500 X T Air Brake . 135% 132% 134 136
11.200 N T Central ... 132 131% 1X1% 133%
NTCent A St L 34% 36%
Do 1st pfd .110 116
Do 2d pfd 68 72
N T Dock 13 16
N Y, N H & H 193 196
133.400 N T, Ont & W. . 46% 42% 43% 43%
38,000 Nor & West ... 71% 70% 70% 71
Do pfd 91 95
700 N American ... 95% 94 95 95%
North Secur 116% 117%
....... Omaha 148 150
.' Do pfd 186 190
..-..-... O S L 4's 69% 69% 103 103%
600 Pacific Coast 69% 68% 69
Do 1st pfd .V... 92 * 100
Do 2d pfd .;.... 76% 78%
800 Pacific Mall 37% 37 87% 28
100.700 Penn R R Co... 135T4 134^4 134% 135V4
15,800 People's Gas ...108 106% 107% 107 U
Pere Marquette . ...;. »,.'.. 75 78%
Do pfd 73- 74
P C C 4 St L 74 77
...:... Do pfd 101 103%
13.400 Press Steel Car. 81% 29% 30% 31
800 Do pfd 80% SlYa
Pullman Car Co ..... 225 227
800 Ry Steel Ep CD. . 24% 24 23% 24
Do pfd 85% 85% 85% 86%
100.100 Reading: 74 73 75% 75%
200 Do 1st pfd ... 87% 87% 87 88
Do 2d. pfd ¦..:.>.. 79 80
1.300iRepub 8 & I.... 11% 11H 11%. 11%
1,600! Do pfd. 63 62% 52U 02%
200iRubber Goods :. 22% 22% 22% 22%
;....... Do pfd ..:...'..:.. -. 84 85
400.6 S S & I Coj... 46- 45 45 46
Do ptd ........ 93 96
StJAOI 15% 17
Do 1st pra ..:... 51 54
....... Do 2d pfd ... ..-.-. ..... 25 27
SLJkSF... 74 75
Do 1st pfd ...... 72. 75
1,900 Do 24 pta 61% G0%,61 . 61%
1.200 St L & S W.... 21% 21 21U 22%
2,700 Do pfd 60% 47% 50 60%
....... ISottthern Pacific. 60% 69\4 C0% 60%
15.400'Sr.uthern Ry..... 34% 33% 83% S3%
2001 Do Pfd.. 94V4 94% 94% 95 ,
lEtandard Oil ..;.. 646 648
..(Stand RAT.v.. .'.... ...... n 16 "
6,600iTVr.n Coal & I... 65% 54% t>0% 65%
;.|T P L T CO..... SO 33
8,900|Texas Paelfle ... 85 33% »4U 34 XL
200 Third Avenue ... 131 130% fil% 132%
.......lTol Ry * T Co 26% 80
300 Tol. StLAW.. 30 29% 29% 30
600 Do pfd... . 48% 4 8^Z 4S u 48 >^
200 Twin City R T.. 1O3"2 103% 103V? 103%
....... Union B A P... ..... ..... g 7 "
j Do. pfd...... en% 67
201,200(Unlon Pacific .. 110% 107% 110 112
j Do pfd..*...... 94U 05
...;...iT3 P conr <•«...; ..... ..... iii%|i U
lUnlted Copper... ..... ..... BIT
UMiolflF. 15 \,iaiL
40C Do pfd........ 60 6» 60%) -n-tit.
..V.... Do 4's"........ ..... :;.„ -85' '85%
U B C I P..'.;.\ ..... ..:'.. 12% IS
Do pfd........ ..... ..... C2% 64:'
US Express..... ....'. ...-.: n«. U8>»
.^,.... US Leather...;. 12 » 11% n% u%
1,700 DO pfd........ 00% 00K .0O% »1
1.400 U S Rubber. r... 28 27% 2SVi ,28%
. 300 DO pfd........ 82% 82 - 82% .83
57.300 U S Steel Cor ... 20% .19% !l9% 19%
152.400 Do pfd . . . . I . . . 80% 78% 79"2 ¦ 70}$
1 100 Va-Car Chem Ct> 37 36% 38$ 37.
• ...I Do pfd. 1 ....... 110% 108% 109 110
" 2.200 mr»bai-h -.....¦... 21% ,20% 21% 21%
4,300 Do. pfd:....... 43 42. 42« 42%
...jwabash d«b ir« ..... .....1 66% C6%
"I-.'..:.lWell8-ranro ! Ex. ..... .....|232 4 245:
600 Western Union.. 01% 90% 91 91%
COO \Vestlnghou«« ... 168 - 166% 166% 168 ;.
¦ . Do 1st pfd."..". .....' ..... 190 195
¦"¦200'vv & L E. ...;.. .W. 18 17% 19'
100 W & L E-lst pfd 44 44 44% 46
200 Do 2d. pfd..... 26% 2«% 26% 27%
J,200fwi*coni»ln Cent- 22% 22 22% 22V*
6001 D« pfd.:..TVr. 45 44% 45 46%
.......(South Pac pfd... 115% 11*% H8U 11« ¦
L697.700 -total shareB sold. * •>
NmriTork Bond*.
n S ref ,*2s re*7/'.104%| Hock T Val"4%«;. . .109%
Do coupon..... 104%|L 4 N unified 4s. 102%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall street stocks lower and weak.
Local stocks and bonds quiet down
considerably.
Sterling Exchange higher everj^vhere.
SJlvrr ad\*ance<l.
Wlicai ruturcs hlffher. Barley and
Oat markci" quiet.
Corn liijrlirr willi lishx offerings.
Rran jit}tl Hay wealc. with supplies
ample.
Dry lieang ste:idy to flnn, but damp
lots dragging.
Potators quiet and weak. . Onions
linu.
Not much change In Poultry and
Game.
Fair demand for Deciduous and Cit
rus lYuits.
I>ried Fruits Nuts and Ral&lns as pre
viously quoted.
Pro\ kions quiet and featureless every
where.
Wool, Hops and Hides still very firm.
live and dressed Meats *as before
Cuoted.
Butter market shows less demoraliza
tion. :-
Adviinc in Efrgs checked for the mo
ment. Cheese unchanged.
Provisions.
The local trade ' conUnue to quote a quiet
and tame market, ' with no features worthy
of comment.* The Western markets are equally
featureless.
CURED MEATS-^-Bacon. lie per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13%c for light.
14® 14 Vic for extra Ugh; and 15c for sugar
cured;: dry Salt Sides, 10c; Bellies., lie;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Califor
nia Hams. 12Vic: Mess Beef. $104110 50 per
bbl; extra Mess. $10..Vi<811: Family, $12612 50;
prime -Mess Pork . $14 60;- extra clear. $23;
Mess, $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 10%e: Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces at • 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9®9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9V4^
9%c: 10- lb tins. 10V4c; 5-lb-tins. 10%c; S-lb
tins. 10%c. .
. COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
6V4c: five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California '. Family Extras, ?4 80^
6 10, usual terme; Bakers'. Extras, $4 70£5;
Oregon and - Washington. , Jobbing at $4Q4 50
per bbl. .: '^ . .. . .
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: v Graham Floor, $2 -75 -per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal, $2 75; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn- Meal. $2 50;. extra cream do $3 60;
Oat Meal. • $3 75; Oat Croats, $4; • Hominy.
$3 C0@3 85 ;¦ Buckwheat Flour, $4: Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina. $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour.. $3 50; ; Rolled Oats, bbls $6 75@7 50; in
sacks.- $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peaa,
boxes. $5 DO: Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Do 3s rpg! 104% I Man con gold 4s. 105%
Do coupon..... 105H ilex Central 4s... 74 .
Do new 4« reg.lSOHJ Do 1st 5nc 21%
Do coupon. ~. ...i:U«s Minn & St L 4s.. 96
Do old 4s reg.loe%|M. K & Texas 4s.lO2
Do coupon lOOViJ Do 2ds 85V4"'
Atoh-gen 4s. 102HINR of Mex con 4s SO
Do adj-4s.. 07 JX Y C gen ff%s..lOOVi
Atlantic C L 4s. 08*ilX J C gen Ss.... 134%
J3alt & Ohio 4S..10.J | Nor Pacific 4e.....lO8
Do Sijs »Ri^ Do 3s ... •• 75%
Central of Ga Cs.lli. | Nor &. W con 4s.l00%
Do 1st inc S"iilOSL. 4s & partic.lO:i'/4
Ches & Ohio 4%8.1C5=i| Pa, conv 314s. ...H^'i
Chi & Alton 8%&lftl< Reading gen 48.^7101%
C. B & Q new 4a. fl3 S L & I M con 5s.H0
C.M & SP gn 4s.lO9%|s L-& S F fg 4s. S«%
C & NV/ con 7s.l2S*j,IPt Lculs SW lsts. 99%
C. R I & Pac 4». 7"iv Seaboard A L 4s. 81
Do col 5s .. 87%|So Pacific 4s ..... 94%;
C.C.C i- SL»;n 4s.lO2 ISo Railway 5s..:. 118
Chi Term 4s..... Sl%!Tex & Pac 1st*.. 119
Cons Tobacco 4s. 74% Tol St L & W 4s. 81%
Colo & So 4s S7 Union Pacific 4s. 10!*
C F & I con 5b. 81 % Do conv 4s. .. ...112
Den & Eto O 4s.l0li,4 U S Steel 2d 5s.. 8"}l j
Erie prior lien. 4s.l0t | Wabash lsts . 119 ¦
Do sen 4s ..... 88%|W & L Erie 4s... 00%,
F W & D C lsfcs.llia;| WIs Central 4s. .. 93
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con ..... 201 Little Chief ..... 05
Alice 35jOntario 3 50;
¦Breece .,.. 12[Ophir ..:......... 2 15 ;
Bruns Con 13|Phoenlx IB
Com Tunnel .... tfllPotosi Wi
Con Cal & Va... 1 45lSavage 22
Horn Silver 1 C0| Sierra Nevada.... 24
Iron Silver ..... l 95! Small Hopes 30
Lead vllle Con 02| Standard 1 85
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |u S Steel.. '.'. 19%
Call Ic*n« 2@4! Do pfd 70.V4
Time loans ....... 4@5] Westing Common. 83
Bonds— I Mining—,
Atchison 4s j.... 101*41 Adventure ....... '4
Do artj 4s...... 96%fAlloue3 ...:.. 11%
Railroad*— | Amal Copper 64%
Atchison ....'.... R5X1 1 Atlantic ...... ...15
Do pfd 101%lAmer Zino 12%
Boston & Albany.250VilBingham 31%
Boston & Malne.lC5 I Calumet & Hecla.595
Boston Elev .....l.'!2%| Centennial ....... 28Vi
Fitehburg pfd 13S Copper Range ... 62
Mex Central 16%! Daly West 11
N Y. N H & H..194 I Dom Coal 06 •
Pere Marquette... 74 Franklin 8%
Union Pacific 110 Grancy 3%
Miscellaneous — Isle Royale 22%
Amer Arge Chem. 19 Mass Mining .... 5%
Do pfd 81% Michigan 9
Amer Pneu Tube. 5 1 Mohawk C0%
Amer Sugar . ...m^| Mont Coal & Coke 5%
Do pfd 135%l Old Dominion 24%
Amer Tel & Tel.143 I Osceola 88%
Amer Woolen ..". 17%|Parrot 26
Do pfd ........ «3%!Qulncy 98%
Dom Iron & S... 14 I Shannon 5%
EM Elect Illum..25O Tamarack .'..11T
Oen Electric ....183 Trinity 12
Mass Electric... 13 U 8 Mining 24%
Do pfd > 55 U S Oil 11
Ma«s Gas ... 42% Utah «1%
United Fruit ....104 Victoria ...4
Un Shoe Mach... K3U| Wlnona »H1
Do pfd 31 %j Wolverine 99
Tjondon Closing Stocks. •
Cons for money. .-87% N Y Central. 136%'
Do for acct.... 87% Nor & Western... 72%
Anaconda 4% Do pfd 92
Atchison 87%IOnt & Western... 47%
Do pfd 104 I Pennsylvania ....69%
Bait & Ohio 05%lRand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 131% Reading ..... 3~%
Ches & Ohio.*.... 45% Do 1st pfd..... 44%
Chi Great West.. 22% Do 2d pfd 40%
Chi. Mil & St P. 176 So Railway. ..... 34%
De Beera 18 Do pfd '. ...97
Den & Rio Q 31 So Pacific ....... 61%
Do pfd 84% Union Pacific ....111%
Erie 37% Do pfd ...: 07
Do 1st pfd 72% US Steel 20%
Do 2d pfd : 50% Do pfd 82
111 Central .......147 Wabash 21 •
Louis & Nash 137 Do pfd .... 44
M. K & Texas SOU Spanish 4s ....... 86%
Bar silver — Strong 26 15-16d. per' ounce.
Money — 2%<g2% per cent.
The rate of. discount in the open market for
short bills Is 19C«fl% per cent and for three
months' bille 2% ©2% per cent. '
Condition of the Treasury.
¦WASHINGTON. Oct. 27. — Tc-day'a state
ment of the Treasury balance shows: Avail
able cash balance, $145,140,295; gold $78,781,
838.. • • ¦ v , , .. .. . - <
Xew York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27. — Cotton futures opened
easy. October.- 9.48c; November, 9.46c; De
cember. 9.6Oc; January,. 9.70c; February, 9.75c
bid: March, 9.78c; May. 9.84c; July. 9.90c
ottered. ¦
Cotton - futures closed , .quiet and steady.
October, 9.42c;.? November, 9.42c; December,
9.67c; January 9i 66c; February, 9.70c; March,
9.75c; April, 9.78c; May, 9.81c; June, 9.83c;
July. 9.85c.
Spot closed quiet. 15 points decline. Middling
uplands. 9.90c; middling gulf, 10.15c. Sales.
1#S5 bale*. -^ , .
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
26,400 barrel*; exports, 1300 barrels; | gales,
5200 packages. Market firm; fair demand, i
WHEAT — Receipts, 7800 bushels; sales,
4,800,000 bushels futures. Spot, firm; No. 2
red. SI 21% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. $1 29% f. O. b. afloat; No. 1. hard
Manitoba, $1 0U f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
excited and strong on war rumors, small
Northwest receipts and bullish cables. Later
they yielded to more reassuring foreign news,
but on renewed war talk In the last hour, ral
lied, closing Irregular %6%c net advance.
Sales Included No. 2 red. May. $1 13%@1 14%,
closed $1 13%; December. $1 18@1 19 >4. closed
$1 18%.
HOPS — Firm. State common to choice, 1904
crop, :« H Ale; Pacific Coast, 1904, 30@3Sc; 1903,
30034c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Steady. • "..;•' ;
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE: — Future* closed steady, unchanged
to 10 points ' higher. Sales .were 48,500 bags.
Including: November, 6.55c; March, 6.55@7c;
May. 7.15c; July, 7.35c; September, 7.45@7.50c.
Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c. Mild,
steady.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 4%c; molasses sugar, 8%c;
Refined, steady. ' -•
BUTTER— Firm. Receipts, 6824. Street
prices, extra creameries, 21%@'22c.
CHEESE— Quiet. Receipts 4500. State, full
cream, small rood to prime, 9V«c; skims, full
to light. 8@8Hc
EOGS — Steady; unchanged. Receipts 6000.
DRIED FRUITS. .
EVAPORATED APPLES— Are held at full
late figures 1 , when showing desirable quality,
but demand continues moderate. Common - are
quoted at 4@4%c; prime, 4%@5c; choice, ; 6%
@5%c. and fancy, at 6@7c. . :
PRUNES — Appear to, be moving a little more
freely, but purchases are generally confined to
small lota. Quotations range from 2c to 5%c,
according to grade. .
APRICOTS — Are scarce at present prices. In
the absence of Important transactions. Choice
are held at 9%@10c; extra choice, 10>4@10%c,
and fancy at 11 @ 16c
PEACHES — There- is only a small demand
for peaches, but . limited- offerings maintain
prices. Choice ar« held at 6%@8%c; extra
choice, 5*^9 Vie. and fancy at 9%@10c.
% •¦"-/> •"¦"^"¦— """^ ?¦-•¦:¦
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.— Tin again showed
firmness In/ the London market, closing
there.. at £132 10a fop spot and £131 for
futures. Locally quotations occupied . a wider
range than usual, with the market steady In
tone, although demand is aald not to be press
ing. Some dealers quote spot as low aa $28 65
@28.87%. while other quotations range aa high
aa $29.10. ¦ .
Copper was firmer in the local market It
waa said that supplies , In consumers' hands
are low and holders are. firm In their views
Lake is quoted at from $13.37% to $18 '62%'
electrolytic, tl3.239l3.60 and casting at $13®
13.25. '. -
In- London the market was -slightly .lower.
closing at £60 16s 3d for spot and £61 6s Bd
for . futures.
Lead was unchanged at £12 7s 6d in London
In New York small lots out of store show, an
advancing tendency, being quoted at . $4 40®
4 60. while carload Iot3 are still held around
$4 20 by corns of tho largest dealers. ' '
Spelter was unchanged at £23 10s in Lon
don. ¦ Locally the market is firm at $5 30@5 40.
Iron closed at 60s 7d in Glasgow and at 44s
In Middlesboro. Locally iron is firmer. No 1
foundry Northern la quoted . at $15@15 60; No
2 foundry Northern at $14 50015; No. 1 foun
dry Southern and No. . 1 do soft, $14 50®15.
ed , 4f75%c; Thompson's Seedlesa, _ 4%c; Seed
lean Sultanas. 3U@3%cpe r lb.
NUTS — New Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12®
12%c: No.>2..10G10%e: No. 1 hardshell. 12c;
No 2 - 10c; Almonds, I6@17c. for Nonpareils,
14@14%c. for IXU 13014c for. Ne Plus Ultra
and lie- for Languedoc; Peanuts. ,6@7c for
Eastern; 'Pecans. 11013c; Cocoanuts. $1 50©5;
Chestnuts. 10® 15c per lb. ¦ ,• . .•-••
HONEY — Comb.ll%©13c foT. white and 10^
lie for amber;, water' white extracted. 5%9
6c; light amber extracted. 5@5%c; dark, a©
4%C.~ ¦ ••" -¦.-¦- ¦--••¦- -..-.-
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb. • - •"
the" da'y7 'December dropped ' to $113%. and
May to $l"12Vi. "¦' Much of the selling was due i
to a ; rumor that the Russian - commander . had
been - recalled, ¦¦¦', Late in the • day 5 the market i
rallied considerably' on a : fair; demand from
shorts, the market closing --¦ firm/, with De- I
cember at $1 14>4®1 14%. Final figures on
May were at $1- 12%. * |
. A firm ¦> tone prevailed ;ln the '.corn market ¦
throughout • the ¦ entire • session.- '; ¦•' December ,
opened Vi@%c to: %@%c higher at- 50V&@
5<'%c. sold- between 4394c and. 50% c. and
Closed st 50V£ c. "¦ '¦'-" ' - -.
Influenced by • the - strength of other grains
the oats : market ruled firm. - . December opened
Vi<6ViC higher at 29?4@2fl%c. rapged between j
2»H@2»Uc and 29%c and closed at 29%c; ¦-»-¦¦: \
As a result of the bullish - foreign situation J
and the strength of grains the provision mar- I
ket was firm In -spit© of lower prices at .the j
' yards. = At : the close ;¦ January, pork was up |
10<?12%e. lard and ribs each up 7>4@10c.>.
• The leading futures rangedas follows:
Articles — Open. High. . ¦ Low. Close, j
- Wheat No. 2— ?; '..: ¦ •-;«.,!
October ......... .... .... 113%
December ..; 1 15% 115% 113% 114%;
May .. ...... -1 14 1 14 1 12U 1 12 T /i !
July .':...:.. -wa 99 -¦•• 97% '- 88%.!
Corn No. 2—' ' ...¦".. - - . . ,|
October'... 1 .. .... " ....'•- .... 64 -
December ... 60% 50% "¦ 49%: . 60%
May ........ 40% 46% '46% 46%
Oat* No. 2— . > . -•• ¦ • • -
October:... 1 ....-', .... ¦• 30 '¦
December ... 29% 29% ' 29% 1 29%
Way .......... 31% 31% Sl% 31%
¦ Mesa Pork, per bbl — • ¦
October .....10 S5 10 85 '^'. 10 85 10 85-
January ....12 40 ' 12«15 ' - 12 85" 12 45 •
May ........12 50 ' 12 52% ; 12 35 12 62%
Lard, Der 100 Ibs^ — !
October ....V 7 12 Vi 7 17% 7 12% 7 15
January 7 17% 7 17% 7 12% 7 17%
May 7 22% 7 30 7 22% 7 27%
» Short Ribs,' per 100 lbs — : . ¦ ¦ ' ' : ¦ :
October .;... 7 20 7 20 7 20 > ;7 20
; January .... 6 60 6 50 6 35 6 50 l
, ilay ........ 6 85 6 65 6 60 6 65 ...
i Cash Grain and Provisions. .
Caeh quotations were a» follows: Flour eael
i er. No 2 spring wheat. $1 12@1 16; No. 3,
| ?1 06@l 1«; No 2 red, $1 Vi%®\ 18%: No.
2 corn, 55^@57%c; No. 2 yellow. 57%c; No. 2
oatB, 32c; No. 2 white, 30@30%c; No. 3 white.
30V4@32c: No 2 rye. 70@79%c; good feeding
barley,' 37 %c; fair to choico i malting, < 42® 32c;
No. 1 flax seed, $1 10; No. 1 Northwestern..
$1 16%; prime Timothy, seed, $2 60; mess pork,'
per bbl $10 87%@11; lard, per 100 lbs, $7 15
@7 17%; short ribs sides .^ (loose), " $7 12%0
7 25J short clear: tides (boxed), 87 37%@7 50;
whisky. -basis of high wines. $1 24; clover,
contract- trade, ?12 15. . - , \ ; .
¦ Articles — - ¦ Receipt*. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,900 20,200
Wheat, bushels .....158,000 89.800
Corn, bushels 06,000 173,200
OaU, bushela .111,900 135.700
Rye, buehels ....... ... ...... 4i700
Barley, bushela ...63,100 69,400
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. .
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.— On. the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm.
Creameries, - 15021 %c; dairies, 13@18c; eggs,
steady at mark, cases Included, 10%@lSV*c;
cheese easy, 10V4@10%c.
$l'42Vi©l 60;' Black.- $1 300135 for feed and
$1 50!g 1 63 for . seed. " . .
CORN— A miller paid $1 50 for Western yel
low, i an t advance. The s market - : la • firm <. under
light supplies and a -good local . demand.
Western sacked. $1 43@1 60 for Yellow. $1 45
@1 50 for White and $1 45 for Mixed; Califor
nia large - Yellow - $1 45@1 50;. small round
do. $1 65@1 t>2V4: White, nominal; Egyptian,
Jl 35©1 45 for White and $1 2501 30 for
Brown. ":'-. '.-¦.-¦"
- RYE— $1 37%®1 42?4 per ¦ ctl. .-¦'¦'
. BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl."
THE SAN- FRANGISCO GALE FRIDAY, OCTOBER; 28, 1904. K
His Blow Missed the Spike.
\VV W. Suelbert, residing at 35S
San Carlos avenue, while wielding a
heavy stledgrehammer to drive "spikes
at -the .North Beach power-house,
missed the spike for which the blow
was Intended and the sledge glanced,
exerting , its full force brf his left shin,
breaking the bone in two places. The
Injured man' was treated at the Emer
gency Hospital by.! Dr." Herzog.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.'
¦"AM" quotations remain as before. -The mar
kets ' are , quiet. There Is a : fair -¦ demand ' for
Prunes; 1 at -.the : ; extremely ,':low. :prices,-ibut
Peaches I continue i the . firmest , kind on the list.'
- -fc FRUITS — New-, crop — Apricots. .v7$I@10c » for
Royals and 1 0® 1 2c for.. Moorparks ; Nectarine*.
6%@7Vic *for- White, and 6V4@7c for. Red;
Peaches. 'l^&SMc -f per **lt>; Pears, ' 7@12c;
Plums. f. pitted.* 6©6%c-*-vfor black. ; S@S^c
for : red ¦ and ,J@8 Vic .for , yellow; - Figs." 2-crown
bricks.-',"; 50c: -^ 3-crown.T 55c:; 4-crown.vepc; ¦- 6
crown, = «5c ;V bulk 5 white." 2%@3c; =; black. '4 3^c
Evaporated Apples,-' 5V4©7c per 1 1b. V~ -•'¦_.;¦ . "
¦,PRUNES^-l%«l«4c.per;ib;for:the four sizes
and<2VicbasIs:for 1 the large sizes. -. • •:
c'',RAISINS^.19O4 crop- f. ?o.'^b. Fresno — Inv
: perial clusterVi $2 25®2 30; Dehesa.\. $1 • S5g"2;
.London - Layt.*/. s 80c@$l :*. Loose * Muscatels, ; 4
crown,f 4^4Vsc; '»3-crown.;. 3%©3%c; .2-crown.
3©3Hc: . Seedless.1 2*s©2 %c; , Floated. 3c: Seed.
Future Grain • and ¦• Provisions.
CHICAGO. Oct. 27.— The Anglo-Russian dip
lomatlc crisis, accompanied by a drop of 1%
In consols, caused - an . excited ; opening ' In ° the
wheat • market here. - An advance < of ' nearly
a cent In .wheat prices at • Liverpool' furnished
additional evidences of the seriousness of < the
European : situation. ¦ In a ; frenzy r. to ¦ secure
wheat traders who were - short bid up the
price sharply at: the start. Initial quotations
on : December were, up %©%<5 ? to>14@lftc at
$1 H% SI 15%. May was. .up HSU^c at
$1<1294®1 14., Bullish sentiment ;: was
couraged -by a: material .'reduction tin-North
western receipts, < arrivals * for i the \ day being
300 *cars less -. than • the . number .: received ' the
corresponding ; day," last : week. , , Within the
Arst few minutes the December ; option i sold
at $1 16%. --.The high' point,,- however,; on the
May delivery was - reached on ! the : Initial '. sales."
The sharp advance * started • heavy • liquidation
which continued throughout the ; remainder i of
the t day. ;;¦', Several . large .¦: holders -were -¦ prom-
Itent , on .-'. the :¦ selling ':•' side. 5> Offerings';! were
taken 'fairly well; but; much of the early; gain
was', lost-'. Toward the . middle ¦¦ of •; the f session
the market becam* quite weak as a result of
Increased : profit- taking. ¦¦,• The ; weakness brought
out many stoj^loss orders and in consequence
prices broke nearly 2o ; from . the « high point ', of
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15- For an «xceHent lunch, table d'hota or a la.
carte," •with or without wine, Tlslt 1 The Claren
don Cafe; MS Post St., opposite Olympic Club.'
We , don't sell all the best suit cases
and bass, but all the suit cases and bags
we do sell are 'the best; some with pocket
books and wrist bags. -All lettered In gold
free of charge. Sanborn, Vail * Co.. 741
Market street. -'SHRttBMHHEMtaM*!!
Dress Suit Cases and Bairt.
m ¦¦ imtrn ill » i^i I ill ¦
. WANTS PERMIT TO^Bl-AST.— The South
ern } Pacific Company yesterday . petitioned the
SupervUbM for * a : permit - to Wast' along and
upon its , bey;; shore '¦ right '¦ of - way granted in
the > franchise ' of , January -7, * l$KH.r.
if: Mrs. i, Lulii^ Baker * ot '¦' 6 12 ; - Lombard
street,^because she : quarreled Iwitbj her,
husband, sought I'death ? ; yesterday^ by
swallowing; f ourteenj morphine tablets.
¦The iwomari twas .found in ; a • seriil-cqn
sciouslcondltldri-atj Powell/ arid!- Mason'
streets,^ from 4"wherersheiwasi removed
i tol| the i* Emergency I- 1 Hospital. ££ After
the ;. usual iappllcatiohiof £ antidotes *,by
Dr. - Herzog i she i was pronounced out
of 'danger.;. l -V>. "¦¦.-;'. r ; V:j 5 ¦ ••:V : '.- : " 1 '*X?''-'- '¦'
Sought; DeaUr by ; aio'rpliine.'
Judge Coffey said yesterday that If
Father Crowley .would accept v the
guardianship of # Albert and Frank
Tiegel ; he would not ; grant ,the ¦ peti
tion of . M.T j; : , White, secretary/ of > the
Society for 1 the 'Prevention, of Cruelty
to \ Children,* for/ their.: custody.'- 1 Pres
ident NewhalUof the , society * testified
that: Father -Crowley would j ;not' op
pose -.White's * application, > notwith- J
standing, the .statement of Herman
Tiegel,vthe father. Tiegel , and his
wife , were arrested on r July; 1 6 -f for
abusing their two 4 > sons " «and," baby
daughter. %,The father was" sent to Jail
and the mother -. to Lth'e '.Ukiah asylum, 5
where - she ' died' soon af ter.'V.The ; boys
are " now at ; St.'. Vincent's t and ' the ? girl
is • in ¦ charge of . her half-sister,"»Mrs. F.
wUiiariis.' . • ',::¦ • ;
Contested. Guardianship.
: This .week's Town Talk more than sus
tains its reputation as the journal of. the
cultured and the mirror of public* opin
ion. ; Mayor - Schmitz . is ; presented ' this
week as an official paradox, and the Mer
chants',. Association '.is commended for
having .engaged experts to discuss- the
ways that are dark of politicians. Chris
Buckley, is quoted. In deprecation of the
boldness of contemporary, grafters. . .The
story, of ; the disappointment of some tuft
hunters at a swagger club over the non
appearance ; of- Mrs. . Atherton is related.
"William Greer Harrison's latest literary
effort, is, reviewed;-- there is a breezy par
agraph .about a bal masque 'on a trans
port and a gtocy of revenge. .The literary
features of this week's Town. Talk areot
excellent quality. That master ! stylist.
Harry..-' Cowell. contributes an " essay on
"Middle Age": that ;will appeal td all lov
ers of Flaubertlan diction, and the editor
has published by request a rare gem from
the.pen of the unfortunate Oscar. Wilde.
Town Talk.
K. Kubo, a Japanese 'student 17
years old, and Miss Oshuje Masuaka,
his aunt, aged 35, a school teacher,
were suffocated^ by '¦ .> illuminating ,"gai
on Wednesday night Jin their room at
7.05 California;''- street. ¦ Their bodies
were : discovered yesterday morning,
that of the boy in his night dress on
the floor and that of the aunt In their
bed. The key of the gas burner was
open?-' -It< is -.believed that one of them
blew'out the ' name, . They arrived at
Seattle from Japan a -few /days ago
and * came i to this city at . noon of
Wednesday. They ,'came of good fam
ily, "the woman having valuable Jew
elry and check3 for $300, gold, which
have been taken ' possession of by' the
Coroner. ; They occupied -the same
roomVforUhe'sake'of economy.,* '
Newly Arrived 'Japanese of Good
Family " Spend • First and Last"
Night In Lodglng-House.
¦Within two months the .centrallza
tibri-; of ¦ the [commercial •organizations
of i Sari ; Francisco finder \ one ? roof vwill
have ', been z accomplished, This" » A has
long i been discussed fa'rid: riowTofflcial
action has^resulted.^.* Secretary/Fried
lander '£ of T« the 5 Merchants';' Exchange
says that the > new,, building; of the'; ex
change-on.: California" street will -be
opened ! to tenants i on ' December 1" and
the SMerchants'ii Exchange," the ;Mer
charitsVfAssoclation," i the i. Manufactur
ers', and \ Producers'; "^Association* * -of
California^ the 'I San V Stock
and ;Bond . Exchange, - the , Chamber' of
Commerce I \ot £j San ;'l Francisco, Uthe
Board -of -Marine^Underwriters and the
Board ?. of * Fire '?. Underwriters i have"^ all
secured \ quarters • there.'^/All i the 'com
mercial bTganization8;except the'Board
of f>Trade I of v San .; Francisco fand ? the
California) State} Board of Trade . have
spokeri!for,rooms.^'>(, :^EHHBPfpHHl
l .-i-~ In* j large 3. Eastern x cities ,» exchanges
aridi commercial :bodieaf haye'ibeen: cen-^
tiallzed^aSiimuchiasf possible \forjthe
sake'" of ; convenience." 1 ;- Al similar i move
tions Formed to, Promote
Coast Interests.
One Roof .Will Shelter City Organiza-
AUNT AND NEPHEW
SUFFOCATED IN, BED
TO CENTRALIZE : ALIi ;
i^^^aCOM3IERCIAL BODIES
was in view when the new building, of
the Merchants' Exchange was planned.
• '. " Another answer 'denying 'all the al T
legations ¦ in the contest against , the
codicil : -to." the will of Samuel , Davis
was ; filed vyesterdaV by, four • : grand
nephews- of j the- .deceased .capitalist.
They were ileft specific bequests .under
the \ codicil. ? ? They V are t Samuel I Davis
French, * George ",W.;French,'.,William
G.T French " and' Edward Fowler; some
times known ; as] Edward French. ; : The
codicil ; was , filed 3 for 3 probate V by "the
administrator, ? Julius C.1 Reis,ion'Sep
tember 10; -fit lefthalf *ofithe"$l,668,
000" estate ; to * Davis' -. sister, .'Jane Da
vis,' 1 riow.dead; . made; legacies of $127,
000,, and' provided i that the 'remainder
should be divided ; among nephews and
nieces and -grand-nephews* arid >grand-^
nieces,* ";The * contest 'was ¦'.begun Sby
MaryV G.: Stone, J a /niece,; arid the Mer
cantile*. Trust ' Company, as • administra
tor, of t the :; estate ot{ Henry \W. 't Davis,
a deceased'nephew. • ¦ ¦
Davis Contest Answered.
Hassler - In • his report also recom
mends that an . ordinance ; be. drafted
which shall make It unlawful for any
property - owner to maintain upon : a
building a tank for. the storing of wa
ter used ' for human consumption, ' the
water directly from the street main to
be the -source of such supply./.. Hass;
ler . says . that ¦ In •. several cases <. Infec
tious disease, has occurred, through
houses using /water from tanks and
frequent complaints are made by ten
ants of filthy drinking, water.
Hassler- inspected thirty-five dairies
and found that *; in nearly, every in
stance an earnest endeavor '.was being
made to •„ comply ; : with • the newVsani
tary rules. .
; The monthly - report of Acting
Health Officer r Hassler filed with the
Board, of Health at Its meeting yes
terday showed j that there ¦ were j forty
nine samples of candy and butter col
ors, syrups and' honeys analyzed . and
that many of the latter were found to
be adulterated with glucose, salicylic
acid and borax. Hassler says he will
submit the names of, the adulterated
articles, to the board for' action.
Acting Health Officer Hassler Urges
Abolishing of Water Tanks on
, . . - - , , Tops of Houses. . .
REPORTS SYRUPS AND
; HONEYS ADULTERATED
The Supervisors'. Fire; Committee
yesterday heard the protests of shin
gle" dealers and many, property owners
against the proposed ordinance ¦ pro
viding that when roofs are damaged to
the , extent of 4 0 per cent by fire they
shall be repaired ; with fireproof mate
rial only. It was represented that
losses from the burning j of " wooden
roofs was only 4 per cent of the total
loss from flres in four years, and the
proposed" ordinance would riot r assist
in beau tlfying, the < city as it may pre
vent the buildings of homes.
EmilPohli said the effect of the or
dinance would' be' to, extend .the fire
limits to Baker street, Buena Vista av
enue g and Seventeenth street, where
many, residences are being erected. He
said .the extension of fire limits should
be confined to districts considered dan
gerous on* account of hazardous.enter
prises. F. E: Sutman presented a de
tailed; report of causes of 'fire -to show
that 1 the abolishing of shingles - for
roofing purposes ; will not ' be , : an effec
tive way of preventing roof fires. -Pro
tests against , the ordinance were' read
from the builders of San Francisco and
others j signed by.', 6 00 : property, owners.'
Thomas ' E.' Currani :,who said .' he '= rep
resented' 3000 property/ owners , in ! the
Western Additionand the Mission, op
posed: the 'ordinance, but 2 asked until
next Thursday to J produce data in sup
port of i his opposition ; and to this - the
committee consented. - '"fSS&BB&Rffit&fr
Shingle Dealers and Property Owners
Voice ¦ Protest 1 Against ' Fire
'.i'\irl proof Requirement. I /
ROOF REPAIR ORDINANCE
; MEETS WITH OPPOSITION
John " Cameron belonged to i Col
oner Stevenson's regiment. Mr. Cam
eron left the regiment . owing to 111
health, but devoted his energies to the
upbuilding of the California com
munities in which . he lived. Sharing
In his struggles and ambitions, Mrs.
Cameron came prominently .before the
people and when the , bear flag was
raised in Sonoma she was present.
After her husband's death her. great
love for- the redwoods influenced her
to go to Mendocino in her - declining
years.' At the time of her death. In
her eighty-sixth year, Mrs. Cameron
was in full possession- of her mental
faculties and she was a comfort to all
with whom she came in contact. Her
three children, Mrs. John Ross Mar
tin. ' Mrs. C. W. - Bainbridge and Ben
jamin Otis Cameron,* survive her.
; The members of the California So
ciety of Women Pioneers are. Invited
to be present at the memorial service.
At the church of the Seventh Day
Adventists on Laguna street, between
Golden Gate avenue and McAllister
street, services in memory of Mrs.
Hannah House Cameron will be held
to-morrow, Saturday,; commencing at
11 o'clock in the morning,
Mrs. • Cameron was one of the most
distinguished of the pioneer women
of California. She was the widow of
John Cameron, one of the first May
ors . of Sonoma. Mrs. Cameron died
September -13 at her home in Mendo
cino, where she had resided, for two
years. She came to California with
her husband around the Horn, arriv
ing In this city in 1847.
Noted Pioneer Woman Who Witnessed
Raising of Bear Flag. Passes
A war.
MEMORIAL SERVICES FOR
MRS. HAXXAH H. CAMERON
Walter C. Sutton of the firm of Sut
ton & Carpenter, merchants at Max
well, filed a petition in Insolvency
yesterday in the United. States Dis
trict Court The liabilities are $1810
and there are $360 assets. ':, Julian
Arthur Harvey, a salesman of Sacra
mento, also filed a petition. ¦ He owes
$9275 and has no assets.
Petitions in . Insolvency.
Ilnrnett'M Extract of Vanilla la th«
standard everywhere. Sold by best *rocen. •
The United States Attorney General
has decided that Collector Stratton
jnuFt continue to exact from the steam
ship companies the head tax of $2
upon aliens in transit. The law pro
vides that no head tax shall be col
lected for this class of passengers, but
the department has insisted that the
tax be paid in the form of a deposit,
to be repaid to the companies upon
proof offered by them that the alien
tourists have passed out of the coun
try three thousand miles from here.
The transportation companies took
the case before the United States Cir
cuit Court, and Judge Morrow, a few
¦weeks ago, decided that the collection
of this so-called deposit was illegal.
The Government, however, will con
tinue to collect the tax until Its legal
ity shall have been determined on ap
peals.
Attorney General Hands Down Opin
ion That Deposit 3Iust Be Col
lected Until Courts Interfere.
HEAD TAX MUST BE
PAID OX TOURISTS
The court says it understands that
its position on the question will . put
the city to 'the expense of a special
election, but the law in the matter is
said to be explicit. Justice Angellotti
wrote the opinion and Justices McFar
land, Van Dyke, Henshaw and Shaw
concurred directly with him.
The Supreme Court, yesterday de
livered an opinion setting forth its
reasons for denying Joseph Harrison's
petition that the proposed amendments
to the municipal charter be submitted
to the voters at the approaching gen
eral election. It Is held that that there
must be a period of two' years be
tween all elections on charter amend
ments. The last election of such char
acter took place in December, 1902.
The court also asserts that the Mayor's
concurrence in proposed charter
amendments is not necessary and that
they need not be submitted to him for
approval/ The practical effect of . the
decision is that the people will be called
upon to vote on the charter amend
ments at a special election to be held
some ' time after the first week in De
cember of this year. The Supreme
Court gave its ruling on the question
at Los Angeles a week ago, but did not
then explain it's position.
The Supervisors formulated the pro
posed amendments, most of which cur
tailed the power of municipal commis
sions, and submitted six of them to
Mayor Schmitz for his approval. He
signed one and vetoed, five, so the
board did not send him the other six
teen. The Board of Election Commis
sioners sustained the Mayor and re
fused to place the proposed amend
ments on the official ballot. The Mer
chants' Association also objected to the
submission of the propositions on the
ground that there was a doubt as to
the legality of the plan.
The law says that a vote on charter
amendments Bhall not take place
oftener than once in two years. There
was doubt as to whether this provision
referred directly to the actual vote or
to the ratification by the Legislature.
The court says the phrase, in question
refers to the submission of propositions
to popular vote- The measure was In
troduced for the sake of economy, that
special elections might not" be called
every month or two. . .. .-
The claim of -the Election Commis
sion that the approval of the Mayor
was essential is declared to be without
merit. According to the decision the
Mayor has absolutely nothing to say in
such matters in view of the. fact that
his functions are pot considered "leg
islative."
Kratz's brother, William, was a mem
ber of the Donandt 7 Kratz -Company,
commission merchants, ;and on Feb
ruary; 13, 1903, William collected $16,
64275 and fled with the money. His
brother Albert was with him when he
left. the, office with the money. ' Albert
was arrested in this city and William
was located in Kansas City, where he
was living under an assumed name. He
was brought back, .tried and convicted
and sentenced by. Judge. Dunne to serve
five years in San Quentln. The firm
had . to l go through the bankruptcy
court.
When the case was called In Judge
Dunne's \ court a number of affidavits
were filed , by Attorney Frank J. Mur
phy from V. Kratz of Los Angeles,
father, of the defendant, and attendants
at the bathing establishment and
others to. the effect that the defendant
had been • drowned. Judge Dunne did
not hesitate at that time and after
ward .to express his belief that the de
fendant had not been drowned and that
his disappearance was for the purpose
of. defeating, the ends of justice. As
sistant District Attorney Whiting was
of .the same-belief and color was given
to, that belief when it was discovered
that the bond of $5000 accepted by
Police Judge Fritz for Kratz's release
was missing. Fortunately It was later
discovered amongr some unused bonds
and on .Whiting's motion it was de
clared forfeited. The sureties were V.
Kratz, the defendant's, father; Mrs.
Rhoda M. -White, .defendant's; sister,
and Attorney Hugo A. Newhouse.
Meantime the. District Attorney's office,
had|communlcated with Chief t Wittman
and the result I is \ the . arrest of Kratz.
Judge Dunne is . at r present taking his
vacation, but whenhe returns he will
have'somethlng to say judicially, in re
gard, to Kratz's flight and subsequent
developments. ' ' \ ...>,-.-
Judge Dunne's steadfast belief that
Albert A. Kratz; was not drowned while
bathing at Long Beach on the night of
September 15, but that a plot existed
to ; defeat 'the ends of Justice, has been
confirmed. Kratz is in Jail" at Ron
quillo, Sonora,- Mexico, and Detective
T. B.' Gibson left on last; nlght'B train
with papers for his extradition.
Chief Wittman ¦ had sent out circulars
with a photograph and description of
Kratz. About a week ago ,- the Chief
received a dispatch f rom C. . T. . Connell
of the; Bureau of Immigration and Sec
ret Service of Arizona that he had seen
a man answering Kratz's description
at Cananea, Sonora. The ! wires were
kept busy and it was soon learned be
yond all .doubt that Kratz was the
man. .The Governor of Sonora was
communicated Jwith and' he issued a
provisional warrant for Krata's arrest.
It was placed In the hands of Captain
Thomas Rynlng of .the Arizona
Rangers, who arrested Kratz and lock
ed- him up in - the Jail at RonquilUx
When searched clippings from the local
papers regarding his supposed death by
drowning were found in his pockets.
Besides the officers mentioned, .' Chief
Wittman received valuable assistance
from Chief Hammill of Los Angeles.
" Kratz was out on- $5000 bonds while
waiting his/ trial in Judge Dunne's
court "on a charge of felony embezzle
ment. On the night of September 15,
about a week prior to the date fixed
for his trial, Kratz was at Long Beach.
About 9 o'clock he hired a bathing ma
chine and it was said that he persisted
in bathing in the surf against the
warnings of the attendants. He was
not seen again and his clothes having
been found in the machine it' was re
ported that he had been drowned.
Dr. Emma L. Merritt wants to get
rid of the management- of ( the Sutro
estate, and she believes that' the quick
est way to do it is to . make the in
come meet the expenses, then get the
estate out of the courts. She made
this statement on. the stand In Judge
Coffey's department yesterday when
giving her reasons for opposing the
petition for a partial distribution* of
$57,000 and interest to A. J. Treat
Four of the Sutro children ' gave as
signed claims to one-flfth of certain
legacies to Treat, who was represented
by Garret. McEnerney. J. C. McKlns
try appeared for Dr. Merritt, who was
questioned by Mr.' McEnerney. •
The executrix said that she had
591,000 on hand and believed that the
distribution* should not "be 1 . made. She
thought she should retain $20,000 for
contingent expenses of the estate,
512,000 for taxes and $15,000 for ne
cessary repairs to the bulkhead at the
Sutro baths. "If, instead ¦¦ ot asking
for a little money now," said Dr. Mer
ritt, "they would wait until the es
tate gets in good condition they would
receive much more. I believe the
mortgage of $308,000 to the Hibernia
Bank should be paid off, the estate
taken out of the courts, and then it
would not run behind." She said that
the income last year had been $79,000
and the expenses $104, C00. The es
tate is now running behind ' about
$2000 a month. She' thought that the
$400,000 worth .of property sold be
fore 1902 was sacrificed, and that the
sales this year .did not bring what
the land was worth. Had she been
free to decide, she would not have
sold it.
At this point a claim was put in
in behalf of Charles Sutro for . inter
est due on legacies which have been
paid, as a prior claim to that of
Treat. Mr. McEnerney then sug :
gested that the courU allow $70,000
out of the ¦ $91,000 to. be prorated
among the six children; but Mr. Mc-
Kinstry insisted that the- remainder
would be inadequate to' the needs of
1 the estate. Thereupon Judge Coffey
ordered that $45,000 should .be di
vided among the six.
Dr. Merritt stated that the value
of the" property not included in the
charity trust is more • than one and
one-quarter million dollars.
Recognized by Secret Ser
vice Agent From Descrip
tion in Police Circular
Adniinistratrix Succeeds in
Cutting Down Payment of
Legacies Petitioned For
3Iunicipalities' - Executives
Have Absolutely Nothing
to Say in Such Matters
SUSTAINS SUPERVISORS
DISTEIBUTION OPPOSED
WILL BE BE0UGHT BACK
Supreme Court Sa^'s Law on
Charter Amendments Must
Be Construed Literally
A. ;-A: Kratz, Whose Drown
ing at Long Beach Was Ke
ported, Is in Jail in Mexico
Cost of Managing the Sutro
Property Much in Excess of
Present Monthly . Income
RUSE TO BALK
JUSTICE FAILS
GIVES REASON
FOR DECISION
GREAT ESTATE
IS EXPNSIVE
THE ; SAN FRANCISjGO,CALr f FRIDAYaOGTOBERj2S, 1904; >•
16
ADA T ERTISE5rENTS.
ECZEMA ON ,
LITRE GIRL
Sleepless Nights for Mother
and Awful Suffering
of Child.
CURED BY_CUTICURA
Had Given up All Hope of Ever
Making Any Cure.
« Mj little girl h*« been suffering for
two years or more from ecrems, and
daring that time I could not get a
night's eleep, as her ailment fras very
severe.
•* I had tried so many remedies and
epest mach money, deriving no bene-
fit, I hid absolutely giTen up all hop©
of making any cure. Bat as a last re-
sort I was persuaded to try a set of the
Catlcnra remedies, and to my great
delight a marked change was mani-
fested from the first application. I
gare the child a bath with Cuticnra
Soap, using a soft piece of muslin cloth.
This I did twice a day, each tim« fol-
lowing with the Catlcnra . Ointment,
and at the same time gave the Besol-
Tent. according to directions. One box'
of the Ointment and two bottles of the
Resolvent, together with the Soap,
effected a permanent care I submit
this for publication If you desire, hop-
ing it will add to your success and assist
bo manv thousands of sufferers in car- .
Ing them»elTes. w Mks. I. B. JONES,
ADWKGTOX, Jxp. T.
The first step la the treatment of the
chronic forms Is to remove the scales
and crusts and soften the skin, by
warm baths with Cnticura Soap. The
•calp, ears, elbows, hands, ankles and
feet will require frequently a thorough
soaking in order to penetrate the thick-
ened skin and crusts with which these
parts are often covered. Dry care-
fully, and apply Cutlcura Ointment,
lightly at first, and where advisable
spread it on pieces of soft cloth and
bind 1b place. Take the Resolvent,
pills, or liquid. In medium doses. Do
not use cold water in bathing, and
avoid cold, raw winds.
Bold tbrocrhont tkc wortd. Cnttrot* RMahrat. Ak.
tat - Hew to Cw Eextm*."
P SS fa!" Fashionable Winter V
UVerCOQiS Young Gentry |
TWO OVERCOAT DAYS j
That will be made memorable by the High-Class Fashions that will be A
offered and the small" price attached to them. v •
iP^^^^ft^^^^ As P ictured °PP osite » in the shade I
. <^^^^^^^8 Chocolate Brown ; ;
Handsomely trimmed, smart in ap- ¦
pearance— the same idea in NAVY
i^^^^^^i^^ BLUE and - in OXFORD GRAY— to S
i Grand Extra
I . For Larger Boys
1 And it's a long, big, broad-should-
J ered Overcoat— swagger in appear- i^S^^pl^^i^^^
f ance— reaching down to the young "^^^^^^fi^^^^S '
I chap's shoetopsl Full Box Back and 1^^^^^^^^^^
fA to fit lads between, the ages of 6* and gMlJ^^fej^^^^^t
16 years. Just alive with style and |^|
•' ' ;good looks— a Overcoat — §||| v J
Grand Extra Special for f||i - ||1
: Friday and Saturday at* fig |||L
Bfi^^^^S^Si^ " "That; smart Naval Very swagger Englijh _^r<^»o%^ C
Or <|pii@P 1 ' ' Ca P y° u see in the pic- Golf Cap that you see pic- f^$§Mf$|3£& tt
4^ ?PPPlrllffi ture, with swell em- tured, swellest thing, In im- '»
S fe^SjUllMg' feroidered design— 75c ported Scotch Cloth.as well P^^^SSHT' V
1 ,» value— in the Hat De- a f \ n B ' ue s , er ? e a " d Che * S i^i^S If
I • « •.«. P-tment at 45 tS^SSS^^t ' 1
- J '^ ' ¦/ ..«¦? ... if^JK* I Saturday at . ¦ . *ftOC 1^ '''$*&& 8
/W^ Record
JL CQj Values
Our ,^
J^b^ 60c Teas
are regular
SOc qualities
Extra Premiums
Free
with each purchase
Premiums must be seen
to be appreciated
New Teas
25,30,35,40,50c
I Come early
just to look.
Great Am ericas Imptrtii; Tea Co.
Money Saving Store.
' Ml M«j-ktt 213 Sntter 2733 2Uh
140 eixtta 210 Grant art , 1<1» Polk
«7» H»l«ht 181» Drrt.ad.ro 706 Larkin
MlMlon S006 6ixt*«nth Itfl Ninth
CCK* Fillmor* f.2l Monte 1 T ave SM Hayes
3W Third 2516 Miseloa 62 Market
*6» fourth 20* Third t
For drivind
Centemer i
Cape Gloves
| Very Durable CS : -5*!5'
Heavy Seams V|«*^
Sizes 6» to 10 JPAIR
| 109 GRANT AVE.
J. Bet. Geary and Post .Sts.
Always . R.cm?ml>er the ggdl Jiqme
I axative f^romo f^nfnmg
Cures a Cold in One Dty, Crlpta 2 Days
MARKS BROS.
Another Big Sale
To-Day of
Girls 9 Coats
3 Lots— Sizes 6 to' 16 years.
XtOT X— ¦>
This '£sj£^*'
Misses CoaC fdB£*$ c S?T
f !s3ffiw ¦
HOT XX— '
T/f/s *3*^#v
Affirm coat J3&k
TO-DAY "C§1bLs1i^
this $^ B^ i^^^ m
Send in your name^and we'll jmail ] FREE
Our Fall and Winter, Mail Order Book.
MARKS BROS,
: The } Home of" Honest , Vafuei
i22&^1224;mRKEX'^^ET