FLUSHED WITH VICTORY OYAMA'S TROOPS PURSUE SLAVS FROM THE BATTLEFIELD
DISCOBD develops into warm hostilities and the
members who prevented indictment or accusa
tion want to have the inquisitorial body disbanded,
alleging that there is too much political conniving on
foot.
THREATEN TO TAKE STEPS FOR JURY'S DISMISSAL
Grand Jury Asks That Election
Commissioners Be Prosecuted
UEADQUARTERS OF THE JAPANESE LEFT ARMY (in the field), Wednesday,
Oct. 12.— The- victory of the Japanese Left army to-day was decisive. The Rus
sians fought bravely and several times attempted counter attacks. The Japanese,
.repulsed them every time and continued their steady advance. The left wing of the
Left army threatened to envelop the Russian right, compelling the Russians to retreat,
The Japanese artillery, including the batteries captured from the Russians* did their
usual splendid work in shelling the trenches and the retreating Russians.
>T^HE majority tries to make the best of the situa-
JL tion by a resolution requesting that the presid
ing Judge instruct the District Attorney to take steps
to oust the board from office.
RETURN INDICTMENT AGAINST JOSEPH REBSTOCK
'T^HBEE jurors refuse to go into court to present
A the bill until Judge Sloss sends a bailiff to bring
them in. their attendance being necessary to make a
quorum.
Continued on Paje 2, Column -i
Death . Summons a Pioneer - Preacher.
j SANTA* ROSA.; Oct. 13.— Rev.': David
Overton,*: a (pioneer, preacher; died •; to
day i : at his home at . Camp ; Meeker. 1 He
was 70 ¦ years 'of "age.
. Continued on Page 4, . Column 2.
WASHINGTON. ; Oct. 1 1 3.— Mabel L.
Hlckrnan has been : appointed j' postmas
ter" at; Gleridale; ¦ .Cal./; Irving • D. r ? Madle
pestmaster \ at ' Foster," ; John ; Fisher^ at
Kellogg: and* Richard * Wild at Wren,
Ore.."' .,-. .,.,;;- ..-¦ - •. \,-.; . r .". '¦••..-,..;:• ';,' , :
..Changes in* Postal " Service.
JAPANESE HOLD A HILL.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 13.—Gen
eral Sakharoff. In a dispatch to the
,TOKIO, Oct. 13.— A dispatch from Pe
king states that .Dalai Lama, .who : fled
from • Lassa upon the approach of : the
British expedition under. Colonel Young
husband and General Macdonald,- Is tin
der Russian j 'protection," and that \ the
only.'- Tibetan slgnature^tbr the '/Anglo-
Tibetan convention Is : that of the Vice
Lama, . ' .. /:f-v" 'Y
Head Priest \Vho Fled ' Before Eng
lish Expedition Said to Be Under
, Russian : Protection.
DALAI LAMA'S SIGNATURE
NOT ON TIBETAN TREATY
ST. , LOUIS, Oct. 13.— In a "public
speechidelivered; before the American
Street ; Railway Association I President
Francis ' declared to-d'ay that . the
,W6rld's Fair, has lost at least $1,000,
000 j through -being 'compelled to close
Sundays.' . ....¦'.'.¦'- ' vV . -^- «*'^?'
Sunday - Closing Causes Loss.
TOPEKA, Oct. 13.— Tourist travel
to California Is exceptionally heavy
this week.' For .'several' weeks' a rate
ot $25 has been in' effect. W. J. Black,
general passenger agent of the Santa
Fev states that since; the ' first of this
month' the: Santa Fe has had sixty-six
extra tourist sleepers to' handle tour
ist excursion business! - This has' been
In addition to the regular - California
trains. . ' , \ ,
HEAVY TOURIST TRAVEL
TO. THE GOLDEN . STATE
KINGSTOWN, Island of St. Vincent.
Oct. 12.— Police investigation Into the
matter of the murder of a^llttle white
boy, whose heart and dismembered
hands were found in the house of an
obiman (negro sorcerer) in the island of
St. Lucia, has resulted in" the arrest of
a- seemingly intelligent negro* butcher
and a disclosure of barbarous supersti
tion .and diabolism that survives to a
startling extent in the West Indies, the
heritage of a savage ancestry.
The child it appears was the victim
of the desire of, the man now in cus
tody, and. who had been concerned In
some litigation, to "work a spell" upon
the Judge of the Supreme Court who
was to try the case. , To' this end, at the
direction of the obiman whom he r con
sulted, the negro decoyed thechild to
the house of ; the obiman, on' a deserted
estate in the 'extreme northern part of
St. Lucia, and there the child was mur
dered and his corpse dismembered. '.
Murdered by West Indian Negro, Who
Desired' to Work Spell on a
Judge.
WHITE CHILD IS VICTIM
OF BARBAROUS SUPERSTITION
BOSTON, Oct. 13.— Thomas Bailey
Alldrich's scriptural drama in : four
acts, "Judith of Betulia," as present
ed by Nance O'Neil and company, ' is
drawing crowded "houses. * The pro
duction moves _ smoothly and is re
ceived with every- mark of favor and
last night' the star was recalled ten
times at the f end of the third act. •
The production is finely staged and
costumed and is 1 announced for the
remainder ; of the week in"? this' city,
after which it will not be again seen
until Miss O'Neil's New York engage
ment.
Alldrich's Scriptural Drama, With
Xance O'Neil In Star Role,
Scores: a Hit.
BOSTOX KINDLY GREETS
"JUDITH OF BETDLIA"
ture. ¦....'¦' ""
"I am not surprised," said . Dr. .Wiley
to-day, "at the revelations recently
made in New. York : concerning the ; ott
dinary whisky of j commerce. I have
tried, to convey ., a warning in times
past and .. the situation as developed
simply r gives a practical illustration of
the necessity of this warning. .The
Bureau of Chemistry has already, en
tered;, upon : an - analysis of domestic
whiskies to ascertain the, difference be
tween the pure and the adulterated, and
i particularly to find out • the ingredients
of -the' latter. I have ordered '•{ 150
samples of .whisky now in bond' from
the : Internal Revenue Bureau ; of ~ r the
Government. - From, '.what : • we i have
~h~eaxd ; from ; dealers in whisky I ; am led
to believe; that 85 per; cent:of'the:or
dinarywhisky of commerce is adulter
ated." ;.- v ',* ;¦
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. Oct. 13.— Following
close on the whisky fatalities of New
York and the subsequent revelations
there. Dr. C. W. Wiley, chief of the
Government Bureau of Chemistry,
sounded a note of -warning to-day.. In
an interview he expressed the opinion
that fully 85 per cent of all the whisky
sold In this country in hotels, restau
rants, , clubs and bars . was nothing less
than cheap imitation. While this may
not ! be fatally poisonous, very much of
it is dangerous to the human system
even when j taken moderately . and - it is
all a fraud on the public. . .
The Government, through the< Bu
reau of Chemistry, has already begun
an investigation. For the remedy . Dr.
Wiley suggests better laws, regulating
the sale of strong drink, the most Im
portant of which- shall be a statute
compelling real and spurious articles
to be labeled as such. "The passage of
the pure food bill now pending In Con
gress, he says, will aid any laws the
States may now have or in the fu-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
11 from the headquarters of General
Bilderiinc, whose corps occupies the
Russian center, describe the bloody and
desperate character of the fight along
the railroad north of Yental station,
where on Monday the Russians repeat
edly charged the Japanese trenches at
the point of the bayonet, the fight con
tinuing into the night. The Japanese
reserved their fire until the Russians,
at the double, were almost upon them.
An instance is given of a regiment get
ting within a few yards of the Japanese
trenches, but recoiling before the mur
derous volleys of the Japanese, then
coming on again with reinforcements
literally under a shower of shrapnel
and finally succeeding < In driving out
the Japanese. But the Japanese artil
lery fire was so withering that the Rus
sians were unable to remain in the
trenches.
That' night ' the Japanese artillery
bombarded. the Russian center, prepar
ing the way for a general counter-at
tack, which Field Marshal Oyama or
dered for Tuesday. The Japanese of
fensive extended to their extreme left.
General Oka's army being for the first
time engaged. At nightfall on Tuesday
the Japanese had forced back the Rus
sian right, but the center held fast, al
though a few positions had fallen into
the hands of the Japanese.
The latest newspaper reports ' say
Generals Rennenkampff and Kashtalln
sky .encircled the Japanese right,
crossed. the Taitse River and came out
on the Fengwangcheng road, the Japa
nese retiring before them.. The news
from these mixed columns Is three days
old.
A special dispatch to a newspaper,
dated late last night, says the battle
continued desperately along the whole
front,,, the' most .severe fighting being
transferred to the eastern front.
Another newspaper dispatch, dated
from Harbin to-day, says the tide of
battle, is with the Russians. Upon the
basis of this dispatch "extras" with
flaming headlines ; announcing a Japa
nese retreat along the whole line were
sold by thousands.
Government Chemist
Makes Startling
Statement
INVENTORS WHO HAVE CON
TRIBUTED TO JAPAN'S VIC
TORIES IN WAR. tSEE PAGED
"According to reports and to my own
observations the fighting was most des
perate. We repulsed numerous Japan
ese attacks and ourselves assumed the
offensive. The > heroic defense, of Its
advance position .by the Tomsk Regi
ment is especially deserving of mention.
"During the T night our ' troops on the
right 'flank * recaptured fat the point of
the bayonet ¦ a • village .which . had been
lost "the * previous evening. . On the left
flank severe ? fighting for; the possession
of r. a'; pass i has '? been i continued. Our
troops . scaled ? almost inaccessible] rocks
and -^ held ;~ their / ground ; for two days,
gradually approaching, the Venemy.
* "I • have" not 7yet 'received a report of
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 13.— General
Kuropatkin reports that during the
fighting of yesterday and to-day the
advance troops ' were 'reinforced from
the principal positions, that this even
ing the left wing was ordered to fall
back on the main position and that at 2
o'clock the ' center also was obliged to
fall back. ' The report does not mention
the fighting on the right wing.
: The full text' of General Kuropatkln's
report, which is dated the 13th, follows:
"Last night and throughout to-day
the Manchurian army -was engaged in
a fierce fight. The Japanese concen
trated a great force against our posi
tions on the center and right wing.
We carried on the fight from advanced
positions, and.it became necessary to
.support these advance guards from the
main position.' The right wing held its
advance position," and only at nightfall,
under my orders," retired to the princi
pal position. In the center the troops
were forced to retire from the advance
to the main position at 2 p. m.
PRAISES* HIS TROOPS.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE JAPA
NESE LEFT ARMY. IN THE FIELD.
Wednesday. Oct. 12.— The ; left army
made an advance last night and early
this morning occupied a position close
to a village and field occupied by the
Russians. The Japanese attacked along
the whole line, driving the Russians out
of the position to which they had re
tired yesterday. At 3 o'clock this after
noon the Russians were retreating
northward In disorder. The Japanese
captured a complete Russian battery.
The Japanese are pursuing and shelling
the -retreating Russians, whose loss
probably is large.
MUKDEN, Oct. 13.— The battle south
of this place continued throughout
Wednesday with ever-increasing fury.
In respect , to desperateness, bravery
and bloodshed It far exceeds the battle
of Liaoyang. Toward evening the Japa
nese repeatedly assumed the offensive.
The fight continued to-day with un
abated, fury and determination. This
was the fourth day of the battle.
RUSSIANS FAIIi BACK.
GIVES NOTE
OF WARNING
TO DRINKERS
The bullion left Goldfleld in a wagon
train under an armed guard of several
menvlast week and on reaching;Klon
dike Springs, fifteen miles south of
Goldfield, darkness overtook the train
and camp was ordered. A close watch
was kept on the gold and in the middle
of the night Captain William Parry, a
pioneer frontiersman, - saw two men
trying to carry off two of the . sacks.
He fired at them and called for them
to stop, whereupon they dropped j the
sacks and disappeared in the darkness.
They are thought to be following' the
men in possession of the bullion and
the greatest precautions are being
taken.
RENO, New, Oct. 13.— The bullion
from fifteen tons of ore, taken from
the famous Sandstorm mine in Gold
field, arrived in Reno last night from
Sodavjlle. The bullion is In charge of
T. L. Oddie, a millionaire, who is* one
of the principal owners in the mine,
but is divided among several men,
whose identity is kept a secret tp pre
vent robbery. Certain persons in Gold
field know the. gold is en route to San
Francisco and have made one attempt
to steal some of it.
Special Dispatch to Tb* CmlL
¦ .: — ! .
Guard '. Presents, the; Theft
Gokiiieici; to This City
The action of the Grand Jury is
based on testimony heard concerning
the election officers In .the Eightieth or
Almshoase Precinct, where Joseph
Rebstock was inspector. It appears
that all of the six officers were Repub
licans, whereas the law requires that
precinct boards shall be divided po
litically: not one of them is a tax
payer, notwithstanding the statute de
clares that election officers shall be on
the assessment roll; only, five of the
eix were residents of the precinct. In
which they 6erved— the law demand.6
that all should be.
In other precincta similar conditions
prevailed, .and the , majority of - the
The communication asking that Dis
trict Attorney Byington be instructed
to Institute prosecution against Com
missioners Roberts, Devoto, Lefflng
wel!, McGuire and Voorsanger will be
transmitted to-day to Judge Lawior.
who is the presiding Judge, by Fore
ir.an Alfred Lilienfold. The Judge re
fused to be Interviewed last ; evening
as to the matter, and would not give
ar.y opinion concerning the legal force
of the Grand Jury's resolution.
It is not contemplated to have the
Commissioners accused of any crime,
but charged with dereliction of duty
for not enforcing the requirements of
law regarding the qualifications of elec
tion officers. The only punishment, if
found guilty by. the jury, would be
ouster from office.
Willie the members of the jury that
an» b?nt on making free use of the pre
rogative of indictment for violation of
the purity of elections law are not very
hopeful that anything further can be
accomplished, tbey were not in a mood
last night to give up what they declare
to be a solemn duty. Some thought the
force of public opinion may yet induce
the recalcitrant Jurors to see the error
of their way. At best, they admitted,
however, that the situation was dis
couraging and the. probability of more
Indictments for frauds very small. The
advisability of terminating the sitting
of the jury and the impaneling of a new
one was discussed favorably.
REQUEST FOR PROSECUTION*.
Four jurors refused to go into court
to return the indictment against Joseph
Rebstock, charged with misconduct
¦while serving as inspector in the Alms
house precinct, and Judge Sloss com
plied with a request of Foreman Lilien
feld to send the bailiff to bring them in.
there being only eleven Jurors on hand
and twelve being required by law. This
•uas the first outbreak of hostilities.
After adjournment, those who op
posed action against the Election Com
missioners came out of the heat of the
jury-room with emphatic declarations
th.u at the next meeting they would
take action to petition for the dismissal
of tho Grand 'Jury, for they were dis
gusted with its proceedings and did not
believe that any more good work could
b*» accomplished by it. They allege
animus and political machination
against those whom they regard as
overxealous in the probing of ballot-box
frauds.
Only eleven -members of the Grand
Jury would vote yesterday for a formal
accusation against the Election Com
missioners, • and instead of a present
ment or an Indictment a resolution was
passed by the majority asking the pre
siding: Jud^e of the Superior Court to
direct the District ¦'„ Attorney^, to take
steps to oust the board, from office. »O
This unusual proceeding was. taken
as the last course possible — "the best
that could be done under the circum
stances," it • was explained — after a
stormy session in which the discord
that has be*n brewing at several meet
ings had broken out into an open rup
ture. There is no legal provision for
such a resolution, and no authority to
compel the Judge to obey the Grand
Jury's request.
This left only eleven jurors to present
the indictment, and argument with the
unwilling: trio waxed furious. The law
was read and expounded to show that
it was not necessary that the twelve
Jurors who found the indictment should
be the same twelve to go Into court.
So long as there were a dozen on hand
on either occasion the i statutes would
be complied ' with.
But Welch and O'Brien insisted that
they would, not take part In accusing
a citizen of a crime unless they heard
the evidence " and : for a while had; the
better of the situation. They turned
a deaf ear to persuasion and argument
and stuck to their Idea of things. Dr.
Drucker was no more yielding than
they.
' Foreman Liilienfeld came "out into the
anteroom and telephoned for F. ' H.
Wheelan, W. H. Hazell and Dan Fitz
gerald, on whose testimony the charge
against Rebstock was based. They
added to their strength E. C. Harrison,
who was ready to tell of. some; exciting
experiences he' had, when . trying: to
challenge ; voters in the Eightieth Pre
cinct, where, the inmates off the; Alms-
The Grand Jury began its exciting
session at 2:30 o'clock and at once took
vp the matter of returning the indict
ment which the District Attorney had
prepared. The combat soon j> opened.
Charles W. Welch, secretary of the
body, announced that he was not pres
ent when the vote ,on the indictment
was taken Tuesday night, and not be
ing cognizant of the facts in the
case did not wish to have anything to
do with it. Matthew I. O'Brien was
also absent when the true bill was
found and he also demurred to appear
ing in court as supporting the accusa
tion. Dr. George I. Drucker had voted
against the Indictment and did not feel
that he should appear in court as hav
ing assisted in instituting the prosecu
tion against Rebstock.
"My conscience is easy,** said Com
missioner A. W. Voorsanger In discuss
ing the probable prosecution." "I know
that I have participated in no offense
against the law."
"The law requiring property qualifi
cation of an election "officer Is uncon
stitutional," said Commissioner E. C.
Leffingwell. "The requirement that the
officers must be residents of the pre
cincts in which they serve is imprac
tical, for when we learn at the eleventh
hour that a man cannot be on hand at
the polls we have to take an appointee
from the available list and send him
out to fill the vacancy. It is utterly
impossible to carry on an election prop
erly In every precinct if we are re
stricted to the precinct for its board of
officers. The. Grand Jury's attempt to
prosecute us is ridiculous."
"I regard the effort of the grand ju
rors as an outrage," was the comment
of Commissioner J. A. Devoto. "True,
we have not obeyed the letter of the
law. That was impossible and uncalled
for. We have committed no crime, and
here we are dragged before the public
as law-breakers. I was born^ and
raised in San Francisco and I value my
good reputation. I have never been
guilty of anything to darken it and the
stigma that is cast by the Grand Jury
without good reason is far from right.
I have no fear of consequences in court,
but to be placed in a false light, as has
now been done, is certainly unpleasant.
The chief aim of the grand jurors, in
my opinion, is to do politics, by be
smirching the present municipal ad
ministration." ..:,:„, - .:
Grand Jury were determined to hold
the Board of Election Commissioners
accountable. Evidence had been gath
ered that a number of changes were
made arbitrarily in the personnel of
various precinct boards the night be
fore the primaries.
DISCLAIMS OFFENSE- . , . .,
SENDS BULLETS
AFTER THIEVES
Last month both Cuff and Tilley. de
cided to come East and look up the
girl. They met on the train and the
story came out. \ Each was coming to
be married. They found that both
carried the same photograph. They
went back to the farm and wired to
Washington. .
The postofflce authorities say Mc-
Kinney has fully two score victims in
different localities.
About a year ago McKinney was in
California, and there met many well
to-do farmers, including .Tilley and
Cuff. He was there for some time.
Soon after he returned to the East
both Tilley and Cuff began receiving
letters written in a feminine hand and
saying the writer had been referred to
the one addressed by Rev. Mr. McKin
ny. Cuff's letter was signed by "Anj
nie." Tilley's by "Mary." Soon a re
quest was sent East for a photo
graph — one by each man, unknown to
the other. Each received the portrait
of a beautiful woman. The next mail
eastward . carried a proposal of mar
riage from each of the farmers. |
Both were accepted, but the letter
received by each said the girl could
not come without money. Each Cali7
fornian sent $50 and the romance
ended there.
PITTSBURG, Pa:,- Oct. 13. — Rev.
Homer L. McKinney, for years one of
the be^ known evangelists in the Erie
conference, but for some time past
proprietor of a portrait establishment
in*Freeport, Pa., was this evening
committed to jail by United States
Commissioner Lindsey, to await a
court hearing.
McKinney is charged with having
obtained money by fraud, using the
mails for that purpose. According to
the postal authorities, he has been
passing himself off aa two marriage
able maidens and making violent love
to California farmers, becoming en
gaged to two of the latter arid collect
ing money for a wedding trousseau
from each. Postofflce arid Federal of
ficers: of Philadelphia. -who-jOTari^-iha
arrest this afternoon, say that the evi
dence reveals a remarkable scheme.
"Annie Hall" and "Mary Roberts"
are the names under which the parson
is alleged to have made love and con
ducted his campaign. William Tilley
and J. X. Cuff, wealthy ranchmen of
Eureka, Cal., are the two victims who
appear on the surface.
When arraigned this evening the
parson had little or nothing to say.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Russians Repeatedly Charge Japanese
Trenches With the Bayonet.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 13.— Private
dispatches sent on the night of October
ILAXD TO HANT) FIGHTING.
Victims Forward Money for Wedding
Trousseaus and There the '
Romance Ends.
the result of to-day's fight on the- left
wing. Under the conditions of the
fighting the losses are necessarily con
siderable. I have ordered that the po
sitions we now hold be stubbornly de
fended to-morrow."
Assumes Feminine Names
and Invites Proposals
to Marry.
Nippon's Soldiers Capture Many Guns
BIG LOSSES IN FOURTH DAY'S FIGHTING
Kuropatkin Orders Renewal of Battle
ONE VOTE LACKING TO MAKE A FORMAL CHARGE
Former Evangelist
Arrested for .
Fraud.
DUPES TWO
CALIFORNIA
RANCHERS
4.
THE LEATHER.
For*c**t zamde at San Frar.ciico for
thirty hour* endlnr midnight, Octo
ber 14:
Saa FraBeUco aad vicinity— Cloudy
Friday, prcbably ehower* In the after
noon: fre*h acutheriy wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster (temporarily In
The San Francisco Call.
ij- ~ — — ' •" • . — — .
- T|fB THilATi-KS. ¦
ALCAZAR— "Lord and Lady Algy. m
CALIFORNIA— '"nta Tenderfoot."
CE2iTIUi.il — "She." ;
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
COLUMBIA — "The Office Boy.~
FISCHER'S — "Down the line."
GRAND — "The Burgomaster."
LTRJC HALL— "Twelfth Night." 3Iit
lnee to-£&y.
MAJESTIC— "A Japanea* NljbUn
g*Ie."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI — "Der Rastelblnder."
4. _______
SAN -FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 136.The' Dally Mail's.Toklo correspondent
asserts; that the. pursuit, by. the Japan
ese is working great havoc to the dls
spirited Russians, who. left their dead
and' wounded on the field.". The Rus
sian, forces are, estimated at 200,000,
with 1000 guns, and. the\ correspondent
says the, fighting was the .'most severe
and terrible of '•. the .whole ' war.
V,: ' ' * '".'•-• v ';:¦;"'' '¦';¦ .1.
LONDON, Oct. 14.— The Standard's
correspondent In the field with General
Kurokl, telegraphing on October 11,
says:
¦ "After two days' heavy fighting the
enemy's resistance "„ was broken this
afternoon and the Russians are now in
full retreat!"
/Describing a fight for; a rock sur
mounted by a picturesque temple, the
correspondent says: • '-.'¦• {- • -
"At times It was a hand-to-hand con
flict.- .The Russians fought > hard and
desperately; but were no match for the
Infantry. On the other hand,
T^e suffered a disadvantage. .Our guns
i were but of range and were constantly
reduced* to silence ; for. the f greater part
•of, the day. A timely- mist enabled the
Japanese-, to draw. near, comparatively
.without 'damage, Ttb the { hills of the
Russian . position and ' from which the
Russians' .were forced \. to withdraw.
Their .retirement was very • leisurely,
and'^the- guns in, particular' remained
on'; -the .ground ¦ longer than seemed
safe."/ m ¦ -•' /: - ',.¦'¦•* '•¦¦'¦¦ -¦ ¦'-' ¦
Czar's Soldiers No Match for the Isl
and Infantry^
SLAV BRAVERY IS WASTED.
Fonr Golfers Remain to Plar.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 1J.— Th«
Women's National Golf championship
tournament on the links of the Merlon
Cricket Club at Haverf ord has reached
the semi-final round, with Miss-
ine Mackay of the Oakley Country
Club, Mrs. E. S. Sanford, Orange, N.
J.; Miss Harley. Fall River, and Miss
Georginia Bishop, Brooklawn, as the
contestants. To-morrow Miss Mackay
will -play Mrs. Sanford. and Miss Har
ley will meet Miss Bishop. -
A dispatch from Tslngtau on Octo
ber 7 said that the British steamer
Howlck Hall was discharging a cargo
of coal to the German steamship Em
ma and that the latter was expected
to make an attempt to reach Port
Arthur within a few days from the
time the dispatch was sent.
TSINGTAU, Oct. 13.— A high Russian
officer' who passed through Tsingtau
yesterday on his Vayjto; Shanghai is
making fabulous* offerst'to shippers to
take,' cargoes to "Port '"Arthur and this
officer "has admitted that the supplies
there are alarmingly low, especially"
those of coal.
The German steamship Emma, which
cleared from here yesterday for San
Francisco with a cargo of coal, will at
tempt, to reach Port Arthur- The for
eign crew of the Emma has been re
placed by Chinese. Many of the crew
deserted upon learning the destination
of the ship.
It is said that the Russians paid the
owners of the Emma $15 per ton, be
sides depositing the appraised value of
the vessel, with a bonus of 25 per cent
in. bank . before the cargo was loaded,
and that the captain, should he suc
cessfully, run the blockade, Is to be
awarded a prize of $1250.
Russian Agent Offers Rich Rewards to
' Blockade Runners. • . :ssz'
PRESIDENT PREPARING
TO REDEEM HIS PROMISE
Invitations Will Be Sent to Powers
Asking for Meeting to Revise
The Hague Convention.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. — The Pres
ident is preparing to redeem his prom
ise to the delegates to the interpar
liamentary peace conference to secure
another meeting of plenipotentiaries
of the powers signatory to The Hague
convention, with a view to revising
and adding to that instrument. The
State Department will address sepa
rate notes to every government repre
sented in the last conference, inviting
suggestions as to the time and place
of meeting, and without doubt in the
spirit of caution that 4 Is always ex
hibited by diplomats many of these
governments will, seek to secure an
ironclad agreement as to the scope of
the conference. Many limitations are
expected to be proposed in this way
and it is realized that much difficulty
will be experienced in securing har
mony, r 1
POirr ARTHUR NEEDS. COAL.
heights of Pacheatzu. The left column
of the right army occupied the north
ern heights of Shaotakou and continues
to pursue the enemy's central column.
The right army succeeded in occupying
Maerh Mountain. The central army,
beginning operations from midnight,
October 11, reached the heights ex
tending from Sanchiatzu to Sankaushih
Mountain, on the northwest, and is
probably pursuing the enemy. The left
army continues to* attack "the enemy
along the- Schili River and at Lung
wangmiao and Wulichiah since --last
night, but has not yet attained tits ob
ject;' At present, aided with reinforce
ments, the left wing is trying to en
velop the enemy's right flank by means
of a rear engagement in the direction
of Penhsuhu and the fighting con
tinues. Judging from the above state
of affairs, the operations in those di
rections are proceeding favorably tow
ard the attain- .ent of our first object."
The second message was as follows:
"In an engagement at midnight on
October 11 we captured two field guns
and eight ammunition- wagons. Major
General Murul was wounded and one
colonel was killed."
'battling before sunrise.
TOKIO. Oct. 13— It is yet too early
to measure the results of the tremen
dous struggle which has been waged
for the past three days south of Muk
den, but all reports reaching Tokio in
dicate that General Kuropatkin has
been decisively Avhipi«ed and severely
punished. The Russian commander
was evidently caught while making his
dispositions with his forces scattered,
and he was beaten before he. could re
cover.
Much depends on the ability and the
resolution of the Japanese in applying
&nd following up their advantages
Kuropatkin may turn upon favorable
ground and succeed In beating back
the Japanese onslaught, but the tide
seems against him.
The Japanese yesterday began a des
perate effort to turn the Russian right,
and if this effort should be successful
it will carry disaster to the Russian
arms.
The struggle around Benshiu is be
ing followed with intense interest here.
The Russian force there is estimated
at bOOO, and its isolation or loss would
be a severe blow.
Estimates of the total forces engaged
vary. One telegram from Liaoyang
says that the Russians have 200,000
men, with 1000 guns. The Japanese
force exceeds the number engaged at
the battle of Liaoyang.
RUSSIAN GUNS CAPTURED.
The latest telegrams from the front
indicate the continuation of Japanese
euccess. General Oku's left army alone
bagged twenty-five guns.
The Russians made two desperate
< ounter attacks against the Japanese
left, but were repulsed with heavy
slaughter. The Japanese commanders
In their reports give expression to their
admiration of the valor of the Rus
sians.
Th« Manchurian headquarters in a
telegram tent to-day reports as fol
lows:
"Sinr-e the last report our right army
has been continuing a vigorous pur
suit of the enemy toward the north.
"The column which was dispatched
in the direction of Shihchiaotsu to in
tercept the retreat of the enemy from
}>enshiu continues its operations.
"The central army continues .Its at
tack on the Russians, and "expected to
occupy the line between Tungshankou
and Huchiakuchlat2u to-day." "The
enemy in this direction appeared to re
treat continuously until dusk last even
ing.
"A report that a large column of the
enemy Is moving to the southwest and
Artillery Resumes Engagement Before
the Coming of Dawn.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 13.— A dis
patch from a press correspondent,
dated Mukden, October 12, morning,
says:
"The fight opened to-day before
sunrise, when the sound of guns was
heard from the southward. I am leav
ing now for the front. The Russian
troops on Tuesday occupied; Yentai
Station, but the Japanese continued to
hold the Yentai mines, though a furi
ous fight had been in progress there
all day lopg. The Russians also cap
tured Benshiu after severe fighting and
thus found themselves In an Important
position on the Japanese flank.
"There are maijy contradictory re
ports of the general results of Tues
day's engagement afloat in Mukden,
and it is hard to arrive at an actual
conclusion. It is not even known, on
the whole, whether the Japanese or
the Russians are gaining the .most
ground.""
HAVOC OF JAPANESE SHELLS.
Commander of Russian Gunboat Giliak
, Killed at Port Arthur.
CHEFU, Oct. 13.— -local Russians
confirm the report that the ' Russian'
battleship -Retvizan was recently hit-'by;
a shell from one of the new big Jap-^
anese guns, but they claim that the!
damage done was Blight.. Two sailors'
were killed. Another shell burst near
the Russian gunboat Giliak, killing her
commander' and injuring others.
'• The Russians admit that the new
-Japanese guns furiously threaten the
harbor, - docks, etc. They believe,'
however, that the squadron at Port
Arthur will remain inside the harbor
until the arrival of the Baltic fleet.
BROWN INFANTRY ACTIVE.
TSINGTAU, Oct. 14.— Ships arriving
here ; *from-the north report jthatV they
were - stopped* and :\; searched Jby c^an
unnamed cruiser between Chefu and
Tslngtau. :/ *
Stopped .by Japanese Cruiser.
FIELD HEADQUARTERS OF THE
SECOND JAPANESE ARMY, Tues
day, Oct. 11.— During the night the
Japanese occupied the hills, held by
the Russians on the right 'and center
of the line, the Russian falling, back a
distance of three miles. The Japanese
Infantry advanced within 1500 yards
of the Russian lines at noon and de
feated the Russians In a fierce counter
attack, almost annihilating the attack-
Ing force, which, made three charges.
The Russian artillery was not silenced,
despite a fierce shelling all day.
Russian ' Force Almost Annihiliated in
a Counter Attack. ' .
is commencing the erection of defens
ive works at Chlenhuangchiatien can
not be verified.
"The number of guns captured by
the center column of the left army is
sixteen instead of eight, as previously
reported.
"The right wing of the center column
of the left army captured four guns.
"The enemy's two counter attacks
against the center column" of: the Jeft
army were very daring, but these at
tacks were repulsed ' with heavy dam
age, which .was Inflicted by our artil.-.
lery and by a heavy infantry, fire. .
"The right column of the left army,
while pursuing the enemy west of the
Schili River, captured five guns, mak
ing the total number of guns captured
twenty-five- The supports and the ar
tillery reserve advanced to Kuchiatzu
and vicinity, driving the Russians from
Hungchiatien.
"The right wing of the left column
of the center army captured 150 pris
oners."
WEDNESDAY'S FIGHTING.
An extended report received from the
headquarters of the Manchuria» ar
mies, a brief summary of which was
published this afternoon, indicated that
the Japanese were generally success
ful In the fighting of yesterday and
that all three of the Japanese armies
gained decided -advantages.
The operations designed to isolate
and surround the Russians at Benshiu
were progressing favorably.
The numbers engaged in the strug
gle exceed the forces which fought at
Liaoyang. In some ' places the fight
ing surpasses in desperation anything
shown since the war began. The losses
are not indicated, but they unquestion
ably are heavy. v
A telegram covering yesterday's op
erations, which arrived here to-day,
says:
"In the direction of Benshiu the ene
my's attacks have been repulsed at
all points. Communication with Chi
aotao has been firmly established. The
pursuit of the enemy undertaken by
the main force of the right and center
armies has progressed remarkably. ,
"A line from Maerhshan to Manchu
afan has been reached. There a body
of the enemy, possessing guns, was en
veloped by us • and - thrown Into j great
confusion, while another portion of the
enemy's forces appears to have fled
northward, also in great confusion..
SIjAVS RETIRE IN CONFUSION.
"The right army has sent a detach
ment toward Shihchlaotsu for the pur
pose of cutting' off the retreat of the
enemy, posted at Benshiu.
"The center army captured two guns
and eight ammunition wagons at Sank
waishisharf this morning.
"According to statements made * by
prisoners General Kuropatkin, with
three divisions, was in the rear* of the
force confronting pur right army. The
center and left columns of this army,
after driving a strong force of the ene
my before them, took the Russian po
sitions at Langtouchich and its vicinity
at 1:30 o'clock', in' the afternoon and
captured eight guns. Tne enemy fled
in a disorderly manner to the" north
and our force, pursuing 'him; Immedi
ately advanced toward Linhanchiatzu.
"The right column, after encounter
ing fierce resistance, successfully, dis
lodged the enemy, who > was holding
positions north of Yendonullu. The ene
my retired In confusion. . \
"Our force was engaged in "pursuing
the enemy , toward- Lungwangmlao,
south of Wulichiah, at 1:30 o'clock this
afternoon. ,"
"The left column is fiercely bombard-
Ing Peyentai, west of the railroad."
TELEGRAMS FROM OYAMA.
While the left army was desperately
struggling to envelop the Russian right.
Field Marshal Oyama dispatched two
telegrams, . the first of which said:,
r-"The state, of affairs in the direction
of Mukden is as follows: On the^morn
lng of October 12 the central column
of the right army at 5 o'clock occupied
Lokoulin ; Mountain; and the • northern
Tokio Rejoices in News That Kuropat
kin Has Been Decisively Defeated.
general staff dated October 11, gives
some details of the operations of Mon
day and Tuesday. He says:
""The Manchurian army on October
10 strengthened its hold on the posi
tions taken the previous evening, five
miles south of the Shakhe River.
"At about 3 o'clock in the morning
of October. 10 -.the enemy took the of
fensive between the Mandarin road and
the village of Toumytsa, north of Yen
tai. with about a division of infantry
and several batteries of artillery. The
enemy's attack was checked by the fire
of our advance guards. They main
tained an artillery bombardment until
the evening.
"On October 11 the Japanese attack
ed the Russians on both sides of the
railroad and north of the Yentai mines.
A fierce fight raged all day long and
by night the greater portion of the
position occupied by the Japanese in
Khona Pass had fallen into the hands
of the Russians, who, however," at. 5
o'clock In the evening had not yet suc
ceeded in capturing a wooded hill con
stituting the key to tne position. u v
"throughout October 11 the Russians
.maintained, the offensive along the en
tire front ' against the . Japanese ad
vanced positions, except at some points
where they /were obliged to retire to
their, main positions."
"Port Arthur is different. Should it
be captured those in 'Russia who are
supposed to favor a reasonable settle
ment would have a sentimental, ma
' terial factor in . favor of their point of
a view that no development of the Man
churian campaign could provide. Japan,
In possession of Port Arthur, could
treat for, peace. How much longer Port
Arthur can last I have not the least
idea. Hot weather Is an advantage to
the defenders. From the Intense heat
and sanitary disadvantages the Japan
ese' could not 'get away. Against the
cold nosL. com Ing on they can take the
necessary precautions and suffer none
of those epidemics, whereto, if they are
not victim, they are at least exposed.
- "It' is impossible," ' concluded Baron
Hayashl, "to think that this* war can
be allowed to continue indefinitely.' "In
tervention In some shape or form must
"eventually^ occur. " At the moment Rus
sia' dreads 1,' any one" suggesting it, be"-;
cause therein Is involved a confession of
defeat. £i Should \ Port . Arthur * fall . I
"think it would.be different."
TAIjKS OF INTERVENTION.
"I understand that such attempts as
Kuropatkin made to . cut our lines of
communication appear to have been
confined to those connecting *us with
Korea. Some other military critics
seem to forget that our main lines of
communication are now with New
chwang and not with the Yalu. This is
an- Infinitely cheaper and quicker
method of transport. Our second army
lines of communication over the Yalu
to Korea were maintained only with
great difficulty and because we had no
other alternative.
"Whatever the result -of the present
/battle, whether Oyama retire to his po
sition at Liaovang or whether he force
Kuropatkin j back > toward Mukden, it
will only have a small bearing upon
the decision of the grim issues at
stake."
"Until Port Arthur falls," says the
Baron, "a proposal looking /to peace
must be futile. Defeat or victory to the
Russian Manchurian armies merely
swells the dally death roll. Kuropat
kin driven back : and utterly defeated
would simoly harden Russia's heart.
Kuropatkin .temporarily successful
would inspire new enthusiasm. In such
a see-saw the,re Is no hope of peace.
"Heretofore it has been an open ques
tion in some quarters whether Kuro
patkin's strategy was not more re
sponsible for the Russian retirement
than Japanese aggression. Kuropat
kin'has chosen to brush aside all that
doubt and make a plain Issue. Let it
be remembered that Oyama so far has
only been fighting from his first line of
defense. . Retirement to Oyama merely
means .falling : back upon his main de
fenses and base — namely, Liaovang —
where all preparations in the way of
fortifications and ammunition have
been made for a prolonged stand, In
case of '-necessity. That Oyama has
met' Kuropatkin's advance on Yantai
with a counter advance indicates a
greater state of preparedness on the
part of our forces than I expected. But
there is some doubt if Oyama could
rt/llow up any advantage gained In
irhaT* Is comparatively an open fight.
Oyama's acceptance of a general en
gagement from his first and weaker
lines implies strength, which makes
the motive of Kuropatkin's attack all
the more puzzling.
PEACE NOT IN SIGHT.
LONDON, Oct. 13.— News of the bat
tle between the Russians and Japanese
was eagerly awaited here throughout
the day at the Japanese legation. Many
inquiries were made there by Kritlsh
officials, but the Japanese authorities
were" even less informed than the
newspapers. The suspense was not
untinged with anxiety, which was
more noticeable than during any pre
vious phase of the war. Baron Hay
ashl, the Japanese Minister, said:
"The reports of our success, welcome
as they are, must not be construed as
being a forerunner of any decisive
blow. It is practically impossible for
Marshal Oyama to envelop and utterly
crush General Kuropatkin, Just as it is
practically impossible for Kuropatkin
to envelop Oyama. A victory in the
battle now raging means to us that
Kuropatkin must confess defeat, which
is important, but not decisive. He can
put forward no strategical excuses, as
at I>iaoyang. Any retreat on the part
of the Russian forces now is an open
confession to the world that tlfey have
suffered a serious reverse.
OYAMA'S STRONG POSITION.
The Iguin fuse. Invented by Vice Ad
miral Iguin, second In command of the
general staff of the Japanese navy. Its
merit lies In Its simplicity and its-cer
tainty of action at the proper time. It
Is said to exceed anything: In use by
other nations, as far as Is known. ;--,
" The Arisaka gun Is ' a three-Inch
piece, firing either common shell or
shrapnel, the latter weighing thirteen
pounds and carrying 230 balls. In ac
tion It fires four or five shots per min
ute. The breech is closed by a screw
lock. The gun weighs 1900 pounds
and with the carriage complete only
3500 pounds, giving: It great mobility.
The Arisaka rifle for Infantry *is a
modification of the Mauser, with' a
very smair caliber, .05 of an Inch less
than the Lee-Enfteld rlfls. It has
proved very efficient in "¦topping'*
men in action. . <J : Z
With their electrical field mines.
electrically charged, barbed wire en
tanglements at Port Arthur, the
Russians make the work of their
assailants most difficult and deadly;
while, on the other hand, the Japanese
have availed themselves with equally
telling effect of new arms and devices
of their own contriving and manufac
ture, the secrets of which are sedu^
lousiy concealed.
Of these new engines of war made
use of by the Mikado's men four may
be mentioned as having: been wonder
fully efficient — have made the names
of their inventors honored at homo
and famous abroad. These are the
Arisaka quick-firing; gun for field ar
tillery and the infantry rifle, the
Iguin fuse, the Oda submarine mine
and the Shimose powder.
- To the last two ia due most of the
destruction wrought upon the Russian
war vessels at Port Arthur and in the
Korean Straits, as well as at Chem
ulpo. "V
The Shimose ©owder is not used as
a propellant in guns, but as an explo
sive in shells, and Is said to be Infe
rior only to blasting gelatine in Its
deadly effects. It was first used In
action by the Asama in the destruction
of the Variag at Chemulpo. ,' \
The Oda mine, a type of which is
said to have blown up the..Petro
polavsk is a wonderful Invention.
which automatically adjusts Itself to
any depth' of water and carries an
enormous charge of - explosive. Insur
ing destruction to any vessel, so un
fortunate as to touch it.
The present war has developed
much ingenuity on both sides, both in
making new engines of destruction
and in applying forces and means al
ready well known to the same end.
"The Japanese are using explosives
inclosed in Boxes j and provided with
Bickford fuses, which they throw like
hand grenades. Our army is employing
similar weapons.
"Our indefatigable hero, Kondra
tenko, Is continually Inventing fresh
means of striking the enemy. The
troops continue showing heroism, the
wounded returning to the ranks with
great ardor."
Under date of October 7, General
Stoessel reports as follows:
"The Japanese have organized fresh
batteries to bombard the' inner fortress.
One of these batteries is ' composed* of
eleven-inch mortars. The bombard-"
ment is becoming more violent every
day. The enemy has received rein-,
forcements of several battalions. The
weather is cold. The spirit of the troops
is excellent and all, from the chiefs to
the lowest soldier, are eager to fight
the enemy.!'
"The Japanese, having increased the
number of their guns against the north
front, commenced an approach against
that section of the fortress on the night
of October 1, but were stopped by vol
leys. The Japanese then directed their
attack on the extreme right, assailing
Signal Hill, which is situated near the
sea, and commenced an attack from
Siaku Hill. Having repulsed our sharp
shooters, the Japanese occupied Signal
Hill. At daylight Signal Hill was
shelled by Russian artillery, after
which our companies drove off the Jap
anese and reoccupied the position.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 13.— General
Stoessel, commander of the Russian
troops at Port Arthur, telegraphs that
the Russians recently recaptured Signal
Hill. He adds that the Japanese are
bombarding the interior of the fortress
with new batteries and that the bom
bardment is becoming more and more
violent. General* Stoessel's report to
the Emperor, which fs dated October 5,
is as follows:
Continued From Page l f Column 7.
Struggle Between Oyama
and Kuropatkiii, the Dip
lomat Asserts, Will Be Bar
ren of Decisive Results
Quickfiring Guns, Submarine
Mines and Superior Fuses
Carry Destruction to the
Foe's Armies and Warships
In Terrific Fighting and Ex
•tent of Losses Mukden Bat
tle is the Greatest in His
tory of Modern Warfare
Cannonade Increases in Vio
lence Each Day and Japa
nese 'Are Bringing New
Batteries to Bear on Works
SHIMOSE POWDER
DEADLY EXPLOSIVE
ENORMOUS NUMBER
OF MEN ENGAGED
POM 1 ARTHUR'S FALL
TO BE THE SIGNAL
BOTH SIDES USE
HAND GRENADES
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 14. 1:50 a.
m. — Desperate fighting and losses on
both sides, with varying success for
the Russians— euch is the summing up
of the situation by General Kuropat
kin in a telegram filed on October 13.
Theie is no sign of the battle slacken
ing- On the contrary. General Kurb
ratkin telegraphs that he has ordered
the army to resume the fight with un
abated vigor to-day. General Kuro
1'i.tkin himself is in the thickest of the
fighting, and General Sakharoff, his
chief cf staff, is personally directing
reconnolEsar.ces. The conflict has been
ltiost desperate at the center and on
ihe west fiank. The advance guards at
these points had to be repeatedly re
inforced, owing to the great pressure
t-i the Japanese attacks. At night
fall on October 12 the Russian right
was withdrawn from its main position,
but one of the abandoned positions was
retaken at the point of the bayonet
during the night.
Contrary to Field Marshal Oyama's
report no indication is given in Gener
al Kuropatkin's telegram of an envel
oping movement by General Oku. The
only positions captured by force were
at the center, where the Russians
were compelled to retire during the
afternoon. There is no mention of
the loss of guns. The War Office de
clines to deny that there was such a
less, but explains that such an incident
was quite possible while positions were
According to the latest news of the
fighting in the direction of .Benshiu the
Russians were striving ror the posses
sion of a pass, but no news was re
ceived from there yesterday. The pass
alluded to presumably is the Hu Pass,
which is mentioned in General Sakhar
off's telegram 'Of October 11. Hu Pass
is eight miles due. north of Benshui.
Should this pass fall into the hands of
the Russians it would involve the cap
ture of Benshiu, thus opening the road
to . L>iaoyang.
According to the belief of the general
staff General RennenkampfC has not
penetrated as far as the Taitse River,
but he is co-operating in the attempt
to capture Benshlu.
In the midst of anxiety and suspense
involved !n the great fight, south of
Mukden comes also the first word in
many days from the gallant defenders
of Port Arthur. While General Stoes
sel's report of the condition .of affairs
at Port Arthur is no later than October
1, it shows that the garrison at that
time was in unimpaired spirits, mak
ing a heroic defense against a series of
the most bitter assaults in all the his-
According to . telegrams from Rus
sian correspondents the horrors of the.
battle were intensified, by .bitter, cold
and rain.
General Mistchenko, who had been
reported to be raiding in Korea, played
a conspicuous part in the fighting on
the Russian left flank.
changing hands, but that, even If it
Is true, it is of no material conse
quence.
Genius oiNippon's Inventors
Contributes Toward the
Mikado's Success in the
Grim Conflict With Kussia
Japanese Minister to London
Says Neutral Powers Must
Inevitably Interfere to
End the Bar Eastern War
Oallant Stoessel Keports
That the Besiegers 1 Shells
Now Keach the Interior
of the Main Defenses
Kuropatkin's Determined
Attempt to Capture Key
to the Japanese Position
'Proves Futile Thus Tar
tory of Blegres. The closeness of the
righting and the deadly character of the
attacks and counter attacks are shown
by the fact that both sides are using
hand grenades, and that the Japanese,
after a bloody capture of the important
Signal station Hill, were unable to hold
the position in the race of the flre from
the fortress.
The. repeated failure of the Japanese,
to hold a_ footing once gainf d in the
circle of Inner forts is received here
with much satisfaction, as indicating
the skill with which the defenses of
the port were "constructed, the main
line of forts supporting one another
so as to render any one position almost
certainly untenable, even if tempo
rarily captured by an enemy. But the
reckless ferocity of the assaults by an
overwhelming force of Japanese seems
to make it certain that Port Arthur can
be held only by an immense expenditure
of ammunition, and it is becoming a
serious question with the authorities
how long even the great supply known
to exist in the fortress can last in the
face cf the Japanese attack.
The most serious feature of General
Stoessel's report, from a strategical
point of view, is the fact that the
Japanese have got a mortar battery in
position to bear on the inner fortress.
Emperor Nicholas held a council of
war to-day, at which, it Is believed, the
appointment of General Kuropatkln to»
the post of commander in chief of the
forces in Manchm-ia was decided upon.
The Baltic squadron will leave Llbau
to-night for a short cruise.
Czar's War Chief Orders Stubborn Defense ,
of His Remaining Positions and His Report
Conveys No Intimation of Sweeping Defeat
ISSUE STILL IN DOUBT
NEW ENGINES
OF WAR USED
BY JAPANESE
BEMSHIU HILL
IS THE CENTER
OF CONFLICT
PORT ARTHUR
FORTRESS IS
BOMBARDED
INTERVENTION
IS HINTED AT
BY HAYA5HE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1904.
RUSSIANS DENY FOES CLAIM OF VICTORY
\Var~_Ne\vs Continued ! on . Page) 5.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 13.— Governor
J*ardee .to-day received a .. telegram
from the California Commission at the
St. 'V Louis'^ Exposition, which speaks
well ; for? the California international
exhibit*' in St.' Louis. The dispatch
¦sa^s thai thlB got a number of
awards, among: which were fifteen gold
medals, twelve silver medals and three
bronze medaUftHSBSSHi
State Exhibit at St. Louis Exposi tlon
Carries Off Many. Awards. .-
CAIJFORNIA WINS MEDALS.
2
ADVERnsrotENTS. _• v
• Off On Your Travels?
<T, Well, goodbye. A pleasant journey and
a safe return — *
CL Hold on a minute, tho' — are you all
packed up? Got everything you need for
the trip — trunks, valises, dressing cases,
steamer rug and soon?
C. Haven't, eh ? Then you'd better step
into our* new Trunk and Leather Goods
,Annex for a few minutes and take sweet
counsel with the man in charge: — ¦
C You'll find everything you THINK
you'd need — and a host ofthings that you
DO need— although not conscious of them
now—
: <£ Mark Cross & Co.'s leather goods, for
instance^traveling rolls, "carry-alls," writ-
ing portfolios, jewel cases and every descrip-
tion of travelers' requisites — and—
C But here— this little ad isn't a catalog-
it's simply a suggestion to prevent you from
unwittingly spoiling your, trip thro' a lack of*
"something needed." ,. ..
ROOS BROS.
Kearny at Post
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
H igh-Grade C I o't h i'e r s
No Branch Stores, i Ho Agents. '
CORRECT DRESSERS KNOW
HOW SMART. CLOTHES
SHOULD BE TAILORED
TO RETAIN THEIR SHAPE.
THE ART OF KNOWING HOW
AND EXPERT EXPERIENCE
MAKE OURS SO SMART.
K^e-a r n y S tre et
T<h u r ibwBIo'cJj
FREE —-FREE — TFREE.
LUNCH— DINNER— TEAT
— CREPEVPAPER-rr^—
— — SETS
Consisting of ,''.',
TABLE CLOTH.
13 NAPKINS,
iajDOILIES.
As a Table Ornament Nothing
Could Be More Desirable i f.
\, or Serviceable.
A SET FREE
WITH? WANT ADS.
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
« See ; announcement on classi-
fied-page. • . , •-;•> ,." ".'•>• -* <"-V;AUBURN. Oct. 13.— The Republi
cans of Placer County opened their
campaign at Auburn to-night with a
good sized meeting in the Opera-house.
Congressman J. N. Gillett ./"was the
principal speaker and reviewed his
stewardship in the nation's Congress.
The other speakers were Attorney
General Webb and ; Hon. 1 . Jbhjn '_;•'.. B.
Irish of Sierra, the latter; being; the
Republican nominee or the State Sen'-"
ate. in the -Third District, comprising
the counties of Placer,' Nevada, Sierra
and' Plumas. . j
Gillett in Placer County.
Judge 3Iaguire Speaks at Salinas.
SALJNAS, Oct. 13. — Judge James
G. Maguire addressed a medium sized
audience at the pavilion to-night. His
speech was the usual Democratic de
nunciation of the Republican admin
istration. •
WHEELING, W. Va., Oct. 13. — Da
vid B. Hill Injected a new argument
into the Democratic campaign here to
night — a condemnation of "Govern
ment by injunction" and the demand
for a law granting a jury trial to per
sons held in contempt of court for the
violation of a restraining order of a
Federal Judge. The Democratic na
tional platform sustains this position,
although in guarded terms.
Wheeling was selected by the New
York politician as the place to em-
HILL TRIES NEW ARGUMENT.
Makes "Government by Injunction" an
Issne of Campaign.
Not Enough Voters to Fill Offices.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 13. — It has been
discovered that there are six precincts
in this county with not enough vot
ers in them to fill the offices on the
Election Board. In one precinct there
are but two voters. Both men are
Republicans and one has been named
as judge and the other as inspector.
One precinct had no voters registered,
hence will have no election.
SOUTH PARK SETTLEMENT LECTURE.—
A stereopticon lecture on London life will be
given to-nieht before the South Park settle
ment, at 86 South Park, by Mrs. K. E. Whlt
aker. : , ¦¦'. . .
Bell Addresses San Rafael Democrats.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 13. — The Demo
crats of Marin County held a mass
meeting here to-night and were ad
dressed by Theodore Bell. Democratic
nominee for Congress from the Sec
ond District. A fair-sized crowd was
on hand to welcome the candidate.
Bell discussed the national issues of
the campaign and was frequently ap
plauded. Joseph Silva of Napa also ad
dressed the meeting.
Louis Ferarl, Democratic candidate
for Justice of the Peace, filed a petition
with the Supreme Court yesterday
asking that the Election Commission be
directed to place his name on the offi
cial ballot. The office which Ferarl
seeks is held at present by Justice of
the Peace Golden. It is claimed by the
Democrats that Golden's term expires
this year. The official himself thinks
otherwise, and the matter will have to
be settled by the courts. Ferari's argu
ment is that his name should be voted
upon, and then there will be plenty of
time for the courts to pass upon the
merits of the dispute. The Election
Commissioners have refused to listen
to his plea, and therefore he has ap
pealed to the Supreme- Court. No de
cision was rendered yesterday. The
court will either set a day for hearing
the arguments of contestants or deny
the petition absolutely.
The looked-for petition for a writ of
mandate to compel the Election Com
mision to place the twenty-two" pro
posed amendments to the charter on the
ballot, they having, been rejected by the
commission, did not materialize. It is
probable that the proponents of the
proposed- amendments became discour
aged at the action of the Election Com
mission and decided to abandon their
fight for the present.
FERARI FILES PETITION.
Democratic Congressional candidates
Livernash and Wynn will speak- at the
Alhambra to-night at a meeting to be
held under the auspices of the Iroquois
Club. Livernash has been doing most
of his talking at outdoor meetings, and
this will be his supreme effort of th£
campaign. Wynn. who is not noted as
an orator, will not be particularly con
spicuous during the evening, but he
will hold the center of the stage, no
doubt, so long as he deems it expedient.
Bonfires and a band in front of the
theater in the early part of the evening
will herald the coming of the Congres
sional candidates, and a musical pro
gramme, including songs by prominent
vocalists, will be a feature of the even-
Ing. A big crowd of voters is expected
to attend the meeting and see the cam
paign inaugurated. From to-morrow
night on the Republican candidates for
Congress will prosecute their campaign
with vigor, with every prospect of.suc
cess at the polls.
cure legislation which will give the
veterans the right to manage their own
affairs so far as pensions are con
cerned. He will go to Congress as the
representative of the people of the dis
trict. Democratic attorneys with spe
cial interests to serve cannot be trust
ed to legislate for the public.
The Republican Congressional cam
paign in San Francisco will open to
morrow night at the Alhambra Theater
with true Republican enthusiasm.
Julius Kahn and E. A. Hayes, candi
dates for Congress in. the Fourth and
Fifth districts, respectively, will deliver
the principal addresses of the evening,
though other well-known speakers will
analyze the issues of the campaign.
Through inexperience"or blundering
stupidity he inserted in the amendment
abolishing the canteen the provisions
that apply to the old regular army
Soldiers' Home at Washington, D. C,
and not the provisions relating to the
government of National Homes for
Disabled Volunteers. The law as
amended by Bell deprives the veteran
of his rig«t v to demand his pension.
The national homes are entitled to
maintain canteens. The State homes
are not so favored. In the old regular
army home at Washington the veteran
is classed as an "inmate" who must
\>e treated like a child. In the nation
al home the veteran is a "member"
with all the rights and privileges at
taching to American citizenship.
Duncan E. McKinlay, who will be
elected 'to represent the Second Dis
trict in Congress, will be able to se-
For a long time Bell has been hostile
to the management of the home. His
canteen amendment was a measure of
spite. He said on the floor of the
House, as reported In the Congressional
Record, that the California manage
ment took the pension money from the
veterans and gave them canteen checks.
Congressmen from other States said
this was a shame and told Bell that
he ought to be ashamed to represent
a State that allowed such transactions.
The truth is that of $75,000 of pension
moneys handled by the treasurer, more
than $70,000 has been paid back in ac
tual cash to the veterans. Bell misled
his fellow members In the House. Such
deception called forth a defamation of
his own State. The Congressional Rec
ord contains his exact language and
the books of the treasurer contain the
exact figures- He cannot escape the
record.
Bell got $150 from this estate under al
lowance of the court.
The board has seen fit from time to
time to refuse to give information con
cerning the amount fleposited to- the
credit o? each living veteran. Not long
since an old soldier received $1200 from
the settlement of an estate in Iowa.
The sharks on the outside knew that
he was expecting the money and as
soon as he received it they persuaded
him to demand his discharge from the
home. He went away from his com
rades. His new friends on the outside
put him in a room over a Yountville
saloon and sent to Sacramento for a
lewd woman to keep him company. His
$1200 was soon spent and when his
money was gone he was kicked out
doors into the back yard, where he lay
sick, miserable and helpless until some
one sent a conveyance and had him
hauled to the steps of the comman
dant's office at the home. It is fair to
the Napa lawyers to note that they
had nothing to do with the last men
tioned case.
BELL IS HOSTILE.
Borne of the veterans dwelling at the
home have saved from their pensions
considerable sums of money. Small
lawyers on the outside view with ten
der solicitude any old soldier who has
Baved a sum exceeding $100. If the
amount saved happens -te> approximate
$1000 measures are taken to declare the
veteran incompetent. For example.
Thomas McDonnell, who had lived at
the home in peace and comfort for
fourteen years, was found to be the
possessor of $1800. the sum of $1000 be
ing to his credit with the treasurer.
The law firm of Bell, York & Bell took
great interest in the case and handled
the petition to have the old veteran
declared incompetent and a guardian
appointed for him. McDonnell was
taken from the home. Shortly after he
left the institution he died and his es
tate was recently distributed accord
ing to i will which was dated. and
Tritcessed about the time* the court de-'
dared him incompetent BelL York &
Bell began his campaign for re-elec
tion by reviling the management of the
Soldiers' Home, hoping to create a side
issue and divert attention to the fact
that he was the candidate of the party
which declared protection to be rob
bery. The Republican State Central
Committee was wise and accordingly
forced Bell to stand in the open as the
nominee of the Democratic party. For
months no attention was paid to side
Issues, but since the Sacramento Bee
has descended to the desecration of the
dead to help the Democratic nominee
the committee holds that some facts of
general interest apart from strict party
lines should be stated.
The Bee, stinging itself In its mad
rage, calls for something more elab
orate and conclusive from the letters
of the stalwart Republican secretary.
The Call to-day presents the complete
text of a letter from the late Walter
S. Melick to General John F. Sheehan,
secretary of the board of directors of
the Veterans' Home, wnlch letter con
tains clear and ample proof that will
convince every fair minded voter in
the Second Congressional District that
the Bee in May last ws.s engaged in
a campaign of calumny to boost BelL
"'I know you, personally, will not hold
me responsible for the statements that
are printed in the Bee. but I write you
to aEk the other members of the board
"xv ho may think that I inspired such
statements, to withhold criticism.
When opportunity incidentally offers
¦will you kindly speak to General Back
us, General Stone and any others who
might possibly think I made any such
statements reflecting upon the institu
tion."
ANOTHER LETTER.
As Melick's voice was Etilled In death
the Bee no doubt supposed that the
dead could be misrepresented to malign
the living and no exposure would fol
low. Happily the Btalwart Republican
secretary of the State Board of Ex
aminers recorded his impressions of
the Bee the day after that paper, in
the interest of Bell, sought to misrep
resent the management of the home.
On May 3 Melick, in a letter to one di
rector, wrote:
On the day that Walter S. Melick
died the Sacramento Bee, hoping to ad
vance the political fortunes of Theo
dore Bell, Deinocatic nominee for Con
gress in the Second District, published
the following: "Walter S. Melick, that
stalwart Republican secretary of the
State Board of Examiners, "stated to
the Bee on May last that the board
of directors had been extravagantly
irismar.asing the Yountville Home."
MODESTO, Oct. 13.— The Republicans
of this vicinity held, a rally here to
night. -Bonfires, a brass band and the
booming of cannon marked the first
Republican demonstration of the cam
paign in this county. Hon. I. A. Simons
of New York and Colonel T. V. Eddy
of San Francisco were the speakers of
the evening and the large Armory
Hall was crowded to its utmost.
Modesto Republicans Hold Rally.
FAC SIMILE OF LETTER WRITTEN BY THE LATE SECRETARY OF STATE BOARD OF EXAMINERS TO GENERAL. JOHV F I
SHKEHAN. SECRETARY OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. VETERANS' HOME. WHICH CLEARLY EXPOSES FALSE* AT- «
TITUDE OF BELL'S CHIEF SUPPORTER IN SACRAAIENTO. . j
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Oct. 13.— A
great crowd greeted William J. Bry
an at the political meeting In Prin
cess' Rink to-night, which concluded
the second'day of {he speaker's tour of
Indiana.
An hour before the torchlight pro
cession, which escorted the speaker
and his party to the hall, arrived the
doors were closed, so great was the
pressure for admittance.
Bryan's argument followed closely
the addresses which he has delivered
since the tour began.
Large Gathering: of Hoosier Voters
Hears the Nebraskan.
BRYAN IN FORT WAYNE.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 13.— Duncan E.
McKinlay, Republican Congressional
candidate from this district, returned
to Sacramento County to-day after
several days of successful campaigning
in Glenn County.
He delivered an address to-night at
an enthusiastic Republican rally at
Oak Park, Sacramento's populous sub
urb, and was loudly'cheered. Congress
man James McLachlan, who has been
campaigning in the Sixth District, also
spoke and made a telling appeal to the
voters to send McKinlay to Congress.
McK Inlay Speaks at Oak Park.
"The Republican party states with
out hesitation that the Filipino peo
ple are not now fitted for self-govern
ment and that they are not likely to
be fitted for a generation or more.**
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. — Many prom
inent Republicans were present to
night at the ratification meeting and *
reception tendered by the Union
League Club to Lieutenant Governor
Hlggins, Republican 1 * candidate for
Governor, and his associates. Corne
lius N. Bliss, president of the club and
treasurer of the National Republican
Committee, presided at the meeting.
Secretary of War Taft, the principal
speaker, devoted a large part of his
•address to the Philippine question,
saying:
Says Filipinos Will Not Be Ready for
Independence for Many Years.
PLAIX TALK BY TAFT.
The Election Commission yesterday
sent citations to S. G. Murphy, Sig
Greenbaum and I.. Ackerman to ap
pear at its meeting next Tuesday night
and show cause why they should not
serve as election officers in their re
spective precincts. Murphy had al
ready produced a doctor's certificate
that he tr in ill-health and not able to
serve, but the commission takes the
ground that he may be well on elec
tion day. No replies have been re
ceived from Greenbaum and Acker
man to the notifications of their ap
pointment.
Must Explain to Election Board.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. — Charlea
Murphy, leader of Tammany Hall,
said to-day he had sent notices to the
fifty or more candidates on the county
Democratic ticket, requesting them to
decline Indorsement by any party
other than their own.
"Democrats must be Democrats and
nothing else," said Murphy. "I am
willing to have the People's party or
any other indorse Judge Parker, but
for the minor officers, such as Assem
blymen, Congressmen, Senators, etc.,
it would not do. It would, in a way.
set them above the Presidency and it
is in the interest of Judge Parker and
his campaign that this stand has been
taken and the order issued."
At the headquarters of the Peo
ple's party in the Hoffman House to
night the statement was made that
petitions for the nomination of
Hearst, Towne. Sulzer and Baker
were being circulated and the nomina
tions would be filed with the Board of
Elections.
Tammany Nominees Forbidden to Ac
cept Outside Indorsement.
JTST PLAIN* DEMOCRATS.
Ratification of the candidates of the
Labor Union party was the object of
the meeting held by the members of
the various labor organizations of the
city last evening at the Alhambra.
Mayor Eugene Schmitz, E. J. Liver
nash and the inevitable James Gal
lagher were among those who were
listed to speak on the subject of the
good that unions do, but there was a
breaking away from the schedule that
caused a deal of turmoil and consider
able woe when Livernash forgot that
he was at a union meeting and
began to talk promiscuous politics.
Livernash referred to President
Roosevelt as the man wjth "the clank
ing sword and the jingling spurs" and
seemed to be of the opinion that the
shadows of San Juan Hill had no being
in the campaign. He drifted from labor
to the "common people" and, finally,
to naval guns and how well they could
be made in naval gun factories.
But there was here a rub more than
Hamlet ever figured on. Mayor
Schmitz, who was popping with politi
cal enthusiasm, and James Gallagher,
who was as filled with indignation as
a seltzer bottle is filled with carbonic
acid gas, were there with a stream at
adverse opinion as to the nation's chief
executive that, when injected into the
astonished audience, made things fairly
bubble.
Thomas Egan, chairman of the coun
ty committee of the Union Labor party,
opened the meeting with well chosen
and well received, remarks. He said it
was a gathering of union labor men
and had no party significance so far
as the national administration contest
Is concerned. He then Introduced Mr.
"Williams, Union Labor candidate for
Congress. "Williams spoke of "equal
rights for all and special privileges for
none." After his talk, Livernash was
introduced and received applause. He
said that he would tell of his personal
experience In Congress and what he
had done for labors He told of the
work of the American Federation of
Labor and spoke of the efforts of Sam
uel Gompers in the interest of labor
legislation. Next he told of the man
ner of the Federal Government and the
decline of simplicity in the White
House and gave an account of the
President and the lives of his principal
chiefs, ending this particular subject
with an overhauling of the officials in
Washington in general. .
After Mr. Livernash had been seated
Mayor Schmitz arose to explain that
the meeting was not one for the dis
cussion of national issues. He said he
had understood that^ the occasion was
not for the deciding of who was the
better candidate for President, the
Democrat or the Republican. He
wished it understood clearly that he
was not in sympathy with a Demo
cratic meeting.
"I am for Theodore Roosevelt for
President," he added, "so far as I am
personally concerned."
Judge Murasky, candidate for Supe
rior Judge, was introduced and made a
short talk on unionism and politics,
after which James Gallagher • arose
and reminded those present that the
Union Labor party's platform Is in
favor of no particular administration,
creed or faction.
"Why cannot we stand on this plat
form?" asked Mr. Gallagher.
"One speaker has referred to the
'clanking sword and jingling spurs/
and I cannot stand for this. "We want
to go before the country as a free peo
ple."
Mayor Schmitz closed the meeting
by saying that never before had the
opportunity been presented, except
through the Union Labor party, for
men of all parties to meet and speak in
a common cause from the same plat
form, and he was sorry that anything
had occurred to disturb. the peaceful
equilibrium of this peculiarly interest
ing social condition.
It might incidentally be remarked,
by way of a finale, that during Mr.
"Williams' and the Mayor's remarks
certain reflections were made upon the
candidacy of Mr. Wynn for Congress
in the Fifth District. Mr. "Williams al
leged that Mr. Wynn had on a certain
occasion betrayed the Union Labor
party, and that he had done so with
a view to supporting Franklin K^ Lane
and subsequently getting the nomina
tion from the Democrats at this year's
convention.
Senator Fairbanks was followed by
Speaker Cannon. Cannon compared
the conditions existing under a Repub
lican administration with those which
existed during President Cleveland's
administration, and said that all he
asked for was that the people choose
for themselves and it was easy to
prophesy what the result would be.
Our opponents say that the money question
has b«en Irrevocably settled. This is not ex
actly the fact, as Congress may reverse and
undo it to-morrow if it sees fit. but such a
thing will never happen as long as the Re
publican party Is In power. To insure the
fixture of the money question it U necessary
for the Republican party to have a majority
in Congress, and this fact should not be lost
sight of during the campaign, . .
From my observations during my trip to the
Pacific Coast I can assure you In, good faith
that If the conditions throughout the West
can bo taken as a criterion of the sentiment
throughout the country, then the Republican
party will record a greater victory this year
than it did four years ago. But the people
must not become apathetic. To avoid a repeti
tion of the conditions which existed during
the four years between 1892 and 1896. when the
United States, under the administration of the
Democratic party, was plunged into almost
total demoralization, every loyal Republican
must stand by hla party this year and roll
up such a majority for the Republican prin
ciples in the Congressional districts that when
Congress opens for the next sesston such an
overwhelming Republican majority will be
found In their seats that it will be useless for
our opponents to endeavor to enact visionary
legislation.
Standing here to-night where William Me-
Klnley. our martyred President. onece ad
dressed you. the best greeting- I can extend
to you Is that Theodore Roosevelt, the leader
of the Republican party, to-day stands exactly
for the same principles as President MeKlnley.
and those principles will not be changed on*
lota when President Roosevelt Is returned to
the White House on November 8.
To add to the enthusiasm of the gath
ering Joseph G. Cannon. Speaker of
the House of Representatives, ad
dressed the audience in his character
istic manner.
Senator Fairbanks said in part:
CHICAGO. Oct. 13.— Completing a
day of speech-making throughout Illi
nois Charles W. Fairbanks, the Repub
lican candidate for Vice President, to
night addressed an audience that filled
the First Regiment Armory to over
flowing. This was the first time that
Senator Fairbanks has spoken here
since he received the nomination, and
so much enthusiasm was manifested by
his listeners that the meeting resem
bled to a great extent the vigorous
rallies of 1896 aftd 1900.
phasize and make a national issue of
this point because of its varied indus
tries eivinff employment to artisans of
many vocations and also because the
Injunction has been used here in la
bor disputes in a number of instances.
Another new point as a Democratic
argument was also made by Mr. Hill—
the election of United States Senators
by direct vote of the people.
Wheeling's reception to Davis and
party made it necessary to hold two
meetings to-night. A large circus tent
was not adequate to accommodate the
gathering and Carroll Club Hall was
hastily secured and as quickly filled,
leaving many persons still unable to
get in.
Candidate for Congress Surprise?
Meeting With Democratic
View of Roosevelt.
CHICAGO WELCOME
To Candidate Fairbanks
A RECORD-BREAKER
LIVERNASH JARS
MAYOR'S NERVES
RECORD OF LATE W. S. MELICK MISREPRESENTED
Campaign Calumny Clearly Refuted by Text
of Pointed Letter Now Reproduced.
DEPLORABLE EFFORTS TO BOLSTER UP FAILING FORTUNES OF BELL
THE- SAN FRANCISCO. CALL/ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 190£.
3
FREE - — FftEE FREE.
LUNCH— DINNER— TEA.
CREPE PAPER
SETS — .
Consisting of
TABLE CLOTH,
ia NAPKINS,
is DOILIES..
As a Table . Ornament Nothing
Could Be More Desirable/
v or Serviceable. .
A SET TREE
WITH WANT ADS.
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied page.
| ADVERTISEMENTS. /-.--•*£
• Jit Buy your Clothes jS^>
Jm".. From the Makers %Jgk
I*4ifc?^l||£ v, . ' - "»|;| at a saving of many a dollar in the course of a year.
t^^^^^^y^ :^^JI|.l^ It means you can get good wearing garments,
P^:^^^^^^^^^^^ \ can count on your money's worth in the particular *-'; :^^^^^§^^4?^:^ p;..
\ Suit y0U SeleC ' t ' In the ' collection are aI1 the latest
cuts, 'patterns and materials brought out this fall.
-^^^W *iPlM5 to £ et J ust tlle O vercoat ne w an ts for exactly what
Fartcy Vests * L35 I \\Xklrif\f\v fY\ Fall Hats $ 1 .95
Special for to-day and Saturday— fancy tSSfe •/%!* \fm 1 ¥ 1 i I '9 III' We do not make anywhere near the profit
vests of worsted wool and matelasse in black, V—^ / — "f f . - ;i V^-';T 1 " of exclusive dealers in hots; that's why we can
brown and navy with neat fijures; regular - ; ¦« . v A~— ... . ,~ % seOyou a $2.50 hat for $1.95. They come
$3.00 and. $2.50 yoluea fori$1.35. 740 Market Street t fo^aPjthc »rylfah soft and stiff shapes.: HEALDSBURG.v Octl'ia.^L^lly,', a'
trick horse; died 'here' to-day;- When
the^owner would f- go ' Into )V' "saloon "to
get;aVdrink •', he .would'" •remember
Lolly and give t him a bucket of -beer. 5
Many ;- times • b'othi" owner a'arid^bekst
fc a y? ljbeen seen w staggering -f together
clowxj^ the main streets of ; the', town.' .'¦,>;
Beer-Drinkihg korsc-Dles.
NAPA, Oct. "13.— A warrant was
sworn out for the arrest of John Gie
quel of v Calistogra this afternoon* by
Frank Drouet. ' Drouet was 'awarded
the custody of Glequel's minor daugh-:
tier' some' years ago, on account of Gie-"
quel's ill treatment of the" child; and
the father resented". thisi GIequel. : it is
alleged, recently told Officer Bd.'Pow
"er'ih Na pa that he" would kill Drouet
on sight* and .'then take his own, life.;-
Accused of Making Threats.
SONOMA. Oct. 13. — Grape growers
say . that the rain has done ! less dam- (
age to grapes than - they anticipated
with the total rainfall of 7.80 inches.'
The rainfall during the past storm wag
3.90 inches. During the interval be
tween the first and second rains about
one-third of the entire grape crop \vas
gathered. The other two-thirds l;is
more or less damaged, but the greater
part will be saved.
Damage Done to Crop -by Recent Rain
storm Is Much -Less Than • • i
¦ They Anticipated.
SONOMA GRAPE GROWERS
[, ?-- * WILL SUFFER SMALL I LOSS
WAEHIxfcjrON.. 11 Oct. 1J— The President".
yacht M«tSowfr li to be pla.c*d out of com
mlisslon eaon *n4 b«r officers «M(cned to the
netr battlrshlpa which soon win be ready for
service. : -.V».V.\ ;
Delegates Enjoy Outing and Dance.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 13.— The Su
preme Council of the W. P. E. C. re
convened this morning ' at Cockrane-
McNear Hall and took up the matter
of suggested changes In the by-laws.
President Jesse Woods, presided.
Owing to the continuance of the pleas
ant weather many of the delegates vis
ited Mount Tamalpais, San . Quentin
prison and other, points of interest. A
jousting contest took place in, the aft
ernoon at East Side Park and was en
joyed by a vast throng of peopled A
grand ball was given at Armory .Hall
this "evening. Jesse Woods, president
of the Supreme Council, and his wife
led the grand march. A feature of the
march was the formation of the let
ters W. P. E. C. by the members of the
council. 'ffiffiff^fiflwMBft
SAN JOSE. Oct. 13. — Bruce Tiege,
whose parents reside at 311% Octavia
street, San Francisco, was injured to
night, while attempting to ; board a
freight train in the broad gauge yards.
He was returning from! Salinas to his
home and had a ticket to this city.
While trying to Jump a freight" train
he missed his footing and was;dragged
along the track and badly hurt. His
condition is serious.
Bruce Tiegc Falls Wliile Trying to
Jump a Freight Train In the
Sun Jose Yards.
SAN sFRANCISCO; YOUTH
•i IS SEVERELY INJURED
Ross was serving eight years for^a
felony committed in Fresno.- He. has
relatives residing in Tacoma.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 13.— A. R. Ross,
a convict, came in contact with a live
wire while painting the sash and blind
building at San Quentin prison to-day
and was instantly killed. Ross was
working on a scaffold and slipped. In
his endeavor to save himself from
falling he grasped a wire carrying
2000 volts, of electricity. He dan
gled in the air a minute and then
dropped to the ground. When picked
up he wag dead.
Convict Ross Grasps live Wire to Pre
vent Himself From Falling; and
Is Electrocuted.
SAN QUENTIN PRISONER
MEETS ACCIDENTAL DEATH
CHICAGO. Oct. 13. — Chicago is to
have the largest hotel in the world.
It will cost $10,000,000. be twenty-two
stories high and dwarf in size and mag.
nificence, it is promised, any structure
of the kind ever erected. The builders
and owners will be a syndicate of Chi
cago and Eastern capitalists, headed
by Otto Young.
The hotel will occupy property
measuring- 400 feet in length by 171
feet in depth on Michigan avenue, two
blocks south of the Auditorium. Steel
construction " will be used in building
the new hotel, which will be the high
est building in Chicago in point of
stories, with the exception of the Ma
sonic Temple. > ¦-.¦*'•<..
In Height and Will Cost
910,000,000.
Structure Will Be Twenty-Two Stories
LARGEST HOTEL IN WORLD
IS PLANNED FOR CHICAGO
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 13.— The City
Council last night granted a franchise
for a railroad through this city, to be
built east into Arizona, one of the
terms of the ordinance being ,the be
ginning of actual construction within
six months and completion by January
1. 1907. Mr. Richards, who obtained
the franchise, says his principals are
not connected with the Rock Island
road, . said to be \ headed toward this
city. The outside survey will be be
gun next week. ;• .
Company Secures Right of Way
Through San Diego City and Will
Build Into Arizona.
FRANCHISE IS GRANTED
FOR NEW RAILROAD LINE
The preliminary of
Charles Wyman, accused of ballot-box
r.tulfing. will be" resumed , hefore Police
Judge Cabaniss this -'afternoon. ' V. ¦/
The Grand Jury returned from Judge
Sloss' court to its room and took testi
mony in regard to complaints against
Mrs. McMurray. said to have been as
sociated with John McMillan in lodg
ing-house swindling, and concerning
the 1 charge Involving Notary Public
Burns.
Attention was then turned to the
Election Commission, and' when the
resolution had been passed the atmos
phere was too warm for further busi
ness. .
house vote. Lillenfeld had thought it
would be necessary to go over the case
again to make good the accusation
against the inspector, who was already
in prison under the drastic process of
the police and their detinue book.
The foreman returned to the Jury
room and then and there was more hot
talk. The rupture finally became wide
and deep and a dispostion not to
trifle asserted itself. It was decided
not to reopen the testimony, and be
fore the witnesses arrived the door
swung open and the Jurors were ready
to go before Judge Sloss, who was
holding court near by.
All came out with the exception of
O'Brien, Drucker and Welch. Lilien
feld remained at the door until the
eleven Jurors had emerged, and then
gaw the stern command to Bailiff
Hamiuto '-./.
Hamilton A. Dobbins:
"Keep those men in there; don't you
let them get away."
The policeman locked them In the
room and the three members of - the
Grand Jury were held prisoners.
Before Judge Sloss a roll call was
taken and only eleven jurors re
sponded.
"We have an indictment to present
that was regularly found on Tuesday
night," ' said Foreman Lilienfeld, "but
a minority of the Grand Jury now seek
to block out business and prevent its
presentation to court by refusing to at
tend its return. Under these circum
stances I ask that the court order the
attendance of the Jurors and have the
bailiff bring them in."
Judge Sloss complied with the re
quest at once and a deputy Sheriff a
few minutes later appeared with
Messrs. O'Brien, Drucker and Welch.
Meantime Grand Juror McLane had
arrived, so there were fifteen Grand
Jurors present, and the presentation of
the indictment .was made. /
On motion of Assistant District At
torney Weller bail was. fixed at $5000
bond or $2500 cash. The ' bench war
rant wis served on- Rebstock at the
prison last evening, but no h^Il was
lorthcoming and he ' remained In his
cell through the night.
Continued From Page, 1, Column 2.
Miller went to the home from Yerba
Buena Lodge No. 15 and was an old
resident of San Francisco. A. slate was
found in his room on which was writ
ten: "I can't stand this pain any
longer." Below this message was
scrawled: "My ills can't be mended,
but are easily ended, so here goes to
turn up my toes."
OROVILLE, Oct. 13. — Francis A.
Miller, an inmate of the Odd Fellows'
Home at Thermalito, committed sui
cide this morning by drowning himself
in a bath tub. Sickness prompted the
act.
Francis A. Miller Drowns Himself In a
Bath Tub at the Odd Fellows'
Home at Thermalito.
TACOMA, Oct. 13. — A local steve
doring firm has loaded the German
ship Peru with 124, 857- bushels of
wheat in seventeen hours, an average
of 7344 bushels per hour. It is con
sidered a record-breaker. The ship
is under charter and cleared to-day for
the United Kingdom.
Stevedores Do Some Lively Work.
ILLNESS DRIVES FORMER
SAN FRANCISCAN TO DEATH
Grand Jury Asks.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. — W. J.
Hine, once a real estate dealer in this
city, and Charles Craig, whose name
dees not appear in the directory, were
arrested to-day on a charge of coun
terfeiting.
For some time it has beeen known
to the United States officials that con
siderable spurious coin was. being
floated in this section, principally at
the sea coast towns, and presumably
by some person living in this city. In
the house of W. J. Hlne, 3901 Wall
street, the officers found a valise filled
with all sorts of paraphernalia for the
production of counterfeit dollars, half
dollars, quarters and dimes, together
with a quantity of unfinished coins.
Former Real Estate Dealer of Los An
ffrfes and a Companion Must
Answer Serious Charge.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13. — George J.
Essie, the complaining witness in the
extortion charge against Philip Weln
seimer in the trial before Judge New
burger, is protected to-night by a
guard of detectives. Fearful that an
attack would be made on the man
who testified against Weinseimer and
is responsible for the labor leader's
arrest. District Attorney Jerome had
three detectives accompany him to
night to his home. These men will
remain there and will go with the con
tractor to the criminal court building
when be attends the trial to-morrow
morning.
That Essig had been threatened
with irjury and was bodily assaulted
became known. Essig said that short
ly after Weinseimer's Indictment in
August he received threatening letters
and that since his testimony of yes
terday against Weinseimer more let
ters have been received. About three
weeks ago he was assaulted by three
strange men near his house, beaten
on the head and seriously injured.
tortion Charge.
Detectives Guard Man Who Cansed
the Arrot of Leader on Ex-
WITNESS IN UNION CASE
UNDER CARE OF POLICE
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 13.— At
to-day's meeting of the Pacific Coast
Association of Fire Chiefs, a paper by
Inspector McDavitt of Philadelphia
Board of Fire Underwriters on the ex
plosive power of celluloid was heard.
A discussion followed on dangerous
combustibles in common use, with side
lights on recent conflagrations. This
afternoon the visitors were taken by
steamer up Burrard Inlet
Fire Chiefs Discuss Explosives.
ALLEGED COUNTERFEITERS '
ARE PLACED UNDER ARREST
Just as she looked at the engine she
saw the pilot strike her baby daugh
ter, seventeen months old, and hurl it
into the ditch beside the track, dead.
The child was playing between the
ends of two ties, and the engineer
mistook it for a piece of white pa
per until too late to stop his train.
The Coroner's jury exonerated the
engineer.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. — Mrs. S.
Y^Rpb^er^s^n, living a few miles north
of "this "city, "stepped to her front door
to-day to see the Santa Barbara- Los
Angeles train rush by, and the sight
that met her graze shocked her so that
fatal results are. feared.
Engineer Mistakes Little Tot for a
Bit of Paper Until Too Late to
Stop Train.
MOTHER SEES HER BABE *¦
KILLED BY A LOCOMOTIVE
Judge Daniells Gives Judgment to the
Plaintiff, Who Said There Was
Xo Fiffht.
Justice of the Peace Daniells yes
terday gave judgment in favor of Ed
ward Logue against Edward Rodgers
for $250 for bodily injuries. The tes
timony disclosed that Logue, who is a
hay and coal dealer, went" into Rod
gers' saloon at Ocean View and the
two had a dispute over a bill for hay
furnished to Rodgers.
"I was telling Rodgers about the
delivery of the hay," Logue testified,
"and he gave me a blow that put me
out of business." .
"Ah," said Rodgers' attorney, "and
then the fight began?"
"There was no fight," Logue testi
fied. "He only hit me in the jaw."
Judge Daniells also gave Judgment
in favor of Mrs. A. T. Moore, propri
etor of a hotel at Belvedere, who was
sued by Miss V. Davis, her former
housekeeper, for $170 25 for back
services. Daniells ruled that the
plaintiff had three or four setlements
with Mrs. Moore and no money waa
coming to her.
POISONED BT MISTAKE.— Naotaro Naka
da, a Japanese farm hand, died last Wednes
day at Dr. Matsusaki'a hospital, 505 Dupont
street. Tha attending physician told th« Coro
ner that NaJcada took poison by mistake for
medicine.
Counterfeiters Sentenced.
United States District Judge de Ha
ven yesterday sentenced John D.
Tompkins to imprisonment at hard la
bor in the State penitentiary at San
Quentin for* seven years and to pay a
fine of $100. Tompkins was convicted
of passing genuine $1 silver certifi
cates which had been raised to $10
by pasting on them letters and figures
cut from internal revenue stamps.
William O'Brien, convicted on a sim
ilar charge, was sentenced to five
years' imprisonment at hard labor in
the State penitentiary at Folaorn and
to pay a fine of $100.
More Chinese Arrive.
One hundred and forty Chinese ar
rived from the Orient yesterday on
the steamship China. Forty-six of
them are consigned to the St. Louis
Fair. The party includes three women,
two of whom are 18 and 22 years old
respectively and claim to be natives
of the United States. The third says
she is the wife of a merchant resid
ing here and is accompanied by her
two little boys. On Sho Tchun, a
member of the Chinese legation at
Washington, was landed without for
mality by order of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
SALT LAKE CITY, Oct. 13. — A
stretch of eighty miles is all that in
tervenes now between the completion
of the San Pedro, Los Angeles and
Salt Lake road, which is to join Salt.
Lake City and Los Angeles, Cal.' Track
laying from Caliente, Nev., has now
reached the Vegas ranch in' Southern
Nevada, which is but' forty-seven miles
from the Calif ornia. line. The work'
from Daggett, Cal., is also being ac
tively pushed.
Part of the grading on the eighty
mile stretch is already completed, and
It is hoped to complete the compara
tively easy work now remaining by
the 1st of the year. By February *1,
it is believed through trains between
the two cities will be in operation.
Needed to Finish the
New Road.
Eighty 31 il««s of Track All That Are
SALT LAKE-LOS ANGELES
LINE NEAR COMPLEXION
MONTEREY, Oct. 13. — The Coalin
ga Oil and Transportation Company's
pipe line connecting the company's
oil lands in Fresno County with the
tide water at Monterey is completed
and service will begin on Monday
next. The line is 162 miles in length
and is equipped with four pumping
stations and a storage system con
sisting of five 55,000-barrel tanks at
New Monterey. The company is con
tracting to furnish fuel oil to local
consumers at one-half the regular
price.
Coalinga Company Completes Its Pipe
Line From Its Lands In Fresno
County to Monterey.
CONNECTS OIL LANDS
WITH THE TIDE WATER
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 13. — Insurance
Commissioner E. Myron Wolf to-day
filed his annual report for the year of
1903 with. Governor Pardee. The
report shows that 212 companies were
authorized to do business .during the
year. The amount of insurance writ
ten In 1903 exceeds that, of 1902 in
every branch except marine insurance,
which shows a decrease of $2,033,393.
The report says: "Although San Fran
cisco is a growing commercial center
the marine insurance has not increased
because many ships are insured else
where. In 1903, $652,928,503 fire in
surance was written, an increase of
$36,426,531 over the previous • year.
The increase in life Insurance amount
ed to $11,000,000." * '
Policies Written in 1903 Exceed Those
of 1002 in Every Branch Ex
cept Marine Risks.
IXSURAXCE COMMISSIONER
FILES ANNUAL REPORT
BLOW IX THE JAW COSTLY
FOR A SALOOX-KEEPER
HONOLULU, Oct. 7. — The oil steam
er Argyll has taken the first larg« I
shipment of island frogs to San Fran- i
Cisco. She carries no less than 100 •
dozen fat, green batrachians destined j
to soothe the demands of mainland j
gourmands with their tender hind !
"kickers." The frogs are held cap- J
tive in two large crates, the tops of
which are furnished with wire net- •
ting. They were delivered to Mons. •
Crison. the Argyll's cook, who j
takes charge of them until they reach j
San Francisco. j
Crison states that the demand for j
frogs has grown so great on the coast .
that the stock is not sufficient to sup- (
ply customers. For this reason he ;
came to the islands for an additional '
supply. '
rOOTHSOME DELICACIES
FOR GOURMANDS OF COAST
Steamer Leave* Honolulu With Two
Large Crates of Frogs for
San Franci*co.
HONOLULU, Oct. 7.— The Supreme
Court has decided the case of the
Territory against Benjamin Hayward
Wright, former chief clerk of the
Public Works Department, overruling
Wright's objections and remanding
the case to the Circuit Court for the
carrying: out of the sentence imposed
upon Wright for embezzlement of
public funds. Wright was imme
diately arrested when the decision was
handed down and will have to serve
the sentence of three years' hard labor
Imposed by Judge de Bolt.
Supreme Court of Hawaii Sustains
Ixnvcr Tribunal in the Wright
Case.
CROOKED OFFICIAL MUST
GO TO JAIL FOR CRIME
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 13.— Patrick
Hammer and Philip Walker, both
well-known ranchers of the Kern Val
ley, are in jail in this city charged by
the Coroner's jury with complicity in
the robbery and murder of William
Nichols, the old pioneer, who was
killed at Vaughn. Both men acknowl
edge that they came to the barn where
the crime occurred in company with
two Mexicans, and were in the neigh
borhood outside at the time the crime
was supposed to have been commit
ted and that they heard Nichols' com
panion, a watchman, named Gordon
shout for help and did not interfere.
They deny all actual part in the crime.
The Mexicans were arrested a few
days ago.
Coroner's Jury Accuses Them of Com
plicity in the Murder of an
Old Pioneer.
KERN VALLEY RANCHERS
FACE SERIOUS CHARGES
KALAMA. Wash., Oct. 13.— That M.
Kelley was never mistreated by white
caps, but was instead trying to impose
upon his fiancee and the public gener
ally, is the accusation of Sheriff Hunt
ington, who has returned after an in
vestigation of Kelley'6 story. The
Sheriff savs that the knots which had
bound Kelley to the tree for four days,
as he said, were tied so loosely that he
could have escaped at any time. Fur
thermore, Kelley outwalked his res
cers to Kelso and showed no signs of
a breakdown until after a hearty meal.
The Sheriff's explanation is that Kel
ley did not have sufficient money to be
married with in the style be wished,
and believed his sweetheart. Miss Lulu
Ward, would quickly marry him if her
sympathies were aroused. This was
true, for the girl obtained the license
herself. Though Kelley had been in the
woods four days, according to his story,
the Sheriff says his clothes were not
soiled.
The Archbishop of Canterbury and >
tarty left the city to-day on a spe- j
cial train for New York, from which j
port he will sail for home to-morrow.
The Duke of Newcastle, one of the
leaders of the High Church party in
England, arrived here to-day and it is
expected he will attend tome of the
sessions of the general convention.
BOSTON*. Oct. 13. — During a two
hours' debate on the divorce question
to-day by the House of Deputies of the
Episcopal General Convention, both '
sides appeared to be as far apart as •
they were yesterday and predictions
w6* freely made that no final action
would b<? taken at this time. Rev. ;
Dr. J. L*wis Parks of New York, in I
behalf of those who mad* the minor- -
ity report on the proposed divorce j
canon, withdrew their recommenda- ;
tion, but the withdrawal does not !
mean that there will be any let-up In
rh* fight against the proposal to pro- j
h-bit clergymen remarrying the inno- j
<?i-nt person in a divorce suit for in- j
fidelity while the former partner lives, j
The members of the minority consid- .
eied that the situation would be less i
complicated by the withdrawal of the
report. Among those who spoke in
opposition to the proposed amend- j
ment was A. H. Brown of San Fran- |
CISCO. ¦ .
Goldberg has been living in the
house for about five weeks. He says
his wife is In Seattle. He professes not
to know anything" about Stevens.
Policemen Pearl and Keohane arrtv*
ing, 'sent Goldberg to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where a wound on his
scalp and a cut on his hand were
stitched and dressed. A knife was found
at the foot of the lounge in Goldberg's
room and a black mask in the hallway
outside. Nothing was taken from Gold
berg, but he asserts that his assailant
attempted to steal his diamond stud.
Detective Coleman was detailed on
the case and he is satisfied that the
man known as Stevens committed the
assault upon Goldberg and had been
waiting for several days for the op
portunity. Stevens engaged a room
adjoining Goldberg's last Friday night-
He said he was a drummer for a dry
goods house In Portland. This is all
that is known 'about him. In his hurry
to escape he left his hat and rain coat
in his room. He is described as about
30 years of age, 5 feet 10 inches tall,
smooth face, dark complexion and wore
a dark sack suit.
Goldberg reached his room about 2:30
o'clock yesterday morning and while
he was in the act of striking a match
to light the gas some one said with an
oath, "I've got you now." Goldberg
received a violent blow on the head
from a blunt Instrument. This stun
ned him for an Instant, but he grap
pled with his assailant, who was arm
ed with a knife. Goldberg, during the
struggle, knocked the knife out of his
assailant's hand, cutting his own hand.
After a desperate fight Goldberg suc
ceeded in opening a window in the
rear. His cries for help alarmed the
desperado, who released his hold of
Goldberg, permitting him to step out
of the window to the roof of a kitchen,
where he was seen by Charles Wood,
the laniard. Wood ran back and on the
stairs met and grappled with a man
hurrying down. The man said, "If »
me, Stevens, I am going for a police
man, as there is a fight upstairs."
Wood released his hold and Stevens
disappeared and has not returned.
Joseph Goldberg, a cigar manufac
turer, had an exciting experience early
yesterday morning with a desperado in
his room on the second floor of a lodg
ing-house at 407 O'Farrell street.
Whether the attack upon Goldberg was
for the purpose of revenge or robbery
the police have not yet been able to
determine.
Special Dispatch to The Call
On reaching the end of his Journey,
completely exhausted and suffering ter
rible agony, Willard fainted. While
hunting Willard saw the bear in the
underbrush and fired a shot which
struck bruin on the right side of the
head and glanced off. This served to
infuriate the beast, which charged
Willard. When he attempted to throw
another cartridge into the chamber the
shell jammed and the next instant the
beast was upon him, striking him a
fearful blow in the chest, which knock
ed him flat. Willard was so dazed by
the blow that he can remember noth
ing only that he drew his revolver and
fired blindly at the bear as it came for
him the second time. The bullet sped
true, for when Willard regained con
sciousness the animal was dead.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 13.— With his
left leg and three ribs broken, besides
being terribly cut and bruised, as the
result of an encounter with a huge
brown bear, Frank Willard, a prospec
tor, who lives in a hut at the foot of
Mendenhall Glacier, about fifteen miles
north of Juneau, Alaska, dragged him
self fully ten miles over the roughest
kind of country, from the place where
he encountered the animal to the camp
of the Mansfield Mining Company on
McGInnis Creek.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
The negro was making good his es
cape when the policeman fired a shot
in the air and attracted the attention
of Corporal Jerry Dugan, who was on
his way to the station to report for
duty. Dugan. seeing the fleeing pris
oner coming his way, drew his revolver
and leveled it at the runaway and com
manded him to halt, which he did.
The prisoner was handcuffed and
taken back to the hospital to be Iden
tified. Gomez, who is suffering from
injuries of his head and a possible frac
ture of the skull, failed to identify
Stewart as his assailant.
Stewart was placed on the detinue
book. He will be held in custody until
he can clear himself of other charges
that are held against him.
George Stewart, a colored piano
player in the low dives of Pacific
street, made a bold but unsuccessful
attempt to gain his fredora while In
charge of a policeman yesterday.
Stewart was in the custody of Police
man Skain, who was taking him to the
Central Emergency Hospital to be iden
tified by Raymond Gomez, who had
been assaulted on Montgomery avenue
and Pacific street. The policeman was
passing along Larkin street, opposite
the City Hall, with his prisoner, when
the latter wrenched himself free from
his custodian.
An American officer named Mobley
has visited a number of militia of
ficers and offered 20 per cent more
than they would receive in the reg
ular army service. Captain William
Gould, Captain Smith and Major
Frank S. Baker are among those who
have been approached. It is reported
that Captain Smith will accept the
offer. Each man's salary will be
based upon the position he holds here.
What the higher officers will do if the
captains go to China is a question.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 13.— A great
effort Is being made, by the Chinese
Government to induce officers of the
Oregon Natibnal Guard to go to China
to drill Chinese troops. The high rec
ord recently made by the militia at
the field maneuvers has resulted in
the appearance of the recruiting agent
at Portland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BTOCKTON, Oct. 13.— Judge Smith
of the Superior Court of this county
gendered a decision to-day which is of
considerable importance to the people
of the State In general, as its effect
is to designate who shall have the
right to institute proceedings looking
to the condemnation of private prop
erty for public use.
F. J. Ryan, the Commissioner of
Public Works, recently brought suit
against I,ydia M. Sperry and others to
condemn a right of way for a divert
ing canal to carry off the flood waters
to the east of Stockton. The United
States Government had appropriated
a large sum of money for building the
canal, with the understanding that the
right of way should be furnished. The
last Legislature appropriated $60,000 to
buy the right of way, and deeds to all
but a small portion of the right have
been secured. Others declined to ac
cept the valuation placed upon their
holdings, hence the suit.
A demurrer was filed, in which the
contention was made that 'Commis
sioner Ryan was not the proper party
to bring the action, but the court held
that in view of the fact that the law
did not designate who might bring the
action public policy would be sub
served by designating that the Com
missioner had the right to thus .main
tain eminent domain. It is understood
that there will be no further technical
difficulties In the way of constructing
the canal, the amount of damages be
ing all there is for the courts to deter
mine.
Judge Rules That Public
Works 'Board Has Right to
Begin Condemnation Suit
Opponents of Proposed Re
vision of Church Laws and
Its Friends in Long Debate
Fires Blindly at the Beast
While on the Ground and
the Bullet Speeds True
ACCUSED- OF ASSAULT
Promises Twenty Per Cent
More Pay Than Given
in Regular Army Service
Claims Alleged Victim Con
cocted Yarn to Arouse Sym
pathies of His Sweetheart
Man Named Stevens, Who
Has D isa ppea red, Suspected
of Being the Assailant
Being, Taken to Hospital to
Be Identified When He
Tries, to Gain Liberty
REMOVES DIFFICULTIES
REPORT IS WITHDRAWN
FIERCE SET-TO ENSUES
RIDICULES THE STORY
BIG BEAR INJURES HIM
OFFEHS BIG SALARIES
Armed Desperado Makes an
Attack Upon Joseph Gold
berg as He Enters Koom
Episcopalian Divines Find
the Question of Divorce
a Hard Problem to Solve
Colored Man Escapes From a
Policeman,, but Is Cap
tured at Point of Gun
liecroitiiig Agent of Peking
Government Makes Over
tures to Oregon Militiamen
Sheriff Asserts That Wash
ington Man Was Mis
treated by "Whitecaps"
With Leg and Bibs Broken
He Drags Himself Fully
Ten Miles to Secure Aid
Decision of Importance Is
Rendered in Stockton, Di
verting Canal Litigation
FAIL TO AGREE
ON NEW CANON
MAKES BREAK
FOR FREEDOM
CHINA SEEKING
DRILL MASTERS
COURT UPHOLDS
COMMISSIONER
STRIKES BLOW
IN THE DARK
TERRIBLE TRIP
OF PROSPECTOR
SAYS KELLEY
IS ROMANCING
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY,/ OCTOBER 14,' 1904.
4
iCZEMA
sufferers, read what
Hydrozone
and GLYCOZONE btve done for a
celebrated journalist in en* week.
rnL Charles Mirduuul.
Dear Sir: Or.* week's trrittn cut with your Hyilro-
*onc and Gljrcecose not only relieved but absolnteljr
rooh-4 out a condition of eczema tliat has worried and
pcrplexeH as« fM the patties veais. Yours wrv truly,
Joseph Howard, Jr, ijo Ma**** St., N. Y.
Free trial bottles of Hydrozone and
Glycozone sent on receipt of 35c. to pay
expressage. These preparations are harrn-
lcs«,yet powerful jrermicidrs. used by lead-
in* physicians. Sold by best drufgutt.
61-0 Prince St.. New York.
SextforUnllrt horn to pretext and cure diseate.
A 1113 V'Vva vvUU
for two days will be sold for
Justtogetmothersacquainted . /^^|8^@^8^^^^
with our store — just to show :^^^^0S^^ff!^M9!A.
them what 'an immense stock -^ e^&^^^^^&^ >4^
we carry and at what low prices 'fipll^S^^^H
it is sold — we will sell these ftS^I^^^^
long overcoats for $2.95. l Slii^^^^
The garments are thirty-eight J \ £1 " ' •
inches long^ coming down to .//; \ j|| .;^S
the shoe tops. The colors are V j $ r?^ '\\- r " ;^^S
two pretty shades of oxford gray. j / ? \
' The sale will be for to-day W W^^R^I^^
and Saturday. Now's the ']J ''\"^^^^^
winter overcoat and save Jij V-L_J -fzz?!%zD#»£j&
money. The coats sell regu- :^Z^^^^r""" - £fe^=^ r -.
W*^^^yV!**y r\ % T V A lr\ r\ .*-_> "^ y*-^ Sp«c!-J for to-<hy and S«U
shape or style of hat he 93 BS H JT S f\ urilA y oM >" mc "'* '*ncy
1' They; are the, best values : • -.. • . x " - * »n«i navy; rr^u'ar S3 and
you ever saw for the money 749 Market* Street* 53.30 v« um for $1.33. ,LONDON, Oct. 14.— The London- pa
pers have to rely mainly upon official
reports *or. news from the Far East,
but the dispatches thus far received
regard a. complete Japanese victory as
sured. ; Says the Daily Telegraph: .
"General Kuropatkin has shot his
bolt. ,It seemed; to be speeding well to
ward the- mark, yet he has missed it
badly. 'He has suffered not merely a re
pulse, but a disastrous defeat, while
Japan's incomparable "soldiers, under
incomparable generals, have added
another glorious page to the chronicle
of war and proved that . Oyama Is still
Kuropatkin's master in every branch of
the art of war.""
The Daily Graphic describes. General
Kurcpatkin's . move as a Vsambler*s
throw,'* : and . considers that the - frank
bluntness of his "report to the Emperor
seems to speak the language of a man
whp has. done. his, best with : the bung
ling ' advice of some -superior, agency.
.The' Standard finds General Kuropat
kin's dispatch full .of tragic meaning,
¦while .the . Daily • News argues* that the
Russian dash: southward was prompted
by; a= desperate -desire to*, relieve Port
Arthur,; rather I than i to Viceroy Alex
left's Jmallgn : ; influence, the- end ¦ of
EXPECTS ROUT OF RUSSIANS.
Spencer Wilkinson, in the Morning
Post, discussing strategic possibilities,
thinks the issue will turn upon which
side shall first become exhausted by
the protracted operations.
which, in case of the fall of the fortress,
cannot be far distant.
was bright. Below us on every side
stretched the same clear fields, wrilch
bordered hills varying in size and. with
narrow passes. -> : '
"The Japanese made desperate efforts
to recover the hill held by .the Voron
ski regiment. -They threw a whole
brigade of infantry against it, support
ed by a, heavy fire from their batter
ies. - The . Voronski men gallantly held
the position. Our, batteries first replied
from the hilltops, but later went be
low. The Japanese, not perceiving the
change of position, j continued to . fire
on the old position all day. At
night we entrenched benlnd the hill.
The advance ¦ continued slowly and
steadily with repeated skirmishes- No
news has been received of the fight
ing on the left .flank."
'.'Meantime hard fighting was ¦;pro
ceeding: on the extreme east, where we
drove; back the Japanese step by step.
The troo?9 we met here were .evidently
a fresh importation and not those op
posed to. us at Liaoyang.
. "The; same day the Voronski regi
ment was .ordered .to occupy the hills
in^frontiof • Yentai. .. Tnis was accom
plished Having '; secured , a
commandlngTpdsitibn - they entrenched
under heavy- fire, driving back attack
after attack. ,, ¦;'.-: ;";
f.'The day . closed with - a heavy rain:
.The ¦ Japanese', retired along*, the. whole
Jitie, in some cases six- to twelve miles.
r "Yesterday," October 10, -we reached La
position '- In * the r hills « which • la'yj across
our «ljne> of v The Japanese
!v7ere;then : a'long distance; In front. The
weather ' had ; gol 'warmer, and :the \ sun
arrived from Russia had but one theme
— Port Arthur. 'We must get there in
time to deliver it' was heard on rvery
side. General Kuropatkin's order to ad
vance had caroused the greatest enthu
siasm everywhere.
: -"The advance was general along the
line on October 8. The day was wet
and foggy,-, and while this did not con
tribute to high soirits it served to im
pede, the -Japanese artillery fire, which,
as we approached their eastern posi
tion, was extremely indifferent. On the
west the Japanese slowly retreated be
fore us, .we In the advanced companies
keeping^in, close touch. This day Gen-:
eral Mistchenko had a brilliant engage
ment with the, Japanese, near Bentsia
putze. The Cossacks* batteries went in
at, a gallop, . firing and advancing to
fresh positions and repeating the.oper
ation until the Japanese abandoned the
hill ' positions' and fled In confusion.
Taking advantage of the confusion
caused 'by the artillery fire the
Verkhneudinski .Siberian regiment
rushed. the position, not giving the
Japanese even time to remove their
ammunition boxes. It is reported that
the Japanese lost -heavily." in 'this en
ccunter..'Be / ntslaputze was a magnifi
cent -position, held by a division of
Japanese/and strongly entrenched.
Teachers in Session nt Woodland.
WOODLAND. Oct. 13. — The ninth
onnual session of the Teachers* As
sociation of Northern California was
held in this city to-day. The features
of the session were addresses by Dr.
C. C. Van Lew, president of the Chi
co Normal School; Professor Max
Fairand of Stanford University, Pro
fppsor Frederic Burk. president of
the San Francisco Normal School.^nd
David Starr Jordan," president of Stan
ford University. • ,
Vote to Annex North Pasadena,
PASADENA. Oct. 13. — By. a com
fortable majority the voters of this
city to-day declared in favor of the
annexation of North Pasadena. The
new territory will make this city
about 50 per cent larger.
Body of Suicide Recovered.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 13.— News was
received here to-day of the recovery
of the body ef David Sacry/ a pioneer
merchant, who committed suicide ten
dcys ago by jumping from the ferry
beat Donahue into San Francisco bay.
Baby Drinks Concentrated Lye.
REDDING. Oct. 13.— Harold Whit
lock, aged sixteen months, drank con
centrated lye at Millvllle yesterday af
ternoon and fearfully burned his
mouth, tongue and throat.
Lady Curzon's Condition Grave.
WALMER. CASTLE. Kent, England, I
October 13. — Inquiries ; made,this af
ternoon show that there, is" a, renewal
of acute anxiety regarding: Lady- Cur
zon's condition. To-day's bulletin said
she passed a restless night and was
somewhat exhausted.'"- ,' - i
For an excellent .lunch, '.'table d'hote or/a U
carte,' with or without!wlne.^vUft-The*Clares
don Cafe, 543 Poet st., T opposite Olympic Club.*
J. G. LIGHT GIVES CONCERT.— J. G*'
Light gave a concert In the Auditorium of the I
Y. M. C. A. last evening and rendered several ¦
vocal selections. He received valuable aid I
from E. W; Schernsteln. who played cello solos
and from H. Seekamp, violinist. . '.
It Will Please Your Husband
If you order Leslie Sterilized Salt. For table,
kitchen or bath. A rait of merit. Shakes freely*
COOK GETS JUDGMENT.— Judge Dunn
yesterday gave judgment for $2.1 7U In favor of
Delia Burns, who sued Irvln J. Weil for
services -«3 cook In hlR household.- Well
claimed that Miss Burns left her ulace with
out cause, but she proved that more work was
required of her than h«r contract called for.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 13. — The
supposed disappearance of A. P.
Booth, a machinist, who was stopping
at the Hobbs House on Court street,
has been explained. Booth left the
city for Los Angeles October 3 under
the impression that a small boy to
whom he had Intrusted a message to
his landlady had faithfully . delivered
the same. He had paid trie boy 10
cents to run across one block from the
motor station to the Hobbs House,
but the boy forgot to carry, out his in
structions. Booth returned to the city
last night upon the early evening train
and then learned that he had been re
ported missing.
Fails' to Deliver Xote That . Would
Have Explained A. P. Booth's
Absence From Home.
CARELESS MESSENGER
BOY CAUSES TROUBLE
. GENERAL KUROPATKIN'S HEAD
QUARTERS, TUESDAY, Oct. 11.—
Nemirbvich Danchenko, the distin
guished Russian war correspondent,
telegraphs as follows:
"The third day of our advance broke
with a pelting rain and the temperature
close to the freezing point. Later in the
day the sky cleared and the sun re •
vealed" the ranks of our advance guard
extending as far as the eye could reach
east and west, while behind lay' close
columns of reserves. Every one was in
excellent spirits. The forward move
ment has out fresh fire into the men.
The' regiments that suffered so severely
at Llaoyang had been rejuvenated past
recognition, while the new troops that
Russians Victorious During Early
Stajrcs of the* Fighting.".'
Every Sunday ])tuiii£ October. ! $2
Hound Trl»>.
On the three remaining Sundays in October-
16th. 23d and 30th— the Southern Pacific will
run excursions to Santa Cruz for a pound trip
rate of !?2. Special train will leave* Third and
Townsend street depot at 7:30 a. m. ; returning,
leave Eanta Cruz at 4:10 p. m. A splendid
chance to see the Santa Clara -Valley, Santa
Cruz Mountain?. Big Trees and to enjoy ''a day
of sayety on the beach, where you may go
bathing, boating, fishing or listen to fine band
concerts. Ask about it to-day at 613 Market
street, Southern Pacific office. •
EXCURSIONS TO SANTA CRUZ.
The High Court of the northern juris
diction decided to meet at Sacramento
next October, and the High Court of
the southern jurisdiction at Santa Bar
bara during the same month, but not
at the same time.
Martin. Lcs Angeles; high secretary. W. H.
Perry, ' Lo* Angeles: high treasurer. E. E.
Packard. Sania Barbara: hich physician, ¦ S.
M. Heard. San Bernardino; high counselor, H.
tt, Valentine, Los Angeles: high auditors, F.
T. Hushes and S. G. Dunkerly. both of Lo8
Ar.Keles: hli;h orator. Companion M. K. Houn
tlenne. Pasadena; high journal secretary. G.
H. Wilson. HiverFide: high organist, Com
tanion Gladys Brazelton. San Uernardlno;
high t-eniir woodward. M. Holmes, Bakers
field; high junior woodward. R. E. Smith, Ean
Diego; high senior beadle. J. B. Hanna. Col
ton: -high Junior beadle. F. E. Odell. Glen
dora; hich marshal. L. Garrett. Kingsburg:
high conductor. F. M. Packard, Ventura; high
mpssengfr. G. W. Pwope, Los Angeles.
If John C. Fisher, discoverer of the
famous "Florodora" sextet, the "Cham
pagne" dancers in "TJie Silver Slipper."
and various other types of attractive
womanhood, should chance to be in the
place of the representative who is at
present in Frisco using his efforts to
remind people that "San Toy" is com
ing and that Mr. Fisher will present it
with James T. Powers and other cel
ebrities at the Columbia Monday night,
there is a pretty even cnance that he
would organize another "San Toy"
company for the accommodation of the
many Frisco girls who have sought
to attach themselves to the payroll of
the Chinese-English musical comedy.
The "San Toy" agent arrived here
a week ago and since then has had no
time to attend to the routine business.
From the moment he reaches the Co
lumbia in the morning all of his time is
occupied in telling a string of stage
struck maidens that there "is nothing
doing." Dozens of girls have applied
for positions.
An ambitious beauty who signs her
name Lucile Lewis is one of the many
pretty girls that have applied for po
sitions in the "San Toy company."
LUCILLE LEWIS. WHO WOULD
LIKE TO JOIN THE "SAN TOY"
COMPANY.
But Burkhardt called on the Salva
tion Army captain to prove his identity
and the sleuth was arrested.
But McCarthy, th£ sleuth, was not so
easily deceived. Had he not seen the
picture of Stillwell in the book? . And
Burkhardt somewhat resembled Still
well.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 13.— James McCar
thy, aged 20, a farmhand from Fresno,
Cal., and a' would-be detective, who
was arrested yesterday for capturing
a law abiding citizen, was discharged
to-day in a City Hall Police Court by
Judge Tracy, who administered the fol
lowing advice:
" "These correspondence schools for
detectives are bred by dime novels. If
you believed you had superior detec
tive ability, which I doubt, you should
have applied for work on some metro
politan police' force. However, I be
lieve you meant no harm and you .are
discharged, but, believe me, your great
est profit will come by sticking to the
plow."
* McCarthy reached St. Louis two
weeks ago with $300 and a burning am
bition to track great criminals to their
lairs and get the big rewards offered
for their arrest. He had always worked
on a farm, but after reading detective
literature became convinced he was
cut out for a detective.
He saw an advertisement of a de
tective assc-ciation asking for opera
tives and sent for the association's
book. He received several pamphlets,
among them- being a book of halftone
portraits of notorious criminals wanted
by the police, to each of whom was at
tached a large reward.
McCarthy studied these pictures, im
pressing the features of each indelibly
on his mind, then went forth to earn
the rewards. At Ninth and Market
streets he saw a man standing in the
doorway of the Salvation Army bar
racks. "Ah ha!" he murmured, "John
Simpson, alias StiUwell, burglar and
escaped convict. - Soon I will have the
darbies on you, my man, and you will
be the prisoner of James McCarthy,
the boy detective."
These were the .thoughts that flashed
through his mind, according to his con
fession to-day in court. Nonchalantly
he approached the man in the doorway
and tapped him upon the shoulder.
"Hist," he exclaimed. "Come with
me; I am McCarthy, the sleuth. Jack
Stillwell, I have you at last."
"Unhand me," replied the man, his
black brows coming together in an
angry frown. "I am not Jack -JJtHI
well. I am just plain John Burkhardt,
citizen of good renown, lodging with
the Salvation Army."
Special Dispatch to Tha Call
fan hich f-hiof ranger, W. E. Reavis. Los
**|»tif; hich chief ranger. R. E. Wirsehinc,
hr* A'irflff: hieii vi<-e chief ranger. R. W.
The officers of the new High Court
of Southern California were- appointed
by Fupreme Chief Ranger Oronhya
tekha as follows:
High chief ranger. Octree Q. Stewart. Ean
Kranclsco: past high chiff ranger, O. S.
Cooper. Vatlt-jo; vic-e hi£h chief ranger. O. G.
Hopkins, t^acrani^nto; hish aecretary. O. K.
Pmwn, Kan Kranelsro; hirh treasurer. J. H.
Ns."-h. San Mateo; high physician. «.". K. Tur
n«T. Vallejo; high counselor. O. W. Pickard,
Woodland; hiRh auditors. A. I* Darn* of San
FruncisTo end J. C. Grinder of Stockton.
George L. Hood of Los Angeles, who
received the next highest number of
votes, be a supreme representa
tive if the census of Independent For
esters on the first of January next
ehows that California is entitled to
another representative.
The committee on finance recom
mended an appropriation of 5500 for the
benefit of the Royal Foresters and $100
for the Guard of Honor. Both recom
mendations were adopted. An appro
priation of $300 for assisting picnics
was stricken out, as was also an ap
propriation of J25 for the high secre
tary, both matters being considered too
Jocal in their character.
The high court dues will remain at
?1 per month.
The northern jurisdiction proceeded
to the election of officers, taking where
possible the officers elected on Wednes
day, the result showing as follows:
SAX DIEGO. Oct. 11— Important ac
tion was taken by the High Court of
Foresters to-night when it was de
cided to divide the jurisdiction of Cali
fornia and form two high courts. The
dividing line is to be along the north
ern boundary of Monterey, San Benlto,
Fresno and Inyo counties. The fight of
the night was made over Fresno. The
raisin growers wanted to go in the
northern division and the north wanted
Fresno, but so did the south and, as the
south had the votes, Fresno remained
In the southern jurisdiction.
The morning session was devoted to
the election of supreme representatives.
There were forty candidates and only
eight to be elected. Those elected were:
R. E. Wirsching. Los Angeles; O. S.
Cooper, Vallejo; J. P. Murphy, San
Francisco: E. M. Cameron, San Fran
cisco ;-C. L. Wilde. Los Angeles; W. E.
Eeavis, Los Angeles; W. M. Johnson,
Los Angeles, and L. J. Marshall, Eu
reka.
EpcciiJ D.*patch to The Call.
Recommendations' of Com
mittee on Finance Are
Adopted by the Delegates
Amateur Thief Taker Comes
to Grief, ami Learns That
Plow Is Better Than Star
DISPELS DREA3I OF'FAME
MAKE APPKOPELmONS
INCIDENTS OF THE ADY r ANCE.
. "At one point several battalions .of
Japanese attempted to surround two of
our companies, but the Veroiuki regi
ment, coming gallantly to the lescue,
brought the Japanese under a heavy
fire. The Japanese thereupon raised a
Red Cross flag and*began to swear in
Russian, shouting, 'Stop shooting, you
are killing your own men.'
"The Veronski regiment paused,
though they were certain that they had
made no mistake.- having seen a Japa
nese signal meaning 'send up reserves.'
"Shifting their ground, the Veronski
regiment noured- in fresh volleys upon
the Japanese flank and rear, at 'a ranse
of thirty-five to fifty yards. The* ground
was covered with dead Japanese and
the remainder tied in confusion. Our
soldiers shouted their satisfaction at
having punished the Japanese for a
trick they have so often played \\hen
in a close corner. The VeronBki regi
ment, however, did not retire soon
enough, for the Japanese reserves com
ing up caught them In a heavy, cross
fire, under which they suffered consid
erably."
MUKDEN, Wednesday, Oct. 12.— A
Russian correspondent sends the fol
lt/wing:
"Oh October 10 1 we were forced to
retire somewhat from Yentai. At 11 p.
m. a skirmish commenced which lasted
throughout the night. At 5 o'clock yes
terday morning: we again advanced and
a desperate battle, with varying suc^
cess, raged all day. First we would
take a position and the Japanese' would
recover it. To the west of the railway
the Japanese advanced steadily and
drcn-e us from a village that we had
occupied all day, but in the evening
we reattacked, drove out the Japanese
and pushed our advance still farther
southward. This is the last news re
ceived from this portion of th'e field.
"A terrible fight also occurred east
of the railway. Here also we advanced
on Yentai, but have not yet captured it,
though we hope to get it shortly. The
Japanese must be credited with the
fact that they contended every inch
marvelously. Every inch of ground
they lost was soaked in blood. Our
troops not only fought with cc-urage,
but with unprecedented coolness. It
was never necessary to send them for
ward; they rushed upon the Japanese
of their own accord. Though the at
tack everywhere had to be carried out
under a cloud c-f bullets and shells, the
men remained impassive in the face of
the most severe punishment. Of one
company only seventeen remained —
every officer had been killed and a
private soldier commanded the rem
nant. We first attacked with the bay
onet,* but the Japanese avoided hand
to-hand fighting whenever they could,
mowing us down with shell "and ma
chine gun fire and, if this failed to
stop our rush, they evacuated the posi
tion, throwing hand-grenades and cov
ering th£ captured positions with a
hail of shells and shrapnel from their
nearest batteries. Thus we suffered
heavy losses, but, strange to say, few
were killed, by far the greater number
being wounded.
"Several squadrons of Japanese cav
alry and two battalions of infantry
were wiped out in attempting a flank
ing movement. They tried to work
around our rear, but were cut off, and
our volleys gradually decimated ilieir
ranks. No Japanese reached our lin'is
or returned to his own.
Japanese Trick Falls to Deceive Rus
sian Regiment' ut Ycntai.
St. Louis Judge Rudely, Dis
turbs Fresno Farmhand's
Plan to Become a Sleuth
Foresters Determine, After
Long Discussion, to Form
Two High Courts in State
RED CROSS FliAG IGNORED.
BOY DETECTIVE
GIVEN A SHOCK
JURISDICTION
NOW DIVIDED
THE SAN> FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1904.
MANY WOMEN
WANT TO ACT
Continued From Page Two.
¦iillS
5
Al>X"KUTli>K3lEXTS._
11 MATCHLESS
I 1 PPODUCTIONS
1 IN
] DIAMOND
j JEWELRY
I Bohm-Bristol Co. |
i Jewe!crs and
M Silversmitrn
(I 104-110 Geary Street »
BLADE VftRRANTED
I H. S. BRIDGE & CO.,
?;; MERCHANT TAILORS,
j: 622 Market Street.
S! Up Stairs. Opp. Palacs Hilil.
% SAN FRANCISCO.
# Novelties in • Imported Wear '¦
. a
Always Renxrabcr the Full /i^mc
J? axative Mroroo C/jmniiie
Com a Cold caOaeDay, Cnp in 2 Days
4& PJLjfy onev«y
g£>. yyV^wq^ box, 35c
- ¦ ¦•
LEADING BUSINESS COIO^GE OF THE
• TTEST.
Over 2* Fott rt.. Ean Francl»«o. Cal
Estab. 40 years. Open M!tir« year, day & n'lpht
Write fcr circulars (free).
-^"^^ JPclytcclmic 8 11 ¦ 1«
~~^^*i*§r~&*. neEB Collesre and
J^£J<»Jtll^^^^ nesrissr. Oakland.
l^jt^l^icr^Lg^ of buEin^s^homfatd
'¦;~T . ¦-. ----- ~^ ¦'. low.- -vWrtU'Ior 4 tret
THE /EMPORIUM; • THE EMPORIUM. . | THE EMPORIUM.
$ Tfo& B¥S(StS ?<^ StfbB*** 75c Neckwear 33c
% ""?£"* ** ****** ** A great many hundred of these to start with this
**• " Just insids. the door" morning, perhaps enough to last until closing
J l#*i#»fr A "4 f*0%m.B*~mm4 & r*~r~ " time to-morrow, but it is doubtful, for they are'
I fH V S « r i f n C ? S unusually pretty Point de Gauze and Venise
%» n X TO**** Hants made ' lace stocks, in cream, butter and Arabian colors;
J SUitS and Overcoats, tab effects, many nice patterns, 50c and 75c
»; jSfSt g& iF^ values; for. the two days, each . ,. . . . 33o
| |lp3 *pB® 35c Stockings 21c
S» JSLf An New Yorkers know them— This is the best hosiery offer we have made this
* JlP&T Most New Yorkers wear them V ear - Women's imported Hermsdorf black,
£ Thti'rRmnJ'.,**. n~~ cv, /„ • guaranteed real Maco cotton hose; one style is
*¦ &lmm\ thnrBroadway Box Style full 2 _ thread siIk fmish> fancy R £ helieu r f bbed;
$ 1P^WJ?« Overcoats Jor fifteen the other an extra heavy 3-thread, with an
'*' lill&m^'^l Dollars are fashionable, elastic ribbed top; both styles have high-spliced
* high & rade garments. heels and double soles, the very best 35c stock-
s' P>*'*5-'"3^^-tS®w^- They are made of tine ings to be had; to-day and Saturday /)«
'•* ualit y black Thibets onlv
£ /&$'$¦;'$&&¦• '' : '-'^J^§yT an<^ worsted cheviots,
5 W&wwSeT in a nice 5hade of Ox " $1mOO Gloves 63c
I W3 f^M X Sh 0 For"^ and Ha!f a thoUSand pairs only ' ladies> 2 ' dasp prime
te-¥-' ;; --- : '-li innrinir ihZ Zl th- lambskin Gloves, with 3 rows of stitching on
:S Ipfe^Wa b2? coats we IJb the back: tans ' modes ' whites and blacks: al1
% mm^:?m know 4 :.$is i^^^ig^^^^sag
$ K"''*' : -^-^'m Their Suits for Ff/ieenDol- now » pair • • r
!lfim^;x ; tr Tht sM7t^w^; 00
i mi^^-rm double-breasted sack suits, • Suits for Women
£ v'-: $¦ ¦"¦ ¦ >*$"• -vv '>fM in back Thibets and wor-. Vou «nnot duplicate the ity!e» in this city; 70a cannot
5 Stedcheviots;thenew3and ' g« 'anywhere* near as
* i\T~T*if 4 bu "on single-breasted s ood va<u « « nd « *3°
*° wk& W\ sacks, in about 15 of the or These taits
5 W'^fes. 'latest mixtures; plaids and come in black or navy
** . stripes; sizes for all men, pain cloths and in many \*W
X including the exfra stouts arid tall ones, who find st > rlijh novelty mixtures. J^SK
J! it difficult to get a ready-ma'de suit &1CZ A raost * n T * l y ]c coat » iC^W
tr satisfaction for : .9*+* the 24-inch fined jacket, /g\t i^Cf Ip*^k
K •—^ ¦— ii— — — ¦^-__^^_^ KM _^______— . 2 7-inch groats with vests ' w f r/ /I * &A
S Safe Gotf Shirts, 55c Z/^IlTtkl 7^ m\ffMW
•.¦> «* m m »*. mm* box coats and the three- -ion wilt £r i vyf
i Suspenders, 19c, Etc. quartcr i =agth , on ri.i mMKA-M
J. Another great offer of men's dollar golf shirts at about coats; all have even length lffir\lj/, h , W \jw
«• half price i» panned for Friday and Saturday. There un : incd skirts, some of -f f H( K\ JL^T
k « are many peasing patterns in the assortment; cither them plain, some flare tj ,'v fjX \wjs
*f plain or p'eated bosoms, attached # or separate cuffi. Lay p'eated, others kilted. TrjiLYl V^JrVl*
j in your supply ot comfortable? every-day g m S f% It's a great assortment LOp j J *lt|
*> shirts for winter during this sale, at . . . . %9+9C { TQTa which to choose, ' 7 ] I 1
. *i Men's Suspenders — A sa e Friday and Saturday of extra for r ' I V --T«
I? 1 h:avy webs, wiih kid ends, at about halt 4 g%^ m . $25 OO I I "" -VV
*f price, per pair . .-. ... ... ... t SMC ... ffu ! •' >»A
i ft?'*' ione r 25 , c woorwifsis JaUfli^.
j^ 2,500 boxes L Art Nouveau, their very best qua ny SSiS I'll WViM^.
*' writing paper and enve'opes; their French Trinitv -,. , j 5^ • /lit 1 V^A-^t?tkw
•>, r • v l- ¦ l t 1 o-day and while quantity /J I r J V >\ \V-^»^
X quality, in white, gray or b.ue. enve.opes the latest , 7 , ? , \ /£ i * nV\'WjB%2?
t£ • , • • , , r lasts, leveral hundred Iff I / i la.-V\V^AX
ft cut — regu ar sel ing price 50c the box, our £ , Tr , , TT . W/l i W . I \ \ Jr
*, • 1 • . Off— very fine Wool Waists, \/| I H I AV
fc verv special price ... ...... JSZ3C - ', , , . m. ii \i U—
X ¦ v v *••*** m black, red, green, j| W^"
H K" * • rtt r 0% -r «#i brown, b'ue, etc., all
* ELmpOrtUm Playing UartlS MUG neit i y . embroidered down front; good 51.50 valoes
J. High grade vveil finished cards, equal to any 20c are offered, each. Q80
tT cards in the market. < < ¦
I — — — — —^— — — Flannelette Wrappers
i Stout Winter Shoes Special To-Day 85c and 95c
J- WOr /IC«#V© BOyS N *" fl=ecy Flannelettes in medium ani dark co!o:ing»; neat attractive
g Boys' ••KaiViro'n" shoes, made ot good ca!f, broad, F r tetns; ?** hK^ ! ™ e f ' onu " nd ght- fitting limng,, bi.ho P
* / j- ~ "•«•", tlrtvet, epau'ette shoulder effects, dee? ruffle on »!ciit, two styles^
.*, round, comfortab.e to«s > jnediura heels, stout so.es; marked for to-dav's selling . : . . ., . . . 8So and QSo
jj shoes that 'will stand boys' hard wear. >. — i— ¦— i— — i^^-^^— — —^— —^—— — ¦— i— ¦
g sizes 10 to 13^, pair ...... $f. 75 5Oc VeHing 28c Yard
k° Sizes i to 2, pair . . . .'.- . . . $2mOO : To-day only, ChifFon Vei.ing, embroidered in dots and
j£ y * 5 .. 2 /^ to 5/^- P a >r $2.25 ¦ ;¦ figares— white with black, black with white, navy
* — —— — - — — — — —^— i— — — with white, brown with white, all white, all black
If BoyS* Long OVCrGOatS an^ nav y; hundreds and hundreds of yards of ?oc
j To-day and Saturday $3.00 rh ; aIu " • on s p" u1 " !e " • • • • • 28c
¦ *" % mW ¦ Chiffon Drapes — In navy, nary and white, white and black, brown
•C ' .Juvenile Department — Second Floor ani whte, and all white; about to dozen to cloie out, 50c values;
*r Big values these. They come frcm the same manufac- to-day, each 2So
J and nt will be found perfect. . The rnVterii" are dur- Butter SaiC, 35C StfUSre
K able coatings, in Oxford gray and piaids, in a service- Friday and Saturday
*C abe shade of brown. They will make sp'endid school Fresh Chvrned Creamery Butter — 0" «aal fine qoal-
tf coau for the boys 5 to 1 5 years. Fri- 4$4Qft ffiffto i:v » regu !ar s «= squares, tor the two days . . 35o
V day and Saturday only, each . . . .&&mU*M NabjC o Wafen-AU flavors, tn . . 24o
J Boys' Lonfl Overcoats — For ages 5 to 16 years; better MlUhntr Herring- Large fat fish, 7 for. . . 25o
tr than most $6.50 coats, here for . . . . . $5.00 Swiss Cheese— Best imported, lb 2Qo
tf Boys' Re«Icr and Box Coals— Of nice Kerseys, cheviots Sapolio— Ether hmd eruouring, 4birs. . ...... . 25o
J |wd serges hnec! with red flannel, for . . . $5.OO American Oub Whliky-Pure, old, gaUon St.95
Russian Novelfy Coats — For the small boys, prettv Cutter Whisky— The genuine, bottle . 700
ti styles . . . ........... . $5.00 Rock and Rye -Excellent for colds, bott'e S2O
J With every purchase of . | A. V. H. Oln-Large black bot-
tf a boy's or girl's suit or . fs° t"e ...... ;.$1 u 5O
t[ coat in our Juvenile De- f >"* : Malt N,u trine— Extra tonic,
£ partment tie will give free f^f^/jf^y llljfff d °* en ••'••'• S2.2S
J an order on Bushnoll Old Kelj.r Whlsky-Bour^n
A* >,^W A-»* P/r/,-,,, A,.,W CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- ' «P rn S 95. g» Uon • $3m2&
$ for a fine Ratino Panel . juimTni HI "" ' Grape Brandy- 5 y». old, good
£ Photo Of yourself. " M S^S** BB^^AMEmCA 1 S GRANDEST STORE for cooking, gallon. $2,40
K- ' ¦' •¦ " •- • . - .
K r ¦ ' , *
'ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL
Sealskin Jackets.
Ready-made or made to order — anr
style yon wish. .
$150^2
It wai never possible to do at well
wlt& your mosey before. •¦' ¦ f
DOHT POKOET OXTB NTJUBES.
mv* *"^^^^jydj wXflf^ i» ¦ y^vi ivi USB
_ t .;.. ¦___¦ _J ADVEj^TISEaiEyTS.
; — -v< ; •_ . • . . •. Z~ ;. v ;"-.- v S>lt- - ..••¦../ '¦--.]
The price is absurdly-low compared with' the value- These
are just extra inducements for you ; to /visit' "The Biggest : Fur- ,
niture House on the Pacific Const." , "_
: "No mail, telephone nor, children's orders."
' f Ta T i»
I \ m .A «SHi B*^j --^^ HilctJmBrcjMQiiiJTrjjtlVHnKffirfp*"'' IkSh e— w— mI THREE OF THE OFFICERS OF THE NEWLY ORGANIZED SONS AND DAUGH
TERS OF THE MARITIME PROVINCES AN ASSOCIATION OF NATIVES OF
NOVA SCOTIA. NEW BRUNSWICK AND PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— An organization
known - as ¦ the Sons and Daughters of
the 'Maritime; Provinces :has Just been
formed in Oakland by those who came
from outside of the precincts of this
State. The new sAciety will extend its
influence throughout California.
The maritime provinces are those sec
tions of Canada that border upon the
Atlantic Ocean, and all natives of Nova
Scotia, New Brunswick and Prince Ed
ward Island the entitled to member
ship. Two hundred and twenty of
those who came from those three pro
vinces have been found In and about
Oakland, and they have banded them
selves together for, mutual help and ad
vancement. It is Intended to give all
The idea of the organization was
originated by H. C. Tupper. The fol
lowing gentlemen and ladies have been
placed -in charge of the destinies of the
new society: President. H. C. Tupper;
vice president, W. L. Dimmick; secre
tary, W. H. Bull; financial- secretary.
F. Smith; treasurer, Captain J. H.
O'Brien; chairman of the social com
mittee. Miss Margaret Annand; execu
tive committee (in addition to the of
ficers), Rev. , Fred Johnstone and Rev.
Richmond Logan. >*• $*•'• '¦¦
those who come. from those sections of
Canada an opportunity to associate
themselves with the new organization,
and^ those who wish to affiliate may
communicate with"W. H.-Bull. the sec
retary, at 951 Washington street, this
city. ; ','.". . . •
•FORM LAND COMPANY.— Oakland. - Oct.
13. — Articles of incorporation of - the • North-'
lands Development Company were - filed with
the County Clerk to-day. .The principal place
of buslneaa of the corporation is Berkeley and
tbe capital stock of the company Is 575.000 of
which $65,000 haa been ; subscribed. - The • dl
rectors are E^ H. • Webb. .Qeorfe . Schmidt,-'- c.'
I* Hlxitns and .Franda Ferrier- of *¦ Eerkeiar
and Wlckharn Havens of Oakland.
.:-, OAKLAND,: Oct. 13.--TOlty" Superm-".
tendent of Schools j; W. -McClymonds'
will be : the "guest >of , the -school teach
ers of Oakland to-morrow afternoon at
the Lafayette School when . he will ; de-'
liyerjan* address Ion his, repent .tourVof
Inspection '. of Eastern schools. '::-.
Will 'Talk About Schools.
¦jIate 'shipping* ¦*;'ArEiiiJGEXci& <
7t* ;>.--¦. • ¦ ARRIVED.. • .."•..• -.
• ;,•'¦- ;'•'."' .' - . - - Thursday, Oct.- 13. '¦
.' Stmr Ma«le, : Kacles, . 4 • hours from «HaJf
moon'.Bay. ••¦>-.; --¦:.--,*•:-.¦.>*•:.•¦¦ " .•,,'- i
. :Br stmr . Wyefleia." Watson, . 100 * hoars from
laurysmith." ' :¦¦--..• ¦> . •;¦ \ >_¦*•»'.:¦"¦•. -' ¦: • -
¦- i Schr Ida • A,'. , Campbell,'' ' T hour* • from'- Point
Reyes." --•'. •¦-¦.¦• -.» .•-.¦¦ -.-r. .,.-'-+ "r, 1 - >¦;>
;.;¦¦;.•¦¦?¦• ' • •¦; ..*SAn^D:- < . ! ;V*--; ; v...\. ¦ '
"J- >'¦•"-- -1-; ¦¦£"'".-;7. -'"-.': ¦i.Tburiday.iOet.'; 18. rj
, . 9tmr Chas ; Kelson! I verson, / Port Lob "Angel m <
DOMESTIC - PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived i Oct'<; 13— Echr \ &th«V
Buhne, hence Oetlrstmr Chehalls, hence Oct
10: - schrj Repeat." hence- Oct ',7. p r- >£r**r^\Z ~-i •
f Sailed Oct 18^-Stmr ' Grace . DoUar. ¦ for San
fYanCiBOO/^EXKAsJBJBBASJJHBBnBBHBBHBSnaSCBl
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— The Restaur
ant Keepers' ". Association of Oakland
haa decided to declare for the "open
shop" and In a few. days the secretary
of the Citizens' Alliance will begin the
pojtlng of open shop cards in nearly
all the restaurants of the city. ' It was
decided at a meeting of the : associa
tion,*held yesterday, to leave the mat
ter of posting, the cards in the 'hands
of the alliance. - i —
Declare for Open Shop.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— George De
dacks. 46 years old/ a Southern Pacific.'
Company section* hand, was
killed at Shell , Mound , Station this'
morning by the Berkeley flyer. De>
dacks .yas standing- too near" the
tracks. He leaves a widow in Greece,^
his native country. • The Coroner took:
charge of the case. .Dedacks roomed
at' 857 Cedar street.-, ¦ -
Greek Section Hand Killed.
;^OAKLXND V Oct. T" 13.— r The - : suit
'brought by- the'- Shaw! Brothers,'.,;' pho-'
tographere, to; stay Tony, iAibelsky^ of
the 1 Novelty tlTheaJter^ from ousting
•them -J from ¦ their V rooms, .. was / decided
i against them this afternoon. by J- Judge
Ellsworth: y. They claimed .'.to •have a
¦ leased of ,.the^ premises f until next ! Jan-
it was'showff.that'th«'lease
had beerir made with the rent collector,
¦ whO'luu^rio authority.*- 7 '_ •
¦Were 'Nonsuited.
Jlarriaffe Licenses.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Anton
Schwartz, 21, and Pearl Erickson, 13,
both of Oakland: James Walsh, 28,
and Mary Howard, 22, both of Green
wood. Mendoclno County.
Governor Appoints H. C Capwell;
OAKLAND, Oct-13.— H. C. Capwell,
president of the Oakland Board" of^.
Trade, was to-day reappointed a rnem-^'
ber of the board of trustees of 'the;]
Home for the Adult Blind in. this city.'
Governor Pardee appointed ; Mr. Cap
well-a" member of the board last-May,.'
but Inadvertently the appointee failed'
to qualify, so the Governor renewed 1
the s appointment to-day.
BERKELEY, Oct. 13. — An explo
sion of a chemical'mixture made up of
phosphorus and nitrogen so injured
the eyes of Charles Dozier this morn
ing, while he was engaged in the min
ing department of the university, that
he will be incapacitated for work for
seme time. Dozier is an .assistant in
the department. The explosion .. oc
curred just as he was bending over a
vessel containing the mixture, and thus
he received the flying stuff, squarely
In the face.
Add in His Eyes.
TO PROBATE MEHRMA.VN WILL.— Oak.
land, Oct. 13. — Petition for tha probate of th«»
will of the late Ferdinand Mehrmann was flie-J
to-day. His eatate consists of property value J
at $38,000. Of this amount J230O is personal
property- and the remainder consists of five
pieces of real estata in tha city of Oakland
valued at $25,500.
OAKLAXD. Oct. 13. — E. L. Bald
win, a Southern Pacific locomotive en
gineer, was arrested to-day on com
plaint of Albert Hemenover, 1300 San
Pablo avenue, who charges that Bald
xrin struck him in the face during an
altercation about a team that obstruct
ed the engine switching at Fourteenth
and Franklin streets.' \
Says Engineer U^ed Fists.
SUES TO RECOVER LAXD.— Oakland Oct.
13.— Suit was begua to-day by O. Blebs tenrvrt
F. J. Woodward. John S. de Laacey, Margaret
E. Evans and W. E. Dean to recover a plea*
of property he values at $G000. The defendaT^t
say ther bad a Judgment against him and UJ. :
the property wu sold to satisfy the e'.airrt.
amounting to $l."O. This, it is said. 13 all, that
the land was worth above tha threa mortgages
which lncumber the place.
" OAKLAND, Oct. 1 3. — At to-day's
session of the municipal water supply
advisory committee City Engineer F.
C' Turner and Councilmen Wallace
and Meese were chosen to make an
inspection of the properties bonded
by George W. DornlriJ president of the
City Councir, as a possible site of a«
municipal -water plant.- Two hours'
discussion waB held over the situation.
The committee'' adjourned until Mqn- ;
day./ .
To Inspect Bonded Properties.
BERKELEY, Oct. 13. — President
Jordan of Stanford and Judge W.
Morrow of the United States Circuit
Court will be the speakers at the uni
versity meeting in the Harmon gym
nasium at 11 o'clock Friday morning,
October 14. All university exercises
will be suspended at that hour. As
the university meeting falls on the day
before the annual California-Stanford
football game President Jordan is to
have as a subject, "Intercollegiate
To Discuss Sport. *
WILL HOLD COMPETITIVE DRILL.-,
Oakland. 'Oct. 13.— The Cadet Corps of tha
First Congregational Church and the Starr
Kinz Cadet Corps of San Francisco will hold
a competitive drill next Friday evening at th«»
armory of the former organization on Fifteenth
street. The victorious company will receive at
handsome silver cap. Officers of the National
Guard will act as Judgts.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 13.— The West End
Improvement Association appointed!
the following committee to go before
the Board of City Trustees Monday
n?ght with a petition 'in favor of call
ing an election of freeholders to frame
a new municipal charter: S. S. Green,
Martin Owens, M. C. Hawks. This
committee will act in conjunction with
a committee from the Alameda Ad
vancement Association, which is com
pesed of P. S. Teller, Charles's. Neal,
Gf-orge H. Mastick. . -^
Citizens to See Trustees.
' Mrs. Schilling ¦ and • Miss Schilling were as
sisted In receiving to-day t>y Mrs." A. Schilling,
Mrs. R. G. Brown, Mrs. M. W.- Kales. Mrs. M.
Ehrenbersr, Mrs.- 1*, E%erts, ' Miss- Florinne
Brown.- Mrs; E. ' Folger.'; Mrs. O. H. '.Wheaton.
Mrs. George S. Wheatcn, Mrs. Thomas Crellln.
Mrs;-' T. ? Arthur ' Crelltn, - Mrs. " H. -¦ E. Miller.
Mrs. H.* M.E A.- Miller. Mrs. C.I O.'- G.' Miller,
Mrs.", P.^E.'! Bowles." Mrs. : Edwin' Qbodall, Mrs'
: C.1 M. . Goodall, ¦ Mrs. C. ; M. Cooper,', Mrs. \ J.' R.
'Amid - the most elaborate decorations, Mrs.
Adolph Schilling and her young daughter. Miss
Elsa -Schilling., received the BOO friends who
had bean bidden to their "at home" to-day.
This was the first formal affair given at the
Schilling : home for some time and was one of
the season's brilliant ' events. . The floral deco
rations were unusually elaborate, and : an or
chestra furnished a musical accompaniment- to
the . continuous -. murmur . of feminine, voices.
Tha beautiful weather permitted the guests to
wander * through the picturesque • grounds,
where a mandolin club added to tha allurement
of : tha ' garden \ scene. . ~ Artistic ' teahouse, tiny
rustle bridges and floral clad terraces make the
Schilling gardens ' tha most attractive spot In
the Lakeside district. •-Q»»nnMBgM
Miss Barstow is not a society girl in the
full acceptance of the term, having devoted all j
her time to the cultivation of a very beautiful
voice and to tha study of music generally.. She
,is both clever and charming and tha center
of an admiring coterie of friends.
"The guests to-day were members of # -a
"mothers' and' daughters' ", club. . which has
enjoyed several seasons and at. the close of the
games — they play 500 — a delicious collation was
served on the small card tables. -J- ' ¦
Among those who participated In . a delight
ful afternoon were Mrs. Owens and her daugh
ters; Mrs. J. J. Allen and Mrs. Edward'Cran
dall; Mrs. T. C. Mayon and daughter. .Mrs.
Ed Mayon; 'Mrs. -Parkinson and daughter, Misa
Elizabeth Parkinson: Mrs. :Barrlsgton and
daughters, Mrs. Walter Gannon and Mrs. John
Norton Pomeroy;. Mrs. Cora -La Fave .and
daughter, Mrs. Phillip Walsh; Mrs. John Peter
; Cook.' Mrs. Howard Swales, Mrs. Clifford Beat
ty' of San Francisco, Mrs. Sam Scott-- of Ala
[ raeda, Mrs. ; L. R. Barstow, Misa Barstow and
Mrs. Joseph Ghlrardelll. - Prizes were won . by'
Mrs. Swales and Mrs. . La Fave.
Aa stated this morning. Miss Barstow is
Mrs. GhlrardelU's | sister and their mother Is
Mrs. L. R. Barstow of this city. The wedding
will follow close upon New Tear's day and the
Interim promises to ba filled with a merry
round of complimentary affairs for the bride,
as she has so many relatives and friends here.
Miss Barstow is a niece of George W. Reed
and so related to Mrs. Olive Reed Cushman
and Mra. : Howard Swales. The Reeds are all
still in mourning for poor Mrs. Danforth, how
ever, so can do nothing in a social way.
Of course, now you want to hear something
about the man In tha case. He comes of an
excellent Livermore family, and those who
know him say he is a fine fellow. His father
la R. Hunter, a pioneer of the Livermore Val
ley and one of the well-to-do and Influential
citizens of that , locality. Young Mr. Hunter
haa been In this city but a short time and Is
In the employ of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany.
Perhaps that Isn't Just exactly what tne
poet said, but the sentiment Is certainly famil
iar to most of us. This morning' I insinuated
that I Miss Barstow had - happy secret that
she was about to share with her friends and
Io! this afternoon the prophecy was fulfilled.
When the little band of Invited guests filed
into Mrs. Ghirardelll'a cozy home to-day the
first object that attracted their attention was a
double hoop, entwined with soft 'greens, hang-
Ing from the grill across the round corner win
dow. In the hoops were two white billing
doves, each carrying a white heart, "Jessie"
being. written on one and on the other "John."
In this quaint, pretty fashion was the .n
gagement of Miss Jessie "Barstow and John
Hunter announced. The guests were all old
friends anB the congratulations that were
showered upon Miss Barstow thrilled with a
hearty sincerity.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— : V
Where is . the woman with soul so dead.
Who with satisfaction hath not aald—
"I told you »o!"
MARTINEZ, Oct. 13.— Failure of
four Democratic nominees for Su
pervisors and Assemblyman in Contra
Costa County to file certificates of
nomination" within the time specified
by law practically assures the elec
tion of a Republican Board of Super
visors and thevprobable defeat of the
delinquent candidate for the As
sembly. The nominees are: Fred
Booth, Supervisor Second District;
Paul de Martini, Supervisor • Fourth
District; J. D. "Wightman. Supervisor
Fifth District; A. L. Langr of Rich
mond, Twenty-second Assembly Dis
trict. The time- limit expired last Sat
urday. None of the four -names can
go on the ballot under the regular
party designation. They must be
placed .as independent nominees and
go on the ticket by petition. ,/ /
Blander Aids Republicans.
By Zoo Green Kadeliffe.
Mrs. Charles Butters has returned from
Europe and U once more domiciled at Clare
mont. - . • - ¦ ¦ . . .
The "W..H. Weilbyes left to-day for the East
They will first visit the Grand Canyon of the
Colorado, going on later to the exposition and
other points of Interest in the East. They
expect to be away until January.
Mrs. Oscar Long was a guest of the De
Tounga at the recent launching at Mara Island
Miss de Young' christened the Intrepid.
Miss Mabel Hill, the First Presbyterian's
clever young organist, has opened a studio in
the Central Bank building.
The current literature section gave the Oak
land Club a lively afternoon yesterday by In
troducing Mrs. Stetson's book. 'The Home,"
as a topic for general discussion. Mrs. Julia
Banborn led the debate and opinions that
wanted airing were brought out and shaken
vigorously. Among those who made the argu
ments Interesting were: Mrs. Julia 3. San
born. Mlsa Ellen Horton. Mrs. H. Elliot Crane
Mrs. M. L. W. Curtis, Mrs. David Spencer'
Mrs. Para Reamer and Mrs., E. F. Cole. '
Piano selections were > given by Mrs. C C
Cobbledick. Mr*. Florence Hardiman Miller
was chairman of the afternoon, assisted' by
Mrs.' J. A. Collon. Mrs. F. A. Lacy, Mrs
Ralph Cole, Miss Collon and Mlsa Evelyn
Price. ,"'•-
Miss Hampton was assisted by Mrs. Ed
son F. Adams. Mrs. George H. Wheaton, Mrs
Allan Harwood Babcock. Mrs." Lillian Brown
Everts. : Miss Florinne Brown. Mrs. Charles
Walkeley. Mrs. M. W. Kales. Miss Elsie Fry,
Miss Ruth Kalf ¦». Miss Rose Kales, Miss Anita
Thomson and Mrs. T. B. Coghill.
Among the recently formed card clubs Is
the Tuesday Evening Club, which was organ
ized this week, with Miss Marlon Horton as
president and Mra. Whitehead as treasurer.
Ml»s Horton was hostess at the first meeting
Tuesday -evening at the Hotel Metropole, where
she and her two younger sisters are now re
elding.
The membership Includes : Mr and Mra
Whitebead, Mr. and Mrs. Dorsay. Fred But
terfleld, -Mies Butterfleld, Miss Harriet Da
vis. Miaq Marion Horton, Miss Hazel Horton
Dr. Lackie, Arthur Mac Donald and Clyde Bur
rill. . • ¦ -
Burnham. Mra. T. T. Coghill. * Mrs. O. P.
Downing. Mrs. Edgar Bishop. Mrs. E. B. Stone.
Mrs. Fred Magee. Mrs. Edscn Adams. Mrs.
George Greenwood. Mrs. E. M. Beck. Mrs. C.
Schilling. Mra. C. Houghton. Miss Kales. Miss
Bishop. Mtss Coogan. Miss Jackson. Ml»ses
Knowles. Miss Burnham. Miss Ros« Kales,
Miss Sevllla Harden. Miss Beatrice Sftnpson,
Miss Alice Andrews, Ml** Marguerite Butters.
Miss Jessie Craig. Miss Vera Havemeyer, Miss
Agnea Ehrenberg. ,
A pleasant little neighborhood tea was given
in^hon&r of Mrs. Frank S. Adams yesterday
at the home of Miss Sally Hampton. Mrs. Ad
ams Is a recent acquisition to Oakland's social
circles. „ ,
ALL GOMES TRUE
Tie first noonday concert of the Kama was)
given yesterday in Hearst Hail under the aus
pices of tha Art Association.
The doxen men who comprise the rl3e teain
are to use Krag-Jorgensen rlSes In the annual
rifle contest thia year. Governor Pardee ha*
promised the equipment.
w. R. de Leon's farce has been selected ft?
production by the Juniors on November 23 at
the Grand Opera- house In Saa Fraaclsco. D»
Leon's farce deals with scenes at the enlTe?s
settlement in West Berkeley. There will ba
eleven members In the cast.
Professor Marx, head of the civil engineer
ing department at Stanford, spoke to a targv
audience to-day la the students" obserratorjr
on the possibilities open to graduate civil en
glneers. He championed tha englneerlcs
courses and their products, declaring that hi^Ji
ideals are maintained by the latter and that
the courses are valuable and essential.
Engineer members of the freahman c!.i«i
complain that clasa officers, most of whom ar*
In culture colleges, so fix c!ass me«t!ng hours
that/ the engineering n^rnbers are unable to
attend. The arrangement is to be chaag*4
soon as & result ol th» complaint.
BERKELEY. Oct. 13. — Captain Xaace. th«
new commandant, will assume tcthority at
the university next week.
Tha second cf tie HerzsteJa lectures was
»lven to-day by Dr. Alonzo Englebert Taylor.
"Alcohol Fermentation" was hia subject
Delegates from tbe university to the trrisa
tion convection at Modesto will leave Berkeley
October 17. Professors Meade. Kortier. Trick
son. Stover and Soule expect to attend tha
convention.
It. Tuttle 'C5. president of tha «enlor eUss.
ia 111. ¦.' «-
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The costumes and accessories,
brought by Miss Barrows from the
East, are rich and beautiful, and the
stage pictures will not soon, be for
gotten by those who se« them. In
general, though the illness of Miss
Barrows is lamentable, yet the young
actors feel that If she should by great
good fortune be able to drive to the
theater on Saturday morning she
would not be ashamed of the perform
ance.
Rehearsals for "Ajax" continue
successfully, in suite of the severe loss
the play haa sustained from the ill
ness of M'ss Barrows. Much had
been accomplished before Miss Bar
rows caught her cold (which has
since develosed Into a severe conges
tion of the luncs). and the zeal and
energy of the other actors, and of
Professor J. T. Allen, who succeeds
Miss Barrows in the management,
promise to make good most of the
deficiencies. Dewing la an ideal Ajax.
Keane is known as one of the best
actors in college, and the part of Tec
messa will not suffer in his hands, in
spite of the very short time he has
had for practice. The other parts are
well taken, two -or three of them no
tably so.
BERKELEY. Oct. 13. — A dozen
Greeks from San Francisco came to
the Greek Theater at the university
to-day to witness the "AJax" rehear
sals. One of them, an old man of im
pressive appearance, was in his youth
a model for "Jupiter" in the studios
of Paris. A score or more Greeks
from the Grecian colony in San Fran
cisco have arranged to attend the
"AJax" performance next Saturday.
San Francisco Are Present at
Preliminary Performance.
Interesting Visitors From Colony in
GREEKS COME TO SEE
REHEARSALS OF "AJAX."
The Royal Arch Chapter of Masons
will be instituted soon and all three
Masonic bodies will be housed in the
new Masonic "Temple soon to be com
pleted.
BERKELEY. Oct. 13. — Many Ma
sens of Berkeley crossed the bay to
night to witness the formal institution
of the new Berkeley lodge, F. and A.
M., which yesterday was granted a
charter by the Grand Lodge, now In
ptbsion In San Francisco. The new
lodge has been working under dispen
sation, granted by Grand Master Nut
ting. The remarkable growth of Dur
ant Lodge has made the new organiza
tion necessary.
The lodge officers who have been in
strumental In its success and whose
names will appear in the charter as
such are: A. S. Parsons, worshipful
master; John T. Morrison, senior war
den; James L. Robison, Junior warden.
Other officers of the lodge are: H. V.
J. Swain, treasurer; William E. Loy,
secretary; L. L. Nelson, senior deacon;
Lester McNulty, junior deacon; W. R.
Stanford, tyler.
Ceremony Is Condncted Under the
'Auspices of the Grand Lodge
.in San Francisco.
3IASOXS AT BERKELEY
INSTITUTE XEW LODGE
The police believe Bales' story. They
have no evidence that he killed the
woman and -no one'\everknew of any
•quarrel '^ occurring; between » them, '- al
though rthey -have' been' living .together
for; many months. 5; Bales -is- 28 years
ptd" and a druggist «by occupation- 1 He
is out '.-of ;¦ work. '\ . '
Engejberger; was divorced from
her husband, -> Emil;1 'some V time ; ago.
The' laiter tried ito.kill her ajt the ;fer r '"
,ry oniNoveinber. 6,1903. \Engelberger
was ¦formerly.' employed vby.Tlllmann &
:'BehdelVand'.was considered "a man of
gredt 'promise. Mrs.' Erigelbefger/has
a 'boy; 14 years old in «jthe Boys' and
Girls' -Aid Society" Hom'el' V." .,;v '.
"We lntepded to be married In a:f«w
months," said Bales, "and were discus
sing our wedding while out driving.
We were both in cheerful spirits when
we reached the house. Mrs. ¦ Engel-^
berger alighted from the buggy first
and I . started to follow her. My gun
fell out of the inside. pocket of my over
coat and was discharged when it hit
the curb. The bullet struck Mrs. En
gelberger in the abdomen, and she sank
back in a pool of blood. She fainted
away and died soon after the doctor
arrived on the scene." if,;'; % [
The police at the Park station were
notified and Bales was taken there and
later to the Central station. He broke
down and wept like a child. The man
was visibly affected and presented a
pitiful sight as he sat in a cell and
told the story of the tragedy. ' ,-,< ¦
it happened. He said: "*
"I was standing across the street
when the couple drove up and heard
the report of a revolver. I hastened
,to the scene and found the woman
lying in a pool of blood on her door
step with Bales standing over her, try
ing to stop the flow of blood with the
p*alm of his hand. She was uncon
scious and failing rapidly.
"We took her inside the house and I
made a hasty examination. I discov
ered that the bullet had entered the
lower part of the abdomen, ranged up
ward and then made its exit , through
the lumbar region.. Death was caused
from internal and external hemor
rhages. The woman was too far gone
to make a statement and did not re
gain consciousness."
Dr.' Louis C. Jacobs.'V physician con
nected with' the German Hospital, was
the only person near' the scene of the
shooting. He was standing across the
street nearly opposite where the trag
edy took place, and when he heard the
shot he .hastened to the woman's as
sistance. Dr. Jacobs did not see how
.The weapon was discharged, the
bullet striking the* unfortunate woman
in the femoral artery. She fell to
the ground with a shriek of pain and
Bales quickly ran to her assistance.
A. physician was summoned, but his
efforts to save the life of "the woman
were futile, for she . passed away in
half an hour without regaining .con
sciousness.' ' '-'••--• : * — - ¦ - ¦ -
According to- Bales' tale Mrs.
Eneelberger stepped out of the rig
and he was about to' follow her when
his 45-caliber revolver* fell from the
inside pocket of his overcoat and hit
the curbstone.
Mrs. Annie Engelberger, a divorced
woman, 35 years old, swiftly bled < to
death in front of her home, 50 Portola
street, shortly after 10 o'clock last
night. • The woman died from the ef
fects of a pistol wound which pierced
the femoral artery. - Whether she was
shot to death by her lover, Ernest N.
Bales, or died as the result of an acci
dent remains to be proved. Bales Is in
custody and tells a straight story of
accidental shooting, which the police
believe.
The death of the woman was tragic
as well as dramatic She had been out
riding with Bales during the after
noon, and, shortly after 10 o'clock the
coupje returned to the woman's
home, where they had been living to
gether for several months as husband
and wife.
Ernest N. Bales Says Shooting Was
Accidental and Polic3 Believe
Leaden Missive From Lover's
Weapon 'Ends Mrs. En
gelberger's Life./-
You may have some good reason for delaying
the repairs and reconstruction, but so far we
have not heard from them. The Board of
Trustees meet* next Monday night, when a
cotnmuci cation from you concerning this mat
ter would be appreciated. Tours respectfully,
J. W. OILJXX3LT,
CUv Clerk of Alameda.
The can fcave been apparently handed down
frora anti<;Blty. A!a=se<Ia looks like a grave
yard of ears, where all cars that have outlived
their cs«fdaees asd passed away have coma
to b« interred. It may be economy to utilize
your roUlsx stock to the limit, but it looks
as though tils city is getting the worst of It.
Complaints are coming in frost ail directions.
Elck people are xnade sicker and well people
are made sick. Tbe people are becoming
aroused aad unless something is done to alle
viate conditions they will be prepared to take
radical action. That Alameda with her popu
lation is entitled to something better goes
without saying.
Tbe roadbed li a disgrace to modern civtliia-
Uon. Tht cars no longer run on rails, bat
bump alocg on the flange* of the wheels. If
everything la favorable tha cars follow the
streaks it rust, which mark the last resting
place of former rails, but at any time and
without good reason the cars leave the streaks
cf rust and go planning into trees and poles,
thereby endangering the lire* and health of
oar citizen*. -
ALAMEDA, Oct. 13.— Repeated com
plaints made to the City Trustees by
the Alameda Advancement Association
and the West End Improvement Asso
ciation about the alleged dangerous
condition of the roadbed of the local
lines of the Oakland Transit Consoli
dated have led the municipal legisla
tors to order the City Clerk to write
the management of the corporation
concerning the matter. ' That official to
day addressed the following letter to
General Manager Kelly:
No doubt you are Informed as to the condi
tion of the cars and roadbed and also the
character of service rendered, but it Is poestbln
that you are misinformed as to the sentiment
of the people of Alameda.
Deepite acitaUon in this ooontry for PhUlp
piae iBfiependenc*. the question Is absolutely
Irayracticatte. The Islands will not become ln
<5«5>endent. If we desert them others will at
</nce take our place. They will do what wt
fall to do As a whole the is'.ar.i* can only
t*oef.t by the rule of an enlightened nation and
wosld lc*« ty independence.
P-ezions such as the Philippine* are to-day
cot able to become Independent- Tbe advant
&£?¦ of control become apparent when a bar
barian nation Is Kberally managed by soma
er.lirfatcEed neighbor. This is not true In a
case like Finland. Lower people develop and
gain by contact with their enlightened protec
tors. They learn a modern language, modern
laws and modern social conditions. There Is
no real connection between personal liberty and
political freedom. In eplte of the exactions of
the Dutch la Java, there is more liberty and
tndT^cdenoe there than In states where people
are under the. control of native princes. If the
rule of a reckless or eemi-barbarous Govern
&ect is extended over other nations nothing
is raised, but if a good government rets con
trol of an uncirtli*»d land good only results.
Political wisdom is necessary. Spain was
never politically wise, yet the Filipinos owe
their b*rt traits to the Spaniards. They laid
away tribal allegiance and wars and took Ju*t
.-:»¦:•• toward unity. Schools were established
and young Filipino* received education in Eu
fi*aa cu*tcrc» and laws. The church swept
away dfl ideas and traditions asd opened the
way fcr better times and government.
Under American rule education in the Phil
ippines ha* advanced and started on new ana
better linn. No reason for stepping this con
trol na« b««n offered. It \r safe to may that
if tb* ls'acds were abandoned they would go
back to their former conditions. .
Tie «rtr«ne of liberalism is ihown In the
Philirpines No line Is drawn between the
American an« Asiatic. The questions of the
status of mixed blood do net appear. Cm* law,
en* court and one church exist for all. Any
office may be held by any one who is able to
get the votes. The legislation is to reft wllh
leiri*!a.tlve aMercblle*. Insular constabulary
maintain* peace. American rupreciacy guar
antee* absence cf invasion, and the Filipino Is
to-day better eff than he ever was before.
If CcEgrew ia its wisdom doe* not with to
turn a Territory into a f-tate there Is r.o power
to force Congress. Therefore an we have al
ways practically held colonies, there is no rea
•on why we should not indefinitely continue to
to so. Oar institution* will not suffer from
contact with the islands any more than did
England rafter from contact with her colonies.
On the other hand, the islands will benefit
greatly frcni contact with us.
•"Philippine Independence Is Imprac
ticable." declared Professor Bernard
Moses, for four years a Philippine
commissioner and now head of the
history department of the State Uni
versity, in a classroom lecture to-day.
Professor Moses said It would be the
height of folly to abandon the island
posseFsions, and he clinched his as
sertions with arguments that are the
result of his experiences in the Ori
ent- His address was in part as fol
lows:
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 13.
Examination boards: Admission on- trial —
J. Emery. J. W. Horn. O. I*. Russell. First
year — W. P. Andrews. Z. J. Needham, I* P.
Shearer; second year — C. E. W. - Smith. H.'
Neate, J. E. Squires; third year — P. N. Blank
enshix>. O. P. Noble. W. A. Booher; fourth
year— X. A. Whltmer, W. E. Phillips, J. L.
Jones, -i'.'i
, Joint board of finance — Z. J. Xeed-.arn, G. V.
Northey, W. A. Booher, R. E. Munn, H. M.
Forsythe. W. F. Coffin, John Potter.
Epworth League— C. Todd Clark. L. C. Wil
son. J. B. Needham, W. H. Waste. C. ¦ R.
Wicks. J. B. Rader. . ,
Bible Society— J. C. Wooten, U C. Renfro,
W. A. Lindsey. \
Admissions — A. Odom, W. O. Waggoner, A.
U Paul..
Church extension— A. L. Paul, J. C. Woolen,
W. J. Fenton, W. E. Phillips. W. E. Montgom.
ery. O. P. Noble. W. F. Clark, J. C. Simmons,
A. H. Wiilard.
Kducatlon — Joseph Emery, W. J. Eardley,
Edward J. Page, C. E. Clarke, J. P. Strother,
W. A. Booher. I. T. Bell. J. L. Jones, H. W.
Fisher. *
Missions— C. E. W. Smith. H. M. McKnight,
J. A.. Batchelor, W. P. Thomas, J. C. Robert
son. J. W. Potter, H. Adams, II. P. Andrews.
J. L. Humphries.
Sunday-schools — O. I*. Russell, W. H. Cur
rln, J. E. Squires, Frank How*. H. Hunaaker,
George Hatcher.
Eupplles — W. P. Balrd. Oakland; D. Harri
son. Boonevllle: P. C. Fletcher. Alameda; Z.
P. Mllllnrton. Yorkeville and Hopland; O. C.
Coppaye, MUlville circuit.
Grove was present when the appeal
was read and the vote taken, biit he'
took no part In the proceedings and
made no comment on the decision.
The following committee and confer
ence boards were appointed to-day:
The action of tha conference was the
result of an appeal by Grove from the
verdict of expulsion rendered by the
Fresno District Conference; which was
sustained by the annual conference in
July of this year. The case dates back
to 1902, when Grove's first wife was
granted a divorce from him on the
grounds of cruelty and desertion. A
year, later Grove married again, and
shortly afterward - charges of immor
ality were preferred against him. They
were sustained' by the Fresno District
Conference.
Grove appealed and his case was tried
at the meeting of the annual confer
ence on January 14, 1904. The verdict
of the district conference was sus
tained. Then Grove appealed' to the
present conference, with disastrous re
sults.
After the appeal had been read the
Rev. J. A. Batchelor of San Joaquln
district, who acted as president at both
the former trials, reviewed the case.
He said that the trials had been fair
and that he could see no reason why
the verdicts should not be sustained.
At the close of Mr. Batchelor's address
the Rev. J. J. N. Kenny of Fresno made
a strong argument In favor of denying
the appeal. In conclusion he said:
Tills la a time when the church cannot af
ford to temporize on this question. The ease
with which divorces are secured threaten* the
home life of the nation. The nine- men who
tried this case are men. of Integrity and intel
ligence; who love" their homes, and they say
that the accused Is not a. fit man to present
the cospel. We cannot afford .to tafc* any
other action. ; i
Because It was proven that he had In
duced his wife to obtain a divorce that
he might be free to marry another
woman, M. F. Grove, former pastor of
the MethodiBt Episcopal Church South
of VisaJia, was dropped from the min
istry and membership in the church to
day. The decision was at a conference
at Ashbury Church, this city. The ex
pulsion of Grove was made final by the
unanimous vote of the pastors of sixty
four churches.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 13.
Nellie Bright of Berkeley dismissed
her action for divorce 'to-day agalnsr
Edwin Bright, whom she accused of
intemperance. They went to the Coun
ty Clerk's office together to-day, having
made up their differences and said that
they had lived together too long to
want to separate. He deeded her a piece
of property which she alleged she fear
ed he would drink up.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1015 Broadway. Oct, 13.
Worried by the actions of her hus
band until she attempted suicide by
taking: carbolic acid, from the effects
of which she was saved, Gertrude 31.
Tesche to-day began divorce proceed
ings against Arthur W. Tesche, a bag
gageman living In Alameda. Sha
charges cruelty. They were married
in the early part of this year, both
having been married before- Hardly
had the honeymoon passed, says she.
before her husband refused to let her
little son live with her and Insisted that
he was not a fit companion for h!s two
little girls.
From that time on her -worries in
creased. Her husband had little affec
tion for her and made her drink whJ3
ky when she felt 11L She became a
household drudge, while her heart was
breaking to see her boy. from whom sb.9
had been separated- His father left
sufficient means to pay for tys care.
One day when she felt particularly blue
she drank the contents of an ounce bot
tle of carbolic acid, but neighbors
found her and a doctor saved her. She
says If she Is forced to live with hes
husband it will either drive her crazy
or to attempt suicide again.
The trial of the Sheahan divorce case
before Judge llelvin . to-day failed to
bring out anything more sensational
than the charges made by Mabel C.
Sheahan that her husband chased hei
out of their room at midnight. John
J. Sheahan, the defendant. i3 an Insur
ance adjuster In San Franc!3co. Hs
says his wife made life miserable foj
him. She believes in spirits and spent
her nights out among them. Mrs. Shea
han was in the witness chair all day
and tried the patience of court an<3
lawyers in attempting to say more in
her answers than the attorneys re
quired. She was reprimanded many
times by Judge Melvin, but persisted
In telling her story In her own way.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day
by Mary E. Oulsman against Thomas
H. Oulsman on the ground of deser
tion. They were married In England
In 1S77, but a few years ago she states
he left her-
Charges of Immorality Are
Unanimously Sustained by
Sixty - Four Clergymen
Former Commissioner Tells
His Class Why Policy of
Control Is for the Best
City Clerk Says the Town
Is Used as a Gravej'ard
for Cars of Old Pattern
Mrs. Mabel Sheahaa Talks
Without Stint Despite
Judge Melvin's Reprimand
TART LETTER IS SENT
Woman Sliot as She
Alights From a.
Buggy.
FINAL APPEAL DENIED
SCORES SCUTTLE PLAN
WOMAN'S TOXGIJE WAGS
Professor Moses- Declares
That Independence of
Islands Is Impracticable
3Iethodist Conference Dis
misses M. F. Grove From
the Church and -Ministry
Alameda City Trustees Are
Prompted to Act Because
of Numerous Complaints
Despondent Wife Fails in
Attempt at Suicide and
Xow Brings Divorce Suit
TRAGEDY
MARKS END
OF OUTING
FILIPINOS UNFIT
FOR SELF-RULE
WANT ELECTRIC
ROAD REPAIRED
FORMER PASTOR
IS EXPELLED
LIVES TO ASK
FOR FREEDOM
Natives of Maritime Provinces
Found Social Order in Oakland
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; OCTOBER 14, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
+ +
j FREE FREE FREE.
LUNCH-t-DINNER— TEA. .
CREPE PAPER -—- —
-'¦- .sets . ;
As a Table Ornament Nothing
Could Be More Desirable >
or Serviceable.
' A SET FREE '
WITH WANT ADSf
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See announcement on classi-
W&&3&& &F3% t*&?iussk „„ & No woman's happl.
v^-^'__ ' . - : .-:• is her nature 'to lova
-„„ «,, .... , , , BffRB99 beautiful and
pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother most
pass, however, is.so fraught with drad, pain f suffering and- danger,
tftat the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and Z'
There is no necessit r for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. Thia
great and wonderful "
of women'.' through ' •
: the trying' 'crisis without suffering. 'MF&- B M
_*Sjma for frj-a took containing Information -&T ' j^^/S7/^& IM& /7W
••fprtcelesaralne to^^all expectanl mothers.' M^ B B Wt mB ' S3 H Bfl3
The Bradfleld Reoulator C«, Atlanta, Ga. a & B \UP U 3 %S42f
r 7lcniBdSssiBMnM£s«^* U^f.V^^r^>. I- . JSSStWi «•WITH HANDS CLASPED THEY
LEAVE WORLD TOGETHER
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. 13.— Mrs. Car
rie Nation of hatchet fame brought
her daughter, Mrs. A. D. McNabb of
Richmond, Tex., who is insane, to the
State lunatic asylum here to-day. The
demented woman was admitted to the
institution as a patient. Mrs. Nation
delivered a lecture at the courthouse
after she had delivered; her daughter
into the care of the asylum authori
ties.
"Hatchet Wieldcr" Delivers Lecture
After Turning Offspring Over to
the Authorities.
CARRIE NATION'S DAUGHTER
INMATE OF AN ASYLUM
BOMBAY. Oct. 13.— The rate of discount of
th* Bank ol' Bombay w«e raised to-day from
li to 1 icr <-»>nt.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Oct. 13. — Af
ter brutally assaulting his wife and
then forcing her to swallow laudanum
in sufficient quantity to kill had not
prompt measures been taken. Earl
Ryder, an insurance agent, last night
entered the home of Jesse Spurgeon
at Ottumwa and fired several shots in
an attempt to kill the latter, of whom
he was insanely jealous.
Ryder is In Jail in default of $2500
bonds on charges of assault with in
tent to commit murder. He filed a
< ounter charge against Spurgeon, the
latter giving bonds at once in the sum
of 11.00.
Insurance Affent Forces Wife to .Drink
Poison and Then Tries to
Kill Man.
DOUBLE CRIME ATTEMPTED
BY A JEALOUS HUSBAND
STILL PROBING INTO
STREET REPAIR CONTRACT
The Harbor Board come* in for another cas«
tlRation at the hands of the News Letter e<li.
torial staff this week and that virile and
fearless Journal shows why it should not b«
trusted with the disbursement of funds for th«
further improvement of the seawall.
It makes good reading- for any citizen con
scientious enough to desire to vote intelli
gently on the various amendments.
Have you heard of "Frenzied Finance," and
have you calculated what this effect of th«
Lawson disclosures will be on your life in
surance policy? No. "Well, read the Newi
Letter and you can form your own conclu<
siona aa to the policy you are now carrying,
This is a burning question and of Interest U
every policy-holder in the country.
Sympathizers with the Boer cause will b«
surprteed to hear of the sequestration in va
rious parts of the Transvaal of millions ot
pounds sterling In gold. They wlU also stand
agape when they hear that "Oom Paul" died
possessed of nearly $5,000,000. That wu go.
ing some for a poor but honest old gentleman.
Society is touched upon in a very clevei
manner in an article called "The Wali
Flower." • —
The methods of the Newspaper Artist sf
League is exposed. •
MUST GIVE BOND.— Arthur Davles. admin
istrator of the estate of Llewellyn Davles. ha*
been cited to show cause to-day why he should
not give a bond in th* sura of $80,000 for the
faithful performance of his duty or be removed
from the office as administrator.
Shattered nerves, weak stomach. in»«
paired digestion and inability to sleep all
disappear when Lass's Bitters are used.*
CHICAGO. Oct. 13.— Herman Haas, forme*
employe of the Corn Exchange National Bank.
w . 1 JS?!L d . efalc * Uons **"• ¦ ald to »m°unt to about
$100,000. was brought back to Chicago to.
day by detectives. Ha was arrested two week*
a£O in Panama.
Tinctured With Add and Wit.
Beating with the waves against a
pile on which was posted a circular
offering a reward of $75 for Its re-,
covery, the body of David S. Sacry
was found yesterday morning floating
in the bay near Fisherman's wharf at
the foot of Powell street. Sacry, who
was a prosperous merchant of Santa
Rosa, jumped off the steamer J. M.
Donahue on October 1. •
Attached to the left wrist of the
corpse was a hand satchel filled with
stones. The features were too badly
decomposed for recognition, but Ihe
initials "D. S. S." were found on the
shirt. The Santa Rosa lodge of Odd
Fellows, of which Mr. Sacry was u
member, had offered a reward of $7u
for the recovery of the body.
Lodged Against a Pile Under a Cir
cular Offering a Reward for
Recovery of Corpse.
DAVID SACRY'S BODY
f OUXD IN THE BAY
RUSH IT. Gabriel Prlniln* Co.. "Print Any
thing." 419 Sacramento *t. Never disappoint.*
Justice Macaulay and Justice Craig
from Dawson City, Yukon Territory,
sat on the bench with Judge Cook
yesterday. They watched with inter
est the trial ot a man charged with
a vicious crime. He was convicted and
sentenced to serve ten years at Fol
som.
Jurists From Dawson City.
Supervisors Continue Attempt to
Prove That tlie Yorke Company's
Bills Are Excessive.
The Supervisors* Finance Commit
tee yesterday resumed its investiga
tion into the bills .of the F. M. Yorke
Company on its contract for repairing
bituminous pavements.
Henry Bladgen, former superintend
ent of the company, who was dis
charged, testified that the concern
had apparatus with which 3000 square
feet of pavement could be laid daily.
The committee figured that at that
rate only 78,000 square feet could
have been laid during the entire
month of August and thought it
strange that bills for the resurfacing
of. 104,000 square feet had been pre
sented by the Yorke Company.
Inspector Botfne testified as to the
method of inspection to ascertain the
quantity and quality of the work done.
City Engineer Woodward was pre
pared to give evidence that the plant
of the company has a capacity of
9000 square feet a day, but he was not
called to the witness stand. Yorke
offered to put down between 6000 and
7000 square feet of 2%-inch bitumen
on the street in front of the Phelan
building at 23 cents a foot, but the of
fer was declined.
The committee concluded its inves
tigation and will file a report with the
board next Monday, as it does not de
sire to hold the bills up any longer
than necessary.
Town Talk.
The literary and news features of this
week's Town Talk are .of exceptional
quality and unusual interest. The Saun
terer deals with some queer aspects of
registration and tells of a dinner given
to Senator Bard at which Collector Strat
ton was a guest. He al3o tells why Sau
salito was interested in the Wood di
vorce case and why the defendant was
reinstated in his position. He explains
the solicitude of Herman Oelrichs'
friends, and why Captain Rowan rebelled
against the strenuous hospitality of his
wife's friends. He tells of a society
girl's romance, gives the details of a Bo
hemian Club contretemps, comments on
a Judge's grewsome stunt at a Cosmos
Club dinner and sheds light on the trans
port frauds. In this breezy number
Theodore Bonnet discusses "The Profes
sional Reformer," Edward Clough con
tinues his castigation of the missiona
ries, that distinguished stylist. Harry
Cornell, writes of "Playing the Fool," and
there is an entertaining illustrated arti
cle of interest to automobile enthusiasts.
Two Sailors Suffocated.
Alturo Cuper and J. Laban, appren
tices on the. Chilean training ship
Baquedano, were overcome by the
fumes of illuminating gas yesterday
morning in a lodging-house at 301
Montgomery avenue and before their
condition was discovered Cuper was
dead and Laban unconscious. Laban
was removed to the Harbor Hospital
and the "body of Cuper was taken to
the Morgue. They engaged the room
and retired between 2 and 3 o'clock in
the morning. At half past 10 o'clock
the landlord, P. Ronoquiere, detected
the odor of escaping gas and forced
an entrance. .
permitted to value their importations
in accordance with the rates of their
competitors in these ' particular in
stances. Whether rebates can be se
cured is an open question.
Through two rulings of the Board of
General Appraisers at New York three
mercantile houses in this city consider
themselves out and Injured in large
amounts as compared with business
competitors who succeeded in getting
comparatively low rates of duty on im
ported bird seed. The difference was
brought about by different methods of
valuation. The story connected with the
transactions is of more than ordinary
interest as it is told by merchants.
S. L. Jones & Co., Maldonado & Co.,
Haas Brothers, Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
and J. H. Boden, the last named being
a broker, imported bird seed in large
quantities on vessels that arrived at
this port in March and April last. S. L.
Jones & Co. had two lots of seed. The
dates of exportation from Liverpool,
which is the bird seed market of the
world, ranged from September 17, 1903.
to December 1, 1903. The vessels ar
rived at this port in March and April,
1904.
There is a customs regulation, one of
many prepared by the Secretary of the
Treasury Department, that provides in
interpretation of the laws governing the
collection of customs duties of the
United States that "it Is the duty of the
Appraiser, or officer acting as such, to
make careful examination of any mer
chandise which the Collector designates
for that purpose and to appraise the
actual market value or wholesale price
thereof at the time of exportation in
the principal markets and in the cur
rency of the country whence the same
was imported." Another provision made
by the Secretary of the Treasury is
that "the time of exportation must be
deemed the date at which merchandise
actually leaves the foreign port."
DIFFERING COURSES.
When the lots of bird seed referred
to arrived at San Francisco the import
ers pursued different courses. S. L.
Jones & Co. after sending a cablegram
to Liverpool to ascertain the regular
market price of bird seed on the sailing
day of the vessel that brought their
imported goods voluntarily raised the
valuation from the rates at which they
bought it to the quoted price on the day
of the sailing of the vessel. This in
volved a difference in the duty of some
thing like $1400. Haas Brothers and
Balfour, Guthrie &- Co. raised the valu
ations on their goods similarly. Maldo
nado & Co. and Boden, when the valu
ation on their bird seed. was raised by
Appraiser John T. Dare, concluded to
fight the matter, out before the Board
of General Appraisers at New York.
The value of bird seed in the Liverpool
market had been rising steadily for
some time before any of the seed in
question was dispatched for this port,
and the differences between _the pur
chase prices and the real market values
on the days of exportation were con
siderable in all the cases in question.
Maldonado & Co. and Boden appealed
from the increase in valuation by the
Appraiser to the Board of General Ap
praisers. On the first hearing of the
facts one member of the Board of Gen
eral Appraisers decided in favor of
Maldonado & Co. and Boden. The case
was then brought up on review before
the Board of General Appraisers by
reason of action at this end of the line,
and the result was that three of the
General Appraisers sustained the opin
ion and decision of the one General Ap
praiser who first considered the matter,
and so it was settled that Maldonado &
Co. and Boden should have their bird
seed at a lower rate of valuation for
the assessment of customs duties than
the other three business houses that
have been named herewith.
CREATES MUCH INTEREST.
There Is much interest in the issue of
the case among commercial houses. By
the lower rates of valuation two houses
are able to make a lower price for bird
seed than their competitors. There Is
some irritation, but as Haas Brothers,
Balfour, Guthrie & Co. and S. L. Jones
& Co. voluntarily raised their own val
uations there has been no appeal on
their part. Possibly some of these three
houses may now present the facts from
their point of view to the Board of Gen
eral Appraisers and ask that they be
The University of California has
been awarded some important prizes
for its exhibits in the Educational
Building. Some of these are supposed
to be grand prizes, though no public
announcement has been made. The
Lick Observatory display and the pho
tographic work in connection with it
are said to have been given the high
est honors.
The forestry exhibit of California, got
together by W. H. Mills, Commissioner
Filcher and Thomas Hatch, has been
awarded a grand prize.
Certain shortcomings in the way of
labeling and preparing wine for ship
ment have been brought prominently
to the front at this fair, and the result
of this will also be a benefit to the in
dustry in California.
Dr. Metz, head of the chemistry de
partment of the Tulane University of
New Orleans, called on Superintendent
Haber of the Calif ornia wine exhibit
this week and expressed his approval
of the vintages of that State by
placin? a large order for his private
callar. He praised the wines highly.
Dr. Metz was in California for seven
teen weeks in the interests of his uni
versity and Louisiana, and was greatly
pleased with the Golden State.
From the wine Jury California will
get four grand prizes, seventeen gold
medals and a score of silver and
bronze medals — a pretty good show
ing.
FOUR GRAND PRIZES.
George E. Hyde and Loyd Childs,
who represent Santa Clara County at
the fair, are working hard to promote
the consumption of prunes and gain
knowledge concerning the Eastern sales
of this fruit. The crowds that gather
to sample the cooked prunes given
away at the Santa Clara booth grow
greater every day. Hyde and Childs
make the statement, which at first
seems funny, that the men who sell
prunes in the East— the retail grocers
are the men who obstruct their sale.
They charge too much for them, and
instead of becoming.a reasonable priced,
popular article of diet the prune
is looked upon by the masses of East
ern people as a luxury. The middle
man in this case is not to blame. The
retailers want too much profit, and
they demand from 12% to 15 cents a
pound for prunes they get for less than
half those prices. If the retail prices
ran nearer the wholesale figures many
more prunes would be eaten, to the ad
vantage of the grower.
Henry I.achman. who gained the title
of "The Peacemaker" during his serv
ice on the international wine jury
here, has .departed for the East and
will soon be back in California, Lach
man has done good work here for his
State. The prestige he gained through
his ability to pour oil on breakers and
smooth out numerous disputes' that
arose among the jurors gave him an
influence that benefited his State
greatly. He also learned many things
here that will be an aid to producers
of and dealers in wine when imparted
to them.
EDUCATE THE PEOPLE.
"People can easily be educated to eat
raisins," said Commissioner Wyer, "and
to use them in a great many dishes
where they are not used now. The con
sumption per capita of raisins can be
greatly raised by proper distribution of
samples."
When the fair first opened strong ef
forts were made to secure 100 tons of
Fresno raisins for distribution to those
who visited it. Some supported and
some opposed the project, and it was
finally dropped despite the advice given
by Charles F. Wyer. the Fresno County
commissioner, that it would be profit
able to carry it out. Now, when the fair
is in its closing weeks, Fresno has de
cided to send the raisins. Commissioner
Wyer has written back that 100 tons
cannot be judiciously distributed at this
late date and that about twenty tons
should be sent. These will be given
away at the Fresno exhibit and at the
California building in quarter-pound
packages.
CALL. BUREAU, PRESS BUILDING.
WORLD'S FAIR, ST. LOUIS, Oct. 13.—
Fresno County, which produces nearly
all the raisins used in the United States
and has more on hand than she can sell
to advantage, has at last awakened to
the importance of advertising her lead
ing product at the fair and getting
samples into the hands" of those who
may become consumers. This county is
preparing to send to the World's Fair
large quantities of raisins to be dis
tributed as aamples.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Oct. 13.— The
will of the late James Callanan, who
recently died leaving an estate of more
than $5,000,000. with no direct heirs, was
filed for probate this afternoon. Most
cf the estate goes to heirs who receive
bequests of from $10,000 to $100,000 each.
One-third of the estate goes to the chil
dren of his sister, Marie Van Anwerp,
who resides at White Hall, N. T. Eliza
beth Callanan of Trenton, N. J., is
given an annuity of $2500 a year.
One of the largest single items is
$100,000 to Booker T. Washington's Tus
kegee Institute.
Numerous other charities are enu
merated, among them the following:
Benedict Home of Des Moines, 510,000;
Iowa Equal Suffrage Association, 53000;
Salvation Army of Des Moines for the
perpetuation of its Rescue Home. $20,
000; Iowa Humane Society. $20,000; Des
Moines College, $5000; Des Moines Home
for Aged, $20,000; Iowa Home for
Homeless Children, $1000; Iowa Hu
mane Society, for Home for Care of
Drunkards and their families. $50,000;
J1000 each to six Des Moines churches;
Lomacks Home for Aged Colored Feo
jle. $5000; American Peace Society of
Boston, $10,000; National Temperance
Society and Publication House, Boston,
S10.000. and the Penn College of Oska
ioosa, $10,000.
BY PAUU EDWARDS.
EpeclaJ Dispatch to The C&1L
General Appraisers at New
York Make Rulings That
Touch on Market Prices
Taste for Fruit and Conse
quent Increase in Demand
to Be Developed by Gifts
Hooker T. Washington's In
stitute at Tuskegee to Re
ceive a Bequest of $100,000
NEGRO SCHOOL OX LIST,
GROWERS ARE AROUSED
ODD STOEY DEVELOPS
.Edward Gallagher and. F. K.' Thomp
son, charged -with "holding ., up" John
Irwin. an agriculturist •* from Antioch,
night : before' last at Third' and *Natoma
streets, smiled hopef ullyj.when' Mr; -Ir
win informed Judge^Mogari that he'tiad
no recollection- of • the \ robbery, as ' he
James Eccles, who stole a saddle
valued a*t $150 from Philip Kirizen of
2729 .Washington : street, .was sent ;to
the Superior Court by Judge Cabaniss.
The charge is , burglary.
• • •
John Scebrtdt — the clerk of Judge
Mogan's court did . not try to pro
nounce the name and Bailiff Hickey
simply sneezed and beckoned to its
owner — was accused of -having dis
turbed the peace, and Patrolman A.
L. Martin testified that he found the
defendant in the act of holding a fel
low seaman in, a horse trough on East
street at 10 o'clock last Wednesday
night.. The trough was about half full
of water and the- officer firmly be
lieved that he rescued the immersed
mariner just in time to save. him from
drowning, as he was lying face down
ward. The 'defendant said he was
drunk and joking when the policeman
stopped his fun, and the Judge said
the climax of the joke will be reached
to-day when he sentences ' Mr. See -
• - •,,-;«
Mrs. Julia Gould, accused of selling
liquor without' license on Stevenson
street, was seized with hiccoughs as
she sat awaiting trial in Judge Mo
gan's court and so much noise did she
make that her removal to the corridor
was ordered by the Judge. When the
case was called, she had not recovered
from the annoying attack and his
Honor gave her twenty-four hours'
respite.
James Hennessey, butcher, hurled
his cleaver at a predatory dog that
was sniffing a dressed carcass .in his
meat market, and so accurate was his
aim that the animal hastily departed
without its caudal appendage. Mr.
Hennessey was fined $20 by Judge Ca
baniss.
• • ?
Mr. Nelson sullenly retuiuied to the
cage, evidently satisfied that the Judge
cannot send him to jail without indi
rectly punishing the helpless creatures
who look to him for their food and
shelter.
"It would give me infinite pleasure,"
said Judge Mogan to Mr. Nelson, "to
be legally authorized to escort you to
a whipping post and there lay about
a hundred lashes upon your naked
back. No other punishment is ade
quate to offset your treatment of the
unfortunate ones that are dependent
upon ySu for maintenance. When you
come here to-morrow for sentence I'll
endeavor to make you regret your in
human treatment of your own flesh
and blood." v
Richard Nelson, a tentmaker,
housed his wife and four small chil
dren in the damp and dingy basement
at 12 Twelfth street and with the
money thus saved he purchased addi
tional liquor. The family's living
place is seven feet from floor to ceil
ing and occupies an area of ten by
ten feet.
Soon after the Superior Court granted
Mrs. Lottie Fritz' petition for divorce
she became Mrs. Lottie Hermann. It
was not without some misgiving, how
ever, that she permitted herself to.be.
led a second time to the hymeneal al
tar. Much as she had learned to ad
mire Mr. Hermann as a wooer her be
lief in the permanency of husbandly
devotion had been somewhat shaken
by her experience as Sirs. Fritz. In
deed, when she decided to take unto
herself a second spouse there was ques
tion in her mind as to whether com
plete felicity could possibly outlive the
honeymoon period of any matrimonial
union. But she was pleased. to inform
Police Judge Cabaniss, before whom
she was charged with battery, that
she had never had occasion to regret
the fateful moment when ' she surren
dered to Mr. Hermann's ardent plead
ing by whispering "Yes." Since then
her life has been very happy. It would
be entirely unshadowed if Mr. Fritz
were to cease persecuting her- Couldn't
the court compel him to let her alone—
to forget her as thoroughly as she fails
to remember him when he is outside
her range of vision, and she is not re
ceiving anonymous letters of which he
is undoubtedly the author?
The specific complaint, sworn to by
Mr. Fritz, accused Mrs. Hermann of
slapping his face in the foyer of the
Central Theater the previous evening.
With her husband the defendant was
attending the playhouse, occupying
two-bit seats and enjoying the drama,
when she was seized with that inde
finable feeling which indicates the pres
ence of an enemy. Intuitively she
knew that Mr. Fritz was near, for no
other person she knew of had desire
to do her injury, and wnen she glanced
around and saw him "lording it in a
box" and malignantly sneering as his
eyes met hers, she was more pained
than surprised. Right there and then
she determined to "have it out with
him" and when the curtain dropped
and he retired to the foyer she followed
him. Taxing him with hounding her
she slapped his cheek with an open
hand. He requested her to repeat the
assault and she promptly complied.
Then he spoiled the remainder of her
evening by giving her into custody.
Mr. Fritz averred that he had never
given the defendant any provocation
whatsoever for her attack upon him.
To which she warmly retorted by de
claring that he had written anonymous
letters intended to blacken her char :
acter. He met the charges by asserting
that he had never learned to write. She
hoped he did not have sufficient hardi
hood to say in presence of the Judge
that his sister was also afflicted with
illiteracy. Instead of saying anything
of the sort he asked her if she had not
written unsigned threats to him. She
dared him to prove it. He might not
be able to prove it, but he did not pro
pose to be lied about by her. If. he
dared to call her a liar she would have
him understand that he was another
'Twas then the court clapped its
hands to its ears and shouted, "Stop
it!" and hastily continued the hearing
thirty days.
W. W. Bates, accused of selling lot
tery tickets at 1312 Market street, of
fered to plead guilty, and pay the cus
tomary fine of $100, but the Judge took
the offer under consideration and in
structed the. complaining policeman to
ascertain, If possible, whether the
tickets found in the . defendant's pos
session were genuine or counterfeit.
Peter Tanner, a bartender, promised
to provide for his sick wife and infant
child if Judge Mogan would release
him and the Judge allowed him to go
on probation.
Tim Mulvihill and. his wife, residing
on Chenery street, were deprived of
the custody of their two young chil
dren by order of Judge Cabaniss, to
whom it was proved that the little
ones were shamefully neglected' by
their parents. The children were con
signed to a public institution.
• • •
Mrs. Henrietta Haswell of 133 Polk
street applied to Judge-, Mogan for a
warrant charging Mrs. Ad'air of Fruit
vale with having kidnaped the com
plainant's seventeen-year-old - daugh
ter, Monica. The girl left her home
two weeks ago in company with Mrs.
Adair and has not since been" seen by
her mother, nor can her whereabouts
be discovered by the detectives,, who
are searching for her. Mrs. Adair told
the Judge that she parted company
with Monica on Market street and does
not know what became of her "after
ward. It developed that the missing
girl was nearlng maternity when she
left home. The warrant was not is
sued.
A jury in Judge Mogan's court ac
quitted Philip Delia of the charge of
selling unsound meat, which; has been
hanging over him since last June. The
defense convinced the twelve good and
true men that Mr. Delia did not at
tempt to sell the meat, but simply
slaughtered and dressed "it and deliv
ered it to another butcher at Colma. • -
Mrs. Giuseppl Spitelari, failing.. to
clinch an accusation of, mayhem
against her husband, substituted a
charge of battery and announced her
intention of pushing it to the limit of
her ability. She is an Italian and had
been separated from her spouse for
some time when, she alleges, he called
at her home, 1108 Kearny street, and
demanded that she give him $20. When
she declined to comply he roujjhly
seized her, threw her violently to the
floor, and in- attempting to break the
fall she broke a bone • in her right
wrist. He says he is a fisherman, but
she declares he is a vagrant. Judge
Cabaniss has the case.
was very drunk when it occurred. But
their countenances fell when Patrolmen
Heinrichs and Smith said they had a
witness named John Barrett, who saw
the footpadry and would identify the
defendants as its perpetrators. The
hearing was continued until" Mr. Bar
rett can be produced in court.' • ¦
THEATER SCENE NOT ON BILL
Business Houses Concerned
in ; Valuation' on Lots of
Canary Birds' Provender
Product of Fresno County
Will Be Given Away to the
Visitors to St. Louis Pail-
Will of Multi-AIillionaire
Gives Part of Big Estate
to Deserving Institutions
Mrs. Hermann Resents Sneers
ASSAILS HER FORMER SPOUSE
SEED DECISION
MAKES A STIR
CHARITY GAINS
BY HIS DEATH
FREE RAISINS
AT EXPOSITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14/ 1904.
RICHMOND, Vsl, Oct. 13.— Miss
Uc3tio\ Stone and: Robert * Gill, who
eloped from Ashland Tuesday, were
found dead ne tr a- pond in that .vi
cinity to-day by a searching: party.
Their hands wer.» , clatped and a bul
let hole In the*hea\lof each tola the
s'.ory of double *iticide or-murder'and
siJcide. •.¦'.¦ f ¦'¦¦•"
Bodies of Young Man and Woman
Who Recently xaoped' Found .
Near a Pond.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ON THE SAFETY OF OVER-
EATING.
The Rule of Choosfmr the Ijesser of
Two Evils Applies to the
Way You Eat.
I want to know how a man is to
know when he has had enough.
The Pilgrim Fathers. I believe, had
a quaint saying to the effect th^t you
i-hculd always rise from the table feel-
ing as if you could eat some more.
But the Question is, how much more?
Just when to stop?
That's the point.
The rule is wrong, because it is no
rule at alL
It is inexact and unscientific.
It is likely to lead to the dangerous
habit of eating too "?*'».
And eating toe little— or digesting too
little, which amounts to- the same thing
— is the cause of nine-tenths of the dis- :
*-a?es from which humanity suffers to-
day.
What is disease?
It is simply uneven balance between
¦waste and repair.
Some organ lacks strength to carry
on the special work for which it was
created- ,
Where shall It find the strength It
lacks?
In drugs?
Ten thousand times, NO!
Better die than become a hopeless
drug fiend.
No; in food.
"But," you say, "I eat a plenty of
good food every day!"
True, dear friend; but you don't di-
gest it.
And food, undigested. Is mere poi-
son.
So, to make food do you good, you
must take Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
The great thing about Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets is that their action does
not depend upon stimulative druggery.
They cannot create a habit.
They contain no ingredients to "pick
you up." "tone up your nervous sys-
tem" or furnish whip energy, by calling
•tit your vital reserve force.
They create new strength, force and
energy — out of your food.
If taken starving:, they will do you
no good at all.
So, eat to live and live to eat with
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. '¦¦';. ¦/''¦
The curse of our present civilization
is exhaustion.
And exhaustion, whether of brain,
nerves, physical strength or vital force,
is caused by starvation.
Of two evila. it Is better to overeat
(ar.d prevent indigestion with Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets) than to rise from
the table not having eaten enough to
repair the exhaustion of your vital
forces.
For exhaustion or starvatio,n leads to
the most varied forms of sfekness or
disease, brought on by inability of the
weakened vitality to counteract the
disease — poisons and microbes
Whereas, the well-fed and well-nour-
ished person, without ever feeling the
v/orse for it, can expose himself to dan-
gers, the mere thought of which would
drive the weak, starveling dysneDtic
into a panic flL
Good food, well digested, is the great
secret of a healthful existence here on
earth-
So eat heartily, every day, of the best
food you can gret and regulate the
working of your digestive machinery
with Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
As a result, you will be astonished to
find how much stronxer and livelier you
feel, how much more and better work
you can do, how much more pleasure
you Tv-fll get out of life and how your
old enemy, that chronic trouble which
has fastened upon your weak spot,
wherever it is. will up arid away and
ever after leave you In peace, health
and comfort.
There's more truth than poetry In all
this. '• »
Try It once.'-.
_ : ___- PRAGERS
Friday Surprise No. 14
Prices for To-Day Only:
Wool Sacking Women's Pants (& Vests
r A ? yard—For to-day we have The8e g arment8 are raadft of
50c §s? s2*& ini &£3 35c combed Maco cotton - with
It from 65c a yard. It is a */t/w extra heavy fleecing; combl-
beautiful material and comes in * nation rib. The front of th«
navy and gray colors tefts „ flnJghed wUh a
Panne Zlbllene band and pearl buttons; the Veata
A< A - a yard — This is our resr- are cut high neck and have Ion*
>1 fill £ lar $1 5 ,A u , alIty . Bla =£ sleeves: Pants are ankle length and
Vl.UU £!»« w^»-- £ e 5 O | come in gray only. Real value 60<,
the most popular materials for suits _ _ .
and skirts. . ( Lace Insertions
CUShlOn TopS & yard— Thousands of yards of
il Gibson Cushion Tops, ready (I/* well made Point de Paris Lac«
H * for outlining; they come in Jlj Edgings and Insertions to
I V Pretty shades of tan and match. They come In all th«
green and various subjects. handsomest patterns, such as bow
This has been reduced for this Frl- knots, ribbons, rose, tulip and othar
day Surprise Sale from 25c. floral designs. The Edgings ar«
' m:ii:_~.«.. c__.. 9 ~ from 2 to 7 inches wide; Insertions
Millinery OlirpriSeS from I to !!i inches wide. Ar«
Oc—Chenille Braid— all colors. worth lSc 20c and 25c a yard. ; ;
Oc — Pompons — 2 in a bunch.
tl OK tnSSgr&ZTL alf ?£ Embroideries
$ l '" Q Sn^-in^veJS m * ?*-™? d V^lJK
Women's Neckwear price you can buy a nine-Inch cam-
H«rJ.= r.rfttJ^toTir™ brlc and str°ns muslin Embroidery
mm Here is a P/etty Stock Col- Edging in either blind or openwork
7hr la J. made of silk and finish- pat terns. These are the styles that
LvV ed , t^ t the top , u n . *}} 0^ make Pretty ruffles for skirts. AH
with one row of briar stitch- of our 25Ct 35c and 5Oc good3 nave
ing and a medallion tab of the same. been reduced t o this one price,
studded with tiny steel beads. The "
colors are black, blue, pink and ••¦¦»•
white. This stock sells ordinarily NeW rail
at 50c. »«s»t *•%*** wv««»fc»
lUicrtit Itooccoc it\ These "Waists include all the
fllgni VreSSeS iQ- newest fall ideas in light
__- These "Women's Night *fyL weaves and dark colors. The
7V/^ Gowns are made of a splen- fronts are made with me-
I OL dld grade of Flannelette and dium and wide pleats. They have
are unusually well sewed. the new stock collar. French back
The yoke Is trimmed with narrow and new sleeves. There are all sizes,
braid to match the striped goods; The regular selling price of these
they are cut extra long and full, and Waists is $1.00. but they have been
come in light stripes. Regular value reduced for this great Friday Sur-
is 11.00. . prise Sale. i*f.P\
, 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^U
* ALL THE SHOPPING INDUCEMENTS THAT HAVE
MADE THIS STORE POPULAR ARE STILL HERE.
¦ • r ; __;_; , ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
mmmm Extra! Extra! Extra!
PAIR OF PANTS FREE
jJE^teffi SSg«»mK Saturday and Monday, ffjg^
p^^^^^^^^fC^ppK^^^^li Genuine Imported Goods, Black Unfinished Worsteds, Black and "Blue Clay Worst"ds
p£ :^^' ?^B^f^i^M8BKi Black Cheviot, also Scotch Tweeds, in all their latest shades and patterns. Browns in io different
/ HBP^BWP^i» rtBJBBMS shades - We wil1 make an y OI these up in Sack Suits, Double-Breasted Suits, Cutaway Frocks or
Single-Breasted Prince Alberts. With an extra pair of Pants Free.
'raM^^'— i'^Mp^^-- Remember, you get an extra pair of Pants free with every Suit or Overcoat you order
P^yBKfgp^l^^S I NOW FOR FULL DRESS SUITS and DOUBLE BR r a stbt, pp imp p
w* 11 Silk-line any of these without, ony extra charge
|^^P^8^^:^ V " P| ; 1 2 STORES ~ 1009 Market St., San Francisco. 1054 Washington St., Oakland.
' -, "~~~~ * ' """'* T\ _ Two .Tpns:of Prunes -Giverr Away Free Saturday and Monday.Don't sleep with your head out
side the window if there's a
draught.
Don't proclaim your habit of
never wearing an overcoat when
the thermometer is below zero.
People will only call you a liar
behind your back.
summer.
Don't arrogantly pooh-pooh
your neighbor because he tells
you he Is wearing his winter un
derwear, and boast of not having
yet done so when you know that
you wear the same winter and
Don't catch cold.
DON'TS FOR FALL
AT THE MUSICALE.
A number of Roman bricks, bear
ing the stamps of the Tenth and Thir
teenth Legion, have been discovered
in the course of some excavations in
the Graben, the chief street in Vienna.
A CALL' DOWN.
Traveler— Is this really Yellowstone
Park? / .
Guide— I hope you don't \ think I'd
ringln a substitute on;you^:J..^;
Jlggs— Every time I . go along this
road'at night I am startled. by , the ap
parition'of-a! Jackass. '
Jaggs— You -ain't the only ; man who
sets frightened at bis own'; shadow. .
.'iShe— I guess those two men over
there who are so engaged in their con
versation are discussing some ' musical
question.
He-^Don't .' you believe ¦ it. They're
awapplngjgolf stories. :^V." V vi:
Owl's. heads have attained such. an
extended vogue that they will soon be
looked 'upon as "ordinary" and set
asid^ by most of the fashionable mil
liners. Just, now, however, . they are
seen on . . some v :-y ; smart hats which
have been worn for several months.
OWLS' HEADS ON HATS
BFrom Maiden, Mass., comes the story that Toe Walcott, pug, has
.niuounced his candidacy for Mayor of that aristocratic village. Will
he be forced to make ringside weight before the campaign opens
., ¦ — ?— — — — - '¦ ¦ • •'."•"
Only six men were shot, in the Maine woods during the deer
A Chicago pastor has given his full and unreserved sanction to
the gentle pastime of flirting in church, urging as a reason for so
doing his belief that in the intervals of love-making a religious in
fluence may creep into the attuned hearts. The milk in this cocoanut
must be an increase in the number of wedding fees anticipated. >
Veils are so persistently worn that
they have really become part of the
hat and it is not unusual to see a mil
liner arranging a perfectly matched
veil over a new hat before It leaves
her shop. Her clever fingers can adjust
the folda more gracefully than an In
experienced hand could.
VEILS.
GLUCOSE— Mrs. H. F., Knob. Cal.
Glucose is the name applied to a class
of sugars similar In chemical composi
tion, but differing in some of their
properties. In Its more limited significa
tion it Is applted to dextrcse and lavoul
ose. which occur naturally together in
acid fruit and in honey. These sugars
are known as fruit sugar, grape su?ar.
honey sugar," etc. Glucose Is manufac
tured on a large scale In Europe and in
the United States frora starch.
PAWNBROKER- A. S.. Cltv. The
Penal Code. of California savs that a
pawnbroker who charges more, or re
ceives more, than 2 per cent on loans
is guilty of a misdemeanor.
PRINTING— A. G., San Colombano.
Chiavari. Italy. The honor of the In
vention of printing from block has been
awarded to Laursnxes John Koster of
Haarlem. 143$. The art of printing with
cut metal types was discovered by John
Guttenberg in 1150.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
A RETORT COURTEOUS.
Tartan tweeds are quite the latest
for autumn tailor-mades in blue and
green, brown and yellow, and quiet
mixtures.
Broadtail velvet, which Is really a
crushed velvet, Is one of the coming
stuffs for outer wraps.
Many cloth and velvet gowns have an
introduction of beaver used about the
corsage and eleeves, while one well
known furrier sho'. . a few attractive
Ipng-basqued coats In dyed moleskin,
which might easily be mistaken for
sealskin, but with a much more bril
liant.sheen. The coat was light, warm
and attractive, besides being extremely
becoming. Ermine is being used again,
combined with beaver or sable, while
chinchilla Is likely to be worn much
more than it was last winter. Lace is
being used on fur models, but more as
a plaited lining at the base of shoulder
capes or sleeves.
FURS AS TRIMMINGS.
furnished any individuals noted for apparent aberration of mind.
In politics Central Nebraska has contributed to public life Mr. Bryan,
old Crazt Horse and Stinking Water Jim, all of whom represented
the State in Congress, and each one had a fad or a fancy that was
strongly influenced by the moon. One of the Western Kansas dis
tricts is represented in Congress by the very level headed Mr. Cal
derhead, an original sound money man, who stands for good, strong
North American common sense. Another district that runs clear
to Colorado has long kept as its representative in Congress Mr.
Rccdcr, who is an exceptionally sane and able man.
" Jerry Simpson arid" Carrie Nation, Governor St. John, Jennison
the jayhawker and Jim Lane, were all from Eastern Kansas, and
if they represented the sanest people of that State the whole coun
try will be surprised. The Iowa professor will have to revise himself
a<= a jury de. lunatico inquirendo, and keep out of Western Kansas
until he corrects his conclusions.
A HISTORY professor in Iowa has informed his class that on
account of its geography all Western Kansas is more than
half the time crazy. This expert should submit a bill of par
ticulars. Western Kansas, in its topography and physical character
istics, docs not differ perceptibly from the adjoining portion of
Eastern Colorado, and all of its features are extended northward to
Western Nebraska.
The professor has been in Western Kansas and professes to
give the result of his observations. We do not think they are of
anv value. Neither Western Kansas nor Western Nebraska has
GEOGRAPHY AND LUNACY.
Don't forget that while you are mak
ing love to a face you will live with a
mind.
Before you quarrel always stop to
consider whether you can afford it.
Promise as much as you can perform,
and as much more as she would like
you to.
Love is a disease. See to It that you
have an incurable case.
Platonic friendship often ends In an
aisle.— The Twentieth Century Home.
The London News is responsible for
this: The donkey who was a connois
seur in tobacco must look to his laur
els. "In Aden." says a correspondent,
"I once saw a young Momali bull that
not only chewed lighted cigarettes but
also washed this meal down with half
a pint of neat rum. 'Tommy' (the ball's
"name) was the property of Captain
Craig, the skipper of the local steamer
Falcon. He was liked on board and
was, despite his dissipated habits, a
great favorite with the, native crew."
ON COURTSHIP
BULL CHEWS TOBACCO
Good eight, mamma; papa. too.
One more day they've lived for you]
One more day of Joy la done.
One more nif ht of peace is won.
Now the shadows round us sweep.
You can, smiling, slip asleep.
Into sleep we softly slide
When the heart Is satisfied.
Yes. you've bad a happy day —
Cheery work and gladsome play:
And as darkness gathers deep
You can. smiling — s-l-i-p— a-s-1-e-e-p.
— Alex Jeffrey, in October St. Nicholas.
Live, my child, so that each day
Brings its share of work and play;
So that you can truly tell
There are some who love yon well:
So that when night's shadows creep
You. can. smiling, slip asleep.
SMILING SUP ASLEEP.
The digits are treated to new shades
in coverings and the wearing of white
gloves is on the wane. They are su
perseded by very pale gray and light
tans, worn with the modish elbow
sleeves, even when the costume Is white
or of some pale color.
One is rather inclined to deplore the
passing of the white glove, for In sum
mer or winter they gave such a festive
air to a. somber toilet and then femi
ninity will have no excuse for the don
ning of slightly soiled gloves. Her old
excuse in the case of the white glove
was, "Just look, my dear, at these
soiled gloves, and it's the second time
I've worn them!" This plea was lovely,
was convenient, but 'tis past.
ABOUT WHITE GLOVES.
Without inviting discusskn of this
thorny question, I may say, writes La
bouchere In London Truth, that my
own opinion is — supposing anybody
wants it— that a husband's rights are
what he can get. My view' of a wife's
rights is the same. Whether it is wise
for either party to get all that he (or
she) can Is a question of expediency, to
be decided according to circumstances
and Individual inclination. The govern
ing principle of the situation is that
when two people ride the same horse
one must ride behind. The question,
therefore, whene-er a conflict of rights
arises, is whether the front seat is
worth fighting about and, If so, how
long and how hard.
A London paper quotes a shopgirl as
saying that the English woman can gen
erally be persuai 1 to take this or
that whether she wants It or not and
that she does not often see that she
gets value for her money. The t English
are also courteous' and considerate. It
appears that Americans, on the. other
hand, give the greatest trouble of all;
they are afraid of being cheated, they
want to make sure before they buy that
they could 'not get the same thing for
less money elsewhere and they are
never courteous. . As 6hoppers, It is
French women, however, who command
the greatest admiration, we are told.
They always know exactly what they
want and will take nothing else.
SHOPPING TRAITS.
MATRIMONIAL RIGHTS.
The long shoulders of the moment
sometimes give a lot of trouble to the
amateur dressmaker. The correct way
to fit them is to put the underpart in
first. Tack the full portion of the
sleeves into small plaits and make
them perfectly fit the size of the arm
hole. The effect is prettier If the plaits
are loosened after the bolero is fitted,
but if desired they can be left stitched
for a few inches from the armhole.
There are many devices for obtaining
the long shoulder effect without actu
ally cutting the long seam, which is
so difficult. For example, embroidery
and lace can be arranged so as to have
the points running down over the top
of the arm and this will be found very
effective.
AN Oakland paper begs to assure The Call that that city does not
desire annexation to San Francisco, and is doing quite well go
ing it alone. We are glad of this and have to advise our
neighbor to give that fact as wide publicity as possible, to counteract
the effect of the bond election. After all, the bonding propositions,
except one, received a majority of the votes cast, and that majority
is a leaven that ought to cause Oakland to rise. While we think
that the city erred in listening to appeals to prejudice and passion to
defeat the improvement bonds, we stand ready to help a recovery
from the bad effects of that act. If Oakland will learn to pull to
gether and will pull wisely, it will not lack friends willing to help.
Nothing that may be said now will change the opinion of the
friends of progress, nor reverse their conclusion that a great mis
take has been made. If the city thrive and grow and property ap
preciate in spite of the blunder, it will be evidence of great and in
herent strength, and of capacities that deserve better treatment than
sodden and sordid opposition to sewers, schools, parks and more
wharfage.
Incidentally we may remark that such a city deserves some
thing better in public buildings than a city hall that resembles the
shack of a widow whose children have run away with a circus, and
a city jail that is condemned by the Board of Health. Still we
hope that bad officials will be kept out of the city hall and good citi
zens out of the city jail, and that Oakland will some time wake up
and shake herself and put her hat on straight, and appear to the
world as the professional beauty she ought to be. The rebuke of a
friend is kind, and if we have uttered anv it is of that sort.
in this country and in England. We
are always reading accounts of her
beauty and charm.
. One night last week a person re
marked, "Do you see that young
woman in the white waist? Well,
that is Mrs. Ladenburg, the great
belle."
HOW TO FIT A SLEEVE
OAKLAND'S CASE.
She wasn't extravagantly dressed.
You all probably have dresses very
much on the same order.
She wore a pretty, well-fitting cloth
skirt, a dainty white wash waist and
a white straw hat with pale blue
coque plumes.
That all sounds very simple, does
it not?
The costume suited to perfection
Mrs. L»adenburg*s earnest, sweet, un
affected face. Her hair was drawn
back in soft waves from her brow —
no hard, shiny or untidy pompadour
disfigured her. '{ -
Her dress, though simple, was put
on with the greatest care. There was
not one single conspicuous item about
herentire costume. . --¦
If you would be popular, girls, bear
in mind that nothing takes better
than simplicity, freedom from affecta
tion and neatness.
The beauty of neatness is a beauty
that no girl can afford to -despise.
Some of the present-day fashions
are not especially neat, and they hap
pen to be styles that appeal much to
the soul of woman.
But they are styles that require
to be modeled of the very best ma
terial.
There are some sweet, plump, rosy
faced women, moving down a sunny
slope just the other side of middle life,
who will rejoice exceedingly over the
new fashion for old-fashioned bonnets.
They have been yearning for the re
vival of this pretty headgear and may
now find it in various styles in exhibits
of Paris millinery.
But this year's bonnets are not
wholly for these peaceful ladies who
walk in - pleasant places. Bonnets are
in vogue: again for various occasions.
for theaters, for concerts, for visiting,
for all times when a huge picture hat
would seem out of place.
Cream Pie— Put a pint of milk in a
double boiler, let it come to a boil; beat
together the yolks of two eggs, one
half cupful of sugar and two table
spoonfuls of flour; stir this into the
boiling milk, cook until thick; Savor
with lemon: line a pie plate with rich
crust and bake; pour the boiled custard
into the crust, spread over it a frosting
made of the beaten whites of the eggs
and a tablespoonrul of sugar: put tha
pie back in the oven and brown.
"Walnut Cake— Half cup of butter, on«
of sugar, three egg yolks and two egg
whites well beaten, one-half cup of
milk, cup and a half of flour, two small
teaspoonfuls of baking powder, three
quarter cup of walnut meats broken la
pieces. Cream the butter and sugar,
add the walnut meats, eggs and milk.
Sift the flour and baking powder to
gether; bake in a sheet forty-five min
utes. Cover with a cream made of onei
cup of sugar, one-half teaspoonfol va
nilla, one-third of a cap of water and
one egg -white, boll sugar and watea
till it threads, pour the syrup slowly;
into the beaten -white of the ess: beat
until cool enough to spread, then add
the flavoring. A square of chocolate
may be added If a chocolate frosting
Is desired.
Lemon Rice Pudding— Put one-third
of a cuj of well-washed rice into one
quart of milk and cook until very soft;
add to it while hot the yolks of two
eggs, four tablesDOonfuis of sugar, the
grated rind of two lemons and a little
salt; thi3 should only be a little thicker
than boiled custard; turn Into a pud
ding dish, beat the whites to a ttitt
froth, with six tablespoonful3 of pow
dered sugar and the Juice of one and a
half lemons; spread this over the pud
ding and brown delicately in the oven;
serve very cold.
PIE, CAKE, PUDDING.
PICTURE BONNETS.
You have all heard about Mrs. La
denburg, the beautiful young society
woman who Is a reigning belle both
"There is nothing so pretty and
smart on a girl," said one of them,
''as a. shirt waist suit.. It/ always looks
so ship-shape and neati" •
Of course, you may not all care, for
shirt waist suits; this is merely men
tioned as an example and suggestion.
There are many styles that are equally
simple and neat.
5DMETHING neat and simple,
without any frills and flying
ends, but above all things,
neat."
That was the united answer
of half a dozen men to whom there
was put the question, "How do you
like to see a girl dress?" says a
writer in the Pittsburg Press.
They were all men who knew what
they were talking about, and whose
opinion was worth paying attention to.
wifl probably' stick to the fussy, elab
orate style, but If you dress to please
men you will keep to the simple, more
quiet styles.
Above all things, men admire neat
ness. No matter how handsome a
shirt waist may be. if it is soiled it
has no beauty in a man's eyes. He
would far rather see you in a.98-cent
muslin waist that was fresh and clean.
Don't forget; dear girls, that if you
are pretty it is a shame to mar your
beauty by untidiness, and if you are
plain you absolutely dare not be un
tidy.
So, you see, there is no escape. You
just must be neat.
When reproduced in poorer fab
rics they look very fine for the first
few wearings, and after that they
quickly go to pieces.
If, then, you can't afford the ex
pensive fabrics, why not be content
with the more simple fashions and not
try to imitate all the frills and puffs
and fallals that we see on so many
gowns this year?
To no one woman in ten la this
ornate style becoming. •
Plain, simple lines are always more
becoming than broken effects.
.'.If you dress to please women you
THE BEAUTY OF NEATNESS
velopment is by plan and design.
The men of business and the commercial organizations of this
city have been foresighted in the matter, of increasing our water
front facilities, by seawall extension. By their urgency the last
Legii-lature submitted to the voters a proposition to issue bonds for
the $2,000,000 required to extend the seawall. This is a loan to the
water front, to be repaid out of its revenues, by rentals. It does not
increase the State debt, nor impose any additional tax upon the peo
ple. The bonds are a lien on the income of the water front only. The
necessity for the issue and the need of the improvement it will make
are certified by both of the political parties of the State. Their con
ventions indorsed the proposition and called on the voters to affirm
it at the election next month. The candidates, speakers and com
mittees of the two parties should not forget the matter, but should
make its advocacy a feature in their campaign. They control the
means of publicity. They reach nearly every voter in the State, and
all citizens will be impressed by the spectacle of the two rival
parties agreeing upon a matter of the highest economic importance to
the State. Let it be made plain that every citizen has a very direct
interest in the building of the seawall.
When the Panama canal is built, the all water means of export
and import to distant markets will favorably affect every producer in
California, provided we have adequate shipping facilities here, other
wise we must lose instead of gain by the building of the canal.
SAX FRAN'CISCO is ambitious to maintain her commercial pn
n'.acy of the Pacific. To do *o requires something more than
the desire. Wishes and emotions; dreams and visions, will not
«io it. Korean any city count on its natural position, upon the pre
cise spot it occupies on the map. Other spots, not as favorably sit
uated, arc apt to exert themselves and by art overcome the de
merits of 'location. Sixty years ago it would have been a wild
pucsscr who guessed that a city would rise on the noisome marshes
around Fort Dearborn that would eclipse Milwaukee, and become
r.ut only the great city of the lakes, but one of the great cities of the
uxirld. The task was accomplished in spite of mud and mire-
San Francisco has every advantage of situation to control the
commerce of the Pacific, but she needs amplification of facilities to
accommodate that commerce. These must be provided on the water
front, where at present the dock facilities are ancient, out of date,
inadequate and incompetent to meet the demand upon them. We are
getting, in the Pacific fleet, some of the greatest steamers in the
world. Our docks are so insufficient that these great ships can only
run a :kjsc into them, and commerce is restrained and the cost of
business increased by the difficulties of discharging and taking cargo.
The wharves, in fact, are so crowded that economical handling of
merchandise is impossible. I
It we arc to hold on to the commerce we have and get the
r.aiural increase which is in sight, we must increase the facilities of
our water front. There is only one way to do this. The seawall
must be extended to completion. This requires the making of nearly
s mile of wall, at a cost of $2,000,000. The facilities added to our
water front by this improvement will bring in a rental of $60,000
a year. It will furnish adequate berths for the largest ships, with
ample wharf room for the speedy and economical handling of car
goes. It will put San Francisco in condition to take care of the
rapidly expanding commerce of the Pacific.
The whole State is interested in this improvement. The factor
ing of the products of the State is done in San Francisco. This city
and this State have interdependent interests, which must flourish
or must fade together. One cannot wane and the other wax. They
must rise or fall together. The retention of commerce by a seaport
lhat has rivals requires a ceaseless watchfulness. In trade nothing
happens. The world of commerce is not a chance world. Its de-
OUR HARBOR AND TRADE.
The first important luncheon event of
the season was given yesterday after
noon by Mrs. Willian/G. Irwin in honor
of her sister-in-law, Mrs. Richard Ivers
of Honolulu. The table, at which
eighteen guests were seated, was artis
tic in its decoration. The guests were
Mrs. Ivers, Mrs. William Hinckley
Taylor, Mrs. Robert Oxnard. Mrs. Hen
ry T. Scott, Mrs. R, Schwerin. Mrs.
Hyde-Smith, Mrs. William S. Tevis,
Dr. Arnold Genthe will soon return
to town from hi3 tour through Europe.
We may expect to hear of a new and
unique collection of curios and bric-a
brac, for Dr. Genthe is a connoisseur
in these matters.
The Century Club rooms were filled
to overflowing yesterday afternoon
j with society's youth and beaut y. whose
interest in the welfare of ' the
! San Francisco Maternity Hos-
I pital was unmistakable. The re
! ception-rooms and auditorium were
I thrown together -and the assemblage of
I 200 women, beautifully gowned, was a
! picture to delight the eye. Forty tables
1 were provided with score cards; twen-
I ty-five were devoted to seven-handed
euchre, the others given over to bridge
whist. Animation lighted the entire
j scene, over which the patronesses pre
sided so gracefully. Interest . in the
game waxed with the afternoon, until a
] late hour proclaimed the following win
j ners: In the euchre games there were
'• six prizes, won by Mrs. W. H. Mills,
i Miss Cotton, Mrs. Hopkins. Miss Bor
• rowe. 'Mrs. James Alva Watt and Mrs.
'¦ Judge MacFarlane. Those of the bridge
! whist games were allotted to Mrs. Tril
1 ley, Mrs. Lund, Miss Minnie Martin,
I Mrs. Edwin Newhall, Mrs. Van Wyck
and Mrs. L. L. Baker. The entire super
vision and management which brought
so successful an outcome, socially and
j financially, were in the control of these
j charitable women: Mrs. Frederick
[ Hewlett. Mrs. John Casserly, Mrs. Tul-
J loch, Mrs. James A. Cooper, Mrs. James
j Robinson. Mrs. Pelham Ames. Mrs.
i Henry Foster Dutton, Mrs. Adam An
drew. Mrs. J. K. Wilson. Mrs. H. H.
Bancroft, Mrs. Charles W. Slack. Mrs.
W. D. Fennimore and Mrs. Harry Gray.
To-nfght the hospital will benefit by
the Fannie Francisca concert, to be
J given at the St. Francis.
George Crocker will arrive in San
Francisco within the week from New
York.
) To-morrow Wigginton Creed will
lead to the altar Miss Isabel Hooper.
These two young people are Ieadera
among the exclusives of Oakland so
ciety and unusual interest is attached
to the coming nuptials. Last week
Mr. Creed bade good by to his bachelor
life at a dinner amid those friends
whom Dan F. Belden gathered for tha
occasion. Harry St. Lawrence Farr,
Walter Starr. William G. Cooke. Ro
land Oliver. Dan F. Belden, Dr. Percy
GaskilL
Miss Beatrice Fife i3 preparing ti
entertain her friends extensively this
season and soon will be hostess at a
tea in her California street home.
Miss Ruth McNutt has returned from
Santa Barbara.
The wedding of Miss Charlotte Moul
der to Charles Carter Nicholls will tak*
place at the home of me bride's par
ents on October 25. Mrs. Corvell, a sis
ter of Miss Moulder, will be matron
of honor and William Wood will serv^
the groom as best man. A few friend3
only have been asked to witness the
ceremony, which will be performed by
Archbishop Riordan.
Mr- and Mrs. Robinson Reilly and
Mr. and Mrs. Ashlon Potter will soon
leave town for a trip through the Ea3i
and Europe.
?.Ir. and Mrs. William Sanders, with
their daughter, Mrs. Johnson, have ar
rived in town from the exposition. Mrm.
Johnson will spend a few day3 here
before returning to Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Peixotto are at
the Palace, where Mrs. Peixutto is re
ceiving cordial attention from her hus
band's many friends, who have hasten
ed to extend a welcome to the young
bride.
Mrs. Frederick Kohl. ' Mr?. Richard
Ivers Jr.. Mrs. Samuel Boardman. Mr3.
Xorris Davis. Mrs. J. Downey Harvey,
Mrs. Mountford S. Wilson. Mrs. Robert
NuttallT Mrs. Chauncey U. Winslow anJ
Mrs. Dixwell Hewitt-
WOLF CAN'T REACH THEM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO_CALL
.•OHX I>r SPRECKELS Proprietor
AtUHtKF* ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO
MHV Mr.XArCIIT . . . .- - Mnn ?*_?
:• Fi'-«Tinx orrrr tkirt» >\n iiAi»KrrvTRF:rr> »»v rB ' v """" |
frTdayTT ; . % . TrrrTTocTOBER i*. 1 90* !
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, „ 1904.
BY SALLY SH0RP.
THE SMART SET
Don't kick at the Janitor for be
ing dilatory in supplying steam
heat. He is to be mollified, not
persecuted. Go and play freeze
out somewhere else.
Don't curse Thanksgiving and
Christmas days. Granted they
are nuisances, yet a cheerful out
ward aspect has been known to
meet with pecuniary guerdon.—
Town Topics.
8
Townscnd's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market sC
On November 1. 1904, will be advanced
10c per Ib. Holiday orders received op to
* that date at present price, , *
Special Information supplied dally f»
business houses and public mea by tat
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 239 Cai«
Itorola Street T*lex>hon« Main 1042. *CIS Market street
This Is tse best season of the year at Hotel
Del Monte. The eolf coarse was never greener.
S&tsrdar to Monday tickets, includinc; railway
fare and two days' board at the hotel, sold by
the Southern Pacific for $10. Ask agents at
Best Time at Del Monte.
Walter Grant Ross, who has been
prominently connected with the trans
port service . for the last two years,
was the guest of honor last night at
a farewell banquet given at a down
town restaurant. He will depart for
his home in Boston Sunday evening.
The banquet was enlivened by music,
speeches and . songs. Among ' those
present were - Philip Paschel, . H. W.
McLeod, James Plunkett of New York,
O. W. Stine, M. J. Peter
Weeks, Dr. Palmer Dunbar, Lieuten
ant Ernest Fuchs, Walter Quick. J. W.
Hicks, E. A. Davis, William Corbett,
William Newcomb. J. M. Cline and
William Roberts. . f, 1
Walter Grant Ross Is Honored at a
Farewell Banquet- Given by "
His Friends.
A woman makes trouble for herself
having children, but it keeps her out
of lots of other trouble.
SPEED PARTING GUEST WITH
MUSIC, SPEECHES AND SOXGS
Immaculate Conception Booth Pre
sents a Capital Programme and
Gives an Enjoyable Dance.
An entertainment griven last evening
in Golden Gate Hall by the Immacu
late Conception booth in aid of St.
Rose's fair was greatly enjoyed by a
large attendance. The programme
•was as follows: v
Remarks by chairman. M. F. Brennan; piano
solo (left band only). Miss A. Miller; recita
tion. Miss Mae O'Keefe; vocal solo. Mrs. M. F.
Brennan; violin selections. Miss Gertrude Bar
duhn; tenor solo. Fred Everett; whistling. Miss
Hilda Echkslnper; guitar selections. W. Her
rick; Golden City Quartet— N. Cheney. B.
Hawks. W. Hunt and J. Anderson: duet, se
lected. Miss Marie Geortiana and Mrs. M. F.
Brennan; humorous selection, A. Newman.
At the conclusion of the musical
programme there 'was dancing, Wil
liam Harrison acting as floor manag
er and J. Landers Jerg as assistant
floor manager. The following com
posed the general committee:
Miss M. F. Walsh. Mrs. David Kenny. Miss
Jennie Byrne. Mlssea Faulkner. Mi«*ea Barr.
Miss Alice Rode. Misses Dillion. Miss M. Con
nelly. Mies tt. CNeile, Miss Ames Condon.
Miss McCaulsy. Miss Helen Walsh. David
Kenny. Jack Faulkner. James Wherty. Richard
Gaynor. James O'Keefe, Thomas Faulkner. J.
P. Byrne, J. P. Hlggins, M. F. Brennan. Leo
Garrlty, J. Landers Jerg- and William Harri
son.
ENTERTAINS IN AID
OF ST. ROSE'S FAIR
To-night the Pianlstic Club will
tender a testimonial concert to Rich
ard A. Lucchesi at the United Crafts
and Art building, 147 Presidio avenue.
The club is composed of Mrs. Liz
zie Chamot, Miss Sadie A. Wafer, Miss
Mabel Vanderhoof and Miss Alice
Dunn, all of whom are exceptionally
clever pianists. They will be assist
ed by Mile. Christine Labarraque,
the blind soprano; Miss C. Zimmer.
Miss L. Bargelata, Miss A. Cotter,
Miss Lutz, A. Gwynn, Nathan Lands
berger, L. Schoeneger, M. Fleishman,
W. G. Collins, Arthur Regensburger
and C. Goerlich.
An unusually attractive programme
will be presented, two of the num
bers to be of Mr. Lucchesl's own com
position, "Eclogue" and "Italian Pro
files in Form of Dances," for two
pianos Ceight hands).
Iiucchesi Concert To-Night.
see.
Judge John A. Gibson of Los Angeles
s at the Palace.
Dr. Elmer E. Stone of Napa is regis-
at the Palace.
C. B. Shaver, a lumberman of Fres
:s at the Palace-
Attorney Frank S. Short of Fresno is
¦trying at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Bell, who have
i^en teaching in the Philippines, ar-
Dr. Rae Felt of Eureka is at the Lick.
Dr. Zenher of Berlin is at the Pal-
PERSONAL.
J. A. Call of Los Angeles arrived from
the south yesterday and is registered
at the Occidental.
R. W. Van Norden, superintendent of
a big power company at Sacramento,
is at the St. Francis.
State Printer W. W. Shannon and
his wife are down from Sacramento
and are at the Lick.
Colonel E. C. Elliston, a retired offi
cer of the British army, and his wife,
who have been touring the Orient, ar
rived at the Occidental yesterday.
Captain Daniel Brunn of the Danish
army, who has been serving as military
attache on General Kuropatkin's staff,
returned from the Orient yesterday and
is staying at the Occidental.
Rudolph Herring, New York's famous
engineer, arrived here yesterday and is
at the Palace. He has come to San
Francisco to advise with Chief Engineer
Schussler of the Spring Valley Water
Company on plans for improving the
company's plant and bringing water
into San Francisco.
A. B. Hammond, C. R. 'Johnson,
Hiram Smith and Sellwyn Eddy were
among the passengers on the steamer
sailing yesterday for Eureka. Ham
mond went north to look after his tim
ber interests in Humboldt County and
Smith. Eddy and Johnson are bound
for Eureka in connection with the sale
of the Pacific Lumber Company's in
terests to the Murphys of Michigan.
rived at the Occidental yesterday on
their way to the East.
Lieutenant Clarence S. Kempff, U. S.
X.. is at the St. Francis.
Wallace D. Thompson, a mining man
of Goldflelds, Nev., is at the Palace.
W. B. Devereaux, a mining man of
Colorado, is a guest at the Palace.
J. O. Hayes, proprietor of the San
Jose Mercury, is registered at the Pal
ace.
W. L. Edwards, chief clerk of the
Hotel Vendome at San Jose, is at the
St. Francis.
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT.— J. C.
Beacley was arrested yesterday on a warrant
chancing htm with felony embezzlement on
complaint of George J. Moore of the Monarch
Realty Company, Academy of Sciences build
in*. It Is alleged that on August 29 he rot
1100 from a clerk, which he did not turn over
to Mocre. Beasley was released on his own
recognizance by Police Judge Cab&nisi. Ha
claims that he has an Interest in the company.
June 11.
The petition of the principal of the
California School of Mechanical Arts,
popularly known as the Lick School,
that the name of the James Lick
Grammar School be changed because
of the confusion of names was taken
under advisement-
Director Boyle was delegated to
look into a complaint that boys are
in the habit of damaging the roof and
sheds of the Fairmount School.
The principal of the South End
School reported that she had twenty
pupils on her waiting list. The board
informed her that it has no funds for
any more portable schoolhouses.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Edith Bowers, Amelia Catlin, Mary
A. Doughty and Marie Ruef.
The request of Mrs. Geraldine D.
Boyle, a teacher in the Lincoln Even
ing School, and Edgar *E. Muller of
the day substitute class to exchange
their positions was granted.
The demand of Frank McSheehy
for 5430 for alterations at the Dudley
Stone School was approved and or
dered paid.
Mrs. Kempinski was appointed Jani
tress at the WInfield Scott Primary
School, vice Miss Aiseits, resigned.
The Board of Education yesterday
placed on the substitute list Ella
Ramage, Ralph Matthews, Teresa
Hesa, Eleanor Tierney and Frances
Cook, they being the next in order in
the competitive examination held or
Board of Education Gives Positions
to Successful Contestants in a
Competitive Examination.
PUTS FIVE MORE TEACHERS
OX DAY SUBSTITUTE LIST
James Means' $3.00 Shoes for men
equal $3.50 to $5.00 shoes retailing in the
ordinary way. Our pldn, from factory to
wearer, saves you the middlemen's pro
fit. James Means {2.50 and $3.00 Shoe
Store, 16 Fourth street. Catalogue free. •
Young seems to have been pursued
by misfortune of late. He is the man
who accidentally set fire to the New
hall residence a few months ago and
was subsequently injured by a fall. The
blower that spurted the blazing gaso
line over him is the same sort of In
strument that exploded among a
crowd of children on Wednesday.
Young has a wife and a small baby.
The man was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital, where he was
treated by Dr. Goodale and later trans
ferred to Simon's Sanitarium. He was
fearfully burned about the body and
his recovery is regarded as almost im
possible.
With his clothing ablaze Charles
Young, a painter, rushed madly along
Grove street, near Fillmore, yesterday
afternoon shrieking In agony. A
gasoline blower had exploded near
him while he was working on the
house. of Dr. Leo Rodgers at 817
Grove street- The fiery stuff scattered
over his clothing and burned him se
verely.
While -the frenzied man rushed down
the street crying for help several wom
en rendered him assistance. Mrs. J.
Currier, an aged woman of the neigh
borhood, was the first to reach the
man. She tried to put out the blaz
ing gasoline, but her skirts caught fire
and she herself was painfully burned.
With the fire still torturing him
Young continued his wild rush. Miss
Dorothy Wood, who lives at 819 Grove
street, was standing in her doorway.
She rushed to the rescue. She wrapped
the man in a doormat and It partly
extinguished the flames.
Mrs. Charles Fay and Miss Fay. who
live at 834 Grove street, heard the
•shrieks of the suffering man and with
great presence of mind seized blankets
and hurried into the street. They fin
ished the relief attempted by Misa
Wood.
The Macdonough estate, it appears,
has long wanted to have its two the
ater properties under one management.
Hall, who has had wide experience in
the field of amusements, has been tak
ing care of the Macdonough Theater
in Oakland and the story is that he
has desired for some time to become
the controller of the San Francisco
house owned by the Macdonoughs.
The expiration of the Ackerman lease
i.- approaching and Hall was told that
the estate had decided to let him have
both the Oakland and the local theater
if he wished to undertake the responsi
bility of running them. He said he was
ready to handle the California and had
outlined a plan for making it a popu
lar place of amusement- The Acker
man Interests reported that they were
ready to surrender and Hall has been
notified that he can sign the papers
and have the lease for five years.
Hence the one-act play without a plot
that is on the bills for a very near
date.
Charles Hall has acquired an option
on the lease of the California and all
h? has to do to become manager of the
playhouse on Bush street is to sign
his name to the final papers with that
of the representative of the Macdon
ough estate. Manager E. Ackerman,
who now has control or the house and
Is enjoying a successful run of "The
Tenderfoot," will step down and out
and Hall will step in.
There has been no fault found with
Ackerman's management of the prop
erty and, as he says, he is simply al
lowing his lease to run out and does
not care to renew it under the circum
stances.
Before many months have passed
there will be a shifting of scenes at the
California Theater. The play will be
In one act with a notary public and
two others as principals. There will be
nothing dramatic in the situation; no,
not even anything farcical. There will
be no suggestion of a comic opera or
the hurly-burly of a Fischer's.
Bertha Ebert is the correct name of
the girl. She is 22 years old and left
home about three years ago and held
a position as stenographer and book
keeper in Philadelphia until last July.
when she came to San Francisco as
assistant manager of the Occl-Orient
Medicine Company, of /Which Dr. Hoyle
is manager-
Sunday her sister, Sophie, of Bay
City received a letter from her saying
that she had quit the company. From
the tone of the letter Sophie thought
her sister was despondent, and, while
Bertha said she might return to Bay
City, Sophie feared she contemplated
suicide and on Tuesday sent a telegram
telling her to spare her life.
The sister in Bay City has received
no word of Bertha's disappearance
other than newspaper dispatches, and
thinks it possible that Bertha is on
her way home. She says there was
no love affair to her knowledge be
tween her sister and Dr. Hoyle, but
declines to shed any light on the trou
ble, which she admits existed.' The
girl's parents live in Bay City. Bertha
left home three years ago and her
father had heard nothing from her
since she left home until apprised of
her probable death.
Although parents and daughter were
estranged for several years, says a dis
patch received from Bay City last
night, the old man broke down com
pletely while talking of the affair.
The mystery which enshrouds the
disappearance of Miss Bertha Ebert oh
October 4 grows apace each day. That
the body of the young woman is now
floating on the white-capped waves,
perhaps miles from shore, is the theory
of the police and others. Yesterday
two telegrams from the girl's sister in
Bay City, Michigan, were discovered.
From their tone it is probable that
Mies Ebert had a disagreement with a
certain Dr. Hoyle. This may have
prompted her to self destruction.
On October 5 Miss Ebert'a hat and
purse were found on the beach near
Fort Mason by Corporal James Parker
of the Thirteenth Infantry. She was
last seen at her lodgings in the Earl
CHffe, 1201 Gough street, on the even
ing of October 3. Her movements from
that time cannot be traced, but it is
supposed that she wandered out near
Fort Maso-n some time on Tuesday,
October 4, and cast herself into the bil
lowy deep.
Miss Ebert came to this city about
three months ago and sought assistance
from the Y. W. C. A. She said she
came from Australia. She was direct
ed to apartments, but left them later
and went to live at the Earl CUffe. Ac
cording to a dispatch from her native
town, the girl came to this city to work
for a medical concern under the direc
tion of Dr. Hoyle. She left his em
ployment later and it was probably
due to a scene with the medical man. •
MIes Eberfs relatives say there is
not a love affair or like trouble in the
girl's life, but a telegram sent by her
sister, which was never received by the
missing girl, suggests that the latter
was tangled up in some manner with
Dr. Hoyle. The sister begs Bertha to
forget him and spare her life. Fallow-
Ing is a copy of the telegram and one
sent the missing girl by the "Western
Union Company requesting her to an
swer it:
BAT CITT. Mich.— B*s»l» W. Efcert. Earl
Clifte, 1201 Goush: Save life for n^ cake.
Forget Dr. Hoyle. (Signed) SOPHIE EBERT.
The dispatch from the Western Union
reads as follows:
Please give quick answer or reason why net
ours date from Bay City, Mich., to you.
(Signed) W. C T. Co.
Charles Hall Becomes the
Possessor of Option on
This Valuable Property
Gasoline Blower. Explodes
and Saturates Charles
Young With Fierft Fluid
Telegram From the Missing
Girl's Sister Suggests Love
Affair With a Doctor
HIS CLOTHING ABLAZE
BUSINESS TO CONtlNUE
CAUSE STILL .UNKNOWN
True Heroines Endeavor to
Extinguish Flames That
Torture Unlucky Painter
Edward Ackerman Decides
Xot to Renew His Lease
of ,the California Theater
Police Have Evidence That
Bertha Ebert Took Fatal
•Plunge While Despondent
WOMEN HELP
BURNING MAN
NEW MANAGERS
FOR PLAYHOUSE
BELIEVE BODY
FLOATS IN BAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1-1. 1904.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
COLO iVlBIA imTaEftal
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAT.
Charles B. Dlllingham Presents
FRANK DANIELS
In the Laughing. Musical Beauty Show,
THE OFFICE BOY
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
The Greatest of All Musical Comedies.
SAN TOY
With James T. Powers as "Li"
Seats Now Selling. Matinee* Wed. & Sat.
At i f if i HDD 1 B **- Ktx * 8tta4 »7 *****
tae ALflAiUDKA Twelve Concerts
Matinees Tues.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sunday.
SOUS A SEATS READY
*JUU«Jrl At Sasnaaa. day fc Co.'s.
DDirCC Evenings. $1 50. $1. 75c. 50c.
rattCj MaUnees. 11. T3c BOc
GRAND'SSSSS
"FOIIIEST LOOT OF THE SEASON." —
Blanche Ptriiagfsa.
Last 2 Nights— MATINEE TO-MORROW.
THE
. BURGOMASTER
BEGINNING NEXT SCNDAT MATINEB.
Augustus Thoma*' Great Play.
ARIZONA
A BIG NEW SHOW!
Lewis McCord and Company ; Hieksy and
WelBon; "A SUtht ta Veaict"; Maxpliy
and WUlard; Juliui M. Ta&aaa, aad
Orpheam Motion Picture*. Z>axt tlmw
of Koey and Lee; Pelix aad Barzy, aad
aCma. Avery Straiosch.
Regular Matlnoes Every Wedsesiar. -Thurs-
Cay Saturday and Sunday.
Prtceg— 10c. i&o and 50c
mIBMI M I
EHTBTUSIASTIC B^CCZSVTZOH
Of the Famous German Comic Opera
ISiBinl
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
EVERY NICHT
MATINEE TO-MORRO^^
SAME PRICES 25c. 50c. T3e
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee aad Manager.
T0-NI6HT .xgfiSc 10-H16HT
MATINEE SATCRDAT.
Oliver Morcsco Offers the Spectacular Comedy-
Drama of Oriental Life,
A JAPANESE
NIGHTINGALE
An adaptation from the novel of Onoto
Wstsnr.s,
MONDAY. October 17.
BENEFIT FOR OCTDOOR ART LEAGUE Of*
CALIFORNIA.
USTTWO WEEKS OF
HOWARD JACOTTS BCRLESQCK.
101 THE LI"
The fonniesrt, the very best of them.
MAGNIFICENTLY ; UOCSTED.
Delightfully Actad and Sung.
Nights. 25c. 50c and 75c
Sat. and Sun. Matinees. 25c and Me.
Children at maUnees. 10c and 2Sc
Remember, the last two weeks.
ADVEJlTISE31EyTS.
CASTOR I A
For Infants' and Children.
His Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tbo >^ Af s ~ / '^^^ /r
Signaturo of C^yt^^^/<6^A444
ADVERTISEaiEXTS.
mm niiiiiiiiniwii ¦ ¦ wwffPTrimr cb|
r APOLLO i
I PIANO PLAYER I
I' .:::/;¦—^-- V I
By virtue of its aid the I
unexperienced piano play- I
er becomes an artist It I
I supplies the technique only I
gained by years ol labori- I
ous practice. The cxprcs- I
sion is lei t to the player. |
I- The Abollo is. the only piano I
player which spans the whole key- I
board. " B
' — -I
IBcnj. Gurtaz « s<»>. I
, , Sole Agents I
16 0TarrcUSL,S.F. J
¦ ¦• . Everything musical. »
AMUSEMENTS.
A T i*1 A T A TH .Belasco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR
General Manager.
ENORMOUS SUCCESS
OF JOHN CRAXO LTLLIAX LAWRENCE an*
! ELIZABETH WOODSOX. -with the old A!cazar
Favorite*, in R. C. Carton's Comedy.
LORD
aud
LADY ALCY
"the finest company ever at ta« Alcaxar.**—
Bulletin.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SCNDAT.
Eves. 25c to 75c; Mat*. Sat. and Sun. 23c to SOa
Next Monday — Clyde Fitch's Great Comedy,
THE WAT Or THE WORLD.
First Time In Saa Francisco.
CENTRAL'-S?
Market St.. near Sth. Phone South SSX
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES SATCRDAT AND SCNDAT.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of RMer
Haggard's Powerful Oriental Drama,
n -n v
POPULAR PRICES— ETenisgs 10c to WVJ
Matinees.... 1 0c. 13c. 2.'o
OCTOBER 17— CHAMPION OF THE WORLD.
JAMES J. JEFFRIES. In DAVT CROCKETT.
SEE three round sparring «contesc betweea
JEFFRIES and JCE KENNEDT.
I — CALIFORNIA—^
LAST TWO NIGHTS
MaTLVEE TO-MORROW.
Of tt« Enornous Musical Cbinedy Hit.
1 TENDERFOOT
With PHILIP H. RTLET aad Bis
N'cw York Company of Sixty.
J.-EXT SCNDAT
Hoyt's n A TEXAS STEER."
Greatest Cast Sine* Original Produc-
tion, tndudlne;
Harry B. £m«ry. Will II. Bray aad
-"Jay L. Etocktoa.
TED eT BOX,
'And » Splcadld Eacnr Etbtt AXtaraooa
aad Erealac In tio Tieatar.
TAKS A RIDE ON THS
XOnATUXS. Z3USCTSXO »*T r r-|lft/ l i'I*.
SEVEN BABY L10X3 IN THS ZOO.
DfSPECT CABARET DD Ul MORT.
Hear tb» Potumatlo Symphony Orchestzlaa
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATCRDAT KIOHT-
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN So
When Phoning As* for *TTi» Chutes.** *
MISCEIXAyEOUS AMTSEMENTS.
|BEN GREETS PLAYERS
At LYRI3 HALL 119 E«j St.
Lost* Two Nights r >
Special Matins* To-Day (Friday), at 3:3©.
TWELFTH NIGHT
Mat. To-morrow at 3. by Special Request.
MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING
Seats $1 SO. $1. 73c. Sherman. Clay £ Ox's,
HOFMANN
PIANIST
FAREWELL CONCERT
TTvoli Opera House
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
Popular Prices. $1 SO. H. 50c' Sow en Sa!«
At Sherman. CUy tt Col's.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
WEDNESDAY. THCRSDAT. FRIPAT
-- 3:15 P. M.
SATURDAY ...3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:3O P. M.
LADIES FREE TH1TRSDAY and FRIDAY.
Advance sal* of seat* at 5 Stockton Street.
DDTTCLJ17C **or barbers, ba-
tSriU^rlllO ker *- bootblacks, bv.h-
. hocses. billiard Ublrs.
bretrers. bookbinders, eaady makers, cannera.
dyers. Sour mills. fo*2Bdrli>s. laundries, paper-
haiucer*. printers, palmers. »ho« factories,
stablemen tar-roofrrs. tairners. tailor*, etc
BUCHA2TAN BSOS^
Brnth MaaaXactarer*, 609 Sacramento St.
¦ — ' — -
WEEKLY CALL, §1.00 PStt TRAR>
¦ dyif 4bs^bbss j£ZNA ¦ I A V sW jfi 5'
I &o • ¦ srl w It ¦>" •• ". f" ~ "*^ ifiBiinB^ * ' "I ¦lit! 3
Please Your Purse by Purchasing
From the Store on the Square
THE ECONOMY SALESROOM is a Department where thor-
ouRhly up-to-date and reliable Furniture can be purchased at from
1-4 to 1-3 its regular value, as the following items will show:
510.00 Enamel Bed S6.T5 167.50 "Weathered Oak Buf-
J11.00 Mahogany Chair . . . .87.30 .„ tA **}¦ •; §5s*V»Ji
$17.50 Shaving Stand 813.JSO '"S® gVfSe'yV Maple 82 "-' 0
$19.50 Dining Table 812.75 U °°° Morris Chair P V»2 5O
$34.50 Foldins; Bed 826.75 $40.00 Oak Bedroom Suit. -S22.5O
No matter what you purchase here, IT WILL BE RIGHT.
You will find our prices ABSOLUTELY THE LOWEST for FUR-
NITURE, CARPETS, DRAPERIES, RUGS, LINOLEUM, MAT- n
TING, KITCHEN FURNISHINGS, STOVES and RANGES. \\
Everything is covered by an absolute guarantee of satisfaction. [j
ADrERTISDIEXTS.
I fi« zr.y XcdaJr developing; ar.d pri&tiag
rrcirrtly and <lo It well. Fm tile I«a£er
la th!« ktnd of work and there «re ore
or : •¦ ¦¦ sood reasons for Utls. A trial
- onlrr frcra you will make yon oat of ray
curtonierT.
r>ve:oi'ins— Roll of six. lOe. Roll of
twelve. J5c.
Prtatlas — Srlio finish. 3c to Se. Velox
Cn'.iFh. 3o t-» 6e.
DATLIGHT IXJADIXO FILMS in all
t'.tem. I carry the b*rt on the roarkpt.
AXSCO CAMERAS ar» hich Ei»<!e »nd
a! wars da goc<l wort I sell them; S2.OO
BPi « 4
CYKO Phcto Paper givn hesatirul de-
tail an-1 prints by artificial Ilrht.
- Caisfras cf aU kinds rei>alred ¦ at low
TUT A OOXKLIX'R SEL.F FILLING
Ma'.J ¦ - --> X'roraptjy filled.
T^JpMAN PITTS,
1033 rtAKKTT ST.. Cpp. PUt* St,
IA/. T. HESS,
Sctary Public aad Attoraer-«t-I*w
Tastk Flocr. lioom 1U15, ci*us £pr*ck»U bid.
Telestoae Mala 0S3 *"
ntiiim.e. 1SC2 McAlUster st.
f~~*% Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/\0 > '£ttH G'JO KCABXT ST. Kstabllabed
tf^sSj&^' Iv<i4 tor the tr*»tn»nt -.f fr!-.»u-
Ffi liftrmtt W "«***». J *^' ilan!iw»J. Uebiliiy or
ij* 3JSb ffW' 1 tvz ** vttviTitrm bojyaml roln<1 and
l yQ5 > kin l>\*r-r*e* T!.^ Doctor cur»-»Trli<-a
other* fail. Try him. ('barges low.
SMaSsaVUfll <'¦>*•¦> r««m»l«^. OUorwnift,
Dr. J. V~ *»I BBOaf. tiu Fracases*. Cai
Miss Nettie Blackmore, Minneapolis,
tells how any young woman may be per-
manently cured of monthly pains by taking
Lydia EL Pinkham's Vegetable Compound!
" Young Women: — I had frequent headaches of a severe nature,
dark spots before my eyes, and at my menstrual periods I suffered
untold agony. A member of the lodge advised me to try Lydia E.
Pinkliam's Vegetable Compound, but I only scorned good advice and
felt tliat my case "wns hopeless, but she kept at me until I bought a
bottle and started taking it. I soon had the best reason in the -world to
change my opinion of the medicine, as each day my health improved, and
finally I was ent ire ly without pain at mv menstruation periods. I am most
grate'ful/' — Nettie Blackmore, 23 Central Ave., Minneapolis, Minn.
Painful Periods -^
are quickly and permanently overcome by Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound. The above letter Is only one of hundreds of
thousands vrhich prove this statement to be a fact. Menstruation
is a severe strain on a woman's vitality, — If it is painful something:
is wron*r. Don't take narcotics to deaden the pain, but remove
the cause — perhaps it is caused by irregularity or womb displace-
ments, or the development of a tumor. "Whatever it is, Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is guaranteed to.cure it.
If there is anything about your case about which yon would like special
advice, write freely to Mrs. Pinkham. She will treat your letter as strictly
confidential. She can surely help you, for no person in America can ppeak
f ma a wider experience in treating female ills. She has helped hundreds of
thousands of women bacV to health. Her address is Lynn, Mass., and her
&drice is free. You are very foolish if you do not accept her kind invitation.
4*»«g|-a^ Details of Another Case.
"Deab Mes. Pejtkham: — Ignorance and
f±i^53j&5Si25^1»? carelessness is the cause of mos: of the suffer-
i^SiSsisKSsila ing* of I believe that if we properly
CS&aT understood the laws of health we would all be
\pCl sg^y welL but if the sick women only knew the
**> Wm truth about Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
u«**j s- ~pb compound, they would be saved much suffer-
•^ V at* f& fas an( i would soon be cured.
ist|\ *¦*"* £ tt I used it for five months for a local diffi-
t fc^fig^ v>^& culty which had troubled me for years,
l^»^^a*-— *^/ol and "for which I had spent hundreds
fHHiffi Jg&afrdBsJim. of dollars in the vain endeavor to rec-
W^fy^^^^^^^^ tifT - M^ me force^ were SWV*^
Y^^^^^^SSb^^^W m(^ I " w ' as d a^y losing my
fsZjffi^''-'%V%Br / " Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
&<• **^ Compound cured me completely, and
I am new enjoying the best of health, and am most gratefuLand only
too pleased to endorse such a great remedy.**— Miss Jejo-ie L. jutwabds,
C04 H St, N. W., Washington, D. G
Mxs. Pinkham, whose address is Lynn, Mass., will answer cheer-
fully and without cost all letters addressed to her by sick women.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I
Ct1(Y7)P V*
C A Perrin glove can-
not be stretcHed out
of shape; straighten it
out after mauling and
it is back to its orig-
inal perfect pattern.
Sole depot for
Women's and Children's Gloves at
R. D. DAVIS & COMPANY,
Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
jgen's. Perrin QIot— at an store*. |
The Best Family Medicine.
The best, surest, safest and
most reliable remedy for all
Liver, Stomach and Bowel
troubles. You will save doc-
tor's bills, sickness and suffer-
ing if you always have and use
Beecham's
Pills
Bold Everywhere. Is boxes 10c. and 25a.
Palarp D °NT FAIL TO
j COURT Loanging
fl flfl room, the EMPIRB
UUU / parlor. th«
r~~~.J PALM ROOM, th«
tiniflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
. . ", • LOR, and the LA-
n A ;J_ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
.a4% I IB1 s9% Ammunition. Hunting and
IBllnlV" Sporting Goods. Largest
l-l I |\l stock. Lowest prices. Send
11 till tor catalogue.
UUIl EHREVE & BARBER CO..
. : 1» Market «t. -and 821
. Kearny st.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. . .
FRESH ASS SAI.T MBATS. , .
tic LfiYl.C £ Trt EWPPlng Butchers, 108
JA>. BUI CO tit tU. CUy. TeL Main 12»4.
I LEAST BOOTS 4KB SJTXXZOHTS. .
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Work*
¦ 117«-117S Mission st. . Phone Main 5461. .
————— _
LUBRICATING OILS; 'LEONARD * ELLIS.
418 Front *.. 8, T. , Phone Main 1719.
- . FRUTTOTG.
E.CBHUGES, BllEa^J^S.F.that faced Lick when they met . last
will be on the field to-day. - \
On : the other hand; Lick will not have
its full strength. Several of the best
players are , crippled and are not fit 1 to
play. Others have fallen behind in their
studies and for .this reason will not^be
allowed": to play. Lick will present an
almost entirely, new line-up. . v
The winner will gain a -place in the
finals-; and will play the ; winner of; the
sub-league" across the bay. The teams
wiir line up as follows: \ '
Lick. Positions. Polytechnic/ ,
Schmitt L. E. R. . . . .McKensie (c.)
Main. . ;V7."Vr7J"T.V..L. .T. R.". :. ... ...... .Lowe
Moullcn. i.L.'G. R.V. ....... .Bonlfleld
Hotchkiss (c.) or
Crowe .Center. . ..'. ; Day
Keonan. R. G. L Reardon
White; . ......... . ..R T. L. :........ .Garibaldi
Deacon. . . .'.'.'. ... ;: ..HI E. ¦ L. .......... . . .Goer I
Dictz.". . . . ...... .... Quarter. .......... Saun-lera
Hall'.*.*. ." r. .."..- . ...L. H. R.~.TT7rr;Vi7-.Alar:in
Merrltt .TrTT:T7Tr~.R.1 H.SL.T.TT:Tr~r: Boarman
Sncll . '.' .'• • '.V. ..... V.Fullback; ;. .. ... : . Ed war da
Abe Receives ¦ Punch in Stomach and
Claims Foul, Which Is Not
. Allowed.
: ST. LOUIS, Oct. 13.— In a fight here
to-night at the feather-weight limit
Tommy Sullivan of Brooklyn was giv
en the decision over Abe Attell of San
Francisco in, the fifth round of what
was to have' been a, twenty-round con
test. 'Attell went out -with -a low left
uppercut to the stomach. ' He dropped
to the floor, falling in apparent agony
and claiming a foul. The decision of
the referee was withheld "for five min
utes .until ' an examination had been
made 'by-; three ¦ physicians. ~ As the
doctors • found no, sign- of a foul the
decision' was given to Sullivan. • >
The fight was a fine exhibition of
science, in which neither man "re
ceived much . punishment. InHhe first
few rounds .. seemed . to have
slightly the, better s of the bout •
SULLIVAN PUTS ATTELL
OUT IN FIFTH ROUND
LICK AND "POLY" MEET TO-DAY
High School Teams Will Settle the
Sub-League Championship. ,
,The football teams of Lick and' of
Polytechnic high schools will meet this
afternoon on the Presidio athletic
grounds. It will be the most important
and. the most interesting , game" played
on the gridiron in this city during the
season.; The game will settle the ques
tion of supremacy among the elevens
of the San Francisco sub-league of the
Acadamic Athletic League.
Neither team Jias lost a league game.
When they met last month- neither side
scored. The .game was played on a
sloppy 'field and was unsatisfactory. It
was poor football and a disappointment
to the spectators. The field is in good
condition no w" and a hard-fought game
Is anticipated by the coaches of the
teams..' I " ¦ . • : .--'.' , ; " ¦ ¦. ¦'.¦¦¦-¦••¦.;¦ •«'¦ .
The rivalry - between the teams is
greater than ever owing to the Lick
protest, which was riot sustained.
." As, to the chances of the rival elevens
it seems Polytechnic ; will 1 be victorious*
The players of the latter \ eleven have
been • practicing ' hard ¦" and . the:, team J is
in no way crippled. "The, sarheTeleven
Racing at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITT, Oct. 13.— Elm Ridge sum
mary: ...
First race, six furlongs— Eugenia B won. Sir
Andrew second, Agnes Brennan third. Time,
1 :1" V;- .. . • ... . _-
Second race/five furlongs — Tyrolean won.
Adare second. Swedish Lad third. Time. 1:00%.
Third race, mile and a quarter— Harbor won,
Elle second, Colonel Ballantyne third. Time,
2:17>/ t .
Fourth race, mile and an eighth-^Alma Du
four won. L*lla second, Bragg third. Time,
l:G2tf. . : '.'. .->¦•..
' Fifth race, seven furlongs — Flo'Bob "won.
Otto Stlfel second. William Wright third. Time,
1:26. : .
Sixth race, mile — Telephone won; Easy Street
second. Rough and Tumble third.v'Time, 1:10^.
Although Outbatted the Home Play
ers Gain Decisive Victory.
TACOMA., Oct. 13. — Although out
batted the home team showed marked
superiority in running bases and in
team work. Consequently Tacoma
had no trouble in winning the third
straight game. Portland's hits were
all single, while wme of Tacoma's
were for extra bases. Tacoma worked
two fast double plays, cutting off runs.
The score:
Tacoma — : Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A
Doyte.rf. 5 0 10 0 Drnan.cf 4 12 10
Shchn.*fb 6 2 2 0 S|McCrd.rf 4~ O 1 1 O
<:a«*y.2b. 4 12 4 4 Ndeau.lf. 3 0 2 10
Eacan.«. 3 1 1 5 2 Mrshll.Sb 4 0 10 2
Lynch,cf. 4 0 0 3 llHHand.lb 4 0 1 12 <»
MeUnUf 4 0 0 1 0jRckf.d.2b 3 0 0 3 5
Grahm.c. 2 1 0 6 2|Runkle,s 8 0 12 3
Hogan.lb 3 «l O 8 2 KlUckv.c 3 0 0 4 1
Ke«fe.p.. 3 0 11 3jThelmn,p 3 0 2 0 4
Totals 33 S 7 2T 171 Totals 31 1 10 24 16
LEXINGTON, Oct. 13. — Lady May
and Patchen Maid, heavily played fa
vorites for the 2:17 pace and the
2:12 trot, respectively, lost their op
portunities to-day by breaking at crit
ical periods. Lady May had the first
and second heats won bv the time
she reached the half-mile, but broke
badly and finished almost last in each
heat. She received a bad start in^ the
third heat, but finished second. "She
had the fourth heat won until within
a hundred yards of the distance flag,
when she broke, finishing a head be
hind Funston at the wire.
Patchen Maid was another bad
actor. In the fourth heat KIrkwood
Jr.- led all around the track by about
a length, but his position was endan
gered in the stretch. Aerolite and
Patchen Maid were .closing the dis
tance rapidly. Both broke and went
under the wire running.
Grace Bond easily captured the
Kentucky stake, for three-year-old
trotters. Summary:
¦Kentucky stakes, for four-year-old trotters,
f20C0, best two in three heats — Grace Bond
won two straight heats In 2:10 Vi and 2:10^4-
Lord Revetstoke, Alice Edgar, Totara. Josie
Benyon and Princess Athel also started.
2:17 class, pace,* purse $1000, three In five —
Funston won the second, third and fourth
heats in 2:08%. 2:09% • and 2:08%. Edgar Boy
won the first heat i and was distanced In the
second. Mont auk. Lady May. Billings. Bert
Logan, Donny brook and Glad Bells also
started.
2:12 class, trotting, purs* 11200. two In
three — Kirk wood: Jr. won the third and fourth
heats' In 2:10 and 2:10"4. Aerolite won the
second heat in 2:C0%. Patchen Maid won the
first heat in 2:09%. Euxenlle. The Questor.
Ax Delight, Calcine, Van Zande, Diadem and
Invader aleo started.
2:22 -trot, puree $1000, three in five — Main
land won the second, third and fourth heats
In 2:12, 2:12 and 2:t3"4. Miss Jeanette won
the first -heat. In. 2:12. Ozone. Emily LechUr.
Harry Simmons, Folndexter. Go Away, Sunny
Jim. Offertory and, Helen Miller also started.
Two Unfinished Events Will Also Be
Decided After First Round
on Sunday.
Fifty-six fleet, greyhounds were
drawn last night for the open stake,
to be run on Sunday at Ingleside
Coursing Park. Besides the .open
stake the twelve hounds, remaining.ih
the two unfinished events of last Sun
day will also try for honors. Those
trials will be held after the first round
of the open stake has been run down.
Coursing will begin. .at 10:30 a. hi.
Following is the result of the last
night's draw:
Open stake. 66 entries— Fretter vs. Silver
Cloud; Cubanola vs. Idaho Boy; Courtley Guest
vs. Annie Hyne; Smiler vs. Pure Pearl; Bright
Columbia, vs. Lady Menlo; Frisky Boy ve.
Water Maid; Red Brick vs. Equator; Ycunfc
Fearless v». Little Prince; Dear Ga*ton vs.
Fair Tralee; Kollinc Beer vs. Tennyson;
Golden Fortune, vs. Croix D; Prometheus vs.
Thetis: Manru vs. Musk Ike: Real Ducheas vs.
Cascade; Sad Sam va. May Tunlson: Free
From Flaw vs. Clover Blossom: Tom Hurllck
vs. Laboring Boy; -Aerodh- vg.-HadUlngtoh;
Butte City vb. Don Pedro; Jerry Wright vs.
PIk«r; Camber ,v«. Frank Dunn; Icellus vs.
Flannifjan: Chu Choo vs. Concord Boy; Gold
Lily vs. Fairy Belle; Good as Geld vs. Lord
Melbourne; Humboldt vs. Young Johnny Rex;
rtecklews Acrobat vs. Molly Me: Belfast vb.
Rocklln Boy.
TWO FAVORITES BREAK
AND ARE BEATEN . OUT
FIFTY-SIX HOUNDS DRAWN
FOR STAKE AT INGLESIDE
The Hayes Vallejr Athletic Club's
regular boxing show will take place
to-night at "Woodward's Pavilion. A
double main event besides five other
bouts make up the card. George Pe
terson will try out Rough House Billy
McDonald at 142 pounds. Another
pair ot welters, Willie Wolfe of the
Ariel Rowing Club and Bob Cairns of
the Olympic Club, will also meet.
Hayes Valley Club Bouts.
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Morris Park
follow:
First race, six and & half furlongs of With
ers mile, selling, three-year-olds and up — Con
sideration 108. Knight of Rhodes 108, Olaf 105,
Courtmald 105. Tol San 105. April Shower 105,
Early Eve 105. Memphis 102. South Trimble
100. Ishlana 94, Ballycastle 94. (Ishlana and
South Trimble Drake entry.)
Second race, six and a. half furlongs of With
ere mile, selling, two-year-olds — Black Bird
106. Salt and Pepper 103. Bank 101. Thirty-
Third 100. Ike S 100, Monacorder 09, Wild
Irishman 07, Sufferance 96, R. L. Johnson 06,
Calmness 88. . -„....
Third race, one and a half miles of Withers
course, handicap — Caugbanawaga 126. Major
Dalng-rneld 108, Thistle Heather 95, Midship
man 00, Moon Daisy 87. »
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling. Withers
mile — Rawhide 108, Daisy Green 105, Right and
True 106, Bonner 108, Rightful 100, Rob Roy
99 Belle of Mllford 97, Unmasked 97. Clear
the Arena 94. Palette 94.. ¦>=¦ -. •
. Fifth race, seven furlongs, Fordham high
weight handicap— Collector Jessup 121, Mineola
107, Monet 104, . Castaltan 100, Wotan 97, New
York 90, Graceful 95, - Adlos 8S. Lady Uncas
88. (Adlos and Lady Uncas, Watt entry.)
Sixth race. Withers mile, maidens—School
master 120, Tom Lawscn 109. Sir Ship 109.
Bartender 104,' Phaser 104, Rudebek 101, Water
Pansy 101/ Panique '101.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13. — The entries fo/
to-morrow's races at "Worth follow:
First race, six furlongs, maidens, »elllng —
Gigantic 100. Mandy Lee 100, Sunny Shore 102,
Duncan 100, Bill Walters 105, Foxmead 105,
Honest John 105, Nannan 105, Marshalsea 107,
Lem Reed 107, Armorer 108.
Second race one mtle and fifty yards, aelllng
— Santa Luna 9C, Aggie Lewis 96. Triumvir
98 MalakolT 99, Voila 100. Docile 100, Wood
lawn Belle 100. Dod Anderson 100. Rian 101.
Sllvermeade 101. Mingore 101. Royal Arms 101,
Arab 103 Mohican 104. Edward Hale 105.
Third race, six furlongs, purse — Ida Davis
100, Blue Miracle 100, New Mown Hay 100,
J. W. O'Neill 100. Hudson 103. Optional 103.
Tillo 103. Hot 103. Irene Mac 103. Don Domo
109. Nannie Hodgu 109. Frontenac HOt
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
•elllntr — Lampoon 102, Easy Trade 102, Harney
105 Dr. Stephens 105, Jim Hale 107. Carat 10S,
Burning Glass 108. Glorlosa 116.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards,
p UrBe — Allie Virgie 102. Frivol 102. Jigger 102,
Reckoner 103. Clausus 105. Bank Street 105,
Paramount 107. Scotsman 107. Frank M 107.
Sixth race. nv« and a half furlongs. Belling —
Sincerity Belle 104, Bishop Poole 106. Bradwar
lln 107, Useful Lady 107. Dixelle 107, Janet 1C0.
Dundall 110. Gladiator 110, Garvlce 110. Black
Art 113. /
"WORTH ENTRIES.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
By the New jTork Morning Telegraph.
First race— Knight of Rhodes, Ish
lana, April Shower.
Second race — ¦ Thirty-Third, R. Ii.
Johnson, Calmness.
Third race — Caughnawaga, Major
Daingerfield, Thistle Heather.
Fourth race — Unmasked, Rawhide,
Rob Roy.
Fifth racc-7-Mineola, Graceful, Cas
tnlinti.
Sixth race— Water Pansy, Panique,
Tom Lawson. ,
Condition of the track — Heavy.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 13.— The entries
for the races to-morrow at Delmar
track follow:
First race, six furlongs, ¦*Uia«_P>llx
Mozzes 110, Rachel Ward 107. Potter 105 Al
gonquin 104. Atlas 102, Pilgrim Girl 102. 'Tom
Manklns 102. Tattenham 102. Tender Crest 97
Second race, one mile, selling— Feronia 109*
Sam Stevens 105, St. Paris 105. Bradley Bill
105. Fred Lazarus 105. Trogon 105, Shortcake
105. Escanaba 100. Snow CaD 10O. Lookaway
100. Renaissance 84, Llddon 82.
, JP 1 " 1 race ' 8lx furlongs. selllng-^Iungi« imp
106. Colonel White 10«. Eduardo 103. E*cobo*a
101. Anadarco 101. Dameron 101. Bynlav 09
Judre Brady 99. Lady Sellers 9tt. Terns Rod
96. Gasconne 96.
t> F0U £,o ce> „"**** furlon S». selling— King
Rcse 108. Sam Craig loe. Miss Manner* 105
Evening Star 104. Dr. Burns 102, Noweta 10**
Mlndora 100. One More 97. Laura Hunter 97*
Ingolthrift 07. Amberlta 82. ««n^«" »..
Fifth race, on© mile, selling — Judge Cantrill
114. Nellie Bawn 114. Caelana 10». Tangihia
109, Jake Weber 100, Nath Woodcock 100, Dr
RUey 100, Turrando 105, Fenian 100, Reglna
D 100. The Eye 82. Courant 79
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles sell-
Ing — Wtssendlne 102. Ou.1er.arde 102. Shipping
port 97. Birdwood 97. Compass 87. Sister Llt
,Jlan 97. Bisuka 92. Murmur 92. Mint Bed 92.
Dawson 92. Hucena 92. Jollier 82.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
Indoor Competition Brings Out Star
Marksmen From All Parts of
the State.
The indoor championship shoot of
California for rifle and revolver ex
perts opened last night at 693 Mis
sion street. Star marksmen from all
parts of the State entered, and many
excellent scores'were rolled ud. Sev
eral valuable prizes are offered for
those making the highest scores In
the competition, which will close on
Saturday afternoon. The shoot Is
given under the direction of Theo
dore Kvtka, the well-known hand
writing expert. He offers a handsome
oil painting for tlje best score with
a revolver. He carried off the honors
last night himself with a heavy 46"
ca liber Colts' gun. Fol Towing is a list
of the best scores made last night: ¦ '
Rifle contests — Tammeyer, 73, 73, 73, 73;
Kolaoder. 71. 73. 73. 72: M. Blaese 74, 71, 73,
72; Meyer. 73. 71; Jonas 71, t3; Boiler, C8, 71,
O>. C8; L«wls, 59; Atkins. 72: Masterson, 68,
<». «S, «S; Johnson. 65, G5, C7 C3: W. Blasss.
70. 70, 73; Frahm. 71; T. J. Carroll. 71.
Pistol competition — Kytka, 41 45. 44, 42;
Frahm, 40, 47. 45, 43; Vaughan. 35, 33, 37,
33; AtkJns. 38; Trego. 43 37; McDonald 37.
SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year •
olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1 — Jimmy Lane, 103 (Mrtn) 3 3 14 1 2
11 to 10 — Arsenal. 108 (Redfern).. 4 4 2 2h
3 to 1— Morokanta, 105 (HIdbrd) 5 5 1%3 1%
Time, 1:30 2-5.. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. M. W. Greene's ch. g. by His Grace-
Anna Page. Ben Crocket, Step Away, Th«
Captain and Tide finished as named.
RIFLE AND PISTOL SHARPS
PERFORM WELL AT TARGETS
"~ FIFTH RACE — Withers mile; handicap;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— High Chancellor. 110(O* Nil) 3 3^11
0 to 2— M. Daingerneld.lOS(Rdfm) 2 2 2 2 8
3 to 1 — Africander, 126 (Davis) . . 5 4 1 3 2
Time, 1 :42 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Drake's b. c. by Odd Pellow-
Leonatus Mare II. Dick Bernard and The
Lady Rohesla finished as named.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean-
- First race — Marshalsea, Gigantic,
Fcxmead.
Second race- — Woodlawn Belle, Ag
gie Lewis, Dod Anderson.
Third race — Frontenac, Nannie
Hodge, J. W. O'Neill.
Fourth race— Carat, Lampoon, Easy
Trade.
Fifth race — Paramount, Scotsman,
Jigger.
Sixth race — Black Art, Dundall,
Gladiator. : > ;^
Condition of the track — Fast.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
Excellent Programme Is Provided for
Entertainment Of the Members
and Their Guests.
The Olympic Club gave a "ladies'
night" last evening and the big gym
nasium of the club was filled wltb^
members and their friends. The pro
gramme, which was arranged by John
A. Hammersmith in the absence of
Leader* John J. Gleason, proved one
of the most interesting the club has
ever held. Captain Rosenfeld was also
instrumental in making the evening's
entertainment a success.
Of the athletic programme there
were so many good things that men
tion of each must be made. First
came fancy pyramids by members of
the Eintracht Turn Verein. They were
followed by George Schlitter and Baby
Cornell on the rings and by catch-as
catch-can wrestling by members of
the club. The Nelson family gave
some fancy ground and lofty tum
bling, and the work of the Olympic
representatives on the parallel bars
was good. Japanese wrestling, or jiu
jitsu, caught the fancy of the specta
tors and many of the trick holds were
appreciated. Indian club swinging by
ladles of the Eintracht Turn Verein
and fencing with foils and sabers
came next. The Chinese pupils of In
structor George S. Miehling went
through some fine dumbbell calisthen
ics. Exercises on the "gym horse," !
bag punching, sparring and swimming
exhibitions ended the evening's en
tertainment.
During the course of the pro
gramme President William Greer
Harrison presented medals to ' three
Olympic men who were representa
tives of the club at St. Louis. They
were Francis Galley, J. Scott Leary
and George V. Finnegan. Sam Berger
was also a prize winner at the fair,
but received his medal before leaving
for the East.
First ra<?4? — A]£On<juin, Felix Moz
zes. Potter.
Second race — Shortcake, Trogon,
Renaissance.
Third race— Eduardo, Dameron,
Colonel White.
Fourth race — King Rose, Eventas
Star, Mlndorn.
Fifth race — Retina T>, Courant, Dr.
Riley.
Sixth race — Mint Bed, Davrson, Ou
denarde.
Condition of the track— Fast.
OLY3IPIC ATHLETIC 'CLUB
HOLDS LADIES' NIGHT
DETiMAR SELECTION'S.
Quarterback Will Direct the Work of
Freshmen on Saturday.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 13.—
K. L. Fenton, the quarterback, was
elected captain to-night of the Stanford
freshman football team, which plays
the eleventh annual intercollegiate
game on Saturday with the 1908 eleven
from the University of California. Fen
toh's only competitor for the honor was
Cadwalader, left halfback, who comes
from Pomona. Fenton comes from
Portland. Or., where he was quarter
back and half on the strong Multnomah
Club team of that city. Gritty and full
of fight, Fenton has a good head on
his shoulders and will be capable of
running his team to the best advan
tage. He will act as field captain also,
giving the signals.
Assistant Coach C. D. Hauverman
announced the names of the freshmen
who will play against the University
of California at Berkeley Saturday aft
ernoon. The men and their positions
are as follows:
Left end. H. S. Wilson, from Harvard
School. Los Angeles; J«ft tackle, H. L Hor
ton. from Ukiah; left guard L. R. Gay from
Rfdlandfl; center, G. C. Coe. from Beimont;
r , K £l . gua . rd . AV • A - Sumner. from Denver;
right tackle. A. Tomasinl. from Palo Alto- right
end. B. Overman, from Mattoon. 111.; quarter
»? ; S. \- *r enton - from Portland; left half,
M. A. Cadwalader, from Pomona; right half
T. Vandervoort, from Palo Alto; fullback. A
M. Moody, from Beimont; substitutes— Center
A. E. Meyer; guards. G. L. Cox, R. T. Myers
tackles. N. P. Bryan. William Koerner; ends
E. D. Cole. R. C. Ramsey, S. M. Vail- quar
ter-back, A. L. Keane; halfbacks, A L.
Kocher. A^ H. Doig. J. R. Hanna; fullback.
J. R. Pemberton.
The officials of the game will be- C M
Fickert. Stanford '9R. referee; Percy Hall U*
?¦ » m ?£ e i J t> T^ Nour>(e ' Stanford '00. 'and
L. R. Mini. U. C, linesmen; D E Brown
Btanford '98. and W. M. Powell, U C time
keepers.
The freshmen have been resting since
they defeated the second eleven Tues
day and signal work has been
the order of the practice. It is Coach
Hauverman's intention to send a team
on the field that is perfect in team
work and trust the rest to the strength
of the individual players. The men will
go to Berkeley on Saturday morning,
accompanied by a large delegation of,
Stanford rooters. '
The final rally and send-off to the
freshman team was held In the chapel
last night. Five hundred of the car
dinal's best rooters indulged in an hour
of prolonged yelling and singing. Pro
fessor C. Searles, Rev. D. C. Gardner
and C. C. Seeley, left guard for Stan
ford in 1900 and now a member of the
visiting Multnomah team, were the
speakers of the evening.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; three-year
olds and ud; Durse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Rusk. 109 (Romanelli) 3 3 4 17^
8 to 1 — Scorpio. 106 (Troxler). ... 1 22 2 1
9 to 2 — Golden Rule, 104 (Nicol)... 2 1 h 3 h
Time, 1 :00 3-5. Start fair. Won cantering.
Winner. Johnson & Dodson's b. g. (3) by Ru»
eell-Muska. Don Domo 100, Pendergast 09, St.
Blue 99, Ran Gallant 104. finished as named.
FEXTOX TO CAPTA1X CARDINAL.
SIXTH RACE: — Three-year-olds and up; one
and an eighth miles:
Betting. Honw>. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 5 — Canyon. 117 (Young) 7 3 ns 1 2
5 to 1 — Pathos, 104 (Austin) 8 2 ns 2 ns
4 to 1— Triple Silver. 08 fDtekson) 1 1 S S «.
Time. 1:551,;. start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. M. Barrows' ch. - (4> by Cayuga-Sla
ter Monica. Burka Cochran KM, Imboden 9."».
Goo Goo 104. Miss Kon 9fl, St. Agnes II 9o,
Hickory Corners OS. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling; for
maiden two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— L. Henrietta.08 (Travers) 112 16
5 to 2 — Campo. 107 (Redfern)... 7 2 1 2n
20 to 1— Raiment, 104 (Creamer). 2 33 32
Time. :57 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. A. Featherstone's b. f. by Prevlous-
Bopcep. Critical, Ranger. Foxy, Bill Bailey
II. Rossbourne, Whitemarsh. Favormeer,
Storm Scud, Conjuregal. Woolnola; Otsego,
Julia G. Miller's Daughter, Limerick, Dance
Music, - St. Margrave, Marie M, Alcantura,
Ralbert finished as named.
' -FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
the Ramapo Handicap; three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 1— Outcome, 102 (W. Davis).. 3 5 4 1 H4
0 to 1— Mineola, 103 (Hildebrand). 4 2 H 5 l»i
4 to 1— Ormonde 1 *. Right, HO(Lyn) 2 4 % 3 h
Time, 1:56*£. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, W. Clay's b. f. by Sir Dlxon-Ollle Glenn.
Octrich, Wotan, and Dolly Spanker finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE — Thre*-year-olda and up; one
mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Worthington. 113 (Dugn) 2 IS 11
10 to 1 — J. Cantrill, 115 (Austin) 1 2 2 2 2
7 to 1— Glendon. 113 (Munro)... 4 3h 3 1
Time. 1:43. Start fair. Won driving. Winner.
Mrs. M. Goldblatt's g. m. (5) by St. Jullen-Ida
Glenn. Behoove 110. Dr. Kier 113. Drummond
110. Ivernia 115. R. Q. Smith 110. St. Stmonian
115. Secundus 110, Avoid 113, finished as
named.
•TANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League)
W. L. Pet. I W. I*. Pet.
Taccma 46 26 .£» Oakland 34 36 .486
BeatU* 33 34 .534|San Fran 31 33 .449
Los Acgf i«.e "5 31 .530|Portland 26 46 .361
After the Seals and the Commuters
had \*ainly striven for ten rounds to
entice the winning run over the pan
at Recreation Park yesterday the
shades of night began softly to de
¦cend on the Eighth-street lot, and the
two teams were forced to mak'e a get
away without deciding whose game it
vu. Oakland had it all ready to be
delivered In the last two rounds, but
cculd not make good. Score: 2 to 2.
No one will deny that the struggle
was as sensational and as erratic as
was ever pulled off at Recreation Park.
Fancy the Oakland team getting only
one hit and still being on the board
with a pair of tallies. But that one
•was called a homer by the umpire, and
it happened in the third round, when
the most dangerous of all the league
sluggers, Oscar Graham, smote the
leather out to deep center. The ques
tion as to whether the ball went over
the fence or not was raised, and the
umpire said it did. so that was all.
Corbett was wild, but he pitched ele
gant ball at that. Outside of that third
inniug nothing that looked like a hit
•was secured by the Oakland batsmen.
Joe received perfect support till the
ninth inning, after two were out. Then
Gorton executed a wild throw and the
run that tied it up was ushered In.
Two were fanned in the third when
Graham approached the plate and sent
the first ball pitched on a cruise out to
deep center. It hit either the house or
the fence and then bounded back. Um
pire McCarthy thought it was over the
fence and declared the hit a home run.
Of course the Seals did not agree with
the Indicator man and an awful row
followed, which lasted for several min
utes.
The Seals could not break in with a
run till the seventh. Graham had man
aged to get rid of two men, when he
forthwith passed Anderson and Goch
nauer. Gorton bit off a double that went
straight to the left field fence and An
derson galloped home. Brother Joe
Kent Gochnauer in from third with a
long fiy to Kruger, putting the Seals
one to the good.
It looked good for them, for the Oak
landers could not hit. Dunleavy opened
up the ninth with a dinky one to Cor
bett. Van Buren failed to get the throw
and Dun was safe. He lost no time in
tearing down to second and landed on
third when Schlafley bunted. Then
Kruger laid down a good one to An
derson. The Swede kid gobbled it up
and threw to the pan perfectly, catch
ing Dun by a foot. Kruger stole sec
ond and started for third, when Gor
ton threw the ball away to left field.
Kruger ambled in and it was a dead
lock.
The Seals could not get a man on the
tacks in their half of the ninth. Dev
reaux, for the Commuters, drew a
pass. He immediately went down
after Stark had fouled to Van Buren.
Gorton tried to catch "Brick" stealing
and made another bad throw, sending
the "Red" one to third. Graham was
also passed and he, too, partook of a
tteal. Canley was called out on strikes
and Francks ended the struggle with
a fly to Waldron. The score:
San Francisco — | Oakland —
AB.R. H. P.A.j AB.R. H. P.A.
VnBrn.lb 4 0 0 14 O Ganly. rf 4 0 0 2 1
Hlldbd. If 4 0 O 0 0 Frncks s 5 0 0 1 6
Wldrn. cf 4 O 2 4 41 Dnlvy. If 4 0 0 2 0
Meany, rf 4 O 1 2 O Schlfly.2b 3 0 0 12
Irwtn. Sh -I O 0 0 4 Krugr, cf 4 1 O 1 1
Adrsn. 2b 3 1 O 1 3 Streib, lb 3 0 O 12 0
Gochrr, s 3 1 0 0 0 Devnc 3b 3 0 0 3 3
Ocrton. c 4 0 1 » 0 Stark, c. 3 0 0 7 2
Corbett,p 4 0 10 S^rahm, p2 1 1 1 1
Totals.30 2 5 50 I2j Totals. 31 2 1 30 la
BUNS AXD HITS BY INXIXGS.
Can Francisco. O0O00O2O0 0 — >
Base hits 291100100 0—5
Oakland 001000001 0—2
Base hits 001000000 0—1
EUMMART.
Home run — Graham. Stolen bases— Stark.
Dunleavy. Graham. Devereaux. Errors —
Francks 2. Schlntley. Van Buren. Gorton 2.
Tu-o-b*«e hit — Gui-ton. Sacrifice hit — Schlafley.
First base on crror--O«kland. First base
en called balls — Off Corbett (5, off Graham 4.
Left on bases — San Francisco S. Oakland (i.
etruck out— By Corbett 7, by i Graham 4.
Double plays— Graham to Streib, Devereaux to
FVancks. Passed ball — Gorton. . Wild pitch
Corbrtt. Time of game — Two hours and fifteen
minute*. Umpire — McCarthy. Called at end of
tenth Inning oa account of darkness.
THREE STRAIGHT FOR TACOMA.
BERKELEY, Oct. 13. — There was
a mutiny among the men of the fresh
man football team this afte'rnoon
when Graduate Manager Ezra Decoto
walked on the field and said:
"I have to announce that there will
be no complimentary tickets for the
team members to the game on Satur
day. Captain Allen alone get a
complimentary-"
Nothing was said for a few mo
ments, but Coach Hopper finally
broke the silence. He walked up to
Decoto and said: t
"How much are the tickets, Mr.
Decoto? I will buy them myself for
the men. They've worked hard enough
to be entitled to them and they de
serve them."
Instantly protest was made by the
players against the acceptance of
Coach Hopper's offer. The men
crowded about him, declaring that jf
tickets had to be bought each man
would buv his own.
Manager Deco^o stood aside while
the men discussed the matter. Fin
ally he receded from his original
stand and announced that eighteen
men would be given two tickets and
ten men one ticket each and that ul
timatum settled the affair. It became
a closed incident — on the football
field. Elsewhere on the campus
tongues buzzed and gossips rolled the
story of the mutiny as a sweet morsel
under their tongues.
One week ago Coach Hopper and
Manager Decoto clashed on the ques
tion of applying sawdust to the field.
Hopper insisted that sawdust must be
used. Decoto said it would cost too
much. Hopper said players were be
ing injured by the roughness of the
ground. Decoto said men could be
spared this year as well as any other.
This argument created a stir which
had died down only to be revived by
the fracas to-night over the football
tickets.
Jimmy Britt made a quiet Journey to
the bank yesterday and took out $2500,
which he placed in the hands of Harry
Corbett, the official stakeholder for the
Gans-Britt fight. This coin is the for
feit James threatened to post a few
days ago to bind his coming match
with Joe Gans. Now that it is up no
one will worry on that score, and an
other stone is also laid to pave the way
for the battle.
No permit was issued yesterday aft
ernoon by the Board of Supervisors,
for the reason that the Police Commit
tee did not meet, as was expected. They
have postponed their meeting until this
afternoon, when the matter will prob
ably be settled one way or another.
Just what is going to happen still re
mains to be seen. Manager Coffroth is
as confident as ever, and the fact that
his 51000 forfeit is in the hands of Harry
Corbett would indicate that he has
some kind of a line which promises
much. The Shasta Club people and all
others interested in_the mill were san
guine of the outcome last night and
said that there would be no trouble
about the permit.
If the permit Is not issued the Shasta
Club promoters may attempt to hold
the fight at all hazards. They would
be successful If the police did not inter
fere. Should the latter body decline to
mix with the club officials the Super
visors would be powerless to prevent
the bout and it would then take place
without their sanction. This is only idle
rumor, but such a thing is possible and
strange incidents happen every day,
especially in the prizefight business.
However, the whole thing will probably
be settled for once and all when the
Police Committee of the Supervisors
get together this afternoon and take
definite action.
Manager Willie Britt announced last
night that James would leave his coun
try seat at San Mateo to-morrow and
take to the Seal Rock House to begin
his task of getting into condition. Willie
is afraid Jimmy will go stale if he does
too much' work, and therefore the
champ will not overwork himself. He
has been doing some light training at
San Mateo and can round into form at
short notice.
MORRIS PARK, Oct. 13.— General
regret is being expressed on. all Bides
at the fact that weather and track
conditions are unfavorable for the
complete success of the closing week
of the Morris Park meeting. Horses
are beating others which are vastly
their superiors under normal condi
tions. The heavy track has played 1
havoc with form in some cases. Still,
old turfmen declare that but for Just
such happenings the turf would lose
much of its attractions. The uncer
tainties of the game help some as
much as they hurt others.
Lady Henrietta opened at 100 to 1
and closing at '20 to 1, ran away with
the third race. . For the Ramapo
handicap, the chief race of the day.
Dolly Spanker, with 120 pounds, was
top weight. He was not fancied by
his people, and went to 7 to 1. He
was last all the way. "He never saw
the day he could go nine furlongs and
concede twenty pounds to Wotan, as
that colt is now," was the remark of
one close to the Dolly Spanker stable.
Wotan made all the running for sev
en furlongs, when Woodford Clay's
Outcome made her bid and won v clev
erly. Mineola was. second all the way
and Ormonde's Right third, a head in
front of Ostrich, which got away last.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Withers mile; selling; for
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Sais, 100 (Hildebrand).. 4 4516
8 to 1 — Stln Moments.luo (Dvis) S 3n 2h
1»> to 3 — Greencrest, 09 (Cochran) 3.21 3 h
Time, 1:43 1-5. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. J. Blute's b. c. by St. Blaise-Gen
tility. Pronta, Prince Chlng, Homestead,
Keynote, Locket finished as named.
SECON'b RACE— About three miles; the
Autumn Meadowbrook handicap steeplechase
for hunters; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 10-<-Libretto II.154(Mr.Stne) 5 23 13
13 to 5— Pure Pepr,148(Mr.Page) 2 3 2 2 100
7 to 1— R.B.Sack.150 (J. (yBrn) 3 4 10 3 60
Time, 6:30. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. C. Pflzer's ch. g. by The Sailor Prince-
Luna. Pious, Jim Slick finished as named.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland ..* 1 00 0*0000— 1
Bzse hits 3 0 1 O 2 1 0 1 2—10
Tacoma 1 0 2 0 0 1 1 0 x — 5
Base hits 1 0 110 112 x — 7
SUMMARY.
Errors— Marshall. Runkle 2. Kellackey.
Struck out— By Keefe 3 by Thielraan 2. First
base on called balls— By Keefe 1, by Thlelman
S. Wild pitch— Keefe. Hit by pitcher— Eagan
2. Graham. Two-base hit— Sheehan. Three
ba«e hit — Eagan. Sacrifice hits — Hogan. Na
ti*au. First base on errors — Tacoma 3. Stolen
bat's — Sheehan. Lynch. Doyle Nadeau. Earned
runs — Portland 1. Left on bas«a — Tacoma 11.
Portland 5. Double plays — Sheehan to Eagan
to Hogan; Sheehan to Carey to Graham. Time
of game — One hour and 45 minutes. Umpire —
Tom Brown.
SMITH SAVES THE GAME.
Seattle Man's Perfect Throw to Plate
Completes Double Play.
SEATTLE. Oct. 13. — Seattle won
from Los Angeles to-day in a strug
gle that was decidedly strenuous. Af
ter getting a good lead Seattle was
relegated to the rear by an attack on
Pitcher Jay Hughes that was wonder
ful to behold. Los Angeles simply
clouted the ball all- over the field,
shooting six runs across the plate.
From that time on until the seventh
Seattle did not have a word to say.
Three consecutive singles off Hall
gave two runs. Flood then put In
Newton. One more hit and Seattle
got the third run, which gave her the
lead again.
Hickey finished the game for Seat
tle and in every inning tied* himself
up but managed to work out without
a scratch, Carlos Smith's throw to
the home plate in the eighth complet
ing a double that saved the game. The
score:
Seattle 0 3200030 x— 8
Base hits 1 2 3 0 10 4 0 x— 11
Los Angeles 1 0 0 6 0 0 0 0 0— 7
Base hits 1 10 6 0 10 2 0—11
Seattle — I Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
VnHn, cf 4 1 2 3 0; Brnrd, cf 4 1 1 3 0
Mohlr.2b 4 12 2 4iFlood,2b 5 12 0 0
Bnk?p,3b 4 111 l|j.Smh,3b 4 1111
Frisk, If 4 1 3 3 O.Crvth. rf 4 0 1 3 1
Leahy, c 4 10 6 l;»!ghar.lb 3 1 0 11 1
C.Smh.rf 4 12 1 O.Toman.ss 6 0 14 3
R.Hall.ns 3 0 0 3 2: Ross If 3 1 1 1 0
Wllms.lb 3 10 8 liSptes. c 2 1 2 1 3
Hghce. p 2 1 1 0 3 W.Hall.p 3 110 2
Hlckey.p 10 0 0 1 Nwton.p 10 10 1
*Eagar ...1 0 0 0 0
Totals.33 8 11 27 13 -
Totals.35 7 11 24 12
•Eagar batted for Ross in the ninth. '
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SUMMARY.
Errors — Mohler. Leahy, Hughes (2), Flood.
Stolen bases— Frisk, C. Smith. J. Smith (3).
Cravath (2). Two-base hit— Frisk. Three-base
nit — C. Smith. Double plays — Brashear (un
assisted). Carlos Smith to Leahy. Bases on
balls— Off Hughes 1. off Hickey 1, off W.
Hall 2. Hit by pitched ball— R. Hall, Spies,
Cravath. Sacrifice hits— Bernard. Koes, Spies.
Struck out — By Hughes 3. by Hickey 2, by
Newton 2. Hits oft pitchers — Off Hughes 9,
off Hickey 2, off W. Hall 10, oft Newton 1.
Innings pitched — By Hughes 7, by Hickey 2
by W. Hall 6. Full innings and into the sev
enth until three hits had been made with none
out — Newton 1, and part of one more opponent
at bat; Hughes. 29; Hickey, 6; W. Hall 26;
Newton, 7. Wild pitch— Hughes. Time of
game — One hour and 55 minutes. Umpire —
McDonald.
Incident Causes an Unusual
Amount of Discussion
on the College Campus
SCORES AT WIRE
BY A SHORT HEAD
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 13.— Aden, which
was kicked at the post and was bleed
ing badly, ran a great race to-day at
Delmar, beating a fine field of handi
cap horses. Commodore tired under
a heavy impost. Surprise developed
in the first, second, third and fourth
events. The weather was clear and
the track fast. Attendance. 4000.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Ftve and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds;
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
5 to 1— Edith May. 105 (Dlckaon) 12 3 12
1 t» 3— Violin. 105 (D. Austin).... 2 lh 2 8
60 to 1— Cassilanna, 100 (Chtham) 5 3 2 3 2
Tune. 1:08%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. E. Burnett & Co.'» br. f. by Ingoldsby-
Admittance. St. Flour 103. Kitty Bell Brooks
ICO. Edna « Sandman 105. Makaina 100. Mr.
Barnaby 1C0. Trcurere 103. John H. Kirby 105.
Lady Gift JfiO, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; four-year
olds and us:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
B to 1 — Subador. 1C5 (Post) 1 12 12
3 to 1 — Jake Ward, 103 fDugan).. 8 22 2 1»4
20 to 1— St. Wood. 108 (Munro).. 2 5 2 3 2
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. F. J. Douglass* b. g. (5) by Floust-Mary
Louise. Maverick 102. Fitzbrillar 103. Fran*
Rica 105. Computation 105. Little Corker 105,
First Chip 105. Kindred 107. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— McJetta. 82 (3. Dtckson) 4 lnilS
« to 1— Ethel's Pride, $2 (Rice).. 6 3 h 2 h
12 to 1— L. Churchill. 1C3 (Emlm) 1 2 2 3 2
Time. 1:08 ii. Start fair. Won easily Win
ner. C. H. Schwacker's br. f. (2> by Dund<~-
Good Friend. Mayor Carpenter 103. Marchion
ess 108. Wlnifrede 105. Bob Curt 1C3. Miss
Powell 85, Apple Sweet 1C9. Onanetta 108, Only
Jlmmle D8, Rejoice 113, flniehed a* named.
FOURTH RACE — Three-year-olds and up;
seven furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Si. % Fin.
1O to 1 — Aden. 112 (Cheatham). .. S 4 2 12
4 to 1 — Commodore. 123 (Young) 7 1 lKZz
10 to 1— Lustig. 03 (Dlokson) 2 23' 3 1
Time. l:27*i. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. D. Stringer** b. h^ (5) br Athel
ins-Ulsle. Just So 110. Pretension 106. Mis*
Doyle 106, Ralnland 1H>. finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13. — The Canadians
put over a good thing In the ' third
race, at one mile, at "Worth, this after
noon, when Good Cheer landed at 6
to 1. Columbia Girl, at 25 to 1. set
the early pace, closely pressed by
Good Cheer. At the far turn Good
Cheer went to the front. Turning for
home Copperfleld was second, and
from there to the wire the result was
between them. Good Cheer barely
winning by a head. Ananias, the fa
vorite, was beaten four lengths for
third place.
The track was fast, the weather
ideal and the attendance one of the
largest of the week. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; thre»-year-old
fillies; Belling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Glad Smiles. 09 (Foy).. 1 1« 15
21 to 5— Mlmon. 09 (Shaver) 2 22 23
7 to 1 — Trossachs, 9» (Lannon). .Vi Ah 3 1
Time. 1:14 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, H. McCarren Jr.'s br. f. by Dr. Mc-
Bride-Grace Lee. Miss Anthony 104. St. Mer
rylegs 104. Lucy E S 104. Serenity 105. Seven
Oaks 90, Bernice »9, Tapiola 105. Ethel Abbott
107, Mandy Lee 99. Fly Lady 104. Janet Fonso
104. Belle Dodson 104, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— Roy. Pirate, 08 (Harris) 4 1 n 13
6 to 1-x-Jlngler, 97 (Shaver) 5 22 21
5 to 1— Santa Teresa.07 (Jenkns) 2 7 2 3 n
Time. 1 :56 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. M. Walker's ch. g. («) by Pirate
of Penzance-Bettie Wilson. Prosader 105.
Avenger 93. Miss Melton 00. Peeper 08. Wins
Dance 102. Rabunta 08. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Mile; three-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *f. Fin.
5 to 1— Good Cheer.es (Rmnelli) 4 In In
11 to 2— Copperfleld. 105 (Troxlor) 2 2 h 2 2ft
14 to 5— K. Ellsworth. 107 (Nlcol) 6 4 h 3 4
Time, 1:412-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. George Hendrie's * ch. t. by Fonso-
Harper. Ananias 107, Columbia Girl 101.
Katie Powers 07, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— -One and an eighth miles;
three-year-old* and up; selling:
Betting Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Falemlan. 08 (Mclntyre) 2 2 1 13
8 to 1— Idle, 94 (Foy) * 32 21
10 to 1— Sarilla, 97 (Shaver) 1 11 3 1
Time, 1:55. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. Arthur's ch. c. (3) by .FonsoFalerna.
Major Mansir 117. Little Wally 07, Sioux Chief
07, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; two-y ear- olds;
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Judge Sauft>y.98 (Smstr) 7 6 1 11
10 to 1— Dixie Lad.98 (Mclntyre) 1 2 1 2 h
11 to 1— Palm Tree, 03 (Herbert) 2 5 1 3UJ
Time. 1:42 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, J. Brill * Co.'s b. c. by The Pepper-
Aureole. Allen Avon 107. pig Beach 09. Ivan
the Terrible 08, Matador OS, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PERMIT YET IN DOUBT
Supervisors Will Meet To-
Day, When Fate of Shasta
Club Is to* Be Decided
DIFFICULTY ADJUSTED
OUTCOME CAPTURES
L'AMAPO HANDICAP
COMMODORE TIRES
UNDER HIS IMPOST
Graham's Disputed Home Run the
Only Hit Commuters* Make, but
Misplay Allows Another Tally
James Deposits $2500 With
Harry Corbett and Sports
Breathe a Little Easier
Manager Announces Fresh
man Players Are to Eeceive
No Complimentary' Cards
Aden, After Being Injured
at Post, Beats a Good
Field.
Lady Henrietta at 100 to 1
Runs Away With Third
Event.
BRITT'S MONEY
IS UP AT LAST
DECOTO STIRS
BERKELEY MEN
Shades or Evening Descend
on Ball Park With the Score
Tied Up in the Tenth Inning
HEAVY TRACK UPSETS THE RACING FORM
OF HORSES AT MORRIS PARK
Good Cheer Wins at Liberal
Odds at the Worth
Track.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER .14.. 190*.
PLAYERS MUTINY WHEN FOOTBALL TICKETS ARE REFUSED THEM
Cleveland Beats Plttsburg.
PITTSBURG. Oct. * 13. — A base on balls rol
lowed by three hlta nave Clei'elaod two runs
In the first inning. Wagner's wild throw in the
sixth, trying to catch Vinson at the plate let
let in the winning run. Score:
. , R. H. E.
Plttsbui\r 2 S 1
Cleveland ..".. »:.*..; 3 0 ' 0
Batteries — Lynch and Phelps; Rhodes and
Buelow. - .. >.;¦*••.*
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 13. — The American ' League
team won the fourth of - the fames for the
championship of St. Louis, ¦ making: the stand-
Ins Americans 3, Nationals 1. Although slight
ly, out-hit, the American team played a faster
game, and woti by the score of 3 to 2. Attend-
Aroerieans .;..:....:.. .....;3 -5 .1
¦ • Batteries — McFarland and Grady ; Glad* ud
10
FREE FREE — ¦ FREE.
LUNCH— DINNER— TEA.
CREPE PAPER
. SETS
——Consisting of
TABLE CLOTH,
ia NAPKINS,
is DOILIES.
As a Table Ornament Nothing
Could Be More Desirable
or Serviceable.
A SET FREE
WITH WANT ADS.
IN THE SUNDAY. CALL.
; See announcement on classi-
fied page.
APVERTX<rer\n^sT3.
Trvnks, Svit Coses
and Leather Goods
In unlimited styles and vari-
eties at the right price. New
and up-to-date goods con-
stantly arriving. Our goods
are always dependable. Don't
fail to call on us when you
are interested.
• t>. omitn Co.,
116 Ellis, near Powell. .To Korea — 3666 lbs butter, 1020 lbs lard,
4180 lbs ham and bacon, 115 cs canned goods,
680 lbs meals, 0 ce vinegar, 640 lbs dried fruit,
560 lbs sugar, 10 pkgs groceries and provisions,
10 cs dry goods, 256 pkgs hardware. -
To Slam— 925 lbs meals, 2 pkgs provisions,
4 eg dry goods, 3 pkgs sewing machines, 2
bxs Eoap.
278 lbs dried fruit, 490 lbs raisins. 2 cs table
preparations.
TO ARRIVE^
Steamer. From. - I Due.
Nicaria.: Seattle .." Oct. 14
Wyefleld Oyster Harbor Oct. 14
Homer Humboldt Oct. 14
Iaqua 'San Pedro Oct. 14
Corona Humboldt Oct. 14
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham.. Oct. 14
Elizabeth Coquille River Oct. 14
City Peking.. New York via Ancon. Oct. 15
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 15
Centralla Grays Harbor Oct. 15
Argo Eel RIve r Ports Oct. 15
-6. W. Elder. . Portland &- Astoria Oct. 16
Breakwater... Coos Bay . Oct. 16
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 16
Ammon...... Hamburg & Way Pts.iOct. 16
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma ....!Oct. 17
StoV- of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts.iOct. 17
G. Dollar Grays Harbor iOct. 17
Pomona Humboldt IOct. 17
Chlco.'../..... Goquille River ...|Oct."17
Del Norte.'. ... Crescent City ; Oct. 17
W. Kruger. . . . Humboldt » . . .' Oct. 17
Alliance.;..:.. Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 18
Queen •• Puget Sound ¦ Ports. ... Oct. 18
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. Oct."18
Eureka Humboldt . '. Oct. 18
San Jose . . New ! York via Ancon . . Oct/ 19
Aurella Portland & Astoria Oct. ID
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 19
Arcata .Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Oct. 19
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Oct. 20
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 20
Colombia Portland & Astoria. ... Oct. 21
S. Dollar Yokohama Oct. 21
City Puebla. . . Puget Sound Ports Oct. 23
Alameda Honolulu Oct. 25
Doric China & Japan Oct. 25
TO~SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 14.
Iaqua Aetorla 8c Portland 10 am Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm|Pler 10
S. Monica. . . Grays Harbor. . 2 pm Pier 2
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor Pier —
Bonita.... :.^j Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am, Pier 24
Homer Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Redondo Astoria & Portland 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt Orfd 10 am Pier 13
N. Fork Humboldt 12 m| Pier 20
October 15.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier IS
Point Arena Point Arena ...;.. 4 pm Pier 2
Newport N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 4O
Centralia... Los Angeles Porte. 10 am Pier 10
San Pedro.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 5 pm Pier 20
Sequoia.... Wlllapa Harbor.... 12 m Pier 20
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
. i October 16.
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
S. Rosa.;.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 17.
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
/ October 18.
Rainier.... Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
October 19.
Amer. Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Arctic. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
S. Barbara.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier °0
Chico Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 20
Pomona.... I Humboldt l:30pPler 9
' October 20.
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Marlposa... Tahiti direct ..... 11 am Pler''7
Nicaria Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 20
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 21.
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pro Pier 20
October 22.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City Peking. N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 27
October 25. • ]
Algoa < China & Japan |Pier 40
* ~ FROM SEATTLE. ~~
Steamer. Destination. | Sails
City Seattle- Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 14
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. Oct.. 15
Santa Ana . Seldovia & Way Ports. Oct. 16
Humboldt Skagway fc Way Ports. Oct. 18
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Ul
tonla, from Naples: stmr Cltta ¦ dl Napoli,
from Naples and Genoa: stmr Numidlan. from
Glasgow; stmr Belnravla, from Hamburg.
Sailed Oct 13 — Stmr Hamburg, for Hamburg,
via Plvmouth and Cherbourg-; stmr Bremen,
for Bremen: »tmr La Tburaine. for Havre.
HAVRE — Arrived Oct 13 — Stmr La Savoi«,
from New Yprk. '
QUEEN STOWN— Arrived Oct 1&— Stmr Bal
tic, from New York.
Sailed Oct 13 — Stmr Teutonic, from Liver
pool, for New York. •
CHERBOURG—^Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Moltke.
from New York, via Plymouth, for . Hamburg,
and proceeded.
LONDON— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Mesaba,
for > New York. - • • . .
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Phoeni
cia, from New York.
COPENHAGEN— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Nlco.
lal n. for Boston. ¦¦¦ '
OCEAN STEAMERS,
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 12— Qer ship Na-
Jade. from Rotterdam. • *
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct 12— Ship
Edward Sewatl. from Honolulu >
DELAWARE BREAKWATER — Oct 12 —
Ship Bangalore has been ordered .. to proceed
to Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
. COLON — Sailed Oct 12 — Stmr Advance, for
Arrived Oct 12 — Stmr Yucatan, from Xew
YpSWICH— Arrived Oct 10— Br bark Bar
core from Tacoma. ¦
ALGIERS— Sailed prior to Oct 13 — Br stmr
Foyle. for Boston and New York.
ACAPULCO — Sailed Oct 10 — Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco; atmr San Juan, for Ancon.
Arrived Oct 9 — Br ship. Mylomene.' from
Newcastle Aus. ' ' • '
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 13— Br stmr.Tele
machus, from Liverpool, Via Honjrkonj.' ¦
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Siberia,
hence Oct 7; bark Olympic, hence Sept 22.
Arrived Oct 13— U S stmr C P Patterson,
fr g?ll^d U Oct 13— Schr V? H Marston, for San
Francisco: stmr Siberia, for Yokohama and
MANILA— Sailed Oct 9 — Br , stmr Salami,
for New York..
EASTERN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13. — Mrs. Nellie
Ferguson, aged 36, formerly of Balti
more, was burned to death; 'a man
said to be of local prominence, who
gave his name as John Smith, leaped
from a window and sustained injuries
which will. make him a "cripple -for
life, and several other persons had
thrilling escapes from death or. Injury
in a fire in a house in West Fifty
fourth street to-day.
and Many People Narrowly Ea
capc' Death.
Fire in Gotham Result* in Fatality
WOJIAN DIES AND JIAN WILL
BE A CRIPPLE FOR LIFE
ROME, Oct. 13. — At the next con
sistory, which is to be held Novembej
14, it is not likely that any American
Cardinal will be elected on account of
the conflicting claims of Americarrist
and anti-Americanist prelates. Evi
dently the Pope's opinion of "Ameri
canism" differs from that of his pred
ecessor. After Cardinal Satolli's
American tour it was asserted that no
Cardinal of any nation would be
elected.
Conflicting Claims of Prelates and
Pope's Views Will Sway the
Coming Consistory.
ELECTION OF AN AMERICAN
AS CARDINAL* NOT LIKELY
: HONOLULU,- Oct. 7.-^-WlIliam Fran
cis Love, a well-known citizen of
Honolulu, committed suicide at about
7 o'clocjc on the morning, of October
5. Love was the secretary and a large
shareholders in the Manufacturers'
Shoe Company of this city. On the
previous afternoon he gave the key of
the shoe store to B. Samraons, the
bookkeeper, and instructed him to
open the store in the morning, re
marking that W. H. Smith, the man
ager, would return from the coast on
the -Sonoma. He then bought a re
volver and a box of cartridges, saying
that they were for a friend but hav
ing them charged in his own name.
He was restless through the night and
in the morning put the revolver to his
breast, shooting himself through the
heart.
Love was born in California on. the
14th of July, 1864. He came to the
islands early in life and has spent
most of his time here.
Secretary of' Honolulu Corporation
Takes His Own Life With Newly
-. - Purchased Revolver.
ENDS RESTLESS NIGHT
WTTH BULIiET IX BREAST
WASHINGTON, Oct 13.— That the
canteen is of great moral benefit to the
army Is the claim made by Brigadier
General G. H. Burton in his annual re
port as inspector general of the army,
to the Secretary of War, made public
to-day.
- "It seems to be almost; the unanimous
sentiment of the army," he says, "that
the one thing lacking to meet tha
soldiers' wants and tastes Is the can
teen feature. . The absence of this leads
to sickness, the commission of military
offenses, desertion and other crimes,
as well as impaired discipline, by
driving men to resort to the low
dives and groggeries that have sprung
up like mushrooms around mili
tary reservations since the prohibition
law was enacted. In fact, the canteen
feature Is not only a benefit morally,
but the profits' derived from the sales
of beer and light wines are used to im
prove the mess, as well as for the pur
chase of periodicals, publications, etc.,
all of which add to the soldiers' com
fort and contentment."
General Burton then quotes the In
spector general of the Philippine di
vision as saying regarding the can
teen:
"Its absence is seriously felt. The ef
fect, especially in the provinces, is to
encourage men in the, use of the va
rious native drinks, in some instances
of opium." ~/*- ¦'¦
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 13.— The most im
portant action of to-day's session of
the annual convention of the Associa
tion of Military and Naval Surgeons of
the United States .was the unanimous
adoption of a resolution, recommend
ing that "the sale of beer be permitted
at the army post exchanges, subject to
such regulations as shall be determined
by the general Btaff and tha Secretary
of War."
A resolution was also adopted peti
tioning Congress to reorganize the med
ical departments of the army and navy,
and to give to the medical officers the
dignity and power enjoyed by officers
of rank in the "respective
branches of the service.
Inspector General Burton
Says Canteen Is the One
Thing Needed by Soldiers
KESOLTJTIOXS ADOPTED
Army and Navy Surgeons Be
lieve Beverage Should Be
Handled at Post Exchanges
SALE OF BEER
RECOMMENDED
; FRIDAY. OCTOBER 14.^. ,
Eun ri*es ....."...... \ ...6:17
Sun . eeu .....;..... 6 :35
Moon sets ....10:10 p. m.
0 Time |Tlme Time Time
H j Ft. I— — I Ft. Ft. Ft.
» H W |L W \H W . L W
14 ¦ 4:05 4.6 8:50 3.1 2:57 6.0 9:59 ~O2
15 \ 5:11 4.5 10:00 3.2 8:89 4.6 11:00 0.4
16 6:15 4.5 11:20 3.2 5:17 •4.5.7.V. ....
L.W H-W L W H W
17 0:00 0.6 7:15 4.6 12:40 8.1 6:18 4.3
18 0:52 '0.8 8:02 4.9 1:38 2.7 7:27 4.2
19 1:42 1.0 8:41 5.0 2:28 2.2 8:26 4.2
20 2:27 1.2 9:18 5.2 8:09 1.9 9:19 4.4
NOTE — In the I above exposition of tha tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column s and the : successive ; tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time;: the
fourth : time . column gives . the last | tide I of | the
day. except when there are but three tides; aa
sonietisies ; occurs. , The .' heights : given are in
addition to the soundings of the; United States
Coast . Survey, Charts, except when a minus (— ) '
sign precedes the height and then ' the number
Liner China Arrives.
Shortly befora the big Mongolia pulled out
from tte deck for the Orient the Pacific Mall
steamship China arrived from Cnina and Ja
pan. Ehe dropped her anchor cut In the bay.
and aa one vessel ieft the slip the .other
eteamed in and made fast to the wharf. ' With
the America Mara on one side and the Mon
golia on the other there wa> no room for an
cther ship. «nd the la»t arrival had to await
her turn. The vessel had 2274 tone of . cargo
and !:::,\£55 la treasure. Grant Wallace war
correspondent of the Bulletin, come* * ' back
from Manchuria. Mr. Wallace eaw much of
the fighting despite the senseless restriction*
of th« ¦ Japanese officials and adds his testi
mony concerning the duplicity of the commis
sioned officers of the Mikado. They mere pro
fufe in promises to the newpaper men. which
trcre never meant to be kept, and when taxed
with their duplicity replied with falsehood and
more promises.
Captain D. Bror.n of the Danish army, mili
tary attache, who was with the Russian force.*
at Liaoyang and other notable engagement*
is returning to Europe. He believe* that In
the end Japan will be crushed. The conflict
will continue. Captain Brunn avers, tm japan
drops from sheer weariness and lies under the
iet t cf her terrible loe. or till the nations etop
the conflict. Japan hide* her crippled condi
tion .from al! the world except Russia but
finally it will be known. The Danish officer
kuows Kurcpatkin and Stoessel.
Allen Dunn of the Honolulu Commercial Ad.
vertieer. Captain Jatnen A. Logan. U. S A
and W. D. Tyler of the Standard Oil Company
were amnr.g the passengers.
Tha cabin passengers vere as follows: Colo
nel E. C. Elllston, Mrs. Elllston, Grant Wal
lac*. H. E. BeJI, AlrV Bell and two children,
D. Brunn. Mrs. J. £•. Healing. Mrs. R. Hutch
ison, E. H. Parsocs. E. T*makl. T. Sloda, Dr
J. J. Grace. Allen Dunn. O. R. Williams. Mrs.
M. TT. Parkhurst and Infant, Mrs. E. F.
HlEhop. F. Garbrecht, W. D. Tyler. Colonel
Ludwig Cleve, IjvsM. Chan, On Sho Tehun.
Henrr H. Pearson Jr., Mrs. Pearson: Captain
J. A. I/scan, I*. S A.: Mrs. James H. -Blount.
J. ITss-lbcrt . J- K. Hawk. Miss E. Burdette
Leach. J. A. Nucent. S. W. . Taylor. Mrs. C
Ctmeron. Vn. E. C. Williams. K.^H. Dulsen
htrg. Ctara "Dtilscrherg. Mrs. F. D. Walker. C
». Walker. H. 2% Walker. Mrs. J. Walker.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
. Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort ¦ Point, - entrance to San Francisco
Ray. Published by official authority of the
¦ Superintendent. ' --,•-.{-
! NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both placfa.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
" chants' Exchange, . San Francisco. Cal .'.
October 13. 1904.
The Timo Ball on the' tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. e., at noon of ' the 120th meridian, or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT, '
Lieutenant. U.' 8. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
To . Philippine Islands— 1001 bbls flour, 2415
cs assorted canned goods, 100 pkgs potatoes,
55 pkgs groceries and provisions, 6104 lbs cof
fee, 560 lbs BUgrar. 81 cb table preparations, 27
cb baking powder, 204' pkps fresh fruits, 302
cb canned salmon, 30 cb liquor*. 654 gain wine,
128 gals 354 cs whUky. 620 , pkgs Bottled
beer. 500 bales hay. 81,295 lbs beans. 38.409
Iba lard. 2750 lbs bread. 25 ce . honey, 1380
lbs dried fruit. 116S lbs nuts. 2850 lbs dressed
poultry, 11 pkgn dry goods. -10. rolls leather,
75 pkes . machinery, 100 bxs eoap, C0~pcs-8
pkgs pipe, > 25 rolls roofing material, ¦; 11 < bdls
brooms, 33 . bbla 67 cs paints, 25 pkgs ' drugs,
567 pkgs ' paper,' 50 bales cotton, 19 pkgs . elec
trical " supplies. 4 42 ' pkgs •* vehicles ¦' and • parts.
To East Indies — 433 --. cs ' assorted V canned
eoods. fiC67 lbs heps, 6* bales hay. 4 ca honey,
To China — 28,000 bbl» flour, 490 cs canned
goods 4352 ¦ lbs 10 cs cheeee, 7800 lbs pearl
barley. 980 lbs ham and bacon. 15 bbls . beef,.
2275 lbs dried fruit, 3200 lbs codfish, 115 cs
table preparations. 3219 lbs beans, 1760 lbs
5 c* raisins. 132 pkgs groceries and provisions,
765 lbs 11 ca bread. S32 pkg« fresh fruits, 250
pkgs potatoes, 4793 lbs ginseng.' 200 cs beer,
11 pkgs druge. 8 cs boots and shoes, lie pc»
machinery. 6 Pkgs dry, goods. 26 pkgs roofing
material. • -. * - :. - -
• The steamer Mongolia sailed yesterday* for
Hongkong and way ports, via Honolulu,
with a general merchandise cargo, valued at
I5S0.027. exclusive of treasure, to be distrib
uted as follows : For Japan, 1333, 640; China.
$1C9,S32; Philippine Islands, 505,115; East In
dies, $3221; Korea. $6734; Slam, $919; Hono
lulu, $506. VThe following were the principal
Kh.'jpments: ¦*
To Japan — 1514 bbls flour. 8S90 lbs dried
fruit, "-"20 lbs raisins. 140*J lbs butter, 206
lbs cheeee, 105 cb canned goods. 127 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 130 pkgs table prep
arations, 10 pkga potatoes, 52U5 lbs dried
ft£h, 740 lbs salt, 58,035 lt» sugar, 586 gals
wine, 2S15 lbe bam and bacon, 1U15 lbs cof
fee 10 ctls oats. 5 cs syrup, 47T bales 22 cb
leather. W> flasks quicksilver, 154 cs boots
and shoes, 60 pkgs paints, 60 pkgs roofing ma
terial. 10 pkgs electrical supplies. 0 pkgs dry
goods, 17 pkgs agricultural Implements. 401,920
lbs tan bark. 137 pkgs machinery. 233 bxs
soap. 1000 lbs cascara, 31 pkgs drugs. 142 bbls
tanning extract, 4423 bales cotton. 160 bales
sheeting, 500 kegi nai Li, '200,250 lbs tin plate.
33 pkgs plumbing supplies, 494S lbs crude rub
ber.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The schooner General Banning sailed yester
day for Mazatlan and San Bias with 12,295
pes and 143 bdls lumber. 1024 bdls shooks.
418 cs blasting powder, 900 cs' dynamite, 600
cs blasting cartridge*. 7 cs blasting caps, 32
cs fuse and 6S) bales hay, valued at $15,4U7.'
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping; Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
A new overdue ship was posted on the rein
surance list yesterday. She is the Rosalie Ati,
151 days from New Caledonia to* Delaware
breakwater, 5 per cent.
Captain Prebble of the steamer Bonita is on
the sick list and Captain Nicholson has tem
porary command of the vessel.
Ernest Barry, a stevedore, received a com
pound fracture of the right tibia yesterday. He
was work-ins; on the Pacific Mail dock and - a
hf-avy piece of timber fell on his leg. He lives
at 110% Silver street.
The American ship Indiana, Captain Bolton,
arrived yesterday from Alaska with 09,55u
cases of salmon.
Advices from Callao state that the British
bark Donna Francesca from Vancouver waa
damaged In a collision. She was struck by the
German bark Alsterufer near that port and
sustained injuries that will necessitate exten
sive repairs.
Water Front Notes.
CHICAGO, Oct. 15. — Peorta County was se
lected to-day by Judge Kers as the place for
the trial in the Iroquols Theater manslaughter
trials Change of venue from Chicago was
granted on the ground of prejudice here against
the defendants. •
A trial trip of the new steamer Harold Dol
lar waa made yesterday afternoon over, the
mils course on the bay and a speed of 10 %
knots was made. Mr. Dollar and a party of
friends were on board. The vessel Is 203 feet
long. 39 feet beam and hold 16 feet in depth.
Her enclnei were built and Installed by the
Risdon Iron Works and are the triple expan
sion type. She is one of the most substantial
vessel* of her class yet built and In her con
struction is all that is necessary or desirable.
New Dollar Steamer.
A dispatch from London states that
It is reported that a lumber carrier wad
wrecked on the rocks at Chetang Point, China,
August 26. The vessel and cargo are a total
loss, and it is believed that no person from on
board was saved. No further particulars are
obtainable, but from the mention of her lum
ber cargo there is a strong possibility that sh«
halls from . a Pacific Coast port.
Lumber Vessel Total Loss.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, Oet. 13.
U S stmr Bennington, Nlles. 4>4 days from
Magdalena Bay.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storra, 102 hours from Ta
coma, ¦ Q
Stmr Umatllla. Nocander, 60 hour* from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr National City, Hammer, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg. . ...
Stmr China,' Friele, 28 days 9 hours and 17
minutes from Hongkong:, via Yokohama 16
days 10 hours and 14 minutes, via Honolulu
5 days 16 hours and 46 minutes.
* Stmr Alltak, Rasmussen, 10 days from
Alltalcs,
Stmr. Argyll, Gllboy, 8 days from Honolulu.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen. 20 hours from
Port Harford.
Stmr Shasta. Haneen. 100 hours from Bel-
Hngham; bound south; put in to land passen
gers. ¦
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Diego.
Stmr Eureka. Jossen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Noyo, Jehnson, 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Chas -Nelson.. Iverson, 98 hours from
Seattle; bound south; put In to land pasengers.
Bhtp Indiana. Bolton, r><) days from Nush
agak, via Loring 17 days.
Schr John A, Olsen, 4 days from Eureka. ,
CLEARED.
Thursday, Oct. 13.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Bonita. Nicolson, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company. -
Stmr Columbia, Doiun. Astoria; S. F and
P S S,Co. ,
StW Mongolia, Porter. Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong; Pacific Mall Steamship Com
pany.
Schr General Banning, Bennewitz, Mazat
lan; William Olson.
SAILED.
;<J - ' Thursday, Oct. 13. ••'
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson. Port Rodger*.
Stmr Maggie. Katies, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr San Mateo, Ross, Tacoma. .
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Mongolia, Porter. Hongkong, \ etc, via
Honolulu.'
i Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka.
Stmr Noyo. , Eureka.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, Caspar.
¦ Stmr Brunswick, Ellef sen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Shasta, Hansen, San Pedro.
Stmr Porno, Ahlln, Point Arena and Albion.
. Dan bark Sixtus. Erickson, Liverpool.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr General Banning^ Bennewitz, Mazatlan.
Schr Ivy, Lundqulst, Cops Bay.
Si-hr Dauntless. Smith, Grays Harbor.
Schr Advent, Olsen, Coos Bay.
" Schr Newark, Retnerteen. Stewarts Point.
SPOKEN.
Oct 5— Lat 37 50 N.long 1G 48 W, Fr bark
Neuilly from Cardiff, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 13, 10 d m— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 13^ — Stmr Jaa S Higgins, hence
Oct 12. ...--.. .¦•:..
EVERETT— Sailed Oct 13— Schr Jaa A Gar
fleld, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Break
water hence Oct 11.
Sailed Oct 13— Schr North Bend, for San
Francisco. ¦
¦PORT HADLOCK- Sailed Oct 13 — Bktn Re
triever, for San "Pedro. '•" ...
TATOOSH— Passed out Oct 13— Stmr Meteor,
from Seattle." for San Francisco; schr Transit,
from Port Hadlock, for San Francisco.
Passed in Oct 13— Br stmr Telemachus, from
Liverpool, for Victoria, . • . :
EUREKA— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Pasadena,
for 8an Francisco; stmr Homer, for San Fran
cisco. .
Arrived Oct 13 — Stmr. W H Kruger, - hence
Oct 12. '. ' .-•-..¦ • »«
Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco. * S»"ilSBgfrffgj*j ¦¦¦¦¦¦.'
WINSLOW— Arrived Oct 13— Schr Robert
Lewers, from Honolulu. . ..
TACOMA— Arrived Oct - 18— Schr Alvena,
from Redondo. • \ : • >' ,
Arrived Oct 13 — Bark Haydn , Brown, from
San Pedro; bktn "Georeina, hence Oct 5. - \
SEATTLE — Sailed Oct 13 — Stmr Valencia,
for Sitka; 2 p m — itmr Jeani*. for San Fran
cisco. ., - :
SOUTH BEND— Soiled Oot 13-r-Schr Wa
wona.. for San Pedro. • • : ,.,
PORT. TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 13r-S£hr
Admiral, from San Pedro. . ¦ • . . .-; . , ¦,
•; Sailed Oct 13 — Chll bark Curcon. for — — .
'BANDON, ORE — To sail Oct U — Stmr
Elizabeth, for San Francisco. ; - •-.- :¦— ~
.^Arrived Oct 13 — Stmr Chlco. henc« Oct ' 11.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 13— Nor 8tmr
Tellus. from - Port- Townsend. : -
SANTA ' BARBARA-7-SaiIed Oct 18— Stmr
South Bay. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived . Oct 13— Stmr.
Chfhalis.'heneo Oct 10. ¦-. '.'•<¦ < -¦¦¦.•:'¦ '-<•
SAN. PEDRO — Arrived Oct 137-Stmr Coo»
Bay. . henco Oc.t 10; schr Mary. E " Russ, from
Coos . Bay.- . l '. • • - ¦¦¦: ' : ; ' . ¦ .¦.. '-^ -.•¦-'
; ' Sailed Oct l."t— Stmr Coos Bay, for San Fran
cisco;; - sttnra • Rival • and Iaqua, ; for San. Fran-
ClSCO."*^V ; ¦"'¦'' ¦ I'-''' '^•y'\&~C''-~<'- : ''~'*'''''~'^'.S> /;">
•ALITAK— Sailed r Sept '30— Bark Gatherer,
for^ San; Francisco.'* Oct 3— Ship Balclutha. ,foc
San : Francisco. ; :•;. -" '-__:. - ; ; -
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
P. Fennell, G. C. • Salch and wife, C; H.
Sherman, -R. Fowler, J. Lemanee and wife, M.
Parrish,. Mrs. B. F. Kohlberg, Mrs. B. Fen
nell, A. L. Gecan, H. Hunt, J. M. Jacobs, J.
E. Sherman. Mrs. E. L. Lort, Mrs. F. W. Lus,
Mrs. W. H. Preston. L. Herrmann, R. F.
Conlisk. Mrs. M. A. Eckles, A. Lowe. C. A.
Richardson. J. A. Wilshere, H. A. Bram, Mrs.
K R. Anderson. Mrs. D. Klene, Mrs. J. C.
McGowan, H. Siegel. I. Clayburgh, H. A. ROs
enbaum and wife, H. E. Holmes and wife, H.
L. Duncan. I.' Garside, V. N. Garside, Mr*. M.
Beldin, F Lowe, E. L. Ward, J. T. Ward,
C. M Conlisk and wife, Mrs. R. Ward. R. G.
Wells' and • wife. C. D. Stewart and wife. J.
Schoenfeld and daughter, Mrs. A. H. Voorhees,
Mrs. A. L. Jones.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 13.— The following
San Franciscans have registered at
the California building:
Many People From Metropo
lis Visit "Exposition.
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plaae eC ref«r»oce is the mean
of. the lower low. waters..
SAN* FRANCISCANS AT FAIR.
The Marblc-Iu-ad will Join the New York 'at
Magdalena Bay. and shortly that battleship
will sail for the Atlantic. She will meet. the
protected cruiser Chicago at Sand Point, near
the Straits of Magellan, where the admiral's
flag will be transferred.
On<? of the ship arrivals yesterday was th«
United States gunboat Bennington, Commander
Kossuth Xilts commanding, from Magdalena
Bay. . This vessel, with the battleship New
York and cruiser Boston, has been engaged in
a great gun target practice, and in the 8-inch'
rifle work the New York's crew beat, their
former fine records. They now have to their
credit four shots with four center hits made in
"Uhty-eeven seconds. ! The shooting of the
other ships was fully up to the mark, showing
that the naval men behind the gun can drop
shells where they will do. the most harm. ¦
Bennlnston in Port.
Miss Wnng Lin Fong, Miss Wong Lin Oi.
Mrs. Woo Shee, Master Louie Shuck, Master
LouJe "Bow.
PACIFIC MAIL LINER MONGOLIA
DEPARTING AND THE CHINA
ARRIVING FROM THE ORIENT.
ROME, Oct. 13. — Pope Pius, alarm
ed at the spread of socialism In Italy,
which is menacing the throne and
church alike, no longer insists on the
abstention of Catholics from voting at
the coming election. Bishops have
been secretly instructed to support tha
Government in constituencies favor
able to the socialistic candidates."
• ' It is reported that the new papal
policy was suggested after an inter
view between Von Bulow and Premier
Giolitti by the Kaiser, who is anxious
to diminish the tension between the
Vatican and Quirinal in order to se
cure c,ordial relations between the
Pope and the triple alliance, a state
of affairs which Cardinal Rampolla,
former secretary of state, opposed.
Bishops Are Secretly Instructed to
Support Candidates of the Con
servative Element.
K. W. St£in Jr. and two children, C. L. Stone,
Mrs. George leaver. J. H. Ehreve Jr., Mrs. J.
F. Kmith. G. L. Soiignac. R. E. Spencer, E. L.
Tatum; William H. Teeter, wife and infant;
Jcrr.ea C. Wilson, A. S. Williams.
F^ Hongkong— Mr*. William Ashmore Jr.;
Tf. E. Axup. wife and Infant; -Frank W. Bolea,
wife and child; Edward R. Cummings. Mm.
E. B. Drew; E. F. Fre&s* wife end daughter;
Mre. A, M. Gade. S. U. Gray. George Howell,
E. W. Joy and »'ife. Miss R. Johnson Mm.
Xellie L. Jenks, MIfs Hester P. J< r.ks. W. K.
Kalbach and wife. Miss M. Kalbach. Martin
L. K^Jbach. E. Knappe, Arthur Kohler. J.
P. Lowrle and wife. Miss Mabel MacClean, J.
Lioc*l Marie. Mrs. Vcra de Nole; David Parks.
xrife end child; Dr. A. Per Lee Pease and
wife. William S. Powell end wife. R. W.,Prlce
and wife A. Priestly. J. S. Rawlings. W. H.
Hheliaerdine and wife. T. W. Shelmerdlne, Misa
L. K. Bhelmerdine. Mies E. E. Stubbs. J. H.
Tettimer. Mrs. C. M. Tennant. C. A.- Tomes,
John G Warwick. Mis» M. F. Weld. Marshall
P. Wilder and wife.
From Honolulu— E. M. Abbott J. M. Abbott.
M1e» S. H. Lafour Cade. Mrs. W. H. Pile.
William II. Kobbe. Mrs. G. R. Lola, L. LJlle.
Miss A. M. Little. Mrs. F. R. Lutz and lnfant,-
Juan dp Leon L^wis Main. M. M. Murr.a and
«ije. Homer W. McCally; Captain J. A. Moss,
''. S. A.; H. H. Murphy, Robert Meyer. J. E.
N'rrthrup. Miw- Sadie C. Petre, Cla>ton L. Pol
ley. C. G. Quintan; W. W. Rodwell, wife and
n:int: Henry C. Ruppenthal, Tomas del Ro
-ario, \V. P. Read and wife. Arthur M. Small,
iu*rui?ta Hultman, Miss 2Sary E. Ide, Don R
ewoii, K. L. Kimball, Mn. F. L. Kimball
Mrs. Smith, wife of Judge James F.
Smith of Manila, is on her way to the
Philippines.
The following are the cabin passen
gers: •
For Honolulu — Mrs. Frank Alley, A. F.
Afcng, Jcha Baker Jr.. W. S. Bartlett, J. A.
Hack. H. Ulanchard. Mrs. George Cas»tle. Miss
Dorothy Castle, Miss Margaret Castle. Mrs. E.
A. Douthitt, Mrs. J. W. Dyer and two chil
dren. Mrs. W. A. Fetter. Mrs. C. D. Green,
C. Gallagher, Mrs. J. F. Humberg, Arthur
IIa.lI, Mrs. H. A. Hall. Miss K. Kelley, Mrs. O.
F. Kimbs.1]. Miss Helen KlmbaJl, J. L. Koeter.
EL Kru«. Miss F. Lynch, F. A. Lewis, R. W.
Meat, J. Morris. Dr. J. S. McDonald, J. O'Xeil.
H. S. Osgwjd Miss Carrie J. Pratt. D. Stcney,
(lua Schuir.aa. John A. Scott, Miss J. E.
Swann, L. H. Thompson, Mrs. R. D. W'aldrich
and son, Mrs. H. F. Wickman and two chil
dren. R. S. Young.
For Yokohama — E. E. Ayer. wife and tnald,
J. A. Bradshaw and wife. M. A- B. Dewey.
C. 6. Dewey. Mrs. Jchn Francis, F. Harrison
and wife Miss Ella J. Hewitt, Mrsc T. Hlrano,
H. Homn-.a, C. H. Hopkins. Dr. M. Hozurcl.
Mrs. P. S. Hubbard, Major J. O. Hutchinson,
Miss H'.Je IJuln, Carl lilies and wife.-LJeuten
ant Co.onel William Johnson. C. B. V. S. ;
i_>r. *-. .- --=• \ T. Mitani, Mme. A. Nisbett,
Mri>. Hugh Rodman.' W. H. RaFtall, MonB. F.
RufTo. Miss M. B. Shoemaker, X. Shoemaker,
W. R. Sand*. Percy C. Scheuer, M. Ehlokara,
>Oa E. F. WIlcox.
Kcr Kobe— H. H. Bradley, Rev. W. B. Bul
>r Mr». W. B. Duller. S. Ida, Rev. W. A.
Mather. Mrs. W. A. Mather. Cecil H.'Meares,
ILev. C. M. "Williams.
For Nagasaki — Mrs. A. W. Brewster and
daughter, T. T. Cunn, Rev. Emery W. Ellis
and wife. Dr. C. F. lineign and wife. Rev. L A.
Kerch ar.d wife. Rev. E. W. Fretz and wife
ar.d child; Rev. "W. M. Hayes, wife and son;
MiM C. E. Hawes. I. Y. Key; Rev. C. F.
Kupler, wife and son; Rev. W. C. Lougden,
wife and three children; T. H. Nun, A. B. Rob
• rtson. Alias Chizu Taltamorl, Rev. H. E. Vobs,
C C. Yin.
For Manila— R. TV. Allen, B. G. Bleasdale,
G. I.,. Baldwin. H. A. Belden and wife. George
L. Bunnell; D. H. Burnham, wife and daugh
!• r; Mis* E. E. Colbert, Ray Coppaje and wife;
Major General H. C. Corbln, U. 6. A.; Mrs.
H. C. Corbin, Claude W. Caivln, Miss Daley
B. Cruse, Mrs. K. I. Gray. Chris O. Hagen,
ilrs. H. II. Hartwell. Artie A. House, Miss
General H. C. Corbin, U. S. A., ac
companied by Mrs. Corbin, .goes to Ma
nila.
The Pacific Mail steamship Mon
golia sailed for the Orient at 1 p. m.
>esterday with 12,000 tons of freight-
There -vrere 245 passengers in the cabin
end 320 in the steerage, forty of whom
were deported Asiatics. Captain W. P.
S. Porter is the new commander and A.
Dixon the nev first officer. Chief En
gineer W. "W. Chisholm, Purser A- E.
Rennie and Surgeon A. N. Beach con
tinue aboard the steamer.
POPE PIUS IS ALARMED
) BY SPREAD OF SOCIALISM
Cloudy weather prevails over the northern
portion of the Pacific Slope and fair over the
southern. Heavy rain has fallen at Tatoosh
Island.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Wash
ton, Oregon and Northern Nevada. The winds
hAve changed to east and southeast and be
come high on the Washington coast, indicating
the approach of a storm from the ocean.
The temperature changes . have been slight
in all districts.
• Conditions -are favorable for cloudy weather
in Northern California Friday and probably
showers along the coast from San Francisco
northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 14, 1904:
Northern California— Cloudy Friday; probably
showers from San Francisco northward; fresh
southerly wind, becoming high off the northern
coast. •
Southern California— Fair Friday; light west
wind. „ ..
Nevada— Cloudy; warmer Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday;
probably showers in the afternoon; fresh south
erly wind. ' .
Los Angeles and vicinity— Fair Friday; light
west wind. .
Sacramento and vicinity — Cloddy Friday.
Fresno , and vicinity— Fair Friday, becoming
cloudy in the afternoon.
.- G. H. WILLSON, Ijocal Forecaster,
"'• | ' " v • Temporarily In Charge.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. '
Baker 30.08 60 36 S\V Cloudy .00
Carson 30.02 62 28 NE Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka 29;08 64 46 E Pt.Cldy .00
Fresno .29.08 74 48 S\V Clear .00
SE. Farallone. &S .... : .00
Flagstaff ......30.06 fiO 24 E Clear - .00
Pocatcllo . 30.12 62 46 E Pt.Cldy .00
Independence.. 30. 00 70 46 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 92 SS 58 W Clear .00
Mt. TamIpais..20.02 04 52 . W Pt.Cldy .00
North Head... 25). 88 GO 54 "SE Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29.8(5 86 52 SW Clear .00
Pt. R. Light.. 54 .00
Portland 29.90 70 48 SW Cloudy* .00
Red Bluff.... .30.00 72 50 SE Clear .00
Roseburg .....29.90 68 44 N Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.96 70 52 NE Pt.Cldy .00
Salt Lake 30.14 58 40 NW Clear .14
San Franoisco.30.00 68 56 W Pt.Cldy .00
S. L. -Obispo.. 29. 94 82 54, N Clear .00
San Diego 29. SS 80 56 NW Clear .00
Seattle ..29.92 68-46 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane 30.06 60 34 NE Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh 29.90 58 52 E Rain 1.52
Walla Walla.. 30. 00 62 38 W Clear .00
Winnemucca..30.08 .62 32 NE Cloudy .00
yuma 29.88 88 56 NW Clear .00
EDINBURGH, Oct. 13.— The Duke of
Connaught, brother of King Edward,
while driving: in a motor car from Edin
burgh to GosfordHouse, the seat of the
Carl of Weymes,* had a narow escape
from death and suffered painful in
juries, from which he was for a time
unconscious. The automobile in which
the Duke was riding with his aid-de
camp, Major Murray, . in paesing a
street car collided with a cart. The
overhanging portion of the cart struck
the rear seat of the automobile and lit
erally carried away that section of the
vehicle.- Th'e Duke was thrown out
with great force.' As soon as the auto
mobile'could be stopped Major Murray
went to the aid of the* Duke, whom he
found unconscious and bleeding from
wounds about the head.
A second automobile carrying mem
bers of the Duke's suite came up, and
the Duke was taken back to Edinburgh
in it. By the time the automobile
reached Edinburgh the Duke had re
covered and was able to walk into his
hotel. After two stitches were taken in
his ear and his hurts had been exam
ined by physicians it was announced
that the Duke would suffer no serious
consequences, but had received a severe
shaking up and shock. Major Murray
was not hurt.
¦ ¦:,'' ' f
Accident Due to the Noble
man's Efforts to Avoid Con
tact With a> Passing Car
KENDEBED UNCONSCIOUS
120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
' SAN FRANCISCO, Oct 13—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston . . ,. .4(5-36 New York.. ..... .4S-40
Chicago 54-50 Philadelphia 50-42
Cincinnati 64-46 Plttsburg ..60-48
Jacksonville ¦ .....84-70 St. Louis ..68-50
N«w Orleans 84-60 Washington 68-44
SAN FRANCISCO ...68-56
The following are the seasonal rallfalls to
date, as compared with those- of the same date
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations — ' Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 3.69 3.25
Red Bluff 00 8.14 0.45
Sacramento 00 5.38 ,0.12
San Francisco 00... 7.10 0.17
Fresno 00 4.86 0.00
Independence CO 0.38 0.42
San Luis Obispo 00 4.44 " 0.02
Los Angeles .00 1.12 0.43
San Diego 00 0.16 0.07
, \. . COAST RECORD. .
a S g a .... s S~
I Bg 33 4& 8* %
GTATlbNi | gg |§ |§ g*" |.
Ill' N ! I
WEATHER REPORT.
Duke of Connaught Badly
Injured in Collision Be
tween Machine and a Cart
Liner Mongolia Passes Outward, Bound for the Faraway Orient,
as the China From the Asiatic Coast Enters Harbor.
BIG STEAMERS GO AND COME
KING'S BROTHER
IN AUTO WRECK
THE. SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER' 14, 1904.
Movements or Steamers.
11
|| Brand M
11 Evaporated B
ll Cream B
||i always bears the above capprj
§11 label. It means the same jig
HI as telling you that we |gf
111 back up Its purity with a ggf
ill S 5 ' 000 g uarante o. fp
liffl Made by the largest pro- fin
Igjfl ducers of Evaporated Bffl
iglip Cream In the world. 4|«M^
Pleurisy
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hal«
pinner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
60c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to'4 p. m.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S oriat J
IS9USEUM OF AHATONYt
A Q) lS511USXK8?.tste:aft7&,S.] > .Cil0
\ Cf Th« L*»ye»tAa»to»leal M-aMum in !»• \
Q «ffW*>3k. Wo " d - M KkM>»i at Uf (Muscled Q
L v£3*&I &**— »••'••»»•/ e«r«Ml b» Uc aldeu Y
O FBMl b * 4cU:Ut °" ta « Coitt - EH.^raa O
6 §*>jt*h DR. J0aDAM-D!3£A3E3 CF MEH 6
\ 7©£&i3 Con«»!t«tfc>a fr«e and itrlctW pri»»t9. \
Q I jSV P Tmmnn j«rioB»lijr •» by lett.r. A A
\ R V i H -******* V*r* ta "**J csm oadamJiea. \
hvJ P Wrliefor Bo»lt. PHlt«mor*Tf of A
V • {I » ¦•¦BlAfil. maiLSO pass. (Af
A (y \ ¦ *«io»bl« b««k foi Bfi) \
V sa jonnA.t a to. tosi Marketst.s. r. v
rj&g&S&iM MENAHDWOMErl.
w&&£jiPvUUE&\j§l UieBIff Oforonnatuni
JsfytEfi* I to * <*7»-lS diich«rg»i,infl»mmationi,
ASaiV OunaM ll Irritations or nlcaratioai
&«Sjf n*t «• tuioian. of mneoni membranes.
P y rrm«iiC«ii,iM. Palnlsft, and not Mtrla-
R7a¥rriEEVAN3CHEMI£llC3. (int or poisonous.
01WJMU1TI.0.ES3 •« ld ** DratSbU,
W^> C.S.A. or >ant ' n P l * In wrtppar,.
rf\53M>w by azprets, prepaid, lot
VSggSESS^jrM $1.00. or 3 b»tU« M.75,
~*fc.-sffgpur*y ¦ circular test oa nsaast
OCELAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (Di«rs 8 and 11).
' San Franelieo:
For Ketchikan. Wrange!.
Juneaa. Treadwells. Hainea,
Skaguay. etc., Alaska— U
a. m.. October IX 17. 22. 27.
Nov. 1. Changs to thla com-
pany" ¦ steamers at Seattlo.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes South Belllneham, Bellingham — 11
a. m., Oct. 12 17. 22, 27, Nov. 1. Change at
Seattle to this' company 1 * -steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacom» to N, P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. October 13. 1». 25. 31. Nov. «. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. October 4, 10. 16, 22. 28. Nov. 3.
For Los Anseles (via Port Lo» Ang^le* and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sunday*. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, ft a. m.
For Los Aneeles (via San Pedro and Ea;rt
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crua, Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (3an
Luis Obispo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Bontta. 9 a. m.. October 14. 22. 30. Nov. T.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., October 10, IS. 28. Nov. 3.
For Enscna'la, Mafdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Ouaymas (Mex.>. 10 a. m., 7th each mn.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to changw steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OmCES — 4 Xew Montgom-
ery st (Palace Hnten. ll> Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves. XTeifflit Office, 10 Market st.
C. E>- DUNANN. General Passenxer Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 2O. Sutter «t.. will
call for and check bajrsajrs from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
TOYO K1SEN KA1SHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO>
Eteam-n wUI leav« Paciflc Mall wharf, cur-
ner Ftrst and Brannan street*, at 1 p. m.. fo?
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllne at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received oa board oa day
of sailing.
8. S. AMERICA MARTJ -
...; Wednesday. October 19. 190*
Via Honolnlti — Round-trip tickets at redufn^t
rates. For freight and passage* apply at ConT-
nany's office. 421 Market street, corner 'First
W. H. AVERT. Oeneral Agent.
9C6<HiIC5,5.C0. S^aSv?°;?
B S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 20. 11 a.m.
8." S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Au^k-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Oct. 20. 2 p. # m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 23,11 i.m.
I LftSPBECXELSiBSOS. Ctt, Asts..TtCkBt OflcsSCjIir-
tet rniznt csice 329 Marttt st, Piar 7. Pasili k.
* C0MPA3MIX GKNE3ALE TSA5SATLA5TX3US .*.
DIRECT LINS3 TO HAVRE-PARIS -^i^aw
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <«TJ£r*>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier O, :=3 *^f -
North River, foot of Morton st
First claaw'to Havre. *T0 and upward. Sec-
ond elass to Havre. *« and upwar*. OSN-" ¦
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AJM>
CANADA. S2 Broadway fHudson bu'.MIas).
N*w Torlt J. F. FX7GAZI 4k CO.. Paclflo Coajt
Axents 8 Montgomery avenue. Saa Franelsca.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
STEAMER iO. CORCORAN
Leaves a F.. Clay st. N end o* Ferry bid*.
dAilv 9:30 a. m., 3 and *8 p. m. Sundays.
SVt. m^ 8 p. m.. »•*?• Vallejo dally 8:3«
a m. 12:20 and 5:30 p. m. Sundays 3 p. m.
Far* 23c. P. A. G. Co. Phona Mala ft*L
»8atnrday» axcepted. . - - ¦
Vox XT. 8. Navy Tard said VaJleJo.
Strs. General Frtskie. MonUceUo and Arrow.
0:45 a.m., 12:30 pm., 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m., 3:30 a.
m Leave San Francisco Sunday* 9:43 a\.m..
12:30 p.m.. «p.m.. 8:30pm. Leave Vallejo, 1
a.m.'. 0 a.m-.' 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 9 p.m. San-
days. 7 a.m.. 0 a.m.. 3:20 pm.. 9 p.m. Pier X
tt Minion st: phone Main 1508. HATCH BRO?
WeeHy Gall $1.00 dbf Year
\n ewmexLt Ttoctor states !
allgas 32a^ Cttitg Bn> 6ooi Cooks.
SAN FRANCISCOl GASAND ELECTRIC CO,
¦¦¦;.- r' . ,' ,4x5, POST STREET-"THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1904.
12
BUSINESS CHANCES — Contlnnsd,
A— CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddv st.. cor. Market and Powell. . ' .
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale 1 — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
eumraer outing, also for winter 6hootlng and
fishing; completely furnished _nd equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own pan; toilets, closets, everything
mrictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over nlgr.t: perfect little home; owner
obliged to co East; tnake offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy Bt.
FOR cale— First -class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California: 60 stalls:
rent only $75 per month; well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of tale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy Et. t
FOR pale— Several good business propositions
for Investors, such as first-class laundry. Ice
cream manufactoury, bakeries, furnishing
good!-, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other nropositlons too nu-
merous to mention; wculd be pleased to have
you call and inspect our list. CAMERON
&¦ CO.. 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in -ill kinds of real -state,,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
AN Ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city; 7
acres ln shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished; 2
bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month:
4 years' leaee: sublets for $100 every Sun-
day: electric cars direct: clears $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st •
FOR sale— One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood, coal, . lime and cement businesses In
S< F. : cheap rent: horses and wagons; all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from *. r >00 to *S00 per month: trial eiven If
desired: nart down. CAMERON & CO.
GENUINE bargain— Best saloon ln Haywards;
centrally located: long lease; selling account
sickness: Investigate this. Address P. O.
box 527. Haywards.
FOR sale— Bar; 4 furnished living rooms and
large dance hall; en Mission road. Inquire
E. MOM, Slo Pacific st. bet. 8 and 9 a. m.
HALOON for sale; one of the best comers south
of Market St.; long lease: $40 to $30 day re-
. ceipts; on account of ill health. Call 5!>!» 4th.
YACHTSMEN and business men— All kinds
of drawing an<1 tracing will be done cbeaii
and exactly. Box 1718. Call.
YOUNG lady wishes partner In PaclHc-st. sa-
loon. 324 Pacific st.
$50O— PARTNER, steady worker in well pay-
ing business; refs. 510 Telegraph ave..Oakland.
GOOD "corner saloon, on account of death. In-
quire 1S9S Howard s?t.
$HiOO — FOR sale, embroidery business with
good trade: suitable for lady. Box 2061, Call.
CALL at once: saloon for sale; bargain; 'ac-
count of sickness. 141 Second st.
A SNAP—Flr;4t-class flower store for $400- es-
tabJished 11 years. Call 808 Valencia st.
FOK sale — A email grocery and bar. Inquire
at the .Jackson Brewery. 142S Mission st.
$«>0 — Grocery, and bar; old establishment: long
lease: 4 living: rooms; rent $2.1.-71SBrannan.
FOR sal* — Grocery, store and bar; on corner'
6 years' lease. Apply 3122 FHlmore st.
GROCERIES and saloons for .'sale at-'l]i)8
Webster St., Oakland. %igg%$
$I7. r >— 8-ROOM houH»: rent $27 50; must s«ll at
once. Call , '.iZ>7 Fourth et. ¦; — '
$1"5 — CANDIES and pastry: 5 finely furnished
rooms and large ¦ baEement. ¦'•: 525 ..Taylor, st.
FOR tale — 2-chalr barber; -non and 2 house-
keeping rooms . furnished. -Inquire Call office.
'A BRANCH office of The'Call for the reception
. of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at -1008 Market .. st. , opposite Fifth.
-Or^en until 11 p. m: " : .. ,.
CIiO THINQ RENOVATING. ¦
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. .Bon Marcne. ; Examiner bldg.,-. r/ 410;
phonti Drumtn 44. Call for, and deliver ; free. ;
BAD tenant* | ejected j ton $4 ; I collections | made j
• city cr -country. 'Pacific < Collection; Co., : 415
'. Montgomery., tt,'* rooms 0-10. ; Tel. .Main. 5580.
CHEA PEST, and best , in America— The ..Weekly
• ' Call; - 10 pages, sent i to ;: any .'address '¦ in th«
United States; or Canada. ono year for. $tr .'.
gggCTESS CHAHCES^
NO TRIFLERS NEED TO APPLY.
IF YOU MEAN BUSINESS,
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
Department store; dry goods, clothing and
carpets; business established 35 years and
known as one of the best paying mercantile
establishments across the bay; stock will in-
voice to about $35,000; owner to retire; will
accept hi caah, balance on flrst-clasa security.
A— 4<>00 — CIGAR stand on Kearny 6t.. close to
Sutter; good paying stand; cause of sale,
owner don't attend to his business. Call R.
G. WILKE, M*± Keamy St.
A— $300; CIGAR stand: rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26 Vt Kearny st.
A— $1800; CORNER ealoon ln wholesale dis-
trict: no night or Sunday work; rent $75;
Iran*; a good paying bu&lness; value In sight;
owner engaged otherwise. See R. G. WILKE,
26 »j Kearny st
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition; 5 living rooms; rent $45; 4 Hi years'
lease; splendid location and good-paying bU3-
lness. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny 'et ¦
A— $800; CORNER ealoon; rent $20; place
surrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2B %
Kearny «t.
A — $2800; CORNER bakery and confectionery.
Ice-cream parlor, etc; 4 fine living rooms;
rent $S0; one ot tfie best of its hind of busi-
ness in tb« city. See R. G. WILKE. 26*4
Kearny st
A— $20v0: CORNER grocery and bar. with
living-rooms; rent $45; best location on Mis-
sion tt: place established years: fresh stock;
value ln sight and a good paying store. See
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $500: CANDY, ice cream nnd tamale Dar-
lor on Devlsadero st and 3 nice furnished
rooms; rent $25: a bargain; owner sacrifices.
as he must leave the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2GK Kearny st
A — $€500; saloon, with 10 years' lease: close to
Chronicle bldg.: rent $250; return rent $175;
place doing good business: full value in sight;
a great bargain. Bee R.G.WILKE,_6%Kearny.
A — $5000: roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly Income $1000: one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. Q. WILKE. 2S% Kearny st.
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent MOO; lease;
with flrst-clars paying saloon ln manufactur-
ing town across the bay: a good paying busi-
ne»s. See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $6500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses. 2 hacks, 1 coupe. 18 bug-
giee. harnesses, etc.; 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a first-class paying business; rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny »t
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 38 miles from
this city; 39 beds. 60 boarders; flne barroom
wllh good trade; clow to depot; in lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. O. WILKE, 26%
Kearny et
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
dally receipts about $20: best location north
of Market st Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st
A— $2600; HOTEL ln San Mateo County; 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
Ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 6-year lease. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st ¦
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
street; rent $60; living rooms: stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-claEs paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
BEFORE you buy any business call and see
BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
j $1600— SALOON ; near Market: bargain: call
at once. BERG & POPP. 318 Keaxny st
$500— GROCERY and delicatessen; valua in
tight; bargafn. BERG & POPP. 31« Kea-r.y.
$3500— SALOON, one block from Market; bar-
pain. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny Bt
$3000— HOTEL and bar, 30 rooms, 45 board-
ers. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st
$1400 — SALOON and merchants' lunch- whole-
sale, district See BERG & POPP, 318
Kearny Ft ...
$6500 — HOTEL of 76 rooms; cheap rent and
lease. See BERG & POPP, -318 Kearny st.
$3000— SALOON with lease; rent $80: bargain
See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny at '
$600 to $2750 — RESTAURANTS in good loca-
tion; bargains. See BERG & POPP 318
Kearni- st.
$376 to $1<XM) — CIGAR stands in good loca-
tion; bargains. See BERG & POPP, 318
Kearru* st.
DO TOU WANT a nice, genteel business that
is guaranteed to clear $3000 per annum on an
investment of $(5500? Besides, for your in-
vestment you receive a stock of goods and
fixtures that will Invoice close to $9000; busi-
ness is located in one of California's most
beautiful and prosperous inland cities, less
than 90 miles from San Francisco; long lease
vith very reasonable rent on building; such
an opportunity is seldom offered and is
worthy of your immediate investigation. For
full particulars see,
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 40C. Examiner bldg., San Francisco. Cal.
MILLINERY store, new stock, rent $90. .$1100
Cigar stand, Mason st., rent $20 $100
Cigar stand. 7th St.. rent low; sell at iivoice.
Drug store, acrot* bay, rent $30. .. :. .$2500
Ealoon. Folsom. liv. rms., well stoekeJ..$1100
Saloon. O'Farrell «t.. license, rent $90 $150<»
Restaurant. Third St., well est., seats 58.$.i00
Restaurant. 4th et.. rent $22 50. seats 46.$3_5
Grocery and bar. llv. rms.. rent $20 $350
Bak. and Ice cream par., wagon route.. $_5«>
General store. 5 living rooms, rent $25 $300
SAWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
1118 Market _t
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fall to call upon us; we
¦ may have just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. Wi JAQUITH.
1312 Market St.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
MANAGER wanted for popular building mate-
rial In universal use. worth $5000 yearly to
competent man. who can carry $MX» worth
of material to m?et immediate demand and
give his entire attention to the business W
F. PARKER. Fifty-eighth st. and Eleventh
ave.. y fW y or it.
TAILORS, attention! Good chance: nice tailor
etor* for sale (requires but little money),
consisting of Singer sowing machine, looking-
glass, cutting table. 4 benches, other fixtures-
a few suit patterns and trimmings. Address
P. DOMENICI. 210 S. San Joaquin st. Stoek-
ton. Cal. ..
ADVERTISER Is willing to find from ten to
fifteen thousand dollars for partnership or
purchase of a good commercial business- is
able to take full share of work, as had a
cod experience abroad; communications
treated confidentially and returned If de-
flred. Address, M.. room 24 £». Palace Hotel.
FOR sale — A laundry doing $200 worth of work
per week. in a prosperous town of S500 Inhab-
itants; no other laundry within 20 miles- rea-
son of sale, retiring from the laundry busi-
. ness Address box 2072, Call office.
FOR »<ale— In Fresno, li<j:ior and wine business
whoUsaJe. family and retail; established five
years; located on th<? main thorough fa re; rea-
Bon for eelllnK. departure and sickness In the
family. Address J. H.. 1314 N.- Fresno. Cal.
SALOON and restaurant— Best family resort !
• , WatBOnv »"«: low rent and long lease; i
limit of 25 saloon licenses In this city: doing
a rood business. Address THE TAVERN
Watfonvllle, Cal. ' '
BARGAIN — Only millinery store ln town; large
wintry trade: established 11 years- must sell
'?}-°? ce on ac eount sickness: will sell cheap.
MR*. F. C. NEVIS, box 3. Pteasanton, Cal. .
PA , R J NE ? wented th *t '» rcliable~and honest; I
IlRht indoor business; established for years-
pays at least $85 per'nv-th to each; very
•mall capital required. S" 3d st.. room 14.
NEVER BEFORE ~~ '
A. chance like this; an up-to-dato candy parlor;
3 rurnlshed rooms; good location: proprietor
leaving city. 470 Ellis st - P p ¦ r
$350— PARTNER; steady man; paying busi-
Ca1i : office ° r Suaday *' ork ' Box 2<J06.
F^e? a^ I< ; e £ n ,5> nd secon d-hand furniture
r_S?h YFtk lr.°°? : or txcil * t >*'> chicken
ranca. 14J3 Mission st
FINE corner delicacy, fancy groceries and
rooiB8: cap ' t fe
I WANT, a Protestant , Chriitlan party to
finance ¦ me in the real estate business. Box
2763. Call office. *
CIGAR ' stand ¦ for sale eouth " of " and clo«e to
'5f ark , e «l.. st X : ii au f_ lry ' branch ln connection.
* Box 1291.- Call of fice,
FOR eale-^-Fanci" trade fruit store cheap: owner
leavrsr town. -,.77; Fourth st." " -¦
FOR salft— $1500 grocery, bar; . well-paying bus'u
nesa San ¦ Mateo ' County. 166 First st. «Uy.
JlBSSBan_MMHSKC____BM__^ _^_n_k__T._,
f ¦ SPXaiTOAXlSM— Cantlnued.
ARRIVED from New Tork. Prof. FreVp"^"
ans, famous psychic for slate writing c!ai/
voyanc». Offlc«, 1112 Eddy. Phona Scott '„;
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium _.-><! r .
reader; dr. ev. eve'g 10c; read daily. 43 fl " n
D EA D- TRANCE medium : g«n*ulne. JTmTiTT
successful. 114 McAllister at.; no »;^ m
BEHTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— C*n~irr£^
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns. $3 50; nutrui" vi'
pUtes $5: full set: all work painl.^." V?l
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2i S\x'?
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. E>^Z_7I
— No charge for extracting when place- ,1
made; old plates made over Ilka new [(>^
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas %'.??£
'¦ PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. mr ~B^7r~
I Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fLIir.jri ~^T
! GOLD fillings. 7Bc: silver, 33c: crowns r»~T"
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt.2O4 >n*_r
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentis* 7m~T:
i floor. Phelan bid.. 80« Market, cor. OTvnn.
: DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Ot^TZT
; to corner Sutter and Grant art.
i ALL work guaranteed by the New To-< «-T
i tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. CO Mission, 'cor.tt't
: DKESSHAKEItS AND S-AMSTET^t-t
McDOWELL DressmaWng~lT_?Ullin~ery1sc'>M«_
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 10.1 y^t
. Accordion, sunburst and knifs pleating s**i
: art's button b buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor
i _^_ EDtJCAITOUAl.
: A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 »»
; moved to new fireproof building, 73* Misron
; St.. between Third and Fourth; more V-* '.
; finer room*; better I!ght: finest In th« vr»«"
: com* and see. S. T. BUSINESS COLLET Z
A— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and. medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Btiafort
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan b'u t
IE. R. ATRES. founder of Ayres Business Ol-
lege. has returned; bookkeeping. pea:r.ar..5V:>
shorthand, typing; $5 month; Ufa «cho!a- h 3
$50; positions secured; day, ev. "23 Mirk"
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the !a-'«it
institution devoted exclusively « dra~a"a
learning ln America: positions g?armnt*»'.i
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' builiir.?. '
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech. nr.
vey, asnay. cyanide; day. eve.; #st HM : Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fultcn. nr. Clty'lUlL
CLASSES In short story writing and Jouraa:-
'ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. mi.
333 Phelan bldg; terms very reasonable.
MISS MacNEILL. piano teacher: also coach fo»
tennis and club swinging. 38 Glen P*-fc are
off Twelfth st.. bet. Mission and Howari '
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Co!.. «02 Van N. M
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEOE. 13&2 Market st. Send for catiiogue.
A— MOVED to 12SI Market St.; Urc- sunny
quarters. Western Business College.
ARITHMETIC, algebra, grammar, writ!-.?.
et;.. $5 mo.; private. 12S1 Market tt., r. 70*.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.D« Flllppw'sAcademy
of languages. 1018 Post; est. 1S71 : ablest profs
CHICAGO Business College. 1433 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typt-g. bookkeeping: $3 ma.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of p!an«.
beginners A adults; 50c. 2393 Ml»»ion.cor.20.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.:
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 82S Haight st
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. H!n-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND Uught thorMy by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. O. Barrett.^303 Mont^my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day an<l
PARTrNGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night clas*.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 HaigM:
individual lnstruc.: all branches; day. e~«.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 825 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.; 75-page catalog on request.
ZMPLOTMENT OTlfZCES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offles
Bupplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. Jamas 5201.
WE furni-h bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid!
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.
Chinese- help. 428 Powell it.; tel. Main 5732,
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 413 Stockton:
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr..tel.Bu»h 859.
RELIABLE Japanese- Chines* Employment Of-
nc«: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Mala BISK.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. MO Clay.
JEMPj-OTMEgT yAOT-TP~PiatAI.E.
WANTED — By Canadian Protestant wcmanT
cooking and housework In small fair.Ky
Call «1 Hermann St. j-
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day
cleaning, sweeping and flrst-class laundress!
Address 1827 Vallejo st
EXPERIENCED stenngrapher. with ow_ ma-
chine, desires position; salary $40. Box 2R40
Call office. '
A FIRST-CLASS cook wants a situation In
private family: beat of references. Address
MISS CARLSON. 436 Elizabeth tt
AN experienced typewriter and stenographer
desires position : general offlc* work, collect-
ing, etc.; $10 a week. Box 26S8, Call offlo*.
COMPETENT woman desires position as house-
keeper, rooming or boarding house. Box
26S3. Call office. .. , .
A TRAINED nurse will give massage at your
home by the month. Box 2637. Call effle*.
COMPETENT woman wants work by tha day,
washing and Ironing. KO Folsom st.
WANTED— Situation as second glr! by a
Swedish girl. Call at 43 RIchland avs.
A FINNISH strl wishes situation In light
housework. Address 2C6H Ritch tt.
A FIRST-CLASS American eo«k wants pout'
ticn; wages $30 to %?>5. 217 Goug^ at.
LAUNDRY work or cleaning 2 daysaweek.
Call 208 Lily ave.. near Octavia. st
GERMAN governess wishes country position:
thorough musician: experienced teacher:
piano singing. German and English
branch**: literature. iIIS3 WAGNER. P.
O.. Frultvale. Cal.
STRONG, willing, competent American woman,
temperate, honest, wants light sweepln* an4
washing by day: flne laundress; guarantee*
«atl*factlon: $1 25 and carfare; no half-day.
S27A Howard «t.. first fllsht. room &
'COMPETENT cook: would do downstairs work
and washing or general housework In Ameri-
can family; wages $23 to $10. 533 Minna
St.. near Sixth. .
LADY, thoroughly experienced stenographer la
mercantile work, also bill clerk, desires po-
sition: salary not less than $50; best refer-
ences (riven- Box 2154. Call office.
A SWEDISH girl wants position aa general
housework. Call et 2737 Twenty-second st.
corner of Bryant; $20 a month.
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
good pianist, best of references to, character,
wants a situation. Box 2949. Call office.
A COMPETENT German woman wants wash-
Ing and ironing by they day. 1203 Vallejo st:
no postals.
TYPEWRITING, copying, addressing envelopes.
MISS ELNA CRAMER, room 808 Mutual
Bank bldg.
WOMAN wishes place to do housework and
rooking: kind to children; wages $15. Apply
112 Tehama st. off Second, -
YOUNG American woman, with a 9-month-ota
baby, would like to do housework for small
wages. 443 Utah tt.. bet. 17th and 13tn.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper, recently from
England, desires position In taiall family.
F.. 230 Twenty-ninth st
A NEAT young girl wishes a position to tales
<care of children. Call 523 Harrison st. near
First.
DRESSMAKER: fancy and tailor dress de-
signer: out by the day; $2; best etty ref-
erences. SC9 Octavia st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires work to
do at home; mimeograph specialty. Box 1434.
Call office. , . - - ¦
A YOUNG «tlrl Just from Germany wishes a
position ; up stairs or ' general housework.
30ti Tehama st. '
WANTED— Position aa maid or nurse to grown
children; can do plain tewing, hair dressing
'and manicuring.' W. K., 134 Fern ave.. city.
WOMAN wants labeling by day ox piece work.
30^ Page st ¦ - ¦. .-tO.
DAY'S, work wanted Thursday and Friday:
. thorough; competent Box 2813. Call offlcw.
LODGINQ-HOUBE3 rOB SAI.E— Pen.
MARION GRIFFLN1
ROOM 406. EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market sts.. tel Black 3607; free list of
hotels and rooming-houses for sale. WE GUAR-
ANTEE GOOD TITLES. MONEY TO LOAN.
City and Country Real Estate for Sale.
WE ESPECIALLY RECOMMEND a 33-room
house, north of Market; price reduced to
/ $»00; $1000 down, $25 monthly and low In-
terest; nice, quiet, permanent roomers; clear-
ing $12S monthly guaranteed; owner anxious
to go East immediately.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MUST BE SOLD by Oct. 14— A thoroughly re-
spectable rooming-house, centrally located
and most beautifully furnished in velvet and
birdseye maple; 60 rooms; rent $8 per room:
now clears $200 monthly; when full, clears
$300; 6-year lease; make your own offer to
\ MARION GRIFFIN.
I GILT EDGED.
$10,000 (first payment) secures one of the
largest and mont popular apartment-hou3es
In this city*, everything strictly first class.
—Profit over $6000 Annually —
See My Sale Agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
PROFIT ?174 monthly — A respectable corner
42-room house; price $3000; % cash; rent
$125; 5-year lease. If you say so: 2 floors;
fine entrance. MARION GRIFFIN.
FOURTEEN-ROOM house In quiet . location,
north of Market; sunny side of street; jnce
J800, % cash and $10 monthly.
- - MARION. GRIFFIN.
UNEQUALED TERMS— $400 secures a respect-
able 21-room lodging-house. 3 blocks of Mar-
ket; price down to $1100: we back you for
all over $400: rent ?tJO: clears' $70 monthly.
' MARION GRIFFIN, 40ft Examiner Bldg.
N. B. — Only $500 down: we back you for bal-
ance; elegantly furnished apartments; re-
spectable: $75 banked monthly; roomers taka
care of their own rooms; 24 rooms.
• ' MARION GRIFFIN.
LADIES, if you want a' fine rooming-house?
abov» reproach, come and see a swell, fash-
ionable 40-room house on Sutter st clear-
lng SISO monthly. MARION GRIFFIN.
15 ROOMS: Market St.; rent $6O.i*. ......$1000
6-room flat; rent $20 .*.... $2.10
£4 rooms; rent $60 .' $900
12 rooms; rent $45 .$300
24 rooms; rent $105: will trade for land. $2400
23 rooms; rent $140: north of Market. . .$1050
SAWYER-BLETHEN CO..
; . 1118 Market St.
ELEGANT new comer house of 67 rooms: just
all new furniture throughout; 33
large, light and sunny rooms and 9 apart-
ments of 2 and 3 rooms each: 15 bathtubs;
electric elevator and steam heat. Apply L.
Brilliant Furniture Co., 335 Post et. ¦
... .: MITCHELL & CO ....
1206 Market st .Phone Jessie 29S1
•Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed
. .:........-. ..MITCHELL & CO .--
_CrLAlByOYA-TTS. J
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU."" ~~ "
,.:> -Hundreds ar« lifted from bad health, bad
, luck, i love, domestic and business troubles,
by the aid and' advice of the popular clair-
voyant, •¦ -. : - -
PAUL DESTINE.
_ Th» first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
/ His former $5 reading this week for $L
Read Carefully —An Honest Proposition.
.'(Tou to be full ' Judge. > .
No Charge " No Charge*
Unless you obtain the Information for which
you consult him. ;
I ho hereby solemnly agree to guarantee to
make.no charge it -I fall to tell your name
and what : you want to know. I tell if bus-
band, wife or : sweetheart is true or false,
whom and, when you will, marry; In fact. I
,^will tell every hope, fear or ambition , better
than you can ; tell yourself : I will Improys
condition so you will reach the greatest
. possible strength in mental and bodily vigor.
. and luck '. that . insures succesa ln - business
mining and speculation; I Implant controlling
',; power ln ; your nature . so you ; can ¦ fascinate
any on« you desire, . win ' the ¦ one you ¦ lov«,
bring j back rour. loved one . and causa mar-
riage with the one of choice: 10 a. m. to S
-. p. m.; closed Sunday, t 328 O'Farrell st.— 32a
A— Miss M." WUle. 330 Ellis,' clairvoyant crys-
'. tal seer and, life reader, will, tell. you exactly
v , what you s called i foriwlthout asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.'.
MISS : ZEMDAR; young, gifted clalr. antf palm.;
j,?. reveals love.: marriage,- business," etc. ; L. 50c;
:~%G. : ($l;i hours 10 to 0; t names.,714;Franklln st.'.
THE^GALL
JOH.V D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
¦TOHX McXAPGIIT ... . .Manager
\V. J. >LARTIX Business Manager
TEl-EPHONE.
/.tk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
cect Xcu "With the Department Tou "Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room- 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
DellTered by carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cts.
Term* by Mall. Including Postage (Cash Wit-
Order): ._ ..
DAH.T CALL (includ. Sunday), 1 year... $8.00
DAILT CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos... 4.00
DAILTCALI By Single Month «5c
6VKDAT CALL. 1 Tear 2-W
XVEEKLT CALL, 1 Year • l - w
-.^^-..^.^ f Dally... $8.S0 Per Tear Extra
SS R^i?^ \ Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE ] -w^iy. i.oo Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
F»nr> Copie« will be forwarded when r«-
cuested.
Mall ««becrlbers ln ordering change of ad-
«re»« efcould be particular to give both NEW
AKD OLD ADDRESS in order to lnsur» a
prompt and correct compliance with tbeir re-
|BNt
OAECLAND OFFICE:
IC16 Eroaeway Telephone Mala 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2MS Octer Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
*A_ItnxW. WALL Hotel Barton
XEYT TORK NETVS STANDS:
XTaldorf-Aetoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
union 6<juare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-avenna
Bot«l aad HoSfnian House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehennan House; P. O. News Co.; Great
?»orthem Hotel: Tremnnt House: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNEeS. MarQuette Building.
tt«eng Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN B. SMITH.... 30 Tribune Building
KETT TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
BTTEINEES OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
IJ o clock every eight ln the year-
BRANCH OFFICES:
1005 Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open on til
31 t. m. .
?27 Montgomery street, cemf r Clay; open until
B:SO ». m. '
tOO Hayer street: open until 9:30 p. m.
*~» McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
ria Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
j.<41 Ml«ion street; open ur.til 10 p. m.
J,5 E1 * ver >th etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1C06 Valencia street : open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets:
epen or.tll 9 n. m.
?>00 Fiilmcre nreet: open nntll P p. m. •
MEETIgG -7OTICES.
CALIFORNIA Comrr.anderv No. 1. IC , **-
T.— Regular assembly THI? FAKX- &fT
ING at 7-.:<n. Baxtaeaa only. All fra- hX
terF court«»ouEly invirwl. W
CHARLE? M". PLT'M, Commander.
T. L HENDERSON. Recorder.
LA PARFAITi: I'nion Lndge No. IT. F. m
ml A. M. — Called matins FRIDAY. W
October 14. 1»>4, at 8 o'clock. First -^^T\
degrt*. By order of the W. M.
m P. ST. JULLIEN. S?c.
APOLIX> L^dgo No. I2S, I. O. O.
F.— First degree THIS iFRIDAV)^Jg|l&
NIGHT. « o< l< ¦ k sharp. \']-;t.-rs-_« s '^c>y*»'3
cordially invited. -^SIW© 5 "
ARTHUR BEHREXD, N. G.
•U". F. yORCROSS, Rec. Sec.
PBESIDJO Lr^se No 334 I. O. O. v ,,
F.— Initiation THIS < FRIDAY) -3*_3^^&fe
EVENING. October 14. ¦d&.<*fip±s
ARTHUR COLD EWE. N. G. ~~' Z $rt3i& ! '
Vk. H. SHARPE, Sec.
CALIFORNIA LODGE No. 1, K. of P., .<*»
m^tp THIS FRIDAY at S o'clock. VJ^_^
Pioneer builiinir. 24 Fourth t«t. /-V&
Knight rank, amplified. Visitors >§<Si<
cordially invited. *^^
F. O. MOLL. C. C.
R. N. MfLENNAN. K. of R. and S.
MISSION Council . No" 1010. WSfcUlJ" »y~*
Natlonai L'rion. meets THI>^^*5__5C^^.
?FRIDAY) EVENING at f> X^-»-^-'~Q
o'clock. Senator Cuthb»rt
Fp*-aks on the advanced rate.
TT. A. HARGEAR. See.
CAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. /^P'fSs^k
K. O. T. M— Review THI3 /^--— 'C^^
(FRIDAY) E\*ENING at S fej^J O V3>1
©'dock. Pioneer Hall. 24 E^if i\\^J
D. B. RICHARDS.
ET. ANDREWS Soriety— Open meet- v C7 >»
ing at Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin 5*. ?JiX7
rt., MONDAY EVENING. Oct. 17. \Vtj2c
S c>lock. Ppriss o' heather frae. v t^4,
Scotland will be dlrtributfd. Members and
fri«nds cordially invited.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN. Pres.
R G. ELP.ICK, Asyt. Pec.
— A( f EgT S
BOLIDAT bcokt; samples ready7~besirTlnes"-
all publisher*; best line of 6ubEcription
fcockr; best terms; agents and canvassers
wanted every county and town THE J.
PETTING CO.. Flood building. S. F.
EXPERIENCED canvassers. $« to 19 day. 1114
Washington st.. Oakland, r. 3; lo to 12 a-m.
INKI.ESS fountain pens: sample 15c: dozen
tl 60: r^atlE sr.c. FIELD CO.. 119 Bush at.
A-TOBBrEYS-AT-IiA.'W.
R. 'vT. -KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg
«tb floor; entrance room Oil: cFtahliFhed 2«
yeart; al! courts, peneral court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for connuHa-
tion; evening* by appointment. Tel. Red .".601.
ADVICE free rn all Ipgal matter*; dlvrrces a
specialty; private, quirk: no pay in advance;
mining companies orranized-.patents obtained
G W. HOWE, 1122 Market st.: estab. 22 yrs!
AAA— DIVORCE costs, $12: quick" "quiet '
Advice free; all law business.
No charpe unless fuc^KEfu)
1035 Market ft., err. Seventh, room 419.
AA— Divorce; royts $I2:qulck^uleTJad^i"ce free^
all law buFiness; no charge unless *ucce5s-
ful; op^n evenings. 027 Market St.. room 301.
ADVICE frre; divorce costs $12- no fie* or
costs in aflvance; m i, w business; "office
open Saturday evenir.gs. S19 Market st..r.33.
«J1 law business; no charge unk,, tu ? c . M .'
Tul: oren_j : ve n ings_927 Market, room goV
TT.Matthewe C?2 Market f*.; rensuhati^n" fre7
private and ConfldenfUl: no advance fees :
collections, rr.erhanic..' Utn*. t^na nt! < eVctld!
L S. CI_*RK. P27 Market, room 30« : consulta-
tion free: no re>g in ad^anre: open everdnS.
A WEEK'S new» for 5 r»nti>--Th- W»eklv rail
16 pages. In -rapper, tor mailing. $1 per year!
ASTHMA CTJEE.
DI .^ 0I i5' S AKthm * SMn^^iVveTTngtantiv^
10c, 2Sc 60c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas :
10th ar,d Wathirrton. Oakland:
\ ASTROLOGY.
ZCBEIDE, aFtrcloger:
tioioglcal readings. » Mason gt.. rooms 1-2T
BAI.M OF PIOS.
A POSITIVE cure where all others f_ip"~ali
diseases of woacn; $2 per month. 801 Larkin
*t^ upstairs. - .
BZXSS. 22OGS. ETC.
IIaRTZ McunUin canaries t Afrlca^TgraVpaT-
rots j-st received. A. C. Roblwon. ::v, Kearny.
EOAKDiaref for childre,.
'HALL child to board in private family; beet
f'f care. fe61»£ Greenwich et.
WANTED — Child to beard: good home- best of
cart- near school. 1S»O Mission st.. nr. 13th.
PrV3-3E35TD NOTICES.
DrviDEND NOTTCE— The Nevada National
- Bank of .San Francisco — At a regular meet-
!cc of th« Board of Directors of this bank.
htld October 4, 1904. a dividend for the
quarter year, ending September 30 1004
f.-a« declared at the rate of seven (7) per
tent per annum, payable on and after the
Uth tnst. Transfer books will be closed
:rom tb* 10th to the 15th In«t.. both days
inclurtve. GEORGE GRANT. SecreUry.
fcan Francieco.- Oct. 4. 1004.
__^ DKIHUINO.
BU AXAfttE^carTTTtnF fcOcT tabTot form
S!^ 1 r ln » ''a^Pwluwre : , ha» cured ' ihou-
•txid*. I_ I*. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg., S. F.
CAJtPETJBEA^WO^WnB^CMANTNO.
COMPRKSSED Air and Vacuum Process useU
for cleanirg carpets on floor without removal;
carpete and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.:
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become dlsgnSted with your work
send for SPAL'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison st. ; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mlgelon 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S. 210 Fourteenth M.—First-cla»s
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tcl. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et.: tel. Mission 263.
__jJ0PQiyQ-H0UBi;8 rOB SAI.I!.
A— CAMERON & CO.. 7"phone South 1050."
8 Eddy et.. cor. Market and Powell. •
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
Alt Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease; flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything ln
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city.
7- room modern flat; close in; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished: on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit; on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
I0S rooms; rent only $5 50 per -room: long
lease; up-to-date downtown. ¦ modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator: all light
rooms, well furnished throughout: chance of
lifetime to get flrst-class house that is clearing
$350 to $4.10 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for ¦ Europe to • settle an estate; make offer;
exclusively with us.
• 00-room. , new. modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish: this little gem at bar-
; gain on account Eickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; flrst-class location;
| well furnished and good running order; clear-
1 Ing new over $200 per month full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
180 rooms; grand, new," modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent;- flne lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain 'if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership. '
60 rooms; new, modern building; 'elegantly
furnished; close ln; full- of flrst-clasa people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany:, fine proposition;
good lease. .-'•:., '
. 16. rooms; rent $C5; good furniture and car-,
pets; always full; must^sell within nest ten
days; leaving city; make offer. '
' 30 rooms; newly' furnished throughout: five-
year lease; downtown; fine, respectable, money-
making' house: part down, balance reasonable
interest. . , • • • , - ¦ ;-;;:.. * :
" 9- room flat: rent only $50: water free;- cak
furniture;, good carpets; must sell;; price $400.
i 12S Tooms, cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class.
up-to-date ' downtown -"nouse; well' furnished;
clearing $500 to $C00 per month; must .sell on
account of ether business; only with us.
; C5 rooms;' best downtown 'commercial (house
In' city; clearing now $300 per month; -every-
thing, first-class condition;* will 'trade for^Oak-,
land. Alameda' or Berkeley property . or . ranch
in California; must leave city. ; I /
¦ ¦-. 21 rooms;' cheap rent; very central; good fur-
niture • ¦ and carpets : , clears ; $100 • per : month;
must leave city; make an 'offer. "¦ ¦'.' ;' -.
.84 rooms; "cheap rent; 'thoroughly ' renovated;
all In flno shape;. 'fine 'little' apartment-house;
clears 5150; reduced it,o $2800. ,
¦-; Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
: - CAMERON. 3 Eddy St.-
HOTELS. •..; , ., . . j ./A.,' - .--.-O ... y . ,; . .
11_ ROOMS "and ¦ bath ; .'rooms : always"! rented;"'*
,, bargain ; ', no ; reasonable : offer , refused ; • owner
city/- 643 Geary st;'- ; ;¦¦¦/». ,.-. ; yi' ,¦;,>:;
12-ROOM .house; only $20 rent;; $600 cash; well
furnished. ".. 625 .' Jessie • St.; tbet. 6th ) and: 7th.-
Containefl.
A Phenomenal $!T15e^itaT^ReTdTnT7o?~$i
rrJ»t e P Erea M ~ ELLSMERE - - Ellsmere -Th-
VrVL, f B3r 1 P t , lan 8eer> P aln "»». medium: the
greatest clairvoyant in the- world; tells your
vn^'nf Ht y0U CaIIed for ' - rhom and wf ifn
>ou wm marry, about business, etc.: Ellsmere
is Ilff-rent from other cialrvoj-antu because he
does what they claim to do: things that are
beynnd ordinary understanding-. thin»» that
seem Impossible; he gives you information, re-
lief, success, satisfaction, rower and control
or any character affecting any one or anything
past, present or future; he tells you Just what
you may expect and what to Jo for your best
interests in any matter; h? awakens a natural
force within and around you. giving you a se-
cret power to remove the cause- of any trouble
influence, unhapplness. disease, poverty, failure
or bad luck that surrounds you: he opens ui.
a way for success and happiness you desire- a
pewer to secretly change the thoughts, actions
habits or Intentions of any one. even miles
, away: remember there Is no guesswork when
; you consult him:! If afTalrs of the heart or emo-
tions of love interest you, he gives exact and
truthful advice on all love affairs: he advlsex
you how to settle lovers' quarrels and enables
you" to win the esteem and love of any one you
desire.
3 offices. 10O7H Market st. 3 offices.
Open Sunday, every day. I<» to 8. Mail. $2.
A— THE EMINENT
RICHARD MATO.
THE GREATEST LIVING ADVISER ON
THE CONTINENT.
This we*k ?1— His $10 reading^$l this week.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted
I demonstrate to the entire satisfaction of my
patrons that I am in a position to advise them
in all matters of life, whether on business, do-
mestic trouble*, health, or on social lines. If
you desire to have your lost love returned.
your enemies converted Into stanch friends In
a word, whatever may be your troubles, suspi-
cions or desires— call on this gifted man. He
will tell you frankly your condition, what you
may expect. If nothing can be done for you
be will not accept one dollar of your money
He tells everything, good or bad. Tou hear
the truth and nothing but the truth. As a test
In his readings he tells you your name, age
and what you want to know, giving date*'
facts and figures. All business sacredly confi-
dential. Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.. daily and
Sunday. •
421 Ellis, st. Don't rln». Walk In. ,
. - — — ___
MME. M. BERNARD -TSE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium- Derma
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Exam
Iner bldg.; she reads your life correctly
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future: If you are In
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic. love or business trou-
bles, consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad
vice In all affairs of life; 23c up; satisfaction
guaranteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 43«».
FROM all sections they com« to witness th«
y wonderful demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would It not
be a relief to know how you will succeed
to be relieved of the matters that are troub-
ling you and of the schemes of your enemies
that you may meet with better success? Then
for a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE"
42S Eddy et.; three separate reception par"
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m.-8 pT m.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant, me-
dlum, bora with double veil and second sight
? lv f? lu .£ ky da v »-teH» Past, present, future.
Ladies 50c; G., by cards, $1: palmletry. clalr-
voyant sittings. $1 50. 303 Jones, near Eddy.
ISM AR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hoars— 10
a.m. to 5 p. n>. ; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. \ Phone South 1141.
WHEN others fail, try Mrs. Clark, the wonder-
ful palmist, clairvoyant and card reader; la-
dles only. 42S Geary st
'A — Mme. Ravenna reads life: business advice;
names given: 25c up. 8 Ellis at., near Market
MME. ODELL. r clairvoyant, card reading, tea
¦leaves; 25c up. 612',-j Eddy St.; no sign.
MME. GABRIEL, Eastern palmist: card read,
er; 12 to 6. 765 Marke,t.r. 2. opp.Phelan bldg.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
. er; readings 25c;, 2 to 9 p. n_ 512 Jessie st.
MRS. - BAUMANN, the well-known xortona-
teller, ts, now at 317 Ellis at.- i
,-- . gprarrrjAxisM.
MOVED-^Mrs. " J. J. Whitney, clalrroyant
¦.business medium and life reader St. K_U»-
, ryn. 4S0 Ell's. st., corner Leavenworth. room
.' 221: r no signs. .- .
MRS. CRINDLE'S materializing seance Frldav
• eve.. ;S o'clock. 328 Ellis st. . . - ,' .
C* MATO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkin.
room j 49 ; i readings; 1 to , _ ; tel. . South 31&!
FR,BE — A CGHPLCTC SET Or CREPE PAPER LUNCH SETS,
! ..FREE,.. ..FREE..
I CREPE PAPER.
I FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS
i ¦ • • ¦ '-¦¦;''¦ •¦-',.¦¦ ' S'ife'
$ fe "^ :I |Plr 111 A LUNCH SET CONSISTING OF
I W- • '¦' i%4 *¦ ' ne Tablecloth 42x70
I fellp^E' : fBm 1 ta k' e decoration and have become quite a fad
ft BB-B-B-H-M^fc ' - _v. ' _<ife_^_-_-_H_-_B I r 1
§ fflMMwMBte; £*&** jfflBHBpPil inches, teas and even dinner parties, as
8 '' ' -JMfM^\iJEHUUHHHm\ they closely resemble linen in their texture and
8 SAMPLE DOILIE SHOWING ONE DESIGN. tAlU • dlIU
§ *===—=—========. = — === — J are most artistically printed in various designs
| such as Holly, Violets, Rose, Lace and Palm. The coloring is vivid and the effect most natural.
| Aay one bringing a Want Ad to our office
| THURSDAY, FRIDAY OR SATURDAY
g Will receive FREE a box containing one of these sets.
I GALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
| OAKLAND OFFICE - - •- - 1 01 6 BROADWAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1904.
13
LOST AND FO~~P.
LOST— At Emporium, black silk bag containing
money and gold watch highly prized as heir-
loom, bank and check books and papers valu-
able to owner alone. Generous reward return
to Hotel Netherland office; no questions asked.
LOST — Lady's gold watch; inscription, "From
Charlie to Mother": lost between Turk and
Market sts. and Piedmont Park. Oakland.
Return to Netherland Hotel, 18 Turk; reward.
LOST — Black leather pocketbook, containing
naturalization papers and other papers.
Please return to 252 Twelfth ave., Richmond;
reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of HARRY N. HUNT. No. 2S3-
267; the finder will please' return to bank.
LOST — Jersey cow (muley). Return to 647
Ninth ave., Richmond; reward. DR. BUft-
TON. »
LOST — Black greyhound. Return to A.
BUKER, 1338 Jackson at.; reward.
LOST — Small red purse containing money and
jewelry. Reward at 210 Twelfth st
LOST— Male collie; answers to name Imp. Re-
' turn to 1208 Sutter st. and receive reward.
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Selling your old gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made Into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter st.
¦ TUAsrB^ms^Axm pujlows.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard et. ; phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
ate painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MBS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Poet at.
MRS DR. KOHL reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
Ilef guaranteed. 1008^ Market st.. opp. 8th.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' specialist, now
visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st .
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — AH who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist" on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu.
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st
DR and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1126 Market
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES— Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Rugglea Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MINES AMD mKIHQ.
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO. Crossley bldg.
anscELLANEOus— roB sale.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
-H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite, in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
AN elesrant assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
' ments; goods delivered on - first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear r'aohinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 233-255 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
weddlns rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO., 25 Stockton st. ._
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress,
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery et, room 12, upstairs.
AN elegant white porcelain 5^-foot bathtub.
213 Fourth st. ¦^
FOR sale, cheap, four pure fox terrier puppies.
Call at 520 Broadway, 7 to 5 p. m.
FOR sale — Maternity cape for $8; cost $17. Ad-
dress box 1441, Call office. Oakland.
JACKSON, 1015— Flrst-class canaries; all
guaranteed.
BARGAINS in 2d-hand cash registers. Includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed; terms. 14 Turk st.
FOR sale — A few genuine Navajo blankets at
cost Apply 409 Market et.
WRITING desk, bookcase, combined: leaving
city; cost $67 50; cheap. 4432 Eighteenth et
SAFES and desks, prices right at Richardson
Bros., 123-125 New Montgomery, nr. Mission.
Wallpaper. 3%&c; paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merigan, 1302 Webster; tel.Stelner 3671
2D-H AND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for eale cheap at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN * TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring. $50: terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN, 138 Montgomery st.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO., 413 Sacramento.
FINE diamond sunburst: 7 large stones; a
¦ bargain: $350. 10 Sixth st -
ROOMS papered,. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 'MO Third; tel.Maln 413.
DESKS bought sold and exchanged. T. D.
. McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st: tel. South 811.
FOR sale — Flrst-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL, 1021% Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p., cheap, fi. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mrkt
SAFES-^New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 4G Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO.. room 405. Ad-
ams bldg.. 206 Kearny st. : phone Black 3006.
HIGHEST prices for ladles'. cents' castoff cloth-
ing., etc.* Tel. Davis 823: C50 Sacramento st
AAA--BUY any anVt good 2d-hand ladies' and
men's clothing. U22 Folsom. tel. Folsom ?322.
HIGHEST prices paid; gents' castoff clothing
and shoes. Tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington st.
Ti LTON want* good second-hand clothing anc"
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jessie 2X81.
MqjTBY TO LOAW.
LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
, ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
......INTEREST 5% and « per cent
CITY ' OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY ..
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies,
estates in probate, undivided interests in
* property, probate realty loans, stocks and
bonds.' legacies • and undivided Interest* in
• property, purchaeed.
. MANHATTAN - LOAN COMPANY. .. . .
- Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.: phone Main 5924.
-; -?• , WILL LOAN . /
; • A reasonable amount on
. 1st 2d or 3d
Mortgage." on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest . ¦ .
Give full : particulars .
of .property or chattels.
Location, etc. . • <
Box 490. ¦ Call . office. • .
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
' confidential. Diamond : Parlor Jewelry . Co..
722 Market »t,"tsSSBSBSBtKSBBBKtBKmmBBK
'.]]¦ Loans on furniture,' pianos and other securities,'
r r I ; .>.- $23 up,*, without 1 removal.'. ; The ¦ North t Amerl-
, ,'.- can Realty and Bond Co., 60 Columbian bldg.
~y;i.P WAITTEP— MALE— ContimiM.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5818.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French. Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages. -
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
60,000 Mtn Work. Increase 60,000.
Matcher and sticker hand, $3 to $4 day.
WHEELWRIGHT. NEVADA, $3 DAY.
C woodworkers; 5 bench hands.
14 cabinet-makers, factory work.
Matcher and sticker hand/ $3 50 day.
Carder, cotton machine, $2 25 day.
2 cut-off sawyers, country. $75.
Table-makers; 3 brushmakers; band sawyers.
Gang trlmmerman. fare $2 60, $50 and fd.
6 PLUMBERS, $4 50 DAY.
Your fare paid; non-union men.
12 PLASTERERS, $4 50 DAY.
G IRON MOLDERS.
Well digger. $40 found; lever man dredger.
$75.
DRAPERY SALESMAN.
HOTKL DEPARTMENT.
Slaughter-house butcher, fare paid, $30 fd.
Knife men. shop men. etc. i
COOKS.
9 cooks, different jobs. $C0, $50. $40, $30 fd.
6 waiters, porters, bedmakers. $20 to $35 fd.
Slavonian steward, $50 and found.
Greek porter, country saloon, $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BOYS— BOYS— BOYS.
GANG CHARCOAL BURKERS. 18c SACK.
. FARM HANDS.
25 farm handp. $30, $26 and found.
15 choremen and boys, ranches, $15 to $30 fd.
• 12 boys or young men, sash and door factory,
$1 to $1 50 day. •
' Boy, city grocery store; saloon porter, $25 fd.
5 sheep butchers. $S0.
MURRAY & READY. 634 _and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
2 carpenters, city Job, $3; 3 carpenters, $3 50
day. ' •
• 3 ship carpenters, $4 day.
Carpenter, mine, see boss here, $3 day.
BUTCHERS.
MEAT CUTTERS.
Slaughter butcher, country shop. $50 and fd.
2 butchers, small country shops. $30 and fd.
Shop butcher, fare $1. $50 and found.
4 sheep butchers, city work, $80.
WOODWORKERS.
Woodworker, country shop, fare $1, $3 day.
COAL MINERS.
COAL MINERS. WASHINGTON
STATE WASHINGTON STATE
Coal miners to go to Washington; good
mine, no gas. good accommodations, com-
pany guarantees $3 up per day; see us
about it. ;
Part Fare Refunded.
• MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
LOOK
AGAIN.
.5 bricklayers. $6 day; cement finisher, $4. day.
3 plasterers, $5 day; 2 painters, $3 50 day.
8 plumbers, $4 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
3 CARPENTERS, city, $3 day.
. Young man to care for race horses.
Butcher and sausage-maker, south, $40 fd.
Young man. city store, $40.
2 pile driver men. Nevada, $90.
6 laborers, near city, $30 and found.
Married teamster, boss here, $72.
• Stableman, private place, San Mateo County,
$35 and found; baker's helper, city; boy for
erocery store.
. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A^ ~~ GOLD QUARTZ
MINERS. MINE. MINERS.
10
Hand miners, gold mine, $82 50.
Mr. Ruesell, mine foreman, please call.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; only Institution teaching the ton-
sorlal art Call or write for free catalogue.
Special offer. Mchler Barber College. 649
Sacramento st
MAN about place wanted; muet be able-bod-
ied and sober; age no object; good home:
small wages. Apply Sunday morning to
JOHN WOHLERS. Colma, San Mateo Co.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop in the country for
sale; all oak furniture and continuous mir-
rors; ono of the best towns In the State; side
line pays rent. Address box 2977, Call office.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to- register with- us free of charge. HORD
& SMITH. 95 Third st, 8. F. .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 23c to 60c per night.
BARBER school; the cheapest and best In-
struction and shortest time to learn the
barber trade In the world. 647 Commercial st
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
S. F. BARBER College will take next 6 scholars
free. Call for particulars at 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
MEN wanted at 137 3d st. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 min..75c.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st ¦
LABOR debts collected; sutts, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy., r.413.
PENSION Atty... S.A.Bullls,r.40,Phe!an bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st./ near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35o night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opeued at 100S Market at. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor Duncan A Church sts.
ALL ilsec men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITORS WASTED.
WANTED — Active, educated men of business
ability to sell the new International Ency-
clopedia. DODD, MEAD & CO., 561 Parrott
building.
HOB3ES AITI) WAGOlsrS.
FOR sale — For want of use, a beautiful pair
of .matched ponies, bays with black points.
51 Inches high; kind and gentle to drive sin-
gle and double. Can be seen at the Olympic
Club stables, 503 Sutter st.
BAT team, double carriage harness; 8 seated
trap; light surrey and buggy. Elm ave., off
Pierce st. between Golden Gate ave. and
Turk st. < to 11 a. m. and 5 to 6 p. m.
FINE river bottom pnpturagc; green feed year
'.'round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S.F.
CARLOAD gentle work and driving horses.
Western Horse Market. 220 Valencia «t E.
STEWART, formerly of 721 Howard st
THREE second-hand top wagons, business
• buggies . and delivery wagons of all kinds.
1PP4-1C06 Folsom st. •
WANTED— Twenty teams for scraper work
near city. HORD & SMITH. 95 Third st
FINE rubber tire Victoria; the latest thing;
for sale cheap. 1503 Folpom st.
FIRST-CLASS horse: fine new top wagon;
suitable baker}', laundry. 847 Mission st
WANTED — Large work horses: suitable . for
I>lano wagons. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st.
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons sojd cheap. 1080 Mission st, nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, , har-
ne»g. work & driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. If. paces. s»nt to any address in th«
Un't«rt Ptntes or, Canada one year for tt.
¦, ww^;., S9£?*£L'£SL3z£*i- K^.
A— PRINTED list of houses toTetTsendToTclr^
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
BRQADWAY. 11*32. near Laguna — 8 rooms,
, bath: marine view: mat $42 60. : ¦'¦¦.,..-,¦
HOUSES TO LET— FTT B~ ISHL'D.
FOR rent — Modern furnished house; 8 rooms
and bath: electric llghted; ; 2328 Pacific ave.;
" 2 car lines pass the door. For further par-
ticulars apply- M. SYLVIA. 17 and 19
Battery st. - i
PINE, 2790— Completely f urn. bay-window 8 r.
.bath; yard, 'basement; coal; gas r. ; clean, sun.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
; 16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOTJSES F~B~ISH1;D— FOB SALE.
FOR sale — 10-roora furnished house. 45 Sacra-
mento st: rent cheap. ¦¦ .¦ , -
v^_-3 _ u , nnrAriip iCTuni'^AV^;
SOLD. . rented, exchanged : - manufacturers of
Eamea tricycle chair, 2018 Mkt.;tel.Park 775.
LAUNCHES FOB HIBE.
C. A. McNEILL ; LAUNCH; CO., foot of Clay
j r st. ; for.;'pleasure and ; business: . tel.-, Bush 534."
J J. Mlchaells Launch Co., Unlon-st Wharf; boat-~ ;
\» " Ing & excursions/; 5 Steuart st; tel." John 2686.
-WATTTEP— FEMALE — Con.
EMPLOYEES' REGISTER CO^
•'4-U5 Chronicle building. Phone James 2621
2 experienced skirt fitters $18 week
Experienced saleslady for millinery. $14 week
Al Ftenugrapher $80 month
Expert burner and designer. Al salary if
capable.
Sewers on ladles' waists $8 to $12 week
Lady, light hcusekeeDlng. good place, no
work Sst. and Sun $15 mo. and found |
A— WANTED— Girls to learn nalrdreeslng-, |
manicurinc, etc.; trade taueht from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
|10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
medlately. Parlors 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng.
manicuring, flectric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
roropnlzed college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. . 133 Powell st ¦ ¦
WANTED — A young woman for clerical work
(experience preferred): must be quick and
accurate at figures and a good penman: posi-
tion temporary, but if proving herself very
efficient a steady position may be offered,
with suitable Increase. Please call In person,
A. SCHILLING & CO.. Second and Folsom.
REFINED, well groomed- young woman for
secretary; must have excellent health and
some knowledge cf music; one living with
mother preferred; stenographers and sales-
women need not appply; references: salary
$50 month; hours 9 to 5. Address box 2955,
Call office.
i LADIES to learn barber trade in 8 weeks; also
j halrdressing and manicuring in t weeks; cat-
alogue mailed free. Moler Barber College,'
649 Sacramento st
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators on
I overalls, coats and Jumpers: steady ¦work,
j LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32^ Fre-mont st
Apply to Mr. Davis.
APPRENTICE on vests wanted: paid while
learning. 1707 Market st.
ERRAND girl wanted. SCHIMMEL & STO-
VEli. 40S Sutler st. :_
KALE.
AA— EMPLOYEES' REGISTER CO., ~~~~~~~"
64-65 CHRONICLE BLDG. JAMES 2621.
Manager carpet department to sell, superin-
tend cutting and fitting carpets; salary $125
month to Al man.
A shipping clerk with 5 years' S. F. experi-
ence, wide awake man, $18 week.
3 metal roofers, Al men, $4 50 day.
Al cutter, country, close, $35 week.
Salesman for tailor, salary $18 week.
Harnessmaker, city, $3 day.
Good {-addlemaker, city, $3 50 day.
Campbell machine hand, $3 day.
Young man, assistant packer, salary.
6 drug clerks, prescription clerks. $75 start.
First-class poultryman, first-class wages.
Wine cellar man, ex., $2 50 day.
Young man to become pressman, $10 week.
Floorwalker, dry goods, ex., $65 month.
Good errand boy, printer, $1 day.
Cabinetmaker, no piecework, $3 50 day.
Registered dentist, Al man, $80 start
Upholsterer, city, $3 50 day.
Mattressmaker, city, $3 50 day.
2 stove plate molders, country, $3 50 day. .
Gentleman who possesses the capabilities to
¦ command salary of $100 and expenses.
Positions for live errand boys furnished free
of charge.
We advertise none but strictly bona fide
positions.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
806 Market st. room 325, fifth floor.
Openings for men.
Bookkeepers $15 to $25 week
Stenographers S15 week
Manager department store $25 week
Bill and entry c'.erk $15 week
Man for wholesale house $15 week
Man for warehouse $15 week
• Cabinet-maker $20 week
Watchman $15 week.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU,
S0« Market St., room 325. fifth floor.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third st
Cook, small country restaurant $25 tof40.
Butcher, city. $14 to $16.
Porter, "city store, $50.
Lumber pliers, north, $2 75 to $3.
Laborers, Amador Co., railroad, $2.
Teamsters, Amador Co.. $2.
Man to lay rock gutter, city, $2 50.
Laborers. Solano Co.. $2; steady.
DAIRY foreman, $80 and found; carpenter, $3
day; 2 woodchoppers, $1 50 to $1 75 cord, all
winter's Job; ranch teamster, $35 and found,
fare refunded; cook, country hotel, $60 and
found; vegetable man, country; butler. «>40
and found; and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. U28 Sacramento st
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st. — Cook, $73;
broiler $«5; kitchen hand. ?30: choreman,
prlvat* place, $25; hall and bell boy, $25;
butler, $45; butler, wife as cook, $75; etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12—
Dishwasher for mess house, must wait at
table. $30.
A BUTLER for small family In city, $45: a
second man for steady place. $33. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
WANTED^ — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg., 1005 Market st.
ERRAND boys wanted, between 14 and 16
years; reference necemary. Apply 9 a. m.,
I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis St.
LAUNDRY commission driver; apply immedi-
ately; bundle work preferred; state amount
of work per week. Box 2044, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber would like steady,
short-hour job on Saturday and Sunday. Ap-
ply box 2707. Call.
WANTED — Four first-class barbers; top sal-
ary. 41 Sutter tt.
GOOD barber wanted. 208 Third st.
BARBER for Saturday at 505 Fourteenth st,
Oakland.
WANTED— Lathers. Call 474 Twenty- fifth stT.
Oakland.
WANTED — A barber for Saturday and Sunday.
Iie2>4 Seventh st. Adeline station, Oakland.
BARBER wants Saturday and Sunday Job;
steady. Address box 2973, Call office.
WANTED — Brleht errand bey; iteady position.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO., 233 Post st.
WANTED — A burhelman for the country.
REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter at.
WANTED — A strong boy; good opportunity for
advancement. Apply 118 First -st
MUSICIANS to join military band. 328 Bush
st, third floor, room 4.
NEAT, clean cash boys wanted. Apply super-
intendent's office, the Emporium.
EXPERIENCED pantryman and porter want-
ed; must havo references. Call 38 Fourth st
TWO carpenters; S3 r>0; 8 hours; long Job.
Apply 612 Merchant st.
PAINTER and paperhanger; $3 50; steady job
to good man. 612 Merchant st.
THREE young men can earn course In city
business college. Box 2703. Call office.
CONCRETE man wanted. Apply early. 245
Larkln st. >
WANTED — Young man who Is a thoroughly
experienced dress goods salesman. Apply
between S) and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
I WANTED — Young roan who Is an experienced
city router. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m.
| at HALE BROS.'
NOTICE to barbers — Charter open for thirty
days; Initiation fee $2 50. By order of Local
148, J. B. I. U. Of A. ABE GORFINKEL,
1 secretary pro tern.
MAN to learn good paying trade; references
and $25 deposit required. Call to-day. 212
'. First st. ¦ -'¦ . ¦ '
' WANTED — A traveling salesman for a large
local tailoring establishment. Apply box 2814,
Call office. ¦ ' .--' :,
BARGAIN— 2-chalr shop; revolving chairs;
: good business; flrst-class every respect; $100;
eellinc account' departure.' Box 1566, Call.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23o
to 60c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts..
or 11 Third St.; Examiner building.
i WANTEDr-A good shoemaker at 3004 Mis-
. slon »t
• WANTED — Bright young man ¦ ac a collector;
must know the city. ¦- Box 2056, Call office.
¦ JOBBING plumber. . Apply ¦'. 3066 Twenty-
fourth st. . . ...
, BARBER shon for sale on Market - st : very
reasonable. Anply Call office. •
FOR sale— Barber shop; will sell at a sacri-
fice. . 1437 Mission st.
. MAN to learn the barber trade. We pay you
> while learning. 751 * Mission st.
• WANTED — Ten ¦ good salesmen : for: city '. work..
Apply at oncf,~ Occidental : Hotel, roonv 89. :
THIIEK-CHA IR barber " shop x sale J on * ae-
¦ I / * count ¦ sickness.* • 779 > Folsom, ¦ nr. :> Fourth « st •
EMPLO^IE^TJWAJ^TED--Teinale--Con I 3
AN «^dcr:y American woman wants light !
wnrk: pood home and $li> a month. Box
2003. Call office.
TVPEWRITING. copying, addressing envelopes
reasonable st MISS EDNA CRAMER'S, room
SW>. Mutual Bar.k building.
AUTISTIC drctsmakfr wcuM like engagements
by the day. $1 5(»; dresses altered, perrect
fit guaranteed. Address box 2415. Call.
IMtrSSMAKING wanted at 34 Sixth st.
CcLOREl* girl wishes position as charuber-
n-.«!d or sewing. Phor.e lied «5S3. 566 Sutter
TYPEWRITING of any kind. Hoom C04. 70s
Market st ,
SWEDISH girl wants position for general
housework; wages $13 to $18. 2386 Bryant.
ADVEKTISRMKN'TS. subscriptions received at
. Cal! Branch offire.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and ri '>sertpt!ens taken for The
Call at F.aton-R Baraar. C?S McAllister st.
EKPLOYMEHT WASTED — MALE
WK have some tirst-oUts men for all kinds
of work seeking pltuatlon*. J. F. CRO5ETT
& CO.. :^S Sacrmr.ento ».
A SOBER, industrious joung married man
wishes »>c*i!ioa as clerk In store; has had
four y^ar*' exjierience in general merchan-
dise; '»n furnish good reference. 2S95 How-
ard st.
YOCNG f<»reiiiTser. bookkeeper, speaks and cor-
r<"#pond* in the English. German and Scandi-
navian languages, wants position; best refer-
ences; Trili:r.g to start at low salary. Box
2693. Call oMce.
A A— A SOBER, first -class painter, paper-
hir.g- :. Uattt and cralner desires a steady
petition: please state particulars. Address
Painter. 1S73 47th ave.. bet I and J sts. I
EMPLOYMENT by one-armed man of good
address ar.d ha bite; experience In insurance
and clerical work; act ar doormen or watch-
man. Box 2954. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— Young man wants position
either as bead or assistant; best references;
J» year*' experience: lumber business pre-
!»nri. Itoozn 62. Hotel Rjunona.
HONEST, willing young man. looking for por-
ter and bartender position, with good refer-
ence. Box 2700. Call otfice.
WANTED — Position by flrst-class salesman
*.r.d foJlcitors, or as general agent Address
box 2694. Call office. ¦
EXPERIENCED check writer wants position.
Box 2955, Call office.
FIRST-CLA.8S barber wants situation In the
country. Box 2*515. Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, young man, experienced au-
fittcr and systeinatlter. familiar with all
modern methods; permanent or temporary;
excellent credentials; wages moderate. Box
2547. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN man and wife would like
- work on ranch; wife good cook; man general
ranch hand: understands to take charge of
ranch: best of references. Box 2604. CalL
MAN and wife, young, want position; man ex-
perienced coachman asd groom, do garden-
ing '.f required: wife a good cook; city ref-
erences. Box 2757. Call offioe.
yOL'XO man. 17 years old, desires position In
wholesale faouee, office or outside work; 2*4
years' experience; can furnish best of refer-
ences. Box 2760. Call office.
AUSTRIAN. 30 years old. speaks English.
Gertr.an. Polish and Russian, wants position
«s bookkeeper, cashier or collector; city or
country'; best references. Box 2424, Call.
GOOD all-round man wants position in pri-
vate place; understands care of horses, gar-
den- good driver: can milk; good references.
Box 2515. Call office.
A THOROUGH constructing electric or steam
engineer, understands mining machinery and
rai.road work; good references. Address
bcx 2SK5. Call office.
PLUMBER, licensed and independent wants
work from property owner by the day or
*> — r. . has all necessary shop tools. Box 2SO4,
Call office.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants utr- of bocks to keep, opening and
closing books, expertlng accounts, etc Box
2263. Call efflce.
SrOTfHMAN. educated, especially medicine,
sur.T^ry Jind pharmaceutical: liKht position;
«tt*nd gentleman; travel. Box 2S15. Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper (male. 36) is open
to m. engagement: good references. BETA,
box 297S. Call office.
YOl*NG man. 22 years of age. would like
work !n electric plant to learn trade or oth-
?nut'-. Box 2S12, Call office.
I Wl>H work, city or country; good cook; good
r*<-orrmendatir>ns: very honest boy; wages
t2T. month. HITA. 23S Kearny St.
COACHMAN and gardener, all round handy
man. can milk, handy with tools, wishes po-
sition; best references. Box 2953, Call office.
EXPERIENCED traveling man wants, situa-
tion; small salary and expenses to start with.
Adrtres* box 2*>68, Call office. • •
POSITION by young man as bookkeeper or
cl«rk in hardware or paint establishment;
wjtges moderate. Box 77. Call office.
TOL'NG man desires position with a flrst-class
mining company; experience; best of refer-
ences. Box 2S79. Call offlee.
YOUNG man would like any kind of work "at
right; understands running elevator. Box
2S36, Call office.
A YOUNG German married couple wish a po-
sition. MAIBAUM. 553 Alcatraz are.. Oak-
land.
ARCHITECTURAL, draughtsman would Uke
petition with marble works. Box 2605. Call.
HANDT man wishes position to make himself
useful in many ways. G. W., T14 Howard st
BUTLER wishes a position In city or country;
has f.rst -class references. Box 2880, Call.
BUTLER wishes a position, city or country.
Bcx 2S45. Call office.
BARBER, young man, wants chance to learn
business. Address box 2878. Call office.
U ANTED — Situation as specialty salesman.
Box 2574. Call.
WANTED — Position as collector: references
Nc. 1 and bonds furnished. Box 2421, Call.
CHINESE, excellent cook, very nice refer-
ences, wishes a ultuatlon in family; city or
country: wares $35. Address 734A Jackson
i»t.. room 21. phob* China 146. between 8
and 11 a. m.
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants situation in
private family. CHING WING. »02 Clay st.
JAPANESE boy wishes place as schoolboy or
st housework in nice family. Address R.
TANA, JS43 Webster st, near Pine; tel.
. Jadcscn SS4L
JAPANESE young, strong boy wants position
to take rare of garden or housework in a
small family. K. ENDO. 235 Valencia st;
phone Church 3152.
JAPAXESE woman wants a place in small
family as plain cook, housework; or couple,
man good cook. K. R-. 1 Martin alley, off
Taylor St.. between Geary and Post.
JAPANESE •wants to wash dishes and wait at
table e\ery night, and Sunday work. HAK-
RT. 1410 Pine ft. Ban Francisco; pnone
Hyde 17L
JAPANESE boy wants a position, porter,
chomtx-rwork or housework; understands
some EnirllFh. T. KAK-i, 744 Post st.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as schoolboy
1n a small family. K. IKKDA, Japanese
Gospel Society. 723 Geary st rv .: "5
A JAPANESE bonesrt boy wants position In
any kind of store or office at general work;
cpuiu well. HIHARA. 219 Post st
A GOOI> plain cook (Japanese boy) wants a
situation. GEO. D. Y.. 1325 Polk et; phone
Polk 4011.
A JAPANESE couple want positions; husband
belp cock; wire for waitress. V. KODAMA,
.. Z2U Slevenscn St. '¦,-.
GOOD Japanese wants place in private family;
" liouwwork, washing; or wait at table T.
CRANE. *42t> Railroad ave.. Alameda. "
JAPANESE young man wishes a position at
heu^wcrk- $2 week. T. STANLEY. 1304
Poei st.. plici*- Sutter 4132.
JAPANESE honest boy wants position in any
' klu.1 of store or office at general work; speaks
well HIHARA. 219 Post st
GOOD Jar>sne*e couple want positions In fam-
ily: man »s good cook: wife as waitress^ best
fii S. T., 1303 Polk st; phone Larkln 482.
TOl'NO Japanese boy wants a position as
whnolboy. G. ARIMORI. 423 Stevenson St.;
;rh'.ne J<?Mle 23S1. SJKJBS
JAPANF.FK hon»*t boy wants a position: wash
«3js>«.« or hounr-work : understands some Enc-
-¦ttrii T. NAKAMURA, 744 Post st
JAPANESE Hich School student wishes posi-
.<Mon In family: cood worker. GEORGir
— 121 ¦ Hafstit st
ji- -
JAPANKSE boy wants a position at nouerwork
~<?r,Jl* dishwasher. FRANK. 744. Post et '
JAPANESE faithful boy wants situation school
t<cj. S. O»:i525 Polk st. ; j.hcne Polk 401L - '
MONET TO LOAJT— Con tinned,
AAA-^HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 433 Parrott bldg|
A — OX furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
YOUNG A CO., room 537 Parrott bldg.. loan
money on furniture, pianos, etc.. at about
half the rate charged by other people: mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid off.
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. -UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
near Market
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security: diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 526 Parrott bid.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $23 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st. rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc.. at
2 per cent per month.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit CO.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture A pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorstr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
M0~~T WAKTEP.
WANTED to borrow $100 for 60 days; good se-
curity. Box 2614, Call office.v
BCT7SXCAL XHSTBTTMEHTS.
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS:
Mussard — Small upright, fine order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable. «
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chlckertng — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany case, 3 pedals, like new,
from $95 up; easy payments: all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos; all makes in used Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO., 2C5-237 Geary st; Oak-
land, 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
WHY pay $300 for a piano when you can buy
the same grade instrument for $160. cash or
installments, at 769 Market St., second floor?
ELEGANT walnut upright former price $250.
to be had for $117. cash or Installments, at
7C9 Market st., second floor.
SIMPLEX piano players, former price $250.
for $125, cash or installments, at 769 Market
st., second floor.
WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Curtas Piano Co.. 560-62-64
Hayes St.; tel. Fell 5761.
WANTED — Three good square pianos. BYRON
MAUZT, 308 Post st
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shoninger, little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
OFFICES A— P BTOBES TO LET.
ELEGANT offices; new Italian-American Bank
bldg., SE cor. Montgy. A Sacto; light and
sunny. G*. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgy.
$30— STORE to rent; 22xS3; 2 large show win-
dows. 1919 Mission, near 16th; water free;
basement
DESK room cheap to right party; fine light
office. 36 Geary st.. room 19.
FOR rent— Section of large loft; light and airy
L. MINK. 10P New Montgomery st.. 7th floor
PJ3Bj>O^gAX&^^^^
WANTED — To know the whereabouts of MR.
FRANK LINGS. His sister. Lizzie. Is very
much worried, as she has not heard of him
for S years. The last letter was mailed In
San Francisco, and In this letter he prom-
ised to visit her soon. Any information
would be gratefully received. Address let-
ters to MRS. LIZZIE DOWD. 1043 Celestial
St.. Mount Adams, Cincinnati, Ohio, or MRS.
WILLIAM WESTERBECK. 1203 Green st,
San Francisco. V-"_:.
A— MME. GILLINGHAM.
DERMATOLOGIST,
Has removed her parlors to 143 Stockton st,
Union-square bldg., over Regal shoe store, opp
City of Paris, room 16, where she will continm
to treat her patrons for all facial blemishes.
"REXRADIO" speedily, entirely "cured" mj
dangerous lung disease (address at offices).
Stacks of wonderful testimonials, signed b>
numerous witnesses, vouching for their cor-
rectness. "Public" healing 2 to 8 p. m. Fre«
consultation 2 to 7. 7S3^ Market St.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruS
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
eept no substitute. Star Remedy co.. 1333 Podc
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore threat, etc. Sold by all druggists • for
over 20 years; price 60c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk St.. S. F.
IF ED DOWD. a native of Massachusetts, will
call at Golden West Hotel within three dayi
he will meet relative who desires to meet
him. ¦
BEST on earth— Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured; $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 330 Grant ave.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. Q. S. MOORE. 832 O'Farrell st
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoati
and trous*rs at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture f or $7 3C
down and $1 SO per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near PoweiL
MRS. HOLSHOUSER. 320 Starr King bldg.. 12:
Geary — Bust devel.. electrolysis, massage
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO., the tailors. 729 Market st
ELEGANT suits to order/ extra pants or fancj
vests, for $14 73. Fred Wagner. 830 Market
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
. to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt
$J a week; suits to order $19 up. LEMO8. 112:
Market st. bet Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds; easy payments
P. V. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St Nicholas
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs
H Eaton. 369 Sutttr. Miss Eaton, 233 G-ary.r.3S
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hat:
tonic In tbe world at 1810 Sntter st
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $3 30
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERAGE costumes, play ', books, wigs
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores rrm:
hair to Its natural color: $1 at all drucvlsts'
: , PATsarrs. _ __
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at
: torney-at-law. C Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st
• '- - FXTBCHASUTQ _, AQEJTCJLE8. '
' 'CLARA'E.'. JEWETT.' purchasing agent; coun
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit
. ed. SCO Larkln St.. room 49; teL South 31i
SEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOB SALS-
W. J. GUNN.
530 California st.
Savings Union -building.
Pacific Heights lot; sum.* side; grand ma-
rine view; 34:4x103:6: overlooks the Prestdio:
all street work done; bitumlnlz?d: we offer *
bargain: the purchaser of th«» adjoining lot.
same sins, has tried for 3 years to buy it: he
will erect a costly resilience; » prominent arch-
itect is erectin* his home on the lot in the
rear of the ore we offer; the marine view. th»
eitely location, the fine class of houses going
up make this lot one of the choicest and
most desirable in the city; remember. It Is a
bargain.
Lots In subdivisions to suit on Paciflo
Heights; east sid* of street: corner just sold
and plans are drawn for k $5O.0CO residence;
tbe marine view is like a pan-.rama.
$1700 — Union-st. lot: on sunny side; 27:Sx
110; just about what it is apjeosed for; marina
view; cheap: adjoining lot Just sold and $6300
residence will be erected.
$1600 — Lake-st lot: sunny side; 27x72: a
barraln.
$7oOO — Creen-st. residence; 28:9x137:8; T
rooms and hathrocm.
J5500 — Lake St.; NW. sumr»/ corner: 79:6x
72; fronts also on Park; the choicest lot In
Richmond for a residence; It has no equal.
$5W«>— Union-st. lot; sunny side; grand ma-
rine view: 50x137:6.
$4250 — NE. sunny corner; good location for
rrocer: 120x50; Clement and 12th ave.; flns
corner to Improve with flats and store: per-
emptory order to sell; submit your offer: a bar-
gain can be had: the choicest corner In Rich-
mond.
$4tmft-.\E. sunny business comer: 32:6x100;
Clement and 10th ave.; the order received to
sell; we will submit any offer to the bank; %
bargain may be obtained; fine corner for
grocer
W. J. GUNN.
830 CALIFORNIA 8T.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In ths Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on street
(Trade: close to fine school; not far from th«
Misslcn-st. electric cars: secure one as an
Investment and by the ttme It Is pal 1 for It
will have doubled In value the way prices
have advanced during th<» pa.«* year; buy
now before prices become prohibitive in this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
GET in now at bottom prices. Corbin station.
West Berkeley, to b«» made the terminus West
Berkeley local. Now Is your chance; cheap
lots: trains every half hour: $'.l per month
commutation tickets, 5c each way; only 5©
minutes from San Francisco; only $."> p*r
month upon each lot. Buy a lot In the Home
Park Tract and double your money; station
on the ground, surrounded by residences and
factories. J. W. LAYMANOE. 6S2 Market,
r. 1<>, or agent on ground, 10 to 5 p. m.
FOR sale — Handsome new house. Ju«t com-
pleted, at 121 Fatrmount st (Guerrero car>;
»¦> nice rooms and bath: oak mantel, gas; big
handsome sideboard; tinted walls: porcelain
bath; wash trays; cement walk; lot 25x126;
$S0O cash; balance like rent.
$3800— CORNER. 100x100. with cottage. 7 r.
and b. ; St. graded and sewered: No. 2BO
Richland ave.. $«30O. 3 new flats. 5 r. and b.
each: West ave.. off Mission: pay 13 per cent
on Investment. D. Coffin. 232S Mission, nr.21.
$2R0C — Cottage. 3 rooms; on 29th st.
$700 cash— 2 new flats: ISth st; ready to
plaster. Apply 3297 Mission st.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot included,
any location, on $1 23 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
LOVELY home; R rooms and bath: 20th st..
near Guerrero; cheap. Address Box 2603. CalL
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 833 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
SAW MATEO BE AL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo elec-
tric cars; 45 minutes from 5th and Market
1 sts.; outside the fcg belt and Just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff"
wtll Join the main line; second subdivision
now b»»ng offered: 5O- foot lots from $400 op:
terms, first two subdivisions only $1O down
and t\f* a month: sewer and water pipes In
front of every lot: pure artesian well water:
half the lots |n subdivision No. 1 were sotd
In two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot in this desirable section on
easy terms: take the electric cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBT, KODOERS A CO..
-f Tel. Main 673. 11" California st.
CKICXE~ BA2TCHXS.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope; s)z«
to suit: easy terms: plenty water: fine fruit:
call for details: eo and see Sunday. Owner.
713 Mills building.
BERKELEY ADVEKTS'NTS
BEBXELET BEAI. ESTATE.
—4-150O—
A CHOICE home on Delaware st.. Berkeley; 8-
rooms and bath; lot 40x1^3; new and modern:
sunny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment If desired; no trcuble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth St.,
FKUITVALE ADVERT'S^TS
FKU1TTALE BEAL ESTATE.
I HAVE a nice lot. good central location; t
am Just starting a modern 5-room cottage,
high basement, etc. If you have $130 you
can own this place. Come and see ma.
M C. GIBSON (office open, all day Sunday).
No. 132C Frultvale ave.. next to 14th st
FOR SALE— $2750: It cost $3730; rents for $20
per month 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. ATT3TIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND APVERTS'MT*
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BXAI. ESTATE.
HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT (Inc.).
10CO BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$3500— We can't tell you about this exception-
ally fine property: you must see it; located
on El Dorado st ; has 4 bedrooms, parlor,
library, dining-room and kitchen; lot 63x
123.
$1000 cash, balance same as rent; the coziest
little house built this year now ready;
• reception hall, parlor, dinlng-rocm, nice
sideboard and mantel, library den wlta
seats, bookcases, etc.; tinting effects that
are pleasing; kitchen, pantry, etc.; 3 fino
bedrooms. 3 closets, bathroom with up-to-
date fixtures; lot 37 feet front; fencing,
walks and lawn complete: easy walk to
crosstown Key Route trains: 33 minutes
to San Francisco; In Linda Vista district;
see it; keys at office.
132
$2600— Furnished cottage on Chestnut st; 5
rooms and bath; bouse only one year old;
party leaving city; must sell; half cash,
balance terms.
1406
$1800— Mortgage of $750 can remain; e-roora
house on lot 33x130 feet; located In North
Oakland. Just east of Broadway.
BUILDING LOT.
$600— Bargain: within 2 minutes' walk of Key
Route: lot 33xlo«; on sunny side of street;
buy the lot; we will arrange for the home.
(See other papers for different ads.)
' HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT (Inc.),
1000 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$3730— NEW house; 8 rooms and large base-
ment: Falrmount ave.. near Unda Vista:
very desirable: easy terms. E. P. FLINT.
owner. 972 Broadway.
' FOR sale — Two new up-to-date bunxalow 8-
rolm bouses : large lot with , barn: very
cheap. Inquire on premises. . 638 Thirtieth,
: \ It. on 1033 Broadway. Oakland.
OAXLABI) FTTB3flSHE3> HOUSES.
¦ «65— ONE of the most elegantly furnished
¦ home's in Oakland: 8 rooms; 2 story; best
: part of city; parties 'going East FAT *
• SON. 9C3 Broadway. Oakland.
OAgLAJTD BOOMS. ¦
* NEWLY furnished rooms, bath Included; cen-
* tral location: gentlemen preferred. 213
[ Twelfth >t.. Oakland.
i OAKLAWD g U »j» ITjTBB^TOat JtAia.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas.- 11th st.cor.store.Oakland
" Continued on Page Fourteen.
EM^LOJTMErrT_ WAJTTED— Male— Con.
SITUATION wanted by German (37) as xta-
Mcman. labrrtr or any other kind of work.
Box 2UM). Call office.
WANTED — Situation as night watchman. Jan-
itor, porter, collector or work In private
place; Al references. Bos 2251, Call office.
VOUNG man, 30 years of age. wishes position
as porter: references or bond given. Box
29S6. Call office.
A. RELIABLE man wants position as night
watchman: references. Address I. B., 756
Kolsom fct. ".'!*.• < "
YOUNG man. 25 y<ar* old. would like to learn
carpenter trade. Box 27C2, Call office.
FINANCIAL. %S
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by the best of Income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
Interest.
Send for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO (INC.)
>1172 Broadway. Cor, 14th St..
Oakland.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4,600,000 00
Surplus 040,901 86 j
Issues j
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At pax.
Office— No. 14 Sansome stre-t '
San Francisco, Cal. '
COMPANIES Incorporated; new Ideas; pre-
feired. guaranteed stpeks; preferential divi-
dend*: big excitement mining; hurry up; do
It now; «took sold for you; Eastern connec-
tions: out-of-town clients polleited; advice
free. Write A. K. HAUASZTHT, B22 Cross-
ley building. San Francisco.
WATBTOMT.
A— HOTJSES and fiats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely Ire*: take' advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
«t.. en tbe square,
ASHEURT st.. between Haight and Page; new
4 and 5 room flats: everything swell; Janitor
service; come and see them.
NEW, sunny flats of 6 rooms and bath; tinted
in latest style and everything up to date.
3152 and 3154 Twenty-sixth st.; $25.
ELEGANT, new, sunny 6- room flat; $32 50; 1
block north of Market st 165 Noe st, near
Fifteenth.
FIFTEENTH, 21S6. near Noe— New, modern
flat <5 rooms, bath; rent $30; nr. Duboce Park.
FOLSOM, 2C7S — Sunny upper flat 5 room?, bath;
gar'i«rRS. cement cellar; adults only; $18.
NATOMA. 714. near Ninth — Lower flat, 4 sun-
ny rooms; large yard; rent $14.
PARLOR floor, 4 rooms, to adults; $20. 2128
Howard Ft.
STANYAN rt.. K18, nr. Frederick, facing the
Park — Finest $45 flat in the city.
MARKET. 2CT»8. nr. Castro — Modem flat 7
sunny rms: bath; laundry: $27 50; water free.
MODERN flatt of 3 sunny rooms. 9S3 San-
chex, corner of Twenty-third.
CENTRAL, modern flat: 5 rooms, bath. 1030
Sacramento st, above Powell.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
en LYON &. HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
MISSION warm belt; 2 new. sunny flats.
1122-1124 Guerrero st
NICE upper flat. 7 rooms and bath. $23. 190
Noe st.. near Fifteenth; Castro car.
FLATS TO LET— FU B~IB— EP. v
TO LET — Partly furnished middle flat of five
roomg and bath; rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 5 p. m.. 79 South
Park. ,
HANDSOMELY fur. modern flats. 4, 5 and 9
r. : sun: rent reas.; 2 to 5. p. m. 434 Bartlett.
FLATS FOB SALE — FXTBNXSKES.
FOR sale — A snap; 5 rooms completely fur-
nished: call 1 to 6 p. m.; room to rent; rent
J14. 219V4 Tehama st.
TURK, 108»i — 6-room flat, well furnished; good
transient: 2 rooms pays rent; all outside,
sunny rooms; bargain if sold by October 21.
FOR sale, chf-ap — Five furnished rooms: oak;
rent $15. water free; carhouse 2 to 4 p. m.
306 V! Sixth et.
EDDY, M2 — Well furnished 8-room flat; sunny;
make an offer.
ELLIS. 027, near Van Ness— Snap; $250; 6-
room flat completely furnished; very low rent
NEWLY furnished flat for sale; cheap. 4079
Eighteenth st.. near Castro.
CONTENTS of 7 rooms; must be sold by No-
vember 15. 151C& Vallejo st
TLATS^WAHTEDj
WANTED — 4-room flat; rent $18. Box 2067,
Call office.
FTTRHriTTJBE FOB SALE.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down. $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co., 340 Poat st.
rTTBamTBE WAKTEP.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. auc. 1636 Market: phone Jessie 23",tj.
HELP WAJTTEP— FEMALE.
4 COOKS, 1 French. 2 German. $30, $35 and $40
Cook for small boarding-house $30
4 second girls $20 and $25
High school graduate for office work .. .
2 nurEfiftrls fc2S
2 rar.ee cocks, nice places $25
Housework. Ross Valley %M
Restaurant waitress $8 week
Housework. Oakland $30
2 butlers, city $40 and ?45
French Inverness and seamstress
Charr.bermMI end laundress $25
Nurse for child, Belmont $25
40 girls for hou«work, city and country,
$25 and $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
A NURSE for 2 children: $25; must go to Ari-
zona; see lady here. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Butter St.. near PoweiL
A YOUNG woman to help with chamber work
and assist in the nursery of an institution;
$25; see lady here this morning.
A waitrers and parlor maid, $25.
A second girl for a large family, $23.
A nurse for children, $25.
A girl for housework. 2 In family, $30.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter. near Powell.
FIFTY ladles to sell Rowland Instantaneous
dye soap; can earn $12 to $15 per week; call
any time. 622 Hayes st
WANTED — A German ulrl for general house-
work for small family; good wages. ! 2001
Lyon St.. corner Clay. " J
WANTED — A finisher on coats; also a try-on
: maker. 220 Stevenson st, room 5.
YOUNG girls to fold printed matter. . ED-
WARD KNOWLES CO.. 24 Second st.
NEAT girl to do general housework; small fam.
lly; upper flat; wages $15. Apply 19t>G Green.
GIRL for light housework. Apply 162SH Lom-
bardst ¦ ¦
GIRL wanted for l.'ght housework; no cooking;
j no washing. 17 Third et.
I WANTED— A young nurse girl; Eleep home.
I Apply 14*J6 Post st. Friday morning.
WANTED — Young woman who Is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 3
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
A FIRST-CLASS maker wanted In millinery
store at «92 McAllister »t. .
WANTED — An experienced lady barber. 723
Howard st ¦ • •
CAPABLE demonstrator wanted; state business
experience. Box 2007. Call office.
WANTED— Woman to do housework. Apply at
354 First st.. Oakland, after 5 p. m.
SMART girl to do buying for dressmaking es-
lal.llshin^nt. J. BAER. 1200 Geary tt. .
YOUNG women of good education; to' train for
nurres; paid while learning. Box 2761. Call.
Fir.ST-CL'AfiS*r waist, skirt and ; coat hands.
¦ Awly u> J. BAER.'".12W Geary Et ', : A
THE LATEST PAD, TO WANT ADVERTISERS— FIR,__1__3TONOPAH AND GOI.DFIELD STOCKS. ,
' , Morning SessionI
2000 MacNamara . a"| 100 Rescue 11
K350 MacNamara . 3«|.100O Esperanza .... 02
COOO MacNamara . 3811000 N Y Ton 10
200 Ton of Nev...8 2.'i| 100 Red Top 15
S00 Ton Exten ..1 80! 1000 Jumbo 73
400 Mont Ton -...2 00|
Afternoon Session.
150 Ton of Nev."..8 25| 1C00 Goldfleld 25
300 Mont Ton ...1 0511000 Goldfield 23
i 1000 MacNamara . 381 500 Jumbo 70
200 Ton Midway.. 4«|1OOO Pennsylvania . 01
2000 Goldfleld .... 20|2C00 N Y Ton 10
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
3000 Esperanza ...' 01 100 MacNamara .. 36
500 Goldfleld B Bl CO 200 Mont Ton. . .1 97 Vi
500 Goldfleld Ton. 11 1500 Ton Belmcnt.. 63
1000 Jumbo Exten. 15
Afternoon Session. •
250 Black Ant3.. 10[ 1500 Ton Belmont.. <J3
' 500 Goldfld Dmnd. Ill 1000 Ton Gold Mt. 17
1000 Jumbo 721 200 Ton Midway. . 46
500 MacNamara . 35| 1000 Ton N Star. . . 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. '
j Bid. Ask.|. Bld.Ask.
Adams ...... — J°j Jum !~ "••••• 70 73
Black Ants.. — 1 0i Jumbo Exten. 17 —
Black ¦Butte:. 18 —I Little Ton ..25 —
Blue Bull • M . 20 271 Lucky Tom ... — 10 I
Booth M Co.. 10 —I MacNamara ..35 38 !
Colehan ..... — 05|Mont Ton...l 95 1 97% I
Columbia ....25 — N Y-Ton . — 04!
Dlamondfleld. 44 —Paymaster ... 03 01 j
Esperanza ... 01 — Pine Grove ... 11 — 4
Eula Con .... 0* ,— Qulncy 11, _
Gold Anchor. 20 — Ray Exten ... C8 '
Goldfleld B Bl 00 — Ray & O'Brien 06 —I
Goldfield B&B — 16 Ray. Ton .....— 14 |
Goldfld Dmnd. 11 — I Red Top..... 15 16 1
Goldfleld Min 68 691 Rescue ....... H 12
Goldfleld Mhk -17 20! Sandstorm ... 15 29
Goldfleld S Pk — . 181 Ton Belmont.: *: 63 • 65
Goldfield Ton. 11 — 1 Ton Exten :.l 70
Gold Mt Con. — 02|Ton &GtW. 02 04
:Han-M=M&S. - — 10 Ton^Gold Mt.\ 16 r 18
'•Han'CMut CoilOJ- — Ton Midway.. 45. 4T
Hazel Kirk '-".: — . > 12|Ton'Nev*8 12% 8 37%
.JlnvBptlerV. 45 60JTon N. Star..; IS —
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Prom Page Fifteen.
RECEIVER APPOINTED.— Judge Seawell,
on application of tha State of California, yess
terday acDOlnted Samuel II. Daniels as re
ceiver of the Pacific Funding: and Securities
Company, a get- rich-quick concern which the
Attorney General Is seeking to put out of
business. -
"I authorize the Morning Telegraph
to announce that on behalf of Jabez
White I accept Young Corbett's chal
lenge for a battle before the club of
fering the best purse and for a side
bet of 510,000. If the fight is to be
held in England it must come off in
February, or later. If Young Corbett
will consent to fight in this country
White will be ready to fight within
five weeks of the day he lands."
NEW YORK. Oct. 13. — Jabez
White, the British lightweight cham
pion, called Young Corbetfs challenge
to fight for $10,000 a side, or more, to
night, through Charlie Mitchell, his
representative in America. Mitchell
said:
Has Backing for $10,000 That He Can
Defeat the Ex-Champion Feath
erweight.
JABEZ WHITE CHALLENGES
YOUNG CORBETT TO FIGHT
. •-• Mrs. : M. „ Whtrlow ;. (owner) with Charles , W.
Gompertz -? (contractor). ";j- — - architect—Addi
tions ,. and;, repairs to .building' on W Une of
Powell street.: 20 S of iClay;' $2635.
Dominican - College (owners) ' with ' C. Chla
holm - & Son (contractors), i architect Albert
PIfsIs — Carpenter, work, hardware and glazing
for bulldinc on SE corner of Pierce and Pine
streets. SI 30, E 100. N 20, E*75,,N,110, W
175:. $20,085.
.Same owners- with, J. P.* Doherty' (con
tractor), , same i architect — Bewerlne.^ plumbing
fixtures. KaB-fltting./ marble work and tilinjr for
same;- $7«.»0. ¦- • - r «¦.-¦¦ •¦•¦•-"-. . ...
Lydta J.'anrl Mary A. Burdick (owners) with
Pioneer Fealty.. Company (contractors),
architect — AH work » for ; a two-story frame
bulidlng ; on W line, of -Eleventh avenue. 50 N"
of I street. N 25 by W 05; $3300.
W. B. Bourn (owner) with Hansbrouirh &
Johnston • 'contractors), architects Meyer : &
O'Brien — All work for a two- story frame stable
on N Une of Filbert street, : 100 E of Franklin.
E ¦: 33:4 by N 137:6; $0000. -
Giovanni Delia Masrgiora and Abramo Dei
Carlo (owners) with Luigl Cuneo (contractor),
architect J. A. Porporato— All work for a two
story and basement frame building on N line
of Clement street. -1»2:3W of Van Ness ave
nue, W 27:6 by N 137:6; $3600. .
Jacob Heyman Company to Emil and Emma
Nuber, lot on NE corner of Girard and Bur
rows street. NW 08 by NE 40, block 3, Uni
versity Mound; $10. ; v
Same to Annie Kellner, lot on NE line of Gi
rard street, 10S N W of Burrows. NW 60 by
NE 120. block 3, same: $10.
Carvill Manufacturing Company to Katherine
Carvill, lot on SW corner of Montezuma and
Shotwell streets. W 100 by S 70, lots 81, 83,
85 and 87, gift map 3; $10.
Katherine and A. D. Carvill to E. J. Mize,
same; $10.
Abe and Charlie Rosenstein to S. Ducas
Company, lot on SW corner of - Twenty- first
street. 75 NW of J. NW 75 by 8W 100. block
423, South San Francisco Homestead; $10.
Mary Hagg to ClaraJ. Kent, lot on NW cor
ner of Falcon and Romaln streets, SW 52:3
SW 105:2. SW ;¦ 120:ll;. NW 88:5. NE 228:11, SE
120, SE 40:3, lot 0,' block 17, Market-street
Homestead; $10. ; -
";.,•; Builders' Contracts. :
Richard Lynch to John C. Buckmaster and
Mlchell Treweek, lot on S line of Richland
street. 175 W of South, W 25 by S 100, lot 15,
block 5, Holly Park; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Joanna J. Ma
honey, lot on N line of I street, 82:6 E of
Seventeenth, E 25 by N 100; $10.
David and Sellna Lewis to Lydia J. and
Mary A. Burdick. lot on W line of Eleventh
avenue, 50 N of 1 street. N 25 by W 05; $10.
Jean B. and Marie Bernon to Mathiaa Mi
bach, rerecord 1070 D. 276, lots 11 and 12,
block R, Park Lane Tract No. 5; $10.
Henry G. and Estelle Meyer to J. W. Wright
& Son* Investment Company, lot on W line
of Twenty-seventh avenue, 25 S of C street, S
25 by W 120; $10.
Albert R. Baum to Albert Meyer deed and
assignment 40, covering lot 145. on SE line of
Natoma street. 135 SW of Third. SW 40 by
fR also lot on NW Une ot Market street.
160 SW of City Hall avenue, SW 25 by NW
100; also lot on SE line of Park avenue. 150
SW of City Hall. SW 25 by SE 100; alsb lot
on SW line of Twelfth avenue. 125 SE of Q
?f.A ee^ SE ,i 70 - SW 2O0 ' NW '7B. NE 100. NW
1C0. NE 100, block 251, O'Neil & Haley Tract;
also lot on SW line of Fifteenth avenue, 225
NW of K street, NW 75 by S.W 100, block 300.
houth San Francisco Homestead; also lot on
N corner of Fourteenth avenue and L street.
NE 200 by NW 150. block 267. same; also lot
on SE line of Tara street. 40 NE of Mount
Vernon. NE 80 by SE 103:6, lots 3S and 39.
San Miguel Homestead; also lot on SW corner"
of Russia and Prague streets, S 300 by W 100,
lots 6 and 7, block 92. Excelsior Homestead:
also lot on S line of Vallejo street and NE of
Montgomery avenue, E to Dupont street. S to
Montgomery avenue. NW to beginning; also lot
on W line of Powell street, 60:3 N of Union,
N 34:3 by W 137.6; also lot on W line of Four
teenth avenue, 100 N of Fulton, N 125 by W
127:6; also lot in Laurel Hill Cemetery and
other property out of county; $10.
Mrs. James Bell Sykes and James Bell
Sykes to Marco L. and Annie Mitrovich. lot on
SE corner of Seventeenth and Point Lobos
avenues, S 100 by E 25; $10. -
Marco L. and Annie Mitrovich to Mabel A.
Sykes, same; $lo.
fH.i?NE ea^ s f JTo!- SE 05> sw °°' t. 23:6> N
Eliza J. Ware to Edwin J. Fraser block 2
bounded by Hyde, Leavenworth, Beach and
Jefferson streets; also block 3. bounded by
Leavenworth. Jones, Beach and Jefferson
streets; also block 5. bounded by Taylor, Ma
son. Beach and Jefferson streets; also block
1J. bounded by Jones, Leavenworth, Bay and
North Point streets; also 50-vara lot 750
quitclaim deed; $10.
The passenger department of the
Southern Pacific Company Is institut
ing a search for James McCabe. as
sistant to H. R. Judah, assistant gen
eral passenger agent. McCabe's
mysterious disappearance has caused
considerable anxiety among his rela
tives and the officials of the railroad
corporation.
McCabe, who is a man of regular
habits and .who is highly regarded by
his employes and office associates, has
been ill for some time as a result of
overwork. Of late he had been com
plaining of a failing memory, and
several times he had been found
asleep at his desk. He finally yielded
to the advice of his superiors to take
a rest, and on October 8 he quit work
and went to his hdme at 1945 Ban
croft way, Berkeley.
On Monday last he felt much better
and announced his intention of com
ing over to this side of the bay, add
ing that he might visit the Southern
Pacific Company's offices. /That is the
last his family has^seen of him. His
mother fears he has met with some
accident or foul play, and yesterday
she sent one of her sons over to this
city to notify the railroad officials of
McCabe's disappearance. The missing
man is 44 years old, a widower, and
lived with his daughter, mother and
brother. He is well known in local
railroad circles and was formerly em
ployed in the auditing department of
the Southern Pacific Company.
James McCabe, a Well-Known Em
ploye of the. Southern Pacific Com
pany, MLsslnjj Since Monday.
Frederick Averill, alias Clark, who
shot Lulu Lockwood on Wednesday in
a lodging-house at 223 Mason street
and then fired a bullet into his own
body, died last evening at the Emer
gency Hospital, from which his body
was removed to the morgue.
Averill's victim died a few hours
later in the Mandsley Sanitarium, to
which she was removed by her hus
band shortly after the shooting. The
morgue officials decided not to remove
her remains from the sanitarium.
Low Life Succumb to Their
Injuries.
Principals of Wednesday's Tragedy In
PASSENGER DEPARTMENT
CLERK HAS DISAPPEARED
31URDERER AVERILL AND
HIS VICTIM ARE DEAD
Bishop M. C. Harris of the Metho
dist" Episcopal .Church was to have
sailed for Tokio yesterday, but acting
on the advice of the missionary sec
retary in New York and social work
ersin Japan, both missionary and na
tive, he has decided to postpone his
departure in order to attend the meet
ings of the missionary, tract, church
extension and other important com
mittees of the church. The Bishop
will therefore sail December 3 by the
Korea.
Bishop Postpones Sailing.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.— By order
of the War Department Principal Mu
sician Oscar Verweire, band, Fifteenth
Infantry, Presidio, Monterey, Cal., is
transferred to the band of the Twen
ty-eighth Infantry as private. He
will be sent to the station of that or
ganization, Presidio of San Francisco.
Lieutenant Colonel Abiel L. Smith,
deputy commissary general, is relieved
from duty in the office of the commis
sary general, and will proceed to San
Francisco in time to sail on the trans
port on or about November 1, for Ma
nila, where he will report for duty.
Captain E. S. Laussig, United States
navy, is detached from the command
of the Independence at the navy yard,
Mare Island, and ordered to the com
mand of the Massachusetts. '
Army and Navy- Orders.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Oct. 13.— The
Triennial National Conference of the
Congregational Church was opened to
day with practically all of the 600 dele
gates in attendance. After an interest
ing contest between clergymen and lay
men Rev. Washington Gladden of Co
lumbus, Ohio, was elected moderator
for the next triennium.
Just J. H. Perry of Connecticut was
made first assistant moderator and the
Rev. W. H. Proctor of Atlanta, Ga.
(colored), second assistant moderator.
of the Church.
Six Hundred Delegates Assemble at
Des Moines to Discuss the Affairs
COXGREGATIOXAIilSTS HOIJ>
TRIENNIAL CONFERENCE
The latter, however, learned of the
plan to take him off the vessel and
succeeded in eluding the officers by
stowing himself away until the China
had proceeded on her course.
Arriving here yesterday and appar
ently fearing that he might be sub
jected to further notoriety, Pearson
secured the services of a tug, which
conveyed himself and wife ashore in
advance of the other passengers. On
reaching the wharf the couple were
driven immediately to the St. Francis
Hotel, where they^ locked themselves
in their rooms and sent word to the
office that they would not receive
any one. During the evening in re
sponse to a call from newspaper rep
resentatives Mrs. Pearson said her
husband had retired for the night and
would not see any callers.
Henry H. Pearson, formerly of thi3
city, but later a resident of Salt Lake,
where he figured as the principal in
a sensational murder trial in 18S7,
was among- the passengers who arrived
from the Orient yesterday on the
steamship China. Pearson was accom
panied by\his wife, and their presence
on the steamer would probably have
not attracted more than ordinary in
terest but for an exciting incident at
Honolulu, which revealed to his fellow
passengers the story of his trial in Salt
Lake, and for the balance of the voy
age made himself and wife the sub
jects of much gossip aboard the vessel.
In 1886 Pearson, then a young man,
was arrested by the Utah authorities
and charged with the murder of a
woman. His father, one ot the best
known hotel men in this country, se
cured the services of Attorney Henry
Highton of this city to defend his son,
who was finally acquitted.
Highton, it is alleged, charged a fee
of $15,000 for his services, but succeeded
in getting only $1000 of that sum from
the Pearsons. Later young Pearson
went to the Orient to live and some
months* ago Henry Highton changed
his residence to Honolulu, where he re
cently learned of Pearson's contem
plated return to the United States.
When the China arrived at Honolulu
Highton was on hand with two Terri
torial officers with authority to arrest
Pearson.
REAJJ ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 13.
Louisa Gump to Solomon Gump, lot on N
line of Geary street, 110 E of Gough E 27:6
by N 137:6; $10.
Solomon and Sarah Pelser to Louis G. Triebel
Jr., lot on N line of Haight street. 131:3 W
of Masonic avenue. W 25 by N 137:6;. $10.
Baird estate to George W. Kline, lot on
SW corner of Haight and Ashbury streets, W
412:6 by S 275: $10.
George W. and Ella Kline to William ' J.
McKillop, lot on E line of Clayton street 60
S of Haight. S 175. E 90. N 60, E 28:9, N 75.
W 2S:9. N 40, -W 80; $10.
Daniel and Margaret Frohman to John Zelle
lot on SE corner of Jackson and Laurel streets
E 60 by.S 127:8%: $10.
Henry Pleasant to Annie E. Donnelly, John
T. and Margaret Kane, lot . on W line of
Norfolk street. 231 SE of Folsom, SE 54 SW
78:2, NW 93 degrees 39 minutes, — 54:1*4,
NE 86 degrees 21 minutes. — 81:7^, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Michael Collins to John W. Richards lot
on S line of Fourteenth street, 175 E of'Fol
som. E 75 by S 100; $10. . -•
John W. and Sallle H. Richards to Gustavo
Frederick and David Woerner,- lot on S line
of Fourteenth street. 175 E of Folsom E 75
by S 100; $10. .
Maggie T. "Zlegler and Mary A. Fuller to
O. H. Lippert and Bertha Hahn lot on W
line of Mission street, 65 N of Twenty-fifth
N 61:6 by W 117:6. and lands adjacent; $10.
Hans and Anna Jensen to Mary A. McComb
lot jnN line of Twenty- eighth street, 22S-8
Wof Church, W 25:8 by N 114; $10.
Louise -D. - and -¦ Robert -Browell : to' Joseph'
Deuwel. undivided half of lot on N line of
Pacific street, 149:10 B of Dupont,. E 20-ZU
by N 137:6; $10. \ o%
Francis J. Stanton:et al. to Stan ton. Estate
Company. • lot on SW corner of > Post and
Kearny streets. W 50:5 by S 62:0; also, lot on
NW corner of Fifteenth and Mission streets
W 192 by N 120; $10. ' - ;_. -=, - " "H?-* 8 -
.-- Pietro Delucchl to Giovanni Delucchl Tot on
N line of, Francisco, street, 68:9'E,of- Mason
E 22:11 by, N CO; slft.T \ :,;..-,
¦•„ Caterina and Maro Fopplano to G.'.T.'Knopf
lot on SW. line of Montgomery avenue," 28:9 hi
Attorney Highton Attempts
to Make Client Pay for
Defense in Murder Trial
LAWYER SEEKS HIS FEE
Henry H. Pearson Spoils a
Plan to Take Him Off Ves
sel in Honolulu's Harbor
EL PASO, Oct. 13. — The flood wa
ters In the Rio Grande are hourly
getting higher and at Mesilla Park,
N. M., forty miles from here, it is the
highest in twenty years and is two
miles wide on the public road above
there. Several homes have been de
stroyed along the river banks. Berlno,
fifteen miles up the river, reports the
situation improved below there, but
when the present head of water
reaches there it is thought that condi
tions will be worse than ever. The
high water has washed out the head
of the irrigation ditch there and much
other damage . has been done j to
ditches and irrigated fields.
The Santa Fe got a train through
Mesilla to-day from El Paso and the
people there received the first mail in
several days.
The Rio Grande carried away the
big wagon bridge over the river at
Earlham this morning.
DENVER, Colo., Oct. 13.— A Republi
can special from Springer, N. M., says
that during the recent flood in that"
section, details of which have just been
secured, the Cinnamon River rose to
the highest point in history. Several
towns, including Chihuahua, south of
Springer, were wiped out. Three
deaths are reported, Mrs. Cecilio San
doval, twelve-year-old daughter and an
infant daughter of William Johnson
were drowned.
Waters Reach Highest Mark in Twen
ty Years and Arc^ Causing
v Great Damage.
Carriage Blacksmiths' Union No. 99
installed the following officers last
night: President, C. H. Siskron; vice
president, D. T. Norbert; recording sec
retary, W. Sharp; finance secretary, J.
Schaumloppel; guard, William Egling;
sentinel, Charles Helms; organizer, C.
H. Siskron; trustees, H. C. Brown, J.
Chavelo, T. Erahn; executive commit
tee, E. McDonald, P. J. Sullivan, D. T.
Norbert; delegates to Labor Council,
C. H. Siskron and P. T. Sullivan.
The special committee appointed by
the Cigarmakers* Union to prosecute
the cause of the union against Police
Commissioner Drlnkhouse reported
back to the agitating committee that
unless Mayor Schmltz sent for the
members of the committee it would
urge him to continue the investigation
on the lines originally laid down by
the committee.
With the object of preventing the
stock from being gobbled up by any
one man the sale of shares is limited
to one to each individual.
Already several unions have voted
to contribute $10, which is the price
of a single share. Last night the
Lithographers' and Hackmen's unions
subscribed for one share each.
Rather than provoke a conflict in
which there would likely be a walk
out or a strike, the Poultry and Game
Dealers Union at its last meeting
agreed to hold a conference with the
Poultry Dealers' Association for the
regulating of working hours, making
a day's labor consist of nine hours on
all days of the week.
The result of this conference was the
posting of the "blue card," announcing
that all poultry markets would in the
future be conducted on the "open
shop" principle.
J. W. Bell will have the honor of
representing the Electrical Workers'
Union as its delegate at the American
Federation of Labor.
President George of the Citizens'
Alliance says the association is not in
any manner responsible for the action
of the firm of Goldberg-, Bowen & Co.
in reducing the wages of its stable
men. He says:
Goldberg: & Bowen are not members of the
carriage and Stable Owners' Association and
were taking care of their own horses. When
the demand was made for the $2 50 per day
tffVif .£ e & J m paid !t rathe r than have trouble
with the Stablemen's Union and to save the
expense and disturbance of engaging in the
fight between the union and the owners. When
the owners won their open shop flgrht Goldberg
™ *££ r *? u , ced tne wa se of their own ac-
J ?'=? v. e citizens' Alliance and the Carriage
and Stable Owners' Association had nothing to
do with it. The only Interest the Alliance has
taken »n the affairs of this firm is the assist
ance Riven by our legal department in secur
ing the injunction against the Stablemen's
Lnion restraining them from boycotting and
picketing the firm's places of business
The Co-operative Meat Company,
which is about to be started in this
city by the union butchers, gives in its
prospectus the following:
The meat used by the Co-operative Meat
Company is slaughtered in abattoirs on the
big stock ranchps in the South and is shipped
here in cold storage cars. The stock is not
driven a long distance and crowded into cars
and hauled hundreds of miles without food or
water. Stock handled in this manner are filled
with fear and fever and are often bruised so
as to make them unfit for food. Our meats
are tender, juicy and wholesome. Our pork is
grain fed. perfectly delicious and is not han
dled by Chinese.
Plans for Killing; Cattle on Ranches
and Shipping Them to Market
in Cold Storage.
STOWS HIMSELF
AWAY ON CHINA
MEAT COMPANY ISSUES
ELABORATE PROSPECTUS
BANKS OP THE RIO GRAXDE
UNABLE TO CHECK FLOOD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 190*.
14
RAIL.WAY TRAVEL.
W CALIFORNIA g
gLFMITED TO CHICAGO H
M LEAVES MONDAYS tod THURSDAYS i
fsfat f):3O a. m.. througrhia a daj«,|g
fe* vrith. diner and all trapplairs. |H
Other Santa To Trains 1
5?3O it ml I Xor Stockton. Fresno. Bakersflald.
8:00 p. ra.J Merced. Hanford and VUalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago. •
TICKET OFXICES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South. First St,
San Jose. .
P^JIS® R0SS VALLEy >
l^^^g MILL VALLEY,
1 Via SausaUto Terry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at t7-fls
,.«£25. »:10. »:«>. "=<» a. m.; 1:45. a^ 1
l : ltl 5:15. 5:50. «:30. 7:15. 9:00 and^u^
'"x^lve at San Francisco, dally, at t«-j->
T-88 .6*15. b:W>. 9:S5. 10:SO a. «.; i :3 o 2^
4-25'. 6:0i 5:42. 8:22. 6:57. 7:*> and' tlff^
P "tSlly except Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:« a. in.; alao Sat-
urdaye at 3:15 p. m .and dally except Sat^.
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. tv '
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:4o a. m. daily— Cozadero and way statloiu
. 3 -.15 p. m.. Saturdays only— For Caxaderol
•tc *
8:15 p. in., dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for ; Tomales. etc '
TICKET OFFICE— «50 Market »t
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market it.
y^ r *^p*gv Train* le«Te and are ctns
f^L^^' t lS^\ SAN FRANCISCO.,
l^\ jfcgr— /»"/ Fbom Octob«k 3, 1001
\>@£/ f«mt Dim
\£J«£^ (Toot of Maricet Street >
I.TATTT - MAIN UNE. - ».»ITS-
700a V'KcaTllle. Winters, Kumsey 7~53»
7.00a Benlcta. Elmira and Snermmenco.. 7 2QP>
7-30A Vallejo. Napa. Calistog*. Saata
Uosa. Martinez. San Ramon 6 ?0*
, 7 30* Sties, Tracy. Lathrop, Stoctroa.... 7.20*
8 GCiA Sbnuu KxpreM— (Via Darts).
WHitamt. Willow*. tFruto. Ued
Blntt Portland, Tacotna, Seattle 7-50p>
8 00a Davis. Woodland. Knizbts Lauding.
Marysrtlle. Orovllle 7-53*
8.30a Port Costa. Martinez. Anttocb.
Byroo. Tracr. Stockton, Sew-
man. Los Banoa. Meadota.
Annonn, Ilanford. Visa 11*.
... PorterTlllo 4.20*
830a rnrt Cotta. Modesto, Moreed.
Fremo. Goshen Junction, Han-
ford. Vlsalia. RakersHeld 4 53"
830a Nlles, San Jose. Ltrennore. Stoelc-
ton.(t.Mllton). lone. 8acr»mento.
• ¦» MarysTllte. Cblco. lied Blnff .... 420p
8-oOa Oakdale. Cblnese. Jamestown. So-
nora, Tuolumne and Angels 4.20»
8 COA. Atlantic Express— Ogdcn and East. B-20»
8 -30a Richmond, Martinez and Wsy
8utlons 850*
lOOOATbe Orerlnnd Limited — Ojrden.
Omaha. Chicago. Denver, Kansas
10.00A vaiK" 1 .?:?::::::.::::::::::::: .US;
1000a Los An?«les Passenger— Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Latnrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion, Haaford, Lemoore, Vlsalls.
Bakertfleld. Los Angeles 7.20»
12.C0m HAyward, Nlles and War Stations. 3.20*
ti OOP Sacramento Rlrer Steamers. tii.OQ*
S-30P Benlcta, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. KnUkts Leading.
Marysvllle. Orotlll* and way
_.. stations , 10-50*
S.SCp Hayward.Klles and Way Stations.. 7 50»
4 OCp Uartlnez.San Rxmon.ValleJo.Kapa,
;- Ctllstoga, Santa Rosa .229*
4 CCp Nlies. Tracy. Stockton. LodI ™-20*
430P Qsyward. Nlles, Irrlnston, San I 18.504
r.» Jose. LtTermore ? 111.50*
6 OCp The Owl Limited— Xewman. Los
Banos, Menduia. Fresno. Tulara,
,-"_" BakersQeld.Los Angeles 8-50A
'5 32 P Hay ward. Mies and Saji Jose 7.20*
8-OOp Hayward. Nlles and Sao Jose. 3. SO*
6-OCp Eastern Express— Omaha, Chicago,
Denver. Kansas City, St. Loult,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento.
Col fas. Reno, Sparks, Tonopab,
... Keeier, Oeden 12.50*>
8.00p Vallejo. dally, except Sunday... . » 7 - n _
7 JJOp Vallejo. Sunday only f 7 -»« p
7-OOp Richmond. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Martlnes and Way Stations 11.20a
8.05p Fort Costa, Martlnes. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop, Modesto,
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20!>
I-05p Yoaemlte Valley, via Berenda and
Wawona (Monday, Wednesday
and Friday) 8.50%
806p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 1020*
e-O&P Oregon * California Express— Sao*
ramento, MarysTille, Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8.50*
6.1 Op Hayward, NITes and San Jose (Soa-
cayonly) 11-60*,
COAST LINE (.larrcm tiaas*).
£ (Foot of Market Street.)
8.15a Newark. CenterTlile. San Josa,
Felton, Bonlder Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5 65»
12-15P Newark. Centervllle. Saa Joaa,
New Almaden. Los Oato*. Folton.
Bonlder Creek, Santa Cru* and
Principal Way, Stations t10.S5*
4.15P Newark. Ssn Jose, Los Oatot...] *}§;!!£
«9.30p Hnnters 1 Train fSatarday only)—
San Jose and Way Stations t7.2S»
COAST LINE (Hroad baage).
tar- ( Third and Ti.wnienJ Streets.)
8.10a San Jose and Way Stations. 6-30a>
7.00a San Jose and Way SUtlons 5.40P
800a New Almaden (Tues.. Frtd.. only). 4.1 0*
800a The Coaster— San Jose, 8allnas,
San Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa
Margarita, San Lats Oblspa,
Uaadalupe, Gavtota, Santa Bar*
bara, San Buenaventura. Mon-
talvo. Oxnard, Bar bank. Los
Angeles 10-30>»
8.00a Gllroy. HolHster. Cast7OT!lle. Del
{ Monte, PaclSc Grove, Sarf, Lom-
... a 1 ** 5 10J0«»
8.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos.Watsonville.
Capltola. Santa Cruz. PaclQo
Grove. Sal'naj. Saa Luis Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10s»
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20t»
11 -30a San Jose and Way stations 7.30p
2.15pH*d Jose and Wav Stations 8.3&A
3.00 P Del Monte Express— Saata Clara,
San Jose, Watsonvllle, Santa
Crnz. Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove .%.... 12 15s>
1300p Los Gato». Wright, Boulder Creek,
i SanU Crnz. via SanU Clara and
I Narrow Gauge +10. 4S*
! I-30P Valencia St-. South San Francisco "*"*"•
Burl'ngame. San Jose. CUror.
HolHster. Tri^s Plnoa iq 45,
4-30p'an Jose and Way Stations +a no*
tS-CCP Santa Clara. San Jose. Los Gatos, ™ UM "
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) t3 00*
|5-30p EanJuieandPrtnclpnlAVayStatlons (9 40*
6 45p Sunset Express.— Redwood. Saa
Jose, Gllroy.Sallnas.l'aso Robles,
tan Luis Ubispo, hunts Barbara,
! Los Angeles. Iieinlng. El Paso.
¦ -V- w StLo '- is - New Orleans, XewTortt 910*
6.45P Pajaro, Watwmvllle. Capltola. lu *
Santa Crnz. Castrovlllo. Del
1 Monte. Pact tie Grove 10-30*
16-15P SaBMateo,Beresford,Belmont,Saa
Carlua. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS 49*
6 30p San Jose and Way SUtlons. A 38*
800p Palo Alto and Way Stations.... lo'lS*
1 11 .30p South Siu»Tmnclsco, Mllibrae. Bur-
llngain*. San Mateo, Beimont,
; Eon Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
! Menlo 4»«rk. and Palo AUo mic.
«1130p May field. Mountain View. Snuny. **"* aF
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
. S*nJose tt.^
A for Morning P f or Afternoon!
1 Ennday excepted. t Sunday ooir
«. Saturday only. & Monday onlj.
J&iops at all stations oa Snada;.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Perry — Toot of Mark** Straet,
SAir FBAKCXSCO TO SAK SATAZL.
WEEK DATS — 1:S». »:0O. H:0O a. m.; 12:33,
3:30. 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trta
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. o.; 1:30. 3.3U,
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAZT RAPAEi TO 8AST 7KAXCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS — 8:05. 7:33. 7:60, »:2Ul 11:14
a. tn.; 12:90. 3:40. 5:00, 3:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra tiix> at 2:03 and 6:3* 9. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m,; 1:40, 3:WL
4:05. 5:05. 8:25 p. m.
Leave I la XSeet I Arrlv»
San Francisco. IQct. 2. 19O4.| Ban Frandaoa.
¦Week I Sun- 1 I Sun- I W««k
Days. I day*. | Destination. | days. ) Day*.
7:30axn 8:00am 9:10am 8:4Oana
9:30am Ig&acio 10:40am 10:20aaa
8:30pm 3:30pm 6:05pm 8:2Opns
5:10pm 5:00pm . 7:35pm
T:30am 9:10am 8:4Oaai
8:00am Novato 10:40am 10:20aoa
8:30pm 9:30am Petaluma 8:08pm 6:2Opna
5:10pm 3:30pm and 7:35pm
5:00pm Santa Rosa ~ 1*+:
T :30am 10:40am 10:20ana
8:00am Fulton 7:35pm 6:20pm
8 :30pm 3 :30pm .
Windsor I
7:3Oarn 8:00am Healdsburc 10:40am 10:30am
Lytton
8 :30pm 3 :30pm Geyservllle 7:35pm «:2Opnt
Cloverdale-
7:S0am| 8 :00am I Uopland )10:40am|10:20an»
8 :30pm I 3 :30pm | and Uklah | 7;33pm| »*20pni
1 j I TVUlltt and 1 I
7:S0aml 8:00am| Sherwood | 7 :33pm | «:30pnsr
7:3Oam| 8:00am| |10:40amllO:20ana
3 :30pm I 3:30pm| Guerne-vllle | 7 :35pm [ 8:20pn»
7:30am| 8:00am| Sonoma I 0:10am| 8:40am
6:10pra| fi:00pm[ Glen Ellen | 8:05pm| 6:20pm
7:30aml 8:00am| ~ |10:40am!10:20aa»
3:30pm! 3:3Opm[ Sebastopol | 7:35pm| 8:20pm
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Bprinss and Mark West Springs; at Lytton fop
Lytton Springs; at Oeyaervtlle for Skagzt
Eprlngs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon*-'
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe. Carls-
bad Springs Soda Bay. Lalteport. Bartlett
Bprlnga and Lake Oo. Hot Springs; »t Cklah.
for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs. Biu.
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring*. u£
&V Pomo - Po "«' > Valley. John Day*.
Riverside Uerly'a. BuckneU's. Sanhedrla
Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot Spring. Halfway
' H °2 S % Com P**». Hopkins. Mendoclno City.
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal: at W!tllt»
££,£i ear *rv,\ n t d S*^™: »« Sherwood for Fort
i Bragg. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cum-
J 010 / 3 '^* 11 •Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit-
Und. Dyer. GarbervUle, Camp 5. Pevperwood.
Scotia and Eureka.
«uced Ur ra a te3 tO MondaT «*w**-trip tlckst* at *•-
w^^ U c <la3r S"? OTlnd - tr1l) "ckets to all point*
beyond San Kafael at half rates.
buTldin'j ° fflCe ' ttC> Market «tw«t. Chronic!*
JAS. L FRAZ1ER. R. x RTAI*.
Pen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
J^IiTamalpais Railway
Lv. Saa Friacaco_ xr. Saa tn&dsf"
?±*32 _Su a _d»7 L i^^^. aandsjrrVkTDayr
.......... 11:00* VS^SJ/ 4:-jr,P -
*?i» Gravity far ?f to MiU Ttj«y •
«KCM } ST^(North Shore KailroadJ
"KCB t and Sausajjto t> crky, Foot Market St. ,
ISlflliBilfiaF
HEAL ESTATE — COTTHTBY — ror Sale.
DAIRY ranch for sale; cheap; 20 acres In al-
falfa on Irrigation ditch; good improvemente;
10 head of milk cows. 4J tons of hay. chick-
ens, farm machinery. el C- ; 1 mile from
cr^amrry; a snap If tak<:n toon. J. u.
UENTZ. Lathror. Cal.
SALE or exchange for city property: sacrifice;
1!C acres. Napa Co.; 00 acre* in cultivation:
fruit, vines and grain: fully equipped and
pavinic: beautiful place: gentleman's home.
SUADBl'RNE. 4O0 Montgomery St.
GOVERNMENT timber land available for lo-
cation: S3000 value In li section. Have you
1 right? L. D. MATTHEWS. SS5 Filbert
st. Oakland, Cal.
SWXXt WIU., secure a large tract of land that
If worth four times the amount asked; must
be *o!<i before November 1; a chance to make
a fortune; positively no risk. Box 2702, Call.
ATTENTION. HOMKSEEKERS!
Fend postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains tn California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
US Market st
FOREST reserve land scrip bought and sold:
write for prices. H. M. HAMILTON. 912
Grand St.. Alameda. Cal.
A WEEKS news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 page«. In wrapper, for mailing. <1 per year.
REAIiESTATETOEXCHAKQE^^
FOR EXCHANGE.
In Berkeley; within waiking distance of th>»
university; a modern S-room house. with
•table, garden, etc. : thoroughly up to date;
value $S000: mortgage $3»00: will exchange
equity for something clear; no agents. Answer
box 192, Berkeley postofflce.
BOOKS FOB nOUSEKEErilTO.
BRYANT, 421 — Two or 3 sunny rooms; nicely
furnished; for housekeeping.
ELGI>" park. 34 — Double parlors; regular
kitchen; sunny; modern; adults.
FOURTEENTH. 706—3 sunny, furnished con-
necting housekeeping rooms; very desirable.
GEARY. 4£2— Nicely furnished rooms; light
huusekeepine-
GEAKT, 1223 — Fine rooms cheap: baths;
sunny and modern; also complete 3-room cot-
tage adjoining; rent only $21; fine location.
CEARY. 1225 — Completely furnished room for
housekeeping; sunny bay window; bath; ma-
rine view; also 3-room eottaxe; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATd ave.. C70 — Nicely furnished
front alcove connecting kitchen, complete for
housekeeping; eas and bath; re&sonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. G31— Nice sunny single
room for hcusekecpin*.
HALF of new elegantly furnished flat; sepa-
rate batnroora; every convenience; overlook-
ins; Panhandle: suitable for married couple.
Box 2C55. Call office.
HOWARD. 73714. Manila. — Nice furnished rooms
for housekeeping; central and" reasonable.
JESSIE. 323 — Large sunny front parlor, fur-
nlshed housekeeping; sink, gas; $3 75 week.
KEARNY. 104 — Sunny front suite, $11; unfur-
nished; adults: references.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loo.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
MASON. f>05 — Furnished housekeeping rooms
and fcinxle rooms.
MATBELLE, 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness— Sunny
furn. A unturn. 2 and 3 room suites; single.
MINNA. 281. corner Fourth — Furnished sunny
housekeeping; also front and single; cheap.
MINNA. .128—2 housekeeping rooms; use oi
l>arlor: reasonable; and others.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
<12; ras range; hot bath; adults.
POST. 051 — Larre sunny room to let: newly
furnished; light housekeeping.
SCOTT. SOP. NE. cor Page— Newly furnished.
TEHAMA. 430, near Sixth — Three furnished
housekeeping rooms for rent.
VAN NESS ave.. 232— Nicely furnished 2 and 3
room suites; gas range; $16 to J2O; adults.
WEBSTER. 1229—3 or 4 nicely furnished
rooms; complete for housekeeping; phone and
bath.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan &. Church sta.
APABTHEITT HOUSES.
6T. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson— Marine view; 3-4-i
__roomt: furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
JtO^SCB^ir^tET— Pnrn^and TTnfum.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth~Et^Rooms
2.V- to Jl per nlgrht, <1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping roome; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth Ft. >— Rooms, 25c. 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
Tl 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND Hous«, over Owl drug store 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
litrhtp; runnlns: water in every room- 200
room? ; 25c to SOc per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA. 1247— Lar e e well furnished
room for gentleman; reasonable; private.
DEVXBADEBO. 13lT^F^on77uraished room;
suitable for one or two gentlemen; gas; bath.
EDDY. Z— Fine gore corner furnished rooms"
by <jay. week or month. '
ELLIS. 782, the Floyd— Elegantly furnished
sunny rooms; suite or single.
FIFTH 415— A larse. newiy furnished ro^m.
suitable for 2; a new flat.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35^
to ;i 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wlc ; reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7— Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; also single rooms. |2 to $S week"
quiet, transient rooms, 50c to $1 per day. '
GRANT ave., 7— Nicely furnishe'd sunny front
Bulte; also single rooms, $2 to $8 week.
HAYES, 136, corner Van Ness ave Large
cunny rooms, suitable for gentlemen; $10. '
HOWARD, 715 — Large aunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and fl 25 to (5 week.
LARKIN, 1042— Single room; #7.
IaARKIN, 1503— Two sunny furnished rooms
In top flat.
MA B K ET\ 1049 (TThe Falmouth)— Sunny
rooms; hot, cold water, elevator.
METP.OPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St.— 400
tingle and family rooms 35c to ?1 60 per day
?2 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that ha* office en ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
tn every room and tfves free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MISSION. 2479— Sunny front room; regular
kitchen; back porch; washtubs; phone; warm
O'FARRELL. «23— Nicely furnished single
rooms: sunny; $5. J7. $8. p :
ROTAL HOUEE.126 Ellis— Incandescent lights-
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par- '
lor; rooms per night. 3mc to *1 50; week. $2 I
to *8; month. *8 to $30; elevator on ground :
floor; rooms wim hot and cold water; baths! !
ET. REGLS. Hyde and Ellis— New house- new
furnishings; fresh and clean; hot and' cold
water; baths; everything sanitary; elevator ;
centoe: If sunshine and cleanliness is an ob- I
ject aee these rooms; $3 per week up.
SCOTT. 251— Nice sunny suite for 1 or 2 gentle-
men in private family; no other roomers- ref
eirnces required; call evenings. '
"roo^fg^e 324 " 1 y*^ W « nf »"^
STOCKTON. 41 and 45— Nicely furnished sun-
ny front roomt; also single. $1 60 to *<$ week. '
EUTTER, 2502— Nicely furnished sunny room- !
reasonable. ' 1
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND'
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE '
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY- NKW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES BVT1 <? ;
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERvl !
ICE, HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY |
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR -
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK. j
THE L&rrhmcnt. 361 Butter— New brick bldg i
finely furnished; hot. cold water, steam heat' '
privilege to baths; $2 50 to »5 per week. j
UNITLD STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market-^400 '
rooms 35c to *1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
trie lights (no gas), running water in every
rcma; elevator, rtM-room; free bui; baggage. 1
WALLER. 661— Large furnished room: large
cloft: use of kitchen. Phone Page 1750. |
WASHINGTON. 928— A neatly furnished room; i
cheap.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market— I
MoK convenient and respectable; 700 rooms- i
."55c to $180 night; 12 to $S week; elevator; i
»lec. lights; reading-room ; free bus; baggage, i
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice i
furnished room* from 16c per night up. i
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception '
«f advertisements and subscriptions has been
JfE!^Aii:£*"'"? OPPO8Ue ""H
A X' E £ T1EI E ME - Vre - subscriptions received at
C*ll branch office, cor. Duncan and Church Eta.
BOOKS AH^SOABDj
ST. GEORGE. 1C1C and 161S Washington st. —
Just opened: r.andsom* rwwly furnished sun-
ny suites, prjvate bulbs: slanta rms; cvrry
modern convenience: goo<l tabl« board; reas.
ELEGANT, comfortable home offered cne gen-
tleman; bedroom, exclusive bathroom, parlor
also board, ?15 weekly in advance. Box '-Jl'tl,
I Call office. .
EXCELLENT board, $4 per week; with large
tsunny room. *5. '¦'•'-'¦> First st.
LAHOE. su.nny. nicely furnished rooms for
couples; rticellent board. 930 Valencia st.
EDDY. 1128, opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas. ; new manag.
HOWARD, R41A — First-claEs board and room,
single or double, $"<¦ .*C wit. ; American family.
JONES, 1310 — Furnished room; excellent board;
marine view.
O'FARRELL, 1200 — Nice neat furnished room,
board if desired; modern, nice, refined place.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
S07 California — See rms, learn prlce«,try table.
BOOKS AWDJEtOABD^WAWTEp.
TWO young men want room and board private
family in the Mission. Address, stating
terms, box 2954.. Call office.
SUNNY room and board by lady; $15 to $20;
Powell. Van Seas. Market, Pine. Box 2768.
Call office. '
Lj^55LJ?£ A J*559J? s *55i m
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
j PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage &~Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sta.: tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN*S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuse.
1 ¦ — ¦ —^^_____^_^____^_^____^ ,
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et.: phone Jackson 281.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
at.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEJWrarO^MA^HOTES^A^ro^STJPPtlXS.
DON'T think of buying a sewing machine until
you have ueen the White Grand, which is
two complete machines In one, making both
the lock and automatic stitch. On exhi-
bition at the White Company's new retail of-
fice. 015 Market St.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
i6 cheapest: second-hand all make9 at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3, $5. $S; slightly
used $10, $15, $20; you know where the doILu
swing In the window. 1051 Market Bt.
SOCXAIr.
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here; a chance to make merry; cozy dance
hall and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardeas. Ocean Beach terminal of electric
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211,
Muirhead building. Market and Larkin sts.
PK-STSICIANS AXfO STJEGEOWS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1C211» Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar* attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mas^n st.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
"WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor- — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Ingpec. Co.. 508 Market.
VIA VI.
[ A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
i home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
1 VI A VI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
• PROPOSALS.
1 PROPOSALS For Subsistence Supplies. — Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, Cal..
Oct. 5. l&Oi. — Sealed proposals for furnishing
and delivering of such quantities of subsist-
ence supplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
' office, will be received hero until 11 o'clock
a. m.. MONDAY, October 17, 1904, and
opened immediately thereafter, in presence
of bidders. Specifications, general instruc-
tions to bidders and blank forms of proposals
will be furnished to established dealers on
application to DOUGLAS SETTLE, Captain
; Corny.
i SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Sept. 1L 1904.—
; Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. October 17,
: 1904, and then opened, for the construction of
a brick hospital steward's quarters, at Fort
{ Mason, California. Including plumbing and
wiring. Government reserves the right to
1 reject or accept any or all bids In whole or
: In part. Information furnished on applica-
tion to WILLIAM S. PATTEN, Assistant
Quartermaster General, Chief Quartermaster.
j ASSESSMENT KOTICE3.
i NOTICE — Taxes due upon assessments made
i by the State Beard of Equalization. Con-
; troller's Department, State of California.
! Sacramento, October 11. 1904. In accord-
I ance with the provisions of section 3668 of
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
¦ that I have received frum the State Board
or Equalization the "Duplicate Record of As-
seEsments of Railways" and the "Duplicate
j Record of Apportionment of Railway Assess-
ments," containing the assessments upon the
i property of each of the following named
associations or corporations, as fixed by said
i State Board of Equalization for the year
; 1904, viz. :
1 Central Pacific Railway Company, South
i Pacific Coast Railway Company, Southern
i Pacific Railroad Company, Southern Cali-
fornia Motor Road Company, Carson and
i Colorado Railway Company, California
; Northwestern Railway Company (lessees of
I the San Francisco and North Pacific Rail-
! way). Southern California Railway Company
' the Atchlson. Topeka and SantsrFe Railway
j Company; North Shore Railroad Company,
Pacific Coast Railway Company, Pajaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad Company, Nevada
County Narrow Gauze Railroad Company,
Nevada-California-Oregon Railway Company,
Sierra Valleys Railway Company, Alameda
: and San Joaquin Railroad Company, Sierra
Railway Company of California. Gualala Mill
Company, Lake Tahoe Railway atid Trans-
portation Company. Boca and Loyalton Rail-
road Company; San Pedro, Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Company, and the Pull-
man Company.
The State and county taxes on all per-
sonal property and one-half of the State
and county taxes on all real property ar«
now due and payable, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday In November next, at
0 o'clock p. m., and unless paid to the State
Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto, 5
per cent will be added to the amount there-
of, and unless so paid on or before the las*
Monday in April next, at 0 o'clock p. m an
additional 5 per cent will be added to the
amount thereof. . • .
The remaining one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real property will be due
and payable at any time after the Jlrst
Monday in January next, and will be delin-
quent on the last Monday in April next, at
6 o'clock p. m., and unless paid to the
State Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto
5 per cent will b» added to the amount
thereof.
E. P. COLO AN. State Controller.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ne^s^andrMarketr
cures; fttab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
B1AKRIAGE UCESSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: •
Peter W. Kemme. 33. 263J) Folsom etreet,
and Clara Falkenhahn. 23. 3367 Eighteenth.
William A. F. Koch. 26. 1515 Stockton street,
and Anna C. Frlck, 19. 35 Willow avenue.
Cyprien Raraond, 27, 1527 Fifteenth avenue
South, and Pulcherie Dajean. 23. 1527 Fifteenth
avenue South.
Richard D. Jones, 21. 415 Bartlett street, and
Mae T. Carrlck. 18. city.
William C. Faull. 21. 2023 Broadway, and
Bertha WMpple. IS. Centervllle. ¦
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. :
Birth, marriage and death notices sent "t>y
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. - ,
BOKX. ~~~~
BUTLER— In this city. August 20. 1904, to
• the wife of 'J. J. Butler, a daughter.
PAULSON— In this city. : September 25. 1904,
to the .wife of >J. P.. Paulson, a daughter. •
STEVENSON— In this city. Seutember 26,
1904, s to the wife of E. J. • Stevenson, a- son.
ZELJNSKY— In this city; October 12, 1U04. > to
the -wife of A. A. 1 Zelinsky. a eon. .
MARRIED. ,.'-..'
FISHER— LAKDSBERG— In this city. Octo-
ber 12 1904. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal.
Harry F. Fifher and Kathryn W. Lands-
berp. boih cf this city.
GORDON'— GKTZ— In this city. October 0,
1«M by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Philip Gordon
and Sylvia Getz.
HAMPTON— BELLIS— In this city. October 8,
3!iO4. by the Rev. Edward K. Strong, pastor
of Trinity Presbyterian Church. David F.
Hampton of HoweU Mountain, St. Helena,
Xapa County, and Annie Bellls of San Fran-
cisco.
NEUFELD— BROWN— In this city. October 5.
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Jules Neufeld and
Josephine Brown.
RICE— CARE— In Berkeley. October 11, 1904,
by the Rev. W. H. Scudder. Frank Ellert
Rice and Anna Mabel Care.
YASKOVSKY— BEER— In this city, October 0,
1004, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, AmbruB
Yagkovsky and Sofia Beer. ¦
DIED.
Demartlnl, Umberto Mayo, Richard G.
Doggett. Annie M. McCue. Edward F.
Fritz. Jacob Miller. John
Gleason. Clorlnda R. Paulucci, Romeo
Griffin, Thomas F. Raffo. Agosrlno
Harrell, Mary E. Schlicker. lTiilliD C.
Kins. James J. » Simpson. Peter
Mack. Lillle M. Tischbein. Wm. G.
Marks, Catherine D. White, Harold W,
DEMARTINI— In this city, October 12. 1904,
Umberto. dearly beloved son of Maria and
the late Nicola Demartlnl. and brother of
Victor, Fred. Caesar. Susie and Roale
Demartini and Mrs. Flora Caralsa. a native
of Italy, aged 9 years and 6 months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, October 15, at 1 p. m., at his late
residence, 8 Medau place, off Filbert street,
near Duiwnt. Interment Italian Cemetery.
DOGGETT— In this city, October 11. 1904,
Annie M. Doggett, dearly beloved wife of Cal
J. Doggett, and sister of Andrew Wilson and
Charles Carsten, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 11 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, C23 Jessie street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
FRITZ— In Portland. Ore.. October S. 1004,
Jacob, beloved husband of Elizabeth Fritz,
and devoted father of Ruth and Florence
Fritz, and beloved son of Hedwte and the
late Jacob Fritz, and brother of William,
John and Joseph Fritz and Mrs. Annie
Helen, a native of Germany, aged 37 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thi3 day
(Friday), at 40:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 119 Rus9 street, between Sixth and
Seventh, near Howard. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
GLEASON— In this city. October 12, 1904,
Clorlnda Rose Gleason. beloved wife of Ed-
ward H. Gleason. beloved mother of Eddie,
Jackie and Stanley Gleason, a native of Cal-
ifornia, aged 27 years 3 months and 8 days.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from her
late residence. 1233 Jackson street, Friday,
October 14. at 9:30 a. m.. thence to St.
BriKid's Church. Van Nesa avenue, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 11:30
-a. m.
GP.IFFIN— la this city, October 13. 1904,
Thomas F. Griffin, beloved brother of Mrs.
J. Allen. Mrs. O. Jones, Miss Alice Griffin
and Mrs. Katie Griffin, a native of San
Francisco.
ET'Remalns at the parlors of the Henry
Gallagher Undertaking Company. 20 Fifth
street. Notice of funeral hereafter.
HARRELL— In this city, October 13, 1904,
Mary E., wife of G. W. Harrell. and mother
of Georre, Willis. Everett. Ora. Emma,
Rosle and Ethel Harrell, a native of Indiana,
aged 57 years 6 months and 13 days.
KING — In this city. October 12', 1904, James >
J-. beloved husband of Catherine M. King, \
and father of John S., James L., Charles
B. and Marv J. Kinir, Mrs. Eucene A. Ca-
hoon, Mrs. Frank L. Grover and Mrs. James
T. Condon, a native of Manchester, England,
aged OS years. •
lE7"Rema!ns will be forwarded to Alton,
III.. Sor Interment.
MACK— In this city. October 11. 1904. Lillie
Marie, dearly beloved daughter of Annie and
the late John Mack, and devoted sister of
John and Willie Mack, a native of San
Francisco, aged 18 years and 14 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
'Friday), at 10 a. m., from the residence of
her mother. 40 Gilbert street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MARKS — In this city, October 13. 1004, Cath-
1 erlne D. Marks, beloved mother of Stanley
H. and William D. Stewart, a native of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 62 years 3 months
and 14 days.
MAYO— In Oakland, Cal.. October 12, 1904,
Richard Gould, husband of Jennie H. Mayo,
and father cf Mrs. H. C. Bunker and Mrs.
W. A. Swlnerton. a native of Chatham.
Mass., azeel 74 years 1 month and 3 days.
A veteran of the Civil war. serving in Com-
pany A, Seventeenth Massachusetts Volun-
teers. (Boston papers please copy.)
C^FrUnds and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), from the chapel of the Oakland
Crematory, at 2 p. m. Take 1:20 p. m. boat
of Key route ferry. Piedmont line.
MILLER — In this city, October 13. 1004. John
Miller, a native of Germany, aged 23 years.
McCUE: — In this city, October 13. 1904, at his
parents' residence, 724 Clementina street,
Edward F. . beloved son of James and Alice
McCue, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 25 days.
PAULUCCI— In this city. October 11. 1904,
Romeo, dearly beloved husband of Apollonla
Paulucci, and lather of Nlcolao and Dante
Paulucci. Mrs. A. Gori and Mrs. F. Maracci.
and brother of Abele Paulucci. a native of
Lucca. Italy, aged 56 years 3 months and
11 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
October 14, at 1 p. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 431 Broadway, between Montgomery
and Kearny streets. Interment Italian Cem-
etery.
RAFFO— In this city. October 12. 1904. Agos-
tino Raffo. dearly beloved son of Pietro and
Mary Raffo. a native of San Francisco.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, October 15. at 1 p. m.. at the
residence of his parents, 1307 Castro street,
between Twenty-fourth and Jersey. Inter-
ment Italian Cemetery.
SCHLICKER— In this city, October 13, 1904,
Phillip Charles, youngest and beloved son of
Frederick and Agatha Schlicker, and brother
of the late Frederick Schlicker, and grandson
of PhllllD and the late Katherine ADffel. a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 0
days.
SIMPSON — In th« City «and County Hospital,
October 13, 1804, Peter Simpson, a native
of Norway, aeed 36 yearB.
TISCHBEIN— In this city, October 11 1904,
William G., dearly beloved husband of
Bertha Tischbein, and father of Mrs. N.
Tichenor and Eddie Tischbein. a native of
Ohio, asred 41 years 8 months and 18 days.
(Lf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 a. m., from the family resi-
dence. B21 Octavia street, between Hayes
and Grove. Interment Odd Fellows' Cem-
etery.
WHITE— In this city, October 13. 1904, Harold
William, dearly beloved son of Arthur E.
find Katie Marie White, a native of San
Francisco, atred 3 months and 28 days.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone. South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral- Directors and Embalmnrs — — —
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple. ' ¦
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South- 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates. *CHICAGO. Oct. 13.— The weakness in wheat
developed late in the day. Higher - prices J in
foreign grain. markets was a factor contribu
ting .to the strong opening. December was up
%«?%c to $110«4@l 10%. May was up %@t%c
at $1 11 to $1 11%. On the advance there was
come profit -taking by local longs. -As a result
the market eased off a trifle. Sentiment, how
ever, soon became - bullish again and ' prices
rose steadily. .The- strength . was due -, largely
to big advances .: at Duluth and -¦ Minneapolis
as a result of heavy sales of ¦ flour, - some of
which was for . export.*, A report of a trade
paper at Portland.- Or.; to the effect that- eight
million* bushels of ; wheat have . been soldior,
Eastern shipment had considerable Influence
In ¦ stimulating the demand for -wheat here."
The high" point on December for the day 'was
I*\iturc Grain and . Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
California Oil and Stock Exchange.
Oil Stocks— - Bid. Asked.
Associated Trust Cert 21 -..:.
California Standard 13 , IS
Caribou .'....v ...... ..*¦• "4 80
Claremont 77%
Hanford ITS .
Home 1 00
Imperial '. ,.13 00
Independence ..' •-•- 2S
Kern <old> 4 SO ... r
Monarch (of Arizona> 20 3O
Monte Crtsto..'. ...»' ... ." '65
Occidental of W Va. ........ ..'... 04
Oil City Petroleum. 55 .:.;
Pittsburg .: M ,
Senator 65 .....
Sterling .'• ..'.. 2 70.
Superior ...•• » .
Thirty-three ¦ . 825 ¦
Twenty-eight 10 00 «,.-:„
Miscellaneous-
Fischer's Theater 10 -"<
Northern Cal Power 8 50 9 7.1
SALES. . .
• Morning Session.
2000 Association Bonds 77 80
200 Four Oil.. • •• »«
Afternoon Session.
5 Cal Wine Assa...^ 8-1 09
3Iininsr Stocks. .
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. ;
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:.
9:30 a. m. — Comstocks.
/ 300 Belcher "»0t 250 Con Car* V.t 8S
20O Best & Belch. 1 20 SCO Mexican ...r.-l 20
200 Bert & Belch.l 15| 200 Ophlr 2 4<>
10O Caledonia .... B0| 300 Sierra Nev.... 36
100 Caledonia .... Wt 100 Silver HI II.... 53
. ICO Caledonia .... Si ICO Silver Hill.... 5*
'20O Challenge ... 2tt 10O Union Con 4«
10O Chollar 22- 50O Utah ......... It
350 Con Cal Jc V.I 601 »)O Tellow Jacket. 23
2* p. m. — Comstocks.
500 \lDha .* 16! 200 Challenge .... 23
TCOAlta . ..- OaKlOO Challenge ..:. V. ¦
'4)0 A lta ' ... 04 «M>Con Cal A V.I «r>»
500 Andes' .... 25! 100 Gould & Cur. 22
3M Belcher 30J 100 Gould A Cur. 2t
10O Best & Belch.l 15 300 Just ce ....... 07
.,Xn RulHon 20 20O Juatice ....... Ofi
4CO BulloS *» 2°° Mexican t 20
40OCaledTnlk.::. Ml 4C0 Union Con.... .44
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ¦
THURSDAY. Oct., 18-* p. m.
Bid. Ask. I . . BM-Ask.
ft..,. v .2 25 2 33!Bu!Hon 1» 20
Mexican" -1 « * ** Exchequer ... 45 49
Egt" 1 "^" 1^^.. 00 ":::: Sva"
rhnflat -'¦"*.. 21 22Uulia ......... OT : 09
Sf"^ 15 16! Caledonia 47 . IS
Hai?*"Norc. 60 r4\ Silver Hill.... 54 5«
Crown Point? 12 " Challenge .... 21 22
?l?i^w Jacket 21 2.T Occidental .... 75 80 /
ron im^rtal Ct f-2 1 I^dy Wash ..' — €5
KentuST ... Ol C3> Andes Zi 24
At^hft :• t« 1«" Scorpion ...... 07 OR '
Belcher "."•••• "- 0 ;{1 !C° n N Y M <> 7
rnnfldence ... 90 1 00! Eureka Con..: — SO
S?erraNev... S4 Sfi' Syndicate .... 08 05
UUh ..¦¦.-•• 10 tit ¦. , •
Exchange ana Bullion.
• There were numerous changes In Silver and
Exchange, but they were narrow.
The Mongolia took out a treasure list ot
$B6.977 consisting of $55,600 In silver bullion
and $1377 In Mexican dollars for Hongkong.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8«U
Sterling Exchange, cables ....... — 4 87%
New Tiork Exchange,- sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. •— 10^
Silver, per ounce • — 67%
Mexican Dollars ............" — 46
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Paris 8.17%
New. York on Mexico..... ...217
Paris on London:..... 25.14 .
Berlin on London 20.36%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures wire higher and
Paris futures weak. -
Chicago showed no net change on the day.
The letter of E. F. .Hutton & Co. said:
"Kansas City wires that it is quite cer
tain that - considerably over half the surplus
wheat in that section has j been I moved In the
first quarter of ' the crop year. Country de-,
liveries of wheat have been almost nothing
for a week. \ The line elevator companies have
been ¦ selling practically all their receipts • to
Kansas mills instead of bringing it here. Texas
is takiriK Wheat out of - Southern Kansas. The
Northwest movement has been a disappoint-'
ment. California Is taking Wheat here. Fiva
thousand bushels eold yesterday for this ac
count. •
" "Uroomhall cables that there is nervousness
over, the unfavorable Argentine advices. Kansas
City and Minneapolis report a good cash, de
mand and the latter point reports large sales
of Flour. The weakness here was the natural
reaction of a : scalping ; market arte-r three
days' advance. ' Armour is apparently oper
ating on the bear side, but apart from that the
trading is neither broad nor important.", .
In this market futures were lower and weak
with the bears hammering the; market. Caari
quotations remained unchanged. - . .
CASH WHEAT.
California : Club, $14501 52%; California
White • . Australian,', $1 65@1 62^4 ; Northern
Club $1 45@1 62%;. Northern Bluestem, $1 60
«J1 62% per ctl. ¦ .,¦...'.:•
FUTURES.'
¦/''_ . Session » to s 11 :30 a, ra.
' Open. 'High. Low. -Close.
December ...$t 50 $1 60 $1 40 $1 49154
May ..:....: 1 51%. 1 61% ;.: 1 60 1 S0%
¦".•¦> -2 ¦; p." m. Session. -
December— $l'49%.
May— $1 50%.
¦ BARLEY— Both • the cash grain and futures
were quiet and rather weak than ." otherwise,
though prices showed 'no -change.: >~
7 CASH, BARLEY.'' -
Feed. $1 07%®112%; new Brewing and
NEW TORK, Oct. 18.— There was a rather
reliable demonstration of •peculatlv* interest
In- industrial stocks and specialties to-day,
which was of doubtful effect on sentiment to
ward the railroad stocks, which were allowed
meanwhile to lie practically fallow. The mar
k-t had an appearance of breadth and anima
tion during the greater part of the day, but
the fal'.icr oft In the aggregate ti-aneactiocs
Knows that an active market for the Indivldu
a!»:<Io** not yield as large market results a*
the *J*ual operations In the more Important
. ..Jr^-ed atoeks. This was made more marked
by.the fact that the more important individu
al*! were alno,, late in coming; into to-day's
movement, thowirg more sympathy in th« early
jart of the day. with the dragging and nesl-'
tiling tones of the railroads. United States
J-tfieJ preferred was a case in point, In epitc of
thr. favorable statistics of production for Sep
tember., which made their appearance last
<>veninc. showing a notable increase in the
productive capacity of pig ircn during the
month, without, however, affecting the declin
ing tendency of the stock en hand.
Socfc a ftirring t,p of long neglected cecurl
lifg of questionable value as that v.'hlch took
r>!ac* U>-d««y tva* the effect of a suspicion of
the. health of the market as showing the ex
hausdon of the po-sibilitJes pi health securi
ties fo»- an advance and a force resort to other
sources to kee> up tbe sequence of action. As
indicating the breadth and variety of the
I'.&y'm market a list of individuals which moved
upward a point or mere is given, the titles ln
<ik«ting sufficiently dM many branches of in
dustry. TvhUh were represented. The iron and
Mad stocks an 3 rnilroad r-guipment stocks gen
trmtiy. the Xati'.-naf Lf ad *nd Amwican Smelt
ing: Flocks. Kupar. Corn Product*--. Cotton Oil,
Ir.u rnaxioual Pvpor. W<x>len, Chemical, the
Iiui)t>er Citr-cds and United States Rubber stocks.
lnt^niatSocal Power. Xctiooal Enameling and
rtbera mtMt were «raded in aftf-r long Inactiv
ity..but chich did not move lively. The drooji
inr;t»-jni'r.cj- of the railroad .list s*?c-med to be
«Jue tc the usiwttScment ef tins poorer grade of
tunics. . \ ¦ .; • •/
The trnual iy>i>or»» of the WUocnsin Central j
ioa(J giiuw.-Hl a formidable. expansion of «i>erat- j
inf rXKSv* la <-onn*rcticn .-.with >hrin!;;TVr «f :
wflre.4Cljr.ort aids.*: in the railroad list hi show- j
irf jrr;y ocnwjertble advance*.
Tltporit cr.aie to hand of the se\-cral new in
ttirw of railro.T>1 bon^a, tvhfch wa» ccns>ldercd
it;VUaM\e ol iniprov'ng tlnrtnclsl coral tioi:a. ,*.
M.<nej- s'.n, contirfUtd cary, rrlth the pro»-j
New York Stock Market.
The Daly West Mining Company of Utah has
¦{eclared a regular monthly dividend of 40c per
thare, payable .October 15. ¦-
Home Oil Company has declared the regular
monthly dividend of 2^4c per share.- amouting
to $2500, payable October 20.
Ex-dividend yesterday: —Central Eureka
Mining Company of California, regular month
ly 5c per share, amounting to $20,000; Penn
sylvania CM. Company of California, regular
monthly. • 10c per share, amounting to $5050.
The directors of the Mutual Electric Light
Company have elected H. H. Taylor president
of the corporation.
There was a very fair business on the Stock
and Bond ' Exchange, but fluctuations continued
few_ and narrow. Hawaiian Commercial was
firm and sold up to $67 62%. Onomea Sugar
sold up to $29 50 and Spring Valley Water up
to $.19 12%. There* was no change of Im
portance in the oil or mining stocks.
The San Francisco Stock and Exchange
Board, in addition to the Comstocks. is now
calling a number of Tonopah mines, as will
be seen by the new list below, and has also
admitted to . membership the follawing mem
bers of the Tonopah Board : J. L. Joseph. " D.
G. Doubleday. Barton Pitman. R. L. Cheney,
Nat Boas. Samuel Braunhart. G.-'D. Clark.
Percy Kahn, F. Kelner, Sim Mack and T» V.
Starr. This completes the quota of thirty new
members that the San Francisco Stock Board
intended to acquire chiefly from the Pacific
and Tonopah exchanges and makes a total
membership of eighty- two. with eighteen board
seats . unsold.
San Francisco Mining Board Now Call
ing Tonopahs.
STOCK 3IARKET.
LOCAIj MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.— Close: Money on
cail. »t«ady, l%®2 per c«nt; closing bide lvT
t ffer*d, 1%; '
Time loans, slightly easier for longer time
sixty days. 8% per cent; ninety days, 8V- six
months. 3H©4 per ©ent. ¦». ¦«
Prim* mercantile paper, ?US'5 per cent.'
Sterllns; •xohangev steady, with actual busi
cees In bankers' bills at $4.855034.8555 for de
mand and at $4.833004.8335 for "sixty day bills"
Posted rates, $4 M&4 84% and $4 S6H
ComiaercUl bills, $4 63@4 S3%.
Bar silver, 67%o.
Mexican dollar*. 4t^c.
Government bonds, steady; railread bonds
stroes.
New Tork Money Market.
EASTERN BIARKETS.
Another* advance in Bayo Beans is noted.' !
, They are in demand, but very few are coming J
In. '
Receipts of Beans are steadily increasing
and 6G63 sacks came in yesterday.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 60ig2 75; Pea, $2 90fj>
i S 10; Butters, $2 75@3: small White. $3@3 25;
lar-e White $2 25©2 60; Pink. $3©3 25: Red,
$3 75®4; Lima. $4 10@4 25; Red Kidneys.
$4 60@4 75; Blackeyes, $2 50#2 70 per ctl: .
Horse Beans, $1 85@2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow -
Mustard. $3 25; Flax. $2@2 75; Canary. 6%
@7; Alfalfa. 15%@16%c; Rape, iy.®2%c;
Timothy, 5%c; Hemp, 3%ig'3%e per lb; Millet, ,
2%<53%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2g2 25; new Green
Peas. $2@2 25 per ctl.
; Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables. ]
Potatoes were in good supply but offerings ,
j of all grades were well cared for at about
I previous price? and the general tone of the ,
; market wa* on<- of firmness. Onions were
| active and firm at rising prices.
• Stocks of miscellaneous vegetables were more ]
than sufficient for requirements and most de
scriptions were inclined to weakness, although '.
prices shewed but little change. Green Corn ;
1 dragged badly, offerings being mostly of poor ,
quality, and sales at the top quotation were ;
i rare. x • ,
i POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 60® T \
j 75c per ctl; Sallnaa Burbanks, $1 10@l 40 per
ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1@1 15 per ctl.
i ONIONS— $1 15@1 40 per ctl.
I VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 50c®$l 25 per
! sack or crate; String Beans. 2%@3c per ,
. lb; .Wax Beans, ,3040 per lb; Lima :
; Beans, 4@5c pej ! lb; Tomatoes. 15[? i
40c per box; Summer Squash. 40@50c per •
I box: Cabbage, 75c per ctl; Carrots, ' 75c per •
sack; Cucumbers 3o@50c per box; Garlic, 4^4
\ #4%c per lb; Egg Plant. 35®50c per box; ,
Dried Peppers, nominal: Green Okra. 40@C5c j
! per box; Green Peppers, 40®(!0c * per box.; .
Marrowfat Squash. $15 --per. ton. -" . ¦-,. '¦
Poultry and Game.
Poultry was in increased supply and. as the
demand was less urgent, the market was
slightly weaker in tone, but prices of all de-
I scriptlons were well maintained. A car of i
; Western came in to a leading retail firm, and
J there were about 100 coops of domestic stock
: received. Game was In good request at steady i
j prices. : i
| POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old, 14@15c per 1
j lb for Gobblers and 15@16c for Hens; young :
I Turkeys, 204f22c per lb; Geese, per pair, $150 i
: @1 75; Goslings, $1 75@2; Ducks. $4 50@5 per i
dozen for old and $4 S0©6 for young; Hens, :
$4 50®5 for small and $5{?5 oO for large: young <
Roosters. $5'&'5 50; old Roosters $4 G0@5; Fry- >
ers. $4@4 50; Broilers. $3«?4; Pigeons. ?1 25 :
per dozen for old and S- Iff- 50 for Squabs. •
GAME — Wild Doves, $1 per dozen: Gray
Geese, $5 per dozen; English Snipe, $3 per :
dozen; common Snipe. $1 50 per dozen; Hare. 1
$1 25®1 75 per dozen; Rabbits, $2 per dozen '
for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eergs. •
Quotations showed no further change yes
! terday. Fine grades of Butter continued
cleaned up and firm, and there was no «ur- .
plus of lower grades, except in one or two
houses. The same,, remarks apply to Cheese.
But some dealers reported a slight accumula
tion In ranch Eggs, saying that the recent ;
advance had checked the consumption and still
'further diverted the public inquiry to the (
cheaper Eastern and cold-storage goods. ,
Receipts were 17,600 lbs Butter, 552 cases
Eggs and 4500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 2!)@30c
for extras and 23(?2Sc for lower to medium '
grades; dairy. 21024c; cold storage. 24c; store j'
Butter. 17@2Oc; Eastern creamery, 21%@23c; ,
Eastern ladle-packed. 16@17c per lb. ,
' CHEESE— ll@12c for choice mild new and
j 8@10c for old; cold storage. 10%@Uc; Young
Americas ll%@12c; Eastern, 10<@15c per lb.
I ' EGGS— Ranch. 39@40c fo r large white se
> lected, 374f38c for good to. choice and 34@36c
for common: cold storage, 27%@30c; store,
nominal; Eastern, 25.fl2.se for firsts and 22@
24c for seconds and 21c for bakers'.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Conditions In the fruit market showed but
little change from the previous report. Trade
was active on local account, but stocks of
i most descriptions were in excess of the de
mand and (he market was. rather weak.
Peaches and Baftlett Pears were the only de
scriptions to show any firmness and what few j
were offering were firmly held at high prices. !
Both of those fruits have about had their j
run and they will soon disappear altogether. |
Table Grapes were In good request at un
changed rates, although offerings were gen
erally, unattractive. Wine Grapes were In in
creased supply, -«ix carloads being received.
The stock was mostly poor and met iWlth ;a
sluggish demand at irregular prices. Melons
were, quiet and no reasonable offer was re
fused for Cantaloupes, which^ame to hand In
bad condition. Berries arrived- freely and ruled
weak, tho demand being limited. Citrus and
j Tropical fruit3 were unchanged. A car of late
Valencia Oranges was marketed.
•4 STRAWBEP.RIES— Longworths, $9@10 per.
chest; other varieties SSfflfi per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $3 50@6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 9(&10c per lb. •
CRANBERRIES— $2 2502 50 per box for
Coos Bay and $7 75<g,8 for Cape Cod.
APPLES— $1 2o@l 50 fo r fancy. 85c@$l for !
choice - and 40@'75c for common. ¦ I
PEARS — Bartletts. $1 50@2 per box In
cluding cold storage; Winter . Nellis, 75c@ '
SI 25: other winter varieties. 40@75c. |
PEACHES— 5C@S5c per box. !
PLUMS— iO<5COc for small packages and - —
for open boxen.. - ;
PERSIMMONS — GOc@$l per box. ~~ I
POMEGRANATK?— ;S@3Cc for small and
$1 25<S2 for large boxes. j
QUINCES— 25®50c. per box. j
' figs — Nominal. i
MELONS— Cantaloupes, 50c«i$l per crate; '
Nutmeg Melons. 35@ti0c per box; Watermelons; ;
$l<ff3 per dozen. .. . i
GRAPES — Seedless ' from cold storage, 65® '
85c per box: Isabella, - 50<g!75c per crate: other'7
varieties, -25(@40e $or small boxes. 40<g>75c per/
crate and- 75c@$l,25 for open boxes; Wine T:
Grapes, $12@20 per ton. '
• . CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 &CX33 50 per !
box for Valenclas; Lemons, $2 50@3 for -
fancy. $1 75@2 25 for cholc* and $1 25<J*1 50 '
for standards: Grape Fruit. 1 ' $2 60@3 C0;.Mexl- '
can Limes. - $4@4 50 : per case : Bananas.' $2jr3
per - bunch • for I Central ( American and 7Sc@$2 |
for Hawaiian;' Pineapples. $2 75@3 25. j
Dried Fruits. Xnts, Kaisins. Honey, j
Walnuts are quoted very firm, and the'prices •
below: represent the San Francisco market..- -,
• Telegrams from New Tork continue to report
an ¦ Increasing demand; for Prunes, but ' this
market has not. yet' responded, and • is * still
quiet/ though lt'ls not as depretfied as It : has
been, as - it is believed ¦ that the bottom has
been' touched. : ...
~lh Raisins are very- steady at the recent ad- j
vance.- •¦ ¦'¦ "¦'-¦' ¦••- ..'¦;-- ' j
,2V FRUITS— rNew , crop— Apricots, 5 . 7*i@10c for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines, |
6<37%c for White and -6©6%C for Red:
Peaches, , 6%08%c per :\ lb; .-Pears,- 7@12e: :
Plums pitted. • 6@6%c ; for black, 8@8%o
for r red and 7©8%o for yellow; Figs.' 2-crown '"
bricks, 60c; ¦ 3-crown, 55c: 4-crown. 60c: 6- >
crown, 65c; bulk white, '2%©3c;- black. 3%a '•
Evaporated Apples, ' 6%@7c ' per lb.' • •
PRUNES— 1%@1%C per lb for the four sizes
and • 2Uc "¦ baeia fo r ; the % large > size*.' - . v ; . .
; RAISINS — 1904 *. crop t^ '- o. - b. \ Fresno-^-Im
perlal clusters, , $2 25«2:50; Dehesa,. $1 85@2;
London Layers, 80c@$l;- Loose Muspatels. 4-, .
SEATTLE Oct. 13.— Clearings, $833,152; bal
ances. $173,088.
TACOMA. Oct. 13.— Clearings, $516,280; bal
ance», $44.S29.
PORTLAND, Oct. 13.— Clearings, $973,379;
balances, $75,326.
SPOKANE, Oct. 13.— Clearings. $463,710;
balance?. $64,642.
Xorthern Business.
Flour qr ska. ..14.079| Flaxseed. sks ... 350
Wheat, ctls 76.3421 Wool, bales 1.046
Barley ctls .... 8,368 Screenings sks .. 4,410
Oats, ctls 2,113 Feed, sks 33
Corn, ctls 1,313 Hides. No 255
Rye. ctls 2S0 Pelts. No 323
Beans sks .-... 4.2fi2 Leather, rolls ... » 73
Potatoes, sks ... 6, 35Si Tallow, ctls 228
Onions, sks Wl Lime, bbls 1S2
Bran sks 700] Wine, gals 49.350
Hay tons 420! Sugar, ctls 840
Straw, tons j 5 Quicksilver, fisk.. 1
Middlings, sks . . 200 Ralains. bxs 300
Hops, bales ....: 1.240!
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks... 16,505! maxseed. sks ... 2S<*
Oats. 'ctls 4,273! Groats, sks 175
Bran, sks 510| Chop Feed. ska.. «25
EASTERN. "" '-"^
Corn, ctls ... 6C01
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, * Oct. 13. — Wheat, unchanged.
Bluestem. 86c ; , club. 82c.
PORTLAND, Oct. 13.— Wheat for export-
Walla Walla, 82c; bluestem, 85c; valley. S5c.
For Eastern markets — Walla Walla. 83c; blue
stem. Stic.
Xorthern Wheat Market.
' OREGON. ,
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. Mareh.
Opening 7 5% 7 7%
Closing 7 6% 7 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 1 23 50 24 60.
Closing 23 50 24 65
Flour — -
Opening 30 70 31 95
Closing 30 65 32 00
. ' St. Tjouis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 13. — Wool, steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing. 20@26c; light
fine. 18@20c; heavy fine, 12@16c; tub -washed,
221T36c.
•COTTON— The market is now practically
lack again to the 10 cent basis and I think
it will meet with a better class of buying and
more resistance to any further bearish pres
sure from this level, and we would favor
purchases of late winter or spring months for
moderate turns, especially In the event of any
further decline. The movement of the croo
for the week will be lighter than last week
«nd splnnere and exporters will buy more free
ly on any further concessions and it must
also be remembered that the crop could be
fcaflly damaged and the prospective yield ma
terially reduced in the event of cold wet
meather setting in. as it is all open from ton
to bottom of the plants. Price Is now flood
ing Wall street and the South with more bear
ish circulars. He says there Is no question in
his mlad that this year's production of Amer
ican cotton is ample for and probably in ex
e«*s of th« world's requirement*,"
E. F. Hutton & Co.'e New York wires yes
ttrday eald:
The Cotton 31 arket.
Copper was a «hade lower in London, where
It eloped at £59 13b 9d for spot and £69 17s 6d
for future*. Locally the market was steady
at lecent quotations, with lake held at $136?
13 25. electrolytic at $12 87%@13 12% and
casting at $12 75013.
Lead was steady at £12 2» 6d in the London
market and at $4 20@4 80 locally.
Spelter closed a little higher at £22 17s 6d
in London, while It remained unchanged at
?ti 1.'»!f/0 20 In the New York market. ..--
Iron closed at r>Cs 6d In Glasgow and '43s 9d
in Middlesboro. . Locally Iron - is quiet. No. 1
foundry Northern is quoted at S14 25@14 55;
No. .2 foundry Northern, $14@14 OS; No. .1
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern,
BOft. $13 75@14 25.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.— Bulls' speculation
enthusiasm, encouraged pressurably by a
favorable statistical nosition. was acaln evi
dent in the London tin market. SDOt quoted
at £130 and futures at £120 l. r .a. Locally the
maTket was higher, with spot at $28 32%<jj>
28 55. • .,.;¦•'.->. "¦•¦•-..,
Xew York Metal Market.
PRUNES— Seem to be attracting less atten
tion again and rule . rather easier in tone, with
quotations still ranging from 2c to 5%c, ac
cording- to grade. -
APRICOTS — Are sparingly offered and held
firmly up to quotations. Choice are quoted at
H%c; extra choice, 10V4@10%c; fancy, Il@l3c.
PEACHES — Are in a little better demand lo
cally and rule firm. Choice are held at 8>,4@
8V>c; extra choice, 8%®9e; fancy, 9%@10c.
EVAPORATED APPLET^-Meet with flight
jobbing demand and the market Is easy in tone
st former prices. Common, are quoted
at 4@4%c; prime. 4%@5c; choice, 5%@6c; fan
cy, 6%<8>7c. ' -
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE — Futures opened steady at a de
cline of 5 points in response to rather disap
pointing European cables and ruled rather
easy during the session on moderate liquida
tion. Owing to th? holiday there were no of
ficial cables from Brazilian sources. The mar
ket closed steady at a net decline of 5®10
points. Sales were reported of 27,250 base.
Including October. 6.50c, November, 6.o5c - De
cember. G.U5@>6.70c: March, 6.95S7c; May.
7.15c; 'June, 7.25c; September, 7.40@7.45e. Spot
Ric. steady; No. 7 Invoice, 8%c: mild, steady.
BUTTER — Firmer. Street prices — Extra
creamery. 20Vi@20%c; official prices unchanged.
CHEESE— Weak. State— Full creams, small
white and colored, poor to fancy/ 7%@10%c;
large colored, good to fancy, 9%@9%c; large
white, poor to fancy. 7Vi@9%c.
EGGS — Firm. -Western fancy graded, 23®
23%c; Western average best, 22@22%c.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet; fair refining, 3»ic;
centrifugal. 98 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3%c;
refined, quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 35,000 bushels; sales,'4,
600,000 bushels. Futures— Spot, easy; No. 2
red, $116% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba, $1 00% f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
quiet at l%c advance on cables, eased oft un
der local pressure and then rallied nearly^lc
on covering following Western strength and
talk of a congested speculation in December,
with a large milling demand also reported.
The close was weak, %<ot%c net lower. Sales
Include No. 2, Jl ll«i@l 12%, closed $1 11%;
December, $1 14(81 15%, cloned $1 14%
HOPS— Firm. ...
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
NEW TORK, Oct. 13.— FLOUR— Receipts.
IS. 700 barrels; exports. 9500 barrels; sales, 29,
000 packages. Market firm on winters and
easy on springs, with light demand. Minne
sota patents, $6 10<g« 20; winter patents, $5 50
@5 75': winter striaghts, $5 20@5 50.
Xew York Grain and Produce.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$10,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 83 S9
Ala S Co..'. — 27HI Lon& SF Bk. — W
Amer Bis Co — 90 I Mat Nav Co. 6O '— ft
Cal Cot Mils 80 — I Nev Nat Bk.195 —
Cal G&ECor. 47 50 | N S R R Co. 9Vi —
C Jockey Cl.112% — IN Cal P Co. 8% 9%
Cal Powder. 130 145 | Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 j Oak T Con. . 75 —
Cal T I & T. — 155 IOOF Hafl A 6% —
Cen Bk Oak — 65 I Orpheum Co. — 15%
Chutes Co.. 5% 6%tPacC Caa Co.125 1— ¦
City & C Bk — 120 I Pac Sur Co. 105
Cyp L Imp.. — 6%rParaf Paint.. 39 —
East Dynm.. — 375 tS V Drydock. — 65
DpntPwd pfd — 85 | SFASJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com .. 30 37%iS J Wat Co.103% —
FN Bk Oak.120 — j SO & MTgbt.125 — .
Fischer Thtr 05c 30c I Swiss-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.108 — •fTrack Elect.. 11% 12%
Gas Con A. 16% 2O It'R InC pfd. 5« — -
Hono P Co.. — 2fl I Do- com ... 12% —
SALES
20 Cal Gas & Electric Corporation. 47 00
. Street — . .-.¦ «. " -
$5,000 United R R of S F 4 p#r cent. 83 50
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. A(k.l Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 102iilSF & NP 58.112 -¦-
B L Wat 6S.113 115%l S P C R 40.100 —
Cal NW 5».. 110 — I S P Co 4%s.101'.il0S
M C Wat 5s. 100 — I Sun Tel 6a... 113 —
Ris I Wka 5a — 105 I siuttr-st R3a.lO4 —
SF Drdk 53.112 — I UR of SF 4s. 83% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Spot closed quiet, 15 points decline: middling
uplan.ls, 10.40c; middling gulf, 10.65c; sales,
2400 bales.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.— Cotton futures opened
steady: October, 10.03c; November, 10.05c; De
cember, 10.12c; January, 10.16c; February
10.21c; March, 10.26c: April. 10.28c; May,
10.31c; June, 10.32c; July, *10.34c.
Cotton futures closed easy. October, 9.88c-
November, 9.92c; December, 10c; January,
10.04c; February. 10.08c; March, 10.12c; April,
lo. 14c; May. 10.16c.
Xew York Cotton Market.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 13. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balances, $148,993,139; gold, $78,
953,062. ¦ •
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7%<£
~%c per lb; White Lead, 7%@7*4c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western -Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine' Crushed. 6.25c;
Powdered, 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; D-y
Granulated, fine, -6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(ICO-lb bags only). 5.90c; Confectioners" A 6c;
Magnolia A^ 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c; •'D. # * 5.30c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels; 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 50- Ib bags.
10c more fo»- all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels
6.50c; boxer. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Dominos.'
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
13c; Pearl O!I in cases. 19%c; Astral. 19%c;
Star. 19%c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk.
16c; in cases, 22%c; Benzine. In bulk. 13c; in
cases, 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 23c;
in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81c pe r gallon in cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
OJLS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
a>l(] 5c; L:nseed, 53c per gallon for boiled and
51c for raw; Castor Oil in cases, No. 1. 70c;
Bakers* A A. cases, $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases.
6C><@S0c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil, In barrels.
58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached" winter Whale
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. I Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil,
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish OH. 37c; raw
Fish Oil. U6c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL — Wellington $S per. ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50:
Beaver Hill $5 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Web;h Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 rcffji: per ton in bulk and $15 in sack.«;
Rocky Mountain descriptions* $S 50 per short
ton. • \ ; •
BAG? — Grain Bags. $5@5 25; San Quentln,
$4 50; Wool Bags. :tO©32c; Fleece Twine. IHc:
Fruit Bags. 6%i&7%c for white and 7c for
brown juu />. — .
General Merchandise.
OMAHA, Oct. 13.— CATTLE— ReceiptB, 51*00;
steady; native steers, $4 25@6 10; cows • and
heifers, $2 50®3 75; Western steers, $2 90fj)
4 65; Texas steers. $2 75@S 75; cows and heif
ers, $2 25@3 30; canners. $1 5O@2 15; stockers
and feeders, $2 2604: calves, $3®5 50; bulls,
and stags, $1 75@3 75.
HOGS — Receipts. 7000; 10@15o lower; heavy,
$5 10&5 25; mixed. $5 15®5 20; light, $5 15®
5 25; pigs, $4 50@5.
SHEEP— Receipts', 7000; strong; Western
yearlings. $3 50@4; wethers, $3 40#3 75; ewes,
$3@3 50: common and stockers. $2 50@3 75;
lambe, S4 40(35 15.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 13.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 9000; strong; native steers, $4@6 10;
native cows and heifers, $1 5O@4 5O; stockers
and feeders, $2 25@4 15; bulls, $1 75@3 50;
calves, $2 50@5 50; Western steers. $3® 4 6O;
Western cows. 51 50©3 50. .
HOGS— Receipts, 8000; 10c lower; bulk of
sales, $5 10<@5 45; heavy, $5 40®5 50; packers,
$5 30@5 45; pigs and lights, $5^5 25.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000; strong; muttons,
$3 25@3 SO; lambs, $4@5 15; range wethers,
$3 30©3 85; ewes, $2 76@3 50. ¦
Omaha.
Kansas City.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts, 11.
000, including 3000 Westerns; strong; (food to
prime steere, $5 90® 6 85; poor to medium,
$3 75@5 6O; stock era and feeders, $2 25@4 :>0;
cows, $1 5txg>4 10; heifers, $2@5 50; canners,
$J :>uii- 40; bulls, $2 10@4 75; calves, $3ig7 50;
Texas fed steers, $3 5O@5 5O; Western steers,
$3(go 10.
HOGS — Receipts, 21,000; to-morrow, 17,000;
lower; mixed and butchers, $5 30^5 75; good,
to choice heavy, $5 45@5 80; rough heavy,
$5 20<@5 30; light, $5 20<g5 60; bulk of sales,
$5 40®5 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 22,000; strong; lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, 53 80®4 35;
fair to choice mixed, $3@3 75; Western sheep,
$3<ff4 10; native lambs, $4*25@6; Western
lambs, $3 50®5 50.
Chicago.
CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San. Francisco, less 40^
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%@7%c: Cows and Heif
ers, 5%@6%c; thin Cows 4<B5c per lb.
CALVES — t@4%c per lb (gross welgctV
SHEEP— Wethera, 3%®3%c; Ewes. 3®3V4e
per lb (gross weight).
. LAMBS— $2 50®2 75 Ben head.
• HOGS— Live Hogs. 110* to 200 lbs. 4%c:
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 ltyj and under. 4%c:
over 250 lbs. 4%c; soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows, 20 per rent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS. !
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers !
are as follows: >
BEEF — 5&7c for Steers and 4@5c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 6%®74c- small. 7@Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ew*b.'6®7c per ;
pound. i
LAMB— 8@9c per ib
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6@8e per lb. ' !
CHICAGO, Oct. 13. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 14@20c; dairies, 13Q>17o. Eggs,
Him at mark, cases included, 10%ig>lS%c.
Cheese, easy; 10@10%c. ' ~
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Beans and Seeds.
Prospects for Another Good Year
Deemed Flattering.
Th« New Tork circular of Henry Clews
Bays:
•'The week ha* b«*a fruitful in favorable
A number of very satisfac
tory railroad report* vert forthcoming, some
ef which «howed gratifying gains in gross
'carnlsjrs, others Important reductions In
eper&tina; expenses, while others have Joined
or promised to Join the ranks of dividend
p&j-enT All of these disclosures prove that
the railroad, as a whole, are enjoying- con
tinued prosperity. Nor 1» tnls all. Traffic
managers appear very confident In a continu
ance of this prosperity for another season, and
It ir.ust be conceded that euch views are well
supported. All doubt about the crops is now
at an end, and this removes a very important
restraint upoa bullish enthusiasm. We are
f.nally assured cf an abundance of corn, and
this, even If the expected 2,500,000,000 crop is
not culte realized. Is one of our most lm
port&nt sources cf rational prosperity. We are
sure. also, of a h',g cotton crop, some eeti
mat«e now reaching 12,000.000, and while early
frost mlffbt cut off lOu.000 to 200,000 bales, it
could not do serious Injury. Evea the wheat
crop is threshing out better than the crop
kiUcrs were willing to let us bellrve, and in
<on?e<juence of these developments the price."
of corn, cotton and wheat are receding from
the exseselve high prices which they not long
..;-¦' commanded. It is now demonstrated be
yond a doubt that American farmers — East,
Wes=t and South — are to enjoy another pros1>er-
DU ye&r. which is the all important fact in
the business situation.
MONEY SUPPLIES INCREASING.
•"One of the main- sources of buoyancy is
the increasing supplies of money. Several
millions of eold are now on the way from
Australia to be added to our already plethoric
stock of gold, the inflationary effect of which
upon values M not yet fully appreciated. Our
i -irculation increased over $3,S00,OOO In Sep
tember, and is now more than $150,000,000 In
? xeess of October 1 last year. This redund
ancy of money and its effect upon Interest
rates is unquestionably one of the most pow
t-rful elements in the present bull movement.
•¦Among the satisfactory features of the
weok was continued improvement In the iron
trade. A grood many orders have recently
l-f-^n placed for iron and steel, "so that a par
tial cessation of demand may follow . during
:he remainder of the year, yet the revival of
oosfldence. trade and enterprise which is gen
erally observed promises a continued demand
during l»05. Th« turn in iron and steel bears
the stamp of permanence. The revival of en
terprise Is also etrlkingly shown in the re
oord of new corporations, aggregating $66,000,
<««> in September, compared with $32,000,000 in
August, which was the low record month.
Failures aie on the decline and business Is
suffering no Interruption whatever from the
flection, which is somewhat unusual. Strikes
are on the wane. Everything points to a
widespread and moderate recovery in both
tradf and industry. There is no material
tor a boom, ar.d large expectations are sure
to be d:sa»pointed. As is always the case
Wall street has discounted this improvement
in advance, because the captains of industry
*.n<i finance are naturally the first to observe
the change in fundamental conditions."
OOICDITION OF TRADE.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring* wheat,
$1 10@>l 16; No. 3, $1 05@l 12%; No. 2 red.
$1 14@1 15; No. 2 corn, 63c; No. 2 yellow, 56c;
No. 2 oats, 28%c; No. 2 white, 31%@31%c;
No. 3 wh:te, 2»U$31c; No. 2 ry«, 77%c; good
feeding barley, S6c; fair to choice malting, 39
©48c; No. 1 flax seed. $109%; No. X North
western, $116%; mess pork, per bbl, 911Q
1112%; lard, per 100 lbs, $7 27%®7 30; short
rib uides (loose), $7 62%@7 75; short clear
sides (boxed), $7 50@7 75; whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 26% ; clover, contract grade,
$12 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37,600 21400
Wheat, bushels 125,000 45 800
Corn, bushels 114,900 159,aOO
Oats, bushels 210,500 . 98,600
Rye, bushels 13,000 6,400
Barley, bushels ."..159,100 31,300
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Afternoon Session. - • ''
Board — - - "s&*
*\» Cahfornia- Wine -A«u»platlon. .v-«l «>-
1CO Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 67 S* ¦
40 Hawaiian Coml & Susar 67 62%.
25 Onomea Sugar Co t -29 5O
50 S F Gas tic Electric 61 75
300 S F Gas & Electric 62 00
45 Spring Valley Water Co 3S» 12%
Street —
$2,000 Oakland Transit Con 5s 102 50
SALES.
Morning Session.
Hoard— _, _.
20 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar...... «T 5«
35 Honokaa S Co 15 12^4
:«> Makawell 2S B2'«,
175 Paauhau S P Co 15 3 . W
25 Paauhau S P Co. b 3 15 37 »-a
5 S F Gas & Electric «. 62 00
234 Spring Vallay Water Co 39 GO
$3,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s 99 IN>
$10,000 Spring Val Wat Co gen mtg 4s. 99 00
Street — • ' .
25 California Wine Association. . . Kt 25
$15,C00 Spring Valley « per cent 104 5«
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. — 121 I Oceanic S Co. 3 —
Cal F C A. 99%l0O I Pac Aux FA. .+ %,— ,
Cal Wine A. 82% — i Pac C Borx.lj« 15.%
MV& MtTm. — 105 | Pac S Tel Co.113 110
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. fi7% — I Makaweli C. 2S% 29
Hcnokaa S C 13 l.V-ij Onorrea S C.' 2J ».¦;
Hutch 3 P C » T i 10 Paauhau 3 C. IjJ* 15%
Kilauea S C. X — !
POWDER.
63 tmfYIsoctt •
STREET RAILROADS.
California- ..197 — I Presidio — *3
Cent L & P. 3% 4 S F G & E. . 62 62^
Mutual EL.— 12 I Stkn G & E. — 5%
Pac L Co... 50 «<»%', C G A E Co. — —
INSURANCE. v
Firem'a Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 IL P & A.... 150 —
Anglo-Cal ..84 — t Mer Tr-'«t...^— 2"J
Bank o t Cal.420 425 ! Merch Ex....— 58
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 It « Nauunl — —
First Nationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — Sav & L So. . — 100
Hum S & L. — — See Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav IT. 615 —
Do 5a 9S T /» — | Sierra R «¦-. — • -*?
Hon R T 63.107% — S P of A fa , :
L A Elec 5s. — 104 I (1909> .. . . ,10SJ* —
LARy5s..U5%— I (1910) ... M09%110%
L A L Co 6»— — IS P of C e» •
Do gtd 6s. — — (19O5)Sr A. 100^101%
Do gtd 33.100 — (19C5)Sr B.100% —
LAP lcm 5s 102 — U906) .103%104V
Mkt-st C es.114 — <1912) 113%.—
Do lcm 5s 115 — SPC 1 c* 5s.ll»% — -_
MV& MtT5s.lO5 — Do stampd.110 . — .
NRU of C6s.l0rt 106% S P B R-6s.l32 -—
Do 5s 117 — S V Wat 6s.lM%105
N P C R 5s.lO6% — Do 4s«dm.lOO% —
N C Ry Ss.. — 112 I Do 4s 3dm. 99% —
X C P C 5s. - 99 I Do; mUta 9O 1C0
N S R R 5s. - lO2%',Stkn G&Elia. 93 — .
O G L&H 5s. — 110UI U O & E 5s.lO2% —
Cf W gtd 5s. — 10O |
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 36 [Port Costa... — -v
Marin Co... — 60 |5 V Wat Co- 39% SS% _
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Receipts of Hay were 42 cars. The market
remained as before, choice Wheat ruling very
firm." An occasional car or two brings $16. but
the figure is hardly frequent enough for a reg
ular quotation. The lower grades are dragging
somewhat. The railroads are at present bring
ing In only about 25 per cent of what the de
mand calls for, owing to the. car shortage.
The millers are now reporting » very weak
market for Bran, owing to the rapid growth of
green Feed, but quotations are no lower.
BRAN— $20®21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $24@28 per ton.
SHOUTS— ?20©21 pe r ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $23 5C@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill,' $31 50®32 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal, $30 504j:31 50; Cracked Corn, $31@32;
Mixed Feed. $22@22 50; Horse Beans, $30@40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat, $l«Xgl5 50: Wheat and Oat,
$10@14 50; Oat. $9®13; Barley and -Oat $8
@12; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7(910; stable. $9
@11: stock, $5 50®7; Clover, $7@10; Alfalfa.
$9@12 per ton.
STRAW— 45@65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hides. Tallow. Wool and Hods.
Hops continue firm. Late mail advices from
New York say: "A fair business was reported
transacted in the ccast market; sales were re
ported of COO bales at 2Va2!>c and -400 bales at
31c- The range of- prices generally quoted was i
from 26c for ordinary up to 30c for choice. •'
One special sale, however, as above reported •
was made at 31c. Offerings were reported as
limited, sellers generally being encouraged ¦ by j
the' indicated strong statistical position and
were holding for extreme prices. Up State "ad- !
vices continued to report firm markets, with I
offerings light; prices ranged from 30c to 32c '
and up to 3oc continued to be paid for small J
lots of fancy Hops. The spot market was !
firm but quiet." . :
-HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell i
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy salted ¦
Steers. 10%c; medium. 9%c; light. Oc: Cow |
Hides. 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. ,
7c; Salted Kip 10c; Salted Veal, lie; Salted .
Calf. ll%c; dry Hides. 16%@17c; dry Kip. 13®
14c; dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins shearlings. 23 # :
40c each; short Wool. 40@65c each; medium, j
75®90c; long Wool. $1@1 50; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2@"2 50 for medium, :
$1 25@1 73 f« small and 00c for Colts; Horse •
Hides, dry $1 75 for large and $1 60 for me- |
dium. $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. ;
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c: dry salted ;
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat !
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75o; extra large do. !
$1 25; large 50c; medium. 35c; small, 20c. \
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4g4%c per lb: J
No. 2, 3%c; Grease. 2%@3c. . . i
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln and South- i
em. 9@llc; Southern, 8®9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9@llc; Middle Counties, free. 12®14c:
do, defective, 10«12c; Northern free. 12©14c: j
do. defective, 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 14@15c per lb. •
HOPS — 1904 crop 26@31c per lb. j
M1LLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham. Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal. $2 75; Ric3 Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60:
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats $4: Hominy.
$3 60@3 85 ;'- Buckwheat Flour," ?4; Cracked
Wheat. *3 CO; Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats. bbls. $6" 75@7 50; in
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas.
boxes, $5 50; Green Peas $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 80®
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@5:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
peel of a morn favorable bank statement this
week. •
Uondfl w-ere strong. Total Fnlcs. par value.
50.7bO.«)0. United States bonds were un
changed cii ca!i.
Xew York Stock List.
K. 1-*. lluvtjis it Co.. 4^U Caliloraia. street.
I Sa.n frmnci&aiX menaDeru of the New Vork
I fct-jck iiiLcl:antc. lurnlsh the *fv>liowins official
I tiuotaucus ui that i.X'j/i^Jige :
| bales. |"" Stocks— ]iilgh,Lo.v.| Bid.| Ask.
I ;Adau:K Kxpresfe .j ¦ tU&> \'UH
j Copper ..; o3%j 6»H| 0-%l o2^i
I jArci Can Co j , i *V*| ~> ii
! i>o yid I t i 4aftl 60
«i,«l)u,Ar. 1 Car & Ky Ci>, 27 | 20 %j -tf I WMj
i 1.5UO; x>o p:d i fc4 i bii'nl »3Hil *>*
iJUa Cnlcle I i ilwl AM
I , Ln> p;d j | i w I W*
I.&ju-Aiu luuun Oil.. | olV*t «5"%l 31!4i 31%
j 1 Do pid j 1 1 »1%| i»5
; .Am Ditt 'i*ci....| I j -* I*J
4,lw Am cir 'lvvine Cot »%| ti-^l S'.il s^
4<«>;Ain Hide & L...| 5V*| 3 1*1 &V»I J>%
4oo, American Ice ...1 '%i '''•I ''*v
S.90W Uo pld t 35 I 33% j 34%| 35 :
Am Linseed ..-1 1 i l-%i 15 I
I Do ptd I I KM j«>
-..|Am Locomotive .| 2»Ki 2S%| 28% I •»,,
l«JO0, Do ptd I »7%| »W*l 'J« I y .'-a
o.lKW.Am Malt 5 1 *%l 4^*| J>K
tf,l'0O| Do pfd i 23141 21*41 23%i 23%
i 7,0W|Am Sm «i W CO| btJ^j tii)^| «i'A| ««H
1.6ov; Do pfd ilOS |la7V»|l"» |10t»V*
32.3ou.Am Sujjar |134V*ll"-^»il a -'%l 1:w '/*
COO 1X3 pld |13Uls|133V»il33U 1 |134
I Am Tel & Tel Co, | 1138 |139
! |Am Tobacco pfd.i | |142 jHj
....,..|Am Woolen ....| 1 1 15 1»%
i 1 L»o pid 1 1 i »1%I 6 -% '
1W Anaconda iK'«%il0O%| 99 |ll)l
I ( Ann Arbor | , 2» | <*2
i I Do' pfd I »» I 63
33.7OU;A X & S F j bi%\ &3%| b3Ts| 64
yo»i Do pfU |lOl>9i|10UV4|10O tloOV,
9.5«K),Balt it Ohio I !)¦£ | «1%i «l?4l »l'.s
Sow, Do pfd I U4 I 04 I 94 I 85
..(Bay State Gaa ..j | | 7-32| %
J>5.400 1J K T I 65 ) 61% 04%| 64%
|13rook Union Gas | 1—1 |2V4
2oy,Bruns D & I... 7%| 7Hi 'M\ 7 ?4
lOOv'.Hutterick Co DO%) 49V*| 51 I 52
.Canada So I I «7 | 67V4
1600:Canadian Pac |132 |131^|131-"Ji|132
l.bOUC & O I 44 43*1, 44'>b 43%
C& A 1 38 39>
Do pfd S<> *«
C & E 1 pfd 12S 1W
iO I & L pld 80 W
itOOC&OW 1714 IT I 17%| 17%
Do pfd A I 55% 5b
Do pfd B I 2i»)i 28%
400 C & N W 188T*'l8S%!l67 189
13,3W,C M & St P 107% 100% 10. lb.%
100 Do pfd 184 184 183 185
9.600 C R I & P (new) 29% J»% 2S% 2feT»
1,500 Do pfd *3 72 i2%
Do>s *>% ?f»
1,4(X) Chicago Term... 8H 7% 8 8%
3>K) Do pfd 17 y 4 16% 16% 1.
3CH>Chlcago Un Trac 7% 7% 7V4 •%
200C C C & St L. S5 85 85 8*>%
! Do pfd 109 110
[Cleve Lor & W «K-*
Do pfd S5 .....
2.100 Colo Fuel & I.. 37 %j 36 37 8(V*
I Do pfd *>O
lOOCoIum H C Sc I. 12%! 12% 12% 12%
1.200iColorado So ... 20% 30 19% 20
Do 1st pfd 61 51%
500 Do 2d pfd 27% 27 26% 27
2.100 Consol Gas .. . . 212%;2U% 211% 212%
200lCon Tob pfd ... 124% 124 Vi 123% 124%
7,100;Corn Products .. 18 16% 17% 18
900 Do pfd 74 73 74 74%
1,000 Del & Hudson.. 173% 173% 174 174%
200 D L & W 210 )210 2S9 290
D&RG 28% 28%
Do pfd 81 82
Des M & Ft D, 24 24%
600 Detroit Un Ry .. 71% 71 71*71%
Detroit So Z*k *
Do J>fd 6 ?* "%
2. 600 j Distil Secur ... 81 30% 30% 31
JDis Secur bonds 71 71%
100|Dul S S & A.... 7% 7% 8 8%
1,300 Do pfd 14V4 13% 14V4 15
14,100 Erie 82% 32% 32% 32%
4,000! Do let pfd ... 68% 67% 67% 68
8001 Do 2d pfd 46% 46% *»% <7
/ E & T H 68 60
Do pfd 75* 85
Ft W & D C 43 48
iG«n Chemical 48 55
Do pfd 94% 97
4,000O>n Electric ... 172% 171% 171% 173
800| Great No. pfd .. 190 186 191 192
6,000 Green Cons Cop.. 21 20% 20% 20%
Havana Tob Co 23 28%
Do pfd .; ..... 87% 89
300 Hocking Val ... 81 81 81 82
700 Do Pfd 89% 89% 89 89%
1.W0O Illinois Central .. 144% 144% 144M 144%
e.OOOllnter Paper 18% 17% 1S% IS 1 *
1,200! Do pfd 76% 76 70 76V4
eOO'lnter Power ... 60 58% «0 60%
Inter Pump 34% 36
Do pfd 79 80
200 1 Iowa Central 25% 25% 25% 26
300; Do pfd 46% 46% 46 47
Kanawha &Mlch 34% 35%
IKC Ft S&M pfd 78Vi 77% 78 78V*
|Kans City So 25V4 25V*
l,200i Do pfd 48% 47% 47% 48
100!Keokuk & Des M 15% 15% 15 15%
lLaclede Gas pfd.... 80 100
jLake E & West 31% 33%
I Do pfd 93 9S
!Long Island .. I . ...I W 55 58,
1.30O Louis & Nash... 129 128% 12S% 12S%
2,jno! Manhattan 156% 156% 150% 15<>%
; Manhattan Beach ' 9% 10V4
2S.700J Metropolitan Sec 84% 82^fl 84% 84%
26,300 Metrpltn St Ry. 122% 121 121% 122
2,700 Mexican Central 14% 14 14 14%
Minn & St L 54% 57
Do let pfd 92 98
1.S00 M. St P & S 6 Ml 82 81% 81% 81%
Do ptd 133 134
8,700!Mo. Kan &. Tex. 2S% 28 28 28%
, 5,700 Do pfd 58% 56% 57 57%
9.000!Missouri Pacific. 100% 100% 100% 100'/*
JNash. C & St li 133 134
12,000 National Lead... 24% 24 24% 24%
400 Do pfd.. 97 96 97 97%
... Ntl R R Mex 19% 20%
400' Do pfd 39% 39% 39% 40
t National Biscuit. 48% 4S',i 48% 48%
I Do pfd 109% 110%
j New Jersey Cen 182 182V*
N Y Air Brake 133 131
8.300 New York Cen.. 132 131 |131% 181%
N' Y, C & St L 32%) 33
Do 1st pfd 110 I11H
Do 2d pfd 67 69%
N Y Dock 14 17
N Y. NH & H t... 193 194 •
3,000 N Y. Ont & W..| .15% 35% 35% 35%
2,300 Norfolk &. West 71% 71 71 71%
Do pfd 72 71 90 93
North American 92 94%
6,000 Northern Secft... 114 112% 113% 113%
. . . Omaha -. 140 150
Do pfd 1185 100
0 S L 4s 9S% 99%
(Pacific Coast 72 74%
j Do 1st pfd 98 105
Do 2d pfd 76 77%
8,000 Pacific Mail 37% 35 37% 37%
• 34.500IPenn R R Co. .. 134 133% 133% 133%
17. lOO! People 1 8 Gas. . . . 105% 103 104% 105
IP, C, C t St L. iS 72% 73
j Do pfd ....104 105
12.100 Pressed Steel Car 40 39 39% 39%
2,1001 Do pfd 83% 82% 82% 83
600;PuHman Car Co. 230% 230 228 232
2.900! Ry Steel Springs 25 24 24% 24%
900; Do pfd S3% 82% 82% S3V4
80,700 Reading : ... 72 71 71% 71%
800' Do 1st pfd..., 86% 86% 86% 87
100 Do 2d pfd 79 79 78% 80
900Republic S & I.. 11*4 11%" 11% 11%
1.700 Do pfd 62 50% 61% 61%
16,400 Rubber Goods... 24% 22% 23% 23%
Do pfd ...: 87% 88%
1,600 Eloss fiStlCo 43% 42% 43 43%
200! Do pfd 89% 69% 8S 90
St J4GI.. 15 17
1. Do lit pfd u 51 54-
Do 2d pfd I 25 23
St L *SF 1st pfd! 70 75:
1.100 Do 2d pfd ....162% 62 62% 62%
l,3r,0St L & S W .. 22 21'4 22 22%
l,700| Do pfd 49% 49% 49 4!)%
10,400 Southern Voc .:'. &f>H r.8% 58% 58%
10,700ISouthern Ry ... 33% »2% 32% 33.
y 000 Do pfd 93% 93% 93*4! 04
Standard Oil 643 645
' Standard R & T 1% 1%
7.300 Tenn Coal & I. &2V4 50U 61% 52
200 Tex P L T Co.. 34% 34 32 34%
2,200|Texas Pacific .. 33% 33% 33% 33%
Third Avenue 128% 129
(Toledo R&TCo 33 34
200!ToIedo St L&W. 31%l 31%i 30% «.%
1,000 Do pfd 50% TiO'4 T.0H 5O7i
400iTwin City R T. 103 1102% 101% 103
39 400 Union Pacific .. 105%|104% 104% KM-%
Do pfd 94% 84%
IT P Conv 4s 108 10KV;
ITnited Copper ....... ...... 5 7
. .. United Rds of SF ..* 12% 14%
"...... Do pfd 55 . 57
I Do 4s 83 K3%
'_ JOOiU S Cast I P.. I 12% 12% 12% .13%
OCO! Do pfd C2 «1.J«IT4 «2
; ... !U S Express .....|117 120
i lOKXiU S Leather ... ll%( 10% I 11 11V*
l'sCC'l Do pfd ...... I »0 I 83% K!)% S9?4
f,'.'ZW\V P Rubber ....! 29 • 2rt*A 28% 29
2fi00 Do pfd ...... fi5 84% S4 85
40«*U S Steel Cor.J 10% I 18%| 19 19%
HO'.SOO Do Pfd 78 76% . 77% 77%
... Va-Car C Co.... «« 34 35U SZ*i
3.%00 Do pfd 10S'4 107% UW,i 107%
1.900 Wabash 20% 20 j 20% 20%
H.W0 Do -pfd 42 41% 41% 42%
.. Wabash Deb B».p.... ..... «S fi.'-%
" A Wells-Farco Ex .!..... 237 245
" ' .-500 Western Union . ! 91 % 91 % J)l % 92
900 Westlnahouw .... 1R7 1C«%!1C6 167
D«i 1st nfd ... 1C7. 1CH%II«« 167
'".'.'.'.: W t L E •¦ .....j-11%^11%
iVio! I» l«t pfd ... 44% 44 j 44 45
:jiO| Do 2d pfd .... 25 24*4 2» 26
-2,n00jWUcon8ln Cen -'. 21>4 20 21U 21%
2&A Do pfd ...... 40 I 44 ti! 45% 45%
...... .ISo Pacific - pfd.. 116 : U5«4|115% U«
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7c . f Or Eastern compound
and lOlic for pure: half-barrels, pure. 10%<*;
10-lb tins. H 1 .;c; 5-lb tins, ll&c; 3-lb tins,
ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%,c: thre«»
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces
SHc; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
Cottolene U higher. Otherwise there is
no change. Hams. Bacon and Lard are mov
ing off fairly.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 11 %c per lb for
heavy, U%c for light medium 14c for light.
14 %c for . extra, light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides, 10%c; Bellies. 12c:
Eastern sugar- cured Hams. 14<s: Call*
fornla Hams. 13Hc: Mess Beef $10®10 5O per
bbl; extra Mess. S10 BOQll; Family. $12@12 50;
prime Me.«s Pork ' $14 50; extra clear $23:
Mess, $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet, $j; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
New York Bonds. N
U S rcf 2s reg..104*ilL, & N unified 4s.l01%
Do coupon 104-iiMan ton gold 4s. 105%
Do Ss res 104',ilM>x Central 4s... 70
Po coupon 1(J5 ] .4I Do 1st incl.... 17%
Do new 4s reg.l31*{ Minn & St L 4s. 95
Do coupon 131% I M, K & Texas 4s. 101%
Do old 4s reg.l0fi>,£! Do 2ds 84
Do coupon lG«m NH of Mex con 4s 78*1
At-h £ -n 4* 102'iSN Y C gen 3»<.S..100V*
Do adj 4s...:.. OUilN J C gen 5s.rr.134H
Atlantic C I> 4.«. 9Sij,| N Or Pacific 4s.... 104^4
Dalt <fc Ohio 4e..lO2«i! Do «s 75
Do :{V, 3 05%|Xor & W con 4S.100&
Central of Ga .isi OSL 4s & partic. 9'.)
Dr> 1st ine 88 1 Pa ~«onv 3Ht« 1U1
Che* & Ohio 4i,;.s.lOM;!Readinp gen 4s...l01Vs
Chi & Alton 3>is«. S!%!Sl,t IM con Ss.lir."* '
C. B & Q new 4s. 08 |SL tSP tg 4s. 86Vi
CM & SP «n 49.109%! St Louia BW lsts. 98%
C & N\V con 7s. 12S>A! Seaboard A I. 4s. SI
C. Tt I & Pac 4s. 70%| So Pacific 4s a4',i I
Do col 6s SGMstSo Railway 5* HSvt
C.C.C & SL«rn 4s.l01'i Tex & Pac lets. 121
Chi Term 4« SO Tol. St L & A\" 4s. 80ft |
Con Tobacco 4s. 73 H Union Pacific 4s. 105
Colo & So 4s 87 ! Do cony 4a lOSU
C P A I con 5«. 79 US Steel 2d 5s.. SG>4
Den & Rio G 4s.l00H! Wabash lsta 118V*
Erie prior lien 4e. $9%\ Do deb B (i5V5 ;
Do sren 4b 88 j W & L Brie 4a... 91
F W & D C lsts. llO^i Wls Central 4e... 91^ I
Hock Val 4I58...IO9 I
Xew York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20! Little Chief C6
Alice 351 Ontario SCO
Breece 18| Ophlr 2 30
Bruns Con 07) Phoenix 23
Com Tunnel .... 101 Potosl 15
Con Cal & Va... 1 55! Savrfge S3
Horn Silver 1 55| Sierra Nevada :12
Iron Silver 1 90 Small Hopes 30
Lradville Con.... 02 Standard .<...,... 1*5
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — |U S Steel 19%
Call loans 2(g>3 Da pfd 77%
Time loans 4@5 •Westing Common. 83
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4s 101 ft; Adventure 3%
Do adj 4s 97 | Allouez ViVi
Mex Central 4s... 68% Amal Copper .... Ci!? 8
Railroads— Amer Zinc 13
Atchison S4 Atlantic ViYt
Do pfd 100V4 Bingham 291«
Boston v & AJbany.248% Calumet & Hecla.54B
Boston & Maine. 164 Centennial 27%
Boston Kiev 153U Copper Range ... 60%
FHchburff pfd 138 Daly West 12&
Mex Central 13% Dom Coal 55
N Y, N H & H..192 Ffanklln 8%
Pere Marquette. .. 76 Grancy Z%
Union Pacific 104% Isle Royale 21 %
Miscellaneous — * Mass Mining .... 5Vi
Amer Arge Chem. 16% Michigan 7»i
Do pfd 79 Mohawk 48
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal & Coke 6%
Amer Sugar 134 Old Dominion ... 21^4
Do pfd ".133% Osceola 90
Amer Tel A Tel. 139 Parrot 24%
Amer Woolen ... 14U Quincy 93%
Do pfd .., S2U Shannon 5^
Dom Iron & 3..: 14 Tamarack 123
Kd Elect Ilium.. 252 Trinity 7%
Gen Electric 172 U S Mining 2394
Maes Electric lS^iUSOtl iod
Do pfd S5%MTtah 41%
Mass Gas 41T4I Victoria ak
United Fruit 104Vi "Wtnona fll
Un Shoe Mach... M Wolverine 95
Do pfd 31
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. SS%[x Y Central 135'.i
Do for acct... 88«M Xor & Western... 47%
Anaconda 5%| Do pfd 43
Atchison 86*i!ont & Western... 36%
Do pfd 102% I Pennsylvania 68%
Bait & Ohio 94% Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 135T4 j Reading 86T&
Ches & Ohio 45%| Do 1st pfd 44
Chi Great West. 17% Do 2d pfd .. 40
Chi. Mil & St v P.172% So Railway, 34%
De Beers 18U Do pfd 97
Den & Rio G 29% So Pacific fi0%
Do pfd 84 Union Pacific 108
Erie 83% Do pfd 97
Do 1st pfd 70% U 8 Steel 19%
Do 2d pfd 49 Do pfd 79%
Til Central 148% W*ib** ' 21
Louis & Nash 132% Do pfd 43
M. K & Texas... 2914. Spanish 4s 77
Bar silver— Steady. 26 9-16d per ounce.
Money — 1@1H per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
ehort bills is 2%02% per cent and for three
months* bills 2 7-16%5% per cent.
Industrial stocks one to two points j
higher.. 'Railroads fnvgnlar.
Xot much tarktiion in local stockg and i
bonds.
Shipment or S.%6.977 in specie to
Clilna. ;
flight fluctuations in Silver and Ex- \
change. < ;
Wheat and Barley continue quiet, with j
little change.
Corn bcarx-cr, owins to car shortage. '
Oats offer freely.
Kye in lighter supply and steadily ',
held.
Bean market firm, with increasing
receipts.
Car shortage cutting down receipts of
liay.
ISran very weak, owing to growing
green feed.
Potatoes i n good supply but firm. On
ions still rising.
Poultry weaker under larger arrivals.
Game steady.
Fresh Fruit in liberal supply and
weak.
Butter, Eggs and Chectse unchanged.
Walnuts firm. Prunes In more demand
at New York.
Cottolene a fraction higher. Other
Provisions unchanged.
Hops continue very strong everywhere.
Nothing new In live or dressed Meats.
SUMMARY OI-' TIIK MARKETS.
reached at $1 11%. Meantime May sold up
to $1 11!4. During the latter. part of the ses
sion the market broke quite sharply under
.heavy sales of May by a leader of the bull
element while the market was , beariahiy af
fected by a Cincinnati-journal-claiming a sur
plus of 100,000,000 bushels of wheat for export
from the Unlted^States . and Canada. Another
factor was a private cablegram from Liver
pool reporting Argentine wheat prospects very
favorable. Before the decline was checked
May had dropped to $1 09%. December 6old
off in sympathy to $1 ,09%. A fair demand
from shorts caused some recovery, t but the
market closed easy, with December at $1 10%.
Final quotations oh May were at $1 10!4#
A firm tone prevailed in the corn market
during the early part of the session. Decem
ber closed at 48%c.
Covering by shorts and a fair demand from
cash houses caused activity in the oat market
early in the day. December closed at 2S%c.
In view of a weak hog market provisions
held comparatively strong. At the close Janu
ary pork and lard were each 2$4c lower anc
ribs were unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows: '.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 1 00% 1 09% 109 109
December 1 lOTs 1 Hty 1 09T4 1 10*4
May IX 11% 1H% 1 09% 1 10%
Corn No. 2—
October . . .". 61 H
December 80 , - 50 49H 40%
May 40% 4G% 45% 45%
Oats No. 2 —
October 29»i 2994. 28% 28! 8
December ' 2»H 29% 28% 28? %
May 31H 31% 31 31
Ales* Pork, per bbl —
October 1100 1100 10 96 10 95
December 11 10 11 12% 11 05 11 C5
January 12 45 12 52% 12 35 12 40
May 12 37% 12 30 12 35 12 35
Lard, tier 100 lbs —
May 7 27% 7 35-7 27% 7 30
October 7 37% 7 37% 7 27% 7 30
December 7 25 7 25 7 20 . 7 20
January 7 25 7 30 7 22% 7 25
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 7 25 7 55 7 25 7 52%
January ... 6 50' 6 55 6 50 6 60
May 6 CO 6 62% 6 57% '6 67%
crown 4@4*4c; 3-crown. 3H@3%c; 2-crown.
303% c: Seedless 2%@2%c; Floated. 3c; Seed
ed 4@5%c; Thompson's Seedless. 4%c; Seed
les's Sultanas. 3%@3%c per 1b. .
NUTS — New Walnuts No. k softshell. 12c;
No. 2 10c; No. 1 hardshell, ll^c; No. 2. 9Vic;
Almonds l(J017c for"Nonpariels. 14®14%c tor
I X L i3@14c for Ne Plus Ultra and lie for
Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern:" Pe
cans ll@13c; Cocoanuts. |4 50@5; Chestnuts.
10® 15c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. ll^@13c fo r white and 10®
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5%3J
6c; light amber extracted. 5®5%c; dark. 3$
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Shipping. ?$1 150117%; Chevalier. $1 17*4@
1 22& per ctl. - . ':.-;¦ I "?•> ,\ ;
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
December— No sales. $1 10% asked.
May— $1 10. •>-. ¦ -
. 2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 10V4 bid.
OATS — Receipts yesterday were large, being
9428 ctls. of .which 4273 were from Washing
ton. The market showed no new features.
White. $1 07%®l 55; Surprise $1 5U$1 60:
Red for feed, $1 32%@1 45 for No. 1 and
$1 22^4«?l 30 for No. 2; extra" fine for seed,
$1 42%@1 60; Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 SOCal 70 for seed.
CORN — Has become rather scarce in the lo
cal market owing to the car shortage, which
Is keeping back importations, but the trade
expects plenty in within the next fortnight.
Prices remain as before
Western sacked, $1 4C@1 45 for Yellow, $1 43
for White and $1. 40fgl 42% for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow, $1 40® 1 45; small rouni
do. %1 55@1 62%; White, nominal: Egyptian,
SI 35<g>l 45 for White and $1 25@1 30 for
Brown. — . > ¦ • -
RYE — There is less offering and the mar
ket Is steady at $1 35<gl 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about 52 per ctl.
¦ . - ¦ - - - . ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14. 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
THURSDAY. Oct. 10—2 p." tn. ,
(* UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.h ; Bid. Ask
4s qr coup..lo«!%imjT4Ns qr cp new.lSlKKRU
4s qr reg...lO6%lC«*»|3s qr coup. ..104ft 105ft
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A -W 5s. — Oak.T Co 6s.l20%I21&
Anso Oil 5s. 70& — D o 5s 112& —
,Bay CPC 5s.' -*-. 102' "Do con-Sa.lCa^iot'i
Cal C G.5s.lO2% — . Oceanic S.5a. — _
Cal G & E g Om Cable «Js. — 123
m & ct 5s. — 81*4 Pac G Im 4s. — 07
Cal-st C 5S.1121,, — P E Ry 5s.. 104% 1051.1
C C Wat 5s. 08 , P & C H'6s.lO4 -^ — •'•
,EdL & P 63.123, — P & O R 68.114 HU5
F,& C,H 6a.- — — Powell-st Cs. — —
Geary-8t 5s.; 50 — Sac EG&R3s.tOO —
:HC&S5%s.lOB >'. SF.4i.SJV5s.llT —
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE. >
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
By order of proprietor of the -Willow Uvery
Stable, on Mission St.. between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth. I will sell at public auction
the entire contents of stable, consisting of 73
*ood work, driving and business horses. 100
different styles of vehicles, such as business,
top and rubber tire buggies, all kinds of surrey*,
wajpnettcs. 4-seatere. 3-seaters. carts, light
and express and grocery wagons, 80 sets of
elnfrle and double harness, whips, robes, blan-
kets, Jtiarn fixtures and everything that goes
to make up a first-class livery stable: this
stock- Is in good working condition, so any
one deslrin* a good horse or vehicle will do
well to wait for this closing out sale; as, every-
thing must posit Ively be sold : no reserve ¦ or
limit; parties retiring from business. Sals
FRIDAY. OCT. 14, 11 a. m. WM. CLOUOH. .
Auctioneer.
$> £^
AUCTION!
At DANVILLE, Contra Costa .Co.. CmL,
October 17 at 1 O'clock p. m..
Of 15 Head of WORKHORSES,
COMPLETE OUTFIT OF- FARMING IM-
PLEMENTS. WAGONS, HARNESSES an«
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE— all new,
WILL BE SOLD BY
' I. V. BUTTON.BERT MAHONY EJECTED. — Former
County Clerk Bert' Mahoney was ejected yester
day from hi? residence at 2012 Market street by
Deputy gherlft' Galland. -who placed his be
longing* oath? sidewalk. Galland acted under
a writ" of possession - obtained by . Mahony's
landlady on a Judgment atalnst him for un
paid rent. • , .
The police bulletin issued yesterday
contains an order by" Chief Wittman
transferring Corporal J. S .Adams
from the license office. Police Com
missioners* rooms, to • station duty . at
the North End j police station and as
signing Corporal George W. Lake to
fill the vacancy.- Corporal '. William
Ferguson Is transferred from Com
pany E to Company Fas acting patrol
sergeant, vice Lake. Henry M. Smith,
a newly appointed : officer, is assigned
to Company F. 'andx'Policeman Albert
M.' Smith is transferred ' from "' Com
pany F to Company E.
Changes in Police Department.
Three bids for furnishing a portable
sterilizer for the County Hospital were
referred to the Health Board for ac
tion. ' :.
At the request of Tirey L. Ford, at
torney for the . United Railroads, the
Board, of Public Works yesterday
postponed until next Tuesday at 3
o'clock consideration of the com
pany's application to reset the curve
at Kearny and Post Btreets. Attorney
Garret W. McEnerney was present to
argue the protest of the Pacific Realty
Company against cutting down the
curb line to make the curve ei^ht feet
from the sidewalk, but he consented to
the continuance.
The complaint that the premises at
658-658% Minna street are dangerous
and uninhabitable was referred to the
Ffre Marshal.
The 'board awarded contracts for,
street' work on Green street, between
Steiner and Pierce, and on Duboce
avenue, between Market and Church
streets, respectively, to Fllnn & Treacy
and J. J. ¦DowUnsr.
Board of Works Postpones Hearing on
Application to Reset Kenrjiy
. Street Curve.
UNITED RAILROADS
GETS CONTINUANCE
Ilarnett'H Extract of Vanilla, pre
pared from selected Vanilla Beans. ' •
A woman simply can't help having
faith in a man who notices when she
has on a new gown. ' ¦': '¦", ¦' ... '.I
AUDITOR IS DERELICT. — Judee Hebbard
yesterday moraine granted a writ of mandate
ordering City and County Auditor Baehr to
deliver David Russelir* warrant for February
talary of ?100 as policeman. The Auditor's at
torney. Mr. Cobb, had neglected to file an an
t»vr to the application and failed on a former
occasion to put In an appearance. After the writ
was, granted a request was made for a. five
days' stay and It wa« allowed by the court.
Three suits have been filed in the
Federal courts against the Southern
Pacific Company by passengers claim
ing damages aggregating $65,975. Two
suits are by M. Melvin and wife, each
claiming $25,250. The complaints al
lege that on September 22 as they
were on the return to St. Louis by
way of Portland, their tickets were
taken away from them by the ticket
collector on the train after passing
Sixteenth street station in Oakland;
that they were publicly insulted .and
abused by being charged with having
forged on the tickets the names of the
lawful owners; that they were refused
further passage, ejected from the train
and forced to spend the night in Be
nicia and then to return to this city.
They allege that they purchased the
tickets in St. Louis for the round trip
and that they had them validated on
the day they started to return by the
agent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany in this city.
The third suit was filed by William
R. Bentley, who demands $15,475
damages for personal injuries alleged
to have been sustained in a railroad
collision between Riverside and San
Bernardino. . .
Passengers Allege That Con
ductor Charged Them With
Riding on Scalpers' Tickets
RAILWAY SUED
FOR BIG SUMS
It is probable that the next session
of this association will be held in Port
land, Ore.
M. V. grand president, W. Samuel ' Prager
of Los Angeles; R. V. deputy grand presi
dent, W. William Frank Pierce Uhlrty-second
degree) of Oakland; V. V. first grand vice,
president. M. W. Wiley Jones Tinnin,' P. G.
M., Fresno; V. V. second grand vice presi
dent Samuel H. Wegener of San Jose; grand
secretary. Major Edwin A. Sherman of Oak
land (twenty-sixth term); grand treasurer, J.
L. Coggswell of San Francisco; grand chap
lain. Rev. A. A. McAllister, U. S. N.. retired,
of Mare Island: grand orator. Dr. Hiram N.
Rucker of Merced; grand marshal, L. A.
Ppitzer of Kan Jose; grand standard bearers —
John T. Atkinson of Oregon City, Henry I>.
Lubbock of Alameda and S. W. Levy of San
FrancUeo; stewards — George E. Kennedy of
Livermore and E. C. von Bolkenberg of Fresno;
grand pursuivant, D. W. Standeford of Oak
land; tyler, John d'Arcy.
The Masonic Veteran Association of
the Pacific Coast held its annual elec
tion in the Masonic Temple yesterday
afternoon, when the following officers
were chosen and installed:'
The present superintendent of the
Masonic Home will retire from his po
sition immediately after the adjourn
ment of the Grand Lodge, having ten
dered his resignation, and he will be
succeeded by Dr. Hiram N. Rucker,
past grand master of this jurisdiction,
a resident of Merced.
The election of* officers *• will take
place this morning and it is expected
that the officers elected and those ap
pointed will be installed in the after
noon and that the adjournment will
come before evening.
The Masonic Grand Lodge of Cali
fornia yesterday morning took up the
reports of the committees on jurispru
dence, finance and charters and in the
afternon the grand orator occupied the
attention of the representaives for a
considerable time with an eloquent
oration.
Upon recommendation of the finance
committee the per capita tax for the
maintenance of the Widows' and Or
phans' Home at Decoto was fixed at
the same amount as last year.
for Maintenance of Home — Veter
ans Elect New Officers.
No Change 31ade in Per Capita Tax
GRAND ORATOR ENTERTAINS
REPRESENTATIVE MASONS
Chaffee Wires MacArthur to
Detail Aid to Escort
Distinguished Mexican
Major Randolph, who h£s been se
riously ill at the Presidio General Hos
pital for the last month, is in a very
low condition. His physicians said
yesterday that his death might be ex
pected at any time.
Captain Carroll F. Armistead, Six
ty-eighth Company Coast Artillery,
who was operated on for appendicitis
lziEt Monday, is in good condition. He
will soon be back at his post again.
Army men registered at headquar
ters yesterday were: Captain Daniel
G. Berry, Twenty-second Infantry, en
route to join his regiment in the Phil
ippines, and staying temporarily at the
Occidental; Captain James A. Logan
Jr., subsistence department at the
Palace. .
The principal points of interest of
the military department of the city and
its environment will be shown to the
distinguished visitor.
General MacArthur has arranged to
turn over the duties of the Depart
ment of California to General Francis
Moore, the newly appointed comman
der, on 'next Monday.
Vice President Corral of Mexico,
is due to arrive here during the com
ing week. Lieutenant General Chaff ee
has telegraphed Major General Mac-
Arthur to detail an aid to meet the dis
tinguished Mexican and act as his es
cort.
Arnons ihe officers who had gath
ered on the wharf to bid farewell to
the general were: Colonel Alfred C.
MarkJey and siaff. Major Carroll A.
Devol. Captain Charles T. Baker. Ma
jor Parker "W. West and Captain U.
G. McA'exander. Many women also
•w<»re present to say good-by to Mrs.
Corbin. The floral offerings sent to
the general's wife were of unusual
beauty and magnificence. When their
cabins had been filled up with flowers
the overflow was sent down to the
main dinins saloon, where crowds of
visitors gathered about to admire
them. Such a display of floral wealth
has rarely been seen on any vessel
leaving this harbor. Conspicuous in
the display was an immense basket of
fragrant California violets that com
pletely filled one end of the dining
table. Great bunches of American
br-auty roses added to the floral
splendor.
Both General and Mrs. Corbin were
greatly touched by the hearty atten
tions showered upon them by their
many friends as they departed for
their sojourn under Philippine skies.
Major General Henry C Corbln re
ceived a handsome send-off yesterday
ct the Mail Dock on h*s departure for
his new command In th« Philippines.
Whfn he dro-re on the dock the Thir
teenth Infantry Band from Angel Isl
and struct up "Hail to the Chief."
Many ether selections followed before
the steamer cast her moorings, and
"America" was played as she swung
cut into the bay.
Young Widow's Heart
is Won by Harry
Luckenbach."
COEBAL TO BE HONORED
Mrs. Moss has large holdings In Ala
meda County, owning many acres
along the San Leandro road, improved
real estate in Oakland and considerable
income property in San Francisco.
For several years Mrs. M^ss had not
mingled In society affairs, because of a
distressing experience when one of her
most ardent devotees ended his own
life in her presence because she had
declined to receive his attentions. For
some time Mrs. Mess has been quietly
residing in apartments in the Playter
block.
The bridegroom prospective has a
wide reputation in manufacturing cir
cles as an inventor and patentee. His
family descends from one of the oldest
colonial Dutch settlers in Pennsyl
vania.
Even after the marriage the Moss
children did not relent. They waited
until .after their father's death and
then attaelied his will, which had made
liberal provision for the surviving wife.
There was contest enough over the es
tate, but the young widow sustained
her ground and was allowed to take
her inheritance.
The weddiny -will take place Satur
day in San Francisco, where, aftef a
short wedding trip, the couple will
make their home.
Ten years ago Mrs. Moss, then as
now a striking beauty, wedded aged
Franklin Moss. The rich old man died
two years after the marriage. Children
of Moss by a former marriage opposed
their father's union.
Mrs. Mary Josephine Moss, the beau
tiful widow of the late Franklin Moss,
one of Alameda County's wealthy capi
talists and landholders, who has fig
ured Jn a romantic story of wifohood
and widowhood, has become the affi
anced of Harry Luokenbach, a mem
ber of the firm of L.uckenbach & Co.,
manufacturers of San -Francisco, and
scion of the Luckenbach family of
Philadelphia. This name Is identified
with the heavy shipping interests of
an Atlantic steamship line of freight
ers.
Oakland Office San Francisco CalU
1016 Broadway, Oct. 11
Beautiful Mary Moss ; Is
to Become a Wife
Once More.
3Iajjor General and His Wife
Beceivc Royal Farewells
on Departure for Manila
HEIRESS TO WED BUSINESS MAN
BETROTHAL REVIVES ROMANCE
FLOWERS RAIN
ON THE CORBINS
DECLARES WILL
RANK FORGERY
Attorney Attacks Validity
of the Paper Offered as
Mary Kooney's Testament
JUDGE COFFEY IN DOUBT
Court's Attention Called to
Discrepancies in Hand
writing, Ink and Spelling
MRS. MARTI* JOSEPHINE MOSS. WHOSE
ENGAGEMENT TO HARRY LUCKEN
BACH IS ANNOUNCED.
SUPREME JUDGE
TO BE DEPORTED
Privilege of Crossing the
United States Is Denied
to Hon. Amadee Horville
Judge Coffey is going to decide wheth
er or not two. documents purporting to
be the wills of Mary Rooney were writ
ten by her, as several witnesses testify,
or forged, as contended by "Bridget
Spafford, sister of the deceased, who is
contesting their admission to probate.
The trial of the contest has occupied
two days of Judge Coffey's time and
was concluded yesterday, when the
Judge announced that it was difficult
for. him to conclude that both papers
were written tby the same hand. He
took the matter under advisement and
will analyze the writings. The discrep
ancies in the documents are apparent
even on cursory examination. There are
interlineations in which the- characters
are not the same as those in the body
of the> alleged will, and "Rooney" is
spelled two ways and once with a small
r. The word "one" i is also spelled
"wan" in an interlineation, and there
are evidences of tracing.
In his argument AttorneyW. M. Can
non, representing Mrs. Spafford, de
clared that the second of the papers,
the one disposing of Mary Rooney's
$2000, was a rank forgery. ,He also in
timated that some of the letters in this
document and its signature are very
similar to the writing. of Mary Ryan,
principal beneficiary and applicant for
its admission to probate.
Mary Rooney was a house servant
and worked for twenty-two years in
one family. Out of her savings she
bought property in Oakland, which she
sold for $2650. Of this sum she had $2000
in a bureau, drawer when she died on
January 27. The wills, one of which
only provided for her burial, were both
dated October 8, 1903, some time after
she had left the hospital suffering from
partial paralysis. To Mary Ryan, in
whose house she lived, she left $400; to
Katherine Conroy. Elizabeth Bradley
and Mary Conroy was given each $10.0,
and there were various provisions for
her 'f unyal expenses, masses and small
bequests to clergymen. Her sister, Mrs.
Spafford, was cut off with $1. Mrs.
Ryan, Mrs. Conroy and Mrs. Bradley
were witnesses to the signing of the
wills, and testified that they all signed
at the same time, notwithstanding the
evident 1 difference in the color of the
ink and heaviness of the pen used.
It appeared from the evidence of these
beneficiaries that Mrs. Rooney had a
great aversion for her sister and would
not see her during her illness. She even
instructed . Mrs. Ryan, it is said, to
chop up her trunk and keep the sister
from getting it.
On the stand Mrs. Spafford declared
that she had. had no quarrel with her
sister, but that Mrs. Ryan and Mrs.
Conroy kept them from meeting and in
spired Mary Rooney's feeling of hatred.
VALUABLE SECURITIES INVOLVED.— A
suit to c-uiet title to $51,000 of gilt-edged s«
curltie* on deposit In the London. Parts and
American Bank was begun- yesterday against
the bank and Edwin J.- Hanson by Louise and
Qeorge Hlllerass. ~ ' They claim to be l Joint
owners 'of the atocka.and bonds, but; say that
in adverse Interest Is claimed by Hanson, who
Is administrator of the estate of Mary Louise
HUlegaas, deceased. - ¦ ," - v '
I James Rea Was Fishing In Alaska
When Wife Got Judgment
Against Him — Divorce Matters.
James Rea thinks that his former
wife, Lena, or her attorney, played
him a mean trick, and upon his rep
resentations Judge Troutt • has de
cided to investigate.* Mrs. Rea sued
for divorce last January and got a de
cree on February 24 for $25 a month
alimony and # $50 counsel ; fees. On
September 8 an execution was levied
against Rea on the Judgment and he
did not know of it until October 12,
when he returned from a fishing trip
to Alaska. He • says that when she
filed her suit he went to her attor
'ney and told him the action would be
defended. The attorney, he says, told
him that if he would offer no opposi
tion to the suit the plaintiff would
waive alL claim to alimony, fees' and
costs. On that account he made no
answer. Now he wants the judgment
modified.
A writ of habeas corpus was ap
plied for yesterday by Swan Ander
son, who was arrested by the Sheriff
on October 12- on an. order of. Judge
Sloss, who found him guilty of con
tempt for failure to pay alimony to his
wife. Anderson was divorced in Feb
ruaVy/1901. and is $550 behind In his
payments.
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Ada A. O'Brien against James
A. O'Brien, intemperance and cruelty;
Josephine Furst against Adolphus
W. Furst, infidelity; Mary Isabelle
Goetze against Joseph G. Goetze,
cruelty; Katie Lindner against Fred
Lindner, desertion.
The divorce suit of Grace E. Mann
against William O. Mann, in which de
sertion was charged, was yesterday
' dismissed by . consent of the parties.
A decree was granted October 3 and
set aside four days later.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Murasky to Ella McDonald
from John R. McDonald, desertion; by
Judge Hebbard to Helen Wrenn
Dougherty from Edward J. Dougherty.
! intemperance: by Judge Kerrigan to
[Mary E. R Hunt from Eugene F.
i Hr.nt. desertion and neglect; by Judge
Graham to R. H. Norton Jr. from
Mary M. Norton, desertion; to Ida
M. Marlon from Henry D. Marlon,
cruelty; by . Judge ; Troutt to Lou H.
Galehouse . from Frank C. Gale
house, desertion (J50 / a month
alimony)); to' Amelia Rossi
from Caesar Rossi, neglect; by
Judge Sloss to Anna W. Hunter from
Bedford B. Hunter, desertion: by.
Judge Seawell to Kittie Hardie from
Theodore Hardie. cruelty and neglect.
SAYS HE WAS TRICKED
INTO (ALIMONY ORDER
IS ARRESTED FOR CRTTELTT.— Officer
McCurrie of the Humane Society arrested Roy
J. Adams at the corner of Bush and Battery
streets yesterday afternoon for drtrtsg a lams
and worn-out horae. The suffering animal was
placed In a stable and th« driver was taken to
the Hall of Justice.
The tomahawk that Tecumseh. the
famous Indian chief, carried when he
was killed is exhibited in the Kentucky
building at the World's Fair.
Amadee Horville, one of the Su
preme Justices of Tahiti, was yester
day denied' by the United States De
partment of Commerce and Labor the
privilege of passing through the Unit
ed States on the way to his old home
in France because he was found to
be afflicted with consumption. He ar
rived at this port last Wednesday on
the steamship Mariposa from Papeete,
and was accompanied by two officers
of the French navy and A. F. Ducor
ron, Vice and Deputy Consul of the
United States at Tahiti.
The United States Quarantine De
partment notified United States Im
migrant'Inspector A. de la Torre Jr.
that Justice Horville was suffering
with tubercles on the lungs and that
the same was regarded by the serv
ice as being infectious.- Acting Im
migrant Commissioner Charles Me
han wired to Washington for instruc
tions and received a telegram yester
day from F. H. Lamed, Acting Com
missioner General, ordering the return
of Justice Horvllleto the port whence
he came.
. Jan John Rae, a deaf and dumb
man, who arrived from Victoria yes
terday on the steamship Umatilla, was
forbidden to land by Immigrant IrT
spector Crawford, on . the" ground that
by reason of his- infirmity he was like
ly to become a charge upon the State.
Rae informed the inspector that he
had been allowed to land in this city,
Seattle and Port Townsend as recent
ly as last October.
SAYS COMMISSION XVILIj
AWARD CONTRACTS SOON
William^ Bunker, Representative of
' Chamber of Commerce, "Writes
of Canal Supplies.
The following communication from
William Bunker,- the Chamber of
Commerce representative in Washing-'
ton, - D. C, was received by George
Newhall .yesterday: I
¦ ""About seventy bids have been received by the
Panama Canal Commission In response to a call
for 2,71*0,000 feet of lumber. - The woods named
In • the specifications were redwood, Oregon fir
'and yellow' pine. As: there are over thirty In
dividual'Items '• In' the- specifications, and as
bids have assumed many forms, some offering
'to' deliver the ' lumber to Colon, : some at La
Boca Pier. Ancon, Canal Zone, and others at
various shipping I points In the : United States.
the work of tabulating the bids in order to as
certain which bids are ' actually the * lowest
from the Government -point ot m view will take
days. ... . , .,~. . ¦ ; ... - .'
The commission i Is arranging for the pur
chase of a large amount of > mechanical appli
ances, including fourteen' steam- shovels, . 1000
steel dump cars and 500 - flat cars. I am as
sured by officers of the commission that speci
fications will be forwarded. to California.' There
is every dispoeition to give the Pacific, Coast a
chance to bid for official patronage.- -
Select Tbur! to St. louls Fair.
¦'Special train, absolutely limited to 100,
October 27, < in. charge of, experienced con
ductor. '•( who * pilots party through Fair.
Exceptionally low- rate. , Address "The
California Hundred." • information I Bu
reau, St Francis Hotel. S.jF.; Cal. •
Educational Club : Meets.
;.--¦ At, the first" meeting of the San
Francisco Educational Club Tuesday
evening: at .; 9 8 4 y% "- Folsom street : there
were v ninety- three" charter members
enrolled! The purpose of the organ
ization is to) look out : for the welfare
of • the new ! Jewish arrivals .who'; come
to Itfxis country 'and . to have, them nat-.
uralized.* The * club \ will e indorse ; men
who will do the best work for»* the
community, regardless v of political
faith. > Following 'were; electedv to of
fice: .¦/'- Chairman,' > M. .Blackfleld;';sub
chairman/SH.-,* Bernard
r Abrahamsf f secretary, *,T. .' ¦ W. «' Mellls.
Tbe Paralso Springs are always open, *¦
THE SAN FRANGISCO GALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 190-f.
16
ADVERHSOIEXTS.
BABY'S JCZEHA
Top of Head Covered will Scales
WMei Peeled Off TaMi
Hair with Them.
CURED BY CUTiGURA
flow Six Years Old will TIM
Hair aid Clean Scalp.
Cure Permanent
"My baby was about six weeks old
xvhen the top of her head became cov- I
ered with thick scales, which would
peel and come off, taking the hair with
it. It would foou form again and be as
bad as before. I tried several things
and- then went to the doctor. He said
it was Eczema and prescribed an oint-
ment, which did not do any good. A
friend spoke of Cuticura Soap. I tried
it and read on the wrapper about Cuti-
cura Ointment as a remedy for Eczema.
I bought a box and washed her head in
warm water and Cuticara • Soap and
gently combed the scales off. They did
not come back and her hair grew out
fine and thick. Sh^ is now a year and
a half old and has no trace of Eczema "
MRS. C. W. BURGES. Iranistan
Ave., Bridgeport, Conn., Feb. 21. 1S98-
Mrs. Burges writes Feb? 28, 1903:
•'ily.ba.by. who had Eczema very
badly on her head as I told you before,
after using: the Cuticura Remedies was
cured. She is now six ¦ years old and
has thick hair and. a clean scalp."
Instant relief and refreshing sleep
for skin-tortured babies and rest for
tired, worried mothers in warm baths
v.ith Cuticura Soap, and gentle anoint-
ings with Cuticura Ointment, purest
of emollients and greatest, of skin
cures, to be followed in severe cases by
mild doses of Cuticura Resolvent. This
is the purest, sweetest, most speedy,
permanent and economical treatment
for torturing, disfiguring, itching, burn-
ins, bleeding, scaly, crusted. and pimp-
ly skin and scalp humors, with loss of
hair, of infants and children, as well
as adults, and is sure to succeed when ;
all other remedies and the best .phy-
sicians fail.
. Sold throughout the world. Cuticura Resol-
WBt.1 50c *!n form of Chocolate Coated Pill*.
25c' per via! of CO); Ointment. COc; Soap," 25c
Depot* — London. 27 Charterhouse sq. : Paris,
R Rae de la I'atx: Boston. 1S7 Columbu* ave.'
Potter Drug- & Chrra. Corp.; Eole Proprietors.
CTScna for "The Great Humour Cure."
Kearaj aod Suiter Streets.
Store Opens 8:30 A. M.. Closes 5:30 P. M.
Fine Knitted Underwear
For Friday, at Unusually Low Prices
(First Floor Kearny St.)
Here are two great values in Ladies' Ribbed Underwear —
the kind wanted for immediate wear, as well as throughout
the winter. Don't let this opportunity slip by, for we doubt
if, we will ever again be able to obtain their equal for the price:
Ladles' Merino Ribbed Vests — high neck and long sleeves, white r A
and natural color, with Band Drawers in ankle length to match; TvltQ
finely finished and absolutely unshrinkable; sale price, each cvv
Ladies' Merino Knitted Underwear— Ribbed Vests and Band «r
Drawers, finished in the best possible manner, colors white and lf\Q
natural, guaranteed not to shrink ; all sizes, regularly $t.co each at B tlv
California Wool Blankets
(Second Floor Sutter Street)
These Blankets at the prices afe exceptional value. Every
pair is of the best California make, extra soft and finished
with pink or blue borders :
California White Wool Blankets, size 58x82, extra heavy * A nft
quality, silk bound; special, per pair «Pt-»UU
California Wool Blankets, made of cleanest white wool, silk <t - c^
bound, extra large size, splendid value at, per pair
Fine California White Wool Blankets, soft finish, good weight, - ft
size 70x84, prettily silk bound; special, per pair
And we have them still better, at S7.50, SlO.OOand 812.00 a Pair
Fancy Work Materials
Are Now m Great Demand
For more than a quarter of a century we have kept pace
with the steady advancement of Art Needlework, and have
to-day one of the largest and best selected stocks of Fancy-
work Materials in the world — and prices are right.
Heminway's Embroidery Silks in Lace Materials of all kinds for Bat-
y every imaginable shade, all war- tenberg, Duchesse, Arabian and
ranted fast colors. Point Lace Work.
" Woolen Yarns and Flosses of every We have everything fn Tassels,
description, special shadings, in Fringes, Ponpons, Cords, Cushion
best qualities and all full Tops, Pillow Ruffles, Embroidery
weight. Hoops, etc. *
Lessons given in all kinds of Embroidery, including the new Openwork
and French Embroidery, also Lace. Making, Knitting,
Tatting, Netting, Crocheting, etc.
Sale of Art Glassware
(Second Floor Kearay Street)
Handsome Imported Flower Vases, Fern Dishes and Rose
Bowls — at prices that should find quick buyers. The shapes
are unique, the colorings are exquisite — some artistically
decorated with floral designs — all are odd pieces and have
been marked for Friday's selling at these extraordinarily low
prices :
50o EACH — For those sold regularly at $1.00
75c EACH — For those sold regularly at fl.25
81.75 EACH — For those sold regularly at |2.50
Dressing Sacques and Robes
Attractively Priced for Friday
(Third Floor Kearay St.)
Dressing Sacques made of fine qual- Dressing Robes, made of best wool
ity ripple Eiderdown, in red, gray Eiderdown, in red, gray and blue,
and blue, with collar, cuffs and finished with frogs and cord and
pocket trimmed with stitched -, „- tassels, prettily appllqued c , M
satin band; special at *'•«> collar and sleeves <4 Jm
:~-.':I: ADVER'nSKAiTSXTS.
DOOR MAT, GOOD QUALITY. 43c.
Ohlr*rd«lll'« Cocoa. 25c can for..-. .20c
3 CAX3 MILK OR CREAM. 25c.
Good Kancb Xxz; dozen 33c
Large, white. Every egg guaranteed Bound.
,23c COMBS WHITS HONET. 17Hcl
E-O Oatmeal Mush... I 10c
Always gold at 15c itralgixt.
23o GHIItARDELLr3 FLICKS. 20c
rragrant Teas, 10 kinds, pound.... SSc
Uncolored Japan. English Breakfast. Oolong.
Ceylon. Mixed, etc. Tea store price 60o.
15c SUGAR CORN PER CAN. 10c.
CREAMERY BUTTER, sq. 35c
Eel River Valley— regular stxe— eweet. fresh;
usaally 43c
SMALL WHITE BEA3J3. 7 LBS. 25e.
Java and Modia, broken coffee. 3 lbs.50c
The broken berries from th« be«t Java and
Mocha Coffee. Always good. Fresa
ground or pulverized.
20c NEW WALXUT3. POTJXP 15c
Beaailene Soap, 6 large cakes 25O
DoeT twice tHe work of Fels Xaptha, Box $3 89
NEW FIGS. WHITE OR BLACK. LB. 3c.
Sweet Win**, * years old. ral 65c
Port or Sherry. Taate at store. Excellent value.
Worth $1.
60c EISEX CLARET. OAL. 40c
Old Government Whi«*ey, qt. bot. . .75c
Bottled In bond. Pure Whiskey ot high order.
Usually |1.
$350 SPANISH PORT WINE. OAL. If 75.
1001 Fillmore St 119 Taylor SL
Park 183 ' Phon« Howard 1021
Gentemeri
Kid Gloves
have moved to
109 Grant Ave., /
Bet. Geary and Post Sts. 1 1 >
Our £'-:': ns I
oSSiity 60c Teas I
are regular I
80c qualities |
Extra Premiums I
Free I
with each purchase |
Premiums must be seen 1
to be appreciated
New Teas -
25,30,35, 40i5bc
Come early
just to look.
Great American Importing Tea Co. ,
Money Saving Store.
861 Market : ' 213 Sutter.' "; 2732 bith'- Q
140 Rlxth 210 Grant ave 1419 Polk B
475Haleht- 1819 DevUadero* 705 LarklaB
3285 Mission 3006 Sixteenth /. 146 Ninth. H
-2008 Fillmore * 521 Mont g-y ave r 355'Hayes H
36tf Third 2516 Mission ¦ 52 Market ¦
.- ¦ - 469 Fourth -. I - r ; 206 Xhlrd r. >¦ i-m|
MARKS BROS.
SPECIAL SALE OF
.....WOMEN'S
FLANNELETTE^ WRAPPERS
/ n f I Wrapper like cut is the Lead-
/ * * er for To-Day. Made of a
Hea vy Quality o f Flannele tte in \ Ne ver-
Fade Colors, Brete/fes ; Over. Shoulders
Trimmed in Braid; Full Flounce Skirt;
Newest Style Plaited Back.; This Lot
of Wrappers will withstand good hard
wear. Come in all sizes. . .
, OTHER STYLE WRAPPERS.
I HTI I FLANNELETTE - Qf- _
LU I II WRAPPERS at & *> C
IDT III FLANNELETTE Ai i c
LU I III WRAPPERS at V * '* &
I 07 * IV HANNELETTE * I on
LUj IV WRAPPERS at Ql-Oif
I n T U FLANNELETTE *1 AC
LUI V WRAPPERS at 0l'4O
These Flannelette ' Wrappers will be
displayed on our Center Aisle Tables in
Styles Women Most Want They're Cut
Extra ; Full and, Wide; : made with the
Newest Style Flounce; Full. Bishop
S/eeres; Soft Turn-Down Collar; Neat
Belt at Waist aod Fitted Vest Lining.
'I : Your choice of every color in Figured,
Striped and Floral Designs. . \
'SEND IN YOUR NAME AND WE'LL
MAIL FREE OUR FALL AND WINTER
MAIL ORDER ; BOOK. !
WRMBRQS.
, - The Home of Honest Values
i22p^1224^MAM£l^SmEEt