$TARTLJ1VG CHARGE INVOLVING THE NAME OF ISAAC N. PERRY, PRESIDENT
OF TH& NATIONAL PANK OF NORTH AMERICA, IS PREFERRED BY CORPORA
0TION COUNSEL TOLM AN OF CHICAGO ON THE TESTIMONY OF TWO EMPLOYES.
"The evidence shows beyond airy
doubt that the fire was of Incendiary"
origin. The testimony of the engineer
in charge of the building, togetlter vltlx
that' of the former superintendent at
the company, amounted to a direct
CHICAGO. Oct. 28. — A mxsterSoos
flre at the plant of the Chiccgo Car «»w<*
Locomotive Company's plant at Hege
wlach, 111., has become the subject at &
many sided investigation, witb sensa
tional results.
Corporation Counsel H R. Tofcnaa
of the City Law Department to-day
gave out a statement -which, says:
Sequel to cm Incendiary Blaze
at the Plant of a Car Con / i / ban / v
- SAX BERXARDIXO; Oct. 2 6.— Fire
this' evening destroyed the hotel at
Highlands, owned by Mrs. ¦ Peter Glea
son: also the office" of the Domestic
Water Company, and ,. public =•¦ library
building, involving a total loss of '•£ 15,
000. The flre started from an ; explod
ing lamp in the third. story of the ho
teL . . . \
BLOOMINGTON.^Ill., Oct 26.— Al J.
Francisco, r a Tclsrarmaker": of ; this city,
and : four tramps were skilled 'in the
wreck. 1 of a" TVabash^ freight . train "at
Sadorus. ~ Martin Tracey,'; alclgarmak
er of Boston,', who, was; suspended from
the wreckage four. hourg with' his head
hanging close to thelbodles of his com
panions.'", tried ' to f commit ¦ suicide . (by
etrangulatIon,T but | was * discovered >by.
the ' trainmen and ' released. '~*?&mmb*d
HOTEL AT HIGHLANDS .
, DESTROYED BY FIRE
WRECK VICTI3I RESCUED .
AFTER ATTOfPTING SUICIDE
COUNTY RUSH - ; ;
. OF SAN DIEGO EXPIRES
PHIMPPINE ; CONSTABULARY
1 REDUCED 'i BY . THE XEW i IiAW
Was '- Prominent h" Mason - In .Kansas,
¦ Where He; Served as Grand ; '
'' Master. .^ : .-"-v
" SAN-- DIEGO. Oct. 26 .— County. 'As
s^ssbr^ Ji ( D^5 Rush idled this ; evening/
aged , 64; j-ears. : . He ; "was I serving , his
second *te'rm.': '.; He -was born: at Rush
"villerilnd:"'; ''frVmfwnlch^State^heimoyed
toi Kansas,^ where : he -was ; prominent Ta
%
having; been** grand : mas ter "of . the State.
HeIhad!resldedMn this city -for .twenty
Xew Tork Jewelers ' Find That They
Have on Hand a Supply of
Bogus Gems.
NEW, YORK, Oct. 2«.— Wholesala
Jewelers . in this city made the discov
ery to-day, that supposedly high-grada
emeralds which they have been lm
pbrting from Paris are merely doub
lets of quartz, cleverly colored, and
that "they have been paying many
times: the value of the stones. The
fact was learned in time : to' save the
dealers from ' serious embarrassment,
as In a few days- more -the Imitation
gems would have reached the retail
trade.
Garreaud.and Grlssr made tests
which seemed to prove the stones gen
uine.'but by mere chance they placed
them near the flre. when.to their sur
prlsej two p'arts of the doublet separ
ated and the color vanished, leaving
two ordinary quart* crystals In place
o; what had seemed to be a beautiful
i anriMlMll'lHI HMilMWMIilllliifa n" ¦ - ¦ »
£reen fiem. . .
To ; Be Curtailed* by .Twelve Hundred
;.' Men. '-Leaving:*., Force, of *
.Six Thousand. *
WASHINGTON,'' Oct. 26.— Advices
have- reached .the' Insular Bureau that
, by .^legislation . contained Jin "one of ' the
appropriation > bills recently Jpassed at
Manilas thej strength ; of the "Philippine
constabulary} has-been "reduced ; at brie
stroke ",by / 1 2 00 " men. The * reduction
willJtake effect^ at: the .beginning of the
nsxt "fiscal -j year, -leaving, the strength
of .the "force at 6000 ' naenJrSnMBBM
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 26.— The second session
'of*-: the ; Traps-Mississippi % Commercial
Congress. ! held; to-day; in vthe; Hall of
Congresses, : was 'marked j by --an 5 even
larger: attendance ;,than^' characterized
the oDenirig; session. V,To-day;srmeetirig
was ¦ largely ; devoted ; to : irrigation," ? and
many papers /were read .treating on - the
methods - pursued in :' reclaiming ¦ arid
lands. V^r ¦¦"?,':, -:.;v:-*. '>:'\y' r >;c ¦;¦;_•-..¦ ¦'? r \>f,z-i.
5 John W.";Noble l of * St. ; Louis,- 1 former
Secretary/of ¦the;Interlor,;discussedthe
question ''Whether jWashingtonior^Ore
gon ;'Are- Considered ?Part!of ; the 'Terri
tory Embraced" in* the> Louislana'Pur
chase.";.;. General? Noble \ that
they were i considered I al portion i of the
acquired ! territory, i otherwise 1 Explorers
Lewis and" Clark vwouldf hoUhave - made
their .expedition" into Uhati section"; *
A letter- was j read ¦ from United- states
Embassador Powell Clayton
So Notifies Trans-Missis
sippi!C6nimercial Congress
IMITATION' E31ERALDS
DECEIVE THE EXPERTS
DIAZ WILL NOT
VISIT STATES
SEATTLE, Oct. 26.— At 11 o'clock to
night workmen ; broke down the wall
between the north and south sections
of the Great Northern Railroad tunnel,
which runs directly beneath the busi
ness section of Seattle, and; the shaft
Is now clear from end to end. All that
now remains Is to complete the con
crete work and lay^ the tracks. This
could be completed In two months.
The tunnel. is the largest in area of
any In the United States.- It Is thirty
feet wide and twenty-eight .feet high
above the tracks. It is- 5130 feet in
length. The work was begun in May.
1S01 ..-' -. V-
Work Completed on the Big
Shaft Which Began Last
Year by the Great Northern
Special C«bl« to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright.. 1904. by tb« New York
Meraid Publishing Company.
MILAN, Oct. 26.— Contessa Gugliel
mlna MesconI of Verona was the vic
tim of an automobile accident last
evening near Peschlera.- She was re
turning home with her two daughters
when the driver made v a mistake in
steering, causing the -vehicle to over
turn.
. All of the ¦ occupants ¦ were injured r
Contessa Gugllelmlna ' Mesconi was
hurt, on -the head and. conveyed in -a
dying condition to the adjacent house
of -Major,.- Salma. Governor - of the
military prison. ...
Italian Noblewoman Carried' Dying
From the Scene of a Driv
er's Blander.
COUJTTESS THE VICTI3I
OF AN AUTO ACCIDENT
-;-- v ,- ; ;.v >".:.¦¦< ;. - ¦ ;\« .-¦"•'¦_• ¦'.'__•' ¦' ': - 'i - ¦ '
Embassador Powell; Clayton 'at, Mexico
City -denying Uhe;. circulated repqrt -to
.the, effects that? President Diaz proposed
to visit the United States during ' this
year.
1-vThe .following :qfflcers .were - then
elected: - ; President, -Thomas ) B. Wilcox k
Portland," Or. ; vice presidents— Generai
John -W. ; Noble,, St., .Louis; ' Samuel
Newhduse, ; Salt ;Lake ; < M. :; j. . Saunders j
New; Orleans ; -Dr. 1 T. : : C. ;¦ Fraaier,^ Coffey
ville,- Kahs. ; ' secretary, Arthur F. Fran
cis,"^ Cripple"; Creek",; Colo. ';.
F. a B.'Thufber.of New^York," president
of |the ted % States I Export .Associa
tion, "made £an " address -i on
Labor and the General Public.'^: He ' said
ih ; part:-i":'r."-,'p,v'-';=v":./- I'J; :: :, :V
, ¦¦¦.-.' VThe'i public is beginning ,to' under-
Btand J that s there i may; be"; labor. • trusts
as as t capltal^trusts.>>j Only^that
which^ Is J reasonable^ can ' last ! and : the
publiCxi is i getting * tired \ of < the unreason
able-demandsiof; organized tlabor,-, which*
represents 'less* than one-flfth of all* the
labdr^in!the:UnHed5States.?^*'C . - ;
£; At brief ', address kwas I made / by,. John
HenfyiSnilth of.SaltlLake City onlL'The
Sugar; Beet; Industry." '- _ . :,; '
Jij congress 'j adjourned . until JVto
mbrrowimornins. ; "'Z&ftvZgsgimgSt
vv'NEWiYORK,;Oct.'26.— Thepresen
tation of evidence by the; defendant
companies 'in the hearing on the, com
plaint v of :• William . R. -Hearst ?; against
the ' anthracite; coal "carrying; roads, al
leging, collusion' in charging ¦ excessive"
and'extortiqn ini prices,! was. begun be
fore-the ' Interstate Commerce ." Com
mission. to-day. ;
Coal Roads Present , Evidence.
LARGE TUNNEL
UNDER SEATTLE
: Fank J. Symines, Esq., P ; esident [Merchants' Association. San , Francisco-
Dear, Sir: The : Board^of Election {Commissioners begs , to acknowledge receipt
your communication of October. 25^and to state in reply that the .usual ade
quate'pfecautibns have already been taken to , purge the .Great' Register of
false registrationsT'andto safeguard the ballot against illegal voting , that
might in th'is way occur.; ! : .Y.:< %
' The.Electlon^Commissloners have already .detailed a^ deputy registrar to
the lodging-houses you enumerated,* and will ' take pleasure in transmitting his
report '. to you within ; a few daysV.iWith ; the • aid of city, .detectives, who axe
familiar with the Chinese," the'sarne course, will Jbe pursued In the matter of
Chinese ¦ registrations. '--I; am' directed by; the ] Board • of Election 'Commission
ers to state ; in this connection] that special precaution has been taken in the
matter of the Chinese voters. ; All the Chinese iwho have registered ! have been
¦required;' toapply, at the' Registrar's office, \ so • that" the responsibility* for ac
cepting such registrations might < be narrowed down.' Every Chinese has been
i carefully catechized "and a .vast ; number » have been rejected • In consequence.
In'this manner the'Board of Electibn^Commlssloners. has. endeavored -to em
ploy every, possible means to keep^the. registration within legal bounds.
i I will, take 'pleasure in transmitting; to you a report which will show what
headway, we have been able", to 'make in the matter of checking up names, such
as you submit. . .-, , .. :. 1^9
l:inclose to, you herewith the: blanks which are used. by deputy registrars
in -examining lodging-house keepers and checking up registrations from ques
tionable piaces?|jg||3j}|j&|£®By0! ffiEHm^W8BWHWBB8BH
I beg to remain your obedient servant. GEORGE P. ADAMS,
<¦ ' , / - r^^&t Registrar of Voters.
• Registrar George P. Adams and the Election Commissioners, acknowl
edging 1 . the receipt of the important communication from the Merchants*
Association, which was ; published 1 in yesterday's Call.'give assurance that
Immediate steps wiU'be taken to cancel • false registrations. The associa
tion is 'jtlso assured • that diligent ) inquiry ; will . be : made ' in t the matter , of
Chinese registration. Following W the text of Registrar'AdamsMetter to thio
: president; of Uie Merchants'; Association: " ;
Department of = Elections, : ', Office of; Registrar of Voters, . City Hall, San ' Pran
,:Slciac6.\Oct^2S.' ,¦}¦.:'¦ • \ : ';- : .,". ¦' - . ". ;
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— The absolute
defiance of Miss Elizabeth M/Horan,
when requested to-day to bring before
Commissioner Lee letters written to
her by Miss Marion Warren after the
alleged suicide of' Miss. Dolbee* was
the. sensational development in the
hearing in the action to break the will
of Miss Dolbeer.-. '
The existence of these letters is a
startling surprise : to . the attorneys of
both sides. Their discovery, . It is be
lieved, will change the whole plan of
battle and - upon them . will ,. hinge : the
right to nearly two million dollars.
The attorneys for Miss .Warren will
oppose their introduction Into court.
To-night Lawyer O'Reilly tele
graphed to San Francisco to have the
Superior Court of - that city, before
which the final . trial . of the , case is to
be held, -appoint a. special commission
to examine the letters." . :
Registrar Adams Writes to Merchants'
Association Promising Quick , Action
Special Dispatch to Th« Call,
Refuses to Produce Letters
Written by Miss Warren
After Miss Dolbeers Death
. TACOMA, -Oct. 26.— Philip Tuckart
regrets now • that " he told his '.¦ relatives
last Sunday; "where' he kept 53000- in
gold, his savings . . for many ;. years,
buried beneath* his house. ..Yesterday
he discovered that .a sack containing
nearly ' $1000 .was missing and four $20
gold \ pieces ' scattered in his I back | yard.
.To-day Yuckart had . Conrad • Lund and
Jacob •; flarget,'- two' relatives, -^ who
formerly- lived in the house adjoining
his, ; arrested
; Last Sunday Lund visited" Yuckart.
During, the visit the- latter told him
,where'he;kept his money and advised
Lund to- provide a similar safe place
for his V savings. Yesterday ¦: Yuckart
had occasion to visit the house-recently
vacated by Lund,' next door to his own.
Ke! was surprised to find an - opening: in
the'; floor;; with a" tunnel leading^ under
bis 'own-: home.3 'An .investigation re
vealed" that i I one i of his sacks of fgold
was missing. : ; In'; carrying it away 'four
twenties : had; dropped- out. -^ YuckaVt f at
once; swore . out '¦' a warrant for -Lund
and ; Harget. ¦ : ; r
¦ .-During ; the ? boom days Yuckart lost
"some money in a 2 bank, which led to his
depositing his money beneath his house.
"I have hope,' V said Dr. ; Parks, "that
we have buried i this agitation,, if,- not
forever,' at : least . for , this generation." f
NEW. YORK, Oct. 26 4 — "Practically
there will be no remarriage of divorced
persons in the future in the Protestant
Episcopal church in this country." .
This statement was made to members
of the Church Club, to-night by ; Rev.
Dr. J.- Lewis Parks. .Dr. Parks ' was -on
the committee on" canons of .the 'house
of deputies, and he '; was- one of those
who opposed the broad proposition that
none who had been divorced should be
remarried by, a clergyman of the fafth.
"1 wish to -.tell you that we^ofrthe
committee were unanimous in our opin
ion of the . terrible : evil of divorce and
of the resultant scandal Jn the church.V
said he. , "We were determined that if
there was any feasible way to minim
ize the evil of divorce we would do] it"
... 1; Df: Parks c told ; how ; . an application
for. remarriage on ; the part of an inno
cent party in . a i divorce - suit '". must • be
sent to ; the :j Bishop, with; satisfactory
proof arid the decree and records of the
court where divorce suit was tried." He
must have a lawyer's advice and then
must certify Jn writing. that there is no
bar .to marriage., -.- : . ,;. . ;¦ v '
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Close Watch on Registration
At a late hour to-night announce
ment was made by George M. Key
nolds, vice president of the Continental
National Bank, that his bank had pur
chased : the National Bank or North
"America, of -which Isaac N. Perry, 13
president. Reynolds made no statement
as to the details of the transaction.
charge that Isaac. N. Perry president
of the National Bank of North America,
had become the owner of the , property,
through sales under bankruptcy pro
ceedings; that he had proceeded to
manipulate -the books and inventories
for the purpose of making a largely
increased showing as to the value of
the plant; that he had ordered the In
surance, then about $100,000. to be in
creased to $200,000; that he had ordered
all the cars, locomotives and other
property of the company *¦- K e stored
within the shops; that he had suc
ceeded in obtaining access to the' shops,
alor.e and unaccompanied, upon a Sun
day afternoon, and that within an hour
thereafter flre had broken out In four
of the five buildings and resulted In th»
destruction of two of them."
"The charges against me seem to
have been raised for the purpose of In
juring my reputation," said President
Perry this afternoon. "They may have
come, from men who wanted to rule or
Vufn the car. company, and .who had
failed in their attempt at the former. .1
can conceive of no other motive for the
attack upon me. There is a&solutely
no way in which I could profit by the
destruction of the property. The In
surance money, when , paid, will go to
the company and not to the bank, or
me. Our - interest will be best served
by the preservation of the property,
not by Its destruction." - a . . -"
Special Dispatch to I Tb« Call.
CHICAGO BANKER ' WELL KNOWN IN THE WORLD OF FINANCE. AND ATTORNEY REPRESENTING THE MUNICIPALITT.
'. ' WHO HAS* MADE A -SENSATIONAL STATEMENT CONNECTING- HIM WITH A RECENT FIRE. WHICH IS DECLARED
TO HAVE BEEN OF INCENDIARY ORIGIN. . ,
FUR WITNESS
DEFIES COURT
Taconia Man Has Relatives,
to Whom He Had Confided,
Arrested for the Crime
Episcopal Clergyman Says
This Is the Practical
Effect of the # New Canon
NO MARRIAGES
OF DIVORCEES
THIEF TAKES
BURIED COIN
Lucky Owner Will Be Presented
'¦.-, With $275,000 by Millionaire ;¦
C. H. Lithgon.
Special -Dispatch to The Call.
NEW ,YORK, Oct. 26. — Numerous
"Mrs. Austins"' turned up to-day to
claim ;'. $275,000-- held by the Spokane
millionaire. C. H. Lithgon. . Worthless
mining stock has become valuable, and
a ''Mrs. Austin" who;dld not" sign her
full name to the transfer papers is
being sought by Lithgon.
. Mrs.;L.- E. Austin of 120 West; Forty
first street believes she' has been tagged
by fortune and is the Woman for whom
Lithgon is .looking. She comes from
California;* and for. many, years was in
terested: in [. .Western, mines. She has
been t the mining country."
having' ; 8pent."sov^ral_ : vearsf prospect-.
JnK.tijSJhfi. Jias,/' tw<V br±>£hcr'«j '¦>.. who ' are
minlns >thgine."er8Tiinythe '}We*t;Y i (rom"'
whom she - has : tori five years,
r 3 Mrs. Austin! says that she now .-holds
considerable stock in mines which .were
once said to be ; , worthless, .but which
might now be .worth a fortune. • ¦- '
"For forty years the thumbscrews
of legislation, rack of the courts and
straitjackets of society have failed
to coax, force or surprise from Stand
ard Oil any other answer, than 'We'll
se€ the American people Jn hell before
we will consult them about our busi
n*Bs.'" ¦
"This is a reply to the statement,
'Standard Oil Company does not as a
company do certain things.'
"During the past thirty years there
has gene up to him who rights all
uroncs from the countless thousands
•who have been robbed of happiness and
h«pe by the most brutal of all human
instruments, 'the system.' a piteous
wail, how long, oh,- Lord, how long?'
"In a single business proclamation in
the press of the world this morning
corrs*»5 the answer, "No longer, no
longer"
"After the first chapter of my article,
Henry H. Rogers bolted for " Europe,
and it Is an open secret that he bolted
on the advice of active - Standard Oil
men to avoid an open rupture with
John D. Rockefeller. The latter did all
the talking and broke a forty years'
silence, and dictated the statement
v.hich this morning Etartled the busi
ness world. Standard Oil officers re
signed — temporarily — before this state
ment was issued.
"I keep closely In touch with 26
Broadway. I used to for gain, but I
&e now. since my story began, for
safety. The word was passed before
yesterday's meeting that 'John D. Is
furious and something % is going to
drop.' Wall street and the financial
¦world know there are 'two Standard
Oils.' But to the public there is no
clear distinction between Standard Oil,
the corporation which deals in oil, etc..
and Standard Oil. the great indefinite
system which sometimes embraces all
the Standard Oil group of individuals
and corporations and sometimes only
certain individuals. •
•And yet, which I have since the St.
Louis convention many times stated.
Judge Parker's nomination was se
cured entirely through the efforts of
•Pat" McCarren. who has for years
boen in the employ of "Standard OH'
and Henry H. Rogers. My authority
lor,ihis etatenvsat-ls;Henry..H.:JBo£>irs
larrwilt the Standard
Oil's action yesterday, I repeat* all I
have before stated in regard to .these
people's operations in business and in
connection with the pfesent campaign.
LawEon exposes their evasions and
declares that John D. Rockefeller sees
the handwriting on the wall and is now
genuinely frightened, that the disinte
gration of Standard Oil is beginning
and t!.=t the official statement given
out yesterday is the first ri i of totter
ing.
Taking their statement that "that no
oi..-~r of the Standard Company has
taken a part in securing the nomina
tion of any of the cand: Jates for office,"
Lawson replies:
"This, of course, is a purely technical
denial, hinging upon what Is meant by
•has taken part in securing the nomina
tion.'
BOSTON, Oct. TS.— Thomas W. Law
eon, that eminent author of the
-Frenzied Finance" irticles, replies in
a long statement to-night to the Stand
ard Oil broadside of yesterday, in which
the Rockefeller people deny their con
nection with Parker's campaign and
their dabbling in copper, gas and steel
matters.
late ; r Kea tin g and ; o ne ¦ o t ' h $ s eons
perished"4t sea' when &! steamship went
down on » this ' coast *'a ; few; years \ ago.
He left »to the widow a vast "/estate in
Chile, mines and other property ¦ in
Alaska and.," British :^ Columbia, and
leagues of fertile soli with ocean front
age in Southern California. "
LOS ANGELES, \ Oct. 26— Mrs. JIsa
bella Keating of, Bonita Meadows, ~ a
widow possessed of a fortune estimated
at two to five million dollars, and. with
half a dozen grown children, to-day
became a bride for the second time.
In the little Catholic church at: Santa
Monica she was led to the marriage a.\
tar by Isaiah H. Smith, young. enough
to be her son, and a poor man. • Fifty
Spanish and English speaking specta
tors watched Father Hawe' unite De
cember and May, but. there was present
none of the relatives of either the bride
or the groom. '¦ '_' J
Two closed carriages drove hurriedly
to the church and the bride and a few
friends alighted and entered. She was
attended by. her lawyer, George • H.
Hutton. After a rather- long wait the
door suddenly opened and in ; rushed
a young man, who, with nervous stride.
walked up the aisle and took a seat
beside his bride-to-be.
The ceremony finished, Father Hawe
and the attendants extended congrat
ulations. The wedded pair walked
down the aisle, the groom a mute spec
tator to the congratulations offered his
bride. As the. outer, door , was reached
there was a shower of rice, the couple
were . handed into a carriage and
whisked away . to :Bonita c Meadows,
where a = banquet was spread, to, a few
friends.'..! _. '__.;; ¦^Zl.^^XJ.UV '':¦'¦' j*^-i>\
The unofficial celebration promises to
equal in picturesqueness the outbursts
of enthusiasm and the good-natured
jostling of the high born and more low
ly for which. New. York, is famous on
election nights and New Year's eves. ¦
The City Hall has been. turned over to
the i Hanid 1 Transit commissioners - for.
the* aajy~and- to-trfebr- th» oh*- bu I W tmr
is gay without end wjthin with bunting
and flags.; Charles :V.*Foriies,\ president
of. the Board of Aldermen,' will open
the proceedings, and after a prayer by
Bishop Coadjutor Greer he w-111 intro
duce Mayor McClellan. The Mayor;
William Barclay Parsons, chief en
gineer of the Rapid Transit " commis
sion; Alexander E.' Orr,\ its president;
John.H. Starin, Its vice president; John
B. . McDonald, • chief, contractor ' of I the
subway, and , August Belmont, presi
dent of the Interborough Rapid Transit
Company, will make addresses. Arch
bishop Farley will pronounce the bene
diction. .
Immediately following the starting of
the train by the Mayor there will be
formal exercises in the ' Aldermen's
chamber of the City Hall, but the real
celebration will be that of the many
thousands who will throng the trains
between 2:30 and 6 o'clock on special
invitation of the Interborough Rapid
Transit Company, and of the still more
numerous and . probably more demon
strative thousands who' will; seize the
first opportunity after 7 o'clock to pay
their nickels for little green lights when
the road is thrown open to the general
public-
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— With a silver
key Mayor McClellan will turn the elec
tric current into the motors of the
"first train" in the subway at 2 o'clock
to-morrow afternoon, and with the first
tremble of the mechanism the day of
rapid transit, so long awaited by New
York, will have dawned. Bells will ring
and whistles will blow from Harlem to
the Battery.
Holdings Supposed, to Be
|;|W|rthlesslSiidtey-
Gain Value/
Epaclal Dispatch to The Can.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wedding Takes Place in Santa Monica
and Couple Quickly Hastens
to Bonita Meadows.
Characterises as Purely Technical
Correction's Denial That It Caused
Parker's Nomination, it;
Mgor. McClellan Will Turn on the
Electricity and a General Jubi
lation Will Follow.
California Woman
Claims Spokane
rOriuilGt
Declares That Standard
Concern Is Tottering
to a Fall ,«
City Prepares to Welcome
Rapid Transit on a •
Large Scale.
Led to the Altar by Isaiah
¦¦E Smith, Who Is
Rated Poor.
Mrs. Isabella Keating
a Bride Once
Tnomas W. Lawson
Answers Rocke
feller.
ENRICHED
BY SHARES
IN A MINE
First Train Will
Be Started
To-Day.
SAYS THAT
OIL KING IS
FRIGHTENED
RICH WIDOW
WON BY A
YOUNG MAN
NEW YORK'S
SUBWAY IS
ALL BEADY
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 140.
. iTHE WEATHER.'
Forecast made at "San .Francisco for
thirty hoars endlrg- midnight . Octo
ber f 27:
Bin Francisco and vicinity— Oondy
Thursday^- Trtth for la the .morntnjr:
tight southeast wind, changing to'west
erly. '
A. Q. MxAPIE, District Forecaster.
ALCAZAR— "The ,"Wllderae««."
CALIFORNIA— "Fritz anil, SnttJ.". .
CENTRAL— "Paul Kainrar." '
COLUMBIA— "San Toy."
CHUTES— Vaudeville."". "
GRAND— "Arlxona." -
MAJESTIC— •'When TVe were Twenty.
;. One.".- Matinee to-day.
ORPHEXJM— VauderiHe. Matin** to
day. -
TTVOLI — "Der Ra»t«ltilnder."
THE THEATERS.
san francisco; Thursday^ i904:
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
NOTED FINANCIER INDIRECTLY ACCUSED OF ARSON
The San Francisco Call.To ;Cure Ja"'c6ld "in ; One Day
Take % Laxative ¦ Bromo <¦. Quinine -'.Tablets.' :' AH
druggists ; refund 'the money \t*\V falls to cure.
E. J > W.l Grove's ; signature U on each box.-: 23c. •
-Jr NEW YORK, : Oct .26.— Lieutenant
Governor] Higgins spoke here , to-night
at ; a mass meetings held C in Cooper
Union . the ; auspices : of s the - Re
publican:: Colored ? Club '¦;¦ of \ Ne w,- .York
clty.y; The - large ; auditorium * was , filled
t with > an T audience," composed almost
entirely^of hegroes.1 a' large
of f them^elng; women. iHigglns,' said:
;-Tlie Democratic party counts the negTO repre
sentation, but ' denies - him | the right I to partici
pate in the choice of his representatives. Sat
frape is' V>»in«r established throughout the Solid
South." so i that the whites now , exercise greater
political i power.- than « tn : slavery,, days, - when
only; three-fifths of ;the * masters' • chattels" were
counted ; for representation.^ This ¦ Is - unust. ¦ not
only to 4 the -, negro who i loses ; hii \ vote in the
South.-; but ; also ' to" the 5 voter * In ,: the s North. •¦
whose ¦ vote ; Is \ relatively ; reduced : In t weight. -
NEW YORK ELECTION WAGERS.
NEGROES GREET HOGGINS.
: J ; MARYSVIL.LE, Oct. I 26.-^-Congress
man ::: Theodore A. h Bell ;• addressed a
me.eting 4 here ¦ to-night. Governor
Pardee and Attorney General :-* Webb
will .close: the Republican campaign
here to-morrow. ... .¦:¦¦¦•
Bell Speaks at 3Iarysville.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26. — Judge Par
ker's programme and speaking Itin
erary until election clay have been
completed. He will speak in three
States — New York, New Jersey and
Connecticut — and in addition there
have been arranged receptions in his
honor in this city and Brooklyn. .
Will Speak In Three States.
; NAPA, Oct. 26. — A Democratio ral
ly was Jield to-rnight^ at '-. the opera
house in Napa. Former Congressman
Thomas -Geary was 'the principal
speaker. The meeting was preoeded
by a large parade. :C. B.;Trower, an
attorney of Napa, / acted as chairman
of the meeting and made a brief ad
dress on ' the issues 1- of t the ; day. ; , Ex-
Congressman Geary discussed in detail
the record of Congressman Bell of the
Second District . >
Democratic Rally In Napa.
NEW YORK, Oct. ,26. — One of the
interesting developments in the "elec
tion betting -io-day: was the: specula
tion as to pluralities in :this State.
Kven money was wagered, that Presi
dent Roosevelt would carry, New York
State by 50,000. -- It is estimated- that
about $8000 was put up on this prob
ability. Alien JlcGraw & >Co. and
Sheffield'. & Co. were 'among .-the large
bettors.-.. .'.There .was no I change :• in . the'
odds ¦ on . the X contest : at ; large. . Presi
dent Roosevelt continued a 1 to 5 fav
orite and several small bets were made
at that figure. '
Most of , the bets in '\ the , contest be
tween Judge; Herrick ; and - Lieutenant
Governor, Higgins i were ' made ' at ; 1 0 a to
9 on the latter." : W.? MarceTbet* $5400
to; $6000 oh t Herrick.: ¦ He ; had : J10.000
j to_wag»»r. at evens' that f Judge' Herrick
•Lwould win.' •- *
HANNIBAL, Mo., Oct. 26. — Senator
Fairbanks to-night concluded a hard
day's work of campaigning with a
speech to enthusiastic thousands In
Hannibal. During the day his special
train traversed the entire State of Il
linois, the first speech being made In
Decatur and the last one in Griggs
ville. At nightfall the train crossed
the Mississippi River and entered
Missouri.
The largest and most Inspiring
meeting of the day was in Springfield,
where the Senator referred eloquently
to the memory , of Abraham Lincoln.
He also reviewed the events of tha
past year in connection with the Pan
ama canal.
Senator Fairbanks Crosses Mississippi
River' and Is Now In Missouri.
SPENDS ARDUOUS DAT.
WATSONVILLE, Oct 26.— Despite
counter attractions Congressman
Needham drew a greater crowd than
could 'get Into ' Kennedy's Hall to
night, many being. turned away. .This
was the first meeting of the Republi
can campaign here. The size of the
meeting and the enthusiasm mani
fested; make it certain that Needham
will receive a tremendous vote from
this section.'. Congressman Needham
was accompanied by Seward A. Sim
ons,,a v well known New York orator,
who delighted? the audience with his
criticism, of the Demlcratlc platform
and ; the » speeches of Judge i Parker.
• Besides Needham- Senator. S. H.
Rambo and Assembly Candidate
George . C Cleveland made - strong
speeches and were cheered at the con
clusion of the meeting. After the ral
ly; Needham was kept at the hall half
an hour shaking hands. Many Dem
ocrats him their support.
DEMOCRATS FOR NEEDHAM.
Gives Cause and Time of His Depar
' ". ture for Manila.
The efficacy and the power of truth
was well demonstrated last evening at
Occidental Hall, Third street, near Fol
sbm, when Julius - Kahn, Republican
nominee for Congress in the Fourth
District, nailed a ; falsehood circulated
by his enemies in a futile effort to in
jure his candidacy. And when he had
Completed his remarks the whole audi
ence, a portion of, it hostile at first,
was with him and by Its cheers attest
ed its confidence in his veracity and its
condemnation of his accusers.
The crowd .that: assembled in Occi
dental Hall was an unusually large one
for a district meeting. It was presided
over by William J. Harrington, chair
man of the Republican campaign com
mittee of the Twenty-eighth Assembly
District, who called the meeting. Bar
ney Conlon acted as secretary and ar
ranged the list of speakers to the satis
faction of all. Prior to the arrival of
Mr. Kahn, James L. Oliver, C." N. Van
Fleet, . Frank A. Markey, • Republican
and Union Labor nominee ' for the Sen
ate ' In ' the - Seventeenth . District, and
William J. Mindham, Republican', and
Union Labor nominee for the Assembly
in "the Twenty r eighth District, ad
dressed the audience, all being warmly
received.
KAHN NAILS A LIE.
" ." Just as - Mr. Mindham concluded his
address Mr. Kahn entered: the hall, and
as '¦ the : audience was impatient to hear
him he waa Immediately introduced. He
lost no : : * time k In preliminaries, \ but
launched - right out ; after his ; accusers,
saying in -part:
I always make it a rule never to say any
thing I cannot prove. -This, however.-. I find is'
not the rule of those that are seeking by means
of malicious falsehoods ; to injure my candi
dacy. Lately I have seen in one of the papers
that same old, threadbare lie to the effect that
when the . teamsters' strike . broke . out I sailed
away to Manila, turning my back, on my fellow
men In trouble. That this Is a deliberate- lie
I can prove and will prove here to-night: :
<¦: = When ' I " left "Washington ; President VWilllam
McKlnley Informed ; me : that a number of Con
gressmen were going to . the Philippines to In
vestigate conditions there. He said, ha would
like to have as many members of Congress go
to the Islands as possible and requested that I
Join my associates In this trip; .«, In, April of
1901 i the War > Department lnf ormud me - that ¦ I
could sail to the Islands on any of thu outgoing
transports," and requested that I inform the de
partment of my pleasure." . .
«-.' Before I could arrange to go, however," I was
informed that President S McKlnley and • promi
nent citizens of Ohio were coming to this city
and that all would participate in the launching
of . the battleship v Ohio s at the : Union Iron
.Works: 'A- They , arrived :. in this i city on , May ' 9
and during : the : President's stay . in ' the ' city—
a I stay .which was : prolonged • by .the illness of
his beloved r wife— I remained here,' doing what
1 1 could ¦ to assist . the ci tlzens : In' extending .him
every i possible j courtesy. . ; U Late ; in .'¦ May ¦ th«
Prtsidential party left for. the city of ..¦Washing
ton.; -.-.'¦ ¦ - : • •.¦ '¦ ' ¦-¦..; ¦/¦-..--,.
IS "AGAIN {DELAYED.
'•¦: As soon as they, departed \ I learned that the
Congressional Committee : on : Rivers and Har
bors was coming to California : to - investigate
conditions v here/i Learning ; this,- : I remained
here to assist the committee ; in Its labors and
1 went * on i the \ excursions j of ; this j committee
through ,the i river ¦¦ regions. . ; On ;' June v 24 this
committee ; departed [ for the north,*, and on the
following ' day, June , 26.* I sailed ' for Manila ' on
the * transport t Hancock. On : July r 16. , twenty
three days after; I sailed for Manila • and after
I had arrived at my destination, the teamsters' •
strike broke out. .: I f. was i six s thousand miles
away, from hero and yet ¦ the' ridiculous [ charge
KAHN NAILS A FALSEHOOD.
Senator Charles Shortridge then In
troduced the State Senatorial nominee,
Edward "Wolfe, who made an earnest
and telling speech. He told of the work
done by former Assemblyman Arthur
G.\ Fiak »at; Sacramento and predicted
that the present nominee,- Fred Jones,
would be equally as capable. He then
paid tribute to the great Presidents of
the Republican party. He reminded his
hearers that if elected he would be the
senior - Senator at Sacramento, a posi
tion that could not be obtained by the
election of his youthful opponent.
• Here Senator •, Wolfe's remarks were
interrupted by the. arrival of E. A.
Hayes. .The. cheering. outside had be
come deafening, and as the candidate
entered ¦-. the hall the band struck up
•'Hail to the Chief," while those pres
ent ; Joined ', In the welcome. .
¦i At ; the ; conclusion of Wolfe's speech
the chairman introduced E. A. Hayes.
Mr. Hayes waa greeted with three
times three and won his auditors from
the : start. - He : dwelt at great length
upon the question of protection, ex
plaining it carefully and patiently and
incidentally making several points that
were quickly, appreciated. He explained
the conditions of the country under
Democratic and Republican rule and
declared that he knew the conditions
Fred Jones, candidate for Assembly
man from the Thirty-seventh District,
Recounted the work of the party in the
past. He quoted figures and trade
statistics and urged strongly the care
ful guarding and increasing of the Ori
ental trade of this city.
After a quartet selection the pre
siding officer, W. J. Ruddick, introduced
the first speaker. Colonel C. W. Kyle,
who spoke of the work of the United
States in the Philippines and the dis
position of the islands. He told of the
administration's Panama canal his
tory and the brilliant achievements of
President Roosevelt.
The Republicans of the Thirty
seventh Assembly District met In force
last night in Devisadero Hall. 317 De
visadero street, and extended a hearty
welcome to E.- A- Hayes, Republican
nominee for Congress from the Fifth
Congressional District. State Senator
Edward Wolfe of the Twenty-first Sen
atorial District was also heartily
cheered. Fred Jones, nominee for As
semblyman from the Thirty-seventh,
came in for a hearty welcome.
Thirty-Seventh Tarns Out to Welcome
Republican Nominee.
A victory for our national tlokst will not b«
a victory for'Parker alone. It will b* a victory
for me as well, because I made my caaTue oa
imperialism four yean ago and stood then
where Parker stands now. If we ti only
overthrow ' the doctrine of Imperialism there
will be glory enough In the, victory I for all
of us.
HAMMOND. Ind- Oct. 26. — Bryan's
tour of Indiana ended at Hammond,
where an overflow meeting 1 was held
in addition to the regular one an
nounced. Here Bryan spoke as fol
lows:
As this la my last meeting- In t^<t»» tt1 . .m
the end of my tea days' tour of the Stats, 1
deslr* to oak* this farewell appeal to tbot*
who voted for me when X was a candidate!
Let no friends of mine hesitate about the sap
port of the tick at; let no friend of mine lmagla*
that he can help me by ooatributlag toward
tha election of Roo*ov»lt. Judg* Parker's
election will hasten e-»«ry reform la which I
am interested by ramoring from th« arena of
politics the questions which now dlTert puhllo
attention from economic and industrial prob
lems. President Roosevelt's election would (to
lay every reform in which I am interested by
keeping imperialism and kindred Issues before
the country, and none can tell what new Issues
his warlike spirit may compel na to meet dur
ing th* next four years.
Parker's Election Would Mean Real>
lzation of Xebraskan'3 Hopes.
BRYAX IN INDIANA.
GIVES HAYES HEARTY GREETING
Through i some powerful ; Influence. • the ;dls-
cordant' elements -were* brought j together', the.
fiery > Wllllame "i and • the ? belligerent;. Tinman
were satisfied ; ; the silver . people ¦ under. Bryan's
leadership ; appeared to love the ; gold , standard ; ¦
trusts lajighed, -j peace / and - harmony i reigned. <
For ' the i second i time -In th» a world's -f history
the lamb and ' the | lion I lay down together and.
on ! this • occasion •, as on .. the > former, * the t lamb
was on the inside. •* The : trusts - had ' triumphed i
Parker.;, though . himself. 1 as j Ii have : eaid,';? a 1
fairly ' good ; man, •; through ' the - infl uence« ; that ;
conspired In accomplishing bis nomination, had
become by, force of necessity the representative
of "• the -• unsafe 1 elements •: . that -J produced his
nomination;.' • Tied i hand J and; foot i to r thelr^ in-'
terests. »-" none > but i the 5. moneyed - power - .'can
hope s to - be benefited * by his \ success.--',,; To : him "
the ' patriotic i citizens of . 'America— the > masses
of nur; people— -those who ' live ¦ through' the n-
Eight and four years ago the central declara- j
tion of Democratic doctrine , was a. demand for
the "free and unlimited coinage of silver at
the ratio of 18 to 1," and the majority of the
delegates assembled at fit. Louis still believed
in that dootrina,* as. is evidenced by the fact
that the gold plank submitted to the platform
committee was defeated. - As the platform was
silent on - the money question, the power* rep
resented by Hill demanded . some \ expression In
favor of the gold standard and hence the tele
gram.- ¦ •»¦ - ! f '¦'''¦¦¦-. ¦ . ¦¦¦¦- ''_:¦¦ ¦:'. ¦.-¦•:
Quickly after came the commotion of which
we read. Hill ¦ affected f the '¦ greatest surprise.
Delegates rushed hither and thither; there was
rapid consultation and awful denunciation;
there was charge and promise; there fwas hope
and despair.'. The- scene that the convention
at this "time presented calls to mind the im
mortal lines of the poet, written In contempla
tion of the consternation produced In Belgium's
Capitol ¦ when .- the thundering of « the = enemy's
guns disturbed the ballroom festivities. >= .-
Up to this moment It . was thought all things
had bsen -. harmonized; it was , thought that
Bryan had been placated ;#lt was thought that
the free silver men had been .subdued, the gold,
standard :¦ men quieted, , the ; income •' tax ¦ people
put to: sleep, but upon the receipt of the tele
gram revolt . threatened. :- Bryan * was 'speedily,
summoned from V the bed where * his ¦ physician :
had directed him < to - stay. ."! Hill t begged, the
Belmonts . beseeched, -rTillman-- volleyed - i and
thundered,^ Williams harmonized, | Champ Clark
swore, 'i Hearst rejoiced, Bourke Cockran's; pri
vate ' car was ¦ switched at Indianapolis.. and
quickly speeded ' back . to ¦ the ; convention ' hall,
and trust magnates i got down on their bended
knees and tried to pray; : ~ — r •- --
• Upon this ' awful : scene - the shades , of- night
had ¦. fallen : the ; m> rtad eyes that peered from
heaven's, canopy were tear t dimmed; -behind" a
cloud - the moon ¦ withdrew ; in .- woe. v. - "
Pardee spoke of Roosevelt, as an un-
Bafe man for trusts and boodlers, but
a safe man for the people; not an aris
tocrat but a man of the people. He
dwelt at some length upon the life of
Roosevelt and .declared the President
an enemy of the trusts.
The Governor asked all to vote for
McKinlay for Congress in the Second
District and for the Republican nom
inee for the Assembly in this county.
He was several times interrupted by
applause and heartily cheered at the
close of his address.
Webb urged the election of McKin
lay for Congressman of the Second Dis
trict; dwelt upon his ability and fitness
and argued that as he would be in
entire harmony with the administra
tion and, the majority party in Con
gress he' would be able to render the
greatest measure of service to the dis^
trict and the State.
. Turning to national Issues Webb,dis
cussed at length the Philippine ques
tion and criticized the demand in . the
Democratic \ platform . that the . islands
be surrendered. Continuing he said:
David B. H.M's control and domination of
the St. Louis convention was absolute. The
Cxar of all the Hussiaa must have envied him.
Autocratic, dictatorial, cunning, his will pre
vailed and Parker was nominated. ¦. I , do not
claim for a moment that Hill acted for himself
alone; on the contrary, he was but the crea
ture in the hands of the aggregations of wealth
whose' schemes had been checked and thwarted
through Republican enforcement of anti-trust
lawa. •".--.¦-"¦'¦. v- ' ; '¦':¦ *"-" - :~ '¦ --¦¦' ' -
CHICO, Oct. 26.— Governor George C.
Farde,e was the principal speaker at a
Vig-'Re^uWicW'mxs'etlhg held here this
jevenfng- The other speaker was At-
Jtorney General U.S. Webb! Governor
frardee was at -his best and delivere'd
a stirring speech. The meeting was
lield in the open air in front of the
City Hall, the speakers talking from
the steps. Dr. Percy L. Hamilton of
Chlco presided.
Governor Pardee was the first speak
er. He referred to the years under
Grover Cleveland, which he said nearly
bankrupted all. The disasters of those
years fell alike on the just and" the un
just It would not have been so bad,
he added, had the hard times fallen
only upon those who voted for Cleve
land.
LAKEPORT, Oct. 26.— -Duncan E.
McKinlay concluded three days of
campaigning in this section with ' a
splendid : r*Uy at_the Ben venue Pavil-.
ion : j here : - to r night; ¦ Leaving Ukiah
Monday night he went to Willlts on a
special train and at once started to
drive to" Covelo, fifty miles: distant,
over mountain roads. > He spoke to a
large audience there,' making a splen
did impression. His explanation of
the Round Valley Indian land ¦ bill
was heartily approved by the people.
Immediately after the meeting at
Covelq McKinlay went back to Wll
lits, reaching there In time to catch
the : train for ,Hopland. From there
he came .here. He was accompanied
by Mrs. McKinlay, who was given a
reception by a committee of ladies.
At the meeting to-night McKinlay
was in splendid voice and made a
most telling address. . He took up the
system of trusts, fully explaining the
attitude of the Republican party and
its purpose to suppress : all unlawful
combinations. Republican sentiment
here Is very strong and the party lead
ers exflect to carry this county for
Roosevelt.
Ends Three Days of . Stiff Campaign
ing in Liakeport.
McKINLAY'S STRENUOUS TRIP.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STATE OFFICIAL WHO SCORED
METHODS OF THE PARKER MA
CHINE AT CHICO, LAST NIGHT.
The speaker closed with a reference
to the Republican candidate— his long
and efficient service in behalf of the
nation, declared that he had been tried
and proven true and showed by a re
view of his public achievements that
the claim that he is unsafe is un
founded- . ' -
wards of honest toll, may not look for .the
defense of their interests. They must look
elsewhere, and in looking elsewhere we find
that there Is another candidate for this high
office asking, the .suffrages of the American
voter. Let us now ask what influences 'united
In compelling the nomination ¦ of Theodore
Roosevelt
Carnegie's toast was drunk by all
standing and amid great applause.
The assemblage sang: "My Country.
TUr -* of~ Ttxme" - ana - ~«H»a . e» w . t£»<»
King."
Gentlemen. I give yon th« combined toast,
probably never proponed before — to the rular»
of the English-speaking race, h«tHri C them a*
potent apostles of peace. . i,,, u ¦
In both rulers w* have apostles of pea&t.
from whom further services may be expected la
the first, highest and noblest of all causes*—
that of purging the earth of its ftmlest stain
the killing of human beings by human being*
like wild beasts.
NEW YORK, Oct 26. — The annual
dinner of the Iron and Steel Institute,
which was also the official celebration
of the second meeting of the society
in America, was held here to-night In
the grand ballroom of the Waldorf
•Astoria. Along either side of the hall
the stars and stripes were intertwined
with the British national colors and
during the evening repeated reference
was made to the increasing friendship
between the two great English speak
ing countries.
Describing himself as an "humble
disciple of the mighty apostle of
peace," Andrew Carnegie proposed a
toast to President Roosevelt and Kins
Edward. Said he:
Carnegie Links the Names of Itoose
velt and Edward Til.
TOASTS PRESIDENT AND KINO.
About 100 members of the United
Independent Republican Club of the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District met
last night at Richmond Hall to fur
ther the candidacy of Edwin T. Mo-
Murray, their candidate for the As
sembly from that district William
Marvls presided. McMurray delivered
a speech to the gathering. A resolu
tion was adopted by the clnb Indors
ing. E. A.. Hayes, the Republican can
didate for Congress In the Fifth Dis
trict.
Independent Republicans Meet.
> 'At the American * Scandinavian Re
publican Club last night at the Knights
of the Red Branch Hall, 1133 Mis
sion street, Francis McNamara, the
Republican nominee for the Assembly,
got a cordial reception. The principal
object of the meeting was to give the
young candidate for the Legislature an
opportunity to appear before his nu
merous friends, many of whom have
known him since his childhood. In
this the managers of the American
Scandinavian Club succeeded beyond
their expectations, as the presence of
McNamara was a signal for great
demonstrations of welcome.
The Second 'District Is regarded at
committee headquarters as safe for the
Republicans. Gratifying reports are
received from every one of the twelve
counties of the district. The magni
ficent campaign o' Duncan McKinlay
enlists the enthusiasm of young men
and appeals to the judgment of old
timers. The stock men, wool growers,
hop producers, lumber men and others
interested in the industrial prosperity
of this Important" district have re
sdved that they shall be represented
In Congress by a man -who will uphold
the tariff. The State committee fig
ures that McKinlay's . majority , over
Bell will reach 2000. , '-
SIcXAMARA WELCOMED.
The popular ovations accorded to J.
N. Gillett the able and enterprising
leader of the north, give assurance of
Republican triumph in the First Dis
trict. Gillett is daily gaining strength
in the mining counties. The miners
have confidence in his ability and de
termination to secure legislation which
Camlnetti failed to obtain.
FIRST AND SECOXD.
There will be a joint meeting of
Thirty-first' and Thirty-second Assem
bly District Republicans at the Po
trero.Opera-house, 327 Tennessee street
The people of the Potrero will, have
the pleasure of listening to E. A.
Hayes, Julius Kahn, Senator Richard
J. Welch, candidate for re-election;
Jeremiah Lucey, nominee for the As
sembly in the Thirty-first, and P.
Boyle, candidate for th.e Assembly in
the Thirty-second District. A special
feature of the evening will- be an ad
dress by Senator Charles M. Shortridge.
At Silk's ; Hall, Precita avenue and
Mission street, the citizens of the
Thirty-third District will convene to
hear E. A. Hayes, John^ S. Partridge,
Senator Frank French, A. W. Leichti
and Frank J. Murphy, nominee for the
Assembly. . , - .
In due. time announcement will be
made of the Saturday night rallies. At
State committee headquarters, Palace
Hotel/there is complete confidence in
the ability of the Republicans to win
back the Fourth and Fifth Congres
sional districts, which were lost in the
election of 1902.
Three . Republican rallies in San
Francisco to-morrow (Friday) night
will enliven the Congressional cam
paign in the Fourth and Fifth districts.
Frank P. Flint of Los Angeles, Julius
Kahn, Frank A. Markey, candidate for
State Senator in the Seventeenth Dis
trict, and J. A. Cullen, nominee for the
Assembly, Twenty-ninth District, will
speak at Pidneer Hall on Fourth street.
thoroughly for the reason that he had
experienced them. He then discussed
shipping and trade with the Orient,
on which, he said, depended! a great
deal of the city's wealth. He spoke
earnestly against the admission of Chi
nese and Japanese and closed with an
appeal to the voters to support the
local Republican ticket In the coming
election. The meeting closed with a
thoroughly entertaining speech by Sen
ator Shortridse.
Yesterday afternoon Mr. Hayes Ti»
lted the railroad and street car shops
and met the conductors, grlpmen. ma*
chlnists and other employes. Evary
where he was received with, favorable
demonstrations.
In conclusion Mr. Kahn called upon
his auditors to. support the Republican
legislative ticket, "for," he said, "a
United States Senator must be elected
by the next Legislature and we want to
elect a Republican, that the Republican
policies for which we all stand shall
prevail and that Theodore Roosevelt
shall not be handicapped in his effort to
continue these policies in effect."
. Mr. Kahn's address waa. heartily
cheered by the audience, which gave
him the closest attention throughout
He was followed by John Cullen, Re
publican nominee for the Assembly in
the Twenty-ninth District and James
L. Gallagher, Frank H. Kerrigan and
D. W. Burchard, Republican nominees
for the Superior bench. Then, with
three cheers for the entire Republican
ticket, the meeting-disbanded.
Including that at Occidental Hall,
Mr. Kahn delivered five speeches yes
terday. At the noon hour he addressed
the employes of the Fulton Iron Works,
and in the evening he discussed the is
sues of the campaign with the members
of the Twenty-ninth Assembly District
Republican Club at 853 Howard street,
with the members of the Swedish-
American, Republican ' Club at ' 1133 .Mis
sion . street and talked at an open-air
meeting- at . Harrison and ; Chesley
streets^ 1-; t-' ¦"'
SPEAKS FOR LOCAL TICKET.
¦ As a member of the Judiciary Committee cf
Congress I helped frame and helped pass
through the House of Congress the antl-lnjunc
tlon bill; when I was Informed by the local
Musicians' Union that the Marine. Band was
going to play at the Pittsburg Exposition I
consented to champion the fight to keep this
band ¦ from Interfering with the union musi
cians of Pittsburg, although it was outside of
my district. I succeeded and the Marine Band
did not go to Pittsburg. On behalf .of the
coopers I . Interceded and assisted In defeating
a bill .'that would have taken many dollars
from them. On "behalf of the leather workers
of San Francisco 1 obtained . a contract from
the Government under the terms of which the
shoemakers of this city made 40,000 pairs of
shoes for the army. I obtained an appropria
tion of $1,500,000 from the Government for the
erection of a new custom-house where the old
postofflce now stands. This will give employ
ment to hundreds of San Francisco workmen
and they will get the most of this vast sum. I
obtained an appropriation * of J1CO.00O for the
construction of a lighthouse on Mile Rock,
and this will benefit many artisans of this city,
and it was through my exertions that the Chi
nese crew of the United States transport Han
cock was discharged and white men employed
in its place. 1 ask you, in all fairness, if this
Is nut something I have done for the laboring
men of San Francisco. (Prolonged applause.)
ls made that I sailed to Manila to escape be
coming involved in this strike. And even the
purpose of the lie Isr not apparent, because I
frankly admit that had I been here I don't
know, in view of the position I occupied — I
was not a local official — that I could have done
anything, but you may be assured that I
would have tried. (Applause.)
- Now, one more point. I challenge any man
in the United States to put bis finger on one
act of 'mine In Congress that was detrimental
to the Interests of the laboring men, and I can
prove to you ;hat while in Congress I did
many things In the Interest of laboring men
from which, they have had and will in the fu
ture reap great benefit.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26. — The crowd
at the Republican mass meeting in
Carnegie Hall to-niffht was bo large
that the doors were locked at 7:30
o'clock. At that time all the avail
able srace within the hall. was filled,
and several thousand people were
crowded about the entrance seeking?
admission.
John Hay. Secretary of State, who
made the first speech, was given an
ovation when he appeared. The band
played and flags were waved in every
part of the house, while the audience
cheered. ' . .. -
The audience rose as one man. when
the presiding officer characterized
President Roosevelt as a "man whom
all admire and love."
Great cheering greeted Secretary
Hay. Many times while he was speak
ing Mr. Hay was interrupted by ap
plause, and there was a great out^
burst of cheering when he finished.
Former Governor Black also spoke.
Secretary Hay's speech in part fol
lows: ;."-," ."".
This campaign will be memorable In our an
raU as one of th? qu'.etst ever known. Barely
in our recuTlecUon has there been eo little ex
citement, so alight disturbance of the orderly
course of affairs. Why is It that these great
assizes where eighty millions of people are to
decide in whose hands they are -to plar« their
interests for the next four years should be
approached with so Mttlf nclse, with such un
usual calm? Why is it that the American peo
ple are possessing their souls in such repose?
There is, I venture to say, no explanation
of this state or feeling, except that the people
or thin country have made up their minds that
there is to be for the preuent no change in
the principles and policies that have proved eo
s-uccffsful in the last ei^ht years. They bad re
solved definitely and clearly in 18JMJ that their
temporary aberration from the policy which as
Jong ago ae the time of Henry Clay was called
the American system had not resulted favor
ab!y. They intrusted William McKlnley with
Hit task of bringing the country. back to its
old bearings, of restoring the well tried ways
cf the naUcnal housekeeping. He showed hlm
telf wcrtiiy of their confidence. In four years
the country made great progress along Its reg
ular old fashioned lines of healthy develop
ment, and In 1900 when he gave an account of
fc.s »t~war.'fhlp the people approved it and
renewed hi« term of office. An unspeakable
enme snatched him away from his glorious
tftsw and our loving confidence. In the classic
tcyth when the golden bough was torn away
another immediately appeared in its place.
Theodore Roosevelt took up the burden our be
lovvd chief laid down and with incomparable
t-ourar* and Etrength has carried It on. With
the work nf both these faithful servant* the ',
Arriericfn people are eatlsQed. Believing and
Intruding that the work shall go on in the
hand* tnd under the guidance which hss been
icur.d eo efficient, they are not wasting so
much time u usual from their private affairs
to show an intencst which Is too universal to
need tr.uih advertising.
CANNOT BE TRUSTKD.
¦ The country cannot afford to intrust its
vast domestic Interests to those who denounce
•p extravagant and unconstitutional all money
*T*ni for the "general welfare." to promote
•fthich was one of the special objects of which
the constitution was brought into being. Do
*re want Vi give our gallant little army to the
care of those who think :it uught to be dis
banded, or our navy — which, under this ad
ministration.- lias carried our flag into so many
distant «-»b. sever on a wanton errand of hos
tility, but always as tfce friend of American
commerce and the protector of our citizens —
<3(» we want it handed over to the men who
»ay it ought to be thrown to the scrap heap?
Do -we want the Philippines abandoned to be
the victims of misrule at the hands of their
own acit&torc. or the prey of any covetous
power that may wish to enslave them for its
own profit? Do w» want to sneak out of the
Isthmus of Panama, acknowledge we have no
right thert. and bavely surrender the hope and
the- dream cf centuries?
But whatever the platform and the candi
dates may profess it is perfectly clear that the
vart proportion of the party. a> at present
organized, is epposed to the Republican prin
ciples set forth in our platform and avowed
by our candidates. They are opposed to the
fold standard; to protection of American In
dustries; to all our programme, foreign and
dcmeulic: and Oveir candidate. If he should
happen to" be elected, would be confronted
vith chaos at the very outset of his adminis
tration.
He has recently made a speech which would
be a very shut of N«sus to him if he were
«ver called en to carry his words Into action
He has, at last come to the point where he is
milling to say we must abandon the Phil
ippines. In his rpe*ch of acceptance he
acknowledged our responsibility for them and
said w« should give them self-government. His
friengi. In great distreu of mind, cried out to
him that that was the Republican doctrine
and that what he Intended to say was that we
had no responsibility Tor them and must give
them Independence. "Certainly, that was what
J meant," said the Judge — and he wrote some
thing like It in bis letter of acceptance But
even that *u not enough, and ten days ago
he revised his views again, and now declares
for the absolute abandonment of the islands
•».d.fer «ii Immediate proclamation of our in
tention to do so. Among the reasons he gives
for thifc reckless and ill-considered utterance
are some which show an incredible carelessness
of the farts.
He began by saving they have cost as $670,-
OOO. 000 ana an *normcus mm to keep them;
some put Jt as high as $50,000,000 annually.
Th^-truthr accessible to him and to everybody.
Is that they have cost not to exceed $189,000.-
OOO. and the annual disbursement on their ac
ocunt is about $5,000,000. He said further that
they fad cost us 200,000 lives, wherein he is
wronB to the extent of ebout 105,000. But
there s«-em« no limit to his ea«er "credulousness.
Rinre he pilt out -these feiry figures he has
b*>fird of Mr. Atkinson and has swallowed
without winking his grotesque estimate that
the islands have cost us 'twelve hundred mil
lions, and that the present expense of- them is
two hundred millions a year. He seems hyp
notized by these vast sums. Why should he
etop at millions and billions? 'We may reason
ably} expect' thai th>~ next' warning cry from
E*opus will 'be shouting- quadrillions . to ¦ a
startled world. He seems able to believe any
thing—all he asks Is that it shall be tnored-
Ujle. • • - - , .
S PARKER'S IRRraPOXSIBIMTY.
In this speech < the Democratic candidate
faa 8 given the measure of his knowledge of
large affairs, has shown bis lack of any sense
of responsibility, and " has Introduced another
clement of dcubt . and danger Into the prob-
Urns which would confront his administration
if he were elected.
It Is a misfortune for a party, as it Is for
an individual, to have no serious occupation,
for Satan finds mischief for idle bands. Be
cause they have absolutely no facts to bring
forward they have produced a fantastic variety
of fictions. I will not occupy your time by
recounting these rather Ignoble flights of
imagination. I will only refer to one class
of charges — those which ring the changes on
two words; the President Is "lawless" and
'"unsafe."
Every act of his which they qualify as
lawless has been done after careful study of
the law, after counsel with the best lawyers,
and ever}' one which baa been brought to
the test of the courts has been triumphantly
approved by our highest judicial authorities.
But we are told he is dangerous to the
peace of the world, he is a flre eater, ' a
war lord — he wishes to embroil us in a policy
of adventure. What does the record say? He.
and Ms predecessor have done more In the
interest of universal peace than any other
two Presidents since our Government was
formed. They have done more for. the cause
of arbitration than all the rest put together.
Ttiey have composed more difficulties by
friendly negotiation; they have settled more
questions that threatened our peace; they
have made more treaties and more mutually
advantageous ones than any other Presidents
in our history. •- ,
It sometimes seems a waste of time to meet
these "wild and whirling words" of calumny.
The men that utter them do not themselves
believe them. Each man of them knows very
well that be could wish no happier lot to his
boy in the cradle than that he might grow up
to be such a man as Theodore Roosevelt. If
some i weak-minded anarchist should take it
into his addled brain to adopt • the amiable
and chivalrous advice given the other day in
a public speech by an Alabama Congressman
and send President Roosevelt to join the equal
ly loved and maligned Lincoln and Garfield
and McTCinley, you know now what a pall of
iwww would spread over this country from
end to end: and not over this country alone.
for the shadow of that grief would sweep like
a sudden night around the world. . '
THE CUUSE OP PARTY SPIRIT.
It Is the curse of party spirit, especially in
times when the opposition has no great cause
t<> advocate, when there is no great Issue at
stake, that impels even honest men to tay
what they do not believe and to Incite dlsor-'
dered minds to dee4a which fill with anguish
the heart of a nation. ' >
1 read a while ago in the platform of the
Democrat* of< Massachusetts this reckless
charge ¦ against the President: .
"He has declared war against a .Bister repub
lic without an act of* Congress, In defiance of
the well-known usages of international law
and In the face of an adverse opinion from his
chief law adviser. It Is commonly believed."
Who. I may ask, believes It? Who is the
man gifted with the malignant credulity which
makes such belief possible? This is a model
campaign fiction, for every word In it is false.
The President has not declared war on any
nation. A declaration of war is a solemn of
ficial act, impossible except by a vote of Con
press. No such act ever took ' place. It may
be presumed the platform refers to the notice
riven to the hostile forces on the lBthmv that
they were not to fight on the line of the rail
road, which it was our duty to keep open.
But this was no war. and no declaration of
war; there was no defiance of our constitu
tion, nor of International law. The action of
the President was in the Interest of peace and
It was effective. Not a hostile shot has since
been fired on the isthmus.
And here Is the plain proof of It. In the
very same breath with which .ey accuse us
of beirx on the Isthmus as the result of vio
lence, robbery and treachery, .they propose
not only to stay there, but to go right on and
reap the fruit of our Infamy by building the
canal. There Is no talk of restitution, no sug
gestion of a national penance for transgres
sion. Nothing of the kind. They will enter
the house of sin which we have built — they
will eat of the fat and drink of the sweet,
rolling up sanctimonious . eyes and thanking
heaven they are not as those wicked Repub
licans.
LOYAL TO CONSTITUTION.
The Republican* can avow their adherence
to the . Constitution without hypocrisy and
without the labored emphasis of remorse. The
flr«t Kreat work of* the party was performed
in 1861. when with toil and struggle such as
we prey may never be necessary again they
saved the constitution from the . assaults of
the predecessors of the men who now . claim
exclusive charge of it, and who even to-day
not only acquiesce In Its violation In certain
States of the Union, but shamelessly profit by
It.
This extraordinary campaign is drawing to
a close. On the Mh of November the bickering
and confusion of tongues will cease. The peo
ple who have been filling the air with slander
of the man who has so well and so nobly
served the country, will recognise with grati
tude his excellent work," and will be glad they
are still to enjoy the benefits of It. The con
stitution cur great charter of public and pri
vate rlcnts, will be found Intact. The doc
trine of .protection.. given forth by Washing-'
ton and Hamilton, amplified and perfected by
the' experience of a century of trial,* will still
be available to fill our . treasury and to foster
our manufactures. The gold standard of cur
rency and our banking laws in the hands of
thote'wbo established them and who do not
have to protest' the sincerity of their' adher
ence to them will keep our finances firm as the
hills. . Th« principle of national ty, derived
front our * Revolutionary fathers and conse
crated by the blood and toil of the civil ' war,
will guard this Indissoluble Union of Inde
structible states against all atti^k from within
or without. The Atlantic and Vaciflc oceans
will still be equally the field of ftur trade and
commerce. Our possessions beyond the seas
will be governed with firmness and liberality,
with an ever- increasing measure of freedom,
"as they develop the faculty of self-control.- We
shall continue to treat' our ; sister reDubllca'of
tbls hemisphere at, , friends and ' equals, ¦ not
coveting their goods or, their soil, . desiring only
their trade and their friendship., Our relations
with the rest of the world will remalrf as they
have been In recent years— thoee of frank and
honorable amity with all, and ¦ entangling alli
ances with none. Our Ideal will be Justice ;the
desire of our hearts, to which the labor of our
hands will be devoted, prosperity and peace.' ¦
Men of New Tork!, will you allow it to be
I said that while the rest of , the country ' stood
by him ypu fell, away? When President
Roosevelt ascends the steps of the Capitol next
March, shall It be said that his mother State
has no part in his triumph? .If that shall be
so. yours will be the loss, not his. ¦
Confidence at Republican Headquarters That Party
Will Elect Eight Congressmen.
LECISLA TIVE CA NDIDATES
Cabinet Officer Declares That American
People Do Not Want Any Change. \
Quietest Fight in, Years
CITIZENS RALLY TO THE SUPPORT
OF HAYES AND KAHN
MAKES ABLE DEFENSE
OF THE ADMINISTRATION
SECRETARY OF STATE HAY ADDRESSES AN IMMENSE THRONG OF NEW YORKERS IN CARNEGIE HALL ON ISSUES OF THE PRESENT CAMPAIGN AND IS GREETED WITH ENTHUSIASM
THE; SAN'-ERANGISCO^GALt, THURSDAY,: OCTOBER:: 27;' 190tt:
Pardee and Attorney General U. S.
v Webb Flay the Deinocracy;
REPUBLICANS RALLY AT CHICO
2
n m . o o o i^j ;_, ' "_ 1 _ .
. • Dandruff Is s contagious disease caused by a micrebe!™ 1 "™™ 11 ™™™™ 1 "™
NEWERO'S HERPICIDE
¦ ¦ **w "f «OR!fflNALrsawdy tbafitUIi ftbeDsndrmiO«na.-
LIKE THE PARDON h "^ lfest i! ) " nuln « lnth » wn *«. *•
C3O1NG* ! • GONE ! !J
'_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL
Few Pecpl* Knew How Useful It IiiaPre-
tervirg Health and Beauty.
-'Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most' efficient
fllelnlectant and purifier In nature, but
few realize its value when taken Into
the human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose. • ¦
Charcoal Is a remedy that the more
you take of It the better; It in not a
drag at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present
in the stomach and intestines and car-
ries them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating
•nions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion. It whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect In the- stomach and bowels- it
disinfects the mouth and throat from-
tbe poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best'
charcoal and the most for the money Is
In Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they
are. composed of the nnest powdered
Willow charcoal, and .other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather in
the form of large, pleasant tasting loz-
enges, the -charcoal, being mixed with
honey.
The dally use of these lozenges will
coon tell in a much improved condition
of the general health, better complex-
Ion. : sweeter breath and purer ' blood
and the beauty of It is that no possible
harm can result from their continued
use. but. on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician In . speaking of
the benefits of charcoal says: * "I ad-
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients suffering fromgas in stomach
and bowels, and to clear the complex-
Jon and purify the breath; mouth and
throat; I also believe' the liver is great-
ly benefited by the daily., use of .them-
they cost but twenty-five cents a box at
Crug stores, and although in some sense
h patent preparation,- yet- \- believe I
r*t more and better charcoal In Stuart's
Charcoal Lozenges than in any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets/ -< ; .TOPEKA, Kans.^ 26.—Presi
dent • Ripley ; of /the /Santa , Fe ; arrived
he7e> to-night^on :*a: special ' train 'from
Chicago: v-.;HeI will /attend /they annual
meeting [of Ethel Santa 1 Fe ¦ stockholders
to-morrow, -': at which four, v ' directors
.will \ be 1 chosen.
• ; Concerning, the thatthe Har
irlmahv interests /.would . control :;the
meeting ; Mr. fRipley j said :>/ ._
:lt seems! now- that -the ; old "direc
tors will': be 't re-elected.",: However, I
am X not i in *¦ a >J position ; to '.» kno w. ; very
much fabout this matter.',^ If Harriman
has; secured 1300,000 t shares -of stock
underjalcumulatlve ' system,,^ which'; it
has been persistently lclaimed/he; has
ddne,'l. he iniay^be *i able"? to> choose Uwo
of 5 thef.directors.|v,However,'; 1} am of
the ;*6pinion"i. that? hejdoes 1 not I control
this much/ stock."> ;/ • \' : ':^'>j.
President of Santa; Fe Leaves
! f to 5 Attend Annual Meeting. ;¦;
RIPLEY AT/ TOPEKA.
f / PORTL/A.ND.* Ore.;; Oct. 2 6-^-Charles
>V.SWalton,ithe;boy -bandit,/ wasVcon-,
ylcted by.! a jury'to 7 night of attempted
robbery.' /On:? account!.; : ;of ?/ Walton's
youthfulhessiand *because- he| has al
ready been convicted; of murderous as
sault, tthe'Jury.'recomniended^ clemen-'
cy. ' On ; . September * 1U Walton,'*: while
attempting/ to rob '/at street car, - shot
and "dangerously .wounded -a .police
man." "'. ! - : .'> *',¦ :.'¦ '. .' ' . ¦¦¦-','.
Clemency for . Boy ¦ Bandit.
Russian Warship Disabled.
LONDON, Oct 26.— The trawler Prin
cess Victoria arrived at r Aberdeen, to
day.* She* reports passing -a 'disabled
Russian warship ¦ during the^ night' of
October . 21-22 { about •¦ forty miles < from
the place where the Hull trawlers' were
flred upon. The trawler hailed the war
ship,* but no answer was given.
HONOLULU COURTS GIVE .
3IURDERER SHORT SHRIFT
3Iay Formally Reqnest Powers' Per
mission for Its Passage.
LONDON. Oct. 26.— While there Is
no foundation, for the, rumor that re
cently emanated from Constantinople
• that the : Russian Government was ap
proaching the Sultan with a view of
obtaining his consent to the passage
of the Black-Sea fleet through *he
Dardanelles; Kussia is actually taking
steps to sound the other Continental
governments as to* whether ! any ob
jections would be ; raised by them in
the event of a formal request being
presented by Russia ., to the powers
Jointly for the removal of the • ihterna
tidnal restrictions' governing : the
paesage.of the Dardanelles.'
It-is obvious that, whatever may be
the replies of^ other governments" to
the Russian • inquiries. . itVould not be
possible at- the present Juncture of af
fairs in the Far East for Great Brit
ain to acquiesce, in such an arrange
ment. dSBRflBIHIBB.SBHMiHB
MAY TAKE O.V.HER GUNS.
Rumors Afloat .Reeardine/ Steamship
,-;¦: Empress ofj .Japan. . / r ' ;
yiCTORI A, t B.C^. ; Oct. 2 6^There Is
a rumor " among naval : ; offlcers/at • Es^
quimalt- to-night ;that:Grea.t^ Britain
has given Russia twelve hours to ' make
PortoRican Who lUlled; Banker S. E.
Damon September 26 ." Hanged ;/•¦,"
at Island' Port.
HONOLULU, . Oct. i 2 6 .—Jose - Miran
da, a Porto ; Rican, who was/ b rough t
here * as a ; plantation* .. iabbrer,;;;' was
hanged ¦ to-day for ' the : murder, on"; the
night< of September 26 /of u the ' well
known: banker,- S.E.-Damon.
Miranda stabbedUhe -.banker while
the ' latter was trying to j take from : him
a . lantern which he had ¦ stolen? from
Mr.rDamon's homei "
"The: quickness of the. trial and the
shor,t : time which ~ has ¦: elapsed between
sentence • and '• execution l: establish" a
precedent," as no case :; of *, the -kind has
ever, .been' completed in ::so', short 'a
period. BKBMIB^wlw'H*tlP*tfH™B
¦:• :t Miranda •^.wasV sentenced 5 by j Justice
Gear :of ; the * Supreme? Court |and^the
date » of Vwas ? fixed? by iGover-i
nor. Carter.. •v :^^SS^^WS6akSSSta!!i
CZAR NEEDS BLACK SEA FLEET
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26;— The army
general staff has decided to dispatch
American army surgeons as attaches
to -.the Japanese and Russian, armies
operating in the. Par East, providing
the consent of the authorities can be
secured. W§^h^>-
To Study. Japanese Surgery.
NEW, YORK," Oct. 26." — Neither
principals nor in~the ;New
York l public schools /are , to "> have '. the
privilege of enforcing obedience by! the
use of .the rod, ferrule or other Imeans
of l , corporal ¦ punishment. . A" proposed
amendment '.-• to the present r law "has
been > exhaustively discussed by I ' the
committee ' of. jt > elementary ; t /education
and -when put to a vote was defeated.*
Moral suasion,* itf was . decided,' is : the
only A up-to-date i method worthy* of
consideration. - !.
An Effort to Introduce Corporal Pun
ishment I-»aw in Gotham.
Schools Is Defeated. -
NEW YORK PARENTS BIUST
DO THEIR : OWN . SPANKING
CHEFU, Oct. 26.— The steamship
Hashing, which struck a floating mine
ncrth of Alceste Island last night had
a. narrow escape : from total destruc
tion. The explosion tore a great hole
in the port bow, : carrying away the
forecastle deck and . nine plates. -The
ship. was saved forward by, a; collision
bulkhead, which held secure and en
abled her to reach Weihaiwei to-day.
Great Damage ' to the Kaslilns.
General Sakharoff telegraphs that
there was no general fighting during
the night of October 25-26, but the Rus
sian sharpshooters harassed the Japa
nese during the night along the whole
front. * -
'A desultory artillery flre was main
tained all day long upon the front of
our right flank by both the enemy and
ourselves. On • the night of October 24
Russian volunteer sharpshooters am
bushed advancing Japanese outposts
and forced them to retire southward.
Another detachment recovered a Rus
sian gun carriage.
"On the Russian "center a detachment
drove back the Japanese advance near
the village of Yautchai, but upon -the
appearance of strong- Japanese rein
forcements the detachment returned to
the village of Shakhe after burying the
bodies of several Russians killed during
previous fights and .collecting large
quantities of arms and ammunition."
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 26.— General
Kuropatkin telegraphs that there was
no fighting of importance on October 25
He adds:
Advancing Japanese .Outposts Am
bushed and Forced to Retire.
SHARPSHOOTERS ACTIVE.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 26.— D. H. Me-
Mullen, a Tacoma lumberman, who ar
rived here to-day, from Omaha, says
that the ; order for 3,000,000 pounds of
meat received by an Omaha packing
company was given by the Russian
Government. He said:
"The beef must be shipped out of San
Francisco within' thirty -days. " There
were two Japanese agents in the pack
ing-house office at the time that the
Russians were there to give the order.".
• McMullen added that the; Japanese
also had given an order for meat at the
same tims.but on a smaller scale.
Three Million Pounds to Be Shipped
From San Francisco.
RUSSIA BUYS MESS BEEF.
Russian Admiralty Claims Fleet's
Commander lias Xot Yet Reported.
ST. PETERSBURG. OcU 27. 3:20 a.
m. — An official of the Admiralty said
at 1:20 o'clock this morning that no
NO WORD FROM ROJESTVEXSKY
The first harsh note sounded by the
press. in connection with the affair is
found In the Russ, which declared to
day that the British Government,
knowing the serious problem of self
preservation confronting the Russian
fleet, should have taken the precau
tion of warning the trawler fleet
against getting in the way of the war
ships.
The Russ adds that it has. reason to
believe "certain other vessels" suffered
with the fishing fleet, about whose fate
nothing will be said In England.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 26.— The
semi-official Journal de St. Petersburg
has opened a subscription for the fam
ilies of the British fishermen killed
by the guns of the Second Pacific
squadron.
Russian Newspaper Taking Contribu
tions for Hull Fishermen.
OPEXSA SUBSCRIPTION'.
' Worship is more in looking up than
In bowing down. . < ,
SACRAMENTO, , Oct. 26— The twen
ty-sixth ; annual report of the. Board of
Bank Commissioners, as ' submitted' to
Governor Pardee, shows that there are
423 banks in the State," of which seven
ty-three are national 'banks, 245 com
mercial banks, eighty-seven sayings
banks and eighteen ' private banks,
showing a gain under the regime of the
present commission of fifty-four banks.
The , net gain * in. assets amounts to
$24,462,391 86 and the> net gain In de
posits since September, 1903, is $15,473,
208 25.
. The report shows that the resources
Institutions . of the ; State
Beport Large Gains in
Both Assets and - Deposit s
FINE SHOWING
MADE BY BANKS
There has been an increase of thir
teen national banks during the year,
but owing to the fact that four national
banks have failed to report only a par
tial tabulated comparative statement
of their -financial condition Is given.
The interior, commercial ¦ banks la
1903 had resources amounting to $35,-
P29.920 94. and- in 1904 these had.In
creased to $93,672,611 23, a net Increase
of $2,742,690 29.
The private banks in 1903 had re
sources amounting to $3,739,423 S7, and
In 1904 had $3,577,060 70, a net decrease
of $182,365 17.
The . combined resources ,'of . savings,
commercial and private banks in 1303
were $447,340,307 19, and In 1904 they ara
$471,802,699 05. a net Increase of $24,462.
391 86.
The resources of Interior savings
banks' In 1003 were $63,613,507 94, and
for 1904 they were $76,813,757 38. a net
increase of over $3,000,000. The San
Francisco commercial banks In 1903
had resources amounting to $115,533,
775 3d and In 1904. J123.226.033 31. a net
increase of $7,692,262 92. • ¦
of the. San Francisco savings banks In
1303 were J163.603.677 05. and In 1904 they
were J169.513.231 43, . while their net In
crease amounted to 56.003,554 33.
: -^ '/Further 'i than " the ; Securities settle
ment ; nothing is known ' of other; deals
ol -importance snow pending. y 5
' "At^V Northern ¦? Pacific - headquarters
much faith : is placed ; in the I outlined
settlements of. the" Securities troubles,"
and the division of interests outlined is
welcomed." j ; " . '
.. .. .rph e >.-• securities '. , deal was put
through finally just before President
J.f J.i Hill's departure for St Paul after,
his recent visit. in New- York.yThe
substantial nines; of settlement were
marked ' out ) and - are definitely ; agreed
to by ¦ the : various Interests. Details '.of
the settlement are in the hands of per
haps ' a 1 ' half-dozen ; men,- who ' are- care
fully: guarding them '-; from the public
and /vyho, , it Is anticipated, VI will ¦:¦ not
make 'a public : announcement • for some
tlme-^-until : the- plan' Is well on toward
completion.' '.
i; ;•¦: "Inn uiries. ' have .'been, coming, from
New>5 York to-day,, for^ information, v of
'President Hill's new acquisition in 'the!
Northwest, and, details of .the big deal
now In progress.'/. ; ' .
'. "Private advices '' from *a source in
Wall > street which is .generally pos
sessed of- reliable secret information
are to "the effect. that a -settlement has
already been effected. The statement
from New York is:
"Private advices received by a St.
Paul railroad official from New York
indicate that the settlement : of the
Northern -Securities Company trouble
is near at hand, the most important
feature being that the Great ; Northern
and -the ? Northern . Pacific will be sep
arated* and operated, without refer
ence of one to the other. ;
"Local railway .circles to-day were
greatly Interested in the report that
the, Union Pacific, had secured an op
tion on the Chicago-Great : Western.
The Maple Leaf "will by this movement
cease to be a 'disturber, of traffic* In
the West and Northwest and become
aligned with the Union Pacific proper
ties as. part and parcel of the big cen
tral transcontinental :, system, with
which It connects both at Omaha and
Kansas City, supplementing the Union
Pacific . through route west of . the Mis
souri River, gateways with connecting
links which are ' imperatively needed
between the Missouri and Chicago and
the Missouri '• and the : Northwestern
commercial centers.
ST. PAUL, Oct. 26.— The Dispatch
to-day, commenting on the alleged op
tion given the Union Pacific by Pres
ident , Stickhey of 'the Chicago-Great
Western Railway, says:
Secures < Option q'ri- Chicago
Great Western, Whiph
Ceases to Disturb Traffic
UNION PACIFIC
CLOSES DEAL
Six Vessels Detailed to "Shadow" the
Baltic Squadron.
GIBRALTAR, Oct. 26. — The ships
of the channel fleet have filled their
bunkers with coal and replenished
their ammunition and will be ready
for sea at a moment's notice. The
battleship Hannibal and the cruiser
Doris are watching the stralta close
ly. There Is great activity at . the
dock yards, where men are working
night and day. ¦ The Admiralty is mak
ing inquiries concerning' the coal avail
able here.
The battleships Victorious, Illustri
ous and Majestic (flagship of Vice Ad
miral Beresford) and the cruisers Lan
caster, Theseus and Endymlon are un
der orders to sail on the morning of
October 28. It is rumored that the
purpose Is to shadow that portion of
the Russian Baltic squadron which is
expected to go byway of the Cape of
Good Hone. The Russian Baltic
squadron's cruisers and torpedo • boats
are expected to pass through the
straits of Gibraltar on the way to
Suez.
The whole of the Gibraltar torpedo
flotilla has been commissioned.
BRITISH SHIPS COALING.
The Morning Post's Copenhagen cor
respondent gives a report that the cap
tain of a British steamship, after pass
ing the Baltic sauadron on- -Friday
evening in the North Sea, saw two
miles away a two-funneled steamship
in distress, which apparently sank be
fore he was able to reach her. It Is
suggested that the steamship had been
attacked by the Baltic squadron.
" Lord Rosebery, in sending a check
for $500 for the sufferers, describes the
North Sea affair as an "unspeakable
outrage."
An equally bellicose tone character
izes the British correspondents' dis
patches from St. Petersburg, - .which
openly impute the Russian delay, to the
belief that Great Britain is determined
not to risk war, and express, the
viction that the Russian -Government
is determined not to punish the of
fending officers.
Without going to these lengths,
nearly all the papers are discussing the
possibilities of . war, should the war
party in St. Petersburg be able to in
fluence the Emperor and] Government
into a determination to shield the offi
cers of the Baltic squadron. The un
official explanation of Admiral Rojest
vensky,; telegraphed from Vlgo, ! ls stig r
matlzed by the Morning Post and other
papers as apparently -that of a lunatic,
whose Continuance in a position of re
sponsibility is a menace to every vessel
that navigates the seas. .' ¦ t
The Daily Telegraph, representing
the Government view, says: . "There
Is no doubt whatever of the Govern
ment's seriousness. .• No - responsible
Minister would order, a fleet athwart
the path of vessels of a foreign. power 1
without recognizing the .responsibility
of. such a grave step;: yet this is what
his Majesty's Government has I done,
with its eyes wide open." .
LONDON, Oct. 21.— The tone of com
parative ' moderation and ; calmness
hitherto shown by the. press of London
is observed to be yielding to one of an
outspoken bellicose nature. The Daily
Mail . editorially : speaks of < war threat
ening, and gives .in scare; headlines:
"Ultimatum to Russia Expires This
Afternoon."
British Press Would Have Nation Fly
at Russia's Throat.
EDITORS YEARX FOR WAR.
V. The weather on the night In question
was rather hazy. The Russians saw
no fishermen and were not aware that
any' damage had been done. . Evidently
the flshermen.had shown no lights. " ¦
"The transport Anatol, 1 which \ was
steaming ahead, of the squadron, was
suddenly surrounded by eight torpedo
boats and requested assistance/ where
upon the 'battleship division advanced
and signaled to the unknown vessels to
leave or disclose , their nationality. The
vessels; refused to obey and : advanced
among the Russian battleships. Sud
denly a cannon shot was heard from
an unknown vessel. Then the admiral
formed in battle, line and replied to the
fire,, afterward continuing his voyage."
Prince . Keretelli added that 'the ¦ Rus
sians feared Hhe strange torpedo-boats
were I Japanese, : as the admiral was
aware that the Japanese had purchased
such boats In England..
% Prince Keretelll, an officer of the bat
tleship Emperor Alexander III, has
been interviewed and. gives'-the follow
ing explanation of the attack by the
Baltic squadron upon the British trawl
ers off Dogger Bank:
EXPLANATION OF TRAGEDY.
The Spanish warships Marques de la
Victoria and Vasco Nunez deBalbaoare
keeping watch along the coast The au
thorities have ordered that all ; fishing
boats shall fly the national flag in order
to . avoid i a repetition of the Dogger
Bank incident.
* « It. is . rumored that the-, object /of . the
Spanish Government 'in, requesting the
Russians to remain. the shortest possi
ble time at /Vigo is to prevent the pos
sibility of attack by Japanese -agents,
whose presence. in the province of Ga
licia is suspected.
It is learned that three other Russian
warships have anchored in Arosa Bay.
The Government has refused them per
mission to coal in Spanish waters.
Later Admiral Rojestvensky, accom
panied by the commanders of his fleet,
visited the Military . Governor, the
French Consul and the commander 'of
the port, receiving the, usual honors.
"As.far as can be seen : the : crews , of
the battleships are very uneasy. Senti
nels are closely, watching every move
ment within the : harbor. . All four of
Jthe warships seem, to. 1 be cleared for
action. ,':<¦ -¦ .-. ".-. . ¦' " ->s .v. ...'.. : - ¦-
In spite of this, five German colliers
anchored in port alongside . the battle
ships, whereupon the commander of
the port sent an aide de, camp to beg
Admiral Rojestvensky not to violate
Spanish neutrality, and he also ordered
the commanding officer of the Spanish
cruiser Estremadura to notify the. col
liers that they must, obey the port
authorities. Eventually Admiral Ro
jestvensky promised that he .would not
coal in Spanish, waters, at the same
time begging permission for each war
ship to take on 400 tons. of. coal to pro-*
ceed to Tangier^ Eventually. three col
liers proceeded to Tangier, two remain
ing alongside, the. warships.
SHIPS CL.KARED FOR ACTION'.
VIGO. Spain, Oct.\26.— The arrival of
the Russian battleships Emperor Alex
ander III, Borodino.V Orel and .Knlaz
Souvaroff arid the} transport -\ Anatol,
which have anchored In this port, has
caused ¦ considerable" excitement.
The commander of the portimmedl
ately boarded the Russian flagship and
Informed Admiral' ¦ Rojestvensky .; that
the Spanish Government could not per
mit the warships to coal .within the
port. Admiral Rojestvensky . replied
that. his vessels needed repairs and for
that reason he had separated : from the
remainder. 'of .his '.squadron.'-'; The com
mander of the port promised to Inform
the Spanish Government of the ; admi
ral's statement and communicate the
Government's reply as soon as it was
received.
Baltic Fleet Puts
In at Vigo With
Explanation.
FEAR MARS SIGHT
Colonial Secretary Lyttelton, speak
ing at Leamington to-night, said he
had no further information to disclose,
but that he had no doubt Russia would
make full reparation and punish the
offenders.
Information has reached the press
from an authoritative source that puts
a brighter light upon the situation. It
is understood that practically every
thing has been decided upon to the sat
isfaction of Count Lamsdorff, the Rus
tisn FVrsign Minfater. except the ques
tion of the punishment of the offending
officers of the Baltic squadron. It is
further understood that Great Britain
is not demanding final and formal writ
ten undertakings before announcing
that she is satisfied, but that an under
taking In general terms on the part of
Russia will be accepted as sufficient
pruarantee for an official announcement
that the crisis has passed.
Hitherto there has been no indication
that a time limit had been set by Great
Britain for Russia's . reply to her de
mands, but the fact that three battle
ships and three cruisers are under or
ders for the morning of October 2S is
construed in some quarters to mean
that Great Britain will not wait longer
than that date before unleashing her
sea dogs, while it is also evident that
the Russian cruisers and smaller boats
of the Baltic squadron may find diffi
culty in passing the gateway to the
East unless the crisis is completely
over by the time they reach the en
trance to the Mediterranean.
Meanwhile the Admiralty Is not idle.
Reports from all naval stations show
that a tremendous state -of activity ex
ists. This is especially true of Gibral
tar, from which place it Is announced
that some of the best of Great Britain's
•war vessels are under orders to pro
ceed in the direction of the Russian
Baltic squadron, and that all the ships
of the British channel fleet are ready
to go to sea at a moment's notice.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— Tension increases
as time passes without a definite settle
ment of the situation created by the
Russian blunder In the Xorth Sea. Em
bassador Benckendorff's tentative com
rr.unication to Foreign Minister Lans
downe to-day, and the fact that this
was regarded as unsatisfactory, only
terved to inflame the public mind, and
while official circles are giving out In
timations that it is their confident be
lief that the whole matter will be satis
factorily arranged it is now quite cer
tain that only a short time will be al
lowed Russia in Vhlch to give final and
complete assurances of her intentions
to comply with any and all demands
Great Britain may make within reason.
The arrival of Admiral Rojestvensky
at Vigo and the certainty that he Is in
direct communication with his Govern
ment removes at once the possibility
of any delay on account of the inability
of Russia to get her side of the occur
rences on the night of October 21. With
this official version before the Russian
Government, together with the official
etatements of the members of the fish
ing fleet. It is unlikely that the British
public or the British Government will
allow another twenty-four hours to
pass quietly without receiving a satis
factory reply to the note, which de
manded a quick answer.
word has been received from Vice Ad
miral Rojestvensky. The official con
tinued:
"The delay in getting the Russian
version of the North Sea affair is prov
ing exceedingly embarrassing to this
Government It is felt that in the In
flamed state of British public opinion
the inexplicable absence of any official
report is becoming a most serious fac
tor and renders still more difficult an
already delicate situation."
While the good faith of the Russian
Government In its efforts to probe the
affair is not questioned, it is evident
from renewed British inquiries at the
! Foreign Office and Admiralty on Wed-
I nesday that, while no time limit for a
• response to the British note has been
fixed, King Edward's Government is
neither in a humor nor a position to
brook unreasonable delay. It is real
ized here that each day's delay will
render the temper of the people of both
countries more uncertain. The hope is
expressed at the Admiralty that the re
port will be received to-day.
One danger of complications dis
cussed here lies in the possibility that
Great Britain may deem it necessary to
dispatch warships to warn and protect
British trawlers off the Spanish coast.
On the other hand, if the nature of Ro
jestvensky's report renders the recall
of the Baltic . squadron imperative, it
will weigh greatly In Japan's favor and
have a serious bearing on the • future
course of the war in the Far East.
The six-inch guns and ammunition
for the Empress, when used as an aux
iliary cruiser, are stored" at the Esqul
malt navy yard ready at an hour's
notice to be mounted. Naval officers
said that they would not be surprised
to see the Empress of Japan ordered
to the Esquimau naval dock at once
to ¦• have her guns mounted and
ammunition put aboard. It is now
considered probable that H. M. S.
Graf ton's projected cruise to Honolulu,
scheduled for Friday, wilr be canceled.
The . naval officials are . In constant
communication with London.
all reparation for the trawler outrage.
The rumor Is said to have come in a
private cablegram from London. The
report that the Canadian Pacific
steamship Empress of Japan had been
ordered to proceed no further" than
Yokohama this trip and that all her
Hongkong freight had been taken- off
again at Vancouver has : caused con
siderable excitement in navy circles.
Rojestvensky's Fleet Will Be Turned Back
at the Gateway to the Mediterranean Sea
Trawlers -Mistaken
for Japanese
Warships.
Kings Warships Held in Readiness' to Sail on a Moment's Notice
Tension Increases in London as Time Passes Wiffiont a Definite
Settlement of the Situation.
NORTH SEA
AFFAIR DUE
TO FRIGHT
ENGLAND NAMES HOUR Within Which Czar Must Give Satisfactory Reply to Demands Resulting From North Sea Tragedy
SLAVE ARMY
EXPECTING
AN ATTACK
Oyarna Will Be the
One to Reopen
the Battle.
CANNON IN ACTION
Russians Harass the
Outposts of the
Japanese.
MUKDEN, Oct. 26.— The appointment
of General Kuropatkin as commander
in chief was received with general ap
proval. It will greatly facilitate the
military operations.
; The Japanese attack is now expected
shortly. The Russian batteries continue
to- harass 'the Japanese. Otherwise all
is quiet. * . •
The' Japanese dead recently found
showed by their -"warm clothing that the
Japanese < are prepared f, for a winter
campaign, whereas j the Russians have
not 'received their winter outfits.
' The; situation is one of great tension
for the troops, on .both sides. General
Kuropatkin and Field Marshal Oyarna
seem to be watching each other.'and It
is impossible to tell which will make
the first serious move.' There are occa
sional exchanges of desultory firing at
the. outposts. * On Sunday night 'the
Japanese made a* feeble attempt. upon
Lone Tree Hill, but the attempt was
not pressed. The Russians used several
siege guns of great range on Monday,
bombarding the Japanese positions near
Shakhe. The Japanese replied with shi
mose shells. The Chinese say. the Rus
sian fire destroyed three Japanese field
pieces/. - : " • .
The 'Japanese have evacuated the
Shakhe railroad station, but it and the
railroad bridge between the lines are In
the field of fire of both sides.
THE. SAN FRANGISCafGALUe; THURSDAY; ;OCTOBERy27,^1904;
ROMR Oct. ; J6:-^-While ; driving
here ."tor day Cardinal Satblli's^horses
tbbkl'frlghtlandtboltedi Fortunately
theyj-were] atopped\betore 'any damage
Wag fQonCiT^r^- * ¦"' * 8G&BBdf^
Cardinal > Satolli In ; Runaway.
3
FREE :-••¦¦/.'.; FREE ~. ; FREE
SUNDAY i'iCALL'v/.
1 WANT; ADS^
A Coupon Entitling You to One;
' ¦- ¦ • /Pound^4oc !'V ; -- :
"TOP QUALITY^COFFEE of
THEiGREATiAMERiCANr"-^
?:':\ X IMP^ORTINGiTEA^ CO.
With i Every/ 25c * Small - :^A*d * -
in SUNDAY ;C ALL:
See Small Ad ,) Page : for; Further
¦ ¦ ~ ?i : : ' '^_Particulars;'f 'I'sS^V'}- W
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Which would you rath-
er have, if you could have
your choice, transparent
skin or perfect features ?
All the world would
choose one way; and you
can have it measurably.
If you use Pears' Soap
and live wholesomely
otherwise, you will have
• the best complexion Na-
ture has for you.
Sold all over the world.
rOvisiT DR. JORDAN'S great 4
fiUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A gV 1S51 XAZXZ; ET. tit. t.lk'-X l.T.'.il i
\ fcr The Lvrea: A.B»tomic»I Mmecm in u< \
/) -^pap*]L. " r « r| 4 w««Jui«»e» wr tmw cwuractcd A
O tiB £3 1 5>P^o» : »^ «¦ «t« Cot«- E»t. ji ytirs. Q
A {T&gfh OR* J0RDAN-D'3EASE8 OF UIH 6
\ F^S^S Correk*tM» free «nd ftricjljr prinif. \
A I j&iJ U Tr««tt»eni prnon^f Of by Irttrr. A Q
/, ft f HA W nte for P«k. riUL*M>rRV.f A
v" n li • B&aBUSE. maiuo rut. ( A.Y
X Q £|, vahiabic bsec (or Bra) ¦ \
V Die. jo«»AX*co..i08iauirk*tst..s.r. P
ICARTERSi CUH^ SICK READACHE -
Genoine Must Rear
S IVER Fac-Simfle Signature
I PILLS. -£+- —
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
G29 KIUBM'»T. IZxtablishMl
in 1*51 for the tr<-*tm<:it nt iv.rntp
!>isfai.rx, Jaki Munnood. DehCity or
>\i>»w nearlcrnn »>o<ly and mind kiirt
Sicln nin«««fs. The Doctor our«>8wii#>n
otbrrt i f«4U •• Trj bi tn. l 'bKtxrs low.
fur** ronrnnlrrd. Call or write.
Z>r. J. r- tilBBOX, ti!M Fru>isco. Cat
'ADVERTISEaTEXTS. - _ _ ' '"'.-.¦'.....
mm ASE ' 4 KIDNEYS
\\ Mr. F. B. Richards. 603 "E" street. X. W.. Washington. D. C. War Cor- !
, respondent, writes: ' •
"Exactly" six years ago I was ordered to Cuba as staff correspondent of i-
the New 'York Sun. I was in charge of a Sun dispatch boat through the ?
| Spanish-American War • "
* "The effect of the tropical climate and the nervous strain showed plainly 'J
/ on my return to the States. Lassitude, depression and incessant kidney trou- [,
[i j ble made me practically an invalid. This undesirable condition continued. »
¦ despite the best of treatment. . ?
"Finally, a brother newspaper man induced me to give a faithful trial to ? ;
' Peruna. . I did so. . • - ... , : " ,
/ "In a short time the lassitude left me, my kidneys resumed a healthy con- '
/ dition, and a complete cure was effected. '/
"/cannot too strongly recommend Peruna to those suffering with
kidney trouble- , <•
"To-day I am able to work as hard as at any time in my life." — F. B, ', ['
Richards. . '. ,v»-z • ,,
• »••••••»» ••¦¦•••• ••••••• ->-•-»¦ ••»«»»• ¦¦»»»«»»»»«»«»»
OCTOBER is. notably the month of It gently stimulates the kidneys to in-
kidney diseases. The reason is: : creased fur.ction. and thus guards
During the warm months the skin against the possibility of disease,
has been freely throwing off water in the People inclined to weakness of th«
form of perspiration. , • ... r kidneys ought to use the precaution of
The. cool days and cooler nights of Oc- takln-g Peruna during the month of Oc-
tober in a measure stop the action of the tober.
skin. - • At "the' first sign of kidney disease.
' The superfluous impurities must find such as scanty urine, backache, pufllness
their, way. out through the kidneys. This undT the eyes, etc.. Peruna should be
puts upon the kidneys a great strain of taken. It may save months of sickness,
function. - '/* v - • ¦ " ' - . ¦ If yon do not derive prompt and satis-
The passage of these poisons through factory results from the use of Peruna.
the kidneys Irritate them and excite writ* at • once- to Dr. S. B. Hartman.
Bright's disease. . , ¦ . President of . The Hartman Sanitarium.
At. this time the kidneys need- some Columbus, Ohio, and he will give you.th*
encouragement,- some-assistance.- Peruna benefit of his valuable advice gratia. All
gives Just this assistance. • '- correspondence' strictly confidential.
jSE&^ waCMiSr ' JSd^r V-4 I ir Jv^^a^^atfMn^a^ _>V
'¦ 913 MASEST 3TKEET. 911-913 MABXET STSHZT.
. •' ¦ . Telephone Main 830. ' ' * Telephone Sontb 322. £
NEWEST— CLEANEST— CHEAPEST MEAT DEPARTMENT
- y " SM^Sk • >T\ S*rdlae« bi Tomato
X ' ,.>Sri3r£jo,.)l j ¦ Jbi. Sauc«....6 cans 115c
HjK^jr" " . ---*p«ila ! >f W'»''%!»^ va^SS>S5B For co1 ' 3 lunches — very
fSF rRA 19 I W^X0£g£$2&r tasty. Rep. 3 cans 23c
-/'*¦'¦ \if& ••' -W-' - fe^^^^g^Si^ Sag-o and Pearl Tapioc*
¦¦ ***CAtAMXXy f -=^™>*' :^2£aB£e*' . Res- 5c lb..8 rt«.
Li^^^«>m" m^^ ' ' ' ¦ ' Frtsjh— mikes, : ti<?altliy^
Wew Era Butter..^... , Eastern; sugar -'cured— Strtar Beans
; -w lb ; ¦«~ re v*"" :5Oc " weet and tender. . • 4^« .....". 23c
rior qujUUy-frlih d'aUy? : Seeded Bal.tai.pkfir* 5c ***?"£ tend * r " ;
Be*. Slxe SQUare 4OC N^ California Haisins— kind. Re«r. 10c.
wdrth &&; " ,,fresh}y aeeded... Ktoytf ord'i Cora StaroU
California Eirsra . . H-O Oat«..2 pkg«. 2.1c Re *- 1Oc - 3 P**^ -5c
Doxen ......... :JlOc : ~ Hornby's ; steam , cooked. Highest sraile made.
Petaluma ,¦ storage-j-every ' I "white oats — reg. -15c Boston Baisd Beans.
-egg^Kuaranteed. Spidw Lee Japan Tea . 3 tarr« e*a« 25c
; ,Pre«h- Pallet CjrsrB..^. .; pound*... 30c Just think— each can
Dozen ......... ..I. >c New crop— long leaf. contains 3 lhs of best
Small— but strictly fresh ¦ Splendid cup quality— a Baked B«aaj. Rtg. 12ft*
' _ laid. ' .... . . ¦ ". regular • 60c grade. . «l*e.
Hermitasre Whiskey. .. Mt. Vernon Bye ...... Corinrton Club Whl»-
' fuU at. battle.. .'.DOc, Reg.. $1.25. .toot. OOc key ... . ..r»l. »2.25
. Rye ; or - Bourbon — dls- | Genuine Harmls Distil- Flve-year-oW • Bourbon—
tilled 1890— rich and met- . lery . bottlinj— price very . pleasant flavor— not VOrn
low. Most famed of all low. -~ ! flery kind. Reg. $3.0a •
r ;whlskie^'Reg. $1.25. ; - e ¦ , 3Ro " I. e er'« OU K«,m
NMUtletoeata.bot.7Oc . 5 jrillons. .. ...#l.«r» Scotck . ... .bot. S5c
I Extra disUHed Old Tom Bella Bianca or Abb*y Imported— season on for
; — very pure-^splendtd Ca-~ -brands. Rich. fruity . Scotch nigh balls. Reg.
vor. • Reg. • $l.C0. wines. . rJz ''
1^^^ A-- Old OoVern'ment WbJ«- ?g£*%g%™$* £g^
'¦ 5. 0 " 1 * «>.>C key :.:..... bot. f>Oc I Pure rock candy ani
French -5 cognac Reg. B enulne distillery ™ ryT wh^kyT W«l
$1.00. . . ; . bottling. -Fine smooth _ C ure your eold
! XSxt«: Old Port Wine. . .*<»»**>?¦ ) ««. $1.25 o , d v«Jl«r Witakey .
Regr.i$1.60.r«l.'»l.OO CalifornU Brandv.... Reg. $4.00.raL S2.P0
' Fully > matured. For, roe-. , :Reg. $2.50.*»l. 81.OO Cook &-Bernheim*r-s fliw '
. dicinal ' purposes or a Pure grape. , For- drink- ' old Bourbon-r-emooth and ¦¦
pleasant^ drink. lf», just • Ing or. cooking. Put plen- mallow. , A whUky hard
¦ ' right." 11 ¦¦¦.'¦¦¦ ' -,ty -In your mincemeat. « to b«at. t • g* HOLDS • HE AVT : CL.AIM.-rOakland. Oct. 26*
Suit to collect a $10,000 note from the. estate of
the late Fabrizlo Klgro was : begun td-day by M
Gorman."i r ;The : note. « Is ' dated J June i 2.V' 1802, and
ithej accrued i Interest: at i> one per^ cent ia month
! n0 w>amountsUo •WW.i "^ ";?* -i I -
HATWARDS, \Ocft 2 6.^^-The : funeral
of Dr. * J. 1 ; Dean 5 w\ll held
Saturday, morning •! at', 10 f o'clock tt rorn
All ' Saints'i Church.>;- Interment ;will ' be
in' the Catholic Cemetery near '- this
city. --¦;.- - ¦ '.¦"*•-•-¦;? ¦ - -¦¦¦¦r:-',^-
Dr. V Dean's ' Funeral.
-.DISMISSES SLANDER SUIT.— Oakland Oct."
2C— By J stipulation ,the! slander • : suit ¦¦ begun bv
Cecil'.?. Hitchcockr. a , special .' policeman • ln f "tha
Piedmont i district,* against i,W. s Havemeyer ' Jr
n«phewfof^ the r sugar,? magnate :; of i the v Baine
name.f ior." ?25,000 ; was idlamlsaed ¦ to.day.'- ¦ °
• OAKLAND, ; ; Oct. : 2 6.4-Kisatsuchl
Koda, M. L,- secretary of trie Japanese
Association of .' America, wiir lecture
before the .Starr : King 'Fraternity
Thursday, evening at : the". First:' Uni
tarian Church. : j subject of ! the
secretary's lecture ; will ' be S.' Japan '{ in
Retrospect: and Prospect.''; , He -.will
compare Japanese Ideals': arid r customs
with those , of ' the -United; States. 1
Prominent Japanese "to Lecture.
¦¦", HIBERNIANS . TO ", GIVE . BALLL— Oakland^
Oct. • 26.^-Oakland' Division No. 1.". Ancient > Or^
der of Hibernians of America,' will give a grand
ball ; at ; Pythian ; Castle/: Twelfth and ; Franklin
streets,-*; on . .Tuesday i evening,;" November ¦ 1
Those ; in : charge % are : 3 Committee of > arranke
ment»—Dr.-v; D.' F.^ Calllnan."i J. .' R. . Kelly c
Curran, 1 %W. •; H. McGutre. M. - O'Reilly - floor
manager,^ Dr. 5 D. . F.' Calllnan; , assistant, Huzh
McCabe; floor comBiHtee_-M.-iDolan.-E.o Cor
rigan,* J.' J.TAhern.VW. 1 ! J.-> Brltton.', M.' ; O'Reilly
reception : committee— Jr; B. ¦ Doling . (chairman)'
P.- J.vDelehanty,- J.H.;McCann. T.. J. Burke
3: U. r'O'Sullivan.: ..-•"-¦• rKe '
"*. .TELEPHONE WIRES UNDER GROUND.—
Oakland, Oct." 26.— The Pacific States Telephone
and Telegraph Company is putting all; its. wires
Id the business portion or the city, under ground
as ¦ rapidly ,= as ; possible, rp Permits •: wero : granted
by the Board . of | Public *Works to the I company
to-day " to construct three conduits in " the | heart
.the business, district to carry these wires. ;,h
v:- OAKLAND,. Oct; -26^— The following
marriage': licenses v were issued ' by; the
County Clerk to-day: \._ James A..";John
son.^48; arid -Ella ALT Johnson, 4 9, both
of iOaklarid ; 7 David . C.': Hartley, • 21, : Sel
by,"and Hazel ICope,^ 21, Oakland ; '< Sal-"
vatbrel* Anzalone, ,{ 3 0, ¦ and :^Frahcesca
Cancimilla;'. 2^,^bothof Berkeley; Hen
ry iW.lWeber, ; 4 1; ; and i Clara Horsf ord,
35;^both; of
Gaughram, ¦ 33," and i Mrs. • Lillie Lawsl'
28, \ both -of: San ; Francisco; "Andrew
Gill, "i 38, '"Sanf- Francisco, « and Elizabeth
Davis;: 32,' Oakland; Arthur. iR.\Taylor
4 6; '< and- Maggie E.lTiley.V 2 9, : both of
Oakland ; 3 Emll v Theiler, , 33/. and I Susie
Hlnemelberger.'r 22; , both •; of r Fruitvale ;
Edward * Shanahan; •' 3 9,'- San Francisco
and ; Mary;Scriven.]32," Oakland.
MairriaRe Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 26.— Fletcher Fla
herty, the 13-year-old i son of Fletcher
A. Flaherty, a ¦ San Francisco .book
keeper, and Mrs. Belle Flaherty,
principal of the AHendale school j ¦ has
disappeared from -' hia i home* on';; the
Redwood road. His parents are much
alarmed, fearing that" some., great
harm has befallen ; him. ;.:. The boy
started for school in Friiitvale' last
Monday morning and has not returned
home, nor : has any one i seen ; him,'
either in Fruitvale; or; Oakland.
The disappearance of ; the . boy is a
great surprise to all who • know him;
as he was not known to associate with
bad companions. . The lad's ¦¦ parents
have enlisted ''. the ' aid: of • the ."police "of
Oakland ' and - San ! Francisco in -' the
search for: their" son..
Fletcher Flaherty Has Been Missing
From ' His Honie in AHendale ;
Blonday Morning.
:: OAKLAND, Oct. 2 6.---The/J national
convention^ of :^ the - American Federa-;
tion ' of Labor!. will meet lri ¦ this"! city oh
Tuesday,'; November /15, r and i the Cen
tral : Council , has ; appointed a i reception
committee, '.whose * v duty : = it will; be :to
meet;, the /delegates when they » arrive,"
and s: see j that i they are I provided ~ with
accommodations. : The members of the
committee are : i? P.VW. v Gartner,- J.\ B. k
Rebollr C. ; W.' Petrey, : D.'- C.i Crawford;
W.v J. - Hooper > and r j; | J. : - Scottl'The
•Distrlct'^Council of Carpenters has also
appointed ' a i committee; 1 - the i members
of .which - are: ,.; G. s Toyne.v W. Rem
mers-and George Gray.: . ' . .
Reception Committee Appointed.
PARENTS ALARMED OVER
"DISAPPEARANCE OF SON
,v Preparations; are- complete for the
trip -'of the Republican Alliance of
Oakland . to San Jose > on Friday, No
vember,- 4. ., On the arrival "of the al
liance" at San 'Jose; a; rally will be held
in -behalf of, the" Republican candidate
for . Congress : from ,the ¦ Fifth Congres
sional f District. • On H November;-. 7 the
allia/ice.wlll send a big. delegation to
Santa. Rosa, where a Republican rally
will be held. .
Republican Rally in West Oakland.
, OAKLAND, Oct. .'6.— Alcatraz Hall,
corner of Seventh and Peralta streets,
will be the scene of a Republican ral
ly to-morrow night, at; which Super
visor- John v Mitchell,'. J. . J. Burke, P.
J. Crosby; and Phil M; Walsh 'will be
thesDeakera. ' : ..
OAKLAND, Oct. 26.-— Five streets
south ,of / Yerb'a' Buena • avenue ¦'. ap-'
proaching the yards of the Key Route
ferry have ; been obstructed by fa high
boardifence.. The,, streets thus block
aded :. are . Holden, (Horton,
Hallett V and • Center streets. .It . has
beerrclalmed that the Key Route peo
ple i had no "right to close < these \ streets.'
..--i The l City Council s granted>jpermis
sion ¦ to { close the' streets north < of Yer
ba'Buena" avenue, but the: question Is
whether H that . ordinance "grants * per
mission r i to ,. the Key ; Route : people i to
block them. •;¦•; The fence surrounds the
yards ;and; power station of -the Key
Route line. * ; .
Railroad's Action Raises Question
Whether Privilege ,Wa» Granted
KEY ROUTE FENCES
OFF PUBLIC STREETS
•_i United . States Thomas 1
Kearns I of I Salt -. Lake % City, whose re
cent i strong f - antagonism toward the
Mormon element ¦ in " Utah . provoked a
bitter political ; strife* in that State, ' ar
riyed here yesterday, with his wife* and
isi registered' at « the Palace. «Accom
panying A them ?are", David Keith ¦ and
wife 'of? Salt? Lake {City.: "Keith :is" a
partner ,'of i Senator; Kearns in ,_ several
big mining .' enterprises, \ among.: them
the .famous ; Ontario ? , property near
Park City,*; which as regarded, as one
of v the* richest gold" producers in the
WesL'tBnHBBdHMHsfltBHK'
j Louis '' Kahn, 4 the .well-known ' grain
merchant: of Oakdale, who is vice pres
ident of the Oakdale and Western Rail
road,'registered at s the Palace yester
day. ; He announced .that , the new road,
which £ will >: have terminal connections
with ; the Sierra ' Railroad "at ..Oakdale
and ¦ the *. Santa" Fe;^ at Rlverbank,-- has
been "completed ? and will be open - for
traffic \ about _ the middle ; of i November.
The 3 residents , of I the ; towns ' mentioned
are ; preparing; to celebrate the opening
of i the new line: by; a barbecue. „
; J Former State Senator A. F. , Jones
and William P.rHammon," who ; is at
the-hea'd of the big dredging project
at Oroville, are registered, at the Pal
ace. They, are here In connection with
their: mining interests..:.; v;
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Turnbull of
Denver, and J. L. Houghtaling of Chi
cago, who are making a tour of " the
West, arrived here yesterday and are
staying at the St. Francis. . ... ¦
>H. C. Somers, J.L. Vermeil and Jo
seph Magner,- leading - hay merchants
of this city, leave next week for the
St. 'Louis Exposition.
* /G.r J-. C. McMulllri, for many years
with the Grangers' Business Associa
tion, leaves to-day for. the Oregon and
Washington grain centers.
J. J.j Hebbron. manager of the Pa
cific, Improvement Company's ranch
at Suisun, and . wife are registered at
the Grand. iBB£
Gerrit Forbes and wife, well known
residents of Boston, are among the
latest arrivals at the 'Occidental.
." C.*" Clifford, general freight agent of
the Union Pacific Company, returned
yesterday from a .business trip to Ton
opah. - :
Colonel E. A. Forbes, a well known
mining attorney of Marysville, is at
the Grand.
Captain H. Thompson, commander
of; the steamship . City of ; Panama," la'
registered at the .Occidental. -
Dr. H. J. Rowell of Phoenix Is at the
Russ. . ,
Dr. George Watt of Orland is at the
Grand.
Dr. , C. L. McCracken of Pescadero
is at the Grand.
"George R. Weindllng of Washington
Is at the St. Francis.
Dr. and Mrs. Arthur Hodings of Den
ver are at the St. Francis.
J. V. Shepard, a railroad man of
Los Angeles, is at the Grand. '
C. W. King and wife of Portland
are guests at the Occidental.
: Dr. J. E. Pickard and wife of Vir
ginia City are at the Palace.
Carl George de Loval of Boston* ar
rived at Uhe . Palace yesterday.
J. '.I W. Dunlap, a mining man ¦ of
Michigan Bluff,', is at the Grand.
Rev. A. M. Billlam of Manila is
among the late arrivals at the Palace.
George R. Stewart, a . well-known
rancher of Crows Landing, is "at. the
Lick. "
PERSONAL.
OAKLAND, Oct. 26.— Mystery sur
rounds'the death of J. P. Mclver, who
died last night at the Alameda County
Infirmary, after lingering in an un
conscious- condition since last Satur
day. Mclver was found last Friday
evening- near the railroad track in
Emeryville. He was unconscious and
was removed to the Receiving Hos
pital, where , it was at first thought he
was suffering from too much whisky.
On" recovering the , patient told _ the
hospital attendants that he had had
nothing, to, eat for three days and was
starving.
: As Mclver was too weak to take
care of himself . he was sent to the
County -Infirmary, arriving, there in- a
comatose condition. He remained' in
this •, state until his death ; last night.
All that is; known of the man. is that
he came > from . Los Angeles. He was
about 42 years old. An Inquest will
be ' held to determine the cause of
death.
Man ¦ Found Unconscious . at Emery
ville Dies : at. the Alameda
County Infirmary.
"The Rochdale System in California"
was the title of an address by D. T.
Fowler, conductor of Institutes in Cen
tral and Northern Calif ornia. " He de
scribed the rise j and growth of the
Rochdale co-operative system In Eng
land from a capital of a few dollars
to a capitalization of millions and sug
gested the adoption of some features
of the "Rochdale plan" by- the . farmers
of California.
The sessions, of the institute were
continued to-night, when Professor ' C.
W. Woodworth spoke on "Progress in
Agricultural Investigation" and special
addresses dealing with the subject of
agricultural research . were made by
Professora' M. E. Jaffa, E. W. Major,
A. V. Stubenrauch, R. E. Smith and
G. "W. Ehaw.
The institute will conclude to-morrow
night, three sessions being held during
the day.
Professor A. J. Cook, conductor of
farmers' institutes In Southern Cali
fornia, read a paper on "Farmers'
Clubs," in which he advocated the for
mation of such clubs, pointing out the
advantages farmers are certain to re
ceive.
"The Need of Organization for a
Closer Study of California Fruits" waa
a topic discussed by J. H. Reed of Riv
erside. He spoke of the failure to In
sure quality instead of quantity In the
fruit orchards of the State and sug
gested the formation of a State pomo
logical society, with local branches,
which would send representatives to
an annual meeting of the State organi
zation. . . .
five years of the contract. He said. the
essentials of organization were simple,
including loyalty and the use of com
mon business principles.
"The outlook . Is tolerably bad," de
clared the writer, "and hopeless unless
organization is effected."
ALAMEDA, Oct. 26.— -James Mc-
Ginnis, who keeps a boathouse on the
south' side of the estuary, near the
Webster street bridge, was arrested
this evening on complaint of Tony Co
tino, who claims that McGinnls took a
shot at him .with.a pistol- and then
beat him over the head .with a boat
hook.'. Cotino's scalp was laid open
for three inches and he went to the
Receiving Hospital in. Oakland to have
the wound dressed. .,
. '. McGinnis 'claims that Cotino called
him a. foul name and- approached him
as if he meant to do him bodily harm.
McGinnis .then fired- his pistol in the
air and went at Cotino -with the boat
hook. . McGinnis is charged with • an
assault : with a : deadly . weapon and is
out on $200 cash bail. .
James McGinnis Arrested for Assault
Said to Have Been Committed
Upon Tony Cotino. ' ' '?V,i
WIELDS BOAT HOOK
K; ,>y;;:;^ : ,* ox - ENEMY'S ¦ HEAD
5IYSTERY SXjRRQUNDS
DEATH OF J. P. 7 !!^
DEAN OF THE COLLEGE! OF AGRI
CULTURE AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF CALIFORNIA.
;-;\ Dr."' and' Mrs.' 'M. : J. Burke •¦ will leave to-mor
row J for Los .; Gatos; where , they • will ¦ spend
~ Mrs. i James Sheeran.has returned from a 'five
weeks' vacation spent : at j Dutch i Flat ¦> and Au
burn. * UV. V^:"'~---^ •-'"'" -V-- -- : --,' ,..- .;. .; ¦. ¦ .-;¦ /
Mr. and ;¦- Mrs. -. W.» E. Schwerin e and ¦their
daughters, r Jessie, Lottie/ Elsa ,-¦ and * Mabel
have ; , returned "¦' from ? a > seven t mbnths* : tour ¦ of
Europe.*4f^^^U3SswBaHBB9m8sXr' '
< ALAMEDA, Oct. 26.— Miss 't, Delia' LaiJeun
esse and i Da vidJ.: Parker, were. wedded at noon
to-day at the home of. the parents of, the bride'
Dr. and Mrs.' J.' A. La ' Jeunesse, 1&66 ; Railroad
avenue. R«v. v William Norman Guthrle ¦ rector
of • Christ Episcopal Church." performed^ the cer
emony. Miss Dorothy La , Jeunesse was " maid
of honor- and •» Harry ..La Jeunesse was best
man. -.The : wedding ¦ was witnessed i by * a lim
ited- i number of friends of ; the bridal pair
'After returning . from ', their honeymoon Mr i and
Mrs. Parker \ will 5 make ':¦" their.-, home f In ' this
ally..' _¦:¦:¦;.-. .'¦-.¦:¦--¦;¦ •¦-.¦- ¦ ; .i .:¦.;•, -i-.X:'t -i
.,' Mr. - and Mrs. Charles Sutton • anVi Mrs " Car
men Sutton have returned f roni". tne' Bast.' ' ¦ ¦
"^ Mies : Jane " Barry is home again from Los
Angeles.- ~ITiQr'DlWDg nT OlUJ . - -
.'¦' A- Halloween -i party- ; will, be -by iths
lad lea . of i the First Christian Church™ Aid * So!
ciety/ next 'Monday at the Glenwood. >
The : ladlet , In cjiarge of the v geranium' booth
at : Et. i. Anthony's : fair, ; . now , In • progress serve
dinner • every day ,. between ¦ 11 . and - 2 >• for * the
benefit ct.theii 1 booths A' dining-room has been
fitted up oh Eighth street, near Broadway "
Mr. and-Mrs.s William 8. Snook -have .sent
out cards for a large. reception next Saturday
the occasion beln* their golden wedding. ¦
Miss Katherlne.. Kuts . will entertain at
luncheon In a few days for ; MlSe. AUc* Bacon
of Santa Barbara. . ' . ,
The wedding of Miss Laura' Prather, the lam
ented mlniature^artist, >_ with Z' Guy ¦' William
Waterbury ! of Sacramento . will - take > place : at
the bride's home i on .Thanksgiving day .» There
.will be no attendant^ and; only = those nearest
and dearest to the^ bride and groom will.wit
ness the ceremony.-, ¦ .*" WJ1 -
As her .wedding day— November 16— *p
proaches," Miss Isabella > Kendall - Is more'and
mofe in demand at little affairs planned in her
fconor. To-morrow ; Miss Carmen Sutton will
play hostess to a dozen fair maids, and next
week Miss de Golla will entertain at an after
noon affair. The first will be a luncheon and
five hundred wlllnU tn the houra at Miss de
Golla 1 fi. where, by : the by, t Mitt Hoppe will
share the honors with Miss Kendall ;
"Ghlbertl and His Bronze Gates" was one
of the Interesting papers read, \he , subject be
ing pleasantly handled by Mrs. rU A. Koenlg
Giotto, the first painter to use Ilvlngr models,
was the subject of Mrs. W. 8. Peters' dis
course. , "Giotto's Tower," by Longfellow, was
T .T££ b^ M £?i* Lacey< and Urm: Forrester read
"The Old Bridge In Florence." . . • y
Mrs. Frank B. Hoyt furnished the musical
setting for these literary .gems and sang
"When Song Is Sleep," by Gertrude Sans
Souci, and "The Dally Question," by Meyer-
Helmund. • - ' - .
The art section of the >- Oakland L Club . held
forth at the clubrooms to-day, and an instruc
tive . and Interesting ' programme afforded an
tour of. sOUd enjoyment for ¦ the little gather
ing present. Mrs. Arthur J. Pilsbury • presided
and early Christian and Florentine art was
the topic of the day, Introduced by Miss Mes
erole. ¦ ¦ *• -..' . ¦¦.'.• ¦ ¦ .."-.-. .. ¦¦*¦-•
Reeves Baker attended Mr. Hartley, and the
R«v. Clifton Macon, rector of Trinity Church,
officiated." ..'
Mr. Hartley holds a responsible position at
the.Selby Smelting Works, and after a short
honeymoon the young people will " make their
home at Belby.
¦-, The bride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
George W. Cope of this city.
Miss Vera Cope attended her sister, attired
in a dainty girlish frock of pfcik silk mull,
the low, short-sleeved bodice being finished
with medallions of lace. She carried maiden
hair fern.
t The bride's- gown was of cream white louis
lna, a panel of French needlework adornin*
the front of the full skirt and around the
shoulders was a berthe of duchesse lace. ' An
interesting feature of the bride's apparel was
the veil of silk tulle with a border of silken
embroidery, which was first worn on a like
occasion by Mrs. Cope. • A ¦ cluster of orange
blossoms that had also been worn .by the
bride s mother fastened the precious lace in
place. A ehower of white roses completed the
bridal coetume. .
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— To-day's most Inter
esting event was the wedding of Miss Hazel
Coce and David Hartley, which took place at
the Cope home. on Jayne. avenue this evening.
The»ey«nt,';albei/- wltMojit; ostentation and
marked -by«a rAiJeBhlng* simplicity, .was among
the week's 'notable affairs', for the Cope girls —
there are three sisters and such likable girls
they are — are all popular members of the
•mrfrt set. • : The residence . is constructed on
artjstio lines and lends itself admira.bly to
any decorative scheme. Miss Georgia Cope.
the bride's talented elder sister, superintended
the placing of the cosmos and , vines that
formed the deooraUoos and the result was a
very dainty picture indeed. .
In one corner of the drawing-room is a
round alcove window, reached by two steps,
and here the bride and groom knelt for the
nuptial blessing. Overhead In the arch a trio
of pink bells were suspended, while the vine
clad Interior of the window formed an effective
setting for the nuptial picture. The apartment
was lighted by fairy lamps and electric lights
concealed In pink roses. — ~
By Zoo Green Radcliffe.
WED 'NEATH BELLS
Coming from Albany, N. T., early In
the '50's, his strong personality brought
him prominence in politics and com
mercial pursuits. He first engaged in
business in the mining towns of Oro
vllle and Grass Valley, coming to San
Francisco late in the *60's. Though of
a lovable and kindly nature, he was a
strong partisan, standing out boldly in
the troublous times when David C.
Broderick went down before Judge
Terry's pistol.
For more than thirty years Mr. Mar
tin was connected with the Police De
partment of this city In the capacity of
inspector of carriages, retiring there
from five years ago : In this capacity
he grew to know every celebrity that
visited the city, and on ; Paul's - last
visit she : sent ' a . request to the retired
inspector to call upon her and talk over
old times.
, . No ¦'. man ojf ¦ hla day held closer or
more varied friendships J or was I triier
In his relationship of man to man.
Mr. Martin is survived by two
daughters and six sons, the eldest of
whom is Captain John Martin of the
Police Department. The date of the
funeral is not^determined upon, owing
to the absence* from town of David C.
and C. Lincoln Martin, two of his sons.
Cornelius Martin, another of the old
guard of San Francisco, passed away
yesterday afternoon, thus bringing to a
peaceful close a life full of years and
usefulness.
. OAKLAND, Oct. 26. — The demurrer
of Alameda County to the allegations
made by C. S. MacMullen in his suit
for $21,790 80 was overruled to-day
by Judge Ellsworth and as all the le
gal points, involved In the case were
brought up "by the demurrer MacMul
len has won a victory that puts him
within reach of the county treasury.
He contracted with the Board of
Supervisors to expert the assessment
rolls of the county upon a share. and
share basis. He was to have half of
all -the taxes collected on property
which he found had been missed for
three consecutive years by the Asses
sor.
He -then: cited upon the board. the
franchises of the Oakland Gas, Light
and ' Heat Company, \ the water in the
reservoirs of . the'.Contra Costa "Water
Company, "Ihe franchise of the Emery-,
ville race track and other ¦ properties
never | assessed. ,¦ The discovered ¦ prop
erty footed up into millions and j he al
leges :¦ that jj $43,581 60 j in- taxes was col
lected, of which « he r asks a half. The
claim was S rejected * by the board and
the suit is now. pending. The;demur
rer to the" legal ipolnts *being- out * df
the "way, 1 the case-will go to trail upon
Xhe facts. " ¦ " - ,. :
Law -Points -Favor Him.
Demurrer' to ills Action Against Ala
meda County Is ] Knocked Out and
DEATH STILLS
THE HEART OF
PROMINENT MAN
- Harry N. Levy began an action ; of
divorce to-day . against Edna Levy.
They were married in 1899.
>> An interlocutory decree of divorce
was granted Henry C. Deering- to-day
by Judge Ellsworth from Emma Deer
ing on" the ground of desertion.
,.. A'flnal decree of divorce was grant
ed; Helen "A. Arnold from ; Solon' D.
Arnold .this ."morning," > a -year. shaving
elapsed aince | the granting of an inter
locutory decree ; on the ground of : de
sertion. She is 'allowed to resume her
maiden • name of Helen A. Martin.
Suit - for . divorce was begun to-day
by Blanche L. Fulton against j Joseph
Fulton | on the ground j of desertion.
H^e married a girl who had been In
the employvof the family and shortly
afterward deserted her.
OAKLAND. Oct. 26.— Frederick
Graves, a conductor, was to-day, grant
ed a divorce from Sarah" Graves.. The
wife was charged with unfaithfulness.
She was also named . as co-respondent
in a divorce action brought- by Mrs.
Mary E. Smith, against William Smith.
Graves learned that his wife: had been
summoned to appear as a". witness to
prove. 'Smith's infidelity, and was ac
cused of causing the trouble In the
Smith family.. He then filed com
plaint. When Mrs. Graves heard that
she. had been named as a co-respond
ent in Mrs. Smith's complaint she at
tempted suicide, but . her husband
managed -to save her life.
Frederick Graves Finds Ills Wife's
Name as ' Co-respondent In Mrs.
Smith's Complaint. - : .
MACMtlLIiEX WINS ,OUT
IN HIS NOVEL SUIT
TWO FAMILIES .'IN;
A DIVORCE SCANDAIi
Alameda County.
WEDXESDAT. OCTOBER 20.
' B. Kelsey (single) to Annie . M. Larson
(widow), lot 7, block H. Golden GatoJTract.
Oakland: $5. — • ~ _
Alice M. Larson (widow) to John W. Cog
gins, lot on NW corner of Nell or Ftfty-«lghth
and Park streets. - N 84.73. W 10O. S 27.15. B
and SE along N 11ns of Neil or Fifty-eighth to
beginning, lot 7, block H. map Golden Gate
Tract. -Oakland; $10. v
H. II. or Hat tie H. Hawley (single) to Mary
E. Frates (widow) lot oa W line of Chestnut
street. 100 S of Thirty-second. S 50 by W 127.
portion lot 8, block C lands Peralta Homestead
Association, Oakland (deed, made to correct er
ror in 368 D. 355). quitclaim deed; $1.
Henry X. McChesney (surviving husband of
Eliza J. McChesney, deceased) to Farmers' and
Merchants' Savings Bank, lot on S line of
Thirty-second street, 180 W of Weat, W 50 by
8 140. portion lots 9 and 10, block 2038, Row
land Tract. Oakland, quitclaim deed; $10.
Morris Harty (single) to William and Johan
na Crosby, lot on N line of Twenty-Orat street,
75 E of Curtis,, E 25 by N 100. portion lots 1
and 2. block J. Curtis & WUllams Tract. Oak
land; $\0.
Sarah. Lucy Murdoch (widow) to Lacy A. M.
Clarkson (Murdoch) ! (wife of J. J. Clarkson).
lot 5, block 27, map property L. M. Beaudry
and G. Peladeau, etc., Oakland: gift.
Charles H. and Wllhelmina Taylor (wife) to
Abram Lea Douthit. let on SW. line of Athol
avenue. 529.37 NW of Fourth, sa|d point being
NB comer lot 20, block B, thence NW 37:6.
9W 149. SE 41.40. NE 147.3 to beginning, be
ing. SE V, of lot 20. block B, map Peralta
Heights, subject to ¦ private driveway of 3:8
feet along N W • sldo of abova lot. East Oak
land; $10.
Minnie ' K. and Samuel Beat (husband) to
S. o. Hlckok. . lot.on S line of Kent street.
420.20 K of Shattuck avenue, E 25 by 8 133.
being TV half of Iof3. Bcovllle Tract, In plat
51. Ranchos V. and D. Peralta. Berkeley; $10.
Etta Mas and Raleigh P. Hooe to Everett
C. Murdoch (single), lot on 8 lln* of Berke
ley way. 50 E of California, E 00 by S 123.
lot ' K, In Range 12, map of subdivision of
Range X2 Hardy Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Maria D. or Marl* D. Marsh to B. F.
Brooks, lot on 8 lln« of Durant arenas. 170 B
of Ellsworth street. E 60 by S 130, portion
of N half of lot 2 block 12. College Home
stead. Berkeley; $10.
Olivia White (guardian of th» estate of
Anchor and Henry Bastrup, minors) to Edward
and Sofia Ling (wife), re- record 975 D. '410.
lot on S line of Irving street. 61 "W of Lowell.
W CO by S 100 lots 41 and 43. map of plat 3.
and portion of plat 6, Dohr Tract, ' e*ch of
said minors owning a one-fourteenth interest.
Berkeley; $110.
John Gazanago (single) to A. Baeenierl. lot
on B line of Tenth street 100 N of Addlson.
N* CO by E 1S3. block 10O. Tract B. Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; $10.
Mary E. Frates (widow) to Enrln and HI1
ma Holumzer (wife), lot on W lln» of Chest
nut strest. 100 S of Thirty-second,' S 60 by
W 127. portion of lot 8, block C, lands of
Peralta Homestead Association Oakland; $10.
State Savings Bank to Rachel Alice Tracy
(widow),- lot on S corner of Piedmont and Rom
avenues. SW 33:4 by SE 10S, portion of lots 2
and 3. map Kellersberger*s Rosa Park, Oak
land; $10.
Mary J. Creech (widow) to C. "W. D. Miller,
lot 11 and E 5 feet of lot 10. block A, amended
map University Park, Oakland; $10.
J. H. and Emma T. Major (wife) to Arthur
S. Hlckox. lot on S Una of Thirty- seventh
street, 373 "W of Market. W 40 by 8 100, por
tion of lot 0. block B, map portion' UnL'-M. J.
Evoy*s property. Oakland: $10.
Allen D. and Amelia K. Wilson to Oakland
School District (body corporate), lot at inter
section of N line of Cameron street (as now ex
isting) with SB line of Thirteenth -aveiiu*
(county road 724)." E 409.82, N 410.50. W 153.
SW 4.84.05. to b«ginnin*. being portion of lot
or subdivision 18. lying N of Cameron street,
map Cameron Tract, Brooklyn. EaiT~"C»JcIaad:
$9000.
Christen- Chrlstlanson (single) to Charles J.
Chiistlanson (married)^ lot on BE Una of Thir
teenth avenue. 75 NE of East Twenty -second
street, NE 125. SE 150, SW 78, NW BO SW
BO. ,.W 100. Ijlock 140, Clinton. East Oa&and;
$10. . v , . ..
Grac* M. Irwln (single) to William J. Mo-'
Craw, lot on S line of Felton street. 112:8 W
of King. W 37:6 by S 133. portion lot 10, block
G, Paradise Park, Berkeley; $10.
Horace A. and Helen K. Johnson to Morton
A. G. Smith, lot on NB corner of Virginia
street and McGe« avenue N 100 by ES 40. lot
11 and portion lot 10, block C, Edith Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
David Clark Sr. (widower) to Thomas S.
Schallch, lot on "W line of Sherman (St. Oeorge)
street. 170. "3 S of Paclflo avenua, S 33.32 by W
ISO. Alameda; $10..
Pacific States Sayings. Loan and Building
Company to Abbio S. Lewis (widow), lot on SB
corner of Railroad avenu» and Mlntura street,
E 32 by S 100. lot 3 of subdivision of lot 32.
map of subdivision of lot 32, Fassking Park,
Alameda; $10. , . - • -
Suicide of Demented Man.
The body of Augustus Ford, late of
237 Franklin street, was recovered
from the bay near the end of-Powell
street wharf yesterday afternoon by
James Sinott. Edward Ford. Identi
fied the remains as those of his broth
er, who, he says, was demented. Sev
eral persons reported to the Coroner
that they saw deceased jump from
the end of the .wharf about an hour
before the body was found.
DEFAULT SET ASIDE. — Judge Grans m
yesterday set aslda the default entered In tha
case of Howard J. Lawter against the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, in which
the plaintiff sued for $30,000 damages for- an
«xploslon of sas In his kitchen/ Lawler had
been given Judgment by default. The defend
ant must pay all the costs incurred by th«
plaintiff in obtaining the default and <U0 coun
sel feea^HdHBsflSMpM
RESTAURATEUR FORFEITS BAIL.-Oak
land. Oct. 26. — Amandus Boego forfeited $50
ball 'in Police Court to-day for selling li^ue*-
In his recently opened restaurant . without oc
talnlng license. J&VtOHMHM
POLICEMAN TAKES BRIDE. — Oakland.
Oct. 26. — Andrew J. Caughram. a member of
the San Francisco Police Department, was
married here to-day to Mrs. Lillle Laws, an
actress.
BANKRUPTED BY SICKNESS. '— B. H.
Trenouth. clerk : and superintendent. West
Berkeley, filed a petition In insolvency yester
day m- too United States . District Court. Ho
owes $1033 and has no asset*. ,3SM|
Oakland Office San Francises Call,
:•..; 1016 Broadway, Oct.* 26.
The^. special committee - from the
Merchants' Exchange appointed to
confer with the Board of Education
relative to themanner in which it had
procured plans • for the schoolhouses
to - be erected with . the ' money recent
ly raised from the sale of bonds has
reported that the advertisement ifor
cpmpetitive; plans : had published
strictly in accordance". with law : and
copies ¦ mailed - to architects in' Oakland
and Sarr Francisco. -
:' The merchants' committee' was as
sured that no plan will be' adopted
and no buildings erected unless in the
judgment of -a "competent school of
architects such plans and buildings
are in every, respSct well adapted for
the use of the School Department. - If
the present plans are found to be un
satisfactory new ones will be adver
tised for. -¦¦'¦- .
The attack occurred at 1:30 p. m.,
while Mrs. Beaudry was attending to
household duties.' -' Apparently, lifeless
on the: floor, she. was: found by her
brother, James LI Guy, a conductor In
the employ, of the Southern; Pacific
Company. Dr. , J. F. RInehart was
hastily summoned and, fearing that the
stroke was fatal, he called Dr. E. H.
Woolsey in consultation.
After two hours Mrs. Beaudry partly
regained . consciousness, and , to-night
the ; physicians -hope ; to save 'her life.
Her entire right side is completely par
alyzed, and, there' is still danger that
the stroke may prove fatal. The patient
is the wife of; J.I E. ; Beaudry of Beau-"
dry ¦¦;& McAvoy, undertakers. They
were married ' three months ago in
Sacramento. -
Mrs. J. E. Beaudry, a bride of three
months, was suddenly stricken with
paralysis to-day /while, alone - at - her
home, 941 Union street. For several
hours little hope was entertained that
her - life would » be , saved. . •
• ¦ :;¦¦!• .¦.•.." •. -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
3 1016 Broadway, Oct. 26. -:
They are both within a couple of
years of the half century mark. Twen
ty-five years ago they married. They
lived together for a few years and had
several children and then a misunder
standing arose and a separation and
divorce followed. - Their early ' love
was burled and left behind; but a
meeting' recently by accident discov
ered to them that it could never be
forgotten. To-day they sought ' the
marriage ''license clerk together j and
after obtaining the permit were again
united. ,
Time won a victory to-day, proving
that he had so mellowed the hearts of
James A. Johnston and Ella A. John
ston after seventeen years of drift
ing in loneliness that they, for a sec
ond time, plighted their troth and are
once more husband and wife. Seven
teen years ago they were divorced and
have since gone. their own waya until
fate again cast them together upon
the same. shore.lsE2S8H3fi
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct.' 26.
The institute adjourned at 11 o'clock
to witness the maneuvers of the" uni
versity cadets, who gave a drill on the
campus for the entertainment of the
attendants at the Institute.
According to A. R, Sprague, presi
dent of the California Fruit Exchange
at Sacramento, whose paper was the
first one read at the afternoon session,
the fruit industry of California Is thor
oughly demoralized, so far as the sale
of the product is concerned. Mr.
Sprague is now in Chicago, and his
paper was read by Secretary Clark.
"Conditions are deplorable in Chi
cago," declared Mr. Sprague, "so far
as- the prune and raisin growers' in
terests are concerned. Dealers - op
erate to demoralize prices, alleging
that the instability of the price scale
In the past has caused them to lose
much money, and so they handle
prunes and raisins from California
enly when the demand Is urgent for
them, and they cut and slash rates
when they have to secure the fruit, so
that the man in California can ex
pect nothing from them but continued
demoralization of the industry."
Mr. Sprague's topic was ".The Es
sentials of Agricultural Organiza
tion." He referred to the failure of
prune growers' and raisin growers' or
ganizations, and said that unless the
fruit Interests were too much discour
aged to think of making another at
tempt he would suggest the forma
tion of a company with sufficient cap
ital to pay for the growers' product,
¦with an agreement v to handle such
product for five years, the product to
be paid for at the market rate when
the contract was made, with 50 per
cent of the . profits made - during the
Judge Peter J. Shields of Sacra
mento held the attention of the insti
tute while he read a paper on "The
Material, Social and Educational Value
of Instruction In Agriculture." The
university received from Judge Shields
a compliment for the great work it
has done and is now performing: for
the State's horticultural and agricul
tural Interests. He declared the uni
versity was the best investment the
_State ever made, citing, as instances
"of the work done for the farmers ! and
other sections of the public, the dis
covery and application of new reme
dies for pests, new methods of tilling
and fertilizing, new methods of cul
ture and new conveniences of all sorts.
Professor Hilgard urged upon all
who listened and upon those who
might hear through others of his re
marks the Importance and necessity of
sittenilon to detail. "The same atten
tion paid to the culture of land as is
given to the care and control of cor
porations would always result," said
the speaker, "In greater corresponding
dividends for the investor."
President Wheeler spoke first at the
jnorning session, his subject being "Re
cent Developments in Agricultural Ed
ucation." He reviewed at length the
progress made in recent years in farm
life, dealing with both the material and
Focial features of the life. He declared
that men who are most closely related
to the agricultural interests of the
country are swiftly learning their true
place and importance in the economy
of the nation. "Master of all trades is
the farmer," said the speaker. "The
civilization of the world is built upon
the soil, and upon its intelligent hand
ling depends the well being of the peo
ple — all of the people." -
Professor E. W. Hilgard, dean of the
College of Agriculture, delivered an ad
dress that excited apparently more in
terest than any of the other able and
weighty papers read during the insti
tute. His topic was "The Evolution of
Modern Agriculture." Beginning with
the earliest days, when most primitive
methods were used by the husbandman ,
and waste and Inefficiency character
ized of necessity the operations of all
men who tilled the soil and attempted
to feed themselves and the world, Pro
fessor Hilgard traced the progress made
by farmers of Europe, Asia and this
country, giving his hearers a vivid con
ception of the changes in methods and
results that have occurred with the
passage of the years.
"Ail the possibilities of soil cultiva
tion are not known," he announced,
"any more than are all the possibilities
In any other field of human endeavor,
but so tremendous are the strides that
have been taken by farmers, especially
during the. last decade, that the present
time may be accepted as a fit moment
for congratulation over triumphs
achieved."
Professor Elmer E. Brown presided at
the morning session, Professor E. J.
"U'ickson in the afternoon and Professor
W. A. Setchell at night. The general
topics discussed at the three sessions
were "Agricultural Education," "Agri
cultural Organization" and "Agricul
tural Research."
BERKELEY, Oct. 26.— The Fanners'
Institute to-day listened to addresses
dealing: -with problems of peculiar inter
est to farmers by men prominent in the
agricultural work of the State. Some
of the speakers were men connected
with the university, others were plain
fanners, while still others represented
professions not always looked upon as
connected with agriculture.
The auspicious opening: of the three
days' institute in the Greek Theater
yesterday proved to be but the begin
ning of a well attended and unusually
successful gathering, the three sessions
to-day being replete with valuable
features, enjoyed to the full apparently
'¦>>• an audience that taxed the capacity
cf Hearst Hall. ~- * -
REAL ESTATE .TRANSACTIONS.
Mrs. J. E. Beaudry in a
Serious Condition From Ill
ness That Came Suddenly
Directors Follow the Law
and Are Safeguarded
Against Possible Fraud
Make Amends for Mistake
That Led to Divorce and
a Prolonged Separation
FORGET DIFFERENCES
IS ALONE WHEN SEIZED
NOTHING IS IRREGULAR
Institute Considers Agricultural Education,
Organization and Research.
Found Unconscious at Resi
dence'and Suff^^^^
an Attack of Paralysis
Time Mellows the Hearts of
Couple Who Are Thrown
Together by Odd Chance
Merchants' Exchange Special
Committee Submits Its
Report on New Schools
FARMERS HEAR AND DISCUSS PAPERS
OF IMPORT TO THEM AND THE STATE
APPROVES WORK
OF THE BOARD
MARRY AGAIN
AFTER YEARS
YOUNG BRIDE
IS STRICKEN
THE iSAN^ FRANCISCO % CALAl, THURSDAY^ OCTOBER ,?27;v 1904;
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
4
FREE ; " FREE v FREE
r f.i: : £ ¦¦" : >:-WITH: ;: :/, ' .' '",
SUNDAY/ CALL
WANT-ADS.
A Coupon Entitling .You to One
: -¦ - "¦': .".-. rPouii<iC4bc
COFFEE of
THE GREAT/AMERICAN
vv- IMPORTING "TEA^CO.
' WithV Every^350 JSrriairiA^^
•yin SUNDAY CALL.
See: Small Page" for; Further:
. : '" ¦: ;. : .' .V; Particularity^i^: ¦ •'
SIGK'HEADACHE
1 — r — 1 Po8itirelr cured bj
fi A fyrr nO t these Litt le Pills.
\jf\ |\ I 1 1\ 0 " nke T «la> relleTa DJa-
arrn tress frcai Dyspepsia. In-
SSI ITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
£ -% I v Cs all edy for Dtolness, Nausea,
5g3 PILLS DrowBlness. Bad Taste
h'^1 El " hi the ; Month. Coated
P*^^3*» TongTie, Pain In the Side,
™^ M * BM ' " * I TORPID] UVER. They
rernlate tbe Bowels. Purely Vefetahle.
SMALLHUL SMJUl DOSE. SMALL PRICE,
(^RT£ft' S | CURE SICK HEADACflB.
¦Sittle Genuina Must Bear
S i V E R Fsc-Simile - Signature
g PILLS. -~y*—~ *
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL W
ALAMEDA COUOTI
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
x Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Onter Street.
Telephone North 17,
ALA31EDA-
14S3 Park Street..
Telephone Alameda 159.
ADV JbatTISE31EyT3.
GOT: A TOOTHACHE'?
Don't, attempt to cure it with 'any r af
the so-tailed toothache cures. ; Better let
DENTISTS
Examine : the' tooth," locate the trouble
and remove. the cause.
ZXAMIHATIO3S MASS PESB.
All our work is high grade. The teeth
made- in our laboratory are perfect •»-
appearance -and action. ¦
Plates. Tan Set. . $3 | Brldg-* .Work. . . . $5
P0ST-6RA0UATLDENTAL COLLEGE
3 TATX.OK ST^iAHnUJTCXSCO.
973 Waahiarton St, Oakland.
Swi'Jo««. -•..;'_- •"..*;•.: : ..'- ;:.. 8»onun«ato.CATALOGUES and CAR CARDS. — Gabriel
Printing Co.* print anything. 419 Sacramento. •
Native Sons Entertain.
Mission Parlor No. 38, N.\ S. .G.,W.,
gave its thirtieth entertainment at
Native Sons' Hall last night before a
big audience. Among those who par
ticipated in the programme were G.
U. Thomson, O- E. Kanien, L. Cava
lier, H. W. Gaber, Irene Bacig^lupi,
Mrs. I* A. Gibbons, Vincent Toomey,
Lester Alden, Grace Gould, Anne Bel
lew, Nat Phillips and Leonora Ro
land.
PARK JURY FAILS TO AGREE.— The Jury
in the case of B. C. Park, charged with felony
embezzlement, after, being out over eighteen
hours failed to agree and . Judge Lawlor dis
charged them BhorUy alter the noon hour yes
terday. Park purchased a men's furnishing
ntore at 232 Sixth street frora Mrs. Mary Ee
lowxky and In May, 1902, she gave him a pair
of diamond earrings, a diamond heart and clus
ter ring of the aggregate value of $205 to keep
for . her In his safe. : It 'was alleged • that he
pawned the articles and '. appropriated the
Detective Bureau Snes.
' A suit for $150 balance alleged to
be due on $500 worth of stock and
$5000 damages for failure to fulfill an
agreement was begun yesterday by
the United States Mercantile Detec
tive Police Bureau against T. J.
O'Hara. It is alleged that on August
22 an agreement was entered into
whereby O'Hara was to be appointed
assistant chief of Branch No. 1 of the
bureau at Oakland aijd was to sub
scribe for 1000 shares of the con-
I cern's stock at 50 cents a share. Be
sides he was to give a bond of $2000
for the faithful performance of his
duty. It is set forth that O'Hara
paid $350 on the stock account, refus
ing- to give the bond, and took posses
sion of the Oakland branch on Sept. 5.
After that it is charged he absented
himself from the. office and did not
attend to business.
Change, that sallo-sy. pimply face to a
clear, clean one by*using Lash's Bitters.*
The San Francisco Nursery for
Homeless Children is planning to hold
a "rummage sale" for the benefit of
the building fund. The affair will be
gin November & and continue for a
week. There will be many society
women In charge of the sale, and the
public is earnestly invited to co-op
erate in providing money to build ' a
commodious and modern home for the
little ones.
Nothing is too old, too odd or too
much out of fashion to be acceptable
to the managers of the sale. Persons
in search of bargains should remember
this sale, as there will be up for dis
posal clothing of all descriptions, fur
niture, carpets, rugs, curtains, orna
ments, dishes and toys, as well as
other useful and ornamental articles.
The managers of the nursery, who
have charge of the sale, and who are
collecting the contributions, are:
Mrs? J. Bc-rtz. 130G Hayes street; Mm. O. B.
Burns, south west corner of Mason and Pine
streets; Mrs. Kugsne Bresse. 3434 Clay street;
Mr*. Albeit Dcrnham, 2505 Devlsadero street;
Mrs. Henry Dernham, San Mau->; Mrs. James.
Eldir, Zl'i2 Clay street; Mrs. William L.
Gerstle. 2^60 Washington street; Mrs. F. V.
Wrijrht. northwest corner of Pine and Stockton
Ftreets; Mra. J. L. Gould. 1S1G Encinal avenue.
Alameda; Mr*. H. K. Law, 1526 Vallejo Rtreet;
Mrs. W. S. Leake. Palace Hotel; Mrs. Guy E.
Manning, «JC75 Clay street; Mrs. A. H. Martin.
3436 Clay itreet; Mrs. K. E. Osborne. 1014
I'aru street. Alatneda; Mrs. E. F. Preston,
2330 Broadway; MIsb Adelaide Pollock, 900
BroSerick street; Mrn. G. F. Shiels, Palace Ho
tel; Mrs. Georce Sptrrry, lMW Union street;
Mrs. J. J. Spieker, 21UO Devisadero street;
Mr*. J. J. Theobald, 2010 Pierce street; Mrs.
William Thomas, St. Francis Hotel; Mrs. \V.
W. Van Arsdale, Jackson fcnU Scott streets.
A visit to the present home of the
little waifs will shew that the need
of a new building with a capacity for
housing ,more children is very ur
gent. Applicants are turned away
every day owing to lack of proper ac-.
commodations. The beds in the dormi
tories are crowded together by twos
and threes, the plumbing is old and
bathing facilities are primitive.
The lack of accommodation is pain
fully apparent to the most casual ob
server. To accommodate . the nurses
and provide sleeping rooms for the
boys extra buildings were erected some
time ago, and even these are now filled
to overcrowding. The rooms of one
old structure that was formerly a
conservatory are now used as a work
room, directors' room and study.
Rummage Sale Will Be Held
to Raise Funds for New
and Commodious Nursery
Ten Cents WC1 Be Exacted From
Ecldcis or Passes, Wliicli Snn
Goes to BencCt Fund.
la the future theatrical people who
have been admitted free to the dif
ferent theaters will be compelled to
pay a small fee. The managers of the
different places of amusement have
decided to adopt the rule which is In
vogue in tha East of charging the
"talent" the sum of 10 cents per per
son to see the show.
Ths money realized from this
source v.-ill be turned into the actors'
benefit fund. The rule went into ef
fect yesterday. Ilany who were not
aware of it were forced to pay the
assessment, which they did without
hesitancy, realizing the good that it
does.
When one of the profession pre
sents a pass it is stemped and the fee
of 10 cents is exacted. The money
and the passes are s?nt back to the
Actors' Home at Staten Island, X. Y.
PLAN TO AID
CITY'S WAIFS
Senor Torres, who is Alcalde of Aguas
Calientes. met Way on the street and
greeted him in the Mexican fashion.
Way, being a stranger to the customs
of the country, did not return the sa
lutation bo cordially as the Alcalde be
lieved he should. The hot blood of the
Mexican boiled. He had been insulted
by a "gringo."
Nursing his wrath, hie strode into a
wine shop, where he imbibed freely.
With every glass his rage increased,
and he left the place" to ask the au-
Consul Kaiser's mission to the capital
is to make an . official report on the
shooting of two Americans, Clarence
Way and Edward Latimer, In Aguas
Calientes on July 19. They are said to
have been shot by order of Senor H.
Torres while he was under the influ
ence of liquor and angered by a fancied
insult.
p Louis Kaiser, the American Consul at
Mazatlan, is now in this city on his
way to Washington with a report that
may make things unpleasant for Senor
H. Tores, nephew of General Luis E.
Torres, who is one of the party accom
panying Vice President Ramon Corral
of Mexico on his visit to the United
States.
phofessiox-Hj persons
must pay a fee
TWO PRINCIPAL OFFICERS OF THE "PHOTOGRAPHERS' ASSOCIATION OF
CALIFORNIA. WHICH IS HOLDING ITS AXNUAXi CONVENTION AND EXHI
BITION IN THE JLRT GALLEIiT OF THE MECHANICS* PAVILION. .
SAYS ALCALDE
WAS TO BLAME
» a. m.. demonstration of American arts to
papers and the new printing lamp, by Frank
H. Doyle; 11 a. m., lecture on art by J. P.
Lat!mer; 1:30 p. m., talk on business methods
by L. D. Hicks; 2 p. m., heart to heart talks
by the members; 3 p. mi manufacturers and
dealer?: the members will devote the rest of
the afternoon to inspecting the exhibits and
purchasing; jroodF; 7 p. m., demonstration of
the Cooper-Hewitt lamp in negative making,
by Will Lrtissier; this demonstration will begin
promptly on the hour, and members are re
quested to note the same: 7:36 p. m., Eastman
Kodak Company's bromide demonstration by
I>. J. "Winfffield: 9 P. m.. demonstration of
Anthony & Scovlll monarch and cyko papers
by J. A. Dahleren.
The officers of the Photographers'
Association of California are: O. H.
Boye, president; L. F. Terkelson, vice
president; H. G. Vaughan, treasurer;
D. F. Mullender, secretary; Louis
Thors, director; Jacob Fowzer, ser
geant at arms.
Following is the programme for to
day:
For the best portrait done by an
Eastern photographer the association
will give a beautiful bronze statue .of
Victory. This trophy has induced many
of the best known Eastern photograph
ers to compete and among them are:
J. C. Strauss. St. Louis; Mary Car'nell,
Philadelphia; M. R. T. McCarthy, New
York; H. H. Merris, Texas; George G.
Holloway, Indiana, and the Proctor
Studio of Pennsylvania, The trophy
will be awarded on the last day of the
convention.
The general exhibit from the North
west Association occupies a prominent
place and attracts much attention.
The interstate exhibit Is tasteful and
artistic. Others Whose work wins ad
mirers are: F. A. Webster, Oakland;
F. C. Schumacher,- Los Angeles; O. V.
Lange, Berkeley, and Andrew P. Hill,
San Jose.
reproductions. The work shows strik
ingly the wonderful strides made in
photography.
At 11 o'clock John M. Gamble, the
well-known authority on photography,
gave a short and interesting talk on
"Art and Criticism of Pictures." After
lunch two firms manufacturing pho
tographic supplies gave an exhibition
of their wares. In the evening a prom
enade concert wa3 given and the doors
of the exhibition were thrown open to
the public.
The local photographers who have
placed pictures in- the exhibit are:
Vaughan & Keith, Taber, O. H. Boye,
Bushnell, Elite Studio, Dore Studio, H.
C. Tlbbitts, Stanford Studio, A. C.
Pillsbury, C. T. Kohler. George H.
Knight, Louis Thors, L- H. Wilton and
S. E. Goodall.
Consul Kaiser regards the actions of
Torres as having been malicious. He
says that while. Mexican policemen are
not usually armed with revolvers, Tor
res himself armed the one he sent after
Way with a pistol. The people of Aguas
Calientes were much incensed at the act
of the Alcalde. Torres is still in jail.
Consul Kaiser is so indignant over it
that he is paying the expenses of his
trip home in order to lay the matter
before the authorities of the State De
partment at the national capital.
The affair is of great interest owing
to the high official connections of the
accused Alcalde. His uncle, Luis H.
Torres, is at present in this city with
the Vice President of Mexico. General
Torres is commander of the first war
zone.
: The policeman was punished ¦with
death, but the Alcalde was fined 5500
and sentenced to ten months in "ar
rest." While the policeman did the kill
ing, it was done under orders from
Senor H. Torres, and his punishment
is not regarded as adequate. Consul
Kaiser will lay the matter before the
authorities at Washington, with a de
mand that more suitable reparation be
exacted for the murder of the two
Americans.
Latimer, who was a close friend of
Way, happened to be near by. He heard
the altercation and arrived just as his
compatriot fell dead. Burning with in
dignation. Latimer started to get a re
volver. The Mexican policeman killed
him as he turned away.
thorities to order the arrest of Way.
This was refused, and Senor Torres
himself signed a warrant for the person
of Clarence Way, dead or alive.
A Mexican policeman took the war
rant and executed it to the letter. Whe n
the fellow accosted Way the American
resisted, not knowing why he should be
arrested. The policeman drew a re
volver and fired, killing Way almost
instantly.
. "We - kept company," ¦ ahe i said, "and
he was : good '. to - me, and I don' t think
he knew what ¦ he was ; doing when ' he
shot me, and I wasn't: much hurt any
way, . and I want to get away; to the
country,*: and : : that's , ; all I have .' to say
aboutUt.""
, And. that's all, she could . be ; inveigled
into I saying : . about it," although i Judge
Moean ' exercised • his » finest I suasive art
Miss Elvira Groce, who was shot and
seriously wounded by Paul Sassac Sat
urday night on " Montgomery, avenue,
declined to prosecute her assailant.
Miss Hazel Damon, who displayed fe
line proclivities; when Patrolman Orr
arrested her for drunkenness : and; dis
orderly behavior one Saturday evening
in the redllght section of O'Farrell
street, was fined $100 by Judge Mogan.
Asked If she had that amount of
money to "contribute, to the city's main
tenance, she surlily snapped, ."Naw, but
I kin git it!" "She was given till this
morning. to pay the fine or go to jail.
Louis Gracce, a diminutive Italian
with one arm terminating at the elbow,
declined to accept dismissal on the
condition that he pledge himself to shun
the wine cup' for one calendar year.
Life, he averred in fearfully mutilated
English, would be absolutely arid to
him If he were to abjure its occasional
irrigation with grape Juice. If he had
beaten his wife while Bacchus ruled his
brain, as she alleged, he probably was
provoked to do so by. her defiance of his
authority— an authority, he would have
Judge Fritz to understand, that was
not curtailed by the amputation of one
of his forearms. No, he would not swear
off indulgence in intoxicants, and the
court might do its worst.
The court did not do its worst, but
sentenced the fiery little man to thirty
days' imprisonment. : and exnresse-V a
hope that at the end of that period
his senses would be sufficiently clarified
to enable him - to * appreciate the error
of his obstinacy.
"It's a nice thing that a lady can't
sit down in a public square and close
her eyes without being arrested for it,"
was the rather evasive answer. "I'd
like to know what public squares are
for, if a lady can't sit. down in one of
them and close her eyes."
"Public squares are not maintained
as public sleeping places," his Honor
retorted, "nor were they ever intended
to be used as public drinking places.
You both drank and slept in Union
square, the policeman says."
"I'd like to hear the policeman say
what he spilled that sherry for," said
the defendant.
Then she was pronounced guilty of
misdemeanor. - '.: :
"Why did you fall asleep where the
officer found you?" asked Judge Mogan
when he obtained opportunity to insert
the query edgeways.
Mrs. Cordelia Burbank of 174 Fourth
street denied that whisky was contained
in the flask found in her possession
when she was arrested for sleeping at
3:20 o'clock p. m. on a bench in Union
square. The liquor was sherry, she de
clared, and she would like to know
something definite about the statute
which authorized the policeman to spill
the tipple. This desire on her part was
inspired by doubt that any such statute
existed. In fact, she firmly believed
'that the destruction of her property
was an offense punishable by law, and
she proposed to stand upon her rights
as a taxpayer.
R. A. Woods of Westport, Mendo
cino County, told a very remarkable
tale of how he had been waylaid and
robbed by James Cullen one night last
week on Fourth street and at its con
clusion Judge Mogan dismissed the
case and advised the narrator to re
turn to the redwoods.
It was about 7 o'clock ~>. ra. t Mr.
Woods testified, when Fourth street
suddenly swam around him and then
disappeared entirely. Shortly after 5
o'clock the following morning Fourth
street gradually reappeared to his
vision and he found himself prostrate
upon one of its sidewalks. The ten
hour interim would'have been an un
broken blank if some Samaritan had
not raised his head and poured a gen
erous dose of whisky down his throat.
He had rather hazy recollection of
that act of kindness, he said, and it
was evidently the whisky then ad
ministered that led the policeman who
effected his permanent j resuscitation
to suspect that he was drunk. How
much money he had been robbed of
he could not clearly remember, nor
could he positively identify Mr. Cullen
as the author of his protracted stay
in oblivion. But that he was struck
down- and plundered and that he was
not drunk when stricken down he
would swear.
When it was disclosed that Cullen
had been arrested on suspicion, chiefly
based on the fact that he was impe
cunious and idle, the court abruptly
disposed of the case.
As the jackal clings to the lion and
the pilot fish adheres to the shark, so
did Mr. Bancroft stick to Mr. Troy.
When Mr. Troy did his probing afoot
Mr. Bancroft also walked. When Mr.
Troy used hi3 buggy Mr. Bancroft
dogged him on a bicycle. And even
when the day's touring was finished
and Mr. Troy enjoyed, rest in the bos
om of his family Mr. Bancroft loitered
in a nearby tonsorial parlor and en
gaged the proprietor thereof to saun
ter with seeming absence of intent
past the Troy domicile, but really,
Mr. Troy believed, to ascertain what
was going on therein. So wearied did
Mr. Troy at last become of the inter
minable espionage that he liled formal
complaint against his Nemesis and
made the charge disturbing the peace.
After hearing all the testimony
Judge Cabaniss said that it proved the
defendant's guilt as accused.
Mr. Troy, who is an insurance
agent, testified that the complained-of
."shadowing" began . immediately af
ter his participation in a mass meet
ing of Richmond district residents, at
which steps were taken to effect some
reforms in the street railway service
of that region. It was alleged by
some of the orators that a fatal car
accident of recent occurrence was at
tributable to inefficiency on the part
of the men who had charge of the*
vehicles, and Mr. Troy promised to
investigate that and other matters
pertaining to the management of the
United Railroads in its relationship to
public convenience and safety. Pur-
Buant to that pledge he sallied forth
to inspect ana interview, soon to find
that his every movement was watched
by Mr. Bancroft, whom he had pre
viously suspected of being employed
as a "capper" by the street railroad j
corporation.
Roy Bancroft of 1013 Hayes street
was convicted yesterday of disturbing
the peace by persistently "shadow
ing" E. P. E.Troy'of 632 Point Lobos
avenue, and Police Judge Cabaniss
imposed a fine of $30, which was paid-
For peddling lottery tickets in pub
lic places Fred Johnson was fined $100
by Judge Mogan.
Charles Davis was intoxicated when
he pursued Secretary Henry Huber of
the Cooks' and Waiters' Union all
over the headquarters of that organ
ization with, an upraised chair and
intent to do great bodily' harm. Judge
Fritz fined Mr. Davi3 $10.
William Adams, professional deliv
erer of meat to retail customers, was
lighting a cigarette when his horse
bolted and scared many pedestrians on
Market street ere he could get it un
der control. His attorney asked the
complaining policeman if he had wit
nessed the cigarette lighting, and when
answered in the negative moved for
dismissal on the ground that the pros
ecution had utterly failed to show that
the runaway was attributable to care
lessness on the part of the defendant.
Ere the court could rule on the motion
the defendant conveyed chagrin to his
legal representative by confessing that
hf had relinquished his grip of the
reins in order to roll and light a ci
garette.
Case continued.
* • •'
Patrolmen . Davis and McGrane
united in the allegation that when
they entered a Commercial street
"wine joint" in quest of James Swift,
wanted for vagrancy, they were as
sailed with coaYse badinage by the
unkempt habitues of the place, and es
pecially by Harry. Bane, who collect
ed his tattered coat-tails as the kan
garoo girl clutches her skirts and in
pretended affright ran behind the free
lunch counter, shouting as he hast
ened: "Duck yer nut, fellers; here's
Ce wine-bum detectifs!" Angered by
the appellation thus bestowed, the of
ficers gathered in its author as well as
Mr. Swift and hoped the court would
do the rest. Judge Mogan responded
by sentencing both Mr. Bane and Mr.
Swift to thirty days' imprisonment.
Edward Parker, who was stabbed
by May Parker in front of the wom
an's house on Stevenson street one
night several weeks ago, rivals Miss
Croce in reluctance to prosecute. He
did not appear to testify against the
woman yesterday, and Judge Mogan
ordered that he be brought into court
on October 31. The order was sup
plemented with an intimation that if
the man refuses to testify he will be
sent to jail.
in the endeavor. She will be given an
other chance to say something about it
to-day.
ROY BANCROFT CONVICTED AND FINED
his •accuser an insurance agent
The walls of the gallery were hid
den behind hundreds of studies from
local and Eastern photographs. Most
of these were portraits, but the ex
hibit includes every manner of camera
The second annual convention of the
Photographers* Association of Califor
nia was formally opened yesterday In
the art gallery of the Mechanics' Pa
vilion. Representatives from studios all
over the State were present when O.
H. Boye made the address of welcome.
The convention will continue to-day
and to-morrow.
Exhibition of Artistic Camera Work Attracts Crowd
to tlie Mechanics' Pavilion Art Galleru.
PHOTOGRAPHERS IN CONVENTION
PERSISTENT "SHADOWING"
IS DISTURBANCE OF PEACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1904.
5
FREE' FREE • FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CA'LL
WANT ADS.
A Coupon Entitling You to One
Pound 40c
"TOP QUALITY" COFFEE of
THE GREAT AMERICAN
IMPORTING TEA CO.
With Every 25c >Small Ad
in SUNDAY CALL.
¦• ___
See Smair AdPage'ior Further
• Particulars.
ADVEirriSEaiEXTS.
A very 6well Knife and choice
value. I also have a specially pood
Knife fcr J?1.OO. It pays to buy a
pood one.
GOOD RAZORS as lew an $ 1.OO. If
you have an old Razor I will allow you
liberally for it in exchange for a new cne.
STAR f AFETY RAZOR, reduced from
fTOO to JJ1.-5. Now is tbe time to buy
Try a CXTSKUIK'S PEI^F-FILLING
FOUNTAIN PEN— the Pen that fills Itself.
No dirty finr^rn w!th the Conklin. Does
not eweat or drip — $3.00 up.
Good Razor Strops. fiOe up.
2 bars Williams Shaving Emd, 15c.
Kazars hened and ground. Honing, 25c.'
Mall Orders Promptly FUled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. "W. PITTS, The , Stationer, '.-:¦
1008 2CAB.XZT &IEEET, Cpo. Fifth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
No Breakfast Table
complete without '
The Cream of Cocoas.
The Most Nutritious
and Economical.
pTnTCCol CTRE SICK HEADACH3.
l?3rrTiE Gsnuina Must Bear
gj I VER Fas-Simile Signature
PILLS.
1 y^jcw^^fez^^
_________'__________;
"REGAL— the Shoe that Proves," is a claim based on
undeniable facts.
" __ The " Window of the Sole " proves in every Regal
shoe genuine Oak Tanned soles — flexible, light,
YffiS durable — tanned in our Regal tanneries by old-
\ff«a f asn i° nc d, slow processes. >£CV
*^R^ The Buzz Saw proves honest Regal
workmanship throughout — every detail,
J^^^^^^^^ hidden or otherwise, of a standard to
match the excellence of our famous
Kin 2 Calf uppers— the toughest, most
i^^^^^^^^l^/ P^ a^ e leather ever put into a shoe.
Regal excellence in these hidden qual-
Jr^^^^^^^^Psil es insures perfect shape retention and
that lasting $10 custom, look, which
•^^^^^^^^^^^ marks Regals to the very end of
their long, satisfactory wear.
0! shoes which have Ieft our -
]^^^»^^^P^iak_ factory ncne has proved Regal
<H|^^^^^ excellence in style, material
and workmanship more con-
75 New * "® e S
Fall Styles /£««l^iIlliiiPi^ J ust the , shoe for TounK. 1 ™ 5 ? t ™$°
ran j^jrit:* (>\^^£S^A&^S^Il want advance style. Careful de-
Each in ¦2S8iit' *^?^S'JC3Ki*^' s 'K n; ' n^ I"** 5 removed any tendency
Rejra^^STCTM. accomplished that narrow toe.
Price alvfrayJJ-. v/lth " slope " effect which, witi»
¦—-»--.- *'¦ . r '- \ -^JSsBBbS gajjafflek the button style, makes a model
*S approved b7 the most dbcrimi-
*r £^_\%____2m* natinp dresaerv Like all the
75 xveg^l styles, made in
Send for Style BooK. Mail Orders promptly filled.
Sold direct from tannery to consumer. Tho largest retail shoe liustue— fa»
tbe world. 8O stores In . principal cities frost I»oadoo to San Francisco.
" -_'¦'•-•.•-•¦ •¦¦-'"¦ v'i/ ¦'.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦' • ' ' -> "'¦ ,..
MEN'S STOSE V'' SAN FRANCISCO ¦WOMEN'S STOBE
Cor. Qeory and StocktorfSta. i«hwi«w«. Cor. Oeary aad Stockton St».
Oakland Store, ioio Broadway.
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
MAUY-AIS MUSIC CO.
S33 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
Send for Catalogues of Music.
OCEAN* TRAVEL. *
jJ ig\_' 'e?!^ Steamers tears Broadway
/^NV^^St'V wharve* (piers 0 and II).
f£f/_ Smn Francisco:
/WyVw^ia V*\ For Ketchlkan. Wrnng«L
11 vfw»?A 1 \ - unea u. Treadwells. Hatne.,
I \ XCaMGal I Skasway. etc.. Ala»ka— 11
\A \\ yet/ *: tau \ Oej? 0 *"" 12. 17. 22. 27.
V/SS^ I>iOT - L Change to this com/.
\m»j=»K5/' pany'» steamers at Seattle.
Fcr Victoria. VancouTcr.
Port Townsend. B«att!e. Tacoma. • Everett.
South Belllnsham. Bellin«ham — 11 m. m. Oct.
12, 17. 22. 27. Nor. 1. Change at SeattU to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry. : it Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:39
p. el, October 13. 19. £3. 31. Nov. & Corona.
1:20 p. m.. October 4. 10. 16. 22. 23. Nov. 3.
For Los Angelra (via Pert Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Aneeles (via- San Pedro and East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Slmecn, Cayucoa, Port HarTord (3*a
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita. D a. in.. October 14. 22. 30. Nor. T.
Coos Bay. J> a. m.. October 10. IS. 28. Nov. 3.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jcse dsl
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th <>ach m».
For further Information obtain folder. Righc
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing date*.
TICKET OF7XCZS — 4 New Montgom-
ery *t. 'Palace Hotel). 10 Market «..and Broad-
way wharves. Prelirtit Otise 10 Market st.
C I>. DUNANN. Genera! Passenger Agent.
10 Market »t.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 29 Sutter »t.. will
call for and check ba;rea?» from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AZXEBXCAXr IiZHS.
Plymonth — diarbonrc — Sont&amptos.
From New York, Saturday. S>:SO a. m.
Philadelphia ...Nov. .'.I New York Nov. 19
•Flnld.Nov.l2.1rt:".O amiSt. Paul Nov. 29
•Calling at Dover fcr London and Paris.
ATXA2TTTC TSA2ISP0BT JJ3TB.
Iffew Tork— Iicadoa Direct.
Mlnnehaha.N'v.5. ":.T0 p|Menomin»>»».Nov.lO,10 %
Minneapolis .Nv.l?. 0 alMirotko.N-ov.26. 7:30 a
DOaXXZTZOIT r.IJTE.
Mantreal — Uvcrpool — Short sea passage.
Canada Nov. 12ISouthTvark ....Nov. 19
BTS STAS 1.1^2.
17 ew Tork — Antwaxp — I.oniloa — Paris.
CaHlnur at Dover for London and Parts.
From New York. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m.
Zeeland Nov. 31 Vaderland Nov. 1»
Finland Nov. 12' Kroonland Nov. 28
WHITE STAS UXH.
Vevr Tork — Q-aeensto-wm — livorpocl.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Majestic. Nov. 9. 10 ami Baltic. Nov. SO. 11 am
Oceanic. Nov IS. nocn Cedric. .Dec. 7, 5:."U> a
Majestic. Nov. 23. 10 a' Oceanic. .Dec. 14. 10 a
Boston — Qneenstowa — Liverpool.
Cymric November 17
rTEVT TOBK A3TD BOSTOK DXSSCT
To the 22e4ito7ranean.
Tla Azores. fUtmltar, tfaoiea, Genoa.
- FROM. NEW YORK.
CRITIC Nov. 3. Dec. 12. Feb. 4. March M
REPUBLIC Dec. 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 25
FROM BOSTON. .
CANOPIC Nov. 10. Jan. 7, Feb. 18
ROMANIC Dec. 10, Jan. 23. Mar. 11
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger A rent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
5. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 20, 11 a-m.
6. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Nov. 10, 2 p. m.
S. &. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Nov. 23. 11 a. nv
IJ.SF3ICIELS& BROS. CO., A£i.Tic![3t(HC56i3!i>
ist Frcij&t Cfflcs 323 Mamt St.. Fin 7. Pacifc u.
COCTAQaXE GS5E31L3 TSl^SATIilSIiaSl.
DIRECT UNB TO HAVRE-PAEZ8 ___ t^m m
eaillag every Thur»day ltattad ot *aTSS»
Saturday, at 10 a. nu. from Pier <U.
North River, foot of Morton st.
Ftnt class to Havre. 970 asd cjnrart. fl-»-
ead dw« to Havre. 115 and upward. O»y-
ERAL AQKNCT FOR UNITED STATES AJO>
CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudsoa buUilafju
New York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Piclfle Co***
Ag«nts B Montgomery avenue. Saa Fr»ncUa».
Xiekats sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
TO U.S. HAVY YARD AND YALLEJQ
STEAMER IlT CORCORAN
leaves &. F-. Clay st. N nd of Farry *»'"*t.
dally 9:30 a. m.. S and *S p. m. Saadays..
IdOt. m.. 8 p. m.. l«av» Vallejo dally S:34
a. m.. 12:20 and 3:30 p. m. Sundays 1 p. m.
Fare 2Sc P. A. O. Co. Fbon* Mala iU.
•Saturdays excepted. '
For 17. S. Kavy Tard ana VaUaJo.
Sirs. General Friable. Montlcello and Arrow,
9:45 a.m.. 12:80 p.m., 3:10 p.m.. S p.m., 8:3Osw
m Leave Saa . Frandsco Sundays »:*J a-m.,
12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m.. a:SO pm. Leav* Vail***. I
a.m.. 0 a.m.. . 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., S pjn. Soa»
day*. 1 a.m.. » a.m.. 3:20 pm.. • p.m. Fist X
ex. Miulun «.; fitioaa Uala 1103. HATCH BROS
ADVEaRnSEMEyTS.
jjEJigafcrr .•-. • '. .._' ._ wii[ | . .. ' • ziStGsaaiZ;
"j San Francisco. Thursday, 27 October. 13W.
' "Eighteeen years ago I bought a gray hair mattress of you and now
I want another one just like it." (Actual remark of a customer In our
Sacra men to house recently.) Truly, this U one of tha strongest testa of a
Body brussels carpet
for hall antl stairs, $1.50
One of the best selling carpets in the Breuner car- ~ e
pet store and a floor covering that upholds our "quaf-
ity" reputation loyally. But quality does not alone
enjoyythe credit for its popularity — style comes in for. «
an equal share. We pride ourselves on the high char-
acter of our carpet patterns and true merit only can
win a place in our line. The price we ask includes
sewing, lining, laying and the best possible service.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
J-^L*- *° J28 1 Gear y St. , at Union SquareBattling Nelson, chaperoned by his
manager, Teddy. Murphy, followed
close upon* the wake of Young Cor
bett and his party and arrived in this
city early last evening direct from
Chicago. The fighting Norwegian
looks in good shape and in his usual
meek manner says he will give Cor
bett a good time when the pair hook
up next month. Nelson .will repair to
Larkspur this morning, where I he will
commence light work preparatory to
getting ; ready, for the ' coming battle
He Is much interested in the . outcome
of . the Britt-Gans fight though he
does not like Mo venture an opinion
as to its outcome.: ,. /.
"No, I don't want any of Britt if
Gans beats him," said Corbett. "But
I am on for* a fight if he beats the
colored man. Of course, I feel hurt
at ¦ the c way he has treated me, but it
can't be helped now and I will have
to make the best of It. I will beat
Nelson" and if Britt beats Gans I sup
pose we will be ready to meet in
December or January. I came out
expressly to see the Britt-Gans go and
I hope to witness a great battle."
Corbett looks bipgrer and heavier
than he ever looked before. He real
izes he wants a lot of work and there
fore he Intends to get busy at once
and do the best he can. He figures
on being in splendid condition after
a month's work.' ,
Young Corbett dropped, into town
quietly yesterday morning, accom
panied by his trainer, Harry Tuthill,
and by' his brother, Jimmy Rothwell.
The former champ looked as swell as
fiver, being togged out just like any
chappie along, the line. He looked
big and fat and says he intends to get
down to work to-day at Sheehan's
Ocean Beach Tavern.
Corbett ami Nelson Her<\
Rollrr Cjrlo Race and Dancr.
The first roller cycle race and done*
of th* <w?nf»on will be srtTen under th*
Rtuplcea of the Anjrel city Wheelmen
on November 1 at Natlre Sons' Hall.
The principal prize of the night will
be the Kerrigan trophy — n, bamlaoma
cup presented in behalf of Superior
Judge Frank H. Kerrigan fay his many
friends.
Montana Coursers
Will Compete on
Union Park Field
The first of the Montana greyhounds
which will course here this winter have
arrived. Four of them will make their
first appearance at Union Coursing
Park on Sunday. They are Dexter B,
Quicksand, Kintla and Cranberry
Sauce. The draw for this week's run
ning resulted as follows:
Class stake — Gambit vs. Richard Anton; La
Rosa va. Belle Free; Friendless Boy va. The
Referee; Duhallow vs. Pomona.
Reserve stake — Ready Addreas vs. Mickey
Free; Story's Sister vs. Amandan: J E H
vs. Tralee Boy; Jack Short vs. Aurelia; Daisy
Rocket vs. Mi Amigo; J R vs. Slroc; Cran
berry Sauce vs. Homer Bay; Rocked Asl«ep
vs. Adonis; Maid o' Gowrie.vs. Concord Tra
lee; In Time vs. R W; Haphazard vs. Golden
Fortune; Belle Marie v». Our Motto; Texas
Blackllps vs. Shadow: Valley Brew vs. So
fala; Quickaand vs. Red Rock: Dorothy M
vs. Golden Garter; Tricksy vs. Flaunt; Ragged
Actor vs. Rocker Arm; Real Pasha vs. Little
Dainty; Rich Array vs. Texas Jill; Tralee Lass
vs. Klntla; Rapid Water va. Una; Lampre F.cl
vs. Sherman: Sunnybrook vs. Prompto; Rose
Tree ve. Renegade Apache: Star Sylvanus vs.
Runaway Actress; Dexter B va. Racing Auto;
Rose of Gold vs. Reckless Acrobat.
BIG MORENO LASTS ONLY
' HALF A ROUND WITH CASEY
Standstill and Earns a Merited
Decision.
Bob Cairns Fights Mike Synfy to a
After Jim Casey had landed two or
three fairly effective wallops on the
jaw of Walter Moreno last night the
latter seemed all in and the police put
a stop to further slaughter. Moreno
went down four or five times and
seemed afraid of his burly opponent.
The men were doing the main stunt
for the Lincoln Athletic Club at Me
chanics' Pavilion Annex. Their per
formance was the crowning portion of
a shabby programme.
Bob Cairns won the verdict of Mike
Synfy in the best encounter of the
nighL Both men battled desperately
and on several occasions both were
all In. Synfy rallied in the last two
rounds and had Cairns on his way to
queer alley. But the latter's good
wallop came in handy at critical mo
ments and won him the decision.
Young Choynski beat Joe Larkin in
four rounds, James McCann quit in
the first round of his go with James
Fitzgerald, Jack Coyne finished Gene
Turner in a round and Al McDonald
was given the decision over Mike
Kutchos.
King's Trophy Wins Derby Trial.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Oct. 26.— Elm Ridge
racing results:
First race, one and an eighth miles — Tele
phone wou. Honeful Mies second; Dungannon
third Time. 1:54%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Envoy
won, Mart Gentry second, St. D«nls third.
Time. l:OSVi.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Princess Tulane won, Lctla second, Lacy
Crawford third. Time. 1:48%.
Fourth race, the Derby Candidates' stakes,
one mile, two-year-olds — King's Trophy won,
Tyrolean second, Girdlestone third. Time, 1:41.
Fifth raoe, five furlongs — Jimalong won. Van
Ness second, Jehune third. Time, 1:01 14.
r-'lxth race, seven furlongs — Porquol Pas won,
Sigraund second. Waterspout third. Time,
1:28.
An Easy One for Tommy Ryan.
BENTON HARBOR. Mich., Oct. 26.
Tommy Ryan, the middle-weight pu
gilist, to-night knocked out Tommy
Wallace of Philadelphia in the fifth
round of a bout scheduled to go ten
rounds.
Winner, H. Gardner's br. c. (3) by dganteum-
Roca Reglna. Hands Across 107, Jackfull 107,
Duncan 103. Friendless 103, Carnellan 107, fin
ished an named.
TERNS ROD SHOWS SPEED.
Gallops Over the Best -Youngsters at
Delmar In Baby Race.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 26.- — Terns Rod ran
a fine race In to-day's two-year-old
feature at Delmar, romping over the
best youngsters at the track. The fa
vorites fared poorly. The ' weather
was clear and the track fast. Attend
ance 8000. Summaries:
FIRST RACE — One mile and •eventy yardt;
three-year-olds and ud:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin. :
« to 1— Mint Bed. 104 (Wilams) 4 1 1U1 2
6 to 1— Klngstelle. 104 (Lee) 1 01 21
15tol— Brad. Bill. 100 (Loague) 9 S.% 3 3
Time. 1:47H- Start good. Won easily.
Winner. P. Ungar's ch. m. (5) by Galon d'Or-
Gargle. Golden Light 104 Tribes; 104,.-Sanc
tlssima 99. Trogan 100, , Jake Web«r 10*. John
II 104. Chapalla 100, Dr. Bums 109, Billy
Moore 100. finished as named. '
SECOND RACE — Blx furlongs: two-year
olds:.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.'
20 to 1 — Ca«hler. PS (Lee). . .. . r. . 8 - 6 H 1 )4 -
Otol— Dromlo. 103 (Austin)...; 2 6 3 2ns'
2 to 1— Anadarco, 08 (Dickson) . . 3 2 h 3 n '
¦ Time. 1:16. 1 Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. A. L. Aste's ch. c, by Longlight-Truaty.
Sandbath 98,. Tartan 98. La Princess 95, Rus
sell H 103, Courant 95. Renaissance 100, Mell
wood 98. Kitty > Belle ; Brooks 88, Jovial r 103.
finished aa' named.
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St - '¦¦.%' Fin.
4 to 1— Flagstaff, 100 (Lee) . . . . . . I •' 2 h 1 n -
6 to I— Alw. Faithful, 99 (Wilms) 7 1 1%2 10 ,
5 to 1— Lookaway. 97 (Dickson). .5333 1e
' - Time, - 1:22%. / . Start Door.\ '-¦ Won driving '
1 Winner. - A. L. Aste'a ' ch. c br Star • Ruby-
Lntonla Race Results.
CINCINNATI. Oct. M.— Latonia. raetn* r*.
suit*;
First rac*. flv» furlongs — Nat B won, lt»td*l
barg mcend, Baulsbrrry third. Time, l;01H-
Second race, on* mt!» — Taxman won. Show*
man f-eon.1. varro third. Tiro*. 1U1H.
Third race, handicap. ste»p!achas«. abort
eeurs* — Dalzaa w«ti, t\oh Tlm# ««con4. Rip
third. Time. 3:02.
Fourth rao», nix fufton«i»— Comrade wen. TJs*
R»*»nt mcend, Olr-1'» third. Tim*. l:U*j.
Fifth raee. bm and a <|Uart«r mil**— CuraM
won. Prism Mcend, Barney Durfca third, Tims*
3;<riH.
Stxtb race, firm and * hfl.ir fnrtwjn Ow
Oown wen, Oep«n4* «iw«>o4, AsbU Ch*pmaA
thir4. Tlsw. tiWH.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 26. — Al
though Butler was clouted for four
two-baggers he pitched superior ball
and, with good support, won his game
from Jones. In the ninth, with one
run needed to tie the score, Butler
walked Brashear. Then Spies drove
out his scond two-bagger of the day.
The sphere headed toward left field.
While Nadeau ' was going after it
Brashar w v as tearing around the cor
ners. Nadeau winged the ball to
Beck and the Dutchman whipped the
leather to the plate, where "Kellackey
stood with outstretched hands. Bra
shear came along a fraction of a sec
ond too late. The score:
Portland — 1 Loa Angeles^ —
AB. R. H. P.A. KB. R. H. P.A.
Thlmn.cf 3 110 O Eager.cf 2 0 0 10
Hollnd.rf 4 0 1' 0 0 Bernrd.cf 2.0020
Nadau.lf 4 0 3 4 1 Flood. 2t> 4 1113
H.ck. 3b 4 1 1 2 2 Smith. 3b 4 1 18 0
Runkle.ss 3 0 0 3 5 Cravth.rf 4 0 0 2 1
h'pncr;2b 3 0 2 2 2, Chase, lb 3 0 1 8 1
Kellkey.c 3 0 17 ljToman.ss 3 0 0 13
Davls.lb 4 1 0 S 0|Ross. If 4 0 0 1 0
Butler, p 4 1 1 0 2 Spies, c 4 1 2 3 0
Jones, p 3 0 1 0 4
Totals 32 4 10 27 13 *Brashear 10 0 0 0
Totals 34 3 6 24 12
¦Biutshear batted for Toman In the ninth.
RtTNS AND HITS BY rXNINGS.
Portland 0 0 0 1 3 0 0 0 x — 4
Bas* hits 10024111 x— 10
Los Angeles 0 0 1 O 0 2 0 0 0 — 3
Base hits 00200300 1—8
BUMMAKT.
— Errors — Spencer. Kellnckey. Davis, Butler.
Bernard. Toman. Ross. Spies. Earned runs —
Los Angeles 2. Left on bas^a — Portland 8, Los
Angeles ft. Stolen bases — Beck. Ross (2).
Bases en balls — Off Butler 1, Off Jones 1.
Struck out — By Batler 6. by Jones 1. Two
bise hits — Chase, Sptes, Thielman. Smith. Hit
by pitched ball— By Jones. Passed ball — By
Spies. Sacrifice hits— Chase. Kellackey. Time
cf game — One hour and thirty minutes. Um
pire — Brown.
Brownies' Fielder Wings Brashear Out
at riate in Xlnth.
NADEAU'S THROW SAVES GAME.
Professor Howison's diatribe against
newspaper men, whom he characterized
as "lost souls," gave him fame a year
ago of a sort unlike the distinction he
had achieved as a philosopher and dis
tinguished savant.. His fulminatlon
against football is apparently destined
to win for him another brand of fame.
Of football Professor Howison says:
"We are by countenancing football
merely going back to the days of the
Roman gladiators. The game is a
brutal one and suggests all the repul
siveness of the age when men urged
each other to fight in an arena ,merely
for the sport of the thing. The modern
football game has all the marks and Is
simply another form of the gladiatorial
contests of the Latins. Thousands of
persons crowd around the gridiron, as
the Latings did about the pit, and cheer
and cheer if some player is carried off
the field severely or fatally injured."
Professor Howison's attack upon the
game which university men consider
worthy of worship and which the uni
versity authorities foster by spending
large sums of money taken in at the
games as grate receipts has stirred the
university to the center. The buzz of
conversation is heard on campus and
in hall in discussion of the professor's
extraordinary attack upon the college
sport.
OAKLAND, Oct. 26.— Football is con
demned by Professor George H. Howi
son, Fiead of the philosophy department
of the University of California, as a
brutal and a repulsive sport, similar in
character to the barbarous pastimes of
the Romans of old.
Howison Condemns
Football, Calling
It Brutal Sport
WORTH SELECTIONS
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter'Ocean
First race — Joe Frey, Beautiful and
Best, Good -Man.
Second race — Flaxman, Downpat
rick. Ijosisteila.
Third race — Marcus, Rankin, Do
cile.
Fourth race — Lady Jocelyn, Spen
ocilan. Huzzah.
Fifth race — Gold Enamel, Ivan the
Terrible, Golden Rule.
Sixth race — MeLstersinger, Careless.
Mad -Mullah. *
Condition of the track — Fast.
fpecial Dispatch to The CalL
JAMAICA, X. Y.. Oct. 26.— That Hll
debrand. the leading jockey of the
y»ar According to the number of
inccs won) Is still in good form, was
shown to-day, when Y. n won the fourth,
f.ah and sixth races on Coy Maid,
Ocean Tide and Slajor Daingerfield.
lie micht have won on Reveille also,
in the third race, but his mount was
cot Quite straight when the barrier
\^as released, and he was thus com
pelled to go on the outside all around
the Qrst turn.
Those who backed Hildebrand's
mounts in the fourth, fifth and sixth
races had excellent '"parleying." Coy
i^aia was at 6 to 1, Ocean Tide at 6
U> 5 and Major Daingerfield at 16 to
I. A flve-dollar bill on the three "par
leyed" v.ould have yielded $220.
Coy Maid's victory in the Packer
stakes was noteworthy, inasmuch as
thai f«lly was cut across by Thirty
thirc on the far turn and was taken
up Fhort. Then she attempted to "run
out," and Kildebrand was forced to
»iKe his whip freely to get the filly to
so on. When she did get into her stride
the overhauled the leader, Czaraphine.
b*p fest that the Paget filly could not
-withstand her rush. Coy Maid is a
daughter of Kingston. She is a much
improved filly, for though she won a
ffctv days a?o she was meeting a better
field of allies to-day. The "club
house element," which is smaller than
at any time this year, profited well by
Coy Maid's success, and followed it
Dp in the last race won by Major
Daingerfield. New York led up to the
!?.st seventy yards, and then stopped
fo quickly that many thought he had
met with an accident. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six lurlong»; celling; " lor
t Urrt-i ear-olds :
Umir.g. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2 to 1 — Emergency. 100 (Travrs) 5 12 1 *«
<• to 1— Auditor, 115 <Crimmns). 3 Oh 23
10 to 1— Juv. Maxim. 1<M (Phillips) 12 2 3 1*4
Tl— .e. 1:13 1-5. Start bad. Won ridden out.
Winner. L. V. Bell's b. k. by Bathampton
<'rials. L4b»rta. At wood. Consideration. Rob
P.oy, Clear the Arena. Thespian. Palette. Pat
Hulger, Piquet. Neptunus finished as named.
EECOXD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse: for maiden two-year-olds:
P-mtng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Pin.
IS to 5— Foxy, 107 "Martini 1 12 1«
12 to 1— Gold Fleur. 107 (Fleber) 4 4^2
6 to 1— York.Lad. 110 (Redfem) S 6 % 3 4
Time. 1 :0S 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, E. Heffner's b. g. by Silver Fojt
• "loutchouc. Black Cat. Courier, Black
Prince. Nellie Russ*lL Marter of Craft, Met
ropole. St. Margrave. Brilliant. Snow Ring,
La Golden nnUhed as named.
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles:
veiling: fcr thrp»-year-olds and up:
Ratting. Hnrr-e. "Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 2— Sals. 10S<Davl«) 3 3 1%I 1H
fc tf 1— AkeU. 105 fMartin) 1 llH2 1*s
« "> 1— DIn-.ple. 89 (Travers) . . . . o 2h 34
Tirr>*>. 1 :49. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner. U. Z. de Annan's b. c. by St. Blalse-
Or.tillty. Reveille. Lathemn. Ascetic. Prince
Salm, Widows Mite finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Fire and a half furlongs;
The Packer stake*: two-rear-old fillies:
Betting. Hors*. V.'eicht. Jockey St. % Fin.
« to I— Coy Maid. 09 fHIldebd) 2 2 115
11 to 10— Czarapbine 109 fDaviF) 4 3 2 2 *i
* to Thlrty-third.lW <Cnnn) 1 1 % 3 2
Time. 1:07. Suirt fair. Won handily. Win
r.cr. A. Miller'* br. f. by Kingston-Bonnie Gal.
Farcy Drees. Myopia. Danoe Music, finished
es named.
FTFTH - RACE — One mile and seventy
ysrds. celling; mares and geldings: thre«-year.
< "<1f and up:
Bm'ng. Hor*«. Weight. Jorkoy. St. «; Fin.
«» to R— Ocean Tide. 105 (Hldbd) S 1412
-\T> to 1— Kng. Popper 88 fTrvers) 1 1 h 2 h
!Otf)l— Th. Heather 93 (N'otter) 6 2 8 3 8
Time. 1 :45 3-8. Start good. Won cleverly.
Wir.ner. P. P. Wlrr.mer's b. f. by St. George
fBr» ar.d Go. Gravina. Arachne. Water
Fancy. Brisrthorpe. Love Note. M. F. Tar-
V*y. Neither One. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap: ail ages:
l>Uir.g. Horw. Weight. Jockey. Ft. %i Fin.
If. to 5— M. I>«lnirrfle!d. 117 fHld) 1 2 1141 2
4 to 1— New Tork 10* <Phllp*> 4 13 2 «
11 t« 5 — H. Chancellor.m <O'N11) 5 4 4 3 3
Time. 1:46. Start bad. Won riddrn out.
winner. W. B. Leeds' blk. h. by Handsprlng-
Mon Droit. Wire In. Dalesman. Ethics, fin
ished as named.
First race — Florl, Dusky Secret,
Fannette.
Stx»nd race — McJetta, Wakeful,
Argosy.
Third race — Oro Z. Vineland, Always
Faithful.
Fourth race — Follies Bersercs,
Aden, Ice Water.
Fifth race — Taby Tosa, Inj?olthrlft.
31 kg Betty.
Sixth race — Mint Bed. Dr. Rlley.
Jake Weber.
Condition of the track — Fast.
•
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26. — The Rav
enswood handicap at six furlongs will
be the feature to-morrow at Jamaica
track. Hamburg Belle has been al
lotted top weight, 127 pounds, by th2
handicapper. The day's entries:
First race, six furlongs, handicap — Gay Boy
123, Mamie Worth 120. Invincible 105 Monet
104. Diamond 102, Crown Prince 100, Teacre*s
92. Jim Beattie 8S.
Second race, one and a quarter miles sell-
Ing— Brigand 111, Cloverland 114, Bar Le Due
106, The Southerner 103, Gravina 1C3 Jlld
£h:;-man 93.
Third race, one and a sixteenth mlleg,
maiden*— Spring Silk 110. Silverfoot 110 Tom
Lawson 107. Sir Ship 107, Fortune Hunter 107,
Bouvler 107, Rudabek 107. Nuit Blanche 107,
P.evane 107, Requiem 107, Step Away 107.
White Ghost 107.
Fourth race, six furlongs, the Ravenswood
handicap — Hamburg Belle 127. Rapid Water
122. Collector Jeesup 115, Orthodox 113. Gren
ade 110, James V 107. Mineola 106, Monet 100,
Divination »9, Ra«- King i»5. Israelite 9"_\ Miss
ing Link 90. Scotch Plume 90, Gold Saint SS
Fifth race," five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, selling— Uncae 112. Kittie Platt 104
Dazzle 104. Flinders 103, Port Arthur Hj3, <W
lessor 102. Priority 102. Xlblick lol. Highborn
JC1. Clover Hampton 09, Danseuse 98 Belle
Eauvaee 94, Merces 94.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yard3,
three-year-olds and up. puree— First Maeon ViO.
Dolly Spanker 115. Rapid Water 112. Orthodox
106, Ormondes Right 10C, Prince Ching 101
WORTH ENTRIES.
FOUR HORSES HEADS APART.
CHICAGO. Oct. 26.— The entries for
to-morrow's races at Worth track fol
low:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Wlnesap
104. Chamblee 107. Idcgo 109, Jackfull 109
King's Court 103. Goodman 109. Beautiful and
Be«t 112. ManshaUea 114. Mattie Spencer 119,
Flaunt 119. I>r. Moody 110, Handsome Man
119. Ccrblefs Bay 119, Joe Frey 122.
Second nice, six furlongs, purse — Simplicity
97. Bradwarlln 97. Midge 97. Mohnhorst 97
Rossbourn- 100, Bishop Poolo 100, Kcnton 100
Downpatrick 100. Mon Amour 104. Platoon 104
Broadway Girl 104. Logistella 104, Scotch Irish
107. P^ncreatis 107, Dr. Leggo 107, Flaxman
115.
Thini race, one and an eighth miles. selling-
La. Chapercne 91, Foxmead 95. - Annora J 95,
Docile 05. Sanlla 97. Kankln 100. Excentral
]<O. Hot 101. Bard of Avon 101, Klaxus 108.
Swiftwing 109.
Fourth race, one mile, handicap — Glorlosa
95. Sir Brillar S5. Rankin 96. Huzzah 98 Spen
cerian 100. Lady Jocelyn • 105. (Rankin and
Huzzah. Arthur «ntry.) '
Fifth race, nix furlongs, purse — Gold enamel
85. Ivan the Terrible 92. Sir Brillar 96. Golden
Rule 100. Olympian 1C3. Don Domo 106.
Sixth race, one mile, spiling — Berry Waddell
91. Voila 97. Merry Pioneer 97. Careless 99,
Mezzo 101. Brand New 102. Mad Mullah 102
Eilverineade 102, Gus Heidorn 102. Columbia
Girl 102. Clausus 104. Lem Reed 106, Handa
Across 106, Automation 107, Melsterslnger 109.
DEL.MAR ENTRIES.
Two-Year-OIds Hook Up In Sensa
tional I-lnish at Worth.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26.— Four horses
finished heads apart at Worth in the
third race to-day at one mile for two
year-olds. Cutter, the favorite at even
money, won. Second money was griven
to Flight at 100 to 1, with Palm Tree
third. Monte and Pancreatls finished
next, heads apart- There was quite
a difference of opinion as to which
hors<? finished second, some declaring
Pancreatis was second and that Flight
finished away back in about sixth po
sition. Four fax'orites won. The
track was fast, the weather clear and
the attendance go6d. J. A. Wern
berg. the California owner, won three
purses with Emperor of India. Cut
ter and Dutiful. Summaries:
FIRST RACK— Six furlongs; three -year-olds
and up; selling:
I5*rttirr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
\i to 10— Erap.of Indla.109 (Trbl) & 8 1 1 nk
11 to 5 — Optional. 107 (Shaver). 8 8U 2 1
25 to 1— Miladl Love.110 (Rmlll) 1 2h 3 2
T!rn», 1:14 1-5. 6tart good. Won easily
Winner. J. A. Weraberr's br. g. <3> by
Prime Minister-Sarah Klmbro. Jigger 110
Man- MoCafferty 105. Anna Beall 110. Mon!»
JOS. My Jane 100. St. Paula 108. Peter J 111
Nerrator 113. Fromage de Brie 105, finished
at canted. • _
SKCOKD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
ihr*«-year-olds and up; nelllog:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. si Fin
7 to 1— Bank Strert.106 <H£tmn)10 2Z 1 3V4
t to 2— Cilfain. 102 (Pottering). 4 8 1 2 2
J4 to 5— Blue Mint.110 (Domlnk) 5 1 XL 3
Time. 1:49 1-5. Start good. Won easily
'rjanw. R. F. Myers" b. c. (4) by Troubadour
ftr«-ert*. St. Blue 95. Rabunta 103. Bonnie
L'.the 1U2. Laiurford Jamea 9S, Ltla Xoal 93
Mlr.i:on» 9«. Harry Preston 102, Peart Diver
HC. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— On« mile; two-ye*r-old*
)>ttf?ig. How*. Weight. Jockey. St. « Fin.
Even— Cutter. 105 fTreubel).. 9 1 nk 1 h
loo to 1— Flight, 82 (Jenkins)... 11 4 1 2h
8-*o 1 — PaJm Tree. 85 (Herbrt) 2 5 1 3 h
• Time. 1 :42 2-5. Ptart good. Won driving
Winner. . J. A. Wernberg's b. f. by Gotham-
Kecmore Cueen. Monte 108, Pancreatis 9"
Matadcr 10«). Lydia Meadors 95. Janet a loo'
JMxie Lad M. The Gadfly 85. Annie Alone 95'
• ¦art* in Nerota 95, Belsexano 95, finished as
named.
Flrrt race, six and a half furlongs, three
year-old fillies and mares, nelllng — Bisuka 10f>
Machonl 105, Dusky Secret 05, Rejoice 105,
Birdie Stone 100, Florie 100. Coreen 100 Fan
nette 95.
Second rac*. five and a half furlongs, two
year-old flllle«. Felling— Lady Sellers 95, Esther
Goodrich 93. Voltage 05, Ethel's Pride 95 Gas
conne J>8. Kathryn L 95. Edith Vice- 93. Clara
Dee 100, Cotta Stone 93. Ollie- Bbrnett 100
Annipquam 95, Wakeful 95, McJetta 95. Ar
roey 98.
Third race six and a half furlongs, three
year-olds and up. fillies and mares, selling-
Maid of the Order 95, Vlneland 100, Hazel H
100, Gerda 105, Ray 105. Always Faithful 100
Ora Z 100.
Fourth race, six furlongs three-year-olds
and up. handicap — Aden 126, Frank B*U 108.
Follies Bergeres 103, Icewater 114. Malster 107
Mat tie II 98, La*so 100. Blytheness 9S*
Oudon 92.
Fifth race, one mll» and seventy yards,
three-year-olds and up. allowances — Ingolthrlft
91. Light Opera 97. MIm Betty 93. Ivernla
»7. Taby Toaa 102. Mafalda 93, Miss Mm
Day 107.
Sixth race, ona and three-sixteenth miles
four- year-olds «nd up. selling — *Jak» TTebf-r
05. 'Blrdwood 100. »M!nt Bed 100. Hu'cena 100
Dr. Rlley 100. Secundua 100 'Guadalqulver
65. 'Georre Vivian 95, •Murmur 100 WllUum
F H 100. Belle Bernard »6 Harry K 100
•Apprentice allowance claimed.
FOURTH RACE — One mile; Uiree-year-old*
and up; purs«:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. « «
» to 1(V— Ananias. 97 (Read) 5 ij n
9 to 8— New M. H«j\ 100 (Rbni) 1 2 4 2 19
10 to 1— Columbia Girl. 87 (Rnll) 2 4 2 3h
Time, 1 :41. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, J. H. Schorr's ch. c. (3) by Ocean Wave
Veraclou*. Mendon 95. Harney 104. Introductor
101. finished as named. "wucior
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth mlle«
three-year-olds and up; Belling. . " ;".'
Rettlnsr. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. « Fin
t to 1— Dutiful. 1<R (Treubel).... 5 In in
T to 5— A Kirle Lewis. 97 (Shaver). 8 3 1 2 1U
S» to 2— Federal. 110 (Mclntyre)..; 4 4 u 301?
Time, 1:48 2-5. Start good. Won drivin*
Winner. J. A. Wernberg's gr.' h. (3) by Fara"
day-Blip Along. Barkelmore 105, Royal. pirata
102. damns 107. Arab 105, Edward Hale vat
Burning GUsb - 113. finished as named. - •
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlonrg
three-year-oia*;and up; puree: . *
Betting." Horse, Weight, Jockey. St . « pin
1 to 6— Floral King. 118 (Rmnll) 4 .1 3 ¦ 1 4
13 to 1 — Harrington. HO (Dmnck) 3 5 h 2 4
200 to 1 — En. Farbam. 110 < Vrgoj 5 3 2 3 3
Time. ' 1:21 S-5. Start cood. Won * easily.
He worked an hour In the gymna
sium in the afternoon, going -through
3.11 of his exercises, and wound up the
day's work with the seven-round spar
ring match with Kid Sullivan.
Joe still weighs about 135 pounds
and will make no endeavor to get be
low that figure until about Saturday.
He says making the required weight is
a pipe.
Referee Eddie Graney will see Joe
work out. to-day.
There was not a pool ticket sold on
the flght yesterday, but speculation is
expected to commence to-day. Good
judges of price expect the betting -will
go to 10 to 8 at once, with Gans favor
ite.
The so-called sparring match to-day
was fast and furious. The champion
and Sullivan fought away for seven
h^.rd rounds and at the finish the clar
etj was flowing profusely from the Kid's
nose and he looked anything but a
daisy. Joe tried to coax him to come
back for more, but "Xay, nay, Pau
line." wac the Kid's reply. As Frankie
McDonald was taking off the Kid's
gloves, the latter whispered, "Say, Mac,
I'd hate to be Britt next Monday
night."
Gans seems in perfect condition and
says he never felt better In his life. He
likes the climate of Marin County and
says he enjoys training there. Yester
day morning he took hia usual run of
fourteen miles and returned to camp
breathing easily.
Everything is running as smooth as
glass at Joe Gans' training quarters at
Billy Shannon's villa, with the excep
tion of those so-called sparring
matches. Kid Sullivan says of them:
"I would hate to be Britt when Joe
fights."
The spectators say, "How would you
like to be the Kid?"
Vice President Corral of Mexico was
the most distinguished visitor at Jim
my Britt's training quarters yesterday
at Croll's Gardens in Alameda. He
watched {he little boxer go through a
three-round slugging match of the
fiercest description with Frank Rafael
and enjoyed the performance as much
as he would a bull fight In his own
country. There were many other call
ers besides the man from 'Mexico. The
symnasium was crowded when Britt
began his work at 3:30. In addition to
sparring Jimmy tossed the medicine
ball, wrestled with "Tiv" Kreling,
punched the bag and operated the
wrist machines and skipped the rope.
In the morning Britt went four miles
on the road, sprinting and walking al
ternately. After returning he took his
usual dip in the bay and then submtt
ted himself to a rubdown. Jimmy In
dulged in his last boxing and from now
until he ceases training will substitute
shadow sparring for the real thing.
Britt announces that he never felt bet
ter while training for any of his pre
vious ring contests and his appearance
boars out his assertion. There is not
that drawn look about him that charac
terized his appearance when he was
ready to battle Young Corbett. The per
spiration flows freely during his work,
showing he is well above himself. In
his boxing he does not assume the
graceful attitude made familiar by
Gar.s and Erne, but seems to slouch
about. This impression vanishes the
instant he delivers a blow, when it is
apparent he is a mass of nervous en
ergy.
Fighters Seem Sure
They Will Weigh
In Properly.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Diamond. Bell's entry.
Gay Boy.
Second race — Gravina. The South
erner, Midshipman.
Third race — Spring Silk, Revane.
Stopaway.
Fourtfi race — Mineola, Israelite. Mo
net.
Fifth race — Niblick. Flinders. Dan
seusc.
Sixth race^ — First Mason. Ormonde's
rtljrhU Dolly Spanker.
Condition of the track — Fast.
2;U5 trot, two In three. $1000— Tom Axworthy
won two straight hen,-* In 2:0OH and 2:10>4.
Maud Xlaxin*. Ml.<w Jeannette, Oak Blossom,
Q«tawajr. llaby For<1 and Odle O also started.
Major tMciar to br«»ak 2:©**i to hi»ch-wh««l
puUt— T in* by «u«rurs, :3Ofe. 1:02%, 1:34.
8:07.
Dan r«tch to txwit 1:5«H pactn#— Ttm» by
quarters, :£•>. r.;v 1:26)4. 1:M.
2:12 tret, two in three. 9100O — Tuauidt won
two Ptralxht h»at« la 2:101s and 2:09V». llain
land. EuxtntU, Tim Qucater and lr.v«*l»r alstt
•tarted.
The day's sport was marred by an
unfortunate accident. Edward Geers,
the veteran driver ana trainer, was ex
ercising Joymaker, a trotter, and.
on turning into the stretch at a fast
clip, collided with one of several track
wagons on the ground. His sulky "was
tilted high in the air and Geers was
thrown heavily to the ground. When
assistance reached him it was found
ht had sustained severe injuries. on»
leg being broken and the other badly
injured. Geers was taken to a hospital,
where to-nlvht it is rumored h» is rest
ing easy. His injuries are regarded as
bctIous. Summary:
2:21 pace, two In three. 11000 — Funston won
two straight heats in 2:15^ and 2:17H- Emit
D and Flinch also «tarte4.
When the brown pacer passed th»
Judges' stand In 1:55 flat, cheer after
cheer greeted the performance, and
Hersey was almost carried from h\?
¦ulky on his return to the stand. Th»
wlnd-Khield used was the same as that
employed when Lou Dillon trotted a
mile in l:58H. It consisted of a strip of
canvas about four feet square attached
to the sulky of the running pacemaker.
Another sensational performance was
that of Major Delmar, E. E. Smathers'
trotting champion, when he trotted a
mile to a high-wheel sulky in 2:07 flat.
It was announced by the Judges before
the trial that the sulky was non-ball
bearing and weighed 54U pounds. It
was also explained that the vehicle was
of the same pattern aa that used by
Maud 8 In her mexr&rable flight against
time in 1SS4, when she trotted a mile
in 2:0SH.
Major Delmar was driven by Alta
McDonald. He went to the quarter In
:30^. the half In 1:02% and the three
quarters In 1:34.
DRIVER ED GEERS INJURED.
horre itepped around the first turn ami
to the quarter In :29. Turning down
the back stretch Bcott Hudson, wh >
drove the pacemaker, had to urge h:-»
horse, a» Patch was crowding him. Th ¦
paciny marvel fairly flew to the half
in :5?H, and when the time was an
nounced a great cheer came from thoss
present. At the three-quarter pole the
timers' board showed 1:26H.
RECORD BREAKER IS CHEERED.
1IEMPHI3. Tenn., Oct. 26. — With a
pacemaker carrying ->' wind-shield in,
front and accompanied by a runner at
the side Dan Patch, driven by Hersey.
paced the fastest 'mile at the trottin<
park to-day ever made by a horse In
harness, circling the track In ons
minute and fifty-six seconds flat. Th s
former record. l:5C*i. was made by Dan.
Patch in 1S02. The son of Joe Patchen
warmed up in splendid ¦nape and.
after scoring once, he was sent away.
With clocklike precision the brown
Overall, as usual, was the center of
attraction and barring two innings he
had, every Commuter looking like a
weakling- Jones was also in right,
fanning nine while he lasted. He
could not hold together when the pace
began to get too rapid and after the
Tigers had rolled two in during the
seventh it was curtains.
The Tigers managed to score on two
hits and Jones' misplay in the third.
Oakland could not land till the sixth.
Then Stark swung through to center
for a swell two-bagger and Ganley
set the fans howling when he ripped
off one out to deep right field, bring
ing Stark in and making it a deadlock.
The Tigers were right there with the
big comeback in the seventh. Two were
quickly chased over the pan.. This ad
vantage was followed up in the suc
ceeding round, three more being en
ticed in, cinching the contest for fair
and taking every bit of fight out of
the Commuters. The score:
Oakland — i Tacoma —
AB.R. H. P.A.i AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganly.rf 3 0 11 o;Doyle, rt 4 1 O 2 O
Frnks.ss 3 110 2 Shehn.3b 4 112 1
Dnlevy.lf 4 114 O'Nordk.lb 4 1 2 10 0
6chfly.2b 4 0 0 1 0 E&gaa.ss 4 O 0 0 2
Kragr.ct 3 0 0 3 0 Lynch.cf 4 2 2 2 0
Strelb.lb 3 0 0 6 2 McLJn.lf 3 1 2 O O
Devrx.3b 3 0 0 2 2 Dlmas.2b 4 O O 2 4
Stark, c 3 1 1 0 3; Grahm.c 4 O 1 8 2
Jones, p. 3 0 1 1 1 Overall.p 4 0 1 O 0
Totals.29 3 6 27 10 Totals. 35 6 9 27 9
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 O 1 0 0 0 2 3 0 — fl
Base hits 1 12 0 0 0 2 3 0—9
Oakland ...O 0 0 0 0 10 0 2—3
Base hlta 0 0 1 0 0 2 O O 2— 5
SUMMARY.
Home run — Dunleavy. Stolen bases — Lynch,
Nordyke. Error* — Jones (2), Dunleavy, Dev
ereaux Two-baae hits — Nordyke, Stark. Shee
han. Sacrifice hits — Francks. McLaashlln.
First base on called balls — Oft Jones 1, oft
Overall 1. Left on bases — Oakland 1. Tacoroa
4. Struck out — By Jones 9. by Overall 7.
Double plays — Stark to Devereaux; Graham to
Delmas. Time ol game — 1:43. Umpire —
Ferine.
The Commuters were all In after the
sixth spasm had been reeled off yes
terday afternoon at Recreation Park
and the Tigers got another installment
of revenge. Just to lend tone to the
struggle and show the fans that Oak
land could go some, even if their
chances looked dim, Dunleavy rapped
the sphere over the right field fence in
the ninth with two to the woods and
Francks on second base. Score: Ta
coma 6, Oakland 3.
The game might have been another
of those sensational boys had the
Junkie Imps refrained from batting so
hard toward the end of the contest.
It was a pretty fight for five rounds,
with the score one-all. Then Jones
began to look easy and hi3 fielders
waxed sloppy, so the rest was one
simple task for the Tigers.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
BOTH APPEAR FIT
Dunleavy Knocks Out Home
Bun After Two Are Gone
in the Decisive Inning
Spectators Cheer Peerless
Animal as He Comes Down
Stretch, Urged by Driver
EXPERTS MAKE
FORM FORECAST
COY MAID'S SMART VICTORY
OVEEALL HAS HIS DAY
CBOAVDS HIS PACE3IAKEK
Britt and Gans Do
Some Exciting
Slugging.
Noted Son of Patchen Flies
Over Track. Clipping Quar
ter Second Off Own Mark
For Six Bounds They Play
Like Champs, After Which
Tigers Break the Game Up
Pilots Three Winners
at Jamaica Track.
FAST BOXING MARKS
WORK OF TRAINING
STRAIN TELLS
ON COMMUTERS
PACER BREAKS
ALL RECORDS
HILDEBRAND IN GREAT FORM
DAN PATCH PACES IN MARVELOUS STYLE AT THE MEMPHIS TRACK THE TIME CAUGHT BY OFFICIALS SHOWING A RECORD MILE IN 1:56
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, 190*.
JIMMT BRITT. THE FIGHTING CALI FORNIAN. AS THE CAMERA CAUGHT
HIM YESTERDAY AT ALAMEDA. THE ILLUSTRATION SHOWS BRITT HAS
NOT THE DRAWN APPEARANCE HE HAD WHEN" HE FOUGHT CORBETT.
! .ST.- LOUIS, ,Oct-28.-The second session of
the fourth annual convention , of the 5vj»—
Thought Convention convened to-day in Mu»v
Hall. , Mrs. Harriet H Rlx . at AlainedL Qu *
delivered an address. ... .^r»,rTf*»
Bear Flag. Sam Stevens 07, Metlakatla 107.
Rhyme and Reason 97, Modoo 107. Torlo 97
1. Algonquin 102. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year
olds; handicap:
Betting. 3 Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. « Fin
5 to 2 — Terns Rod, 03 (Rloe) 11112
7 to 1— Jungle Imp, 04 (Dickson).. 5 3 1**2 2
2 to 1— Braden, 113 ; (D. Austin) 4 2 h ' 3 1
Time, 1: IB. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. CNeall * Egan'e ch. . g. by Nimrod-
Fern. Dave BUM 02 and Arlena 108 finished
as named. '
i FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; four-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1— Ben Lear. 109 (I»agiie)...4 12 1 114
6 to 2 — St. Daniel, 107 (Dlckaon). 6 2S 2 2
30 to 1— Guadalaqulver, ' 104 (Lee) 1 8 1 3 h
' Time, 1 :29. Start fair. Won . driving.* Win
ner. C. Shwacker'a b. g. (4) by ; Ben Strorae-
Eitima Louise. Behoove 109, .Wager 104 Pierce
J 107.' Whiskers 114, Eleanor Howard 104 and
One More 104 finished ¦ as named.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards*
three-year-olds and up: frfgtqftsmwTBtjjh 4 lymii
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. . St. % Fin 1 '-"
7 to 2— Check Morgan,95 (Chthm) 8 7 u 1 2 *
80 to 1— Amberita; 95 - (Persengr) 3 5 2 21
13 to t— Tangible, , 109 (McMillan) 2 4 U 3 14 -'
Time, •' 1 :47. Start ¦ good. ¦ Won . easily Win
ner. 8.; B.i Burnett &. Ok'» ch. t. (3) by Oym
naat-Royal Nettle.- ;- Crime 104, Ladas 109
Lemon > Girl ¦ 05, • Avoid ; 104, ' Bountiful 02 ; and
Judge Cantrell 103 finished a« named. -
Van Haltren's Drive Bents the Seals
In the Last Inning.
SEATTLE, Oct. 26. — Joe Corbett
pitched a clever game this afternoon.
but luck was against him. In the
ninth inning:, with three men on bases,
he had two strikes and one ball on
Van Haltren. The next ball Van sent
on a line to center. It was foggy and
the San Francisco players did not see
it. Two 'runs came In and the same
was won. Score:
Seattle — I San Francisco—
AB.n. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Van H.cf 4 0 3 3 ljHIdbd. If 5 0 0 2 1
Mohlr.'2b4 12 4 :iM?eny, rf 3 1 I o 9
Bkshp.lb 4 118 0 Irwin. 3b 5 0 2 2 1
Frisk. U. 4 0 1 0 0 V Brn. lb 4 1 2 7 0
Leahy, c. 2 1 1 8 . lJWldrn. cf 4 8 1 O l
Smith, rf 4 2 2 1 0| Adrsn.2b 4 114 3
II wltt, 3b 4 O 1 10. Gochnr, si 0 0 1 0
K Hall, s 4 10 1 ltWbeelr.W 3 1 1 1 e
C.llall. p3 1 1 1 2 Shea. c. 3 0 2 8 4
tD'.ahnty . 1 0 0 0 0 Corbett.p 4 0 0 1 .2
ToUU.34 7 12 27 8 Totals. 3tJ 8 10*28 13
t Batted for C. Hall.
•Two men out when the winning run wa«
made.
RUN3 AND HITS, BY INNINGS.
Betttle 0 0 10 0 40 0 *— T
. Pas* hits...'...* 1 0 3 0 0 5 0 1 2—12
San Francisco... 1 00 1 030. 1 0— ti
Base hits. 2 0 0 2 0 2 0 2 2—10
: ' SUMMART.
Errors — Mohler. C. Hall. Stolen bases— .Van
Haltren. Russ Hall. Waldron. Van Buren
Meany. T»o-base hits— Mohler. Waldron!
Sh«*a. Three-base hits— Charlie Hall, Smith
Double plays— BUnkenahlp (unassisted)- An*
derson to Van Buren (2). Bases on ball's— Off
C. Hall 4, off Corbett 3. Hit by pitched I haU-I
Anderson. Waldron. Struck out — By C. M«ii
by Corbett 8. Pawed bails-Leahy V sSSr £
Tim* of «ame— Two hours and eight minnui
.Umpir**— Jimmy Whalen and Nick WlUlimsT'
CORBETT liACKS THE LUCK.
6
Have been suffering from Impure Blood
for many years, having Boils and other
Eruptions. Having heard of S. S. 9. I de-
cided to try it, asa am glad to say that it
has done me a great deal ofgood. I intend
to continue to use it, as I believe it to bo
the best Blood Medicine on the market.
Cleveland, Tcna. W. K. Dbtsra
For over fifteen years I have suffered
more or less from Impure Blood. About a
rear ago I had a boll appear on my leg
below the knee, which was followed by
three more on my neck. I saw 8. 8. S.
advertised and decided to try it. After
taking three bottles all Boils disappeared
and I have not been troubled any since.
Geol O. Fertkj.
114 W. Jefferson St., Louisville, Ky.
Newark, Ohio, May 23, 1903.'
From childhood I ihad been bothered
with bad blood, skin eruptions and boils.
I had boils ranging from five to twenty in
number each season. The burning ao»
companying the eruption was terriblab
S. S. S. seemed to be jnst the medicinf
needed in my case. It drove out all impt>
rities and bad blood, giving me perma-
nent relief from the skin eruption and
boils. This has been tan years ago, and I
nave never had a return of the disease.
Mrs. j. d. Athertox.
Rfc-JI KhJlr W, M your case wil1 ccst
; Th» Swift Speclflo Company, Atlanta, 6a.
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
WANT ADS.
A Coupon Entitling You to One
Pound 40c
-TOP QUALITY" COFFEE of
THE GREAT AMERICAN
IMPORTING TEA CO.
With Every 35c Small Ad
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particular*.Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. . N.. Mer
chants* Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
Tb^TlnTe 2 BaU on. the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-dajr—
w . .¦* ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
: GUARDIAN FOR LOGAN.— P. L. Archibald
yesterday petitioned the Probate Court for ap
pointment as guardian- of Dr.. Mllburn H'
Logan, Incompetent. Dr. : Logan's , brother!
Roscoe L. Logan,, was ; recently , removed ¦ by
Judge Cofley from : the guardianship ' and : the
parents of the unfortunate • man - have ; asked
Mr. Archibald to act. .^ . ,- ,. -.*>
Time Ball.
LONDON. Oct 25— Br bark Blvlon. from
Liverpool, for ValDaralso, reported
tmrned at eea, was burned when out 125 days.
Per whaling bark Gayhead. Oct 26— Died at
, ' j u iy 28. in Bering bea, Antone Merido,
a ratlve of California, aged 18 years; body was
buried at ; wt. J^V »— Off Kadiak had two
boats stove in. one of them being capsized, by
being struck by a whaler crew all rescued by
ship's crew. . ' -
Memoranda,
United ' Ptates Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low .Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francieco
Bay. Published by official authority of. the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high -and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the. same at both places.
¦ THURSDAY. OCTOBER 27. ¦.-;"¦"•¦
Run rises 6:29
Sun sets 5:17
Moon rises 7:45 p. rn.
0 Time iTime Time Time
p Ft. I— — Ft. I- Ft. Ft.
» H W |L W H W L W .
27 1^44 4.2 6:2S 2.7 12:30 5.2 7:27 0.0
"3 2:82 4.2 7:15 3.0 1:10 6.2 8:13 0.0
29 3:27 4.2 8:08 3.1 2:00 5.O 9:10 0.2
SO 4:20 4.2 9:16 3.1 3:03 4.8 10:08 0.3
31 5:24 4.4 10:36 3.1 4:16 4.6 11:19 0.6
1 6:17 4.7 11:54 2.6 6:38 4.4 ..........
|L W H W L W H W -
2|0:12 0.8 7:09 -5.0,1:02 2.0 6:56 4.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The ' heights given are , in
addition to the soundings of the United tStaes
Coatt Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted ¦ from " the depth given . by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
1. e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. in charge.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. Oct. 26.
U 6 torpedo boat Perry. Eeholneld, — hours
'^^SJyrn^San**. 81 hours fro« B*l
""hirnTF A Kilbura, Thompson, T boors from
Kllt*wd. 83 hour, from
K *S^rnr' City of Panama, Thompson. 21 day*
• nd" hour? from Ancon. »ia Maxatlan 6 days
an |tAr b <5 I W Elder. Randall. BOM hours from
Tortland. via Astnrta 4« hours.
SttnV iw 8 HiCTlM. Hi«ia«. 1« hoars from
1'orl Ersre; bound south; called in to land
Oiclow. 20 hour, from Ettrefc-
«tmr Rival. Fosen. 43 hours from ban Pedro,
plmr Newport, Corning. Pigeon Point and
""vhslTnV^ark Gsyhead. Fisher. 19 days from
*Fchr "Antelope. ChriPtensen, 3 day» from
Schr C A Klose. Mercer, « days from Co.
Western Home. Weldra. 6 days from
Ccullie HH»r. CLEJ , RED ,
Wednesday Oct. 29.
Rtmr City of Puehla, Jepsen. Victoria, etc;
Taclflc Coast Eteamship Company.
Stmr Euu of California. Nlcoleon, tfan Di
««o; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
SAILED.
Wednesday. Oct. 28."
Chil traininr ship General Baquedano, Go. |
mn. VsJpamiro.
" fitmr V A Kilburn. Thompson, Port Bodsers.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, ISureka.
Rtmr Jan S Higglns. Hireins. Ban Pedro.
Stmr Aeuncion, BridEftt, Redondo.
Btmr Fulton. Panzer. Hardy Creek.
fctmr Phoenix. Odland, Mendocino.
' Btrar South Coast. Olsen. Caspar.
KUnr Elixabvth. Jensen. Bandon, Ore.
stair Brunswick. Ellefsen, Fort Brar*\
Strar Newsboy I>ee, W>stport. -
ferhr Ikssle K, Etark. San Vicente.
Echr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, Bollnas.
F<-hr Mary C, Campbell, Bodeca.
G< r s'-hr Nrptun, Schmidt, Jalult.
Fchr H D Bendixsen. Thunnell,- Grays Har
bor.
. SPOKEN.
Oct 7—1*4 10 N. loos 3QVr.Br bmrk In-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
A call • has ;, been issued for a meet
ing of the California State Federation
of Labor? to take place in Sacramento
on- January 2. A union chartered by
the American Federation ¦ of Labor
and a \ union : affiliated - with the, State
organization and labor bodies working
in unison with the federations, are en
titled to send? representatives.
SUES FOR DAMAGES.— 8uit for damages In
the sum of $1720 waa begun against the United
Railroads ' yesterday » by Alice : Moore,-- who al
leges ; that ; she t was shocked , and ¦., bruised on
September ¦• 12 : last ¦. by - being . thrown / to - the
street: while boarding a car at Ninth and Mar-
Jtet streets. • • • • ¦ . .
International Steam Engineers*. Union
was informed ' by Its benefit .ball ; com
mittee that the proceeds amounted to
$160. - : .
The trouble that led up to the strike
by the Poultry and Game Dressers'
Union and the Poultry and Game
Dealers' Association has been amic
ably justed. At a conference , held
Monday between the two bodies the
following agreement was signed by
the members of the Joint conference
committee: .:-_*.\;'
_1. The day's work on Mondays. Tuesdays
Wednesdays. Thursdays and Fridays shall bo
from 6 a. m. to 6 p. m., and on Saturdays
from 6 a. m. to 6. p. m., with one-half hour
oft for breakfast and one hour off for lunch
, ;2.- Sundays, from 6 a. m. to 12 noon with
one-half hour- off for breakfast, with a full
8. Holidays, from 6 a. m. to 10 a m with
a half hour off for breakfast, with a'fuli' day's
pay. All time worked over the foregoing hours
on holidays shall be paid for at- the rate of
double time. .
4. aAH, overtime worked in I excess of the
hours specified in section 1 of this agreement
shall be paid for at the rate of 40 cents per
hour. V :~. r - ~
No discrimination shall be made against any
man on account of his activity In or affiliation
with the union. -¦' ¦...-¦¦.
? AH men who struck or were looked out to be
returned to. their former positions.
Conditions Upon "Which Peace Is De
j clared in Line With For- \
mer Agreement.
GAME DEAIiERS' STRIKE
IS AMICABLY ADJUSTED
Steamer. i , Destination. Sails.
Jefferson. .... Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports Oct 28
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports' Oct 31
Santa Clara. . Seldovla & Way Ports INov 1
Dolphin Ekagway & Way Porls! Nov 2
Chief Charles Mehan of the. Chinese
Bureau is not convinced that the thir
ty-two Chinese men who arrived re
cently on the Doric, ostensibly ori the
way to the St. Louis Exposition, are
acting in good faith. They had no
papers to show that they were en
gaged by any particular concession.
Chief Mehan addressed an inquiry to
the Bureau officers on duty at the
Chinese Village regarding these men,
but it appears that no one of the many
concessions was willing to claim them.
It is believed that they came hither
with the . intention of remaining in
the country after the close of the ex
position, but that the arrest of Lee
Toy and Da Silva»and the exposure
of the conspiracy to land Chinese il
legally broke the connections and left
the thirty-two stranded.
Thirty-Two Pretended Performers for
St. Louis Exposition Will Prob
ably Be Denied a Landing.
The British chip Troop has been added to
the overdue list. She is tev*nty-nioe days out
booad from Mjmila to Et. Helena, and is post
ed at 5 per cent- She was recently spoken at
sea. with her crew sick, and in a disabled
condition vu trylntr to make Hongkong,
which was b'jQ miles away. The French bark
Bretscne, out 158 days from Kobe for Taltal.
is Quoted at 6 per cent. The Slrene la still out,
quoted at TS per cent.
The British four-masted ship Collinsgrove
U reported a total wreck on the China coast.
The schooner Western Home, which came In
port yectn-d&r from up the coast, passed up
the harbor as the tarret practice at the Pre
sldi* was Bring on. As a shell went •cream
in* over the vessel the man at the wheel
ducked down into the cabin and the schooner
with nobody at the helm came oeax running
ashore at Harbor View.
Th* Pacific Mail freighter will ssll for the
Orient Saturday- She will carry 15.6O0 tons
of carso.
Water Front Notes.
CHINESE PliOT FAIiLiS
BECAUSE OP EXPOSURE
FROM SEATTLE.
The schooner Lsturs, Madsen, which was re
ported as csoigfat In the lc« in Bering Bea and
otherwise damaged, sxrrred yesterday from the
north. She encountered rough weather and
was d&mased by the storm and floating Ice,
but escaped shipwreck. The schooner is used
by S. Foster to carry supplies to the mission
stations in Alaska and on her return loads
with lumbar in the Sound ports for San Fran
cisco. Because of her injuries sh* returned
feere in ballast tor repairs.
Laura Madsen in Port.
(120th Meridian— Pacific lime.) '
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 26—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 62-50iNew York 64-52
Chicago 48-38, Philadelphia 66-52
Cincinnati 54-40; Pittsburg 60-42
Jacksonville 68-02 St. Louis ...52-36
New Orleans.. ...70-02 j Washington 64-52
SAN FRANCISCO 70-54
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
Lust This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 01 4.35 3.27
Red Bluff 00 8.49 0.4rt
Sacramento 00 B.47 0.12
Kan Francisco '.00 7.45 0.17
Fretno 00 4.9.1 0.00
Independence 00 0.47 0.42
San Lula Obispo... 00 4.58 0.112
Loa Angeles. 00 1.13 0.43
ban Diego 00 0.16 0.07
COAST RECORD. \
g Is K o « ¦ » 5
3 2 3 5 2 p o w
STATIONS. & If Up |" |
:" I I i F I
• -. n «>
Baker 30.22 68 32 NW Clear
Carson 30.14 68 32 N Clear '.00
Eureka 30.10 64 48 N Cloudy .01
Frc-sno 30.00 80 62 NE Clear .00
S.E. Fcralloh. 30.02 67 D4 NW Foggy .00
Flagstaff 30.10 48 32 E Clear .00
Pocntello 30.22 70 26 SW Clear .00
Independence .30.08 74 60 SE Clear .OO
Los Angeles.. 2'J. 98 TO 52 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.30.03 73 «54 E Clear .00
North Head... 30.12 56 62 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 30.00 74 66 R Clear .00
1 Pt Reyes Lt.. 29.77 55 52 NW Foggy .00
Portland 30.08 t>2 46 NW Clear .00
Ked Bluff 29.98 76 62 SE Clear .00
noselurg 30.06 62 44 W Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.9S 76 43 E Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.20 64 38 W Clear .00
San Fre.ncihco.30. 02 70 64 W Clear .00
San L. Obispo.30.02 70 60 NE Pt.Cldy'.OO
Kan Diego 29.04 68 56 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.18 62 88 W Clear .00
Spokane 30.22 04 32 NE Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.14 56 50 SW Clear .00
Walla Walla. .30.18 64 42 SW Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .30»Hi 72 28 N Clear .00
Yuma 29.08 82 56 NE Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS ANL GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues high over the West
ern portion of the country.
Light rain has fallen at Eureka and at Flag
staff.
Fog prevails along the coast of California
north of Point Conception.
The temperature continues about normal
throughout California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October "27:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, except
totrey along the coaet; light westerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Thursday, with tog
in the morning along the coast; light northerly
wind, changing to westerly.
Nevada — Fair Thursday.
San Frsnclsco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day, with fog In the morning; light southeast
wind, changing to westerly.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Thursday;
light northerly wind, changing to westerly.
Sacramento — Fair Thursday; light south wind.
Fresno — Fair Thursday; light north wlnfl.
A. G. McADIB, District Forecaster.
Tee Pacific Moil Ete&sishlp Company will
submit plans for it* new docks, which are to
cost In the neighborhood of $480,000. at the
next meetirx.
Collector Stratum announced to the board
th.t Deputy Surveyor Bt- John would confer
wlta President Spear for the location of the
three scales for the Government on the water
treat.
The Board of Harbor Commissioners yester
day awarded the contract for a year's lumber
eupslies to Hickman & Mastersoa at (11 per
1000.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
The Pacific Mall steamship City of Panama
a; rived early yesterday morning Xrotn Ancon,
about ten hours ahead of schedule time, with
<«1 tons of cargo. Her cabin passengers were
Louis Kaiser. Simon and Juan Funes and
Harry J. Stratford. There were seventeen in
tiie steerage, four of whom were Chinese in
transit. The voyage, which is the fifty-first
for the vessel, was uneventful, rood weather
prevailing ail the way from pott to port.
City of Panama Arrives.
Steamer. . Destination. . j Sails. Pier.?
October 27.
Elizabeth... Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 20
Chlco Coquille River .... 1 pm Pier 2
Algoa China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Pomo. . . Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego 4; Way. 9 am Pier 11
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia Willapa Harbor. ... 12 m Pier 2u
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.. B pn>Pler 8
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 4
K. Cruz San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
October 28.
Corona Humholdt 1 :30 p Pier 9
October 29,
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
fc'an Pedro.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Alameda Honolulu n am Pier 7
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Norwood.... Seattle & Taeoma. 6 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports.. 4 pm Pier 2
Iaqua Astoria & Portland 10 am Pier 2
October 30.
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Centennial.. Seattle & Taeoma. 6 pm Pier 20
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Homer Los Angeles Ports. 6 pm Pier 2
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 27
Chehalla.. .¦ Grays Harbor 3 pmlPler 2
<v ¦:= . October 31.
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
S. Monica. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Redondo Astoria & Portland 1 pm Pier 2
November 1.
Umatilla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
November 2.
Arctic Humboldt Sampler 2
November 3.
Columbia. . • Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 4.
N. Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Rainier Seattle & BUnghm 4 pm Pier 10
November 6.
City Panami N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Aurella Astoria & Portland S pm Pier 27
November 6.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
TO SAIL.
WEATHER REPORT.
SCHOONER LAtJRA MADSEN, DAM
AGED BY STORMS AND ICE IN
BERING SEA.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Curacao Mexican Ports Oct. 27
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Oct. 27
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 27
Argo Eel River Ports Oct. 27
DelNorte.... Creecent City Oct. 27
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 28
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 28
San Pedro.... San Pedro ..'. Oct. 29
Pomona ;. Humboldt .t Oct. 2S«
Wyefleld Oyster Harbor Oct. 29
Arctic Humboldt Oct. SO
Enterprise.... Hllo Oct. 30
Northland Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 30
W. Kruger... Portland & Astoria Oct. 30
Homer Grays Harbor Oct. 30
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Oct. 30
Redondo San Pedro Oct. 30
Chehalis San Pedro Oct. 30
Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 31
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. Oct. 31
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. Oct. 81
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Oct. 31
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 31
Ereakwater.. Coos Bay jOct. 31
S. Monica. ... San Pedro (Oct. 31
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. Nov. 1
Corona Humboldt ..'. Nov. 1
North Fork... Humboldt Nov. 1
Jeanie Seattle & Taeoma .... Nov. 2
Aurella Portland & Astoria Nov. 2
Acapulco New York via Ancon.. Nov. 2
Queen. PugPt Pound Ports. ... Nov. 2
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului.. Nov." 6
G. W. Elder. . Portland <fc Astoria Nov. 6
Alliance .. Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 6
veramsay. from Antwerp, for Vancouver.
Per whalint bark Gayhead, from Bering
Sea Oct 26— Set)t 10. In Bering 6ea, Br schr
Llbble, with 275 skins; same date, Br schr
Zlllah May. with &0 skins.
S*pt 15— Whallnsr bark Alice Knowles, in
Bering Sea. with 1000 pounds bone and 1000
barrel* tserm oil.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oet 26, 10 p m — Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity S miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Oct 25 — Stmr
Ehacta. hence Oct 21.
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 2&— Stmr Montara,
h*nce Oct 22; itmr Je.ffen»on. from Skagway.
Arrived Oct 2ti — Stmr Jeanie, hence Oct 21:
5:45 v m — stmr Victoria, from Nome; stmr
Grace Dollar, hence Oct 21.
BALLARD— Arrived Oct 25 — Schr Samar,
from Manila, via Port Townsend.
ASTORIA — Arrived Oct 25 — Stmr Aurelia.
hence Oct 22; Btmr Despatch, hence Oct 22.
Oct 2« — Stmr Columbia, hence Oct 24.
Sailed Oct 26 — Br shin Wray Castle, for
United Kingdom.
TATOOSH— Passed in Oct 2&— Stmr Victoria.
from Nome, for Seattle; Br Btmr Miowera,
from Brisbane, for Vancouver.
Passed out Oct 26 — Br stmr Wvefield, for
San Francisco.
PORT HARPORD— Sailed Oct 26, 1 a m—
Stmr Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
Sailed Oct 26. 7 v m— Stmr Bcnita, for San
Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr
Alaskan, for Mukilteo: bktn Quickstep for
Mukllteo.
TACOMA — Sailed Oct 26 — Br bark Kildal
too. for United Kingdom.
Arrived Oct 2tJ— Stmr Mackinaw, hence
Oct 22.
EUREKA — Arrived Oct 26 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Oct 25: stmr Acme, hence Oct 25; stmr
Eureka, tteact Oct 25.
PORT TOVr.NSEXD — Arrived Oct 26 — Br
ship Balmoral, from Antwerp.
Sailed Oct 26— Bark Charmer, for Australia.
Passed out Oct 26 — Br bark Klldalton, from
Taeoma. for United Kingdom.
WINSLOW — Sailed Oct 26 — Bktn James
Tuft, for Belllngham.
REDONDO — Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Asun
cion hence Oct 24. I
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Oct 29— Schr
Fortuna, from Port Clarence.
MUKILTEO— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Melville
Dollar, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 25—
Stmr Alcazar, from San Pedro, and sailed
Oct 26 for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 26 — Ptmr Alca
traz. from Point Arena; etmr £anta Monica,
hence Oct 24.
Sailed Oct 26 — Stmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco; echr F S Redneld, for Port Town-
MDd.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Curacao,
for Ban Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr
Santa Rc#e, from San Diejro; stmr Bonlta.
from San Piedro.
Sailed Oct 26 — Stmrs Santa Roea and Bo
nlta. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr
Coronado, for San Pedro.
Arrived Oct 26 — Schr Compeer, hence Oct 10.
ABERDEEN — Sailed Oct 20 — Stmr Coro
nado, for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Ven
tura, bence Oct 80.
Arrived Oct 26— Bark W B Flint, hence
Oct 1L
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 26— Jap stmr Amer
ica Maru. for Yokohama,
EASTERN PORTS.
NETV YORK — Sailed Oct 25 — Etmr Advance,
for Colon. Oct 20 — Bhlo S P Hitchcock, for
Hongkong.
Arrived Oct 25 — Stmr Yucatan, from Colon.
SPARROW" POINT— Passed Oct 25— Br etmr
Condor, from Baltimore, for Callao.
CAPE HENRY— Passed Oct 25— Shin BenJ
F Packard, from New York, for Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 22— Br stmr Athe
nian, for Victoria. Oct 26 — Br etmr Coptic, for
Ban FranciBC<£ via Honolulu.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 23— Fr bark Tur
got. from Tacoroa,
CALLAO — Sailed Sept 15 — Br stmr Coya, for
Guayaquil. Oct 25 — G«r stmr Menes, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Sept 16 — Ger «tmr Totmes, hence
July 30. and sailed Sept 17 for Hamburg.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Oct 24 — Fr bark
Marechal de Noailles, for Limerick.
LIMERICK— Arrived Oct 25— Fr bark Mar
echal de Noalllea. from Oregon.
HONGKONG — Arrived Oct 25 — Br stmr M
S Dollar, from Kuchlnotzu.
HULL — Sailed Oct 25 — Br ship Plnmore,
for San FrancUco, via Newcastle. En*.
SINGAPORE) — Arrived ortor to Oct 26 — Br
•tmr Crydoa. from New York.
Sailed Oct M — Br stmr Indnvelli. for Ma
nila.
COMOX. B C — Sailed Oct 25— Br Btmr Wye
fleld for Fan Franclnco.
ACAPULCO — Sailed Oct 24 — Btmr Newport,
for A neon. Oct 25 — Stmr Acapulco. for San
Francisco.
ENSENADA — Sailed Oct 25 — Stmr Curacao,
from Guayroaa and way ports, for San Fran.
Cisco.
VICTORIA — Arrived Oct 26 — Br stmr Mio
wera, from Brisbane; stmr Leelanaw, from
Seattle.
Passed in Oct 26 — Br atmr Wellington,
hence Oct 22 for Ladysmlth.
6ALINA CRUZ — Sailed Oct 20 — Br dredger
Mexico, for San Francisco, and not Britannic,
as previously reported. .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 26-^Stmr Ar
menia, from Liverpool: stmr Nekar, from
Bremen.
Sailed Oct 26 — Stmr Teutonle, for Liver
pool; stmr Noordam. for Rotterdam; stmr
Hellig^lav. for Copenhagen.
DOVER — Arrived Oct 26 — Stmr Graf Wal
deireft from N«w York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Cedric,
lor New York.
Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Oceanic, from New
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Oct 2« — Stmr
Gaelic from San Francisco.
COPENHAGEN — Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Os
car II from New York.
LONDON— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Menominee,
from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr
Kait-er Wllne'.m IL from Bremen, for N«w
York.
Attention ha* recently b««n called to the
necessity of Improvement Jn the quality ot
wheat raised In California, and the figures
show the importance of the ,«ubject and the
necessity of action being taken. The crops of
wheat of the last few years have been as
fuJlowe: 1901. 830,000 tons; 1902. 500.000 tons;
1903. 470,000 tons, and 1904. estimated at 400.
000 tons. Not only has acreage been decreased,
but the yield of wheat per acre- ha» been below
the average, partly owing to climatic reasons.
Due Importance must also be given to the fact
that our wheat lands have been continuously
cropped for a long number of years without
any attempt at rotation of crops and without
any attempt to renew the soil by adding the
necessary ingredients that have been gradually
exhausted. ¦
The wheat fanner has done his best by
giving hi* land a rest by the system of sum
mer fallowing and the seeding of crops but
once In two years; but this does not seem to
be sufficient. In other States the question of
the quality^ of the wheat produced baa re
ceived earnest attention and large sums of
money have been appropriated by the States
for the purpose of making such Investigations
as will assist In enhancing the quality and
quantity of the grain raised. In California
absolutely nothing has been done In this Hne,
and It Is beyond question a matter of the most
vital importance that proper Investigation
should be initiated and experiments conducted.
This would mean an I expenditure by • the
State of not to- exceed- $5000 per. annum and
the results that are sure to be returned would
be of the utmost value to the farmer, the land -
owner and miller and the welfare of the State
, generally. Investigations would be conducted
along two lines — first, the breeding or pro
curing of a Bpecles of wheat that would retain
its glutenous qualities, and secondly, the
proper means of economically and practically
restoring the lands that show symptoms of
being worn out.
The wheat crop of California In future will
be raised ) on much smaller units than has
hitherto been the case. Only in exceptional
cases has wheat been raised by means of irri
gation, but with the land being gradually cut
Into email farms and water being applied
throughout the length and breadth of the State
much of the future crop of wheat of California
will be assisted In Its growth by applying
water by artificial means. To do this it Is not
necessary that the growing plant itself should
be saturated. It has been shown beyond a
doubt that It would be most advantageous to
give the land a thorough soaking before seed
irig and . thereby assure a sufficient supply of
moisture underneath for the use of the plant
during its growing season. Working the land
In smaller units, the matter of fertilization can
be handled, which Is practically Impossible
with fields of the present stxe. Under these
conditions the yield per acre will be doubled.
The ordinary accepted ratio of consumption
in the United States is one barrel of flou r per
capita. It is uncertain as to whether this
ratio will hold good In California, but in view
of its cosmopolitan population and In view of
the fact tbat a comparatively small amount of
corn flour is used it is probable that the con
sumption per capita in this State is the equiva
lent of 285 pounds of wheat. Taking this ratio
of consumption, the population of the State of
California is at present 1,766, (500 persona. The
census of 1900 gives the population of Cali
fornia as being 1,485,063.
Secretary T. C." Friedlander of the
Merchants' Exchange has secured some
very striking figures from all the flour
millers of California, which emphasize
the general statements that have been
pvfblished recently in reference to the
shortage in the milling wheat produc
tion of this State. According to these
authoritative sources of information
there were produced in California in
the twelve months ending June 30. 1904,
2,188,238 barrels of flour. The exports of
flour from this State during the same
twelve months were 917,176 barrels,
while the imports of flour into Califor
nia amounted to 583,197 barrels. As
suming that the stocks of flour amount
ed to the same on July 1, 1904, and
July 1, 1903, the amount of flour actu
ally consumed in California was 1,854,
259 barrels.
The flour millers' returns also show
that in the designated twelve months
they ground 71,220 tons of wheat grown
outside of California, which was about
one-fourth of the total amount ground
by them. As a rule the wheat import
ed into the State brought a higher price
than milling wheat produced at home.
The importation was made necessary
to enable the mills to obtain a wheat
supply with sufficient glutenous sub
stance to produce, when mixed with
native grown wheat, flour up to the
marketable standard. The importation
of foreign wheats into California has
Increased during the last few years,
and the amount now imported is great
er than ever before.
Mr. Friedlander reports other facts
of general interest relative to wheat, as
follows:
Finally the captain was obliged to
turn his prize loose, and, with the ex
ception of some bone taken from the
head, the catch was lost.
Antone Merido, one of the crew,
died of consumption and was buried in
the Arctic. Many of the crew were
; r. ,-n hands, and the usual troubles
between the men and officers occurred.
C. X. Fayne complains that Boat
header Church etruck him with a ham
mer, and between the captain. First
Mate Tease and the hammer-throwing
c:h'jrch he would have been killed if
the second mate, Joseph, a colored
man, had not rescued him.
The «Jayhead encountered a fierce
gale in the Arctic, which put her under
dose-reefed canvas for a week. The
fctorm was very inconvenient at that
time, for she had a big dead right
whale alongside, and the unwieldy car
cass bumping and pounding against
the bark stove a hole in the hull. No
blubber could be cut from the body,
but Captain Fisher grimly held on to
his prey that even In death was try
ing to sink him. For four days and
nights the skipper gave himself extra
watches on deck, where he put in the
time shaking first one fist at the living
gale that was trying to tear the masts,
out overhead and the other fist at the
dead whale that was knocking holes
In his ship's side below. The vessel's
log does not state what class of lan
guage the skipper used during this
period, but it is said that the carpen
ler's remarks had a sulphurous aroma
;is he stuffed canvas in the cracks
from the inside of the hull.
The first whaler to arrive direct from
the Arctic and Bering Sea is the
Lark Gayhtad. Captain C. \V. Fisher,
which came into harbor last evening.
She pailed from this port on March
25. acd reports a catch of five right
whales and one sperm. From the first
the has 400 ban-els of oil and from the
«pera 30 barrels. Captain Fisher re
ports ihat all of the whalers are out
01" the Ice and will return to San Fran
i-isco at the close of this season. He
epoke the Alice Knowles and the Mon
terey on September 25. The former
vessel had three right whales and the
latter had about 1100 barrels of oiL
He also announces that the Jeanette
had t«.ken nine whales and the Bow
fcead five.
The Gayhead evidently struck a
school of fighters, as she had five boats
stove in, two of them so badly dam
aged as to be put out of commission
for. the remainder of the voyage. These
were smashed into splinters by the
whales that objected to the blubber pot.
and a cumber of the boats' crews were
hurt, though not seriously. Fortunate
ly other boats were close by and the
swimming men were pulled out of the
icy water alive.
First Complete Reports Are
Issued That Illustrate
a Very Important Matter
Laura Madsen, Re
ported Lost, Is
Here From Alaska
EXTENT OF SHORTAGE
To the Merchants' Exchange
They Furnish Statistics
Regarding Wheat's Status
Pacific Mail Liner
City of Panama in
From South Coast
FLOOR MILLERS
MAKE RETURNS
BARK GAYHEAD DAMAGED BY DEAD WHALE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALi;^THURSDAY, -OCTOBER 27, 1904.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
7
ADVERTlSEaiENTS.
BL^^Nal Dnnk ¦
,;^S »HaH Vp
a v :•¦ 11 1
Glass "H jQj
p$\ Natural ™(j
9 Laxative
8 Water
IJIBsssI
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
tj*^^ Tr»lma leave and an* elm*
/^«« Tr >>5rf\ *• »*tIts> at
(S^^^iZi 8AN F»ANCISCO.
V —^2T~//I/ T*<nt CcTQ»»m 28, HOC
V>^a|v/ Fsxkt Dxrev
x s^C \Jy^ (foot ef Market Sffee*.)
»»" - MAIN LINE. -* B>t ™
7C9a Va««TlUe. Wlaters. Kaai*er~ 7.6Or
7.00a Bealola,Klatraaad Saeraoieato.. 7.20(»
7J0AV»!leJ«, Nape, Callateca. SuU
Rom. Martlaes. Ssa lUmoi IMp
730a SlV«.Trsoy. LatHrop. 6t«cku>a.... 7.20*
8 00A8a»n* KiprrM— (Via D»Ti»).
WHllaais, Winews. trrato. Red
BlaC rerUsse, Tscoas, SeatUe 7.5ft»
5 tOA I>*Tla.Wee4]aaa.CaighuLsadtBS,
MarytTtlie. Oreviue 740»>
I-30a liartiaei. Aatteca, Byroa. Traay.
Btocktoa. Newsasa. Lm Bsaoa,
Meaaeta. Annoaa, Hsaford.
Tlsslla. renervQIe 4.20bi
• 30a Pen Oesta. Meeeste, Merved,
Fresae, Oeiaea J« action. Baa-
1_J fer*. TUeUe,.Bakersaeld ...... 450»»
8 JO A HDes, Ssa Joes, Lrrermore. BtoeK-
ton, C-MUtoo). loan, fiscrwaeaw, ___
Ifarysvtlle. CMco. Bed Bluff .... *¦£>
130a Oakdsle, Cblaete. Jsaestewa. Bo-
aora. Taolaaae sad Aagel* ..... *"ts*
9 BO a A Usatlc Kzpreas— Ogaea sad tut. 5-20i»
9-33a Btehsaead. MarUaea aad Way „ __
Suttoa* *M*
lOMATbi Overlsad Ltmlted — Ogdea.
Oaaaa. Chicago, Dearer, Eaasaa „_
iu^t.^;^^!!::::::.:::::::::::::!^
1 O.COa Lo» Aageles rssaeager — Pert
Cosu. Marttaes. Byroa. Trmcr.
Latkre*. Stockton, Merced.
It»f mood. Fresno, Ooshea Jaae-
0 Uoa, lUaford. Lemoore, Ylsalla,
Bakersfleld. Lot Aagelee 7 7u»
12.0fliit Hayward. Nllessad W»y Statloa*. _HS*
t100»» S»criaa«nto RWar 9te»m«rs. nl.00»
J 30p Beatela, Wlaters. Ssersmeauv
W«o41sad, Kalgbts Laadlag.
MarrsTilla, OroTllle aad way
staUons *2K*
5.!0i» Hsrwsrd.Nllte aad W»r Buttons.. J.W»
3 30 p Port Costa. Msrttaez, BTrea,Tr*«7,
Lathroa, Siocktea, Medesto.
Merced. Bereaes, Fresae sad
W»y Stations k«Toad Port Costa 12-20*
4 C0PM»rtla«i,9«»Ranaon,ValleJo,If4p».
Csllstoga.BaaURoM. «.
4-COPKlles. Tracy. Stockton 10.20a
4-30P Haywars. NUes. Irvlagtoa. S«aJ 13.50a
Jose. LITsrmore i {11.50a
6 00pTbb Owl Limited— Kawmsa. Lea
Baaes, MeadoM. Tresao. Tatars.
Bakersfleld. Los Aageles. ....... 8.50a
tS 30p Flaywrnrd. Kites sad baa Joae 7.20a
b.OCP Harw«x«. NUes aad Saa Jose 8 50*
COOP Baitera Expresa— Omaaa, Caleajco.
Dearer. Kaunas City, St. LouH, , v '
Martlnei. Stockton. Sacrameato.
Colfax. Reae, Sparks, Meateilo,
-— O«dea 12.B0*
¦.sup Vallejo, dally, except daaday.... » j Kf! _
7 -OOP Vallejo, Suaday on\j f '•••***
7 00*» Richmond, Saa Pablo. Port Coats.
Martlaez and Way SUUoas ! 1120 A
/¦OOPBeao Passeajer— Port Costa. Be-
atda, Satsoa. Ehnlra. Dixoa.
Davis. Sacrameato, Sparks. Teao*
pah. Keeler aad Wsy Stations... 7.50a
t.OSp Oregoa * California Express— 8ae»
• rmmeate, MarysrUle. Raddtag.
Portland. Paget Soand sad Kaat. 8.50a
8.1 Of Hay ward, Kllea aad Saa Jese(Saa-
dayealy) 1150a
COAST LINE (Sarrew tiaag*).
(Toot et Marfcet Street.)
8.16a Newarlt. Ceatervllle. Saa Jess,
Feltoa. Boalder Creek, Saata
Cruz aad Way Statloas f-IB>
t2.15p Newark. Ceaterrtlle, Saa Jose,
New Almaden, Los Oato*. Feltoa,
Boalder Creek. Saata Crax aod
Principal Way Sutloas t1845*
4.16p Newark, San Joae, Lot Gatoe...] *]§ ;||*
«930p Hunters* Train fSatarday only)—
Saa Jose aad VayBtatloas tj.t%m
COAST LINE <*reaa Uaagei.
XT (Third aad Tewasead Streets^
6.10a baa Joie aad Way BtaUons 5-30 P
700a Saa Jose aad Way Stations Mu*
• 00a K*w Almaden (Taes, Md, oolr). 4.18*
800a The Coaster— San Jo«e. Salinas.
. Baa Ardo, Paso Robles. Saata
Margarita, Ban Lais OfcUpA,
Guadalupe, Garlota. S«ata Bar-
bars. Saa Bneaaveatara, Moa-
talro. Oxaard. Barbaak. L«a •
Angeles . t8-S9*>
8 00a Otlroy, Holliater, Castrorille, Del
Moate, Pacific Orovo, Surf, Lora-
»ee 1040*
S.00A Ban Jose. Trea Plaos.WafcsonvlDe,
Capltola. Saau Cras, Paetfl«
6roTe. Saltaat. Baa Loi» Oblsp*
aad Prtae!»ai Way 8i«Ueo»..... 4-1 fr»
104CA Baa Joae aad Way Stations ........ 1.20P
I 148a Saa Jo«e aad Way Bu:tons........ 7.30p
2-1Sp San Joee an 4 Way Stations 8- 13 A
LOOP Del Mont* Bxprets— Saata Clara,
fcaa J«s«, Watsearllle. Saau
Craz. Del Meats. Meaterey,
Paolte Grove. .« tt-TSP
tS-OOp Les Qates. Wrlgbt Boalder Creek,
Saata Craz, vis Beats Oars sad
Narrow Gauge TT0-43A
S-50P Yaleael* St., Soata Saa Prancltco,
BarUngame, Saa Jose, Gllroy, •»'*•
Hollister, Trea Plaoe „ 1&48a
4 30p Sta Joia and Way Buttons tS-00*
t500P BaaU Clara, Ban Jsse. Los Oatoa,
aad frtaelpal Way aUttoas (ex-
cept Sunday) 19-0OA
|5-30p EaBJeieaa4Prlnclp«:WaySUUona I3.44U
6-4SP Basset Bzpreaa.— Redweod. Baa
Jose.GUroy.SaUaas.raee Beblea,
Ban Lais ObUpo. Saau Barbara,
Los Angeles, Dealing. Kl Pa**,
6t.Lo«1s,I7ewOrleaB«,5ewYork S-rfla
B.4SpP»J»ro. WauonTilli", Capltola.
Baau Cruz. Cailro villa, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove 10-30»
18>18p fcanMateo.Beretford.Belmoat.flaa
Carlos. Redwoed. Fair Oaka>
Mealo Park. Palo Alto MUSa
6 30p Pan Joie and Way Stations. 8-33a
800p Paio Alto aad Way Buttons 10.15a
I 1 .30p Santh SanFrandsco. M llibrte. Bar-
• llngame, Ban Mateo, Bslmont,
Can Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alt* ffl.4S>
«1130p JIayneld, Moaauia View, Suany-
vale, Lawrence, BaaU Clara aad
Baa Joae ttu4»
A for Moraiag. P tor Afteraoea. ~
tSanday excepted. tSandayealy.
t> eatardaj only. o Mondiy only.
. iStosa at all nations ea Sunday^
H To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY/
BULL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via S*naallto Terry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at t7:0^.
7:45. 8:25. 8:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:45. i;ii,
4:35, 8:15. 6:50. «:30. 7:15, 9:00 and u.a
P ' Arrive at San Franciseo, daily, at f«:40t
7^S 8:13w 8:50. 9:35. 10:80 a. m.; 1:30. 2:54.
• Im. 5:05. 5:-»2. 9:22. «:97. 7:40 and U:U
P *tDaifjr except Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:43 a. m.; also Sat*
vrdays *t 3:15 v- »-. «* d *»T except 8»rur«
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAEfS.
7:45 a. m. daily— Caxadero and way aUUoaal
3:1S p. m.. Saturdays only — For Casadaro,
etc. ****<«"»*'*«»^t ¦wj
5:15 p. in., dally, except Saturday and Sua-
¦day, for Tomales, etc
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market at.
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market it.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Wk. Bays fa3J»7» i^^^^^k Sandayt WiTBayT
_ _. 8:35a (Sv^ifS 3^ 1:3Op *1O:5Oa
0:50a 9:&0a } &SS^S&J »:55p 3:53r
„ 11:0Oa 4:35p .....
l;4Sp l:4Bp \B:22e Q.Ti^
(atuisn 4:35p ' fctanUji Iltl3p
¦ »Tla firarily Car Y lt.Tiua>lyaijtslUUTane»
- UniT t «50 Maxkzt ST.,(Nortb Shore RaUroad)
, UJIOB I and Sausaxxio Fsjuly. Foot Maikat S«w
I I OIL HEATERS
..FOR THESE COLD, DAMP DAYS.^
For genuine comfort at a nominal
expense Oil Heaters are the best.
They are economical, clean and odor-
1 less, no more trouble to take care of i
than any ordinary lamp. Burns from
10 to 12 hours without refilling, heat-
ing a room from 15 to 20 feet square.
Price, $4.25 /gk
> Alio tha Model C*» Kf\ W-.*!* Jj)
r OU Heater for * J ' JU
1 ' 1 *P sy *i V f *V^''| 'IVD ,
RAILWAY TRAVEI*
The Ociy Donble-Track Railway Between
the Missouri River and CUcafo.
The
Overland
Limited
The Most Luxurious Train In the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North»Western Rys.
Leaves San Francisco dally at 10 a. m. I
Two other trains daily at ft a. m. and 1
6 p. m. jD
For tickets, sleeping car reservations and I
full information apply to agents Southern I
Pacific Co., or |
R. R. RITCHIE, I
General Agent Chicago & North-Western Railway. I
617 Market Street, I
SAN FRANCJSCO, CAL- I
— . ; -^
iff Buwn
B LIMITED TO CHICACOB
1 LEAVES MOHDAYS *nd THURSOATS j
S at 9:3O »- m.; toxonffo, In 3 d *7*-B
« With dinar anfl all trapping*. 11
, Other Santa Fe Trains:
o : ?S-'™'lFor Stockton. Fresno. Bakerafleld,
8:0Op.m.'J Merced. Hanford and VisaUa.
4 :00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago. '
Ticket Offices— 641 Market et. and Ferry Depot,
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
_ land, Cal. ; also 27 South 1st, San Jose,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Perry. Foot of Market Strtrt.
SAW FRATTCISCO TO **— "^«-FAEt.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12 :33.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; l-M, 3:30.
5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAPAEL TO SAN FBANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:35. 7:50. 9:20. U:13
a. m.; 12:&0. 3:40. 6:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:00 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:05. 6:05. 6:25 p. m. ¦
Leave | In Effect J Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. f • San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- ] Sun- I Week
Days. I daya. I tlon. ( days. | Day*.
7:30 a 8:00 a . »:10a 8:40 a
9:30 a Icnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p «:06 p 6:20 9
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:33 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petalutna, j 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and J 7:35 p
( 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor.
7:30a 8:00 a Bealdsbarg, 10:49a 10:20 a
Lytton,
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville, 7:33 p 8:20 p
¦¦. .¦ Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a] 10:20 a
. 3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklao. ¦ | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
~~i ' ~~\ WlUlts and j I
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Sherwood. ] 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al * |10:40allO:20a
3.:30p| 3:30 p| Gnemevllle. |7:35pJ6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 0:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p( Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
~7:30a| 8:00a| -. -110:40 a[10:20 a
3:50 p| 3:30 pj SebastopoL I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Qucntln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
1 Lytton Springs; at Gey»ervllle for Ekargs
! Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
I villa and Greenwood; 'at' Hopland for Duncai
Springs, Highland Sprlngsv • Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Spring, Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs,
1 Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
{ Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day's.
{Riverside, Lderly's. Bucknell'i. Sanhedrln
{ Heights, Hullville, Orr'a Hot Springs, Halfway
j House, Comptche, Hopkins. Mendocino City
I Fort Bragg, Westport and Uaal; at Wllllts for
! Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
I Bragg. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cummin*-*.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Hubbard. Fruitland.
." Dyer, Garberville, Camp 6. Pepper wood. Scotia
sad Eureka.
> - Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
; duced ratesi
i On 8unday— Round-trip tickets to all point*
.* beyond San Rafael at half rates.
• : •> i Ticket olflca. 630 Market street. Chronicle
buiming. ¦ ¦**•*¦»! "nTiriwr t ' > " in
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN. •
i ¦ - Gen. Manager. ' . Gen. Pass.rAgt.
SUM31iai RESORTS.
SOBTE BSOXS KOTXZr— On Tomales
.. Bay. - Good , table and accommodations. House
, gas-lighted. •'- Prices ¦ very reasonable. MRS. J.
.* shieLds. i#-»-->««ii- r Maria Cooacr.* r '«'Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1012, •
THERE ARE OTHERS.
She— Is. there any money Jn_ poker?
He (absently)^-A good deal of 5 mine
1 1 In II l"'illlllllfllff'iftifflllrl ' -
The Japanese will now have an op
portunity of playing the "luring on"
game, though they .may not /carry it
so ; far as Kuropatkin did. Their ' forte
seems to Jbe in following instead of
luring.— New York Tribune^
_ . Mrs. ¦ Cutting Hintz^-I guess that ac
counts i for.? those % night-: sweats " - you've
[ .;Mr.; Cutting- Hintz— Every night this
week I've dreamed ithat I-died.
A HOT ONE.
Kuropatkin has at last assumed' the
offensive, and. has forced Kuroki to re
trent In the flrst"eri'gagement. Perhaps
Kurokl is only .'endeavoring to coax
him back into the 'borders of civiliza
tion.—Plttsburg Press.
comic .o^era?
, ; He— No; -the gags 'they used were all
A GREAT DIFFERENCE.
' H«— I was bound and gagged by
bandits. ">
; - She— Were they like , the bandits in
Townsend's California Gl.tce fruits tn
artistic fire-etched boxes. 713 Market st.
On November 1. 1301. will be? advanced
10c per lb. Holiday orders received v.p to
that date at prea-.-r.t price. •
Th» latest cult contemplates the cul
tivation of ail the censes. " Of courre it
cannot Interest those narrow minded
The question "Does housework make
vomen URly?" is answered by the
dally increasing '.1st of men in troubl^
r.c a result of kissing pretty servants.—
»\v York H^raltl. H§H|
They anointed King Peter of Scrvia
xrltli oil recently. The wonder is
that they did not sprinkle him with
ch'.orifie of lime. — Boston Transcript.
PRESENT-Subscriber. City. What
"a young man should give a lady friend
as a birthday present" depends upon
the degree of friendship. Again, a
young man who wants to give a lady
friend a birthday present.ought to have
no difficulty in ascertaining what the
lady's tastes are, and govern himself
accordingly.
Answers to Queries.
What is a Populist father? A
Populist, ray son. Is a man who shoots
at the Democrat* and votes with the
Republicans. — New York World.
"* Out In the State of Kansas they are
objecting to the importation of spell
binders. A great State like that is
expected to -furnish ; all the necessities
that her people need. — New York
World. HBHHM
In Nebraska Mr. Bryan is for more
greenbacks as the currency of the
country. But when he comes to Mis
souri he joins the. Bourbons for strict
regularity. — St. Louis Globe-Demo
crat.
individuals who cultivate the dollar
crabbing sense alone.— -New York
World.
The doubtful States seem to be saw
ing wood and saying nothing for pub
lication. — Mem phis Commercial-Ap
peal.
The sweeping gray moss of the
Southern forests is linked with com
merce. It fills mattresses for beds
and cushions for buggies. It Is use
ful for packing arid it is gathered as
any other crop is gathered by people
who are paid by - the day. Moss is
gfnned/as cotton is ginned; the outer
cuticle of the fiber is removed and
leaves it much like horse hair. It Is
then good for anything that needs
stuffing. In Louisiana, instead of
merely a detail of swamp scenery, it
is the basis of an Industry.
Southern Moss Utilized.
The dead body of a man, which was
identified by a. lady named Deschamps
as that of her husband, was found ly
ing on the high road near Landerneau
on August 16 last, says a Paris special
in the London Express.
The remains were duly interred and
a memorial stone was erected over the
grave. 6 Recently, to the consternation
of his family, M. Deschamps walked
Into his house in the best of health,
and it was discovered that a stranger
had been buried by mistake. M.' Des
champs afterward visited the monu
ment erected to his memory.
Visited His Own Tombstone.
Make a syrup of four cups of water.
one and a half cupa of sugar, the Juice
and grated rind of one lemon. After
it has boiled five minutes put in red
apples that have been pared, cut in
halves and the cores taken out. Cook
until tender, but not to break. Lift
carefully with a skimmer into a glass
dish and reduce the syrup by bollin"
until not over a cup is left in the
saucepan. Add a speck of color paste
to make,it a deep pink tint and pour
round the apples. Cool and serve with
plain thin cream.
APPLE COMPOTE.
Popovers make a very good quicic
dessert. Put one cup of milk, two eggs
and seven-eighths cup of sifted flour
Into a bowl and beat a long time with
an ess beater, then pour into hot
greased Iron popover pans and bake.
For the sauce, cream a rounding table
spoon of butter and three-quarters cup
of sugar; add a level tablespoon of
cornstarch, one-third of a 'nutmeg
grated, or any other flavoring. Add
the white of one egg beaten stiff, then,
pour on two cups of boiling water and
simmer five minutes.
POPOVERS WITH SAUCE.
Many a storekeeper has been robbed
systematically and extensively by. the
return to the store after hours of the
person to whom was intrusted the key
of the establishment. A means of over
coming this has been devised by F. M.
Thompson of Danbury, Vt., who has
Invented a lock which is opened with a
key entirely different from the one
which locked it. The employe carrying
the closing-up key could not return and
make his way into the store for the
reason that the lock would not respond
to his key and should the other party
try. this trick with His openlng-up key
he would not be able to close up the
establishment after - his plundering
visit. Any possible complication of this
lock may be solved by the employer,
who carries the master key, which will
operate on the lock at ' all times.
The "Safeguard" Lock.
AMONG the offices to be filled by the suffrage of the people at
the coming election is that of Associate Justice of the State
Supreme Court, a vacancy left by the expired term of Judge
William G. Lorigan. To succeed himself on the Supreme Bench the
incumbent is a candidate on the Republican ticket.
The office of Justice of the Supreme Court is one entirely di
vorced from politics and partisan issues, more so, even, than those
of the Superior judiciary. As such it should be considered by voters.
In the selection of a Supreme Court Justice there are no questions
of political policy to be subserved, no calls of partisan nature to be
heeded; the office is one apart from the interests and aims of the
rest of the elective machinery of State government. It rests with
this highest bar of justice in the commonwealth to interpret the
constitution, determine the validity of legislative action and sit on
appeals from the lower tribunals, and consequently efficiency is the
only test to be applied in the selection of its members.
To this gauge Justice Lorigan answers with his record. With
many years of experience on the Superior Bench of Santa Clara
County behind him, the Judge was appointed by the . Governor to
fill the place left vacant in the Supreme Court by the death of Jus
tice Jackson Temple in January, 1903. Lorigan has had, therefore,
competent experience in the office to which he now stands for elec
tion.. The Judge's opponent in the election, excellent man though he
may be, has had no experience in the duties he seeks to assume. The
weight' of Judge Lorigan's demonstrated worth, already proven in
the discharge of his duties on the Supreme Bench, should serve to
elect him by a large majority.
In Japan a well-bred woman does
not go to the theater until she is old
and ugly. It is not thought proper
for her to understand music. If she
is religious she is termed "flighty."
She spends most of her time at home
tending to her children and servants
and performing all sorts of " menial
service for her husband and his
family.
THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY.
Woman in Japan.
Put half a cup of boiling water Into
a small saucepan; add a rounding
tablespoon of butter, a saltspoon of"
salt, and a dash of red pepper. Mix a
rounding teaspoon of flour smooth with
a little cold water, turn into the boiling
mixture and cook six minutes. Add a
pint of drained oysters and cook until
their edges curl, then pour on buttered
toast.
OYSTERS OX TOAST.
Human beings are not alone in suf
fering from plague in India. The
disease has been bad of late in the
Mysore state, where it is reported,
writes our Simla correspondent, that
one of the palace elephants has suc
cumbed after developing what seem
ed to be typical plague swellings.
A' Mysore correspondent writes to a
Bombay paper that elephants and
deer are also dying in the Heggadde
vankot forests of what is believed, lo
cally, to be nothing else than the
plague, which has been prevalent
among the human inhabitants of some
of the villages in the neighborhood. —
London Daily Mail.
Elephants Dying From Plague.
Somehow a really Intoxicated man
that one can see for nothing hasn't the
humor about him that comes with the
stage drunk that one can see for so
much an opera chair.
When some man tells a girl the story
of his life It might be described a lit
tle more graphically, if not by a more
lady-like term. — Baltimore American.
All the world's a stage, and, to hear
most men talk, you" would think they
were stage managers.
It's only the people who have never
been married or who are satisfied with
their choice who don't believe in di
vorce.
Line a plate with paste rolled thin.
Fill with oysters, prepared as for scal
loped oysters, put bits of butter, a dust
of flour and a speck of pepper over th«
layers. When the dish is full cover
with paste rolled thin and set In a.
quick oven for about twenty minutes.
OliD FASHIONED OYSTER PIB.
A Spinster's Reflections.
Chop one cup of cranberries and add
one cup of sugar. Put two level table
spoons of cornstarch into a small
saucepan, pour on one cup of boiling
water and pour over the cranberries,
add a pinch of salt and a level table
spoon of butter. .--•-;
CRANBERRY PIE.
In the City of Dreams, as Lassa has
been called by the Imaginative people,
you seldom see an unmarried woman
over 20. But then the statistics} — or
what stands for them — are all in favor
of the fair sex, for there is an aver
age of about fifteen men to each wom
an. Hence it is not at all uncommon,
says a veracious traveler, to meet a
Tibetan woman out walking with a
dozen or so of her husbands. Indeed,
It was currently reported that one at
tractive matron had no fewer than
thirty-three husbands and contemplat
ed an early addition to the collection.
"With such a liberal allowance of hus
bands there should be no lack of pin
money. One might expect that such a
system would lead to domestic diffi
culties, but these apparently are miti
gated by the woman as a rule marry
ing a whole family at a time.
No Lack of Pin Money There
Peel six bananas and slice length
wise. Sprinkle with a little salt and
dredge lightly with flour. Put a few
drops of lemon juice on each slice, lay
in a baking dish and put in two table
spoons of water- Bake In a moderate
oven.
BAKED BAXANAS.
Pretty house gowns half negligee are
the most convenient of frocks for many
occasions. They are the acme of com
fort, yet in them one may se,e a caller
or appear at luncheon or even dinner
when the family is dining alone. For
inexpensive gowns of this order there
are the loveliest cashmeres, challls and
bargains in silks and thin wools. Plays
on the princesse robe are in order for
such dresses- Furbishlngs of velvet
and satin ribbons, laces and remnants
of silk embroideries abound on mark
down tables.
Fall walking' costumes harmonize
uncommonly/ well, this season of pic
ture effects, with the dying leaf. Even
the short' run-around morning frock
of mixed cheviot is reminiscent of
French court days with Its tightly
fitting coat, brave with vivid velvet
collar or revers and cuffs— a suggestion
of the riding dress of the eighteenth
century- •
One of the incongruities of to-day's
fashions, if one study illustrations of
costumes of the periods being copied
now, is the wide dissimilarity that one
finds in the feminine figures of the old
day and the new, says the New York
Sun. mental and physical,
do not tend to make sylphllke figures.
Hence the costumes worn by the wasp
waisted beauties of the court of Louis
XVI are plainly unsulted to the girl
who has won Juno proportions by out
door good times and indoor gymnas
tics. The tall, well-developed girl, who
is in the majority now, is not at her
best in outstanding sleeve tops and
skirt hems, and her waist is seldom
suited to girdles that accentuate the
robust development of waist .and hips.
Fancy, for instance, a gown shown
recently on the sturdy college girl who
won fame on the golf links this sum
mer. The gown was copied by a French
dressmaker from an old picture in the
Louvre in Paris. It depicted all the
airy frivolity of Versailles in its gay
est period. The deep point of the
bodice fell over an overdress of rich
parchment colored silk, flowered with
old world brocade designs which were
mingled with tiny wrought silver ones.
On the hips, the overdress puffed into
decided paniers opening over a petti
coat of ivory colored net applique,
with lace leaves. The chiffon petticoat
was buit over a reseda green velvet
skirt, which .was bordered at the foot
by the» leaves of lace. T>he bertha
draping the bodice was of folded silk
deeply frilled with the net and lace
ornaments. A wee .bit of sable glim
mered here and there in the lace folds.
Of the same period was a pale pea
green taffeta gown with skirt full and
plain like that of an old riding habit.
Its only ornamentations were sparse
applications of velvet flower sprays of
the same tone as the silk. The coat
was a true Louis XVI of embossed
velvet In the pea green tone. The only
relief in color were the touches of
cloudy old lace and the vest of faintly
tinted embroidery.
A restaurant gown of the same order
was of the softest old rose' taffeta
moussellne. It was trimmed with nar
row puffs of chiffon velvet of the same
shade manipulated into true lover's
knots. Deep ivory toned Mimosa lace
fashioned the petticoat front and the
bertha. W$0m
Fall Gowns Are Copied
From Old French Styles
Recipes in Variety;
Give Them a Trial
It was a woman who invented "con
densed milk," which, while nobody
wants it who can get the original arti
cle, is nevertheless of great .value on
Journeys, on shipboard and for emer
gencies. It was such an emergency,
says the Springfield Republican, that
led to the first condensed milk, for Mrs.
Albert Cashlngor of New Orleans fifty
years ago had a- sick baby and must
get expert-medical attention if it were
to live. That could not be had nearer
than New York City, and it was a long
sea voyage away. How to keep the lit
tle baby alive through that voyage she
did not know. But she had out up
many preserves and many jellies in her
time, and ehe began to experiment on
milk, and succeeded, and put up a lot
of jars of original condensed milk,
¦which fed her child through the voy
age. The fact interested several people
in New York, and finally Mrs. Caah
ingor grave her process away to a pack
of sharp fellows, who made fortunes
out of condensed milk and never gave
her a cent.
Parisian shop girls are studying fenc
ing. * Milliners, seamstresses, flower
makers and artists in feathers and em
broidery congregate two or three times
a week in a hall, where they don masks,
gloves, etc., and are initiated into the
mysteries of fencing by a mistress.
They pin up their skirts to allow free
dom of motion, and look very business
like as they lunge, thrust and parry.
They say they enjoy the lessons im
mensely. Challenges are already in the
air and there Is talk of sending "car
tels" to the chief when he has been in
an especially bad humor, and deadly
duels with a tyrannical mistress are
darkly hinted at.
The bureau drawer below the one that's
mine
Is shut both night and day with lock
and key.
And when ma opens It that is a sign
It's time* for me to" go and climb'a
¦ a tree; , «:. *s, ~, : .¦¦ ..... . ._¦*
1 For ma and Aunt Kate' both. agree '
Just then that I must go on an errand or
Split kindling wood. They never leave
me free;
So I Just wonder who the things are for.
One afternoon I stole a little peep
When I found out the place they kept
the key,
And ma was out and Aunt Kate was
asleep.
And what I saw was a surprise to me.
The cutest little clothes all carefully
Laid out, too small for me or brother
Hor;
They wouldn't reach half way down to
my knee;
So I Just wonder who the things are for.
I guess a doll could wear 'em, but you
see
I'm much too old for dolls; there'd be
a war
If they should try to force one on to me.
So I Just wonder who the things are
for.
—Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.
My ma's been working very hard of late
And doing it so sly and quietly
That no one knows about it but Aunt
Kate.
They try to keep it all from me.
And when I ask about it properly
They look and smile, and ma, she says:
"Oh, Lor'!
I didn't know 'that you were here to
see":
So I just wonder who the things are for.
Woman the Inventor
of Condensed Milk
A BALLADE OF WONDER
Shop Girls of La Belle
France Becoming Fencers
COPYRIGHT. 1904. BT SPECIAL, ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.
We wish that the solid citizens of this city could have been
in Washington at the last session of Congress to note the occu
pation of the Representatives of California. Every morning, long
before the noon hour for the meeting of the House, they would have
found Mr. Metcalf of Oakland hard at work in the Committee of
Ways and Means; Mr. Gillett with his coat off, digging away in the
Committee on the Judiciary; Mr. Needham in the Committee on
Public Lands; Mr. McLachlan busy with naval affairs and rivers
and harbors, and Mr. Daniels in the room of his leading committee,
all doing the public business of the people who sent them there,
while Mr. Livernash and Mr. Wynn were not found among the
workers of the House. We know that they may plead that Speaker
Cannon did not put them on leading committees. The truth is
that Speaker Cannon put them on such committees as were se
lected for them by John Sharp Williams, the Democratic leader of
the House. Cannon placed the Republican members and Williams
the Democratic members.
If Livernash and Wynn were put on subordinate commit
tees it was because Mr. Williams took their measure and placed
them where they seemed to fit. One of the strong reasons for leav
ing them both at home now is the indifferent estimate put upon
them by the leader of their own side of the House. They had no
strength, no popularity and no standing with the Democrats. If Mr.
Williams had thought Mr. Livernash deserving he could have put
him on the Committee of Ways and Means, giving California two
members of the leading committee of the House. But he did not
do it. Mr. Williams will be the leader of the minority in the next
House, and there is no evidence that his opinion of Livernash and
Wynn will improve any meantime. Then this great commercial city,
the American metropolis of the Pacific, with the greatest interest in
the commerce of that ocean and the greatest stake in its developmnt,
will be left with no voice in any committee that can influence its
destiny if it choose to return its two vacancies to the House !
The Call cares but little for the partisan aspect of this issue, nor
does that consideration figure influentially with" Democrats, for Liv
ernash and Wynn have nothing in common with real Democracy, and
both repudiated the Democratic party in classifying themselves in
the Congressional Directory. If there were in the House from San
Francisco a Democrat of the force, common sense and influence of
Stephen M. White, there would be good sense in keeping him there.
But what a vast distance is between Stephen M. White and Liver
rtash and Wynn!
We cannot think that these two seats are any longer debatable
We believe that Kahn and Hayes are sure of election and that San
Francisco will again go on the map.
One part of Mr. Livernasb/s campaign cannot be used in replica
by Mr. Wynn. Mr. Livernash is fruitful" of dreams that are to
be concreted by legislation, and of necessity is compelled to avoid
any statement of what he did in Congress, for he did nothing and
accomplished nothing. Under these circumstances he publishes
florid letters written to him by parties in the East, who represent
the socialistic ideas for which he stands, highly commending the
length of the speeches he made to the House in advocacy of certain
things in which his distant supporters are interested. We beg to
say in behalf of San Francisco that Mr. Livernash's constituency is
here and not in the District of Columbia or New Jersey. The in
terests he was elected to represent are the commercial and industrial
interests of San Francisco, not the communistic and other revolution
ary schemes of Eastern circles and seances of pseudo reformers.
San Francisco is not interested in the mental rainbows of Mr.
Livernash. When he rises before an audience and exclaims "Ah
Sirs," as the introduction of a rhapsody, the people of this city find
in what follows nothing that will promote enterprise, care for busi
ness, furnish employment and pay wages. If they want dreams they
can find them elsewhere. Some will choose those in Andrew Jack
son Davis' "Penetralia" in preference to the article furnished by Mr.
Livernash, and others will hunt for those figments of the mind in
the works of better dreamers than he ; but Congress is not a dream
factory. It is not a place for exploiting those creations of disturbed
digestion or uneasy sleep. It is an exceedingly practical body, in
which the Representatives of the people do something for their dis
tricts bv hard work.
THE present outlook is that California will give President Roose
velt a majority in excess of 50,000, and will send a solid Re
publican delegation to the House.
The two districts in which San Francisco, is interested were
at the beginning of the campaign regarded as debatable ground, but
it is believed that they are so no longer. The neglect of the inter
ests of this city by Mr. Livcrnash and Mr. Wynn is not forgotten
by our people/ Mr. Livernash is talking to the stars and the moon
and is uttering Utopian reveries about ideal conditions of society to
be had by act of Congress, and Mr. Wynn, lacking the imagination
of Mr. Livernash, is using a sort of chromo of the Livernash picture
to advance his own interests.
SEND A SOLID DELEGATION.
Miss Maude Payne will make her
debut at a tea to be given by her
mother, Mrs- J. Eugene Freeman, on
November 9. The home on Broadway
will be the scene of entertainment and
the affair will be brightened by the
presence of many pretty debutantes.
Miss Pearl Seeley of Los Angeles is
visiting Miss Jessie Fillmore. •
Captain Nelson of Washington, D.
G, promoter of the Jeannette rescue
party, is visiting at the home of Mr.
and Mrs. Theodore Hittell. Another
guest under this charming roof i3 Dr.
C. Hart Merrianv who is an expert on
Indian basketry and dean of the bio
logical department at Washington.
At 2:30 o'clock the wedding march
announced the approach of the bridal
procession, led by Miss Grace Nicholls,
Miss Allyce Wilkins, Miss Evelyn Nor
wood and Miss Edna Hamilton. Follow
ing, through an aisle composed of smi
lax streamers, came the bride with her
brother. Bayard Moulder, and the ma
tron of honor, Mrs. J. H. Covode. These
were met by the groom and his best
man, William Wood. Archbishop Rior
dan, assisted by Father Ramm, pro
nounced the marriage rites. <
The wedding gown of the bride was
of chiffon satin, duchesse and point
lace, with a veil of tulle. Her sister,
Mrs. Covode, wore pink silk and broad
cloth, while the bridesmaids were
gowned alike in white. About seventy
flve guests were bidden to the wedding.
Those who graced the bride's table
were Mr. and Mrs. Nicholls, Mrs. Co
vode, Miss Gertrude Buckley, Miss
Evelyn Norwood, Miss Grace Nicholls,
Miss Laura Hamilton, Miss Edna Ham
ilton, Miss Wilkins, Harry " Wilkins,
William Wood, Bayard Moulder, Robert
Porter, James Towne, Wllberforce Wil
liams and Mr. Tucker. After a wedding
trip through Southern California Mr.
and Mrs. Nicholls will reside on Wash
ington street, near Presidio avenue.
One of the most charming weddings
of the season took place yesterday,
when Miss Charlotte Moulder and
Charles Carter Nicholls were married
at the home of Mrs. Andrew J. Mould
er, Clay and Gough streets. The house
had been elaborately prepared for the
occasion, the color scheme being pink,
with the arrangement of flowers unusu
ally artistic. Hydrangeas, chrysanthe
mums and great ferns were banked in
the reception-room, where the ceremony
was performed. The shades deepened
in the dining-room, where cannas and
foliage of autumn hue were lavishly
distributed.
Mrs. Charles O. Alexander .will en
tertain at an informal tea in honor of
Miss Brewer, who is a bud of thl3
season.
Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann, al
though not fully recovered, la conva
lescing rapidly and will give her din
ner some time in November. It was
to have been this month, but Miss
Mann's illness indefinitely deferred
the affair.
Miss Meta Houghton will leave for
a European tour in the near future.
It is not long since her return from
the Orient and her friends are regret
ting another departure to follow so
soon. Miss Houghton is an intelligent
traveler and derives advantage as well
as pleasure from her sight-seeing.
Mrs. Mattie Griffith and Major Sam
uel W. Dunning have set their wed
ding dav for November 16. The af
fair will be very quiet. The place of
ceremony has not been decided upon,
but there are whispers of the Sweden
borgian church, which is so beautiful
and romantic for small weddings. .'
Miss Margaret Postlethwaite enter
tained at a large tea yesterday after
noon at her home on Paciflc avenue.
The two maids who received the es
pecial attention of their hostess were
Miss Rogers and Miss O'Brien. Many
others were present and those who
took active part In the delightful af
fair were Miss O'Brien, Miss Cecil
Rogers, Miss Ruth Allen, Miss Eliza
beth Allen, Miss Margaret Wilson.
Miss Marian Huntington, Miss Mela
nia Lancel. Miss Mae Gibson, Miss
Mabel Dodge, Miss Alys Chapman and
Miss Jessie Wright.
St. Paul's Episcopal Church on Cali
fornia street was the scene of a wed
ding last evening when Mis3 Eva Wes
ley Doyle, daughter of the late Captain
James A. Doyle, U. S. N.. plighted
her troth to Lieutenant Ira Austin
Smith, Nineteenth Infantry. The
church was prettily decorated with
palms and flags, the army colors pre
dominating. The bride was gowned in
white messaline silk and carried lilies
of the valley. There were no attend
ants. Rev. William Reilly performed
the marriage service. Lieutenant and
Mrs. Smith will live at Vancouver Bar
racks.
Miss Payne Is most attractive, her
beauty unusual, though a rightly held
Inheritance, for her mother. Mrs. Free
man, is one of society's handsome
women.
BY SALLY SH^RP-
THE N ATION 'S LEADERS. I
The new generation hangs another portrait in the gallery of American statesmen.
THE SMART SET
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHX I>. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL. COMMUNICATION'S TO
JOI1X McNAUGHT Manager
rCBLICATlOX OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
THURSDAY OCTOBER 27. 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1904.
8Captain Bash Wins Laflu Fair
BERTHA RUNKLE
QUIETLY WEDDED
McCARTWT'6 . BURNS ARE FATAL. —
Cbariec McCarthy died in St. Luke's Hospital
ye«erday morning of burns received a* few
'i.i vc exo while smcklr.c a pipe in bod at - 42
Chnd»-y «rt«t. McCarthy -waa • 65 years old
and a widower.
DEATH ; OF . VAN . CUUN .- JONES. — Van
Culln ; Jones," - formerly , a , writer for the press,
died in : the ; City, and County i Hospital • yester
day.; He had, been" found' unconscious- In his
room at 14 Jackson street and was removed to
the hospital. -:j -/• «,-•'- •
P. Marsicano, owner of the buildings
at 1129 Dupont street, was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Policeman
George Collins on a warrant 6 worn to
by Collins before Police Judge Cabaniss
charging him with renting the premises
for immoral purposes. He was released
on $500 bonds. Marsicano was convicted
of the same offense by Judge Cabaniss
on Monday and. fined $500, with the al
ternative of 123,days in the County Jail,
and an appeal was taken to the Supe
rior Court. It is the Intention - of ; the
police to arrest him every day .he con
tinues to \iolate the law.
Marslcano Again Arrested.
LINOTTPE MACHINI8T WANTED. — Th6
United States Civil Service Commission '. an
nounces examinations on November 14 for the
positions of Linotype I machinist and Monotype
machinist. Government ' Printing Office. • ¦ Age
20 years or over. Apply.; to the United States
Civil , Service Commission, ..Washington, D. -C;
or to. the secretary Board of Civil Service Ex
aminers, Postofflce. San Francisco. ¦
•.: "Have something" is good, hkve *" little /'Old
Gilt Edge : Whiskey", is better — puts the ' "right
edge" on?yonr hospitality. •' Wichman ' Lutsren
& Co.," 29-81 Battery, st.', S. F. . •
. The Board of Bank Commissioners
issued a ; license yesterday for the ' es
tablishment of the Redwood , 'City
Bank at the . town of . that name. The
new institution is capitalized at $25,
000, which is fully subscribed. :G.H.
Sneath has been elected ¦ president of
the bank, William' Hughes . vice presi
dent and Charles - Dugan i manager.
Issues License for . New Bank.
C. K. Mclntosh, James P. Brown and
George R. Baker, as. trustees of the es
tate of A. B. Costlgan, bankrupt,* filed
a suit ¦ In the United States District
Court yesterday against D. B. Fair
banks and the Petaluma Savings Bank.
The complaint alleges that Costigan in
May,' {1903, borrowed; $9000 ; from the
bank, named and, gave, his 'promissory
note therefor.^ in : order to secure the
note be delivered deeds to the bank for
certain; property at Clovis and Sanger
In Fresno County. It Is alleged also
that the deeds were not recorded until
September 21, 1904, two days after
Costigan had been adjudicated a bank
rupt.. - The ;¦ contention: is made that
the I failure i to record the deeds until
that date operated as a fraud upon the
other creditors, not knowing of
the existence of the deeds, extended
credit to the bankrupt. The complain
ants ask that the deeds be declared an
unlawful * ! preference ~ in favor V of ~ the
bank * as ' against the other.: creditors,
andthat the court should regard them
as mortgages. / *iV * v , .
The } matter ¦ was set down for hear
ing on: December; 5.. , ;.
File Suit to Have Deeds Declared
to Be'Mortfiraeres.
Trustees of Bankrupt A. B. Costiscan
PETAIiUJtfA BANK OF
SAYINGS IN COURT
THOMAS KING '¦¦ VINDICATED^— A Coron
er's Jury decided yesterday, that -Thomas v King
was -Wtinetl In . killing: .-John • Costello oniOcto
ber 23 by throwing a cobblestone at nun,', tne
missile BtrUclns Costello's abdomen. .
A committee of : property, owners- In
the Sunset District appeared before, the
board and asked that' the f; use- of red
rock be permitted' In the: paying of the
district bounded * by ' Eighth ; and iEIev
enth avenues \ and ; I Pj streets. -. The
committee 1 represented. that the red rock
was as good as ,: blue \ rock ? and > costs
much less.'. The board < asked ; the ? com-"
mittee to submit samples, of; their rock,
and if -their contention's correct its use
will be allowed. -^ '
The Board of Public Works decided
yesterday to make a final official in
spection of theaters on some day next
week to ascertain if the requirements
of the ordinance as to their safety have
been complied with. Action was taken
as the result of a petition filed by the
California Theater management for a
permit so that a license may be pro
cured from the Tax Collector. %
Some time ago the board furnished
each theater with a list of necessary
alterations to make them safe from
panic and fire. -
"Unless these requirements have been
complied with," 6aid Commissioner
Schmltz, "I am opposed to granting
any permit, as I do not want to as
sume any responsibility. I understand
that the California has complied with
our directions in every respect. How
ever, I think /this board- should again
Inspect all theaters to protect itself."
The complaint of the Merchants' As
sociation that signs are being main
tained at the outer edge of. sidewalks
In violation of an ordinance resulted
in the board sending a communication
to the association asking that it adopt
a resolution requesting its members to
aid in the enforcement of the ordinance
by removing any obstructions on side
walks they themselves may be main
taining in the shape of boxes, machin-.
ery and iron. The "board thought the
latter were greater obstructions than
signs, and desires the co-operation of
the merchants in clearing the side
walks.
The secretary, .was directed to sell
fifteen tons of old iron at the corpora
tion yard.
Office Deputy Donovan reported that
pursuant to instructions he had taken
up a spur track : on Second street, : be
tween Townsend and King, for .which
no permit had been obtained. ;
FHnn & Treacy were granted an ex
tension of forty, days to complete - the
paving of Dore street, between Bryant
and Brannan, and sixty days • to ';¦ pave
Twenty-third street, between Dolores
and Chattanooga. J. J. Dowllng was
allowed forty _days to repave Frederick
street, between Stanyan and Willard.
The application of the •-; City Street
Improvement Company to : repave. Clay
street, between .First avenue and' Cher
ry street, was denied, • as the .city would
be liable for $850 of the work and no
appropriation is available tp meet the
expense.
The board rescinded a permit granted
to j the San Francisco Laundry to . re
construct a stable bn Turk street, near
Fillmore, •because the; original plans
had been altered. Bfi&QSsfw&Pf
The board decided to rent three sani
tary cleaning, machines on. ¦trial- at $6
per day. Commissioner Casey, objected
to renting the machines "on the ; ground
that It would • be cheaper/ to - purchase
them . outright, but the ; owners refused
to sell. ,
A vaudeville entertainment . is to be
given at the Alhambra Theater to-night
for the benefit of St. Mary's (Paulist)
Church. /The programme prepared for
the occasion is an especially attractive
one and contains many specialties.
Noted theatrical "stars of the city, both
amateur and professional, have*volun
teered their services for the worthy
cause, and a splendid show Is expected:
Ben Dillon and Georgie O'Ramey of
Fischer's Theater will appear In Tone of
their popular sketches. Dominico Russo,
the noted tenor of the Tivoll, will ren
der a solo. Alfred Roncovleri, president
of the : Board of Education, is pro
grammed for a trombone solo, and Mls3
Etta O'Brien, the gifted contralto, will
sing a song. Eugene \ Marcellino,". vio
linist, of Paris will make ; his ' first ap
pearance in this city. Among others to
appear. are Mrs. Snider- Johnson; Fyne
and Dandy, comedy acrobats; j: Walsh
and Leigon and Keleher and O'Connor.
Frank J: Sullivan will be president of
the evening; S.' H. Friedlander of
Fischer's Theater, stage manager;-, and
Luke Connors of the Alcazar,? director.
St. . Mary's College orchestra will ren
der the music for the entertainment.
Splendid Programme Arranged for
Benefit In Aid of Old St.
Mary's Church.
TAIJENTED STARS WIIJD
VI ;¦ APPEAR FOR GOOD CAUSE
Board of Works Insists on
Compliance With Law Be
fore Issuing Any Permits
Friday morning— «:15 o'clock. Blhle study
Dr. Buckham; 8 o'clock, report* of delegates
to Kational Council; 9:45, address by Rev w
V. Patchell; 10:15. closing business; 11 o'clock"
adjournment. *
Thursday morning— «: 15 o'clock, Bible
study. Dr. Buckham; 8 o'clock, business; 9:15.
aanu&J business meeting: of the California
Home Missionary Society; 10 o'clock, "Present
Kconomic Conditions," Rer. J. H. Klrabsdl;
10:30, discussion; 11 o'clock. ••inHuence ot a
BuEln«i8 Man In the Church." Gilbert Dex
ter; 11:30. discussion; 12 o'clock, adjournment.
2 o'clock, devotional service. Rev. F H
Biinreas: 2:30. "Religion of a Business Man.'*
O. W. Dickie; 3 o'clock, discussion: 3-30 in
termiseion; 3:40. "Why Business Men Hold
Aloof From tie Church"; <a) "The View of
the Professional Man." J. N. Young; (b) "The
View of the Easiness Man." B. S Hayes*
4:20. discussion; & o'clock, adjournment • '
7:30 o'clock, praise service; 8 o'clock. "Mes
eese From the East." Rev. wmiam Harmon
Hopkine; "Glimpses of London Religious
Life," Rev. William Rader. «*"*•<«»
a committee to act on the appoint
ment. This matter provoked much ar
gument pro and con. It was finally
decided to appoint a committee of five
to canvass the churches and to raise
$600 for the payment in part of the
evangelist. Much routine work was
transacted.
The programme for to-day and to
morrow is as follows:
Convention That Their Spiritual
Welfare Is Neglected.
The neglected condition of the Cal
ifornia Indians was yesterday called to
the attention of the General Associa
tion of Congregational Ministers by
Mrs. Mary Haven Edwards. Their
spiritual welfare, she declared, had
been ignored by white Christians. In
teresting figures were quoted to show
¦what .the speaker turned "the abso
lute paganism" of a majority of the
Indians in the State.
The second day's session of the con
vention of the general association was
completed last evening. The princi
pal event of the day was the recom
mendation of the appointment of a
State evangelist and the selection of
Sirs. Edwards Tells Congregational
DECLARES CALIFORNIA
INDIAN'S ARE PAGANS
VV ILL INSPECT
ALL THEATERS
WELL KNOWN WRITER WHO YES
TERDAY BECAME THE WIFE OF
CAPTAIN LOUIS H. BASH.
The literary world couples Its In
terest with that of society in the nup
tials of Miss Bertha Runkle and Cap
tain Louis H. Bash, which took place
yesterday at nogn in the apartments
of the bride's mother, Mrs. Runkle, at
the Hotel Plymouth. Quiet and sim
plicity characterized the event that
¦was celebrated In the presence of only
a dozen friends. The bride wore an
esquisite gown of white lace and em
broidered crepe de chine. Immedi
ately after the ceremony the soldier
and his bride — fair as well as famous
¦ — left for a wedding journey that is to
be of a fortnight's duration. At the
end of the honeymoon they will re
turn to San Francisco, perhaps to be
located permanently, although Cap
tain Bash has not yet received orders.
Much pleasant entertainment awaits
the return of the soldier and his beau
tiful bride.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 26.— George Whit
tell, . the multi-millionaire, of; San
Francisco, ; arrived in St. Louis yes
terday to* see the World's Fair. With
his daughter, Miss Whittell, he is stop
ping, at the Jefferson Hotel.
George Whittell Jr., ..whqse romantic
matrimonial'' experience 1 was the. talk
of New .* York arid -' San Francisco for
weeks last summer, Is expected here
In a. few days to Join his father. With
hirn.; probably will be ; his young and
beautiful * wifej" who, . before lier mar
riage, was". Miss Montgomery, a chorus
girl in - Anna Held's : oompany. : They
returned f rom their European trip a
few weeks ago ancHt is presumed the
St. Louis meeting, will be one of
parental, forgiveness.
San Francisco Youth Will Present His
Bride". to His Father at the
World's Fair.
young; whittell- expects
» his father's blessing
POMEROY, Ohio, Oct. 26.— After in
vestigating; for a month, the Grand
Jury to-day indicted County Treasurer
Thomas JV Chase, charging the embez
zlement of ¦ $14,500 from. the. county
treasury, on y, September . 9/ when- he
claimed that the treasury was looted
by, masked robbers and himself | locked
in the. vault. "When Chase was brought
from the county treasury into the court
his .bond, was fixed at 510,000. As he
was unable to furnish bail he was re
manded to jail. •
. After Treasurer Chase was locked up
the Grand Jury rgsumed its investiga
tion. It is expected * that indictments
will j; be reported to-morrow against
thosi^who are charged with being con
federates and who locked Chase in the
vault,; where he .• was found: by his
daughter.'.*' As it is" generally known who
is; being for complicity.,
there is much excitement here "this
evening. - ¦'¦'.''>?¦*.:
I, Lam Tew Kuey of Pak Tsz Sher, situated
at the 6outh side of Tuk Chow, make this bill
of eale, selling forever our daughter far ' a
slave. Because of belnn short In i food • and
clothing and generally helpless, my wife -and
T, after consultation. . decided «we should sell
our own eldest daughter, called Chan Lau,
aped 10 years, being born in the tenth month,
twentieth day, 3:05 a. m., to be other people's
elave, receiving therefore 120 taels toward de
fraying the" cost oflbrlnging her up and other
exi*nses. The offer was first made to ' our
relative*, but they were not willing: to accept.
Then the go-between, ' Mrs. " Lam (nee Miss
Chew), brought the 'matter to the attention of
Chew Kuey Lunsr Tons for him, to purchase,
which was agreed upon by all parties con
cerned. Aa word cf month may not long be
depended upon, this bill of sale was drawn up
the eame day the transaction took place, .the
amount being paid in full, in the presence of
all concerned, directly *to me (Lam "Tew
Kuey) and my wife for our own use, not leav
ing one cent unpaid. .This waa for " our
daughter called Chan -Lau, who was the same
day handed over to Chew Kuey Lung Tong to
be called thereafter a slave.
In after days, when ehe shall be grown up.
Chew Kuey Lung Tong •¦hall have the trans
ferred right of giving her in marriage to
whomsoever he may desire. She shall not be
redeemed, nor shall any other claim be made
for her. If anything unforeseen should happen
to her it must be regarded as from heaven.
This girl Is truly the natural born daughter of
Lam Tew Kuey. No dowry has ever been
accepted for her nor earnest money from any
one and there Is no debt for which she may
be held. The price money is bona fide and
this bill is genuine. Should there be anything
not entirely cleared up, that shall be a nat
ter for myself and the go-between to • settle
and it shall not concern the purchaser. . .
With faith In each other, it Is not. necessary
t"> stae more, but lest hereafter there 'should
not be evidence this bill of sale in which my
daughter is forever sold as a slave Is drawn
up to be proof. . ' ' -'¦ ¦ • ;\ C- '*¦"¦¦':'¦¦
.This shall ,pe evidence of. the .fact that I
have received from Chew Kuey Lung Tong. th«
sum of 120 taels and of the fact that I, Lam
Lew Kuey, have sold my own . first born
daughter, called Chan Lau, for a slave. .
Go-between — Mrs. Lum (nee Miss Chew)—
mark by finger. . ' ..
Witness to paper— Mother (nee Miss Jung)—,
mark by finger. '¦ . --..'
Amanuensis — Lam Lok Kuey (Kinder Yet)—
mark by finger. .
A bill of sale acknowledging the trans
fer of a 10-year-old' girl* in China" by
her parents was j the feature yesterday
in the trial of the case wherein; It is
sought to remove J. J. Cunningham as
administrator of the estate of Chew
Bing Quoia, a wealthy^ Chinese 1 labor
contractor, who died last " yearv Cun
ningham was appointed at. the' request
of Lum Quoi, who claimed to be the
dead man's widow. " Chew Bing Quota's
kinsfolk oppose her pretended'relation
ship and* contend ' that the real widow
lives in China, while the bogus one
was only Quota's slave.*
Chew Kum Fong was examined again
yesterday. On Tuesday he Identified
the "three generations paper," ; a • red
document purporting' to be a part of
the wedding contract' with Low Shee.
Yesterday the same witness; identified
the bill of sale for a girl named Chan
Lau, who, he says, is the Lum' Quoi in
the case. Fong testified ithat .the de
parted contractor 'bought the" girl in
China and that she arrived here with
Ng Shee.. She was taken to rooms over
Sam Kee & Co.'s store and kept by
Quoia. -,-.,, '•-:' .
¦ The bill of sale covered a large sheet
of white tissue with Chinese charac
ters, and, as translated by Dr. Gardner
reads as follows:
BILL, OF SALE. '
The Associated Oil Company was
granted a permit to drive a tunnel un
der Mariposa/ street for an oil , pipe
line.-, v ¦ ,.. > . ¦ :„- • ¦;•-.-¦ ¦ .-¦;¦'¦••• /.-...._ -;;• ¦"
The committee considered the; pro
posed ordinance prohibiting the dis
tribution . of handbills and printed
matter in doorways. Protestants from
labor unions and: other organizations
agreed that an ordinance should be
passed to stop the delivery of immoral
literature, but they ; argued >. that the
proposed law would" prohibit the de
livery, of every kind, of i legitimate lit
erature.'.* The interested j parties were
requested to frame an ordinance . to
meet- the emergency "and the ; commit
tee . agreed to . recommend' its passage.
Th'e petiyon of Orinda . Parlor,- N.
D. G. W., to plant a memorial tree to
pioneer mothers in Golden Gate Park
was referred to the Park Commission.
L. H.- Whitley was granted a permit
to explode blasts along the, bay .shore
right of way of the Southern /Pacific
Company and also to lay temporary
tracks along Twenty-seventh avenue
South to H street South, thence to
Twenty-fifth avenue South. ..
¦Troy . produced figures supposed ¦ to
show ; that ; more ; people - are killed or
injured by street car accidents in this
city than anywhere else. Several.cit
izens testified to the good car service
in the Richmond /District, ; where
greater speed is desirable. ./
/Captain A. H. Payson appeared be
fore: the committee ¦ and urged" the
passage of an ordinance granting the
Santa Fe Railroad /Company, a fran
chise for a right of "way and the right
to operate a , railroad . on Indiana,
Mariposa, Seventh and- Sixteenth
streets. The committee postponed ac
tion until next Wednesday at 3 p. m.
to give protestants against a right of
way on Mariposa and Sixteenth streets
an opportunity to be heard..
DISCUSS HANDBUJjS. ; \ ¦
ACCIDENTS ARE FREQUENT.
Tirey L: Ford, attorney for the
United . Railroads, said it would be'un
vvise to limit the speed of the; cars, as
it would prevent the development of
the suburbs and either increase^ the
population in the center of the city
or drive, it across the bay. ; Fordl de
nied Troy's . assertion that the service
had been crippled and said ifis'abs'o
lutely impossible to prevent the over
crowding of cars.' Ford thought an
ordinance was needless,' as the • cars
move very . slowly, in : the downtown
district and the company had | no de
sire to run cars at a dangerous speed.
Braunhart suggested that .the 'ordi
nance fee 1 framed to i limit the speed
to -eight miles in' some districts and
fifteen- miles in others and the; com
mittee-agreed to prepare. such an or
dinance. : '.,'*¦'; :
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday decided ¦ to "recommend an
ordinance limiting .the > rate of speed
of street -cars to eight Smiles .an hour
in some districts and to fifteen miles
in others to be determined later.
Representatives of the Richmond
and Point Lobos Improvement I clubs
appeared in opposition to a. proposed
ordinance limiting the speed, of street
cars in the city limits to eight miles
an hour, as they desired a higher rate
of speed in the outlying districts. - E/
Troy suggested that ¦ cars ¦. t provided
with electric ' or air brakes ¦¦ be limited
to fifteen miles an hour: and -those
with hand brakes to ten miles on level
ground and eight miles; on : hilla.
Paper Is Tendered t o , Prove
That Lum Quoiiyas Other
Than Wife of Contractor
Law to Prevent Delivery
of Immoral Literature
Receives Consideration
Grand Jury Still Investi
gating and Other. Sensa
tional Arrests 'Expected
TO MODIFY ORDINANCE
SHORTAGE IS; $14,500
IS EVIDENCE IN COURT
Supervisors Favor Faster
Runs for Electric Cars
in the Outlying Districts
Chinese Document Tells Why
Parents Sold First Born
Daughter Into Bondage
Ohio County; treasurer 'iWhq
Said Masked Men Looted
Vaultls Indicted for Theft
SLAVE GIRL'S
BILL OF SALE
ALLEGED VICTIM
NOW ACCUSED
PL AN TO REACH
HAPPY MEDIUM
THE SAN FRANCISCO? . GALL, 'THTO^AyM^TOBER ' 27, 190£
9
To-Day
- On every^ purchase of $1.00 or over
There win be * < Somethiivg Doing"
To the amount of $1.00
FREE
Child's Dress. l AUover Laces.
We have just received a nam- These are the kind of Laces
ber of these little Dresses which that cover waists and make pret-
are made very stylishly of an all- ty yokes. They are 18 inches
woo, :^ e; ,fc hWc .drcuUV
yokes of small platd silk and are cream, vrhite and Arabian.-
large four-pointed reveres over They sell ordinarily for ¦_
the shoulders, trimmed with a $i.oo a»yard, but we / Jfl
fancy silk braid and small pearl have reduced them to | |JJj
buttons; there is a full blouse ,* " ***.*"* "
;waist and gored skirt. They are ColTlforterS. %
lined throughout; colors are red fhis 1S a great value in a Fig-
navy and brown, ft A^ ft n ur f d • f nkol !, n N e .?°. mf P r , t 1 cr . (b 9 th
w .i-o./; c- i V J DO sides figured); it is full size for
Worth $6.oo. Sale \ < M X doubIe bed a ' nd filled with pure
Price . ... WW1W ** white sanitary cotton, aj Jft
RlV^L- T^^«*-« fluffy and as soft as \ ill
Black Taffetas. •;; dow J n; the value ulilU
A 36-inch . Black Taffeta— a $1.50. Our price....
If^ggiiSi fi ffC ' Nightgowns.
is extraordinarily low. . WW M Women's Night Gowns, made
Yard of good, fast colored flannelette,
in a number of pretty combina-
Our 19-inch Guaranteed Black tion stripes; the collars, cuff 3
Taffeta, the kind that j p and yokes are trimmed with
has been in such excep- /L *1 P fanc y ¦ wash, braid; real n «
. , . . , ¦-• , ;TUU worth of these gown* U J f%
tional demand lately at. . \ W V is g 5c '. our price for Q J I.
the very, low price of.. Yard. to-day..
|"| ALWAYS RELI/VBliE
1250 MARKET ST.^U
.^^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUCTION n AUCTION
OF NEW- IMPORTED FAMOUS COLLECTION
TO-DAY (Thursday), OCT. 27IH, One We%at 2 PJ.
M.. B! Mihran- has gust returned 1 and: i this lliis' his /new, large ;
importations,; famous; for; beautiful;- antiques, v which i/f should not*be" ¦ ¦
.missed. 1 ; being ':'. seen, :vas*'they> have ibecornervery^ scarce.' l '~ ' ;
:- , -;. In. order.tO;extend.the^Rugi trade ianaVmake quick' sales ? the' en-
tire collection will be offered at Free Auction/ to-day. '
t The Oldest and 205 POST STREET /Reliable Rug House
Ou r Motto : Choice fugs, large ' assor tm en t. . quick sales. ; perfect 'satisfaction
GRAPE-XUTS.
Vs THE COST OF
MEAT
RICH CREAM WITH
Grape=Nuts
A Charming Dish.
G<?t the famous . little - book, ,"Tbe
lioad to Wellvllle,*' In each package.;,-
ADV^RTISEMEXTS.
[ G . DEPARTMENT
; M My son," said Mrs;/
Golden Gate, "remem*
/ ber 'that you are one of
. the Golden Gate family ;
that you represent 54
years' successful coffee
experience of J. A.
Foliier & Co.; that the
reputation of the largest
coffee house in the. West
is back of you.
'•Wherever you do a
royal welcome awaits
you."
Nothlnrf goes with GOLDEN GATE
>> COFFEE but aatisfaction. No r
prltes — uo coupons — no crockery. .
1 and 2 Ib. aroma-tldbt tins.
> Never sold in bulk.'
J. Av Folger <& Co.
Cstablial&ed H«lf a Century
; ; San Francisco
[THIS BLUE SIGNATURE
W " "H If -davji f^S
3EWARE OF 'JUST AS COOPS"
f- Perfect j Fitting rtjO
Eyeglasses Q
At Mocferate Cost
V64aV#^K^
Pxlnrp bori'T fail to
™ U *W' > beautiful
1 J COURTr Lounging
Jllffl v room, the EMPIRE
UUU i PARLOR;: the
• \'ii^?£'jri'i PALM ROOM/ the
iirsnd ¦¦-•" louis xv: par^
!****"" LOR,!and;thelLAi
H A^XlSV » DIES'? WRITING
||eak Men aDil^Women
s^HOULD.-USK'jDAMIANA' BITTERS.' THE
,v .Great /Mexican 'Remedy;' gtvea health -and
i A3rCSE3IENTS.
r ~~ — ~ ; ¦¦¦ ¦¦ - >- ¦¦ .— — — .«.
European andimerican Stars!
i The Three Dmnondi ; Sullivan and . Pas-
anelena; ¦ Harvey Comedy Company;
- Owley and Randall, and Orohenm Mo-
tion Pictures. Sho wins "The Moon-
¦nlners."
last Times of Lewis McCord and Com-
- pany; Teohow's Cats; Sinon and Paris,
and Josephine SeWltt.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c, 23c
and 50c.
G R ANJD SoS§e
MATINEE ; 8 ATURD AT.
,, : v > . LAST,jTHREE,.NiGHTS.
ARIZONA
Beginning Next Sunday Matinee,
JANE CORCORAN
Supported toy ANDREW ROBSON '
in PRETTY PEGGY
, POPULAR PRICES.
AAI I IBflni A .SAN FRANCISCO'S
5* U LU iWlJtS! A LEADING THEA,£
LAST 4 NIGHTS— Mat Sat.
John C. Fieher Presents,- br
Arrangement- with the . Aueustln Daly Estate,
.The Brilliant Musical Comedy Success,
SAN TOY
With JAMX3 T. POWERS.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY,
ISADORERUSH
In the Farcical Comedy Success,
GLITTERING GLORIA
SEATS HOW BEAST.' ' *
r-CAtlFORNIA-N
¦ .TO-NIGHT — The tonnlest of them all.
Mason and Mason
As the Burglar and the Detective.
In Mark E. Swan's Latest Musical Com-
edy ' Success,
Fritz and Snitz
NEXT SUNDAT— MATINEE— HA VER-
LY 1 8 MINSTRELS, with " Billy . Van, "the
Assassin of Sorrow," and' a host . of ' other
big features. -Positively the greatest min-
strel organization In . existence. -. - ' .. '^
\ -¦-, H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
, All, THIS WEEX.
Oliver Mordsco > often that charming play by
¦-' .: :L~-- ¦ .: -H. V. Esmond. .
A¥HENWEWERE^
TxyEivrry^oNE
;' Presented ' by '• such stars , as Howard Gould,
Amelia \ Gardner, - Elsie Esmond, Frank Mac.
Vicars, i Geonte Woodward. Harry Mestayer,
Joseph* Callahan.' Harry Stockbridxe - and th«
others. %ilM* MililiWTlliTH 'jWlilBWmWMUhsMUajg
25c— TO-DAY'S '- BARGAIN MATINEE— 23c.
- MOKPAT-HiMLET. '
30SCEIJLANEOUS AMTJSE3£ENTS.
K10CEINSJMM
LYRIC HALL. ; 119 j Eddy street.
NEXT SATU«DAY;MATINEE. \
RESERVED SEATS — : ONE DOLLAR, at
*-'.-~*. ¦.-¦--.-,:.. .LYRIC HALL. /T {
BASEBALL.
OAKLAND vs TACOMAi
AWOTHEH • GREAT SEEIES.
:AT. RECREATION. PAHK. -
-. ¦: .Eighth and Harrison Streets • ¦
TO-DAY » and "alii WEEK rDAYS...;J.3 p. m
SUNDAY .T. .-. '.-, . . . 2:38 p. m. . '
LADIES-FREE THURSDAY AND -FRIDAY.'
Ar)v»nra Ra.l« i of ; Seats ' at ; 5 Stnrktnn ; Stro-t
AMUSEaafrrrs. j /.
AT »T* A T A T* fiasco A Mayer..
• General Maoaser.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THI9 WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND" SUNDAT.
H. V. Esmond's Delightful Comedy.
THE
WILDERNESS
PICTURESQUE SCENERY I
6PARKUNO WIT!
ELEGANT COSTUME3!
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION t
Evgs. S5c to 73c; Mats. Sat. and Sun., 25c to 5<V>
October 31— "DRUSA WATNE."
OJ 5 Iw B HaMfl MAY EH
¦mm bi Is I fl aZrifr&Kt props .
Market st., near Eighth. Phone South 353. ¦
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THI3 WEEK. ' K
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Moat Gorgeous Production of Steele Mackaye's
thrilllnjE drama of the "Heisn ot Terror."
PAUL KAUVAR
With the popular favorite, Herschel MayaU.
In the tlUe role.
- Marvelous mechanical effect*.
The rulUotlna and the headsman. !
Explosion and burning of city.
Next Week — "THE WORST WOMAN IN
LONDON." i
OPERAf 1 YOU HOUSE
Enormous Success of the Flm Production
In English of the Famous Comic Opera.*
Her Rastelbinfler
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEXT MOST- The London and New York
DATmOZT Musical Comedy Triumph.
THE MESSENGER BOY
USUAL TTVOLI PRICES .... 25c. 80c. T3c
Hlarh-Class Specialties Every Afteruooa'
and Evenin? la the Theater.
TO-NIGHT--- . v
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding; With— — • '-. ; ;
...NEW LIVING PICTURES..-
Take a Ride on the MINrATURE ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
SEVEN BABY LIONS 121 THE BOO.
ADMISSION....... 10c J CHILDREN.... r...5tf
When Phoning Ask for. The Chutes.
anSCELLAXEOUS.
A Hi' iWJ
Who are ambitious to look well wanV
their linen and other • belonsrlngu
which must needs go through the
.waah**brought" back to them looking
as they did " when flrat bought. Easy'
explanation ot the fact that .men ot.'
taste and experience send their laun-
dry t orders solely to the " ? .
UNITH) STATES LAUNDDY^
. 1004 MA 3HTBT ; ST3CBET.
j Telephone Soath 430.
Weekly Call $1 per YearTHEV SAN- ¦ FRANGISGO^GALIJ, THURSDAY^ OCTOBER 27; 1904!
10
THB^CAMi
JOIIX D. SPKECKELS. .. .Proprietor
Address Communications to
3O1TN' McyACGHT. . . . .... .Manager
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Opcratcr W1U Con-
tect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office.... Market and Third. S. F,
Editorial Rooms. 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers 20 Cts-Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. S'.njle Copies C Cts.
Terras fcy Mail. Including Postage (Cash Wltn
DAILY CALL (includ.** Sunday). 1 T ear...$Sfj0
DAILY CALL cnclufi. £unduy>. 6 mop... 4 00
DAILY CALL— Dy fiing-le Month »<j
BUN DAT CALL. 1 Tear 2.!W
WEEKLY CALU 1 Year - 1 -™
FOREIGN lgS&;?g5f?SfS:
POSTAGE. J Weekly! i.OO Per Year Extra
aiJL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRDTTIONS.
fjr-p> Copies wiU be forwarded when re-
Quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change ef Jj£i
Crtrt should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in crder to insure a
prompt &nd correct compliance with their rs-
SBCSt.
OATO^AND OFFICE:
M16 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BEREELEY OFFICE:
CHS Center Btreet. 1 ; Telephone North TT
TTAEHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAIIUEL Wi WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 81
Union Struare; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenu*
lictel and HcCxnan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.:
EbernsaE Houf>e: P. O. News Co.* Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House: Auoltortum
Hctel; Palmer House.*
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marcuette Building.
CLong Distance Telephone. "CentrU 2618.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
fTTEPHEN a SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT.
C C CARLTON Herald Saoare
BUSINESS OFFICE ef the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets.: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year. *
BRANCH OFFICES:
100? Market etreet opposite Fifth: open until
11 p. m.
t27 Montgomery «treet comer Clay: open until
8:30 p. m. •
COO Hayes street; open nntll 9:30 p. ra.
(39 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
15»41 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
I0« Eleventh etreet: open until » p. m.
1CS6 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Chtrch and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. ra.
5200 Fillmore street; cpen nntll 9 p. m.
MEETCTG NOTICES.
A STATED meeting of the A. and A.,
Scottish Rite, will be held in Masonic Jr
Temple THURSDAY EVENING. Oct. **
27. U>04, at 8 o'clock, tor the tran«ac- J2>4
tion cf business and the reception of >— *r
petitions in the following bodies: Yerba
Buena Lodge of Perfection No. 1; Yerba
Burna Chapter Rose Croix No. 1; Godfrey
<3e £t. Omar Council No. 1; San Francisco
Ccntistory No 1. By order of the Master.
HENRY BURNER, Registrar.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— R
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) VV
EVENING, 7 :'M o'clock. M. M. degree. f>f\
By order cf the H. P.
J.VO. R. UILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. O '
M.. -nill meet THIS (THURSDAY) YY
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- /VA
pree. KRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
LA PARFAITE Union Lodge No. 17. m
F. and A. M.— Called meeting FRI- vV
DAY EVENING, October 28. 1D04. at /VS
8 o'clock. Firft degree. By order of
the W. M.
T. T. JULLIEN. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. o
M. — Special meeting THIS (THURS-Vy
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock.
Third degree. Master Masons cordially
Invited. By crder of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— B
Third degree THIS (THURSDAY) "VVf
EVENING, 8 o'clock. Master Masons /V\
cordially invited. By order of the
Ma«ter. J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
GOLDEN WEST Lodge No. 322.
I. O. O. F.— Initiation THlS^d9gg^
(THURSDAY) EVENING, Octo- * L -?%&8&y
ber 27; two candidates. 4S»iF*^
W T . H. REQET.U N. G.
REGULAR meeting of San Fran-
cisco Cabinet, ¦ National Union. sgetn**.
THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- /Sa8*2\
ING. October U7, S o'clock, AAtfSw-J
Western Hall, fhirls building V&sffffJ
SZ OFarrell street
H. W. MA AS, President
ED. DILLON JR.. Secretary. ' '
THE Ban Franci*eo Scottish Thirtle v «!?¦>«.
, Club meets <THIS < THURSDAY) 3S (Zj/j
E\'ENING in Fraternity Hall. 32 >V*vX2*
O'Farrell et. at H o'clock. Smoker N *=i3 i st
folJows. Tickets for Halloween entertain-
ment and dance.
GEO. W. PATERSON. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
THE Servian Benevolent Society
holds its regular meetings -^ 4
M-ery second and last THURS- *^ yft
DAY of - the month- -at 102 \f~\fei&
O'Farrell «. at 7:30 p. m. »4t?K
JOHN A. L3UBIBHATICH. . liai^Wi
President 1Ib&to«
V. RADOJEVICH. Secretary. iXfcJfi
THE German, General Benevolent Society —
Quarterly meetlnir FRIDAYv October 28. at S
©'clock p. m.. at Unlon-iujuare Hall. 421 Post
Bt. Election of notninatlng committee.
HENRY EPSTEIN. President
CARL JANTZEN. S*cr«>tary.
AGE1TTS WAITTE3.
AGENTS — AT!=o demonstrators (preferably phy-
sician or physical culturist). wide awake, in-
telligent men and women to sell a portable
snccharJeai hand \ibrator, whicji is a physi-
c«l cultnrt- exerciser, exhilaratur and wonder-
ful curative agent; the marvel of the age;
TK-eded by e%*ery one; rapid wVIler; salary and
commission. Write cr call 9 to 9, VACUUM
APPLIANCE CO.. 6 O'Farrell et.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that la
. a decided Improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. . Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
INK.LE5S fountain: 7*nt; sample 15c: dozen
gl 50; :eta:is 25o. F1ET "> CO.. 119 Bugh at.
ATTORinrrS-AT-I^AW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce is 6car at $12 and
is no Kood: lor 22 years I've made divorces
a epeclsuy; <]ulck; quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce is granted; -perfectly
reliable; lowest ftee; advice free; coJIec-
tiona made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market et
¦W. MATTHEWS. COT Market at— Consultation
free, private and- confidential ; no advance
fees; busings* prorrptly arid legally transact-
ed: collections, mechanics" Hens, tenants
ejected: probate; leans on real eztate; safe,
sound investments at highest rate cf Interest
B| W. KlNG..Attorney-at-Lew, Exam. bldg..
Rth'fiocr; entrance rocra : 611; : established 28
.i years: all ccmrte, general court and -of flee
. practice; no fee* In advance cr for consulta-
. ticn; ereaings by appointment Tel. Red 3G01.
AA— Divorce; costs $12;qulck,qu!et;advicefree:
elt l«w tuFin'5.«; no cfiargn unless ruccess-
fuj; open evealngs.. 927 -Market «t. room 301.
ADVICE free ; divorce ' costs $I2r no ¦ fees or
costs In advance; as} law business; office
open Saturday evenings. El g Market st.r.83.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $li; quick, quiet;
< all law buslnesc; so charsre ¦ unless success-
fd ; open evenings. ;• 027 Market, room ¦ 204.
I*.-6. CLARK. 027 Market room 304: consulta-
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The .Weekly CalL
.16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. «1 per year.
ASTH&IA CTTBE. . .
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly
JOc, 25c SOc. 1C02 Market St Nicholas;
also Wlfhart 10th and Washington. Oakland.
ASTROLOGY.
ZOBEIPE. astrologer: rwj'chle, occult and as-
• trolcrlcal readings. 9 Mason sVT rooms s 1-2. - ,
soAsagQ fob caiLPEBg. .
TTAKTED— To board a child. ;. 1042 Larkln Bt'
SVXNTKD-^-A child: to board.' Apply 22C0 Mis-
EMPJiOYMIINT WAJTTIIP— fttnalt" C<m
ACCOMPLISHED ¦ young lady pianist- and
. harpist desires position In orcheatra; thor-
oughly qualified in music; expert performer.
Box :^64. Call office.
WANTED— A f position as stenographer; three
years' experience; best of references. - Box
3JT71. Call" office. v
EXPERIENCED business woman wants posi-
tion with responsible house; Inside or out-
sidg work. Box 3730. Call.
! A COMPETENT woman, first-class cook; city
' reference. Box ; 38S9, Call office. • -
NURSE wants care of invalid by the. month.
Box 8928. Call, of flee. ' .— - -*¦ .
NEAT colored girl; waitress or general house-
work; city references. 2014 Flllmore st
A CAPABLE woman wishes cooking and some
work: $25-$30, carfare. Box 3605. Call offlc?-
LADY will go out by the day to -cook or do
- washing at home. ' Cali 1074 Clay st
SEAMSTRESS wants work by the day. Box
8939, CaU Office. .--;-'. ,'-• -,'• " . ¦ ¦
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes aituatlqn: city, or
:• country. 644 Minna' st . -. '
JAPANESE ¦ honest girl wishes to ' do- hottse-
work and help cooking in small family;
small wages. - 1406 Paclflo ave. • ¦ ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at I
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and nibscrjptions taken for Th* ,
Call at Eaton'a Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMTLOYMEKT WASTCT — MALI.
RELIABLE man, thoroughly experienced in
wholesale and retail wine and liquor busi-
ness, cellar and store, wishes position. Ad-
dress box 3804, Call office. ¦
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk In grocery store and bar-
room; good references. W. BOHLING, 417
Kearny • st •
RELIABLE' man. thoroughly experienced In
wholesale and retail wine and liquor busi-
ness, .cellar and store, wishes position. Ad-
dreas box 3S04. Call office.
GERMAN man who understands farming wishes
wcrk around Pleasanton.' Healdsburg or Wat-
sonvllle. Address "box 3C56, Call office.
YOUNG 'man who worked 4 years in hardware
store in Germany would like to have a posi-
tion in the same business. 123 Sutter st'
WANTED — Positions; man and wife ¦ want
work In hotel, city -or country. 'Address 232
Minna st ¦ '
COACHMAN or man about place: understands
gardening, milking: handy, with tools; best
¦references. . Box 3765. Call.
YOUNG. man wishes position as porter in hotel
y or any kind of work; wages no object Ad-
dress box 1476. Call of flee, ¦ Oakland.
AN experienced shipping clerk wishes position
. In small wholesale house. . Box 3658, Call.
A :. GOOD upholsterer and carpet . layer will
work by the day or piece. Box 3614. Call.
GARDENER and florist (German) wishes posi-
tion; 20 years', experience. Box S654, Call.
UPHOLSTERER wants work; Al; city- or out
- of town. Box 3613, Call office.
A SITUATION wan^d to take care of private
place* by a .trustworthy man; understands
gardening, milking:. < handy with tools; good
horseman and driver; first-class references.
I Box 3705. Call office. - *
EXPERIENCED and competent bookkeeper
seeks position In the country, preferably with
a mining company; age 27 years; references
submitted and bond furnished If necessary.
Box 3733. Call office.- . - '
A YOUNG - man,- who thoroughly understands
mechanical drawing desires a position as
draftsman's assistant or tracer. Address
box 3982. Call office. ¦ .' ¦
ENGINEER— Wanted, position by stationary
engineer; " can ' handle electrical machinery
and do own repairs; good references.- Box
39&0. Call office.
SOBER, steady roan; -light Janitor or porter
• work:' experienced; housework ' and general
cleaning; city preferred. Box 1473, Call of-
fice. Oakland. ' ¦¦ -.
PLUMBER, Independent and licensed, wants
¦ . work . by the day or. week from property-
. ¦¦ owner: -has ' all ¦ neceasary shop tools;, j 'Box
"3»fi2. Call office. '.. . , . .' :;- ;
YOUNG Hawaiian gentleman wishes position
, . In ' photc graph gallery; has had : four years'
experience; good all around man. Box 3973,
Call office. .-;,.",
YOUNG man, well educated, accurate and re-
liable, experienced In business and bookkeep-
ing, wants position; references. Box 3931.
Call rfflce. / .
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation around
private -place; good on horses; fair gardener;
r cood . driver . and handy with tools. -H. B.,
613 Montgomery.
YOUNG Eastern man wishes position to work
. mornings and evenings for board and lodg-
ing, as he is desirous of attending colleg»
during the day. ;Box 4394, Call ¦ of flee. ; s
BRIGHT. Intelligent, handy young man. speaks
German and English, desires position as por-
ter, lunch man . or any kind of work. Box
... 3672,. Call office.
YOUNG man. and wife want positions; man
/ first-class coachman. , do gardening If re-
quired; wife a good cook or -second work;
- references. . Box 3720, Call office. -
YOUNG honest gentleman wants to work for
family where he can make use of his tech-
nical education; college graduate. Box 4334.
Call office.' ,
YOUNG- man. well recommended, with high
- school education, experienced * clerk, desires
•position as clerk, secretary or stenographer.
Box 3S2C. Call. , ' .
A' YOUNG man would Ilka a steady place In
country as -bartender or wait at table: best
of references. < Address R. E.. 125 Linden
«t. Oakland. ': ¦ . .^ *
CHANCE front line battle ¦ of life to work for
reputation; moderate salary;.- good! penman;
v business man; total abstainer; 28; must have
work or go under. . Box 3432. Call office.
.YOUNG man. -. bookkeeper . and ' ' stenographer,
:. wishes , position as talesman ot gents' - fur-
nishing goods. Address C. C P., 2820 Six-
teenth st. city. ". ¦ .
COMPETENT - ¦ and - experienced accountant
. wants , sets of books to keep. . opening and
closing books.'- experting '. accounts.' etc * Box
2263. Call office. -
POSITION wanted by an all-around engineer,
'electrician and machinist; long experience in
mining; has tools; temperate. L. J.- DOW,
' Folsom, • Cal. ... ¦ V
INTELLIGENT middle-aged German, only
few days In . country.' desires any kind of re-
' spec table work.' Address box 3893,- Call. ;
YOUNG : man,. good worker, steady and rell-
•'. , able,' anything In clerical ¦ line.' Box 3893,
Call office, u ...
WANTED— Position . as collector or solicitor;
¦ will; furnish horse and : buggy. Box 3032,
Call office. ¦•--'.- - '•-. ¦
CARPENTER, reliable,- non-union. Just set--
: tllni ' here, . wants work by the . Job, day ' or
. month. '. Box 3S87, Call office. ' '
BRIGHT and -intelligent , young man wants; a
position as a schoolboy in good family. 212T
Center st, IBerkeley, - Cal.
YOUNG man wants position. : either salesman,
collector, traveler; best of ¦ references. ' Box
3838, Call office. .. ,
SITUATION by a* woodworking machine hand,
'-. rip . and cutoff saws., and ' planer and • sander
¦J. man.*.. Address W. ; M.* 53C Third st "
YOUNG i man twants position . as candy maker
f'.in small retail* store: country preferred. Box
3833. Call, of flee. / * : > ,' v ... ,
YOUNG man wishes position as night clerk la
" cigar store; best' of -references. Address S
... M., 152$; O'Farrell st
POSITION, by, young man' 22 years old, where
there is good, chance to advance; salary no
.. ' object Address - box ; 4350." Call : office. «•
BARBER of 2^ years', experience wishes a po-
• fit Ion in r- a s country h shop ; .. strictly sober
->. Address J. M.' F.;: 14 Salmon st. , S. F. '
POSITION .by married ": man.i. no children, as'
; ¦ • foreman ; on ¦ cow ; ranch. • Address - box 3714.
;- Call ojf flee. --..'• ...:"_¦ | . ' - .
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper : wants " position;
.-¦• city references.-, Box'38S8.' Call • office.
jYOUNG colored," man 1 wishes > position as valet*
•;•¦ can shave * and massage. ; Box 3984. CaU. - ,' :
YOUNG man. wants steady Job;: Is good 'barber ¦
4 years', experience. 1413 Kentucky, at" . '
¦NON-UNION : carpenter" wants f steady .' work • In'
v ; :art institution., Box;3927.\ Call office.;
A TRAINED nurse (ma» ' wi II ' give service for
'¦ i passage toEngland.* . Box3834, Call office.
FIRST-CL'ASS cook wants ' work- by. the da-r-
"¦ .: best of ¦ references. -^ Box . 4319. « Call office. '¦'
"reliable grocery; clerk wishes do
; ; altlon In , email • store. > Box .4312. Call of flee.
¦WANTED-^PosntroiTas stableman; young man-
i understands care. cf horses. \T. A.'p.. w^th.'
.1 '-'¦'-_': SFIRITTTAUSM. V *; :: y.
MRS. BURR (formerly Anthony), medium, re-
moved . to 32 Ritch • at, . off Folsom. , bet
and {fourth.:, *. - . : --¦¦;' ; ..'•".•'.. ¦
ARRIVED from ¦ New, York, . Prof ,~ Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychic 'for slate writing, elalr*'
voyance. Office. ,1112 Eddy. % Phone 'Scott 8S7.
C.'V. MILLER'S. Mother Sadie's seance to-
, night. 8 o'clock; $1. j 10S4 Bush.st. . V
A— MRS. J. .J; WHITNEY, bus. medium and
r life reader. , 120e Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S • test circle to-night, lCc. 619
McAllister;; readings, dally; .come, skeptics.
MRS. LESTER. : clairvoyant medium and life
' reader; cir. ev.- evg/ 10c; read, dally. 43 6th.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 306 Larkin.
¦[. room : 49: readings 1 • to 5: tel. South 81».
COMPRESSED . Air ¦ and Vacuum Process used
..for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
; -carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
, air at ¦ shop; ' prices . moderate -• ¦ S. F. Com-
| pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market st. ;
' phones Main 152 and Bush 479. -.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
:: ing. works. 355-357 Tehama at. Tel: South 40."
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
' rison st. ;;A1. cleaning, 3c. FRED : HAQE-
PORN & CO. : phone Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior . Carpet BeaUng Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 120. .-.¦
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st-rFlrst-class
carpet cleaning, 3o yard. Tel. Mission ¦ 74. '-
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props, i
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
5 : reasonable. - 1703 Harrison at. ; tel; Mission 263
CLOTH!!? Q BEWOYATINQ. > .
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. v Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 4ID;
;• Phone; Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for .$4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific I Collection Co., I 415
Montgomery st. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DEHTTISTS^^ I ____^^ j
A: NEW plate— The Whalebone — Cannot break;
-. warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; fillings,. 5Oc:
plates $5; 'full set; all work painless 'and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when ; plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from; $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas. given.
PARIS. Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Busri —
Set-teeth. $150 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings. 25c
GOLD fillings, .75c; silver, 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr. A.C.Hewitt,204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. r.l4.1st
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. ' WALSH has moved from Geary st
'.to corner Sutter and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New ¦ York den-
. tists. .' Dr. Perkins, Mgr., 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
33BESSMAKEBS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
¦ Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating.' Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
• supplies best help promptly; city or country. •
S. IMURA. 830, Sacramento. Tel. James 6231.
' A— ORPHEUM I Employment Office— Japanese-
i Chinese help. 426 Powell st; tel. Main C752.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
- best help. Fritz Tamagakl,mgr.,teLBush 859.
RELIABLE Japaneee-Chinese Employment Of-
fice-all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab".'2O years.
' Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A. CO.. 640 Clay.-
EMPLOYJIEHT WAMTED— rEMALS^
DRESSMAKER and designer; cutting and fit-'
ting ladies' \ tailored "'Suits;; only : first-class
, work done; ' a few : more '¦ engagements - per
day In families. MISS BARSS, Sherman
House, 28 Eighth st : '
' A COMPETENT cook would like to do down-
. stairs work* and small washing or , general
housework in : an American - family; wages
$25 $30. 2222 Post at
A •' WOMAN with a child, good . cook, wants
: .work, country. 324 Mason at; phone Black
...;2306.- .-:-.-"- :' : --_ '¦".-¦ ¦- ¦¦:¦- .--.. . ¦¦ ¦ - ¦¦;
RELIABLE woman wants cooking and down-
stalra^ork or light housework; ¦ carfare. ' 16
'•' Myrtle ave.. off _ Larkin at, - near ' Geary.'
WANTED— Work In country; not too far; un-
derstands '¦: cooking on - ranch; ; wages $30.
Call 237 Minna st... bet. Third 'and Fourth.
A - WAITRESS, - experienced, wants, position,
city or country. 324 Mason st; phone Black
2396. ......^ :.¦'.: ¦.'- -- / ; ,'- .; : ¦- .- -
A GERMAN girl 19 years old wants situation
for housework, particularly as nurse girl for
;''. children 2 to 8 years old; has musical educa-
tion, but dops» not' speak :. English. Address
-.¦box '3030, Call office. ¦¦ ;. •--..-.-.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
..: finements or Invalids;- cheerful and painstak-
lng;< references: , moderate -terms. MRS.
KING, 1159;. Turk st- . . . . . .
'AMERICAN, : good worker, with first-class ref-
'-'. erences, .wants '-washing, ironing,- -window
.and house cleaning 'by the day. or half day.
s . Box ,4207,:, Call office. '¦.,¦¦
FRENCH couple want situations; wife capable
!»¦. "to tench • French or housework . and - husband
generally . useful all ¦ around ; best : of refer-
, ences; , city '.or; country. . Box . 4301.- Call.. ; V
CURTAINS r; neatly • laundered, ", ooc • up; a work
called for and delivered. 23 Dore st., between
"Ninth,, and .Tenth, -Howard and Folsom;
. phone 022. * . ..V: ¦•;¦.;;. . ; : W*.
NICE^>appearing . young lady, ¦'. highest . ref er-
• . ences/. wishes a position a.i reception" lady
¦ ; In' photographer's; small salary --to start'
Address box. 43S5. . Call office. ' "
RESPECTABLE Russian glrr wishes to do
-. general: housework, either first or second; no
vcookincv-* Please, apply, 24; Freelon st. : ¦ *
WANTED— By young , girl, ' position \ In . dry
: goods store; no experience; small salary. '• H '
-M.i-362 Third st. , .....-¦- . , .. ; .
YOUNG, woman .wants 'position; : good plain
• cook ;, do wnstalrs work ; $30.- , Box ; SS36, CaU
'/¦ otnx. : ¦:¦:.;. >¦:¦. ¦'•.;!•; .- ".• _.- :.-¦; ¦•; ;;,-;/ ¦¦ ¦-' ¦ ¦¦
EXPERIENCED ; nursegirl .wishes ': position . to
,' ; take charge r of one or two children. Address
;i box '3441.; Call; office, jj '":,.',
.WANTED— A* position' as ; housekeeper In hotel
. f. cr ¦ rcomlng-house: : city or : country. : : Address
* MRS. J.J., box .4270,* Call office/. - -
: SEAMSTRESS, " hairdresser r and manlcurer
wishes position as maid and do upstairs
'.¦-' .work. . Box ;430S. Call cl flee; ' '. ;
•YOUNG f. woman '¦ would " like to ? have washing
- and mending to take. home. Minna
'¦ --¦ st. .near Eighth. ". .;"•'¦ - ¦'¦ ¦¦ .; - - .
.I i — : ' ' • --
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes Lwork by
> the , day '¦ at ' parties.-; etc. . * S33A Jackson . at •
i J phone .Davis 257.,. .. ', -. :-,.- .."*-";;
COMPETENT >• stenographer "desires position;
.:» four years'- 1 experience; salary $-10 per month.'
'.¦H Box { 4274.^ Call office^-' . ¦¦¦-,; , -
WOMAN wants work of any kind by the day
. > $1 60 day, > from * 8 ' to -..- 6,- or - $1 ; from 8 ' to
:U:30. i ;737%:Howard st.;. v - ( v
"A i YOUNG 'woman -Swishes', a ; situation at gen-
*¦ v eral ':•. housework." -¦* laundress • or j cook ; * city ¦ or
i,' country. V~Applyj23H Sixth. st'.-city.'V
-WOMAN t wants work • by ! the day. Iwashlng or
r;-housecleanlng; ! :$l 50 '.and '¦ carfare." - MRS
115 Hayci st '
'AJOUNG woman wishesito do general' house-
i i\work '. In a: small ", family,- and s small <¦ washlng-
j..i would live across .the ¦ bay. -, 258% Tehama -, st
1 GOVERNESS."' well : educated, 'speaks German
v« good , pi anist, t beat : of • references to character*
: *4 wants < a i situation. Box ; 2940,-; Call j of flee, i, '¦
f Ai GOOD 1 lauhdresa ¦ wishes* permanent place for
. fi Monday." .Wednesday, - Friday ; $1 ; 50 and ear-
;>i fare.! Phone Black 4641 ; ; V -. , "
'A r LADY-edesirlng ; a fqulet • home -. would like a
¦ : % position ; : as ; housekeeper ¦ for >• refined gentle-
t .;man.y: ; Box '3S29.- Call- office;^ -;.-:.-.•;";
AN 'experienced ' dressmaker '¦? by ; the - ' day
' cloaks,' suits i of 'all ¦ kinds; ,'¦ deslcninr ¦ = Ro-r
; V 30, , 305; Larkin- at VV( v^ ; ¦'.; *V'
W ANTEDi-By * middle-aged :; lady, •"''«, ' position
; J.i as 5 working , housekeeper ; or - care -" of ' invalid
KApply,318V^ Clementina at; \, ¦.;. " lnvana -.
I woman i with: a 1 baby:would like to
i }i work In small .family ; reasonable . wages " Ad-
4.'Jdress;D70,Harrison-.st'iS^>:,- ;. , - -¦ -..<!-- -
fA;'JAPANESE, lady ;"wants T a" situation as cook'
,o and ''. housework. ;. Address . MRS. - MAS AKI -
; i\18tLewisjplace^:-v1/: ;¦; ..,.;. ;.• ;-.-, .;. ¦;•. ¦ .,., \
JArANESE." first-class family. laundress.i wants
i^aEg^oj^^^^nty.^rd>LvJ
riODGIlTG-HOTiBES rOB - SAU— Con.
A— CAMERON & , CO., ' Phone South : 1050.
• '¦ 1 3 j Eddy st.', '; cor.', Market and- Powell. .
Headquarters for ' Rooming Houses,' Hotels and
•¦;- .'AU"Kinds "of. Business Chances. ¦ ¦ "::
ISO- rooms; grand, • new. " modern apartrnent-
' house; .elegantly.' furnished ' and •: equipped;
.; cheap, rent; -fine Mease; paying $500 to $600
.;-,. per. month;.: close » in: --full •¦ of nice people;'
bargain ¦*. if . ' taken ¦ at ' once; dissolution - of
partnershipA i - ;. - t ' .-¦ *-
9-room /flat; "rent only -?30; water' free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must eell; price $100.
60 rooms ; ' '¦' new, . * modern ' building ; '.'.' elegantly
; furnished; close in- full of first-class people; ,
- clearing, a 1 - handsome -profit; fine ¦• opportunity
•to get an up-to-date house reasonable ;;slck-
'•' ness. ¦' :..¦¦-..¦ ' ¦ ¦ . ' '.•': ; -.^--'
7-room modern flat- close In; well furnished;
. cost $600;. a bargain if sold at once; $300.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine down-
town location: 2 -entrances; every thing r In
'first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets;, clearing ; now $200 " per month ; '¦ \t\ run
transient ¦ can clear $300 to, $350 per month;
• here la best- proposition in city. ¦
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nlshed;- oak and mahogany; ' fine proposl-
<tion;.irood lease. : .
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease;' flrst-claaa
up-to-date downtown house; well- furnished:
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other: business; only with us.
21 rooms; cheap' rent; very central: good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house In
city; N clearing now l $300 per month; every-
. thing? first-class condition; will trade ' for
Oakland. Alameda or Berkeley property ot
ranch In California;, must leave city. ,
18 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
80 ¦ rooms; :•¦ newly,' furnished throughout; ¦'-. five-
year lease; downto-wn; fine, respectable, raon-
ey-maklng house; part down, -balance reaa-
: onable . Interest ,-. : . : • ¦' <f .
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per, room;, long
lease; ¦ up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bell and elevator: all : : light
rooms: well furnished. throughout; chance of
.lifetime to get first-class house that Is clear-
Ing $350 to $450 at bargain ; owner obliged
to leave for Europe to settla an estate; maks
offer; exclusively with us.
45 rooms, rent ' only , $125 ; flrst-dass ¦ location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing ' now over $200 per month; always full;
-bent buy in- city; account of sickness; price
: $4500. '. ... -¦> . •
Have ne-w, • modern i S2-room house; rent $375:
electrio lights, elevator, corner; everything
up-to-date; owner will exchange . for im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10,000.
Model apartment-house. ; 2 and 3 rooms* each;
.rent is • cheap; elegantly furnished; 5-year
lease; there are 90 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain -account
of sickness. . :
3* rooms: cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Large list' of real estate, rooming houses and
business for exchange or trade always on
hand. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st
HOTELS. '.-..¦. ¦" ." ' ¦ . ¦ :¦'-
MITCHELL & CO. I "
1206 Market st. - . Phone Jessie 2081
. Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold, to suit purchasers; titles guaran-
teed. MITCHELL & CO. -
LODGING-HOUSE very cheap: low rent. In-'
. quire for particulars," 209 Eddy st... between
11. and-4. - . .
HOUSE of fourteen rooms, well furnished, for
: housekeeping. '- 427 O'Farrell st. ¦
A PHENOMENAL $5 MenUl Reading for $1.
The great— ELLSMERE . . Ellsmere — the great
Egyptian: seer, palmist, medium;' the greatest
. clairvoyant in the world; tells your name,
I what you called for, whom and when you will
" marry,' about business, etc. ; Ellsmere is differ-
ent from other clairvoyants, .because he does
• what they, claim to do; 'things that are beyond
' ordinary understanding, things that seem'im-
¦O possible; he gives you Information, relief, suc-
1 ' cess, satisfaction; power ' and control of any
character affecting any one or anything past,
present or future; he tells you Just what you
may expect and what. to do for your best in-
tereets In any matter; he awakens a ' natural
I force within and around you, giving you a se-
cret power to remove; the cause of any trouble,
. ...Influence, unhapplness,; disease, poverty, . fall-
. ure or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens
up a way for success - and happiness you de-'
elre; a power to secretly: change the thoughts,'
. actions, habits or intentions of any one, even
Eg miles away: remember there is no guesswork
• when you consult him: if affairs of the heart
- or ernotions of love - interest - you, - he - gives
exactand truthful advice on all love affairs;
¦ he advises you how to settle lovers', quarrels
and enables you to win the esteem and love of
any cne you desire. ' H
8 offices. 1007% Market' street 3 offices.
Open Sunday, every day, 10 to 8. Mall. $2..
RICHARD MAYO. ~~
CLAIRVOYANT. .
At a glance, before you have a chance to ut-
ter one word, he tells you what you came for
and what you want-to know/ ¦
'••.-' .'-HE TELLS YOU ¦' -
HOW TO . ATTAIN ; SUCCESS, . .. - :
Whether- your present 'business investments
will be successful: ; No . matter -.what may be
your hope, fear or ambition.- call on this gifted
man -and .find relief. .- His- descriptions of your
friends and enemies are as real as though ' they
stood -,._ before » you.' He * tells j you . everything, '
good ¦ or bad ; you hear the truth and nothing
but : the truth. If you are, discontented, un-
bappy, discouraged., unsuccessful or In ill
| health, call on Professor Mayo and he will aid
you In life's greatest blessings,.- health, wealth
| and happiness. Satisfaction guaranteed or no
1»i- accfptr-d. ' i 'r.i'l i i rn "i i'ifc"| irnimmM
READINGS THIS WEEK REDUCED TO ONE
DOLLAR.' ' Cj* ,
421A Ellis st. , (Private) Flat.'. Hours 10 a. m.
i ?-'/'i'- : \ . ¦.'¦'•¦'¦ ¦• ;-. to 8 :p. : m. ." , •¦'.'¦. .;¦¦•;, •• - u
"ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU. -
His former J5 reading this week for $1. •
- - PAUL DHSTINE; .'.¦¦
.. The ..first registered: trance clairvoyant -and
¦ palmist ever in San Francisco.'
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charg« If I fall to tell your name
and what you want to,krow.\. I;tell if. hus-
band, : wife or sweetheart , is 1 true r : or false,
". whom 'and when you . ; . will, marry;. In; fact,; I
. .will .'tell every • hope, ¦ fear or ambition : better
j than ' you : can .tell ; yourself; - 1 will I improve
; your condition so you. will: reach the greatest
- possible strength In mental and bodily vigor
¦ ' and * luck that : insures . success.-; in business,
.••mining: and speculation ;-i Implant controlling
. . ,; power in your • nature so : you ; can < fascinate
. - any,- one . you ; . desire, 'i win ;- the - one » you s love,"
.•bring, back "your loved cne and cause marriage
'.with -ths one of choice. '-10 A. M.' to 8 P: . M."
• ¦ Closed Eunday. - j/'326y-O'FarrelI : st. — 326. .
MME. Mi BERNA RD * ' THE FAMOUS
¦ Clairvoyant and. business 1 medium; '.perma-
. nently focated at 17iThlrd ',, st, ; next ¦ Exam-'
• lner '¦„ bide. ; ¦ she read.? .-. j-our t. : life :¦¦ correctly,
:. ; gives an accurate' description' of !the. past, :. re-
• : veals , the . present' happenings ; and • portrays
. events . to occur in the ; future ; • if you are in
. .trouble,' .discontented ;orfnot,' satif<fled -with
• v life or have . domestic, love or business trou^
• bles: consult; this- great medium and you will
ha told how .to overcome. them; valuable ad-
.': vice lnall affairs of:life;25o up'; satisfaction
' j guaranteed ; , open ", Sundays. v; Tel.: Black 4569;
FROM •! all sections they.* come ; to •, witness the !
¦'•¦ wonderful -• demonstrations ¦: of * the ', noted
. LIVINGSTONE. Readings , $1. .; Would > It • not ;
•;.,be a; relief '. to j know-how .; you will \ succeed,-,
to be relleA-ed:of the matters that are troub- :
Jling you nnri.of the schemes of your enemies i:
. .• that you may meet with better success? 'Then
¦ ' for a reliable readlnggo'toHVINGSTONE."
• '42S : Eddy ,i st. ; : three ; separate? reception i par-
?¦ lorsji'ladyjattendants^^ouraslO a.m. -8 .-p.m."
A— Miss : M. i.Wille."^830 • Ellis, "clairvoyant icry s-^
• ; tal;r-eer. and life reader,? will tell you exactly
;; -what, your called for tasking ;a£ ques-
.¦tlon; names given;; special,^ $1;, hours' 10 to 8.*
ISMAR, : Egyptian j SeeressYs The vVendome. . 1104
1 Market' st.; : San Francisco. -^ Office hours— 10
;•:': a.Tmf,tn:6 p. m.;" Sundays; ;10 to 12: .Wedries-
j :¦¦ day evening,. 6 to^8.;jPhonci South. 1141.c !: r?>''; j ;
MMB.- • PORTER,^ clairvoyant, ; { medium,"^ born
. .- with , double : veil ¦ and : second ' sight; i tells past '
rrprerent; future: 1.- COcig.' by cards $l:'.palm-^
r ;- latir^full , life read.'- $1-1 303 Jones.'..near ;Eddy.
MISS ZEMDAR/ young, 'gifted clair. v and palm.;
- * reveals love, marriage;* business.*; etc.; L-i 50c;
: '.: G. $1 : : hours 10 to 0 ; names.'- 714 Franklin ; at. ¦
'A-^-Mmo.; Ravenna reads; life; business 5 advice;
••: names given ;^5c up;: 8 EUia cl.T near, Market
MME. V MARSEAU;* card , reader; ' fadles^ 23c;
.- i gents ' 50c. -y 545 ' Minna'; st. .-\ ;rj . ,,;- " ¦: :
MMEV GABRIEL .from the East; ; palmlst.1 card
7.'., reader. ',7G5 Market st.t , r.: 2.'. opp.-j P-elan , bid."
PROF."' JOHNS.Tpalmlst and psychic card 'read-
readings 25c;!2,toiO t -p."im.^512fJessla st]
MRS.A RICH ARD"SON. i from i London/,; England '
.«.; clairvoyant i card ; reader, y; 313 Ellis ;% no ; sign.
MRS.i SHAFFER;; clairvoyant i card reader : has
:. returned: sittings daily. 1 108 6th st'r rooms 1-2.;
. MME.1 QDELL>; clairvoyant; - card j reading.; tea
foIeave8;r25c:up.j,612i4:Eddy,st:;ino;slgn;V^;v
Mns.'fBAUMANN.^thet well ' ( known" fortune-
yj teller,! Is ( now; at 317 : Ellis s t." * ' • V ?>' - ' . '>¦ ;
BgSIOT^jDgJ^CES^^jmtonjed^^
A— CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st, cor.' Market and Powell. -;
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.;
FOR sale — Well-furhlshed Croom ark, moored-
one hour's 'ride from -city: fine chance • for
summer, outing, , also for I winter shooting and
-' fishing: completely..- furnished : and . equipped
for ¦ housekeeping; | automatic '¦ generators for
making own cas: toilets, closeu, . every thing
strictly new ' and - modern : accommodates , 1-
people over night; perfect little home: owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy; at -y..;; ..; ; .-,;-. y q ;.
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-'
ble: best coast city in California:. 50 stalls:
rent only $75 Der month: well ; stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks, and coupes ; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. . CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy at , :
FOR sale — Stationery. . school - supplies, dress
linings; well located, cheap rent; doing good
business; 3 living rooms; stock will invoice
more than price aEked; eickness; price $1500.
CAMERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy st / .
EXCHANGES made in' all kinds of real es-'
tate. rooming-hrjuses and" business chances.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy at.
AN ideal resort, 80 minutes* ride from city; 7
acres in shrubbery: -22 rooms furnished: 2
bars, dancing . pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Bun-
day; electric cars direct: clears $4000 . per
,year; price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON fc CO.. 8 Eddy at. '
FOR «ale — One of the best hay. train, feed/
wood, ooal, lime and cement businesses in
S. F. ; cheap rent; horses and wagons ;i all <
. equipments; present owner has made a - for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S00 per month; trial given If
¦desired: part down. CAMERON & CO.,; :
FOR sale — Fine little 3-room Cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet: all furnished; horse . ando
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st
EDTTCATIOITAIfc -¦ '.¦
A— THE Lyceum, '¦ an accredited preparatory
school for university. law, and medical: col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, ev. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Eend for catalogue. Native Sons' building. ¦
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., min.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est . 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A -SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting po-
sitions, g. B. Business College, 73S Mission.
HIGH school mathematics, coaching; "time
saved and study made easy; mail; evenings.
I 20 Hertford st. ': - ~ .
CLASSES in short story writing and' journal-
ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m.,
333 Phelan bldg. ; terms very reasonable.
BOOKKEEPING, En*... math., etc.; day and
eve.; Individual lnstr. 305 Larkin St., Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pao. Bus. CoL
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A — MOVED to 1281 Market et. ; large sunny
quarters. Western Business College.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. CoL, (502 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
6PANISH.French.eto.Prof.De FlIippe'sAcademy
of languages, 1018 Post; est 1871; ablest profs.
CAL. school elocution, oratory. ' phys. culture;
day, eve. Y. M. C. A. bldg.. Maaon & Ellis.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maler, teacher
of zither. 304A Turk st. near Leavenworth.
ARITHMETIC, algebra, grammar, writing,
etc., $5 mo.; private. 1281 Market, st., r. 704.
CHICAGO Business College, 1435 Market — Posl.
.¦ tlons. shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per •; mo. ;
vmandolln^club; $1 per mo. 828 Haight et -
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. ¦ Hin-
} man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. CaLr
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Mpntg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION ' ' Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine i>t— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Haight;
individual instruc; all-. branches; day, eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 . Golden
Gate ave., S. F. ;¦ 75-page catalog on requeat
' LODGING-HOUSES FOB, SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst, bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance.
corner 3d and . Market ets. TeL > Black ! 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Frea list
We furnish abstracts free ¦&.:. guarantee titles.
$350 DOWN AND $500 IN PAYMENTS.; j
An especially well-furnished rooming-
house In good location, on sunny side;
12 large rooms; Income $60 over-rent;
electric lights; refined roomers; will
sell at a sacrifice. ¦ - ¦ ' .
MARION GRIFFIN.
$1450—40 rooms; house poorly furnished; forced
sale; good opening for right party.-
MARION GRIFFIN., .
$2500—60 ROOMS; well-furnished apartment
house; corner; rent $163; -business easy
to run And pays well. -"¦•¦ . •¦¦•-'¦ :',¦• .
/. .>.MARI0N : GRIFFIN.
$2000—38 ROOMS; hotel, ¦ clearing $150 month-
, ly: very select- boarders;' owner sick;
will take " small . roomlng-houee in ex-
change and time on balance.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$760 — 16 ROOMS; rent $50; same owner for 12
ytars; - nice location .for roomers 1 or
''r',.'- boarders; north of, Market. ":.',
MARION, GRIFFIN.
$1000 DOWN and $1000 on- time; absolutely
¦-¦¦ the best* furnished .-.20-room' house- In
'• this city; lease for 4 years; 'furnishings
. cost $5000 In .June ..last < year; '"owner
sick in .WALDECK' HOSPITAL; buyer
mutt go with -agent from -this of flee.
."> . »"' MARION' GRIFFIN.
$400 DOWN and $10 - monthly : 24 ' rooms r ex-
tra nice blrdseye..- maple; fine. carpets;
apartments; .roomers _. care for: their
- . rooms ; > 8- year * lease ; -.- owner • occupies
4 • nice rooms .-' and puts $01 % . in ¦ • bank
monthly., - MARION. GRIFFIN.,.
' $200 DOWN and $200 in payments ' of only. $10
. v<\\' monthly.! .WITHOUT"*INTEREST; ¦¦¦ 8
eunny, rooms; • all ' open ' on to hall;" 0
. blocks north* of .Market; s cause, ¦ heart
failure. . . . . ; - MARION* GRIFFIN.
$217 PROFIT-, monthly 'GUARANTEED by
• owner on a cash; Investment of $3000;
no more 'to! pay; a: nice, ¦clean, large,
-• well-furnl6hedi'roomlng-house.'f ¦ -¦ • ..
, ' .'• '¦;.'._ MARION: GRIFFIN.^;;
~~. '¦ ': ¦':- "!•.' .' ' '•¦" '"''¦ "' : '"';'-. *-
-}'¦ ¦": bacrifice 1 sal£- v \.;
{7500—180 -rooms; , one * of > the ; handsomest " and
' most modern i apartment I houses 1 in I this
• city; i GRAND LOCATION : = ' BEAUTI-
. FUL, ; ALMOST -¦ NEW^; FURNITURE;
. cost-$15,000;': will <¦' dear -$7500 -yearly
GREATEST*. BARGAIN*; EVER^OF-
' FERED.vrAgcntSfromithlsiofflceTwlll
1 ¦ .- . accompany^ buyer* Exclusively with- :i
MARION. GRIFFIN. ~\. : -
." -Cut this ad outand'iWhen you come to San I
Francisco call and eee us at room 406 ? Ex-
¦'amlner '.building...-^ -^ ¦:...¦-.. . ¦¦-¦ ¦.. '.','¦-¦ •f'j
' N. B. — Turn «. on to ,< this • proposition '" tha
. fierce : rays of a powerful intellectual search-'
;.'' light t and; you'll 'discover no 'flaw.;.'.
A 10-ROOM -transient'^ house:? good £ furniture
4 : and carpets; $600.".Cani: to 4.-10S.Taylor.;8f,
' AN/elegant 1 ; residence, ; 17 J r6oms,'3 charmlngMo- 1
cation; rent $05; rcas.s Mitchell.-' 120<i Market.-
EMPXPTTMEirr WAj^TXP— Male— Coa.
BY German gardner as first man; or as man
alona on private place; Al references. Box
SiHI. Call office. ..
A RELIABLE man wants position as night
• watchman: references. Address I. B.. 759
' Folsom st '
YOUNG man wishes situation as collector. Box
3S7O. Call.
BUTLER wishes a position; city or country-
has first-class references. Box 3733. Call.
A NEAT.youns Japanese strong boy want3 a
position as waiter on table, to do housework
in rood family; speaks good English. F.
; NAKAO. 500 SnUer st
GOOD Japanese brothers want positions as a
first-class cook, a waiter and housework. r>.
S. ABE. 1408 Pine at
A JAPANESE first-class cook wants a situa-
tion as schoolboy. HENRY MURAKAMI.
'121. Haight st
A JAPANESE experienced co*ok wants position
' in private family. K. S., 1544 Polk st; tei.
Larkln 3hC-'. . ¦ .
I A JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy or housework. H. TSUDA. eare Jap-
anese Mission. 1304 Post st ; tel. Sutter 4132.
A JAPANESE boy would like to work it
chamberwork or housework anywhere. Ad-
Address 1303% Castro st ,
A JAPANESE experienced cook wants posi-
tion m private family. K. S., 1344 Polk st;
tel. Larkln 3S63.
JAPANESE, gentla and honest hoy/ wants a
position at housework, or any kind. In city.
TAKA, 850 Jessie st. city. .
IF you want a Japanese schoolboy ask for n».
K. IK EDA, Japanese Gospel Society, 72i
Geary st -
A JAPANESE cook wants situation aa cook or
housework In small family. F. K., 41SB
Larkln st; tel. Sutter 105S.
A NICE, young Japanese boy desires position as
waiter or general housework: speak* well.
JIRO. 14S4 Fulton st : phone Page 4075.'
A JAPANESE experienced cook wants posi-
tion in private family. K. S., 1344 Pork st
Tel. Larkln SS62. '
JAPANESE wants position as waiter at tab!a
or housework in family. C. T. CHARLT,
'710 Valencia st. : phone 3206.
JAPANESE honest boy wants position as
schoolboy in a nice family. A. B.. 81
Minna st. »' -' -
JAPANESE school. boy; fine cook; housekeep-
ing; economy; wages $4 week. GEORGE.
2316 California st
JAPANESE boy wants half day work of any
kind; $3. Box 8657. Call office.
A JAPANESE boy wants situation as- school-
boy. R. ICHIKAWA. 61 Minna, st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants place- as school-
boy. HAMADA. 1026 Oak St.; tel. Fell 1159.
CH1XESE wants position as cook In restaurant.
city. 33 Waverly place.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants position;
private family, j Box -3715. Call offlee.
. PUTAUCIAI..
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by the best of Income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
Interest.
Bend for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS ANT> FINANCE CO. (BCOJ
1172 Broadway. Cor. 14ta St. „
Oakland. . ©
THE RKAI/TT SYNDICATE.
Capital paid la _$4.«V>.0©0 CO
Surplus 840k»01 M
Issues
'". Six ¦ per : cent
¦'.brtMiiMBt OrtUScates)
At par.
OC3ee — No. 14 Bansom* sU'—C v *
San Franciaoo, CaX •
"WANTED— To pnrchase Realty €yndleat» cer-
tificates. MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANT,
107-108 Crocker building. o
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents; stock
aold: strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Writs A. F. HARASZTHT. 623 Orossley bldg
PLATS TO UT.
A— ROUSES and fiats to let: aa ft«Tr"w+ list:
service absolutely free: taks advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-S8 Osary
St., on the square.
CHEAP rent — Great' bargain; new 5-room flat
for. rent. $23 per month; sun all day: new
furnishings for sale. Purchaser has advan-
tage of $150 paid by present tenant Apply
Sterling Furniture Co.. 1033 Market st »
$25— SUNNY 8-room flat; new porcelain plumb-
ing: gas mantels: additional attlo rooms; 15
minutes from Palace HoteL 1441 Broderick
st. near Post
ONE new, elegant top flat, 6 rooms and bath:
marine view; rent onli» $27 50. Southeast
corner Buchanan and Filbert sts.
FLAT of 4 rooms; all Improvements; $13 per
month; gas and electric Ught free. 45^ Noe.
GEARY, 2228 — Middle flat, 6 rooms; sunny;
rent moderata.
NEATLY furnished, sunny, corner flat, . fonr
rooms, bath; rent $20. 1996 Golden Gate ave.
FINE, sunny, upper flat; marine riew; 8
rooms, bath. S.E. cor. Broadway and Jones.
CENTRAL, modern flat: 3 rooms, bath. 1030
Sacramento st. above Powell. ,.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Call
on LYON & HOAG, 118 Montgomery st.
$3250— ELEGANT, sunny, new 6-room . flat I
block north of Market 1S5 Noe st.- nr. 15th.
L sali:— rxraariBgirp.
NEW furniture and carpets of strictly modren
4-room cottage, with, bath; must be sold
within a week at great sacrifice, as owner
goes abroad; rent $18. 1220 Harrison st
FOR sale 'or exchange— Nice furnished flat 7
rooms and bath, cheap. 13S9 Valencia st
FURNISHED flat. 3 sunny rooms, to let or for
sale. 430 Tebama st
HOWARD, 1120U— Furniture from a sunny 7-
room flat; must, sell; reasonable.
CHARMING sunny corner, six-room flat com.
olete: clears $15. 494 Eddy st
¦ , FTJUJN IT U ICE POX ffAT/K.
AT 729 Ashbury at ; mahogany parlor, golden
.oak dining-room, : oak bedroom furniture;
. special bargains to buyers ; no . dealers.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 5O down.' $1 0O
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post su
HENRY MAYER pays -highest prices for fur-
..nltnre.' carpets, etc. 782 Mission: teLBush 313
' TOTUfXTTTXS "WA2TTXD. '
' -'ABE LEVY. "~~
Saterroom. U33 Market st TeL Jessie- 731.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office tur-
nlturt. etc.. until you get his estimate.- ' ¦ •
WILL, pay 20 per cent more* for furniture than
'dealers cr will 'sell 'on 'commission. I* H.
¦ BURP, sue; lC3fl Market ; phone Jessie 233*.
_^ JgEXiP * WAyTSP~riI3gAXl!.
EXPERIENCED SHIRT OPERATORS ANT>
A LIMITED - NUMBER TO LEARN.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE ST3. ,
WOMAN for cooking ; and downstairs work:
must be competent;, wages $35. 178 Belve-
% dere st. between Frederick and Waller.
Clayton and Coin sts.- - ,
¦WANTED — Ladies to do piecework at home:
' steady employment; good pay; experience un-
1 necessary. Call Emma Spreckels bldg., 927
Market st', room 401.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators en
' • overalls, coats and Jumpers: steady work.
-VXjEVT STRAUSS .& CO., , 32 & Fremont «t
' Apply [ to, Mr. ' Davis.'
AT '.Dr. Juilly's , sanitarium; Intelligent yours
".women to learn nursing; must contract tor
, one - year. , Inquire at 2504 Howard. 2-4 p. m.
GIRL ; wanted ; for s general housework. 3C<X)
¦ Jackson at, " from 10 to 4; carfare paid. ¦
BPSiyESgjPHAJICES.'
A— i000^CORNER"saloon.- with cigar stand,
on Fourth st. living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain.' See.R."t«.
WILKE. 26H Keamy st.
A— $lf*0 — Old established commission store.
dairy produce, etc.. must be sold at once on
account of death; a very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 28 years as a good reliable
house. R. G. WILKE. 20'^ Kearny st.
A— $1600: CORNER cigar stand on Ellis' St.;
lease; a good paying place; location can't be
beat; owner must leave for N.; Y.; aisacrl-
fice. See R G. WILKE. 26^- Kearny st
A — $30»: CORNER saloon, S.\of Market; Blxth
et.; cheap rent; 4 years' lease;; a bargain.
See R. G. WILKE, 2«% Kearny at . ' ;
A— $4000; RESTAURANT and cafe close to
Market and Powell sta.; rent. $300; lease;
place elegantly fitted up and doing a large
buFlnese;-best class of patronage; owner en-
gaged In other business; must sacrifice. See
R. G. WILKE. -2CH- Kearny at . »
A — $6500; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind in the State: rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $300; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
• corner: rent $30; best location; business pay-
lcg welL R. Q. WILKE, 26^ Kearny at
A — 54000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market st: net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
In sight See R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $1500; HARDWARE and plumbing business;
location the very best; established years, and
a first-class paying business. ¦ AH particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny : st
A — $2300; TRANSFER and express business; 6
horses, 5 wagons, bus, road buggy, harness
and stock; business established years; clears
at least $200 per month; a rare chance. See
R. O. WILKE. 26fr& Kearny at
A — $2000; CORNER grocery and bar; choloeat
location on Geary st; rent $30: lease: a good
paying and old established business; disagree-
ment of partners cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26V» Keamy st
A — $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building: a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26 % Kearny st. ,
A — Jir.OO; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition; C living rooms; rent $45; 4 '4 years'
lease: eplendid location and good-paying
business. Ft. G. WILKE. 26)6 Kearny Bt.
A — SSOO: CORNER saloon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
Ing business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26»4
Kearny st
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar, with liv-
ing-rooms; rent $45; best location on Mission
st; place established years; fresh stock;
value in sight and a good paying store. See
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st ¦ ¦
A — $e50O; saloon, with 10 years" lease; close to
Chronicle bldg. ; rent $250; return rent $175;
place doing good business; full value In sight;
a greatbargaln. See R.G.WILKE,26%Kearny.
A — $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly Income $1000; one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-class paying saloon In manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. Q. WILKE, 26%' Kearny st
A — $1600: COUNTRY hctel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds, 50 boarders; fine barroom
• -with- good trade; close to depot; In lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars . R. G. . WILKE, 20%
Kearny 6t •'
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daiy receipts about $20; best location north of
Market st Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A-i-$26O0: HOTEL in San Mateo County ;\ 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-yeay lease. See
R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
st; rent $60: living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2800; - a . well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
. WILKE. 26% Kearny st , . . .
F. A. BROOKBANK..........C. H. NORTON
BROOKBANK-NORTON CO.,
• BUSINESS AGENTS.
817 Market st.. bet Fifth and Sixth.
$100— CIGAR stand; 4tb-st location; doing nice
business; good stock and fixtures: rent $10;
don't miss. this. See Brookbank-Norton Co.
SALOON — Market St.: good fixtures, fair stock;
2 eutrances;reasonabl« rent: owner at death's
door and will sacrifice for $700 to settle es-
tate; bargain. See Brookbank-Norton Co.
CORNER saloon: wholesale dis.; receipts $20;
bargain for $1100. See Brookbank-Norton Co.
$250— PARTNER well - paying cigar stand;
must, be steady, reliable man. See Drookbank.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES!
IF you wish to &uy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market at
' Rooms 418-410. Telephone . Folsom 3468. .
$350 — PARTNER: must be honest, sober, re-
liable. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny at
$650 TO $10,000— Saloons that will stand ln-
vestlgatlon. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny.
RESTAURANT: also delicatessen stores at bar-
gainfc. See BERG & POPP. 818 Kearny st.
$S000 — A TRANSFER and delivery business,
consisting of new building, 20 horses and 12
. wagons, harness, etc; all in first -class con-
dition; clearing $300 per month. Apply box
1474. Call office. Oakland.
SALOON for sale: one of the best corners south
of Market st; long lease; $40 to $50 day re*
ceipts; price reduced on account of 111 health.
Cali 699 Fourth st -
$700 BUYS country weekly In growing town;
one-third down, balance ; easy; .net income
$90 . monthly; circulation 400. Address i box
39S3, Call Office.
CITY front saloon; clears $150 month; Including
building ground rent $20: stock, fixtures, etc..
must go East. Box 3610, Call office.
PARTNER wanted -with email cash: estab-
lished business; $75 guaranteed. BROWN,
S3 Mason st
REFINED lady would like to meet : a man
with ?2000 to go • in business with : her In
Tonopah. Nev. Address box' 3653, Call.
FOR sale — Corner grocery: excellent location:
stock fresh; cheap. Address box 1472, Call
office, Oakland. ¦ , < ,
PARTNER; detective and collection; estab-
lished business; small capital. Room 25,-1014
Broadway, Oakland., ¦ . .*..
BARBER shop fixtures for sale: two. revolving
chairs; 2 stands: 5 mirrors; other articles;
worth $£0;.se!l at sacrifice... Box 3977. Call.
$600 — GROCERY and liquors: fresh stock; good
trade; nice, sunny Jiving rooms; cheap rent;
bargain. Phone Blue 221.
FOR sale — Meat market: clears $250 per month:
onxer retiring November 1. Address box
.SSi<3. Call office.
A GENTLEMAN wants a lady . partner .for a
boarding-bouse. Address box 1471, Call office.
Oakland. .-¦¦,¦
SNAP — Grocery, and bar; long lease; -low
rent; bargain; doing good business. Inquire
at 3153 Twenty- fourth at -
FOR *ale-7-Bar;.7. furnished living rooms and
large dance. hall; ft years' lease; on Mission
¦ road. E. MONI. S10 Paclfic.\ bet. ; 8 &. 0 a. m.
FOR sale— Restaurant in' East Oakland: ' good
location -and paying business. : ¦ Box ¦» 1501.
Call office.
FOR ' sale— A ' saloon ¦ doing a first -class ' busi-
ness; centrally located. Further particulars
of box 1777. Call office.
I SALOON license for $250/ See ANDERSEN &
PYE. 035 Market at.' room, 1. '-.-. ... ' ,
f3uO — PARTNER' wanted; ' Market-st cigar
store. Murin Investment Co., 235 K«arny st
FOR sale— Good bootblack stand. . 729 Mission
' street ¦,-.".-¦¦-'. ",'¦ ;- ;".'.- -"¦'"..". : .-:,-- vij
RESTAURANT > doing a splendid business for
i sale; reasonabls. CaU ¦ f»04 ..Turk st ? ;' .;>
i SALOON ' license for ¦ sale; . $325." 635 Howard
street. - -. : O .v<v/. ;-.:.-•.,.--. v ; . ....
CHOPHOUSE. lunch counter and restaurant to
• be aold to-day; a gift 070 Howard st - y-
A COR, grocery delicatessen, with 2 furn. rms:
, rent $15; 3-year lease.- ; 1300 Church st
WANTED— To buy ; a' cigar,' stand ; ¦¦ state ' price
- and . location. \ \ Box . 1977. J Call . office.
WANTED — Restaurant; .price : most be • reason-
¦ able for location and trade. * * Box ' 1922. Call;
ROUTE for aale^ 899 Berlin at *
FOR* »ale — Corner saloon; good .business. ¦ 835
;. Bryant; st '.•.;.. ; -.¦...¦¦¦.¦.-••;..••¦ ;v..^; •;,.¦¦ -
J1C00— CORNER saloon; : good' location; :i rent
.?. $35.:- Inquire :,728j Mission; idgar, store/.;;. .-
CHEAPEST and beat i In America— The', Weekly '
r Call, : 16 • pagjes,-, sent *, to ¦ any % addrass in ths
, * united States or. Canada on« : year ' for ?!, •" > |
FREE-I-POUND GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO/6 "TOPTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27/ 1905.
11
MEDICAL — Contlnped.
L,.\DIES — If you are in trouble, connd« in me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 805 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOO614 Market »_, opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. epeciali-t for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years* experience. 914 Post st.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 fiO by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price *.V By express only
on receipt of price. OSOOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DR. G. W. CDONNELli— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
advice fret. Office. 1018 Market st.
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
st. Relief guaranteed; no drugs, 00 operations
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; safe. sure, never fails;
$2. Gleaaon-Ruggles Drug Co..Kean>y * Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St.. corner
26th: ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
MONXTJPO I^>AlSr.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY" (Inc.)—
..ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 6% AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interest* In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests in property
purchased.
' MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.: phone Main 5024.
_________________________
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
~ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
1 or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 38.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters; boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman. 633 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
006 Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch 19 Third.
YOUNG & CO.. room 637 Parrott bldg., loan
money on furniture, pianos, etc, at about
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid off.
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st..
near Market.
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities.
$25 up. without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co.. 60 Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 60? Market st
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton it..
loans money on diamonds, valuable*, etc.. at
2 per cent per month.
PRIVATE! — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com. ; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St., nn. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. _.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONET to loan at low Interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'8. 10 Sixth st
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan &
Hall, room 1218 Call bldg: phone Main 3214.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 812 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALLloans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 638 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
MUSICAL I_TSTRU_ENT3.
pose of these high-grade instruments in the
few days remaining, prices have been cut
ridiculously low and easy terms can be ob-
tained; such well-known makes as Draper
Bros., Stodard, Wtntermuth & Co., Stanley
& Sons are offered for $133 and $146 fur
both mahogany and walnut cases; a few
squares at $25 and $35 each; Simplex Piano
Players at $125 and $150; thia la positively
your last chance; first come first served; no
reserve. 769 Market St., second floor.
A FEW OENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS:
Mussaxd — Small upright, fine order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable.
- Sterling — -lahogany case; used 1 year.
Chickering — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany case, 3 pedals, like -new,
from $95 up; easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st
RARE violins 'for sale; Francesco Rurs«rl.
Domlnicus Montaguaj.-. Sebastian Riots.
Ceasar Glgll. HERMAN MULLER, violin
maker, 2 Latham place, S. F.
WHEN - you want to rent a piano, call up er
call on Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 660-62-64
Hayes st. : tel. Fell 6761.
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st. ¦ ' ' - *\
$00 — UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNO. 216 McAllister st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold: $135. 237 Geary st
SOHMER, Byron Mauxy pianos. Cec«llan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. SOS-312 Post st
NEW- upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister St.
8-PEDAL Stain way up; Chlckering baby grand:
Bhontnger. little used.' Keeffe'a. 2S3 O'Farreli
AOT STOBES i TO IiET.
ELEGANT offices; new Italian- American Bank
bide, SE. cor. Montgy. & Sacto. : light and
sunny. Q. H.UMBSEN It CO.. 20 Montgy.
__[_- : __ - FESSoa'AiiS. . . ___;
A LADY from one , side of whove face I have
harmlessly removed wrinkles can be seen at
Union Drug Co., Stockton and O'Farrell sts.
. "Hints on Health and Beauty" free; costs
nothing to call or write. M. ELLA HAR-
RIS, Pharmacist, 1M Geary st.
_________________
• DERMATOLOGIST,
Haj removed her parlors to" 1*3 Stockton st,
Union-square bldg., over Regal shoe store opp.-
Clty of Paris, room 16. where she will continue
to treat her patrons for all facial blemishes.
THEJ Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im"
: proves its growth. stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
/cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'- ac-
cept no sub.titute.Star Remedy Co., 1333 Polk.
DR.!ROWELL*8 Fire of Life, a sure cure for
: rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
I ¦ sore throat, etc. ¦ Sold by all druggists for
. over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
,by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk gt. 6. F.
RAG carpets wove to order and tor sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, ; silk • portieres; dealer in
carpet twir.e in • hank cr chain, ¦ at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st, Oakland.
RUGS /made - from " old carpets ; ingrain, brus-
¦ "•: sels, ' tapestry and - moqustte ; chenille curtains
. woven into new rugs. ;¦'. Fluff 'Rag ¦ Factory.
,862 Market St.. Oakland; take West 8th car.
HAVING e separated '; from my ; . wife, will not
be • resoonslble for any - debts ' contracted by
¦ her. H. A. BOWMAN.
PEBSO-TALS — Contlaned. __
BEST on earth— Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cur^d; Jl.
BARRADA3 MEDICAL CO.. 330 Grant ave.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 SO
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT"
FCRXITCRE CO.. U40 Post at., near Powell.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY est*b.
1S1K). 2122 Fillmore St.; phone Geary 2053.
MRS. HOLSHQUSER, 320 Starr King bid*.. 12X
Geary st. — Oxygen, electrolysis, massage.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A~L«avenworth s?~ b*l
tween Geary and O'Farreli. TeL East <»T.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAU3 CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 73. Fred Wagner. 830 Market.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. 8u1U
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week: suits to or_er~ri5 upT T-EMOSrili?
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. OARIN. 138 Montgomery rt.
ONE- dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1844 Mkt.. under St. Nlohola*.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. MrsJ
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Misa Eaton.233 O»ary.r.3_.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hats
tonic In the world at 1810 Butter -t.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; drese pants $2 M.
Mlgflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dnpont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs}
coantry orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO..733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'3 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color;$l at all druggists*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recej^
ttoo of advertisements an. subscription* has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PATEJTTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA. at»
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. S32 Market rt.
FHYSICIAWS ATO ST/KOSO-TS.
j DR. C. C. C DONNELL— Offlce"an_~ resTd<>_c%
! 1021 H Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th. particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD/ skin and rectal diseases a specialty!
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the hun%.n body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary at., near Leavenworth.
"WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eaaes cured by Chinese herbs. 74ft-9 Clay st.
PX7BCHASHTO AGENCIES.
CLARA B. JETWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 805 Larkin St.. room 4ft; tel. South 319.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — PO_t SALS.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
AT AUCTION!
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 3. 1904.
* THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 3. 1904.
AT OUR OFFICE AND SALESROOM.
25 Post st., at 13 o'clock noon.
BY ORDER OF WILLIAM J. DIXGEE. ESK».
Administrator of the Estate of
ALVINZA HAYWARD. deceased.
M BOULEVARD LOTS 38
38 BOULEVARD LOTS SS
38 BOULEVARD LOTS 38
FRONTING ON
LOMBARD-STREET BOULEVARD.
GREENWICH STREET.
OCTAVIA STREET.
LA GUN A STREET.
LOTS ALL LEVEL AND READT
TO BUILD ON AT ONCE-
SUITABLE FOR HOMES.
FLATS OR STORES.
STREETS AND CROSSINGS ALL
BITUM1NIZED EXCEPT GREENWICH
STREET. WHICH IS MACADAMIZED.
TERMS CASH OR 60 PER CENT OF TH_I
PURCHASE PRICE WILL BE
ADVANCED BY THB HIBERNIA
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY.
CERTIFICATE OF TrTLE AT THB
NOMINAL COST OF $10 PER LOT.
FILLMORE ST. AND UNION ST. CARS
CONVENIENT TO THIS PROPERTY.
THESE ARE THE LOTS YOU HAVE BEE?*
LOOKING FOR.
DON'T MISS THE SALE
THURSDAY.
NOVEMBER 3. 1304. at
12 O'CLOCK NOON
AT 25 POST ST.
FURTHER PARTICULARS OF
BALDWIN A HOWELU
AUCTIONEERS.
25 POST ST.
HAIGHT ST. LOTS. '
WALLER ST. LOTS.
ASHBURY ST. LOTS.
CLAYTON ST. LOTS.
11 LOTS SOLD ALJtBADY.
LOTS FOR BUSINESS
LOTS FOR RESIDENCES.
LOTS FOR FLATS.
LOT8 FOR INVESTMENT.
Go immediately and see the block bounded by
above street*; It is the last Panhandle bio.: a
to be subdivided; all the streets are accept—*
and stoae walks are laid.
The lots will be sold la sizes to suit on ea*y
terms If desired. The prices placed on the
property are extremely low and when this
block Is sold can never be obtained again.
We ask you to look at the rapid growth Hatgnt
st. In this neighborhood haa lately made. s*»
the new itores all rented. There is a strong
demand for more. Buy a lot, corner er in-
side, build stores and flats. It will pay big
Interest and increase In value. Lots on ths
other streets are high-class residence Tots
and will prove good investment-. No prop-
erty in the city will pay as well wh-n im-
proved.
It will pay you to go out to the block to-day
and secure your choice.
LYON * HOAG,
118 MONTGOMERY 8T
ONLY A FEW _.EFT.
1 $1 25 PER WEZK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots in the Excelsior Homestead
. Tract; level as a billiard table: on strees
grade: close to fin- school: not far frost tb*
Misslon-st. electric cars; secure one as an
investment and by the time It Is paid for It
will have doubled in value the way prices
have advanced during the past year; bur
now before prices become prohibitive in this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
FOR SALE — Ideal home* aa Ashbury Heights;
grand view; select neighborhood; houses are
built right; prices low; terms e-sy; if you
are looking for an up to date, swell home.
1 take a look at these; open for Inspection
? every day. 3. STIERLEN. owner and build-
? er on premises. SZ8 to 857 Clayton st.. Ma.
sonic ave.. car to Carl and Clayton sts.
$1000 FOR 2 lota, northeast cor. Sanches and
Palmer sts.; must be sold for mortgage: $290
down, b&tance $20 per month. Cottages, SOZi
Army *t. and 3750 Army st.; $2250. D. COF-
FIN, 252S Mission St.. near Twenty-first.
FOR sale^ — 3 colonial hou.*>«. 6 rooms, bath
and basement: beautifully finished, up 10
I date and sunny: east aide of. Tenth ave.. near
• I tt.. Sunset, • Hallett 4 Gee. on premises.
$1000— COTTAGE. 4 rooms; large tot; sear
Cortland-ave. School; S2tx> cash.' balanc«
•S per month: to clcse an estate.. 3310 Mts-
slon st. ¦ -
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. Ic* Included,
any location, on $1 25 per wttk v Mutual
Home Building A»«oc!ation. 427-Crowley bid.
For Additional Classified AdvertiM.
J menu Sect Pa_e U .
LAUNCHES FOB HIRE.
C A; McNEILL, LAUNCH CO.. foot Of CTay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 834.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.: phone South 218.
___. _ MINES ABTPMHTnyQ. '
I MAKE a specialty of ' selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO, Crossley bldg.
— FOS SALE.
2D-HAND macHlnery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 6. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, -d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH tt WOLPMAN. - 105-187 Fremont at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~~~~~
Repair it with elaterlte, in rolls ea«y to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
' FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modem bar fixture*;
cheap prices. - BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENCEft. 052 Mission at. ;
A — BUYS, rells or. rents > gear machinery, < en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
e^c. WHITELAW. 253.255 Spear st.
A— THE <P. J. Co.) California virgin - gold
¦Keddinc rir.fc-s for sale by the PORTI-AND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
NEW' stock men's furnlshlnp goods, fixtures
: and lease ; ; account sickness. Address box
1475. Call office, ' Oakland. •
A BRAND new 14-foot skiff; up to date: var-
nished inside. F.FITTOCK, Park-st. Bridge
¦ Boathouse, •'¦ Oakland. " • ¦ .
REPUTABLE ' place : to ; rent gents', full dress..
Tuxedo or i Prince Albert : suits. , J. COOPKR.
21 . Stockton St."; (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our/ men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form ¦'¦ shoes at $2 50; w« pay ¦ express
charges.' 11 3d st.'. * Exam. ; bid. ; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payment*/, DEREMER'S, 187 Mont-
gomery «t., room 12., upstairs.
BAYmare; weight 1400 lbs; single or double;
' Apply , Mascot ' Stable. ,1108 Golden Gate ave.
H." ANDERioNT^20 ' O* FarreU^fc"— Theatrical
' masquerade ar.d carnival costumer. ¦>»,V:-f,\
FOUR pure ; fox terriers for sale; 'cheap;, Ap-
;,' ply, C-0 Broadway,* between l'and 5 p. m.' •
FINE r talking : polly: and ¦ canaries for sale at
¦ B59H - Minna; _t.- : ; ... ; /
OAS r nglnes. centrifugal pumps; highest grade"
lowest prices. Price Pump Co..' 523 Market St.?
,Wallpaper. ; . 314c; i paint, *J1 gal.; painting, wtolt-
. ' *n Ing. Merlsan, 1302 Webster; tel.Stelner .071
nnSCELLAlTEOUS— •yOHjgAM.-goM.
A^-^ 1 t Ka J 1 V. a£8^ rtmen . t of diamonds, jtwolry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
UNxV'fe D g^U S T^ni 0n stoc^o n P .r ent -
000,000 FEET lumber, being wrecked, for sale
cheap. Phone Capp 3905.
FO .^?i?,^r-? t -, Bernard do »- 11 months old.
ANTONE DA VILLA, Alvarado. Cal.
SAFES and cash registers, new and s«cond-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 132a Market ut.
BARGAINS in ifd-hand cash registers,; Includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed; terms. 14 Turk st.
2D-M AND bldg. material ; lumber, door. saah.
__ plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mrkt.
FULL Una of drummers* samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 23 Stockton st.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for |75. BE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Btockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring. $50: terms SB etr
month. P. V. OARIN. 138 Montgomery tt .
BLOT machines, all kinds; loweat prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 819 Third; tel.Main 418.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. TD
. McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission »t. : tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Brfck. 181 Post st. j
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
r. MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
wM glzes. .T. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
:&UBCE-J--jrE0U3 WASTS.
AAA— Highest prices for ladles,' - gents' castoff
clothing. -.Tel. Davis 825. C50 Sacramento • st.
A A— BUY any amount good 2d-hand ladles' &
men's clothes.. 022 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
DIAMONDS and " precious stones bought I for
cash. KARL EBER & •¦ CO., room 405. Ad-
. ams bldg.r209 Kearny st.: phone Black 3o3(J.
WANTED— 1 two ' horsepower sweep. Room
• 1408, Call building. •
"WANTED— A i meat . refrigerator. , about - 8x7
• v feetr; . must s be , cheap. : Box j 3S67, ¦ Call offlc*.
Levy A Redler, highest price for gents' ' ca_t-o a
clothing, shoes ; tel. Red 1B14. 615 Washington
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
.'¦ theatrical" goods. J 1B4 Dth St.: tel. Je»«ie -551.
MEDICAL.
i LADIES ' desiring i safe, sure and \ quick ' relief
. frony Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ei-
orbltant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' ¦ experience in all fe-
i male disorders; call- or write. --DR. > WHITE.
702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8. gUD5aJiJBW83
DR. 1 E. ? O.' .WEST, the • old. i reliable phyiidaa
-.ana-surgeon. 300 Kearay «t., room 1. .
FOR eauTat Kcllpe« Stable. 1375 Kddy *.—
4 stylish driving; hones, single and double;
one lar*» stylish aurrey horse; very gentle.
F1NB riv«r bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Btables. 100 Stevenson. B.F.
FIRST-CLASS business wagon: call before 10
o'clock. 1*12 E Ninth st.. Eaat Oakland.
AUCTION sale at 220 Valencia St., Saturday,
11 a. m.; 100 head broken horses.
ALL. kinds of business wagrons, curreys and
bucrles and carts cheap. 1C04-* Folsom st.
FINE rubber- tire Victoria, the latest kind,
for sale cheap. 1008 Folsom st. . ;.
NEARLY new buggy for «ale cheap. Box 1773,
Call offlc*. ¦ - . .
GOINO out of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission at., nr. 1.1th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every "Wednesday at 11 a. m. j 827 Sixth sL
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
"jg E-r*v In wrapper.- for mailing, tl per year.
LOST A_n> FOUND.
LOST — On Tuesday evening, on Maeon st., be-
tween Suttcr and Eddy, or Market st., be-
tween Eddy and Third, a silver pin, s«t con-
taining central topaz surrounded by elfcht
smaller stones; suitable reward paid to finder.
Return to O. A. BOTER, 134 Golden Gate ave.
LOST — Oct. 25, from hotel coach, : a telescope
valise containing gentlemen's wearing ap-
parel, quartz specimens . and medicines. : A
' liberal reward will be paid for Us return
to Itus_ House, thia city. , * .,-
LAUNDRY horse and black-covered top wagon,
with three bundles of . clothes. Return to
MAR CH_E, 247 Minna at. and receive $10
reward. • : . . ; :
LOST — A ¦ brlndla bull terrier pup: answers
name Major: reward. DOELL BROS.. 501
Eighth st. " - . . r
LOST — Lady's gold watch, monogram N. E. H. :
Return B. L. Hodghead, rra. 220. Crossley
bo! Id Ing; reward. •
LOST— Tu^uoise pin. surrounded with _l».
nionds. Finder return to' 1003 Chestnut st.
and receive reward;
LOST — A' black cocker spaniel- dog. Return
to 1501 . Market st. : reward. . •
LOST — Gold chain . bracelet; ; ball ': attached.
. Return . to 434 Butter . and , receive reward. - '
LOST — Mining, map," Excelsior, . near, 8d' and
. Market. Return ; to 1103 Call bldg. ; reward.
FOUND — Female bull terrJor. Owner may call
. 1C25 San Bruno av«. . ' ¦•¦¦¦¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦- ' ¦
LIKE FINDING MONEY. * " - : ;.
: Helling your old trold and silver. to the Mod.
, ern' Watch Case Factory to _• made Into new.
watch . cases.'. 220 Butter TggmjMjliL IQIIft
"|^|¥\|I_-||_r| : : A Coupon Entitling Yen to : : 'plYpH
1 KILiJLi One Pound 40-Gent» K^hV 1 ,
Imported and Scientifically Roasted, and Is Perfection
of Quality in Coffee. On Sale at the 1 00 Stores of the
Great American Importing Tea Co.
Your Choice of a Pound of
Mocha, Java, or Mocha and Java Blend
FREE With Every 25-Cent/ Small Ad in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
r The Coffee we offer you is the very best that
*^ 4O cents can buy in any part of the world, and none
*^ could be fresher, for each day the stores of the
S GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO. are
** ';• replenished and the Coffee only ground on receipt
™. of your coupon, thus retaining until almost the
•^ moment of use the volatile properties that character-
ize the beverage.
S 1 | .
Not alone do you secure a pound of the purest,
-j freshest, high grade Coffee on the market, but you
~S receive in addition from the GREAT AMERICAN
A IMPORTING TEA CO. an EXTRA PREMIUM, entitling
P you to a selection from a thousand articles of Glass-
Ix. ware, Chinaware, Plateware, etc., any one of which
E would cost you from 15 to 20 cents. Our offer this
XVI week: therefore means 55 to 60 cent values for a,
JVjL » ¦'.-¦¦¦'. - -^^
IN THE WHOLE SERIES OF PREMIUMS OFFERED OUR. PATRONS IN
THE PAST NONE HAVE COMPARED IN VALUE TO THIS ONE : : :
Any one bringing a 25-cent Small Ad to our office
THURSDAY, FRIDAY OR 'SATURDAY
r ill receive FREE a coupon, good at any one of the fol-
lowing stores for a pound of Coffee and an Extra Premium:
861 MARKET STBBST 813 STTTTEB STREET • 1419 F03-X STREET
140 SIXTH STREET 1819 DEVISADERO STREET 705 LARKIN STREET
475 HAIOUT STREET 3006 SIXTEENTH STREET 146 NINTH STREET
3285 MISSION STREET 521 MONTOOMERY AVENUE 355 KATES STREET
2008 FILLMOEE STREET 3516 MISSION STREET 52 MARKET STREET
366 THIRD STREET * 469 FOURTH STREET ' 306 THIRD STREET ¦
3733 TWENTY-FOURTH STREET
1053 WASHINGTON STREET. OAKLAND ? f 7 1355 PARK STREET. ALAHSOA
1510 SEVENTH STREET. OAKLAND 2141 CENTER STREET. BERKELEY
1185 TWENTY-THIRD AVENUE. OAKLAND 823 FOURTH STREET. SAN RAFAEL
616 EAST TWELFTH STREET, OAKLAND
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, Third and Market Streets
Oakland Office - .'--.- 1016 Broadway
trrLPJW ANTED — rSM&LE- Contlaned. I
AT NATL EMPLOVKS'~m:CORr> CO. (Inc.) •
Hte-nogrnpher who can iftke German and :
CkcOsh dictation knd transcribe on the
typewriter, i'h.
- laule* for copying. 525.
- >-ii :'.__;<&, $& week.
01 See assistant, $5 wetk to begin.
1; ladies, learn to make envelopes, small «al-
-->• :>u.id while learning, piec* work thereafter.
I* exjxxicr.ced glove *_lesladie_. *« to 5« week.
=v_:e_i_tiy. ildls. one year's experience re-
¦ i-ited. suod salary.
Vcung ladj- to <io hurra leather work, good
» rouse laai^fc, assistants :n dancing school,
¦fl r.U ficr day, & hours.
Ca-hier. restaurant, ?5 wetk.
CU8 HEARST BLPG. I
CUOK for an Institution.. $50 J
<:oofc for country hotel. »e« bo«s in dty..$!>0 1
Cook for student*' boar-lng-house $35 I
- e«con_ girl* •< .$25 j
•J!iar;benr.Eld h_- waiting, hotel $20
:$ ct-neclrla $15. $20. $25 •
Maid and seer.istrrfs $1*5'
<:<•_!• Inn Korean. hcspUal $20,
*"«ck. i>ma'.i rt-tl-ur-nt $35 ¦
Ueoadcetpcr for country hotel $C3 "
Xursejriri for Berkeley *-** .
llouscwcrk. for Sau Mateo $-5 1
Man and wife W0|
A isxue run-.ber of general housework girls. '
<-:ty and ccantry. $2U, $_S $30. Apply to j
J. F. CBOSgTT & CO.. S34 Sutter j
A XT AT woman cook for an American family, 1
-aHiBUy. $30 and round: fare paid. Apply to- ;
day between 3 and 4 p. m.. MURRAY _c .
I.EM V. 6S4-634 Clay st. •«
A — WANTED — Girls to learn bairdreecing, I
manicuring, etc. : trade taught from A to Z '
In 2 week*; tuition $5 to those entering now; I
three pccstlons to fill immediately; positions J
guaracteed at $10 per week up; leading '
pehoel In Weet 233 Qeary st. room 13. }
"WANTED — Glris to learn millinery now for ,
faJl wucn; both seasons taught from start
to finis- in one month for SIS; positions as
trimmer*, ealesla.ies. makers, guaranteed at
$'.0 per week up; 7 position* to be filled Ira-
meglateiy. Parlor. 143 Stockton tt. r. 13. '
A— PACIFIC College t«ach«s hairfiresstng. |
maxlcuring, electric mftieag-. etc.: six hour-' •
practice a day; guara&tee positions; only '
re*>or-i-e_ r^i.ffrr of its kind on coast; day j
and evening c!ast«; all parlor work at re-
duced j.r:c«s- 133 Powell «t. .A
WANTED — Neat, competent girl, with refer- J
ences, for cooking and general housework; 4 1
in family; wages ?23 to $30. Call TUursday, •
2 to 4 p. ra.. 825 Francisco st, near Hyde. |
GIRL for housework. 61 Cumberland st. be- I
tween 10th and "Oth. Gaerrero and Dolores. I
COMPETENT young woman for general house- '
work, cooking; 3 adults; $25. 15 Fair Oaks. I
GIRL, general housework; small family. 4200
California et., corner Fourth ave,; $20.
GIRL, care of child and awist; 2 In family;
references. £26 Turk st.. apartment 600.
AN experienced appre>tic« on custom coats.
41» O'F-rreil et.. rear.
PTEADT girl to assist In bakery." Cor. Union
and M_5on su.
HELP WASTEO-KALE.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOTES' RECORD CO
tine.)
Collector. $S0.
Bookkeeper, $75.
Booi__eeper, }63, act as office man.
Office a-ristaat $7 week.
Wine salesman, $100 and up.
Experienced bus driver and runner, $30 fd.
Stentsgrapher, $15 and found.
Clothinjr saJeeman, $SO to $60.
2 drivers, liquor wagons, $60.
Yours men of rood address to take charge
of branch office- of a local conoern in San
Jore. Los Aneeles, Oakland, Ean Francisco,
Seattle. Sacramento, Vailejo and Napa. $10
v-eek and commission.
T&iloring e&leeman, $12 week and commis-
sion.
Surety bond man with executive ability,
$15O.
Salesman, office specialty, $20 week.
Young ram. glove salesmen behind counter,
*>*J to JS week to begin, no experience neces-
sary.
Advertising solicitor, medical directory, sal-
V>" *nd commission.
Al man. artUtic ability, pood salary.
Printer's balecman, $10 week and commis-
sion.
Cordial maker, $«O start
2 watrhmakfit and jewelers, engravers and
r»>E:Fi*Te<l opticians.
2 watrhmakers, city. $21 week.
4 watchmakers, country. $21 week.
Office clerk, take charge of corre«pond«ic«v
S V» to begin. '
Bojb, ?4 to $6 w*ek.
r*>9 HEARST BT.TX.PINO.
¦VCAVTEO — To-4_y, an American clerk of ex-
perience for dry goods department country
norr; first-class position; $75 a month; see
ironrlrtor In city. J. F. CROSETT _c CO.,
GT> Sacramento st > ,r ¦
WANTED — A Ftenographer snd typewriter for
first-cliiEs po*Uicn In city; $3 a day. See J.
F. CROSETT & CO., e2« Sacramento mu
WANTED — Six carpenters for country; all win-
•rr> Job; non-union men; 9 hours" work;
- st»s $3 a day; fare free of stay 2 months.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento et
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter. $3 day; dry
irnodfi pslemnan. country. $75; 6 bocse car-
p*-nters. country. $3 day; farmer and wife,
j.'.O and found; swamper, $40 and board:
jarkxerewer. $45 and board; dairyman, $40
and found: milker. $30 and found: farmers,
tl day or t '¦'•<* mor.th: blacksmith, $2 50 day;
private stableman. $50 and found, and others;.
J. F. CROSF.TT A CO., 62S Sacramento st
PERRY'S MERCANTILD~BUREAt^
. 606 Market st.. room 225. fifth floor.
Office hour*. II 1. m. tt 5:30 p. m.
Clerical Help Furnished Free to Employers.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
Ftencgrapher $15 we*k
Marajrer department rtore $25 week
Bill aad entry clerk $15 week
rvur clerk $12 -reek
OM*-kw $15 week
Timekeeper $15 week
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Crlleetor $15 week
Flow manager $1? week
Two shipping clerk* $14 week
General office work $15 week
Bark cierk fbond required) $25 week
Tounr man learn dentlrtry $10 week
806 Market «t. room 825. fifth floor.
AT~HORT> * SMITH. •
Contractors' Ag?ntj>. J>5 Third et
Granite stone cutter. $4 .V): south: 8 hour*,
ferprnter's helper. $2 60; near city: long Job.
_ boj-s for factory. $5; chance to iearn rood
tr«e»-
Yming man for store: $20 month: rood pros-
reets.
Riveters. £5c hour; country; boss here..
Man for dye work*. $15 to $20; experienced.
FR.ES FARE.
T»sm»ters. t2; new rs4!ro*d work.
20 mile* out; tesm-iern. $2; free fare.
Atnsdcr County: teamsters. $2.
Butte Orunty: laborers. $2.
AT~Ca1u "eMpTaGENCT. 14 8d" «T: phone
Bush 405.
FOR BIO LUMBER COMPANY.
SporA tender. *&): 1o«4*t, $*W and board.
Carr>*nter. city, «r: 50 a day.
Machine miner. $W>. California.
MAN »h- understands mllklr.g and butter-
mak!nc: wife to tend to poultry yard; pri-
vate place; country: $50 and found. AS-
I>nrS. 317 Ptwrktcn et.
V_ThotE_. GAZETTE. 2. Montf-ornery, r. 12.
!>!j-hwa*her. country r>«tel, _*25-_ _ _
BRIGHT young man. living with parents, for
whole* ale house: assistant to rtnek clerk:
pma!l v.'a*e» to r#r1n; good orportwnlty and
r rtvaftcerrerif : state age and reference*. Box
ruffll. Call office.
VAN~Tor~ private rtfaee: care of horses and
r-r-ipn: r.o rtrivlrg r>r Rvsrd-y wwk: Pnnta I
narfcara: reo-e.rate wage*, nox SC55. Call. .
"ARTT "with "TmatjTm-ur.t l0 take exclusive j
'¦r-unty rirM* for automatic trtndnw screen: j
»iro *<-!i t»rr1t-ry. IV)* SC15. Call office. .
v .'\NTnn — A No. 1 carpenter, old man. to
k«-»T» b-xiku and act as foremen In shop. Call
rtnra F.i_htr~r.th Ft.. n*ar Mission.
ftl SPIKED crwt'eir.an f or dramatic work; ex- J
tvr>nce.i nnt: also little child. Dox 107.
i«n? Market st. - ]
* MAX of indomitable «-nemy and push, a '.
«-<-"*l tulkrr. rmr-r t« make nwsr.ey. F. PER- j
PON. 4T7 s-«1 <T8. Parrctt building. j
''"ANTED— Tun t-»o_ hoys about 14 years old. j
Apply J. 3. OIUDHA CO.. 1(&* Market at j
¦"WTMATCERP f«r country. Apply REISS
r.rms.. 24 Putter »>t. ¦
"•ASTK!5 — n^y to drive butcher wagon: ex- .
Vrtonrzi. W^ McAlllrter *t _^ j
"XPEniCTCCJTD groccrr d*rV tvantWI. Ap-
ftr >-_rcrir.trn<l»nt'« office, the Emporium.
--r.r.GF.Tie. reliable men as city and coun-
try ajr-nts: etecdy portions. 247 Fifth st.
"" T - j>r.tM~nt Iron Works, Eirht-
_n_ Flcri«a ftii. {
"AN'TED— Tirrt-c^nB* iron rolllrc and black- j
« ¦'¦':*. T51 SfUwlnn st. j
"VaNTPD— A rtRn •a'rii*-r. Ht> I«aricln *t.
sear McAlti«rter.
"Ar..B-:r.P— T-ir*e-rhs!r rbcr at s bargain:
1 <aw't taitm ft. |ff«» Vtlenris »t.
Jir.--FinPT-CL.AfS «h«p: r"cd huvtne&s; 2
cr._Sr»; eld stand. 1541 MiisJon st. . J
\? EltP .."W^TSD— MALE— Continued, j
A— MURRAY & READY, 634 and C30 Clay st.
Phone Main 3S4S.
Leading Employnitntand Labcr Agents.
<«• »i>e_k the German, French, Italian,
.-camlmavian. Greek. Spanish. Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1 ??Z™ e Gav « 1804 We Hope to
f W),000 Men Work. Increase GO.0O0.
r, MINES COAL
&ILVER MINES COPPER
CacksmUh. placer mine, $eO fd.: carpenter,
nune, north. $CO fd.
COAL MINE,
STATE OF WASHINGTON.
1? -$° aI n >Jners, company guarantees $3 to
?J 1 5 day can be made; good accommoda-
tions; part fare refunded.
Porter, bakers, city. $8 week. -., ,'
3 bakers' helpers, city Jobs, $25 to $40 fd.
Plumber, city job. $< ?© $5 day.
10 carpenters, $3 to $4 day,
PLUMBERS.
« plumbers, fare paid, north. $1 day; 4 bench
hends; C cabinet -makers; 3 iron molders; see
»k>ss h»re. $.1 50 day; 2 brushmakers; 3 paper
hangvrs. cliy.
_MUURAY &. READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
10 LABORERS, near cltyr_te__y7~$2 day.
Stableman, country stable, $35 and found.
Baker's helper, city. $30 and found.
2 men to build fences by contract.
COOKS. WAITERS.
BUTCHERS. ETC.
German cook, country hotel. $50 and found.
6 other cooks. 5 waiters. 14 dlehwaahers, etc.
10 butchers, shops and Blaughter-bousea, $30
to $s0 and found. '
WOODCHOPPERS.
10 men to chop stovewood. north, good long
Job. fare $2 60, ?2 cord.
Handy man for ranch, $30 and found.
MARRIED?
Working foreman and wife for ranch, $60 fd.
Married farmer, no work for wife, $30 fd.
Farmer and wife. Oreron. $40 fd. I
— FARMS — DAIRIKS — I
80 plow teamsters, $30 to $35 and f d. ; 10 gen-
eral farmhands, $26 to $30 and fd.; 10
mllkere. city and country; 10 choremen and
choreboyg; boys for grocery stores, city Jobs:
boys for factories.
M _-'3 RAY _* READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BOOKKEEPER. COUNTRY STORE.
Middle-aged man to keep books and do sten-
ography.
MURRAY fc READY. 634-636 Clay st
_________
SPECIALS.
I CAMP COOKS.
Fir»t cook, company boardlng-houce, $50.
Second cook, same place. $40.
Second cook, city hotel, $45 fd.; camp
waiter. f20.
; STEWARD.
i Steward for officers* mess, large company, :
$o0 and found.
2 tinners, city, good wages; S errand boys,
$4 and $6 week.
Married farmer, no work for wife, see boss
her*.
Man and wife, man as cook, wife general
work, $50 and found, private place, city.
2 experienced foundry helpers, $2 25 flay.
S ITALIANS
to cut cord wood. 50c fare, good wages.
Working foreman, ranch, south, $35 to $40
and found.
Blackcmlth, country shop. $3 day.
CONFECTIONER.
Flrst-claes confectioner, city. $75 to $S5 fd.
FARE PAID OLD MEXICO.
Soapmaker for Old Mexico. $40 to (50 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
YOUNG man to address by typewriter.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at,
GOOD wages paid while learning trade to 1 cr
2 men furnishing references and $25 security:
fcte&dy position. Call this morning from S to-
12 at 212 First st.
BARBER wanted: good steady man. 168
Stevenson, cor. Third.
BARBER wanted evenings, Saturdays and Sun-
days; work to-day. 411 Devisadero Ft.
BARBER shop for sale; 6 chairs; established
15 years: 8 years' lease. 39% Turk st
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weefcs
required; only institution teaching the ton-
sortal art. Call or write for free catalogue.
Special offer. Mohler Barber College, 649
Eacamento et
WANTED — Experienced dress goods and silk
salesman to go to a city not far from San
Francteco. Apply between 9 and 11 a, m. at
HALE BROS.' ¦
LEARN the barber trade at Halrhfv; he
teacnes you In shops: the only practical
method; wages while learning; don't mix us
with fake barber colleges. 647 Commercial.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unckllled laborers, are Invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD &
SMITH, 95 Third et. San Francisco.
WANTED — 8tock «Jerk; wholesale dry goods
bouse; one with experience preferred; good
opportunity: state age, salary expected. Box
3986. Call office. ¦
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue glvin* particulars, . Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg., 1095 Market st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, R«no House proprietor, haa
Added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.: £50 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
FIRST-CLASS Jobbing plumber and roof re-
pairer: state wages and where last em-
ployed. Box 3S»81, Call office.
ELECTRICIAN wanted to work on half inter-
est; must have tools and b« flrst-claos all-
round. Stuger. S44 Kearny. bet. 6 and 7 p.m.
WANTED — Ordinary and able-bodied seamen.
THOMAS MURRAY. Shipping Agent. 610
Davis st
FOR sale — Fonr-chair barber shop; fine loca-
tion; good laundry office; rent $15; part
cash: time. 827 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
silverware and Jewelry salesman. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m.-at HALE BROS.'
BARBER chop; B chairs; finely fitted; In
lively nearby town; a rood money-maker.
STOLTZ. Barber Supply House, 723 Market
WANTED— Men to fill 850 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattress, electric
light In every room. 681 Howard «t
S. F. Barber College. 741 Howard st, wants all
young men to know that It has the finest
equipped school west of St Louis; red. rates.
GET your choes hilf-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc. 563 Mission st., bet 1st and 2d sts..
er 11 Third et. Examiner building.
TRY our men'* shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form sho«s. $2 50; we pay express
chargw. 11 3d st. Exam. bld.;open till 9 p.m.
WANTED — Card writer for an out-of-town
•tore; slate experience. Apply box 8387. Call.
6 SINGLE hand miners, $3; S hours' day; 2
years' Job. Independent Offl-e. 612 Merchant
MEN to learn the detective profession. 997
Market st. room 104.
$125— BARBER shop for sale; 2 revolving
chairs. 1034 Market_st
MAN wanted to e«ll gt**3« to saloon trade. Ap-
ply E. COLEMAN. 1824 Market st.
FOR eale — OH- established 2-chalr barber shop;
low rent; good locality. 2403 Folsom st. j
FOrT-ale— O'd~estab. barber shop. Apply at
Trosfs Barber Supply Co.. 308 Mason st
I'LOY/ fitter wanted. Benlcia Iron Works, 619
Mission st. Ban Francisco. , '
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Bush
»t.. third floor, room 4. . "
FOR »ale — A bargain: two-chair barber shop;
eiurt go East 1608 Devisad«ro st.
WILL teach one young man the barber trade;
paid while learning. 761 Mission st
i SAILORS and ordlnarr seamen for all parts of
the world at IIERMAN'g. 26 Steuart st.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 min.,73c.
1 SAILORS «r,d young men <green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st
: LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Lew and Adjustment CQ..-328 Montgy.. r. 415.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls. r. 40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Oo. H. Thomas Post, O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
jeet 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. • .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ' at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church «u.
AT LTiwi men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E03 Mission st. txt. 1st ar.d 2d sts
HOUSES TO LET. i
i-TpRlVTEI) list of houses to let; »end for clr-
TuUtr: G H. UMBSKN * CO.". 20 Montgomery
MAHY. 20. near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms,
double parlors; rent (25. , '.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call,
\t\ nayer. in wrapper, for nialUns. $1 per year
HOUSES rURNISHEP— rOR SALE.,
12-ROOM house; rent $40. JSltf McAllister
"street
QUALITY"40-CENTCOFFEFTO SMALL AD PATR0N&5UNDAY-FREE_ D. W. C, \ GasklU to James D.' Wkltney. lot
on E line of . Fourteenth avenue. 181 . N of C
street. :N 146. E 12:3..SE 146. W. 14; also lot
•ommenclnc 83 E of Fourteenth avenae and
! • Henry L. and , Charlotte G. Kummer to
Thomas .T. Lydon. lot on E line of Sanchez
atreet. 20:6 N of Valley. N 25 by E iftO: $10
Charles A., Georjre H. and William M.?PrJ"-«
and Amelia F. Jordan . to El Ira Price. , lot on
S line of : Vallejo street. 101 :6 E of Sansome
B 25 by S 80: $10.
Same to Mary G. Garan. lot on W l(n« of
York street. 26O N of Twenty- fourth. N 26 by
W 10O;,S -.
C. Ewald and Mattle K. Grunsky to Sarah
C Diamond (wife of Nathan), lot on K lln«
of Clay street, 56:3 W of Broderick. W 25 by
N 105; $10.
Eliza, Jules and Cora Rive to Philip Rive.
lot on S lUie of California street. 156:3 W- of
Baker. W 25 by S 137 :6 and all Interest In es
tate of Robert V. Rive; a-lft. t
Wlillam and Ada ' Havard. John E. ' and
Margaret C. Hill to Jsmts H. and Ellen L.
CahlU. lot on S line of Sacramento street. 163
W of Laurel. W 27:6 by S 132:7U: $10.
Georje. W. H. • and Helen M. Patterson to
Nora M. Sullivan, lot on W line of Guerrero
street. 244. S of Twenty- first. S 32 by W 117:6;
?10. '
Charles W. Troyer to Agne» E. Troyer, lot
on S llne of Twentieth street. 130 E of Castro,
B'25 by S 114. rescninc life estate; rift.
City and County, of San Francisco to John
N. Grotyohn, lot on W line of AUbama street.
260 S of Twentieth. S 26 by W 100: $ .
Norman Parrish estate to Edwin C. Younsr.
lot on S line of Green street. 137:6 W of Scott.
W 102:6 by S 137:6; $10,250.
Mrs. E. J. Root and Mrs. William Plunkett
to same, lot on S line of Green street. 137:6
W of. Scott. W 102:6 by S 137:6; $10.
David F. Walker to Adeline Mills, lot on
SE corner of Union and Webster streets. E
110 by S 100; $10.
Estate of Gilbert Clements ,(by David F.
Walker and A. C. Barry, executors) to same,
lot on SE corner of Webster aad Union streets,
E 110 by S 100: $3750.
City and County of San Francisco to Carl
Von Der Mehden. lot on S line of McAllister
street. 169 E of Fillmore. E 25 by S 137:6;
Elizabeth C. Merrill to Pierce Rodolph Stor
age Company, lot on N line of Eddy street,
15.1:8 W of Webster, W 63 by N 137:8; $10.
Margarita B. May ,to William C. Pavey. lot
on N llne of Union street, 37:6 W of Pierce.
W 25 by N 110; $10.
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 28.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
1?°.. N °*. C rtr «*. N 177 by E 35; also lot on
John J. and Almee Burns to William W
H ,*?^ ck .' Iot on S Un « °' J««ey street. 200 B
of Douglass, E 20 by 3 114; $10. »» «w *¦
T J \ h.% Alfred «»«* Clara E. Ronco-ricrl to
J^ 1 ." U l e -J°\ cn X llne of California sWt?
117:8 E of Stockton. E 20 by N 60- no
i . H *' nrl JT tt t. 8 - Luciui *° E - Florence, Bayer.
foo 0 - n $io reet> TO sw of Second - 8W =3 »>y SB
Jacob Heyman Company to Estelle Haro
wltz. lot on W line of Twenty-sixth av.n .«
175 S of West Clay street. S 25 by W 1*0- «0
„ Same to Janette A. Hammond, lot on W
line of Twenty- sixth avenue. 150 3 of West
Clay street. S 25, by W 120; $10
Jennie F. and Georce E. Plummer to S.
Sims lot on W line of Flftaenth avenue 2fH>
N of Point Lobos avenue. W 120 by N 2V rlftl
i. Pau i i eenlck . e *°L Emin » Jeenlcke. lot on W
line of Forty-eighth avenue. 20O N of K straet
N 12:6 by W 12O: $10. street.
Robert and Christine V. McMillan to Walter
Mohns, lot cn E line of Forty-seventh avenue
10O S of J street, S 23 by E 120- $10. u *'
r , F £* t lr Na I tl f >nal Bank of Oakland to Andrew
G. Clark, lot on E line of Forty-first avenue
125 S of K street. E 120 by 8 25- $lo a ' enue '
Solomon and Dora Get* to Clarence S. Boden
and H. Arthur, lot on N line of L street 57*3
Vi of Forty-seventh avenue. W 25 by.N ioi»;
m *¥****« E. Corbin to Continental
ot $i 4 o: wock T - ™»&&&x
Eame to name, lot cn X line of Minerva
street, loo E of Plymouth avenue F7-fT,»
TlO. 100 ' l0t 4> blOCk T> Homestead'
Continental Buildtn? and Loan AsaooUtirn
to Lucinda Moran (wife of t F) M
line of Minerva street. 175 E or Plymouth e
25 by N 125. lot 4. same: $10. yinnuth ' E
Same to Grace B. Rlddock. lot on N line of
Z m E of Plymouth. E 75 by
r^,i« 1' S I( ?k T^ «*""»<» Homestead: $iri:
Charles and Abraham Rosenstern to LeonoM
Welnsteim lot on W line of San Bruno wnu/.
50 N of Burrows street. N 50 by W 100 block
3. University Mound; $10.
Charles W. and Carrie Johnson to Samuel
and Nora Kiner, lot oa S lino «f bum.»j
avenue. 200 W of South .venuT. W 23 by^
10J. iot 19 block 5. Holly Park; $10. T
Mary and William J. Slattery to Oeorra
Ry»n. lot on NE line n f Tlldeii «rr.-t. SsTsr
of South Broderick. SE 32 by NE 1^0 lot 12
block 8. Flint Tract Homestead: MO
«5?.. non to John and E<5 » Slnblom. lot
SW 25 by EE 70. lot 265. *tft map 3; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
xr£.\J£;» an 2 Hi.. 0 " ?* nCTO « (owners) with
Mangrum & Otter (contractors), architects
Cunnln 3 ham & Pollteo— Tllln K for a seven
?^ r^, br!c) J. bulldln!r on S Ilne ot Sutter street
ir.l) E of van Nesa avenue. E 68:0 by S 120;
. William Glselman. trustee (owner), with
Jamea F. Losan (contractor), architect E. L.
Malibary— All work except concrete founda
tion for a brick warehouse on 3 Hr\p of Oaek
•oo, street 65 W^ of Davis. W 35 »y S 120:
Black But te.. 18 —I Paymaster ... 03 04
Blue Bull M. 2S — I Pine Grove ..11 —
Booth M Co» 10 — Qulncy 11 —
Diamondfleld. 43 — Ray Exten .. — 08
Esperanza ... ,01 02 Ray & O'Brien 06 —
Gold Anchor. 14 25 Ray Ton .... — 14
Goldfleld B Bl — 20 Red Top 14 13
Goldfield BAB — 14 Rescue 10 11
Goldfleld Dmd — 20 Sandstorm ... 29 —
Goldfield Mln 45 46 Ton Belmont.. 71 73
Goldfleld SPk. — 18! Ton & Cal .. — 20
Goldfleld Ton. — 111 Ton Exten ..1 50 1 75
Gold Mt Con. — 021 Ton & Gt W. — 02
Hazel Kirk .. — 12 Ton Gold Mt. 17 18
Jim Butler .. — 60[Ton Midway.. 37 33
Jumbo 52 —I Ton of Ner.9 25 9 62%
Jumbo Ex .. 17 —I Ton N Star... 17 —
Little Ton ..25 — Utopia 10 — .
Lucky Tom.. — 10 West End ... 11 14
MacNaraara. . 29 ¦ 30
Continued From Pace Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 26. A'
Washington special to the Telegram
says: The Secretary of the Interior
to-day directed that 153,000 acres oC
land In the Joseph River forest reserve
In Eastern Oregon be restored to set
tlement and be opened to entry after
ninety days' advertisement.
Land to Be Opened In Oregon.
Mrs. Muenter prepared to file an
amended complaint in which all the
charges should be specific, and at that
stage, it is asserted, the defense made
a proposition to compromise in the
matter of settling the property right*.
STOCKTON. Oct. 26. — The property
interests in the Muenter dhrorce case
are in course of settlement. It is un
derstood that Mrs. Sluenter is to re
ceive one-third of the property of her
husband^ State Senator A. E. Muenter.
which is assessed for $109,000 in round
numbers. Mrs. Muenter brought suit
for divorce and for a share of the
property several weeks ago. A short
time afterward Muenter demurred to
the complaint on the ground that one
of the counts against him was not a
specific charge. The demurrer was
sustained.
Reported That State Senator Will Ef
fect a Compromise With
His Wife.
3IRS. 3IUENTER TO GET THIRD
• OF HER HUSBAXD'S PROPERTY
Later Huntington began again to agi
tate the construction of the proposed
cut-off and had the matter under con
sideration when death summoned him.
It was revived by General Manager
Kruttschnitt. With the completion of
the cut-off and the plans for a new
steel bridge across the bay at Dum
barton Point and a new terminal yard
at Mission Bay the Southern Pacific
Company will be in a position to handle
freight which since the opening of the
coast division has grown to such pro
portions as to cause an almost constan-s
blockade at Oakland, where great dif
ficulty is experienced in handling the
rolling stock.
Erickson & Peterson, who built the
Chatsworth Park branch of the South
ern Pacific, the Hazen tunnels In Ne
vada and did considerable work on Sen
ator Clark's road, have the contract
for the cut-off, and their representative
stated yesterday that they expect to
have about 2000 men with teams em
ployed on the new work In a few weeks.
The construction work was first sug
gested to the late Collls P. Huntington
in 1890, at the time of the starting of
the big abattoir of the Armour-Swift-
Morris combine of Chicago packers,
whose scheme was to establish them
selves near San Francisco, where they
would be able to force their meat pro
ducts on the local population In com
petition with the California meat men,
and also give the people of this city
a more expeditious service. The plans
of the Chicago meat magnates, how
ever, were abandoned.
Work on the Southern Pacific Com
pany's bay shore cut-off was begun in
South San Francisco yesterday morn-
Ing:. A large gang of men was sent to
the quarry three miles east of camp
No. 1. where the necessary material is
to be taken out for the new line, which
will diverge from the present main line
at South San Francisco station and ex
fend in a southeasterly direction, cross
ing: the slough near the packing-houses
of the Western Meat Company at Point
San Bruno. Some heavy work is to bo
done in that locality, and in conse
quence a complete construction outfit
is to be installed there.
The tunnels to be bored will b* double
tracked." They are to be five Jn num
ber. Tunnel No. 1. east of South San
Francisco, will be about 5000 feet in
length and will be brick-arched, a con
tract for 100.000.000 brick having been
awarded. The building of the cut-off
will come as a relief to the present sys
tem, particularly in that it will over
come several steep grades in the neigh
borhood of the Mission.
Although a Hard Job the
Contractors Are Prepared
for an Early Completion
WILL EMPLOY 2000 HEX
Big Undertaking in South
San Francisco Is Finally
Started by E. II. Harriman
COMMENCE WORK
ON SHORE LINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALi; THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, 190JT.
12
JBOOMS^rm aQUSEgEEPHTG— Con.
24TH, 33G5, nr. Mission — 2 nicely furn. co'nnec.
rms., $15; also 2 email unf urn., $5, gas, yrd.
WASHINGTON, 1419 — Two sunny furnished
rooms, with piano; light housekeeping; $16.
APABTMENT HOUSES.
CT. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson— Marine view; S-4-*
rooms; furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. East 1354.
BOOMS TO LET — Furn. anfl Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 'The Almonte," 873 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c, 50c, $1. $1 50nJght;
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all nighL
BELMOND house; over Owl' drug store; 2 en-
trances, 1 120 Market and 21 Turk — Electrlo
lights; running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 60c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA. 1424— Large, sunny rooms, well
furnished, hot and cold water, gas, phone,
bath; suitable for 2 gentlemen or for gentle-
man and lady: other rooms.
CLEMENTINA, 320— Room to rent unfur-
nished.
EDDY. 210— Sunny, front suite; also double
and single rooms; private; terms moderate.
ELLIS, 611 — Newly furnished, sunny rooms;
$2 to $5 week; first-class, quiet; bath.
ELLIS, 1130^ — Handsomely furnished room;
suitable for 1 or 2; board If desired.
FRANKLIN. 721— Sunny furnished front room;
$10; all conveniences.
GEARY. 1225 — Large bay-window sunny room
for gentleman; modern, convenient; only $12.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 3Co
to $1 25 night; $1 80 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847., opposite Jefferson
Square — Furnished rooms, suite or single.
GRANT, 7 — Nicely furnished, sunny suite; also
single rooms; $2 60 to $7 week.
HAWTHORNE, 8 — Large front room to rent.
HOWARD, 737% — Furnished rms.; good loca-
tion; also come housekpg rms.; very reu.
HOWARD, 715 — Large runny rooms at ipw
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 2032— For doctor or dentist, an ele.
_gant parlor suite with bath; private.
j JESSIE, 303, east U. S. Mint— Nicely furnished
rooms, double bed, $10; single rooms, $5.
I KEARNY, 305, cor. Bush — Nicely furnished
rooms; also housekeeping rooms and bath.
LANGTON. 21%, between Sixth and Seventh—-
To let. furnished room with water.
LARKIN, 1038 — Single, sunny, front room.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 128 Third st. — 400
tingle and family rooms 35o to $1 50 per day,
$2 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hetel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator rervlce day and night to its guests.
MARKET, 719 — Front suite rooms; newly ren-
ovated; prices reasonable.
MARKET, 917 — Nicely furnished rooms to let.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator.
MINNA. 559A— Furnished rooms; adults.
OAK. 42. near Van Ness ave. and Market st. —
Furnished sunny front parlor to let; rent
reasonable; German family. »
PINE. 2766 — Sunny bay-window, 7 rooms and
bath; house completely furnished; yard;
basement: reasonable.
; _^ ;
PINE. 1300. corner Hyde — Sunny corner suite;
bath, phone.
POLK, 1820— Newly furnished, sunny, front
bedroom with bath; reasonable.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room.' smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH. 143 — Furnished rooms to let with
housekeeping privileges. . . ....
ST. REGIS, Hyde and Ellis— New house, new
furnishings; fresh and clean; hot and .cold
water; baths; everything f»anitary; elevator
service; If sunshine and cleanliness is an ob-
ject fee these rooms; $3 per week up. • i
STEVENSON. 620— Sunny front furnished room
to let; cheap.
SUTTER. 717 — Sunny rooms, back or front;
grate, running water: 8 minutes to town.
TAYLOR, 21— Elegant front suites and single;
hot water; steam heat; elevator; $20-$30 mo.
TAYLOR, 24G — Nicely furnished room for two
gentlemen. " .
TAYLOR. 624, near Sutter— Sunny, front, bay-
window room; $12.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVF.NWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY Tin?
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SAN1TAUY HAIR MATTRESSES, BATHS,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
_ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmcnt. 361 Sutter— New brick bldg.,
finely furnished; hot, cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 50 to $5 per week.
THIRD, 415B — Rooms, en suite • and single,
$1 50 per week; modern flat; bath, laundry.
TWENTY-NINTH, 325— Sunny room.
UNITEdTtATES, i23~Eddy. near Market— 400
rooms 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevatGr, read. -room; free bus, baggage.
WALLER, CO, near Market — Large bay-window
front room; one or two gentlemen; $3 week.
WASHINGTON. 704— Furnished rooms to let.
WEBSTER. 1352— Sunny furnished front room.
' suitable for gentlemen.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
.t."c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, ccr. Sixth ! and ¦ Howard — Choice
furnished rooms for 15o per night up; ele-
gant transient rooms, 50o per night. -
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church st».
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m..-
BOOKS AXTD BO ABO.
ST. GEORGE. 1618 Washington; -Just open;
handscme, newly furnished, sunny suites; pri-
vate baths: single rooms; modern conven-
iences; excellent table board; reasonable rates.
LADY offers ' comfortable board ; and room for
$S month in return for light duties.' 1433
Eighth ave., Sunset District, city.' ' '«
COMMODIOUS room, suitable for two gentle-
men, with breakfast and dinner. $40 per
month. 1254 Eddy st.
BOARD and room; private family. 330 Te-
hama st. . ' . : ;
CHESTNUT. 260— Large sunny room' with
beard. JbISBHMHHBBSBMH
COMORA, 621 O'Farrell— Deeirable rooms;
Just " vacated: sunny; - large grounds; - board.
HOWARD. 841 A— First-class board and room,
single or double. $5 week; American family.;
O'FARRELL, . 011 — Nicely furnished rooms, en
suite or single. . .. :
TWO adjoining rooms suitable for 2 or 3 men,'
with or without board. 400% • Natorna ; st.".: .
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church~ annex.
807 California — See rms. learn prices, try table.
WANTED — Two young gentlemen to room and
board; reasonable. ' 429A Ellis st. ?
VAN : NESS. 700— Sunny > front? alcove suite;
modern conveniences; . home j cooking. ,
VAN NESS • ave.. 008 — Large sunny : room for
; two. with board. :, . :. ,, . • ,
R00M8WAirTZa>;
TWO : sunny, furnished: up-to-date rooms ; for
man and .wife; state price or : no ' attention
will be paid to 'answer. Box 1 3632, Call. > -.•
WANTED— One ' furnished ' housekeeping . room;
.\ $4 month; any location.: Box 3891, .Call.. ¦
WE shall' close our:: retail '< office ; at! 300 Post
'¦'¦ st. - Nov.- 1; "- we : have ; a lot • of • new v White
sewing machines - that are . slightly : shopworn
that- we shall positively sell at half prica
or. less. before removal; -our new retail office
¦ Is located at 915 i Market st. • White ' Sq wine
;. : Machine. Co. ¦• . -¦ - ¦i.r-.l --I ..: ;v.. ,-.-,*
DOMESTIC-^-The machine ; t or : family use f bsst
Is cheapest ; : second-hand : all . makes fat- any
price ; * all ; kinds : rented ; lowest r rates.v Domea-
.. tic ; office, , 1021 Market st.;' near ¦ Sixth. t
ALL ¦" kinds •* second-hand ? - $3,': $5," , $3;. slightly
used $10,i$15, $20;. you know where the dolls
swing- In : the . window. 1051 Market sf - •
A— EMPORIUM^SS^KT&^Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods frSsrid, moved, shlped. 725-
731 Howard st-SJ nr. phone Grant 181.
CAPITAL Van 'and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prt. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S : Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333- Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 120.
GOLDEN WEST Storare; advances made. 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. 1 . W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Farniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
¦t.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
t BTHCXAX. HOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st., San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half
orphan girls from July 1 to Oct. 1. 1904:
Louise Carmenita, aged 9 years; Evelyn C.
Nielsen, aged 7 years; Saturnlna Martin,
aged 10 years; Delores Martin, aged 7 years;
Emma B. Baird,. aged 3 years 6 months;
Ruby Karl, aged 7 years 8 months; Zina
Romley, aged 1 year 2 months; Bessie Tur-
. ner, aged 7 years; Edna Turner,- aged 6
years; Grace Turner, aged 3 years 9 months.
SOCIAL \
TROLLKY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here; a chance to make merry; cosy dance
hall and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardens, Ocean Beach terminal of electrlo
car linen. Make arrangements at room 211.
Muirhead building. Market and Larkln sts.
STOPJOBIXTKIWO. _^
GUARANTEED cure; send BOc; tablet form
mailed in plain package: has cured thou-
sandg. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward b!dg..S.F.
—HTS?^?^ 153^^ 1^ STJPPlillJS.
AN exceptionally "good No. 1 ) 2; Remington," Nal
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
2I^, H , AND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspac Co.. 508 Market.
¦vTATTT.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
•£°T m ?r, tr .S atment : booklet free; write for It.
VIAW CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
gBOPOSAItS.
U^VERSITY of CalifomiarBerkeiey— Notice
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men:
.i • J 8 hereb y Siven that eealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for an addition to the
Harmon gymnasium, on the grounds of the
University of California, at Berkeley, Cal.,
and said bids will be received at the office
Z , Regents, South Hall. Berkeley, at or
Sf'Ore !2 o'clock noon of November 6, 1904.
No bids will bo considered unless accompa-
nied by a certified check or bond of bidder in
favor of the Regents of the University of
km 7?L a> e , q « ual t0 ten (10) per cent of his
bid, with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said bid be accepted the bidder will duly
enter into a proper contract and give bond
faithfully to perform the duty and obligations
in accordance with said bid and with the
plans and specifications which are hereby re-
quired to be a part of such contract. The
right to reject any or all bids Is hereby re-
eerved. By order of the Committee oa
Grounds and Buildings of the Board of Re-
gents. V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secre-
SALE— Office of the Depot Quartermaster. 39
s/nT ont S2 eiy q 8 i" J 8a » Francisco. Cal..
Sept. 28. 1904. Sealed proposals. In tripli-
cate, wiir be received at this office until
10 a. m.. October 28, 1904. and then opened,
for the purchase of damaged Khaki Cloth-
ing, viz. : 122.666 coats, 109.049 trousers,
foot. 1112 trousers, mounted, samples ot
which can be seen at this depot. Further
information and blank proposals will be fur-
niehed on application. Envelopes contain-
In? proposals should be marked. "Proposals
for Khaki Clothing," to be opened Oct 28
1904. and addressed to Major C. A. DEVOL.
Q. M.. U. S. A.. Depot Q. M.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., October 25 1904 —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. November
9, 1904, and then opened for completing cer-
tain items of construction, plumbing heat-
ing and gasflttlng In new brick ' hosp'ital at
Fort McDowell. California. In accordance
with plans and specifications. Government
reserves the right. to reject or accept any or
all bids in .whole . or in part. Information
furnished on application to WM. S. PATTEN
Assistant Quartermaster General. Chief Quar-
termaster.
STTJTTEItlM-Q AND STASCMEBXKO.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van^ss~and "Market*
cures; estab. in 8. F. 4 yra. Hours 1 to 0 p. m.
-MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Samuel H. Allkire, 57, Eoquel. and Phoebe
Salrs. 41. Capitola.
Andrew E. Kasmussen, 30, 614% Brannan
Rtreet. and Dena A. Nelson, 29, 4010 Nine-
teenth street.
Charles Noone, 25. 1210 Nineteenth street,
and Susan McLefferty. 21. 976 Minnesota st.
Frank Rehdorf. 21; 1035 Mission street, and
Josephine Oetjwis, 21, 2GU3 Mission street.
William L. Miller, 3"», 182S Hyde street, and
Marcella 11. Byn?, 2«. 36 Bourbon Dlace.
George R. Hutches, -21, 420 Eddy stret, and
Pearl Anrys, 21. 037 Buchanan street.
John H. Curran, 2C, Pinole, and Theresa R.
Sllvas. 'Mi. Pinole. . ;,
Dario Cavolletti. 25. 27 Vandewater . street,
and Filomena Barsotti, 25, 27 Vandewater Bt.
Fra-nk H. Sharp. 30. 200 Golden Gate avenue
and Johanna A. Williams, 22, 314A O'Farrell'.
Lulgl Galletta. 24, 805 Buchanan street, and
Glovannina Gluffrc, 18, 2103 Mission street.
Otto Peuser, 21. C26 Hayes street, and Liz-
zie T. Merritt. 21. U26 Hayes street.
Clyde C. Griffin, 25. 3324 Twenty-flrst street
and Kstellc Schmndeke. 20. Angels Camp.
Donald McMillen, 22, 713 Oak street, and
Jowphine Scully, 22, :523 Taylor street.
Harry L. Place, 33, Caledonia, N. Y., and
Dora Campbell 33, city.
Owen Sharkey, 29, 25 Folsom str«et, and
May Green. 21. 83 ClementJna street. >
George F. Cluff Jr., 30, ti22 Hayes street, and
Ada M. Mooney, 34, 622 Hayes street.
Henri Dlederichs. 25. 417 Bush street, and
Susaiuia Burgund. 23, 101 O'Farrell street.
Walter L. Funk, 28. 10.15 Mission street, and
Annie Cetjens, 24, 2G93 Mission street.
Thomas Cocking. 30, Wlnthrop, and Maria
It. Belk, 30, Wlnthrop.
Eugene^ B. Phlppe. 21, 1133 Clay street, and
Ida H.Wilson, 24, 1006 Clay street.
Panl E. Burnham, 21, Berkeley.- and Carrie
M. Macltlin. 18. 2021 Golden Gate avenue.
Leo H. Hoover. 23, 848 Fourteenth street,
and Annie ' A. Lacey, 18. 200 Twenty-second.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage "and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame - published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published. once In this column
free of charco. ¦ •
BORX. .
MARKLE— In this city, October 17, 1004, to
the wife of W. Markle. a son.
MARRIED.
ALLKIRE-^-SAIRS — In this city, Octoaer 26,
~ 1901, by the Rev. • J. H. Schroeder, Samuel
H. Atlklre of Soquel and Mrs. Phoebe 8alrs
of Capitola.
BRISTOL— BEACH— In this city, October 25.
1U04, by the Rev. George W. White pastor
of Central M. E. Church. William II. Bris.
. tol and Hannah Beach, both of San Fran-
cisco.
DEAN— BLASE— In this. city. October 26.
1904. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church, Ben-
jamin L. Dean of this city and Mamie A.
Blaeo of Ancel Island.'
NELSSON— OLSSON— In this city. October 20,
1WM. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor
of the T First English Lutheran Church. Gott-
fred L. NeUson . and Elsie Olsson, both of
Oakland. Cal. ...
SWASEY— EISEN— In this city, October 22,
1004, by. the Rev. P. Antonio. ; C. W. Swasey
; and Miss Adelaida C. Elsen. both of this
¦ city. • - :
DIED.
Bellls, Barbara B. McDonald, Julia W.
Bils. Minnie McCarthy, Charles
- Carter, John Turtln Mohr, Elizabeth
Cary, Grace Mary: Nlstlsan, > Peter
Chedlc, Marguerite • Olsen,: Edward '
Co ett, ¦ Harry G. ¦[. Pape. Catherine
Collier, Hattie E. Renner. Margarethe
Cooper,, Sobrina " Rhodes. R. R.
-. Cronin, Cornelius, Riedl, Alois L.
Dean. Andrew J. Riordan. Edward
I vaz.Louis _ Rohan, Charles
Fllnk, a Brita H. Rossi, Minnie
I ¦¦-: Ford Augustus. ,. r Ruisinger, Annie M.:
; Harris, -George . Schwabacher.Babette
Hayes. Isabelle . / Echwegat," Mrs." G.H.-
Hoffman. Bernard * Shannon, (infant)
; Hynes. * Bridgets .... Shaughnessy, Wm.
. Irvine, • Mrs. Emily . Stoddard. Sarah A
.' Jones. < Van Cullen : Turton - Harry
Kennedy. John f \ Upton, . A: Celestia
Locke. George K. Waldron. Edward L.
. . Martin, : Cornelius Walter/ Rudolph W.
BELLIE— In - this , city,- October 26,- 1904.
' -Barbara Bain, -.beloved wife of the late Henry
:¦ BelllsA and *- mother - 1 of i Elizabeth, : John w O., i
¦ "James - H.'p G. •: and ; Florence - E.V Bellls,\ Mrs.
W. ¦ Hohn - and ; Mr*.\ David " F. v Hamoton of
St.' Helens, a and grandmother * of ¦ Dorothea
Barbara and Florence Hilda Hohn. a native
BEA1 EBTATrE — CITY — TCSt SAI.B.
cuudit saleI
IMPORTANT TO HOMESEEKKF.S.
HJMiX-KTANT TO HOMESKEKKHS.
We Will Offer at
AUCTION
AUCTION
AT OUR SALESROOM.
20 MONTGOMERY BT..
20 MONTGOMERY ST..
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 29. 1904.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 23. 33XH.
AT 1 O'CLOCK P. M-.
¦ t2 BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE LOTS
22 BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE LOTS
As Per Diagram.
DON'T MISS THTS OPPORTUNITY.
DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY.
_J I i L
130 STREET-
0 ; "STj 42 ; ft S5 « Us* S5
17 IS 19 20 21 a 23 21
§ I 1 I I §
S^_J! « as r
2 * « « 8 «
S 8 " z» s sq K
I 3__» « a s
* 'i__J± 3< 8 £
S 100 I 32 109 S$
I'M I I I |2
1 2. 3 4 S 17 8
___, 25252525 25252S25
— c *" u *« 2*TM STREET ?.*? y«
ONLY ONE-THIRD CASH.
ONLY ONE-THIRD CASH.
Balance Can Remain for L 2 or 3 Years
At SIX Per Cent.
STREETS SEWERED.
STREETS SEWERED.
21TH-ST. CARS PASS THE PROPERTY.
24TH-ST. CARS PASS THE PROPERTY.
Property adjacent Is building up very rapidly.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com-
pany will receive applications for policies of
insurance on each lot for the nominal sum of
IT.'--.
FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS'.
Apply to
O. H. UMBSEN * CO..
•-¦' MONTGOMERY ST.
ALL work guaranteed first cia>s by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. SW Howard st. j
SAW SEATEO HEAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo electric
cais. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.:
outside the fog belt and Just beyond where
the fi. P. Co.'s bay shore '•cutoff" will Join
the main line; £0-foot lots from $100 up;
terms only $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
and water pipe* In front of every lot; pure
artesian well water; 175 lots sold since
AugUfct 1: an exceptional opportunity to ee-
cure a lot in this desirable section; take the
electric cars and get off at "LOMITA
PARK" and investigate: maps sent on ap- \
' plication.
fcELBY. RODGER? & CO..
Tel. Main 673. 116 California st.
REAI. ESTATE — COTTSTBY — For Said.
FOR SALE. I
The Potter ranch, three miles north o(
Nara, liss been subdivided into 15 blocks,
rtr-ging from 10 to SO acres each: this ranch
Is nicely located Jn the center of Napa V«J-
".»:•". near a gtod school, and is offered for
rale at the low price of $65 to $30 per acre
by Nspa and San Francisco Real Estate
Co.. 25 North Main et.. Napa. Cal.
EAL2 or exchange fw city property; sacrifice ;
Hi acres, Nara Co.; CO acn»» In cultivation;
fruit, vines and grain; fully equipped and
paying: beautiful place: gentleman's horn*.
8HADBURNE. 405 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION. HOMEEEEKERS!
Send portal for catalogues of the best land
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
648 Market st. |
tSOOO WILL secure a large tract of land that
1s wcith four tim»» the amount asked; must
fee rolS before November 1; a chance to make
a fortune: positively no riak. Box 2702. Call.
FOR sale or lease — Nearly 5 acres, all Im-
proved, house, etc. E. A. HUSING. Fourth
ave. and B St.. San Mateo.
FOR rood Government lands inquire 305 Lar-
kin st.. room 40. near City Hall.
KEAX. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CLEAK Oakland, Berkeley or & F. property
for ranches. J. H. EDSON. 14-..5 Bacon
Mock. Oakland.
ALA-ilEDA ADVERT'SIFTS
ALAKEDA EEAL ESTATE.
READY for occupancy; a new 6-room cottage;
lot 50x1 OS; f> be sold this week. See owner.
J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park gt.. Alarneda.
BERKELEY ADYERT ? S'NTS
SEBKEI.ET BEAI. ESTATE.
— $X500—
A CHOICE hone cr. Delaware rt.. Berkeley; 3
roctns and br.th; lot 40si:;5; new and modern:
runny exposure; fine view; essy terms of
peyment if desired; uo trouble to chow prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.),
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenta St..
Oakland.
»150 DOWN.
To close out my holdings In Golden Gate and
sear Achby station, on the Key route. I will
•ell lots and build small homes on your own
plans for only $150 down.
M. I.. WURTS & CO.. 1323 Broadway, op-
posite PoftofSce. V
BEBgEUT EOTTSES TO I»ST.
FOR rent — In desirable residence section of
Berkeley, house of 9 rccins. porcelain bath,
storeroom; stable and chicken-house; 3 blocks
from Berr;man station. 5 block? I run Berke-
ley and 4i from entrance to university; 2025
Virginia St.. between Shattuck and Mil \-U;
newly palntel and papered throughout; rent
$35; will not be rested to , tenants who let
housekeeping roomc. Apply 20 Montgomery
st.. room P. San Francisco, or LITTLE &
WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck are.. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE APVERT'S'TS
FBPrTVAXE BE AX ESTATE.
M. C. GIBSON. Phone Vale: 290.
Two-story 7-room bouse; lot 60x123;. front-
- ing on two street r; house piped for gas and
electricity; 2 toilets, polished floor and a
strictly n.ortern house throughout; 2 new
ranscs, stair carpet ; and front room carpet
.goes wixb plsce; situated In . beet part cf
town; price J.1CG0.
M. C. GIBSON. 1326 Frultvale ave..
Near East Fourteenth st. .
FOR eale— S2750: It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot,; 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.,
£&st Oakland.
FRUIT VALE ADVEBT ? S ? TS
gEAl ESTATE.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. .
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
, Office one-half block from Fruitvale station.
*1OCO— Cozy 5-room cottage, bath, pantry,
I reception hall; chicken houses and yard; abun-
dance of flowers, nice vegetable garden and
lruit trtes; beautiful lot; fine view of moun-
tains and bay; 2 blocks to electric cars; close
to fine echool; lot Mxl22; terms if Wanted.
This Is a «nap.
$2200 — Modern, ju*t completed. 5-room colo-
nial cottage: large bathroom; patent toilet;
porcelain tub; Tennessee marble washstand; all
open nickel plumbing: large pantry; linen
dra'A-ert>: fine mantel; electric fixtures: 1 block
to Fruitvale ave.; 2 streetcar lines close by;
connected tvith the sewer; lot 50x123 ; sur-
rounded by neat fence; only $200 cash required,
balance easy monthly payments.
£.';,V0 — Handsome residence of C large rooms,
hath, porcelain tub. marble washstand: 2 pat-
ent toilets; reception hall. 9x16; large enclosed
porch; combination gas and electric fixtures;
stable; cement sidewalks; streetcars pass the
door: hall and dining-room steamer finished;
handsome . mantel; magnificent view; lot 60x
120: terms if wanted.
$75 lots In the beautiful Roca Lee tract: fine
ftoll; grand view; new homes rapidly going up;
no cold winds or wet fogs and lots only $75
each: ?5 down balance $2 50 per month
CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
LOT — &0-foot frontage on Frultvale ave.; want
offer. Address owner. P. O. box 4ti2, Frult-
vale. Cat
OAKLAXD ADVERPS'M ? T3
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAm) aEJJ. ESTATE.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
We have been exclusively authorized to sell
on easy terms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under foreclosure of mortgage.
We will sell these properties at figures far
below the present market rates. If you want
a bargain call on or write us for particulars.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$2750 — New 2-story, 7-room house and lot
OOxIir.. near Telegraph ave. and Key route.
flZZS — New colonial cottage on 35th St.;
sunny let S0xll2; near Key route; easy terms.
5^000 — 5-room cottage on Jackson St., near
Oak ft. t-tution.
$S50 — Will buy lot 50x133 on Ettie St., near
1 Key route and new car shoos and B nt. sta-
• Uon, Berkeley local train, with old 4-room
cottage; a few hundred dollars will put It in
shape: a good speculation.
$1323 — Choice let cn Gth ave., near E. 10th
et. and Cllntcn Ftation: 50x100. .
BELDEN, 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
$100 CASH. $5 monthly: 16 superb lots, 200x
200. covered with fruit trees In" full bearing.
5 to 10 acres may be had besides; deep,
candy loam soil; lots lay fine, with grand
view; choice location; away from fogs aod
cold winds; near electric car line, boulevard
and district schoolhousc; adjoining East Oak-
land; price all told, $e50, discount off for
cafh. Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh
St., opp. station. Oakland. Carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Land Owner.
$4750— FINE home In beautiful Linda Vista
Terrace: new; finely finished In every de-
tail; 9 rooms, etc.; price reduced from $6C00;
owner must pell on account of mortgage. See
P. C. LAESEN & CO., 466 Tenth St., Oak-
land.
SOMETHING good for somebody; beautiful
modern 6-room cottace; finely located; near
Telegraph ave.; five minutes' walk from
Key Route ferry; lot 30x150; exceptional buy
at J3C00. Apply 675 Thirty-sixth st., Oak-
land.
FOR sale — f2J>00; corner lot, 133x100; near
Key Route: San Pablo ave. EDWIN SUTH-
ERLAND, corner Thirty-fourth and Peralta
sts., Oakland.
BARGAIN— Beautiful 7-r. home In Piedmont;
fine neighborhood; good location: near car
line; will sell cheap; must be seen to be ap-
preclated. Apply to E. MORRIS, 675 36th st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLASD BOOHS A1TO BOABD.
GENTLEMAN roomer or boarder; private fam-
ily; convenient to local trains. 1352 Harrison
St.. Oakland.
OAKI.AI73 BOOMS TO LET.
FURNISHED rooms; sunny, light and airy.
1412 East Ninth st.. East Oakland.
WANTED — Roomers at the Willlamette House,
371 Tenth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND STORES TO MT.
TO let— $25; store, comer Twenty-sixth st. and
San Pahlo ave.: fixture*, living-room, large
workshop and stable. Inquire opposite, 1V27
San Pablo ave. . . '
_0A3OiAlID^PU3I7ITUBE_P0B _SAI>1I.
TO-MOKROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schelhaes. 11th st.. cur. Ftore. Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
__ BOO2IS TOa^ HOXrSKEEFXZTO. _
A FLOOR of 3 rooms, alcove and bath, fur-
nished for housekeeping; piano and sewing
machine; eastern exposure; 5 minutes' walk \
to Kcarny st. For terms, inquire mornings.
1309 Taylor st. or phone Main 3055.
BRYANT, 444 — Two sunny rooms for house-
keeping; one single for lady. ;
CLARA. 1D2 — Five rooms; unfurnished; rent
$15. [ ___^
EDDY, 611 — Furnished housekeeping rooms.
EDDY. 804 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms with
bath.
ELEVENTH ave. South, 1535—3 large, sunny,
furnished rooms; complete; rent $10 month.
ELLIS. 325 — Suites of rooms for housekeeping.
ELLISDELL. 217 Post— Elegant suite for light
housekeeping; also single room; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 439 — Room for. light
housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1204 — A eunny parlor
ruite. suitable for housekeeping; also single
rooms; bath and phone.
GREEN. 1812 — Nice room; one or two ladies
or couple; housekeeping privileges.
GROVE. 100— Two nice newly furnished rooms
for housekeeping; use of bath and phone.
HOWARD, 710% — 2 large housekeeping rooms;
adult* cnly; respectable; no transient.
HOWARD. 822 — Two suites housekeeping
rooms; gas and coal stoves.
HYDE and Washington (apply 1505 Washing-
ton— 2 newly furnished housekeeping rms. ;
every convenience; fine view; tel. Hyde 2506.
JESSIE, 323 — 2 large sunny basement rooms,
furnished housekeeping; gas and coal range,
2 heis, $4 week; 1 front parlor. $3 25 week.
KEARNY, 104—3 unfurnished rooms; bay win-
dow; front; sunny; $20; adults; references.
KENILWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
rooni sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine—
Eunny furniEhed 3-room suites; steam heated
electric lighted; free batha; rates reasonable!
MINNA, 546 — Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping.
MISSION. 1514. near Eleventh — Large eunny
front room; large closet; 1 or 2 persons.
NINETEENTH. 3527 — Two .housekeeping
rooms; $10.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping", $5 to
$12; gas range; hot bath; adulta.
PAGE, 11G — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms: running .water; bath.
PINE, 2140 — One sunny : furnished room; gas
and bath; housekeeping^ permitted: $10.
POST, 217. near Grant ave.— Elegant front
suite; also single room; reasonable, j
POST. 0C2— Nicely furnished suites; $15 to $20-
gas, closets, running water; convenient
RITCH. 307— Three rooms furnished for house-
keeplng, $12.
B>^ R ,?h 1E , NTO ' 151 *— Parlor floor/ 5 elegantly
furnished, sunny housekeeping rooms; piano.
SCOTT. 300— Northeast corner; 2. 3 or 4 rooms
newly furnlbhed; bath; extra sunny. roomB>
SECOND. 149— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping. . ., ._-.„. f
SHOTWELL, 121. near Sixteenth-Two or three
sunny furnished , houaekeeplng rooms; cheap!
SOUTH PARK. 120 - To let.- 4 ; unfurnished
rx>m« for housekeeping; no children.',;
SUTTER, 1928— 3 large sunny rooms and bath-
<MUire upper floor; clean; reasonable. *
TAYLOR.- 011— Furnished suite,' gas range $12-
. , 3 attic rooms, gas range, $18; single. $6. ¦'
TWENTY-SECOND,: 34*7—2 i furnished houae-
Iceeplng rooms; - all ; complete.
' of Scotland, aired 63 years 3 months and 12
days. ; (English and Scotch papers please
copy.)
CTFriendsi and acquaintances *re respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
October 2SV 1904, at 1:30 p. m., from her
late residence 203 Hoffman avenue, between
Elizabeth and Twenty-third streets. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. \
BILZ— In Pleasanton, October 24, 1904 Min-
nie, beloved daughter of Mrs. M. K. and
the late J. A. Bllz. and sister of Mrs.E. R.
Slmard and Selma Bilz.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
tp-morrow (Friday), at 2:30 p. m.. at the
Presbyterian church at at Pleasanton. Cre-
mation at Oakland Crematorium Saturday,
October 29,; at 11 a. m. >
CARTER— Entered Into rest. October 26,'l004,
5 1^ nl i residence. 1915 Sacramento street,
John Turtin Carter, husband of Jane Carter,
and father of Mrs. C. C. Newhall and F. S.
Carter, a native of England, aged 9ti years
and 1C days.
. E7Interment private.
CARY— In this city. October 25. 1304 Grace
Mary Cary. beloved wife of Charles W. Cary
mother of Clarence Pearce, and daughter of
Mrs. Alice Woelper, a native of New Or-
leans, aged 34 years and 15 days. (New
Orleans Picayune and San Jose papers please
copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 12:30 p. m.. from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137~Mlss!on street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to
Church of the Advent. Eleventh street, near
Market, where services will be held com-
mencing at 1 p. m. Interment Mount' Olivet
Cemetery,
CHEDIC— In this city. Octobe'r 26. 1904. Mar-
guerite Chedlc. beloved wife of Tracy H.
Chedie, and daughter of Mrs. Nora Collins
of Carson City. Nev., and sister of Mrs. V.
B. Cross of Carson City. Nev.. Mrs. F. Kane
of Reno. Nev., and James Collins of Sacra-
mento, Cal., a native of Nevada, ared 36
(D-Remalno at the funeral parlors of the
H. F. Maaes Company, 917 Mission street.
COLLETT— In this city. October 26. 1904.
Harry Georce. beloved husband of May
Collett, and son of Sellna and the late Harry
G. Collett, and brother of Mrs. Frank Gum-
per lira. Charles Barry and Charles W..
Walter S., Herbert E-. Alfred E., Richard
C- and Albert V. Collett and the late Mrs.
W.-H. Smith, a native of San Francisco,
aged 26 years 5 months and 19 days.
(CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). October 28, at 9 a. m., from the
family residence, 1516 Leavenworth street,
between Jackson and Pacific, thence to the
Church cf the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Market, where services will be held, com-
mencing at 10 a. m. Interment Mount Olivet
• Cemetery.
COLLISn— In this city. October 25 1904 Hat.
tie E. f beloved wife of Robert M. Collier,
and mother of Le Roy D., Rose M., Robert
B and Lulu M. Collier, a native of New
York, aged 44 years 5 months and 29 days.
COOPER— In this city. October 23 1904 So-
brlna Cooper, beloved .wife of Cyrus' B.
Cooper, and devoted mother of Zacharlah
Morse, Mrs. Tlllle Piper, Mrs. Lottie Bar-
telow and Henry Morse, a native of St.
Louis. Mo., aged 69 years 1 month and 10
- days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services.-
Funeral takes place Thursday, October 27
1904. at 1 p. m.. from her late residence!
810 Montgomery street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland.
CRONIN— In this city, October 38. 1904.
Cornelius Cronin. beloved father of Mrs.
Wlillam Breanan and the late Mrs. -Jennie
Geary and Cornelius and Jamea Cronin, a
native of County Cork. Ireland.
DEAN— In Haywards, October 26, 1904 An-
drew J. Dean, M. D., beloved son of Johanna
and the late John Dean, aad cousin of An-
drew P. and Jamea E. Dean, a native of To-
ledo. Ohio, aged 46 years 6 months and 6
days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services,
Saturday October 29, at 10 a. m.. at All
Saints' Church. Haywards, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the reDose of his eoul. Interment Catholic
Cemetery. Haywards.
FIVAZ — In this city, October 25, 1904. Louis,
beloved husband of the late Mary Fivaz, and
father of Henry L. Fivaz. a native of
Switzerland, aged 65 years.
E7FrIend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
October 28 at 10:30 a. m., from the parlors
of Iaccheri, Duclos & Co., 629 Broadway,
between Dupont and Stockton streets. Inter-
K«it Mount Olivet Cemetery, by 11:30 train,
from Third and Townsend streets.
FLINK— In Oakland. October 25. 1904. Brita
Hannah, beloved wife of John A. Fllnk. and
sister of Minnie, Majtt and Andrew Eklund
of San Francisco, a native of Finland, aged
25 years C months and 19 days.
FORD — In this city. October 26 1904, Augus-
tus, beloved son of Elizabeth and the late
George Ford, and brother of George, Edward
Frederick, Mary and Gertrude Ford, a native
of San Franclaco.
IE7" Notice of funeral hereafter. - -Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English 29 Van
Ness avenue.
HARRIS— In this city. October 26, 1904,
George Harris, beloved father of Mrs. F. H.
Lawton and Mrs. M. H. Hollls, a native of
New York, aged 82 years 4 months and 14
days.
HAYES — Entered into rest, in this city, Octo-
ber 20, 1904. Isabelle. beloved wife of the
late Bartholomew Hayes, and mother . of
Bartholomew and John F. Hayes and the
late Minnie T. Hayes, a native of Ireland.
(Philadelphia papers please copy.)
C?Tha funeral will take place to-morrow-
(Friday), at 9:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 408 Ninth street, between Harrison
and Bryant, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 a. m. Interment private. Holy
' Cross Cemetery.
HOFFMAN— In this city. October 23. 1901,
Bernard Hoffman, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 26 years.
ETFriends and acquaintanees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 p. m., from the mortuary
chapel of J. S. Godeau. 3C5 Montgomery
avenue.
HYNES— In this city, October 23. 1904, Bridget
¦Hynes, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged fa'5 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral sen-Ices
Friday, October 28. at 9 a. m.. at the mor-
tuary chapel of J. S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
• celebrated for the repose of her soul, com.
mencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
IRVINE— In thU city, October 26, 1904, Mrs.
Emily Irvine, a native of England, 'aged 32
years.
JONES — In the City and County Hospital,
October 20. 1904, Van Cullen Jones, a native
of New Jersey, aged 46 years.
KENNEDY— In this city. OAober 22, 1904.
John, beloved husband of the late Ellen
Kennedy, "and father of John Joseph Ken-
nedy, a, native of County Kerry, Ireland
aged 75 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvtted to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis.
slon street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem • high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 0 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LOCKE— In this city. October 26, 1904 George
Kenneth, infant son of George - Henry and
Catherine Locke, a native of San Francisco
aged 4 months and 14 days.
MARTIN— In this city. October 26. 1904 at his
residence. 30 Chattanooga street, Cornelius,
beloved father of Jchn B., David C, Frank
A., Cornelius L., Jamea G., Rev. V G ,
, Anita, Elizabeth and Philip L. Martin, a na-
• tlve of Ireland, aged 76 years.
: (C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MCCARTHY— In this city, October 26, 1904.
Charles McCarthy, husband of the late Mary
McCarthy, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged S5 years. *
ICRemains at the parlors of J.C. O'Coni
nor & Co.; 767 Mission street, between Third
and Fourth. '
McDONALD— In thts city," October 26, . 1904,
Julia W., dearly beloved wife of William
McDonald, and loving daughter of Edward
and . Julia Eustace, and sister of 'Agnes,
. James and Annie Eustace, a native of San
Francisco. 5^0BSk*Hg*jaM&|jBjslBj«n
ICNotice of funeral hereafter.
To ; the 'Officers . and Members of Teresa
Inrtltute : No. 20. Young Ladles' Institute —
Dear Sisters : Yau are hereby notified to
attend the funeral ' of otrr late sister, Mrs
Julia McDonald.
KATHERINE BAXTER. President.
M. E. GANNON. Recording Secretary.
MOHR— In this city, October 24, 1904 Eliza-
beth, beloved . wife of : the ¦ late ' Jacob Mohr
' . of Germany, and devoted mother of Henry
Jacob A., Fred W., John. Herman and
Emma Mohr and Mrs. H. Bush, a native of
Hessen, Darmstadt. Germany,"aged 67 years
. 9 months and 7. days.
• lErFrlends and acquaintances are respect -
; fully ¦ invited • to attend . the ¦ funeral to-day
(Thursday); at 10:50 a. m., from the resi
dence . of her son. ; 1698 San Jose avenue
, Bunnyside. Interment Mount Olivet Ceml
. etery. :
NISTISAN— In the City and County Hospital
, October 26, : 1904. Peter Nlstlsan,- a native of
; Denmark, aged 46 years.
OLSEN— In ' this • city. October 23, 1904 Ed
: ! ward Olsen. a native of . Stavanger No'rwav
. aged 42 years. ¦¦ : * •
PAPE-^Entcred into . eternal rest' in Rin»
tstedt. Germany.. October, 8,- 1904, Catherine
, beloved mother, of Carsten Pape of Hoboken
N. J.. Mrs. Bertha Flnck: of !san- Francis
I James ¦ McGinn. Henry ¦ Hansen. t
JAMES MCGINN A CO. I
Formerly '.With t McGinn > Bros 1
—Funeral - Directors and i Embalmer»— I
214 Eddy st. Tel. South ? 576!^~ |
F. J. Monahan, '• Manager. TeL'= Mission 31,
MONAHAN; OBARi^CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
: ~ .2339-2341 Mission «t.. near Nineteenth. -
¦¦¦¦ .Ban Frandaco. . .. ---- • • _
and Mrs. Albert Maneels of Rlmrstedt. Q*r-
many, aged 83 years 2 month* and 20 daya.
RENNER- In thta "city. October 25. 1904.
Margarethe. beloved wife of the late John
Renner, and devoted mother of Sophie,
Hedwlff, Gustave A., Carl R- and Pauline
Renner and Mrs. J. P. Spaar. a native of
Hochhelm. am Rhine. Germany, ared oo
years 6 months and 8 days.
tor Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). October 2S, it 2 c m.. from her
late residence. 16C5 Mission street, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
RHODES— In Phoenix. Ariz.. October 23.
1004. R. R. Rhode*, beloved husband of
Corlnne Rhodes, and son-in-law ot Mrs.
Susie E. Harris, a native of New -Orleans,
a«red 29 years. (New Orleans papers .plea*e
copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
to-day (Thursday). October 27, at 1 p. m..
at the parlors of Julius S. Godeau, SC5
Montgomery avenue. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
RIEDL— In this city. October 26, 1904, Alois
Louis Rledl, dearly beloved husband of Dora
Rledl. and beloved father of Annie and Mabel
Riedl, a native cf Vienna, Austria, aced 40
year 6 months and 10 days. A member of
South San Francisco Lod«e No. 45. K. of P.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday). October 28. at 1:30
p. m., at the parlors of Gantner Bros.. 1209
Mission street, between Eighth and Ninth,
under the ausoices of South San Francisco
Lodge No. 45, K. of P. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
RIORDAN— In this city. October 25, 1904 Ed-
ward Martin, beloved son of Patrick and
Lucy Riordan, and brother of May. John
and Nealie Riordan. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 months and 4 days.
tU* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 a. m., from the resi-
dence of the parents, 601 Third street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROHAN— In this city. October 28, 1004.
Charles Rohan, a native of Ireland, aged 72
yearo.
ROSSI— In this city. October 25 1904. Minnie^
dearly beloved wife of Joseph A. Rossi, lov-
ing mother of Evelyn, Lollta and Olive Rossi
sister of Mrs. L. Clodi, Mrs. A. Hirsch^
Mrs. E. Lanlgan. Mrs. W. Nixon and Miss
Julia Kind and of the late Harry Kind, and
daughter of the late Richard and Adelaide
Kind, a native of San Francisco.
IE7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
October 27, 1804 at 10 a. m.. from her late
residence, 2108 Union street.
Officers and members of Buena Vista
Parlor No. 68, N. D. G. W..— You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of oar late
Bister, Minnie Rossi, from 2108 Union street,
at 0 a. m. < this day (Thursday), October 27.
MISS M. LEWIS. President.
MRS. H. M. GREENE. Rec. Sec.
RUISINGER— In this city. October 25. 1904.
Annie M Rulslnger. beloved daughter ot
Ellen Sullivan, and loving slater of T J
Edward P. and George R. Sullivan and Mrs'
George BJgelow. a native of California
ICTFriends are respectfully Invited to" at-
tend the funeral to-day (Thursday), at
8:30 a. m.. from the parlors of Carew tt
English. 29 Van Ness avenue, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her souL
commencing at 0 a. m. Interment private'
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Kindly
oirilt flowers.
EC i H^ r ' A §A£ HER a - Ia *"¦ e "y- October 25,
1904, Babette Schwabacher. beloved mother
of Mrs. Louis Goodman. Lewis M. Schwa-
bacher and Mrs. Slgmund Schwabacher, a na-
tive of Bavaria. Germany, aged 61 years 4
monUs and 11 days. (Walla Walla, Wash..
andAlbany. N. Y., papers please copy.)
*. PV ieai1 * and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvjted to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 a. m., from her late real-
"jnce. 2419 Webster street. Interment Home
or Peace Cemetery, by special train lea.vlng
Third and Townsend street* at 11:40 a. m.
Please omit flowers, by special request of
deceased.
SCHWEQAT— In this city. Octeber 28. 1904.
Mrs. G. Hel*a Schwerat. a native of Ice-
land, ated 33 years and 10 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), October 27, at 2 p. m..
at the chaiwl of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co., 10C0 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
SHANNON— In this city. October 26. 1904.
infant son of Mr. I and Mrs. Jerome Warren
Channon, aged 3 days.
BI ? A^ GH^ SST -J n tnl " c "y- October 26.
1904. William, beloved husband of Ida C.
Shaughnessy. and father of Margaret. Ida. I
Klla. Myrtice. Alice and Willie Shaugh-
nessy and the late Frank Shaughnessy. a
native of San Francisco, aged 47 years.
STODDARD— In this city, October 28. 1904 at
the residence. 332 Seventh street. Sarah' A.
f.^ da T!?- wlf 8 of the late J. D.
Stoddard. and mother of t>al«. Judson. Orin.
il'if™ 5 n « Frank S^dard. Mrs. C. l!
Smith and Mrs. L. M. Prunty. a native of
England, aged CS years 5 months and 3
days.
TURTON — In Fresno. October 24. 1904 Harry,
beloved son of Annie H. and the late Henry
Turton of Lahalna. island of Maul, Territory
of Hawaii, and brother of the late Frank
N. Turton.
(C7"Remains at the funeral parlors of the
H. F. Maass Company. 917 Mission street.
UPTON— In Pescadero, Cal., October 25 1004.
Miss A. Celestla Upton sister of Miss' S. 8.
Upton and M. Upton, and sister-in-law of
Loren Coburn. (Massachusetts papers please
copy.)
E7"Funeral services at Cypreas Lawn
Cemetery, San Francisco, at 2* p. m. Oc-
tober 28.
WALDRON— In this city. October 26. 1904.
Edward L., beloved husband of Bessie Wal-
dron. and son of Mrs. L. C. Waldron of
Gloversvllle, X. Y.. a native of New York,
aged 37 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlors of the
Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Company
20 Fifth street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
WALTER— In this city. October 25, 1904, at
his residence, 1505% Market street Ru-
dolph William, beloved husband of the late
Ellnore Walter, and father of Henry Walter
Mrs. Annie Fulton. Mrs. Nora Williams and
the late Mrs. Emma Mette. Mrs. Minnie
Staunton and Mrs. Lizzie Parham of Mare
Island and William Schillinsky of Towle.
Cal.. a native of Germany, aged 77 years 10
months and 12 days.
C7 Remains will be forwarded to Dutch
Flat. Cal.. on October 27 for Interment.-FRUITS-^New crop— Apricots.', 7%@10c for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; "Nectarines,
6%<87%c ' for .White ;¦ and, 6%@7c ,! for -Red;
Peaches.' 7%®8%c *~.- per : lb; . - Pesrs, '.7©12c;
Plums.' pitted,^ e«J6%c , ; for black. S©8%c
for.- red and 7@8%c for; yellow; , Figs," 2-crown
bricks,;.- 50c; 5c 3-crown/^; 55c: < 4-crown. ¦ 60c: - 6
crown,-65c;' bulk .whlte^ 2%@3c:' black..' 8%c.'
Evaporated ¦ Apples, 5%Q'7c per lb. ". .-/ . -- H
W PRUNES— 1%@1%c per. lb for the four sixes
and 2UC bails for ;the Urge sizes. - '¦"
X: RAISINS— 1904 > crop - f/- 0. b. v , Fresno—Im
perial" clusters,^ $2 2502 CO; -.Dehesa. . $1 85@2;
London'. Layers,- 80c@$l: . Loose Muscatels,:: 4
crown/- 4®4%c;:-3-crown > \ : ;3%©3%c;y 2-crown.
S<pS%cv Seedless.", 2%@2%c; Floated.- 3c; Seed
ed ¦¦ 4@5%c;/ Thompson's -Seedless, , 4%c; j Seed
less : Sultanas."-; 3»A®3?ic pe r lb. . . ?;: . ." ¦¦/-= - : -*•••-*¦.'
&• NUTS-^New Walnuts. - No. ' 1 ; sof tahell. 120
12%.c : r No.? 2," 10@10%c: - No. 1 hardshell. " 12c ;
No.> 2,'i 10c; v Almonds.- 16®17c? for; Nonpareils,
14@14%c£or I X L,;l3ei4c for, N«, Plus Ultra
and V lie^ for i Languedoc ; -' Peanuts/ 1 ! 6®7c •¦ for
Eastern ; : Pecans/. ll@13c ; . Cocoanuts. $4 : 50@5 ;
Chestnuts.,, 10@15c i per lb.' -•¦;:.. ¦ - ; •¦-¦¦-¦
•i HONEY— Comb/: U%«13c for white and 1O#
lie : for- amber; > water white - extracted, 5U'S
6c: jlight amber .extracted;. 5@5%c; : dark^ 5@
4%c.--' -?:-!'*'¦:<•¦: -^ - ,y;~» -¦;-.¦•'- ¦-.¦--;- ~>>r-
BEESWAX— 27629c per.-, lb.
Dried ; Fruits, ¦ Nuts, . Raisins, Honey.
CHICAGO, Oct." 26.— Small receipts and com
paratively firm cables caused a.Bteady;:tone
In the wheat market at Z the "¦ opening. De
cember was a shade lower to a shade higher
at $1,14% to $1 14%. May 'was unchanged
to %c higher at $l"13»g@1.13%. ,On a fair
demand . from I commission - houses . and - pit . trad
ers : the : market advanced a . trifle, ,, December
selling up to $1 14T& and May to $1 13%. Sell-
Ing supposed ¦; to be for,, a leader; of - the ¦ bull
crowd caused a- moderate reaction, ", December
declining to $1 14%.. May sold. off : to $1 13%.
Trading was rather quiet until late In the day,
the • market : lacking , sny • definite news either
bullish or - bearish.- ~ From $1' 14% V~, December
advanced :' to ¦ $1" 15% '. on covering > by V some
shorts *- who . sold ; yesterday. : The i demand ¦--¦¦ for
May was less active . and in consequence that
delivery ¦ showed . more , realsUnce . to ; s an 7 ; ad
vance. ' ',' Late « in ,„ the " day ? the ;; market - broke
sharply- under ; hea\Tr *: liquidation. V During Hhe
latter ..- part of ' the session . a* persistent', re
port .bad- been r i In -circulation^ that s a' quarter
millions bushels of. cash -wheat: would be sold
here at 2 'Ac under "the, December price. •' Nat
urally " this *- rumor : bad L a".depres«lng « influence
on speculative trading." An advance In consols
and j- a reported backdown '• by : Russia was ? an
even greater blow to, holders, especially those
who ' had "<¦ expected ¦ further : war" scares. : : Lat^
weakness at Minneapolis . also 'had considerable
influence on > the . market - here.S ' After, celling
off x to $1 , 13% - December closed at ; $1' 13 %@
¦ May declined I to $1' 12%. - -The close '! was ; at
$l;12«i:-=- Minneapolis. Dulutb and" Chicago re
ported ' receipts * of :755 ; cars \ against ¦ 776 . cars
last weeks and: 881 cam a'yearago. - ;
i'S In corn > an ' active commission '¦ house • demand
for both ! December £ and May, deliveries ¦¦ caused
a'- strong tone. December - opening -%c i to " %c
higher at 40%c to 49%c/: advanced ; to 60c and
closed at : 49%@49%c. - Local t receipts I were ; 72
cars -with: five, of contract .'grade. .v .
>- Oats .were dull,* but ; firm." ¦ After . opening ; %o
higher at 29%c December, advanced . to~ 29%c
and closed • at . 29%c.Loc«l v receipts were > t>7
C&.T0 ' ¦ " '-'•" ; '¦""•' ; * " ' >'•' • - ¦ ¦'.' -"¦'¦ ¦'",'- ' '¦¦'. --' ¦" t •'•-.'! t-"/.'
~- A«a' : result of a.lOc decline in the price of
hogs an ' easier tone prevailed | In I provisions 5 at
the openteg.i with all 5 producU* showing > slight
losses. «' At the r, close ¦-. all •".. products
were • down i 2 %c ¦> Pork i closed J at ; $12 30,"s lard
at'$7 07%-and. ribs. at, $0 40.; ;..'. ,-.w,i.< ; ; ;;.¦', ¦-
-The" leading futures "ranged as follows:. - .
-'Articles—: ,-• ¦ Open. , High.'. "Low/, Close.
: "-¦ ;• :-.- '.¦:.'.¦;•• ->:i r f>^.
December' Xi'l'iiji; \ is.U l-WJ.. .'M*?-
Future C-iln and : Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD* OF TRADE.
Alaska Packers Again Decllaes, Fall-
Ing to $96 25.
.Alaska Packers was again the feature of the
market.' selling from $99 down to $96.25 clos
ing at $90. bid.' Hawaiian Commercial
clined . a dollar., to SS5 and Gas ' and Electric
was ¦. also lower/ seeing off to $56. . Sales In
the sugar stocks were free/ especially Paauhau.
( The other stocks #howed nd features * worthy
of note. ,° The "oil and 1 mining- stocks were
fairly dealt In at about previous prices.
, The , Pacific Llghtins; Company will pay a
regular monthly - dividend : of S5c ' per share
November 5.\"- ' . -¦ • ;
- The Pacific Coast Borax Company. will pay
a ' regular monthly dividend of $1 per share
October 29. , 1
The -Pioneer Sugar Company haa declared a
monthly • dividend of $1 : per share, amounting
to $27,500. payable November 1. . •
.The Exchequer Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 5c per chare, delinquent No
vember 28. , .
' • The Fremont Consolidated - Mining Company
of Amador. County has levied an assessment
of 25c per share, delinquent November 30.
It is reported that the monthly dividend of
the Onomea' Sugar Company/ now amounting
to 20c per share.'' will be Increased In Decem
ber.'- On 'October 6. 1904. ¦ the company had a
balance to credit' of $243.1 S3 24.
. The Hanford Oil Company paid a dividend
of $2 per share yesterday. •
The Santa (Anita Land Company has levied
an . assessment of 5c, dellciquenl November 1.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
¦'^WEDNESDAY/ Oct. 2A— 2 p/.m.
UNITED t STATES BONDS.
Bid.'Ask.l . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l06%106%|4s qr cp new. — 132%
4s qr reg...l06%106X4lSs qr coup... — 106%
r f : '-¦--¦» /MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
AU AW 6s. —:'"—' Osk T Co Os.120 12>H
Asso Oil - 6s: 79 — Do 5s '. . . . ;112H —
Bay.CPC 5s.l01%102H Do con 6s. 103 H —
Cal C G 5s.lO2% — _ Oceanic S 6e, — —
Cal G & E g : Om Cable 6s.l20H —
m & ct 5s. — 81U Pae G Im 4s. — 9T "
Cal-stC 6s.ll4^» — : P.E Ry 6s..lO4%lOo
C C Wat 5s. — 99 , P ft C H 6a. 104 —
EdL t P Cs.125 — \ Pr& O R 68.114^115
F & C H 6s."— '.' — Powell-st 6s. — —
Geary-st 6s.V 50 — Sao EG4RSs.l02 —
H C&S 5V4S.105' — SF.A SJV5S.113- ~
¦'Do 5s ...r 99% — Sierra R 6s. —
Hon R T 6s.lO7H — S P of A 6s " ¦ ,
L A Elec 6s. — 103% (1909) :~. . ; ;.108Ul» -
L A Ry Bs..ll« — '(1910) :..... 100% —
L A L Co 6s — — S.P^of Cdi 1 ' ¦
Do gtd 6s. — — <19M)Sr A.101 101^
¦ Do gtd 68.101 103% (l»05)Sr B. 100^4 -i"
LAP lem 5S.102 — (lflOfi) \,". ..104^4 —
Mkt-stC 6s.ll« •— : ' (1912)-.....11S^ '— >
T>o lem "5s.ll6%117 SPC 1 eg 5s.ll7ft —
MV& MtTSs.-— ' — ' *<Do stampd. ' .'—
NRR of C6s.10« 106% S;P B R Ca. — ' 133*4
rDo 5s ....118 — 8 V Wat 6s.lO4H104J4
•N P C R 68.107 — ' Do 4* 2dm.l01 —
N C Ry 6s:. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 09% —
N C P,C Ks. 97 ,— Do g mt«r4s 9J» —
.N-S.B'-n Rs.lQlH — Ptkn G*E4».n.1 _
OG L&H Rs — 110*4 U G * E Ss.VKU, —
O,W gtd 5s. "—", 100 . (TO of SB" 4s.* 83%* 88 .
.WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa— -" 35 .[Port Co»ta.. .' _
Marln Co.. . — R0 >- | S V Wat Co. 39^39%
' GAS AND ELECTRIC. •
Cent L * P. ¦3tt-3%{S'F>G:*'E. M 6«H
Mutual E L.V— - 12^ Stkn'O AB. — «v£
Pac L Co./. 59% 60 ; |u Q A E Co. — —
INSURANCB.
Flrem's Fnd.310 ; 340, I
¦ . . . ' •" BANK STOCK8. . /
Am Ntl Bkl.126 130 fL P, AA....1S0 —
Anglo-Cal .: 85 — Mer Trust.... —-235
Bank of Cal.420 430 Merch Ex...: 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150/ S F'Natlonl.^— > — . -
• " SAVINGS :BANK8. ' <
Ger S & 1^2330 — : |8av Jk'tTSo:;— , 100 ,
¦ HumS * L. — ¦— |8ec Sav Bk..— ~ 424 ,~
; Mutual' Sav.—' .100 j Union T Co.. ~ —
STREET RAILROADS.
California :.r^r: 199; JPresidio ¦....'. S3 40
Giant ...... 63; 64 IVIjrorit ..... — 4%
- ' ¦ ' . ' SUGAR. <i^BpHSHHsBsfMH
Hawaiian C. ; 64 Makawell C 27% 28Vi
Konokaa S C 14% IS Onomea S'C. 28 -¦. 59- .
Hutch 8 PC 9^4 10 ; Paauhau S C.14%— -.'•;
Kllauea* 8 C .' 3 — * " .
i" - : :' MISCELLANEOUS. "
Alaska P A. »«:M%| Oceanic 8 Co. - 3tf 3%
XEW YORK. Oct. 26.— Dealings in stocks
to-dAy were not up to yesterday's record, . but
the dimensions and the astonishing breadth
and \-ariety of tb« market were well main
tained. Tb« list was subjected to a pretty
c«i.rching liquidation and severe inroads upon
prices resulted, but the benefit to the market's
health by this process began to be shown in
the latter part of the day, when there were
ruhstanti&l recoveries from the low level. The
reactionary course of the market was largely
due to technical causes. As much of tbe
recent buying has been due wholly to the fact
that prices were moving up and were ex
jwcted to continue to do eo, yesterday's dem
onstration that tbe advance was checked ' in
duced selling. Yesterday's performance in
Union Pacific and the lnadequateness of the
Xicwe to explain it awakened uneasiness owing
to the half -hysterical character of the move
ment and its revelation of the emotional na
ture of very large operations in the market.
The psychological state which prompts 'an in
definite buying 1« quickly altered by a simple
change in the direction of prices, and consid
erations of Intrinsic value have no force to
prevent this change. There i« tbe additional
ffcdor of forced cale en the reaction by the
tilplng out of narrow margins and the uncov
ering of stop-loss orders placed below the
market and which are always in usual vol
ume after a volatile rise in prices. All these
forces operated in causing the . weakness to
day. But consideration was also given to-day
to the more material factors or tbe disap
pointing quarterly statement of the United
States Etecl Corporation, the Irritating ten
sion between Russia and Great Britain and
the prosi>ect of a creditable gold export move
ment. It is enough to indicate the disappoint
ment of tbe highly speculative element with
th« United grates fiteel report to know that
reports were circulated on the Stock Exchange
j-escerday that the • quarterly- net earnings
would amount to 8,23.000.000. While' the |18,
7Z»3,!C2 reported was near the expectation in
more reasonable and well-informed quarters,
the low figure of the unfilled orders on hand
was a shock to the sanguine feeling , which
has grown up regarding the revival in the steel
industry, and the additional Informal assur
ances riven by. the chairman of the board of
the further expansion in orders slnoe tbe turn
of the quarter proved insufficient to overcome
thi* wntlment. Selling. from tbe steel crnters
tr.4 from the We#t was very large, bota of
the United States Steel stocks and the Pa
¦:¦!¦. end Pennsylvania cbow«d the usual
' ¦¦ r? 1 1 '.>:>• with United States . Steel. London
t'.so sold freely here. While, it 'was believed
that the scuteness of the Anp-lo-Rusaian crisis
tv£* over for the present? tbe situation
«-af felt to b« dangerous and liable to some
explosive episode which might throw it out
cf the r*J< cf the diplomatists to control.
Veiled intimations of undisclosed develop
r er.li in the situation played ¦ a part in the
rriarktt. The report that arrangements • bad
t'fs practically concluded for a • ?270.000.«X>0
: --¦¦-•. luan to be placed In Berlin and. Parts
rnffWenUy explains th* pressure from theme
P'-'.nts /or gold and points conclusively t«i a
?'r.ftdirrab> withdrawal ; of geld from -New
York, with the Interior demand for currency
f-'A yn satisfied, any co;i»!d«rab!e. withdrawal
iii *3(S!iipn will necesrsrily result In higher
tr.cney rates here. The recognition of this
'ic-t do-.ibt Wg had its influence In .. checking
t. - rr^culatlve buyiag. Tbe reaction was net
*-ycnd control ct any . time.'. Rock -Island, and
Ontario and Western reflecting their employ
">r.t e« brakes to restrain the decline.- The
rcily v. ti not fuijy ma!r.uir.*d and the closing
*.s« rary, but the urgent liquidation was not
. r»-rMn-el. . ¦.'¦••».._
.nw.flo were heavy. Total sales, S8.5S»0,000.
ntt»:d Sii-'tr bond* wrt unchanged on call..
Xeiv York Stock lAsV
E- T. Hutton & Co.. 490 California* street
t?" , T L* nc te-o. members of the -New Tork
*l. .^'chsnge, ftirnlsh the following official
of that Exchange:.
€^tL\ Stock »— IHigh|Low.l Bid. I Ask.
'Vof^'.^* 111 ?" E *Pr*ss..l.:... ..... 238 245
ivW.Atnalg Copper... «7% 65«; 6C«,4 66«
•• Awer Csn Co „ 6W (!«¦
"";;J. °° pfa 49 49U
*°°j*ra Car A Fdry. 27 t 26% Wt 20%
L D » PM ;. .....}..;.. S3^| »4»A
; jAn^r Chicle J03 105
1 I>o pld...... .J.V... 80 j M
3Tew York Stock Market.
A '.car- of very choice ' Cranberries came , In
from Cape Cqd • yesterday and " was • held at
$8 50 pe r bbl.fe O14 lots were still offering at
$7 50® S per bbl, but found few buyers. There
was very little Inquiry for - the Coos Bay
article/: as " most of ; the offerings . were limited
to 'higher prices than the trade cared to '¦ pay.
Strawberries .'¦ and .;. Raspberries were In . light
receipt and ;' cleaned .; up '.well.'* while . Huckle
berries dragged . at lower rates. Apples -were
etill the. chief - centef- of interest - In ' orchard
fruits and " although . the trade was active, the
market^ was < Inclined to easiness, supplies of
all grades being far. in excess of the demand.
Some extra 'fancy stock from Oregon and Colo-'
rado .was: held at a substantial' premium.' but
the top , quotation ' was considered an ; extreme'
for -domestic offerings.' Quinces were .weak,
with* plenty/ of ¦;- poor stock available at the
Inside ¦ quotation. . . Grapes were moderately
active i and prices were ..well : maintained. Re
ceipts of Melons ,. are ' steadily : decreasing, and
they I will' soon he dropped from the list. Citrus
fruits , were, • quieter, but ~ prices ; ; showed no
change. ¦ ' ¦¦". .-: ; ".:¦¦¦-- ' ¦•¦ ¦ ¦¦ ' , ¦ ¦ ¦¦-'
STUAWBERRIES— S7@10 per ; chest for
Longworths.. S2@3 for Mallndas and |2 50®5
for - 1 I i» m'i iii'jWH tT* fr*1f iiW'i l HlsWM^l|l'|Ui'»|.'
•;-, RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per. cjiest: '
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6®8c per lb.
- CRANBERRIES— $262 75 per box for : Coos
Bay and $7 50@8 50 fo r Cape Coii£i'.
• APPLES— $1@1 25 .for : fancy. 65@00c for
choice and SCX^SOc ¦ for. r n m m n 11 ' C'fW^btinpvlSM
;. PEARS— Winter Nellls, $I@1 25*^per box;
cooking varieties 40@75c^per :box. •
PERSIMMONS— 5Cc@$l per box.
¦ POMEGRANATES^-40@60c for small and
$1®1 75 for large boxes. .. ' ~
QUINCES— 25®50c per ": box. !
: FIGS— 75c®$l,per -box. 1 / '-* ¦¦¦..
• MELONS — Cantaloupes, GO@75c; Nutmeg
Melons.' 25@50c • per ' box; Watermelons, ; $1Q2
per • Ja **"/'-^W**f > *T|i|tlHrVr*WBH**^ ttM %|f*WI
;; GRAPES)'"-— .Table, varieties, 40®75c for
crates." 25igi40c ' for small s boxes and ¦ 75c@$l 50
for open boxes: 'Wine- Grapes/ nominal.
-A CITRUS : FRUITS^Oranges. :$3 50«4 per
box';. for s Lemons,,'-' $2 50@3' . for.
fancy. $1 75'g2 25 for choice and SI 2o@l 50
for .standards; Grace ; Fruit;* |2 50@3; Mexi
can* Limes, $4@4 50 per • case; Bananas, $203
per bunch ; tor ; Central . American and ¦ 75c@$2
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1.75Q2 25 per
dozen. - . ¦:•'." " .. *; . _."- i^fe^KSBwSS
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
! > . 1 .„ : i* Exchange - and Bullion.
. LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty. days... — $4 84U
Sterling Exchange. ; sight — .4 8f5H
Sterling Exchange. ¦. cables — 4 87H
New Tork ' Exchange, sifcht ...:.. — 07V
'. New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10^
: Sliver, per ounce ....'...".... — 58H
Mexican Dollars 45^ @ 46.'
INTERNATIONAL.
New. Tork on Paris.... 5.15%
1 New : York on Mexico : 215%
Paris on London- 25.10H
; Berlin on London' 20.34 Vi
_ Wheat and Mother Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago was %c lower. Broom
.hall cabled "the advance In cables this morning
was caused by , fair : demand for Russian scar-"
goes in near-by positions owing to nervousness
over political situations. The Kansas City Star
: estimates 33 per cent of the. crop, or 21.000,000
', bushels, still '- remaining In Kansas;. Cash
business - In all ' markets reported slow and In
clined to ease :0ft. ' . ¦ ' . :
In thia market futures were lower, with good,
; trading. -The cash grain was steady but 'quiet
i and unchanged.;,: .'¦ .<
I'SZgSiBt&BSt*- ' CASH WHEAT.
California Club, - $1 45©1 52%; California
White ¦- Australian, ' $1 K>@1 62ft; Northern
Club, ?1 43^1 02 Vi! Northern Blu«stem, SI 60
©1 62V4 per ctl. -
FUTURES..
¦ Session 5) to ll:S0 a. m.
. -Open. .High. Low. • Close.
December ..-.$1 444 $1 44% SI 44 Vi' SI 44U
May 1 46% 1 4G% 1 40 1 46 •¦_•
' "¦ .- ". 2 p. ~ m: Session. ; " : - ¦
.Open.- 'High. Low. Close.
December ...SI 44 % \ $1 4i'/4 $1 '44 $1 44%
May ......:. 1'45% l s l 46 1 45% 1 46 .
¦ : " BARLEY-^Futures : were weak,- with fair
transactions. ...j The ¦¦ cash ; grain showed ¦ no
change, being quiet. ..There is a call for choice
dry bright Feed,; but there is. very little com- :
Ing . In."' Buyers: 7 say "that 'they i would pay
SI 12% for it ifithey could get it.
. CASH BARLEY. :
i Feed, $l@l' 11 Vi; Brewing and Shipping,
|1 12^61 15; Chevalier. 1 , SI 17V4®1 22% per
cental. * 7H(I "1 ¦ t# "^rrtmffCSEKPu^SmSii^
¦ -;.:' , FUTURES. • .' '-]
Session 9 .to 11:30 a,'m.
Open.' ' High. - Low.- ¦- Close.
December ... Si O7V4 $107% $106% SI 07 ,
May ........ 1 07?i- ;1 07% 1 07% 1 07%:
2 p. m. Session.
Open. ;.-:" High.'. Low. , Close.
December ...SI O7V6 ;»1 07H SI 07 fl 07
May/..:-..'.:. 1 07% £ 1 01%. .' 1 07% : 1 07%
OATS — Dealers report a quiet and unchanged:
market. >'- Offerings of . Red and Black are am
. pie/ but ¦ there ' are . few : White : on ¦. the ¦ market.
The Inquiry for seed ' continues very fair, v'
. White. ' f 1 40@l 5GU I '-'¦ Surprise, nominal ;
Red i for feed, t fl 32%@1 45 . for No. "l-'and
tV 22»<4@1 80 for '¦ No. 2; : extra' flne for : seed.'
SI 42V4&1 50; Black. $1 30® 1 85 for feed • and
$1 60©l 65 ' for seed. -^ : •¦ - * . .- .
- '•" CORN —^Twelve . hundred centals . of Western :
came w in *-. yesterday. >"; .The - market ¦ continued
quiet and unchanged. ¦ s " .
sacked, SI 4001 45 for Yellow. $1 45
for White and. $1-.4O®1; 42% -for. Mixed; Cali
fornia * large Yellow. ; |1 \ 40^1 45; ; small round
do, : $1* 5501 62% ; White. ¦ nominal ; Egyptian,
SI 3B@1 45 : for White :-; and $1 25®1 80 » for
Brown. •- , • ~ -
.RYE-^-Sl 37%®1 42% .per cfl.
.BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about S2 per ctl.:
Flour: and Millstuffs.
->: FLOUR— California ? Family / Extras, $4 80ft
5 10, -usual! terms; Bakers'- Extras,. ?4 70®5;
Oregon and. Washington/ 'Jobbing at $4@4 50
per.bbl.-* : ; '¦ •-•¦'¦.-.' - . _- "
i-e MILLSTUFFS— Prices .In packages :• are -" as
follows : r- Graham , Flour, , $2 75 per r 100 - lbs ; ;
Ry e . Flour. $3 ; : Rye ? Meal. ?2 73 ; Rlc» Flour,
S7 ; > Corn . Meal." 1 $2 B0 ;\ extra > cream ' do • $3 60 ;
Oat v Meal, "i $3.75;' Oat I Groats, ; $4; Hominy,
$3 C0Q3 85 ;j Buckwheat- Flour, . $4; -Cracked
Wheat,'- S3 50; * Farina, * $3 75; - Whole; Wheat
Flour r $3 50; Rolled- Oats." bbls.*S6 75®7 80.-; In
sacks.'; S4 25; >i Pearl = Barley, S5; h Split " Peas,'
boxes. S5 50 ; Green jPeaa. |5 60 per 100 lbs. :, ,i
: Hay. and Feedstuffs.
;¦ Bran -and 1 8horts 'are": 60c\ lower, and-wcak. ;
Middlings' are; steady."; Hay was again j report- ;
cd I weak 1 yesterday/ -: and • the"' weather >. stained •
goods/* which * comprise the bulk of • the., re
ceipts, 'still exercise 'a' depressing effect on the
market.-. ' >-,-.'»' ¦.;. ¦¦>'¦,.'•¦ : . ¦.- -. :,--¦ '. »• ¦¦• • .
• The circular ; of: Somers 4 Co. says:
' i '/During i the 5 week < Just v ended i 3000 .' tons -ot
¦ hay; arrived ; on > the San - Francisco ' market.< an ;
: increase I of 1 200 « tons | from I the '.week . preceding.
A i scarcity Jot ; cars ; can '¦ stllU be s noted,*: but i in
: spite ? of 1 this 1 fact t enough ? hay Is 5 arrivlnjr 4o
1 supply - the j demand;? wh ich at present * Is 1 very
1 quiets-; % For.?; bohj e s. unaccountable r .s reason Cf all,
grades of I hay. 1 ? Including] choice 1 wheat," are i In :
very i slack ? demand/V although i we : believe \ this
is but a' temporary. condition.* It is now almost!
two weeks ' since ,w« have had any.' rain, 1 ? and ; If .
. the i weather .j remains s clear.- for :< two * or t three '
,week8 ; longer '*¦ we M presume.* we 1 will i hear i the
regular .; cry; of i'dry- season,',? which f. will j tem- •
> porarlly ."strengthen i the \ market J a '.- bit. r ; v
I ..'.'There -has been^ a renewed Inquiry. from Uhe?
southern part of ¦ the State. Los : Angeles ha v-
STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK. Oct. 28.— Close— Money on call
steady. l$i£2% per cent; closing bid. 2 per
cent; offered. 2% per cent.
Time loans, eaey and dull; sixty days, 3 per
cent; ninety days, 3»4 per cent; six- months
8!4 z>cr cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4^-5 per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm, with actual business
In baukers" bills at $4.864084.8645 for de
mand kr.d st $4.83S5©4.S390 for sixty-day bills.
Posted rates. (1 S4% and $4 87.
Commercial bills, $4 83%.
Bar silver. IS%c
iltxican dollars. 40lic.
Bonds — Government, steady; railroad, steady.
Xew York Money Market.
EL\STERX MARKETS.
LOCAL MA11KETS.
. Receipts of Prodnce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 29.
Flour. q r sks. ..14,902 Alfalfa, sks .... 5
Wheat rtli.... 1.102 Wool.- bales 410
Barter: ctls -....13.075 Shorts, sks 200
Beans, sks ..... 5,0291 Tallow. cU» .... 219
Corn (West), ctls 1,200 Leather rolls ..... 212
Rye. ctls SSI Hides. No 1,548
Potatoes, sks ... 5.1fiQf Pelts. No ....... 135
Onions, sks .'..-". 3O0J LI me. bbla ...... 364
Bran, sks 670 Wine, gals ......44,100
Middlings, sks .. 150 Raisins, bxs ..... 7.514
Hay. tons ..'..'.: 290 Sugar.' ctls ..... 440
Straw,' tons . .... 22 Quicksilver, flsks. 16
Oats, ctls ...... 619 Brandy, gals .... 6,000
Feed, sks 333
' . , OREGON.
Flour . qr- sks... 22.2GSlGroats sks ...... 240
Wheat, ctls «.2!W|
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls ....10.093|
/ - ForriRn Fiitures.
LIVERPOOL!
-Wheat — Dec. March. ¦ May.
Opening 7 5 ¦; 7 t$»i 1 5H
Closing.......... 7.5« 7 6% 7 5%
PARIS.
Wheat— . - Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening :..' .'.. 23 05' 24 35
Closing '..:. 23 05 * 24 35 >
- Flour — ' : ' ¦-
Opening : 30 65 .31 95
Closing • . . . -. . . ... SO 60 31 85 .
Xortliern Wheat Market.
OREGON./-
PORTLAND. Oct. 20.'— Wheat for export —
.Walla -Walla; '83c; bluestem,- 86c; valley, '$6@
87c. -, For Eastern markets — Walla', Walla, 84c;
bluestem, 87c. ' .' :
• BUTTER — Creamery ! at" first hands. 25@26c
for extras " and - 2<^?24c '. for lower; to medium
grades;. .dairy, 17020c; cold storage. 2o@23c;
store Butter, 14®l«c;' Eastern cubes; 18QS2Hc;
Eastern ladle-packed. 15@lCc. :
CHEESE— 11^612>/4c tor choice mild new
and OglOc for • qld: cold storage. -;10%@llc;
Young Americas, : 11%®12c; • Eastern/ , lt'@15c
per lb.- . : ' ' ¦ i .. ¦ " '.';¦ -.
EGGS— Ranch,', 42§43c for large white re
lected,S9@41c-for good to choice and 3<j@&>c
for common; :i cold ¦: storage, 25®30c; s store,
nominal ; r Eastern. 25@28c for chpice. 23S23c
for. standards and 21@22c for seconds.
' Eggs ruled ' very . firm., with good ranch well
cleaned >up. and a further : slight 'advance Was
noted; ¦- Receipts • were lighter. . - .. . - - .
."The situation in Cheese remained as before.
' Receipts were 33,300 lbs Butter. \ 509 cases
Eggrs ; a nd B2C0. lbs Cheese. ' - : - x
: The - Butter market ~ was more ; demoralized
than ever yesterday. Three houses sent out
cards offering their, finest creameries at 20c
tnd a fourth •'•went them. one better,"- as a
member of the firm saM^by *end>ng- o«t- cards
at 25c. ¦ Tha .d«tnandiwasrvefy-,"sl«yv" aud-stoclca
continued to accumulate,' and 1 the;.day* closed
very ; weak. - :¦'.. ."¦'
Batter, Cheese a-: •' Eggs.
MISCELIiAXEOUS MARKETS.
Cal T C A. SO 8O%| Pao Aux TX. 4H —
Cal Wlna A. — 80Vi(Pac C Borx.lM 1UTH
MV* MtTm. — 105 [Pao 8 Tel Ca.112 US
SALES. 1
Morning Session.
Board —
B Alaska Packers' Association... 89 to
8 Alaska Packers' Association... 89 T5 '
10 Hawaiian Com! & Susar 00'
IS Hawaiian Com! & Sugar 65 BO,
35 Hawaiian Com! * Sugar 65 0O
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 9 60
, .• CO Onomea Sugar Co 23 SO
135 Paauhau S P Co U S'V,
• 65 Paauhau S P Co 15 00
835 S P Gaa A Electrio 6« 00
f. 25 8 7 Ga« 4 Electric 85 78
** 40 Spring k Valley- Water Co..... '.» 00
90 Spring Valley Water Co S3 STH
20 Spring Valley Water C© » 25
$3,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.' 85 SO
$10,000 Spring Valley 6 per cent 104 75
Street —
$5,000 Sacramento El Gas * Ry B&.103 00 -
15.000 S P of Arizona (1900) ,..109 75
$10,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped).. 110 25
$29,000 Spring Val Wat genmtg 4*.. MOO
Afternoon Session.
• Board— •" '*..;
10 Alaska Packers' Association... M 00
5 Alaska Packers* Association... 97 SO
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 97 00
40 Alaska Packers' Association. . . 96 50
60 Alaska Packers' Association... 96 25
5 Alaska Packers" Association... SW 75
110 Makawell 28 CO
100 Oceanic 8 8 Co 3 SO
U0 Paauhau S P Co 15 00 ..
75 Paanhau S P Co... 14 75 "
60 S F Gas k. Elactrto, • 90...... 00 00
125 S T Gaa ft Electrio 68 00
$3,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped).. 110 25
$3,000 United R R of S K 4 per ceat. 85 50
Street — -
$1,000 Spring Val VTa. gen mtge is. . 99 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
? Bid. Ask. : " • • Bid. Ajk.
Bay CPC 6m. — 103 87 * NP 6s.U2 —
B L Wat 6s. — 1144 9 P C R 4s.~ 98 103
Cal NW 5» .112 — S P Co 4%s.l01U102
M C Wat Ss.100 " — Sun T«l 6s. . .113 . — . ;
Ris I Wks5s — 105 i Do 6s .....105% — .
SF Drdi 5S.112 , — * Suttr-st R5S.104 .->- ¦,
.''¦ ' • MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. v
Ala S Co... — 27 LonA 67 Bit. — 60
Amer Bis Co — 90 . Mat Nm Co. 60 — •• '
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Ner Nat BK.195
Cal G&ECor. 48 SO N S R R Co. 8^ — ', -¦
C Jockey CT. — 112% N Cal P Co. »H —
Cal Powder. 130 145 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I ft T. — 155 IOO7 Hall A 84 —
Cen Bk. Oak — . 75 Orpheum Co. — 15|&
Chutes Co .. — 8 PacC Cas Co. 125 —
City ft C Blc — 12O Pac. Sur Co. 103 —
Cyp L, Imp.. — ' O% Paraf Paint.. 39 — •
East Dynm.. — 375 4 S F Drydoek. — W
DptPwd pfd — 85 S7ASJ Coal. 17H 20
Do com ..38 — S J Wat Co.103^ —
7N Bk. Oak. 120 — SO ft MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 40c — Swiss- A Bk..H5 —
7rnch-A Bk.107 115 - Track Elect.. 11 —
Gas Con A.. 18% — im InC pfd. « «2H S
Hono P Co. — «H Do com ... 12% —
Do pool .. — 27 I
SALES.
' Morning- Session. !" "?'£• (*'
, ¦ ¦ -Street — . - . . • ... - . .- ' .¦ -',:
100 Truckee Electric Co, cash...... 11 80
*¦"¦» Afternoon Session.
- Street—
100 Alameda Sugar Co 25 00
* California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil S'ocks— Bid. Asked.
Associate Trust Cert....... 24 - 25
Aztec ..r. ......'. 60 '.....
Caribou 5 00 ....
Claremont ..;............... 77% ....
Esperanxa .... 150.
«our ....................... oq ....
I Home ................ *.k .••• 90 ••••
Independence >..........*.... 27 ....
Junction t 13 " ...~; -
Kern Jliwme 11 00 .....
Monarch of Arizona «.' 80 40
Monte Cristo •....' 70.
Occidental of W Va „ 08 04
Oil City Petroleum.......... 38 88
Sovereign . ...'iV/.TTrr....... ••-• *»
Fischer's Theater...... 50 1 CO /
ssMHsssSissSMBRr" SALES). ' '
Morning Session.'
100 Horn ..1. ...... ;--f»S
34 California Jockey Clab ....110 0O_
' "'Afternoon Session. '
1000 Oil Oty Petroleum... ;.......«.. W*
300 Oil City Petroleum 87
1700 Oil Cits Petroleum. • 10.......... 57
.. Sibling Stocks. ." - % -•
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. ;
- -Following were the salos on the San Fran-
Cisco Stock and Erchang^ Board yesterday? .
Mornins Session — Comstocks.
600 Con Imperial. 02 l'O Sierra N«v.... 27
100 Con Cal ft V.I 25 100 Union Cos.... . 27
50 Con Cal ft V.I 30 600 Utah 08
100 Potosi ....... 13 100 Yellow Jaclc tt. 19
500 Savage ...... 27
Afternoon 8essio»— • Comstoeks.
200 Andes ....... 21 100 Ophlr .........2 30
200 Cbollar IS 100 Savage .,.:.i. 37 '
800 Con Cal ft. V.I 35 300 Union Con.... 39
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS. 'iS&B&Bi
Btd.Ask.| , . Bid.Ask.
Alpha. :"...... 14 • ie Julia ".... 08 or
AiUi. 04 Oflljustic* ...:... 08-07
Andes. 24 25lKentuck .." 02 04
Belcher 2« 23; Lady wash .. 02 08
Best i Belch. 1 10 1 20!Mextcan 1 15 1 2)
Bullion"...;'" 'SO 211 Occidental .:. t-4- 7«
Caledonia .... $3 39 ! Ophlr i 25 2 30
Challenge ... 13 20 Overman ..... 14 13
Cholla, ...... 17 I8JP0UJSI... 13 14
¦ Confidence ... SO »0 Scorpion ...... OR 07
Con Cal ft V.I- 30 1 33 Savage ....... ;'«. » .
Con Imperial. 01 02 S«g Belcher.:'. 07 08
Con'N'T'.... OS " OS Sierra Ner. ... 27 2S
Crown Point.. OS 10 Sliver Hill.... 31 82
E. Sierra Nev 03 0« St. Louis .... 07 OB
Eureka Con.". — 60 Syndicate .... 08- 05
Eichequ*r ... 45 60 union Con.... 87 3m
Gould ft Cor. 14 13 Utah ....-.'.... 07 CS
Hale ft Norc.. 55 \ BOJTellow Jack— 1%-. . 19
TONOPAH AND GOLDF1ELD STOCKS.
/• , Morning Session.
700 MacNamara . ¦' 29! lOi^O Paymaster . .. 03
100 Mont Ton ...1 961 500 Rescue .»*...:.- U
Afternoon Session.
¦ 500 Jumbo .... .. 51 200 Ton B«lmont . . 72
: 2000 MaeNamara . 33 500 Ton Gold Mt. IS
I0O Mont Ton ...1 95 100 Ton of Ner.9 62%
1000 NT. Ton ... 10 ;
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah. .
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Ton of Niv — 9 62% Rescue ....... 11 12
Mont Ton ...1 90 2 00 Ray ft O'Brien' — M
TonExten ..1 65 — Paymaster ... 02 05
MaeNamara . 20 30 LJttle Ton .. 2O — :
Ton M id way. . - . — 40i Esperansa .. : . ; 01 - " 02
Ton^elmont.. 72 731 Gold Anchor..- 2O —
Ton N Star... 18 19'Quincy . T 'U""-'-;
West End .... — 18 N T Ton .... — 10
Ton Gold Mt.* 17, 20'
» - ' Goldileld.
Sandstorm ... — 24' OoMHeld Mhk. 19 19
Red TOP '.... —- 131 Jumbo ....... 31 — ;
'- TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. .
"" Following were the sales on the San Fran- *
clsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
' Morning . Session. ' ' **
8000 Esperanxa ... Oil, 50 Mont Ton ...t 00
10O GoldHeld Mia 49 600 Ton Belmont.. 73
800 Golddeld Mln 47! 200 Ton Betmont. . 73
500 Jumbo Ex ..• 1»1 300 Ton Midway.. M
1«24 Jnmbo'...... 51J200O Ton Midway.. 39
400 Jtimbo ;...vr 85 100 Ton of Ner.. 9 50
100 MaeNamara ¦:. 29} 03QHtiH9H99l
'; . "Afternoon ; Session. .
8000 Esperanaa OljlOOO N T .Ton .... 10
< 100 Gotdfleld : Mln « 431 KX) Rescue ....... 11
1000 Jurobo Ex .. "16! "1W» Sandstorm ...• 5A
- 500 Jumbo EX . . 15 100O Ton Midway. .37
500 Jumbo ... ... Bit 100 Vernal, Mb».. CO
4000 MaeNamara •-.291^hHbssssbs1|
". CLOSING , QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask.l- I- * ' •-, BKLAsh. ¦'.'
Adams ...."..'-— Ill Mont Ton"... 1 90 1 93.
BUck Ants .. — lOiNiT'Ton ....—:; 0>
"A. car of Western Poultry was. marketed,
making. the fourth for the week, and another
car ¦ was \ reported close at hand and due | at
any time. Receipts from domestic points-were
85 coops, and good . stock cleaned, up well at
steady prices.':. • > . ;^ ',:
Game came to hand in . good condition and
most- kinds were higher. v "
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old. l-i®16c per
lb; for .Gobblers and 15@l~c for Hens: young
Turkeys.' 20®2*Jc per lb: Geese, per pair. $1 60
©2;' Goslings. ?2®2 25; Ducks. $1 50@5 per
dozen ¦ tor . old , and -, ?3®6 for ¦¦ young; Hens,
$4 5i*T) for small. and $5 SCtT'-i for large: young
Roosters,' $3 6O@0; old Roosters. $4 50@5; Fry
ers. $1 50@5; Broilers, S-"<g4: -Pigeons.- $1 25
per dozen. for old: and $2$ 2 25 for Squ'aba
GAMK— Mallard '; Ducks, ?3@6 . per -dozen;
Canvasback, $.35i7; Teal. $2 50#3; Sprig, $2@3;
Widgeon., $2; Red -Heads, $2@3; email. Ducks,
II 75: Oray Gees?. $4; White Geese. $1 5C®2;
Brant. $1 50@2 50; Honkers, -*3©5; Snipe,
S3' for English and $1 50 for'common; Doves,
$lftl 25; Hare. S1 J 75i@2; RabblU.- $2 for Cot
tontail and $1 60 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
« ¦
SUMMARY OP THE MARKETS.
Xew York 6tocks still active and low
er. Cotton declined.
Another drop In Alaska Packers to
Wheat and Barley futures weaker.
Other grains unchanged.
Bran and Middlings declined. • Hay
weak.
Bean .marker etill depressed by wet
goods.
Stocks of Potatoes still heavy. Onions
firm.
Poultry and Game well cleaned up
and firm.
Xot mueh change In the Fruit market.
Butter still lower and demoralized.
* Eggs Metier. Cheese unchanged.
Provision* quiet at the low prices.
Hop market still in fine shape and
firm.
What Wall Street Thinks. '
Brokers' wires from New York to E. ¦ F.
Eiitnr, & Co. yesterday said:
STOCKS— The Etock market is upsetting the
calculations of the most steadfast bulls cf
the past six months, and the be£t judges agree
to-night th&t Its extraordinary advance is due
to the enormous buying of the public Fcr,
irhlle soir.e -critic* *lill contend that the up
ward movement has* been entirely profes
sional, the enlargement ' In commission -house
oesiness during October has been such that
there Is no question that outsiders are In con
trol temporarily, at least, of the epeculatlve
situation. In ehort. the cliques and pools are
larrely out of stocks which they carried for
oVer a year, but which are now in the hands
of the public. The rapid advance which has
been sent; on for "about four months to a
iaxge extent baa discounted the improved con
ditions. Etocks which vet* accumulated dur
lcj: the decline of the past year and a half
fcave been coznint out of atrons boxes very
rree'.y during the past week and passing into
the hands of speculator* at large. The volume
of epecuiatlve business. &« indicated by the
?ery large daily trading, makes a very pood
market tor thcee securities. In ay opinion
.St ;e Just a question of time when the weight
of these selling will be felt by the various
Els now operating In the market. The ap
»ching election day. while the remits «eem
ured. will tend to ihake holders of stocks
•oujbt on this advance timid, and some llould
fctton aa a result is likely to be in evidence.
Stocks and Business.
Tbe New Tork circular of Henry Clews
"The speculative s! tuition haa not yet reach
»d the danger point, but prices are now so high
that the temptations to take profits are «nor
teous. *nd are of course increased with every
•dvance. The public is coming into the mar-
Jtet- with increasing force daily and as the
hig interests are not likely to" permit any
•erious reaction the prospects are for an ex
cellent trading market during the next few
*-e*ka. One of the influential elements in the
¦ituatltm is that leading bankers have lm
rcrtaut deals and new flotations In prospect.
As a weak market would interfere with, each
plans, these parties cannot well afford to per
mit any serious decline, and would probably
•neourace a bull market wrthin reasonable
lln.it?. On their tide is the continued im-
XTt.verr.ent in business, also ease In the money
market. Railroad managers who are In an
edvantajreous position for looking ahead are
, c0nf.1Jer.Uy expecting a heavy traffic this fall
and winter: «o confident, in fact that they
•tre pre?ficg for deliveries of new can and
rlacinp additional orders for others In order to
t* ready for the expected trade revival..
¦Uhfcln a short period our railroads have
Tl&.c<-} orders for 20.000 new freight cars In
the iron trade the rocevery haa been remark
able, at .times almost running into m. buyers'
panic, eo complete has been the change Con
tracts for nearly 200.000 tons of plglron have
been placed during the last few days at an
advance of $1 . per ton. Other branches cf
tbe iron trade are sharing in the rivival. and
copper, too. it in large demand at advancing
prices. The business outlook in nearly all
respects is satisfactory, and if the forward
movement can bo kept within the lines of
moderation present prosperity may b« con
tinued indefinitely. Nothing could injure its
j*TmaiKnee more than a 'boom.'
. ' 'Conditions In the etock market are thus
favorable to active trading. On all sharp
advances the prudent operator will take his
rroBt5 ard. await the opportunities, which
will be frequent, of buying only on the eab
etiuuial declines. A good many clocks are
beyond intrinsic value, and while the
market still seems destined for a h!rb»r level
tfcw^ner^eelty for caread • discrimination -by
both investors and marginal operators is in
creasingly apparent."
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%©
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7 VJ ©7 %c according
to ; quantity. - • :> . , .
¦ SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c:
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated, 6.10c: Dry
Granulated; fine, 6c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only) 5.90c; Confectioners' A, 6c;
Magnolia A.- 5.60c; Extra C. 5.60c; Golden C.
5.40c: ' fD." 5.30c; barrels, . 10c more; : half
barrels.- 25c more: boxes, 50c more: 60-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c : H. A E. Crystal Domlnoa.
9c , per ' lb. . No . orders taken for less than
seventy-flve barrels or Its equivalent.
cases.- 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 35c;
in cases. 31c. 3^ J *tf}aift^ l H|f-»M| | *'hCdiirii'i '
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon in cases -and
75c in drums and Iron barrels. •- .
¦ COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19%c; Astral. 19%c;
Star, 19%c: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 26c; So.
cene 23c; Deodorised Stove • Gasoline, in bulk.
16c; In cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; In
'. 'OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for eaaea
add 5c ;¦' Linseed 53c per gallon for boiled and
51c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. l.,70c;
Bakers* A A. cases. $1 10©l 12; Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 48c- for raw; China Nut. cases,
66@80c per gallon: ¦ Cocoanut Oil, In barrels,
58c . for > Ceylon and 65c for Australian ; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Sperm "Oil, 63«; extra bleached winter .Whale
Oil 67c: natural Whale Oil, 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65e;
pure : Neatsf oot Oil, 73c ; No. 1 Neatsfoot ' Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c: raw
Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. -31c.
COAL— Wellington, , $8 per' ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle, $6 50:, Bryant,. $6 50;
Beaver Hill, $5 50: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Richmond, $7 50; Cumberland. . $13 . In
bulk and $14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania, An
thracite Egg, $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump $11 SOuCannel, $9 per ton; Coke,
$11 5O@1X per ton In, bulk and $15 In sacks;
Rocky . Mountain descriptions,. $8 60 per short
ton. ¦ • . . : _ . , !
BAGS— Grain Bags. $5©5 25; Ban Quentin,
$4 50- Wool Bags 30©32c; Fleece Twine." 7%t:
Fruit Bags, ' 6%07%c for white . and 7c for
brown Jute. ' ..*.'¦•
General Merchandise.
OMAHA, Nebr.. Oct. -... 26.-tCATTLE—Re
ceipts, R600; steady to; shade Mower; native
steers. $4.2"xff6 40; cows and heifers, $2 50<g>
.1 75: Western steers, $2 90@4.65; Texas steers.
$2 75®3 75; range cows and heifers,: $2 25<i|>
3 30; canners, ¦ SI 50<iS2 15; stockers and feed
ers, - $2 40*83 90: calves, '¦¦ $3@5 50; bulls -and
stags. $1 75@3 25. '-' ¦ ,
HOGS— Receipts. 6000:- market 10c ' lower:
heavy, JJ5#5 ilO; mixed. ?5 05@5 10: light. $5®
5 15; pigs, $4 .Vt^tB; bulk of sales, $5 05O5 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 9500; steady, strong:
Western" yearlings, N $3 75<9'4 25; ewes. $3 23fj
3 70;. common • and stockers, . $2 50@3 85;
lambs, $4 50ig5 55.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., * Oct. 26.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 17.0CO; steady < to .: 10c lower; native
steer*, " $4@6 30; : native cows and . heifers,
$1 5004 60: stockers and feeders," $2-25@3 25:
bulls, $1 75ig3 25: • calves, ; $2 50@6: ¦ Western
steers, $3274 50: Western cows, $1 5O@3 50. :¦
HOGS — Receipts, 10,000; >5©10c lower; bulk
of sales, $r>®3 20; heavy,^$5.2O©5 30; packers,.
$5@5 25; pigs. and lights, $4 85(g5 15. -. :
SHEEP — Receipts, 6000; stronger; I muttons,
$3 3O®4 10; lambs, ?4@5 60; range wethers,
$3 25^4 15; ewes, $2 50@3 50: Utah wethers,
105 pounds, $s>; Utah lambs, 61 poui.ds, $5 30.
• .Omaha. "^^iS3f
Kansas ; City.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, v Oct. . 26.— ¦"CATTLE— Receipts,
83,000,",. including 6000 Westerns;- market lOo
lower; goodto prime steers,' $5 80@6 75; poor
to • medium, - $3 60@5 40; stockers and feeders,
$2@4 ; cows, ¦ $1 60@4 50 ; heifers, ¦ $2@5 ; can- 1
ners. ¦ $1 25@2; bulls. • $2@4 10: • calves, $3©
6 00; Texas fed steers, $4 60@5 60; Western
steers, $3 25<8« ?*i 1fj r! Ti^ri^iBfMlHiinbtifii''tlBITI
¦ . HOGS— Receipts, 28,,000; to-morrow, 18,000;
market lOo 1 lower; mixed and . butchers, $4 80®
5 40: good to' choice heavy. $5<g5 35; rough
heavy, $4.75@5 10; light, ; $4 75@5 25; bulk of
sales,' ?5©5 20. ' . -' • :'"¦;
- SHEEP— Receipts, 30,000; ( sheep and '• lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $4@4 75; fair
to choice mixed,. (3 25@4; Western sheep, • $3®
4 25; -Western lambs, $4@5 90; native lambs,
$4©6 25. ..
VEGETABLES— String Beans. 2®3c per
lb: • Wax K Beans. . 2@3q . per lb; . Lima Beans.
4%@5c per lb; Tomatoes. 50@90c per box; Sum
mer 8quash, 60©76c per box; Cabbage; 60c per
ctl ; Carrots. 75c per «ack; Cucumbers, 35(?5Oc
?«^ro OX: - GarUc - *%©-*HcP«r:ib; Egg Plant.
35@50c per box; Dried Peppers,-nominal; Green
Okra. ¦; 60@75c per, box; Green Peppers 25®50c
per box; Mushrooms, 12%®20c .per ! lb; Mar
rowfat and Hubbard Squash. $10@12 per ton
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 40®
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 30 per ctl •
River Keds.75®!i5c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes.'
75c<8$l- per ctl. ¦-¦.•,•-; -¦
ONIONS— $1 30®l 60. per ctl.'
Miscellaneous vegetables moved off freely
and several. kinds were quoted higher. There
were very few/Tomatoes received. Fresha'r
rivals from across the bay sold at 50® 75c and
river lots , brought ; 85®90c per box. » Old and
leaking lots were selling down to 25c per box,
but there was very little such ¦ stock . offering.
String and Wax Beans were in free supply and
weak, i" -¦' ¦'.-¦; I i -¦>.-¦¦ . .- :¦.¦
The dally, receipts of river Burbanks are too
heavy for the local market to absorb and as
there la no - movement to speak of. in. ship
ping channels stocks are steadily accumulating
and the market Is very mueh depressed. The
bulk of the supplies Is controlled by a few
dealers, however, and they are not Inclined
to reduce prices. Salinas Burbanks were easier
and the : top • quotation ' was •; shaded. ; Sweets
were gradually cleaning up and the best offer
ings did a little better.; Onions were flrtn and
unchanged. ,;¦-'-' - . r ¦¦ ¦ . . . • / ¦ ¦ ¦ . ; . •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables:
CATTLE, SHEEP .AND HOGS.
. The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 400
45 per cent shrinkage for. Cattle: .
CATTLE— Steers. 7%®7%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 5%@6%c; thin Cows, 4©5c per lb.
B CALVES — 4®4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%©3%c: Ewes. 3«3%o
per lb (groes 1 weight)* - • ¦ ¦
LAMBS— $2 60S2 75' per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs 4%e;
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and und«f. 4%c;
over 250 lbs, .4%c; soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sows.- 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per .cent off,
and Stags, ' 40 per cent oft from above quota
tions. •
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates, from slaughterers to dealers
are as follow*: ¦ -
BEEF — 5©7o . for Steers -. and 4$Se per lb
for Cows. "••;
VEAL— Large. «%©7%e; small; 7©9e per lb.
- MUTTON — Wethers, 7©7%c; Ewes, 6©7c per
pound.' - ' , . ¦•-"-: . • -
LAMB— 8®9c: per lb.
PORK — Dresse<0 Hogs. 6©8c per lb.
DRESSED KEATS.
The market continues liberally supplied .with
the different descriptions and prices remain as
before.
Meat Market.
Receipts of Beans were 5029 sacks, making
31,683 ; thus • far * this week. '-¦• The market con
tinues quiet, for reasons stated almost daily
of late. Buyers still hold oft, and though there
is a steady movement to the ¦¦ southwest. It ¦ Is
of ~ small proportions. --' The feeling- is ," ea«y
and unsettled, and: will doubtless continue eo
until' the wet. Beans are got out of the way.*
.""- BEANS— Bayos. $2 75@3 ; - Pea," $3 10@8 25;
Butters. - $2 75@3; small White, $3 15©3 40;
large -r. White,. $2 40®2 65; Pink. $2 60®2 7B
for dry; , Red. 4 $4 25@4 50; Lima. $4 15@4 80;
Red Kidneys. $4 50@4 75; Blackeyes. $2 609
2 70 per ctl; Horse Beans $1 85®2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25; Flax.' » $2®2 75; .' Canary 6%
©7c;'' Alfalfa. * 15%@16%c:- Rape. , 1%©2%c:
Tlmothy.^5%c; Hemp, 3%@3%c per lb; Millet,
2%@3%c; ¦ Broom * Corn Seed, . $20021 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 25; .new Green
Peas, $2@2 25 - per ctl.
Beansr and Seeds.
May ........ 1 13%' 1 18%- 1 12% 1 : 12%
July.. ....... 98% 99% . . 97% . 98
i'-Corn .No.". 2— - . ¦..'..'...... ;.-.¦.-. ."',
October ...'.. .:.... ¦.*=•'•• V' ¦• ..'.'.". 64 ;
December.::: ,"49% • - 60: 49% 49% ,
May 1 .,:..;;. / 46% . 46% ' .. : 48 , V ¦ '46%
- Oatii \ No." 3— .~. ¦ • ..
October......' 29% 30 ' 29% 30
December... : 29%. 29%''- ; 29% .29%
May. ........ .31%*: 31%, - 81%v • 81% |
Mess Pork,* per: barrel — > . ' ". .= j
OctoberXT7rri»»rr..;' !^t .... .... 10 85-1
January ..:.. 12 80 • 12 40 13 80 . 12 82%
May ........ .... .:....... 12 35
» ! Lard;; per* 100 pounds — -. ¦
October "..... .... ........ 7 10..
January .....7 07% 7 15 7 07% 710
May .V.:v... 7 22% 7 25 ...7 17% 7 17%
Short, Ribs, 'per 100" po'unds — ' ¦ . -••_• '
October '.......... ¦¦.....'^. : ;..'. 7.15 -¦ .
January .'.V. 6 40 ,645 - -6 40 6 42%
May -....: 6 62% 6 60 6 62% 6 67%
• 'Cash Grain and Provisions. .
- CHICAGO, Oct. ; 26.— -Cash ; quotations . were
as: follows: Flour, firm; No. '2 : sprlng wheat.
$1 13®1 16; No. 3, $1 06@l 13; . No.^red.
$1*16%@118V4; No. 2cornr65c; No.;2 yellow,
67c; No. '2 -oats.' 80c; No. 2; white, 82c; * No.
8 white, 30% c; No. 2 rye, ¦78%c: 1 good; feeding
barley, 37%c; : fair • to* choice malting,; 47@48c;
No.: 1 flaxseed, $1 08@113;;No. 1 fNorthwest
ern. $1 15%; prime timothy seed, $3 40@2 46;
mess f pork, per - barrel, $10 87%©11; lard, ¦ per
; 100 pounds, $8 37%@S 87% ; / short ribs sides
(loose), x$7I2%@7 25; • short ¦ -clear •' sides
(boxed),-- $7 37%@7 50; whisky. \ ; basis of high
-winee, $1 24; clover, contract grade, $12 15. •
Articles— • . ¦¦¦ Receipts. Shipments.
: Flour, barrels ............ 40,900 , 28.900
Wheat, bushels ...194,000 78,100
Corn, bushels ............ .134,900 * 69,500
Oats, bushels' .............240,700 162,300
! Rye.- bushels ;......... 7.200 '-P 12,300
Barley,: buehels ¦ .."137,400 28,900
r . ¦ ¦. . • -— ¦•'¦'•¦ : ; ' ¦: , * ¦
gutter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, ' Oct. ' 26.-^-On the V Produce Ex
change to-day t fie Butter market was firm;
creameries! 15@21%c; dairies,. 13@18C Cheese,
! dull, ;i0@10%c Eggs; at mark,; 16%©18%c. ;
8.B00|Amer Cotton Oil 88 82 8»%| 83
100 Do pfd... 85 95 95 98'
200 Am Dist Tel..'.. !27% 27' 26 28
• Amsr Ex.....;. 206 210
Am Grass Twine ..-.>. ;.... 7 7%
Am Hide A Leath 6 6%
~\'"Z Do pfd.. 20 23%
1,200 American Ice..: 8% 7% 7% 8%
1.C0O Do pfd......:. 36% 85»4 35% 86}4
300 Amer Unseed... 13 13 13' 13%
Do pfd........ : ..;. 36V. 38
5,300 Amer Locomotive 27% 27 27 14 27%
400 Do pfd........ 99 98% 98% 9S%
Amer Malt...... 9 9%
«*> D*o pfd 22% 22 21% 22%
8,200 Am Smelt A Ref 72 70% 71% 71%
SOO Do. pfd.......; 114 • 118% 112% U3
82,3«> Amer Sugar.:.. 1 . 1S9% 187% 138% ISotf
. lOOj Do pfd........ 134% 134% 133% 134)4
200 Amer Tel A Tel 144 144 143U 144%
Amer Tob pfd :.... 144% 115U
100 Amer Woolen... 18% 18% 18 18%
1» Pfd......: 83% 84%
Anaconda .•% 96 99
100 Ann Arbor...... 80 30 SO 32;
Do pfd........ ..... : «0 64
60,»00|A, T A S P 87>4 89% 86^4 86%
S,100| Do pfd 102% 101 Vi 101% 101%
8,500 Bait A Ohio..... WTi 03% 04\4 »*H
2.80W Do pfd 9fl 9« 95 96%
-.|Bay State Gaa :..... % 8-32
21.000 B-B-T 68% 66% 66% 66%
.Brooklyn Un Gas 226 227
....... lliruns, wick DAI 8 »
IButterick Co 60 61
100|Canada South... 68% 6SU &V* 0S«i
8.700 ; Canaaian Pac... 135% 134% 134% 134%
9.2O0.C A O 46% 45 46% 46%
20OC A A 37% 87% 38 39
Do pfd 80 85
... C A B I. 46% 47
Do pfd 130 145
C A I L pfd... 80 90
15,600 C A G W...;.. 23% 22% 22% 23
1 ' 400 Do pfd A 63 62% 62% 6»
«00 Do pfd B.. 31% 30 31% 32
....... Do dabs 86 S6%
' 1.100 C A N W 19CVi 194% 194 195
46. TOO C, M A St P 173V* 170% 171% 171%
Do pfd 183 184
147.100 C. R 1 A P (new) 33% 30% 32% 33
4,e00j Do pld 74 72% 78% 74
Do 4s 77»i 78H
4.300,ChI Terminal... 10 8% 9% »%
6.3001 Do pld 20 17% 20 • 20%
l,900.Chicaso Un Trac 9 «% Jj;i »
C C C A St L 84% S5
Do pfd 110
Clave Lor A W 70 75
... Do pfd .....'.. ...:. . 85 100
82.000 Colo Fuel A Iron 42 40% 41% 41%
Do pfd*.."..- ..*..... «»% 70%
fcOO. Col Hock C A I. H% 14 14!i 14%
1.000; Colo Southern .. 23 21% 22 22%
I Do 1st pfd 54% 54 &3% 54%
700] Do 21 pfd..... 30 28%, 29% 29%
»^M. Consolidated Gas 216% 214% 214% 215
1.000|Cont Tob Co pfd 125 124% 124 2 125
8O0 Corn Products .. 17% 16% 16V4 17
400 Do pfd ....... 75 74 74% 74%
. 8,400 D«l A Hudson.. 180 178 178^1173%
....'... D'Xj'A W 297 2»9 .
1.600 D A R G. .. 81% 30% 31 31%
1,200 Do pfd 84k 62% 84 84%
....... Dei'M A Ft D. 28% 28%
200|D«trolt Un Ry.. 74% 74 74% 74%
700 Detroit So .... - 6% 5 4% 6} t
200 Do pfd 6% 7% S% . 9
... Diamond Match 134 140
1.800iDlstil Securities'. S3 32U 32% 23
......»| Do Bonds 72% 74
..:..<.. I Duluth S S A A 10 11
1.0001 Do pfd ... 18% 17% 18 ' 18%
188, BOO; Erie- ......; 39% 37»4 37% 37%
6,200 Do 1st pfd *73',4 72 71% 72
3.600 Do 2J pfd 02% 50% 50% 50%
E & T II 5S 60
Do pfd 75 .80
:.jGen Chemical 48 65
....... Do pfd .:... 94 m
600(General Electric 176 175 174% 175%
l.OOO.Gt Northern pfd 105 192 190' 195
Green Cons Cop 20% 20%
Havana Tob Co 29 23%
Do pfd .......•....'...... 38 41
Hocking Valley ;. 82 83
..r 1 Do pfd . . ..... • ; . . . . 89 8»%
S,000{illnols Central .. 144% 143% 143% 144%
800 InterntI Paper.. 1SH 17% 17% 18
Do pfd •. 77% 7«% 76V- 77
InternaU Power. 61% 61%
Internatl Pump". .-. 37 3S
...:... Do pfd ...-. 79 80%
100 Iowa Central .. 27% 27% 27% 27%
400 Do pfd ... 49 48% 48V4 .4!r%
Kanawha A M.. ..... . 30 37
, KC Ft SAM pf 79%t'8O
K C Southern 28 29
300 Do pfd 60 '50 43 50
Keokuk A DM 17% 18
Laclede*Gas pfd 90 100
:\zrz.. Lake Erie A W 35 SO
Do pfd ;-. 94 *)105:
....... (LonK Island 59 60
6.000 Louie A Nash... 135% 133% 134% 134%
7.300 Manhattan 162% 160 160% 101 y,
..-.,.. Manhat Beach. .9% 11
.4.6oniMetropolitan-Sec 85% 84 8t% 84%
Met St By I2S%125% 125% 126
61.OOO!Me3acan Central. 18% 17% is£ 18%
....... Minn A St. L 61 62
1 Do 1st pfd.... ...; '»« OS ¦
S,3OO]M. St P A S S M 8S% 85% RS. 88%
700[ Do pfd... .140 13S% 139% 140
6.GO0-MO. Kan A Tex. 31% 30% 31% 31U
1.500 Do pfd 59V4 OS- 58 '• 58%
49.660 Missouri Pacific, 105% 104 104% 104*4
iNa'sh. C A St L. 13% 13 13% 14
3. 0001 National -Lead... 23% 22% 23% 23%
Do pfd .'. 94 95%
Ntl R R of Mex 22% 22 22% 22%
600 Do pfd 41% 42
National Biscuit 49 49«/4
Do pfd 110V- 112
... New Jen>ey Cen 183 185
N T Air Brake 135' 137
.....".. New York Cen.. 135% 133% 133% 134%
600 N Y, C A St L. . 36 35% 35% 36
....... - Do 1st pfd... 110 118
... Do 2d pfd 69 74
100 New York Dock. 14 14 14 16
200 N Y, N H AH.." 196 196 W5 197
10,200 N Y. Ont A W. 47% 45% 46% 4C%
6,500 Norfolk A West. 72% 71% 71% 72-
Do pfd V. 90 96
»00 North American. 96% 95% 05% 95%
6,000 Northern Sees... 117% 115% 11C% 117%
Omaha : 140 150
Do pfd. 190
.OS L 4s ...102 102%
200 Pacific Coast.... 69% 63% 68 70
Do 1st. pfd ; 92 100
;—?.:. Do 2d pfd .'....-... 76% 79
2.000 Pacific Mall.:... 39 37% 3S% 38%
64.100 Penn R R Co... 137% 136% 136% 13«%
16,500 People's Gas..; 108% 108%
Pere Marqu*>tte. . ..." 75 78%
....... Do pfd.... ..... 77% 78%
P. C.CA St L» ..:.'. ..... 74 77 •
....... l Do pfd.... 101 103%
6, 50<>i Pressed Steel Car 34 33 33% 34;
000 Do pfd 81 SO94 SO'li 81%
..1 Pullman Car Co. .......... 227 229
300!Ry Steel Springs 25 24% 24% 25
400| Do- pfd........ 8C% 86% 85% 88%
39,100 Reading 76 74% 74% 74%
200 Do 1st. pfd...: 87% 87% 87% 87%
Do2dpfd... 80 81.
800 Republic S A I.. 12% 12 11% 12%
1,800 Do pfd.'.:.-.::: w% 52% 52% 52%
.:. Rubber Goods... ..... ..... 22U 22%
.....:. Do pfd........ 84 85
100 Slow S S A I Co 47% 46% 40% 47%
100 Do pfd... ¦.-%..; 96% 96% 96% C6%
i. St J A G I.... 15% 17
.-. Do 1st pfd...: ..... ...:. 51 64
... Do2dpfd.... 25 27-
....... EL A SF lit pfd ...;. 74 76
L600 DO pfd........ 63% 62 62>4 63
«00 St L A 8 W..... 22% 22 22% 22%
2,2O->! DO pfd:-..:.... 60% 49% 49% 60%
119,300 Southern Pacific. 63% 60% 61% 61%
43.500 Southern Ry.... 35% 34% 341». 34V
Do pfd........ 94% 95
Standard Oil.... .646 648
ZOOSUnlRAT.... 2% 1%^1% 2%'
I4.70O!Tenn Coal A I.. 66% 65 56% B«%
....:.. T P L Trust Co 30 33
8,800lTexas Pacific... 35« 35 33% 35%
200 Third Avenue : . 132 132 130 132 .
Tol Ry AT Co.. . ..... 26% 30
200!Tol. ¦ St L A W: 80l£ SO - 30 81
2«TT Do pfd........ 50% 60% 49 49%.
I SOOITwIn City R. T.. 10* 104 103% 104 ,
COOU B A P 7% 7% 7% 7%
501 Do pfd........ 67 67 66% 87.
252 500! Union Pacific ... 111% 109 100% 110,
6C0! Do pfd.......: 95 95 04% 95
......'. Do conv 4's... ..:.. .::.. 112 ¦- 114 .
.......lUnlted Copper .. ...:. ,..".. - 5 '7'
..... U Rds of S F... ..... :.... -10. 17%
...... -Do pfd........ .......... 59% CO
.V....W ; - Do '¦«••. ..:-. R5 85%
800IU SCI P....... 13% 13 . 13% :K%
... Popfd,.... 64, 65
.... U S Exirress..... ..... ."«:.*. 116 118
' 9.000 US Leather .;.. 13 12% .12% 12}A
«100!U S Rubber..... 2S^ 27% 2«'< '-»>%
10OI I>o-ord:. ...... 82% 82% 82% 83
65.200 US Steel Cor... 21% 20% |0U 20%
11R"O0 Do pfd........ "-% »•>% SOT{, ,81
400 Va-Car Cbem Co. 37- 38% 37*4 3714"
2 700 WertingtouBe ... 169 16.% 10.*4 169
• rw> * nf d ....-••• .--•• ..... J 'iif - i-»o i
'"'iftOW A LB.....:.: W i 18% !»<%,,lfl%!
¦ 2.0.W^l«t: ? fd..V. 44% «*j»'f)$lg\
;.;.?;.l r So Pacific p«<I. ..;..|..... 118 . "8% ,
1 770 9«0 total shares sold. v . j
- New' York Bonds.. .;
ti h Wf 2s re«-.104% L A N unified *4s. 102%
US I^,,f! n^".-.i04'H Man con told. 4S.105
"S2 a?wSr: " 1W% Mex Central U... : 73%
Chi & Alton 3i4s. SOU, s L & I M con 68.115^4
C. B & Q new 4s. 98 S L & S F tg 4s. 86%
C.M & SP gn 4S.110 St Louis SW lsts.100,
Cft NWcon 78.128% Seaboard A L 4s. 81 '
C. R I A Pao 4s. 78 So - Paclflo 4sr. ; . . ' 94%"
Do col 5s...... 88' So Railway 5s. ...II8V2
C.C.C A SLgn 4s.lO2% Tex A Pac lsts..l2OV4
Chi Term 4s... .81 Tol. St L A W 4s. 81%
Cons. Tobacco 4s. 74\i Union Pacific 4s.. 1C5J4
Colo: A So U'...: 87% Do conv 4s .... .112
C F A I con 5s. 82H U S Steel 2d 6s:. 87%
Den A Rio O 4s.lOHi Wabash lsts . .. ..119
Erie prior lien 4s.lOOH ¦ Do deb B ....; 66%
Do gen 4s 88U W A L Erie 4s. . . 90%
F W A D C l«ts.lll« Wla Central 4s... V2%
Hock, VaJ 4Hi...lO9^ . ,
* New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con ..... 20 Little Chief ..... 05
Alice ............ 45 Ontario .......... 8 50
Breece .:.„ .. 16 Ophlr .............. 2 10
Bruns Con 12fPhoenix ....'...... 15.
Com Tunnel .... 0» Potosl ....' 10
Con Cal A Va... 1 40 Savage ........... 24
Horn' Stiver ..... 1 60 Sierra Nevada,... 32
Iron Stiver 185 Small Hopes ; 25
'Leadvllle Con.... • 02 SUndard :.....:.. 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
¦_ Money— j U S Steeli......... 20^
Call loans 2®3| Do pfd .....:.. 81.
Time loans 4©5i Westing Common. 83;
. Bonda-7 -. j Mining—
Atchlson 4s ..... 1 01 %| Adventure ....... 4 "
Do adj 4s.;.... 97 Allouei 11%
Railroads— Amal Copper .... 69%
Atchlson •;. 86% AmerZlno ......; 12%
•--Do Pfd lOl^JlAtlantio ......... 14%
Boston A Albany.250 I Bingham ......... 82ij
Boston A Maine.165 I Calumet A Hecla.574
Boeton Elev .....153 .(Centennial .....:. 28*i
Fltchburg pfd 138 Copper Range ... 62U
M « Central 17% Daly West ....... U%
NY NHAH..195 Dom Coal ....... 57
Pcre Marquette.... 7G Franklin ~i ........ 8 Mi
Union Pacific.... .109?i Grancy .3%
Miscellaneous — - Isle Roy ale ...... 22 H
Amer Arge Chem. 19% Mass Mining .... 5%
Do pfd ....... 82 Michigan ........ 9
Amer Pneu Tube. 5H Mohawk ....: 60%
Amer Sugar ....138 14 Mont Coal A Coke 5"k
Do pfd .........135 Old Dominion ...25%
Amer Tel A Te!.143K Oeceola ,.:.....:. 88%
Amer Woolen ... 18 Parrot ........... 26
DopM .." &m Qutncy .;.... 99T;
Dom Iron A 8... 13H Shannon ......... 5!i
EJd Elect Ilium.. 250 Tamarack......... 118
Gen Electrio ....175 Trinity ..; 11%
Mass Electric... 13 U S Mining...... 24>4
pfd 55 U S Oil .11
Mass Gaa ....... 42^4 Utah 41*1
United Fruit ....110 Victoria 4
Un Shoe Mach... 54 WInona 9%
Do pfd . . . . 31 j Wolverine ....... 09
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money.'. .88 3-iej N T Central. ... .140*
Do acct ....... SgttlNor A Western... 74 V4
Anaconda aj. Do pfd^.......: 93
At chi.«on m% ont A Western... 49
n °? 2*™' ' ' ' ' * :i S5,, Pennsylvania .... 70%
£ alt d ?« l0 "HI Rand Mines ..... 10%
££2 •••""SHI Reading ..........38%
Ches A Ohio..... 47%! Do lat pfd..... 45
Ch{ Great West.. 23 '4 Do 2d pfd. ..... 41%.
Chi Mil A St P.17tHi so Railway 36%
De Beers ........ 18 Do pfd ........ 97%
De r? & , R1 ° Q '-" 32^ So Pacific ..:.... 64%
Do pfd ........ 85% union Pacific ....114tf
Er *«: ;• •••• 40% Do Pfd ......... 9714
1 ; t Pfd..... 73 u s steei.......:. nil
.•po^PM 54 Do Pfd ¦ Mi!; 1.84(4
t" Cet^"t' - 149 Wabash.^:........ 23
{? Ul J * Nash.... 138% Do pfj 45%
M. K A Texas... 32% Spanish *s ....... 86%
Bar silver— Firm. 26 13-16d pfr ounce. .
Money_2@2% per cent. .'
The rate of discount in the or$»n market for
short bills is 2% per crnt aijd for thr«e
months* bills 2%g2% per cent.} .
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.— ' Svday"» state
ment of the Treasury balances an the general
fund shown: Available cash balance, $144,
47j{,732: Eold. $78,29.{.0»6. ; : '
Xc\v York Cotton 3lVirket. ', ,
. NEW YORK. Oct. 28. — Cotton - futures
opened steady. October, 9,50c. bid; November,
9.C0c; December, 9.77c; January,. 9. S6c- Febru
ary, 9.90c: bid; March, 9.80c; April, 10c bid;
May, 10.01c; June, lo.O.'.o bid; July.lO.llc.- '.
Futures closed steady. October, 9.52c; - No
vember. O.S2c: December. 9.06c; .January, 9.75c;
February. «>0c; March," 9.S4c;- April, 9.8tic;
May, 0.9«c; June, U.Xlc; July, 9.97c-
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts,
2S,t*H> bushels; exports,. 0500 bushels; . sales.
7600 packages; market was mo-lerately.' active
at firm prices. . ", . " • '
WHEAT— Receipts, "46,400 bushels; "sales,
4,200.000 bushels; futures, gp<xt easy; No. 2
red, ?120% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Du1nth.-|l 28%'"f. o; Tv afloa4:~'No."'lv'hard
Manitoba,; ?1 09 f. o— . b. • aHoat., Options
opened a trifle easy under foreign selling of
May. but in the last hour brclce Severely: in
response to Minneapolis heaviness, closing %q>
?ic net lower. May closed at ?1 . 13%, July
closed ,-at $102% and December closed at
HIDHS — Firm. - ' . /
WOOL— Steady. ii.<' : :- ¦ •
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair reflulng.' 3%c: cen
trifugal, 90 test. 4>ic; molass.«t sugar, 3%c;
refined, steady. «
"Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 involve. 8%c; mild,
dull. The market for coffee futures .closed
steady net unchanged to 6 Joints higher;
sales, 47,000 bags. Including: SOctober, 6 55c*
November, 6.80c; March, 6. 85@rc; May, 7.05O
7.15c; July. 7.25©7.30c, and September, 7.35^
BUTTER — Unchanged.
CHEESE — Unchanged.
EGGS— Unchanged.
DRIED. FRUITS.
' EVAPORATED APPLES— Are In light sup
ply and held with confidence; '¦ common are
quoted at 4©4%c; prime at 4%@5c; choice,
5%<5r.%c and fancy at 6®7c. ,*
PRUNES — Continue firm, part leuarly for the
smaller sites, with 90-100s practically nominal
in the absence ' of offerings. Quotations range
from 2c to 5%c, according to grade. »
• APRICOTS— Are quiet but: firm; choice are
held at 9 % Jf 10c; extra choice, 10V4@10%c;
fancy. ll@13c. . * .,
PEACHES— Also .ere. firm,: though demand
is moderate and business small; choice '•• are
quoted at QtiQVtc: extra choice at 9%©10c
and fancy at 9%©!0c. . • < - 7,
Xew York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2G. — The London tin
market, affected . presumably, by : . speculative
operations, was again higher, with spot quoted
at £131 10s and. futures at £130 10s. Locally
it was quiet. Some of the - larger : dealers I hald
spot at $28 5O@28 62%, -while other quotations
range as high as $29. ¦ v - . ;
. Copper ' was also a - little higher ' in London,'
closing, at £«0 17s 6d for spot and £61 3s 9d
for futures. Locally the market was firm and
a little higher . on 1 the inside prices -of,- lake,
which is now quoted at- $13 37%@13 50; elec
trolytic Is held at $13 12%@13 37% and cast
ing, at $1301312%. . ..¦-:¦
.. Lead was unchanged at" £12 7b Cd In Lon
don and at $4 2004, 42% in the local market.
Spelter was higher in thfe j English market,
closing , at £24 10s. Locally the market was
unchanged. • at $5 30@fi 35. . -
- Iron . closed at 50s • 7d In . Glasgow and at
44s'l%d in Mlddlesboro.. Locally; iron was un
changed. ' : .'/,. '..:. ¦ i . -r.T'iN
¦Hop handlers continue to" quote a very firm
market at unchanged quotations. *
HIDES AND SKINS— Colls and brands sell
about t % #lc iunder * quotations. Heavy ; salted
Steers, ¦ 10%c-.- 1 medium. 9"%c;- light. • 9e: » Cow
Hides. »c • for ! heavy and 9c for- light; : Stags.
7c; Salted , Kip. 10c;' Salted Veal. ¦ lie; Salted
Calf. ll%c; dry Hides. 16%©17c: dry Kip. Ua
14c; dry Calf.. 19c: 8heepsklns. ; shearlings. 2*9
40c i each; - short" Wool." 40©65c each; : medium,
75090c; . long Wool,' 1 161 60; Hone r Hides,
salt.' $2 75 for large and $2®2 50 for medium.
$1 : 50©2 for small . and . 50c . for Colts: Horse
Hides, day, $1 75 .for large and $1 50 for me
dium. $1 . for ' small and • 50c for Colts.
Buck 1 - Skins — Dry ~ Mexican. 30c; " dry -salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skies — Prime 'Angoras, 75c: extra' large • do,
$1 25; large,' 50c; medium. 35c; small, 20c. •
TALLOW— No.'l rendered. 4£4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%c; Grease, 2%®3c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln ' and South
ern, 9® lie; Southern " 8@0c; Southern Moun
tain. 93 lie: 'Middle Counties. . free-, 12O14c:
do, - defective. 10012c; Northern - free, 12014c;
do. defective. . 10®12c; ' Humboldt - and Mendo-
Cino. 14<$15o prr lti ~*iHU*H— TJliu!
HOPS— 1904 crop. 28®31e per IK
Hides, -Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Ing purchased quite freely in one of our larg
est districts during, the past ' few days. ..- About
1500 . tons were . burned •: there ¦ about ten . days
ago j and I this ¦ will • probably, all | be I replaced I In
the near future.^ Hay that Is purchased to go
south .directly, from ¦ the shipping > point seem*
to 'have' no 'effect; whatever on. the. San Fran
cisco ' market, ao '¦ that ; conditions remain : ab
solutely i undisturbed - here. ¦ .
f^To sum up the • situation.-* we - would report
that • although - matters ¦ are - a bit - dull at pres
ent. yet in all probability we will see a fairly
strong market - with • limited '- receipt* -, during
the • winter,'^ with ; next \ spring's .marketVde
pendent on. weather and crop conditions later."
BRAN— $18 50019 50 per* ton. '
MIDDLINGS— $24 50® 27 50 per : ton.
¦ SHORTS— $18 5O@19 60 per ; ton.
I FEBDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $23 50@24 per
ton;: Oilcake Meal . at the mill, $31 5O&32 60;
jobbing, $33 ; > Cocoanut ¦• Cake. $23@24 ; Cocoa
nut • Meal, $24$25; •> Corn ¦ Meal. $30 5O®31 60;
Cracked Corn, -$31@32; Mixed Feed. -$22@
22 50; - Horse Beans. $30® -10 - per ton ; Broom
Corn Feed.^ 90c per ctl.': .; v- ¦ . v . r- ;. : i -
HAT— Wheat. , $10®15 60; Wheat ': and Oat,
$10® 14 50; Oat, $9@13:~> Barley and Oat. $3
S12; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7010; stable, $9
11 ; ' stock, $5 50@7; < Clover. $7@10; ; Alfalfa,
$a@12.per ton.* --. -
.'STRAW— 85©65c per bale.
half barrel*. 8% o; one.tleree,'8%e; two Heroes.
8 % c ; five, tierces, 8Hc" per lb. -
THE "SAN -FRANCISCO GALL,; THURSDAY^OOTOBER 27; 1904:
Continued on Page Twelve.
** iTbe - market.' continues i quiet i and : featureless,'
1 and" the ¦ quotations ¦ show; no ' change.". » " •-' ••->
:¦:- ¦ CURED -MEATS — Bacon, '^ lie -" per \- lb " , for
i heavy,'- He ¦¦ for I light > medium;* 13%c t for.' light.
14@14%c ¦- for extra • light s and s 15c • for . 6Ugar
cured;% dry S Salt 8ides/; £ 10c; \ Bellies, -.lie;
Eastern ''-< sugar- cured- -: Hanis,""!- 13c ;"« Califor
nia '; Hams.-'- 1 12Uc : 5 Mess ' Beef.v $10®10 BO a per ;
bbl-,:extra Mess/;$10 50@ll; Family,' $12312 50;
'prime"' Mess -¦ Pork s$14 60;:? extra - clear «'$23:
Mesa,-! $17 50; ! Dry ' Salted Pork. 10% c ; Pig pork.
$28: Pigs" i F«ct,->9S:i Smoked Beefy; 14c per lb.V..-.
jr- LARD — Tierces ¦ quoted t at r 6%c « p«r; lb » for
California] compound, '• 7c ', for : Eastern compound
and j 9©9%c : for' pure; ; half- barrels,'- pure, '.9\i &
,9%c: .10.1balns,"il0«4c; i 5-lb*tlni.;i0%c; 3-lb
;tln«.".10%c. :*:¦-:',, t v , '.-¦;¦-¦:.;•* .*.<•, -."¦/. -
:¦} COTTOLENE-^One . half- barrel.'' 894c; three
Provisions.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
COMING AUCTION SALE
lOOHead JohnCollIns'
MODOC HORSES
Finest lot of sound young work and driving-
nones ever brought to San Francisco; weight
1100 to 1500 Doundi.
_ Also 20 head of FANCT. STTUSH DRTV-
5*O and CARRIAGE HORSES. MATCHBD
TEAMS. FAST ROADSTERS.
[ - First Sale of the
t WESTERN HORSE MARKET. >
Every horse will be guaranteed to b« Just as
j represented.
Sale begins 11 a. m.. BAT.. Oct. 29. 1904.
220 VALENCIA STREET. , . "
E. STEWART. Auctlon-T.
. (Formerly 721 Howard at.)
AT AUCTION.
THIS DAT. TKTOSDAT. OCTOBZS 37.
• At 11 o'clock! at the
INTERNATIONAL HORSE MARKET,
Corner Twelfth and Harrison sts.
By order of MR. C. R. SUOGETT Of Cohiss,
I will sell two carloads of HORSES, broken
and unbroken, from 4 to 8 years old. from 1000
to 1600. Just arrived, and must and will be sold.
8. WATKiyg. Auctioneer.Let Edward Knowlea & - Co." flrnrs ; on your
catalogue.*, 24 ¦ Second ¦ »t., ¦ sear Market.' *
*'Ari! : unusually ) fine collection' of Jart;fuf;
niture^" 3 paintings,' i ceramics 1_ and ' • Navajo
blankets »will 'be; soldi by| auction Eatf 326
Post street. :E.' Curtis conducts the sale.*
Auction* Extraordinary .To-Day.
: A DEBATING ; LEAGUE \ CON VENTION.'— The'
thirteenth , annual' convention; of i the ' Debating
League of ( California will v be iheldi at j Bcnicla
next *. Saturday."*,"; Representatives i of i some % fif
teen , schools from I the I central : part of | the ¦ State
wHU be> present. .6 Delegates * to! the ; numbers of
•eventy-flve. arei to attend."";-. Tho .mont interest-
Ins topics relating to debating .will be taken up
and' discussed." t. :, ", ;V ; -.v, ;¦•.,. ¦'; '¦- ;,¦"¦:. . ,- ¦¦-,- ¦¦¦.-
.Without seeing the' Diamond Pajace would
be like visiting Europ ewithbiit seeing Par
is^.It Is'aleadingifeature of San Francis
co, i and ; is ; ;.the k most *, beautiful * : jewelry
store i in', the . world.' v.Vlsltors ( or/ purchas
ers -are equally s welcome.^ 221. Montgom
ery . street,* between ,'Bushi and ; Pine.- • ;-
To i Visit ; San * Francisco
-The - police were notified early yes
terday, mornlng'-by, Mrs. Wheeler of the'
Chinese Presbyterian , Mission that she
had ' received "" a"; note , purporting to be
sighed by Ng Sing ".Gua, daughter of
Ng , Hock •Chew, 811 Clay street, which
read, ''Rescue me orl\will make my
self ; dead."^ It",also : said that ,she and
her -sister" were ' to be . sent - Los An
geles to ; be ; sold :: as" slaves.' . ; "•
& Detectives Braig and;Silvey went to
811. Clay street,* and when Ng Sing Gua
saw them she : became frightened '<and
Jumped out of < a window, to, the side
walk/, a ; distance of . about ; fifteen ; feet.
SheVstartedr'to r run :away,. but was
quickly overtaken. She ; and-^her i sister
were!; taken "I to » police / headquarters,
wh^re they\were joined by Mrs. Wheel
er. 1 . They waited till the arrival of Cap
tain .Burnett,.; who" made an_ investiga
tion* and'discovered , that the*;, note sent
to >Mrs. -,Wheeleri.was : a forgery. , Ng
Suey ': Sang/; a " former ; partner - of .the
girls': father,- \ is suspected ': of ,*; having
sent ¦ the "note 'from a spirit 'of '. revenge.
TheTgirrs were' taken^back ; 7to their
home .by'Mrs.: Wheeler. ¦'*
Police Notified and Appearance of Two
Offlcers Causes . Excltcnient in
: 'Ns Ilock Chew's Home.
After.the'election cin. instructive pa
per,ioh;•'.'Preparing for.a.Mqdern-War'*
was^read^by' George -C. Sargent.; %The
next meeting; will; be, held at the -same
place, on "Wednesday,^Decemberil4,'.at
8 .' p. i m.' ,\ Evry ! citizen,^ male ; orj female,
is 5 eligible ;? to * membership^ ;T The ; 'dues
arel $ 1 v per :year.^.i Thfere is ¦' norinitia
tion j f ee. j' Meetings j "of * the j section \ take
place; every.: tWolraonths,^ atlwhicH*ad
dr esses ;are?delivered|on^ subjects; per-*
taining 1 to -the ¦'.'¦ ";\\ : ;
: . The • San Francisco section ', of ; the
Navy League of 'the United States held
a meeting last evening at "the" Chamber
of r Commerce [ arid elected ' the follow
ing officers: Edward . Mills' Adams,
chairman; Captain ? Louis H. Turner,
first ; vice chairman; C. VA. S. Frost,
second vice chairman ; k Dr.; J. ¦ Mora
Moss. x third vice chairman, : and : George
C. /Sargent, ' secretary-treasurer. r.The
San. Francisco: section was established
a*, little J more i than ¦; aV year, ; ago . and
now has 150, members. . : The "national
8ociety,was organized a little less than
two years ; ago , and j now;, has \ fifty-two
sections or 'branches 'and". more .than
4000 members. ; There) are -two: other
sections' in Calif qrnia;.one T at:San Ra-'
fael and;the other; atNevada City,' each
with about 100 members^There are five
sections i Imforeign countries,, of -which
one 1 is. at London and | another, at Paris."
After ' Leaders ; Are . Named: an : Inter-
C. Paper Is Read^ by
Georgetc.1 Sargent.'
LOCAL SECTION OF NAVY
LEAGUE ELECTS! OFFICERS
FORGED NOTE IS l SENT
. TO CTITNESE 3IISSION
The Election Commissioners dis
posed of, the Grand Jury will make
inquiry Into the assessment- of the
Phelan building, which is situated* on
the* gore .' or ; Market and - O'Farrell
streets. Juror, Nealon and others have
been' delving Into the assessment roll,
and think that James D. Phelan has
been Bhown . favoritism: by 'Assessor
Dodge. . They , demand an explanation
of i the fact that the building. was val
ued last March at -several thousand
dollars -'- less .than it was some years
ago. Phelan, Dodge, Frank ¦ J. Sul
livan and ' Robert McElroy were sum
moned' yesterday. Sullivan and
Elroy are associated with Phelan.
take the step against, the Election
Board, and I am certain that the pros
ecution of the Commissioners for mis
feasance in falling: to enforce the ; law
as to the appointment -of precinct of
ficers for the primaries will be set on
foot to-morrow , afternoon."
. NEALOX IS AFTER DODGE.
Fall hats. 1904. Just arrived. nobW<ue
than ever. Tom Dillon A Co.. opp.Pala.ce. *
The most elegantly appointed. hotel and cafe
In San Francisco. Rooms single and en suite;
&4 private baths; phone in every room. Hotel
Clarendon. 543. Poet st.. opp. Olympic Club., •
DAMAGES FOR DEATH.— A suit for $25,000
damages for the death of R. J. Maxwell was
begun yesterday against the Southern Pacific
and South Pacific Coast railway companies by
Mixwr'l'i 14-j>>ar-old daughter. Nettle Max
well, through her guardlan7 W.. E. Duncan.
Maxwell was engineer on a passenger train
and was to death in a head-on collis
ion at Moulton Snur. October 27. 1902.
Weak Eyes cured by Murine. Cures
pink Eye and all Inflamed conditions. •
I'ormal Opcnins: of Bazaar With
Gamcx and Other, Forms
of Entertainment.
St. Rose's Fair was opened last
evening in SL Rose's parish ¦ hail.
There were games and other forms of
entertainment. The opening remarks
were delivered by the Rev. Father P.
C. Yorke, who was introduced by the
Rev. Father J. F. Nugent,' pastor of
Jit. Rose's Church.
The booths and their managers are
as follows:
League of the Cros»» booth — Mrs. M. HeJl
mann. Mrs. SI. Ip*en. Mrs. J. McCarthy.
Miss Mamie Kelly. Mi&s Kate Kelly. Miss Fan
nie Brown. Miss Caesle Urown and Mies Eileen
Mooney.
tt. nose's booth — Mr*. Honor* Welch. Mrs.
I». Monahan. Mrs. O. Turner. Eugene Lacy.
H. Palmer. II. Kildea. J. Rlchardeon.
Immaculate Conception booth — Miss Mary
Walsh. Mrs. D. F. Kenny. Mr». J. Whearty.
MJs» Kttty Flaulkner. Miss Frances Uarr.
MiM Lw-eito Barf. Mli* Alice Rode.- Miss An
nie Rc:i!y. . Miu Jencie Byrne, Ui«s Helen
WaJsh. Mies Nellie O'Neill. Miss .Ella Mo
Caurhey. Miss Annie McCaughey. Miss Agnes
t.'onlon. Misa May Faulkner.
Bt. Anthony's booth— Misses Josephine and
May -Murphy, Mrs. F. Saunders. Miss Kat*
Campbell. Mlas Inez Jenkins. Misses May and
Annie O'Brien. Mr. and Mrs. Charles M. Scul
lion. Mr. and Mrs. William O'Leary. Mrs
Alice Cott* Miss W. Kyne. Miss Winnie Cur
ran. Mrs. Cyle.
Boda-water fountain booth — Miss Myrtle
Brennan and Miss £adie Brennan.
Native Sons' and Daughters' .booth— Mrs
Carlton Moes. Mrs. Joseph Plunkett. Misses
Alice and Tessie Hughes. Mim G. KJlgarlf.
MUses Nellie andilay Mclnerney. Miss Nellie
wilson. •
Gaelic League booth— Mrs. W. Roberts. Mrs.
Hurb Qulnn. MrsVM.-P. Davock. Mrs.,Ken
uey. Mrs. William Coyne. Mrs. Barry. Mrs
Ehaurnessy. Miss Rose Connelly. Miss Marele
Connelly. Miss Nora Callan. Miss Margaret
Tobin. Miss Mnllr ' Mof-oney. Miss Rose Poter
Miss Rose Deeney. Miss Mary Hayden. Mlsi
£a<Jle Hayden. Mt*s Ella Barry.
St. Patrick's booth— Mrs. J. Corhlan. Mrs.
INHALED COAL' GAS.— Edward Fay. room-
Ins at 700 Broadway, was treated at the Emer
gency Ho&pltal yesterday morning . by: Dr.
HcrzoK for gas asphyxiation. It Is supposed
that Fay left tbe jet open in bis bedroom before
retiring.
A Merchant in Distress.
For a few days only we will ' offer at
slaughter prices a full line of' men's
clothing at. unheard-of prices. We' had
ordered from the East a large stock, but
when the goods arrived we • found - our
selves unable to secure a, permanent
store. We will therefore dispose of this
stock at the earliest possible moment in
these temporary quarters. Such an op
portunity to buy good, serviceable win
ter garments at ridiculously low. prices
was never presented to the public of San
Francisco. Sale will begin Friday morn
ing. Western Clothing Co., Bush and
Kearny streets, former office the Even
ing Post. • •--'-
Henry Milton must die on the scaf
fold at San Quentin. according to a
decision rendered yeste'rday by the
Supreme Court The murderer ap
pealed to the State's highest tribunal
on the ground that ¦ the -triar court had
erred in refusing to Instruct^hfjury
not to find the defendant t"*"^ °*
murder In the first degree unless .it
was shown that the crime had been
premeditated. The Justicea find that
no error was made and the sentence of
death is affirmed.
Milton, alias. Henry Lupton..mis
spent nearly forty years In criminal
pursuits. His hair Is splashed with
silver and his face Is earned with
wrinkles. The gallows will not rob
him of y many years of life. _
The crime for which he must suffer
death was committed April 14. 1903.
James Gilleece, an aged saloon-keeper,
was about to enter his home at 16
Eleventh street when he was confront
ed by a footpad who demanded nls
money. The unfortunate victim at
tempted to pass and when his way was
barred grappled with the robber.
During the struggle the footpad shot
Gilleece through the thigh; Police Of
ficers Keohane and Slattery heard the
shot and rushed to the scene Just in
time to catch the robber as he.com
pleted rifling the pockets of • his vic-
At the station the criminal was Iden
tified as Milton, who had served sev
eral terms In i different penitentiaries.
Gilleece lived for- six weeks, but the
shock combined with an attack, of
blood poisoning In the wound finally
caused his death. Milton got $2 50
by the deed for .which he must die.
_ H. E. Elliott, a cousin of Senator For
aker of Ohio, was : arrested last night
by DetectiveEd Gibson on a charge of
felony embezzlement which Is alleged
to have, taken place nearly /three years
ago. 'Elliott says that the charge has
arisen through enmity Incurred against
him in a recent divorce suit instituted
by his wife. He denies that he ever
stole any money and claims that noth
ing can be proved against him.
-.' The complaining witness against the
prisoner is John Carson of Ithe firm of
Yates & CoJ, 117 Market , street; dealers
in oils and paints. The crime is alleged
to have .been the misappropriation of
$171 which Elliott is said to have col
lected while . In the Yates Company's
employ, as a collector." Just why „¦ the
firm waited nearly three years to pre
fer the charge against Elliott, "who has
been for the most time in this city,
is not known.
Elliott attributes the preferring of
the charge to spitework. He is now em
ployed : as a drummer, by. a rival firm
of the -Yates Company," the J. J. Ad
ams Company of New -York, also paint
dealers. I He says that he ; reprimanded
his wife some time. ago about her con
nection with a .United States Secret
Service agent ¦ named Burns, and : that
she became wrathy and sued, him for
divorce. He alleges that when he
fought the suit he . incurred the wrath
of his wife.' Burns and Charles New
man, proprietor of ;' the yRuss House",
whose name was also mentioned in con
nection with the proceedings.
> Elliott says . that charges have ! been
preferred against | Burns through ; Sena
tor Foraker ( on ¦ account of ; Burns' i ac
tions toward Elliott's ' wife/ These
charges' are pending.
H. E. Elliott, Cousin of Sena
tor Foraker of Ohio, Is
Accused of Grave Crime
Professional Criminal Who
Murdered Gilleece Loses
His Appeal From Verdict
UNDER ARREST
ON OLD CHARGE
HENRY MILTON
TO BE HANGED
Mr. , Etter, was at the rooms "of the
California State Board of Trade yes
terday and left there,' as a part of the
permanent exhibit, several Jars of the
new gooseberry. The grower pursues
practically the same methods as Lu
ther Burbank,- the California wizard
of horticulture. He has a large tract
of land upon which he is making in
teresting experiments in differentiat
ing fruits and vegetables with the aim
of producing something new and- more
valuable than the original types.
California has another propagator
of new species of vegetation. He . is
Albert Etter of Humboldt County.. He
has produced a gooseberry that is
far removed from the ordinary goose
berry. In the first place Mr. Etter
has eliminated the seed from the
gooseberry, which up to the present
time has always been full of seeds. In
the next place Mr. Etter's gooseberry
has been provided with a thin skin
instead of a tough one, such as has
always covered that sort of growth.
Then again, the acid has been moder
ated. ','¦'¦-'¦ J
a New Product That Will Sur
prise the Housewives.
Humboldt County Producer Introduces
The California Prbinotlon Commit
tee has received a letter from Paul
Morton, Secretary of the Navy, stating
that he will be glad to bring up the
matter 'of furnishing California but
ter for the vessels of the navy on the
Pacific Coast. . This is in response to
a letter from the committee calling
Mr. Morton's attention to the fact that
supplies of butter for the navy are
being furnished from the East and
Middle .West for vessels on this Coast.
. ' Secretary Wilson has approved the
recommendation for the location of
a Weather Bureau station at San Jose.
Cal. The "object of this" station will
be ¦ to advise the fruit growers and
others of the Santa Clara Valley of the
chansres in climate, so that they may
haV& letter results In tne growing and
harvesting of their crops. It is prob
ahle that .signals will be displayed
from the tower at San Jose by flags
by day and llglits by night.
Promotion Committee Fights for
Home Industry and Secures Slz
nal Station for Farmers.
HERE IS A GOOSEBERRY
THAT IS WITHOUT SEEDS
3IAY USE CALIFORNIA
BUTTER IX THE NAVX
The directors of the fair are the
Rev. Father Nugent and Rev. Father
O'Neile and the Rev. Charles McMa
hon is master of ceremonies. P. Mc-
Elroy Is chairman , of the committee.
There will be a. change of entertain
ment every evening during the fair. -
Refreshment booth — Mrs. John H.- Brennan,
Mrs. M. Fitzgerald, Miss Maud At wood,
Misses Bella and Asmes Powers.
Sacred Heart Booth — Mrs. M. L&mcke. Mrs.
J. Keilly. Mrs. A. Harrlgan. Mrs. P. Balzer.
Mrs. Boyle, Mrs. W. Purcell, Mrs. Ebenrltter,
Miss L. Ouiftly. Miss M. Barry. Miss N. Beard.
Miss M. Rellly. Miss Harrigan. Misses A. and
M. Derby. Misses Hurley. Miss M. McAullfle,
Miss B. Griffin. Miss H. McCormack. Mtss G.
Morris. Misses S. and N. Smith.
l>. Loffue, Miss Kora Coghlan. Ml«s Lily
Byrne. Mi.«s Nellie V. Logue. Miss Nora M.
Coghlan, Miss Nora O'lirion. Mlsi Mary
Lorti<v Miss Mary White.
Candy booth— Mrs. M. McBride. Miss May
McBrlde. Miss Mamie Rellly. Miss Lizzie
O'Brien. Miss Margaret Murphy. Misa Evelyn
McBride, Miss M. Fitzgerald.
St. Joseph's booth—Mr*. MoCoIgan, Miss
Annie Breslln,* Miss Lizzie Fay. Miss Annie
Kay. Miss Margaret Warnlcker Miss Mary
Marshall. Miss M&rcaret Murtck. Miss May
Moore. Mrs. W. R. Walsh. Mrs. C. Dlneen,
Mfss M. Dlneen. Misses Agnes and May Coop
er, Mrs. Cooper. Misses A. and M. Moore,
Miss Lizzie Breslin.
PRETTY BOOTHS ATTRACT
. . AT THE ST. ROSE FAIR
The next matter to claim the at
tention of the Grand Jury will be the
case 'of the Election- Commissioners,
over whom there has been ' much see
sawing. ;
; "We will : certainly present an ac
cusation . against the Commissioners
to-morrow," ¦: said a Juror yesterday.
"Welhave been advised that it Is not
necessary to have twelve votes , to di
rect the District Attorney to proceed
against" public 'officers ' to remove
them from office. By a majority, vote,
and that is already assured, • we 'can
1 Inspector .Fitrsimmons of .the Public
Works Department will 'be called on
to explain why he stopped work at
the theater when it wa3 being fit
ter up.
MORRIS LEVY OX THE TRACK.
As a sequel to the Ruef. -charges the
Grand Jury / has turned - its attention
to reports concerning Morris . , Levy's
connection with the saloon adjoining
the : theater.*- Manager W. Z. Tiffany
of the showhouse is a half, owner of
the saloon, and Levy,' who is secretary
to the Public Works Board, is said - to
have sought to branch out in; the sa
loon business now that promoting of
fights is ; rather slow.
It is admitted that Levy tried to
purchase an interest in the saloon, but
that the deal fell through because of
the death of John Sroufe, partner ' and
father-in-law j or* Tiffany. : So . the- ex
planation' to the Grand Jury this aft
ernoon'will be that Levy does not own
any interest in the saloon whatever.
John F. Merrill of, Holbrook; Merrill
& Stetson is the executor of the Sroufe
estate, and a ' su bpena was served on
him yesterday. ;
The session, of the Grand Jury this
afternoon promises to be full of in
teresting • developments. : The foreman
and the secretary have been bending
.their -energies , to have an attendance
of all the nineteen members, and each
faction is expected to muster its
strength.
The charge' that Abe Ruef made use
of his influence with the Board of Pub
lic Works -,to compel ; the company
owning ; the . 10-cent : showhouse known
as the Baldwin Theater to give up 40
percent of Its stock to him will be
taken up again.' The witnesses that
have been subpenaed in this case are
W. S. Leake, Theodore Rothchild,
Charles . Leonhardt Jr., Herbert
Schmitz and Inspector Fltzslmmons.
Leake was one of the promoters of
the theater, ¦ but sold out his. Interest
when Ruef became a "stockholder, be
ing forced to do so, it is alleged, by
the pressure the latter was able »to
bring to bear. No incriminating evi
dence was adduced against Ruef . at
the last : hearing, and it remains for
the testimony to-day to make out a
case, if one is to be made
Rothchild held the stock owned by
lieonhardt and participated in the
meetings of the directors. Leonhardt
will be re-examined In regard to : a
statement made at the meeting of the
Grand Jury last Thursday that pres
sure was exerted from some quarter he
did-not name to; obtain a block of
stock in the company.
• Herbert Schmitz, president of the
Board of Public Works, Is to be grill
ed still further as to his official deal
ings with the Baldwin Theater, par
ticularly as to the enforcement of reg
ulations in building and also to ex
plain why -the company has not paid
its license. ff B f* l 'i g tlffP'ifl l irtffBWiill > Wil¥'l l
Assessor : Said to Have Placed Too Low
a Valuation on Former Mayor "
Phelari's Building.
Herbert Schmitz and Works
Board Also to Receive
Attention To-Day.
lillftfiiBffie^
GRAND JURY
INQUIRY TO
BE SWEEPING
THEy SANV FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY^ QCTOBER"27i •1904:
14
HAiJr& J J^£gi^^^^-
WEATHER INDICATIONS— THtTKSDAT. OCTOBER 27: ]
Baby Clothes : Chance
To Buy HerVVinter Outfit and Save -:
--Here are dainty, little cloaks at $2.00 in cream Bedford cloth
with turn down, collar and large shoulder capes; trimmed with-
row, after row of. fancy silk ribbon, lined with sateen -throughout.
Pretty, warm garments, either short or long., And you can buy
them, for $2.06.
Look at- these other prices. But the quality and goodness of the rarmenta
will only come out when you see them;, see what splendid materials and
how daintily, and perfectly , they are made. - Here are—'
Niffht Gown* at 35c — Of. soft, stronf Gowns at SOc—Made qf cream, pink
white nannel. well made; an unusual and -blu« Daisy flannel, with turn-
value. All these other values are down collar and roll hack cuffs; ft a -
' unusual ished with silk stitching.
Bath Kobe* and Wrapper* at 50c— Of 3jetrsrlnsr» at 25c— White Saxony.
c7eam.wh": pink and blue Daisy drawer style; extra value
-flannel, with turndown collar and SacQue« at 25c— -W hite Saxony, trim-
ribbon bow: finished with silk her- med with borders of pink or blue.asc.
rimr-bone stitching. 50c r*ncy Bibs. 25c. 6Oc 75c and 31.00.
SWrtf and^riniitor Blanket.. 25c— Of Bootfe«^Of Saxony. 12^c lScand25c
long skirts and Xld Mocca.tas 25o— Pink blue. tan.
pinning blankets, finished around the _ red and black: size 3 only,
bottom with fancy stitched hem. reedinsr Bibs— Of oilcloth. 5c 10c and
Caps, 25c— Of cream silk, embroidered. -. 12 Uc.
Skirts Made Free Silk Shirt Waist
An Opportunity Suitings at 50c
Many are taking advantage of, es-' 19-inch wide, regular 73c and 85c
pecially • now, when heavier winter values. Lovely Silks, in hair line
walking skirts are wanted. stripes and dots, both in taffeU
You buy the material for your and louisme; some changeable el-
ordinary skirt length and our ex- fects that are very pretty,
pert. man. tailor will make you a Special value to us. They are more
¦r Pl S."SJ5r^Sl" Wxthw w. are Jh.^special to you. 19 inches wide
showing offer a splendid choosing. " fc ow *
Beauty, newness and variety greater . ,. . /^rr
than yon would expect, at prices A n (JnUSUal Offering
that will surprise you. . _ it .^
— ¦ Tennis Flannel, 6^c Yd.
Thinking of a Suit? It » s a heavy 8 i- 3 c qmiiity, soft
Think nf "Wooltex" and fleecv » P ink and bIue stripes.
ininK Of WOOUCX The maker found himself in a pre-
Think of Wooltex, then think of dicament. You will be glad Hale's
Hale's. See, these splendid new helped him out when you see how
styles we are showing now. The good these flannels are at 6#c in-
very latest, products of fashion, stead of 8 1-3C. N
Many of them here only since last wrapper nanael at ao©— Rich, heavy
Saturday quality, new patterns, new colorings;
- ..,* 1 i^».. «««.»?• aiitta with h«»it- better than 20c •will usually buy.
* B wkl- rl£e ? tttSnt TackeT st?les: At 28c^Regular 35c Shaker flannel,
ed backs, flose-ntung J^erv size and heavy wool, splendid quality for
every eff ect . l. here in every size and cnlld^ e n's wear and underwear. Now
S^tlS B miSrtffir t .S U "b?tt?r * for when you want it most, save 7c
they're every bit wool. The styles are —. -gg^. -
b-tter. original Wooltex styles, made *&JS8L^&r ....... "TSF
by the best Ame^rican /&&]& jffffo ffljf &Q*Z^*~\
wh^tiiP^Tou are thinking of buying /^y J=Ls>
««S gSftjff.*-" ? °""" " Kit Street. N M r Six.1, S. F.
- , ADVEKTISE3£EyTS. , , :~S-''-~: :\ '--\ : . X /:.''-"' '. ¦?'r' ¦•••/'"\' 1 -
: ¦• •.¦-.¦...¦¦¦.¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ - . .-. . . ¦ .- . ¦ , --¦ , ¦ . ¦ . ¦ , . ¦¦ ,. ,_ ...¦..-_¦¦. . ¦ .
i W C^fr ei% ejs V$t&^\ ** ff^^^ jf&^c (9^^^^ kw ' ES efsfe EkeI^bw SB eKBiB^BL ASP&3&& *
— — The display in men's In its power to please :g V . .',."' ¦- ' ¦ — ~~~
y^^ suits and overcoats both mother and child
ifisrfS we can offer you is the O ur juvenile depart- \^^^^
% £i largest, most complete ment is absolutely TWWWT
\M ' |nd varied in this^ city. uniqu jhe ' latest <r M 7\'}
h d* ¦ Fverv anrment hears . ¦ v J^tf^'
/0' PW&Btii the Brown guarantee Tashl0ns to .please the M%L\^'
p4 ./¦; V^;\ fa of fit, service and style, youngsters, made in ji^raP^v -
f-' : i - SSllill These garments the most durable, fab- fflp*;^j/i
/ '• W jo v "MJ*i r i i tl- i r« nn rics.and sold at prices ". -^SWSlQp^^
|^to|||^M Fourteen to Thirty-Five Dollars that make mama re- iW^^m^
S|W^^|feS^^^fc^i every one a splendid joice. .. »f ; .jf^^^f S ?0?i
l{j- i$4 c - -¦ • ¦v^^^» to you in particular tor _ c*i ifjUi£- ~V* wf '/""'«l8^z-
f^n^^^M^ that will please. wher- Brown's Busters // fM^^~^;%^S
iKt^S- ever and' whenever Norfblks $&^ ; ' ¦ ' ;
WW'^S- ' worn— in all cloths and Tiixedos ' ?W%T :
fw" The price does not Special sizes for stout U^ 'Jin Wi
S) half represent what boys. Ages 8 to 16 Sj^^^ < #^P
JUfff I B^^^ro^. qh jQW Ets?3 t^sS \^3? »^J^ B tSHJsJI *""'**'*^^^*^ OPEN
" ' ' •" '*' ¦ ' '¦'* w ' 'NIGHT ' '
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
I .
39 STOCXTOK ST.. HSAS MARKET.
TELEPHONE MAIK 5522.
zro BKAHcat sToass.
OTJR USXTA1. GUARANTEE
Goes With Our
Thursday, Fridaj and Saturday Specials.
Creamery Butters per square.... 37}ic
, Usual good quality. .
Ranch Eggs, per doz 45c
¦ The very beat.
Minnesota Eggs, per dox 21}ic
Coffee, Ideal Blend No. 1, per lb... .20c
Reg. 23c. A delicious beverage at popular
price. ¦
New English Walnuts 2 lbs for 25c
' ' Utg. 20c lb. Kon« better.
Canned Salmon, red. per can 10c
¦ Rer. 15c Something* real fancy.
Tomato Catsup, per bot 20c
Re;. 25c. Snyder's. Helnze'a tad Bias
Label.
Lard— Armour's Best —
¦ Io 10-lb. can. 5 lb. S lb.
Special. 51.15 OOo 33e
Res $1.25 75o 40c
Daisy Olires. stuffed with red peppers,
per bot 10c
Reg. 15c.
Santa Barbara Olive Oil —
Large bot. 70c: small. 40c
Her, 85c and . 50c. -33NHBW B pi
This brand highly recommended by lead-
ing ' physicians for Its purity.
Blue Label Soups, qt cans 30c: pts 17)ic
, Curtice Bros. Reg. ' 85c and 20c. Full ts-
eortment.
Blue Bell Toilet Paper, flat pig. 4 for 25c
Rec. S for 25c.
0. \K. Bourbon, full qts 75c
Rec. $1.00.
. We have aold this brand for 23 yeara.
Astor Rye, .'.bot 30c: gal $4.00
Spring "90; reg. $1.23 and $3.00V
California Brandy, per bot 75c: gal $3.00
Reg. $1.00 and $4.00.
'Just tn season for your mincemeat. • - '
Port and Sherry, per bot 25c: gal $1.00*
Rec. 33c and $1.30. Choice old wines.
' Eastern Beer, doz qts $2.15: pts $1.35,
Reg. $2.33 and $1.33.
' A -B C. LemDs and Budwetser.
If: you want a good food for
your baby, — a food that is en-
, dorse d by ,; physicians, a - food - that
contains a large amount of digestible
constituents, a food that feeds; a food
that will nourish, sustain and pro-
¦ mote ' the ¦¦ growth of your baby, ~ try
Mellin's Food. We will send a sam-
ple for you to try. •
ME1XUTS POOD CO, BOSTON. MA33.
-. . . . . ; AD\ T ERTISE>IEyTS. . /. /
JBsS^&m '^E^m ¦ JS^^S SS^B ?'A "* ME&xB ' ' JSffBm **•'' m^^m * E&P** EB& ¦¦- .'¦
«« J?!L h K- VC S 5 U i J a - orc 8alesme . n to-day and.you will not have to wait. Never before have we offered
TbSS^u rf«nn fnr°-? timC ' a^ d ™ veT beforc hjl vc the people responded in such , numbers.,
S»?Sf LI -Z. It S- t } li -Pfwcs are honestly cut: there is liberal credit for all; and for a few dollars
deposit you may either -take the furniture now or have it held till you are ready for it. v, : . ;
<1) (5) ' '' '¦ " ¦' v " ¦ ¦ ' '- ' i ;; - (7 >^ l ™^™~
<U1 Itir PAY .514 EM AMEL BED— "Camel *^* nn n ' $12.50 PARLOR
513.50 CRAY In cream. Nile S350 PARLOR $20 COMBINA- TABLE.wGolden!
HAIR MAT- eoia; S:« ?S. oS^« *eCf:P,TION; T.ONB0OKCASE o*^lfe]?flitej
TRESS-BeW '•?:;¦',. * ~ $990 ; _ Quartered : oak ; ? h^^£:
ticking; full size' — — — ' : braced, flat spindle : adj^uble "". shelv^
only; heavy {'^Z'» . <« V back, assorted vel- nH f for v an< j . writ- , :r,( S) - f^
weight. Sale $30 FOLDING BED— Golden our -coverings. ing desk. Sale UMBRELLA'
price ioak; mantel top, French plate mirror, Sale P rice price ; ; s T A . ND j-In*gold : ;
§8.50 ¦mm^mmm. :¦ mm was Igll
n A \ G 1 1\ G f^rj^SSr^^^^^^^^^^/^^^aW&i^^^^^B SIDE-
ADVERTISEMEyTS.
"Adamsl
IRISH
MOSS '
COUGH
PRESCRIBED BT TIECE BEST
•' . PHYSICIANS FOR * .
Consrbs, Colda, Koarseaesa. Bron-
chitis. Croup in - Children, and ¦>
All Throat and Knar Troubles ;
Try a bottle to-day; don't wait" 'till the
' : doctor says "COKST7M7TX«2r. w -
• 860; 50C AT ALL DRUGGISTS '
CURES IN A DAY
TBCTJKSD A Y— ?EID AY- SATXTRS^yT{ f
Big Creamery Butter Sale.
Point Eeyes Butter.'/. . . . : ; . . sciuare 30c
-.; Regular,, eize.; 10 squares 1 limit.:"" :/'V. - ~ •
Eel River Valley Butter : V", 3 squares : SI
r.5 Good j Butter.lwell t rnade."; Usually ' 40c. ¦
Pnll\WeIsflit i Butter i". '.' : a-lb. ! : fqinare ' '4 5 c
i-% Best!,; Humboldt " Fancy ' ; Creamery Butter.
Usually 55c. ; ' • •• i: ; -
JlOOrFiilmore St ; 119 Taylor SL
: ! Pftrk'183*:V - PlxajLi - : - Howard loax; i