JAPANESE OUTPOSTS ARE DRIVEN IN ALL ALONG LINE
SOLDIERS OF THE CZAR IN AC
TION AT AX ADVANCE POST IN
MANCHURIA:
LONDON, Oct. -lO.-7-Johnv Hilling
head, author and ' journalist, is . dead.
Jde.was born In 1827.
London Journalist Dead.
LONDON,' Oct. 11.— -The Morning
Post's Shanghai ¦' correspondent says
that it is stated that Lieutenant Gen
eral'Stoessel has reported . that unless
he Is relieved before . December he
must surrender. *SBHflHBHffiK
Rumor, of Stocssel's Weakness.
Bishop of New Diocese Installed.
MISSOULA. . Mont., Oct. 10. — With
Impressive services and with all the
ceremonial of the Catholic ritual, in
the presence of a distinguished gath
ering of church dignitaries, Rev. Ma
tias Clement Lenihan of Dubuque,
Iowa, has been installed Bishop of the
newly created diocese of Great Falls.
NORFOLK. Va.. Oct. 10— Miss Bessie
Wilson, who was drowned at Virginia
Beach yesterday afternoon, was the
youngest daughter of the late William
L. Wilson, former Postmaster General,
Instead of his niece, as at first re
ported.
Drowned Girl Wilson's Daughter.
WALMER CASTLE. Kent; England,
Oct. 10.— A bulletin issued this morn
ing says Lady Curzon . continues to
make slow but gradual progress. ¦
Lady Curzon Slowly Improving.
MACON. , Mo.; Oct 1 0.r-While a
photograph: of - Mrs.';; Antoni^ 'Bendio
and .her Unfant .'daughter was ;being
taken in a studio . here tojday, the child
, died in: its i mother's 'arms-^iWhen, the
photographer, sald,V"Thattwiirdp,'V 5 the
woman looked, at. 'the; li til* one and
saw - that it was dead. - r: . . : .-¦";.; ..:;,
Passes Away : In : Its Mother's Arms
Just as It Had Been Ph6tb- • •- ,
¦*¦¦' :•:;¦, : graphed. :. .' ii'U.j - '.•;•¦"'
CHILD DIES SUDDENLY
AS PICTURE IS TAKEN
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct 10.— The
rumor of the [existence: of a secret un
derstanding between Russia and Ger
many covering the Far East has again
been > revived." ; According to '. the latest
version, "Germany gives certain 'guar
antees-to ' Emperor Nicholas : regard-
Ing the German frontier which will en
able to ¦ withdraw; troops . from
the^blgl garrisons.- maintained in -Rus
slan^Poland ¦ and j dispatchHhem to ' the
"JFar -East 'besides agreeing tosupport
Rumor of ' Secret . Understandins Be
; tweeri ': Ru5siaCnnd Germany.
DIPLOMATS DISTURBED. *
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 10. — After
the farewell review. of, the. Pacific fleet
at Reval to-day by Emperor Nicholas
the squadron sailed for Llbau, whence,
it is declared. .It . will within a few
days weigh anchor for the long voy
age to the Pacific.
Tl>|l» II «jJW»"J| JtI.IT _T«|JTL> • /
Baltic Fleet Sails for Ubau.
WELLINGTON. Kans., Oct 10. —
Thomas L. Wilson, fourth vice pres
ident of the International Association
of: Machinists, who was arrested here
three months ago for interfering with
a Santa Fe strike breaker durtng: the
machinists* strike on that road and in
violation of a court Injunction, waa
acquitted here to-day.
Accused Machinist Acqnitted.
NEW YORK, Oct.^ 10.— Edward M."
Field, son.of the' late. Cyrus W. Field,'
was taken, from the Tombs Court to
the Tombs prison to-day to await
further. hearing on the charge of steal
ing an . overcoat. Field \, presented a
pitiable appearance, and said, to his
counsel as he was led from court:
. VTry to get ball for me, but don't
worry, if you don't succeed,, because the
three meals I will getrin the next twen
ty-four. hours.will.be, a Godsend to me."
• Magistrate V Barlow is' is : a>'personal
friendof the Field .family and hesitated
to '?• take : action V against Field, « but 1 re
luctantly committed ' him ; in defaults of
$1000:bail. The complainant in .the case
did not appear. C; 1 '. ¦ ¦ • J\ ,.. . . . i
Accused of Stealing an Overcoat, He
Is Committed to Tombs to
Await iTrial.
SON OF LATE CYRUS FIELD
UNABLE • TO g SECURE BAIL
Latter Resents an Article /Which
* Speaks in Disrespectful Terms of
; : His President.
PARIS. Oct. 10.— Gomez . Carillo.
the Guatemalan to France,
fought' a«" duel -to-day, with ¦ Jaques
Laudam, •¦the','- editor of a sporting
journal. . Laudam :had written ¦ dis
respectfully of the President of Guata
mala.' He was slightly wounded.
FRENCH EDITOR FIGHTS DUEL \
WITH GUATEMALAN MINISTER
.HOUSTON. Tex.. Oct. 10.— Tom Wil-
Bon and Al Carroll, two negroes,
fought a duel o* many shots last even
ing near Caldwell, one using a six
khooter and the other a shotgun. Miss
Nina Gordon, a white woman, who was
passing, was used as a shield by one
of the negroes, who dodged behind her
and fired from his position. The young
woman received a load of buckshot
Intended for the man behind, and was
instantly killed.
Receives the Deadly Fire of Opponent
of Negro. Who Dodged Be
hind Her.
GIRL USED AS A SHIELD
BY DUELIST AND KILLED
j - ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 10.— A dis
patch, from the Russian headquarters
at Mukden to-day says the land block
ade of Port Arthur has been weak
ened; that the Japanese at Liaoyang
have been reinforced by 15.000 men by
way. of Newchwang and that they ex
pect three additional - divisions : in . a
few days.
Japanese Troops Sent From Port Ar
;. \thur.to Liaoyanc .
BLOCKADE WEAKENED.
The disorders arose at a meeting of
workmen. At the conclusion . of the
meeting the workmen marched* in pro
cession to the Stadthalter's offices.
The police, when they tried to disperse
the crowd, were stoned by the mob,
and several policemen were wounded,
one of them seriously. The windows
of some German schools and other es
tablishments were \ smashed. Finally
the troops restored order.
VIENNA, Oct. 10. — Socialistic dis
turbances are reported to have oc
curred this evening In Brunn, the cap
ital of Moravia, necessitating the In
tervention of the military. Several
persons are ; said to have been
wounded.
Several Persons Said to Have - Been
Wounded in Socialistic Disorders
in'Brunn. .-,•.—.
MILITARY CALLED TO STOP
¦ DISTURBANCES IN AUSTRIA
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 10.-— The
strained relations between the Foreign
Office and the Admiralty over the
question of contraband has reached an
acute stage, according to high author
ity.'Foreign. Minister Lams.dqrfC la
said to consider that he has suffered a
personal affront under which' he can
not rest and.purp.oses to raise. the issue
at the weekly audience with the Em
peror, to-morrow and at the same time
tender, his. resignation.. .Confidence Is
expressed that should the matter go
this far the. Emperor will decline to
accept Count Lamsdorff's resignation. •
Russian Foreign Office and Admiralty
' at Loggerheads.
QUESTION OF CONTRABAND.
Late in the afternoon General
Cowin was 'found on the golf links of
the Country Club. Fronr him came
the explanation" that Michael Cudahy
was his coachman and . not- the ¦ Mich
ael Cudahy of \ packing-house fame.
OMAHA. Oct. 10. — Michael . Cud
ahy, the Chicago packer. Is suing for
a divorce. This . astonishing bit of
news spread over the city. to-day like
wildfire. The information had its
origin at the Courthouse, where Gen
eral John C. Cowin, an : attorney, filed
with the clerk of the District. Court a
petition by Michael Cudahy of Chi
cago for a divorce from . Mary Tracy
Cudahy. The Wedding ceremony, " so
the petition', stated, took 'place at
Chicago. The Cudahy divorce was the
talk of the. city, in a few hours.,
General Cdwin's daughter, a -few
years ago, married Jack' Cudahy' of
Chicago. . This made it natural ./that
General . Cowin should be given . the
suit of the- Chicago millionaire.' At
the clubs where the Cowins: and Ithe
Cudahys are to be found ' generally
and at their residences stops had to
be put on, the doorbells, so "numerous
were the calls by reporters a*nd cu
rious members of the r smart set ' in
quest of the details of/ the s divorce
suit. ¦ " N •¦•¦•-"'-.-••;.'- '- ~ :'•:•.. ;:-: .. ; .-;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Schelling boys were shot through
by Ottman, who managed to empty
his revolver after he had fallen. One
of the sons is perhaps fatally wounded
and the other is seriously injured. Both
are in custody.
HOUSTON. Texas. Oct. 10.— There
%va* an unusual chapter of bloodshed
in Houston last evening, five business
men being shot, three killed and' two
seriously wounded. The first tragedy
was the killing of Charles W. Jones.
E'cretary of the Houston Fire and Ma
rine Company, by Major II. N. Swan, a
former United States army officer and
son of the president of the company.
Swan championed his father In a slight
business difference with Jones. He met
Jcnes face to face and shot him down
without exchanging a word. He is in
custody and he pleads that Jones was
attempting to pull a gun when he flred.
A. second tragedy tras enacted at the
home of Ernest Schelling. a wealthy
and retired land owner. Hermann Ott
rr.an had called to see Miss Schelling
and was -welcomed by her father. Her
two brothers, Fritz and Henry L., soon
arrived and as they had made frequent
objections to Ottman's visits, repeated
them in his presence. Ottman grew
very angry and pulled a six-shooter.
Both of the young Scnelllngs drew
guns and some fifteen shots were fired
in the room. Ottman fell riddled and
Scheming, senior, in attempting to pre
vent the trouble came in range ofsone
of h5s son's revolvers, and was also
shot dead. '',..;i ' ,'j
EpeciaJ Dispatch to The Call
; "Let the mother take her place by
the bedside "at . night, when the child
is asleep, and begin in a firm, low
voice . to repeat • the desired sugges
tions. , If the 'child Is nervous and
awakens at the sound in each of sev
eral trials, , administer some^ simple
hypnotic-suggested by the family phy
sician and await J the • action " of the
drug. If correction .by precept and
castigation : has - failed - to \ check the
vicious propensities "of your boy, do
not , hesitate Uo -give him a hypnotic,
and formulate the suggestion that he Is
no longer, disrespectful,' untruthful and
disobedient, but, that .he", will" be' affec
tionate and attentive to the requests
of • his mother and -teacher. A sudden
change oU attitude will' be noticeable.
The same treatment, will cure your boy
of cigarette smoking.'*
* Dr. Quackenbos said to-night that he
evidently had been- misunderstood. He
had ..distinctly ; stated, he said, that
the drug In such cases, should be sug
gested by the family, physician. In
describing the treatment for a trouble
some child. Dr. Quackenbos said:
- "Dr. Quackenbos advised the giving
of hypnotic drugs,'.' she said, "and I
am very sorry he gave so many moth
ers that advice. Besides, I can't find
out what hypnotic drugs are. I've
asked half a. dozen doctors since I
came home from the convention, and
they, do not know."
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— Dr. Quacken
bos' paper on the training and refor
mation of children by hypnotism, read
at Sand Hill last week, at the New
York State convention of Mothers'
Clubs,, was criticized by Mrs. Harry
Hastings to-day in her report to the
New York City Mothers' Club.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. Oct. 10.— Owing to .the
three determined efforts to destroy the
new battleship Connecticut at the
Brooklyn navy yard, other construc
tors of war vessels throughout the
country have become nervous over the
safety of the great vessels .now build
ing, and two yards, that of the Bath
Iron "Works and the Fail River Ship
building Company, have taken meas
ures to protect, the battleships Georgia
and New Jersey, nearly, finished, at
these respective plants. .
Armed guards have been stationed
about the yards, inside and outside,
and about the vessels themselves. A
dead line has been, established, and
any one attempting to get near the
vessels without proper \ credentials Is
liable to be shot first and questioned
afterward. Even an \ employe cannot
enter, the" gates of the plants without
surrendering to the guard at the gate
a brass check bearing a .number. 'If
he loses the check he loses his job. All
wagons are stopped and inspected be
fore they are allowed to pass within
the gates, and the driver is asked to
show his check. "None but workmen
are allowed on the vessels..
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Coachman, Not tiie
Packer, However,
Involved.
"Success so far has attended our
cause, but. its ultimate accomplish
ment being yet very far distant, it is
necessary, to be patient and steadfast
In pursuance of our action and to thus
aim at the final accomplishment of our
purpose." .
TOKIO, Oct. 10. — The Emperor to
day issued a brief rescript, urging the
Japanese people to exercise patience
and steadfastness in pursuance of the
.war. Its text Is as follows:
" t "Since the outbreak of the war our
army and our navy have demonstrated
their bravery and loyalty, while both
officials and people have acted in uni
son in support of our cau»e
Emperor of Japan Urjces People to
Be .Patient.
ISSUES A RESCRIPT.
Father Loses His Life in Trying to
Stop Trouble —Another Fatality
Follows Business Dispute.
Bath Iron Works and the Fall River
Company Will Prevent Repeti
tion of Connecticut Incident
Believes That in This. Way Character
Can Be Changed and Evil
Habits Banished.
Brothers Object to Sister's
Suitor and Shoot Him
in Pistol Duel..
Would Administer a Drug
in Cases of Nervous
Youngsters.
STIR OVER
CUDAHY'S
DIVORCE
Strict Rules for Workmen
Wno Are Engagefl on
tfte Vessels.
Eastern Yards Adopt
Precautionary
Measures.
Two Men Are Rilled
' in a Quarrel in
Houston.
Quackenbos ;t; Givi
Suggestion to ,
Mothers.
"Only six miles separate the advance
lines," said the officer referred to. "and
an advance or counter-advance might
precipitate a preliminary artillery en
gagement at any moment."
It is now evident that Field Marshal
Oyama, aware that Kuropatkin is pre
paring to strike, instead of extending
himself for the big flanking movement
east, so much talked of. has recognized
the necessity of meeting the Russian
advance by ."ortifylng his positions
north of Liaoyang. The Interval be
tween the eventful collision will doubt
less be utilized by both sides in feeling
out their respective strength and dis
positions and in active skirmishing on
the flanks, of which the daring march
of the Cossacks across the Shakhe
River, almost to the Tental mines, is
an example. Not until the combined
movements of Kuropatkln's army are
in full swin? southward will it be seen
whether Oyama intends to contest the
present advance or fall back on the
fortified positions north of Liaoyang.
where he would reverse -the situation
heretofore, as the Japanese would for
the first time enjoy the advantage of
fighting behind defenses.
According to the estimates of the
War Office. Oyama's total strength is
about 260,000 men. of which 150.000 are
posted between the Hun River, to the
west of the Bentsiaputze eastward, the
remainder being held In reserve at
Liaoyang. Kuropatkin disposes of nine
corps, giving him perhaps a slight su
periority in numterg.
Lieutenant General Grippenber*. who
is to command the second Manchurian
army, will take wit!i him u> the front a
large portion. of. the. troois of the Vilna
military district, over which he has
had the command for three years. Thua
the. bulk of . the second .army will be
composed of men and. officers of whom
the "general has intimate knowledge.
The Second. Third. Fourth and Nine
teenth corps are Included in the dis
trict. The mobilization is already qui
etly proceeding/
With Kuropatkin acting on the of
fensive, reJnfr —«m'ents will be pushed
for • rd ¦ with all- possible speed. The
first echelons of the Eighth Corps are
on their way to the front, and it is ex
pected to start one corps of the Vilna
district within a fortnight. The Em
peror will bid the troops farewell. •
• It is now apparent that the Russians
propose to make a winter campaign, as
they did during the Russo-Turklsh
War.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 10.— The
capture of 'Bentsiaputze, which was
strongly fortified and where it was re
ported General Kuroki commanded in
person,- is officially confirmed. The
fighting, however, was not severe, the
Japanese retiring on finding themselves
outflanked. The Russian losses were
only twenty-five killed and wounded,
including an officer.
A high officer of the general staff
said to-day that Kuropatkin is pre
pared to advance with great care, but
when the main collision will occur will
depend on circumstances, the move
ments 6f great bodies of men being
slow operations. Heavy fighting is
hardly likely before a week at the
earliest.
•It is reported that the J.panesehave
abandoned •- Siancha n, > Saimatsze .- and
Meichoulin, positions east of- Liaoyang.
In political circles considerable stress
is laid upon ; the moral effect upon the
Chinese that may. be expected from Gen
eral Kuropatkln's . advancing :¦ i without
being, compelled to, abandon ; the sacred
'city of •Mukden,;- it' being 'remembered
that the Japanese 1 failed * to reach the
city of imperial tombs during the Chi
no-Japanese war.
According . to unofficial reports, Field
Marshal Oyama, at the first sign of
General Kuropatkin taking the offen
sive, began drawing in his line and con
centrating upon fortified positions
north of Liaoyang. According to the
latest reports, which are contained in a
dispatch from Mukden, dated at ' 6
6 o'clock to-night, the Japanese out
posts are being driven in all along the
line.
The strategy of the forward move
ment will "be concealed, as were the
preparations for the advance, so that
all surmises as to where General Kuro
patkin intends to strike are mere
guesswork. It is not clear whether
General Kuropatkin contemplates a
blow on the left, center or right of the
Japanese army, but the fact that stress
is laid upon the capture of Bentsla
putze, which opens the road and forts
to Bensihu, twenty miles east of Liao
yang, where General Kuroki crosses, and
that Cossacks are already reported in
the neighborhood of the stream, might
foreshadow an exact reversal of the
battle of Liaoyang,. this time the Ru#
sian commander flanking and turning
Liac-yang with his left, as Field Mar
shal Oyama did with his right. Little
light had been thrown upon the consid
erations which led General Kuropatkin
to suddenly assume the offensive,- but
no word is heard at the War Office in
timating that the course savors of
rashness. Officers of the general staff,
while not underestimating the. heavy
task and severe sacrifices that are in
volved in i assuming, the • offensive,
nevertheless express absolute confi
dence ' that General jj Kuropatkin J has
found ; a . weak point ; in the Japanese
armies. Different explanations abound
as to the reason for making the for
ward movement at this time. The ad
vance is attributea to a realization by
General Kuropatkin of the difficulty the
Japanese encountered In making : good
their losses at Liaoyang and replenish
ing their supplies | and ammunition, or
possibly to the drawing off of a portion
of the .Japanese troops to reinforce
General Nogi; in- a J desperate endeavor
to end. thesiege of Port Arthur. !
- Whatever the explanation, it is ap
parent from the hasty manner, in which
the Japanese withdrew before the first
show of -Russian strength that their re
cent r ostentatious preparations for an
advance 'were largely bluff. The best
opinion here is'that the pending battle
is likely to develop with startling ra
ipidity. ;
v ST^IPEXERSEURG, - Oct. * 11/- 2:15 ar.
m.~A; battle., upon which „ the \t ate Of
this year's campaign in Manchuria de
pends, seems only a few days ahead.
Advices from the f/ont are meager. All
that is positively known officially is
that General Kuropatkin has cast the
die at last, about faced his army and is
marching resolutely against the enemy
as If resolved to do or die.
Russia S In- the » peace negotiations :at
tht-' end of "the war. Germany's com
penaation-in addition to the concession
made in the commercial treaties al
ready negotiated is to be the support
of Russia in the attempt to incorporate
the Netherlands in the German con
federation in the event of the death
of Queen Wllhelmina without a direct
heir.
Diplomatic circles are discussing the
story with interest. While it is classed
in the same category as other similar
stories by most of the diplomats it
finds more credence in quarters not
particularly noted for friendliness
either to Russia or Germany, it being
even asserted that the recent visit of
Grand Duke Vladimir to Berlin, os
tensibly to consult a specialist, in real
ity was to confer with Emperor Wil
liam in person on this question. Noth
ing confirmatory of the report is ob
tainable in responsible Government
circles, where the story is dismissed as
being tHe invention of enemies of both
countries.
Meager Advices From Front Show General
Kuropatkin Is Marching Resolutely
Against Enemies of Czar.
UNWELCOME
CALL ENDS
IN TRAGEDY
ARMED MEN
GUARD NEW
WARSHIPS
HYPIOTISM
TO TRAIN
CHILDREN
MIKADO'S TROOPS
WITHDRAW FROM
LIAOYANG POSTS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE WEATHER.
'Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty hour* ending midnight, October
11:
San Fraaeieco and vicinity — Rain
Tuesday; high southeast wind.
G. H. WILLSOX,
Local Forecaster (temporarily in
charre).
, — _ ¦{.
The San Francisco Call.
f— — —
\i . THE THEATERS.
; JAIjCAZAR— "Lord and Lady Algy."
CALIFORNIA— "The Tenderfoot."
CENTRAL— "She."
CHUTES — Vaudeville .
COLUMBIA— "The Office Boy."
FISCHER'S— "Down the Line."
GRAND— "The Burgomaster."
1 ?. HALL ~ "Much Ado About
Nothing.
MAJESTIC — "A Japanese Nlghtln
«ale."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— "Der Rastelbinder."
*
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER- 11, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— XO. 133.At a meeting of the * Civil Service
Commissioners' held last night they
determined I to disapprove - of the f ur
therappointmentVof non-civil "service
Deputy Registrars Must Be Appointed
¦From: Eligible Mat. .
CIVIL. SERVICE GOVERNS.
rrouble Over Land Deal Leads to
Tragedy on. Street of North- ¦ •„ :
>¦• •. ern Country Townl '•' ' , 7. .. - .
DAVENPORT, Wash., Oct. 'lO.—A.
W. Long, a prosperous farmer, -this
morning shot his neighbor, ; Henry Gun
ning, in the - breast, Just ; above .the
beart, with a revolver, Inflicting a fatal
wound. The ' tragedy occurred on ' the
main street and was witnessed,'.^ by
many people. The men have • been
»nemies for ; some months over ; a~land
leal and each - expected trouble 1 when
learning that the • other was . in town.
as Long stepped outside the bank the
luarrel began, . followed .. by blows, 'and
ending in the shooting. ;'¦..• j
WASHINGTON FARMER
,,;; SHOOTS' HIS NEIGHBOR
BALTIMORE. Md., Oct. lC-JThe
campaign tour of Henry Q. ' Davis,
Democratic Vice Presidential candi
date, through Maryland and West Vir
ginia was begun here to-night with an
immense gathering of - Democrats in
Lyric Hall. Thousands unable to gain
admission to the hall were ¦ addressed
at an v overflow^ meeting in the • street.
The proceedings were marked by. great
enthusiasm from first to last.
Enthusiastic Reception Accorded
Judge Parker's Running Mate.
DAVIS IN BALTIMORE.
BOSTON, Mass., Oct. 10. — A prom :
nent politician declared to-night that
if President Roosevelt succeeds him-^
jself and if Governor Bates of Massa
chusetts is re-elected for third term,
both of which he considers as likely,
Governor Bates will be tendered a
portfolio in President Roosevelt's Cabi
net. In 'that case he will resign and
Lieutenant Governor Guild will be
come Governor.
Ex-Governor- W.. Murray Crane, will
be appointed by Bates as United States
Senator to succeed the late Senator
Hoar, and this appointment will be
confirmed by the Massachusetts Legis
lature. •
Attorney General Moody, will leave
the Cabinet next March to take up his
law practice, and this will make the
vacancy required to ; appoint Bates.
President Roosevelt is a friend of Gov
ernor Bates and the latter; can have a
Cabinet position if he proves his po
litical strength during election.
a Cabinet Member.
Massachusetts Governor May Become
BATES MAY SUCCEED 3IOODY.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Judge Parker
will make his first campaign speech at
Esopus next Saturday. --"Its occasion
will be a visit from the Avon Beach
Regular Democratic Club, a Brooklyn
Democratic organization. In arranging
for the club's visit Judge Parker is car
rying out his expected intention of
making all his campaign speeches
there instead of appearing before large
meetings in doubtful States. He may
depart from this plan if the needs of
the situation seem to require it.
Thomas Taggart refused to-day to
discuss the report from Indiana printed
in Chicago that canvasses of that State
ehowed a plurality for Roosevelt. He
denied emphatically the assertion that
the Democrats are making a fight to
capture the Legislature at the expense
of the national ticket. Taggart has de
cided to defer his departure for Indiana
until next week and will devote a week
or ten days to that State before re
turning. '
W. J. Bryan will soon begin his
speech-making In Indiana. It was ar
ranged to-day that he will speak in
Ohio October 24. David B. Hill will
also speak in Ohio.
Parker to Make First Campaign Talk
on Saturday.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 10— Light
rain fell here at 5 o'clock this morn-
, g ' ut J: 0-day the weather has
cleared The total fall for the present
storm since last Friday has been 69
of an inch. The predictions are for
another storm. Some damage has
been done to beans, grapes and hav.
Weather Clears at Ivos Angeles.
Southern Pacific traffic has been
somewhat delayed by washouts be
tween Deming and El Paso, but . the
situation has improved and trains are
again running almost on time.
sent East via the Southern Pacific to
Demlng. N. M., and thence north over
the Santa Fe's El Paso line, and also
via the El Paso and Southwestern
road.
REDDING, Oct. 10. — The false
work placed on the bridge spanning
the Sacramento River at Redding by
the Burrell Construction Company of
San Francisco preparatory to making
extensive repairs on the structure was
all carried away last night by the high
water. The continued downpour of
the last four days has eaused the river
to rise four feet here and it is still
rising. Creeks throughout the coun
ty are running high as a result of the
storm.
High Water Impedes Repairs to
Bridge at Redding.
TEARS DOWN FALSE WORK.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 10. — Mrs. Charles
W. Fairbanks, wife of the* Republican
candidate for Vice President and
president general of the Daughters of
the American Revolution, put a stop
to the proposed strike in the ranks of
the daughters, who are here for their
annual convention. The strikers were
members of the St. Louis Chapter of
the order and the reason for the pro
posed strike was an alleged remark
by the president of the board of lady
managers that the St. Louis daughters
had not done as much as they might
have done for the entertainment of
the- visiting daughters. It was sug
gested that the St. Lonls members stay
away from the luncheon to be given
by the lady managers. •
"Of course the St. Louis daughters
will attend the luncheon," said Mrs.
Fairbanks when the matter was re
ferred to her. "There is no reason
for them to feel offended."
Smooths Trouble Between St. Ixrali
Daughters of Revolution and
Lady Managers of Fair.
MRS. FAIRBANKS RESTORES
HARMONY IN THE RAXKS
WASHINGTON, Oc. 10.— Judge La
combe, in the United States Circuit
Court to-day, handed down a decision
denying the application of the Federal
authorities for reargument of the
habeas corpus proceedings of John A.
Benson, the California millionaire
charged with havlnr perpetrated exten
sive land frauds against the Govern
ment, through which he secured title to
several hundred thousand acres of gov
ernment land in California and Oregon.
Benson was indicted several months
ago in Washington on a charge of
bribing clerks in the lan^ office to se
cure information and also on a charge
of alleged fraudulent practices in ob
taining lands. Indicted with him on
the latter charge were Frederick A.
Hyde, Henry P. Dimond and Joost
Schneider, of San Francisco, who are
under arrest. Benson was axrested in
this city and at once applied for a writ
of habeas corpus and certlorari against
his removal to Washington, where the
indictments were found. Judge La
combe granted the writ, discharging
Benson on the ground that the indict
ments did not show that Benson had
conspired to defraud the United States.
In the case of the other .defendants,
who had taken the same steps in the
California jurisdiclio- Judge Morrow
held that the Indictments were ma
terial and remanded the defendants
into custody. Because of the recent
Illness of Frank H. Platt. counsel for
Benson, and the latter's absence In
California, no order discharging him
from custody has been entered. As
sistant United States Dis.-ict Attorney
Baldwin applied for a reargument of
the habeas corr--- proceedings. In de
nying the application, Judge Lacombe
sayr.
"The application for a rehearing is
denied. Whereas it appears the Fed
eral courts in California have subse
quently reached a different conclusion
as to the meaning of the statute, it
would seem that the best way to secure
uniformity is by an appeal, rather
than by suggestion that the first de
cision be modified."
M1SSOUIUANS HEAR BRYAN.
VICTIM OF HUSBAND'S
' JEALOUS RAGE IS DEAD
3Jrs. Sally O. Campbell of San DIeco
Succumbs to Bullet Wounds In
flicted Last Friday.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10. — Mrs. Sally
O. Campbell, who was shot three times
by her husband, Isaac N. Campbell, on
Friday, 'died last night from her
wounds. An inquest will be held this
afternoon. Mrs. Campbell had just se
cured a divorce from her husband,
who, actuated by. grief or revenge, shot
her and then cut his throat. He Is in
a precarious condition in the hospital.
"JVcbraskan States That His Support of
*.<•¦ Phrker Is Sincere.
MARYVILLE, Mo., Oct. 10.— W. J.
Bryan addressed an. open-air meeting
here to-night. He made an earnest
plea .for the election of Joseph W. Folk,
Democratic candidate for Governor of
Missouri.
Referring to the national campaign,
Bryan said he believed his hearers
would give him credit for courage
enough to oppose Parker openly if he
did not consider him the best man for
the place and said he hoped - that his
reputation for truth and. veracity was
such that his friends would believe him
when he said he was supporting the
Democratic nominees by every means in
his power. He said that he was sup
porting Parker because in all things
where Parker was weak, according to
his view, Roosevelt was weaker.
The Wise Man of To-Day.
The wise man of to-day makes provi
sion for the future. The man who does
not do this does not know the value of
money. When a man enters the shadow
of old age and has nothing to show for
the labor of years, it is with sadness he
gazes backward over the road that can
not be again traversed. He looks with
envy upon his rich neighbor, but if he
reflects he will find that he has no one
but himself to blame. He will find that
his neighbor saved his money while he
was earning it. You can do the same
now. You can start with $1 with the
Phoenix Savings, B. and L. Ass'n, 616
California street, receiving 4% per cent
interest, compounded seml-annually. On
term accounts 5 per cent is paid, payable
semi-annually. Paid-up capital, $1,250.
000; guarantee fund, $200,000. The direc
tors are A. A. "Watkins. Charles R. Bish
op, George C. Boardman. S Prentiss
Smith, Gavin McNab, Charles E. Ladd;
Clarence Granger, managing director. •
WALCOTT OUT*FOR 3IAYOR.
Buried Under Hot Cinders.
NAPA, Oct. 10. — Joseph Botchikos.
an employe at the cement works at
Napa Junction, met with, a fatal acci
dent this morning while at work at
the quarry. He was handling a hot
clinker when suddenly a blast went off
in the quarry. The clinker caved in
from the jar of the blast. Botchikoa
was buried beneath the hot mass and
it took a force, of more than fifty men
fifteen minutes to dig him out. Botchi
kos died before Dr. E. Z. Hennessey,
who had been summoned from Napa,
arrived.
Pugilist a Candidate on the Reform
Ticket in Maiden.
MALDEN, Mass., Oct. 10. — Joe
Walcott, the pugilist, who owns two
houses here assessed for $12,000, is
a candidate for Mayor on the reform
platform, backed by some leading
Democrats and Republicans, who de
clare they will elect him over Mayor
Deane. Walcott is serious and he says
he will quit the ring if elected. Lead
ing colored men will support him. The
regulars" are actually worrying, as a
negro, Isaac Allen, was once elected
to the Governor's Council by a* disap
pointed wing of the party. #
Maiden is a swell town, where sev
eral rich Bostonians live. It com
bines wealth with poverty and the
latter hold the balance. "¦_?:. .
Quarrel Leads t6 Fatal Shooting.
OAKESDALE, Wash., Oct. 10. — Two
bullets were fired into Thomas Brown
by Frank Lewis while the men were in
front of the Commercial State Bank
this morning. The men quarreled last
night and renewed the difficulty on
meeting this morning. Both reached for
revolvers. Lewis, being the quicker,
fired twice, one bullet striking in the
abdomen, the other in the head. Lewis
surrendered. Brown is said to be
fatally wounded.
RESIGNS BANK OFFICES.
U. S. Grant Jr. Makes Sure of Quali-
fying as* Presidential Elector.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10. — U. S. Grant
Jr. has tendered his resignation as a
director of the Merchants' National
Bank and of the American National
Bank. Grant was named as Presiden
tial elector by the Republicans at San
Jose, and as .the courts have decided
that a director of a national bank is
a Federal officer he" was not eligible
to the office. Grant preferred to be a
Presidential elector, and, therefore,
sent in his resignation as director of
the two banks.
Pays but 81 Cents on the $100.
I , SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 10.—The
: final payment on the outstanding ac
counts of the First National Bank of
! San Bernardino, which went under
i some years ago, has Just been levied
j by the United States Comptroller of the
j Currency, being 18 cents on the $100
When paid, this will settle the affairs
of the bank, whose failure caused the
ruin of many people in this city and
section.
OSWEGO WORKMEN GREET SHAW
Reception in Honor of the Secretary
After His Speech.
OSWEGO, N. Y., Oct 10.— Oswego
gave Secretary of the Treasury Shaw
a most cordial greeting to-night and a
large audience listened, to his address
at Richardson Theater. A dinner ¦ in
Shaw's honor was givtfn to-night, fol
lowing which , a public reception was
held, . and = the Secretary met hundreds
of Oswego's workmen. Many uniformed
clubs from .surrounding, towns marched
and later escorted the Secretary to the
theater. , ¦:. -»' .-
Washington State foe Roosevelt.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct 10.— At a
conservative estimate •Roosevelt will
carry Washington by 30,000 and pres
ent Congressmen jwill be returned. In
some counties Turner, the Democratic
candidate for Governor, . will run
strong, but Indications are that Mead,
the Republican candidate, will win by
15,000. The Legislature on joint ballot
¦will be Republican by a liberal margin.
Republicans , at ; Fresno.
FJtESNO. Oct. . 10.— The opening
meeting of : the Republican campaign
iri; this city was held to-night in' Ar
mory Hall and waa addressed \ by Con
gressman- James McLachlan of Los
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets All
dru«i«te refund the money If It faJls to cure
K. w . Grove e signature is on each box. 25c •
. NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Judge Parker
came to New York to-day for his fifth
conference with his political managers
since his nomination.
Parker Goes to Xew York.
REDDING, Oct. 10. — Judge James
G. Maguire of San Francisco spoke
here to-night to a large audience. The
speech marked the opening .of the
Democratic campaign in this county.
%
Judge Maguire at Redding.
The one big bet so far recorded was
made Saturday night at Hotel Astor.
Da^id Newburger, an attorney, bet
$10,000 to $7000 on Herrick, the Dem
ocrat, to beat Higgins, the Republi
can. In Pittsburg to-day R. F. Wil
son bet $1000 to $400 with Zimmer
man and Forshay that Roosevelt
would be elected. He also bet $10,000
to $4000 on Roosevelt.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 — "There hasn't
been much money bet on the election
yet because some think there will be
a change in the odds In the next three
weeks,", said Gene Wood of Albany,
at the Hoffman yesterday. 4 Roosevelt
is an odds-on favorite over Parker.
"Nothing doing about here in the
betting line," said Tom O'Rourke.
•"There will be a lot of money placed.
I suppose, but the /ellows are slow
this year. Frank Johnson was tell
ing me a short time ago that he saw
a 2 to 1 bet of J2500 to J1250 laid
last night, the wager being on the
general result, with Roosevelt the fa
vorite."
Keeent Betting at Ten to Four on
, His Election.
MOXEY OX ROOSEVELT.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 10.— The first
political rally of the campaign was held
here to-night by the Republican party.
Among the speakers was E. A. Hayes,
candidate for Congressman from the
Fifth Distxjict. He was enthusiastically
received.
Hayes at Redwood City.
ANOTHER POINT
WON BY BENSON
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 10. — The San
ta F«* Railroad Company announces
that throuffh train service to Chicago
will be restored on Wednesday. De
layed trains and a vast amount of
mail matter long overdue are arriving
in Los Angeles by way of both the I
Northern and Southern routes. At '
present Santa Fe trains are being I
STOCKTON, Oct. 10.— The Milton
train. Stockton-bound, was wrecked
thrc-e miles from Milton on the down
trip this afternoon. The train .was
running slow when the roadbed gave
way and the passenger coach and
two trefzfatcan left the track and
went into an embankment. Marvel
ously no one was seriously hurt. The
heavy rains caused the trouble. The
passengers, about fifteen in number,
were loaded on the locomotive, which
remained on -the track, and were
brought to this place, only a little late
of thft schedule time.
?
Mjockam-: kelikvkd
Storm I'lays Serious Havoc Amonz
Vineyards at Colfax.
COLFAX. Oct. 10. — The last "three
days of storm, the heaviest ever re
corded in this part of the country for
this season of the year, have wrought
havoc to the vineyardists in this sec
tion. Less than half of the grape crop
had been gathered in previous to the
breaking of the storm, but ranchers
report that that portion which was left
on the vines is a total loss. The fitful
fhowers of Saturday developed Into a
storm which late in the afternoon as-
Kumed the proportions of a cloudburst.
In twenty minutes 1.45 inches fell.
This was followed by a driving hail
storm which caused the already soft
ened skins of the grapes to burst, thus
rendering- the fruit unfit for any mar
ket. From this shipping point alone
the lo?s will approximate $100,000.
The total precipitation for the sea
son is S.10 inches as against 3.2 inches
for las?t year. Heavy snows are re
ported at the summit and all trains
from t)i» East have been delayed from
three to ttvelve hours.
IIAINS WASH A WAV TRACK
Angeles and Frank H. Short of this
city. Both men discussed the tariff
and defended* the personality of
Roosevelt. A fair sized crowd met the
speakers.
c;raii;s badly damaged.
WARRENSBURG, Mo.. Oct. ,10.—
Twenty-eight persons were killed and
sixty injured by a collision of Missouri
Pacific trains three miles east of.War
rensburg at 4 o'clock this morning.
The trains were the second section
of passenger train No. 30 which left
Wichita, Kan., for St. Louis last night,
and an extra" freight' train. Twenty
seven of the dead are in undertaking
rooms in this city and the seriously
wounded are in the railroad hospital
in Sedalia. The dead:
MRS. A. J. DARST and 12-year-old
son, GILBERT.
W. U. ALLEN and two sons, BAIRD
and FRANCIS, Pittsburg, Kan.
DORSEY GREEN. Pennsboro, Mo.
T. F- DORES, Bronaugh, Mo.
ADA KINE, Pittsburg. Kan.
MISSES DOLLIE and NELLIE SUL
LIVAN, Cedarvale, Kan.
T. ALLEY.
S. A. WEBER, Forestville. Pa.
DICY REAM. Bronaugh, Mo.
CAL REAM, Bronaugn, Mo.-
GERTRUDE LOUD. Bronaugh. Mo.
CLARENCE, OLLIE and JESSIE
HERRING, Coffeyville, Kan.
DR. H. V. McILHENRY. Kingman,
Kan.
BRUCE McILHENRY Kingman,
Kan.
MRS. COOPER. Oxford, Kan.
PHIL RAGEL, wife and son, Edna,
Kan.
HARRY CAttR, Sedan, Kan.
W. SEIDEL, brakeman. Jefferson,
City, Mo.
MRS. J. J. CASEMENT, Sedan, Kan.
JOSIE GREGG, Sedan, Kan.
An unidentified woman riding in the
cab of the passenger engine.
Most of the injured are from small
towns in Kansas. They are:
A. J. Wood, Oxford, Kan., hands and face
(«(alde<l; Mrs. A. J. Wood, Oxford, Kan.,
bruise J and internally injured, fatally hurt;
J. II. Sullivan. Cedarvale, Kan., hands lacer
ated and scalded; Charlrs Cassment, Sedan,
Kan., lee broken, srine hurt, head and face
lacerated and bruised; Dasta Gregtf, Sedan,
Kan., left hip dislocated and Injuries below the
knee, scalded face and hands: Mrs. J. Esch,
Dtxt»r. Kan., left log broken; J. Esch, I>exter.
Kan., face lacerated and scalded; Robert
Vaughn. Cherokee, Kan., both hands injured
by broken glaxs; Estelle Mahan. Cherokee,
Kan., hands injured; F. X. Cunningham,
Mannington, W. Va., hands and hip lacer
ated and scalded; Clem B. Dozler, Cloverdale.
Kan., hands cut and scalded: J. R. Benninft,
Oreenola, Kan., hands cut; Mrs. C. C.
Huston, Wellington, Kan., face and arms
scalded, back Injured; Mrs. Noah Bowman,
Oxford, Kan., face and hands scalded and
knee injured; Noah Bowman, Oxford, Kan.,
face and hands scalded and shoulder injured;
Fred Barnes, Oxford. Kan., arms fractured,
hands scalded and head hurt; J. R. Cole,
Wlnflcld. Kan.,, head scalded and hands' lacer
ated: William Looke, Oxford, Kan., head
scalded: Mrs. William Looke, Oxfo/d. Kan.,
cut and bruised, one lee ncalded; Oma Cald
¦well, Oxford, Kan., hands I scalded and
bruised in face and shoulder; Cora Reese. Ox
ford, Kan., scalded In hands; Mrs. Nellie
Ream, Brcnaugh, Mo., right \eg broken in
two places, right shoulder dislocated; James
England, Dexter, Kan., back hurt: Charles
Barnes, conductor train No. 30, bruised; Mrs.
Elizabeth Cousley, Adrian, Mo., side Injured
and ankle smashed: J. D. Hale, Dexter, Kan.,
left let broken; Mrs. J. D. Hale, Dexter, Kan.,
l«ft Its broken; Ruth Stewart, Independence.
Kan., aged 10 years, legs scalded and badly
bruised about body; Mrs. Julia Wood, Oxford,
Kan.. Injured about the head and ankles; Ed
Rossen. Jefferson City, engineer train No. 30,
hart about bead and ankles, hips, shoulders
and Internally Injur-d; "V\ r . W. Young, fire
man on train No. SO, head and face bruised,
serious; three persons unconscious, names and
places of residence unknown.
Many who were slightly Injured made no
report and continued on oth«r trains to St. .
Louis. s-r-'.- ."¦
The passenger train consisting of
day coaches, a Pullman car and a ca
boose, was loaded with Wprld's Fair
excursionists from southeast Kansas
and southwest Missouri. The regular
pasenger train No. 30 had been cut in
two at Pleasant Hill on account of the
heavy load and an engine attached to
the front car without a baggage car as
a buffer.
The extra freight had sidetracked at
Montserrat for the first section of
No. 30, which carried signals that a
second section was following. This was
followed by passenger train No. 50,
which the freight crew took for the
second section of No. 30. The freight
pulled out of the sidetrack and three
miles west met the second section.
The impact telescoped the tender of
the passenger engine into the front car,
which was loaded with passengers, and
It was' here that the sacrifice of life
took place. The passenger conductor,
E. L. Barnes, ran all the way to War
rensburg and broke the news of the
wreck. Every physician In the town
responded and hundreds of citizens
hastened to the wreck and assisted the
wounded from beneath the timbers of
the broken cars. Twenty people were
killed outright and seven died before
6 o'clock. The dead were placed upon
fiat cars and brought to this city and
Dr. Bills, th« coroner, immediately im-
paneled a. Jury and started an Inquiry,
which is still in session.
The afternoon was taken up in Iden
tifying the dead, and to-night the con
ductor of the freight train Is on the
stand. He claims to have been dozing
while his train was .at Montserrat
and when train No. 50 passed Engineer
Horton believed it was the second sec
tion of No. 30, and, thinking the track
clear, pulled out on the main line.
• L. C. DresseJ. postmaster at Eaton
ville, Kan-, was taken out from under
a heap of seven dead bodies and escap
ed with nothing more serious than a
broken leg. -
' NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The. following
announcement of Grover Cleveland's
appearance at a political meeting in
this city was made, at Democratic na
tional headquarters to-day:
The Business Men's Parker and
Davis Association, whose membership
is drawn from the leading business
men of New York, has arranged to hold
a mass-meeting in Carnegie Hall on
October 21. Ex-President Cleveland
has so far overcome his disinclination
to make a speech during the canvass
that he has consented to preside at this
meeting. It is, however, fully under
stood both, by the national committee
and by his friends that this appear
ance of the ex-President will be the |
only one he will make as a speaker j
during the campaign. The principal
speech of the evening will be delivered
by ex-Secretary of the Treasury John
G. Carlisle, and it is expected that this
meting will be the most Important one
held by any party in New York during
the pending campaign.
Will Make Address In New York in
Support of Parker.
CLEVELAND TO SPEAK.
Twenty Travelers Are Killed
Outright and Nine Others
Succumb to Injuries With
in Few Hours of Disaster
The Mexican Central washout at Or
tiz Is as bad as it was a month ago, all
the new timbers having been washed
away again and scJme of them having
been burned. Santa Fe, and Rock Isl
and trains for the East are using the
tracks of the Texas and Pacific Com
pany in and out of here, but in the
west this road has been washed to
pieces ar.d the trains there are tied up.
EL PASO. Texas, Oct. 10.— No rain
has fallen here since Saturday night
and the railroads are rushing repair
work, but have not bettered the wash
out situation as yet. The Scruthern Pa
cific and Rock Island hope to get trains
through to-morrow, however, but the
Santa Fe is making no predictions.
Three thousand sacks of mail for Col
orado, New Mexico and Arizona are at
the Santa Fe depot and three railway
postal clerks have been sent here from
Han Francisco to prepare it for imme
diate dispatch as soon as the trains
move.
The principal business transacted by
the convention to-day was the adop
tion of a resolution naming Richmond.
Va., as the place for the next triennial
convention in 1907.
"Without any thonght of the relig
ious life," said he. "the Philippines
came to you carrying with them an
answerableness to God in religious
things and a call for making the Gos
pel a reality.'"
The vast audience rose when the
Archbishop of Canterbury was intro
duced. His Grace aaid that, to people
who thought at* all, the question of
missions was the biggest subject that
could be entertained. Alluding to the
Philippines and the war in the East
he said that headway had been made
in these last days and that people's
hearts and minds were filled with the
big issues, not of imperialism, j»o
called, but of the interlacing and inter
knowledge of the interests of the peo
ples of the earth.
liishqj> John iicKim of Tokio. Japan,
spoke on the "Eastern Crisis and the
Church's Opportunity." Referring to
Japan he eaid that while there had been
advancement there in an intellectual
and material way, there had been no
advance in moral and religious things.
"As to their morality, the less said
about it the better. Although a law
has been passed prohibiting the un
natural sale of tieir daughters to
lives of shame, it is not enforced."
Bishop Frederick B. Graves of Shang
hai. China, had for his subject. "The
Yellow Peril Our Golden Opportunity."
The Bishop declared that those living
on the other side of the world knew of
no such thing as "a yellow peril."
"What the American Church Can Do
in the Philippines" was the topic of an
address by. Bishop Charles H. Brent of
the Philippines.
BOSTON, Oct. 10.— The Archbishop of
Canterbury made his last public ap
pearance and utterance of his present
visit to-night at the greatest mission
ary meeting ever held in the history of
the Episcopal church of this country.
Treinont Temple and St. Paul's Church,
where an overilow meeting was held,
were both crowded to the doors and
thousands were turned away, liishuu
William Lawrence of Massachusetts
presided acd the same speakers ad
dressed both audiences.
ENGINEER'S MISTAKE
CAUSES SMASHUP
Progress Slow Despite All
; Efforts to 31 end Damage
Done by the Big Floods
Says the Philippines Have
Come to Us With Call to
3iake Gospel a Keality
MISSIONS HIS SUBJECT
"Up went the price of cattle," he
said, "up went the price of wheat, of
hogs, of everything, and up went also
some Democratic statesmen." .
?
WIL/Li SPEAK AT ESOPUS.
CENTRAL CITY, Neb.. Oct. 10.— At
this place Senator Fairbanks discussed
the currency question, referring to the
contest of 1896 over the gold standard
and complimenting- Edward Rosewater,
proprietor of the Omaha Bee, for his
stanch advocacy of sound money. Fair
banks contended that the victory 61
the gold standard and- of the Repub
lican party had had a generally bene
ficial effect. • i
The meeting at which Senator Fair
banks spoke was held in the new Audi
torium. In addition to the discussion
of the trusts he touched upon the tariff
question and discussed other issues. He
said the Dingley law had had the effect
of opening many factories and of
spreading prosperity from one end of
the country to the other. He outlined
the policy of the Republican party with
reference to the Panama canal, claim
ing for that party all the credit for
what had been done in the interest of
that enterprise.
LEXINGTON, Neb., Oct. 10.—Lexing
ton greeted Senator Fairbanks with a
large crowd and he spoke for about
ten minutes. He -contrasted the recr
ords of the two parties on economic
questions to the advantage of the Re
publicans and urged the popular sup
port of the ticket headed by Theodore
Roosevelt.
The Republican party, haa sought In a wise
and eftiKitive way U> restrain the abuses which
have -grown out of. the ¦ development. It has
not made war .upon enterprises engaged In
wholesome Industry or -commerce. It has not
been provokvd to strike out against good and
bad alike, but . has sought to ascertain the
evilj existing and that' are liable to arise and
to enact laws to cure or prevent them. It has
done practically all that has been accom
plished under .national; authority. In a way
not - only to ' restrain or to prevent abuses of
corporate -po^er, but' It has effectively en
forced Uiq laws, which were enacted by it,
fearlessly and without partiality. Whenever
laws have been deemed 'necessary In the pub
lic ¦ interest,' the Republican" party has put
them upon the statute books and It has ex
ecuted them as they were Intended and as the
public interest required.
It h,-,s not souvht nor does it seek to inter
fere with capital which tends to promote
wholesome • Industry "or commerce, for It real
izes that'-,to Impose i any unust limitation
ui>dn capital- 1 employed in proper productive
enterprise or In transportation would be to
restrict the field of labor and capital and
check development. We seek to deal with"
abueee and -.wrongs, and not with capital
which is engaged in promoting .wholesome en
terprises. . The unwritten law of supply and
demand has the sanction- of antiquity. It lies
at the foundation of > our largest and best '
commercial growth, and It should be arrested
in Its operation only when the public welfare
requires. '
We should be as earnest in the protection
of the capital employed in the proper promo
tion of Industry and commerce as we should
be In guarding against its use for improper
purposes. We must always realize that labor
and capital are the two great instruments in
industrial nnd national development and that
we should be observant of their rights. We
should not be moved to pursue an unjust or..
hostile course toward either. Kach should be
encouraged In promoting in its respective
sphere our highest and best development. If
we are but Inspired with a sense of Justice
and turn a deaf ear to mere passion and
prejudice, we shall have little difficulty In
solving the great problems which await us.
Trusts may ' be " strong, but the Government
Is stronger. There Is no combination which
Is net amenable to the public law. The de
velopment of our Industries and the expan
sion. of our commerce have' made combinations
of .capital necessary. It would be Impossible
to. transact the. presents-business of the coun
try without-^ the' use ' ol larger capital In
manufacture and transportation than was
necessary a few years ago. The evolution In
our business alTairs has been rapid and radi
cal, and It has. beA attended with some abuses
which have called for the Interposition of
law. . . ¦
," OMAHA,. Oct. 10.^-In , a speech here
to-night Senator Fairbanks discussed
the trust question. '.- In part he spoke
as follows: : ' ';x^h
MAILS HELD IX TEXAS
Twenty-Nine Persons Meet
• Death and Sixty A re Hurt
in Collision Between Pas
senger Train and a Freight
men to the position of deputy regis
trars. The Commissioners also de
cided to take some action to remove
the thirty-six non-civil service men
now in the Registrar's office and in
their stead make appointments from
the forty men who* were recently em
ployed in the Auditor's office.
The latter are duly qualified clerks
on the civil service eligible list. They
have been discharged from service in
the Auditor's office because the work
they were called to do Is finished. The
Commissioners are satisfied that these
clerks are eligible for the positions of
deputy registrars.
Southern Pacific and Rock
Island Hope to Get Their
Trains Through by To-Day
Archbishop of Canterbury
Makes Last Speech of His
Present Visit in Boston
Urges Just Treatment for
Capital : ana Labor.
MORE THAN
A SCORE DIE
IN WRECK
REPAIR WORK
BEING RUSHED
PRIMATE TALKS
TO BIG THRONG
FAIRBANKS IN OMAHA
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, 'TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 190l.
2
A Guaranteed ' Cure : for. Piles, \
Itching, Blind; Bleeding or Protruding : PH««.
four druggist will refund money If PAZO OINT-
dKNT fails to cure you la • to 11 days. 50c •
1 . . . ADygRTISEMEVTS.
TH£ BOOK OF TOASTS |;
BY CALIFORNIA WRITERS AND OTHERS; WILL IR-
WIN DOWN -TO WILL SHAKESPEARE. ANACREON
UP TO GELETT BURGESS. A JOLLY AFTER-DINNER
\BOOK; AN. INSTANT SUCCESS; THIRD EDITION
' NOW BINDING.
Price $i 25, net. Postage 8 cents.
PAUL ELDER (& CO.
238 POST STREET . , .SAN FRANCISCO
* *
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borae the signa-
ture of Clias. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision^ for over 3O years. Allow no ona
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
'* Just-as-good" are but Experiments, and endanger tho
health of Children-— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Sooth in «r Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Ji'arcotio
substance. Its ajre is Its guarantee. It destroys AVorms
and allays Fcverislmess. It cures Diarrhoea and "Wind
. Colic. It relieves Teething" Troubles, enrea Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving- healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
Tie Kind You to Always Bought
Bears the Signature of
In Use For Over 30 Years.
• THE CI1HUR 6OMMIH. TT MUWY STRUT. N*W TOM MTV.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
&^MlWIS^2£&^ 0^ piano offerings we I
MAKE SPECIALLY FOR I
THIS WEEK.
I Every item represents a margin of value that our price
j does not denote. We want every instrument in the following
list to go out of our salesrooms this week.. Hence we have
| listed them at SNAP PRICES in order to force them out.
All are in excellent condition : - *
One SYMPHONY UPRIGHT, walnut case,
a bargain $2500
One FEMMLER GERMAN UPRIGHT, good,
at ....$5000
- One very small FRENCH UPRIGHT,
special at ..$7500
One WEBER and one DECKER BROS.,
each, offered at. ¦;' $100-00
One ARION, genuine, excellent value
at SI 50 00
One KINGSBURY,.slightly tls'ed,' but'in fine con- ' .
dition, this week at $1 75 00
One REMBRANDT^ mahogany case, good as
! - new .....$185.00
I One R. I. HOWARD, walnut case, exceptional
? vaIu e $20000
\ One HOWARD (Cincinnati), walnut case, ¦ .
? excellent $21 0 00
> One SMITH & BARNES, walnut case, worth more, '
} special at '.$22500
- One WILLARD, walnut case, a snap ' n
I at • ......$250-00 1
One LUDWIG, walnut case, first-class H
i condition $35000 I
One LUDWIG, fancy mahogany case, a bargain 1
| at •••• ••••••• ••-...$375.00 I
|^ <^~? x^ a *V9 San Francisco. JPOSTAL OFFICIAL NAMED' BT
PRESIDENT TO SUCCEED LATE
POSTMASTER GENERAL PAYNE.
Cleanse the- stomach . and restore and
•tone It up by. using LashV Bitters. •
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10J— Max R.
Hirschberg. is appointed postmaster at
Tello. Alaska, vice Thomas G. Wilson,
resigned.: \ John B. . Fendge, San . Ber
nardino," appointed railway mail clerk.
Postal Appointments.
- CANAL COMMISSION INVITES BIDS.—
Tfco Manufacturers' ; and ,; Producers' ¦ . ' Associa
tion has been notified by the Panama Canal
Commission that • the business :, men of this
State may bid 1 on' the following supplies : < 2400
barrels of Portland cement, 130 hydrants and
valves ¦¦ of . assorted : sizes, .70,000 * linear ¦ feet
of vitrified" or : cement -sewer ; pipe," 11 .steam
shovels, J.00O dump cars and 500 standard 'flat-
WASHINGTON. Oct: 10. — By order
of the War. Department Post Commis
sary Sergeant William . Smith, Fort
Egbert, Alaska,, is transferred to Van
couver Barracks, Wash. First Class
Sergeant Thomas - P. Akers, -\ signal
corps, Nome, Alaska, will., be ,. dis
charged without honor from the army
by the, commanding officer of his sta
tion on account of having be^n-"dis
qualified for the service through ; his
own fault. This soldier is entitled to
travel pay.
Army Orders -From Washington.
CHICAGO. Oct. 10. — What is re
garded as one of the most important
sessions of the Interstate Commerce
Commission this year was held here
to-day. The feature of the meeting
was an inquiry into the relations ot
private car companies and railroad
companies, and the effect on trade. J.
W. Midgley. the principal witness, de
clared that the system of private
ownership of cars "had the railroad
companies firmly in Its grasp" and was
"one of the greatest powers ever
known."
Asked for a solution of the diffi
culty. Midgley suggested a per diem
system. "Put refrigerator cars on a
per diem of 50 cents for bo much
•weight." said he. "stock cars on a 30
cent basis and other cars on a 20-cent
basis." -.
J. W. Midgley, Before Interstate
Board. Says They Have Railroads
In Their Grasp.
TELLS OF THE GREAT POWER
OF PRIVATE CAR CONCERNS
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 10. — William
Nicholls, an aged pioneerrof the
mountain section, was fobbed and
murdered at Vaughn's barn, on the
road from Havilah to Isabella. The
Yobbery occurred Friday night, and
the old man died some time last night,
according to advice received by Coro
ner Mullins from Vaughn/ this morn
ing.' Two Mexican Chulos,, employed
as woodchoppers at the Palmer ranch,
about a mile from the scene of the
murder, were arrested and will , be
charged with murder. Other arrests
may follow. The dead man was well
known throughout the county, having
resided in Kern County thirty, -years.
He owned a larse ranch in the. rrfOun
tains. He was 75 years old and un
married. ¦; '., "<£
Kernvllle Authorities Arrest Mexican
Woodchoppers and Accuse Them
of KillhiK William Nlcholls.
AGED PIOXEER ROBBED
AXD BRUTALLY MURDERED
UKIAII. Oct. 10. — The remains of
a man were discovered by two Italian
laborers on the Northwestern Red
wood Company's ranch near Wllllts
on Saturday. The clothing has been
identified as belonging to a well
dressed man who stopped at a hotel
here about two months ago. It was
noticed when he settled his bill that
he had a long buckskin purse with
considerable gold in it, and It ia
thought that the fact was noticed by
some bystander and that he was mur
dered for his money, as the empty
purse was found near the corpse. The
cause ot . death was a bullet wound
back of the right ear. which must
have produced Instant death. .
Body of Well-Dressed Stranger Found
Xear Wllllts by Italian La
borers.
THOUGHT TO HAVE BEEN*
KILLED FOR HIS GOLD
RUSH IT. Gabriel Printing Co., "Print Any
thing." 410 Sacramento tt. Never disappoint. 4
TO FELL XORRIS PROPERTY. — Mr?.
K^j'.h BocweH Kinp. administratrix of the
estate of Mrs. Julia M. Noiris. tho widow of
Ftarr Klntr, yesterday rotltiorva the Probate
Court for r^rmiKsion to s^!l several parcels
of realty, the raist valuable of which is the
reei4er.ee on Bush street, near Jon«», valued
at flS.c/o. The petition says the residence ts
r-rod'jclrg no Income and It Is too near the
hutinofs section to be d*tlrabla as a home.
r*rcm Mrs Non-fa? personal estate, Mrs. Kins
J-sf t*otlvmi UlTi.TiJl sr..
The Calchas is one of the regular
liners operating between Puget Sound,
London and Liverpool, via Japanese
waters and the Suez canal. She was
on her regular voyage and her cargo
contained no contraband.
Postmaster General Wynne later
consulted with the President regard
ing the matter. The matter will be
referred to the State Department,
which may enter into correspondence
with the Russian Government to as
certain the facts in the latter's posses
sion.
The withdrawal of the steamers
operated by the company will not
cause any material difference in the
dispatch of mails to the Orient. Mails
were dispatched by them once a
month, and such mail as would have
been forwarded by them will be di
verted to other lines.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10.— Official
notice was received by the Postofflce
Department to-day in a telegram
from Dodwell & Co. of Tacoma,
Wash., that they decline to carry the
United States mails during the re
mainder of the Russo-Japanese war,
on account of the seizure of mails on
the 6teamer Calchas, which sailed
from Tacoma early in July. The tele
graphic notification protested against
the seizure as an outrage against this
country and asked what action prob
ably would be taken by the Govern
ment.
Action Follows Refusal of Tacoma
Company to Carry Letters to the
Orient.
STATE DEPARTMENT TO LOOK
INTO THE SEIZURE OF MAIL
From Stockton — A. H. Hough and
wife. Miss Houprh, Mif=s Helen Hough.
Miss Lanotte Hough and Hawlett
Hough, at the RaleiffhJ
From San Francisco — Mrs. J. E.
Birmingham. Dr. C. L. Ellinwood. W.
L. Pirrce. Francis Heney. Miss Ella
Quiprley and Miss Mabel Mc-Mahon, at
th<* New Willard: J. S. Potter and
wife. Miss M. A. Potter and Benjamin
P'-rfield. at the Raloigh; Mr. and Mrs.
A. M. Pratt, at the Ebbitt.
From Los Angeles — Edward Bailey,
nt tho Now ¦\Yillard.
Oalifomians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10. — The fol
lowing Californians arrived in this
citv to-day:
STOCKTON, Oct. 10. — Ben Morris,
whose Darents live In Fresno, was to
day sentenced to two and a half years
in San Quentin for uttering a forged
check. Judge Nutter gave him the
light sentence because it? appeared
that Morris had made the check when
hungry and out of funds, and before
his arrest had offered to settle.
Light Sentence for a Forger.
Court Coronado, I. O. O. F., will meet
the delegates and, led by the city guard
band, will escort the visitors to the
Hotel Robinson, which has been se
lected as official headquarters. The
first session opens to-morrow afternoon
at Unity Hall, when the delegates will
present their credentials and get ready
for business. In the evening a large
class of candidates will be initiated into
the order under the special guidance of
the supreme chief ranger. At the con
clusion there will be an open meeting,
at which Dr. Gochenauer will preside.
Mayor Frary will deliver an address
of welcome and Dr. Oronhytekha will
respond.
On the local committees in charge
of preparations are the following:
Accommodations — J. H. Francis. En
tertainment—Robert E. Smith, jj Recep
tion—George A. Phillips. Finance— L. A.
Creelman and Herman Marks. Grand
marshal of parade, Fred A. Stultz.
Dr. Oronhytekha, supreme chief
ranger, comes all the way from Toron
to, Canada, to attend the gathering.
He is a full blood Mohawk Indian, but
a highly educated and polished gentle
man and physician. He has been at
the head of the order. He ' is also a
past supreme templar of the Order of
Good Templars in this country and a
Mason of the thirty-third degree, being
a past grand master of Ontario Lodge.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.— By to-morrow
noon between 700 and S00 visitors , are
expected to reach the city to attend the
High Court session of the Independent
Order of Foresters, which to-morrow
afternoon enters into a three-day ses
sion. About 400 visitors come as dele
gates, while their families and other
visiting Foresters will make up the
balance.' s
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Diego Is Prepared to
Give the Foresters' Dele
gates a Warm Welcome
SAXTA ROSA, Oct. 10. — Roy Rob
erts made threats to murder Judge
Albert G. Burnett and Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Rolfe L. Thompson to
day when he had been sentenced by
the court to ten years' imprisonment
In San Quentln. Bailiff Logan Tombs,
who had charge of the prisoner, nearly
shook the head off Roberts' shoulders
In an effort to quiet him. The crime
for which Roberts must pay the pen
alty was forging and passing fictitious
bank drafts on the Bank of Wood
land. The man had stolen a pad of
bank drafts from the bank and suc
ceeded in passing an even dozen of
them before he was apprehended.
Roy Roberts, Sentenced to Ten Years
for Forgery. Creates Scene
In Courtroom.
TO ENTERTAIN
800 VISITORS
CONVICTED MAN THREATENS
TO KILL SANTA ROSA JUDGE
The California Club will be the guest
of the Jefferson-square Club to-day,
when the ladies will bowl, handle the
cue and enjoy the various phases of
fun offered in the big building of sport.
The reception and its subsequent em
bellishments will be held from 5 to 2.
The Woman's Press Association held
its annual meeting for the election of
officers yesterday afternoon In Century
Hall. The president, Mrs. Laura V.
Pinney, was re-elected and the follow
ing members named as vice presidents:
Mrs. Josephine H. Foster, Miss Ina
D. Coolbrith, Mrs. Clare O. Southard,
Mrs. Alice K. Cooley, Mrs. Anna M.
Reed. For corresponding secretary Mrs.
Lydla H. Morrow was elected; record
ing secretary, Mrs.Augusta von Elchen;
treasurer, Mrs. Augusta M. Cahill; au
ditor, Mrs. Ada Van Pelt; directors-
Mrs. Ella M. Sexton, Miss Grace Hib
berd, Dr. - Minora Kibbe, Sara H.
Reamer: past president, Mrs. Florence
Percy Matheson.
A scientist, humanitarian and . of
royal birth, Kropotkin is a genius of
the age; not only does his colossal in
tellect cause him to stand in bold re
lief, but his personality is one of in
describable and unduplicated power,
Tolstoi, an art lover of finest fiber,
subjugated his inclination in order to
become an advocate. and worker for the
lower classes. Like him, Kropotkin
sacrificed his passion for scientific re
search to the needs of the masses, for
whom he works unremittingly, teach
ing, enlightening and leading in the
path of progress. Children of the soil
though they are, Kropotkin speaks of
their receptiveness and clarity of brain
power as contrasted with that of the
aristocracy, whose, -very environment
of domination has befogged its mind.
Miss Strunsky spoke with great ear
nestness — so much so that every-list
ener was rapt, and the close of her
speech brought her a deserved ova
tion.
Anna Strunsky, noted widely for her
literary work, has proved her clever
ness in the matter of public address.
Speaking before the Philomath Club
yesterday afternoon Miss Strunsky
held her audience speliDound, exploit
ing in detail incidents in the life of
Prince Peter Kropotkin. It was fit
ting that the series of talks upon Rus
sia should be' opened by a Russian,
and Miss Strunsky's magnetic enthusi
asm, and yet simple language, lent
such charm to her subject that the
information was of double interest, A
mistake in a preceding announcement
named the subject to be Kuropatkin,
now in 'military prominence, but the
life of Prince Kropotkin proved to be
of equal interest.* -
MISS ANNA STUUNSKY, "WHO
LECTURED I*AST NIGHT BE
FORE THE PHILOMATH CLUB.
Wynne was formally inducted into
his office at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Wynne was appointed First Assist
ant Postmaster General on April 17,
1002. For nearly a quarter of a cen
tury he had been a Washington news
paper correspondent, serving at vari
ous times some of the most important
newspapers in the country. At the
time of his appointment he was Wash
ington correspondent of the New York
Press. It was information he had se
cured as a newspaper correspondent,
corroborated and reinforced by evi
dences found in his department after
his appointment, that led Wynne to
make the recommendation to Post
master General Payne which resulted
In the sensational developments in the
Postoffice Department.
It is thought probable Wynne will
be succeeded by Cortelyou as Post
master General about January 1, 1905.
Meantime a successor to Wynne will
likely not be appointed.
Two days after the death of Payne
the President so designated Wynne
and indicated his intention of naming
him, Postmaster General until such
such time as George B. Cortelyou,
chairman of 'the Republican National
Committee, could arrange his affairs
so as to assume the duties of Postmas
ter General.
The appointment of Wynne as a
member of the President's Cabinet
was not unexpected by those in close
touch with the situation. It was
known that in the event of Payne's
death the President would designate
Wynne as acting Pastmaster General
because of his familiarity as First As
sistant Postmaster General with the
duties.
WASHIXGTOX, Oct. 10. — President
Roosevelt to-day announced the ap
pointment of Robert J. Wynne, acting
Postmaster General, as Postmaster
General '
Prince Kropoi
kiris Work
Pictured.
NEW TORK. Oct. 10.— The following
CaliforrJans arrived here to-day:
From San Francisco — XX S. Jacobs, G.
D. Graham, at the Herald Square; Mrs.
M. Price, at the Criterion; Mrs. Antrim,
at the Victory; Dr. M. O. Austin and
¦wife, at the Astor; O. Bloomingdale, J.
Bloomingdale. at the Grenoble; p. S.
Caprice, at the Hotel Cadillac; Mrs. F.
"W. Eaton, at the Everett; Mrs. G.
Brumbaugh. MIfs R_ Emngrer. Mrs. J.
H. Effinger. Mrs. J. X. Stockdale, at
the Victoria; E. M. Greenway, at the
Hoffman; H. H. HjuL, at the Vendome;
P.. Jackson and wife, at the Cumber
land; L. Klommer. at the Astor House;
K. Kunz. A. W. Pile. L. J. Meaney," at
The Hotel Imperial; C Mentzel, at the
Belvidere House; Miss S. Solomon,
Miss F. Miller, at the Everett; I>. W.
Moore and wife, F. B. Wellington, at
the St. Denis; L. Moran, at the Grand
Vnion; HL Stilling, Miss E. Netzer, at
the Park Avenue: J. Perry and wife,
at the Broadway Central; F. B. Sellers,
afc the New Amsterdam; E. H. Tivan
and wife, Mrs. S. Steel, at the Marlbor
ough; X. L. Walter and wife, at the
Holland; N. L. Walton, at the Wolcott;
Mips A. A. Wilson, at the Ashland.
From San J*ose — F. Me Arthur, at the
Park Avenue: T. S*— Montgomery, at
the Murray HilL
From Santa Barbara — G. B. Edwards,
at the Murray Hill.
From Los Ansreles — Dr. W. Dodge
rind wife, at the Park Avenue; C Hun-
Faker and wife, at the Grand Hotel; E.
G. Kahn, at the Belvidere House; F. A.
Marsher. W. E. Oliver and wife, at the
Herald Square.
Calif orniars in Xetv York.
Payne's Assistant Is Named
as His Successor by.
the President
SANTA RQSA, Oct. 10. — De Willis
Catlin is in jail here and, according to
telegraphic advices from Boklto, In
dian Territory, an officer will leave
there at once to ,take the prisoner back
to face a charge of bigamy. In the
early part of the present year Catlin
married Miss Mabel Lewis, an es
timable young lady of Glen Ellen. Af
ter a few weeks he departed for Indian
Territory on business.} Several months
later Catlin returned to Sonoma. X.
R. Meredith of Bokito is the man who
makes the accusation against Catlin.
H(- declares that the man who made
Miss Lewis a bride wedded his sister
in-law shortly afterward in Indian
Territory. Miss Lewis is almost heart
broken at the disclosures made against
her husband, but refuses to believe
him guilty.
After Marryine Glen Ellen Girl De
Willis Catlln Takes Another
Wife in Indian Territory.
SAXTA ROSA HUSBAND
TO FACE BIGAMY CnARGE
FRESNO, Oct. 10. — Despondent
ovrr financial failures and the re
rult^int loss of crops by the recent
Etorms, Garabed P. Josephian, one of
the most prominent Armenian vine
yarfiins in this connty, committed
suicide early this morning by drink
ing' a bottle of carbolic arid. He
owned two larg-e vineyards and recent
ly mortgaged his pr«perty to purchase
another larg-e vinej-ard-
The rains destroyed most of his
crop and he saw he could not meet
his financial responsibility. He lost
the entire cror> on one SO-acre vine
yzj-d. He has not been feeling -well
Tor sonie time, and ever since he re
ceived a sunstroke last summer has
been acting: strangely.
KenScred InsolTient Ijy Recent Storm*
Garabed Josephian of Trcsno
Kills Himself.
DESPOXBENT YIXEYARDIST
DRTVKS CARBOLIC ACID
"McDonald then said, 'If you testify
against Wyman we will try to rail
road you. -We will produce witnesses
to show that you induced Wyman to
vote fraudulently. We will prove that
you put Wyman ud to -vote.' I an
swered that 1 would tell the truth un
der any circumstances." .
Doyle next told of a visit of Garrity
to the witness' brother to make
threats. The wives of both brothers
v/ere -also present, but inasmuch as
Doyle did not himself hear what was
said, Judge Cabaniss would not let
him tell the story.
The cross-examination of Doyle was
without bridle on the attorney for the
defendant, and, although the prosecu
tion and the court fussed and fumed
over the waste of time occasioned by
the extraneous matter, Countryman
had his way. While the salient points
of the testimony of the witness were
not shaken, he had an uncomfortable
time of it on the stand because of his
fear to admit that he had talked over
the case with Fairfax Wheelan and the
detective employed by the Merchants'
Association to gather evidence.
LAWYERS IN A SCRIMMAGE.
So energ'etic did Attorney Country
man become in his efforts to break
down the witness that a clash between
him and Attorney Hosmer relieved the
impatience of Judge Cabaniss for a
moment. Counsel for the prosecution
objected to a question and a comment
by Countryman that brought a hot re
mark from Hosmer that the defense
would "bear watching."
"You and your gang- will certainly
bear watching as well," was Country
man's rejoinder.
A few minutes later Hosmer told
Countryman, who was handling wit-,
ness Doyle in a lively manner, that
"there is a straight way of doing things
and there are ways of conducting a
case that are not straight."
Countryman repeatedly asked Doyle
if, in order to induce him to testify
against Wyman, he had not been as
sured of protection from prosecution
for attempt at illegal voting himself.
He admitted picking up a ballot In the
booth, but nothing was brought forward
to show any criminal intent. His ex
planation was that he looked at the
ballot because he thought it would
show how many votes had been cast.
When asked if he had not consulted
divers persons as to the danger of pros
ecution and also if he had not informed
them that the Merchants' Association's
detective promised him Immunity, he
answered that he could not remember
having had such conversations.
ALiTj PROSECUTIONS MAY FAIili.
Attorney Countryman entered a form
al objection to proceeding further with
the examination on the ground, as he
claimed, that there was no penalty
clause in the primary law, under which
Wyman was being prosecuted. He
contended that section 64^ of the Penal
Code fell with the primary law of 1899,
when' the Supreme Court declared it
unconstitutional, and the Legislature
having failed to re-enact it there is no
provision for punishing Infractions cf
the primary law of 1901. This is the
point that Judge Sloss, in the recent
habeas corpus proceedings before him,
declared to have "considerable force."
Many lawyers are of the opinion thai
Countryman Is correct in his view and
will be successful when he sues out a
writ of habeas corpus in the Supreme
Court, which he intends to do some
time this week. Judge Cabaniss denied
Countryman's motion.
"I don't want Wyman dismissed on
any habeas corpus proceeding," de
clared Maestretti yesterday. "I want
him freed of the accusation on the mer
its of the testimony. It Is very ap
parent that Wyman is not the man
aimed at particularly In- this prosecu
tion, and these other people are respon
sible for the resort to habeas corpus in
an endeavor to have the primary law
knocked out. As = the expression goes,
they are trying to make a fall guy out
of Wyman." ,
The preliminary examination will be
resumed on Friday afternoon.
The testimony of Fairfax H. Wheelan
and his son that they saw Charles Wy
nian forge. the name of S- H. Mann on
the precinct roster and. cast the fraud
ulent . ballot was corroborated In part
by Special Policeman Joseph T. Doyle
yesterday at the preliminary examina
tion in progress before Police Judge
Cabaniss. The witness gave a sensa
tional turn to the case by declaring
that two men had made threats against
him in an effort to prevent him from
testifying.-
Doyle said that he saw the defendant
with register in hand sit down at the
booth table and copy a name on the
rcster and then go through the pro
ceeding of voting the baliot. At the
same time the witness saw Wheelan
make notes in a memorandum book
and look at his watch, apparently mak
ing an entry of the time.
After he had deposited the ballot,
Wyman stepped up to the witness and
with eyes fastened on Wheelan, re
marked, "I guess that man was watch
ing me." Then the defendant added:
"If it had been a vote for Cassidy it
would have been all right." Cassidy
was heading the light for the inde
pendent Republican ticket, in the inter
est of which Wheelan was working at
the polls and which was put forward
in opposition to the ticket of the Maes
tretti faction.
The men whom Doyle accuses of at
tempted intimidation are Tod McDon
ald and Thomas Garrity. who are af
filiated in politics with the faction of
which Public Works Commissioner
Frank A. Maestretti is the leader in
the Forty-third Assembly. District.
TWO MEN TIIKEATKN WITNESS.
"One evening about a week ago,"
Doyle testified, "Tod McDonald and
Thomas Garrity met me at Bush and
Baker streets, very near the room' used
as the voting place, and began talk
ing of the Wyman case. McDonald
spoke up and said, 'You don't want to
send this fellow to jail." I replied that
I would have to protect myself in the
.matter.
Testifies That Defendant,
After Voting, Expressed
a Misgiving That He, Was
Watched by Complainant
"My conscience hurts,'* was the only,
explanation Karrel made of his lost
nerve.
Three days ago Karrel enlered the
Bank of Treynor at noon, when the
cashier's daughter was In charge,
sent the girl . at the point of a pistol
after the money in the safe, and then,
tucking the coin away in his pockets,
closed the vault doors and threw the
combination, locking the, girl Inside
the vault. Her screams were heard
by people entering 1 'the bank some
time later. Bloodhounds tracked Kar
rel. but there was no evidence to con
vict him until he confessed.
OMAHA. Neb.. Oct. 10. — After
committing: the most daring of bank
robberies without leaving a bit of
evidence that would secure his con
viction. Karl Karrel of Treynor, Iowa,
lost his nerve, confessed his guilt to
the police, returned the stolen money
and begged to be put In the peniten
tiary at once.
Tne waJls, vMch •were constrocteil
of iron and cement, had reached a
height of fo'ur stories. There is much
feeling against the architect tvho
planned and has charge of the -wort.
SA2CTIAGO, Chile, Oct: 10. — One
rstmdrea trorfcnen •vrere buried by the
fall to-day of •waJls in tie course of
erection for an extension of tlie Casa
Pra sicres in this city- Up to the
present time fifteen corpses and forty
Tronndefl haxe been removed from the
ruins. The £re brigade xras r^H^d out
to assist in the rexnovaJ of tha dead
and ¦u'ounfiei.
GITOS COREOBOEATION
TO AVHEELAN ACCOUNT
Epedal Dispatch to Tho Call.
Fifteen Corpses and Forty
I Wounded Removed From
Ruins at Time of Report
He Returns the- Stolen Coin
and Asks to Be Sent to
the Penitentiary at Once
Special Policeman John T.
Doyle Says Two Men
Tried to Intimidate Him,
in the Interest of Wyman
FIRE BRIGADE CALLED
CONSCIENCE HURTS HDI
Hundred Workmen of Chile
Are Caught Under Large
Building as It Collapses
Man Who Looted Iowa Bank
and Locked Girl in the
Vault Confesses Crime
THREATS
ALLEGED BY
WITNESS
FALLING WALLS
BURY SCORES
BOLD ROBBER
LOSES NERVE
EARNEST ADDRESS
BY ANN A STRUNSKY
WYNNE NOW
MEMBER OF
THE CABINET
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY,-. OCTOBER 11, 1904.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SiOK HEADACHE
1 : — : = — I Positirelr cured by
f* A DTC" OQ these Llttle Piil9#
i/M K\ I L T\O The T al«> reUere Dls-
itbbbj tress from Dyspepsia, In-
Calsi ITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
lUT I \f E* H5 Eating:. A perfect rem-
edy for Dizziness. Nausea,
si! PILIiSs Drowsiness, Bad Taste
HH gg in the Mouth. Coated
MMBgHBg v : . Tongue, Pain In the Side,
™^ vxgfKun I TORPID LIVER. They
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALLDOSE. SMALL PRICE
aIdttS^I cm* 2 sick headache.
aiiTTLE' - Genuine Must Bear
S:«IVER Fac-Simile Signature
f ST PILLS. -^ _
DR. PIOtCE'S REMEDIES.
The Toilers in Our
Factories.
No workinen in the world can do so much
it nse Vie f an:e intelligence that our own i
Aiserican work-rsen and women are capa- j
— i --, ,,. r . ble oL That is why i
/£'*^5Wot I \ America is now beating
*«fiM(JB«y%(i the Tvcrld in nanufae-
{^£^Jrro£M| tures; all due to the
~~^ "V" "i *Vri\i brain rrcl inuscie of our
• j£ti v)i»fl<' Yan^ ee n»en and
= L fC?I'*a* Unfortunately where
« C i ' •flM"f^l there is smoke, dirt and i
* 2j JL/** 1 !^ dust an< * little sunl >e bt
> fi ' tisS'§?>$ there also can be found j
P i*fi?xZ5% tbe K«rsis of disease.
•S j jJ'^Trip. Nature's great disinfec-
[fv D* CTlK^ tar -*'- l9 sunlight. It is
§ jefi *«J»S» in the factory, the work-
£§ Jajgt; o g U chop, the office, that ,
¦3R '&£££! a \t '. men and women suffer
TMttcci a I* • • from diseases which arc
g J in the dust and the bad
gsjfej^jsc c R air. Sncfi disease
\J ETC^s enter into the
Hi j|r: i' i. )£• blood in two ways,
E3 ja| -vs."*," cither through -the
S3 iiS^~" "T lungs or stomach.
Y^\ -~r~ After yrars of-experi- '<
«•*?? ence in "an active prac-
l WU5 tea t i Cf . t Dr . R . v. Pierce,
of Buffalo. N. Y.. discovered a remedy i
that is a blood-maker and tissue-builder,
at the same time alleviates a cough. He
called it Dr. Picrce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery—an alterative extract that assisfs
in the digestion and assimilation of the
food — so that the blood gets its elements
from the products of digestion, the liver at
the same time is started into activity and
there is perfect elimination of waste mat-
ter. The grerms of grip, malaria, catarrh
or consumption find a fertile field if the
body is not kept in perfect order and
the blood pure.
Because the stomach is diseased there
is a diminution of the red corpuscles of
the blood. This is why one is sleepless,
languid, nenrous asd irritable. Sensitive
etomachs groan aloud at the irritating cod
liver cils, but they will cet all the food
elements the tissues require by using the
'Golden Medical Discovery."
The "Discovery" is absolutely a .non-
alcoholic ar.d non - narcotic ' medicine.
There is nothing else *"just as good."
Dr. Pisrce's Pleasant Pellets, the best
laxative for old and young people. They
cure constipation and biliousness.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OPERATIONS NOT
AIAVAYS NECESSARY
Doctors Frequently Mistaken.
"I suffered untold agohy with piles
for over three years' Two doctors told
me nothing but an operation would cure
me. I tried different remedies, but
nothing did me any good until I used
Pyramid Pile Cure. I bought six 50-cent
boxes at the drug store, an<t now I can
do my work and go out, where before
I spent most of my time lying down. I
thank God for giving the discoverer the
knowledge to make such a cure. I recom-
mend it to all my friends, and if I ever
have piles again will certainly use this
remarkable remedy. You can use this
in any way you wish to make known
the wonderful merit of Pyramid Pile
Cure." Mrs. Wm. Mucky, 81 Marshall
street, Elizabeth, N. J.
The experience of this lady is that of
thousands of others who have been as-
sured that nothing short of an opera-
tion would rid them of this distressing
complaint. On the face of it, it appears
. as if too many surgeons operate in or-
der that they may keep their hand in
and lose no portion of their skill; then,
again, too many surgeons are anxious
to experiment (like the scientific man
In Mark Twain's pathetic story of the
dog and her little puppy), and do not
have proper regard for a patient's phy-
sical welfare or condition.
We advise every sufferer to think
twice before submitting to an operation
for piles, and suggest that those Inter-
ested write to the Pyramid Co.,
Marshall, Mich., for their little book on
the causes and cure of piles, which is
cent free for the asking.
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
MUSIC, INSTRUMENTS, STRINGS.
' OCEAX TRAVEI*.
S 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 20. 11 a.m.
S' 8. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 20. 2 p. m.
B. 8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Oct. 29,11 a.m.
J.D.SPBECIEI.S&BROS. CO., ACts.,TU2et OSes 641 1«-
tet Freight Offlcs 329 Marttt si, Pier 7, Pacifc si
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO
STEAMER llX CORCORAN
Leaves B.T.. Clay st., N end of Ferry bid*,
daily 9:30 a. m.. S and 'S p. ra. Sundays.
8:30 a. m.. 8 p. m.. leave Vallejo dally 6:50
a. m., 12:20 and 6:30 p. m. "Sundays 5 p. m.
Fare 2Sc P. A. G. Co. Fhon« Main Ml.
•Saturdays eacepted. •
Tor V. B. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Strs. General Friable, Monti cello and Arrow,
9:45 a.m., 12:30 p.m., 3:13 p.m., S p.m., 8:39 p.
m. Leave Ean Francisco Sundays 9:45 a-m..
•12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m., 8:30 pm. Leave Vallejo. 7
*-tn.. 9 s-m., 12:30 p.m.. 8:15 p.m., 6 p.m. Sun-
days. 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 3:30 pm.. 6 p.m. Pier 2."
ft. Mission St.; phon* Main 1503. HATCH BROS
AjDVEKTISEMEXTS. .
f ,.¦ ¦¦¦...- * ;-\ ¦¦ . >.¦¦ ¦ ' ¦¦•*.„ ' '¦ -* ¦-..-¦-¦¦ . . . ¦"¦ ¦"" *. :¦....••¦<.
£% %: > ¦ ¦' : "* -"¦"- - " : ' *i'V
: \ /\...>t..; - ; 111
"When a person has been told that
they are in the last stages of consump-
tion, and that no treatment can helD
th»»m. it is surely a wonderful relief
both physically and mentally, to find a
treatment that has curative effects My
condition was a very serious one. and
all the medical treatment that I used did
me no good. I heard of the success of
Electro-Chemlstry In serious diseases
like my own. and I went to the Electro-
Chemic Institute, Xo. 118 Grant ave. forv
a careful examination. This examination
was free and it was so thorough that I
had great hopes when the Electro-Chexn-
lc specialists told me that Electro-Chem-
lstry would cure me. I began the treat-
ment Immediately, and in a short time
my condition was greatly Improved in
every way. When I first went to the In-
stitute my breathing was so short that I
could hardly go up the stairs. I had a
very serious cough and I expectorated
horrible looking: matter from my lungs
I had fever in the afternoons and had
night sweats. I had lost a great deal of
flesh and was so weak that I could
scarcely get about. I feel like a new wo-
man now. I feel stronger in every way
The cough has disappeared. The night
sweats and the afternoon fevers have
disappeared. I do not expectorate bad
looking matter from my lungs, and all of
this has been accomplished in a verv
short time and at very little expense I
feel it my duty to tell other sufferers of
the wonderful effects of Electro-Chemls-
try In bad cases like my own. My name
is Mrs. M. Macdougall and I live at No
400 Oak St.. San Francisco.**
It is cures like these that Is making
the Electro-Chemic treatment famous,
and it Is because of such cures that in
less than three years* time the Electro-
Chemic practice in San Francisco has
become the largest special practice in
the West. Electro-Chemlstry is curative
In all long-standing and chronic diseases
and it is the most successful treatment
yet discovered for the cure of Consump-
tion, Catarrh, Bronchitis. Asthma. Deaf-
ness, Ringing Ears. Discharging Ears.
Painful Ears. Rheumatism. Neural-
gia, Locomotor Ataxia, Paralysis. Weak
Heart. Palpitation. Shortness of
Breath. Dizziness. Headache. Nervous-
ness. Insomnia. Epilepsy, Falling Sick-
ness. Constipation. Piles. Fistula. Pros-
tatitis. Stricture. Blood Poison. Specific
Contagious Diseases. Blood and Skin Dis-
eases. Eczema. Goitre. Swollen Joints.
Weak Back. Kidney Diseases, Brlghfs
Disease, Diabetes. Inflammation of the
Bladder. Special Diseases of Women — Ir-
regularities. Displacements. Ovarian
Pains, Tumors, Abscesses, Ulcers, etc..
etc.
The Electro-Chemic X-Ray Examina-
tion is the most reliable examination that
any sufferer can have and It is absolute-
ly free to all. Patients living at a dis-
tance should try to come to the office for
this examination. In most cases the pa-
tient ran take the course of Electro-
Chemic home treatment and return home
the same day. An expensive Electro-
Chemic apparatus is loaned to outside
patients, free of charge. The Institute
is provided with separate and private
apartments for its male and female pa-
tients and everything is retired, quiet
and pleasant. All classes are now taking
the Electro-Chemic course. There are
lawyers. ministers. priests, physi-
cians, merchants, mechanics, laborers,
and there are society ladles and there are
housewives, all receiving the same care-
ful, conscientious treatment at the hands
of the Electro-Chemic specialists. The
Electro-Chemic Institute is cefttrally lo-
cated at No. IIS Grant ave.. corner of
Post St.. and the office hours are from
nine to five and seven to eight daily, and
on Sunday from ten to one.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers leave Broadway
-/£>^ S -^9«\. wharves IDlers 9 and 11),
/fr-xl s^ n Francisco:
IH.i ?faj <a % \U\ For Kftch'.kan. Wrangel.
I I vRJl I I Jimeau. Treadwells. Halnes.
X X 1TT»W*N / I Skaguay, etc. Alaska — II
\*k. VXIW/ »• ra • October 12. 17. 22. 27.
V^kSsJJvijy Nov. 1. Chang* to thl« com-
pauy's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes. South B*llinsham. Belllnfrham — 11
a. m.. Oct. 12. 17. 22, 27. Nov. 1. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (HumboMt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p m October 13, W. 2». 31. Nor. 6. Corona.
ISO p. m.. October 4. 10. 16, 22. 28. Nor. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles «Jid
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 3 a. m.
For Loa Anteles (via San Pedro and "Earst
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cru». Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Ohlspo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. » a. m.. October 14. 22. 30. Nor. T. J
'¦ Cocs Hay. 9 a. m.. October 10. 13. 26. Nor. 3.
For Enscna'la, Maitdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Maiatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Ilex.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Rlcht
Is r<"w»rv «•« 1 to rhanc steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OTnCES — * New Montgom-
ery st (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves. Prelfflit Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. Oneral Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco. - * -¦ - .
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter «t.. will
call for and check baggage from hotel* mod
res'dencea. Telephone Kxchangi* 312.
AMERICAN LI2TE.
Plymouth — CTierbourr — Sonthamvtoa.
From New Tork, Saturday, 9:30 a. ia.
New Tork O?t. 22IPhiIadelphla ..Nov.- S
St Paul Oct. 2)1 New York Nov. VJ
' ATLANTIC TBAJfSPOST U2TX.
New York — London Direct.
Mlnnetonka.Oct.22.4 pmlMlnnehaha.Nv 5. 3:30 p
Mesaba. Oct. ->. '> amlMlnneapollS',Nv.l2.3 am
¦ DOMINION UNE.
Montreal Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington Oct. 221 Vancouver ....Nov. 5
Dominion Oct iOICanada Nov. 12
KED STAR IJNE.
Haw York — Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
From New Tork. Saturdays, at 10:33 a. m.
Vaderland Oct. 22|Z*eland Nov. 5
Kroonland Oct. 20lFlnland No». 12
WHITE STA& LINE.
New Tork — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Arabic. Oct. 21. 8 p.rr. Baltic... Nor. 2. noon
TeutonIe.Oct.2" 10 am Majestic. Nor. 0. 10 am
Celtic. Oct. ?S. 7 a.m. Cedrlc. Nov. It, San.
Boston — Qneenito-wn — Hverpool.
Cymric Nov - "
NEW SERVICE FBO3S BOSTON.
Pa.it Twin-Screw Steamer*
Of 11,400 to 15,000 Tons.
NEW "YORK AITS BOSTON OX&ECT
To the Mediterranean.
Via Azores. Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
FROM NEW TORK.
REPUBLIC. Oct. 20, Dec. 1, Jan. ".Feb. 25
CRETIC Nov. 3. Dec. 12. Feb. 4. March 13
FROM EOSTON.
1 ROMANIC ..Oct. 29. Dec. 10. San. 2S. Mar. 11
I CANOPIC Nov. 19. Jan. 7 E>!>. 13
C D. TATLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
TOYO Kip KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave Paclflc Mall wharf, w.
ner F*rst and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for
Yokohama and hongkono canine «
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
ionwctinl at Hongkong with steamer, for
India etc. No cargo received oa board oa day
V MARTJ
. .VTT Wednesday, October 1», 1304
Via* 'Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates For freight and passage- apply at Com-
nany"'s efflce 421 Market utreet. corner First.
. W. H. AVERT. General Agent. ,
COXPAONIE GENEKAI.S TRAN3ATI.ASTIQ33.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS ' » m ~',
Sailing every Thursday Instead o£ ioTcsStl
Saturday, at 10 a. in., from Pier 4X HmnH&
North Rlrer, foot of Morton st.
First clata to Havre. $70 and upward. 8e«.
and class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES ANT>
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).. '
Jtrw Tork. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. Pmelflo Omi;
Agents S Montgomery avenue. San Frmn&acai
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Asaata.Concerning the various projects that
had been submitted, involving, heavy
ccst. Dornin said:
"In all the foregoing plans the cost is
greater (in some 'cases' double) what
the people have been educated to be
lieve would be rjecessary to provide a
supply and a system adequate to meet
the . ne*sds of .the city for some little
time to. come. I am > firmly convinced
that if supplemented by a salt water
sprinkling system at moderate cost a
plant can be installed for about $3,000,
000 or $3,250,000,, and It has, been with
that in view that -I have been consist
ently working during the three and. a
half years that I have been a member
of this City Council. ; iffisfe^SfS
"Not until the second day of last
month, however, was I able to g«*t a'
contract or option on the property. I
have had in view, the owners' being
loth to tie up their properries Tor lonj
ie<Tn for the small consideration 1 felt
;u£t,lied in paying on my own account.
On the above- date, however, I did suc
ceed, r,y the payment of a nominal sum,
In getting an option on the property, the
greatest inducement to the owners to
give me a contract being the prospect
of selling It at a figure far in advance
of any price they could get for it for
any other purpose, but still a figure
far below the value that the Oakland
Water Company places upon its hold
ing at Alvarado.
"And now .for the charges that this
CoubcH has forgotten its pledges, and
is trying to force the city to buy the
Contra Costa plant at $8,000,000 (this
latter an excerpt from Mr. Aitken's
open letter printed in the Enquirer on
September 26), I have to say that, so
far as some of the members are con
cerned, I know the charges to be abso
lutely false and believe the same can
be said of all. I believe all/ that is
necessary to secure the suppurt of the
whole Council is to point out a supply
that is adequate and that can be ac
quired at reasonable cost. Otherwise
it does not meet the requirements of
the platform on which we were elected,
and to which our friends pledged our
hearty support."
retorts by saying 'Why don't you fel
lows do it?'"
TELLS OF HIS OPTION.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 10.;
At the next meeting of the Board of
Supervisors the Central Supply Com
pany must explain why it has failed to
deliver to the county the 100 Columbia
voting machines which it contracted
last January to furnish. The time for
delivery is long past. Supervisor Rowe
to-day introduced the following reso
lution in regard to the matter:
Resolved, That the said contract made and
entered Into on the 14th of January, 1904, be
tween the said Central Supply Company, a cor
poration, and the county of Alameda, b« and
is hereby declared void and the District Attor
ney of said county is hereby directed to instl
.tute proceedings against the said company and
its bondsmen, the Aetna Indemnity Company,
under. the contract and bond filed with this
board on the above date.
The resolution was referred to a com
mittee of the whole without discussion
and later a motion prevailed to cite the
representatives of the company to . ap
pear and explain why the terms of the
contract had not been complied with.
Rival companies having other ma
chines to place claim the company
handling the Columbia voting machine
is unable to fill the cantract, as it had
never manufactured any large number
of machines. Supervisor John Mitchell,
however, said he had been told that
forty of the machines for this county
were already set up.
CANDIDATE KXOWLAXD
TO SPEAK IN AlAMEDA
Republican Xominee for Congress
Will Address Citizens of His
Home This Evening.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 10. — The Republi
can meeting and reception to Hon.
Joseph R. Knowland, the Republican
nominee for Congressman from the
Third District, which was to have
been held -in Armory Hall to-morrow
evening, will be held in Encinal Hall
on Bay street. This change at the last
moment was made necessary because
of the destruction of Armory Hall by
fire last night. •
At this meeting, which will be held
under the auspices of the State Cen
tral Committee, Mr. Knowland, whose
home is in Alameda, will address his
townspeople for the first time during
the present campaign. >At the close of
the meeting a reception will be held.
George H. Payne will be chairman
of the meeting and' the principal
speaker will be former State Senator
Jud Brusie. Addresses will also be
delivered by J. Clem Bates, Republi
can nominee for Assemblyman, and
W. M. Simpson, nominee for State
Senator. > .
COSTUMES FOR "AJAX"
GIVEN TO PERFORMERS
BERKELEY, Oct. 10. — Costumes to
be worn by those. who are to take part
in the production of "Ajax" were
given out to-day at a rehearsal held in
the Greek Theater. The entire play
was rehearsed, under the direction of
Miss Barrows, who has recovered
from her illness. • Dress* rehearsals
will jbe held to-morrow afternoon and
on Wednesday. • • '
Mrs. Bernard Moses, wife of Profes
sor Moses, was hostess to-night at a
reading of the play by. Rev. P. S.
Hosmer, in her home. Miss Wellen
dorff was in charge of the music,
Many prominent persons of Berkeley
and members of the university faculty
attended.
Sand Instead of Sawdust.
BERKELET, Oct. 10.- — Coach Hop
per of the varsity team asked for
sawdust and got sand. Sawdust he
desired by the wagonload for use on
the football field, to make the ground
fit for practice and games. Graduate
Manager Ezra Decoto of the Associat
ed Students, denied the request "for
sawdust;* but ordered twelve loads of
sand instead. , Captain Stroud said
sawdust was needed because the team
was losing men from injuries on ac
count of the roughness" of the ground.
Manager Decoto is quoted by R. , W.
Kittrelle, varsity quarterback and
athletic editor of the Occident, as
saying in reply to Stroud: "We can
afford to lose men this year as well
as any other." The entire subject la
exhaustively, discussed by the Occi
dent In Its issue to-day, indicating the
students' feelings. .
Dornin gave a lengthy review of the
work the City Council had done in the
effort to get a municipal water supply,
the obstacles met, and the labor given
for many months to the task. An
ewering charges which he declared had
been made by Councilman Aitken, that
the Council had forgotten its pledges.
President Dornin said:
"This attack, like many others the
same person has made when the sub
ject of his criticisms was absent and
cot in position to renly, comes with
poor grace from one who knows better
end who knows that, with no assist
ance from hml, this Council has been
struggling with might and main, to
cerve the best interests of the city.
It comes with poorer grace from one
who. when repeatedly requested and
challenged to produce a scheme for a
municipal water supply* if he has one.
The sixth and last proposition was
presented by George "W. Dornin, presi
dent of the Council, during the course
of an address. It came as a surprise to
the members in that President Dornin
eaid he had bonded out of his own
pocket a tract of 1000 acres of land, to
cost $150,000, which had shown ex
tensive artesian well possibilities. The
location of the land is not far from
Oakland, as indicated by Dornin's esti
mate of $3,200,000 as the total cost of
purchasing the site and of installing
necessary pipelines and pumping
plants for operation.
President Dornin explained that he
had procured the option on September
S, but had refrained from making It
public before the bond election had
been held, because he feared the cry of
buncombe might be raised. He re
fused to-night to say where the land
was situated, announcing that he pre
ferred to have a report first from the
epecial committee that had been
named to handle the water proposi
tions.
Fourth — Project to purchase water
rights just below the junction of the
north and middle forks of the American
River near Auburn; to dam and form
a lake three miles long and one quarter
mile wide, and supply 60,000.000 gallons
a day through two 48-inch pipes, at an
estimated cost of $3,638,500, with $410,-
S24 additional if 10,000 electrical .horse
power is desired from the *?.me
source. Councilman Edwin Meese of
fered this proposition.
Fifth— Offer by AL K. Miller to de
velop an artesian well supply in Ala
meda County for $4,000,000. This
project is said to be closely related to
the Is lies Cone plan of withdrawing a
Bupply from the gravel beds in the dis
trict.
DORXTV'S EOOXOMTCAIi PLAX.
Six separate propositions to furnish
the city of Oakland with a municinal
water supply were submitted to-niKht
to the City Council. All of them after
long discussion were given into the
hands of a epecial advisory committee
named ty President George W. Dor
nin on motion of Councilman Edwin
Mecse. This committee is composed of
Mayor Warren Olney. City Engineer
F. C. Turner, Councilman Edwin
Meese end J. T. Wallace, and James K.
Moffitt, Cary Howard and R. H. Cham
berlaJn. The last three are private
citizens. The six projects in "the order
of their presentation are:
First— The Bay Cities Water Com
pany's amended plan, guaranteeing de
livery of 20,000,000 gallons a day to the
city limits at a cost of $3,750,000, the
city to build the necessary reservoirs
end diEtiibutlng plant.
Second— M. K. Miller's plan to develop
an underground supply of water in the
city of Oakland, presented by Coun
cilman B. C. Cuvellier at request of the
2Iunic!pal League.
Third— Tender of the Sierra Nevada
Water and Power Company by A. L.
Taylor, president, with reservoir site
and other water rights on the Mokel
timne River at its headwaters in Cala
veras County. 109 miles frim Oakland,
vith a capacity of 17,000,000 gallons.
The company proposes to sell the city
a perpetual right to 32,000,000 gallons a
day. Rough estimates of the cost of
the pipeline to Oakland are $8,000,000
and $4,000,000, according to route. This
plan was presenteQ by Councilman J.
T. Wallace.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Oct. 10.
Presents Option Acquired by
Him on Thousand- Acre
Tract Near at Hand for
Supply by Artesian Wells
Dr. Hubert N. Rowell was called,
and after questioning Mrs. Hanson
concluded that she was insane, and ac
cordingly swore outta warrant for her
arrest, on the charge of insanity. He
has attended her before, and suspected
that her mental condition was imper
fect.
An hour after Dr. Rowell left last
night Mrs. Hanson broke away from
her husband and clad only in her night
dress, ran from the house, a distance
of several blocks. She was captured
Grid then placed under guard.
Spiritualism has greatly affected the
woman's mind. Her family agreed
with Dr. Rowell that she should be ex-'
amlned by a lunacy commission, and
that pending such examination her in
juries should be treated at the Receiv
ing Hospital at Oakland. The war
rant was given thte afternoon to Dep
uty Marshal Carey to serve.
Her husband, in an adjoining room,
smelled the smoke and hurried to the
rescue of the woman, smothering the
flames in bed clothing. She protested,
declaring she wished to die.
Believing that the "spirits" of her
two cousins commanded her to join
them In the .other world, Mrs. Mary
Hanson, living at Second street and
University, avenue, attempted last
night to burn herself to death. After
setting fire to a bunch of old newspa
pers, Mrs. Hanson calmly, seated her
self in the midst of the fire, and await
ed cremation.
Berkeley Office San 'Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 10^
PRESIDENT DORNIN ? S
LESS COSTLY SCHEME
Howe Introduces Resolution
Directing: thQ * District
Attorney to Bring Suit
Mrs. Hanson i /Broods Upon
"Call of Spirits" and
Decides to End Her Life
Oakland's City Council Hears
Propositions for MunjpilMl
Plant. AH Involving the
Expenditure of Millions
MAY ANNUL CONTRACT
Supervisors Cite Men Hand
ling- the Ballot Counters
to Explain tlie Delay
KESCUED BY HUSBAND
Insane Housmvife Calmly
: Seats- Herself - in Midst
of Blazing- 'Newspapers
SIX PLANS
FOR WATER
IN PLENTY
WOMAN CHOOSES
DEATH BY FIRE
MACHINES NOW
LONG OVERDUE
OAKLAND, Oct. 10. — As the result
of injury to his heart while playing
baseball several weeks ago Joseph F.
Bassett, 16 years old, the son of Mrs.
Laura J. .Bassett, is dead at-his'home,
Eighth street, near Grove. The funer
al will be held to-morrow j morning
from the Church of the Immaculate
Conception.
Baseball Injury Fatal.
ALAMEDA, Oct. . 10.— The resi
dence of . J, C. Henkenius, 1210
Paru street, was . burglarized
this afternoon between 2 and 5
o'clock and several hundred dollars'
worth of jewelry stolen. The police
believe the. theft was committed, by
a woman, as only jewelry belonging to
the ladies of the household was taken.
Burglar Visits Residence.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 10. — Elliott T.
Plummer, son of Mr. and Mrs. George
T. Plummer of 1433 San Antonio ave
nue, and Miss Lucy McCarthy of Coul
tervllle were married on June 5 at
San Pablo by the Rev. F. C. Master
son. The announcement of the wed
ding has Just been made public. Plum
mer is a member of the Encinal Yacht
Club and prominent in local social
circles. His bride, is the daughter of
L. H. McCarthy, formerly engaged in
the drug business here, and now a
resident of Coulterville. She met the
man who is now her husband one year
ago while visiting here as the guest
of Mrs. George H. Goodman of Central
avenue and Benton street. Mr. and
Mrs. Plummer are at present in Coul
terville.
Kept Their Wedding Secret.
The funeral will take place Wednes
day morning, the services being con
ducted at the crematory at 11 o'clock.
The quartet of which Mr. Wilkie is
leader has volunteered its services and
will sing at the cemetery.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10,— The death of
Mrs. Josephine E. Wilkie, the wife of
Alfred Wilkie, the well-known tenor,
occurred this morning at 7:45 o'clock
at the family residence, 1669 Broadway.
Her demise was not unexpected, as she
has long been an Invalid and had been
gradually failing ever since the begin
ning of the year.
The 'deceased was a native of Bidde
ford,, Maine, and the daughter of a
Civil War hero, Captain John P. Var
rell. Uer.mother, was .one of the most
beautiful women- in ; Maine, and Mrs.
,Wllkie .was herself ,', a _ handsome; and
charming woman/ thoroughly domestic
and devoted' to her husband and only
son, Alfred R. Wilkie';;
On the 21st of last July Mr. and Mrs.
Wilkie passed their twenty-fifth wed
ding anniversary. The bereaved hys
hand is the' once well-known opera
singer and is still a conspicuous figure
in the musical world. The sincere sym
pathy of . hundreds of friends will be
given him in this his hour of need.
Mrs. Alfred Wilkie
, Dies at Home in
Oakland.
WELL KNOWN OAKLAND WOMAN
WHO DIED YESTERDAY AFTER
A LONG ILLNESS.
BERKELEY, Oct. 10.— Two bur
glars were found in the home : of
Louis Titus, at Durant and Telegraph
avenues, several : nights ago, :. by Mr.
Titus' coachman, who routed' the
thieves. ' "
Coachman Routs Thieves.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.—^Olaf Hansen,
a sailor on a ship at Long Wharf ,. was
robbed to-night by two! men. : He was
walking down the .wharf toward Oak
land when he was seized by two men
and all . of his money, amounting to
$20, taken.. ". . .* .
Sailor Is Robbed.
BERKELEY, Oct 10.— President
Wheeler has ( directed that "readers"
who assist professors In detail work
shall not be expected to perform per
sonal services for their, department
superiors. Complaint had been made
that "readers" were asked to do er
rands and other valet work^
Readers Are Not Valets.
The Council will to-morrow take up
the two Miller projects. The Advisory
Committee will decide whether special
engineers will be required to examine
the various propositions.
water rates, which means, I hesitate to
say, the final destruction of the Contra
Costa Water Company and its prop
erty. We can only look with pity upon
the policy of the corporation that has
forced this step." ; ,
Elliott reverted to the defeat of the
municipal, improvement bonds and as
serted his' belief that .the water ques
tion had nothing to do with it. His
opinion was: "This city Is burdened
by an expensive and extravagant coun
ty government. We have on our bacics
a useless county government, which has
caused such extreme tax conditions
that the people of Oakland have
become tax cowards."
i OA!rtLAND, Oct. 10.— Mrs. Thomas
L. r Berry, residing at 1487 Sixteenth
street. , has reported to the police that
her husband, who was slightly dement
ed, had disappeared . during her ab
sence iiv- the East. Berry was last
seen at the house in June. He Is 39
years old. Mrs. Berry fears he might
have committed suicide, .because he
v had been suffering mentally and phy
sically for ' months.
Wife Returns, Finds Spouse Gone.
Tries to Remove Furniture.
Francis Wilson, who was injured on
the head last Saturday ; in a . car col
lision at Grant avenue : and Sutter
street, yesterday attempted to remove
the furniture from the Montreal lodg-"
Ing house at 1308 Stockton street. He
said he owned the furniture. He was
removed to the insane detention ward
at the Central Emergency Hospital.
Makes Attempt at Suicide.
yalentine Murphy of 443 Eddy street,
made an ineffectual attempt to commit
suicide by inhaling illuminating gas
Jast night. , He was removed to the
Central . Emergency ; Hospital -.where ; he
was soon revived. , Murphy's wife, who
is a' cripple, attempted suicide . by car
bolic acid last' Saturday -night. •
LEG BROKEN BY A FALL.— G. L. Gance
of 1031'. Willow street, Oakland,' slipped on the
wet sidewalk at Haipht and Stanyan streets
\ yesterday ; morning, . breaking his ; right . leg at
. the ankle. - * He war. taken : to ; tho Park . Hospi
tal, where ~ Dr. . Hill set , : the broken .- bone.
Julius Kahn was thanked by the
Barbers' Union last night for render
ing free legal services in a case against
a boss.
One of the master barbers refused to
pay a journeyman $2 for extra work
performed on Labor day. To back up
the> principles of the union it was de
cided to whip the boss into line. The
matter was submitted to the union
and J. J. Calish was appointed to se
cure legal service. He consulted Julius
Kahn. who volunteered his services
to the union.
Complaints from porters and bath
hcuse attendants were filed with the
Barbers' Union last night that non
union men are employed in several
shops to the exclusion of union men.
The subject was referred to a commit
tee of investigation.
A dispatch was read from Delegate
Koch who is attending the Internation
al Barbers' Convention in Louisville,
Ky., who says that the meeting is har
monious and his , reception pleasing.
At the meeting of the union last
night $25 was contributed to aid the
bartenders now ou,t oh a strike in Bak
ersfield. Other contributions were
made out of which $10 each was paid
to four sick members and one share of
the butchers' co-operative stock sub
scribed for. Three new. members were
add^d to the roll and four applications
for membership were received and re
ferred to investigating committees-
The Upholsterers' Union No. 28 is
opposed by the Crescent Feather Com
pany in the matter of union rules. The
dispute may involve the cabinet mak
ers and kindred unions. i
Barbers Are Grateful for Le;*al Serv
ices Freely Given by Re
publican Nominee.
KAIIX RECEIVES VOTE
OF ..THANKS PROM UNION
OAKLAND, Oct. 10. — The Southern
Pacific Company has arranged to in
stall three large electric motors at the
West Oakland yards, which will be
used to operate all the machinery in
the different shops. The change in the
motive power is to be made so that
It will not be necessary to run the
entire plant in order to operate .one
department.
Electricity to Replace Steam.
LiATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Monday. Oat 18.
Stmr Santa Crux, Alberts. 15 aeur* frora
Monterey and way ports.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HADLQCK— Sailed Oct 10— Scot J. K.
Weatherwax, for San Francis oo,
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 10 — Strar Qumo.
hence Oct 7; achr Barbara H*rn«ter. from
Nome.
Sailed Oct 10 — Stm r UiaatlUa, for Sao JVaa
eisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 10— Br •h!-» Aaanrvs.
for Queenstown; stmr Nevadan. for Honololo.
OCEAN BTEAATERS.
NEW YORK- Armed Oct. 10— Btmr Fin
land, from Antwerp; star Koeaigea AIb*a^
from Bremen, Southampton and, Cherbourg
BREMEN — Arrived Oct. t — Stmr X*okasv
from New York.
G LAP GOW— Arrived. Oct. 10— Suar i«v—gr
lian, from N*w York.
Balled. Oct. 8 — Star Pomeranian, far NW
York.
MOVILLE — Arrived. Oat. 10— «tmr AjrtosflB.
from New York, for Olautnr and pi'"— »1iL
ANTWERP — Arrived. Oct. 10 — Stmr ICrooo
land, from New York.
LONDON— Arrived Oct. 10— &nxe KHmm
haha, from New York.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Out. 10 — Btxnr TTliwc
Wilhelm II, from New Yorav t**, Plymouth^
for Bremen, and proceeded.
NAPLES— Sailed Oct. 9~€tmr Pmitk far
New Tortc '.
BOULOGNE— Sailed Oot, 10— fltar Bhwtam
from Hamburg, for N»w York: atxnr PvossyC
vania, from Hamburg and Ssnr, tor Nw
York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prertoo* to Oct. lO—
Stmr Korea, from Ban Frand*aat **fc KSoo»
lulu, for Hongkong:; stmr Tartar. f>an» Van
couver.
SYDNEY. N. & Tv\— Safle* Out. tO—Btms
Sierra, for San Francisco.
ASKS TOR AXIMONT^—OAJEXJlIRX Oct.
10- — Suit for 925 a month alimony toe ta«
maintenance of herself and child was began
to-day by Annie M. Fink against Jam**- c.
Fink of Berkeley. She allege* that •&» baa
been dependent upon th* charity of friendi
for the- support of herself and ccttd. A wait
for divorce la peed lor.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10. — D. L. Miller,
72 years old, a resident of Santa Mar
garita, died at the Receiving Hospital
this morning from injuries, shock. and
exposure. Miller fell from an over
land train near Sixteenth street Satur
day night and lay helpless for hours
through "the rainstorm with his right
leg broken.
Dies From Injuries.
BERKELEY, Oct. 10. — The Trustees
to-night revived the bond proposition,
but for only one-tenth of the original
amount of $500,000. Upon a petition
from twenty-two members of the citi
zens' bond committes, this being a ma
jority, it was decided to call a bond
election for $40,000 for Fire Department
improvements, $20,000 for a ! manual
training school and $7000 for streets.
.The preliminary step for redlstricting
the town into .wards was taken upon
motion of Trustee Staats.
To Vote Again on Bonds.
WATSON SUIT ON TRIAL.— OAKLAND,
Oct. 10. — The trial of the suit brought by W. i
M. Watson against George A. Davis, super
intendent of the large hop yard near Pleas
anton, to recover $U9O damages for th* alleged
misuse and misappropriation of property on
the plaintiffs ranch near Livermore, was be
gun to-day before Judge Ogden.
PUPIL WINS PRIZE.— BERKELET. Oct.
10. — First prize in the prize essay contest
among pupils of schools throughout the State
has been awarded to Samuel L. Batdorf of .
the local .High School. A California maga
zine conducted, the contest. The subject for
Berkeley High* School was "A seat of learn
ing and Us relation to the commercial world."
SATS WOMAN DREW REVOLVER.—OAK
LAND, Oct. 10. — Irwln Frost, a private de
tective, In attempting to serve an attachment
on Mrs. John H. Thorn's barber shop last
nlrht was involved In trouble with the- pro
prietress and two of her friends, Adolsh De
cere and William Jones. Frost says that, when
he attempted to serve the papers the woman
drew a revolver and threatened to kill him.
TESTIFT FOR CREMATORT.— OAKLAND.
Oct. 10. — The hearing of the case of Leonardi
Vinci against the city of Oakland and tha
Pacific Incinerating Company, to stop the
operating of ' the garbage crematory, was con
tinued before Judge Ellsworth to-day. Wit
nesses testified that - they had made personal
examination and from the manner in which
the crematory was constructed It was not
possible for it to be a nuisance.
UNITARIAN -.CLUB LECTURE. W ALA
MBDA, Oct. 10.— Ng Poon Chew, editor of
the Chinese dally paper, Chung 8al Tat Po,
published In San Francisco, will lecture before
the Unltarlun Club Wednesday evening on
"The Russo-Japanese War In Relation to the
Future of China." It will be .the editor's
third address before the local ftrg&nlzatlon.
His two young daughters, Mansie and ¦ Effle.
and Arthur Weiss will contribute musical
numbers to the programme of the evening.
. LADIES' GUILD TO ENTERTAIN.—OAK
LXND. Oct. 10.— The Ladles* Guild of Trinity
Lutheran Church In East Oakland will give
an entertainment on the afternoon and even
lnt; of Wednesday, October 12. for the benefit
of a fund to pay off the church debt. Re
freshments and fancy work will be sold and la
the evening the young people of th* congrega
tion will present a musical and literary pro
gramme. The ladies In charge of the enter
tainment are M|s. H. Q. Rocker*. Mrs. R.
Morsenler and Mrs. A. Ricbter.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OAKLAND. Oct.
10. — The following marriage licenses were is
sued by the County, Clerk to-day: John B.
Nye. 29, San Francisco, and Elizabeth CL
Carmichael, 26. Berkeley; John McGulre, over
21, and Adeline T. Carmichael. over 18. both
of San Francisco; Clalr A. Merrill, over 21,
Suisun, and Theodora Willis, over 1S» Sacra
mento: Ellis F. Ward, 42, and Maria Blelobro,
82, both of Berkeley; George Brown Jr.. SO.
Indianapolis, and Annie M. Miller. 31. Berks
ley; Clarence Baxter, 25, and Mary Boyd. 28,
both of Oakland.
POULTRT FANCIER MISSING. — OAK
LAND, Oct. lO.-r-James Hague, president of
the American Waterfowl Club and a well
known fancier of poultry, has not been heard
from since his disappearance two month* ago
from his residence, 356 College avenue. Mrs.
Hasrue cannot account for her husband's ab
sence.
RECEPTION TO JUDGE SAMUELS.—OAK
LAND, Oct. 10. — The Knights of Pythias
lodges of Oakland will hold a reception Thurs
day evening at Pythian Castle, Twelfth and
Franklin streets, in honor of Judg» George
Samuels, supreme representative to the Su
preme Lodge, which was convened at Louis
ville. Ky.
WOULD STAT ROAD. — OAKLAND. Oct.
10. — The Standard Soap Company began an
action in the courts to-day against the town
of Berkeley to stop It from projecting; a road
through property owned by it at Addison
street and Bancroft way. A restraining order
to stop the tearing down of fence* is also
asked for.
THE RAINFALL IN OAKLAND.—OAK
LAND, Oct 10.— The rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours was 1.04 Inches, maklnjt a
total for the present season of 6.35 Inches.
The total rainfall at the same date last year
was only .55 of an inch. *
SOCIETIES AFTER CHILD, -r OAK1AND,
Oct 10. — The action to have Gladys Crow,
an elKht-month-old babe, declared dependent,
brought by the Associated Charities here, was
droDped to-day, as the mother has agreed to
allow tha San Francisco society to take the
child. She used the babe to help her be».
'GISH LECTURES.— JAf a - meetlnj: of the
teachers held in • the City Hall last night
John Darwin Gish. LL.D., opened a course of
lectures on the "Romanticists." The sub
ject of his first discourse waa "Sir Walter
Scott." The course will be continued on the
second and fourth Mondays for several months.
SATS BOT WAS AN INGRATE.—OAK
LAND, Oct. 10. — Ernest Woldelt. formerly a
messenger boy? is accused by Mrs. Mary Rice,
residing at 211 Fourth street, with th* theft
of <40 she had hidden In the house. Woldelt
was Riven a home by his accuser. He has
disappeared and the police are looking; for him.
CHARGED WITH WATCH THEFT.—OAK
LAND, Oct. 10. — Ernest Rutledre, 19 years
old, has been arrested on a charge of stealing
two gold watches from Mrs. E. Hill. 14-2O
Eleventh street/ where he roomed.
PAINTERS TO GIVE ANNUAL BALL.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— The Painters', Paper
han~erV and Decorators" Union will give lta
fifth annual ball at Pythian Hall on Satur
day evening, October 22.
SCHOOL BONDS ARE CARRIED.—HAT
WARDS, Oct. 10. — The school bonds election,
to decide whether or not to issue bonda for
the completion of the Laurel District School,
was held )o-day, the bonds being carried by
a vote of 122 to 9
BRIEF OAKLAND NEWS.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10. — When J. P.
Kenna, residing at 133 Hannah street,
tried to prevent Harold Blackford, his
11-year-old nephew, from running
away this morning the uncle caught a
tartar. With assistance the uncle land
ed his ward at the city jail.. The
youngster then beat a boy with whom
he was placed as a cellmate. Trans
fer to another compartment led Master
Blackford to smash the furniture. The
boy's home is at Wheatland. He had
been under his uncle's care while at
tending school in Oakland.
Yomi£ Runaway Gives Battle.
The boys and the recovered plunder
were escorted to police headquarters
to-day and were placed in temporary
detention. Agents for the property,
which is owned by Mrs. Trowbridge
Powers, were satisfied to have the
stolen apparatus restored and declined
to prosecute the boys, who were re
leased after a "heart-to-heart" talk
with the police..
The Baldwin residence has been un
occupied for some time, being for sale.
Hitchcock said much damage was done
by the cutting of connecting wires
when the batteries and other para
phernalia were removed.
Deputy Sheriff Hitchcock followed
clews that led to the residences of the
suspected boys. Both live near Moss
and Piedmont avenues. There it. was
learned that the youths had been in
terested in electrical work and had re
moved the material to use it in ex
periments conected with their . school
work.
j To obtain material for experiments in
physics. Sidney Robinson and Max
Label, each 16 years old, students at
the Oakland High School, ripped out a
large quantity of electrical apparatus
Saturday night from the Baldwin man
sion on Vernon Heights.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 10.
Valter and Anna Sorensen fwffe> to Al van
E. Small, lot on E line of Harper street, 37 15
8 of Russell. S 37 by E 122. portion of lots
18, 17 and 18, map of subdivision block 10
Central Park Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Anson S. Blake (trustee the Oakland Paving
Company, as sole cestric que trust) to Troy
Laundry, lot on SW corner of Dwijht way
and Grove street, S 115 by W 129.69. block E,
map ef blocks A and E. Crystal Springs Tract,
warranty deed. Berkel<*y~; $2593.
Anaon S. Blake Urustee) to the Oakland Par-
Ing Company, lot on SW corner of r>wight way
and Grove (or Sherman) atreet. W 350 by 3
130. block E. same. Berkeley; $10.
W. A. and Etta R. Schreck to Constantly*
M. Coelbo, lot on N line of Folger avenue.
513:1 W of San Pablo. W 270 by N 123, Iota
67 to 69. map of property of Villa Homestead
Association, Berkeley: $10. .
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Henry East,
lot pn S line of Thirty-first street. 7m> E of
Grove. E 35 by B 140. portion of lot 3,
block 2305. map of A. J. 8nydar*s resubdlvtsioa
of portion of block 2035, Rowland Tract, Oak
land; $10.
H. K Bancroft to Almira H. Banter (widow),
lot on S line of Fifty-third street. V.2.13 E
of Grove street. E 4<> by S 135. lot 4 a?4 por
tion of lot 1. block G, Sar.ta Fe Tract No. 3,
deed and agreement, Oakland; $1O.
Alfred Bayley to P. Scott, lot on NE Una
of Twenty-third street. 150 NW of Ninth ave
nue. NY.' 50 by NE 150, block 144, Clinton,
East Oakland; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to George C. Hubbard^
lot 12. block A, Sather Tract, Oakland Town*
ship; $10.
Catherine M. Buchanan (widow) to Henry
Barkmeyer, lot on E corner of LJese aveau*
and Washington street. NE 100 by SE 125,
lots 13 to 16, block 5. map subdivision of blocks
17. 24, etc., gather Tract. Fruitvale, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Homer &. and Mittle B. King to Simon M.
Boyson. lot on 3 line of San Jos* avenue. 250
E of Walnut street, E 50 by S 150, lot 13, la
W % of block P. lands ad^cent to Enciaal,-
Alameda; $10.
Charles W. and Margaret S. Miller (wife)
to Paul C. and Annie Olud (wife), lot on
NW corner of Sixth and FaUon streets, N 23
by W 100, lot 2O, block 133, Dillon property.
Western Division. Oakland; $1O.
The .Realty Syndicate to Varney W. OasklQ,
lot 8, block D. Huntoon Tract, Piedmont. Oak
land Township, deed and agreement; $10.
Emily B. Hopkins (widow) to Louis Titna,
lots 0 and 10.- block A, map of part of Hopkto*
Terrace, Berkeley; $10.
F. S. and Emily M. Pas* to Elizabeth A.
Voorhies (widow), lot on N line- of Derby
(Russ) street. 45 E of Etna, E 45 by X 100,
Berkeley; gift
Alexander S. and Eliza Ruth Ireland (Lame)
to Carlton I*, and Johanna. A. ddrldga, lot
on SW line of East Nineteenth street, fto NW
of Thirteenth avenue NW 25' by 3W C3»4.
block 111. Clinton. Eaat Oakland; $1O.
Marie HilUgass (widow.) to Louise and
George Hillegass, all Interest la follo«in*-j Lot*
7;: to 73 of Dlat S, section 1, Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; lot on W lla*
of Broadway. 75 S of Eighth street, 3 25 by
W 85. Oakland; lot 4 and S 6 feet of lot 6.
block 7, Kellersberger'* map. Oakland; lot oa
SK corner of First and Broadway, S 122.5 by
K ICO, block 204. sam» map, Oakland; lot oa
N'E corner of East Seventeenth street and
Nineteenth avenue. N ICO by E 100, portion
lots 1 to 4. block 40, San Antonio, Kast Oak
land: gltt.
A. and Bertha Lebrecht to James and Emm*
Rohan, lot on SE corner of Ninth *nd Web
ster streets. S SO by E 75. lota 7 and 8. block
86. Kellersberger's Map (recorded October 8,
19<M). Oakland; $10.^
Walter JD. and Dagmar J. Ra«d to William
Johnson. . lot on N line of Thirty-seventh
street. 540 W of Telegraph avenue, W 4O by
N' ISO. lot 7. Roosevelt Tcrrao* (deed and
agreement). Oakland; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to Mary J*. Cook, lot
on NW corner of Flfty-secodd and West strtat.
W 91.53, N 45, E 10S.44. S 48.07, lot 17, block
M. map of Santa Fe Tract 4 (deed and agree
ment). Oakland; $10.
Flora B. and William E. Min«r to Missouri
T. Shumate (wife of J. CX). lot on TV corner
of East Twenty-first street and Twelfth ar»
nue. .W ISO by 8W 75. block 127. Clinton.
East Oakland; also lot on SB Una of Eleventh
avenue, 50 SW of Cast Twenty- first street, SB.
25. SE 150. ?JE 25. NW 150, block KT» um«.
East Oakland; gift.
Alameda County.
MONDAY. OCTOBER 10.
RKAli ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Overzealous Pupils ; Help
Themselves to Material
in Vernon Heights Home
ALAMEDA; Oct. 10.— J.. A. Mahr has
reported to the police that he was held
up by two "footpads and robbed of a
gold watch and a $500 diamond ring
Friday night near his -home on Pacific
avenue and Chapin street. He has giv-:
en the authorities a description of the
robbers and offered a reward of $100
for the return of his property.
Mahr had been visiting friends in
San Francisco and believes that the
two highwaymen were persons whom
he met on the ferry boat coming to this
side of the bay and who engaged him
in conversation. The holdup occurred
at 8:40 p. m. According to Mahr he was
taken by surprise when the robbers
sprang upon him from" behind a tree
and threw him to the ground, s He de
scribes the footpads as being young
men not more than 23 years of age.
One was six feet tall," of a light com
plexion and smooth shaven. The other
was of medium build and of a dark
complexion.
Major Jose R. Pico, of the historical
Spanish family of that name, is also
included in the list of tnose who have
encountered robbers after' dark. He
informed Chief of Police John Conrad
that he was waylaid Saturday night
on Broadway and Eagle avenue and re
lieved of a watch and other personal
effects. The police are investigating
Pico's story.
— ¦ » ¦ ¦¦
Major Jose 11. Pico Reports
That H^e 'Met Footpad and
Gave Him His Gold Watch
LOOT FEOM A iLlNSION
VICTIM OFFEES EEWAED
Two Highwaymen jWaylay
and Relieve Alanjeda Man
of Sparkler Near His Home
High School Boys Kip Out
Electrical Apparatus to
Jurther Work in Physics
ROBBERS TAKE
DIAMOND RING
STEAL OUTFIT
FOR STUDYING
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1904;
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
DEATH GENTLY ENDS
THE SUFFERINGS OF
WELL KNOWN WOMAN
Councilman Elliott* declared that the
time had come when the City Council
must declare itself in favor of a plant
competing with the Contra Costa
Water Company. He said:
"After eighteen months of work in
this Council I am compelled reluctant
ly to say that you cannot enter into
any fair plan with the present manage
ment of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany to get a Just, honest and fair
valuation of its plant. We have labor
ed night after night trying to get the
Contra Costa Water Company to sit
down with us and determine the val
uation of the plant fairly and justly,
but have failed. Now we are taking
the first steps in a war of competitive
END OF OOXTRA OOSTA.
Opening the meeting to-night, Coun
cilman Aitken made a speech in favor
of the Bay Cities Water Company. He
said the plan presented by C. E. Grun
sky of San Francisco for a supply from
the Tuolumne River was his ciiolce, but
this was too remote.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AVOID
THE CAUSE
AH
DISEASE:
Niae-tenths of ail our diseases
have their beginning with <
CONSTIPATION
It is • duty we two to our
body to secure a free move-.
merit of the bowels once erery :
day. The ooe reliable remedy '
for constipation Is
KUNYADi JANOS
THE lUtUBRUXATIVEMER.
H Half a glass on arising gives
H prompt and pleasant relief.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone JXorth 77.
AliA3LEIDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alumeda 55&.
It's a Mother's Duty
To see that the children's teeth rtcelv*
the '-'WSUJ
DENTIST'S
Attention at an early age. -It will pre-
vent premature decay, irregular growth,
loosening, , etc
Our methods are thorough and «uc-
cessful. Filling, extracting, etc.. la dona
in a highly skillful manner.
Teetli Ke«rnlata<i..$5 ;Bone rilllnyi. . . 25o
Gold rilllasrs. .Sl.oo;silver Filling 1 *. . .50c
PostrGradoate Dental College
3 TATX.OS ST.. SAW TXJUf CISCO.
973 W**Mnrtoa St.. Oakland.
Baa Jose. - - - Sacramento.
To Build Robust Health
start . at the foundation of life and health. Assist your
organs to-do their work properly. Food and drink cannoj:
. nourish if your liver is not working right. Dyspepsia and
Indigestion follow if your digestive organs are out '¦of
order. 'Constipation cannot exist if your bowels are free.
A short course of Beecham's Pills will soon put you right
and an occasional one will keep you so.
1 will do more to'build up robust health and maintain It than
} any other medicine. They have done this, and are con-
tinually doing it for thousands all over the world. If you
I start now and take BEECHAM'S PILLS occasionally yoix^
I will certainly benefit to a remarkable degree.
1 Sold Everywhere in Boxes, 1 0c- and 25c.'.Wearing James Means Shoes is no ex
periment; 80 years' reputation Is back of
every pair.\ Sold from factory to you, by
James Means $2.50 and 53.00 Shoe Store
for men,' 16 Fourth street. •
Fire Destroys Niter Plant.
BERKELEY, Oct. 10. — The niter
drying department of the Sari Fran
cisco Chemical Works north of Berke
ley was destroyed by fire late to-night.
Stole Watch and Rinsr.
¦-'": Policemen Duffy and O'Connor ar
rested John Frazer last night on a
charge of stealing a gold watch, ring
and other valuables amounting to $65
from the room of J. W. Mudd of 615
California street, f Frazer is lodged at
the city, prison on a charge of grand
larceny.
To-Morrow They're 39c a Pair.
To-morrow morning, 9 o'clock, we of
fer 2500 pairs Ladies Felt Juliets, hand
turned, in all colors, for 39c a pair, all
sizes, worth $1.25 a pair, for 39c.
Also 2000 pairs Ladies' Patent Kid 3
and 4 Strap Sandals, low or French
heels, for 95c a pair, easily wortH J2.50
a pair. ¦ And for the men. Patent Leather
Low Shoes for 95c a pair, worth not less
than $2.50 the pair. Mammoth Shoe Co.,
corner Seventh and Market, streets. Odd
Fellows' building, San Francisco. •
' LOS ANGELES, Oct. 10. — John C.
Onderdonk, gentleman, linguist, law
yer, son of former New York Con
gressman and millionaire and man of
the world, is In the county jail here,
unable to get bail and will be tried
to-morrow tnorning on the charge of
obtaining $3 by false pretenses.
Onderdonk, who s came from Spo
kane, is a nephew of Bishop Onder
donk and has had a good reputation,
though his father cut him ofC because
he is said to have been a little wild, is
accused of having worked the coast
securing subscriptions for the World
To-Day, a Chicago publication, and
failed to turn over to the publishers
money- collected, in advance, so that
subscribers failed to get the maga
zine.
The specific complaint Is made by
Dr. J. D. Chaffee of Long Beach at
the Instance of the Gruminaux News
j and Subscription Company. Onder
donk Is said to have taken In and re
j tained between $500 and $1000.
"The Office Boy" at the Columbia
Theater has proved a potent attrac
tion and is said to be doing the big
gest business that has so far been
done this season.
At the Columbia next Monday night
playgoers will see "San Toy," a musi
cal comedy which ran for a season in
Xew York at Daly's Theater and ex
cited a flood of comment of the most
favorable kind. John C. Fisher will
bring "San Toy" here ' with* James T.
Powers In the same role he played at
Daly's Theater and with him will be
many other members of the original
American cast. "San Toy" was writ
ten by Edward Morton and Sidney
Jones.
Columbia.
ancc s at the Chutes yesterday and
filled the audiences with glee at both
performances. He is a very droll lit
tle man and well worth seeing. Adele
Ligon and Richard "Walsh, clever
musicians, gave an original act, "The
Up-to-Date Burglar and the French
Soubrette," scoring a hit. James and
Bonnie Farley, whose lively skit, "The
Messenger Boy," was such a success
last week, varied their act. The Hara
lins, singers and dancers, and Mabel
Lamson, the popular singer of illus
trated songs, were well received. One
of the brightest spots on the pro
gramme was the moving pictures
shown on the biograph, "Personal,"
showing the trials and tribulations of
a French Count who advertised for a
wife. The amateurs have many sur
prises in the.- way. of living pictures In
store for Thursday night.
The Chutes. J
Ted E. Box, the eccentric comedian!
and whistler, .made his first app«?£ur-l
Tivoll.
The initial production of "DerRas
telbinder" was given at the Tivoll last
night to a good house. Blanche Part
ington will give a special revieur t of
this production in to-morrow's Call. \ .
SON OF GOOD
FAMILY IN JAIL
Disappearance of Young; Agnes Jo
seph Is Charged to^ His
Machinations.
Paul Graves, a baker of 1126 How
ard street, and Agnes Joseph, a 16
year-old girl, were taken into custody
last night by Detective Reagan and
lodged in the city prison. The girl
disappeared from home on September
21 and took up her residence with
Graves and his wife. Graves main
tains that. he was actuated entirely by
philanthropic motives in sheltering the
girl. Following the departure of his
daughter, Joseph found two amatory
epistles signed "P. G." Graves admits
having written the letters, and says
that he is infatuated' with Miss Jo
seph. Mrs. Graves left her husband
about two weeks ago and has not been
seen since. It is understood that Jo
seph will prefer *a criminal charge
against Graves to-day.
Shortage Amounting to Thousands
Discovered as the Result of an
Examination.
TOPEKA, Oct. 10. — Governor
Bailey at noon to-day gave out an
official report of 700 words covering
an examination of the State Treasury
and school fund accounts. The re
port says:
. "This examination has developed
shortages, irregularities and discrep
ancies amounting to many thousands
of dollars in the twelve counties ex
amined. In my judgment the same
conditions will be found existing in
the remaining counties of the State,
not" only in the permanent school
fund but in the normal and agricul
tural funds, and suggests a thorough
Investigation." ? -•¦;
GRAVES CHARGED .WITH
r LURING GIRL FROM HOME
IRREGULARITIES IN SCHOOL
FUNDS THROUGHOUT KANSAS
Central.
Notwithstanding the weather the
Central Theater was comfortably filled
on the first presentation of "She" last
night and the auspicious opening as
sures a large attendance during the
week. Particular care has been tak
en by the management to render the
production equal- to the dramatic sit
uations and climaxes that Rider Hag
gard lent to his popular novel. /The
furor that was created by "She" when
the book was placed before the lovers
\)f Haggard's peculiar style of litera
ture was reflected in the audience
that witnessed the dramatization.
Eugenie Thais Lawton returned to
the Central last evening. In the pro
logue, which was staged with striking
effect, she received an 'ovation. A
score of beautiful floral tributes were
handed her in evidence that her re
turn to the Central's playgoers, who
have learned to admire her clever
work, was appreciated.
"She" is a play that will not fall to
please the generality of persons. It is
full of human interest and few of its
lines are dull. The scenic efforts of
the Central fully meet the require
ments of the first and last acts. In
the latter Miss Lawton does her
strongest bit of work. The spurning
of her rival and the assassination were
a well acted climax deserving of the
applause accorded it. "She" is cer
tain to draw crowded houses.
Special Cable to The Call an.1 ICew York
Herald. CopyrlsM. 10O4, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
MILAN, Italy, Oct. 10.— The King
of Italy appeared on two occasions
recently as an amateur fireman.
On the nights of Saturday and Sunday
last fires were discovered on two farms
at Racconigi, one of which Is situated
in the Roval Park and the other at a
little distance. The King arrived at
the fires In an automobile, and gave
his advice and aid in extinguishing
the fires. One soldier was injured
while fighting flames, but was rendered
happy by words of encouragement
from the King. . '.—,'¦'
After the work was over the King
ordered a plentiful repast served to
the soldiers and firemen.
ARRESTED FOR STEALING. — Juaa
Panchez wm arrested yesterday by United
States Marshal Shine on complaint oC Thomas
A Pearce, who charges him with stealing
goods from the Presidio.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— At Madison
square Garden to-night, in the pres
ence of an assemblage never before
equaled at a similar affair in point of
social and financial importance, Harry
Payne Whitney, the eldest son of the
late William C. Whitney, became the
sole owner of the stallion Ha?*»burg for
$70,000, and other stallions and mares,
including Sandringham for $14,000;
Hadspun, dam of Tanya, for $22,000,
and Endurance by Right, $16,000. For
ty-one head were sold, the total reach
ing $224,750, an average of $5481. Med
dler was not sold, it being considered
wiser to divide the catalogue into two
parts, reserving Meddler and others
for to-night.
Every foot of space in the mammoth
inclosure was occupied. Men and
women in evening dress were there in
thousands. Prominent among the per
sons present were: Harry Payne Whit
ney and Mrs. Whitney, Pavne Whit
ney, H. B. Duryea and Mrs. Duryea,
Clarence H. Mackay, Joseph E. Wid
ener and Mrs. Widener, August Bel
mont, James B. Ha&gin, Perry Bel
mont and Mrs. Belmont, James R.
Keene, De Courcey Forbes and Wil
liam K. Vanderbilt. I
In fact, the event partook largely of
the nature of a function, more or less
formal, and when the Whitney and
Duryea parly filed in and took seats in
the front row of the reserved section,
many there were reminded of the sol
emn nature of the affair which made
the sale the most notable in the an
nals of the last ten years.
Sovereign Directs Subjects
in Fight to Subdue Flames
That Threaten His Farms
HORSE SALE IS MADE
TO LOOK LIKE FUNCTION
Tx>rlnjr Club Concert To-Night.
The first concert of the twenty-eighth
season of the Loring Club will be given
to-night in Native Sons' Hall. There
will be four concerts during the pres
ent season. In two of them the club
will have the assistance of a full or
chestra. The concert this evening*
will Include singing, with and without
accompaniments. The incidental solo
ists will be A. A. Macurda, E. C. Boy
sen and W. R. Kneiss. David W. Lor
ing will direct the concert and Miss
Ruth Loring will be the pianist.
ITALY'S KING
AS A FIREMAN
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The finding of
several pounds of bent wire nails
sharpened to a needle point on the
course of the Vanderbilt cup race
where tire of George Arents' auto
mobile exploded has spurred District
Attorney Niemann of Hempstead to
make a searching investigation. It is
believed that few of the tire casualties
in the race on Saturday were purely
accidental, but that many were the re
sult of deliberate intent to wreck the
racers.
The nails were discovered along the
Hempstead turnpike to-day by Herbert
Dodge and Wiliam Morgan. Morgan
stepped upon one hidden in the dust. So
pointed was ithe sliver of wire that it
penetrated the thick Sole of his shoe.
Then several pounds of nails were
found. Half a bushel of fragments of
broken beer bottles were picked up
before the race at Elmont.
Several of the employes are reported
to have had narrow escapes. The lo<:3
will amount to several thousand dol
lars.
AUTO ACCIDENTS
DUE TO VANDALS
LEXINGTON, Oct. 10.— Judge James
M. Mulligan, whose wife and son,
James, have each been accused in
some way with having placed poison
in a plate of salmon which was set
before Mrs. Mulligan and two of her
children two weeks ago, issued to-night
a signed statement in which he exon
erates his wife from* all imputations
and places the entire blame on his son,
James. i
He says he has never once considered
as true the intimation of his son James
on the witness stand that Mrs. Mulli
gan might have placed the poison in
the salmon to cause further estrange
ment between him and his first wife's
children. He says such a theory is
uiifounded and that his favorite son.
James, is the only cause of the trouble-
He declares that except for the fact
that his son has taken advantage of
his silence to try to shift the suspicion
of the public to his wife, he would have
allowed the matter to drop although
he knew that he would be taking des
perate chances.
Judge Mulligan says the negro
Mitchell, who first made the matter
public, is a tool of his son.
The matter is now in the hands of
the grand jury for investigation.
SAYS SON
TRIED TO
KILL WIFE
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10. — Brigadier
General Frederick Funston, until re
cently commanding the Department of
the Columbia, in his annual report
says that additional observation and
conversation with officers him
In the views expressed in his last re
port that there should be a substantial
increase in the pay of the enlisted men
ol the army. General Funston says:
"There can be scarcely a doubt that
such action would bring into the army
a vastly superior body of men who
would remain in the service. It is
doubtful if an increase over present
rates of pay of 50 per cent for non
eemmissioned officers and 30 per cent
for privates would be more expensive
than under present rates when so
much time and money are wasted in
trying to make soldiers out of the in
ferior class of men who constitute at
least half of the rank and file of the
army to-day."
General Funston says that the con
struction and maintenance of the
Alaskan military line has been of ines
timable value in maintaining com
munication between department head
quarters and the various posts In
Alaska.
MORE PAY FOR
ENLISTED MEN
Roche says — so loth I was to leave
the Greet "Much Ado About Noth
ing" at Lyric Hall in the midst of its
most exquisite fooling. If these Shake
speare performances under Shake
spearean conditions do no more, they
show even more clearly how vital and
intrinsic the charm of the "Joyous
comedies." With a garden seat and a
pair of curtains for scenery, and with
out any particular magnificence of
acting, the illusion of the comedy
gripped one after its first few joyous
words.
One found one's self plotting with the
plotters, railing, laughing, living with
the merry folk in the merry days in
the Messina garden. Is there any
where greater deliciousness of comedy
than the plotting against Benedick's
and Beatrice's peace?
The Greet company bring much if not
sheer greatness to the performance.
Most notable of all is the quality of
distinction in the work. Again for the
sheer vocal beauty of the cast every
round English voice of them is worth
going to hear — the performance is no
table, and the clear, fine enunciation,
the charm of an admirable pronuncia
tion, and something else — possibly a
touch of the Shakespeare flame i' the
blood, in these of Shakespeare's coun
try, make the Greet people ft Shakes
peare something not to be missed.
Ben Greet is a better Benedick than
Hamlet— but still a better Malrolio
than either— as you may see for your
self on Thursday night next. Still he
serves well enough. Mr- Crawley is a
courtly Don Pedro antL uncommonly
good is Mr. Cleeve's Don John. Leonard
Shepherd is convincing as Leonato.
Of course Miss Constance is the Bea
trice, and brings much charm to the
presentment. Herols also charmingly
undertaken by Miss Helena Head and
the rest filled in acceptably. I had the
ur.happiness to miss Mr. Greenstreet's
Dogberry, but hear very good things
of it. The comedy goes to-night and
to-morrow matinee and evening;
"Twelfth Night" for the rest of the
•week.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
THE NEW LEADING MAN AND THE LEADING LADY AT THE ALCAZAR THE
ATER WHO OPENED LAST NIGHT IN "LORD AND LADY ALGY" AND
SUCCEEDED IN PLEASING THE LARGB AUDIENCE.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 11. — The British
Minister, Sir Ernst Satow, has notified
the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Af
fairs of an uprising in Tamtngfu and
Changtefu, on the border of Shantung,
Chili and Honan provinces. The up
rising has ten thousand adherents. The
foreign missionaries are seeking refuge.
Yuan Shai Kai, Viceroy of the province
of Chili, has given orders for the sup
pression of the uprising.
Danger is apprehended in the prov
ince of Honan, where the officials are
presumed to be ultra
General Ma, military Governor 'of the
province of Chili, reports that the
Mohammedans are showing symptoms
of rebellion, and that the Russians are
attempting to complicate the situation
by dispatching troops for the protec
tion of Russian subjects.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has
entered a protest and has requested
that the Russian troops be recalled. In
the event of a serious protest against
the Anglo-Tibetan treaty it is be
lieved that Sir Robert Hart will repre
sent China in the negotiations.
SEEK REFUGE
FROM BOXERS
The new players at the Alcazar — Lil
lian Lawrence, the leading lady; John
Craig, the leading man, and Elizabeth
Woocison, the ingenue — were happily
introduced to the patrons of the house
last night in "Lord and Lady Algy." I
dropped in in the middle of the second
act to find them already well estab
lished In the good graces of the audi
ence. And the audience seemed to
please the players just as well, when
the flowers and yells of their first Cali
lornia welcome went up over the foot
lights.
"Lord and Lady Algy," with its
strongly-lined types and straightaway
story, serves well as a medium for the
newly corralled company. Perhaps it
served particularly well last night. At
least it struck one that the part of
Lord Algy, the loud, good-natured, ag
gressive, honest-hearted racing scion
of the nobility, suited excellently John
Craig's forthright methods. No less
neatly did the role of Lady Algy seem
to fit Miss Lillian Lawrence. But you
never can tell.
Both players come accredited with
large versatility, and their work last
night shows them both accomplished
actors. Next week's "Way of the
World," a society comedy by Clyde
Fitch to be first performed here then,
may develop them quite differently and
as handsomely. But very well went the
play last night, the new and old mem
bers of the company mixing like cof
fee and cream.
The new company, so far as Miss
Lawrence goes, is blonde and hand-
Fome, as blonde and handsome as Adele
Block was brunette and the same. It
is further tall and of impressive mold.
Ftlii further it wears charming gowns.
And throughout her performance the
ectre^s showed the grace and ease of
the considerable experience that has
boen hers. She was, among other
thir.ps, be it mentioned, for almost the
¦uhole six years of its history, leading
lady with the Castle Square stock com
pany in Boston. That the larger part
of the time was spent with Mr. Craig
there as leading man goes doubtless
tax 4o explain the smoothness of the
ensemble la.«t night. Miss Lawrence's
Lady Alsry was dashing, spirited and
thoroughly likable.
Mr. Craig: is very direct in method,
unfalteringly sure of himself and with
any amount of vim. He is truly the
"leading" man, dominant, even ag
gressively so. He possesses a distinc
tive stape presence and an exception
ally pleasing voice, and one can under-
Ftand his every word. As before re
marked, his Lord Algy was a clever
and convincing portrait, and indeed
Mr. Craig's performance seems to
aujrur an all-around competence.
Miss W'ondson had the role of Mrs.
Brabazon Tudway and rather seemed
to wish she hadn't. The part suits her
ill. apparently, and that is a pity, for
Miss VToodson is a very pretty little
person to suit. Better luck next time
— as Hans says.
Tlio old puard showed up handsome
ly. John B. Maher in the lead with
t>. capital and most taking enactment
of the jockey's role. Harry Hilliard
dc^s juvenile leads better all the time,
this time as Captain Standige. and
George Osbourne, Harry D. Byers.
Harry McAuliffe and Luke Conners all
help. The house was crowded for the
occasion in spite of the rain. Cloud
bursts couldn't keep the Alcazar
clientele away.
I never regretted more than last
right not being a bird — that I might
be in two places at wanst, as Sir Boyle
County Clerk Greif, during the last
few days, has been busily engaged in
the preparation of a document that is
likely to figure prominently in th* trial
of Nan Patterson in New York City for
the murder of Caesar Young, the noted
turfman. The document concerns J.
Morgan " Smith, brother-in-law of the
accused woman, who is badly wanted
by the New York police. By Smith's
evidence the District Attorney of New
York hopes to prove whence came the
pistol with which Young was shot, the
suspicion being that it formerly be
longed to Smith and from him passed
to Nan Patterson.
Smithy and his wife disappeared
shortly after the shooting, and while
the prosecution has been hopeful of
finding him and using him as a witness
it is nevertheless taking every possible
precaution against his turning his evi
dence in favor of the defendant.
A few months before the shooting
Smith was a habitue of the tenderloin
district of San Francisco and figured in
a number of escapades, the most nota
ble of which was his connection with
the will of Max H. Kershaw, a former
resident of New York, who 1 died in a
local 'French restaurant after a long
debauch. After Kershaw's death a will
was produced in court in which the*
former Harvard athlete and well
known Eastern clubman bequeathed
the major portion of his share in his
family estate to a woman who had
been his associate for a number of
months, and who, it was claimed, had
attended him during his last hours of
illness. In the probating of this will,
which was bitterly contested by Ker
shaw's brother, Smith appeared as the
principal witness, he having been pres
ent in Kershaw's room when the will
was executed and affixed his signature
to it as a witness.
During the court proceedings Smith
was subjected to a severe grilling by
the attorneys for the contesting broth
er and much of the disreputable ca
reer in this city was brought to light.
Shortly after the trial Smith received
from some mysterious source a sum of
money, with which he bought a ticket
to New York and hurried East. It is
the testimony in the Kershaw case
that the District Attorney of New York
intends to use should it be found neces
sary to bring to light there the part
played by Smith during his stay in this
city. Tcr obtain this data it was neces
sary for the New York officials to ap
peal to County Cl' " Greif, who fur
nished them with a certified copy of the
testimony in the Kershaw case, which
was forwarded yesterday to New York
City
Fischer's Theater, long the home of
burlesques, dialects, pretty girls and
fancy dancing, will on and after Octo
ber 24 be the home of musical " farce
comedy. The reason given for the
change is the withdrawal of Rice and
Cady, the German dialect comedians,
and Bobby North, the successor of
Barney Bernard in Hebrew'imperson
ations, who are under contract to ap
pear at the Aldin, a new theater in
Pittsburg that will be devoted to bur
lesques of the Weber-Fieldian type.
The Pittsbvjrg management, in look
ing about for tall and short Dutchmen,
found that there was a scarcity of that
kind of professional talent. In fact,
the only ones insight appeared to be
Rice and Cady. who were nishtly pleas
ing San Franciscans at Fischer's. Ne
gotiations were immediately started,
with the result that Rice and Cady
have given two weeks' notice, and will
soon appear at the new PittsburE house.
Right on top of this came the two
weeks' notice of Bobby North, who
having heard of the plans of Rice and
Cady immediately communicated with
the Pittsburg people with the result
that he, too, will soon open at the
Pittsburg theater.
Just what will become of the re
mainder of the Fischer company is
uncertain. Miss Dorothy Morton
should prove as great an attraction in
musical farce as in burlesque, and the
same may be said of John Dillon. With
the adoption of musical farce the
Fischer chorus will be a thins of Jhe
past. The change will take place Octo
ber 24, and will be permanent.
"Much Ado About Noth
ing" by Greet's Com
pany Delights.
Dialect Comedians Rice, Cady
and North to Appear at
New House in Pittsburg
Evidence Is Damaging to* the
Character of Brother-in-
Law of Nan Patterson
GREIF PREPARES DATA
FAVORITES TO GO EAST
John Craig and Lillian
Lawrence Welcomed
at the Alcazar.
New York's District Attor
ney Sends for Testimony
in Kershaw Will Contest
Departure of Several Stars
Will Cause the Theater
to End Burlesque Season
"LORD AND LADY ALGY"
BRINGS NEW PLAYERS
PROBING INTO
SMITH'S CAREER
MUSICAL FARCE
AT FISCHER'S
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1901.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Never mind, my boy/*
said the Pot. "wait until
Kettle supplies me with
fresh boiling water and
I'll do my part. I'm old
fashioned but you can't
improve on me* Let
Cook keep me clean*
£ive me one tablespoon*
ful of Golden Gate for
each cup. one for
myself and boil five
minutes— satisfaction! !**
Nethlai rfoas with GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE bat satisfaction. N*
prliej-Bo cooptvu-to crockery.
1 a»<J 2 1b. •rom.-tldht t!»a.
Never aold la balk.
J. A. Folger (Jl Co,
B«t»bli*ba)d half a C • a ta ry
/San Francisco
DOAX'S PILLS.
ft MEASURE OF MERIT
San Francisco Citizens Should Weigh'
Well This Evidence,
Proof of merit lies in the evidence.
Convincing evidence in San Fran-
cisco
Is not the testimony of strangers,
But the indorsement of San Fran-
cisco people.
That's the kind of proof given
here —
The statement of a San Francisco
citizen.
Mrs. W. Heine (VV. Heine em-
ployed in the Examiner) of 3007
Fillmore street, says: "It is impos-
sible for me to say too much in fa-
vor of Doan's Kidney Pills. I have
the best of reasons for this. I suf-
fered from an attack of kidney
trouble in the winter of 1902, caus-
ing pain across the small of my back
and down through the loins. It
finally grew so bad that I could
scarcely turn or move without en-
during a most agonizing twinge, and
often as the pangs shot across my
back I almost exclaimed. Just be-
fore I used Doan's Kidney Pills I
was so helpless that for two days I
couid only get about the house with
the aid of a cane. There must be
some merit in Doan's Kidney Pills,
for they gave immediate relief. A
short course of the treatment
stopped -that particular attack. I
now know what to do should others
recur."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y.,
sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no other. .--.; - ,_.
TEETH OF CHILDREN
Few mothers know how vitally Important
Is the care of a child's first teeth. The
beauty of the permanent set depends almost
entirely upon It.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
csed with SOZODONT Liquid, prevents
accumulation cf tartar, yet being free from
grit does not scratch the enamel. Do not
ezpsriniect ' on baby's teeth. Insist on
SOZODONT. .
J FORKS: LIQUID, POWDER, PASTS. ]
ADVEavnsuaiEXTs.
ScwSpviS * • • *•*" •**¦**•* ~ •" * •* \ v - C'*'''* • * \* ,Cv^. ** ¦ * ".*. •••- • *¦. j- » • % * •* I
f%?jj» ¦ « m *\ 9 *T *•! '_"* ¦* ****"*~ ,'.*••..•" Cw»*^* • \ *w** *»***"$• ** *:*"* >'.* • *• " *% • f ** ***3
kSbjM • * # ;.>***••"•.„¦* V •'.• i .*•*" •• *. *• r*V •*•* ,".'•" > V \ ' '• :' ¦• >^r*r" -t i •*• •* .".*¦•*•* • v g Cfi
f**KpA • ** ' '*'* + d d. ?.'•¦* '.". •*• •' iJ;'-VVar" ; -O* : y iflwi'ft' •*•*** J~* " Cr ? •• p *J ffr 1
Blanchard, of Nashville, Tenn., tells how
she was cured of backache, dizziness, pain-
ful and irregular periods by the use of
Lydia E. Pinkriam's Vegetable Compound*.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — Gratitude compels me to acknowledge the
great merit of your Vegetable Compound. I have suffered for four years
¦with irregular and painful menstruation, also dizziness, pains in the back
and lower limbs, and fitful sleep. I dreaded the time to come which
would only mean suffering to me.
" Better health is all I wanted, and cure if possible. Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound brought me nealth and happiness in a
few short months. I feel like another person now. My aches and pains
have left me. life seems new and sweet to me, and everything seems
pleasant and easy.
"Six bottles brought me health, and was worth more than months
under the doctor's care, which really did not benefit me at all. I am sat-
isfied there is no medicine so good for sick women as your Vegetable
Compound, and I advocate it to my lady friends in need of medical
help. —Mrs. B. A. Bianchard, 422 Broad St., Nashville, Tenn.
When women are troubled with irregular, suppressed or painful menstrua-
tion, weakness, leucorrhcea, displacement or ulceration of the womb that
beanng-down feeling, inflammation of the ' ovaries, backache, bloating (or
flatulence), general debility, indigestion, and nervous prostration, or" are beset
rfrr^*hia3T> with such symptoms as dizziness, faintness, las-
4Srf?»wlw2K#ffi^ situde, excitability, irritability, nerrouaness,
sleeplessness, melancholy, "all-gone" and
E^;S33«^i?l^ "want- to-be- left-alone" feelings, bines and
Iilr^"^^^feSwih hopelessness, they should remember there is one
flij tried * nd true remed 7- Lydia E. Pinkham's
TOJrf*^ «*»>»s EgiO Vegetable Compound at once removes such
'Bj *5^7 15^7 t rou b* es - Refuse to buy any other medicine, for
J&&A — & I A Sevcre Case of Womb Trouble Cared ]
twffiPtiggL'* Jjrt»^ "Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — I have been
IBSSP^SiifeOT 1 \— *. c P ed of seTere kiaale troubles by
&mZFjT J JT^V the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's
f^^vvV \. / I 1/ Vegetable Compound. I was
/f NsNw* 1^ 3 J /f '" neai> l7 ready to give up, but seeing
'"V * r onr advertisement I purchased one bottle
a it. j. t v „ ,°* your m edicme, and it did me so much
good tnat 1 purchased another, and the result was so satisfactory that I
bought six more bottles, and am now feeling like a new woman. I shall
never be without it. I hope that my testimonial will convince women
that your Vegetable Compound is the greatest medicine hi the world
for falling of the womb or any other female complaints." Mrs. Mat
Cody, 2660 Birch St, Philadelphia, Pa.
Remember, every woman is cordially invited to xrrite to Mrs.
Flnknam if there is anything about her symptoms she does not
understand. Her address is Lynn, Mass., 7 her advice is free and
cneerf ully sriven to every ailing woman who asks for it.
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
Liebig Company's
great grazing f arms in Uru-
guay^ cover 1,100 square
miles, -where 145,000 cattle
fatten. . It is by far the lar-
gest company in the -world
making concentrated beef
j . foods only, and the principal
. product of this immense
factory is , the •world known
blue signature brand,
liebig Company's
Extract of BeefSTANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct 10.
Eighteen of the most promising candi
dates for the varsity football team be
gan eating at the training table, which
was started by Trainer "Dad" Moulton
this morning at the University Inn.
Two of these men are freshmen — To
masini, from Palo Alto, who Is playing
tackle and doing the punting for the
varsity, and Horton, the Ukiah hur
dler, who is a contender for one of the
guards' positions. The coaches are
eating with the men, and they will add
new players to the board as soon as
varsity form is shown. The follow
ing men compose the present training
table squad: G. H. Clark, '05 (cap
tain), end; L. P. Bansbach, '05, quar
terback; H. Shields, '05, center; R. A.
Thompson, '05, tackle; A. L. Tfow
bridge, '05, halfback; C. E. Hyde, '05,
center; M. H. Sprague. '05, guard; W.
H. Dole, '05, halfback; G. S. Smith,
'06, end; L. Bogle, '06, fullback; E. P.
Stott. '07, quarterback; R. F. West
'07, end; M. J. Weller. '07, fullback;
J. F. Brennan, '07, halfback; H. L.
Horton, '08, tackle; A. Tomaslni, '08,
tackle; A. J. Chalmers, '07, halfback.
The injured list of the Cardinal
squad is now rapidly diminishing. C.
E. Hyde, who has been out of the
garr.» for several weeks with a bad
knee, will be back on the oval this
week. Wk H. Dole, last year's varsity
halfback, who has been In the hospital
during the past month, Is well again
and has started on the training table
A. E. Preston, end on the 1901 football
team, will reappear on the gridiron
as will G. E. Dole, substitute halfback
on last year's varsity. F. Lane, a can
didate for guard, has a broken shoul
der and will be out of the game the
rest of the season. The other injured
varsity possibility, R. F. West, who
suffered a severe injury to his knee, Is
rapidly recovering and will be on the
field in a week. With these men back
in shape the Cardinal squad will be in
far better shape than it Is at present.
Eighteen Promislnjr Footballers Sub
mit Themselves to Diet Prescribed
by Trainer Moulton.
CANDIDATES FOR VARSITY
TEAM NOW IN TRAINING
Sixth race." one mile, (telling — Lissardo 106,
Rowland M 109. King of the Valley 111, Bard
of Avon 111. Ml Relna 111, Dod Anderson 112,
Glenwood 114, Ebony 114, Trepan 116, Satire
117, Barkelmore 117. '
Fifth race, one and a half miles, selling —
Excentral S7, Miss Melton S7. Charlie Miller
93. Malakoff 94. Sioux Chief 100, Lou Woods
100, Little Klkln 102. Wing Dance 105. Leflare
105. The Way 108, Major Mansir 117.
Thlifl lace, six furlongs, purse — Waba.i* £.2,
Kitd Zltt SJTuold Enamel 85, Allen Avon S7,
Seven Oaks 87, Monis 1C0, Don Domo 102, Nan
nio Hodge 102. Orfeo 105, Coruscate 105, Floral
King 111. Big Ben 123.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Broad
way Girl 90. Capitano 90. Conjuress 95. Mata
dor 68, Lochnivar 100. Lord Dlxon 103. Ivan
the Terrible 105, Cutter 110. Sincerity Belle 90,
Cigar Lighter 112. Alcor 113, Flaxman 115.
(Sincerity Belle and Cigar Lighter, Miller en
try.)
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— Following are
the entries for ta-morrow's races at
Worth:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Peggy 'Mine
99, Effie M 09. Lieutenant Rice 102. Ciptnin
Nercth 102. Jake Sanders 102. Sly Misetta 104,
Dixelle 104. Anna Beall 115. Safeguard 113,
Cohawset 117, J. Ed Grillo 117, Beautiful and
Best 118, Automaton 118, Tristan Shandy 119,
Zyra 120, The Fcg 123.
Second race, one mile, selling — La Ohapeicne
100, Trossachs 106. Rian 10«. Berni_--» ifK.:,
Spanov Cop 106. Annora J 106, Duncan 1O.»,
All!- Vlrgle 111. Ethel Scruggs 111, LHile
Wallv 111, Avenger 111, Maraschino 116, Idogo
llh W. J. Dcboe 119.
WORTH ENTRIES.
Two street car accidents happened
last night on Market street about 11
o'clock at almost the same time. Rich
ard Heaton of 309 Third street was
knocked down by a Hayes street car.
while trying to cross Market street ln
front of the Owl Drug store. He was
bruised on the head. It was thought
there might be a slight fracture of th«
skull. Benjamin Pehrson, who lives
at 248 State street, was also knocked
down by a Halght street car near Fifth
street and badly bruised about the
bedy- Both men -were taken to the
Emergency Hospital for tteatment.
TWO MEX KNOCKED DOWN
BY CARS ON MARKET 8TKI&ET
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — J. Ed. Grillo, Lieutenant
Rice, Effie 31.
Second race — W. J. Deboe, Ma
raschino, Little Wally.
Third race — Bier Ben. Floral King.
Coruscate.
Fourth rac«? — Cutter, Cigarlishter.
Alcor.
Fifth race — Major Mansir, Little El
kln. MalakofT.
Sixth race^ — Dod Anderson, Ebony.
Satire.
Condition of the track — Good.
Weather cloudy.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
An ordinance was presented to the
Board .of Supervisors by Supervisor
Comte at yesterday's meeting repeal
ing the existing ordinance which per
mits the buying and selling of pools
and the making of bets upon races be
tween dogs for a period of sixty days
in one calendar year.
Comte said he had been Informed
on good authority that the coursing
park was not conducted as it should
be. Children were permitted to gam
ble on the matches, the doga were
"doped" and other irregularities were
practiced. The matter was referred to
the joint committee on Police and Ju
diciary for a report.
The board directed the chief of the
Department of Electricity to prepare
plans for 'a permanent underground
conduit system for the wires and pipes
used in supplying the city with water,
light, heat, power and other service.
The board proposes to make provision
for the establishment of such a system
and thereby prevent the tearing up
and injury of accepted streets, as la
now practiced.
Seldom has San Francisco contained
bo many long-haired men as are now
within her borders. From the "nature
man" down to the banjoist who sells
oil and corn remedies, there is the
widest range of shaggy-headed deni
zens In raiment of eccentric color and
cut.
Strangers notice the peculiarity and
wonder whether lt is a custom of the
country for men to desert the barber.
L.ee J. Vance, editor of the American
Wine Press, yesterday said:
On one corner I heard a Ions-haired man
talk socialism. Half a block away a fellow
with long auburn hair called hims«lf a profes
sor of mineralogy and tried to sell me mining
stock. Within half an hour I met a booted
and bespangled chap with the air of an Indian
scout, another with flaxen hair and light
clothes who might b« called the dud* of th*
womanish aggregation. San Francisco's long
haired men are certainly plentiful. Next to
Chinatown. I should fay, they are your moat
distinguished peculiarity, always excepting
your grapes and your weather.
Approach of Whiter Heralded by
Large Crowd With Heavy Hir
sute Appendages.
Supervisors Will Consider
Repeal of the Law Permit
ting Betting on Dog Kaces
INFLUX OF LONG-HAIRED MEN'
CREATES UNUSUAL INTEREST
WANTS COURSING
PUT UNDER BAN
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlong*;
two-year-olds; purse: .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Col. Ruppert, 105 (Nicol) 2 12 1 8
11 to 1— Exalted, 110 (Troxler) 3 3 2 2 3
lltol — Regale, 103 (Helgersen)..10 1 0 1 3h
Time, 1:08. Start good. Won cantering.
Winner, J. A. Wernbsrg's ch. c. by Gotham-
Frederlca. Lady Wilmot 107, Lochiavar 103,
Dundall 105, Downpatrick 105. Ivan the Ter
rible 110, Ravianna 102, Smithy Kane 107,
finished as named. ,
FOURTH RACE— One mile; all ages; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
6 to 1 — King Ellsworth. 10T»(Smsr) 6 51 ln
8 to 5— Pr Silverwings. 103 (Ncl) 5 2 2 2 1
15 to 2— Ethylene, US (Harris) 1 12 3 5
Time 1:42. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner, J. G. McMillan & Co.'s b. c. (3) by
King Eric-Mabel Ellsworth. Jane Holly 100.
Ananias 105, Columbia Girl 103, Itankin !)7,
Ahola 100, Gloriosa 95, finished as named.-
FIFTH RACE^ — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Carat. 104 (Nlcol) 3 12 1 2>y£
11 to 1—D.L. Moore, 101 (Seamstr) 5 4 2 2 2
» to 10— Aggie Lewis (97) Shaver) 7 31 :; 4
Time, 1:4U 1-5. Start „ good. Won easily.
"Winner. J. McAllister's b. g. (5) by King Kc
gent-Miss Knight. Parilla 99. O'Haeen 1.0,
Benson Caldwell 105, Silvermead 95, Glcnwood
102, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; purse; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Frontenac. 107 (Foley). 2 1112
16 to 5— Mad Mullah, 109 (Nlcol). 8 6 1 23
8 to 1— Good Cheer. 109 (Minder) 6 4 % 3 1
Time, 1:14. Start bad. Won easliy. Win
ner. James T. Griffin & Co.'s b. c. (4) King
ston-Silver ¦ Belle. Copperfleld 112, Louise
Ellston 107. Miss Anthony 107, Magistrate 112.
Florence Fonso 104, Reckoner 107, General
Steward 101, finished as named.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
First race— DoroUiy Dodd, Belle S,
Wakeful.
Second race— Evening Star, Atlas,
Algonquin.'
Third race — Vestry, Bob Curt, Jake
Ward.
Fourth race — The Recent, Foot
lights' Favorite, Canyon.
Fifth race — Dawson, Hucena, Frank
Rice.
Sixth race — Mi<;s Manners, Whiskers,
Howling Dervish.
Condition of the track— Fast.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 10. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow's races at
Delmar:
First race, four and a half furlongs, maid
ens — Trlumphtr^RS 10O. Eternally 105, Dorothy
Dodd 105, Belle S 105. Bannock Belle 1C5.
Katie Crews 105, Verandah 100, Fay Sharp
100, Sonya U>0, Lady Sellers ICO, Wakeful 100,
Bessie Me 1C0.
Second race, six and a. half furlongs, selling —
Evening Star 111, Orpheum 108. Glendon 10R,
St. Winlfrede 105, Algonquin 104, Mlndora 103,
Dr. Kler 103, Lacache 10O, Lyrist 99, Saul »8,
Atlas 97. Torlo 95.
Thin! race.' five and a half furlongs, selling —
Sid Silver 110. Marchioness 105, Jake Ward
105, Vestry 105. Miss Aubrey 105. Flora Levy
100, Bob Curt 100, Matt Wadlelgh 100, Fenian
1«.K), Nepenthe 85, Ethel's Pride 108,
108. w .
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
handicap — Lacy Crawford 108, The Regent 107,
FootilRhts* Favorite 104, Canyon 102, Extol
102. Orient 96.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Flyer 110. Frank Rice 108. Barca 108, Hickory
Corners 105. Sanctisslma 105, Petit Maltre 106,
Dawson 105, Hucena 105, Bisuka 100, Nowota
100. Shortcake 06, Bountiful 01.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Avoid 107. Whiskers 107. Worthington 105.
Howling Dervish 10R, Miss Manners 104, Laura
Hunter 104. Ineolthrift 104. King's Charm 103.
Prince Light 103, Crime 102. Oudon 98, Triple
Silver 05. <
Want to Come West to Play.
MADISON, Wls., Oct. 10.— If the
Wisconsin University football team se
cures the Middle West championship
this season, it is likely to be sent to
the Pacific Coast for a post season
tussle with Leland Stanford and other
Western universities. Such is the talk
at present, and lt is having good effect
In stimulating rivalry for positions on
the team.
REDWOOD WIXS CUP.
Four to One Starter Captures Trophy
at Lexington.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 10. — The
great Walnut Hall Farm Cup, worth
$3000, donated by L. V. Harkness, was
Avon in the sixth heat by Redwood, a
4 to-1 starter. The 2:16 class for trot
ters was unfinished gn account of
darkness. Results:
2:15 class, trottinsr. the "Walnut Hall Farm
cup, purse $3000. three in five — Redwood won
the second, flfth and sixth heats in 2:10Vi,
2:12V». 2:12%: Bell Frey won the third heat
in 2:OO?4; Lady Patcheon won the fourth
heat in 2:11; June Mac won the first heat In
2:10. Direct View, Angiola, Bonner and
Jolly Bachelor also started.
2:12 class, pacing, purse $1000, three in
five — The Broncho won three straight heats
in 2:0ni. 2:07%, 2:10%. TUlle Seal. Don N.
Miss Georgia, Roland Reed, Ola Wilkes and
Austin Burns also started.
2:16 class, trotting, purse $1000, thre« ln
five, unfinished — Manland won the first and
fourth heats in 2:1HI. 2:12y 4 ; Mlllard Sand«rs
won the second and third heats ln 2:12, 2:ll* t .
Belle C, Free Silver. Miss Klnney. Altonette,
Circus Girl and Cologne D also started.
NEW YORK, Oct 10.— Boston van
quished Now York on the baseball field
here to-day, winning the American
L'-sguf championship pennant for the
second time. It was a sensational fin
ish to a thrilling struggle which has
been going on for several months and
though Boston won the New York rop
r< tentative? were not disgraced. In
fact they almost shared the honors
with tht victors. For ihe last two
Pk4mns these teams have been seesaw
ing in the lead for the championship,
and the fact that the issue narrowed
down to the outcome of to-day's dou
ble-header on the Washington Heights
grounds demonstrates how close the
battle was. In order to win the pen
r.int Griffith's New Yorks required
two victories to-day, whiie Boston only
needed one. At the end of the fifth
Inning the local men seemed to have
the first game well in hand, as they
had scored two runs.
In the seventh inning a bad throw
by Williams to the plate allowed La-
Chanre and Ferris to the plate
and tie the score for Boston. Each
eide being equal things went smoothly
until the first half of the ninth Inning
when Criger reached first safely on
en infield hit. Dineen advanced him
CD second by a sacrifice, and Chesbro
at this critical stage made a wild pitch,
the ball hitting the press stand, while
Criper was running in with the win
ning run. New York failed to offset
the advantage which Boston had gain
ed, and the game and the pennant
went to the New England team by a
store of 3 to 2.
More than 28.000 persons were within
the inclosure when the victory was
V- on. The scene which ensued will not
be forsotten easily by any of those who
v ere present.
Putimann and Winter were the op
posing pitchers in the final game, which
Tvent the full nine innings without a
run being scored. A wild throw by
LaChance gave Conroy the looked for
opportunity to tally in the tenth in
ning. Attendance, 28,600. Scores:
First pame— R. H. E.
Boston 3 9 0
Urm York 2 6 2
Battene* — Dineen and Criger; Chesbro and
IDetaow.
S^crn.1 fn>mr — R. H. E.
B<*ton O 4 1
New Y rk 1 4 1
B*ttfTieE— Winter and Doran; Puttmann and
M<<5ulre.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10.— The season closed
in tht* etty to-Jay with a double-header be
tw«*-n Washington and Philadelphia. The sec
<nd carr.e wn* called at the end of four and a
he!f Innings by agreement. Attendance, 2000.
S«nn :
Fim tame — R. H. E.
Washington 6 13 3
Phitadflphla 7 11 3
Patteri^ -Hughe* and Clarke; Applegate
end Xoonan.
Sccor.d c«me — R. H. E.
Washington 4 -5 2
Philadelphia 5 7 2
Batteries — Wclfe and Kittredge; Waddell and
Nooian.
ST. LOl/IP, Mo.. Ort. 10. — A home run by
Grady of the Bt. I>ouls National team in the
t»ntli irnlnjt to-day won the first of a series
of fpvfn s»n)ff to b* played by the St. "Louis
National and American league t*am» for the
« hamplonslup «>f the city. Attendance. J.V)0.
Si'or* :
R. H. E.
Nationals 3 6 1
Americans 1 * 1
Batteric*— Taylor and Grady; Pelty and Ka
hor.
<~LEVKLANT\ O., Oct. 10— The first post-
Mifnn nmr of the series between Cleveland
ami Pittsburg to-day ended in a tie. the game
tMing railed on account of rain in the sixth
ir.ning. Atiendanee, 3900. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 2 3 1
Prttj*wrg 2 4 1
Eattciie*— Hes« and Bemis; Flaherty and
Phelps.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 10. — With a left
hook to the jaw Tommy Ryan, the
middleweight champion, knocked out
Bob Douglass of St. Louis to-night in
the fourth round of what was to have
been an eight-round go. Douglass was
on the aggressive during the first
round, but Ryan then took the lead.
Knocked Out by Tommy Ryan.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— With the clos
ing of the playing season in the Amer
ican League to-day ended one of the
most spirited fights in the history of
the game for the championship of the
league. For over a month Boston,
last year's champions. New York and
Chicago have been fighting for first
place with only a few points separat
ing them at any time during that per
iod. In the final test, however, Bos
ton came off victorious and won the
pennant, finishing eight points ahead
RACE A CLEVER ONE.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10.— In a
whirlwind fight that was scheduled to
go six rounds at Industrial Hall to
night Terry McGovern had Eddie' Han
lon so badly beaten that the police
stopped the contest in the fourth round.
At the time the city authorities inter
fered the former champion was raining
blows on the prostrate form of Hanlon,
who was hanging on the ropes.
The contest was a terrific one. Up
to the fourth round McGovern had a
shade the better of it. In the fourth
Hanlon, seeing an opening, sent a left
hook hard to the chin and the former
champion went down for the count and
to many of the spectators it looked as
though McGovern was out of lt. Han
lon, however, threw discretion to the
wind and tried to put in a finishing
blow. He fought so recklessly that it
proved his downfall, McGovern going
at him so viciously that almost before
the spectators realized it he had the
Californian helpless.
In the first round each man slugged
with both hands, during which Mc-
Govern hooked his left to the neck and
sent ln two uppercuts, making Hanlon
break ground. McGovern uppercut
Hanlon with a right and then hooked
a hard left to the Californian's chin.
McGovern followed this up with a right
and left swing to the head and Han
lon retaliated by putting four straight
lefts to McGovern's face and a right
swing to the head as the bell rang.
McGovern started off with a rush in
the second. He sent a left to the face,
a left and right uppercut to the jaw
and a right and left swing to the body,
but as he delivered the last blow he
caught a swinging right hook on the
chin. Hanlon followed this up with
two lefts to the face and a hard right
swing to the chin. McGovern got in two
hard right uppercuts to the chin and
received a left hook on the jaw in re
turn.
Both men took things easy at the
opening of the third round. McGovern
landed three hard swings on the jaw,
but Hanlon fought him back and made
Terry clinch. A rapid exchange "of
blows was followed by Hanlon giving
McGovern a severe left uppercut to the
chin, which staggered McGovern. Mc-
Govern instantly recovered and sent
left and right to the face and repeated
the punches. They exchanged right
swings to the jaw as the bell rang.
McGovern came to the center of the
ring in the fourth round appearing a
little weak. Terry swung his left and
right to the jaw and then Hanlon
floored McGovern with a left swing to
the chin. McGovern took the count of
nine. He clinched when he got on his
feet and was nearly out. He made a
quick recovery, however, and rained
blows on Hanlon and soon had him on
the ropes. The Californian went down
from the effect of right and left swings
to the Jaw and as soon as he got up
Terry put him on the ropes, where he
hammered him into almost a helpless
condition. Hanlon's hands were down
and he was helpless. A terrific right
arm swing put him in a prostrate con
dition on the ropes and all but out. At
this point the police interfered and
stopped the contest.
+ — § *
of Xevr York, Boston's nearest oppo
nent. Boston finished the season with
a percentage of 617 and New York with
60H. Chicago secures third position, 31
points behind New York. Then comes
Cleveland with but eight points leas
than Chicago. Philadelphia is fifth
with a percentage of 536. Then comes
St. Louis with a standing of 428; De
troit 408. and Washington last with a
standing of but 252.
Ban Johnson, president of the Amer
ican League, to-night declared that this
Feason from a financial standpoint had
been the best in the history of the
league.
MORRIS PARK, N. Y., Oct. 10. — In
spite of forbidding looking tracks, the
racing was good, the finish in the
VTestchester handicap, the flfth race on
the card, being particularly close, and
while the judges awarded It to Collec
tor Jessup, there would have been no
objection from the crowd if Wotan had
re-ceived the decision. There were
many who criticized the confident
manner in which Travers rode Wotan,
his style being much like that dis
played by W. Davis a few days ago
when his mount, Ormonde's Right,
won on one of those "heart disease"
rides which Shaw and Fuller were
wont to display.
Others, however, thought that Trav
ers rode an admirable race, timing his
run to a nicety and probably expecting
to see Collector Jessup coming back.
SIcGinnis' colt was under the whip for
more than a quarter mile and Trav
ers probably thought that no ordinary
horse could survive such punishment.
The Westchester handicap won by Col
lector Jessup was worth $1760 to his
owner, who has won back both in
stakes and bets much more than the
gallant little colt originally cost. The
running of Leonidas was extremely
disappointing." It is possible that he
did not like the going.
x Lady Uncas had all her old speed
and Collector Jessup did not have her
beat until the last furlong.
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Geranium, 98 (W. Davis) 2 11 13
6 to 1— King Pepper, 99 (Travers) 6 2^21
10 to 1— Old England, 107 (Crlm) 9 4 h 3 M
Time. 1:14 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, T. C. McDowell's br. f. by Lazxarone-
Galllard II. Right and True, Ishlana, Bruns
wick. Astarita, Ascetic, Gansevoort, finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furjongs;
two-year-old maiden fillies; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 2— Myopia. 109 (Hllderbrand) 8 3 h 1 h
16 to 6 — Campo, 100 (Lyne) 1 2 h 2 y 2
S to 1— My Buela, 109 (Shaw).. 4 4 13%
Time, 1:06. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. H. B. Duryea's b. f. by Lissak-Souffle.
Bella Signora, Raiment, Lucy Young, Hya
cinth, Sun Ray, Ken. Revel, Mary M, Apple
Blossom, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Withers mile; for three-year
olds and ud: purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 20— Alan-a-Dale 112 (Lyne). 3 1 1^1 4
3 to 1 — Jocund. 107 (O'Neil) 2 2 2 2 H
12 to 1— Lady Rohesla. 104 (Hild) 4 3 1%3 4
Time, 1:41 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, F. C. McDowell's ch. h. by Halma-
Sadle McNalry. Adrlutha and Charter finished
as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
for maiden two-year colts; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
30tol — Oro. 112 (Redfern) 5 13 lh
4 to 5— Navajo. 112 (O'Neil) 2 2 % 2 V,
3 to 1 — Yeoman. 112 (Odom) 6 4 2 3 10
Time, 1:23 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, E. F. Johnscai'g br. c. by Hastlnga-
Donna Deoro. Cedarstrome, Kunjamack, Fra
Filllpe and Only One finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; The
Westchester Highwelght handicap; two-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Col. Jessnp. 120 (Odom) 2 2 1^1 h
3 to 1 — Wotan 95 (Travers)... 5 3 «i 2 4
30 to 1— New York, 9.1 (Sperling) 3 6 % 3 h
Time. 1:14 2-R. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. L. McGinnls' b. p. by Bel Demonio-
Crlmea. Lady Uncas, Leonldas, Castallan,
Adlos. Race King, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One and threo-Rixteenth
miles- handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
5 to 1— James F, 08 (Cochran). 16' 1 1 '
5 to 2— Africander. 121 (Odom). 4 6 % 2 3
16 to 5— Orm. Right. 112 (Lyne) 2 2 % 3 n
Time. 2:02 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. P. Gallagher's b. g. by Herald-Jennie
K. Major Daingerfleld, Proceeds, Palmbearer
finished as named.
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10. — Following
are the entries for to-morrow's races
at Morris Park:
First race, six and a half furlongs, maid
??J5~£ ann £ n Ba " 115> Un< » ua 112. Andaluslan
U?- I ?" n ,. Coni I? r8 n0 - P1 > a «r HO. Ballycastle
107. Walter Panoy 107, Little Johnson 107
BlUy Roche 107. Tide 107, Sungllnt 107. Panique
Id. Arietta 107, Roseben 107. Rudabek 107
Gansevoort 107. (Roseben and Rudabek, Drake
entry.)
Second race, about two miles, steeplechase
selling— Woolgath^rer 146. Kersey 143 Numeral
141. Eophone 1.1. Jim Slick 141. Conover 141
Gold Ray 13S. AVoden 138, Pagan Boy 137
Fpencer Reiff 135/ Benefit 130. Snuff 130 The
Ragged Cavalier 163.
Third race. Eclipse course, two-year-old maid
ens—Belligerent 112, Blucher 112 Oxford 112
Rossbourne 112. Brilliant 112, Cedaratrome 112*
D'Arkle 109. Critical 109, Ranger 107
Fourth race. ElipB* • course, the Rancho del
Paso handicap— Broadcloth 122, Pasadena 122
Sf d , OU L n ,™ 9 V V ? laday U8 ' B "ttling X09. Ami
b / !rJl . ack ,«i )9t Cairngorm 108, Heart's Desire 106.
Zeala 106. (Zeala and Cairngorm. Paget en^
Fifth race, Withers mile, selling— gals lOfl
Keynote 105, Courtmaid 106, Rightful 104*
Homestead 101, Andrew Mack 101, Akela 103*
Gluten 97. Brlarthorpe 97. Midshipman 97.
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles, over the
hill, handicap — First Mason 126. Eutrenia Rnmh
il?' "'^P^'lT 105, Carbuncfe 1S2 Ma
bel Richardson 100, Oetrich 100 Moon balav
87. (First Mason and Mabel Richardson, Rowe
entry.)
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
By th« New York Morning Telegraph.
First racej-YVater Pansy, Ballycas-
Second race— Conover, Eophone,
The Raptred Cavalier.
Third race— Blncher, Brilliant, Crit
ical.
Fourth race— Bedouin, Cairneorm
Heart's Desire. '
Fifth race— Glisten, Briarthorpe,
Midshipman.
Sixth race — Rowc's entry (First
Mason or Mabel Richardson), Ostrich
Carbuncle. '
Track good.
PATRICK CARROLJj NE^VR
DROWNING IX THE BAY
Falls From Boat and Is WIOi Difflcul
\ ty Saved by His Companion,
Albert* Ames.
Patrick Carroll and Albert Ames
about 6 o'clock last evening left Lom
bard wharf in a Whitehall boat, to en-
Joy a few hours* fishing on the bay.
Soon after getting away from the shel
ter of the dock the young men ran into
rough water, and aB neither under
stood handling the boat they found its
management a task beyond them. The
boat was almost overturned and Car
roll was thrown Into the water. The
current rapidly carried him away, and
Ames with the oars tried to pick him
up. Carroll kept afloat and Ames in
an awkward way stuck manfully to the
work of rescue.
Finally, when Carroll was sinking,
the boat was urged alongside and
Ames was able to catch and hold the
drowning man on the surface till he
(Ames) could collect himself. With a
great effort he pulled the helpless Car
roll Into the boat, almost filling lt with
water 1 as he did so. Ames succeeded
in getting , the boat ashore, and his
companion soon recovered from his
plunge and his close call from drown
ing. Carroll i» a laborer and • lives at
361% Seventh street. Ames, who is a
candy-maker, lives at 341 Stevenson
street.
MEMPHIS, Oct- 10.— Lou Dillon, the
world's champion trotting mare, own
ed by C. K. Billings, broke all workout
records for trotting horses to-day by
circling the course at the Memphis
Driving Park in 2:01%. Mlllard Saun
ders, her trainer, drove the mare. She
was paced by a runner driven by Doc
Tanner. The fractional time was:
Quarter, :30; half. 1:00; three-quarters,
1:29%; mile. 2:01%.
The former workout record of 2:02
was held by Lou Dillon and established
at Cleveland September 38 of this year.
No wind shield was used.
Young Corbett has been heard from.
He accuses Britt of being afraid to
meet him. Britt contends that he ts
only evening-up an old score on the
man from Denver.
The defeat of Eddie Hanlon by Terry
McGovern at Philadelphia last nlsht
about closes the career of one of the
most popular boxers California has
ever produced. Two knockouts in suc
cession show that Hanlon has lost hia
stamina, and the severe beatings he
received have had their effect. Han-
Ion's career as a fighter has been sen
sational. Starting as a mere youth he
gained his way to the front until he
came within an ace of defeating th<*
champion. His chief stock was bulldog
tenacity, and he won many battles
through it.
"Whether Jimmy Britt and Joe Gars
will fight this month is a question per
plexing the sporting world. There are
many obstacles in the way and they
may prevent the match. Manager Cof
froth has guaranteed the boxers that
he will pull the bout off in this city this
month. He haa not yet received the
peimlt, but he is sanguine enough of
getting It to post a forfeit. Thf-n an
other dark house is in the road. "Pana"
Britt, who is In the East, has been
heard to say that if his son «vf r agreed
to fight a colored man he would per
sonally see that the prizenght was
stopped.
Britt ia at his summer home In San
Mateo. He will leave that place in a
few days and take training quarters
at the Seal Rock House. Gans has not
made lightweight limit In several years.
Whether he can make the weight and
retain his strength is causing much
comment. His manager will select
training quarters where the climate is
warm, so that it will eliminate the
drudgery in getting to 133 pounds at
ringside.
Two well-known sporting men
wagered a few hundred dollars on the
contest. They bet at even money, which
indicates that the betting will be nearly
even.
Williams* Bad Throw in the
Seventh Inning* Spoils the
Chances of Griffith's Men
Was Paced by a Runner, but
No Wind Shield Was Used
in Setting the New Mark
Game Little Boxer Seems to
Have Gone the Limit and
May Be His Last Fight
I SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
selling; three-year-olds and up:
/Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Little Wally, 05 (Nlcol).. 9 4 3 11
4 to 1 — King's Court, 104 (Foley) 7 1 h 2 h
7 to 1 — Arab, U3 (Shaver) 11 2 5 3 2
Tlmv. 1:50. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner, W. T. Brinkworth's ch. g. (3) by Lamp
llghttr-Restless. Royal Pirate 90, Louisville
99, Jingler 104, Royal Arms 95, Barkelmore
107, Charterelle 99, Rabunta 99, Langford
James 90, Armorer 08. Jove 107, finished as
named.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— The big crowd
at Worth to-day was treated to an ex
citing finish in the Owners' handicap,
the feature event of the afternoon.
Prince Silverwings was favorite at 8
to 5, with King Ellsworth at 5 to 1.
The field got away in one of Starter
Murray's bad efforts, with Ethylene in
the lead and Prince Silverwings in
second position. They maintained this
position till well Into the stretch, where
the Prince forged ahead and appeared)
a winner up to the last stride. The
King got off badly, but improved his
position gradually and coming with a
tremendous rush in the stretch he won
by a neck. Nlcol rode three winners
and was second three times. The track
was fast, the weather clear and warm
and the attendance unusually large for
Monday. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three
y«ar-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
23 tc 5— Burning Glass, 112(Trub) 3 2 U 1 1
8 to 1— Tam O'Shanter.lOMNlcl) 15^2^
10 to 1— Federal, 110 (Mclntyre). 4 7 % 3 h
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner F. Midgley's b. g. (4) by Reyburn-Afflatus.
Benmora 106, Allbert 105, Marshalsea 110, Jim
Hale 110. Harney 113, Mary McCafterty 105,
Clausus 113, Tillo 110, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
throe-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5 — Marlln. 99 (McLaughlln). 7 12 14
15 to 1 — Miss Eon, 102 (Dlckson). 4 8 2n
5 to 1— Imboden. 97 (Austin) 2 4 2 3 1
Time, 1:50. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
H. M. Clvill's ch. g. (4) by Vlctory-Fleda B.
Feronia 95, Flyer 100, Drummond 99, Ath>na
102, St. Simonian 100, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
three- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Pretension, 97 (Mckghln) 3 2 2 12
9 to 2— Extol, 95 (S. Dlckson) ... 1 lh 'ill
10 to 1— Sam Craig. 103 (Lindsey) 2 4 3 3 3
Time, l:46Vi. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, P. M. Clvill's b. g. (3) by Oriflamb-Vani
ty. Anne Davis 99 also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap;
th-ie-ycar-olds a.id up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
16 to 1— F. Collins, 94 (Hennessy) 1 1 n 1 2
6 to 6— King Rose, 103 (Munro) . . 2 2 5 Z 3
5 to 1— Gay LJzzette, 106 (Chtam) 3 3 2 3 2
Time, 1:15*4. Start bad. Won easily. Winner,
Mrs. Anna Givens' br. g. (3) by Joe Norwood-
Lad/ Glyde. Mafalda 104, Malster 10S, fii:
ished i-.H named. r
THIRD RACE— One mile and twenty yards;
four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Sabot, 100 (Cheatam). ..11 4h 11
6 to 1— Mint Bed, 105 (Munro). . . 3 13 2 3
10 to 1 — Tribes, 100 (Dlckson)... 4 2h 3 nfi
Time, 1:44 Vj. Start good. Won going away.
Winner, A. Mollnelli's b. m. (4) by Halma-
Clatterfeet. Oudenanle 105, Tangible 100,
Blrdwood 105, Amorous 105, Jake Weber 103,
Hook-Se-Oka 100. Second Mate 103, Ray 105,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; thre«-year
olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Felix Mozzes, HO(Young) 5 1 T 1 4
4 to 1 — Tom Rowe, 107 (W.I>ug) 6 6 h 2 1)
15 to 1— Tender Crest, 100 (L.ind) 2 2 h 3 %
Time, 1:16. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. Bancban & Co.'a b. c. by St. Felix-
Annona. Tom Mankins 104, Lookaway 05.
Kiowa Chief 100, Sweet Note 104, Eseayer 95,
St. Paris 103, Turrando 104, l*Ay Charles 104,
Responsive 104, finished as named.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 10. — Frank Collins
easily beat the hot favorite, King
Rose, in to-day's feature race at Del
mar, ' and for his sudden reversal his
further entries here will be refused.
Owner Givens was fined $100 for run
ning his horse minus blinkers without
giving notice to the judges. The favor
ites had a good day. 'The weather was
char and the track good. Attendance,
3000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Piv« and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Violin, 100 (D.Austin).. 1 11^11%
8 to 1— Daw Staht, 105 (W.Inlfc) 2 8 2 2 IVi
6 to 1 — Eduardo, 103 (Young)... 6 5 2 3 1^
Time, 1:09%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, T. P. Hayes' br. f. by Charade-Viola
E. Gasconne 103, OUle/flBurnett 100, Mell
wood 103, Annabelle Vem 103, finished as
named.
23.01)0 PEOPLE AT GAME
San Francisco Lad Has Bet
ter of Go When He Loses
Head and Downfall Comes
FIGHT A TERRIFIC ONE
2:01 1 / 2 IS HEE TIME
IIANLOX LOSES STA3IIXA
Gallant Little Colt Is Under
Wiiip at the Finish and
Barely Wins Out.
Ownership of Flag Decided
in Warm Contest in Which
Gotham Team Is the Loser
STcGovem Has California
Boy Over Hopes in Fourth
lion ml and Police End Bout
Tnrf Queen liowers Workout
Kecord for Trotters on
the Course at Memphis
Fijrht Fans Doubt That Britt
and Cans Will Meet This
Jlonth Before Shasta Club
King Ellsworth Finishes First,
Beating Prince Silver
wings by. a Neck.
King Rose, a Hot Favorite, Is
Beaten by Frank Col
lins at Delmar.-
Collector Jessup Receives a Decision Over Wotan
In the Westchester "Handicap at Morris Park Track
BEAN EATERS
KEEP PENNANT
"TERRY" BEATS
EDDIE HANLON
MORE LAURELS
FOR LOU DILLON
FEAR EXITS
ABOUT CONTEST
BOSTON VANQUISHES NEW YORK AND RETAINS AMERICAN LEAGUE CHAMPIONSHIP
THE SAN FRAVCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1904
UKIAH, Oct. 10.— Owing to the
heavy. rain the race meet here has been
called off. The "Wlllits meet will also
probably, be indefinitely . postponed.
This is the first time that rain has ever
Interfered with October races in this
county.
Rain Stops Racing at Ukiah.
Charles Blonquist of the Tremont
House on Kearny street, while on his
way home at 12 o'clock last night, was
waylaid at Sacramento and Kearny
streets by two men, one of whom hit
him on the head with a club. He fell
to the pavement and the footpads
rifled his pockets of 54, then ran. Blon
quist reported the holdup to the Cen
tral station and Detectives C. "W.
Brown and McGrayan were detailed!
Beyond the fact that one man was tali
and the other short, Blonqulst could
*»ot Identify his assailants - .
Knocked Down and Robbed.
Cadwalader came from Pomona Col
lege, where he was in the preparatory
.department, and Colonel Edwards
based his protest on the clause of the
agreement between the two universi
ties, which states that ."no player com
ing from a college of standing shall
be eligible to any athletic team until
one year after his matriculation." This
rule was made to prevent the coast
universities from drafting Eastern
players. But in the 'past the rule has
been loosely interpreted, and if a
freshman came from a college where
he was merely registered in the prep
aratory department, he was allowed to
compete without question.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 10.
Colonel G. C. Edwards, chairman of
the athletic committee of the Univer
sity of California, haa withdrawn hia
protest against Cadwalader, the crack
halfback, punter and all-around play
er of the Stanford freshman team, and
ho. will be allowed to play in the inter
collegiate freshman game with Berke
ley on October 15, .as well as" contest
in other branches_of athletics during
the year. .
Protest Against Stanford Fresliman
Halfback Is Withdrawn by
Colonel Edwards'.
CADWALADER MAY PLiAY
IN INTERCOLLEGIATE GAME
6
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
Newport News, Va., July 22, 1903.
Last summer while recovering from ill-
ness of fever, I had a severe attack of •
Inflammatory Rheumatism in the knees,
from which I was unable to leave my
room for several months. I was treated
by two doctors and also tried different
kinds of linaments and medicines which
seemed to relieve me from pain for
awhile, but at the same time I was not
any nearer getting well. One day while
reading a paper I saw an advertisement
of S. S. S. for Rheumatism. I decided
to give it a trial, which I did at once.
After I had taken three bottles I felt a
great deal better, and I still continued
to take it regularly until I was. entirely
cured. I now feel better than for years,
and I cheerfully recommend S. S. S. to
any one suffering from Rheumatism.
613 32d St. Chas. E. Gilderslebve.
Rheumatism is caused by uric acid or
some other add poison in the blood,
which when deposited in the muscles
and joints, produce the sharp, cutting
pains and the stiffness and soreness pe-
culiar to this disease. S. S. S. goes di-
rectly into the circulation, all irrita-
ting . substances are neutralized and
filtered out of the system, the blood ia
made pure and the general health is
built up under the purifying and tonic
Sjt^± >S3?V en " ec t3° 1 thevege-
/p*i9 ep^a table remedy.
Ilk lla cial book on Rhen-
18^ b* 3^ 111 which is
\lk sent free. Ourphy-
- sicians will advise
ajar FVjfry who W M wnte us
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
¦flJ)VERTISEMEyT5. ....''
I "I FEEL GREAT!" !
© »r MeL^rWln^KlJ^nfLiM "S? Who **'* *** n tMr * i o«.n«v«ii debility by the •
ti «T'rW,h confident ln th.tneelvw .t ill. are now holdlrig O
S ?hU .« « %Ji A .„' h . l w * know: « J s e ttat P«rf»et itr«n«th 1b stored; that A
• T?7kiEiJ y^L LW^.^J"^*- ¦ nd b *" er "urn- any man of their lire. 2
• DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT e
J They oome "very day from everywhere. There i«n?t f Town'^ha^lVt tn the •
J cwntry which ha* not cure, by Dn. McLaujrhI!n> Electric Bflt nam " t ln the Q
V How, what does thU mean to yon. dear readert If you are not what you ourht O
• to b«. caa you ask any better proof to make you try it? I. there a^medy whTch A
2 _ I 5' t . e l roc(J for won >«n as for men. Worn whll« you «leep. it causes no troubla A
S STrtK be*ltT atl * > * lowlne heat troa !t «»««"«*• b «t no .ting, no buniinr. «s ,n %
A ., . to-dajr. *r **nd for my beautiful book, full of the thing* a man likes to read •
J If h" n-iru to be a etron* man. I senfl It sealed free. Cut out this ad. • A
5 Dp. MX. McLausrhlin, 6 .SjL r^L s^ •
%> Office Hours—? a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 to I. Not Sold In Drua; Stores. Q
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦<
MPBOLDT)
mm cigars *
P^lii " Stripped in Cuba. "
IHw§i means that the tobacco
6111111 has k een made ready
Ig&jJBSl for manufacture in Cu-
ipSBHi ba.underclimaticcon-
R#2gl||3 ditions only to befound
(|O|q in that country. It also
MSI«|S means that Cigars
mMSfM maa "e of such tobacco
|M|||| are identical with the
i|i|£||il best imported Cigars.
Wmm ALEXANDER
WSm HVMBOLDT
WMlm cigars .
M$gm ARE THIS KIND.
HfifrfglSs SOLO EVERYWHERE.
K&v^a An ¦•¦*¦• 1Oc# lip#
wp*&stti mich alit5chk e BR ° 5 * c °
jl£^&|gB 0 1ST Rib -J TORS-SAN FRANC I3CQ.CAI-
|S%?tt|» Bl/STILIO BROS & DIAZUnited States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of tht.
Superintendent. •
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Misslon-etreet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the "height
of tide Is the? same at both places.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 11.
Sunrises 6*14
Sun sets '6-39
Moon eets 7:40 p". m.
O iTime • ITime! Time Time
P | Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. Ft!
• |H W |L ,W| H W| [L W
U U05 5.1 6:17 1.9 12:32 5.7 7:05— o'2
12 2:00 4.8 7:02 2.4 1:15 5.5 8:00—0 1
13 3:00 4.6 7:60 2.9 2:02 5.3 8:58 00
14 4:05 .4. ft 8:50 3.1 2:67 6.0 959 02
15 5:11 4.6 10:00 3.2 3:59 1.6 11:00 04
16 1 6:15 4/5 11:20 3.2 6:17 4.5|... '..,
• NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive .tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tha
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights ' given are in
addition to the sounalngs of the United States
.Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from . the depth given by
the charts. 'The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower, low watora. \ - . . . •
JENKINS IS CONVICTED.— Walter Jenkins
was convicted by a Jury in Judge Cook's court
yesterday on a charge of assault with intent
to rob. He will be sentenced on . Thursday.
Young Sing and two other Chinese were en
their way. to Chinatown from the Oriental
Cafe. 13 Powell street, where they were em
ployed, about (> o'clock in the morning of July
17, when Jenkins came up to them in Union
square Park and ordered them to throw up
their hands. He made Young Sing take his
purse out of hla pocket and open it, but before
Jenkins could take the coin some one bletv a
police whistle and the robber ran away.
LOSES AT CRAPS AND LAW.— A. C Fred
erick dallied with fortune In a -crap game at
ban Jose last July, and when he left the social
and athletic club of which A. War then Is man
ager the latter held two checks for 1267 and
$7S which he had cashed for the player. , The
checks were drawn, by the Fresno Diamond
Company on the. Western National Bank. When
Warthen presented them for payment they
wens , protested. He j promptly brought ' suit
against . Frederick and the diamond company,
the result of which was a Judgment in his
favor yesterday by Judge Hubbard. .-Freder
ick's answer to th« suit was that Warthen was
engaged In gambling, contrary to . law; and
that he had won the money.
ASKS FOR BEQUEST.— Emma U Merrltt,
daughter of the late Adplpb, Sutro, has peti
tioned for. the distribution to her of the $10 000
bequeathed to her in her father's . will and
which was • to- be paid from the, first moneys
received 'by-- tie . estate.
¦ DA S1LVA TO BE TRIED.— United States
District Judge de Haven yesterday overruled
the demurrers presented by S. M. Shortridge
and .Thomas. C. West to the Indictments
agalnst-Lee Toy and Hlppolyttus Desola Atna
dor Eca da Sllva, charging them with'Im
porting Chinese Into this country illegally.
Their case will be set for trial some time this
week. " ' . 7.-- =rX'
CONTRACTOR SUED. — Suit was begun yes
terday In the United States Circuit Court on
the relation of W. W. Montague & Co. against
Rudolf Axman and the American Surety Com
pany of . New York to recover • $5476 ¦ balance
alleged to be duet Montague A Co. for an Iron
pipe casing used by Axman In blasting out
Arch rock and Shag rocks. Nos. 1 and 2.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY. — Petitions
in insolvency were filed In the United States
I>lstrlct Court yesterday as follows; Gustav
Meier. painter, San Francisco, liabilities $1355.
assets $167; Albion H. Morse, merchant. Val
lejo. liabilities $5865. no assets; John Arthur
Dallas, laborer, Hlckman, liabilities $2303, no
assets.
The ateamer Alameda sailed on Saturday
for Honolulu with a general merchandise
cargo, valued at $144,547. The leading ex
ports Tvere as follows: 201 bbls flour, 2481
pkgs fresh fruit*. 16S pkgs fresh vegetables.
1490 pkgfl potatoes, 449 pkgs onions. 47,590
lbs ma!t, 8096 lbs hops. 197 pkgs table prepara
tions, 13U3 cs assorted canned goods, 8274 lbs
butter, (34.1 lbs 4 cs cheese. 118 cs-eggs, SO cs
155 pkgs salmon, 2.t92 lbs tea. 12,020 lbs beans,
14.028 lbs dried flsh. 32.or.iJ lbs shrimp shells.
723 lbs peas, 1U.779 lbs 3 cs br?ad, 15.080 lbs
codfish. 11,030 lbs 4 cs ham and bacon. 14,457
lbs svsar. 2MX> lbs meals, 6*29 ctls barley, 6
ctU wheat. 1S.018 lbs middlings, 100 bales hay,
2630 lbs fresh meat, 1947 lbs dressed poultry,
4.".5 Iba fresh fish, 47G9 lbs 8 cs candy. 1037 lbs
glucose, 188 pkgs groceries and provisions.
3150 gals 3 cs wine, (i cs champagne, 25 gals
C cs rum. SO cals brandy, 540 gals 47 cs
T7hisky 25 casks beer, 4 cs mineral water,
77P gals liquors, 690 gals 6 cs spirits. 1W.200
Iba rice. SO cs frozen oysters. 4800 lbs salt.
IS cs dyrup, 15 pkgs paste, 15,170 lbs lard, 12
c* grape Juice, 2520 lbs ¦ coffee, 1330 lbs 10
pkKs raisins. 2C25 lbs dried fruit, 23 pkgs
olives 7 cs preserved cherries, 73 cs salad oil.
182 pkgs dry goods. 12 rs hats and caps, 136
cs boot* and eho*s, 50 bdls wire. M pkgs elec
trical rupplles. &0 cs palnU, 30 pkgs leather,
83 pkgs machinery. 16 pkgs automobile parU,
SOS \)*£ soap. 153 bdls 10 bars Irqn. 60,pkgs
millwurk. 30 pkgs sewing machine*. 6 cs arms
and ammunition, 41 bbls 37 cs oils. 6704 lbs
«
The Alameda's Cargo.
The steamer Queen railed on Friday for Vic
toria with an assorted cargo, valued at $21,865
and Including the following:
861 pkg* fresh fruits, hb pkgs fresh vegeta
bles. 16,507 lbs dried fruit, &350 lbs raisins.
fiO.160 Iba malt. 543 lbs spices, 613 lbs dried
fish, 23r>0 lbs chocolate, 144 cs canned goods.
21 pkgs groceries and provisions, 490 lbs cof
fee, 75 cs champagne, 2S2 gals. win*. 301,034
lbs plgr lead, C96 ft hardwood, 4500 lbs as
phalttfm. 58 rolls rooflng material, 20 rolls
paper. 12 cs arms and ammunition, S pkgs
add. T bdls 42 pes eteel. 2 bdls 25 pes bollor
tubes, 3 cs paints, 0 pkgs nails, 14,470 lbs
sheet lead. 679 lbs leaf tobacco, G pkgs sewing
machines, B pkgs plumbing material.
Exports by the Queen.
The Danish bark Slxtus was cleared yester
day for Liverpool. England, with 19,780 cs
canned fruit, 66.638 cs canned salmon. 20,851
lbs beans. 18.&21 lbs cascara bark, 234,070 lbs
orchllla. 90 cs honey. 4 cs wine and 21 pkgs
household goods, valued at $306,119.
The vessel also carried 3S1.570 lbs aspha.lt
um. valued at $4000, consigned to Hamburg,
Germany.
General Cargo for England.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., Oct. 10.
From developments to-day it would
appear that Captain A. C. Smith .of
the barkentine Northwest, whose mys
terious disappearance has been th»
topic of conversation here for a week. Is
still in the land of the living and not
murdered as supposed. Second Mate
Stevens, who is now in cpmmand of
the vessel, stated to-day that the cap
tain had had trouble with his owner*
and had also received a letter from hia
wife, saying she had left San Fran
cisco for Michigan, her former home.
It is now learned that when Smith left
the ship he took with him all his be-,
longings and it is very likely that hq
has g'one to Michigan to Join hia wife.
It Is Now Said That Captain Smith
of Barkentlne Rath Is on Way
to Michigan.
IJGHT ON DISAPPEARANCE
OF COASTING SKIPPER
Coroner Leland held an inquest yes
terday upon the body of Ida Allsop, a
14-year-old girl. Ida died in this
city on SeDtember 6 from injuries re
ceived in an accident at Tacoma
while "looping the loop" inside a hol
low sphere.
Mrs. M. Allsop of 217 Harriet
street, mother of the girl, testified that
she had leased her daughter to J.
Collins for a season of six weeks in
ucrobatic performances. The mother
was to receive $£ for each perform
ance, but Collins had not paid her
anything. She had been informed
that the accident . happened at the
Mardi-gras grounds in Tacoma
through neglect of the men whose
duty it was to catch in a net the
sphere containing the child after the
performance of the loop. The sphere
missed the net and fell about ten
feet, jarring the girl's spine.
As no direct evidence was presented
the jury were unable to fix the re
sponsibility for the death.
Coroner's Jury Unable to Fix Respon
sibility for Death of Fourtecn-
Ycar-OId Ida Allsop.
MOTHER LEASES HER
DAUGHTER TO SHOWMAN
NEWS OF THE OCEAN*.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The barkentlne Coronado returns to Hono
lulu with general cargo.
Deputy Sheriff Jesse Galland yes
terday served a writ of possession on
ex-County Clerk Bert Mahony at his
residence, 2512 Market street. The
writ was served at the instance of
Mary A. McNeill. owner of the house,
who has recovered judgment against
Mahony for $237 for back rent and
costs of suit.
When Galland arrived. at the house
the curtains were down and no one
responded to the door bell. Galland
then served written notice on Mahony
to vacate the premises by noon to-day
under pain of ejectment.
Deputy Sheriff Serves Writ of Pos
session at the Instance of For
mer Official's Landlady.
Th« ship Fort George arrived yesterday, 24
days from Ililo, with 27,266 bags of sugar, and
the bark R. P. Rithet, 25 days from Hono
lulu, with 36,239 bags of sugar.
The fishing tug Alexander Volta, owned by
Palladlna* has been purchased by the Pacliio
Mail Steamship Company and will be idkm
to the Central American coast, where the will
be used for towing in the different po;U.
Water Front .Notes.
The British ship Clan Graham arrived in
port yesterday ,' from Newcastle. Australia,
with 3261 tons of coal. Captain Mclntyre re
ports that October 5 one of the ship's crew
named Aldrel I>ake fell from the upper main
topgallant yard. He etruck the deck and hie
leg was badly crushed. The Injured man was
taken to the hospital.
Fell From Aloft.
School Directors Boyle and Altmann
of the Board of Education made a
joint visit to the cosmopolitan schools
yesterday afternoon, and as a result
of their visit will recommend that a
separate class be started for the in
struction of crown Italian children
who are not able to speak English.
The law provides that scholars in
the first grade primary may only stay
in that grade a year. This places at
a disadvantage many Italian children
who come to this country at the age
of nine or ten and enter the primary
grades with American children of five
or six years of age. A proposition will
also be submitted to the board to al
low children to remain a year and a
half in the first primary grade if
necessary. In some of the schools
fully 90 per cent of the pupils are of
Italian parentage.
EX-COUNTY CLERK MAHONY
MUST VACATE RESIDENCE
Directors Boyle and Altman Inquire
Into Conditions Governing Non-
Engiish Speaking Pnpils.
Professor Stephens finished his
course last year with the close of tha
French Revolution. Last night he be
gan where he had left off and dwelt
upon the dawn of the Napoleonic era
and the early life of Napoleon as tho
First Consul. His lecture was in a
way preliminary and at his next ad
dress he will launch forth into the ca
reer of "the man of destiny."
Professor Stephens, who holds th»
chair of history at the University of
California, has been preparing for
this course during the entire summer.
He is in charge of the university ex
tension work and these lectures will
be exhaustive and will conclude with.
Waterloo.
The art gallery of Mechanics' Pa
vilion was crowded last night by an
audience that came to hear Professor
H. Morse Stephens lecture on Napoj
leon and the Napoleonic era. Tha
first of a series of twelve lectures that
Professor Stephens will deliver was
in every respect a success. The series
will extend over several months, two
lectures a month until the entire
course of twelve is finished.
Begins First of a Course of Twelve
Addresses on Napoleon Before
Large Audience.
VISIT THE SCHOOLS ".
OF ITALIAN QUARTER
PROFESSOR STEPHENS
LECTURES AT PAVILIOX
A change took place in the list of overdue
I vessels yesterday. Two arrived tardily, and
• a new name was added to the number of dc
i lays. The Russian ship Dorothea has arrived
.at Falmouth and the British bark Shakespeare
i came into Barbadoes. The new overdue is the
German ship Serene, from 'Liverpool to Val
paraiso. She Is out 1S3 days, and the rein
miranco is 10 per cent. The other vessels are
the schooner Advance, 68 days from Mississ
ippi to Venezuela, 35 per cent, and the uhlp
Gaetano Casabona, from Sidney to Table Bay,
out 110 days, S per cent.
Change in the Overdues.
A bazaar was opened last nigHt at
Bethlehem Congregational Church,
Vermont and Twenty-fourth Streets,
the object being to raise funds for
paving streets in the vicinity of the
church. The bazaar will continue un
til next Saturday evening.
There are seven handsomely deco
rated booths. The fancy booth is in
charge of Mrs. William Jamison, Mrs.
I. Leslie and Miss Alice Ayhens; flow
er booth, Mrs. Mary Burbank and
Miss Eva Madden; home comfort
booth, Mrs. W. R. Walker, Mrs. Neil
Walters and Mrs. George Dawson;
novelty b'ooth. Misses Eva Davis, Nel
lie Farrell and Frances Leslie; candy
booth, Miss Anna Gardner and Miss
Leona Ayhens; coffee and ice cream
booths, Misses Florence Stewart, Flor
ence Anderson, Mrs. L. Seibert, Mrs.
G. Anderson, Mrs. J. B. Wilson and
Mrs. J. R. Fiddes.
The Rev. J. A. Hollars, the pastor
in opening the bazaar congratulated
the ladies in charge upon the big at
tendance and the good prospects for
the week.
Ladies of Bethlehem Congregational
Church Preside Over Very Pret
tily Decorated Booths.
INTERESTING BAZAAR
OPENS AUSPICIOUSLY
The nurses of the alumni of the San
Francisco Training School of the city
and county of San Francisco hospital
held a meeting yesterday at 316 Van
N'ess avenue. Miss L. A. Craighan,
president, was chairman. The prin
cipal topic was the agitation of the
question of how to get the hospital
away from political control. The sec
retary was ordered to write to the
principal hospitals in the Eastern
cities for advice upon this .subject.
Nurses Hold 3Ieetinx.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Du*.
Sequoia Willapa Harbor '. Oct. 11
San Pedro Huraboldt Oct. 11
G. Lindauer..! Grays Harbor Oct. 11
S.Monica I gan Pedro Oct. 11
Coronado j Grays Harbor Oct. 11
Pomona Humboldt Oct. It
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. Oct. 11
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria. ... Oct. 11
Bonita • Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 11
Redondo Portland & Astoria... . Oct. 11
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 12
liarlposa Tahiti Oct. 12
Chas. N/lson. Seattle Be Tacoma Oct. 12
Wyefleld Oyster Harbor Oct. 12
Homer Humboldt l Oct. 13
Iaqua ! San Pedro Oct. 13
Eureka j Humboldt Oct. 13
Umatllla j Puget Sound Ports ....Oct. 13
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Oct. 13
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 13
China China & Japan Oct. 13
Corona Humboldt Oct. 14
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. . Oct. 14
Elizabeth Coqullle River Oct. 14
City Peking.. New York via Ancon. Oct. 15
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 15
Centralia Grays Harbor Oct. 15
Nicarla Seattle Oct. 10
Argo Eel River Ports Oct. 15
Arcata Coos Bay& Pt. Orford Oct. 16
G. W Elder. . Portland & Astoria. . . . Oct. 16
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Oct. 16
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 16
Ammon Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 17
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 17
State of Cal.. San DIesro & Way Pts. Oct 17
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Oct. 17
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct 18
Quetn Puget Sound Ports.. .. Oct! 1«
San Jose New York via Ancon.. Oct. 19
Aurella Portland & Astoria Oct. 10
TO SAIL. '
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 11.
6. Monica.. Grays Harbor... i.. 4 pm Pier 2
Chlco Coqullle River .... 1 pm Pier 2
Are " ta Coos B. & Pt Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
Argo Eel River -Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Breakwater) Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
j October 13.
Arctic...... Humboldt 9 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 0
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. j 5 pm Pier 20
October 13. I
Iaqua Astoria & Portland 10 am Pier t
Redondo... Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Pan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Mongolia... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
October 14.
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia Willapa Harbor 12 m Pier 20
no:ilta..... Newport & Way... » am Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Columbia... Astoria A Portland IX am Pier 24
San Pedro. . Humboldt 12 mlPler 2
Homer Los Angeles Ports. 9 am|Pier 2
; October 15. |
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 amlPler 13
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pmiPler 2
Newport... N. y.* via Ancon. 12 ml Pier 40
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. |10 am I Pier 10
October 16. I
Corona Humboldt ll:30DlPler 9
S. Roja.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 5 pm Pier 20
October 17. I
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
October 18.
Rainier.... Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm pi er 10
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 19.
Amer. Maru China & Japan 1 pm p| er 40
G. W. Eider Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 20.
Ventura Sydney * Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Mariposa... Tahiti direct ....11 am Pier 7
Nicarla.... Hamburg & Way.. 12 mlPler 20
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. JOct. 12
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Porta. Oct. 13
City Seattle. . Skaswsy ft Way Porn.lOct 14
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. |Oct' IB
Santa Ana... | Seldovla &. Way Ports Oct.' 16
Every vessel that gets up from the Horn
tells of rough weather and high rolling seas
around that tempestuous point. The Dig
steamer California, which recently arrived here,
logged seven days of fierce warfare with a
Cape Horn etorm, and the British ship Strath
don. Caotaln Patterson, which came In yes
terday. 134 days from Swansea, encountered
the same gale, and for a week fought her way
through and out of the stormy zone. The
French bark La Pelier. which arrived in port
148 days from Hamburg, brings the same re
port of h^avy weather at the Horn. The
Strathdon spoke the French Madeline October
3. bound for San Francisco. Near the Horn
the La Pelier saw a strange ship with main
yard gone and other indications of hard
weather In damaged rigging. The name of
the vessel could not be learned, but the sig
nal letters she displayed were J W K B.
Rough Weather at Horn.
Besides H. E. Floyd and Amon G.
Carter, whose diamond studs were
stoien by J. W. Thornton, alias George
Wilson, the Eastern pickpocket, D. W.
Baylor, proprietor of a restaurant at
£0 O'Farrell street, comes forward as
another victim. He identified Thorn
ton yesterday as the man who stole
his diamond rtud, valued at $350.
That makes three charges of grand
larceny against Thornton. It was
about the some time that Joseph Har
vey's diamond stud was stolen and
Saylor believes that Thornton was the
thief. Harvey's stud was returned for
a consideration. An application for
a writ of habeas corpus for Thornton's
release was denied by Judge Lawlor
yesterday morning.
Thornton Has Many Victims.
Captain Davison of the British ship Alice A.
Letch is making strenuous efforts to get to sea
and down to Newcastle fcr a load of coal, but
so far a malignant little cherub sitting up
aloft won't let him out of this harbor. Several
days ago his anchors down In the bay got afoul
of each other and he could not unmoor ship.
Yesterday, the mudhooks at last clear, he made
preparations for another start. This time it
was the members of the new crew that fouled.
About half of the men are A. B.'s and of
course know the rude touch of a marlin spike
from the soft cares* of a kid glove, and the
rest know more about sawmills and broncos
than of a reef-tackle. The '•farmers'* con
cluded that the princely and luxurious life of
the jwllor as pictured by the water front board
ing-house runners was too rich for their sim
ple tastes and decided to go ashore and home.
The able-bodied portion of the crew, who know
that such Inexperienced shipmates make double
work for the experienced, abetted the spirit of
desertion by threatening to break the rustic
heads the moment they all got to sea. If not
before. So insubordination is rampant on board
the Alice A. Leigh and she cannot get away
lor Newcastle.
Alice In Troiibleland.
52 cs manufactured tobacco, 135 pkgs drugs
and sundries, 747 bdls paper. 72 cs structural
steel. ll,30."> lbs sulphur, 106.000 lbs cement,
9 rkgs locomotive parts, 41 bdls 87 pes steel.
200 oars. 20 bbls pitch, 24 bales paper bags,
208,315 lbs fertilizer.
Movements of Steamers.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Oct. 10—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day
from Eastern stations:
Boston DS-oOiN'ew York 64-56
Chicago 78-GS: Philadelphia 72-66
Cincinnati 84-i;8| Pittsburg 78-66
Jacksonville 80-01' St. Louis ..84-70
New Orleans 80-72iWashlngton 76-56
SAN FRANCISCO 70-62
COAST RECORD.
S a k "o » y
§ 55 SE a? «¦ I
3 Sg 33 -as S*«
STATIONS. * •*! *| gg f~ E
: e c : : 8
: • ? ? : : :
Baker 20.02 58 46 BE Cloudy .00
Carson 29. SS 04 42 SW Cloudy .01
Eureka C8
Fresno 29.92 76 56 SE Pt.Cldy .00
S.E. Farallon.29.88 62 : . S Cloudy Tr.
Flagstaff :;t>.04 58 26 E Clear .00
Pocatello 30.08 62 42 SE Clear Tr.
Independence .29.0(5 t;s 4<> SE Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles. .2!».{m) 7U 58 SW Clear .08
Mt Tamalpais.20.!>0 56 .. SE Rain .04
North Head 54 02
Phoenix 2!t.S<> 86 52 W Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt..2f>.62 61 . . S Rain Tr.
Portland 29.02 62 54 SE Rain .36
Red Bluff 29.84 OS 58 SE Cloudy .22
Rosebuix SO.tiO 74 48 N\V Rain .86
Facrann>nto ..20.90 72 0ft S Cloudy .12
Salt Lake 3l>.0tt Otf 40 is Clear .00
San Francisco. 2it.!>2 70 H2 S Cloudy .02
San I/. Oblspo.29.9d 7« 5S 'W Clear .08
San Diego 2!t.94 72 60 NW Clear .00
Seattle 2st.(J0 «4 4« SE Cloudy '.2C
Spokane 2O.S<5 66 42 EE Rain Tr.
Tatoosh 2U. 50 T.S 50 S Rain .20
Walla Walla.. 2!t. 74 74 4« BE Cloudy .02
Winnemucca .20.96 Uti 38 S Cloudy .04
Yu:na 29.8S SO 54 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm Is central off the Washington
coast to-night and moving rapidly southeast
ward. Cloudy weather prevails from Fresno
northward and eastward to the Rocky Moun
tain:?. Fair weather prevails In Southern Cali
fornia and Arizona. Light rain has fallen
lrom Central California north.
Reports from Eureka are miffing.
High- southeast winds are reported from
Cape Mendoclno north.
The temperature has risen over th» plateau
region. *
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 11:
¦ Northern California — Rain Tuesday; brisk to
high southeast wind.
Southern California — Showers Tuesday: fresh
southwest wind.
Nevada — Showers Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Rain Tuesday;
high southeast wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Showers Tuesday;
light scuthwefct wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Ra{n Tuesday;
high southerly wind.
Fresno and vicinity — Showers Tuesday.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster,
Temporarily in Charge.
The witness made several efforts, and
finally the agent told him he would
fix the ticket so that if he wanted to
go to St. Louis the ticket would be
handed to the conductor when he got
on the train. "I declined to be sent
that way." said Holzhausen. Mr.
Shortridge accompanied him to the
office on one occasion, and the agent
again declined to validate the paste
board. * , _ t
L. F. Beyreiss, the validating official,
was called and testified that he had
refused to validate the ticket as stated,
except under the condition that Holz
hausen should first board the train and
the ticket should be handed to the con-,
ductor.
A further hearing of the contempt
proceedings against Ticket Broker T.
A. Rigdon was had yesterday morn
ing in Judge Murasky's department,
and the Judge announced that he
woufd decide to-morrow as to the ad
missibility of the Chicago affidavits
as evidence tending to relieve Rigdon
from responsibility in the transaction
relating to the Smith ticket. Attorney
Shortridge said that if the affladvlts
were not admitted he would take depo
sitions of the Chicago witnesses.
Three witnesses were put on the
stand by Mr. Shortridge yesterday for
the purpose of proving that the railroad
companies depart from the printed re
strictions on their tickets, and that
their own agents advise purchasers to
sell the unused portions of tickets to
other persons. Attorney Foshay Wal
ker objected to all of the questioning
on this line. /
John Webber testified that on August
27, at Chicago, he went to the Chicago
and Northwesetrn office to buy tickets
to San Francisco. He told the agent
that he thought he would wait until
the middle of September and take ad
vantage of the cheap excursion rates;
The agent, he says, urged him to buy
the excursion tickets then and told
him that he could sell the return por
tions here. In order that it might
not be difficult to counterfeit his name,
he was advised, he said, to sign "J.
Webb," which he did. He also signed
for his wife and son. Mr. Walker here
admitted that it was 'the common prac
tice for members of families to sign
for others in a family for whom tick
ets were bought. Thereupon Mr.
Shortridge declared that the Smith
ticket was signed in Chicago by some
one authorized by Smith's sister to
sign his name.
Rudolph Holzhausen of St. Louis had
a similar experience. He went to the
Burlington office at St. Louis, intend
ing to buy a one-way ticket to San
Francisco. The agent induced him to
buy a round-trip excursion ticket, tell
ing him that It would be easv to dis
pose of the return portion here. Holz
hausen signed the ticket "R. Holz." He
decided to return to St. Louis and took
the ticket to the Southern Pacific office
at New Montgomery street to have it
validated, but the agent refused to val
idate it, giving as his excuse that he
believed Holzhausen was going to sell
It to a broker.
• VALPARAISO— Sailed Oct 9— Ger stmr
Menep, for San Francisco.
Sailed Oct 4— Ger stmr Hermonthts. for
Hamburg. . ,
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 7— Br stmr Tar
tar, from Victoria; Oct 5 — Ger atmr Albenga,
from New York.
BRISBANE— Sailed Oct 5 — Br stmr Miowera.
for Vancouver.
CALCUTTA — Sailed Sept 16 — Br ship Fort
Carlisle, for west coast of South America
CALLAO— Sailed Aug 17— Br ship Ancona,
for Vancouver. . .
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Sept 20— Ger stmr
Pentaur. for Hamburg.
LADYSMITH— Sailed Oct 9— Br etm r Wye
field, for San Francisco. \
SAN BLAS— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr City of Pe
king, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Sept 1— Nor
ship Nordstjernen, for Acapulco. Sept 2 Chll
bktn Andromeda, for San Francisco Sept 13—
Br ship Belford. for San Francisco
In port Sept 19— Fr bark Ca^irobert -for San
Francisco: Ger bark -Fuerst Bismarck for
Guaymas; Fr bark Marechai 'de Vllllers for
San Francisco: Fr bark Max, for San Fran
cisco.
Chartered to load — Schr Ariel bktn Adden
da, schr E B Jackson, ship Emily Reed schr
F II Slade, bktn Koko Head, bktn TP
Emigh and schr Watson A WcBt. for Honolulu;
Fr bark Bossuet. Fr bark Canrobcrt Fr bark
Gael ship Henry Falling, Fr bark ' Marechal
de Villlers and bark St James, for San Fran
cisco.
HOBART— Sailed Sept 9— Fr ship Jules
Gommea. for Oregon.
BARBADOES — Arrived Oct • 10— >-Br •' bark
Shakespeare from west coast. •
FALMOUTH— Arrived Oct 10— Russ ehlD
Dorothea, from Halnelin. •
' OCEAN STEAMERS.'
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 1<K-Stmr f Meno
mlnee. from London.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Nebras
kan. from Philadelphia..
FOREIGN PORTS.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Oct &— Ship 8t
Paul, from Alaska,
Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Shasta, for 8an Fran
cisco.
Sailed Oct 10 — Stmr Rainier, for San Fran-
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 9— Stm r Chaa Nelson,
for San Francisco. ¦ ¦""•'
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 9— Schr Susie M
Plummer. from Port Blakeley; bktn J M Grif.
flth. from Port Hadlock; schr F S Redfleld. fm
Seattle; gchr Lucy, from Umpqua River; stmr
Bontta, hence Oct 6; schr Sadie, from Umpqua
River; stmr Francis H Leggett. hence- Oct 7.
Sailed Oct 9 — Stmr Bonita, for San Fran
cisco and way ports; schr R C Slade. for Grays
Harbor.
Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Iaqua, hence Oct 7.
Balled Oct 10— Schr R C Slade. for Grays
Harbor; stmr Samoa, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Asuncion,
hence Oct 8. and sailed for Ventura; bktn
Mary Wlnkelman, for Grays Harbor.
COOS BAY — Arrived Oct 9— Schr Volunteer,
from Kan Pedro; Bchr Novelty, from San Diego.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Alliance,
hence Oct 6 via Eureka and Coos Bay.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 9— Schr Geo
W Watson, from San Pedro, and not Srpt 22,
as previously reported.
Arrived Oct 9 — Schr Defiance, hence 8ept 2S.
Arrived Oct 10 — Stmr Grace Dollar hence
Oct 7. •
Sailed Oct 9 — Schr San Buenaventura, for
San Francisco; stmr Santa Barbara for San
Pedro.
WE8TPORT— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Navar
ro. hence Oct 9.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Oct 10— Schr
Robert Lewers, from Honolulu.
KLAWAK— Arrived Sept 24— Schr Salvator,
from San Pedro: to sail Sept 30 for San Fran
cisco.
SANTA - BARBARA— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San Diego; stmr Bonita for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 10— Russ
6hlp Glenard, hence Sept 26.
Arrived Oct 10 — Schr Robert Lewers from
Honolulu.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Oct 10— Schr
Okanogan. from Port Gamble.
BANDON— Arrived Oct lfr-Stmr Elizabeth
hence Oct S.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 10 — Schr Caroline,
from San Pedro.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 10— Scbr - G W
Watson, from San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 10— Ship J B
Thomas, for Sydney.
EASTERN PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
Per Br bark Strathdon — July 17, lat 34 23
S, long 48 13 W, Fr ship Madeline, from
Shields for San Francisco.
Oct 9 — Lat 35 N, long 75 W. ship Edward
Bewail, from Honolulu for New York.
Per Ft bark Le Peller, from Hamburg. Oct
9 — Off Cape Horn. Aug 3, «aw Ger bark Anti
gone, from Hamburg for Mazatlan. and Fr
ship Francois d'Ambolse. from Hamburg for
Santa Rosalia. Aug 2— Lat 5S S3 S. long 68 50
W, Fr bark Reine Blanche, from Shields for
Valparaiso (6lnce arrived). July 2— Lat 16 49
S. long 37 68 W. Br ship Calthnessahlre. from
Antwerp for Manzanillo.
Pe r Br bark Inverclyde— Aug 27. lat 1 84 44
S, long 176 44 W, Br bark Lady Doris, from,
Newcastle. Aus. for San Francisco.
Kept 18 — 15 miles ENE of Sydney Head, bark
Emily Reed, from Port Hadlock for Port Plrie.
SPOKEN,
POINT LOB0S — Oct 10. 3 p m — Weather
cloudy; wind S; velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC,
SAILED.
Monday, October 10.
Stmr Gipsy Leland, 8anta Crua.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson. Port Rogers.
Stmr Maggie, Eagles, Half moon Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay, Johnson, San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka. Jegsen, Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Glelow. Eureka.
Stmr Mandalay, Smith. Eureka,
Stmr Chehalls. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Norwood, Thompson, Seattle.
Stmr National City. Hammar. Fort Bragg.
Bktn Gleaner. Schmehl. Grays Harbor.
Schr 'Albion, Olsen, Slusl&tr River.
Schr Robert Seaxles, Piltz. Orays Harbor,
Schr .Ida A. Campbell. Point Reyea.
Schr Marion. Topfer, Grays Harbor.
Schr Compeer, Lapping. Grays Harbor.
Monday, October 10.
Stmr Corona. Glelow. Eureka; Pac Coast 3
S Co
Dan bark Slxtus. Erickson, Liverpool; Bal
four, Guthrie & Co.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 0.
Stmr Arctic Nelson. 30 hour* from Eureka.
Monday, October 10.
Stmr Ventura. Hayward. 20 days 20 hours
¦H min from Sydney, via Auckland 17 days 5
houw 31 mln. via P.ro Pago 12 day. IShoum
B9 mln via Honolulu 6 days 22 hours 28 mln.
Stmr' F A Kllburn. Thompson, 7 hours from
°Stmr °ChehaHs, Johnson, 30 hours from San
Pe gtmr James S Higglns. Hlggins, 3fl hour*
r sTmr a CentennlaI. Klltgaard, 89 hours from
f e stmr* Brunswick, Ellefsen. 18 hours from
°Stmr r San Mateo, Ross, 102 hour* from Ta
coma. Oakland direct. » ¦
Stmr State of California. Thomas, 42 hours
from San Diego and . way ports.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 5 hours from Amesport.
Nor stmr Titanla. Foyn, 106 hours from
Comox, B C. _ ' _„
Ship Fort George. Gove. 24 days from Hllo.
Br ship Clan Graham. Mclntyra, 01 days
from Newcastle. Aus.
Br ship County of Inverness. Grar. 63 days
from Newcastle. Aus. „_"
Bark R P Rithet. McPhall, 28 days from
Honolulu
SHIPPING INTELLIGEN'CE.
Defense Tries to Show That
Eailroads JThemselves De
part From Printed Rules
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. ; San Francisco. Cal..
October 10. 190*.
' The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
8 D ''m Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
From Honolulu — Mr. and Mrs. de Veer, J.
Huid. A. G. Marrlan, A. Sinclair. F. H.
Churchhoure. C. 1>. Lufkin. E. C. Lawton. J.
F. ilaufmann. Mr. and Mrs. P. C. BuezoII,
K. S. GJerdrum C. Windsor, Mr. and Mrs.
Ilusrell, F. W. Grimwood, Mr. and Mrs. H. H.
Jar-.es. P. J. O'Connell and wife. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Colquhon and two children. Mr. and
Mr*. Whltehouse and maid. Mr. and Mrs.
Flurchetne and two children. Mr. and Mrs. C.
L. GUmore and child, Mr. and Mrs. Levy and
two daughters.
The Oceanic liner Ventura, Captain
H. M. Hayward, arrived yesterday
from Sydney, Auckland, Samoa and
Honolulu. She sailed from Sydney Sep
tember 19. She brings a large cargo
and a full passenger list. In her treas
ure room are cases of sovereigns val
ued at £105,000 and other coin valued
at $2000. The voyage was a pleasant
o-ne, with smooth sailing the entire dis
tance. D. O. Ramsey, Oceanic Steam
ship passenger agent in Sydney, is vis
iting this country on business. Mr. and
Mrs. A. M. Miller, Miss Maud Uobson
and several other theatrical people are
returning to the United States after a
tour of the colonies. There are twelve
whites and forty-two Japanese in the
steerage. The following are the cabin
passengers.
From the Colonies— Mr. and Mrs. J. Wilson,
R. S. L. Morris, Mons. and Mme. H. Jouve.
Mme. 3. S. Loum«>sn<?. A. T. Jaffger, Miss M.
A. Brown, Mits D. Hridson. Miss L.- Hiley.
Thomas Miller. MIps Chapman, J. Bourke. It.
A. H. Gray, Mi*s E. Hennett-Juhnnon. Miss
K. Walker. Mr. and Mrs. C II. Plumbrldge,
Mrs. H. McDonald. F. Cook, A. Seymour,
Charles J. Martin. A. G. Bowman, Ii. tf. Par
ker, R. F. O'Rourk*. Martin Beck. Mr. and
Mis. Mooklar and Infant. Mr. and Mrs. A. M.
Miil»r, Mis* Maud Hob»jti. Mr. and Mrs. M.
U. Mow, Miss It. Moss. 1). O. Ramsay. Mrs.
E. G. Hozier, Mr. and Mrs. J. Judge, Joseph
Beny, J. G. Bal*y. D, H. Madill. .T. M. Rosen.
Ross M. Murphy. Mr. and Mrs. Ayres, Mr. and
Mrs. BudKe. Miss F. A. McLecd. S. Meyer.
Mr. and Mr*. J. X. Dyson, H. W. Westorfeld,
Mr. and Mm. T. Russell, Husrell B. Beala,
J. Slack, E. Korbes, Mrs. D. Forbes. Elder E.
Cragun, Mrs. K. S. Rlley, James Hoff, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Ktlley and three children. John
Bartholomew, Mis* J. M. O'Brien. Miss C.
Blitehford. Mrs. Brunswick and infant, Mr.
and lire. F. C. Brown.,and Infant.
ACT ON AGENT'S ADVICE
The Crack Liner
Makes Smooth
Sea Trip.
Witnesses in Eigdon Case
Say They Signed Abbrevi
ations for a Purpose
Three-quarters of a million acres
oi Forest* hsv« been swept by forest
Xires during the last few months. This
has l*d the California Water and
Forest Association to work for better
conditions. At the close of the con
ference of yesterday it was announced
that the outlines of a plan had been
agreed upon, which it is hoped that
the California Legislature will accept
at its next session. The outlines are
simple. It is proposed to have the
Governor appoint a State Forester at a
salary of $2000 a year. The State For
ester is to appoint his assistant, who
will Vie known as the fire warden.
These two officials will be the heads of
the State's forest fire department.
The plan also provides that there
shall be deputy wardens, ten in num
ber, each of whom is to receive $1000
a year. The appointment of the dep
uty wardens will rest with the Gov
ernor of the State and his official as
sociates on the State Board of Ex
aminers. The term of office of the
State Forester is to be for life or dur
ing g-ood behavior. The Forester's
assistant is to be appointed by the
Forester. The committee believes that
the fire preventing and fire extinguish
ing department can be maintained at
a cost of not mor than $30,000 a year.
It is recommended that the pro
posed law shall authorize the deputy
wardens to call upon citizens to help
put out fires and provide compensation
at 25 cents per hour and a penalty
for refusing to give the assistance. The
recommendations will be embodied in
a legislative bill after due considera
tion by the executive committee of the
osooiation.
The organization of a State forest
fire department to prevent and extin
guish foroFt fires in California will be
recommended by a special committee
of the California Water and Forest As
sociation. William Thomas chairman.
Ali day Sunday the committee coun
seled with representatives of the Unit
ed States Bureau of Forestry. Yester
day the conference Mas resumed. Sev
eral leading: conclusions were reached
relative to the proposed fire organiza
tion.
Measure^ Proposed to Make
Personnel of Bureau Ef
fective and Non-Partisan
»
FORESTS MAY BE SAVED
Forest Association Members
Are Preparing- a Bill for
Submission to Legislature
PLAN A STATE
FIRE SERVICE
NAME IS EASY
TO COUNTERFEIT
Ship Alice Leigh
Again Unable
to Leave.
OCEANIC STEAM ER VENTURA
ARRIVES FROM THE ANTIPODES
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1904.
7
The Salt "of To-pay for Table
Is Leslie 3: Steriyted.','' Ask-*' your- grocer.
Shakes freely from shaker." A delightful salt.*
NjgW jj
Cures daadratf. Stops tmOiag hair. R*l*oTe»Tlc5i5!T l> ~ — ™" ™"™"™
Newbro's Herpicide
. TheOR!aiNALr«ine4ythafkrajtheOan<JrB«aerm.- .:-
<5OING>1 &Q1NC3*!! GONEU1
• lanctOE ikTsm it. tanaa wiu uh it. im'uie fsi uwtcuL
A PURTJr TfWTH RDtKU thatwlll.«oen«recmer. cause baldness. Awrtter
*% rVOUL 1UU1H DftWOn ta M «Ucal R.Wew of Reviews says. "School
A noted dernatologf st says. "The ttma Is coatoc ChOdren should know that It Is dirty to uu u-
when an unsterilUed public hair brush will be as other's hair brush." Ncwfero's Herpicide readers
rare as a public tooth brash.** The reason Is public hair brushes harmless by destroying th*
that dirty hair brashes spread dandruff, and true dandrnft microbe. A delightful hair dressing,
dandruff It now known to be a contagious disease Gives wonderful results. •
OrflfPons.S1.Oa U*iVK tmt, U 8WICI0E CO, O*pt i, OUT* Mxi, tv I usfr.
i.:-. v ..:.. ¦ ¦ . • • . ¦ i
aPPUCATioWB aT PBOKnTEyT BAJUICT ggQW. '
"*„_„._ PRAGERS - _'
There Will Be
•• •
¦ •
Something Doing at
Pragers
• JL /&$ a~~^Sw it &
•BS* CSm^^ M CJIV SJIO *J*
Don't Miss It.
1 ALWAYS RELIABLE
t238- 1250 MARKET ST.^
A SAVER.:
TR.OUBLE SAVED
WORRY SAVED
MONEY SAVED
TIME SAVED
By Buying a Cheap Ticket. oi\ One of the Selling Dates Over the
Union-Southern Pacific
CHICAGO AND RETURN C7O
Via St. Loiiis m m m 9+ »«JV
ST. LOUIS AND RETURN tf (*9 C/\
Direct* "" S»^* •JVJ
Last and Only Sale Dates:
—
October 19, 20, 26, 27.
WRITE OR CALL ON ME.
I Will Reserve Your Berth and Make
AD Arrangements for Your Trip.
8. 7. BOOTS, Gen. Ajrt.. 17. P. B. 8.
1 Montgomery Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V I I 61 Mm
H Brand m
m Evaporated If
H Cream m
t* "j goes farthest, fv?f
\ i^i because it is most concentrated; fi9
tgl is mest nourishing, E3§
\I§1 bscsuss richest in cream; l|ra
Plft most P 61^ 0 * 1 B5RI
|||| because mest skillfully gggf
eE| Its purity is guaranteed BS
fgg| under forfeit cf $5,000 to asf
HA anyone able to prove flwa
jC§|| any adulteration in our fei|pL
. PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY . %
Used by people of re£nement
Cor over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
njjTra^j CURE SICK HEADACHE.
GSfTTiE Genuine Must Bear
IS LY£F Fas-Simile Signature
r_3m" s& -*>** ~~Fashionable World
Is Racking Its Mind
Over Dress Problems
An Eastern gentleman hired his mother-in-law to kilf his wife
and then put the mother-in-law out of the way. Wasn't this Vather
a roundabout method ? M ! v
IGNORANCE.
', Captain (showing her over the ship)
—This Is ' the ' auarter deck.
. -LAdy— Then ,¦ I . suppose ,- that ; : deck
down there is the 50-cent deck. ,. . <'
HE WAS > WILLING.
Mrs. Henpeck (riding)— The mis
sionaries in China are sending out ap
peals for wives. .
¦/Henpeck— That' so? Well, they can
have "you.;*: '/ ' ' .
LOTS OF TIME.
. Justice— What -have you to s say?
Prisoner— A whole, lot, If "you'll 'Just
give me time. ; ,
Justice— I guess 30 daVs will be time
«HOU£h. . : ... ., ": i," . ..;-
"If a body kiss a body, need a body cry?" Yet they say that
the Republicans are going to lose Montana because one of the State
Senators of that breezy commonwealth indulged in some surrepti
tious osculation at the expense of one of her fair daughters.
For her Womanish folly she paid— first'
with her princely throne, and then with
her fair, queenly head.
What satisfaction can there be to a
girl who is gentle born and tenderly
matured to see any man with a barb
In his heart through her fault, "like a
deer at the end of the chase?" How
can she rest without self-reproaches if
she knows that through her vanity the
night is long to one who loves her, as
he listens to the many hours come and
go, and come and go relentlessly?
And in nine cases out of ten, when
a man's life is embittered through
love, the girl whom he loved is direct
ly to blame. No man is warranted
fireproof; and she who touches the
match to the loose lumber which is
lying around in a young fellow's imag
ination, gathered there for his castle
in Spain, is responsible for the con
flagration that ensues even* if she did
mean no harm, but did it in careless
mood, just to see what would happen.
Of course there are thousands of
sophistries which may be offered in
her defense. Nature has endowed her,
perhaps, with a manner which seems
to imply so much more than she is
willing to say. Or she has naturally a
smile so personal that every man who
sees it is sure that it is intended for
him alone. She may assert that never
once since the beginning of her ac
quaintance with her luckless lover has
she thought of the possibility of their
ever becoming nearer than "Just
friends." *
"\ But let whoever pleases believe this.
The first proposal that a girl re
ceives may actually be, as she de
clares it is, "so sudden." But the same
is never true again. It takes .wonder
fully little experience to make a wom
an weatherwise in love. She is never
surprised by it a second time.
Both what a man does, and what he
fails I to do, in his relations with her,
confess his preference long before his
words do. Besides, a man In love rare-
George Meredith, whose novels deal
with English high life, lives simply.
He built himself a house not long ago.
It was charming, but small.
- A young woman with, a letter of In
troduction visited Mr. Meredith as his
home was being completed. With
some pride he showed her over the
building, but she, a little disappointed,
said: 4
'.'In your books you describe huge
castles and spacious baronial halls,
but when you come to build you put
up a little bit of a house like this.
Why Is it?" '
"It <is because," replied the poet,
"words are cheaper, than stones."
Words Cheaper Than Stones.
ly makes an effort at concealment. If
he believes that the great passion of
life has come to him he is proud of
the fact, and, like Heine's lover, he
would, if he could, grasp the highest
pine from the mountains of Norway,
and dip it into the fires of Vesuvius,
that he might. .write with it all over
the earth, "I love.thee!"
According to European standards
the American . girl is notably a flirt.
Such a part as this one is in keeping
with the irresponsible career with
which she is credited by the world
abroad, and which has been likened to
the "undulatory, capricious flight of
birds."
Yet this role is not In accordance
with the ideal of womanhood to which
her countrymen swear allegiance. Gen
erally speaking, she may be, as it is
claimed, in matters of love, mistress of
the situation. Yet mentally, morally,
hers is a lofty heritage. And, morally,
mentally, hers is a great opportunity.
Where the standards of life are high,
so, too, are the standards of love. As
said that women poet, whose sonnets
from the Portuguese are classics in the
literature of love:
"Whoever lives true life will love true
love."
Writing In the October Housekeeper
Elizabeth W. Morrison gives the fol
lowing delicious ways of utilizing au
tumn vegetables:
BAKED EGG PLANT.
Wash, but do not peel, put In ft
deep pot of boiling water and cook
until tender, for thirty minutes; re
move from water and cut slice from
top; scoop out pulp carefully; chop
the pulp; season with salt, paprika,
two tablespoonfuls parsley, half
pound cooked and minced ham; fill
shell; sprinkle with fine cracker
crumbs mixed with tgg yolk and bake
In oven for thirty minutes. When
serving garnish with sliced tomatoes.
GREEN PEPPER STUFFED.
Proceed as In former receipt to
prepare for stuffing. Have ready on©
cupful boiled rice, half that amount of
left over minced meat; mix, then sea
son with butter, pepper, salt; add one
beaten ess', fill peppers and bakq
twenty minutes In hot oven.
VEGETABLE PIE.
Line a deep buttered dish with bis
cuit crust, then fill with alternate
layers of parboiled potatoes cut
an eighth of an inch thick ; carrots,
turnips and onions cut thin as wafers;
minced parsley, salt and pepper. Make
a pint sauce of the consistency of
cream, of water, flour and butter, or
beef stock If handy; pour over and
through the contents: bake in hot
oven thirty minutes. Serve hot.
POTATOES AU GRATIX
Boll cubes of potatoes until almost
tender; then drain and cover with
cream or a cream sauce* made of milk
and thickened with flour. Stew In
this seasoned sauce for ten minutes;
pour Into a cheese shell, either Edam
or pineapple, cover with cracker
crumbs and grated cheese On top;
set several thicknesses of cloth on a
pan to brown in hot oven. Garnish
with sliced tomatoes.
He Loves His Boy.
I believe my boy's without alloy upon
his diaphragm.
And can't be smudged by any officious
kind of man;
And whether it rains, hails or snows
He can stand all climatic changes.
For his blood Is rich with red corpuscles.
Which nothing ever deranges.
He's got his blood from his own papa.
His good mother aiding much
In giving him his present status.
And such and such and such.
DR. JAYXES.
City, October 10.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th.»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cai«
lfornia street. Tt-lerhone Main 1013. *
Townser.d's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
On November 1. 1D04, will be advanced
10c per lb. Holiday, orders received up to
that date at present price. •
It Is to be a season of glitter, and the
manufacturer is on hand with no end
of jetted and spangled trimmings, lace
and robes.
Here are the questions which are
agitating the fashionable world and
which will noj be answered until the'
final fall styles are launched: The fate
of the long basque for bodices; the de
cree as to extenders for the bottoms
of skirts: the height of the bust line
and Its consequence among the corset
makers, and the sleeve and shoulder
mandates, savs the New York Sun.
Early in the spring basqued bodices
put in an appearance, but as yet they
have had little favor, except in circles
of the ultra-fashionable. Coat tails,
indeed, have been seen, but as yet they
are classed by conservatives with the
spectacular. Skirts have diminished in
breadth. Instead of. widening. That i3,
they are narrower at the top, and with
the preference for walking-length tail
or-mades are less unwieldy at the
hems. Few skirts that are bouffant
on the hips appear, even In evening
gowns. All, practically, are shirred,
tucked or plaited and held in leash
nearly or quite to knee depth. This,
of course, does not include gauzes or
the thinnest silks. But, as yet, the
ugly, hunchy effects seen in the spring
on cloth skirts, which were full clear
to the waistband, have not been In
evidence in Incoming models. It has
been a matter of surprise to many that
the hip yoke has again appeared in
tailor-mades. But such Is a fact, or
a:, effect, in some of the smartest mod
e,ls. But the hip yoke is less pro
nounced than it was two or three sea
sons ago and Is far less used.
There Is less talk about the crinoline
than there was in the spring. It is a
matter of congratulation to women
who clamor for a minimum of weight
in their toilets that the silk under
skirts that have just come from the
other side have no interlinings of hair
cloth and no reeds or wires In the
hems, as it was predicted they would
have this fall.
The raising of the bust line and the
increasing vozue of close-fitting bod
ices that show the lines of the figure
is responsible for a host of new ma
nipulations and treatments. There are
no darts, the material being drawn and
draped over a fitted lining, but this is
accomplished in divers ways.
Surplice effects are seen on many of
the new blouses and in conjuction with
them are pretty ribbon and velvet in
troductions. Waistcoat suggestions
are common in the use of two or three
wide folds of velvet, which shade from
dark to light or combine contrasting
tones. These fill in crossed fronts and
leave V-shaped openings at the top to
be filled with lace. On a model from
Paris -there is a novel arrangement
in two straps of velvet" which cross
the broad lace yoke and are caught in
the middle by a big gilt and jeweled
ornament of barbaric design.
•Colored embroideries, preferably . of
Oriental design and coloring, are In
troduced • everywhere. They appear
oftener as little touches of brilliance
in insets than in entire vests, cuffs ana
collars. 'Gold braid lights up many a
ravishing toilet of either silk or lace.
For if stories once gain circulation
about a girl's heartlessness, or a girl's
indiscretion, the subject of them is
watched, by eyes sharper than those
of a §quirrel after nuts, for any evi
dences of conscious guilt.
When the flirt is unhappy, pride must
buoy her up. She must laugh down the
pain in her bosom, though her breath
comes so short that It hurts her. She
must keep bright the light of her eyes,
though sunlight looks dim to their
vision. She must keep a smile on her
lips, though, unguarded, they tremble.
She must make her life one tiresome
succession of poses.
Few girls count the cost when they
begin the merry sport of flirtation. It
looks like good fun to drive a mascu
line four-in-hand. It is exhilarating to
feel the 'spirit of a force stronger than
yourself quiver along the lines that
you hold in your slender fingers. It is
intoxicating to see every one whom
you pass turn to look after you. Yes,
the whole experience acts on the blood
like wine.
The "morning head" Is quite another
thing, however, especially if you have
to go about your business as if nothing
were the matter. And you are pretty
certain to have it sooner or later.
I doubt If there was ever yet a
woman flirt who' did not pay high for
her triumphs. . Take for an illustrious
example Mary Queen of Scots— whom
Maurice Hewlltt thus describes in "The
Queen's Qualr": "She meant no harm,
but she must always bewitch some
thing, girl or boy, poet or little dog."
* _ _*
•HPHE girl who flirts does not dare
I to look sad. A pensive face nust
* have a clear conscience and a good
record behind it, else truly does r ne
weep alone — and not that merely, she
weeps with the derisive fingers of the
multitude pointing at her tears, says
Dorothy Fenimore in the Chicago
Journal.
in favor of peace because we are prepared for war, but have no
desire or occasion for it except it be defensive. The nations under
such circumstances will not question our good faith and will hear
and heed us. When the Czar spoke for peace his plans were all laid
for overrunning, in Eastern Asia, a people incapable of resistance.
AH that he had to do was to move into their territory, occupy and
possess it entirely, peaceably! His plea for peace was as insincere
as the deceptive and faithless diplomacy by which he kept his armies
on Chinese territory after agreeing with the concerted powers to
evacuate.. ; »
It is unfortunate for The Hague court that it originated in the
'hypocrisy of that autocrat. Under the circumstances it is natural
that St. Petersburg is sullen and angry because Presidont Roose
velt will call another peace conference that will purge the movement
of the poison of bad faith which it derived from the Czar. If the
conference he called had resulted in general disarmament he
would by this time be the autocrat of all Eastern Asia. Japan put no
faith in his peaceful professions and with patient industry and
matchless skill prepared for a struggle for existence. When Russia
is thoroughly whipped and humiliated and all her bad faith is ex
piated with compound interest, the way will be open for universal
peace, and not before.
Mr. Foster not only lays himself open to the charge of unpa
triotism, but to that of advising a course fatal to the very policy
he advocates. The nations he represents instead of building a navy
hire an attorney. It is cheaper for them arid more profitable for
him. But he must look to his own country, to its navy and its
power, to make real the good dream of general peace.
Meantime Mr. Foster should be careful not to encourage the
dynamiting of our warships that are being built.
solve that doubt in favor of his clients.
Every real American knows that without our navy our voice
would not be heard anywhere in the world, no matter how much
we might plead for peace and the disarming of the nations. Natur
ally the advocate of disarmament must have something of whieffto
disarm, otherwise it is a laughing stock.
When our navy is the strongest in the world we will be heard
AT the universal congress of lawyers and jurists at St. Louis, Mr.
John W. Foster made the leading address on arbitration. In
this he deprecated the statement by Secretary Morton in favor
of a navy equal to the greatest in the world, trusting that the Sec
retary had been misquoted. Mr. Foster said; "Our Government
should hold itself in readiness to enter into an agreement for inter
national disarmament, and not to the increase of the navy. This
country should hold itself to other and far more peaceful pursuits
in the settlement of strife than to the making' of implements of de
struction and death."
Mr. Foster has been for many years the attorney for Mexico
and China at Washington and is a diplomat and international lawyer
of eminence. It has been remarked of him for several years that
his view of international relations has been tinged by the condition
and interests of his clients, rather than by the needs and position
of his own country. Neither Mexico nor China has a navy. - They
are defenseless at sea. Universal peace, desirable for all nations, is
especially desirable for them, but they are entirely without influence
in advancing it. It is the hawk and not the hen that can make peace
effective.
If the United States had a sea power equal to all the rest of the
world combined, it could dictate the disarmament of every other
nation and then would disarm itself. When this and another, or
more nations, between which there is amity, but whose combined
navies unite a sea power that nothing can resist, decide for peace,
there will be peace, and not before. Mr. Foster, led by his profes
sional employment, has been in the habit of criticizing the power
of his own country, until it has been doubted whether his allegiance
runs to his country or his clients. This last criticism seems to re-
THE WOMAN WHO DELIGHTS IN FLIRTATION
PAYS DEARLY IN THE END FOR HER TRIUMPHS
FOSTER ON PEACE.
Some Delicious Dishes
That Can Be Prepared
With Fall Vegetables
IT is not the fault of Tom Watson if any doubt as to Populist
opinions prevail in the public mind. He has now given his
views to the world at a somewhat tiresome length but with a
\ igor — we might perhaps say a recklessness — which leaves no room
for ambiguity. Mr. Watson has seen visions and dreamed dreams,
but the hysteria which they have induced is not likely to be serious
ly nor extensively contagious. We are forced to the conviction
cither that he is himself unaware of the conditions prevailing
throughout the country and the world, or that he is trying to trade
upon an assumed ignorance on the part of those whom he ad
dresses.
His efforts to establish a comparison between the Hindus of
India or the oppressed serfs of some European countries upon the
one hand, and the citizens of the United States upon the other, may
commend itself to his own followers, but to the bulk of the nation
it will seem to be only grotesque and pitiable. Or are these illus
trations furnished to us merely as horrible examples of the condi
tion into which we ma}' fall unless we incline our hearts to Mr.
Watson and open our ears to Populist blandishments? Mr. Wat
son's opinions of Judge Parker are of course interesting because they
are so domestic, and when we have been similarly favored with
Tudgc Parker's opinion of Mr. Watson we shall have "a remarkable
object lesson in family candor. V
A manifesto of this nature would be extremely mischievous if
it were addressed to a nation more inflammatory than the American.
As it is the firebrand will be instantly quenched in the cold water
of common sense and sanity. Mr. Watson deplores class hatred
and he does his utmost to arouse it ; he denounces greed while call
ing attention to the opportunities for . pillaging the property of
others : he points out imaginary cracks in the social edifice and he
proposes to mend them by dragging down the whole fabric about
our ears. Inasmuch as the millennium is not yet in sight there
are still weak places in human nature and defects in social organi
zation, but the remedies prescribed by Mr. Watson are far worse
than the disease.
If we had any doubts whatever of the Republican faith that is
in us the manifesto of the Populist candidate would remove them.
The picture which he draws of President Roosevelt is in the main
the picture of the kind of man who would most adorn the Presi
dential office and steer the national ship into ever smoother waters.
We are told that "Roosevelt is a straight cut Republican who
declares boldly for Republican principles," that "he is not in am
bush, he is behind no blind, he stands out in the open." This is
all perfectly true, and to it we would add the expression of our con
viction that there is no man in America with a keener and a more
sympathetic insight into national needs or with a more hearjy
determination to supply them, and that there is no man who knows
better how to do it. It will never be done by frenzied appeals to
popular passion, nor by the noisy arts of the demagogue.
President Roosevelt is above all else a strong man with a tem
pered and sagacious judgment, and because he has these great and
indispensable qualities he is able to look at every problem in its
entirety, to invoke upon his words and upon his actions a spirit
of justice which can reform without destroying, and to advance with
no less certainty because he has the wisdom of the true statesman in
moving patiently and confidently along the lines of least resistance.
THE POPULIST MANIFESTO.
On Friday, November 4, Edward
Greenway — genial, rotund, happy Ned
Greenway, will celebrate his birthday
at the Palace. Now, ordinarily, cele
brating birthdays is rather a tame
sort of thing, but not so the birthdays
of the debonair Edward — Oh, no.
And following the coffee and cigars
will the first Friday Night Assembly
flare forth at the Palace, under the
guidance, to be sure, of Mr. Green
way^ Who else, pray?
Lucky the maids who are on the
gilded list — and lucky the maids who
win-the favors of the mighty thereat.
Will the debutantes show their coy
Mr. and Mrs. Howard Casey of
Chicago were entertained at dinner
last night by Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Denslow Ford at the St. Francis.
Mrs. Casey has attracted much at
tention during her visit to San Fran
cisco. She is distinctly a Western
type of young matron, chic, clever and
on jgrood terms with the profound
science of gowning — which Is In truth
an inherent gift in woman.
• • •
Joseph M. Cudahy and his fair bride —
Miss . Jean" Morton* who was — have
made a nuptial promise to visit the
sister of the groom, Mrs. Jack Casserly,
before the honeymoon sets.
The wedding at Nebraska City was
an affair of magnificent detail. In
which four carloads of palms and blos
soms formed an incident. And roses
by the thousands. That sounds almost
Californian. •
Then, there is the big wedding of
Miss Marie Claire Adam and Clarence
Musto at Sacred Heart church.
A stunning maid is Miss Adam. Sure
ly, she should be a stunning bride in
her regal robes.
It has always seemed a trifle bour
geois to discuss Intimate things like
wedding presents and trousseaux in
print, but the temptation is irresistible
to Just merely whisper that Miss
Adam's trousseau is exquisite In de
tail. Parisian or local? Whichever it
be, the verdict must remain the same.
Why not? What's in a name?
There's the Chase-Donaldson wed
ding at the home of the bride's parents,
to be celebrated by the Rev. William
K. Guthrie. A night wedding it will
be, and the bride and her bonny band
of attendants will make a mighty pret
ty picture.
Over in the green hills of Piedmont
a pretty nest awaits the bride.
Well, anyway, to-morrow it's going
to be as popular as "Down Where the
Wurzburger Flows."
And by the way, speaking of "Lohen
grin," is it within the memory of the
present generation to have seen a nup
tial processional to any other; "tune" —
Wagner, your pardon — than this fune
real anthem?
To-morrow "Lohengrin" will be heard
in the land from the rising of the sun
till the setting of the same — and for
some hours thereafter.
Mme. Francisca was th« honored
guest at a reception given yesterday
afternoon at the St. Francis. MIsa
Jean Pollok was the hostess. During
the busy hour the red room was gay
with smartly gowned women, who had
come to bid a social welcome to the
fair song-bird of our city, who will sing
for charity on Friday night. The white
and gold concert hall at the St. Fran
cis will fittingly Inaugurate its musl
cales with that affair, with two chari
ties dear to the hearts of all women
the beneficiaries — the Maternity and
the Lying-in hospitals.
Miss Pollok was assisted In receiving
by Miss Susan McEwen. Among 1 those
who called during tha afternoon— and
many remained for a chat— were Mrs.
Richard E. Mulcahy, Mrs. Marshall A.
Newhall, Mrs. D. S. Llsberger, Mrs. L.
L. Baker, Mrs. C. M. Belshaw, Mrs. E.
K. Johnstone, Mrs. C. D. Ford, Mr3.
Fernando Pflngst, Mrs. Charles J.
Deering, Mrs. Livingstone Jenks, the
Misses Johnston, Mrs. "Walter Mc-
Gavin, Mrs. A. T. Vogelsang, Mrs. L.R.
Larzalere, Mrs. C. L. Ackerman, Mrs.
H. F. Dutton, Mrs. George D. Cooper.
Mrs. G. B. Somers, Mrs. W. D. Fennl
more, Mrs. John D. Slblev. Mrs. Adam
Andrew, Mrs. W. K. Guthrie, Miss
Everdlng, Miss Jessie McNab and Mrs.
Phipps.
Miss Gertrude Van Wyck will give a
tea to-morrow afternoon In honor of
her sister, Mrs. Arthur Callaghan, who
is Tilting from Salt Lake City. Only
the most intimate friends have been in
vited and the pleasure that attends in
formality will abide.
Mrs. J. George Lelbold Las taken
apartments in the Empire and will be
"at home" on second Mondays.
Edgar D. Peixotto and his Gotham
bride arrived on Sunday night and ara
temporarily quartered at the Palace.
In a day or •two the young people will
announce an "lit home" at the hotel,
whin the friends of the Peixottos— and
of the thrice lucky groom, in particu
lar — will 1 . bidden to meet the bride.
The Locust-street home promises to be
.ready for its occupants rather earlier
than expected, and domestic accesso
ries of a new domicile are already fill
ing the happy groom with woe.
Lucky chap! In choosing the last
lovely daughter of the Voorhles
household he has chosen a maid who
possesses an art rarely seen in smart
set maidens — the art of perfect home
keeping — and this but one of her arts,
not the least of which is that of ta
pestry painting.
On Thursday Captain H. P. Young
will star^-East, taking leave of his
fiancee till the berries grow red in
December. And then the wedding
bells will ring.
little feet on the floor? A few — Just
a few. 'Tis said that the first dance
will be primarily a belles' dance. And
why not? Are not the belles the
debutantes of yesterday?
BY SALLY SH0RP-
THE SMART SET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOEER 11, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
3OHX D. 6PRECKELS.,.. Proprietor
ADDRESS ALt. COMMUNICATIONS TO
ZOHS McyAUGHT .^... Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE ¦ .THIRP AXD MARKET BTREET8. BAJf FRANCISCO
TUESDAY OCTOBER 11. 1904
"That Order Shall Not Be Revoked! "
— Miss Columbia.
8GARNETT EEXTENCE POSTPOXED —A
motion for a n«w trial for Alexander B * Gar
nett. convlci«3 p* murder In th» eecond deeree
for shooting- and kllltn*- Major J. W. McClunjr
was made by Attorney Goorge D. CoUlni be
fore Judge Lawlor yesterday. The moUon was
madft on the grounds that the evidence was
Insufficient for a verdict of murder in the
second degre* and that the court erred in ad
mitting and rejecting testimony and In In
¦tructlng the jury. Tne Judge said he would
Klre his decision on the motion on Friday
A rentlem«jj t» a man made right and im
proved with age. Apply that te«t to a whiskey
and you hava "<Md Gilt Edge Whiskey •• •
Mate Is Accused of Larceny.
TVilliam Henchel and Morris Olson,
the latter second mate on tho barken
tine Harriet G, were arrested last
night by Detective Ryan and Patrol
man McFee and registered on the de
tinue book at the city prison. Both
men are accused of stealing $400
worth of provisions from the ship. Xhe
vessel is owned by Wheaton, Pond &
Han-old, and arrived from the north
vith a cargo of fish for that firm.
Olson was employed as a watchman on
the barkentine and. It is alleged, that
he removed the frooda in question to
Henchel's home, a short distance from
the dock.
Henry Tietjen, a laborer who
lived at 423 Elizabeth street, ended his
life last night by swallowing a quan
tity of carbolic acid. Shortly after S
o'clock he visited his brother's room
at the same address, and with the sal
utation "here's my regards" drank the
contents of the vial of poison. A phjr
ciclan was called, but the man was
beyond medical skllL Excessive in
dulgence in alcoholic stimulants is as-
Figned as the cause of the tragedy. De
ceased was 32 years of age and un
married.
Laborer Ends lib Life.
The Newspaper Artists' League will
open its exhibition of pictures, draw
ings and paintings at the Maple room
In the Palace Hotel by a private view
to-night, admission to which will be
by card only.
Beginning to-morrow afternoon the
exhibition will be open to' the public
and will continue bo afternoons and
evenings until the end of the week.
Over 700 pictures, the work of mem
bers of the league, will be in the dis
play. They embrace a great variety of
style and subject, from the fublime to
the ridiculous. Lovers of art should
avail themselves of this opportunity to
see what excellent work the newspa
per men can do. outside of the work
they furnish for the edification of the
public in the daily journals.
To Exhibit Drawings and Pa in tines of
Members in Maple Itoom at
the Palace.
NEWSPAPER AKTISTS' LEAGUE
•WUjIj SHOW WHAT IT CAX DO
The secretary was directed to no
tify the State Controller that for the
Fucceeding two fiscal years $100,000
would be needed for the general main
tenance of the valley. $10,000 for the
liig Tree Grove and $2000 for trav
eling expenses.
The style of signs for naming: the
trees of the Biff Tree Grove was left
to the committee on big tree*.
Hereafter one person shall be per
mitted but one concession in the val
ley.
Chris Jorgensen was granted a ten
years' lease of his studio from Novem
ber. 1. 1304.
Tenants of the valley should see
that water is permitted to run
through pipes during the winter to
prevent freezing. If the pipes burst
tenants must repair them.
The guardian has been ordered to
report on the condition of Bridal
Veil and Cascade bridges. A proposi
tion for the State to do its own black-
Fmithing is being investigated by the
puaxdian, who was ordered to en
force the rule against allowing the
large Quantities of stock now running
In the valley to remain there.
The secretary was ordered to pre
pare a bill for presentation to Con
grress amending its grant to the State
of California of the Yosemite, Valley
to the end that leases may be granted
for hotel purposes only for a period
of twenty-flve years.
Commissioners Hold Meeting and
Transact Business Affectins
3Iany People.
There -was a meeting: of the
Tosernite Commissioners ye.sterday
afternoon. It was decided to con
struct a cabin at Union Point to af
ford shelter to tourists. Water will
be piped to the cabin for the use of
horse and man.
The bridge across the Merced River
below Snows is to* be rebuilt.
Quincy A. Chase, George Q. Chase, T. P.
¦Winter. R. H. Blake. Sparrow Purdy, Clifford
Moiler, S. M. Barrus, B. F. Day, J. H. Bren
ner. G. J. Jackson, A. W. Stewart, Charles G.
Woodward, R. George Green, Frank M.
Wecms. Fred Heydenfeldt, H. Harding*. C.
A. Smart. A. Alberti, J. F. Veaco, Dave
Spence, G. C. Hoi brook. F. W. Spencer. Henry
Henrick, F. W. "Winter. J. A. Mitchell, Claude
Coulter. H. T. Mitchell. E. J. Behre, F. Ke
nl«r. Henry Tillman, Arthur Laurilliard. James
'W*i»e. J. Goodroan, Joaeph Brandon, Oscar
Carlton. Jerry Manning, Howard Duniont, E.
N. Cllntsman. E. F. Delano, H. P. Rothermel,
F. J. Christopher, A. W. Trusson, John Vlerra,
Frank Haynea. C. Neale. H. S. Appleton. R.
J. Ruegr?. M. J. Caffigan. J. P. Broder, J. L.
Murphy, Beverly Tickner, Siebert LJnd. Frank
button, g. J. Bruce, J. K. Blake. P. G. Bruce,
"VV. Belroee. John Miley, T. S. Winter Dave
Edward*. Joseph Verta, Charles Taylor, W. H.
Moran, C. F. Brewer, F. M. Case. E. S.
Moore, R. C. Mnee. J. G. Ramer, J. A. Harvey,
D. C. Kubbard. W. G. Saundcrs, W. M. Hale,
M. Zobertfler. H. M. Fuller John A. Neu.
Heasman & Gillette. J. O. Yardley. w. E. Al
len, G. H. Barnes, C. B. Bergen. E. Hally,
C. R. Johnson. H. W. Lynch, W. O. Pearce.
F. G. W. Paige, W. R. Spence. M. Walsh, B.
Murphy, R. Broderlck, R. Gumper. E. Chase.
D. Lee.
The employes and representatives
of Kohler & Chase celebrated the
fifty-fourth anniversary of that well
known firm last nigftt at a banquet at
the Occidental Hotel. The affair was
attended by about one hundred,
among whom there were several em
ployes who have been connected with
the establishment for from twentv to
thirty-six years. The toastmaster ot
the evening was R. H. Blake. Speeches
were made by Q. A. and G. Q. Chase,
T. P. Winter and S. M. Barrus. Among
those present were the following:
Employes of Pioneer Firm Celebrate
Its Fifty-Fourth Anniversary at
a Banquet.
HAS BEEN" IX BUSINESS
OVER HALF A CENTURY
IMPRO\*r3fEVTS FpVXXED
FOR YOSEMITE VALLEY
PERSOXAXi.
Chester Rowell of Fresno Is at the
Grand.
Frank P. Flint of Los Angeles Is at
the Palace.
W. H. Hatton, a lawyer of Modesto,
is at the Lick. .
F. A: Russell and _wlfe of Toronto
are at the Palace. * •
N. C. Farnham, an oilman of Bakers
field, is at the Lick.
£tate Senator. .ThomasrFllnt of San
Juan Is at the Palace.
George D. Kellogg, a mining man of
Newcastle,- Is 'at the Lick.
T. "J. Field,- the 'well-known banker
of Monterey, Is at the Palace.
Dr. I. J. Wolf and wife of Kansas
City are staying at the Palace.
John Finnell, one of Tehania Coun
ty's* leading merchants, is at the Pal
ace.
William G. Kirckoff and wife of Los
Angeles are registered at the St.
Francis.
A. F. Eaton, manager of the tele
phone company at San Jose, Is at
the Grand.
Captain Philip Going of the steam
ship American Maru is staying at the
St. Francis.
W. P. Hamrnon, head of the big
dredging enterprise r.ear'Oroville, is at
the Palace. * . m > - * % " *
S. M. Mears, a cordage manufacturer
of Portland, and hi3 wife arrived at
the St. Francis yesterday. : ~
. Leopold Michels, a well-known local
merchant, and his wife, who have been
abroad for several months, have re
turned and are guests at the St. Fran
cis. . •
Mr. and Mrs. I. Norman de R.
Whltehouse, prominent members of
New York society, who have been visit
ing Honolulu, returned yesterday and
are at the Palace.
Charles Fee, passenger traffic man
ager of the ' Southern Pacific Com
pany, who made his first trip into the
Yosemite Valley last week with Rev.
George Adams and several other
friends, returned yesterday.
G. M. Schofield, a prominent young
civil engineer of New York, has been a
guest at the Palace for several days.
¦ F. Roosevelt of New York, a rela
tive of President Roosevelt, arrived
with his wife from the East yesterday.
They are staying at the St. Francis.
Major General Corbin lunched with
friends at the Pacific Union Club yes
terday. He will come up from San
Mateo to-day with Mrs. Corbin and
will be the guest of Mrs. F. Kohl, 2614
Pacific avenue, until he sails for the
Philippines on the Mongolia on Thurs
day.
#
Accepted Suitor Formerly on
Training Ship Adams Is
on Duty at Annapolis
Ep-cla! Dispatch to'Th* Call.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 10.— IJ. S. Grant
and "wife left this afternqpn for New
York and before leaving announced the
engagement and approaching marriage
of. their daughter Miriam, now at the
New York residence of the family, to
Lieutenant U. S. Macy of the navy.
The marriage is to take place this
fall, but whether here or in New York
'was not stated. Lieutenant Macy was
formerly attached to the training ship
Adams, but after she had been ordered
to' Samoa as station ship he was or
dered to Annapolis. It is not known
here -whether he has received different
orders since he went to, Annapolis sev
eral months ago.
After Fifty Years.
Wiley B. Allen, wife, daughter, father,
mother and sister leave to-day for the
East. Their trip will include Chicago,
St. Louis and Southern Illinois. Mr. Al
len's* father and mother came to -the
coast across the plains in pioneer days,
and a visit to their old home is an essen
tial object of the Journey.
Sidlowski Not a Stockholder.
- The "report that M. Sidlowski is a
stockholder in the Royal Mercantile
Company, -a-"get-rich-quick" concern,
against which a fraud order has re
cently been issued by the United
States Postmaster General, Is errone
ous. iMr. Sidlowski was never a stock
holder In that company.
Husbands pay for the fine feathers
that make fine birds; bachelors admire
them.
WEDDING Tins FALL
Thomas Stewart, an able bodied vag-
James Hawks believed he had a right
to chop], down the stairway leading
from the street to his home on the
second floor of • 732 Fulton street, t In
the first place, he argued, only his own
family would be put to any inconven
ience by his removal of the means of
Ingress and egress, and, in the second
place, the stairs had - been so debili
tated by the effects ot the rainstorm
that they were no longer safe to tread
upon.. Therefore he consldered.it the
prerogative of no person outside of
his own household to dictate what he
should do or should not do with - the
stairway. Although he questioned the
right of Patrolman. Earle to arrest him
for malicious mischief;- -he did not at
tempt to resist that officer, but meekly
accompanied him to -the prison. He
hoped that Judge Mogan would .weigh
carefully the circumstances before pro
nouncing judgment. .
His Honor took all the facts into con
sideration before he dismissed Mr.
Hawks and ordered restored to him
the ax which the ' policeman had ap
propriated with intention to submit as
evidence for the 'prosecution.
Captain Lewis Lazzarevich lost his
position as master of the steamer
Wing and Wing last Friday, but de
spite that fact he boarded the vessel
Saturday morning and bullied the crew
around just as If he were still author
ized to do so- Among those who ig
nored his commands was the ship's
blacksmith, and that functionary's re
fusal to do as ordered resulted in his
being struck upon the head and knock
ed down a hatchway by the ' retired
skipper. Judge Mogan will hear the
defense next Saturday. -
Judge Mogan consented to have the
charge of grand larceny against John
Benson changed tof that of battery,
and then sentenced him to six months'
imprisonment.
Benson is 18 years of age and by
occupation a sailor. He was arrested
on September 15 on complaint of Mrs.
Kate Courtenay of 332 Alain street,
whom he knocked down and, it was
alleged, attempted to rob at Main and
Howard streets. Several firemen who
¦witnessed the incident testified that
the young fellow was. drunk and appar
ently did not realize what he v/as do
ing. He was given a good character
"by the superintendent of the Sailors'
Home, where he resided.
Vaino Auvo Mativen, harboring re
venge for real or fancied wrong by a
compatriot, John Yokila, came from
Oakland with blood in his eye. But
he did not propose to take cowardly
advantage of the man he hated. No,
indeed. Instead ef committing ordi
nary assault and battery he procured
a pair of fencing foils, went to Yoki
la's residence, 24 3 Steuart street, and
challenged him to cut, thrust and
parry until one or the other was in
capacitated for further fighting. In
stead of accepting the challenge Yo
kila had Mativen arrested and charged
wfth disturbing the peace. Judge Con-
Ian continued the hearing.
Edward Murray was posing as a
one-armed beggar on the Barbary
Coast, when Patrolman Nelson discov
ered the cheat and arrested him. The
policeman testified that Murray had
one of his arms twisted behind him in
such a way as to lead the casual ob
server to imagine that it had been
amputated at the shoulder, and that
he was reaping a harvest of small
coins from pitying pedestrians when
his swindle was checked. Judge Con-
Ian gave him six months' imprison
ment.
When a dairyman attempted to
ter the elevator of the Strathmore
apartment house, 207 Larkin street,
with intent to deliver milk tq Attorney
Ed. S. Green on thV fifth floor,. he was
restrained by the janitor, Thomaa F.
Doran, who took the ground that the
hoist was for the use of guests only. So
the milkman toiled upstairs and re
counted the incident to Mr. Green,
who thereupon acompanied him to tho
first floor and. It is alleged, punished
Doran. Judge Mogan 'continued the
case till October 15.
Edward Almon and his wife,. Nellie,
were in a saloon at -61 Third street
early yesterday morning when a shot
was fired, and Patrolman Tillman
rushed in to investigate. From the
contradictory stories told ' by . those
present the officer became convinced
that Mr. Almon had made a target of
his wife, but the woman denied it and
supplemented her denial with such
oral abuse of the accuser that he took
both, her and her spouse into custody.
Judge Cabaniss continued the case.
Almon is a bartender.
It was the opinion of both Mr. and
Mrs. Barker, and they voiced it with
emphasis yesterday morning in the
court of Police Judge Mog&n, that
Dentist M. E. Smith must have been
either insanely reckless of consequences
or imbued with murderous desirfe when
he fired his pistol last Sunday after
noon and frightened them almost to the
swooning point. They were seated on
the ocean beach, opposite M ; street,
they averred, when the sharp report; of
a revolver, shot behind them, and the
simultaneous splash of a bullet in "the
water at which they were i pensively,"
gazing rudely dispelled" their day.
dream. Springing to their respective
feet they saw Dentist Smith, pistol in 1
hand, standing on the boulevard, and
apparently preparing to /send- another
leaden missile in the direction taken
by its predecessor, whlbh : was in direct
line with their persons. '^They fran
tically requested him to save -his' am- ,
munition and then had him arrested
for discharging firearms within the city!
limits. They were certain 'that their
lives were only preserved by a. sand
hummock that lay between them and
the marksman when he fired .the first <
shot. Mr. Barker, indeed, believed that'
the bullet whizzed directly a few iflches :
above his head and that if he had not
happened to be In a recumbent position
it would have entered his : . body. • So
narrowly did it miss him that- he ; both
saw and heard its flight. :. ' ' '. .
The defendant said he did ' not per- (
ceive any one between himself and the I
ocean when he fired the shot and the
only motive he had in firing it was. to
ascertain whether his pistol • was in !
working order. As he had; never seen !
or heard ot Mr. or Mrs. Barker until '
they leaped from behind the hummock
that concealed them from his • gaze
when he took aim, he certainly, had no !
desire to kill or even scare them, i
Mr. Barker, however, insisted on In- i
sinuating that something more ', than
mere thoughtlessness was at the bot
tom of the dentist's misdemeanor, and
so vociferous did he become in denun
ciation of that gentleman's conduct
that the Judge took issue with him.
His Honor held that the defendant
could be censured only for carelessness
in his pistol practice, just as Mr. Bar
ker had been rather careless In his
dealing with the truth when he testi
fied that he saw the bullet fly and
heard it buzz. Then the case was taken
under advisement.
John tRell was intoxicated when he
entered the Winchester Hotel last Sun
day night and, unpercelved by any, of
the ' usually vigilant attaches, went to
bed in a front room. Some time later,
however,' • he was discovered by a
watchman, who, after much trouble,
awakened him and requested that he
pay a dollar for use of tne apartment.
M/.' Bell said he consiCered the rate
exorbitant, but rather than' be ejected
he "would pay fifty cents for his night's
lodging: * The offer, was. declined and
Mr,. Bell was requested to 'Vacate, but
he; acted bo obstinate-ly that. a police
man was called to arrest him for de
frauding an Innkeeper.- When searched
at" the prison $6 was found In one of
•biar pockets.: 1 - *• ' ¦ ' '•' • ¦"'¦-¦'
"Are you willing to pay a 'dollar for
the room?" inquired Judge Mogan yes
terday morning. '.
'"Certainly hot," was the answer.
"The apartment is tnot worth' a dollar
a night, and, besides. I occupied it only
a short time. However, to avoid trou
ble. I, renew rhy 'offer- of fifty centa.'.'
_v"Your desire to save ; trouble is ap
preciated,^' said the Court, "but I am
afraid that is as far as It can be pam
pered. When you come here for sen
tence to-morrow you will find that the
room has cost you at least $10 or im
prisonment for as many days."
- "I am acting on principle," said Mr.
Bell. ' - • • -
.. "And you are to be congratulated on
being able to afford to do so," said the
Judge.
; Mr. Bell recently came from an in
terior town. :
rant, was sent up for six months by
Judge Mogan for soliciting alms at
Sutter and Kearny streets. Patrolman
Teutenberg testified that the defendant
hurTted anathemas at pedestrians who
ignored his appeals for aid..
U. S. Grant Announces En
gagement of Daughter Mi
riam to Lieutenant Macy
While Shooting at the Ocean He
Scares thp Barkers.
WILL MARRY
NAVY OFFICER
Dentist's Pistol Lands Him in Court
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11; 1904.
9
AI>VERTISEaiEyT&,
Perrin
, C. Your last pair of \
gloves, if they were '
Perrin, left a pleasant
memory of comfort, {
they did fit and look j
.80 well, and wear so j
Sole depot for
¦Women's and Chll<3ren"« G1ot»« at '
R. D. DAVIS & COMPANY, '
Geary Street apd Grant Avenue,
tfen'i Perrin 01ot«s at all Stores. ¦
. • i . )
f^r^.-j_-wv,-,L-<,.---j'.JU-»JW^» ¦¦¦ ¦'
. . AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND SS5SS
24— BIG SONG HITS— 24
TO-NIQHT— ALL THE WEEX.
W. P. CULL.EN Presents the Brilliant
Musical Comedy,
THE
Burgomaster
OSCAR L. FI6MAN as the Burgomaster
Hii\ Sunday Matinee— ARIZONA.
*^^|T "A Magazine , of Real Use to Woman"
j^^^^^s' November Number— Out To-day 1 f\ c
mM9^^^^^^^^^ *^ e es^8 ner s an all-round magazine. It covers |j 1 1
/^^^^^^I^^^P^v. every phase. of "Her" life, and is unique among 1 x^
woman's publications in that it is edited in part by its
subscribers and' readers. Its fashions are the Standard, and its repro-
IH^Hf&^k - dudions of them in colors and half-tone are not
¦ffl^^.^^WH^iHr^^_l^M^ " excelled by any periodical in this country.
.^^^B^tt^S^Kj^^^^ Altogether it is a magazine that is very close
* W^y^S*:'^^^^^ t0 its readers and keeps tliem cIose to iL If
?• -»^|| «s You have never read it, there is a treat in Store.
i^KiiBsl^^pS ™k Your INewsdealer
||P 9^|l^!^^i^ - FOR A COPY TO-DAY!
j_fe^bneliii^^ He W take ****** suhsc^ <m ( B * ht y Ccnl$ )-
~£yj&H&l&--?\ •v : # 's •^« }]&&&') or you can send it through any Standard Agent, or to
|^^^>^J?t: v> • .* & L <^> J \ 'H^>v ' *« publishers dired. .
/ :i ; PRAGERS, Market and^ Jones Streets. ,
- R. D.DAVIS f<fi_^ CO.; Grant Avenue and Geary Street," •
STANDARD PATTERNS and THE DESIGNER at the DOMESTIC S. M. OFFICE, 102 1 Market Street.
-^ AT^fc^xisiEaEEgrrs.
g«oocoooocoocooooooooooec2©©oocooo««ooa«90oe©
8 818 -g20 MARKET STREET. • BAH PBAITCISCO. •
8 Don't Forget To-Morrow [free— u. s. Postage stamps §
• T>_*%T Till !.* T\ A XT' °n All Purchases in Our J
g */V/VDl-yllf lJ A I . Stationery Department too
O Amount of 20c or More. §
© I.ACITS' WETTER UXTSERWEAR. WOMEN'S PBETTT STOCKS •
O T^^-^l' A beautiful line of new Fall Stock* J
O cial ltrino nlrts - «*&• 95C - spe- just arrIved - made to sell for 5Oc; O
•^ <u ......... .-._ jjoc special while they last 25c*
THE ETBATFOBO O
O H'gh-prade Union Suits, elastic over l-ADIES' SACOXIES. C
Q the shoulders and adjustable aero-s Made of the best Flannelette, all col- -. I
c the bust: comfortable and larjre ors: loose front, fitted back; spe- g I
a around the hips: extra fine merino. clal, each 45c •*
X Regular price of these Combination ©
O Suits Jl. 50: Fperial price 7T»c LADIES' Q
9 Sizes 4, 5 and 6. ' New Fall Waists, made nf American Q j
X -.ADIES' FASCIKATOaS Flannelette: new sleeves, detach- 0 j
• Beautiful line of white, black and all llar: a11 colors - R«S?nlar /•_: O '
« colors of Fascinators. Worth Jl.RO: B P e "aJ •••»<• Q
q special *),-j c WOMEN'S UNDERWEAR. © ',
a _ SHAWLS. Corset Covers — Made of soft quality © ¦
T Jurt received new line of icewool, cambric. Special 2f>c © *
2 silk, worsted and zephyr Eh&wls I Drawers — Made of fine quality cam- 9 <
** at astonishing low prices. I brie, very full, extra wide made. 0 '¦
® 2_AP2ZTA TABLE 1IATS. Special, each 45c « •
_J Set of 5 pieces, round and octagon. To r be sweet O ;
2 Rerular S5c; special ... . °%c Is to be clean; ©•
• nnnwn **•*> thrill .... To be clean q '
2 . TO0 2t cS5 pSSI 1^ Is to use od Soap - © !
g Most all of the late popular Books _ , , r KIRK'S Q
_» are among our list of publishers' Regular 15c per box Russian Lily. © j
• $1.50; our price KOc Russian Lilac. Russian Violets. 0,
O t>,,v." " "r»^,- Russian Roses, Azora Rose. Melba, a;
O •pjf^. iE-JtI "Witch Hazel, Transparent. Special. !f ;
O ra Beautiful Japan. 111. . . 5150 nOo Per b ° X 1OC S '
O Chanticleer, by 51.50 6Oc KIRK'S SEASONS ©j
3 Tourir ti Kft k/* In exquisite odors, true to nature. ©!
g Bo^Book' Vf E ° C R^ ular 25c = *>«**' »"' ; IOc g |
O P^^fSl S VaTrfa- " •*' Ext « of V^s™^. Re B - | j
ei y,'^ 5 C na '., -« -«. ular price 35c: special 25c f '
m. fJ5um''£ZV£lZiZZi .TcX VX° An extra shipment of selected high-©;
S ThSrprn^ *ETm;" $ r> ° C Tooth Brushes, that sell © ¦
• £r£l 7 7 MaC \, ri. -r-. everywhere for 25c. 35c. 60c. Spe- ©
2 Th^MMn * Chance.- ' '^" ' 5<? cial vhile th^ last 2Oc * j
Jf Michel-on '.SI. 50 TTio TABLE OIL CLOTH. ••
2 The Tra!tors.Oppenheim..S1.50 T.'o Sort of Zt«mziant Sale — Pieces of one. • i
• Success, by J. n. ITearst..J1.50 T.'c two and three yard lengths; all new © i
O Korean Sketches. Gale.. .$1.25 sr.<> and pretty desigms; '1«4 yards wide. O
O Verberk of Japan. Griffis.51.50 851.13 Regular 25c: special 1J)C O !
Q Verpilius. by Irving XUmnants of Shelf OH Cloth — Also a Q i
n Bacheller 51.50jR1.OS few full pieces. Regular 8c per a '
X Tap'n Eri. by Lincoln SI. 50<$l. 08 yard; sale price 5c a i
© er : hy . U :.^° n .t^^ os Harnw-KP gas tapers. |j
• « VnTurn^s by Fliot $3 00 J51 **K Rceular 5c per box; special, box..4c © - !
O 15 Volumes, by Dickons.. ST^BO SrtIS.1 dozen lOc'O
O 10 Volumes. Thackeray . .$5. 00 $1.J)K 75c HARMONICA, 2oC. ©.
O Visit our Book Department; get our A h for tne boy3 . Every boy©!
O prices if in n*ed of Books. knows that 75c is the regular price O
© K1GHT LIGHTS. " of the celebrated Clover Combina- Q '¦¦
0 Wood Box and Wood Floats, small tion Harmonica and Zobo. with Q !
eize. R^g-ular price *c: special.. 2c nickel phone attachment: each one q«
Larg-e size. Regular price 10c; spe- packed in wooden box. On special £_ !
5 cial SO sale 25c q
© KNIVES. RAZORS AND SHEARS GROUND AND REPAIRED.
y PICTURE FRAMES OP ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADE TO ORDER. •
ALL KINDS OP ELECTRICAL WORK DONE AXTD REPAIRED. V \
o©©©eooooe>o©oo©©o©o©©6©aeoec©e©oo©oo©©©e©©©©©'
A31USEMEXTS. i __
A BIG NEW SHOW!
Iiewla McCcrd and Company; Hickey and
ZTelson; "A XTLarht In Venice"; Mnrphy
and WOlard; Jnlina M. Tannext; Koey
and Lee: Pelix and Barry; Mme. A very
Strako.ch, and Orpheum Llotion Flc-
1 turei. "¦
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— IOc, 25c and 50c
A T _T* A T A T> Belaaco * Mayer.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
THE NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANT.
Introdncingr JOHN CRAIG. LILLIAN LAW-
RENCE and ELIZABETH WOODSON with
the old Alcazar Favorites.
IN R. C. CARTON'S FAMOUS COMEDY,
¥ I FIRST, TlME AT
JIWO I THE ALCAZAR.
LADY ALCY
AN ELABORATE SCENIC PRODUCTION.
MATINEES SATURDAY and 8UNDAT.
Evgs. 23c to 73c: Mats. Sat. and Sun. 23c to 30c
FIRST SUNDAY MATINEE OCT. 18.
Next Monday — Clyde Fitch's Comedy,
THE WAY OF THE WORLD.
Market st.. near 8th. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT — Every Evening This Week.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of Rider
Haggard's Powerful Oriental Drama,
"SHE"
With the Entire Central Theater Stock
Company.
Special Farewell Engagement of Frisco's
Favorite.'
EUGENIE THAiS LAWTON
POPULAR PRICES— Eve.. 10c -to 60c; Mats..
10c, 15c, 25c.
October 17 — Champion of the World. JAMES
J. JEFFRIES, in DAVY CROCKET.
LAST TWO WEEKS OF
HOWARD JACOTTS BURLESQUE,
"DOWN THE LINE"
The funniest, the very best of them.
MAGNIFICENTLY MOUNTED.
Delightfully Acted and Sung.
Nights. 25c, 50c and 73c.
Bat. and Sun. Matinees. 23c and 30o.
Children at matinees, 10c and 23c.
Remember, the last two weeka.
JOSEF
HOFMANN
THE GREAT PIANIST.
rABEWELi POFTJItAB CONCEPT
TIVOLI OPERA HOUSE
N:XT SUMDAY AFTERNOON AT 2:30
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME.
Popular Prices, $1.50, $1, 75c and 50c
SEATS BEADY TO-MOR&OW
AT SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S.
COMING— GADSKI
Ben Greet's Players
To-XiRht an<l To-Morrow Night
MATS. TO-MORROW (Wed.) AND SAT.
MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING
THURS.. FRI. AND SAT. EVENINGS.
SPECIAL FRIDAY MATINEE.
TWELFTH NIGHT
The Wednesday and Friday Matinees are
given at 3:30. so that pupils and teach-
ers may attend.
RESERVED SEATS $1.50. $1 and 73c
BOX OFFICE SHERMAN CLAY & CO.'S.
SUMJLER RESORTS.
JtOBTH SHOBE HOTEL— On Tomalea
Bay. Good table and accommodations. Houit
tas-lighted. Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
SHIELDS. Marshalls. Marir. County. CaL
_^ A3IUSE31EXT8.
AAI IIIiiaEIIJI 8AJ RAK1SC01
GULUiylJBI A ieadb. hS-,?j
LAST FIVE NIGHTS
MATIXEE SATCRTJAT^
Charles B. DllUngham Present*
FRANK DANIELS
In the Laughing. Musical Beauty Show,
THE OFFICE BOY
-'--¦ _____ ¦ ¦ •'¦-
Beginning NEXT MONDAY NIOHT.
lF!r-t Time Here)
The Greatest Musical Comedy Ever "Written.
SAN TOY
With JAMES T. POWERS
And others of tho Original N«w Tork Cast,
Seat Sal« Begins Thuradajr.
At 1 T H 1 HDD A Bl * Htxt 8Mdiy In - 4t
the ALllAlllIilvA Twelve Concerts
Matinees Taes.. Tburs.. Sat. and Sunday.
C*AIIC A SEAT sale Bsonrs
\ 1 § I N A TO-MORKOW
U \J V U rl At Shermaa. Clay U Co.'a.
PDTF^ Evtnlngi, 11 50, $1. 73o. 80c
laitCj _Utin«es. $1. 75o, 50c.
t __ _____ • i i ¦
e?tRA|Wi)|jHoust
-szmrcrsiASTXc xtscsprxov
Of the Famous G«nnan Comic Opera
RASTELBJNDER
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
EVERY NICHT
MATINEE SATCRDAT.
SAME PRICES 23c. 80c. T5c
/— CALIFORNIA—^
POS1TTVELT THE LAST WEEK •
Of the Enormous Musical Comedy Hit.
The * j
Tenderfoot
With PHILLIP H. RYLET and Bl»
Nsw York Company ot Sixty.
•. V N«xt Sunday.
Hoyt% "A TEXAS STEER." !
Greatest cast since original production.
Including:
EARRT B. EMERT. WILI, H BRAT
and MAT L. STOCKTON. ',
H W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
THIS WEEK J I S r ts I gSr. THIS WEEK
By Special Arrangement with
KLAW A ERLAN'GER
Oliver Morosco offers a spectacular production
, of that sublime drama of the Orient.
A JAPANESE
NIGHTINGALE
An adaptation from the novel of Onoto
Watanna.
i PDlppC Night. 23c. 35c and SOe.
rHlvL>_) A few front rows of orchestra 75c
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
TED E7BOX,
The Biosrraph, Saowinsr "Pencnal."
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Eveninr in tie Theater.
TAKE A ftTDB ON THE
M3WIATXTRE ELECTWC B&ILBOAO.
SEVEN BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN 9o
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
rdldtC see tho beautiful
j COURT Lounging
JUKI room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
r__— J PALM ROOM, the
(irsiiu louis xv par *
uiuuu LOR, and the LA-
D A i rt i_ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
A^VE^T^ g J^rryTS. ' '^ /*
A 22 } eznziejit'2>oclor MateS
jtbst Diwokesnesisis Csusti ymJaL
».IH>t^tlr~*».-i.»*SM.»~erv' ' '
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND i_L_2CTRIC CO-
4x S POST STREET. ;THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11; 1904;
10
. SPIB~TUA_.I3M — Continued.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium and life
reader; cir. f* eve'g 10c; read dally. 43 6th.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test clrclo to-
nlght, 10c; readings dally. 619 McAllister.
W. G KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st. ¦
C. V. MILLER'S select seance Thursday, 8
p. m.; $2; friends only. 10S4 Bush st.
DEAD-TRANCE medium; genuine, unique,
successful. 114 McAllister st. ; no sign.
OABPCT BEA^IW>^Ajro^OIi~A~Tg~Q;
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed .
sir at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479^
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 355-357 Tehama st. TeL South 40. •
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1309 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAUE-
DORN _ CO.; phone Mission 225.
CONKLING'B Superior Carpet Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 128.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
co^MCTio— orricES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 55S0.
DENTISTS. |
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all. work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ar«
made; old places made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up: crowns, $2 up; fllllns3.25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, S5c; crowns, $2; no
paln;open Sundays. DrA.C. Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary
st. to cor. Sutter and Grant av>.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlste. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTEESSSS.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew '-
art'a button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor
EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYERS, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day. eve. 723 Market.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mln.. mech., sar-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1864; Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
CLASSES in short story writing and Journal-
Ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. rn..
, 833 Phelan bldg: terms very reasonable.
MISS MacNEIL. piano teacher; also coach for
tennis and club swinging. 38 Glen Park ave..
off Twelfth St., bet. Mission and Howard.
BOOKKEEPING, Ens., math., etc.; day and
eve.; Individual lnstr. 305 Larkin st.. Prof.
T. A.' ' Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van N«ss
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— MOVED to-12Sl Market St.; large* aunny
quarters, j Western Business College. '
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFlIlppe'sAcademy
of languages, 1018 Post; est. 1S71; ablest profs.
VOCAL lessons; competent teacher; $3 per
month. K, box 2301. Call office.
CHICAGO Business College, 1435 Market— Posl-
tlons, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano;
beginners & adults; 50c. 2395 Mission, cor. 20.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club, $1 per mo. 823 Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor"ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. '"_ Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine at.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. S45 Halght;
individual lnstruc. : all branches; day, eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate avc. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
EMPLOYMENT OFFZCSS.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid!
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE -Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
• be?t help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr., tel. Bush 850.
RELIABLE Japanese -Chinese Employment Of-
flcs; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JE^P^LOYMJENT^WA— TED — FEMAIE.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to~do
housework or cooking. 52 HoIUs st. bet
O'Farrell and Ellis, near Buchanan. '
RELIABLE German woman wants housework
, In small family; city or country; $35 a
' month. Call 794 Folsom St.. near Fourth.
A NEAT young girl wishes a position to take
care of children. Call 528 Harrison st., near
First.
DRESSMAKER: fancy and tailor dress de-
slgner; out by the day: $2; best ctty ref-
erences. 3C9 Octavia st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires work to
do at home; mimeograph specialty. Box 1434.
Call office.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wants a position In a
small family; wages $20.. Call at 1905 Mission.
GOOD washer and lroner wishes day work lu
families. Address Laundress, 145 Twelfth at.
DRESSMAKING wanted at 34 Sixth st.
"WANTED— By a refined American woman a
position as housekeeper for not more than 2
adults. Call or address WV, Moss st.
EXPERIENCED ¦ housekeeper, recently I from
England, .desires position In small family
S.. 230 Twenty-ninth st.
RELIABLE woman wants work at general
housework ; city or short distance country no
washing or windows: references; kind to c'hil-
dren; no postals; carfare. 436 H Clementina st.
LADY, thoroughly experienced stenographer In
mercantile work, also bill clerk, desires do-
sltion: salary not less than $50; best refpr
ences given. Box 2454. Call office.
A YOUNG girl Just from Germany wishes a
position; ud stairs or general housework
.'30G Tehama st.
WANTED-- Position as maid or nurse to grown
children: can do plain sewing, hair dresslj**
and manicuring. W..K.. 134 Fern ave.^ city!
" R: Sh_ A _ I Wat \ t? labeUn « b y «-ror piece work.
¦ w"7a * 8ffft -It. - , '"¦-',*.'. \ "* ' ¦ ?
YOUNG woman wants to work by the day or ,
»; gent s washins. Apply 7 Lilac ave.i
A" GOOD dressmaker, will accept, a position In
a family: will take care of a few rooml and
; assist with children and. sew; wages $20 to
$25 % and sleep home; -references. Box 2554,
"Call office. /
ELDERLY '. woman wants work at '•- general
- housework: city or short distance country: no
washing^ or windows; references; kind to
/.^children. iT 436V4 .Clementina st.
STENOGRAPHER, with * 4 i years' - experience.
; ¦! desires * position. - Address MISS. K. >. Mc-
TARVISH. 2667. Pine St.
EMPI^YMDEJTWAHTED-^SSSlSxHS
LADY with knowledge of French and Ger-
man and several years" experience in 'book-
keeping wishes position. Box 1426, Call
office*. Oakland.
LADY, thoroughly experienced stenographer
In mercantile work, also bill clerk, desires
position: salary not Xena than $50; best ref-
erences given. Box 2454. Call.
A COLORED woman wants work by the day:
washing. Ironing or work by week. 02SA
Pacific st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants place In pri-
vate family by month: city or country: good
reference. Box 2567, Call.
AN elderly American woman wants light
work; good home and $1O a month. Box
2909. Call office.
TYPEWRITING, copying, addressing envelopes
reasonable at MISS EDNA CRAMER'S, room
80tf. Mutual Bank building. ,
A LADY a position as a first-class
cook; best of refs.; wages $3O to $33 month.
Address 1205 Stockton st.. M. C. K.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day. $1 50; dresses altered, perfect
fit guaranteed. Address box 2445. Call.
COLORED girl wishes position as chamber-
maid or sewing. Phone Red 63S3. 566 Sutter.
TYPEWRITING of any kind. Room 604, 708
Market st. ¦
SWEDISH "girl wants position for general
housework; wages $13 to $18. 23S8 Bryant.
ADVERTISEMENTS, «ubscrtption» received at
Call Branch offlce.cor. Duncan" and Church sti.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Baxaar. 633 McAllister st.
XSMPXQ— -n-BTT WABTTXiP — MAU.
AA— A SOBER, first-class painter, paper-
hanger, tlnter and gralner desires a steady
position; please state particulars. Address
Painter, 1373 47th ave.. bet. I and J sts.
A THOROUGH constructing electric or steam
engineer, understands mining machinery and
railroad work; good references. Address
box 2365. Call office.
YOUNG man would like any kind of work at
night; understands running elevator. Box
2StiC t Cull office. t j
A YOUNG German married couple -wish a po-
sition. MAIBAUM. 653 Alcatraz ave.. Oak-
lam^
BARBER, young man. wants chance to learn
business. Address box 2979. Call office.
A GERMAN. _plddle-aged and single, wishes
a situation • clerk In grocery and barroom:
first-class references. W. BOHLTNG, 417
Kearny st.
BITUATION wanted by German (37) as sta-
bleman, laborer or any other kind of work.
Box 29t>0, Call office.
BUTLER wishes a position, city or country.
Box 2S45. Call office.
BTETWARD
With first-class Eastern references)
Wants a position, city or country.
Hotel or restaurant.
Box 2132. Call office.
A FRENCH couple, middle-aged, long experi-
ence In great family of Paris; apeak a little
English; wife very good cook, man as waiter
or do housework, wish situation, city or coun-
try. Box 2777, Call efflce.
ACCOUNTANT, young man. experienced au-
ditor and systematizer, familiar with all
modern methods; permanent or temporary;
excellent credentials; wages moderate. Box
2547. Call. ______
AUSTRIAN. 30 years old. epeaks English.
German Polish and Russian, wants position
as bookkeeper. caslMer or collector: city or
country; best references. Box 2424. Call.
GOOD all-round man wants position In pri-
vate place; understands care of horses, gar-
den; good driver; can milk; good references.
Box 2515. Call office. .
PLUMBER, licensed and Independent, wants
work from property owner by the day or
-week- has all necessary shop tools. Box 2SO4,
Call office. . ,
CAPABLE man, age SO, desires position as
secretary and correspondent or responsible
outside position; best references. Address
box 2792, Call office.
I
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants sets of books to keep, opening and
closing books, exptrting accounts, etc Box
2263. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter ieslres po-
sition; four years' experience with railroad;
best references. Box 2413. Call office.
WANTED— Situation as night watchman. Jan-
itor, porter, collector or work In prtvate
' place; Al references. Box 2231, Call office.
OCULIST from East of considerable experi-
ence desires position with optician. DR.
PHILLIPS. 204 Oregonlan bldg., Portland,Or.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, 1 year's experi-
ence, to do tracing or detailing. Box 2430,
Call office.
POSITION wanted by salesman with eight
years experience: an Al worker; best of ref-
erences. Box 2896, Call.
MAN to learn plumbing trade; wiping to work
for small wages after experience; would be
willing to become & partner. Box 2S59. Call.
GLAZIER wants Job. city or country. Ad-
dress C Z.. 217S Sutter st.
WANTED — Situation as specialty salesman.
Box 2574, Call.
YOUNG man, 30 years of age, wishes position
as porter; references or bond given. Box
29S6. Call office.
WANTED — Steady work on large fruit ranch;
driving team; wages $30 and found. Call or
address C. STRIEGEL. 204 Third it.
CUTTER, could also manage tailoring estab-
lishment, looking for position In cr outside
of city. Box 244S, Call office.
A RELIABLE man wants position as night
watchman; references. Address I. B., 756
Folsom *t.
GARDENER wants eltuatlon: competent to
grow a collection of orchids; best of refer-
ences. Address box 2476. CaU.
GERMAN gardener, married. Uko work by day
or month in city. Box 2431. Call efflce.
YOUNG man wishes position as salesman; ex-
perienced. Box 2987. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS machinist and tool -maker; will
go anywhere. Box 1563. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as hostler In livery stable.
Address R. S.. 1809 Stockton et.
BOY of IS would like to drive wagon. Box
2444, Call office. "
WANTED — Position as collector: references
No. 1 and bonds furnished. Box 2421, Call.
CARPENTER, competent, desires work by
contract or otherwise. 2027 Taylor st.
CHINESE., excellent cook, very nic© refer-
ences, wishes a situation In family; city or
country; wares $-35. Address 734A Jackson
St.. room . 21. phone- China 148, . between 8
. and 11 a. m. •
WANTED — Position by a first-class Chinese
cook; family or boarding-house. E. L.. 1113
Clay ft.; tel. Black 3658.
A CHINESE cook wants position in hotel. F.
B., 914 Dupont st.
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants situation In
i . private family. CHING WING, 002 Clay st.
A YOUNG Japanese boy.' gentle and honest,
wants position as waiter on table cr. bellboy
in hotel; speak9 English freely. G. Y.
1TOU, 712 Sutter st. _ ,
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants position to do
housework In private family. Address 1913
Mission St.; phone Capp 3G73.
YOUNG Japanese boy .wants a position as
sehoolboy. G. ARIMORI. 429 Stevenson m. ;
phene Jessie 2381.
A JAPANESE young boy wants position as
schoolboy in a family. Postal address. HIRO,
527 Dupont st.
JAPANESE wants position to run elevatgr or
any kind of work in store or hotel.- J.
HORR/Y. 52S Stevenson et. ' ¦ ;
JAPANESE wants to wash dishes and wait at
table every night, and Sunday work. ¦ HAR-
RY. 1410 Pine St.. San Francisco; pnone
Hyde 171. - - - - .
JAPANESE with references wtshes position as
cook; French. German or any style cooking;
city; private family; good wages. 935 Sac-
ramento et.'
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position: wash
dtsttvs or housework; understands some Ene-
lUh.T. NAKAMURA, 744. Post St.. ,J.J -* .,
JAPANESE High School student -wishes posi-
tion In family;^ good worker. GEORGE.
121 HslKht st. .
BPSI-TJ5SS CH&KC-S — Contlnned.
A — CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
S Eddv st.. cor. Market and Powell..
Headquarters for all klnde of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city: fine chance for
summer outins. also for winter 6hooting'and
fishins: comnletely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic sreneratora for
making own pas; toilets, closet*, everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over nlgr.t; perfect little home; owner
obliged to tro East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. _ Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding eta-
ble; best coast city in California: 60 stalls;
rent only $75 per month; well stocked with
horses, bu__iea, hacks and coupes: long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy gt.
FOR eale— Several good business propositions
for investors, such a.s flvst-claas laundry. Ice
cream manufaetoury. bakeries, furnishing
good*, menthandlse," country hotels, restau-
rants and many other prouositlons too nu-
merous to mVnuon : wculd be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real i«tate,
rooming-house* and business chances. CAM -
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AN ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city; 7
acres in shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished: 3
bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery:
many otaer attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct: clears $4000 per
S«ar; price $2200. For further particulars
¦ee CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy 6L
FOR eale — One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wo °d. coal, lime and cement businesses In
S. F. : cheap rent: horses and wagons, all
equipments; present owner has made a. far-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S0O per month; trial given if
desired; part down. CAMERON & CO.
MILLINERY store, -new stock, rent $90.. $1100
Cigar stand, Mascn st., rent $20 flOO
Cigar stand. 7th st., rent low; sell at Invoice.
Drug store, across bay, rent $30 \$_500
Saloon, Folsom, liv. rms., well stockeJ..*HOO
Saloon, O'Farrell st., license,, rent $00 .*150O
Restaurant, Third st., well est., seats 5S.$.J0O
Restaurant. 4th St., rent $22 50, seats 46.$3_5
Grocery and bar, liv. rms., rent $20 ?350
Bak. and Ice cream par., wagon route.. $2500
General store. 5 living rooms, rent $25... $000
SAWYER-BLETHEX CO..
HIS Market St.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
EF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to selL#
J. W. JAQU1TH.
1312 Market St.
Rooms 418-41U. Telephone Folsom 8468.
$600 AND 6ervices secures a half Interest In
old-established m'f'g. business, clearing $.100
to $400 monthly; party must be able to man-
age office or shipping department; must b«
sober, industrious. Brookbank, 817 Markot.
PARTNER wanted that is reliable and honest;
light Indoor business; established for years;
pays at least $S5 per month to each; very
small capital required. S7 3d St., room 14.
WANTED — Steady, active young man partner
for office work; old established real estate
business that will pay him $150 month and
over. Call room 437 Parrott bldff.
GENUINE bargain — Best saloon In Haywards:
centrally located; long lease; selling account
sickness; investigate this. Address P. O.
bo_ 527, Haywards.
I WANT a Protestant Christian party to
finance me In the real estate business. 'Box
27C3, Call office.
BEST roadhouse in Alameda County. KIRCH-
NER & MAXTE, Ninth and Franklin sts.,
Oakland.
GROCERIES and saloons for sale at 1108
Webster Et.. Oakland.
BAKERY and notion store; owner Is sick; good
business. Apply 26S1, Twenty-first st.
$175 — 8-R00M house: rent $27 60; must s*U at
once. Call 357 Fourth €t.
OYSTER and chop house; cheap. 32S9 Mission
st.. opp. Twenty-ninth. . •
$5000 — CAPITAL for manufacturing business;
lady or gentleman; splendid opportunity.
Box 2579, Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale south of and close to
Market St.; laundry branch In connection.
Box 1291. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS grocery store and bar for sale.
Apply SIEBE BROS. & PLAGEMANN.
$175 — CANDIES a'nd pastry; 3 finely furnished
rooms and large basement. 525 Taylor st.
FOR sale, cheap — A delicatessen and dairy
produce store, with 4 r. and b. 2205 Mission.
GROCERIES and saloons for sale at 1103
Webster st.,. Oakland.
FOR sale — Half Interest In a two-chair barber
shop: cheap. Apply at 573% Bryant st.
A SAFE Investment for man and wife; full
Investigation allowed. Address box 1593, Call.
FOR Bale — 2-chalr barber chop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
WANTED to buy — A saloon; location must b«
good. Bex 1276. Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100b Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. -m. '
I.ODGI-TG--COUSE3 FOB SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
S Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to .$350 per month; here Is
best proposition in city.
7-room modern flat; close In; well*furnlshed;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
10S rooms; rent only $5 B0 per room: long
leass; up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make offer;
exclusively' with us.
ftO-room. new, modern 2 and 8 room apart-
ment-house; , cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
180 rooms; grand,\new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;'cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; > sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown; fine, respectable, money-
making house; part down, balance . reasonable
Interest.
9-room flat; rent only, $50: water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
128 rooms, cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-dater downtown hcuse; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month: must sell on
account of other business; only with us. ¦
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city: clearing now $300 per, month; every-
thing first-class- condition; will, trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in. California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; \-ery central; sood fur-
niture and carpets; clears ' $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer. ¦ . - »-¦_.-
34 rooms; cheap rent: thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced^ to $2600. .
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for, exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS. . .
MITCHELL<& CO .............
? : 1206 Market St. :.:....;... .Phone Jessie 2981
I'.ot-mins; » and apartment ' houses, hotels I and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed
MITCHELL 4; CO ... ......
-T-Tahcxai..
first mortgage gold bonds.
Secured by the best of Income bu3;r.»s» p-o*.
erty under long guaranteed lease; qiarvrly
interest.
Bend for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (IXf >
1172 Broadway, Cor. 14th St..
Oakland.
COMPANIES Incorporated: new Wens; pre-
ferred, guaranteed stocks; preferer.-iai d:vt-
dends; big excitement mining: hurry ur>; do
it now; stock sold for you; Eastern connec-
tions; out-of-town clients solicited; alv«
free. Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Cross-
ley building. San Francisco.
WANTED— Party frith from J30CO t3 510,000
to Invest In a legitimate business, fully M -
tablished; ' oald SO per cent net last year;
full Investigation courted. W. M., box 2831.
Call office. "
PLATS TO -ET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list'
•ervice absolutely free; talcs advantage oi
this department; It will live you tim» and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-23S Qe_ry
WL. on the square.
STEINER. 22341J, corner Gr-enwlch — 2 Cn*
flats, 3 and 4 rooms; $12-$10 a month- «e»
them. BUP.NHAM & MARSH CO.. 211 iTont-
. gomery st.
ASHEURY St., between Hafght and Page: new
4 and 5 room flats; everything swell; Janitor
service: come and see them.
$23 — GRAND flat: 6 rooms; all modem, and
nunny; grand view. 73B Dolcres st., comer
Liberty.
GRAND sunny- flat; 7 rooms, all modem: rent
I very low to responsible party. 871 Valencia
St., near Twentieth.
NEW sunny fiats of 6 rooms and bath: tinted
in latest style and everything up to date.
3152 and 3154 Twenty-sUth st. ; $23.
ELEGANT, new, sunny 6-room flat; t32 30; 1
block north of Market at. 163 Noe St., .near
Fifteenth.
BRODERICK. l«20, near Sutter— Elegant new
modern flat. 7 rooms and bath; sunny ex-
posure ; key lot.
$32 50— NEW flat of 7 r. & b. : large yard and
garden for children: sun all day. NW. cor.
Fulton and Scott, opp Alamo square.
CENTRAL, mo<fern flat; 5 rooms, bath. 1030
Sacramento st., above Powell.
ELEGANT bay-window flat. • rooms, bath.
735 Minna St.. west of Ninth.
FINE upper flat: grand marine view; 8 larga
rooms.bath. S.E.cor. Jones st. and Broadway.
FUT.T0N 1 . 118 — Good middle flat. 7 rooms,
bath; near City Hall.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
en LYON & HOAC. 116 Montgomery st.
MISSION warm belt: 2 new, sunny Cats.
1122-1124 Guerrero st.
NATOMA, 714. near Nlntli — Upper flat. 4 sunny
rooms; large yard; rent $14.
NICE 3-room flat; quiet. 5.S Angelica «t.. near
Nineteenth, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
NICE upper flat. 7 rooms and bath. $23. 130
Noe St.. near Fifteenth: Castro car.
FLATS TO IET — -"JB-nS-tlTD.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of five
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. Apply
•ally between 1:30 and 3 p. ra.. 79 Sout_
Park. . ..
HANDSOMELY fur. modern Cats, 4. 5 and »
r.: sun; rent reas. ; 2 to 5 p. m. 434 Bartlett.
ELLIS. 736 — 6 or 8 rms.. finely furnished: va-
cated Oct. 1. Call bet. 1 & 4 p. ra.. premises.
TXu-TS FOB SALE— TTX BSTISKXSD.
UPPER flat of seven rooms at 60 G«ary st.
for sale as a whole or by piece; great sacri-
fice on accotmt of sickness: flat for rent.
1782 SUTTER — 7-room flat: 8 completely fur-
nished; all new; will sell for $300: rent $35.
FOR sale. ch*ap — Five furnished rooms; oak;
rent $15. water free; carhouse 2 to 4 p. m.
306^ Sixth st.
BARGAIN — Nine rooms and bath furnished:
cheap rent. 72S Howard «t.; must be sold
before October 15.
NICELY furnished modern flat for *&!». 1974
Folsom St.. near Sixteenth.
CONTENTS of 7 rooms; must b» sold by JTo-
vember 15. 1516H Vallejo st.
rUBN-TUBE FOB **¦*¦?,—
H. MEYER & CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 732 Mission; tel. Bush 813.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 CO down. $1 SO
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co., 340 Post st.
FUB24 _x u __ WAUTED.
_________ —_-____
Salesroom. 1133 Market st. TeL Jess!* TCI.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlc* fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture t*"l
dealers or will sell on commission. I* H.
BURP, anc. 1638 Market: phone Jeiaie 233ft.
HELP WAlgTITD--FE_tA__B.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVEilALJLS — NO EXPE-
RIENCE KECE SSARY; GOOD PAYl
STEADY WORK. LEVI 8TBACS3 * CO-
tZVj FREMO^rr ST. APPLY TO US.
PAVI3.
EXPERIENCED SHIRT OPERATORS, AN_»
A LIMITED NUMBER TO LEARN. STAJTD-
ARD FACTORY. COR. OOCGH AND GROVB
STREETS.
WANTED — Competent servant: general house-
work; none other need apply: small family;
good wages. MRS. H. WHITE, 17S1 Green «t.
FAST, expert lady stenographer and typewriter
by. wholesale firm; must have> knowledge) of
Spanish: good salary tor right party. Box
2764. Call office.
A NEAT, reliable girl; cooking- and general
housework; references; $28. 311 Cola st.,
near Halght.
, GIRLS wanted. Box dept.. Mutual I_ and I*
Co.. Second and Bryant sts.. Bryant-st.
• ' entrance.
GOOD hands on -vests for machine work and
buttonhole; also finisher. 641H Ste-enson st.
WANTED — A young girl for g-neral house-
work: no cocking; small famny.lS31 Eddy st.
WANTED — F^rst-class bushelmen and Dress-
ers. S13 Mission st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework: good
home; wages $10. nil Scott it., near Eddy.
WANTED— First-class cafe waitress; wags*
$10 per -reeek. 304 Mason st.
PANTS finishers; must be expert-need- also
good sewers. 245 Ninth st.
WANTED— Good finisher on coats and vests
for Sacramento. J. SMITH. 773 Market st.
YOUNG t\rl to mind C-lMxtn; no washing.
S22 Twenty-ninth at.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m. ¦ Wednesday: salary no object.
WAIST hands wanted st 1407 La__na. st.
WANTED — First-class operators on vests:
wages no object: also finishers. 603 E!ll3 st.
WANTED-— Middle-aged woman for dowostalrs
work and -coflklna;: small washing: good
i wages. Call or address 347 Chetwood St..
Oakland. ,
-LADIES to learn barber trade In S wnlcj; also
halrdressing and manicuring In 4 weeks; cat-
alogue mailed free. Meier Barber College,
¦ 6-10 Sacramento st.
EXPERIENCED, tewicg machine operators oa
overalls, coats and jumpers; steady work.
~ LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32*» Tremont st.
Apply to Mr. Davis.
WASTED — A German girl for second work:
wages . $23; call after 3 p. ra. dally. 517
'Buena Vista ave.; take Halght st car; ft
off at Central av«.
.1OHX ». SPB^KEI^j^^^ro^ietor
Address Coca lun'c—t'.ons to
W. J. E f A«TIX ?? riBn-L-aw ?at-n~g<«'
TELEPHONE.
A«k fcr TTIE CALL. Tha Operator WOLCem-
_ect Ycu With the Departnwnt You Wisn.
TubllcaUon OffW Market and Third S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by earr^rsT^-Cts. Per ™*k. 73
«ts. Ter Month. Single Copies 8 «»¦
Trrn-.s ty Mail. Incladln. Postage (Cash With
Order) : „ _.
DAILY CALL andnd. Sunday). lyeK-'J'™
PA-LT CALL (iadtad. Sunday*. 6 mos... 4.W
PAILY CAUL— By Sir.ple Month „•?«
Fl'XDAY CALL. 1 Year — •Jj
WEEKLY CALL I Y^ar „ g. •»£ —„
FOREIGN \ Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE (weekly l 00 Per Tear ExtTa
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTH°. RIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTION B.
E_r_p> Conies wilU be forwarded -ben re-
ouested. . .
Mail, subscribers in ordering ch *?«f H °£-^
_res» should b« particular to give «>oth >i. w
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance, w.tn tneir re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1 016 Broafiwiy Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
fI4S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
E A_UE_ W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wa!<5orf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brer.taco, 31
rr.ion Square; Murray Bill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel ar.d IloSzan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fh»rn__i House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House: Auditorium
Hotel: Palmer liouse.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEOP.GE KROGNESS, Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2019. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEFIIEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
ccrntr Market and Third street*: open until
12 o'clock e\ery night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOTS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 V. rn.
t_7 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 d. rn.
COO Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister street; open ur.til 9:30 p. m.
t.\o Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1&41 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
J06 Eleventh «=tr<?et; open until 9 p.m.
3O»6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen ur.til 9 p. ie.
2T00 Fi:!mcre Etreet; opert until 9 p. ra .
SIEETISO ROTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. «
M. will exemrJUv the firet degree be- NrNf
fore the Grand Lodge THIS (TL'ES- /V\
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By
crdtr of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. <_
M., Masonic Vc-rnple — Third degree
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING at /V\
7:30 o'clock. Master Masons cordial-
ly invited. HENRY E. PENNELL, W. M.
A. S. Hl'BBARD, SecrPtary.
THE officers and members _. -rm
ol Golden Gate Camp No. EM
' 4 . U <-.:-c::i t!-.p - : -r.<'ra! C^jv_&a_y_lj2/
of our late neighbor. I. "EaSaf**"**^^^
M. HALSING. TO-DAY
• TUESDAY; at 2 p. m.. from the undertak-
ing parlors of Bunker & Lunt. Mission Ma-
Eor.ic Hall buil-ling. 2CO<5 Mission et.
W. D. FERGUSON. Consul Commander.
JOHN T. O'DONNELL. Clerk.
THU reg_!ar monthly meeting of the Laborer*'
Protective A*!oclation will be held In Teu-
tcnia Hall. 132<> Howard St.. on WEDNES-
DAY EVENING. October 12. All members
art requested to attend; business of impor-
tance to transact. By order
M. COX. President.
M. DOLAN. Secretary.
AUSTRALIANS — The members of the Aus-
tralian "Coo-ee" Club will be pleased to wel-
come other Australians at their next meet-
ing. Kindly communicate with T. W. BEW-
Lt-Y, 302 California «..
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting. — Notice is hereby
riven th*t the annual meeting of th« stock-
fcolfier* of the Eank of California will be held
at the bankine-house in this city on TUES-
DAY. October 11, 1904, at 11 o'clock a. m.
By crder cf the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 r-8~s. in - -rar per, for mailing. 81 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
HOLIDAY becks; samples ready; best lines;
all publishers; bett line of subscription
bookr: best terms; agents and canvassers
wanted every county and town. THE J.
DEWING CO.. Flood building. 8. F.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition lhat is
a decided Improvement oa building and loan
is worth having.- Great Wv»tern Improve-
mtr.t Coy.pany. Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED canvassers. J6 to $9 day. 1114
Washington *t.. Oakland, r. 3; 10 to 12 a.m.
INKI.ESS fountain pens: sample 15e; dozen
SI r.O: retails 2T.c. FIELD CO.. 119 Bush at.
ATTOE,Bn-YS-AT-_.AW.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor: entrance room 611; established 20
year*; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance cr for consulta-
tion: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free en all legal matters: divorces a
epeci&lty; private, quick: no pay In advance;
miring companies organized ; patents obtained.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st. ; estab. 22 yrs.
AAA — DIVORCE costs, $12: quick, quiet.
Advice free; all law business.
No charge unless successful.
If O5 Market Ft., cor. Seventh, room 419.
AA— Divorce; costs $12; qulck.q_let;advlee free;
sll law buMne**: no charge unless euccess-
ful; open evenings. 927 Market St., room 801.
ADVICE free: divorce coets $12; no fees or
coetj la cdvance ; all law business; office
open Saturday evening*. 619 Market «t.. r. 33.
ADVICE fi-*; divorce ccsts $12; quick, quiet;
«:i law busirieFs; no charge unless Buecess-
fui; oix-n evenings. 027 Market, room 204.*
W.Slatth'we, C32 Market St.; consultation free;
private ar.d confidential : no -dvance fees;
collertior.fc. mechanics' ller.y. tenants ejected.
PATENTS. American and foreign. SONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine rt.. gth floor.
L. 6. CLAF.K. 827 Market, room 304; consulta-
*.:m free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
ASTHMA. CUBE.
DI NCLA'S Ast_s_i Remedy relieves Instantly
10c, 25c. 50c. IG02 Market. St. Nicholas 1
al»i> Wirt ert. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
ASTROLOGY.
ZOBEIDE, astrologer; p*ycr!e. occult and ss-
trologic-l readings. 8 Mason St.. rooms 1-2.
AUTOMOBILES.
WHITE touring car, complete: bargain con-
sidering car: top, searchlight, baskets. Box
2S21. Call office.
WHITE touring car for eale. • $13 50. Box
1292. Call office.
AN automobile for tile. $500. Eox 13M, Call
office.
balm or rigs.
A POSITIVE cure wt*?re all- others fail; all
diseases of --omen: $2 per month. 804 Larkin
ft., upstairs.
BIBOS. SOGS. ETC.
HARTZ Mountain canaries & African gray p«r-
rot» just reolved. A." C Robiaon. 21} Kearny.
BOABPI— G FOP CHILDREN.
WANTED— CUiH to board: jcod homt: best of
<ar? nMr school. ISOO Mission St.. nr. 15th.
CLOTHIKG BESr 97^TIBrG.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. 51 : scouring and
Eyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r 410-
thoct Drumia 44. Call ior. and deliver free, •
IS OFTEN THE
RESULT
LODGING-HOUSES FOB BALE— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN!
ROOM 400, EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market sts.. tel Black 36O7; free list of
hotels and rooming-houses for sale. W r E GTJAR-
ANTEE GOOD TITLES. MONEY TO LOAN.
City and Country Real Estate for Sale.
WE ESPECIALLY RECOMMEND a 33-room
house, north of Market; price reduced to
$2500; $1000down. $25 monthly and low In-
terest; nice, quiet, permanent roomers; clear-
ing $138 monthly guaranteed; owner anxious
to go Eaat immedlatejy^^ g _ aF __ k>
MUST BE SOLD by Oct. 14 — A thoroughly re-
spectable rooming-house, centrally located
and most beautifully furnished In velvet and
birdseye maple: 50 rooms: rent $6 per room;
now clears $200 monthly; when full, clears
$300; 5-year lease: make your own offer to
MARION GRIFFIN.
QILT EDGED.
$10,000 (first payment) secures one of the
largest and most- popular apartment-houses
In this city; everything strictly first class.
—Profit over $6000 Annually—
See My Eale Agent, MARION GRIFFIN.
PROFIT $174 monthly — A respectable corner
42-room house; price $3000; % cash; rent
$125; 5-year lease. If you say so; 2 floors;
fine entrance. MARION GRIFFIN.
FOURTEEN-ROOM house In jqulet location,
north of Market; eunny side of street; prlca
5800, % cash and $10 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
UNEQUALED TERMS — $400 secures a respect-
able 21-room lodging-house, 3 blocks of Mar-
ket: price down to $1100; we back you for
all over $400; rent $00; clears $70 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN, 406 Examiner Bldg.
IC. B.— Only $500 down; we back you for bal-
ance; elegantly furnished apartments; re-
spectable; $75 banked monthly; roomers take
care of their own rooms; 24 rooms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
LADIES, if you want a fine rooming-house,
above reproach, come and see a swell, fash-
ionable 40-room house on Sutter St., clear-
lng $150 monthly. MARION GRIFFIN.
15 ROOMS; Market st.; rent $60 $1000
6-room flat; rent $20 $250
24 rooms; rent $60 $900
12 rooms: rent $45 $500
24 rooms; rent $105; will trade for land. $2400
23 rooms; rent $140: north of Market. . .$1050
SAWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
. 1118 Market st.
12-R00M house: only $20 rent; $600 cash; well
furnished. 525 Jessie St.. bet. 6th and 7th.
COUNTRY HOTEL v WANTED.
$r-000 to $eOOO — WANT furniture and leasa of
first-class country hotel in live town; 75 to
100 rooms wanted, with bar; give full par-
ticulars; will give in exchange $1500 to $2000
In cash and first-class $3500 boarding-house,
best location in San Francisco; handsome
furniture, favorable lease. Address box 2545,
Call office.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A Phenomenal $3 Mental Reading for $1.
The great — ELLSMERE — Ellsmere — The
great Egyptian seer, palmist, medium; the
greatest clairvoyant In the world; tells your
np.me, what you called for, whom and when
you will marry, about business, etc.; Ellsmere
U different from other clairvoyants because he
does what they claim to do; things that are
beyend ordinary understanding, things that
seem impossible; he gives you information, re-
lief, success, satisfaction, power and control
of any character affecting any one or anything
past, present or future; he tells you Just what
you may expect and what to do for your best
Interests In any matter; he awakens a natural
fore© within and around you, giving you a se-
cret power to remove the cause of any trouble,
influence, unhapplness. disease, poverty, failure
or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens up
a way for success and happiness you desire; a
power to secretly change the thoughts, actions,
habits or Intentions of any one. even miles
away; remember there Is no guesswork when
you consult him; if affairs of the heart or emo-
tions of love interest you, he gives exact and
truthful advice on all love affairs; h» advises
ycu how to settle lovers' quarrels and enables
you to win the esteem and love of any one you
derire.
3 offices 1007% Market st. 8 o-f flees.
Open Sunday, every day, 10 to 8. Mall, $2.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.
Hundreds are lifted from bad health, bad
luck, love, domestic and business troubles,
by the aid and advice. of the popular clair-
voyant,
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
His former $5 reading this week for $1.
Read Carefully An Honest Proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
No Charge . . No Charge
Unless you obtain the Information for which
you consult him.
I ho hereby solemnly agree to guarantee to
make no. charge If I fall to tell your name
and what you want to know. I tell If hus-
band, wife or sweetheart Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
will tell every hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; I will Improve
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength in mental and bodily vigor,
and luck that insures success in business,
mining and speculation; I implant controlling
power in your nature so you can fascinate
any one you desire, win the one you love,
bring back your loved one and cause mar-
s rlage with the one of choice; 10 a. m. to S
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st. — 326.
A— THE EMINENT
RICHARD MAYO.
THE GREATEST LIVING ADVISER ON
THE CONTINENT.
This week $1— His $10 reading— $1 this week.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
I demonstrate to the entire satisfaction of my
patrons that I am in a position to advise them
in all matters of life, whether on business, do-
mestic troubles, health, or on social lines. If
you desire to have your lost love returned,
your enemies converted Into stanch friends — In
a word, whatever may be your troubles, suspi-
cions or desires — call on this* gifted man. -He
will tell you frankly your condition, what you
may expect. If nothing can be done for you
he will not accept one dollar of your money.
He tells everything, good or bad. .You hear
the truth and nothing but the truth. As a test
in his readings he tells you your name, age,
and what you want to know, giving dates,
facts and figures. All business sacred+y confi-
dential. Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m., dally and
Sunday. •
421 Ellis si Don't ring. Walk In.'
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and j business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Exam-
iner bldg. ; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description "of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented • or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
j bles, consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. > Black ' 4569.
FROM all sections they come to witness the
wonderful demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would It not
be a relief to know how you will succeed,
to be relieved of the matters that are troub-
" ling you and of the schemes of your enemies,
that you may meet with better success? Then
for a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE.
428 Eddy st.; three separate reception par-
lors: lady attendants; hou/s 10 a. m.-8 p. m.
MME. PORTER, celebrated 'clairvoyant, me-
I dlum, born with double veil and second sight,
gives. lucky days; tells past, present, future.
Ladles 60c; G.,by cards. $1: palmistry, clalr-
voyant sittings. $1 50. 303 Jones, near Eddy.
A — Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
. . tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
i tlon; names given: special. $1; hours 10 to 3.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 6. to 8. Phone South 1141.'
MISS ZEMDAR; young, gifted clalr. and palm.:
reveals love, marriage, ¦ business, etc.: L. 50c,
• G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. ALTHEA, trance- clairvoyant; call and
¦ '-, be convinced: wonderful powers. 108 Sixth
tt.; hours 3 to 11 p. m.
MME. GABRIEL/ Eastern palmist; card read-
er; • 12 to 6. 765 Max ket.r. 2. , opp.Phelan bldg.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c.
.gents 50c. -951 Mission, nr. ; 6th; i open Sun.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
er;, readings 25c; 2 to 9 p.. m. . 512 Jessie 8t.
MADAM MARIA, card reader. 110% Langton
st. : (No bIzb.) ' -, . •
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c, up. 612% Eddy: St.; no sign.
MRS. BAUMANN.i the well-known fortune-
teller. Ik now at 317 Ellis at. • ,
: . SPIIMTTTAI.IS3g.
MOVED— Mrs. " J. J. : Whitney, clairvoyant.
¦ business medium and life reader.* St. Kath-
.ryn. 4S0 Kills st.. corner. Leaven worth, room
¦ 221;: no signs.,. ¦ ' ,-.- >. y. . . . ;¦ ..¦¦'. - .
C. MAYO STEERS.' trance medium.' 305 Larkin,
: joom^g; readings; 1 .to;5;»tel.,«outh 319.
BUSINESSJCHANCE^
NO TRIFLERS NEED TO APPLY.
IF YOU MEAN BUSINESS,
¦ Bee R. G. WILKE. 26 & Kearny st.
Department store; dry goods, clothing and
rarpets; business established 35 years and
known as one of the best paying mercantile
establishments acrcss the bay; stock will in-
voice to about $35,000; owrv»r to retire; will
accept Vi cash, balance on first-class security.
A— 51K0O; CORNER saloon in wholesale dls«
trict; no night or Sunday work; rent $75;
lease; a gocd paying business; value in sight;
owner engaged otherwise. See R. G. WILKE,
26 »a Kearny st.
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; W*estern
Addition; 5 living rooms; rent $45; 41* years'
lease; Fplendid location and good-paying bus-
lness. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $S0O; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place
aurrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying buslnese. Call R. G. WILKE, 26ft
Kearny «t.
A — $2800; CORNER bakery and confectionery,
ice-cream parlor, etc.; 4 fine living rooms;
rent $50: one of the best of its kind of busi-
ness In tbe «lty. See R. O. WILKE. 26tf
Kearny st.
A— $20cO: C.ORNER grocery and bar. with
living-rooms; rent $45; best location on Mil-
. «lon c_: place established years; fresh stock;
value In sight and a good paying store. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $560; CANDY, ice cream and tamale par-
lor on Devisadero st. and 3 nice furnished
rooms; rent $25; a bargain; owner sacrifices.
as he must leave the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $6500; saloon, with iO years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.; rent $250; return rent $175;
place doing good business; full value In sight;
a great bargain. See R.G.WILKE,26%Kearny.
A — $5000:. roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rovms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly Income $1000; one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A — $16C0; cigar stand, corner, choicest and best
location in this city; rent $40; large stock of
leading brands; will nearly invoice the price.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2C50; HOTEL, of 30 rooms; rent .'100; lease;
with fl— =t-clai6 paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. Se<s R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; close
to 4 theaters; rent $100; well established*
business; full value in sight; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— $6500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses, 2 hacks, 1 coupe, IS bug-
gies, harnesses, etc.; 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a first-class paying business; rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds.- 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; in lively
bueiness town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $900; CORNER saloon on Fourth St.; rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A — $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $2600; HOTEL in San Mateo County; 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
Ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A — $35O0; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
street; rent $60;. living rooms: stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $S0O; CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
$1600— SALOON; near Market; bargain; caU
at once. BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny bC
$500 — GROCERY and delicatessen; value in
sight; bargain. BERG & POPP. 813 Kea-r.y.
BEFORE you buy any business call and see
BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$3500 — SALOON, one block from Market: bar-
gain. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$3000— HOTEL and bar, 30 rooms, 45 board-
ers. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$1400— SALOON and merchants' lunch; whole-
sale district. See BERG & POPP. 318
Kearny rt.
$6500 — HOTEL of 76 rooms; cheap rent and
lease. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$3000— SALOON with lease; rent $S0; bargain.
Bee BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny et.
$600 to $2750— RESTAURANTS. In good loca-
tion; bargains. See BERG & POPP. 318
Kearnx st.
$375 to $1000 — CIGAR stands In good loca-
tion; bargains. See BERG & POPP, 318
Kearnj- st.
DO LOU WANT a nice, genteel business that
Is guaranteed to clear $3000 per annum on an
investment of $6500? Besides, for your In-
vestment ycu receive a stock of goods and
fixtures that will Invoice close to $9000; busi-
ness Is located In one of California's most
beautiful and prosperous inland cities, less
than 90 allies from San Francisco: long lease
with very reasonable rent on .building: such
an opportunity Is seldom offered and is
worthy your Immediate investigation. For
full particulars see
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 406. Examiner bldg., San Francisco, Cal.
A— KREDO & CO.. 765 MARKET ST.
WE— HAVE— IT.
$500 — Partner for commission business.
$450 — Roadhouse across the bay; snac
$600 — Hotel. 15 rooms; near the city.
$U.5O — Saloon with bulldlncs: no rent.
$6<"KXV— Swell saloon, cost $9000: lease.
$23O0 — Transient hoa«e. 26 rms. with bar.
$1100 — Lodging-house, 26 rms.; clears $100.
Full particulars at KREDO'ft CO.'S.
F. L. SKAGGS & CO.,
Hotel Brckers, 26 Montgomery St., B. 7.
Phone James 6301.
Hotels bought, leased, sold and exchanged In
any locality.
SALOON and restaurant-^-Best family resort
' in Watsonville; low rent and long lease;
limit of 25 saloon licenses in this city: doing
a good business. Address THE TAVERN,
Watsonville, Cal.
FOR sale — Eighth Interest In new steam
rchooner; oil burner: one of the best boats
on the coast; is paying 15 per cent net. For I
particulars address MRS. J. H. MANS-
FIELD, Redwood City. CaU
FOR sale — Good saloon In lire country town;
price $1650. ¦ Address FORE & WISEMAN,
Petaluma. Cal.
DRUG store; first-class corner; cheap; office'
rooms In connection; two years' lease. $30.
J. W. MULLEN. 27 Second •_
WANTED — Man and wife with $1500 to Invest
, In a good paying business. Address box
1594. Call office.
YACHTSMEN and business men — All kinds
of drawing and tracing will be done cheaj>
and exactly. . Box 1718. Call.
WANTED — To buy tailor shop or tailoring es-
tablishment In or outside of city. M. HEU-
LER. 3232 Seventeenth St., San Francisco.
A POSITION for the right party; worth $5000
a year If competent; $3000 required; money
fully secured. Box 2584, Call office. j
$250 — BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery, cor.
store;. 3 sunny rooms; rent 117 50; fine fix-
tures; good trade. Apply 235 Kearny st.
WILL sell half Interest In a good legitimate
business proposition that will net over 60
per cent profit. Address box 1907. Call.
FOR sale — New and second-hand furniture
store: about $2000; or exchange for chicken
ranch. 143S Mission st.
WANTED-t-To buy a restaurant In desirable
location. Address with particulars, box 1552.
Call office. . -
FINE corner delicacy, fancy groceries and
liquors, with 4 living rooms: can't be beat
Box £503. Call office.
FOR sale — A small grocery and bar. Inquire
at the Jackson Brewery; 1428 Mission st.
$500 — PARTNER In saloon, lunch and rooming
house. -Call 212 First st- ..
$$00— Grocery and bar; old establishment: long
lease: 4 living rooms; rent $25. 74S Brannan.
CALL at once; saloon for sale:, bargain; ¦ on
account of sickness. 141 Second st. .
SALOON for eale; location very central and
g<"od trade. Box 13C5. Call office. *
WANTED — A man as watchman on a steamer;
must have $200 security. Box 2534. - Call. ;
TWO • corner saloons; .* small ¦ cash payments,
balance time. ANDERSEN & PYE. 935 Mkt.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. OCTOBER 11, 1904.
11
BEAI, ESTATE — CITY — rOB 3AI.E
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 POST STREET
$l,S0O— Boyce st. ; nice cottage; lot 25xl2O.
near the car line.
$2U.0C0 — Franklin st., near O'Farrell. 3 elegant
modern flats of 7-7-0 rooms and bath;
r?nt for Sltio per month; lot 27:«5xS7:O;
always rented.
$?,50C— Lombard, near Van Ness ave.; 2 COt-
tazes of 4 rooms each; rent for $21
per month; superb view.
$7,5C0— Second ave., near the park; 2 flats
of 7 rooms and bath each: lot 18x110;
rent for $60 per month; $4300 may re-
main us mortgage.
$3,500— Fell St.. beautiful lot 25x131 :«: in a
choice location: suitable for residence
or flats.
$7,500— Laguna «t.. near Vallejo, 2 flat* of
7 rooms and bath each; rents for $50
per month; marine view.
$ft,500— -Liberty %t. ; residence of 7 rooms and
bath In the warm b»lt of the Mission;
lot 30x114: comfortable home.
$S.50O— Splendid building lot on Fair Oaks
' St.. 50x125; fine view; street bitumln-
Ized: will subdivide.
$3,400 — Twenty-fourth «t, near Castro. 2 cot-
j tages; front cottage 5 rooms and bath
and rear cottage; rent for $24 per
month: easy terms.
$6.130— Vivinity of First and Bryant 4 houses
of 6 rooms each; lot 23x160; rent for
$57 50 per month.
$13,WX> — Business property on Folsom st. ; 2
frontages, 2 Mores. 2 flats and 12 rooms
above stcres: rents for $104 per month:
this Is a chance.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEETC.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from the
Mission-* t electric cars; secure one as an
Investment and by the time it Is paid for It
will have doubled In value the way prices
have advanced during the past year; buy
now before prices become prohibitive In this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery nt, r. 8. Phone Main 3704.
$25,000 — INCOME $8000; M-rced County;
122 8-10 acres; 80 acres peaches and grapes.
6 aex«s alfalfa, 17 acres grain, 103 acres
under Irrigation: modern 10-room house with
gas and ail convenlerces; new large barn,
sulphur and fruit houses and all the equip-
ments of a well ordered orchard;, livestock,
poultry, farm implements, etc.. Included;
hous* on gentla slope, commanding mag-
nificent views; one mlVe from town, R. R.
station and school.
LYON & HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — House of 6 rooms and bath. 2 flre-
¦ places; every room with nun; price $4000;
small payment down, balance can remain tn
monthly Installments. I st, between 17th
and 18th ave.. 1 block from park. Sunset
District, or inquire, room 1212. Call bldg.
WHT NOT BUILD
on that vacant lot of yours? We loan full
cost of Improvements and part lot at A per
cent: plans furnished If desired. See us.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bldg.
$3800— CORNER. 100x100. with cottage. 7 r
and b. ; nt. graded and sewered: No. 290
Rlchland ave., $6500. 3 new flats, 5 r. and b.
each; West ave.. off Mission; pay 15 p-r cent
on investment D. Coffin, 2528 Mission, nr.21.
WHY NOT BUILD
on that vacant lot of yours? We loan full
cost of Improvements and part lot at 6 per
cent: plena furnished if desired. See us.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bldg.
$2600— Cottage. 5 rooms; on 29th at.
$700 cash— 2 new flats; 18th st; ready to
plaster. Apply 3297 Mission st.
FOR eale — Nice cottage of 3 rooms and bath,
with high basement: cheap; 279 Jersey at,
near Noe. Inquire next door. 283.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
WHY NOT BUILD
o.i that vacant lot of yours? We loan full
coet of Improvements and part lot at 6 per
cent; plans furnished if desired: see us.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$2100— MODERN cottage for sale. 830 Alvara.
do st. between Hoffman ave. and Douglass.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL>
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. S36 Howard St.
JtAg. MATEO BEAI.^ESTJLTB._^_^^
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo elec-
tric cars; 43 minutes from Sth and Market
sts. ; outside the fog belt and Just b-yond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff"
will Join the main line; second subdivision
now being offered: 50-foot lots from $400 up:
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month; sewer and water pipes in
front of every lot: pure artesian well watar;
half the lots in subdivision No. 1 wer* sold
In two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot in this desirable r?ctlon oa
easy terms: taka the electric cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY. RODOERS * CO..
Tel. Main 673. 116 California st
POIKT RICHMOND BEAI. ESTATE.
FACTORY site — On lines of Southern Pacific
and Santa Fe roads and proposed electric
line to Oakland: solid ground: abundance of
water: electric power within 600 feet of
property; terminal rates over both railroads;
help can secure town accommodations; this
Is the best and has the most facilities of
any site offered for sale on the continental
side of San Francisco Bay. For price and
full particulars see
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway. Oakland.
PABM FOB BENT OB FOB SAM.
TO rent — The Rowland farm. 450 acres good
land, well watered and fenced; also 40 head
of cows: will sell or rent; everything re-
quired to run a dairy farm. Apply in person
to R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park, back of
Berkeley.
CHICKEN RANCHES.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope; slse
to suit: easy terms; plenty water: fine fruit;
call for details: iro and see Sunday. Owner
713 Mills building.
RSAI. ESTATE — COUNTBY— Por Sala.
~~ FOR SALE. —
$6."00— 5'^ acres in the city limits of Pets-
luma; 4 acres fine orchard, all bearing; hard-
finish house of 3 rooms, bath and pantry;
hot and cold water; high basement; fln»
windmill and tank; water piped all over
place; good barn: 1$ chicken-houses, brood-
ers and Incubators; 1000 chickens; 1 cow, 1
horse, buggy and wagon; 2 sets harness;
all farming tools; sandy loam; beautiful
view: no agents. Address P. O. box 448,
Petaluma. Cal. ,
DAIRY ranch for sale; cheap; 20 acres in al-
falfa on irrigation ditch: good improvements-
10 head of milk cows. 40 tons of. hay. chick-
ens, farm machinery, etc.; 1 mile from
creamery; a snap If taken soon. J. o.
BENTZ. Lathrop, Cal.
WANTED— Party with $5000 for colonization
plan; exceptional proposition to make a for-
tune for a live business man; we have only
2 weeks' oDtion on tbe land. S. F. Credit
Co.. 10 Turk »t. ¦':::¦ --.a "
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERSt
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains in California. C M, WOOSTER CO..
64S Market st
BEAL ESTATE TO EXCHABOE.
WANT to exchange building lots for a nous*
or flats. Call 792 Lyon st. ¦¦.¦••,¦.'
S^WEg^^ACHI^E^S^AOT^STrPPIiIES.
DON'T think of buying a sewing machine until
you have seen the White Grand, which Is
tT.-o complete machines In one. making both
the lock and automatic stitch. On exhibi-
tion at tbe White Co.'s new retail office. »13
Market st
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all k!:ids rented lowest ;atea. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Markft st. near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machlna;
all kinds. $3. $5. |S; guaranteed: whtn the
dolls swing in tbe window. 1031 Market st.
ALL kinds sewing machines rented, repaired*
low rates. 2244 Mission st.. near Eighteenth.
' yBOPOSAI.S.
MANUFACTURING clothing— Depot Quarter-
master's Office, Stt New Montgomery St San
Francisco. Cal., Sept. 12. -1004. — Sealed* pro-
posals, in triplicate, will be received here un-
til 10 a. ro.. October 12, 1904. for manufac-
turing and delivering to this department 3400
dress coats, new pattern as per standard
specifications and sample to be seen at this
depot. Information and blank proposals will
be furnished on application. Proposals must
be signed by bidder, enclosed In sealed en-
velopes and addressed to the undersigned,
marked "Proposals for clothing, to be opened
October 12. 1004." C A. DEVOL. Major and
Quartermaster, Depot Quartermaster.
A -Ml.RRAY & READY. 6.11 and 0.?«i Clay st.
PbOM Main HIS.
Leading BmpluKJSent and Labor Agents.
We *r>eak the «irtnian. French, Italian.
Scandinavian. Orrek, Si.ani.sh. Slavonian an.l
Danish !a«j,-uaKes.
tlKW We Gave ioc» We Hope to
00.000 Mtn Wf-rk. Increase •.¦.(>. 0<X
Painter. Mage hand, $2 50 day.
Matcher and sti-ker hsnd. $3 to $4 day.
Paint.r. city j.Uin job. $a '>n day.
2."« <-ari*?nt*rs. NVvadn t^tatc. $.S 50 <Ihv.
WHEKLWR1GHT. NBVADA. $J DAY.
- shtaglrrs, 50e tare. $1 per M.
6 woodworker*; S bench han<l».
14 cabinet-maker*, factory work.
Matcher an.l xticker hanii. $3 M) day.
Gutter, cotter, machine, jf'J 2.% day.
2 cut-eff sawyers, country. $75.
Table-ttiakrr*; ;; t, r ut,Jii;iak^ri>. hand t^awyera.
<ianK trlmmerntan. fun- $2 <;<>. .«."Ht and fd.
LOOK!
Blai-kKinfih. Government Job. Nevada. ?¦"> 50
C PLUMBERS. $4 30 DAY.
Your fare naid; non-union men.
12 I'LASTERERS. $4 50 DAY.
0 IRON MOLDKRS.
Well digRi'T. $40 fd. : lever man. dredger. $75.
MISCELLANKOl'p POSITIONS.
Farmer on;l wlf*. fare $•'!. $45 and found.
DRAPERY BALE8MAN.
STABLEMEN.
16 stablemen, city anil country. $75. $00. $40.
$r.O and found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Slaughter-house butcher, fare paid. $30 fd.
Knife men. *hop men. etc.
COOKP.
0 cooks, different Jobs. $«0. $50. $i5. $30 fd.
<5 waiters, porters, bedmakers. $20 to $35 fd.
Slavonian steward. $50 and found.
Greek porter, country saloon, $25 and found.
HURRAY & READY. 634 and 63tJ Clay st.
! JERKLINK teamster. $2 2. r .. ?2 50 day.
! NEW JOBS.
| 25 trfknien, $07 50 to $76.
I 12 lahorern. lumber company. $fi0.
I BOYS— BOYS— BOYS!
j QANQ CHARi'OAL BCRNERS. ISc SACK.
I FARM HANDS.
| 25 fa:m hand*. ?•'!**. $2« and found.
15 chorenien an.l boys, ranches, IS to $30 fd.
| MURRAY * READY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
2 CAMP blacksmiths $«3 and found.
20 laborers, 80c fare. $1 75 day.
SPECIAL.
12 boys or youn* men. raFh and door factory.
$1 to <1 :>.i day.
Boy. city grocery more: saloon porter, $25 fd.
6 »be«-p butchers. $S0.
_ MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
MAN anl wife, country hotel, man as bartend-
er, wife nr waitress; »ee boss here, $15 fd.
2 foremen. Government work. new. $65 and
found.
Biacksmith. Government work, new, $(J5 and
found.
SHIPPING CLERK.
City Job. eteady. $12 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
CARPENTERS.
6 carpenters, plain housework, fare $1 20,
$3 day.
2 '•a n enters, city Job, $3 day; 3 carpenters,
$.1 50 day.
3 ef.ip i arpenters, $4 day.
3 carpenters, Nevada, Government work, $3
day.
Carpenters, mine, see Hobs here, $3 day.
BUTCHERS.
MEAT CUTTERS.
Slaughter butcher, country »hnp, $50 and fd.
'1 butchers, small country' shops. $30 and fd.
Shop butcher, fare. $1, $50 and found.
4 i>*ietp butchers, city work, $S0.
Ftatlernan. take orders, meat market, $30 fd.
WOODWORKERS.
Wheelwright, Nevada, Government work,
$3 50 day.
Woodworker, country shop, fare $1. $3 day.
COAL MINERS.
COAL MINERS WASHINGTON
STATE — WASHINGTON — STATE
30
Coal miners to go to Washington, good
mine, no ga«, good accommodations, com-
pany- guarantees $3 up per day; see us
about it.
Part fare refunded.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and C36 Clay st.
LOOK
AOAIK. .
B briekleyers, $6 day; cement flnisher,$4 day;
5 plasterers, $5 day; 2 painters, $3 50 day.
8 plumbers. $4 day.
OTHERS.
15 laborers, company work, free fare.
Cook, surveying outfit, $50 and found,
fi teamsters and laborers, fare 25c, $2 day.
Young man. car* for horses and take orders,
meat market, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; only Institution teaching the ton-
sorial art. Call or write for fref catalogue.
Special offer. Mohler Barber College. 649
Sacramento st
WANTED — A flret-class men'n furnishing
goods salesman for our city retail. Apply.
with reference, EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Mar-
ket «t, opp. Eapsotne.
ALL classes of machinists furnished on short
notice by Machinists' Union. 1159 Mission
ct. Pbone Mint 2406; office hours 8 a, m.
to 5 p. m.
LIFE positions at good salaries In Government
service and how to secure them. For full
particulars apply Pacific Correspondence In-
stitute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st, S. F.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD
* SMITH. 95 Third St., 8. F.
¦
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns and write short articles for publica-
tion; $80 per month and expanses; references
required. Box 23C9, Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to knew
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 roomsj 25c to 50c per night
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free information as
to petitions, salaries, age limits, eta; day
or evenings.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push a
good talker, easer to make money. V. PER-
SON. 477 and 47R, Parrott building.
SHOE repairer; steady Job: no night work;
elderly man preferred. MAJOR 'REID. 273
Natoma st.
BARBER school; the cheape5t and best In-
struction and shortest time, to learn the
barber trade In the world. 047 Commercial st
FOR sale — Two-chair barber fhop; price $05;
rent $10 per month. 1000 Powell st, cor-
ner Clay.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r.413.
PENSION Atty., E.A.Bullis.r.40.Phelan bldg.
. Past Com. Geo. H. Tbomas Post. G. A. R.
A BRANCH ofac* of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* has been
opened Mt 100S Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 ». m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor Duncan & Church sts.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addrers In the
Unlte-1 States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
ALL *tz»t men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. Eft3 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITORS WANTED.
WE want a number of experienced sewing
machine solicitor*; liberal proposition U> live
men who can do business. White Sewing
Machine Co.. 815 Market st
HORSES AND W AOONg.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
CARLOAD gentle work and driving horses.
Wert'Tn Horce Market, 220 Valencia st E.
STEWART, formerly of 721 Howard st .
THREE second-hand top wagons, business
burgle* and delivery \ragons of all kinds.
I5U4-15UG Folsom »t-
FOR «a!« — Horee. harness and buggy; a bar-
gain. Apply 1843 Howard *t. -
TINE rubber tire Victoria: the late*t thing;
for «ale cheap. 1503 Folsom »t
BAT home for sale; weight 1300; height 10
hands; sound and willing. Box 1562. Call.
WANTED — A business buggy. Box 13S3. Call
office. \
FIP.ST-CLASS borne: fine new top wagon;
suitable baker}', laundry. *>47 Mission et
WANTED— Large work hcrm: mltable for
piano wagor.s. BYltON MAUZY. 308 Post at.
GOING out of business: new and .second-hand
wagons sold cheap. ICSO Mission st. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth «t
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
»»»> work and driving horees. 15th- Valencia.
~-55H!J^H!5°^^J?ALE--Con.
COOK. s-ur. j. ;S e. American family (M
4 roc--.>. city |30~S3S
*<*-k. institution Sin
3 , restaurant |T-fK^f23
uotuamric. £.,1 •. .., !an . llVi f.- llBtta ca:.taa\
<•«•». ftnti; b-arU!ns-hvus-* »^5 I
Alan ar.U utre r«r UoBterejr <"r»ur.ty *..$/M
Jviuiwkef ».«>t. country hotel >'.vi
¦' ¦•?¦• n<J S'rU $20->23
';•;•*. l tuueth. Ucala Park y.i->
' • t** SM. fieueral bouatwork *2V j
JJeucewcrk. . Ko»* Valley. n<j wakhlss *'M\
11-usewurk >cr bh?.>t» Co.. fare here *:<0 !
Nur>» (at T > »Trt_ mending ?-<» '
X-a.nn.irc**. no :rc.Titi«. for a hwne *i!:> I
Ki'.chm helper, city, sleep home f ;:<» !
> ren. i. sovcriMaa $:',<>
3 nurr* g-rls $ir»-$lS-$20
4<» gerv-i si housework K!r> $2O-f2r>
3(» !-t city an ,i c-»u:ivy. $2.V$."»«. Aj.ply J. F
A- «o.. :»4 ?umr »t.
EMPIX.YKH' REGISTER CO..
•»-<„-, f-hrcniil* bMc. *•»*• 2<"21 .
KaWady fur dry «,-"¦•>>•> house., pooj salary.
Inung l«Jy. *oin«? c3>it-ri-:nce leather burning,
$io ¦reek
Al _fckirtir.«kei> i'or ladies' tailor. $12 meek.
•<*£} Bwugcr frr bakery, apply at onre.
$75 mrrtth.
L«di«>« to itarn trad*. $7 to $9 week whll«
learning.
Qoak am! euit K.i!enlaQy. country. SZl week.
Ledv, !ic!it housekeeping, country. $30 month
and 'ourni.
O:,en until S:S0 p. m.
A KtJBSB for an infant. |30: mutt b« willing
to go tj Barbara.
A r.urw for rhild 2 ye«rs oil, $35.
A laur.drecf <-n ulaln work frr an Institu-
ticn J25.
A lady's maid and aeamsiresi>. $30.
A <w,k frr a German family. $40. I
MISS PLVXKgTT, 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
A LADTS maid, $30; nurs*. $30; 4 housework i
tiris. ?3K each: cook. $33; second girl. $23; I
tr.o seconi girle. short Clstsr.ce. $30 and $25; ;
laur.dres* and chambermaid. $25; nurse girl. •
"Zmmmhemm. $25. MRS. NORTON'. 508 Mason.
A-WANTED — Girls to learn bairdresslng I
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
ir. 2 »«ti; tuition »3 to those entering now;
three petitions to fill immediately; position* I
guaranteed at $10 per week up; lesdlng
_«chool In West »3 Geary st. room 13. |
WANTED — Girls to learn rallMnery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
«o flnirh In one month for $5: pocltlons as
triirinera. salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
• 10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
ineglately. Parlors 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches halrdresxlog,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.: six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
reeeprired college of its kind on coast: day
and evening clattee: all parlor work at r«-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
CIPO-S wanted for factory work. 111 Clay
«reet.
BAG operators wanted.^111 Clay «t.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; $20.
Apply 2C7 Fcurth ave.. Richmond.
WANTED— Bright errand girl for dreesmak-
!r.g establishment. J. BAER. 1C00 Geary st.
WAirrED — MALE.
AA — EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO..
«4-CS Chronicle bldg. Phone James fi21.
KxjTienced stationery Kaleeman. . . .$60 mo.
Candy-maker. A 1 $20 wk.
Young man. market ealetman $.V) mo.
Deliraffpen man {15 wv.
T'phclsterer $3 5O day
< •abinet-nidkerts $3 60 to $4 day
Traveling rr.an, experienced as manager.
good proposition $23 week and experts
Dentist, good practical man $Vi start
Tf-a and coffee talesman, inside $75 mr».
Kurniturt- salesman, salary A I
l>e!ica.ief>«--en man. country $2O wk
Trmeurer. jrilt edpe ref $25 wk!
Cl<nhir.g -;:;.••;•,..-. country $17 50 wV.
Buy to beccroe crockery talesman S6 wV.
r Oj>en until f:30 p. m. •
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents 95 Third St
Laborer, city. $2 25.
2 carr*>ntT*. north. $.". 50. house work.
Man ro lay rock gutter, city. $2 50.
Dry cleaner, city. $12 to $15.
."» lumt>er r'lers.
Onijw jiiekers. Sonoma Co., $1 and found.
Nevada, teamsterf, $2 50, fare $7 50.
Laborers, Solano Co.. $2; year's work.
A MA DOR COUNTY NEW RAILROAD
Tc-«n-.Ftere. $2.
Laborer*. (2.
Lone Job. Good camp.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
?542 Commercial ft., phone Bush S33.
5 plow teamsters, south. $30 fd.
3^ machine miners, north. $S0.
ir. men burn charcoal ; 5 woodchoppers,
eouth; 4 hheeji butchers. $V>.
If minima, city hotel, $2o fd.
CARPENTER. $3 day; laundryman. Fmall in-
t-ututi.-n. $25 to *.to and found; 2 ranch
t*-am.-ters. »S5 and fare refunded; dairy fore-
men. t-TAi end found; kitchen man and *ile
for mk, *«0 and found: ethers. J. F. CRO-
_J^ETT Ac CO., V2S Sacramento st
A (COMPETENT physician who desires to take
u;> an exclusive and lucrative territory to
prsctice medicine. Call at room 321. Golden
West Hotel, betw< en 5 and 6 o'clock, Tu*s-
• day, Wednesday cr T'uisday.
WANTED — An apprentice to learn the hak*r's
trade. Apply between 8 and 12 at 1533 I\ ft
«.. corner L&guna.
BOY about 16 frr stock room, wholesale shirt
lious*. i;LMAN. SEELIGSOHN & BROWN,
715 Mission rt
WANTED — Good coatmakers and apprentice
and -.T-ftmakers for Sacramento. J. SMITH.
the tailor. 773 Market St.
WANTED— An exr^rienced grocery cleric
HOFFMAN BROTHERS. Twenty-fourth and
<~hurrh Bta.
WANTED — Flrrt -class furniture finishers. An-
il!}- at C Ninth st.
WANTED — Three or four laborers. Fourteenth
ave. sr.d N st. south; take Kentucky-st. car.
ORDINARY and able bodied seamen for all
r*rts of n-c.-ld.THOS. MURRAY.510 Davis st
WANTED — Eiaerly man for country: good
h^rue; small wag»s. Apply 4"2'i Jessie st
VEEFcT. Crerman; wlnehoune; tend bar: stat*
• gt; reference*. Box 27G5. Call office.
THREE-CHAIR barl>er shop for sale on ac-
count sickness. 779 Folsom, nr. Fourth «t
Tt ANTED- First -cliiss plumber. 604 Post st.
BOY wanted tt learn meta; worker's and tin-
ner'i trade. TVEISTER 4c CO.. 22 24 «t
GOOD paying barber shop at a map; don't
fail to «*• it. Apply W8 Bryant »t
EP.RANT) girl wanted. 6CHIMMEL & STO-
VEH, 40* Sutter rt.
DISH WASHER wanted; help In kUeheiT M5
Valencia at.
WAXTCO — A flrst-claex, steady waiter. 2»
Stockton ft.
FIP.5T-ri.ASJ5 berber for evening?. Saturday
cr.d Sunday; roves mm preferred. 047 Kill-
wore st.
BAK3FR — S-chair shop at sacrifice; don't miss
It. ICO* Valencia rt.
WANTED — Fir*t-<-!a»e operators on vests;
»k«f» no cbJiTt. 003 IJIMs st.
MAN for irtvflial.,1" trade: reference and $25
ware* r. h!l* l?arr.ir.g. 212 First st
V. ANTED~Sho«-a.ak*r on repairing; steady
r-ork. .";.', TL!rd *t.
EAP.OAIN— 2-chair *hop; revolving chair*;
g:wd business; flr^t-clans every respect; $100; I
StmnrrtCBItat drj-arture. Box 1380. Call.
YOUNG man with experience for fancy roods
•¦tort; cse from the country preferred. Box
jg*4P. Can.
WANTED by wholesale house7~bricbt boy for
<f.rrj'* jj.cn; «ta«* age and reference* in
cvii hnn.lwrltlr.g. Hex 17*5. Call office.
JAPANEFE Tor country: general housework; '
Knoa '***; vnMi fiannrlc; wages $30. Call
'JZit* Von Ness ave. Wednesday.
WAXTKD-A jrr.rl^r u, mal:* j-wr!rv from
<if»lsns. ay a tde line. Box 77S2. Csll otflce.
OET your shoe* half-roled wh'le waltlnr- 25a
to ifflc. Cta MUelon n.. bet. 1st and "d »u
cr 11 Third ft.. Exsmttier building.
TItY our mrn'« chocs. ur!r,-i mad«r$l and SI SO
ralr: fect-form Thee*, fz no.- w c j>cy express
charges. 11 :>d ft.. Exam, bid.. -open till »p. m .
FOR «cle— B.-.rber fhop; 2 chairs; clearing $is
to $40 a w of It : in wood town, population 2J(Xi
Agiirei* box 2^2. Call offlce.
WAN to ;carn tbe barber trade. \V« pay you
wh»«- learning. 531 Mjwicn «t •-**«•
OKKTIST wanted: *xp»-rienc<-<i and licenred
Bex 1430. Call o.flc*. Oakland. "^ni-ea.
BARBER ehnp for F »le; must Fell ihln week*
__a pockl ;<!ace_Jorjriifhtj3arty. 223 Fcurth tt.
6. F. BARBER Collr ff e"wm"i" a i t e nextlTcbolan
free. Call lor particulars at 741A Howard st.
BAILORS and ordinary cimcn for all parts of
tbe rrcrtJ at HERMAN'S. CO SteuartVt
MEN -ranted at 137 3d tt.. wbere shoes are re-
psJred ty machinery; sewed eoles 10 mln..7R«.
BOOUS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 421— Two or 3 sunny rooms; nicely
furnished; for housekeeping.
ELGIN PARK. M- -Unfurnished double par-
lors: regular kitchen; sunny: modern: adults.
FOURTEENTH. 7W— .5 sunny, furnlsh-d con-
necting housfkeeptns rooms; \ery desirable.
GKAKY. 1-2j — «_Vmplei-!y furnished room for
housekeeping; ounn> bay window; bath; ma-
rine view; also 3-r cm cfiJUije; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 370— Nicely furnished
front alcove connecting kitchen, complete for
housekeeping, gaa and bath; reasonable.
GOLDEN- GATE ave.. 433- One furnished
room; light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. tt:i — Nice ...nny ilnglt
rocm for hcusek«cpint.
JACKSON. 010— 2 nice furnished artlstlo
rooms, with use of kitchen.
JKSS1E. HtTJ — Large sunny front nxm: closet,
gas range, water; $3 50 week", others.
JOICE.- 14. near Pine and Powell— Two un-
furn!shed connecting rooms; sunny, modern
house: quiet family; no other roomers: house-
keeping If desired.
KENILWORTH. eor. Bu»h and Powell — Thr»«-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates r«as.
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, ccr. Van Ness — Sunny
furn. & unfurn. 2 and 3 room suites; single.
MCALLISTER. 1086 — Upper sunny floor of 4
furnished rooms for housekeeping: will dlvld*
rooms; gas and coal stove; bath and gas.
' MISSION, 1150— A nicely furnished flat of ?
rooma, complete for housekeeping.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping. $3 to
$12; gas rang*; hot bath; adults.
OAK. 407— $3 month: newly furnished; bath:
large room and quiet: single gentleman.
PORTOLA. 73, off Waller, bet. Steiner and
Pierce — Two sunny rooms for housekeeping.
SACRAMENTO. 1311— Parlor floor. 5 elegantly
furnished, sunny, housekeeping rooms; piano.
SHOTWELL, res — Two sunny furnished rooms)
for ilgh*- housekeeping: bath.
TAYLOR. 911— Furnished suite: folding bed.
gas range, water. $12 50; single room. $8.
TEHAMA. 4-!0. near Sixth— Thr*« furnished
housekeeping rcoms for rent.
UTAH. 538. near Eighteenth — Large basement,
sunny cottage for housekeeping: newly paint-
ed; gas. sink, hot and cold water: cheap.
VAN NESS ave.. 232 — Nicely furnished 2 and S
room suites: gas range; $18 to $2O: adults.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson — Marina vtvw; 3-4-ft
rooms: furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
KOOM3 TO LET— rgrn. and TJn^njn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 23 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. t
Fifth st) — Rooms. 23c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night
BELMOND House, over Owl dreg store. 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water In every room;
rooms; 23c to 30c per night: $1 23 to $3 weak.
BUSH. 123C — To let. furnished room, suitable
for gentleman.
DI'BOCE. 233, between Guerrero and Dolores
$12: four unfurnished rooms.
EDDY. 3— Fine gore corner furnished rooms.
by day. week or month.
FIFTH. 413— A large, newly furnished room,
suitable for 2; a new flat.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 1156. near Webster—
"Large, front, sunny room with grate, gSA
use of bath. $10; one room $7.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 33o
to $1 25 night; $1 30 to $8 wlc. : reading-room.
HOWARD. 713 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 23c to $1 day and $1 23 to $5 week.
HYDE. 309— Nicely furnished. larg« room;
closet bath, phone; flns location.
JONES. 917 — Large and single sunny rooms;
running water.
LARKIN. 8fM-^— Sunny front rooms, suitable for
gentlemen; $5 and $7 per month.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmoutn) — Sunny
rcoms: hot. cold water, elevator.
MASON. 514. near Sutter — Sunny rooms, suits
or single; medern; reasonable.
MASON. 514 — Elegantly furnished ninny rooma
end aultes: modern.
MASON. 514. near Sutter — Sunny rooms, suite
or single: medern; reasonable.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 123 Third »t — fOO
single and family rooms 35c to $1 30 "per day.
$2 to $8 per week: the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and coid
water, electric lights, call balls, steam beat
In every room and gives free baths and elt-
vator service day and night to Its guests.
MISSION. 2470— 8unny front room; regular
kitchen; back porch; washtubs; phone; warm
belt.
O'FARRELL. 623 — Nicely furnished slngla
rooms: sunny; $5, $7. $3.
PINE. 417^ — Four nicely furnished rooms;
also 4 unfurnished; good location.
PINE. 1743 — Handsomely furnished rooms In
private family; board If desired; references.
POWELL. 218. bet O'Farrall and Geary-
Large sunny rooms. $2 per week and up.
ROYAL HOUSE. 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
read*ng-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 33c to $1 30; week. $7
to IS; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SCOTT. 251 — Nice sunny suite for 1 or 2 gen-
tlemen In private family: no other roomer* ;
references required; call evenings.
ST. REGIS. Hyde and Ellis — New house; new
furnishings: fresh and clean: hot and cold
water; baths: everything sanitary; elevator
service; if sunshine- and cleanliness la m
object nee thes« rooms; $3 per week up.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH ST8.— POSITIVELY TUB
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATH3.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SER-
VICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERT
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TAYLOR, 410 — For two neat men room, wlta
or without board.
THE Larehmont. 311 Sutter— New brick bldg.^
finely furnished; hot. cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths: $2 30 to $3 per week.
THIRTEENTH. 111. near Valencia— Furnished
rooms; double and single.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 4CO
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 73 to $3 weak; elec-
tnc lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator. r»ad.-room: free bus: bagiM'.
WALLER. 861 — Large furnished room; larg*
clcset; use of kitchen. Pbone Page 1730.
WARREN APT., cor. Post and Jones — Ele-
gantly furnished suita: steam heat: phone:
sas and electric lights: bath; airvator; d«-
cldedly up to date, and for gentlemen only;
references.
WEBSTER. 1632, near Sutter— Nicety fur-
nished, sunny front room; new flat; gentle-
man.
WELSH. 13'/i, between Bryant and Branns.1
$8 50; three sunny rooma.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd st. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
83c to $1 30 night; $2 to $S week; elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF* House, cor. '. Sixth and Howard — Cholc*
furnished rooms from 13c per night up.
A DVERT1S KMKNTS. subscriptions rec»Hr«d at
Cali branch office, cor. Duncan and Church st».
BOOMS ANTJ^BOABP.
ST GEORGE. 1618 and 1613 Washington »t.—
j'ust opened: handsome newly furnished sun-
ny suite*, private baths: single rmi: every
modern convenience; good table board; reaa.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1031. near Jefferson
Park — Furnished rooms: bath: private house;
good board: 122: two $35 per month.
HAWTHORNE. 18. off Howard, near Third-
Board and rccm: American family; $4 30 per
week.
O'FARRELL. 553 — Suits and single sunny
rooms: rood home cooking; Gvrman family .
Tel. Larkin 3870.
Continued on Pace Twelve. .
MEDICAL — Continued.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years 1 experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES— If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 826 Post at.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist fo r all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities;' instant re-
lief guaranteed. lW*\b Market st, opp. 6th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
Bold; price $2 J>0 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland.
PRAE— Dr. Robertson's remedy; a protection
against irregularities: absolute safety guar-
anteed; $1 box. The Robertson Co., 613
Grant bldg.. Market and 7th st».. S. F. t Cal.
DR and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 5HA Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES— Kumround: safe. sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Rugglen Drug Co.,Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN residence 2955 Folsom st., oorner
26th: ladles relief or no fee; $10.
MINES AND MINING.
I MAKE a specialty of selling: good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO. Crossley bldg.
MONEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5H and 6 per cent
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, i
estates In probate, undivided interests In
property, probate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies and undivided Interests in
property purchaeed.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 6924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-002-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or Sd
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490, Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldgj
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity: also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security: any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 3
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
YOUNG & CO., room 537 Parrott bldg.. loan
money on furniture, ptanos, etc., at about
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid off.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
.LOAN AND TRUST- CO., 21 Stockton st.
near Market. ' .
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities,
$25 up, without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bend Co.. 60 Columbian bldg.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 526 Parrott bid.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, »07 Market st
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery st, rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
¦ us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALLloans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI, 0 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indor3cr. MORRELL, 60i> Examiner building.
A LIST OF UPRIGHT BARGAIN'S—
Chlckerlng, rosewood, perfect order: Chlck-
ering. mahogany, good as new; Weber, ma-
hogany, good as new. three pedals; Vose,
walnut case, a snap; Sterling, oak case,
used ten months; Wlllard, used one year,
fine condition, easy payments — fully guaran-
teed; from $165 ud.
BENJ. CCRTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos: all makes In used Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st; Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway: largest exclusive piano
hous<« and only manufacturers here.
WHY pay $300 for a piano when you can buy
the samo grade Instrument for $160, cash or
Installments, at 7C0 Market st, second floor?
ELEGANT walnut upright, former price $250,
to bf had for $117. cash or installments, at
7C9 Market st. second floor.
SIMPLEX piano players, former price $2r>0.
for $125, cash or Installments, at 769 Mar-
ket st., second floor.
WHEN you wont to rent a piano, call up or
rail on Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560-62-64
Hayes st: tel. Fell 6761.
PIANO and piano player for sale, together or
separately; almost n«w. 72-T Franklin st
$90 — UPRIGHT grand.' nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG. 21H McAllister st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to b*
sold; $135. 237 Geary at
SOHMER. Byron Mauxy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on '$5 monthly pay-
ments. ECHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlnger. Mttle used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Coll. 1C pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OrriCES AND STORES TO LET.
ELEGANT offices; new Italian-American Bank
bldg.. SE. cor. Montgy. & Sacto; light and
sunny. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgy.
FIRST floor. 32:l%xl20; 409 Market, with ele-'
• vator service: $75 per month. SCHLOSS
CROCKERY CO.
$30 — STORE to rent: 22xS5; 2 large show win-
dows.- 1910 Mission, near 16th; water free;
basement.
FOR rent — Section of large loft: light and airy
L. MINK. 100 Nev.' Montgomery st.. 7th floor
BLACKMAN studied palmistry nvT^yearTTn
hOHpltals, murgues, prisens, among all classes,
before practicing professionally. 537-O'Far-
rell St.. 10 to 5. .,
PATENTS. ¦
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA at-
torncy-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg.: 632 Market at
gTOCHASINQ AQENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 306 Larkin st. room 49; tel. South 319.
JPEBSONAL£.
A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with onV-
balf of face treated; I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smallpox pittlngs, etc.;
Restore lost contour.
If you deiire a fresh, young face, eall or
write. MME. GILLINGHAM. 131 Powell st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
prove* its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scaip; no stain or stickiness;
Cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.. 133$ Polk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a mire cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
eore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over '20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk st.. S. F.
"REXRADIO'S" Monday's patients over 100;
every treatment successful; "public" healing
dally, 2-8 p. m.; hours. 2-7. 783% Market.
BEST on earth — Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured; $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 330 Grant ave.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or writ*.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $76 worth of furniture for $7 30
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 840 Post St.. near Powell.
FOR your chronic diseases go to the Blue
Cross Medical Aids. 610 Ellis st. Free lec-
ture every night, 8 o'clock sharp...
MRS. HOLSHOUSER. 320 Starr King bldg.. 121
Geary — Bust deveL, electrolysis, massage.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO., the tailors. 729 Market st.
EXEGANT suits to order, extra panta or fancy
vests, for (14 73. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
' EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$] a week: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery it.
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Baton. 233 Geary.r.38.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1810 Sutter et.
TAILOR-MADE fult $7 50; dress pants $2 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUER AGE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 738 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
'. been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS AND SUEGEONS.
DrTc. cT CrDONNELL-^Offlce^and "residence.
1021% Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, rfkln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Ma wen et.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
¦ eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Pay st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of Ban Francisco — At a regular meet-
ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held October 4, 1904. a dividend for the
quarter year, ending September 30. 1904,
was declared at the rate of seven (7) per
cent per annum, payable on and after the
15th inst. Transfer books will be closed
from the 10th to the 15th Inst., both days
inclusive. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
San Francleco. Oct. 4. 1904.
BERKELEY ADVERTS'NTS
BERKELEY BEAL ESTATE.
6 ROOMS; modern; lot 40x75; fine location In
South Berkeley: 4 blocks from Key route;
j?rlce $2tJ00; $200 cash, balance like rent
W. N. RUSSELL,
301 California at.. San Francisco, Cal.
FRUITVALE APVERT'S'TS
FBUITVALB KEAL ESTATE.
I HAVE a nice lot. good central location; I
am just starting a modern 5-roora cottage,
high basement, etc. If you have $150 you
can own this place. Come and see me.
M. C. GIBSON (office open all day Sunday).
No. 1320 Fruitvale ave., next to 14th st.
$1850— EASY terms, buys 7-room 2-story
dwelling. W block to cars; lot 38x120. SALS-
BURY & YOUNG. 972 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR SALE — $2750; It cost $3750: rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to 8. S. AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. ¦
OAKLAND ADYERT'S'MTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BEAL ESTATE.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
We have been exclusively authorized to sell
on easy terms the remaining Oakland proper
ties acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under foreclosure of mortgage.
We will sell these properties at figures far
below the present market rates. If you want
a bargain call or. or write us for particulars.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
lC. r >2 Broadway.
SIX room*; modern, lot 30x100. in Piedmont;
:« blocks from Key route: fine neighborhood;
$1600; $100 cash, balance like rent
Nice modern house, nearly new; near Lake
Merritt; close to new street car extension,
which will enhance value; 7 rooms; lot 55x
• 232: price S-ilfiO; $l'0O cash, balance like rent.
i Nine rooms; modern; lot 50x110, lying high
wltW cement retaining wall; in East Oak-
land, near n*w Key route sen-ice; price
S350O: $M0 cash, balance like rent.
W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
A GUARANTEED Investment — Owing to 111 I
health, a client directs the. immediate sale
of 704 feet frontage; all choice building prop-
erty; convenient to station and electric cars;
- good renting locality; price $14,040; I will
take a third interest and If given exclusive
sale agree to purchase all unsold lots at
end of 2 years, allowing 7 per cent Interest
on original cost: hank references exchanged;
principals only. Address box 1433, Call office,
Oakland. :.:.;»
$100 CASH, $5 monthly; 10 wuperb lots, lOUx
200. covered with fruit trees In full bearing;
5 to 10 acres may be had besides; deep,
sandy loam soil; lots lay fine, with grand
view; choice location; away from fogs and
cold winds; near electric car line, boulevard
and district schoolhouse; adjoining: East Oak-
land; price all told. $G50. discount oft for
cash. * Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh
st., opp. station, Oakland. Carriage free.
II. Z. JONES, land owner.
A BARGAIN — Thirty " choice, large lots on
Monte VUta ana Piedmont aves., 1 block
from Key Route; one fare to San Francisco;
fine schools, churches., bomes. Owner, P. J.
KELLER, • 464 Ninth St., near Broadway,
, Oakland. .
FOR tale — Two new up-to-date buncalow 8-
room houses: large, lot with barn: very
i cheap. Inquire on premises. 688 Thirtieth
St.. en 1055 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND rUBNISHED HOUSES.
$65 — ONE of the moat elegantly furnished
homes In Oakland; 8 rooms; 2 story; best
part of city; parties golnc East. FAY it
BON, DCS Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAOTMrUBNK^BJQJ^OB^SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th St.. cor. store. Oakland.
MILL VALLEY AD V'RT'S'M'TS
MIL&^yALLEJE^JBEAL ESTATE.
$!iOO— BIG lots, a stone's throw from the sta-
tion; on graded streets: water mains laid
on all streets; 'thousands of dollars have
. been spent on Improvements; the best and
cheapest lots In the State for the money;
'only $30 cash, balance $10 monthly; an Ideal
place for a home; send for maps. LYON
• & HOAG. 110 Montgomery st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houi-es to let; send for cir-
cular. C. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
|ST M>— PANHANDLE. 11M ORk; 8 rooms;
Fair.:-. r>nrl< is. liBKement, yard. Inquire at
. 1183 Oak it.
BROADWAY. 1!j:52. near Laguna — 8 rooms,
bath: m.iri:i» view; rf nt $12 50.
N'H'F. 5>:r.nv hotwe. T> room.", hath. 20 Metcalfe
place, off G.-ary st.. v»t. Mason an«l Taylor.
HOTJSES^TO 1^^?????^?^^,
HOWARD, 2i:to. nr. l«th— 8 rooms nicely fur-
nished: rent $50. 1 to 4 u. m.
HO USES rTJBNISjgEp— TOB^ SAIjE.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 325— Furniture of 11
« housekeeping rooms, full steady roomers,
* cheap, n? owner Is leaving city.
NICELY furnished houw of 12 rgoms. 23u
Third lit.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED -Ftrietly flrst-clasb .house In the
Western Addition, furnished or unfurnished,
for six months or year; about 12 rooms;,
careful and resix>ns!ble tenant. Box 2S20,
Call office.
HOtTSES WANTED— rUBNISHEP.
WANTED-— A fnrnlsbed house of about 7 or 8
rooms within half hour from ferry; rent not
over $r,O. Box 2530. Call office. ¦
bOLD. rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. :tel. Park 775.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Black leather pocketbook. containing
naturalization papers and other papers.
Please return to 252 Twelfth ave., Richmond:
reward.
LOST— A 7-week-old English setter pup, white
with Mack yjtot on ears and under right eye.
DRESSER & SIMPSON. 20 City Hall 'ave.;
reward.
LOST — In Oakland, between Brush and Six-
teenth st. depot, small open face silver watch
attached to blue and gold beaded fob. con-.
talnlng initials U. C. Return to 703 Twen-
tieth ft.. Oakland: reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of HARRY N. HUNT. No. 2S3-
2<I7; the finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Short-hair yellow dog with collar and
license. Return 1127 Florida St.; reward.
LOST— Bull bitch; name Fannie; collar; li-
cense No. 4064. Return to 229 Sixth st. ;
reward.
LOST — A bunch of keys, about 14, on a wire
rlnc, on Monday. Return to 768 Bush st.
and receive reward.
GOLD breastpin; 2 preen leaves and 3 pearls In
design; liberal reward. 405 Hyde st.
LIKfe FINDING MONET. ~
Selling your old gold and silver to th» Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made into new
watch cascg. 220 Sutter st.
' LAUNCHES rOB HIBE .
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO..~Toot~of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. MIchaelis Launch Co.. Unlon-st. Wharf ; boat-
Ing & excursions. S Pteuart st. ;tel John 2GSfi.
MATTBESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
EROS.. 14S2-34 Howard st. :*phone South 216.
_MISOE1LAHEO£S- TOBJ3ALB.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc, bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; nee Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beal* st.
BOILERS', engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte. in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for" new ¦ roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
-
WE told It would rain; it has; your roof
leaks; buy our paint and etop it; best article
made. Burnett Paint Co., 308 Parrott bldg.
AA — 19 varieties thoroughbred young roosters
and pigeons. Ingleslde Poultry Yards, 907 Mt.
Vernon ave. ; Ocean View car to steel bridge.
A — BUYS, sello or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
2i Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foct-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. ucwtalrs.
THOROUGHBRED cocker spaniel for sale. The
Chicago House. 27 Minna st. Phone Red 4017.
YOUNG, fresh, Jer.-ey and Durham cow; rich
milk; gentle; sell ei trade. 1604 San Bruno.
B. & B. billiard table: no pockets, balls, cues,
pool board, pins, $125. 1506 Washington st.
SHOE cobbler's outfit; machine, etc. 44 Ship-
ley street.
SAFES and desks, prices right, at Richardson
Bros.. 123-125 New Montgomery, nr. Mission.
Firewood cut to lengths, $2 delivered. E. C.
Pitcher & Cc. 6th & Hooper: tel. South 373.
Wallpaier. 3V&c; paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merlgan. 1302 Webster: tel.Steiner 3«71.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elecant sealskin foi. sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN Si TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring $50; terms $3 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
FINE diamond sunburst: 7 large stones: a
bargain: $350. 10 Sixth st.
ROOMS papered: $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel.Maln 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st. ; tel. South 811.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market st. .
SAFES and cash registers, new and second*
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st,
COMB good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
b. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 405, Ad-
ams bldg., 206 Kearny «t. ; phone Black 3036.
I WANT to buy billiard table: monthly In-
stallments. TAMAGAWA, 051 Webster st.,
Oakland; phone Black 7061.
DIRT delivered free at any point within one
. mile of Oak and Flllmore sts. SCOTT
GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner bldg.
HIGHEST prices for ladles', gents' castoff cloth-
Ing., etc. Tel. Davis S25: 650 Sacramento st.
AAA — BUY any am't good 2d-hand Jadles' and
men's clothing. 922 Folsom, tel. Folsom 8522.
HIGHEST prices paid;' gents' castoff clothing
and shoes. Tel. Red 1544. fil5 Washington st.
T7LTON wants gcod second-hand clothing am'
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Josule 2S51.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN. Indies' specialist, now
visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 and will he
; permanently located at 412 Taylor st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
tn trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market at.
OBTAINED FROM AN
INVESTMENT"ST. LOUIS, Oct. 10. — As a result of
a fire, which to-day destroyed an
amusement resort near the World's
Fair grounds and communicated to
the roof of the Forest Park Hotel, 350
guests in the latter were aroused
from --their, sleep: and hurried .from
the building. The . loss was - nominal.
Hotel Guests Aroused by Fire.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10. — Reckless auto
mobile driving Is to be stopped by the
authorities of Chicago. Warned by
the appalling increase^ in accidents,
many of them fatalities. City Electri
cian Ellicott to-morrow will take up'
with the "West Park Commissioners
the matter of enforcing the speed lim
it ordinance and after securing their
co-operation will draft fifty special
policemen as a "scorching squadron"
to arrest the drivers of all machines
that run faster than ten miles an hour
on the West Side.
A list of accidents compiled by El
licott shows that since January 1,
1904, eighty mishaps have occurredia
Chicago. Nearly every, one is attrib
uted to' reckless scorching.,. .Three fa
talities are included In the ' list. .
Chicago Takes Steps to Pnt an End
to Reckless Driving by
Motorists. .
"SCORCHING SQUADRON" WILL
PREVENT AUTO SPEEDING
"WALLACE, Idaho, Oct. 10. — Paul
Graff, one of the best known young
men In the . Coeur d'Alenes, was shot
through. the stomach and probably
mortally wounded at 1:30 o'clock thla
morning: while in the office of the
Sunset Brewery, the property of his
uncle.
James Murphy, the night watchman
and . engineer. did the shooting
through a window, not noticing: the
young man and suspecting burglars
were at work, as -there was another
man with Graff.
Paul Graff Fatally Injured in the
Coeur d'AIene/* While at Office In
Early Morning.
YOUNG MAN MISTAKEN
FOK BURGIiAR AND SHOT
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10. — Secretary
Hay and Sir Cheng Tung Liang Cheng,
the Chinese Minister, have at last be
gun to lay the foundation for a new
Chinese exclusion treaty and It is ex
pected that .the convention will r be
ready for submission to the Senate' at
the approaching session. * Tl^ treaty
will, It is understood, replace all ex
isting laws on the subject. • It is the
intention to continue in full force in
the treaty the principle of the exclu-
Bion of Chinese coolies and the Chi
nese Government itself is perfectly
willing that this should be done.
The treaty will contain, however,
provisions regarded as much needed
and earnestly sought for by the Chi
nese Government for many years,
lrJbklng to a more considerate, liberal
and kindly* treatment of the higher
class of Chinese seeking to enter our
ports.
"Will Debar Coolies as at Present, but
Provide Better Treatment for
Hisher Classes.
NEW CHINESE EXCLUSION
TREATY BEING PREPARED
NEW YORK, Oct. 10. — Mrs. John
Angell, who created a sensation a few
years ago by bringing suit against the
heirs of Jay Gould, saying she was
the widow of the multi-millionaire
and demanding a share of his prop
erty,* is dead at Rouses Point. N. Y.
She was about 70 years old and lived
in Rouses Pointrall her life. The suit
was discontinued .in 1897 and one
woman who had participated in pro
moting the case was found guilty of
attempted blackmail. Mrs. Angell ad
mitted she had never seen Jay Gould.
Death of Mrs. John Angell, Who Also
Admitted She Never Saw the
Financier.
ONCE CLAIMED^ SHE WAS
WIDOW O^ JAY GOULD
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 10. — The Interna
tional Congress of Military Surgeons
convened to-day at the World's Fair
grounds, with a large attendance of
distinguished medico-military mem
bers from throughout the world. The
congress is held in lieu of the annual
meeting of the Association of Military
Surgeons of the United States, and
will continue during the week. It is
presided over by Medical Director
John Cropper Wise of the United
States navy, assisted by Major James
Evelyn Pilcher of the United States
army.
The object of the congress is to
unite all nations in the cultivation and
maintenance of an international com
munity of interest by which the ser
vices of the sick and wounded in war
may be equalized, elaborated and per
fected throughout the civilized world.
There will be an extensive programme
of papers and addresses upon military
subjects, followed by discussions.
International Congress to Take Up the
Subject of Treatment of the
Wounded in War.
DISTINGUISHED MILITARY
SURGEONS IN CONVENTION
CINCINNATI, Oct. 10. — The Em
ployers* Association executive commit
tee, after a protracted discussion of
the coal strike situation, to-day issued
a statement declaring that the asso
ciation will support the coal dealers to
the last in the present conflict and
will if necessary raise $100,000 to
break up the strike. The association
will not consent to arbitration nor to
a conference with the strike support
ers. The reasons given are that the
union is endeavoring to enforce a
closed shop, which the committee de
clares is un-American and against the
Interest of the Dublic.
Cincinnati Executive Committee Ob
jects to Effort to Enforce the
Closed Shop.
EJIPLOYERS WIXTj AID COAIj
DEALERS AGAINST STRIKERS
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— Seventy Odd
Fellows and their wives have arrived
here after a series of delays en route
from the Grand Lodge Encampment
at San Francisco. "Washouts in Texas
and New Mexico forced the party to
double on its course and travel an ex
tra thousand miles. Three miles of
track wera out along the Pecos River.
Hardships were occasioned by the
failure of food supplies.
Chicago Odd Fellows Inconvenienced
by Washouts and Suffer From
Short Food Supply.
TRAVELED EXTRA THOUSAND
3IILES TO REACH HOME
MONDAY. OCT. 10.
City »nd County of San Francisco to M«ry
fc\ nned >'. lot on S line of Jackson »lro«t.
1S1 E of Webster, E 25:3 by S 127:8; | .
Alfred R. and Fannie E. Kelly to fioloihon
Bare, lot on N line of Green street, 68 :U W
of Devlsadero. W 114:4% by N 103:6; $10.
Ella J. and Adolph Wenzelburger to Henry
F. W. Schafer. lot on N line of Sacramento
street, lrfT:C E of Baker. E 27:6 by N 127:8%:
William D. and Mary A. Qulnn to William
and Amelia Herdtfelder, lot on W line of
Tremont street, 160 8 of "Waller, 8 28 by W
80; flO.
Lulgl Quelrolo to Angrelo Quelrolo, undi
vided one-half of lot on 8 line of Adalr street,
100 E of Capp. E 25 by S 60; 510.
Sarah M. Kelly to James Cummlngs, lot on
w line of Mission street, 220 N of Twentieth,
N 25 by W 00; $10.
Charles L. Ilinkel to Alexander Bond, lot
on E line of Sanchez street, 150 N of Four
teenth, N 51:6 by E 125; $10.
Fred L. and Llllle A. Almond to John ani
Mary Franke and Alexander Coutts. lot on
E line of Capp street 64 S of Twenty-third,
S 16 by E 122:6; $10.
Estate of David R. Jones <by Charles C.
Bemls, executor) to James Davis, lot on S line
of Twenty-sixth street, 214 W of Dolores, W
25 by S 114; ?72O-.
William Miller to Alice Z. Howe, lot on N
line of Twenty-fifth street, 264 W of Noe, W
32 by N 114; $10.
Charles R. Bishop to Theresa A Oelrlchs,
lot on SE comer of Front and Oregon streets,
E 00 by S 60. quitclaim deed; $ .
Estate of Alvinza Hay ward cby "William J.
Dingee.* administrator) to Elizabeth G. Bald
win, lot on N line of California street, 63:6 E
of Battery. E 24 by N 62; $40,500.
William A., Thomas Jr. and Frederic B.
Magee to Rudolph Spreckles 7-12, James D.
Phelan 3-12 and Gustav Sutro 1-12, lot on SE
corner of Sutter and Powell streets, E 25 by,
S J>7; $10.
Henry A. and Lome H. Whitney to Henry
and William F. Rancke, lot en W line of Ken
tucky street. 365 S of Twenty-second, S 33
by W 100; $10.
Same to California Title Insurance and Trust
Company, lot on on W line of Kentucky street,
SI>S S ot Twenty-second. W 100, N 33, W 100,
S 16:0%. SE 143:7, NE 37:6, BE* 50, NE
25:9*4, « 21:5»i, and all Interest In P. N. 303
and 304; $10.
Thi-resa A. Oelrlchs (wife of Herman) to
Rudolph Spreckels et al., lot on NE corner of
Twenty-seventh avenue and A street, N 125
by E 75; also lot on S\V corner of Montgomery
and Sutter streets. S 200 by W 1C0; also lot
on SW corner of Sutter street and Lick place,
W 125. S 122:6, E 40. S 132:6. E 85, N 275; 1
also lot on N line of Post street, 160 W of
Montgomery, W 30 by X 275: also lot on N
line of Golden Gate avenue, 137:6 W of Taylor
street. W 5.'. by N 137:6; also lot on NE cor
ner of Taylor and Ellis streets. E 275, N 107:6,
W 23, S 00. W 252. S 137:6; also lot on S line
of Sutter street. 25 E of Powell E 130:3 S
137:6. W 113:9, N 60, V? 47:6, N 20, E 25,' N
57:0; also lot on SE corner of Franklin and
Fulton streets. S 103:1% by E 166:9; also lot
on SE corner of Oregon and Front streets, S 60
by E 90; also lot on NW corner of Pacific and
Davis streets, N 137:6 by W 183:4; also lot on
SW corner of Davis and Vallejo streets, W
137 :C by S 137:6; also lot on SE corner of Da
vis and Jackson streets. S 120 by E 80; also
lot on N line of Sacramento street, 120 E of '
Front, E 100 by N 119:6; also lot on W line of |
Davis street, 40 N of Sacramento, N 45 by W
65; also lot on SW corner of Pine and Taylor
streets, W 137:6 by S 137:6; also lot on SE
line of Howard street, 135 SW of Third, SW
40 by SE 60; $10.
Rudolph Spreckels, James D. Phelan, Wil
liam A., Thomas Jr. and Frederic E. Magea
and Gustave Sutro to Real Property Invest
ment Corporation, same; also lot on E line of j
Powell street, 77 S of gutter, S 11% inches by i
E 47:6; $10.
William L. and Maude M. "Whelan (Smith)
to Howard H. Salz, re-record 2072 D. 268, I
lot on E line of Forty-sixth avenue, 75 S of
B street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Howard H. Salz to Agnes C. Faylor, same;
$10.
Benjamin M. and Laura E. Gunn to Charles
Schlitz. lot on NE corner of Fortieth avenue
and C street, E 140:9. NE 179:7, N 144:11,
W 240, S 2S3; $10.
Jacob and Bertha G. "Welssbeln to Lucie H.
! Fichter, lot on E line of Forty-seventh avenue,
: 100 N of D street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
I Same to same (wife of Louis G.), lot on E
j line of Forty-seventh avenue, 250 N of D
street, N 20 by E 12O; $»0.
I Louis G. Fichter to same, same and lot on
E line of Forty-seventh street, 100 E of Ful
ton. N 25 by E 120; gift.
Louis and Rose Llpman to Auguste Ray
naud, lot on S line of H street, 82:6 W of
Ninth, "W 25 by S 100; $ .
Hugh and Elizabeth McLoughlin to Manuel
Mitchell, lot on SW corner of Thirty-fifth ave
nue and I street. S 100 by "W 32:6; $10.
Aneust F. and Johanna Koehncke to Her
mann F. Strecker, lot on SE corner of Tenth
avenue and L street, N 100 by E 82:6; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Rudolph W.
Mertens, lot 28. block I, Mission-street Land
Company; $ .
Carl Roos to Christ and Karollna Schwelzer,
lot on SW line of Cotter street, 300 NW of
I Mission, NW 25 by SW 100, Academy Tract; j
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to Sarah
E. Ritchie, lot commencing 113 S of Thirtieth
street and 65 E of Dolores, S 25 by E 72, to
San Jose avenue. NE 26:8, W 81:8, Falrmount
Land, block 81; $10.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to Amanda
and Samuel Saari. lot on NE line of Somerset
street. 100 NW of Sllllman, NW 100 by NE
j 120. lot 6. block 28. University Mound: $10.
James and Sarah M. Cole to Andrea and
Francesca Sanfilippo, lot on E line of Ander
son street. ISO N of Eugenia, N 50 by E 70,'
lots 300 and 302, gift map 1 ; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Etarr Estate Company (owners) with Gray
Bros, (contractors), architects William Mooeer
and Edward G. Bolles — Excavating, bulkhead- i
Inge and concrete work for a brick and stone :
building- on E line of Taylor street, 97:<FN of
Post. N R5:10, E 91:8. S 45:10, E 13:4. S 40,
W 105; $f)000.
O. D. and C. 8. Myer (owners) with Rams
den & Griffith (contractors), architect Emory
M. Frasler — All work except painting, varnlsh
! ing, paper hanging and mantels for a three
! story and basement frame building on 8 line
of Sixteenth street. 140 E of Castro, S 130 by
E S2; $15,039. -^
,-Mary E. Kohl (owner) with P. Noble (eon-'
tractor) architects Reid Bros. — Steel and cast
iron work for an eight-story . building com
mencing at point 27:6 from SE comer of Geary
and Powell streets, S 85 by E 50; % .
Same owner with Robert Dalztel Jr. (eon
tractor), architect same — Plumbing, gas piping
and steam heating work for same on same;
$S031.
Same owner with Otis Elevator Company
contractors), architect same — Two electric pas
senger elevators for same on same; $5300.
James C. Harris (owner) with Arthur K.
Devereaux Jr. (contractor). architect —
All work for a two-story frame building (Hats)
on W line of Broderlck street, 80 8 at Lom
bard S 25 by W 106:3, Western Addition 662;
$4500.
James J. Flnnegan (owner) with William H.
Bocards (contractor). architect — All work
for a two-story cottage on NE corner of Stan
ton street and Alta alley, NE 127:2. SE 94:2.
W 123:3%. NW 94:3. lot 4. block 15, Market-
Street Homestead Association; $2340.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hall alleged that both men, in con
versation with others,. had accused him
of disgraceful practices while he was
a member of the Calumet Club. The
answer filed was to the effect that
the statements made were true and the
conversation privileged. Hall . denied
the truth of the charges, and on last
Wednesday from Supreme Justice
Levintrltt secured an order requiring
Bond to give a bill of particulars. On
the settling of this motion all the
papers were filed In the Supreme Court
and knowledge of the suits became
public
Frank de Puyster Hall was a mem
ber of an old New York family and
until recently was a member of the
firm of F. de Puyster Hall & Co., wine
importers. His resignation as a mem
ber of the Calumet Club was requested
on July 25, 1903, and was immediately
given. Hall was also a member of the
St. Anthony Club, the New York Yacht
Club and the Trinity Alumni. In all
his suits Hall alleged that the state
ments made were false and maliciously
made, that because of these statements
he was obliged to resign the presidency
of F. de Puyster Hall & Co., that
his business and social acquaintances
refused longer to transact business with
him or to .associate with him and that
he had been obliged to abandon en
tirely his occupation.
Hall «.vas about 50 years old, was de
voted to athletics, having a good ath
letic record in college, where he was a
member of the Delta Psi Fraternity.
Hall's body, partly dressed, was
found by servants lying In a pool of
blood on the floor in his bachelor apart
ments. A revolver was found under
neath the body. On a table amo'ng ar
ticles of clothing and jewelry was a
package of letters. Some of the let
ters had been opened, while others were
still sealed. Hall had been dead only
a short time.
Another suit similar to those against
Bond and Cormack was brought
against Ernest Staples, and this case
came up before Judge Palmlrle to-day.
The attorneys for both sides were
technically ready to go on with the
case, but having heard rumors of Hall's
suicide, the defendant's attorneys filed
a motion for a new answer to the com
plaint. Justice Palmlrle granted the
motion, thus temporarily disposing of
the case.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Frank de
Puyster Hall, a member of several
prominent clubs, to-day shot and killed
himself. A suit brought by him against
two other clubmen, alleging slander
and demanding (10*0,000 damages, was
to have come up in court to-day.
Knowledge of the institution of the
Blander suits only became public dur
ing the past week, although the first
suits were begun last May. These were
against Alfred H. Bond, president of
the Calumet Club, and George H. Cor
mack, secretary of the New York
Yacht Club.
The accusation against Police Com
missioner H. "W. Hutton. "special chief
of police for 1129 Dupont street," for
his removal from office for Illegally
'causing the arrest of Mary Duran and
for which he was adjudged guilty of
contempt of court by Judge Cook In
violating the Injunction restraining
the police from interfering with the
restaurant business of Jean Pon. came
up before- Judge Lawlor yesterday. At
the previous calling of the case Gavin
McNab, on behalf of Hutton, had filed
a demurrer to the accusation and the
Judge ordered that briefs be submit
ted by both sides on the points raised.
Arguments of counsel were heard
yesterday and Attorney George D.
Collins asked for immediate Judgment,
as Hutton In his brief had practically
admitted the facts. The Judge inti
mated that he would render his de
cision on Thursday. •
McXab contends that under section
772 of the Penal Code the accusation
should have been made by the District
Attorney and not by a private citizen.
He further contends that the fact3
stated in the accusation did not show
neglect of duty on the part of Hutton.
who might have done, something in
excess of his duty as a Police Com
missioner. If he had done anything
at all he had merely overstepped his
bounds and nothing else.
Collins answers the first point by al
leging that the Supreme Court has de
cided that it is not necessary to carry
on the proceedings by the District At
torney, but by a private citizen, and
that the law on the subject has been
declared constitutional. On the second
point Collins argues that the highest
duty of a public official is to main
tain the rights and liberties of the
people and he can only perform those
duties which the law imposes upon
him. If, as admitted, Hutton over
stepped the bounds as a Police Com
missioner he neglected his duty and
came within the provisions of section
772 of the Code.
Attorney Collins says he will file a
mandamus In a day or two to compel
the Mayor to declare Hutton's ofncn
vacant and to appoint his successor.
He says he has learned that no appeal
will be taken to the Supreme Court
against Judge Cook's decision finding
Hutton guilty of contempt, as it i3
admitted to be invulnerable and the
Mayor has therefore no ground for
delay in giving effect to the section of
the charter declaring the office va
cant.
Thirty commissioned officers were
convicted by general court-martial the
sentence being disapproved In two
cases, and four were acquitted. Of the
3897 enlisted men convicted, sentences
were disapproved in 46 cases. The num
ber of enlisted men acquitted after
trial was 311. Nine officers were dis
missed by sentence and In four cases
the sentences of dismissal ¦ were com
muted to loss of numbers. The number
of men sentenced to dishonorable dis
charge was 2056.
Appended to the report are extracts
from the reports of judge advocates
.of departments. The following is quot
ed from the report of Lieutenant Col
onel Dunn, Judge advocate, Depart
ment of Colorado:
"These desertions in large part are
attributed to the malign influence of
saloons and brothels situated near the
reservations, seducing enlisted men
from the paths of decency. This is
only another of the many arguments in
favor of restoring to the army the can
teen, which provides places of amuse
ment and social Intercourse, where men
could get light refreshments, under re
straining, decent and orderly influ
ence."
Captain Roberts, acting judge advo
cate, Department of Texas, says:
"With the beginning of the work on
the addition to the post of Fort Sam
Houston, it Is observed that the prices
of business property immediately In
the rear of the new reservation have
materially advanced and that arrange
ments-are already being made for the
construction of the usual assortment
of saloons, that the virtual abolition of
the canteen features of the post ex
change has made a universal accom
paniment of every military post. I
think It is beyond question that per
mission to sell beer in the post ex
change would drive out of business at
least two-thirds of the low resorts In
the vicinity of posts."
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10.— The annual
report of General George B. Davis,
Judge advocate general, to the Secre
tary of War shows the total number of
trials by general court-martial during
the year to have been 4249, being 1026
less than in the preceding year.
"The marked dimlnunition in the
number of trials by general court-mar
tial, which amounts to nearly twenty
per cent of the number of cases tried
in the year ended June 30, 1903," says
the judge advocate general, "is very
gratifying, as indicating that the con
ditions of the military service are now
such as to require less frequent re
sorts to court-martial procedure in or
der to maintain discipline in the mili
tary establishment."
It also is noted that only two persons
were tried by military commission, sev
enty less than in the preceding year.
Commenting on this, the general says:
"The large decrease in trials by mil
itary commission was due to the fact
that peace existed during the entire
year in the Philippine Islands, except
in certain portions inhabited by the
Moro tribes."
Mayor Schmitz Will Be
Mamlamused to Remove
the Police Commissioner
Accused 3Ien of Slander
Who Had Charged Him
With Disgraceful Practices,
Judge Advocates in Their
Reports' Argue for the
Restoration of Canteen
INVOLVED IN SUITS
TWENTY PER CENT LESS
LAWLOIl TO DECIDE CASE
Frank de Puyster Hall Puts
Bullet in His Body in His
Apartments in Xew York
Large Decrease in Number
of Trials by Court-Martial
During the Past Year
Demurs to Complaint Filed
by Collins, Who Seeks
His Removal From Office
HUTTON FIGHTS
FOR HIS PLACE
CLUBMAN DIES
BY OWN HAND
BETTER MORALS
IN THE ARMY
-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1904.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROMPT RELIEF
From the effects of overeating is
assured by taking a dose of Hos-
tetter's Stomach Bitters. Pains
in the Stomach, Heartburn, Belch-
ing and Nausea quickly vanish
before it, and furthermore, when
it is taken regularly always cures
Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Costive-
ness, Torpid Liver, Inactive Kid-
neys, Nervousness, Insomnia and
Malaria, Fever and Ague. We
urge you to give it a trial. For
sale by all Druggists and Dealers.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ij CALIFORNIA if
RJL.flV3.TED TO CHICAGOH
1 LEAVES MONDAYS tod THURSDAYS H
Hat 0:30 a. m., through In ;; days.H
Hwlth diner and all trappings. fc4
Other Saat* re Trains i
i -30 a! mil for Stockton. Fresno. BakersfleU.
8:00 pi m.J Merced. Hanford and VUalla,
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TIC3ET OmCES — 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot. S. T. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 South rirat 8t,
San Jose.
j^^p^^^^al To SAN RAFAEL.
SMS^ R0SS VALLEY -
i-^^|j^^^ CAZADERO, Etc.
lS8BslsSx»*gili VUSausaUtorerry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OACOE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally at ?¦?.«,
7:*^ 8=25. tt:10. 8:50. 11:CO a, m. : i : «
1;»: i:13. 6:60. tt:30. 7:15. 0:00 and* iV?A
p m. ? **•*»
Arrive at San Francisco, daily, «t ?«.->
T:». S:15. 8-.B0 ».:35. 10:5Oa. m.; i : 5o
4:25; 6:06. 5:4*. 6:22. «:57. 7:40 and *• £?£,
'tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. ra . ; ,j
nrday. at 3:15 p. m and dally «rcept s*!*]-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. v "*!"'•
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:45 a. m. dally— Caxadero aad way station
i:ti p. m.. Saturdays only-Fo? ciiada?^
- 6:15 p. m.. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales, etc. /
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market at
FERRT— Union Depot, foot ot Market st,
jS^hTjS^ Tniai J«»t« and mm rto«
(J^^^jZiSAN FRANCISCO.
X^V *3^ (Toot of Market Street >
ipatt - MAIN LINE. - akimvh"
7 00a V«c»TlUe. W later*. Kumney 7 60i»
7 CPa Benlcta, Elmlra aart 8-«cr»menrr> . 7.2CP
7 30a Valleja Nnp». Causing*. Santa
m i:oin. Marttnrz. S*a Hnmoo P 2Pe»
7 30a Sl!f«, Tracy. Luthrop, stock-on.... 720»
8 OCA Sh»»ta K.ipre«<«— (Via D»t!»>.
William*. Willows, tFrntrt. KM
Bluff. Portland. Tncomn, 7."0»
8 OCA Dnr!».Woo<lliind. Knl-hli Landing.
Mary.«v!lle,Oro»l]le 7-5O
8-30A Port Cotta. Martinez. Aim inch.
Byron. Tracy. 8tockton. Nevr-
man. Los r.anos. Uemlott,
Armona. HuDford. VI •alia,
Fort<Tvllle 4.28*
• 30a port Costa. Modesto. Merced.
Frcmi >. Hi-. 'it'ii Junction, Han-
ford. Vt'alla. Bakertileld 4 50*
8-30A Nlles. S»n .fo§-. Uvurmore. stork-
ton. (?Mlltou), lone. Sucrnmrato,
MurysTlIle. Chlco. Urd Bluff .... 420»
830a oakdale. Chinese. Jamrstown. So-
nora. Tnolmnnc anil Anfjeln 4. 20a
8.Ma Atlantic Exprr»s— Ozilennnd B»«. 5 20s»
9.30a Richmond. Siartlnez and Way
Stations ••50>
lO.COAThr Overland Limited — Ocrtcn.
Omaba, Chicago, Hearer, Kansas
Cliy.St Louis 6 20»
10 CO* Vallejo 12.20*
1003a Los Anpnlcs Passenger — For;
Coata. Martinez. Hyroa. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
RaTHioad. Fresno. Gosheo Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. VIsalla,
Bafcersflrld. Lo» Angeles 7.20»
17.C0m Ray ward. Nllrt and Way Stations. 3-2O
11-00? Sacramento Hirer Ste*mer» M1.009
3 .30* Benlcla, Wlnteri. Sacrsaoento.
Woodland. Knlg-htt L«ndlnf.
llaryirille. OrorllU snd way
stations '852*
9-30* liny ward. Nile* and YT»y Stations.. 7 60*
4 00* Mirttnez.San Ramon. ValleJo,Napa,
CaJUtoga. Santa Itota. 9 iS*
400* Nllea. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 10.20*
4.3C* Hsrward, Kllrn. Irilngton, Baal tS-50*
Jose. Ltrerniore | tl 1.50a
i-OOPThe Owl Limited— Newman, Los
.**¦¦ is»noi, Mrmiuta. Fresno. TuUrs,
_„ Bakorsfleld. LosAngeies 8.80a
ft 30* Harward. Kites and Saa Jot* 7-20A
• 00* Hayward. Nile* and Sao Jot*. I 60*
• OOP Eastern Express— Omaba. Chicago.
Denrer. Kansas City. 3t. Louis,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento.
Colfax, Keno. Sparks, Tonopio,
... Keeier. Oeden 12.50*
P.OOp Vsllejo, dally, except Sunday.... J T Kn _
740* Vallejo, Sunday only f '••«*
7CCp Klchmond. San Pablo, Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Station* 11-29*
8 05*?ort Costa. Martinez, Dyron,
Tracy, Latorop, Modesto.
Merced. Berenda, Fresno aad
Way Stations beyond Port Cost* 12-23*
805p Tosemlta Valley, rla Berenda and
Wawona (Monday, Wednesday
and Friday) 8.50a
8 C5p Martinez. Trsey. StocSton 10.20*
4.05* Oregon A California Express — 8a*.
rtmeoto, Marysrtlle, Reddlag,
Portland. Pajet Sound and East. 8*80*
8.10* Hayward, Nlles aad Saa Joae(3os>
dayonly) 11.80*
COAST LINE (-iarr«w Uaagt).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.16a Newark. Centerrllle. Saa Jose.
Fclton. Boalder Creek, Santa
Crux and Way Station* S S3*
12.15* Newark, Centerrtlle. Saa Jose,
Hew Alraaden. Los (J aton.Fe; ton,
Boalder Crrek, Santa Cra* sad
Principal Way Stations tiO.SS*
4.1B* Newark. San Joss, Lot Gatot...] : ]g Jj? A
c9 30p Hunters* Train (Ssturday only)—
fan Jo«e> and Way Station* 17.25*
COAST LINE (Broad ha.*.).
I jr~ < in!r<l ana l'axvasend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Station* 8.30*
7.00a San Jose and Wny Station* 6.40*
8.00a New Almadea (Tue*.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
800a The Coaster— Saa Jose. Salinas,
San Ardo, Paso Robles. Bant*
Margarita. San Lais Obtipo,
Gaatlalupe. Gavinta, Santa Bar-
bara. Saa Baenarentara, Mon-
ti: vo. Oxnard, B a r b a n k. Los
Angelea 10-30*
¦ 8-COAGtlruy, lloHister. CastroTtlle. Del
Monte, Pacific Grore, Surf, Lorn-
.poc 1030*
8. CO/. San Jose. Tres Plnoi.Watsonrtlle.
Capitola. Santa Crux. Pactfla
, Grore. Salinas. Saa Luis UbUpo
ami Principal W«r Station*. ... 4.10s>
10-30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20»
11 20a San Jose and Way Station* 7 <0r»
2 -15 P San Jose and Way Station* 835*
3-OOP Del Monte Kxpre**— Santa Clara,
. ban Josr, W a t a o n r 1 1 1 e. Santa
Cruz. Pel Monte, Monterey,
FacMcGrore 1215*
13 OOP Lo» G«o«. Wright. Boalder Creek.
Santa Cruz, rla Santa Clara and
Narrow Gunge t10 45*
8-30* Valencia St.. Sonta Sun Francisco,
Burllnfcame. San Jose, Gilroy,
Ilotllster. "ires Ploos iq 4S*
4.30* *an Joac and Way Station* +a 03 a
tSCOPSaut* Clara. San Joae. Lo* Gato*.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
„ __ cept Sunday) t9.00*
|5.30p Ban Jose and PrinctpalWayStatfons 19 40*
6 48* buniet Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Joae,G!lror.3al!naa.pMo ltobles,
£an l.iils Oblspo. Santa Barbara.
Lo* Ansel**. ]>emlng. Kl Paso.
8t.Lonta,XewOr!ean*.J»ewYoTfc iiBa
S.<5p Pajaro. WatK>nrl!le, Capitols,
feantft Crax. Caatrorllle, Del
Monte. Pacific Orore 10-30*
t6.15P f"uMateo,Bere»ford.Belinont.Saa
Carlos. l:-ilw.«>a. Fair Oaks.
Mrnlo Park. Pain Alto tt 48a
8-SOpSan Jos* and Way Stations. g xol
8.00* Palo Alto and Way Stations.. 10 ll*
1 1 ,30p South SrjiV rincuco. MUlbrae. Bar-
HnsanM. San Mateo, 3eln>ont.
ban Carlo*. Uedwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo far'*, aad Palo Alto +• it.
•ni30*M<yneld. Moaataia View. Sunay- ™-*° p
»aJe. Lai»reace. Santa Clara aad
8>nJo>><> tt.48s>
AforMorniac P for Afternoon. "~^
1 Baada* exeeptett t Sanday oair
• Batarday only. • Monday rat*.
ISiors at all itatlOB* ea Baaday.
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiboroa Perrr — Poot ot Mariat Stisel.
saw rsAiroxsco to bajc sajael.
WEEK DAYS — 7:3O, 9:0O. U:0O a. m.; IZ.4S.
3:30. 9:10. 6:30 p. m. Thuraday* — Bitr* txis
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30. 11T0O a. cau; 1:30. 3:30.
B:00. 0:20. 11:20 p. tn.
SAH SAIASL TO SAW 7XAHCZSCO.
¦SVEKK DATS— 6:03. 7:35. T:5O. »:2O. 11:1ft
a. m. ; 12:3O. 3:40. B:0O. 0:2O p. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 2:0o aad 0:33 p. ra.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:1» a. xb.; 1:40. 3:«O.
4:05. 6:08, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlv*
San Francisco. (Oct. 2. 1904. | Ban Praadsoot
Week j Sun- I | Sun. I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30am K:0Oam 1 fl:10am| ft:«Oam
9:30am Icnaeio 10:4C)am lO:2Oaxa
8:S0pm S:S0pm 8:«pm A:2Opra
6:10pm 0 :00pm 7:33pm
7:30am 9:10am S:4Oa&»
A:0Oam Norats 10:40am 10:20am
8:30pm 9:30am Petaluma 6:0Apis •:20pm
fi :10pm X :30pm and 7:33pm
3:00pm Santa Rosa
' 7 :30am 10:40am 10:30am
8:00am Fulton 7:33pm •:20pa
3:30pm » :30pm
Windsor
7:30am 8:00ara Heal Isburs 10:40*m 10:20am
Lytton
8:S0prn 3:30pm Geyservtlla 7:33pm 6:20pa
Cloverdale
7:30am| S:f»nro! Hopland |10:40am!10:20arn
3 :30pm I 8 :30pm | and Uklah I 7:33pm| 0:20pm
I I TVilllts and I I
7:30am I S:0Oam[ Sherwood | 7 :35pm I 6:20pm
7:S0am| 8:0Oam| |10:40am;i0:20ad
3:30pm| 3:3Opm| Ouerneville | 7:35pm[ tt:20psi
7:3Oam[ S:00am| Sonoma I 9:10am| 8:40am
B :10pm I 6:00pm| Glen Ellen | *:05pm| 0:20pm
7:3Oam| 8:00am! |10:40am|10:20a:a
I:30pm| 3:30pm] Sebastopol | 7:S3pm| 0:20pm,
STAGES connect at Oreea Bra« for Saa
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Epring-3 and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geysenrllla for Pkag-?*
Springs: at Cloverdalo for tha Geysers. Boone-
Tllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs. KelseyrlUe. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlstt
Sprinjrs and Lake Co. Hot Springs; at U«ta»
for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Bla«
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Up-
per Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day*.
Riverside. Llerly"s. Bucknell'a. Sanhedna
Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot Spring*. Hxlfwar
House, Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoctno City.
Fort Bragg. Westport and Uaal; at Wlltl?*
fcr Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Tort
Bragg. Cahto* Covelo. Laytonvil>. Cum-
mlngs, Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. rrmt-
land. Dyer. Garb«rvtlle. Camp a. Pepperwjod.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. \
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets ta all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Cnroalcl*
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAM.
Gen. Manacer. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tam alpais Railway
It. Saa Fnacitcs nuiu j^, ju frxaeiict
-• 8:33a f«SSyaf*« l:^Op •10:50a
9:5Oa 9:5O A 8:55p 3:53p
-• 11:OOa iJBS??! 1 *^/ «:25f .~-.~ -
l;4up l:^r»p \SS5>J' 6:^2p 6:33^
totarday* 4:30r SaterdaTs 11:13p
*Tu Granty Gar y^ H*. T»n«!yv« ts Hill TaCtj
T£££L \ Mo M**«nr ST^(North Shore Railroad)
flmCB } and Sausaijto Fauutv, Foot MAxittS*.
WEEKLY CALL t $1.00 PEB YEAS.
ROOMS AXD nOAKD — Contlnwed.
EMALL. room, reasonable; gentleman preferred:
rood board near by; references exchanged.
Box 2514. Cull offlc*.
ELL1F. 4S*— Nice furnished rooms, with best
French table Loard; rcas. and best location.
ELLIS. 1174— Double room with first-class
"home beard; two young men; $20 each.
EDDY, 755— Room end board.
EPDT. 112S. opp. Jefferson Park — Fine fura.
tunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
FRANKLIN. 1516 — Sunny furnished rooms,
with bocrd: private family; phone; bath.
GREENWICH. 914— Sunny room.'with or with-
out board.
HOWARD. MIA— First -claes board and room.
t'.T&i* or double. S5-$6 wk. : American family.
JONES. 1310 — Furnished room; excellent board;
marine view.
OTARRELL, 1260— Nice neat furnished room,
board If desired; modern, nice, refined place.
BOOM and board for refined werkiiigmen. 974A
Howard «t.
SANCHEZ. 1241 — Front sunny room. with
board and u*e of bath: private family.
Stevenson Mansion, cpp. Grace Church annex.
M7 California— See rooms, learn prices, try table
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th« Weekly Call,
*.f> pairev if. wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
nreirisKrp rooms ros sai.e.
JESSIE. 436. upstalm. rear— Two nicely fur-
nished rootns for eale.
BOOKS AJTD SOABD^WAlTTE^^^
BUNNY room and board by lady; 115 to $20;
Powell. Van Xesx, Market. Pine. Box 27e8,
Call office.
STORAGE AKD WAKEHOUSES^^
X^EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods «tor»d. moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howsrd st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 181.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. S Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pre».;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
riERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
ftc* Post and Powell i«ts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CON KLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. 840
Minslon *t- ; tel. Howard 841. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storare and Furniture Moving Com-
par.y. 2320 Flllmore st-; phone Jackson 23L
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Msln 1840. Shipping at cut rate*.
X" WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalL
lfl pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
stop Dxnrmo.
GUARANTEED cure: send 60c; tablet form
mailed ir Dlain packare: lias cured vhou-
ta.ngs. L- L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
JJ^VT.
A WAY to health: mother*' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
V1AVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
SOCIALi.
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here: a chance to make merry; cozy dance
haM and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardeas, Ocean Beach terminal of electric
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211,
Mulrhrad building. Market and Larkln sts.
TO LEASE.
BUILDINGS TO LEASE.
A — Market. 117 — S-Etory and basement brick;
«ize cf each floor, 43x137:6: will give 5-year
lease to rood tenant. Apply to SPECK &
CO.. 209 Montgomery st.
L— I
> TYPE WRITERS AETD SUPPLIES. _
AN exc«pt.i nally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1 •
Sir'.th Premier. 525: other typ^wri'ers at
higher er.d lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Type writer Exchange. S36 California st.
2L--HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewrttir.g Inspec. Co..- 5OS Market.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES. ;
KOTICB — Taxes due upoa assessments made
by the State Buard of Equalization. Con-
troller s i-tep&rtment. State of California.
Sacramento, October 11. 11*04. In accord-
ance with the provisions of section 3668 of
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that 1 have received from the State Board
ut totalization the "Duplicate Record of As-
sessments of Railways" and the "Duplicate
Record of Apportionment of Railway Assess-
ments." containing the assessments upon the
proj>erty of each of the following named
associations or corporations, as fixed by said |
State Beard of Equalization for the year
liA>4, viz. :
Central Pacific Railway Company, South
Pacific Coast Railway Company, Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, Southern Cali-
fornia Motor Road Company, Carson and
Oriurado Railway Company, California
Northwestern Railway Company de&sees of
tlie San Francisco and North Pacific Rail-
way), Southern California Railway Company;
the Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
Comj>any; North Shore Railroad Company,
Pacific Coast Railway Company. Pajaro Val- j
ley Consolidated Railroad Company. Nevada |
County Narrow Gauge Railroad Company, |
Ntvada-Californls-Oregoa Railway Company, I
t-terra Valleys Railway Company, Alameda J
and San Joaquin Railroad Company. Sierra
Railway Company or California. Gualala Mtll ;
Company, Lake Tahoe Railway and Trans-
!>ortation Company, Boca and Loyalton Rail-
road Company; San Pedro, Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Company, and the Pull-
man Company .
The State and county taxes on all per-
sonal pror>erty # and one-half of the State
end county taxes on all real property are
now due and payable, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday in November next, at
b o'clock p. m., and unless paid to the State
Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto, 5 [
I*r oent will be added to the amount there-
of, and unless so paid on or before the las:
Mondav in April next, at G o'clock p. m., an .
additional r> per cent will be added to the
unnunt thereof.
Th« remaining one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real property will be due
and payable at any time after the first
Monday In January next, and will be delin-
quent en the last Monday in April next, at
6 o'clock p. m.. and unless paid to the
State Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto,
R r*r cent will be added to the amount
thereof.
E. P. COLGAN, State Controller.
NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS. Helen Mining
Company (incorporated). San Francisco,
California — At a meeting of the directors and
stockholders of the above company held Sep-
tember 2, 1904, an assessment of one (1)
cent per ehsre was levied on the capital
rtock. payable Immediately to the Secre-
tary. M. J. BROLAN, at the company's of-
fice, pier 7, Pacific et.. San Francisco. Said
•epessment becomes delinquent October 17,
1904. and all unpaid assessed stock -will b*
?old November 2. 1904, to pay the above as-
tecsment and ceet of advertising. 11: J. BRO-
LAN. Secretary.
STOTTXBIKQ AgP STASQCSBZZtO.
MELBOURNE Institute.^?an^«s^nTMarkeC
enres: ertsb. in 6. F. 4 yr». Hours 1 to 8 p. m.
SIAKRIAGK LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
festei-day:
Victor M. Genereaux. 30. 1805 Masonic ave-
BU». and Anna K. Jensen. 25. ."»67 Seventeenth.
Henry Newman. 85 28 Morris avenue, and
Afrnes E. David. 35. 6l2<4 Jepsie street.
Adolph A. Arcberd, 30, S15 Minna street,
and Ida Maupen. 26. Oakland.
Clarence E. Musto. 21. 1236 Hyde street, and
Marie C. Adam IP. 838 Hayes street.
fc'alome F. Ybarra, 25. 110 Pacific street, and
Roea Balcldo. 22X1836 Powell street.
Howard W. Johnston. 24, 319 Eutter street,
aad Clyde C. Wll*on, 22. city.
Wilbur B. Rcbblns. 21. San Jadnto and
Alma F. Van Iderstine. 18, 35 Pond street.
Joseph P. Fitzgerald. 28. 43SH Jessie street,
and Bernlee W. Anderson. 21. 43S^& Jessie st.
Emil Rheln. 28, 334 Polk street, and Flor-
ence K. Cavanaugh. 22. 1717 Waller street.
Charles C. Steele. 38. GoldfleW, Nev., and
Nellie Ktrobel. 23. Goldfleld. Nev.
Komaklch Koabe. 2S, Alameda, and Asa
Okabe. 21. Alameda,
BIRTHS— MARBIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, man-lace and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. Tney must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN. S^
ALLEN— In this city October 0. 1904. to the
wife o t William Allen (nee Gatto), a son.
MEYER— In this city. October 10. 1904. to the
wife of Samuel Meyer, a son.
REES— In this dty. October C, 1004 to the
J wife o f Arthur William Rees. a #on.
Ly,* dikd. ~~
R»hr. William A. Lucas, Robert B
Eaesett Joseph F. McCarthy. Philip' J.
Brown. Margaret McGreevy. James
Burke. Joseph MenxcL Frances
Burn*. Alfred J. Murphy. Johanna
Burn*. Jull* - O<len. Acaett* &
Cook. Annie T. Ongerth. Marie I*
Clyne. Patrick Peregrine. Benjamin
FaiRle. Charles Peterson. Anna C.
Hackett Infant Power. James J.
Hard? man Uabriel Robinfon. A\ llliam J.
Holtmeier Henry Simmonds, > eronlca
Kiililr-a Ueatrlce Thompson. M. K.
Lane. Lawrence Wilkie, Josephine E.
BAHn— In this city October ». 190*. wnll fJ" I
A., dearly beloved husband of M . ar S* 1 T t^ i
ltehr derated father of Adolph H.. « p ';" e
and Peter K. Uahr. and brother of Mrs.,
Minna Struven. Ja<-nb Hahr and tlie la.e I
Anna Jensen .".n.l Marie Ha'ir. a native of ,
Buderstapr. Grrmany. ased DS years .{ mnnths .
and 12 days. A member of California b:amtn
No. TO V. O. R. M., and Mission Turn j
V<-rcI«B . I
C3-FrfcnrjR and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
Wednesday) at 2 p. m., from his late r>»si- j
denct-. r.l* Valencia street, between Sixteenth ;
and Seventeenth. Interment Mount Olivet
ometTy by electric funeral car. from
ElKhteeiith and Guerrero streets. Kindly j
omit flowers. !
BASSETT— In Oakland. October f>, 1004,
Joseph Francis, dearly beloved son of Laura
J and the late Joseph Francis Bassett. and
loving brother of L. Helene and Margaret
E. Hassett. a native of Oakland, aged 15
years 9 months and 20 days. .
ICJrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invtted to attend the funeral on |
. Tuesday morning, October 11. at 9:30 a. m..
nt the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
corner of Eighth and Jefferson streets. Oak-
land where mass will be celebrated for
the 'repose of his soul. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
BROWN— In thla city. October 10, 1904. Mar-
garet Brown beloved wife of the late
G. Brown, and mother of Maude" T. R.
Brown, a native of Ireland, a«ed 58 years 1
month and 7 days.
ICT" Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday October 13, 1904. at 1 :30 p. m.. at
her late residence. 1111 Stanyan street, near
Parnassus avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by carriage.
BURKE— In this city, October 10, 1904. Joseph,
beloved son of Sarah and the late John
Burke, and brother of John and Sadie Burke
and the late Philip Burke, a native of San
Francisco, aged 14 years and 6 months.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 a. in., from bis late
residence, 131 Perry street, between Third
and Fourth, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where services will be held at 11 a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURNS— In this city. October 10. 1904. Alfred
J.. beloved aon of Michel and Emma Burns, |
and brother of George and Mabel Burns, a
native of San Francisco, aged 6 months and
10 days.
BURNS— In this city. October 8, 1904. Julia,
beloved wife of John D. Burns, and mother
of tha late John Burns, and sister of Ellen
Halllsey. a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 27 yearn. '
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 212 Broadway, thence to SL Francis
Church, where a requiem high mass will be !
celebrated fo r the repose of her soul, com- I
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross j
Cemetery- !
COOK— In this city. October 9, 1904. Annie •
Tootsy, dearly beloved and youngest daughter i
of Charles and Annie Cook, sister of Willie, <
Mamie and Charles Cook Jr.. and grand- i
daughter of the late Robert and Mary Ivers
and William and Margaret Cook, a native of
Vallejo, Cal.. aged 7 years and 7 days.
(Vallejo papers please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:15 a. m., from her
parents' residence, 1947 Stockton street,
thence to St. Francis Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her eoul, commencing at 9 a. m. I
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLYNE — In this city, October 9. 1904. Patrick,
beloved husband of Delia Clyne. and brother !
of Mrs Mary McCroskey. Dr. A, M. Mos-
grove and Bartley Clyne. j
E7"The funeral will take place on Tuesday !
morning at 10 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of McAvoy « Co.. 1239 Market \
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for ,
cervices at 10:30 a. m. Interment Holy j
Cross Cemetery.
FAIGLE— In this city. October 8. 1904. Charles
Faille, a native of France, aged 80 years. .
HACKETT— In this city, October 10, 1904, in- j
fant son of Dr. Arthur E. and Ethel A. J
Hackett.
HARDEMAN— In this city. October 10. 1904,
Gabriel, infant son of Thomas V. and Hor- j
uneia Hardeman. a native of San Francisco, .
aged 12 days. \
HOLTMEIER— In this city, October 7. 1904. i
Henry, beloved husband of Eliza Holtmeier, !
and father of II. L. and Thomas L. Holt- j
meler and Mrs. M. Russell, a native of
Prussia. Germany, aged 75 years. ;
C7The funeral will take place Tuesday.
October 11. a.t 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2310 Union street. Interment private. !
KILLILEA— In this citv. October 9. 1904. ;
Beatrice, dearly beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. E. Klllllea and loving sister of Car- I
rie and Willie Killllea, a native of San Fran- |
Cisco. •
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Wednesday), at 9:30 a. m.. from her late I
residence, 123 Fourth avenue, Richmond dis.
trict. thence to Star of the Sea Church. I
where a requiem macs will be celebrated for j
the repose of her eoul at 10 a. m. Inter- i
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. |
LANE — In this city. October 9. 1904, Law- |
rence, beloved husband of Julia Lane, and ¦¦
devoted father of Frances. John H. and !
Lawrence J. Lane, a native of County Llm- j
erlck. Ireland, aged G2 years. \
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 1376 O'Farrell street, thence' to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high <
rears will be celebrated for the repose of his I
soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment !
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LUCAS— In this city. October 10, 1904. Robert !
Baxter Lucas, beloved husband of Euretta I
M. Lucas, and father of Edith M. Lucas, a
native of Canada, aged 71 years 4 months
and 24 days.
MCCARTHY— In this city. October 8. 1904,
Philip J. McCarthy, beloved brother of Cor-
nelius J., Robert J. and the late Dennis.
McCarthy, and loving uncle of John E.,
Philip C. Robert D.. Alice C. William D.,
Dennis E.. EUa R. and the late Bessie and
Thomas McCarthy, a native of Boston,
Mass.. ased 53 years 11 months and 28 days.
(Los Angeles papers please copy.)
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171
• Mission street, thence to MiEslon Dolores I
Church, where a requiem high mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGREEVY— In this city. October 10, 1904,
James, infant son of John and Clara Mc-
Greevy. a native of San Francisco.
MENZEL— In this city. October 9, 1804, at her
recldence, 3157 Mission street. Frances
Meniel. beloved wife of Emil Menzel. and
mother of Clifford. Norma. Leonard Emil '
Myrtle. Esther and Hazel Menzel. a native of
Germany, aged 31 years b months and S
days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 7:30 a. m., at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co 19C9
Mission street, between Fifteenth and' Slx-
j teenth. Interment Holy Qcpss Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. October 10, 1904 Jo-
hanna Murphy, mother of Catherine John.
Patrick. Johanna and the late Dennis and
Timothy Murphy, a native of County Cork
Ireland, aged 33 years
CTThe funeral will 'take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 0:16 a. m.. from the parlors ;
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
ODEN— In this city. October 10. 1904 Annett*
C. beloved wife of Nels C. Oden. and sister
of Mrs. Emma Anderson. Mrs. Josephine
Armstrong. Mrs. Hilda C. Reisen and Ida
John. Nels O. and Carl A. Johnson a native
of Sweden, aged 52 years and 6 months
ONGERTH— In Oakland. October 10 1904
Marie Louise, beloved wife of ReVr M On-
Berth, and mother of Mm. Th. Loewen and
Hildebert and Herbert Ongerth. a native of
Austria, aged 64 years and 4 days.
PEREGRINE— In Oakland, October 10 1904
SL '^•enty. fourth street, Benjamin
Franklin Peregrine, beloved husband of
Emma J. Peregrine, and father of A Clar-
ence Peregrine, a native of "Wales ared 71
years 7 months and 12 days.
CTFriendis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2:30 p. m. at
the residence of his eon, A. C Pererrlne
682 Twenty- fourth street. Oakland.
PETERSON— In this city, October 10 1004
Anna Catharine Peterson, dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. Christiana Groth a native of
Md" 5 days 01 "*"* 1 ' **** M >earS ll rao ° tns
C7F riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-moVrow
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m.. from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. Christiana Groth 714
Capp street between Twenty-second * and
Twenty-thlrd. Cremation at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by 2 p. m. electric car from Thir-
tieth street and San Jose avenue.
POWERS— In th!« city. October 9 1904 *..».....
J.. beloved husband of Agnes rl Pow£.
brother of Michael Powers of New Vork l^i
brother-in-law of Robert j L jWs a Mtlv-
of County Kildare. Ireland, aged' 41
10 months and 8 days. . years
ETTrifrnds and acquaintances are respect-
T. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN. O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
2338-23*1 Mission et.. near Nineteenth!
San Francisco. • .-.- -¦
James McGinn. Henry Hansen. '
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
— Funeral Directors and Embalmers— — .
214 -Eddy st. Tel. South S78.
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) nt 10:30 a. m., from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission Etrcr'. thence to St. Joseph's Church,
wliere services will be held at 11 a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EODINSON— In this city. October 10. 1034,
William 3. Kobinson. a native of San Fran-
i-:sco. ag»d 4t years- 2 months and 21? days.
ElMUUNUS^-In this city. October 0. 1904.
Veronica; dearly beloved daughter of
lucrard a:vl Sarali Simmonds, and slRter of
Bennett. KUhard ar.il Bt-rnlce Simmonds, a
native of iSan Francisco, aged 6 months an 1
251 <lay.-:.
B^TFricnd* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. October 11. at 10 a. m.. at the rest-
deuce or her parents. 2710 Twentieth street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In Redwood City, October 9.
30(4. M. H. Thompson, beloved husband of
Hilma Thompson, son of Ro^e N'ulty. and
father of Azalea and Myron Thompson, a
native of Redwood City Cal., aged 33 .years
1 month and 19 days.
E7"Frier.ds and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at his late residence, on Phelps street,
Tuesday. October 11, 1904, at 4 p. m. In-
terment Union Cemetery.
WILKIE— In Oakland. October 10, 1904 Jo-
sephine E.. beloved wife of Alfred Wilkie,
and mother of Alfred U. Wllkle a native
of Biddeford, Me.
E-VFuondo anu acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11:30 a. m., at
th« Oakland Crematorium, corner of Mather
and Howe streets, Oakland
ADV1SRT13KMENTS.
Cleanliness Next
to Loveliness
Proves that well laundered linen always
has Its charms. That Is why the most
popular men patronize the United States
Laundry. We do work intrusted to us
right — right up to the highest mark of
excellence — perfectly clean.. Perfect fin-
ish and perfect service in calling for and
delivering. No saw edges.
: K '
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
1004 MARKET BTBEET.
Telephone South 420. \
CUTLER^
EVERY.BLADEMRRANTEDDowie DenIe<J Nonsuit.
. A motion for a nonsuit in the case
of Hujrh Craig against "Elijah" John.
Alexander Dowie tor the recovery of
$1762 was denied yesterday by Judge
Murusky. and the case will be argued
this morning.- Roscoe S. Gray, attor
ney for the prophet, based his motion
for the nonsuit on the grounds that
the loan was made to Dowie with the
expectation of its being paid from the
surplus receipts of the Grand Opera
house mission in 18 88. or from re
mittances from Australia.' It'had hot
been proven, he said.' that there was
any surplus, any remittance, or thaC
Dowie was ever able to pay the obli
gation. JIr. Craig was on the stantf
again for a brief cross-examination
and said that on other occasions '-, he
had loaned Dowie $100 and J 400, and,
tiat ; the Jo*hos had been £aid.
ForcHIgn Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — - ' Dec. March.
Opening 7 5% 7 7«
Cloelng 7 6% 7 6V4
PARIS.
Wheatr- • Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 23 76 24 90
Closing 23 65 24 85
Flour —
Opening 3125 32 50
Closing 81 20 38 60
Government Crop Report.
. WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— The monthly re
port to the Chief of the Bureau of Statis
tics of the Department- of Agriculture will
show tbe condition of corn on October 1 to
have been 83.0 as compared with 84.6 one
month ago; S0.8 on October 1, 1903; 79.6 at the
correnpondinff date in 1902 and a ten-year
arerase of 78.3.
Tbe preliminary estimate of the average yield
per acre of epring wheat Is 12.7 bushels, eub-
Ject to revision when the final estimate Is
made, in Dectmbrr.
The average quality of epring wheat is 75.7
as compared with 85.6 in 1903 and 37.7 In
1902. >
The preliminary returns Indicate an oat crop
of about SSS,5CO,000 bushels, or an average of
32.1 .bushels per acre/as compared with 28.4
bushels In l»03 t - 84.5. ln 1902 and a ten-year
average of 2S.2. Tbe average for quality is
01.4 against 79.8 ln 1003 and 86. 7 in 1002.
The average condition of potatoes on Octo
ber 1 wu 89.6 as compared with 81.6 one
month ago, 74.6 on October 1, 190ft, 83.5 at
the corresponding date In 1902 and a ten-year
average of 73.5.
St. Ixrais \Y 001 Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 10.— WOOL^-flteadjr; me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 201326c;
light fine/ 18920c; heavy fine. 12@16c; tub
wasbed, 22@36c . - , ..
~ Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. -, 10.— Wheat for export:
Walla Walla, S2c; bluestem, 85c; valley, 85c
California Stock and OU Exchange
OH Stocks— Bid. liked.
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Cert....... V> "\
California Standard ;.., .... \f
Caribou .......: .'..... 4 60 4 75
Claremont 77^ so
Four 57*? m
Hanford 170 DO 180 00
Home -•.-.•.•».••••••••••'••" ... 1 5^
T n !f* rla !, ; - •• -••- -Js-S-
Independence- . .-. ........ i...- 27 29
Junction 02 03
Kern (old) '...... 460. . w :
Monte Cristo..: .; - ja ¦¦ «
OH City Petroleum ., ftj ' 50
Reed Crude ...... ....... 1 55
Sovereign ....-.......:...... 82 - "35
=*«¦»"* 2 00 2 75
Thirty-three ..:............. s 05
Twenty-eight ....:.......;.. 10 ©0 ji 60
West Shore , "180 1 25"
Miscellaneous— '?,?*.¦
Chutes Company , T .. ........ ''.. 7 00
Flscher'a Theater: ..;.. 10 29
Northern Cal Power.::..... -8 66 9 60
Morning* Session. v
25 Paauhau Sugar. 15 8714
Afternoon Session. -
500 Apollo 40
1000 'Independence. . . ,\ .'./..'....'.' ' 2S
500 Four Oil... . •••••- «
100 OU City Petrrileum :;:;;-. v..'.. .'.***.* 55
600 Mont* Cristo. ...V.r.. ..:.......... 60
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCQ>8TOC]¥ EXCHANGP-
Followlng wtra the sales on . the Saa Fsa.n-
MISCEIiLANEOUS MARKETS. v
COAL — Welllnjiton. ?S per ton; New Wel
lington, IS; Seattle, $6 CO; Bryant, |S 50:
Beaver Hill. IB 00; Eoslyn. |7; Coos Bay,
|8 60: Richmond. ?7 50; Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 ln sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $H; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
Welsh Lump. $1160; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 60® W per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 50 per short
ton.
OII<S— Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 53c per gallon for boiled and
61c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' A A, cases, $1 1MJ1 12: Lucol. 30c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. ca»*s,.
06ft&Oc per gallon ; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels.
680 for Ceylon and 66c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 6Sc; natural winter
Sperm OU. «3c; extra bleached winter Waal*
Oil 67e: natural Whale Oil, 62c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. «5c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot OIL
63c- light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring OU.
40c; Salmon Oil. 'Me; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
PUh Oil, 36c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
18c- Pearl' Oil. In. cases, lB%c; Astral. 19Wc;
Star. 19^c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk,
16c; in cases, 22%c: Benzine, in bulk ' 13c; In
cases. 19$c: S6-d>gree*GasoIine. In bulk. 25o;
Is cases. 31c • ' ;:
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c in drums • and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7*©
7%c .per -lb;- White Lead, 7*i©7?ic. accordin*
to quantfty. • ¦*
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per Ib. in 100-lb bass:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25c;
Powdered; <J. 10c; Candy Granulated 0.10c; Dry
Granulated," fin?, 6«;Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c: .Fruit. Granulated, .flc; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 6.80c; Confectioners' A 6c;
Magnolia A. 6.00c; Extra C. 5.60c; Golden O,
6.40c; "D,"- 5.30c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 26c more: boxes. 60c more; 60-lb bags,
10c mon (or all kinds. ¦ Tablets — Half barrels,
6.50c; boxe*. 6.75c; H.- * E. Crystal Domino*.
0c per - lb. No orders ' taken for . less ¦ thaa
seventy -five, barrels or its equivalent. ~-
BAGS — Grain Bags, $r»i&5 26: Saa Quentla.
$4 50: Wool Baits. 30032c; Fleece Twine, 7%o;
Fruit Bags, «V4©7%c for white ana 7c for
brown Jute. .
General Merchandise.
Ala S Co... — 28ft Lon& SF Bk. — 60
Amer Bis Co — ' 80 Mat Nav Co. 60 —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — x« v Nat Bk.195 _
Cal G&ECor. 45 48 N S R R Co B« _
C Jockey C1.113H r- N Cal P Co! — »U
Cal Towder..l30 145 Oak Bk Sav 12© -_
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Ca! T I & T. — 169 IOOP Hall A 6U —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 Orpheura Co.. — p 1514
Chutes Co .. 6% — PacC Cas Co.125 — n
City & C Bk — 120 pac Bur Co. 106 —
Cyp Limp.. — 6% Paraf Paint.. 39 _
East Dynm.. — 375 • S F Dry dock. — 65
DpntPwd pfd — 87H SFASJ Coal. 17U 20
Do com .. 30 37HIS J Wat Co.l<Kl% —
FN Bk. Oak.120 _ SO * MTa;bt.l25 —
Fischer Thtr 05c 35c I Swiss- A lik..H5
Hono P Co.. 24 — I Do com .. 12>4* — '
Do pool . . 20 23 I
' SALES.
Morning'' Session.
Street —
135,000 United R R of S P 4 per cent. 83 25
Bid. Ask. Bid » k
B L. Wat 63.113 115& S P C R 4» 10ltil02
cal NW 5s..lio — s p Co^UsioiUioi
M C Wat 5s.lOO — Sun Tel 6s .At* —
RIs I Wks 5s — 106 Suttr-st RBs 104 —
SKlv&Si - UR <*.<*•<'• a**
v. MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
* At yesterday's meeting of tha Board
of Supervisors an ordinance was in
troduced by Supervisor Connor mak
ing It unlawful for street railroad
cars to run faster than eight miif^ an
hour. It was referred to the Street
Committee. J. ':•¦¦•, :;
Connor's proposed ordinance pro
hibiting the distribution- or circulation
of hand bills, books, pamphlets or any
device tending to be used as an ad
vertisement upon any street or sltje
walk or in any doorway or entrance
to any building or premises was ajao
referred to the Street Committee.
The same course was taken with,
Eggers* proposed ordinance prohibit
ing the deposit upon the public streets
of oil drippings from mobiles, auto*
mobiles" or " locomobiles. " Complaint
: has been made that horses have slip
ped on pavements upon which such
drippings have been allowed to fall.
The Southern Pacific Company filed
an offer to dedicate a strip of land ex
tending frpm Twenty-fourth avenue
south to the northerly line of the Paul
tract for street purposes.
C. J. Rader filed a complaint that
the Spring Valley" Company charged
him for more .water than his meter,
indicated and asked that an ordinance
be passed to prevent such alleged
overcharges. •
The ordinance increasing the height
limit of fireproof buildings from 200
to 220 feet became a' law yesterday
without the Mayor's .signature. J Ths
Mayor decided not to veto the meas
ure, but- would not sign it.. It, will per
mit M. H. de Young, to -add -to the
height of his building at Kearny and
Market streets. "
Supervisor Connor Proposes
Ordinance to Fix Maximum
nt Eight Miles an Hour
WOULD LIMIT
SPEED OF CARS
SHEEP — Receipts. 6000; market steady;
Western yearlings, $3 65@4 ; wethers, $3 35<gi
8 65: ewee, $3@3 60: common and stockers,
S3 2563 75; larnbi", ?4 40® 5.
OMAHA, Oct. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 6000;
market steady; cows and heifers, $2 6003 K0:
\Kestern steers, $2 9O®4 «0; Texas steers,
?2 75ig;3 65; range cows and heifers, $2 25®
3 85; canners, $1 ft0fi2 15; stockers and feeders,
$2 2504; calves, $3©5 60; bulls and stags,
(1 7. r .<g3 75.
HOGS — Receipts. 3000; market 5c higher;
heavy. $5 50@5 55; mixed, $5 5«vgr. 55; light,
15 5O®5 6O; pigs. $5@5 40; bulk of sales, $5 &O&
5 65. ~
OMAHA
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 10.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 10,000; market steady, to lower; native
steers. ?4fi'J 10; *¦ native cows and heifers,
(1 5O@4 5u; stockers and feeders, $2 25<S>4 25;
bulls. $1 15@H 50; Western steers, SS@4 50.
HOGB— Receipts, 4000: market steady to
lower; bulk .of sales, $5 65®5 75; heavy, $5 703
5 85; packers, 55 65@S 80;* pigs and lights,
S5 40&5 «Q,
SHEEP— Receipts, 8OO0; market .steady;
lambs weak; muttons, 23 2T>i53 80j lambs, 54
©5 10; range wethers. $3 3CNg3 85; ewes, $275
@3 50; Utah lambs, f 5 80.
KANSAS CITT.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
32.000. including 7000 Westerns; market 10®
15c lower; good to prime Btsers, $5 05(36 50;
pour to medium, $3 75@5 40; atockcrs and feed
ers, $2 3O@4 15; cows, $1.50@4 r>0; heifers, $2@
B; canners, fl 50@2 40; bulls, |2&4 50; calves,
S3 -5067 50; Texas fed steera, $3©5 50; West
,ern et*ers, $3^4 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 28.000; market steady:
pood to choice heavy, $5 B0(g6 10; rough
heavy, «5 60^6 80r light, |5 70@6 05; bulk of
sales. $5 S0@6 05.
SHEEP — Receipts, 48,000; market for aheep
weak, 'lambs lower; good to choice wethers,
$3 75^4 30; fair to choice mixed, $3 2503 70;
Western sheep, $394 IB; native lambs, $1'«5;
Western Iambs, $4^5 SO. .
CHICAGO.
CATTLE, SIIKKP AND HOGS.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered ln har. Ftanclsco. less 40(9
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle;
CATTLE— Steers. 7Vi©7%c; Cows and Hell
ers. 5tt®t>%c; thin (jows. 4©5c per lb.
CALVES— 4@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%03%c; Ewes, 3@3%o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50©2 75- per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 800 lbs, 4%c:
200 to 250 lbs, 4%c; 130 lbs and under 4%c;
over 350 lbs. 4%c; soft Hogs, not . wanted;
Bows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off,
and Stags. 49 per cent off from above quota
tion*.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEKF— B@7c for Steers and 4@5o per lb
for Cow«.
VEAL— Larg*. 8H@7'4 C: » m all. 7@3c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes. 6@7c per
pound.
LAMB — 8©9c per Ib.
PORiC — Dressed Hogs, &@Sc per lb."
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat »larket.
The week opened with quotations unchanged
and tbe markets quiet and featureless.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %©lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Eteers l0%c: medium. 9%c; light, flc; Cow
Hides 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags,
7c- Salted Kip, 10c; Baited Veal, lie; Salted
Calf H%c: d rv Hides. ie%$17c; dry Kip. 139
14o:'dry Calf. 19c; Sheepskins, ahearling* 25®
40c short Wool. 40#65c each; medium,
75@90c: long Wool. $1@1 50: Horse Hides,
salt, *2 7S for large and *2@2 60 for medium,
SI 2501 76 for small and 60c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 7B for large and *1 50 for me
dium, $1«H - s f°r small and 50o for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 30c; Oca t
BMns-r Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large do,
SI 'S* large 50c; medium. 35c; small 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb:
5Jo *2. 3i4c: Grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall cllp-^Ean Joaquln and South
em 8«fHc; Southern. S®9c; Southern Moun
tain 8&11C: Middle Countiec. fre«. 12@U 2 ;
do, defective. 10S12c; Northern free. 12@Uc;
dc defective. 10@12c;' Humboldt and Me'ndo
diio, 14g;15c per Xb.
HOPS— 1904 crop, 26<g!00c per I*.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10. — On the Produca Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery, 14020c; dairy. 13@17c. Eggs were
steady at murk, l4*ilT?«c; firsts. 18c; prime
firsts, 20c; extras, 22c. Cheese was steady at
10(510^0.
ELGIN. 111.. Oct. 10.— Butter, firm and un
changed to-day, selling at 20c a pound. Total
sales for the week. 678. COO cuunds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Xcw York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— Close— llon<?y on call
*m fcteady l'S2H per cent; last loan closing
offered 2. f.:r.e loana Bii S ht!y flrmer, sixty
£25ta*?&r* ctnt - n!ncty days and six
Prime m"rranti'.« paper. 4H@5 pe r cent .
fctening exchanre. *te«dy. with actual busi
riess in bankers' bills at $4.&i3(/J>4.St535 f or
demand and at II.KJSfri.S.tlO for feisty-day
Mils; rort'-d raffs. Si JS4JJ4 8<4 and *4 "8CU • I
commercial bil.'s. 94 b*g< '*' I
linr bJIver. 57 %c.
ilexicsn dcHa!s,4i94c •
i-.^guTaT' m * nt b ' <nd *' mt f* ers r » il "'a<J bonds.
\ew York Stock Market
NEW YriRK. Oct. 10.— There was but a 1
tlUEtjfh neponat to an accumulation of va- !
rteos factcr. favorable to values of securities j
to-day e market. The industrials, and!
•specially the !r> n and steel rtoeks. «>ie lifted
•"lit of thU tn^irrerrnce during the course of
tbe .lay. but the railroad stocks made but '
little readway. Openio* prices T,-»rc higher |
tin..; had the combined advantage of consider- I
nh!r- Luyin? orders received over Sunday a
U-tter rjint-e of prices in London before' the
<>!••>:. ::¦? h<rr.» and Mmc Urge supporting orders
for <h, purrx-se of establishing a hiffh.-r basis
on Thteh to sell. The customary — ni-g to
Uka Profits under tfcete cirnimstanc«>a made
!'.> afpcr;rance and did not cau^e -Furnri^e
r.M the recovery from the effect from this
* ¦'¦¦- Uif uu,.>aiH than ha« t*en the case on
- Uoa£ay*« rrsrket fcr eoTne time past. Here
ar.d ther* an indh-ldual stock was pushed
opwrniA, bot with.ut muih. respome In the
p : o»l list. T"ii» fr.itfd St.-itee Bted stocks
tnede great mtstaace to tbe hea vlscmat • In
tii'- market and the preferred advanced to
th* I.icijetct prices on the present rrtovem»nt.
Trade aflTfoea SW*e very 'avoraMe and
•l:.:.-u fi mi «-xr-aTi'! c r>ff Bernard fcr all lines
>'.<<; prpdxirta. Special htrtFs was laid on
:.->r;e '.rdi.-is ljtinff j.lii'-eil by railroads ail
ov«t the country for r.'Hn? Ftork and loeo
nctlvxs. This . brought tijle railroad equlp
ni- nt Ktock Into the movement.
•-n^alganiaiei (X>i*r responded to th<» de
r.;and for copotr li.,iji tor sj>oi and for future
ri'hvprj. TV-j'.h the a^vsntaje o f favcralile
«1e\Hoj«nient« in special fi~.&» wa* coupled the
penrriii arT»*>Tn«>T)t of railroad officials as to
rlie rx;,anilinc <l>-nian<1 «n<l the r^suitJint im>ve-
T»-.r3t ot rr«>!chr of «n «rra>1e» rf merchan
<if<-e. !>oth east and •w«-st. Hut th«*» evidences
Sndurtris! I uhinest; revivals are but ron
fi-^n>*inn of T,r.v1"tiftTi« wW<«h have under
lahj the rr.r.fldent orieratk.ns in stocks for
?r.!"i; r xv^cks nsJ 5 *. I
A rajbrr ,>cs*'1 rtjawing cf trivial %v>.v.%
n:io lesse* mi\M u»s the net result fcr th»
/!•'-. v.;tii th* deBfns heavy.
BfiOda were irre^Tiiar. Total par value
KX4S0jQDOl '
T"rit«d Ftat*» hnrAt were uncJiaiiieed on caJl.
Now York Stork L,tet.
~tock»— ."ales. High. Low. Close
Atchi*.»n 22.700 &i\ S3'; ST.U
AtcfeSeae r^ M fsft 1*6% 10014 io<»
ri!(* Ohio 2.R0O Sl«4 ft] 91 it
F. & Ohio r>fd l(>rt 93 03 J)3
(~3r.niU:i raclflc .. T.&00 132',^ 132 JS2U
Oatxvl cf s J ... 100 lsiu j8i 14 iKO';
Cbt* * Ohio 4.0O0 44V4 4314 43S4
*>«r«rf * Alton 38
Hi! & Aiton pfd KO
Oiic&gD & <i W .. K00 16»i 1G% 16%
cMcfo ft xt xr\.. *«> lsa*^ iw^i iss
Oil. Mil t Et P .. 17.4CW 1C7V4 1G6% lGCVi
f M & Ft P r^d.. 100 1%3 183 182^4
Chicago TAT , «H
r-h! T fc T pfd 14»£
r C C 4- St Louix.. 1.300 f$% 64^ S4«
Colorado 6outhern . 2.000 20 19»4 lt-4
Colo Ho 1st pfd... 4<O .",1U 014, ci
Colo Ho 2d rfd ... l.TOO 2C^ 2«>J 2«H
1 ¦ ':.-.>-.r- * JJudton fl.500 174% 1T3I4 173»4
Del. Lack ti We«t 1.000 »4% 294% 23484
Tw?nv«y & Rio O... 100 29 29 29
lien ft.R G pfd .. i'W 82. W«» S2
Eri« 23.^10 -SK S3 S3
Krie.lrt pM ,. r.,100 Cit=i C9'i «9^4
Eri« £d l»fd LSCO 4S»i 47«J 47%
li-.-V.i'..i. Vj"S1*T -. - 82
Hocynj VrJ pfd . . 1.00 83^ 83H 87»J
Illinois C<-ctral .. 1.3«> 143% 143 142%
Io«t-a Cenirel 7f<O tif,^ 25U 25%
lor* CO! pfd ... 200 48% 46% 46
K*r.«af City Fo .. 200 25 25 24%
Kuif C Sf» pfd .. »i0 47 . 4tf 46H
1/HilfviJle & Nash . 3,700 12S«^ 127*4 129
Marrh«JUia L. , «0« 154% 164% 154U
Wrtrojjol Be^ur ... S.O00 «^4 81 % Si%
M<!ttj;>oI Ft Ry ... 18.200 121% J20 120%
Msr.nwip &' fit Louis 64%-
Ft-1«* S Etc M.' *» « 81% 81 i
M.JHP * S S M pfl 132% ;
Mis»«>UTi P«Ctflc ... *».1OO 1O1*, 100H" 100%
Vf, K«r.* & Tex.. 11.000 27H 27 ' 27%
Mo.'K A T pfd.. 7,700 &6H C5% £5%
KoUori «f Mcx pfd ' S»
N Y 'Votral 4,«00 130 129% 12^i
N^rfcflit'&TS'estern 3,000 7ZM. 71% 7I«4
"•>:folk./c W pfd • »0*i
•Jitarto & M'cfctera." 2.400 34% 34^ 3494
T «:rc::vu«Ma , 28,300 134U 1S3% 183 >4
'.'.iri'tr. CC & 6t L 100 71% 71% 71%
'• ~'.h>c 1055,200 Ti 71% 72%
i ¦ : :.c ""it pfd 2f*> S3 86 S6
li'n'':.;; 'it \<t ... I,W0 f>0 78 79%
Eocf Irlard Co ... 13.000 29% 2SV 21Hi
Kork J,| Co pfd .. L700 73% 72% 72»{
ft LoeU & Han F. 9,000 60% fi8»4 8»%
gt Louie SW .... 1.400 22U 22^ 22
Ft Lsm<* S W pfd. 3.100 49«* -S>4, 48%
F.-Mltturn PacIOe L 23.100 19% 63^ t»i2
ssss: \% u z%-. *:™ -.»* 32ii i! %
radfic .. hi'% iiii ss%
Z ol v.f* L ? al « * w - L200 31% 31 81 U
T, H 1. t \V pfd.. SW M . 50% 4J»"i
T.nion Fadflc 23.100 104»i 103% 103 -i
r,nion Pacific pTd.. &00 94 «4 63^
T.ibaeh 2.800 20% 20«4 20%
«.ff««h PT* ¦¦¦¦¦' 3,«00 42% 42% 42%
S-T'tl 1 5 h?** K " 1<w 17% 17% 17%
TVlHc%n«1n Central . «xi- 20W • jas? 2^>
T.'isconsto Cent pf4 800 « 44% «4'% ,
The market is quiet and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. XI fee per lb for
heavy, ll%c for HKht medium. 14c for light,
14%c for extra light and 17c for sugar
curad; dry salt SWes. lOfte; Bellies. 12c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14c; Call
'forrifa Hams, 13%c; Mors Be<rf. $10@10 50 per
bbl; extra Mess. $11011 50; Family. $l2f$l250
prime Mess Pork. $14 CO; extra clear $24;
Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork, 10-Ve: Pig Perk.
$26; rig»* Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6Hc per lb' for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 10^0 * or pur fi : half-barrels, pure, 10«ic
10-lb tins. UUc; 5-lb tins, ll%c; 3-lb tins.
COTTOLENE^ — One half barrel S»ic- three
half bbls. SVic; one tierce, fl^c; two tierces.
8c; flvt tierce*. 7%c per lb.
Provisions.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1C.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, easier; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 08©l 15; No. 3, $1 0C@l 11; No. 2 red,
$1 10H@l 14?i: No. 2 corn, 50c; No. 2 yellow,
52S52?4c; No. 2 oats, 28>.ic; No. 2 white, 31Vi
O82ej No. 3 white. 2O=;i^:31i4c; No. 2 rye,
77'<.®78c; good feeding barley, 37c; fair to
choice malting. 39@'47c; No. 1 ttaxseed, $1 CSV4;
No. 1 Northwestern. $1 14; prime timothy
teed. ?2 05; mess pork. p*r bbl., $1 12@1 13;
lard, per 100 lbs.. $7 57V4<g>7 CO; short ribs
6ides (loose). $7 62»i@7 75; short cl-?ar sides
(boxed), $8 25^8 50; v.hisky, basis of high
wine*. $1 26V4; clover, contract grad«, $12 23.
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bairels i 49,000. A01.4UQ
Wheat, bushels ... — 16S.4OO H0:i,400
Corn, bushels .7 281.200 ttM.fiOO
Oats, bushels 437,S»OO 403,0CiO
Rye, bunhels 548,000 324.000
Barley, bushels 300,900 89,700
Cash Graiu and Provisions.
HISTERX MARKETS.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. JO0%lC6Tg!4s qr ep new.l31}il32^
4s qr reg. . .106% 10*;% j 3a qr coup.. .105^100
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6a. — — | Oak T Co 6s.l2O 122
Asso Oil os. 73U — I Do 5s 112 —
Bay CPC S^lOl 1 ?* — Do con 5s. 102 103
Cal C G 5s. 102 H — I Oceanic S 5s. — —
Cal G &. K g I Om Cable 6s.l20,V> —
m & ct 5s. 81 — Pac G Im Is. — QJ
Cal-st.C 5S.112H — P E Ry 6a.. — 105#
C C Wat 5a. 8S — P & C H fla.104 —
EdL & P tis.122 125 P & Q R Ga.114^115
F & C H Cs. — — Powell-st' 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 50 — Sac KGARAa.lOrt 101
H C&S 5^is.lC5 — SF 6 SJVSs.117 ¦ —
Do 5s 9**i — Sierra R 6s..lUt4 —
Hon R T Cs.lO7»i — S P of A Ca
L A Elea *s. — 104 (19001 109% —
L A Ry 5?.. 114% — <1810) .....loe»4 —
L A L Co Cs — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6*. — — (1905)Sr A.10OU101H
Do jrt'l Ss.100 — (l«ic.)?r B.1C<V>: —
LAP lem &8.10S — (1906) ,....103HiPi%
Mkt-st C 6s.ll5 — (1912) .....113% —
Do lem 5s.ll5 — SPC 1 eg 6s.ll7U —
MVA MtT5s.lO5 — | Do stampd.l00»t —
NRR of C6s.lO>i 10«H S P B R 0S.132 —
Do 8s 111 — 8 V Wat 6».104«, —
N P CR 5S..106 107 Do 4s 2dm.lOOVl —
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 09U —
N C P C 5s. — 1»9 Do g mtg4s 93% —
N S R R 5s. — 103 Stkn G&Efls. 93 —
O G L&H 5s. — llOVlIU G & B 5S.102U —
O W gtd 5*. — 100 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 36 [Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. — 39«4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3^ 3%|S F G A B. 91% 61H
Mutual E L. — 12 Stkn G & K. — 5U
Pac L Co... 59 60^1 U G A B co. — —
* * - - INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnfl, — 330 -|
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 |LPt A 150 —
Anglo-Cal -.84 87 I Mer Trust — 235
Bank of Cal. 42O 425 Merch Ex... r 50 86%
Cal Safe Up. — 15Q S F Nationl. — — .
Flrflt Nationl .— - — ¦ ¦
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S &. L.2330 — Sav £ L So.. — IOO •
Hum S. & h. — — Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.615 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..19G'i200 | Presldia — 42'i
Geary — 4.0 I
POWDER.
Giant 63% 64H!VIsorit — 4«
SUGAR. . .
Hawaiian C. 66 — (Makaweli C 28U 29U
Honokaa S C 15^ lSHlOpom^a S C. 27% 29
Hutch SPC 0T» 10 (Paauhau S C. 15V* 13U
Kilauea S C. — 4tf | " •
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.126«41i8 ! Oceanic S C«. 2« 3W
Cal F C A. iW-%100 I Pac Aux FA. 4^4 —
Cal Wine A. 82«£ 82U[Pac C Borx.156 157U
MV& MtT6s. — 105. jt'ac S Tel Co.112 115
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — • ;
25 Alaska Packers* Assn... 127 (M>
1C0 S F Gas & Electric: 61 0O
250 Spring Valley Water Co 38 25
25 Spring Valley AVater Co S.S r.lK
$5,000 Cal G & E G M &. C T 5», a 5. 81 50
Street —
»3,000 Cal G A E G M & C T 5^.... 81 37ii
Afternoon Session.
Board—
65 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 6« 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 15 371/
15 S F Gas A Electric 61 25
50 Spring Valley Water CA 39 3711
60 Spring Valley Water Co. b 5... 38 50
Street-"*
65 Honokaa 8 Co 15 t 2 ii
65 Hutchinson S P Co * 9 ffitl
- X5 Hutchinson S P Co 10 00
•60 Onomea Sugar Co S8 00
MONDAY. Oct. 10—2 p. m.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHxVNGfl
The* Consolidated Raisin Company baa ad
vanced Its" prices on old stock seeded and quo
tations for seedless also show a fractional ad
vance- The Raisin market is extremely un
settled owing to the recept rains.
There are slight changes In Apricots and
Nectarines, both .of which are firm, acd
Peaches also rulg strong;
FRUITS— Xew crop^Apricots. 7}i@10o for
Royals and t)@12c for Moorparkg; Nectarine*.
t>@7yjC-for White and 6@6Vio for Red;
Peaches. tf&esViC per lb; P«ars, 7(S12c;
Plums, pitted. tigrlHc for black. 8®SVio
for red and 7<j.S',ac for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks. 50c: 3-crown. 5Sc; 4-crpwn. 60c: 6
crowu. 65c; bulk white. 2%@3c; black. 3%c.
Evaporated Apples 5^4©7c per lh.
PRUNES— 1%@1%o per lb for the four sizes
and 2 Vic basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1804 crop f. o. b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters. $2 2502 50; Dehesa. 51 8502;
London Layers SOc@$l; Loase Muscatels. 4
crown. 3%«4c; 3-crown. 3@3%c; 2-crown.
2%@2%c: Seedless. 2^A(82Vio: Floated. 2%c;
Seeded. iSTiasiic; Thompson's Seedless 4%c;
Seedless Sultanas. ZGZMci, 1903 crop — Loo**
Muscatels. 2«j2V-Se: Seedless. l»4<?2e; Floated.
2c; Pacific l?i@2Uc; deeded, 3%@4%c; Mal
agas. l%@244c per lb; Seedless Sultanas, 2c.
NUTS— New Walnuts. No. 1 sofubell lie;
No. 2. 9c: No. 1 hardshell. IOVjC; No. 2,'8.Hc;
Almonds. 16@17c for Nonpareils 14fjfl4Uc for
I X L. ia@14c for Ne Plus Ultra and lie for
Languedoc; Peanuts, Wile for Eastern; Pe
cans. ll@13c: Cocoanuta. $4 S0CJ5; Chestnuts.
10@15c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. ll^#13c for white and 10#
lie for amber; water white extracted, SVj'ii
6c; light amber extracted. S@5Vic; dark, 3{*
4 He.
BEESWAX— 27(g20c per lb.
Pried Fruits, Xuts, Kaisius, Hoqey.
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
lOOsAnde.*, ,.....". 30! 10O Hale A Nora. ««
IOO Andes ....... 2»! M0 Mexican .. V Ah
80)> B«lche.r •"•'•; 400 Ophlr 3 73
200 Belcher 35; 100 Overman ....*. 21
500 Caledonia. .... 321 500 1'otoat 1:»
:W Challenge ... 27; 100 Savage ....... 37
HOO, O»o;iac 241 60d Sierra N«v 43
40O Con Cal & V.2 05' 600 Sliver Hill.... 55
500 Cea Cal & V.3 lf>( 500 :< Viuca Con..., M
300 Gould & Cur. 241 600 I'Ub 13
3C0 Hale A Vorc. 65J 3C0 Yellow Jacket. "28
- • ' Afternoon Session.- ' , '
IOO Alpha 20|. 800 Potosi IS
300 Andes 28 20o Savage. 37
3UO Caledonia 60 100 Sierra. Nev... . 42
700 Coo Cal & V.2 00 900 Sierra Nev...; 4t
300 Con Cal A. V.2 05 300 Sliver Hill 58
1000 Con Imperial. 02! 100 Silver Kill .V.
300 Ctqwo, Point.. 151 3C0 Union Con 52'
SyO Mexican 1 401 300 Union Cdn M
300 Ophlr ...... .2 6ft! 300 Utah - . 12
300 Overman . . . .- 20| 100 Tellow Jacket. 25
CLOSING QUOTATION3..
MO3TDAT. Oct. 10—3 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I . Bid.. Ask.
Alpha 19 20?Julia 09 in
Alta 06 08' Justice «» 1O
Andes 27 291 Kentuck ...... 04 05
Belcher 85 3flj Ladv Wash ..02 ft%
Best & Belch. I 25 1 35 Mexican 1 35 1 40
Bullion 2,1 251 Occidental ..., 75 «»
Caledonia 6« K2'Ophir »«O2«5
Challenge ... 23 ••>;} Overman 20 21
Chollar ZJ 21jPotosi IS 1^
Confidence ¦ ¦ -\ 0(> 1 101 Scorpion 08 no
Con Cal & V.I M t 951 Savage 3« "7
Con Imperial, ftl 021 Seg Belchet... 12 13
Con NY Ort 07> Sierra N«v 40 42
Crown Point.. 15 16! Sliver Hill 85 5«
E. Sierra Nev 05 0«}St. Louis .... OS "—
Eureka Con.. — 60 'Syndicate 03 rs
Kxchequer ... 55 5-'l Union Con • • • • 40 5»>
Gould & Cur. 25 2rtfUtah 1».*»13
Hale & Norc. «2 63 Yellow Jacket 25 2S
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah MiiUn? Exchange; yesterday:
' Morning Session.
COO MacXamara . 37| 1 \< O Paymaster ... 03
6M> MacNatnara . Sol 1000 Ton Gold Mt. 1*
400 Mont Ton..t 92t£l
Afternoon Session.
540 Dlamondfleld. 43! 200 Jumbo 71
800 Goldfleld B Bl 09! SCO MacNamara ... 38
100 Jumbo 73! 200 Ton Midway.. 47
1000 Jumbo 721
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Adams. CO 111 Littfe Ton .. 23 —^
Blue Bull M. 25 — I MacN'amara . r.S 36
Colehan — 03 Kit Extea .. 07 —
Columbia 25 2C Mont Ton..l 90 1 9m
Dlamondfleld. 4.'. — N Y Ton — 05
Esperanza ... 01 02 Paymaster ... 03 —
Bula Con 04 — Pine Grova . . lr —
Gold Anchor- — 271 Ray Kxten . . — - 0-t
Gol(ffleld B Bl 09 —I Bay A O'Brien <M —
Ooldfleld BAB 14 — Bed Top -15 —
Goldfield Mln 6S tfli Rescue 1(> 13
Ooldfleld SPk — 1S| Sandstorm ... — 27
Goldfield Ton. 11 — [Ton Beimont.. 62 —
Gold Mt Con. — fl2ITon Extea ...1 7l» .—
Hna M^IAS. — 10|Ton Gold Mt. 15 1»
Han Mut Ca 10 — ! Ton Midway.. 4« 47
HazpJ Kirk .. — 12! Ton Nev..7 KJ4 8 3T^
Jim Butler .. 45 6HTon N Star ... 15 —
Jumbo .73 741 United Ton . . — «S
S^OIARY OF THE MARKETS. I
LocaJ «ocks and bonds qtdet -vnd fea
tureless.
Wall street stocks steady to firm. Cot
ton iiisher.
Silver advanced %c Slight fluctua
\T-T Ons ln i^uanse.
Wlieat and Uaricy quiet, with weak
future*. *
Oats offering more fiwly. Rye quiet.
<-x>rn again arriving freely from the
West.
Hay and Feedstuflfs as previously
quoted.
Bea a market kept unsettled by the
continued rains.
Potatoes i« larjre receipt, but steady.
*eyetables aiuT Onions in lighter re
ceipt and firmer.
Poultry steady. Game in light re
ceipt and higher.
Rain cuts down arrivals of fresh
JVuit. Cranberries lower.
Kai-ins very unsettled, owing: to th©
storms.
Proiisiuns quiet and unchanged.
Wool, Hides and Hops as before
quoted.
Cattie, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Fruit Crop Report.
FToni the «~rop Bulletin. United States De
partment of Ac. iculturr , Wa^bington D. CT.
tor the viir.k en«>d Septen:ber l»04:
AltbouKl; damaged by high winds la New
York, a good crop of appies is promised in
that State; little injury was c&usfcd to apples
fc> the r.cnt freeze In >Tew England, and a
large c:\.p of pood quality te Tx-lnR picked In
Michigan. Klsewbere a generally inferior crop
i«- taAtcaied.
-N>« IZimjUi C— The freeze of the 22d was the
i-oldest ev»r known at tM<! season; apples little.
:r,.iurrtj- pu-Ksnir « ill eoon conimf-nce.
New York— lloi>s harv**ted; arpies damaged
by !-.lgh Wtefis; tood crop generailly.
N"c\v J«-is«->-— Killing lrcsts cm mornlrgs of
22d and iru.' did Imnnerst damape to tender
vine croi>«; anple picking begun; grapes below
av«raK«- ; cranb-rry picking well advanced.
Pennsylvania— KHIIng frosts of 22d and 233
caused scrteus damage to fruit; apples fair in
•eetions. pears and plums plentiful, peaches
IK or except on highlands.
MarjrtMNl and Delaware— Frosts Injured to-
ITitt'tS.
'. isrinU — Fruit, especially apples, scarce.
Noji.a Carolina — Grapes and apples better
than expected.
Florida— Some complaint of citrus fruits
*p!itungr anj faling; trees present good a&
i*i.rance.
Arkansas -Apples and peaches fair crop* of
i! «-c»uni quality.
T<nressee — Apples promise fair crop
Missouri— Light and inferior croo of 'atJDles*
gra;>e£ excellent. -"*•»' .
Indiana — Grapes and plums abundant- pears
tit^ning. fair yi*ld being- marketed; apples
continue falling. vtftmm
Illinois — Apples* fair northward poor else
where; prapt-* abundant.
West Virginia— Apples falling; and will make
about half a crop.
Ohio— AppW-e fair to good; irrapes and rlams
abundant and pood. »-•—
Michigan— Large applt crop of good quality
being pick«»d.
¦Wisconsin — CYanbprri^« much improved cron
exctller.^ but small yield. P
Kansai — Apple? joor to very good
Idaho— Larte quantities of fruit of excellent
guaiity being shipped from southwest valleys
Colorado — Ar>pl<s best crop ln years
ftah — Fruit generally above average
Washington— Hop picking finished;' crop
-uaW '' QW ™<i tO avcrae * according to locafity;
•Jregon— Prune curing progressing, yield
.;ght; tj ;.]fc S prociiae abucdant yield.
CHICAGO. Oct. 10.— A radical decline In
grain prices at Liverpool had a depressing in
fluence on the wheat market here at the open
ing. The December option was off a shade,
while May was higher. The weakness, abroad
was duo mainly to large shipments from Rus
sia. An additional drag on the local market
was a fresh break in corn prices. For a time
commission houses had liberal offerings, but
the demand wa"s light. As a result December
suld off to $1 07% and May to $1 08&. The
market made a slight recovery on buying said
to be for the account of a leading bull operator,
but trading lacked animation. Continued
heavy -primary receipts were a seemingly ef
fectual check to bull operators. During the
lutttr part of the session, however, the market
became decidedly firm as a result of active
covering by shorts. A report from Minneapolis
stating that a good sized lot had been sold
caused a rise. The Roumanian crop report
came about rhi 9 time, placing the yield at
52,000.000 bushels, compared with 72,000,000
bushels last year. The Roumanian news proved
a useful Instrument in lifting tha market, tije
iK:i:uik! forcing December up to $1 0S% and
May to $1 oa%. T&e market closed firm, with
December at $1 0S% and May ?1 OO^Sl 00%.
A continuation oX warm weather was the
principal element in a weak corn market. De
cember opened h*@~A.e lower at 47^@48>ac,
sold between 47%c and 4SVic and closed at 4Sc.
Oats were easy. Deftmber closed %c lower
at 28*1 e.
Provisions were weak on general liquidation.
At the close January pork was off 27>4c at
$12 75; lard and ribs were each down 7%c at
$7 40 and $7 U7>4.
The leading futures ranged as follows: ¦
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 1 OSVi 1 OS "4 1 07% 1 OST,
May 1 ittji 1 «)% 1 OS'* 109%
Corn No. 2 —
October . .... 49Vi
December 4SH 4$}i 47% 48'
May 4t}V£ 461* 45^ 45?4
Oats No. 2 —
October 2SM/&
December SOU 30% 20% 20%
May 32Vi 32% 31% 32H.
M»« Pork, per bbl.—
May 12M 12 87Vi 12 72>£ 12 72V6
October 11 35 11 35 11 20 11 20
December 11 45 11 45 11 30 11 SO
January 12 5)0 13 00 12 70 12 75
Lard, per 100 lbs. — ¦
May 7 40 7 47>i 7 40 7 42ft
October 7W> 780 7 75 755
December 7 37^ 7 S'Va "35 7 35
January 7 40 7 45 7 .'i7»i 7 40
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs. —
October 7 85 7 S5 7 45 7 45
January ti 7!2Vi « 75 « «5 6 67"»i
May 6 Siiv, « S2>/4 « 72^4 « 72Va
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver advanced %c.
LOCAL. ,
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*... — $4 8*
Sterling Exchange, sight ......... — 4 86
Sterling Exchange, cable* — . 4 87
New York ExchaDge, sight...... — 07ii
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10 ;
Silver, per ounce :.;.:... — 57?a
Mexican Dollars • — 48
INTERNATIONAL,'
New York on Paris • ....0.17^
New York on Mexico .21tJ
Paris on London 25.14^ ;
Berlin on London 20.35
-¦ • r
Wheat and Other Grains. |
WHEAT — Foreign futures, were lower and [
weak. The world's shipments for the week |
•were aa follows, in quarters: Russian, 740,000; [
Danublan 124,000; Argentine, 72,000; Indian,
163.000* Australian 90,000. The American vis
ible, supply showed' the large increase of 3,232,
000 bushels.
Chicago declined from $1 O8V4 to $1 07%
and closed at $1 08%. - .
In this market futures were lo-wer and quiet.
The cash, gcahi was also quiet, the buyers
being shy and not disposed to pay askinjr j
prices, -but quotations remained unchanged. A
dispatch from Portland said that Wheat is
Soing East at the rate of 100 cars every day,
nd this is rapidly draining tha three North
western States of the l»0t crop. At this rate
it will take seventy- two days yet to move the
balance of the Wheat already gold to Chicago I
and the Middle West. About «,5O0,0QO bushels
of this Wheat still remain to be moved. " The
shortage in cars has checked buying for Chi
cago account up north as already mentioned.
* CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45@i 52 H: California
White Australian. $1 55Q1 <»%; Northern
Club. $1 45<$1 52 Va: Northers Bluestem, $1 60
61 62H per Ctl.
FUTURES.
* ' Session 9. to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. - Close.
December ...$1 51 $1 "¦' '4 ?1 30% $1 50%
May 151*4 152 151% 1 61 fc
2 p. m. Session. . .
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 51 $1 51 $1 61 $1 51
! May 1 51% X 51% 1 51% 1 51%
BARLEY — The week opened quittly, with
very little variation in priefs. Inhere w«re
sales of cash grain at $1 12Vi. Futures were
weak, with not much doing.
CASH BARLEY. i
Feed, $1 O7»4@l 12H: new Brewing and
Shipping, $1 15@l 17V6; Chevalier. $1 17V4©
1 22 H per ctl.
. FUTURES.
Sesolcn, 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...?1 10% ?1 11 $110% $1 n
2 p. in. Session.
December — $1 11. /
OATS — There is nothing .further new to re
port in this market. Receipts, continue ample ,
and the market Is quiet, with offerings larger
than they have been and consisting almost ex
clusively of Red.
White $1 37ii@l 55: Surprise, $1 50@l f0;
Red for feed. ?1 32@1 45 for No. 1 and $1 22>,J
(&.1 30 for No. 2; extra fine tor sued, $1 42 1 ,i'n!
1 50; Black. $1 30»&;l 35 for feed and $1 5U@
1 70 for seed.
CORN — Receipts of Western are again free
and 1S0O ctls came in yesterday. The mar
ket Is quiet; at previous prices.
Western sacked. *l 40«r?l 45 for Yellow. $1 45
for White and $1 40@l 42H for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow, $1 40#l 45; small round
I do, $1 55©1 62H: White, nominal; Egyptian.
L $1 sr.ff'1 45 for White and $1 25®i 30 for
! Brown.
RYK— fl 35©1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
• . Flour and MUlstuffs.
. FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80@
' 5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 7C-4J.1:
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $404. 50
per bbl.
M1LLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are aa
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 .per lOU lbs-
Rye Flour. «3; Rye Meal, $2 75; Rice Flour. 1
i $u Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do. $3 CO; •
' Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats, $4; Hominy, j
$3 C0®3 S5; Buckwheat FloUr. $4; Cracked '
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, f 3- 79;. r Whole Wheat!
Flour, $3 50: Rolled Oatsi bbls '$6 50<27 50; In
sacks. $4 25: Pearl Barley $5; Spilt Peas.
boxes. $5 50; Grern Peas. $5 SO per 100 lbs.
i Hay and Foodstuffs.
The situation In these descriptions remains I
as before. Bran roles firm, with moderate of- j
ferings. Receipts, of Hay were large again
yesterday, being 12S2 tons, including 87. cars. I
Choice clean lots were firm and In very fair
demand.' while weather- stained lots were not
I wanted.
BRAN— $2f@2t per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@28 per ton.
SHORTS— f20(&21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23 B0©2i per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $Hl B0§32 60-
Jobbing. $3.1; Cocoa nut Cake, $22©23; Corn
Meal. $30 6O©m 50; Cracked Corn, $31»3 4 »*
Mixed Feed, $22©22 50; Horse Beans. $3w94(J
per ton; Broom Corn Feed 00c per ctl
HAY— Wheat. $10@15; Wheat and Oat $100
14 50; Oat. $0@13; Barley and Oat $S<31^
Volunteer Wild Oat. $7@10; stable $9@ll*
stock. $5 50S7; Clover. 7@10; Alfalfa. $a@ii
per ton.
STRAW— 45365c per bale.
Roans and Seeds,
A further slight advance in Liraas is noted.
They are very firm, with the farmers not sell
ing. The crop is now estimated at about
400,000 sacks, and It is reported that owing to
the rains about uO.000 sacks will not be har
vested. Most other kinds are more nominal
than ever, as this second gtorm has Increased
the damage, and put the market all at sea i
again. At the same time there Is some move- ,
nient In large White and colored kinds to
Montana and the Southwest, several cars per
day going out on this business, and these de
scriptions show rather better prices In conse
quence. The whole situation la vague and I
contradictory i
BEANS — nayos, $2 25®2 56; Pea $2 90@3 10-
Butters, 82 7503; »mu!l White. $2 !)iift3 15
large White. $2 25@2 BO; Pink. $2 75@3 10;
Red. $3 76@4; Lima. $4@4 20; W Kidneys,
1 $4 C0#4 7- r >; Blackeyea. $2 35@2 65 per ctl'
Horse Beans. ?1 85#2 40. ' '
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, $3 23: Flax, $2@2 75; Canary 6%
«7c; . Alfalfa. 15%@l6MsC: Rape lU@2Hc;
Timothy, 6%c; Hemp. 3U@334c per lb; Millet.
2H^3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nileu $2@2 25; n,w Greea
Peas. $2^2 25 per ctl. \
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Arrivals of Potatoes over Sunday were heavy,
aggregating over 6000 sacks, but a firm feeling
prevailed, as it was expected that subsequent
receipts would be light because of the rain,
and prices were well maintained. Fancy Sa
linas Burbanks were wanted and some marks
brought an advance. - Onions arrived freely,
but the market was reported steady at the 1
previously quoted rates.
Receipts of miscellaneous vegetables were
light, as the rain checked the movement from
some sections, and prices of some kinds were
higher. Fresh arrivals of Tomatoes cleaned
up readily at prices ranging from 85c to 50c
per box, while old and poor lota continued to
drag, with some selling below the quotations.
POTATOES— Burba nk.o from the river. MOO
75c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 1O@1 40 per
¦ctl: 8weet Potatoes. $1©1 13 per ctl.
ONIONS— $1@1 20 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75c<S$l 25 Tjer
sack or crate; String. Beans, 2Vj@3o per
lb; Wax Beam. 3@4c per lb; Lima
Beans. 304%c per lb; Tomatoes, 20®
60c per box; - Summer Squash, 40® 50c per
box; Cabbage. 1Z". per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack;
Cucumbers. 35@50c per box; Garlic 4Ufi4Uo
per lb; Egg Plant. 3oigi5ac per box; Dried Pep
pers, nominal? Green Okra, 3S@50c per box*
Green Peppers. 1 40Q65c per box; Marrowfat
Squash. $15 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry opened the week steady, . small
young chickens - particularly being in good de
mand and firm. The market was slenderly
supplied . with domestic stock and prices ¦» for
that line of goods stood . as previously quoted.
Two cars of rWestern were marketed and
cleaned up well -at- good .prices. Game was
in light receipt and generally higher. English
Snipe were offering and brought $8 per dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkey*,v old, !4®15c per
Jb for GpbbTere. and 15@l«c for Hens; . youns ,
Turkeys, 20#22a per Ib;- Geese, per pair $1 50
91 75; Goslings, $1 75@>2; Ducks. $4 50<&5 per
dozen for old and $1 MiftO for young; H?a»,
$4 C0@S for small and $5 50(&ti for Urge; young
Roosters $5@5 60: old Roosters. $4 5U@5- Fry
ers, $4@4 50; Broilers. $3@3 60; Pigeons. $1 29
p*r dozen for old and $1 50@'£ for Squabs.
GAME— Wild Doves' - — « per doien; Gray
Oee«e, $5 per dozen: English Bnipe, $3 p.-r
dozen; Hare. $1 25@1 75 per dozen; Rabbits,
S2 pe r dozen for Cottontails and $1 50 for
Brush. • v.
Butter, Cheese arfd Eggs.
The continued rains - have "mori o r le?s " un- '
eettled the Butter, and ESK markets, rendering
fancy goods firmer and the medium and lower
grades weaker.' Extra fine creamery Butter
and ' fine large | selected white | ranch I Eggs I are
in slender supply and firm, and sales of both
at ' an advance over the closing quotations of
last week are reported.-' The medium and lower
grades of Butter are dragging and : sellers - are. '
making concessions i to move , them, ¦¦ Cheese hi
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. OCTOBER 1&>
Flour, qr sks...l9.260iWool. balea 843
Wheat, ctla 3. 4*fii Shorts. ¦*• 315.
Barley, ctls .... 6,6851 Tallow, ctls .... 252
Oats, ctls ..".... 913 Leather, rolls ... 74
Beans, sks 228! Hides, No _ <**H
Corn (West), ctla 1,800 Pelts. No 8,843
Potatoes, ska ... 5,254 Li m*. bhl* 273
Onions, sks 1.0171 Paper, reama ... «[3
Brans, sks 2.6»9lWlne. gala * 4 * 75 £
Middlings, sks .. 400l Quicksilver, flsks. lift
Hay. tona 1,282* Broom Corn, bdls 139
Hops, bales ..... 1,1721 Broom Seed, sks. 1,606
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 915| Flaxaeed. •*»•••• V^
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 17,2011
?
STOCK MARKET.
Stock .and Bond exchange Holds Its
Annual Meeting.
Local stocks and bonds opened' the week
quietly, with few changes, the most prominent
of which was. an advance In Hawaiian Com
mercial to $6& Sp»ln« Valley Water was frac
tionally higher. The Tonopah and oil stocks
were dull and featureless. The. Comstock min
ing share* were in fairly active movement,
with a firmer tone la the northend group.
Ex-divldend yesterday: Monta Cristo Oil
Company, regular monthly, la per share,
amounting to $5000; Maria County Water Com
pany, regular quarterly, 75c per share, amount
ing to $4500; Giant Consolidated Powder. Com
pany, regular monthly. '50c per share, amount
ins to $10,000; California Wine Association,
regular monthly, eOc per share, amounting to
$20,125 20; the Mackay Company, a regular
. quarterly dividend of 1 per cent on the pre
ferred stock; the- WeaUnghuuse Electric and
Manufacturing Company,' a regular quarterly
dividend of 2ft per cent on, the, assenting and
j non-assenting stock. ' ".
' At the twenty-second annual meeting of the
' Stock and Bond Exchange yesterday the fol
lowing officers were elected: President, Edt
warcl Barry; vlca president, Wcrthlngton
Ames; chairman, Walter Turnbull; vie* chair
man, D. B. Wilson; secretary, Harry
Schwartz; treasurer, Daniel Meyer.
Following is a summary of the transactions
In bondo and stocks, for the fiscal y«*r of- the
exchange ended September 19. 1004:
Par Value. Amount.
Bonds $7,882,800 $8,356,123
Stocks. Shares. ' Amount.
Water 51,3.4 f Srt9.Sl2 »
Gas and electric... 36,012 1,945,643 50
Insurance 153 50,4.30 OO
i Banks, commercial. . 1.3M3O 21ft, 708 90
Banks, savings. v . ... . 48 27.705 00
Street railroads 399 Ou.042 75
Powder ;. 3.608 181,347 DO
! Sugar 58.736 1.183,673 12^
Miscellaneous 15,091 1.400,070 63 H
Total 136.771) $6.O19,0«2 75
Total bonus and stocks tor year 14,374,185 75
Total sales tcr 22 years. 274.S8S.268 34H
Besides the above transactions for the past
year a large business ' in bonda and stocks^
chiefly in the 4 .per cent bonda of the Vnited
Railroads cf San Francisco, was don* in the
unlisted department of the- exchange.
LOCAL 5IARKETS.
Lead was unchanged at £12 10s 6d and
$4 20@4 30 in the local market.
Spelter was a little lower abroad, closing
at £22 12s Cd, while locally it remained un
changed at 95 10<fj3 20.
Iron closed at 60s 3d in Glasgow and 43a 6d
in yMiddltsboro. Locally iron was unchanged.
«,Q£l foundry Northern is quoted at $13 i5@
14 25; No. 2 foundry Northern, $14@14 50; No.
1 foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry South
ern, soft, $13 75@14 25.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The London tin mar
ket was again slightly higher, closing at £129
10s for spot and £128 17s 8d for futures. Lo
cally, however, the market was rather easier
ae a result, it seemed, of rather freer offer
ings an da light demand, and spot closed at
$28 25Q28 45.
Copper was unchanged at £59 12a 6d for
spot and £51) 15s for futures in the London
market. Here it remained firm and about
unchanged, with lake quoted at |13©13 12ft;
electrolytic, $12 h7%@13; casting, $12 62%@
U i5.
New York Metal Market.
CITRUS. FRUITS— Oranges, $2 50@3 50 per
box for Valenoias; Lemon?, $2 50@3 for
fancy. $1 75@2 25 for choice and $1 25{U 50
for Standard; Grape Fruit. >2 50@3 50; Mexi
can Limes, $4 50@5 per case; Bananas. $263
per bunch for Central American and 75c@$2
for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $2 75@3 25.
FIGS— Nominal. . "
MELONS— Cantaloupes, 75c@$l 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melon*. 40@75c per box: Watermelons.
flft.'i per doxtn.
GRAPES — Seedless from cold storage, -650
S5c per box; Isabella, 5O@70a per crate; other
varieties, 25@65c per small box or crate and
5Cc<3$l 25 ,for open boxes; Wine Grapes nom
inal. " }¦
Receipts ot fresh fruits were light yesterday,
as the, rain at the close of laet week checked
picking in the growing districts. Strawberries
and Raspberries in good condition brought
higher prices, only a few chests being received
and there were not. enough Figs or Wine
Grapes on the market for a quotation. Apples
and other deciduous fruits, were In ample sup
ply and moved oft fairly at about previous
prices. The market for table Grapee was
steady except for the Seedless variety, which
dragged at sharply reduced prices. The other
varieties were in free supply and the receipts
came to hand In better condition than ex
pected, only a small portion of the offerings
showing the effects of the recent rains. Citrus
fruits were quiet and all klnd3 stood a9 pre
viously quoted. The feature of the market
was, the arrival of the first new crop Grape
Fruit of the season. Two boxea of the 04
size came in from Orovllle and were. held at
45 per box, but were not sold, having arrived
too late for the regular trade. Trade In Cran
berries was quiet and both Cape Cod and Coos
Bay kinds were being- offered at lower prices.
STRAWBERRIES— $S(g>12 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $^&7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 0@10c per Vb.
CRANBERRIES*-:?? 50 per box for Coot Bay
and $7 75®8 25 for Cape Cod.
APPLES— $1 25^1 50 for rancy. S5c@$l for
choice and 40@75o for common.
PEA,RS-^Bai tletts. $1 25@1 75 pe r box. in
cluding cold storage; Winter Nellls, 75c@
$1 aft; other winter varieties 40@75c
PEACHES— 40<fJ85c per box.
PLUMS — tO^75ij. for small packages and $1
@1 25 for open boxes.
PKRSIMMONS— 75c@$l per box.
POMEGRANATES— 35<£50c for small and
fl@l 25' tor large, boxes.
OVINCKS— 2. r )ft50c per box.
Deciduous and Citrus Frutts.
els; Increase,. 39,000 bushels. Barley, 6,302,000
bushels; increase, 1,158,000 bushels.
I Mexican Central.. 500 1S% 18ft 13%
Express Companies —
Adams 230
American 212
Vnited States 115
¦\\>:iE-FarEO 237
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 50.000 63% 62% 63%
Aiu Car & P. 100 23ft 23% 23^i
Am Oar & F pfd.. 2,400 80% 79^ 79
Am Cotton Oil S00 29)*, 29^ 28%
Am Cotton Oil pfd 91
Am Ioe 1.400 ?% 7\i 7%
Am Ice pfd 3.S00 85 38?i 34%
Am Unseed Oil , 11%
Am Unseed Oil pfd 30
Am Locomotive 2,600 27Vi 20% Zt%
Am Locomotive pfd 800 96% »0?i 96
Am Hmelt & Rfng. 2.300 66% 6« 6«%
Am S & R pfd.... 1,000 107 106% 10CJ4
Am Suear Rfng... 17.300 133% 132% 135%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 3.700 102 100 101%
Brooklyn R T 23.700 59% 57 59%
Colo Fuel & Iron. 6,800 37% 30 36%
Consolidated Gas.. 2,500 21184 210% 210%
Corn Products 200/ 15% 15% 15^K
Corn Products pfd. 1,500 72 71 71
Distillers 1 Secur .. 8,700 2©% 2S& 20^4
General Electric .. S00 171% 171 17r
i Inter Paper BOO 17% 17 17%
I Inter Paper pfd 75
j Inter Pump 83% j
Inter Putnp pfd 78%
National Lead 300 22% 22% 22%
North American ' 91
I Pacific Mall 500 34% 33% 33%
I People's Gas 600 103% 102% 102%
J Pressed Steel Car. 2.900 35% 35 • 35
Pr*sf>ed S C pfd 300 81% 81% 81%
Puilman Pal Car.. 100 225 225 224
Republic Steel 4.500 12% 12 12
Republic Steel pfd. 5,000 52 51% 51%
, Rubber Goods 100 20% 20% 20%
! Rubber Goods pfd. 360 83% 83% 83
i Ter.n Coal & Iron. 27,100 51% 48% 50%
V 8 Leather 100 B% »% 9%
U S leather pfd.. 6O0 87% 87% 87%
U B Realty 700 62 61 1£ «2
V S Rubber 2,000 24 23% 24
I IT s Rubber pfd 1.2t>0 81*4 80% 81
JU S Steel 54,200 19% 18%- 18%
| IT S Kteel pfd 84,5*00 77% 75% 76%
Westinghouse Elec. 500 1CR% 165 104%
Western Union 1.000 92% 92 92
Total sales 80f>,200
Xw York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg..m%lL. & N unified -ts.KJl'i
Do coupon KHitiMan con gold 4c.l0o%
l>o as ret, loi'/SiMex Central 4s... 70
Do coupon lVSUi Do 1st lnc 17%
Do new 4s reg. 131 %\ Minn & St L 4s.. yj
Do coupon 131%|M, K & Texas 4s. 101%
Do old 4s reg.100%1 Do 1'da 83%
Do coupon 100% I Nit of ilex con 4a 7Stn
Atch gen is 102%! N Y C gen 3!6s..lW-» a
Do adj 4s 87%|N J C gen 5a 134%
Atlantic C L 4s. »S%|Nor Pacific 4s UH%,
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 102 | Do 3s 75
Do 3V.s i!5%;Nor *i W con 4a.l00
Central "of Ua 5s.ll2%jOSL 1 4s & partic. 99%
Do 1st lnc 82%! Pa conv 3%s lt'0%
Ches & Ohio 4%a.H>5%! Reading gen 4s.. .101
Chi & Alton 3%s. bl | S L & I M con 5s. US
C B & Q new 4s. 97; 8 ; S L. & S P fg 4g. Stt'i
CM & SP gn 4s.llO j St I^ouis SW lets. 06%
C & X\V con 7s. 12b%| Seaboard A L 4s. Sfrfc
C. J! 1 t Pac 4e. 70%iSo Pacific 4s 94%
Do col 5« S6\!So Railway 5s 117%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01%|TfX & Pac lsts..l20%
Chi Term 4s !8%|Tot st L & W 4s. 73 U
Cons Tobacco 4s. 7."%i Union Pacific ts.lOSU
Colo & So 4s bO->s: Do conv 4s 107
C F & 1 eon 5s. 75 |U S Steel 2d 5s.. S4%
Den & Rio G 4h.1< <"<.: Wabash lsts Us'
Erie prior lien 4s. 99%( Do deb II OjT'
Do gen 4s 87%; W & L Erie 4»... 8i}i&
F AV & D C lstF.ll(i%i"\\is Central 4a... m>l
Hock Val 4%s...lCS%!
New York 31 in ing Stocks.
Adams Con 22| Little Chief " 08
Alice 35 Ontario 3 50
Breet-e . • - 15| Opfclr 2 40
Bruns Con 00! Phoenix 19
Com Tunnel .... 10. Potoel 17
Con Cal & Va... 1 SO! Savage 33
Horn Silver 1 55: Sierra Nevada.... 37
Iron Silver 2 00: Small Hopes 28
Leadville Con.... 05| Standard 1 »o
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — lU S Steel 1ST4
Call loans 2g3i Do pfd 7«;%
Time loan*- ...... -4@5; Westing Common. #0
Bonds — j Mining —
J Aichibon 4s 101%! Adventure 374
Do adj 4s 96%|Allouez 12%
Mtx Central 4s... 67% Amal Copper Ki%
Railroads — • - | Amcr Zinc 18%
Atchison K3H! Atlantic 13%
Do pfd 100 |B!n*hara 28%
Boston & Albany.24S%l Calumet & Hecla.550
Boston & Malne.l&t Cc-ntcnnial .,..-... 28
Boston Elev ." 153%) Copper Range ... CHi
Fitchburg pfd 138 | Daly West 13a?
Mex Central latiiDum Coal sa
N V. N II & H..I03 i Franklin «%
Pere Marquette. . . 76 JGrancy 3%
Union Pacific lK5%!I«le Royale 21%
Miscellaneous — ! Mats Mining .... 5%
Amer Arge Cliem. 10»4j Michigan 7%
Do pM 77 [Mohawk 48%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4%' Mont Coal & Coke 4'*
Aiiot Sugar ....132%! Old Dominion ... 21%
•Do pfd! 132 |Osceola 90
Amer Ttl & Tel. 138'i! Parrot 25U
Amer 'Woolen ... 14%|Qu!ney o«
Do pfd 81 % ; Si'.annon ij
Dom Iron & S... 14%! Tamarack 124
Ed Elect Ilium.. 252 I Trinity 8 i/
Gen Electric 171 | TT S Mining «>i&
Mass Electric 13 ! V S Oil 10
Do pfd 65 Utah 42
Maes Gas 42%! Victoria 414
United Fruit 101 I Wlnona sa;
Un Sho» Mach... 53 Wolverine 95
Do pfd S0% I
Tx>ndon Closing: Stocks.
Cons for money.. SS%!x'y Central 134%
Do for axct ... SS%;x O r & Western... 74%
Anaconda 5%! Do pfd 03
AtcUaon 8fi%!Ont & Western... 35%
Do pfd 10:$ ! Pennsylvania 68%
Halt * Onto 83% i Rand Mines 10%
ran PaciSe 13fi%i Reading 37U
Cbes & Ohio 45%! Do 1st pfd 44
Chi Great West.. 17 i Do 2d pfd 40
Chi. Mil & St P.172 ISo Railway 34
"e Bfers 18%| Do pfd 97%
, Den & Rio G 2!>%;So Paolrtc fll%
lJO Pfd R* (Union Patlfic 1071."
Erie. 34%! Do pfd 91%
Do 1st pfd 71%lu S Btfol 10X
I3o 2d pfd ¦ISVil Do pfd 7S*i
111 O-ntra! ... .147 V4! Wabash ...... r.',"
T.ou's & Nash 1::2%! Do r-fd 4.114
M. K A. Texas.. 28%f RpanUh 4i ....¦".¦ 87
gar silver— Steady, 26%d per ounco>
Money— 1 p«r cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
tliort hills is 2K«2« per cent and for three
months' bills 2 l ; lfi!g2% par cent.
Condition of tlie Treasury.
WAHINGTOX, Oct. 10.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balance shows: Available cash
balance, $161.4G1.B84: gold. $78,070.505.
Xcw York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10. — Cotton futures
opened firm. October, 10.12c; November,
Io.l2r: bid; December, 10.20c; January 10°Oc-
Februarj. 10.26c; March. 10.33c; April, io'36c :
Mav. 10.:i8c .: '
Cotton futures closed steady. October, 10.14c
November. 10.19c; December. 10.27c; January,
10.32c; February, 10.35c; March, 10.40c; April
10.41c; May, 10.42c.
?JZ$ cottcn closed quiet. 10. points higher;
middling uplands, 10.65c; middling gulf, 10.80c.
£•''-• 1 -h, 2^00 bait*.
Xcw York Grain and Produce.
-4^S» W v, V °f Kf W-FLOUR-Recelpts.
74 700 barrels; exports. 7500 barrels; market
oull; Minnesota bakers', $4 5O©4 85 ""*='•
...^^EAT— Receipts. 18,000 bushels; spot
eaey; No. 2 red. $1 14% f. «.• b. afloat No 1
Northern Duluth. *1 18% f. o . b . afloat. Op
tloij* were weak all day and closed %c net
d f cU> , e - M«y. *1 CJ!»-1C«1 10%, closed
fl ll>%; December clospd $1 12% " us «a
HOI'S— Quiet and unchanged. '
H ID KS— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio steady; No. 7 Invoice
$%c; mild, steady. - The market for coffee fu
tures closed steady, with a not advance of
1O&15 points, with sales reported of 38 750
bags, including November, 6.70c; December
6.70@6.M>c; March, 6.9o@7c; May. 7.15®7 300'
July. 7.3O@7,35c; August, , 7.45c; September'
7.6&&7.C5C
SUGAR— Raw. quiet; flair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3%c
refined, quiet. " *
BUTTER— Easy; street prices, extra cream
ery. 2O@2O%c: official prices, creamery, com
mon to extra, 18 Ji 20c. - . . ,
CHEESE— Firm.
DGGS— Irregular; Wertern fancy grades, 22®
23c; Western fancy grades, average best, 21@
21%c
DRIED FRUITS, .»
EVAPORATED APPLES— Arrivals are light
and while demand Is small, . prices ' are i held
at about the former level. • Common are quoted
at 4fe4%c: prime.. ?%@5c; i , choic*. 5%@<»c;
fancy. 6%@7c.
PRUNES — Remain quiet, ¦ but holders are
firm for the larger sizes and the tone - as a
whole is steady. Quotations range - from 2c to
6%c. according to trade. . "
APRICOTS— Are culet, but; firm. Choice
an> held at 7%c; extra cboic* at 10%@10%c;
fancy at U@13o. '
PEACHES — Are firm: choice are quoted at
6%&8%c; extra choice, 8%@00; fancy, 8%9
10c. •
Visible Grain Supply.;
. NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— The visible supply
of eraln Saturday. . as compiled by tbe New
York Produce • Exchange, -s waf as follows:
Wheat. 20.9tf7.000 vbushels; J Increase, 3,232.000
bushels. Corn, 4,655,000. bushels; -decrease,
1,414,000 bushels. Oats, 22.538.000 bushels ; In
crease. atMl'.OOO buahels. Rye. 1.423,000 bUEh-
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Oct. 10.— Clearings. $1,014,094;
balances, $233,666.
TACOMA. Oct. 10. — Clearings, $557,761; bal
ances, $27,657.
PORTLAND. Oct. JO.— Clearings, $1,383,791;
balances. $170,357.
SPOKANE, Oct. 10.— Clearing*, $530,616;
balances, $116,116.
For Eastern markets: "Walla Walla, 83c; blue.
stem, 86c. . . ¦ . .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 10. — Wheat, unchanged. Blue
stem. 8tic; club. 82o.
now scarce and firm and quotations show a
further advance.
Receipts were 48.600 lbs Butter, 468 cases
Eggs and 10.600 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 20c for
extras and 23@28c for lower to medium grades;
dairy. 21@24e; cold storage. 24c r store Butter,
17®2Oc; Eastern creamery. ?l%@23c; Eastern
ladle-packed, lfi@17c per lb.
CHEESE— USEfH^c for choice mild- new and
9@10c for lower grades: Young Americas, 11@
12c: Oregon, 10#ll»4c; Eastern. 10@15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 39@40c for large^ white se
lected, 37@.'l3c for choice and 34@30c for
common: cold storage, 27 % Si •10c : store, nom
inal; Eastern. 25@3$c for firsts and 22@24c for
eeconda and 21c foe bakers'.
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
fe
Complete Dispersal Sale
• OF
OCCIDENTAL
HORSE EXCHANGE,
246 THIRD STREET.
Everything to ¥• sola to the bjgbest bidder,
without reserve; 50 bead of Uors«a. Harnesses^
Saddles. Buggies, Robes, Blankets, Office Fu-
ture. 500 Chairs, lease and good will, both ot
stable and pavilion. The latter tha finest sal*
mark w?«t. o{ Chicago; locality unsurpassed.
Sal* takes placet n«xt
TUESDAY OCTOBER 11, 1904
. . Commencing at 11 o'clock.
Inspection solicited Sunday and Monday.
¦ - . OCCIDENT AX. 9TABLE9.
AUCTION SALE
By order of proprietor of tha Willow Livery
Stable, on Mission st.. between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth, I will sell at public auction
tbe entire contents of stable, consisting, ot T$
good work, driving and business horses, 10O
different styles ot vehicles, such as business.
, top and rubber tire buggies, all kinds, of surreys,
wagonettes, 4-seaters. S-seaters, carts.' light
and express and grocery wagons, §0 sets ot
. »!njfla and double harness,' wkipa. rdb*». blan-
: keta, barn fixtures a&d everything that goes
: to make up a Orst-ciass livery ' atabl*; Uxla
stock is In good working, condition, so any
putt desiring a good horse or vehicle will io
well to wait for this closing out sale, as every-
thing must positively be sold: -no reserve or
I limit ; parties retiring from business.- 3a!»
FRIDAY. OCT. 14, II a. m, . W1L CLOUOH,
Auctioneer.
¦ ; —
J /t^ ?»
AUCTION SALE or horses, wagons. b\)g<l«-i.
harness. WEDNESDAY. October. 12. at Jl «.
m.. ARCADG HOH8B MARKET. 221 SrXTH
STHEET. JOHN J. DQYI.E, AuctloneT.The Paralso Springs are always open. •
Fall hats. 1904, Just* arrived.' nobbier
than ever.' Tom Dillon & Co., opp.Palacc*
EPPINGEP. • TRIALS CONTINUED. — Tbe
cases of Jacob and Herman Eppinger, charged
with obtaining money by. false pretenses, were
again called in Judge. Lawlor's court yester
day. - By consent they; were continued till No
vember 14.' when the 'elections would be ever.
DEAD ON ,THE FLOOR.— Mortimer • Mc-
Roberts, clerk . for Bo«sch & s Co.. 583 Mis
sion : street, ,; was - found : dead I yesterday ; after;
noon on the floor • of « his ¦ room ; In . the \ Metro
politan Hotel, 219 Third street. -': He was about
70 j years ; old and ,had been . drinking ' heavily.
Death was evidently due to natural causes.
Catholic Ladles* Aid Society, Branch
No. 10, has opened 'a rummage i sale
at 545 Sixth -street. /which .-will "con
tinue until ,; October -17. ¦ .During the
week the L committee in : charge will be
pleased to i receive : donations of cloth
ing and household articles.
Opens - Rummage Sale.
Floating spots before the Eyes, dimness
of A-ision, weak eyes, cured by Murine
Eye Remedies. ,A- home cure for Eyes. •
At a meeting of the teachers of the
School Department yesterday after
noon at the Girls' High School build
ing the proposition of the concert and
jubilee that Professor Innis wants to
give here in .May. was discussed. The
proposed entertainment Is to be for
the benefit of the teachers' annuity
fund. Selden; Sturgls.-.was chairman.
Owing to the inclemency of the
weather only seventy teachers were
present- No action was taken other
than to refer the matter to a commit
tee composed of a teacher from each
school.
Meet to Discuss Jubilee.
A heavy southeast storm struck the
coast of Washington , yesterday after
noon 'and was coming, south rapidly
at 5 o'clock last night. 1 The winds
had a velocity of about forty miles an
hour from the Golden Gate to Puget
Sound. The rain, yesterday was mod
erate from San Francisco north.
Forecaster . Willson predicts violent
winds and heavy rain for to-day.
Storm warnings have been sent, all
along the coast.
Big Storm Is Coming.
Congressman Livernash addressed
two open air, meetings last night, one
at the corner of Fourth and Natoma
streets, the other at Fourth and Te
hama streets. In the course of his
remarks, he said in Dart:
An important business man of this city
writes me that he would be glad to support
my candidacy for Congress^ but for the fact
that he fears the adoption of the American
Federation . of Labor's eight-hour bill, for
which I have been working, would injuriously
affect American manufacturers. It is clear to
me that the gentleman has a mistaken view of
the scope of the eight-hour bill; and. as many
others ¦ may share • his misinformation : in - this
regard," it may, be .well to explain Just what
the biir covers. ' - ,
The Federal statutes at present require that
all work ( done > directly by the United States
shall be performed on the eight-hour basis—
that V is ¦ to - say. the .- workmen . engaged ' upon
it shall not bo obliged to toil in excess of eight
hours per - calendar day. 1 • Now. the eight-hour
bill Congress has been declining to pass merely
provides that this •' eight-hour rule shall - cover
ail work done for ; the . Government : Instead of
solely all work done by the Government. It does
not at all touch work done by or for private
individuals; or for ; corporations/' - For Instance,
if-, the elsbt-hour bill were a law," the Union
Congressman Livemash Addresses
Two Meetings on Fourth Street.
TALKS FOR EIGHT-HOUR LAW.
The appeal of Mock Chung from
the decision of United States District
Judge de Haven denying him a writ
of habeas corpus was dismissed yes
terday by the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals. Mock claimed ad
mission to this country on the ground
that he was a native of the United
States. The Chinese bureau refused
to acknowledge him 'as such and he
applied to Judge de Haven for a writ
of habeas corpus.; Judge de Haven re
fused to grant the writ on the ground
that the -applicant had not exhausted
his remedy at law, which was an ap
peal to the Secretary of the Treasury.
.Mock Chung Must Go.
Containing over 1700 In California and every
person and concern in business in the State
arranged alphabetically in their respective
towns; also railroad fares, population, names of
all county officials, banking:, etc. Indispensable
to the business man and lawyer. Informa
tion found in a moment that will take days
to obtain otherwise. A postal to Suits-Shu
man Company. 738 Mission street, or phone
Black 6475. will briny agent with book for In
spection. •
Suits-Shuman Company's State Direc
tory for 1904-1905.
A petition for a writ of habeas cor
pus In favor , of Charles J. Schrader
was filed at the Supreme Court yes
terday. The prisoner, while convicted
of disturbing the peace and awaiting
sentence, was sent to the Central
Emergency Hospital that the Lunacy
Commission might inquire as to his
sanity. A legal tangle resulted from
the clash of authority between the
commission and the Police Court.
Schrader is now In Jail serving his
sentence.
Schrader Wants to Go Free.
The United Railroads yesterday laid
a petition before the Board of Public
Works asking that the curbing at
Kearny and Post streets be moved so
that the street railway company may
comply with the ordinance in laying
their tracks at the proper distance
from the curb. The company has
the right to lay a curved track at
Post and Kearny streets, and in order
to obtain the proper distance between
curb and track it is planned to move
the tracks a foot and a half on one
side, the curbing a foot and a half
back on the other. The petition will
be acted upon at the next meeting of
the board.
Ask to Have Curb Moved.
Several taxpayers appeared before
the Supervisors' Finance ' Committee
yesterday to urge the payment of
judgments obtained against the city
for special taxes paid under protest
in 1902 for schools and a hospital, but
since declared invalid by the Supreme
Court. It was said that Auditor Baehr
had refused to pay the judgments until
he had compared them with the
amount paid In as taxes, and vigorous
Objection. was made to the delay. The
committee took the ground that the
Auditor must pay the judgments as
rendered.
The Supervisors. ordered the refund
of .the taxes .on condition that the
costs of suit be waived' by. the judg
ment creditors and the committee de
cided not to recommend the payment
of interest on the claims. An attor
ney representing forty-four - clients
who ' had obtained judgments j agreed
to .waive interest if his claims were
paid in/ fifteen days, j
Auditor Baehr later "informed the
committee that he .would not pay the
claims until he , had checked the
amounts on the tax books.
Resolutions were passed to print by
the board ordering the return of $35,
477,28 to. the United -Railroads, which
paid the amount to = the city for the
special taxes under protest; also the
return of 53390 07;to the Bankers' In
vestment Company; of' $777 11 to W.
H. White and of $1659 4 2 to Maria de
Laveaga. . .. '
.The ordinance requiring that when
roofs are damaged by fire .to the ex
tent of 40 per, cent of their value they
shall be 1 repaired with! fireproof ma
terials only, was passed to print.,: The
district to which ; the ordinance ap
plies is bounded by Baker and Four
teenth streets in addition to the-pres
ent fire limits. T > •
The petition" of the Merchants' As
sociation -that- the proposed;- charter
amendments to be sub'mitted to a.vote
on' November 8 be postponed in view
of the ambiguity of . the language of
the Stated Constitution relative to the
time for. their submission .was referred
to the Charter; Amendment and Ju
diciary Committee, .which' meets Fri
day ; at 2:30 -p. m. . .At '-. that time all
matters pertaining to := charter .amend
ments, "including, the. direction of the
Mayor to;the Election Commission not
to put the amendments with T one _ ex
ception ; on the will': be consid
ered. The exception is the: amend
ment; modifying the dollar limit of
taxation. \:> • - ¦¦':_ :
S. G. Murphy, who was notified to
serv^ on his precinct board, presented
a physician's certificate that he Is ill.
and the Election Commission will pas3
on his reauest to be excused from
serving.
. Wealthy Men as Election Officers.
Registrar Adams yesterday swore in
as election officers James D. Phelan in
the second precinct of the Thirty
fifth District, Wakefield Baker in the
fifteenth of the Forty-nrst. M. H. de
Young in the first of the Fortieth, Jo
seph D. Grant in the tenth of the
Forty-first, and LiDrrfan Sachs in the
tenth of the Forty-third.
Taxpayers Object to the ]Je
lay in Beturn of Special
Taxes Declared Illegal
J. Toka, a beautiful Japanese
woman, 22 years old, concluded yes
terday a romance of two years' stand
ing by being married after the Cfhris
tian rites in the Japanese mission. The
groom is T. Emaihara. a poultry
raiser of Oakland. The couple were
married "by photograph and names"
two years ago at Yokohama by an im-.
perial magistrate.
The marriage 'certificate, properly
vised and with the photdgraphs of
the couDle on the back, was produced
by the girl on' her_arrival at this port,
but she was required by the immigrant
bureau to be married in the American
style before being allowed to land.
Marriage by photograph is legal and
of full validity in 'Japan. The United
States immigration laws do not pre
scribe remarriage on arrival here,
but the bureau does.
Immigrant Office Refuses, to Recog
nize Validity of Union Lesral Un
der the Laws of Japan.
BUREAU FORCES COUPLE
TO BE MARRIED TWICE
A. DEVOTO DIES SUDDENLY.— A. Devoto.
bookkeeper for an Italian steamship ajrency at
101 Montgomery avenue, was found dead in his
bed at 672 t'nion street yesterday morninp.
He fcad retired at 9:30 r>- in. on Sunday in
rood tpiritE. D^ath was dm> to natural causes.
Mr. Devoto teas born in Italy Fixty years .i?j.
Good printing makes the Knowles shop hum
Edward Knowles Company, 24 Second street.*
The Sacramento Bee of October 8
contains this paragraph: "The late
Walter S. Melick, that stalwart Re
publican secretary of the State., Board
of Examiners, stated to the Bee on
May 2 last that the board of directors
had been extravagantly mismanaging
the Yountvllle Home."
An unsolicited letter from the lats
Walter S.- Melick, written under date
of May 3, 1904, contains this significant
statement:
I know you personally will not hold me r«
srxinslble for the statements that are printed
in tbe Bee, but I write you to ask the other
members of the board who may think that I
inspired such statements to withhold criti
cism. When opportunity - incidentally offers
will you kindly speak to General Backus. Gen
eral Stone and any others who may possibly
think I made any such statements reflecting
upon the institution?
Statement Is Promptly
and Clearly Refuted in Plain
Language.
FALSEHOOD QUICKLY NAILED.
URGE PAYMENT
OF JUDGMENTS
The members of- St. Rose's parish
have worked hard to make this enter-:
tainment a success and hope to, net a
goodly sum. They have spared neither
time nor pains to obtain talent and
have arranged an excellent pro
gramme.
The demand for tickets has been
large, and in order to accommodate
those who have not already procured
seats tickets will be on sale at the box
office of Golden. Gate Hall Thursday
afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Miss Hilda Schlesinger, the well
known whistler, will render a few of
her choicest selections at an enter
tainment to be given in Golden Gate
Hall on Thursday evening of this
week. The proceeds will be devoted
to the benefit of St. Rose's Church.
Miss Schlesinger's ability as an expert
whistler is well known in this city and
a treat is in store for those who at
tend.
There is neither rhyme nor reason In over
work. • The best thought of «the world to-day
favors reducing toward eight hours the work
in every industry in every land, so far as the
character of the various industries and the
makeup of. the various peoples will permit.
Excessive toll is a measure of slavery. Civil
ization will outgrow it.
Iron "Works would remain free to work its
men as the corporation and the men might
agree in so far as the building of a ship
for Japan or for the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company micht be concerned, but it would be
obliged to apply the eight-hour rule on the
building of a new ship for th« United States
navy. ¦• $
Clever Whistler Offers
Her Services iq a
Worthy Cause.
ENTERTAINER WHO WILL, WHIS
TLE FOR THE BENEFIT OF ST.
ROSE'S CHURCH.
There will probably b'e a convention
of 10,000 • members of the Christian
church in San Francisco in 1905. The
Rev. Walter Madison White, D. D.,
and Professor A. M. Elston left yes
terday for Chicago, where 40,000 mem
bers of the church are Ho be In con
vention, and the delegates from here
are to work for the convention to come
to this city. The convention is ' prac
tically pledged to give preference to
San Francisco.
At the Presbyterian Ministers' Asso
ciation meeting yesterday the members
were asked by the Rev. S. R. Wood to
co-operate in providing speakers for
the new chapel which has been secured
at the Presidio for Protestant worship.
It was decided to assume the care the
third Sunday in each month.
Mr. Rader thought the Rev. R. J.
Campbell of the City Temple "the
greatest preaclier who preaches the
poorest sermons of any one In the
world. But he draws great crowds
and is trained in the gifts of reaching
the business man."
As for the personnel of the London
pulpits he failed to find a Spurgeon, or
a Parker, or a Beecher, but he did
hear, he said, bright young men. and,
indeed, there never before were so
many bright young men in the London
pulpits.
The pastor also informed his hearers
that he thought there was more free
dom in the expression of theological
conviction in England than here. The
congregations in the New York
churches he found small as compared
with those of London.
Bishop Harris was the honored guest
at a dinner later in the day, at which
about one hundred were present.
A great assemblage of members of
the Congregational Ministers' Associa
tion met yesterday morning to hear the
Rev. William Rader, pastor of the
Third Congregational Church, tell of
his church experiences during three
months in London. He told of his
preaching in London and of the politics
agitating the churches in England,
which he considered as tending toward
a. closer bond of union.
The proverbial Methodist enthusiasm
was fully demonstrated yesterday,
when one of the largest gatherings of
local celebrities of the Methodist Epis
copal church met in Epworth Hall to
give Bishop M. C. Harris a hearty god
speed on his journey to Japan.
Bishop Harris sails on the Mongo
lia Thursday, October 13, to take up his
labors among a people with whom and
for whom he has spent years of his
life. In acknowledgment of all that
the Bishop has done toward taking
Christianity to the Japanese, the Jap
anese ladies of San Francisco have
presented Mrs. Harris with a handsome
goid watch and chain, while the Jap
anese men have given the Llshop a
well-filled purse, with a direction to do
with it as might seem best when in
Japan.
Dr. F. D. Bovard presided at yester
day's reception, and addresses eulo
gizing the work of Bishop Harris were
delivered by the Rev. George W.
White. D.D.; the Rev. W. S. Matthew,
presiding elder of the district; the Rev.
H. Hiroto, nastor of the Japanese
Mfthodist Episcopal Church, this city;
C. P. Perkins, the Rev. E. R. Dille,
D.D., the Rev. James H. N. Williams,
the Rev. A. C. Bane, the Rev. George
Guth, D.D., and other prominent pas
tors and laymen.
In reply to all the warm eulogies the
Bishop' said he was greatly encouraged
and strengthened by the feeling mani
fested toward him.
Methodist Ministers and Lay
men Pay Tribute on the
Eve of His Trip to Japan
RENDER BISHOP
HARRIS HONORS
The company was incorporated on
April 30. The" complaint alleges that
the company, claiming to exercise
powers granted under its articles of
incorporation, has issued a contract
promising to pay $1.50 for every week
ly Installment of $1, no more than
eighty installments to be received on
one contract. It has done and intend
ed to do no other business. No part
of the money received for weekly in
stallments from the certificate-holders,
it is alleged, is invested to produce an
jncome, and not less than 20 per
cent of the receipts is used in paying
the officers, servants and employes of
the company and for distribution
among its stockholders. The com
pany, it is charged, has no* assets of
any character excepting the weekly
receipts, and no part of the capital
stock has been paid in. the representa
tions to the contrary being: false.
Certificates are now outstanding for
payment at maturity of not less than
$18,000, and the complaint declares
that the company is insolvent and>ha9
not enough money on hand to pay
more than 5 per cent of that sum, and
has never had sufficient to pay one of
the certificates except from the week
ly installments received from the
other certificate holders.
The State of California made a
move yesterday to check the opera
tions of one of the get-rich-qulck con
cerns promising the unwary a return
of 50 per cent on investments. Attor
ney General U. S. Webb and Baggett.
Jones & Sheridan filed an action
against the Pacific Funding and Se
curity Company asking the court to
exclude the corporation from all cor
porate rights and privileges and to
grant an injunction restraining it from
doing business during the pendency ol
this action. A receiver was al6O
asked for.
Funding and Security Company to
Stop Its Operations.
Action Is Begun Against the Fidelity
STATE SUES TO EXJOIX
GET-RICH-QCICK SCHEJIE
Friends and relatives know of no
reason why the young man should
have ended his life. He was about 29
years of age and of an apparently
cheerful disposition.
On last Saturday evening Lee parted
tenderly with Miss de Martini. They
had been engaged for more than a
year. He spoke cheerfully of the
time when they would be married.
But just before he left her he said,
"This may be the last time we may
meet, Millie." The girl only laughed.
They were to be married soon and she
was happy.
Yesterday morning Lee did not re
port to the City of Paris dry goods
store, where he is employed as a ship
ping clerk. He telephoned to his
brother, Robert Lee, that he was ill.
The brother informed Miss de Martini.
The girl hurried to the place where
she thought her lover lay ill. She
found him dying. Beside Lee was a
tender epistle addressed to Millie de
Martini. The heartbroken girl sum
moned an ambulance and Lee was
taken to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, where heroic measures failed to
revive him. The girl waited outside the
place, sobbing, while her lover passed
away. When told that he was dead
Miss de Martini fainted.
Following are extracts from the let
ter addressed to the girl and found
near Lee's bedside:
I am up against it. dear. That is why I do
this. Pray for me. Xever mind, Millie, after
a while you will fcrget all this and only think
of Bill' e as he • goes to his last sleep. I feel
bad for you because you are so good. Will you
go over to see my little nephew? Tell him. I
have gone away, but do not tell him how I
went. Millie, dear, I would like to see you be
fore I go, but I can't muster up courage to
part with you. As I lose my senses, Millie, I
¦will see your kind face and hear your voice.
Good -by.
When Millie de Martini walked into
the room of her fiance, William Lee.
at 780 Folsom street, yesterday she
found him unconscious from the ef
fects of laudanum. He had drained a
vial of the poison and while death
drew near he penned a last letter to
the girl.
Resolved, That a brother member, Charles J.
Williams. b« indorsed , as the Labor Union
nominee for Congressman from the Fifth Con
gressional District. Mr. Williams is now serv
ing his second year as -president of the Book
binders' Union: has been a consistent trades
union man for the past twenty-flve years and
has the confidence of his organization. It Is
*n admitted fact that he will always do
noble service In any capacity.
In the Sixth District J. C. Needham,
the Republican candidate, will be elect
ed for his fourth term in Congress. The
candidacy of his opponent. Judge Con
ley, is not formidable. Advices are to
the effect that San Joaquin County will
roll up a majority of 800 for Needham.
Seward A. Simons of New York, who
has campaigned as a speaker with
Chauncey • M. Depew and Theodore
Roosevelt, will speak at Madera, Mo
desto and Merced.
Local Union No. 31, International
Brotherhood -of Bookbinders, has
adopted the following:
SIXTH DISTRICT.
Bell, the Democratic nominee for
Congress in the Second District, is
making a campaign of personal ex
planation. The Republican news
papers of the district have driven
him from the platform of his
party and he is out in the mud talk
ing about the abolished canteen at the
Soldiers' -Home. In an article signed,
by Bell and published in the Home Al
liance, the Prohibition paper at Wood
land, the notion is given out that the
veterans expended all their money for
canteen checks. This is far from the
truth, as one object lesson will illus
trate. One old veteran. Thomas . Mc-
Donald, saved his pension money until
he had a lump sum of $1000 to his credit
with the treasurer. His outside friends
took him from the home and had a
guardian appointed by the court to
care for him. He died a few months
ago, and recently his estate was
wound up. j The law firm of Bell,
York & Bell, of which the Democratic
nominee Is the senior member, got $150
by allowance of the Napa Judge for
handling the case. The query arises.
Did Bell get this money in canteen
checks or cash? The receipt held by
the board of directors shows that the
guardian received the old veteran's
pension money in gold coin. A photo
graph of the receipt can be produced
showing that payment in cash was ac
knowledged.
The efforts of the Prohibition press to
bring in side Issues to aid Bell do not
disturb the serenity of Duncan E. Mc-
Kinlay, the Republican nominee. Mc-
Kinlay stands squarely on the Repub
lican platform for prosperity and pro
tection. /He is making a splendid cam
paign and winning supporters in every
county of the district.
SECOXD DISTRICT.
The people of this district realize this, and,
while they listen to Mr. Caminetti with the
polite attention that is the . characteristic of
gentlemen everywhere, they will vote, not for
the Democratic candidate, but. for their pres
ent representative in- Congress, J. N. Gillett.
Mr. Gillett belongs to the Republican party
and will not vote to unsettle the present pros
perous conditions of the country. A change In
the tariff would mean that capital, which we
n«ed -to develop our mines, will cease to flow
into this district and would be locked up in
safe-deposit vaults. Mr. Caminetti would
vote to change the tariff. Mr. Gillett will
not. Not only that, but a vote for Mr. Gil
lett' means that the miner will be heard at
Washington through . a Congressman who
thoroughly understands the needs of the In
dustry and who will be heard — a man who is
sincere .and who will secure" such alterations
in the existing law that the resumption of,
hydraulic mining shall be actually brought
about without Injury to the farming interests.
Since the Caminetti bill was passed, the
debris has continued to flow into the rivers;
the birriers erected by the commission have
snapper) like shoestrings before the first
strain, ar.d the number of hydraulic mines In
operation has been reduced to bo few that
they count as none. Since the passage of the
Cam'netti bill, the small owner, . the man of
little means, has found it Impossible to bear
the expense entailed on him unnecessarily by
that statute, and the few hydraulic mines
that are being operated are in the hands of
companies with great capital, for men of
money alone can conform to the requirements
of tho commission appointed under the act.
The voters of the First Congressional
District are taking the measure of A.
Caminetti, the Democratic nominee.
The miners who were twice fooled by
Caminetti cannot be deceived again.
The Grass Valley Tidings remarks:
I trust you will be able to make this clear
to those of your people who are interested in
matters coming before Congress. Yours very
truly. ' J. M. BABCOCK, Chairman.
FIRST DISTRICT.
The Republican State Central Com
mittee is in possession of positive and
direct intelligence to the effect that the
Democrats are preparing to trade
everything in sight to secure votes for
the Democratic Congressional nominees
in the First, Second and Sixth districts.
Offers to vote for Republican candi
dates for the Legislature in exchange
for Congressional support are openly
made. The chief aim of the Democratic
party in this campaign is to secure con
trol of the House of Representatives.
It is computed that a gain of sixteen
seats will give the party that ascend
ency.
The following letter has been received,
at Republican headquarters in this
State from the chairman of the Repub
lican Congressional Committee, Ne^v
York:
George Stone, Chairman, San Francisco,
Cal.: Dear Sir — Your favor of the 5th re
ceived. It goes without saying that a member
of the majority party Is much more potent In
securing legislation In Congress than a mem
ber of the minority, and any 'district In your
State where the people are looking for Con
gressional action, they should by all means
send a Republican representative, for th«
reason that as a Republican he is part of the
organization, as a Democrat is entirely out
sWe of the organization, and the organization
contrc!s and directs the legislation of the
House.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted
Captain John E. Madden permission
to take his son, John E- Maddeo Jr.,
from the State for a period of " four
months. Captain Madden has been or
dered to join his regiment at Salt Lake
and will be accompanied by the boy's
grandmother, Margaret E. Madden.
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Marguerite McClenegan against
Frank McClenegan, cruelty; Jessie
Hall against Earle B. Hall, desertion;
Millicent Harper against John Harper,
neglect; Mary McGarrigan against Mi
chael McGarrigan, neglect; Elena Kat
zung against Charles Katzung, deser
tion; Archibald Charman against L. R.
S. Charman, cruelty.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Hebbard to Robert H. Ellis
from Mae Ellis, desertion; to Nettie L.
Trimpler from William Trimpler, de
sertion; by Judge Sloss to Mabel L.
Semmens from Willie Semmens, cruel
ty; by Judge Kerrigan to Myrtle E.
Richardson from William A. Richard
son, cruelty: to Amelia A. Butler from
Peter C. Butler, cruelty; to Charles
McGim from Anna McGim, desertion;
by Judge Troutt to Robert A. E.
Schroeder from Marie Schroeder, de
sertion; to Max Friebert from Johanna
G- Friebert, cruelty; by Judge Graham
to Marie Christianson from Nick Chris
tianson. cruelty; by Judge Murasky to
Mattie Kessler from Henry Kessler, in
temperance and neglect; to Katie
Baird from Charles W. Baird, failure
to provide.
"She stormed around and made life
unbearable," declares the captain, and
in 1899, one evening when he came
home from work he found her "with
her head hanging over the wood, box
and her face a gory mass of blood, the
result of one of her regular sprees."
On September 30 of last year she "was
again rampant and had to be put to
bed, from which she immediately roll
ed to the floor, cutting herself on the
footboard."
When she came to she accused him
of the "damages sustained from the
fall." Frederici says that when they
were married she owned a house and
lot on DeBoom street, but he paid off
a $1800 mortgage on it and he wants
the money restored.
The divorce case of Mamie Merkel
against Sebastian Merkel, retired, with
$20,000 worth of property, was dismiss
ed yesterday. A stipulation says the
defendant "has promised and agreed
to treat plaintiff properly and conduct
himself humanely toward her in the
future and has given her other consid
erations."
James F. Lawler, ex-pugilist v and
proprietor of the saloon at Turk and
Taylor streets, yesterday asked Judge
Troutt to annul his marriage with
Katie Redan, which occurred at Stock
ton on the first of last month when
Lawler was drunk. The court wants
further evidence.
Picturesque, though unbeautiful, is
the cross complaint filed yesterday by
Leopold Frederici, captain of the tug
Milton, to his wife's suit for divorce.
She charged him with cruelty. He de
nied it. They were married twenty
four years ago and have a daughter
twenty-three years old. Almost from
the day of their marriage, says the
husband, his wife has shown a fond
ness for intoxicating liquors and "clan
destinely succeeded in getting innum
erable bottles of beer and whisky into
the house.
Millie de Martini Faints
When Her. Lover Expires
at Receiving Hospital
Divorce Suit Dismissed on
Husband's Agreement to
Treat Spouse Humanely
Gillett Is Making Vigorous
Campaign iii the Mining
Counties of the State
3MQNLAY IS GAINING
PEOMISES TO BE GOOD
GIRL FINDS HDI DYING
Describes Effects of His
Wife's Alleged Fondness
for Intoxicating Beverages
Democrats Beady to Trade
on Legislative Tickets to
Elect Bell and Caminetti
William Lee Writes Pathetic
Note to His Sweetheart
and Drinks Laudanum
TUG CAPTAIN'S
SPICY ANSWER
DREAM OF BLISS
HAS SAD ENDING
WILL AID
IN CHURCH
BENEFIT
FIGHT TO GAIN
CONGRESSMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, OCTOEER 11, 1904.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r THE 1
! piano !
I Its capacious volume and |
quick responsiveness I
make it especially effec- 1
tive in rendering those 5
passages requiring vigor- |
ous expression. Every I
part reveals that musical I
and mechanical excellence I
which is the climax of 81 |
years' consistent improve- a
ment in piano production, fl
102,000 in Use. |
Bcnj. Curtaz * s on I
Chickerfag Agency |
16 OTarrcU Street, S. F. I
Everything Musical. 1
V J
No soap in all the
world is so cheap.
No soap in all the
yrorld is so good — none
so lasting.
• Sold all over the world.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S orcatJ
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
0 15ElXABrETST.tot.et»*7tt,g.r.Ctl. A
\ ™T The Ljurctt Aattcclctl llnna in Ik. \
A Ty"*} W*r(4. w*tkceuat ct uty caatrtcud A
* S*S KW t<*—— p»»l«l»e»7 «!••« by tti« a!de« T
© /SjS| !>peci»li*t M Ibi Com. EjLj* years. O
A fififf I DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN i
a f (TSffSH Cor>ioU*tfo« fie* and strictly prime \
O I loii H Tr.Ma.rTM pertca*i<y «r by letter. , A A
W fl Sr XI If f*mW0 Cm in crery cue nadtntken. T
UA Wr1teforFo*k.rniX.«««»F*Y«rA
V * I (V> BAnnUbE, MAILED TXZX. (AT
\ A it; nlniUc bock lor mrr) \
V Da JOBD1X A CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. F. V
fnirrrcDci CUBE SICK HEADACHE.
UAH I fclw j
ESiTTLE Genuine Must Be2T
VlVER Fas-Simile Signature
. _ .
An endless variety. Exceptional values. Choice designs.
Pricesthe lowest.
*B* ~ Latest designs. An excellent
1 SBCStrV grade. Oriental ip
« V and floral effects, ir" Sa, A
Ml!*II$$6*lk Colorings that will |f| B H|| B
&P& U>&®&&>$ harmonize with any |i hJIj
color scheme. Worth $1.00. Per yard %# V
?45-259GBIEnr3* ONfHE $®Uj£B8E
Just a minute from Market Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SKIN AND BLOOD
PURIFICATION;
Cuticura Soap, Ointment
II and Pills ;
Cleanse the Skin, Scalp!
and Blood J
Of ' Torturing, Disfiguring Hu-
mours Wil Loss of Hair
GOMPLETETREATMENTSI.OO
Thousands of the world's best peo-
ple have found instant relief and
speedy cure by the use of Cuticura
Soap, Ointment and Pills in the most
torturing and disflgurlns of itching,
burning and scaly humors, eczemas,
rashes, itchings and Inflammations.
Thousands of tired, fretted moth-
ers, of skin-tortured and disfigured^
babies, of all ages and conditions,
have certified to almost miraculous
cures by the Cuticura remedies, when
the best medical skill had failed to
relieve, much less cure.
Cuticura Treatment is local and
constitutional — complete and perfect,
pure, sweet and wholesome. Bathe
the affected surfaces with Cuticura
Soap and hot water to cleanse the
skin of crusts and scales and soften
the thickened cuticule, dry without
hard rubbing, and apply Cuticura
Ointment freely to allay itching, irri-
tation and inflammation, and soothe
and heal, and lastly take Cuticura Re-
solvent Pills to cool and cleanse the
blood and put every function in a
state of healthy activity. More great
cures of simple, scrofulous and hered-
itary humors are daily made by Cuti-
cura remedies than by all other blood
and skin remedies combined, a single
set being often sufficient to cure the
most distressing cases when all else
falls.
SoM throughout the world. Cuticura Resolv-
ent, 50c (In form of Chocolate Coated PIKs,
25c per vial of 60): Ointment. 50c; Soap. 25c.
Depots: London. 27 Charterhouse Sq. ; Piris.
5 Rue de la Paix: Boston. 137 Columbus .Ve.
Potter Drug and Chem. Corp.. Sole Props.
(C^Send for "Skia and Blood Purification."
MyPiice^^ Good
I have other Knives at other prices,
but you can find nothing anywhere
I that is better for 81. OO- My Cut-
lery is a very choice selection from
the best manufacturers in the world.
RAZORS — Good- ones as low as
Sl.OO- Bring your old Razor and
exchange it for a new one.
STAR SAITTT X&AZORS — W-re
$2.00. I reduced the price to 81,25.
A fine selection of Shears and Scis-
sors of all kinds. Also Nail Clippers.
as low as 25c.
RAZOR STROPS — From 25c up.
Razors honed and ground. Honing.
25c- > . • ,
Try a ConkHn's, Self-Filling Foun-
tain Pen. No dirty finger. No leak-
ing. Always ready. $3.OO U P-
Mail orders filled promptly.
THAT HAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET STREET. Opp. P if til.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Centemeri
Kid Gloves
i
have moved to
109 Grant Ave.,
Bet. Geary and Post Sts.
\ MERCHANT TAILORS, |!|
622 Market Street. '
? UpStairs. Opp. Palace Ha taL <;
SAN FRANCISCO. «!
Novelties in Imported Wear \
J^^Efery Woman
Ml^lW^llil u u»*«re«te4 and thould know
fiMW§S*-V\^ lia . about the wonderfal
IWVliStefl'n MARV £L Whirling Spray
\v^XC^O^Ii T!l * n?w T " 1 " 1 Sjrfw- Jnirc-
>t^\^V^V*^>RiSk. hon and Surtinn. Best— Sat-
>£<^S«*4/^»Wfc - __Mt-M8it ConTenient.
HH' 11 'JWigi lUItuwi to.faifr.
jU* j«»r dminitt for It. AS >»-**^?*^-
MARVKL, accept no "^gzakO j—
other, but tend stamp for ?w. "r^M^C.
Illustrated book- MaM. Itglre* V>. / .t&jf
full particulars and diri-rtioin tn- tCf. § £
valuable to ladiet. M.4.RVKI»COm iK/"-- W
41 Park now, s«w York.
J£ 2 .,? Iew , Mon t«cmery, San Francisco. Cal.
WMlam Hatteroth (Ladies' Dept.) 224 Sutter.
Union Drag Co..-40O Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Oscood Brothers... 7th and Broadway Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy U8 Elll*
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
629 SEAB5T AT. KsfaMUh* 1
In 18*4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. I»st M&nbood. DebUIty "f
<1I«*asi» wearlngon hody ami mind anfl
Sktn Diseases. Tbe Doctor cnreswlien
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
(urMEunrinirnl. Call or write.
Dr. J. y. «1BBO>, San Francisco- CaL
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA MIAN A BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; ?lve» health and
strength to -sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
?HE WEEKLY CALL
$1 .pot- Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vtdamsl
IRISH
MOSS
COUCH
BALSAM
PRESCRIBED*BT THE BEST
PHYSICIANS TOR
Coughs, Colds. Hoarseness. Bron-
chitis, Croup * in Children, ana
All Throat and Lunsr Troubles
Try a bottle to-day; don't wait till the
doctor says "COXTS17MPTXOV."
35c; 50OATALL D3TJOGIST3
: CURES;IN 1DAY ;