The ghost has been the talk of,the
town. The wise ones predicted it por
tended dire disaster to the community.
Young men who had been owlish in
their habits took to staying home at
night and no one dared appear, on the
For many weeks at a certain hour
this white-robed . figure has made its
appearance, pedaling wildly, down the
avenue for several squares, with the
spectral drapery flying behind. In a
few moments the figure would come
back at the same mad pace and pass
from eight at the point where It first
appeared.
FORT DODGE. la., Oct. 2L— The
ghostly apparition which, at different
times, has startled belated pedestrians
in Fort Dodge, was run down after an
exciting chase and proved to be a
young society girl, a daughter of Ralph
Kittenger, a prominent business man,
who had acquired the habit of taking
a mii/sight bicycle ride in her sleep,
clad only in her night dress.
Special Dispatch to The Call
When. the young men gallantly picked
her up there was another scream. She
fainted. She was carried to the house,
where the mystery was explained.. She
had been a somnambulist for years and,
unknown to the others of the house
hold, had become a somno-cyclist.
haunted avenue at the time the appari
tion was known to appear.
Finally, however, two young men de
cided to investigate. They took their
bicycles to the point. where the ghost
had been seen to first appear,' prepared
to give chase. They, had not long to
wait. A Hash of white, a momentary
exposureof small,-, fair feet'ori the/fly
ing pedals and '. the apparition .was . by
th&ngK Jj^ijn*\iUhiy vere in full pur-'
suit." the race' of their lives;
They gained , gradually 7on /the specter
and in a short : time: were alongside.
Then they discovered the truthl
, The apparent ghost was a young lady
of their acquaintance. The white figure
paid no attention to them, but pedaled
steadily forward. Within a block of
her home, her wheel struck a stone and
Miss Kittenger fell in a heap, scream
ing.
Goes Bicycling in Her Nightie
GIRL, SOMNAMBULIST
SCARES TOWN.
The. young woman, worth • millions In
her own 'name, ; and ; who is a daughter
"of 'Janies Oliver, went yesterday
with .the ¦ . Marquis \ to \ Justice of v the
Peace . Buckley., of • Leet • township 'and
went through the marriage ceremony.
To-day, unattended ; by»any ' member, of
her family,'' the' bride * went to the dingy
little froom ' in' Plttsburg,* known as the
Italian Consulate, : and '. was . there mar-
Vied 'again 7 by Consul , Lionel .' Celsl.
Count ;Garmed6; and Marquis Bugnano,
both friends a^nd fellow^ countrymen 'of
the ; Marquis, ¦ were ,- the only witnesses.
To-morrow . there .will be a quiet church
wedding in Sewickly.-
> PITTSBURG, > Pa., / Oct. 2L— Society,
.was -'astounded ' to-day by. the news that
Miss Edith Oliver,*' who will " marry
Marquis Alfred r Dusmet de Smours ~ of
Naples, Italy, to-morrow at her , Se
wickiy. home.. has already. been married
twice .to him. . - - - •
Special ; Dispatch t to The Can.
Pittsbiifg Society Girl
liliniiii
; Ties.
WEDS WITH
A TRIPLE
CEREMONY
RAMON CORRAI*- .^.VICE PRESI
- . DE^fT-ELKCTT OF MEXICO., WHO
IS THE CITT-S GUEST. - •' '
ContinnMfo^P^MOolnmnT*?
LOS ANGELE S,\ Oct. . 21.— An opinion
important to San . Francisco * charter
amendments;, was; handed down to-day
by" the }> Supreme •; Court. The - writ of
mandamus asked ; for -by "N. ;
Harrison ' to ' compel the Board of Elec
tion; /Commissioners ;. to put certain
charter ¦ anTendmerita on the coming
', ¦, ballots*.^ was ; /denied. : ; Chief
Justice Beatty and Justice' Lorigan dis
jente'd^from* the,' opinion. »
r SANTAfrROSA.,' Octl21.-7-Edson ,C.
MerrittVcashiefJof ) First ; National
Bank W of Sthls ¦ ! city ' arid -/president -.of
the"? Merritt -Fruit Comp3.riy,iwhilejau^
tomobilirig) iri'"cofripany with | his ".wife
and \ Mrs. ~- S. 'T>. .Thompsonr a f riend ; of
the it amil^iffomf Florida, ; met iwith'a
serious faccldentj to-day [near/ Sonoma.*
kWhllefcoming g down j; grade; fthel 'jn&z,
chiriieTswjffrved; arid ; went f into; a^creek/
the % all f ; being /thrown "7: out.'
!Th"eV machine : ?i turned | over, Jtwlce ,' arid
was rbadly f damaged.r:^ None \ of | the • oc-
.
AUTO -SWERVES 1 INTO ; CREEK v .
'I -SPILLING ITS OCCUPANTS
: t6
; Compel Board to Place
Amendments ! on Ballots
Places Resignation in Escrow, to Be
. EffectiT** If; His Accounts Are
: Not'Stndshu
TOPEKA,' kaiis.,,OcL 21. — Thomas
T. .Kelly, State Treasurer, placed his
resignation in ."es:ro_w to-night and In
vited ah" inquiry ', by expert accounting
auditors and judicial inquirers into his
administration of the oflSce. .
If . after'» full and unprejudiced
quiry it shall be "determined that Kelly
is not guilty- of the i charge the State
Accountant has ¦• made against him.
*he resignation shall , be returned ' to
him '."and. be of ; no effect." If, on the
contraryrhe shall t be • adjudged guilty
by , the 'inquiry, the resignation Is to
be delivered to E. ". W. ;Hoch, who, it
is expected, will '¦ be Governor . at that
KANSAS STATE TREASURER'S
•BOOKS UNDER INVESTIGATION
COURT SUSTAINS
COMMISSIONERS
;.', SACRAMBNTO, ; Oct. 21.— Warden J/
.W.YTompkins .of ; San . Quentin filed his
biennial report with . Governor,* Pardee '.
to-day.. He ; reports ;that the difference
In : prbfits * between^l903 ' and 1904 ' in ' the
'6per^tlon'£f the' jute T mill ? is; ; J20,000,'as
there j were nearly } 2,000,000 more • bags
¦sold*irih903^thari;lnU904J : O^r.
."¦v ! He; recommends ' that ; the ¦ Legislature
amend the law ; requiring * affidavits i to
.be Jmadc \ with - the j purchase" of :' every,
5000 ba gs ' and ' that the" bond o f ; 10 * p'er
'cent f . of the purchase }¦ price 'lie -elim
inated.'YiHe'states"that 'the impression
has ; heretofore existed .that •< the^'prbd
-ucts [of the j prison? could Vbe disposed of
!tb 'farmers fand* grain' growers I'in^ this
! State ;only.*; Some products \ have": been
ibid' in 'i Oregon and' Nevada."" -;
y',Warden*,Tdmpkins^ calls ¦ attention", to
"the ¦ crowded \ condition "of : ; the - prison
b*uilding;s/< and ;¦: says H that i it J Is :¦ neces
sary to keep • four and fivet prisoner's * in
a cell/;^ He ] recommends } that {the? Leg
'islature\make;. an r appropriation it sura^
'clentTf op thV construction ; of ¦ two more
tiers * of icells.*. i ." .-^
Asks c ' New -•', Regulations ' Regarding
Grain ; Bags and ; Wants More ' \
Cells at San Quentin. , ' - ;/
CHANGES RECOMMENDED ' :
• V ¦'•''"•'. BY ' WARDEN ? TOMPKINS
. ., The ' consolidated Income accounts of
the ? t Union Pacific, Oregon Short Line
arid : Oregon - Railroad ' and ; Navigation
Company showed greatest earnings
in /the "companies' histories. There is
an Increase in the amount set aside for
betterments and equipment.
. NEW.TORK, Oct 21.— In the annual
report of the Union Pacific railroad
system Issued to-day for the fiscal year
ended 'June 30 last, which shows more
than 11% per cent earned .on common
stock, ' the official admission is made
thatT the Los . Angeles, San Pedro . and
Salt' Lake Railroad is . in reality a
Harriman project. The San Pedro has
been . advertised ever since its incep
tion- as , Senator Clerk's independent
line.- Several months ago, however. The
Call announced that the San Pedro
would be operated - in close alliance
with the Harriman system. This fact
was . not officially admitted until the
Union ' Pacific report was Issued to-day.
..The' report also contained an Intima
tion of ' further^ financing to be under
taken at no distant date. After refer
ring to the company's $10,000,000 , 5 per
cent "collateral trust notes, which ma
ture February; 1, 1906, the report says:
"In -addition ,to ; the . above mentioned
short * term . note's, the companies have
Incurred loans to the amount of 113.
128,000. Against^ ; thes« • liabilities they
have a large excess in demand loans
to -the - Southern ; Pacific' Company,
which on 'June 30, 1904, * amounted to
$20,460,927- in advances for construction
of - and investment * in new lines and
equipment aggregating $27,553,515, and
inTother free assets In the form of un
pledged .stocks .and bonds.
E pedal ' Dispatch to Th» Can.
• .' The young woman was keeping house
for her" two brothers. She went to town
yesterday v and; bought a .- rifle. .-, Then
she v disappeared. : ,The . brothers' traced
her j to a' straw pile,' where it was found
she had ; set f. the "stack' "on. 'fire "'arid
leaped ' into the - flames after shooting
herself -through- the- headJ- . .
: : HOWS, ; Iowa, Oct. : 21."— Miss • Carrie
.Wohlford, who lived on a" farm near
here,', committed suicide to-day / by set^
tlngflre to a straw-stack, shooting her
self i and ,- throwing , ; herself v Into • jjthe
flames. '-'• ¦ ¦ ¦ • ' . J -
Special •. Dispatch to The Call.
Admission Is Made in
Union Pacific
Report
Jumps Into Flames
Herself. ¦¦.-¦ ¦)
GEORGIA MILITIA OFFICER
* DISMISSED FROM SERVICE
INDIAN BUREAU
IS NOT WANTED
CORROBORATES
MISS WARREN
Conference. Favors Abandon
ment of Beservation Plan
and the System of Agencies
Captain Robert M.- Hitch- Loses -Com
mission for Failure to Prevent ,
S'egro LjTiching. ;
ATLANTA, Ga., Oct. 21.— By the
verdict of the ¦. Statesboro • court-mar
tial, which was signed to-day by
Governor, Joseph M. Terrell, Captain
Robert M. Hitch, who .was In ".com
mand of the troops when the negroes
Reed and Cato were burned; at the
stake, was dismissed - from the : service
of .the Georgia^State troops.
Lieutenant Lamell, who was in com
mand of * the Capitol , while. Captain
Hitch was at the State House, \ was
suspended for. a year and will be pub
licly reprimanded. :
Lieuteriant Griner, who was In com
mand of the reserves, will : be publicly
reprimanded. ' -
Lieutenants Cone and Morrison were
acquitted of the charges "lodged
against them.
Assistant Manager Barse of
the Waldorf - Astoria Sub
stantiates Her Testimony
ENGLAND AND HER COLONIES '
CELEBRATE 'TRAFALGAR DAY
Nelson's Famous Flagship Flies the
Gallant Sailor's Historic Signal. 1
Bunting Is Everywhere. .
LONDON, > Oct. 21.— Trafalgar day
was celebrated .', to-day at home and
in . the . colonies with' the usual decora
tions and dinners. Nelson's flagship/
the Victory, at Portsmouth, .was gayly
decorated with flags and decked • with
laurel and flew Nelson's famous sig
nal.. 'The base of the admiral's col
umn in Trafalgar square here, , was
elaborately , covered with wreaths,*
prominent among the floral tributes
being ¦'--. one ,7of r huge ; dimensions ;' tied
"with the . French - arid \ Spanish ; colors,'
sent'; by. the < Navy , League,'-: "with » re^
spect and honor ¦ to* the memory, of^ the
gallant' French and Spaniards -.who ¦'fell
•it Trafalgar."
GOVERNOR \ CARTER ACCEPTS
RESIGNATION^' OF • OFFICIALS
LAKE MOHONK. N. T., Oct. 2L—
Consideration of the liquor question in
the Indian Territory, especially the
proposal to incorporate in the enabling
act admitting the Territory into the
Union as one or two States a clause
forever, excluding the sale of intoxicat
ing drinks in the new State or States,
was taken up at to-day's session of the
Indian conference.. The principal speak
er was A. S. McKennon of South Mc-
Al ester, who was an associate of the
late Senator Dawee in the original five
tribes commission.
In conclusion the conference adopted
a platform reaffirming the statements
made last year favoring the.abandon
ment of the reservation system and the
discontinuance of Indian agencies and
of the Indian Bureau, Itself at the
earliest practicable date."
On the subject of our Insular posses
sions the platform says: "The con
ference is gratified with the progress
that has so far been made in the edu
cation and development of a portion of
the Inhabitants of the Philippine Archi
pelago. We especially commend the
wise system, of education that has been
put into successful operation there.
We would urgently recommend the ex
tension of this system until the people
ehall all receive the inestimable ad
vantage that will result from It.
Resolutions were adopted favoring
the exclusion of the liquor. traffic. from
the proposed new State into which In
dian Territory is to be converted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW .YORK, Oct. 21. — Testimony
In rebuttal to that of a few days ago,
when witnesses for the contestants of
the will ' of . Miss Bertha Dolbeer tried
to prove, that she was of unsound
mind previous to; plunging from the
ninth story window of the Waldorf-
Astoria, was given to-day, by witnesses
before Robert P. Lee, the commission
er named to take depositions for the
San Francisco courts. The hearing
.will be continued . to-morrow, : .when
two stewards from the steamship
Deutschland will be called by, propo
nent to tell of Miss Dolbeer's actions
on board ship during the voyage from
Europe.
The principal witness to-day was W.
A. Barse, assistant . manager of the
Waldorf-Astoria. He denied that Miss
Etta M. Warren, the chief beneficiary
by Miss , Dolbeer's will, had said that
Miss Dolbeer was not of sound mind,
thus contradicting Coroner Scholer
Barse also said that, according to Miss
Warren's statement and contrary to
the testimony 'of other witnesses, both
women did . not leave ) Miss Dolbeer's
room at r the : same * time. Barse said
Miss Warren went. into; the bathroom
and > a : moment later on * going into \ the
halh to • the - elevator • her I dress caught
on the door. .When she ! had freed her
self, she caught sight of Miss Dolbeer's
feet disappearing out of the window.
Hawaiian High Sheriff and ! Deputy
Vacate 'Offices 'After: Failing \to r. ;
Enforce Law. ;i
HONOLULU,; Oct/
Carter?- has i the i- resignations
of High Sheriff A/' M.; Brown 1 and r Depr
uty :c. F. Chilllrigsworth on account
of dissatisfaction over- the ¦ noii-erif orce?
m eht ¦ bfj the : liquor, and j gambling ; laws.
C.': Hatter, ; a' Pinkertoh t mah7; has '] been
investigating / here : for / some time £at'
Governor i Carter's -'} request. ;^ William
Henry' has . been appointed :,, : High
Sheriff and Hatter. "Deputy
Detective's 'and; captain^- arej resigning
and there .will. be/a)reorganizatlonybf
the police force>bf,;th"e;Terfltory.*,
Healdsburgr Minister Resigns.
HEALDSBURG, = Oct ; 21.— Rev. Up
ton Gibbs of -the Episcopal church : of
this'city has resigned his position and
will serve'' in\ the 'Episcopal ; church at
La- Grande,;: Or; Rev.' Mf.'.'GIbbs* has
been in the local' . church a f or^ more
than'four; years., ; \V .
Theological Seminary Directors.
SACRAMENTO, OcL 21.— At to-day's
session of the California Synod of . the
Presbyterian Church the following di-'
rectors of the : San ' Francisco Theologi
cal . Seminary- were elected:
Rev. J. Curry, 'C. H. Fish, William
Martin, J. P. v Prutzman^ Rev. R. C.
Stone, G. 1*. '^Underbill, W. M. Ladd,
Bev. E. J.' Ttoompson. and' Rev.: W.lA.
Major. HSdBHHHHHBflfl
A resolution . was - adopted*. Indorsing
a union of all evangelical denomina
tions of the. coait for. the establishment
of t Christian i univerBity.
Overdue Idner Reaches Havana;
HAVANA,; Oct; : 21^The| Spanish
Royal Mail j steamship ; Buenos fAyres/
whicli^ left ; New York ,, October i 1 3 1 and
.which .was more than ; three days \over
due,^arrived; here n to^day^:' :Her » «ip
tain j reports ; that ¦ he '} went Vo'ut Hojsea
in oVderi to^> avoid^the^Florida| Straits
duringithe ; recent ' stbrm^> 'TheiBteam
«bip suffered^no^mlBhaiu : > * -
Gold Found at Point Loma Beach.
SAN DIEGO, , Oct. ' 21.— Katherine
Tingley : * and "have ''¦ filed* claims
on the : beach at f Point Loma, claiming
to have-" discovered . gold ' and indlcai
tlona of oil. " Beach' mining . will \ be ' be
igun In the near future. 'J.~-~ -— V -
AWFUL FATE
OF A GIRL
IN IOWA
HARRIMAN
OWNS SAN
PEDRO LINE
'-.'; Consul Romero or Mexico, was at. pier
3 ahead or time,* as was Mayor, Schmitz.*
A" watchman f on"; the .dock '.told -'them
that\ : the v.Uriadilla- j would , ; leave ; from
Folsom street dock and ] there : they t went
only _• to* learn" that the . tug was
for, them ; at ', the other end of the -.water
front. Mayor } t : Schmitz . I thought "Z the
arm'y^ tiigi Slocum was/ going out' in
stead'of the Unadiila and he ¦ forthwith'
boarded the '/Slocuni '.[ and jasked ; when
that',yes"sel; v was r going,to leave* the I'dbck."
The , joke'^was % ori, the i Mayor , and ',he'
acknowledged !an]hour]or; so 'later: "I
"thought • that? steamer ; looked Jaj bit '.too'
large ; to ; go cruising ! to Oaklaind * ih";^ ¦>
The Mayor Jand) the'. Mexican f Consul
were 'quickly^ drl veh J frbhv Folsom' street'.
toClayystreet.'jpier "'3,'; where' they ..'found ;
the ;Unadillat in) jchaVgeVb^f fa* navy? con
'tingent jorders } f rom ") the
layed corhriiitteemenyA "detachment : of
marines i; was f keeping fgua'rdjand^the
¦marine : \ band v; f romVthe * navy^ training
station ; rendered ; fnusicJ , This Jbandrdld
spleridld r 8ervIc?during;thVreceptIon T to
the Mexican^ officials; and -Its] harmony,
particularjyjpleased Uhe ; ladies * of ; the
Corral fparty.'^Crj V! ."¦-."' •"."/•".'¦' ;i> '-. " r ".' ;'. !
\ ,' Early i In * the . afternoon ; Admiral ! Mc-
Calla* had the ; of
decorating the^Uriadllla^and ?¦ seenXto < it
t that 'the' craft wa^'dfessed* In^thercbloirs
i; 1 Mexico ¦.^and^the^. United^ States^
-Beautiful |ibou<iuets; : ; of flowers '^wefe
itMtefuHyiarrMg^d^n^the^^inland'on
\ the^af ter^deck fru gBlwerV spread % under
'afcaiwaa^t^WjgStrom^whi^^weice'
"strung *; a|nur^er^pffcol6red .^electric
llghts^TliTitug'iliearchMgligwaafturn^
great- republic
The reception last ."evening to; Vice
President, Ramon Corral, > the distin-.'
guished: official ¦ who' has,, the honor to
«erye :with Mexica's ''grand. old man,"
President * Diaz, waAK*ail|that cbuld^be^
expectedof a/peoptj^^lo^quickly^lear^
to ;; forge t "th e ; wax/tiin es^ of j y 6ars > long,
dead'faridfturhnhe right! hand ?of;fel^
lowship' to men who were once arrayed"
against' therii'on* the battlefield.^
red of the battle ; ground ' has v been . ob
liberated with the verdure of industry-
Where oncer Scott '"fought and ''Santa
Anna opposed his advancing hosts, the
green" fields' stretch far ; to |,the : north
ward, making one ¦ vast tract '.upon
which, at the dividing Rio Grande,.' the
grain : of Mexico! nods to ; the grain ; of
Texas and' there -is no sign of strife.
Both nations are bread winners ¦ now
and only good feeling exists among the
men of brown and the men of white,
who all , favor : peace on '„ earth-respe
cially with one's neighbors. : . . •>.
,¦ '.Senor.: Corral "said as much as this- to
, Mayor Schmitz and the city's "executive
returned ; the ' compliment on 'behalf -of
San Francisco and of course all Ameri
cans. .- Colonel George H. Pippy;'presi
dent, of the Union League Club,' spoke
for the ', merchants "¦ of the city, V and
Colonel ' Francis * Beck had a F word of
.welcome from the. officials of the State,
, the National ; Guard an d last, ¦ but ; not
least,, the^ Bohemian 'Club. Admiral
McCalla \. represented the . navy v' and
upon -him the .duty .of look-,
ing ".after,', the 'visitors : from * the * : time
they, boarded -the Government' * tug
Unadiila -at 'the (pier until the .vessel
arrived ;- at j> the\ army 'transport . -: dock
and ; turned her passengers - over ' to the :
awaiting ; column- of i regulars from ' the
Coast ¦Artillery* 1 : service. ,: '.-".
•:Vice President! Corral's train was
expected": at* the " pier; at . 8 - o'clock,"^ but
shortly after >7.f o'clock the train Mis-"
patcher .; announced, that v it .would * be
nearly Vthreel hours J before ; the (delayed
express would 1 / reach: Sixteenth :stree t;
Oakland.'. ItVwas decided, however^ that
the ; tug wpuldi not be held j on - this ' side,
but ;w ould ; leave \ Pier i 3 at" 8 : 16 • o'clock
aridCremaln^at .the. Oakland: pier ;¦ until
the Vice party arrived. :~
'CONSTJIi ¦ CONFUSED*. ,' ;
Mexico,- figuratively, speaking, joined
hands with the United* States last night
"arid* the people whoClive beyond , the
southern border will be Impressed with
the fact that there is", nothing but the
best of feeling .f oyi them in. this part
of the continent-— inf short, in all this
Mayor antl|Party
Extend Greeting
to tfie}i Visitors
Some time ago it was; known that
Mrs.' Staples was ill with typhoid. fever.
When death came it was/ given , but
that she had died of hemorrhage of the
bowels. The interment "was made, • but
eoon after, the funeral ' Dr. Staples dis
posed of his property in* a ; rather { pe
culiar manner. Later he"*disappeared,
as did also Mrs. Hoxie. : ;. They are both
still 'missing. The husband -of "Mrs.
Hoxie has visited the / District • At
torney's office and evidence enough' has
bobbed up to justify an investigation.
Although Dr. Staples stated i: that -his
wife died of hemorrhage :ot the bdwels,'
the autopsy ' has . proved . that: such i was
not" the : case.' Parts' of /• the = body 'have
been \ sent \ to Sari Francisco fot^ chemi
cal ¦ anal ysis and : the '-¦ Coroner* a ' jury/ is
awaiting? evidence >frora ' j this s source.
Tiie -affair has - created -"a great ¦ sen
sation in-' all parts of 'Amador County. '"\
Mrs. Staples > was 'a ' member of . the
Methodist church and an urgent
worker in its behalf. Dr. ; Staples was
held in respect by all who knew him.
SUTTER CREEK, Oct. 21.—Follow
ing close upon the death of , his wife,
Dr. F. N. Staples, who; for some time
past has been' practicing medicine at
Amador: City, two miles from here, . has
disappeared. Mrs. B. O. Hoxie, also. of
Amador < City, . - is . also missing. , The
body . of Mrs. Staples, which was i in
terred » in the Sutter Creek cemetery,
has been- exhumed -and an autopsy
held. , - .
Epecial Dispatch to The CalJ.
Jug Unadiila Is
Sent to Bring
Guests lirom Pier
Dr. Staples and Mrs. Hoxie of Amador
City Figure in Case Taken Dp
by District Attorney.
Woman Also Leaves Home
and an Investigation
< Is to Be Made.
COLON, Colombia, Oct. 2L— News reached here this evening that about
200 armed men, who are thought to be malcontent Panamaians, rather. than
Colombian soldiers, have been seen in the neighborhood of Culebra, threat
ening hostilities against the Panamalan Government.
As soon as the American authorities of the canal zone became cogni
zant of this force marines were sent out to ascertain their purpose.
It is rumored that a skirmish occurred inland, in which several were
killed, but there is no confirmation of this report.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 21.— Assistant Secretary Darling to-night said that
bo far as knew no advices had been received at the Navy Department of the
reported skirmish between United States marines and Panamaians on the
Isthmus. If any dispatches have been received, the Assistant Secretary ex
plained, they in all probability would be sent direct to the department and
•would not be delivered to the officials until,morning. At this time the navy
had about 450 marines on the Isthmus, a sufficient force, in the opinion of
the administration, to cope with any difficulty which is likely to develop.
American marines will be retained on the Isthmus of Panama
for the present, prepared to meet any emergency which may arise/
Orders have been issued for a new battalion of marines to go to the
Isthmus about November 15 to relieve the battalion which has been there for
a year. The new battalion' will be commanded by Lieutenant Colonel
Thomas N. Wood.
That the situation on the isthmus is not all that could be" desired is the
news which came to Washington yesterday in a personal letter' from an offi
cial now in Panama. While the Panama Government is entirely loyal, it
Fecms that there are certain disgruntled elements In the isthmus and in view
of the ease with which revolutions are started in Central and South Amer
ica, It is the official opinion here that the marines should remain there for
the present.
SEVERAL REPORTED KILLED
He Disappears Soon
Alter Deal of
His Wife.
Battle Said to Have Taken
Place at Culebra.
VICE-PRESIDENT:
AMON©ORRAL of
- Mexico ¦•/arrived last
evening f romfSt.' Louis. The
' train to ¦ wHichjrhis X special
car was - r di d not
reach the Oakland: pier un
til 10 :2O o'clock. 'The navy -
tug UnadillaV; brought the
, distinguished? , party to : the
city. -Marines rand regulars,
were ¦ detailed as: an escort;
:Senor; Corral is fatigued
from his trip) anH/will- make
, no attempt: tolfulfilf social
- obligations to-day, saving
his strength for the banquet
at' the: St. Francis Hotel • to^
night. ' -
UNCLE SAM'S MARINES
FIGHT WITH BODY OF
ARMED MEN IN PANAMA
WELCOME BY NAVY, ARMY AND COMMITTEE TO MEXICO'S VICE PRESIDENT CORRAL
PHYSICIAN
STRANGELY
MISSING
. TH B WEATHER.
Fbr«caat mad* at San Francisco for
thirty hour* •adla* midnight. October
22. 1904:
Saa Fra&daoo and Tldnlty— Fair
Saturday. . lUrht westerly winds; not
so 'warm.
A. G. McAOrn, Dlst. Forecaster.
'iHU'THWiTyPg
A&CA2AR— '^hTwiw «rf the Wortd."
ALHAMBRA-Aiuia'i Bud.
.CjaAjrOKmJL—"A\.T*xmm . 8t*«r.~
CENTRAI^— "Dary "Oockett." "•'
¦ COLUMBIA—^"San Toy."
, CHUTES— VaadeYllle.
FISCHER' 8-^"Down . the Una."
ORANI>-^"Arlxoi»*.'/l .
MAJESTIC— "A Japanese Hltfitln
..•';- rale." ...,''
ORPHBUM— Vaudeville. ,
• TlVOia— "per ' Rartelbluaer."
Matinees at all theaters to-day..
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 144.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN^FRANGiSC6/;:S " 22, 1904.
The San Francisco Call.ALLEGED • THIEF * CAUGHT. — George
Whltelock was arrested last night mnd charred
with burglarizing the. room of J. J. N*ag!«, 134
Third street, early Wednesday morning.
To Cores Cold? in One " Day
Takef Laxative [, Bromo .Quinine ; Tablets. .All
druggists 5 refund 1 the money if { It falls ' to cnr«.
E. » v W;r Grove's signature ; la on I each > box. 25c.r
A ; Guaranteed • Cure for Piles.
•;. Itching," Blind.' Bleeding : or } Protruding ,. Pil«i
Your drupglst will refund money if PAZO OINT-*
MENT tails to cure you'ln 6 to Udajr»,v50c.;*
FREDERIKSHAVEN, ¦ ¦ Denmark,
Oct. 2H7— All ; thVi vessels
the Russian Baltic s* fleet I passeds-tinto
the' North' Sea, during the night. k l : '¦<
Baltic Fleet in : North Seai
SANTA CRUZ, .Oct.. :21.— Earle
Sprague, awhile' duck • hunting with an
other.- boy; at ¦> Twin '-, Lakes,> was " acci
deritally: shot • in ; the right ! arm * to-day
while eating : his lunch. A dog : caused
the discharge of; the . guo.v which "i was
lying f. near them. • " . . • - : :
Dog ; Causes Discharge , of ; Gun.'
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21. — Behind
the : approaching 'visit to America , of
Prince -Fushiml, nephew /of the; Em-;
perorJ of Japan, .who won , the" battle of,
Nanshan Hill early in: the 'war, the'
Tokiq Foreign'Oflice Is playing. a* garrie
of .- deep; diplomacy. : The * officially ,'axif
nburiced "purpose f of his journey ; is "to
see'the World's Fair,
rriats 'scout the : idea • that/ he was ! r&-\
called from the seat of war to visit
Diplomatic Move,
Prince . Fushlml's" Visit Regarded as
WANTS OUR SYMPATHY.
= ST. LOUIS/ Mo., Oct. , 21.^— The Superior
Jury at .the World's Fair : to-day awarded
two j grand prizes to k the i Baldwin Com
pany/- Cincinnati— one ; for -. ¦ pianos • • and
piano ' players • and one for its model fac
tory exhibit. :';:^5bWS9B8BB
Baldwin Pianos Get Two Grand Prizes
(Special-Dispatch to The Call.)
MUKDEN, Oct. 2 1, 5 : 20/ a.*m!U- The
Russians on Thursday ; opened '.- anV arr
tlllery : fire on (Shakhe station^ 'where
there seemed to be a Japanese " outpost
watching^ the Russian' movements. The
guns ,were - r then '. trained; oriUhe'.village
of Lamatung.'a' little ieast fbf: the. sta
tion. .The Japanese I replied languid
ly. The, weather ; to-day/jis * fine: and
sunny, .with a cold,\biting .wind. There
was a severe , frost last ; night.' i '
SHELL A VILLAGE.
j. Commissioner. Stafford reports that
in . the collection of data, representa
tives, of the department were looked
upon with suspicion by. a percentage
of employers and employes, the for
mer ? regarding .the representatives , as
being of anarchistic tendencies, while
the : latter ; were Inclined to" think ; they
represented the class.
1 ...The report states' th>tjhe> found '-the
general 'relations ; existing . between em
ployers'; arid . 'their help one "of . confi
dence and respect.
: SACRAMENTO, Oct. 21.— The an
nual report of M. V. Stafford, State La
bor Commissioner, was filed with Gov
ernor jPardee this afternoon. The re
port ' is voluminous - and gives a mass
of 'figures and statistics relating to la
bor in this State. 1
State Commissioner " Stafford Reports
Conditions in the State to < . ,
. Be Satisfactory.
LABOR ON GOOD TERMS WITH
CAPITAIi IN 'CALIFORNIA
Togoro Takahira, the Japanese*; Min
ister here, .originally, planned to" meet
him at San Francisco/ but now has ' di
rected Ekl Hioki, first secretary of the
legation, to do so. The itinerary, of the
Prince is • being arranged with, great
care, but nothing ;, more " concerning- • it
Is obtainable at the legation than that
he -will proceed to' SL^ Louis," will j come
to arid will: visit; most of
the large cities of ithe i country. '
St. Louis at the fag end of the exposi
tion. The greater significance of "' an
attempt to revive . waning * American
sympathy for Japan • is attributed to
his coming.
, The gallant and determined conduct
of the Russian" forces in Manchuria
has caused the .traditional friendship
for Russia to reassert itself 'and ipub^
lie feeling is now estimated as being
almost perfectly neutral.';,.- ;. .
Japan has keenly felt the . subsidence
of enthusiasm. All Indications strongly
point to a heroic effort to revive it .by
bringing Prince Fushiml to United
States. * He will \ arrive In San Fran
cisco on, November 11. '
At the closing session of .the State
W. C.T.U.; convention this evening, a
debate was held upon the subject, "Re
solved, That alcohol has a greater, na
tional influence than the church."' The
affirmative . was , supported by Miss S.
M. Severance and Mrs. M. C. Lord and
the negative by Mrs. CD. Brlggs and
Mrs. S. ; M. V M. Woodman. The audi
ence decided : that the affirmative had
the better of the argument.
Reports were ; received from the de
partments ; of health, heredity/ patent
medicines, . labor arid others.
CHICO, Oct. 21.— At to-day's ses
sion of the Women's Christian Tem
perance Union convention, Mrs. King
of Contra Costa County, the State or
ganizer, spoke of the causes of the
failures and successes of the organiza
tion.. The following persons were giv
en life memberships: Mrs. Alice Me
cum, Mrs. H." B. McBn tyre, Mrs. J.
Addlson, Mrs. O. J. Ward, Mrs. Char
lotte Hutton, Miss Elizabeth Webb.
Mrs. A. C. Balnbridge, Mrs. Rhodes,
Mrs. S. C. Callen, Mrs. Alice a Stal
ker, Mrs. Annla Shaver, Mr*. Lillian
¦woiff. HflBSH B88H
State Organizer Talks of the Successes
'.' • and Failures of the Or
ganization.
TEMPERANCE CONVENTION
ADDRESSED BY MRS. KING
' The ' marine guard : was < drawn f.up ¦ at
attention J when SerioriCorral ; and-Gen
eral; Luis Torres, 'chief the • northern
military, zone of Mexico, ¦ passed
the;, tug's ' gangway. ¦ ' They.Lwere f fol^
lo wed by Admiral McCalla," Senor; May-,
erj: Cuellar, \ aid \ to '¦: the':VIce T President;
Colorier Pippy ; and 'Colonel Beck. • Senor
Gf Reyes,' in ' charge of ; the ; Vice rPjesl-f
dential l party; • was "with the'f ladies, r as
. Senor? Corral's three .children, with
Mr.*, and Mrs. Valascb of this city and
.W. Loiza, : had met the visitors at e Val
lejo.'Junction.' They , started from the
special train for 1 the ferry, but. finally
allTof the, ladles of the "train party
decided ; to * cross the bay on . the Una
dilla- ¦' -'-¦'¦' ¦:¦•¦'. :'"¦¦ ¦'.¦ ' <•¦-*<-. : ; ,-vrt
Then followed a. tiresome >wait,^ dur
ing which frequent; efforts were made,
with some success, to locate the- posi
tion of the on-coming train and gauge
the time.' of its arrival , at the depot.
A Southern Pacific official - announced
at 10:15 : o'clock that the train was at
the Sixteenth-street station: and would
soon be in. A large delegation of Mex
ican citizens . had gathered- at the de
pot and there , was Immediately a scur
rying . among, them ' for a' point of v van-,
tage from which to have a look at the
man whom they have learned to ad
mire. y|pl£|§pQy 8BB3B
i Vice President Corral ; looked tired,
but pleased, when he ; stepped from* his
private car "into the' open-air.' "Before
leaving the car ' he had been ' formally
Introduced to the Mayor, 'C6lonelPippy y
and Colonel Beck. As it \ was ¦ getting
late', no , time was spent 'on other than
an exchange of simple 'formalities.'
ed toward the foremast, from the peak
of which hung the Mexican flag. The
light was kept constantly on the ban
ner except when it was used for a few
moments to light up the Training
Station on the return trip with .the
Vice Presidential party, j
On arriving, at the pier the Unadilla
was rnade fast alongside the south end
of the big wharf. The marines were
sent ashore and formed in company
front with the band at the extreme
right
A TIRESOME WATT.
To-night a ? banquet at* the St Fran
cis will be' tendered the Vice .Presi
dent arid party by/ the citizens' com
mittee, i The visitors will - remain in
San Francisco one -week. '¦-* ¦'..¦
• : The Vice ; President's" secretary reg
istered the* following names as those
who ,were of the party : r Senor. Ramon
Ccrrar and wife, 'General Luis E.
Torres, wife and niece,' < Senor 1 Robert
Nunez, wife and daughter,' Senor A.
Redo,\ Senor M.Cuellar and 5 Senor G.
Reyes. SBHSBi
The Vice President did not care to
speak of political , affairs > in his coun
try or go into ; details • of - the plans of
the administration. He excused ' him
self from being I interviewed at length
on any very serious subject, saying that
his long trip had worn him out and he
was not . prepared to , talk at length.
He* was highly grateful to the ¦ people
of. San Francisco and "California for
the reception they had accorded him
and wished to express his sincere
thanks to the citizens of the city and to
the army and "navy* officers for^cour
tesies extended. .' : .
'When 'the tug came alongside the
army transport dock carriages were
at'; hand to convey the visitors to the
St. Francis Hotel.. Three battalions of
coast_ artillerymen were \ there" also - to
act as '. escorts with . the Third Artillery
Band and a mounted, patrol of police.
The " procession proceeded up Market
street to Powell and thence to \ the St.
Francis. '
were also a number of gentlemen who
assisted Consul Romero to care for the
guests.
Senor Corral seemed to enjoy the trip
across the bay. He asked frequent
questions about the harbor and pointed
out places of interest that were by no
means new to him, for he visited San
Francisco about two years ago, before
he was "elected - to the office he now
holds. ; When passing the battleship
Ohio Senor Corral noticed that the
searchlight of the ship was turned
toward the Mexican colors Tat the fore
top and he gave vent to an expression
of gratitude and said nice things about
the good feeling that now exists be
tween this country and his.
WONT TALK POUTICS.
WELCOME MEXICO'S VICE PRESIDENT
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
Kurds Kin Armenians.
LONDON, Oct. 12. — According to
the Constantinople correspondent of
the Daily Telegraph.- Kurds have
burned twenty houses In the village of
Marek. near Van. and killed over thir
ty Armenians.
LONDON. Oct. 22.— The . Standard's
Yentai correspondent, telegraphing on
October 15, describes in detail the final
stages of the Shakhe River battle, and
incidentally refers to the danger which
temporarily threatened Field Marshal
Oyama's right nearBensihu, where the
Russians, In overwhelming force, near
ly succeeded In turning the Japanese
right and Isolating the men sent to
protect Oyama's right wing. He says
it was the indomitable courage and en
ergy of ' the Japanese infantry that
saved the situation. .
Detailing the struggle of October 13,
south of the Shakhe River, the corre
spondent pays a tribute to the desper
ate courage of the Russians, who de
fended their positions with the great
est gallantry. The Japanese .infantry,
he says, again had the task of carrying
a formidable position by supreme effort
and self-sacrifice. The slope up which
they. crept was swept by a storm of
bullets. The thin, dark line wavered
under the blast, and broke and scat
tered back down the hill, but a handful
of heroes rallied and rushed headlong
up the slope, halted, re-formed 'and
dashed on again, their niumbers being
lessened with every foot they advanced,
and once again they were swept back
in confusion down the hillside. But
they had shown the way to others.
Another company pushed forward with
Its left well thrown back. Again vol
leys crashed out, but this time un
availingly against the desperate head'
long rush, and the : Indomitable little
men gained the summit.
The Russians rose to -their feet, the
ranks closed and ( rifle and bayonet
were at work in, one wild melee. It
was only for a moment and, shaken
by the courage of the Japanese, ' the
Russians' broke and fled to their com
rades below, already in retreat. The
assault and defense alike were a bril
liant feat of arms In which . the gal
fantry of the Russians ; was ; surpassed
only . by the devoted >; courage of the
Japanese infantry.
The Russians fell back to a range of
low hills bordering the Shakhe River,
whence on , the " 14th, ' the ¦ artillery, fail
ing to dislodge them, the Japanese
drove them in the afternoon by a
magnificent spectacle of disciplined war
involving terrible carnage, pursuing
them down to the very 'banks of ; the
Shakhe River. ' ;.
The same correspondent, .under date
of October 17, says: j \
' "General Kuropatkin- appears to; be
• preparing to hold the plain in frontYoJt
I Mukden. He is concentrating troops
| and strengthening; his defense 'works
in three lines, the pouter along the
Shakhe. River, the second- along the
Hun River and the innermost . close to
Mukden."
Correspondent Gives Details of Fight
on the Shakhe.
TRIBUTES TO RUSSIANS.
all classes, . and especially the zemstvos
and peasants, to choose representatives
to sit with the committee which is con
sidering a revision of the peasant laws.
The manifesto contemplated the co-op
eration ; of all - classes, -Including the
zemstvos,') in this. important; work, one
of the .purposes ;, of, which , is to
additional privileges" for the peasants*
especially with the view to giving- them
an opportunity of divorcing, themselves
from the village communes. ~M. von
Plehwe ; treated this portion of the
manifesto as a dead letter, Imposing
the. duty of choosing representatives
upon the provincial Governors', who
were, practically his own appointees, or
at '; least- always -under his immediate
control. Over- eighty volumes repre
sent the material recommendations of
the local governments on this subject.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 21, 3:32
p. m.— Permission has been accorded to
the students of Dorpat (Livonia) Uni
versity to . resume wearing caps of the
colors whifch were forbidden to ; such
corporations under- Alexander III,' in
pursuance of the policy of the Russlfl
cation. of the Baltic provinces.-' •This
step Is considered * to constitute v an
other^ evidence 1 of. the"- conciliatory pol
icy of ' the whole Government, ( whlch
has marked the •- inauguration . of 'the
regime of Prince Svtatopolk-RIirski,
Minister of the Interior.' Dispatches
from ''Dorpat eay the announcement
was greeted with the greatest rejoicing
among the students.
Prince " Mirsky, following out the
promises he made upon* assuming the
Ministry of the Interior regarding the
imperial manifesto of. 1903, has Invited
llussian General Staff Receives Tele
gram From Stoessel.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 21, 5:39
p. m.^-General Sakharoff telegraphed
to the general staff late last night that
the situation at the front had been
Quiet all day.
Admiral Wiren is now in command
of the Port Arthur squadron, and no
news has been received regarding
Prince Ouktomsky. It is presumed he
Is still at Port Arthur, but not at
tached to any ship.
Satisfactory reports have been re
ceived by the admiralty of the progress
made by the Baltic fleet. The stoppage
off the Swedish coast within a few
days of leaving a home port was due
to the necessity for filling up the
bunkers for the long trip through the
North Sea to the Atlantic, where the
fleet will not find convenient coaling
points.
Neither the next stopping nor the
route has been revealed. These points
are covered by Vice Admiral Rojest
vensky's sealed orders* which, however,
it is known, give wide latitude in this
matter.
The Bourse Gazette's Mukden cor
respondent, wbo yesterday reported a
series of victorious engagements and a
Japanese retreat, to-day Bays there has
been no fighting for three days. He
adds that the Japanese are displaying
great activity and says a Japanese
prisoner declared they are preparing to
retire along the whole line. The cor
respondent further asserts that three
more Japanese guns were captured
during the night raid of October 19.
Great Battle Imminent.
LONDON, Oct. 21. — The Times* To
kio correspondent says that dispatches
from Oyama's headquarters seem to
indicate the Shakhe River as the im
mediate objective of the original ad
vance and that appearances suggest
that another great battle Is imminent
In which the Japanese will assume the
offensive. H69I
Armies Remain Inactive.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct 21. — Gen
eral Sakha roff telegraphs that there
was no fighting yesterday. - The ar
mies maintain their respective posi
tions. There are continual reconnais
sances on both sides.
Failures this week number 21 5 in
the United States, against 279. last
year, and thirty-nine in Canada com
pared with twenty-six a year ago.
Hides have attained a still stronger
position, large sales of branded cows
and calf skins giving holders' the de
sired advance and there is a whole
some demand at leading leather mar
kets.
NEW YORK, Oct 21. — Dun's week
ly review of trade to-morrow will say:.
Trade reports are more encouraging
each week, while the feeling of optim-.
ism regarding the future is becoming
general. __With'Jts customary disposi
tion tb ? discodnt * co'nitnerclal prosper
ity, Wall street has lifted, the aver
age price of * the Bixty - most active
railway shares above par for the first
t'me since j May of last . year. . .; Manu
facturing plants steadily Increase out-,
put, the particularly gratifying feature
of the week being the large tonnage of
Isteel purchased by the railways, and
the advanced prices for pig iron sug
frest that the depression in that ¦ in
dustry has run Its course. -
Ship yards are more fully . engaged
and structural work begins to assume
normal proportions. Jobbing and
wholesale trade in spring goods make
a better comparison with last year's
volume, and current retail distribution
of merchandise is increasing, i Pay
ments are still somewhat irregular, yet
there are comparatively*' few • com
plaints. Foreign trade • at , this port
for the last week shows a gain of $2,
158,275 in Imports over those of the
same week in 1903, but a loss of $1,
148,275 in exports. A few ; freight
blockades have occurred -and traffic is
very heavy in some sections, while all
railways reporting, for the first half of
October show an average gain of 8.6
per- cent over last year's earnings. ¦
OUTPUT IS INCREASED.
RUSSIAN MINISTER OF THE INTERIOR WHOSE RECENT ORDER REMOV
ING BAN AGAINST COLORS FOR STUDENTS* CAPS 13 CONSIDERED AS
FURTHER EVIDENCE OF THE CONCILIATORY "POLICY OF RUSSIA. ' -
QUIKT AT PORT ARTHUR.
The fact that the First and Fifth Si
berian Corps are the only corps hitherto
unmentfemed in reports of the fighting
on October 19 shows that 'General
Kuropatkin has sent the reserves to the
trenches, giving other much tried corps
a thorough rest. Meanwhile the Cos
sacks are raiding the Japanese lines.
It developes that after the Lone Tree
Hill rout the Japanese were unable to
remove a number of cannon in addition
t& those left on the hill, and which re
mained midway between the Russian
and the Japanese trenches. * As they
lay, these guns were so exposed to fire
from both sides that it was impossible
for either side to get them during day
light and repeated attempts have been
made by both to secure the . guns at
dark. Up to the present Cossacks have
got three of the cannon. The dexterity
of the Cossacks in this sort of work
was repeatedly illustrated during the
Russian army maneuvres. On'one,oc
casion ¦ they abstracted the artillery
harness, . disabling, all the batteries of
their rival combatants.
A dispatch from Mukden to the Asso
ciated Press reports that the Russians
yesterday confined 'themselves to a
bombardment of Shakhe Station and
the adjoining village of Lamatung, the
Japanese feebly responding. This
news shows that Shakhe Station is not
held by the Russians.
.Russian correspondents report that
some regiments of the Fifth Siberian
Corps have been engaged in slight
skirmishes on the advance line the past
few days.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 22, 2 a. m.—
The rival armies of Russia and Japan,
entrenched a short distance from each
other south of the Bhakhe river, are
forced to continued inactivity until the
fine weather now prevailing dries the
sodden ground and the tired warriors
are sufficiently rested to resume opera
tions. ;;': : »\\^-\
General Grippenberg, who is to com
mand the Second Manchurian army,
was received in audience to-day by
Emperor Nicholas at Tsarskoe-Selo.
and had a long conference with him
about the dispatch to the Far East of
the remaining corps of the second
army.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 22, 2 a. m.—
The first detachment of the Eighth
Corps has reached Harbin, and the re
mainder is expected to reach Harbin
within thre<> weeks. Meantime three
Polish brigades are beginning to start
for the front. It is expected that this
will provide 2?,000 troops. By the time
this force is started for the Far East
the Sixteenth Corps, statioked at Vite
bik, or the Second Corps, at Grodno,
i\ ill be ready to start.
straining Fighting
Spirit of Soldiers.
-'.** I I ii HI I II I'll IMII <i U WHWIIWII— lliMIIIWIIWln
Three Polisli Bricafles
Reafly to Start
for Front. '
During the excitement Vaughn at
tempted to escape from his captors and
assist Rose and Blair. Boyle and
James, however, clubbed their revolv
ers and beat their prisoner over the
head until he was unconscious, and
then they went to the aid. of Shea,*
Dwyer and McCluskey, th» latter hav
ing 1 in the meantime sunk to the floor
with a critical wound In the 'stomach.
One of the unwounded detectives sum
moned an ambulance and the wounded
officers and suspects were taken to th«
City Hospital.
By that time the detectives had
drawn their revolvers and there was a
deafening exchange of shots for sev
eral seconds, each man pulling the
trigger of his weapon as rapidly as
possible.
: A few minutes before the fighting oc
curred Vaughn left the house and
started to walk down Pine street. The
detectives closed In on him and after
he- had gone some distance from the
house he waa arrested.
Accompanied by their prisoner, the
detectives returned and entered the
house. Shea, McCluskey and Dwyer
were .leading; Boyle and James were
behind with the prisoner.
Hardly had the detectives entered
the room In which Rose and Blair were
seated when they were met with a vol
ley of shots from a heavy caliber gun.
Shea sank to the floor and Dwyer fol
lowed almost immediately.
" The house had been under police sur
veillance for several days, but to-day
waa the first time that any of the sus
pects-was seen to enter or leave.
The fight occurred in the front room
of a house on Pine street and the men
whom the detectives sought ;*o .arrest
are suspected of being. Implicated in a
train robbery at Centralla, 111., a few
weeks ago. flfffJffJMBtegB
THOMAS DWYER, detective.
: The. wounded: James McCluskey.
shot through stomach, critical; C. C.
Blair, fugitive, shot four times through
body, critical; Harry H. Vaughn, fugi
tive, badly boaten about heed by detec
tives when he sought to aid his friends
in the battle. ; *
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 21.— Two city detec
tives are -dead and another is not ex
pected to live during the night, while
one train * robber suspect Is at the
Morgue and two others are in the City
Hospital, 'one probably fatally wound
ed'and, the other badly beaten up, as
the -result of a desperate battle to-day
between five officers and three men
whom they tried to arrest. The dead:
JOHN J. SHEA, detective.
" AL ROSE, suspect.
General jobbing demand the country
over is most active in staples, such as
groceries, shoes, clothing, hardware
and similar lines. Copper, tin and lead
are fractionally higher.
Lumber is relatively quiet in the
East, but much building is being done
in the West. The market for wool Is
strong and tending upward.
, In the East the strength of the
wool market is noticeable.
Wheat, including flour, exports for
the week ending October 20 aggregate
1,066,462 bushels, against 1,357,175 last
week, 4,265,080 this week last year and
7,060,137 in 1902. From July 1 to date
the exports aggregate 20,973,428 bushels,
against 49,806,774 last year.
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending Ootober 20 are
227, against 196 last week, 216 in the
like week in 1903, 194 in 1902 and 223 in
1901. .
In Canada failures for the week.num
ber 39, as against 18 last week and 25
In this week a year ago. . .
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Bradstreefs
to-morrow will say:
Good feeling, in some instances close
ly approaching optimism, dominates the
general trade situation, but the under
tone is Avithal one c/f conservatism . and
there is a general desire to avoid over
trading. Past reports of good whole
sale trade are reflected in an increased
speeding of the wheels of industry, but
except in portions of the .West and
Siruthwest, where cool weather has
helped retail distribution, and in . the
South, where good prices for cotton in
duce free marketing of the crop, there
is a disposition to regard the weather
as too warm for best results in final
distribution. Railway earnings turned
the corner in August, the roads of the
country showing a gain of a fraction
of one per cent in gross and of five per
cent in net over 1903. Collections have
continued to hold the improvement
noted last week, being especially good
at the South.
' Allan Pollok has resigned from the
management of, the St. Francis Hotel
and In; a -.few "days he will enter "upon_
the duties of manager of the San Fran T
cisco Gas and Electric Company,, a po
sition he held for a number of. months
prior :~to." the *opening_of the -new- big
hostelry. .His resignation was, handed
Into, the, board .of directors of the hotel
company at a : meeting held last .Thurs
day; It was accompanied by a request
that it be accepted immediately." • On 1
Monday, it is. expected, the executive
committee of ; the gas company, will
meet and • formally restore Pollok ' to hi»
former position, the directors of the
corporation having already agreed on
this move, at a meeting ¦ held "Wednes
day when Pollok was present. . . .
The retirement -of -Manager Pollok
from the St Francis will not. surprise
h{s intimate friends, who have known
for some time that he .was contemplat
ing the change. It" has been no secret
among them that the president and
directors of the gas company reluctant
ly, parted .with • Pollok's services when
he retired to; take charge. of the. hotel
and they have since /made frequent
overtures . to. him ' to return. In fact
they have kept the position of manager
open for him for nearly a ; year with
the hope of persuading him to return
and they finally ; obtained, the an
nouncement of his purpose to do so a
few days ago. .It was in anticipation
of 'Pollok's .return that. Wednesday's
meeting in j the .office of the gas com
pany was. called. . - r . - .
Fonseveral months a breach has ex
isted between the board of directors of
the hotel company and Manager Pol
lok and It was the realization that this
was gradually, widening that prompted
the manager to reconsider a proposition
received from "President "William B.
Bourn of the gas company to accept
his old position.
It is claimed by Pollok> friends that
his original agreement with the di
rectors of the. hotel — namely, that he
should have absolute control of the
hotel- in so far as its management is
concerned— had been "violated by the dl-.
rectors, who are said to have frequent
ly taken issue with Pollbk on matters
pertaining. to the method of conducting
the establishment. Although the hotel,
from the day It opened, has proved it
self a remarkably good enterprise,', the
directors, it la said, have been continu
ally disputing with Pollok. -Finally the
weekly meetings became so inhar
monious that Pollok refrained from at
tending them and at last brought mat
ters to an issue by. resigning. While he
is not a director of the hotel company
Pollok owns a large share of the stock.
When he resigned Thursday the di
rectors offered him a place In the
directory, but this he is re
ported to have refused, and he has an
nounced to the directors that he will,
dispose of his stock. ,
Who will succeed Pollok in the hotel
is a matter 'not yet settled by the di
rectors, but they are negotiating with
several managers In the East and have
asked Pollok to remain with the hotel
until his successor is chosen. When
informed last evening that the news of
his resignation, which it had been in
tended to keep a secret for several
weeks,, had become known, Pollok de
clined to "discuss the matter, referring
his Interviewers to the presidents of the
hotel- and gas companies.
Fight Follows Invasion by
Sleuths of House in AVhich
Suspected Men Are Hiding
Wheels of Industry Whirl
With Growing Speed and
Outlook Is Reassuring
Ketirement Follows Dis
agreement With the~ Mem
bers of 'Hotel Directory
Detachment of Eighth
Army Corps Ends
Long Trip.
Tired Warriors Await
ing Order to Resume
Hostilities.
CHANGE IS IMMEDIATE
BUSINESS MEN CAKEFUL
ONE OUTLAW AT MORGUE
Bradstreet and Dun Find
in Commercial Situation
Increase of Good- Feeling
Allan Pollbk Eesigns His
Place in the, St. Francis
to Take Better Position
St. Louis Police Officers
Engage in Bloody Battle
With Three Train Bobbers
CZAR'S MANCHURIAN ARMY
IS INCREASED BY ARRIVAL
OF SOLDIERS AT HARBIN
TRADE REPORTS
ENCOURAGING
WILL MANAGE
GAS COMPANY
BANDITS KILL
TWO DETECTIVES
THE;SAN>IvRANGISGO CALI;, S ATURDAY,t OCTOBER 22, 1904:
Russian Students May Wear
Forbidden Colors on Caps
2
FREE — L FREE p- — - FREE
iWITH
— — SUNDAYS CALL-— -^-
— WANT ADS.
Your Choice of Two : Premiums*
¦.''¦¦-"¦¦ Either a ¦'. f JBBBBfei
—LIGHTNING BREAD and—
-TT~ : C AKE ' KNIF3 -—
" ¦¦,"¦ '¦' "-OTlai'i'-r- ' : . -.'
; ;;;;;;; i nut-? set, ¦ ;,;•; ; "
-(Six Nut Picks ami- a* Crack.)
See Small A<3/ ) Page for Fur-
HiB^feeESPafSculars. _ ; ;
AD VEKTISOf EXTS.
A suit made to your order
at my stores possesses , ' the , '
following actual advantages 1
over a ready-made suit cost-,
ing the same price. .....'
Always a new and unlim-
ited stock of goods to select
from.
Cutters that draft from
the latest New York ideas.
Tailors whose workman-
ship must pass the closest
criticism.
Suits to order
$15.00 up
Trousers to order
UP-
Samples and self-meas- i
urement free by mail.
LONDON TAILOR
KIM^n^iZZRearnyJt
"I rather like to meet
this fellow/' aaid ;
Golden Gate, "It's so
easy to make him see
stars— and planets, too." '
flotilla, K » M wtih OOLOBN OATS
COTTER h,t »«»l,l.otlo«. Mm
prisaa — bo coupon- ao crackary.
1 m»A 8 Ik. aroana.tliht tl«a.
Ifavw aald la hmlk.
J. A. Folger <SL Co.
Xstabllahad h»lf •> CenHirr ¦
" San Fr>nclico
. Catarrh^;:^
Whether it is of the nose, throat,
stomach, bowels, or more delicate or-'
pans, catarrh Is always debilitating and'
should never fall of attention.
It is, a discharge from the mucous
membrane when kept in a state of in-
flammation by an impure, commonly
scrofulous, condition of ¦ the blood.
Hood'sSarsaparilla
Cures all forms of catarrh, radically and
permanently — it removes the cause and
overcomes all the effect*. Get Hood' a. •_ j
¦PARKER'S j
Balsam
; Fnraetes the growth of the hair aod ', ¦ r.
; RiTes It the luatre and aililnesacf youtn. 5 "'
When tbe hair 13 grar or tided tt'I "
i '¦ BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. ¦ ; c *'
• ; i It prevents Daadratf . and hair f*i«ng J ', .- .
1 ; and Jrceps the scalp clfan and healthy.! ', i'-:
ATny^^|CUIZB SICK HEADACHE.^
BBrmt Genuine Must Bear ,-
fflVER . Fto-SirailaSignaQir*: ft":
I PIU.S. _ u^-» f^Explain Results of Work Performed
and Effect -E lection of Cen
lidl voOIIli 111 tlcc.
PROHIBITIONISTS OPEN
THEIR CONVENTION.
General ) Manager ,? Chapman '.of '\ the
United ; Railroads, who has" been in the
East i for 1 several weeks inspecting the
different -^street railways,! has '¦ returned
MiflUastTeveninff,h'e v iwasithe/^Mt' : 'of 'a
number^ofj^the ; officials i ; and employes
fcffUi'eXffiinp^
thetrboms'ofithejPress'-Club^l^M
Manager . Chapman Returns.
A - Hayes ciub was organized In the
Thirty-second Assembly District last
night at Maennerbund halL ty was de
cided to hold a mass-meeting In the
near future, on some date that will be
convenient for the congressional : can
didate to attend. The following officers
of the:club were elected :„
President, John E.,Hellmann; first
vice* president, Fred N. Bent: second
vice president, James Boyle; third vice
president, Charles Wiseman; secretary,
Edward - J. Turner; treasurer,, August
Mullering; sergeant -at-arms, Thomas
Slmonds. An executive committee
consisting of the following was ap
pointed:. Ed. Turner, chairman; L. C.
Cull, J. J. Boyle, R. J. Welch and
James F.. Kelly.,
Republicans of the Thirty-fourth As
sembly District met last night at Im
provement Club . Hall, Market street
near Sixteenth, and organized a club to
work In behalf of 'E.- A."Hayes,{nomi
nee for Congress,' Officers '. as ' follow
were chosen: President, 'A.) H. ; Merrill;
vice presidents. Senator Frank French,
Joseph Nyland and Charles ) Jansen;
secretary, Fred Ritchie; : treasurer,?E.
M. Ritter. sergeant-at-arms, ) Charles
Ellis., The ' following ': campaign com
mittee, consisting .; of oner 'member
from' / each "> precinct,.; was ap
pointed: W." LV "Hagarty. Frank W.
Merrill, John D.Hore. \ Otto F.'. Huber, ;
H. C. Langrehr, Walter Attrldge, "? Dr:
J. H. Soper. T. J. Gray, C'-E.; Benedict,
A. B. Craw, Behrend Joost, - Joseph
Tuite, Walter Klatt, " George C.'-Ham
merer. Alpheus" Duffee," John Schroeder
and Edward SeawelL )' It was) an
nounced that a mass-meeting ; of ; . the
Republicans of the .district 1 would take
place at Twin Peaks Hall. '
." - "~ — —-— — » • « — '• — — ' - ¦ .. - ¦
TO : GRADE . BAY ;. SHORE.— Petitions were
filed yesterday with the Board of v Supervisors
by Henry. A. Whitley for. permission" to? ex
niode. blasts for " grading 1 purposes ¦. along and
upon the bay shore right at way of. the South.'
ern Pacific . Company ¦ and to i lay : and ; maintain
temporary , tracks from | the | right of i way ¦ along
Twenty-seventh;": avenue * South to H : "street,
thence .to Twenty-flfth ¦ avenue ; South.-" "I
: ¦ •¦' ' — ¦¦¦'¦'-*,.* ' > ¦-*- ..^T^^
¦ The Paraisb -Springs' are' (Jways open.\»
REPUBLICANS RALLY TO SUPPORT OF HAYES
AND CHEER NOMINEE AT DISTRICT MEETINGS
CONVICTED OF MANSLAUGHTER
AT SECOND TRIAL OP CASE
John U- Snjder Must Pay Penalty for
the Killing of George
Potter.
YREKA, Oct. 21. — The Jury In the
John H. Snyder case returned a ver
dict to-night of manslaughter, after
being out two hours. Snyder was
tried for the killing 'of George Potter
In Snyder*s cabin on June 16. This
was the second trlaL The first Jury
disagreed.
BULLET GOES WILD. — T. Karades. a Greek
restaurateur. 833 Howard street, shot at Frank
Kallas. a countryman, last night. The bullet
went wide of Its mark. . Karades waa arrested
and charged with attempt to commit murder.
p|^ttie||p21owlng|iet|of|^olutlons
th^Merehants'^AssocIa^on^ indorses
After: Lande) "concluded the gath
ering, permanently-' organized . • the
James M.* Seawell * Campaign '._ Club^ ,T."
E.S" Pawlicki was : made president. Ed
ward ) Lande J* was i nominated * for the
place, ; but) he '-^leclined. ¦)¦_' .
It : v was): determined '¦', to) appoint an
executive^committee 1 ; of five, Iwithl sub-"
committees to T Vwork for) SeaweilV in
every district.'/ Opinions iwere* heard
from) men • in) every district , on Judge
Sea/well's chances. " The) meeting .'closed
with "each "rnernber^etermined tdjwofk
hard to ;")keepV Judge ; Seawell ); In the
"pliace'jheToiccupied^wlthlhonoV'i'^^'i^.C"--:
This is not a" knockers' 'dub. Our duty is
to get lout .of - politics: and keep: on the bench
an able and distinguished Judge like Seawell.
By common consent he has acted as Chief Jus
tice ;; of .the - Superior < Court for. twelve years.
After years ; of struggle i San Francisco has 1 a
clean "Judiciary 1 system, with a : leader* of In
tegrity and nerve at the head. •-' Keep him there.
I believe ', that Judge Seawell will ; be ¦• elected
by ; the ; Republican' vote.' '"The Democratic; par
ty.', whose : nomination he has, - is ¦ cut * in - two
and divided i against : itself. f Republican : good
citizenship will elect* him. '.Judge Seawell -Is
not " a glad > hand i arti*t.v He is a gentleman
of the old ' school of chivalry and self-controL
We i know - the innate' manliness \ of ' his ! charac
ter and '. respect it. £ His work : speaks for him/
•7-We should ifeel • not • only - that he can : b»
elected. \ but that « he * mui>t ¦:¦_ be elected. .? His
vote in i the .Western - Addition ' alone will make
him head the ticket. 'Republicans will. Indorse
and support him and by- Republican .votes he
will be elected as a tribute to his incomparable
worth as a man. and a lawyer. :v '
In well-chosen words Lande,. spoke
of the candidate as he knew him. He
said in part: .
The meeting was opened by tempo
rary) chairman, T.' E. Pawlickl, who
called upon ; Edward Lande, a promi
nent -Republican and a prominent law
yer, to speak. )
With earnestness and- enthusiasm
friends of Judge James M. Seawell,
candidate for ¦ re-election to the Su
perior Court" bench,, assembled last
night at 32 O'Farrell street and or
ganized the ; Judge Seawell Campaign
Ciub. While the majority of the vot
ers present were attorneys, the gath
ering, included representatives from
all classes and parties, . who united ; in
one ; : purpose— to keep" James) M. Sea
well on the Superior bench, where for
twelve ; years I he has given distin
guished service.
Friends of Judge Pledge Themselves
{a Work Earnestly for Him.
SEAWELI. CX.UB ORGANIZED.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 21.— A large and en
thusiastic assemblage of orchardists
and farmers pledged their support to E.
A. Hayes, the Republican Congres
sional nominee in the Fifth District and
the entire Republican ticket of the
nation at the rally at Campbell this
evening. Hayes was given a rousing
reception. .The' hall was crowded, and
the meeting was a very enthusiastic
one. Between the speeches the Stan
ford^, quartet furnished selections.
.Hayes* address, which was devoted to
the principles" of .the Republican party,
was frequently applauded. He pointed
to" the history of the Republican* party
for the : past forty-four years and con
trasted' the -prosperity under McKinley
and Roosevelt to the demoralization
and, stagnation : of business under
Cleveland. The Coxey armies and
thousands of idle men of the time of
Democratic rule were spoken of, and
contrasted with the status of labor to
day^
y' He assured the fruit growers as
sembled that if sent : to Congress ; he
would see that they did not 'suffer from
foreign v competition by having the
tariff reduced on products of the Santa*
Clara Valley. Hayes urged on ; the
.voters . the t importance J of ' a 'consistent
and active effoftfor the election : of. the
entire ¦ Republican ; ticket.' He I said r ' he
believed he"-. would , be elected \ their, rep-'
resentatiye in Congress. '
! 'Addresses were also \ made *by> Eli
"Wright, :: candidate ; for Senator * In /the
Twenty-seventh ; District ; ''Ward ; Jarvis,
nominee for Assemblyman in the Fifty r
sixth; District: Frank > Mitchell, can
didate f or ; Supervisor ! and Judge Frank
H. Benson. .The "speaker ; told" ¦ of
Hayes*. \, well-known attitude ; toward
-labor/and how his " employes : and 'other
laboring men endorsed him. . They said
'there'* was no doubt Santa^ClaraCounty
would-; give r Hayes : a ; blg majority. . At
the'; close .of '; the' speaking Hayes . held
a "reception. \. "~ .
Orchardists Give Evidence of Support
at' Campbell.
FRUIT MEN FOR HAYES.
October and November Days
Are beautiful In sunny Maria aad Scncrr.a,
counties. Short trips via Sauaatito Terry and
North Shore to Mill Valley. 40c: Larkspur,
Rosa Valley. Fairfax or San Rafael. 50c.
Ferry departs daily at 7:08. 7:43. 8:25. »:1O.
»:3O. ll:0O a. m., 1:45. 3:15. 4:35. 5:15. 5:5O.
6:30. 7:15. 0 and 11:35 p. m. See the autumn
colors in the woods ax Lagunitas, Oucp Tay
lor, Tocaloma, Point Reyes. Tomales Bay.
Camp Meeker. Monte Rio and ' the Russian
River; Duncans Mills and Caxadero Bi*
Trees. Quail and duck shooting. Reduced
rates on Sundays, also Friday or Saturday to
Monday. Apply for copy "Short Scenic Trips'*
at CM Market street. San Francisco. *
Mr. Kahn made vote-winning
speeches yesterday at the works of the
California Sugar Refinery and the
Tubbs Cordage Company's plant in the
Potrero. Both of these speeches were
restricted to the Question of "imperial-
Ism** as applied to' President Roosevelt
in the Democratic charge that he is
imperialism's advocate. Regarding this
Mr. Kahn said:
So far as the charge is concerned that Pres
ident Roosevelt is an advocate «of Imperial-
Ism, the fart elands that osder the adminis
tration of Tfceo<iore Roosevelt an American
citizen has been safer in foreign lands than
#ver before In ttoe history of the United States.
If Imperialism be the protection of American
Interests. American commerce. American citi
xtns abroad and th« fostering , of the Ameri
can's right to exploit the marts of the world,
thtn Theodore Roosevelt is guilty of the charge
the DemocraTs. Is the absence of asy sane
and sotind Issue, choose to make in their des
perate effort to win votes at the coming elec
tion. Bat this Is not Imperialism, it Is what
Americans expect and demand and it has re
moved the necessity. Trhich I regret to say ex
irted during other administration?, of Ameri
can citizens caJHr-g cpon the diplomatic rep
resentatives of ether powers when they wanted
Justice in foreign lands. No American can
question the soundness of this policy. It
Julius Kahn is making an active and.
If Indications may be relied upon, a
winning campaign. Yesterday he ad
dressed several audiences and on each
occasion his views of the issues of the
campaign met with approval.
Mr. Kahn's strength lies in the fact
that he Is favored by all classes of peo
ple. He has enlisted the support not
only of politicians of his party but of
business men and workmen, with the
result that in every precinct of his dis
trict he has active and intelligent men
advocating his election. Investigation
eeems to develop the fact that his fight
Is already won and that for the next
two years the Fourth Congressional
District of California will lend Its aid
In the earning out of the Republican
policies that have brought prosperity to
the nation.
Resolved, That each and every member -of
the Julius Kahn Club pledge himself to use
erery honorable means to secure his election.
.Resolved. That the Fourth .., Congressional
Julius Kahn Club indorses the \ renomlnatlon
of Julius Kahn by the .Fourth Congressional
Convention as the best fitted candidate, > who
If elected, will best . represent the - interests
of the . laboring, manufacturing and business
interests of the city and , county of San Fran
circo; and be Jf further :
Whereas, The Fourth Congressional District
of San Francisco represents a majority of the
laboring, manufacturing and business Interests
of the city and county of San Francisco
therefore be It -
Reports were presented from dele
gates representing all the Assembly
districts embraced in the Fourth Con
gressional District, which showed that
Mr. Kahn would again be returned to
Congress by a large majority. :
More than 200 members signed the
roll. Speeches were made by M. J.'
Brady, J. J. Rock, M. J. Kilgallon,
James McCarthy, Joseph Anthony, M.
J. Fay, P. J. Kelleher, P. J. McLaugh
lin, T. Long and others. The following
resolution was unanimously adopted: "'
At the conclusion of Mr. Kahn's
speech he was enthusiastically cheered.
As he was leaving the hall Judge
Charles T. Conlan, Democratic nominee
for Judge of the Superior Court, ar
rived. He was called upon to make an
address, at the conclusion of which the
meeting adjourned.
The personal friends of Julius Kahn
met last evening at the Alcazar build
ing. , John Lackmann occupied the
chair and P. J. Kelleher acted as sec
retary.
We are upon the eve of another Presidential
election and I wi»h to impress upon you that
election of the President alone is not sufficient.
In order that he may carry out Ills policies he
must have behind him a Congress that will aid
him in every way, not harass /Mm or defeat
his Intentions entirely, as a Democratic Con
gress would do. For this reason, If for no
other. I ask you to stand firm for the Repub
lican ticket 'and vote it straight through. It
will Insure for you a continuation of that pros
perity you hav e long enjoyed, and which you
are unwilling to part with In exchange for
the hard times Democratic dominancy will
usher In. •:"¦¦: ¦:-. . -.•¦••
Mr. Paduveri was followed by Frank
A. Markey, Republican and Union
Labor nominee for the Senate in the
Seventeenth District: Daniel W. Bur
chard. Republican and Union Labor
nominee for Superior Judge," and John
A Cullen, Republican and Union Labor
nominee for the Assembly in . the
Twenty-ninth District. At the conclu
sion of Mr. Cullen' s address Mr. Kahn
was Introduced to the members of the
club. He was warmly received and
immediately won his audience. In part
he said:
During the last reven and a half years • of
Republican administration there , has been
plenty In the land; the prosperity 'of the na
tion has been greater than it had ever before
known And greater than any other • nation on
earth has ever known. This has been due to
Republican administration — as the people know
after bitter exr>erfence under Democratic con
trol — and. under Republican administration this
prosperity will continue.
Mr. Hayes has for years been a prominent
citizen. Interested In the work of tha great
Republican party and seeking to foster good
tltteenship in our neighboring city of San
Jose. He Is a man of great ability and of
excellent character and will make a desirable
and trustworthy representative. Let us all
work and vote for Julius Kahn and E. A.
Hayes and we shall never r«rret it.
In the evening Mr. Kahn waa the
principal speaker at an enthusiastic
meeting held by the Greek-American
Republican Club at B'nai "E'rith Hall.
The meeting: was largely attended and
was presided over by N. Valianos,
president of the club. One of the most
interesting speakers of the evening was
Felix Paduveri, secretary of the Greek
Consulate* who sounded a key note
when he said:
Our worthy and distinguished friend Mr.
Kahn must have his double; he must have irith
him some one to assist him who Is Just as
able and trustworthy and as /true Republican
as himself and with their combined efforts
ami their combined energies they can gain
much for California and this great city. Let
us then elect In the Fifth District our good
and true friend E. A. Hayes.
GREEKS HOLD MEETING.
stands for all that is American and It will
prevail.
Republican Candidate for Congress Addresses Three
Representative Gatherings on Issues of
REPUBLICAN CANDIDA TT. FOR CONGRESS IN THE FOURTH DISTRICT WHO HAS ENLISTED THE SUPPORT OP A HOST
c^^Fo£ ETI^ INED to CARRY HIS ™ nT FOR THE OFFICE
Speeches were made last night by
Frank A. Markey, William Mindham,
'John A. Cullen, Thomas Eagan, John
McXamara, William Harrington, N.
Valianos , and others.
The Frank A. Markey Club of the
Seventeenth Senatorial District, Twen
ty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Assembly
districts, was organized Thursday
night at Fifth and Harrison streets,
Three . hundred members signed the
club roll. Another meeting will he held
afc Occidental Pavilion, .Third "street,
next Wednesday night. The club of
ficers are: President, Thomas R. Far
rell; first vice president, Peter J. Kelr
ly; second vice president, W. J. Har
rington; secretary, Barney. Conlon;
sergeant-at-arms, . Frank Smith ; cam
paign committee. Twenty-eighth iDs
trict—-W. J. Harrington, Barney Con
lon, Peter J. Kelly, Walter McCauley
and Vincent Bello; Twenty-ninth Dis
trict — -John McXamara, J. J. Walters,
Thomas Finn. L. Valianos ajid Henry
Quigg;' press committee— -Barney Con
lon, P. M.Duffy.
Voters of Seventeenth District Plan to
Aid Republican Candidate. '.
The speech of the evening was made
by the candidate for Congress for this
district, J. N. Gillett, who discussed
the Issues of the day in an able inan
ner. He answered his opponent, who
spoke here a few days ago,. in a most
convincing way. Gillett discussed the
tariff and the trust questions and gave
an account of what he had done in
Congress for the district and for the
State.
The meeting was opened by the
chairman, W. W. Foster, by a speech
In which he said that the Republicans
of this part of Siskiyou County were
In favor t>f a man for President who
did not believe in pulling down the
flag.
Congressman Answers His Opponent
tn Convincing Manner.
SISSON, Oct. 21. — The Republicans
held a meeting here to-night, which
was the banner gathering of the cam
paign. All "the principal streets were
ablaxe with light from the numerous
bonfires. Salutes were fired during
the evening. Odd Fellows* Hall was
crowded to its fullest capacity by a
crowd of enthusiastic people.
MARKEY CLUB ORGANIZED.
SISSON" GREETS GILLETT.
Resolved. That the Merchants' Association,
in order that the judiciary of this city and
county may be kept out of politics as far as
possible, and that the interests of civil ser
vice reform may be furthered to the greatest
extent, recommends the re-election of the
present Judges — Seaweil. Murasky, Kerrigan
and Troutt.- ~
Whereas, One of these principles Is that
a good man In an office where issues of poli
cy are not Involved should not be displaced
except through promotion, and
Whereas. Said principle Is the leading doc
trine of civil service reform, which the asso
ciation has always advocated, and
Whereas. Said doctrine of civil service re
form has no more direct and . vital applica
tion anywhere than in the case of the Judi
ciary, therefore be it
the candidacy of Judges Seawell. Mu
rasky, Kerrigan and Troutt:
Whereas, The Merchants' Association has
necessarily advocated and acted upon certain
principles that it believes to be essential to
the public welfare, and i
At the conclusion of this meeting
Livernash and Wynn went out to
Baden to deliver addresses there.
The Becond meeting was at Silk's
Hall, on -Precita avenue, near Mission
street. "Walter O'Oonnell presided.
Here Livernash spoke on practically
the same" lines as at the first meeting.
A fair crowd was in attendance. Ad
dresses were also made by Judge Con-
Ian and Frank Costello.
Livernaah spoke at great length
upon the subject of -trusts and espe
cially that portion of the trusts that
hits the farmer most directly. He had
a great deal to say about the cost of
harvesting machinery and the enor
mous profits that the manufacturers
of these machines are making, as he
averred, all due to the tariffs. The
money lords were responsible for. this
condition. "Only a change of admin
istration," he said, "could be an effec
tive repression of these trust abuses.
The Republican L partyv cannot ) be re
lied upon to deal with the trusts as
they should be dealt with. The Roose
velt administration is a trust adminis
tration, no matter how Mr. - Roosevelt
may feel about the trusts himself."
This present administration has taken
no important stand agaii.st "robber"
combinations except in the case. of the
famous or infamous so-called "mer
ger." He said:
"I think Mr. Roosevelt had better
not talk much about his anxiety to
protect the nation against the criminal
extortion of trusts until his department
of justice does something. He" might
with greater profit to the nation use
his energy in prodding his own Cabinet
officers into at least the semblance of
activity." i* *!
"William J. Wynn followed with a few
remarks.
Edward J. Livernash had - a . busy
time last night. He held forth at three
meetings. He spoke first at Strieker's
Hall, corner of Twenty-eighth and
Church streets. Walter Graham was
president of the meeting, which was a
large one.
LIVERNASH HAS A BUST NIGHT
DECRYING TRUSTS BEFORE THREE
MISSION DISTRICT AUDIENCES
Sergeant Tooley had a good record
in the army. He was burled at the
post cemetery this morning with mil
itary honors. Four negro soldiers.
Privates Brooks and Allen. Corporal
Smith and Sergeant Johnson, all of
the first squadron. Ninth Cavalry,
were concerned in the quarrel.
The evidence at the inquest showed
that the negro cavalrymen were In the
house when several white soldiers,
among them Sergeant Tooley, came
In. Tooley asksd one of the women
to dance with him and she refused,
whereat he spoke angrily to her. This
aroused one' of the negroes and im
mediately there was gunplay and sev
eral shots were fired. In the mixup
Tooley was mortally wounded and
died a few moments later. It appears
that all the shooting was- done by the
negro soldiers, as none of the white
men was armed.
An Inquest was held last night and
at a late hour the jury brought in a
verdict to the effect that Arthur Too
ley. a native of Indiana, about 24
years of age, came to his death by a
gunshot wound Inflicted unlawfully
by a colored soldier of the Ninth Unit
ed States Cavalry, whose name Is un
known to the jury. The verdict
charged the negro soldier with mur
der.
MONTBRBT, Oct. SI. — The ex
citement over the row In the tender
loin district of this place "Wednesday
night, which resulted In the killing of
Sergeant Arthur E. Tooley. Troop K,
United States Cavalry, and the subse
quent burning of the house where
the' shooting occurred, has subsided.
The report that other men were se
riously wounded In the row turns out
to be untrue.
, The Sailors* Union requestetd that
the Labor Council recommend the
American Federation of Labor to take
a stand against the immigration, of
Japanese and Koreans into this coun-
M. Blum, president of the Cigar
makers* Union, bitterly upbraided
Mayor Schmitz in a speech before the
Labor Council last night. He went
as far as to accuse the Mayor with
using a forged telegram from Daniel
Harris, a labor authority in New York,
In his efforts to exonerate Police Com
missioner Drinkhouse, , who waa
charged with using his official position
to build up his cigar trade.
The executive committee of the Labor
Council objected to the bill now before
the Supervisors prohibiting the dis
tribution of dodgers or printed adver
tising-tm the streets or in doorways.
. The Waiters* Union announced that
a silent boycott had been placed on the
Tortoni restaurant on O'Farrell street.
The Citizens' Alliance will seek to en
join the waiters from interfering with
the business of this restaurant.
BLUM SCORES THE MAYOR.
Resolved. That the thanks of this conven
tion be extended to the Central Trades and*
Labor Union and the Building Trades Council
of St. .Lout?. Kansas City and other cities of
Missouri, and to the labor unions of Texas,
for their recent successes in defeating antl
scalping bills in their State Legislatures, and
especially recommend the St. Louis unions to
continue the good fight in resisting these ob
noxious 1 laws, ordinances and Injunctions
ing the period of the World's Fair in that city.
Resolved. That tk» resolutions adopted at
each of the last six annual conventions of this
federation, denouncing anU-scalplng. Federal
and State antl-scalping laws, city ordinances
and injunctions, be reaffirmed.
Resolved. That we again request all State
federations, central trade and labor councils
and labor unions allied with the American
Federation of Labor to u«e every effort to de
feat anti-scalping bills and city ordinances in
imical to ticket brokerage, and again Instruct
our legislative committee at Washington to
oppose all anti-scalplng bills that have been
or may be introduced in the United States
Concresa.
Resolved." By the American Federation of
Labor in this, its twenty-third annual con
vention .KStembled, that all railroad trans
portation should be good to the bearer, and
that It is an outrage to require the signatures
of purchasers on tickets. - We also protest
agaisst the. nuisance of Joint agencies an-!
other identification annoyances as an unnec
essary Imposition upon excursionists and trav
eler:.
Whereas. Having signally failed In recent
years, because of the intense opposition by
organized labor to such measures, to pass
anti-scalplng bills in any of the States of the
Cr.Ion or in the United States Congress, the
great railroad trusts, represented by the so
called passenger associations, are now en
deavoring to accomplish by Injunction what
they have failed to secure by direct legisla
tion; and
Whereas, Because of the great World's Fair
at St. Louis and the necessity for" cheap rail
road fares to secure a large attendance, the
railroad trust, taking advantage of the situ
ation, declares that the usual reduced rates
for such - occasions will not be made unless
ticket brokerage be destroyed by city ordi
nances and injunctions, thus permitting them,
to profit enormously by the forfeiture of re
turn coupons in the bands of excursionist*
and others who may be unable to use them
personally and which they would make it
crimicHl to sell; therefore be It
The following resolutions, recently
adopted by the American Federation of
Labor, were also indorsed:
FAVORS TICKET SCAIjPERS.
Whereas. The issuance of these bonds will
not entail any additional taxes upon the peo
ple of the State, inasmuch as the sinking Tend
and interest for said bonds will be paid entirely
from the revenue of this port; therefore, be it
Resolved. That the San Francisco Labor
Council indorse th« proposed Issuance of said
bunds, fully realizing the enormous benefit that
will accrue therefrom to the city and State,
and also the amount of labor necessarily con
cerned in Its. accomplishment, of .which the
wage earner will receive, financially, the
greater part; and further, we request that all
labor organizations of this State and city give
due prominence and publicity to this Import
ant measure, urging their members to vote for
said proposition at the coming election, next
November. ¦*.~ : .'-±~* .
. Wh-ereas. At th» coming election, next No
vember, there will be submitted to a vote of
the electors of the State of California a propo
sition to issue bonds to the amount of $2,000,000
for the purpose of improving the water front of
San Francisco by the extension of the sea
wall i.f said city whereby new docks and
wharves mar be built, and also the curbing.
paving; and extension of East street may bo
accomplished; and,
Whereas. It is deemed important that the
attention of labor organizations and labor In
general should be called to this Important
measure, which the welfare of the city and
State demands, whereby improved facilities for
our commerce and sort can be obtained; and.
The San Francisco Labor Council last
night adopted the following resolutions
favoring the Issuing of bonds to the
amount of $2,000,000 for the improve
ment of the water front of this city:
Sergeant Who Lost Life Had
Good Record and Is Buried
With Military Honors
National Body Is Upheld in
Its Stand in Opposition
to Anti - Scalping Laws
WOULD BENEFIT CITY
NAME OF MAN UNKNOWN
Adopts Resolutions Favor
ing Raising of $2,000,000
to Improve Water Front
Jury, on Killing
of Tooley in Monterey,
Makes Charge of Murder
LABOR COUNCIL
FAVORS BONDS
NEGRO BLAMED
FOR SHOOTING
Kahn Wins Approval of Audiences
Throughout the Fourth District
REPUBLICANS ARE CERTAIN OF VICTORY
telling of the high regard in which the
American is held in his country, re
gretted to find that the law was not
always upheld in the United States. He
said that he had attended the Demo
cratic convention at St. Louis, and
after observing the .methods at the
gathering he said at the time, "My
God, if I had a dog I loved I would
not trust it to such a party."
Professor T. J. Alley, W. Cv Clark,
John E. Maine, Rev. Henry A. Fisk,
H. R. Chapin. Prohibition candidate for
Congress in the Fourth Congressional
District, and Dr. George B. Pratt, can
didate of the Fifth Congressional Dis
trict, were also among the speakers.
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Simmons of Riv
erside sang some campaign duets, that
delighted the" gathering.
The convention elected the following
County Central Committee: F. Head
(chairman), J. P.-Jopling, N. Morcom,
Rev. Joseph Rowell, H. R. Chapin, H.
H. Bell,* W. J. Fisher, Captain H. N.
Turner, George W. Richards and Rev.
J.'H. N. Williams. • i : v^;^-:
The -Prohibition -party's City 'and
County Convention opened . its cam
paign yesterday afternoon at the Acad
emy of Sciences Hall, State Chairman
A. B. Taynton presiding:- The meeting
began with prayer by" the Rev. Emma
Pow Bauder, president of the Na
tional .Woman's Prohibition Club, after
whichi the chairman delivered a short
introductory address.-:
Referring to the late convention held
in Indianapolis, Taynton said it was
attended < by. delegates .who inl number
and ¦ enthusiasm equaled similar con
ventions of the two dominant parties.
He said further that the ; Prohibition
party had got to that point where it
elects men to office. .
The Rev. J. H. N. "Williams, pastor
of Simpson Memorial Church, followed
with a stirring /address. While he
pledged his unalterable allegiance to
the Prohibition party he took occasion
to speak" of the President as "that
splendid man, Theodore Roosevelt."
T.W. Glover of New Zealand, rafter
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. SATURDAY;vdCTOBER r 22;. 190i; ¦
3
AD_VKTOJUSKalKN'TS.
Macaroni and Cheese. rfl |
«p39E'r^Sk Materials : — Half pound rnaca- jrrf|k §
«plla^^\'ffi roni, boiling salted water, two table- iVtVl J*
k^S*fV spoonfuls butter, half cupRJ grated *¦
WV 8 V I cheese, salt and pepper, bread ||^g f
Lea & Perrins*
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
) SeaSCming :—-When this . dish b served pass with it a bottle of f
Lea G&. Perriha' Sauce. A little sprinkled ' over ¦¦ it will give a
marked improvement in-fiayor. It is' equally good— if not better ~ |
=¦¦¦-¦¦¦¦¦"_ I ; decire : to , congratulate . you, my ' old neigh;
Dors and ? the , citizen* ; ef * what 1 1 > love i to > call
my old State, upon th« fact that- what rAlton.B.
Parker Is and represents In the. nation 'D.^Cady
Herrlck? Islano ; renresents 3 In your C State. -The
time; has arrived < when' there ' Is needed at 'the
head of. your,' State government i a' man as able/
as i fearltas , and -, as . lncorruotible las I : know
your, candidate i for. Governorl to; be. 1 , i - ;v
;¦. -. Let :, us i hope ; that ¦• the t day ! is s near i when? all
our > neoolfe.7 havina- » a i correct a appreciation '* of
the .value : of j the - free : Instltu tlona i which % God
has ..vouchsafed to •¦ them ; and 'animated s byMhe
spirit i of '¦ true { patriotism, ', may.^ ste } their | high
est duty . in ? continually.; puardlns \ and I defend 3
Ing | these | Institutions > against \ the decay : which
comes of , neglect,". th« weakness which ! cornea • of
undermining g materialism^ and 6 the S perversion
which j; come* : of j disobed lence :. to ? the * laws ? of
our; national life and health. < r ¦ v r' -
PARKER AND HERRICk:
I have ventured to ' suggest ¦ the . misleading
purpose of the vainglorious claims made by a
party I or<ranlxatlon which seeks j a | continuance
of political control, and to Intimate the hurntU
latlng •' estimate of our people's intelligence,
and patriotic vigilance which the exploitation
of, these claims Involved ..It. is surely, not mar
row partisanship which prompts me to entreat
my * countiTmen to hold fast i and eure : their
Independence of thought " and r :¦ their ; ' cour
age , in ( Judgment ; nor do : I speak In . a' tone
of partisanship .when • I beg them : to ; remember,
that the true greatness and glory of our nation
cannot safely rest upon wealth which .finds l Us
way toithe: few; at the expense iof ? thesmajiy,.
nor. upon aruch material success as contaminates
the purity j or , blunts j the potency, cf . patriotism,
nor - uiKin : exoanslon ' In ¦• disregard ¦:; of our na
tional ; mission and ,' Intent, '• nor ; upon : achieve
ments that put In question our national moral
ity. Above ?¦ all,;;, greater than - all, •¦ guarding
and protecting : all and fostering: everything
that American patriotism should covets are the
service . and :¦. devotion to - country of ' a •, sincere
people who believe that, if their; Government is
preserved- in Its -simplicity,,; and - defended
against perversion. > Its • blesslnirs of happiness,
contentment and true ; prosperity will In \ boun
teous ¦ measure visit * every cornurj. of , our ; land. 1 :
.1 do not speak, ¦ however,' as a 'Democrat 'at
tached i to - ; Democratic . principles ; i and • anxious
for - the 4; ascendancy of ; my i party j when % I ? con
gratulate | the I Democracy of ¦ our ' country I upon
the clear ar.«l 'statements s In > our
party platfoi-m. and upon the manner In which
Itj doctrines arn personified bv our candidates.
W e pledge to «ur countrymen, through I our plat
iSTiTl 1 * r *"t,- ; -'genuln« prosperity,"-: safety .* and * a :
return > to ; tne . way ,< mftrKea out . oy ; tne . uousm
tution; j and % we t promise, •• tnrougn ; : our/ canui-"
dattw, that If it 1» the peoole'B will our plat-,
form shall i be ¦ carried : out . and ¦ that ; under ¦ our
governmental - tnana-ement -. Democratic »;: con
ser\-atlsm * and . , care - shall C rule t the 'i national
councils to •, the , exclusion of '¦ rash • impulse and
spectacular /demonstration'. : '¦.''-' : ,
VAINGLORIOUS CLAIMS.
achievement. They do not undervalue the ob
ject gained, but they keenly appreciated the
Importance and value of our national honor,
our national good name, and above all our na
tional morality. Not even the. great worth of
the thing accomplished will close the eyes of
thoughtful Americans to the. fact that* In
reaching, the results wo have exhibited such
International ruthleasness and such selfish in«
ternatlonal morality as have lastingly debili
tated our reputation for good faith and estab
lished a precedent which In, time; to come may
be Invoked to Justify the • most startling and
reprehensible abandonment ! of . the high ideals
which . have made us an example . of \ the ; best
civilization — a people happy as we are. Intel
ligently. fret,, strong as. we are' 'scrupulously
Just, t and : everywhere trusted . and honored ¦ as
we undevlatlngly follow in the way of upright
ness r and ' rectitude.
They, will' see. the sheer wrongf Ulricas of this
condition so clearly, } and ; they. ', will so firmly
believe that In this way they are made to bear
tariff ' burdens In ' order : that i they.; may be ' dis
criminated against In favor. ot. foreign consum
ers. -. that ; they will . not : be - satisfied '.with ; the
ataurance : - that ' the tariff \ has '¦ nothing; .¦ to : do
with * trusts.v They I will . consign ; such : an ; ex
planation to the limbo of negation, to taka Its
place .with the outworn deception, that, the for
eign ¦ exporter ¦ pays ; our. tariff .taxes.v and -with
two other sadly .weak pretensions, one that the
tariff should be ' reformed ; only : by . Us •¦ friends, .
and : the other <; that ; the • party .-.which i believes
that a protective tariff policy ought '.to be con-'
sidered as definitely established loves- reci
procity In trade, h , •' . " '¦ •
. ' When the ' platform . boast • is mad* ¦ that ?,"tn
the ¦ Philippines e we . have | suppressed | Insurrec. ,
tlon, \ establlehed • order i and ¦ given ' to .; life i and
property a security never known there before,";
the eonfesalon!' will 'be extorted that the insur
reotion suppressed '< was ; ' , no « more "'; than :• ". the
crushing out of resistance to the army, of the
United 1 Statei- while | engaged I In ' the I subJuRa -
tlon . of a people I thousands I of j miles | from ; our,
shores, whom an incident of a war undertaken
by : us ¦: In ?ald. of i those ! struggling i for ". llbertr
and Independence i In I another/ quarter had put
within our power; and the people , will ask under
what ¦!-• sanction 'Wai n>th1i« ¦* subjugation t entered'
upon by a .nation ' to i the doctrln* ¦ that
all 5 Just : powers T of « government "\ are 8 derived
; from * the , consent T of > the I governed,;' and - they
will . deny -j that : imperialism I and our forcible
rule i of i foreign '¦ people ; have " any,? place ¦ among
the purposes of^ our: national; Ufe. s , i "*.:.V/ .:. <
• When s credit" Is > claimed for j securing! a', rout*
for t a ;. long . desired ;¦ Interoceanic waterway it
will * not -b« , In ¦ a* carping : spirit ¦ thai ithe ) people
will Mook-at the incidents iaccoropunylng, this
TARIFF AND THE TRUSTS.
: With these tendencies. and these burdens In
mind, they ( will ask . the party > professing ; - Its
anxiety to • restrain or • destroy " harmful r - com
binations .why , a protective tariff policy should
be considered definitely established ,whlch,~i in
addition - to Its ' other . alms,'; contributes ¦ to ¦ a
situation that permits * a - combination i or < mo
nopoly ' to : aell , abrad : articles . of ' our manu
facture at lower, prices than ' are exacted - from
©ur own citizens , at home. ¦¦_¦ '• •¦ -. .« . ¦ -
flourish, and they may also ' recall how - the
consternation among those Implicated In such
schemes' who once feared " a general : pursuit
was quieted when . the soothing assurance
reached them that the Government did not
Intend to ''run amuck." Nor will theyprob- 1
ably accept the suggestion that repentance .or
a change of heart accounts for j the - manner
by which the threats and anlmostly of > many
powerful trust magnates have been displaced
by their approval • and support of the party
which seeks .to convince the people of Its
trust -destroying proclivities. - -
This item of the account will not be passed
over without a reference to the platform state
ment that "protection which guards and de
velops our ¦ Industries Is a cardinal ¦ policy of
the Republican ; party," : nor without noting
the ' declaration ¦ of the candidate - standing on
thig platform that the ' protective tariff ) policy
ought now. to be considered aa "definitely es-'
tablished." Tfca question will be asked, which
are the American industries that at this time
are in need of the shelter ' of such , a . tariff
as that now in force, and Is there never. to be
a . time when "American enterprise, ' American
Ingenuity ; and American opportunity ' will I free
our Industries from their stage of infancy and
permit - American inspiration and American
self-reliance to cast away ' the leading-strings
of a "definitely established" protective policy T
The " people know ; that this policy ; has given
risa ; to reckless greed and to a ¦ worship ¦ of
gs,ln . menacing patriotic ¦ sentiment . and ' our,
love- for high standards of national greatness,'
and : they know, that ' at . best it- lays - burdens
on the consumers of our land. v '¦• ¦¦'., . ¦":
On the platform with the former
President was John G. Carlisle. Sec
retary of the Treasury under Cleve
land. Carlisle shared with his old
Before he was allowed to epeak at
all he was compelled to wait five
minutes while his. audience gave vent
to tumultuous cheers- No sooner would
a wave of enthusiasm begin to fall
than some strong voice would rouse the
people to renewed efforts. It was spon
taneous and given with a will that left
no doubt aa to the place Cleveland
holds in the hearts of Democrats. As
there are seats for only twenty-five
hundred people In the hall not more
than three thousand were admitted.
Many times that number were turned
away. At the conclusion of the meet-
Ing Cleveland was fairly mobbed on
the platform by men who wished to
ebaXe his hand and the utmost en
deavors of a squad of policemen were
required to clear the passage for him.
NEW YORK. Oct. 21.— To Grover
Cleveland wa» given to-night, in Car
regie Hall, one of the greatest ova
tions and one of the most enthusiastic
receptions ever accorded to a public
men In New York. Returning to the
political platform In this city for the
first time in a dozen years, with tbe
exception of a brief address delivered
at a reception at the Tilden Club, early
last winter. Cleveland was taken to
the hearts of as audience which filled
every available foot of space in the
hall.
His address, which he read in a clear
voice that reached to the remotest
part* of the galleries, was punctured
more than a score of times by perlod«
cf enthusiastic cheers. His arraign
ment of the Republican party for Its
alleged hypocrisy and trust-fostering
principles brought his audience to its
feet time after time, while his sar
castic reference to "Infant industries
v hich are able to sell their product in
foreign countries for less than they
charge at home" caused roars of
laughter. ;< *-v •
; '.They, wlU not fall. to observe that ; the; huge
combinations * which . directly ¦ Injure them e;i!l
COMBINATIONS \ FLOURISH.''
A party may Indulge i In" nelf-congratulatlon
when • it , has , effectively defended \ the ; people
in their dally life from the rapacity of trust*
and combinations which 'thrive a* private en
terprise la strangled and , whlcb : grow fat ' aa
by « their, control ; of;, the ? cost ; of living ? they
cause the homes of our land to grow lean; but
the ' peopl« will | hardly approve | tbe I vociferous
pride which claims that a ; successful attack
upon . the merger of . the ' stock ¦ of ; certain com
peting ; railroad*! has » rescued ' them . from their
oppressors. f. ¦[¦¦" .\- '*¦-..> ~.'a--' "l.\ '¦'¦¦:
The party will be given Just credit which,
early, or late, has endeavored to safeguard
the soundness of. the nation'* currency, but the
people will .reject as savoring of presumption
the insistence that - onlyU those . belonging i to
one • party organization can claim to be the
protectors and defenders of : our financial- In
tegrity; nor- will they forget that the fight
was hotly on when many of th« leaders of the
party : now making such ? an • Insistence -; were
worse, than lukews rm In the i cause." ' - k. .—
Such arrogance is not new to the party
which now seek* at . the hands of the people
a renewal of our Government's control. But
It has - so grown by what it has fed upon as
now shamelessly to assume that tbe time has
arrived when popular heedleseness or dullness
will permit boaetlng and reckless assertion
to pass for truth and reason. If this assump
tion is Justified there can be no doubt that the
sober and responsible political thought and
watchfulness upon which - the true Intent and
purpose of our Government, depends 'are in
grievous peril. If, on the other . hand, this
assumption Is viciously unwarranted, it Is an
Insult to American ' manliness - which ' should
arouse prompt and . effective resentment.
Never before have our people - been so be
labored with party deliverances which, in
every line and word, from platform declarations
to the last appeal of party advocacy. >¦ are so
saturated with . conceited and tiresome
of infallibility and with supercilious < disdain
of all oplltlcal efforts .except, such.. as are at
tempted under -the banner of : Republicanism.
8hafl this pass current 'at a time when at. the
parting ot the ways In- our ¦nation's develop
ment we «re especially called to patriotic
thoughtfulnessi and careful contemplation of
party deslgne and to a vigilant watch against
dangers that beset us? My faith In my coun
try men will not permit me : to believe this, - or
to doubt that' they will insist upon examin
ing for themselves the accounts of party stew
ardship.
They know that their -country's prosperity,
like ¦ the rains of : heaven which 'freshen , and
beautify the ornamental lawn and. at the same
time make productive . the ¦• farm and, garden,
should be distributed among all the people in
every station of life, and they will challenge
the claim of a party which boasts of a p-.oa
perity it has wrought . which * gives to Mts
pampered . favorites added opportunities . to' In
crease their • riches, ; while , the .' poor :- or ' those
who ; toil, wait, like Lasarus, to be fed from
the crumbs which fall from the rich man's
iniiin i Al'Piou'wiiiiisnyiiiisiaitjiMiijViBrbii'jL
My attachment to. the party which won my
early allegiance has been Intensified with
passing years, because I have found in .the
principles from which 'the genuine Democ
racy h&a derived its life* and vigor safe guid
ance and constant inspiration when, aa a pub-
He aervant, I owed to my fellow countrymen
patriotic eff ortu | and ¦ unsparing devotion to
the people's trust. But the principles and
best traits of the Democratic party reach their
highest importance and value at such a time
as this, wben our people are tempted by glit
tering delusions, and when they are ottered
the kingdoms of the world if they will but
throw themselves down and worship the god
of mammon. I bt- lieve we have fallen upon
days when, more than e\er, the enforcement'
of Democratic doctrine and the acceptation of
Democratic conservatism and steadiness are
needed If our national greatness and the well
being of our people are to . be put beyond
jeopardy. . '
It is not for me to discuss upon this occa
sion the Democratic creed or to deal at length
with the Issues involved In the present cam
paign. We are here to listen to one ' who
stands in the front rank of those who ex
pound the Democratic party faith.
HUMILIATIONS OF CAMPAIGN.
There are, however. In mr mind to-night
some aspects and incidents of this campaign
which srem to me ao startling and so humil
iating that they should arrest the attention
of every thoughtful citizen and arouse the
anxloua solicitude of every patriotic American.
In a country like ours, where parties contest
for the direction of the Government, we must
of course expect psrty advocacy and honor
able personal ambitions tor political honors;
but who among those indulging In the farthest
retrospect of political campaigns can retail one
in which the advantages of the. present party
control have been ao palpably and unblush
tngly uaed for its perpetuation or in which
the functions telonglr.gr to the entire American
people have been more insolently . forced to
do partisan service? When before has It been
so distinctly claimed that all the virtues, all
the. patriotism and all the governing ability
of our citizenship are found among the mem
ber* of one political party; and when before
have those of our citizens not among the
chosen been eo boldly considered as aliens
In their own land, who should be cast into
outer political darkness as unworthy to be
Intrusted with the power and responsibility
of a government established by the people and
for the people T When in all our history has
a party so presumptuously as now claimed- to
be the donors of the gifts of the gods or
wben has one so persistently plumed itself upon
the 'creation of all the prosperity that ' has
fallen to our country's lot? .
It would be strange if I did not recall at
this moment with deep senslbilty the days In
the past and the previous support of tbe busi
ness men cf New York, and If I did net re
member In these surroundings the sustaining
power of their approval and confidence amid
the perpjexlng labors of high official duty.
You will not, I know, accuse me of self-con
celt if I assume that I am with those to-night
who demand of me no explanation or apology
for the manner In which I have served either
my party or the business interests of my coun
try, and who will neither discredit nor dis
trust me when I avow my int«mse anixety for
the suscess in the pending political campaign
for the principles and nominees of the reunited
Democracy.
There are at least two reasons why I am
gratified by the opportunity to participate in
thla occasion. It permits me to breathe the
pleasant atmosphere of resolute and h«rmo
nious Democracy, and, in addition, It allows
me to meet face to face in euch an atmosphere
too** who largely represent the business in
terest* of the city of New York and who, be
sides, are patriotic enough to recognise the
obligation they owe to their country, as well
as to their business.
chief the enthusiastic outburst. Mrs.
Claveland and former Secretary of
War Daniel S. Lamont arrived while
the demonstration was at Its height
and were escorted to a box.
At the conclusion of his, speech
Cleveland introduced Carlisle, who de
livered an address, which he conclud
ed with a eulogy of Alton B. Parker.
Cleveland's speech in full was as
follows:
We asserted that, only seven years ago and
under a Democratic ' President the > total ex- '
penses of this Government were, less than
three . hundred ¦ and -slxty-slx : mil
millions . of dollars - and . we charged
that In tbe last fiscal year the '-ex
penditures were over five hundred and eighty*
two million dollars. Those figures have not
been denUd and they cannot be. Deducting
from the latter amount the sum paid by this
Government for the Panama canal and I the
Panama canal rights, we still : have five hun
dred and thirty-two millions of dollar*. After
- The expenditures of the' Government, says
the administration, have been managed in a
spirit' of economy as far removed from' waste
as from niggardliness. That expenditures have
been free from niggardliness cannot. I think,
be successfully denied, hence It should be and
is frankly admitted.
' With the claim , that the expenditures have
been managed In a spirit of economy we must
take issue. The facts presented in support ot
the charge of extravagance have not been an
swered. ¦¦¦• , . '
It had been the intention of the or
ganizers of the trip to have two special
trains of sixteen coaches each and a
party of 2000 persons. The trains were
to leave Jersey City at 10 o'clock and
arrive at Esopus at noon. At 10 o'clock
rain was falling In sheets at Jersey
City, and few . Democrats had arrived
at the trains. An hour, later a delega
«£,*#^fljtf t^n* coaches had
arrived and, unmindful/of.- the deluge,
determined to pay the, visit to the can
didate, despite the certainty of a-mud
bath at the Esopus end of l their-Jour
ney. ':>': '¦-¦'¦' ¦¦ ¦ 2* "'.: ¦.*."¦';'¦ ""'":
Reaching Judge Parker's house the
delegation surrounded the veranda.
Though the rainfall had ceased,' the
trees were dripping and umbrellas had
to be raised. When .Judge Parker
stepped from the house he was greeted
by cheers and handclapplng. ' :
He spoke as follows: •;.'.
ESOPUS, N. Y., Oct. 21.— Judge
Parker to-day addressed a, delegation
from Hudson County, New Jersey, on
the subject of administration extrava
gance, answering a speech made by
Secretary of War Tart, in which the
Secretary called upon the Democrats
to give a bill of particulars In connec
tion with, their charge that economy in
Government affairs had been forgotten
in the years the Republicans have
been in control of national affairs.
Judge Parker quoted a few totals
from official reports, which, he assert
ed, not only raised the presumption of
extravagance, but proved' it. A bill of
particulars will* be given, he said,
when a Democratic administration gets
a chance at the books.
From midnight until after noon to
day rain fell in torrents. Streams
overflowed, the roads were converted
Into brooks and made nearly impassa
ble for pedestrians. • Nevertheless, the
New Jersey delegations formed a pro
ceesion at the Esopus station of the
West Shore Railroad - and marched to
Rosemount.
But the President has not the power to de
clare a policy equivalent to a threat of armed
intervention whenever he shall decide the cir
cumstances Justify |t. An attempt to exercise
such a power would constitute a usurpation
prohibited by the Constitution of the United
States. Hence it . is safe to assume that not
withstanding the letter to Secretary Root,
which was read at : the ¦ Cuban anniversary
dinner, no administration will dare to j at
tempt to "establish a. universal | protectorate
over American States :or to become responsi
ble for their misdeeds."
Mr. Olney admirably stated the purpose, of
the Monroe doctrine - In his address : at Har-
ARMED INTERVENTION.
. The inquiry is further made by the adminis
tration whether we would dare to reduce the
cost of the army. We answer i that most as
suredly, we would, and we ask the people to
decide between the administration and the
Democratic contention on that point. In the
year 1897 the War Department c6st less than
forty-nine millions of dollars, which was about
tho average cost per year for the- preceding
twenty-six years. This last year, a : year of
peace, the cost of the army was one hundred
and fifteen million dollars. One of the ques
tions we now ask the people is "what is the
use of spending more than double on the army
now than we deemed wise to spend previous
to the Spanish war?"
A large standing army was unnecessary then,
so our statesmen thought, and the result
proved. It Is alike | unnecessary now unless
militarism Is to become a part of our policy.
If we are to ' play the roll of the "big police
man 1 ' in the South 'American states, requiring
each to act according * to some administration
conception "ot decency in industrial . and po
litical matters,", and further require , It to
'.'keep order and. pay its obligations" according
to. the standard which may be set by each suc
ceeding, administration, 1 and if, In addition, 'the
administration may ' at * pleasure see to it ¦ that
the, states "'govern - themselves': well and be
prosperous and orderly,"". according to the cri
terion-which may' be set by-' each administra
tion, then we should readily admit that we
should 'have an army coating' one hundred and
fifteen' millions of dollars a year. .
We should further frankly concede that ' the
chances are that an attempt to execute such a
policy will require a much larger army, than
we have now and much greater expenditure of
money than one hundred and fifteen millions of
dollars a year. But the people have not as
yet . approved the administration's policy In
dealing with the South American states. They
have not yet said by their votes that they are
In favor of conferring upon the President the
power to interfere with the internal affairs of
a South American state at pleasure; to investi
gate their form of government; to see whether
or not ha is satisfied with it, and in the event
that \ he is not to summarily decree auch pun
ishment as In his Judgment the circumstances
warrant. •¦ ./¦ ¦ -..-"¦ < ¦, :¦;.
, COST OF THE ARMY.
We answer, certainly not and we further
assert that the Inference suggested by the
question > Is not ingenious. The amount paid
out in pensions has been decreasing every year
since 1808. • But for the unwarranted or
der No. ¦ 78. which was fully considered In my
letter of acceptance, the amount - paid . for
pensions In the seventh preceding year would
have exceeded the: amount paid last year. As
it was, the ¦ difference was only one and one
half millions of dollars. It Is therefore neces.
sary for the administration to look. in other
directions than the disbursements for pensions
for the justification in excess of expenditures
in last ' year over that of seven years - ago of
over. one hundred and sixty-six millions ot dol
lars.
making that deduction we find that It coat
about one hundred and sixty millions of dollars
more to run the Government last year than It
did | seven years j ago. The statement on its
face | raises the presumption i of extravagance
and waste, a presumption which requires evi
dence to overcome.
•• None has been presented. By way of indi
rect answer to the . Democratic charge of ex
travagance the Inquiry has been' put by the
administration whetbet we propose to cut/ off
the pensions.
One of the official family of the administra
tion asks that we support our charge of ex
travagance by specifications. The figures given
above will fully answer that purpose. They
SPECIFICATIONS WANTED.
Now what has 'happened? So tremendously
have our expenditures under that head grown
during the last seven years that the. last fiscal
year they amounted to one hundred and eighty
six million dollars. More than double the ex
penditures ot. 1897. We deduct the extraor
dinary expenditure for the Panama canal and
rights amounting to fifty million dollars, and
w e still find the expenditures under that head
to be forty-six millions of dollars . greater than
they were seven years ago, an increase of
more than 50 per cent.
I have on another occasion referred .. to the
waste of money in the Philippines, putting the
cost to us at six hundred and fifty million
dollars. In addition to the twenty million dol
lars paid to Spain for the opportunity of taking
its place in wasting lives and money on the
Philippines, asserting - not a dollar of it will
ever come back to us. The answers so far '
have betrayed a desire to deatroy the effect
the statement should have. To that end an
issue Is attempted to be made as to the
amount expended. •
The defenders of this policy of waste say
that I put the figures too high. An examina
tion of the speeches of Senators and Repre
sentatives In Congress recently .made. Includ
ing that of Senator Hoa r in the Senate of the
United States, May 22. 1302. will show that my
statement of cost was an underestimate, as it
was Intended to be. ' HWltjr fiTtfVfWWM
Edward Atkinson, whose fame as a statis
tician Is secure In the confidence of his coun
trymen. In* a letter to the New. York Time* of?
October* 20. 1 1904," estimates the cost to us at
two - hundred . millions of dollars. . His " letter
should be read. by every voter. The vast sums
expended come out of the pockets of our tax
payers. Not a dollar of It will be returned to
them, and it Is for th*m to determine whether
they are willing to have their money ex
pended In .Mjpport of such a policy. If they
are. then otner Islands and other countries may
be added to our possessions .until their ¦ cost
of maintenance compels every worker In this
country to support . a soldier and his family
as well as himself and his own.
GROWTH OF EXPENDITURES.
vard College March 2. 1888: . "The vital fea
ture of the Monroe doctrine is ; that no Eu
ropean power shall forcibly posssss itself of
American soil : and forcibly, control the ' poli
tical fortunes and destines of its people."
That ' is the ' national position and it will
be maintained. But how South American
states shall behave toward each other, or
whether they- shall govern themselves well or
be • prosperous, is ; not part of the Monroe doc
trine. Until the people ahs.ll amend the Con
stitution | so as i to • permit the ¦ execution ot
the remarkable policy suggested by the let
ter of Secretary Root, it is perfectly safe to
say that we shall have no more, need for a
larger army than we formerly bad. I In the
conduct of the War Department alone there
can be saved to the people many millions a
year, which the administrator! not only dees
not propose to save, but is frank enough to
say it. Take another illustration which I re
cite as -furnishing strong presumptive evidence
of extravagance. Seven years ago under
Democratic administration the civil and mis
cellaneous expenses of the Government amount*
ed to ninety millions of dollars for the year.
During all the history • of this country the
expenditures of this character ' had been grad
ually mounting up as the country Increased in
population, until finally it had reached the
sum of ninety millions.' -
A class of men has multiplied vastly of late,
so vastly that they may be found everywhere
throughout th« length and breadth of the land,
trying to get Something for nothing that some
thing to come out of the public treasury, thus
creating a burden that Is felt more and more
every ' year by taxpayers, who can only rely
for protection upon the earnest watchfulness
and rugged honesty . of those charged - with
the duty of administration.
not only raise the presumption of extravagance,
but they prove it. A further bill of partlcu- .
lars will be furnished as toon as a Democratic
administration 'baa had a chance to examine
the book*. The result of this extraordinary in.
create In our expenditures has been to create
a deficiency -In the annual receipts. In other
words, it is costing' more money now to run the
Government than wa are taking In. In the
last ' fiscal year the revenues fell short over
forty millions of dollars. In the first sixty day*
of this fiscal year the expenditures exceeded I
the receipts by twenty-tour millions of doj- j
lars. How much more we - have run behind
since we are not. able to state owing to the
recent administrative orders forbidding Gov
ernment officers from making public any state*
ment of estimates on which future appro
priations are based. It Is safe to assume from
the making of the orders that there has been
no improvement, other-wise the public would
not be dealed all Information pending the cam
paign. ' '*
Now this . deficiency in - receipts presents a
serious situation. Either the expanses must be
cut down — and the present administration says
in effect that It does not propose to do it —
or we must provide some other method of
raising the needed money. Cither bonds must
be Issued for that purpose, or we must levy
Other taxed. Such taxes were raised under the
war revenue law of 1895, entitled "An act to
provide ways and means to meet war ex*
pen.il tn res and for other purposes," an in
convenient and Irritating method of providing
revenue which in its operation both annoyed
and burdened every class of people.
We do not charge that money is deliberately
thrown away or that It is turned over to all
who make some shadow of claim for it without
Question In;, but rather that the evidence points
unmistakably to lack of effort to hold In
check those wboae business it Is to provide
ways and means to profit by Government ex*
pen--. In Other words, economy in th* ex
penditure of the money Is no longer the object
of the administration. Saving of millions of
the people's money a year seems unattractive.
It require* not only bard work to discover the
leaks, but it requires moral courage as well aa
hard work to stop them. Every business man
knows that he must be on guard if he would
prevent the expenses of bis business from i
eating up both profits and principal. ¦
GOVERNMENT EXPENDITURES.
Experience teaches every individual that real j
effort is required to keep expenses within limits.
The rule is the same as to the Government
expenditures, but It is not always heeded. In
deed, of late, it seems to have been seldom
fe-eded. The politician who said: "What is
the ' constitution between friends?" stated the j
view entertained by many, a view that Is :
growing among those who want something '
from the Government. It affects communities
as well as Individuals. It Is evidenced by
multitudinous - schemes to ¦ secure . govern
mental expenditures In certain localities. Each
not only seeks what- it needs, but what it
calls Its share. . Illustrations abound on every
hand which show that the teachings ;of recent
years. -that it is a legitimate function of Gov- j
eminent to help Individuals, is having a dls- \
astrous effect upon political morals. It stlmu- ;
lates the Ingenuity of Individuals tn every lo- j
cality to devise .ways and means to secure his
part. It all tends to the creation and support ;
of the grafter. ,
G ROVER CLEVELAND, former President of the
United States, last night in New York made his . first
appearance in twelve years on a political platform, and
xvas accorded a most enthusiastic reception. In a lengthy and
deliberately delivered speech he poured cold water on the
claims of the administration and criticized what he called "the
arrogance of the party in power. He gave the Republicans
credit for safeguarding the soundness of the nation's cur
rency, but declared that no one party could claim to be the pro
tectors and defenders of America's financial integrity. At the
conclusion of the meeting Cleveland was fairly mobbed on the
platform by people desirous of shaking his hand, and the as
sistance of the police was necessarv to dear a way for his pas
sage from the hall.
ALTON B. PARKER, in a speech delivered yesterday at
Esopus before a' delegation ,from New Jersey, undertook
to rq)iy to Secretary of War Taf t, who, in a recent
speech, called upon the Democ rats for figures to prove Demo
cratic assertions of administration extravagance. The Demo
cratic nominee quoted figures which, he declared, proved the
absence of economy, but expressed inability to furnish the
"bill of particulars" requested by the former Governor of the
Philippines until a Democratic administration gets a chance at
the books. Heavy rain marred the cbmfort of the Judge's
visitors, but ten coach loads of New Jersey Democrats braved
the deluge, waded • through the thick » mud that blanketed the
rural roads of Esopus, and, uuder dripping umbrellas, listened
to the words of their leader.
and a boy named George Helgesson
went to play In a cave in the side of
a gravel quarry at the intersection of
Clipper and Douglas streets. The bank
caved upon them; burying * Helgesson
to the knees. Weaver to the waist and
Foley altogether- . Helgesson pulled
himself out and helped out Baby Wea
ver." Then the two, with th» toy.shov
els with which they had 'been playing,
tried to dig the sand'from Willie Foley
and save, his life.' Such was little Mel
vin's story.
The young witness, hardly old enough
to know the meaning of the . word
death, told what he knew with remark
able clearness. A child . that turns hero
as Melvin Weaver. did, 'rather than cry
and run to' its mother,' Is the type that
is not afraid of a Coroner's jury. When
little Melvin's prattling narrative end
ed the jury brought In a verdict of
death by accident.
.One of the most remarkable Inquests
ever helcTin San Francisco was that
over six-year-old "Willie Foley yester-
day. The unfortunate boy was killed
by the caving In of a gravel bank on
September 23.
'The star, witness before Coroner In
land was a bright little cherub who
was born in 1900. .A large number of
auditors heard the babe tell of the
tragedy. Too young and innocent to
dissemble, yet brave enough to facvj
an audience . and tell the truth, little
Melvin proved a wonderful witness.
White headed and chubby, the infant
hero toddled to the witness stand , as
If it were a baby chair. Then he lisped
the story of his comrade's death at
play, told how the child was .buried
under a, slide of gravel.
It was on September 23 that he*Foley
Democratic Nominee Speaks
to New Jersey Delegation
Republican Extravagance Is His Theme
REPLIES TO T A FT
Four -Year- Old Cherub Explains
Traaedu to tile Coroner;
BABY WITNESS TELLS
OF PLAYMATE'S DEATH
CLEVELAND Given Great Ovation at Carnegie Hall Cost of Army Criticized by Candidate PARKER
THE SAN^ FRANGISCO CALJ., S ATURE)AY, OCTOBER 22. 1904
Audience Throngs Big Auditorium
Sage of Princeton Charges Republican
Party With Hypocrisy and
Trust- Foster ing.
THOUSANDS CHEER
FORMER PRESIDENT
4
I Dinner Sets
K The largest and most complete as- /7\s^*~*~~~\r : & -jrtpjpN^
ll sortment of Dinner. Sets, affording ff (' J & J&&&S.
gf many opportunities for securing Vv\* «.••*" JY JwHEKxWk.
f| ' handsome table ware in sets or sin- i^tIs** i; vLj^r^7A^l
H gle pieces, from the noted German,-
H French and. English manufacturers. V^^^VVaFV/Srt'I
K An exhibit of all the best makes of Hiph- \7/m^^
\k Grade Semi-Porcelain, consistinc of flow
ra LIMOGES CHINA SET— Complete for 12 people. TEilill
m decorated in oink or blue floral design, rt» f» f\f\
H gold traced handles %^aW«^«xlVJ
© We have other sets at a smaller price, but equally Hffl\]
I I _ lZZ-i32> SUTTERST. .N'
H9 C5 Qj y&L >A Jk3 %8L je?i H yfH Jlffi^^Kl fn j EB
iand daily excursions in Pullman tourist
leeping cars without change from Los^eS^
jngelesjf Santa Monterey, San
ranciscoi Bak^rsfield,iFresnp^ Lathrop, gS
olqkfoni- Sacramento" and otHer Calif ornia ||
ints yia the SonutHern Pacific J Union Pacific- B I
i^Ghicago & -A^estern;: Railways ¦¦
ad - tlie E^tiv5lFisi>.trainst^ -Excellently
service. Dining car service a SLCSLT^ e -MM
Choice of routes. Low round-trip. rates.^Ks^
k Double berth to Chicago ohlv $7-:00:i^^
A»k 3e'iti»rn H«iSe«ticiet tg»aufcr ftilliafcnaitMn.' _|<|(^^W8*y8a^
J R. R. RITCHIE. Gsneral Agent Pacific Coast, J%? j *J tAfMTW
fMp*z??r%WY\ c •* N •• w • R^• 617Mtrk * t * st • Pa!ae • Hot9 '^a^ >^4^I^^A
DOAN'S PIL.LB.
STORIES OF_THE STREET
San Francisco People Are Taltini
: About It on Every Comer.
It is sometimes an easy matter to
fool the public, but you can't keep it
up very long. They are sure to find
.you out, and every time a man is
fooled another skeptic is made.
Skepticism is allowable when read-
ing in a home newspaper about some
incident occurring in Maine or Iowa,
but the circumstances are entirely
different when it refers to some one
right here at home, friends and
neighbors, people you know, whom
you can sec and with whom you can
talk it over. This is the kind of evi-
dence at the back of Doan's Kidney,
Pills — home statements by home
people? and the astonishing local
work they have been doing has caused
more talk amoqg . our citizens , than
the doings of any other modern
wonder. Read the following:
W. P. Canty, employed in a fruit
cannery, residence 318 Minna street,
says: "I have gont out of mv way
•to induce friends and acquaintances
whom I knew suffered from back-
ache or kidney complaint to use
Doan's Kidney, Pills. In fact, l.have
never lost an opportunity to indorse
them very forcibly. I have good
reasons for so doing. I knew that
my kidneys were either excited or
weakened. I knew I required some
medicine^ to soothen, purify and wash
them, and I selected Doan's Kid-
ney Pills. They did the work thor-
oughly, quietly and quickly."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y.,
sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute. ' ."
CANKER. SORES .
Obstinate cases of Cancrom Orls hava
been relieved after three or. four applied
lions q*
SOZODCNT
A complete euro has been effected within a
wock frcm three applications a day. It is a
wonderful dentifrice. Nothing to equal it.
: IT CLEANSES. HEALS, PRESERVES.
" # fOR^t LIQUED, POWDER,' PASTE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ ' : * . '".' m — i PositivelT cured bf
AADhTTDv * hese Ijittlc Pills *
-¦gw* trcsa Irom Dyspepsia. In-
iB^^I ITTLE (Upestlon aad Too Il3art7
8 1/ ITD Eatlrg 1 . A perfect rcia-
1^ SVbn ecJjforDlzzIness. Nausea.
P% PILLS Drowsiness, Bad Taata
$&l__F$l ' to the 3!otztH. Coated
|^^gj^^^ Tonsrue, Pain ta the Side.
Vimn gwfigm I tot? ptti uvtoj. Tliey
regulatetbe Bowels.' Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMAU DOSE, i SHALL PRICL
[piDTCDgi CURE SICK tlEADACHU.
•SIittie Genuine Must Bear
m I VER Fac-Simile Signature
H PILLS. yp -r^*-
Looking for His
Collar Button
"When h« Is In a hurry Isn't any mor*
j annoying: than to find the buttonholes of
your collar or cuffs broken or your linen
unfit to wear from Improper handling.
with uw edge collars, etc Bring; your
linen to a reliable laundry, where It is
carefully handled and where a color and
finish that will delight you Is put on It.
as It always Is at the United State.
Laundry. _____
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
1004 M1SZ£T STBSST.
Taltphone South 430.
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRAhJTED
j&g$^&Jl MEHANDWO?W£?J.
•7^^^nCCS£V*»u[ Cis Big a for cnnatcnvl
_re3ar ta * *° 5 **JmS| <JUchar?s*.lnfl*aimaUont.
£&£/ OuraaUnl »j Irritations or ulcerntlons
tfc* fc Jf ¦«• «• •«n««T«. ™ of muoons Enimbniiai.
K* 1 TrvnmUC»miMt*m*. Puia'.eu, and not »itrltt«
yriairrfEtmilCHtMlCAlCO. g«nt or poiMaom.
%5S^CI)tOS!UTl,0.g»3B| Bold by DnunliU
US. A. 5|S| or lent In plain wrapper.
j VV*ftTK> df^nri b^ •zpre*«, prspuld, tor
VW. r ii9S^Kvni •• °°- or 3 battles ti.li
M Circuit tact on twiowt.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIA.VA BITTER3. THE
Great Max lean Remedy; glv«» health and
! strength ta saxnal orsans. Depot. 3^3 Market.
I ' ' OCEAN TRAVEL.
~~ ?N. '¦• Steamers letv* Broadway
? /v>^~^8*V w l j arve« (piers 9 and U>,
/txL. 8*n Francisco:
/**/?«%asta| \*« For KetchlVan, Wrany^l,
I / XIK* S I I Juneau, Treadwell*, Haines,
1 \ \V«Mfe^ / j Skagway. ate. Alaska— U
NA^'VP^JW/ *• m - O** 01^* 1 «- 22- 2 *.
V3kvJ*^>X)x fov - *• Change to tal> coin-
pany'u ateameri at Seattla.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett^
South Bellloft-ham. BelUnRham — 11 a. m., Oct.
1 It, 17 22. 27. Nov. 1. Change at Seattl* ta
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ky.; at SeatUe or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: "at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
r. m.. October 13. 19. 25, 31. Nov. <L Corona.
:30 p. m., October 4, 10. 18. 22. 28» Nov. 3.
For Los Anselta < v 'a Port Los Angeles and
Redondo) Ban Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon- '
terey, San Simeon. Cayucoay Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Huenem*.
Bonita. ft a. m.." October 14. 22. 30. Nov. T.
Coos Bar. 9 a. m., October 10, IS. 24. Nov. i.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo, Masatlaa. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia, Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo. )
For further 'Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to chang* steamers or sailing date*.
-jlfjXET O1T1CZS— 4 New. Mont grom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st..and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Ofllee 10 Market st.
C D. DXjSAVS. General Passenger Agsat.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Batter st. win
call for and cheek baggage from hot»l» an4 >
residences. Telephone Exchange O. • , ¦
AanraiCAS jjjts. . :
. Plymouth — Cher Sonrr — South*nur*aa-
i From New York. Saturday. 9:30 a. m.
Bt Paul.'..:...*;Oct.-29f»nntand.Nov.l2. 10 am
Philadelphia ...Nov. SlNew Tork Nc^r. »
•Cnllinsf at Dover for London andi Paris.
ATLANTIC TBANSPOXT UC3T3J.
If aw York — London Dlract.
Mesoba.Oct. 29. 10 amlMlnneap.Nov. IX » aw
Mnn'h.Nov. 3. 3:30 pm! Mnmnea.Vov. IS. • am
DOMIWIO2T XJOTS. ...
Montreal— Liverpool — Short sea passago.
PominloJT-......Oct. 20!Vancouver .....No-. 5
Canada Z^. ;'.;.. Xar. 13
BSZ> STAB UOTE.
r Haw Tork — Antwsrp — London— Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Parts.
From New Tork. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m.
Kroonland Oct. 29 1 Finland Nov. tt
Zeeland Nov. 5- Vaderland .... Nor. 19
WHITS STAX XJ3TE.
Saw Tork — Qneenstown — XitrcrpooL
•r . Balling ; Wednesdays.
Celtle Oct.* 28 1 a.m.|Oceanlo..No- > . VS* noon
Baltic. .;. Nov. 2. •noon|MaJestlc.Norr. 23, 10 am
Cedrlc.Nov. 9, 10 am'Battlc..Nov. 30^ U am
Boston — Qn*«n«town — **^ r^_°'[- ,_
Cymric. v: ...:r.. ..-. ..... .% • . . • . . .Novembe- it
KUW TOW AITS BOSTOIT 9XSZCT
To th» Kadltcrranaan. . '
via A*or«s. Oloraltar. Wanlss. O«noa. -
¦ rROM NEW TORK.
r-RTTTlC ...Nov. 3. V>kc. 12. Feb. 4. < March IS
REPUBLIC..... '..I., Dec." 1. Jan. 14. Fob. 23
****¦ TROM BOSTON. '
ROMANIC. .Oct. 29, Dec. .10. Jan. 28. Mar. 11
rANOPTC "TT. .:.... Nov.. 1». Jan. 7, Feb. 1«
CD T<TLOR.'P*»»«n*e r Agent Pacinc Coast.
' * ¦ 21 Post ' st.'.' San Ftanclaeo.
V vv«iliv<JsiV»^v» 0|R((3 van WM|)IIW
o a ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Oct. 29. 11 a.ra.
r a "IKRRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Nor. 10. 2 p. m.
s &, MAR1POSA» for.TahltVNov. 25, 11 a. m.
J D.SPlICJLEL3k BS03. GO., A2tS.,TiCt!t 0UCJ543 ftr-. .
tCL FR125t C21C8 329 Martlt-SL, PlBI 7, PaclUs 1L
V C0MPAQ5IS 6ES2BAI.E TaA53AT£.i^TU J3
DIRECT L1NB TO HAVRK- PARIS >^ a -T'
falling every Thursday instead ot •AKn
Saturday, at 19 a. m..' from Pier 4X f rz V^V
North River, foot of Morton at" rlnT|PflHffl_
rtrat class to Havre, §74 and upward. 8<»a-
and cU» to* Havre. $ W and upward. • OSN-
ERAL AQKNCT FOR VNITKO aTATKS ANtt ,
CANADA. 32 Broadway . (Hudson > bvlldtag>.
Ner Tork. J/ F. FUGAZI A CO.. Paclfio Coa«c
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Frandsco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta
TO U.S. NAVY YARDAMD VALLEJO
.Leaves S. F., Ci»7 st.. N end of Ferry bldj.
'dally, 9:30 a. at., 3 and *S p. m. Sunday*.
9:30 a, nv. 8 p. m.. leave Vallsjo dally 14 :*»
a. m;.- 12:20 and 8:30 p. ra. Sundays i p. as.
Far* 29e.. P. A. O. Co. Fbona Mata ftU.
•aaturdays axcepted. ..• ¦ , '• .,, _
Tor XT. S. Vary Tard and Vallejo.
: Stxs. General Friable. Monticello and Arrow.
B:i5 a.m., 12:80 p.m., 3:15 p.m.. « p.m., i:3O y.
ta Leave 'San Francisco Sunday, a:* J a-m..
12:30 p.m.. « p.m. v 8:3b »m. Leave Vallejot f
a.m.. 0 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 n.m. 4un-
daya, T a.m.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 pm.. I p.nu Pier -2.
: tu Mlaaion au: phone Main 160*. HATCH BSO0 '.'•.The next : sanitary, 'conference ., will ,
be held at .the . offices of the San Fran- {
cisco " Board i of ; Health on • the rnorh- «
ing of October 29. The programme f
for -. the" meeting-.will " be I as 5 follows: '
"Sanitary"; Legislatlori,*!:^ by >W. |I. : Fo
ley;;' "Preventionl of . Typhoid';; Fever,*'
byjDr.- G. -Relnhart;' '.'TraveliObserva-
Uons,'* 1 - by; Dr^R.":i*^ ( Wilbur;^rState?
Hospital, Sanitation," r by; Dr.. Kelly of
"Aghewa ; ;. ''Flies "as^Carriers ' t of ' Con
tagion," by Dr. G.:H.yAikeh;f*fMedi- '.
cal{ Inspection "of Schools,"- by .-Dr.; E. ;
von Adelung; and ' "Milk.V by; Dr. D.
The 'California Board of Health re- \
ports' that .there was a mortality : of ',
1266 in the State ; during i September..
The" general, death" rate was : 1:194 /a \
thousand: ' In institutions it*:was"4;l8;|
a thousand: .' ; I
Tells State Death . Rate.
The act further provides that a,vio- \
lation of . the 'provisions of the act shall
be a 'misdemeanor and .shall disqualify \
the :f candidate ; violating, the ; same '
from holding ¦ the office to which he
may be elected. j
Reminds Candidates for the legisla
ture of the Act Prohibiting; Such'
Compacts...
The Citizens' Alliance is sending out
reminders to all candidates for the
Legislature that ante-eiection pledges
are unlawful and auoting.the follow r
Ing act. of the Legislature, approved
March 2, 1897 (Statutes 1897, page
53): _, ; : , - -
"It shall be unlawful for any s can- '
didate for . the - Legislature • :• •'
to sign or. give any. pledge that he will
vote for or against any particular bill ;
or . specific ' measure that may be !
brought t before any such legislative !•
body." _ . . ,. j
Humane Society Meets.
At the . regular, monthly meeting of
the Humane Society, held yesterday.
PETITIONS IX INSOL.VEXCT.— Creditor* of
Isaac Cohn and ' Harry Cohn, comprising the
firm of I Cchn A Son, dealers in dress gooda
and . tailors' trlmmicca at Sacramento, filed a
petition In tbe United States District Court
yesterday asking that that firm be declared In
solvent; th* petitioners allege that the firm
owes more than I1C00. David H. rUlrdea. a
farmer of La Grange, filed a petition in in
voluntary Insolvency; he owes $2997 and " has
$770 -useta.
Passes Away at Ripe Age.
WOODLAND, Oct. 21 —Peter Krellen
berg, a pioneer furniture dealer, died
in this city this evening." He had at
tained the age of 76 years.
CITIZENS' ALLIANCE ;ON .
ANTE-ELECTION PLEDGES
Search out all impurities and expel
them from the. system through the nat
ural channels by using Lash's Bitters. •
Secretary Holbrook reported that SOS
animals had been treated by the or
ganization's officers during the month
of September. The arrests numbered
24 and the convictions 17. Officer Mc-
Currie of the ijociety 'arrested J. Doo
ley yesterday for driving a crippled
horse. The suffering animal was
placed in a stable and the man taken
to jail.
The Robinson mine . In Plumas
County, near Letter Box, will resume
work.
The South . Fork mine near . Forest
City~ will be reopened. It is a gravel
property that has been closed several
years.
A bond on the Advance mine on Rus
sian Creek, : Siskiyou County, has been
taken ud by. A. C. Brokaw and others.
The consideration is reported to be
$70,000. " ; ,
Northwest Territory. In Canada . make an < Im
mense region, a very large proportion of whlci:,
as is already known, is' mineralized, having-
Roll and copper deposits of large area, petro
leum and "other minerals. The United States
Geological Survey has done much to bring
these things to light, and predictions are rife
that the Seward Peninsula, of Alaska proper,
will within a few years be the scene of quartz
mining operations on a large scale. - - -
A man may be as honest as the. day
is long and still have a bad record at
night.
Only four more sale dates for cheap ticket*
to tbe Fair— Oct.' - l&th. * 20th. 29th «nd- 27tb.
For particulars relative to maklnc trip over
N«*rthern Pacific • Railway, see T. K. Stateler,
General Agent. 647 Market St.. S. F. •
Last Chance to See World's Fair.
.;- A- 1 telegram received last evening
from Reno, New, announced the
death there yesterday morning of
John Bayle, a wealthy San Francisco
shipper and -packer and formerly
president of th» French Hospital in
this city.
Mr. Bayle, who was a native of
France, came to San Francisco about
forty years ago, when he was 23
years old. He engaged in the butch
ering business, succeeded greatly and
at the time of his death was president
of Bayle. La Coste & Co., butchers
and meat packers, and of the Callfor
! nia Fertilizing Works. His firm con
trolled a number of large city mar
kets. He leaves a fortune said to
amount to nearly $1,000,000. His res- !
idence was at 1332 Fifth avenue
south. Three daughters survive him,
Mrs. Charles Artigues, Mrs. L. La
caze and Miss Catherine Bayle; also"
a sister, Mrs. Jacques B. Areilles. All
these live' in San Francisco. •
Mr. Bayle has always been active in
Republican politics and has taken a
great interest in municipal affairs. He j
was ¦ also a . member of California i
Commandery No. 1, Knights Templar,
and of the Druids, Odd Fellows and
several j French societies. .
The cause of his death was asthma,
from, which he . .was . a sufferer for
many years. He had gone to Reno
on October 4 in the hope that the
mountain air might give him relief.
Relatives left the city last evening
for Reno, where they will take charge
of the remains,, which will be brought
home for interment.
Kx-President of French Hospital
Vainly Seeks Relief From Asthma.
JOHN BAYL.E DIES AT RENO.
New York, where he was advised last
evening of his father's death. The fun
eral will take place Sunday, from the
Congregational Church under the aus
pices of the Exempt Firemen, the So
ciety of California Pioneers and Paci
fic Lodge, F. and A. M., 1 of which the
deceased was a member.
PIONEER AND CAPITALIST OF
THIS CITY WHO DROPPED
DEAD ON THE STREET.
George H. Hallctt, a pioneer of Cali
fornia and widely known In this city,
•where he had resided since the early
days, died suddenly yesterday. While
standing on Pine street talking with a
friend, shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, he suddenly pitched forward
and fell unconscious on the sidewalk.
Chief Surgeon John I. Stephen of the
Emergency Hospital, who happened to
be passing, rushed to the unfortunate
man's assistance, but a hurried exam
ination satisfied the surgeon that Hal
lett was dead. An ambulance removed
the body to the Ilorgue and from there
it was taken to an undertaking estab
lishment. His death is attributed to
heart disease. "..».'
Hallett left the Palace Hotel, where
he and his wife had resided ever since
the hotel was opened twenty-five years
ago, early yesterday forenoon, seem
ingly in the best of health. He was a
man of apparently robust physique and
a sudden call from death was the far
thest thought in his own mind yester
day when he sauntered down to Pine
Etreet. He was a native of Boston, 70
year- of age. "and came to San Fran
cisco in 1S13. For many years he took
an active part In the politics of the
city. He belonged to the volunteer fire
department. With the late Pliny Bart
letfc and several other associates Hal
lett founded the Contra Costa laundry,
of which he was the head for a number
of year?. He retired from active busi
ness lif* several years ago and spent
the greater part of his time about the
Palace Hotel. He is survived by a
•aidow, a son and a brother, W. L. Hal
lett of this city. '
William H. Hallett, the son, is now
tinging -with Dockstader's minstrels in
It is not definitely' known whether
Jensen has succeeded in interesting, any
of the creamery people in his scheme,
but it is known. that he is operating
his new creamery to full. capacity, and
he already controls 15 per cent of the
output in the Ferndale district.
Leading butter men, when interview
ed yesterday, said that while these re
ports were true, there was no Im
mediate cause for alarm. It was not
considered possible to control the out
put of butter in Humboldt County,
where competition has always been
keen, and any attempt in that direction
could be frustrated by a concerted
move on the part of local dealers. ' It
was also said that the firm . which
Jensen represents was engaged in the
manufacture of creamery machinery
and that his main object in operating
a creamery was to demonstrate ¦. the
superiority of the machinery turned out
by that firm.
It is certain, however, that the move
ment is on foot and if the promoters
succeed in forming a combine the local
Interests will suffer. . '.
Efforts are being made to merge the
leading creameries of Humboldt County
into a combine with the object of con
trolling the butter industry of . the
county and the proceedings are being
watched with . much interest by local
butter men, who are handling the pro
duct of the creameries in that section.
The venture is said to have the back-
Ing of the Continental Creamery Com
pany of Topeka, Kansas, one of the
largest concerns of its kind in the
United States.
-A. Jensen, who has recently, estab
lished a creamery In the Ferndale sec
tion • of the county, is said to be the
representative of , the Topeka, firm and
it is known that he has already caused
somewhat of a flurry among the butter
makers by offering to pay the farmers
of the district higher prices for. butter
fat than the long established concerns
were pa^Jng. Mr. Jensen was. in. San
Francisco some time ago and while
here he made no secret of his plans.
His intention was to centralize the
business by establishing a central depot
for the delivery of milk and to operate
creameries only within a certain dis
trict. ...
Local Commission Merchants
Admit Truth ; of Reports;
but Are Not Disturbed
AGENT ON THE GROUND
The total value > of <• the -metallic substances
f Including precious metals) for -1903 was 920,
836.668, which includes gold, silver, J mineral
paint, quicksilver, copper, lead, ' . manganese,
platinum and chrome. The silver , Is given in
commercial value, or; amount received for it
¦ In tbe previous year- the total product was
valued at $35,060,103. so that the increase for
1908 Ms $2,889,835.; - > ¦ *
The mining interests of the State of Cali
fornia arc so diversified, and . the industry Is
extended over so .wide an area, that it is diffi
cult to describe the conditions which exist with-'
out using many pages of printed matter. .
-For this reason it has been considered proper,
in. this pamphlet, to give merely a record of
results, which will show in plain figures what
is being accomplished by the , miners - of the
State. This record shows that some forty-four
mineral substances are being exploited.' the an
nual valuation of which is now 537,759,040 and
lnci easing at the rate of about 12.500.000
yearly, as capital Is invested and more mines
are opened. The older mines, too. having been
well • developed and equipped, .are Increasing
their annual output, and thus also proving
their permanency and' value with depth.
¦ The climatic conditions . are favorable, to
mining operations throughout the State, and
means of transportation have been '• so • Im
proved as to grectly lessen costs of supplies,
etc. There are abundant opportunities for the
sf.f«* and profitable Investment of capital in the
various branches of the Industry, as numerous
claims -which have been 'located ¦ have never
been properly/developed . . or equipped, ' their
owners lacking the necessary means. ••¦¦'» .
: The attentive reader by referring to
the bulletin, which is numbered 35,
will find the amount and value of each
mineral produced by any county, un
der the several county, headings. The
statistics of California mineral produc
tion in 1903 have already, been fully
reviewed in The Call. The : following
supplementary general statements,
taken from the bulletin, are calculat
ed to attract the attention of outsid
ers to the mines of California:
' EPITOME OF MIXING.
As far as number of substances produced In
each of the different counties is concerned, it
may be stated that in 100-". Los Angeles
County shows a production of 16 different sub
stances: San Bernardino, 14; Riverside, 12;
Placer, 11: Kern, Santa Barbara and Shasta,
10. each; Santa Clara and Ventura. 9 each;
Fresno. Monterey,' San 'Diezo;andr San • Luis
Obtspo, S each; Butte, Inyo, Sacramento, Solano
and SonOma, 7 each; Alameda. Madera and Tu
lare, 6 each; Araador. Mono. Napa. Santa Cruz.
Trinity and Tuolumne,5 each; Calaveras.Colusa,
Contra Costa, Nevada, Plumas and Stanislaus,
4 each; Humboldt, -" Marin, Mariposa. Orange.
San Bonito, . San Francisco, San Mateo and
Siiiklyou, ' 3 each; Alpine. El Dorado, Lake,
Lassen, Mendodno, San Joaquln. ' Sierra, Te
hama ani Yuba, 2 each; Del Norte. Kings,
Merced and Yolo. 1 each.
¦; Some of the mining counties of Cali
fornia are wisely, seizing opportunities
to advertise their mineral resources to
the world at large. ;: Nevada County
loses few chances in- this direc-on. At
tention is called this morning to some
general ' statements that are made on
authority ' relating to Plumas and Sis
klyou counties. It wilLbe seen by the
Annual returns of the State Mineralog T
i?t for 1903 that the mineral output of
¦Plumas County in 1903 amounted to
$424^85(4, this including gold,- /copper,
silver and manganese. , Siskiyou Coun
ty produced in 1903,' in gold," silver, and
mineral waters, a value of $663,598.
; The • State Mineralogist does *
many counties, in compact form/ what
is needed by them by sending out a
new bulletin in ' which, their mineral
resources are epitomized. One para
graph in this bulletin, which is devot
ed -.toi a general i view of mines and
minerals of California, shows the va
riety of mineral products that can be
credited .to all of the several counties
of;the State in 1903 as follows: .
¦ -,The :Xos " Angele3 Mining Review
says:-"; v -. ':*
.¦/.What i the : Alaskan . region has ; done'' In ' the
matter j of . gold . production * Is • but' the . precursor
ota: more , important ¦ production. & The < placers
of : the 'Klondike may be 'in a dejree impover
ished, ; but fas} placers production | wanes : a . mora
earnesi and active search will be made for the
lodesWAlaska • in c the S United 3 States* and { the
/ ;Fou r : companies are I working mines
near Mojave station, Kern County. The
companies are ; the Exposed Treasure"
that 1 is 'running 25 ! stamps on Bowers
hill ; J the" Karma that * has ' 20 stamps ;
the Queen Esther- with- an outfit-to
treat r 100 'tons of '¦-.ore; a' day; and the
Echo, ; with fifteen claims and operating
a ' 20-stamp mill. " The Karma," Queen
Esther- and EchO; companies are work
ing -onTSoledad mountain. . - ? \*'~
'Si The ; Coif ax \ Sentinel •• reports that ; 200
men; are worklngin the Hidden Treas
ure) mine fat 'Bullion, known
as \Centeryllle, 'i Placer County.
» rThe; Sonora* Union-Democrat reports
the I starting r of -the V power ¦ plant ; upon
which many, mines depend: Those that
were * compelled ; to "/ suspend • operations'
or j to ; proceed i n a 1 imi ted way , are run
ning .full 'A time/ The : dry ",: season has
been -.sufficiently ; short vi to please the
miners.- The ; mountain; dams " ofrjthe
•water -corhpanies - ; in v County
are 7 full *»to ¦; overflowing J and '.*•" there" is
enough to 'run' for quite a ' period
if' no additional rain should fall* soon.*. ¦
\ The Densmore ; mine,; near Columbia,
will , be < again \, operated, , so' says ;lthe
; Union^pembcrat. , It : is ; owned rbylthe
c Alvinza " ; ? Hayward Z estate" "Work : will
also be resumed 1 at the Davis hiine," half
"a mile west of Jthe Draper mine.*
;• Between March ,ljand : August jl; 1904,
331 riewjmininglocations were recorded
in Trinity; County. ; . ? ,/
';; MIXES OP THE NORTH.
; The' bower drills in the Ida Mitchell
mine near Placervllle have been started
by electricity. '
/Quartz deposits at Quimby Creek, In
Humbbldt County, will' be developed by
WJ* R:i Beall and J. A. ; Brent. '
;.*A : final ¦payment; of 525,000 is reported
to have been made upon the Monu
mental 'mine "in; the Shelly Creek dis
trict,* Del Ndrte, County, by the Waldo
company; j The working force Includes
145" men. The mine was bonded about
a* year ago. *
The Mother Lode Banner sp.y3 that
the John , Royal mine in Tuolumna
County will start again.*
W. H. ; Cleary will put up a 10-stamp
mill at his mine on Indian Creek, near
Murphys, 'that will be run by electric
power from: the Utica mine.
The :rniners in the Masonic mountain
district in Mono, Qounty recently met
and adopted rules for the government
of the district. The boundaries were
defined ; as extending to > a point five
miles north of the old Pittsburg shaft,
thence south ten miles, east five miles,
west ten miles/north five miles. Caleb
Dorsey was elected mining recorder for
a year.
OKGAXIZE A DISTRICT.
From the Salmon Mountains to the coast, a
distance of, nearly one hundred miles, lies one
of the best prospecting • countries In the world,
and Is | only awaiting prospectors and . capital.
People by the ., thousands .ru*a.lo> Alaska and
other places, risk lives and money, 'and
thtn find out that ihe'same amount of energy
and money" spent in Blskiyou \ County would
have brought them better returns. We have
many low grade propositions throughout the
Salmon • that will pay . big : returns if proper
machinery . was put In,' also - many prospects
yet undeveloped which only need depth to
become paying . properties, and many carry
free gold on the surface. .This runs ¦ to sul
phates at or near water level, that will pay
if the 'sulphates could be handled. Tons upon
tons of these sulphates are run off 1 In the tail
ings on account of not having smelters to work
them. It is a rough country, parts having
not even; a, good trail. Alaska has this same
drawback. . It is dif Hculu to get provisions in
some parts. Our main trouble Is that our
mines have never been boomed. Capital is
drawn Into mines by booming mining camps
and creating excitement. This we have never
done. 'Our county has been on« of the leading
gold producers in the country, yet it has never
been boonrsd like other counties. This county
has been slowly . but steadily coming to the
front on ' Its merits as a gold , producer, al
though the news of -many of our rich strikes
have never reached the outside world. Tha
field Is here and the gold Is here, and alt
we. .want Is capital to develop our hidden
treasure.
The Scott Valley Advance says:
Mining ' interests in; Plumas County
receive. attention in a county publica
tion that; has just been issued. The
county: has air the needed accessories
to mining, water in abundance, and an
ample supply of timber. Gold mining
has been. a leading factor in the prop
erty of Plumas since the days of the
pioneers. First came the exploitation
of the placers as a matter of course.
It is officially estimated that the Span
ish ranch and La Porte districts, both
of which continue to yield treasure,
have produced . in gold not less than
$50,000,000 in total. Within the past
two years river placer mining has been
greatly - stimulated. By going deeper
the -coarser gold that was not found
by the pioneer miners has been saved.
Twelve miles of riverbed below Sal
mon Falls will soon be laid bare by
the operations of a power company.
"While most of the shallow deposits
caused by breaks from ancient river
channels have been mined," says the
county /publication, \ "many deeper
gcld-bearlng gravel beds or parts of
ancient channels are . available for
sluice or by hydraulic mining, notably
In the Meadow Valley basin."
It is predicted that activity in drift
mining will largely , increase the out
put of gold in Plumas County. Only
the quartz mines of high-grade ores in
the county have received full atten
tion. There are two quartz belts that
run -through the county. Copper is
known to exist largely in Plumas.
Claims- have not been worked to any
extent simply because of the lack of
transportation and the means of re
duction. When the county has rail
ways enough for its use the mining
industry will become much more
prominent.
by producers; If given in coining value, th*
sum would be about doubled.
I ,? The * total ' value . of non-metallic substances
wa3 J2.O48.C38. These substances Include bo
rax, coal. _ chry soprase. '. mineral waters, salt,
infusorial earth, gypsum, mazneslte, pyrites,
lithia > mica. Fuller's , earth, quartz - crystals,
mica, soda, tourmaline and turquoise. •
The total value of hydro-carbons and gas
was |7.1>43,273. an increase of »2, 760,886. The
hydro-carbons and . rases include asphalt, bi
tuminous rock, natural gas and petroleum. The
»as i Is given In value of that commercially
utilized, i The petroleum price -Is the average
per barrel f. o.' b.". at wells or stations In each
county. The number of barrels of oil produced
wan 24.34o.t-3O, valued at $7,313,271, as against
14.356,810 barrels In 1902. valued at $4,G02.1S9.,
The total value of structural materials was
?6,S)0S,463,- an increase of .52,799.440 over the
previous year. There materials Include brick
and pottery - clays, Portland cement, llm« and
limestone, .macadam. 'rubble and concrete rock.
paving blocks, marble, granite, sandstone, ser
pentine, slate, glass sand and soapatone.
- The relative value of the principal mineral
products of the State Is as follows: First,
gold; second, petroleum; third, copper; fourth,
clays ' and their products; fifth, . quicksilver;
sixth, • rubble; seventh, cement.
-COUXTIES : . TO. THE FORE.
Eastern Firm Is Reported
to Be Planning Control
of Leading Creameries
Mineralogist Supplements Work
BUTTER DEAL
IN HUMBOLDT
Advertising State Mines
THE SAN FRANCISCO CCALL^cSATURDAYvv OCTOBER 22, 19041
GEORGE H. HALETT
EXPIRES SUDDENLY
5
Buy Thi Gall
"It's the
Sunday Paper v
And see what DOOLEY, CHARLES DRYDEN, ED-
WARD TOWNSEND. KATE THYSON MARR.
ALBERT SONNICHSEN, DAVENPORT and the'
other notable contributors to
The Great Sunday Paper
of the We.st
have prepared for your pleasure to-morrow. SOME
ONE of these articles and perhaps ALL of them
WILL PROVE interesting to you.
In addition to the special. features, all of the news
of ;.THIS 'CITY. STATE; "COAST, NATION and IN
FACT THE ENTIRE GLOBEiWILL BE FULLY
PRESENTED. :
==ALL FOR FIVE CENTS
-The New
Comic Supplement
Will Make Its First* Appearance ' .
Sunday, October 30th
That, cute little picture, ¦ "MAID. AND. CHICK- ,
ENS," will go free ¦ as usual with the • Sunday Call, *
October so. . '
On Sunday, October ¦ 30, The Call . will announce ";
fall particulars*' of its'fnew* literary off er.
It will interest young and old. There is a splendid 1: 1
opportunity .fortliose,^^with ;Jiteraryyinclmation;'io^yidn ; 't
the $50 weekly awarii offered by The'Call to rencourajre
literary effort on the part \ of its thousands of ; readers.
¦; Aeents and Dealers should place their orders early. ?
SOLD EVERYWHERE.
=========5 Cents - a eopy=====
PAiyE;S CELERY ' COMPOTOTPw.' . ;^^^
WHAT OVERWORK REALLY MEANS.
What a Ions story is coadense'd In that one -word,
which Mrs. Frye uses in her letter— as Hoover*
work" were a matter of course. '
How many persons ever stop to realize that "ove»
work" simply means that their vitality has not been
sufficient for the duties, of the day— the work has
probably been no more than a normally healthy per*
'son could do with ease.
Instead of calling it "over-work" it would be truer
to speak of it as— "Under-vitality." .
Remember, your strength is not in your muscles—
the muscles simply work when the nerve force tells
thejn to. Even your brain does not work by itself—
the substance in your brain cells depends on getting
energy with which to do its work; and this energy
is nerve force — the same great power-of-llfe that
actuates every function of the body.
Every form of weakness, or sicknessf or disease,
results from a lack of the strong nerve foice which
should keep the organs working properly.
When one speaks of "a good constitution," one
simply means a sound, strong nerve system.
When the nerve system is not strong and well-
nourished, it follows inevitably that, one is easily
"over- worked" — easily run down-^-Just as Mrs. Fryo
describes:
"As a tonic and Invlgorater I am sure
nothing equals Rhine's - Cerely Compound.
¦ I have it always on hand.
"When weak and* nervous, or restless from
overwork, a dose of it soothes and strength*
ens me so that I wake up bright and re-
freshed, and fully capable of going through
a strenuous . day's work." — Mrs. Anna B.
. Frye, 122 OeKalb Ave., Brooklyn, N. Y, Au-
gust 5, 1904.
The nerves need food to keep op' their strength
Their food is not the same food that we usually
know. * fffiSs
Prof. Phelps, of Dartmouth University," was the-
first physician to enunciate the principle which to-
day is recognized as one of the foundations of the
science of medicine,— the great enlightening truth,
that the nerve system rules all the body's health.
X He sought 'and found , the food that builds up and .
restores: the nerves— his" celery formula, which has
become famous as Paine's . Celery Compound— the
celebrated nerve vltalizer and tonic.
Doctors know and value this prescription and make
constants use of it in their practice.
• Its effect is almost ins tantaneou3— the nourishment
and vigor givento the nerve system' by Paine's Celery
Compound is felt at once. -
The patient feels this at once and gains confidence
by it
. The stronger, nerve forces have begun at once to
make each organ of the bldy'do the work that ma*
ture_ expects of it.
Two days* treatment with Paine's Celery compound
will prove Its marvelous power.
Remember this,— Paine's Celery Compound is tht
prescription of one of tbe most famous physicians this
country has ever known, and all reputable druggists
sell and recommend it.
WELLS, RICHARDSON & CO.,
8URLI NCTOtf, VERMONT.
APVERTISKMEXTS.
"I used Ctsr»r»u sod feel like • sewnu. I bars
be«n • ttl«r»r from dyrp^ptia and «onr ctotnach
for the latt taro rears. I har« bten takice otedi-
else •sd other drocs, bnt eoaid find do relief only
for a thort time. I will recommend Cascarett to
bqt friradi >s th« only thins for indigestion and
rocr ctomacb and to keep the bowels in good con-
dition. They ar<» »ery nice to eat."
Harry Stuc VJey. Maneh Chunk, Pa.
S The Bowel'*
CAKDYCATKARTIC. ¦ Jg^
F>a« »at . Palatable. IV t • r.t . Taut* Good. Do Good,
Kerer Sicken. Weaken or Grire. Me. Kc.SOe. Nerer
tald in bulk. Tbe genuine tablet stamped CCC.
Guaranteed to care or jour taonejr back.
SterllBg Remedy Co., Cbic&coor N.Y. 5-5
AMKUAL SALE, TEH H1LLI0H BOXES
Gonorrhoea and Urinary Discharges.
Sf a££K \ IB V urn Hf £ Kr tSk
*3J > n 1 R ys tff SS3l
A CUKE IX 48 HOURS.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S chzat S
kUSEUK Qf kMTtmn
• \' .Hfx -J*' L *fS* tX^*ast»au€»l iimtmim Is tk« \
6 «f^b»k «'•'¦*- w«k«<%... .r *« r «o.trin«d A
® *fcxjal i P ccttl " tMlll «C«««. E»t.j«ye«ri. ©
$ £B*lfi 0R ' "'8R0AN-8ISEA8I8' 8F MEN A
X F C^fl _C<»«lt«o«i fro *aA rtrictly prir.;.. \
B I ]5*a a Tl ""» : P»rsOMV, er b» irntr. A A
~Ama tit? w ri>« f«r Em«. rti i.oaw r-nv.f A
V • fl ft* «A»«IA«SB.. MAILCS MM. I \ 9
A & ir »a!»«tt« »»•< f« i»#ii) A
r DtL JOBDAX * CO.. INI Market St.. s. V V
L tAPTCP 'g CURE SICK HEADACHE.
Mittu Genuine Must Bea*
g IVER Fac-Simlle Signature
I PILLS. >>
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629.KEAB3TT STV Ksttbllsbed
In 1*54 for tbe treatment of I'drnte
Oiaeatec. lx»t Manb«od.. Debility or
dis««»e wearinron hod y and rolnd and
Sktn l)is»*ses. The Doctor cure* when
others 1 all. . Try him. Jow.-.
i«r«-« tdaranlrrd. Call or write. .
I>r. J. r- CIBBOX, tan Francisco, Cat • ¦ |
j_ _ •_ • ¦» »'* "MJBPi
¦ BBBBSmnijin'ijiijil TUF1A1 I 4** M M
jH^ TOURIST SLEEPERS
October 2(5 and 27. ft.
FROM "$W FRANCISCO:
: Otv Southern^Pacific train No. 4 at 9 a. m. with day- j
ligKt 'ride through^ Salt Lake City and . Scenic Golorado,
over Rio Grande Railway. .'¦-,. All , sleepers, carried ¦ viaV
Denver, thence" East on the Burlington's": fast through
; trains to St. Louis." A standard through sleeper to St.- »
All "y.the -.? low ~ Special World's Fair . Excursion Rates r ;
from California points apply for these Bur-
lington Excursions; other 1 Excursions on frequent
g dates to Chicago!. I]
M ¦ : : '"---> /'¦¦;¦ -y" ? ~ ~\" -'';' •'" ' ' -— — - ' " ' 11
H Call on or ..write % -\ .¦
H General Asrent, W. D. SAWBOB3T. BorUajftoa Ticket Oflo^ ' ||
g 631 JCAXKET ST. (T/nd«r Palac* Xotel). '" ||" KANSAS CITT, Mo.; Oct. 21— Elm Rld«e
racing results: « 7*. . -¦ !-._. ., .
"First race," five furlong*— Precious Stone won.
Van Ness second. .. Jlmalong third. Time,'
l:01K:« »• -.- ' " ¦ - - .. -
• Second . race five and. a - half furlongs —
Devout .won, .Ta«r second, "El, Otero third.
Time, 1:00. '
' Third : race, > one mile — .Baikal ; won. Easy
Street »econd.",MacMiller third. .. Time, l:42^ic
¦ Fourth .-. race, ' one . ¦ and " a \ quarter - miles —
Barkleylte won,' St. r Tammany second, Hora
tius; third. V, Time.; 2:09%. ; : ; ,
-; Flf XP race, n steeplechase, one and . a quarter
miles— Schwarzwald won. Evander second.
Sprinffwater'thlrd-Tlme, 2:38%. \- • I . . ¦- .
'* Sixth race, - five and a half furlongs— Lady
Ellison A won,-fAdar«l second, Tleetwood third.
Tim V X j
Precious Stone Wins at Elm Ridge.
• - FRIEND, . . Nebr., , : Oct. 21..— Three
rounds were run ; In . the ¦ Futurity stake
at*" ; the impark ; of :/the -Friend " Coursing
Club"; to-day, -bringing"*- the h race I down
to;, the; serni^finals/^ } A ' heavy -wind r to
daVyhandlcapped \ the {dogs £ and . condi
tions" werejunf avorable. '; Mr." Brindle,'" a'
hound i from'.: Butte,' made the
best" showing,'? beating", three ; competi
tors. - Two dogs from Montana 'and two
f rom "¦; Kansas^are if still J In ''the^cdntest.'
The i final grounds j In the-5 Futurity^ and
, t^ej'pjrelimlnary] rounds"! inl theTall-aged
puppyIitake1^illib^lrimUo4morro i w.»fflij
Butte Grejhound ' Runs Well.
Will Rest in , Oakland.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— Division Su
perintendent R.' J. Laws of "the South
ern Pacific ' Company, who .... dropped
dead at Blue Canyon yesterday* from
heart . failure caused by^the *'- railway
wreck, is to"; be laid'to rest lri; this city/
His remains will be " forwarded hereV
but f ' the date of the funeral has not Vet
been fixed." ; ' •
Charles ; B. Sneer's Burial.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21,— Purieral ser
,vices for'the.late^ Charles B. t Slicer of
this r city," who died Wednesday night at
the home of his sister,* Mrs.K Harriet
• Carpenter . in ; Alameda, were ; held \ this*
afternoon. Interment ..was In I Mountain
JVlew- Cemetery.' r; * ¦;;'."!
SAY, AGENT, 18 EMBEZZLER.,— Oakland;
Qct. 21 , — Harry W. Meloy," ageat for. the U nder- '
[wood ¦ typewriter.- in Oakland, was'»arrested i to-'
day.* on v at charge 'of I embezzlement, si His \ em
ployers • accuse ¦ Meloy : of withholding $13 ,70 ¦' of
the company's money. ' - '
Marriage Licenses.
;. OAKLAND, Oct. 2 l.-^The following
marriage licenses"- were ; Issued ' by,^ the
County ,; Clerk' t'6;day : • Paul A: Rpche^
20; and ; Miriam ! D. Thompson,'! 17,' both
of J Oakland ;TAntonel DobbonV 27,"and
Clara Pereira, 18. both^of PlnoliMsS
'CHARGE IS DISMISSED.— Oakland, Oct. 21,
The charge of assault- to • murder, against
Belle iVega of Livermore was dismissed to-day
on ¦; motion ;'of District '"Attorney Allen.'??' She
was tried • once : for ' slashinsr Eva' Perry," and It
was : not r. believed t that a -, conviction ; could - be
had under the circumstances.' .
BERKELEY, x Oct 2i:-^The Berke
ley police .were informed * to-day : that
Harvey Hart/, a . 1 3-year-old boy, 1 who
has been missing f or; three weeks from
his home at 3051 Hlllegass avenue, has
been , found and is ' In ; custody at Sa
linas.;"--. ; - ¦ ¦¦¦' ¦ ' •^'¦' . '.;¦:-'¦
The boy's parents' said to-day that
he had been under the', influence of ? an
older lad, whose' name j they - did ;. not
know, and this influence, .they, believed;
had taken him ; from ;• home; , /-Young
Hart had been'a pupil in". the Le Conte
School in South Berkeley. »¦'•;
Youngster Who Has Been Missing for
Three Weeks Is Discovered
- by the Police, /.
' San Francisco — J. Bradly, R. B. Timber
lake, W. A. Beadle and wife A. B. Goddard.
H. Q.. Crouch.. R. H. Dutrow. A. C. Osborn.
C. Phillips. Mrs. Phillips. Mrs.C.-Alwood D.
M. McCallum, U. : Lengfeld, M.I. Cahn. O.
A. , Esllng. : O. ; J. ¦: Miller M. > Levy and wife.
Mrs. K. Green, B. L. Booth, Mrs.' O. Freder
icks, W. Bartosh and wife. H. Menke. R. E.
Queen, , W. Blatesr and wife. M. H. En»
leander, J.- C. Zellerbach and wife. W. D.
McLellan. Gee ¦ Yong. W. L. Menser J. Sam
uels. G; .W.'.Werlln and wife. B.- Samuels,. T.
J. Hicks. B. C. Mlley. J. J. Stenson., J. A.
Wilson, I. Dunkel. E. . Freldman. I. Friedman,
Mrs." N.' F. ¦• FrledmanJadMHBBBsBsxEM
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 2 1.— The following
visitors from ' San Francisco are reg
istered at the California building:
Manyr San Franciscans Visiting Fair
Register at California Building.
>: ALAMEDA,] OctT : 21.— Mrs^ John Lub
berf passed away ' trfis * morning at her,
home,' ' 630 1 Pacific avenue, . after a long
illness. She was a native of New York,
S5| years* old, and a daughter 'of John
Rieneck'er - of this city; Her husband
and I two I young .survive her.'
f= James ;Sharp, ; "who until recently, was
a* resident 'of Gold Hill, : Nev., died last
night atUh'ef Alameda' Sanitarium? He
was' 64 , years ; of age, ; a member of the
Masonic 'fraternity and is survived 4 by
a family ; living" in - Melrose. .The .re
mains] wiH be '.forwarded to Gold : Hill
for,' Interment. - : . : -., ., .-•'¦?
Two Answer Last Summons.
RUNAWAY BERKELEY BOY
IS FOUND AT SALINAS
FROM THIS CITY.
Death of Mrs. Mary E. Knowles.
OAKLAND," Oct. ' " 2 1'.— Mrs. Mary
Eaton ' Knowles, widow, of '*; the : " - ; late
Captain Josiah N.- Knowles;' died "this
morning ; at the Knowles'. residence,
1302 Jackson' street, after a long ill
ness. Mrs. Knowles was a member ! of
one of the most prominent families of
Oakland. : .' She was a native of \ New
Bedford, Mass., and had lived* in this
city for twenty-eight years. ' The sur
viving children, arer HarryTS'J.
Knowles, ; Mrs/ Charles T.^ Bliss, .Mrs.
Henry H7, Adams, ' Thomas ' Knowles,
Miss Alice Knowles/ Ruth W.- Knowles
and Mrs. Harry F.; Gordon, all of Oak
land; The funeral will be held* Sun
day. ;
WIIXI AMS GETS FIVE TEAB3. — Taomaa
Williams, colored, who pleaded rollty to two
charsrs* of . burglary b«fore Judge Law lor on
Wednesday, was sentenced yesterday to fiv*
years In Folsom Penitentiary on each chargrs,
the sentences to run concurrently. H« • broks
Into dining-cars of th« Southern Paciflo Com
pany, on Aurnst 3 and ft and stole silverware
and other articles. He had been employed as %
wniter in the dlnlns-cars. bat had been dls
churged.
. * OAKLAND, 1 Oct. 2L— Private • Fred
Maglll of Company A, Fifth Regiment,
N. G. C, was voted *.ut of the organ!-'
zatlon last night because of an alleged
unwarranted ¦criticism of .Second Lieu
tenant Poulter, who was defeated for
re-election by Corporal Peter WImlund
one week ago. ,
On the occasion of the election, Ma-,
gill, who had been admitted to mem
bership In the company but an hour be
fore, seconded the nomination of Win
lund, and ' in doing so made c ¦ caustic
verbal . attack on Poulter, asserting
that- during the parade of Company A
on ' Admission day the second lieuten
ant swaggered s along with ; a*, cigarette
In his mouth. -, Magill's words /were
mainly Instrumental ' in accomplishing
the defeat of- Poulter. Last night' the
members took a different ',yiew : of ' the
matter and 1 voted unanimously to dis
miss Maglll. v ' :
Expels Militiaman Who Criticized and
Caused the Defeat of Lieu
tenant Ponlter.
COMPANY;- A DISMISSES
PRIVATE FRED MAGILL
¦ Morse / brought injunction proceedr
ings and • asked- for a writ of review
of the; action taken by ; the Supervisors
in the matter of .the road,- -and after,
both had been decided in favor of the
Supervisors*. Mitchell, as chairman: of
the board, signed the contract ! in order
to allow the work to proceed.;; Morse's
attorneys alleged . that the , temporary
injunction had not been dismissed, and
that he was In contempt.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21— Judge Ogden
this 'afternoon refused to cite Super
visor. John Mitchell before him for con
tempt "of court < upon the < petition .of
Harry, N. Morse, who is [ opposing the
building of "the Mocho road leading out
of Livermore. „
Jndjre Holds That Chairman of Board
Acted Within His Province in 3
* Mocho Road Slatter.
; OAKLAND, --.Oct. 2 1.— Charged with
kicking- his wife into insensibility, Per
cy Rivers, a waiter ¦'; at Seventh and
Willow, streets, was arraigned before
Police Judge Mortimer Smith this
morning on a battery, complainL , Riv
ers, according to Policeman V/ Keefe,
quarreled with . Mrs. Rivers, drove her
out of the restaurant where, he, is em
ployed, knocked her down and kicked
the helpless woman in the head until
she was unconscious.
Keefe happened along in time to
stop the « frenzied husband from fur
ther maltreating ¦ his . ; spouse.- Rivers
was sent to jail. His trial was set for
October 27. . ~
Policeman Keefe Arrests Percy Rivers,
a Waiter, Saying He v Kicked :
Spouse Into Insensibility. :
CHARGES HUSBAND: WITH
BRUTALLY ABUSING WIFE
REFUSES TO . PUNISH
SUPERVISOR . MITCHELL
. HAMILTON. Mass.. Oct. XL- H.
Chandler Egan, am&Uur champion of
the United States, and A.'- L. Whtte.
both"- members ' of the" Harvard *olf
team, -will play to-morrow to dadda
the Intercollegiate golf championship,
they being the survivors of the semi
final round played to-day In a driving
rainstorm over the links. of tha Myopia
Hunt Club. F. O. Relnhart of Prince
ton, present champion,' was defeated la
the afternoon play by H. Chandler
Egan.
Golfers Egan and White to Meet.
The freshmen debating: tryouta were • held In
North : Hall . last night, and the following men
were chosen for the finals, from whom the class
team will be selected: M. E. Harrison, F. A.
White. F. A. Whitney, S. E. Rosenthal, : J. M.
Burke, C. K. Hardenbrook, J. Robinson, H."
Jones and E. J.- Loeb. The finals will be held
next Monday evening in Stiles Hall. "Vaccina
tion" Is to be the subject for debate.
The library; has 1 received a number. of
French dramas from Madame A. Messager.of
Ban Francisco, and from ¦ Miss Wilhelmina L.
Armstrong of Los Angeles, author of "."Incense
of ; Sandal wood," a copy of her work. v Th« lat
ter is a unique volume of Hindoo ¦ stories and
verses. '
BBRKELirr, Oct. 21. — Th« fresh m«n »le«
ihven in Harmon gymnasium to-night was per
haps the most 'successful affair of the 'sort In
many years. More than ' 600 invitations had
been issued.' Twenty , dances were on the card,
without intermission. llcsdamea Benjamin
Ide Wheeler. Walter Magee. Colonel . Edward*.
Frank Soule and H.* K. Schilling were the
patronesses.
. The programme for the half hour of music
at the Greek Theater next Sunday Is an
nounced to be as follows: •: '*:- :*
Nocturne . (flute) (John Field)
. Fred A. Harvey. •
Song, "King bt Eternity" .... (Hartwell Jones)
Dr. -Bruce V.-'HU1. -':••-. -
I/Olseau (flute) (George U.Roe)
Fred Ar Harvey.
Song, "lord Ood of Abraham".. (Mendelssohn)
I>r. Bruce V.. Hill. I
H. R. Meade delivered ' the library . lecture
last night on "Literature, Fine Arts and the
Sciences." . . /\ . -. . . . . .
¦ All the students who took part in the Greek
procession . when "AJax" 7 was 'produced have
been requested to act . In a similar capacity at
the Oreek fTheater ¦ next Tuesday, in honor of
tha opening of the Farmers' : Institute.
MILWAUKEE. Wls., Oct. Jl.—Ben
ny Yanger of Chicago and if auric s
Sayers of Milwaukee went six rounds
to a draw before the Milwaukee Box
ing Club. to- night. Tha bout was fast
and furious from start to flnisn. In
the fourth round Yanger had Sftyers
hanging on at the bell and seemed .to
have a good lead. Sayers rallied In
the fifth and got even honors, la th»
sixth, during a hot mtrup Sayers land
ed ahard right on Tanker's Jaw; ntar
ly unbalancing him. This blow earned
the Milwaukee boy a draw. The men
were fighting hard when the son*
sounded.
Yanger and Savers Draw.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The reason stated for selling the
church properties is that a large num
ber of the members of the church are
going to remove with their families to
Mountain View, and that when they,
are gone the present building will be
too large and expensive to maintain.
The presses of the paper are already
set up at Mountain View, and the paper
Is now being printed there. The plant
is a complete one, and - does a large
business. • Several hundred people are
employed by it. All these are remov
ing to the . new field, and in a short
time it is expected that the entire estab
lishment, including the employes, will
have been successfully transplanted.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.—The Seventh
Day Adventlsts of this city took the
final steps to-day to sell their property
in this city, preparatory. to moving the
plant of the Pacific Press . Publishing
Company, which publishes the Ad
ventlst paper, The Signs of the Times,
to Mountain View, in Santa Clara
County. Petitions td sell the church
building at Twelfth and Brush streets,
together with* the site of the plant of
the publishing company, were filed with
the County Clerk to-day. '.
Will Sell Their Church and Move
Their Printing Establishment
to Mountain View.
ADVEXTISTS TO TRANSFER
THEIR ENTIRE COLONY
g OAKLAND, Oct. ,81^— In' order that
her Intended husband need not lose a
day's work, Dora . Chon called at the
County Clerk's . office to-day and
wished to know whether It was neoes
sary for the bridegroom to be present
at the ceremony. She had the mar
riage license granted to Meyer - Chon
and Dora Chon yesterday, signed by
both of them and hoped that' the
County Clerk could in some way speak
the cabalistic words which would
make them one without Chon's mate
rial presence.
Cupid : Hanley, who was ready
enough with the pen to Issue the' li
cense, could offer no' word of encour
agement to the maid in her predica
ment. "There Is no provision under
the California law that allows a per
son to be married by proxy," said
Hanley, "and I guess^ he'll have to be
with you when it' is done. It would
not take long."
"But he works in San r Francisco,"
was the reply.
"Well, get married over there, then.**,
"No, we want {o be married in this
county, but- 1 should •' think ' you could
do it without his being here. He has
signed '.the paper." .
But the maid was told no and she
went away "sorrowful.
Maid Wishes Marriage Ceremony ; Per-'
formed by \ Proxy u ... . Her] In- \ : :
tended Cannot Leave Work. '¦
-; BERKELEY, Oct. '21. — Sousa and
his band entertained a large audience
at the Greek theater this afternoon,
giving a concert of unusual merit and
attractiveness. The rays of the af
ternoon sun made it difficult for part
of the crowd to appreciate all the
beauty of the programme, but ' the
greater portion of the thousands pres
ent testified by thunderous applause
their delight In all the features of the
musical feast spread and served* by
Sousa.
Hundreds came from San Francisco
and Oakland to enjoy the novel sensa
tion of hearing the famous brass band
in the confines of the classic | Greek
structure at the university. Sousa In
terpolated perhaps more music of a
serious character than usually is giv
en place In his programmes and-ap
parently gauged accurately the taste
of his audience. The numbers played
were as follows: -
Overture, "William TeU" moeeinl) ; com«t
•olo, Herbert It Clarke, "Vain* Brllllante"
(Clarke); Sousa' ¦ n«w suite. "At' the King's
Court"; soprano solo, Miss Estelle Lleblingv
Th9 P«arl of Brazil" (David); flute obligato,
Marrhall Lufnkjr ; excerpts from Warner's
"Parsifal" — (a).. 'The Flower Maidens," (b)
"Processionals of the Knights of the Grail";
Chopin — (a)Mazurka, Opus 93, (b) VaXse, Opus
C9. <e) "Marche Funebre" i from Sonata, Opus
32: (a) "Caprice Espaxnole.SevUlana/ 1 -new,
(Elgar). (b) inarch. "Jack Tar" (Souea); vio
lin solo. Miss Jesela Straus, "Zlgeunerwelsen"
(Earasate); overture, " "Poet and Peasant"
(Supp«).
Large and Audience Enjoys
Slusical Feast Served' by Famous
- Composer and Conductor. -
SOUSA'S BAND PLAYS
IN GREEK AMPHITHEATER
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 21.
Railroad movements of the greatest
importance are taking place in the
Fruitvale district Just south of the
Oakland city ilne. Where this section
is now possessed of one main railroad
line and one electric line there are in
dications of two additional overland
Eteam railroad lines, one other electric
line and the improvement of the elec
tric line that now traverses this sec
tion.
The Southern Pacific Company now
has two railroad lines to San Jose, and
the Oakland Traction Company con
trols the electric system. The indi
cations for ttre future are that the
Western Pacific Company will begin
work within a few months upon its
main line, that the Santa Fe system is
preparing to build into San Jose, that
the Key Route Is anxious to extend a
feeder for its ferry into this section,
that the Haywards electric eystem is to
be turned into a broad gauge line, and
that the Southern Pacific Company is
eoing to begin the extension of its lines
Into San Francisco via Dumbarton
Point at once. "-'"T f
The Western Pacific is the most ac
tive factor in this section, and when
this line begins, its construction all of
the other deals outlined will have to be
consummated in order that the other
systems may protect themselves. The
Western Pacific Company holds a valu
able franchise through Oakland, along
Third street, and out through East
Twelfth street to the city line at Fruit
vale. This company has done enough
preliminary work to hold its franchise,
but It has to complete ita work
through Oakland within a few months
mere or lose its privllages.
From the Oakland city line at Fruit-
Tale to Haywards Is a short distance,
and the Western Padflc Company has
several surveys and a right of way
already secured. In order to hold
these, construction work will soon have
to be commenced. The statement is
znade In Oakland that work will be be
gun upon the Oakland terminus at the
came time with the construction
through the Marysville diitrict, which
is to be commenced In a few weeks.'
The beginning of work by the West
«rn Pacific Company will force the
Eanta Fa to build from its present
Emeryville terminus Into San Jose.
The Santa Fe has already made ar
rangements' with the Realty Syndicate
for a right of way half way to San
Jose, and the other half can be se
cured at little cost.
SATS BRIDEGROOM CAN
ATTEND IN SPIRIT O3TLT
The Southern Pacific Company is pre
paring to meat this competition by
building from Niles to "Centerville, to
Newark, and as soon as the War De
partment grants the right for a bridge
across San Francisco Bay at Dumbar
ton Point it will complete the rail
road along that line and carry Liver
more Valley freight into San Francisco
direct.
The Key Route has also a right of
way from Piedmont into the East
Oakland and Fruitvale district that will
some day be completed.
Agents of the new Oakland and
Marysville Railroad, which is simply
H. E. Huntington under a corporate
name, have been Investigating rights
of way. The road will run through the
Fruitvale hills.
The Oakland Traction Company,
which owns the Haywards electric line,
has already completed its plans for the
changing of the present narrow gauge
system into a broad gauge line. The
material and even the cars are on hand,
and it is only a Question of a few
weeks before work will be begun upon
this improvement. Ultimately the
Haywards cars will be run from Hay
wards down Twelfth street in Oakland
and out to the Key Route ferry from
a pier to be run from the western end
of Twelfth 6treet.
Fruitvale Is Center Around Which
Cluster Pending Fights.
RAILROAD SYSTEMS ARE BATTLING FOR
LINES SOUTH FROM OAKLAND.
California may well be proud of her
goats. ' C P. Bailey of San Jose swept
everything before him here In that
line at the live stock show. He was
awarded the grand champion prize Tor
a buck, sweepstake prize - for finest
Cock bred by an -exhibitor, a gold
medaifor winning 'the most prizes of
any breed, and another for winning
the' most prizes 'of any exhibitor.
took twenty-five prizes in all.
The ' sweeping.victory of the Bailey
goats has revived, the story of how Dr.
Bailey, son of the owner of the flock,
secured two of the original bucks from
Turkey, : despite ¦ the : mandate of the
Sultan' that none of the thoroughbred
angoras in his dominion should pass
its borders. Dr. Bailey fooled the Sul
tan", and his grand vizier- and sailed
proudly home w\th two pedigreed ani
mals he had smuggled out. of the em
pire. He got them to a seaport after
letting them browse around some coal
bunkers until -their coats looked like
anything .but those of prize winners
and then them aboard ship' by mix
ing them with a bunch of , other ani
mals. It is said that If he goes back
to Turkey he will be beheaded, unless
he tells, the ;. Sultan how Jie got the
goats ¦ aboard ship, so the men who
were guilty of . negligence can bow
their necks to" the scimitar, or go down
to the.Bosphorus In bags. •„
The gold medal awarded to the
University of California for the seed
and cereal display made by it saves
the reputation of the State as a grain
producing section to a certain extent.
The university made this display In
the Alameda County section. - It Is not
to grains that /California must look
for her future development, but abil
ity to produce them appeals to the
practical farmer of the East and
draws the attention of • many where
fruit, wine and olives .would not, so
California should always strive for
cereal, prizes as well. as others. .,:',*-.
.The California exhibitors here ex
press no particular concern that olives
from their State were awarded noth
ing better than sliver medals. The for
eigners on the Jury are. not prepos
sessed in favor of ripe olives, but tha
taste of the public Is ' unerring and
the ; ripe, product is sure to take Its
place. Few green California olives
were shown, the demand for the ripe
ones Being so much greater. In fact
the demand for the ripe olive seems
to be greater than the supply. It Is
admitted, too, that many of the ripe
olives sent from California were some
what ;*soft" and not up to "Bhow"
Standard, though all right to the ordi
nary palate.
Different Juries, too, make different
awards,* Some oils and other prod
ucts ' that have taken gold - medals . at
other expositions were awarded silver
ones here, and vice versa.
CALIFORNIA GOATS.
CALL BUREAU, PRESS BUILD
ING, WORLD'S FAIR, . ST. LOUIS,
Oct 21.— Sweeping as California's tri
umph at the Louisiana. Purchase Ex
position in the matter of awards has
been, there are of necessity some
cases of injustice, mainly due to over
sight, that are the subject of appeal.
One of the most vigorous protests
made Is by the Sacramento Valley De
velopment Association, through Judge
J. H. . Wills, Its commissioner, here.
This Is upon the processed vegetables
award.. "Processed," as many may
not know, means put up in solution In
glass Jars. Sacramento - County has
the largest exhibit of this kind shown
here and It was awarded a gold med
al. Such medals are deemed excellent
prizes, but the ; Sacramento Valley,
while Jubilant over the general awards
made to it, does not think -It should
have had less than a grand prize for
Its vegetable display. Some grand
specimens are shown and they are all
as near perfect as vegetables can be.
There is nothing lacking in size and
variety, either. One cauliflower lri
the collection weighs fifteen pounds.
A small pleca had to be broken off to
get it into the large Jar. that holds 1L
It is Just possible that the Jury re
gretted not giving a grand prize to
this Sacramento vegetable show, but
thought It couldn't give so many" big
awards to Sacramento.
UNTVERSTTx" EXHIBIT.
Additional charges brought out to
day In the divorce proceedings begun
by ' Dr. Charles ' C. Lancaster allege
that - Mercedes H.^' Lancaster g is -' . a
cigarette' fiend" and tnatt she threatened
to kill him .with a piece of crockery.!.'
A pension of |24 a month was taken
away from George Monitor ¦ to-day by
Judge Ogden and awarded to Minnie
Mollitor, who ' is suing him for a di
vorce. They have three children, and
she alleges that he la drinking to such
an extent that his family is afraid
longer to live with " him. He has
threatened their lives on many occa
sions and in other ways made their ex
istence miserable. * Pending the hear
ing* of the action the pension was given
to the wife and children.
Because his wife already had a hus
band when he married her, James E.
Stevens has brought an action to an
nul his marriage to EUanora Capps,
alias Ellanora Stevens. He saya that
he married- her under a misapprehen
sion of hl3 rights. He knew that she
had been married before, but she told
him there was an irregularity in the
proceedings, and Stevens says that he
consulted a lawyer, who declared that
their marriage would be legal. He is
now convinced her marriage to her for
mer husband was valid. Difficulties
have arisen, and - he wants to escape
from bonds that have become irk
nomi.
Not impressed with the tale of her
Enoch Arden husband, Mrs. James C.
Fink has begun a suit for divorce
against him. Fink has return •« lately
from "Australia, where he roamed for
many years. He failed to write or
send her any money, but lately turned
up and wished to resume his position
In the bosom of his family. Love,
however, had \ cooled in his absence,
and his son and daughter had gone out
into the world to earn their own liv
ing, and the face at the window
brought no quickening to the wife's
pulse.
Fink says that he went to Australia
to seek- a fortune, but that luck was
against him' and his efforts resulted in
failure. In her complaint Mrs. Fink
declares tha^ he deserted her and that
he neither wrote nor sent her . money.
She mourned him as dead and would
not now revive the image she had laid
away.
Through pity for her husband, who,
she learns, is the victim of tubercu
losis, Julia Sedgeley to-day dismissed
her action' for divorce against Abner
F. Sedgeley. He is a brakeman In
Montana. She accused him of deser
tion and failure to provide. When she
learned of his danger she asked her at
torney, R. B. Tappan,'to discontinue
the suit.
Oakland Office. San Francisco .Call.
1016 Broadway, Oct. 21. .
BT FAUIi EDWARDS.
Twenty-six candidates for place In
the Skull- and Keys Society made sport
to-day, with their mentors, for .the
crowd which aiways flocks to the uni
versity campus, on the day of the an
nual '•running" of the upper class so
ciety. It was the fourteenth celebra
tion of its kind;
Early in the forenoon the f estivtties
began. The candidates appeared,
dressed in grotesque * garb, posing as
ballet . dancers, Dutchmen, policemen
and -other picturesque f oik. - A mock
vaudeville performance was given at
11 o'clock in front of North Hall. The
neophytes were driven, to* the campus
in a big wagon, as usual, covered with
bunting, and insignia of the society. *.
*In the afternoon the merry-makers
gathered at the Oreek theater, .where
Sousa's band was playing. When the
concert was at an end ' the throng of
carnival folk ' rushed Into the theater
and marched • around the gravel walk
playing horns, dancing Jigs and leering
at the spectators. At their head march
ed a student dressed in imitation of
Sousa, conducting. the motley band. .
On the football ¦ field the sport ¦ was
continued, before a crowd of several
thousand-spectators.. Tha neophytes
assumed characters as follows, accord
ing to the official program: .
•The Higher Pantheism in a Nut*h«n":
Ts herald. Mark Roy Daniels; "It Was the
Dutch," GtllU and Thomas; a gentleman from
the South. William B. Tucker; Happy and
Gloomy. Baker and OUlellan; "Much Ado
About Nothing," Eugene R. Halle tt; a bum
cavalier, William Cavalier; "I and My
Willie." Frei and Hall] "Ranter In the Face,"
Allan Bpencer; "The Toreador," Robert Cause
ley; " 'Tls Folly to Be Wise," Arthur Whit
ney; "Phly, Birdie, Phly" Francis Kellogg;
"On the Fair Sex." Harold Plununerj "In Me
morlum." Maxwell Milton; "From Hearst
Hall," Harmon Edwards, Fredertco Wulff and
John Isaacs; "Tweedle Dum and Tweedle Dee,"
Wicks and Harrold; "Of Cory's .Force," James
Mullen. '
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center* Street, Octl 21.
Despondent from 111 health and pov
erty and failing to borrow money on
his pistol, V. R. Stowe of Missouri, as
he registered, committed suicide this
afternoon in a room at the Hotel Mer
ritt. Twelfth and Franklin Btreet*. He
shot himself in the head while stand
ing in front of a mirror. The shot
was heard by Henry Kurz, proprietor
of the hotel, who called the police.
Detective Shorey climbed through a
transom and found Stowe's body, the
pistol at his side.
Stowe engaged the room several
days ago, saying he was from.Andrain
County, Mo. He was quiet and seem
ed in good spirits until this morning,
when he asked Mrs. Kurz, her hus
band being absent, to lend him $20
on his pistol. Stowe said he was very
ill and must have money with which
to purchase medicine. Mrs. Kurz
said she could not lend the money
without conference with her husband.
Stowe then went to his room and
soon afterward the fatal shot was
heard. Stowe was about 22 years old.
Coroner Mehrmann took charge of
the body.
R. A. Hag-an. S65H Market street, San
Francisco, identified the body to-night
as that of Victor R. Stowe, whom he
had nursed while Stowe was in care of
Dr. Morris of Third street, San Fran
cisco, suffering from heart disease.
Stowe had been receiving remittances
from Martlnsburg, Mo., until lately.
When they ceased the young man
pawned his diamonds and became more
and more despondent.
Stowe tried to drown himself yester
day Jjy jumping into the bay off Broad
way wharf, San Francisco. He was
fished out and revived ' at the Harbor
Hospital. Thence he returned to Oak
land. Hagan said Stowe had- been in
the lumber business in Missouri.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 'Broadway, . Oct. 21.
Milton Eheo&rdson to E. J. EhetJaxdacn and
Joseph T. Hlnch. lot on N line of Felton street.
200 E of Occidental, E 106 by N 131, Berkeley;
$10. ¦• .:
Columbian Building and Loaa Association
to John Sherwood Williams, lot on XS corner
Clay and Regent streets. N 42 by E 131:7. be
ing S 42 feet of lot 7. map Boulevard Tract.
Alameda; $10. - -
C D. and Mary A. Bates (wlfs) and 7. W.
and Carrl« S. Bllger twlft) to Charles A.
Sutherland, lot on N line of Buena Vista ave
nue 205:8 E of Stanford. E 34 by X 147:ft,
lot 5. and portion of lot 4, block 12. Plan sua
dlvlsicn of blocks 1 to 8 and 12 to 14 of Iaa4
adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda: J10.
Calvin A. Shaw (single) to Max Frltseh.
lot at Intersection of S line of East Sixteenth
street and E Use of of alley 3S9:9 W from W
line of Twenty-third avenue, S 201. E 122. N
45. «W 82.8O. N 83, W «8:S. -2T 125 to point on
S line of East Sixteenth street, 35*:5 from W
line- ot Twenty- third avenue. W 33:4 to be
ginning. East Oakland; $10. '
Milton Shepardson (sin*le) to Lydta F. Ehep
ardson. lot 83 map of Piedmont Villa Tract,
portion plat 19. etc.. Oakland: $10.
E. J. Shepardson to same, lots 9 r.ad 9. block
C. Major Given Tract. Oakland: $10."
John and Mary Sweeney to James P. Mullen,
lot on NW corner of Lily and jCannlna; streets.
N 50 by W 100, lots 13 and IS. block K. map
of subdivision of Roberts and Wolfskin Tract.
Oakland: $10.
David Symmes (slnrle) to Mary Andrews.
lot on SW line of East Fifteenth street. 125
NW of Twenty-first avenue.' NW 23 by SW.
140, let IS. block 22. map can Antonio. East
Oakland; grant. - ...
E. J. Shepardscn to Lydia T. Shepardson.
let on SW corner of Forty-third and Grove,
streets W 140, S 200, E 140. N 73. W 90, N
50, E. »0, N 73. to beylnninff. lots 27 to 81 and
84 to 3S, .block. 2C02, Paradise plat. Oakland;
$10. . .
Earl H. an4 eadle CL Webb to Virginia H.
Phillips et al.. lot ». block 1. Amended Map of
portion of La Loma Park and Wheeler Traot,
Berkeley; $10. +jmmBffmuaKSa&H - -
Chapln A. and Ellen M. Martin to Anale
T. Burns (widow), lot on W line of Callage
avenue. 82.34 B of Dwlght way. 3 40 by W
11<X portion lots 5 and 6. block A blocks A to
D. map 3, Hllle»ass Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Stephen and Mary. Elizabeth Oallazhsr
(wife) to J. U Bartlett, lot on N line of No
lan (or Thirty-third) street, 136 E of West.
E 30 by N 100. portion lot 21. block E. proj£
erty of Central Land Company, formerly
Brown Tract. Oakland; $10.
Max W. Koenlr to Prank - and ' AnK*l!na
Gentoza, lot on S corner of Summer street acd
Second avenue. EE 113 by SW 30 30 lot 14.
Glascock and Blow Temescal Tract. Oakland;
Harlow P. Bancroft to Walter M Church,
lots 21 and 22. block B, Alpine Tract, deed
and, agreement, Oakland; $10.
Austin C. and Grace C Richards to Frederta
O. Wilson, lot on E Use of West street. 40
8 of Nineteenth, 8 30 by C 10O. portion lots
8 and 4. block R-2S8. map of Barnes Tract,
Oakland: $10.
Hugh and Mary EL MoBroy to John J. Don
ahue, rerecord 803 D. 8l» lot on SB corner of
Ninth and Bristol streets. E 524 by 8 ICO.
Berkeley; f.ia
J. Georre and Helen Smith to Georr* C.
Bolberton, lot on NB corner of Corn-wail street
and Shattuck avenue, E 160.94 N 10O W
153.17. S 105.14, lots 1. 2 and 19 McTlnuh
Tract. Oakland; $10.
E. L. Wl=3pl9 to Continental ZarrMtmast
Company. lot oa N Una or Oakland or Rail -
ro*d irtna* (Seventh street) 123 W of B*y.
W 73 by X 100:4%. lots 10 to 12. block 43.
land on Oakland Point Tract 404. Oakland:
also lots 1. 2 and 8. block 43. saae. Oakland.
•10.
Realty Syndicate to Ralph E. Cotter (sine!*).
VTS 13 feet of lot 11 and STW 23 feet of lot 10.
block B. map So. 1. Highland Terrace, Osk.
land; 110. <. . ;
Phoenix S. B. sad I* Association ta £. I*
nugerold. .lot on W line of Pearl street.
223.08 8 of Ruby. B 35, W 8S. NJJ 83. E 91. ».
lot 49 and portion lot 4S. map American In-
Testaent Union Tract 1 Oakland; tlO.
E. U and Edith U Fitzgerald to G<on?e 3.
McCord. same, Oakland; 110.
E. I*. "Wsmple to Continental Inrcttaast
Company lot on KB line of Twenty- fourth
•treet. 100 BE of Nineteenth are&Tze. S3 30
by NB 140. block 31. Northern Addition to
Brooklyn. Cast Oakland; $10.
Alameda Count j.
FRIDAY. OCTOBER. 21
R Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 21.
Taunted by neighbors, distressed
over her poverty and chagrined be
cause she frit ehe had wrongly whip
ped one of her children, lire. Mary
Francis, 47 years old, threw herself In
front of an Alameda local train last
night at First and Harrison streets in
an attempt to commit suicide. The lo
comotive pilot hurled the woman Into
the street and prevented her from be
ing killed. She was taken .... to her
home, 151 Second street, where Dr.
J. F. LdUey attended her. Mrs.
Francis was cut about the head
and suffered internally, but the physi
cian cays fcis patient will recover.
With eight children living, the eldest
20 years of age and the youngest only
5, her husband a cripple, the rent due
and no money in Eight, the woman
gave way to her despondency and de
cided to end her earthly troubles. She
had worried herself sick because
neighbors had said, so she had heard,
that the family was unfit to receive
county help. That depressed the
mother so much that last night the
culmination of her woes came when
she learned that after sh« had punish
ed one of the little ones the child was
innocent of the offense of which a
neighbor had complained.
"That so discouraged me," said the
woman to-day, "that I felt as if I
could live no longer. I dressed myself
and went out to end it all."
Mrs. Francis' husband is a long
shoreman. Five of her offspring ar«
dead.
Famous Band Conductor Be
holds Unique Caricature
of Himself in Uniform
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Shoots Himself at Hotel Mer
ritt When Landlady Re
fused Cash for Medicine
One California Breeder of
Goats Captures Twenty-
Five Prizes at World's Fair
Other Stories of Marital
Shipwreck Told in the
Courts by -the Mismated
DOTATION OF SOUSA
WANT HIGHEST HONOES
SHE WANTS A DIVOECE
STANDS BEFORE MEREOE
Pilot Saves Life of Woman Who Made Mad
Plunge With Suicidal Intent
V. E, Stowe of Missouri Com
mits Suicide After Trying
to Pawn His Eevolver
Wife, Turns a Deaf Ear to
Tale of an Enoch Arden
Husband Who Keturned
Sacramento Will Appeal Ver
dict of St. Louis Jurors
on Vegetable Exhibit
Skull and Keys Initiation
Ceremonies on University
Campus Provide Sport
HURLS HERSELF
ON THE TRACK
ABSENCE KILLS
HER AFFECTION
MONEY DENIED,
HE ENDS LIFE
MEDAL AWARDS
CAUSE PROTEST
PRANKS PLAYED
BY NEOPHYTES
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1904.
6
FREE — — ; FREE FREE
::'" •"•". •'.:•¦' WITRV: V
call : '
.;.•;;.;; ¦want-ads.;;.; 7 ;\.
Your Choice of Two Premiums,
' -. ¦¦-¦"'". '.-'./ySS^
—LIGHTNING : BREAD and—
r-T~rr ¦ CAKE^KNIFE i /.[ . "¦
! r . : '-. S> ¦•'¦ ¦"- or- a 1 '¦'/¦ ':¦-- :
":';..'/: : [ . nut set*
(Six, Nut "Picks "; and a Crack.)
See Small' 'Ad. \ Page /for. Fur r "
BRAXCH-OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083-
BER IvELEY.
«14S Center StreeU
Telephone Xortli 11.
AJLA3EED2L
14S5 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda »5».»
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
The
Chocolate Girl
TELLS THE STORY
¦—"»—"— ———¦——" — — —— — — — — — —
TRADE MARK
You will find her on every genuine
JLfAIVjlI\ t3
Breakfast Gocoa
THE FINEST IN THE ; WORLD
V^ii HIGHEST AWARDS;:
¦ -L in Europe " end America
Walter Baker& Go. Ltd.
EsubUshed 1760 . Dorchester, ¦ II ass. .
¦ ••.." . 1
Are You Interested in the Condition of Your
jTEETH?
Do you want them ,. to * look well and %•.
work "well? To b« free- from* paint To'
be out - of . your • mouth if they have?
passed beyond usefulness? To.be filled',
with a permanent composition tt.de- r (
cayed? Do you want to have the neces- t
sary IBsssssWBssBsBBssssBssBWB! ; .1
'- DBNTAU WORK :¦
Done '¦"• at moderate 'cost? If you do,
come to ft
PosHGradoate Dental College, |
3 TATI.0*'STH,*aAir TBAJTCXSCO.'* •
973 Waahiasrtoa St, Oakland.
8sa 'Jos*' : .\9 '¦ . :"m :¦ • 8*cr»m«ato.
I^MHMMlSSBjHSBBHDSSHSSBhMMMK^iMlUnited ' States ? Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at- Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay.. Published by official authority of the
.,-'¦ Superintendent. . '-"¦'.%*¦'¦ .' , .
NOTE — The high and low -.waters occur at
the city front: (Mission-street wharf) about 28
minutes later than : at Fort ' Point ; -_ the ; height '
of tide is the came ; at r both ' places."". • -y [~ ¦¦:;'. '-
' SATURDAY.; OCTOBER V 22.^ . \' ,
ia» ri*^ ..........;.. -..'...^....v..':..V.«ia9 i
l__^aaBSs«sUHBBBB*SBHBSnHBsa*B»SBBHBsaMSa]SsBML
Stan* Moon' and .Tide.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. . 8. N., Mer.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. CaL,
October 21. 1 1904.
The ' Time Ball " on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1 eat noon ' of the 120th meridian, or at S
Ji Greenwich tlm«: - J. C. BURNETT.
. - Lieutenant, * U. ; 8. N.; ; in charge.
Time Ball.
XoUce i to Passengers.
';" Baggage transferred ] to; and " from? all , trains',
steamera/r etc, " at low : ratee;V One \ trunk t(sin
gle"" trip) 35 : cents ; I 'round 'trip* 50 "cents. 1 * Morton
Special ¦ Delivery, i 308 %Taylori str 1 .*- 650 • Market
njL, Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 46*
PAXTON CASE TRANSFERRED. — A
change of venue - to Santa Rosa, the t hom« of
the wealthy -Bllts W.^ Paxton,*. whose son,, John
A.i Paxton.v Is , suing. him ; for maintenance." was
granted yesterday a by, Judge Troutt.- Young
Paxton .; is totally ; blind and ' an Invalid. He
lives! In 'this city with bis mother, Bessie Pax
ton, who was divorced* from the capitalist some
years 'ago ' - In his complaint he said that he
demanded' $100 a month for his support.
, $10,000 , reward will ,- be y*M ' to any . person
who : has « ever; presented , one" of ¦ our : prizes • at
our office and' was refused payment, - ¦•
Following are the capital prizes as decided
by the Honduras National Company, Saturday
October 15. 1904: No. 10036 wins $7500. sold
In San Francisco." Cal.;. No.: 86149 wins $2000
sord In Petaluma.' Cal.; No. 27791 1 wins $1000
sold - in . San - Francisco.-. Cal. ; No. 71426 wins
$300. sold in Los Angeles. Cal.; No.; 43292 wins
$200. sold in San ¦'- Francisco. Cal. ; ¦ No. 93S25
wins 5260." sold In San Francisco, ' Cal.
. All » prizes ; of • this company are paid ; in • full
Immediately ; on presentation at the office of
the 'company,": San'; Francisco.' -.;. :; . •
TO THE PUBLIC: BEWARE of COUNTER
FEITS ! 1 ¦. All : genuine : tickets "of this com
pany have initials i'.'R- G. CO." on faces and
monogram :"'R. : ;.G.:.C." on: backs thereof. •:-". .
ORGANIZED MAY. 1000.
The IiOuisiana R. G. Company of San
Francisco.
WRECKAGE.
Captain George W Brown of the steamer
Ban Jose reports to the Branch r Hydrocraphlc
Office that at 12:45 p. m. October 19. looi.
Trhen elx miles west <trce) from Point San
Pedro, he saw a. schooner's mast with rig
ging attached. Lo«r«r part of the roast painted
white. Judging from the looks of mast It had
Notice to Mariners.
APPROXIMATION FRIZES.
100 numbers from, 10886 to 100S6 Inclusive,
being 60 numbers on each aide of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30,000—440.
100 numbers from StiOSO to 86199. Inclusive
being 50 numbers on each side of th« number
drawing the capital prize of $S0CO— $24.
ICO numbers from 27741 to 27341. inclusive,
being 5O numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prise of $4000— $16.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 36. being the two
last figures of the number drawing the cao-
Ital prize of $30.C0O— $8.
9S9 numbers ending with $49. being th* twi»
last figures of the number drawing tbe »*o
ond capital prize of 580CO— $S.
. The subscriber, having supervised the tlngta
number drawing, class **K,*' Honduras Na
tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
the above are the numbers which wer« to-day
drawn from the 100,000 placed in the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them. . Witness
my hand at Puerto Cortex, Honduras. C A.,
this Saturday. October 15. 19O4. (Signed)
W. S. CABELL, Commissioner.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH 0B»
. " FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
NEW YORK. August 18. 1904.
Daniel Hassetbacb and Ulrteh Thlele, being
duly sworn, depose and say that they are the
true and bona-flde owners of one-el«hta '
ticket. No. 12948, class H, of the Honduras
National Lottery Company, which ticket won
the first capital prize of thirty thousand dol
lars at tbe drawing held on Saturday August
15. 1904, at Puerto Cortes. Honduras, C. A.,,
and we received the money In fall.
MAX WXTSTROW,
Notary Public, N. Y. Co.
(Signed) DANIEL HASSELBACH.
X7LRICK THIELE. r
18000 FOB $»— WHOLE OF SECOND CAS«-
XTAI. PRIZE.
State of Massachusetts. City of Boston.
Frank Myrtck, being duly sworn, deposes
and says he resides at 415 Columbus avenue,
city ' of Boston. State of Massachusetts, and
that be la the rightful owner of on* whole
ticket. No. 831S7, of the Honduras National
Lottery Company, which drew the second cap
ital prix« In the drawing held at. Puerto Cor
tes, Honduras, C. A.. September 10. 1904. and*
that the amount of said prize, eight thousand
dollars ($S000) was paid In tall without dis
count, on presentation to the representative of
tbe company.
Sworn to and ¦ subscribed bef or* m« tnls the
21st day of September. 1904.
ALBERT GARDEAU. Notary Publlo.
, (Signed) FRANK MTKICK.
$2000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF THIRD CAP
ITAL PRIZE. ,-
DETROIT. Mich.. September 27. 1904.
Frederick Vleson. of the city .of Detroit.
State of Michigan, being duly sworn, deposes)
and says that he is the bona-flde owner of
half-ticket number 65173, which number drew
the third capital prize of four thousand dol
lars - ($4000). Honduras . National Lottery Com
pany, In the drawing held at Puerto Cortes,
Honduras, C. A., on Saturday. September 10,
1904. '.,~.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. a No
tary Public this 27th day of September. 1904.
JOHN B. SEVALD. Notary Public. .
(Signed). FREDERICK .VTESOX.
$1000 FOR $1— ONE-HALT OP FOURTH
CAPITAL PRIZE,
NEW, YORK. September 26. 1904.
To whom It may concern: I herewith make
affidavit that I purchased and am eole owner
of one-half ticket. No. 23702. of the Honduras
National Lottery Company, which number won
the fourth capital prize of $2000 In the draw
ing held at Puerto Cortez. Honduras, C. A..
on Saturday, September 10, 1904.' Witness.
CHAS. E. WHITLOCK; 141 Broadway. N. T..
National Express, Company.
(Signed) itfcMMttfjfJ 'HUGH HALL. .
' Origtxals of foregoing affidavits held by
President of Honduras National Lottery Com
pany (L. A. State Lattery Company).
Our ship was delayed forty-eight hoars by
severe storms In ' the Gulf of Mexico, whlcii
accounts for the lateness of publication of
this list.
- ©AVIS' • FINE REMITTED.— Secretary Met
calf of the / Department of Commerce and
Labor has remitted . the fine of $600 . Imposed
upon Captain W. Davis, master of: the British .
ship Dltton, for breaking the customs seals on
his vessel. ¦ Customs Collector ' Strattott had re
ported .that ho did not think , there had beea
; any ¦¦ intention of defrauding the revenue. ' -
/ ESTABLISHED: JANUARY, 1SS7
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC
Owing; to the fact that numerous schemes
are placed before the public from time to
time, we would respectfully call the atten
tion of purchasers of tickets to buy only from
responsible agents and to -see that their tick
ets read as follows: ' . , .- .
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY. OF SAN FRANCISCO.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 18S7.
Each coupon has th« Initials _"M & F" on
the face and back of the ticket
The following are the capital prlxes as de
cided by the Honduras National Company Oc
tober 15. 1004: No. 10036 wins $750oTsoid in
San Francisco. Cal.; No. 86149 wins $2000. sold
In San , Francisco. ¦ Cal. ; No. 27791 wins $ 1000.
sold « In • San ; Francisco. Cal. ; No. 71426 wins
$500. sold in San Francisco. CaL ; Nos 43"V'
and 93825 each win $250. «old In San" Fran
cisco. Cal.; Nos. 22563, 25560, 38144. 60S3S and
66370 each win $100, sold in San Francisco
Cal., and 8an . Luis Obispo, Cal -
The following capital prises were paid by
the above * M. & F. . Co. for September 10
1004: Collected by Crocker. Woolworth Bank
(per J. Egan, messenger) = for client - in San
Jose." Cal., $3760; John M. Kearce (cigar busN
?«?/' ,*" ourth ••n<* c P«rry streets, residence
155% Clara street, San Francisco, Cal . $1000-
John Meyer Fair Wind saloon), i
East street, San Francisco," Cal., . $1000- Wil
son Fields (automobiles). 49 City ifall avenue
San Francisco, Cal.. $500. . >v •"
The Original Little Louisiana Com
pany of San Francisco.
The German steamer Nlcaria of the Kosmos
1'ne. which sailed on Thursday for Hamburg
and way ports, carried an assorted merchan
dise cargo laden at this port and valued at
(43,667, to be distributed as follows : For
Mexico. $3010; Central America, $11,472; Ecu
ador. $7CS2; Pern, X&633; Chile. 11180; Ger
many. $11,118; Holland. $512. The following
were the leading exports.
To Mexico — 8 bbls flour. 130 gals 8 cs wine,
837 lbs meal. 20 cs whisky, 10 pkgs groceries
and prevision*, 036 lbs raisins. 61 pkgs pota
toes. 10 cs salmon. 1756 lbs dried fruit, 68
a earned goods, 376 lbs spices. 9160 lbs soda,
4 cs caps and fuse. 637 lbs rosin. 3 bale duck,
£9 pkg nails, 9 pkgs electrical suppllee. XO
I r.c* iron. 12 <-« paints, less lbs cement.
To Central America — 881 bbls flour. 1602 ctls
corn. 200 lbs raisins. 43,007 ft lumber. 204 pkgs
nails and eolkes. 230 eks coal. 32 tanks oil,
33 pkgs paints, 4872 lbs tallow. 26 cs gaso
line, & pes car material, leo cs coal oil. 17
pkg f acid.
To Ecuador— 820 bbls flour. 2700 gals wine,
35 c» canned goods. 20 eg paste, ©6 cs salmon.
12S0 lbs tea. 200 cs cartridges, 50 cs coal ell
12 cs gasoline. 24 pkgs oils. 3 bdls brooms
To Peru — 54.030 lbs malt, 2333 Ib« spices
2£) lbs hares. tS8 cs canned good*. 440 lbs dried
fruit. 60 gals wine. 1480 lbs lard, 12 pkgs table
preparations, 7070 lbs tallow, 6000 railroad
ties, 2 tiles leather. 63 bdls rope, 1109 bdls
etiooks. 4.V-0 lbs carbide, 4311 lbs grease 3
bales duck. 10 cs paints. 1000 lbs cyanide * 39
bdls pipe, 12 pkgs machinery.
Chile — 260 cs canned salmon. 88 es canoed
roods. 4 pkgs grooeries and provisions 600
lbs dried fruit, 1 bx soap. .
To "Germany — 076,8e8 lbs dried prunes, 16
cs canned goods.
To Holland— C5.000 lbs dried prunes.
Exports by the Kosmos Liner.
Mattrrs of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The trip T!M e E. Starbuck will proceed to
Newcastle. Australia. In ballast.
XEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The warships In the bay were decorated
yesterday for the expected arrival of Vice
President Corral of Mexico. . '-
Water Front Xotes.
The gasoline schooner Bessie K. which put
into Bowens Landing with engines disabled,
arrived yesterday from that port In tow of th«
US Dauntless.
The steamers Bt. Paul and Portland have
f-aiied trora Nome bound for Seattle and Ban
Franclrco.
The Pacific Mail eteamshlp City of Peking
will sail fcr Panama to-day at noon.
TO ARRIVB.
Steamer. I From. I Dae.
Elizabeth Coquille River Oct. 22
Chleo Coquille River Oct. 22
Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 22
S. Barbara.... San Pedro Oct. 22
gan Pedro.... Humboldt Oct. 22
C Nelson J San Pedro Oct. 22
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Oct. 22
J. Hlgglns.... San Pedro Oct. 22
F. Legyett Humboldt Oct. 23
Chehaiis Grays Harbor Oct. 23
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 23
laqua Portland & Astoria Oct. 23
Breakwater. . . Coos Bay OcC 23
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 23
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 23
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 23
City Puebla. . . Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 23
Newburg Grays Harbor Oct. 24
Norwood Seattle Oct. 2*
Redondo Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 24
Centralia San Pedro ...« Oct. 24
S Monica..... Grays Harbor •-•• Oct. 24
Doric China tc Japan Oct. 24
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 24
Sequoia Willapa Harbor Oct. 25
G Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Oct. 23
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. Oct. 25
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma. Oct. 25
Alameda Honolulu Oct. 23
City Panama.. New York via Ancon.. Oct. 26
G W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 26
Corona Humboldt Oct. 26
Argo Bel River Ports Oct. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Oct. 27
Bonita Portland '& Way Ports. Oct. 2T
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt_ Arena. Oct. 27
Santa Kosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct, 27
Uma tilla J Puget Sound Ports, [Oct. :»
North Fork. .. Humboldt iOct. 31
Colombia Portland & Astoria |Ocf_ 31
Sierra i Sydney & Way Ports. Oct. 31
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham..!Oct. 31
Acapulco New York via Ancon.. |Nov. 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... | Nov. 2
TO BAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 22.
Elizabeth... Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 20
W. Kruger. . Portland direct ... 1 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports.. 4 pm Pier 2
jeanie Seattle ft Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
Montara.... Seattle & Tacoma. 4 pm Pier 9
San Pedro... Los Angeles Ports. 7 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
Point Arena^Polnt Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonlta.....> Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City Peking. N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Aurella Actorlt & Portland 6 pm Pier 27
October 83.
S. Rosa Ban Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
F. Leggett.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
October 24.
Alliance.... Eureka A. Coos B. 11 am Pier 16
Redondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
S. Barbara. . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Centralia... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
E Monica. . . Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
.' October 35.
Chlco Coquille River Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt..Orfd Pier —
K. Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct. . 6 pm Pier 8
Pomona Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier »
China China & Japan.... 1 pra Pier 40
Algoa China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Eureka..... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
October 28.
Arctic Humboldt 8 am Pier 2
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 27.
City PueblaJ Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier B
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 28.
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
Norwood.... Seattle &' Tacoma. Pier —
Newburg.... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia..... Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
. . October 29.
Alameda.... Honolulu ......... 11 am Pier 7
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose. ... N. Y. - via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
October 30. „ _
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. S pm Pier 20
Urovember 1.,. •
UmatUIa.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE. ~~ ~~
¦""Steamer. . Destination. Sails.
Dolphin....... Ekagway.& Way Ports. Oct. 23
City Seattle.;- Skagway,& Way Ports. Oct. 21
Jefferson.....' Skagway & Way Ports.! Oct. 27
Farallon..;... Skagway & Waj' Ports.1 Oct.N 81
Santa Clara... Seldovla Ic -Way . J orts..|Nov. 1
The follo'wjng changes in masters have been
rca£e: Steamer Despatch. Weber, vice Leon
son; steamer Empire. Burtis. vice Maori nn;
eteamer Northfleld. Jamison, vice Bonifleld;
Ffanier Bonita. Lcland, rice Nicholson; steam
er Queer.. Cousins, vice Thomas; State of Cal
ifornia, Nicolson. vice Cousins.
Changes in blasters.
The reinsurance en the overdue ships Is
Jumplnr up toward the 100 per cent mark.
Yesterday the German ship Slrene, out 144
days from Liverpool to Valparaiso, went up 5
rer cent, making her reinsurance 75 per cent.
The British Fhlp Andreta, 121 days from Syd
ney to FaJmouth. went from 40 to 50 per cent.
Tte ship Rosaila d'AIl. 157 days from New
Caledonia u Delaware Breakwater, stands at
6 £>»r cent.
Increased Overdue Rates.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 21— « p.; m.
r«Ji^, following "maximum and mlnlmuni tem-
Ea?tern e *cl^: reW>rte<1 T * nr%0 » u *** trom
rJ^f*° •••••••• -«>-« Plttsbuir ...... .TMi
Ctadanau W-46 St. LouU 60-46
New Orleans ... T.72-6S
BAN FRANCISCO 78-60
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
la»t season and the rainfalls In the last twen
ty-four hours:
_ ' '- I*Mt This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka o.OO 4.34 3.27
Red Bluff o.OO 8.49 0.46
Sacramento o.OO 6.4T 0.12
San Francisco .... 0.00 7.45 0.17
Fresno o.OO 4.98 0.00
Independence 0.00 O.47 0.42
S. L. Oblspo 0.00 4.68 0.02
Los Angeles 0.00 1.13 0.43
San Diego 0.00 0.15 0.07
THE COAST RECORD.
*~ a K S O 2 "?
3 33 33 $Z H 5
STATIONS. I || |I 5§ |7 I
¦ c e ; '.: • fc ~s
. • ¦ • ' ,"¦*;.¦ ...'.••.'¦'-
Baker S0.28 CS 36 EE Clear .00 1
Carson S0.20 64 SO NE Clear .00 1
| Eureka 80. OS 72 62 W Clear .00 I
Fresno 30.02 78 48 S Clear .00 i
1 8. E. Farallon.30.05 78 63 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.12 62 20 E Clear l .00
Pocatello ....30.23 62 32 SW Clear .00
Independence .SO. OS 78 48 SE Clear '.00
Los Angeles.. 29. 90 92 58 SW Clear ' .00
Mt Tamalpais.80.0S 69 65 N Clear .00
North Head.. 30.02 80 54 SE Clear .00
Phoenix 29.83 86 62 NE Clear .00
Point Reyes.. 80.00 78 67 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.04 74 44 W Clear .00
Red BluS... 730.04 82 66 SE . Clear .00
Roseburg 30.08 72 46 NW Clear .00
Sacramento ..30.O4 76 62 E . Clear .00
Salt Lake SO. 28 68 34 W Clear .00
San Fraaciaco.30.04 78 60 NW Clear .00
S L. Obispo..29.94^ 90 66 N Clear .00
San Diego 29.86 04 64 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.12 58 42 NW Cloudy .00
Spokane 80.28 66 36 E Pt.Cldy .00 1
Tatooeh 29.98 CO 52 E Clear .02
Walla Walla. SO. 18 76 44 S Clear .00 i
! Wlnnexnucca .30.24 68 80 NB Clear .00
Yuma 23. SS 90 66 N Clear .00 1
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Warm weather continues In California and
afternoon temperatures along the coast from
Point Conception southward reach 90 degrees
or higher.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
Th* pressure Is beginning to fall rapidly at
Tatoo6h Island and an east wind with * veloc
ity of 48 miles Is reported.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, October 22:
Northern California — Fair Saturday, becom
ing cloudy at night; cooler; light southerly
wind, changing to westerly.
Southern California — Fair Saturday: not so
warm; light southwest winds.
Nevada — Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
light westerly winds; not no warm.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
not so warm: light southerly winds.
Sacramento— Fair Saturday; light east
winds. i \ i>£
Fresno— Fair Saturday; light southerly
winds.
A- G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
The ete&mer Northland, with her hull re
paired, sailed yesterday for Astoria and Port
land. She Is In charge of Captain Jamison
smd a new mate la place of Captain Bonlfield
and Fir»t Officer HedvaH. who recently ran
the vessel on the racks In Monterey Bay.
Bonifleld lost his license for six months be
cause he set the wrong course, and Hedvall
lost his papers for all time because he fol
lowed that course even when he knew the ves
sel was cteatnlng to disaster.
Repaired Nortiiland Sails.
Tiro Tin Roofers Injured.
Two tla roofers wer« taken yesterday morn
lcg to the Harbor HoeplUl from the corner of
liotstreanerr and Cbestnit streets suffering
*ith broken limb* aztd Internal injuries. The
tnen. whose names are Edward Guy, living at
S13 Natocaa street, and George Cambridge of
S3 Elila street, were at work on the roof of a
r.ew building, when they had the misfortune
to Blip and fall through an open skylight. Guy
tried to hold bis companion back and both
toppled over the frame of the skyllrht and
<rori>ed thirty feet to the floor below. Cam
bridge sustained a fracture of the right leg,
sever* ccntusion of back and Internal Injuries.
Guy received a fracture of the bones of the
right foot and contusions of the right shoulder
and the neck. He probably Is Injured lnter
tULlly.
Friday. Oct. 21:
Stmr F a Kllburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rodrers. -
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 27 hours froai Eureka.
Stmr Homer, Donalds :n, 40 hours from San
Pedro. - .
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, 26 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Arco, Dunham, 23 hours from Eel
River.
Schr Bessie K. Stark. 9 hours from Bowens
Landing. In tow cf tug Dauntless. ¦
Tug Dauntless, Shea, 9 hours from Bowens
Landing, with «chr Bessie K In tow.
CLEARED.
Friday, Oct. 21.
Stmr Bonita, Iceland, San Pedro and way
ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
£tmr Northland,. Jamleson. Portland; E J
Dodge Company.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way ports: Pacific Coaat Steamship Company.
Stmr Queen, Thomas. Victoria. B C, etc;
Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Br itmr WelllUKton, Cutter. Ladysmlth, B
C; Western Fuel Cttmnany.
- SAILED.
Friday, Oct. 21.
Stmr F A KUburn, Thompson, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Magzie, Easles, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Alcatraz. Olsen. Point Arena.
Stmr Ntrthland, Jamleson, Portland. -
.Stmr Gipsy. Gray, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Jeanle. Bartlett. Seattle and Tacoma.
Stmr Empire. Burtts, Coos Bay.
Stmr Shasta, Hansen, Bellinirham.
Stmr Aberdeen. Hansen. Portland.
Br ship Wanderer. Dunning, Seattle.
Fr'bark Duchesse de Berry, D« Kermoal,
Queenstown.
Schr Excelsior. Trudgen, Willapa Harbor.
Schr John A, Olsen, Eureka. » ; - V
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 21. 10 p m— Weather
hazy and calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr San Gabriel,
for San Pedro, via Eureka; ochr Lily, for Sa*n
KranclBco.
EUREKA — Arrived Oct 21 — Stmr Alliance,
from Portland, via Coos Bay; ptmr San Ga
briel, from Umpqua River, for Sari Pedro;
stmr Eureka, hence Oct 20.
Sailed Oct 21— Schr Azalea, for Redondo.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct 21 — Stmr Se
quoia, for San Francisco: bktn Echo, for San
Francisco. -
PORT HARFORD — Sailed Oct 20, midnight —
Stmr Santa Cruz, for San Francisco. Oct 21,
noon — Stmr Robert Dollar, from Mukllteo, for
San Pedro.
BELLINGHAM— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Nor
wood, for San Francisco.
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived Oct 20. 6 p m—
Stmr Newsboy, hence Oct 18.
REDOXDO — Arrived Oct 21 — Schr Minnie A
Caine, from Tacoma:' bark Louisiana, from
Port Blakfcley. . . ¦ ,, .••¦¦.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr
State of California, for San Diesro.
Arrived Oct 21— Stmr State of California,
hence Oct 20 for San Diego.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Robert
Dollar, from Mukllteo; bktn Skaglt. from Port
Gamble; schr J W Cllse. from Port Blakeley;
stmr Coos Bay. hence Oct 18.
Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Coos Bay, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Acm«. from Eureka.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Oct 2O.'.' : .-V- ? ''
TATOOSH— Paused In Oct 21— Br ship So
koto. from Hongkong, for Port Angeles.
Passed out Oct 21 — Chil bktn Alta. from
Port Gamble, for Manila. ¦
Passed out Oct 21— Bktn Northwest, from
Port Hadlock. fof San Pedro.
COOS BAT— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Break
water, hence Oct ll>.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 21— Br ship Eeka
sonl. for Queenstown; Br ship Hartfield. for
Queens town.
Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Geo W Elder, hence
Oct 19.
. TILLAMOOK — Arrived Oct 20— Schr Glen,
hence Sept 28.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Oct 21,3 p m— Stmr
TVestport. from Weetport, for San Pedro; 5:45
p m— 18 miles northwest, stmr Whittier, with
bktn Fullerton in tow, from Portland, for
Gaviota. ¦¦¦..-
NOME — Sailed Oct 20-Stmr St Paul for
Seattle; stmr Portland, for Seattle.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed. Oct 21— Stmr
Marahfield. for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 21— rj S stmr Paul
Jones, for Magdalena Bay.
EEL RIVER— Sailed Oct 20. 8 p m— Stmr
Argo, for San Francisco, via Shelter Cove
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 21. 3:30 p m— Stmr
Olympic, from Bellingham.
GRAYS ¦ HARBOR— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr
Santa Monica, for San Pedro: stmr G C Lln
dauer, stmr Newburg, schr 'Henry Wilson and
schr Sailor Boy, ' for San Francisco: schr G
W Watson, for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Nevadan.
for Kahului; bark Mohican, for San Fran
cisco; *tmr Ros«cran«, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
CAPE HENRY — Passed Oct 20— Br «tmr
Cralgn^uk, from Colon, for Norfolk.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 20— Br stmr In
draMinha, for Slngaoore.
" FOREIGN PORTS. V\.
VICTORIA — Sailed , Oct 20 — Stmr Cltr of
Pnebla. for San Francisco.
CHEMAINUS — Sailed Oct 20— Chll bark Ad
miral Tesetthoff, for Antofagasta.
BARBADOES — Arrived Oct 10— Br bark
Shakespeare, from Huanchaco, and sailed for
New York Oct 12.
ANCON — Arrived Oct 9 — Stmr Barracouta,
hence Seat 17. and sailed for San Francisco
Oct 18. I.;.* .
COLOMBO — Arrived Oct 17 — Oer stmr Aug«
burg. from Manila. ¦
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 19— Br ship Ver
bena, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. AUS— Sailed Oct 18— Fr bark
Gael. f6r San Francisco.
' HAVANA — Arrived Oct 21 — Stmr Buenos
Ay res. from New York. :
SYDNEY — Arrived prior, to Oct 21— Br bark
Adderly. from Pert TOwnnend. ¦; ,
LIZARD— Passed Oct . 21 — Br «hip Hougo
mont, from Tacoma. '' for Falmouth.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr CltT of
Panama, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL, — Arrived Oct 21 — Stmr Prin
cess Irene, from i New , York. ¦-.
: MARSEILLES — Arrived Oct 21 — Stmr " Si
cilian Prince, from Naples, 'etc.. In tow. iv
PALERMO — Sailed. Oct- 16— Stmr Kortlck,
from Trierte, etc, for Newi York.
COPENHAGEN— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr United
States, from ' New York. ~ .
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Cana
dian, for. Boston. Oct 21 — Stmr. Georxlc. for
New York. - 1^****^!^;"****^— lTi***i(.rjlnTlii' liUliHu^ainV
LONDON— Sailed. Oct 20— Stmr : Minnehaha,
for New York. Oct 21 — Stmr Hungarian, for
Montreal; stmr Columbia, for Boston.,
Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Cambrian. " from
Boston: ¦ . -
MOVILLE— Sailed '.. Oct 21— Stmr .Astoria,
tram Glasgow. ; for : New York; ' stmr Bavarian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.' - ; ~ .
AVONMOUTH— Sailed Oct i 21— Stmr : Tur
eoma, for Montreal.
i QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Cym
i rlc, from - New York, for Liverpool, s-nd pro
ceeded. . ¦ . : ' ' - : . ' .-¦.' : .
i PLYMOUTH— Arrived - Oet 21— Stmr : Hani
burg. • from - N«w : ¦_ York \ and Cherbourg . and
Hamburg, and proceeded. ,_v
Memoranda. -
> Schr Bessie »K was towed from Bowens
Landing to . San Francisco * by * tug , Dauntless
on^mccount of machinery being disabled. -
VICTORIA; Oct 20— Br ship Haddon Hall at
this port, goes on ways here to be overhauled
LONDON. Oct 20— Br stmr.Heathcralg from
Batavla, tor Delaware Breakwater. ', grounded
•when . entering ,' Port - Said."" ' Has • since * floated
j and. arrived." and will, be ; surveyed. ".
ARRIVED
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Eun lets 5:24
Moon sets < ......4:32 s, '.m.
O iTime |TIm«i JTIme! JTlmel .
* f Ft. I- 1 Ft. f f Ft. f Ft
• |l w In w| \l. w| |k w|
22 3:38 1.3 10:17 B.I 4:21 1.1 10:50 4.6
23 4:13 1.8 10:42 6.1 4:53 0.8 11:32 4.6
24 4:45 2.0 11:02 5.2 5:25 0.5 ..........
HW iLW HW LW
25 0:14 4.5! 5:17 2.2 11:28 6.2 6:02 0.2
26 0:56 4.4 5:60 2.5 11:55 6.3 6:421 0.1
27 1:44 4.2| 6:28 2.7|12:30 5.2 7:271 0.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
6ny In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from, the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
i : The . considerately t awaited Mrs.
Clinton's return until the usual time for
luncheon ; arrived; without ; herrandjtheh"
'a^bencn^warrantTwiB| issued |"for| hUr
: Julia>i Clinton, ,. arrested on Fourth
street v and -charged with vagrancy/
failed to respond inTperson to' the calU
ing of her j naniej in Judge •* Mogan's
court, . but .;. another woman » appeared, ;
saying she had^b^en delegated by 'the
defendant to her, absence.
V'Mfs."^ Clinton : waited here 7 till ; half
past ' 10 \ o'clock,'!., she f said, "arid j, then*
she ' told ! me. to JJtay ," and ; tell ' the * J udge"
6he was^ going J to a ; bargai n sal e that
opened at ; 11 ; and : she wouldn't 'miss It
for anything, •. because^ some • of f the"
things she ' wanted be almost
given [away., Ijguessj^he'll^come'-back
as soon "as she can get what 'she
wants.",' "' : ."'>¦'"- '.
After the complaining policeman had
stated 'that Daniel; and: William .'had
not fractured the; peace to '¦ irreparable
extent, 'Judge ; Mogan dismissed ithern,
and ' they _,; simultaneously "plucked . their
forelocks-by-way of salute and .mur
mured, "Thank - your Washup."
"Koindly give ¦ me a chawnce," your
WashupV-' pleaded Daniel McCallum,
who. was 'arrested, with William Clif
ton, for disturbing the peace in a. sa
loon at Washington and ; Kearny
streets. "Me ¦; and me, matey. Bill, . are
'ard-wukkln'-lawds. Please let us down
heasy." , : . .
"Please do, . your, Washup," chimed
in Mr. .Clifton. "Me an* Dawny 'ere
are . foiremen ') haboard . th* Wellington,
an' she, clears; for. Laidysmlth to-mor
row ¦ morning. Kolndly ; give" two 'ard
wukkln lawds' a chawnce." ¦
"You are dismissed," said Judge Mo
gan to Roy Mills, tinsmith, convicted
of having cruelly neglected his wife
and three helpless children, "because I
cannot . send* you to prison "• without de
priving your family of sustenance and
thus punishing ; them also. « I ¦ hope , the
next Legislature' will make provision
for such cases as this. If , the Delaware
whipping post law were in operation In
California . it would give me extreme
pleasure to sentence you to a flog
ging."" ¦;. ' ¦¦. . - '. . •.. . r ; : ¦¦.¦¦¦
William Fox and Thomas Foyer,
young fellows, stole a box of tobacco
from • a wholesale house and j had the
plunder concealed in a sack when Pa
trolmen McCowan and Conlan over
hauled them on lower Sacramento
street. They got six months apiece
from Judge Cabanlss.
Elvira Croce, who was shot by Paul
Sassel one night about three weeks
ago on Montgomery avenue, has com
pletely recovered from the effects of
her wound and refuses to file a com
plaint against her assailant. Sassel
has also survived the bullet hole in
his head which he made immediately
after shooting the girl because she
declined to marry him. Patrolman J.
P. Herlihy has been instructed \ by
Judge Mogan to Sassel with
attempt to commit murder.
Fire Marshal Towe told Judge Canba
niss that in his opinion, formed after
exhaustive investigation, Mrs.. Julia
Duffy did not feloniously start the fire
that threatened to burn • down the
house in which she dwelt with her son
and his wife at 29 . Guy place. The
blaze was discovered by neighbors one
evening while Mrs. Duffy was alone in
the house, .the /other inmates Jiaving
gone to a theater. •. .While flames were
fiercely crackling in one apartment the
old lady was complacently seated in an
adjoining room, and when the danger
was averted her arrest was effected.
The Fire Marshal, however, failed to
find evidence of arson. The defendant's
son carried a $2500 Insurance ' policy
on the' house and furniture. Judge
Cabanlss dismissed the charge of arson
against the woman.
Political ardor elevating the spirits of
the male parent and neighborly sym
pathy depressing the soul of the moth
er were the causes of Mr. . and -Mrs.
Thomas Dolan's five minor children be
ing shamefully neglected. Undue in
dulgence in strong waters by both pa
rents, was also contributory to the piti
ful , plight in which Patrolmen Bruce
and Connolly found the little ones last
Thursday at the Dolan resi
dence, on Perry street, near Fourth.
The police were summoned by* resi
dents^ of the neighborhood, and when
they entered the house they found Do
lan, hilariously intoxicated,, the sole
custodian of a [ five-month-old infant
that was lustily crying for maternal at
tention. The older little ones were
complaining of hunger j and their ap
pearance verified all that the neighbors
had said concerning the unnatural con
duct of the parents. Dolan said that
he had been "electioneering" all day
and returned home to find his wife ab
sent and the children crying. Asked
where the woman was, he endeavored
to construct a coherent falsehood,' but
his sodden brain was unequal to ' the
task. Then one of the children said the
mother had departed early in the
morning to assist in the obsequies of
an acquaintance and had" neither come
back nor sent notification of when she
would come back or where she could
be found. Dolan and the children were
taken to the City Prison, where the
man was charged ', with -cruelty to a
minor child and his offspring were
placed In custody of the matron. Up
to noon yesterday the mother had not
returned to her home, nor had the po
lice been able to . find her. ¦ Judge Mo
gan* continued the case against the
father till next Monday, by- which time
his consort will probably be sharing his
captivity.
Dolan was a minor politician of some
note during the, last two municipal
campaigns. He was appointed a jani
tor at the Hall of Justice, but neglected
his duties and was dismissed. The po
lice say' that if he would let politics
alone and devote his time to more
profitable tasks his wife might be a
better mother. While he pursues some
Ignis fatuus of politics her toil sup
ports the household, and her lapses
from maternal duty are the protests of
an overburdened soul.
While the policemen were telling
their story* in" Judge Mogan's court the
defendant -laughed hysterically and
otherwise acted so Irrationally as to
create doubt of his sanity. He was
sent to the Lunacy Commissioners for
examination.
John Ryan, who manufactures and
mends human footgear in the basement
of 1080 Howard street, made such , a
"rough < house" of his workshop last
Thursday evening that Mrs. Trltoch,
residing overhead, summoned Patrol
men Kruger and Brown to quell the
racket.. When the officers entered the
cellar they found Mr. Ryan dancing
like a dervish, howling like a coyote on
short rations and bombarding the walls
and telling with old shoes and lasts
and boot-trees and other missiles. They
experienced some trouble in subduing
him.
James J. Davis, accused of malicious
mischief, testified that when he entered
a Howard street saloon and ordered a
drink of whisky the bartender, Gerald
Donovan, invited him to drink with
some ladles.. Not being a ladies' man.
Mr. Davis declined the invitation and
laid a quarter of a dollar upon the
counter to pay for his sc-litary drink.
Mr. Donovan picked up the coin,
chucked.it into the till and refused to
give Mr. Davis the fifteen cents change
to which he was entitled. That started
the argument that terminated in Mr.
Davis smashing things and being ar
rested. He will be sentenced to-day.
. • .
Hazel Damon, a young domestic from
Berkeley, who fiercely fought Patrol
man Orr when he arrested her last
Saturday evening for drunkenness and
disturbing the peace on O'Farrell
street, was pronounced guilty of both
offenses and will be sentenced to-day.
Her demeanor in court was sullenly de
fiant and the only defense she offered
was the testimony of Al Morris, night
clerk at the Hotel Franklin, who said
he had known her about five weeks and
did not regard her as a disorderly char
acter.
• • •
Mrs. Margaret Werner, widowed
mother, of two pretty little girls, was
cleared of the charge of selling liquor
without a license in her grocery at 61
Tehama street. She declared that the
policeman who arrested her was in
plain clothes when he entered her store
and plteously begged for a drink of
whisky to quella stomachic cramp that
had, suddenly seized him, that she
handed him a small vial of the desired
liquor and that he then laid a dime
upon the counter, which she declined
to accept: If the same trick were again
attempted, she averred, it would prob
ably be successful, as she could not re
fuse to relieve apparent human suffer
ing.
• • •
Charles Matthews, a white-haired
youth, -• had five live chickens in his
possession when Patrolman Stein over
hauled him early yesterday morning on
Twenty-fourth street and as he could
not give satisfactory explanation of
how the poultry and he happened to be
together, he- was arrested. He told
Judge Mogan ; that the ¦ birds belonged
to his father, a rancher on the Mission
road, "and ,that he brought them to
town to sell them. Case continued for
investigation.
• « •
capture and the hearing set for Oct
ober 31.
The Servia brought down from Kar
luk 48,600 cases of salmon and the Star
of Italy, which arrived from Pyramid
Harbor Thursday, had on board a
cargo of 42,115 cases of salmon.
The Japanese employed In the fish
eries became enraged at their boss. K.
Amoto, and with that true Japanese
ferocity which is now being exhibited
on the battlefields in Manchuria pro
ceeded to butcher their countryman.
The unfortunate man was assaulted as
he Elept and brutally stabbed to death.
It was a savage as well as cowardly
act. Twenty knife stabs were found in
the dead man's body. The murderers
were arrested and taken to Valdez for
•raminaxlon. The Japanese quarreled
over the wages due the men.
Hie bark Servla, which arrived
Thursday evenlcgr from Karluk with a
cargo of salmon, brings down from the
north a story of murder, committed
among: the fishermen.
FATHER IN JAIL AND MOTHER IS SOUGHT
Policemen Rescue the Babes
¦-¦.¦¦¦•¦_.. ¦ . ' ,';: : .''': ; .'f-: rt - " " -' ¦ '"'¦'¦ '¦*:'¦.-¦' •. ' . j '..
Parents Carouse;
Children Suffer
Two Tinroofers Fall
Thirty Feet, Being
Seriously Injured
NUyVVBtERS
— of the—
Honduras National Lottery Co
PATENT APPLIED FOR. .
Single Numbers Class "K" Drawn at
; Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, October 15, 1904.
No. Frixe. No. Prlxe. No. . PrlxeT
82..... 40 228 40 682 40
783..... 80 759..... 16 7S0 18
1025 . 16 1119. 16 12CS..... 24
1351 40 ie:3..... 16 1620..... 40
1631..... 40 1716..... 16 1S57 ' 1«
18B3..... 120 1924..... 'M 1903 '18
2160 16 2247 40 2317 40
233B.V... 40 2422..... 16 2423 24
2375..... 80 2920 24 2970 18
2092..... 16 3068 24 3C81..... 16
3277:.... 24 3338..... 16 3387..... 16
3518 . 40 3553 24 3558 16
3378 SO 3714. 16 372C 24 I
3755..... 24 3844 16 3953. ...> 16]
3S*63 " 16 4075 24 4077..... 16 I
4188..... 16 4295 16 4415 24 I
4631. 24 4K84 SO 4S45....T. 16
4902A... 24 1 5097 80 5149 16 I
5231:.... 16 5552 24 5614 16}
5675 • 16 5S38 24 5859..... 16 1
f>S64 40 5867 16 5954....: 16'
6054 16 0160 40 6267 161
?348..... 24 «352 24 6368....*. 24:
«461 16 CC7S..... 24 6772..... 18'
r«85..... 401 M38 . 16 7105 24
7241 24' 7303 . 40 7396 16
7411 40 75C9 40 7C33 16
7712. ..r. 40 7S70 40 7877 <16
7882 40! Ti»i:{ 24 8271 40 |
8701..... 16 8706 24 8765..... 12O j
87U8..... 40 9020 16 9128 80
0226 U362.- 80 9411 24 !
0500 1C 0517 24 0519 120 i
9361;.... 16 95S4..... 16 9594..... 40 j
003S..... 1« Otiltt 24 9S95 40 1
9fll8 401 9934 24 9l»75J 8O
}I985 24H0065 16 10333 24
10353..... 16)10417 16 10711 40
10011..... lGi 10936 30C00 10961 40
11061 24111111 16 11113..... 40i
11225..... 24111536 16(11615 8O I
11633 24!11<;S3 16|11819 401
11844..... 40 11802..... 12 12106. ..T. 40> 1
12321. 80(12332 1«!12368 16
12472. 16 12 491 ." 16 12321 ." 18 I
.12544. 120 123S3 . 16 12635 18 i
1-.W80 16 12f^3 24 12790..... 18 1
13147 8C 13311 24 13638 • 16 |
13688...:. 1613699 16 13702 16 i
13724 16 13740 ' 24 13757 24
13882 24 13910 40 14269 80 '.
14291..... 2*14306 80 14336 16;
14411 16 14*540 16 14748 24!
14S71 10 14928 le 14929 40 !
1ZUM 16 13144 40 15437...... 40 1
13514 40 15733 24 15963 24
16059 40 160K3 16 16174 24
161119 16 162S9 24 16312 16
16451 40 16590 16 16«O4 16'
16C47 16 16796 16 1K8O7 8O ;
16838. .8017337 24 1736H 40 |
17402 . 24 17496 40 17515 24!
17U37 . 24 17776 24 17088 24 I
18011 40 18C51 24 18069 40'
1S101 40 18204 80118231 24 i
18272.... .• 16 18522 40118584 4O
16672.' 16 1S735 80|1912S 40:
19155 16119119 24119461..... 241
19491 '16 19404..... 40 19555..... - 18 !
10.-92 16 19079 40119876 ,24!
10911 16J19956 40120123 24;
202C8 40,20290 16 20332 24
20333 40|20«34 40 20669 16!
2C886 16120951 40 21007 24 j
210fU 24!210e8 40 21264..... 24;
2140H 4021555 16(21539 V 24;
21575 16121633 18'21«536.... . 18
21646. ' 16121661 18 21705 16!
21713..... 24 21795 40 21845 16 1
21871..... 24 21902 40 22108 24 1
22135 24 22197 8022259..,.. 24
22369 120225S3 4OO|2275O..... 18 ;
22983 1623C63 24 23078 16
23127 16:23340 40|23439 24
23497 • 16123522 40123674 4O
23741..... 24 23778 18 23918 18
23949 40.24009 24 24041 16
24073 ' 18 24109 16 24211 16
24241..... 16i24273..... 16 24312 40
24384 16124373 24 24301 SO
24512 24|24«23 1«|24724..... 16
24738 24 25085 16J23127 18
25194..... 12o!25413 24J23414 4O
! 2545U 16I2S569 40n|25»8« 24
• 2»»19 ! 4028334 18|2«388 16
; 2H436 24 26718 16 26848 ¦ 24
! 2C009 1027045 4o!27O82 24
; 27231 1627363 24]27375 18
27428.,... 40127512..... 16:27553 16
27624 16(27704..... 24127714....." 16
! 27791 40O0127860 40l'J7945 4O
28C22..... 24128137 24128301 16
28563..... - 16128601..... -' 16'2S6t4.. ... 4O
! ,2S68S 40|2SfiOO 24 128789.....; 24
• 2S839 24 29136 24129182 -24
; 29286 80(29323 . .40)29455 .'.... ' -Zt
29540 16I29758..... 16|29775 80
| 29837..... 1C2!»!)O1. 16130032 18
[30125. 163O1BO 1630227."....- 8O
302«?5 16 30TJ18 16130428 «>
.30469 24 .imm 24 SCSCO 16
,30928 1631043 8031097 40
131141 40131143 24 31277 16
|31288 16)31350..... 80131358 16
,31636 16 31863 16 31888 24
31977 16132010...:. 4032176..... 24
! 32180 lfi(32225 80 32295 40
1 32302.;... 4OI3237» 1632387 16
32.'.21 1632721..... 16I328A3 18
83126 1«[331S3 80|3320« 24
33268..... 120 33371 16 33542 40
33566 16133397 16 33602...'.. /16
."CJ613 16133882 40 33883 40
I 33P26 16 339S7 16X1997 16
,34084 2434226 16 34510 40
R4537 4034S50 16 34967 . 24
35040 24J3MO4 40(35126 18
35158 24!3521»...^. 16 3S288. . .-.. ;16
35338 16135770 18 35838 24
36053..... 24 3B377 24 36417 24
3M96 1638527 16 36641..... ¦ 2t
36657 16 3(1765 24 36859 24
36936 16 37182 24 37290 24
37291 2437314 80 37438 40
37437 16 37637 ' 80I376C8 16
! 37672 24 138144. .... 400|3S264 40
|3S:*09..... 16138319 .' 120I3MUS..... 80
I 38757..... 16I38777 '.80139058 24
¦392<r7..... 40:»427 16139478...:. 18
139500 16 39337..... 16 39734 16
I 39700 24 39997 40 40193 24
140210 24 40362..... 24 40445 18
40351 16 40S54..... 120 4C863 24
40897 80 41039 24 41059.. ... 24
41060 1641111 1641156 1O
41211 , 24 41228: W> 41400 16
41412 16 41483 24 41511 24
41683 16 41707 16 41891 40
41933 . 16 42111 40 42151 24
42284 40 42312.....* 16 42411 16
42543 . 24 42590 40 42657 16
42689 S0I42740 40 42765 18
42861..... 16(42S»6 . 18142910..... 8O
j 425*15 .- 40(42903 24I43O42 16
143083 16 43292..... 1000J4330CI...... 40
] 43335 24 143375...... « 1«!*3654 18
! 43739 16)43775 . 24143961 18
44144 . 40144371 80(44430..... 16
44531 " 40' 44588 120144804 40
44S31..... 16 44925. 40 45089 24
43105 1645372 24 45677..... 18
45815..... 16 48157 24 40181..... 80
4U1BS 1646310 1646423..... ¦ 18
40521 24 46326..... 16 46615. 24
46691 S0 467S3 16 46S0O..... 24
4R922..... 16 40032 . 40 46885..... 16
47049 RO472$t..... 80 47303..... 16
47333..... 24 475*. 12047549 120
,47612 16 47649 80| 47701..... 40
47506 40 47727 16(47733..... 18
47026..... 40147975 16J48127 24
4X146 4OU8423 -16148483...... 80
4*6K9..... 16148700..... 24148732..... 10
48776 . 16148799 . 40|4«872 24
48883.:... M>i4SaO5 40J49073..... 24
49170..... 16 49370 24 49437..... 4O
40593. .... • '1849844..... 16149667 . 16
497U2..... 24(49029 16J50125 16
50206..... 16 50259 40;50379.:... 18
60422 24150484 24130304..... ; 16
50628.;... 16150543 80|50<M8 16
6O741...;. . 80:50702..... 245C838..... 400
SC893 24130004 120(50089 . . . . . - 24
50177 1651001:.... 8OI51100..... 24
61134..... 16 51146 24|31216 16
512!?9. .'.."."¦ --24151795;.... 16151838..... 40
C1H58..... 120151983..... 24(52112..... 40
M118..... 40152133..... 40132173..... 18
52217.' 16 32220..... 24 ! 32306 16
B2S92..:.. 24;52C23 16152630 16
62744..... .16IG2SOt..... 24J
62S56.-.V.. 24152984 16(53167 40
53217.. .. . 24 53308.- 24(53488. .24
5.-JS22 -24153383 24153623..... 24
53fiS7.....' 80153788..... 16I53SC8 .24
STiSOS..... .40) ' I- '
C4031 . 1HI54170 18154223 -120
E4357..... 16 1 54383..... 40'54454..... 80
34534..'... -40154545. .4.. 16154689....; 24
54710..... 40154774;...; 16155288..... 1«
65405..... 80 55439.'.... 16|5543«..... 18
55527..... 24 55541..... -40! 55571...-. -40
530C3.:... 4OB5R44..... 16 53«63...... 24
55711..... 24 53881..... 16 55934..... 13
5«046..... 8056068..... 24 56147:.... 16
5C192....". 16|6«288..... 24 56370. i... 400
5(H21..... . E 16 56484 ..... 40 56539 40
56561..... .16 56579..... 24 56623.;... 80
66637...'.. 24 56709..... * 24 50722..... 80
W.731.- 165fiOC7..... 1657003..... lg
67132 ..... 16 57229..... 40 37299..... 40
57334... V. 40[573Sfi.'.... 16 57455. .. ,v ie
67658..... 16 57720..... 40 57735 . 16
57038;.:.. 1« 3K?03. . . . . 24 38268 .-80
68332. .... 16 58559. .. . . 24 58617. .. . . 24
6S019..... ¦ :16 5W2S..... 18 58853..... 40
68704..:.. 24 58744...:. ' 40158836..... 16
68878...... 4058902..... 16159181.. ... 80
R035S.". . . . 24 593S5. .... 24l 59440. .'. . . 18
59521..... ' . 24 59R2O. . . . . 16I.VM523. 40
50C.79... 1 .. 16 59742.*.... 16 50748..... 40
508C8 . .16 50900..... 24 88960...... 24
69990..... 1C 00217..... 1« 00329..... 16
t»511..... 16 60618..... 16B0556.;;.. 16
60617. . ... 1G 60656. . ... 24 60677.-. ... i 80
«OC82..... ,24(60813. -.v::; 24 60959..... 16
60872..... . 16161108. r.V;> 24 61181..... 16
61159....; 1R'6121O . 1««121»..... 16
«1224..r.. 8OfC1240...... 24!6124»..... 16
61327.-.-..-.*- 16(61344..... 16'613S7...v. 16
01444;;...', 24 61457...... 16JB1814. .... 24
01951.:.*;.' : 24 62072;.... 24 62074.:... 18
€2209. ™V: •¦¦:,¦ 24 «2225."'.-r.: ' 16i623n:.... 24
62432, r. ; •.- <¦: 16i62439.'. ... 16 82538. ..... 24
:fi£S70....v" ; iol«iot 4. -;-.-.. so) «3O2» .-.;.. 40
63050.-.. •;;.' 120163080..... 16163113...... ; 40
No. Pri*e.|No. Prlxe.lNo. ' Trlx:
63133 lGlKUU 241(9423 40
63430 12063463 40 63710 18
83S2T 24
C389O..... 40«3918 8o'63940 38
«3973..... 40lfi4H0 l<t!fr«173..... ,16
64300..... SOjtUISl 40] 64503 18
5*5-"B 16164*41 I«;«W3 IB
5*302 24 64B13 18O466O 40
•*Ii 3 24 84728 24 84786..... 24
£*f>l - 40{«4837 40 651M 24
5ilS8 40I6WC4 lftleWSO 18 '
«5M8..... 24 65738..... 1663»14r.... 24
**£* 406606T 4056181..... 1C
££** ' 24 66320 24 6C339.'.... 18
SSJ^e 24 66536 16 66682 16
f;fj°2 24 66715 SOieeSCO 10
"*8? 24167045.:... 80167053..... 18
«i344 1687420 16|67428 16
«I«9 1667556 16J67383 18
«JS° 1667750 8O67S11 24
«**» 2497951 16168015 24
«f2J2 4ft!65«lO7..... 16188295 40
Cf33« 16:68338 4068474 2*
C84«S 8O6S479 24!8S515 18.
«8718 1668089 2»|69013 40
80313...... 4068319..... 24,69333 - 24
C83SS 4069429 16169443 40
S 504 18 69627 24J68649 18
C9i»2 16 60871 2*!es«97 2i
60971 24 70159 16 70191 1«
70448 1670683 24 70723 16
71017 24 71233 24 7129* 24
71303 24 71308 16 71428 2000
71556 80 71653 120 71T68 80
(71843 24 71045 16 72179 18
(72398 16,72421 80*72473... .. 40
I 72479 40J72492 40172660 .4.0
• 72708 80172730 16(72890 1«
73C04 40j73142 24173443 1«
736S6 16173717 12OI73719 24
73721 40173747 80(73915 18
74038 2474099 1G.7JU1 16
74105 1674196 16*74244 49
'74318..... 24J74421 16:74448 18
j 744S8 24I745C8..... 8C|74523 18
174714 16(74742 80(74923 16
.74328 8OJ749-J9 16 7406B 80
! 75003 16:75013 16173118..... 18
; 73251 40 75291 16 75464 -24
I 75523 1675622 16 75623 18
7&820 24 759=8 16 75W1 18
76O00 24(76028 16176133 24
76216 24176219 1SJ76319 18
I 76351 16176385 16tf<H10 19
•76477..... 24 76632 1CJ76C91 18
I 76S03 16i77056 80(77257 120
177288..... 40J77322 24J77324 40
.J7472 24177478 16:77493 SO
I 7752t5 24 77530 24177940 *>
77972 16 7*021 8O|79203 24
78274 24l7«2Sl 40:73355...... 40
73423 167S562 16:7See9 18
7S706..JW. 16 78728 16178748 40
78S36 24 78.945 16 73374 80
; 70033 16 70279 24:79303 16
179314 16(79369 24179378 18
794e9 16179661 80I7SKM5 21
179763 24]7a864 40.80061;.... .18
! 80101 24180182 16IS0247..... 21
180376 18I.S0400 16SCB51..... 16
;8C317 16I8OS8S 16i81CS6 2*
! 81136 16 81154 24181158 40
i 81367 24 8 1403 24I81421 18
81533 16181338 16 81541 18
'81C32 1681829 80'81918..... 40
; 81928 40182127 80-8228'* ... 18
i 82298 16:82332 16 S2479 80
; 82602 24 l J>2ttt6 80!82«45 18
i82695 24'82W»9 W)!S2767 SO
¦82811 16S2S89 40;8294)fl 18
182907 24:S3013 21JS3021 21
183039 16,'*3O75 24S3091 18
i 83155 1683246 24!S3294 40
i 83396 16183409. .... 24183470 24
•83597 24 83738 16 34009 SO
i 84038 24,84246 '. 16,S4a«<4..... 2*
184393..... 16I84447...... 16844S3..... 24
j8471T..'... 16J84776 12084803 16
! 85050 _ 120!832«l 16S33C0 21
: 85333...-;. . 16IS3358 16S3380 18
'85382 24'85364 4083633 8l>
,83772 4085847 401S6023 24
' 86C2B 16I8K048 24S8140 16
i SB149 80OO'NtU64 80|8rtl74. .... 4O .
86253 16ISM264 16186435 16
86734 80iS«753 8086860 1«
186891 '24:86981 16|.S7043 24
|870«5 24 87306 16IS73U ' 40
; 87327..... 24!87713 401S7719 18
187798 40 87842..... 16 87943 24
187949 40188079 16 RS112 16
i 88196 4OISK524 24 I SS651. .... 16
188858 40!«8872^... 1« 8S892 *¦*
J 89rt51 16;8D315 16'89322 40
89343 24:89398 16|89438 18
•89540..... 24:89541 16S9601 18
89«4S 80i8!W75 16IS9843 18
' 89889 2490001 24191)143 1*
90284 1619O425 24190438 24
90G36 16190554 24I9O729 18
.80791 16I90792 24|909*4. .... 8O
011»6 40191361 24,914«8 18
.91374 40|9ie58 40191639 10
91771 80J91S00 16101958 40
i 82229 40102530 16:!>2737 18
, 02908 16!03123 24;33262 40
93343 24'93352 40i935. s » 4O
¦ 03702 16!93798 40'93825 1000
i 03846 24I938S3 4083940 16
I WtSW* 40!94O33 SOWflftS 34
I 04221 18J94258 40:94329 18
194369 16(94459 24I9434* 2»
94350 16;945J)8 1694663..... 16
i W«74 16[94.?84 40!94917 40
i 952S4 24 95380 16195438 18
95448 24195484 24195703 12O
. 95927 ie:9»»20 120l9fiO79 18
iXSHl 2496157 16!»6358 12O
l*«73 40i9«37« 80!9«444 18
»«455 16 96437 21(96773 .... 40
OW25 80;9eS41..... l«;96850 40
OeaiO..... 40J97024 16i97174 16
: 97180 1697224 16197265 40
i 07307 24:9730.8 16197417 40
: »773» 21197825 16137994 18
. «*021 4098041 16I9S071 40
. 0S1S3 R098-300 16198339 19
.98393 115 88411..... 18!9.S4,7« . "1
i 9S514 8098341 16i»9543"..... is
|ft8673 40 98*79 24108688 80
! 9S736 2408790..... 16;M799 »\
;»8ftS7 16199177 16199309 18
: 99442 24;9952S 4000541 . SO
j 99530..... 16|99575...... 2«|9975» 24
JAPANESE FISHERS MURDER A COUNTRYMAN
fleinsurance Rates on
Overdue Ships Are
-Rapidly Increasing
THE SAN FRANGISGO : GALL, SATURDAY; OCTOBER 22. 1904;
Weather Report.
Movements of Steamers.
not been long In the water. Mast belonged to
a schooner of about fifty tons register.
J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
7
FREE— -FREE— - FREE
" : --" 1 "' : - WITH
-¦•-•• : SUNDAY CALL _-
: /'";'•, WANT ADS.— — —
Your Choice of Two Premiums,
I ¦',- ' , S Either, a r -'l:.V .-,.'¦-
— LIGHTNINGiBREAD and—
-, ¦-CAKE? KNIFED .
— — ; NUT ;- SET :'¦-—— — —
(Six Nut Picks and a Crack.)
See i Small; Ad.'; Page ;¦ for ; Fur-
ther Particulars^
ADVERTISESIEyTS.
*4 Bring It to me and exchange It B
CD as payment toward a new one. - - 1 H
H have good, RAZORS AS LOW. AS W
m "51.<K». Try one cf my Crack -e- Jack m
¦ POCKET KNIVES *- ll
II In variety •¦ of styles- and shapes, - B
1 1 with high class steel In blades, and B
ml put together artistically and dur- B
|| KAZOIl STROPS yon can depend JR
F* on. We guarantee th«tn... .JjUJiO Sa
Ji Full line of SCISSORS and other S
Fj kinds of Cutlery. » ',
H • . Razors Honed and Ground, m
ft Honing 25c - ' 1 1 '
,\s The latest and best In Fountain \l
W Pens Is CONKLIN'S SELF-FILL- Uf
{,* ING PEN. Prevents getting fin- ¦ B
Si pert dirty, and does not sweat or ¦ -
Mi leak. Mail Orders Promptly Filled. ¦
I THAT MAN PITTS, |
KB . . , k. W. PITTS, The Stationer. , B
Jfej 1008 Market «t.. opp. Fifth, S. F. B-One* of the most glowing autumn
shades is coDcer. xBaxSu
•*', White ; gloves i/ are"; elegant,' if t; per
fectly}- clean; 5 for.- all > dreiaa i\ wear^ ; If
dikr^ their are; horrible; ' ' ' ¦
The ; revived fashion for : mounting
precious ? stones in fan/ invisible , setting
is ¦ illustrated ) by;, sets' ¦ of , ; safety "pins,
each incrusted ) with : a ) different stone
luTangedllnTrowa.'^^t ' *
THIS BAKE , YOU ?,
;Mrsi "Wright— My! ; This office is : hot
as an oven. , • "
Mr. WrightT-Naturally. - It '-, is \ here I
make* myibread^;.
He- 1 ! •: should^7 "say; Ks?. VWhy 'he
wouldh^t ; laugh -at ; a Joke unless it was
at. somebody;- else's '
She— My, but Mr.' Flaxyman is stingy.
THE IDEA.
AlphabeUcally the leaders on both
t ickets will run close.— Boston Globe.
Perhaps the Massachusetts .. Demo
crats put iip .- Mr. Douglass, the shoe
nianufacturer, for Governor just - be
csusc they wanted their = candidate "• to
be well heeled.— Pittsburg Press.
' "Mr. Morton," says the ~ Springfield
Kf publican, "yearns for an American
fcavjr as big as the biggest afloat." For
lh«u matter, so do the 'American ¦peo
ple; and they propose to have it, too.—
Louisville Herald. '
-^BHB
¦VV«> guess Chairman Taggart's elo
quent'assurance that under noclrcum
c:t&nces will his party ¦ organization
collect campaign ; assessments '. from
Federal officeholders can . be accepted
with entire confidence in its fulfillment
Boston Herald. ,
Now, , here is a woman who believes
that feasting is a cure for/ asthma.. If
some genius '-:¦ would ¦ convince 'women
that , absolute; silence isYgood\ for - the
complexion a sudden > hush : would • come
over ; the : country .-^-Plainfleld 5. Courier-
News.'
- The ' heavy hand \jf \ Despotism is
swatting Freedom once again. The
unionized school . children *'; of j Chicago
have been; in the habit ! of; striking upon
slight . or ;no_ - provocation. ; .,' Now r - the
Chicago policemen have been instructed
to 'spank" those spirited scholars V.'good
and " hard." \Thus does \ Despotism .'at
tack both, forward ; and ": af t-^Newl York
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
'.; No efforts : are being, spared Mn'- the
Fatherland '.to '- bring * school \ hygiene . to
a : high*"; standard < of perfection, 1 ; says ' the
London": Mall. Every .board school is
proyWed 1'with ? a^well-equippedT gymria-^
slum ' ¦•¦¦ and ' a ; ."brausebad," - or \i; douche.*
The latter , is situated ' in*! the : lower, pof'^
tion* of the building and "during % the
winter .'. the 7 heating ' apparatus " for; the
school: supplies ; also the ; wa;
ter't or the douche baths; * '
In : summer the ".water is " heated by - a
gas / stove t containing ¦ several Bunsen
burners."^ By^the ; latter 4 "method • the
baths are readyjfqr~use~ in half an hour.
Just -asj. the ".times of J instruction"."** are
fixed/, so : ; are *.the*;' hours ' for {gymnastic
exercises ¦ and douche ' bath's. ;* The [elder
children "receive] three - or, fburihoufsTof
physical v training • per < week \ and every
child r at"* least! one* douche." '^' ';':
German School Batha.
AT THE LACROSSE GAME.
Tom — Miss- Holdtlte Is too reserved
for me.
Dick— I know. She's reserved for* me.
THE WELL-WORN WAY.
There is no new road to follow, Lovat
Nor need there ever be.
For tho old, with its hill and hollow,
Love!
Is enough for you and me.
— Tha Century.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
We hear a great deal about the lux-:
ufy and extravagance of the age, but
when you think of it a great many of
our most reckless fashions date from
past centuries. In the* fifteenth cen
tury, for instance, the feminine ward
robe , was magnificent, " with its gar
ments weighed , down with laces and
embroideries in. guipure, points cou
pes,'Milanese and Venetian, not for
getting, the gold embroideries, worked
with ; precious stones,* etc. '
, For several centuries women wore
white shoes, . in kid* and Ordinary
leather, as well as, dainty chausaure
in embroidered satin f or .„ dancing the
pavane and "minuet In. The white kid
shoes now being worn are delightful
ly supple and durable, and clean
isfactorily. "
In the time of Louis XIV the
women wore most sumptuous lingerie
and dessous made chiefly of what used
to be called les dentelles ; d'ete, a , kind
of silk -blonde, lace with a cord ¦ in lt, T
which. used to' be mounted over colors
for the petticoats, and was also worn
for the ' hanging • sleeves* which used
to "show the arms so prettily.— "-Paris
Fashions.
PANAMA CANAL^-M., City. Tho ar
ticle in The Call announcing the ap
pointment of C E. Grunsky as a mem
ber of the Panama Canal Commission
appeared February 26, 1904, page 16.
THE CHEERFUL MOTHER
ABE ATTELLr-A. O. S., City. Th«
professional record shows that Abe At
tell, the pugilist, has to his credit
twenty-five knockouts,, twelve fights
won. one won : on foul, fire • draws and
lost once.
PRIVATE AFFAIR— S. C. B.. City.
As the question asked relates to a pri
vate advertising „ firm, the department
suggests you '* address a " letter of In
quiry - to the \ proprietor. This depart
ment does not advertise such con
cerns.
There are: many, conscientious fathers
and mothers who make themselves and
their children miserable ; by r taking
youthful j foibles too 'seriously. It' Is an
innate,^ propensity 'of .a; child possessed
of average . good* health^ arid . spirits to
make older people laugh" with him; not
at.*. him,-. but; at the things that seem
amusing to his own sense.
The mother [who ; has the blithe and
ready humor to Renter into his fun be
comes • his moat fascinating companion.
He, heeds ! her rebukes and bends * to her
correction "without ill feeling, : 'where
sternness would*; arouse his ; pride ¦ ; and
ire, for" he is assured that she is : ready
to share ail his innocent pranks. »
Among the newest silks are those
in mannish effects to 7 be used * for the
silk tailored costuma.
NEW SILKS:
Finest eyeglasses. 15c to 50c. 79 4th St..
front of Key's Celebrated Oyster, House.*
; Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic nre-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
On; November 1. 1904, will be advanced
10c per lb. Holiday orders received tip to
that date at present price. •
I Special information supplied dally to
business houses and' public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cain
if orals. str**t ;¦ T«lephona Main iO41,'L* *<,
"Ada— If you "kiss; me again I'll call
mamma. ¦ ¦-'•¦''"¦
<"j Jack— What's . the use? - 1 kissed her
as I came in. , -
A SWIFT i BOY.
APPLE AND SAOO PUDDING.—
Core and peel enough apples to fill an
ordinary sized baking dish. Fill tha
center with sugar and a llttla nut-
irfeg. Wash a cup of sago and 000k It
In water to cover, until it is dear.
Pour all around the apples and baks
one hour in a good oven. Add mora
water if it becomes dry before tt la
done. Serve it cold with cr«am.
PAST EXTRA VANGANCES
Encouraged by suggestions ;;; by
Fathers Alexis and Richards of the
Passion Order; who' completed a.mis
sion last Sunday evening : at St. Jo
seph's Roman Catholic V Church, *One
Hundred and Thirty-eighth street 'and
Alexander avenue, five Bronx couples
have since presented themselves at the
altar and been wedded. It was reported
in the Bronx yesterday that - half a
dozen other : couples contemplate mar
rying at 1 St. Jerome's, In ithenexU ten
days, says the New f York World.:
'The mission lasted^three weeks, the
concluding week being devoted to "sin
gle men 1 and women. .
Father Alexis declared that there is
entirely too silly ¦', a • notion' about the
age when a girl should marry.
/; "Alter they.Tpass ; a certain' age; they
begin to I consider > themselves no ; long
er, eligible/' said Father, Alexis. '."Their
friends regard- them*' as v old -¦ maids:
Now' this i is * a ¦ ri diculous " notion." : Girls
piight , ;• always '{ to -consider : "'themselves
young. A woman I is young ,/until she is
S5. ; Alter that ; she '* may." be'iregarded
as an old maid.: ;¦ .- _'•"¦ '• /*-. ¦'•:•-'
¦ "A young woman should not -allow
a young man to* call* upon J her longer
than ? six /months; •;*.; If • he." doesn't ]_ pro
pose [marriage atthe^end {of 'thatHime
she'sh ould : dismiss him;; or if ; she fails
to do; so her Tparents 'should.* 'I >Too long
acquaintance •; and : 'keeping ' company',
prejudice the interests": of a girl."
"GIRL NOT OLD MAID
UNTIL EIGHTY-FIVE'^
THE Sunday Call magazine to-morrow presents an unusually
strong fiction section, in addition to a number of special articles
of more than ordinary interest. "The Grafters," Francis Lynde's
powerful novel of politics, runs through its installment and
begins to gather in the threads for the , climax. The story, which
has proven one of the most popular that have lately appeared in the
Sunday Call, will be completed upon October 30. Following this
novel will appear, complete in one installment, "The Second Mrs.
Jim," by Stephen Conrad, one of the season's popular books. The
presenting of a popular novel in one installment, 7 at a price which
would not pay for a fraction of the paper used, is an extraordinary
and hitherto unprecedented departure in Sunday magazine fields.
"A Fill of Adventure," by Albert iSonnichsen, is a lively and
spirited narrative by a writer who has of late years taken front rank
as a writer of sea stories. Edward W. Townsend continues the
adventures of his country hero, who "receives a great light from a
dark place and proposes marriage," and in general displays a whole
some, if dearly bought, change of viewpoint upon life.
A new serial, "On and Off the Bread Wagon," being a chronicle
of the adventures of an amateur "Hobo," makes its first appearance.
This ingenious and amusing recital of tramp life is from the pen of
Charles Dryden, formerly a San Francisco newspaper man and em
ploye of The Call, a writer who 'is fast becoming noted for his facile
pen. There are an unusually large number of. storiettes by writers
whose names have become familiar to readers of the Sunday Call:
Channing Pollock, Epes Winthrop, Barry Preston, Kate M. Cleary,
Richard B.'Shelton and Martha McCulloch Williams. Kate Thyson
Marr has a caustic and satirical installment of reflections on mar
ried life in "How to Be Miserable Though Married."
In the women's section there are several bright articles. Mae
Slessinger contributes a story on "The Art" of Miniature Painting";
Augusta Prescott,, "New Gowns for Autumn" ; Madge Moore, "At
What Age Should Girls Marry," and there is a page story on the
proper method of taking! care of the hair.
A preliminary announcement is made calling : attention to a
local fiction contest soon to be inaugurated by the Sunday Call, in
which a cash prize of $50 will be given each week for the best local
fiction. Full details will be published on October 30.
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
APPLE AND ORANGE JELLY. —
Use an equal number of apples and
oranges. Wash the apples, slice and
core them; put them over the nr« in
the preserving kettle with enough cold
water to cover them and simmer them
until they are reduced to a pulp. Pour
the apple pulp' Into a Jelly bag to
strain out the Juice. Measure tha
Juice, and to each pint of apple Juice
add 'one of boiled orange Juice and a
pound of sugar, and boll them togeth
er, removing the scum that rises until
a little, cooled upon a saucer, forma
a Jelly. Then take the kattl* oft tha
stove, let the Jelly partly cool and pour
it into glasses. When cold seal tt up
like any other preserve.
being; if there be even huge gifts In
man or a woman, there are certain to
be likewise equally great defects.
"• ' The man, I say,' Is \ conscious of cer
tain defects in his- makeup: and he
seeks „ In . a:.woman Ithe ¦: qualities !"¦ In
which he is lacking. The timid .man
loves the woman , of high . spirit; .the
clinging and feminine woman adores
the strong, self-willed, . arrogant . man
who knows his own mind and insists
on the . satisfaction of his own ambi
tions and desires.
Very often you see a very dull man
adore a woman simply, because he
recognizes in her .the intelligence
which he feels he lacks in. himself; and
very often you see a dull woman adore
a man simply because she is dazzled by
his superior Intelligence.
Is there a great Intellectual man who
is recorded as having" married a great
intellectual woman, with Just a few ex
ceptions here and * there, such as
Browning and Mrs. Browning; or if
there be any such marriages, is there
Persian effects are also popular, as
are the striped ones used so much for
sash purposes. Louislne ribbon and
satin are among the pretty, ones of the
season and the plaids do not remain
far behind in popularity. Ribbon man
ufacturers are not exactly satisfied this
season, as the millinery line does not
bring into .use any of the new ribbons.
The hats are not trimmed as simply as
formerly ] and very few have even the
smallest part of ribbon or silk for dec
oration. A noticeable fact Is that the
double-faced satin ribbons are not in
the least degree popular and this is
perhaps caused by their stiffness.
Among the daintiest . accessories of
my lady's wardrobe this fall will be
the extremely, pretty and attractive
ribbons. All colors and • hues are on
sale and some of the Dresden effects
are very new. The width* varies con
siderably, but as the wide belts are in
vogue the ribbon very often measures
ten or twelve inches in width. A new
idea is to put perfectly plain ribbon
and applique flowers on it. One is
shown of white satin ribbon ten inches
wide and down the center green velvet
leaves are placed with. a fancy stitch.
This is a great saving also, and women
who" are handy at this sort of thing
are able to have beautiful belts and
collars at a small. cost.
Everybody is familiar with the fact
that tall men are nearly always drawn
toward small women, and similarly
that if a woman be next door to a
dwarf, the object of her admiration is
always something approaching to a
giant. Tfcie attractiveness in moral
qualities is pretty much the same— that
is to say, It obeys the great law of con
trast. The . man is conscious of the
wants in his own makeup, for nature is
too niggardly ever to make a perfect
some , women ; . and women often
find the charms to men of one of their
sex even as Incomprehensible. And yet
one may be sure that there is some
great though unseen or unrealized law,
which nature, the. most cunning and
potent of lawgivers, has ordained j for
creating these mutual attractions,
writes T. P. O'Connor.
ry\ 0ST men are Q ulte unable to
I I 1 understand why it is that one of
111 their fellow menis able to excite
* ..1 the tumultuous admiration of
p If one wants to find out, then, what
are the Qualities in women which are
not attractive to men— one must seek
the qualities, in which men are defi
cient, "and in which- women are their
complements. The first of these quali
ties, is physical beauty." .The second of
the Qualities : in which women are dif
ferent from . men Is unselfishness.
"When it comes to the sacrifice of self,
woman always rises superior , to man.
The - third distinguishing - quality of
woman over man is her gentleness.
one of them that has turned out a great
success?.
Carlyle's wife was In some -respects
almost ; as remarkable intellectually as
he was himself; but. their marriage is a
terrible. warning to all time against the
marriage of two highly intellectual per
sons. ,: ; Talleyrand married " a very
beautiful but a very stupid woman, and
when, some one asked how he could
have chosen such a dull companion he
made the historic . answer: "Her quiet
spirit is restful to me." ' .
DAINTY RIBBONS
OF THE SEASON
In Kahn and Hayes we have the chance to secure two good and
practical Representatives, who know the uses and the limitations
of legislation, and do not expect to reconstruct the world by an act
of Congress. We appeal, in a rton-partisan spirit, to the Demo
crats of this city to join their fellow citizens in securing our share
of the benefits which our position deserves, and it is in the power of
Congress to give, by electing men who represent the whole commu
nity and in whose hands the interests of labor and trade will be
equally safe. As far as Democrats are concerned they owe no al
legiance to either Livernash or Wynn, and are therefore free to
discharge their public duty at the polls, free from any partisan obli
gation. .
As for his colleague, Mr. Wynn, there is no evidence that he
even dreams. He docs not seem to know his own horizon, and is so
clazed by the practical part of legislation and by the hard work re
quired of a Congressman who does his duty by a city like this that
he is incapable of doing anything. We harbor no personal ill feeling
nor partisan prejudice against either of these gentlemen. They are
simply as much out of place in Congress as a cow at the piano. ' The
cow might do well in the dairy, but is out of her sphere at the key
board.
To re-elect them would be farcical. It would be trifling with
the interests and the destiny of San Francisco. The workingmen
and the business men of this city want whatever Congress may do
legitimately to support enterprise and promote trade by land and
sea, for by such means business makes work and labor gets wages.
Mr. Livernash announces himself as the esoteric apostle of sweet
ness and light. Both are fine, but their coming into the world did
not wait for the election of Mr. Livernash to Congress, nor depend
upon his re-election to a place for which he has not the least quali
fication. Workingmen want work and wages, and business men
want business and profits. When both have these they take care
of the leisure and sweetness and light in their own way. By idle
dreaming and idle visions, the work, wages and business of this
city may be sacrificed, and this the people do not want.
When Mr. Kahn was in Congress he looked out for our practical
business interests. He dwelt on good terms with his colleagues of
both parties, and enjoyed that popularity which is a powerful element
in a member's usefulness. Our people did not detect any deteriora
tion in the sweetness and light which Mr. Livernash seems tp think
ht invented. During Mr. Kahn's service he went about taking
care of our practical affairs in Congress in a sensible way. It was the
marvel and wonder of both parties in the House when he and Mr.
Loud were succeeded by such political curios as Livernash and
Wynn. San Francisco cannot afford to be fantastic more than once.
A joke should not be carried too far.? The action of, two years ,,ago
should be reversed, and having supplied a source of amusement and
.sometimes annoyance at Washington, it is time now to quit horse
play and get to business in the election of our Representatives.
WE cannot too much nor too plainly impress upon the voters
of this city the Heed of active, practical business Representa
tives in the House at Washington. While neither of the United
States Senators is from San Francisco, both have an intelligent con
ception of their duty to the metropolis of the State which they rep
resent. They have done what they could, and all they could, tor
this city, for its commerce and its facilities for holding its primacy
of Pacific trade.
f We have not suffered from inattention or neglect in the Senate,
but in the last session we had no representation in the House at all.
Mr. Livernash was busy in hifalutin plans for the remanufacture of
human society, but seemed to have no well digested idea of what he
wanted to do, and was hazy and uncertain about the, ground plan
and elevation of his Utopia. When his reveries were coined into
speech he became offensive to the House and was testy with his
colleagues, because they did not understand nor sympathize with his
vision of a new heaven and a new earth. When -he confronted any
thing practical his prejudices bristled and he treated it from a per
sonal and not a public standpoint. We have truthfully reported his
speeches in his present campaign, and those, who read them see in
them a dreamer of fantasies, who goes up and down mixing causes
and effects in a kaleidoscopic muddle, and picking out the inevitable
incidents of mortality as something that can be legislated out of ex
istence.
OUR NEEDS IN CONGRESS.
Miss Bertha Runkle of "Helmet of
Navarre" fame is in town,' having ar
rived a few days ago. Her fiance. Cap
tain H. L. Bash, has also landed re
cently from the Philippines, where he
is an officer in the Seventh Infantry.
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Butler of
Ross Valley are on a trip to Boston.
Mrs. G. H. G. Gale and Miss Polly
Gale have gone to St. Louis, where
Major Gale is stationed. !- /
Gertrude Atherton and Mrs. Ashton
Stevens will visit Coronado shortly,
where Mrs. Atherton will seek inspira
tion for a new short story.
•A gathering of buds will occur next
Thursday . afternoon at the home of
Miss Edna Davis on Pacific avenue and
Scott street, where this pretty young
hostess will entertain at luncheon many
of her contemporaries— all to blossom
this winter In society's garden.
Miss Nadine Nuttall has announced
her engagement to Arthur Lawton of
England. A daughter of Mrs. Zelie
Nuttall, she is also widely known for
her mind of research, having made a
study of the Aztec language and
translating matter of great import
ance to students. ' Near the City of
Mexico Mrs. and Miss Nnttall own
an ancient castle, which is preserved
with its antique atmosphere and sur
roundings. . No date is set for the
wedding, although signs point to its
near approach.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Gutterson
will give a series of musicales this win
ter at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Al
len G. Freeman in Berkeley. The re
turn of these artists from a European
trip, where Mrs. Gutterson studied
under wonderful Harold " Bauer, Is . a
true, delight to society, as well as to
all lovers of music.
.: This Is the day for the tea to be
given by Mrs.. Charles Stetson Wheeler
and Miss Elsie Marsh. Fire hundred
invitations have been sent out, and
with bur glorious California climate
putting on its best company manners
every one of ' the lucky half thousand
will gladly pay compliment to, this
charming hostess and her sister. In
Oakland particularly the Marsh girls
were noted and - commented upon . for
their beauty, which is, of the true
spirituelle type, crowned with ex
quisite blonde hair. There are four
sistera, of whom Miss Elsie is the
youngest.
POUND FRUIT CAKE.— Rub to a
cream one scant pound of butter with
one full pound of sugar. Beat the
yolks and whites of eight eggs sep
arately. Stir the yolks well Into the
creamed butter and sugar; add a half
teaspoonful of ground mace and a.
generous tablespoonful of brandy.
Beat for. three minutes before adding
a pound of sifted flour, half a pound
each of seeded raisins and cleaned
currants and half as much citron
minced! flne. Flour the fruit well be
fore it goes in. Lastly fold in the
whites lightly and quickly. Bake in
small cake tins, well greased. Cover
with paper until risen well and firm.
Then brownJ The oven should bo
steady and not very hot for the first
fifteen minutes. Then increase heat.
SOME GOOD RECIPES;
GIVE THEM A TRIAL
Mrs. Frank Joseph Donnelly has
taken apartments for £he winter at
the Hotel Colonial.
Mrs. John Heath of Oakland enter
tained last evening in honor of Miss
Laura von Klsielnlcka of Dresden,
who is a singer of note. Mrs. Heath
has recently added a music-room to
her home and this was thrown open
for the occasion and to these addition*
al musicians from San Francisco?
Hother ."Wlsmer, Mrs. Frank Wash
ington. Miss Hulda Anderson, Whit
ney Palache. Mis3 von Klsielnicka will
appear in concert at an early date.
Mrs. Arthur Wallace will give »n
informal tea this afternoon at her
home on Broadway in honor of Miss
Pearl Seeley of Los Angeles.
• • •
Much admiration has been aroused
by the new bungalow which th»
Charles Reynoldses have completed in
Ross. It stands on a beautiful knoll,
next to the charming little Diblee
bungalow. The Reynolds bungalow Is
large, with a delightful, broad veran
da partially inclosed in glass, an
open fireplace adding to its glory. As
in the old Southern places, the ser
vants' quarters are outside. Mrs. Rey
nolds is blessed with much good tasta
and a talent for planning artlstlo
houses.
• • •
Mrs. Thomas Wintringham is spend
ing the winter in Berkeley with her
daughter, Georgia, and her son, Har
ry, the latter of whom la attending
the university.
Miss Lillie Reis, whose marriage to
"William Huie will soon take place, was
the guest of honor at a luncheon given
by Mrs. James Hamilton Morton oa
Thursday. The Morton home on Jack
son street was twice beautified by the
abundance of flowers in decoration.
Among those who greeted Mrs. Morton
and Miss Rels were Mrs. Redmond
Payne, Miss Sabin, Miss Foulkes, Miss
Hawes, Miss Price, Miss Palmer, Miss
Brickell. Miss May Rels, Mrs. J. Mora
Moss, Mrs. Julian Sonntag and Mrs.
Joseph M. Masten.
The attractive Henley home on Green
street was the scene of a tea yesterday
afternoon, given by Miss Gwinett*
Henley. Mrs. Alexander Baldwin, Mrs.
Alexander Keyes, Miss Sharpe and
Miss Cooper were among those who as
sisted Miss Henley.
Now we may expect soon to hear
another set of wedding bells chime
forth their glad tidings.
BY SALLY SH^RP-
THE SMART SET
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL.
¦- • *' v ¦ -
JOHN D. SPRECKELS • • • Proprietor
ADDRESS AL.L COMMUNICATION'S TO
JOHN* McXACGHT Mannger
rCDLICATlON OKFTCE .THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY OCTOBER 22, 1904
AN INSPIRATION TO THE YOUNG VOTER.
THE; SAN FRANGISGOVGALL; SATURDAY^ OCTOBER; 22; \190-l;
QUALITIES MAN ADMIRES IN A WOMAN
AND WHAT WOMAN LOOKS FOR IN A MAN
8
COPYRIGHT. 19W. BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT OP THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.
. % . ..-•¦; " n^di— !&!¦»¦ fcimii i ¦¦miirii ml«i »¦¦ <1 *iVi« mnmi'i ftniiMii im UTiST. LOUIS. Oct. 21.— Portland,- Ore.*
was "selected "[ to-day ) as the meeting
place of the '., 190 5 convention of the
American', Library* Association.
Library Convention at Portland.
SALINAS. Oct. 21. — Judge B. V.
Sargent of the Superior Court of Mon
terey County this morning rendered a
decision in the case of Lawrence vs.
White to the effect that deeds of sales
for delinquent taxes are not the best
title to property, and that a large pro
portion or the deeds so made are in
valid on technicalities. The land in
volved is in the Moro Cojo section of
this valley. More contests will follow.
DELINQUENT TAX SALES
RESULT IX POOR TITLES
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 21. — While standing
at a telephone In his room at the
Buckingham Hotel to-day, endeavor
ing to summon assistance, Albert Sher
win of Leadville, Colo., dropped dead
from heart failure. Sherwin's son,
William, was standing in the hotel
office when the operator called him to
the telephone, saying: "Tour father
says he is dying and wants to speak
to you."
Young Sherwin, without waiting to
go to the telephone, hastened to his
f ether's room and found him lying
dead on the floor immediately below
the wall telephone.
Colorado Man In St, Lords, Summons
His Son Who Finds Father's
Lifeless Body.
FALLS DEAD WHILE CALLING
OVER TELEPHONE FOR TTFT.p
¦ • « . . . •.,
rURNKEY SWAN SHOOTS
HIMSELF BY ACCIDENT
San Quentin Official Wounds Himself
In Thigh and Will Be Laid Up
for a Time.
SAN RAFAEL,. Oct. 21.— Bert
Swan, turnkey at San Quentin prison,
accidentally shot himself last night
at the McRea Hotel at San Quentin
Point Swan was showing a new re
volver-to a number of friends and in
taking out the cartridges left - one ( in
the chamber. He snapped tha trig-,
ger of the gun and the bullet struck
him in the thigh, 'inflicting a flesh
wound. Swan, will be confined to his
bed for a number of weeks.'
CANAL WILL BE OPENED
; ... 'WITH BIG CELEBRATION
Water to Be Turned Into Ditch Near
Colusa Within the Next
, Thirty Days.
COLTJSA, Oct. 21v— Prof essor Elwood
Meade, accompanied by Judge J. R.
Lewis of San Jose, CM. Wooster and
B. W. Childs of San Francisco, and W.
B. de . Jarnatt of Colusa, Inspected the
Central Canal to-day. : Two big cement
h ead gates are completed and within
thirty days the water of the Sacra
mento River will be turned into* thai
canal. On . the day set for turning In
the water ¦ a big celebration will be
held at Princeton. ~
THROWN FROM HIS WAGON
AND INSTANTLY KILLED
Employe at Sierra Lnmber Company's
Mill Hurled to Death by Run
away Team.
' RED BLUFF, i Oct.; 2t~Word of
another accident at the" Sierra . Lumber
Company's saw 'mill at ? Lyonsville ; this
week i reached ": here to-day. v James \ B.
Glassburnef, who was employed at tha
camps V as . choremah ! ; and ; driver;? was
thrown from a 1 , wagon ¦ by ¦¦ his runaway
team and instantly killed.'i The •' body
was : brought -to • Red /•¦ Bluff by.;-' boat;
down the flume, a distance of 35miles.
For an excellent lunch, table d'hote or a la
carte, with or without wine, visit The Claren
don I Cafe. 643 1 Post : st..' opposite Olympic Club.*
Young Walton Placed on^TriaL
PORTLAND, v Oct.i 21.^-Charles; W.
Walton,";, the , San J Francisco . y diithi ' ac
cused i of holding v up /a street \ car and
shooting £ a; policeman \ a , few f months
ago" is^on triaL, An appeal f orla' cbrii*
tinuance '• for ; the purpose/ of
the boy's mother, here tol testify , to ; the
effect ' that' two : mien had confessed i to
her < that ;. they.; had ¦ ; = committed the
crimes was. denied.' . .. '
¦s POSTERS and BANNERS.— Gabriel Printing
Co. print anything. 418 Sacramento St. •
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2L— The fol
lowing t transfers in the artillery corps
have been ordered: Major Alexander
B. Dyer from the Thirteenth battalion,
field artillery, to the Eleventh bat
talion, field artillery; Major Dyer will
remain on duty at Vancouver Bar
racks, Wash., and join the Eleventh
battalion on its arrival at that sta
tion. Captain George W. Vandeusen
from the Ninth battery to the Twen
ty-sixth battery; Captain Vandeusen
will join the Twenty-sixth battery on
its arrival in the Philippines. Captain
Hawthorne will proceed to the Pre
sidio, San Francisco, with the Twenty
sixth battery in time for it to take
the first transport sailing from that
port after January 1, 1905, for Manila,
and upon arrival at the Presidio will
report for duty with the First battal
ion, field artillery, until the arrival of
the Ninth battery at that place. Cap
tain Oscar L Straub from the Twenty
eighth battery to the Thirtieth bat
tery, field artillery. Captain Edward
F. McGlachlin Jr. from the Thirtieth
battery to the twenty-eighth battery.
First Lieutenant Cleveland C. Lansing
from the Twenty-eighth battery to the
Eighteenth battery upon the^ arrival
of the latter battery in the United
States. Lieutenant Lansing will pro
ceed to the Presidio, San Francisco,
with the Twenty-eighth battery, to ba
attached to the First battery, field ar
tillery, until the arrival of the Twen
ty-eighth field battery in the United
States. First Lieutenant Daniel F.
Craig from the Seventeenth battery to
the Twenty-sixth battery; Lieutenant
Craig will remain on duty with the
Seventeenth battery until it is relieved
by the Twenty-sixth battery. Second
Lieutenant Alden F. Brewster from the
Eighteenth battery to the i Twenty
eighth battery; Lieutenant Brewster
will remain on duty with the j Eigh
teenth battery until it is relieved by the
Twenty-eighth battery, when he will
Join the latter battery. Second Lieu
tenant Charles M. Allen from the
'Twenty-sixth battery to the Seven
teenth battery; Lieutenant Allen will
remain on duty at Vancouver barracks,
Washington, until the arrival : of the
Tenth battery at that station. Second
Lieutenant Ned B. Rehkopf : from the
Twenty-eighth battery to the Twenty
ninth battery; Lieutenant Rehkopf will
Join the battery to which he Is trans
ferred. Second Lieutenant' Louis ;'C.
Brinton Jr. from the Seventeenth :. bat
tery, to the .Twenty-sixth battery;
Lieutenant Brinton willremain on duty
with the Seventeenth battery until it
is relieved by the Twenty-sixth bat
tery. " Second Lieutenant \ Philip ' H.
Worcester from the Eighteenth battery
(as -"attached thereto) to. the,Twenty
eighth battery ; 'Lieutenant Worcester
will remain" on duty* with the , : Eigh
teenth battery ' until it * Is ; relieved -by
the Twenty-eighth battery. Second
Lieutenant Jacob a! 'Mack "from V the
Twenty-ninth battery to J. the Twenty
eighth battery as attached thereto. X,
Army Orders.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 21. — A private
"suite" in the best stable at the
World's Fair was to-day fitted and
prepared for Juliana Dekol, the prize
cow, delegate from California to the
National Butter-maker's convention
which begins to-morrow. When Col
vin B. Brown, secretary of the Stock
ton Chamber of Commerce, visited
Charles Mills, chief of the World's
Fair live stock department, and asked
for stable room for the cow. Colonel
Mills eaid:
"It will give me great pleasure to
provide room for Juliana Dekol. as she
is one of the royalty in the cow world.
Her record of producing more than
twice her weight in milk In thirty
days is known to every dairy man in
the country, if not in the world, and
nothing is too good for her."
Sumptuous Quarters in Stable Are to
Be Prepared for California's
Prize Cow.
Water Low In tho Yukon.
. SEATTLE. Oct. 21. — The Paciflo
Coast Steamship Company's steamship
Cottage City has reached Seattle from
Skagrway with 150 passengers android
amounting to $126,000. Officers of the
Cottage City report that water is low
in the Yukon River and that the last
boats are havingr great difficulty In
hauling over the bars.
PRIVATE SUITE RESERVED
FOR JULIANA AT FAIR
MARSHFIELD, Or., Oct. 21.— The!
new steamer Breakwater is to be put
on Uhe", Coos V Bay- Portland - run. ;,Thls
arrangement will be made as soon as
a steamer -of desired capacity can be
secured ; to take Uhe Breakwater's
place on the Sari Francisco route. The
distance between this port and Port
land can be covered by the big-steam
er in twenty- two hours^ She will
carry 600 tons of coal each trip f«r
the Portland market.
New Run for the Breakwater.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 21.— Stephen Col
lins, who haB been a berry grower near
Molino, in this county, for more than
a quarter, of a century, was kicked by
a young colt this afternoon and died
from the effects a few hours later. Col
lins was riding in a cart and going
down hill when the single tree broke.
The animal became frightened and
dashed down the hill, throwing Collins
out underneath its feet. Collins was
kicked in the chest with such force
that his entire chest bone was crushed
in and nearly all of his ribs on one
side fractured.
Collins was a native of Ireland and
was 65 years of age. He came here
thirty years ago and settled in this
county. He leaves considerable prop
erty and has no relatives j so far | as
known.
Thrown From;' Riff Under
Animal's Feet.
Stephen Collins of Sonoma County
BERRY GROWER KILLED
BY KICK FROM A COLT
On the two remaining Sundays in October—
23d and 80th — the Southern Pacific will run
excursions to Santa Cruz for a - round . trip
rate of $2. Special train will leave Third
and Townsend streets depot at 7:30 a. m.; re
turning, leave Santa , Crus at 4:10; p. m. A
splendid chance to see th« Santa Clara Valley,
Santa Cruz Mountains. Big Trees and enjoy a
day of gayety on the beach, bathing, boating,
fishing or listening to fine band concerts. Ask
about it to-day at Southern Pacific office, 61S
Market street. . •
Sunday, October 23 and SO. f 2 Round
Trip/
EXCURSIONS TO SANTA CRUZ.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 21.— Several thou
sand descendants of the Pilgrims and
the Puritans from various parts of the
country assembled here to-day. Among
the number were the lay and minis
terial delegates to the National Coun
cil of the Congregational Church and
the American Board of Commissioners
for Foreign Missions, held recently at
Des Moines and Grinnell, Iowa. An
object of great interest and veneration
to those in Festival Hall of the expo
sition, where the principal exercises in
connection with Puritan day were held,
was a portion of Plymouth Rock, where
the Pilgrims landed.
Rev. Dr. Washington Gladden, mod
erator of the National Council, pre
sided at the meeting in Festival Hall.
Addresses on "The Province of the
Church in the Modern World" were
made by Rev. Charles E. Jefferson,' D.
D., and Rev. Lyman Abbott. D. D., of
New York and others. .
Thousands Gather Around Chunk of
Plymouth Rock hi Festival Hall
at St. Louis.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2L — Secretary
Morton has appointed a board of naval
officers to deliberate . upon improve
ments in the construction of torpedo
boat destroyers. The cruise of the
first torpedo-boat destroyer flotilla to
the Philippines from Hampton Roads
last winter, while entirely satisfactory
and safe, demonstrated certain weak
nesses of this type of craft. The board
will consist of Rear Admiral George
A. Converse, chief of Bureau of Navi
gation; Commander F. F. Blether, Lieu
tenant Lloyd H. Chandler and Lieu
tenant F. H. Clark. Lieutenant Chand
ler commanded the first flotilla in that
cruise and since has been studying
Japanese torpedo tactics, especially op
erations of these craft around Port
Arthur. The board will meet October
24. The destroyer Paul Jones, whlcn
left San Diego for Magdalena Bay to
day, carried to Rear Admiral Goodrich,
commander in chief of the Pacific
squadron, now engaged in target prac
tice there. Information that Command
er John Hubbard of the Boston will be
relieved at Panama.
Consider Improvements in Con
struction of Destroyers.
Secretary of Xavy Appoints Board to
DESCENDANTS OF PILGRIM
FATHERS HOLD CELEBRATION
SPEEDY FIGHTING CRAFT
SHOW SIGNS OF WEAKNESS
BAKER CITY, Or.,' Oct. 21. — A fire
broke out in the lower workings of
the 'Baisley-Elkhorn mine, about
twenty miles west of this city, yester
day, which threatened serious dam
age to the property. A mountain
stream was turned into the upper
workings and after six or seven hours'
hard work the flames were under con
trol and the fire extinguished.
Bolster- Elkhorn, Near Baker City,
Quickly Flooded and the Blaze
Quenched.
CREEK TURNED INTO. JUNE
TO EXTINGUISH A FERH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Oct. 21.— A young girl,
still in her teens, was -brought In from
Tracy to-day and lodged in Jail. With
her was a male companion, with whom
she has ibeen beating : her way on
freight trains. When arrested she
wore masculine attire and for somo
time denied her sex, but at - last she
acknowledged the truth.
The woman said her name was LJa
zle Rodgers, that she war not yet 18,
but had been married three years ago
in Los Angeles. She left her husband
and joined an admirer named Delt, and
the two ; went to San Francisco, where
she donned man's clothing and worked
as a waiter. Tiring of tlils lift they
decided to tour theVcountry by the
brakebeam route and see the world.
They. had gone as far as Tracy, when
she attracted attention and was with
her male companion taken into custody
by a railroad .policeman.
Rev. Mr. Gillett of Traoy befriended
the girl, and at his home she was fur
nished with proper attire. She will be
held temporarily until her case can be
looked Into. The girl is Intelligent and
well mannered.
New Postmasters Appointed.
¦~ WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— O«org4
W. Kennedy has been appointed post
master at Cole Grove, CaL; Mary E.
Gardner at Sams Valley, Or.; O. L.
Hanse at Helceta, and Viola A. Bil
lings at Marlal, Or.
f Such an action, if put into operation. Is ex
travagant, because all ¦ unnecessary taxation
is extravagant. . Neither Is it based on equity,
because It will not apply to all the children
that "are being • educated, but only to those
who attend certain schools. >. It la • dangerous
because it U another step toward ¦ socialism.
Implying as a logical consequence the giving
later on of free. clothes and free food.
Now, I submit, that such an order of things
might b« proper for a penitentiary,' but not
for a free people, especially one whose ante
cedents have made, for the bulldlpg up of -a
healthy individuality and who deemed tax*
atlon without necessity and representation as
unjustifiable and criminal. It is my opinion
for this and other reasons - the - amendment
ought to be 1 rejected.
In speaking of his letter Archbishop
Glennon said. to-day:
The sooner a consistent and determined stand
ia taken against whose cloak of
patriotism covers their real oppressive char
acter | the better It will j b« for the taxpaylng
public This is not a political Issue, nor Is
it . one of religion; it is simply one of jua
tlo».' >:
ST. LOUIS, Oct.' 21. — Archbishop
Glennon of the Catholic diocese of St.
Louis to-day Issued a circular letter
protesting against the passage of an
amendment to be voted on at the com
ing election, providing for free text
books for public school children. The
letter states in part:
.MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct 21.— The
Buckeye Gold Mining Company of Mil
waukee is involved in. a sensational
suit brought by Mrs. Louise C. Koester
of Baker, Or., who has been in the city
for some time trying to get access to
the books of the company. Judge Hal
sey has issued an alternative writ of
mandamus ordering the officers of the
company, all prominent Milwaukee
people, to appear in court Saturday
morning with the books so that the
case may be tested.
Mrs. Koester says that she owns
294,576 shares of stock in the company
at $1 each par value. She consulted M.
M. Riley and they went to the office of
the president of the company at 115
Buffalo street, where Otto Kuehn and
brother have a commission house. She
was told that the books were with the
secretary. She had previously been in
formed, she alleges, that the only of
fice of the company was at 115 Buffalo
street On the same day she and her
attorney found the office of the secre
tary, B. Kron, to be at 115 Huron
street. When she approached Kron for
the books she declared he said that
he would not transact business for the
mining company until after 6 o'clock.
Mrs. Koester charges In her applica
tion for the writ of mandamus that
the delay was evidently for the purpose
of "fixing" the books.
"Hold on there, Dr. Rader: that i»
too strong," cried the masculine cham
pion of females from a seat up In front.
The editor went straight ahead, how
ever. His subject was /'The Effects of
Woman Suffrage as Seen by One Who
Went Through the Campaign for it in
Colorado." .
When the full effect of the feminine
wrath poured out upon • the epigram
matic editor reached his ears In various
ways yesterday, Dr. Rader • proceed
ed to explain. "The impression con
veyed by my remarks last T night," he
said, 'was far from what I intended.
In boiling down a twenty-minute
speech to a five-minute talk I did not
make myself clear. For more than
thirty years I have been a warm friend
to and an honorary member ' > of the
Women's Christian Temperance Union.
For many years I contended for woman
suffrage whenever my opportunity
happened to be. I had hoped that
wherever woman suffrage prevailed
there would exist something compar
able to our conception of the Garden
of Eden, but the results | of suffrage
in Colorado and Wyoming have not
been such as had been anticipated by
myself and other ardent supporters.
This failure, I take It, has been from
various reasons. . Briefly summarized
they are as follows: Many good women
do not desire the privilege of the bal
lot and will not vote. Women that do
vote are controlled much as men are
and they generally follow their, hus
band's lead. Nearly all bad women
vote and are Influenced by the most
vicious element."
Having dropped this bombshell into
the W. C. T. U. Convention, which was
waiting to ' hear good news about wom
an 'suffrage ' Thursday evening, " Rev. D.
L.' Rader,- editor of the Pacific Christian
Advocate, calmly,' proceeded -, to ¦' . cast
other nuggets of j experience regarding
woman suffrage in the silver-lined com
monwealth before the Indignant assem
bly. He was quickly interrupted by
Dr. J. H. Glass of Los Angeles, who
was more susceptible to the . strong fe
male environment J j - ¦•¦
PORTLAND, Oct. 21.— "There are
more bad women ¦ than good women In
Colorado. About half the women : in
Portland are bad!" ,, ¦:¦'"-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Oct. 21.—The Episcopalian
General Convention to-day adopted a i
resolution in the House of Deputies I
providing for special forms of worship
to meet the reauirements of foreign »
congregations which mar be brought!
into the church. The resolution was'
presented some time ago by Dr. Wil-
Qua R. Huntington, of New York. The j
proposal was bitterly fought at the San j
Francisco convention and met with |
much opposition in Boston, many as- \
serting that the measure would lead'
to great diversity in forms of worship, j
The resolution will be acted UDon 'by |
the House of Bishops. !
The deputies to-<Jay elected the four]
following missionary Bishops, . the ;
nominations having been made by the
House Bishops:
Bishop of Salt Lake City, Rev.
Franklin S. Spalding. Erie. Pa-
Bishop of Hankow. Chin^Rev. Lo
pan H. Roots, Hankow, lUnnertjr of '
Arkansas.
Bishop of Mexico, Rev. Henry D. j
Aves, Houston, Tex. j
Bishop of Cuba. Very Rev. Albien W. j
Knight, Atlanta. Ga.
The House of Bishops devoted two '¦
hours to-night to a discussion of the ;
amendment to the divorce canon, mak- •
ing it more difficult for the innocent
person divorced in a case Involving in- {
fidelity to be married. It was taken to
a vote on the question of concurrence j
with the House of Deputies to-morrow, j
Editor -Preacher. Arouses
Feminine Wrath and the
Chivalry of Men of North
In Masculine Attire She Had
Held. Position- as Waiter
Until She Tired of It
PASSED BY DEPUTIES
House of Bishops Has Yet
to Act on Eesolution Fa
vored by the Lower Body
Eminent Churchman Aslis
Voters to Make Determined
Stand Against Measure
W0EKED IN /THIS CITY
Action Brought After Long
Search for Office of the
Corporation in Milwaukee
ASKS OF MANDATE
ALL EIGHT IN PEISONS
SUFFRAGISTS INDIGNANT
Archbishop Glennon De
nounces an Amendment in
St. Louis as Socialistic
"Half the Women of Portland
Are Bad" ; Says Minister
and a Big Kow Is Started
Girl, With Male Companion,
in Jail in Stockton After
Trying Bra&beajri Koute
Files Sensational l Suit to
Secure Access to the Books
of a Gold Mining Company
for Foreign Congregations
Episcopalians 3Iay Provide;
Social Forms of Worship:
ON WORLD TOUR
IN MAN'S DRESS
CONDEMNS FREE
SCHOOL BOOKS
DlVlNE'S WORDS
CREATE FUROR
WOMAN THINKS
FRAUD IS MEANT
ADOPTED AFTER
BITTER FIGHT
THE SAN. FRANCISGO GALL, SATURDAYSOGTOBER 22, < 1904;
9
vUsLUIwlSl A UAB1K3 THL63
MATTJraB TO-DAT
Nightly, including Sunday.
THIS AND NEXT WEEK
The Immense Musical Comedy Hit,
SAN TOY
WITH
JAMES T. POWERS
Watch for "QUTTERINQ GLORIA."
ALHAMBRA.
MATINEO TO-DAT AND STODAT.
TO-NIGHT and 6IJNDAY— LAST TIME3.
SOUSAE
Prices— Evenings, fl B0 to 60s.
Matinees— SI to 60a.
r Note— Box offices at theater and Sherman,
Clay A Co.'s. ¦ ¦ - . - • .
I operaIIYOIIhousi
\ SECOND WESBK.
MATINEE TO-DAY
Immense Success of the First Production In
English of the Famous Cotnto Opera,
RASTEtBINDER I
I (The Mousetrap Peddler) |
SAMS PRICES .......SSe. Ko, T5a
NEXT— "THE MESSENGER BOV
ExMaratingJaiiileville!
Tsciow'B Oats; Sin on and Paris; 7oiepa-
ine Ds Witt; Senrts MoOord and Ckjm-
. pany, and Orpheum * Motion : Floturea,
Showing 1 "Xonndlns; Up the T set-man."
Last times of Xlokey and Velsoni "A
Hlarbt in Venice"; Murphy and wniard
} and Julius M. Tannen.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— 10c, 2Sc ; and : SOe.
GRANpSSSig
Van immense hit
THIS .WEEK AND NEXT.-
MATINEES TO-D \ Y AND TO-MORBOW
AMERICA'S GREATEST PLAT,
ARIZONA
By Augustus Thomas. .
ORIGINAL PRODUCTION.
s SPLENDID CAST.
DETACHMENTr Ofi CAVALRY.
POPULAR PRICES. -
Oct. 80 — Jane Corcoran in "Pretty Peggy.?
anscELiiAyEou8 amusements.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) .AFTERNOON,
'¦' October 23." at 3 O'clock.
JWENZEL KflPTA^S VIOLIN RECITAU
Assisted by MISS ¦ M. _ HOHMAN and
WKOSSSBSKBLo. n titi r ii t 'HI ITMI iflHIUflw
KOPTA-MANSFELDT*"'- FIRST.' CHAMBER
r'MUSIC CONCERT. wlUUke place
SUNDAY AFTERNOON, Oct SO. at S o' cloak.
¦ • Tickets for' sale '¦ at • Sherman, Clay A- Co/a
and Will L. Greenbaum.'-
AMTJSEaCEXTS. '
INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK.
. Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Countns; will bests at 11 o'clock sharp a&4
continue until tba last winning 1 Oac coesi up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
AH Mlsslon-st. ears transfer to Quexrera
ears, which go direct to the park.
JOHN GRACE. Jud*s. - ' |
EDWARD SHORTSTAO, Sttpper.
r-GALIFORNIA— x
•fcTiTTsTBa TO-DAT—
LAST TIME* TO-NIOST. -
HOYTS
A TEXAS STEER
Absolately the Best Out Sine* tfee
Original Production.
*WZLZ> H. BRAY In his original role
of the Darky Politician. HARRY B.
¦ SMSRY aa Brander. MAY L. STOCX-
TON as "Bossy." And twenty others.
Ineludlng* the famous
TBDCA3 STEER QtJARTET.
TO-MORROW — The popular Qmt-
man Comedians. MASON and MAB0N.
as the Burglar and th* D*taotlTe in
Mark Swan's latest musical farce,
FRITZ AND BNITZ. A
H. W. BISHOP Lcut* tad Mmrt
1 BAST WEEK OT
A JAPANESE NIfiHTINfiALB
If i.TlJlgJB TO-DAT .
Next Monday Night Olrver Morose* Offer* ttsj
World's Greatest Stock Company In •
WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE
-First Time at 25e to 75c
Extraordinary Cast: HOWARD GOUT.D.
AMELIA GARDNER. ELSIE ESMOND. HAR>
RY - MESTAYEK. FRANK MACVICARS.
GEORGE WOODWARD and the Best of Um
Majestic Company. /
TED JET" BOX,
The Blo«rr«na. S&owtaur "PSMOKAL,"
And a Splendid Bliow Every AXtornooa
and Eveniasr In th* Theater.
TAKE A RIDB CM THX
anaxjkTtrsvS xxxotbzo »*TT.stOs\f>.
SEVEN BABY IiONB Df THE ZOO.
„ INSPECT CABARET I>E LA MORT.
VXZSIXATIO ZXBOTBXO rOOMXASX
A 9XST&AT TO-2TIOHT.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN........ 5o
When Ppontasr Ask for "The Omtee."
• MISCEULAXEO CS AMTJSEMSNTS.
BEN GREET PLAYERS
This Afternoon at 2:30
GRAND OPEN-AIR PERFORMANCE. ¦
oS^S, 'IAS YOU LIKE IT 1 *;!
. (Take 1 o'clock , broad gauge to 23d ave.)
I S s 8S rBII MERCHANT OF VENICE"
iz~ ¦'¦:¦." (Take 7 o'clock boat)
Tickets. SI 00 to single p#rt ormanoe : |2 30
both, at Shermaa. Clay * Co."s, Paul Blder**
; and at the eaDece. -__"• '
{ >aUPPSR 3BRVED AT COLUCOB. vi J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Get one cake of jt.
Nobody ever stops at a
cake.
Pears' soap for toilet,
bath and shaving.
Sold attrer the world. .-
UNION COURSING PARK
r. or. Bsu.xrsr. . ........ . ... . ..... . . . juas-e
JAS. P. OBAOB. . . . . . .^ ....... . .Slipper
SATURDAY and SIMDAY
. . . October 22 and 23. N
Class"ahd
Reserve^ StaKcs
112— NOMINATIONS— 112
$1000 — TOTAl^URSE — $1000
TRAIN SERVICE. _
Trains Ie*v« Third and Townsend streets
Saturday at 10:30 a. m., Sunday at 10:15 a. ».
and 1 p. m., stopping: at Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets five minutes later. Returning
after the last courss. San Mateo electric cars
every four minutes to park entrancs alrsot.
ALCAZAR i"s rt 5S
__. \\ General Manager.
"Tha Greatest Stock Company JJrer at
-¦ . the Alcazar."
MATINED TO-DAI AND SUNDAT. "
, TO-NIOHT—I*AST: TWO NIGHTS.
- ' First Ban Francisco Production of Clyde
Fitch's Darin* - and • Realistic Play,
The Way of tlta World,
', Blegunt Scenery — Delightful Comedy.
.; All the Popular Favorites in the Cast.
I Ergs. 25o to 7Bo; Mats. Bat and Sun., 28o to 50a
NEXT i MON. — H. . V. Esmond's ¦. Best Comedy,
- ; c -— — THE '¦¦ WXLSEXSXSS— —
, r " As , Played V.sy : Miller C and : Ansjlln.
CENTRAL*!?
I - Market street, near Eighth: Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND STJNDAT. "
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
JAMES J. JEFFRIES
1 Supported '. by the Central Theater ¦ Stock Cora«
- pany "In Frank' Mayo's" Frontier .Play,
'?DAW /CROCKETT »
' BEB '¦ three .rounds boxins; exhibition ' between
JAMES , J. JEFFRIES and '< JOB KENNEDY.
pnfrpc, irvrrNiNOS ...... .;.:.. ioo to 500
rsUWC J j MATINEES . . . .lOc/ 16c. ' 25c, 33o
V OCTOBER 24— HERSCHEI/^ MATAUi IN
, PAUL. KAUVAR. r - ¦ - ,• ' , .-.v • - vv : , ,
Last. Appearance' of J %'•- .
THE QEBMA2T • CO JIEDIAKS
'And «. Last * Times "of - :
"DOWN THE LINE"
•'•¦•'.¦• By* Howard Jacot. ••-". -. ¦ • .¦•.., '.-
A Peerlees Burlesque Admirably Buns; and
. : - :,'. ."¦;"¦:--•- '¦--AcUd."".---:-- ";-.-;¦¦ ¦
GORGEOUSLY/ MOUNTED.
. :. v ElKbteen Actual Novelties.
Nl»htS..V. '...:*..¦.:........;...... 26c. 60c. 75a
Saturday and Sunday Matinees 23c, 6Oo
Children at Matinees....'.-.. . I..'... 1 '. I0o and 23o
y MISCELIiANTEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
r rBASEB|lJL^; : '
OAKLAND vs. TACOMA" *
• at RECREATION ¦ PARK. 1
- , ¦. ' Eighth and \ Harrison - streets.
WEDNESDAY.? -THURSDAY. ! FRIDAY. 3:IB
•• ;..-_!. .', r. ¦ T; '---¦ ¦ P. M. r s-; i. V.- V ."¦- (
SATURDAY.. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY,* 2:30 P. A M.
LADIES , FREE :. THURSDAY ." AND FRIDAY.
Advance sale ¦, of '/ seats v at & ' Stockton . street.'
To-Day
On Every Purchase of $1.00 or Over There Will Be
"Something Doing"
To the Amount of $1.00
¦ m A^«atVelL^
Pragers $5.00 Millinery
Original and Exclusive Styles
Different From Anything Ever Shown
"This great Saturday offering does not include only $5.00
values— that is merely the price* we are selling them at— the
real worth andfor.which they may be secured in other stores
is from $7.00 to $10.00. You will be convinced of this if ' you
visit this department to-klay.
Every hat is truly artistic, and just as much attention and
work has been given them- as on the most expensive ones.
We intend to make the i
"Prager $5.00 hat" synony-
mous with the* best mil-
nllle Braid Hat. trith ahir-
x I^i hackle breast; there Is a
- mjll I lar^« «hlrTea puff of orange and trcmn
f^tl I velvet around the crown, givlnc the hat
/ a very s wajger effect.
OOVTZHBSTAXi TUJtBABT. " - :-^
'A black braid Continental Turban trimmed daintily with black plumes
and soft twist of velvet.
OAxnotOBOvax.
This Is an unusually pretty black silk Gainsborough Hat; it baa a bunch
of tips, with satin ribbon and velvet for the, trimming.
8XLX HAT. , '
A White Moire Silk Hat, with white plumes and trimmings ot whits and
burnt orange plush.
• . ' ' TT7XSASS.
Terra Cotta Velvet Turban, finished with handsome wlnga of harmonis-
ing shades. There is also a facing of silk to match.
Jj^ ALWAYS RELIABLE
A 1238- 1250 MARKET ST Z&>
A Grand Orchestral Concert win be given this afternoon from 2
to 5 o'clock and in the evening from 730 to 10 o'clock.
I*OSTU3I ¦ CEREAL.
Will solve the problem
when a coffee-
drinker is
pOSTUM
G«t the famous little .book, --'.The
Rvad to Well vjlle," in each . package.
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
you f$tm\
should l^ase'sl
READ ¦,, A^ jyjjj JT
V W* -¦ "-'¦¦ ' ¦"'
rlv/XGlv.
PHLATE
'-'— BY—
C. SIDNEY PATERNOSTER
•12 tno. "with cover design by BLANCHE}
: McMANUa, and FronUceplece. $1.60.' ,
¦ ¦". ' ¦¦ — ¦ — /-.-. • - ¦¦ ;'
- (Fourth Printing.) .
Nlqto^R^ detect-
' STORIES):
\>*M& DOIV'T fAILTO
j .
aHlfl W£ frobnv the EMPIrS
ii'zAi* A \ PALM ROOM, tho
Grand Lgpj^&
Hotels RmMQ |
patents! a
330 MARKET ST. &3*S%MWOULD . PLANTS MEMORIAL f.TREB.^-Or
lnda /Parlor, N. • D., G.~,.W.,-; yesterday ' peti
tioned : the ; Supervisors j for . permission to 1 plant
a ¦ memorial « tree .r to r '.'Pioneer Mothers" ¦ i n
Flames Threaten Escondido.
SAN^ _DIEGO, I Oct. 21.— Fierce fires
are sweeping " the mountains and . can-
yons; in i the,5'icinl ty of • Escondido 'and
are ;' approaching the town^from two
sides. . .¦'¦"' ¦'¦•.._"¦''¦' ''¦-.' "' " ;¦¦;-*'.'
Morley "" A*f ter Christy ; aiatthewson.
.•;;;¦ SEATTLE, Oct., 2 l.^-James ;• Morjey,
manager f of . the Los ; Angeles ;: Pacific
Coast ; League L teamVi has -closed , deals
wlth^ Hans ; .Wagner, of the i.Pittsburg
National League team 'and with" Frank
ChahceTof 4 theVChicag6; Nationals. V w He
is also after. Christy! Mattlie waotT'of the
New^ York> Nationals. ,; '¦}¦': ¦.-.; ¦ . ;,;... .-.
Chance and } Wagner, have ; already.
beenV;signed for - the;' balance :';of .?• the
season ' and * a'telegram "received ; to-day
says f, Mat the iwson t has * "sent v his '; terms
and thatthey^willbeacceptedlby Mor
ley, ¦.'"" ; ' "' ¦'-',' "'-''¦'''¦'yi'l^^SSS^^'''^'-^'''""-'' : "'
' "The carnival of . crime - is becoming l a
iittle'more] carnivorous; • *
Five of the „ victims \ of "the alleged
bunko game . at the ; Ocean \ Beach]
which was 1 raided on Thursday "night
by Detective Ryan and ¦ Taylor, : swore
to complaints before Police Judge Ca
baniss yesterday , .'• Edward
Williams with petty " larceny; \ three of
them charging John Williams and two
of them charging ; J. } C. \Holly -\ .with a
similar "offense.;; • They ; are : :; Leonard
Luppoc, 64 Sharon street, who lost , $2 ;
F. . Kuhne, 116 - First rstreet,. who lost
% i 5 ; F. Luchun, ; 1 1 6 ; Folsom. ; street,
who lost ; $15 ;• George Rosenberg, 125
Grove street, who lost $48, and Fabian
Often/ Commercial and Drumrh' streets;
who lost $19.' Charles ; W. .ydsmer; the
proprietor : of * the game,, and ?¦ James'
Tyler are still in vVthe; tanks.", *'
Alleged Bunko Men Charged.
Peter Tojnera sued the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company for $299 damages
for injuries sustained In falling from
a gangplank on the " steamship Peru
while employed by the company. '
O..C Grindell sued the Joshua Hen-
Ay Machine Works, for"/ $29 9 for ser-
Suit was filed yesterday in the Jus
tices' Court by Claus Semberg to re
cover $29 9 from L. Loss. The plain
tiff alleges that he. went Into the de
fendant's saloon at 8 Clay street and
ordered a glass of gin, adding that
instead of gin Loss gave him an acid
which burned the plaintiff and caused
him severe injury and suffering.
Suit was also filed by H. Schultz
against K. O'Grady for 1 2 2 5 . on a
complaint that O'Grady sold him* a
mare named "Enchantress," which he
represented as gentle, but -which
broke Schultz'« buggy. and proved.'un
fit, for driving purposes.
Claus Semberg: Flics Suit Against Sa
loon-Kecper for Injuries He
Says He 'Sustained.
vices - performed - and , >¦ material '; fur
nished at* the ; request -of '¦ the .def ehd
ant corporaUon. V ;,
Sylvester Gall was drowned off
Howard pier No. 2 about half past 1,
o'clock yesterday^ morning. The night
watchman on the transport dock saw
Gall and four other men pass him at
that hour. All appeared to be under
the Influence of liquor. A short time
afterward the four men returned and
informed the watchman that ' Gall had
Jumped overboard and drowned. The
body was grappled for and recovered
several hours later by Joe Conley and
W. O'Neill. The Coroner .was unable
to ' ascertain the Identity . of • the"; four
men. • Gall ; was a ; marine ; fireman,^ 24
years old. He arrived ¦ here last April
by; the liteamshlp' Mongolia. ,
Four Strangers in His Company Early
In the Morning Just Before He
Went Overboard.
Captain John Metcalfe, first vice
president; Arthur Inkersley, secretary
of the California Cricket Association,
and Dr. O. . 1>J. Taylor, vice-captain of
the Pacific Cricket Club, conferred with
John McLaren, superintendent ' of
Golden' Gate Park, recently about the
cricket ground which the Park Com
missioners . propose to provide in the
people's playground. The site proposed
is oh the south side of the Park, to 'the
south of the Spreckels music stand and
to the west of the polo field. When some
trees have been cut down and grubbed
out and the 'ground-, leveled a fair
ground can be made. Work will begin
soon. I
When the great . athletic ground is
ready for use, which will , not be for
more ; than a year, there will be a
large, perfectly level space of 450 feet
by 350 feet inside -the runnings track
and the superintendent" says that this
might be available for cricket players.
Meanwhile, however, the, ground, to .the
west. of the polo field will be prepared.'
This is sheltered by well grown trees
and will make a suitable spot for the
game.' Cricketers resident In this city
will be • delighted to have a ground
within easy reach for practice and
more accessible .to spectators than any
field on the Alameda side of the bay. ':
' Henry Ward, secretary of the < Ala-'
meda .Cricket: Club,, has prepared the
batting' and bowling raverages of-;the
members for the season just ended. G.
Harold Ward, the" captain of ; the team,'
heads -the 'batting averages with 25.50
runs per ; innings. ' The details are
shown in the tables: ' ' -
ALAMEDA 1 CRICKET CLUB BATTING AV
. ERAGES,. 1904." . , ',. |
: . w -..'- - ' ~~ £ .H SJ 3 >• .
BATSMEN./ - ' S J ?•-• = i*.
,'.'¦' i' ' " ::.;"•¦.' ' - "'' er " a t ;•"'-'¦.
1 <¦ ' ¦ . ¦ S a o ' I : *
-•...•••:.:•', y,p: ??¦=:,
Gi II. "Ward:.V.....r.:..... 12|2i)4|"l " 4 23.'50
8. M. Foster................ 12|219 5»» 221. SO
F. J. •¦Croll'.. '...'.. 11215141 O 19.65
J. ' H.iSaunders.... -."...:.... 4 38 19 2 19. OO
F/ A^Stahl.y............... 11 204 30 0 18.55
F.J. Bennlon.............. 7 87 (M* 2 17.40 '
Harry; Bird -..:;-.. ¦.....;.... 0 80 40 '0 14.8.1
George Croll ~'...V..;.V... *.-.•. 6 "86 27- 0 14.33
W." H. 'McN'aughton....;... 11 154 45 .0 14.00
V.'Secbeck, ....:.:......;.. 3 33:24 0 UTrtfl
O.'vl. * Baugh... r. ."..-......% 10 07 20' 0 0. 7O
W. . O.'Fortmann;;:'. ...¦...; ,8 38 14- 10 B.00
J. "Brown ¦-.'.".... '0 .0 3 1 1.80
C. V Banner •'.':..... *...r...".. J . S '8 !| If 1.50
', .'Not. OUt. '.,,..-. u > :'.;.-. . i'V.\ ¦¦
ALAMEDA- CRICKET CLUB BOWLING AV
• ¦¦:, ¦ i --. v..-..-.-; ERAOES. 1904. ,-. ¦'-¦¦ V. :
.'j > BOWLERS. ;.;;;-- 1; Runs-Vl Wickets. Average.
G.-H. "Ward.....".! ¦ 510 . . 41 12.48 -
F. A: SUhl...... 135" ¦ 111- ' 12.27
F: J. Croll . .'..". V. . 355 - .26 ; - 13.80 >
S. M. Footer :r..:« ; 16.1 8 . : 20.37 ,
,.W". G. Fortmann.. IC3 " ' ; 5 .-¦ 33.60'
ASKS FOR GIN AND
IS SERVED WITH ACID
MYSTERIOUS DROWNING
OF MARINE -'FIREMAN
Justice of the Peace Baldwin of
Eureka has fined Roy Eppa $ 25 for
killing ducks during the close season.
Judge Austin of; Los Angeles fined D.
Levy J20 yesterday for having under
sized striped bass in his , possession.
Justice of the ; Peace Craigrhill 1 of San
ta Cruz has fined George and Charles
Amaya v $25' each for . shooting ducks
after dark. Bert LitUefleld. Charles
Brashear and G. Peterlln have been
fined ,425 'each, in Amador County
courts for violations of ; the ; quail law.
Game Law Violators Fined.
Beaten dogs stake — Brewery Maid, Fre«
From - Flaw, Courtly Guest. Cavale tte. Erma
Hotfoot. Flannt gan. . Idaho . Boy. Bella Lloyd.
Lady Menlo, Jerry Wright. Pepper Jack. Roll
ins Boer, Amelia Cascade. Agitator, Concord
Bor, Maid of the Glen, Good as Gold, Rlcho
ehet. Her Boy. Pure Pearl. Ltttla Freda.
Silent Water. Gold Lily. Ked Brick, Haughty
Helen. .- Haddlngton. Dartaway.
, Reserve stake — Colored Lady. Old Ironsides.
May Tunison, , Melllnwood. . 'Aerodh, Frank
Dunn. Plcadllly,- Tom Hurllck, Commercial
Traveler. Vina. Choo Choo, Loretta. Lucky
Shamrock, • Mabel 8, Fretter. Pasha Pleasant.
Champion stake — Full Moon. Pocatelli. Fair
Tralee. Barge. Duhallow. Princess Savoy. Fair
Flyinz. ' Friendless > Boy. . . - - -
A champion stake with Pocatelli.
Barge, Full Moon. Friendless Boy and
other noted hounds will be run to
morrow at Ingleside Coursing Park.
Three rounds of one stake will be run
to-day." The likely winners:
Reserve stake — Moonbeam, Moon Hecnan, Ml
Ami go. Queen's Motto. Master Garrison. Lulu
Girl, Vandal. Tralee Boy. Hermls. Sacramento
Boy. Fancy Free, Oulda. Jack Short. Poincet
tia, Sofata. Aggie W, Panoche, Star Sylvanm,
False Alarm. Aeolus, Miss Domestic. Amandan.
Mollie Me. Galveston. Ready Address. Mis*
Erummal, lone Hill. Fearless Lad. Paul Dun
bar, Sherman, Lord Brazen. Gold Chain. Im
perious. Story's Sister. Racine Auto. Red Rock.
Daisy Rocket. Haphazard, Honest John. Rapid
"Water.' Dorothy M. Silver Cloud. Young: Tpm
rr.y R, Remlsso Animo. Rose of Gold. Run
away Actress, Apple Blossom and Orslna.
stop at Valencia street. The likely
winners look to be:
Class stake — Frisky Barbara. Valley Prlda.
Agile Spurt. High Bora. Pomona. Richard An
ton. Tom Hooker and J E H.
\T.< J. ; Crohln and Pat; Reilly, < both
veterans ,.at . the coursing .game, will
have - unusually strong strings in the
running. -
.'The first round .of a ninety-six-dog
irtake will . be ? run to-day , at 3 Union
Park. A class stake '.will 'be . run • to
morrow^-'' i Ttie r 1 0 : 3 0 T. train { will ".'not
"J"_ George ; Sharmari .will start ; six. In
cluding '' Carlo w , Boy, High Born,
Aeolus and. Lost-phord. ". '. ,
j Lacy .Crawford will start Agile
Spurt, Tom Hooker, and Paul DunbaF.
James Sweeney, will be represented by
Richard ;-AntonV.iMcVey; Belle Marie,
Rocked. AsleepjandRaby Aurora.
; John .'.'Dennis' is~ putting a' sharp" edge
on Renegade : Apache. r The Referee,
Story's Sister, ; Sherman and 1 Racing
Auto. ¦.'¦•'.•¦¦•-,.•'¦•'..¦".- ",";,'- ¦ •:¦',¦.-..•.'.
""George Dayton of Lincoln, Neb., will
have Lucy Clair, which is competing
in the Waterloo, returned here for the
cup event. ; .¦••';..'
- Wilson " and Allen of Victor, Iowa,
will send on the dogs in* their string
which make the best showing in the
Futurity..; and in^ the Waterloo.
. "Against 'these' Eastern dogs the
coast owners will pit. a formidable list
of tried performers. Sacramento will
have Pocatelli; the fastest ' greyhound
on"' the coast, together with . Etarge;
Friendless Boy, Charter Member, Belle
Freel.Fillle R| La Rosa and Valley
pride/iiggSBSii HBRHaSSf
: The Montana coursing men respond
ed liberally with entries immediately
upon learning of the change in dates.
Blake and Smith reserved three , nom
inations; D. Doherty. , two; : George
Macdougall, three, . and Wilkinson
Noall,- three. ." *
The officials in charge of the John
Grace Challenge Cup stake for grey
hounds, which will have a value > of.
$3500 this year, have given heed to
the 'repeated requests of Eastern own
ers and have postponed the event for
two weeks. It will be run on November
12 and 13.
GREYHOUNDS OF* MONTANA
H: TO RUN ON THIS COAST
Clark answers that during the term
of his service he was to receive $7500
per annum salary, with the privilege
to draw against the same at any time
during the year, j provided that he did
not draw beyond the "stated amount.
Instead of being in debt to the! firm
Clark says he allowed his employers
to use a large part of his salary in
their business, which they promised to
repay as soon as they disposed of a
certain gold- mine' in Mexico. The
mine, Clark -alleges, was sold and had
there been an accounting it -would
have disclosed a. large balance due
him. He now demands an accounting
un,der the direction of the court.;
His attorneys ' are '¦'¦ George , H. V Perry
and CanTpbell, Metson & Campbell."
An answer in cross-complaint will
be filed this morning An the suit lately
begun in the Superior Court by Cat
ton,. Bell & Co., shipping and commis
sion merchants, 406 California "street,
against their former manager, ,W. . F.
Clark, for $7681 4 8 alleged to have
been advanced to Clark while in their
employ.
W. F. Clark, Claiming Cation, Bell
& Co. Are Ills Debtors, Asks for.
an Accounting;.
MANAGER 7 BRINGS CROSS
SUIT AGAINST EMPLOYERS
The San Francisco Yacht Club will
bold its closing dinner and jinks at
the clubhouse at Sausalito to-night,
dinner beginning at 7 o'clock and the
jinks at 8:30. Ferry-boats leave San
Francisco for Sausalito at - 5:15, 6:30
and 7:15 p. m., while the returning fer
ry-boat leaves Sausalito at 10:40 p. m.
Launches leaving the clubhouse at
midnight will bring guests back to the
.city.
This afternoon the fleet of the
Corinthian Yacht Club will cruise from
its rfioorlngs in Belvedere to Corin
thian Cove, where anchor will be
dropped for the night. To-morrow
morning Port Captain John H. Keefe
¦will convey the provisions and a few
guests in a launch to the cove. The
annual baseball game will be played
on shore. • >- -
The California Yacht Club has no
event set down on its programme for
to-day or to-morrow,, but next Satur
day, the 29th Inst., will hold Its clos
ing jinks at the clubhouse on Oakland
Creek. The closing cruise In squadron
xvill be made on Sunday, the 30th.
The South Bay yachtsmen will take
an afternoon sail to-morrow, starting
'from Alviso at 12 noon. On Sunday,
the SOth Inst., there will be a barbecue
The California yacht Club Building
Association has laid the foundation for
its new clubhouse just off the Key
route pier and already has steps and
a landing. The work of raising funds
for the clubhouse, however, has pro
gressed slowly, and some time seems
likely to elapse before the yachtsmen
of Oakland Creek are installed in their
new quarters. /
The yachting season on San Fran
cisco Bay will be closed on the 30th
inst. It has been a successful and a
pleasant one, the race for the perpet
ual challenge cup having contributed
to sustain the interest. The cruises
and scheduled events of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club have not been so well
attended ! as they should have been.
The Corinthian events have passed off
with the usual spirit and - eclat, the
most notable being the entertainment
of the members of the Family Club at
Paradise Cove. The Corinthians won
by far the largest share of the Mac
donough cups at the annual' interclub
regatta. , It had been hoped that an
other contest would have been seen on
September 9 between the Challenger
and the Corinthian, but the Corinthian
was laid up and dismantled in Stone's
yard almost immediately after the
race for the perpetual cup.
and high jinks at the clubhouse at
noon.
Tiburon Amateurs Cruise To-Nigbt to Corinthian Cove
¦-After Smith had commenced to dress
he was told by one of the , committee
that Whitney demanded the third set
by default. To say Smith was sur
prised when he heard this would . be
putting it mildly.
' Even" if the players had not'agreedto
cease playing at a certain time and "if
darkness had not been imminent Whit
ney's demand | is one - that has never
been made, before. In the •history { of
tennis, no man has ever insisted on his
right to a default when his opponent
has been disabled. •
•Even" If Smith. had been able to con
tinue -It- Is doubtful if "one more set
could have been played before '. dark,
and surely not^ one like /the first set.
Smith - has been afflicted with' cramps
for the last six years ( '"as every one
/who has ' followed tennis at all closely
knows. " -
~ In . . the tournament for the ... St&.te
championship held a year • ago at 5 San
Rafael, Whitney, in- his match with
Harry "Wiehe, committed a "- worse of -*
fense than Smith did* last" Sunday. 5 ; The
match," like fthatVof last , Sunday, Iwas
started. late In the afternpon.;Welhe.w6n
the' first set-6-1 and had a slight lead* in
the second Bet when Whitney declared
the light was" poor and wal ked "off [ the
courts.' This without consulting; either
his opponent ; or the committee. : J Whit-;
neyr was hot 'defaulted, 'but played, the
followin day, arid "won. x?
; Whitney^ will meet Morris" Hotchkiss
In* V; the *¦ semi-finals r to-morrow.; •';.' Mac-
Gavlri wlll'play the winner of the Code^
Grlfflh'match. r~ * ; •
At this stage of the game Smith got
a bad cramp in his leg and retired to
the club house.
The i.ehief topic of conversation
among the tennis players this week Is
the match between R. N. Whitney and
Grant Smith which was started but not
completed on the park courts last Sun
day. It was a clever exhibition of ten
nis, and throughout the first two sets
there was absolutely no display of Ill
feeling between the contestants.
The first set was close and . went to
Smith by a small margin. \ He also won
the second set by a score of G-4.
The third set was started after 5
o'clock 'when darkness was but a few
minutes off. Whitney won the first
point of the opening game, and Smith
won the second, making the score
15-15.
Players Discuss the Contro
versy Between Ex-Cham
pions Smith and Whitney
Harold Ward Stands at Head
of Club Batting List and
Has Captured Most Wickets
SPACE IN PARK
FOR CRICKETERS
TENNIS MATCH
STIRS COMMENT
would drive the birds back to . the
preserves in search of food. The bay
is fairly carpeted- with ducks down
about Alvaradb. They remain out in
the smooth water during the day with
nothing to disturb them. At night
they 50 inland in quest of feed. . -
As. indicating the .number Y>f guns
afield last Sunday seven car loads of
sportsmen returned- from the: lower
Alameda marshes. Down at Redwood
City eighty men were registered at
one hotel.
The members of the Alameda Gun
Club, who have an extensive preserve
on the Sonoma marsh, had poor, shoot
ing on the opening day. The average
for twenty-two guns was only twelve
birds.
The Montezuma Club, which is
something of a family organization,
had a successful opening day at the
Collinsville preserve. The wives of
three members were on hand with six
teen gauge guns and enjoyed the sport.
President W. W. Richards and wife
secured twenty ducks. Six of these
were "red heads," a species of canvas
back, but a rarer bird. George H.
Newman and wife had a splendid
string of mallard and canvasback. Mr.
and Mrs. T. J. Walsh, J. F. Nickels
and -W. C. Swain all had moderate
sized strings of big birds. The ponds
are full of feed and "cans" wera fly
ing about, but. the shooters had not
Julius Bruns, Jack Karney and
Charles Breitenstein shot at Sears
Point. The weather was too mild for
good sport.
Quail . are /reported numerous, but
they will not lie close. They take
to the trees 'at once. It is expected
they _will provide better sport after
they are shot at once or twice.
preserve. A. M. Cummlng secured
forty splendid birds. A. D. Harrison
brought down nineteen and A. F. Hop
ke - twenty. Mr. Cummlng saw six
"cans,*' but they were out of range.
Nine members of the Pastime Club
secured, limit bags at Mount Eden on
opening day.
Charles Shaw had a good shoot at
Alvarado. Joe BickerstofC and Pete
McRae were among the men who se
cured limit bags at Mount Eden.
J. Harvey killed twenty-six ducks
near Vallejo. R. C. Reed picked up
twenty-three at Napa.
Down at the Empire Club there
were a lot of birds, but they moved
out in a hurry when shooting began.
F. Blair Turpin, J. B. Hauer and a
third member secured a joint bag of
ninety. X.
Ed. Kerrison shot at Antioch and
secured a string of mallards and some
English snipe. Dave Herefleld, shoot-
Ing In the same district, killed twen
ty-four, principally mallard. He
secured one "can."
Altogether the, situation is quite sat
isfatory to those who hope for a victory
for California this year. *
made by the varsity against. the Mult
nomah last Tuesday has been a source
of great encouragement to players;
coaches and the general student body
in view of the fact that Stanford could
not score on the northern team. .
The blue and gold eleven is working
more coherently than heretofore and
several new plays are being practiced.
Coach Hopper is laboring assiduously
to make his men' play more rapidly.
There is an opportunity for great im
provement in this respect.
The players are all in excellent con
dition and few calls have to be made
upon the doctors. Heitmuller Is do
ing well with the punting and the
ends are getting down faster to nail
the man who catches the ball. The
interference is growing much better.
The men on the rush line are. doing
as Tvell almost as could be expected
of them, with the exception of the
ends. The quarterback's position .is
a trifle weak, but Kitrelle and other
candidates . for the place are. getting
plenty of work cut out for them. A
few tricks have been learned and. are
being tried occasionally on the sec
ond eleven.
FORCE OF CALIFORNIA TRYINCt FOR A GOAL FR03I PLACEMENT, WHILE CAPTAIN STROUD IS PRACTICING PASSING BALL.
The Blue and Gold has probably
the best of the argument in running
backs. Kern is the best half in the
Western game to-day, according tp
the men who know football and have
seen both teams play. Lasater Is cer
tain to gain more ground in the big
contest than "Jim" unless the
Cardinal man learns to get his head
down. Bansbach and Stott are both
superior to Kitrelle at auarter - be
cause of the latter's slowness.- Cali
fornia has other candidates for the
position, however, and should be
much stronger in any event for the
bier same than she is to-day.
Stroud is in a class by himself at
center, and Stern, Force and Heitmul
ler are well worthy to help him in
the line. California's ends at pres
ent are inferior to Stanford's in
breaking up plays and getting down
on punts. Up to date the Blue and
Gold line is much 'better than Stan
ford's, but with Sprott and Thompson
back in the game the Cardinal will
make an improved showing. Stanford
needs a strong line to stop Mead,
White, Graves. Kern and Lasater.
Neither team has shown that it
possesses any particularly strong play
if exception is made of the Cardinal
outside-of- tackle plunge which Cali
fornia will surely learn how to stop
before November 12. Stanford needs
some one who is a sure punter to go
into the championship contest.
If the Blue and Gold detachment
does not - go stale and if Lanagan
makes the possible and expected im»
provements in his team., the betting
should be even for the big game.
The championship football game be
tween the University of California and
the Stanford University teams is only
three weeks distant and none of the
critics dares hazard an opinion •»«» to
which squad is the better. A com
parison of scores furnishes food for ar
gument but gives no light on the situ
ation. The average eleven from the
Blue and Gold varsity squad of six
teen men is at least a touchdown
stronger than Lanagan's average team
of from twenty-five to thirty men. That
does not prove by any menas that the
number of men who may play . for
California can defeat the same num
ber of cardinal supporters. Lana
gan's wonderful achievement last year
in bringing his men to the pink of
condition on the day of the big game
leads the critics to conclude he will
do so again next month.
There is such a thine as bringing
men into shape too quickly and then
having them pro stale. This is Cali
fornia's greatest danger at. present.
"Pete" Smith, "All-American" Cava
naugh and a number of other grid
iron experts believe Coach Hopper is
playing too few men and using them
too hard. Lanagan plays his pre
liminary games exclusively for prac
tice and gives every possible candidate
for the- varsity a chance to show
whnt he can do. California plays
every game to win.
TARS AT BASEBALL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 21.
— The week ha* been fruitful of great
Improvement in the playing of Stan
ford's varsity squad. With the fresh
men out of the way, the two big
teams have had unhampered posses
sion of the field and undivided atten
tion from the coaches, a state of af
fairs that has shown marked results
already. Another circumstance fa
vorable to rapid improvement is the
fact that most of the men who were
off duty on account of injuries have
resumed their moleskins and are
again working: back into form.
C. E. Hyde, a strong: candidate for
varsity center, is aerain in the field,
after a vacation of two weeks with
water on the knee. West, an aspirant
for right, and who was suffering the
same malady, is able to practice again.
Sunny Jim Weller. the Cardinal star
fullback, was sent to bed last night
threatened with a watery kneecap, but
escaped a severe case. He is playing
with a special knee harness imported
from the East to protect him against
a renewal of the injury.
Shields, who injured his hand in the
machine-shop several days ago, is the
only veteran player now off the squad.
If he returns before any further
casualties occur It will be the first
time since the season's beginning that
Stanford has mustered her full var
sity force.
The advent of two more old players
this week has changed- Stanford's out
look materially. W. K. Sprott, who
made his appearance Wednesday, is
one of the strongest tackles ever pro
duced by the cardinal. The problem
of organizing a rush line has been sim
plified by his addition, but has brought
up a pretty problem for the coaches.
It is probable that Shields will be put
back into the center position, where he
was tried for a while recently, and
Freshman Horton substituted in his
old position of left tackle.
Preston is the other veteran who ap
peared this week. He will make a
strong try for risht end against Smith,
last year's varsity player. Preston \
made his "S" in 1902, but was out with
an injury last season.
Roosevelt and Dole, the two varsity
men who were released from the hos
pital last week, are able to go into the
hardest scrimmage work and their
strength is being felt plainly. Dole's ,
punting is growing more effective •
dally.
Twenty minutes' scrimmage work be
tween the first and second elevens has I
become a regular part of the daily
routine. In this practice Head Coach
Lanagan directs the work of the var
fcity, while Assistant Coach Hauver
cian guides the second team. The two
EQuads seem almost equally strong now
and the varsity has to put forth every
effort to secure one touchdown in the
time allowed. Increase of speed and
better team work mark the practice
each day. »
None Dares Hazard an Opinion
as to Outcome of Gama
Next Month,
Marked Improvement
Shown in Practice
at Stanford.
ALL AT SEA
ARE CRITICS
OF GRIDIRON
COACHES ARE ACTIVE
Berkeley Men Practice
New Plays on the
Gridiron.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21.— The foot
ball squad has . shown marked im
provement during the last week and
the prospects of turning out a cham
pionship team are .growing brighter
day by day. The splendid showing
COLLEGE ELEVENS SHOW NEARLY EQUAL STRENGTH
THE SAN FRANeiSGP^GALL;%SATURDAY,lOGTOBER; i 22,: 1904.
While the majority.of the sportsmen
who were out" on opening day re
turned with good strings of ducks, the
shooting: was not up to the standard
of other years.- The unexpected storm
scattered birds over the face of the
country wherever there were small
bodies of fresh water.
The owners- of. preserves are hoping
for a spell of cold, dry .weather which
counted on them and had outmixed
decoys.
Hermann Oelrichs and a guest had
a good shoot on the former's preserve
on Wednesday.
Many sportsmen were out and report
that the birds are coming back, al
though they do not work right for
shooting. The evening shoot proved
the best. A number of members of
the Field and Tule Club were on- their
Cold Weather Is Required
To Improve the Shooting
DUCKS TAKE TO THE BAY
AND AVOID SPORTSMEN
10ST. LOUIS, Oct. 21.^-The entries for
to-morrow's races at . Delmar track
follow: •
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Memphlan • 106, .- Flyer ¦ 107, Gerda 107. Jaks
Weber 105, Sara Lazarus 105, Catherine Knox
100, '¦ Pompey 100, • Dr.' Rlley - 100. ' Birdie Stone
100, ¦ Flori ; 97, - Sweet Note . •5,'. Tattenham 95,
Torlo 95. . Ba vnpswn*4MMMMiapiitti
Second race/ the Forest handicap, one mile—'
Layson 106,' Violin 100,; Dromio. 92. ' (Violin
and '• Layson, Hayes ! entry.> T g»HsBBflB
Third - race, one " mile and eeventy » yards,
selling — Gas Lighter 110, Oudenarda 107, Avoid
107. Dr. Kler > 106, , Mindora. • 105, : Frank Rica
105. V Behoove 102, .' Dawaon 102, Lyrist 00
Check Morgan 93, Algonquin 93. Amberita 93
Fourth race, ¦ one : and a. sixteenth miles,"
handicap— Aden . 114, ' Pretension 109, Lubln
1WJ, Footlights Favorite '104,; Jack Young 102,
Taby ;Tosa; 100, Flora Wllloughby 97,^ Orient
•0. - " I'lHlillffl >Wff1OTaiBtJHiiWftW^ttftaXwSS
— Fifth race.' six furlongs, selling— Byplay 104,
Escobosa i 103,', Jungle ' Imp 09, Jack Moran 08
The Eye 98. Argosy 88. Kitty. Belle Brooks 96,
John Randolph 05. Ollie Burnett 96. Lady Lou
05. Mell wood 93, Tartan > 93. McJetta OO.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs,' selling-
Felix '¦ Mozzes 100. j Tommy Knight 108, Wolf
ram lOS.-^Whlskers 107, Miss Mannen -105,"
Howling Dervish 105, Lanra Hunter 104," Ben
sonhum t * 104, - Tom i Mankins 1 104," Princa Light
108, Albany Girl 102, Tom Rowe ICO, Atlas 97.
V.Seventh race," 1 one , and < three-sixteenth miles,
sellinc — Burke c Cochran • 105, a Marlin * 104, ; Sam
Craic ; 103. Extol - 103, Mainspring * 102. Sabot
95, Sanctlssima 95, ¦ Imboden ' 94, Alcom R 91;
Lemon Girl 91, Jollier, 88. . /•.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— On* and three-etghths miles;
three-year-olds and>Qp:jMvsVSDHMM
Betting. Home, Weight, Jockey. 1 St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Bengal. 102 (S.Dlckson). 4 12 12'
30 to 1— Compass, 102 (Williams) 7 2 2 2 1
.7 to 5— Miss Eon. 102 (McLghn) 9 6 V* 3 nk
* Time. 2:26%. Start good. Won easily. Wra
ner.'.C'K. Burnett & Co.'s ch. ¦ g. (7) by Ben
Strome-Begum. Jollier 03. Barca 100, Hucena
102, Illuminate^ 102, Secundus 97, Murmur 102,
finished as nandHMMBiMMBRi
Favorites 3Iake a Good Showing at
Delmar Track. .!
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 21.-— Favorites. had
alfair ' afternoon to-day, ? three first
ch6ice8,,,one J Becondv choice* and two
long "- shots getting / the . money. Iver
nla r ran v a ' fine race in the feature
event? and "was ¦ the - best . in . spite of
Liddon's .bad fall. [ The* weather; was
clear farid the track • fast.', Attendance
6000. -Summary: •
FIRST ! RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and' upward: ¦ -. . -.
Betting," Horae, Weight. Jockey, St. »4 Fin.
i 4 to 1— L Churchill, B5 (Emblen) 5 5 % 12
i:j to 1— M.of Order, 95 (Dlckson) 1 » 1 1 • 2 1
25 to 1— BirdPond. > 105 < JHennsy) 7 i 2 % 3 1
• Time. • 1 :10. Start fair/: Won - easily. ; Win
ner ' ¦ B. Schreiber' s ' b. : m. = (4) -: by - Balgo wan-
Yankee Helress.ii Dusky Secret 100, .Flagstaff
03, •-; Sky , Flyer \ 100, 7. Jennie ; Hughes 105, 8t.
Winlf rede » 106, * Lady 1 Stone 95, ; Orla 90, For
riella 00. Qabril , 100, ¦ finished as named.
THREE FIRST CHOICES IiAND.
Siwashes Wallop the Angel Pitctiers
for Seventeen Clean Hits.
. SEATTLE, Oct. 21. — Seattle had all
the luck to-day and beat Los Angeles
without even giving* her a chance to
show fight. The features:"of the* game
were the pitching of Hogg, who was
released by, Portland, and the slug
ging of the Slwashes. They got sev
enteen hits with a .total .of thirty,
bases. Score:
Lob Angeles — t Beattle-^-
AB.R.H. PA.! AB.R. H.P.A.
Brd,rf-cf 4 110 0 j VanH.ef 5 2 3 3 0
Chase, 2b 3 Oil 3!Mohlr,2b-4 8454
J.Smh.3b 4 0 0 1 1 C.Smh.rf 5 2 3 10
Dvh.rf-cf 4 0 12 2 Frisk.lf.. 3 120 0
Brhsr.lb 8 118 OiLeahy.c. 4. 1 8 5 0
Toman.s 4 0 1 1 2 Mahon,3b 3 10 2 2
Ross.lf.. 3 0 2 3 OHall.s... 5 1 2 3 2
gpien.c. 4 0 0 K lj James, lb 3 0 0 8 0
Baum.p.. 2 0 0 0 1 iloes.p... 5 0 0 0 4
Gray.p.. l'O 0 0 1 , -
— Totals 37 11 17 27 12
Totals 82 2 7 24 11 '
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
I Seattle ..........2 20 2 2 1 0 2 x— 11
1 Base hits 3 3 12 2 2 2 ' 2 x— IT-
I Lob Angeles.. 110 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
. Base hits....... 1 2 0 0 1. 1 0.1 1—7
SUMMART.
\- Errors— Leahy, ¦ Chase 2, : = Stolen bate — Van
1 Haltren. Two.base hits— Leahy, Rius Hal^
Frisk, Van Haltren. Mohler.-- Bernard, - Cra
vath. - Three-baia. hits— Mohler. .C. Smith 2,
Van Haltren. > Sacrifice hits— Frisk, James,
Chare. Double plays — Russ ¦ Hall; Mohler and
James: Buss Hall ¦ and ' James. First base on
called fcaHE — Off Hogg 1. off Baum 4, off Gray
3 Hit by pitched ball— Roes. .- Struck ¦ out —
By Hogg 6, by Baum 1. by Gray 3.- Innings
"itchtd — Baum 4, Gray 4. Hits — Off. Baum ¦».-'
Paseed ' ball— Leahy. Wild- pitches— Hogg,
Gray. Time of game — One hour and .60 mln.
utes. Umpire-McDonald,
FIFTH. RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up: : - - "
Bcttinc. Horse; Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Sid Silver, 110 (Young). .. 4 14 13
6 to 1— One More. 105 (Cheatham) 8 2 12 1
2 to 1— St. Daniel. 08 (S.Dlckson) 5 4 13 1
Tim*-, 1:08%. Start good.. Won easily..Win
ner, H. Robinson's b. g. - (-0 • by Siddartha-
Silver Band. Bob Curt 100, Thisbe 105.. Maver
ick 105. Jake Ward 100, Oerda 110. Marchion
ess 105. - Tangent 108, . Cad Hazel 110, finished
as named.
BAU3I AND GRAY GET THEIRA
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Oct. 11.— Two
world's .records were broken to-day
at Memphia Driving Park. C. K- O.
Billings of Chicago was the driver In
each event. Prince Direct and Morn
ing . Star, driven to pole, lowered th^
pacing record to pole for half a mila
of 1:01)4 by stepping the distance in
1:00%. v
The Monk and Equity were sent
against the trotting record to pole of
2:08, held by them. They rounded
the course In 2:07%.
A high wind was blowing up-, the
stretch, which prevented Dan Patch,
Major Delmar and Charles Mac. from
being sent against time, as scheduled.
After ¦finishing the half in their at
tempt" against the record Prince . Di
cert -and Morning Star were sent
around the course, covering the mile
In 2: 05%, unofficial. This equals the'
pole record for that distance held by
Prince Direct and Direct Hal. -.
Sweet Marie won the 2:0« .trot
easily in straight heats. -Results: '
2:23 pace, two in three, $1000— Funaton woa
the second and third heau In 2:00i; and 2:12.
Strawplle Btlly won the nrat heat In 2:14Vj-
Ed C and Emll D'alao *tarte<i. ' "
2:28 trot, one mile, one heat, 1400— Tom
Axworthy won . In 2:12K. Oions, Emily
Letcber - and - Getaway also marled. ,- .
¦ 2:11- trot, on* mile, one heat, WOO— Van,
rande won In 2:0»H. Euxenite. The Queator,
Invader and Airship alao started. The Queitor
ttnlshed first, but was set back for breaking. .
2:06 trot, two In three. $1000— Sweet Maria
won two straight heat» In 2:05% and 2:06%.
Snyder McOresor, ' Fresno, Wentworth and
Charles also Marted. . -
2.08 pace, half mile, on« beat.' %40Q — Don N
won in 1:01%. Lulu May, Nancy H and .Ore
gon Maid also started.
• To beat half-mile paeinr record (1:01*4) to
pole— Prince Direct and Moraine Star (Mr.
Billing*) won. Tlma by quarter*. ; ,and
'To beat mil* trotting record. 2:C8--ool« — Tha
Monk and Equity (Mr. ' Billings) won. Tlma
by ouarters— JSZ. 1 :08. • 1 :M%. 3:01%.
BILLINGS DRIVES TEAM
TO A WORLD'S RECORD
analyzed and found they were used for
distemper. Edmunds created much
laughter when -he- put one of the pills
in : his ' mouth and . swallowed'lt. Shan
non, however, claimed the pill, was not
one of the original articles. • vN
P. Mullarkey v said Bradbury had
never" acknowledged that the pills were
meant^to "dope" dogs and he (Mullar
key): had never admitted to Shannon
that the pills were to have been - used
to send the dogs along. Shannon said
it was not the running that hurt ', the
dogs, but the ''Pining.'! He? produced
'a; list of dogs which, ' he alleged, had
been killed by the latter means during
the last year, among them \ being Har
lean , Gladys. ? Special, , Menlo ¦ Prince"
Van Alba, Golden ¦ Rule,*. Kerry Pippin
and Siskiyou.' Special Officer Dougher
ty said he had I received orders ',- from
both managements at the. park to pro- ;
hibit the I Vdoplng" of dogs and ; gam
bllngiby^womeri;-\Ed Shorstag',' a.slip
per, said he • had ; seen Young . Fearless,'
a dog '. owned -by. Jerry,; O'Shea,' stagger
once in the field, but 'did not know that
any of the .animals .were "drugged. "
Thomas .Tierney;' formerly. a Judge* at
the'\ park, 'said; he had never seen; any
peculiar / reversal r'of form .or; dogs act
as* if ; they.; were, drugged, except In'* the
case'of VFfisky, Boy,'-' when he had de
dared'all;bets off.^? v ,.
.Samuel Raguet charged that the pub
lic bet against .the coursing association.
He had ;¦ heard' dogs were ; "doped", and
had % seen •; children :-; and i Women /served
wlth?jdrihksj: outside^ of !,the cafe. s i He
had been .threatened .with* bodily ' Injury
if he testified 'against the park. :,' Raguet
refused ito J give 1 ; his' present place of
employment ; f or ] fear he .would lose his
position as. he had once before. \,^.
l-'] T.^ McHugh^ slip steward, said he had
receivedj strict ?; orders 'to run things
properly?: arid i that? men^ had ; formerly
been /ruled C'off 1 for. - ' life , : for/ "doping"
dogs.^The'hearingr_was postponed 'until
next' Friday at 4 p. m."
¦ The Supervisors' joint ; Committee on
Police and Judiciary resumed Its in
vestigation yesterday into the alleged
improper conduct of Ingleslde Coursing
Park. Domlnick Shannon reiterated
his charge that the dogs were drugged
and that women and children were al
lowed to gamble and drink at the park.'
Shannon said:
"I can show you that Jerry O'Shea,
manager of the, park, is not in the busi
ness for the . pure Jove ; of the sport,
'Since he took 93000 out of the game in
the last eighteen months and has dom
inated all the appointments of the em
ployes. My only desire is to , take the
sport" out, of the mud and mire into
which It has been plunged and raise, it
to a higher plane."
In reply to questions by Jerry O'Shea,
Shannon said he had ' severed his . con
rection - with the park because he had :
a" dispute with Mrs. '. Donovan, one of
ti \e owners, as she wanted to dictate
tl e policy of the park.
: , ''It was because you couldn't get your
ovn.^graft," said O'Shea.
ihannori denied that when tie man
aged the/ park he had' waiters serve
drinks . to women ] and had set aside a
plaoe for- women' to.^ gamble. O'Shea"
said he had witnesses to ¦ prove • he did.
. Shannon attempted to prove by|H.:C..
Rodney, a street car conductor, and W.
M. ,Wooton,..a motorman, V that the
crowds coming '¦ from the park ."were
rough and disorderly," but . : thls^they'
denied. /Rodney - stated he had never
said he feared for. his life. V - » ; .-, * ;
"I once ; arrested I Mr.^ Shannon, -who
was- in t charge* of the Vpark,- for. cruelty
to animals," said ; Secretary, Holbrpok
'of : the ; Society for the Prevention :/of
Cruelty to Animals, "but Judge Mogan:
dismissed the*: case. : We have ] been; un
able, to secure a^warrant'to'arrestVthe
park owners. I saw. at T the time .women"
and i children buyink^ pools raridi heard
language of/ the .fmost : ; profane? kind
used. %^^ Th_ ere i» alwa ys cruelty ¦'where
there is coursing. , I \ hayeTseeh ) rabbits
torn ito pieces and icry like babies*; at
,thelr,treatment.'" : .
;' : Arthur ; Massey, oiice ; a slipper - at the
park, ; said he • had seen dogs in ' a' dis
tressed Vcondltloh, but had never/ seen'
"dope* '/administered I to u them, : although
ltlwaiyo rumored/;^.
J. J. Edmunds, chairman :of ' the -ex
ecutive : and investigating
'testified i that : hejvhad^ found Jpills for,
"dope'Von'one Bradbury. J: He had'i them'
Supervisors Probe Coursing Men's Acts
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.^ — The entries,
for to-morrow's races at Jamaica track
follow:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Young
Henry 124, Astarita 110. Damon' 108, Foxy
Kane 105,- Monet 104, Gimcrack ¦ 103,- Monte
Carlo 103, Charlfes Elwood 113, Right and True
100, Invincible 100, Et Tu Brute 100, Counter
polso 100, 'Old England 05, Yo Ban : 85, Libe
ria 92. v. ' : .; •
-.Second race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
M. F. Tarpey 110, Gravina 108. Sals 106, South
Trimble 1U6, ¦ Aceful ' 104, • Arachne 105, , Bev
erly 103. Vincennes 103, Akela 103, Locket
101,' Seymour 100. Dimple 99, Lord Melbourne
08, i Early Eve 98, Courtmaid 98, Reveille 98,
Glisten 98, Pentaur 93.
Third race, the Oceanus stake*, two-year
olds five and a half furlonK* — Pasadena, 125,
Czafaphine 114, . Watertight 112, Austin Allen
112, Handxarra 109. Dazsle 107. Amberjack
107. Allumeur 102, Inspiration 99. - - ¦-.•
- Fourth race, : six furlongs, ' the ' Tamaqua
handicap— Lady Amelia 128, Mamie Worth 122.
Gay Boy 120 High Chancellor 118, Collector
Jeesup 118, Ascension 111, Cloten 111. Toscan
104 Monet 95, - Wotan T 95, Pasadena 95, - King
Pepper 95, Waterside 95, ¦ Race King 95, Fly
back 93, Augur 92. Voladay '90. .• " - t~
¦ Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, maidens
Spring Silk 110. Ikki . 110, Cannon Ball 110.
Chattan 107, ' Revane 107. Sir Ship 107, AH
Right 107,'. Nult Blanche 107. ¦ -. ' V.n
. Sixth race, mile and an , eighth,' handicap-
Ormonde's Right 126,, Orthodox 120, Wire In
112,; Hello 109, Sonoma Belle 108, Ascetic 103,
Brigand 102.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; purse; maiden
two-year-olds:-
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Ranger, 109 (Shaw) . . . . t . 2 12 1 14
7 to l—O. Cromwell ,112 (Gannon) 3 3 12 3
3 to 2— Bill Bailey 11.112 (Redfrn) 7 61 3 5
Time,- 1:03. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner, A. C. Piques' ch. g. by Albert-Hoo
doo.* Campo, Roderick Dhu, Salt and Pepper,
Hawtrey, - Earldom, Gallowses and La Golden
finished as named. .
WORTH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Worth track fol-.
low: BSH . -
First race, six furlongs, selling — My Jan*
101. St. Paula 101. Frtendlesa 101. Anna Beall
100. Allbert 106. Emperor of India 100, MUj
Anthony. 108, Harney 109. Qua Heidorn 111.
Jim Hal« 111, Cardinal Wolsey 113, Beautiful
and Best 114. 'Mansard 124.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, purse
— Broadway Girl 98. Smithy Kane 08. Pelham
OS, Dlxelle 88. LogtstelU 98 Blanche S 93.
West Brookfield 101, Harurn Scarum 103. Sub-.
tie 103 Lawler 106. Cutter 108, Gold Enamel
111, Lochlnvar 111. • .
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, the
Phoenix Handicap — Kleinwood 86, Kati« Pow
ers 100. New Mown Hay 102. Ananias 109.
Prince SUverwings 112. Floral King 114, Bran
ca* 116. . ,
Fourth race, six furlong*, handicap— Cigar
Lighter 93, Gold Enamel 93. Sir Brlllar 92.
Don Domo 98. Cognomen 95. Hands Across
108, Mayor Johnson 107, Scorpio 107, Mansard
100, Bl? Ben 132. (Cigar Lighter and Oolrt
Enamel, Miller entry; Cognomen aad Hand*
Across, Hildreth entry;- Big Ben and Mansard.
Tennes entry.)
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, han
dicap—Satire 90, Bankin 93, Luralighter 95,
Jane Holly 96, Gtortosa 97, Speneerlan 99.
Walnamoinen 103. Martinmas 107. ¦•¥4?*1M0*
Sixth race, one and three eighths miles, sell
ing—La Chaperon« 82. Charlie Miller $5. Mal
akoff 83, Bard of Avon 94. Sartlla. 94. Little
Elkin 96. -Clausus 96, The Way 101, Benckart
in. rflraQttHr»T£3SflnM&
Althouga his nose was bleeding bad
ly, George Sullivan, the fast heavy
weight boxer, kept after Joe Long last
night at "Woodward's Pavilion till the
fourth round was over and won a de
cision that a warrior of olden days
might well have boasted of. Sullivan's
nose was injured in the initial round.
Nine out of ten ordinary boxers would
have quit, but Sullivan battled on and
won despite the severe handicap. This
was the main event of the San Fran
cisco Club's 'show and brought out a
full house.
Dick Hyland allowed Jack Brown
to stay the limit, but the latter ws\s
nearly in and never had a chance in
any round. -He showed some . clever
ness, but Hyland's fierce rights and
lefts to the body overcame the youth.
Tom Sullivan and Charles Augustus
started to fake in the first round and
after the latter went out from an im
aginary wallop Referee Greggains' in
sisted that they fight. Augustus got
a couple in the jaw and quit soon
after.
Mike Synfy. the Grecian gladiator,
met his match in Young Choynski. The
latter had a long swing. which he land
ed on 'Mike \ many times. Mike fought
fiercely and had an even break till the
final round, when his opponent over
whelmed him.
Harry Reilly knocked out Jim Mar
tin In two rounds. . The" bout between
Soldier Reiser and Ben Crossley was
called a draw. Joe Kelly ' beat Jack
Daly in four fast rounds.
FIFTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
selling; -four-year-olds and up:
Betting. "Horse, Weight, Jockey. St.' % Fin.
7 to 1— Ballycastle, 69 (Sperling) 3 6 5 1 n
5 to 1— Conceit, OS (Hildebrand). 1 3 1%2 2
5 to 1— Brunswick. 99 (Travers).. 4 2 h 3 1
Time, 1:62. Start fair. Won -driving. Win
ner, E. L. Morton's bay c. by Prince of Mon
aco-Briganza. • Rudabek, Male Hanlon and
Hackensack finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds; selling: . -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Tin.
7 to 5 — Dutiful. 104 (Robblna) . .428 1 nk
8 to 1— Docile. 100 (Potter) 1 43 2h
2 to 1— Triumvir, 100 (R.Johnson) 2 1 h 3 5'
Time, 1:49. Start good. Won driving. Win*
ner, J. A. Wemberg's gr. c, by Faraday-
Slipalongr. Mlngore 101. - Langford Jamea 101,
Rlaa ICO, St. Blue 96. finished aa named. '
The entry list for the Pacific Athletic
Association handicap field day, which
takes place to-day on Berkeley oval,
has exceeded that of any* similar meet
held on' this - coast -There are some
flifty individuals ' participating in the
eleven events.
- With Abadie and Snedigar absent
from the 100-yard dash, it seems a
toss-up as to the winner, the majority
of the entries being new men. If Cope
is in good form he should win. .
The 220-"yard dash should bring out
Wllcox, Cope .and Kliieberger among
the winners. The quarter mile event
has fifteen entries. All are first-class
men and should make a fine^race. •
The half-mile and mile runs should
be the best eve'nts-of the day. The
scratch men— Miller^ Glarner, Newhall
and Clifford— are all runners with
first-class records. The winner may
establish a new mark. Last spring
Miller came closer' to doing this than
any athlete for -some years past.
While 'here are only three entries in
the pole vault, a fine contest is expect
ed, as Dole, Irwin and Whitaker are
among the test vaulters in 'the coun
try.
Plaw will be seen to advantage in
the weights. In practice last week he
threw the 16-pound hammer 1S4 feet.
The officials of the meet are as fol
lows: Referee, MV. B. . Henchman;
starter,. George James; timers —Fred
Koch, v George Klanrcn, G. Thomson,
P. J. Cadogan; judges—T. I. Fitxpat
rick, D. D. Oliphant, J. D. Robertson;
field . Judges —Thomas Carroll, O.. F.
Snedigar, W. Middleton; measurers—
R. X. Ryan Jr., S. Thomson, T. V.
Reeves; clerk, S. L. Schwartz..
4*; ; : ——— -£+
ner. S. V. Abel & Co.'s ch. m. (5) by St.
Leonards-Queenstown. Tribes 109. - Flyer 109.
King's Charm' 108, Cashier 87, Aulsa 100.
Pleroe J 112, First Chip 112, Llddon 87. fin
ished aa named. (Boy fell off Llddon at first
quarter.)
DOLE WILL MAKE A TRY
FOR POLE-VAULT RECORD
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
four- year-olds and up; selling;
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin. •
6 to 1— t>r. Stephns, 107 (Morrsn) 2 1 2%1 1V»
& to 1 — Clausus. 101 (Harris).... 3 6 2 1
2 to 1— Celebration, 107 (Kuns).. ft 3b 33
Time, 1 :49 3-5. Start good. Won easily.'
Winner. C. E. Waters' br. h. (ff). by Octopus-
Ignoramns. Federal 103, Benckart I0T, Lam
poon 98, finished as named.* ,
TRIM FIGURE OF THE ' LIGHT-"
WEIGHT CHAMPION WHO. WILL
MEET BRITT FOR THE TITLE.
GAME BATTLE
WINS VICTORY
FOR SULLIVAN
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse; .two-year-old fllllea:
Betting. .Horse Weight. Jockay. St.' . % : Fin.
6 to 1— Coy Maid. 109 (Hildebnd) 1 1 2. 1 1
8 to 1— Flinders, 109 (Travers). . 2 2 % 2 8
C to 1— Myopia, 109 (Wonderly).. 3 3 hi 3 h
Time. 1:00 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, A. Miller's br. filly by Kingston-Bon
nie Gal. Pirate Polly. Mirthless, High Life,
Rose Strome,% finished aa named. .
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth mile«;
Garden City selling stakes; 2-year-olds & up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey, St. %i Fin.
« to 6— De Resrke ;t l\)^(W.Dav!s)'8 '3'H 12 5
7 to 1 — Little Em.100 (Crimmlns) 4 • 4 h > 2 >A
6 to 1— Lord Badge.105 (Wondrly) 6 52 3b
*Tlme, 1:40 2-5. Start fair. Won easily. Win
eer,. M. L. Hayman'i. br. h. by Lamplighter-
Serene.. New York, Gay Boy, Stolen Moments
and . Brooklynlte finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Flva and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling:
Betting. Horso. Weight, Jockey. St. % Tin. '
11 to 2— Usefl Lady. 103 (Bobbins) I 2 2 1 h
7 to 1— Dundall. 100 (Me In tyre). 2 5 3 3h
18 to 1— Ravlana. 105 (HelgeMn). S II 12
' Time, 1:09 3-5. Start bad. .Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Wemberg's b. f.. by Russet 1-
Uwful. Dr. Leggett 108, Ore«a Oown 107,
Paneta 108, Pancreatla 100. finished aa named.
SECOND R ACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap; all ages: ¦ •- ' .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ' % '. Fin.
Even — Grenade. 107. (Gannon). 2-2 2 1 2
17 to 10— James F, 114 (Wndrly) 13,20
.5 to 1— War .Whoop, 97. (Cchrn) 3' 1 4 3
-'• Time. 1:60. % Start good. Won ¦ easily. Win
ner, U'V. -Bell's bay gr by 8t. Gatien-Tur
moil. Three- starters.
First race — Tnttenham, Dr. Riley,
Sweet Note.
Second race—Hayes entry, Dromio.
Third race— Avoid, Algonquin, Mln
dora.
Fourth race — , Pretension, Foot
lights Favorite, Taby Tosa.
Fifth race— Ollie Burnett, Jack Mo
ran, Argosy.
Sixth race—^-Fellx Mozzes, Howling
Dervish, Miss Manners.
Seventh ; race— Sabot, Lemon Girl,
Marlln.
Condition of the track— Fast.
THIRD RACE — Ona and & itzteenUi milea;
four-year-olds and up; selllnc:
Betting. Hone. Weight. Jockey. St. - % Fin.
0 ttf 2— -Barkelmore.101 (Harris).. 10 S3 11
8 to 1 — Jlngler. 103 (RomaaeUi). % 11^21
8 to 1— Nlazua. 105 (Helgeoen)...12 10 Vi JS'
Time, - 1 :32 V<. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, W. H. Mearns' ch. c. (4) by Hand
sprlng-Llsten. % Oilfaln 08, Rabunta 98, Hot
08. Bluemlnt 103, Mr. Farnnm 103, Manhalsea
98. Reckoner 98. Joke 101, Mile* Shelly 109.
finished aa. named.
DELMAR SEXEC7TIONS.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; thr—-ymr^
olds and up;' paras:
BetUn«. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. li Fin.
is to 6— J.W.Oneil, 110 (RomnlU) e 1 T^l 2
Even— Mad 'Mullah. 101 (Robns) 9 4 nk 2 3Ti
20 to 1— Oypzene. 104 (Baylesj). 6 2 2 3h
Time. 1:14 H. Start good. Won . «aally.
Winner. E. Trotter's ch. g. (3) br PaUr Me*
Cue-Tern. Optional 104. Harrington V».
Ooldsn Rule 104. Monia 10O. Armorer 106, BUI
Walters 100, finished as named.
NO RUNS FOR THE BROWNIES.
. PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 21.— It must
have been! purely:a matter of courte
sy that Brother Joe Corbett was per
mitted to. pitch his . first winning game
in this city this - afternoon. "Three
times before big .Ike .Butler" beat the
San Franciscan, but to-day Manager
Butler took second place and permit
ted 1 the -Visiting pitcher : 'to,.have » the'
best of, it. Joe gave the.Butlerites a
beautiful; coat of whitewash and ;lnci-.
dentally the Seals made five runs.
: Spencer's fumble and a double steal
in j the third when ; Hildebrand scored,
recorded the first, run. ,'Runkle fell
down at ' short Jn . the 'sixth and that
added one more, i This stunt of Run
kle's put two on the bags.' ike walked
Hildebrand. Meany drove one~ to
Runkle, who was in a trance. Kirby
Drennan was there with a great catch
on the next play, sprinting for a swat
from Irwin that looked good to send
in a shower of runs.; Three runs in
the Jast inning, were 'thrown in for
good measure. The score : :i ? '¦''.
Portland— - San Francisco—
- AB. R. H. P.A. » - -:- AB. R. H. P.A.
Drnan, cf 4 0 0 5 0 Hldbd. «»-4 1.2 2-2
McCde.rf 3 0 1 >l % 0 Meany. rf 4 0 iltSSVO
Ndeau, If 8 0 1 >3 Q Irwin, 3b 51 2- 0 ; 2
Beck. 8b 4 0 1-2 2;VnBn. lb 4 1 - 0 10 " 0
Davis, lb 3 0 0 11 0 Waldn.cf 3 11 10
Rnkle. ra 3 0 12 4!Andsn,2b 4 0 1 3 3
Spncr, 2b 3 0 0 2 SlWhler. If 5 0 0 0 1
Stlman, c3 v 0 1 3 ¦ 2|Ehea, c.3 v l 2 8 1
Butler, p 3.011 2 Corbett,p 4-0214
Totals.20 0 6 27 13' Totals.3« T U 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland :.O 0 0.0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0 1110 111 0— 6
Ban Francisco ...0 0 10 0 10 0 3-^-5
Base hits ..^...10 10 12 0 2 4— 11
SUMMARY .
Errors — McCreedie, Runkle (2), Spencer, Van
Buren, Shea. , Earned - runs — Ban Francisco 3
Stolen bases — Spencer. Corbett, Runkla Hil
debrand, Irwin (2). Bases on balls — Off But
ler 5, off Corbett 1. Struck • out— By Butler
3, by Corbett -7. Two-base hit— Anderson.
Left on bases — Portland 4. San Francisco 12
Passed ball— Shea. - First base on errors-
Portland 1, San Francisco 4. Sacrifice hit*
Anderson, i , Meany, - Nadcau. " Double plays—
Runkle to Spencer to Davis; Corbett to • Van
Buren; Runkle to Spencer to Davis; Corbett
, to Anderson to Van Buren. Time of game
One hour and 60 . minutes. Umpire— Tom
Brown.
Joe Corbett's First Victory in Port
' - land. Is a Clean , Shutout.
T5» ootrocO of irar on the Brltt-
G&na Cghl failed to select a referee for
the contest last night alter three hours
of cansaltatian at Harry Oorbetfa. Al
Berfard represented the lightweight
champion, while Willie Britt spoke for
Brother Jim. The pair were sailing on
different tacks all through the confer
ence asd conJd not get together on any
one man. . .
"Willie stood pal for Eddie Graney or
Eddie Smith. Herford proposed first
an Eastern man, then mentioned John
Consldine. Duncan McDonald of Butte
and Mcrrison of Seattle. Finally with
a. serlona face he mention <d Jack
Grant of Portland.
That narna proved like a red rag to
Britt. "Say, are you kidding me?"
ha asked.
"No, Pm on the sauare.** replied
Herford. "He Is a good man."
"To the woods with him," said Britt
¦with xnnch Tehemence. "We ought to
hare a home man. The people want a
local man."
"I have too ranch to lose to take any
cnances," said Gans* manager. "Tn
not making any cracks, but I cant af
ford to be a victim of circumstances.**
Tre something. to lose myself," re
torted Impresario 'Britt. *Tve named
my men. Yours dont look good to
me."
Then the conference took on an as
pect of airy persiflage, badinage, rep
artee and pish tush. .
"I propose Mike Fisher," suggested
the man in the corner.
"This is not a Joke," said Britt.
"Is Mike Fisher a Joker* asked the
man In the corner. The problem was
passed up.
"It's up to you, kido," said Herford.
"How. about Phil Wand?** asked
Britt. .
"I beg your pardon, did you speak?"
retorted Gans' manager.
"Will you take the Job, Mr. Cor
bett?" asked Britt. - "Please," added
Herford. Harry Corbett positively de
clined and the conference began to
yawn and think of the feathers. -
At this Juncture James -W. Coffroth,
manager of the Shasta Club, Inter
vened. "If you don't decide upon a
referee on Monday I will appoint one.
You are supposed to appoint one ten
days before the fight."
Both managers stood pat and the
conference adjourned until 8:30 on
Monday night at Harry Corbetfs.
Jimmy Britt is increasing his staff of
trainers and advisers at his quarters
et CroII's Gardens in Alameda, Curt
nichardson, who has assisted Jimmy
In preparing for several of his previous
ring: battles, Joined the camp yesterday
and next Monday the redoubtable
Fpider Kelly will register at Croll's.
Kichardson and Kelly, with Frank
Rafael and Charley Kreling, will com
plete Britt's training staff.
Kid McCoy, in a telegram received
by Britt yesterday, offered to go to
Alameda and lend Jimmy whatever aid
he could in getting himself in trim for
the colored champion, Joe Gans. Jim
my, while appreciating McCoy's kind
neFS. considered he is now sufficiently
supplied with coachers and condition
ers and. declined McCoy's * offer with
thanks. Jim Morley, the Los Angeles
baseball magnate, who is the manager
cf McCoy, sent Britt a telegram of
EX>od wishes. A number of other friends
of the poDUlar fighter in Los Angeles
forwarded him a pair of {rood luck
gloves and a pair of army hair
brushes, the latter, beautifully mounted
and engraved. These tokens were sent
to Jimmy as presents, his birthday
having been the 5th of this month.
Road running: and surf bathing con
stituted Britt's programme yesterday
morning. In the afternoon ' he went
•into his gymnasium and boxed , four
rounds with Rafael. He also skipped
the rope 1000 times, tossed the medicine
ball and wrestled with Kreling.
Amongf the visitors to Britt's camp
yesterday were Assistant Chief John
Dougherty of the Fire Department and
Professor De Witt Van Court. - : '
The problem of Joe Gans making 133
pounds ringside for his coming, battle
•with Jimmy Britt was practically set
tled yesterday when the lightweight
champion -mounted the scales and an
nounced to the doubtful ones that the
beam tipped at 134% pounds. Froni now
until the date of the contest all will
apparently be clear sailing, barring ac
cidents.
The Marin County weather Is ideal
for reducing; and Frank McDonald
t ays Joe can make 133 pounds at will.
Joe worked hard yesterday and
pleased his many admirers. He was
on tlie road at an'early hourand took
his usual run of fourteen miles. This
was followed by a brisk rubdown.
In the afternoon he took a horseback
ride over the • hills, but returned at 3
o'clock and spent an hour, in the gym
nasium. He started the afternoon's
work by skipping the rope 1000 . limes.
This is a favorite stunt . of Joe's and
brings «eut the perspiration quickly. .
Bag punching, shadow- boxing .J and
four- fast rounds with Kid Sullivan
completed his day's work. - *
Joe seems to be In fine condition and
Bays he Is ready to enter . the ring at a
moment's notice.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — 3Iansard, Emperor o*
India, Anna Beall.
Second race— Gold Enamel, Cutter,
Subtle.
Third race— Branca*, Ananlaa, Flor
al King.
Fourth race— Big Ben, Mayor John
son, Gold Enamel.
Fifth race — Spencerlan, Glorlosa,
Martinmas.
Sixth race— Charlie .Miller, little El
kin. Malakoff. >
Condition of the track— Good.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
Gans Giyes Out His
Weiglit as Being
1341 Ponnds.
Oakland waded right through the
terrible monsters "of the • jiihgle again
yesterday and, for the third time witht
out a slip the kingk of Tacoma. town
made a hasty getaway from Recrea-.
tion Park.. It was useless for hireTto
try : to sauare it, - for there was j no
close decision to fall back " upon this
time., ' .The* Commuters, handed.lt p,ut
in . chunks and the Tigers were forced
.to eaMt up. . Score: Oakland 7; Ta
ccma 4.. •¦ v •
The games seem to grow more sen
sational as theTdays slip past That'
one "/yesterday had the other . two
kicked off the* map. v For half, the
struggle it was 'any -one's for a hit or
a "-boot: ' The • ¦ Commuters finally
showed their speed and, with the bit
in their' teeth, they, forged ahead and
brought home the big end of the
SCOre.>_--/- '::.:'¦ ::^-'-t^'^:. .-' . ¦-.:
Nothing but sensations went and.al
though twelve errors: were- piled up
by. the two teams and many dummy
v plays were made the. game was. a
bread winner for both player and fan.
.Oakland started right off in round cine
when a' base on balls"' and >• three > hits
ushered three men over. the pan and
apparently, broke, it ;all up for a fare
ye-well. •,-. :^^V "¦ - ; - ¦ ¦
. ;,The ,- Ti.gers .came back with I two ;.in
the "second on binglers by Eagan,
Lynch" jand. H.ogan and an error by,
Buchanan. '." daklahd | forged ' ahead
again .in the third /with_ another one,
but during round four the Tigers took
another of their braces and again Bu
chanan- was iwailop'ed. ' .That fixed
them, , for Buchanan began to settle
down and in.no other ¦inning could .the
northern stars entice a runner home.
Oakland was not . through. They
kept "fight after .. Mr. \ Fitzgerald .and
banged his offerings around in every
inning. Dunleavy did some more of
his hair-raising work on the bases and
this helped the Oaks along. The Tigers
got a full house in the eighth with
two gone. 'Fitzgerald- was up. and
Buchanan epoiled Fisher's last chance
by winging him out on strikes.
. Buck Francks pulled off a play in
the fifth inning that. was voted .by
experts to be the greatest ever . seen
in. this city and unequaled in the his
tory of j the «arae. Nordyke was, on
third and Lynch on second when the
hit and run signal .was •- passed; It
went wrong,' for McLaughlin at the
bat did not hit. Nordyke started in
and Byrnes winged the ball down to
Red Devereaux, who dropped it and
away it rolled tovrard the Tigers'
bench.
Quick as a flash, Francks was there
to pick up the sphere. Nordyke had
all but gained the plate and there
seemed not the slightest chance to
head him off, especially as the pan
was surrounded by. players. . Buck's
wing was true and Nordyke was nailed
a foot from the pan. Every one on the
lot was dumfounded. Even the um
pire seemed in a trance when he called
the runner out.
Casey was forced to return to hishome
in Ogden yesterday on account of the
death of a relative, and Bert Delmas,
Special Dispatch to Th» Call,
CHICAGO, Oct. 21.— Mad Mullah was
believed to b« the best of the ¦printers
In the second race at Worth to-day,
but Ed Trotter furnished the winner
in his good colt, J. W. O'Neill. He was
backed from 4 to 1 down to 18 to B and
led all tho way, winning easily by a
length. Mad Mullah was shy on speed
in the first half mile aad then closed
with a rush, passing all but J." W.
O'Neill, which was easily the best. The
favorite took second money by halt a
length from . Gypzene. Summary:
• FIHST RACE— SU rurloaos two-y«*p-oldt ;
Bjtun*. Hon*. Wtight. JooJuy. Bt. % Fla.
20 to 1— Big Beach, 113 (Bonn.r) 7 6 H 1 1
20 to 1— Blah. Pool*. 11» (Harrla) 3 1 h 2 1
13 to 2— PaJra Trae. 118 CH«l«sn)10 8 nJt S nk
Tlm«. 1:17. Start rood. Won handily. Win
ner. B. W. WUson'a br. o. by l<ampU«htM-
Nellie D. Rosabourna 113. Down Patrick 118,
Waddell n 113, Harpoon 114. J. B. Smith 113.
Bradwarlin 115, Shining Star 118, Arcllyht 113,
VonXetel 103, Gladiator 113, Diagram 110, B«l
saranno 118. finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JAMAICA, N. Y., Oct. 21.—Through
out the season Morris Hay man's con
sistent racer, De Reszke, has won sell
ing stakes one after another at short
odds and has escaped a bid-up. To-day,
however, was an exception, for after
De iHeszke had cleverly beaten Little
Em .and ¦ a . fair, field of starters in the
Garden City selling stakes, he was bid
up to $4005, at which figure he was re
tained by the stable.
i Et Tu . Brute -won the first race in
clever.Btyle. He" was bid up from $1500
to $2000 by Robert Tucker, trainer for
Captain S.S. Brown, and became the
property of the turfman.
Emergency was running well in the
race for half a mile and then fell back
beaten. Satchel/ a 60 to 1 shot, ran
away ' two miles on her way.. to the
post. She v was examined : later' for evi
dence of dope.
. - Grenade had an : easy task ;to .defeat
Janies I? and v Warwhoop in the .second
race. : Grenadei seems : to J run almost as
fastfon "a slushy track as he does on a
hard ' one. ;" He merely played with
James F in the stretch. The last named,
did not get away well in his stride and
lost several lengths thereby. Sum
mary: * v.
~; FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upl ' '
Betting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7to5— Et Tu Brute. 110- (Crms) 5 1 % 1 n
80 to 1— Palette. 100 (Sperling). . 8,422 %
6tol— Eais. 11B (Odom) 6 .3 1 3 V,
Time.- 1:15. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner U. Z. 'de Annan's bay g. by Brutu»-Wan
di ring Nun." . Emergency. Clear the Arena.
Rob R6y, Monte Carlo. Mary Worth, H. Luehr
mann Jr.. The Huguenot, Australlna, Neither
One, Satchel, ' finished as named. : '
W. L. Pct.i W. L.' Pet.
Tacoma .....47 30 .610 Seattle ... 41 88 .019
Los Angeles..3<J 33 .542 San FTan..w.84 43^442
Oakland 40 37 .519|Portland. ... .29 49 .372
STANDING OF THE CLUBS,
the^former second baseman of the lo
cal team, took his ; place. , Del played
a Sood ' game In the field and got two
hits— his r ' two-bagger scoring r one of
the Tigers', runs. The score:
• , Oakland— ' Tacoma— •'
; AB.'R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Oanley,rt.2^3^1 0 0 Doyle, rf B '0 0 0 0
Frnka."»8 ' 1 2 0 4 Shehn,3b 4 0 0 4 1
Dnlvy, 1(3 2:2 2 1 Nrdke.lb 4 0 0 6 1
Schfly,2b 402 22 Eagan, a 3 116 4
i Krugr.cf 4 0 2 4 1 Lynch.cf : 4= 1 1 OTO
; StreJb.lb 2 0 0 11" 0 McLen.lf 4 1 vl -2 0
Dvrux.3b 3-11; 0 ; 8 Dlmas,2b 4 1 24 7\2
Byrnes, o 3 0- 1. 8 2 Hosan, o..4 0 2 26
Bchnan.p S 0 00 2 Fltzgld,p 3-0 0 0' 4
Total«.2T 7 11 27 15 , Total*. S? T.T 24 17
v " RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS. >
Tacoma .. . ..-. ...'.0 - 2 .'. 0 .2" 0 ; 0 0 0 .0 — -4
•Base bits ...... 0 3' 0 2 0 0 0 2 0—7
Oakland .........3 0 1 1 1 0 1 Ox — 7
Base hlt9 ....C.3 1 1 2 2 0 1 1 x— 11
SUIdMARY.* '
'Stolen base* — Krugcr, ¦ McLaughlin. Ilogan,
Lynch, Stretb, Devereaux. ;• Errors — Francks,
Doyle.vFltrgerald (2), 'HoganV Lynch (2),: Mo-
Laughltn, ' Buchanan. ' Two-basa ¦ hit — Delmas.
Sacrifice hits— Francke, ! HoBan," Eagan. First
base on errors — Oakland .1, . Tacoma -3. First
basa on called balls— Oft Buchanan 2, off Fitz
gerald 4. Left qn bases— Oakland 3,' 'Tacoma 7.
Struck | out— By . Buchanan 7. Hit by pitcher —
Nordyke. Devereaux. 'Double plays — Kruger
t» Streib; . Hogan . to : Eagan ;. Byrnes • to Devr
treaux to Francks to . Byrnes ¦' Eaean to Del
mas to Nordyke. Time of game — Two hours.
Umpire — Perlne. .
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Et Tu Brute, Liberia,
Charles Eftvood.
Second race— Glisten, Seymour, Sals.
'Third race— llandzarra, Watertight,
McGlnnis ¦ entry.
: Fourth race— Collector Jesup, Mo
net, Lady Amelia.
Fifth race— Rerane, Spring Silk, All
Right.
Sixth race — Sonoma Belle, Hello,
Orthodox.
Condition of the track— Heary.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
Kid McCoy Offers to
Aid Britt in His
Traming.
J.W. O'Neill Is Backed
Heavily and Wins
at Worth.
De Reszke Is Retained
but Et Tu Brute
Is Claimed.
Commuters Are Coming.With a Rush.in Present
Series and Haye^Mike's Celebrated Tigers
as Tame a Collection of Pets as Could Be
FORECAST OF FORM
ON EASTERN RACES
SENSATIONAL PLAYS MARK
OAKLAND - TACOMA GAME
Long Discussion
Is Productive
of No Results
JAMAICA WINNERS ARE BID UP IN
SELLING RACES.
BRITT AND GANS UNABLE TO AGREE UPON REFEREE
THE /SAN dFRANGISCO -GALL,^SATURDAY, .OCTOBER 22, V1904:
YA>? man's j soundness : does ? noti depend
onUh* ' amountTof [sound! he] makes. i W
' FOURTH ' RACE .— One .mile; i two-year-olds
Bettlnsr'^ Horse, 5 Weight, Jockey. 1 . St. % -Fin. :
, 9 to 2 — Ivernla. vll4 * (Sed«r) r. . W. . 8 ¦«. 1 1 < 1 • 2 ¦/
8tol—Triple ? Silver, lC3(8.Dcksn)ilg 2* Hi2 1;t
18 to a^-Passive.-j 62 * ( Rice) .vrrrr: '.%!}* 3 ' 2 A 8 < hfj
teTtaJ.n :43%. * Start good. -i Won tf^rVnS
MARLBORO. Mass., Oct. 21— In
the seventh round of what was to
have been", a flf teen-round . bout 'Jimmy
Brings, champion ; lightweight * of New
England, to-night knocked out Mar
tin Flaherty of Lowell^;
Briggs Beats Flaherty.
Another Easy One for O'Brien
-BAI/TIMORB,, Md.; iOct. 21.—Phila
; delphla :) Jack^ O'Brien 1 knocked "out Jim
[Jeffords "of : California in .the ".third
round I of | their^ flf teeri-round " bout to
night; before the; Eureka '"Athletic Club! i
Continuous r body. ; .caused the
iWesterni.rnan \toj- succumb: XThe* men;
fought at -catch '..-•.¦,»¦.¦?-
,:-' THIRD f.R ACE— 8ix furlongs; three 'year
olds and -upward: ..... . ¦ . .--'- - '
Betting, ' Horse, 'Weight, Jockey. 6t. % Pin.
s 5 to ", 1— Wager, 1 105 (D. "Austin) ; 8 '- 1 1 1 h
12 to 1— FugurthalOO, (Gullet)..; 1,8 1523 :
.' 3 to 1— Caelana. -¦ 105 ; ( Dick.iotx. ;• 4 '". 4 1 3 h ;
UTlme 1:16%. 'Start good.'--Won driving. .Win
ner.' E.' J. ¦ Guthrie's b. • g. : (4) c by Wagm«r-Fa
vena..."William * F ; II ¦ 100. - June . Collins » 100,
Laura Bell »5. FltxbriUar 103, Metlakatla 105,
Zu Ima 05, * Vouch ¦¦> 100, ; Happy ,-- Jack ; lOO.y Dr.
Steelcker .> 100,^; finished > as . named. •.¦--.
> "SECOND; RACE— Five ¦ furlongs; two-year
olds:^. - ..- ¦ . . . --'-.¦ ¦ : ¦ .... . - - ,--. -¦
Betting. ' Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. • % . Fin.
> Even— Wakeful. 1 00 . (McLghth) 1 £ 3 2 > 1 2 -
40 to 1— Edith 100 (Wlllms) 9.^2 % 3 2
Jtf to 1— L.Grnwood,105 .1 (DAustn) 8-41-32
-iTlme,': 1:03^: .-.Start i good. Won-! easily.'
Winner/ J. S. : Bratton' a b. - 1:. by ¦¦ Russell-Turtle
Dove.' b Me Jetta i 106,- Clara Dee 96. Sand i Bath
1O3.~ Only Jimmie 108.: Betty Gold ' 05; Bannock
Belle : 66, ¦ Lady Fair - 100. ¦' Preventatlve- 108,
finished as , named. V,'IUiltm]Mlt9J[ I'tfTiTTIBliir'W
ST. LOUIS, Oct.." 2 l.-^-The f fight" be
tween 'Joe ; Choynski • and '; Philadelphia
Jack O'Brien, scheduled for; next
Thursday night, has been ; called^ off,
owing; to a; brief ' telegram ¦ from : Cho^'
.ynski.*: in:. which he said: "
"Call fight off. Am but of the s-ame
xori'gobd." > '.:;-.' ¦„-?. '':¦:: ;Ur : : \ ¦.-'¦^; ',.- ¦
Choynsld Fight • Is Off.
The milk of human kindness does not
eeem to keep well in blue bottles/gS
11THE SAN.- FRANCISCOEGALi:, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1904;
12
: EMPIOYKEST ' PITICES— Coallnaad.
CHINESE and Japanese help; «*tab. 20 years,
.Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY. & CO.^ 640 Clay.
; EMPIiOTMHifT WAJTTEP--0E r gM' * T.B.
ONE flrst-class American, 1 Scandinavian, l
German cook and 4 superior nurses, all wtta
tbe 'best of references, wish sttuaticaa. Se»
\ -J. . F. CROSETT & CO.", 334 Sutter st.
L MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman, good coo'*
and laundress, wants . position in American
family: good references:- will go short dis-
tance, in country. T^ Folsom st
YOUNG. widow with a child would like a sit-
uation as housekeeper. Call 830 Mission st. ;
wares ns object.
WANTED- Situation as ; housekeeper by r »-
flned capable young woman. Box o«»9S. Call.
ALL around tailoress wishes a place. 1133
Florida st. . ¦
¦WANTED— Flrst-class millinery -to do at
home; reasonable. 407 Van' Ness ave.
WIDOW lady of Integrity. " past 40. formerly
- school teacher, wishes position as traveling
¦' companion - or managing housekeeper. Box
1455, Oakland Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would lli» t»
have place In good family: like good horns
more than wages. MRS. KAEN'KE, 22 Sac-
ramento it. - .. '
A YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do
' tipper work and take ear* of a baby or gen-
eral housework tn a small family; would go
to liva across the bay. 258% Tehama st.
COMPETENT cook would do downstairs work
and washing or general housework In Amer-
ican family; wages $25 to $30. 2361 Post st.
near Devlsadero. .
GOOD, . reliable young lady seeks position as
bookkeeper; offlc* preferred; can do any
kind of office work; references furnished.
Box 3077. Call office. ,
A YOUNG glrl J 8 'months from Denmark
wishes to do light housework and care for
children. Address 82 Shotwell st.; pleas*
call Monday- from 10 to 4. - ¦.
YOUNG man and wtfa want positions; maa
experienced coachman,' do gardening If re*
quired : wife a good cook or second work.
Box 3234. Call office. ; ....-,
YOUNG widow with a child would like- a situa-
tion as housekeeper. Call 830 Mission st.. t».
. day.
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
good pianist, best of references to character.
¦ wants a situation. Box 2949. Call office.
"WANTED — A position as housekeeper by aa
¦ elderly weman;' city or ' country. 138 Fifth
st., between Howard and Mission.
COLORED lady wishes position to do houss-
work; Is a competent nurse; best of refer-
. ences. Address 1076 Clay st.
SITUATION wanted as all round cook and do
light housework: short distance Is country
preferred. ' 1100 Powell at. .
A WORTHY woman would like a few mow
engagements by the day;. can do children's
clothes nicely. Send postal. 448 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work *y the
day " or week; the best of city references.
Please call at 1260 Howard st.
DRESSMAKER, exclusive designs; dinner
and reception gowns a specialty. Box 3456.
Call office. . : ' . -'
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wishes po-
sition to do chamber work In country hotel.
Address MRS. J. M.. 458 Sixth st. ,
COMPETENT cook wishes a position In a pri-
vate family. 701 McAllister st.; pleasa rtna;
electric bell. i ¦¦- .:. .'
TYPEWRITING, copytng, addressing envel-
opes; reasonable. MlSi EDNA OUMBR,
Mutual Bank bldg., room 806. .
A CHRISTIAN lady with little girl wishes po-
sition as housekeeper. Call 12 to 1 p. m. or
6 to T p. m.. 620 Bush -st. ."/I'
WANTED — By a youngr woman wtth a child,
position as housekeeper for one person. "Ad-
dress box 1453. ¦ Call of flee, Oakland.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes general
housework - in small family. Addrs*».2tt
Merritt st.. cor. Hattle.
WANTED — Neat - youaa; , German girl desires 1
position In a private family to do light house-
work. Box 3306, Call office. -
A COMPETENT woman. wishes work la nlos>
American family: Is a good cook. Box 3296.
Call office. . ¦ -'¦••-."
TWO reliable woman .want positions tocether:
cook and second girl; references; wages) cook.
$30 to $35; second work. $25. Box 3021. Call.
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
good pianist, best of references to character.
- wants a situation. Box 2949, Call office.
COMPETENT . woman would like few families
by day to wash. ' cleaning or chamber work.
4S8 Geary at.; phono Brown 32.
YOUNO lady with best city references wishes
position as chambermaid In hotel. Box 3320.
Call office. -' ' ¦ ¦ ¦ -..
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would lllte a place as
housekeeper. Call at 118 Perry st. "
POSITION wanted as working housekeeper;
wages $20 a month. Box 3420, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position in glove house}
some experience. .Address box 2735.. Call.
WANTED — Position as- waitress In country ho-
tel. Box 3151. Call office. _^
A RESPECTABLE girl wishes a position la
bakery and candy store. Box 3134. Call.
A YOUNG lady wishes a position for light
housework. Call st 169 Minna st.
WANTED— WORK by the day. house deanlns
1 or washing. Address 115 Hayes st.
'ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
rMTIOYMIOT WAMfTED-MAlll.
I SINGLE old gentleman.' German.'' wants i situa-
tion, caretaker, cashier.* clerk, correspondent,
proofreader, secretary, storekeeper; no solicit-
ing; moderate expectations; best references.
Box 3464. Call office.
YOUNO man, bookkeeper and stenographer,
wishes position as salesman of gents' fur-
nishing goods. Address C. C. P.. 2S20 Slx-
. tsenth St., city.- »
PAINTER, paperhangw, grainer. etc, settling
: here, -wants work with good firm; flrst-cla»s
experience In England and Canada. WIL-
LEY, 423 Eddy st.
A YOUNO man would Ilk* a steady placs Is
country as bartender or wait at table; best
of references. ¦• Address R. E., 125 - Linden
St.. Oakland. .. ; - ,¦ :
AN Intelligent, active young man desires situ-
ation as assistant bookkeeper; best references;
moderate salary; willing to go anywhere.
. Box 4203, Call office. . -,..-,
COOK and wife desire situations; man "good
cook and baker; wife good • waitress or sec-
ond work In kitchen. Box 4218. Call office.
COACHMAN and »rardener. all round handy
: man. can milk, wishes position; good refer-
¦ ences. Box > 4206. Call office. ¦
A PORTER wishes poaltlon; best of references.
Bex 3472. Call office. .......•¦
BARBER wants position Saturday and Sun-
- day. 10ft Third . st. -
A.AA. Sober all around handy man desires a
steady position; understands gardening, milk-
ing handy wtth tools, good horseman and
• driver; best of references. ; Box 2923, CalL
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes »'
situation as clerk In grocery store and bar-
room; good references. «W. BOHLING, 4 IT
. Kearny. st." . v. . '- - -'. '. - :
•¦ . : — t '
CH <NCE front line battle ' of life ' to -work for
reputation; moderate salary; good penman;
business man: total abstainer; 28; must hav»
work or go under. Box 3432. Call office.
YOUNG man. bookkeeper and , stenographer,
' wishes position as salesman of - gents' far-
nlshing goods. Address C ¦ C P.. 2820 Six-
. • taenth St.." city. ,.-¦ *-- -" ¦ - .' - - ¦ •
AS valet or companion, youna; Frenchman, as*
22. can serve at table. •* desires situation In
private family: speaks English" fluently ; good
'¦' references.- Address box 3414, Call office.
MECHANICAL engineer.- Inventive .ability,
- wants r Dosltion with'- manufacturing com-
- pany; prepared • to make light metal special-
¦ ties. Hoi 3019, Call office. .
— : : : "1 i.
BOOKKEEPER desires position with responsi-
ble firm; > will - open; ' close and systematize
books;, contracts 1 taken .. by the .week or
t month ; . reasonable. Box 1,3344, ' , Call ' office.
A -YOUNG man desires situation In : private
. family . or - store; . is , good : salesman: speaks
'French;' will" do ' most anything: wishes to
- * study, evenings. .Box 2663. Call office.
GARDENER; practical, thoroughly experienced
in > all branches of gardening, capable of
'.' taking rharse of Urge grounds, desires po-
sltion.. Box 26^6. Call of flee.
.MIDDLE-AGED .German, reliable, sober am!
industrious. • experienced .: bartender,- -wants
position .-in city. Address box 3425. . Call; *
BOY, ? 18. with some experience In "grocery.
. , Box 3498. ', Call office.
POSITION wanted by mechanical engineer and
; draughtsman. ¦ Box 3450. - CalL
THBjjfCALL
JOHN" D. SPRECIvELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOIIX >LcXAUGHT .Manager
\V. J. 3IARTIX Business 3Ianager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department Yew Wish.
Publication Office.. I. Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st. ,
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts.Per Week. "3
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 8 CU.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash Witfi
Order): „ M
DAILY CALL Cinclud. Sunday). 1 y.ear...$S.M>
DA1LV CALL (Indud, Sunday). « xnos... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «•»=
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year *-j~
WEEKLY CALU 1 Year i""i- ? »
ggggg }»v:Wp p erpIxS
POSTAGE. J -weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
Quested.
Mall subscriber* In ordering change cf ad-
drees should be particular to give both NEW
AXD OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
Quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE! ( i. •
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE :
C4S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EA2fUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
tJnion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bberraan House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel: Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Bullfllng.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT.
C C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets: open unto
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
t27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
JJX1 Mission Etreet: open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p.m.
!£C0 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CBTTJB.CH SEBvj.li.es.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, corner
Golden Gat? ave. and Polk st. — Preaching
to-morrow (Sabbath) at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. fcy the pastor, H. H. Bell. D.D. Morn-
ing theme, "Going On to Perfection": even-
ing theme. ••Nazareth and Surroundings,"
seventh lecture tn oriental series. Sabbath
school. 9:45 a. m.; C. E. societies, at 5:30
and 6:30 p. m. Strangers cordially Invited
to all services. Pews free. Courteous ushers.
Come and bring your friends. Music by good
male quartet. * ' _^^
MECTOTg NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and~g
A. M— THIS (SATURDAY) AFTER- W
NOON, at 2 o'clock. Second degree. By />r\
order of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
EXCELfilOR Degree Lodge No. 2/
I. O. O. F. — Reg-alar meeting JgpaiSa
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. l -M(jA£K^
First degree. -retMBP"
-.-.j.-- CHARLES J. THELAK. D. M.
COURT Defiance No. 23, Foresters of « m
America — Officers and members are
requested to assemble at our hall, C5J •
120 O 1 Farrell *t-. SUNDAY. Oct- AgL
23, 1904. at T2:3O p. m.. to attend «eS»
the funeral of our late brother. F. J. HORN.
Members of elster courts are Invited to at-
tend. L K. LEWIS. Chief Ranger.
Attest: A. WASCH, Secretarj'.
THE officers and members of the Grand Jtlltf
Grave, fnlted Ancient Order Druids of f?3
California, will assemble at Druids* •¦ ¦
Hall. 413 Sutter St.. 8. F.. SUNDAY, Octo-
ber 23. 1904. at 1 o'clock p. m., for the pur-
pose cf holding funeral ceremony over our
late Grand Treasurer. FRANK J. HORN.
All groves of San Francisco and vicinity are
requested to attend the funeral. By order of
CHS. DE LEGH. Noble Grand Arch.
JAMES F. MARTTNONI. Grand Secretary.
A MEETING of the Board ot Medical Exam-
iners of the State of California will be held !
en Tuesday, the 25th day of October, 1901, at
the City Hall, In the City and County of Ean
Francisco, State of California, at the hour
cf 10 a. m. cf said day. for the consideration
of applications for certificates and for such
ether business as may properly come before
It- Dated Ean Francisco, October 10, 1904.
Board of Medical Examiners of the Sta*« of
California. CHARLES L. TISDALE, Sec-
tary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic
Froce&s from N. H. Burger. In Dry Gulch
Gravel Mine, near Pleasant Valley.El Dorado
County, Cal., draining Into Clear Creek.
%-fclch reaches Cosumnes River, gives notice
that a meeting to receive any protests will
be held at rocm 96 Flood bldg.. San Fran-
clsco. Cal.. October 31. 1904, at 1:30 p. m.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1O0S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 r. m.
A-GEZTTS WAHTHP.
WANTED — Experienced high grade solicitors.
Call bet- 9 and 10, 659 Parrott building.
PfKLESS fountain pens: eample 15c; dozoa
$1 60; retails 25c FIELD CO.. 118 Bush st.
ATTOBBTSTS-AT-IiAW.
W. MATTHEWS, 632 Market st. — Consultation
free, private and confidential; no advance
feet; business promptly and legally transact-
ed: collections, mechanics' liens, tenants
ejected; probate: loans on real esute; safe,
sound investments at highest rate of Interest.
'• R.' W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 26
years; all courts, general court and of flea
practice; no fees In advance or for consul ta-
¦ttcn; evenings, by appointment. Tel.Red 3601.
MA — DIVORCE cosU. $12; quick quiet.
Advice free; all law business.
No charge unless successful.
IOCS Market st.. ccr. Seventh, room «1».
ADVTCE free; divorces a specialty; private.
Quick, quiet, low fees, no pay tn advance,
TCstab. 22 yrs. O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
A divorce cannot be obtained for $10 or $12.
'AA— Divorce; costs $12;qu1ck.qu!et;advlce free;
all law business; so charge unless success-
- fnl; open evenings. 927 Market St.. room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce coets *12; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. S19 Market- sU.r.33.
ADVTCE free; divorce coets $11; quick, quiet •
all law business; no charre unless suceeaa-
fcl: open evening*. 927 Market, room 204.
I< 8. CLARK. 027 Market, room 304; consulta-
tlon free: no fees tn advance; open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
_ ASYHJCA. CTJRE.
DI KOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly
loc. 25c. BOc 1602 -Market.' St. Nicholas :
also Wlshart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
ZOREIDE. astrologer; - psychic, . occult and as-
trological readings. 9 Mason st., rooms 1-2. •
.^ ATTTOKOgmag. .-
PIERCE motereites. one new,' one almost new"
at a bargain. 128 City Hall ave. , ';¦¦.-;---
BOAMIJS TOE CgHDRCT. .
LADY, want* ¦ child to board; good care. Ad-
- dress 320 Hampshire st. .--.¦..:/ ; .-'.-. •
BAD tenants ejected tor U: coi^UonT'maae":
• city cr country. , Pacific Collation Co.,- 4ia
. montgom«ry, *t^" rooms 8-10. 'TeL Main 55*0.
CLOTtagQ KElf O VATTJT Qj .,-. ¦ -
eV JJ^ cle " e<1 *nd pressed. $1; scouring and
to«H«. .Bon March*. Examiner bldg., r. 410-
I*one Drumm 44. Call for and deUver fres.'
«YOUR GHQIGE OF TWO ARTICLES '
f'^l afl& fiA JB^*3^ __^0T JftflL aWBL JjfiA JnLTL J& * jHt WL sM^» Jt^ Jf^ J^^
MPV'T' IMnAV t( s C AT T
rZ7] HE Nut Set consists of Six Highly Plated 'Steel , Picks and One Strong Nut Crack.
• 1 The Bread and Gake Knife is unequaled by any other knife on the market. It is
.- the best article ever devised for. slicing frosted cake, hot or cold bread or cake, and is
as easily sharpened as an ordinary knife. Anyone bringing a Want Ad to our office
TTiiirsday, Friday or Saturday
Will receive his choice of either of these premiums FREEi \
GAlit, BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFIGlt - - - - 1016 BkOApWAY
CE3.
A— $0500- THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay;- monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind In the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE, 20& Kearny st.
A S300 RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; cor-
ner: rent $30; best location; business paying
well. R. G. WILKE. '26% Kearny st.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few
blocks south of Market St.; net rent $90;
lease 4 years; average monthly receipts
$1100; value In sight. See R. G.. WILKE.
26fr Kearny Bt. ¦'.¦.¦¦ :-- . •
A— J1500; HARDWARE and plumbing business;
locaUon the very best; established. years, and
a flrst-claes paying business. All particulars
R. G. WILKE. Zisy, Kearny st.
A— $2300: TRANSFER and express business; "6
horses, 5 wagons, bus. road buggy, harness
and stock; business established years; clears
at least $200 per month; a rare chance. See
R. G. WILKE. 26 Vi Kearny st.
"A— $2000; CORNER Krocery and bar: choicest
location on Geary st.; rent $30; lease: a good
paying and old cstabl. business; disagree
• ment of partners cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st. ' : -
A— $1400; DAIRY produce" store with branch
bakery, confectionery and Ice cream parlor;
best location: about 1H blocks from Market
st. : dally receipts from $25 up. Call R. G-
WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A— $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $1800 — CORNER saloon In wholesale dls-
'trict; no night or Sunday-work; rent $75;
lease; a good paying business; value in sight;
owner engaged otherwise. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar: Western
Addition; 5 living rooms; rent $45; 4Vi years'
lease; splendid location and good-paying busl-
ness. R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $600; CORNER saloon;, rent $20; . place
surrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny at. - - - . ¦ •
A— $2800; CORNER bakery and confectionery,
ice cream parlor, etc., 4 fine living rooms;
rent $50: one of the best of Its kind of busi-
ness In the city. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A*-$2000; CORNER grocery and bar, with
living-rooms; rent $45; best location on Mis- !
clon st.: place established years; fresh stock;
value in sight and a good paying store. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ' -
A — $6500; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.; rent $250; return rent $175;
place doing good business; full value In sight;
a great bargain. See R.G.WILKE.26%Kearny.
A— $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly Income $1000: one of the
beet business properties: about 75 miles from
¦ city. 8ee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay: a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $6500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses, 2 hacks, 1 coupe. 18 bug-
gies, harness, etc; 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a first-class paying business; rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny at. .
A— $1600: COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds. 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; In lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN. . branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25:
daily, receipts about $20; best location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny. st.
A— $2600; HOTEL In San Mateo County; 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room. bowl-
Ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wngon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See
. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
etreet; rent $60; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2800; a well established and
flrst-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. . ... . . ... ,
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fail to call upon us; we may
have just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell. -
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. ¦ Telephone Folsom 3468.
$1700— FIRST-CLASS roadhouse and saloon in
typical location for climate, health and busi-
ness; adjoins Oakland; free from fogs and
sheltered from the winds: one block to cars:
a snap. ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway.Oakland
$7500 — FIRST-CLASS saloon proposition; Oak-
land: best in city; 5 years' lease; In dead
center of town; a close investigation solic-
ited and must be sold, if at all, within 10
days. ALDEN, 1233 Broadway, Oakland.
$1600 — GENERAL produce business for sale
at a bargain; Oakland; profits over $200
month: mi-st sell this week; sickness. AL-
DEN. 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
BRIGHT business man, with $2300, will find
best chance ever was offered for tale; me-
chanic preferred; state age and your former
occupation; references required. - Box 3419
Call office.
FOR eale — A laundry doing $200 worth of work
per week in a prosperous town of 3500 inhab-
itants: no other laundry within 20 miles; rea-
. son of sale, retiring from the laundry bust-
ness. Address box 2972. Call office.
FOR sale— $600; corner grocery and retail
liquor store, with five living rooms; good
location; well established; rent $30. Apply
350 Preelta ave.
$2000— GROCERY and general merchandise
rtore in good town 30 miles from 8. F.; do-
ing good business; cheap rent: 5 living ran;
barn. Morse &, Perry. 632 Market, room 5.
AN excellent paying grocery business; good
trade: jcood routes: rent reasonable, as pro-
prietor owns building. Box 1454, Call - of-
fice. Oakland.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., Ellicott square.
Buffalo.
$1200 A YEAR for life secured by small month-
ly payments for a short time only. INVES-
TOR. 518 Parrott . building. -
A DELICATESSEN; call to-day; leaving city;
big profits; good business; a bargain. 217
Sixth st. '
$500 — STEADY, reliable partner in established
business; pays $80 monthly to each; experi-
ence unnecessary. Apply 283 Fourth st.
SNAP — Grocery and bar; long lease: low
rent; bargain; doing good business. Inquire
at 8153 Twenty-fourth St. .- > ; ' -.
FOR eale— Bar; 7 furnished living rooms and
large dance hall; 5 years* r lease; on Mission
road. '. E. 'MONL 810 Pacific, bet. 8 & 9 a. m.
ACTIVE man wanted as partner In chophouse:
- $150 required : < can ' make $60 a month. ' 632
Market Bt.,room •. . ' 'riSS^MS^^ti
GROCERY,' and liquor; splendid . location; a
good business: books open for Investigation.
Address box 3462. Call. ,
FOR sale — First-class -rrooery and delicacy
store ; account ' of sickness. - 3601 . Army -- st.,
comer ' Ean •> Jose . ave. .
FINE- corner : delicacy, ; fancy groceries, and
liquors, with 4 living rooms; can't be beat.
¦ 798 Hayes at.' ¦•* ¦; : . ; , ¦ ,: •-, - . .
A WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon (here for 12
years) for sale on account of retiring. • Box
1749. Call * office. .
RESTAURANT ' for • sale - to the • Mission; . con-
, venlent- to transfer corner. Address box 1&64,
Call: office.;;,; /'A.V;\ - ¦'•;
DESIRABLE city Jots to exchange for a busi-
ness. ' Address, with particulars, box 1600.
Call office. ¦;.¦"•>', ¦;¦ V} : ~" ' >' -- <¦',' *¦':¦¦ ".¦." .-
A' COR. grocery delicatessen, with 2 furn. rms;
rent 115; 3-year lease. . 1300 Church st:
GROCERY and ' bar. .' Inquire Anchor Brewery •
1431 Pacific st. ¦ > .
SALOON and dance hall for sale cheap. An-
ply 316 Front st \
FOR sale— Fruit , store cheap. '-_¦¦ 2 Eighth st/, ".;_¦
WANTED — Partner: i 15 - rooms ; and " bar- *-" 3
.years', lease. 210 and 212 East St.". < - • ...
FOR: sale— Restaurant, factory district; lease;
liquor license. Address ¦; box R.- 1041 ¦ Mission.
FOR sale •—•" A ¦ good; planlng-mlll * in " Sonoma
County ; $2250.' Box 3110. ¦ Call , office. -
DAIRYf for 'sale.-. : : Inquire : between -8 > and - 12
. a. m.. 1 1312 ; Park t st. .-.Alameda. ,
$1000— CORNER 1 saloon \A good : . location- '- rent
' $35. . ¦.; Inquire \ 729 r Mission, »; cigar \ store.-
SALOON, for"/ sale,"- cheap. U 614% ' Battery st..
;.. : opposite Pogtof flee. Vf^aflWBMBfa I Ii \y m]|| B
. SALOON,; forj sale; fine T location in Oakland:
jV_ good ; business. - Address box ; 1571^ Call fice.-
$175^-CANDIES ' and "pastry ; .3 finely.. furnished ;
'rooms and; large 'basement." 625 .Taylor st. <
r C3JAiavOYAires — Contlaned.
MMB. II. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium: perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. next Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur m the future; if you are In
- trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable, ad-
vice In all affairs .of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. 1 Black 4569.
MRS. RICHARDSON, from London, England
clairvoyant, card reader. 313 Ellis st. • no
_ sign. , . . •
SPrRrrpAxisM.
MRS. BURR (formerly Anthony), medium re-
moved to 32. Ritch St., oft Folsom. bet.
Third and fourth. ". '"
ARRIVED from New York. Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychlo for slate writing clalr-
voyance. Office. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
C. V. MILLER'S materialising and trumpet
; seance to-night. 8 o'clock: 50c 1084 Bush st.
A-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium and life
' reader; dr. ev. evg 10c; read dally. 43 6th.
C MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkin.
room 49; readings 1 to B: tel.' South 319.
• '
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
.moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
St.. between Third and Fourth; more space-
¦i. finer rooms; better light; finest in the West-
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGB."
A— THE Lycium. an accredited preparatory
:; school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned ; bookkeeping. • penmanshin.
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarahlD
$50; positions secured ; day. . ev. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting-, ths largest
' institution ' devoted exclusively to dramatlo
: learning in America: positions guaranteed*
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building:
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. min.. mech. sur-
vey. assay,' cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864: Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton.' nr. City HalL
CLABSES in short story writing and Journal-
Ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p.m.
333 Phelan bldg; terms very reasonablt. '
¦A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
> LEGE. 1383 Market st. Send for caUUocuC
X— MOVED to : 1281 Market st. ; large sunny
quarters. ¦ , Western - Business College.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave. :, positions secured. R. H. Webster. Prts.
CAI*. \ school elocution, oratory, nhys. culture:
day, eve. Y. M. C. A. bldg.. Mason & Ellis.
ARITHMETIC, aljfebra. ' grammar. wrlUng,
¦ et;.'. $S mo. ; private. 1281 Market st.7 r. 704.
SPANlSH,French.etc.Prof.De Fllippe-aAcademy
'of languages, 1013 Post; est. 1871; ablest profs
Dancing Academy. 1164A CFar-
>rell— Adults; Thursday,;, juveniles Saturday.
CHICAGO Business College. ¦- 1435 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand. ' typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
'; GUITAR. . mandolin * and piano, •-' $3 <• per ' mo. :
, mandolin' club., $1; per mo. 828 Halght St.-
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
'- ; man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cat
8HORTHAND taught thor'ly by. mall and per-*
f ' sonally..; MIm M. Q.~ Barrett.- 302 Montg*my.
SCHOOL OF ••= ILLUSTRATION— — Day and
. PARTtNGTONrS. : 424 r Ptne st.— Night class.
, ISAAC ; Pitman ' Business • College. . 345 Halght:
c •;¦, Individual lnstrnc; t all '. branchea; , day, eve.
; CALIFORNIA », Business , Colleg*. ' 025 .". Goldsn
".-Gate ave..-.B.;F.;i75-page catalog; on request.
.' . - - ¦- ', SMDPIrOYBaCEirr I O m OiiS.
1 a— JAPANESE and Chinese employment offios
' supplies best help promptly; city or country.
Ti B. • IMURA. j 839 Sacramento. T«t. ' James 52fll ;.'
' WB furnish bookkeepers." clerks.* stenographer*.
;. ii general help. i "NATIONAL.". 509 Hearst bid.
." a— ORPHBTUM - Employment ¦ Office— Japanese- ,
: Chinese help. '42*. Powell st. ;- tel. , Main 875X ¦:
3 APANE9B- Chinese Ernp. j Office.- 415 Stockton ;
Z4 best help. Frita ,Tamagaki,mgr.,tel.Bush 88».
RELIABLE Japanese. Chinese Employment Of- 1
- -j flee ; all kinds help.' 315 Stockton ; Main 1138.
BUSnTESS CHANCES — Contlnned. _
A— CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine jjhance for
cummer outing, also for, winter "footing and
flEhlng; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatlo generators for
making own gas: toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern: accommodates 1-
people over night: perfect little home: owner
obliged te go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Flrst-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast' city in California: 50 stalls,
rent only - $75 per month; well stocked with
horses buecies. hacks, and coupes;* long es-
tablished and dolnc a good business; owners
retiring, cause of eale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy st. ¦•¦' '.. r^.,: .'
FOR *ale— Several . good business propositions
for Investors, such as flrst-class laundry, Ice
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, - restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON &: CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AN Ideal resort,' 30 minutes',, ride from city; 1
acres In shrubbery; 22 rooms ¦ furnished;.' 2
bars.,' dancing :'¦>. pavilion, 7 shooting v gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun -
- day; electric cars direct; '¦ clears ¦ $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO., 3. Eddy; st.,, . ';,
FOR sale— One of ? the ¦ best , hay, ¦ rrain, f ted.'
¦wood, coal, lime and, cement businesses : in :
<¦ 8. . F. : cheap rent : ' horses and >. wrasrons ; ¦ all
"equipments; nresent ¦ owner has made,a-for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500. to $800 per month: trial Eivenlf
desired; cart down. CAMERON &-OO.
FOR sale— Fine little 3-room cottage and" barn;
lot S0xl37 feet: all- furnished;- horse :. ana
,.buggy; fine well; 15 minutes', walk from" de-:
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St. - ~ ' :
PARTNER, detective ; and - collection; estab-
lished business; small capital. Room 25,; 1014
Broadway, , Oakland. ;•, :.¦''.*•
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly. Call.
: '. : 16'page*(. in wrapper, for mailing,' $1 per year.:
CAm^^TOo A^cLEAHma.'
COMPRESSED i Air and Vacuum Process use*
f for cleaning carpets on floor, without removal ;
¦ carpets and rugs ' also cleaned by compressed
air - at chop; » prices ¦ moderate. S. '?• F. Com-
' pressed 'Air ; Cleaning,; Co.. 308 ; Market St.;
.phones Main. 152 and Bush 479.", ¦ - -
WHEN I you : become disgusted .with • your work*
--send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
¦¦¦' ing works, 355-357 Tehama St., Tel. South 40.
WESTERN ¦ Carpet" Cleaning Works, >' 1809 Har-
- V rlson-: st. ; '-'Al - cleaning, 3c.' : • FRE^D HAGE-
, PORN & CO.; phone Mlselon 225.1^ ;,
CONKLIN'S : Superior- Carpet iBeatlng - Works,'
<333 Golden Gate ave.' .Telephone East 126.- *.
MITCHELL'S; 1 240 : Fourteenth « st."— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning.; 3c, yard. Tel. Mission^*.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning! Co.;' 402 Sutter st •
; . tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. ; Props!
: RUDOLPH & CO..' earpet-beatlng works ; prices
y reasonable. : 1703 Harrison at.; tel. Mission 263.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— ThelWeekly; Call,'
;16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing.' $1 per year.
¦' - aoPGiyG-HOTrsiwfro^sAXB?V -:L
~ ¦ -.- ; / '. . ¦'¦ . ¦- ' ..' --.
FORCED ' SALE, ACCOUNT "OF SICKNESS."
; Btyiish ; rooming-house ' (and ;¦ boarding)/- 20
rooms ; choicest location .; in : the city ; - sunny ; all
• fine •: furniture ; ; house 1 all r full. 5 ;*¦ Call 1 to-da7,'
1128 . Eddy, -»' opposite Jefferson ; Park ; ; telephone
Jackson • 1 56; ? might .trade , for • good ¦ real estate;',
• first { fair ; offer.; will ; be ¦ accepted, v : - \ ??'-¦ .'.' ,", • •
:~.:~-. . . . r.; . . * Mitchell ¦ & ¦* co. ¦ -, : .-. v. r:^: /::
t ¦ 1206;. Market st. .."'.'.. V.'. .Phone j Jessie 52981:'
¦ '; Rooming ' and ' apartment j houses, 1 ' hotels s and
.- flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed.'
fr/7.-. '.?*.".-. T.J MITCHELL T & * CO.'j . . ;V. . ; r^iti
: 20 . rms.V r downtown^nr. s theaters ; i rent* $75 :lrea-
; :;sonflble offer accepted. 1 ! MITCHELL;- 1206 MkC;
"HOUSE f of i fourteen ': rooms,t well \ f urnlshed.S for
"': housekeeping.' ;;;427s» O'Farrellt st. .-' :, >¦• ¦;' -"..t- ',-. r ';.
141 ROOMS J for "sale ; "" good > location ; "reasonable
price. S21 j Mission tet. ' ' * " T
CI.AIBYOYANTS.
THE greatest living adviser on the continent,
RICHARD MAYO. -
Reduced charges • this week. ¦
Full life reading. $1. -
, Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
. At a glance, before you have, a chance to
utter one word.' he will tell you'what you call
for; give dates, facts * and names of departed
or absent friends; he tells every wish of your
life, how ; to ' gain success in ' love, \ courtship,
marriage, divorce: whether you'll be success-
ful In business affairs; in fact, no matter what
may be your. fear, hope or ' ambition, call on
this gifted , man and find relief; his descrip-
tions ¦. of . your friends and enemies are as real
as though they stood before you; he will send
you away happier, wiser, and bolder than ever
, before; ' tells - you \ whom ¦ and ;.when you , will
marrj-, settles love quarrels, promptly reunites
the separated, no matter how long , standing,
positively- mentioning - your sweetheart's full
name; bet tells, everything, good 'or,, bad; you
hear the truth and nothing but 'the truth; all
business - confidential. 1 * 421 Ellis st.' »- (private),
walk In; hours, ,10 to 8, ; daily and Sunday.
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mentel Reading for $1.
The great — ELLSMERE.. Ellsmere — the great
Egyptian ; seer, palmist, medium; the greatest
.clairvoyant -In the world; tells your name,
what you called for, whom and when you will
;'» marrj',' about business, etc.; Ellsmere is differ-
¦ ent, from, other clairvoyants, because he does
what they claim to do; things that are beyond
ordinary understanding, 1 things that seem im-
I possible: he gives you Information, relief,' suc-
. cess. ' satisfaction, power and control of . any
¦ ' character affecting any one or anything past.
present or future; he tells you just what you
; may ; expect and what : to do for your best in-
.terests. in any matter; he. awakens a, natural
:'¦. force .within and around you,' giving you a se-
¦ : cret ' power, to remove the cause of any trouble,
• i Influence, unhappi ness, disease, poverty,' fail-
.". ure or, bad luck that surrounds you; he opens
.up a way; for success and ; happiness you de-
• sire; a -power, to secretly change the, thoughts,
-actions,-, habits or Intentions of any, one,. even
miles away;. remember there, is no guesswork
¦tvhen-you consult him; If affairsof the heart
or , emotions i of -, love v Interest ? you, i he ¦ gives
- ! exact and; truthful advice on all love affairs;
' . he ' advises you how to settle lovers' quarrels
V and enables you to. win the esteem and loveiof
"- *ny ¦ cne ; you desire. •- .. , its-
. -3 ofllces. - ¦¦': 1007% Market "street. ~ 3 offices.
.-- Open Sunday,'. every day, 10 to 8. Mall.' $2.
.T' ; ASSURED. SUCCESS FOR YOU.
His former $5 reading . this week for $L.
v> ;, PAUL DESTINE.
The . first • ' registered • ' trance clairvoyant : and
,./; J -palmist 'ever > In > San Francisco.', : - ,
• I do hereby (solemnly agree and guarantee
-.to make no charge If I fail to tell your name
and , what = you '¦ want to ; know, u I • tell • If hus-
' band, * wife * or f sweetheart Is : true or false,
wham and^whenjyouwlir marry; In. fact I
;-;; will tell everv. hope.'* fear or ambition better
~ than i you •: can '•, tell 1 yourself- : I " will * improve
¦,your. condition so you will reach the greatest
1 possible : strength - in mental and bodily , vigor
end •« luck 1 that I Insures • success - In . business.
..mining and speculation; M implant controlling
v ; power tin-; your. • nature < so ; : you can . fascinate
: anyjonej you: deslre.'^wln the one . you -° love.' 1
S bring back your loved one and cause marriage
: with the one of. choice.- 10 "A. M. i to 8 P.M.
v j Closed i Sunday. v : . ¦¦ 326— O' Farrell ; at.— 326. "¦ .-¦
MME. '4 PORTER.*"" clairvoyant, . medium ; f- born
*¦; with' double veil and; second sight; tell3 past
K present T -- and -: future ; ' ladles ' 50c ; - gents » by
, cards ; $1 ; , palmistry "and full ! life readine SI
• ; 303 '¦ Jones > st;.^ near ; Eddy^: " '
A— Miss ; M.;,WHle;j 330 ; Ellis; clairvoyant crys-
%$Ul\ seer and life reader," will tell you exactly
A what , you ; called ? for without asking a ques-
Uon; names given; special." $1; hours^lO^o a.'
¦ ISMAR.- Egyptian seeress. The Vendome 1104
. ;» Market ; st.-, ,; San : Francisco, a- Office ' hours 10
Ji,a.!m.">to 6 p."m.;;SundaysM0 to 12; : Wednes-!
day ? evenlng.1 6 • to ; 8. » Phone ; South * 1141. ; . ' :
MISS ZEMDA^young,' 5 gifted clalr.* and palm •
'^ reveals ) love,': marriage. ¦ business. " etc' ; L 50c • ¦
;q G.'$l;h6nrs 10 to 9; names. ?,714 Franklin at.'
A-Mme.1 Ravenna' reads | llf e ; > business advice- ;
1 -r names given ; SSc'up.', S ; Ellis st-T, nearj Market
' MRS.' SHAFFERS clairvoyant,' card reader/ has
U returned ; sittings dally.> 108 6th st.r rooms 1-2.
•MME.^ODELL,; clairvoyant, card 1 reading,^ tea
st;; no slgi^):^
i MME.* GABRIEL^ f from; the East: palmist card
•y.» reader.^765 Market ;.at.--- r. . 2,;opp. f Pbelan bloV;
IPROF.t JOHNS, 1 ; palmist and psychic card read--
My;^ a< "°ga;r5c;'2itoj0 ; p.,m.;512;Jeft8ie^8t.1
fMBAilBAUMANN.^ths^weU-knowaftortuat-":
IiODOING-HOUSES FOB SAXE— Con.
A— CAMERON & CO., ; - Phone South 1050.
¦ : 3 Eddy st., cor.' Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses,' Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
82 rooms: cheap rent;t 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition; good- furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city. , - •
7-room modern flat; close in; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
28 ; rooms; new ' and elegantly ¦ furnished; on
Sutter; paying a handsome < profit on Invest-
ment;, call for particulars." ¦',;
-" 108 rooms: rent only $5 60 per room: . long
lease; up-to-date, downtown,'- modern house:
electric lights, bell and r elevator; all light
rooms, ;. well j furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get flrst-class house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for -Europe to settle an estate; make :offer;
exclusively with us. . ¦, -".;.¦
1 00-roora, . new, modern '¦¦ 2 and S room apart-
ment-house; cheap • rent; :, most elegantly
equipped in city ; 5 - years' lease ; every ap-
pointment heart could wish; this little gem at
bargain on account of sickness.
v .45 rooms; rent only, $125; flrst-class location;
well furnished and good running, order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full: best
buy in city; account of sickness; price $4500. :
¦ 160 rooms'; grand, new, . modern ' apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close; In; full of nice people;; bargain if taken
at ; once; dissolution of partnership. •.
• <60 rooms; new, modern building; " elegantly
furnished; close in; full' of -flrst-class: people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity. to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; -sickness.
*¦ 24 ! rooms; rent $145;new and elegantly fur-
nished; -oak and mahogany; /fine .proposition;
good lease.' - . •;.;_¦-.;,->:
.16 rooms; rent $65; good- furniture and car-
pets; always -full: must sell - within next . ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
J • 80 rooms ; ! newly ¦ furnished . throughout ; : five-
year = lease; downtown; -.fine, .respectable, mon-
ey-making, house; part: down, . balance ; reason-.
able interest. ¦ .,.*•¦:
;«¦': 9-room : flat: rent' only $50: water, free; oak
furniture;' good carpets;? must sell; price $400.
. 128 rooms, cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date 'downtown house; ¦' well -", furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must' sell on
account : of-. other, business; -only with r us. ; '
¦ 65 : rooms; best downtown commercial' house
In- city: : clearing now : $300 per; month; '¦ every-,
thing flrst-class condition; will. trade for Oak-
land, » Alameda ¦ or> Berkeley ' property:, or . ranch
in . California; , must : leave . city. ¦
' -i 21 i rooms; cheap rent; very central; good fur-
niture and ; carpets; , clears • $100 ' per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
r£ 84 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated:
all- in'fine shape;- fine- little Apartment-house;
clears ; $150; reduced to ; $2800. ,
:.- Large list cf real estate.*". "rooming-houses r and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
, , CAMERON, 3 ; Eddy . st.
HOTELS.'" ."-./..-.;• yV.-.;:"- -:•-; :"¦- ,jv. . '¦-' '¦-:'.. \
I A' WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call."
¦ 10 pages.i in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.'
' ; - 1 '^- - - - -\ -!-^ -.L?^ 11 ? 1 ,*^?/^^ '- 1 '-"^^".'SSx^
; A NEW, plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break;
..warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings,* 8Oo;:
¦'plates 2 $5 ; l full set ; '.: all ' work r painless u and
.;.] warranted.'^ Chicago, Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR." LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
4 —No i charge • for ' extracting i wheni plates ' are
: i made ; 1 old • plates ' made -. over ¦• like new;;, teeth :
"il t from , $8 per. set ; ; extracting 00c; ; gas : given. ~-.fi.
\ PARIS Dental Parlors," 235 Kearny.* cor. ? ! Bush—
|::?Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns,; $2 up; fillings." 23c?,
GOLJ) j flIHngs. v 75o; ' silver.'^ 85c; i crowns.1 $2; : no
I ,- l pain; open Sundays.iDr.AlC.Hewltt.204 Sutter.l
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. ¦ surgeon-dentlst,r.l4. l lst
. ~- ; floor.' Phelan bld..+ 806 MarkeCcor^CFarrell:)
; DR.- R.I L., WALSH -has moved j from Geary ,'st.:
¦^itoicorneriSutter^andiGrantfave.* v :'¦'-. J > ';
j Alitr^work ; guaranteed I by I the 1 New 1 York ' den-
? I tlstt.'; Dr." Perkins.^ Mgr.. i 1)60 Mission. "i cor. 6th
. DEBSSHiKEBS A2TZI EEAMSTBESSE3.
McDOWELL' Dressmaking^' Millinery School— 1
J-;-,' Patterns cut to measure; eve.** class.- L 1019jMkt;
:Accordion;t5 sunburst I and * knife *pleatlnr.y Stew
•^ art 'fJ52. ttea '* buttonhole faittonr.'UlOiTaylor.i
' — TsaTisafMlsaWsMirBSStBSSisTirilis TisniTii
FREE- YOUR CHDICCOr CITHER A LIGHTNING BREAD AND CAKETHE SAN FRANGISGO^GALL,; SATURDAY. .OGTOBER 22. ; 1904:
13
Ui _ T .9_;EP A 1*- ;
—MANHATTAN 'LOAN COMPANY "(inc.)—
:¦'.-.. •.-..;:.'. ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN.. ...
....INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
..:............. PROPERTY ............ ...
Second mortgages, life insurance policies; es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies • and undivided interests in property
'purchased. ' e .' ',
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~~~ T ~-
¦' . . 601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments. •„• ;
Save expenses by . dealing directly.
Estate, second : mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment - Strictly confidential.
. ¦ When You Need Money. - '
See HERMAN MURPHY.
" WILL LOAN ¦ , ¦ • •..-¦<.¦;•
A reasonable amount on
¦¦¦;: .'¦' '. 1st, 2d or 3d -
Mortgage, on real estate or
. Chattels, : in city, town .
cr country. „¦ - :
Low rate . of Interest
.* \/ f .. Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, jetc ¦¦-.'.'¦'." .
\ Box 490. Calt office.- ,'
SALARY LOANS— '
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or. indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
« call and get terma. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or planos'at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; , any
2 amount O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
¦ principal cities. Tolman.' 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY I respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. ' Baldwin Jewelry Store,
006 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
YOUNG & CO.. room 537 Parrott bldg.. loan
money on' furniture, pianos, etc., at about
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid off.
ON ' salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
near Market . •
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
/2 per cent per month. ' ¦ - • •
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities,
$25 up, without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co., 60 Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL 'LOAN OFFICE, 907 Market st
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet confidential. 28 Montgomery st, nn. 21. '
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
. ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY . to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
. at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Banna n &
Hall, room 1213 Call bldg: phone Main 3214.
DON'T, borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY, loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALLloans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
8 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
. no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly CalL
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
A*TrEvT7n^ru1[NE"*Upl3^
Mussard — Small upright fine order.
'-' Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable. * „" ¦
- Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chickering — Mahogany case, . perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany case, 3 pedals, like new,
from $95 up; easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ ft SON. 16 O'Farrell st
WHEN you want - to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Curtas Piano Co., 560-62-64
.Hayes st: tel. Fell 5761. . . ' ¦
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st.
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNO. 216 McAllister st
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Port st «
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
OrnCES ANP STOKES TO UBT.
ELEGANT offices;' new Italian-American Bank'
bldg.. 8E. cor. Montgy. A- Sacto; light and
sunny. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgy.
WANTED — A tenant for 3 fine offices and hall,
38x100. , 727 Mission st .
FINE »tore. with _ basement: leas*. 1217
.;' Stockton ; st, 1 near Broadway.
FOR rent — Section of large loft; light and airy
. L. MINK. Kin New Montgomery st; 7th floor
PATElgTB.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market »t.
ppaCHASTisro' aosscieb.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence, solicit,
cd. 305 Larkin.st. room 49; tel. , South 319.
"REXKADIO'S" Saturday's Bulletin — "Par-
."< alysis" overcome.. "blindness". greatly helped.
total "deafness (heard ' whisper),' "cancer"
' largely reduced; another "deaf, mute" heard
and "spoke" ;. numerous others. "Public"
healing (free) Sunday, 2 and S p. m. S«e
(all) Sunday's papers for unusually marvel-
• -ous, startling Incidents. "s."5^i Market st
A— MME. G1LLINGHAM,
. m DERMATOLOGIST.
Han removed her parlors ¦ to < 143 . Stockton st.
Union-square . bids.*, over Regal shoe store, opp.
City of Psrls.i room* 16, where she will continue
to .-treat: her patrons for all facial blemishes.
1HE Star Hair Remedy restores ; gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruS
- snd itching scalp; no 'stain.' or stickiness:
. .'cleanses scalp; stdruggtats'. * hairdressers' : ac-
-¦- cept ao nubstltute. : Star Remedy co.. 1338 Polk.
DR. ROW ELL'S Fire of Life,' a sure cure for
•¦ theumatism, paralysis, 'neuralgia, pneumonia.
'¦"' tore, threat.' etc : Sold by all druggists for
.-over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL *¦ BROWN.; 40 Turk st.' 8. F.
FANCY and" silk <¦ dress-is csrefully 'washed.
J A I'AXESK FAVORITE r LAUNDRY., eatab.
IS'JO.-. u:^2: Flllmore st. ; phone Geary '2053.
lShJj'J-onearih—Barratiaii liver, ladney.- air-*.
¦ lhtutnaiiMii ar.rt ttciinacb ' troubles cured: }!.'
~ HARRAVJAS MKDICAI. CO.. :«0 Grant ; ive.
A GLA RANTEE »TO GROW HAIR .
On the went bnl<! head."; Call or writs. :
{ r:DR. O. S. .MCOKK. 3.TJ O'Farrell St. '.
' AT l«ys than cost; uncalled 'or suits, overcoat*
ind ircm-rt at CHARLES LYONS'. Loadoa
; .'.Tailor.:. 7*1 -Market; Rt ¦".-•
TOU can 'buy $75, worth of ' furniture . for ' $7 30
!:e oo* n " snd = $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
\ CO.. 340 Post str near P>w#ll.
CYCLE ' skating ¦ rink. , Central . Park. -. opp. City
V?Hall;> Market st:;JlsdIca free. ¦- ¦¦>,¦¦.> ;- ¦¦ ';_
EUITfc. to order en Installments of $1 per weak.
¦•;-.: NEUHAUS,CO:'.the tailors.. 728 Market st ;.*
ELEGANT, suits to crder/ extra pants or fancy
/: .vests/, for $14 75. Fred .Wagner." 850 Market
EASY install/Dents {or Men and Youths. Salts
\2to : Order.** Co-opera tive ;. Tailoring.: lll~.cMkt.'
|I k week: cults to order til up. LEMOS. a;;
• Market st... bet.. Seventh and Eighth.
j BA RQ A1N S I In I fine I diamonds : : easy I payments.
- t P..V.;GARlN.-; 138 Montgomery st : :"¦ ¦ . <
ONE Dollar weekly' keeps you "' in: fins 'clothing.
.;> Art Tailoring.' 1644 Mkt. under St Nicholas.
: Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. ~>. Mrs.
•• Eaton, 36S> Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary. r.3S.
LADIES and gentlemen." you will find best hair
j^tonloln^ the = world; at; 1810 Sutter stj V- ¦;
TAILOR-MADE ? suit; $7 50; vdress) pants : $2 5a
i,~, Misfit Clothing Parlor.' cor. Bush and Dopoat;
MAEQUERAGB • costumes, play - books,*'; wigs;
' -r country, orders. GOLDSTEIN . ft CO.. 733 j Mkt'
ALFREDUM 1 S ¦¦ Egyptian * Henna'' restores ¦ gray ,
~ ¦ hair ; to its natural - color; $1 at all druggists'.
WABrTEP^MAI.E--- Contlnnod.
A— MURRAY & READY, 0.M and 038 Clay st'
Phone Main 584S. ;; *.
Leading .Employment and Labor Agents.
We t>peak the German," French, : Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
00,000 Men Work. Increase 00.000.
GOLD MINES COAI.
SILVER MINES COPPEH
Blacksmith, placer mine. $60 and found.
Carpenter, mine, north, $60 and found.
ANOTHER MINE. ¦
5 hand miners,' good gold mine, no blankets
required ; hotel accommodations, ¦ reading
and bath room, inquire about It, $75.
3" muckers, quartz mine, $75.
COAL MINE, '
STATE OF WASHINGTON. %*&*&
10 coal miners,- company guarantee $3 to $3 75
day can be. made; good accommodations.
Part Fare Refunded. - ¦
I MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
CARPENTERS." - , ~ ~ ' • . .'
SHINGLERS, .'
MECHANICAL.
LONG JOBS.
8 carpenters, plain house work, fare 50c, $90.
4 carpenters, Berkeley, $3 to $3 50.
2 shtnglers. fare $1, long job. $1 per M fd.
2 carpenters, mine district, $97 60.
PLUMBERS.
6 plumbers, fare paid, north, $4 day.
4 bench hands; 6 cabinet makers; 3 Iron
molders, see boss here, - $3 50 day; 2 brush-
makers: 3 paperhangers, city.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
A— ARE YOU
MARRIED?
Working foreman and wife for ranch. $60 fd. |
Married farmer, no work for wife, $30 fd. j
Farmer and wife, Oregon. $40 found. I
A— SPECIALS.. I
MISCELLANEOUS. ' .
BOOKKEEPER.
Bookkeeper and stenographer, country store.
FOREMAN.
Foreman for scraper gang. Nevada, $65 fd.
FARMS— DAIRIES .
SO plow teamsters, $30 to $35 fd.; 10 general
farmhands, $26 to $30 fd.; 10 milkers, city
and country; 10 choremen and choreboys.
- Boy for grocery store, city Job; boys for
factories,
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
ITS NEW
WORK — —
CENTER OF MINE DISTRICT
20 laborers, long Job, $C0.
15 teamsters, 2 and 4 horses, $60.
Ship to-night : Ask for It
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay st -
A— COOKS. WAITERS. £
BUTCHERS, ETC.
German cook, country hotel, . $50 found.
6 other cooks, 5 waiters, 14 dishwashers,
etc.; 10 butchers, shops and slaughterers, $30
to $60 fd.; sausage-maker, country shop,
south, $40 and found.
WOODCHOPPER.
10 men to chop stove wood, north, good long
Job, fare $2 50, $2 cord. ¦
Stableman, city company, $60.
Handy man for ranch, $30 and found.
Woodchoppers, Santa Clara County, $2 50 a
cord. '
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A— . SPECIALS.
• GOOD MINE.
5 hand miners, $S2 50.
6 muckers. $75.
TO BUTTE.
10 laborers, no experience needed, for large
company, 6 months' Job, $60; brick wheeler,
good Job. $2 50 day; Janitor, city; 3 bedmak-
ers; elevator boy, $15 and found, city hotel;
cook en dredger, near city, $35 found; car-
penter to build warehouse, $3 day.
FOREMAN.
Foreman pile , driver, good wages, see bos*
here.
J. Rawllns. cook, please report.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
BARBER wanted Saturday evening and Sun-
day morning. 137 Sixth st. . .
BARBER Saturday and Sunday. 414 Mont-
gomery ave.
BARBER fo r Saturday and Sunday. 173S
Market St.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 32S Bush
st. third floor, room 4.
OFFICE boy wanted; give age and references.
Box 3524. Call office. ,
TINSMITHS wanted: steady Job for good
workmen. 17 Drumm st. *
BOOTBLACK In barber shop wanted. 427 Tay.
lor St.. cor. Geary. .... .
DISHWASHER' to help In kitchen. 815 Va-
lencla st s
WANTED — 2 second-hand revolving chairs tn
good order; cheap. Box 4271, Call.
FOR *ale — A bargain; two-chair barber shop;
must go East. 160S Devlsadero st.
MEN— The ORIGINAL JNO. A. MOLER has
opened one of his famous barber colleges at
644 Clay st.; trade taught in 8 weeks;. tuition
earned while learning; constant practloe; ex-
pert Instructions; positions guaranteed. Call
or write (correct number) 644 Clay st
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; only, institution teaching the ton-
sorial art Call or write for free catalogue.
Special offer. Mcbler Barber College. 643
Sacamento st.
BOOKKEEPER, married: familiarity with
hardware or Iron business preferred; state
references, age, experience and salary want-
ed. Box 3450, Call office.
FIRST.CLASS, experienced tinner and general
Jobber; steady employment guaranteed for a
. good mechanic. Apply CHARLES BROWN &
- SON, 807 Market st. :<~r*
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
" lcs. skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD &
SMITH. 95 Third st. San Francisco.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. It-no House proprietor, has
r.ddf-d 100 new rooms to. the Denver House,
217 Third st; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
FIRST-CLASS Jewelry engraver; good salary:
permanent position; state references. Box
34»4. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS diamond and Jewelry salesman;
good salary; permanent position; no boys;
state previous employment. Box 8405, Call.
YOUNG, energetic men and women wanted for
light work; good. pay, with good territory to
; work in. Inquire 247 Fifth st
WANTED— Men to fill 350 rooms , at 20c per
night: clothes closets, hair mattress, electric
light In every room. 081 Howard st.
FOR male — Barber shop; living fboms In rear.
Auply at TROST'S. barber supplies, 1532
Mason st .
S." F. Barber College, 741 Howard st, wants all
young men to know that It has the finest
equipped school west of St. Louis; red. rates.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc 563 Mission »t.; bet. 1st and 2d sts.. -
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.,
TRY our men'* shoes/union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form sheas. $2 CO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid. ;open till 9 p.m. i
ALL men — Bsrber < trade taught In barber !
shops; wages .paid while learning;' the only
practical method. 647 Commercial . st. '
WANTED — A first-class .. candy helper at
TOWNSEND'S. ' ;
WANTED — Boy to-learn machinist trade.. 256
Fremont st. . •
FOR sale — Old-established 2-chair barber shop;
. low rent; good locality.- 240-1 Folsom st -•,-. ..;.''
FOR sale^-Barber shop. " 1934 Market st.
500 BARBERS to buy our new brand of razors.
G. A. TROST Barber Supply Co.;. 308 Mason.
FOR sale— Three-chair barber shop. '. ' 779 Fol-
som, near: Fourth. :.l -i: "' • . \ ;. •
TWO : men .wanted - to learn . barber trade in
shop; wages ', paid. - ; 751 Mission st " - " ¦
MEN to learn the ' detective ; profession. 197
- Markct >ti roora 1M '- '•¦'-' ' <: '.v '-
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
;¦•. the world at HERMAN" 8. 20 Bteuart st M
MEN wanted at 137 3d st, where ¦) shoes ¦ are t re-
,.: paired by machinery: sewed soles 10 min.,75c.
SAILORS and young , men i (green = hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 817 V Jackson ;»t -;- ,
, LABOR debts collected; -suits. '-< attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 323 Montsy., r. 415.
PENSION Atty., J E.A.Bullls, r. 40. Phelan bldjr. ,
Past Com." Qeo. i H. '.Thomas ; Post"- O. r A. ;¦ R.' ;
WINCHESTER Hotel. 1 44 .Third, st; near; Mar- j
ket— 700- rooms:; 35c r . night;- readings rooms; :
free "bus and baggage , to : and l from ¦ ferry.;-.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at !
Call branch office,' cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office ; of : The !¦ Call '• for " the . recep-'
¦ ; tlon of advertisements: and; subscriptions has
."'.'. been ¦;> opened '. at >• 1008 • > Market • str. opposite
Fifth.. Open untll;llip. m. : :-; ;>¦ ; ; ;
'ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
¦ • price, 't 5fi3 - Mission st. • bet * 1st ' and ¦ 2d ¦: sts.
::- •.;¦¦¦¦ ; : : solicitors t--,wAirTO>.\..;--:. ¦- :." ¦(¦
MAN • or 'woman ? to » canvass '¦ \a"- Oakland : : 10 s a
day. 1114; Washington; st.,~:room, 3,^10 tol2;, ;
maii rsTATg— coTnrr»T— Tor «isw
FOR SALeT' • "~
The Potter ranch, three miles north of.
Napa. has been subdivided into 15 blocks,
ranging from 10 to 30 acres each; this ranch
Is nicely located in the center of Nap* Val-
ley, near a good school, and Is offered for
sale at the low price of $66 to $90 per acre*
by Nan. and San Francisco Real Estate)
Co.. 2S North Main st. Napa, Cat
SNAP. ~~
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE. i
160-acre full bearing fruit ranch, * mostly
prunes: all necessary appliances for handling
. the crop; two sets buildings; will divide and
* sell on easy terms or exchange for Oakland.
Berkeley or S. F. property: price $30,000.
J. H. EDSON, 14 and 15 Bacon block. Oak-
land. 3»Q9l*JfaMiMMBl
• — . — _— . .
BALE or exchange for city property: sacrlne*:
153 acres. Nap* Co. ; 60 acres In cultivation:
fruit vines and grain; fully equipped an4
paying: beautiful place: gentleman's hooasw
8HADBURNE. 40S Montgomery st
POULTRY men and small farmers buy now;
finest valley. land In Sonoma County on very
easy terms; send for descriptive circular.
PETERS & BAINES. 116 Montgomery st
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKEH3:
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st T
$9000 WILL secure a larg« tract of land that
la wcith four times the amount asked; muse
be sola before November 1: a ehaae* to maksi
"¦ a fortune; positively no risk. Box 2702. Calt
A SNAP for immediate cash; 200 acres of tho>
finest land tn Northern California. ALEX
MURDQCK. 875 Thirty-seventh st. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States er Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. -
osxozmr xajvcjuss.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract at 8an Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slop*: sis*
to suit; easy terms; plenty water: fine fruit:
csll for details: go and se« Sunday. Owner.
713 Mills building. .
POINT KICTMOirP REAI. E3TATB.
LOT In Richmond $218; this is a bargain. Ad-
dress box 1458, CaU office. Oakland.
«XAX ESTATE TO gCTATOB^
AN elegant 10- room house in the best location
In Oakland to exchange for land or lots. P
C LASSEN A CO.. 466 Tenth »t. Oakland.
CLSAR Oakland. Berkeley er S. F. property
for ranches. J. H. EDSON. 14-i5 Baooa
• block. Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVEKrS'NT3
BEJtXEIOTT KBAL ESTATE.
-$3500-
A CHOICE home on Delaware). st. Berkeley; •
rooms and bath; lot 40x135: new and modern;
sunny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment if desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (lac),
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st.
Oakland.
$150 DOWN.
To close out my holdings In Golden Gate and
near Ashby station, on the Key route. I will
sell lots and build small homes on your own
plans for only $150 down.
M. L. WURTS * CO., 1323 Broadway op-
poslte Postofflce.
FOR sale— Two 7-room houses; new and de-
sirable;, one a corner: choice location; near
station and cars: must sell at once. For par-
- tlculars. call 1925 Vine st.
BEBgEUT HOUSES TO LIT.
FOR rent — In desirable, residence section of
Berkeley, house of 9 rooms, porcelain bath,
storeroom; stable and chicken-house; 3 blocks
from Berryman station. 5 blocks from Berk*.
ley and tt front entrance to university; 2025
Virginia st. between Shattuck and MllvU:
newly painted and papered throughout r~rent
$39; will not be rented to tenant* . who let
housekeeping rooms. Apply 26 Montgomery
' St. ¦ room 8, San Francisco, or LITTLE A
WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck avs.. Berkeley.
BEBIELBT BOOM! AJTP »QA«D.
FURNISHED room, with board. 1630 Woolsey
at., Lorln Station. South Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVEBT'STS
nxmrrAxx miAt bitatb.
M. C. GIBSON.
$1000— $13 per month. $250 down: large 5-
room cottage, close to station; this Is new and
strictly uo to date.
We have 3 or 4 lots left ¦ yet that w« will
buUd to suit and the payment win be only
9150 down.
Office op«n Sunday aU day. - Fhona Vale 2OO.
1326 Frultvale ave.. near Fourteenth st
LOT — 50-foot frontage on Fruitvale ave.; want
offer. Address owner. P. O. box 452. Frutt-
valo. Cal. -
OAKLAND ADVERTO'STTa
OFFICE, 1018 BROADWAY.
OASXJIKS BZAZi ESTATE.
PERPLEXING QUESTIONS.
WHEUE TO LTVET - .
What Is the answar?
What Is the answer? ,
PIEDMONT PDIDMONT PTEDMOHT
PIEDMONT Opposite* PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT the . PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT Oold-a , PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT Gate. ' PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT PIEDMONT PIEDMONTI
S3 minutes from 8. F. by Key Rout*.
Trains every 20 minutes.
A GREAT MANY WELL KNOWN 8. 1».
BUSINESS MEN ARE BUILDING
HOME3 IN PIEDMONT.
Oakland's most beautiful suburb. -
NQ TOO— NO WINDS— DRY. CLSAR AXX
Plenty of sunshine — Artistla homes.
STREETS I^AID OUT ON MOST M0DIRJ1
AND UP-TO-DATE LINES.
Shade trees on every street.
Take the "Key" Routs ferry to-day and g» t<t
Piedmont — Cafe at Piedmont Springs Park.
Office on Central Piedmont Tract always opea
> Sundays.
ALSO LOTS FOR SALE IN BERKSZ.TT.
OAKLAND AND ACREAGE IN ALA-
M ETD A CO.
i WFJTB FOR NEW CIRCULAR AJCT> MAPS.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
1212 BROADWAY. 14 8AN3OMX ST.
Oakland, Cal. / 8.. T. C*L
£5500— A FINE Investment property; close- to
! bustness center of Oakland, on ear Una aad
I near S. F. locals; pays over 14 per cent on
I Investment; 2 flats, about 4 months old. It
1 rooms and 2 baths; sonny side - of «tn»et:
modern In every respect; owner compaUed Ito
sell; hence will sacrlflc* for quick sals. THB
" MERRITT-WOLCOTT CO.. 933 Broadway.
FOR sale— Two n«tr nn-to-dat* buncalow *-
room houses: large lot w **nfc*™:,_^ p 7 .
cheap. Inquire on prsaslsee. 68S Thirtieth
. st. en 1OSS Broadway. Oakland. -
MODERN " 6-room nous* at '416 : East Twesty-
thlrd st: big barn, fruit trees; fine location:
lot 50x150: only $2500; small payment down.
A BARGAIN— Modern well-built 7-rooa bouM,
nearly new. at 673 Thrrty-stxtn street:
$3150: terms- ' ""¦¦?¦
'.-/. OAKXA2TD . 8TOB23 TO LZT. „
TO let— $23- store, corner Twenty-sixth st and
San Pablo ave.: fixtures, Uving-room. Ur<%
workshop and stable. Inquire opposite. 1027
San Pablo ava.
OAKXtAJTD BOOMS TO MT.
WANTED— A' reliable tenant for 3 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; adults. * 85SA Harrison
at.. Oakland.
jOAJ^AirojtH?5nH53LJ25J^S5u
TO-MORROW the day for bargains ; la fural-
V ture. H. iSchelhaas. 11th st.cor.stors.OsJUs.nd j
Continued on Pace Fourteen. .
..;¦.-. gTTBWTTTJBE FOR SAI.E.
ST5 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down. $1 50
per wt\k. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st
HENRY MAYEn w » highest. prices for fur-
. nlture. carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush S13
gXTBJUTDBB WANTED.
ABE LEVY. «.;
Salesrcom. 1135 Market st Tel. Jessie 76L
Ucn t sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate. .
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
, " aier » or will sell on commission. L. H.
• J _ B^- RP - *"¦"¦ lg36 Market: phcne Jessie 23aw. ;
>^ vw jretP WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK, German niyl^T^.7^?^77^7^??^5i
Cook, small boarding-bouse $25
3 cooks, German style : $30-$35
3 butlers, city X40-J45
2 servant girls $23
Cook on a ranch $3t>
Kitchen helper C5
Housework for 3erkeley *3<>
Cook for Alameda. no wash «(> ,
Nurse, child 3 years *2o
Parlormaid and waitress $21
Restaurant waitress $S
40 general housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20-S25-$3O. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st.
AT the National Employes* Record Co.
Stenographer, German and English dicta*
tlon and typewriter. $75.
Photo saleslady, salary $40 to $125.
Wrapper and assistant shipper, shoes, good
salary. - •'
3 skirt handu, $S to $12.
Printer's aaleslady, $8 to $20 week.
Glovo salesladies, $6 to $10.
Office open Saturday till S p. m. and Sun-
day till 3 p. m. .
v C09 HEARST BUILDING.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Masseuse for springs. $30.
A— WANTED— Girls t» learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taujrht from A to 2
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up: leading
school In West. 233 Geary st', room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now ror
fall season; both seapons taught from start
to finish in one month for $15; positions as
trir'-.rners. salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
f 10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled Im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdresslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. : six hours'
Practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st
A GOOD office girl. Ught work, small wages;
references; call Saturday, 1 to 3 p. m. 819
Market nt. room 63.
WANTED — Alteration hands on coats, suits
and skirts. R. D. DAVIS & CO.
CERTIFICATED TEACHERS for country
schools. 518 Parrott funding.
WETNURSE wanted with healthy baby 1 to 3
months old. 611 Polk st
WANTED at once — 100 girls to face dried
fruit at GUGOENHIME & CO.'S Packing-
house. Front and Filbert rts.
LADIES— We will teach the barber trade free
to six more ladles and pay them $10 each
for first S weeks; call or write. JNO. A.
MOLER'S Barber College (correct number),
644 Clay at
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators on
overalls, 'coats and Jumpers: steady work.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% Fremont st
Apply to Mr. Davis.
APPRENTICES to learn halrdresslng wanted!
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BKOS.'
AN experienced dry goods bundle wrapper
wanted. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED— A girl about 15 to do light house-
work and assist with child; $10. Address
box 3512. Call office.-
SEWERS — Ladies' waist tennis gowns; work
sent or car fare paid. H.~ FRIEDLANDER,
338 Fell st
WANTED — First - class Jacket alteration
hands. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
EXPERIENCED business woman for position
outside of city. Box 3409, Call office. •
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
••United States or Canada one year for $1. •
HELP WAJTTED— MAX.E.
AT THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' REC. CO.
Stenographer and asit bookkeeper. $40 fd.
. Bright -boy to deliver parcels and collect,
$17 SO to etsxt.
Al roan, studio, artistic ability, large salary.
Packer for label dept, strong young man,
$9 to start.
2 tinners, regular wag«s.
Entry clerk, dry goods, reference.
2 liquor salesmen. $100 to $150.
Janitor. $30 and board.
Boy. picture frame fitter.
2 florists, $10 to $17.
3 boys, electrical store.' $5 start
Salesman. stami» affixer.
Single hand miners, $3 day. steady.
Job printer and pressman, $2 50 day.
Stenographer, $15 and found.
Medical directory man. city and country,
permanent for competent man.
Candy helper, retail store:, $9.
Printers' salesman, $10 week and 5 per cent
Paper cutter, $8.
Cordial maker, $60 to start
Man. executive ability, $150 start. '
2 men take orders, merchant tailor, |12 and
7*4 per cent
Watch salesman. $00 to start.
Laborer. $2 day. 3 weeks' Job.
'Placer miners, Alaska, 100 in party.
Young men. glove salesmen. $6 to $3.
Boys wanted dally, *4 to $6.
Coupon salesmen, $4 day.
Competent men. se)l bonds local banking
co. and gold mine stocks.
4 men to manage branch offices, $10 week
and 10 per cent; rapid increase to compe-
tent men.
Office open Saturday till 8 p. rn. and Sunday
till 3 p. m. 508 Hearst bid*.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
803 Marktt st. room 325. fifth floor.
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 0:30 p. m.
Clerical Help Furnished Free to Employers.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
Stenographer $15 week
Manager department store $25 week-
Bill and entry clerk... ..S15 week
Drug clerk ...$12 week
Checker $15 week
Tlnieke«per« .....$15 w«k
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Collector .....'. $15 week
Floor manager ;..:.. $18 week
Two shipping clerks $15 week
General offio* work. ....$15. week
Bank clerk (bond required) $23 week
Young man learn dentistry.... .... ..$10 week
800 Market st. room 325. fifth floor.
AT HORD & SMITH'S .
Contractors' agent*. . $>5 Third st.
Milker. $25 and fd.. 8 to 8 cows.
Amadcr County, fare $2 35, teamsters. $2.
Butte County, fare S3 70, laborers. $2.
Man for dye house, experienced. $15 to $20.
Man to spread bitumen, experienced, $3. -
Lumber pliers, north, $2 75 and $3.
AT INDEPENDENT
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
Phone James 5576. 612 Merchant et
Four good carpenters Job A months or longer.
20 laborers for n. R.. $2:- board. $4 60.
6 laborers for city, wages $2 25.
.10 laborers, company work, city.
4 butchers.
2 harness cleaners. ,
2 hostlers.
1 harness-maker, $3.
10 single hand miners. $3. 2 years' work.
MAN ' and wife, gentleman's place, country,
$60 and found: see party at our office this
morning; no children: nan must be good gar.,
dener and* run a gasoline engine. C. R.
HANSEN Ic CO.. 429 Bush st.
AMERICAN ' dairy foreman; $60 and found ; 2
butlers, $40 and $33 and found; blacksmith,
country,. $2 50 day; vegetable man, $8 week;
pot washer. $30. and ethers. J." F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento et. r - ? .-.-
A—HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r.'lt—
Chief cook. city. $100; second cook. $45.
AN experienced', cutter, of good appearance;
good salary to the right party; none but
ftm-class men need • apply. 8. N. . WOOD
& CO.. 740 Market st. „ '
Al CLOTHING salesman wanted. Apply S. N.
i * woo ° >v °°-» 740 Market st. : ." ,
CASHBOYS wanted. Apply, at 8. ¦ N. WOOD
& CO.'S. 740 Market st .
SUBMANAGER. also solicitors; Pacific Mutual
Life, 50S Montgomery 6t- : call \ mornings - at
rooms 31 -32.'. 7th 1 Boor; references ' required. ; ¦
WANTED — Seaman T and r ordinary "seaman.
• .THOS. MURRAY. : Shipping Agent 510 Davis
¦ street.. ."-. -. "... -¦ -\ -¦•:¦;..."¦' ;.
I. WILL teach you all about life Insurance and
now* t o feel 1 it : wi lte for terms and * appoint-
ment Box 3243, Call of flee. : : .>C- :"
ONE or two men to learn' a cood trade;, steady
i u-ork; no nlsrht or Sunday work; $25 security |
; - required. -Apply 212 First* st. ' ,',
raiPT^OYBESirT VrAITTEP— MAXS'-Con.
A miJile-igcd gentleman possessing tact busl-
ntes and executive ability solicits office rep-
resentation o: rwror.sible business . firm or
agency lor £cuthx*rn California; a resident of
Los Angeles, now in this city; Tiaquestlonuble
references. Address box 3412, CaU office.
AN experienced advertising writer and ad de-
partment manager, top-notcher from Mid--
die States, is in Frieeo to locate and desires
Position; salary reasonable to start Address
A. Stranger. C2C Geary st
CARETAKEK yourg man. handy with tool?,
wishes to car* for houses, hotel or instltu-
uon. whfre painting. par>*r-har.giog. plumb-
ing, locktmithinjc. etc.. need* to be dsne-;
country preferred. Box 3254. Call office.
a SOBER, Industrious young xaarrted man
wUhes position as clerk in vtore; has bad
four years' -experience In general merchan-
dise; can furnish good reference. 2095 How-
arq ct.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants sets of books to keep, opening and
closing hocks, experting accounts, etc. Box
2263. CaU ctftce.
1'LCMBEH. licensed and independent wants
work fr-om pr<i#rty owner by the day or
week: has ail necessary chop tools. Box 2&04.
Call office.
KXPERIENCED. successful specialty salesman
wants sole sales" right for high-grade ar-
ticle cr line for city and surroundlsg coun-
try. Box 3072. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man In laundry
,,'hott:) of country plant: SH years' experi-
ence with electric machinery; also 1 year
Srli.g; references. Box 267L Call office. ,
OOOD mechanic wishes work; epeclal operating
tabW. washstand and all kinds hospital \
furniture. Box 3530. Call office.
RELIABLE, competent man. handy in general
around place, understands horses wishes
work. 708 Minna st
CAPABLE young Swiss who had 3 years' ex-
perience in embroideries, laces, curtains and
white goods, desires position. Box 3422. Call.
DRAUGHTSMAN and machinist wishes posi-
tion to do either class cf work or both: wlll-
lng to go anywhere. Box 8406. Call office.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work
b aay .J c1oa: can <Jrlve ***¦ <*** *° r horses.
Box SS64. Call office.
STRONG young mar^ 20 years of age. wishes
position cf any kind in wholesale hous*;
best cf references. Box 3080. Call office.
GENTLEMAN well acquainted In wholesale
and retail liquor and m-lne business, wishes
to get position. Address box 3085. Call.
MAN and wife, experienced cooks, want poei-
ticns In hotel bo&rd'.sg-house or camp, city
or country. Addicts M. E. E.. box 3312. CaU.
A STRONG boy, handy with tools, would like
to team the carpenter trade; has had some
ixperience- Box 3217. CaU office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation to take
care cf hones, garden, drive and general
work. H. B-. 613 Montgomery «t
GERMAN, 42 years, married, wants light
work: handy at most anything; best of refer-
vncea. Box 2617. Call office.
WANTED — Situation In cigar store by young
.man IS years old; good character. Box 2670.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper <male. 36) is open
to an engagement; good references. BETA.
box 2875. Call office!
A RELIABLE man wants position as night
. watch mas; reference*. Address I. B.. 754
Folsotn fct. iffiiHgf
PLTTMBER; first-class; wages moderate: city
or outside of city. Box 3426. Call office.
V.' ANTED— Copying at home. Address box
2924, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to carry morning paper
route. 6. BULLOCK. 637 Webster st
WANTED — A ret of books to keep erenlngs.
Box 3109. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation In the
country. Box S241, CaU office.
WANTED — Poeitlon as coUector or outside
salerrr.an: exp. ; good ref. Box 3238. Ca.Il. •
1, JAPANESE boy, wish work; city or coun-
try; good cook; good recommendations; verj
hor.est boy; wages $25 month. HITA, 2U8
Kearny rt.
JAPANESE young honest bey wishes to take
rare of garden or housework in a smaU fam-
ily; epeaks English. FRANK K. E.. 1225
Devip*d<re «rt. ; phone 6cott 543.
A JAPANESE boy wants situation as school-
boy or housexcrk. I. MARUYAMA, 1431'
Bcrh rt.. phone Hyde 171.
A JAPANESE, professional cock, wants Job:
good in family; city or country; wages $30
up. F. UCHIDA, 839 Sacramento st.
HONEST Japanese boy desires a position as
schoolboy or at housework in private family.
HIRAI. 744 Post St.; telephone Sutter 1731.
tlONEST Japanese wants a situation evening
and early morning to do any kind of work.
1835 O'FarreU st; telephone 1075.
A JAPANESE wants position at housework or
eehoclboy in the country. Address K. USHI.
121 Halght st
A JAPANESE bey wants any kind of work.
- housework or porter, morning or afternoon
Address SUZUKI,' 1431 Bosh st;tel.Hyde 17L
A JAPANESE wants a position aa cook or por-
ter. KARA. 607 Ninth st. Oakland.
nsAxcxAJ^.
PTJtST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS,
. B sewed by th» best of Income badness prop-
erty under Ions' riuaotMd lease; quarterly
interest
Send tor Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (OfC.)
-, 1172 Broadway. Cor. 14th St.
Oakland.
THX REALTY BTNDICATE.
Capital paid In... $4,600,000 00
' Surplus 040.901 M
.Xssoes
Six per oent
ZnTesUnent Certificatssi
At par.
O'Sce — No. 14 Sar.some street.
Can Francisco. Cai,
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents; stock
•old: stronr Eastern connections ; advice free.
Write A. r. HARASZTHY. C22 Crossley bldg
* jr&ATS TO IJgT.
A — BOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will nave you time and
- trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 345-58 Geary
et. on the square.
HXE flat 1810 Devlsadero et. near Bush— 7
rooms, reception, bath and laundry rooms;
¦¦ ' rent reasonable.
SIX tutor rooms and bath; $20. Corner of
Outnberlsnd and Dolores st
OAKL. I6-1S. near Clayton — New. C-room flats;
¦ SS and $26-
Ui'PnU flat of 7 rooms aad bath; rent (20.
Apply S54 Preclta ave.
UPPER fiat: 7 rooms. 170S Fell St.: key
¦ ! lower fiat.
UPPER flat cf 7 rooms a.nd bath; modern
272S Mlsrton st. between 23d and 21th.
FINE sunny flat; grand marine view- 6 rooms
and bath. Southeast ccr. Broadway and Jones.
A NEW frroom-sunny. tinted Cat 2C32 Pest
rt.; rent reascnable.
CENTRAL, modem flat; 6 rooms, bath. 1030
Sacramento «t. above Powell.
LARGEST list of bouses and flats to let. Call
<n LYON A HOAG. 118 MonTg^merT^
t32 CO— ELEGANT new 6-room flat 1 block
north of Market 10S Noe St.. near 15th/
AN elegant, newly furnished flat 8 rooms and
•bath: sunny all day; must be. sold lmm<- ;
diat^ly: owner unexpectedly called East-
terras r*as. • Mr. Pomeroy. 702 Market st.r.7.'
-A MODKRN. sunny, large 7-room upper flat,
twwly furnished » weeks ago. mostly from
- sieriiriK'*: obliired to go East. 817 Jcne* st
near Busb: call t> to 4. - **-
. rOR »*i* — A snap; - C romni ¦ conir>letely - fur-
».- nished: caU 1 to tf p. a.; room. to rent; rent
' r <>*• 21»H Tehama tt. : ¦. ,
* $i7S — FurnUh«J cunnr corner Cat; ¦ 7 room s-
V rent $45; c»U after 10 a. m. . 721 Franklin st
rURNISHED nat of « rooms for sale; reavon-
j,— aide. '-442 Fulton st
HEAL ESTATE— CTTT—gOK SAIJ.
SAGE. DEALEY & CO.. _, ,
638 Market St.. opp. Palace HotsL
AUCTION
, AUCTION
' AUCTION __
At our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon. TBurs-
day. Oct. 27. 1904. „
DOWN-TOWN BUSINESS SITE.
No. 313 Stockton st. north of Post; lot
20:1^x60 ft; Improvements thereon a 3-story
building, consisting of store and 2 lofts, with
basement: will lease for about $250 per mo.
MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 538-540 Noe St.. north of 13th: Im-
provements consist of 2 modern flats, contain-
ing 5-6 rooms, porcelain bath, gas Krates,
wooden mantels and tiled sinks; rent $47 60;
built 6 months; mortgage $1SGO.
: WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
.'No. -2758 Filbert st. east of Baker; im-
provements consist of a modern residence, con-
taining 7 rooms and porcelain bath, unfinished
attic and one finished room In basement; lot
25x107 ft. irregular; rented for $40 per mo.
RESIDENCE SITES.
. SE. line of Park Hill ave.. 155 ft NE of
Tllden st.. 55x112 ft; property situated in
the Park Hill Homestead Association; com-
manding an unsurpassed view of the entire
city; the most desirable location for a rest-
dence; in the. vicinity of Buena . Vista Park.
POTRERO COTTAGES AND BUILDINO
LOTS.
. * NO. 1.
No. * 1101 Rhode Island st. north of 23d; lot
25x110 ft: Improvements consist of a modern
cottage, containing 8 rooms and bath; modern
plumbing; permanently rented for $20 per mo.
, NO* 2.
. No. 1101 De Haro st; improvements consist
of a modern cottage containing 5 rooms, large
stable to accommodate 3 horses, fine well.
water tank and windmill; lot 25x100 tt; rent-
ed for $12 per month.
NO. 8.
Building lot on the east line of DeHaro st.
408 ft north of 23d; lot 25x100 ft
NO. 4.
East line of Rhode Island st - 408 ft north
of 23d st. 25x100 ft; to be sold as par dia-
gram.
FIRST- ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 814 First st.. south, of Folsom; lot 20x
72 ft; improvements consist of a 2-stc*?
building and large basement used as a ma-
chine shop; rented for $50 per mo.
MISSION FLATS. •
Nos. 54-56-53 Sharon st. north of 16th.;
lot 25x125 ft: improvements «onsist of 8 hew
fiats of 6 rooms and porcelain bath each; rents
$72 50 per mo.; mortgage $2000; built about
one year. - -
FIRST- ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 358-S59H-361 First st. NW. of Har-
rison; lot 45:6x68:9 ft; Improvements consist
of frame dwellings, cottage and- 2 flats; rent
$46 per mo. v- . .<.
MASON ST.
No. 1315 Mason St.. north of Jackson; lot
62:9x137:6; Improvements consist of a S-story
brick building, with flat and large stable la
rear.
«. BUSINESS CORNER.
Nos. 2S33-85-37-39 Laguna st. and 1901-5-7
Union, being the SW. cor. of Union and La-
guna; lot 30x100 ft; Improvements consist of
2 stores and 6 fiats: total rents 3167 per mo.;
concrete sidewalk, street bltuminized. build-
ing having been erected 3 years.
LOMBARD-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 2556 to 2574 Lombard st. west of De.
vlsadero st; lot 80x137:6 ft; improvements
consist of 8 new, modern flats, containing
4-5 rooms, porcelain baths, shingled fronts;
rents $146 50; beautiful grass lawn around the
entire building. :
THIRD- ST. PROPERTY.
No. 840 Third «t. NW. of Harrison: lot 25x '
80 ft; improvements consist of a 3- story frame
building, consisting of ' store and rooming-
house above, containing 14 rooms; rents $S8 60
per month; new, modern plumbing throughout
the entire building.
SAGE DEALEY & CO..
- 638 Market st. opp. Palace Hotel.
ONLY A' FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
* " NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a . billiard table; on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from the
Misslon-st. electric cars; secure one as an
'investment apd by the time it is paid tor It
' will have doubled in value the way prices
have advanced during the past year; buy
now before prices become prohibitive in this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery st. r. 8. Phone Main 8704.
GET In now; bottom prices; Corbin station.
West Berkeley, to be made terminus West
Berkeley local; cheap lots; trains every half
'hour; $3 per- mo. commutation tickets. 5o
'each way; 50 minutes, from Ban' Francisco;
only $5 per mo. upon each lot; buy a lot In
Home Park Tract:. double your money; sta-
tion on ground, surrounded by residences &
factories.. J. W. LAYMANCE. 632 Market
¦ r. 10. or agent on ground. 10 to 5 p. m.
$3000 — 9-room house. T773 I Twenty-third st ;
- this is a forced sale and will not refuse a
fair offer; could be made into flats w»»h »
very little expense; will loan $2000 on this.
P. COFFIN, 2528 Mission st. near 21st
FOR sale — 8 colonial houses. 6 rooms, bath
and basement; . beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny; E. side of Tenth ave.. near
I st. Sunset Hellett A- Gee. on premises. ,
NEW colonial houses, containing 2 flats of S
rooms, reception hall; rents $46; $5500; easy
payments. B st. bet 3d and 4th aves.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
- BACH A MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
WAPA CITY BBAIi ESTATE.
STOP PAYING RENT!
OWN YOUR OWN HOME.
PUBLIC AUCTION. '
AGRICULTURAL PARK TRACT. *
NAPA CITY. CAL..
8ATURDAT. OCTOBER 22. 1904.
800- CHOICE. LEVEL. LARGE LOTS— —300
Adjoining City of Napa. on proposed line of
VALLEJO. BENICIA AND NAPA VALLEY
ELECTRIC LINE.
Now Being Constructed. f'
¦ Terms — One-half Caih v*f Lot — Balance 6
and 12 months. Interest - on deferred pay-
ments. 6 per cent per annum; 10 per oent dis-
count for cash on deferred payment
GOOD LUNCH SERVED FREE ON DAT
OF SALE. ' •
AGRICULTURAL PARK TRACT CO..
Owner*.
•ED. R. SMITH. Auctioneer.
BE i INDEPENDENT! . ' -.
¦ * ¦ - BUY FOR INVESTMENT.
HAYWAJaDS BEAIt ESTATE.
H AYWARDS PROPERTY] r *~
5 H acres, with 5-room house, barn; numerous
chicken houses and yards, separately fenced;
• 2 brooder houses; about 350 fullblood White
Leghorn chickens, cow. horse and buggy:
• fruit, berries, etc.; 2 miles from town; only
$3500. ¦¦ , --
8 1-12 acres, adjoining city limits; 6 acres In
fruit; nn other Improvements; facing two
streets; price $3300.
13 acres, with small house, barn, chicken
houses, well and pump; abundance of wood
and. water: near town; $3600.
15.85 acres, in city limits; small house, barn,
. spring ¦ water piped to house; one-third tn
fruit and vines; $5750. -
P. WILBERT.
Castro, near 'B street.
Haywards. Cal.
¦ -^ BAJT MATEO REAL ESTATE.
LOM1TA PARK — On line of San Mateo electrto
cars. 45 mlnut«s from Fifth and Market sts.;
outside the fog belt and Just beyond where
the 8. P. Co.'« bay shore "cutoff" will Join
the main line; 50-foot lots from $U)0 up;
terms only $1T> down and $10 a month; sewer
.'and water pipes In. front of every lot; pure
artesian ~ well -water; 175 lots sold since
August 1 : an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure n lot In this desirable section; take the
electric * cars and get off at J 'LOMITA
: PARK" and - investigate; - maps sent on ap-
pllcatton. -e^*9sraHJjsMhanuM>ajssa(MBjkr*rf!
&ELBY. R0DGER9 & CO.,
Tel. ¦ Main 673. 118 California st.
. MII.T, . VAiliJrx" ', «¦"•*. : "-,~ "* * — — .
$30C — BIG lots;. a stone's -throw from the sta-
tion; on graded streets ;> water mains laid on
I. all streets; thousands of dollars have been
I . -scent on improvements; the best and cheap-
est lots in the Stats for the money; only $30
I •* cash, balance -. $10 monthly: an tdeal place
I for a home; send for maps.'
.' '¦¦-• '¦¦¦'¦" LYON.A HOAG,
;- '•' ¦¦-' ¦¦' " - - "**- ¦ - ~ '• '"-¦¦' 116 ¦ Montgomery at
; ; boss \ •vajj.jtz ¦ beat. ¦ zstats.
NEW .' subdivision ", tn Ross: Valley; ; 5 * minutes
from Roes station r only 25 beautiful lota on
<•••¦¦. Lagunltas ;' road In the heart of the • valley
surrounded by ¦ elegant residences; full view
'Of the mountains: lots $750 each: prices will
'.be- double next - spring for ' land in - this
.-; vicinity; now. Is the time to buy. i CROKER
. A. CO., : sole agents.- San Anselmo station.
-. Office open Sundays, with rig, rain or shine.'
/•' ..%-.-' TIXBEB-XtA.irSS.
FORSALE.* -:.*:'. " : ;'. /. ~"
' »;5000 acres best timber land In Northern Cali-
fornia;' will- average, 35.000 feet per acre; K
redwood .and U fir. For full particulars sea
J. W. JAQUITH.
. 1312 -Market 'St.. '
-,',. Rooms, 418.418/. _¦¦ Phcne Folsom 3468.
BAgQH TO I.EASE.
TO rent— 21-a ere fruit ranch, near Santa Rosa;
' ; $250 rent per.' year; ¦ complete ' set of . faraios; :
¦ '- tools :< also, hcrse and wagon, 1 cow. Apply
: 630 " Sacramento - st , ' San " Francisco. " *
: horses Airp^wAboBra.
FIXE river boticm pasturage-; green feed year, ,
round; near "Black Diamond, Contra'.' Costa
'\ County/ Nucleus "Stables. 100 Stevenson, S.F.
FINE, stylish park buggy; pole and shafts; a
. bargain. ; 426 Ninth , st. ;-; './.----..-:-• ' j,
NEW ' and second-hand ' buggies, surreys and -
.wagons. 100 Golden Gate ave. »
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
•wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission St.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, " wagons '. and harness
-• every Wednesday at 11 a.' ; m. 327 , Sixth st
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
¦ ; nesw. -, work & driving horses. , lath-Valencia.
HQTJSE3 TO
A — PRUMTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
- cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery
BROADWAY, r : 1932. ' near Laguna — 8 "rooms,
;¦ bath; marine view; rent $42 50.-
HOT/SES rUBITISHEP— TOB 8 ATjII.
FOR sale-^- Finely furnished house 0 rooms:
¦ rent reasonable,: pays well. 27 Laskle st. oe-
tween Eighth and Ninth, off Mission. - -
; I1TYAMD CHAIK3.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eamea tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt;tel.Park 775.
LOST ASP rOPHD.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of ¦ San Frantisco in the
name of GEORG GOESCHL, No. 252-960.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— October 16, in> Ttvoll. a lady's gold
• watch, chain and charm; $5 reward on re-
turn MISS MACNEIL, 36 Glen Park ave.. off
j Twelfth et, between Mission and Howard."
$10 REWARD for return of bitch puppy, four
months old, named Toy; grayish curly coat I
60ft; black nose; resembles Eskimo; heavy I
limbs; no collar. Return 711 Pine st. i
LOST — Please return white female fox-terrier:
yellow ears, spot on side; boy's pet; reward.
Ill Guerrero st. : ' ¦ ' -- .¦ ¦
LOST — Sunday, Oct. 16, gold bar pin, garnet in
center; partly surrounded Dy turquols; re-
' ward. 132 Sanchez st.
LOST — A return ticket over Santa Fe, from S.
F. to Kansas City, signed MRS. J. D. HOL-
LO WELL. Return 130 EUls st; reward.
LOST — On Clayton st. opera bag:; reward. Re-
turn to 1532 Waller st
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Belling your old gold and stiver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made Into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter st '
tATOCHES rOB HIBZ.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay,
st; for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaelis Launch Co., Unlon-st Wharf ; boat-
ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st ; tel. John 2636.
MEJICAI..
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures: no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market st, rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In \ trouble, confide in me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
- these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON, Office 305 KEARNY ST. \
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities ; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008 H Market st. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. CDONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office.- 1018 Market st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 611A Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Fairell. , -'
LADIES— Kumteund: -sate," sure. "_ never -fails;
$2." G!eason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny A Clay.*
DR. ROSEN, residence 29S5 Fplsom St. corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MATTBgSSES^ AHD PILLOWa.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard it. ; phone Bouth 216.
'¦_ mutes axtp aairrjro.
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO. Crossley bldg.
MISCELLANEOUS — rOB SALE, j
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., . bought sold,
rented and exchanged ; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH &WOLPMAN. 195:197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? • '¦' • -.- .-.-¦• "- ¦
Repair It with elaterite, In rolls easy to lay:
needs no -painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
FOR sale— New and . second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent -tables
with rrlvilfrge of buying; modern bar fixtures; :
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK- BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 652 Mission st
AN . elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st
A— BUYS, sells or. rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting,' pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
weddlns rings for sale by the PORTLAND
,. JEWELRY CO., 25 Stockton sf
OSTRICH plumes at manufacturers' prices;
this week only. Fleur de.Lla Millinery. 684
McAllister «t. ...... - ¦¦ ' -.-¦¦;
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J.' COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel). I
TRY our' men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes . at ' $2 50; we pay express
chargft. 11 3d st.Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont,
gomery St., room 12, upstairs. . v
FOR «ale — Galvanic battery: very little us:d.
v:C6 [ Angelica Bt.'off Nineteenth.
Wallpaper. . 3%c; paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-'
; enlng. Merlgan. l.iCg Webster: tel.Steiner :«m
500,000 FEET lumber, being wrecked, for sale
cheap. Phone Capp 3005.
FOR sale — St." .; Bernard ' dog, 1 1 . months old.
, ANTONE; DA VILLA. Alvarado. Col..
F<"1R sale — ' Fresh -family cow, cheap. '322
''Munich «t. , . , ¦
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
: hand. I. FRJEEMAN, 1325 Market st. ; :
REGI8TKHEIV pedigreed ccllle bitciTand pupa
• , for sale cheap. 374 Preclta ave,." nr; Harrison
BARGAINS In i'd-hand- cash registers. Includ-
ing; Nationals. ;; guaranteed: : terms. 14 ;Turk st.
2D-HAND;bldg. "material; lumber, door, imsn
,. plumb., material.; The DolanCo.,' 1607 Mrkt.'
FULL line : of: drummers'* samples In grips and
trunks; ; for [ sale ¦ clfeap . at 25 Stockton -, st. -
1 AN- elegant ."sealskin 'for f<ale for - $75. .. SE-
-..¦•; CUKITY LOAN, & TRUST CO.. , 21 Stockton.-
ELEGANT 'diamond ' ring. $50: " terms $3 per
month. " P.f V. ; GARIN. . 133 ¦ Montgomery i st.
SLOT. raachtnec; all kinds: -lowest prices Call or
;¦ write . CAL. MACHINE CO . 413 Sacramento.
ROOMS , papered., $4 up; . tinting, painting.
.^Hartmann Paint Co.;:S10iThlrd: tel. Main 413. '•
DESKS '! ¦¦' bought* told - and j exchanged. ;.¦ T.'; 1).
•¦ ,: McCarthy Co.. ' 807 Mission st:* tel.: South sn;;
FOR' sale-^Flrst -class . new bricks.' Apply DR.
;;C.JC:;O'DONNELL. 1021^ ¦ Market ; st f ¦¦
! MOVINO pictures. s maglo lanterns, sale.: renul;
: , bargains. ' Bullard , & Breck.\131 . Post ) st *>£&
SAFES — New t and >; second-hand. •» THE,; HER-'
MANN.^ SAFK. CO.. .307 r Battery- st>,
GASOLINE engines.' automobiles* and launches;
vail E.-^DOAK. <4fi: Fremont >t..
•; . ; ;V;*^Misds]a^gEOPslwA»T8..:v.;^ ; ;;-
AAA- Highest prices ' for ladles,* gents'; castoff
U- : clothing, i Tel.f Davis ; 825. ; U50 Sacramento * sf
A A— BUY any. amount good 2d-hand ladles 1 ¦ A
?'„ men's clothes.li »22 : Folsom; tel.i. Folsom* 3522. ¦
DIAMONDS 1 and ; precious H stones bought' for
casb.^5 KARL ¦ EBERT& - CO.T'i room ': 403,^ Ad-
i^ r ams;bldg.,;20C'Keaniy it* phone ; Black ,30363
Levy ¦ & l Redler,*; highest price for gentsV cast-off
?:;, clothing, shoes:; tel.- Red' 1544.". 615 Washington
.TILTON i wants i good • second-hand I clothing and
.: theatrical; goods.' : 154 , 8th, st ; tel: Jessie gSBl.-
KNirE OR ft HIE NUT SET-F^F^EE: WITH WANT ADVERTISEMENTSContinued From Page 15.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
GAS AND EX.ECTRIC. ,
Cent Z. & P. 3\i 3%|S F G & E. 57 67%
Mutual B L. — 12 |Stkn O & E. — 6%
Pac L Co... 00 60VSIU O & E Co. - —
A INSURANCE. '"."-;
Flrera'i Fnd. — 340 |
x BANK STOCKS. "
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 |L P & A.... 160 —
Anglo-Cal .. 85^4 90 (Mer Trust.... — 235
Bank of Cal.423%430 Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. —.150 IS F Natlonl. — —
First NationI — — | . -~.
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & 1*2330 — Sav.A L So.. — 100
Hum S & L. — — * Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.; — —
S F Sav U. 615 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California.. — 109 I Presidio ....; 88 40
POWDER. .
Giant .62% — |Vlgorlt ..... — 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 67 — MakawcU C. 28% 28%
HonoUaa S C 14% 15% Onomea S C. — 29%
Hutch S P C 9% 10V4 Paauhau S C. 14% 15*5
Kllauea S C. 3 — |
- MISCELLANEOUS.'
Alaska PA. 106 106% Oceanic S Co. 8% 4 -.
Cal F CA. 09 100 Pao Aux FA. 4% — ¦
Cal Wine A. 80% 82 Pac C Borx.156 . 157%
MV& MtTm. — 105 I Pac S Tel Co. 113 114
-SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — . . - ¦
25 Alaska Packers' Association... 106 50!
75 Alaska . Packers' Association... 105 BO
130 Alaska Packers' Association... 105 00
SI Alaska Packers' Association:.. 106 00
: 10 Alaska 'Packers'. Association... 106 25
25 S F Gas & Electric...;. .:..".; 57 50
$1,000 Sacramento El Gas & Ry 5s.". 101 00
$2,000 S.F &. S J V 5 per cent. .....118 02%.
1 "Afternoon Session. .
Board—- ¦¦ - .
75 Alaska - Packers' Association. . .106 00
5 Alaska Packers' Association. . .100 25
v; 25 Makaweli ..28 TO.
' 100 Oceanic S S Co V...V.V.V...: .. 3 75
150 Pacific States Tel & Tel Co. ..113 00
15 8 F Gas & Electric. ....".... V.." 67 CO
H Spring Valley Water Co...... 39 75
$1,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C.T 5s.. 81 00
¦••- ' =--¦:' ' .Street — ;-_• -,- ¦ ¦ • -. 1 • •: , '• .
$29,000 Sacramento El Gas & Ry 5s.. 101 00
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) .... 101 00
Unlisted Securities.;
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. :¦' ':...¦ ' Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — '103 S;P C R 4s. 98 102%
B-Lf-Wat'6a.U3-.-115% S P<Co'4%s.l01%102 ;
Cal-NW, 5S..112.' — Sun Tel, 6s.. .113 — ;
MC Wat 58.100 — Do 5s,:.". ..104 — .
Rl8 H IWks5s — 105 Suttr-st RSs.104 —
SFDfdk 53.112 — ' UR of SF 4s. 84% —
SF & NP 5S.112 ¦•• —
r r MISCELLANEOUS
Ala.S Co... — 27 iLon^fc SF Bk. — 60
Amer.Bis Co— : M0- Mat Nav Co. CO —
Cal i Cot Mils 80 /. — Nev Nat i Bk.195 - —
Cal G&ECor.'48 "50 N S ! R R Co. »U — »
C Jockey Cl. — 112% N Cal » P Co. -'¦ 9% 10
Cal Po-nrder.130 145 Oak Bk -,<- ' — '-¦¦
"Cal'Shlp Co.— 21 Oak TiCon.V : 75 i '¦''—¦!"
Cal T I & T. .— 155 IOOF-; Hall A v 0% —
Cen:Bkf-Oak — ' 75 ' Orpheum, Co.'' — . . 15%
Chutes Co ¦;¦,";' 5% v - 6% PacC Cas Co.125 —
City,& 'CBk — 120 •. Pac- Sur ; .Co.l05 —
Cyp'L lmp..._-, ¦ 6% Paraf Paint.. 39 —
East^Dynm..* — '375^ S FDrydock."' — • 65 - ,
DptPwd '.: pfd — 85 SF&SJ • Coal." 17% ¦ 20 ,
*x Do com .-. ." 38 — '.- s ' J=.Wat ' Co.103% — ¦ ,-
FN.-Bk.-Oak.120 — SO & MTgbt.125 ¦<¦¦— ;
Fischer >'Thtr 20c-— Swis«-A-Bk..ll5 /—
! Frnch-A Bk.107 - 115.' Truck Elect-nll'^ —^
1 Gas Con -A. 18% 20 - UR InC-pfd." 61% — .
¦ Hono P/Co.'. — ; . 27 'Do com-. .: 12%' —
: . .'— : 27 ,
:f'.*"-^7;SALES.'y/'.\ : ¦
' ' ;,'AXternoon : - Session.
' * United :R~R;inv Co pfd.'.."....'. 61 50
1 ¦¦'. 100 ¦• unl ted ! R ' R ¦ Inv; Co pfd rrrmrrf 61 ; B2 %!
- , ioounitedmiRiinv/co pfdrrrrrH^teimSI
IsHwaxQPK nil en il'iMl 1 MF>iwfcM__an_h^_aa_B*ii_B~8
TO^t?fsTwM
John A. Whelan Company (owners) with C
Christensen (contractor), architect John - A-
Whelan^ — AH work for a two-story and basement
dwelling on lot on N line of Francisco street.
91 E of Hyde. E 46 by N 137:6; $5940
James Kennedy (owner) with Fred Miller
(contractor), architect T. P. Ross— All work
for a two-story and basement frame building
on N line of Lily avenue. 62:6 Et of Buchanan
street. E 25 by N; 40; $3505.
Builders' Contracts.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Arabic,
for Liverpool.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr O C
Lindauer, for San Francisco: schr Sailor Boy
for San Francisco; schr Henry Wilson, for
San Francisco: stmr Santa Monica, for San
Pedro; stmr Newburg. for San Francisco; etmr
Bee. for San Francisco.
E^L^^o^-^r oct ¦*-** M * ry
OCEAN STEAMERS.
r-_,' v Friday. Oct. 21.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, Grays Harbor
Stmr Meteor. Oollghtley, .
- Stmr Navarro, Jacobs. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen, Mukilteo.
Fr ship Duchesse de Berry, De Kermoal.
Qucenstown. -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAILED.
ARRIVEX*.
_ Friday, Oct. 23.
Stmr Maggie. Eagles. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
IiATE SHIPPING INTELXJGENCE.
FRIDAY, OCT. 21.
Lillian M. Townsend to Metropolitan Invest
ment Company, lot on • N line of McAllister
street. 187:6 E of Polk. E 30 by N 120; $1500.
Andrea and Romllda C Sbarboro to Romilda,
A. Sbarboro, : lot on E line of Van Ness ave
nue. 83:8 S of Green street. S 38:7 by E 68;
E. O. Demlng to Clara J. Demlng, undivided
one-half of -lot on W line of Polk street. 63-10U
N of Clay. N 63:10% by W 123:6. and all
Interest; rift. .
Ellen Stenson . to John Hlggins, lot on S
line of Fell street,. 133 E of Buchanan, E 30
by S 120; «1O.
Estate of Robert J. Stenson (by Robert P.
Kavanagh, executor) to same, same; $0050.
Isaac Anderson to Lillian L. Apple, lot on
N line of Union street. 36:6 E of Webster,
E 26 by N 100; $10.
Frederick W. Meussdorffer to Caroline C.
Martin, lot on K line of Fillmore street. 2t
S of Waller, S 24 by E 81:3; $10.
, Kate H.Dewey to California Woman's Hos
pital, lot on R line of Clay street, 110 E of
Lyon, E 27:6 by S 127:8%: *10.
George C. and Annie J. Boardman to Fred
erick M. Volgt, lot on 8 line of Sacramento
street. 106:3 E of Lyon, _" 60 by 8 137:6; $10.
Clarence W. and Charlotte E.- Avers to Jacob
J. - Rauer, ' lot on W line of Ashbury street.
92:3 S of Waller, S 25 by W 186:3: $8000.
Charles and Minna Kirch to Annie Powers,
lot ; on W line of Tremont avenue, 175 S of
Waller," S 45 by:W 80; $10. 1 -
'¦' John and Annie O'Mara to Edward J." Lynch,
lot on S line of Columbia (Cumberland) street,
155 E of Sancjjez. E 50 by S 114; $10.
Edward J. Lynch to John and Annie O'Mara,
same: $10.
John S. and Mary Devany -to Christian and
Freda Bauer,' lot on E line of - Hardy street,
261 N of Seventeenth. N 25 by E 75: $10. -
Sarah . and Martin F. Fragley to Hattle G.
Mann, lot' on E line of Castro street, 124 N of
Nineteenth. N 25 by.E 125; $10.
C. * M. - Mann to same, same; gift.
- Realty * Improvement - Company to ' Almee H.
Auger, lot on E line of Devlsadero street, 242:6
S of Duboce - avenue (Thirteenth street), - E
80.033." S 35, W. 81. N 35; $10. -
Same to Matthew and Madeline . E. McCur
rle ; lot : on W line of Devlsadero street, ISO
S of Duboce avenue, S 3, W- 112.37, NW 3.01,
E 112.62; $10. '-'•
¦ Anna : Everts ¦' and Eunice D. and . Washing
ton Ma rron to Clara Staffler, lot on»W lino
of ( Hampshire ; street,' 182 N of Twenty-fourth,
N 26 by W 100: $10."
: Mary "A: .Arnold to Timothy J.' Crowley. lot
on E line of Harrison street. 300 S of Twenty
fifth. 8 44 by E 100; $10. ••¦"-;.-- -
.. Patrick ' F. and Mary F. Ward and Patrick
McDonough to Patrick J. Delaney, lot 'on W
line of Sanchea ' street. 30 N of Jersey, N 56
by W 101:9r $10.
i ¦'¦ Nathan A. ' or N. . A. and Henrietta Gosllner
to • Richard P."' Burns." lot on N.llne of Pacific
street -97:6 W-of ¦ Sansome." W 41 .by N;«S:9;
$10.'^.! , -'V ' .'. - - -.' v. ' :.'¦-¦'¦ ' : .:¦:
Lulgi and Agnes Nunzlato to Oliver B. Mar
tin, V lot . on v NE. ¦ corner ' of - : Jackson • and : Mont
gomery street: N 60 by E 60; $10.f|w_gWBP<l
¦ - Estate * of :'# hn - Martin ; (minor). _• by Annie
Martin.' guartan. 'to Morris Simonoff. sail .In
terest in lot on SE corner of Twenty-third a»d
Vermont streeU, S 400 by E 200; $185. -
- Andrew- 3.;- Mary ; E.. -'Annie. Mary. M; or
Mary J.'- and Susan i C. < Martin ; to • same, un- •
divided 107-108 of .' lot on ' SE j corner ' of Twen
ty-third and Vermont streets. S 400 by;E 200;
$10.^ r ,. ; -' -,¦ :¦¦¦ ;¦ '•" :• -* ¦'; ,'.*.-/ '-.¦=--¦••.:¦¦: ¦'
"r Morris and ". Emma fllmlnoff ; to > California
Title x Insurance » and i Trust Company, all of
same; $10. ; . ; ' ' ¦¦' . • -¦- •¦¦ - .
:John C.jBrickel to Jacob Heyman Company,
lot on' W line of Twenty-sixth avenue. • 150 S
of ¦- West i Clay : street. * S ; 60 by ; W.vl20; ; $10. : \
Fernando and Julia A: Nelson to Henry, and
Emma Leech," lot on 'W line of Second avenue
10O • S ; of • B street. : 8 ! 25 , by :- W 120: $10. • '
v- Max W.' 1 Zuckerman l to Murray 5 Fj •- Vandall,
lot '¦ on 'W: line: o f Forty-first- avenue, C 150 8 of
.W, streets S; 23 by t W/ 120;. also lot: on E: line
of - Forty-eecond avenue.*. 225 1 S ¦ of : T ; street S
60 , by - E 120 : also lot on E ; line '< of , Brooklyn
place.-- 57 :6 - S . of -, Sacramento street." S 1 20 ; by '
E'07:6; $10. v
i* Peter C. T) Wolff { to Frank R; Smith • lot
on ? E ' !lne i of ¦ Naples , street."! 275 S i of . Persia.
S 1 25 J by - E 1 200. . lots i 2 ; and 7. ¦;¦ block .56 - Ex
celsior,* Homestead; > $10. >/ ,. •. ¦
V* Isaac ; and ; Mary 2 Comann I to : Ellen" M. - Bus- :
zini, ? lot on • E • line ; of Salinas - avenue, 85 W of
Crane « street.'^W 15 by N . 25. ; lot 1; ¦. block 5,
Garden Traet;t$10. /;* • ¦.•"^¦*; ' - .
- A/'H>;and "Emma'Rohlnng- 1 ; to Dorothea
Klomburg. • lot U2;« block f A,** Park >. Hill I Home
stead-Association 2;*; $10. '/: >>i „ , ' -
' «Ellen * Bird f to J. : and* Hetty. Allen"
lot; on ;&< line ofDanvers street.'!37 Not Eight-i:
eenth.ilNS33.*ES92.06.iS : 37.50, ,W: 78.18, lot
27,-i, block] B. '= Park ; Lane Tract; $1000, : • . .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 21. — Big "A's"
have been awarded to the following
of the Alameda High School:
Frank O'Brien, Jack Miller. Henry
Jackson, Francis Maslln, Alan Field,
Russell Searles, Joseph . Emmal, Al
bion Doe, Ralph Marx. Frank Jack
son, Byron Paul, Edmund Brush, Os
car Belcher, Lawrence Lynch, Rus
sel Baker and Chauncey James.
Honors for Athletes.
Stanford Meets Nevada While the
Berkeley Men Will Tackle
Oregon.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 21.
To-morrow afternoon on" the varsity
oval the Stanford footballists will line
up against the University of Nevada
team In the most important prelim
inary game of the season. The aggre
gation from Nevada is always a strong
one and puts up a good game of foot
ball. Last Saturday they defeated the
Olympic Club team with a score of 8
to 5. The lineup:
Stanford. Position. Nevada.
Clark i_ e. R. Knox
s Prott L,. t. R Steckle
Van Sickle L. G. R Chism
Mlsser Center Hamlln
Roosevelt R, G. L Wenke
Tomasinl R. T. L Hart
Stanford..- R. E. L Westall
Bansbach Quarterback Jones
Chalmers R. H. L Frissell
Dole L. H. R Hwrnan
Weller Fullback Kline
BERKELEY;, Oct 21.— The varsity
eleven will have Its second Important
game to-morrow before the big inter
collegiate match with Stanford on No
vember 12. Oregon will meet the var
sity cracks on the campus. The
Berkeley men who will play are:
Ends— Henry. Oliver. Howard and Elliott;
tackles. Heltmuller and Force; guards — Haffey,
Stern and Gray: center. Stroud; quarters Klt
trelle and Belknap: halves — Kern. Mead
White and Graves; fullbacks, Lasater and
Boy n ton. -
COLLEGE ELEVENS TO PLAY.
Several weeks ago. when it was
found necessary for the Tax . Collector
to make a final settlement with the
Treasurer, there was an apparent
shortage of about $12,000. Burke claim
ed the difference in accounts was due
to a clerical error in his books. His
bondsmen made good the amount,
pending an investigation of the records.
The bondsmen's experts and those of
the Grand Jury found no discrepancies
except as to a sum of money paid over
in tax collections.
SANTA BARBARA, - Oct. 21.— The
Grand Jury this evening filed its final
report in which County Tax Collector
Edmund M. Burke" Is charged with
"corrupt conduct in office." It further
states that a written accusation has
been filed against Burke with the Dis
trict Attorney, who has been instructed
to proceed against him on account of
an alleged shortage found in his ac
counts.
Mining; Stocks. "
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following .were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and. Exchange Board yesterday:
¦'. Morning Session — Comstocks,
600 Alpha . . ..... 18 100 Crown Point. . 10
. 600 Alta 05 100 Gould Sc Cur. 19
800 Andes ....... 26 100 Hale & Norc. 61
200 Belcher ..... 29 100 Hale & Norc. «0 ',
800 Belcher ..... 30 600 Julia i)6
100 Best & Belch. 1 20 600 Mexican ......1 20
100 Caledonia 41 100 Mexican 1 23
200 Challenge ...' 23 100 Ophlr 2 35
800 Chollar 20J 600 Sierra Nev 81
950 Con Cal & V.160I 400 Union Con.... 42
Afternoon Session— Comstocks.
! S00 Con Imperial. 021 600 Seg Belcher... 08
400 Con Cal & V.I 40} 200 Sierra Nev 29
850 Crown Point.. . 10 200 Unloji Con.... 38
200 Hale & Norc: 60| 100 Yellow Jacket. 20
300 Mexican 1 15| ?
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. .
Bld.Ask.l ¦ Bld.Ask.
Alpha ....... 15 17|julla 06 08
Alta 00 071 Justice 06 OS
Andes 24 26|Kentuck 03 05
Belcher ..... 27 291 Lady Wash ..02 05
Best & Belch.l 15 1 25!Mexlcan 1 10 1 15
Bullion 20 22 occidental ... 74 75
Caledonia.... 40 4lioph!r 2 25 2 30
Challenge ... 20 22| Overman 14 15
Chollar ...... -18 19,p o tosl 12 14
Confidence ... 85 90 Scorpion 05 07
Con Cal & V.I 35 1 40 Savage ....... 28 30
Con Imperial. 01 02lSeg Belcher... 08 09
Con N Y 03 05| Sierra Nev.... 28 30
Crown Point.. 10 llisilver Hill.... 60 83
E. Sierra Nev 03 (X5|St. Louis .... 07 09
Etireka Con.. — 50' Syndicate .... 03 C5
Exchequer ... 46 49! Union Con.... 37 39
Gould & Cur. 18 WfUtah .-.. 09 10
Hale & Norc. 60 62| Yellow Jacket. 1» 21
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
, Morning Session. . *
100 Mont Ton..l 07%I2000 MacNamara .. 80
200 Ton Belmont.. C6|
Afternoon Session.
BOO MacNamara . 28| 200 Jumbo ... 49
300 Ton Belmont.. 68 100 Goldfleld 65
100 West End ... 18| 100 N Y Ton 10
CLOSING QUOTATION 8.
Tonopah.
Bld.Ask.l Bld.Ask.
Ton of Ner..9 75 10- 00 Rescue 10 11
Mont Ton ...1 05 2 00 Ray & O'Brien — 08
Ton Exten ..1 75 "— Paymaster ... 02 04
MacNamara . 28 2&! Little Ton .. 20 —
Ton Midway.. 38 40! Esperanza .... 01 02
Ton Belmont.. 66 70! Gold Anchor. . 20 —
Ton N Star... — 20!Qulncy 11 —
Ton Gold Mt. 16 1S[ N Y Ton .... — 10
Goldfield.
Sandstorm... — 251 Goldfleld Mhk. 19 —
Red Top — 16lJumbo 48 —
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
claco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
! 100 Goldfleld Mln 55| fiOO Mont Ton ..1 87*4*
! 150 Goldfleld Mln 54 40O Ton Belmont.. 67
400 Jumbo 48| COO Ton Belmont.. C8
700 Jumbo 4911000 Ton -Gold Mt. 17
3000 MacNamara . 301 700 Ton Midway.. 40
2000 MacNamara . 29j 500 Ton N Star... 20
800 MacNamara . 2811000 Ton N Star... v 19
Afternoon Session..
100 Cent Eureka. 1 30|5800 MacNamara . 23
300 Goldfleld Mln 54 100 Mont Ton ...195
1700 Jumbo . . 48 300 Rescue 11
800 Jumbo 4» 100 Ton Belmont. '. 67
700 MacNamara . 2711200 Ton Midway.. 3ft
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
V . \* Bld.Ask I Bld.Ask.
Adams ...... — lOjMont Ton.l 92% 1 97»*
Black Ants .. — 10JN Y Ton .... — o5
Black Butte.. 25 — J Paymaster ... 02 03
Booth M Co. 10 — I Pine Grove ...11
Diamondfleld. BO' ' — IQulncy ........ 11 _i-
Esperanza ... 01 02|Ray Exten ..— 08
Gold Anchor. 14 — Ray & O'Brien ¦ 00 10
OoMfield RBI — 20lRay Ton — 14
Goldfleld B&B — 14^Red Top ..... 15 lfl
Goldfleld Dmd ' — 20| Rescue " 10 11
OoTflfipId Mln 64 —| Sandstorm ... 20 —
OolrifleM PPk — 'lRTon Belmont.. 67 «S
'Goldfleld Ton. 11 — |Ton & Cal.... 20
Gold Mt Con. — 02iTon "Exten ..2 0O
Hazel Kirk .. — 12! Ton ft "Gt IV. 01 02
Jim Butler .. — 59! Ton Gold Mt. 18
Jumbo 49 — Ton Midway.. 39
Jumbo Ex .. — 21 Ton 'of Nev.9 75 9 S7*4
Little Ton . . 20 — Ton N Star. . . •>()
Lucky Tom.. — 10 TTtopla 10
MacNamara .27 — West End .... 10
Keport Made on the Twelve
Thousand Dollar Discrep
ancy He Said Was Errors
WILL BE tEOSECUTED
Tcox tk)llector'E. M. Burke of
Santa Barbara County Is
Accused by Grand Jury
HIS ACCOUNTS
FOUND SHORT
California Stock nnd Oil Exchange. .
Oil Stock— Bid. 'Asked-'
Apollo.......... ...........; 40
Associated Trust Cert........ 23 ....
California Standard .".'. 10 - 14 ¦
Chicago Crude 25 IJO
Four 66 ....•
Independence t .".....:.. '....;. 27 28
Kern River :.. '....'.... 11 CO 12 00
Monarch of Arizona ......... ;;..• -40
Monte Cristo ............... 64 » C5
Occidental of W. Va. ;.....;. 04 05
Oil City Petroleum............. 67 00 ....
Re^d Crude 1 60
Senator .....;......;........ 70 " -75'
Sovereign ...........-....;... N ... 34
Sterllns '...... j ............. 2 65
Toltec ....'.......... .. . 18
Twenty-eight .... 10 00
- Miscellaneous —
Northern Cal. Power.......'. 0 00 ....
Orpheum Company '. 12 00
Trucked EUctric ... .. ...... 11 00 11 50
' - SALES.'
Morning Session.
2842 Associated Oil ......:....... 23
50 Caribou.................. 8 00
COO Occidental ..;.'." ;v.".T .".¦;..;.:. 04
- Afternoon Session.
S274 Associated Oil 23
10 Twenty-eight Oil 10 00
THE SAN FRANC! SCO CALt, SATURDAY 1 , -OCTOBER, 22. 190 J. ¦
14
— — . - ... _.
s*^~f+*\ Train* !«¦-• »n«* »'• «tn«
nfi^Br SAN feancisco.
I* \^£it~7tj/ Jrmo * OcTOBlt!l * D04>
V^^fV Fkmt Dwot
\j/ (Toot of Market Stren »
!¦«»?« — MAIN LINE. — a««iTT
7 00a Vacavlll-. W Intern. Ruuosey- 7.S0»
7 COa BenlcIa,Elmlraand Sacramento.. 7.20*
7.30A Vallejo. Napa. Callstogn. SanU
Raea. Martinet. San Eamon 823»
1 30a Sties. Tracy. L*thron. Stockton ... 723*
8 OCA 6ha»i* Express — (Via P»»l»> ;
wnilam*. Wlllo-d, trnito. lt»<t
Blnff. Portland. Tscoma. Semite 7.50»
8 COa P»> if. Woo«!l»n«l. Knights Lnndins.
JUrynville, Oro»l»e. ....... ...... 7-50>
8.30a Port Costa. Martinez. Antloch.
Brron. Tracr. Stockton. New
?* man. Los lUnos. Me-dota,
Armons. Uanford. Vlaalla.
Porternile •••¦• *£Q»
8.30a port Costa. Modesto. 31 « reed,
Fresno. Gosnen Junction. Uaa-
__„ ford. Vlsalla. nakerafleld ...... «5aa>
8 30 a Mies, San Jose, Llrermore, Stock-
ton, (tMlltonl, lone, Sacramento, *
MaryiTllle. Chlca Red Blaft .... 4.20»
830a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamesto— n. So-
i>or«, Tnolumne and Angels 4 -20»
8 COa Atlantic Bxprest—Ogden *nd E»«. 5 23*
8.30a Klrhmond. Martinez and Way
Stations 853*
10 COa The Overland Limited — Ogden.
,«' -.," Omaha. Chicago, Uenver, Kansas
cur. sllouu .2 22*
1000a Vallejo 1220»
10.00a Los Ancrelei Paweoger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracr.
Latarop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Le— toore. Vlsalla.
i BakersOeUt. Los Angles 7.2C"
I 1?.C0m Hayward. Nlles and War SwtU>n§. 3.20*
ti-OOPBaeramentoKlver Steamer*. til.Oa*
ZZQP Bentcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Ivntehts Landln?.
MarysTlile. Otot111« and war
__„ stAtlona *2§2*
8 JPP Hayward. Kiles and War Stations.. 7 SOf»
4 OCp Martinez. »>n RKmon.Vallejo.Napa,
<«. CalUto-a, S»nta Itona. .ft5*
4 00*» Riles. Tracr. Btoclcton. Lodl 1020*
43CP aarward. Ntles. lrrla.toD, San) 13.50a
•"" Jose. Ltvennore ) tH.SOA
oCCPTho Owl Limfted— Newm»n, Lot
Banos, Meodoia. Fresno, Tular*,
Bakersaeld.LosAnRates 8.50*
t5 30l» Ilay ward. Nlles and >»n Josa 7.20a '
8-00>> Uayward. Kllesaad San Jos*. 9-itU
6 COp Eastern Express — Out aba. Chtcntco.
Uenvsr. Kansas c:;y. St. Loala,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacrameub^
Colfax, Ucno. Sparks, Tonupab,
... Keeier.Onden 12-5D»
•.OOP Valleio. dally, except dundar.... I 7 e-a
700p Vallejo, 6nnday only f 7MP
7 .COp hlcninond. San Pablo, Port Costa.
Marlines and Way Stations 11.204
8X5P?ort Costa, Martlaes, Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop, M O 4 e a t <K
Merced, Berenda. Fresno aad
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-23W
80jp Toscmlte Valler. via Eerenda and
Wawona (Monday, Wednesday
and Frld«y) 8 50*
BX5p M arilnez. Tracr. Stockton 10-20*
C06p Oregon is California Express— Sao-
rameato. MarysTllle. I'.rilJinj.
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.804
MOP Hayward. Nlles and San Jose (Saa-
duronlr) 11-804
»" COAST LI NE ; «>»rr»- ti»a ? .).
r (foot of Murlcet Street)
3.16a Newark. Centervllle. Saa Joss,
r'elton. Poutder Creek. Santa
Cruz aad War Stations 5 53p
1215p Newark. Ceotervlile. 8an Jos*.
New Almaden.Los 6ato«.Felton.
ISoalder Creek, Santa Cros and
Principal W«y Stations t10SSj%
4.16P Newark. Saa Jo.e, Los Gatoi...{ : ]§;||*
c3.30p Hnntcro* Train fSatnrdsr only>—
San Jose and Way Stations t7-25*>
COAST LINE <Uroa4 Uaa-*).
' HTl third »u(l Townaruq Streets.)
6-10A San Jo*e and Way Stations. 6 .30 »
700a San- Jose aad W«y Stations 5 40»
800a New Almaden (Tnf s.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
I COa The Coaster— Ban Jose. Salinas,
San Ardo, Paso Bobles. SanU
Margarita. San Luis Obitpo.
Caadalupe, Gaviota, Santa Bar*
feara. San Buenaventura. Mon-
talvo. Oxnard. Bur bank. Los
Aoxeles 10-39*>
S-OOAGtlrur. Hollister. CastTOTllle. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove. Serf. Lora-
poc ... 10.30*
8.C0a San Jose. Tres Plnos.WatnonTllIe,
C»pUuI», bnnta Cruz, Pacifls
Grove, Salinas. Saa Lais Ublspo
and Prlnctpa.' Way Stations. ... 4-13»
10. JCa San Joss anil War Stations......... 1-20i>
. 11 JCa Saa Jose and Wiiy Stations. ....... 7..Mlm
2-IBp San J«w and Way SUtiuns 8 3 a A
3-StiP Del Monte Express— Santa Clara. .
Ean Jo»e. W a t s o n r 1 1 1 e. Santa
Crui. Del Moate. Monterey.
Pacific Orove .\9 13*)
t3-00P Los Gatos. Wrlsbt. Boulder Creek,
Santa Craz. via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gangs t1045A
S^OP Valencia St.. Sonth S«n Franctsco.
Barlineazne. Sun Jose, (illror,
Ilol lister. It—> Plnos lfl 4" A
4.X0P Fan Jove and War Stations +3 qqa
tSXOpSsntA Clara, mid Jose. Lo* Gatos.
and principal Way Stations (ex*
eept Sundsv) 1900*
1S-30p banJoieanuPrtacinalWayStatfona 19 4_a
646p feuDaet Expres*.— Kedwood. Saa
Joae,Gllroy.Saltnas,I*asoKoblea,
fc»a Luis Ublspo. taut- Barbara,
Lo« Angetep. Kmlaj. Kl Paso.
_ „ St.Loal«. New Orleans. NewTork 9 |n.
6.45pFa]aro, Watsonvllle, Canitols,
feanu Crnz. Cm troTllle, Del
Monte. Pacific Grove 10.30*
I 18-15P easMaico,Iicresford.Be:mont.Saa
Carlo*. Kedwood. F*lr Oaka,
Meala Park. Palo Alto fg 48 a
6 30p 8aa Jose and Way SUtions. 6 33a
• COp P»lo Alto and Way Station* 1_ i__
11^>OpSouUiS«MTranclsoo.MlUbrao.Bnr*
llagsDM, Saa M-teo, Belmont,
San Cartos. Redwood. Fair Osis.
Menla ?*r!t. and Palo Alto «9 *5-
•rliSOPlfavfleld, Mountain Vie*. Sunny* '^vT
vale. Lawrence, Saata Clara aad
g»nJo»- /.. ».48»
- A tor Moraine. P for Atteraoo*. "^
1 Sand** excepted. I Snsdar onlr
. Saturday only. • Monday oslT.
ibl.pa at all stations oa Soad»j.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
TU>-xon Perry, Foot of Market StrerS.
SAK rit AST CISCO MS'" HATAES.
WKEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl?
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra tri;/ at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30b
6:00. 8:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAK SAPAIL TO SAK TSAZrOZSCO.
WEEK DAY3— 6:03, 7:33. 7:6O. »:20, U:_t
a. m.; 12:5O, 3:40. 5:0O. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 8:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:05. 5:05. g:23 p. m. '
Leave ( In Effect J Arrive
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 190*. | Saa Trail.
Week ' Sun- I Destlna- I San- I WeeK
Days, f daya. | t tlon. | day*. | Daya.
.T7:3oT~8:00~a '»:io"ir 8:4O"i
0:30 a Igaado. 10:40 a 10:20*
3:30 p 3:30 p 8:05 p 0:20 9
5:10 p 5:C0p 7:35 p -
~7:30a ... 9:10a 8:40 »
1 8:00 a Norato. 10:40 a 10:20*
3:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma, «:C5p tf:2O 9
5:10 pj 3:30 p and " 7:35 p
I 5:00 p( Santa Rosa. .
7:30 a —- — I0:40al0:20s>
8:00 a Fultoa. 7:35 p 8:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p ;
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs.' 10:40 a 10:20 «
Lytton.
¦ 3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:33 p 8:20 p)
Cloverdale.
7:30 at 8:00 a| Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 »
3:30p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. [ 7:35 pj 6:20 9
>| I and I I
7:30 a I 8:00 a| Sherwood. | 7j33_Pj_8_20_» ,
VrsOal'sToOal jToT46~aiIol20ri
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Ouernevllle. [ 7:35 p| 8:20 p
~7:3Oa|~51bo a! Sonoma, I 9:10 a| 8:40 a
C:10p| 5:C0p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 9
~7:30"af9*:00"a| 110:40 allO:2o"»
3:30 p| 3:30 pi Sebastopcl. [ 7:35 pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Qucntln; at Santa Rosa . for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserv itle for Skags*
j Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boono- '
j ville and Greenwood; at Hcpland for Duncan
Sprinss. Highland Springs^ ' Kelseyvllle.' Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport. Bartlett
- Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
j Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springn.
i Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Spring*.
[Upper Lake. Porno.. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Llerly's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heishts. Hullville. Orr* s Hot Springs. Halfway
House, Comptche. Hopkins. Mcndoclno City.
Fort, Brag*. Westport.and Usal; at Wlllits for
>learst an-3 Sawyers: at Sherwood for Fort
Brasrg. Canto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cammlngs,
Bell's Springs." Harris. Hubbard.' Fruitlaml.
Dyer. Garbervllle, Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.iVMfOtaqclBMRSWfc
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r«-
: duced rates.
On Sun Jay— Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronlcls
bulldlnp.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
'..'-.I "' Gen. Manager. ¦' Oen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
• * T » Sas friacscD _¦.______ — f • Ssa Prsaaxs
_wk. Jars _ud»yr J____Tj[i__5L
- — »:25a fo_*»tSS3 *:»«!• *1O:5O.\
1>:5Oa 9:5Oa a:55p 3:53r
l:45p 1;45? 6:'J2i> ____S_P
S»«nJ»7S 4:35p . " < S-tardaTs ll:13p
»?u Grantj to . Y It ftaslpa, to Kffl Y*ll«^
-J2S2L I Mo M**"-rr ST^(North Shore RailroadJ
•'KCB \ and Sausa>jto Fsxav, Foot Market S4. 1
¦Wy,y,KT,Y CALL, $1.00 gEBYy,,U
BOOMS AWDJBOAaaB^^J^^^.
ST. GEORGJE~~1«18 Just open;
handsrtne. newly furnished, sunny suites: pri-
vate baths: single rooms; modern conven-
iences; excellent tattle board; reasonable rates.
POWELL. t>l8. near California— Elegantly fur-
nUhed sunny front parlor, with or without
breakfast and dinner, in refined prlv. family.
FIRST- CLASS room and board, $30; two ?W>;
refined family; central.. Box 34S6, Call.
MASON C15A — Sunny front room, with or
.without board, for lady; private family.
ELLIS 453 — Nice furnished rooms with best of
French table board; reasonable, :'
ELLIS 1174— Room with board for two young
men; private family: references.
HOWARD, 841 A — First-class board and room,
single or double. $5 week; American family.
ROOM and board to let in private place. Ap-
ply box 3327. Call office. - -
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace. Church annex,
807 California — See rms. learn prices, try table.
CHESTNUT, 266 — One large room, with board;
reasonable.
ROOMS AND BOAKD WAMTED.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wishes home In
private family; state conditions. Box 3461.
Call. •
PKTSICIAKS AXTD STTftQEOlTS. _^
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% -Market st. _____
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dls-
easea cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay at.
STORAGE j^jrojWrA^EHOJ~S~!S^_^_
A^EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods etored. moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st;
phone. Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission tt.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING HACKINES AND STTPPLrES.
1000 RENTERS — Dun't fail to visit the new
retail office of the White if you wish to rent
the best sewing machine on earth; price for
rent of best drophead machines. $2 per
month. Remember the place. 915 Market st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
le cheapest; second- hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-band $3, $5. $8; slightly
used $10. $15. $20; you know where the doll«
swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
SOCXA.Ii.
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here; a chance to mako merry; cozy dance
hall and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardens, Ocean Beach terminal of electric
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211.
Mulrhead building. Market and Larkln sts.
SPECIA I. NOTICES.
EXECUTOR'S sale — Harness, leather, tools,
paraphernalia, fixtures and business of har-
ness shop of Thomas Corb?tt, deceased. 215
Jackson st. Bids received by W. H. PAT-
SON, room 172. Crocker bldg.
STOPJDBXHZXirO.
GUARANTEED cure: send 60c; tablet form
mailed In claln package: has cured U iou-
tands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bidg.. a F.
TYP£W_UTX:itSja.l~D SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 530 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
VXAVX. n _
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for It.
VIA VI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
NOTICE— Taxes due upon assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization. Con-
troller's Department, State of California.
£acramento, October 11. 1904. In accord-
ance with the provisions- of section 3608 of
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
Umt 1 have tecelved from the State Board
of Equalisation the "Duplicate Record of As-
te—iments of Railways" and the "Duplicate
Record of Apportionment of Railway Assess-
ments." containing the assessments upon the
property of each of the following named
associations or corporations, as fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year
ISAM, viz.:
Central Pacific Railway Company, South
pacific Coast Kailway Company. Southern
Pacific Railroad Company. Southern Cali-
fornia Motor Road Company, Carson and
Colorado Railway Company, California
Northwestern Railway Company (lessees of
the San Francisco and North Pacific Rail-
way). Southern California Railway Company
the Atchiaoo. Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
Company. North fabore Railroad Company
Pacific CoaBt Railway Company, Pajaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad Company. Nevada
County Narrow Gauge Railroad Company
Nevada-CaMornla-Oregon Railway Company.
Sierra Valleys KaHway Company. Alameda
_nd Ban Joaquln Railroad Company. Sierra
Kailway Company of California. Gualala Mill
Company. Lake Taboe Railway and Trans-
portation Company. Boca and Loyalton Rail-
road Company; San Pedro. Los Angelea and
Bait Lake Railroad Company, and the °mi.
man Company. \"
The State and county taxes on all ner-
*on_l property and one-half of the State
aud county taxes en all real property ar«
now due and payable, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday In November next, at
6 o'clock p. m.. and unless paid to the State
Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto. 3
per cent will be added to the amount there-
of, and unless so paid on or before the las-
Monday In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m an
additional 5 r-er cent will be added to' the
amount thereof. -3a2__|S
The remaining one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real property will be due
and payable at any time after the arat
Monday In January next, and will be delin-
quent on the last Monday In April next at
6 o'clock p. m.. and unless paid to 'the
State Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto
5 per cent will be added to the amount
thereof. . . . •
E. P. COLGAN. Stats ; Controller.
PHOPOSALS. -'__ "
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley":
Notice to Contractors. Builders and Material
Men— Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and
turnishlng the materials for reconstructing
the south drive, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California, at Berkeley. California,
¦ and said bids will be received at the offlc*
of the Regents, South 'Hall, Berkeley, at or
before 5 p. m. of October 24, 1904. No . bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
. certified check or bond of bidder, In. favor of
the Regents of the University of California,
c cita 1 to ten (10) per cent of his bid with
sufficient sureties, conditioned that if said bid
be accepted. . the bidder will duly enter Into
a proper contract and give bond . to perforn i
faithfully ¦ the duty and ¦ obligations . In ac-
cordance with Fald bid and wlt/i , the plan?
and specifications whlcn are hereby required
to be a part of such contract. The right • to
reject any or all bids is hereby ~ reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
' Buildings of the Board of Regents. ¦'¦
V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
EAN FRANCISCO. ,Cal., . October 22, 1904.—
Sealed proposals, ¦ in triplicate, ; will < be re-
ceived hero until 11 o'clock a. m., . Novem-
ber 22, 1004. . and then opened for construct-
ing small picket guard-house at entrance to
Fort . Baker . Reservation. ? California* Gov-
ernment ; reserve- the right to ' reject or ac-
cept any or all bids In wh61e or In part.. In-
formation ¦ furnished • on . application . to WM.
S. PATTEN.- Assistant ' Quartermaster • Gen-
eral, Chief . Quartermaster.
ykmiJBTAiiaBaaasa.-
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Neas and Market^
cures; estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to Jo. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
; The' following marriage : licenses were' Issued
yesterday. . <f^n9BS
. ' Julien : Desme, - 26. Los Banos, and i Eliza
Lamarque, '30, ¦ 2S21 Jackson,, street.
S- Daniel ; O'Neill, 20, i 30A : Hancock ; street, 1 and
Catherine O'Sullivan.' 28,v:tO7A ; Castro t street.
. Jason Gould,* 21;. 80S. Bush street,. and-Dalsy
Burns. IS,' 1WXJ Washington * street. ?*
• . Luclcn J.'* Wright.': 2<S. . Fresno,'? and Marlon
M. Bumham. ' d 18, * 1104 J4 ': Montgomery : avenue.
:... Robert ' J.i Guerin, 21,-. H4« Loguna' street i and
Maud C. ; Hadesty. 20. 70Ci£ . Birch J avenue. ' .--*
'Andrea" Deacalzl," 24,'* 35 Filbert" street, and
'Virginia Monteverde, 16,' 8. Margaret; place.;
BOOBCS rOE EOUSEKEEPIHG.
A F1XXDU or 3 rooms, alcove and bath, fur-
iiis-l-.tj lor housekeeping: piano and sewing
maihinc; eastern exposure; 5 minutes' walk
cc Kearny Bt. For terms. Inquire mornings.
13CU •J'Mylor st. or phone Main 3055.
CALIFORNIA 1204^ — Two large eunny rooms;
middle floor; use of laundry and large sunny
yard.
EDDY S01 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms with
bath."
EDDY. 1254— Unfurnished and furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
KIGHTEtNTH, S462. near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished roomr; housekeeping; ~ bath.
ELLIS. 836 — 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms to let; yard.
_ —
ELLISDELL. 217 Post— Elegant suite for light
housekeeping; also single room; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. S70 — Nicely furnished
frcnt alcove, with kitchen: private home.
GOLI^HX GATE ave.. 439 — Room for light
f
GOLDEN GATE av*.. 631—2 nicely furnished
tunny rooms, complete for light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 12^4— A eunr.y parlor
euite. Futtable for housekeeping; also single
rooms; bath and phone. _____________ |
GREEN. 1S12^ — Nice room; ooe or two ladles
or couple; housekeeping privileges.
GP.OVE. S2-_> connecting unfurnished rooms
and single. \
HOWARD. 719 !»— 2 large housekeeping rooms;
*dultK cr.Jy; refi>ectable: no transient,
HTUE and Washinirton 1505 Washing-
ton— 2 newjy furnished housekeeping rms.;
every convenience; fine view; tel. Hyde 25(W.
JESSIE. "23— Sunny, back room; furnished
hskeeping; «ra« range, sink, closet; $2 75 wk.
JONCS 516%. near Geary— Will let unfur-
nished to adult*. :i roon-.s for housekeeping tn
a fine lower rear flat. Apply on premises.
SEMLWOSTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Eunny furnished 3-room suites: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reaa.
LACUNA. 1M7, cor. Geary — Elegant 3-room
runny euite: modern: private family; reas.
MINNA. 5-I&— Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
OAK 117— Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
fl2': eas range; hot bath: adults. -¦
OAK. 1103. rear panhandle — Large sunny fur-
t.tshed front room:kltchcn complete;gas stove.
TAGE. IW — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooiiu; running water; bath.
POLK. S3«. cor. MrAIliFter— Large front room
end small cooking place for light house-
keeping.
BACRAMEXTO. 1514 — Parlor floor. 5 elegantly
furr.ishPd. sunny housekeeping rooms; piano.
SCOTT, 300— Northeast comer; 2. 3 or 4 rooms,
n»wly fvrni-hed; bath; extra sunny.
SOUTH PARK. 12G — To let. 4 unfurnished
r^orr i«* for housekeeping: no children. '
SnTEK. 1U2S— 3 large sunny rooms and bath;
—«:tlre upper flosr; clean; reasonable.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3305—2 small sunny un-
. furnished rooms; gas; yard; $5 monthly.
UTAH. 5."^. eaft of Bryant— Large bsement.
furnished, newly painted, gas. sink, toilet.
hot snd cold water, cheap.
AP-LBTPIEBTT HOUSES.
tT. LOUIS 1575 Jackson — Herts) view; 3-4-i
rocrc*: furn. or unfur. : refs. TeU East 1350.
i
BOOSSS TO LET — Furn. end Unf nxa.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms i
Zl>c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and !
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." £73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth ft.)— Room*.. 25c, 50c. Jl. $1 50 night;
fl bu to $10 week: house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances. 112C Market and 21 Turk — Electrics
llchu; running water In every room; 200
rooms: "r>c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
EDDY. 110 — Launston — Opp. Tlvoll: fine fur-
nished rooms for transients; reas. rates.
EDDY. 432— Nicely furnished rooms, bath,
modern, convenient, reasonable.
EDDY. 870 — Handsomely furnished rooms to
le_
FIFTEENTH. 1571 — Nice, clean, eunny room
very reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721 — Sunny furnished front room;
$10; all conveniences.
GEARY. 1143— Newly and attractively fur-
nished rooms; all sunny, bath, phone; run-
ning water: reasonable.
GEARY. 1225— Lan re bay-window sunny room
for gentleman; modern, convenient; only $12.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 111. '"The Astoria" — Downtown;
pretty rooms; $1 per day; week. $3 up. ' :
HARRISON. 74$ — J.'.. $6. (7. single and double
rooms; will permit housekeeping.
HOWARD. 526— Furnished room to let.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates: 25c to »1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
JI^.-Ii:, 3C3. east U. S. Mint — Nicely furnish-
ed rooms, double bed. $10; single rooms, $5.
KEARNY. 104 — 3 unfurnished rooms; sunny;
bay window; front; $22 00; housekeeping;
adults; references.
KEARNY, 305, cor. Bush — Nicely furnished
rooms; also housekeeping rooms and bath.
MARKET. 10« (The Falmoutb) — Suncy
room*: $2 50 to $7 we«k; elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st.-^OO
single and family rooms 35c to Jl 50 per day.
$2 to 56 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and oold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
tn every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator n-rvlce day and eight to its guests.
[MINNA. M3A.— Furnished rooms for rent.
O'FARRELL. K56 — Sunny front parlor and side
room.; business center; Quiet block.
POST. 217. near Grant ave. — Elegant front
euite; also single room; reasonable.
POWELL. 233 — Edinburgh — Furnished rooms,
. en euite and single; suitable for office,
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights-
reading-room, unoktng-rocm. and ladies* par-
lor: rooms per night. S5c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. 5* to $30; elevator en ground
floor: rocms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH, 143 — Rooms with housekeeping privl-
teces.
ETOCKTON. 41— Nicely furnished sunny suite,
also single rooms, $2 to $7 week. *
ET. REGIS. Hyd« and Ellis — New house; new
furnishings; fresh and clean; hot and cold
water; baths: everything sanitary ; elevator
sremee: if vunshine and cleanliness Is an ob-
ject nee these rooms; $3 per week upw
STEVENSON, C20— Sunny front furnished
room to let cheao.
BUTTER. €22— Pleasant furnished rooms- nlc«
location.
TAYLOR. 21 — Elegant from suites and single-
hot water; gte_m beat; elevator; $20-$30 mo.'
TAYLOR. 246— Nicely furnished room for 2
lentiemen.
"TAYLOR, €24. near Sutter — Sunny, front. h»/»-
window room; $12. y
THE fcT. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST UOOMS IN THE CITY- NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES BATHS
ELECTHIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERvl
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MOrERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE LarchR tent. 361 Sutter — New brick bldg.
finely furnished; hot. cold water, steam heat!
privilege to baths; $2 50 to $5 per week.
THIRD. 30S— Mas-flower, quiet, nice clean-
25c, 35c. 5Cc. 75c and $1 night; $1,25 to $4
week. Near Folsom; open till 2 a. m.
THIRTEENTH. 23S— Sunny front room; bath
gas; lacing street. f
* ______
TWENTT-XINTH. 325.— Sunny room. .
UNITED fiTATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
room* r,r,c to Jl nltrht. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gais). running . water In every
room: eleratcr. read.-roono; tree bus; baggage.
WANTED — A lady to take a room in newly
furninhed flat; rent reasonable ; to ' the right
party; ute of kitchen If ; preferred. S3 Col-
lingwocdrt.. cor. Eighteenth.
WWCH_ST_-t Hole!, 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
26c lo $150 right: $2 : to $8, week; elevator;
tlec lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor/ Sixth and 'Howard— Choice
furnished rooms from Ifcj per night: up; ele-
gant tranriwit rooms. tOc per, night.. ¦'. ", '
A , BRAN S H offlce o? -The Call for the r-cepTion
J£_!£!* rO! *'?£ nta and •ubscrlptlons has been
85SSt_S iK _? rket Firth,
BIRTHS-^MAREIAGES^-DEATHS.
Birth, marriasre and death notices sent • by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication of flees and iba
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. >
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of chargt-. - ' ¦' ' ¦ "-'¦ .
BORN.
HOLLAND — In 'this city. October 8, 1904, to
the wife of William Holland, a son.,
- MARRIED.
FORD— RECTOR— In this city. In the First
United Presbyterian Church, on October 19,
l!»O4. by the Rev. H. H. Bell, Walter A.
Ford of Fresno. Cal... and Cora A. Rector of
Wellington, Kans. ' '
JONES— CARRICK— In Oakland. October 13,
1904,- by tlie Rev. Father McSweeney of St.
Francis de Sales Church. Richard D. Jones
. and Mae.T. Carrlck. both' of San Francisco.
WADDELL— WISEMAN— In this dty, October
. 19. 1904. by the Rev. H. H. Bell, Wilbur F.
Waddell and Mrs. Mary E. .Wiseman, ' both
of Madera. Cal. ¦
DIED.
Bach. Charles; FCnauer. Katherine
Bayle, John ¦ Knowles. Mary E.
Bazzuro, Giuseppi Lagomarsino, Louisa.
Benjamin, Frances , Lee« John
• Bermlngham, Flor- Lent, Fannie
ence T. Lubben, Anna M. r
Blethen. Constance Mangin. Auguste
Campbell, James ' Marinelli, Louis
Carranza, Joseph McClellan, Mary L>
Craig, Katl* A. Mitchell, Thomas F.
Curren, Sister Mary Monasch. Jane
Donohue, Thomas Moore, Mary E.
Farnham. John H. Nugent, Rev. Denis
Goodsteln, Hannah O'Brien, James G.
Hallett, George H. O'Rourke, John
Horn, Frank J. Rodney, Mary . I.
Jackson. Julia ' Schultz, Otto
Keegan, Ed J. ' . Walsh, Michael
Kergan, Dr. John Zabnskie, Justine
BACH— In New Tork. October 18. 1004, Charles
Bach of San Francisco.
IC Funeral notice later. '_,<-f*
BAYLE— In Reno, j Nev., October 21. 1904,
John, beloved husband of the late Catherine
Bayle, and father of Mrs. C. Artlgues, Mrs.
L. Lacaze and Miss Catherine Bayle, and
fKther 7 in.Iaw of Charles Artigues and Louis
Lacaze. and brother- in-law of Mr** and Mrs.
J. Barelllea, and uncle of Mrs. C. Barellles
of West Berkeley, Mrs. L. Lombard of -Ala-
meda and Neolie. Marie, . Annie, Pierre and
. Veronica Bareilles, and grandfather of John
L., Francine G., Joseph • C. and Paul A.
Artlgues, a native of France, aged' 63 years
1 month and 23 days.
IE7"FuneraI notice hereafter.
BAZZURO— In this city. October 18. 1904,
Gluseppl. dearly beloved husband of Mary
Bazzuro. and loving father of Anna Bazzuro,
and uncle of Lulgl Croce, a native of Italy,
aged 44 years 10 months and 9 days. .
C/ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 23, at 12:3W p. m., from his late
residence, 475 Filbert street, thence to Ma-
sonic Temple, corner Port and Montgomery
streets, where services will be held under the
auspices of Speranza Italian Lodce No. 219,
F. and A. M. Interment Italian j Cemetery.
BENJAMIN-^Entered Into rest, in this city,
at her residence, 1213 Scott rtreet. October
20, 1904. Frances M. Benjamin, widow of
the late W. K. Benjamin, and mother of
Mrs. D. N. Place and O. C. Benjamin, a
native of New York City, aced 73 years 1
; month and 6 days. (New York City and
Jersey City. N. J., papers please copy.)
CTTtlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
at 11 a. m. Sunday, October 23, at the cre-
matory chapel in Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BERMINGHAM— In this city,. October 21,
11*04. Florence T. Bermlngham. dearly be-
loved wife of Thomas Bermingham, and lov-
ing mother of James and Florence Berming-
ham, and beloved daughter of Mrs. A.
Nixon, and sister of Mrs. James Helberg of
Jerome. Ariz., and Mrs. William Schultz, a
native of England, aged 42 years 9 months
and 11 days.
EyFrlpnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 p. "m., from her late resi-
dence, 557 Grove -treet, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fillmore and Fell streets, for
services, commencing at 1:30 p. m." Inter-
ment Holy Cros? Cemetery.
BLETHEN— In this city. October 21, 1004.
Constance B., daughter of the late Captain
James H. Bletben, and sister of E. O.
and J. H. Blethen Jr. and Mrs. James R.
Dwyer, a native of San Francisco, Cal.
CAMPBELL— In this .city, October 21, 1004.
James, dearly beloved brother of Delia.
Patrick. Mary and Annie, Campbell and
Mrs. P. McDonald, a native of Ireland, aged
27 years. • ¦ , - .- ¦ ¦ . - <
B7Remains at parlors of McFadden. Mc-
Brearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. ; . -
CARRANZA — In this city, October 20, 1904,
Joseph Carranza. dearly beloved son of the
late Mr«. Susan Carranza, and brother of
Caroline Carranza, a native of Mexico, aged
22 yoars 6 months and 1 day.
(DTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 p. m.. from the parlors
of Valente. Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton
street. '¦ thence to 518 Broadway, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Loyal Golden Gate Lodge No. 7180, I. O. O.
F. Interment Italian" Cemetery.
CRAIG— In this city, October 21. 1904, Katie
A., beloved wife of J. S. Craig, and mother
of Mrs. F. E. Carroll, and Mrs. Chris John-
son, a native of New York, aged 4S years 4
months and 19 days.
' CURREN— In " this city. October 21, 1904,
> Sister Mary Llba Curren of the Sisters of
Charity of the Blessed Virgin.
EyFri-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 24, from St. Brirld's Church, where
a solemn mass cf requiem will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 10 a. m. , Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
DONOHUE — In this city, October 21, 1904,
Thomas, beloved husband: of Margaret Em-
ma Donohue, and : father of , Edward Don.
ohue, a native of London, England, aged
77 years. . «
ICTRemalns et the parlors of McAvoy &
Co.. 1239 Market street.
FARNHAM — ih this city, October 18. 1904,
John H. Faraham, a native of Maine, aged
72 years 2 months and 1 day. A member of
! Journeymen Shipwrights' Association. .
(E7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, -from the. parlors of
Craig. Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Polk and Larkln streets, under
the auspices of Journeymen Shipwrights' As-
sociation. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GOODSTEIN— In thls'xilty, October 21. 1904,
Mrs. Hannah Goodsteln, beloved mother of
Mrs. L. Abrahams, Mrs. ; ¦ B. ; L. Levy ;¦ of
Spokane, Wash., and Abraham, Charleg and
David Goodsteln of Spokane, a native : of
Rypln. Poland, aged 81 years.
U_TFuneral and interment nrivate. *
' HALLETT— Entered Into rest, ¦ in . this city,
October 21. 1304, George • H., beloved hus-
band of Elizabeth Hallett. and father of
. William H. Hallett, a >. native of Boston,
Mass. ¦ , ...-.'
(DTriends are invited to attend the
funeral services Sunday, October 23, at 2
p. m., at the Ftrst Congregational Church,
corner Post and Maaon streets. Members
of Pacific Lodge No. 136, F. and. A. M., also
members of the Society, of Pioneers are in-
vited to attend the . services. Remains at
the chaoel of N. Gray & Co., '353 Butter
street, -. ,
HOKN— In th!« city. October 20. 1004, Frank
J. Horn/ beloved husband of" Frances J.
Horn, and father of Joseph F., William and
Elsie Horn. Mrs. Marv L., Becker and the
lato Mrs. Nest, and brother of ¦ M. Horn. •
Mrs. James ¦ McCudden . and Mrs. Lena
Brown, a native of Germany, aged 68 years
1 month and 7 days. Grand treasurer of the
Grand Grove, U. A. O. D. ; a member of
Hesperian Grove No. 12, U. A. O. D. ; . Hart-
nagel Chapter No. 3; Court Defiance No. 23,"
A. O. : F.; Sotoyome Tribe No. 12. - Improved
Order of Red Men: ' Boadlcla Circle No.' : 3,
U. A. O. D.. and Past Arch Association No.
1, U. A. O. . D. (Washington. - D. C, and
Vallejo, Cal.,' papers please copy.)
r~"Friends and acquaintances - are respect-
fully Invited .to attend the funeral Sunday, 1
at 12 o'clock, from his late\ residence, 1121%
. Folsom street, - thence .;•., to , St. - Boniface's
Church, Golden ¦ Gate avenue,'; for : services,'
commencing at 12:30 p. m., thence to-Drulds*
Hall. ;413 Butter street, -where service!* ; will
be .held under , the auspices of the Grand
Grove ; of California, • U. A. , O. D. 1 , , at 1 p.m.
JACKSON— In * Sacramento. -.[October- 20, 1904,
Julia, wife - of the •¦ late > G. . W. Jackson. . and
sIMer of G. ; W. , Lorenz. . - ;
E3*Funeral services Sunday, October 23. at
2 ». m., from : residence, 1007 -I /street, Sac-
ramento. ¦ ..
KEEGAN — In this city. October 18, 1904"" Ed
.J. Keegan.' a native of. New York,, aged 49
years and 6 months.- '--¦.¦- ., ; - -
1 ¦ (CTFvlends' and .acquaintances'. are* Invited
to ¦¦ attend • the funeral *¦ from .' the : parlors I of
Godeau & Co.. ; 805 - : Montgomery r avenue,
. Sunday. October 23, at l.p. m."\ '¦¦:'¦ '
KERGAN— In this city,: October IS,' 1904," at his"
residence, •' 828 ! Hyde j street," Dr.'; John Depew
¦', Kergan, . dearly, beloved husband of Catherine
Kergan. a native of Ontario, Canada, aged 65
"years 6 months and ; 14 1 days. (Detroit 7 and
. .Corunna, Mich., 'papers please copy.) :
¦'•- t_~Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully ¦ inv'.ted to attend; the funeral . Saturday.
¦': October 22, at 10:30 a. •- *.,". from ; the chapel
of Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ;_-3a©^BsgJHMBBsBB
KNAUER— In O'Fallon. . 111.." October 20.-; 1904,-
Katherine K. L. Knauer, -> beloved \ mother of ,
- -¦ Mrs.'; John Morrlsey, of San Francisco," aged'
. ¦ 73 : year*. ? : ;< '.¦-.•¦¦" :: ¦:,' ¦.',;. :: '% ;-;;;'¦",¦ - : ~<: "'/ y
KNOWLES— In ; Oakland, 1 October 21, .' 1004,
¦"., Mary - Eaton," wife 'of ¦> the .*¦ late ' Jociah <¦¦ N."
•¦ Knowles. a native : of .-.New.'Bedford.i- Mass.
Cj!"Funeral services ''.will .. be . held t Sunday'
.' afternoon, -' October ..; 23, "r at : 2 * p. *> th:,: : t » her
late home,'- corner of* Jackson: and > Fifteenth'
slreits.: Oakland. Interment -private. ¦«'¦-
LAGOM ARSINO-^In t\ this * 2 cit>V^"October j 20.^
¦ . 1204. 'I Louisa, ': dearly^ beloved ; wife 1 of 'J. . B. :
;-; Lagomarslno, '.'and -"mother :of nMay,'iRft«(?,i
Vc Georce,"'-- Leo, " r " Fred; :' Adolph » and "Aurelia^
-.'. Lagomarslno, . &? native ¦ of # Italy, g aged 5 47,
years 5 months , and j 11 1 days.*^^^BSBR8NMsT
• CCTFrlends and . acquaintances _re* respect^"
: fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday).-; October j 23, at 1 p. m., from ' her
. late residence, ; 1C1 Fourth avenue, near Cal-
ifornia ". street, -thence to- Corpus Chrlstl
(Italian) 'Church, ' Five-Mile House,:Vfor
, sarviees, .thence > to • Italian Cemetery. , ' -, \i
LEE— In this city, October 21, 1904/. John Lee,
,' a native of Ireland, aged 70^ years. " . ;. *
LENT— In this city," October 20, 1901. Fannie,
daughter of the late Frances B.. Lent and
the late William M. Lent. " ' '
C7Funeral services and interment private.
LUBBEN— In » Alameda. October 21, 1904.
Anna M. • Lubben, . wife f of John Lubben. a
native of New York, aged 35 year* 2 months
and 12 days.' •
MANGIN— In Oakland.' October - 20. 1904,
. Augutte. dearly . beloved father of Auguste
v E. C. and Eugene L. E. Mangin,' and lovlnc
. brother ; of the Very - Rev. Father Hypolite
Mangin ; and - Catherine Manein, a native of
Conthll, Lorraine 1 Fcance, ased 79 years 6
months and - 14 days. ¦
C7*Friends and acquaintances -are respect-
fully Invited to attend a solemn requiem high
mass to , be celebrated for the repose • of his
rtoul, * commencing at 9 a. > m., .in Sacred
' Heart Church, ¦ Fortieth - and Grove . streets,
on Saturday, October 22. Interment private.
MARINELLI— In this city, October 21. 19O4.
Louie, beloved - son of Antona and Filomena
- Marinelli, and brother ; of Catherine Marl-'
¦ nelli. a' native of San Francisco, aged . 3
months and : 5 days. ¦ . -
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 p.- m., from the parents'
residence: 18% Ring-old atreet, between ¦ Fol-
som and . Harrison - and Eighth and Ninth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services at
. l ; p. m.. Interment ¦ Italian Cemetery.
McCLELLAN— In this city.' October 20. 1904;
Mary Louise McClellan, widow of the late
R. Guy McClellan, and mother of R. B. and
Clifford McClellan. and sister of.Mn. Eliza
C. Monson of Ban Francisco, ' Sarah L. Bald-
win and Samuel W. Baldwin of Bridgeport,
Conn., a native of Bridgeport, Conn. -
H7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, October 22, at 2 p. m., at . the
chapel at Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission street,
i near Twenty-first. •*<;
MITCHELL — In this city, October 20, 1904,
Thomas Fredrick, beloved son of William
and Fannie' Mitchell, and brother of John
J.. Samuel. William H. and Albert O.
Mitchell and Mrs. Frank W. Halnes, | a na-
tive of California, aged 24 years 7 months
and IT days.
C7Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday. October 22; at 1:30 p. m.. at his
late residence, 2724 Folsom street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. ,- --
MONASCH— Friends and acquaintance* are re-
6i>ectfully invited to attend the erection of
the monument in memory of the late "Jane
Monasch, at Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
Sunday. October 23, at 2 p. m.
MOORE— In Oakland. October 21. 1904, Mary
K. Moore, wife of Miles C. Moore of Walla
Walla, Wash. ,
NUGENT— The anniversary «ojemn requiem
mass for t*e reDOse of the soul of the late
Rev. Denis Nugent w ill be celebrated In St.
• « Rosa's Church.- Brannan street, . between
Fourth and Fifth, on Monday, October 24,
commencing at 10 a. m.. The reverend clergy
and f rlendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. .
O'BRIEN— In thlt dty. October 20. 1904.
James G., dearly beloved eon of the late
Catherine and Michael O'Brien, and beloved
brother of A. O'Brien. Mr». Ia H. Coeper,
Mrs. F. Terry and Mrs. E. E. Cosper of
Manila, P. I., a -native of Ean Francisco,
aged 19 years. . !
EyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 p. m., from his late resi-
dence. 1H40 Hyde street, thence to St.
Brigid'a Church, corner Van Nes» avenue
and Broadway.-for services. Interment Holy
Croes Cemetery.. '
O'ROURKE— In this city. October 20. 1904.
John, beloved son of Mary and the late
Patrick O'Rourke.' and brother of Patrick.
Martin, William and the late, Thomas
O'Rourke. a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 3S years.
CTFrientfs and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 0 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 11 Thirteenth ; street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Ceme.tery.
RODNEY— In Ocean View. October 20. 1904,
Marylmelda Rodney, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of James and Mary Rodney, a native of
Canterbury, New Zealand, aged 16 yea'rs 3
months and 14 davs. (New Zealand papers
please copy.) ¦
(£7Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday). October 22, at 9:30 a. m.. from
the residence of her parents, 14: Capital
utreet. Ocean View, thence to St. Michael's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her noul, com-
mencing at 10 a. in.' Interment Holy Cross
s Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
SCHULTZ — In this city, October 21, . 1&O4. Otto
Schultz. a native of Germany, aged 66 years.
WALSH— In this city, - October 20, U0O4.
Michael Walsh, dearly beloved f brother of
Mrs. John F. Mitchell, a-d nephew of Peter,
William and John McKeon, a native of Ire-
land, aged 42 years. - - .%' . «
P^The " funeral will .talft place to-day
(Saturday)," at 8:45 a. m.',' fro— i the parlors
of Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a. rn.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ZABRISKIE— In this city. ' October . 14. 1904,
Justine, widow of the late Captain E. B.
Zabriskie, and mother of . Christian Brevoort
Zabrlskle, a native of Louisiana.
It~Friends and acquaintances are resyect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral '. services
on Sunday, October 23, at 2:30 p.' m., at the
¦ chapel at Cdd Fellows' Crematory.
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
_yj_—^__i^Bi%J!r_M__^_B_gpA *_
I gf C A L I F O R IN! I A H
m LfMlTED TO CHIC/Vooi
i LEAVES MONDATS :nd THURSOATS 9
Hat 9:30 a. m.; througrh In 3 dayi.fa
B| With diner and all trappings. £$
Other Santa Pe Trains:
» : 30a* m'l For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld, j
8:00 p! m! J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla. \
4:00 p.m. For. Stockton. •
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon ,
and Chicago.' « i
Ticket Orflces — 641 Market et. and Ferry Depot I
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak- I
land. Cal. : also 27 South lat. San Joae.
¦ CAZADERO, Etc
_ Via Sauaallto Perry
SlTBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
; '->. Depart -from' San ¦ Francisco, 'daily," at 1 . t7:03.*j
7-45. 8:23. 9:10, .9:50.- 11:00 a. m.; 1:45, 3:13.1
! 4:35." 5:15. 6:30, 0:30. 7:15. 9:00 and ll-.Si I
at > San Francisco, dally. . at f6:«o.
7 :35 - 8 :1V 8 :50.~ 9 :35. 10 :60 a. m. ; 1 :30. 2 :55.
4:25| ; 5:03. :5:42. 6:22, ti:5t. 7:40 and ai:l_
P ."tDally except Sunday. _ '> i
¦¦ For . Fairfax. •¦: dally, \ at r 1 :43 a. m. ; also Sat- !
urdays at ; 3:15 p. Ta.r and dally except Satur- !
day and Sunday -at 5:15 p.m. r- ,
.THROUGH TRAINS.
7 :45a-' m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
3 :15 - p. m.. Saturdays only— For Cazadero. .
etc" rf *B*_BB3r t 'l'NBBBBWsB»W*s^iHWBBBRSW i M(te;' j
i 5:15 p. m.r dally.. except Saturday and- Sun-
'day. for.Tomales.'etc -¦ , «
. -, TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market at. ,
'. FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market at.FRIDAY." Oct. 21 — S p. m.
UNITED 1 STATES BONDS.
.. Bid. :A»k.| . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 106*4 106% Us qr cp new. — . M2&
4s qr reg...lC6%lC6%l39 qr coup... 104% 106
MISCELLANEOUS BONI>3. :
Ala, A W 6s. — ; — Oak T Co 6s. — 12JH
Asso Oil 5e. 80 — I Do 5s 112 "113 -
Bay CPC 5s.l01%103 Do con 5s. 103 U —
Cal.C G 5s.lO2% — Oceanic 8 5s. — 85
Cal G ft B g ' Om, Cable 6s.l20ii —.
m & ct 5s. 81 — Pac G Im 4s. — VJ
Cal-st C 5s.ll2% — P E Ry 5s.. — 105J4
C C.Wat 5s.- 99 — P * C H to.104 — .
EdL A P 6s.l25 — P * O R 6«.114%lia^
F A C H b.' — Powell-st «s. — —-
Geary-st 5s.. 60 — Sac EGAR.fs.101 ' —
H CAS 5%»-105 — SF & SJV59.11S!4 — -
Do 5s .... 99%100 Sierra R 6s.. — —
Hon R T 69.107% — S P of A 6s -
E A Elec 6s. — 103% (1909) .....108% —
LA By 5s. .116 — (1910) .....109T4.— ..
L.ALC06S — — S P ¦ of C ¦ 6s
Do gtd 6s. — — <1906)9r A.101 101%
Do ltd Ss.101 103% - (1906)3r B.10©% — .
LAP lcm.5s.102 — ,«906) ..,..104^ — '
Mkt-st C 6S.115 - (1912) ..!.. 113J4.ir..
Do lem 5s.ll«% — SPC 1 eg 5s.ll7% — '
3.IV4 MtT5s.lO5 — Do stampd.110 ¦ 110%
NRR of.C6s.106 106% S P B R 8s. 132
Do '5s 118%'-* SV,Wat.6s.lM%104%
N P C R Ss.107 — Do 4s 2dm.l01 —
N C Ry 5s..— 112 Do'4s 3dni. 99%. — .
N C P C 5s. — -99 Do g mtrts 90 • . —
N,S R R 5s-101»5 — Stkn-GAECs. 93 —
O GLAH 5s. — ' 110H U G A E 5S.103H —
O v7 gtd 5s. — 100 :.--¦' .
WATER- STOCKS.'
Contra Costa — S« I Port Costs.:.. . — ' _
Maria Co. . . .— 60 ;| S VWit Co. 38% W
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Exchange and Bullion.
local. . WSm
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 84%
Sterling . Exchange . sight ........ — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, < cables : — 4 87%
New. York Exchange, sight ...... — . 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. -—', .10
Silver, per ounce .......¦..,'...'....— "68%
Mexican Dollars .*...:: '.....— . 40
INTERNATIONAL.
New,' York on >. Paris............... ;..... 8.16%
New York on Mexico...... ............. 216%
Paris on London ..........25.11 -
Berlin on London ...... ... :........ .. .20.36 14
Wheat and Other Grains.
' WHEAT— Foreign ¦= futures ¦ were - oft again.
Chicago : was - %c • higher • on ¦ the day. . - A ; di
minishing ' demand -for milling , Wheat and
Flour is now reported from all over the | West.
This ,-: is ¦ in violent contrast - with ' the : urgent
demand for both which has .heretofore existed
f or r some. weeks: — . '¦*' '. -« > .' : ..
The Chicago letter, of E. F. Hutton A Co.
said : <¦'¦ ."The . selling pressure continues unim
portant. -Kansas City: and Minneapolis are re-:
porting fair • cash ' demand . and St. . Louis poor
demand. ? Broomhall cables reports . of disap
pointing yield in Australia and excessive rains:
in Argentina. It would. not seem as if rains
in Argentina . would . do much damage at this
stage of 'the = crop.' .The ¦ operative sentiment
among . professionals ' continues bullish and the
Btocks are ¦ not ; yet a sufficient : load -¦ to mate
rially^ handicap speculation. - Some « Northwest
advices indicate a ; falling : off In the .farmers';
deliveries. :. We regard the Argentine situation
as quite tho chief factor. Aside from. that our
domestic ¦ situation idoea not* seem . to us par
ticularly- Btrong.V- -• -. '•- % : ; : -Jj,
'In»thls; market" the cash: grain continues
weak,' ,but quotations were no lower. ; Buyers
continued to hold off. 'Futures were active and
about 5 lc - lower ¦ In .the ;. forenoon, 1- with • brisk ¦
liquidation In '; December, and considerable sell- :
ing pressure. ' . " '
CASH WHEAT.
: California ¦';. Club, ' '41 4601 62% ; California
White v- Australian, $1 5501 62%; Northern
Cl^b. $1 45«1 62% ; Northern ; Bluestem. $1 60
@1 62% per ctl. . •* > • r
. ',-.--, ¦¦-, ¦-:¦•¦- -FUTURES.
¦- Sewlon 8 to > 11 :30 a. m. .. - '.
- ' ; : ¦ Open. - -High. : ! Low." • > : Closs.'
December V. .$1-46% ; $1 46% , $1 46 >'i $1 46% .
May.........:l 48*4.-1 «% . 1 48%;- ; 148%;
!'i" • ; T.. . :-,2p.?m." Session '« . -¦.;'-;'" '.:•/
December— No sales; $146% bid, $1 46% asked.
M*y^V 49,y ~±Q'~: '.l--~J:'i , : ;""^^"-..; .?'?% (¦
. BARLEY— -Receipts * . were '. '. large, . : . being
16, 6315 ctls.i A TRe $ market * for : cash , Feed " was ',
easy.'twlth "' damp > lots ¦ affecting ¦ the situation.'
At the ) same 5 time i 2200 ' sacks of • bright . Feed :
brought'." $1 11%:- The % ruUng / price i for > g0 od '¦¦
\ No. - 1 ; Is ! $1' 10. < Futures were about 1 %o ; lower'
1 on " tbe s morning I session.' with Increased trad -
> Ing ' but recovered in \ the ¦ afternoon. .
'.-.-;:;"* ,,v;j cash; barley. -,;-,"_ .'..
V . Feed, - $l#l|U% ; : Brewing . : and ' . Shipping, '.
LOCAL 3 MARKETS.
The La Pahna Mining Company of Durango,
Mexico, has levied an assessment of 10c per
share, delinquent- November 18. -¦
The Pullman Company has declared a regu
lar quarterly dividend of $2 per share, pay
able . November 15. The annual report of this
company for the past fiscal year shows • the
largest profits*' in the history of the corpora
tion. ' Gross earnings from all sources were
$24,788,729. an- Increase of $1,688,016: " net
profits applicable to stock after all charges
Increased $743,906. The surplus applicable to
dividends was $9,661,601, or 13.0tt per ' cent,
earned on the $74,000,000 capital stock, against
12.72 per cent in 1903. .. .„'
. The Amalgamated Copper Company has de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of H.P*"
cent. - John D. Ryan, managing director of
this corporation; recently stated that the com
pany employs 14.000 men; pays every day more
than $50,000 in wages; last. year paid to rail
roads $3,700,000 for freight charges; paid last
year $390,000 In taxes on property assessed at
$19, 000, COO and that the mines use every year
60,000,000 feet of timber and 1.095,000 tons of
coal.
The New York and Honduras Rosarlo Min
ing Company has declared a regular dividend
of 1 per cent on the capital stock, payable
October 22. . ...
The Gas Consumers' Association paid a regu
lar monthly dividend of 10c per share, amount.
Ing to $50C0. yesterday.
The International Smokeless Powder Com
pany has declared a semi-annual dividend o{ 4
per cent on the , preferred stock, payable No
vember 15. • !
There was a marked decrease In trading In
local . stocks and bonds yesterday. Even the
Salmon and Gas stocks were quiet, compared
with the feverish excitement of the past few
days, though sales of Alaska Packers were
free. The »tock showed leas flnctuatlon," sell
ing within the range of $105©10«$ 50. Gas and
Electric sold at the single figure of $37 50.
Pacific States Telegraph and Telephone was 1
off again at $113. Otherwise there was noth
ing new on the Bond Exchange. • •
The oil and mining stocks were quiet, with
irregular prices for the Tonopahs, as will be
seen.
Sadden Falling Off in Business in Lo
cal Securities.
STOCK 3IARKET.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
¦ Wheat — •, • !¦ •', Dec. ' ' March.
Opening '. i.\...V.. V. 7 4% - 7 5%
Closing ....... .. . 7 4Vi » 7 5%
¦XiVj PARIS.
Wheat — , :¦ . Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 23 45 24 60
Closing 23 35 24 55
Flour — •
Opening 31 00 32 15
Closing 30 90 32 10
St. IiOiiis 'r. Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 21.— WOOL — Steady. Terri
tory and Weptern mediums, 21022c; fine me
dium, 17018c: fine! 10®10c.
London Hop Market.
LIVERPOOL. '.Oct.' 21.— HOPS— At . London
(Pacific Coast), Etrong; £8 5 8 to £9. ,' - : :
Northern- Wheat Market.
' OREGON. - '
PORTLAND. Oct.- 21.— Wheat for export-
Walla Walla, 82c; bluestem, 85c; valley, 85c
For Eastern markets— Walla Walla, 83c; blue
stem. 86c. r ' -
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 21.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem, 89%c;.club, 85%c.
MISCEMiAJTEOCS MARKETS.
Flour, qr sks... 7,696] Tallow, ctls .... 215
Wheat, ctts 140 Leather rolls ... 130
Barley, ctls 16,531 [Hides No 495
Oats ctls ...... 2.927; Pelts. No ....... 2O»
Corn' (West) ctls tOOj LJm«. bbls 364
Rye. ctls 432 Paper, reams .... 1,402
Potatoes, sks ... 4,18l| Wine, gals 25.2-V)
Onions, sks . 334, Brandy, gals .... - 95"
Shorts, sks 200 Broom Corn, bdls .13
Midflllngs. sks .. 300 Sugar, ctls 1,940
Hay, tons 560* Raisins, bxs .... 50ft
Hops bales 169 Quicksilver, flsks. 23
Wooll bales 517_
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. OCTOBER H
$1 12%@1 15; Chevalier. $1.17%@1 22% per
. FUTURES. '
Session 9 to 11 :30 a.m. ' •
Open. Til eh. Low. . Close.
December ...$1 08% $1 OSVi $1 08 $1 08%
May — No sales; $1 08% asked.
{.u2 p. >nx^ Session, '..iij. ,^;,,i I
*vnHlgh..his'E6W/'- 'Clc««.'
December ...$1 0S% $1 0S% $1 0S% ' $1 08%"
May ,1 C8% 1 08«i 1 08% \ 1 0S?i
'. OATS — The situation remains unchanged, but
the market for feed --descriptions lacks snap.
Dealers say that if they would reduce asking
prices 60c per ton a hea\-y business -would re
sult, but they refuse to make this concession.
The demand for choice seed continues good
White. $1 40@l 56%; Surprise, $1 50^1 60;
Red for feed, $1 32%@1 45 for No. 1 and
$1 22%@1 30 for No. 2; extra fine for seed,
$1 42%@1 60: Black. $1 30®l 35 for feed and
$1 60*11 65 for seed.
CORN — The market is quiet and as before
Quoted. A broker's wire from Chicago yester
day said: "If various authorities keep on
knocking off 50,000.000 from the Corn crop in
some surplus States every day or two they will
soon have the yield figured down to 2,000,
000,000 bushels. A Nebraska company, which
operates stations in Nebraska, wired yester
day that the Government report for that State
was 50,000.000 too high." , :
Western sacked. $1 4O@l 45 for Yellow, $1 45
for White and $1 40@l 42% for Mixed; Call
fornia large Yellow. $1 40®l 45; small round
do $1 55@1 62%: White, nominal; Egyptian.
$1'35®1 45 for White and $1 25®1 30 for
Browrfi ' ' - ' " .
RYE— $1 37%<S!1 42% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
« Flonr and, Millstuffst. .
During the past two or three days a sharp
falling off in the demand for Flour In the
Western States has been noted, and yesterday's
Chicago Record-Herald said: • "That there
was a halt in the demand for Flour .was con
firmed from all points. Kansas City advices
came in earliest, but were supplemented- later
by messages from Ohio, Indiana and the North,
west. The buying of Oregon and Washington
Wheat for shipment to Chicago and other Bast,
ern markets has ¦ ceased, the . roads being un
able to supply cars to handle It.- Jt is esti
mated that 12,000.000 to 15. 000, COO bushels
have thus far been brought East."
FLOUR — California Family Extras $4 809
5 10 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@3;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $4@4 SO
per bbl. ' - : .
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: ' Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal, $2 75; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $2 50; 'extra cream do, $3 60;
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats. $4; Hominy,
$:i 60@3 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour,' $3 60; Rolled Oats, bbls, $6 7S@7 50; in
sacks 14 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
The situation shows no change. Growing
green feed : keeps Feedstuffs and damp Hay
weak, . but : choice dry. Hay. Is in good demand
at full -figures.
BRAN— $19@20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $24@27 per ton.
SHORTS— $19@20 per ton.
I FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23 50024 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50(®32 50;
Jobbing.- $33; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23 : Corn
Meal. $30 50@31 60; t Cracked Corn. $31®32;
Mixed Feed. $22022 50: Horse Beans.' $3O@4O
per ton: * Broom. Corn Feed. 90c per ctl. - -
HAY— Wheat. $10015 50; Wheat and OaV
$10014 60; X)at. $9@13; Barley and Oat. $8
©12; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7010; stable $9
©11; stock. $5 50©7; Clover, $7010; . Alfalfa,
ag'S'W per ton.
: STRAW — 45®65c , per bale.
Beans . and : Seeds.
It is still la waiting . '. market in Beans, as
dealers are uncertain as to '.. the ; future ' effect
upon the market of the damp Beans now com
ing in. Some wet Pinks were reported sold
yesterday at $1 60@2 per- ctl.
BCANS— Bayos. $2 7503; Pea, :$3 10@3 25;
Butters - $2,75®3;" small White, $3 15@3 40;
large White. $2 4002 65- '•-¦Pink. $3 1003 30;
Red $4 25«4 50: Lima. $4 1504 30: Red Kid
neys. $4 5004 75; ;Blackeyes, $2 60@2 70 per
ctl: Horse Beans. $1 8502 40. =v
¦ 1 gEEDS — Brown Mustard,*" nominal: Yellow
Mustard $3 25: Flax. $202 75; Canary. 6%
©7c; .Alfalfa, 15%@16%c: - Rape. ¦¦ l%02%cl
Timothy.- 6%c;: Hemp. 3%®3%ci per lb; MUlet
2i4@3ViC: ''- Broom - Corn ; Seed,- $20021 per ton. ¦
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $202 25; new Green
Peas. $202 25 per ctl. .
- Potatoes, Onions and , Vegetables.- :
:The' Potato' market was- heavily, supplied and
weak , for ' river Burbanks . and ordinary \ offer
ings t of > the j Salinas '¦ article, > but ' strictly- fancy
Salinas were -.: in ¦ limited supply- and ' firmly
held ¦ a t i the " top ' quotation.": ¦•• Sweets : were : very
weak and prices had a '.further decline.' Seven
cars s of ,-' fresh -, stock ' came .' in and . the market
was <¦ overloaded ' with '¦- previous stock. > -r. Onions
were in light receipt and . ruled firm . at higher
prices.''- ¦-•¦'V- ¦ -'*,..-; ¦¦¦:¦'¦"-• : ¦:. ¦_. *¦¦• ¦-> "•
•1 - The « bulk i of : the day's receipts ; of : Tomatoes
arrived ¦ very - late '¦" and s choice . lots : = of fresh,
stock v brought * better prices daring „ the . early ;
trade 'but poor and old stock continued to drag
at ! Irregular - rates. Lima « Beans.;. Green ' Corn ¦
and Okra were firm, while the other, vegetables
were * generally 4 iimili ' 'n*'<iMii1H' "nWi"lls)i|iymi!
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. ¦ 50®
70c > per : ctl ; Salinas - Burbanks. . $101 35 - per
ctl : i Rlv er : Reds. 85c ; per ctl ; Sweet Potatoes.
75®S6ciper,ctI.-.^-.-.,-- . , : : ; - ; • •: : . r
ONIONS— $1 3501' 60 per . ctl. « - >
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. $101 26 v -'. per
¦sack; String Beans.* 2%®3c. per lb^Wax Beans.
2%0Sc J per.lb; < Lima- Beans. 1 4@6c > per ; lb; » To- i
matoes, 20060c I per ; box ; j Summer Squash; * 40#
60c per box;, Cabbage.-. 75c per ctl ;' Carrots.'-. 75c
per i sack ; | Cueumbers.-J 30040c .' per I box; | Garlic,
4%@4%c . per^ lb; -¦ Egg Plants 30@40c 'per box:;
Dried Peppers, ; nominal ; - Green 1 Okra, . 6Oc0$ I
York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 21.— There was a revival
of speculative excitement In Etocto to-day
There was some uncertainty in the^srly
1^2 «j»,^. aeCllllTely <*«**« yesterday's
late rally, bot as soon as thl» was seen to be
t.on The rtse was uneven, one point and th*n
another being arfected. but In Uie course ot
thP &££*?!!? .*"?* aeaUa S* Practically all
the Important stocks came In for their share
of the adrance. The tide cf the market was
ffsV 03 * ****¦ roo «n traders became very
oold in their operations, and dealt In practi
'*"{ unJimjted amounts of the violently active
r 2? e men * lon » of ™ch opersUons is
inclcated by the bid made during the epurt" in
PenapylvaBla for any part of 00.000 share*.
This k:na of trading is made on changes and
the trader is in the market many times cn
xr.t- movement, thus adding enormously to the
feKgrerate of the total dealings, without per
r.ayt oSectiruj any actual transfer of holdings
«t ail. Tlie belief that a contract for trans
fer of ccntrol ot Ontario and Western to New
Haven to toe made was the principal .Influence
in the market. The' renewed influence in
I'nion Pacific, after a period of hesitation
ar.d a more substantial basis in the connidera
tion of th» details of the annual report, was
r<--£S.rd<*1 as testifying to the extraordinary
prosperity end strength, of that system.--.lt
would be tedious to attempt to detail the day's
roovrmrritt;. as they embraced practically every
rail cf the- list. The- 'United States Steel
»tock» 1 shared at one time in the day's up.
mov«aent. but they were late in getting
s-tarted. and did not hold well. Amalgamated
Oipper was affected by disappointment that
the dividend had net been raUed on yester
day's declaration. The speculation was fos
tf.red by the extremely easy money market,
• .-•«-.'.• r.> being marked I down for both call
and time loans. The currency movement In
dicates but a trifling less in cash, and the
pain, which failed cf reflection on last week's
bank statement. Is locked for In to-morrow's
statement by the working cf the average sya
t<-m. The great volume of the room trading
read* the profit-taking in the la>i hour quite
bumTT- The result was an irregular move
nent during the final hour and eontfdleratole
curtailment of best prices, the leading West
ern frtocks losing practically all -of their gaina.
The closing, however, was about steady.
Bonds steady. Total sales, par value, $6,750,
«*. United States bends were unchanged on
calL
New York Stock List.
E. r. Hutton * Co.. 4S0 California street,
Saa Francisco, members ot ¦ the New Tork
Et&ck Exchange, furnish tbe following official
quotation* of that Exchange:
£e!es. j . Stocks— (HlghlLow.l Bid.! Ask.
(Adams Express..) 1235 (245
23.4C0 ; Am2ig Copper...] 64 % 63% Oi% «l
iAmer Caa Co C»4 6»4
Dopfd 48% 48H
l.OOOJAxner C & F Co. 2H% ,26% 26H 2C4g
100 Do pfd 85 S5 Mfc 85
|Amer Chide 101 105
"J Do pfd 90 93
lOB;Amer Cotton OH. 31 V4 31% 31 \ 32
! Do pfd 92 95
,. jAmer Dls Telg 26 27
100! Amer Ex 209 209 207 209%
TOOlAm Grass T Co.. 7% 714 7% 7%
.......IAm Hide & L 5% 6
100|. Do pfd 23 23 22 24
SOOlAmer Ice 8«4 8% *\i 8U
1.2OOJ Do pfd ZS% SS',4 38% 3S%
£ |Amer Linseed < 5H 6
) Do pfd 22 24
«,80rt ! Am Locomotive.. 29% 2S54 29% 29%
3.300: Do pfd 100 97% 99% 100
700JAmer Malt ty, S% 5U 5%
l.«00 Do pfd 23% 23V* 23% 23%
13,400 Amer 8 & R Co. €£% 67% 67% 68
2.5001 Do pfd 110% 109li 109»i 110
»,200!Amer Sugar .... 137% 136^, 13«>% 136V
2O0j Do pfd 135% 135% 135 136
SftOAm T & T Oo... 144 |141 144 145
100 Amer Tob pfd... 145% 1145% 144% 145%
400 Amer Woolen . . m« s 17 18 18U
Do prd 82 M%
700'Anaconda fi5 04 94 95
..... ..iAnn Arbor 30 32%
...... .i Do pfd 60 64
47,»00 ! A T A S Fe... 87 86% S«% 86%i
4.«00| Do pfd 1C2% 102 102% 1(K>2
14,100 Bait & Ohio 9««s 94% 95% 95%
lOOJ Do pfd /. 95^ o«%
jBay State Gas ir
43,70O^B. Vi. T. C3% 67% 6SH 68%
100 Brook Un Gas .. 227% 227% 226 228
100'Bruns p & I.. 6% 8% 8 8%
(Butterick Co 00% 61%
2.700'Canadlan Pac .. 133% 133% 1S3% lmi,
7.500JC&O 45% 44% 45% 45%
C & A 36 39
.......I Dopfd 80 85
..|C & E I pfd 130 150
C I & L pfd 80 90
8.700C & G W 22% 20« 21T4 22 .
| Do pfd "A" 61% C3U
2,400! Do pfd "B" ..33 32 Z2K 32t
100| Do debs ...... 85 85 81% 80%
2.400JC & N W ...... iai% 192 m :5 i 93 {?
SU.^00 C M & Bt P 1TJ% 171% 172 172U
100^ Dopfd ......184 184 183% 181%
129.40C.C R I & P (new) 31% 23% 31H 81%
12.100 Do pfd 74% 72% 74? 74%
.1 j Do 4's '. ..... ..... 77S4 r«
|Chl Terminal 7« |
l,600i Do pfd 16% 16 10 16%
OOO.Chlcago Cn Trac 7Vi 7 6 8
...... .' Do pfd I5«4 16
C C C t Bt L 64% 85%
.......I Dopfd 110 112- .
Cleve I<or * W. ..;.;..... 65 67
'¦ Do pfd . ; 97. 100
86,100 COla Fuel & Iron 41U 39>4 40% 40%
100 Do pfd ....... 65 65 60 70
Col Hock C & I. .'.... ..... 13« 14
8.200 Cclo Southern''.' 23% 22% 23 23«
200 Do 1st p/d.V'.J 55 55 , «4% 05
800 Do 2d,pfd..... SO 29% 23% 29%
11.900 Consolidated Gas 219% 218 - 218% 218%
1.300 COnt Tob Co pfd 125 125 124% 123
aoOJOorn Products .j 17% 17.' 17 17%
-200 . Do pfd . .. 76 .70^ .75 74 •
11.300!DeI & Hudson.. 177% 175% 1"6'4 176%'
4,0WiD-L tc W 295% 204^ 294 ]20og
EASTERN* 5IARKETS.
OMAHA. Oct. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1800; strong. Native steers, $4 25@6 40; cows
and heifers, $2 4003 60;. Western steers, $3©
4 65;. .Texas steers." $2 7503 <S5; ¦ range cows
and heifers. $2 25©3 25; . canners, $1 60®2 15:
sttckers and feeders. $2 2504: calves. $3 50®
6; bulls. and stags. $1 50@3 25. ..- . ,
HOGS— Receipts. 2600; steady. 5@10c higher.
Heavy. $5 05@5 20; mixed, $5®5 10: light,
$r» O. r >« 5 15; pigs, $ 4 25@4 . 75 ; bulk of sales.
$5 lO^r. 15. . •; "\ '. .
.-• SHt.i. > I >^Rec*itlts7 > 600!>ir "lOc'rhlgher. ' West
•err. yearlings. $3 65#4' 10; wethers. $3 4004 40:
ewes/- $3@S. SO;. -•common and stockers, $2 509
3 75; junbs.^$4 5005 25,
,'¦- . . "V Kansas, CItj. . •
KANSAS' CITY, ~ Oct. 21. Re- r^CATTLE—
ceipts, 4000; steady. Native "steers, $406 50;
¦native, cows and . heifers, $1 5004 50; ¦ stock
ers and feeders. $2 2.V&4 2Ti; bulls, $1 7503 25;
calves, $2 5006; Western steers, -$3@4 50;
Western cows. $1 5003 50.
HOGS — Receipt*. 400; market 5c hlsherl
Bulk of sales. $4. 7505 25; heavy, $52005 35;
packers. $505 25; pigs and lights, $4 6O@5 10.
SHEEP — Receipt*. 4000: strong. Muttons,
$3 2. r )(?.'I 90; lambs, $4 25®5 50; range wethers,
$3 25@4 10; ewes, $2 50@3 50; Utah lambs,
67 pounds, $5 60. '* '¦¦:
CHICAGO. Oct. 21.— CATTLE^Recelpts.
6C0O, including 1000 Westerns; steady. Good to
prime steers. $5 50@6 40; poor to medium,
.$¦> 5095 40; stockers and feeders, $204 ; cows,
$2 50@4 50; heifers, $2@5: calves. $30« 75;
Texas fed steers, $4 50^6; Western steers,
# $ G0@4.
HOGS— Receipts. 12.000; to-morrow, 12,000:
strong. Mixed and butchers', $4 75® 5 40; apod
to choice heavy. $5 15@5 45; rough hoivy,
$4 6005; light. $4 76@5 30; bulk of sales, $4 90
©5 25. . .
SHEEP — Receipts, ' 8000; strong.' Lambs,
steady; good . to choice wethers. $3 7504 50;
fair to choice mixed, $303 75; Western, sheep,
$3@4 25; native lambs; $3 60@5 85; Western
lambs. $1@5 65.; 7 •
Omaha. ¦)
Chicago.
CATTLE, SHESP AND HOGS.
CHICAGO. Oct. 21.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the -butter market was firm.
Creameries. 15@>21c; dairies, 13@18c. Eggs,
firm at mark, • cases included. 16%@18c; firsts.
lSVlc. Cheese, easier: 10V«@10%c.
Butl?r, Cheese nnd Egg*.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OIL' ta bulk.
13c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 19%c: Astral. l&Hc:
Star. 19%c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 26c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk,
16c; in cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk. 13c: tn
cases. 19%c; SB-degree Gasoline, la bulk. 25c;
In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — Sic par gallon ta cases and
75o in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7J40
7%e per lb; White Lead. 7K07%<!; aceordW
to quantity. ~
SUGAR — Tbe Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.23c ;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 8.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarsa.
6c; Fruit Granulated, flc: Beet Granulatad
(10O-Ib bags only). 5.90c; Confectioners' A. 6c:
Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C.
6.40c; "D," 5.30c; barrels, lOo more; halt
barrels. 23c more; boxes, 50c more; 50- lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels.
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c; H. St E. Crystal Domlnos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy- five barrels or Its equivalent.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 6c; Li meed. 53c per gallon for boiled and
51o for raw; Castor Oil. In oases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' A A. cases. $1 1001 12; Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut, cuca.
650SOc per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. la barrels.
58c for Ceylon snd 55c for Australian: extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 87c; natural Whale Otl. 52c:. extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65o:
pure N eats foot Oil. 73o; Na 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Otl. 42c: dark Herring QU.
40c; Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw
Fish Otl 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
BAGS — drain Bags.* $305 25; Stan Quantin.
$4 50; Wool Bags 30032c; Fleece Twine. 7%c:
Fruit Bags. 6%07%c for white snd 7a tor
brown • Jute ' - . . - .
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton: New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $« 50:
Beaver Hill, $5 50: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Richmond. $7 SO; Cumberland. $13 in
bulk and $14 23 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, $14; Welsh Anthraclta Egg. $13 v.
Welsh Lump $11 50; Cannel. $9 p«r ton; Coke.:
$11 50013 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 50 per short
ton . . , . .
General Merchandise.
Decidnous and Citrus Fruits.
A carload of fancy Colorado Apples of the
York Imperial variety, a new variety in this
market, was placed on sale. They were of good
quality and highly colored and met with a.
good demand at $1 60 per box. Four carloads
of fancy Oregon stock are rolling this way
and are expected to-day. The market for local
.Apples was reported in good shape, with trade
active, particularly in fancy stock, and occa
sional sales of some varieties were reported
at a slight premium. - There were no Bartlett
Pears or reaches offering, and as there are no
more expected tbe quotations are withdrawn.
Figs were in limited supply and firm. Sonoma
stock selling at 90c6$l per box and offering*
from other sections at C0i{j75c. ~ Table Grapes
were steady under a fair demand for local
use and shipping. Open boxes were In limited
supply and firm, but prices still had a wide
range as to variety and size of package. Large
boxes from Martinez sold up to SI 75 for Mus.
; cat and (1 50 for Cornlchon while the top for
; other varieties was fl 25. ¦ Wine Grapes were
in good request and available supplies of good
stock cleaned up quickly at good prices. Some
low-grade offerings of table Grapes were sold
for wine at $12@15 per ton. Receipts of Rasp,
berries and the Cheney variety of Strawberries
came to hand late and had to be held over.
Early arrivals of Strawberries cleaned up
readily. It 1* believed that there will be a
scarcity of Cranberries after the old stock,
which is now lying around the market, has
been cleaned up. Additional supplies of the
Cape Cod article are rolling this way and fall
due during the first week of November. Present
Indications are that the opening price for these '
will be $9 75 per barrel. '¦ . •
STRAWBERRIES— $12 per chest for Long
'worths. $1 60@3 for Malindas and for
Cheneys. ¦ - ¦ - ¦- „ - ' -. ',"'-
RASPBERRIES per chest. '
HUCKLEBERRIES— «@9c per lb.
: CRANBERRIES— $1 50<g2 25 per box . for
Coos Bay and $7 50®3 for.'Cape Cod. ¦ - ¦-.¦¦¦
APPLES^-$1@1 28 for fancy, 75®90c for
choice and 40>1j65c for common, i
PEARS— Winter Nellls. $1$1 25 per box;
cooking • varieties. 35@tS0c per box. -,-.•*•
PEACHES— 75® 90c per box.
PLUMS — 80<6«!5c per ¦ box or crate
PERSIMMONS — 50@85o per box.
POME0JRANATES — *0@«0c for small and
$1@1 75 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 25@40c per box.
F'lGS— 60c<S$l per box.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, nominal; Nutmeg
Melons. 20<j?50c per box; Watermelons. $102
per dozen. • ¦ ..-,....
GRAPES — Table varieties. 50@75c for
crates. 2C.<J35c for small boxes and 85c@$l 73
for open boxes: Wine Grapes. $16^23 per ton
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, $3@4 per
box for .Valencias; Lemons, $2 6003 for
fancy. $1 75@2 25 for choice snd $1 25©1 80
for standards; Grape Fruit, $2 50t&3; Mexi
can Limes. $4@4 50 per case; Bananas $203
per bunch for Central American and T5c©*2
for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $1 75@2 25 p«r
dozen. -
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
Local brokers continue to report Increasing
firmness in most sizes of Prunes, though the
Improvement is slow. The large and small
sizes meet with most attention, and the mid
dle sizes arc still quiet. But the depression
which has heretofore marked the Prune mar
ket seems to be passing away.* The other
fruits, though firm, are quiet, as stocks have
run f o low that there Is hardly anything for
buyers to work ' on.
Honey continues quiet, with free stocks of
Nevada on the market, as already mentioned
' FRUITS — New crop— Apricots. . ~% ®ioc for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
6@7%c for White and 6©6Vic for Red:
Peaches. 6%SS%e per lb; Pears, 7©12c
Plums, pitted. 6@6%c for black. 8#8%o
for red and 7@8%c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks. 60c; 3-crown. 55c; 4-crown, 60c* 8
crown. 65c; bulk white. 2%©3c; black, 3Ut
Evaporated Apples. 5%@7c per lb.
PRUNES— l*i@l%c per lb for the four sizes
and 2V4c basts for the large' sizes -
• RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. . b. Fresno— Im
perial clusters. $2 25422 B0; Deheaa ft 85622-
London Layers. 80c@$l; Loose Muscatels *l
crown, 4@4%c; 3-crown. 3%33?*c; 2-crown.
3©3%C: Seedless. 2%©2%c; Floated, 3c; See£
ed, 4@5%c; Thompson's Seedless. 4%o; Seed
iess Sultanas. 3% S3 %c per.lb.
JCUTS— New Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12a
12V^c: No. 2. 10@10%c; No. 1 hardshell 12c-
No. 2 10c; Almonds.- Ifi0i7c for Nonparials
14@14%c for I X L. 13@14c tor Ne Plus Ultra
and lie for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6©7c for
Eastern; Pecans. 11013c: Cocoanuts. $4 B0O5
. Chestnuts 10015c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. ll%@13c for white and 10a
lie for amber; water white extracted, SHO
6c; light amber extracted. 6@5%c; dark. Su
4%e '. - -^3 ,-.
BEESWAX— 27C29c per lb.
Provisions.
There', Is a local war on in Hams. Bacon
and Lard, • and two or three heavy Chicago
houses are doing some fierce cutting. Some
dealers reported yesterday that they were of
fered Eastern Hams at 124c. Prices for -all
three descriptions are lower and Hams are
now selling below cost of importation. That
tbe war is purely local is shown by the fol
lowing wire -from Chicago yesterday: "The
market is showing more - steadiness in pro
visions at present range; there is less pressure
from outside liquidation 'and the packing in
terests geem^' '.rosed to support the market."
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie pep lb for
heavy, lie for -light medium. 13%c for light,
14@l4U.c- for extra light and 15c for sugar
cured; dry Salt 7* Sides, - 10c;- Bellies, lie;
Eustern -' sugar-cured ' Hams, 13c; Califor
nia • H ams. ' 12 H c : Mess Beef. $10O10 60 per
bbl: extra Mess. $10 50011; Family, $12012 30;
prime Mess ¦-•Pork. $14 50;' extra "clear. $23:
Mess, $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 10% c; Pig pork
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14o per lb. *
¦ . LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California. compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and 9@9%c< for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9K10
9%c; 10-lb Una. lOUc; 5-lb tins. 10%c- 3-lb
tins, 10%c. - -j,M-f \\i ani'qjHiaiiii
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, S%e- three
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8*»c; two tierces
8%c: five tierces. 8%cpe»-lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about ;%@lc under quotations. . Heavy salted
, Steers, 10%c; medium. 9%c* light . 9c; Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 9c-Tor . Hg'ht ; - Stags,
7c; Salted Kip." 10c; Salted Veal, lie: Salted
Calf. U%c; dry Hides. 16%©17c; dry Kip 13®
14c; dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings 250
40c each ; . short Wool. " 40«C5c each : medium.
75®9Oc; long WooU $101 50/ Horse Hides!
salt." $2 75; for large and $202 50 for mMlum'
r $1 50®2 for email and . 60c '. for Colts ; . Horse
iUdes. dry, $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. $1 for : small and 50c for Colts
Buck ¦ Skins— Dry • Mexican, . 30c: -dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 30c- Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras. ;75c; extra large do.
$1 25: large." 60c; medium.- 35c; small 20c..
> TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 404%o .par lb-
No. 2. 3%c: Grease. 2%©3c. . ZT "'
WOOL — Fall cttp— San Joaquin and South
ern. 9011c; ; Southern. 8®9c: Southern J Moun
tain, 9©llc: Middle Counties,- free, 12©Uc;
do. defective. : 10<gl2c; Northern free. - 12014c*
do. defective. , 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino > 14@15c- per lb. . "¦¦-- •:. .
HOPS— 1904 crop. 26031c per lb.
Meat Market.
There are a good many, large rough _ range
Calves coming in now. from Arizona, but other
wise there Is nothing : new. v Prices • for all de-
CHICAGO, Oct. 21.— Cash quotations were
as follows: • Flour, firm; = No. 2 spring wheat,
$11291 17:. No. 8, $1060115; No. 2 red, $117
CH1S%; No. 2 corn. 63c; No.' 2 yellow, 65%c;
No. 2 oats, 2» 1 ,4c; No. 2 white, 31@31%c; No.
8 .white. 28%@81c; No. 2 rye, 78%c; good
feeding barley. 36®37c; fair, to choice malt-
Ing, 4S@52c: No. 1 flax seed. $1 10; No. 1
Northwestern, Jl 16; ' prime ' timothy seed,
$2 60; mesa pork, per bbl. $11@U 10;' lard,
per 100 lbs, $7 30@7 32%; short-rib sides
(loose), $7 25^7 37%c; . short clear sides
(boxed), $7 37%@7 62%; whUky, basis of high
wines, $1 25;, clover, contract grade, $12 25. • ,
Articlen — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ........ 19.900 12,200
Wheats bushels 87.000 239.200
Corn, bushels ......117,700 190.800
Oats, bushels ..168,400 156,500
Rye, bushels ;....... 14,200 . 3,700
Barley, bushels ...75,500 34,900
Cash Grain and Provisions.
STOCKS— Stock continue to have a big,
broad market. There Is some hesitation on
the present leaders Ilka Et»el. for Instance but
tiiere is marked strength in many others." The
Mg trade doubtless Indicates a good deal of
profit-taking, but tone Is strong and the ten
,. CT .^ n .•-d.ywttin* one. We have been per
sittently bulling Mocks for a lopg time and
<2urtr.g that time the market has had a' good
»u5van.ce. In looking at the other side of It.
however, we can sea nothing attractive and
r.ochances for mora than a temporary weak
n»^s. Ccr-Fldering the money market and the
tendency of ttae business situation stock* are
not high. They will probably go higher before
? h ZF*? inK lh ' week ovn Practically
the whole South the conditions have continued
Tavorable for gathering the crop. In the
Fouthwest rain has, fallen in some districts,
but the precipitation has as a rule been light!
and efsMtor* dry weather has been quite gen.
*»r2rk M Yi CU £* h ?l^ lad * exceIIe ot progress and
marketing- ha« been quite liberal. The mar
kf t to-day was nnder bearish pressure and
after a rather unexpected firm opening fol
lowing « Liverpool market, the bears started
in to haiame r prices. The bearish Influences
continue to be the absence of any killing
frost, the continued heavy morement aj T Indi
cted by receipts at ports and the bearish "si
~Vf if «* cotton bright into .iVht"
(Sfl h5JI,^5S r and B«». **• former'.
V 1 *>?'"£ 5C5.000 bales, compared with 444.187
IE!!! *" *'***¦ Bus " rrs *» hrtdtesToff and
there is not only an absence of way bullleh
confidence, but pealmltt. appear to have con
b^fv f—it^.nS t», Prt " S 1 whIch 'Pinner, will
l^\ DSST -- --TcattL-n
U a good deal of Ulk among manufacturers
cf opening the mills on- November lSSTlt
now arpeare In the last two or three davs
cfthe JU. eC!liOa * "*<*£ S re the d e a n r d 8
Stocks and Cotton.
The New York wires of E. F. Hntton ft Co.
yestrrcav said:
LAMBS — $2 5O@2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hoga 140 to 200 lbs. 4%c:
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c;' 130 lbs and under. 4%e:
over 250 lbs. 4%c; soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars. 60 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent oft from above quota
tions.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40U
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7Vi@7%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 5%06%c: thin Cows 4®5o per lb. ,
CALVES^ — ««4V,c per lb (gross weighO.
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%93%c; Ewes. 3O3K»
per lb (ktoss weight). • ¦ '
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . -
BEEF— 607c for Steers and 435c per . lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large «%©7%c; small. TC»c J** '»-
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©7%c; Ewes. «®7c per
pound.
LAMB— 899o per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. CQSc per 1*.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
scrlptions show no change. A dispatch from
Chicago yesterday said:
'The Livestock World asks. "Whence ceuaes
the Hogs so suddenly and with such a rush?"
They have come from hogless solitudes in mul
titudes Wh«re a few weeks ago credible- re
ports declared no Hoga existed, swarms have
materialised. When th« country Is said to
be bare of Hogs look out. .but-' some reaaon
must be assigned for this rush. ; The poor
quality is slgnflcant. Why are growers so
anxious to cash in their pordne possessions so
suddenly? One reason assigned Is that cattle
feeding operations will be little and conse
quently comparatively few Hogs will be re
quired for feed lot operations." . -. ; •
The weakness in Butter continues and the
pressure to sell among some houses Is acute.
Fine creamery was freely offered yesterday at
28c. and. some was offered as low as 27%c.
At the same time other houses reported -that
they could get 29c for their choicest goods.
Tbe extreme depression was In the medium and
lower grades, which were offered freely at
22%@23c, and even lower In some Instances.
Owing to the early rains the old feed has been
destroyed . and the cows are , now feeding on
the new green grass, which Is soft and full
of water, hence the Butter is now running
soft and without firm consistency and does
not. keep. Consequently nobody wants to hold
it. Another cause of, weakness is the excessive
dullness In trade already mentioned.
Eggs are doing better. Fine fresh ramh
are cleaned up and getting scarce, while the
demand is brisk. There Is no further change
in Cheese.
Receipts were 27,500 lbs Butter. 545 cases'
Eggs and 50C0 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 27%@29c
for 'extras and 20@26c for lower to medium
grades; dairy. l'0*"J4c; cold storage. 21c; store
Butter. 17®20c; Eastern 1-lb squares, 26c;
Eastern cubes, 22@23c; Eastern ladle-packed,
15@16c. • ¦ k - '
CHEESE— 11 %@12%c for choice mild new
and 9@10c for old; cold storage. 10%@llc;
Young Americas. ll%@12c; Eastern. 10<gl5c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 40@41 for large white se
lected. 37%@39c for good to choice and 35O36c
for common; cold storage, 27%@30c; store,
nominal; Eastern, 25&28c for choice, 23®23c
for standards and 21@22c for seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eprgs.
Atchison S9V& Ont & "Western... 42*,
Do pfd -\.1(M% Pennsylvania .... 70%
Halt & Ohio 97% Rand Mines ..... 10%
Can Paclflo .....137% Reading 39H
Ches & Ohio 46Vj Do 1st pfd..... 45 .
Chi Great West.. 22% Do 2d pfd...... 41%
Chi. Mil & St P. 17694 So Railway ..... 35£
De Beers Y 17% Dopfd ........ 88 >¦ -.
Ben & Rio O 81% 60 Pacific ....... C3%
Do pfd 85U Union Paciflo ....110
Erie ............ 37H Do pfd 97%
Do 1st pfd 74% U S Steel.. 21%
Do 2d pfd 51% Dopfd 83%.
Ill Central 149 Wabash ......... 22%
Louis & Nash.... 189U Do pfd ........ 45
M. K & Texas... 31% Spanish 4s ....... 87
Bar silver— Steady, 26%d per! ounce. '-•."<
Mon«y — J@l% per cent. \ ¦ ¦ • " \
The rate of discount in the open, market for
short bills is 2% per cent - and , for three
months' bills 2%92\j per cent. .
Bank Clearings.
The following table, compiled . by Brads treat,
shows the bank clearings, at the principal cities
for the week ended October 20, with the per*
centage of increase and decrease as ¦ com
pared with the corresponding week last year:
• • ¦ . i Per Cent
City — *'% Inc. Deo.
New York 11,806,463.174 8B.0
Chicago 187,631.635 .7 ' ....
Boston ....-.; 143,103,021 9.4 ....
Philadelphia 133,041,890 22.3 .....
St. Louis 61,035,662 21.6 ....
PltUburg 84,031,778 1.0
San Francisco ... 34,805,960 ' 15. 9 ....
Baltimore 26,893,430 5.5 ....
Cincinnati ....... 22,609,900 1.7 '"....¦
Kaneas City .... 23,607,040 .... 10.6
New Orleans .... 10,010,403 .... 9.5
Cleveland 13,864.041 13.6
Minneapolis 22,227,736 12.6 ....
Detroit 10,006,180 4.6 .
Louisville 11.378,881 15.9
Omaha 8.512.605 4.1 ....
Milwaukee 7,617,581 ¦ .... 16:8
Providence 10, 600,600 , . ... 6.9
Buffalo 6,682,788 1.5
Indianapolis 6,493,463 • 10.6 ....
St Paul 6,804,335 .8 ....
Los Angeles 6,484.030 5.1 '
St. Joseph 4,291,028 8.9
Denver. Colo. .. '6,402,164 ....
Columbus • 4,675.500 " 8.7 ¦"".-";...
Memphis 7.007,120 25.4 i ....
Seattle 4,999,890 8.4. ....
Richmond ....... 4.948.439 21.7 ....
Washington 4,371.537 18.9 . ...
Savannah 6,532,460 4.8 ....
Albany 4,429,708 17.9 ....
Portland, Ore. ... 4,778,666 23.3
Fort Worth 4,099,344 38.3
Toledo, O 3,180,232 7.9
Bait Lake City .. 3,687.569 15.1 ....
Peoria 8.228.707 1.1 ....
Atlanta 4,0S»,269 17.1 ....
Rochester . 8.178,400 22.9 ....
Hartford 2,689,034 , 10.3
Nashville 2,801,203 • 14.4 ....
Des Molnes ..... 2,170,384 1:5
Spokane, Wash .. 2.778,555 12.8 ....
Tacoma 2,045,805 39.4 ....
Grand Rapide l,&S2.03:i 4.3
New Haven 1,874.722 6.7 .....
Dayton- . 1,626, 4<J5 16.7
Norfolk - 2,127,701 10.6 ....
Springfl«ld, Mass . 1,676.804. 16.8 ' ....
Worcester 1,643,409 8.0 ....'
Portland, Me .... 1.974,647 26.0 .....
Augusta. Ga .... ¦ 2.254,728 .... 11.2
Topeka .1,046,770 36.6
Sioux City 1,435.767 5.5 -.
Syracuse 1,404,626 14.0 ....
Evansville 1,262.659 .... 10.4
Birmingham 1,650,707 46.9
¦Wilmington. Dei.. 1,037,780 .... 18.8
Knox\-llle 1,249,364 28.8
Davenport 806,581 .... 20.5
Little Rock 1,209,650 14.6 ....
Wllkesbarre 878,357 .... 16.4
Kail River 370,904 .... 24.6
Macon 622.656 20.8
Wheeling, W. Va. 837.923 11.6 ....
Wichita 1,029,078 48.1 ....
Akron 546.500 .... "26.5
Chattanooga 796,037 ..13.2. ....
Springfield. HI 784,831 .... 2.1
Kalamazoo, Mich. 785,600 20.6 • ;...
Youngstown ..... 509,429 21.7
Helera v 651.734 10.0
Lexlrgton ' • 602.877 .... 11.4
Fargo, N. D 678,123 9.8 ....
New Bedford 628.-S79 ,9.6
Canton, Ohio .... » 442.900 18.6
Jacksonville. Fla. 822,260 - 5.4 ...:
Lowell 627,826 .... 7.3
Chester. Pa 30S.608 .... 8.3
Grcensburg. Pa... 447,834 4.9
Rcckford. Ill ." .472.737 .-... *17.2
Binghnmton 442,000, .... ' -.9
Sprlnglleld. Ohio.. -380,810 ....'¦ ¦ 7".6
Bloomington, m ..... 403.3(57 .. 11*0... .'..L'
Quincy, 111 292,870 30. o
Sioux Fallr. 8. D. 317,764, S.3 ;...';
Mansfield, Ohio... 197,330 ..... ' B.2
Decatur.. Ill -278,626 .... 6.1
Jacksonville. 111... 276.508 13.4
Fremont, Neb.... ' 163.558. 15.1 .
•Houston 18.533,992' .... 4.6
•Galveston 12.S05.000 4.9 ....
Charleston. S. C. 1,759,3«1 . 2417
TGuthrle. Okla .... ,475,908 ...... ..;.
Totals. U. S....*2.750.256.357 34.5 ....
Outside N. Y... 043.793;183 6.9 : ....
CANADA.
Montreal 24,497.232 ..... 4.0
Toronto 19.320,254 8.9 ....
Winnipeg B.678,056 2.9 ....
Ottawa 2.407,014 .... 6.1
Halifax 1.866,361 6.3 ..:.
Quebec 1.641.4«4 .... 19.8
Vancouver. B. C. 1,704,924 1.2 v ....
Hamilton 1,235,017 4.2
London, Ont... ... 910,205 6.9
St. John, N. B 1.110.CS0 4.1
Victoria, B. C 747.443 12.5 ...;
Totals,- Canada. $62,348,550 .... ....
*Not included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
{Not included in totals because of no com
parison for last year.
• Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows : Avail
able cash balances, $147,836,430; gold. $76.
032.153. -
New York Cotton Market
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Cotton futures
closed steady at a net decline of 6(310 points.
Xew York Grain- and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
4400 barrels; exports, 16,000 barrels; sales, 2900
p&ckages. Market very dull, but firmly held.
WHEAT— Receipts, 0200 bushels; sales, 4.
700,000 bushels of futures. Spot, firm; No". 2
red, $1 22% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. *1 26%; No. 1 hard Manitoba, $1 08
f. o. .b. afloat. ' ¦
Options opened easy because of lower cables.
After ruling irregular for a time the market
Orally turned strong on bull support. Decem
ber manipulation, increased Northwest cash
demand and a scare of shorts, closing %c net
higher. May closed at (1 15; July at |1 04%;
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR — Raw, steady: fair refining, 3% c;
centrifugal, 90 test, 4%o; molasses sugar,
3%c. Refined is quiet
' COFFEE — The | market for coffee, futures
closed steady at unchanged prices' to a de
cline of 5 points. Sales, 40,250 bags,, includ
ing November, 6.85c; December, % 6.05c; ¦: Jan
uarj'. 7.05c; .March. 7.20@7.25c; May. 7.40®
t.45c; September, 7.70c, Spot Rio, arm; No. 7
Invoice, 8%c; mild. Quiet.-
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is a
shade firmer for both " spot and . future deliv
eries. Demand seems to be Improving slightly
and offerings are less liberal. Common are
quoted at 4@4%c; prime. 4%O5c; choice, u@
0%c; fancy, 6^7c . ¦¦= .. .
PRUNES — Are said to be . firmer . on . the
Ccast, owing to - an ¦; apparent scarcity of cer
tain desirable _ sires. Spot quotations range
from 2c to- 5 %c, .according to grade. -
APRICOTS — Are dull, , but •• supplies ' being
small, holders are confident. Choice. 9%c; ex
tra choice, 10U@10%c; fancy.- 11 @13c \, -,. .-..,'•
PEACHES^-Steady; extra choice. 8@9e; fan
cy. o%@ioc. ¦- -. ,: .-- .
New York Metal Market.C
NEW YORK." Oct. 21. — The .London market
for tin was lower, spot closing at >£ 131 10s and
futures at I £130 6s. • Locally • the ¦ market I was
more 1 or -less unsettled. ''Trade, was. reported
slow and some dealers were "quoting $28 50
while other markets • ranged, from $28 65 to
Copper was unchanged to a little higher in
London, spot being at £60 6s Id and futures
K at £60 6a 3d. Locally tbe market - was - un
changed. Lake.'* $13 I2%@13 37%; electrolytic;
$13@13 25r casting, $12 87%®13. „ , ,,
l>ead was unchanged at £12 6s 3d In London.
Locally tho market appears to be In somewhat
the same position, as regards quotations,* with
certain dealers holding ; ; their . prices u around
$4 20, while others are asking . as high as
$4 87%: The - quotations . of the : metal were
unchanged. '- ¦¦ ¦*.. ¦ ¦ ¦-'¦<i : ..' : -- .---••¦';•:-..¦-.¦ . .
i Spelter was. unchanged at $5 2505 30; In the
local market and at £23 3s 6d in London.
- Iron closed at 60s Od in Glasgow , and . 43s
10%d in Middlesboro. Locally Iron was steady
at the recent , gains. No. 1 - foundry : 'Northern
is $14 75©16 25: No: 2 do, $14 25©14 75;'_No;
1 . Southern and No.*: 1 do soft, $14 50®15. • .-,;•; ¦
Wall 6treet stocks buoyant, vritli a
heavy business. Cotton lower.
Jjcss excitement In local Gas and Sal
mon shares.
.Silver and Exchange about as -before
cuotod.
Diminishing demand for Wheat and
Hour In the West.
llarlcy. Oats and Corn about as be
fore.
Cheap Hay and FeedstalTs weak.
Beans quiet.
I^Matoes still in heavy 6upply and
weak. Onions higher. - . ¦
Game weak and coming in tainted.
Poultry weak and dulL
Fresh Fruits in good supply and fair
demand. lj-':T>
J^nine market slowly Improving. Ne
vada Honey plentiful.
Fierce local cutting in Hams, Bacon
and Lard.
Oat Up, Sheep and Hogs not materially
changed.
Butter plentiful and extremely weak.
Eggs scarcer and higher.
SU3IMARY OP TILE MARKEHS.
1.200JD &/ R G Z\K\ 30% 31 I 81U
,t°°.'? e " M * Ft-D. 25 S5 25 26
Un Ry.. 75% 74% 74% 75
100 Detroit Southern 4% 4%4% 4%
«C0 Do pfd .-. 7H T% 7% 7%
Diamond Match 135 130
5,100iDistil SecuriUes. 34 33 34 34%
Do Bonds 73 73%
600 Duluth S S & A 12% 12% 12% 12%
5O0 Do pfd 20% 20 18% 20
125.0OOjErie 37% 36% 37»* 37%
<,900 Do 1st pfd.... 73% 72% 72% 73
4.U0O Do 2d prd 52 BOH 51% 51%
E & T H. ..I: 68 60
Do pfd 75 85
....... General Chem 48 65
Do pfd 94 96
200 General Electric 177 . 176% 177 177%
Gt North pfd..... 187% 192
9,650 Green Cons Cop. 20«4 20% 20% 20%
Havana Tob Co 28 30
Do pfd 37 41
Hocking Valley 82% 82%
200 Do pfd 80 90 89 89%
1.S00 Illinois Central . 145 144% 144% 145
700 Internatl Paper. 18% 18 17% 17%
1,000 Do pfd 78 77% 77% 78
SOOilnternatl Power. 63% 63% 62% 63
.. . Interna-tl Pump 87% 88 •
Do pfd 79 80%
2,700 Iowa Central .. Ti 28% 28% 29
8,200 Do pfd 60% 49% 60 , 60%
Kanawha & M 36 87
500 KC FtS & M pfd 79% 79% 79% 80
2.200 K C Southern.. 28% 27% 28 28%
1,600 Do pfd 60% 49}* 50 60%
300 Keokuk & D M. 178% 173*, 173% 178%
Laclede Gas pfd. 82 100
200 Lake E 6c W. . . 85 85 84 85
....... . Do pfd P6 105
100 Long Island .... 59% 59% S3 60 •
12,700 L & N . 137 135% 138 136%
12.100'Manhattan 162 158% 161% 161%
(Manhattan Beach 161% 161%
24,900 Metropol Secur .. 88 86% 86% 87
IMetrOpol St Ry. 130% 126% 129% 128%
21,600 Mexican Central . 17% 16% 17 17%
Minn & St L 60% 60%
Dc 1st pfd 96 83
500 M 6tP&3 8 M.I 82% 82 82 82%
Do pfd 133% 134
15,000 Mo. Kans & Tex. 31% 29% 30% 30%
23.000! Do pfd 69% 67 58% 69
18,600|MI«Eouri Pacific . 105 104% 104% 104%
Nash, C & St L 184 186
6,600 National Lead .. 25% 24% 24% 25%
.1 Do pfd 46% 47
|NRR of Mex pfd 41% 41%
100 National Biscuit. 49% 49% 48 49%
Do pfd 110 112
100 N J Central .... 184% 184% 183 185
N Y Air Brake 137 13T}4
«.500 N* T Central ... 135 131% 134% 135
2,600 N Y C & St L.. 38 34% 37 38
Do 1st Dfd 110 ' 116
I Do 2d pfd 65 69
[N Y Dock 67 69
200!N Y N H & Hart 199 193 197% 198%
225,400|N Y One & W .. 44% 40% 42% 43
«,000 Norfolk & West . 73% 73 72% 73
Do pfd 90 85
400|No American .. 97 96% 96 86%
Northern Secur 115% 115%
Omaha 140 160
Do pfd 185 105
O S L 4s 9!) 99%
Pacific Coast 68 70
I Do 1st pfd 95 105
Do 2d prd 77 78%
8.900 Pacific Mail .... 40% 39 39% 40
12«,400 Penn R R Co . . 137% 136% 136% 136%
38,400 People's Gas 109% 107% 109 109%
IPcre Marq pfd 72 72%
300 P C C & St L.. 74 74 74 77
........ Do prd 103% 105
1«.1OO Pressed Steel C. 40% 38 38% 3R%
1,000 Do pfd 81% 81 81}4 82
Pullman Car Co 226 230
200 Ry Steel Spgs Co. 26 25% 25% 26%
300 Do pfd R6% S6% R6% 86%
leS.OOO! Reading 77% T6% 77% 77%
• 200] Do 1st pfd ... R8% 88% 88 88U
800 Do 2d pfd 82 80 79% 81%
200 Republic S & I.J 12% 12 12 12%
70OI Do pfd '. .1 52V> 52 Vi 62% 52%
2,O00jRubber Goods . . 29% 2S 27% 28
200 Do pfd 84 S3 85 86
500 Sloes S S & I Co. 46 45% 46 46%
Do pfd 92% 97
StJ&GI.. 1 13% U
Do 1st pfd 51 55
Do 2d pfd 251,4 27
S L&S F 1st pfd I. 73«4 "4%
l,5OO( Do 2d pfd 63 J 62% «2% «3
1.200!St L & SW 23 I 22 22% 22%
2,1001 Do pfd 60 49 49% 49%
29.000'Scuthern Pac ... C2% 61% »32 62%
I Do pfd 116% llfi%
49,!W0[Southern Ry.... 83% 34% 35% 35%
4001 Do pfd 95% 95% 95% 95%
... 'Standard Oil ...044 649
IPtand R & T... 1% ....".
S.OOOITenn C &' I..... 57% 56% 56% 57
!Tex Pac L T Co 30 31
7.R0O:Texas Pac 35% 34% 35% S5*,
1.40OiThlrd Ave 1?3 111 113 113%
.SOOTol Ry & T Co.. 27% 27 26% .10
l.SOOTol St L & W.. 32 31 • .",1% 32 .
4.I00I Do pfd . . 51% 49% 51 51%
400|Twin City R T. 103% 103 103 103%
300 Cn Bag & Pap. 7%l 7% 7% 8
• 100} Do pfd 6R 68 62 65
102,400 Union Pac . l<*^line% 1«7% 107%
200 .Do. pfd 95 95 05 95%
Do Conv 4's 109% 109%
United ' Copper 5 ' 1
.TCO'Un Rd* of SF.. 16% 16 16% 16%
l.eOOJ Do pfd C2 61% Cl 02
.- .. Do 4's 81% 81%
!U S Cast Iron P 13% 14
400| D-» pfd 64 63% 63% (H
lOf>!u S Kxpress... 117 117 117 11R%
2O.1OO1U S Leather 13% 13 J3% 13%
1,400! Do pfd 92 91% 91% 92
U S R & C 63% 64
Do pfd 80
WOO S Rubber.... 29% 28% 2!)% 29%
4^! Do pfd R4 83 83% 84%
5.-..WKMU S Steel Cor.. 21 V. 20% 20% 20%
75,100! Do pfd 82% 80% 81% 81%
4,9CKj;Va-Car Chem Co .16% 35 30 36%
4.500! Do pfd 110% lOSVi 1C!>% 110%
S.COOiWabash 22% 21% 22 22%:
<HK>! Do pfd 44% 43% 43% 44
I Do deb B'i C6% 67%
\ ..jWells Fargo Ex 237 244
300'iWestern Union.. 92 91% 91% 92
1.200!Westlnghouse ... 172% 172 171% 172
I Do 1st pfd 185 190
7,'O0;W & L E 20% 19 20 20%
1.3001 Do 1st pfd 47% 46 47% 47%
1.4001 Do 2d pfd 28% 27 27% 28
2,C00!Wis Central ... 23 22 22% 22%
l f tt0OJ Do pfd 46% 45% 45% 46%
1,925,300 total shares sold. •
New Tork Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg..l04%lL «: N unifled 4s. 102-
Do coupon 104% I Man con gold 4s. 105%
Do 3s reg 104%|Mex Central *s... 74
Do coupon... -.105% j Do 1st inc....* 22
Do new 4s reg.l30%|Minn & St L 4s. 94%
Do coupon 131-% M. K & Texas 4s. 102%
Do old 4s reg.106%1 Do 2ds ...85%
Do coupon 10»5VslNR of Mex con 4s. 79 ',i
Atch gen 4s 1W%! N Y C gen 3%s..l00%
Do adj 4s : »«%IN J C gen 5s 134%
Atlantic C L 4s. 9S%!Nor Pacific 4s 105%
Bait & Ohio 43..10r>% Do 3s .: 75%
Do 3%s 95%! Nor & W con 4s.lOO%
Central of Ga 5s.ll3%|OSL 4s & partic. 09%
Do 1st inc 87%|Pa conv 3%s....lO3
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l00%! Reading gen 4s... 101 14
Chi& Alton 3%s. 80% IS L & I M con 6s.ll5%
C. B«lt Q new 4s. 98 |S L & S F fg 4s. 86%
CM & SP gn 4s.lO9%!Ft Louis SW lsts. 99%
C"& NW con 7s.l2S%teeaboard A L 4s. 81
C R I & P*C 4s. 77% I So Pacific 4s .... 94%
'Do col 5s 87 So Railway 5s.... 118%
C.C.C A SLgn 4s.lO2 Tex & Pae lsts.. 120%
Chi Term 4s..... SO Tol. St L & W 4s. 81%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 76*4! Union Pacific 4s. 105%
Colo & So 4s.... R7T41 Do conv 4s 109%
C F & I con 5s. S7%!U S Steel 2d 5s.. 87%
Den & Rio G 4s.lO0%l"Wabash lsts 119'
Erie prior lien 49.100%' Do deb.B V.... 67
Do gen 4s *..... 88%|"W &, L Erie 4s... 91 '.
F W. & D C.lets.ll0%iWls Central 4s... 92%
Hock Val 4%s...lO8 |
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20lLlttle Chief ..... OS
Alice ..:.... 35jOntario .....:.... 3 75
Brecce 12]Ophir 2 15
Bruns Con 131 Phoenix 18'
C<>m Tunnel .r.. • 10 Potosi 1Q
Con Cal & Va... 1 50| Savage 3^
Horn- Sliver. :.... 1 50' Sierra Nevada. ..'.'. 34.
Iron Silver' 190; Small Hopes....: 30
Leadvllle Con.... 02| Standard ......... 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— lUS Steel... .20%
Call loans 2031 Do pfd . ... 81%
Time loans 4Q5! Westing Common. 85^4
Bonds— - \- Mining— " '*
Atchlson 4s 101T&I Adventure ....... 314
Do adj 4s...... 96>AlAllouez ......... ;. 11%
Mex -Central 4s... 72 I Amal Copper .... 6.1 %
' Railroads — . . lAmer Zinc ...... 1.1
Atchison 8a%!>tlantlc 14 /
Do pfd- . ••¦101% 1 IUrf:ham^..;;.v...3iu
BoEton t Albany.250 -iCalumrt-,&' Hecla.560'"
Boston & Maine.165. (Centennial ;.....; 27%
Boston Elev ..153 I Copper Range - ... 61 %
Fitchburg pfd ... .137 I Da ly West . . . . . . ; 12 , -
Mex Central ..... 16% Dem Coal" ...... _53%~
NY. N H &. H..107%t Franklin :....V...'8«
Pere Marquette. . . 76 v I Grancy ,:......... 35J
Union Pacific..... 107%! Isle Royale ..;.-.; 21%-
Miecellaneous — (Mans Mining .".•..< 4%
Amer Arge Chem. .19*4|H!chiean; ........'. 714
Do Pfd 80% Mohawk ~.\ ...... 50%
Amer Pneu Tube. '6 .} Mont Coal & Coke 5%
Amer Sugar ....M6%! Old Dominion ... 20%
Do pfd .133 - I Oteepla :......".... R$y
Amer Tel & Tel. 144% I Parrot .....24%
Amtr Woolen ... 38 IQulncy ........... 94I?
Do pfd ........ *3K\ Shannon ......... 5%
Dom'lron «r S... 15%ITamarack-........iiia2
Ed Elect Ilium. .250 'Trinity- .......... 9™
Gen Electric . . r.176%', « •» 3 • Mining. ... . . 23%
Mass Electric... 13-,|U S Oil... ng
Do pfd 65**|T7tah 41%
Mass Gas ....... 42W! Victoria ........;. 3%
United Fruit ....l«4%t'V\'lnona ......;... g%
Un Shoe Mach... r>5 • I Wolverine . :V.. ..' 95
Do pfd ........ 31%1-
Lcndon Closing/ Stocks. *
Cons money. . r .88 1-101 N.-Y. Central ."...". 137%
-Do acct ,.r.;.- 88%fNor&, Western..; 75%
Ans/xmda • :. .. . . . 4%i - Do ; pfd . .". . .. . . - 84%
Previous prices ruled for the best offerings
of Game, but the market was weak, as nearly
all of the receipts showed the effects of : the
warm weather. ¦ being more or less tainted, and
dealers were anxious to clean up. One handler
sold over 400 Wild Ducks at prices ranging
from $1 25~to $2 per dozen. - .?;--"
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old. 14018c per
lb for Gobblers and 15<?17c for Hens; young
Turkeys. 20@22c per lb; Geese, per pair. $1 50
«m 75; Goslings. $2®2 25; Ducks. $4 5085 per
dozen for old and $4 50@6 for. young: Hens,
$4 50<©5 for small and $5 50@6 for large: young
.Roosters. |5 5C@6; old Roosters, $4 5085; Fry
ers, $4 5090; Broilers. *3®»: Pigeons. $1 23
per dozen for old and $222 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, i J4©6 per dosen :
Canvasback. $4®6 : Teal. $2 6003; Sprig. %1Q
2 50; Widgeon. $1 50©2; Red Heads, $2@2 50;
small Ducks, $1 50@l 75; Gray Geese.* $4:
White Geese. $102; Brant. $1 50®2 50: Snipe.
$3 for English and $1 50 for common: Doves,
$1®1 25; Hare. $1 7502; Rabbits. $2 for Cot
tontail and $1 50 for Brush.. .
.Trade In Poultry was of a hand-to-mouth
character, ' as the continuance of - the poultry
pickers* strike prevented retailers from buying
tlons. Prices were well maintained, however,
as receipts were light, arrivals from* domestic
as freely as they would under normal condl
polnts being a little in eTcess of sixty coops.
No Western came In.
Poultry and Game.
per - box; Green Paupers, 2&O40o '. 'per < box:
Mushrooms. 12 H ©15c per . lb; Marrowfat
Squaeh. $12 per ton.'
FISH. PER POUND—
Barracouta, lb.lO®12%fRockcod .........— (915
Carp —010! Sea Bass —^12%
Catfish ..."... .— ©12m Smelts .10^12%
Codfish .......— ®12U Soles .....10«15
Flounders .100 — | Skat»s, each 10®i5
Halibut '.IS®-*— (Squid — @—
Herring Kjno Tomcod lore —
Mackerel IS® — Turbot . .20®—
Do horse ...1ZM& — Trout ........... — ©75
Rockfl8h — «ii2% Whiteflsh 100—
Salmon, fresh..— ©12V1 Clams, gallon ..60S 1 —
Do smoked .. — K20 Do hardshell, lb 8910
Sardines ... 8010 Crawfish perlbl2i4fll5
Shad ....... 1O«— Crabs each ....— 0—
8trlped Bass..l2%«15 Mussels, lb 12U015
Perch 106)^- Oysters Cal. 100.40«ri0
Pomplno ..... ..60@75 Do Eastern. dz.30@40
VEGETABLES— -
Artichokes, doz.30@60i Mushrooms,' lb.:. 20^25
Beets, dozen 10®—' Onions per lb ..— @ 2
Beans, white, lb. 5@ — Okra, dried. lb..20O —
Colored, per lb. 6® — Do green, lb.. «@ —
Dried Lima. lb. 5© 6 Potatoes, per lb.lV.^2
Green Lima .... — & 8 Parsnips, per dt.l5®20
Cabbage, each .. 5®1O Radishes dz fich.l5©20
Celery, head . . . 6@10 Sase. di bnches.250 —
Cre«». di bunch.15® — String Beans lb. 6@ 8
Cucumbers, doz. 10(315 Summer Squash
Garlic «® R per lb :..— ® B
Green Peppers.lb. 5@ 8 Sprouts, per lb.. — & fl
Dried Peppers ..10020 Spinach per lb.— & 5
Egg Plant." lb... 4® 6iSwt. Potatoes, lb— <gl%
Green Peas.'lb. 1 . SW10I Thym».' dz bnchs.25i©30
Green Corn .'. . .3O?r40! Turnips, 'per doz. — 4815
Lettuce, per doz. irwa:!0 Tomatoes, lb 30 5
Leeks, dz bnch.l5ig>20|
FRUITS AND NUTS—
AHigtr Pears,ea.20®25| Nutmeg Melons. ea,5@10
Almonds 15020! Oranges, doz ....30@75
Apples .......... A.® 8 Peaches, :1b .....' 86*10
Chestnuts, lb ..15@20 Plums, lb ...... 5® 6
Cranberries. qt..lO@15 Pears, lb ......... 4© 8
Cantaloupes, ea.,10015 Pineapples each. 30^50
Pecans • ....'..... — @20 Pomegrantes dz.20@40
Brazil Nuts ... .20® — Persimmons, doz. — @40
Bananas, doz ..25035 Quinces 8@ 5
Cocoanuts. « each.— @10* Raisins lb .". 100 1 5
Figs, dried, lb . . 60101 Raspberries, per
Do. fresh, lb..l5@20| drawer .25®50
Grape Frult,dz.|l©l 50! Strawberries. .
Grapes, lb ... :. 3® 61 per drawer ...25075
Hcklebrries. Ibl2%@15l Walnuts, per ib.lS®?^
Lemons, doz ..... 20W30! Watermelons, ea. 15® 25
Limes, dos . . .~10@13'
MEATS. PER POUND— ,-"
Roast Beef: (Mutton Chops ..— @15
Choice cuts... 159201 Pork Chops — ®16
Do plain ....10@12%|Veal Cutlets ....15®1S
Roast Veal ..12%@15I Corned Beef ,...*. —@ 8
Roast Fork ..12%@15 Beef Stew ...... 8®10
Foreqtr Lamb.— @12% Mutton Stew ... 5@ 8
Hindqtr.Lamb...— @15 Veal Stew ....10012%
Foreqtr Mutton.. 8@10 Soup Meat 5@10
Leg Mutton ....— @ 10 Soup Bones 4®—
Tndrloin Steak.l2mgil5 Hams 1S@16
Portrhse Steak . . 18^20 Bacon 15020
Sirloin Steak.. 12%@15 Pork Sauaage..l2%®15
Round Steak.. 10®12^ Chipped Beef ..20® —
Lamb Chops ...15@20 Lard .12V4®—
POULTRY AND GAME— .
Hens, large, ea.t0®90! Gray Geese ea. .50®65
Do . small „-: . . .50#«j0 White do, ea. .25@30
, Young Roosters. Rabbits, each . .20©25
each 75c(8$l Hare' each .....— <825
Old Roosters, ea.50@B5 English Snipe, da— -@t5
Fryers, each . .60@60 Common do, dz.— ®$3
Broilers, each". . .40® 50 Wild Ducks, each — -
Turkeys, per lb.27@30 Mallard ... 75®9©
Ducks, each ...65c® $t Canvasback . .90c^*l
Geese. .; each.. — @$1 50 6prtg ......... 4O@9O
Goslings ...... $1 75@2| Teal • 8O@4O
Pigeons, pair ...— ®50t Widgeon 35®—
Squabs, per pair.60@60 Red Heads 40©50
Wild Doves, doz!fl50| ' .
The be»t Creamery, Butter 1* sligJUly lower,
but the cheaper grade* hare not changed slnoe
last week. Cheese and Eggs are unchanged,
although the latter am higher at wholesale..
Poultry stands ! exactly the * same as quoted
last week."- : Frloee of ¦ Game show ' considerable
revision and ' Wild Ducks • are added - to the
list. . SevereJ kinds of , Fish are cheaper and
Salmon is In the market again. - :*
v Fruits and Vegetables are still In good
¦apply.-. ¦-::¦-;..* .-:,¦¦ -..-• "-'. .-
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington .$ — @10 00 New '
Seattle ; . . . . .*— © S 50 Wellington f— @10 00
Roslyn .....$— i? 9 00 Wellington
Richmond- ..$ — @ 9 SO Nut f — & 8 00
Coos Bay ..$— © 7 50
DAIRT PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, sq. 50(355 Eggs, per dosen:
Do good ..... .40£45 Ranch . ....... 40@45
. Do packed.lb.27%®30 Storage .......— ©35
Cheese, Cal ..12%@15 Eastern ...... .—©30
Cheese,: Eaatern.20<B25 Honey, comb, Ib.l5#2©
Cheese. Swiss ..25®35 Do extracted .. 8910
Family Retail Market.
.' at " $1 12%©1 1S%S Offerings - were
lighter as trading: progressed. In consequtnee
a flm f.r feelln* developed. Cash wheat wai
firm 'In all markets. "- The : flour situation '. was
still aiitu 2 bullish, sales : for ' the - day being
unnmiallly large, A report by a St. ¦ Louis
trade paper stated that prevailing w*ather had
been ideal for the propagation of the Hessstan
fly, and that the pest ; had ¦ made 1 appearance
in the . wheat - fields : of Illinois, ¦• Missouri i and
Kansas^ The winter wheat crop on the whale,
however, according to this authority, has been
making seasonable growth. A part of the late
buying was . attributable to this ¦ report, many
traders - intti cretins it as , being favorable to
the bulls.. During the last hour of trading
thtre was a rood demand,. but offerings were
exceptionally small. In consequence the mar
ket wae strong-. December sold up to $1 15%
and May to $1 14%. At the close December
sold at $1 15%@1 15%: - Final quotations on
May were $1 14%@1 14%. - :
'Strength of wheat was- the ¦ main Influence
affecting the corn market, although small re
ceipts and a (rood cash demand aided in cre
ating bullish sentiment. December ooened %e
to %c lower at 48®48%c, sold between 47**c
and 49c and closed at iS%ff <8%c. . .
Oat* were Orm In ¦¦ ' sympathy with other
grains. After opening %@%e lower at 2S^<S>
U8%c, ' December advanced to 29%c and closed
at 29%c. ¦-¦¦'., ¦¦'¦ . '¦ /, ¦ ¦ .-. ¦ ,.:.- ¦¦',•;¦"
A good demand from outside traders and
fair buying from pit traders caused strength
in provisions. The market closed strong, with
January pork up 16c. Lard and ribs were each
up 6@7%c. . : . •• • • • \ :'
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles—. Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2^- . . .
October ....... '. ..-/... 1144k
December ....... 1 13% --.1. 15%. 1 18% 1 15H
May ..113?, 1 14% 1 12% 114%
July .- :»8% 99% 98%. 89%
Corn No. 3— ... ¦ , ; , . . _•
October* '.. ...... 51%
December .....'• 48% 49 4T% 4S%
May... ,.. 45% 46% 45% 45%
Oats No. 2 — • -
October -..;.... 29%
December 28% 29% 28% 29%
May : 30% 31% 30% 31%
Mess Pork,-, per bbl — . . . . ¦ .
October ........ ..... '. ...... 10 95
January 12 47% 12 60 12 47% 12 55
May 12 50 - 12 50 12 45 12 60
Lard, per 100 lbs — .
October 7 25 732%. 7.25 .7 30
January ..7 20 7 27% 7 20 7 25 ,
May ...:.;..... 7 27% 7 85 , 7 27% 7 32%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— . .
October 7-20 7 20 7 20 7 20
January .. 6 50 6 07% 6 50 « 55
May 6 65 6 70 6 65 6 67%
THE SAN FRANCISCO^CALLy ¦ SATURDAY, ; OCTQ3ER 22, 1904..
Continued on Page Fourteen.
CHICAGO,. Oct. 21.—At;the"/opening!senti
ment in -the wheat market: was quite 'weak a*
a" result of considerable scattered selling:. The
principal ' causa ; for.; the > aelllnjc : pressui-A was I a
report of | Increased : shipments in ArgrenRna and
a* resultant ; decline In all ¦ foreign , markets, Inl - 1
tlal ; quotations i on . December were . off %@ V4@
%o to • %c,at $1 13%©1 14%.' * May Was \ down
CHICAGO BOARD Of'tRADK.
Future Grain and Provisions.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
..AUCTION SALE,.
Thoroughbred Jersey Cattle
The Entire Prise Winning Yerba Buen* Hard
of Jerseys belonging to- the
Estate ot the LATE HESRT PIERCE.
Consisting of
60 Head Registered Bulls. Cows
and Calves.
TUESDAY EVENING, October 25. 1904.
At ¦ the Salesyard of
FRED H. CHASE ®> CO.
Livestock AucUoaeers,
1733 MARKET ST.. San Francisoo.
Stock at yards Oct. 22. .
- Send for Illustrated catalogue. ¦ ¦U- COMPLAINS . OFJ BAD SEWERAGE.'^rC.v C^
Pernau ; yesterday J called the ¦¦ attention r of >". the
Supervisors \ to ; the t deplorable \ condition \ of J the
re w erage An , and I about I FrancIsco/tVande water,'
Taylor » and 4 Bay,' streets." t i Pernau t, says ?¦ com
plaints • have been > made I to 3 the • "Works i and
S*iim^boarda ;wlthout . avail. ;
! MESSAGES ; FROM * THE ' OLD-WORLD.—
"Messagres : From j the EWorld 1 U vrttl s b« s the
subject : of ' a eerlea ' of > sermons I which ¦ the - Rev."
.William: Rader- is? to deliver af.the(Third»Con
gTega tional ", Church."! Fifteenth J street.^ near Wa-"
l»-ncia. The topic , to-morrow . night • ¦will ; be i-'^The
Bitter. Cry of. Outcast ¦ London, ¦ or ' the ] Message
FrcmWhltechapel."" ¦. ' . . - ' . ,
; Mrs. A. . McLaughlin, divorced 'I wif a
of Joseph/ McLaughlin, /cleverly j cir
cumvented'the" deputy sheriffs ! yester
day. ;A. writ of attachment was served
at the instancefof C. fi.Parrish on a
claim of $211 05^on the. effects 5 at 133
Octavia . street, where McLaughlin
lived/prior to his divorce. /Mrs./ Mc-
Laughlin was ; found : in possession of
the house .and; the deputy ¦ sheriff * put
Keeper Ruddock /in ' charge.'
f All /went ' well -un til j Mrs:; McLaugh
lin» got \ a /boy : living, next jdoor; to r in- ;
form : Ruddock .that ' he/was ; at
the ; telephone : by •¦ some one /in;/ the
Sheriff's : office.'. Ruddock answered 'the
call, but /when /he ,'> returned^ to ; Jth«
house -the < doors | and > windows // had
been~ locked against ¦¦- him."./ Ruddock
appealed in~ vairi ,to .thefobdurate j Mrs.
McLaughlin 1 to* let him in ; to [reassume
his - charge. ;. The/woman/ refused *i to
"open / the ; door, ; but ,/was | ; ? gracious
enough / to r throw ; Ruddock's Voyercoat
from : a* top \ window to 'i the/" ground."
Ruddock ;;* ruefully ; returned \'l to?<,the*
Sheriff's; office^i and -upon 5 hearing/ his
sto^- ;Undef-:i Sheriff f/Hlnesj detailed
two of his : huskiest \ deputies \ to} force
an; entrance" into' the stronghold.' r/Mri. T
McLaughlin, . however, /laid '.; claim 5 to
the / property ; on r a *. bill *• of f sale /from
her, ex-husband and ' she filed a ;borid
to protect her ¦ claiml^'/r
Mrs. McLanghlin Succeeds in Getting
•'•* Rid of : Keeper > by , a Ruse and '-¦
Shutting Him Quit. ;
CLEVERLY OUTWITS THE
SHERIFF'S DEPUTIES
Keclect your hair and you lose it. Parker's
Hair Balsam renews growth and color.
' Parker's Ginger Tonic strengthens the weak*
The Brockton Shoe — a new 52.50 guar
anteed Shoe — in all leathers and lasts.
A Shoe for wear, fit and comfort, and
guaranteed in every particular. - New
etore, next Zlnkand's, 925 Market st. *
Ran Away From St. Louis.
William Harmon and George Brown,
each 19 years old, were arrested at the
ferry yesterday by . Detective '. r T. /. B.
Gibson on the arrival of the overland
train from St. Louis and were locked
up in the, city prison. Captain Bur
nett received a dispatch from the
Chief of Police-of, St.- Louis asking him
to arrest the Harmon boy . as'-". he . had
run away from home and; his 'mother
was anxious for him to return. Tourig
Brown says he left home with the con
sent of . his parents. Both" boys ] were
in the train wreck at Tuba' Pass.
Cullen Charged With Robbery.
James Cullen, a hanger-on at the
ealoon of Shannon & Plunkett on Min
na street, near Fourth, was booked at
the city prison yesterday by Police
snan Goff on a charge of robbery. The
complaining witness, R. E. Wood, a
lumberman from Westport, Cal., swore
out a warrant in Police Judge Mogan's
court. Wood alleges that on the night
of October 13 he met Cullen and an
other man in Shannon. &. Plunkett's
The stealing -of bicycles from 'pat
rons of the Public Library at the City
Hall has of late become so common
that Captain Mooney detailed Police
men Cottle and Flynn on the case.
While the patrolmen were unable to
capture the thieves they succeeded in
finding five stolen wheels in a base
ment at- 23% Folsom avenue and five
frames and two wheels at 1254 Fol
scm street.- This discovery was made
by virtue' of a search warrant upon In
formation received. It is said that the
wheels were stolen by two boys whose
names the officers have, and that when
stolen the wheels and frames ..were
changed so as to destroy identification.
It is expected that arrests will follow.
Recover Stolen Bteycles.
Murlne Eye Remedy cures sore Eyes.
Makes weak Eyes strong. Murine doesn't
smart; It soothes and quickly cures. •
DISCHARGED POLICEMAN"
DIVORCED FOR CRUELTY
Mrs." J._ Ryder, grand treasurer. Th*
installing . officer was retiring Grand
Matron Mrs. Rontzan, assisted by Mrs.
Annie Johnson as grand marshal.
PARK COMMISSIONERS
HOLD MEETING
"When a bachelor gets tired of leading
a single life he should marry and be
led.
Charles H., Landis Loses, Star for As
r. saultiiig Wife— Other Dl
torce Cases. .
Judge Troutt yesterday granted , a
divorce to Nellie - V.', . Landis from
Charles R.' : Landis, a former : member
of the police force, whose star was
taken from him because he was con
victed- and ; fined for assaulting his
wife. 1 They were married at Reno in
July, .1902. ,V- In June of, last year, he
struck her, . threw the dishes from the
dining table and broke the' stove and
furniture. On June 7 of this year, ac
cording-to the testimony, he gave her
a • black, eye • and on " June 16 she had
him arrested ; for battery.
Divorces were, granted by Judge
Seawell to; Augusta Nyberg from Wil
liam Nyberg* for cruelty; by Judge
Hebbard 1 to>Ettel Karpel from Jacob
Karpel, cruelty; by Judge Graham to
"Kosie May Stender from Frank P.
Stender, desertion; Amelia de : Long
from William - de / Long, neglect; to
Mary Reilly from John J. Reilly. de
sertion. ¦,
Judge Seawell granted $40 anionth
maintenance / to Mary Bogan, wife of
Patrick .Bogan, a mechanic at the
United States navy yard. _ Bogan sued
his wife three times for divorce on
the ground /of desertion, but lost each
case . on ; her .: proving that she was
forced to leave him because of his
cruelty. /''/- V
Suits fdr ; divorce were filed by Grace
M.NlnniS; against Albert' E./ Ninnis,
cruelty: Mary A. Bowen against Rob
ert Bowen, neglect; George Green
against Margaret - Green, , desertion;
William Murphy^ against Maggie . "F.
Murphy, ; 'desertion; Paul Bowman
against , Nancy J. Bowman. - cruelty;
James ' P. 'Daly against Mary Ellen
Daly, cruelty."
- T The session/ of the : Grand Chapter
of the '' Order of the Eastern' Star
closed yesterday ; with the installation
of the elected and ; appointed officers
for the current Eastern Star year.
The Selected '•.¦¦officers are: Pauline
Dohrman,- grand matron; C. . J. '.Wll
lets, "grand patron; L. B. Leavitt, as
sociate grand'patrori ; . Mrs. M. Skinner,
associate "grand matron ; : ; Kate . ' J. Wil
lats.Z grand Cre-elected) ;
Eastern Star Officers.
President Adolph B» Spreckels Occu
pies the Chair After Several
' Months* 'Absence.
The Park Commissioners, with
President Adolph B.Spreckels, acting
as chairman, met yesterday and trans
acted" the. routine business. One of
the' considerations before the board
was the purchase of the large collec
tion of insects and butterflies owned
by the aged scientist, George ;/-W.
Dunn, who is an inmateof the^Alms
house. The . large collection of 250,
000.specimens- Is offered to the'cura
tdr/of fthe park museum for / $200.
These specimens were gathered /• by
Dunn in North and South America in
the interest , of the Rothschilds and
other, rnillionaires.
Superintendent v McLaren's annual
report ; was read- and ; filed. v. The im
provements^ suggested,, in the way of
planting, /'paving, /water supply and
repair-to buildings, were- ordered
tinued.// : Donations, from , M. '. H. de
Young, .WillianvC. Ralston. and others
were; accepted. :
.//The 1 Board -of Public Works was
asked to pave the sidewalks ¦ to their
full , width north 1 and south . of the
park, : so -'¦ that "permanent '~ shrubbery
mayi be "placed. The profits 1 accruing
fronv the; children's quarter and. the
Japanese tea .garden for the'month/ of
Septemberramounted to$565 35.
.//The Association ; Football
League / requested / permission } to ' use
the ; cricket field and; were told "that
the I, proposed V athletic grounds I would
be /ample ¦ 'for, the , sport. . .The board
referred / to ;"i Superintendent Mcparen"
the/request of the ''Merchants'' Associa
tion .that curbing / be placed 1 at; the
panhandle ¦ entrances to^ protect pedes
trians ; from . automobiles. Permits . to
pass - through ; the/- park 'during a ; club
run 'were/; denied'.; the Pacific; vCoast
Motorcycle ;Club. ¦ J-The Commissioners
will meet; again" on*' Friday, next/ it/be
ing /decided /to/hold ? board ~ meetings
oh ; Fridaysl hereafter.
When doctors - disagree,'. V. drink/-' G1H Edge
WhUkey" and; let them fight It out. - ; Wlchman,
Lutffen 1 & ¦ Co.,* 29-81 *i Battery „> it.',' 8. ' F. .-¦.-.• ¦-.
in surance ; - man arrested
; for/ issuing bad /checks
Albert D. Baglcy of 214 Sansome Street
V : Is/ Arrested "for. Alleged Bun
:¦"' \ - : koirig •: of : Prajjcr'sr v '
AlbertVD.)Bagley, a) fire i insurance
man, /doing/buslness r at 2 14 Sansome
street,! was ; arrested . last > night ; for/the
alleged £ passing *V)f ] '&£ fictitious \ check."
.The J questionable^ piece}' of J paper I' was
cashed Vat i'Prager's "department '¦ store
bn.theil^th 1 instant.,.,//
/v Bagley**/was_i taken?* into" custody by
¦Detective ? Freel,-/who jbelieves the, pris^
oner '•'-¦ has : passed > • other,;; ? . bad <j checks
"around /townV, was placed * on
the; 'detinueV book ani;investi
gation 't into i his ¦¦ crooked vwbr kv
He':resides7at;28': Liberty "street '
Boy Knocked rDown by Car.
\ / Edward \ Felix, • a/7ryear-old ; boy, ; liv
ing/with^ his}; parents" j at £47 Rausch
street/ 1 ' was /knocked /downj "yesterday.
by/-a.v cable "carTatT Ninth} arid Fol
som«streets.*};. According -, to •; the * state
rri erit/6f i H.i E. 1 Taylor, "an" inspector/of
the; United [ Railroads,^ who iwas, riding
~oxi /car/ 2 2^ in /charge i-{of/; Grlpnian V J. !
Smyth, 1 the/ boy / was ¦ stealing , V.jrlde
"o"mJ a^ k carjrunriing| in| an'£ opposite f di-*
rectiori when/ he; jumped /off -and in
[cfr^s^ngith'e'street^M^ hit 'and thrown
in j^rontf of/tlvef dummy/; ,' An ¦ examina
ttion|e>f Ithellad'a'; injuries i^byj Dr.*.; Carl
j^lsorijatlth^fEmergency^Hos^ltalJre-*
; ye"aledj'a\hroken5jcollar^ bbne^and \ two
'rib^6^^tjdeTright[sljleSbeaidM|lnt«riial
inJurie^fja^ser^usTctt^cteTSSi^g
G. V. Phipps, . a teamster, . living at
3012 Twentieth street, was : seriously if
not; fatally.. injured ; by a vicious horse
y#sterday;mornlng"at Sixth and Bran
nan streets. * ; The horse Is blind in one
eye. When Phipps - entered the stall
on the off 6ide the. animal took fright
and attacked the? man,/ biting .him
about the head and arms, arid .tram
pling . him /under ¦ foot. ' ¦ Phipps'- inju
ries, when examined by Dr. Knlcich at
the Emergency Hospital, were ; found
to ;, include a possible fracture of the
skull. . - • . ¦• ¦'¦ ¦ .
Horse Tramples Teamster.
"It Is a debatable question." said Mr.
XVoodworth, "whether the bonds for
merly accepted by Mr. North can be
collected should they be declared for
feited."
United States District Attorney
Woodvorth made a discovery yester
day that is of much importance in the
matter of the Chinese that have been
passed through this port to the St. Louis
exposition. They are all under bonds
of $500 each, the bonds being given to
Hart North, United States Immigrant
Commissioner at this port. Mr. Wood
worth is doubtful whether these bonds,
which were not submitted to him, but
passed upon and accepted by Mr.
North, can be collected in case the
Chinese fail to go out of the United
States at the close of the exposition.
Thirty-five Chinese who arrived by
the steamer China on October 13 on
the way to St. Louis, yesterday pre
sented bonds of the surety company
which had a monopoly of the business
of the bureau. These being the first
bonds that have been offered since
Chief Mehan was placed at the head
of the bureau. Mr. Mehan presented
them to Attorney Wood worth for ex
amination. They were modeled upon
the bonds already accepted, and Wood
worth made thirty corrections and ad
ditions to each before he would ac
cept them.
Charles Mehan, chief of the Chinese
Bureau, recently discovered a fraudu
lent Chinese certificate of registration
in the hands of a Chinese fisherman,
who gave his name as Wong Shue
and who came down from Alaska as
one of the fishing fleet. The certificate
was genuine, but the photograph of
the real Wong Shue had been removed
and that of the holder— the pretended
Wong Shue— substituted. Wong will
take a trip to China at the expense of
the Government
The California Creamery Operators
have determined upon the order of pro
ceedings at their State convention to
be held at Fresno. The convention will
open December 2 and will last two
days, winding up with a banquet. Sec
retary W. H." Saylor /reports the - pro
gramme. Fresno's Mayor will j greet
the visitors and others and H. P. Glas-:
ier of Oakland will respond.- George G.
Knox, president of the association, will
.make an address in review of the work
of the year. A report will also be sub
mitted by Secretary Saylor.
The list of those who will, dlscus3
matters of interest to the creamery^
operators includes : . C.I E. Hill of ; San
Francisco, George W. - Kneib of San
Francisco, George E. Peoples of Oak
land, Jesse Durham of . Selma, C./W/
Cartmill of Tulare, C. H. Schmidt of
Merced, Peter J. Shields of Sacramento,
George W. Peltier of Sacramento, Pro
fessor E. W. Major of Berkeley, A.
Jensen of Ferndale, "W.' B. Franklin of
Oakland, H. F. Lyon of Alameda>
Charles D. Pierce of Stockton, J. : W. ;
McCord of Hanford, E. Larson ; a«£
Fresno, J. V. Sheppard of Petaluma,
E. H. Hageman of Fresno, C. R. Stark
weather of Los '.Bands,. G. A. McEd
ward, Dr. Leroy Anderson, E.-T."Fltz
patrick of San Francisco, A. B. Evans
of Fresno, F. J. Peacock of Hanford, I.
C. Bateman of San Francisco,; C./C.
Ridgway. of Porterville, W. : H. Roussel
of San Francisco, George A. Smith? of
Los Angeles, .C.^Raab of Los Angeles
and George T. McCabe . of Modesto, i '.
There are legislative matters*tq/be
discussed. ¦ One of these is the regula
tion of the weight of print butter,
water in butter and coloring. One re
fers /to agricultural education. „; Still
another relates to the misbranding; of
butter. The National Buttermakers'.
Association convention will \ be consid-,
ered. - A paper will be .read and ? dls^"
cussion will take place / regarding 'the
possibility of a State or district cream-'
ery exchange. A butter contest onfresh
goods will take - place, ; in which ; the
skill of the operators /will be manifest
ed. Heretofore, the conventions : of -the
creamery operators have been • heldi in
this city. For the first time an -attempt]
is . made to add \ local Ito ' the State [ in-"
terest 1 by having the deliberations . take'
place in the center of a great dairy sec
tion. . . ;
James Means* $2.50 and, $3.00 Shoes
are the product of 30 years' experience
and skill of 'the best shoemakers In.' the
United States."^ Sold from factory to you.
All middlemen's profits eliminated.* James
Means Shoe Store, 16 Fourth street.Cat
alogue free. . .;? •
The third squadron, Ninth Cavalry,
Colonel E. S. Godwin in command, will
depart this morning at 9 . o'clock for
Jefferson Barracks.
The court-martial sitting in . the
long-drawn-out trial of Lieutenant G.
S. Richards, who was accused of dupli
cating his pay accounts, brought in its
findings yesterday morning at the Pre
sidio. The summary of the proceed
ings will be turned over to Judge Ad
vocate Morrow, who after, perusal,
will hand them to General Francis
Moore, the department commander.
While Lieutenant Richards was actu
ally tried only on the duplication of
one account, it is now reported that
he duplicated seven of his accounts, z
The second squadron of the Fourth
Cavalry arrived yesterday from Fort
Leavenworth. They are Installed in
the cantonment formerly occupied by
the Tenth Infantry, on the side hill
immediately to the left of the Presidio
entrance.
Court-Martial Winds Up Trial That
Has Been Going on for
Many Months.
Alaska Fisherman Offers
. Another Man's Certificate
[ With the Photos Changed
Desire to Eegulate Weight
and Prevent Misbranding
of ) Butter in the Market
BRING IX FINDINGS IN
IJEUTENANT RICHARDS' CASE
MORE CHINESE
FRAUD FOUND
CREAMERY MEN
SEEK NEW LAWS
saloon and v they took him out of the
saloon, knocked him down and took
$268 from him. He was badly beaten
up and both of his eyes are still dis
colored from the blows. The police
are searching for Cullen's companion.
A modest heroine held the attention
and the admiration of a large crowd in
the Coroner's office • yesterday j morning
while "she was telling the Jury, of her
plucky : ; but unsuccessful . . attempt to
save one of ' her fellow creatures.;
The heroine is Miss Fay, a handsome
young woman residing at 834 Grove
Btreet and sister of Charles W. Fay of
the City; Hall.. ..' ". ~. : Z .-:
. Her story was told with a candor and
simplicity altogether devoid of self-;
consciousness. It was on October. 13
when' she witnessed a gasoline .torch
explode in the, hands of painter Charles
Edward Young, who was working on a'
house at r 817 Grove street, across^ the
street from her residence. -The burning
fluid . enveloped the luckless man . from
head tb;foot- and he, ran shrieking, Into,
the street. Miss Fay shouted to- him
to troll ton; the "ground, but the torture
"of the flre prevented Young from hear-^
ing .or /understanding the advice./ £ Miss
Fay seized a blanket and,' unmindful
of her own peril, ran up to the blazing
man > and wrapped it around/ him;
Bcorchirig/'her^ hands while doing \ so.
Butjhis /act I of . running into ; the'; street
had fanned the flames so that his burns'
proved fatal. three days. later.
. One of the ; Jurors. ; . remarked immedi
ately^after/theiinquest that Miss • Fay,
ought to be rewarded \ with a medal or
a 'husband by the appreciative com
munity. . The verdict was "accidental
death." ; , c -
Pretty Maiden of Modest
Bearing Details Story
of Exploding^ Gasoline
BATTLES WITH: FLAMES
Miss Fay Tells How SHe
Eisked^Her Life to Save
That of Painter Young:
HEROIC WOMAN
GOOD WITNESS
THE SAN :;FRANGISCQ:tGALL;, SATTJRPAY^O€TOBER-r22,
16
- APVERTISE3IEXTS.
r - .- • ¦
Adams*
IRISH
MOSS
BALSAM
PRESCRIBED BT THK BEST.
¦ r;PHTSlCIANS FOR
Cousrln.V Coldf. Ho»r«eaei».
«;--"^to.i ; <^W^to-:' < caLuireai i and
All Tluo»t and Iinnr TtouWm
Try! a bottle to-day : don* t wait till the
' doctor says VCOJfSTXMPTXOW.*
85c; 500 AT AIiITDBUOGISTS
CURES IN A DAY
ADyKKTISEMEXTS.
BAY CITY
1132-38 Market SI. 25-27-29 Tort St.
NO PHONB ORX>EKS TAKS2T ON SPZCUklt
SALE DATS.
Xliti MEATS AT CUT PRICES. << '•
Beloir w* <saotm * faw <rf our **. .
SATURDAY SPECIALS
PRIME RIB ROAST Y\\L*s
BEEF,' per lb. .....;.... U»a2C
CHOICE ROAST BEEF, per O^
Ib.. ......lOc and OC
FORE-QUARTERS SPRING f9±
LAMB, per Ib..... ;.. I C
HIND-QUARTERS SPRING l/\#*
LAMB, per lb..... 1UC
ROAST PORK (Corn Fed). A^
perlb «-*C
CORNED BEEF (the Best). £L-
per lb %3C
Th» best roods aod Us. leirtat prtccw mil tha
time.
Tree dettrery to *n parts of tha dtr. '•
charles^tiLli^n
Bay City aiarkrt.
Tal«t)hcme South 397.
* Xa th# placa wher* 70a eta find th« ebdetst
of creamery butter.
CHOICE CREAMERY BUTTER—
• Best. Firkin Butter, at...... 25c H>
CHOICEST OF EGGS^Good. fresh
V Eggs at ... . . ...... 80c dox
¦ Choicest California, " Eastern. ¦ 'Swiaa aa4
Llmburcer Cheese. Pur* Vermont M»p!« 3a-
g-aj and Sympa. ' " ¦¦ • ¦ ».¦¦"-' ' -
Woman
6iilaVM9 MAR>TL Spray
1 — Mwit ConTeal«nt.
lik y«w limlil tef K. •ythj ¦ £S ' ' *"!." rfT" "ii' j *'~ *"*
If he cannot tupply tha ¦ \1V BtO^^^Vf
: nAHVKL. accept no • ! , >^^k a^£^fev— »
I oth«r. bo* send (tamp for - - ?&>. /~~>J/M'!i\s
I lltnstrated book— imM.! It gtr«a ' ./ "WJT
fnlip»rttenl»r»aijddtreetk>n»tD- '¦' Knit - m
Txlnable to Udlea. St .4 RV rx, CO./Ts/ ,'/•(,,•..„ w '
41 Park Bow, Sew York. - .
1S3 N«w Montgomery. San- Francisco. Cal. -
William HaUeroth (Ladlea* ¦ Dept.), 234 Sutter.
Union Drn« Co.; iOO Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Oarood Brother*... 7tb and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy....... .'..... ,z:\.. 119 Ellis
OF, RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
; Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
7ft£SH AND SALT KBAT8. I
. ZJULini BOOTS AJTD bXTUQETS. ;
All kinds repaired.' Globe Sheet Metal Work*
-117*-n7S Mission st. Phone Main 3J61. -t
'.OTLB. T
, LUBRICATING OILS : \ LEONARD A ELU3,
, ; 418 Front »C. 3. F. . Phone Main 171a. i
EC BflUGES,;^ *u »a!2oS7^ »..*.
n ' ADVERTISEatEyTS. _
~ —^— jr-u-^j-T_i-Tj- 1 _n_,— j-i_i-i_^>j-»_^>.i— 1 j- 1_ T_r-*_i-k_r-i_j-i_i-i_r-u-i_r-»_r^*-«_o_iru — 1 1— i_r— i_n_i
GhirardellFs
Ground Chocolate
Made/ from the nutritious .and digestible
substance of the choicest cocoa beans. A
standard cocoa preparation invented and
manufactured exclusively by the D. Ghiror-
delli Co.', and distinguished : from imitations
byA its \ smooth , rich, : delicious flavor and
perfect purity.
jfsAr your grocer' for the* original 7). Shirardoili's ,
Ground CAocolate, packed in patented hermetically
s?aled cans. Refuse substitutes. Kh
SIARKS BROS.
Saturday's
DargalilS
Ask for any of our $1.25 CORSETS in
any leading style, make mQ Q
shape. Your choice to-day t/Oy
' A- CHANCE BUY
': ¦'••¦' '¦„_.... «. enables us to place on
"VEILING SALE.mDAYr'a
i>«; v.rj CHOICE LOT of
¦>t: Per Yard/ chiffon and
\ ... •!,¦¦¦•-.¦¦¦ TUXEDO1MESH
lOl/j VEILING,' in all col-
1^2 1/ ors? 25c kinds; all to
be closed out at one
J price. :. .::.:.. 12^c
1 *nc unec 1 Vomen's^ BLACK
LAUC HOSE ALLO VER LACE
j, — -HOSE, assorted ipat-
T '->§. /* terns i to ¦ select \ from ;
A * y J25ckmdjjto^ay;17c
VELVET BELTS! Crushed
*J I0 |bELTSA in /¦ all i the
¦ O P\ /> f Autumn shades ; 50c i
JU O V y k J .Una j) toJay;;': : .v: 25c
ict om line 1 HEAVYIETTED
JET COLLARS- black stock
J-/V -COLLARS, '' a good
IMP ... 35c value j; special- at
Ribbonjale!
-RIBBON ABLE K RIBBON, '$ 3
; , ;; f^^ ; •' "inches '?¦ wide \.Ylfri
i 0 C • '-' kind^/.^Sc ¦ petv yaurd ;
HEAVWAFFETAV : : ;^ H^
T -TDioonu' r- ¦ HIGHLYLU5-,
: RIBBON o rrROUSWASHRIB^j
¦•¦'¦'¦¦} a 'fp* ; - " v " : BON,'- 5 Inches "wider 1
->1>OC 25c M Qd ---^ cyard !
: P L Al D^ R I B BO M Si - scotch J plaid;
=^S "i° "-- 1 RIBBON t^4 5 inches
V O t\n W f wide; 35cklnd ; r.;:^
i:r;^ClV>:.::;j^.\. : . ; .25cper;yar<i;
HAND BAGS oi^^y^^lj^
. ' — - •• . ¦ kind,* - with braided
' ! nflP "fc'a^le^fittejl'Iwith*
¦ *f *t V 'J " e^*°2?^ ?}***?: 'v-. .
, : . Send - In your ' name * and well I mail
¦ free I onr Fall I and Winter I Mail Order,
, Book -j_ : ;;•, : f; .:;-•_;¦ -j s ¦ \ •-•; : •¦¦-,¦ :<?;•: .;._ • ..¦ : ;
WMRh'S BROS.
The' Home of Honest Values
122O0224^MARI(i^TRE£TA
_ , '_ ¦ . .-.- AJV^lTSEMEyTS. ___ _* ' '. > _' ;.: /[¦.'-
j^^^^^^^^^K^^fl They have the dash and snap which
distinguish all Brown's clothes.
.Sfcp^^^^Wfe^Spf |-"S Loose flowing, giving the broad full
effect> yet fitting P erfectl y they are
<^^^^^8|S^Si8i|^ the tri umph of master tailors. The
W^^0^^^^ weaves, patterns and colorings are
i^^^ll extremely attractive and serviceable
pfe^^^'^ — manyof the popular browns and
grays;" with and without belt—
f' ""^^^PpXS-" ' you>re safe with either kind>
*%0£ W&0 °P en $*$$& N '3 hi ™ 10 -
. Y ¦ BROWNE
510 515 riAKfl\L 1 3 l.nONTGOMEBY 1
..".•¦ ' " ;/: ; SHALE'S. '-'"'"•;¦¦'' ¦':.-:::'.''.''¦'.' / J ' '¦ HALgS. '¦,- ' -' ' : /V .:."..'¦_ _ '_ ; HALE'S.
¦ .¦'¦-•¦¦•=-¦;,.'.¦. * ¦¦ v ¦ ¦¦,•" • ' ~i : ¦¦¦¦•¦; ¦ " - ' ¦ ¦ ¦ fj
: V^^^s^\ Not a cloud has obscured its rapid rise to |>!^» l^-yCliiM^
y^p|^pu^|^ chil- '.ivjiii-'i jHjf-'/STihy
jSE^t#:P^^«x\ v 'dren: It's more brilliant to-day than ever. Scores of Mi '\\i\\ itifyffif'/'
S||B New Winter Coats Jfj| 'ST
/*8M$$ Wi$yM • Many of them to be shown for the first time to- .\l}|{! | {J!i!«|!l»
fS^^X^ We have introduced you to the Wooltex skirta , Bjjj: : ! i^j);H|9"
and Wooltex suits. Hundreds have gotten ac- / i rwS l\vf{!
quainted with the Wooltex coats for children. This // J~*^ ~~ \ IMK
22^ is, the first time we have said much about the //¦/ \ \^S
J$s$£lSS Wooltex coats for women' jj I \ \§S
>^M^Kl The styles are splendid, materials all wool, patterns // i > \ \v^A
'¦ *^^ v <gg^BSV are the very nobbiest .effects obtainable. The tailoring Is [J j , , | Vi Tugc*
c*g»>^HfeW t> ? such as we have never seen before in garments that sSf^fJ \ \\m S^
81 "^ weren't made-to-measure. Prices (Here's where the big-. gr I "^r^
. gest surprise of all comes) are no higher than you will pay mm '
: ~ for Inferior araxments unless you see these.
These are statements. We want to prove them to you to-day. The coats in the drawing are accurate
reproductions of coats we have in stock. It's "high-time" for that new winter coat now. When you think of it,
' think of Wooltex and when you think of'Wooltex think of Hale's. Come and see why you should to-day.
Woman's Coat $10.00 Girl's Coat $5.00
It's the height of style. A coat that fits as per- A' smart little style. A woman's coat in murb-
fectly as tho-Jt was made to your measure; a coat ture. but with a girlish air that is becotninjr. It's
that will stav fit* because it's made right. > , all-wool t cheviot long coat, in navy blue, with cape
' Xll-wool kersey;: tight fitting." with^ collarless Jacket. effect over, the shoulders, loose belted back,
.27; Inches long.- broad stitched strapson the^seams, the - double breasted with paff sleeves, military collar.
Vnewepaulets. over j;he shoulders. satin^iMdrcomesr in Trimmed with cardinal broadcloth and buttons. Fita
:& a^^^^ girls of 6. 8. io and » years of age. Then- there
At $12.75— Kersey cloth jacket, 27 inches Ion*, tight are coats m mannish materials at $5.00.
fitting.' strap back, straight , front; double strap At $7.50— Girts* long tourist coat, of all-wool cheviot,
' seams; in black and "brown." , . • ¦'. in navy blue, box back, fastened with belt, double-
'-'Also a '¦% length ' tourist- coat. 1 in "mixed tan material, breasted front, stitched cloth epaulets, military
regular coat collar, extra broad shoulders and collar. CoUar. epaulets and sleeves finished wtta
large pocket. 312.75. • - ' K ut braid. Sizes from 6 to 14 years.
New Gloves $2. 00 Men's 20c Sox On the Bargain Table To-Day :
Guaranteed Stainless To-Day at 15c Pair 1800 Children's
in Black only. . x l4nd the Underwear Sale Con- Knit Undervests 19c
" That's good news for women, of ,. tinu/rsi ~~ ~~~~ ~~^^^~~"~
a good new glove, "the Vallier." It's nnueu. , Every size from 3 to xs years.
a'suede,' 2-clasp, pique finish, looks The sox an extra opportomty Fall or winter cream color,
: well, fits well and stays fit. Sizes that came: to us and we make it an nicely made and finished, with pearl
¦5% to 6^ in black^only. It's a glove' extra opportunity to you. buttons and covered seamsi
that- : nersniratinn has" no effect ' on They're wool, vicuna color only, me-
tnat^ perspiration nas no encci on. we ig h t .seamless, in fast colors: It's an extra opportunity for us. We
$2.00 pr. < _ all sizes from 9% to 11%. The very pass It right on to you to-<Say. 13o.
At «1^O— A three-clasp H'te Jouvin. sox f O r fall and winter wear, yet at -
- finished with Paris Point embroid- 15c instead of 20c pair. "
. ery ; rin tan.- mode, brown, red^bea- At n pair— Merino Sox in natural- 1 P « rn hnw fn hnUf* a
' ver, gray, blue, pearl, mastlque, all gray , seamless, elastic ribbed tops; , l-cam nOW IO DaKe a
the popular^colors. Slzesr 5% to.7% will not shrink; good value at lick n ~\ft> ct\ I* wnn'r foil
1 "^..'™ ' all sizes from 9% to 11%. llo pair. CaKe SO It WOH t fall.
At 91iOv^in6.>n. . ±5. - o ver-sed.ni, ¦ iwu- .- -
clasp, finished with one row of em- *=«- jtffr j*gr . Demonstrations downstairs at 10
broidery on the back. Comes in most <i>feJeHErf3gy tt^ rr . J&T j j * 1 t
all the popular colors and black. dtfjffit fflBL* ™*$F iaCpy °" 7Tt ' a 2 p. VU to Show you
At S1? 5\ S .oo-Two-cia S $ p ll0 ?iocha gloves, ffl -*^^ what good . cakes you can make
gg iTS&.&^Wll^^'. f^g^*^ - : with the Van Deusen cake molds.