2 By ¦'%'irtub. of jhhi diploma" and three i
¦•;-..¦"¦¦;'<—"¦•''•'¦¦ ¦-¦•a-' - •.;¦•» '.¦•• -\
years iOf i country, .practice' in the . New, ;
Hampshire"^ cb'uuty . : town, where his ; \
f atherj'bef ore t". him. | hadfvread '¦ Bhick-/ [
stone\,andj.Ghitty, v he.^had • his window
bmldih'g -'Attorriey '"and pqon^
ajjiior- > 'it;.La!w f > ; ,btit, up*^p^th,e' diyJiiiV
the^ 'latter i par i^ of 'j the j • f a£ef ul v . Year.'
Three^whep •the-.pverdu.e'crash'came;
he'; was < best \ known i:as" a* 'reckless -
plunger^ in real' estate—this," mind.you, '•'
at, a : . momenrwhen^ every /.third man
'cpunled.hlsi gains in '"front feet,": and
waa CshouUng'n.h'imself .-( hoarse' at the".'.
daily. brass. band. lot sales.-. , • ( . • _¦ i
¦,^'When'¦; the ; bottom;' fell I out Iri .the .
it,\ though ;.npt altogether. as' far .or as :
hard as jj many another. ; i -drie ; of ; ,his
professlorial .holdrfastST^lt was 1 the 1 one v ¦
that- .afterward it became'^ the , : bread- ">
tackle "^in' famine •timc-i-was-hls^ posi-i!
tion : as^ local .attorneyjf or^the railway ,
company; i By "reason of /this \ heTwas (
among the first to have a hint of the;
impending j cataclysm. * The .Western .
Paclhc, I after' so \long -a \ pause on . the . :
banks; ofi Dry Creek,-' had' floated , Its
second mortgage "» bondsf^ and ''would.
presehtly.jbuild",6n" to the ca.pl tair 1 eav-, ."
ih's'Gaston • to'. w^iyTStatlpn " quietude!
Therefore and 'wheref ore^r-" '.-,; V "^'^
% ;Keiit i*was f • not ¦ Ma'cking >' in native I
shrewdness". ' or.;-- energy.*^ He ' «f oresayr, v^
rio tjthe pitiable bubble burst which' en- N
sued, lndeedirb'utrihe^^ certain; and; inev-V
itable end^of the'"speculative>ra. ; Like , :
eyery,fone^else^hfi7 had! bought' -chiefly;'
with' promises ; to ; pay, and hi s paper,- 1 n
the] three *t>anks- vaggregate'd-j _aCsum *
equal to a frugal New. Hampshire 'com- \,
petence. y ;^*k :.. ..'';* ''•¦ : '.:'- : ' .-.',' V* '^ > '
». "."How'lpng'h'ayell got?" was'the;la- 7
conic -iwire { which , he . . sent : to\ Loring, . •
the "t secretary.' : fof itheA Western. Pacific V
•Advisory". Board 'in* Boston; from"' whom "
his I hint : had come. '¦_ And » wljen I<oring :'
replied" that i the" grading )and r track^ '
laying 'cohtracts : were "already ; award- 1
edr^there* was|at, "least' one "long**' on
the Gaston r real estate .exchange who . •:
wrought- desperately night and' y day>tb
'•unload." '{.-, \--^;.. " ; V./ J. ' *'.'-. " ;. ".'¦'
•iiAs' it-turnedy-out. the -race' t against
time was both' ax victory and ' a defeat!!
Op,* the morning when the .* Clar
ionTSOunded^'the-j firsts note' 'of ..public
klarntfDavld Kent\to6k: up the last of
iils*b'wik/pronTifses";t"6^pay,'"»"andVt»anS7'.
ferred^hls;*flnai* mortgaged fhdlfling/iri
Gaston '^realty.' .^ When 'it vwas* 4M e **et
ibcke.dihimself -. In ibJs^oSlcft W*thV/Far{:
quhar^buildlng.^aid/. balanced, the ¦ ac-1
count.Vofi leaving Hhe New. Hampshire '
coUrttry ;, town to ; tfy}titc'i new/caj|t . f pr .
fortune .in Uhe- golden
turned' hisi small" patri'mony.. into' cash-^
so'm'e i Hen;' thousand'^ dollars 'of it..? To:
set .'over/against^the, bill t ,of': exchange
for this amount, whl9h he_ had -.brought'
to Gaston c a year • earller^therV 1 . was, a
clean name; ? a .' fewt hundred i dollars ) In ¦
bank, " six-; lots, v ; bought 'arid -paid -Tor.
In 'one. r ofV' the'' G^ton f suburbs,* and^'a
yast deal of . experience-^ j r . ' rf . \
Kent iran'hls hands" through his" hair,
opened the* check i book and hastily, fill-
\ Then . under - the forced- draft ."of'*
skillful -exploitation three years -of •
high pressure ' passed quickly; years
named by the promoters the period 'of ;
development. In the rYear t One-,thei
very heavens smiled' and the rainfall'
broke the record of , the .oldesTjnhabVf
itaiit , Thus the Ground about:
lost tlie word "arid"/ as va' quallfyjiigi
adjective and' the picturesque, fictions 'I
of the prospectus makers were mirac-f
ulously • Justified. - In' .the v Year-^Two •
there was less rain, but still-an-abun-'
darit crop;' and . Jethro Bim'sby,^ drift-.:
ing in from some unnamed frontier pt
a newer, cow - country, .^saw'/what*; he'.'
had missed, took, to -drink -and -shot;'
himself in the lobby of- the'MIdiCon-.
tinent Hotel, an ornate, _> five-storied'
brick and terra-QPtta* structure stand
ing precisely, upon, the sSte.^of the'"J
lazy-S" brairding^ corral.- . . ./. V '. •- V*
It was" id' this same". Y-ear^TWo, 5 ..the
fame of the latest 'of/; Western" Mec^ :¦
cas for young men 'having 'penetrated
to the provincial • backgrounds of New '¦
Hampshire, that David Kent'came. .., .
Copvrijlu by Bobbs-MerriU & Co.
CHAPXEK I. n. .
> Ashes, pt Empire. ¦'. -\ » "; v
IN porct of a"ge/» Gastoni the stren
uous w as i no r inore than a'lu.s^y
infant an^-cs: % tlie" cities '-'of ¦ the
hrov. n plain^hen the boom'brbke
e.nd the junta }vfqs}t>or.A.' though its bc-
Cinnings as canip ran back to
the davs of nh?" lUUer* Mormon migra
tions across 'ihfeUhjrsty- plain; 'to .that
•lay when tl>e jadvanced 1 guard' of Zo-
Phar i:rr.ithjsoi;-Yrain ; rdusr wells In lh*
Camp san^ of fcTry^-Oreek and called
Ihctn the.V/atgrsvf'il^rdm.' ! ¦ • •
Later, oK^ttthro^jrqfcby/a ilnrroon
deserter, Ket*^jhls ro*d,and:Staff on tha
banks at "the-j creelc,*-h6in%stcadGd *a
Quarter si-piA&Zot -*hi siiee'brtish plain,
arid in d\xa taP'^anie.'to be.kngwn as
the Dry Cre|k c>it»j«.kinsi^ And the
cov. -<:airp'-jv;*s 4 stfti filrasby's wheu-tha
kmting crrgiocers-of the '^Western Pa
dflc, Kemtx 3 Mit&iT4fr Uihk stations in a
land where vyier was, scarce .ami haid"
to cc-nie by.^roye. their : Ktikes along
ihj n/Jr^h linel^jf tlie> quarter-section; j
and baying, earned. their- last 'Station'
Al- c. cSHsUfbedrth^ o:i|r,(SasCcrii.'- •
Frorii "tRo^Etake^driring of *th^ en^i
necrs. y> the sp|kc^drivi ns/of' tlje tcack
laicrs - naia full "decade. . For , ; -hard
tin:o £ overtook^tjiie > We^ternl^P^ciflc: p$
Mid lend City, eighty miles tokhVeast-'
jf £ r J : v.MieJ thel* Sta[te-r capita'!.'; iv. o
days,' brcii«-o- joliing -uest of Dry,Crejjkt
had raUrtrad ,«u^jta .ajad^ no'
induceiTjents to 'offer a liewcomer.-!,^
But. with the'brtsaking^f the cloud of
financial uepi esslou, the Western Pa"i
c;2c fcucceeded placing its extension
bonds, a.^d a littlo'latcr the earth be^an
to fly on the grade- of the'iiew line«-to
the v.est. Within a Sundayless month
the electric lights of the night thifi
could be eeen.. and. when the wind was
right, the shriek of the locomotive
whistle cculd r be beard at Dry Creek
and in this interval between dawn and
daylight Jtthro Simsby sold' his quar
ter-section for the nominal sum of
52000. f-pot cash, to wo men who buck
boarotd in ahead of C e track-layers . '
This purchase, of the "J la-rv k»
ranch by Hawk .and Jiflford S^kfd
the modest beginning of GastoJ the
marvelous. By-time the temporary
Bldicga.were d«wn»and- the tank well
wa? dus in the; damp' Band?, it was
heralded far and wide that the West
ern Pacific would- make- the city
on . the banks of Dry Creek— a city
consisting as yet only of the Simsby
ranch shacks— Its western terminus.
Thereupon followed one of the sense
less rushes that populate, the* -waste
places of the earth and give the pro
fessional city builder his re&eon for
being. In a fortnight after the drivin*
of the silver spike>the dusty plain was
dotted with/the black roofed shelters
of the arsdnauts, and-by the follow
ing spring the plow was furrowing
the cattle ranges In ever widening cir
cles and Gaston had voted a bond loan
cf ?3 00,000 to pave its streets.
T^IUS is the first Installment
of "The Grafters," Francis
l.jndc's uclI-Lno»'n norel
of politics and roinance. As
ii Ucal^- with political graft of to
day it holds the iaterost and sus- •
j^ensc of Uie reader until' Uio
linal denouement. -, . '^I^ :*¦':,
The story will ba> p;:!iUshcd
complete, witii illustrations. '¦' In"
toar iiu>laliincnts. •
ed outia.-chec.kjipay.ableT.to^hlmselJ for" ;
, the remaining few hundreds. j/V\*iien he
V reached * the* A pacha f National* on ;the
, t £orner^ of , Coipradb^ andiTejcas streets
he ' wa"s * the . one ? and < tw.ep ty ¦•
Jeventh ;man, in. 'the^ queued ¦ which* ex
ended around the corner, and doubled
-¦"baclc.and 1 fprjLh*" in ,th"e cross^streets' to'
I the stoppage- of ' all -'.The/'an
* nbuncem'ent-ln -the. Clarion had done Its
b work, and - tie ( balo^^l v flower ¦ of » panic;'
• which !^,ls Juggler's * rosa 1 f or /quick
ygrowingv'posslbilities, * waa /filling the
!^ery*air 'or»the; street .with .'its , acrid'
! pert dnieTrtha'.: scent "of y all others ; that
soonest . .drives, menij mad. ¦ ;..• ; v . . - '*•
'< .'Major, Jaines Gullford.-. the. prttsident
. of the Apache. National, .was In' tha
: ;cage .with^th'e sweating. paying tellers,
VandMt'was'to'.htoiithat Kent presented
¦ his' check : when, his turn cama. .
; :. "What!; You jtoo, f Kentr* said; th«
president^ V. Teproachfully. '^"I 'thought
¦y^u-ibjad- more-' backbone." - * "* '"'. '
.'¦>; Kent; shook; his head. ' r^
$ "Gaston jhaa . absorbed nine-tent|xs ;of t
..th'e money r"b'rought'hereV; : ni absorb'
.'..the 'remaining tenth myself,' If It's Jut
the m*ms to yon. Major. Thank yon."
_And the hundred and twenty-seventh
man pocketed his sal vast from the
wreck and fought his way out through
the Jam at the doors. Two hours fur
,ther tlong in the forenoon the Apache
National suspended payment and tha
-bank examiner was wired for.
* For sud'deimesa an<3 thoroughgoing
'cpifc'p.Jsteness -the Gaston bubble-burst
ing, was;a record-breaker. For a week
kijtl^i*day'ti^fe was a frantic struggle
fp*< enlargement, .and by the expiration
of v a : fortfiis%({|jthe liie was pretty well
tramplda jput^ p>f : the civic corpse and
the stench it>egaii£ to arise.
Flight- upnvr.khy terms then became
the order *pf.thel:4ay, and if the place
l^ad been f sudjleniy^jptasue-smltten the
panicky ... exodus ."Vcbuid '^scarcely have
been.didreYh^ft^s.'' the less, In
My<.eu£h,di4did^rjy there
are stragBj&sVpe^fiMcei some left like
¦tran.de d j^fu^ks^^Jijr.j the jebblng tide;
others *ridlfcs^by!.vfec5orlhg^chalns which
rnayJ,be/nefjherisHpped5 i)pr capstaned.
t^ere were deserted
8lreejtsk'a4(^ 4 i5jii^«r- sub^r$s In ruthless
p^ofuifoaj.^ut^^re^-rwair'ilsoa hungry
rtrfndrif yisdf^Siet'yrewsf^f f the stranded
to live
or«*dIe;.asTth'^5 ! nSjsht, H jad^ presently to
•fa^rintp'^^^J^lTs^^t^lng oc% upon
ajiotW^yetween^w^los^'dr waiting Uk»
Mala
prJ$eVBtfk&js$&}jsi<i&eiTfy luckless ar
gosy-that* iriiiiit^drlftfwrthln grappling
Slstirace; "* -jr .**: , .T\& '¦ :
r^entJs^y^d^aWyJbecauss a local
»ttto*^fbr^lje)^ii[oia*'was as neces
}|aiy^»jdaSta"n:th t (v.b?te1itrcd as In Gai
!to,*rtrthe^JLr.e:|trou's;. ( piJrtly. also, becausa
He* w,ai* : 5^a l t36ijlenf-,oftKla^kind. and the
broken?clty. f sa^4 h^n^ laboratory oppor
tumticst for, the study" ; of 'human nature
a£'Us ; wdi3t.^i •'¦*«. •¦¦ '
4 He^v^ea* tliejridslnff, of tha black
fl^^as\'U»e'.0astnri7casta.ways, gattlng
a4i«C^ > <^xe': by sonei Cleared their
d^jcka-f or, ?'a^|4pn4. Sopie r Bluebeard ad
ir^lXalitJieref for sucb
liressf5ltoccasiQJRs,*fand; David Kent,
utandlngr^slde arid '• Sjpwln's cynical day
b^daop. Iija.'eye'n^iian«reson Hawk, th«
e^-dlstrict^auorhey^pn^ Major Gull
fdrd.': aHd^on;*c^e'^aVv^ G. Bucks, som*
tlnje rnayor^of t Gision -tia Iridescent.
YA^ter^a^he'^was^toi'learn that ha
hadj;Tmd > errate4.t'A~T5Jft* of th» former
Mayor. CFpr^WgenAhVfamtao tbno wu
fnttyic'o^e^andi(tlv»r» 'were no mor*
argosies^driftlng^Ga3tonward for th»
blic^h^ersHp/ sack and" scuttle. It was
Jhsper-. G>Bucks f who- called a confer
ence of 'hi3?fellow> werwolves, set forth
hi 3' new' cast- for fortune, and brought
the Junta';',, the* child of sheer despera
tion fiercely?at.bay, lnto'jhelng.
¦ It« T\;aa\ in"- the- autumn of that first
cataclysmlciyeart that . Secretary Lor
lng.^Cfaveiing^ from_Boston to the Stat»
capital^ on\a; missloa' f or tha "Western
Paciflc,*r-Btoppe"d : , or«r a train with
at rather dispiriting dinner
in^thei deserted" Mid-Continent Cafe.
and^ome" plowing, In th» field of recol
lection* in Kent's*, rooms -la the FarQU
ha'r,JStiUdlng,' »they . , took, j tha deserted
street Ini the" golden twilight t» waQc to
therai:«/ay^slatlorii.^- fa
» "It was; a decfent 1 , thing for yon t© do
—stopping' over; train with me. Grant
ham," said the* host.- when tha flva
squares intervening,,- had been half
measured.. "I have; bad all kinds of a
time but herein this God-forsaken des
ert, <but never, until to-day anything
approaching a chunnmy hour with a
man I know and care for."
" Kent had not spoken sinca they, had
felt their way out. of, tha dark lower
hairbf'&e Farquhar building. Up to
this point ths talk had tata potnt»d^
The Sunday Call Magazine
THE GRAFTERSA Man of the People.
CHAPTER II.
Loring was gazing steadfastly at the
blank,"heavy face,, so utterly devoid of
the enthusiasm the man was evoking
In others. For one flitting Instant he
thought he saw behind the mask. The
Immobile face, the awkward gestures,
the slipshod English became suddenly
transparent, revealing the real man; a
man of titanic strength, of tremendous
possibilities for good or evil. Loring
put ' up his glasses and looked again;
but the figure of the flashlight • inner
vision had vanished and the speaker
was answering his .objector as calmly
as though the house held only the sin
gle critic to b£set right.
"I'm always glad to hear a man
speak right out in meeting," he said,
dropping still deeper into the collo
quialisms. "Supposing the', corpora
tions don't see the handwriting on the
wall— won't see it, you say? Then, my
friend,- it will become the manifest duty
of the Legislature and.. the executive
to make. 'em see it; always lawfully,
you understand; always with a just
and equitable respect for the rights of
property in which our free and gldri
ous Institutions are f ouhded. but^ with
level handed justice and without fear
or favor."
A thunderous, uproar, of applause
clamored on "the .heels" of the answer,
afcd the'Hon. Jasper mopped his face
"The chance hasn't been lacking.
But my business out here is — Well, it
isn't exactly a star chamber matter,
but I'm under promise in a way not
to talk about it until I have had a con
ference with our people at the capital.
I'll write you about it in afew days."
They were ascending the steps at the
end of the passenger .platform again,
and Lcring broke away from the politi
cal and personal entanglement to give
Kent one more opportunity to hear his
word of negative comfort.
"We dug up the field of recollection
pretty thoroughly In our after-dinner
seance in your rooms, David, but I no
ticed there was one corner of it you
left undisturbed. Was there any good
reason?" :A '¦• : >.
Kent made no show' of misunder
standing.
"There was the excellent : reason
which must have been apparent to you
before you had been an hour in Gaston
I've made, my shot, and missed.'* '-
Loring entered the breach with his
shield held well to the fore. He was
the last man in the world to assault a
friend's confidence recklessly.
"I thought a good while ago, and I
still think, that you are making a
mountain, out of a mole-hill, David.
Elinor Brentwood is a .true woman in
every inch of her. She is as v much
above caring for false notions of caste
I've suffered what you've suffered.
Year after year we send our represen
tatives to the Legislature and what
comes of Jt? Why, these corporations,
looking only to their own Interests, as
they're In duty bound to do, buy 'em
if they can. You can't blame 'em
for that; it's business— their busi
ness. ' But it's our business, as
citizens of this great commonwealth
to prevent It. We have good laws
on our statute books, but we need more
of 'em; laws for control, with plain,
hohest'men at the capital, in the ju
diciary, in every root and branch of
the executive, to lnf orce 'em. With
such laws and such men to see that
they are executed .there wouldn't be
any more extortions, any rnore raising
of the rates of transportation on the
produce of our ranches and farms
merely, because the Eastern market for
that particular product happened to
jump a few cents on the dollar.
"No, my friends; plain, hard handed
farmer though I be, I can see what will
follow an honest election of the peo
ple, by the people and for the people.
The State can be— it ought to be—sov
ereign within its own boundaries. If
we rise up "as one ma*i next Tuesday
and put a ticket into the . ballot box
that says we are going to make It so,
an* keep It so, you'll see a new com
modity, tariff put into effect on the
Tf estern Pacific Railroad the day af
ter."..
The speaker paused and into the^llt
tle gap of silence barked a voice from
the gallery. ¦ S . .
•'That's what you say. But supposin'
they don't do it?" ,
tlce meted out to ourselves, our -wives
and our little- children, they'll come
down and quit watering their stock
with the sweat of our brows; and that
hold-up motto of theirs. 'All the tariff
the traffic will stand," will be no more
known In Israel!' '%
Again the clamor of applause rose
like fine dust on the throng-heated air,
and Kent looked at his watch."
"It Is time we were 'going," he said;
adding: "I guess you have had enough
of it, haven't you?"
Loring was silent for' the better part
of the way back to the railway station.
When he spoke of it was in answer to
a delayed question of Kent's.
"What do I think of him? I don't
know, David; and that's the plain
truth. He is not the man he appears
to be as he stands there haranguing
that crowd. That is a pose, and an
exceedingly skillful one. He is ' not
altogether apparent to me, but he
strikes me as being a man of Immense
possibilities— whether for good or evil
I can't say." 'V
"You needn't draw another breath of
uncertainty on. that score," was the
curt rejoinder. "He is a demagogue,
pure and unadulterated."
Loring did not- attempt to refute the
charge.
"Are he and his party likely to win?"
he asked.
"God knows," said Kent. "We have
had so mar- lightnir~ transformations
In politics in the State that nothing Is
impossible." - ;
"I'd like to know." was Loring's com
ment. , "It might make some difference
to me, personally."
"To you?" said Kent, inquiringly.
"Tha.f reminds me: I haven't given
you a chance to say ten words about
yourself."
"You swear pretty feelingly, David.
Isn't our property as good a thing as
we cf the Boston end have been crack-
Ing it up to be?"
"You know better about the financial
parf of !t than I do. But— well, you
are fresh from this anarchistic conclave
at the opera-house. You can imagine
what *the stock of the Western Pacific
or of any other foreign corporation do-
Ing business in this State will be worth
in six months after Bucks and his
crowd get into the saddle."
"You sneak as if the result of the
election were a foregine conclusion. I
hope it isn't. . But we were talking
more particularly of Miss Brentwood
and your personal* responsibilities."
The belated- train was whistling for
the lower yard, and Lorin'g was deter
mined to say. all that was in his mind.
"Yes, . so on. I'm anxious to hear —
more anxious than I seem to be, ner-'
haps." ; ' * .
"By the shortest possible route. If
you had done your duty by Elinor in
the Croydon summer, Mrs. Brentwood
would have had a bright young attor
ney for a son-in-law and adviser, and
the bad investments would tiot have
been made."
Kent's laugh was. entirely devoid of
mirth.
• "Don't trample on a man when he's
down. I was neither a prophet nor the
son of a prophet. But how bad is Vhe
smash? Surely you know that?"
"No, I don't Bradford was telling
me about it the day I left Boston. He
gave me to understand that the prin
cipal family holding at present is in
the stock of a certain Western rall
v/ay." ' j . :.
"Did he happen to know the name of
the stock?" aaked Kent, moistening his
lips.
"He did. Fate flirts with yon two in
the usual fashion. Mrs. Brentwood's
little fortune— and by consequence. Eli
nor's and Penelope's— Is tied up In the
stock of the company whose platform
we are occupinj? nt the present moment
—the Western Pacific."
Kent let slip a hard word directed
at ill-advisers in general, and Loring
took his cue from the malediction.
is moving me mightily to hold my
tongue."
"Tell me," said Kent, his indifference
vanishing in the turning of a leaf.
"Well, to begin with, Miss Brentwood
is still unmarried, though the gossips
eay she doesn't lack plenty of eligible
offers."
"Half of that I knew: the other half
I tpok for granted. Go on."
"Her mother, under the advice of
the chief of the clan Brentwood, has
been making a lot of bad Investments
for herself and her two daughters; in
other words, she has been making
ducks and drakes of the • Brentwood
fortune."
Kent v.as as deeply moved as If the
loss had been his own, and said as
much, craving more of the particulars.
"I can't give them. But I may say
that the blame lies at your door,
David."'
"At my door? How do you arrive
at that?"
tions to the speaker. -
Measured by the standard of fitness
for his .office of: prolocutor v the mar*
standing beside the stage .properties
speaker's desk was worthy a second
glance. He was dark, undersized,
trimly built, . with a Vandyke beard,
clipped closely, enough to, show, the lines
of a bulldog Jaw and eyes that had
the gift, priceless to the public speaker,
of seeming to hold every onlooking eye
in the audience. Unlike his backers in
the awkward semicircle, he- wore a
professional long coat, and -the hands
that marked his smoothly flowing sen
tences were slim and shapely^'.^. .
"Who is he?" asked Lorftii'Jf'ln an
aside to Kent.
"Stephen Hawk, the ex-District At
torney—boomer, pettifogger. ' promoter
—a charter member of the Gaston wolf
pack. A man who would persuade you
into believing in the Impeccability, k of
Satan in one breath and knife you In
tbe back for a $10 bill in the next" was
the rejoinder.
Loring nodded and again became a
listener. Hawk's speech was merely in
troductory and it was nearing Its
peroration.
"Fellow citizens, this occasion Is aa
auspicious as It is significant When
the people rise in their might to say to
tyranny in 'whatsoever form It .op
presses them, 'Thus far and no farther
shalt thou go,' the night -Is far spent
and the light is breaking in the east.
"Since the day when we first began
to wrest with compelling hands the
natural riches from the sDil of this our
adoptive State political trickery in high,
places, backed by the puissant might
of alien corporations, has ground us
into the dust * ° . <
"But now the time of our deliverance
is at hand. Great movements give
birth to great leaders; and in this, our
holy crusade against oppression and
tyranny, the crisis has bred the man.
Ladles and gentlemen, I have the
pleasure in presenting to you ' the
speaker of the evening, our friend and
fellow citizen, the Honorable Jasper G.
Bucks,' by the grace of God and your
suffrages the next Governor of the
State."
In the storm of applause that burst
upon the dramatic peroration of the
ex-District Attorney, a man rose from
the center of the stage semicircle Rnd
lumbered heavily forward to the foot
lights. Loring's first emotion was of
surprise, tempered with pity. The cri
sis born leader, heralded by. such a
flourish of rhetorical trumpets; was a
giant in . Bize ; but with his . huge fig
ure, unshapely and ill clad, all promise*
of greatness seemed to pause.
His face, .broad featured, colorless,
and beardless as a. boy's,, was either
a blank, or : an Impenetrable [ mask.
There "was no convlncement m . the
lack-luster gaze of the small, porcine
eyes; no eloquence In the harsh,. nasal
tones of the 'untrained voice, or; in the
ponderous | and awkward wavings of
the beam like arms. None, the less, be
fore he had uttered a dozen halting
sentences he was carrying "the audl-
"We are. I should think a .good bit
less of myself than I do— and that's
needless — if I trained In his company."
"Yet you will give' him a chance to
make a partisan of me? Well, come
along. Politics are not down on my
Western programme, but I'm here to
see all the .new things."
The . Gaston Opera-house was a sur
vival of the flush times, and barring
a certain tawdriness from disuse and
neglect and a rather garish • effect
which marched evenly with the brick
ar.d terra cotta fronts in Texas, street
and the American-Tudor, cottages of
the suburbs, it was a creditable relic.
• The auditorium was well filled in pit,
dress circle and gallery when Kent and
"We can kill an hour at the rally,
if you like. You have seen the street
parade and heard the band play; it is
only fair that you should see the men
agerie on exhibition."
Loring found his match box and
made a fresh light for his cigar.
"It's pretty evident that you and
'next-Governor' Bucks are on opposite
bides of the political fence," he ob
served. .
Loring got up, looked at his watch,
and made a suggestion, hoping that
Kent would fall in with it. "
"I don't know. Shall we go back to
your rooms and sit a while?"
The exile's eyes gloomed suddenly.
"Not unless . you Insist on it We
should get' back among the relics and
I should bore you. I'm not the man
you used to know, Grantham."
"No?" Bald Loring. "I shan't be hyp
ocritical enough to contradict you.
Nevertheless, you are my host. It is
for you to say what you will do with
me until train time."
Loring knew Kent's fierce poverty
pride — none better. Hence, 'he was at
no loss to account for the exile's
flight afield, or for his, unhopeful pres
ent attitude. Meaning to win trophies
to lay at Mis* Brentwood's feet the
present stage of the rough joust with
Fortune found him unhorsed, un
weaponed and rolling in the dust of
the lists.
Loring chewed his cigar reflectively,
wishing his companion would open the
way to free 6peech on the. subject pre
sumably nearest his heart. He had a
word of comfort, negative comfort, to
offer, but it might not.be said until
Kent should give him leave by taking
initiative. Kent broke silence at last
but the ¦ prompting was . nothing more
pertinent than the chalking tip of the
delayed train's time.
"An htiur and twenty minutes: that
means any time after 3 o'clock. I'm
honestly sorry- ..for you, Grantham —
sorry for any one that has to stay in
this charnel-house of a town ten min
utes after he's through. What- will
you do with yourself?"
but they lived in their own house in
the Back Bay wilderness, moved . In
Boston's older substantial circle, and,
in a world where success, economic or
other, is in some sort the touchstone,
were many social planes above a coun
try lawyer.
It is one of the prime requisites of
successful mastership to know when
to press the point home, and uhcr. to
recede gracefully. Ormsby abruptly
*hut the door upon sentiment and
carre down to thirds nractlcal.
"It is your everv-day comfsrt that
cencerrs me chiefly. I am going to
take all three of you in. charge, giving
the dependable yours: person a well
earned holiday— a little journey in
which she won't have to chaffer with
the transit people. Have you rhosen
your route to the western somewhere?"
Miss Brentwood had the fair, trans
parent skin that tells tales and th»
"And you will be bored, world with
out ?nd." he laughed. "Never mind:
I'll be decent about It and keep out of
your way as much as you like."
Again she made the little gesture of
petulant Impatience.
"You are continually placing ire in
a false position. Can't you leave me
cut of it entirely?"
"If you think that, I withdraw my
objection." she said coldly. "Mother
and Penelope will be delighted, I am
sure."
Her eyes— they were the serene eyes
of cool gray that take on slate-btue
tints in stressful moments— met his
defiantly. *- -
"Yes, you are. You know In your
own heart there Is no reason why ymi
should continue to makp me unhappy,
and you are afraid I might over-per
suade you."
"You are forgetting your promise."
she said quite dispassionately. "W»
were to be friends: as good friends as
we were before that evening at. Bar
Harbor. I told you It would be im
possible, and you said you were strong
enough to make it possible."
He looked at her with narrowing
eyes.
"It la possible in a way. But I'd
like to know what door of your heart
it is that I haven't been able to open.'*
She ignored the pleading and took
refuge In a woman's expedient.
"If yoxi insist on going back to th»
beginnings. I shall go back, al3o— to
Abigail and the trunk-packing."
He planted himself squarely before
her, the mask lifted and the masterful
soul asserting itself boldly.
"It wouldn't do any good, you know.
I am going with you."
"To Abigail and the trunkroomT*
"Oh. no; to the Jumping-off place
out West— wherever it is you are going
to hibernate." . * . % .
"No," she said decisively; "you mus^
not."
"Why?"
"My saying so ought to be sufficient
reason." . .
"It isn't." he contended, frowning
down on her gcodnaturedly. "Shall I
tell you why you don't want me to go?
It is because you are afraid."
"I am not," she denied.
"I don't know; sometimes I think I
should. But I have had to be the man
of the house since father died."
"I know." he said. "And It is the
petty anxieties that have made you
put the woman to the wall. I'm here
this morning to save you some of
them: to take the man's part In your
outsetting, or as much of it as I can.
When are you going to give me th«
right to come between you and all the
little worries', Elinor."
She turned frc-m him with a faint
gesture of cold impatience.
"I suppose not. Yet I'm always try
ing to make myself believe other th!ng9
about you. Don't you like to be cared
for like other wc-men?"
"The sentimental yor.nsr woman went
out some time ago, didn't she? One
can't be an anachronism."
"You arc hard with me. Elinor — al
ways flinty and adamantine, and that
sort. Have you no sqft side at all?".
She laughed.
It was precisely cm T the day set for
the Brentwoods' westward flitting that
the postman, making- his morning
round, delivered David Kent's asking
at the house In the Back Bay sub-dis
trtpt Elinor was busy packing for the
migration, but she left Penelope and
the maid to cope with the problem of
compressing two trunkfuls into one
while she read the letter, and she was
reading it a second time when Mr.
Brookes Ormsby's card came up.
"You go, Penelope." she begged.
.There la so much to do."
"Not I,'* said the younger sister,
cavalierly; "he didn't come to see me."
Whereupon Elinor smoothed the two
small wrinkles of impatience out of her
brow, tucked her letter into her bosom,
and went down, to meet the early morn
ing caller.
Mr. Brookes Ormsby, clubman, gen
tleman of athletic leisure and inheritor
of the Ormsby millions, was pacing
back and forth before the handful of
fire in the drawing-room grate when
she entered.^ •
"You don't deserve to have a collts
sheep dog- friend,'* he protested Re
proachfully. "How was I to know that
you were going away?"
Another time Elinor might have felt
that she owed him an explanation, but
Just now she was careful, and troubled
about the packing.
"How was I to know you didn't
know?" she retorted. "It was in the
Transcript."
"Well 1 " said Ormsby. "Things have
come to a pretty pass when I have to
keep track of you "through the soceity
column. I didn't see the paper. Dyck
man 'brought me word List night at
Vineyard Haven and we broke a pro
peller blade on the Amphitrite trying
to get here in time."
"I am so sorry — for the Amphitrite."
she said. "But you are here and in
good -season. Shall I call mother and
Nell?"
"No. 1 1 ran out to see if I'm in time
to do your errands for you— take your
tickets, and so on."
"Oh. we shouldn't think of troubling
you. James can do all those things.
And falling James, there Is a very de
pendable young woman at the head of
this household. Haven't I 'personally
conducted' the family all over
.Europe?"
"James Is a base hireling," said the
caller, blandly. "And as for the cap
able young woman: do I or do I not
recollect a dark nisht on the German
frontier when she was glad enough to
call on a sleepy fellow pilgrim to help
her wrestle with a particularly thick
headed customs officer?"
"If you do. it Is not especially kind
of you to remind her of it."
He looked up quickly, and the mas
terful soul of the man. for which the
clean-cut, square-set jaw and the ath
letic figure were the outward present
ments, put on a mask of deference and
humility.
The "Bostonlans.
CIL\PTEU IlL
reminlscent; of the men of their uni
versity year, of mutual friends in the
far-away "God's country" to the east-.
ward, of the Gastonian epic, of all
things save only two— the exile's cast
for fortune in the untamed West, and
one other.
'That- brings us a littla, nearer to the
things that be— and to your prospects,
David," said the guest. "How are you
fixed here?"
Kent shrugged.
"Gufton is dead, as you see; too dead
to bury."
"Why don't you get out of it, then?"
"I shall some day, v perhaps. Up to
date there has been no place to go to
ar.d no good way to arrive. Like some
thousands of others, I've made an ass
uf myseif here, Loring."
"By coming, you mean? Oh, I don't
know about that. You have had some
hard knocks. I take it but if you are
the same David Kent I used to know
they have made a bigger man of you."
"Think so?" * >' - '
"I'd bet on it We have had the Gas
ton epic done out for us in the news
papers. No man could live through
such an experience s.s you must have
had without growing a few Inches.
Hello! What's this?"
A turned corner had brought them In
front of a lighted building in Texas
street with a straggling crowd gath
ered about the porticoed entrance. As
Loring fpoke th.ere was a^ rattle of
snare drums, followed by the dum-dum
of the bass, and a brass band ramped
out the opening measures of a cam
paign march. >
"It is a rally," said Kent when they
had passed far enough beyond the zone
of brase-throated "clamor-ings to make
the reply audible. "I told you that the
Gaston wolf-pack had gone Into poll
tics. We are in the throes of a State
election, and there is to be a political
speech-making at the opera-house to
nig-ht, with Bucks in the title role. And
there is a fair measure of the deadness*
of the town! When you see people
flock together like that to hear a brass
band play, it means one of two things:
ihat the town hasn't outgrown the
country village stage, or else it has
I>assed that and a.11 other stages and is
veil on its way to the cemetery."
"That is one way of putting it" Lor
ing; rejoined. "If thinps are as bad as
that, it's time you were moving on,
don't yon think?"
"I guess so." was the lack-luster re
eponFe. "Only I don't know where to
go, or what to do when I get there."
They were crossing the open square
In front of the wide-eaved passenger
Btation. A thunderous tremolo, doini
natirg the distant band music, thrilled
on the still air, and the extended arm
of the station semaphore' with its two
danplinjj lanterns wagged twice. '
"My train," said Loring, .quickening
his step. '
"Xu." Kent corrected. "It Is a special
from the vtst. bringing a Bucks crowd
!"¦> the political, rally. Number Three
isn't due for fifteen minutes yet, and
she is always late/
Th c v mounted the steps to. the sta
tion platform tn good to meet the
three-tar special as it came -clattering
in over the switches, and presently
found themselves in the thick of the
crowd of de-barking ralliers.
It vas a mixed masculine multitude,
fairly typical of time, place. and Ocea
nian; stalwart men of the soil for the
greater part, bearded and bronzed and
rough clothed, with here and there a
range rider in picturesque leathern
chaps, naggizig pistols and wide-flapped
sombrero.
Loring stood aside end put up his
i-y-plasEes. It v.as his first sight t near
at hand of the untramrneled West in
puris naturalibus, and he was finding
the spectacle both instructive and di
vtrtir.p. LookfnR to Kent for fellow-
Fhip he saw that his companion was
holding himself stiffly aloof; also, he
remaikfd that none of the boisterous
partisans flung a word of recognition
in Kent's direction.
"Don't you know any of them?** ho
asked.
Kent's reply **as lest in the deep
chested bull-bellow of a cattleman from
the Rio Blanco.
"Hold on a minute, boys, before you
scatter: Line up here, and let's give
three cheer? ar.d a tail-twister for next
Governor Bucks! Now, then — every
body: Hip. hip — "
The ripping cra?h of the cheer jarred
Lorinjr's eyeglasses from their hold and
be replaced tli3"n with a smile. Four'
Times the ear-j-jilitting shout went up.
and as the echoes of the "tiger** trailed
ofi r into filc-nce the stentorian voice was
lifted again.
"Good enough! Now, then, three
frroj:ns for the land syndicates, alien
mortgagees and the Western Pacific
Itailroad, by grabs: And to hell with
'cm!*'
The responsive clamor was a thing
to l,e acutely remembered — sustained,
long-drawn. vindictive; a nerve
¦wrenchir-s pandemonium of proans,
yelpings avA catcalls, in the midst of
which the partisans shuffled in loose
marching order and tramped away
tov.nward.
"That answers your question,
doesn't it?" said Kent, smiling sour
ly. "If not. I can set it out for you
In words. The Western PadCe is "the
best hated corporation this side of
the aflssisflppi, ar.d I am its local at
torney."
"I don't envy you." said Loring. "I
had no idea the opposition crystallized
Itself in any such tone-rote ill will.
You rr.ust have the v.hole weight of
public sentiment against you in any
railroad litigation."
"I do." said Kent, simply. "If every
complainant against us had the right
to pack his own jury we couldn't fare
worse."
"What is at the bottom of it? Is
It our pricking of the Gaston bubble
by building en to the capital?"
"Oh, no; it's much more personal to
these shouters. As you may, or may
not, know, our line — like every other
Western railroad with no competition
—has for its motto, 'AH the' tariff the
traffic will Ftand.' and it bleeds the
country accordingly. But we are for
getting your train. Shall we go and
tee how lite it is?"
with a colored handkerchief and took
a swallow of water from the glass on
the-desk. - • -..,...
"Mind you,, my. friends,. I'm not say*
Ing. we are not going to find 'plenty of
stumps and. roots and- a tough sod In
this furrow we are going to plow. It's
only the , fool or the ignoramus who
underrates the strength of -his oppo
nent.'; It Is ' going to be Just' plain,
honest Justice : and j.tbe will *:of the
people against the; -money of the
Harrlmans and the ,: Goulds and 'the
Vanderbllta and all the rest, of 'em.'
But the law is mighty, and it will pre
vail. Give us an honest Legislature to
make such laws,, and an executive
strong- enough to enforce 'em, and^the
sovereign State will stand out glorious
and triumphant -.:¦¦ as . • a monument
against oppression.. t -??V?
"When that' time comes— and it's a-,
coming, my friends — the corporations
and the syndicates will read- the hand
writing on the wall; aon^t you be
afraid of that If - they "should be a
little grain thick-headed 'and sort &
blind at .first, as old King Belshazzar
was, it may. be that the sovereign State
will have -to give. 'em an object-lesson
— lawfully, always lawfully, you .under
stand. But when they see, through the
medium- of such an object-lesaon pr
otherwise, as, the case may. be, that w»
mean business; when they, see that we,
the people of this great and growing
commonwealth, mean to assert our
rights to live and move and have our
beiruc. to have faic, even-hasnied lus-
as you ought to be.**
"I know her nobility: which Is all
the more reason why I shouldn't take
advantage of it. We may scoff at the
social Inequalities as much as we
please, but we can't laugh them out
of court. As between a young woman
who is an heiress in her own right,
and a briefless lawyer, there are differ
ences which a decent man Is bound ta
efface. " And I haven't been aWe."
"Does Miss Brentwood know?"
j "She knows nothing at all.. I was un
willing' ;to entangle her, . even with a
confidence." *
"The more fool you." said Loring,
bluntly.\ "You call yourself a lawyer,
and you have not yet learned one of
the' first principles of common Justice,
which is that a woman has some rights
which even a besotted lover Is beund
to respect. You made love to her that
summer at Croydon; you needn't deny
it. And at the end of things you walk
off to -make your fortune without com
mitting yourself; without knowing, or
apparently caring, what your stiff
necked poverty-pride may cost her In
years of uncertainty. You deserve- to
lose her." ' ' " ,' ,
Kent's smile was "a fair measure of
his unhopeful mood. :¦„..?;
"You can't well lose what, you have
never had. I'm not such an ass as to
believe that she cared greatly."
"How do you! know? Not by-any
thing you ever gave her a chance to
say, I'll dare swear. I've a bit of quali
fied good ntw» for you, but the spirit
ence with him step by step; moving
the great concourse of listeners with
his commonplace periods as a melli
fluous Hawk could never hope to move
'JLfrtng saw the miracle in the throes
of its outworking; saw and felt it in
.his own proper, person, and sought in
vain to account for it. Was there some
subtle magnetism in this great hulk
°i *h man that made itself *felt in spite
°£ « ts hamperings? Or was it merely
that the v people, weary of empty rhe
toric and unkept promises, were ripe
to welcome and to follow any man
whose apparent earnestness and sin
cerity atoned for all his lacks?
ExplainMt as he might. Loring soon
assured himself that the Hon: Jasper
G. Bucks was laying hold of the sen
timent of the audience as though it
?? er « a thing tangible to be grasped by
the huge hands. Unlike Hawk, whose
speech^ flamed' easily into denuncia
tion whenMt touched on the alien cor
porations, he counseled moderation and
lawful reprisals. Land syndicates, rail
roads, foreign capital in whatever em
ployment, were prime necessities in
any new and growing commonwealth.
The province of the people was not to
wreck the ship, but to guide it. And
the remedy for all Ills lay In controll
ing legislation, faithfully and ' rigidly
lnforced. '
: "My friends: I'm only a plain, hard
handed " farmer, as those of you who
are my fellow townsmen can testify.
But I*v« «**n what you've seen, and
flndlng and recrimination and had
finally made an end of the matter by
"bestowing her dowry of hillside acres
on the son of a neighboring farmer.
Therefore Kent had stagnated
quietly, living with simple rigor the
life he had marked out for himself;
thankful at heart, Loring had- sus
pected, for the timely intervention of
the farmer's son. but holding himself
well in hand against a repetition of
the sentimental offense. . All this until
the opening of the summer hotel at
the foot of Old Croydon and the com
ing of Elinor Brentwood.
No one knew Just how much Miss
Brentwood had to do with the long
delayed awakening of David Kent;
but in Loring's forecastings she en
joyed the full benefit 'of the doubt
Prom tramping the hills alone or
whipping the streams for brook trout,
David had taken to spending his after
noons with lover-like regularity at the
Croydon Inn, and at the end of the
season had electrified. the sleepy home
town by declaring his Intentions to go
West and grow up with the country.
In Loringr's setting forth of the
awakening the motive was not far to
seek. Miss Brentwood was ambitious,
and If her interest In Kent had been
only casual she would not have been
likely to point him to the wider bat
.tlefleld. Again, apart from his modest
patrimony, Kent had only his profes
sion. The Brentwoods were not rich,
as riches ax* measured la mlHioruu
his guest edged their way through the
standing committee in the foyer; but
by dint of careful searching they suc
ceeded in finding two seats well around
to the left, with s a balcony pillar to
separate them from [ their nearest
neighbors. ,'
Since the public side of American
politics varies little with the varia
tion of latitude or' longitude, the
man from the East found himself
at once in homeful and remindful
surroundings.' There was the cus
tomary draping of flags under the
proscenium arch and across the set
piece vijla of the background. In the
semicircle of chairs arched from wing
to wing sat the local and visiting
political lights; men of all trades, these,
some of them a little shamefaced and
111 at ease by reason of their unwonted
conspicuity; all of them listening with
a carefully assumed air of strained at
tention to the speaker of the moment. .
Also there was the characteristic
ante-election audience? ' typical of all
America—the thing most truly typical
in a land where national types are
sought . for microscopically, wheel
horses who came at the party call; men
who came In the temporary upblaze of
enthuBiastio patriotism, which is light
ed with the opening of the campaign
and which goes out like a candle in a
gust of wind the day after the election;,
men 'who came to applaud blindly, and
a few who came to cavil and deride.
Lortn» oriented himself in a leisurely
«resweej> and bo cam* by •asy grad*-
"If I were you. David, I'd write and
ask; I should, by Joye. It would be a
tremendously cheeky thing to do, of
course, having such a slight acquain
tance with her as you have, but I'll
be hanged if I shouldn't chance it. And
in the meantime, if I don't ko back
Bast next week, you'll hear from m?.
When_you do, or if you do. tako a
day off and run up to the capital. I
shall need you. Good-by."
Kent watched the train pull out:
Stood looking after it until the two red
eyes of the rear signals had dis
appeared in the dusty darkness of the
illimitable plain. Then he went to hla
rooms, to the one which was called by
courtesy his office, and without allow
ing himself time for a nice balancing
of the pros and cons, squared himself
at the desk to write a letter
The train was In and the porter had
fetched taring's handbag from the
checkstand. The. guest paused with
one foot on the step of the sleeping
car.
"Well, she is coming West, after a
bit. She and her sister and the mother.
Mrs. Brentwood's asthma i$ worse and
the wise men have ordered her to the
interior. I thought you'd like to know."
"Is she — are they coming this way?"
asked Kent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
Train No. 3. the Western flyer, was
late, as Kent had predicted — just how
late the operator could not tell; and
pending 1 the chalking up of its arriv
ing time on the bulletin board the
two men sat on an empty baggage
truck and smoked In companionable
silence.
While they malted Loring's thoughts
¦were busy with many things, friendly
eolicitude for the exile serving as the
point of departure. Ho knew what a.
handfact friend might know; how
Kent had finished his post graduate
course in the law and had succeeded
to his father's small practice in the
New Hampshire county town where
he was born and bred. Also he knew
how Kent's friends, college friends
who knew his g-ifts and ability, had
deprecated the burial; and he him
self had been curious enough to pay
Kent a visit to spy out the reason
why. On their first evening together
In the stuffy little law of
fice which had been his father's, Kent
had made a clean breast of it: there
was a youns woman in the case, and
a promise passed before Kent had
gt>ne to college. She was a farmer's
daughter, with no notion for a- change
of environment; wherefore she had
determined Kent's career and the
•scene of it, laying its lines in the nar
row field of her own choosing:.
Later, as Loring knew, the senti
mental anchor had dragged until it
¦was hopelessly off .holding-ground.
The young woman had laid the blame
at the door of the university, had
given Kent a bad half-year of fault-""You are the pink of j dragomans,"
she said. "Don't you want to go and
smoke ?"
with three strangers.
Dinner, over, . there remained, but
twenty minutes of respite; but the
diplomatist kept his head, going back
to the -sleeping-car . with his charges
and dropping into the . seat beside
Elinor .with the' light of calm assurance
in his eye. ..
"You are quite comfortable?" he
began* "Sha'n't I have the Presence" in
the buffet make you a cup of tea'? That
in the diner didn't deserve the name."
She was regarding him with curious
anger in the gray eyes, and her reply
quite the kindly offer of re
freshment. . . .... .,-.;..
As if the solution of continuity had
been a call to arouse her, Elinor treed
her hand with a. swift little wrench
and sat bolt upright in her corner.
„ "You make me very happy," he said
quietly, and Just then 'the train
slopped" with a jerk, and a. shuffling
tuistle of station : platform noises
floated in through the open deck
transoms of the car.
The* lights of ' a town suburb were
flitting past the windows and the
monotonous song of the tires was
drowned in the shrill crescendo of the
brakes. She turned from him sudden
ly and laid her cheek against , the
grateful cool of the window pane. 'But
when he took her hand she did not
withdraw it. - .
"Is it mine, Elinor?" he whispered.
"You see, I'm not asking much." . ¦,
• * "Is it worth taking— by • itself ?"
. "I understand that you don't love
me in the novelist's sense of ¦the word,
and I am not asking more than you
can give. But if you can give me the
little now, and more when I have won
It — don't curl your lip at me, please:
Fm trying to put it as mildly as I
can."
She -was looking at him level-eyea
and he could have sworn that she was
never calmer or more self-possessed.
"I don't know why you should want
my promise— or any woman's — on
such conditions," she said evenly.
• "But I do," he insisted.
"There was-a time when I should
have begged. hard for something more,
Elinor; but now -"I'm -willing . to .take
what I can get. and be thankful. Will
you give me the right to make you as
happy as I* can on i the unemotional
basis?" ¦ . • ¦--,-. ; •
She felt herself slipping.
"If you could fully understand "
late, them. The elderly banker in the
opposite section was. nodding over his
newspaper, and the newly married
ones 'were oblivious, each to all else
but -the other. Mrs. Brentwood was
apparently sleeping peacefully three
seats' away and Penelope was invisible.
So it came about that the outcome of
the cataclysm was a thins which hap
pens, often enough" in a conventional
ized world. David Kent, with his trag
edy fresh upon him. dropped informally
into place as one of the party of five;
and of all the others Penelope alone
suspected how hard he was hit. And
when all was said, when the new
modus, Vivendi had been" fairly estab
lished and the hour grew late, Kent
went voluntarily:. with. Ormsby to the
smoking compartment, "to play the
string out decently," as he afterward
confessed to Loring.
"I see you know how to get the most
comfort out of your tobacco," said the
clubman when . they - were companion-
Measuring it out in all its despairing
length and breadth after the fact; he
was deeply, grateful to Penelope. Miss
ing her ready help at the moment of
cataclysms when he entered the sleep
ing-car, he might have ¦ betrayed him
self. His first glance lighted on Elinor
and Ormsby, and • he needed no gloss
on the love-text. He had delayed too
long; had asked too much of the fates,
and Atrooos, the scissors-bearing sis
ter, had snipped his thread of hope.
It is one of the consequences of civili
zation that we are denied the privilege
of unmasking at the behest of the ele
mental emotions — that we are con
strained to bleed decorously. Making
shift to lean heavily on Penelope, Kent
came through without doing or saying
anything unseemly. Mrs. Brentwood,
who had been sleeping with one eye
open,* and that eye upon Elinor and
Ormsby, made sure that she had now
no special reason to be ungracious to
David Kent. For the others. Ormsby
was good-naturedly suave, Elinor was
by turns unwontedly kind and curious
ly silent and Penelope — but, as we say,
it was to Peneloue that Kent owed
most.
In the midst of the type-rattling the
boy that served the few occupied of
.fices in the Farquhar building had
brought the afternoon ' mail. It in
cluded a letter from Loring, and there
was another reversive upheaval for
the exile. Loring's business at the
capital reas "no longer a secret. He
had been tendered the resident man
agement of the Western Pacific, with
headquarters on the ground, and had
accepted. His letter was a brief note,
asking Kent to report at once for legal
duty in the larger field. -
' "I am not fairly in the saddle yet,
and shall not be fOr a week or so,"
¦wrote the newly .appointed manager.
"But I find I am going to need a level
headed lawyer at my elbow from the
Jump— one who knows the State po
litical ropes and' isn't afraid of a
scrap. Come in on No. Three to-day.
If you can; if not, send a wire and say
when I may look for you. Or, bet
ter still, wire anyway."
David Kent struggled with his emo
tions until he had got his feet down to
the solid earth again. Then he tore
up the half written resignation and be
gan to smite things in order for the
flight. Could he make No. Three ?
Since that was the train named in
Penelope's message, nothing short of a
catastrophe should prevent his mak
ing it. .
He did make it, with an hour to
spare; an houT which he proceeded to
torn into a time of sharp trial for the
patient telegraph operator at the sta
tion, with his badgerings of the man
for news of Number Three. The train
reported — he took it as a special
miracle wrought in his behalf that the
Flyer was for this once abreast of her
schedule— he fell to tramping up and
down the long 1 platform, deep In an
ticipatlve preflgurings. •• The mills of
the years grind many grists i besides
the trickling stream of the hours—
would he find Miss Brentwood as he
had. left her? Could he be sure of
meeting her on the frank, friendly
footing of the Croydon summer? He
feared not; feared all things—lover
like.
He hoped there would he no ab
sence-reared barrier to be painfully
leveled. A man among men, a leader
in some sort, and in battle a soldier
who could hew his way painstakingly,
if not drarnaticaly, to his end, David
Xent was *o- carpet knight, and he
knew his lack. Would Elinor make
things easy for him. as she -used to
daily in the somewhat difficult social
atmosphere of the exclusive summer
hotel? V. ; *>-;
It had been a day of upsettings for
David Kent, beginning with the late
breakfast at which Neltje, the night
watchman at the railway station, had
brought him Penelope's telegram.
At 10 he had a case in court: Shot
well vs. .. Western Pacific Company,
damages for stock killing; for the
plaintiff — Hawk; for the defendant —
Kent. With the thought .that he was
presently going to see Elinor again,
Kent went gayly to the battle legal,
meaning to wring victory out of a
jury drawn for the most part from
the plaintiff's stock raising neighbors.
By dint of great perseverance he man
aged to prolong the fight until the
middle of the afternoon, was worsted,
as usual, and so far lost his temper as
to get himself called down by the
Judge, MacFarlane.
Whereupon he went back to
the Farquhar building and to
his office and sat down at the
typewriter to pound out a let
ter to the general counsel, resigning 1
his sin»cure. The Shotwell case was
the third he had lost for the com
pany in a single court term. Justice
for the railroad company, under pres
ent agrarian conditions, was not to be
had in the lower courts, and he was
weary of fighting the losing battle.
Therefore
GRAFTER V.
Journey's End
"If he should happen to drop in un
expectedly it will give Ellie the shock
of her life," she mused; and the tele
gram was smuggled into the hands
of the porter to be sent as occasion
offered.
Those who know Mr. Brookes Orms
by best were wont to say that the world
of action, a world lusting avidly for re
sourceful men, had lost the chance of
acquiring a promising leader when he
was born heir to the Ormsby millions.
Be that as it may, he made the most
of such opportunities for the exercising
of his gift as came to one for whom the
long purse leveled most barriers— had
been making the most of the present
leaguer of a woman's heart — a citadel
whose capitulation was not to be com
passed by mere money-might, he would
have said.
Up to the final day of the long west
ward flight all things had gone well
with him. True, Elinor had not thawed
visibly, but she had been tolerant;
Penelope had amused herself at no"
one's expense save her own— a boon
for which Ormsby did not fail to be
duly thankful; and Mrs. Brentwood
had contributed \ her mite by keeping
hands off. . .; .
But at the dining-car luncheon on the
last day's run Penelope, languishing at
a table for two with an unresponsive
Ormsby for a vis-a-vis, made sly men
tion of the possible recrudescence of
one David Kent at a place called Gas
ton—this merely to note the effect upon
an unresponsive table mate.
In Penelope's observings there was no
effect perceptible. Ormsby said "Ah?"
and asked if she would have more of
the salad. But later, in a contempla
tive half -hour with his pipe in the
smoking compartment, he let the scrap
of information sink in and take root.
Hitherto Kent had been little more
than a name to him— a name he had
never heard on Elinor's lips. But if
love be blind in the teens and twenties,
it Is more than apt to have a keen* gift
of insight in the thirties and beyond.
Hence by the time Ormsby had come
to the second filling of his pipe he had
pieced together . bits of half-forgotten
gossip about the Croydon summer, cu
rious little reticences on Elinor's part,
vague hints let fall by Mrs. Brentwood
— enough to enable him to chart the
rock on which his Jtove argosy was
drifting, and -to ham* it— David Kent.
Now/to a well-knhr man of the world
— who happens to be a heaven-born
diplomatist into the .bargain— to be
forewarned is to be doubly armed. .'At
the end of the half-hour of, studious
solitude in the smoking-room* Ormsby
had cricked out his course on the chart
"Oh, I don't know; any other young
woman of his acquaintance would, I
fancy. I have half a mind to do It
myself. I like him, if you don't care
for him any more."
Thus Penelope; and «. little while
afterward, finding herself in the li
brary compartment with blanks and
pen and ink convenient and nothing
better to do, she impulsively made the
threat good in a ten-word message to
Kent.
"Why should I?" said Elinor warily.
Penelope's fine eyes clouded. At
times Elinor's thought processes were
as plain as print to the younger sis
ter; at other times they were not.
?'I should think the least we could do
would be to let him know," she ven
tured. "Does anybody know what time
the train passes Gaston?"
"At 7:15 o'clock to-morrow evening,"
was the unguarded reply; and Pene
lope drew her own conclusions from the
ready answer and the folded time table
ia Elinor's lap.
"Well, why don't you send him a
wire? I'm sure I should."
"We are on our own railroad now,
aren't we?" she asked, with purposeful
lack-interest. "And— let me see — isn't
Mr. Kent at some little town we pass
through?"
"It is a city," said Elinor. "And the
name is Gaston."
"I remember now." Penelope rejoined.
"I wonder if we shall see him?"
"It is most unlikely. He does not
know we are coming and he wouldn't
be looking for us."
"What a vivid imagination you have,
Nell, dear," she scoffed. Then she
changed the subject arbitrarily: "Is
mother quite comfortable? Did you
have . the porter put a screen in her
window? — You know, she always insists
she can't breathe without it."
Penelope evaded the gueries and took
her turn at subject wrenching — an art
in which she excelled.
She was still gazing- steadfastly upon
the wall of outer darkness when the
porter began to make down the berths
and Penelope came over to sit in the
opposite seat. ' A moment later the
younger sister made a discovery, or
thought she did. . .
"Why, Elinor Brentwood:" she said.
"I believe you are crying!"
Elinor's smile was serenity undis
turbed. ,
said something that made him think
he ought to try. But it's no use. It was
only a little summer -idyl, and we
have both outlived it."
As may be surmised, a diligent suitor,
old enough to plan thoughtfully, and
yet young enough to stimulate the
youthful ardor of a lover whose hair
has not begun to thin at the temples,
would lose no ground in a three days'
journey and the opportunities it af
forded. -
In Penelope's phrase, Elinor "suf
fered him," enjoying her freedom from
care like a sleepy kitten; shutting the
door on the past and keeping it shut
until the night when their through
sleeper was coupled to the Western
Pacific Flyer at A. and T. Junction.
But late that evening, when she was
rummaging her handbag for a hand
kerchief, she came upon David Kent's
letter and read it again.
"Loring tells me you are coming
\West," ho wrote. "I assume there is
at • least one chance in three that you
will pass through Gaston. If you do,
and if the hour is not altogether im-
It was the final straw. When any
weakness of the human heart can find
a seeming virtue to go hand in hand
with It, thq battle is as good as lost;
and at that moment Brookes Ormsby,
placidly refilling his short pipe in the
smoking-room of the Pullman, was by
no means in the hopeless case he was
sometimes temoted to fancy himseW.
Elinor faced her major weakness
unflinchingly. She was not a slave
tc luxuries — the luxuries of the very
rich. On the contrary, she had tried
to make herself believe that hardness
was a part of her creed. But latterly,
she had been made to see that there
was a .formidable array of thing3
which Brookes Ormsby's wife might
reckon among the simplest necessities
of the dafly life, but which David
Kent's wife might have to forego; nay,
things which Elinor Brentwood might
presently have to forego. For she
ccmpelled herself to front the fact
of the diminished patrimony square
ly. So long as the modest Western
Pacific dividends were forthcoming,
they could like comfortably and with
out pinching. But failing these
"No, I'm not great enough," she con
fessed, with a little shiver. "I should
be utterly miserable. If I could afford
to indulge in ideals it would be differ
ent; but I can't— not when one word
of mine will build a barrier so high
that all the soul-killing little skimp
ings can never climb over it. And be
sides, I owe something to mother and
Nell."
Her eyes grew hot under the closed
lids when she remembered. At the
time the hard saying was evoked there
v.-as money enough for two, if David
Kent would have shared it. But he
had held his peace and gone away,
and now there was not enough for
two.
She closed her eyes, recalling the
words and the occasion. "Yon are
merely wasting time and sentiment on
this young upstart of a country law
yer, Elinor. So long as you were con
tent to make it a summer day's
amusement, I had nothing to say; you
are old enough and sensible enough to
choose your own recreations. But in"
justice to yourself, no less than to
him. you must let it end with our go
ing home. You haven't money enough
for two."
"I promised not to bore you." he
had said, "and I sha'n't. Send the
porter after me if there is anything
I have forgotten to do."
She took up the mag .ie he had
left on the seat beside lu-r and sought
to put away the disquieting th'oughts.
But they refused to be dismissed, and
now among them rose up another,
dating back to that idealizing sum
mer at the foot of Old Croydon, and
having its genesis in a hard saying of
her motlier's.
"Was she strong enough to walk this
hedged-up path alone — single-hearted
enough to go on holding out against
her mother's urgings, against Orms-\
by's masterful wooing, against her
own unconquerable longing for a sure
anchorac in some safe haven of man
ful care and supervision; all this that
she mi«*ht continue to preserve her in
dependence and live the life which, de
spite its drawbacks, was yet her own'.'
There were times when she doubted
her resolution; and this first night of
the westward journey was one of
them. She had thought at one time
that she might be able to idealize
David Kent, but he had gone his way
to hew out his fortune, taking her up
slirrings of his ambition in. a purely
literal and selfish sense, so far as she
could determine. And now there was
Brookes Ormsby. She could by no
possibility idealize him. He was a
fixed fact, stubbornly asserted. Yet he
was a great hearted gentleman, un
spoiled by his millions, thoughtful al
ways of her comfort, generous, self
effacing. Just now, for example, when
hv had done all) he had seemed to
divine her wish to be alone and had
betaken himself to the smoking com
partment.-
Two sections away the inevitable
newly married pair posed unconscious
ly to point the moral for Miss Brent
wood. She marked the eagerly antici
pative solicitude of the boyish groom,
contrasting it now and then with
Onr.sby's less obtrusive attentions. It
was all very absurd and sentimental,
she thought; and yet she was not with
out a curious .heart-stirring of envy
provoked by the self-satisfied com
placency cf the bride.
"What had that chit uf a gri»l done to
earn her immunity from self-defend
lngs and the petty anxietie'S? Nothing,
Elinor decided; at least, nothing more
purposeful than the swimmer does
when he Jeis himself drift with the
current. None the less, the immunity
was hers, undeniably, palpably. For
the first time in her life Miss Brent
wocd found herself looking, with a lit
tle shudder of withdrawal and dismay,
down the possible vista— possible to
every unmarried woman of twenty
four — niilestoned by unbroken years of
spinsterhood and self-helpings.
The westward journey began at the
appointed hour in the evening with
the resourceful Ormsby in. command;
and when the outset-ing, In which she
had to sustain only the part of an
obedient automaton, was a fact accom
plished. Elinor settled back into the
pillowed corner of her sleeping-car sec
tion to enjoy the unwonted sensation of
being the one cared for instead of the
caretaker.
She had traveled more or less with
her mother and Penelope ever since
her father's death, ana was well used
to taking the helm. Experience and
the responsibilities had made her self
reliant, and her jesting boast that she
was a dependable young woman was
the simple truth. Yet to the most mod
ern of girl bachelors there may come
moments when the soul harks back to
the eternal-womanly, and the desire
to be petted and looked after and safe
conducted is stronger than the bachelor
conventions.
The Flcshpats of Egypt.
possible, I should like to meet your
train. One thing among the many the
past two years have denied me — the
only thing I have cared much about, I
think — is the sight of your face. I shall
be very happy if you will let me look
at you — just for the minute or two the
train may stop."
There was more of It; a good bit
more; but it was all guarded common
place, opening no window In the heart
of the man David Kent. Yet even in
the commonplace she found some faint
interlinings-of the change In him; not
a mere metamorphosis of the outward
man, as a new environment might
make, but a radical change, deep and
biting, like the action of a strong acid
upon a fine-grained metal. \
. She returned the 'letter to its envel
ope, and after locking up Gaston on the
time-table fell into a heart-stirring
reverie, with unseeing eye fixed on the
restful blackness of the night rushing
rearward past the car windows.
"He has forgotten." she said, with a
little lip-curl of disappointment. "He
thinks he ought to remember, and he
is trying;— trying because Grantham
to a boat's* length; had trimmed his
sails to the minutest starting of a
sheet. A glance at his watch and an
other at the time table gave him the
length of his respite. Six hours there
were; and a dining-car dinner* inter
vened. Those six hours and the din
ner, he decided, must win or lose the
race. . -
Picturing for ourselves, if we may,
how nine men out of ten would have
given place to panic ardor, turning a
possible victory, into a hopeless rout,
let us hold aloof and mark the general
ship of the tenth, who chances to be
the heaven-born.
For five of the six precious hours
Ormsby merely saw to it that Elinor
was judiciously marooned. Then the
dining-car was reopened and the even
ing meal was announced. Wating until
a sufficient number of passengers had
gone forward to insure a crowded car,
Ormsby let his party fall in with the
tail of the procession, and the inevit
able happened. Single • seats only
could be had, and Elinor was compelled
to dine in solemn silence at a table
"I mean all that an honest man can
mean," he rejoined. "I have fought
like a soldier for standing-room in the
place you have assigned me;- I have
tried sincerely — and stupidly, you will
say — to be merely your friend, just the
best friend you ever had. But it's no
use. Coming or going, I shall always
be your lover."
"Please -'don't," she said, neither
coldly, nor warmly. "You are getting
over into the domain" of the very young
people when you say things like that."
'. It was an unpleasant thing to say,
and he was not beyond wincing a lit
tle. None the less, he would ntft be
turned aside.
"You'll overlook it in me if I've
pressed the thing too hard on the side
of sentiment, won't you? Apart from
the fact that I feel that way, I've been
"going on the supposition that you'd
like it, if you could only make up your
mind to like me." e
"I do like you," she admitted; "more
than any one I ' have ever known, I
think."
The drumming wheels and a long
drawn trumpet blast from the locomo
tive made a shield of sound to iso-
"This station— do you . know, the
name of. it?" "she asked.- fighting hard
for the self-control that usually came
so easily.
Ormsby consulted his watch.
"I am not quite sure. It ought to
be—"
He brok« off when he saw that sha
was no longer listening to him. There
was a stir in the forward vestibule,
and the porter came in with a hand
bag. At his heels was a man in a
rough weather boxcoat; a youngish
man. clean shaven and wind tanned to
a healthy bronze, with an eager face
and alert eyes that made an instant
inventory of the car and its comple
1 ment of passengers. So much Orms
by saw. Then Penelope stood • up in
her nlace to greet the newcomer.
,"Wh'y, Mr. Kent!" she exclaimed.
"Are you really going on with us?
How nice of you!"
Elinor turned coolly upon her seat
mate, self-possession once more firmly
seated in the. saddle.
"Did you know Mr. Kent was going
to board the train here?" she asked
abruptly.
• "Do you mean the gentleman Pene
lope has waylaid? I haven't the pleas
ure of his acquaintance. Will you in
troduce us?"
Kent had stood something in awe,
not especially of her personality, but
of her tongue, and had been forced
to acquiesce silently In Loring's sum
ming up of Elinor's mother as a
woman who had taken culture and
the humanizing amenities of the
broader life much as the granite of
her native hills takes polish — reluc
tantly, and without prejudice to its
inner granular structure.
"Elinor, you ought to be ashamed
to keep Brookes Ormsby dangling the
way you do," was her comment when
Elinor came back. "You are your
father's daughters, both of you; there
isn't a droo of the Grimkie blood in
either of you, I do believe."
Elinor was 6Ufliciently her father's
daughter to hold her peace under her
mother's reproaches; also, there was
enough of the Grimkie blood in her
veins to stiffen her in opposition when
the need arose. So she said nothing.
"Since your Uncle Ichabod made
such a desperate mess of that copper
business in Montana we have all been
next door to poverty, and you know
it," the mother went on. Irritated by
Elinor's silence. "I don't care so
much for myself; your father and I
began with nothing-, and I can go back
to nothing if necessary. But you
can't, and neither can Penelope; you'd
both starve. I should like to know
what Erookes Ormsby has done that
you can't tolerate him."
"It isn't anything he has done, or
failed to do." said Elinor, wearily.
"Please let's not go over it all again,
mother."
Mrs. Brentwood let that gun cool
while she fired another.
"I suppose he came to say good-by.
What is he going to do with himself
this winter?"
The temptation to equivocate for
pure perversity's sake was strong upon
Elinor, and she yielded to it.
"How should I know? He has the
Air.phritrite and the Florida coast,
h2sn't he?"
Mrs. Brentwood groaned.
"To think of the way he squanders
his money in sheer dissipation!" 6he
exclaimed. "Of course, he will take an
entire houreparty with him, as usual,
and the cost of that one cruise would
set you up in housekeeping."
Penelope laughed with a younger
daughter's license. She was a stat
uesque young woman with a pose, ripe
iips. flashing: white teeth, laughing
eyes with an imp of mischief in them,
and an exquisitely turned up nose that
•was neither the Brentwood, which was
severely classic, nor the Grimkie, which
was pure Puritan renaissance-.
"Which is to intimate that he won't
have money enough left to do it when
he comc-s back," the commented. "I
wish there, were some way of making
him believe he had to give me. what
lemains of his income after he has
rper.t a!l he can on the Florida cruise.
I'd wear" Worth gowns and be lapped
in luxury for the next ten years at the
very least."
"He isn't going to Florida this win
ter." said Elinor, repenting her. of the
¦mall quibble. * "He's going West"
il;s. Brentwood looked up sharply.
••With tas?" she queried.
PeueJop- clasped her hands and tried
to look soulful.
"Oh, Ellic!" she said, "have you "
"No," Elinor retorted; "I have not."
Mrs. Brentwood wvas not indifferent
to the Ormsby millions; neither had
she forgotten a certain sentimental
summer at the f6ot of Old Croydon.
She was a thin-lipped little person,
plain spoken to the verse of unfriend
liness; a. woman in whom the rugged,
self-reliant Puritan strain had be
convs imiic-acidulous. And when the
Puritan stock degenerates in that di
rection it is apt to lack good judgment
on the business side and also the pas
sivity which smooths the way for in
competence in less assertive folk.
"I don't think anything of you that
1 ougin not to think. In that I am as
conscientious as even you could wish.
Good-by until this evening. I'll meet
you all at the statio^i."
As had come to be the regular order
of things, Elinor found herself under
fire when she went above stairs to
rejoin her mother and sister.
"Please don't think me ungrateful,"
the said, when she had thrown the
night-latch for him. "I don't mean
to be."
"We are not so easily frightened,"
£he asserted; adding, with a touch of
the austerity whieh waj her Puritan
birthright: "Nor Quite so conscience
less as you men.*!
"Conscience.' he repeated half ab
eently; "is there any room for such an
out-of-date thing in a. nation of success
fulhas? But seriously; you ought to
get rid of Western Pacific. There can
be no possible question of conscience
involved.'
"I don't agree with you." she retorted
¦with prompt decision. "If we were to
sell now it would be because we were
afraid it might prove to be a bad in
vestment. There fort, for the sake of a
presumably ignorant buyer, we have no
riffht to sell."
He smiled leniently.
"All' of \s hich goes to prove that you
three lone women need a guardian.
But I mustn't keep you any longer
from Abigail ar.d the trunks. What
time shall I 'send the expediters after
your lUE^-ase?"
ijhe told him and went with him
to the door.
blue-gray eyes were apt to confirm
them. David Kent's letter was hidden
in the folds of her loose waisted morn
ir.s po'.vn. and ehe fancied it stirred like
a tiling alive to rcmir.d her of its mes
sage. Ormcby was looking past her to
"the old-fashlcncd ormolu clock on the
high mantel, comparing the time with
his watch, but he <vas not oblivious of
the telltale Hush.
"There is nothing embarrassing
about the choosing of a route, is
there?" he queried.
"Oh, no; being true Americans, we
don't know one route from another in
our own country'." she confessed. "But
at the western e::d of it we want to so
over the Western Pacific."
Ormsby knew the West by rail routes
cs one who travels much for time
killing: purposes.
"It's a rather roundabout cow-path,"
he objected. "The Overland Short Line
is a good bit more direct; not to men
tion the service, wliieh is a lot better."'
But Elinor bad made her small con
cession to David Kent's letter, and
she would not withdraw it. %
"Probably you don't own any West
ern Pacific stock." she suggested. "We
do; ajid we. mean to be loyal to our
Ealt." »
Onnsby laughed.
"I see Western Pacific lias gone down
a few points tinee the election of Gov
ernor I2ut_ks. 11 I had any, I'd wire my
bicker Vj sell."
"Do. It may come to a bit of quick
wiring when our chance arrives. You
know Loring— Grantham Loring?"
"Passably welL I came across him
one summer in the mountains of Peru.
where he was managing a railroad. He
is a mighty good sort. I had mountain
fever, and he took me In and did for
me." -
"He is with us now." said David
Kent; "the newly appointed general
manager of the Western Pacific."
"Good!" scid the clubman. "I think
a lot *f him: he is an all-around de
pendable fellow, and plenty capable.
"By Jove! that's decent." said Orms
by, heartily. "You are a friend worth
having, Mr. Kent. But which Inside'
do you mean — tha railroad or tha
political?"
"Oh, the railroad, of course. And
while I think of it, nay office wffl b» In
the Quintard Building; and you— I sup
pose you will put up at tha Welling
ton?"
"For the present, we shall. It is Mrs.
Brentwood's notion to take a furnished
house later on for herself and daugh
ters, if she can find one. I'll keep in
touch with you."
"You are likely to have good hunting
this winter, Mr. Kent. It hasn't begun
yet, I take it?"
"Oh, no; the Assembly does not con
vene for a fortnight, and nobody short
of an inspired prophet can foretell
what legislation will be sprung. But
one thing 13 safe to count on; the
leaders are out for spoils. They mean
to rob somebody, and, if my guess is
worth anything, they are sharp enough
to try to get their schemes legalized by
having enabling laws passed by the
Assembly."
"Um.'^said the eastern man. Then
he took the measure of his companion
in a shrewd overlook. "You ax© the
man on the ground, Mr. Kent, and I'll
ask a straightforward question. If
you had a friend owning stock in one
of the involved railways, what would
you advise?"
Kent smiled.
"We needn't make it a hypothetical
case. If I had the right to advise Mrs.
Brentwood and her daughters, I should
counsel them to -<t tight in th» boat
for the present."
"Would you? But Western Paciflo
has gone off several points already."
"I know It has; and unfortunately,
Mrs. Brentwood bought In at the top
of the market. That is why I counsel
delay. If she sells now, she is sura
to lose. If she holds on, thera is an
even chance for a spasmodio upward
reaction before worse things happen."
"Perhaps: you know more about th*
probabilities than I pretend to. But
on the other hand, she may losa mora
if she holds on."
Kent bit deep into his cigar.
"We must see to it that she doesn't
lose, Mr. Ormsby."
The clubman laughed broadly.
"Isn't that a good bit like saying
that the shallop must sea to it that tha
wind doesn't blow too hard for it?"
"Possibly. But in the sorriest wrack
there is usually some small chanca for
salvage. I understand Mrs. Brent
wood's holding 13 not very. large?"
"A block of some three thousand
shares, held Jointly by her and her two
daughters, I believe."
."Exactly: not enough -to excite any
body's cupidity; and yet enough to
turn the scale If there should ever ha
a fight for a majority control.**
"There is no such fight in prospect,
is there?"
"No; not that I know of. But I was
thinking of the possibilities. If a
smash comes there will be a good deal
of horse-swapping in the middle of tha
stream — buying up of depressed stocks
by people who need the lines worse
than the original owners do."
"I see," said Ormsby. "Then you
would council delay?"
"I should; and I'll go a step farther.
I am on the Inside, In a way, and any
bint I can give you for Miss— for Mrs.
Brentwood's benefit shall be promptly
forthcoming."
"I may as well confess that I am not
entirely an unprejudiced observer," ha
admitted. "For one thing, I am in the
legal department of one ot the best
hated of the railroads; and for another.
Governor Bucks, Meigs, the Attorney
General, and Hendrlcks, the new Sec
retary of State, are men whom I know
as, it is safe to say, the general publio
doesn't know them. If I could be sure
that these three men are going to b»
able to control their own party major
ity In the Assembly I should take the
first train East and make my fortune
selling tips in Wall street."
"You put it graphically. Then the
BucksMdea is likely to prove a disturb
ing element on 'Change?"
"It is— always providing It can dom
inate its own majority. But this is by
no means certain. The political earth
quake is essentially a popular protest
against hard conditions brought about.
as the voters seem to believe, by the
oppression of tha alien corporations
and extortionate railroad rates. Yet
there are plenty of steady-going, con
servative men in the movement — men
who have no present Idea of revolu
tionizing things. Marston, tha Lieuten
ant Governor, is one of that kind. It
all defends on whether these men will
allow themselves to be whipped into
line by the leaders, who, I am very
well convinced, are a set of conscience
less demagogues, fighting . solely for
their own hand."
Ormsby codded again.
Kent blew a series of smoke rings
and watched them rise to becoxna a
part of the stratified tobacco cloud
overhead before replying.
"Of course, there have been all sorts
of rumors East— 'bull' prophecies that
the triumph of the new party means
«n era of unexampled prosperity for
the State — and by consequence for
Western stocks: 'bear* growllngs that
things are sure to go to the bow-wows
under the Bucks regime. What do you
think of it?"
"Then the railroads and the corpora
tions are not primarily to blame?" said
Ormsby.
"Oh, no. Corporations here, as else
where, are looking out for the present
dollar, but if the country were gener
ally prosperous the people would pay
the tax carelessly, as they do In the
older sections. With us it has been a
sort of Donnybrook fair — the agricul
tural voter has shillalahed the head he
could reach most easily."
The New Yorker nodded. His mil
lions were solidly placed, and he took
no more than a sportsman's interest In
the fluctuations of the stock market.
ably settled in the men's room and
Kent produced his pipe and tobacco
pouch. "I prefer the pipe myself, for a
steady thing; but at this time of night
a light Castilla fits me pretty welL Try
one?" tendering his cigar case.
Fighting shrewdly against a natural
prompting to regard Ormsby as a
hereditary enemy, Kent forced himself
to be neighborly.
"I don't mind," he said, returning the
pipe to its case. And when the Hava
nas were well alight and the talk had
circled down upon the political situa
tion In the State he was able to bear
his part with a fair exterior, giving
Ormsby an impressionistic outline- of
the late campaign and the conditions
that had made the sweeping triumph of
the People's party possible.
"We have been coming to It steadily
through the last administration, and a
part of the preceding one," he ex
plained. "Last year the drought cut
the cereals in half, and the country
was too new to stand It without
borrowing. There was little local capi
tal, and the eastern article was hun
gry, taking all the Interest the law
allows, and as much more aa It could
get. This year the crop broke all rec
ords for abundance, but the price Is
down and the railroads, trying to re
coup for two bad years, have stiffened
the freight rates. The net result is our
political overturn."
CHAPTER IV.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
"To be entirely consistent, I suppose
I ought to," he confessed, wondering
if his. throw had failed. "Do you want
me to jjo?"
"I have been alone all the afternoon:
I can endure it a little while longer, I
presume."
Ormsby permitted himself a single
heart-throb of exultation. He had de
liberately gone about to break down her
poise, her only barrier of defense, and
it began to look as. if he had succeeded.
"I couldn't help it, you . know," he
said, catchmg his. cue swiftly. "There
are times when I'm obliged to keep
away from you— times when every fiber
of me rebels against the restraints of
the false position you have thrust, me
into. When I'm taken that way I don't
dare play with the fire."
"I wish I could know-how much you
mean by that," she said . musingly.'
Deep down in her heart she knew she
was as far as ever from loving this
man; but his love, or the insistent
urging of It, was like a strong: current
drifting her whither she would not go.David Kent was silent for the strid
ing of half a square. The New Eng
land conscience dies hard, and while it
lives it is given to drawing sharp lines
on all the boundaries of culpability.
Kent ended by taking the matter in
debate violently out of the domain of
ethics and standing it upon the ground
of expediency.
"It will cost too much. You would
have to bid high— not to overcome his
scruples, for he has none; but to satisfy
his greed — which is abnormal. And,
besides, he has his pose to defend. If
he can sse his way clear to a harvest
of extortions under the law. he will
probably turn you down — and will
make it hot for you later on in the
name of outraged virtue."
Harnwicke's laugh was cynical.
"He and his little clique don't own
the earth in fee simple. Perhaps we
shall be able to make them grasp that
idea before we are through with them.
We have had this fight on in other
States. Would ten thousand be likely
to satisfy him?"
"No," said Kent. "If you add another
cipher. It- might."
"A hundred thousand is a pot of
money. I take it for granted the West
ern Pacific will stand its pro-rate?"
The New England conscience bucked
again, and Kent made his first open
protest against the methods of the de
moralizers.
"I am not in a position to say: I
should advise against it. Unofficially,
I think I can speak for Loring and the
Boston people. We are not more saint
ly than* other folk, perhaps; and we are
not in the railroad business for health
or pleasure. But I fancy the Advisory
Board would draw the line at bribing
a Governor — at any rate, I hope it
would."
"Rot!" said Harnwicke. And then:
"You'll reap the benefits with other
interstate interests; you'll have to
come in. 4 '
Kent he«Uated,- but not now on the
ground of the principle to be de
fended.
"That brings in a question which I
'am not competent to decide. Loring
is your man. You will call a con
ference of the 'powers,' I take it?"
"It is already called. I sent Ather
ton out to notify everybody as soon
as the trap wag sj>rung in the House.
We meet in the ordinary at the Canie
loL. You'll be there?"
"A little later — If Loring wants me.
I have some telephoning to do before
this thing gets on the wires."
They parted at the entrance to the
Camelot Club and Kent went two
squares farther on to the Wellington.
Ormsby had not yet returned and
./-.. ¦--.¦-•"¦ "
Kent shrugged.
"There isn't any douht about his pur
chasability. But I confess I don't quite
see how you will go about it."
"Never mind that part of it; just
leave the ways and means with those
of us who have riper experience — and
fewer hamperings. perhaps— than you
have. Your share in it is to tell us how
big: a bid we must make. As I say, you
know the man."
Harnwicke turned a cold eye on his
companion as they strode along. He
was of the square-set, plain-spoken,
aggressive type — a finished product of
the modern school of business lawyers.
"I don't understand that you are
raising the question of ethics at this
stage of the game, do I?" he remarked.
Kent fired up a little.
"And If I am?" he retorted.
"I should say you had missed your
calling. It is baldly a question of busi
ness-^or rather of self-preservation. We
needn't mince matters among our
selves. If Bucks is for. sale, we buy
him."
"Of course, we all know that. But
we don't know the particular object
yet.' Do they need the new law in their
business as a source of revenue? Or
do they want to be hired to kill it?
In other words, does Bucks want a
lump sum for a veto? You know the
man better than any of us."
"By Jove!" said Kent. "Do you mean
to say you would buy the Governor of
a State?"
"It's his own measure. I have proof
positive that he and Meigs and Hen
dricks drafted It. And all this tine
haired engineering to-night was his
or Meigs'." ,
Harnwicke thought not, being of the
opinion that the vested interests would
never say die until they were quite
dead. As assistant counsel for the
Overland Short Line he was in some
sense the dean of the corps of observa
tion, and could speak with authority.
"There is one chance left for us this
side of the courts," he went on; "and
now that I think of it you are the man
to say how much of a chance it is.
The bill still lacks the Governor's sig
nature."
Kent shook his head.
Kent's time from Alameda square
to the capitol was the quickest a flog
ged cab horse could make, but he might
have snared the horse and saved the
double fee. On the broad steps of the
•south portico he, uprushins three at a
bound, met the advance guard of the
gallery contingent down coming. The
House had adjourned.
. "One minute, Harnwicke!" he gasped,
falling upon the first member of the
corporations' lobby he could identify
in the throng. "What's been done?"
"They've taken a fall out of us," was
the brusque reply. "House bill 29
was reported by the Committee on
Judiciary and rushed through after you
left. tromebody engineered it to the
paring of a finger nail; bare quorum
to act; members who might have fili
bustered weeded out on one pretext or
another; to a man; pages all excused
and nobody heTe with the privilege of,
the floor. It was as neat a piece of
gag work as I ever hope to see if I
live to be a hundred."
Kent turned about and joined the
tewnward dispersal with his informant.
"Well, I suppose that settles it defi
nitely; at least, until we can test its
constitutionality in the courts," he
said.
The Sentimentalists.
C1IAPTHR VII.
"House bill 29 Is much too dead to
burj'." was the reassuring re
joinder. "The committee is ours, and
the bill will not be heard of again at
this session. If that is all you are
holding on for "
»They passed out of earshot, and Kent
folded his newspaper absently. House
bill 29 had been the one measure
touching the sensitive "vested
interests"; the one measure for the
suppression of which the corporation's
lobby had felt called on to take steps.
It was an omnibus bill put forth as a
substitute for the existing law defining
the status of foreign corporations. It
had originated In the Governor's office
—a fact which Kent had ferreted out
¦within twenty-four hours of its first
reading— and for that reason he had
procured a printed copy, searching it
diligently for the hidden menace he
was sure it embodied.
When the search proved fruitless he
had seen the bill pass the House by a
safe majority, had followed it to the
Senate, and in a cunningly worded
amendment tacked on in the upper
house had found what he was seeking.
Under the existing law foreign corpora
tions -were subject to State supervision,
and were dealt with as presumably un
friendly aliens. But the Senate amend
ment to House bill 29 fairly
swept the interstate corporations, as
such, out of existence, by making it
obligatory upon them to acquire the
standing of. local corporations. Char
ters were to be refiled with the Secre
tary of State; resident directories and
operating headquarters were to be es
tablished within the boundaries and
jurisdiction of the State; In short, the
State proposed, by the terms of the
new law, to deal only with creature? of
Its own creation.
Kent saw, or thought he saw, the
fine hand of the junta in all this. It
was a still hunt in which the longest
way around was the shortest way
home. Like all new-country codes, the
organic law of the State favored local
corporations, and it might be argued
that a bill placing the foreign com
panies on a purely local footing was
an unmixed blessing to the aliens. But,
on the other hand, an unprincipled ex
ecutive might easily make the new law
an engine of extortion. To go no fur
ther into the matter than the required
refiling of charters: the State-constitu
tion gave the Secretary of State quasi
judicial powers; It was within his
province to pass upon the applications
for chartered rights and to deny them
"No," said the other. "If it -wasn't
for House bill 29, I'd go to-night. They
•will adjourn to-merrow ot Monday."
David Kent was of this silent army
of observation, doing watchdog duty
fcr the Western Pacific; thankful
enough, if the truth be told, to have a
thing to do which kept him from dwell
ing overmuch upon the wreck of his
hopes. But in the closing days of the
session, when a dispatchful Assembly,
anxious to be quit of its task, had gone
into night 'sittings, the anodyne drug
of work began to lose its effect.
The Brentwoods had taken furnished
apartments in Tejon avenue, two
squares from the capitol, and Kent
had called no oftener than good breed
ing prescribed. Yet their accessibility
and his unconquerable desire to sear
his wound' In the flame that caused it
were constant temptations and he was
battling with them for the hundredth
time on the Friday night when he sat
In the House gallery listening to a per
functory debate which concerned itself
with a bill touching State waterways.
"Heavens! This thing is getting to
be little short of deadly!" fumed Cren
shawe. his right hand neighbor, who
v.as also a member of the corps of ob
servation.
"I'm going to the club for a game
of pool. Won't you come along?"
Kent nodded and left his seat with
the bored one. But in the great ro
tunda he changed his mind.
"You'll find plenty of better players
than I am at the club," he said in ex
tenuation. "I think I'll smoke a whiff
or two here and go back. Thev can't
hold on much longer for to-night."
Five minutes later, when he had
lighted a cigar and was glancing over
the evening paper, two other members
of the corporation committee of safety
came down from the Senate gallery
and stopped opposite Kent's pillar to
struggle into their overcoaots.
"It's precisely as I wrote our people
two weeks ago — a timidity scare, pure
and simple," one of them was saying.
"I've a mind to start home to-morrow.
There is nothing doing here, or going
to be done."
The session, the shortest in the his
tory of the State, and thus far the least
eventful, was nearihg its close, and the
alarmists who had prophesied evil and
evil only of the "Populist" victory were
fust losing credit with the men of their
own camp and with the country at
large.
After the orthodox strife over the
speakership of the House, and the
equally orthodox wrangle over contest
ed seats, the State Assembly had set
tled down to routine business, dispatch
ing it with such unheard-of celerity as
to win columns of approval from the
State press as a whole, thougti there
were not wanting a few radical editors
to raise the ante-e!ection cry of reform
and to ask pointedly when it was to
begin.
Notwithstanding the lack of alarms,
however, the six weeks had been a pe
riod of unceasing vigilance on the part
of the interests which were supposed to
be in jeopardy. Every alien corpora
tion owning property and doing busi
ness in the State had its own quota of
watchful defenders on the ground; men
who came and went In the lobbies of
the capitol, in the visitors' galleries,
at the receptions; men who said lit
tle, but who saw and heard all things
down to the small talk of the corridors
end the clubs, and the gossip- of the
hotel rotundas.
Of the Slaking of Laws.
"Tell me what you mean in one
word. Miss Van Brock. Don't those
fellows intend to stay bought?"
She smiled pityingly.
* "You are very young. Mr. David —
or very honest. Supposing those 'fel
lows,' a3 you dub the honorable mem
bers of the Committee on Judiciary,
had a little plan of their own; a plan
suggested by the readiness of certain
of tneir opponents to rush into print
vifh stntements which might derange
things?" • ; .
"I am supposing it with all my
might."
"That is right: we are only sup
.posing, you mult remember. We
may suppose their idea was to let
the excitement about the amend
ed bill die. down; to let people
generally, and one fiercely honest
young corporation attorney in particu
lar, have time to forget that there was
such a thing as House bill 29.
And in ~ such a suppositional case,
how much would they be surprised and
how they would laugh in their sleeves
if some ore came along and paid them
handsomely lor doing precisely what
they meant to do."
David Kent's smile was almost fero
cious.
"My argument is as good now as it
was in the beginning: they have yet
to reckon with the man who will dare
tc- expose them."
She turned from him and spoke to
the footman at the door.
"Thomas, fetch M.r. Kent's coat arid
hat from the dressing-room." And then
to Kent, in the tone she might have
used in telling him of the latast breezi
ness of the mem,ber from the Rio Blan
cc-: "I remember now what it was that
I wanted to tell you. .While you have
been trying to find Mr. Ormsby, the
Committee on Judiciary. has been re
porting the long-lost House bill 23,
If you hurry you may be . .in
time to see it passed— it .will doubtless
ga through without any tiresome de
bate. But you will hardly have time
to obstruct it by arousing public senti
ment through the newspapers."
David Kent shook the light touch of
her hand from his arm and set his
teeth hard upon a word hot from the
furnace of righteous indignation. Fot
They had reached the dimly lighted
front vestibule, and her hand was still
on his arm.
"I was interested in it," he ad
mitted, correcting the present to the
past tense.
"But after it went to the House
Committee on Judiciary yo.u left it to
more skillful or perhaps we'd better
say to less scrupulous hands?"
"I believe you are a witch. Is there
anything you don't know?"
"Plenty of things. For example, I
don't exactly know how much it cost
our good friends of the 'vested inter
ests' to have that bill mislaid in the
committee-room. But I do know
they made a very foolish bargain."
"Beyond all doubt a most demoral
izing bargain, which, to say the best
of it. was only a choice between two
evils. But why foolish?"
' "Because — well, because mislaid
things have a way of turning up un
expectedly, you know, and — "
He stopped her in a sudden gust of
feverish excitement.
"Not whqlly; only partly. You said
this matter of Mr. Ormsby's concerned
Miss Brentwood — in a way — didn't
you?"
"You will have your pound of flesh
entire, won't you? The stock is -hers,
and her mother's and sister's. I want
Ormsby to persuade them to sell.
They'll listen to him. That is all; all
the all."
"Of course," she said, airily. "How
simple of me not to. have been able
to add it up without your help. 1
saw the quotation in the evening pa
per; and I know, perhaps, better
than you do. the need for haste. Must
you go now?" She had taken his
arm and was edging him through the
press in Jhe parlors toward the en
trance 'hall.
"You haven't naid me yet," he ob
jected.
"No; I'm trying to remember. Oh,
yes; I have it now. Wasn't some
one telling me that you were interest
ed in House bill 29?"
"And Mr. Ormsby has some to sell?
I wish I had. Do you know what I'd
do?" She drew closer and laid a hand
on his arm. "I'd sell — by wire — to
night; at least, I'd make sure that my
telegram would be the first thing my
broker would lay his hands on in the
morning.'
"On general principles, . I suppose,
so should I, and for. the same rerfson.
But have I succeeded in reminding
you of that thing you were going to
tell me?"
"I wonder if you hold everybody up
like this," he laughed. "But I don't
mind telling you. .Western Ppciflc pre
ferred has gone to fifty-eight and a
half
"Why. yes; they all came to take
leave just a few moments after you
left. me. I thought of telling Mr. Orms
by you were looking for. him, but you
shut me off so snlppily— "
: "Miss Van Brock! What have you
done? T must go at once."
"Really? I am complimented. But
if you must, you must. I suppose. I
had something to tell you — something
of Importance; but I can't remember
what it was now. I never can remem
ber things in the hurry of leave-tak
ings."
As we have intimated, Kent had
hitherto found Miss Portia's con
fidences exceedingly helpful in a busi
ness way, and he hesitated. "Tell me,"
he begged.
"No. I can't remember it: I doubt
if I shall ever remember it unless you
can remind me by telling me why you
are so desperately anxious to find Mr.
Ormsby."
stock even at an advance; might re
quire time, at least. And time, with a
Bucks majority tinkering with corpor
ate rights in the Assembly, might well
be precious.
"Forgive me if I tell Ormsby first."
he pleaded. "Afterward, if you care to
know, you shall."
Miss Van Brock let him go at that,
but now the way to the smoking den
en the floor above was hedged up. He
did battle with the polite requirements,
as a man must: shaking hands or ex
changing a word with one and another
of the obstvuetors only as he had to.
None the less, when he had finally
wrought his way to tHe smoking-room
Ormsby had eluded him again.
He went back to the parlors, wonder
ing how he had mi?sed the clubman.
In tho middle room of the suite he.
found Portia chatting with Marston,
the Lieutenant Governor; and a young
woman in the smartest of reception
gowns had succeeded to Elinor's place
at the piano.
"You found him?" queried the hos
tess, excusing herself to the tall,
saturnine man who had shared the
honors at the head of the People's
party ticket with Jasper G. Bucks,
"No," said Kent. "Have you seen
him?"
a moment he fully believed she was in
league with the junta; that she had
been purposely holding him in talk
while the very seconds were priceless.
She' saw the scornful w.rath in his
eyes and turned it aside with a swift
denial.
"Xo, David; I didn't do that ' she
said, speaking to his inmost thought.
"If there had been anything you could
dc- — the smallest shadow of a chance
for you — I should have sent you flying
at the rirst word. But there wasn't;
it was all too well arranged— "
But he had snatched coat and hat
from the waitine Thomas and was run
ning like a madman for the nearest
cabstand.
There was a crush In the ample man
sion In Alameda Square, as there al
ways was at Miss Van Brock's "open
evenings," and when Kent came down
from the cloakroom he had to Inch his
way by littles through the crowded
reception parlors in the search for the
Brentwood party. It was unsuccessful
at first; but later, catching a glimpse
of Elinor at the piano, and another
of Penelope Inducting an up-country
legislator Into the mysteries of social
small talk, he breathed freer. His hap
hazard guess had hit the mark, and
the finding of Ormsby was now only a
question of moments.
It was Miss Van Brock herself who
told him where to look for the club
man—though not at his first asking.
"You did come, then," she said, giv
ing her hand with a frank little smile
of welcome. "Some one said you were
. not going to be frivolous any more, and
I wondered'if you would take it out on
me. Have you been at the night ses
sion?" \
' "Yes; at what you and your frivoli
ties have left' of it. A good third of
the Solons seem to be sitting in per-
It was the housemaid that answered
his ring at the door of the Brentwood
apartments. She was a Swede, a recent
importation; hence Kent learned noth
ing beyond the bare fact that the la
dies had gone out. "With Mr. Orms
by?" he asked.
"Yaas; Aye tank it vill pee dat yen
mans."
The pursuer took the road again,
rather unhopefully. There were a
dozen places where Ormsby might
have taken his charges. Among them
there was the legislative reception at
Portia Van Brock's. Kent flipped a
figurative coin, and gave the order for
Alameda Square. The reception there
was perhaps the least unlikely place of
the dozen.
He was no more than fashion
ably late at the Van Brock house,
and fortunately he was able to reckon
himself among the chosen few for
whom Miss Portia's door swung on hos
pitable hinges at all hours. Lorinrr
had known her in Washington,
and he had stood sponsor for
Kent In the first week of the exile's
residence at the capital. Thereafter she
had taken Kent up on his own account,
and by now he was deep in her debt.
For one thing, she had set the fashion
in the matter of legislative receptions
— her detractors, knowing nothing
whatever about it, hinted that she had
been an amateur social lobbyist in
Washington, playing the game for the
pure zest of It — and at these functions
Kent had learned many thinge per
tinent to his purpose as a watch dog
for the railroad company and legal ad
viser to his chief — things not named
openly on the floor of the House or of
the Senate chamber.
The measure as amended had passed
the Senate without debate and had
gone back to the House. Here, after
the second readme, and in the very
hour when the Argus editorial was
getting itself cast in the linotypes,
there was a hitch, ?he member from
the Rio Blanco, favoring the measure
in all its parts, and fearful only lest
corporation gold might find a technical
flaw in it, moved that it be referred to
tse Committee un Judiciary for a re
port on its constitutionality; and, ac
cordin.gly to the Committee on Judici
ary it had gone. •
Kent recalled the , passing of the
crisis, remembering how he had hast
ened to telephone the Argus editor to
kill the expose at the last moment. The
incident was now a month in the past,
and the committee had not yet report
ed; would never report, Kent imagined.
He knew the personnel of the Commit
tee on Judiciary; knew * that at
least three members ot. it were down
on the list, made up at the beginning of
the session by his colleagues in the
army of observation, as •"approacha
bles." Also, he knew by interence at
least, that these three men had been
approached, not without success, and
that House bill 29, with its fee-gather
ing amendment, was tafely shelved.
"It's an ill-smelling muckheap!" he
frowned, recalling the incidents of the
crisis at the suggestion let fall by the
two outgoing lobbyists. "And so much
of this dog watch as isn't sickeningly
demoralizing is deadly dull, as Cren
shawe puts it. If I had anywhere to go,
I'd cut (.he galleries for to-night."
He was returning the newspaper to
his pocket when it occurred to him
that his object in buying it had been
to note the stock quotations; a daily
duty which, for Elinor's sake, he had
never omitted. Whereupon he re
opened it and ran his eye down the
lists. There was a decided upward ten
dency in Westerns. Overland Short
Line had gained two points; and West
ern Pacific
He held the paper under the nearest
electric globe to make sure; Western
l J acilic, preferred, was quoted at fifty
eight and a half, which was one point
and a half above the Brentwood pur
chase price.
One minute later an excited life-saver
was shut In the box of the public tele
phone, gritting his teeth at the inanity
of the central operator who insisted on
giving him "A-1224" instead of "A
1234," the Hotel Wellington.
"No, no! Can't you understand? I
want twelve-thirty-four; one. two,
three, four; the Hotel Wellington."
There was more skirling of bells, an
other nerve-trying wait, and at last the
clerk of the hotel answered.
"What name did you say? Oh, it's
you. is it, Mr. Kent? Ormsby? Mr.
Brookes Ormsby? No, he isn't here;
he went out about two minutes aero.
What's that you say? Damn? Well,
I'm sorry, too. No message that I can
take? All right. Good-by."
This was the beginning. For the
middle part Kent burst out of the tele
phone-box and took the .nearest short
cut through the capitol grounds for the
street-car corner. At a quarter of nine
he was croEs-questioning the clerk face
to fa\ce in the lobby of the Wellington.
There was little more to be learned
about 'Ormsby. The clubman had left
his key and gone out. He was in even
ing dress, and had taken a cab at the
hotel entrance. •
Kent dashed across to his rooms, and.
in a feverish race against time, made
himself fit to chase a man In evening
dress. There was no car In sight when
he came down, and he, too. took a cab
with an explosive order to the driver:
"124 Tejon Avenue, and be quick about
Kent put two and two together, saw
the wide door of exactions which might
be opened, and passed the word of
warning among his associates; after
which he had watched the course of
the amended House bill 29 with interest
sharp-set, planning meanwhile with
Hildreth, the. editor of the Daily Ar
gus, an expose which should make
plain the Immense possibilities for cor
ruption opened up by the proposed
law; a journalistic salvo of publicity
to be tired as a last resort.
if the question pro bono publico were
involved.
CHATTER VI.
I'm glad to know he has caught on
higher up."
The locomotive whistle was droning
again, and a dodging procession of red
eyed switch-lights flicked past the
windows. Kent stood up and flung
away the stump of his cigar.
"The capital," he announced. "I'll go
back with you and help out with the
shawl-strap things." And In the vesti
bule he added: "I spoke of Loring be
cause he will be with us in anything
we have to do In Mrs. Brentwood's be
half. Look him up when you have
time— fourth floor of the Quintard."
She rose and stood beside him — a
bewitching figure of a woman who
knew her part in the human comedy
and played it well.
"Is it wise, David?" she asked softly.
"I am not denying the possibilities;
you might come between them if you
should try — I'm rather afraid you
could. But yo,u mustn't, you know;
it's too late. You've marred her, be
tween you; or rather that convention,
which makes a woman deaf, blind and
dumb until a man has fairly com
mitted himself, has marred t her. For
your sake she can never be quite all
she ought to be to him — for his sake
&he could never be quite {he same to
you." . ¦' .
He drew apart from her, frowning.
"If I should say that I don't fully
understand what you mean?" he re
joined. '•¦'
"I should retort by saying something
extremely uncomplimentary aboutyour
lack of perspicacity," she cut in ma
liciously.
"I beg pardon," he said, a little
stiffly. "You are laboring under an
entirely wrong impression. What I
have to say to Mr. Brookes Ormsby
does not remotely concern the matter
you touch upon. It's an affair of the
Stock Exchange."
"As if I didn't- know!" she coun
tered. "You merely reminded me of
the other thing. But if it is only a
business secret you may as well tell me
all about it at first hands. Some one
is sure to tell me sooner or later."
Now David Kent was growing im
patient. Down in the inner depths of
him he was perBuaded that Ormsby
might have difficulty in inducing Mrs
Brentwood to sell her Western Pacific
"He is in the smoking-room -with
five or six other tobacco misanthropes.
What do you want of him?"
"I want to say two words in his ear:
after which I shall vanish and make
room for my f betters."
Miss Van Brock was gazing stead
fastly at the impassioned face lighted
by the piano candles.
, "Is it about Miss Brentwood?" she
asked abruptly.
"In a way— yes," he confessed.
Kent was 'thinking of Lorlng's re
countal as he stood lookins down on
her. Other women were younger —
and with features more conventional
ly beautiful; Kent could find a .round
dozen within easy eye reach, to say
nothing of the calm-eyed, queenly im
provisatrice at the piano — his con
stant standard of all womanly charm
and grace. Unconsciously he fell to
comparing the two, his hostess and
his love, and» was brought back to
things present by a sharp reminder
from Portia. .
"Stop looking at Miss Brentwood
that way, Mr. David. She is not for
you, and you are keeping me wait
ing."
He smiled down on her.
"it is the law of compensation. I
fancy you have kept many a man
waiting, and will keep many another."
There was a little tang of bitterness
in her* laugh.
"You remind me of the time when I
went home from school — oh, years and
years ago. Old Chloe — she was my
black mammy, you know — had a
grown daughter of her own, and her
effort to dispose of her 'M'rand' was a
standing joke In the family. In an
swer to my stereotyped question she
stood back and folded her arms. 'Naw,
honey; dat M'randy ain't ma-ied yit.
She gwine be des lak you; look pretty,
and say. Howdy! Misteh Jawnson, an'
go 'long by awn turrer side de road.' "
"A .very pretty little, fable," ' said
Kent. "And the moral?"
"Is that I amuse myself with you —
ali of you; and in your turn you make
use of me- — or you think you do. Of
what use can I be to Mr. David Kent
this evening?"
"See how you misjudge me!" he pro
tested. "My errand here to-night is
purely charitable, which brings me
bnck to Ormsby — did you say you
could tell me where to look for him?"
manence in Alameda Square.
" 'Solc-ns,' she repeated. "That re
calls Editor Brownlow's little joke —
only he didn't mean It. He wrote of
them as 'Solons,' but the printer got it
'solans.' The member from Caliente
read the article and the word stuck in
his mind. In an unhappy hour he asked
Colonel Mack's boy— Harry, the irre
pressible, you know — to look it up for
him. Harry did it, and, of course, took
the- most public occasion he could find
to hand in his answer. 'It's geese, Mr.
Hackett!' he announced* triumphantly,
and after we were all through laugh
ing at him the member from the warm
place turned it just as neatly as a vet
eran. 'Well, I'm Hackett,' he said."
David Kent .laughed, as he was in
duty bound, but he still had Ormsby
on his mind.
"I see you have Mrs. Brentwood and
her daughters here — can you tell me
where I can find Mr. Brookes Orms
by?"
"I suppose I could if I should try.
But you mustn't hurry me. There is
a vacant corner in that davenport be
yond the piano; please put me there
and fetch me an ice. I'll wait for you."
He did as he was bidden and when
she was served he stood over her,
wondering, as" other men had won
dered, what was' the precise secret of
her charm. Loring had told him Miss
Van Brock's story. She was Southern
born, the, only child of a somewhat
ill considered match between a
young California lawyer, wire-pull
ing in the national capital in the in
terest of the Central Pacific Railroad,
and a Virginia belle tasting the de-
M^hts of h^r -first winter in Wash
ington. ' •
Later the young lawyer's State, or
life employers, had sent him to Con
gress, and Portia, left motherless in
her middle childhood,, had grown, up
in an atmosphere of statecraft, or
what passes for such, in an era of
frank commercialism. Inheriting her
mother's rare 'beauty of face and
form and uniting with it a sympathet
ic gift in grasp of detail, political and
other, she soon became her father's
confidante and loyal partisan, taking
the place, as a daughter might, of the
ambitious .young wife and mother,
who had set her heart on seeing the
Van Brock name on the roll of the
United States Senate.
Rensselaer Van Brock had died be
fore the Senatorial dream could be
realized, but not before he -had, made
a sufficient number of lucky invest
ments to leave his daughter the ar
bitress of her own future. What that
future should be not even Loring
could guess.. Since her father's death
Miss Van Brock had been a citizen of
the .world. With a widowed aunt for
the shadowiest of chaperons she had
drifted with the tide of inclination,
coming finally to rest in the Western
capital for no better reason, perhaps,
than that some portion of her interest
bearing securities were emblazoned
with the great seal of this particular
Western State.
1'enflope "arranged" It. not without
another added pang of curiosity,
whereupon David Kent found himself
the rather embarrassed third of a
silent trio gathered about the embers
of the sitting-room fire.
"Of course, you'll come. You a"re Just
.the man I'll need to back me up. I
shan't shirk; I'll take the mother into
the library and break the ice. while you
are squaring things with the youns
women. Penelope won't care the snap
of her finger either way; but- Elinor
has some notions that you are fitter to
tope with than I am. After, if you
can give me a lift with Mrs. Hepzibah,
I'll call you in. Come on; it's getting
pretty late to pro visiting."
• Kent yielded reluctantly, and they
took a car for the sake of speed. It was
Penelope who opened the door for
them at 124 Tejon avenue, and Ormstv
made It easy for his coadjutor, as he
had promised.
"I want to see your mother in the
library for a few minutes." he began.
"Will you arrange it, and take care of
Mr. Kent until I come for him?"
"I'm not sure just how well you
know Mrs. Hepzibah Brentwood." he
demurred: "but it will be quite like her
to balk. Don't you think you'd better
go along? You are the company's at
torney, and your opinion ought ,to
carry some* weight."
David Kent thought not; but a cau
tious diplomatist, having got the idea
well into the back part of his head, was
not to be denied.
"No. I don't understand anything.
For goodnes sake, find Mr. Ormsby
and make him run! This is perfectly
dreadful!"
"Isn't it? And I'm awfully sorry.
Good-by."
Kent hung up the receiver, and when
he was asking a second time at the
clerk's desk for the missing man.
Ormsby came In to answer for himself.
Whereupon the crisis was outlined to
him in brief phrase, and he rose to the
occasion, though not without a grim
ace.
"I know, and I'd like to tell you.
But I am using the public telephone
here at the Wellington and — Oh.
damn!" Central had cut him out and
it was some minutes before the con
nection was switched in again.
"Is that you. Miss Penelope? All
right; I wasn't quite through. When
Ormsby comes, you must do as he tel!s
you to, and you and Miss Elinor must
help him convince your mother. Do
you understand?"
"I may have to if I can't find Orms
by. Please don't let your mother go
to bed until you have heard from one
or the other of us. Did you get that?"
"Ye-es; but I should like to know
more — a great deal more."
"Xo, no; it's nothing of that kind.
I'll send Ormsby out and he will tell
you all about it."
"Can't you come yourself?"
"I guess I'm a little excited." said
Kent. "Something has happened —
something I cant talk about over the
wires. It concerns you and your
mother and sister. You'll know all
about it as soon as I can flr.d Orntsby
and send him out to you."
.Penelope's "Oh!" was long drawn
and gasping.
"Is any one dead?" she faltered.
Kent went to the telephone and called
up the Brentwood apartments. U was
Penelope that answered.
"Well. I think you owe it." she be
gan as soon as he had given his name.
••What did I do at 11153 Van Brocks
to make you cut me dead?" ._ -
"Why. nothing at all. I'm sure. I— I
war. leokinjr for Mr. ormsby, and—
"Not when I saw you." she broKe
in flippantly. "You were handing
Miss Portia e.n ice. Are you still look
ing for Mr. Ormsby?"
"I am — just that. Is he with you •
"No; he left here about twenty
minutes ago. Is it anything serious?"
"Serious enough to make me want
to find him as <:uick a3 I can. Did
he say he was coming down to the
Wellington?"
"Of course he didn't." laughed Pen
elope. And then, "Whatever is the
matter with you this evening, Mr.
Kent?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
(Continued Next Sunday.)
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
G9«09G999ftO999O9OO3O«
| NORTH,
| SOUTH,
• EAST,
• WEST!
I It Belter UflOICDV Mi
• tliWren": nUolLfli Isptos
Ithe1>ony
S HAS NO EQUAL FOR FIT
• 03 WEARING QUALITY.
J Mothers that have had their
£ children wear them speak of
q them in the highest praise.
0)V 'Will outwear three pairs of
9) any make; made of XXX Sea
9 Island double-twisted thread;
• stainless black; fine and wide-
5 ribbed; light, medium and
q heavy weight; double heels,
q toes and knees; soft as velvet to
O the most tender feet; all sizes,
• 25C P°'r
! IflF ROSENBERG
© || H3 |_ 7*2 Home of Quahty
• ** V 7° Stockings,
• 816 Market and II O'Farrell St.
9) Mail Orders Solicited.
990090000090009090004JQRANDER MATTHEWS, fdrama
f^Jtlst. critic, essayist/ fiction writer
and literary man-of -all-work, has
collected into a volume scattered es
says on" tODics 'off the beaten path? ot
literature which he has contributed
to the magazines for several' years
. The novelette in' the current number
of Lippincott'a Magazine is a tale of
the Great Lakes from the pen of Karl
Edwin Harriman. Its title is "A Lad's
Love." and ; through its paces the
island fisher-folk are presented as only
one who loves them in their atmos-
TWO books of widely different
worth have appeared in the
Cathedral Series of Messrs. L.
C. Page'& Co. — "The Cathedrals of
Southern France," by Francis Mil
toun. and "The Cathedrals of Eng
liind." from the pen of Mary J. -Taber.
Tb«" fli's* w.»ned is really a noteworthy
MATTHEWS'
Literary Diversions
CATHEDRAL
Lore of Old World
\\ / HEN "A Woman's Will" came
yy out a few months ago with the
name of a new writer, Ann*
Warner, appended to its title page, it
made manifest the fact that there had
come to the front a writer who was
blessed with pleasing originality and
the grace of keen wit. Simultaneously
there began to appear in the Century
a series of delightfully amusing
sketches about a certain Susan Clegg,
spinster, which proved that Anne War
ner was also the possessor of? unusual
versatility. These four Century stories
together with a new one, hitherto un
published, have been collected into a
book. Its title, "Susan Clegg and Her
TTIend Mrs. Lathrop." Though' in this
new metier Anne Warner has avow-
Though beyond the province of the
book reviewer somewhat, exception
must be made and recognition given
on this page to the book, "Japan In the
Beginning of the Twentieth Century,"
a thorough compendium of facts con
cerning the industrial, governmental
and topographical aspect of present
day. Japan, which is issued under the
authorization of the Imperial Japanese
Commission to the Louisiana Purchase
•^Exposition. The statistics of products
rand manufacture, given the most prom
inence in this publication, are at once
possessed of - the V most . Interest and
value in that they body forth the story
of the' marvelous strides made by Nip
pon since, the days? of the dawning of
- civilization. * A careful scrutiny of the
record of Imports and exports, tocether
- .-:¦¦.¦ - ¦ v; ¦ . .
SVJSAN CLEGG
of Rare Naivete
A recent contribution to Macmll
lan's Sportsman's Library is Hamil
ton Busbey*s "Trotting ; and Pacing
Horse in America." To the untutored
eye of the novice In things horsey it
appears that Mr. Busbey has incor
porated' in his book every ascertaln
ablo fact concerning the breeding of
racers, the growth of famous stables
and the methods of leading horsemen.
One reads with awe of "the tribe of
Hambletonian," "the Star family" and
"Mambrino Chief and his descend
ants" and readily consents to giving
the author all the credit due a special
ist. One who does not know a single
footer, from a Flemish dray horse,
however, cannot find himself compe
tent to pass final judgment on a book
of this character. . -
(The . Macmillan Company, New
York; illustrated; price |2.)
THE FLIGHT OF A MOTS— Emily
Post; Dod,d. Mead & Co., New York; il
lustrated; price |1 EO.
TOMMY & CO.— Jerome K. Jerome;
Dodd, Mead & Co., New York; Illus
trated; price II 60.
GOD'S GOOD MAN- Maria Corelll:
Dodd, Mead & Co., New York; price
II 50. V ,
OUR FRIEND THE DOG— Maurice
Maeterlinck; Dodd, Mead & Co., New
York; illustrated and decorated;
price II.
RECREATIONS OF AN ANTHOLO
GIST— Brander Matthews; Dodd, Mead
& Co., New York; price JL
BEVERLY OF GRAUSTARK— George
Barr McCutcheon; Dodd. Mead & Co.,
New York: Illustrated; price H 60.
SUSAN CLEGO AND HER FRIEND
MRS. LATHROP— Anne Warner; Lit
tle, Brown & Co.. Boston; illustrated:
price |1.
MORE CHEERFUL AMERICANS—
Charles Bat tell Loom Is; Henry Holt &
Co.. New York: Illustrated: price |1 25.
JIU-JITSU COMBAT TRICKS—Irv
ing Hancock; G. P. Putnam's Sons,
New York; illustrated; price H 25.
THE FIRST AMERICAN KINO—
George Gordon Hastings; Smart Set
Publishing Company, New York.
ROLAND OF ALTENBURB—Ed
ward Mott Wooley; Herbert S. Stone &
Co., Chicago; illustrated.
THE SORCERESS^-George More
head— adapted from Sardou's play of
that title; J. S. Ogilvie Company, New
York- (Paper.) *
OSEBA'S LAST DISCOVERY—
Colonel George W. Bell: New Zealand
Times. Wellington, N. Z.: illustrated.
THE BETRAYAL—E. Phimpa Op
penheim; Dodd, Mead & Co., Kaw
York; illustrated: price U 60.
There are several stories In Oc
tober McClure's which will make a
distinct impression and merit
comment. In "A Good Samaritan,"
Mary R. Shipman Andrews, with a
realism that is the truest art, describes
the humorous experiences of a young
rector and an intoxicated friend whom
he feels In duty bound to escort home.
There is -a love story and real human
interest along with It. Lloyd Osborne
In "Glass-Eyed Bill" has done one of
his very, best, full of dry humor, and a
most Interesting situation. Eugene
Wood offers another of his bully bits
of comedy from real life in describing
the • "Firemen's Tournament." It is
strong in the force of Its suggestion
and familiarity. As usual there is a
bright story of children, this time "A
Fruit of the Fair," by Marion Hill
with some Wonderful drawings by F. Y.
Cory- Lerby Scott tells a fascinating
story of mingled pathos, humor and
tragedy in "Tho Prison Days of Billy
MacCheek."
The number includes several bits of
excellent verse, "The Forerunners" by
Florence Wilkinson, "A Serenade in
Autumn" by Hermlnie Templeton,
"The Child in the Midst" by Margaret
E. Sangster, and "The World is Round"
by A. E. Housman. The number also
Includes the concluding chapters of
George Madden Martin's successful
serial, "The House of • Fulfillment."
New Books Received
There is much food for thought for
wideawake girls and boys In George
Ethelbert Walsh's article in the Octo
ber St. Nicholas, entitled "What a
Lump of Coal Could Do." .He shows
that a small lump of coal, suddenly
converted Into steam, if Its energy
were utilized, would be sufficient to
run an electric motor car full of pas
sengers two and a half miles at tha
rate of twenty miles an hour, or would
carry a train of ordinary cars and a
heavy Pullman sleeper and dining-car
one-sixth of a mile at the rate of twen
ty-five miles an hour. The article will
prove an interesting exposition of th«
transformation wrought In th» labor
field by man's utilization of coal and
its latent powers.
etarx alter this Intermission or sev
eral years we see the Princess Yetlve
and her American consort. Lorry, hur
rying back to their dominion from a
Jaunt to Washington, Impelled by ru
mors ef a disturbance along the fron
tier of the little state. Prince Gabriel,
whom we remember as the terrible as
sassin of the last story, has fled his
Granstarkian dungeon and is now in
collusion with Princess So-and-Bo of
Bnch-and-Such — object, the extermina
tion of Graustark, With fine independ
ence Beverly Calhoun, beautiful South
ern girl and friend of their Majesties,
crosses to SL Petersburg and takes an
independent Jaunt into Gra.usta.rk over
the northern border. Her traveling car
riage is held up in a fearsome mountain
pass by some wandering scallawags;
the chief of the scallawags graciously
eaves her from being devoured by a
wild lion, and thereby becomes an ob
ject of Interest for Beverly Calhoun.
The rest of the story has to detail the
particulars of how this chief of the rag
tag and bobtails is not a beggar, but a
truly Prince in exile; how ho takes ser
vice with Beverly under the impression
that ehe is the Princess Yetlve, falls
hopelessly In love with her and finally,
cf course, they live happily ever after
ward. The villain of the piece is a fierce
old bird, head of the army, who has
buried five or six wives and desires to
confer the honor of another chance on
Beverly. He is thoroughly villainous.
Princess Yetlve does nothing in the
story but act very kittenish for a Prin
cess at times, and signs the proper de
crees necessary to release this man
from prison or keep that one out.
The situations are for the most part
made over from popular fiction. In
deed, it might be well to tabulate some
of them, with their various sources,
thus:
Heroine saved from teeth of moun
tain lien; see "The Deerslayer."
Heroine helps hero to escape through
gecret passage under a chapel floor; see
"Marguerite de Valois."
Beggar is a Prince in disguise; see
"Grimm's Fairy Tales."
" 'Trapped at last,' a sardonic voice
hissed"; eee "The Mystery of Three-
Fingered Jack," Nick Carter library
(Dodd. Mead & Co.. New York; Illus
trated by Harrison Fisher; price 51 50.)
it that the activity of the times should
have found permanent expression In
the construction of religious edifices.
"The great cathedral church," says
the writer, "Is, next to being a symbol
of the faith, more great as a monument
to Its age and environment than as the
product of its indlvidua-1 tiullders."
Pursuant to his conception of church
architecture as the most perfect ex
ponent of the lives of the builders,
Miltoun carries the thread of history
with his descriptions, giving us the
associations that cling about all of the
most important cathedrals besides out
lines of the architectural features of
each. Through all the beautiful south
land of France the narrative carries,
into places far off the beaten path of
tourists and made known only through
that gentle voyager with a donkey, R.
L. S. His book Is thoroughly satisfy
ing and Is given an added value by the
delicately drawn illustrations by
Blanche .McManus.
"The Cathedrals of England," on the
other hand. Is not worth reading. De
claring that in the limits of one vol
ume It would be impossible to give a
full description of the architecture of
England's thirty cathedrals. Miss
Taber cloaks her evident Ignorance of
the same under the guise of a ramb
ling comment, half archaeological, half
devoted to personalia. Through litera
ture and history she has grubbed after
reference to any or all of the bishops,
priests and deacons who were associ
ated in the flesh with the several
cathedrals mentioned, and these aneo
dotal and semi-traditional Jottings are
ranged forth in chronological order
under the proper chapter heads. Pho
tographs of the several sacred edifices
give more dew to their respective
architectural features than the text.
(L. C. Page & Co., Boston; price, 1
volume, |1 60.)
With the seriousness characteristic
of the Englishman at his sports,
"Badsworth," high priest and chief
nagus of bridge whist, or bridge to
be more proper, now turns apologist
for the game he has sponspred these
ten years past and delivers himself of
a "Defense of Bridge" in pamphlet
form, which, for logic heaped up and
argument piled on argument, might
well cause the shades of Butler or
Jeremy Taylor to shiver and turn
back. From a reading of his impas
sioned apologia it appears that the
same Is delivered in reply to an at
tack by an ecclesiastical organ of
England— an attack which brands
bridge as worse than poker and com
parable only to the "rouge et nolr"
of Monte Carlo in Its blighting effects
upon society. Stoutly does "Bads
worth" rally to the charge- and val
iantly does he expound the high quali
ties of the game from the viewpoint
of ethics and sociology,
"The ' large claim for bridge," he
concludes, "is that it can bring light
and pleasure into every home in the
land, from castle to cottage, and im
prove the memory, the reasoning pow
ers and the Judgment of every man
in the kingdom from Premier to
peasant."
May we not reasonably expect some
one in our own country to come forth
now -with a defense of seven-up or a
vindication of the heartless gam* of
hearts? ¦'.
(G. P.* Putnam's Sons, New York;
price ten cents.)
The war In the East is touched upon
in two articles, an Illuminating anec
dotal paper on Admiral Togo by one of
his countrymen, Adachl Kinnosuke;
the other an Illustrated paper on "The.
Cossacks" by David B. Macgowan,
who wrote the paper on "A Russian
Lourdes" In the September Century, a
comprehensive article, dealing with the
character of the Cossacks, their horses,
military organization, tactics and spe
cial maneuvers. The illustrations in
clude a portrait of the' Cossack general.
Rennenkampff.
The fiction includes the last install
ment but one of "The Sea- Wolf," by
Jack London, and seven short stories,
as follows: "A Ready Letter- Writer?
in the Madlgan group, by Miriam
Mlchelson, Illustrated by Orson Lowell;
"The Thorn That Pricked," by Grace
Ellery Channing, with a picture by Al
bert Sterner; "Love at Long Distance,"
by James Raymond Perry, with pic
tures by John Cassel; "Tha Wuller
wups" (a "Miss Nigger" story), by
Ros,e Young; "Concerning My Aunt
Ellen," by Gouverneur Morris, Illus
trated by Leon Gulpon; "Jathrop
Lathrop's Cow," by Anne Warner (au
thor of "The Marrying of Susan
Clegg"). and "Richard's Practicing,"
a monologue by Ruth KImball Gardi
ner, illustrated by Fanny Cory.
THE frontispiece of the October
Century Is a drawing in color,
called "The Duet," by Anna
Whelan Betts, whose color work In re
cent numbers of the Century, repre
senting life of fifty or sixty years ago,
13 well known.
MAGAZINES
for Current Month
edly Invaded a field already overwork
ed by books of the "Mrs. Wiggs" and
"Second Mrs. Jim" type, her Susan
Clegg sketches have a distinct tone of
originality and can have no imputation
of imitation attached to them.
In the first story, "The Marrying of
Susan Clegg." we have that lady of
strenuous convictions introduced to us
through her guileless confessions of
matrimonial aspirations that are
poured over the back fence Into the
willing ears of a doltish neighbor. Su
san, who has faithfully served a par
alytic father through all the days of
her maidenhood, now finds age creep
ing on with the father still as a heavy
asset and no mate to share the ques
tionable Joys of her companionship.
With delightful naivete she Invites one
of her elected suitors to come and give
his professional opinion as to the prob
able duration of Clegg senior as a fac
tor in marital consideration and she
cheers herself with the aphorism that
"a watched pot never boils." A de
lightful ingenuous creature this Su
san Clegg.
But it is In the second story, "Miss
Clegg's Adopted," that the writer's
humor bubbles over with riotous effer
vescence. With father dead and burled
Susan is torn between the duty of pro
viding him with a suitable tombstone
and the desire to take to her maidenly
bosom an orphan for loving upbring
ing. The stonecutter has an entranc
ing article of graveyard furniture In
the shape of a recumbent lion, which
is moved wi^h visible grief over the
demise of the individual whom he may
be selected to honor. Here is a trans
cript of . Susan's haggling over this
treasure, as faithfully reported to Mrs.
Lathrop:
"He's three hundred dollars, but the
man says that's because his tail's out
o 1 the same block. I asked him if he
couldn't take the tail off, but he said
fwould hurt his reputation. He
said 'f I'd go up the ladder to his sec
ond floor 'n' look down on the lion I'd
never talk about sawin* off his tail,
'n' he sald't anyhow cuttin' It off would
only make it cost more because it was
cut on In the first place. I saw the
sense o* that 'n* I remembered too, *t
even 'f folks In the cemetery never can
see the tail, father '11 have to look at
it from higher up 'n the ladder In the
monument man's shed, 'n* I don't want
him to think 't I economized on the
tail of his tombstone." -
Through the experience of "Jathrop
Lathrop's Cow," the awful catastrophe
attending the discovery of Cousin Mari
on and the diplomatio disposition of
the minister's children during that
worthy's vacation. Susan Clegg's con
tinuous monologue carries the reader.
Susan Is not the philosopher of Mrs.
Rice's conception, nor the . philanthro
pist of the Mrs. Jim stripe. She Is
wholly self-centered, wholly selfish.
The charm in her lies entirely in. her
picturesque diction and the breezlhess
of her thoughts concerning the Import
of the several village happenings In
which she is either an active' partici
pant or of which she is an' Interested
spectator. Anne Warner has made her
Susan one of the most entertaining per
sonages of all the year's book people.
(Little, Brown & Co., Boston; price
II.) a"
past. He styles the whole "Recreations
of an Anthologist." The great number
of readers who hold Mr. Matthews in
familiar address through the varied
and manifold character of his writings
will find this little collection of
sketches fully satisfying, and a return
to them for those that % .have already
read them in . magazine form will not
be without profit.
In a prefatory essay of quaint
humor Mr. Matthews defines the joys
of the anthologist and the characteris
tics that he holds in common with the
collector of tea cuds or the hoarder ot
boot heels from off the shoe of fame.
Through' all of man's mania for col
lecting, be it counterfeit coins, can
celed stamps or shoe buttons, the
essayist sees clearly the primitive In
stinct of our fathers of arboreal dwell
ings, of the man in the Nth degree,
"who hung suspended by his prehen
sile tail from the boughs of the forest
primeval." So without apology -or
reservation he admits a partiality for
the Joys of the anthologist — the col
lector and compiler of literary shoe
buttons, if vou will — and he submits
this brace of essays as a sort of by
product of his larger labors.^
As supplementary to an earlier
paper of his on "The Ethics of
Plagiarism" and illustrative of '.the
way in which that charge may be
falsely Imputed by a too willing critic,
Matthews traces In his first essay the
path of an odd literary conceit down
through the centuries. By taking
from the pen of Austin Dobson one
of his rondeaus of quaint conception
he shows its earlier prototype to- be
in • the French of Volture, farther back
still in the same tongue, Desmarets,
and finally one of the strange flings
of wit of the old Spaniard, Lope de
Vega. A Journey, thus, into the lit
erary rag bag, so to speak, with an
eye to matching the colors for a crazy
quilt.
The essayist's two themes on "Un
written Books"* and "Seed Corn for
Stories" carry more Interest than any
thing else in the volume. In tha first
of these he cites the noted cases of
the Intervention of death between the
inception and the accomplishment of
a writer's task and gives us other less
known Instances of authors' promises
that have never been fulfilled. Vague
castles in the air were thoae of Rich
ard Brinsley Sheridan, who promised
to write his comedy par excellence,
"Affectation," and did not; of Mollere,
who was ever talking of a forthcoming
"L'Homme de Cour"; of Victor Hugo,
whose publishers advertised for years
a book which never wrote itself. More
fascinating still is Matthews' review
of the plots for, stories yet unwritten,
which writers have left to the world In
their crammed notebooks. "A person
to catch fire-flies and try to kindle his
household fire with them" scribbled
Hawthorne in his notebook. A man
is born into the world endowed with
an intellect far superior to those of
his fellows, according to Poe's "Mar
ginalia"; suppose he was confined as
an Insane person, what would his feel
ings be?
Though he is in no particularly ar
gumentative mood, the writer does not
make out a very good case for Ameri
can satire. Noting the fact that two
British compilers of English satire did
not see x fit to incorporate in their
works any samples of the American
product, Mr. Matthews , goes on to
trace the growth of that form of verse
in this country with illustrative pas
sages. Lowell with his "Bigelow
Papers" would appear, to be the only
writer this side of the water, meriting
the name . of . a satirist. Nor in the
domain of 7 poetic epigram can the
writer find mucti of home product that
can pass muster. Uncollected poems
of the late J H. C- Bunner. one time
editor of ' Puck,; with 't brief comment
by Matthews in the way of eludda-
Country Life in America for October
is the large annual house building
number, a complete manual with about
two hundred superb pictures, which
are practical and suggestive, as well
as beautiful. The opening feature, en
titled "Representative Country Homes."
illustrates many types for the hom»
maker, of moderate means, what th«
designers charge and rules for estimat
ing what a house will cost. Important
articles deal with "Building a House
off the Land," the story of a Long Is
land house built of chestnut log* with
local labor and from th» owner's own
drawings; "A New England Country
Home in Ohio;" "The Philosopher Who
Built," which shows tha success that
may come of a calm foresight; "Fru
gal, Frivolous and Final Floor Cover
ings;" "Windows and Window Mo
tives," and "The Finest California Pa
tio House." While a great many other
articles cover almost every feature of
house building. Including such sub
jects as "The House and the Garden,"
"The Ideal Farmhouse" — for real farm- %
ers, "How to Light the Country House,"
"How to Fit Up the Bathroom," "Re
modeling Old Houses." "The Ideal Sta
ble," and "Window Gardens."
"Pomes of the Peepul," purported to
have been written by "The Amalga
mated Di'lect Forgers' Union," is a
collection of very mediocre comlo versa
of the average newspaper variety, in
terspersed with occasional attempts at
the lyrical— also of the typical
newspaper variety. The "di'lect" Is as
mixed as the meter In most instances,
and neither combine to make uproar
ious mirth to any great extent.
(T. S. Denison, Chicago; illustrated;
price |1.) ,
jk JrONG the first of the holiday
j£\ books and lending itself readily
to the exigencies of this genre
of literature is Maurice Maeterlinck's
little "Our Friend the Dog."
Taken from the last collected volume
of the Belgian .writer's essays, "The
Doub'le Garden," and given the typi
cal Christmas dress of gay cover, il
luminated page and attractive illus
tration, this delicate bit of whimsical
reflection upon a dog's world and a
dog's destiny makes an attractive feat
ure for the coming holiday bookstall.
As we had occasion to say In a review
of "The Double Garden," this brief
essay, unique In concept and delicate
in expression, is typical of the high
est art that is in Maeterlinck. It is
his sympathetic understanding of the
hidden things In bee and flower, in the
dog even, that makes for the beauty
of his thought.
(Dodd. Mead & Co., New York; il
lustrated by PaulJ. Meylan; price
11.)
JOTTINGS
About Other Books
non, close this volume of x pleasurable
reading.
(Dodd, Mead & Co., New York;
price |l.)
The American-Jewish Year Book for
the year 5663 (1904-1900) Is a compen
dium of statistical Information of every
sort that has interest for Jewry in this
country. By Cyrus L. Sulzberger thera
Is a review of Jewish activities and
events having bearing on Jewish In
terests for the year past. N. Taylor
Phillips | contributes a biographical
sketch of Rev. Gershom Mendea Sel
xas, the patriot Jewish minister of the
American revolution. "The American
Passport in Russia," by the editor, Cy
rus Adler, gives the diplomatic as
pect of the passport question Incor
porated in the national platforms of
both the Republican and Democratic
parties. Full reports of charities,
fraternal orders and educational soci
eties complete the volume.
(The Jewish Publication Society,
Philadelphia.)
The first installment of David Gra
ham Phillips' new novel. t!The Plum
Tree, or the Confessions of a Politi
cian," appears In the October Success.
It starts out in a strong, vigorous, ep
igrammatic manner and dips well into
the "inside" of thing3. Sydney Brooks.
the noted English jo'urnalist, contrib
utes a somewhat startling article on
"Foreign Ignorance of American Af
fairs." Mr. Brooks declares that thera
are living British statesmen like Lans
downe and Balfour who do not even
know whero some of our principal
cities are located, and tells about a
certain Britisher who recently asked
Justin McCarthy If the Mississippi
River flows east and west. , Frank
Fayant contributes another of' his ar
ticles on American industries. This
time he writes about the cereal crops
and their relation to tha financial cen
ters of the world. Some of the facts
that he gives regarding the annual
wheat crop are truly remarkable.
Vance Thompson in his Interesting
"Diplomatic Mysteries" tells a thrilling
story regarding the mysterious death
of Felix- Faure, once President of
France.
wlth a survey of the banking reports
for the last few years, gives tha reader
a thoroughly clear conception of tha
real strength which lies behind the
struggle Japan Is now making for th<?
control of the Orient.
(Japan Times Office. Toklo, Japan.)
Better even did Anthony Hope fare
with his Foquel to the famous "Prisoner
of Zenda" than does Mr. McCutcheon
in his second installment of the Grau-
Etark cycle. The story here produced
is woefully lecking in spontaneity, in
unity of action and sprightllness of
handling. Many of its pages are given
over to commonplace dialogue. Several
of the situations are painfully forced.
Romance gives way to melodrama of
the rr.ost lurid stripe upon the least
provocation. Throughout the entire
story the effort of the writer to pro
duce something akin to the breathless
interest of the original "Graustark,"
something live with action and hum
ming with incident, asserts itself with
persistent presence. But the discrep
ancy between design and execution Is
fo great as almost to excite commiser
ation for the author.
As the curtain rolls ub oa Grau-
GRAUSTARK
REVIVED IN SEQUEL
a y^Evnm.y of graustark"
B% Is tfce name given by Georse
Parr MeCutcheon to his se
quel to the Graustark" of a few years
ago, which created such a breeze of ap
preciation in the reading world. "Bev
erly of Graustark" he calls it; not be
cause Beverly, the heroine, was of
Graustark vr had any close affiliation
with that hypothetical principality
"somewhere to the east of the setting
sun." but because he knows that the
:nasic name of Graustark. displayed in
bold letters on th« cover, will e«11 his
book, ami that is the principal consid
eration with most of our contemporary
writers of fiction.
contribution to the literature of travel'
and tlie bibliotheca of sacred architec
ture: the companion volume is hardly
worth putting between covers.
In the introduction to his book Mr.
Miltoun declares that "too often — it is
a half-ackr.owledged delusion, hqw
tver—ono meets with what appears to
be a theory that a book of travel must
necessarily be a series of dull, dis
cursive, and entirely uncorroborated
opinions of one who may not be fin In
telligent observer," but he continues
to remark that it lies entirely within
the province of the writer either to
make the reader an interested partner
In his peregrinations or to hold him
at a stern distance of cold indiffer
ence. The writer elects to follow the
first course and admirably does he suc
ceed, both as a ready cicerone and a
clever interpreter of the meaning that
is hidden in the graven stones of the
old church piles t>f Provence and the
Midi. Allowing himself Just enough
leeway in terms strictly architectural
to cover the demands of the specialist,
Miltoun 'discourses upon the hoary old
cathedrals from- a point of view
closely intimate for the student of his
tory and of human nature impartially.
As do other %viiters Upon ecclesias
tical architecture, the author finds in
the aspect of the cathedrals a reflec
tion of the life and thought of the
times which saw their inception. Es
pecially does he find this true in the
case of the cathedrals of Southern
France. There, as he points out in an
early chapter, the church militant had
a hold on the minds of the medieval
peoples not duplicated outside of Italy
itself. : With the spirit of the Crusades
centered in Provence and Aquitajne
and later with the Popes of the Schism
ksublislied la A.yiaion. little wonder is
First among the well-chosen short
stories comes Eleanor A. Hallowells
"Brindle Boy," In which a pretty clrl. a
bulldog and a red cart combine to mak«
a lively love story. Franct3 Howard
Williams contributes "'The Tragic
Touch." This contains both the grac«
and fire that may be confidently ex
pected from Mr. Williams. "The Way
wardness of Susan." by Luellen Casi
Teters, is a tale of a farmer's widow.
Her life had been one of renunciataion.
and after the taking off of her husband
she determined to have her "flins." Sha
Boon flnd3 out that what has before
seemed desirable Is so no longer, and
she promptly makes out a new pro
gramme. Alfred Stoddarfs sportina
stories have become an established
fact In the autumn season. The on«
entitled "Tha Dark Horse" shows dis
tinct advance in his special art.
ph*re of simplicity coula ««». The ser
pent in Eden comes (with a camera)
from a near-by city ami insidiously
wins his way, arnii the deep silence ol
the wood, into the favor of lovincr littli
Margy Kergan, whose truo island lovei
has gone for a draught of the world's
activity before settling down to "th«
simple life 1 ' with Mar t ~y. The story is
an affecting one, relieved from deepest
tragedy by native humor and a beauti
ful end.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
LEAVES FOR
BOOKWORMSbeet sugar industry requires no protecting tariff— yet by patient search all
these deviations from the normal human mind or body may be accounted
for. But the normal animal man! \ Have you ever seen one in whom some
singularity does not confuse your conception. of him as a man, distract
your attention from the fact" that his singularity was given to him to con
ceal the awful fact that he was a man? . -
Uncle Silas/ my man Martin is a normal man, and I am convinced that
he is the only one in the world.. If. he. is not a unique, his replica would
have astonished a recording world. I exert my ingenuity to surprise from
him-eyidence that he has likes or dislikes, chills or fever, insomnia' or
drowsiness, courage or cowardice,, ambition or. contentment, hope or de
spair. To no -purpose. .'One must have seen'him a dozen days to be cer
tain to recognize him on the thirteenth, yet thereafter he is the one man
xn the world impossible to forget. -'
. \ had written this much about him when I chanced to mention that I
had hopes of a visit from you, and asked 1 him if he could make a guest
comfortable' in my apartment. . .
"1 know your uncle's wants well, sir," replied Martin, -"for I've taken
ctre of him when he visited Mr. Lacquerre.''
Now the fellow, had never, said he knew you, although I had often
mentioned you. "Then you may have heard my uncle speak of me?" I
asked with a strange feeling. "Yes, sir," replied Martin. "I heard him dis
cuss this visit of yours with Ma \ Lacquerre. I was her butler then. Your
uncle asked me; if 4 1 could accept a place as. your man when you were
ready to have one." .: v '
"Oh, indeed !" r I exclaimed, and I am conscious that I suddenly looked
It may be, Uncle Silas, that I've been over-credulous in my dealing
with those who have sought me here, but it seems that I'm now to ' be
protected in one respect. But there's another in which I fear even astute
Martin will not avail to save me trouble. I refer to the matter of the pur
suit of me by mothers of eligible daughters. Not of the Aunt Sarah or
Mrs. Lacquerre class, nor yet of the. class of the mother of Miss Babe
Franklin, but a different class still, who are swimming within my ken in
such numbers and with such grimness of purpose that I am almost as much
alarmed as embarrassed. I have devoted too much space to telling you of
the change in the manner of my living. I must defer giving some account
of what it is like to be the object of a lively, contest in the marriage mar
ket. Until then, as ever, affectionately, .'I ¦¦'¦ REUBEN.
The caller made answer quite merrily: "Well, Martin, it was a long
shot to try on anybody, but I'd heard that Mr. Larkmead was an easy
mark, so I didn't waste any new tricks on him at the start. Of course, if
I'd known you were here I'd tried the best trick in my bunch, for there's
little in the way of my graft that you didn't learn to block when" you
were with Mr. Lacquerre."
"Well," rejoined Martin, in a tone he might have used in discussing
pictures, potatoes or parties, "Mr. Larkmead has it in him to be a sharp
one, but while he's learning his way around you and your crew of bunko
men will save a lot of postage in cutting him off your list, for I'm on
guard here. Now you may get ouf, for I'm expecting Mr. Larkmead home
presently."
'•So long, Martin," replied the other, seemingly undistressed by Mar
tin's plain language. "I'm glad to see you in such a good place. If I
think of a new kind of begging letter dodge I'll try it on you, for if it
passes you it will be good for fair. So long, Martin,"
. I was dazed at the condition revealed by this fortunately overheard
conversation, and. expected a long explanation of the begging letter busi
ness when I asked Martin if any one had called that afternoon.
"Only Mr. Oscar Smith, sir," answered Martin.
"I told you to keep him if he should call."
"There was no use, sir.- I gave him what he needed."
"Mongr?" . : . ..¦ -Hy:
"No, sir; advice. I've known him a long time— not as Mr. Oscar
Smith — and know that all he needs is good advice."
Martin said no more about turning the professional begging letter
writer away, and seems to include the whole strange matter in the way
of his regular duties.
at him -as if I had discovered a pond in which I could drop a pebble
without making circles..
Martin has, as a matter of routine/ assumed charge of more things
than I had supposed came within the province of a valet's duties, but this
assumption is without any degree of emphasis, not even of zeal; rather as
a matter of fact, which dissuades me from questioning the resulting
statiis. An accident showed me how varied are his activities. In the
mail he gave me this morning with the coffee he serves before mv bath
was a letter which interested me much. It was from a stranger who
pleasantly told me he had chanced to see a small man take up arms, so to
say, against a bully who was condemning my speech before the Reuben
Larkmead Club. It seems that the events of that evening are the subject
of lively controversy in the district, and my partisan, in the instance related
by my correspondent, retorted with his fist when my traducer grew vio
lent in denouncing me. My knightly friend was in a fair way to be rough
ly handled, but my correspondent saved the plucky little fellow from fur
ther punishment. "I learned that the little chap was out of work and had
been ill,!' wrote my correspondent, "so I took the liberty of rewarding
him for standing up for you asrainst such physical odds. He really is in
need of more help than I could afford to give him, but I told him that if
he would swallow his pride and let you help' him you would consider that
he had done you a further favor thereby. He was loath to apply to you
for aid, but may do so, as his necessities are great. By the way, his
name is Oscar Smith." , •
I could not but be greatly moved at reading this letter, for it is by
such evidence that I keep faith in my. heart that all New York is not a
Selfish seeking crew, eager to. impose on good nature and credulity.
iJere is a poor fellow in want and ill who, without hope of reward, takej
my part to the point of physical assertion. As chance has given me
knowledge of his loyal nature, I shall rejoice at the opportunity to make
proper acknowledgment. I shall tell Martin that if Mr. Oscar Smith calls
in my absence he is to be detained until my return.
Later when I returned to dress for dinner I "heard voices in the din
ing-room, which aroused suspicion that Martin was entertaining callers
there. I was about to make investigation when my progress was ar
rested by hearing my name used freely by Martin and another speaker.
Martin said in his usual placid tone, "No, Mr. Oscar Smith, you can't
pluck Mr. Larkmead while I'm with him. I guess if you knew that I
was here you wouldn't try that «old trick of pretending to be a poor sick
devil who had struck a bully in defense of Mr. Larkmead. That's an old
time begging letter writer's trick."
My valet's name is Martin. I know little else about him, not even
whether that is a Christian or surname,' and beyond the fact that he was
Mr. Lacquerre's valet I never expect to know more about Martin. He is
the most peculiar man I ever encountered, chiefly so because there is
nothing peculiar about him. He has absolutely no mental, temperamental,
physical or metaphysical characteristic. . He is neither tall nor short,
thick nor thin, grave nor gay, mild nor peppery, quick nor slow. He fas
cinates me, although for a time his colorlessness made me all but uncon
scious of his being.
Doubtless that which we ordinarily note in an individual to differentiate
him in some small oddity which fixes our attention to the exclusion of
the consideration that he is a human being. A- man — an unfeathered, bare
man — is an almost. exciting thing to contemplate. Martin is without that
oddity which fixes attention to the specimen rather than to genus— is with
out, for example, any view of things with which I differ or which i do not
understand; is devoid of any eccentricity of accent or vocabulary or of
manner. He is revealed simply as a human being, and as merely such
becomes the wondrously involved problem the poet-philosopher has urged
us to study. What, then, is man?
We can by study and judicial weighing understand the mental abnor
mality of holders of the most radical views; we know that physical devia
tion from -the normal accounts for the most grotesque deformity; a man
may eat glass, walk on coals, beat his wife,' delight in poetry, prefer lemon
to milk in his tea, denounce wealth, commit murder, write book , reviews,
deny the truths of higher criticism, become" a professional gymnast though
he may have but one leg; believe in fortune tellers or even assert that the
I report these eccentric views of Mrs. Lacquerre's because they may
explain to you why my reception here has not been as general or as en
thusiastic as I had anticipated. Now I must take up in . chronological
order the events which altered my style of living and started me on the
way to make a "gang" of my own in the set to which Mrs. Lacquerre
and Aunt Sarah belong.
After my experience with that rascal valet, Bowker, the matter of en
gaging an apartment for me was undertaken by Mrs. Lacquerre, to my
great relief of mind. She also obtained a valet for me, but when I urged
her to order the furnishing of my apartment she declined.
"Let your Aunt Sally do that," she said. "Dear Sally is having fre
quent fits over our chumship — yours and mine — in fear that I'll capture you
for my gal, Frances. It would look rather mother-in-lawy for me to spend
any money for you, so let dear Sally shop for you. Sally's a fool .in
many things, and she's saying unlovely things about me because you don't
marry your cousin Josephine, but she has mighty good taste about house
furnishing, and will not spend so much money for you as I would. The
delirkfus delight of emptying another purse than my own would be too
much for me."
So Aunt Sarah furnished the apartment, and with perfect taste, no
doubt; but if she is an economical shopper I am fortunate to have escaped
the machinations of an expensive one.
DEAR UNCLE SILAS: The change in my estate has been so
notable since my letter of a few weeks ago that I have a sense
of being another person than the Reuben Larkmead who came
here to New York from Beetville to finish his education in the
School of Man. I have seen several finishes, as the saying is,
but my education still progresses. When I first came here it seemed to me
that for the possessor of wealth living in the modern hotels constituted the
acme of luxury. I supposed that to a man of my superior intelligence the
doors of New York's literary and artistic sets would fly open in welcome.
I was convinced that the advent of a scholar and a gentleman would be
heralded as an event of importance. I imagined that the income I enjoy
would have been sufficient of itself — if no other attribute did so — to attract
the attention of financiers. That to one so well equipped with profound
views on matters of national policies statesmen would extend the calm
hands of fellowship. Not so!
I find that I was wasting wealth at a hotel for a mere mask of lux
ury, a pretense of comfort: that New York's literary and artistic sets, if
such exist, are unmindful of my presence; that the advent of a scholar and
a gentleman is of less interest to New York than the arrival of a prize
winning bulldog; that the income I enjoy is relatively so unimportant that
it has as yet attracted the attention only of schemers; that as to my views
on national policies, so far from stirring statesmen to hospitality, I have
had to hire a hall and contend with a riot on the only occasion when I
have aired my political opinions in this benighted city.
As 1 am one quick to perceive conditions and sensitive to environment
I already conclude, after but a few months of neglect, that I must not wait
in modest retirement for a call to make my merits known, but, as a quaint
saying In vogue here expresses it, "butt in" wherever I wish to enter. I
find it repellant to my sense of a man's duty to man to adopt Mrs. Lac
querre's advice to let the world wag as it \villj undeflected by effort of mine
to wag it as I will. She counsels me that men of wealth and social posi
tion have found it futile to attempt to take the conduct of public affair!
out of the hands of men of no wealth and no social position who now
control. She expresses herself on the subject in "those vague generalities
common to her sex, as when she says, "The people have determined that,
before a man shall be trusted with the direction of public affairs he shall
have proved himself incapable of conducting any other affairs success
fully; shall not have obtained a competence nor social distinction, such
attainments being evidence of unfitness to guide the affairs of those who
have failed. Dear old Jack," the lady continued, speaking of the late Mr.
Lacquerre, "while he was well housobrokc, and did not interfere with mj
way of running our domestic affairs, had a fussy notion that a man o»
leisure and education should devote some of his means and brains to the
conduct of public affairs. What did he* get out of it? A diamond-studded
match box, for which he had to pay in the end. as well as the hill for the
dinner at which it was presented by his adoring district club — which de
nied him a nomination to Congress on the ground that his income and so
cial popularity made him obnoxious to the voters.
"It served the dear old chap right for mixing up outside of his class.
Bah! Take a worldly woman's advice, Reuben, and believe that no man
or woman was ever rcalij r comfortable in a position won by butting in.
Not that you can't get anything you pine for, from the Presidency to an in
vitation to occupy an opera box — on a repeat night — by hard, consistent
butting. But when you've got it, and know that you got it by- butting,
that knowledge must destroy any feeling of triumph. When one knows
that he is de trop and yet can enjoy the situation, one is a pig. Keep to
your own class, to your own set in your own class, and. as much as possi
ble, to your own gang in your own set. Then there will be no more ham
mers out for you than are needed for your own proper guidance. You
are started right at last, in your own apartment, with your own servants;
and the thing for you to do is to pace along soberly until, you have snug
gled into a set. Then make your owji gang, and at last you will begin to
have interests in common with others; common duties, recreations, fol
lies and virtues with a few men and women. That, my boy, is what con
stitutes society as society is spoken of among us. A woman, let us say,
comes to New York and is introduced in the Brown-Smith-Jones set, and
straightway thinks she is in the Brown-Smith-Jones society. She proba
bly met them, as a matter of fact, because Brown or Smith or Jones want
ed to pull her husband's leg. When the leg is pulled — nothing more doing,
Reuben! The Brown-Smith-Joncses have common interests grown up out
of a lifetime of intimate association. What the deuce do they want with
Mrs. Lady-whosc-husband's-leg-has-been-pullcd? Nevertheless, the lady's
local home paper prints with pride that she is in the Brown-Smith-Jones
set in New York. But she knows "she isn't. My, my, honey, how hard
she knows she isn't!"
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
ADVENTURES OF REUBENC«5jyrtj3n. 380*. fcy Central Xeirs and Pre«a Exchanxa.
Another entertainer told me the following story, although' If
was a joke against himself. He and Corney Grain were sharing one
summer a cottage on the river. A man called early one day to
discuss affairs, and was talking to Corney in the parlor, which
was on the ground floor. The window was open. The other en
tertainer—the man who told me the story — was dressing in the
room above. Thinking he recognized the voice of the visitor be
low, he leaned out of his bedroom window to try to hear better.
He leaned out too far and dived headforemost into a bed of flowers,
his bare legs— and only his bare legs— showing through the open
windo.w of the parlor. "Good gracious," exclaimed the visitor;
turning at the moment and seeing a pair of wriggling legs above
the window sill: "Who's that?" Corney fixed his eye-glass and
strolled. to the window. "Oh, it's only Whatshisname," he ' ex
plained. "Wonderful spirits. Can be funny in the morning.*
In real life I never knew but one case where a man suffered,
in silence — unpleasantness he could have ended with a word — and'
that was the case of the late Corney Grain. He had been engaged
to give his entertainment at a country house. The lady was a
nouvelle riche of snobbish instincts. She left instructions that
Corney Grain when- he arrived was to dine with the servants. The
butler, who knew better, apologized, but Corney was a man not
easily disconcerted. He dined well, and after dinner, rose and ad
dressed the assembled company: "Well, now, my good friends,"
said Corney, "if we have all finished, and if you are all agreeable,
I shall be pleased to present to you my little show." The servants
cheered. The piano was dispensed with. Corney contrived to
amuse his audience very well for half an hour without it. At ten
o'clock came down a message: Would Mr. Corney Grain kindly
come up into the drawing room. Corney went. The company in
the drawing room were waiting seated. "We are quite ready, Mr.
Grain," remarked the hostess. "Ready for what?" demanded Cor
ney. "Four your entertainment," answered the hostess. "But IVe
giver/it already," explained Corney; "and my engagement was for
one performance only." "Given it. Where? When?" "An hour
ago, downstairs." "But this is nonsense," exclaimed the hostess.
"It seemed to me somewhat extraordinary," Corney replied, "but
it has always been my privilege' to dine with the company I am
asked to entertain. I took it you had arranged a little treat for the
servants." And Corney left to catch his train.
A troubled evening I had years ago was when I accompanied a
young widow to a . musical "at home" given by a lady who
had more acquaintances than she kneiv. My friend spoke first.
"Say, Mrs. Dash?" The butler did not wait for more, but shouted
out: "Mr. and Mrs. Dash?" "My dear, how very quiet you have
kept it," cried our hostess delighted. "Do let me congratulate you?'
The crush was toq great and our hostess too distracted at the mo
ment for any explanations. We were swept away; and both of us
spent the remainder of the evening feebly, protesting our single
ness. If it had happened on the stage it would have taken us the
whole play to get out of it. Stage people are not allowed to put
things. right when mistakes are made with their identity. If the
light comedian is expecting a plumber, the first man that comes
into the drawing room has got to be a plumber. He is not allowed
to point out that he never was a plumber; that he doesn*t look
like a plumber ; that no one but a blithering idiot would mistake
him for a plumber. He has got to be shut up in the bathroom and
have water poured over. him just as if he were a plumber — a stage
plumber, that is. Not till right at the end of the last act is he per
mitted to remark that he happens to be the new curate. I sat out
a play, once at which most people laughed. It made me sad. A
dear old lady entered toward the end of the first act. We knew
she was somebody's aunt. Nobody can possibly mistake the stage
aunt — except the people on the stage. They, of course, mistook
her«for a circus rider and shut her up in a cupboard. It is what
cupboards seem to be reserved for on the stage. Nothing is ever
put in them except the hero's relations. When she wasn't in a
cupboard she was in a clothes basket or tied up in a curtain. All
she need have done was to hold on to something while she said to
the hero: "If you'll stop shouting and jtfmping about for just ten
seconds and give me a chance to observe that I am your maiden
aunt from Devonshire, all this tomfoolery can be avoided." That
would have ended it. As a matter of fact that is what did end it,
at five minutes past eleven. It never occurred to her to say it be
fore. /
* * *
For folks closely related to lions, introductions must be try-
Ing ordeals. You tell them that for years you have been yearning
to meet them — that this is indeed a privilege. They, then, at this
point, have to explain to you that they are not the Mr. So-and-So,
but only his brother or his father ; and all you can think of to say
is, "Oh, I'm so sorry." I had a nephew who was a famous ama
teur bicycle champion — I have him still, but he has come down to
a motor car. In sporting circles I was always introduced as "Shor
land's uncle." But my case was not so bad as that of a friend of
mine, a doctor. He married a leading actress and was known ever
afterward as "Miss Blank's husband." ~'At public dinners, where
you take your seat for the evening next to some one you have pos
sibly never met before and are never likely to meet again, finding
conversation is difficult and dangerous. I remember talking to a
lady at a Vagabond Club dinner. She asked me during the course
of the evening — with a light laugh, as I afterward recollected —
what I thought candidly of the last book of a certain celebrated
authoress. I told her and a coldness sprang up between us. She
was the celebrated authoress. She had changed her place so as to
avoid sitting" next to another lady novelist. One has to change
one's place sometimes on these occasions. A newspaper man
came up to me once at the Mansion House. "Would you mind
changing places with me," he asked. "It's so awkward. They've
put me next to my first wife."
* *'
sirous of agreeable partners — "an agreeable person," according to
the late Lord Beaconsfield's definition, being "a person who agrees
with you"— <o\ild make their own selection. "Excuse me. Would
you mind turning round a mimite. Ah, r Wagnerian Crank.' I am
afraid we should not get on together. I. prefer the Italian school."
Or, "How delightful. 1 see you don't believe in vaccination. May
I take you in to supper r" Those, on the- other hand, fond of
argument would choose a suitable opponent. A master of cere
monies might be provided who would stand in the -center of the
room and call for partners: "Lady with strong views on subject
of female franchise wishes to meet with gentleman of sound con
servative principles." "Brewer of comfortable means desires intro
duction to lady abolitionist."
ON BEING INTRODUCED
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
I have sometimes thought it. would be a serviceable device if
in society we all of us wore a neat card— pinned, : say, upon our
backs — setting forth such information as is necessary; one's name
legibly written and how to be pronounced ; our age (not necessarily
in good faith, but for the purposes of conversation. I seriously
hurt a German lady once by demanding of her information about
the war of eighteen 1 seventy. She looked to me forty. It turned
out she was only twenty-seven. Had I not been an Englishman 1 1
might have had to fight a duel) ; our religious and political beliefs,
together with a list of the subjects we were most at home upon,
and a few facts concerning our career— sufficient to save : . the
stranger from what is vulgarly termed "putting his foot in it."
Before making jokes about Chamberlain; or discussing' the South
African war, one would" glance behind him arid note whether one's
companion was ticketed "Imperialist" or "Pro-Boer." Guests de-
friendship. Don't seem to be looking too closely at her — got a
slight squint she doesn't like noticed." By this time we have
reached the lady, and he introduces one as a friend of his simply
dying to know her. "Wants to talk to you about your book," he
explains; "disagrees with you entirely on the subject of platonic
friendship. Sure you'll be able to convince him." It saves us
# both a deal of trouble. I start at once on platonic friendship and
ask her questions about twins ; avoiding sausages and coke. She
thinks me a most interesting man; and I am less bored than other
wise T might be. ' ¦'¦¦•'*
CHARMED. Very hot weather we've been having lately —
I mean cold. Let me see. I did not quite catch your
name just now. Thank you so much. Yes, very nice
man indeed. No, I'm only passing through. And a si
lence falls, neither of us being able to think what to say next.
What has happened is this: The editor of the has
met me in the doorway and shaken me heartily by the hand. "So
glad you were able to come," he has said ; "some friends of mine
here, very anxious to meet you." He has bustled me across the
room. "Delightful people. You'll like them— have read all your
books." He has brought me up to you and presented me. We have
exchanged the customary commonplaces; and you are waiting for
me to say something clever, original and tactful ! And I don't
know whether you are Presbyterians or Mormons, protectionists
or free traders; whether you are engaged to be married or have
lately been divorced.
A friend of mine adopts the sensible plan of always providing
you with a short history of the person to whom he is about to lead
you. "I want to introduce you to a Mrs. Jones," he whispers;
"clever woman. Wrote a J)ook two years ago. Forgot the name
of it — something about twins. Keep away from sausages— father
ran a pork shop in the Borough. Husband on the Stock Ex
change. Keep off coke — unpleasantness about a company. You'll
get on best by sticking to the book. Lot in it about platonic: .','Is she pretty? Is she .fascinating?
Do men like. her?" were the questions
that were , running , through "her ; mind.
Of course, as his mother's guest. Jack
would have to pay her a good . deal of
attention. - • • ... •-.-....
"Hurry up!" she ordered suddenly,
feeling a quick, breathless need to find
out herself just how . seductive
Miss- Dariby'was,' and five .minutes
later,; she • was : greeting ." a : tall," dark
girl, whose -eyes 'and smile nullified
all attempts at criticism. :
Jack, too, seemed impressed • by the
unusual character of the : newcomer's
charm. In repose, her face was almost
ugly. Then she would turn-those won-
derful, coercing eyes upon you and
smile, and forever after you watched
and waited. .
Even In the first hour Felicia trem
bled for her supremacy. Covertly she
noticed that Jack was . as irresistibly
attracted as she herself was. For ten
whole minutes he had not once looked
in her direction. , •
"She has a lovely smile," the latter
observed 1 craftily as her lover walked
home with her. •
"Heavenly!" was his unsuspecting
answer. "And her eyes! By Jove, I
never saw such eyes! , It isn't that
they're so beautiful, but it's what they
say. .When she looks at you you feel
as if you're It!" r
Felicia, walking behind him In the
narrow path, felt suddenly She
didn't have eyes that , made - you feel
that, you were It. She. didn't have a
smile that even Jack grew, enthusi
astic over. 'She was. just pretty.
"So unusual! She draws you in^pite
of yourself. I simply can't' keep my
eyes off from her. - She's fascinating."
; On heXwent'in the same strain, too
absorbed expressing his interest and
admiration to his other self to notice
the forlorn brevity of her replies." *
- "Not -to come over this evening?"
he repeated in, surprise, when, at the
door; she , told » him her. wishes. "You
must be. crazy. J Of course I'm' coming."
. But j in ; spite of , his protests she was
obdurate, and he .went away in a huff.
If Felicia were capricious during the
following week, Miss Danby was all
a man could wish. In her society
Jack's wounded pride was -soothed and
comforted. She 'made him forget his
worries and appear at his best.
Once, and once only, he . had a
heretical thought. He wished Felicia
were more like her. • Then he winced
at his own disloyalty. Dear, blue-eyed,
sunny Felicia! . A wave of tenderness
swept over him and he determined
to find out without further delay what
was the Impalpable shadow that lay
between them ever since the Danbys
came.
"Well, by. Jove!" he exclaimed
aloud, a light dawning upon him.
Then, as if there were really no use
of trying adequately to ' express the
wonder that the suspicion caused
him,, he. exclaimed again helplessly,
"By Jove!""-- v .%.
"And she is the lady who believes
that an engagement should be the
lightest of ties; -that engaged people
should see as, much as possible of un
engaged ones. Oh. my eye! ".and he
threw back his head and roared with
delight. v : t-i !
That afternoon - they had It out.
Felicia, with burning cheeks and flash
ing eyes, accused him hotly. •
"You've been perfectly daft over
her from the - first ¦ moment. . . There's
no use of denying it. You know you
have, and our engagement— "
She choked," and Jack, who stood
looking down at her,- his hands thrust
in the pockets of -his short coat, fin
ished the sentence.
"Has stood the test of the Third
Person," he said In a teasing voice.
Then he held out: his arms, and after
one . startled, questioning glance, she
went "to him. . ¦
(Copyright, 1904, -by T. C. McClure.
THEY had been engaged for a
week. Felicia's heart was full of
the sweet wonder of It, yet her
mind clung tenaciously to a the
ory imbibed In the unrecorded days
that went before. It seemed a terrible
theory now, but, bewildered though
she was, she acknowledged its claim.
"Jack," she said solemnly,'"ah?^en
gagement snould be trie lightest,- roost
easily broken thing in . the world. '.' r ....
"Eh — what?" exclaimed her-compan
ion in amazement, bringing his truant
gaze back from, the stretch of moon
lit country whose : poetry seemed a
symbol of his own .happiness. "What's
that you're saying?" - • .';'¦
"An. engagement," 'she- repeated
gravely, "should be taken as an exper
iment, a trial. At* the first suspicion
on the part of either person that he
or she has made a mistake, It should
be broken." ~,~ ' V : .-.'¦" : 'i--
An unconscious sigh, expressed the
relief she felt at getting: this senti
ment off her mind. -Another moment
and he was leaning 'toward her, with
her hands clasped - firmly, almost
roughly, in his, his voice sterner than
she had ever heard -if- - p -
"See here, little girl" — -
At something that he saw in her face
he stopped and his glance softened.
"I see," he said at last, with, boyish
relief. "It's only a theory. But -you
gave me a, shock that made my heart
Btai0 still. I was just thinking how
sweet and beautiful* life would be — you
and I together— always. I felt as if
'Forever' had already begun, and right
in the midst of It you -plump 1 down a
remark like that, as if our. engagement
were . an . episode, . a , pastime. You
didn't mean it, darling. You"
Just here further words became un
necessary, but later on Felicia returned
to the subject. . . ..
"Still, Jack," ehe spoke' in the
thoughtful voice". of a person, who has
been mentally, occupied, with her sub
ject, Vtheoretically.-it does seem right.
Engagements are made to be broken,
if .they will break. More than that, I
believe, that when people "are .engaged
they ought : to see as much as possi
ble—" :
¦ "Of .. each' other," he Interpolated ap
provingly. ' .
¦ -"Of other, eligible men and women,"
she cohtiued- calmlyi "Just-, to prove
beyond. any possible chance that .they
really are the right persons— the final
right •¦ persons. - Every -' engagement
should .be thoroughly subjected to the
third person- test." • #•' •¦.: ¦
* Jack frowned. It seemed ' to : him
that" the dearest" girl - in the world was
talking nonsense— chilling, analytical,
disquieting nonsense.
: "I : believe in' letting * well enough
alone,"' was his"polnted' comment, but
long.after he had turned his back upon
the moonbeams that night and fallen
into a deep and healthy slumber, Fe
licia sat at her chamber window, her
chin pillowed on her hands, ' possessed
THE THIRD PERSON
that I did so, for presently there was
what sailors call a regular "plugmush,"
a free fight wherein the guiding princi
ple is"wherever you see a head hit it."
The battle was brief, if fierce, and its
results were so far good that uproar
ious laughter socn took the place of the
pandemonium that had so recently
reigned. Happily I had not brought
the dinner, in when the riot began, so
that still there was' some comfort, left.
Making haste I supplied the food, and
soon they. were all busy with'; it, their
dinner hour being -nearly gone.— •The
punishment of .the miscreant was un
avoidably deferred for want of time to
look for him, for he had vanished like
a dream. , ¦ '.. ; •
But while v/e ate a sudden storm of
bad language rose on deck. Hurrying
out to see what fresh calamity had be
fallen, we found the nigger cook fling
ing himself about in a frenzy -of rage,
while* halfway up -the mainstay, well
out of everybody's reach, sat Jocko
with a fowl that he had snatched out
of the galley while the cook's back was
turned and was now carefully ; tearing
into fragments. Rushing to the stay,
the men shook it till the whole main-
mast vibrated, but the motion didn't
appear to trouble the monkey. Holding
the fowl tightly in one hand, he bound
ed up* into the maintop and thence to
the. mizzen topmast stay, where for the
time he had to be left in peace.
As; soon as "knock-off time came a
hunt was organized. It was a very ex
citing affair while it lasted, but not
only, were , the ' men tired, but that
- 1
garded as a-. changed, animal who fcxd
repented and forsaken his evil way»
for life. But my opinion of him never
changed. It was never asked, and I
knew better than to offer it, but there
was a lurking devil in his sleepy eyes
that assured me if ever he got loose
again his previous achievements would
pale Into insignificance before the feats
of diabolical ingenuity he would then
perform. Still the days and weeks
rolled by uneventfully until we were
well into, the fine weather to the
north'ard of the line in the Atlantic
We had been exceptionally favored
by the absence of rain, and owing to
the exertions of the second mate, who
was an enthusiast over his paint work,
her bulwarks within and her houses
were a perfectly dazzling white, with
a satiny sheen like enamel. In fact. I
heard him remark* with pardonable
pride that he'd never seen the paint
look so well in all his seven voyages
as the second of the Belle. Tenderly,
2.3 If it were his wife's face, he would
go over that paintwork even in his
watch below, with bits of soft rag
and some clean water, wiping off every
spot of defilement as soon as it ap
peared. Tarring down was accom
plished without a spot or smear upon
the paint, and the decks having been
holystoned and varnished, the second
mate now began to breathe freely. No
more dirty work remained to be done
and he would have a lot more time
to devote to his beloved white paint.
We had been slipping along pretty
fast to the north'ard and one afternoon
the old man had all hands up to bend
our winter suit of sails. Every moth
er's son of them were aloft except me,
and I was busy about the mainmast,
standing by to attend to the running
gear, as I was ordered from above. A3
they had hoiited all the sails up before
they had started aloft, they were there
a long time, as busy as bees, trying to
get the Job finished. At last all was
ready and down they came. One of
them went for'ard for something and
immediately raised an outcry that
brought all hands rushing to the spot,
thinking that the ship was on fire or
something. The sight tney saw was a
paralyzing one to a sailor. On both
sides of the bulwarks and the lower
panels of the house were great smears
and splashes of Stockholm tar. while
all along the nice blue covering board
the mess was Indescribable. With, one
accord everybody shouted:
"That monkey!"
Yes. as they spoke there was a dull
thud, and down from aloft fell a huge
oakum wad saturated with tar. They
looked up and there sat an Infernal
object, hardly distinguishable for a
monkey, being smothered from head
to tail end with the tnlck glutinous
stuff. But his white teeth gleamed and
his wicked eye twinkled merrily, as he
thought of the heavenly time he'd been
having, a recompense for what must
have seemed years of waiting. Too late
the men now remembered that th© tar
barrel, its head completely out. had
been left upended by the windlass,
where it had been placed for conveni
ence during tarring down. It was there
still, but leading from tt In all direc
tions were streams of tar where Jocko
had dragged away the dripping wads
he had fished out of its black depths.
I was never revengeful, but If I had
been I should have felt sorry for the
second mate, my old tyrant, now. He
drooped . and withered like a scarlet
runner under the first sharp frost. Not
a word did he say, but he looked as ir
all the curses in every tongue that
ever were spoken were pouring over
his brain in a flood. Pursuit or the
monkey was out of the question.
Clambering over the newly tarred rig
ging was bad enough when done with
all care, but in a chase, especially
over places where it had been freshly
anointed by the fugitive, we should
have had all hands captured like flies
on a gummed string. : »» ?
They all stood and glared at the
mess like men not knowing how to
adjust their minds to this new condi
tion of things, nor, when the skipper
and mate came forward to see what
was the matter, did they contribute
any words good, bad or indifferent.
Apparently they would have remained
there till they dropped, fascinated by
the horrible sight, but suddenly pierc
ing screams aft startled -everybody.
Jocko had crept down the mlzzen
rigging and pounced upon poor little
Tip, who was delicately combing- him
self (he was as daintily clean as a
cat) on the after hatch. And now
Jocko was perched on the cro'jaek
yard vigorously wiping his tar
drenched fur with Tip as if he had
been a dry wad.
The second mate started from his
lethargy and sprang aloft to the rescue
of his screaming pet -with an agility
scarcely inferior to that of Jocko. Race
seemed to give him energy, for pres
ently he pressed Jocko so hard (he let
poor little Tip go as soon as he saw his
pursuer) that he ran out along the
mizzen topsail brace and. balancing
himself for a moment, covered his
eyes with hl3 hands and sprang Into
the sea. Bobbing up like a cork, he
struck out away from the ship which
was only Just moving, but in less than
five minutes he repented his rashness
and swam back. A line was flung to
him, he promptly seized it and was -at
once a captive again. The men were
so impressed by his prowess that they
refused to allow the second mate to
touch him, nor did any of them even
beat him lest . they should have bad
luck. But they replaced the chafed
through rinjr he had broken by a mas
sive connecting link and when Jam
rach's man came aboard in London
Jocko was sold to him for five shillings.
Tip went to the Crystal Palace and
met a worse fate.
monicey could V spring 1 across open
spaces h'ke a , bird » and catching him
was an impossible task. V -The attempt
vxas soon giv ( en\>up therefore, and 'the
• restiof the evening after supper was
devoted to repairing damages.
,For the 'nextsth'ree days she was a
lively ship." That* imp; of; darkness was
like the devil; heYwas everywhere. Like
,av streak of 'gray lightning -he would
elide down a* stay, snatch :up something
Just laid down; arid away,,,alpft again
before the robbed | ooeijreallzed what
had happened:' <"Aliysbrts^ of straps were
laid.* for him;- but^he- was far- too wise
.to? be taken in any trap that was ever
[devised.- ' ?• v v .••,.
I was In terror of him night and day,
for I feared that now*he,"was free he
would certainly not ; oniit'> to'; repay me
for his broken pate-v^And/yet' it was I
who caught" him. For '..the moment I
had forgotten 1 all 'about jhlm, when,
obming from, aloft; and dropping lightly
¦¦with, my ..bare feetf'upon the", bottom of
one of the upturned. boats on'.-the roof
of our house I saw' something stirring
in the folds of the main-topmast stay
sail that was lying .there loosely hud
dled together. Leaping upon the heap
of canvas, I screamed for help, bring
ing half a dozen men to the spot in a
twinkling.
Not without some severe bites was
the rascal secured, and by means of a
stout belt round his waist, effectually
prevented from getting adrift again. I
looked to see him summarily put to
death, but no one seemed to think his
atrocious V behavior merited any worse
punishment than a sound, thrashing
except the cook and steward;..and they,
feeing- oiir. natural enemies, . were, of
cours*/.unheed«d."'4The fact is Jocko
had, after his first performance, con
fined his attentions to the cabin and
galley, where he had done desperate
damage and made the two darkies lead
a most miserable life. This conduct cf
•¦Mk^r. 1 believe, .saved ..his life, as those
.two functionaries were cordially de
tested ¦; by •: the, men for many reasons.
At: any/- rate he was spared, and for
some time led a melancholy life chained
up ori>,the forecastle 'head during the
day and underneath It at night.
Meantime we" had sailed from Bom
bay and arrived at Conconada, where
the second mate bought a monkey, a
pretty tame little fellow that hadn't a
bit of vice in him. He was so docile
that when we got to sea again he was
allowed to. have, the run of the ship.
Petted by everybody, he never got into
any mischief, but often used to come
f orward and sit at a safe distance from
Jocko, making queer grimaces and
chatterlnga at him, but always mighty
careful not to get too near. Jocko
never responded, but sat stolidly like a
monkey of wood until the little fellow
strolled away, when .he would spring
up and. tear -at his chain, making a
guttural' noise that sounded as, much
like an Arab cursing as anything ever
I heard. -
So little Tip went on his pleasant
way, only meeting with one small mis
hap for a long time. He was sitting on
deck one sunny afternoon with his back
against the coamings of the . after
hatch, his little round head Just visible
above its edge. One of the long-legged,
raw-boned roosters we had got in Con
conada was • prowling near on the
never-ending quest for grub. Stalking
over the hatch he suddenly caught
Bight of this queer little gray knob
sticking up. , He stiffened himself,
craned his neck forward, and then
drawing well back dealt it a peck like
a miniature pickax falling. Well, that
little monkey was more astonished
than ever I saw an animal in my life.
He fairly screamed with rage, while
the rooster stood as If petrified with
astonishment at the strange result of
his investigations.
Owing to the close, watch. kept upon
Jocko he led a blameless life for
months. Apparently reconciled to his
captivity he gradually came to be re-
<CopJ>.-irht by McClure. Phillips & Cb.)
WHEN Nathaniel D. Troop of
Jersey City. U. S.' A.," pres
ently A. B. on board the
British Iship -Belle, solemnly
; announced his intention of
investing in a monkey the next. time
old Daddy, the bumboatman, came
alongside, tlicre was a breathless hush,
something like consternation, among
his shipmates. It was in Bombay, and
eventide,'' and all we of the foremast
hands were quietly engaged upon our
supper {tea is the names for the cor
responding: ireal ashore)* with great
content resting upon ue, for bananas,
rooties, duck eggs and similar bum
boat-boush l 'luxuries abounded among
us. So that the chunk of indurated
buffalo that had resisted all assault3
upon it dt dinner time lay unmolested
at the bottcm of the beef-kid, no one
feeling sufficiently interested to bestow
a swear on it.
For some time after Nat's pronounce
ment nobody spoke. The cool breeze
v.hispered under the fo'c's'le awning,
the Bramley kites wheeled around
v.liistlins hungrily and casting their
envious watchful eyes upon our plates,
and somewhere in the distance a
dinghy-wallah intoned an interminable
legend to his fellow sufferers that
sounded like the high-pitched drone of
bees on a sultry afternoon among the
flowers. Then up and spake John de
Ba-ptiss :
"Waffor, Nat? Wan we ben dween
t'yo? Foh de Lawd sakes, sah, cf yew
swain bring Macaque 'bord dis sheep
you'se stockin' trubble 'nough ter fill
er mighty long hole."
" 'Sides," argued Cockney Jem,
" 'tain't 'is if we ain't got a monkey.
'Few wornt any monkey tricks played
on us wot price th' kid "ere," and he
pointed to me.
"Naow jess yew hole on half a min
nit," drawled Nat, "'relse yew'll lose
your place. Djer ever know me ter
make trubble sense I ben abord
thlshyer litnejuice dcrg'-basket? Xaw;
I've a learnt manners, I hev, 'n don't
never go stickin* my gibbie in another
man's hash, I don't. But in kase this
kermunity sh'd feel anyways hurt at
my perposai, lemme 'splain. I s'pose
1 ain't singler in bein' ruther tired er
these blame hogs forrad here. Hogs is
all right, ez hogs, but they don't make
parler pets wuth a cent. N'wen I finds
one blggern a porpuss a wallerin' round
in my bunk *n rootin' 'mong the clean
straw my bed's stuffed with, its keind
er bore in erpon me that fresh pork
fer dinner's wut I ben pinin' fer a long
lime. Naow, I know thet I kin teach
a monkey in about tew days 'nough ter
make him scare the very chidlins er
them hogs inter sossidge meat if they
kum investigatin* where he's on dooty.
'N so I calkerlate to be a sort*- benny
factor 'slf yew ain't overnabove grate
ful."
By this time the laces of Nat's au
dience had lost the look of apprehen
sion they had worn at first. Everybody
had an account to settle with those
pigs, which swarmed homelessly about
the fore part of the deck and never
missed an opportunity of entering our
domicile during our absence, doing such
acts and deeds there as pigs are wont
to perform. As they were a particular
hobV>- of the skipper's we were loath
to deal with them after their iniquities,
the more so as she was a particularly
comfortable ship. And if Nat's idea
should turn out to be a good one we
would all be gainers.
Consequently when Daddy appeared
in the morning Nat greeted him at
once with the question, "Yew got mon
key?" Promptly came the stereotyped
answer: "No, Sahib. Eberyting got.
Monkey no got. Melican war make
monkey bery dear."
However, as soon as Daddy was per
suaded that a monkey really was de-
Elred he undertook to supply one; and,
cure enough, next morning he brought
one with him, a sinister-looking beast,
about as large as a fox-terrier. He
was secured by a leathern collar and
a dog chain to the fife-rail of the fore
mast for the time, and one or two
of the men amused themselves by
teasing him until he was almost fran
tic Presently I came round where he
was lurking, forgetting for the time
ell about his presence. Seeing his op
portunity he sprang on to my shoulder
and bit me so severely that I carry his
marks now. Swarting with the pain.
I picked up a small piece of coal and
flung it at him with all the strength
I could muster. Unfortunately for me
I hit him on the head and made it
bleed, for which crime I got well rope's
ended by Nat. And besides that I
made an enemy of that monkey for the
rest of his time on board— many
months— an enemy who never lost a
chance of doing me an ill turn.
He took to his master at once, and
was also on nodding terms with, o-ne
or two of the other men, but with the
majority he was at open war. Nat
kept him chained up near his bunk,
only taking him out for an airing at
Intervals, and at once commenced to
train him to go for the pigs. But one
day Nat laid in a stock of eggs and
fruit, stowing them as usual on the
Fhelf in his bunk. We were very busy
all the morning on deck, eo that I be
lieve hardly a chance was obtained by
any one of getting below for a smoke.
When dinner time came Nat went
straight to his bunk to greet his pet,
but he was nowhere to be seen. The
state of that bed, though, was some
thing to remember. Jocko had been
amusing himself by trying to make an
omelette, and the debris of two dozen
eggs was strewn and plastered over the
bunk, intermingled with crushed
bananas, torn up books, feathers out of
Nat's swell pillow, /and several other
things- While Nat was ransacking his
memory for some language appropriate
to the occasion a yell arose from the
other side of the forecastle where Daddy
Finn, a Liverpool Irishman of parts,
had Just discovered his week's whack
of sugar and the contents of a slush
pot pervading all the contents of his
chest. Other voices soon Joined in the
chorus as further atrocities *vere dis
covered, until the fo'c's'le was like bed
lam broken loose.
"Pigs is it ye'd be afther complalnin*
of. ye blatherin* ould emadhaun. The
divil a plrr that iver lived ud be afther
makia* Fich a hell's delight ov a man's
dunnajre as this. Not a blasted skirrlck
have oi !e f t to cover me nakidness wid
troo yure bucod relashln*. Only let me
cl&p hands on him, me Jule. thei's. all.
yp dhirty organ grinder you."
High above all the riot rose the wail
of Paddy Finn as above, until the din
grew eo great that I fled dismayed, in
mortal terror lest I should be brought
irto the quarrel somehow. It was well
TI-1E SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALH
by- the thought that possibly,- out In
the great world somewhere, there was
what she called her "ultimate love" —
a man before whom Jack should pale
as other men had before him. Some
way, the thought made her eyes grow
wide. . .... .• . . ' -
"By the way," said he when after
breakfast the next morning he strolled
over as usual, "the Danbys arrived
last night and the mater. sends word
that you're to come-back with me to
meet Miss • Danby. . Oh, ; come on," he
continued -as Felicia looked down at
herself "with debating eyes, "you
needn't ever" expect to look better
than you do in that pink linen. ., It
~would be a work of supererogation if
you did." •- - ' "
Thus beguiled,. the young lady yield
ed, following him along the ' narrow
path that skirted the hedges and talk
ing blithely enough, ' though she I said
never a word of tne thing, that' was
nearest her heart. - .
NAT'S
MONKEY
By KEITH GORDONgardless of wealth or personal attrac
tions, is precisely my own view, only
better expressed. There, are passages
in your dear note that sound just as
though they had been taken from a
book. ¦ ¦ ;
You can't think how I am longing
to see you again. When your . train
comes 'in at .'Liverpool street station,
it will be all I can do to prevent.my
self from taking you in'my arms, por
le rs . .°r. no Porters. Sp'meUmes,. when I
am thinking of you, I can't ' quite re
member . whether, you wear wings or
not. " - - ¦
Your short note has filled, me with
delight. To" find that Felixstov/e" has
been dull without me, and that you are
quite anxious to see me again is more
than I dared to hope. . Your Idea" of
love, that . it is something one cannot
prevent, and that it is entirely! re
• . r " ' ¦-'" /. ¦ ' -
Ob. hid I «J1 th* lUn at nlcht, - .
Tfco earth Itself, the boundless sea.
Then vould I rive them »I1 to thea
Tor they, dear heart, are youxa by right.
I have felt lately as though! could
make up poetj-y, only it is somewhat
difficult to hit upon anything original;
of course, the people who are paid to
do this sort of thing make a special
study of it.
You may be interested to know that
I stand a' very good chance of getting
an increase at office In about a month's
time, or six weeks at the latest. If it
comes off I hope you will allow me to
take you to the theater. If I remember
rightly you said you adored George
Alexander. Let me know what train
you are coming by on Saturday and I
will meet you at Liverpool street and
see you safely into .. your omnibus.
Please excuse this loug letter. . I feel as
though I. could ' go on writing to you
all the afternoon, only that I have to
hurry on with office work, so as not to
miss the post. Believe me to be yours,
and yours only. HARRY.
No. 4. ?' ¦- ¦'¦¦-.
seems Impossible I could '¦-, have' existed
before I met you. Your devoted, . '. H.;
I. B?nd,you all my love, 'and I hp]Be
you can- spare 'ine' a little of yours. It'
•no.5.--;;
My Dearest Kate: : - . .
¦ It was a pleasure to meet you .on
Saturday, and . to be allowed to ride
part of the way home with you. I-sup
pose you were tired out with .the jpur
ney;'I thought you -.were not looking
quite bo well . as - when 1^ used 1 to ', see
you at Feljxstowe. Perhaps • the sur
roundings: make a difference.; ....
With, regard to what r you said 'just
before I left you,' there is no doubt that"
I do > look ; wore, of "the ; gentleman - in . a
straw than in a' bowler, but ; you ought
to know ehough at your, age and busi
ness experience to understand' that a
straw hat is not considered quite "'the
thing v among city men.- Apart from
which,"! I rather, pride "myself ; on 'know-'
ing.what to wear and when to : wear it.
No. 6.
I was sorry to get your note. and to
hear that you did not enjoy yourself
in the least on Saturday afternoon at
Tuf nell Park. I must admit that you
seemed very' much , out of ,it; 'a , lady
who- serves 'at tennis as you serve can
never hope to become popular unless
strongly backed up by other qualities.
I do not quite" see how, I could ; be> ex
pected to know- that Miss Simpson was
I am sorry to find you do not play
tennis. What I had, thought, if you
had played tennis, was that I would
get some one to ask you to come to
our grounds one Saturday afternoon,
and then you could have met my sis
ters and ascertained how 'you were
likely to get on with them. You might
find them all right; -i can't be 'sure
about that. They are peculiar girls.
Miss Simpson, ' however (the '- lady I
have referred to in previous corre
spondence), you would-be sure to get
ou with. L have told :her about you,
without mentioning your name, and
she asks me' to say that if you care to
come* round to the ) grounds she will
make a point of looking after you and
doing the amiable. Miss Simpson is a
very nice girl; inmost games me and
her are about equal.
.Two of our fellows have gone out
with the C. I. V.'s and I have not much
time for writing private communica
tions. Fix where you would like to
meet me and I will be there.' It seems
years - since : I snatched a kiss from
those fond lips of- yours; do you re
member how; cross 'you pretended to
be? I do not half like the look of af
fairs in South Africa;. unless. they. take
a turn for the better; I: shall feel .in
clined to go out there myself.
. Believe me, yours affectionately, ¦ •'
\ " . ' # .-' ' H. W.W..
I came across this verse in a weekly
prper and it made roe think of some
body:
In re>Iy to your question. I certainly
did understand that you were living at
home, but I am pleased to hear you go
out to tvork. You will be glad to give
up the city once you are married. I
went out to a tennis party yesterday,
but I was thinking of you all the time.
The young lady I told you about was
there and asked me whether I had lost
my head; I had a good mind to tell
her. I. had lost my heart.
I read it twice, I may tell you. in the
train to Broad street and once on my
way from there to office. At office to
day I have read it. I should think, with
out exaggeration, at least five times.
No. 3.
Dearest SIlss Montgomery:
When I received this morning an
envelop* addressed in my own hand
writing I was puzzled for the moment
end taken off my guard. It led to a
slight row over breakfast, because, as I
Eaid, people have no business to look
over their brother's shoulders when he
is reading a private communication.
i!y Dcur lUss Montgomery:
A picture postcard from you is
worth a. -whole Quire of correspon
dence from anybody else. I rather
wish you had not sent it to my private
address, because unfortunately my
sisters hold of it, and you know
vrhnt sisters are. Personally, I am as
Toni cf a bit of badinage as anybody,
b*jt it ought never to go beyond the
bounds cf rood taste.
You ask me whether I remember
that view from the shelter. My an
swer is that I shall never forget IL
Your picture rostcard 13 in front of
me as I -nrrite, and it all looks so real
that I fa^icy I can hear the very tones
cf your voice. It was there you asked
whether my Christian name was Her
bert or Henry, and what my father
&16 for a livlnz when he was alive.
When yon cot home old Mother
Brownloxr -was at the front door of
her boarding-house, and asked you
what made one side of your face so
red. and you answered her with a
pleasantry.
I scarcely know how I «*»»" exist
nntil you return to town. I met a
young lady this afternoon, who lives
with us In the same road at Stoke New
ington, and she asked me what had
caused such an alteration in my man
ner. "We were such good friends, you
acd me," she said in her peculiar way,
"atd now you treat me as though you
were an old glove." I did not answer
her back, but I thought of you. *
Thanks very much for the picture
postcard. I shall treasure it all my
life. Yours very sincerely, H. W. W.
I incJose stamped addressed envel
ope so that zny people may not sua
pect.
No. 2.
w y a.l.
f\ I Dear Miss Montgomery:
I Y The train was three minutes
y^ l*te reaching Liverpool street;
however. I did not mind, for I
¦was thinilnjy of you all the ¦way.
London seems very dull after Fe
lixstoTre. and I feel quite at a loss to
kaovr irhat lo do with my evenings. I
ta looking forward to receiving: a
\ons letter Iron you with news of all
that has happened since my departure.
Remember me to old Mother Brown
lovr. I expect she misses me at the
labie and tie way I used to chaff her
and everybody. I wonder whether you
miss me.
Pleajsa excuse office paper, and be
lieve me, yours faithfully,
HENRY W. WALL.
p/ g._i . trust ',! - have behsved "si
through' as a gentleman ought' to fcii
have toward a la£r.
In one of the departments of your of«
flee, seeing that you never told mi
what office you were in. What yoi
gave me distinctly to understand dowi
at Felixstowe was that your mothe:
had money of your own and that yot
spent most of your time in Society and
that you sometimes found It a grea;
bore.
Miss Simpson told my two sisters
she did not say a word to me — that shi
had never spoken to you before. bu»
knew you by sight, and that she ha<
always understood you were engaged
It.just shows how rumors get about. ;
am sending you a slight offering: bj
this post; I bought six and three-quan
ters, and I trust they will not be to4
tight a fit. Please accept them, an<
when you put them on, think cf me.
I wish you would come with me to i
theater on Thursday evening. T am en
deavoring to get orders through a geiv
tleman friend of mine, but If the worst
comes to the worst, we can pay and g«
in the pit. If It. should be a case ot
evening dress, I will wire you. as thi
tickets will be sure to come m at tht
last minute. When we are alone to
gether we can have a good long tall
about Felixstowe. It is the drawbacl
of London that you can never be alona
"Where do you think of going for youi
holidays next year? Believe me, wltl
affectionate regards, H. W. W.
I happened to pass by your housi
yesterday evening. Was that you:
mother at the window? And was shi
anything like you when a girl? I
should like to know.
No. 7.
I have received your note, and I
must say I am greatly surprised at thi
contents. I thought we got on so we]
at the Royalty ths other evening, as4
better seats In the balcony no one coull
have wished for. - I know you wouH
have preferred the St. James', but yoi
were very pleasant over It I conslda
the argument you now bring forward
that you could never r-aUy love a aaal
who wore a made-up tit, as chllrtlsh fl
the extreme.
Tha real facts 1 hsvt learned ' tm
my friend, Miss Simpson, who, for I
girl, may be looked upon u tnt'i
steel. ' I could trust her anywhere nai
everywhere, and nothing bat a gag*
misunderstanding— now taorocshij
cleared up — concerning a button-hole \
was wearing has ever com* in to xam
that friendship. < It appears froaa whJi
y lo Simpson tens mo that . yon tool
her aside, aad asked her what I w«
earning, and she replied, "Oh, h» **a
fourteen!" Now I look' en it as soma
what- near the knuckle for any lady tj
make inquiries concerning the lneoxa
of any gentleman ahe has professed ti
be fond of, but let that pass. What I
wish to point out to you is this. Tof
jumped to the ' conclusion - that , ' Fl
meant, fourteen ¦hillings a weal
T,hereas, If you must know, my salarj
id fourteen pounds a month, and a verj
good salary too as sauries go. It I
no doubt owing to this blunder tbm
you how write and say that It appeaa
unwise to continue the acquaintaaci
and* that you could never dream • a
; changing the nan» «f ManatsemuT fa"
that of WaU. ¦ ' .• .' ._"* V . ,-
I Tou can keep tho ghms, but frtnflfl
return the photo. I ; ttaare discover*
that a picture depends •> good Cmla
the frame, and that what appear*
quite nice and agreeable at-Felbcstow
may turn out quite different in Londoi
There is no harm done, and I havs aafc
ed-tflo to telL.you, It sne.nxns/aeroj
you at office,' to say that I wma not ¦
much upset as you might think, <;
•Wishing you well; In your futox»'«l
forts,' I am, yours ¦ faithfully, • . »
HENRY W. WAX!*.
A BATCH OF LOVE LETTERSAll the new Paris Models and
Uie at the exposition
sliow the bis:, full, high puiT and
there i*> every indication that it
will be the popular style by win
ter. Women who have pre
served their gowns of ten years
ajjo can now get them out and
wear them without alteration.
A season of bilk.
And it is astonishing what one can do
with taffeta. A- woman, seeing a bar
gain in cloud-colored taffeta of the
shade we used to call steel, purchased
enough of it for a complete suit. It was
of the soft grade of taffeta — the kind
which, though lustrous, does not wrin
kle and can be crushed In the hands
and smoothed out again without Injury.
It does not stiffen when wet, and it
wears, if not like Iron, certainly almost
as well as poplin, and* this is no exas
peration. Those who doubt can try a
good grade soft taffeta.
Well, this woman after she had pur
chased her soft cloud-colored taffeta
went to work upon It, cutting out the
Bweep skirt with home scissors. She
let it Just swing clear from- the floor
the same length all the year around.
Then she trimmed it with three knife
plaited ruffles set far apart and looking
as quaint as' you please. She fitted the
hips snugly and strapped the seams
with strappings of taffeta.
The waist, since the grown is for
fall, is cut open in Eton shape looking
a little like a Dlrectolre coat. There
are wide, smart turnback revers and
there is a deep collar of taffeta trim
med with a ruffle of: the same.. The
sleeves are big mutton leg with the
wide part- of the leg at the shoulder.
But the prettiest. Dart. of all. is the
vest or shirt waist which goes with it.
full so as to set out as though it were
crinolined. It is very tight below the
puff and quite hugs the arm all the
way to the wrist.
While engrossed with the full sleeve
Dame Fashion has allowed herself to
drift into the silk world, and so far has
she ventured that It Is donbtful if she
herself is aware how completely she is
committed to the wearing of silk. She
selects her dinner gown In the rlch
hued silks of medium colors, claret for
example, and leaf green and cafe au
la it. And for receptions and nice out-of
door dresses she chooses the stately
black silks, selecting moire, gros grain,
Ottoman weave, corded and brocaded
and figured silks, while for other wear
she chooses taffetas of various colors
and kinds.
For a Dlrectolre coat the woman
who dresses smartly . will want at
least four handsome buttons the size
of a silver quarter. Those who go In
for extremes can buy much larger
buttons. A fashionable London .wom
an has a Directoire coat of navy blue
satin trimmed with four big steel but
tons on the front as big as half dal
lars. There are four more at the
back, -which has a , postilion .effect.
There is also a. girdle which Is caught
In front with a big clasp, or winter
wear tliis coat can . be snugly padded
and lined with Oriental silk. . It is
very smart to trim the* hat with a
twist of the same silk. :
It is silk, everything Is, silk, and It
can be set down as a sure thing that
the silk gown. Is here for a long. stay.
The shops are filled with silks' of
various kinds and, as the summer silks
are put away. | there come winter
weights that are : Just the thins for
Silk has a certain warmth , of Its
own. Unllned it can be worn' over
something warmer. * Lined it is . as
good as cloth', f&r a cold day. Anyway,
Dame Fashion, with, her usual clever
ness, is preparing herself to wear silk,
and whether- over a knitted, vest or
over a wadded. lining, it is very cer
tain that she will be seen a -great
many times. during the coming winter
In a dress of .brocade rivaling the bro
cades which 'were so fashionable in
the long ago. '•,-.,
And this brings one to the Direc
tolre coats, which are to be • worn
universally this winter by all women
who can afford them. These coats,
with their ooen fronts, wide girdles,
long tails, smart gauntlets and big,
handsome buttons, will be the coats
of the season.
It is made of corn" ' cream colored
China silk and the Whole front Is ruf
fled with Point de Flanders lace. It
looks too quaintly, sweet for anything
with Its wide girdle -of cream .color.
There is another girdle of black and
there is a ruffled vest of black lace
for the "Cooler, days. ''
The Coming, Silk Gown. •
Little boys'. Russian suits, with full
knickers and long-belted coat of serge
are monj? the attractive novelties in the
shops. The serge is almost smooth upon
the surface, is of fall weight and Is
made very natty by the enamel buttons
and belt to match.
In the granite colors there are some
very nice things for i boys of older
growth. There is -a Scottish granite
Butting which looks like a coarse weave
of, canvas. It is slightly rough upon
the surface, but has wearing qualities
that cannot be duplicated anywhere.
It comes in .nub effect with flecks of
brown and red upon the surface, and it
; can^be, worn, with colored shirts and
colored ties.
They are trying to Introduce the
brown linen collar In boy's apparel and
wl^h some success. These collars are
not generally placed on sale as yet.
But, if any. woman | desires to fit her
boy out in this manner, she can take a
white .linen collar, wide and well fit
ting, and after washing the starch out
of , it, 6he can- then cut a pattern from
it.- And;, in this manner she can obtain
the pattern for a collar to be made out
of light blue linen, of linen of a golden
brown or tan or red. These collars are
natty and are much worn by English
boys and girls. .'....•
Suits for Boys and Girls.
Those who contend that children
have some 'right in the matter of cloth
ing will surely be delighted at the ar
ray of children's apparel spread out be
fore them this season. Perhaps the
greatest innovation Is in the matter of
serge, that most useful material and
the least expensive considering its
wearing qualities.
' "I have noticed," concluded she, "that
all of your very best frocks are puffed
out at the shoulder, very much as they
were ten years ago. As for us, we have
made only three models on this style,
but they are being extensively copied
In Vienna, London and St. Petersburg,
the cities that, with Paris and New
York, lead the world in styles."
It la impossible to 'pass the seasons
by without noticing children's clothing
and the novelties in children's apparel.
One black broadcloth suit with coat
cut on the Tuxedo order and knickers.
Several nice white shirts should be a
part of this suit. And there should be
wide -white embroidered collars and a
dozen broad neckties in white and
black, navy blue and brown.
The boy should have a pepper and
salt suit with bloomers and blouse. And
with this he will wear a chemisette.
This style' of dress is worn for school
by large boys, who find . it com
fortable.
The boy will need two coarse suits
for every day wear and these should be
cut double breasted and buttoned with
bone buttons. A small brown suit with
vest, coat and knickerbockers will com
plete a very nice wardrobe.
The small boy's shoes are of much
importance. They come with exten
sion soles and wide toes. But these are
hardly polite shoes for the dining-room
and the small boy must put on slippers
•when he comes . in the house to his
meals. It is. therefore, a good thins
to provide him with a pair of tan shoes
of medium, weight for fall wear and a
pair of buttoned leather shoes and still
another pair of the glossy tip variety
tor wear afternoons. The boy himself
Handsome metal buttons are used
upon boys' coats as being more durable
than cloth buttons, and this is true
even in the case of the dressy black
suit and the very nice dark blue suit.
A certain tailor who makes clothing
for the little boys of the 400 designates
the following as a suitable wardrobe
for a small boy:
One navy blue serge sack suit with
two pairs of trousers, one. pair cut on
the bloomer order. bloused at the knee
and the other pair snug-fitting knicker
bockers. With this should go a serge
vest for wear on cooler days.
The berft overcoat for a small boy Is
the double-breasted variety, made out
of cloth of dull gray, or deep blue, or
steel color. It should be only medium
weight, for the small boy does not need
a very heavy overcoat. It should be
thick enough, but rather light and not
too long. There is a very handsome
English model, double-breasted and
coming just below the knees.
Prudent women are making the new
fall gowns. out of material with a yard
or two to spare. This yard or two is
laid away carefully, so as not to fade
the roods; and. In .time, it may come
in handy for new sleeves or for big
sleeve puffs put on at the shoulder.
The French puff shows the big full
«Ie«ve set into the armhole in big side
plaiting*. The sleeve is now pulled out
ONE of Mrs. Langtry's creditors
whispers that the Lily went
broke buying new gowns. "But
she'll pay for them to the last
dollar and buy more," says he.
It's a woman's tendency to pay for
things to the last dollar and buy more
which makes the dealers so ready to
cater to her and the manufacturers eo
ready to weave fine things for her. And
It Is to woman's appreciation of the
beautiful that the wonderful fabrics
of the season are due. It Is announced
that three of the Jersey Lily's new
gowns are quite distinctive. They have
the full high shoulder puff; they are
In the new shades of biscuit, dull red
and bunt corn color, and what Is quite
noticeable, all are made of Bilk. They
are of taffeta, moire and brocade. So
by 1 M * mark one can trace the coming
faifrimr. Look around and you will
see that the new gowns are made of
Bilk and that all have the high shoul
der puff.
Surely there Is no woman who has
forgotten this high shoulder which is
new yet old. It was the constant vogue
from. 1SS0 to 1900. For nearly ten years
It raged more or less and was at its
very height in '95. Surely no fashion
ever had so long a stay and no fashion
was ever one-half as popular.
All women, young and old, great and
•mall, wore the big shoulder and those
who walked in the front rank of fash-
Ion ¦wore it emartly crinolined.
It was claimed for the big shoulder
puff that It made women very wide in
the shoulder, and that It made the
waist seem very small by comparison.
Anyway, It continued In vogue for ten
years and died hard.
Then It disappeared and the history
of the Baggy, baggy sleeve of the past
five years Is well known. And now,
lo and behold, the full puff shoulder
Is back and the new Paris models look
very much like those of ten years ago.
This sleeve, which is called a mutton
leg. because It looks so very much like
a leg of mutton, with the big part of
the leg at the shoulder, is worn with
cloth gowns and with silk dresses. It
Is beginning to come In with the new
reception gowns and one sees it creep-
Ing Into the coat sleeve*.
As yet one cannot afford to have all
one's fall gowns made in this way, for
fear it may not be permanent, but it
would be a very good thing to have one
or two fashioned with the high shoul
der, for It Is very likely that by spring
there will be no other sleeves seen or
Tips for Prudent Dressers.
BY AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
"It is the vogue of ruffles," said an
ultra-fashionable dressmaker the other
day, "and all the nice gowns are ruffled.
Some of them are trimmed with three
wide ruffles around the bottom, each
ruffle hemstitched. Others are trim
med with plain ruffles. It matters very
little whether the ruffle be lace trim
med, trimmed with Oriental stuff, scal
loped, or pinked or severely plain, so
long as It is a ruffle!"
And this same opinion was voiced
some time ago by the dressmakers'
convention in New York and echoed
by the dressmakers' representatives at
St. Louis. Ruffles will be the vogue,
and never. in all' the history of dress
were they as fashionable.
A Paris dressmaker who made the
trip across the sea to go to the exposi
tion said this to" a representative of this
newspaper the other day: "All Paris
gowns will -be itrljnmed with ruffles.
That gown there." pointing to a hand
some dress on exhibit,, "affords a fine
illustration . of ; the . ruffled ' mode.
"The skirt la trimmed with three
knife-plaited ruffles six inches apart.
The waist, .which is an Eton, Is ruffled
over the shoulders and down the front.
The sleeves are-' finished with ft wide
ruffle at the wrist, lined with white and
caught back uponvthe. arm;'; and there
U a neck, ruffle lined with white here
and there to show the lining. This
gown, indeed, Illustrates well the com
ing vogue for ruffles. ~ .
"From a close observation of the
gowns at St. Louis," said this author
ity, "I should say that your American
fashions :are;a little ahead of our,- Paris
styles. By that I mean that where we
are inclined to feel our way cautiously
you step; In '--boldly. '-"We are just com
ing'to a return of the shoulder puff,
while you are using It right along.
autumn and for the colder days late?"
on. \ . '
Even the foulards and the silks ot
China and India are not banished en
tirely, for they make* such line fabrics
for winter shirt waists. China silk in
all tints is made up with lace, with
fagottingr, with open hemstitching and
with lattice work. And' India silk ot
fine -texturr? is made the basis for
fiouncings of lace around the yoke, far
vests of lace and for some of the most
marvelous bodice trimmings that could
be pictured. ,
' To buy an India silk shirt waist no
longer means something simple and in
expensive. On the contrary, several of
these -waists retailed , a few days ago
in a New-York store for $75 each. And
an order was taken for one which was
to cost' $200. The owner is the wife of
a steel king and the waist, which is in
pale green India silk, is trimmed with
cushion lace, upon whose bobbins there
had been strung fish skin pearls, tiny
turquoise and mock gems.
All of the foulards are impressed into
winter, use and the light summer silks
of the shoos have been spirited away
by cunning modistes td reappear later
as fashionable shirt waists. From this
sign the home dressmaker might take a
hint and should she desire to cut up
an* old .summer silk into new winter
shirt waists she can do so with the full
approval of the best modistes In town.
A Season of Ruffles.)
Those who are always on the lookout
for new trimmings should learn to
make "cretes." To make a crete take
a frill of silk and scallop both edges.
Now shirr It a little way from the edge,
until the frill is moderately full and
set it upon the skirt.
This will make the edges stand out
like narrow ruffles each side of a
full ruff.
And there are different way* of mak
ing cretes. They take silk and cut It
In strips and double it. Both edges are
now pinked or frilled, frayed, or scal
loped. The frill Is now shirred over a
narrow cording and the cord Is pulled
until the frill Is Just full enough. It Is
sewed on the skirt, or the waist, upside
down, so that the edges will stand-out
In the smartest Imaginable fashion.
There are such varieties of small
trimmings this year. One 'who does
not follow the styles can have no Idea
of the number and the diversity of
tiny decorations that corne for sown
trimmings. One sees them upon ho
tel piazzas where the women sit and
work. And one sees them In the work
shops of the modistes, where the dain
tiest possible accessories of dress are
being made.
One very pretty style of trimming
calls for a button mold covered with
silk. A mold about the size of a sil
ver Quarter Is covered with gray taf
feta and over the top of It there ar«
drawn long threads, criss-crossing In
pretty style. This button mold Is now
set In the middle of a shirred rosette,
the edges of which are frilled out.
This makes a very pretty decoration
for the trimming of a gown.
They take button molds and cover
them with silvered gauze or with tiny
bits of cloth of silver. These make
beautiful trimmings for dinner
gowns. They can be worn also upon
the Dlrectolre coats. They are used
to give the double breasted effect and
two rows of buttons are also at the
back of the coat. The same Is done
with cold buttons and with buttons
that are covered with Jetted cloth.
Nor does ingenuity stop here.
One very enterprising dressmaker
Is taking round glass buttons and cov
ering them with cloth thickly studded
with tiny Jets. Thus she makes a ball
which looks precisely like a Jet ball.
And she takes the common flat pearl
buttons of large size, covers them
with silk and sews them on with blue
sewing silk, going up and down
through the button as though It had
not been covered with silk.
"I wish to Impress upon my pa
trons." said a Fifth avenue dressmak
er, "the value of the novelty laces.
A great deal can be done with a lace
that costs a comparatively small price.
Very often such a lace 13 really better
than a more expensive lace.
"Take the cheap silvery laces, and
there are many, and note how Im
mensely effective they are upon eve
ning dresses. One of ray patrons who
wears a rope of pearls around her
throat looping it over her bodice and
winding It around again and again,
owns a gown which Is trimmed with a
band of silver lace around the neck
and around the yoke. This sets off th»
pearls exquisitely and makes them look
softer and more like the real.**
will see that these shoes do not ac
cumulate too rapidly In his ward
robe.
All of the dealers are making a
specialty of boys* clothing this year
and the little girl who has hitherto
usurped everything feels quite neglect
ed bv comparison. For the little girl
there Is a long fur coat, cut Russian
style, with a white enamel belt.
Make Your Own Trimmings.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
THE
RETURN
OF THE
HIGH
SHOULDER
PUFFBy George Wintferop
MRS. CRUSOE'S WOES
searched along the . shore for clams,
finding a, few, but deciding ¦ after' one
taste that it would be better to look '
for berries. It was too late for, berries
apparently, and there was '¦ another
pause and reflection. He had just de
cided that It was as well that Nan
Carroll would not 'marry hlm t >when
that changeable. young woman plump
ed-herself down upon, the moss beside
him. "
"Why don't you talk?" she asked
cheerfully. "It's awfully lonesomo
around here." , ,
•'¦• Tucker gasped, but for a moment he
did not dare speak. When he, found
words it was of casual affairs he
spoke, not of himself, nor of their
predicament, and presently they were
chatting: as merrily as though there
had been none of the stormy scenes
of the afternoon.
They were still talking when of a
sudden they heard footsteps behind
them and they sprang to their feet.
Just behind; them was a tall, cleri
cal man in blue overalls and checked
calico Jumper.
"I hope I 'don't intrude," he said
quizzically.
"Are you Man Friday?" demanded
Nan. "You see we are Mr. and Mrs.
Robinson Crusoe, and our boat is
wrecked— or at least I hope It is," she
amended viciously.
"I am sorry, Mrs. Crusoe," he said,
falling in with her humor. "I am the
because of the fall of the tide from the
Bay of Fundy, and he had supposed
that when he had drawn the canoe well
up on the shelving bank the long
rope in the bow could not possibly be
needed.
Ife threw himself down beside her.
*:Xan, dear," he cried. "Don't take it
so to heart. It will come out all right
if I have to swim over to. the. main
land and steal a -boat."
She rose In all her five feet five of
Injured dignity. "I do not see, Mr.
Tucker," she said coldly, "that the
situation should permit the levity you
assume. It may be all right for you,
but a woman's fair name—" Her
Bobbing broke forth afresh .at the
thought of what might be said.
"What's the use of taking on so?"
he demanded. "You told me last win
ter that at the end of the season you
thought — "
"Do you suppose I thought then that
I'd think what I think now?" she cried
hysterically. "Do you suppose that I
imagined that you would abduct me to
a desert island to force me to marry
you? Never." •;
For want of a better occupation he
/a * MIGHT swim for it," suggested
I Tucker with the accent of one
J[ who knows the impracticability
of what he suggests.
"You might fly for it," retorted Nan
Carroll, "for all the good It would do.
You should have tied the boat."
"You forgot," he pleaded, "that I only
came last night and have not yet had
opportunity to become familiar with
the tide here How was I to know that
y6u had a regular Bay of Fundy tide
here?"
"If you knew as much about geogra
phy as you do about some things," she
hinted darkly, "you would know that
this is /the Bay of Fundy tide. It
doesn't come in-" as a tidal wave, but it
rises as high."
He glanced ruefully at the canoe fast
disappearing on the tide, and scanned
the chore to see if it offered any hope.
Apparently they were as thoroughly
lost as though they were on an island
In the Pacific instead of three miles
from a summer resort. It was Tucker's
first experience wjth a land where they
built steamship docks two stories high
Rev. Philip" Ilardman of Bos
ton, summering on this island with
my family."
Nan gasped. "Why didn't you thlnlt
of looking to see if there was any ona
living there?" she demanded of Dave.
"You told me it was deserted." ha
said defensively, "and I supposed you
knew. I only came last night." ha
added in explanation to the 'clergy
man. "Mrs. Crusoe forgot to tell ma
about the tide and the boat floated
away."
"Come over and have tea," suggest
ed the clergyman hospitably, "and I
have a boat that will take you over to
the hotel."
He strode off, leading the Tray, and
Nan and Dave followed. Once or
twice she hummed softly to herself,
and'Dave could have sworn It was the
¦wedding music from "Lohengrin." At
last, as he was helping her over a. rock
which barred her path, she held his
hand in hers as she lightly dropped
beside him.
"Dave," she whispered, "didn't h«
say he was a clergyman?"
Dave nodded. "The Rev. Philip
Hardman." he afflrmed
*"We could fool that gossiping
crowd, pretending we did it on pur
pose."
More than ever Dave marveled at
the ways of woman, but they wer»
married before supper, for Dart ex
plained to the clergyman that he wa3
afraid she might change her mlr.ci
a gain-
Jected lest it should displease the dead.
Slowly and sadly the body of Ajax is
carried out that It may be laid In tha
grave at Cape Rhoetum, on the Helles
pont, the grave which was to be "ever
memorable among men," and his de
voted followers chant:
"Many things shall mortals learn by
seeing, . but, before he sees, no man
may read the future or his face." •
So endeth Ajax and all his woes, but
Harry Dewing, who portrays the
mighty warrior, Is about the busiest
and the most popular man In all Berke
ley and will be until after the thirteenth
of the month, and then, in all proba
bility, he will suddenly discover such
an avalanche of Latin, math and heav
en only knows what not, that he will
think the troubles of Ajax small in
comparison with his own. But then the
university does not produce Greek plays
every day. though it is turning over
a new leaf and premising to do better
in the future.
"Pictures'." exclaimed Miss Barrows,
as she looked at me and then at the
rain. "I haven't a thing local, but
that's the least of our troubles, for I'll
get them. Let me see (whipping out a
potfket pad): Maynard McFie is Aga
memnon; Mr. Lyman, Menelaus;
Gladys Wickson. Athena; Mr. Cles
horn. leader of the chorus: Mr. Brown,
the messenger, and myself, Tecmessa.
That's not many. I'll round them all
up in ten minutes."
And as I ran for the train I heard
her call "Hello, is this Ajax? This is
Tecmessa. Come over and have a cup
of chocolate at 12 to-morrow, won't
you? and incidentally have your picture
'took.' "
ed with the greatest care. In the 1
first place, if yc-u will take the pains
to look, the material is not cheap and
flimsy, and it ought not to be. for I paid
four dollars a yard foil some of it. The.
trimmings, too, were nearly all made
by hand of a heavy felt and appliqued
on. for I absolutely detest cheap imi
tations. However, this was not what
I intended to say. This," tossing a gay
buff toward a bean of somber colors,
"poes with that pile. Do you see any
difference?"
"One is brighter than the others," I
vouchsafed.
"That," with a contented smile, "is
just it. The important character in
each scene is dressed with the view of
making him stand out clearly defined
and more conspicuous than his fellow
men, while the chorus is garbed in neu
tral tints, so it will not project itself
too prominently by reason of Its dress.
While it is in evidence during the
greater part of the play, it is, well —
just the chorus." .
"Big or little?" I asked. "Evidently
big. Judging from the looks of this
room."
In the first place Ajax is modern in
one sense of the word, because Its
"Yes, big. Full one hundred and
fifty. And, by the way, that reminds
me. We are to have an Athenian au
dience. You know that is one of the
suppositions, but in this case 'the
original idea is to be carried out. The
amphitheater is divided into two sec
tions. The first one, in reality a part of
the stage, is to be filled with students
in costume and their picturesque dress
will lend a touch of realism that will
be most effective. Of course you know
the play." she added, and I haven't yet
decided in my own mind whether that
was Just a subtle feeler or merely an
afterthought.
"Of course" I did, after a fashion,
but if the average person possesses 'as
limited a knowledge of the "Ajax of
Sophocles" as I, it won't do any great
harm to dilate upon it for a minute or
so.
By Mad^e Moore.
gERKKLEY has a new bee In her
bonnet. Not content with em
ploying every methed known to
modern science to peep into th«
future, she must turn fairly and
squarc-Iy about and delve into ages
long gone by.
In fact, this self-same delving has
scheduled her to take a flying trip
backward. So far back, by the way,
that she passes the period of mediae
vallsm and "lands with much ado some
four hundred years before Christ. And
the direct cause of this sudden flight
is nothing more or less than the return
cf the old Greek drama with its re
ligious inspirations, its simplicity of
construction and its general beauty and
harmony.
When the old morality play "Every
man" was first presented the theater
goers were amazed, but when they
were bidden to "Ajax." one of the best
known tragedies of the ancient Greek
dramatist Sophocles^ they bowed their
heads and went cs lambs to the
slaughter.
For "Ajax." be it known to »*•» un
initiated, begins with the killing of
rnany cattle and ends with the shed
ding of blood — a veritable slaughter,
indeed.
As the rirst production of this classic
was led and directed by Mabel Hay
Barrows, so will this one be, for she
Journeyed across the continent to train
the students in their respective roles,
to costume the play and to see that it
is staged as it should bo. •
In the meantime she is tucked away
in a cottage at the foot of the hills
calling the clerk of the weather all
s>ort*> of queer-sounding names for
treating her so shabbily, for outdoor
plays, even though they are given in
ideal Greek amphitheaters, do not agree
very heartily with torrents of rain.
When I dropped the knocker on the
door 1 wondered rather vaguely wheth
er ehe could let me and my baby
rivulets in vr not. for I was as wet as
a drowned cat and just about as com
fortable.
In a n:inute the door swung hospi
tably open and there stood the quaint
est type of girl I have ever seen. Her
frock was of r. soft gray cut in neither
the fashion <»f to-day nor yet of yes
terday; htr hair, snugly braided, was
wound about her head Grecian style
and ftltosclher she looked as though
she rr.isht think in Greek and speak in
Lstin.
.But ?he didn't do either. She just
FmiJed and vpencd the door a little
wider.
"Ccrne right In or we'll be flooded"
v. as what fhe said, and ushered me
into a t-ozy sitting-room. As I looked
about for something: tffat I could sit
on with safety she must have caught
the drift of "AJax" and "paper" for
the said "Oh." in an expressive man
ner and the next minute found me
marching upstairs to dry stockings and
varm slippers, and it was not until a
bowl of hot soup was steaming away
in front of me that she leaned for
ward and said: "Now, what do you
want?"
If one is to judge from appearances,
this is the way Miss Barrows handles
everything that chances her way — from
a stray individual to a complicated
Greek drama.
"Your own students are the recruits,
you know, don't you?" she queried as
she looked ud a picture. "And," she
added, with an amused little laugh,
"I'm perfectly satisfied in my own mind
you would recognize the boys any
where, for I've been struggling to keep
them from cutting their hair. Long
hair, curled. Is better and more com
fortable than any wig on the market
and it always gives a touch of realism
that Is difficult to obtain otherwise."
And this Is one of the secrets of Miss
Barrows', success. She wisely adheres
to traditional ideas in the Homeric cos
tume* and ehe gives them every touch
of realism that she possibly can, even
to bare arms and legs, and it may be
said with more than a degree of truth
that the artificial Greek substitutes
wear the classic costumes even as those
born under the sunny skies of Greece
Itself.
About me, piled high on all sides,
•were costumes of every color and every
description. Vivid backgrounds out
lined and brought into sudden reMef by
braids of silver and gold, but with all
the gay tones there was not even y.z
much as a suggestion of anything
gaudy, or tawdry.
"You furnish all the costumes?" I
esked. picking up a deep red, trimmed
with a buff border.
"Yes, everything. And I want to
make one point clear In your mind.
Every one of these," waving a hand to
a stack feet high, "has been select-
maker was the first master dramatist
to introduce more than two actors and
to make use of painted scenery. More
than this, he Ignored the ancient tra
dition that death must be hidden from
the audience, and In a clear, concise
fashion shows the sudden madness, the
pathetic remorse and the calm suicide
of the great warrior.
Briefly then the story is this: When
Odysseus Is carefully studying foot
prints in the sand, the voice of Athena
is heard telling him that Ajax, whom
he is evidently in search of, has slain
the cattle and their keepers in a fit of
madness, which she herself had cast
upon him, that he might slay the cat
tie instead of the Greek chiefs-^-Odyss
eus, Agamemnon and Menelaus, as he
had hoped to do. To prove her state
ments true she calls Ajax from the tent
with a blood stained scourge in his
hand3 and boastful triumphs on his
lips.
When the followers of Ajax hear of
his frenzy they rush to hl3 tent, calling
on him .to come forth and clear his
good name, assuring him that they be
lieve it all base slander and even going
so far as to say " 'Tis on the powerful
that envy creeps."
All this, however, has no effect upon
Ajax, for after the madness passes ha
is cast into deepest melancholy and
prays his friends to mercifully slay
him/ for in his eyes this shame has
blotted out all his glorious deeds.
Tecmessa, his wife, does all that lies
in her power to rouse him, but his
sole reply is to bid her bring their boy,
in order that he may bid him farewell.
This done, he gives minute instruct
tions as to his burial and silently seeks
his own counsel.
! Just about this time a messenger
arrives from the enemy's camp telling
how the Greeks have planned the death
of Ajax aHd his brother Teucer. Cal
chas, the seer, has predicted to Teucer
that if Ajax can be kept in his tent this
day only the anger of Athena would be
averted. The followers, accompanied
by the messenger, seek Ajax and are
filled with sudden dismay to learn that
he has already left his tent, going no
one knows whither.
Tecmessa, fearing the worst, arouses
the men to action and In a twinkling
has sent them searching one way while
she goes an entirely different direction.
When they find him it is on the sea
shore after he has commended his
spirit to the gods and fallen on his
sword.
. In the midst of the wails Menelaus
appears and roughly tells Teucer that
the body of Ajax must lie where it fell,
unburied; that Ajax was worse than
a, Trojan foe because he had plotted the
death of his fellow comrades. An angry
dispute follows and the two men go
their various ways, one to summon
Agamemnon and the other to find
a suitable burying place for his broth
er.
When the warriors meet a grain they
continue their quarrel until Odysseus
comes forth and champions the cause
of the mighty foe, saying: "When a
brave nmn is dead 'tis not right to do
him scu'iheno, not even if thou hate
him." Still doing as he deems right,
he ..offers to help Teucer In the last
ritc3, but hie kindly assistance is re-
THE SAN.. FRANCISCO: SUNDAY CALL.
THE AJAX
OF
SOPHOCLESTHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
C"T*t O dress well is a social duty.
I Every educated, self-respecting
I voman is bound to clothe her
JL person as neatly, as tastefully
and becomingly as she can. But just
as a virtue, when carried to excess de
velops into a vice, so the art of dress-
Ing well, when,allowed to overstep its
legitimate uses'and expenditures, eas
ily runs into folly and madness. The
reckless extravagance of woman\s
dress at the present day is little short
of criminal Insanity. A feverish de
sire to outvie one another in the man
ner and make of their garments ap
pears to possess every feminine crea
ture whose lot in life places her out
side positive- penury. The inordinate
ly wealthy, the normally rich, the
well to do middle class and the shab
by genteel are all equally infected by
th*» Fame hysterical frenzy. And it is
a frenzy which is humored and en
couraged on all sides by those who
should have the sense, the intelli
gence and the foresight to realize the
danger of such a tendency and the
misery to which in many cases it is
surely bound to lead.
Latterly there have been certain
growlings and mutterings of discon
tent from husbands who have had to
pay certain unexpectedly long bills
for their wives' "crea
tions in costume" —
but, as a matter
of fact, it is reallv the men who are
chiefly to blame for the wicked
waste of money they afterward
resent and deplore. They are the
principal instigators of the mis
chief — the aiders and abettors of th*
destruction of their own credit and
good name. For they openly show
their admiration of women's clothes
more than the women clothed — thnt is
to say, they are more easily captured
by art than nature.- No group of male
flatterers is ever seen round a woman
whose dress is unstylish or otherwise
out of date. She may have the sweet
est face in the world, the. purest na
ture and the truest heart, but the
"dressed" woman, the dyed, the ar
tisiicalfy f 'f>ked" woman wil^
nearly always score a tri
umph over her so far ps
masculine aporeciation
and attention are con
cerned.
The "faked" wo
man has every-
ting well burned In
the fires of loss
and disaster. For,
in any case, it may
be taken for grant
ed that theyalways
charge a double,
sometimes treble,
price for a gar
ment or costume,
over and above
what that garment
or costume is really
worth, and one
may safely pre
sume they base all
their calculations
on possible loss.
It is no uncommon thing to be told
.hut such and such an evening blouse
>r bodice copied "from 'the Paris
nodel" will cost 40 guineas. "We
night possibly do it for 35," says the
:ostumer meditatively, studying with
veil assumed gravity the small, flimsy
>bject he is thus pricing, a trifle made
ip of chiffon, ribbon and tinsel gew
raws, knowing all the while that
jvervthing of which It Is . composed
:ould be purchased for much less than
ilO. Twenty-five guineas, 45 guineas,
55 guineas are quite common prices
or gowns at any of the fashionable
shops to-day. One cannot, of course,
ilame the modistes and outfitting
Irm3 for asking these absurd fancy
?rices if they can get them. If worn
;n fire mad it Is perhaps wise, jusi
»nd reasonable to take financial ad
vantage of their madness while it
as.ts. Certainly no woman of well
aalanced brain would give unlimited
prices for gowns without most care
ful inquiry as to the correct value ol
he material and trimming used foi
:hem, and the feminine creature whc
-uns into the elaborate showrooms ol
Madame Zoe or Berenice or Faustina
md orders frocks by the dozen, saying
:hjrpingly: "Oh, yes! You know hoA*
ihey ought to be made! Your taste
s always perfect! Make them ver>
pretty, won't you? Much prettier thar
:hose you made for Lady Claribel!
Yea, thankB 1 . I'll leave it all in your
hands!" is a mere lunatic, gibbering
nonsense, who could not, if she were
asked, tell where twice two making
four might possibly lead her in the
sum total of a banking: account-
Not very long ago there was held e
wonderful "symposium" of dress at th(
establishment of a certain modiste. Ii
tvas intensely diverting, entertainlnj
ind instructive. A stage was erected ai
Dne end of a long room, and on thai
stage, with effective flashes of lime
ight played from the wings at inter
i-als and the accompaniment of a Hun
garian band, young ladies wearin?
"creations" In costume stood, sat
turned, twisted and twirled, and finallj
walked down the room between rows o:
spectators to show themselves and th<
gowns they carried to the best possibl<
advantage. The whole thing was mucl
better than a stage comedy.. Nothinj
could surpass the quaint peacock-liki
vanity "of the girl "mannequins," whi
strutted up and down, moving thei
arms about to exhibit their sleeves ant
swayjng their hips to accentuate thi
fall; and flow. of flounces and draperies
It was a marvelous sight to behold, am
It Irresistibly reminded one of a part'
of impudent children trying on for fui
all their mothers' and elder sisters' bes
long dresses while- the unsuspeotlni
owners were out of the -way. There wa:
a." ."programme" .of the performance
fearfully and wonderfully worded, Un
composition, so we were afterwan
"with bated breath" informed, o
Madame la Modiste's sister, a lady
who bv virtue of having written twi
small and rather clever skits en th»
manners, customs and modes of society,
is in some obliging' quarters of the
press called a "novelist."- •
It Is quite easy to drcsi well and
tastefully without spending a very
great deal of money. It certainly re
quires brain, thought, foresight, taste
and comprehension of the harmony of
colors. But the blind following of a
fashion because Madame This or That
cays It is chic or "le dernier cri" of
some parrot-like recommendation of the
sort, is mere stupidity on the part of
the followers. ' To run up Ions credit
for dresses without the least idea how
the account is ever going to be paid is
nothing less than a criminal act. It ts
simply fraud. And such fraud reacts
on the whole community. Extravagant
taste in dress is infectious. Most of us
are Impressed by the King's sensible
and earnest desire that the press
should use its influence for good in fos
terina amity and good will between
ourselves and foreign countries. If the
press would equally use its efforts to
discourage florid descriptions of dress
in their columns much of the wild and
willful extravagance which is frequent
'ly the ruin of otherwise happy homes
might be avoided. When Lady A seen
her loathed rival Lady B's dress de
scribed In half a column of newspaper
"gush" she straightway yearns and
schemes for a whole column of the
same kind. When simple country girls
read the amazing Items of the toilettes
worn by some notorious demi-mon
daine they begin to wonder how it is she
has such things and to speculate as to
•whether they •will ever be able to ob
tain similar glorified apparel for them
selves. And so the evil grows, till by
and by it becomes a pernicious disease
and women look superciliously at one
another, not for what they are. but
merely to estimate the quality and
style of what they put on their backs.
Virtue goes to the wall If It does not
wear a fashionable frock. Vice is wel
-comed everywhere If It Is clothed in a
Paris "creation." Nevertheless, Ben
Jonson's lines still hold good:
"Still to b# neat. tUU to b* .drest, •
As you were roinr to a (east;
Still to b« Dowder'd. still perfumed;
Lady. It ts to ba presumed.
Though art's hid eaus«a are not found
All Is not aweet. all Is not sound."
"All is not sweet, all. Is not sound"
when women think little or nothing of
ordering extravagant costumes which
they well know they will never be able
to pay for unless through some dishon
orable means, such as gambling at
bridge, for example. Madame Modiste
is quite prepared for such an exigency,
for she does not forget to show "crea
tions" In clothes which, she softly
purrs, are "suitable foF bridge par
ties." They may possibly be called "The
Tricky Trump" or "The Dazzling of a
Glance Too Long" or "The Deft Im
press of a Finger NalL" One never
knows I
(Copyright. 1904. by Central News
-:¦ :¦.-•;, and Press Exchange.) •
above grotesque
suggestion one ex
tract from . a
lengthy "clothes"
article recently
published in a
dally paper will
BufHce:
"Among the numerous
evening and dinner
/gowns that the young
lady has in her corbeille,
one, a" l'lmperatrice Eugenie,
IS" very lovely. The founda
tion is of white liberty, with
a tulle overdress, on which are
four flounces of Chantilly lace ar
ranged in zig-zags, connected to
gether with shaded pink gloria rlb
-bons arranged in waves and wreaths.
This is repeated on the low corsage
and on the long, drooping sleeves of
the high bodice.
"A rich toilet is of white liberty silk,
with a flounce of magnificent Brussels
lace festooned by leaves of the chest
nut,- formed of white satin wrought in
iris beads and 'silver on white tulle.
The whole gown is strewn with like
leaves of graduating sizes, and the low
corsage has a bertha of Brussels lace
ornamented with smaller chestnut,
leaves, as are also the sleeves." And'
so on, In unlimited bursts of enthusi
asm.
I cannot say I am in the least sorry
wlien "modistes" who "create" cos
tumes at forty, fifty and even' one hun
dred and two hundred guineas per
gown, are mulcted of some of their un
lawful profits by defaulting creditors.
In nine cases out of ten- they richly
deserve it. They are rightly punished
when they accept with fulsome flat
tery , and servile obsequiousness a
"title" • as sufficient guarantee for
credit, and in the end find out that
her Grace the Duchess or Miladi the
Countess are perhaps more wickedly
reckless and unprincipled than any
plain Miss or Mrs. ever born, and that
these grandes dames frequently make
use" of both rank and position to sys
tematically cheat their tradespeople.
The tradespeople are directly to
blame for trusting them, and this Is
daily and continuously proved. Eut
the touching crook-kneed worship uf
mere social rank still remains an In
gredient of the mercantile nature — it
is inborn and racial — a kind of
microbe in the blood generated there
in old feudal times, when all over the
world peddlers humbly sought the pa
trcnage and favor of robber chief
tains, and unloaded their packs in the
"castle hall" for the pleasure of the
fair ladles who were kept at home In
"durance vile" by their rough, un
washed lords. And so perhaps it has
chanced through, long custom and
heritage that at this present day there
Is nothing- quite so servile in all crea
tion as the spectacle of a "modiste" In
attendance on a Duchess, or a "ladies' ¦
tailor" bending himself double while
deferentially ' presuming to measure
the hips of a Princess. It is quaint —
it is pitiful — it is intensely, dellciously
comic. ' And when the price of the
garment Is never clearly stated and
the bill never sent in for years lest
offense Is given to "her Grace" or "her
Highness"— by. firms that will, never
theless, have no 'scruples In sending
dunning letters and legalthreats to un
titled, ladlea, who may possibly kee.p
them waiting a little for their money,
but whose position and credit are
more firmly established than - those of
any "great' personages with handles to
tli'eir . names; it Is not without a cer
tain secret satisfaction, that one hears
of such fawning flunkeys of trafle get-
¦
»thlng on her side.
: 'fhe drama supports
her. The ' press en
courages her. Whole
columns in seemingly sane Journals are.
devoted to the description of her at
tire. Very little space is given to the
actual criticism of a new play as a
play, but any. amount of room is'
awarded to glorified "gushers" con
cerning the actresses' gowns. Of course
it has to be borno in mind that the
"writing up" of actresses' gowns serves
a double purpose. Firstly, the "crea
tors" of the- gowns are advertised and
may in their turn advertise— which, in
these days of multitudinous rival news-,
papers, is a point not .to be lost sight
of. Secondly, the actresses "themselves
are advertised and certain gentlemen
with big noses, who move "behind the
scenes", and' are the lineal descendants
of Moses and Aaron,' may be thereby
encouraged to speculate in theatrical
"shares." "Whereas criticism of the
play itself . does no good to anybody
nowadays, not even to the dramatic
author. For If such criticism .be un
favorable, the public says it is written
by a spiteful enemy— if eulogistic, by a
"friend at court," and they accept
neither verdict. They go to see the
thing for themselves and If they like It
they keep on going. If not, they stay
away, and there's an end.
But to the sowns there 1b no end.
The gowns, even in an unsuccessful
play, are continuously talked of, con
tinuously written about, continuously
Bketched in every sort of pictorial small
and great, fashionable or merely pro
vincial. And the . florid . language— or
shall we say the "fine writing?"— used
to describe clothes generally, on and
off the stage. Is so ravingly sentimen
tal, so bewilderingly turgid, that it can
only compare with the' fervid verbosity
of the early eighteenth-century roman
cists, or the biting sarcasm of Thack
eray's "Book of Snobs," from which
the following passage, descriptive of
"Miss Snobky's" presentation gown,
may be aptly quoted: . ' ' ,
"Habit de cour composed of a yellow
nankeen illusion dress, over, a slip of
rich pea-green corduroy, trimmed en
tablier with boquets of " briissels
sprouts, the body and sleeves hand
somely trimmed with calimanco and
festooned with a pink train and white
radishes. Headdress, carrots and lap
pets." \ .
By way of a modern pendant to the
THE MADNESS
OF
CLOTHESroom, sit wearily down and mechani
cally place his feet on the rounds or
perhaps the seat- of the chair imme
diately in front of him. He imagines
that rests him. Instead he istdnly tiring
himself Just -that much more, for the
muscles of his legs. Instead of being
relaxed, are uqder a strain and while
he does not realize just what the
trouble is he will nine times out of
ten get up with an impatient "I'm more
tired than I was before."
If you want to elevate your feet do
It properly and then calmly sit and
derive the benefits of it. In the first
place, in sitting one thing should be
done. Always sit as far back on the
seat as you can — and, by the way, do
not cross the legs. This in itself «ives
you a broader basis to sit on and tends
to quiet the nerves. Draw the second
chair up near you and place the soles
of your feet against the rounds of the.
back, taking care to see that the knees
are supported on the seat, for in this
way the strain is_removed and you are
free to rest comfortably as long as you
WilL
You see that nothing fried or sreasy
is aljowed. for thi3 diet is to promote
health, physical visor and force, and
only the simplest focda cooked in the
plainest way are permissible.
The exercises here portrayed are ex
cellent ones for home use. No. 1 clasps
the wand, palms outward, bending the
right leg over and alternating with the
left. Then straighten up with the wand
In the rear and swins wand over the
head in front of the body. Repeat this
over again and straighten up as In
figure 2.
The windmill exercise bends you for
ward and keeps the arms rigid and op
posite each other as in flsure Z. At the
same time bend the left knee and touch
the floor between the heels. Then
swing lightly from side to side.
The rocker, figure 4, reduces a big
stomach and develops the abdominal
muscles and at the same time straight
ens the small of the back and makes
one more fit.
There is just one more exercise that
I especially want to mention and if
more women would devote a few min
utes a day to this one movement there
would be a scarcity of pains and aches.
Lie down full length on the floor as in
figure 5. Roll the body along the floor
and back again and by thl3 time you
will have discovered that the pressure
comes on the weak, inner organs. This
exercise, by the way, has no muscular
effect, but It makes the digestive
organs strong and renders colic utterly
impossible.
I have spoken of health of th» body
and the carriage of the body as the dis
tinct alms of physical culture, but it i3
scarcely fair to stop there, for It really
Is- three-fold in its mission, as it gains
us what the old poet prayed for— "a
scund mind in a sound body."
This holds good In lying down as
well. It Is such a frequent thins to go
into the house, curl up on a cozy couch
with a book nnd let one or both feet
hang over the edge. Sometimes it Is
because we have a wholesome fear of
being canght with our boot3 on the
cover and then again it Just happened
so. But don't let it occur frequently.
Instead of spending money on doctor
bills, *buy a new couch cover now and
then for it will be infinitely cheaper in
the long run to bottle up your energy
than it will be to keep a spotless cover.
These little things are rut much in
themselves, but the7 frequently add
their mite at precisely the wrong mo
ment and the result is disastrous. The
little things are what makrs and keeps
good health. Just as soon as the body
is run down it seml3 out a special in
vitation to Mr. Disease to come avisit
ing and you are in no condition to* or
der him away. Keeping one's self in
good condition means escaping a host
of ailments, for pains and woes are
ever on the alert to find a weak spot
and as soon as they spy one they s»ally
forth, bag and baggage and camp there
Just as long as they possibly can— in
fact, until they are forcibly ejected.
What you eat has mere or less to do
with your condition, though if you
have trained your stomach muscles
properly you can almost rival the in
vincible ostrich.
Athletes who are in training have a
certain diet and I will Rive it to you
in order that you may see how plainly,
yet how well they live.
Breakfast— Fruit: oatmeal or cracked
wheat with a little milk, boiled or
poached eggs, baked potatoes, stale
bread or toast with butter.
Dinner— Roast or boiled meats, cab
base, carrots, parsnips or other whole
some vegetables plainly cooked.
Supper — Cold meats, poached esss.
baked potatoes, cold stewed fruit and
stale bread.
FLYING MACHINE THAT FLIES
thgre ought to be exercise for the entire
body, or else there will be a case of
over and t under development.
These days the variety of exercises
open to women are almost as great as
to men. The graceful horsewoman, the
leng-distance skater, the strong swim
mer, the vigorous oarsman, the brisk
v/alker, all mean one and the same
or two or three. It will not hurt you.
On the contrary, the benefit of such
a walk should be immediate and mark
ed. Of course, if you hold. your head
down, draw your shoulders together
and slouch along like a whipped cur
you are not going to gain much; but
if you inhale long breaths through the
nose and not through the mouth, and
walk smartly and briskly the pulses
should quicken and the tired body for
get its woes, and instead there should
be a feeling of exhilaration that ' is
bound to come with good health. ' 1
And while I think of it I want to tell
you a little something about sitting
down and standing up.. How many of
you .have seen a ¦ tired man 'enter? a
cloth at top and bottom. It is buoyant
enough of Itself to float its own weight
and that of one man. During their
.three years of experiments, the broth
ers had added considerably to their
knowledge of air currents and of the
resistance of canvas. Keeping , these
things in view, they designed and built
their propelling apparatus. One pro
peller, revolving horizontally, is placed
underneath the center of the machine's
than forty feet from tip to tip. and it
weighs, entirely equipped, about seven
hundred pounds. The achievement
marks an impressive step in advance
toward the every-day navigation of
the air.
..The test in question was made at
Kitty Hawk, in North Carolina. In the
neighborhood of which place the ma
chine was. launched from the top of
a high sand dune. The aeroplane first
took a downward course, but as the
propeller under the engine increased
its revolutions, began to rise slowly
and steadily into the air. When the
machine was sixty feet • above the
ground the rear propeller began to
do Its work, sending the "flyer" for
ward against the wind. Wilbur Wright
was able to steer his craft as he
pleased, with the aid of the horizontal
steering csar — a3 shown in our illus
tration — and after golns three miles
brought the machine gentry to the
ground without difficulty or mishap.
Professor Langley and Maxim ex
perimented along the Hne3 of a real
flyinj machine, as distinct from the
dirigible balloon3 of Santos-Dumont
and Lebaudy. But the eminent scien
tist and the brilliant Inventor, with
fortunes at their disposal, have not
been rewarded with the success of
these amateurish mechanicians. A ma
chine, not a hiie. th^t propels Itself
against a strong v.in<l. b under steer
age control, and lands without con
verting itself into a scrap heap, la
something new under the sun. — Col
lier's.
TO sail three' miles through the
air at a speed of eight miles
an hour against a breeze
blowing twenty-one miles an
hour is the most notable achievement
in flying-machine experiments. Three
years ago, two brothers named Wright,
of Dayton, Ohio, went down among the
sandhills of the North Carolina coast.
They, were expert mechanics, and
brought their own tools and machinery.
They had studied the experiments of
flying-machine inventors here and
abroad. ¦
The machine, in which the operator
lies at full length, is in some ways like
a box. kite with a rudder Instead of a
tail. The framework is covered with
body. The other is like the screw of a
steamship, whirling vertically at the
rear. .
The machine is launched from a
hill by merely "pushing off." It can
be .pointed in any direction and can be
landed at will, it is strong enough to
stand the strain of repeated trips, and
its wings have been tested with- six
times the load they carried last
month. The horizontal position of the
man in the machine saves about one
half horsepower by diminishing the
ivind resistance. The Wrights have
used larger cloth surfaces than their
predecessors. Their successful ma
chine has. three hundred square feet
of cloth. The wings measure more
thing^rosy, healthy women, who know
nothing of nerves, but spend the day
happily and profitably. And these wo
men are the Jolllest kind to meet, too.
There are scores of girls who are full
•of fun and who are not only willing
but eager, to partake in the day's pleas
ure. They start out happily and mer
rily, but after a short time fatigue
commences to steal over them and if
they are unable to turn back they are
soon mentally and physically exhaust
ed and every one within a radius of ten
blocks. Is made to feel the weight of
their displeasure.
Now, such girls are unpopular, and
deservedly so, too. Great and unusual
strength is not to be desired, but they
should be equal to the task of getting
the most and the be.st out of life, es
pecially when It rests with them
whether they will use the means to
gain it or not
If you are down town, walk home In
stead of riding. What if It is a mils
troubles by the score. In walking the
liver is not materially aided one way
or the other, but the minute our arms
go over our heads or our bodies and
bent backward or forward, or to
either side for that matter, the liver is
squeezed and It is helped in its usual
work to a great extent. It is certainly
simple enough when one knows orreal
lzes this, Isn't it? So, you see, it really
pays to do things well or not to do
them at all. The very next time you
stoop to pick up a pin, bend over just
a little farther than usual and keep
that position a second longer and If It
is uncomfortable and you feel as
though you were going to have a rush
of blood to the head, think of the
squeezing your liver is getting and be
consoled.
Too much cannot be said of active
out-door exercise, for it will go far
toward, securing perfect health. But
you must bear in mind that it will only
develop the parts brought into play
and you can readily understand that
FOR some reason or otner, when
ever one speaks or physical cul
ture, or exercise In any form for
that matter, every one promptly
thinks of the gymnasium, or, worse
yet, the athletic field.
Now, that is not the only mode of
exercise by any manner of means, and
if you did but know it. all the appara
tus that one really needs to keep the
muscles of the body In good condition
are to be found within your own bed
room. Gymnasiums, If used systemat
ically and sensibly, are a paying prop
osition, but if you are willing: to search
for exercises you can readily find any
aiziount that will thoroughly test and
develop the entire body.
For instance, take an ordinary chair
and see what can be done with it.
Place it in an open space and lie down
en It, face downward, with the upper
part of -the less and the lower part of
the stomach resting on the chair. Nat
urally you will tilt back and forth a
little, but that is not the exercise.
Ftretch the arms out In front and the
lees in back and then see how high in
the air you can get them, or, in other
words, how much of a bow you can
make. Keep this position for a min
ute until you feel the muscles pulling
and stretching and then touch the
floor with both hands and feet relaxed.
A motion of this kind can be kept up
until it tires you, which, by the way,
•will not be long, but rest assured it will
make the muscles in the small of your
back and your hips so strong that you
will never have even as much as a
speaking acquair.tar.ee with backache.
Thera Is another movement that is
timple but very effective. Sit down in a
chair as usual and place your hands
oa the bottom of the chair and then
raise yourself as high as you can. This
'will pull the arms and chest vigorous
ly e« the weight rests upon the arms.
As you gain strength, try another part
ef the same exercise that will call the
abdomen into activity. When you are
raised from the chair try to raise the
leg* and extend them In a horizontal
position and hold them there for a few
minutes.
Don't be discouraged if you cannot
accomplish this feat at first, for it is
most difficult and will only come with
hard, steady practice. All this time re
member that a goodly supply of pure
air Is absolutely necessary a,nd that
you will progress more rapidly it you
will acauire the habit of drawing in
deep, full breaths, filling your lungs to
their utmost capacity.
Another good exercise is to place two
chairs of an even height near enough
to serve as parallel bars. Raise and
lower the body until you are tired,
but draw a line between merelv tired
and tired out or exhausted. When one .
aids materially the other deters, and
It is never the part of wisdom to keep
at a. thing until It Is painful or dis
tressing in any way.
The ordinary stool Is a good instru
ment to work with, for it lends Itself
to all sorts and conditions of exercises.
For instance, put a couple of toe
etraps on the floor or baseboard and
draw the stool up near enough to slip
the toes through the snug openings.
Deliberately bend back until the head
touches the floor and then pull your
pelf Into a Kitting: posture again. If
you cannot do this with comparative
race try it cgain and again, for the av
erage person with ordinary strength
tbould find this little or no exertion.
To l-e pure the muscles will pull
ard probably make their presence
known the next day or so, but after the
first sharp tug: is over the movements
should not be painful.
There is scarcely a move that can be
made that does rot accomplish some
little good unless it has been too purely
lackadaisical for anything and in that
event it is like the half-breath— Just a
little something that cannot be got
along without.
The ordinary movements of every
day life amount to exactly what one
makes them. Each and every one of us
stoops over and picks up some article
«very day, but we do it in as easy a
fashion as \v e can. thinking that we.
¦ re saving ourselves trouble... Instead
of that we are deliberately storing up
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
PHYSICAL
CULTURE AT
HOMEHARRIET (Embroidery). — Punch
work Is very simple and very effective
and not at all expensive. Yes, it Is
done in colors or in white. Just as you
please, but the sudden craze of the
hour is for elaborate embroidery and
braidings and the colors are very vivid,
MRS. J. N. (Callers).— It does not
make any- difference whether you are
at home or not when your neighbors
call, the obligation \n there Just the
same, and. you should return the call
within the customary time.
. TREATING BUSHY EYEBROWS
(Eudora).— Eyebrows that are so dark
and bushy that they give an ugly,
scowling expression to the faca aro
certainly distressing, but I think you
can do much to render them more* en
durable by careful training. They
should never be touched with oil un
less absolutely necessary; should they
be very stiff a trifle of oil will do no
harm. The daily application, during
years, of pomades and similar sub
stances has rendered your eyebrows ir
regular and promoted rapid growth,
for every tiny hair has been overnour
lshed. There are two effective ways of
restoring the contour of the brows.
RETARDING GRAY HAIR (Twen
ty-three)—This subject has been given
consideration before in this depart
ment, but I am srlad to help you if I
can. I am sorry you- did not tell me
more' about yourself— your general
health, mode of living, etc., then I
might advise you better. It Is rather
unusual for. the hair to begin to turn
gray at twenty-three and I suggest
that you consult a skilled dermatologist
if one is within reach, and without de
lay. A thorough and skillful examin
ation of 'the scalp may reveal the
trouble and its cause. Grayness may
be. briefly classified as senile and pre
mature; for the former- there is no
remedy but dye, but ¦ for the ' latter,
which occurs at any period before the
fortieth year of life as the result of any
disease of the scalp or body -which in-
BRIDE (Gifts).— A bride should ac
knowledge her gifts as soon as possi
ble after she has received them. No, a
card is not sufficient. Instead write a
graceful little note thanking the donor,
for this; whe-n you stop to consider, \%
the least you could do under the cir
cumstances.
PROPERLY POWDERING THE
FACE (Violet)— The seemingly simple
things of life are those most habitually
neglected or, at best, imperfectly per
formed, and yet how often we note this
with a feeling of regret when some
trifle spoils an otherwise perfect" whole.
Powdering the face may seem, ridicu
lously easy and yet few know how to
do it well. A hurried dab with visible
traces of the powder everywhere is a
common fault. The woman who knows
the value of trifles puts thought and
delicacy of touch in the work, and this
is the secret of. success. She selects
a powder best suited to hec- natural
complexion, but never pure white no
matter how fair her. skin may be. The
darkest shade of cream Is best for the
average skin. Before arranging th*
hair the forehead, neck and other parts
next to the hair are to be powdered,
then any particles which settle on tha
hair may be brushed away when comb
ing the hair. Then, seated in a strong
light, the powder is deftly applied
over the entire faco and neck, and
hereon hangs the tale. Instead of rub
bing it in or twirling it on with a down
STAINED FINGER NAILS (Practi
cal)—Housekeepers who do more or
less of their own work exposing their
hands,- as they must, to extreme
changes of hot and cold water, find as
you do that the nails are the most dif
ficult part to keep clean. I, sympa
thize with your ambition to have pretty
clean hands and know how you : are
distressed over the nails which are so
badly stained underneath. I think,
however, a change in your way of car
ing for your hands will 5 work a change
in their appearance. Harsh acids are
largely responsible for much of the dis
coloration which cannot: be eradicated.
The delicate enamel which covers the
nail, designed to protect the fiber' from
stain, has been destroyed by the com
bined action of lemon Juice and alcohol,
hence the stains. The open -fibers ab
sorb every thing, touched and the ap
plication of more add or soaping to
clean the nails only makes the matter
worse. While lemon- Juice Is excellent
used in moderation, its dally, use In
the unadulterated state will ' spoil the
prettiest nails. "Another point: Never
scrape beneah the nails with any sharp
blade, always '¦ use a pointed ivory or
orange wood sticks. To clean the nails
soak the finger, tips In a bowl of tepid
water for five minutes and with a nail
brush ' clean •¦ away, all loose grime
Answers to
Correspondents
around the nails and under them; then
brush again with equal parts of lemon
juice and water, rinse and wash away
all the dry acid; then rub the nails, es
pecially underneath, with vaseline. At
night wear loose gloves with inside of
finger tips daubed with carbolated vas
eline to soften the nails, draw out the
remaining stain and induce a healthy
growth. . Prepare this lotion and rub
into the hands and nails several times
dally, after, washing. Mix one-half
ounce of glycerin, ten grains of tan
nlc add and two ounces of rose water.
PfJZZLED ; (Remembering birth
days).—It all depends upon how well
you know your friend. As a rule it is
not necessary to give a man a birth
day gift, but, as I said before, it all de
pends upon circumstances. A book is
always appropriate, but if you wish to
make it more personal, select soma
simple piece of Jewelry, such as a
watch ft?b or cuff buttons. They ara
not expensive and are not only nice to
have, but absolutely necessary.
MOTHER (Socks).— If yon want t»
keep your small son in short socks
throughout the winter make soma snug
legsin~s that button down tho sides
and put them on him when you taks
him out at night. In the win or
•when it is particularly cold. Whits
ones with white buttons are quite
smart, especially when worn with
white pique, but as they are difficult
to keen white and clean it is a good
thing to have a neat black pair on
hand.
MASSAGING A SCAR (Madeline)—
The scar on the face resulting from
lancing an abscess on the lower jaw
can be made less conspicuous by a dally
system of massage as soon as the
wound Is perfectly healed. The deep
Indentation which you fear will result
from the flesh adhering to the bone at
the point, of. puncture and to prevent
this exercise is absolutely necessary.
This keeps the tissues -free and by us*
ins a pure skin food in connection with
the massage the wasted tissues will be
built up and normal color more quickly
restored. To reach the minor tissues
and thus counteract the tendency to
fasten to the . bone the rotary move
ment is most valuable, finishing it with
a gentle picking up of the flesh be
tween the thumb and fingers to tone
up the relaxed muscles. Anoint the
ecar with the skin ' food, always pre
ceding this treatment by a warm face
bath, and with the finger tips per
form a rotary movement over the Jaw
bone, starting from the center of the
chin up to the temple, bestowing extra
care on the scar. Then repeat, plac
ing the fingers a trifle higher up, con
tinuing until the entire cheek ha3 been
gone over ' several , times, terminating
each time at the temple; then resort to
the gentle kneading and- picking up of
the flesh. Several times daily you may
gently knead the tissues by placing the
finger on the scar and moving it from
side to side. Three or four revolutions
each time will ba sufficient.
EMMA J. (To keep hair in etntV—
Always select curlers mad© of nxbb«v
for there is a peculiar quality aborxt
rubber that attracts the hair and coils
it naturally about the waver. Tak» an
eeg, beat it slightly and add a half
teacup of cold tea. Wet the hair that
Is to be waved and place the carle?
close to the head. Begin to wind th«
hair over, not forward toward the- f acu.
but back Instead. Be. sure to keep ths
hair smooth and to make it as near
like a natural curl as you can, for this
wave will stay in for a week even in
the warmest weather, and you ought
to do it in the most becoming way pos
sible.
puff In the usual way the Powaer
should be patted on very gently. The
correct motion Is a direct pat against
the skin; this prevents a rough patchy
look which is caused by the- powder
lodging on the slightly roughened cuti
cle; either a sliding upward or down
ward stroke will produce it. If inad*
vertently any powder clings and shows,
white lines, a tiny sponge moistened is
wiped over the spot, which is then re
powdered. A tiny brush removes any
powder from. the eyebrows ' and lashe^
and incidentally keeps the arch of th^
former In a perfect curve. -The fastldi
oub woman, realizing the possibility of
impurities in the ordinary powderpuiT,
selects either the inexpensive puffs .of
Turkish cloth, which may be cleaned or
thrown away often, or buys' a half
pound . package of . the best absorbent
cotton and uses a small wad each time,
thus insuring absolute cleanliness.
It goes without saying that every
man likes a coquette. There is some
thing irresistible about the lassie who
knows how to hand a cup of^taa. with a
smile, who can turn aside an : awkward
remark at the right minute, or who
can relieve an unpleasant situation
without an Instant's nesitation. To
ordinary man all these parlor tricks
border on the magic, and he cannot
offer her his hand and heart soon
enough.
If you Miss Up-to-Date would b«
honest with yourself you would admit
that your manners like your frocks
are chosen to please a man or. may -be
men. So it probably wouldn't do . any
harm to get on his side of the looking
glass and observe yourself as you real
ly are. You wear a pose as you would
a color— because you consider it be
coming. If you would only take the
trouble to remember that man admires
gentleness, modesty and cordiality,
your trials and tribulations would be
greatly diminished, for these qualities
should be natural. ! Even if . they , are
not, they may be cultivated a.nd it is
well worth while for they sum up the
masculine idea of feminine manners..
On the other hand avoid being: a
prude,- for she is about the limit, you
know. If you are eternally and forever
looking for trouble you are almost sure
to find it, and the girl who goes about
with a chip on her shoulder waiting for
an opportunity to snub a man is about
the most distasteful bit of femininity
that a man can meet in a month of
Sundays. Try to : be jolly and. genial
and natural and you can't go far
wrong. Assumed haughtiness Is cor
dially hated by everybody, while quiet
dignity never fails to be admired:
looKers to other than stare rudely and
grin openly^ ¦_. ;,
contrasting* shade of colored kid which
will also harmonize with the suit. Per
sian effects are gained by the use of
bits of black kid and embroidery cloth.
Eyelet work may be simulated by ap
plied eyelets (do not cut the kid out
aa it weakens the belt and causes It
to stretch In awkward .lines) outlined
with floss or tiny steel beads. ' Tho
daintiest belts can be made from the
white suede thickly studded with mock
jewels and embroidery, and worn with
black or white gowns the effect is par
ticularly good. The cutest little straps
of kid stretched with heavy silk in tho
same or contrasting color and studded
with several small or one larg« metal
button may be utilized to give a smart
touch to the golf skirt or scarlet vest.
Remodel the old white cloth skfrt by
making It into a modish evening Jacket
with collar and sleeve frills of a firm
net; richly decorated with an applied
design cut from scraps of white kid.
The arm part of the gloves is carefully
ripped open at the seam, stretched and
pinned out smoothly on an even sur
face and cleaned with magnesia rubbed
on with a white woolen rag. Then, by
the aid of paper patterns of the cor
rect size any desired article is cut
without the waste of material.
TRAVELER (Hand Bags).—What
ever else you economize on, do not da
it on traveling-bags. There Is some
thing very ordinary looking about
cheap suit cases, bags and trunks. As
a rule the English made hags ar© th»
bcst.the most commodious and th© most
serviceable, so it is an economy in th«
long run to purchase them. The price
all depends upon the size and th«
leather. For a lady I should say *. 40
inch tray trunk would not b« amiss
and you should get a good on* for
twenty or twenty- two dollars. A suit
case depends upon the linen or leathe?
lining, but you can get one plenty good
and one that will last years for twelvs
or fifteen dollars. Do not b« foolish
enough to think this high priced, for It
really Is not as you will discover tea
years hence.
give. I remember hearing a girl say
she had liked a certain chap until
she saw him eat ice cream from the
end of a spoon and then "sort of lick
it off." Surely, that was not a hid r
eous offense, but such is the perversity
of human nature.
And so |t is with man. When you
make yourself ridiculous in any man
ner he . considers your conduct out
rageous and is ready to annihilate you.
In fact, he will pardon you more read
ily for a crime than for making a spec
tacle of yourself; more easily for wil
fully treading on his heart than awk
wardly treading on his dignity. He
will declare until he is blue In the
face that he doesn't care a rap about
"good form," but beware of slipping
up on "good manners." for from his
viewpoint this is unpardonable and un
forgivable.
Man likes to feel his ov/n importance
and eo he demands feminine manners.
He doesn't go in for sweaters, shirt
waists and independence. No. That
reminds him too much of himself and
he isn't flattered with the imitation.
The girl who can take care of herself
may be refreshing at times, but she isn't
good as a steady diet, for she takes
away that gratifying sense of protec
tion that he likes to feel toward a
pretty woman. He doesn't enjoy being
treated as though he were of minor
consequence and a little something
that could be dispensed with entirely.
And then, too, he does not especially
enjoy the brusque fashion In which ho
is more than apt to be treated. In
short, he resents it for the world and
all like a cat whose fur has suddenly
been brushed the wrong way.
Don't think it Is the masculine girl' he
objects to, but tho masculine way in
which Khe does things. He demands
gentleness and he sets a generous dose
of brusqueness. •
So you see it Is a better paying prop
osition for you to wearti trailing skirt,
a picture hat and a becoming amount
of gentleness. To be sure, the ma
jority of men do not condemn a woman
then and there if they chance to hear
her say "damn," but it Is an unpleas
ant surprise and one that they do not
forget readily. It may be all fine and
daisy to have a companion who can
walk miles In the country, who can
ride like a fiend and who can rough it
as well if not better than he can. Yes,
the is a Jolly good fellow, but you
couldn't see him for dust if any one
proposed that he walk to the altar
with her. Not for him. The childish
youngster who understands the art of
holding up yards of fluffy lace and who
cannot hem without asking his advice
is the one he invites to accompany him
on this Journey, and he thoroughly
enjoys being her faithful Fldo. for Bhe
has a charming, artless way of tickling
his vanity. Flatter a man and you can
do almost anything with him. He needs
smoothing and soothing with an occa
sional scratch just by way of contrast.
You cannot bluff him half so easily as
you can wheedle him. In fact. If you
are past master In the art you can
nearly always wheedle *a man into
falling in love with you.
. Flee from loudness in any form as
you would flee from a deadly pest. It
Is worse than foolish to wear gaudy
apparel, to saturate yourself with per
fume and then to cap the climax by
talking for the benefit of the entire
room or car. A man may. turn about
and look at you, may even ogle you,
but he is thinking "heavens, another
freak turned' loose!" Rest assured he
isn't thinking anything complimentary.
It may not be a crime to hold your
petticoats six inches higher than is ab
solutely ' necessary, but if you do it
you most certainly cannot expect on-
none of these a band of malln* frith.
two full rosettes at the back with tiny
jeweled pins in the center, front and
back is dainty completion.
*•* yr ISS UP-TO-DATE. you're
(\/\ brewing O, pei-k ol troubles
I Tor yourself It you did but
JL know ;l. Im ihe strenuous'
race tu keep t;i» with the times and
to be strictly in the fashion, you do
things that yvould ir-ake your sran<l
inotber i!:;-.v. h*r hands up i;i ho!y
horror: ihinr.s even That cause your
mother t<» elevate her «yt brows and
lo rcaionstrate feebly, M I wouldn't do
thai ir I scere you."
"Old Cash!cr.ed** "s t!:e on!:-' answer
they ••!(• vouchsafed you sally
Corih i>> <.'•¦ precisely -s you please.
Did it ever occur to you that in man's
mind Lhere are a variety of codes of
"manner*?*' tf"©r instance, the kind
he o:i.-<'i;^':« i:i a. woman; the kind
lie adialres: ths l:ind for his sister,
and ;]>._¦ !;:::d Ecr.ihe other fellow's sis
ter, llpfortunately such is th^ case
a:. d tl:s*fcpon« you get this idea firmly
thruuih your htad the better oft you
bill be fjr it. i
True it may be difficult to believe
that ihe charming gentleman who smil
ingly iu»ns his lighted cigarette to
v.ard you, or who ll'ls your glass
again ar.U ngn?n with sparkling ..-hani
pacr.e. is other th^.n immensely pleased
with you. lie certainly acts the part
and you. like a su!l;bl« child, are just
foolish enough to believe it.
Uut let sne lell you a little recret.
He i^nt pleased at ai!. unless per
chance von refuse to Uo as he asks.
Then he is rot only surprised but in
wardly deligbted ur«d he admires you
for bavins ;i will of your own and for
bting so refreshingly old-fashioned.
As a matter of fact, the masculine
taste In manners is as simple as a
child's taste in susar plums — and inci
dentally as unchangeable. There are
net n:ore than four rules by which you
may gau?:^ him and if you fail it is.
merely because you have been too
strenuous to be '.fascinating, too arti
ficial to be restful or even interesting!
Rest assured there is nothing on the
face of this great globe of ours that
man lays so much stress upon as the
manners oi" the? women he likes. He
admires tlte repose and the gentle difi
nity that were so much a part of old
faehioncd "manners." but that has
either been forgotten or deliberately
cast aside as not worth the time or
trouble.
If you stopped to think a minute you
¦would realize how much the little
things of life mean to you ar.d how
difficult the little breaches are to for-
terferes with the circulation of the
blood, weakening and discoloring the
hair, restoration to healthy conditions
will usually be followed by a new
growth of hair of the natural color.
Assuming that no actual scalp disease
exists and* that your condition may
arise from a delicate nervous state and
Imperfect circulation. I would suggest
that you massage the scalp every night
and morning — this Is important to ex
cite an abundant blood supply to tho
parts. Brushing will not answer the
same purpose although it Is very es
sential. "When massaging do not mere
ly rub the scalp, but pick the scalp up
In a pinching motion between the
thumb and fingers. Have prepared a
tonic consisting of -one ounce of olive
oil, one ounce oil of rosemary, one
ounce of rock sulphur broken, In email
pieces, three ounces tincture of can
tharides and six ounces of bay rum.
Rub this well into the scalp daily. It
Is designed to retard the coming of
gray hair as well as to promote the
• growth of t new hair.
UTILIZING OLD GLOVES (Thirty).
Believing that a penny saved Is a
penny earned the clever maid learns
how to make the most of her posses
sions. You may utilize the stock of
eighteen button length gloves in the
making of the smartest new belts and
Etrap applique and button trimmings
for your early fall suits. As the gloves
are of suede it will work nicely. Real
izing that the crush belt is no longer
new, though very popular, the clever
maid elves the mode a new twist by
adorning the center of the back and
ends near, the buckle with conven
tional appliau* designs cut from &
One the removal of the Irregular haln
by electrolysis or by pulling them out
a Vw at a time. Be careful, however,
in either case that the hair is mily
out or the new growth will be stiffs*
than the lirst. If from location or by
reason of the number neither plan sug
gested is feasible.. da not tamper with
the hairs, but endeavor to cultivate tho
brows into more satisfactory form.
When washing and wiping the face
never neglect to stroke the brows out
ward toward the temples, remembering
that "as a twig fa bent, etc." Moisten
the eyebrows several times dally with
bay rum'or with water and with a
small brush stroke the hairs outward
from the center above the nose, always
trying to force the hairs into a pretty
curve.
FASHIONABLE NECKLACES
(Lena)— A neck which la rather thin
and Ions need occasion no anxiety If
you will study your mirror and adopt
only such modes as are best suited to
your style and needs. Necklaces ar«
a positive blessing to the -woman or
swan-like throat, enabling her to In
dulge in low or round neck waists and
yet preserve a dainty completion wher«
most needed. The fad for bead neck
laces of all kinds Is a>rretty idea which
as yet shows no signs of abatement.
Gold beads are given first choice, al
though the revival of coral has brought
forward a strong rival. Coral Is strung
either with a clasp of gold or. beads of
gold and coral are strcn? alternately.
Turquoise, 'pearl and Ions cold link*
net with real or mock gems are popular
In prices and Qualities to suit ail
purses. All manner of art nonveau de
signs are shown, but If you cara for
THE - SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MME. YALE'S
Almond Blossom
COMPLEXION
CREAM
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
MADE
Cleanses, softens, purifies,
whitens end beautifies the
skin. Soap and water only
cleanse superficially.
lime. TaJe Bavs: A UttI* Almond
Blotsotu Coaiplezlon Cream should
be applied every time tlia face
asfi k&nds are wached. It removes
tfce Cnzt, coct, srrlae. sant and
cmviCzt from the Interstices of
the sfcin and :uaiec the sarfac*
exoctn as velvet.
A daily necessity at home and
abroad: a treasure when traveling
by land and water, or when on an
outing of any kind, and particu-
larly prized zt a seaside or moun-
tain resort Protects the skin
from cutting winds, burning rays
of ihe sun and every injurious ef-
fect of the elements. Prevents
ayd cures abnormal redness of
the nose or any part of the face,
and tliat^ purplish hue due to ex-
posure to cold, also chapping,
chafing, cold sores, fever blisters
and ail irritation of the skin. It
is the greatest k:to-.vn specific for
burns: takes the fire out more
quickly than anything else,
soothes, heals and prevents scars
and suppuration. Indispensable
for use of infants and every mem-
ber of the household. An exqui-
site natural beautifier. A grateful
application after shaving. Excel-
lent for massajre purposes. Now
in two sizes. Mme. Yale's Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream is
now sold in tv?o sfees by
OWLDRUGCO.
(Both Stores)
1128 Market Street
80-82 Geary Street
At special price of 40c and 80cSo here's to the success of the league,
the members of which, by the way, ara
the following:
Theodore Langguth. Chronicle: I*.
Maynard Dlxon, Sunset; Gordon Ross,
Chronicle: R. Thomson, Call; Haig
Patigan, Town Talk;.Bert,A. Igoe, Ex
aminer; \V. L. Cook, Call; V. Nahl. Ex
aminer; J. Kahler, Bulletin; W. Frau
ds; Call: -Laura E. Foster, Bulletin: J.
A". Cahill. Call; Adonica Fulton, Bul
letin; F. "W*. Small, Chronicle; Charles
F. Miller. Chronicle: F. V. Smith, Ex
aminer; .Frank Todhunter, Chronicle:
L. C. Pedler, Chronicle; Oscar M. Bryn,
Call; . S. .Armstrong. Call; . R, G. Rus
som, Call;' C. S. Donnelly. Examiner;
H. N. Bunker, Chronicle: W. A. Coul
ter.' Call: R. O. Yardley, Chronicle: G.
A. BronPtrup. Call: Merle Johnson,
Examiner: C. W. Rohrhand, Call; A.
.Mcthfessel. .Sunset; .Dan C. Sweeney,
Examiner; Harrv Warren. Call; "Wil
liam Stevens, Examiner; Ralph Spring
er, Examiner; H. G. Peter.* Bulletin; C.
D. Pitchfoid, Sunset; S. Schuhl, Call;
Charles Schultz, Bulletin: G. Winemil
ler, Sunset.
paper readers and art enthusiasts In
general the really splendid and high
ciass work that can be accomplished by
these hard worked newspaper artists
when they take a brace and knuckls
down. Incidentally lovers of fine work
will have amplo opportunity to buy.
Last year the' league received such
encouragement that they decided to
follow in the footsteps of the Eastern
artists and hold an annual exhibition
of their work, both for competitive ana
practical purposes, and so well hav«
they paved the way that the prover
bial stumbling block, whose chief duty
in life Is to annoy and disturb genius,
is absolutely non est. . ¦
and yet there is a degree of art In it
that Is little short of wonderful. In
fact, he realizes that if he would get
recognition of his work he must put a
certain amount of excellence of execu
tion in It and that It must have the
idea behlnd^lt.
It may be. all well enough and good
to amuse the fickle public a minute or
so daily, but this is not the ambition
of the newspaper illustrator. Nine out
of ten ..aspire to magazine and book
work and when that step has been
achieved they long and dream of the
day when the wolf can be kept away
and the * larder supplied by the skill
of the brush and not the pen. This,
forsooth, is one^ reason why he tries
his hand at a little of. everything-^pen
and pencil, wash,; water colors and oil3,
first one and then another, to see which
medium is best adapted fof his own
particular style of "work.
And so it is that the everyday light
ning artist is slowly but surely work
ing his way to prominence in his chosen
profession. -Almost in the dark, as it
were. for,, while he is experimenting
and gaining, the world sees his hurried
sketches of dally, happenings and gives
his ability scarcely more than a pass
ing thought. ¦'....'.. ..-.'..
It.' is rush, rush, rush,'* in a daily pa
per, with the men ana women of the
artroom above all; other departments.
There Is no time to sit and dream and
plan. And artists can't live on aspira
tions and day ; dreams. . And ' so .it Js
just because the best work- of artists
whose names are familiar to all news
paper readers cannot of ( hecessity ap
pear in the j papers they work for that
the league has baen formed for the pur
pose of bringing to ; the notice of news-
THE newspaper artists are to the
fore again and seem unusually
pleased ¦with themselves for be
ing there. And the reason for all
their glory is just this. Beginning on
the eleventh day of October they vir
tually own the Maple Room of the Pal
ace — and incidentally everything that
is in it. For, be it known to the unin*
itiated. their second art exhibition will
be opened with the flourishing of trum
pets, and every man Jack in the length
and breadth of this city who follows
the difficult row of newspaper or mag
azine illustrations will be represented.
And well represented, too, for he has
put forth his best work and has han
dled subjects of every description and
worked in every "medium," from pen
and ink to oils.
Last year a league was formed, for
the hard-working everyday illustra
tors wanted to prove to the public in
general and themselves in particular
that they were capable of doing some
thing better than fifteen-minute
sketches, turned' out under hard pres
sure, because another "two or three
column" was waiting for them. They
wanted to prove that there was plenty
of ability and skill behind them, and
they did It beyond their fondest homes.
Nowhere else in the world does the
newspaper man hold the unique posi
tion that he does in America. He can
not be a dreamer and work by fits and
¦tarts, according to inspirations, or else
he will suddenly wake up to find him-:
self on the ragged edge of nowhere.
Unless he is up to snuff he is out in the
cold. He must of necessity be versatile,
quick-witted and well read, or he will
be forced to earn his bread and butter
by the sweat of his brow and -not by
the force of his pen. Unless he can
take his dally assignments and. turn
out- a finished product with remarkable
rapidity, he is hopelessly behind the
times and a back number.
• And 'what is his reward?' The pro
duct of his skill and brain lives for a
day and then is j lost From first to
last his work*is done under pressure
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIX.
THE NEWSPAPER -ARTISTS' EXHIBIT> These, are Uie TWENTY BEAUTIFUL? BOOKS from which 7011 may choose if you solve all the pua
.ties correctly:;^ - ¦'] • " ¦ r '¦ /¦•. ''-¦¦"¦ : '" u -^~^:' ; / '¦' i . ¦ "•; -?v' ..¦•¦ . . . .;¦* ¦
Treasure Island, by Stevenson; Tales From Shakespeare, Jby^ Charie-s Lamb; Cranford, by Gaskell; Dog
of Flanders, by Oiiida; Emerson's Essays; Gulliver's Travels, >y' Swift ;'. Imitation'-* of Christ;- LitUo Lamo
Prince, by Mulock; Master of Ballantrae, by Stevenson; Two Years Before the Mast, by, Dana; Paul and
Vh^hiia, by -Saint Pierre; Pilgrim's Progress, by Bunyan; Plain Tales Prom the Hills, by Kiplins; Phantom
Rickshaw, by KlpUng; Longfellow's Poems; Abbe >Constantin, byHalevy; Paradise Lost, by Milton; Black
Rock, by Connor; Beautiful Joe, by Saunders; Ten Gems From Kipling. - . ;.
.'tiii'A ¦¦¦ . \VelI, "children, Uiosti^puzzles. lately, lja\;c been prelty hard, and no mistake, bjit 'there are better times
¦•r coming," and to-day J the Puzzle 'Editor givcsiyou something. to try your' knowledge on. There are represented'
V here of 'eight different provisidns-that are l'oiuid "in- every "grocery under the sun. Every one ol,
. tliem is BomctliLiig you go after 'yourself ;«irtl so they really- ought riot' to* give 'you' any real trouble.
, f • »i^t is, the plan^of the P.uzzle Editor, 1 by keeping one set^pf books a sufficient t time, to enable children'
{.who are. workers- to collect a small library^* The books are tastefully bound and make attractive displays' on
r book- shelves. secured^ne"ailythe entire list and write to say how proud they are of them.
*-J33&t. Is^'ivhat^e^jpuzzlc .'Editor : -wbuld* like »you -'all to say. ¦ You can't tvi u too often, so get your heads to
j getlier, .npw.'over^these'grocerie.-*. ' * ' ; * ¦¦ "^ ¦*•' ¦ '" - .^ ' '-_—¦¦, .-.,'. . , ,•
K&i ' .; DON'T 'FORGET TIIE GALLERY OF" HONOR, 'and if you'are reasonably sure that yon are a winner
sendiin your" picture, bnt don't seifil>iii ' pictures^br'proofs^that are. un toned, for » they will fade as
won its exposed to 'the sun. Writpjjyour n^tinc and add,i*ess plainly on the back, of eadii^photograph.
THERE AllE ONE IIUXDKED iVA'JD^FU'TY PRIZES, and this is.wliat you must do to win one of
¦them: -' '¦: -. •"'. ' l - ,¦•-;.; :'¦//; .' - V^VV' V ;.- ; :' ;j ':-; v .; " ; . ;.'• ' :• r ' ;_ "V'' -.".¦ ;' ; .' y
¦ Fuid the names of provisions on this page and write them out in the space opposite the proper corre
sponding; numbers provided for the purpose in the coupon ''on 'this page, as per directions; fill in the cou
<pbn«wlth your name and address and tlie prize you ¦desire— rif-you win— and send the coupon to tlie 1£D1~
TOR OP THE NAME PUZZLE >PAGE, Siipdiy Call,^^ San CaL : ' ' •
• ' REMEMBER-^-To tlib FIR^T ONE liUXDRED AND %)^EY BOYS AND GIRLS who solve the clffht
puzzles' correctly, 7 one of 'these t)NE;.H\lNr>RE"D"VAND Fli^YvBEAUTIl^UTj PRIZES will be awn: *cd.
.And d6n't "forget^ this next pointj because \ i£ is v^ry important: ALL ANSWERS MUST REACH THIS
OFFICE BY vMUDAY;N00N% /Tlds glyes.aMl those |;in»,Uie^coui\try an equal chance to ' compete. Read
- everythmg oir tliis page.to ''bc{sur«*tliati>-0ti;.ovcrlqpk in'otliijcfe'tthae^wlll help yoaito win a prize.
. NAMES OP THE , LUei^AVlNNERS \V1!LI**BE PUBLISHED IN THE ' SUNDAY CALL TWO
%§: Fpi- Those who imupjKi liPISiiWi®8
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEE K
Allister street, San Francisco;. Hubert
Soher, 1337 .McAllister street. Sao
Francisco; Norma Soher, 1357 McAl
lister street, San Francisco; Bernice
Sheets, 629 North Hunter street,
Stockton; Laura Traeger, Los Ange-
les; Rudolph Trautner. 2540 McAllis
ter street; San Francisco; Katie Tay
lor, 858 Castro, street. Oakland; :May
Taylor, 858 Castro .\ street/- Oakhtnd:
Emma Tubba, 1224 York street, San
Francisco; Hazel Wagner. Alameda;
norate' .. vv uiung, uis jonea ¦» street,
San .. Francisco; Margaret WiUlams,
Alameda: Lillian Woods, 1508 Frank
lin street, San Francisco: Mildred
Wallenstein, 22 Elliot Park, >|5an
Francisco.
Adolph Anderson, Tl'O Brannaa
street. San Francisco; Ruth Anderson.
1€£5 Eddy street. San Francisco; Lloyd
Anderson. 16l'3 Eddy street. San Fran
cIfco; Charlie Atwood. 2512 McAllister
etreet. San Francisco; Elinor Brown.
San Rafael; Leta Berrifsford, Sacra
mento; Margaret Boyer, 1106 Willow
street, Oakland; Bessie Boyer, 1106
Willow street, Oakland; E. M. Brobst.
Fclsom; Gilbert Brierley, Agn«w;
Ralph Brown. 873 Church street. San
Francisco; Robb Brown, 875 Church
street, San Francisco; Bessie Benham,
709 Shrader street, San Francisco;
Miriam Best, 1030 East Sixteenth
•street. Oakland; Alice Beck<y, 534
Castro street. San Francisco; Hermine
Bolsselier, 511 Waller street, San
Francisco; Harold Buttner, Port Costa;
Ernestine Biedermann, Bush
etreet. San Francisco; Irene Behlmer,
12S5 Pacific street, San Francisco; E.
Bert, 332 Michigan etreet, San Fran
c:feco; Ha Id Benson, 1214 York street,
San Francisco; Sydney Biederman, 439
Austin avenue. San Francisco; Lillian
Benson. 123 East Eleventh street, Oak-
Icrd; Edmund Bennor, 125 East
Eleventh street. Oakland; E. Costello.
£20 Tehama street, San Francisco;
Doyd Cobbledick. 1061 Fourth avenue.
Oakland; L. T. Coombs, Agnew; Henrv
Delaney, 1714 Clay street, San Fran
cisco; Benn'e Dailey, i^oe Franklin
street, San Francisco; Mae Detrick,
1709 Eddy street, San Francisco; G.
BomergTje, San Rafael; Fred Eskridge.
1686 Eighth street, Oakland; Ida Esk
ridge, 1USS Eighth street. Oakland;
Fred Egilbert, Chlco; Marjorie
Fairgrieve, 102CB Shotwell street.
San Francisco; Freda Faude!
2329 McAllister street. San Fran
ci&co; Edith Frazier. Sacramento;
Charlie Faude, 2529 McAllister street;
Henaldo Frank. 707 Shrader street,
San Francisco; Eva, Gibbons, 1321
Sacramento street. San Francisco;
George Gefken. 678 Grove street. San
Francisco; Harold Greenman. 3970
Howe street. Oakland; Gladys Hewitt.
Santa Cruz; Johanna Hademann. 2529
McAllister street, San Francisco; Irene
Hirshneld. 2343 Pine street, San Fran
cisco; Phrona Hinton, Berkeley; Hen
ry Heckmann. 504 Howard street. San
Francisco; Olive Johnson. San Rafael;
Gladys Johnson. Santa Cruz; Harry
Johnson. Santa Cruz; Adele Johnson.
San Rafael; Helen Jonas. 524 Ellig
street. San Francisco; Elmer Johnson.
407 Hayes street. San Francisco; Ar
thur Kocgel. 9G Cumberland street.
San Fra.nci3co; Frank Kitson. 99
Cumberland street. San Francisco;
Ella Kenny. Bcnicia; Alice Klenpfej.
Elmhurst; James Levinson. 88 Cum
berland street. San Francisco; .Albert I
Levinson. SS Cumberland street, San'
Francisco; Chester Levinson, 88 Cum
berland street, San Francisco; Harry
levinson, S3 Cumberland street. San
Francisco; Rosie Luvisi. 1203 Pierce
etreet. San Francisco; Belle Little 86
11th street. Oakland; Ella Minor San
Rafael; IV. Matthes. SC2 Castro street.
Oakland; Nea.1 McGettiaran, 823 Fell
street. Sin Francisco; Percy McGuire,
SOS Treat avenue. San Francisco;
Charles .McGuire, 903, Treat avenue,
San Francisco; John Murray. San
Quentjn; Charles Mengel. oil Waller
street. S.in Francisco; R. W. Mastick
in* Jon.es street, San Francisco; Ma
bel Morrison. '1324' Filbert street, Oak
land; Violet March, Stockton; Edna
MeCoujjhlin, Sacramento; Lillian Mc-
Burnie i Alameda; Frank Maker,
2314 Webster street. San Fran
cisco; j Hilda Macdonald. 852
Castro -street, Oakland: Chester
Xaumnn, Alameda; Dorothy Orpin.
3 24, Fourth avenue, San l Francisco;
Francis Orpin, 124 Fourth avenue.
San Francisco; H. C; Otten, Berkeley;
Johannes Peterson. San Rafael; Eve
lyn Peterson, San Rafael; Hiram Pra
ther,- Suisun; Hilda Peterson, 3520
TR-enty-first street, San Francisco; B.
Parker, 156 Tehama street. San Fran
cisco; W. Robinson." 823 Ashbnry
street. San Francisco; Charles Robin
eon, £25 Ashbury street, San Fran
cisco;. V.- Rademacher, 1355, McAllii
t»r?street, San Francisco; Ida Sander
*qn. K8A Trem6nt street; San.Fran
cigco; Elmer Short, 153S Forty-elgrhVri
avenue, San Francisco; Mildred Smith,
C32 Turk street. San Francisco: Kath
ryn Slevin. 1096 Treat avenue. . San
Frvtncisco: Edna Schulte. Alameda;
Edln Khav.\ San Quentin; Lena Sam
my, 1D07 Buchanan street. .San Frail-
cbgj Dorothy Se^eleke, 1507 Buchan
an ?trcel. Ann Francisco; Harry »e-
Keleke. 1507 Buchanan street. San
Francisco; Lorraine Soher. 1357 Mc-
T1ESE are the names of the lucky
prize wieners in the military
term puzzles in the Sunday Call
of September 25:
These Are
the Lucky
113 Prise
Winners
in the puzzle
Contest
September 25
THE SAN -FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
NAME PUZZLES
i Solve the Puzzles, j
I Fill Out the Coupon :
; and Send It to \
I the Puzzle Editor, \
Sunday Call, S. F. j
To Pnxzle Editor, Sunday Can. ;
San Francisco: i
Below In their prope* nxuxv*
ben pleas« find my solution of
the names of Tiro visions la *ht«
week's puzzles*
,4
1 ••-"~ H
L.. : j
\
<
4
1 1
>
I 5
: 6 •:
! 7 •••••,•• :
; 8 * •«••*....!;•
4 October 9, 1904. !;!
Name 3
Street or P. O. .......' ]
- * ,S
' \
If I win I chooss forprizt* \
(See List of PrbesJ «Plan to Honor Zola's Memory.
PARIS, Oct. 8. — A movement has
been started to have the body of
Emlle Zola placed In the Pantheon.
The movement took definite form Oc
tober 2, the anniversary of bis death,
-when a demonstration was made at hla
tomb la the cemetery, at Montmartro.
tlon. Crooks received the rudiments of
his education In a workhouse school,
but while he Is not- as eloquent or
rhetorical a speaker as the^'Uncrowned
King of Battersea;" as 'Burns is com
mencing to be called, he is listened to
with respect and patience In the House
of Commons. Carnegie makes a su
preme effort to ., be present in the gal
lery of the House whenever it is known
that either Crooks or. Burns .is going
to speak on any important subject.
It is known that Passmore Edwards,
the capitalist who shares with Carne
gie the . distinction of getting rid of
his surplus ; wealth . by ] the creation • of
public ; libraries, . offered .to pay John
Burns $2000 a year.? to'. defray his?ex
penses in Parliament- Carnegie ap
proached Crooks with , tne same object
when he won Woolwich for the Liber
als. Both offers -were refused because
both men .preferred to , be free -to act
independently. : ¦• . '•,¦¦¦
"Workhouse children in .the Poplar dls-
trict, where Will Crooks resides, are
also an object of Carnegie's attention.
Appeals to him are unnecessary during
the summer months when he knows
that these destitute youngsters want a
day in the country. The children of
poor parents in the same district are
also provided with excursions into some
of the picturesque parts of Surrey and
Essex, and a substantial portion of the
expense defrayed by Carnegie. The or
ganizers of such treats, however, are
under strict' Injunctions to keen Car
negie's name out of the list of contrib
utors. . In this quiet and unostenta
tious way Carnegie disposes, of thou-'
sands of dollars yearly- throughout
poor districts In England and Scotland.
When - it is suggested to him that his
name should appear in the list of sub
scribers he explains that, he desires
to be- Identified only with the creation
of j public i libraries and the • promotion
of; education generally. . , .
fleers are suspended in all cases when
the latter are killed.
Wife of Russian Lieutenant Colonel
Makes a Pathetic Appeal to
the Public.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 8.— The
following letter, published In the press
to-day from the widow of an officer
killed at Liaoyang, illustrates the
present position of many Russian
families. The writer Is Mme. Nadlne
Ryndine, residing at Kieff. She says:
"My husband, a lieutenant colonel
commanding the Tenth Siberian Ri
fles, was killed at Liaoyang. I have
ceased to receive any pay. I have sev
en children to support and am now
•without means whatever.
"My misfortune began long before
this. Compelled to make a hasty de
parture from Port Arthur, I had to
abandon my property there. What
little I took away disappeared on the
railway Journey and I got none of it
back.
"I have remained silent . all this
time, but now fate has deprived me
of my dear husband and I have decid
ed to speak out. ; My - position la ex-
Van Wyck Angers^ Londoners.
LONDON, Oct. 8. — Ex-Mayor Van
Wyck of New York, who sailed on the
Baltic, rubbed, Londoners the wrong
way by an interview he gave out be
fore his departure, in which he com
pared London with Berlin to the dis
advantage of the former. London, he
said, had been standing still for a
score of years. It had no parks, no
pleasures beyond eating, drfnklng and
theater going. Many sarcastic com
ments have been made on the New
Yorker's pronouncement, and Van
Wyck is urged to open his eyes when
he next comes to the British metrop
olis. Judgingby the nettled , tone of
the newspaper comments, however,
Van Wyck would seem to -have
touched the raw. ¦¦' .
| DEAD NOVELIST AND TWO OF THE WOMEN FIGHTING FOR HIS ESTATE. |
WHEN OFFICER IS KILLED
HIS FAMILY MUST SUFFER
British Scientists Say That Loud
Speakers Scatter Millions of
Germs fn Atmosphere.
LONDON, Oct. 8.— A new terror has
been added to the public life of the
average politician who finds the effort
of addressing his constituents a tire
some performance. Now It Is learned
on no less an authority than that of the
medical department of the local gov
ernment board that he may not only
bore himself and his audience, but that
he may prove the medium of dissem
inating Infection.
"As the outcome of varied and re
peated experiments," says Dr. Mersyn
Gordon of the local government board,
"it has been well substantiated that not
only in the act of coughing and sneez
ing, but also In the act of loud speak
ing, fine droplets of mucus are sprayed
from the mouth to the air, that they
float in the air and that they may be
wafted by air currents such as obtain
in ordinary rooms to a distance that
appears at first sight almost Incredi
ble."
"Micro-organisms," said a London
medical officer of health in confirmation
of Gordon's statement, "abound In the
respiratory passages and the mouth.
They remain there so long as they are
undisturbed, but are driven out In the
midst of the spray which is emitted in
the act of coughing, sneezing, singing
or loud speaking.
"Public orators, preachers and other
people who speak forcibly send out mil
lions of these organisms."
NEW PERIL DISCOVERED
CV OASIPAIGN ORATORY
bought Crafton House from Sir Ernest
Cassel and that it will be the scene of
the future King's turf operations.
Those who are in a position to know
something of the conditions of the
Prince's banking account do not hesi
tate to sav that he could not at the
moment buy a rabbit hutch, much less
a luxurious mansion and racing stables.
It is not long since it was publicly
stated that the Prince had had to sup
plement his Income In order to be able
to maintain Marlborough House, his
official residence. Sir Edward Cassel
is as generous where royalty is con
cerned as Baron de Hirsch was in his
best days, so there can be no danger of
early disaster to the Prince's turf un
dertakings.
Chroniclers of King Edward's move
ments during his present visit to Mar
ienbad have failed to notice the extra
precautions that are being taken \ to
secure his personal safety. The har
rassing of anarchists in London and in
England generally has so exasperated
the "comrades" abroad that his Maj
esty's advisers deemed it advisable to
undertake methods of protection which
had not hitherto been adopted during
any of the King's Continental trips.
The resignation of former Superinten
dent Melville as the head of the de
partment of the police service charged
with the safety of the sovereign is rec
ognized as a misfortune by the King's
advisers because that officer's knowl
edge of the ways of the Continental
anarchist was unique. His successor,
Mr. Quln, is an officer of wide experi
ence of the same class of criminals,
but he has not been able to strike so
much terror Into the hearts of the
"comrades" as Melville. Hence It is
that extra precautions are now neces
sary. The protecting guard on the
present occasion Is doubled and it is
noted as somewhat remarkable that
from the chief downward the majority
of the detectives in waiting on his
Majesty are Irishmen. With the as
sistance of a number of men supplied
locally, all roads and railway stations
leading to Marienbad are carefully
patrolled, while Chief Superintendent
Quin keeps his eye on his royal charge
constantly during the day and at night
two detectives well armed stand out
side his Majesty's bedroom. Until re-"
cently King Edward discouraged these
elaborate precautionary measures and
even now he makes no attempt to con
ceal the feeling that they are a mixed
blessing to him. The late Queen Vic
toria knew that she was one of the
most popular sovereigns in Europe, but
that feeling never prevented her from
making the most elaborate demands
upon Scotland Yard for her personal
safety and protection. AH the smartest
men had to be at her beck and call and
it was not .to the advantag-e of the
, chief if any of his nen were guilty of
the slightest dereliction of duty. Al
though it is considered a mark of honor
.to be recommended for the duty of pro
tecting the sovereign It was a distinc
tion not altogether relished by the men
Kha - watched: over . Queen .Victoria, -
grave another wreath which bore the
words, "Rosa from Bella." Later the
first wife's relatives reached the ceme
tery to place their floral offerings on
the tomb. They indignantly tore up
both of the wreaths that they found
there and sent the fragments to Jo
kai's home.
Jokai paid another visit to the ceme
tery and placed another wreath on his
wife's grave, but her rnfuriated rela
tives again destroyed it- Then Jokai
started legal proceedings against them
jind sought to rally public opinion to
his side by denouncing their conduct
in the press. But popular feeling, tak
little heed of the legal questions in
volved in the unseemly quarrel, unmis
takably proclaimed itself against him.
He was no longer the nation's idol.
Of late friends of the family have
been making strenuous efforts to bring
about a reconcilliation between Frau
Feszthy and Jokai's widow. There were
strong hoDes th*t these would be suc
cessful and that the details of Jokai's
family life might not be revealed in law
courts and published to the world.
Such hopes, however, are now almost
entirely dissipated through the ver
dict of the Jury impaneled to investi
gate the charges made by Frau Jokai
that the Feszthy family had behaved
badly toward Jokai ana consequently
had been disinherited. The jury found
that these charges were not proved
and they added further that they were
satisfied from the evidence laid before
them that the conduct of Frau Fesz
thy and her husband toward Jokal
had been uniformly correct and proper.
Jokai's widow is said to have taken
this defeat very badly and there is
little chance at present that any peace
ful compromise will be reached. The
Budapest courts will probably have to
decide the whole affair finally.
LONDON. Oct. 8.— The Countess of
Orford, formerly Louise Corbin of New
York, has gone with her husband, the
Earl, to fish in Norway, and society is
hoping that she will return cured of tho
illness from which she has suffered re
cently. The malady of the Countess'
has been the cause of no small social
embarrassment. She has seemed un
able to get enough sleep— often dozing:
through the whole day as well as the
night. On one occasion recently, when
she and the Earl were to give a dinner
party — one of the smart affairs for
which they have been noted— the guests
were kept waiting until, at 8:30, the
Earl had to confess to their guests that
his wife was still sleeping and that ho
did not like to rouse her. But the awk
wardness did not finish then, as the
Earl went on to ask If they would all
mind waiting at least until 8:45, as no
one but his wife knew how many guests
had been invited or at what time they
were expected to come to dinner. Non©
of the servants had the slightest ink
ling as to the number expected and had
laid for twenty. Sixteen people, how
ever, turned, up, and after a trying de
lay "the guests and host proceded to this
dining-room, there to enjoy the dinner
party without the presence of their
hostess.
The Earl and Countess have taken
with them to Norway their little daugh.
ter, the Hon. Dorothy Walpole, and
the child owes It to her parents to be
come devoted to the rod, for the latter
are great disciples of Izaak Walton.
As a matter of fact, this sport holds
for them a far more romantic Interest
than it does for its'general devotees, as
it was while fishing in Scotland that
they first met.
The former Miss Louise Corbin was,
of course, the daughter of the American
railway magnate, and when she first
knew her husband he had not succeeded
to the earldom of Orford and was only
known as the Hon. Robert Horace Wal
pole. It was in 18S3 that Miss Corbin
became the Countess of Crford, and
soon after her marriage she and her
husband went oft to Florida tarpon
fishing off the coast, and it was during
this trip that Lord Orford got one of
the biggest tarpon ever taken. It
weighed 183 pounds. Lady Orford was
almost as successful as her husband,
for she returned having broken the
ladies' record in tarpon fishing.
The Orfords are a very old and his
toric family, the first Earl having been
none other than Sir Horace Walpole,
the great parliamentarian. The present
Earl of Orford began life in the navy,
but he did not rise above the rank of
sub-lieutenant, and in these latter days
the Norfolk militia has claimed all his
Interest.
Yankee Girl Who Mar
ried an Earl a Vic
tim of Odd Disease
BUDAPEST, Oct. 8.— Maurus Jokai's
estate Is the object of a very inter
esting family quarreL On the one
side stands the youthful widow of the
great Hungarian novelist, who is in
possession of the property; on the other
eide is Jokai's adopted daughter, who
is older than the widow, and who finds
herself disinherited. The contest over
the will has already begun in the courts
and the Budapest gossips are look
ing forward to some new revelations of
the domestic life of the great author.
Jckal married for the second time, at
the age of 75, an actress. Bells Weiss,
who was more than fifty-five years his
Junior, being only 19 at the time. He
had no children of his own, but had
adopted a daughter, who is now the
wife of a r>ai nter named Arpad Feszthy.
The new wife and Frau Feszthy soon
quarreled and the latter found herself
a very unwelcome guest at the Jokai
home. The marriage took place in
1893, and after that time Jokai's daugh
ter saw but little of him.
When Jokai's will was opened it was
found that he had left everything to
his wife and completely disinherited
Frau Feszthy, the document stating
that ample provision had been made for
her during his lifetime. Frau Feszthy
has filed a protest agrainst the will,
alleging; that Jokai was not his own
master at the time the will was made.
VALUE OF THE ESTATE.
Perhaps the most interesting point in
the case is the question as to the value
of the estate. The widow insists that
the poet died actually in debt, while
the daughter asscrtp tfri&. .is-ahsulutc
nonsense, and that the estate is worth
nearly a million kronen ($200,000). The
rstate was inventoried by a court
notary, who seems to have accepted
unhesitatingly all the widow's state
ments, ignoring the daughter's protests.
According to the latter's statement,
only a few articles of furniture were
put in the schedule. Valuable collec
tions of curios and pictures were not
mentioned, neither were the publishing
rights of the deceased, which Frau
Frszthy asserts have fifty years to run
and are worth at least half a million
kronen ($100,000). Among the pictures
was an oil painting by the famous Rus
sian war artist, Vereschtschagin, who
met with such a tragic end in the war
in the Far East. This picture was
dedicated to Jokai and bears the in
scription in the painter's own hand
writing. "To Monsieur Jokai." Its
value is put in the inventory at a few
kronen only. Jokai's country villa at
Fchwabcnberg. with a large park, is
put down at $1200, whereas Frau
FfEzthy declares it is worth over $20,-
Of'O.
Jokai's widow makes a vigorous an
pwor to these charges and attacks Frau
Feszthy very bitterly, threatening her
with Fomo unpleasant revelations as to
her treatment of her father.
The official notary's inventory of the
estate show? an indebtedness of $8000,
$5400 of which is due to Jokai's pub
lishers. Frau Feszthy's lawyers de
manded that a new inventory should
be made, hut this the court has refused,
so that the widow hits won the first
round in the contest.
MAIUUES .TEIVISII ACTRESS.
Jokai's first wife had been dead four
teen years when he married Mile. Belle
Weiss, an actress attached to the Na
tional Theater in Budapest, whose ac
quaintance he made at the rehearsal
of one of his plays. The courtship was
a brief one, for the aped author proved
an ardent wooer, but the disparity in
the ages of the couple exposed them to
much ridicule. It was this which led
Jokal to publish a defense of marriage
between old men and young women in
reneral, and of his own marriage in
particular.
The relatives of his first wife, of
whom he had written after her decease,
"She was the angel of salvation nvho
rescued me from exile and death, the
F.harer of all my sorrows, the pride of
my life." declared that it was an in
sult to her memory. The fact that his
youthful bride was an obscure actress
caused the marriage to be regarded
with strong disapprobation fn the high
social circles in which the great man
had long been a welcome guest, and
¦when it was discovered that she was
also a Jewess the anti-Semitic feeling,
which Is so strong- In Hungary, was
aroused against him. In consequence
he fell into disfavor, not only with the
court and aristocracy, but 'also with
the Magyar students, who had formerly
been his most enthusiastic admirers,
and the ever fickle public generally. No
longer did he receive invitations to ex
clusive court functions. When at other
gatherings he chanced to meet mem
bers of the imperial family, in place of
the warm greetings which he had been
accustomed to receive at their hands
he was treated with cold formality.
Many old friends ostentatiously ignored
him. Among those who remained true
to him not a few refused to receive his
wife, but the proud old man refused to
accept Invitations in which she was not
included.
RELATIVES INDIGNANT.
It was oo the occasion of the first
KEEPS GUESTS
WAITING HOURS
LONDON, Oct. 8.— There are two la
bor members of the House of Commons
in whom Andrew Carnegie takes a spe->
clal interest. These are John Burns,
the pugnacious and satirical represent
ative of Battersea, and "Will" Crooks,
who caused a sensation some time ago
by capturing a Conservative strong
bold in the military depot of Woolwich.
Carnegie is fond of saying when either
man is discussed that Burns and
Crooks are brilliant examples of tri
umphant democracy. A" press cutting
agency has strict injunction not to
miss a word either man says in or out
of Parliament when he is delivering
himself on subjects of public impor
tance.
Of the two men Crooks is the greater
object of the Lord of Skibo's admlra-
Adopted Daughter
Would Break
His Will.
Countess of _ Orford
Seeks Cure of Em
barrassing Malady
Youthful Widow of
Tokai Fighting
Relatives.
LONDON, Oct. 8. — Those who know
the relations, public and private, that
existed betwen King Edward and the
late Baron de Hirsch are not surprised
that the Prince of Wales Is going to
start his racing career from the gener
ous millionaire's old house on Newmar
ket Heath. It ought to be sacred
ground to the heir apparent, for within
its luxurious walls many a little racing
matter and gamble was discussed by
the Baron and the present King* when
the latter could not command tha
wealth he can at present. If these same
walls could speak they could tell tales
of many a check drawn by the Baron
to satisfy royal racing deficiencies and
accounts, but the. good man was gen
erous to many outside royal circles and
if he showed extra consideration for
his most intimate friend, the Prince,
as Edward was then, it mattered not to
persons who were- pressing for settle
ment of racing accounts. It Is new
stated that the Prince of Wales has
anniversary of his first wife's death
after his second marriage that he was
made to feel the full measure of the
odium he had Incurred by wedding a
third rate Jewish actress. As had
been his custom on each anniversary
of his first wife's death Jokai drove to
the cemetery where she was burled to
pay a tribute to her memory. He de
posited on her grave a wreath which
bore the inscription, "Rosa, from her
ever-loving and ever-sorrowing hus
band, Maurus." His young wife, whom
he had taken with him, placed on the
tremely hard to bear. Grief at my
loss Is increased by my complete in
security. Whom am I to appeal to?
I am unknown. My husband had been
all the time with the regiment in the
mountain service, being "with those
keeping back Kuroki's army. There
have been scarcely any newspaper
dispatches about this force, -which,
however, devotedly performed its role,
and now having lost its hero the fam
ily begs that it should not be deprived
of what blood their father .merited."
Inquiries have established the fact
that all payments to families of of-
FALLS ASLEEP
WHENEVER SHE
IS LEFT ALONE
Prince of Wales to Make
His Debut as Racing Man
CARNEGIE'S
IDEALS OF
DEMOCRACY
Bitter Contest Is Being Waged Over Estate Left
by Great Hungarian Novelist.
EVENTS IN EUROPE OF INTEREST TO MEN AND WOMEN OP THE NEW WORLD
Pages 17 to 24
.. . J.
Pages 17 to 24
4 - »
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1904.
Millionaire Interested
in English Labor
Leaders.
Burns and Crooks
Gain Respect of'
Laird of Skibo.Order Eastern Star.
On the evening of the last Wednes
day in September Starr King Chapter
It was Sequoia Parlor's night last
week, when the Native Sons* literary
and social committee gave Its enter
tainment and dance In the Native Sons'
Hall. There was a very large attend
ance and the programme of entertain
ment made up of vaudeville numbers
and a sketch entitled "The Burglar,"
was a Very entertaining one, that was
generously applauded. After the pro
gramme there was dancing, and that
Native Sons.
Seven Pines Circle No. 3, Ladies of
the Grand Army, having taken new
quarters in the Red Men's building on
Golden Gate avenue had a house
warming a few . evenings since.
There were short addresses to a large
crowd of members and friends, a mu
sical programme and a grab bag, fish
pond and dancing. This was conducted
under the direction of the social com
mittee for ' the evening, ' composed .of
Mrs. S. A. Watkins, Mrs. LJllie Berry
and M. Houston.
Seven Pines Circle.
The social recently given by San
Francisco Hive of the Ladies of the
Maccabees for the entertainment of the
children of the members was a very
pleasant affair which was greatly en
joyed, not only by the little ones but
by the adults. The programme of
music, songs and recitations was by the
following named little ones: Gladya
Fletcher. Hartley Russell, Gladys Box
ton, Elsie Percival. Gladys Bernard.
Dorris Gould. "Baby" Mildred, George
McLaughlin, Margaret Duggan, Anita
Douglass, Leonore Peters. Lillian
Sreslze, and at the close the children
all joined in singing the American
"Marseillaise."
Great Commander S. W. Hall has
been quite busy of late visiting the
tents In the northern part of the State
and those In the middle section, there
explaining" the legislation had at the
recent session of the Supreme Tent and
explaining away the statements that
are being circulated broadcast to the
membership of the order by the enemies
thereof.
Dr. J. C. Hanchette, formerly of Salt
Lake, will take up his residence in this
city for the purpose of taking charge
of the sick benefit department of the
order in the jurisdiction of the Great
Camp of California.
The Maccabees.
Court San Jose Is making arrange
ments for the initiation of a class of
fifty candidates in a short time.
Court Golden Era will give a ball on
the evening of October 12 in celebration
of its fifteenth anniversary.
Supreme Sub-Chief Companion Mrs.
Lizzie Atwood paid a visit to James G.
Blaine Circle last week and was given
a grand reception. During the evening
she delivered an interesting address on
Grand Chief Ranger Foley paid an
official visit last week to Court de
France and was well received by the
membership and a large number of vis
itors.
Court Robin Hood No. 1 will celebrate
its thirtieth anniversary on Decem
ber 21. .
The Past Chief Rangers' Association
has appointed a committee to revise the
constitution.
William Buenneman has been in
stalled as financial secretary of Court
El Dorado, vice Charles Magnus, re
signed
Court Point Reyes was instituted at
Point Reyes by Grand Secretary Cordy
and other grand officers with a good
charter list. This court was organized
by J. P. Maestretti, past chief ranger
of Court San Jose, and William South
wick of Court Miguelito. A. Martella is
the recording secretary of the new .or
ganization.
The smoker given by Court James G.
Blaine last week was well attended and
was a very enjoyable affair. During the
evening there was a visit from the t Past
Chief Rangers' Association.
Foresters of America.
The Royal Achates having been
forced to move from the Pythian
Castle has secured Mutual Hall In the
Shlels building for a meeting place, for
the first and third Wednesday in each
month. At the last held meeting W. N.
Dingle was elected vice president to
fill a vacancy. It has been decided
that the first meeting • night in the
month shall be for business purposes
alone and the second one shall be de
voted to social features.
Royal Achates.
A very large number of the members
of Excelsior Lodge of the Ancient Or
der of Workmen, of those of Silver
Spray Lodge of the Degree of Honor,
and a number of friends of both, en
joyed a very pleasant evening in Ex
celsior Hall on the night of the last
Wednesday in September in celebration
ol the silver anniversary Of the first
named lodge. James McQueen, master
workman, was the chairman of the
evening, and under his direction the
following programme of entertainment
was carried out in a most successful
manner:
Overture, Mrs. Precy. Opening re
marks. "Excelsior Lodge." Sam Booth,
grand receiver. Barytone solo, Frank
J. Booth. Address, D- S. Hirshberg, D.
G. M. W. Trio, piano, cello and violin,
Mrs. Precy, C. G. Herrick and Fred
Brunner. French horn solo, Miss Ethel
Grazer. Remarks, C. T. Spencer, grand
recorder A. O. U. W. Duet (original),
Linda G. Malloy of Silver Spray and
Sam Booth of Excelsior, A. Q. U. W.
During the evening there was pre
sented to Grand Receiver Booth, a
member of Excelsior Lodge, a beauti
ful silver tray, appropriately inscribed
in token of appreciation of services to
the lodge for a .quarter of a century.
The delightful affair was under the su
pervision of the following named:
Committee of arrangements— For Ex
celsior. Lodge. James McQueen, master
workman; C. G. Herrick. P. M. W.;
Howard Morrison, P. M. W.; Sam
Booth, P. G. M. W. For Silver Spray
Lodge— Ethel Hallett, chief of honor;
Linda G. Malloy, P- C. H.; Josie Pot
ter. Committee on Entertainment— C.
G. Herrick (chairman), Howard Morri
son; Samuel Booth. Reception commit
tee—Mary Coffey.P. C. H.; Nona Paise,
Minnie Cull. Floor committee—Mich
ael Coffey, C. G. Herrick, Howard
Morrison.
Forget-Me-Not Lodge of the Degree
of Honor will hare "a night in Dixie"
in its lodgeroom in the Bed Men's
building on the night of Saturday, Oct
ober 15. ,
There was a large gathering of mem-
Ancient Order Workmen.
Oro Fino Parlor No. 9 of the Native
Daughters at its meeting October 1 cel-
Flag day in accordance with the
circular sent to all the parlors in rela
tion to that matter by Grand President
Ella E. Caminetti. This was after the
initiation in a most creditable manner
of Mme. Dr. Mahoney into the myste
ries of the order. The programme for
the evening was: Patriotic selections on
the piano, by Rebekah Kemp Van Ee
of Alta Parlor; a stirring address "To
the Flag." by District Deputy Grand
President Frances M. Edwards; "The
Star-Spangled Banner." sung by Mrs.
Minnie Kalloch; remarks on "Flag
Day," by Grand Secretary Laura J.
Frakes, who told of the work of Past
President Stella Finkeldey in securing
a history of the flag movement In the
order and of the efforts that have been
made to save the Stars and Stripes
from desecration. She also announced
that that history, chronologically ar
ranged, in which each one who has
raised her voice or used her pen in ven
eration of Old Glory is given due credit.
President Dolly Bradley presided dur
ing the programme and acquitted her
self In that charming manner for which
she is noted. The evening closed with a
social hour, the sen-ing of ice cream
and cakes and the singing of a patriotic
air.
Calaveras Parlor gave an entertain
ment and dance last week in Native
Sons' Hall. Under the supervision of
Mrs. Alicia Nunan. Mrs. George Struss,
Misses VIctorine Noble, Jennie Ohlrich,
Lucle Reinieke. Elonora Garms. Agnes
McVerry, Leah Wrede. Tillie Schimpf.
Sophie Gusinghes, Sophie Struss and
Grace Fleck there was a programme of
pleasing numbers made up of the fol
lowing: Monologue. Mae Frank Keefe;
vocal selections, Richard Hunt; fancy
dance, little Flora Deitrick; a few mo-'
ments with Silvey Newman, and vocal
solo, Fred Giannlni. Dancing for two
hours followed the rendition of the sev
eral numbers.
Orinda Parlor will have a private ob
servance of Flag day in its meeting
place on October 13.
Alta Parlor on the night of the first
Saturday In October observed Flag day
by a programme of patriotic numbers,
prose and song. This parlor will be of
ficially visited on the 15th inst.
On October 16 the members of La
Vespero Parlor will visit the Alms
house and there provide an afternoon
of entertainment for the Inmates.
Grand President Caminetti will pay
tn offilal visit to Fremont Parlor.
On the night of October 13 Gabrielle
Native Daughters.
Silver Spray Lodge and Alta Lodge
of the A. O. U. W. have .arranged for
a joint social in Mangels' Hall.
A new lodge* of the A. O. U. W. will
be instituted at Point Richmond on
October 15, on which occasion there
will be an A. O. TJ. W. excursion from
this city to Point Richmond.
On October 19 Santa Rosa Lodge will
hold a public meeting, which is to be
followed by a banquet.
On October 25 there is to be a joint
meeting of the lodges of Newman and
Crows Landing at Newman, which
will be Addressed by the grand re
corder.
The grand master and the grand re
corder will visit Bakersfield shortly, on
the occasion of the dedication of a new
hall by the Workmen of that place.
Silver Spray Lodge of the D. of H.
had a pleasant party in Excelsior Hall
on the night of October 4. A feature
of the evening was a grab bag, which
was patronized until it was emptied
of its contents. Then dancing fol
lowed.
bers of Magnolia Lodge No. 41, A. O.
U. W., of Forget-Me-Not Lodge of the
Degree of Honor and of strangers at
the reception given on the night of
October 2 to Grand Master Workman
Charles H. Dunton, in honor of the
thirty-sixth anniversary of the foun
dation of the Ancient Order of United
Workmen. The members of Magnolia
permitted the ladies to conduct the
entertainment for the evening. Mrs.
Sadie Spencer was mistress of cere
monies, assisted by Dr. Blanche San
born and Mrs. M. Bain of Forget-Me-
Not Lodge, and M. L. Stern, J. Bow
man and D. H. Dexter of Magnolia
Lodge. There was a piano solo by Miss
Langham and introductory remarks by
Grand Recorder Spencer, who present
ed the grand master to the audience.
The grand master made a lengthy
speech in which he urged the member
ship of the order to remain loyal. Miss
McMasters entertained with vocal se
lections, accompanied on the piano by
Miss Shaylor; Miss Olive Pearl Miller
gave a very pleasing recitation; the
California quartet gave vocal selec
tions; Deputy Grand Master D. S.
•Hirschberg spoke at some length, on
the "Degree of Honor"; Gladys Lamb
favored with a violin solo; this was fol
lowed by a sketch, "He Lost to Win,"
in which the characters were assumed
by Ethel Farley, Olive Pearl Miller,
Eugene B. Cohn and William Loan;
vocal selections by M. Rennereck and
funnyisms by the Dutch comedians.
The evening closed with the serving of
refreshments, ice cream and cake.
the order in the United States and told
of the prospects for the future. On
October 10 Mrs. Atwood will visit Bay
City Circle.
Lawton Circle will have a social on
the night of October 19.
Mrs. H. Davis of Martha Washing
ton Circle, one of the trustees, who is
on the committee of arrangements for
the ball to be given by this circle Octo
ber 19, is a very active* worker, not only
for her own circle, but for the order at
large. She is a true fraternal woman
who never neglects an opportunity to
do good.
At the session of the supreme body
there was a great deal of legislation,
which included a change in the con
stitution of the supreme, grand and
subordinate groves of the Grand
Circle, the adoption of a past arch
degree for those who go to grand
groves, the increase of representation
in the supreme body, the adoption of
regalia for officers of grand circles and
granting supreme officers vote as well
as voice in the supreme body.
Grand Secretary James F. Martlnonl
of the Grand Grove of California of
the United Ancient Order of Druids
has returned to this city from the ses
sion of the Supreme Grove of the order
and has brought to the State the honor
of having been chosen supreme arch
for the next two years. The new head
of the order is one of the most ener
getic Druids California has ever had
and in view of his past record it Is be
lieved by all who know him that he
will put enthusiasm into the order and
make as good a record in his new po
sition as he did when he was noble
grand arch of the State of California.
Druidism.
SOME OF THE WORKERS IN THE FRATERNITIES.
Bertha Somers, general organizer for
the Women of Woodcraft in San Fran
cisco, has started a campaign for in
crease of membership, which la being:
conducted with the assistance of a
committee composed of five members
from each of the San Francisco Circles.
The Grand Circle has offered prizes to
the circles that by the first of next
year shall make the best numerical
showing. Redwood Circle expects to
get away with the first prize, a beauti
ful banner. There is to be a grand
ban on the 13th Inst, given by all the
circles of this city, which will be di
rected by a committee of which Mrs.
A. F. McMahon is the chairman.
Golden Gate Circle No. 355,. VT. O. W.,
will give an entertainment and necktie
party in the banquet hall of the Odd
Fellows' building on the night of Oc
tober 26. A very pleasing programme
will be offered to all who shall attend
and after the programme there will be
dancing.
The general committee of the Fra
ternal Mortgage Campaign Committee
paid a visit last week to Tamalpaia
Camp. Sergrant Perrin presided and
the speakers were W. C. Krumm, gen
eral organizer; L. Vincent, chairman of
the committee; J. McCann of the sitting
camp, who, during the evening, was
presented a carved Woodman emblem;
Consul Commander Holder of Rich
mond Camp; Judge Frank H. Kerri
gan of the sitting camp; David Oliver
Jr., editor of the Pacific Woodman, and
several others. Lee Craw entertained
with a recitation. Frank Mackel with
vocal selections and then there was
the presentation of an onyx paper
weight to Chairman Laurance Vin
cent.
Later In the week the committee paid
a visit to Pathfinder Camp and this
week the committee will visit Temple
and Old Friends camps.
Woodcraft.
of the Order of the Eastern Star gave
its third anniversary entertainment and
dance in Golden Gate HalL There was
a good attendance of the membership
and others who during the early part of
the evening were entertained with the
following programme: Dance, Miss Ma
bel McNorton; song. Miss Helene Neil
sen; string trio. Misses Ethel and Ger
trude Cavot and Glsela'Wehser; song,
Miss Lenora Goodman; recitation. Miss
Blanche Bebe; vocal duet. Miss F. H.
Perkins and W. F. Davis, accompanist
R. A. Lucchesi; dance, "La Mexicana,"
Baby Jasmine; vocal solo, Miss Zena
Rlpperdan. • .
Then followed a well arranged set of
dances. All this under the direction of
the following named: Floor manager,
I. Green, assisted by I. B. Schantz, Os
car Hickie, Hiram Wright, Max Cohn,
Arnold Glaser, Harry Moore and Clar
ence Hunt; reception* committee — Em
ma E. Goodman (chairman), Dora A.
Wright. Zelda Glaser, Sarah David,
Sarah Cohn, Mary Keller, Jennie Cohn,
Kathryn Moore. Carrie Vanatta, Ade
laide Hickie, Helena Cohen, Mabel
Watkins, Kathryn Libby, Rebecca Co
hen, Jennie Tanner and Lenora Good
man; committee of arrangements — I. L.
David (chairman), I. Goodman. H.
Mayer. Adelaide Hickie, Zelda Glaser,
Kathryn Moore and Jennie Cohen.
of the council. A case of fine writing
paper was presented to the great
prophetess, Minnie Betts, and a gold
mounted fountain pen to Mrs. F. E.
Coots, the keeper of wampum of the
council, for the preliminary work she
had done in the organization of the
new subordinate.
One of the most active members of
Pocahontas Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas is Mrs. Lizzie Kemnitzer,
the Pocahontas, who, since she has
filled her station has not only used her
best endeavor to advance the interest
of the council, but has done much to
bring the standard of the adoption
team to- the highest standard possible.
She expects before the close of her term
to attain that possibility.
The picnic in aid'of the board of re
lief of the Improved Order of Red Men,
which was to- have been given at Fair
fax Park, but which had to be post
poned on account of rain, will be held
to-day.
Potomac Council, Degree of Pocahon
tas, had an at home last week in its
tepee in Red Men's building, when there
was a short programme of entertain
ment and dancing, which was had un
der the direction of Mattie Mack (chair
man), Mrs. H. H. Dilges. Nettie
Libbing, Mildred Hawthorne and Min
nie Andrews. The affair, a quiet little
"at home," was greatly enjoyed by the
members and the Invited guests.
Onelda Council of the Degree of Poca
hontas, at its last held meeting, pre
sented through Captain George Das
tague to Past Pocahontas Hattie Beach
a costly regalia of her rank in the
order in recognition of her energetic
work for that subordinate. This coun
cil is perfecting its drill team and in
a short time expects to have it one of
the best in this part of the reservation,
Manzanita's team excepted. This coun
cil is making arrangements for its fifth
anniversary and dance to be given in
Union Square Hall on the night of Oc
tober 26. The proceeds of this enter
tainment will be for the sick benefit
fund of the council.
Walla Walla Tribe of the Improved
Order of Red Men will, with the assist
ance of Kahweah Council of the Degree
of Pocahonlas, give a masquerade ball
In Native Sons' Hall on the evening
of Saturday, the 22d inst.
Bald Eagle Tribe will have a grand
masquerade ball in Native Sons' Hall
on tho night of October 29. The grand
march will be started at 9 p. m. ftnd
"Home Sweet Home" will be played at
6 o'clock the following morning.
Manchester Unity.
Loyal Golden Gate Lodge of the In
dependent Order of Qdd Fellows (Man
chester Unity) has been making rapid
progress during the past term, during
which Charles A. Roberts filled the
chair of noble grand. The lodge is
working hard to increase its member
ship to 500 and it does not propose to
halt until that number is attained. At
the close of the present term Mr. Rob
erts will become the. grand master of
the lodge, this in recognition of his
faithful work for the subordinate.
. All arrangements have been com
pleted for the grand ball to be given in
Saratoga Hall on the night of October
12 in celebration of the fourteenth an
niversary of the founding of the order
in this State.
Calumet Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas, organized by Dr. Charles
M. Troppmann of Calumet Tribe, was
instituted last week in the Red Men's
building with a charter membership of
127. the largest number with which a
council in this reservation has been in
stituted. The institution was by the
great Pocahontas, assisted by the other
great chiefs. The work of adopting the
palefaces was by the team of Manzan
ita Council and, while the team did not
have the electrical effects and other ac
cessories used in its own tepee, the
work was letter perfect and what was
lost by the inability to introduce the
side features was made up by the In
troduction of additional floor work, in
troduced by Drill Master George
Wheeler. During the evening Organizer
Troppmann, commenting on the work
of the team of which Mrs. Emma Rice
is the Pocahontas, said:
"I had heard a great deal about the
beautiful work by Manzanita's team,
but was under the impression that it
was more talk than reality, but after
what I have seen to-night I must say
that I take oft my hat to the members
of the team and if they did not create
a most profound impression on the
members of Calumet Council, I must
say that such members are not im
pressionable. My only hope is that the
team we Bhall organize in this council,
Calumet, may be able to do" as well as
has done Manzanita's team, better no
team can do. In the name of the baby
council, I thank Manzanita's team for
its assistance and good work and add
my mite to all the good things that
have been said about Manzanlta."
The adoption was followed by the
election of the chiefs who are to con
trol the council. Mrs. Emma D. Ralph,
a well known member of Keith Parlor
of the Native Daughters, was elected
Pocahontas; Miss May bell Troppmann
wag elected prophetess, and Alice Gray
keeper of records. These and the other
elected and appointed chiefs were then
installed, after which there was the
presentation of a miniature "grand
father" clock to the great Pocahontas
and one to the great Minnehaha for the
interest they, took in the - organization
Improved Red Men.
One of the bright members of WInona
Parlor of Arcata is Miss Margaret C.
Richards, who has attracted much at
tention by the sweet fraternal spirit
she has manifested in the subordinate
in which she holds her membership.
Keith Parlor has arranged for a fine
patriotic entertainment for Flag day on
October 10.
The first official visit of the term by
Grand President Mrs. Ella E. Carai
netti to a parlor of the order was to
Minerva Parlor No. 2 last week. She
was accompanied by Grand Secretary
Laura J. Frakes, Grand Trustee Anna
F. Lacy and Grand Sentinel Agnes Mc-
Very. The hall was beautifully decor
ated with many American flags in
honor of Flag day. The color scheme in
the other decorations was red, symbolic
of the true sisterly love that exists in
that parlor. During the business ses
sion there was a demonstration of the
business methods, balloting and then
an exemplification of the ritualistic
work, all of which came in for a great
deal of praise. The programme was
made up of "America" sung by all pres
ent, an address to the flag by Minnie
Wells, "Patriotic Address" by Lena
Wilson, president of the parlor; "My
Native Land" by the members; "The
Old Flag," Anderson; "Star Spangled
Banner" sung by all present. The offi
cial march, known as the "Karoline
March," adopted at the session of the
grand parlor at Pacific Grove, was
played for the first time in a San Fran
cisco parlor, Lena Wall being the or
ganist. During the evening the parlor
presented to the grand president as a
souvenir of the occasion a beautiful
Native Daughter emblematic pin, dia
mond set. After the close of the parlor
there were addresses by the grand
president, District Deputy Grand Presi
dent Lucia Neubarth, the grand sec
retary. Past Grand President Keith,
Past Grand President Mrs. Mary E.
Tillman, Grand Trustee Anna F. Lacy,
Miss Mulhern of Alta Parlor, Gabrielle
Cress, Miss Magner of Sans Souci Par
lor, President Griffith of La Vespero
Parlor and E. C. Stock and others. The
parlor served ice cream and cakes.
Sans Scmci Parlor will give an enter
tainment and dance in Golden Gate hall
on the evening of October 31.
Oro Fino Parlor will have a theater
party at the Majestic, November 8.
Fremont Parlor, Native Daughters of
the Golden West, will observe Flag day
at its meeting October 10. when a pat
riotic programme befitting the day will
be presented under the direction of the
following members of the committee of
arrangements: Miss G. Luce, H. Col
lins, M. Toomey, F. Colleton and May
Scheper.
i
Parlor will have an extensive Flag day
celebration in Elks' Hall.
Amram. the new encampment recent
ly organized at West Oakland, Is re
ported as doing: exceedingly well.
Stanly A. Smith, grand patriarch,
has issued a strong circular to the
subordinate encampments of the state.
There were about 180 members of the
order and ladies present In the lodge
room of Unity Lodge last week on the
occasion of the celebration of the sev
entieth anniversary of the birth of Past
Grand Master W. H. Barnes and the
forty-ninth anniversary of his member
ship in Odd Fellowship. There was a
good programme of musical and liter
ary numbers and a Jolly good time all
around. J. F. Crosett presided. Fea
tures of the programme were a skit In
verse on the Odd Fellows' parade, read
by General E. H. Black, a few words
by W. H. Barnes and a piano recital
by Mabel Kronmlller.
Apollo Lodge will pay a fraternal
visit to Loyal Rebekah Lodge October
10.
Last week a woman called on the
secretary of Templar Lodge and stated
that some years ago she forced her hus
band to take a withdrawal card out of
that lodge, because she did not think
much of it. But that after she had
seen the membership of that subor
dinate in the parade of Odd Fellows
she had changed her mind and was de
termined that her husband should re
instate himself. She then asked how
much it would coat to reinstate him
and she was informed that it would be
$105. She simply remarked that that
w'as pretty steep, but she supposed that
was her punishment for having forced
her husband to leave the lodge.
Jubilee Lodge will have an at home
in its lodge room on Tuesday next un
der the direction of Gertrude J. Perry,
Minnie F. Dobbin and W. J. Aspey.
Grand Master Linscott announces
visits as follows to the subordinate
lodges in the places named: Octr>btr
10 to North Bloomfield; 11, Nevada
City; 12, Rough and Ready; 13, Grass
Valley; 14. Camptonvllle; 15, North San
Juan; 17. Smartsville: IS Wheatland;
19, Pleasant Grove; 20. Marysville; 21.
Meridan; 22, Corning; 24, Paskenta; 23.
Red Bluff; 26. Chico; 27, Biggs; 28, Odd
Fellows' Home at Thermalito; 20. Cher
okee; 31, Oroville; November 1, Brown
ville and 2. Yuba City.
The executive committee that had
charge of the celebration during Sov
ereign Grand Lodge week Is winding up
Its affairs, and the indications are that
after all expenses are paid there will
be a surplus.
Deputy Grand Patriarch M. Stlnch
field is organizing a. new encampment
at Willows.
The Odd Fellows.
"P. D. Code, commander."
The drill corps of this cc-mmandery
will resume practice drills in the first
week of November.
"GOLDEN GATE COMMANDERY.
"Dear Mrs. Firth— At a meeting held
by Golden Gate Commandery on the
evening of September 9 it was unani
mously resolved that we express to
you, and through you to your several
cc-mmittees. our appreciation of the
work done by yourself and said com
mittees during the conclave.
"It was further resolved that the
ladies of Golden Gate Commandery
were the best in the State of California,
not only in their ability to entertain,
but also their ability to carry on and
successfully accomplish anything that
they undertake in the interest of Gold
en Gate Commar.dery. We hope you
will receive this in the spirit in which
it is tendered and remain, sincerely
yours.
On the occasion of the reception ten-
Jered Captain R. P. Hurlbut, com
manding the driil corps of California
Commandery No. I. at -which there
were present James W. Anderson,
George Armstrong, Percy L. Burr. Wil
liam Blackwell. James H. Bennett,
Harry H. Brann. George W. Brown,
Wiiliam Crocker, Samuel A. Clarke,
William F. Cordes. Max Claussenius,
Walter C. Campbell, William Conrad,
William F. Chipman, Henry L. Day,
C. W. Dobie, James C. Everding,
George E. Erlin, P. F. Ferguson,
Charles G. Gebhardt. Joseph H. Gold
man, Ralph L. Hathorn, Oscar P.
Hicks. George Habenicht, T. L. Hen
derson, Julius F. Hetty, George E.
Howe. F. W. Koenig. R. H. Lloyd, Dr.
James W. Likens, James F. Larkin, M.
J. Lindsay, Albert G. Lang. J. G. Lie
bold. John S. Mills, Warren E. Mur
ray, Thomas Morton, John H. Mentz.
B. M. McLaughlin, Thttrtow S. Miller,
John C. Moore. A. R. Morrow. J. D.
McGilvray Jr., George F. Neal, Ed
ward V. Pasquale, Charles M. Plum.
George H. Pippy. William Pierce. Al
bert E. Pierce. Stanley J. Prior, Rich
ard L. Radke. Frank C. Sykes, C. B.
Sloan. Samuel M. Shortridge. M. J.
Savage. Charles C. Stallman, W. M. A.
Pchreiber. Frank Thompson. J. G. Ter
rill, John Tonningsen, Robert R. Vail.
O. F. Westphal. Andrew Wilke and
Frank Zak, Captain Hurlbut, in re
pponding to a presentation speech made
by Richard L. Radke. in giving a wine
cooler, said that within two months
California Commandery's mounted drill
corps will receive an Invitation from
King Edward VII of England to attend
the session of the Grand Priory of Eng
land next year. He said that the corps
can make arrangements to start from
this city for the East, stop at various
large cities and then reach New York
in time to take a steamer for England
and appear before the grand body.
Then the pilgrimage could, and no
doubt will, be extended to Palestine
"We shall." said the captain, "go there
in full uniform and regalia and it will
be the first time that an organization
of Knights Templar, so attired, will
have visited the Holy Land. I want
the members of the corps to make ar
rangements for this great event and
be ready to start on time."
Golden Gate Commandery at its
meeting last Monday balloted upon
two applications. This commandery
has sent a letter in the following words
to Mrs. J. K. Firth, who during the
recent conclave was chairman of the
ladies* committee of Golden Gate Com
mandery:
was kept up until midnight. The
function was up to the standard of
those given by the association, and
that standard is first class.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9; 1004.
18
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMBORELLI PICTURE, ABOUT WHICH ARTISTS DIFFER.
The Savage Grand Opera Company,
which was founded in Boston nine
years ago and will be heard in San
Francisco* for the first time next Feb
ruary, has given more than four thou
sand performances.
Sousa and Harry B. Smith are to col
laborate upon a new light opera for
production next season. Sousa's last
operatic work was "Chris and the Won
derful Lamp."
A feature of the musical season will
be the return to this country of Georg
Henschel, who will lecture on "Per
sonal Recollections" of Johannes
Brahms.. Mr. Henschel will also be
connected with the New York College
of Music during his stay In America.
Anton Hekking, the Dutch 'cellist,
who is to make his debut in New York
Decembers with the Philharmonic So
ciety, is being prodigally advertised. A
European authority - recently, said of
SOME OF THE PIECES
NOW BEING TRIED OX
EASTERN AUDIENCES
THOUGH with something of a rep
utation as a sinner, San Fran
cisco can honestly face the
world as Innocent of the charge
of provincialism — that is, in its
relation to local art and its artist-folk.
Laurels there are in plenty — and
from our own front gardens — for Cali
fornia halfbacks, pugilists and pitch
ers, but for California artists — bah!
Where are they? Who are they?
Ah! There is the thing. Who are
they? Well, it's taking the East and
the Old World countries to tell us,
while we're doing the Josh Whitcomb
trick "of yest a-keepin' still, so's not
ter show our ign'rance." And thus
are we withholding from our own
people — the poets, who tell the world
with their brushes of our hills, our
flowers and our sunsets — the sweet
stimulus of kindly recognition. Yes,
and more — the eloquent praise of pur
chase, which is, in truth, the basis of
exaltation in art, for how can an
artist-chap be glad when his creditors
are mad? That's the part the world
can do for art — buy it. And that's the
part that Westerners can do for the
vigor of Western art — buy it. But if
you can't, then "boost" it.
Very soon, one of the most exquisite
canvases ever done by Thaddeus
Welch, "Early Morning In Marin," will
leave California for the East, a so
journing: Gothamlte the purchaser. His
amazement, by the way, was large at
the thought of Its being permitted to
stray from home. May such visitors
who really appreciate — and buy — come
often and stay long. As it is by the
wind that the seeds of blossoms are
dropped in barren places, so it is with
every wanderer who carries away a
worthy California picture; it sows a
seed of reverence for the art that Cali
fornia knows.
Herewith is a bit of gossip: j± i oca i
th« 11th In the maple room of the
Palace.
Last- year the exhibit was a famous
success. Double the success Is ex
pected this year, as the exhibit will
be larger and more painstaking. Suc
cess to the driven pen!
Ada Romer Shawhan from her
roof garden studio is doing some
dainty little bits, four of her pictures
now being shown in Kennedy's.
The Saturday afternoons at home of
many of the artists are coming to be
delightful features of San Francisco
social life. And more of it would
bring artist and art lover together on
a more understandable plan, and the
thing is possible — and even probable.
through the mails announcing that the
Annual Fall Exhibition at Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art would open No
vember 17 and continue until December
8. But that wasn't the worst It said
it decreed that every bit of canvas or
of bristol board should be In the di
rectors' hands not later than November
5. Oh, and then the heart aches! But
artists must work and artists must
weep.
'Tis said that handsome Charles
Dlckman is about to desert Monterey—
where during the summer he has been
a picturesque figure in his English
tweeds and tan top boots — and has se
cured a studio in town, not many miles
from the Bohemian Club, whence
much inspiration sprlngeth. But what's
Monterey without Dlckman?
Water colorists, next week will bring
a collection of R. B. Nesbet's famous
pictures — all of the great Scot's native
heath. 'Tls said that the breath of
the heather hovers about them, and
the soft blue air of the Highlands.
Vickery's will show them.
At the. same gallery Helen Hyde will
show her latest work in Japan, begin
ning October 20. Miss Hyde is now in
Tokio, where she Is taking a breath
after a long busy spell.
Behold, another American recogni
tion beyond our doors of two Califor
nia men — Charles Rollo Peters and
Frank McComas; for be it known that
they ! were . two of the four artists In
the United States invited to compete
for a prize picture by the Carnegie
gallery , of - Pittsburg.
Arthur -Matthews is intently pre
paring < the way for an exhibit to be
held i some time around Christmastide.
,. . The, Newspaper Artists' League Is
about to show what clever things busy
chaps can, do, their exhibit : opening , on
him: "His American tour will be an
event in the annals of 'cello playing in
America. It will be playing the like of
which the country has never heard."
Maybe, but we liked Pablo Casal's like
pretty well when he was here. How
ever, bring on your Hekking, Mr.
Wolfsohn.
Wagenhals and Kemper's spectacular
production of Flaubert's "Salammbo."
In which Frederic Warde and Kathryn
KIdder are now appearing in the
Northwest, is one of the dramatic at
tractions to which our theatergoers
may look forward In the near future.
Edwin Emery, long a light of the
Central and the Alcazar theaters here,
has turned playwright. His play, "The
Prince Imperial," Is said to have been
successfully presented at the Savoy
Theater, Atlantic City, a week or so
ago.
David Warfleld's new play. "The
Music Master," by Mr. Klein, has just
been successfully produced at the Be
lasco Theater, New York. The leading
character is a radical departure from
Warfleld's previous adventures and his
personal triumph therein has eclipsed
all former ones.
W. H. Crane last week produced 1«
New York "Business Is Business." th«
Octave Mirbeau play that Henry Mil
ler designed to give us here this season,
with a succes d'estime. Its compulsion
to think is alleged as a reason for its
further problematic success on the
American stage. Mr. Crane's assump
tion of the part of the money-mad
Lechat has aroused genuine respect,
though not a wholesome admiration.
Maxine Elliott Is preparing for hei
Pacific Coast tour in "Her Own Way/
The star has achieved a wonderful sue*
cess in this piece and will bring It here
before many weeks will have passed.
art dealer, and one standing well
up in the commercial phase of art,
confessed frankly to me yesterday
that he could not carry much of local
art — just a few acknowledged men and
women enjoying his favor now and
then. "But," said he, "this condition
Is not of my making. The demand
of our patrons is for work from
abroad. If local work— that of it which
is g-ood — could be popularized locally,
then It would give me great pleasure
to exploit it. But business precedeth
sentiment, madam," said he senten
tiously, which speech revealed the
whole tale of art — woe in the West —
lack of demand.
That famous Borelll picture, "The
Widow," whose star of destiny didn't
lead it into the Park Museum— and
more's the pity— is on exhibition in
Schussler's. Go to see It, if you can
feel the woe that swamps a creature
of poverty, bereft of friend and hus
band, and even tears-
Silently meditating on a settle In
her gray stone hut "The Widow"
sits beside a puny fire, a herring in
the ashes, forgotten in the dumb ache
of her woes.
That face standing out against the
gray stone wall bears in every line
the story Borelll ' would; tell. And "the
hands do the rest— those gnarled and
sinewy hands are clasped in repres
sion, whose fingers until now knew no
idleness. .
The dignity of sorrow here expressed,
the tearless anguish of irreparable
grief, bespeak the picture to be a chap
ter oft repeated, in the simple annals
of the poor. But see. the picture!
"The Widow," about which local ar
tists have disagreed as to its tech
nique, belongs to George Kahn, who
picked it up In an art exhibit in Italy
— in Naples, . I believe, the . home city
•of the poet-painter.
",¦ A , great spurt is on - now. among; the
art-folk 7 in - pursuance of a notice sent
CALIFORNIA STANDS UNACCUSED OF PATRONIZING HER ART.
By Laura Bride Powers
Wooded Areas of Europe.
The percentage of the wooded areas
of European countries, as compared
with their total areas, is as follows:
Finland. 51.2; Sweden, 43.3; Russia.
40.4: Austria. 32.6; Luxemburg. 23.1;
Hungary, 27.7; Germany. 26.1; Servla,
24.9; Turkey. 23.4: Norway, tZ: Rouma
nla and Switzerland. 21.4 each: Bulga
ria, 20.8. The other European countries
have less than 20 per cent of woodland.
England has the smallest wooded area,
3.6 per cent.
Even the Ben Greet players are join
ing in the laugh that is going up from
the theaters this week. They are to give
the Shakespearean comedies, "Much
Ado About Nothing" and "Twelfth
Night." No Shakespeare lover » could
afford to miss the- latter, with only Con
stance Crawley's charming Viola. But
there is Mr. Greet's most admirable
Malvolio, and with Thursday, Friday
and Saturday evenings and a Friday
matinee to see it. "Much Ado About
Nothing" in the Greet edition is new
here. Mr. Greet essays Benedick and
Miss Crawley Beatrice. The comedy
will be played on Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday evenings and at the Wed
nesday and Saturday matinees.
To-morrow oveninf? the new Alcazar
stock company will make its first bow,
always an event of strong interest in
local dramatic circles. Extraordinary
effort has been made by the manage
ment to secure the right new people,
and the old favorites are almost all
SOME SHAKESPEAREAN'
COMEDIES ARE TO BE
PRESENTED THIS WEEK.
HIckey & Nelson, who caught the town
two years ago, and who headline this
week's bill with a sketch called "Twist
ed and Tangled."
Ted E. Box takes his whistling up
to the Chutes this week from the Or
pheum- It is really funny.
There Is a small girl for whom her
friends claim an extraordinary voice
and exceptional pianistic faculty going
to make her appearance at Steinway
Hall next week in both capacities. Her
name is Gertrude Fleming, and she has
just reached the mature age of 11
years. Gertrude's concert is set for the
ISth.
• • a
Charles Richman has been engaged
by Sam S. Shubert to play leading roles
with Miss Ada Rehan in her tour.
Herbert Kelcey and Effie Shannon
won a distinctive success with their
production of "Taps" at the Lyric
Theater, New York, last week.
Arrangements have just been com
pleted in New York City by which
"The Runaways," a musical extrava
ganza which ran for seven months at
the famous Casino Theater, will make
a tour of the Pacific Coast the coming
season.
retained. The first piece is "Lord and
Lady Algy."
This afternoon the Grand Opera
house joins the merry round of musical
comedy with "The Burgomaster," one
of the Plxley and Luder efforts. Oscar
L. Fieman, brother of Max Figman, so
well known through his association
with Mrs. Fiske, leads the company.
As the next best thing to musical
comedy the Majestic will to-night
present "The Japanese Nightingale," a
play by the well-known Japanese au
thoress, Onoto Watanna.
• * *
"The Office Boy." with Daniels the
inimitable, is crowding the Columbia
this v.eek. There is every reason why
it should.
The same may be said of "The Ten
derfoot" at the California, with Phil
H. Ryley and company. The theater
is holding all it can.
"Down the Line" is doing well at
Fischer's.
"She." from the weird Rider Hag
gard story, will furnish mystery and
adventure at the Central this week.
Orpheum patrons will be glad to see
ed is Josef Hofmann, that I had been
talking with one of the world artists.
out through the jesting eyes, "you can
express the sensation that is produced
upon you by the hearing of water,
never the actual sound of water."
"Not by a sort of musical onomato
poeia?"
Began then a discussion of the rela
tive values of form and matter in
poetry. The thought before the form
always, the pianist believes.
"This I mean," he afterward reverted
— "that you cannot in music paint the
definite thing. Say you wish to picture
a grotesquely clothed figure dancing
into a room. You cannot. But you can,
in musical language, express the sensa
tions that such a figure Induces in you.
To try to do more is to misunderstand
the functions of music. It is like some
musicians who shake long hair over an
appassionata — 'this is tragic,' drips over
their brows. But this is acting. He is
an actor. The musician is born to speak
through his fingers."
I laughed to remember the Chopinzee,
as Huneker has dubbed De Pachmann,
nodding and winking and elbowing his
delight over rare phrases to his audi
ence. I said: "Some people call that
kind of thing temperament."
"And some," said Mr. Hofmann ,
knocking off a long ash end from his
cigarette, "call it a fake."
I remembered only as I left, so com
pletely unassuming, so rarely modest,
so simply friendly, boyish and unaffect-
CLEVER YOUNG PIANIST, WHO SPENDS LEISURE HIS MUSIC LEAVES HIM INVENTING AUTO MACHINERY.
To-morrow evening the Tivoll will
produce for the first time in America
"Der Rastelblnder," (the mousetrap
peddler), a comic opera by Franz Le
har that has achieved notable success
In Vienna and in several German cities.
A hasty glance over th? piano score
shows the opera delightfully promising
on its musical side. Whether Lehar
Is German or Austrian I do not know.
Distinctly Hungarian is the music in
part, and again it contains landler-like
movements, the fellows to which any
German street will give you. The com
poser is particularly happy in one or
two waltz songs, and there Is a
duet in mazurka time for tenor and
barytone that will slide into the local
whistle like macaroni into the devout
Italian's. And it Is going to take sins
ing. One half of it 1 Know will be
sung. Kate Condon will sing it. Miss
Condon will tako th» part of Mllosch
(the barytone), a casting that has not
before been attempted. By the way— •
but I hate to tell. Still, 'twere best.
This will be Miss Condon's last appear
ance before leaving for the East- where
she is under contract to star. Though
one would by no means wish to stand
In the singer's way, one regrets deeply
the necessity for her departure. She
will be more missed than any contralto
the Tlvoli has had for many years, her
beauty being by no means the least of
her charm. I think, however, that Mlsa
Condon would be the first to subscribe
to the fact that her Tlvoli days have
done much for her- She has sained
notably in humor and sprlghtliness. It
will be well for her to forget, however,
the little habit of forcing her lower
notes. In which— possibly for the humor
of the part — she has indulged herself In
"The Serenade."
But Miss Condon will be certain of
the warmest of welcomes on her return.
In starry or any other capacity. Which
reminds that it is to be hoped the East
will not be stealing the little Frltzi
Scheff of the Tivoli. Dora de Ftlllppe.
The other half of the long-ago-men
tioned duet will be done by Thomas H.
Persse, here before with the Southwell
Opera Company. Why not Andrew Bo
gart? Because Mr. Bogart has run
away. Success notwithstanding, the
tenor-barytone has decided that comic
opera Is too, too much. Mr. Persse is
very favorably remembered. He plays
Tanku.
As to the rest of the music. It is
bright throughout, tuneful, unpreten
tious and original. Some choruses for
children are a feature.
At the Saturday Morning Club In
Sacramento, where they do many fine
things unsuspected by their metropoli
tan neighbor, a recital that promised to
be noteworthy was yesterday given by
a Boston tenor, Wilhelm Heinrich. How
the recital went I have not yet heard.
Mr. H. Bretherick, organist of the
First Unitarian Church, sends me
the following interesting facts con
cerning: the singer, who may spend
some little time in our midst.
Mr. Frledrich is the tenor in Dr.
Everett Hale's church in Boston,
and was for ten years with Phillips
Brooks in like capacity. He has sung
with the famous Boston Symphony So
ciety, with the Cecelia Society, at the
New Bedford and Worcester festivals —
for where our dear Schumann-Heink
left us to sing — besides in concert "from
Maine to Florida." Mr. Heinrich is also
a Rood pianist and accompanies him
self. Last, sad fact, the singer is blind.
The enterprising little Saturday Morn
ing Club up there in Sacramento gives
Mr. Heinrich $100 for his services. Per
haps our Twentieth Century Club will
give us an opportunity to hear him.
ster by the way— gravely subjoined the
following: "My first appreciation of
music — and I recollect it distinctly—
was of a hand organ. It was below the
window in the street and 1 ran to listen
to it. At the same time I discovered
that I could hear it better if I put my
ear against the glass. . And I was just
three years old.*'
That was in Cracow, where the pian
ist was born. Later Hofmann went to
Warsaw, capital of the still unhappy
Poland. It was at three and a half
that "little Hofmann'8" fate was de
cided. He decided it thus remarkably
himself. His father went to Warsaw
to become a professor in the Warsaw
Conservatory and sold his piano before
going. Not being sure of staying very
long in Warsaw he thought that he
would not buy another instrument.
Master Josef decided otherwise.
"I said to my father— he has told me
of It since quite frequently," related
the son — "that 'you would better buy
a piano or you will regret it once!" and
It so struck him that he bought one,"
Hofmann laughed.
And that, with mother teaching to
begin with, then some years with his
artist-father, put Josef Hofmann upon
the concert stage at nine years old, al
ready a remarkable little virtuoso. One
sister he has, "who used to play well,"
but, married now, "prefers the music
of her children."
Somehow we fell then upon the mod
ern composers, inevitably upon the
Russian school. Little for piano liter
ature, Josef Hofmann considers, is
composing anywhere outside of Rus
sia. Medtner, Liadow, Scriabine, par
ticularly, Sternberg and Rachmanin
off he instanced as the greater men of
the school. I remarked upon the coin
cident literary efflorescence, also the
art development, with the internal po
litical and social strife of the em
pire.
"Art is the child of struggle," Hof
mann remarked, "no strife, no art.
There must be compensations." His
after-sketch of the Russo-Japanese
conflict belongs rather to the editorial
page than here. It came with delight
ful oddity from the boyish lips — a
rapid, acute picture of conditions — Ger
many await to see which side wins
and treaty-bound to Russia, France
also furtively watching "our dear
cousin the Czar," the possibility of a
Chlno-Japanese alliance, and so on.
He came back to Italy after that
with Sgambatl as instance of the few
big modern composers for the piano
outside of Russia.
"What of the little Strauss?" I asked;
"the sonatas?"
"Too big- a canvas — orchestral, not
piano literature," Hofmann catalogued
it; "more color than form — decorative
art."
From Strauss to programme music
was but a step. I advanced that some
programme music was much worth
while.
"But" — Hofmann spread deprecatory
hands — " 'tisn't absolute music. One ob
jects to sign posts all over one's music.
This is this, that is that. Too much—
too much policeman! This you shall
feel, and this you shall not feel. Bah!
It is like being in a picture gallery
where a man at your elbow tells you ail
the time what to think. I like to think
what I like to think when I see pictures
or hear music. Imagine to be told what
to feel!"
He went on: "In real music it is left
open to one what to feel. And to each,
according to his temperament, it ap
peals differently. One makes one's own
pictures. It is a free art. Again. Take
away the programme cf your pro
gramme music and it ceases to inter
est. It is no longer beautiful. You
have been making the beauty yourself.
You need the advertisement with it.
And the actual thing can never be ex
pressed in music," he added.
"Almost," I ventured, thinking of the
orchestral water that laps over the
audience with the first measures of the
"Rheingold."
"Nay," and the philosopher looked
It is not for nothing that Josef Hof
mann has the whimsically lowered
right eye, the waywardly curved mouth
that lend such a Puck-like humor to
the face. Only at hand you get these.
The broad brow that governs them
dominates his platform face, the gen
eral masterly balance of the head. Sit
ting opposite, with the mischievous
sparkle of his brown eyes to further
the fancy, Hofmann seems sometimes
a very sprite.
He does the elfish thins, too, as I
have portended. Asked to pose at the
p!ano the other day when I went to
chat with him, ha sat down at the
treat Stelnway soberly enough. Then
he put out his wonderful little hands,
Trlth the cushioned fingers, to the key
board, touching it delioately.
A bit of the "Waldstein," I promised
myself. He was to play It that night.
But Master Hofmann. turning a
whimsical eye over his shoulder at me,
began to play— la la— la, la— what was
it? — a cheap, swaying, three-four
rhythm.
" 'Fishing:,' " he explained solemnly.
"I heard it at Fischer's the other night.
Very pretty? Miss what Is her
name?**
"Morton — "
"Sings very w*H— " la, la— la, la—.
And It turned out that Mr. Hofmann
had not been deterred by "Miss Mazu
xna" from taking in also "Down the
Line."
Automobiling seemed nearer after
that than Beethoven and I asked the
pianist which he preferred, playing
piano or inventing autos, which is his
preferred amusement.
"It Is easier to play the piano," he
laughed, settling back into a big chair,
with something the air oi Eugene con
fronting Mcrell in the second act of
"Candida."
Then he told me that he had invented
two machines. One is a gasoline affair,
the other an electric motor car. A man
had lust been with him 'to talk over
putting them on the market. He, him
self, had not before considered the
business side of his inventions. Pleas
ure — well, he had traveled up hill and
down dale for 2000 miles in his machine
this summer and never touched the
railrcad. Was not that true fun — rac
ing, sealing hills, rocking along the
level among the loveliest of scenery?
Alone? Yes. without a chauffeur — that
is. h^ looked after the machine himself.
His friend. Corstar.tine Sternberg;. the
Philadelrhian, composer and pianist,
had traveled with him. Did they camp
by the way? No. They took only
chocolate and cognac with them, de
pending upon the hotels for the rest.
The latter was necessary from the rad
ical changes of climate.
"How delightful to be able to go
where you please, stop when you
please, start when you please — "
"Nay." quaintly interrupted the
pianist, "sometimes you must start
v h^n the tire pleases."
Then, with little rings of smoke
¦wheeling about his head — he had made
eager appeal for this— Mr. Hoffmann
began to discuss the difference be
tween the musical and mechanical fac
ulties. I had suggested thai they were
both mathematical.
"In essence they are." this possibly
unique example of their combination
decided, "only mechanics Is a strict
science. Composing is a work of fan
tasy. The composition works always —
ir.achine doesn't. I believe," he ad
vanced then, "that I am the only one
cf the musicians with this hobby. At
three years of ape" — with delightful
pomposity — "it showed itself."
I pulled out a pompous pencil to
note this and Invited further infant
autobiography.
Mr. Hoffmann — anything than "Mis
ter" bettor suits the incorrigible young-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 190-1.
19
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLKChurch, which will be dressed in nup
tial garb for the holy sacrament.
• ' • »
Since the poor must wed, and, wed
ding, insist upon following to the letter
the Rooseveltlan theory, many unhap
py exigencies arise, noteworthy the
lack of medical care and nursing at a
most critical period of' both mother's
and babe's careers. As a matter of fact,
there are hundreds of women who have
almost no care, and what care they do
get from their neighbors is Ignorant and
unwiseJ . And. the poor bablesf^Godhelp
them !— bundled ; into an already over
crowded family, with an empty cup-
board and a scant bit of flannel for a
wardrobe! It is for the humane allevia
tion of such of these unhappy women
and children that a coterie of good
women organized and opened a mater
nity hospital on Eighth street.
Here is a depot of relief. Nurses and
medical care are furnished free to the
destitute, and a small fee is charged
where charity is not needed.
'Now, air this requires funds. And
therefore is it that the. board of direct
. ors ; of the hospital - has ' issued ; several
hundred s Invitations to a charity card
: party^ to;' be given next Thursday "at
Century Hall. s The affair is in the hands
A TRIO OF THE LOCAL SMART SET'S PRETTY MAIDS
Pretty Marie Wells is looking for
ward to a visit to Mr. ] and Mrs. Trux
tun" Beale : in Washington, which I will
take hereaway from . local gayety. f or
the winter, lest, Indeed, Me Beale's
Two engagements were announced
within the week that gave the "I-told
you-sos" a famous chance to demon
strate their clairvoyance — that of Miss
Marie Voorhies to Captain Haldimand
Putnam Young, and Miss Paula Wolff,
to William Penn Humphreys.
• • •
of a large number of patronesses, led
by Mrs. Henry Foster Dalton of Wash
ington street, from whom additional de
tails may be gathered and to whom
contributions may be sent. The prizes
to be offered are high class and all
have been donated. Tickets are held at
$1. If there be a more humane thing
than the work of this new institution
I haven't met it. Besides being an ac
tive charity, it teaches the people into
whose homes the nurses go how to live
cleanly and with some regard for food
and sanitation. Success to the card
Another exodus of exposition visitors!
This time It is a party containing Mr.
and Mrs. Byron Mauzy, Mrs. J. C. B.
Hebbard, Miss Alice Schroth. Miss
Florence Schroth. . Charles A. Schroth,
Miss Elsie D. Young, Charles S. Mauzy.
Miss MariortejMangjJBj f
One of the most brilliant society
events of this season occurred in
Stockton a few days ago, when Mrs.
W. H. Clary gave a tea to Mrs- Charl
ton Shannon Barette. Mrs. Barette
was formerly Miss Mabel Clary, about
whom is woven the web of romance —
so dear to the feminine heart, and of
ten net uninteresting to the sterner
sex. In Charleston, S. C, a year ngo.
Miss Clary met Mr. Barette and the
mutual attraction was so earnest that
without informing their families they
married very early in the acquaintance.
At the present time Mrs. -Barette is vis
iting in California witn her relatives
and many friends who are lavishing
attention upon her in every way. Mrs.
Clary was assisted in receiving by Mrs.
Barette. Miss Ethel Clary, Mrs. R. C.
Minor, Mrs. W. M. S. Beede. Mrs. M.
J. Terrlll, Mrs. E. F. McMullln. Mrs.
Rosenbaum, Mrs. Preston Morris, Miss
Susie Nlchol, Miss Jean Read, Miss
Grace Clarke.
Mrs. Stebbins, widow of the late Dr.
Horatio Stebbins. is visiting In Oak
land in the home of Mrs. Watkinson.
465 Merrimac street. Dr. Stebbins was
pastor or the First Unitarian. Church,
this city, for many years, and Mrs.
Stebbins was for six years president of
the Society for Christian Work. This
organization will tender her a large
reception this coming week in the par
lors of the Unitarian Church. Miss
Lucy Stebbins, who is with her mother,
is a graduate of the Harvard Annex
and superintendent of the State In
dustrial School in Boston. She, with
the aid of two philanthropic young
women, Miss Dusen ana Miss Putman,
has put forth much earnest endeavor
and money toward finding good homes
for girls of the criminal class. Watch
fulness is given these girls that they
may be guided and protected after
leaving their benefactors. Horatio
Stebbins Jr. is a prominent civil engi
neer in Oakland and his mother and
sister may conclude to remain on this
coast and reside with him.
Lieutenant Thomas Selfrldge has
been stationed at the Presidio, which
news is very welcome to all his friends,
besides a great satisfaction to his par
ents, who are Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Sel
fridge.
Next week will undoubtedly see the
return here of Mr. and Mrs. Edgar
Peixotto, who have been on their wed
ding tour through the East. In Wash
ington, where friends abound, they
have been widely entertained.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin is In Portland,
where she was called by business af
fairs, but while there will be active in
society matters, too. Later, she and
her son, Downey Harvey, who Is with
her, will go to St. Louis, returning here
in November. There seems to be no
prospect of the Peter Martins coming
to San Francisco this winter; they are
now at Newport and still indefinite in
their plans. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Mar
tin are occupying Mrs. Eleanor Mar
tin's home during her absence.
* • •
To our already choice garden of buds
is to be added one more, no other than
Miss Jessie Moore, daughter of General
Francis Moore, who will soon arrive in
San Francisco to command in the de
partment governed by General MacAr
thur. Miss Moore has come with her
father frc-m Manila, where she has been
widely feted and a great favorite in
army circles.
What a merry time Mrs. Hugh
Tevis is giving the Grundies guessing
as to her nuptual intentions! And per
haps the pretty little widow hasn't
any — at the Dresent moment. Last
week the tabbies declared she -would
give her hand — and Incidentally her
purse — to the harmless little Earl who
happened over on the ship with her.
This week it's A. Hart McKee. who
is just about out of the dilemma of
a divorce coufrt. and in a rather em
barrassing position in the Phipps pot
pourri of domestic turmoil. Pretty
Mrs. Hugh is not unlike her relative.
Dr. Harry Tevia. He's kept the tab
bies guessing these many moons.
• • •
The L. L. Bakerg. who have spent
the entire summer at the Hotel Ra
fael, have returned to San Francisco.
The Bakers seemed to derive from
the summer all the pleasure possible,
from Mrs. Baker. who*reveled In £olf
and watching the tennis tournaments
on the Hotel Rafael courts, down to
Miss Dorothy, whose handsome little
Shetland pony and basket phaeton
were so often seen on the- San Rafael
and Ross roads through the summer.
right lively burs and interesting.
The service was performed by the
Rev. Father Mulligan. At the bride's
Baker street home a reception was
held, to which seventy-five guests were
..bidden.^ .•:::. - : : - • ,»
SL Mary's Cathedral was the scene
of a pretty wedding on Tuesday night,
when Miss Sadie Genevieve Quinn be
came the bride of Thomas F. McDer
mott.
Wednesday evening likewise brought
a picturesque church wedding— that of
Miss Alma D. Craig and Joseph L. Mc-
Williams, which was celebrated at St.
Luke's.
The bride is a statuesque maid and
in her nuptial robes was very attrac
tive. After the service a reception was
held in the maple room of the Palace,
at which the details were smartly ar
ranged.
Mr. and Mrs. Me Williams are both
members of pioneer families of high
repute. The young people left for the
East on Thursday morning.
• • •
The happy pair left on their honey
moon trip on Thursday and, returning,
will make their home in the old family
homestead.
The fine old McDonald home on Pow
ell street was never so gay as on the
nuptial night, for which lilies were
plucked from the bosom of some lovely
lake, while gardens and forests gave
up their treasures for the bride.
The wedding on Wednesday of Miss
Laura Lee McDonald and James C
Sims was tho leading affair in the line
of nuptials-Mrs. Sims a noted beauty
and Mr. Sims a noted politician-and a
lawyer.
On Tuesday a clever conception of
real fun was exemplified when Captain
and Mrs. W. c. Davis entertained their
Iriends at a fancy dress card party
Now, "fancy" scarce covers the ground
since many of the costumes were
not exactly in that class. But there
was fun— loads of it.
The affair was announced as a hobo
rxcursion to the fair.
M hat a tame week! The fair seems
to b» a contributory cause. But there
appears to be a growing tendency in
the fmart ret to gather in small groups
vhere each soul is likened unto tho
other, and who seeks its pleasures thus
untrammeled. But when it becomes
necessary in the course of social events
to give an "affair-'-as every woman
occasionally must, if she hopes to re
tain prestige— then the "nice" people
of their acquaintance are bidden.
But, seriously, something must be
done In society toward cultivating the
art of interesting speech, reasonably
clean of vulgarisms and commonplace
slang, for there is nothing so contrib
utive to the charm of maid or matron
as well-chosen, well-enunciated and
well-intentioned speech.
"Fewer Jewels at your throat and
more from your, lips" aptly tells the
whole tale. But the "tea" won't help
you— for ere you have the ear of a con
genial friend and are mutually inter
ested in a clever chat— and it need not
be encyclopedic nor pedantic to be
clever— in bounds some effusive and
ebullient maid into your corner, and
that chat dies a-borning.
Ar.d it is a dispensation devoutly to
be hoped for that the "tea" mania will
have spent its force ere it strikes this
burg, and that the short musicale — or
Bomethin?r equally sane — be substituted.
And therein may the lost art of con
versation ba revivified. It is not unin
terening to note that in Gotham, Bos
ton. Philadelphia, and even in Chicago —
which has never been accused of deep
seated social culture— the "tea" has
been voted as worthy only of their bu
colic .suburbs.
And for it. family medicos— those of
them who are on a yearly stipend
— are already prescribing a three
weeks' rest cure, to be taken
before and after. And small won
der! for witness the "tea" epidemic
of last winter, with its eighteen
debutantes and its bunches of brides.
For each was there a "tea," and by
every friend of each to the other, until
It became a regular thing for bevies of
maids to charge upon a half-dozen
"teas" in one afternoon — and to repeat
the same vocal inanities at each. Why,
the only wonder is that they didn't be
come "driveling «*jits"' ere the merciful
fall of the Lenten curtain. But they
didn't— that is, most of them survived
the attack more or less successfully.
But there were tonics to be paid for,
and massage and doctors' bills, not to
mention the financial wear and tear on
"popper" for the giddy raiment in
which the '"tea"-p:oing maid galloped
to her doom.
The "tea" madness is almost upon us.
On Wednesday come the Donaldson-
Chase wedding and the Adam-Musto
nuptials on this side of the bay, and
the wedding in Berkeley of Miss Anne
Maxwell Miller, daughter of Rear Ad
miral Joseph N. Miller, to Paymaster
George Brown Jr., U. S. N. Both af
fairs will be church weddings, with
large receptions following.
The attendants upon Miss Donaldson
will be Mrs. Nelson Eckart, a sister of
the groom, matron of honor, and Miss
Alice Treanor, MIsa Emma Moffat, Miss
Lalla Wenzelburger and Miss Helen
Davis, all members of the Kappa Kap
pa Gamma sorority, as bridesmaids—
and a gay galaxy they will be in their
flowered frocks.
Miss Marie Claire Adam, a fascinat
ing maid, Is to be attended by Mrs
Joseph B. Keenan, sister of the groom!
as matron of honor, Miss Stella Harris
as honor maid and Miss Juliet Grasse
Miss Charlotte Jepseri, Miss Genevieve'
McCormick, Miss Gertrude Freese and
Miss Maisie Cook as ' bridesmaids. The
affair will take place in Sacred Heart
Next week will hear the merry tinkling
of the floral nuptial bells. On Monday
Miss Blanch Marguerite Loughran,
formerly of this city but now of San
Diego, will become the bride of Charles
William Dillingham, the ceremony tak
ing place at the home of the bride In
the southern city.
Doosn't that sound like the uncon
ventional lady? Evidently the fact of
her being a mother-in-law doesn't
welsh heavily upon her— but, then, it
might make a difference being mother
in-!aw to your own stepson.
It is said that Mrs. Powers Gouraud
is a prototype of her mother in her
effervescent spirit and dash. No ennui
in that family.
Apropos of the Gourauds, It Is well
known that the quartet— mother,
daughter and their respective hus
bands, i>ere and flls — have been badly
bitten by the theatrical microbe. Some
time ago they wrote a play — all of
them having an oar in it— and now they
are ready to produce it. In fact, the
affair takes place to-day, as witness
the following Invitation that arrived in
town yesterday. Printed on brown pa
per is the following summons:
"Come around Sunday, October 9,
1904. Something doing.
"MR. and MRS. JACK GOURAUD.
"Madison ave., New York."
Elmira, N. Y., won distinction during
the week, when the announcement was
wired over the country that Margaret,
eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J.
Sloat Fassett, joined fortunes—finan
cial and social— with Dr. Frederick G.
Hodgson, a clever young chap of
Athens, Ga.
The Fassetts are well known in San
Francipco, having made several visits
here. They are of kin to the Crockers,
which would, of course, ally them to
Mrs. C. B. Alexander of New York,
Mrs. Francis Burton Harrison, whose
ambitious young husband 16 seeking
election as Lieutenant Governor of the
State, and Mrs. Amy Crocker-Gou
raud.
It should furnish as good stuff for
romance now as it did in the days of
Bret Harte and Mark Twain— and no
doubt Miss Bonner will handle it well.
Mrs. Corbin, who was Miss Patton,
was reared on the Comstock, quite
within hearing of the whistle of the
Gould & Curry, the California and the
Consolidated Virginia— the famous
mines from whose dark recesses half of
the new world's wealth has been
wrested.
Miss Geraldine Bonner, the well
known author of "Hard Pan" and "To
morrow's Tangle," who has been trav
eling in Italy for the last two months,
expects to sail from Genoa for New
York about the middle of October. Miss
Bonner has a new novel in the hands
of her publishers. Part of the scene is
laid in the mines of Virginia City, Nev.
—so familiar to a large number of good
Californians, including Mrs. Corbin,
who is now visiting Mrs. Frederick
Kohl on Pacific avenue.
Friday brought a delightful bridge
party, with Mrs. Alexander D. Keyes
the hostess. As with the most inter
esting bridge affairs, there was not
a large guest list. Famously interest
ing are those games where the players
are worthy of each other— as are all of
Mrs. Keyes' close friends.
On the same day Miss Etelka Wil
liar, one of the fairest maids of Sau
salito, entertained at luncheon, many
of the fair maids going over from this
side.
On Thursday Miss Edith Mau was
hostess at a charming luncheon at her
Sutter street home, to which ten of her
friends were bidden.
The decorations were quite In accord
with the young hostess* personality.
The happy pair left for their nuptial
trip on Wednesday morning.
* Captain J. H. and Mrs. Parker and
Colonel F. AV.. Pitcher are visiting at
Del Monte, paying occasional visits to
Monterey. Barracks— which; by the
way, .are making of the old town: a
The Misses Morrison of San Jose
left last Monday for an extended
Eastern trip, which will of course in
clude St. Louis. In that city they will
be guests of Judge and Mrs. Seneca X.
Taylor, prominent In the St. Louis
smart set, and who have arranged
many functions for the interesting
young ladles.
The E. G. Schmiedells, who went
to their Ross Valley home in the early
springtime, have returned to the city.
Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Savage from
over the bay are in San Francisco for
the winter.
Mrs. Clinton E. Worden, who vis
ited in town for a few days, went back
to the sob of the sea. Del Monte ap
pears to have hypnotized Mrs. Towne
and her daughter, who have been
there since early summer.
Mrs. M. Irvine and her son. J. W.
Byrne, are visiting at Del Monte,
where the art connoisseur and bon vi
vant get close to nature through the
golf links.
Mrs. A. E. Kent of Kentfleld left on
the 1st of October for Chicago. She
accompanied her son, Mr. Will Kent,
and his family.
• * •
Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Lilley are mak
ing a short trip to the St. Louis ex
position. They are expected back in
a few days.
• • •
The Ed Newhalls, who have spent
the summer in BIythedale, have re
turned to San Francisco for the win
ter.
Dr. George Powers and family have
returned to the city after a long sum
mer in San Rafael. The Powers are
among the many who go early and stay
as long as possible in the country.
And before the month slips into the
past Clement Tobin will have claimed
his beautiful fiancee, Miss Charlotte
Russell, for his bride.
Owing to Mrs. de Sabla's illness the
plans for the wedding are somewhat
in the air.
The 26th brings the nuptial day of
Miss Charlotte Moulder and Charles
Carter Nichols- The wedding will be
a home affair.
On the 23d Miss Laura Sanchez Scott
will become Mrs. Frederick Lewin.
Then on the 19th Miss Romilda Sbar
bcro will become the bride of Guido
Joseph Musto.
On the preceding Saturday Miss Isa
belle Hooper and Wigginton Creed will
be wedded in Alameda. It will be an
afternoon affair, and vastly interest
ing, as both bride and groom are of
well known families and of interesting
personalities on their own account.
On the 18th -Miss Katherine Selfridge
will be wedded to Lieutenant Kellond,
U. S. A. The wedding will be a home
affair, with Miss Elsie Dorr and Mrs.
Florence Cole as attendants upon the
bride, and Captain Bradford upon the
groom.
A handsome bride, to be sure!
* • *
Fannie Francisca is soon to give a
concert in the white and gold ballroom
of the St. Francis. This will initiate a
musical series that is to follow through
the winter season ut this hotel. The
1-allroom will be converted Into a mag
nificent concert hall, having a movable
stage, and the Louis XV parlor will be
used for the artistes' reception-room.
The ladies' gallery on the mezzanine
floor is to be for the use of guests.
The Eagby receptions at the Waldorf-
Astoria are well-known throughout the
Eastern music world, and the St. Fran
cis affairs will be managed in the same
manner by the following patronesses:
Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Mrs. M. H. do
Young, Mrs. Ira Pierce, Mrs. L. L.
Baker. Mr3. Mark Gerstle, Mrs. Mau
rice Casey, Mrs. Walter McGavin,
Mrs. M. C. Sloss, Mrs. Eleanor Martin,
Mrs. M. H. Hecht, Mrs. Charles L.
Ackerman, Mrs. J. Wilson Shiels, Mrs.
William Gerstle, Mrs. D. Drysdale, Mrs.
Adam Andrew, Mrs. Norris King Davis,
Mrs. Fernando Pfingst, Mrs. John Sib
ley and Mrs. A. Brown.
• • •
Miss Irene Muzzy, a promised de
butante for the winter of 1905, has
taken ud a finishing course of cultural
work in a convent In Lucerne after
having made a tour of the world with
her mother.
business interests necessitate a trip to
California. What a merry time this
charming little Western maid would
have In Washington!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1904.
20
BEHOLD
THE COMING
OF THE TEA!A canal to transport oil to the gulf is
proposed by the .Mexican Petroleum
Company. The oil fields are at Ebano
and the contemplated port li Tarn
dIco. . HnflBMBRBfr'
, LIMA,. Peru, Oct. 8.— Beginning
January 1, 1905, the present rates
of postage from this country to the
United States, Europe and Asia and
Oceanica will be reduced one-half.
Pern to Reduce Postage Rates.
Andre-w G. Griffin filed a complaint
yesterday with the Board of Super
visors to the effect that the water sup
ply at his residence, 3020 Pacific av
enue, has been cut off because the
tank of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany at Pacific avenue and Lyon
street is only partly filled in order to
reduce the pressure. Griffin says that
this policy-will make his house so un
sanitary that it will be uninhabitable
and he appeals to the Supervisors for
relief because he has received assur
ance that this condition will not be
immediately improved.
Cuts Off Water Supply.
The board of San Francisco depu
ties of the Independent Order of For
esters tendered a reception last night
to Supreme Chief Ranger Oronhyteka,
Past High Chief Ranger O. S. Cooper.
High Vice Chief Ranger G. Q. Stewart.
High Treasurer Edward N. Cameron,
High Counselor Hoyle and to the del
egates who were on their way to the
High Court of the order, which In to
meet this week in San Diego.
At this reception in the western
hall of the Shiels building, at which
the ladles of Companion Court Diana
acted as the ' reception committee,
those of Court Yerba Buena on the
collation and refreshment committee
and those of Court Golden Gate on the
committee of arrangements, there
was an address of welcome by the
president of the board, a pleasing pro
gramme of musical and literary num
bers, addresses by the supreme chief
and the high officers and then tho
serving of light refreshments.-
The addresses were on the progress
of the order in this State and upon
the work that is to be carried out at
the ¦ session , of the High Court. . .
; The'Yeamp \ of Royal \ Foresters, the
uniformed I branch of < the order . that . is
Reception to the Supreme Chief and
High Officers on Ere of the
High Court Session.
INDEPENDENT* FORESTERS
ENTERTAIN THE DELEGATES
A blonde may be light headed with
out being feather brained.
Coroner Leland detailed Deputy
Coroner Brown yesterday to investi
gate the conduct of J. C. Heath of
23 28 Folsom street, who, prescribed
medicines for three weeks for Mrs.
Mary Kruse of 321 Montcalm street.
Mrs. Kruse died yesterday morning of
natural causes presumably, btit the
case was sent to the Coroner, because
Heath, not being a physician, could
not and would not sign the death cer
tificate. Deputy Brown secured the bot
tles of medicine bearing labels of va
rious drug stores, which medicines had
been brought to Mrs. Kruse by Heath.
The labels contain directions for tak
ing the medicines, but are not signed,
and do not purport to be prescriptions.
The matter was reported to the po
lice yesterday, and Detective Thomas
Coleman was detailed on the case, the
object being to ascertain whether
Heath had represented himself to be
a physician. Heath treated Mrs.
Kruse's husband previously for corns
and rheumatism.
Mrs. Kruse was 37 years old and
leaves four children, the youngest 2
years and the oldest 15.
J. C. Heath Administers Medicines to
Mrs. Mary Krusc and Is Re
ported to the Police.
COROXER INVESTIGATES
A SPURIOUS DOCTOR
The members of ?hu Young Ladies*
Srv'ai!tj of St. Patrick's Church >'i!l
receive holy communion in a body at
the 8 o'clock mass this morning.
'in the afternoon at 2 o'clock they will
meet in St. Vincent's Hall for the
purpose of transacting business, and
of discussing a paper by Miss Sarah
Dougherty on "The Life History of the
Mother o* God." On Monday evening
the members of the Holy Name Sodal
ity hold their usual monthly meeting 1 .
A literary and musical programme will
conclude the meeting.
Young Ladies' Sotiaiity to Meet
January 14, 1898, she persuaded Mon
nier Sr. to begin an action In behalf
of the young man to annul the mar
riage. Contrary to the wishes of
George Jr. the case was prosecuted
and on May 12, 1898, a Judgment was
rendered in favor of Violet. He de
clares that Anna Monnier employed
the attorneys and directed the prose
cution. She also caused the case to
be appealed to the Supreme Court and
lost it.
Once more, it is said, she threatened
that if he resumed his relations with
hisi wife she would cause him to be
disinherited, but, pending the appeal,
he went back to Violet and lived with
her until August, 1901.
In order to carry out her threats to
influence the making- of the will, Anna
Monnier, it is said, represented to her
husband that George Jr. was not the
father of Violet's child and if he left
any portion of his estate to- his son
it would be enjoyed by Violet and her
kindred. Thus the will was made,
leaving Anna Monnier all the fortune.
The young man declares that the
charges against the character of his
wife were false.
located in this city, will, to the num
ber of about twenty-five, accompany
the delegates to the convention city,
ppearing: for the flrst time in uniform,
and there will join their fellow Royr.I
Foresters of Los Angeles in a parade
that will take place one forenoon dur
ing the session.
Those who will leave this city for
San Diego by special train will num
ber about 110 and on the way south,
this side of Los Angeles, about
more will board the train.
Threaten Pacific Mail.
Attorneys for Lee Yik Gar have? issued
an ultimatum to the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company to bring him back
from China on the next steamer, or
They will proceed against the company
for contempt of court. It appears that
the attorneys had obtained a writ of
habeas corpus, which was served upon
the steamship company, commanding
the company to deliver the body of Lee
Yik Gar into the United States District
<"ourt. The company sent Lee on his
way to China on the Korea three days
ago. Now h5s lawyers want him back.
¦ » ¦
The real hero of a play is sometimes
the critic who has to sit through it.
Swedish Club Picnic.
The Swedish-American Political Club
of San Francisco has completed ar
rangements for a day and moonlight
picnic to be held at Shell Mound Park
on October 16. There will be dancing In
the large pavilion until 11 o'clock p. m.
The following named gentlemen are of
ficers of the club: President, A. M.
Wollen; first vice president, Ch. Ram
berg; second vice president, F. O. SJo
gren; secretary, Alex Olsson; treasurer,
G. Peterson.
¦ * ¦
English nobility and gentry do not
seem to be taking kindly to King
Edward's new style In trouser creas
ings.
! George Monnier Jr. has amended
his contest against the will of George
Monnier, the retired wine merchant
who died September 4, leaving a for-
I tune of $200,000. He reiterates that
he is the son of the deceased, notwith
i standing the statement to the con
i trary made 'by his supposed mother!
' Anna Monnier, on the witness stand
when she obtained special letters of
administration upon the estate.
J Apparently resenting the widow's
statements regarding his parentage
and domestic affairs, the young man
charges her with a series of acts and
plots alleged to have been conceived
i for the purpose of having his father
• disinherit him. He declares that the
! testament was made under the undue
i influence of Anna Monnier. His fa
ther, he says, at the time of making
the will, in 1901, was 63 years of age
and impaired in body and mind. His
wife for years had exercised great in
: fli'ence with him and held author'ty
j over him.
j ' George Jr. continues that on March
I 4. IS 97, he married Violet Henry and
• since that time Anna Monnier has
shown hatred and bitterness toward
1 the young man's wife. Shortly after
the marriage the senior Mrs. Monnier
i attempted, and she continues to at
! tempt, it is said, to separate the con
j testant and his wife and prior to the
j rfaking of the will she threatened that
iC they did not separate she would
cause the elder Monnier to disinherit
i George Jr.
A week after the marriage, it is
alleged, she importuned the contestant
J to leave his wife and by reason or her
j persuasions he remained away from
j his wife for two weeks, but returned
\ later and then accompanied the elder
I woman to Europe, leaving his wife
! here. While he was absent, on De
jctmber 18, 1897, the young wife gave
I birth to a child and Monnier charges
that Anna Monnier caused to be pub
lished a notice that the child was
; dead and. though knowing that the
I babe was still alive, had a copy of the
; notice sent to the contestant in Eu
rope.
i The son accuses the widow of false-
I ly representing that Violet Monnier
j was unfaithful to him and says that on
Supposed Mother Said to
Have Persuaded Her Hus
band to Disinherit Son
Trusting you will give this space in
your journal, I remain, yours sincerely,
FRANK W. GALE.
"I beg to inform my beloved .mem
bers of the mother church that the
by-law in article XXVI of its man
ual does not require members of
benevolent and progressive organiza
tions, such as the Free Masons, Odd
Fellows, temperance societies and
those of similar cult, to resign this
membership. It specifies in plain Eng
lish that after individuals become
members of our church they shall not
thereafter 'be made' members of clubs
or other organizations not named in
its manual, and wherefore? Because
oui religious denomination demands
the faithful attention and labor of its
members in all philanthropic, ther
apeutic and progressive Christian work
for the human race, and relies upon
the adequate, scientific source and re
source therefor."
Dear Sir: — Referring to the article
published in this morning's issue of
your paper, in case there might be a
mistaken impression regarding same, I
should like you to publish the follow
ing:
The Christian Science by-law refer
ring to members of the Christian Sci
ence Church, belonging to clubs or or
ganizations to which both sexes are
not eligible, was promulgated last
May. As published by you, the by
law indicates on its face that it is
not retroactive, but applies to mem
bers" of the mother church who may
Join thereafter. It applies to the
branch churches in the same way.
Hence, there were no "orders" or
"commands" given, which would ap
ply to members of clubs or organiza
tions who were Christian Science
members at that time.
It is true that throughout the coun
try many Christian Science members,
both ladies and gentlemen, prominent
in clubs and organizations, have seen
fit to resign their memberships, be
lieving that what applied to. future
Christian Science members could, with
good reason, be applicable to present
members. These resignations, how
ever, were entirely voluntary on their
part, and under no "orders" or "com
mands." Such action on their part
was, possibly, because they believed
they could best subserve their interests
and that of their families and their
own consciences, and such action was
purely a matter of their own decision,
without interference, commands or or
ders from any one.
Shortly after the adoption of the by
law referred to, Mrs. Eddy issued a
card, published in the Christian Sci*
ence Journal of June, 1904, reading
as follows:
"Take Notice.
"Mary B. G. Eddy.
The recent proclamation by Mrs.
Mary Baker G. Eddy, acknowledged
head of the American Christian Sci
ence Church, has created quite a stir
among the followers of Christian Sci
ence throughout the State. Accord
ing to J. Jacobs, who represents Frank
"W. Gale, the edict issued by Mrs. Eddy
has been misunderstood by the general
public and the facts in the case have
not been stated correctly. The follow
ing communication was sent to The
Call yesterday by order of Gale:
San Francisco,. Cal., Oct. 8, 1904.
Editor of The Call, San Francisco, Cal.
Several Followers of Creed
Act on Own Impulse, but
Did Not Receive Orders
SEPARATES FROM BRIPE
CLUBS ARE NOT BARRED
Christian Scientists Claim
Mrs. Eddy's Proclamation
Has Been Misunderstood
Sensational Charges in His
Amended Contest Against
Will of* Old Winemaker
YOUNG MONNIER
ACCUSES WIDOW
EDICT CREATES
QUITE A STIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1904
21
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r : •-* *-"*:,
I ?./' When a P ers <>n has been told that
' ih^r, t? d i that , no trea tment can help
, J ?£*• L* l f s , urel y a wonderful relief
both physically and mentally to find a
, treatme nt that has curative effects My"
I condition was a very serious one, and
! all the medical treatment that I used did
me no good. I heard of the success of
I Electro-Chemistry in serioul dSses
»£e my own. and I went to the Electro-
Chemic Institute. No. 118 Grant ave for
t..°- 7/^ eX 5 n ?l natiOn " ThJs lamination
was free and it was so thorough that I
had great hopes when the Electro-Chem-
c specialists told me that Electro-Chem-
Istry would cure me. I began the treat-
: ment immediately, and in a short time
1 my condition was greatly improved in
1 e ??SK way ' u Whe , n . J flrst w *n* to the In-
stitute my breathing was so short that I
; could hardly go up the stairs. I had a
! very serious cough and I expectorated
, horrible looking matter from my lungs.
¦I had fever in the afternoons and had
; night sweats. I had lost a great deal of
1 flesh and was so weak that I could
; scarcely get about. I feel like a new wo-
; man now. I feel stronger in every way
| The cough has disappeared. The night
! sweats and the afternoon fevers have
i disappeared. I do not expectorate bad
j looking matter from my lungs, and all of
; this has been accomplished in a verv
i short time and at very little expense I
! feel it my duty to tell other sufferers' of
J the wonderful effects of Electro-Chemis-
| try in bad cases like my own. My name
| is Mrs. M. Mncdoupall nnd I live at No
: 400 Oak st.. San Francisco."
i It Is cures like these that is making
¦ the Electro-Chemic treatment famous
I and it is because of such euros that in
i less than three years" time the Electro-
Chemic practice in San Francisco has
become thp largest special practice in
the West. Electro-Chemistry is curative
in all long-standing and chronic diseases
and it is the most successful treatment
I yet discovered for the cure of Consump-
tion. Catarrh. Bronchitis. Asthma Deaf-
ness. Ringing Ears. Discharging Ears
Painful Ears. Rheumatism. Neural-
gia. Locomotor Ataxia, Paralysis, Weak
i Heart. Palpitation. Shortness of
: Breath. Dizziness. Headache. Nervous-
ness. Insomnia. Epilepsy. Falling 81ck-
I ness. Constipation. Piles. Fistula. Proa-
tatitis. Stricture, Blood Poison, Specific
Contagious Diseases. Blood and Skin Dis-
eases. Eczema. Goitre. Swollen Joints.
Weak Back, Kidney Diseases. Bright's
j Diseaee. Diabetes. Inflammation of the
Bladder. Special Diseases of Women— Ir-
regularities, Displacements. Ovarian
Pains, Tumors, Abscesses. Ulcers, etc.,
etc. - -3 i
The Electro-Chemic X-Ray Examina-
tion is the most reliable examination that
any sufferer can have and It is absolute-
ly free to all. Patients living at a dis-
tance should try to come to the office for
this examination. In most cases the pa-
tient can take the course of EJectro-
Chemic home treatment and return home !
the same day. An expensive Electro- ;
Chemic apparatus is loaned to outside
patients. : free of charge. The Institute
is provided with separate and private
apartments for its male and female pa-
tients and everything is retired, quiet
and pleasant. All classes are now taking
the Electro-Chemic course. There are
lawyers, ministers, priests, physi-
cians, merchants, mechanics, laborers,
and there are society ladles and there are
housewives, all receivingr the same care-
ful, conscientious treatment at the hands
of the Electro-Chemic specialists. The
Electro-Chemic Institute is centrally i lo-
cated , at No. .. 118 ; Grant ave.. j. corner of
Post st.: and the \ office : hours are from
i nine, to five and seven to eight daily, and .
«n Sunday from ten to one. .-^gffinsOH
gEWMAN^IiEVINSOy.
If you live f*&? f^> /^ Ladies* Knit
Out-of-Town k\l V^ L/ • Underskirts
send for our new /7\%V\ A ( T N4JVV /^t (V\ /*^!i A\Vf (Wk. A^ made of extra heavy
this advertisement. tr.^.,,,, ,».«,i c «??/»- c*« JF. *—* — ¦ -r Tfc ted, bl:.e and pink;
Your letter win re- Kearny ana Sutter Sts. s f vcial at
ceive prompt and -^^^^jij^a,*^- .-,„,,
careful attention. Store Opens 8.SO Ji. M., Closes 5.3O P. M. 90'. tacn
Unequaled Values in Handsomely Tailored
Suits and Skirts for Ladies
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
The New Ready-to-Wear Garments for Fall are novv on display in our Suit Department — an
assortment that surpasses all our previous efforts — and you will be astonished at the low prices
when you see how beautiful, stylish and well made they are. Among the leading specials for
Monday we enumerate the following :
WALKING SUITS— of heavy quality WALKING SUITS— of fine Panama SEPARATE SKIRTS— of fine quality
Etamine Cheviot, in brown and black, doth, in invisible plaid effects, Norfolk Cheviot, in blue, brown and black,
jacket with velvet em- ,j, ni « n jacket artistically trimmed, -»->»» r*n seven gores and fan pleats c nrt
broidered vest; pleated skirt Jp^l.UU very stylish 3>i(.5U at bottom $O.UU
STYLISH SUITS-of Lymansville WALKING SKIRTS — of navy blue STYLISH SKIRTS-of Panama cloth,
Cheviot, elaborately trimmed jacket and black Broadcloth, with eleven In blue, brown and black, finely made
with fancy vest, pleated **** *v A gores and pleated at bottom, *> A ~ c with fifteen gores, and pleated c< _ nA
skirt; elegant value...'. «pz4.UU exceptional value «J>4.^5 —excellent value «>C.UU
Ladies' Fine Embroidered Handkerchiefs
50c and 75c Styles — On Sale at 25c Each
(First Floor Kearny St.)
You never have, and perhaps never will again, get an opportunity to buy Handkerchiefs like
these at the price. There are over 6000 of them to select from — all, new, perfect goods of the
finest quality of linen — many hemstitched, with the daintiest of embroidered designs — others
are novelty colored handkerchiefs, in choicest styles and latest patterns. Patrons should
anticipate their holiday wants, for we've never offered a handsomer lot of goods. Handker- OC
chiefs that would be considered elegant value at 50c and 75c each — Your choice to-morrow A^J^
GREAT REDUCTION SALE OF ODDMENTS IN
Leather Goods, Buckles, Hat Pins, Fans, Etc.
(First Floor Sutter St.)
Come to-morrow to the greatest and best sale of its kind you ever knew. To make way for in-
coming Fall and Winter goods in our Fancy Notion Department, every broken assortment, no
matter how fine or what the cost, will be sacrificed regardless of original prices. Of course, we
can only mention a few of the hundreds of bargains, but the following items show how we have
marked prices for quick clearance :
LEATHER WRIST BAGS LEATHER POCKET BOOKS I OPERA GLASS BAGS
Ji.oo Wrist Bags, now 60c $1.00 Pocket Books, now 50c! $2.00 Opera Bags, now $1.00
$2.00 Wrist Rags, now f 1 .00 J2.25 Pocket Books, now $1.00; $3.50 Opera Bags, now $1.50
53.50 Wrist Bags, now $1.50 $3.50 Pocket Books, now $1.50 I4.25 Opera Bags, now $2.00
.$4.25 Wrist Bags, now — ....$2.00 ! $4.25 Pocket Books, now $2.00|$6.oo Opera Bags, now $3.00
$6.00 Wrist Bags, now $3.50 $5.50 Pocket Books, now $2.50; $7.50 Opera Bags, now $4.00
NOVELTY HAT PINS NECK CHAINS FANS — Black and Colors
35c Hat Pins, now 10c 50c Chains, now 1 0c' $2.00 Fans, now 50c
65c Hat Pins, now 25c $1.50 Chains, now 50c: Fans, now $1.00
75c Hat Pins, now 35c; $3.00 Chains, now $1.00 J6.00 Fans, now $3.00
$1.25 Hat Pins, now 50ci$4.oo Chains, now $2.00 $9.50 Fans, now $6.00
New Silks, Velvets and Velveteens
(First Floor Kearny St.)
Pnctnmo in a handsome collection of I\] mu \Ig\\t&+ c and VELVETEENS— all the rage
V^UCHUIIIC Uiiro, choice novelties will be I'CW V CI VClb novv f or g 0W ns,waists and wraps,
shown Monday for the first time. Among them are this rwytt^ v.i.,iL f.r,«ct,, m .o •„ ,n
TCr. fci Aft CI oe ~~A tfi tn v^^^ Embroiderettes, llluminos and Shadow- !
_._ <5C, $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 Yard sheen— latest for suits and waists; yd. 75c and $1.00
Fancy Flannel and Flannelettes
Elegant Showing of New Fall Fabrics
(Second x'loor Sutter Street)
Momie Flannelettes, 28 Inches wide, In German Eiderdown Flannelettes, 28 French Velour Flannelettes, 2Q Inches
newest dots and stripes, for 4*)\/ * inches wide, in Persian pat- *%f\ n i wide, exclusive designs, in the
wrappers and sacques, yard l^/^C terns, dots and stripes, per yd. most fashionable colors; yard. <3(C
New Flannelettes for Kimonas, 29 ins. Enclish Flannelettes, 28 inche? wide,! Fancy Flannel Waistings, 29 ins. wide,
wide — Pebble cloth effect, in 1C entirely now broche designs, «*-_! latest polka dot and figured de- - n
novelty satin stripes; yard 13C for wrappers and kimonas; yd. 1 signs, in rich colorings; yard. OVC
Notable Values in Winter Hosiery
(Main Aisle Kearny Street)
Ladjes' Fine Quality Cashmere Hose, full fashioned, Children's Black Cashmere Hose, narrow rib, with
with merino heels and toes, In black or gray; - ft double soles, heels and toes, sizes 6 to 9, an ex- --
exceptionally fine value, per pair 3UC • celknt wearing article; special, per pair , 35C
Ladies' Cashmere Hose, finest imported qualities, made Infants' Cashmere Hose, with silk toes and heels, nar-
of lamb's wool, in medium and gauze weights; row rib, in black, white, pink, sky and tan, sizes o -
very special at, per pair (Ow 4 to 6 ; best value ever offered at, per pair *OC
Attention is called to a most complete stock ot the
latest French productions m unique styles of Galons,
Edgings, Motifs and Bands, with Allovcr Laces to match,
in BlacK, Cream and White. The collection includes
the following makes: Princess Louise, Lc Puy, Point
Vcnise, Point Lierre, Irish Point, Bretonnc, Applique,
Chantilly and Point Gaze «• «- «. «» «•
French Robes (unmade).
Spangled effects. Exclusive novelties in
Black, White and Silver, Blue, Brown, Pink
and fancy combinations of lace. &l.f\ f\f\
From JpftlAUU
Novelty Chiffons.
For evening and carriage use, printed and
embroidered in effective color com- tf aa
binations. Special i tpu*\J\J
Voile Eolicnne.
Chiffon finish. A new material for ff-i pa
evening costumes. Special value.. 4*l»fcW
Women's Neckwear.
The new styles are now on exhibition and
some very attractive ideas are shown in Jabots,
Fichus, Bows, Stock Collars, Ruches, Stoies, Etc.
Du Barry Scarfs.
For theater and carriage wear, in tf* j. aa
handsome colorings. From »pf«»Ul/
BucKingham Stocks.
Of taffeta, with top collar, new V-g pa
shades 4>1.DU
tnnO d z - n PURE LINEN NAP- d*#^ q C
IUUU KINS, Yi size, h nasom? pat- J&/-83
tern-, v :iues to $4.00. Special kJJfc* Dozen
/ Cor.Posts Kearny Sts^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, -/TIME,
Parlor Furniture.
We have just placed on sale in our display
rooms some ot the finest upholstered goods ever
produced by Eastern manufacturers. They are in 1
3 and 5 piece suits and are covered in silk velour,
tapestry and verona. We also have a full line of
odd pieces of latest design, if you prefer to fit out
your rooms in this manner. Come in and get our
prices and see our stock before buying elsewhere.
It will be dollars saved by you. We will make
terms to suit you.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE GO.
1017-1023 MISSION STREET. Above sixth.
GOLD^TIUST^ .
"Let the GOLD DUST TWINS do your work"
SIMPLY WONDERFUL
is the work which GOLD DUST accomplishes. All labors
look alike to the Gold Dust Twins. They clean floors and
doors, sinks and chinks^ — go from cellar to attic — and* leave
only brightness behind. Get acquainted with
GOLD DUST
OTHER GENERAL I Scrubbfc* floors, was hire clothes and dishes, cleaning weed*
USES FOR I work, oil doth, silverware and tinware, polishing brass work,
COLD DUST I cleaning bath room, pipes, etc . and making tha finest soft soap.
Made by THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. Chicago-Mater* of FAIRY SOAP.
GOLD DUST makes bard wafer soft
' ' ¦ ¦ • ¦¦ ¦ "-' -• - - 'The ingratitude of republics is again exemplified. The United
States refuses to go to the rescue of three boodlers whom General
Kord has shut up in a Haytian dungeon for accepting bribes
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
, On November 1. 1904. will be advanced
10c per 1b. Holiday orders received up to
that date at present prica •
„ "Sonny, ain't ' you ! afraid that' such a
big cigar will ; make .you sick?"
"Well, sir, I don't, mind :bein' sick in
a cause like this.*— Life. . ,
Worth It.
"The cable dispatches say that the
Bey of Tunis went to Paris and was
filled with enthusiasm." ' '
"I obtained; the same -result," replied
Soakley, "by just spending, a. few hours
downtown." — Detroit Free Press-
Cheaper.
A French savant claims to have found a germ in the Balkans
which prolongs life indefinitely. This is in seeming contradiction to
the usual manifestation of the Balkan germ in Macedonian revolu
tionists.
Edith— I was asked to sing last even
ing and when I had done so I was com
plimented in the highest terms by
everybody in the room. ;/,:/;
Bertha— And yet there are people
who say there ¦. is no such thing as
Christian charity in~ this world!—Bos
ton Transcript.
Those Boston Girls.
All Right!
Miss Rapidde (in dark hall)— O-o-o-h,
mercy! Who is that?
Bob Gaylelgh — Jack the Hugger! .
Miss Rapidde — Oh, how you scared
me!. Come right in here, -where we
shan't be disturbed. — Town Topics.
The witty friends of a Sioux City bridegroom manacled the
happy benedict's hands just as he started on his wedding tour and
left him to fume in impotent wrath for hours of traveling. Imagine
his torture when he found himself unable to pick the rice out of his
Music at the Park.
The following programme will be
rendered by the Golden Gate Park
band this afternoon:
PARTI.
March. ••Commandery-'. ~^;^£~ tkln
(Dedicated to California Commandery
Ho. 1, K. T.)
Overture. "Raymond" I*!? 0 ™"
Waltz. "Wiener Burger". .....Zlehrer
Solo for trombone, selected Louis Klot*
Grand fantasle, "Pagllaccl" Leoncovalla
PART II.
Overture. 'Test" .Lassen
"Fatlec- «!e Copr>ella" Deiibei
(a) "March of the Toys" from "Babes la
Toyland," (b) "Panamerlcana." char
acteristic • Herbert
Sel-ctlon "The Burgomaster" Ludera
Detcrii>tl've fantasia. "The Cavalry Charge"
: Luders
"America."
LAND IN CALIFORNIA— A Read
er, City. To ascertain what vacant land
there Is in California write to either of
the United States land offices In the
State for a plat of land that is open in
the particular district in which the of
fice Is located. These offices are located
at Eureka. Independence. Los Angeles.
Marysville. Redding, Sacramento. San
Francisco. Stockton, Susanville and
Vlsalla. Plats cost Jl each. Informa
tion relative to. the taking up of land
may be obtained on application to any
of these offices.
With delicious unconsciousness a London paper prints the story
that in Arkansas watermelons run so wild that the farmers have to
build pitfalls about their houses to prevent their being overrun by
the succulent vegetable. Our English cousins are still impervious
to American humor.
IMMIGRATION— Reader. City. Dur
ing what Is known as the gold period
in California. 1S4S-1854. the immigra
tion to the United States was as fol
lows: 1343. 226,527; 1349. 297.024: 1850.
369,986; 1831, 379,466; 1852. 371,603; 1353.
368,645; 1854, 427.833.
ARIZONA— G. L. W., City. The
bill to admit Arizona to statehood did
not pass.
Wife— What Is meant, John, by the
phrase "Carrying coals to Newcastle"?
Husband— It is a metaphor, my dear,
showing the doing of something that
is unnecessary.
/Wife — I v don't exactly understand.
Give me an illustration— a familiar one.
Husband — Well, if I were to bring
you home a book entitled "How to
Talk," that would be carrying coals to
Newcastle.— London Tit-Bits.
An Illustration.
"Yes," answered the man with a
square Jaw. "Nobody is going to pay
you as much for picking up a rock and
telling you what geological period it
belongs to as he will for directing him
to a market that will take it up as a
building material."— Washington Star.
Theory and Practice.
"The rewards of science are but
scant," said the man with the high
forehead.
Resolved to stop the practice of
kissing, a dozen pretty Lexington, Ga.,
girls, who decided that it was a silly
custom, have organized an antl-klssing
club and adopted a rigorous constitu
tion, some of the clauses of which are:
The object of this club is to promote
hygiene, candor, saneness and finance
among members.
Each member shall sign the following
pledge with her own blood, secured
from her lips:
"I pledge myself to never kiss any
one except father, mother, brothers,
sisters, husband and children.
"I pledge myself furthermore to never
kiss my betrothed until I have become
his wife. " .':_.'. '-\
"If I fail to keep this pledge I will
pay a fine of $25 and ask the club to
erase my name from the roll."
On the marriage of any member of
this club, each member shall pay $5 to
the treasurer,' who shall present the
amount as a bridal gift to the bride.
The amount paid in by those who fail
to keep the pledge shall be held by the
treasurer as a fund to be .divided
among those who prefer spinsterhood.
Any member who applies for divorce
shall pay to the treasurer. $50 and have
s»er name removed from the roll. .
Old Mother Smiles-at-Woe, the old
est member of the Wlnnebago tribe. Is
living with her people on a reservation
in Nebraska. She is 107 years old and
is the only living Indian so far as
known who was with the original Six
Nations in New York State. The Win
nebagos had their origin in the famous
old Iroquois, and in their unhappy
peregrinations, ending at the Nebraska
reservation. Mother Smlles-at-Woe has
remained with them. She has shunned
the vices which the younger people
have acquired, and to this fact i3
ascribed her longevity.
LIFE'S BRIGHTER SIDE.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
ANTI-KISSING CLUB.
HOW SHE KEEPS YOUNG
THE CHIFFON FLOWER GIRL.
Yon Yor.son ban saying last veek.
"Dis Democrat ticket ban fln#!"
Ay tal him. "Ay hear vat you speak.
But none of these geezers for mine!**
Ay know ven ay pot a pnde yob
. An so ay ant kickins. yu see.
Dis Husewett ant like Guvnor Bob-
He ban a glide faller to me.
Bill Bryan ban talking all day
'Bout capital making big trust.
Ay ant giving dam vat he say —
Ay know ay ban making the dust.
And so ay skol wotinsr dis fall
For Rusewelt and gude G. O. P.
Ay can't turn his picture to vail —
He ban a gude faller to me.
—Milwaukee Sentinel.
Yudge Parker ban qvittins his yob
To do di« har President stunt;
lie ban qvite a foxy old lob
And alvays put on a gudc front.
Eut Teddy ban president now —
Ay vant him to stay dar. by ye#!
Ven yu're happy don't start any row-
He ban a Rude faller to me.
NORSK NIGHTINGALE.
Have you tried making tea like this?
Moisten an ounce of tea. finely ground,
with cold water and let it stand for
twenty minutes. Then pour on the tea
a scant pint of boiling water, and in
one minute it is ready to drink.
MAKING TEA.
NOW that the British "mission" hasVoncluded its business with
the titular head of the Government of Tibet and turned to
breast the passes back into India before the snows come down,
statesmen in far-away England are gravely seeking to discover
whether or not the game has been worth the candle. True, the
armed commercial envoys have exacted Tibetan agreement to the
letter of a treaty which gives England trade precedence in that
bleak country over all comers, notably Russia; true also that with
characteristic frugality the leaders of the invasion have wrested
from the Tibetans indemnity enough to cover the cost of the long
transmontane march ; but what are some of the by-products of the
affair so expeditiously consummated?
The Dalai Lama, whatever may be his personal unfitness for the
station, occupies toward the Buddhistic world a position nearly com
parable to that of the great medieval popes in Christendom. To
tens of thousands of Great Britain's subjects in India the name of
this great high priest of Buddha is hedged about with a sanctity that
embodies all the intense mysticism of the Oriental mind. By their
armed entrance inio the Forbidden City, against the desire rf the
Dalai Lama and to the detriment of his peace of mind, the Young
husband rxpedilirn trenched upon that sacred being's prerogatives
to a degree that must seem nothing short of impious to the stern
religionists of the great sect.
In China, on the other hand, the followers of Buddha divide with
the Shintoists the religious convictions of countless hordes of people.
The Chinese Buddhists will take to heart the violation of their high
priest's dignity no less keenly than the Indians. England has grow
ing interests in the yellow empire of far weightier import than the
petty question of trade with an ice-bound principality on the roof
of the world. How the recent high-handed treatment of sacred
personages in this Mecca of the Buddhists is going to react on
England's sphere of influence there, as well as upon her subjects in
India, is a matter for present conjecture. Some London papers voice
the .sentiment that the fiddler has yet to be paid for the little military
dance up among the clouds of Thibet.
PAYING THE FIDDLER.
This is made by whipping two whltt-s
of eggs with two small cups of sugar
and two tart apples grated. Whip the
whc-le until it Is firm. Flavor with
lemon or vanilla and serve with soft
custard sauce.
APPLE SNOW.
Cook one-half cup of rice twenty
minutes In plenty of boiling salted
water. Drain and put in the double
boiler, with a half cup of rich milk.
Cook until the rice is soft and the milk
absorbed. Sweeten lightly and season
with a few drops of vanilla, two tea
•spoonfuls of preserved ginger Juice
and a few drops of lemon juice. Turn
into a mold to cool. Drain a quarter of
stewed pears free from juice, fill their
centers with preserved ginger chopped
fine and moistened with a teaspoonful
of orange Juice. Turn the rice Into a
low glass dish, arrange the pears about
it and garnish with ginger and whip
ped cream.
DRESSMAKERS as well as mil
liners are finding that the possi
bilities of chiffon are almost In
exhaustible and the newest and
perhaps most novel use of this
lovely and perishable material is
In the making of chiffon flowers.
There Is an airiness and delicacy about
these chiffon roses and other flowers
that quite surpass any other artificial
flowers and makes them exceedingly
attractive for trimming hats and ball
gowns. At present they are being used
wherever possible on women's gowns,
and their popularity is proven by the
fact that many wedding gowns turned
out by noted costumers are decorated
in some way with these dainty hand
made posies.
Almost any of the flowers — roses, dah
lias, snowdrops, fuchsias, sweet peas or
geraniums — mar be made of chiffon,
and good results may be achieved by
the ordinary girl who is possessed of
patience, clever flngero and deftness
with the needle. In making thesfe flow
ers there is not only the delight of be
ing able to fashion dainty things, but
a real saving in personal expenditure.
Roses are perhaps the most popular
and about the easiest to make. For
these, parts of old w rs, stems, leaves
and calyxes may be used, but if not at
hand all that is needed is a spool of
green mounting wire and some of the
green calyxes that can be purchased
for a few cents in the shops. To make
a bunch of four roses will require
three-quarters of a yard of chiffon of
any preferred color, white, pink, red or
yellow. In beginning the rose fold the
chiffon width so that it is three-quar
ters long by four inches wide. Measure
along the selvedges five inches and cut
straight through the width; repeat this
three times. Take one of the five-inch
pieces, fold, cut edge to edge, and run
a thread through both of them to hold
them together. Be sure and let the
material be slightly eased on the thread
before manipulating it into form.
Now take one end at the cut edges
Sweet peas are easily made, as only
two petals are required, one like the
geranium petal and a square puff in
front of it. The variegated effect of
these pretty flowers can be obtained
by using chiffons in two colors, one
over the other, as, for instance, the
wing could be made of pink over
white, the lobe, or lower one, of white
over pink, and so on. In bunches
these chiffon sweet peas are very love
ly and pay for the time and trouble
expended in making them.
In fuchsias the petals forming the
cup are made on the same lines as
those of the geranium, except that it
is necessary they should overlap each
other. Be sure to get the long, nar
row effect peculiar to those blossoms.
Sometimes this difficulty is met by
making petals of velvet. The green
part that comes next before the green
calyx may also be of velvet. The
petals are gummed on between outer
rows of petals and calyx. Threads of
colored silk with knots at the end
should be put through the center to
finish the flower. They should be left
at unequal lengths.
Dahlias, forget-me-nots, violets and
other flowers having small petals are
easily made if one only follows the
lines laid down in the making of pa
per flowers, there being only one gold
en rule to observe — get as near to the
real form and coloring as possible.
and slowly roll up the length with
the thumb and first finger of the right
hand until the heart is formed. Do
this rather tightly at first, then more
and more loosely near the finish, tak
ing care to keep the folds even at the
top. Now bring the folds of chiffon
together at the bottom, and, taking
the rose In the left hand, twist a piece
of mounting wire over the chiffon, just
above the line of stitches, and very
tightly draw it down to the last tiny
raw edge of chiffon. Crook a piece of
mounting wire, or the wire with a
piece of tubing, if you have it; secure
the base of the rose on top of the
crook firmly, and slip over the stem
a green calyx. Now take a 4 iece of
green chiffon about half an inch wide,
place one "end close to the calyx and
wind the stem evenly and secure with
a thread and needle to prevent un
raveling. You will then have the fin
ished rose.
PEAR DESSERT.
DAINTY CHIFFON POSIES FOR GOWNS
To prepare this attractive dish taka
a little spinach that has been cooked
and drained, and while still hot press
with a spoon to extract the green col
oring matter. Rub enough of this
liquid, with some black pepper. Into a
Philadelphia cream cheese, to give It a
delicate green color. Shape into balls
the size of robin's eggs. With clean,
sharp scissors cut crisp lettuce leaves
into shreds and arrange them in nests
on a pretty plate. Place five eggs In
each nest and cover with a little may
onnaise or French dressing. Serve
cheese straws with this salad.
BIRD'S NEST SALAD.
Lingerie is more attractive than ever
this season. Most exquisite materials
are used, and the hand embroidery has
reached a rare degree of perfection.
LINGERIE.
COPYRIGHT. 1904. BY SPECIAL. ARRANGEMENT OF THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL. WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL,.
Beyond a doubt velvet hats win be
extensively worn during the- coming
season, the lighter weight chiffon vel
vets being used for shirred and draped
hats, while heavier velvets are more at
tractive when drawn plain over the
brims or crowns.
VELVET HATS.
AS the date of the Presidential election draws near, the issues
before the country tend to become more definite and precise
as fundamental principles and policies emerge from the mere
verbiage of attack and recrimination. The true and responsible
voice of the country has now made itself unmistakably heard in its
demand for a continuity of the policy which has already placed
America in the forefront of the world's progress. The supreme re
quisite of the moment is not for the political patent medicines nor
for the party sleight of hand by which the Democrats have so un
successfully sought to impose upon the sagacity of the nation, but
rather for a guarantee of continuity, and for the assurance that
there will be no meddling with the fiscal system which has been
proved to lie at the very roots of the national prosperity.
Continuity and consistency are as essential to business enter
prise as is a firm foundation for a building. • Nothing is so justifiably
apprehensive of change and shock as the vast commercial edifice of
a nation ; nothing is so easily and immediately discouraged, confused
and checked. That the country does not anticipate a disturbance,
which would be nothing short of a national calamity, is sufficiently
shown by trade reports, and by all those other indices which most
actually demonstrate the existing business situation.
The New York State Department of Labor, which has a pecul
iarly representative character, shows, for example, an unusual activ
ity in ever}' department which it covers. So far from there being
a depression in business circles there is a very unusual activity, and
this is peculiarly significant coming as it does after a period of
phenomenally good times when some reaction might reasonably be
expected. If there were any general doubt as to the electoral results
we should see an inevitable nervous reticence on the part of capital
and enterprise, which would react disastrously upon the labor mar
ket. That there is no such doubt is proved by a general activity
and confidence, and by the fact that an unpreccdentedly small num
ber of men are out of work. Such a showing would be impossible if
there were any anticipation of a change.
The claims of the Democratic party to be intrusted with the
government of the country would perhaps carry greater weight if
it first showed some capacitj- for governing itself, some power of
unselfish cohesion in support of a basic principle, some faculty for
subordination and controlling the self-seeking elements of its own
ranks. The necessity of self-mastery applies even more forcibly to
a political party than to the individual, but the only unity which the
Democratic party has so far displayed is in menace, criticism and
destruction. Its only unanimity is in unscrupulous and personal
attack, in its efforts to place the country in the worst possible light ;
to array class against class and interest against interest ; to mag
nify discord wherever it is to be found and to create it where it
does not now exist. A party banner which has become a mere
rallying point and meeting ground for all the disrupting forces of
greed and discontent is not one to commend itself to a commercial
people, nor is it likely to win the sympathy of those who ask nothing
more of the Government than that simple stability of policy and of
intention which will enable them to forecast the future with reason
able confidence. This is of course the very breath of life to every
business community.
Of responsible and constructive policy the Democratic party
appears to have no trace whatever, and it could perhaps meet with
no worse fate than to be called upon to face its own discords and
to reconcile its own internal, conflicting and mutually destructive
policies. Its advocates have no more alluring prospect to offer
than a long and ruinous term of tariff meddling, which would par
alyze commercial activity, shatter every trade relation, whether do
mestic or foreign, and supplant the general confidence which now
prevails by widespread and well-grounded apprehension and dis
trust. We have seen the extent to which a political campaign may
be carried on by mere stone-throwing, but we are not likely to be
persuaded that a country can be governed by the same means.
The Republican party — the party of deed and accomplishment —
needs to-day no special pleading and no defense other than that
which is triumphantly afforded by every index of prosperity and by
the dominant position which the country incontestably occupies in
the councils of the world. It has no warring factions to be fed and ap
peased: no personal or sectional interests which must be gratified
at the expense of the country's well being. It presents a united pol
icy of enlightened patriotism of which the future is guaranteed by
the past..
THE COMING CONFLICT.
"We had been married Just a month,
and my inquiries as to all his doings
during the day had begun to draw
forth remarks about woman's prover
bial curiosity, when, one evening after
teaTwas on the table. I picked up the
evening paper and found a recipe for
"prune whip." which I cut out and laid
away for future use.
After the head of the house had
changed his coat, donned his slippers.
eaten and made himself comfortable for
a cozy evening with his newspaper, he
asked. ""What did you cut out of my
paper?"
"Oh. something that would not be at
all proper for you to read," I replied.
"Well. I guess I'll read what I choose.
Please get it."
I refused, and things grew uncom
fortable, and when I returned from the
kitchen I found an empty chair, empty
slippers and a discarded paper. About
an hour after the head of the house
returned and with a particularly Jubi
lant air opened a brand new news
paper. He scanned column after column
eagerly until he found a recipe for
"prune whip." Now when the head* of
the house becomes any way domineer
ing I feed him on "prune whip." — Eliz
abeth Ogllvle, In Good Housekeeping.
RIDING FOR A FALL
A YOUNG HUSBAND'S
CURIOSITY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOIIX D. SPKECKEL.S Proprietor
"~~ ADDRESS ALIj COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOn\ McN'AUGHT - MaMgw
TUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AXD MARKET STREETS. BAX FRANCISCO
SUNDAY OCTOBER 9, 1904
22j THE REV. HENRY H. WYMAN.
/
them into peaceable and industrious
peoples, if it has abolished the curse of
slavery left by the old corrupt civiliza
tion of paganism, and has given to us
the accumulated wisdom of past ages
which but for it would have been de
stroyed, ma*y we not conclude that its
mission is divine and that its laws fur
nish a safe rule of human conduct?
Its wisdom inspired the establishment
of the great universities and schools
with which the civilized world is filled
to-day. It has done more to promote
the arts and sciences than all the civil
institutions In the world.
Furthermore, marriage, an integral
component of the religious system, is
not only the normal source of increas
ing the members in our population,
but it determines essentially the char
acter and quality of the members of
society. Its legitimate fruits, there
fore, are not produced unless it is a
relation as enduring as the lives of
the narties who enter it. To lessen Its
bond means to impair the lives and
fortunes of its people more exten
sively in the long un than the worst
epidemics of disease ever known.
Next to the marriage relation itself
the ties of consanguinity are the most
useful and strengthening cords by
which society is held together. They
are the greatest safeguards of that
mutual co-operation by which prop
erty is Justly distributed. Industry is
promoted under the strongest incen
tives in the efforts of parents to pro
vide for their children, and the safest
insurance of a competence In old age
is secured by having a large family
of dutiful children. For the poorer
classes early and prolific marriages
are the greatest boon; they sweeten
toil by causing it to yield its most
beneficent fruits. The numerous
beneficiary societies which flourish to
day are only an artificial substitute
for the mutual help which marriage
and consanguinity naturally and much
more efficaciously provide.
Would that this beneficent author
ity had never been set aside, for then
the civil power would never have lost
the respect of the people, nor would
so many wars have been fomented to
blight the earth with desolation and
death. Nor, again, would multitudes
have become so demoralized by dis
obedience to law and idleness that In
these days of plenty the land is filled
with homeless vagabonds not willing
to labor and not ashamed to beg. Pov
erty then would not be associated, aa
it often is. with our boasted progress,
which, if it be a blessing, should make
the conditions of all men more happy
and prosperous.
By the REV. HENRY H. WYMAN, C. S.- P., Rector St. Mary's (Paulist) Church. •
SOURCE AND STABILITY OF SOCIAL WELFARE
thin enough to go around, they got
what nobody else wanted. They got
plinty iv fresh air playin' in allays an*
vacant lots an' ivry wanst in awhile
they were allowed to go down an'
fall into th' river. No attintion was
paid to their dite. Th' prisint race iv
hayroes' who are now startlin' th'
wurruld in fi-nance, polytics, th' art3
an' sciences, burglary an' lithrachoor
was brought up on wathermillen rinds,
speckled apples, raw onions, stolen
fr'm th' grocer, an' cocoanut pie.
Their nursery was th' back yard.
They larned to walk as soon as they
were able an' if they got bow-legged
ivrybody said they wud be sthrong
men. As f'r annybody previntin' a
fond parent fr'm comin' home Satur
dah night an' wallowin' in his beau
cheous child, th' docthor that sug
gisted it wud have to move. 'No, sir,*
says I, 'get as much amusement as
ye can out iv ye'er infant/ says I.
'Teach him to love ye now/ I says,
'before he knows. Afther awhile he'll
get onto ye an' it'll be too late.' "
"Ye know a lot about it," said Mr.
Hennessy.
"I do," said Mr. Dooley. "Not bein*
an author, I'm a gr-reat critic."
'how they-ve got it rayjooced to a
science. They can almost make a
short baby long or a blonde baby
black be addin' to or rayjoocin' th'
amount of protides an' caseens in th'
milk,' he says. "Haven't ye iver
kissed ye'er young?' says I. 'Wanst
in awhile,' he says, 'whin I'm thurly
disinfected, I go up an' blow a kiss
at him through th' window,' he says.
'" 'Well,' says I, 'it may be all right,'
I says, 'but if I cud have a son an'
heir without causin' talk I bet ve I'd
not apply fr a permit fr'm th' Health
Board f'r him an' me to come to
gether. Parents was made befure
ehildher annyhow. an' they have a
prire claim to be considhered. Sure,
it may be a good thing to bring thim
up on a sanitary plan, but it seems
to me that they got along all right
in th' ol' days whin number two had
just larned to fall down stairs at th'
time number three enthered th' wur
ruld. Maybe they were sthronger thin
they ar-re now. Th' docthor niver
pratinded to see whether th' milk was
proprly biled. He cudden't very well.
Th' childher was allowed to set up at
th' table an' have a good cup iv tay
an' a pickle at two. If there was more
ents may not be worthy iv th' love
iv a thurly sturlized child. An' in
fant's first jooty is to th' doctor to
whom it owes its bein' an' stayin.'
Childher ar-re imitative an' if they see
much iv their parents they may grow
up to look like thim. That wud be a
great misfortune. If parents see their
ehildher befure they enther Harvard,
they ar-re f'rbidden to teach thim
foolish wurruds like "poppa" an'
"momma." At two a properly brought
up child shud be able to articulate in
distinctly th' wurruds "Docthor Bolt
on th' Care an' Feedin' iv Infants,"
which is betther thin sayin' "momma"
an' more exact.
" 'Gr-reat care shud be taken iv th'
infant's food. Durin' th' first two
years, it shud have nawthin' but milk.
At three a little canary bur-rd seed
can be added. At five an egg ivry
other Choosdah. At siven an orange.
At twelve th' child may ate a shredded
biscuit. At forty th' little tot may
have stewed prunes. An' so on. At
no time, howiver, shud th' child be
stuffed with green gages, pork an'
beans, onions, Boston baked brown
bread," saleratus biscuit or other food.
" 'It's wondherful.' says Hogan,
up half th' ehildher in Archey road.
'In the ol' days,' says -he, 'ehildher
was brought up catch as catch can,'
he says. 'But it's different now.
They're as carefully watched as a
geeranyum in a consarvatory," he says.
'Here it is. Th' first thing that shud
be done f'r a child is to deprive it iv
its parents. Th' less th' infant sees
iv poppa an' momma, th' betther f'r
him. If they ar-re so base as to want
to look at th' little darlin,' they shud
first be examined be a competent
physician to see that there is nawthin'
wrong with thim tha't they cud give
th' baby. They will thin take a bath
iv sulphuric acid, an' havin' carefully
attired thimselves in a sturlized rub
ber suit, they will approach within
eight feet iv th' objeck iv their ig
noble affection an' lave at wanst. In
no case mus' they kiss, hug or fondle
their projeny. Many diseases, such
as lumbago, pain in th' chist, pre
machoor baldness, senile decrepitude,
which are privalent among adults,
can be communicated to a child fr'm
th' parent. Besides it is bad f'r th'
moral nature iv th' infant. Affection
f'r its parents is wan iv th' mos' dan
gerous symptoms iv rickets. Th' par-
cordance with the richest possiblitles
of human development.
Philosophy and history teach us that
a social bond like that of the family
has for its object not only the material
welfare of the members of it, but also
their moral improvement; and it fur
thermore establishes order in the vari
ous acts of men. Hence we conclude
that religion is necessary for man's
social well-being because it is the
foundation of his moral conviction and
conduct upon which the stability of
human society depends.
If the ideas of moral responsibility
and obligation which religion has in
culcated in the minds and conscience
of men were wholly obliterated society
could not be held together. The author
of nature must therefore also be the
author of society and religion, and the
great social problem of this age, as it
has been of every other, must be to es
tablish harmony between them.
If the theories of such men as Pro
fessor Haeckel, author of "The Riddle
of the Universe," and of our own Pro
fessor Edgar L. Larkin, were univers
ally accepted, universities and observ
atories could not exist.
If religion has been able, through the
Gospel, to carry civilization to the most
degraded savages, and has transformed
in physics. The many phases of elec
trical energy were shown to intensely
lnterested audiences in forty-four lec
tures. Chemistry, metallurgy and do
mestic science were each treated six
times. Textile fabrics, mining, pho
tography, lithography, the making of
a newspaper, the building of a ship
and navigation claimed twenty lec
tures. A large number of discourses
were given on history, ancient, modern
and American. More than sixty were
delivered on sociology, twenty-two on
education and 134 on literature.
Devotees of music and art were re
galed respectively by eighty-five and
sixty- five lectures. In this great
work of blending instruction and
entertainment the topic which ap
pealed moat powerfully to the
large number without specialized
tastes or definite cultural aims
was descriptive geography. Fully 250
lectures were given by men and
women travelers illustrative of their
travels in North. Central and South
America, Europe, Asia and Africa.
For this purpose the stereopticon was
an invariable and invaluable assist
ant All scientific lectures are abund
antly illustrated by experiments.
One of the immediate effects of
these addresses is the great stimulus
to calls for books bearing upon the
various subjects presented. To meet
this demand the public library and its
numerous branches provide a large
number of books, which are loaned
at the close of the meeting. At the
end of a certain electrical talk 200
copies of a standard electrical work
were loaned or sold at cost.
Who are f the attendants at these
places of Instruction? Young men
problem. Some of the old school
houses have auditoriums, though usu
ally they are located at the top of
the building. The new schoolhouses
are all provided with assembly halls,
generally being placed on the ground
floor. Churches are glad to give the
ura of. their halls and chapels to fur
ther such educational efforts.
Better evidence of the value of
these lectures to uplift and Inspire their
attendants can hardly be given than
by culling a few extracts from thou
sands of letters received by Dr. Leip
ziger: "The lectures are a boon to
us mothers. They keep us in touch
with our sons and daughters at high
school."
"I work hard all day and the look
ing forward to this entertainment
once or more times a week proves a
sweetener of labor."
A teacher writes: "I do not think I
can show my appreciation more fully
than by the' fact that in spite of being
tired out when Friday night comes,
and notwithstanding other engage
ments, I simply could not .'stay away
from one of the lectures. My only re
gret is that they end so soon."
"I am a busy housewife and the
lectures have created for me a dif
ferent atmosphere and have afforded
about the only amusement that has
come into my life. The knowledge
there received so freely has broadened
my range of thought and enables me
to answer more fully the many ques
tions of my children."
"I haven't had any education to speak
of exceDt that which I manage to pick
up here and there. I am 31 years 'old,
and appreciate now very much any
form' in which I gather it. I am trying
predominate when electricity, pho
tography or other practical topics are
discussed; women when historical
or literary subjects are' presented;
matrons when the care of dhildren is
taught; all classes are present when
the lecturer appeals to the human ele
ment of sympathy in life and its thrill
ing experiences.
Who are the lecturers? Largely
professors and teachers but also in
cluding professional men, journalists,
inventors and travelers. Those who
possess specialized knowledge, who
have the ability to clearly present it
to others and who also have the deli
cate charm of sympathetic touch with
subject and audience. None others
are invited to speak twice.
One lecturer delivered his address
in French; fourteen others gave theirs
in Yiddish, and sixteen more spoke in
Italian. The fees paid the lecturers
are moderate. Probably $10 Is the
average sum.
The administration of this system
requires consummate wisdom and
tact. In Dr. Henry M. Leipziger. su
pervisor in charge. New York has
found V such a masterful leader, who
since assuming care of the system in
1890 has made the -vork an unquali
fied success. Deputy supervisors, who
are usually local teachers, are present
and have the responsibility of every
lecture occasion. Ordinarily the lec
ture term begins in October and ends
in April. : Jg£
The lecture work is now recognized
in the charter as an integral part of
the educational system of New York.
To find desirable places for these
assemblies that are easily^ accessible,
capacious and convenient has been a
ON the authority of the
French papers, a new
science of "scarpol
ogy" has been invented
by Dr. Garre of Basel,
a Swiss scientist. The
name is' taken from the Italian word
for an old shoe, scarpaccis, the di
minutive of ecarpa. He claims for it
edge and those that were worn down
at the heel. By arguing from the
known to the unknown, by comparing:,
deducing and contrasting, he was at
last able to lay down the broad line of
the science. He passed long hours
among his old boots, amplifying and
extending the rules he had discovered,
inventing fresh ones and accounting
for contradictious.
more frequent that the sole on one
side is worn like a wafer, while on the
other side it is of normal thickness,
and the heel is sliced on to a wedge.
A person having bow legs .will nat
urally walk on the outside edge of
the shoe. Such persons, says the
learned doctor, ; "are obstinate and
headstrong. They are ambitious and
take;up any scheme, where they think
there is profit. In fact if the soles
and heels are worn along their en
tire length the wearer is, no doubt, an
adventurer. This \ is hard on sailors,
who are often bow' legged. The wom
en who tread on the outside of the
tfshoe have the same general character
in a less pronounced . form.
Dr. Garre first began his study of
hoots .by collecting ," a pair from each
stirred by passion. If the shoe belongs
to a woman and is thus evenly, worn
the wearer was chaste, unexpressive,
of simple tastes and a constant mind:
one who is content never to wander
from her own fireside. So far the sci
ence has taught nothing that an ordi
narily observant person could not
have found out for. himself without ex
amining footgear. However, it is far
relative, male and female. To this
collection he -added well worn shoes
belonging to various prominent person
ages. In most cases some character
istic of the owner was known to him
and ticketed upon the shoes. When
the shelves were full the doctor set to
work to classify his acquisitions. He
sorted out those that /were worn even
ly, those that were worn on the outer
that It is as "exact" as phrenology or
chiromancy. Broadly stated, the fun
damental principles of the art are as
follows: If the soles and heels are
worn evenly and there is no undue
tendency to thinness in any part Dr.
Garre is able to assert that the wearer
was a steady, respectable, methodical
business man of regular habits, a man
of even temper, seldom or never
STUDY OF OLD SHOES RESULTS IN NEW SCIENCE KNOWN AS SCARPOLOGY
Women decide to adopt the report of
their committee and to endeavor to
secure the establishment of popular
Itcture courses in this city the ques
tion arises whether such a project can
be made successful. Possibly It will
be contended In opposition that such
a system will be costly, that climatio
features indispose the people from
seeking such methods of recreation and
enlightenment and, finally, that there
are but few suitable places which are
available for lecture audiences of this
type.
This last objection is at present &
valid one. but it will be recalled there
is an old adage that "Where there - a
will there is a way." Instant success
must not .be expected, but difficulties
melt away before determined persons
and this hindrance can certainly be
overcome. The same obstacles have
been encountered in New York and
have been surmounted. It is a fortu
nate thing for San Francisco that dis
cussion of such an innovation comes
up before the adoption of the plans
for the new school buildings.
In the light of the long experience of
Dr. Lelpziger in this field his recent
words are emphatic: "No problem to
day is more important than that of the
continuous education of the great body
of men and women who must earn their
livelihood. All these need to have their
drudgery beautified, thetr routine dig
nified, and taught to believe that noth
ing is menial or low. and this can be
done only by idealizing service through
knowledge, and thus it may be hoped
that the schoolhouae of the future may
become not only the piace of instruc
tion for children, but a place of intel
ligent resort for tnen and women."
at this age to overcome as much as I
can my colossal ignorance, and I have
attended all the lectures I could find
time for in the last three months."
"I have Joined a library since hear
ing these lectures and have read up the
subjects well. A man who elevates his
fellow men to a higher plane is, indeed,
a benefactor of men, and such a man
is he who instituted these lectures for
the people."
"My mother and I attended the lec
ture on 'The Ministry of Birds,' which
was very good, like all others, and since
then we have a wooden box on our fire
escape, always containing crumbs for
the birds and a glass of water."
"The benefit I derive from the lec
tures thousands of others who have no
other opportunity derive also. To work
all day, and at night when all tired
out to sit down at a book and study
is no easy thing, but to hear a lecture
from which you gain twice as much as
you would from the book, to say noth
ing of Its interest, is something many
take advantage of. and thus many
would be sadly disappointed were the
lectures discontinued."
"I have attended the lectures given
by the Board of Education for the past
ten years, and feel as if I had taken a
college course, I have learned so much.
It has created in me a desire for read
ing which I never possessed, and the
faculty of grasping things more read
ily. These lectures are a godsend to the
ignorant and those of neglected educa
tion." '2%_
In the report of the Mosely Commis
sion these popular lectures are referred
to in the strongest terms of commenda-"
tion.
If the San Francisco Council of
WHY should not the
city of San Fran
cisco establish free
courses of popular
lectures as a part
of its educational
system? This is the question now asked
by the local council of women of San
Francieco. Their committee appointed
last year in a late report have taken
strong ground that such a work should
be begun and maintained for the edu
cation of the adult population of this
city.
As a distinct educational influence
free lectures have long since passed
the experimental stage in New York,
Boston, Chicago and other cities. These
courses of lectures are an outgrowth of
a prevalent belief that our common
schools in cities are accomplishing but
part of their legitimate work. Instead
of being supported for the education of
children exclusively It is held that they
should aid in the education of the en
tire community- Stern necessity com
pels an early entrance by a large ma
jority of children into a life of toll.
Thereafter favoring opportunities to
gain in knowledge are few. except
through the public library. Boys and
pirls enter manhood and womanhood
and those only who are readers make
intellectual progress. Kow shall the
host of non-readers be reached? In
v hat way shall the increasing leisure
of the laboring classes be used for their
best advantage? "We are great cow
ards," says an educational leader, "if
we believe that the masses of the peo
ple kept in health by a wholesome
amount of daily toil, and once more
erect with eelf-respect, are going to
squander a leisure to which they bring
good health and high spirits and a so
cial heart." The adoption of a sys
trm of free lectures to the people fur
nishes a partial answer to these ques
tions.
Referring to the city of New York
alone for information concerning what
has been accomplished by free lectures
it may be noted that they have been
given in that city with increasing suc
cess for fifteen years. Beginning in
1889 with 1S6 lectures to audiences, num
bering in the aggregate 22.000 persons,
they have expanded in 1904 to 4665 lec
tures, given by 453 speakers in 143 dif
ferent places or lecture centers. The
total attendance has risen to the enor
mous figure of 1,134,000 persons.
The definite purpose of these lectures
is to stimulate study; to co-operate
with public libraries and museums; to
encourage discussion; to bring the best
methods of the best teachers to bear
upon the great problem of the diffu
sion of culture among all the citizens
of a great citV.
The themes developing the strong
est interest have been, first, facts
concerning the body and its care; then
natural science and its wonders; how
steam has been harnessed; how elec
tricity is made to serve mankind; how
the stars move in their courses. Every
country on the globe has been de
scribed by travelers. Speaking more
in detail, no less than eighteen courses
of lectures were given on "First Aid
to the Injured," besides others on
health topics. The engrossing subject
of nature study received the rapt at
tention of these city dwellers in thir
ty lectures. Sixteen were given in as
tronomy, sixteen in biology and forty
They Have Met With Splendid Success in Eastern Cities.
FREE POPULAR LECTURES 0IDS TO EDUCATION
the birth rate, which has gradually led
to great disasters. The decline of an
cient Israel dates from the close of the
reign of "Solomon in all his glory." The
splendor of the age of Pericles was
short-lived, and the Augustan age was
too brief for mankind to retain and
perpetuate its benefits. Society to-day
is as surely verging toward a collapse
even more dreadful than it has ever
suffered in the past unless there be a
universal reversion to the principles
and conduct enjoined upon mankind by
the law of nature. Even should a civ
ilized people respect nature's laws and
faithfully preserve the fecundity at
which nature alms, this, however, it is
universally conceded, is not enough for
the welfare of society. Mere physical
birth is not the birth of the whole man,
an intelligent creature endowed with
free will. His destiny is to work out in
himself his likeness to God until he is
united with the divine perfection, be
coming a "partaker of the nature of
God." God, says Holy Scripture, "made
the nations of the earth for health, and
there is no poison of destruction In
them, nor kingdom of hell upon the
earth." (Wisdom. i:14.)
Consequently we must include in our
calculations a system directing and
conserving the sources of society in ac-
THE problem of a great
city's water supply is two
fold. Unless nature has
been bountiful in her pro-
vision the energy of the
aqueduct builder is powerless to meet
the demand. Unless the system of mains
and conduits is thorough and generous
and diligently preserved in its efficiency,
nature's bounty is In vain.
In estimating the strength of the
modern social fabric we must firEt of all
look at the fecundity of our race. The
birth rate is the prime factor in social
development. Although each genera
tion passes away so quickly that society
as a. whole seems to be little affected
by it, yet the whole fabric rests upon
that primitive and natural union of the
Fexes by which offspring is generated
and reared. Consequently the more uni
versal and normal marriage is, the
stronger and purer society becomes. A
nation which depends chiefly upon im
migration for its increase of population
is as really becoming extinct as if It
were being exterminated by an invad
ing army.
Great as are the benefits which civ
ilization has conferred upon mankind,
its history nevertheless shows that ita
progress has repeatedly been marred by
a moral degeneracy directly affecting
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1904.
C0PYRI6HT, 1904, BY McCLDEE, PHILLIPS & CO.
BY F. P. DUNNE.
MR. DOOLEY ON THE BRINGING UP OF CHILDREN
''Well, ye know, Hinnissy. wan iv
th' things that has made me popylar
in th' vard is that I make a bluff at
adorin' ehildher. Between you an'
me I'd as lave salute a dish rag as
a recent infant, but I always do it.
So I put on an allurin 1 smile an' says
I, 'Well, little ol' goozy goo, will he
give his Dooleyums a kiss?' At that
minyit Hogan seized me be th' collar
an' dhragged me away fr'm th' cradle.
'Wud ye kil^ me child?' says he.
'How?' says I. 'With a kiss.' says he.
'Am I that bad,' says I. 'Don't yt
know that there ar-re mickrobes that
can be thransmitted to an infant in
a kiss?' says he. 'Well.' says I with
indignation, 'I'm not proud iv mesilf
as an antiseptic American.' I says,
'but in an encounter between me an'
that there young cannibal,' I says, 'I'll
lave it to th' boord iv health who
takes th' biggest chance,' I says, an'
we wint ont followed be a howl fr'm
th' projidy. 'He's singin',' says Ho
gan. 'He has lost his notes/ says I.
"Whin we got down stairs. Hogan
give me a lecture on th' bringin' up
iv ehildher. As though I needed it,
me that's been consulted on bringin'
at that,' says Hogan, 'he knows ye,'
he says.
jooced me to a toothless ol' gintle
man, who was settin' up in a cradle
atin' his right foot. 'Ain't he fine?'
says Hogan. 'Wondherful,' says I.
'Did ye iver see such an expressvon?'
says he. 'Niver/ says I, 'as Hiven
is me judge, niver.' 'Look at his
hair,' he says. 'I will/ says I. 'Ain't
his eyes beautiful?' 'They ar're,' I says.
'Ar-re they glass or on'y imitation?'
says I. 'An' thim cunning little feet,'
says he. 'On close inspiction,' says I,
'yes, they ar-re. They ar-re feet.
Ye'er offspring don't know it though.
He thinks that wan is a doughnut.'
'He's not as old as he looks.' says
Hogan. 'He cudden't be,' says I. 'He
looks old enough to be a Dimmycratic
candydate f'r Vice President. Why,
he's lost most iv his teeth.' I says.
'Go wan,' says he, 'he's just gettin'
thim. He has two uppers an' four
lowers,' he says. 'If he had a few
more, he'd be a sleepin' car,' says I.
'Does he speak?' says I. 'Sure,' says
Hogan. 'Say poppa,' he says. 'Gah,'
says young Hogan. 'Hear that?' says
Hogan; 'that's poppa.' 'Say momma,'
says he. 'Gah,' says th' projidy.
'That's momma,' says Hogan. 'See,
here's Misther Dooley,' says he.
'Blub,' says th' phenomynon. 'Look
OlD ye iver see a
man as proud iv
annything as Ho
gan is iv that kid
iv his?" said Mr.
Dooley.
"Wait till he's had iliven." said Mr.
llennessy.
"Oh, iv coorse/' said Mr. Dooley,
"ye have contirnpt f'r an amachoor
father that has on'y wan offspring.
An ol* profissyonal parent like ye
that's practically done nawthin' all
ye'er life but be a father to helpless
ehildher don't understand th' emotions
:v th' author iv a limited edition. But
Hogan don't care. So far as I am
able to judge fr'm what he says, his
is th' on'y perfect an' complete child
that has been projooced this cinchry.
He looks on you th' way Hinnery
James wud look on Mary Jane
Holmes.
"I wint around to see this here pro
jidy th' other day. Hogan met me
at th 1 dure. 'Wipe off ye'er feet." says
he. 'Why,' says I. 'Baby,' says he.
'Mikrobes,' he says. He thin con
ducted me to a basin iv water an'
insthructed me to wash me hands in
a preparation iv carbolic acid. Whin
1 was thurly perfumed, he inthra-
23The members of James G. Blaine
Circle of the Companions of the For
est of America will celebrate the sec
ond anniversary of its Institution by a
grand ball, to be given In Native Sons'
Hall on the erenlns of Wednesday
next
Anniversary Ball.
A suit for damages in the sum of
$20,146 was filed yesterday against the
Sacramento Electric. Gas and Railway
Company by Charles H. Buker and
Jvli> wife, Clara, the parents of Charles
Buker, who was killed on September
28. According to the complaint Buk
er, a teamster, was driving along Thir
teenth street, Sacramento, when his
hand came in contact with a live wire
hanging from one of the company's
poles. His death was Instantaneous.
The parents declare that their son
was their sole support.
Want Pay for Son's Death.
H. O. Havemeyer of New York, It Is
asserted, possesses the most costly col
lection of violins in the world,
Judge Troutt on Friday heard the di
rectors of a corporation ask legal sanc
tion to the violation of a by-law under
the plea that "they needed the
money."
The holders of over 450,000 shares
of the stock of the Pacific Jupiter Steel
Company — all but the holders of
eleven shares — passed a by-law provid
ing that no assessment should be
levied until the treasury stock was
sold. A year and a half later an as
sessment was levied though 250,000
shares of treasury stock remained un
sold. It was paid under protest. Now
the directors have levied another assess
ment, and stockholders— among them
many newspaper men— who bought un
der the by-law against assesment have
applied to the Superior Court for an
Injunction restraining its collection.
The directors of the company plead
that the by-law was never adopted, or
if it was adopted it Is invalid, and that
they need the money to pay debts,
though the "corporation has a plant
valued at $140,000. They admit that
the treasury stock has not been sold
and say it cannot be sold, as "It is not
worth a cent a bushel."
In a similar action commenced by
other stockholders Judge Murasky
held that the by-law was adopted, that
it was valid and binding and that an
injunction should be issued.
Judge Troutt has taken the matter
under advisement and will decide some
time next week whether directors of
a corporation can violate its by-laws
and assess stockholders who bought
stock under the representation that
there could be no assessment, merely
upon the plea that "they need the
money."
Judge Troutt to Decide Validity of As
sessment on Pacific Jupiter
Steel Shares.
DIRECTORS OF CORPORATION
UNDER STOCKHOLDERS' TIRE
The Paxalso Springs are always open. *
Quan Quock Wah Wants Xcw Trial.
Quan Quock Wah, one of the presi
dents of Chinese tongs, who was tried
and convicted on a charge of murder
for conspiring to kill Tom Tick of the
Chinese Educational Society in Rosa
alley on May, 1903. wants a new trial.
The motion was argued before Judge
Lawlor yesterday by Attorneys Gould
and Dunne for the defendant and At
torney Barrett for the prosecution.
One of the grounds is that three of
the jurors visited the scene of the
shooting during the progress of the
trial, although warned not to do so by
the Judge. The Judge will render his
decision to-morrow.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Joseph F. Miller against Lot
tie M. Miller for desertion; Ada B.
Clark against William M. Clark, de
sertion; Lou H. Galehouse against
Frank C. Galehouse, desertion; George
H. Harrington against Georgie An
nie Harrington, frequenting low re
sorts; Mabel L. Hatman against Frank
C. Hatman, neglect and desertion. Hat
man is a sailmaker, employed at Val
lejo and owns property on Filbert
street, near Franklin.
A -Dove Party.
California Assembly No. 1 of the La
dies of the National Union will give an
lows: Lot 25x97 feet, with Improve
ments, on west line of Eleventh street,
130 feet north of Harrison, for $4250; lot
and 5-room cottage on the south line
of Twenty-fifth street, 75 feet east of
Vermont, $3250; the northeast corner
of Forty-ninth avenue and L street,
22:6x120, for $3250; 50x100 feet on the
east line of Falcon avenue, 50 feet
south of Eagle, $1000; 25x150 feet on
the south line of Precita avenue, 450
feet east of Alabama street, $1000;
30x100 feet on the north line of Precita
avenue, 50 feet east of Mission, $1500;
26:8x114 on the north line of Twenty
seventh street, 101:6 west of Church,
$750; 25x160 feet on the west line of
View avenue, 300 feet north of Dia
mond, $750; 25x120 feet on the east line
of Forty-fifth avenue, 250 feet south of
T street, $250; 50x120 feet on the west
line of Berlin street, 175 feet south of
Ward, $500; 35x101 feet on the south
west corner of Douglass and Twenty
eight streets, $600; 40x120 feet on the
west line of Berlin street, 255 feet
south of Ward, $400; 25x120 feet on the
east line of Twenty-third avenue, 125
feet north of C street, $450; 25x120 feet
on the west line of Fortyisixth avenue,
250 feet south of T street, $300; four
lots, each 25x100 feet, on the west line
of Corbett avenue, 50 feet south of
Twenty-third street, $1800.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction
realty at their office, 20 Montgomery
street, next Tuesday. At referee's sale
they will offer the properties at 511, 513
and 515 Stockton street, at 509 Stockton
street and at 22, 64 and 254 Tehama
street. The property at 1779 Fifteenth
street will be offered at administra
tor's sale. Other properties to be sold
include two building lots on the east
side of Valencia street, 150 feet south
of Fourteenth; lot and residence at 2211
Broderick street; lot and dwellings at
1513 Leavenworth street; lot and tene
ments at 46 and 48 Norfolk street; the
southeast corner of Twenty-third and
Castro streets, and five properties of
the Louis M. Apgar estate, subject to
confirmation, and including lots in the
University Ho'mestead Extension and
Sunnyside Addition, in the Esc6n
ditti tract in San Mateo County, and
in the Broadway Terrace tract in Ala
ineda County, with a ranch of 4S0 acres
in Merced County.
On lots recently purchased from Sol
Getz & Son buildings are going up.
Mrs. Gearin of Portland, Or., so the
brokers report, will erect a 3-story
apartment house on a corner fronting
the Ocean boulevard. Mrs. Archie
Cambridge is having plans prepared
for a 3-story house on the corner of
Forty-ninth avenue boulevard and L
street. The lower floor will be occu
pied as a store, conducted by her son,
Archibald Cambridge. The two upper
floors will contain housekeeping apart
ments. K. A. Lundstrom intends to
erect several 1-story cottages for. rent
ing purposes on his two lots on the
Ocean boulevard.
DEALS IN INTERIOR.
A syndicate has bought 2284 acres of
marsh land of the Whitney-Hearst
holdings, in front of Belmont, San Ma
teo County. The syndicate will re
claim the land.
Rothermel & Co. have sold 4500 acres
near Ukiah for J. W. Preston to C. C.
Smith for $29,250; 4000 acres near Wil
lits, Mendocino County, for Charles
Herrmann to J. D. West for $18,000;
320 acres near Terminus Landing, San
Joaquin County, and 400 acres apposite
Bouldln Island, for A. H. Baily to Mc-
Nab & Co., through S. W. Newell, for
$23,000.
G. H. Umbsen & Co.'s country de
partment has sold to E. Wineman, 23,
800 acres of pasture and overflowed
lands on the Sacramento River, near
Knights Landing, for $96,000; also 240
acres in San Joaquin County for $8400.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have sold the
southeast corner of Washington and
Fourth streets, Oakland, 75x75 feet, for
$5500.
Oscar Heyman reports sales as fol-
Sales are reported by Langrebe, Mac-
Nevln & Jones as follows: Lot 25x80
feet and improvements on the south
line of Mission street, 120 feet west of
Seventh, for J. Lowney to J. Gordon, for
$12,500; 25x112:6 feet and two new flats
on the south line of Page street, 112:6
feet west of Ashbury, for Rafello Tar
delll to A. Coleman, for $8750; three
new flats with lot on the south line of
Page street, 50 feet west of Lyon, for
Edwin Solomon and James J. Darrell
to a client, for $12,500.
Baldwin & Stetson have made the
following sales: Lot 78:6x100 and im
provements on the west line of Mis
sion street, 85:2 south of Thirteenth,
Eli I. Hutchinson to H. Bonifield, $11,
300; lot 25x100 and improvements at
3991, 3993 and 3995 Seventeenth street,
Mrs. P. R. Glissinan to Mrs. Mary J.
Emmal, $10,500; lot 60x283:6 on the
southwest corner of Mission street and
Fair and California avenues, to Wil
liam Peters, $10,500, to be placed on
the market in conjunction with the ad
joining property, belonging to the same
owner; lot 25x112:6 and improvements
at 2820 and 2822 Harrison street, C. W.
Hogan to C. C. C. Amedee, $4750; lot
25x95 and improvements at 55 Pierce
street, William Wessell to George H.
Knorp, $4650; lot 25x105 and improve
ments at 1510 and 1510% Sanchez street,
Isidor Lipman to Mrs. Hattle Peyser,
$3900; lot 20x125 and improvements at
421 Tair Oaks street, Mrs. Hattie Pey
ser to E. Quent, $3100; lot 30x137:6 on
the south side of Green street, 137:6
east of Devlsadero, Thomas McMahon
to Mrs. Jennie Smith, $2500; lot 27:6x
110 and improvements at 64 Bernal ave
nue, the John Sweetman estate to Wil
liam R. Doran. $1100.
M. H. de Young has sold, through the
agency of A. J. Rich & Co., to W. R.
Brown, 30x110 feet on the east line of
Shrader street, 107:6 feet north of
Hayes, for $3300, and 25x100 feet on the
east line of Shrader street, 107:6 feet
north of Grove, for $2500.
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales: 50x120 on the northeast corner
of Forty-eighth avenue, Ocean boule
vard, and T street, to Lydla A. Jack
son; 60x107:6 on the southeast corner
of Forty-eighth avenue and P street,
to John A. Hampton; 25x120 on the
west line of Seventh avenue, 250 feet
south of J street, to N. C. Nielson;
25x120 on the west line of Eighteenth
avenue, 200 feet south of B street, to
D. K. Watkins; 25x100 on the southeast
line of Madrid street, 100 feet northeast
of Persia avenue, to J. B. Werendunk;
25x100 on the east line of Twelfth ave
nue, 275 feet north of J street, to John
and S. J. Matheson; 25x120 on the west
line of Forty-eighth avenue, 37:6 feet
south of L street, to A. Oliver; 37:6x
120 and improvements on the east line
of Forty-eighth avenue, 237:6 feet north
of«K street, to B. Hughes; 25x120 on
the west line of . Forty-eighth avenue,
87:6 feet south of L street, to W. B.
Crowley; 25x120 on the west line of
Forty-eighth avenue, 162:6 feet north
of K street, to Joseph W. McTigue.
A. J. Rich & Co. will act as the
agents of the Union Trust Company to
rent offices in the Union Trust build
ing on Market and Montgomery streets.
When additions to the structure are
completed nearly 200 offices will be open
for renting. The Southern Pacific Com
pany •will soon remove to the new
building of the Merchants' Exchange on
California street and will occupy nine
floors.
IN MMY SECTIONS.
Through the agency of Landgrebe,
MacNevins & Jones, Nicholas Ahrens
has sold to J. H. Bolig the southwest
corner of Steiner and Turk streets,
with improvements, the lot being 57:6x
106:3 feet, for about $30,000.
The Sutro estate tract north of Gold
en Gate Park and near the beach,
amounting to six and a half acres, re
cently sold, was purchased by Albert
Meyer and Louis Llpman. The land
will be put In shape for sale and will
be disposed of by Baldwin & Howell in
small holdings.
Baldwin & Howell have sold the resi
dence of Mrs. A. T. Tubbs, with three
acres of land, situated at the junction
of Baywood avenue and El Cerrito
road, in El Cerrito Park, San Mateo,
for $30,000.
OTHER CITY SAIjES.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold
for the W. A. Aldrich estate to Robert
Dalziel 73:9x81 feet and four-story
brick building on the southeast corner
of Mission street and Shaw alley for
$115,000. A. T. Green represented the
seller. Mr. Dalziel now owns, with ad
joining property, 73:9x160 feet, running
through to Minna street.
A. J. Rich & Co. have sold the Majes
tic Hotel, on the northwest corner of
Suter and Gough streets, to a client of
the Union Trust Company for about
$100,000. The house is under a lease of
fourteen years and pays $9900 a year in
rentals. It contains 120 rooms.
The sales of San Francisco realty in
September amounted to $3,270,061. The
transactions numbered 514. In the same
month the mortgages placed on city
properties amounted to 52,273,523, while
the releases were $1,364,794. The amount
of loans above releases was $900,000. The
general market conditions have not
changed materially in a month. Magee's
Real Estate Circular reports that activ
ity is not confined to any one section,
but buyers for business property in all
sections of the city are numerous. "The
continued activity in the outside lands
and homestead sections," says the Cir
cular, "Indicates that the buyer of
small means who is looking for a home
site is in the market, while the fact
that the monthly figures continue to
exceed $3,000,000, with no more than the
usual number of large sales, indicates
that the general market for property is
steady and strong."
The Starr estate has sold to a client
of Guy T. Wayman 50x100 feet on the
southeast line of Market street, 225 feet
northeast of Fourth, with three-story
brick building renting for $14,400 a year.
The price is $297,500. This is at the rate
of about $6000 a front foot for inside
property of less than the full depth, as
the lot does not run through to Steven
son street.
TOTAL DEALS FOR MONTH $3,273^29
Home Seekers Largely Assist to Make
Up Record for September.
SMALL REALTY BUYERS ARE MANY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1904.
Forget-Me-Xot Lodge of the Degree
of Honor will have "A Xight in Dixie"
in Its lodge room in the Red Men's
building on Golden Gate avenue next
Saturday night for the entertainment
of its members and friends. Coon
songs and coon specialties will be the
features of the programme.
A Night in Dixie.
Fall hats. 1904. Just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palact.*
entertainment and dove party in the
banquet hall of the Native Sons' build
ing on the night of Thursday next. An
unusually fine programme will be pre
sented with the idea of showing what
good entertainers the ladies of this
organization are.
24
"But it seems strange — "
"Strange or not, I mean Just what I
say. as any one can find out by writing
to me."
of all the doctor said. Made her lungs
heal End grow strong and put the flesh
back on her wasted body. Ordinarily
medical treatment seldom, if ever, cures
cancer. The surgeons may cut it away
again and ngain, but it comes back every
time, and brings death with it. But I
cure it, and I do not have to resort to
the butchery of the knife, either. I do
not have to cut flesh and scrape bones.
My treatment is easy, gentle, and gives
no pain, but the disease disappears. One
of my patients, Mrs. M. W. Nolen of
Covington. Ga.. was having her life eaten
away by a cancer. She saw nothing but
a terrible death before her when I took
her case. But I cured her. entirely and
permanently. Paralysis is another sup-
posedly incurable disease. A Mr. R. A.
Wallen of Finey. Mo., had been paralyzed
for over four years and nothing the doc-
tors could do gave him any relief. That
did not discourage me. I took the case
in the face of their verdict, and to-day
the man is walking ardund as well as
you or I. So it was with Mrs. L. A.
Phillips of Trawick. Tex. She had been
bedridden for five years; in 12 different
hospitals and under the treatment of va-
rious doctors who all failed to cure her
of the complication of diseases from
which she was suffering, including kid-
ney trouble, catarrh of the bladder,
gravel, female weakness, ulcers, chronic
indigestion and extreme . nervousness.
The medicine that doctors gave her did
her no good. But my treatment did. I
cured her, and she says I raised her from
the dead. These are only random cases
from the many hundreds I have cured,
and I mention them merely to show you
that it is a mistake to say that any dis-
ease is incurable. They may have been
incurable before I made my discovery,
but they are so no longer."
"But how do you make these marvel-
ous cures? What is this power that you
possers?" asked the visitor.
"It would take too long to tell you,
but here is a copy of a book I have writ-
ten describing my discovery and my
method of treatment. I do not sell it. I
had it printed for distribution among my
friends and patients and those who
might be interested in this study of a
new science. To them I am glad to give
it upon request. If reading the book
does not satisfy you and you want to
know more of how I cure any disease,
tell some one who Is sick to write to me.
I will go even further — tell any one who
is attacked by any disease, no matter
what It is. to write to me, telling me the
name of their trouble or their principal
symptoms, age and sex, addressing Prof.
Thomas F. Adkin, Office 546A, Rochester,
N. Y.. and I will prove my power to do
all that I claim, and I will give the
proof, without charging a cent for my
services."
"Do you mean that any one can accept
this offer?"
"I mean it for any one who is ill, from
any cause, and who feels that the doc-
tors do not understand the case, or who
does not want to pay doctors' or drug-
gists" bills."
"But how about those at a distance,
can you cure them, too?"
"Just as easily and Just as surely as
though they came to my office, whether
they live one or a thousand miles away,
it's all the same. A letter to me does
just as much good as a personal visit."
"And do they not have to inclose any
money?"
"Not a single cent. Simply write to
me and ask to be cured."
Ther» is considerable mystery attached
to his method of accomplishing these
marvels, as it 13 known that he does not
•use drastic drugs and medicines that
doctors depend upon. He claims to have
discovered that a certain law of nature
has peculiar properties heretofore unsus-
pected, and that by the application of
this law there is no disease he may not
cure. And It is a matter of proof that
with the mysterious power this discov-
ery gives him he has made the blind see
and the lame walk. He has revived the
flickering spark of fire in bodies on the
very verpe of the prave, and restored to
health men and women given up to die
by doctors and ppecialists. He seems to
have absolute control over human life
and the diseases that attack it.
Notwithstanding what might be con-
sidered a most favorable opportunity, he
does not extort money from those whom
he treats, saying: "Carnegie chooses to
give libraries. I prefer to give life and
health. I am not a millionaire, but I am
well able to afford to grlve my services
free to the sick and afflicted. My dis-
covery is my own, to do with as I please,
and I cnuld charge every patient a thou-
sand dollars if I wanted to. But I don't.
And 1 know of no law to compel me to
take money for restoring a man to
health. I do not care what the disease
Js. I am just as roady to cure consump-
tion, cancer, paralysis, Bright's disease
or any one of the so-called incurable dis-
eases as I am to cure rheumatism, stom-
ach trouble, catarrh, blood disorders, or
any other ill that flesh is heir to. I am
just as ready and willing to give my ser-
vices free to the poor man as I am to the
rich man. When it comes to a question
of life or death, siciuiess or health, the
amount of money a man has makes no
difference with me. A prince or a pau-
per, I treat them just the same. To me,
as to the law, all persons are equal. I
see and admit of no difference between
patients as far as I am concerned. If I
choose to help all who are ill without
pay. there is nothing to prevent my do-
ing so. I may as well tell you right here
that I mean to keep on curing any one
who asks me of any disease they may
have Just as long as I am willing and
able. What other men do, what they fail
to do, or what they <£iarge makes
no difference to me. I feel that it is my
duty to carry out my own plan in my
own way, however much it costs me. I
can not bear to think of men and women
and little children continuing to suffer
and die when I have the power to save
them and restore them to life and health
so easily and quickly, and there is no
disease I may no cure.
"You think that a broad statement?
Well, maybe it is, but no broader than
the truth. I know the wonderful power I
have because I have tested it in thou-
sands of cases. You know consumption
is supposed to be incurable. Well, not
long ago I had a young lady as a patient.
Miss H. L. Kelly of Seal Cove, Me. The
doctors told her that she had consump-
tion and could not live, that her case was
incurable. And to them it was. The poor
girl was in despair, thinking her days
¦were numbered. But I cured her in spite
ROCHESTER. M, T.. Oct 2.— The al-
most miraculous cures of hopeless Inva-
lids made by Prof. Thomas F. Adfcln
of this city have been of such a
startlir.jj character that they have
troused xvifle-npread wonder, admira-
tion and curiosity. Time and again
he has taken cae^es pronounced hope-
lessly Incurable by the medical pro-
fession and restored the patients to life
and health in a most phenomenal man-
ner.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WORKS MIRACLES OF HEALING
THE BLIND MADE TO SEE-
THE LAME TO WALK
And Hopeless Invalids Restored to Health When Given Up
To Die By Doctors.
M0 DISEASE HE MAY NOT CURE
Stops F«ln; Heal* Sores: Eemorei Cancer ¦ and Tumors, and Performs Marvels
Tiat Upset Modern Medical Practice and Defy Explanation.
WOMAN'S STARTLING STATEMENT
Bars She TTas Saiseft Frcra the Dead by This Man's Mysterious Mlsrnt.
Remarkable Offer of. Free Service
To the Sick and Afflicted — Cares T!na in Their Own Homes as Easily 83 Thonsrh
They Called In Person — Physicians Invited to Send Him
Cases Pronounced Incurable.
ADVK11TISE3IEXTS.
fyi United States Senate, Washington, D. C. §|
W\ 1 h ave use d HAYNER WHISKEY for medical purposes ia my family and have t»^
PH found it very satisfactory. I believe it to be a number one Eg
Hi «n^«»- .^ e^j cinal whiskcy> * o%£™^y&^zz~ W.
M ISIS THE ONLY WHISKEY WITH A RATIONAL REPUTATION FOB
H Saras highest quality and perfect purity.
li» ypSl^^S We have one of the largest distilleries in the world. We are the largest bottlers of tf
l^a |^C*&m<oh*1 whiskey in the world. We have more whiskey in our eight Bonded Warehouses than 8 1
iH l^itti>1?«Mii! any other distiller in the world. There is more HAYNER WHISKEY sold than any other $\
INI E$pw»* e»« brand of whiskey in the world. "We have been in business for 38 years and have a capital gf
P|| PfeaiS^BdaH °* $500,000,00 paid in full, so you run no risk when you deal with us. Your money back E§1
lUf iP^^flwi at once if vou are not sat isfled. Don't forget that HAYNER WHISKEY goes direct from our fc-l
Pel If fiP iHHS distillery to you, with all its original strength, richness and flavor, thus assuring you of l.:l
ffjH tlljii y %'l perfect purity and saving you the enormous profits of the dealers. You cannot buy [:j|
anything purer, better or more satisfactory than HAYNER WHISKEY, no matter how B3
P Jiliiliik DIRECT FROB3 OUR DISTILLERY TO YOU i
Saves dealers' profits. Prevents adulteration. [ J
M EXPRESS CHARGES PAID BY US |1 j
¦i ¦~"&l&TMtA~'&Z l £ I flllD flCCCP We will send you FOUR FULL QUART BOTTLES o! HAYNER f j
;*<>7\Jvo^o I 'l^'-sT.i^' 0^' WUll Urrtn SEVEN-YEAR-OLD RYE for $4.00, and we will pay the | ; j
&'*$vb*At/M$ '*¦''?* \atl*'* 1 *' V \ ex P ress charges. Try it and if you don't find it all right and as good as you \. j
--¦.J^;'rV; ¦ ,. V, <?"*- „-----«* j ever used or can buy from anybody else at any price, then send it back at our | •; j
jj V, " /« \ - * - "^ £<*££ '"^a expense, and your $4.00 will be returned to you by next mail. Just think that I;-,]
oner over. How could it be fairer? If you are not perfectly satisfied you are r
n °t ou t a cent. We ship in a plain sealed case, no marks to show what's inside. I <} 1
BM^^^xMmStMa^U CEBH7E7 a beautiful cold-tipped glass and nnoCTC M\
§BjBr^^rr^5*^^j ¦ "uEL£L corkscrew sent with your order m* HZLsZ. |?>|
*%i^^mi^vSS^^^^^Sm^SSSa^ Remember, a Hayner quart is an honest quart of 33 ounces, 4 to the gallon, just one-fourth I* I
«^^V9HkSBsBHrB**"^^^ more than in bottles of other brands, really reducing our price just that much. t I
If EST^ HED THE HAYNER DISTILLING COMPANY D ?JiS^ |:
Wk 411 ST. LOUIS, MO. ST. PAUL, MINN. DAYTON, O. ATLANTA, GA. JM
ADVERTISEMENTS^
Ml QO EWatcl.es O
W £m li fOP I
Women
Cased in various
styles, all 14 karat
solid gold.
Reliable movements -
— Elgin. Waltham,
Swiss.
j All accurately timed
and regulated.
Bohm-Bristol Co.
Jewelers and
/ «J Silversmiths
LJ 104-110 Geary Street P\
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
MUSIC/ INSTRUMENTS, STRINGS.
• • i
w8 T(xPt 1 B Bral h IbL
SB R Ha mb 1 I*** ™ ' p£ Bk
LEADING BUSINES3 COLLEGE OF THE
. WEST.
Over 24 Post st.. San' Francisco. Cal.
Estab.40 years. Open- entire year, day & night.
Write Tor circulars (free)j
-*0*y%. Polytechnic B u s i-
"^^^^SfSj^jtv neat Collegre and
T§ neerinsr. Oakland.
P* beBt equipped school
•Se SfflSE'M33p*vSK Of buslnes8 ' shorthand
and engineering west
~~~ : — —-r^r low." 1 VrlU.tor fre«
100-pars Catalogue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WORMS
"*I write to let 70a know hew I »ppr»elate yemr
Ctsetrrts. I eomm«nc*d taking then lut Novcm>
l>*r and took tiro t«n etnt boxes and put«d a t»pe-
worm 1< ft. long. Then 1 commenced taking them
attic and Wedn*ad*r. April «th. I t>a*>«d another
tape worm 3$ ft. loac >na orer a tsonsand small
worms. ITerions to mj t»tlax Caacarets I didn't
know I ha4 a tapa-wonn. lalwtj-i bad a small
¦BMttta.
Wb. F. Browa. 1M Franklin St.. Brooklyn, N. y.
*(3 " jfiy The Dowels
CANOt CATHARTIC _,^^^
neasast. Palatabl e. Potent, Taste Good. Do Good,
«•*•«• Weken. Weaken or Gripe. 10c.. SSe.Me. Kvrmt
¦old ia balk. Toe t«nuine txbltt cttaped CCO.
wwranteed. to cur* or your money back.
j Sterling Rensedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 594
AHUALSALEa TEN MILLION BOXES
1 THE CALL'S^ ]
NEW ENTERPRISE
Art Supplements of Greal Merit
By special official concession obtained from the
Commissioners from Holland, Germany, Belgium,
France, Russia and Italy, THE CJILL is enabled
to present its readers with exact reproductions of
the most famous pictures exhibited by these coun*
tries in the Great Jlrt Palace at the World's Fair.
Every picture is a masterpiece and was selected
after careful investigation for THE CJILL by a
committee consisting of the President of the JtmerU
can Color Company, the Proprietor of the St Louis
Globe»Democrat and a Call representative. These \\
pictures are actual reproductions of the original I
Oil Paintings and are the highest type of pictures H
The Russian forest Fire Is One ol the Finest j I
Pieces of the Artist's SKill Ever Exhibited I
Some of these splendid pictures are historical |
and a descriptive write-up both of the picture and |
artist will be attached to them. y
Ji full list of the titles of these gems of art a
will be announced later. i: : *]
The pictures can only be obtained on this coast |
by subscribing for THE CJILL. a
It will be advisable to order aow. fj
[EVERY ONE A MASTEBPIECEJIFORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1904— PAGES 25 TO 3G.
Next Annual Session of the United
Daughters of the Confederacy
to Re Held Here.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 8. — The United
Daughters of the Confederacy con
cluded their annual convention to
night after deciding to hold the. next
meeting . in San Franci?co. the tithe
t£ be decided by the president. Mri.
Jefferson" Davis was elected honorary
president general of the society ami
Mrs. W.. B. Pritchard. of San Fran
cisco was elected an honorary pre»
ldent. t
SELECT SAX FKAXClSCO .
FOR* CONVENTION* CITY
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Oct. 8. -After a
sensational trial lasting' three days a
Jury in the United States Court
returned a verdict this evening In favor
of Frederick Schmidt, a wealthy Cali
fornia fruit raiser, declaring he was
not responsible for the separation of
his daughter from her husband. Wil
liam t J. McCrum. a Cnerokee. Iowa,
farmer.
McCrum sued the father-in-law for
$15,000 damaces for alienation of the
affections of his wife. The testimony
showed the estrangement was caused
by McCrum frequently hugging and
kissing the hired girl, Mary Kirchner.
who admitted these facts. Mrs. Mc-
Crum sent for her father and went
home with him, refusing to return to
her husband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Iowa Jury Eeturns Verdict
in Favor of Californian
Accused by Son-in-Law.
NOT THE CAUSE
OF SEPARATION
Quartermaster General Humphrey in an interview at Washington yes
terday evaded the issue neatly when questioned by an Associated Press rep
resentative. He is quoted as saying: "No complaint has been received at
the War Department of the transport service on the Pacific and no general
investigation has been ordered." Of course not. The charges relate not to
the army- transport service, but to the contracts for transportation of sup
plies in this city and the management of the medicalsupply depot espe
cially to the. matter, of Sraying, where Grover avers there has been bold
and deliberate fraud. v*T
The shifting about of men and transferring of heads of departments to
outside stations has been brought about by orders from headquarters and
further investigation is now or soon will be in progress." It has been ordered
. ; Captain . Cahrles . T. Baker, whose name was mentioned yesterday in con
nection with the transfer of officers from the; quartermaster's depot this
city, for stations in the Philippine Islands, was erroneously, named amonjr
those, that were transferred to the islands as a result of being involved in
the investigations. As a matter of fact. Captain Baker was a member of the
investigating board, and ;it was partly due to* his report that the employes
mentioned were transferred. When seen yesterday Captain Baker said: • •
"My position. at the general depot of the -quartermaster's department In
this city is that of assistant depot quartermaster arid as such I have no connec
tion whatever with the transportation branch of. the depot or the transport
service, ¦ of which Major C. . A. • Devol Is general superintendent arid iri ab
solute charge of every detail relating thereto. ~. ,'¦?..'; ..... • ,• ;• •
Harry T. Scott, ex-purveyor of the transport service7 who is now with
the Western Warehouse Company, says that he was not called upon to testi
fy at the secret investigation, nor was there any reason why he should have
been, as he was not in the transportation department. He affirms, however,
that the investigation, prior to the one ordered by the War Department, was
conducted by Devol, Stanley and Baker.
Humphrey Evades Point
Why the local transport service officials and those of the quartermas
ter's depot should lend themselves to an effort to cover up the many irregu
larities in the transportation accounts, medical supplies accounts and
other departments under fire, is hard to understand. It is not thought
that any of the new officials have been entangled In the scandal. Major
Devol's effort to minimize the trouble is absurd to any one familiar with
the case. . . .- ." v
Recently F. W. Baker, who audited the drayage accounts, was trans
ferred tp /Philadelphia, but not before he had received a severe reprimand
for allowing the bills to go through unchallenged.
Grover is again to have an audience with the War Department and he
will. submit copies of letters and accounts that he is said to have made
during his term of service here. For some reason the department has
used every endeavor to keep Grover from making a public expose of the
manner . in which the Government has been robbed through - bad manage
ment and worse.
The following is the copy of a letter from Grover giving his experi
ence with the Washington authorities:
„ "I did not succeed in seeing President Roosevelt, but I saw Mr. Loeb,
his secretary, who courteously referred me to Secretary Taft. I laid the
case briefly before Mr. Taft and- he listened with attention. He assured me
that he would have the matter thoroughly investigated."
Knox received a reply from the War Department saying that it had
no knowledge of an investigation having taken place at San Francisco
except in the matter of some hay contracts. Major Devol was asked by
the department for an explanation and in reply the major told of his action
in looking up the drayage bills and the medical department accounts. The
War Department reprimanded the major for having- conducted an Inves
tigation without the authority of the quartermaster general and then
placed the matter in the hands of Colonel Patten, the general quartermas
ter for the Pacific Coast, for a second investigation and with authority to
act.
At Washington General Humphrey, quartermaster general, was loth to
delve into the evidence offered, but Secretary of War Taft insisted on hear
ing Grover's story.
The findings of this court were carefully filed awav and, through care
lessness, Washington was not apprised of the holding: of the Investigation.
Clerk A. W. Knox was discharged about this time for intoxication. He
thought that he had not been given a square deal and he filed a protest
with the War Department, which read: "I beg to call your attention to the
methods of conducting the army transport service at San Francisco and to
the strange way the board of Inquiry has handled the testimony." He
then related his own case in detail. - *
Bevol Called to Jlccount. ,
Grovera.few.days ago returned to his post in Indiana. Before leaving he
wrote that he had "evidence that would convince . any . one of the crookedness
that had been extant in the service," adding: *"I will keep firing away at them
as . long as they will accept it."
When Grover made threat to have the whole system of graft that had
caused < so .much trouble exposed, and the War Department- had askea for
an explanation from the 'local. office of the depot quartermaster, there" was
a stir in army •• circles. -Major Devol had .been trying, to .clear away the
scandal by making changes in the. various departments. The major un
dertook to form a* court of inquiry on his own authority, ./with- the result
that Captain' Baker, Captain Stanley and himself undertook the. investiga
tion.
The truth in the matter Is that the entire service had been honeycombed
with fraud, criminal carelessness and bad management, and the Chamberlain
and Maus reports only did a part of the work of unraveling the tangle.
The first inquiry regarding the other alleged irregularities was about one
year ago. About six months later T.C. Grover, a clerk in the transportation
department, who is now in the service at Jeff ersonville, ' Ind., was removed to
that post from this city. ¦ Grover went to Washington" and was well received
by the War Department, Governor Taft being'the man, according to his story,
whom he saw. Grover then reported 'at Jeff ersonville, and later, was granted a
thirty days' leave of absence. He 'came back to Sari Francisco and was here
two weeks ago* and obtained further evidence for the perusal of the War De
partment. Whether this evidence is in the hands of Sacretary Taft or Quarter
master General Humphrey Is not known. •
Officials of the army, transport service and the depot quartermaster's de
partment at San Francisco have resorted to the old tactics of trying to sup
press information and to deny statements they know to be correct. The second
scandal involving the depot quartermaster's office in this city had been stu
diously kept from the press until The Call yesterday related the story of the
serious charges brought against the local branch of the quartermaster's ser
vice which have kept Major C. A. Devoland his associates troubled for the last
year.
It became necessary to. Invoke a Congressional inquiry to make the War
Department acknowledge the frauds in the army transport service that were
uncovered during the Chamberlain and Maus Investigation of 1903. Glaring
swindles that were common talk among persons identified with the wholesale
trade of this city were specifically denied: It was even stated that there was
no such thing as a report from Colonel Chamberlain exposing the gross extrav
agance of the service. Congress forced the documents to be presented, and the
public knows what happened..
• Having lately discovered irregularities in the accounts of the transportation
department, the local quartermaster made a number of -changes of heads of
departments, and was probably going to let it go at that. The evidence of
queer transactions was carefully gathered by a special board of inquiry, con
sisting of Major Devol, Captain Stanley and Captain Baker. No direct charges
of fraud were brought against any of the many clerks through whose
hands the accounts for . draying passed, for the investigation was to de
termine how it was possible that bills could have been allowed that were
palpably made up of gross overcharges.
Work Only Half Done.
T. C. Grover Furnishes War
Department With Letters
Proving Gross Carelessness
NEW YORK
CAMPAIGN
LISTLESS
Thorough Canvass of
State Is Made by <
the Herald.
Roosevelt Will Come to the
Bronx With a Very
Large Plurality.
Returns of Correspondents Show That
Higgins for Governor Will Run
Far Behind Eis Ticket
NEW YORK, C t. 8.— For the pur
pose of giving its readers reliable In
formation, untinged with partnership,
as to the political outlook of the State
of New York one month before election
day, the Herald sent well equipped cor
respondents throughout the Stata.
Broadly speaking, the State was di
vided into four districts on geograph
ical lines. One district took the south
ern tier of counties, beginning at Rock
land and running almost across tha
State.
Another consisted of the counties
around Albany and west out to the Mo
hawk Valley. Another was the north
ern section, beginning at Saratoga and
running north to the Canadian line and
west to Jefferson, while still another in
cluded the fifteen counties west, of Os
wego which run In a double tier west
to the Ohio line. Important and repre
sentative counties were selected and bad
spots for both parties were picked out.
The object was to give as nearly as
possible an exact picture of the condi
tions now prevailing in the section of
country which In 1900, roughly, gave
McKlnley 171,000 plurality, as against
29,000 plurality in New York City, and
Odell in 1902 the 131.000 with which he
beat 122,000 for Coler in the great city.
The reports to the Herald show
contentment among the farmers and
business men. listlessness in the cam
paign which is almost unexampled, a
united Democracy with the exception
of one county and a well equipped Re
publican machine. The reports also
show that Roosevelt will "come to th»
Bronx" with a very large plurality;
In a few counties exceeding the vote
for McKinley in 1900, and in soms
equaling it and in some or them run
ning below. Higgins. for Governor,
will run far behind his ticket.
New Training Ship
Glides Down
Ways and. Rests
Upon the Waters of
the Bav.
THROW BODY
OF COLONEL
FROM TRAIN
Russians Mutiny on
Their Way to
Front.
Even Cossack Regiments
Show Signs of In
surrection.
General Rlegel at Kiev Orders 16,000
Reservists Searched . for Sedi
tious literature.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 8.— While
the Bugulma Regiment, ordered to .the
front from Samara, was en route to
Via., a mutiny broke out. The colonel
, of the regiment and a sergeant were
killed, and their "corpses thrown from
the train. Another mutiny*- occurred
among the Fenda reservists, who mal
treated their colonel. —..'"''
i Even Don Cossacks are,-' mutinous.'
Captain Slircnoff, an officer of the Im
perial Guard,; a Cossack regiment, was
recently arrested for making a speech
charging 'the government' with" respon
sibUIty for the war. General Klegel,
the new military governor of Kiev, or
dered 16,000 reservists under his com
mand to be searched. All the regi
ments were subjected to this humiliat
ing process the same day. Klegel
thought he would find seditious litera
ture, which had been distributed
among them. Only trifling discover
ies were made. The officers of the regi
ments have Joined in a vehement pro
test aprainst the indignity.
MAJOR DEVOL called his own board o? inquiry and Washington was not satisfied with his
actions. The matter of settling the difficulty was then left to Colonel Patten, chief quarter
master of the Pacific, to adjust. Quartermaster General Humphrey did not want to press in
vestigation, but Secretary of War Taft urged action and gave audience to clerk who claimed that
there had been juggling with transportation figures, causing enormous expense to the Government.
INTREPID RIDES THE WAVES
Jind see! she stirs!
She starts, — she moves, — she seems
to feel
The thrill of life along her keel,
Jind, spurning with her foot the
ground,
With one exulting, joyous bound,
She leaps into the ocean's arms.
— Front Longfellow's "Building of the Ships' 1
SUSPICIOUS OF FRAUD
Perpetrated on Quartermaster's Depot
Causes Its Officials Much Tribulation
Continued on Pajc '27, Column 3.
SMALLPOX. CAUSES DEATH
OF, SOLDIER OX THE \LOGAN
Epecl&l Dlipatch to The Call.
BUTTE. Mont.. Oct. 8.— Because
State Senator William F. Meyers of
Red Lodge stole a kiss from a pretty
society girl of Carbon County a few
days ago President Roosevelt, it is
claimed here, may lose Montana, and
the Republicans also are' liable to lose
control of the State Legislature and
thereby fail to elect a Republican
United States Senator.
The Red Lodge Picket, a Republican
paper, has bolted the ticket. because of
the stolen kiss and L. o. Casswell,
candidate for County Attorney, has
withdrawn from the ticket, because he
will not run.on the same ticket with
the kiss stealer, and is out to fight
him. The chairman of the County Cen
tral Committee also threatens to re
sign, and says he will j not
Meyers. Ex-Senator T. H. Carter and
Lee Mantle have been appealed to to
pull Meyers oft the ticket.
Army Transport Arrives at Honolulu
From Manila and Is Placed in
Partial Quarantine.
HONOLULU, H. • I.,, Oct. 8.— The
United States, army, transport' Logan,'
which arrived here /. to-day, reported
the : death of a ' soldierv.at - sea* from
smallpox.' The Logan \was partially
quarantined. She : -.will • sail for - San
Francisco to-night. '•". .
FRESXO. Oct. 8. — Pretty Miss Ora
McDowell, the 16-year-pld daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. George McDowell of
this city, disappeared about a week
ago. About the same time Charles L.
Lane, a man of family, having a
wife and five children, also disap
peared. It was said that they had
eloped, but the parents of the girl
were loih to place credence in what
they termed a silly rumor.
Now comes word from a reliable
source that the couple did elope and
from here went to Seattle. The lit
tle girl's parents are heart broken
over her rash step and threaten to
bring an action for abduction against
Lane.
Lane Is a contractor ,and was In
good circumstances. His wife is at a
loss to know why he deserted her.
The man knew Ora well, but no one
noticed anything more than friendly
relations between the two. The girl's
father stands well in the civil service
department of this city. He says the
law will be put into operation to
bring the -couple back to Fresno.
Theft May Cost the
Republicans
Montana.
Fresno Man Deserts
Wife and Five
Children.
PURLOINED
KISS CAUSE
OF TROUBLE
RUNS AWAY
WITH MISS
OF SIXTEEN
OMAHA. Neb., Oct 8. — Bloodhounds
this morning succeeded in tracking
Karl Karrer, a saloon-keeper, who is
now under arrest charged with rob
bing the bank at Treynor, Iowa, of
$1400 after he had locked the woman
cashier, who was alone in the building,
in the vault. The robbery was com
mitted Thursday afternoon while* half
the inhabitants of the village were ab
sent, attending the fall carnival.
Miss Florence Flood, daughter of
the president of Treynor . Savings
Bank, was in the bank alone when
a masked man entered and, pointing a
revolver at her head, ordered her. to
give him the money in the cash draw
er. She obeyed and he then ordered
her to go to the vault and hand him
whatever cash was there. As she
passed the money out, he pushed her
back into the vault and locked her in.
He made his escape in a buggy.
As soon as the robbery was discov
ered a posse was formed and the rob
ber was tracked to a point where he
abandoned his team and plunged in
to a corn field. Twenty-four hours
later the dogs arrived at this point
and at once took up the trail follow
ing it into the corn field to a spot
where the fugitive had apparently re
turned for a comrade supposedly
waiting for darkness. From this point
the dogs doubled back to Treynor and
made direct for Karrer's house, where
he was found. - ¦}•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Saloon-Keeper Eobs Iowa
Bank and Locks Woman
Cashier in Empty Vault
VIEW OF UNCLE SAM'S NEW TRAINING SHIP SHORTLY AFTER SHE WAS
LAUNCHED YESTERDAY AT MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD AND THE FAIR
SAX FRANCISCAN' WHO CHRISTENED HER INTREPID.
BLOODHOUNDS
TRACK THIEF
"Among the new vessels built in this
yard Since I have had the honor of
being: oj:c of your representatives in
"The location of the navy yard at
Here Island vnui selected in 1S52 by
ft boaru of naval officers, of which
Commodore Hloat Cv.ho first raised
our ilr.s. July 7. 18 46, at Monterey)
w.-.s the chairman, and it was recom
incR£ed by them and approved by the
Secretary of the Navy as the best site
xcr a texvj yard !n California.
'•Since that lime our Government has
expended '-or buildings, docks, shops,
machinery and other Improvements
over '> G,'.»OG. 00*. and now owns the
best £liip building: plant on the Pa
cific Coaet. The work done in this
yznl during the p:ist years compares
favorably in quality and cost with that
of any snlpbuUdlris establishment in
th« country.
"The launching of a newly built ship
rrom the stocks into the water Is al
ways an event fraught with much in
terest to those who have planned and
constructed the vessel. But the present
occasion is one of more than ordin
ary importance for the reason that
ov." Government has constructed in
this, or.e of her navy yards, a good
r.hij> for the purpose of training her
officers 2.r.d men that they may better
man our Bhlpi at v.ar and defend the
honor of our country. It seems to
rr.e a. vise policy that this ship and
others should be built in the navy
IMPORTANT OCCASION'.
United States Senator George C. Per
kins, ranking member of the Xaval
Committee of the Senate, arrived dur
ing the mornir.g hoyjs and was received
with a salute. Shortly before noon Rear
Admiral McCalla introduced the Sen
ator from the platform of a handsome
ly decorated stand erected at the stern
of th3 Intrepid. Senator' Perkins spoke
as follows:
The decorations of the new ship were
elaborate, and flags of all kinds in the
vTtinity added color to the scene.
Eatallions of marines, companies of
sailors and the Mare Island station
band occupied positions near the new
ship. The workmen whose muscle and
skill had fashioned the vessel were
gathered in dense crowds about the
eayly decorated ship. Boats of all
kinds dotted the bay, and the wharves
and hillsides of Vallejo were black with
interested spectators, while almost
every flag in town was flying to the
breeze.
VALLEJO, Oct. 8.— At 12:11 p. m. to
day, amid the thunder of artillery, the
Falvos of steam whistles and the ex
ultant plaudits of thousands of spec
tators, the new steel training ship In
trepid was launched from her ways at
Mare Island. It was one of the most
imposing and inspiring events ever wit
nessed here.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Continued on Page 28, Columns 3 rind 4.
¦ y - "vcTHB THEATERS.
ALGA»AR— •^amilTf." \
.CAiaFORKlA'—"TT!« Teriderfoot."
CENTRAl>-"De»lers.ln White Wom
en."V Matinee* to-day. «\
CHUTSS— Vaudeirflle. , V
COLUMBIA— "The Office Bd|\"
nSCHER'S— "Dowji the Une.V Matl
• nee toMay. j^, >r ¦ \
GRAND — "^Tbe *Bunc'otnastec*0 M.ui
nee- to-day. * J** 0^
MAJESTIC V- "A Japanese Nlghtln
grale." \ -O*-*
ORPHEUM-^VawIsvUIe. Matinee to
day. *^
.TIVOLI — "The Serenade."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCYI— XO. 131.
THB "VTEATHtlt.
F»«e*«t atafle »t San FraneJwso for
thirty hours *n£lcg stdslfht. Octo
ber 8:
Ban Fra.ne!sco tn4 vicinity— Showers
Ecaiay; fr*sh southwest wind.
G. H. WXLLSOX. Local Forecasts.
Trirporaiily la charge.
The San Francisco Call.KHARKOPF, « Russia,f Oct.>' l 8.—Ai
touching scene T\'as witnessed -<3iere;'
when Dragoinlroff, forniei"' Governor;
General of Kieff, bade farewell to-day
to ' the famous Fourteenth division,
¦which he Jed across th% 'Danube at'
the time of the Russo-Turkish war.
The olfl veteran was so ; moved* that. he"
could" hardly.-tspeak.' Finally lie gave,
an order for the division to. -form
Around him in a hollow square and
addressed the troops, wishing, them
success and, expressing the. hope that
General Dragomiroff Invokes Blessing'
on His Old Command. ¦¦ '.
BIDS FAREWEIJj TO TROOPS.
Seizure of •Stenihshfp . Coichrts Cause of
; . •'Imijoriniu Order.
. TACOMX. Oct. 3.— Dodwell & Co.
tp-.day notified the Postmaster Gener
al that the Blue Funnel and China
Mutual lines,' Operating about fifty
steamers on " and Atlantic
routes, would: hereafter refuse to carry
United Stntef»;mnil for Japan. ,
T^his action' i« ta.ken because -Alfred]
Hpjt}& Co. _ of xWverpool, operators of
t)it»jt\vo lines, lffl,'ve received. word that
the^fcelzed- steamerj .Calchda ' from Ta
ccrtiii would probably hot';bo released
by. Russia, because* the vessel. was car
rying mall '.containing 1 financial .infor
mation of great value to /the Japanese*
Government. : ; '- • : 'r-' : '..'¦¦<'.''•> '¦ '¦
The following named enlisted men of
the , Signal Corps, now at Vancouver
Barracks. Washington, are transferred
to the stations designated after their
names: Corporal Louis A. Ansteth,
First Class Privates Albert K. Cole,
Philip H. Heber and James A. Me-
Neeiy and Private James Murphy to
Benicia Barracks; Corporal F. A.
Horak and' Private George D. Barthol
omew to Company A, Signal Corps,
Fort Leavenworth. Kans.
Upon the recommendation of the
chief of the artillery a board of officers
is appointed to visit each artillery post
nnd .the fortifications on the Pacific
Cpaft to definitely fix and locate hori
zontal base lines. for the approved sys
tem, of^-artillery fire cont:ol ar.d direc
tion. The detail for th*e board shall be
Lieutenant Colonel Sedgwick Pratt, ar
tillery corps, artillery inspector of the
Pacific division. - and Major Henry L.
Harris, artillery corps. District and
post commanders and district en
gineers and officers will furnish such
assistance as the board may need in
the performance of its duties. Be-
Sir^nins, with- the fortifications In
Puget Sound, the board will visit each
'in order until it completes its work at
Fort-.Rqsecrans, San Diego,' Cal. In
each- artillery district I an auxiliary
board' is constituted to-make a pre
liminary study of the local Conditions,
and the full board for the final de-
WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.— By order of
the War Department a previous order
Df the debArtment. is modified, under
which Captain Charles IV Baker, quar
termaster, is relieved from duty as at
torney general, of . the department,
quartermaster's division.' San Fran
cisco, "and -he will proceed to Manila,
PhHipr.ine Islands, for assignment to
duty as assistant to the chief quarter-*
master of that division In charge of
the quartermaster's shops. .Captain
Frederick \V. Co!e, quartermaster, is
relieved from duty in the Phillppinco
division and will proceed' to Washing
ton, D. C:V and report to the quarter
master general. of the army.
Army Orders From \Vnshin3t0n.
Church Patronage. — English woman
— Have you been to Westminster Ab
bey yet ?
Fair American — No; but" I hear it
highly spoken of! — Punch. ...
- From San Francisco — L. Byington
at the Hoffman. J. H. Cropley at the
Grand Union, T. Cuthbertson at the
Astor House," Mrs. J. K. Hamilton at
the Kensington. F. F. Hobbs and wife
at the Park Avenue. A. F. Kales at the
Westminster, S. J. Loop at the Kens
ington, W. J. Ramsay at the Astor
House.. G. W. Reiter at the WellinEr
tbn.'C. E- Schmidt, at. the Astor House,
NEW YORK. Oct. 8. — The following
Californians are in New York:
Cnlifornians in Xew York.
£ REFUSE TO CARRY MAIL.
It is now accepted here that the
reported naval tight off Port jFXrthur
was purely imaginary. The naval ex
perts of the newspapers dwell on the
difficulties which the Port Arthur
squadron must experience In .break
ing after- the disastrous sortie of Au
gust 10. The general opinion is that
thf. squadron could not venture out
unless something had happened to the
Jirpanepe warships, of which there Is
Y;o knowledge here.
" In ar.y case the Russian ships could
not go to the neutral port of Chefoo,
but must head for Vladivostok. If the
Baltic tleet was approaching, however,
the- whole situation would be different.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 8.—Reply
ing to the statement of "Count Okuma,
leader of the progressive 'party, that
the war with Russia would be long 1 but
that Japan would win in the end, the
Novoa Vremya to-day declares 'that
the idea of a possible compromise "with
Japan has been abandoned and that
the wqr must be prosecuted by Russia
in _ such a way that there can be no
possibility of Japan's renewing the
struggle. ..Europe. -for .thirty yenrs. was
under the menace of revenge for Al
."If we conclude with "Japan
all. our efforts, In the, Far EasUwill be
valueless and wo shall,. .have to. -spend
'enormous. sumato keep up bur arma
ment thpre. The Japanese,- once for
all,- must be driven -fiut.^f .the Asiatic
continent." .
Kussinnn Soy Japanese Must Be Driven
Oxit of Asiatic Continent.
Wllili NEVER COMPROMISE.
D. J. Shine and wife at the St. Denis.
T. S. Watters- and wife at the Navarre.
H. St. C. Boyd, Mrs. A. Boyd at the
Holland^ House. L. A. Denning at the
Imperial. I. M. Foster at the Metro
politan. C. M. Goodall, Miss McGregor
at the Holland, J. Moran at the Grand
Union, J. P- Lover. C. H. Weaver,
at the Imperial, W. L. Whelan at the
Grand Union, B. G. Cook at the Im
perial. A. D. Sangster at the Herald
Square, R. Taussij? and wife at the
Netherland.
From San Diego — A. M. Kroff, Miss
L. Kroff at the St. George.
From San Jose— W. Pelper at the
Kensington.
From Los Angeles — A. Barnaby and
wife. Mrs. S. E. Dalton at the St.
Denis, A. G. Gage at the Westminster,
Miss L. M. Hartley. Miss E: -B. Stoll.
S. Stoll and wife at the St. Georgre.
nal officer, vice. Major Joseph E. Max
fleldi relieved. : , -, +y,
: The following transfers, of electri
cian sergeants are made:, James Weth
e.rhoJti now at Fort Columbia, -Wash.,
to Fort Stevens, Oregon; Lee A. Berry,
nuw at Fort Stevens, Oregon, to Fort
Columbia. Wash.
• -M«jor John P. Wisser, inspector
general, will report in person to the
commanding general. Pacific division,
for assignment to duty as assistant 'to
inspector general of that division.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 8. — The
municipality of St. Petersburg has de
cided to care for distressed relatives
of soldiers at the front. Lieutenant
General Fulton, the prefect of police,
has issued ah order that such rela
tives are to be provided with lodging
and fuel'and thirty-six pounds of flour
and four of grits for each person per
month.
•
Will Alt! Relatives of Soldiers.
Russians Are Using ,IIautl Grcnndes.
TOKIO. Oct. 8. — According to a pri
vate letter received from a Japanese
officer now with the besieging forces
before Port Arthur*, the Russians, are
effectively using hand grenades > Slcd
with a high explosive.. The exectSlon
of these grenades, when accurately
thrown, is deadly, the officer says, and
their use possibly accounts for the
closeness of the fighting.
-The troops and the vast crowd of
people were greatly affected by the
general's words. Dragomiroff then
kissed the colors, removed his bu3by
and bowed low to each battalion,
murmuring:
"Farewell. God bless you and
bring you back safely."
they will do ..their, duty as well in the
Far .-East: as. the.lr. fathers did on .the
Danube. He also : adyised the soldiers
to stand- by each other and sacrifice
their, lives for their comrades.
The Japanese casualties duringr this
period are withheld, but they are said
to be lighter than has. been previously
reported from various outside sources.
Port Arthur July "30, occupying Taku
shan heiehts, >: and commenced siege
wortks imihedia'tely thereafter. " The
Japanese captured fourteen guns -be
tween Nanshan and Takushan. . - . t
termination of the system 'shall con
sist of the general board heretofore
mentioned and the auxiliary boards.
The auxiliary boards In : the artillery,
district con»i»t ot the v .commanding
officer of the artillery district and the.
district j engineers at Fort Flagler.
PuROt Sound,- Fort Columbia, District
of Columbia, and Fort Haker and Fort
Miley, district of San Francisco. The
post commander is included. < •
WASHINGTON. E>. C, Oct. 8.— By
orders of the War Department Majer
William M. Glfissford is relieved from
further duty in the Department of the
Gulf and will proceed without delay
to Seattle, Wash., and assume charge
of the Alaskan cable system, reporting
by letter to the commanding general,
Department of Columbia, for duty, as
chief signal officer, relieving lieuten
ant Colonel Richard E. Thompson.
Lieutenant Colonel Thompson, upon
being thus relieved, will proceed on. the
transport sailing from San Francisco
November 1 to Manila, where, upon
arrival, he will report to the com
manding general for duty a3 chjef sig-
On the morning of July 28 the Jap
anese renewed the battle. The Kus
slan line broke and began to retreat.
Practically the entire Port Arthur
garrison, with sixty guns, participated
in this engagement. The Russian
losses were 1000. The Russians re
tired inside the last line of their de
fense. The Japanese spent July 29
disposing their forces and supplying
them with ammunition. At dawn
July 30 the J.iDanese attacked the
Russinn forts. The jruns of the Rus
sian' fortress were used for the first
time in this attack. The Japanese ad
vanced within two and four miles of
TOKIO. OcL i.— The Imperial
headquarters to-night published a |
series of extended reports covering I
the operations against P.ort Arthur j
until the end of July. The reports j
cover the operations between the toat- j
tie of Nanshan May 26 and. the actual !
investment of Port Arthur proper,;
which began July 30.. The reports are.-j
chiefly interesting as showing that tho !
Russians desperately resisted the Jt*-pwj
anese advance southward along the ;
peninsula. Indeed, the Russians' as- j
sumed the aggressive during July and '
attempted to drive the Japanese back J
and retake Dalny. The Russians •
erected an elaborate series of forti- i
flcations in the hills skirting the east- j
era coast and also along: the railway, ;
by means of which they delayed the '
actual investment of Port Arthur two !
full months. :
Many desperate encounters marked f
the slow advance of the Japanese j
southward early in June. The Rus- j
sians erected defense works east of J
Shihshankow. On June 13 the Rus- '
sians assumed the aggressive, but they '
were repulsed. The Russians then j
erected defenses at Soutaikou. The I
Japanese began the general advance j
June 26. After severe fighting they j
succeeded in occupying a line from j
Antzu Mountain on the right to Sout- '
ing Mountain on the left. On July 3
the Russians began a general attack, t
The fighting, which continued until !
the night of July 5, included desperate
night attacks, the men frequently
closing hand to hand and using |
bayonets. Russian destroyers and gun
boats • came from Lungivangtao and
shelled the Japanese.. , The Russians
were finally beaten back.
The Russians next fortified Antzu
Pass. The Japanese mounted at
Langnichia twelve guns captured at
Nanshan and also naval twelve-pound- I
ers west of Chuantzunou. Desultory {
fighting succeeded until July 26, when |
the Japanese began a second general I
attack against Soutaikou and Antzu
Pass. All three of the Japanese
columns engaged in the desperate
fighting which raged until July 27.
Czar's Forces Erect Addi
¦tioiial Defenses and-Hotl^v
Contest Every Foot Tliat
the Japanese Armj' Gajus
SEVEBE FIGHTING ..- . H
MAEKS ADVANCE
Impend Headciuartcrs at
Tokio Publishes Reports
Up to July 31 of Opera
tions Against Port Arthur
DESPERATE
RESISTANCE
OF RUSSIANS
THE, SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, SUNDAYS-OCTOBER 9,- 1901.
26
DR. PltRCE'S REMEDIES.
I
Happiness must be founded on health. :
Where there is ill -health there will
surely be unhappiness. The happiness
of many a home has received its <lown- «
fall at the table, spread \vith rich and
dainty foods. The first symptoms of
diss»»t of the stomach are ignored'- a3 •
being disagreeable but not dangerous. ,
Preapntly dyspepsia or some other form
of disease fastens on the stomach. ;
At any stage Dr. Piercc's Golden Med-
ical Discovery will cure diseases of the
stomach and other organs of digestipn
and nutrition. But the cure is quicker
if the « Discovery" is used' uv the
earlier stages of disease. If you have
any symptoms of diseased . stomach I
us; "Golden Medical Discovery" and;
be cured.
"I fe-1 thst I would be doing: an injustice, to
you if I did not send you a statement of f.\y
ca«s. H writes Mr*. Davtrf W. Cuice. ofllarabttrir.
Franklin Co.. Miss. . "1 had liver complaint nml
indigestion. Ercrythyie that I me diajgreed
with me. I suffered all the time with svritn- '¦
sting ia my head: heart best too fast ; tny fe«t .
«:i(Il:ands vrtm cold all the time. DM not Bleep •
well at all. MTa* able to gr\. about but \-9tyr
little. I commenced ta use Dr. Vieree's Goldrji,.
Medica! I>icco«cry and 'Pleasant relicts', in
M:y. :Sfl7. and by December I could begin to get
about very well. Have been doing ray worlc
etcr fcincc. Fe«l better than I hare for several
years."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay,,
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y..
Eruptions
The only way to get rid
of pimples and other erup-
tions is to cleanse the blood,
improve the digestion, stim-
ulate the kidneys, liver and
skin. The medicine to take is
HoodsSarsaparilla
Which has cured thousands.
¦ .•-.'"*' < ;-""--" T ' * ; - Trr: --•¦_¦¦-'•.-.••¦"¦"—•• ¦-¦":¦-.- ¦--..-:•¦..•,-• v- . •-;• -. ¦ .. ¦. ¦ ADVEKT1SEMEXTS. ' "'¦•¦' "' • - ¦. ¦ ; • -
-•.¦• ¦— — — — -¦" "¦ IneJNew lonopah Kail- TSily \1 u Htv j-^
¦•|%»""f '• + *U f 1 f t HANDLE THE OUTPUT OF Sitliated ill the Very ' Thousands of Dollars'"
i^i^^H^BHi a single big Heart of fbe GifSlp^l! 0 ;
: '^Mi^^m^mSl: i — " TOn °P al1 DiStriC} ' Shipment.
¦••••? f;^'%*%&.'- : :£-.- ;*feA s -£ /;•• •"•*?; '- ' &£?*'?¦}• The World Never Before ¦ — ' Slnce the flrst Kreat stHke ln the OoId "
' ' r :' ' '- '-., •• ¦':':- .••'¦ . — jt—t: — ¦:. . ... '.» — ¦ ¦ ¦'. / ' . ' ' . . ¦ . fields section of Tonopah. some few
* : . l> "-^ J v Heard of Such a Rich BETWEEN THE H}{[fiJ\ T Al moothsa «° rearl3?a hun h drcd f oor ? ros "
Poor frj>spcctor^Made Wealthy ) ; District. % 1Vk » mm mm EBHrifr-llHCrfE
; - ,. . :^7:.i-.^.- _%^,.. .^..: ;- . • ¦ . IflUrAn lUlnt AftD 1 llC Klondike in Ms richness.
I 1 : C^^Sp^S wonderful g old-^^i£" xx
1 M : : Mm$i$ : plI&lS ff WftUtBtlL HOLD- -yj^^^s^K
'v This Wonderland : '-'¦«"• ¦ fifi ns mfs thf am n "™*>^ I'&'^s .^ r'ssMr.Sfr^;
- *' X ***~ T . "," XAV *^ /i ¦*^*-a*V3. . ¦ . The old dumps of the Mizpah mine are 1 IL.L«|IJ IALJ 1 UL UULLF Goldfields: the house was so crowded
,."<¦ S.S...V-. ¦ ¦:,>.<».,- '¦**/*: • ¦ -¦ .-.•.: furnishing more tons of ore every day \ '. - ' : - - ¦ they could be accommodated with noth-
! '" «\, >f ¦¦ ... ., • than the railroad can possibly handle, I5CJ T " DDAIirDTV 1ne b , ut , ccts ln the Pj? rlor: *??*}, fJnVH*?*
-.- -t:™ ;:¦ iniNevada. belt property. j^ssisffsss^fissg^s
¦""-'- '.' .;***¦:< *¦ , T T" ¦ ¦¦ . *-', capacity of the road -for over two y*ars from ledges of R old in Goldfielda.
..... } . - . , . ; t • . without the company taking another To-day miners are actually shoveling:
i Unquestionably Vthe richest tnitihigv of honast prospectors headed by George bucket of ore from the mine. These " situnttd in the v-rv heirt of the Tono- th ?, rich , ore ot , thi , 9 1040 flV6 -
district on the face of the /earth is ! Qrims. .who had t)u> courage and endur- dumps are being shipped to Salt Lake 7 ",, I , » » ? .. ,k ,V,T gallon oil oar.s for lark of better means
the «reat Tonoih of Vevad^which' ance to ! brave the discomforts and hard- City, where they are said to be netting Pah district, between the celebrated Miz- o f handling in transportatiorr.jand thes«
tne great lonopan.. or wnicn. snlpg of & JnlnlrlK camD miles from a the company over *100 to the ton, above pah mine and the new gold fields. Is a nre sealed up and hauled to-the railroad
hds. beyond doubt, .contributed more railrftad and civilisation < a11 mining., freight and treatment rich section of the camp, called "Gold for shipment; the contents of some of
wealth to the prosent- Supply ln the -.Unit-i Arriving on the ground early they, of charges. aiovnta'n " ~, these cans carry values amounting to
ed States than any other camp UV-.the! course. ,had the choiceBt claims Jn the The excitement incident to the new r D oi"t ; ie Vdes qr.i fof,thills of this over $200 ° ln s °J d> and an f r ™ ed «^ ar(1
world within the '.fcune short perlodJ I district W, select from, and that they im- strikes being made in thir, district is m ' p r °"-J 4l * s "^ *™ 1 n \ f°^J° lU *\ "„,„„ accompanies their transportation from
->voriu inc ' w n^r nM ,f n ,i rliir, 1 ' Proved' the opportunitv is evidenced by causing such a rush of miners into Tono- I mountain are several of the best prop- t hp .mines to the railroad.
| From a howling wildernpss, four years, « h<j faot t h at P they were the locators of pah that the passenger facilities of the ertics in tha entire district. History Is again repeating: Itself ln
ago It has developed a thriving city or, 'thVonly -other group of claims In the railroad are entirely inadequate, every Favorably located in their, midst Is the Nevada mining. In the early seventies
10.000 prosperous souls and it is growing; 'district then discovered where the rich train being crowded to its capacity. ; Fro »,p rt y C f the Tonopah Gold Belt Min- the P reat Comstock mines of Nevada
; rapidly every day. •..:." ' ore bodie$ crop out of the lava-covered llorsos and all manner of conveyances inr comnanv surrounded on thrw *lde«i startled the world with their richness.
- • ¦p f are at a premium. mg Lompanj. surrounaco on three sides and labor i ns men by the hundreds be-
; — ; ~ ; : Now is the time to interest yourselves b >' mines steadily producing rich ship- car ne millionaires by small investments.
i.' ... in this district if you wish to reap the ping ore. and development only is re- An opportunity row agrain presents itself
f-!. ¦*';¦¦; ¦j.-.M!'.'* .¦-""..f?*.!'' 1 .*!-, !-»^;r.'!'^^wf» i »»'wy'";iviv.ii;? i j- i . i :..!{;-^;r^:ij. <x\\<>y;wKi-*>>*rr?r:'^'"'\" ;'.-".?^.i'i benefits of its development. quired to place the Gold Belt in the same for like fortunes in the great Tonopah
I ¦.- ,* ' ''.'*' « i i "'' 1 Information relative to one of the b«- e t shipping eonrlitrnn district. If you. render. ar« inclir.f'l to
• . , : ---~:\ ¦ . ¦ .• . . '~ x \ investments now being offered the public *j dret - s .'n innuiries Tononih Pold take advantage of the possibilities offer-
; -''. ;^ ..,.'•-- - ¦ . ¦ \i can be secured by writing the Gold Belt aar * ES "\ l 1 "? ulr . 1 * s _J ono , pa ". G °i, d ed now. do not delay writing for full
;..- : , . ' -. . > 9 . a'-' % \ — ¦ " ' Mining Company. No. 59 Chronicle. build- Belt ».o.. No. 59. Chronicle build- Information to Tonppah Gold ITelt illn-
SixZ* - '• - - "'? ' ~ - * l -" ' :^^'*J^PS5g^^^^A^^l^^> ; '->» < '' : 4 *j nearly 120 acres in all. and it is situated To do this a company has been incor- property ia situated, is a second" Crtppl-s
*>'fa± , >¦*: ', t ' ¥ -'*'H \ s ->-*: *. < >- *7- ' *»¦• • -t^f'ft ivithiM four miles of the cr^otost gi>M r« 1 "t« v J with some of thf; most reliable Creek and the richest portion of tha
¦^Jt^SaKsHEB^S^^SN^^SKP™^^- '"' '" ¦ *v ™I!!L V./^J^ h thi ••Tnnnn-ih MiiDah" men in the West at its head, and a limit- Tonopah district. Many other competent
, %h>~~l '^PfWM^ipip^^ ¦• : a.- s . - : mine in the world, the Tor.opah Mizpah, fd amount of tne treasury stock was miners agree with him. and results are
i „ " > ' " TT " -.;,.« - n *f -* "^SL^"^ ,' * 1 *^«" an<1 ln the sam0 mineral .district, show- placed on the market within Xhc. reach of fast proving it absolutely.
""• v * *" •"• x ''' *" ins the same ore cropping and t'ne same small investors "n .monthly payments if That the crorpings on tht Tonopah
'' ' l ''- 1 '-'' '^ < '~'-" : rX '*' : ' t mineral formation as the celebrated Jliz- desired, on the following terms: Gold Belt Company's property prove the
'' V *\ "^'^-M pah;and there are three veins on this > Monthly P'm'ts rich ore body b«neath Is amply dem<>n-
. ffc^^ffiffl* - r "^ ''-*-"-'' i ' &affi the surface t which is a showins only 300! . '. ..'...'.'.'.'... DO 9 Of) Only four assays are given herewith.
ff§jffife* . "-V'^ *'.J --,-- : \^i equaled in this district by the one great 400* !!'!!!!!!!!! !l20 - 1200 but we hav " dozens mor* at th«» ofJlc* of
1 ' *- * " "^ a basis of $10,000,000 and stock advanced 1.000. ............ .300 o0.no w- fail to show him a good ledsre on this
M^^^^^S^^^^^^sSSB^tF^^^^t^^C ¦-"'"' • from 30 cents to J'JO'per share in -less Each additional 100 shares $30. payable property, carrying the same high value
<^'>%^JSm^S^^^SS^^^^S^^ :l r^'- ' "W *----'- . ;-d than one year. either In eish or on the same terms. $3 as any assay furnished him herein or at
" •- No nfrson f-m realize liow hard it is down anrl * 3 per month for nrne nvmths; i tlip'ofnc
V ¦;¦-'¦} 5SS.S? r^SjJ^J , S?T* ..a??b TS&i .ISffi
!^^SraH®^^»S^!^^8 B i^^SsBsB«^^p3Pw^^^*^«^ ma° P be unTesa he has Tried 6 r proof of this bodies of^:^ property will be yielding N - o . 2 40.51 B1.S« 92.37
L^i^tJ' f^Sl^t ' * . /^v^^,<?fjrj^R»«!WW^**' - »< v *$$A the fact that eome of the most valuable ' The stock is absolutely non-assessable. * One'ofVh'e'most important matters for
l^»-'&t?«vi,ftfc^i-,^ properties have been •considered worth- an d the directors have exercised every a nerron to consider in any investment
less for years until they pass into the care for the protection of small Invest- j, are the inen at the heart of the co41-
— ; hands of capitalists, like the present | ors. ai>d this undoubtedly offers the saf- Sny honei" rrilable and woon'?W«
, • •.' .; !¦ - . ¦ • owners of the great aiizpah. and they bo- ; ost and surest Investment for small cap- For no mat er how rich a min/mav hV
.Following the world famous discovery surface of the earth: all the subsequent gin to yiold up millions in gold. Then i ltal in one of the best mines ln the rich- ff the m^naeJmVrT Is mshon*"t tt is n?
Of that matchless Mizpah mine by ."the mines discovered were found after the everybody is ready and willing to help j cs t mineral district in the world to-day, w^vs wH" 'to leave i It^alone In thi^-on-
of thf poor to a position of wealth and -L , , , .u , this property for the reason that itonly The development work has already spocstble men of unimpeachable honor
oi me poor 10 a position oi weaun ana These claims, however, they concluded i requires machinery and development, to , been started on the property under the and inteeritv and all readers of thH n-i-
power almost in a day. come hundreds to hoId untn tne necessary capital could make it worth a million dollars- more f dlrection of . Superintendent Frank Ever- lev who desire to stond fn with theorig-
of other rich strikes in the same mineral be secured to nid in their development, than the offers received, and the owners r t t . one of the most competent and rella- inal owners on the development of this
belt, ¦ each one of .which contributes Its boing entirely satisfied to take their pay decided to give part of this benefit to. the ; ble mining men" in the State of Nevada rich property are advised to write at o n cf
share to the happiness of. the world. , * or this valuable property out of the pro- | general, public by .offering an opportunity | and a pioneer of Tonopah. who thorough- for full information, including s*n rn
Of the vcrv nrs't to follow Discoverer ttts ,°5 the rich ore bodies after their min- to secure a small interest in a lexitlrnate ly understands. the- formation of the dls- statements, maps, pictures and rep..rt« to
ui ine.\crj nrsi \o loaow lJ 18C< '^erer (. ra \ treasure had been subjected to de- mine ln the great ronopah district which trlct. tonopah ooT.i> bclt i«nmfr> ca
Butrer Into the wilderness of wealth now .yelopnjent and dividends were declared, would boa safe investment for the sav- Mr . Everett believes the Gold Moun- Suite 59 ChrDnJcleBnildia?
known as Tonopah, Nev., were a party f .This propery 'includes, five claims of ings of. those of small, means, j, • tain section of Tonopah, "where thts sV.n Fraaciico. - ¦ »
bbH Danderine Is So Exhilarating.
fi^S^^^^^SS' \^Vi-KrslliwB*?^ and 'trengthealnR to both the hair acd scalp t&at eTen
tM8S&$3Z$!ri&M:- : a 25c - bo::!o of it 1« often enouj.i to show wondorful im-
ft^SSBKlOSBB^t. ! fyi? L HBOite^Bi^Ba - provonientv It at cnc» lmpar:* a sparklln? brilliancy
$&£b&!RKBN>P I 5*^1 fm36vV&$wfi& and 'elretr sofisesv to the hair. &:<d a few ireckv use
MvSimMBBWtiS?- PJ \ w111 can^ new haIr to *P r0l!t out »" C7l »i" the sculp, and
y^W^«^^S*« *^%|i''i\^H®»i^M i '- 1 . grow abundantly. Ian? and beautiful. Use It every day
/M^fmaS^^^^TJRviWHB^'^3^^ ior an hllf • H{ter whIch two cr three tlmt»$ a w?e)c will
•'• " X ylKSqjfe^^l^S^: liceoouah trtcomplets whateTfr growtti you d»*,lr».
1^^^ 7 FHFP q^ki 7 Danderine acts. we.
1 -• '•t^ulJuijpjgjLr '¦ ¦•¦"¦¦• wilrsend a large sample free by.return mail to
. •> .*•' . • : r any one who sends rhis ad\-er^is«;inent to the JCnowlttm
Latest Photograph of Dandcrina Co., Chicago, wth their name and-addxea«
Miss Carrie Wilson,' 3728 64th Place, Chicago. and ten cents in silver or stamps to pay postage,! ""
- REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents,
APVERTTSEMEXTS.
B, KATSCHINSKI j
Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
10 THIRD STREET. SARFBIISISSa I !
fASHIOVS LATEST §
CROSS STRAP SANDALS I
We want your trade; It is to ¦
r°ar sdrantasv to buy from vu. m
Ocr Spool a 3 Sale Shoes this week n
Iktc new &cd ap-tcM!at£ — and the M
pribes for sn<2h sood ralues are H
exirczacly low; ve haw . always 9
b««a leaders ln firir.z tbo public H
the laost for ib«tr masey; «very B
fiho« la oar stock is absolutely H
euaracteed. and isold at prices that Q
cacn<»t !>*- duplioatH -elaewhere. H j
Don't par ctheni fancx proata; u
deal ictth us and savo moner. H I
ijoOletf Fancy Cross-Strap Vid B 1
Kid Saadala. made with new coin H !
toes, hand-turned" soles, neat Jet fl '
f ornaments on. Tumps and dressy B
I LXV French heels. The latest {§
I *Tocts ln swell Dancing Slippers. B
! Sizes 21i ta I Widths A to E. g
I SE917CE9 BAXA PSXCS..S1.35
I SATIN CALf LACE 1
N QUrLTED SOLES. g
|4 The best wearing Boys' Shoe In B
H the market on sale this week at [J
IS reduced prices; made of satin n
K] calfskin uppers, with modern B
H shaped toes and tips, heavy double H
» extension soles, full straight fox- Eg
r inps and steel-quilted soles. A B i
R reat looking Shoe, made for hard B '
E wear and service. Widths D to EE. Eg I
a KEDTJCED PSICES: ||
P 1-ittleGpr.ts' si=es. 9 to i314.SRI.OO B
B Youths' sizes. 1 to Z ;< 1 .1£O M
1 Boys' sizes, 2»4 to 5 4 81.-10 |l
!WILL WEAR W'ELt. |
Lndies' Vlcl K5d Lace Shoes. (8 I
mnde with neat coin toes and pat- gfi ,
out lPBther tip?, circular vamps H j
and heol fcxinps. extension s^-wed JS
mlra and comfortable walking en '
lierls. A Shoe tl»at will wear well 9
pr.d kivp PHti«fp.ction. Sizes ZVi to Q '¦
r* 8. Widrtir. D to EE. OUB BE- S i
g DUCED SALE PEICE gl .2J5 S i
E Men s Vici Kid Romos |
M Enjoy solid comfort er.d get a fg j
B pa<r of our Men's Vici Kid Ro- |
EX ni'""s. made with pliable sewed B
n soles, pin in broad toes, elastic B
H Kides nml low comfortable heels. 6
Q Made for absolute eape and com- H
H fort. Sizes 6 to 11. SPECIAL RE- §1
J| DUCED PRICE 95C B
1 OUR DRIED FRUIT SALE I
I IS DRAWING TO A CLOSE | \
H - Xn behalf cf the fralt-irrowera H
M of Calllcmia xre desire to thank m
H the public for their very liberal H ,
J imrch&Bes cf flirt, Drones and ra.1- M '¦
m Bias durlnfr our sale, and we are v] '
£| jrreatly pleased to know we have Bj
M materially assisted the fruit-crow- gj
Ci ers and helped advance the dried- H '
1 ' fruit Industry cf our State. m
H We will discontinue our Fruit B
H Sale as socn am we dispose of the H
fs rexaalnder of our etock on hand. ?
I BUCKIN3HAM & OHl'S 13.53 1
I TRUE lOlT IHOEHOR MEH. |
H We are sole agents and guaran- n
B tee ftvery pair for service, abso- fa
-H lutf corafort and perfection ot fit. il
y MAIL OEOZSS riLLED. CT
I B. KATSCHINSKI 1
j 10 THIZ9 ST. San Fraaclico. H
KfBf3a\A/E/\K A\eiN
1>R- HALL'S nni.NVIGORATOU
yS BS>f stop* all losses «r.<l unnatural dls-
j a ttt-.nrtcn In 24 hour*. You f^el an
*VJ[ 5*rS lniprwvemcnt from the fltft clos<*.
cT*i %v< " hiXe "Q much caiiSdence in cur
sh± UXJ trfntr.ier.t that we offer Fiv« Hun-
5kH MgW drrd reward for any caj>o we can-
-rMirrtqEa net cure. This »ecret rtmcdjr cures
Inst powfr, htghtly emlsilons, wacted organs.
»aricocole. Elect, strictures, kidneys, falling:
memory, drain* in the urine, sxnorrhea, dia-
. iw .if the prostaite plar.ils and all other terri-
ble cSe'ets of self-abuse or excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
'the worst taaci In old or young of that mcrti-
fylnir condition. «iuicjtaps» of the discharge, and
; wanting to do, and you can't. Sent tealed, $2
per bottle; three bottlee, (3. Guaranteed cure
ar.y care.
('all or address order* HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
'Also for «ale at 1073 V* Market St.. 6. V. Send
Icr f re« book.
12 DITCH CO f*on barbers, ba-
DltUOnllO If e«. bootbUck., bath-
bouses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy, makers. , cancers,
dyer*, flour mills. -foundries, lapndries. paper-
'hansera. . • printers, painters, shoe factories,
-•tablemen, tar-roofers tanners, tailors, etc.
BUOXAVAV BEOS,
Brush Kanuf actuxers, 609 Sacramento St.Some men become crooked when they
gel in straitened circumstances.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 8.— Prince
Khilkoff, Minister of Railroads has.ar
rived here after spending three
months in personally superintending
the construction of the Circum-Baikal
Railroad. He says the whole Siberian
line is working perfectly. The Circum-
Baikal branch is open for freight traf
fic, but passengers are still crossing the
lake in the ferry boats, that being the
shortest route; the ferry boat taking
two hours to steam across about thir
ty miles, whereas the trains take four
hours to cover the railroad route
around the lake, about seventy-three
miles. Work is still proceeding day
and night on the Circum-Baikal road,
electric lights being used at night, so
as to have the line in complete order
before the lake freezes over.
Line Working Perfectly.
Prince Khilkoff. Russia's Minister of
Railroads, neports Whole Siberian
Wallace Bruce Amsbary, the pop
ular Etory teller, will give the second
number in the Young Men's Chris
tian Association Star course of en
tertainments in the association audi
torium this evening at S o'clock.
Rev. George C Adams, pastor of
the First Congregational Church, will
give his second address at the Young
Men's Christian Association this af
ternoon at 3 o'clock. His subject will
be "Abraham, the Father of a Wan
dering Race."
They will be under the direction of
Rev. \V. J. Speer. Each service will be
illustrated by stereopticon views and
special music will be given.
Rev. Paul Branke, pastor of the St.
Paul's Evangelist Lutheran Church,
has returned from Europe after an
absence of five months. He will preach
this morning.
CIRCUM-BAIKAL ROAD
OPEN' FOR FREIGHT TRAFFIC
After the launch luncheon was served
at the residences of Admiral McCalla
and Constructor Zahm.
In addition to her commanding officer
the Intrepid will carry nipe wardroom
officers, six warrant officers and 320
men.
inches; mean draught, 16 feet 5U
inches; displacement, 1S00 tons.
Her hull is steel throughout, and she
will carry a battery consisting of six
four-inch forty-caliber rapid-fire guns,
four six-pounder rapid-fire guns, two
one-pounder rapid-fire guns and two
Colt automatic guns.
She will have an engine and boiler
room, and also a tall, slender smoke
stack. Her engines, however, will be
used solely for furnishing light and
power for two evaporators for the fresh
water supply, two distillers, the pumps
for drainage, fire and other purposes,
and a capstan, windlasses and electric
winch.
The Mafeking Town Council ha3
purchased for £100 the historic gun.
Lord Nelson, which played such a con
spicuous part during the siege.
Delirious California Fruits.
Figs, prunes and seeded raisins. 5c a
lb. package at Rathjen Company, 135
Mason street. Phone South S93. •
PARIS. Oct. S.— Foreign Minister
Delcasse and Senor Leon y Castillo,
the Spanish Embassador, yesterday
signed the Spanish-French agreement
relative to Morocco. It takes the form
of a brief declaration giving the ad
hesion of Spain to the Anglo-French
agreement of April 8. 1904. and Spain
formally agrees to support the integ
rity of the Moroccan empire under the
sovereignty of the Sultan.
Document Calls for Support of Anglo-
French Treaty on the Same
Subject.
FRAXCE AND SPAIN" SIGN*
AGREEMENT AS TO MOROCCO
Wiffg— "Miss Pert is a very consider
ate sort c-r a girl." Wagg— "Yes. she
never wears stickpins in the dark."
ROME, Oct. S. — The Archduches3
Stephanie (Countess Lonyay) alarmed
at the news of the health of her sister.
t' Princess Louise, has sent to Paris
the Italian Deputy Boss!, one of the
cleverest professors of gynecology. in
structing him to examine Princess
Louisn thoroughly to prescribe a cure
and to make a detailed report of her
condition, which may be used as evi
dtnee in tho divorce proceedings
against the husband of the Princess.
Prince Philippe of Saxe-Coburg and
Gotha. The Prince is charged with
having brutally maltreated Princess
Louise.
Archduchess Stephanie Sends Italian
Deputy Bossl to Administer to
Her Sister, Princess Louise.
NOTED GYNECOLOGIST MAY
TESTIFY IN DIVORCE COURT
This brings the vast^gold fields of
the American northwest into com
munication with the world and the
miner in the interior of Alaska will
not be utterly lost when he tramps
over the tundras for his distant claim.
He cables home, and after the lapse
of a few hours necessary for the many
transfers of the message from line to
line, the receiver is reading the com
munication.
San Francisco is now in direct cable
communication with Nome and North
western Alaska, and the first message
from that city has been received here.
It is from O. B. Phelps of Nome to W.
J. Jackson, druggist, 44 Third street,
and relates to the condition of a min
ing property. It came over the newly
completed American Government ca
ble line from Nome to Valdez, to Sitka,
to Juneau, then to Ashcroft, a station
on the Pacific railroad, 204 miles east
of Vancouver. From this point it was
sent here.
pleted and the First Message
Has Come Through^
New American Cable Has Been Com-
.Special evangelistic meetings will J
bo held at the Fourth Congregational i
Church to-night and all next week. I
The members of the Gentlemen's |
Sodality of St. Ignatius Church will
receive holy communion at the 7:30
o'clock nia?s.
The sermon at the 10:30 o'clock
mass this morning in St. Ignatius
Cbarcb will be preached by Uev. '
Father John Forhan. In the evening j
the devotional exercises preparatory to j
tho celebration of the jubilee of the
immaculate conception will take |
l»lii<.c. There will be a sermon on the j
blessed virgin by the Rev Father .
Dionysius Mahony. solemn benediction J
?Tid the recitation of the jubilee j
prayer io the blessed virgin.
The feast of the maternity of the
blessed virgin will be observed to-day
in BL Mary's (Paulist) Church by the
< elebration of the first solemn mass.
Rev. Father Mallon. the newly or
dained Paulist. officiating, assisted by
the fathers of the community. The
occasion will be made notable also by
the preaching of the jubilee prayer to
the Blessed Virgin Mary.
"Sitting By" is the subject on which
Rev. E. Nelander will preach this
morning at the First English Luther
an Church. In the evening he will
talk on 'Rhoda. the Gatekeeper." j
This evening at 7:30 o'clock the
solemn ceremony of the erection of
the stations of the cross will take
place in the church of SL John the
Evangelist. Rev. Father Shanahan,
O. F. M.. will perform the ceremony
eppropriate to the occasion. The sta
tions were purchased by Rev. Father
Brady during his recent trip to Eu
rope and from an artistic standpoint
they are second to none in San Fran
cisco. The frames are designed by
the well known local architect, Frank
T. Shea, and harmonize perfectly with
the architecture of the church.
Erection of the Stations of the Cross
In the Church of St. John
the Evangelist.
SAX FRANCISCO NOW IX
TOUCH WITH NOME CITY
PASTORS WILL. TALK OX
INTERESTING SUBJECTS
"The third is the splendid vessel be
fore you, now waiting the command to
glide into the waters of the bay and to
be christened by Miss de Young, one of
the fairest daughters of the Golden
State. The Intrepid, bold, fearless and
undaunted, may she long sail the seas
as one of the schoolhouses of the
American navy."
Chaplain McAlester stepped to the
front as- the applause that greeted
Perkins' words died away. He uttered
a short prayer, at the close of which
the Intrepid, released by the customary
mechanism, started toward the water.
As she did so Miss' Helen de Young,
daughter of M. H. de Young of San
Francisco, gracefully christened the
new ship. ' .'. .
The first rivet was driven and clinched
In the keel. of the Intrepid on January
2 last by Admiral B. H. McCalla, Mayor
P. B. Lynch and President of the
Chamber of Commerce Frank R. Dev
lin. The Intrepid is a sailing-vessel.
She will be propelled not by steam, but
by sail power entirely. She is to be a
training ship, and has been made a
sailing. ship in recognition of the doc
trine" now generally conceded by all
naval officers, foreign as well as Ameri
can, that the best school for a twen
tieth century man-df-warsman is a
sailing ship. The Intrepid will hs bark
rigged. Her dimensions are: Length,
176 feet 5 inches; beam,- 45 feet 7%
"The next of the name was built
during the '70's and was a steam
armored ram. but did not win distinc
tion.
"When in May, 1900, during the Box
er war, an appeal came for help from
the legations at Peking, China, our
fleet of war vessels on the Asiatic sta
tion made up a detachment of marines
and sailors, under command of Cap
tain B. H. McCalla, now admiral and
commandant of this navy yard, and
joined the relief column with Admiral
Seymour. You all remember how well
they did their work and saved the for
eign legations from annihilation. Our
naval officers and men won the highest
praise from all, and the British admiral
said of them: "Their post was usually
in the advance guard, where their zeal
and go was praised by all." Again,
last November, the prompt action of
the captain of the U. S. S. Nashville in
landing his troops at Colon, on the
isthmus of Panama, saved the lives of
many American citizens and prevented
the destruction of the city.
"It is, in my opinion, the duty of our
Government, in the interests of peace
and good order, to maintain a strong
navy and man it with American citi
zens. It seems therefore eminently
proper that we should assemble lor the
purpose of congratulating the com
mandant of this navy yard, the naval
architect, naval constructors and of
ficers that have directed the work, and>
the mechanics that have fashioned
and builded this excellent vessel.
"The name selected by the Navy De
partment—the Intrepid— is the third of
the name in the navy to fly the Stars
and Stripes. The first named was for
merly a Tripolitan ketch called the
Mastico, that had been captured in 1803
by Lieutenant Stephen Decatur, after
ward Commodore Decatur, while In
command of the schooner Enterprise
during the war that the United States
waged against a set of pirates who in
fested the Mediterranean Sea and were
making raids upon American com
merce. The United States frigate Phil
adelphia while jn hot pursuit of a ves
sel that was running the blockade ran
upon a reef near the harbor of Tripoli.
The tide was falling and all efforts to
get her off failed. A few days later a
strong wind raised the waters and the
Tripolitans pulled the frigate off and
towed her to anchorage under the guns
of the fort. The work of destroying the
Philadelphia that she might not become
a part of the Tripolitan fleet was in
trusted to Lieutenant Decatur, who in
command of the Mastico. with a- picked
volunteer crew, entered the harbor and
successfully carried out the plan and
escaped without the loss of a man. This
achievement was pronounced by Lord
Nelson to be "the moat bold and. dar
ing act of the age.' The name of the
Mastico was changed to the Intrepid.
"The evolution of the American navy
excites the admiration of the world,
and its exploits during the recent Span
ish War has given it a stronger and
broader hold than ever before. The
United States has become a world pow
er for good, and our navy is a bond for
peace as well as an arm of protection
to our people in foreign lands and our
commerce on the seas.
Congress I call to mind the Mohican,
the Unadilla. the Pawtucket, the Les
lie, the Sotoyome, the double turreted
monitor Monadnock, the rebuilding of
the historic Hartford, Farragut's flag
ship at Mobile, and a large number
of barges and launches costing in the
aggregate several millions of dollars,
for which the Government has re
ceived full value, as every dollar was
paid out* for labor and material. All
repair work upon the ships of the
navy and United States transports
should be done In the navy yards,
which should be fully equipped with
all modern appliances.
"The navy is very dear to the Amer
ican heart. Its mention alone brings
a thrill of patriotic pleasure. It has
contributed some of the most brilliant
pages in our history. Its officers and
men are represented by citizens from
every State and Territory In the
Union, as every one of the 386 Con
gressional districts has a cadet at the
naval academy, while the President
appoints twenty additional cadets
from the sons of naval officers.
"The past half century has witnessed
a revolution in all things connected
with the navy. The wooden walls
have been replaced by walls of chilled
steej. The swelling sails have given
way to the propelling power of steam,
and "the man behind the gun" has
become master of the situation.
"While we do not number as many
ships as some of the other nations of
the world, yet for its size our navy is
the equal of any — and ship to ship,
manned by American " officers and
crew, it will never strike its colors.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9." 1904.
Continued From Pago 25, Column 1.
Intrepid Tab
to Water Like
Thing of Life
27
~~-~~v^^^_J : ¦ r nr nr -V-J-APVE^TJ^EM^T^ JUIJ ww^^.v- 1 .-.-LU.L..-.i.inr.
Al 1 511! 8 H u 8 I H I p F lr\p\ i
BJllllllfiL uUllLLI UOLO ;^T^ r k IN HIS
ONE of the greatest naval battles in the world was the Fight hesitation, he said: "I can cheerfully say that Mrs. Schley has
Off Santiago. Never since the dispersion of the Spanish taken Peruna and I believe with good effect." Such was the tes-
Armada has I a' u * u I R hi 1 there been -a timony of Admiral Schley.
more epoch- | A Historic Naval Battle. j making- vie- Like the Battle of Santiago, the thought was sprung upon him
tory in the onward march of civilization than in the notable event without any warning, and he disposed of it with the same vim and
of July 3, 1898, in which the great hero, Admiral Schley, took a decision as he did with the Spanish fleet led by the ill-fated Viscaya.
leading part. ' His words concerning Peruna have gone out into the world to
No patriotic citizen of the United States can fail to render him be repeated by a thousand tongues, because he had said them,
the homage due, and to accord him the glory so well deserved. Like the news of his victory over Cervera. his words concerning
1 It was a great naval battle. Without a moment's warning it be- Peruna will be\ A^ m/ra f' s or( / s Carry Weiqht. | cau S nt U P b - v
! gan. Quick decision, undaunted courage, excellent discipline, reso- the miiitirnrlpsl * * land passed
j lute self-confidence — these combined in .Admiral Schley to produce j from mouth *to mouth, across oceans and continents.
i that dash and daring so characteristic of the American soldier. Except for an inborn manly independence, in a country of free
j A man must think quickly in these days. Thereisvnb time for speech, these words never would have been uttered by an officer oc-
] slow action. New enterprises arise in an hour. Old ones pass cupying such a notable position as that of Admiral Schley.
i away in a moment. ' - . Except for a world-wide notoriety and popularity, such as Pc-
\ A multitude of great themes clamor for notice. A man must take runa enjoys, no remedy could ever have received such outspoken
! sides for or against by intuition rather than logical deduction. public endorsement by such a man.
i One day this fighting, admiral, Schlev, happened to be in com- His signed statement appears as follows: •
I P a n y .\ v . ith Admiral's Opinion on Pe-ru-na. I 1^1^ M r r / a n^ asnin^ on - D ' C '
! were talking J r , 1 on /various p eruna J) rug Co., Columbus, Ohio:
topics of popular interest. The subject of Peruna was raised-its Gentle men:--"" I can cheerfully state that Mrs.
popularity as a catarrh remedy, its national importance, its exten- p eruna and j beUeve with good
; S1VC USC. _ . -. . J ft . -.. « nr%Tfr ry
One asked his opinion upon the subject.. Without a moments effect. / cc/. o. Jt>i3^cz.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. SALE fWnT-fSTb fyg> CONTIN - •
J.JU Newest Styles A ~*&\) \
The sale is continued because of lzst week's success. Of '
• the 2000 pairs we started with, enough remains to supply •
those who come early this week. Come promptly to be sure .
of your size and style. They are all late styles. The leathers .
are patent kid. colt and calf and vici kid. Some have patent
, tips, some vici tips and some plain toes. You can have the heel
you want — Cuban. French or common sense. The <T *"> A f\ *
• regular selling price is $3.50, the sale price <P^ a *rU .
Mail orders will be promptly attended to.
SHOE CO . \ \
. 812-814 Market St. Phelan Building \
• * ' T.v.ii.o.h...T?ii.H.P.u.ti
¦"& *-¦¦¦•
Ean Francisco. Sunday, 0 October, 1901.
\) \\' !r
Six-foot oak
extension table, $13.50
Another " proof that "Breuner" prices mean
economy: A table of solid ' construction, neat de-
sign and finished in good style. Oak, golden color,
with top 42 inches square when closed. Five fluted
legs, with carved claw bases. Also the same table in
eight-foot length at $15.50. ,.•->;
Freight charges paid up to 50 miles on all " : '\^t
goods shipped out of the city.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co-.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Square
. ADVERTISEMENTS. *
: I Talk on Clothes
*ioJl|ifi MW^^^^^^^WP-- Reasons Why You
" .¦¦¦ J : " ; ;-^^Jf r^j-B^JB^rS?-^^^^:-- Should Buy Here
/ "* Y • • ¦ ' - w — JU-S& A >' )y WeNakeSuits
.^\''-'^m^ '"' ' : '"'' ¦ yy> < ' I® ' v ~^^'^ ;> -r. ,yj - ToOrderFrom
fg -¦jjjl L.Z,^.^_Ji '10.00 to '35.00
"^^1^^^^ ; - .^^¦^^-'-^^^SU^m^^mk ble cost the^only thing to dp is to order
— ffl /^^sSHHL^^PM ¦ your clothes here. There isn't a tailor on
r HOSIERY 20c I -^-i Vl/A r*r\V 4Tr\ I HATS*1.30 I
Sp3dal for Monday and Tuesday &./%l* Wwl II I U A) I i I * Th - se hats coms in a11 the Ia l est '
-men's cashmerehos!ery in black, W/^ l! v^ M Viy stiff and soft shapes; anywhere
gray, oxford and brown, regular . 740 Mapket and fke the P" 28 b $ 2 - 00 *» our P" 06
1 25c and 35c values for 20c a pair. | Corner Powell and Eddy , |is$1.30. I. Winnie Little, rooming at 208 O'Far
rell street, took too many cough tab
lets yesterday, and suffered from the
effects thereof to" euch an extent that
she had to be treated at the. Emergen
cy Hospital byDr. Kticichi The Tvqm
an-'declined' "to, givV any reason^ for
taking'- the overdose/ ¦ She ; had been
told the' tablets" are injurious if taken
In larsre Quantities. • '
Takes Too Many Tablets.
Car and Wagon Collide.
Dummy. 59 of theiSutter-street line,
westbound, collided with, an express
wagon laden with 1 : furniture at 12
o'clock yesterday at the. crossing of
Grant avenue.; -The driver of vtlie
wagon, a coljored j man, made an
successful attempt, to cross, the track
just as the car approached. .His error
of judgment resulted 'fin ' the dummy
hitlin'gMils left "fore wheel,* ¦.throwing
Frank Wilson," who was seated" aldtfg
sfd'e briiim. to* the stns'et: Wilson re
ceived -a- : lacerated wound ori"'theTleft
sfde of- 'his ¦ 'head: : An ambularice'cori
veyed Him to the Emergency Hospital,
where i)rV Kucfrfh dressed' the wound.
'"'¦ Victor Blank, who keeps a lodging
house at 120 Eleventh street, was ar
rested last night by Sergeant Blank
and charged at the Mission station
with criminal assault. It is alleged
that he decoyed Annette Fitzgerald, a
six-year-old girl, to a room in the
hrtuse owned by him' and' there at
tacked "Blank -is" a man of about
50 years of age. The child's condition
is serious. I She is the daughter of Mrs.
May Fitzgerald, a widow.
Charged With Assault.
The Delineator for • November.
Those who follow every caprice of Fashion,
•j-Tvell as these wlio have only the usual de
t]rt> to appear becomingly dressed, will. find the
November Delineator exceptionally interesting
and suggestive, while in the matter of fiction
«>nd.seneral literature an equally high standard
is maintained. The second part or Richard Le
£2 inentie s exijuisjte dream tale. "Pout. Take
Thy .-I-uter' contains some inimitable lyrics,
and there I* also a curious tale of the Western
cork hy Kthel Watts Mum ford, and a short
Htory by Dnne Coolidge, "Lone Turkey of Pi
nal,' containing many elements of Interest
and originality. W. Jay Mills has procured the
material for a most interesting chronicle of the
social wvents and personages of Old New York
which Is-given in th!» number of the mapazine
and illustrated with photographs never' before
published. \V. G. Fitz-Uerald tells the story
of the trials and heroism of the woman mis
sionary abrcad in an article that is graphically
illustrated, and the romance of Mozart and hi*
.Constance is related in the "Composers" se
ries. Dress in' its relation to health . is dis
cussed by Dr. Grace Peckharn Murray, -and
there Is a delightful paper in. the. "Joy of liv
ing" series, while for the ycung people. Clara
Morris, Ada Mario Peck and Albert Bigelow
Ealne -contribute pleasant and Instructive, ready
ing. The interests of the home are tfrated
thoroughly, with regard for the ' special de
mands of tlm Thanksgiving cearon. .
Water Floods Property Near Koethcn
and. Bodies of Victims Cannot
- B« Hecovcred. ...
¦ DESSAU, Duchy of Anhalt, Ger
many, "Oct. 8.— It is now known - that
all of the- eighteen miners imprisoned
by a sudden inrush of water and mud
in the Leopold Brown coal mine, near
Koethen, on Thursday, are dead. The
bodies of the men cannot be reached.
EIGHTEEN MEN DROWNED
IN GERMAN COAL MIXE
Marriage of Ogden Codman J*
NEW YORK. Oct. 8. — The mar
riage of Ogden Codman Jr. and Mrs.
Walter Wells took place to-day "at
Scarborough.
Josef Hofmann, the marvelous
young pianist, gave his farewell con
cert yesterday afternoon at the Al
hambra Theater. The programme was
up, to its usual standard, the young
genius receiving many encores. De
spite the bad weather, an immense
crowd listened to him.
Hofmnnn's Fait well Concert.
With each dollar purchase of our
choice old wines and liquors a 1-lb. pack
age of delicious California flgs. prunes
or "Seeded raisins. Rathjen Company,
139 Mason st. Phone, South 803. •
Free for a Few Days
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., Oct. S.—
Rains the past two days have again
flooded the lowlands along the Santa
Fe Railway track from Belen to Rin
ton. The repaired track between San
Ma.rclal and" Socorfo was washed out
again in many places, and conditions
south of here are as bad as they Were
a week ago.. Train service in that di
rection is again interrupted. Passenger
trains frorn California are again tied
up here, and. owing to the new Wash
outs south, they cannot be sent out to
be' detoured through Texas. .
Repaired Roadway Between San Mar
cinl and Socorro Is Washed Out .
and Traffic Stops.
HEAVY RAINS FLOOD
SANTA FE RAILWAY TRACK
WASHINGTON. Oct. S.— Several
days ago it was reported to the Pres
ident thnt the Copper River Indians
in Alaska were starving. He gave or
ders to the military officer command
ing at Fort Liscum to supply rations
to the Indians where necessary. Yes
terday the following telegram was re
ceived from Colonel Maculin. the coin
manding officer at Fort Li3cum.
"Indians not in need of rations now
at Copper Center."
President Orders Supplies Sent, but
Army Officer Reports Rumor of
Suffering Untrue. - * .
COPPER RIVER INDIANS
NOT IN NEED OF FOOD
GARRYSBURG. N. C. Oct. 8. —
Matthew W. Ransom, formerly United
States Senator from this State and
once American Minister to Mexico,
died suddenly at his residence in
Northampton County to-day. To-day
was his seventieth birthday. The
cause of death was heart failure.
Death of Former Senator Ransom.
"In order that" thisr office: may be of
the greatest possible assistance to the
teachers in the department confer
ences with the deputy superintend
ents will be arranged" on such prob
lems or topics as may be suggested by
any teachers. Such requests should be
made at once in order that the work^
may be properly planned."
The Manual Trajning and Drawing
Teachers' Association will meet Octo-y
ber 15, 1904, irt the .United Arts and
Crafts building, 2203 Central avenue,
near Clay street. The programme^ill
be:* 10:15, a. m., drawing in the East-
Cfn States,' drawings from Massachu
setts will be exhibited;, 12 m*^I basket
lunch; 1:15 p., m., manual training.,
domestic science and arts at the St.
Louis.; Exposition (Dr.- David S. Sned
den of Stanford University will'lead
the presentation); 2:45 p.m., arrange
ments for the December meeting at
San, Jose. ' ; \l I
, The gre.at value' and importance of
good training in reading is -so much to
bo desired as .to ,lead. to the request
that e.ven greater attention than, has
already been given this subject be de
voted to it." ¦ ¦ /' * .
The circular continues
Acting Superintendent of Schools
Macurda Issued a circular, yesterday
to principals and teachers containing
a notification that to-morrow after
noon, at 4 o'clpck. in the Girls'
High School there will h^rftrfReetiug.
of all teachers who contribute to the
annuity and retirement fund, to con
sider an important project- to increase
the fund. . ¦¦¦ .,• ;'.-. ...
Meeting of Contributors Will Be Held
, To-Monow to Consider Pro
posed Project. ," ;
Shocked by finding that his home
had been torn un and its contents
thrown into confusion, Julius Wegner
is said to have died of cerebral hemor
rhage on June 23, and yesterday his
widow, Mrs. Bertha Wegner, sued to
recover $25,000 damages from Emile
E. Kahn und A. J. Rich & Co.
-• Kahn owns a three-story building^on
Minna street, between Fourth .-• and
Fifth,.- and. rented the • lower- flat
te-W'egner and his 1 wife. On June
20; while they were ; absent. Rich &
Co., according to the allegations, forci
bly entered the house to make repairs.
They tore Up the kitchen floor, put
the stove and cooking utensils in an
other room and piled the furniture
and a quantity of lumber in confu
sion. When- the Wegners returned in
the, evening, says the complaint. th,e
husband was co shocked at "the wreck
of his home" that he was rendered
unconscious and died . three days
later.
Mrs. Bertha Wcgnrr Sues Property
Owner and Agents for
', "*,;•; £$25,000 Damages.
PLAN TO INCREASE THE
TEACHERS' , ANNUITY FUND
SAYS .HUSBAND WAS. KILLED
BY WRECKING OF HIS HOME
Minister From Slam Visits Exposition.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. S. — Unknown gen
erally to the exposition officials *Phya
Akaraj Varadhara, Minister from
tiiam to the United States, has been
visiting the World's Fair for the past
¦wc'fk. He probably will remain a
week longer.
Postmaster Appointed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Oct. S.—Rob
ert P. Kelsey has been appointed post
master at Elks, Spokane County,
Wash., vice George H. Curtice, re
signed; Isaac S. ,Hurd as postmaster
at Stones. King County, Wash., vice
Charles Schumann, resigned.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. S. — Governor
Pardee paid a touching tribute to the
memory of Walter S. Melick to-day.
He said:
"The State of California lost, when
Walter S. Melick died, one of its best
and most efficient servants. There
never was a time when he did not do
his very best and his best was always
good. He was always Just, but never
unbendingly severe. . He was always
most industrious, but never impatient.
"Personally, I feel his loss as I
would that of one of my own family.
Officially. I know that California never
had a more loyal and patriotic citizen
and official."
Governor Pays Touching Tribute to
Walter S. Melick.
PARDEE IS SHOCKED.
Manager Greenbaum has arranged • to
have the great pianist. Josef Hofrnaiin.
stop over one day on his way East from
Southern California anil give a pop
ular concert at the Tfvoli Opora
house nn Sunday afternoon next .at half
past two. The prices will range from
50c to $1.50. A magnificent programme
has been arranged of works not played
at previous concerts. The programme
includes Beethoven's Sonata Appasslon
ata. three of the charming Mendelssohn
Songs Without Words, a proup of six
Chopin works in which the Polonaise
Fantaisie. Chant Polonaise and G flat
Impromptu art in evidence, and the final
group of wnrks. which will certalnlv
arouse the audienoe-to-th'e highest pitch
of enthusiasm, consisting of Isolde's
Liebestod and the Feuerzauber transcrip
tions. Mnskowski'3 Ktincelles and the
ever popular Second Rhapsodle of Liszt
Seats will be ready on "Wednesday
morning at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s, whep
complete programmes may be obtained.
The Farewell -SuntLiy Popular Concert
by Josef Hofmann.
« -"The investigating boards referred. to incyour paper Were duly ordered
by authority' of the depot quartermaster, the first of which was directed to
ascertain facts in connection with certain irregularities said to exist in, the
transport branch of the depot, the second board being ordered to investigate
matters relating to the transport service, and in which Harry T. Scott, quar
termaster's purveyor at the, dock,-> was interested. My connection with these '
boards 'was that of a member, and the report or insinuation that my assign
ment to a station in the Philippines. wiis the result of .these investigations,
directly or indirectly, is without any foundation' in fact. * "
"My transfer to the Philippines was contemplated long prior to the in- «
Ktitutiori of the investigation of the transport service in issue here and was
due to the fact that during my six years' service in the army I had not
seen any foreign land t^ervice. •_, There- wc-re two other quartermasters trans
ferred to duty in the Philippine Islands in the same order, and in the regular
way we are to relieve officers there who have seen- their terms of service in
the islands and are entitled to home stations.". . . . "; '
Continued * From ' Pagt ¦'' 25, Col uhms 5 "and 6.
, • ., 4 _ . I •%F'-v .*».¦¦;¦ »7.,' -'¦ -. v . »•» 4v 4 ¦•>" i.,i t'iMV *,i ?*¦« . .v
NEW YORK. Oct. 8.— {The Sates
via the United States Government ca
ble from Sitka to Valdez, Alaska, have
been announced and are considerably
lower than those by way of the old
route. . fc'
The rate from New York to Valdez
is $3 60 for ten words via the new.
route. The rate via the old route was
$5 50. All stations north of Valdez to
Eagle City the tariff is $4 via the new
route, against rates varying from
$470 to ?550 via the old route. To
the section west from Central to St.
Michael the rate is now $4 50, against
rates varyipg from $4 90 to $6 50,
while to Nome the rate is now $6,
against a rate of $6 90 for ten words
via the old route.
Tariff for % Message Sent Over the New
. Route Is Considerably
Lowered.
CHICAGO. Oct. 8. — At a conference
held in Chicago to-day between a rep
resentative of the Department of Ag
riculture, C. W. Carlyle, professor of
agriculture and animal industry in
the Colorado agricultural experiment
al station, and Eugene Grubbs of the
Colorado State Board of Agriculture,
plans were formulated for the con-,
ducting of experiments in breeding
American carriage horses with the
trotting horse as a foundation. The
experiments are to be conducted at
Fort Collins, Colo., under Government
fupervision and with the aid of Fed
eral money, the sum of $25,000 having
been appropriated for this purpose by
the Ian Congress.
Plans Formulated for Experiments in
Breeding American Carriage .
Horses. .
Auxiliary Civic Club of Sari Mateo on
Friday and Saturday, October 28 and
29, in % the spacious auditorium of the
athletic club building. San Mateo is
rich in greenhouses, and the profusion
and varieties of flowers grown in the
vicinity will enable the management to
give an unequaled floral exhibition.
About $200 will be distributed among
first prize winners, and already the
competition for space has become very
keen. The premium list calls for five
classes of exhibits.
¦ The Women's Civic Club" includes
many of the most prominent ladies of
the • community, and . their labors for
civic Improvements have done much
to beautify the town. The proceeds of
the present enterprise will be devoted
to the same cause. Following is the
committee of arrangements: Mrs. Al
fred B. • Ford, president; Mrs. John
Johns, Mrs. Charles "E. Green, Miss I.
L. Tebbetts and Mrs. J. H. Doane, sec
retary.
Civic •¦.Improvement „ Club Arranges
. Event .That -i Will R<kUmnil to
, ._ Credit or Ladles,*. ~ j
'SANMATEO, Oct. 8.— A coming event
of wide interest in Ju,cal Society is ' the
second afinuat.-flower show, to be given
under the auspices of the_\Vomen's
REDUCTION IX THE .CABLE .
RATES TO ALASKAN POINTS
SCIENTISTS WILL STRIVE' %%¦
IXm EQUIXE IMPROVEMENT
AYOMEX OF SAX 3IATEO
PLAN A FLORAD SHOW
The General Metals Company has
its principal offices in New "York City,
but operates a reduction plant in Col
orado City. September 21 a petition
in bankruptcy was filed against the
company by the creditors charging an
indebtedness of S 1,500.000. and Al
bert Roeker was appointed receiver
by the Federal Court in New York.
When he came to Colorado to take
charge of the plant he found it in the
hands of the United States Jlarfchal.
and the- petition before Judsre'llairett
was that the order of receivership t>->
made ancilliary to the order of,- |he
New Yorfc courts.
DENVER, Oct. S. — Judge Moses
Hallett in the United States District
Court to-day denied the petition of
Joseph M. Bacon. Henry C. Palmer
and Russell Parker asking the court
to relinquish jurisdiction in the bank
ruptcy case of the General Metals
Company of New York and tr> allow
all proceedings to be transferred to
the New York court. |
Bankruptcy Case of General Metala
Company Cannot Bo Transferred
to Xnv Yort.
UNITED STATES COURT WTLL
NOT GIVE IP JLTUSDICTIOX
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8.— Walter S.
Melick, secretary of the State Board of
Examiners and owner and editor of the
Pasadena News, died at Pasadena this
morning at 5 o'clock. Several days ago
he underwent an operation for a se
rious stomach trouble, and he never
rallied from the shock. He was one of
the best known politicians and Journal
ists of the State, having served several
terms in the Legislature and held vari
ous offices of trust.
Funeral services will be held in the
First Afethodist Episcopal Church of
this city at 2:30 o'clock to-morrow aft
ernoon. Governor Pardee and other
State officers will attend, arriving here
about noon to-morrow.
Walter S. Melick was born in Blooms
burg, Pa., in 1863. He came to Califor
nia in 1886, locating In Antelope Valley,
where he became editor of the Lancas
ter Gazette and engaged actively In
local county politics. 'He lived in An
telope Valley for nearly nine years,
when he was- induced by Senator B. W.
Hahn to come to Pasadena and take an
interest In the Pasadena Daily News.
He' has been editor of that paper ever
sinee. He: served, in the State Legisla
ture through the sessions of 1897. 1899
and 1901. Governor Pardee appointed
him secretary of the State Board of
Examiners in 1903.
WALTER S. MELICK. STATE OF
FICIAL. WHO DIED YESTERDAT
AT PASADENA. j
One of the most practical acts of
the .congress was to favor the estab
lishment in the leading cities of the
world of branches of the International
Peace Bureau at Berne, so that the
masses of the people might be brought
to the" understanding .that inter
national ' harmony amprig all people
was the sane and natural principle of
life. " ¦:
Besides adopting resolutions de
nouncing war and calling for the
creation of international' obligatory
arbitration treaties, - the congress
passed upon specific conditions.
One of its last acts was to recom
mend an inquiry by the powers into
the Congo Free State, which is at
present under the personal rule of
King Leopold of Belgium. The pres
ent Russo-Japanese " w'ar was treated
by a resolution calling upon the Em
perors of the two countries to end the
conflict at once, or, that failing, for
the Dowers to exercise the authority
granted by article 27 of The Hague
treaty and intervene, so that the war
might be terminated. - . < >
In this connection the congress sug
gested to the powers the adoption of
a. positive peace-making and peace
insuring treaty under .which all war
will be possible but for a short period.
BOSTON", Oct. 8.— There were two
aspects memorable In their nature, ac
cording to s Jthe delegates themselves,
which made a pronounced impression
during the deliberations of the Inter
national ij Peace Congress, \yhlch was
brought to a close to-day after many
meetings extending throughout the
week. One of these was that the con
greps, together with the numerous
public gatherings, which were held
under its auspices^ .constituted one of
the most remarkable e'duc'atlonal ¦ in
fluences ever observed in America.
The se,cond aspect or conviction was
that this year's congress should prove
of vast.- efficiency ••toward the attain
ment of universal peace, If an aroused
public 8e"ntiment and a thorough ex
position of the absurdity and horror
of warfare was to be of any avail
whatsoever. .. •> ,-.
The congress was adjourned to-day,
to continue its work in 1905 at Lu
cerne, Switzerland.
BOSTON. Oct. S.— The greetings of
the Anglican church In Canada were
transmitted to the Episcopal General
Convention at a brief session to-day
by Right Rev. Charles Hamilton. Bish
op of Ottawa; Right Rev. James Car
mlchael. Bishop Coadjutorof llontr«al.
and Dean Evans, also of 'Montreal.
Bishop Hamilton thought that {h*
United States might well adopt sonia of
the methods of dealing with divorce
which were in vogue in his . country,
where the courts which sever marriage
ties had little to do.
The business session of the conven
tion was ended at noon . for the, week.
the Archbishop of Canterbury, the
Bishops and deputies and the women's
auxiliary devoting the .afternoon to
sightseeing and a trip to Cambridge.
The Archbishop of Canterbury will
preach in Trinity Church to-morrow,
and the other Episcopal pulpits of the
city will be filled by Bishops or other
prominent churchmen.
It is announced that the divdrce ques
tion will be taken up by the convention
on Monday.
Richmond. Va.. is favored by many
delegates as the place for the conven
tion of 190 ». and it is understood thata
committee, of which J. P. Morgan *is
chairman, will recommend that city.
The fund raised by the Women's Aux
iliary for the board of missions now
amounts to 5130,000. the largest in the
church's history.
One of Its Last Acts Is to Eec
ommend Inquiry by Powers
Into Congo Free State
Troublesome Question Will
Be Taken Up and Thor
oughly Discussed Monday
MEETS AGAIN IN 1905
TO DEAL WITH DIVORCE
Delegates to the -Episcopal
Conference Devote After
noon to Pleasure Trips
Gathering of One of tie Most
Eemarkable Educational
1 Influences 'Ever in America
PEACE CONGRESS
COMES TO END
BRIEF SESSION
OF CONVENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1904.
Death Claims Secretary
of Board of Examiners
Walter Melick Dead
28
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f Let •.Columns a .convenient- ref-
erence; -I- ••• • - . ¦ . '
Hqu§«5 at Moderate Rates you
will find our Flat and House to
Modern Flats/ and Up-to-Datc
WHEN" . SEEKING
STAIN EL'S INLAID
LINOLEUMS
W.&J. SLOAN R&CO,
¦FUBNITUBE-CARPETS-RUOS-DRAPEiUES' "
114 -122 POST ST., S.F.
$1.00 PER SQUARE YARD I. A I Y\
For one week only we offer this celebrated
Inlaid Linoleum at this greatly reduced price.
Our carpet assortment is the largest in this city, and occupies
the entire 6lh and 7 th floors. Prices always as low a% the
lowest quoted elsewhere An early inspection is invited. '
.;¦—:--¦ ADVERTISOIEXTS.
I SHOE 0F^^^^^^^fe-^
i| Soro^ Health Leather is a V M^eV^^^^H' ' 1
J ventilating leather, which per- ¦ ' ™W f ~\^^0%fflmM ||
II mils the foot to breathe freely, ff " \\^ ftffflMm i
I thus keeping it free from inoi's- / ,y\\|A "ft ff/llvjg?**. S
ij ture and protrcting the health ( \ '.^yV: A' ', ' MIMa S
\ and insuring the comfort of \ \ W'MMhW H
II the wearer. This leather is V \ W fflffljg ¦ H
B having a great vogue among \ V V^HWk W
n the exclusive 5-ct. for it comes ' -. .' ". \ 'VV^K^j^S^ .'. . H
H in shapes that have made • • ¦ ¦ \ .V- 1 H
|j Sorosis the prettiest as well as \'.V WEBl 1 . ||
N the mostTcstful shoe known. '• : \\\\\ hIHVa 'iH
I books f *J?e. wearcrs of Soros!s (f rom our London " ;\u j||M ' I
II Duchess of Arcoa. iJady Henry Sonerspt \i'i llllUUVv W
f| Prince^ Ghilw. Duchro. of Xewc^Itle -U isNv I
\ iscountess Darcy. Countess of .Stratford. jj I ',^^N B
I QQ kfl SOBOSIS SHOES Are On CO ' -IllJl^^i
loOiJU Within Reach of ALL Q J,0 U Jars 1
u of the American f J^ M
II First, prize.. HERBERT O. ISHAM. • 139S > 'i '£.?.«¦.
jl OTarrell ftrpet. city; second prize. RUTH TFN" ¦
p EYCIC 137ft Geary street, city; third prize. "Wrt- • J "•>.' 1 B
B LIE ASHKR. 524 Post street, city; fourth prize M
B J. S. PJ2L-LETUER. 517 Leavenworth street, city 1 ' WW%MM
Q fifth prize. .'MABEL GALVIM. >2204 Polk street!
¦ city; sixth -prize. GRACE -iMcCAM LEV. 381 Oak J :•'->*¦•
h street, city; "seventh vrize. FLORENCE DU BOIS, J 1" .
I SOROSiS v$HOEB\RLOR IKft^^HOESrORE-
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; ; .''' '.'."." |
Prices cut* to . the quick and Liberal Credit* for all. We must*, Cob»
£1J| 1 jjWjfV \ H double our sales before the winter comes. The roof is off where the bier fe^^^^^) 1
r£ : i^S rl carpenters are building more floors, and now that the heavy rains Arm VTfttwrV 1
ffk f fil fffii? j are here, all the furniture on our upper floors must be sold or go back ftOCKe^lJll|i|^^0 |
\&\fPUj ; 7 to the warehouse. So we offer prices cut* to the lowest* and liberal <E Ml5"| |
jjwi ffiYi I > credit* doubled, to double our sales. This is the chance of the year. OTgfe^^^f I
'1-1 1^1 S 75 - 00 3 ' PIECE PARL0R SET W p-> -n^St^S I^^^^^^^Bl
£»j TS-— and covered with assorted French Damasks. Ihisweek. V/tk Q(J ' ' jf^fSP W^y^&pS W\
$22.50* Extension fable — ; ~~" V7^SP~ """ "" ll— 'h '&IMz " ""^g |
i A highly r n '-phed, nil quarter- §^ <f^^^^*^L J ' eU '¦
™?™?*ow£.:™': $15 i J^S\ $69 I?* 09 3=PIECE BEDR00M SET I
' /{^'- D Va J^V^. -^.-,.)lky 1 *i I#U^ French. plate mirror. A 4-4 Red and |i
\f^'. ",-^^^^j j: J Vj Parlor Chair \"^t^^^7 W| 83 Waio?- '^gl'^ >-'iff^ Ij| 3.4 size; made' ' "^""'" ' ' g)
luff \J .11 * . . I , . ¦ *-^ * • **^ ML- I f DQ, A' new line of steamships is to be es- I
tablished between* Callao. Peru, and I
Chinese ports, via Panama. Passen
gers as well as freight will be carried.
Thai watf-r will find its level is quite
es tru..- uf watered Kto c k. as jr.any reek-
less speculators are learning in Wall
street.
BERLIN, Oct. 8.— Fresh trouble has
broken but' in German Southeastern Af
rica. *' The \Witbers tribesmen.' who -had
hitherto been faithful to .the "Germany,
are in revolt. - Governor -Leutweln in
telegraphing. this. news to the Govern
ment* says 'the Withers 'have attacked
the station at Kuls, on the Fisch River,
and are reported' to ' be -attacking 'the
station at Hoachan. As all the Withers
who -were with 'the German forces at
Gibeon have, deserted and envoys have
gone, to the Bastards, another tribe,, to
urge "them to rise,, the revolt, of the
Withers is a, serious . mattej, since they
have hitherto been loyal, had. supplied
recruits', for . the native troops, and -were
relied on greatly as; scouts. . No expla
nation Js given, of the present discon
tent.r •. . ...
John Morley's" friendship with Car
negie and the unbounded friendship
which the former > enjoys among the
general body of trade unionists.,, have
gone a long, way toward effecting a
reconciliation; between the more mod -
LONDON, Oct. . 8.— When Andrew
Carnesie a few months ago expressed
a wish to provide a trade union hali
for London the idea was ridiculed by a
number of trades union leaders, who
cannot forget the great Pittsburg
strike. Meetings have been held pri
vately Fince the offer was made, and
although a large section of the labor
leaders are , opposed to having any
thing to do. with Carnegie or his\sur
plus dollars, there Is a responsible por
tion of them prepared to bury the
hatchet.
REVOLT AGAINST
KAISER'S RULE
CARNEGIE HALL
NOW IN FAVOR
erate of the labor leaders and the mil
lionaire. The views of the moderate
section have now, been placed before
Carnosie, and th'ere is every hope that
before he leaves for the United States
all the differences will be adjusted and
a Carnegie Trade Union Hall in 1 Lon
don will be an accomplished fact. .
It is estimated that a building, suffi
ciently large to accommodate the trade
unions of London and the surrounding
district can -be put up for about $150,
000. The expenses of furnishing would
not devolve upon ¦ Carnegie, because
the various unions have sufficient fur
niture already that could be easily
moved into the new building. A site
hase been fixed upon in • Grays Inn
lioad.' close to the termini "of the large
railways. ¦ . ' ',¦•,-.••
THE . SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER .0. 190*.
29
™ K EMPORIUM. \ THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIU3I. t THE EMPORIUM. ' | THE EMPORIUM. 1 THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM.
ri*|f'.|r > .|r'o* sVyyyVaVkyBVafBVVaVMMIIttMMtiUltMWliWktitMMkiMlateteMk.k.k.^.^
| fy^ w . | Remarkable Carpet Offering this Week \ °z>* 1 ™^:iZ°" -^
\ Brussels and Velvets at Lowest Prices Yet Quoted J^ci^it // /** *
f cAuroRNiAs largest- / -,-— « - —^^ Plenty of carpets offered about town at about the prices we quote and even lower — but not such carpets as- fyrM££^±^M£MjisL44£/fti^_
x "^^^^^^iUBERicA's grandest store these are. Note that they are standard brands that everybody knows, and remember that the prices include sewing, cAuroBNivsLAnGzsT^^^^^^^m^ *" **
I lining and laying. -^^m"" 1111 " a- EWC a- s crudest stors
s &M./& uons 91.1U Sanford's 10-wire AA^ Excellent Star Genuine Wilton ftl^ f^ ffc 1^2^^^
I An opportune sale of beautiful dolls, to Tapestry Brussels ZfVJC Tapestry Brussels DOC Velvet Carpets ztlC IPPttilfiQL'-' Icili^iO^
J. dress during vour spare moments, for • - - : -•• ; ¦¦' . '¦ ri HIIvv BxftJLaQJ'flAa^J'
K Christmas Full patent jointed cucier Choice of 20 fine patterns for par- 80 pieces, which include some of* You know what good floor cover- c . ., , , T , r ...
I mache, 20y 2 inches long, sleepin* Jors, dining-room, bedrooms, halls the newest effects in carpet weaving.;:' ings these .handsome Wilton Parlor *»f. *™} d^ isi ns-l U and2'lbc^To n ns
I eyes, teeth, full woven mohair wig, ™d stairs. j At above price while quantity lasts. ; Carpets are-a choice of 60 pieces.
* shoes and stockings, bjondes or bru- The Rug Department (the largest on the Coast) offers exceptional' 4H9 1 4i1fi 4*2fi 4&27 1 of low pries Will not guarantee wagon deliv-
* nettes— Monday only $1.1 0 values in 9x12 Kashmire, Smyrna and Axminster Rugs' at - - Y*~[?9.'.*r m **9;*P~**9 2 eries on dav of purchase.
I Sale Infants' 50c Shoes at 39c. L^L Women's Suits *25 £L\ Handsome Silk Beaver Hats $7 .50
I M^ m Jl'ZlZ'^f Here are a group of suits that will take the. town by The demand for correct, moderately priced
S Jf£ I L *L fn ™ ,— nl^ 4 iiffir.nf <ftX P f s storm. At the price, thev are incomparable in style, millinery will be more than satisfying by the J^M.
1 U V /^fiLSbL wS^^il^ mS^ quality, workmanship and trimmings. We will cu.ir- rich and varied showing now readv for the
1 1 >cO|^ rSSii SsrJ " 7 - 50 the best vaiue inspection of our patrons in
I the extraordinary price, thirty-nine cents the In town at Twent >" flve DolLls - lors and French Salon on second floor. There
* _ y^^^^P 3^' In tne lot there are pink and white button Fine Black Voile The 52; - 00 Suits — Can be you wi jj f m d style-thoughts and color-schemes from L
* C^S^ / £¦? slices; pink, white and blue and chocolate-color- Dress skim — Made MxsjU&0^ had in black or navy plain the world's most authentic'sources. One of the most v~ !*U
j; H***^^ f ed shoes; white, blue and champagne kid-top and in the most ap- clotns » in ma ny stylish favored styles is F^^^w
* \l ¦ patent leather shoes. All patent leather sandals, proved style, and. Jt~*) -A^ novelty mixtures and Hand - ftme c t j" k B eaV cr Hats— In the new tricorn shane— /&
i m\^ ctc - never sold regularly under 50c the pair, ne , tIy t ./. J^ fMkf mannish cloths and in nan «°m« ™* Hcavcr nals me new tncorn shape ;
I fe^C,. V) Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, if ' , Av^v **WW choice coverts; almost shown in illustration- trimmed with beautifully blended shaded
g - — quantity lasts 33C med WIth / / \/^\ any stvle of coat "~ silk, in colors of blue, gradually shading into different shades of
J Children's Box Call Shoes— DaH gondola kid tops, full round toes and tips, spring hce's. the band 5 and / A\ J' [K^^w^Xi the 24-inch fitted green, and brown shaded into champagne, or light blue shaded into
j $1.25 i:mi. 9 xo it. sale price . . . S8c straps of taf " / y J.' /\\\\ J'-fll jacket, 27-inch terra-cotta. These hats are finished with handsome
* Misses' shoes— Like above, with low school heel, the $1.50 sizes, n # to 2, aaie price . .$1.12 feta silk ~"/.*{ /fed'([i)i\\ 1 / P} \ coats with vests breasts or pompons and are very specially priced at $7m5O
|: Z ~ Z 7ZZ TZT. 1 7TZ T™ i haVe^^lrffr4^/ * lik^l 27 ?iM$ e b6i White Beaver Hats-A beautiful creation, in the most popular of this
I Double Bed PeqUOt Sheets, 64C handsome ¥ JiiftSiA coats and the season's shapes-styles that cannot be obtained else- o o -
5: And Other Great Values fn Domestics Sllk drop \\\i lyiJhv W^fcM met *,\ 0UT \l X wn ere for less than $5.00, are marked &**.&&
J' Substantial saving* will be made by thrifty shoppers who patronize our domestic depart- skirts. If *\\J J ip /^r'|rTfl\^ even'ien^th^uri- Ll * M BIuc Evcnfa 8 or Drcss Rainy-Day Hats— In cam- Children's School or Every
aV ments on Monday. Dealers cannot buy thc sheets and sheeting that we will offer any cheaper YOU need a Vll 1 W'ci 111 I • 1 II I lin«H «i^irTc <imA Hats — Made of handsome , , . . , .. . " ... Day Hats— In Camels' hair
I than you can. ' " separate A W V U 1 fr o them DlaTn ' velvets, and trimmed with els ha.r felt, bound with felt> trimmed with straps
J Pequot Sheets-Thc 5e nu: ne P^uot BdchcdShrctf, ComTorters — Well made, silkoiine covered, . .. /I\nl %l'll I '¦ \\ \ f?^ some fl-ire ole-it- P Iumes » «ncludin2 the new. -velvet, finished with gold of velvet ribbon, S1.7:>;
J- » -rthrhe brand s-^mped on everv one of them. There ' . ,. , , k . - r , dr "s skirt //At %\J) I \\ \ / ? fI ! r ij fli ' tricom. and all leading ... . .. also sailor hats, with silk
f r ««. wh-ch advent at sales cuin well- tofted k.nd. good white n.Img. i » d«« . f . // 1 \T IX i ' w( V • \ or' !,,' shapes of the season, buckle or buttons, ribbon bows and streamers,
» kn«»n brands ot good* and thsn tubstrtute tomething eUe. only, OH Monday, each at 7fl O « a l e / // I \ YVv) MjS.lt * . a great aS- «#ff f^^Off «f OR't^ <RtZt\ flB« M C5> /I
k « not , 0 her C . These *h« JS : ' 7 this offering / /^ /^ 1 VY// iWVk sortmentfor $15 to 925 . 5/.S5 to. Sb.OU BOG tO OZmOO
% s:n g > bed, 54x60. each 44c Sa/e Wrapper Flannels— «°. °oo J\ -V)J \V\ vour choice '
Uoublebrf, 8ix 9 =, ,ach . 64o yards and over of new serviceable dark fl*n- :lt ' s -«--^_^ l\ ¦ \\S£ ; 1/i'fMMiie Qt/aV onrf H *•**<* a /3n«r/c
f Lir.tn Finuh Shttts — H:a\v qualitr, tullj bleached, madr ' , ,. . . , , , XT /•/ / I \j \_-?y • . WifMOrOUS Offfl 3mMU MJrCSS VtOOOS
I «P«:a:iy for the Emporium, si« 8 1 * 9 d inches, a pood ncls, for fall and winter wear, heavy cloth A|A j-f* V>J/ /j . V*T^ €l1>CZ -,'. a«-^r .x «^ -* 9 *> r
x roc value, M.niav, «ch. .. i ..... . 57 C and absolutely new, would be considered %Pl4mmOU 4~P 9^*? ' PriCC CuWiigS for Monday's Safe
* S tSS^ % Z r^^^t>?;£™ZZ ¦ ?nLtU^; C cialnri r c d ;° ffCrCdfOrMOnday .^^- J - / . Three very desirable Silk Weaves-Vaiue, from 6 5 c :io 7 S c the yard, 'arc offered Monday at
I the freight _t*o width, onlv, on Moncav, at the very special price S1.5O NCW WOOJ Wafsts 98c. Forty-Bve Cents. BlacK SIIK Tafleta. not weighted with any foreign substance, but pure silk.
»: Sngle bei, ?4 inch, yard f4' 2 'c 7^/%f* r> • • Ti T j 1 -i ' •**»•» .ustrou* and sott to the tcuch; glace poplins, «oft finish, in creim. white, gray, sky and pink;
£ D JU b:e bed, si inch, yarj 2o c M/2,%0 Beginning Monday, and while quantity , lasts, several a ' 5O a limited number of novelty silks, in imati deiigns for shirt waist» or shirt waist yy EZ**
i Pi "°eu n^"74*rinche S^e ;i «ch rad^ Fine Blankets- Gcod c.ufornia wool, we u made, . hundred very fine", wool waists, in black, red; green, suiis. aii marked tor Monday •» sewing, per yird . . . . ... . nr&C7
J Wool' FiMnVis- J Far nC wMjp., M «aV.; ere'.,' fuiiv 7 7 «ttle mussed from dUp.ay, in two shev brown, blue, etc., all neatly embroidered down* front; Desirable Dress Fabrics tor Street Wear -New and stylish mixed homespuns, cheviots and
£ i^Eimt« C onw va^r 11^ ""'^ '"S *"&£££!££** T^. V^ .'T'^Voff gOO^ $1.50 Values are Offered, each .... ... ... .. : ... 98C tweeds, good .ooking fabrics .of.domestic manufacture— strictly all twisted yarn— the designs quiet
£ Outing fl*xmth-l7\ hundred'good' «vle' s ani colorings For single bed*- 5 6 inches wide, J 4 .oo F airki.-u\ Coats and Jackets for $12.50 Walking Coats for $6.75 * nd unobtrusive, in widths from. 55 to s 6 inches, values from 75c up to $1.25 thc fSQf%
i V" • • • • 7} lO sale price $3.28 A , arge , iriety o f ranging frcm the Ju,t the «hn S for the busihe-.. uoman or y^d/ > Monday and Tnesd,y,if .quantity lasts, your choice ...
* m^ m "~™^ "" "™"^~ """"^ "^ "™"™ """"™^ "^ "^™"™^ ""^^ mmm^^^^^~^~ 21-inch fitted-back jacket to the 42-inch young mi»s— a sutstant'al dressy tai tr jacket —^ "^ "^^^ ¦¦¦¦¦^ "^^^^^^^^i^«^^
t Pretty Gilt Framed Pictures 38c i^^^^0^ : i^S'rSl^t:. $7.50 Liberty Silk and Net Capes $1.98
I Finely Colored pictures in landscape and life effects, a large Variety " ' h miltufe w °"^ d ¦ ' " cad ° f : '°- 5 ° ° ur prl<;e • • • • 6 ' 7g Less than a hundred of these' beautiful neckpieces remaining from a recent sale— so you must come
J' of subjects— framed in gilt, beaded border molding, with ornaments, r . ,„ ~u££aLi:2£l n..~~t**~ c a^r/,w«HYiofc " car: x ll * y° u wilh to icculi 0Be for !e " than OBe:third of il » « al wo « h - Th «y «« black, black
*- size 11x13 inches. Would be cheap at 75c each, special for - 'J»snanasomeuuarier-saweab<Men^aK^ an d white «nd white and b^k. Liberty si: k; Momseiine and Net Cape, with ends, trimmed
I Monday only 38c $25.00 Dresser $15.65 : n tit"
J^ m.f. 9 f% A f*S—t**' liV/M#«a matter ow Iow *' le P r ' ce we Quote on furniture (and we ._..... . / -. - . •
> aVlOn S &JVGi*QQ*lt$ Uins Winter guarantee our regular prices are always 20 percent, under'^ .exclusive i^^a f "8/ 1 "'"' : IVl3iJi*3S CurtsiflS 82(2
i gHjim w- n Dresses— CoatS furniture bouses) you will find the articles perfectly constructed, of .lUrQPRAlLILanjL- ¦--•.'• • ¦"' ¦¦•••••¦^ %^mmm mmmmmm^ «**¦«*
J %p12mOU Juvenile Dept Second Floor. good substantial material, in proper style, and satisfactory in every ¦' Sale Lace Curtains, etc,
t New Men's Dtp* i. "Just inside the door" Our great offer of a Bf#sl»ffs// wa V- 'Note^se values: ' • • y ¦ ' W.MtlllOPfl •.../-•'." Another Great Curtain Sale scheduled for Monday:
*>* Panci P.atino Photo ot yourse t or Golden OaK Drcs- ; Sanitnry-Stcelc /<7^. .. .^m-«^-; V- fV .' ' -'- r* j j j • i_ •
k! It is overcoat time now—sure enough. If you are look- . f f '., . scr-Quarter saw- -^r^^S^ . Couches When J £* C4 ?™ m -2£ *} f^A : Madras.Cvrtatas— Cream ground, green, red «nd pink itnpes.
I ing for a good, serviceable, dressy coat, at a modest price. j uteIy free o f chmr/e sdll hold^ Rood ed 42 -inch base, (CZ^/^7j)* open- make -a full ' - 3 X k"^ " f oom or OO fi
J. we recommend and guarantee these. Our -London Coat" f^ T»Te JaveSe deCl swell front, W /, / 1 W Sixe bed, equipped |£ /'^IVIi^f^l j ,„, at the very spcaal price, per pair V^C
J —50 inches long, has broad concave shou ccrs and shapely mcm w j t h every purchase of a girV French pattern )\}[ £ J&X /£'¦ ' * 111 with springs that l^iH-^r-ii '. ' -*." • LaceCurtofas.fircatly Underprfced— One-quarter to one-third
k . !ape s, close fitting co:iars. and hair coth fronts, which or boys' coat or suit. Even with the P Iat e bevel plate /MlW r Vh are considered the «#Ilfll4Lll . -;,..~..v - saved at thu sa.c; . choice Not:inghams in white, ecru
J keep thrm from sagging when unbuttoned. The* style. QW -^ drcsJcg described >be'ow mirror, 24x30 in- AlVSV " vlA best obtainable, at J^' ' If : *' :r " ' " «nd .Arabian colors in Irish point novelty and Brussels
* fit and general appearance of these overcoats i, equal to e will preient you with ta order ches, a $25 value, R^^^^^^IJ the very .special iCllSS©! I "• '\"V ' . P««« DJ: .
J. the twenty do lir ones. Choice of a.l-wooi cheviots in on fiushncll on Special sale raS^^^^^-W^ price, each . - . %- '. . • '" ..* ..#1.10 Curtains, par . . 04o |:.co Curtains, pair . $1m39
aV Oxford gray and black and the ncw brown, grays snd ... ,,_.,. * „ , - now at "~~ ' r " " U^?* A 1 ******* Scen-t' 1 /Wk O ' ' : d* V&~JL " 5»-75 Curtains, pair . SI ml 9 1 1.25 Curtains, pair . $1.65
I heXr § mixt"es. LW« 7 good co a » vo/wil. find °t,^ 1^ i«ff5 irf^VJI - $6.45 C^vJij W2t^f ' ¦ r\T- T^ ' ''* '" - K r
J them at $12.50 fM front, wlid urge yoke and belt, wide »fO.OO _V^K^->.^ Plate RacKs— TL V. IU1 ¦ '. Hvnsarian Clolh-36 inches wide, reversible, suitable for
* -- 4 n^ U * 0 ** V ¦ n lapeli, trimm:d in fancy narrow braids _ . .. , ¦ =r " ' " " " Z? ' r n |Hp n mk A.l thc week, in our' handwme,new Cigar couch covers and draperies, worth 25c the yard, for
\ HaCkettf Carhart & CO, R*>n Coats * ' ' «<9 5 TabovrettCS — In .-». •----„•" ->4^C UOlden Oak, J^ Department, jtst inoce the miin entianw. . . 2>/l#»
k $12.50 to 52J.00— Overcoats $15.00 to $35. 00— Suits ri .". *' ' ~'l „ * * ' .* ' " . golden oak, pretty - .f&p^. inches Jong,* room ' •*.*.'* * * * * * *. ". ' * ' " ' * * * UC
»« * J wjj uins jcoicn riaia urcsscs— in ion? waist ** * r J >• *~^^^^ *^ "^-^^^^^-^ <• r • •¦ » ••, r - p:.n»ii n»»m«»n c;iir_'n mrn»« nM* ¦% «iri>iv «? n^r
J, 112. 50to535.ee effcct , t trimm:d with Ititehed ttr ; and design, only a few ' -^^--' <<&, for dp^^ le row of IT ft+hr>n Hufin^M ¦ Fl » ared . Dr "f? r y f SlUc T 3 fl , / • ' y J pa "
»: bra S »burton^aiUi«, jf.BO left at the special i!^:>; >**%& P^tes and .hooks . KfECUeii UUt§ery % . terns in Oriental and floral, designs, an extra good v qual.
t; BOVS' faii SiiitS S5*O0 Ncw R"»^ n Dresses- in blue and brown price, l^ 58^ j for cups, sale'price. The kitchen cutlery is now a uy. at.... . SOo
*i plaids, trimmed with io!id color serge, fancy Z[S#» 8. tt £%*%** part' of" OUr Household Goods LflCCDoor Panels — Arabian co!or, cable net. with motif in
J. Sailor and Russian Sails-Twelve different styles of braid, and button,, «zr, 6 to »y»» ¦* iW . : ooc ; Dept on the m; j in floorf adjoin . center, each .: .. . . . 7 So, $1.00 «d $1,25
J Russian suits, in sizes 254 to 7 years; ten pretty gj£ S^S b Tcwn f r Sr y //sfl Dining-Room Suits ' '¦ in? Grocery' Dept., and to" irK — : ' ¦
g styles oi sailor suits, in sizes 6 to 12 years, sailor wyt fuU b i 0Ufe efl r ectf bisho? atevth A large stock to select from, from the modestly priced- but well ' trociurevou to this new feature ' Monday and fuesdafs Sales
* or eton collar, and each has an extra white linen uncy braid and button trimmed, <ji «». constructed suits to the most elaborately carved ones— a dining-room iruuu^y°" lu . u:> " cwir<l UIC , .
5; collar, bloomer or the regular straight knee pants; ... - - • • • - y • - • S2.25 suit in has: ,- T j - we off , er a f f ew f tem P tin 2 P^ces Clro/CO Groceries and Liuuors
I every suit tastefully trimmed; fine serges in all Buffa- with k.dei g ia,s door,, bevel mir- for the 8-f.,ot. length . . . . S17.5O on a line of articles which are Fanc r E*in firkin Butter, pound . .- . . . . • 2So +
fc; Shades; aliO neat mixtures; handsome SUitS that prtt'ty stole collar, trimmed with' b'.ack and ror '» a drawers, one lined with vslvet and Ch«lrs -That wil, harmdniie with thiMrt; 2 indispensable adjuncts tO a mod- • Mocha and Java Coffer, the best, pound .... . 29O j, * -.
Jl are dressy for boys 2^2 tO 12 years; Choice Of, any white braid, all ,i«s $2m5O P«»'°n. Buffet meaiures 44 inches wide, plain broad croji banes in' th: back; le{« ern kitchen. * * Stryker's Sand Soap. 15 bars SOo 2 "!
J Of these in our Up-tO-date Juvenile Q= f%f% Girl,; Suspender Dress- Ai:-woo. shepherd 55 -che, high, of weathered oak price $3^0 O S:ee. Kitchen Knive, and Fork., s^iffo D, D.hrmanV. Olive Oil, botf.e 6 SO '
$ Detriment, second floor, fnr . • . 9&-UU Chin.- Obniil Stand.' 63-^.^45 SSS^A^^Sgg , S c K.tchen or.Par,n 3 Knive. . #£,0 .. Ev.por.Ud Cre,,m- Carnation, Lilv or Pet; 3< ins P5 C
$ Fat BO\S f SuS IS garment. . . ..'.... $3.50 inchr. wide, leaded gla 6 . in top part ot the . . . . v S4.OO *S' Household Scra P .n ? Kmte, for wood- Pearl Barley. Sago or Tapioca, 5 pound. .' 2SO
t A specialty with The Hm^rium. Mothers of fat boys pM^M^^ ™" ?!¦ :55.75 4S^W h^mSm^^^ /£
fc can have them fitted out here without having to g^g |ffi^S^ g^S SS P^ £ " " SI ** « ™^ «S^ '^S S^S^J^g^ *.
» pay the exorbitant prices usually asked for fat boys' w^r, winder and long or short legl ' whIch Up " dlghtIy at botcom ' piuc 9*.** mi Slee:s . . . . . . . . BOo Kentuckv Belle Whiskler Ml .u»t botfe SSn
aV suits. We ask the same price for them as for the n'atst effects, at $ 5 .oo, $7.50, $s. 5 o, A Now Stock Parlor FurnlturOs .; : - 7SC serrated-e<ge B.ead Knife. . . *5o • „ , f „ 1. wl.i L f n q " , ' ' ' ' Sf
f lean boys, and have a good assortment of becom- tio.00 and $12.50. A ]arge variety ot upho stered pieces,' covered in handsome plain siik • 25c Butcher Knite, 6 in ISO '-, Montreal wait wms«y. rou quart oottie.. . . . . yg o
* ing Styles to Choose from. See these 0%g% Ad I ante nov f 5 " in m5s! ".* nd f 1^"' 1 vc!ours, panne mohair push, tapestries, siik damask, etc., etc. j SSS'l'feSSff^ ' ?S° UaKan yermouih (P. C. Ro,«), borJe . . . 3©c
1^' ¦» • 11 1 T^rTS mBMEB Dress and Coats, in ftv es and mode, r r r *«#«- 50c RusseJ. s Bread Knite. . . . 35c Nag.ee Brandy, guarantied g:nuir.e, bottli . . .$1,10
% 2-p:eCf SUitS 111 blue and mixtures at- tha: are copied from grown-up people*!; VP««rarlor suits . . . $21 tO $15O Git chairs. ..... .S5 JO. Sf 25 50c Bu:eher Knife, *i-in. blade. . 2VO Cfaret Tabe wbe goad ration 4Q O
I Free P.nrl PMin, Phci^from Bust's iith every £*™l£tZ % M gg£S .ftsB to fti SSlS*. .' •' . i^MVsSj . El "" y JEUS §^?9SSfe H~*. att *# j|^%« ". i ! 60o
fc boys' suit or cvercoai. See particulars iuxt column. priced from . $13.50 to $18.50 P*r.or cabinets. . . $13, SO to $173 ,1 . Housefiirnishiugs, Main Floor. Cedar Run Whiskey, Ch>ice Bourbon, gallon. . $2*25
'.TI1E. BREATH OF LIFE
That induces refreshlne. ! sleep
can be had In the cool outside
rooms adrertlsed to-day. ' - ~
Read. th c ROOMS TO *LET
columns — then investigate. .-.
jfc$$Wh*&Wts9 4\ to ove children, and no
it^fll home can be completely
WW VBll^Ill V ta PPy without them, yet the
. V/'\' ordeal through which the ex-
Pkl^&lf HMB^iTK P^tant mother must pass usually is
I VS^ri I il of suffering, -danger and fear
I l^fiBUal t^ at SQ e looks forward to the critical
:. . •"< ' hour with apprehension and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the
ordeal that she passes through MJj XV & |fo fib g^9 O
the. event safely and with but fwaiiij ii^i
little suffering, as numbers lflvQSiwa tl5
Have testified and said, "it is
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per HDfrfefl/Qvrrk ifS
: bottle*6f druggists. Book containing |.| Fi K B^ 9^ *{ K
valuable information mailed free. -fin S^/BoxS
IH£ BRADflOD RE611AT0R CO.V Adwta. 6*.
.Makes hair lljht and fluffy. Stops Itching; Instantly.
fiOlN&i GO1N&!! GONEIII.
Mttncoc wm ure it. Rcificioc will un it. too ute foi uxhuul
NFWRRfl'Q HFRPIflinF »iW5ffiW:
ntndnu o ntnriumt sasissttifx%ifs^s
Tki Cnciui Itatfir tt«l "UBs tkt Oaaintt 6tr»." hair— not the combin* s." It can be done with
* Newbro'i Herplcldc which kills the microbe that
DONT BLAnE YOUR MIRROR f^™^?*lS2^^Jfc
Many UiJI»» compel thejr mirrors to b**t *l!«nt hair'c natural luster and abunl»nc« will return.
«1taess to ntt£t is hair destruction. Day after .Marvelous results. An exquisite hair iitning .
Oral Sam. Sim .Seal lOe, stuips. ta KCRP1CI0E CO, Dept H. Detroit HWL. for 1 tuiptt.
AgPEICATIOITS AT PROM nrElTT BARBEat SHOPS.Homestead Plant and Monongaliela
Works Will Give Employment
to 2500 Men.
PITTSBURG, Oct 8.— The Carnegie
Steel .Company announces that every
department of the Homestead plant
will resume operations to-morrow
night, giving employment to 2000
men-
The Monongahela works of the
American Steel- and TinpUte Company
will resume operations next Monday,
employing 500 men.
PITTSBURG STEEL WORKS
TO RESUME OPERATIONS
Cracksmen Use '. an" Overclmrgc of
Powerful Explosive and Wreck
the Building.
FOWLER, Ind., Oct. 8.— Robbers
dynamited the bank at Freeland to
day and it Is reported they secured
$20,000. The safe was blown open and
looted and the entire side of the bank
building was blown out. The noise
aroused the people of the town, who
hurriedly gathered at the wrecked
building, but the robbers had fled. ,
ROBBERS DYNAMITE A BANK
AND SECURE ABOUT 320,000
Two Californians Are Honored.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 8.— E. J. Dunn of
San Francisco was elected third vice
president and William Walker of Sac
ramento. California, secretary and
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— An unusual
contribution to the treasury has been
received by" the Metropolitan Street
Railway. It came in the shape of cur
rency amounting to $550, handed to an
official of the company by a Polish
clergyman. The latter said a woman
member of his church had confessed
that in suing the company for personal
injuries she had perjured herself and
through him wished to return her
share of the money recovered. She
made the false oath upon advice of an
attorney to the effect that she could
not win otherwise.
Admits Having Perjured Herself in a
Stilt for Personal Damages Brought
Against Company.
WOMAX RETURNS^ $550, TJO.
NEW YORK STREET RAILROAD
SARATOFF, Russia, Oct 8. — The
railroad officials here are unable to
handle the enormous accumulation of
grain from the big harvest In the
southeast of Russia.
Big Harvest In Southeast Russia.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8. — At the gener
al office of the New York Central
Railway the report that Vice Presi
dent Brown was soon to succeed Pres
ident Newman was declared to-day to
be without foundation.
Will Not Succeed Newman.
confirm the sentiment, that the danger
of Industrial depression has passed. The
great accumulation of idle reserves In
New York banks offered abundant fa
cilities for a campaign In securities, and
the manner in which loans have been
taken out, as revealed by the compara
tive statistics for the past year, leaves
little doubt that those facilities have
been availed of for that purpose. Enor
mous requirements for new capital is
sues have already been contracted by
railroad and Industrial operations, and
the necessity for securing a market for
themselves to explain the countenance
given to the revival in the stock mar
ket by the combined powers of capital
of the country.
Bonds were Irregular. United States
3's and the old 4's have declined hi per
cent on call during the week.
treasurer of the International Associa
tion of Wood, Wire and Metal Work
ers at its annual convention to-day.
"I'v« been everywhere, rvt seen «rerythte«
worth seeing. I've tasted «verythln«; worth taat-
Ingr. and 'Old Gilt E<lg«' la the best whiakey-"
That man started oft like an egotUt. but h»
finished like- a Rood Judge of whiskey.
BALTIMORE FORMS SOCIETY
TO REFOR3I DAXCDfG STYLES
Organization Would Abolish "Bear-
Unggtag" and Teach Disciples to
Foot a Musical Measure.
BALTIMORE, Oct. 8.—A aodaty tor
reforming the present styles of danc
ing has been organized her© by ths
leading dancing masters of tho city.
"We propose.** they announce, ~to
abolish this bear-hug fashion of danc
ing. We strictly oppose half-time
dancing and romping. We don't ap
prove of dancing a sort of two-step
to the waltz and shall teach our classes
to dance to tha music**
Crop estimates of the week mate
rially expanded, and confidence is in
creased that the crops are practically
made. The revival in- the consumption
of iron and steel, the recovery in rail
way earnings and the resumption of
some of their plans of Improvements,
which were, laid -.'aside, from- the. neces
sity for retrenchment, have helped to
The enormous dealings in United
States Steel preferred were accompa
nied by the assertion that the corpora
tion was buying th« stock for conver
sion into second mortgage bonds, thus
reducing the standing charge by 2 per
cent on the capital concerned.' This as
sertion met with official disclaimers,
like many of the others in circulation.
But while the action of the market thus
continued under a degree of distrust
and suspicion, the scope of the move
ment and the breadth of the absorption
made its impression and held the un
dertone firm. Much was heard of the
closing out of very heavy lines of short
contracts which had been obstinately
held from a very early period of the
present advance in prices. After
the prolonged stick market de
cline of last year there was influential
opinion that that decline was a herald
of industrial and business reaction
which would permeate the whole coun
try and threaten our whole fabric of
credit, including the banking structure.
It Is only within a few weeks that thi
passing of this danger and the revival
of business confidence has been dis
tinctly recognized.
There is an element in the stock mar
ket .which maintains that the revival
of confidence Has been % exaggerated and
the stock market advance due to ma
nipulation. The persistence of this view
would have added to the severity of the
punishment of such an element in re
deeming the contracts based on that
assumption. The belief in the unset
tling influence *pt a Presidential cam
paign, the successive reductions which
have been allowed in the estimates of
the crops and the supposition that the
war in the Far East would have
drained the world's money markets of
available resources would have served
to convince the reactionists In their
persistence. These factors have all
failed of their effect on the markets.
CROP ESTIMATES EXPAND.
day morning, when the semi-annual
dividend of 3% per. cent was deducted
from th'e stock. The cheap appearance
thus given to the stock was supposed
to help on a movement to advance its
price. It would require much space to
detail all the rumors that were given
more or less credence as to the part
this company was to play in the sup
posed settlement. But it was notice
able that other railroads which were
to share in the arrangements, although
they were actively dealt in, were mak
ing inconspicuous advances.
DEALINGS IN STEEL STOCK.
Now t* the time to make your plans it you
int*n4 grsing to the World's Fair. Don't delay.
There are only four more dates In October on
which reduced rate tickets will be eold via
Southern Pacific. The dates are: October 19,
2C\ 26 and 117. and toe rate* are: To St. I/suls.
JC7 50; to Chicago, throujrh St. Louis, $72 50*
Other round trip rates to Eaatern points.
The Southern Pacific will srlve choice of
routes and trains, liberal stop-overs and make
tickets rood for return until December 31. Ask
to-day for full details at C13 Market St. •
Reduced Rates on Only Four Days In
October.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 8.— Chicago day was
observed at the World's Fair to-day
by throngs from that city, reinforced
by thousands of St. Louisians. Mayor
Carter H. Harrison, the Chicago day
committee and the members of the
Mayer's official family paid an official
visit to the officials of the exposition.
On the Plaza St. Louis, President Fran
cis delivered a parting address to the
foreign bands that have been playing
at the «xposition.
CHICAGO, Oct. 8.— Because of it be
ing Chicago day at the St. Louis fair
there was a holiday on the Chicago
Board of Trade.
Official Family Crfll on Man
azcra of Fair.
Mayor Harrison and Members of His
CHICAGO DAY IS OBSERVED
AT ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
BOSTON. Oct. 8. — An indictment
with 160 counts against John M. Bar
ry, president of the North American
Trust, was returned to-day. The spe
cific charge against Barry is using ob
ligations redeemable in numerical or
der and doing business without right
under the law regulating bond and in
vestment companies. The plan of the
company, it is alleged, was to issue
shares on real estate, promising to de
liver the property at the end ' of a
fixed period. Barry pleaded not guilty
and furnished bail, j
President of "Boston Trust Company
Charged With Many Viola
tions of the Law.
HUNDRED AND SIXTY COUNTS
MAKE UP THIS INDICTMENT
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— It is believed
that a peace treaty with Bolivia will
be signed within a week, saya a Herald
dispatch from Valparaiso de Chile. Ne
gotiations are being • carried on
in Lapaz under favorable auspices.
Congress will begin a special session
October 10.
The President's message contains
thirty bills, most of which have been
awaiting enactment for years. It is
not likely, adds the correspondent, that
they will pass this time, notwithstand
ing their great importance.
President of Republic Submits Thirty
Bllla Which Have Vainly Waited
Enactment for Years.
PEACE TREATY* WILL SOON
BE SIGNED . WITH BOLIVIA
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— Two princes
of the House of Orleans arrived to-day
on the French line steamship La Tou
raine from Havre. They were Prince
Louis d'Orleans et Bragance, and his
brother, Prince Antoine d'Orleans et
Bragance, but their names appeared
on the list as I. and A. de Mercy.
They are the sons of Prince Lo'uis
Philippe Gaston, Count d'Eu, who was
a brother of the grandfather of the
last King of France. They expect to
remain six weeks in this country visit
ing St. Louis, Chicago and other
cities.
As I. and A. de Mercy They Arrive at
New York on French Steam
ship La Touraine.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. S.— The following
visitors are registered at the Califor
nia building:
San Francisco — M. Jondheimer, Mrs.
C. P. Fonda, J. F. Plageman. C. Stall
man and wife, C. E. Glafke, W. F.
Coleman, G. H. Mangels. M. Frederick,
W. L. Frazier, L. H. Wolf. Mrs. E. R.
Kahman, A. L. Davis and wife, S. G.
Hindes and wife. J. S. Spear and wife,
A. T. Dunbar. Mrs. X. B. Clapp, E.
Kaas, B. Crawford, E. V. Xorwick, T.
Heffron, T. M. Green and wife, C. X.
E'.linwood, C. C. Willis. G. B. Voor
hics, P. P. Smith. J. S. Godeau. W. H.
Hamilton and wife, W. A. Monahan,
F. P. Minnaugh. Mrs. H. L. Long, Dr.
II. W. Huff, Dr. J. L. Pesey, C. T.
Cleve, E. Beaver, Mrs. I. Cox, V. Fitch,
E. C. Hegler, H. P. Clapp and wife, H.
L. Brooke. D. Meninger, P. J. Finley
and family, A. Spaulding and wife, L.
Janks. Mrs. J. C. Stubbs, Mrs. C. E.
Glafke. M. C. Brooke, A. F. Fick, M.
Piageman.
Man? People From This City Visit the
Fair and Register at State
Building.
PRINCES OF THE HOUSE
OF ORLEANS IN AMERICA
SAX FRANCISCO IS WELL
REPRESENTED AT ST. LOUIS
afraid of him.
Early this morning Micholi gained
entrance into his wife's house through
a V\indr,\y. He was met by his wife in
the front room. Saying only "Hello"
he rushed at her, threw her to .the
floor and began to cut her In the back
of the neck with a razor. She turned
over and grabbed the weapon, cutting
her fingers to the bone. He cut sev
eral gashes in her throat, and then
seeing the blood flowing so freely be
came frightened and ran from the
house, but before going tried to keep
Carrie, the 12-year-old daughter of the
couple, from giving an alarm. The eld
est girl, Amelia, was sick in bed with
pneumonia and was unable to cry out,
although she went outdoors to do so.
Carrie ran to a neighbor, Mrs. Will
Shaw, and told her of the murderous
assault. By this time the neighbor
hood had been aroused, and those who
first reached the scene found Micholi
in the back yard wit^h his throat cut
from ear to ear. He was thought to
be dying and was not picked up until
after his wife had been cared for by
Dr. R. W. Obannon. x
Micholi was placed under arrest and
taken to the County Jail, where he I*
now confined. He acknowledges hav
ing committed the 'crime.
It is expected that both Micholi and
his wife will recover.
HOLLISTER, Oct. «.— Manuel Mich
oli tried to murder his wife early this
morning; with a razor. For some
months past he and his wife have not
been on pood terms. Recently his wife
moved to Hollister from San Felipe.
She has been supporting herself by
taking in washing. Micholi tried to
persuade her to live with him again
and took rooms opposite the houss
when* she lived. For some time he has
been visiting his wife and yesterday
afternoon he told her and his children
that they would not live long.
They did not suspect his terrible
planr. but they have been very much
An advance in prices is likely to be
well held until the knowledge becomes
public property, when some selling to
take profits usually causes a reaction.
Many of the rumors recently prevalent
have passed out of consideration with
out any confirmation, and the extrav
agant character of many of these ru
mors has served to arouse distrust.
Those of the past week have continued
to doal principally with the transcon
tinental railroad situation and have
pointed to a workout of a comparative
harmonization of control by a settle
ment of the Northern Securities con
test. St. Paul was the center of the
excitement from the opening on Mon-
Speculative excitement has been
largely in evidence during the week
and violent price movements have re
sulted from the curious activity of the
trading. With the progress of the
week it became clearer that a very
large distribution of speculative hold
ings had been achieved, and the. re
actionary, tendency awakened sus
picions that the powerful operators
who had been churning up the market
in the course of their campaign- had
disposed of large holdings and secured
their profits. Such being the case, the
efforts to stimulate a further advance
in prices might be expected to be dis
continued, and it was even feared that
the forces which had made for the rise
might turn their efforts toward the
side of reaction and seek a profit on
the short side, as well as secure an op
portunity to get back their holdings
at a r lower price level. The suspicious
attitude of a large element among the
professional operators was aggravated
by the lack of confirmation of most of
the rumors which put prices up.
RUMORS AROUSE DISTRUST.
The weekly mercantile reviews were
cheerful to a degree that went far to
corroborate the growing belief in sub
stantial business revival, and the ex
pansion of tlje week's bank clearings
the country over was additional evi
dence for this view. The reduction in
surplus reserves to $12,636,900 brings
that item below that for the corre
sponding period last year for the first
time this season, the figure for last
year having been $16,577,125.
Total sales of bonds, par value, $1,
775,000.
REVIEWS ARE CHEERFUL.
Revised estimates were in circulation
this morning, which prepared senti
ment for the heavier decline in cash
reserves than was indicated by the
known movements of currency. Tho
Increase in loans, although small,
served to discountenance the view of
heavy market liquidation during the
week. The enormous credit balances
of more than $17,000,000 at the Clearing
house of one of the great banks re
awakened the surmises of great trans
actions among the controlling interests
in the railroad Held.
NEW YORK, Oct. S.— The stock mar
ket made a strong: demonstration to
close the week and dissipated the re
actionary appearance which had fol
lowed the week's opening strength.
The features to-day were United
States Steel preferred and the South
westerns. The movement in the for
mer was apparently in connection with
the sanguine forecasts by persons hav
ing oflieial connection with the trade.
The rise in the Southwepterns was at
tributed to the increasing estimates of
the corn and cotton yields, which find
currency in financial circles. Union
Pacific's showing of net earnings for
August was helpful to that stock.
The market was sluggish and 'rather
irregular until the appearance of the
bank statement in apprehension of
what Its effect would be, and prices
wavered about the time it appeared,
but the final dealings brought active
buying and the market closed strong
and active.
3Iany Rumors That Recently
Disturbed the Dealers
Pass Out of Consideration
Sight of Blood Frightens
Would-BeUxoricide and He
Attempts to End Own Life
1JAZ0K IS WEAP0X USED
EEVIEWS AEE CHEERFUL
Holjister Woman Is Victim
of DLurderous Assault by
Kiishand She Had Deserted
Prices Waver Until Appear
ance of Bank Statement,
After Which They Advance
TRIES TO KILL
WIFE AND SELF
STOCK MARKET
CLOSES STRONG
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 9, H)04.
30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OP CHARCOAL.
Few People Know How Ussful It Ig in Pre-
serving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient j
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize its value when taken into
the human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose. . i
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of if the better; it is not a
i drug at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and Impurities always present
in. the stomach and intestines and car-
ries them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating ;
onions and other odorous vegetables, i
Charcoal effectually clears and im- '
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural;
and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which !
collect in the stomach and bowels; it \
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
AU druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money is j
in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they:
are composed of the finest powdered
Willow charcoal, and other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather in
the form of large, pleasant tasting loz-
enges, the charcoal being mixed with
honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
Eoon tell in a much Improved condition
of the general health, better complex-
ion, sweeter breath and purer blood,
and the beauty of it is that no possible
.harm can result from their continued
use, but, on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal says: "I ad-
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients suffering from gas in stomach
and bowels, and to clear the complex-
ion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is great-
ly benefited by the daily use of them;
they cost but twenty-five cents a box at
drug stores, and although in some sense
a patent preparation, yet I believe I
get more and better charcoal In Stuart's
Charcoal Lozenges than in any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets.'.'
¦MMMUMijnBfea«BMaaunHHIHHH
APVEttTIsk>lEXT& I
Here's the gladdest, b«st news that ever
came to Deaf people — news so welcome and v*^v^7^ » '<
•a Joyful that itaeem* too good to be true ! Jxtf8ta*u, j
Ve't It Is true — ab»o'pte!y true — and It jftfffi' '*'-• X
reran* happ4ne«« and hearing (or everr- J^tf?i?fflU> r^^w«^ ' \
oiewhois Dwif! /M >®m\\W m&h A
Tb«* rao*: wonderful cures of Deaf"' 1 ** £ 0 iSpni\ vv i¥t&9 V/A
!h* wnrid lia«evrr);nown— curesthat SP«>ni f ¦ J® / \y 4&S& £w\
iike the isiraclrs of Bible day* — are now / : £tf 1 1 ( J ( sY$i
bring in»<lr by a'grear specialist, who af- I : Kf\ \ (C ./Sflfi^riwMsJ^a
teryt-arsof study and scientific invrstiga- #£ 051 ' j^WHUW^^^SL
rionhasat last found the true way to cure I ~ H* J I j^RDH^ ilUiStf^""^
D»afor?« Hisf:. <«-s«:s3T3).ir;n^tbeine.l- I . Ml/ II Afwy \ll ) )!^^& y
iral proffssioo, aud well-it taay, for he I'M /' A". .lllUWeMR gST
<-urr-»Themos? ftiit.hcirn !nnp-vfan<iirf;ra»e8 I 'SSI mJiG££&pi^W t
of IVafness aid restores hearing ¦ «W all I f || ff/J/fflffllfl fl fff/Uff
otber doctors an.l treatments l;av? failed. | ; |i] ffl////llIiffllKSkffl'''''
Deafness Specialist Bpronle, who is doing 1 s l&j Wu/JiJiuSSmk
this reniarLaMt! anil b^ii'luial nork, i« 1 1 <5 \ttt{f*f&ar§r- ~
already fn-acus \:\ Europe an.] Aiii^ricaas \'\ y& —^
the srV&T'st 'cv.tlio:i:\ of xhe age on Deaf- 1 • "*^
nets. He feels that the r:»re for Deafness \' \ •
w&« re veiled to him bec3ii«r of . his true ft* \ =rS^Yhfu«S '
sympathy a^d ffrHnc for tlif Deaf. Flis E ,'.\ "- jyttSf
heart has alwavs crhed mcr thHr silent B'ul'A nftir
•ufferinp. and fe* has exer realized to tho 1»\\'*V«*^* ,
full the bitter loneliness of tholr lives. %\M\«,V^ -J 1 < ''»
Now that he !ias found -the certain means %^Avv* ••• ''it
of ixsakir.g :he !)t-af hear, be in more than /'' I ''a
hapry:to-«:>c that kmwledgo to help them. J^'JJl/i
He feei8thatit is his duty to assist all those
*¦•'.?,': :ng fton I>".-»f pc^s, and in fijendii.
ne«s and sincerity he gladly offers
FREE TO THE DEAF
it-.-- benefits of his <>fclll»and learning. If you are. Deaf — if your hearing is failing in
sny degree he will study your case carefully and tell you without it costing you a cent,
wmmmm—mm—mmmmm^mmm*—m~^—mmmmmmmmm j ust ho\VtO CUfe JOliT IV-afllCSS. No On«
TUIC /HlllPnV * ntlL ' e * »«»<Jfr» of thi» need hesitate to'accfpt this generous offer,
UllO LUUrUil f*v*r«> rae4lc^ »,t'. c * for Dr. Sproule is heart and soul in his
»• > .ur «-.r. Itrb ? ' worfc hJs pf|t - %im j 9 tQ br5ng happi .
!io>>urrnr.ii.r»ht ness to Deaf people. His mall every day is
d« jo.tt cun trti full » enormous — it contains requests from all
r» o b.th<-*r. iroiiwi. r»o? over the world for the valuable freo medical
£ZZZ2Z:£lZ£::Zli **«*• he so gladly 8l ve«. and hundreds of
noyou fa«vf pam in your e»r« i letters of heartfelt Rrautude from people
\reyau wsnrUdaaikwr*(herl he has already cured.
l>o > •« h«r better la m ¦»!•)' plac« f y 0 tna [; fr drtperate or inturrtle your can
»M jriur D«f «.ic.mt •• ir»di«lljr • teem*. don't fait lotcrite to Mm. R'membtrhtha*
C.y.1 knrMB«MN<i beitfr tb«« Ud to hear again- Dittance maket nodijfertneeto
•then r him — ht doe* not hate to tee v<r>t. If yo<t want to
Are there h|«itn« ••aadtUkcatea.a be cured of yovr Deafneu all you need to do it
«-. opine* thit: anttctr the queilion* ye* or no, wrxlt your
Do s -»yr rmr* crack »kr» jro» bl*w namt and addrtu plainly on the dotted line*, rat
jour ¦••«¦ ?¦ out the free advice rOvpon and mail it at once to
j,T AM g _ . _ Deafness Specialist .Sproule.
(Graduate Dublin University Ireland for-
ADDRESS*.-«— .- — — »-•••-•« «..-•• - merly Surgeon British Royal Naval Service)
1C5 Trade Building". Boston. Do not lose
_„.. ........ tn i» rieat opportunity of reicaininf? your
~ — ¦ ¦'¦ - ¦' bearing. , Write to him NOW— TO-DAY!
______AJ\^TISEMEyTS.
Own Your Home
$300 Down— Balance as Rent*
_^_. • .^ We are placing on the mar-
=^~~TJlI^^~ i ~^^^ =r ~'~7 ket a new tract of • land
,' T^^^T". on e ne °* e new KEY
-^7 j§|:._._5,-^ — Z ROUTE, 35 minutes from
- -— San Francisco; 5-cent fare;
EJ^.U'e'fcj^— hJ^^^-f4± N^fSTT^ SJ5{^ > '^!rS^?l -r * X ¦*" T""\
THREE HUNDRED DOL-
rent. ' a ance mont ** as
7-Room cotuge. comt 83300. A home on this tract is
. free from fog and is protected
from the raw winds. Balmy air and sunshine prevail.
Splendid school facilities. Only ten minutes' "ride from
center of OAKLAND.
For Information Regarding Plans or Details Call or Write
FW RniTfithw/iita —1212 Broadway, Oakland....
• f V • IwUIHIlWClire USansoroeSL. San Frandsco
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ril TF C Wol I£ °£ *Maltnr« and Carpet* for $7.30 Cub and 81.50
$1 PER WEEK OPENS AN ACCOUNT
HONEY-SPECIALS FORf^^^SJ
Bpfra H0USE FURNISHERS RpS©y
£ "^\ Sanitary Curled Hair Mattress; XX ticking; s-inch JmH(\
i. (y\ box; 35 lbs. weight; regular $15 value. Spe- OQ kc Jgy$\
WZ&^X bra " hand!es: M r Tit oirr
W *L » I ~ rn rcg. $2! value. MtAI oArt
j : yj~? V^rl Special Every kitchen should
«i*t^.'>/'u5u have one; well made; rcg-
. $10.25 c tr y .. $ '.. 25 .. s^: 60c
T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE CO.
338-342 Post St. On the Square.
| ' APVEKTJSKMgNTS.
mq/fifitpKN*- 11 '¦"'¦"' ¦¦."¦¦¦—¦»" — *m ... ¦ i i ..¦in ««¦'"¦ --*--*+- ¦- y
I This will be a week of special inducement to the householder All i the « w *?» designs
I .are -on display. An immense assortment from all the best rrulls THIS 1 IS THE 'PLACE TO
| .PURCHASE. The rjlace where you will always find the PRICES LOWEST. We list a tew
m items merely as a guide to price.
I YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD
I LAKESIDE BRUSSELS — Co P i« of Body LOWELL and HARTFORD BODY
I Brasses designs. Large range of patterns to choose from. BRUSSELS— Designs of unusual beauty. No
1 Borders to matcb. Many of the designs exclu- /^ C^ Carpet made that will equal this fl» | O7 -
|| sivewithui. Worth $1.10 per yd. Our price \J*J\S weave f:r wear. Per yard «JP A«\/C 2
1 WILTON VELVET CARPET— Fine deep HARTFORD and MIDDLESEX AX-
i . pile. Cental and floral designs- Large ?<%,* MINSTERS-Exclusive design. Choice
i range of choice patterns. Per yard IZfC Fine deep pile. A weave that « too d» 1 O^il^
Eg ~~« well known to need descnption.Per yd \O 1 •dUf«f2
I SMITH'S AXMINSTEK CARPETS- LINOLEUM _ M^ ol ££, „, , \
m Fine deep pile. Excellent quality. Choice pat- Q t^ and p U i ver ized cork. Some very attractive A^-jC
H terns. Exquisite colorings- Per yard Jr *JP Vs patterns. Per square yard £\*
I' Carload after , An assortment
1 tioned merit. *" " °f- y
I The Economy Salesroom 1
B Here you will find all the odd pieces and discontinued patterns, which we are compelled to move to Ij
| make room for new goods. These are not old, out-of-date pieces, but 'thoroughly dependable goods. You f
0 will find them marked at from ONE-QUARTER to ONE-THIRD their regular value.
1 $10.00 Enamel Bed ? 6.75 19.50 Dining Table 12.7r» 32.50 Chiffonier 25.5OIJ
B 11.00 Mahogany Chair... 7..">O 34.50 Folding Bed 2CJ.75 40.00 Birds eye Maple M or- il
1 17.50 Shaving Stand...... 13.50 67.50 Weathered Oak Buf- ris Chair W ZZ'^ \l
P 18.50 Brass Bed IIS.SO fet o2.oO 4000 Oak Bedroom Suit. *-5O Ij
S Drapery -^^^^' Dept>. jj
fg Our drapery department is in . lStJiiliSr e ta!<f justifiable pride in this Ej
j keeping with the rest of the store. __^_ HlJrell ~__ department, where you will find Ij
j The very choicest designs in Cur- •^SkJ^*3$^d5r* the'largest line of domestic ruga fj
H tains, Couch Covers. Portieres, SSSKfeS^^^S on the coast ranae f-om U
I C Hn V e C of iut^^^ /J™™^^ the little door rr,, to the full room |
I department is in the hands of ex- TB?^ 5!ZC - A " grades, trom the inex- 0
U perts who will cheerfullv furnish jKS^W^^S^I pensive Granite Rt:£ to the Royal F|
H estimates on your drapery work. iBMyffllflfiltW^r^TyWl Wilton. y
I ArL Dept*. Renting Dept,. 1
rj Is filled with choice reproductions yjffi*ffi%CngggS>**c|3l Established purely tor the ron- 1|
3 of the world's best artists, as well W nrn ai Jm venience of the public. Largest |»
Ij as a large line of photographs and ft KjSAjAL* \% list of houses and flats in the city. Ij
¦ photogravures. Qg RANGE *^ Service absolutely free. H
t| A household necessity. Every part guaranteed for a period of two years. If economy is an object, y
H you will own a Regal. It will cut your fuel bill in half. Terms, $1.00 down and $r.oo a week. fig
245-259 GEARY SI* ON¥HE.SQ1UARE I
JUST A MINUTE FROM MARKET STREET I\nolhrr Clcarins-Houso for New York
NEW YORK. Oct. 8. — By unani
mous vole the New York Produce Ex
change lias decided to establish a
< K-aring-house for the prompt settle
ment of future contracts. The clear
ing-house will be organized in the
form of an independent corporation,
membership In which will be optional
with each member of the exchange.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 8. — Mrs. Mary E.
Langdon. wanted in St. Louis on a
charge of forging- a check for $500
on an estate of which she was exec
utrix, was arrested here to-day by a
member of a detective agency. She
has been here several weeks, passing
under the name of Mrs. Mary Living-
Bton.-
Woman Forger Arrested.
Fined for Violating Sunday Law.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Oct. 8.— As the
result of a crusade started here last
Sunday by the Law and Order League
to stop all labor on the Sabbath, the
superintendent of a. packing- company
and two bookkeepers of the same in
stitution, who were working on their
books last Sunday, were fined $10 each
to-day in the Police Court. The fine
•was assessed under the laws of the
commonwealth. This is the first puni
tive 'result of the crusade which
threatens to spread to all Central Ken
tucky cities.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 8. — Mrs. Harry
Bercovich has recovered the thousand
dollars' worth of diamonds that she
lost a few days ago while at Alum
Rock Park. To-day they were re
turned to her by Sarah McNeil, a 14
year-old girl, who resides in San
Francisco, but who Is visiting her un
cle. Alexander Kammerer. on the
Alum Rock road. t
The girl picked up the bag contain
ing: the Jewels from the car where
Mrs. Bervovich had dropped it and as
soon as the learned to whom the gems
belonged she returned them. Mr. Ber
covich has handsomely rewarded her.
San Jose Woman's Diamonds Restored
to Her by little Girl Who
Found Them.
LEAVES JEWELS ON* CAR
INSTEAD OF AT RESORT
John Sapunar first came to Nogales,
Sunora. ten years ago from Brazil. He
la a native of Switzerland and has had
a hand in every scheme to smuggle
Chinamen across the border in recent
years. He was associated with Frank
Howe, Louis Greenewaldt, C. A. Sprtng-
Ftoin and other famous smugglers,
whose operations have been broken up
by Government officers. Sapunar him
self never ventured across the line un
til all of his old lieutenants were cap
tured or dead, but at his house in No
prales Chinamen destined for the United
States made their headquarters, and
the upper rooms rrere a storehouse for
poods destined for points across the
line.
Th<' case was immediately reported
to the United States .Grand Jury, in
prssion at Tucson, and Sapunar was
indicted on several counts.
TUCSON. Ariz.. Oct. 8.— John Sapu
nar. the la?t of a noted gang of Mexi
i an border is ln custody. He
wag tak^n after a hard fight by mount
ed Immigration inspectors near Xo
pales. Papunar was caught in the act
of smuggling threp Chinamen across
the line, but when overtaken the party
scattered and hy a mere accident Sapu
nar succeeded in petting the drop on
The officer who pursued him and made
good his escape, only to be rounded up
the next day by a large force of border
'•fflcers.
J. D. Milton, a roving inspector Fta
tioned in Sonora. found that Sapunar
was planning to smuggle a party of
Chinamen across the line west of No
gales, and accordingly arranged to in
tercept him on the night set for the
deed. Acc<nnpanied by G. IT. Tuttle,
James B. Gamble and G. D. Gonzales,
all mounted inspectors, he set out for
the spot where the crossing was to takt»
place.
The trail led up a lonely canyon. Mil
ton stationed two of his men on one
Fide and in company with the third
took up his position on the other. They
did not have to wait long, for in a short
time they spied four forms winding
# al<-«ng the trail in the canj'on below.
Milton called to the men to throw up
their hands, but instead of obeying
they scattered, and the inspectors, be
ing unable to take good aim in the
pale moonlight, failed to bring them
down with their guns. Each officer
picked a man and pursued him. It
turned out that Gonzales was follow
ing th^ smuggler. Sapunar. He fled
up the canyon on the American side,
and although unmounted was able, be
uufe of the roughness of the country,
to make as good progress as his pur-
Fucr. (lonzah's had followed him for
rrarly two hours and was close on his
h**^Is when his horse, which was a
ptrange animal, began to cause him
trouble. Sanunar took advantage of
the situation to turn suddenly on thc
officer and level a sawed -off shotgun
•which he carried at the head of the in
epector. The smuggler had the drop
and Gonzalea knew it. He obeyed Sa
lunar's command to turn back on the
trail and ride off without daring to
lnnk behind, while the smuggler escaped
over the ridge.
It was long aftpr midnight when Sa
lunar thus escaped, fcnd by daylight
<:< r:z.i]p? had slvon the alarm and a
rfozen officers were scouring the coun
try for the smuggler. They rounded
him up in an obscure canyon not far
fiom the line. He was making his way
by a round-about trail.
Fpr^;*! T'ls-rstrh to Tb* Call.
Mounted Inspectors Follow
Trail of Lawbreaker and
Chase Ends in His Capture
i'ATTLK IX 3IOUXTA1XS
Noted Sinuggier Is Taken
Into Custody by lminigra
iiou Officials Alter Figlit
LAST OF GANG
NOW IN JAIL
THK SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1004.
31
'Stuc3 Jdjjort b u{ uiaqj jo pjj jag uvj
canxq aq» stq oq.u .uouaj a^j ueAa
-, PRAGEHS i PHAGERS - PKAGEItS - < FRAGERS ! PRAGEK3 : i f ' * PKAGERS
| Women's Neckwear Ribbons Handkerchiefs • Lace Edgings Infants' Coats Candy
13 JTAr. '"is is a fancy Silk *±ry n yard — Some pretty ' IB i H ¦ *1 ' *%*\ The line of Tnfantv
3 =. sJiinfo'i'r'in-la™ io/Vh o?, fa £5 Si? 1 " £ e ?' chief. M^daVSt tS?^ 8^8 i JfrM 1 9 Wr | s " tions in unusually £^^^7'^
J CMlors are red. black, blue' These Uibbons are 4% '"jprke. These Handker- jgLL | g & i |i I §} /S Pretty designs, such as Tu- Calh^ete have pleated cape NOW OPEN.
•;: n - oranre ami Inches wide, in both Linen j££ fs a h ? v £ d 1 aiIl , t >" la ? e b^" Z^^* 3 3§> /W^ lip. Rose. Bow Knots and over the shoulders and aU
f29C^e ari "o f St r h S e r re V u, ln; , s They are each. V |^ AL W A yTrELI ABL E X^^-^S^^ a e $2.00^'^
I ,r P , p?! 1 ™'/ 1 ! 11 erabrold - +Z < v a L a fiv0 inns C^ W o m e n ' s Handker- H fine for trimming undergar- *.,;, ,P rice ' s , s ? lar f e
J SmiJ?- n de ? i8 P s - Theiie 1Qr» nnrp s7ik avT«fft» OC chiefs, made of sheer £H JOOn . | *y r-r% lyf A DKFT ST JZJ ments and dressing Bacques. that it is impossible to take ,
I tth.^ 80 !^* 0^ W Rihhon Thlf £ £ lawn - with • fancy l-<i S3U l v LAJtCl\JC 1 O 1 . JOno The Edgings are from 3 to 7 any particular line and try AllGoods
S hlni y A ° k ii^ Q the real v,rv firm ,nrt" hrHifint nn « drawn work and hemstitch- ¦ inches wide, and the Inser- to- describe it here. They «« V*VKJa*
IfSS&SSSBlSSSBSSS SK^.SdSBS8Sffi b a r g b aTn erS as Th h e 8 Han a dke n rt ALL THE SHOPPING INDUCEMENTS THAT HAVE w ? d^ «"»SS t^^years. flf Po^l^lW^c
m ular selling price is 50c . full J- ; " Is shown in all the chiefs are easily worth 10c. MADE THIS STORE POPULAR ARE STILL HERE. nc and 20c a yaTd our department on the sec- <lt> Popular PnCeS
W , newest shades. || ond floor and see display.
I Women's and Children's Winter Knit Our New Grocery Department Exclusive Millinery Creations Suitable
I Underwear at Special Reductions p^^^^^^gfg^lpUl for Every Requirement, g
I T-HESE values are the besf'thatTan be found in any store in this we be S to announce "that it will be complete in every detail J^StM^k, <^^S^SlSttZ^a"«^:!5
| 1 cityto-daj;. They are all new lines and represent thc best ideas in in about another week. . c " .. t /^r^S^M *-*-- ~^V°niS. e 5r B St. w SS ll KA^Si
Kj fall and winter Knit Underwear. Jt will be the largest and most majnnncenfdepartment of o^-r-Vin}xt\^vmS ful atIrall " a wlU lit - - iv^ n - Kver >' one °f our
Id tf -4 *\fi w t ur , • r* •..• . »r . m. . . „ i • i • .i • 1 mi ,i S r ,i i , • I lijfljrf? /fjyj'^Mnll-i hats is made with the Idea of elvlni; :x»rfert !«ati*-
m IS i 2S Wnmcns Wool and Cotton Mixed Vest? and 1 lRhts, made of its kind in the city, and will carry everything of the best in AH?JSs8SR-J'J')hv>il factkin - ant > * n fhfi ho^ that the customer win re -
| 431.^^ an extra good quality material The colors are guaranteed and the grQ cery, delicatessen and liquor line. Special attention JSm%&S&Stil* W &«¦£.«, ''„"";' Juv^ 11 ' 1 "'" W " " e eUlnS th *
| come in pink, sky and black. A regular $1.50 value. ... •: nrnmnt HMK-rrU tf 5 Vrt R«dy-to-t e ar». in hm»n. hiack. navy
: I $1 00 Silk ™ d Cotton' Vests and Pants for women. The material is "'" I)C g ' % ° U tO Pr ° mpt dehxcncs - J^^^^^mMV S 1 ' 39 «S^&ISST ° f ™ C " "^
% 4* »w warm an ,j p OS itivelv will not shrink. The garments are perfect _, . ~ ¦«»».„ *» »*...» «>r • J^^^^^^O^^^i- <T CA Al thls iri ''- you w111 h * ve a choicl " of
j I fitting; color cream only. Regular value $1.25. NotlOIlS That Will Keep Infants' Wear 111 Bit JZ.DU Si n c*!?Trim"Si«?^ y wtth'SSSSau" 110 "'
r I ld§k. ?S Women's Wool and Cotton Mixed YOU 111 TOUCh With US ImitieilSe VaHetV I^^^^^^^^v* C2 f\f\ A Dretti ' """ ° f Beaver FUt: " i thi4t ar *
'SSSIKJ^H-! Vests and Pants, in natural and cream Reductions have been made on (Srccnd Floor.) 4l\ J5.UU Iftai/Th^wlm £wJ a o?
' a jL\ al^I* •" colors. These garments are made by the "Forrest Pverv one o f the followine* LONG DRESSES. D satin ribbon to correspond with th« color
I /TOJkSS* Mills" and have perfect finish. The cream color 5 o yards Spool Silk, all colors, (MAA These dresses are fW?^ J ana offer them to you r^just «h. P nc. of
a 111^x^3 comes in an extra size; these garments are sold a c ?. spool. \\ {ill made of .Nainsook; MSslJ^-V "T #* - p igilwi^*T^
I L.»ti ra¥" ' ordinarily at $1.50. 500 yards Basting, 4c a spool. V ltlJ V the front of the gar- '^^LS-'t^^.^ S6.75 J&WffiS^^&CSS^
I t; \y1yd^ 7^^ Fleece Li » ed CottO11 Vests and Pants, in a .Marshall's Spool Linen. 5c a ment made _ of fine tucks and ¥^7 An ei-gant »„« of 3&k X
E 'iv'mm « JC fine rib: this is a splendid winter parment spool. narrow lace insertion and finished trimmMTurbanV , h »i
K W V« ¦ j and will wash and wear well. A regular 8=;c Darning cotton, 3 for 5c. at the wrist and neck with dainty hav« b«en marked ,w-
k Pl^L • 'Good Bone Hairpins. 5c a lace. Regular $1.35 value. /P^I^ik^ -ry ,'X r^ x^'v "^^^ i] f
b 4\Ar^ HA r-uu • c • t3-i L j r t, • dozen. LONG SKIRTS. are worth much more. SlUt
n JIHflf SQp Children s Swiss Ribbed Cotton Pants, in Mohair Tubular Shoe Laces, all /t»|/* r This lonR skirt is made "^ Three ar. mdndtd in tw. f«-
H i^vlfBi •'-*"' black only. 1 hey come m sizes for children Ipno-tlm a nairs 5c. \| /K of Nainsook- full VI II flll ture - .A Mink Ttirban, th» crown and \ 1 9>Mi
I MK 6 tO I2 ThiS iS ourr^« lar 75c garment. 1 Tunda "ofTape, 4c. WM. SngthfhT/^e clus- * 1U - UU » r°u' P and ™ m ° ? \> ' M ?
P f£(*l''iS> Children's Combination Suits, in a fleece Steel Pins, -J^c.a paper> ters of fine tucks at the bottom, „ A * r f en velvet "nirban. with shirred crown and V^^Vir w
P TBE-^f JUC lined cotton-the "Oneita" style. They, but- Fancy Hat- Pins. 7^ c. with an embroidery flounce of a "u'nVh iTk™ plkdu'e'airrea?.* 1 "" 11 " and a lar * a J^^V-vVn
'it j£* ton down the back and are shown in crray and Pearl Stick Pins — -"o card of 12; dainty pattern. Regular selling *¦ v Mt<- maiin- DAttern Turban, with iar«<« band > /^-^ s <flwrt>O^7nK^\ < ' »
J ** cream colors. White, black and assorted colors, price S1.60. && }^^£^ i £J%^}r^l^
I H - 11 ¦ 1 1 ' ¦ ' complete the hat. " ' ' ' '
I No Sale of Table Linens, Bedding and Towels Emphasis Cannot Be Laid Too Strongly on
Ever Had So Many Price Reductions Our Distinct Styles in Women's Apparel
(Main Floor.) \ , . . (Stcond Floor. 1 ) *
THERE are so many different lines and such a wide assortment that one cannot help but find \ 1 7.E are giving the same styles to be found in the most exclusive high-priced garments for
just the thing that is being looked for. The prices are even lower than this store, noted for yy^voraen at one-third the prices. Our workmanship and materials are just as good. It is a
its low prices, has ever offered. rare treat to visit this beautiful department and inspect the interesting styles.
TABLE LINEN. MILL ENDS OF TABLE LINENS AND TOWEL- *rvw.*a> * VELVET SUITS.
22C ?, Yard-Heavy German soft finished Table INGS - SAVING ABOUT ONE HALF. d^^^ %7R 75 New Broadtail Velvet Suits, worth $37.50, will be found here to-morrow at
; s frp . fl\* m A SK ' m inail , y . Mertn 'P r f e "j; designs. It We have five hundred short lengths of table linens #«K2y an immense saving. They are made of all-silk velvet, in black, brown, tan,
:U ret from . d^ ess ! n S and IS a wonderfuj bargain. and towelinRs— all high class, fine goods. S^55^P erctn and royal, in the shirt waist style. The waist is beautifully trimmed and the
OOC %- l? r d ~ hor , a Kood grade of Scotch or Irish Table linens from iJ/£ to 3 yards in lenRth. fjj skirt has thirteen gores. Other stores are askins as much and more for velveteen suits.
I able Damask; either bleached or brown. It TowelinRS from 2% to 8 yards in length. J<«JJL^ t* RAINY DAY SKIRTS
k sold everywhere at 50c a yard. BATR TOWELS# /K^\l $t 75 and U1 QS Thcsc Skirts arc worth d °^le the price we are askin*
59C J.J, *£-£: °G?rma?TSle r Sie^ whYch'hM lc Heavy, serviceable Bath Towels, sold every- /%\ 1l aDU **•/? and are special for Monday only. They are made of
been reduced from 8« W? wUl olace on' slle twe ?v ' C where at isc will be placed on sale beginning J \\ \ J^K mediiim gray and 9xford Me tons. They have seven : gore flare. Those at $1.05 are
pieces of this niglT-grade linen Monday at less than half. • /jd\^ I /^ ° * * **" miXtUfCS ' and just thc thing for the rainy season that
72C ? Vard-This is a regular $r.oo linen and is 14C ™s is _, a in a double threaded MYl/Cl' 1 »» coming on. CORSET COATS
1 V full two vards wide Therp i* 1 rhoir<» nf Bath. Towel that is sold everywhere else k£i,/i^l| <*•#« Am ~, ~ WUM&1 v ' WillOi A^»k
twrntv «,ti\.rnc Z\Z\Zr \ , J * for 20C. - %Q OS These Corset Coats are made of hard twist English tan 5^0
twent> patterns, giving splendid variety. j c « „..-... . w .pprrT' -P7.V3 and olive covert cloth. They arc 22 inches lon|. collar- W*
NAPKINS. Z3C h« t?n cold orTn C ** less, and every seam is strapped. They arc lined with Skinner's
QQp a Dozen— We have only a hundred dozen of HUCK TOWELS guaranteed satin and are. exceptionally well tailored throughout. /l'fZ/f/£\
" yWf these Dinner Napkins. They are regularly sold A . . . . ~T , „ . _ , o , • TAILORED SUITS (4 «./ i%\
\l ZlS a Dozen — This is as good a napkin for or- &+ mri t\ a r , • TT 1 // 1 - v worth $16.50, both women's and misses' sizes. i&32*8i
*P dinary use as anvbodv could wish for \1 Sf J a Dozen— A fine, big Huck Towel, 20x40 M \ \\ ~ 4 . An _ , „ . „,..,. , t . ,, fc'&ffiSL
S1J.4.-; a dozen for the $.,.50 grade. made of all pure linen, with pretty damask border, ~ *^^ lar coat collar; they are trimmed or plain, and may be had in tf&mW§k
&.50 a dozen for the ?5 .oo grade. €} 75 a Dozen-This is a beautiful hemstitched -- "- " th ; r ¦ T" ' , • , «»
' BEDSPREADS. k J 5Ltl J - German, soft finished linen. It is worth $4. \]S 75 tft $25 95 For h f nd , some s V lts in *> most exclusive styles. The coats #i^A4\^^
*7C» A ennri umn^r i(,H ,? — «. *i . 11 BED SPnir am HJ*U. ¦ t/ lU^lji/. /l/ have the i ate st j e vest trO nts and new trimmings; the designs mW^li^W
'5C at S^ is one that k n^ HO Thi, i f f a n •, 1 arc so man X that !t Is impossible to describe them for you, but you can depend upon find-
to wear well 9oC ¦ J nc j fine It a^way^ sofd a ?$l 3'- " " ' llg som^ thin^ different than is being offered in other stores.
\* F^If, n, - Net 'J°?, L ? Ce , S t f iMOSt Satisfactory Collection Of DreSS W °T? en >9? lf t VeStS , Special Offerins.Won^en's
/^a Fancy Mesh Hat Drapes mm a yard. The kind of net * * An These Golf Vests are made m. w » i-j--J^__«^J1«
/Ur and Face Veils. i% yards ASr top laces that are used flriAflc Skt^A ITwot* A • VXC in a honeycomb pattern of WeW UndergaiTOentS
7W long, with tiny chenille Ut^ for sleeves of dresses. WKJQS OliQ, OllKS U/VeF /\rrangeQ 7UW all-wool yarn. They have Among these lines you are cer-*
dots, in blue, black and brown. They come in pretty dotted ef- (Main Floor.) a double chain stitch and are dou- tain to find money-saving prices on
This js a fine opportunity to save fects of cream and butter, and is not a desirable material in dress goods and silks ble-breasted, with two rows, of just the garments that you need
money on a very necessary ar- are from 6 to 9 inches wide. Well .1 that cannot be f oun d 1 iere at the most nonnlar nrir« ¦ P carl ' buttons down the front. at this time,
tide. It is worth 75c worth 50c. 1 ".*,-• OUn<1 e e e n ° St P°P UIar P"ceS. They are bound around the edge Skirts.
1| a yard— Fancy Cross Bar rA a yard— These are the • PANNE ZIBELINE. COLORED BROADCLOTHS. with wool braid and the colors are Ao Women) Skirts, knitted
Mr Tuxedo and Double Mesh jMir popular Net Top Laces 91-*> 0 a yard— 58-inch Black Panne Slit: a yard— 45-inch; colors, navy, white, black and red; sizes 34 to UXf .very closely, with a double
Veihngs; 18 inches wide; vww for fall costumes. We are Zibehne. It has the short nap, myrtle, tan, cardinal and gray. 40. Regular price $1.25. /uv chain stitch on a yoke at the
some have chenille dot; others in showing them in beautiful pat- which gives tone to a garment. ' $1.00 a yard— 50-inch; -colors, Women's Boleros waist and finished with a scalloocd
plain colors or brown, black, blue, terns in both light and heavy FRENCH VOILE. myrtle, reseda, cardinal, navy, gray, T i. bi / j e edee at the bottom Thev come
green, gray and red; 18 inches work. They come- from 7 to la *1.OO a yard-lTinch Black French brown and tan. * £ These Boleros are'made 9 f f° g J tr ?*J o n i y "° a m d {£
wide; worth 35c to 50c inches wide and are worth y .Sc. Voile; the sheer, wiry kmd. which **¦-** .a-yard_ S2 -inch; colors, tan, ZJ)C rtZVrl iellSgpricc °is$i 25 " S
======__ shows j va]ue We ntM k g ra y, navy, brown, delph. cardinal finishc d a "oSnd the edge with a ¦
ChOdren's Drawers ' Cushion Tops to be t| cqua i any $x| || |g^j|pi| colors> brown> JZfi&gr* Arabian Uce Curtains
50c sipiiiep 25c clUSffili «e. ,i5s?^spsSi« . i*o«gasi*** l WM£&^^
v™ brie; -they .have a deep and em^SS«£ ° P W offer h? yard-We have an immense line of *V??' ? 1>25 5 ° a yard ~ (Sir JfSrTSn ™ T if^iV $1.50 of new ideas of Lace
flounce finished with embroidery entire cushion too and hfrWnm these Black Broadcloths. They are Light Tans and Cardinal cloths for Oyf $1.00 curtain, made of -Not- V^OV Arabian Curtains in-
edging; headed three tucks and p\ttt\t$hvtw\£mte ItX su P erior in finish and wci *ht and . coats.. V,f th^^^nT^T'nJn^n* nn^of cI - ude . d W hi ? lot J- . Thcy are verv
are extra width in the seat; there bf tLJc LsortmV^ the prices are the very lowest SILKS. \ ful thing and has proven one of nice in hbranes, dining-rooms, etc.
are all sizes; regular price 75c. S assortment. ine prices are in er> 10^ csi. yard-24-inch Silk Crepe 1 de the most popular curtains shown Wc have markcd thcm at special
• Cushion LOOPS • IS nSinlliISi Sa l S.? q Sfife. iw and CfCara: b^u^no-m^row 1 SaVC m ° nCy P-^, beginning to-morrow.
CHILDREN'S GOWNS These cushitf^s are 3 fr fiend* .They are of the well- O^M^Stf J 3Sa»« *"^'^ wi » « ivC VK l!° CurL^^""
Mr Gowns 1 made of nfefs^t *" C T&B$^j0^3^ .ftSf W^WJ^ja !«KS 9»C S^ffl^iS^gSS *4.%
3WC aSatt^eecVotTbSh «^e r^eSloSMd^cSmwS: The Scinch .ell. '^J^-OO-* 3r«M. gftfl . ™»^: W l»^g§fflg?^^£ gSgs£g?iS5fflffi
sides; the yoke Is all lined and tions. • - . BLACK ALPACA. 74c a yard— 36-lnch Black Lining Taf- plain colors of brown, black, blue, tun »y !° secure something for tne
finished with a ruffle at the neck fr Silk loops, 3 yards long, 50c a yard— 45-inch silk finish,, high made expressly for lining pur- new an d original designs. They parlor ma heavily corded Arabian
25C «* «*"7 »M.«1 att 3 c hed . BUd. A.paca-S.c.Han Or % »gc a^-gag: gg^^, " °^"" gS^gl^S ZL™" '°
Extraordinary Special Sale of I Flannelette Gowns ¦ Mm-. «*Jx^- w"«'«p*«««nr I A Few Special Attractions in
] Boys' and Girls' Fine Shoes |l|liiiiil lgSf ialSi^ 25c ilfSli . Juveiule Dept. for Monday
MONDAY you will have another opportunity Vi^VV made o f a good qual- stitch. They are in new, up-to- a n o f O ur 7, 9 and 12 <s«cond Floor.)
for shoe values the like of which has never h * material, fleeced on both date patterns fast colors and inch Cambric and Nainsook The immense reductions made in this department during
hfen nflForoH in «; 5 « •RV™<~;c™ i)ir^ »- 11 Sldes and wlth a double voke nave double heels and toes. piiv^-j^ -c- j • „, +u ,. the last week have crowded it with parents anxious to outfit
• *i. Ottered in ban FranclSCO. We are sell- both back and front; very large There are all sizes -There ,s Embroidery EdwnKs that were th «. younRSters in the best possible way. We are offering the
ing them practically at the COSt to manufacture. in the arms and extra width in a big assortment. Regular 25c «rV f, J^Sn' 2E? Sfiri S?t' biggest values and the lowest prices.
They 'come in such leathers as Vici Kid, Patent the skirts; they have high neck ILTA^ Menj PureLinen Hand- We have taker 1 the = entire lot - LONG PANTS SUITS.
Colt and Box Calf. They were made for' service- y J ow Z c^ d . T lZ Z \t f O h^ C *«&%' «" S'«"i " St^thSVolfS 11^^wil $8.45 lgg r <£Sg>£ m &g l %£ O
appearance. All Ot them are On the new shape -° c - V 19 years. They have been reduced from 0?*t £M
toes and in lace or Blucher style You may have KNIT SKIRTS I __ - JA p DRAPERY SI>cclally . for Monday Tues -
them cither light or heavy weight, and in spring or - n children's Knitte^d^ . c^ a yard-wa are "BUSTER BROWN" SUITS. 0^^WT
low School heels. _ \ 50 C R^™^ %^ ' ' . L 5C J^^^.I^J $3.45 gS and ShSS
cs;^ Children s sizes, 83^ to Ii; reduced knitted closelv and fin- JRJ r-^S A -*¦ ' a^a. ><v^w J Japanese Tinsel Drapery, and has beon reduced from J5.00. It is I2&g|i8Ja
/ to 0Sc ; regular price $1.50 and ished at bottom with a dS&i I |l ¦rf^^' -f^«L ra^-rf^T ln a11 colors - The y w »l made up dually as well as any of the i^%^SS
/ «^ Si 75 .M'- - shell stitch The waist PH HI >^ES H K3 11 M^ be placed on sale to-mor- more expensive ones- and Is really a fine »|^^^^
A\ ; v Il» • * 5 " l» '^l\ uiar price. 75c. \M| >*®L_^ C /1.C/* Infants Long "Buster Brown" Russian Blouse Suits. g£jr*3j
[£l\\ fbn Souths sizes, 10 to 2; ?~ \\ =====================!=========== w, -.JT-.^- _ . _. _, OjC Slips> made of in the very Hn^st make?. They come in |*2
AS V> ' \/ 9,1 reduced to 91.3O- I9; \\ p3 ALWAYS RELIABLE wv fine Nainsook, black, blue, brown and red Velvets. Also faff W&
X& NIT i regular price $x.7s .nd k l J, S f S 3fi , h #1 1238- 12 5O MARKET ST A St'S.'i^ SSS^^t «B
N/ V . >S5l $2-25- - rt rt R yard — 36-lnch T **»cfO l_*i«JU 1'1/VtVJVL, i O&.jonu they are finished at the prices. • , SJ t<
\ •.«¦. ' %\ Boys' sizes. 2*4 to /» 7C Curtain Swiss, ln neck and wrist with a THREE PIECE SUITS «7 tl
W^JS^ l^ifSfl A U. THE SHO W1NGIND UC E M ENTST H ATHA V E gil^Si g£ gg»gte Sj^4
>2.B0. ind wear well. h MADE THIS STORE POPULAR ARE STILL HERE, value S "^ Piece Suit.. They are made for ages 9 UWhile " Returning to ' the Government
Yard Their Boat Is Cap
•>,;• sized During Squall.
PENSACOLA ,; Fla., -Oct. 8.^Five
men were drowned ¦ in "Pensacbla^ Bay
during a squall to-day, by the capsizing
of a sailboat in .which they were re
turning , from " Perisacola "to "the navy
yard.; The dead -were/all employes "of
the navy. ¦
FIVE NAVY EMPLOYES ARE
DROWNED IN 'PENSACOLA BAY
BELLEVILLE, 111.,.' Oct. 8. — Miss
Elesa Gauch, one of. the most popular
young women' of this, town, was unit- ;
ed in marriage last evening to Gottlieb
Carle, said to be a wealthy brewer of
San Francisco. Immediately after the
wedding the bride r and groom left town
on their honeymoon. . : •
Groom' Is Gottlieb Carle, Described in
<;"\ ; Dispatch ns Wealthy San
Francisco Brewer.
ILLINOIS GIRL WEDS
; . V; MAN FROM THIS CITY
NEW YORK, Oct. 7. — "I am tired
of office-holding. I do. not want any
more of it," said Governor Odell in this
city to-day.
"Does this apply to the United
States. Senatorshlp?" he was asked.
"It does," replied the Governor.
Odell Is Tired of Office-Holding.
Wins Esteem of the -Voters of Town of
'Petaluma.'. ' * ;
PETALUMA, ' Oct. 8.— Duncan E.
McKlnlay and Congressman McLach
lan concluded ' their ' tour of the Sec
ond Congressional "District 1 . at a rous
ing meeting here . to-night. Both
speakers devoted their, time to. the Is
sues as laid , down • by the national
platform, McKlnlay only referring* in
cidentally to his own candidacy. This
action won him much praise and adds
to his strength. in his home county.
Congressman .McLachlan was the
guest of the Board of Trade here to
day. He was tendered 'a banquet at
the American Hotel and; afterward,
accompanied by many prominent cltl-
McKlNLAY SCORES HIT.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— Chairman
Taggart of the Democratic National
Committee received a dispatch from
Montana to-day stating that the labor
organizations of that State had in
dorsed the Parker and Davis electoral
ticket, which, Taggart says, means the
electoral vote of ¦ Montana ' for the
Democratic ticket.
Indorse Parker Electoral Ticket.
Hi Follette Organization Is in Control.
MILWAUKEE, Oct. 8.— Nearly com
plete returns from the .Republican
county caucuses • in Milwaukee indi
cate that the La Follette organization
will control the nominations in the
county convention by a good majority.
Besides this the control of 'th'e county
organization is lost to the "Stalwarts."
This is a complete change in the situa
tion which has existed for years.
» •
United States Senator Thomas Ii.
Bard is in San • Francisco, staying
at the Occidental Hotel. He met many
influential. citizens yesterday and top
ics relating to theSenatorshlp were In
cidentally discussed. He will" remain
in the city until Monday evening or
Registration Not a Qualification" of
an Elector.— Registration is not a
"qualification" of ah elector and can
not add to the qualfications fixed by the
constitution; but it is to be regarded as
a reasonable regulation by the Legisla
ture for the purpose of ascertaining
who are qualified electors, and of hav
ing their names enrolled upon an au
thentic list, in order to prevent illegal
voting. .
.Eligibility Not Inclusive of Registra
tion.—An elector may be eligible to the
office for which he was elected, though
his name may not be upon the great
register, and though for that reason
he could not have voted at the elec
tion.
SENATOR BARD.
There is nothing in the Democratic
gossip that one of the candidates for
Presidential elector on the Republican
ticket is .Ineligible. The constitution
¦of the United States defines the quali
fications of an elector, and registration
is not one of them. The Republican
State Central Committee is not in thej
slightest degree disturbed by the story.
Lawyers advising the committee quote
Bergevin vs. Curtz, 127 California, as
follows:
ESOPUS, N. Y., Oct. 8. — Governor
Garvln of Rhode Island spent the en
tire morning witU. Judge Parker In a
discussion of political affairs in his
State. He said' that factionalism in
the Democratic party had been elim
inated, that there are defections in the
Republican party concerning national
issues and the foreign policy. of the
present administration. -
¦ These, he said, placed Rhode Island
in the doubtful column and gave the
Democrats a good fighting chance of
carrying it -for Parker and Davis as
well as for the State ticket.
Governor of Rhode Island Says Result
in State Is Doubtful.
CONFERS WITH PAJtKER.
Xo, Doubt as to Eligibility
of All the Candidates
on the Ticket
QUALIFICATION
OF ELECTORS
The body was taken to the City Hall
and will lie in state until noon Sun
day. * (
The relatives and official party ac
companying the funeral train were es
ccrted to the hotel, where they will
stay until the final obsequies are held.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 8. — The
special train bearing the body of
Postmaster General Payne arrived
here this afternoon. A platoon of po
lice and a regiment of letter carriers
stood with bared heads as the train
rolled in. Personal friends of Mr.
Ptiyne were on hand to offer assist
ance to the afflicted relatives. -
Body Will Lie In State at City Hall
Until To-Day at Noon.
PAYNE FUNERAL PARTY
AKKIVES IX MILWAUKEE
DENVER. Oct. 8.— The Republican
County Convention to-day renomi
nated Judge Benjamin J. Lindsay by
acclamation for County Judge.
Judge Lindsay is a Democrat and
has attained national fame by the es
tablishment of a juvenile court for the
rescue of wayward and criminal boys.
He was elected County Judge on
both the Democratic and Republican
tickets last spring, but doubt of the
legality of the election of a Judge .at
that time having arisen, It was de
cided to make nominations for the
November, election. .
The Democrats have not yet held
their convention. . - ¦ -
Colorado Republicans Honor Demo
cratic County Judge.
LINDSAY RENOMINATED.
National Organization Offers La Fol
lette Committee to Send Fairbanks.
CHICAGO, Oct. 8. — "The National
Committee has not said that it would
remain neutral and has given out no
interviews on that subject,-" declared
National Committeeman New to-day,
referring to reports" that neither side
in the Wisconsin controversy .would be
officially recognized.
Congressman Tawney of the speak
ers' bureau has telegraphed to the
chairman of the: La Follette State
Central Committee offering to send
Senator Fairbanks into the State on
the 14th or 15th of this month.
Robert G. Cousins of Iowa also was
tendered with Fairbanks. This is the
first move the National Committee
has made to send speakers into .Wis
consin or to push the Presidential
campaign in that State. The sending
of Fairbanks is regarded as distinctly
in the interests of the Presidential
ticket.
# TO SPEAK IN WISCONSIN.
zens, both political parties went down
Petaluma Creek as far as Lakeville.
The people here are hopeful of further
appropriations for the improvement'of
the creek, which is the natural outlet
of a rich section of the country. They
fully appreciate McKinlay's kindness
in bringing McLachlan to this city
and there is no doubt that the senti
ment will take substantial form on
election day. . - . . • ¦
"This town bears an 'honored name.
This country has produced no better
man than the late Senator' Marcus A.
Hanna, after whom this place is call
ed. He was a man who understood
the interests of the miners of the coun
try as perhaps, nobody. else In the pub
lic- service. He undersiobd the miners
and they understood him. He. stood
for. the policies which gave the largest
amount of work to the. largest number
of our countrymen. . He. believed in
policies which gave work to American
wage earners, and these are the poli
cies of the" Republican party."
The audience at . Hanna .consisted
lai gely of miners, fresh from their
work. . ... .
At the mining camp of Hanna. Sen
ator Fairbanks 'to-day . paid a tribute
to the memory of Senator Hanna, say
ing:-''-- - -¦¦¦ —' ••
"The policy, is founded, upon rational
principles. It will greatly increase the
taxable wealth of the States concerned
in irrigation, and without detriment to
any" interest." '. '
Senator Dolllver also | discussed the
irrigation problem and referred to the
agency of Secretary Wilson in the work
of reclaiming the arid lands.
' ADDRESSES THE 3IINERS.
"The President brought the subject
to' the attention :of Congress in his an
nual message in December, 1901. It was
never more happily put than by him,
and the law now in' force- follows the
lines so weir laid down by the Presi
dent. This great measure, fraught with
such beneficence to our country and to
our. countrymen j in the future, will
stand as a tribute to. Republican states
manship. It is one of the great trophies
of the Republican administration. The
reclamation fund derived from the sale
of public lands amounts to about $2",
000,000. and it will be greatly increased
by future sales. The' owners- of the
lands will restore .the. fund_ from time
to time, and it will be used in the fur
ther extension of : the system until all
irrigable lands have been substantially
brought under cultivation, • without
drawing upon any of - the revenues of
the Government save only those which
arise from t>ublic lands. . . - •
"The -attempt of the Democratic Na
tional .Convention j to claim credit for
the irrigation . act now on the statute
booksMs most audacious. The claim is
unfounded in fact. It was recommend
ed by President Roosevelt and enacted
by a' Republican Congress. •
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. Oct. 8.— After a
fairly busy day of speechmaking Sena
tor Fairbanks, the Republican candi
date for Vice President, was welcomed
to Cheyenne to-night. He arrived at
7 p. m. and was met at the railroad
station by. a number of people. The
'Senator and his party were immediate
ly taken in hand by the local commit
tee, placed^ in carriages and driven to
Senator Warren's re'sidence. There
they were called upon to review %
unique procession of marching clubs,
the members of one of which organiza
tions carried electric torches* which
were fed by a dynamo drawn upon a
traction engine. . '-
When the party left Senator War
ren's residence the speakers separated
in order to attend two meetings which
had been arranged r for them. Both
these meetings were crowded and the
speakers were all received with favor.
Senator Warren presided at one and
General Van Orsdel at the other. Sen
ator Fairbanks spoke at both meetings.
In both of his speeches Senator Fair
banks entered upon a general review
of the campaign,, giving considerable
attention to questions especially af
fecting the West. Considering this as
probably his last speech in the irriga
tion section, he referred to the Demo
cratic claim of authorship of the recla
mation law. On that subject he said,
in effect:
"I have been greatly impressed aB I
have traveled through the arid regions
of the Weet with the tremendous pos
sibilities of Irrigation. No one can es
timate the far-reaching benefits of the
irrigation policy of the Republican par
ty. It means the reclamation of hun
dreds of thousands of acres of land
which will prove to be most productive.
They will become the homes of numer
ous prosperous, happy ajid' patriotic
people. Wyoming will ;have a large
share in the benefits of this great pol
icy. •
.- : UNJUSTLY CLAIM CREDIT.
Denies Claims of Democracy
Spends Day in Speechmakirig
Wyoming Greets Fairbanks
POSTAL. AUTHORITIES ACT.
Stop Mail Mnttcr Addressed to the Na
tional Election Association.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— The postal
authorities have issued an order pre
venting the "National Election Asso
ciation, Non-Partisan," from obtain
ing any more mail matter addressed to
it. Representative J. W. Babcock.
chairman of the National Republican
Congressional Committee, whose head
quarters are In the same building, has
been put : to considerable trouble in
the last six weeks in explaining that
neither he nor his committee had any-
thing to do with the "association."
By a circular which the "associa
tion" has mailed broadcast the pub-'
lie was .invited to become members
at $2 a head. The "association" was
conducting a thorough political can
vas in all "doubtful" States and each
member of the "association" was to
be notified ten days before the elec
tion just how Indiana, Connecticut,
"West Virginia and other States would
go. This would give to "association"
members an opportunity to "lay bets"
on the result. The "association"
members were to remit 5 r>er cent of
their winnings to the home office, to
be placed in a general fund, and then
distributed as dividends to the "asso
ciation" members.
On letter-heads, of the "association"
S. A. Adair is given as president. !•.
"W. Thompson treasurer and S. S. Har
per secretary. Adair's and Harper's
names do not appear in the new city
directory. The letter-head further
says, "Chartered under the laws of
New York."
Great Britain is said to consum*
7,000,000 gallons of whisky each year.
come, with the exception of what is
paid for taxes,- is devoted strictly to
maintaining the academy as a free mu
seum, in the full as well as the tech
nical sense of the word, and because
article XIII, section 1, of the constitu
tion of California manifests that the in
tent of the constitution is to foster such
an institution as the California Acad
emy of Sciences, instead of diminishing
Its resources and usefulness by taxa
tion."
* In answer to the communication the
Republican Central Committee said the
executive committee of the governing
body of the Republican party In the
State had determined that the joint
Senatorial convention of the Twenty
ninth Senatorial District, which met in
Redwood City, San Mateo County, on
September 26, and of which W. J. Mar
tin ;was chairman and- W. R. Porter
secretary, was the convention recog
nized by the central committee as the
legal one and S. H. Rambo the legal
nominee. As the difficulty has now
been settled all Republicans will lend
their aid to elect the candidate.
The California Academy of Sciences
has issued a circular calling for the
support on the part of the people of the
proposed amendment to article IX of
the State constitution, to exempt from
taxation the property of the academy
in this city. In the circular the acad
emy sets forth first its purposes, and
then states that its property consists
chiefly of a building fronting on Mar
ket ... street, the income ofthe front
building supporting that in the rear, in
which the academy's exhibits are in
stalled, and that without this "income
the work of the academy could not be
carried on. Continuing the • circular
says: " : '• •
"The academy pays over $7000 a year
for taxes: Of this amount less than
one-third goes to the State at large, the
rest to the city and county of San
Francisco. This tax impoverishes the
academy, the balance of its income he
ing, insufficient to do its work. Similar
institutions in other States, such as the
Academy of Natural Sciences of Phila
delphia and the Boston Society of Nat
ural History, are exempt from taxation.
It should be exempt from taxation be
cause the whole of-the academy's in-
The three-sided fight in the Twenty
ninth Senatorial District has been defi
nitely settled by the Republican State
Central Committee, and S. H. Rambo
has been declared the legal Republican
nominee for the Senate. The announce
ment that Rambo had been recognized
as the legal nominee was contained in
an answer of the Republican Central
Committee to H. Miller, County Clerk
of Santa Cruz. County, who requested
information pending preparation of the
ballots.
Tuesday morning, in order to fulfill en
gagements to meet his colleague, Sen
ator Perkins, and other leaders of the
Republican parly. Senator Bard, in
his candidacy for re-election to the
Senate, is "receiving many assurances
of support.
The Prohibition singers of Riverside
have opened the campaign on behalf
of the State ticket of their, party. They
will sins at Napa, Woodland, Vallejo,
San Francisco, Stockton, San Jose and
other places.
The Prohibitionists assert that they
have eighty-three alliances in the
State, many of them carrying on ag
gressive local agitation. The largest
one, with a membership of 220, is lo
cated at Napa.
The statement given out" by papers
supporting Theodore Bell that the clos
ing of the canteen at the Veterans'
Home was followed by a diminished
death, rate is incorrect. The death
rate has not increased or, diminished
since Bell abolished thu canteen. The
barrooms at Yountville are open and
there veterans go who feel that they
must have whisky. The Bell amend
ment simply forces the regular drinker
to walk a mile for his grog.
RAMBO THE NOMINEE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY. OCTOBER 9, 1904.
32
AD\Ti:RTrSE31EVrS.
If you will only, try one bottle of
the Bitters it: will surely convince you
of its value in cases , of . Heartburn,
Bloating, Sick -Headache, Nervous-
ness, General Debility, Dyspepsia and
Indigestion. .- - ;
• It' has - cured \ thousands of such
cases during the past so 'years. Try it
_____ ABVEKTISE»IENTS.
Cures Grip and
COLDS
The first signs of having taken Cold
are a chill or shiver— a scrapy throat or
a sneeze— a disposition to perspire and
always that tired feeling.
A. few doses of Dr. Humphreys' "Sev-
enty-seven" will restore \ the checked
circulation, start the' blood coursing
through "the veins and break up the
Cold. v ¦.
-; "77" will also break up Colds that
hang on and do not yield to other treat-
merit.' , "" ' * . •• ; : ... .
"77" cures Coughs, Colds, Grip,, Influ-
enza,. Catarrh, -Pains -and . Soreness in
the. Head and Chest,. Hoarseness. Sore
Throat, General Prostration and Feven
'A C.DruKlits*' * 25' cents", each, or mailed. :
Humphreyii* Medicine Co.. Cor. William and
John ' Street*. New, Tork. , .
NEW GOODS AND NEW PRICES !
Price, lower tnan have IT~ ~3I To-4ay w« want to call to
ever been quoted on de- 'j I L_lj Ifeggg-ffi—^' UggJ j 'l^ wTatherefoa^ fTeau^ 'Sat" «'
pendable. artistic furniture I I! JIK^j /^W3 : ~/%. GfiPC^S II rived last week.
in San Pranci.co before. 9 VM\ //* JSSilg B <^^^^^\)^^^ t:== = 3 i] We plCtUr ° * *™ °* tt *
.CREDIT ¦ TOilUWOsiWlil^ silijrSH-^
JTor fall meature.. Terms ' |~^" — mKB- ~ — ? IL-itnwrLgiJ D» [M K^ 1 , yj& 1^,1 \l\ ¦ K . •> - H bIh «now. You're u welcome look-
TABOURCTTES $1.00 Down, $12.50 Down, $1.00 Down, grandfather's $8.50 Down, $7.00 To-Day, $1.00 Down,
for $1.00 $1.00 a Week $1.00 a Week $1.00 a Week pay CL ?£?o to $1.00 a Week $'00 a Week $|.oo a Week
. (Ucir . M -ar\mr t, .t.. ... . ' DAY. then fl.OO a rovfRI V 4TIOV BUYS THIS HAND-
In quarter - sawed • MISSION B O OK- Buys this Jbeautiful For the Mission Rock- week— easier for you tOMblNAllU.N SOME DESK. One of MAGAZINE RACK,
oak. weathered finish Ca8e> ,""* Z Of ?V£?^^ ANDCH l« A er: »"eaiber«-d oak - »nd quite as satlsfac- BOOKCASE AND , he pre ttl« a t. quaint- f^UmtthiJtiit
u«k, wemerra nnisn. 6awe d oak. weathered CABINET, a true Mis- with (renulne SDanish torv tn us Price nnsv n-»»th.r*,i p-t nattprm von over Hanl]le * t tnlar Xa»-
A strikingly pretty ta- finish Book shelves ,lon de»l*n In quarter- Teathef cushions fa« Is^. ..!.... .^4^1 ]L, "^ SI" sfdT" m Zl Enable. Shelve. J«t
bourette and a well- on all sides. Top Is sawed weathered oak. restful as it is beau- Made of weathered oa *- ° r courte. That r . rttcal . th# dM , k l8 tne mxe to accommo-
m»d». Mhn»r.>tt. Just the height of a A great big mas- r u i. p ri ce $15.00 oak. 6 feet high. Is our strong line narrower at the top. date magazlnea. and
¦ , "oourette — reading table. A pret- slve affair it is. Arm chairs to Weights, pendulum now wlth one who i e Sherve* on each side, magazines ar* rood
stoutly constructed : ty oddment and its 62 Inches in height, match, $13.50; small and numerals are of - ' . . .. . commodious drawer enough tnes« daya to
not ' of the bargain uUmy is llmoit 60 Inches wide. An chairs to match, burnished brass. The noor devoted to this >nd cupboard and tn e merit a special ke«p-
rmintor " v.ri.tu i n ». boundleta. Price 18-Inch French plato $9.50. Same easy massive hinges and beautiful finish. Price handiest Interior ar- Insr alace. 38 Inches
counter >aneiy. iow mirror in the recessed terms for arm chairs escutcheons are of teAnn rangement yet de- high: weathered oak.
priced as it is. part. Price y7.-».<H». or small chairs. antique coroer. 55U.UU . vised. Price. ..f35.OO Price f».OO
THE LOWEST AND TERMS THE EASIEST IN ALL CALIFORNIA *
. . No Mail or Telephone Orders Accepted j or Any of These Advertised Articles.
Splendid Extension Table, $20.00 "orSF^KSSE^S The New Mode! Richmond.
KEW rURNISHINOS. A staff* Tliat X«*pi Pace With th« Time*.
Easy Terms at Thl« Easy A Better, Bigger 815O.OO Worth. Perfect In every particular — Jtxrt thla p«xt«et> 1*
, Frice. a new pattern extension table. 5 nyth1 "^ b J e * ks - w « re P? lr Jt at our f x^ e " se K If y ™
mn««ivf» fTioiieh for a mansion Vpw "° not fin " il t0 be a11 wo represent it to be, *very
m&§ 84.OO Down, SI. 00 a Week. 'So r S uf t S new beZm fur" penny of your money will be returned— quick! cheer-
M~"r nishinss iully: No nemming or hawing: about it!
\*J . . Pedestal Extension Tables — No Matter |, ow many times you've The new niodel has detachable nickel trimmings;
jfca. »" Tables with the single massive se en it. you'll feel well repaid for llft T th «"m °ff when cleaning the stove.
center column are rarely of- another' vl.lt. nutdTTl^'S 1 ** '^
¦<'VESPB$Blr%> fered at leSS than $30 ' and th ' S 813O.OO and a Year'a Time to Pay *" Je*&~T*P»L
any $30 table you ever saw. THE RENTING DEPARTMENT _^^-*j^T^BBHrB^>g™^^^^ r\
lllllllfCiEr ft exton(ls to . six foct> th0 wnl ni1<1 y° u a dosir able house. 0&Pp Dollar
ilFallfijt Beautifully proportioned and will not bo Importuned to buy or to . /tJlS&Jf&AiC^ WCCK
OPERATIONS NOT
ALWAYS NECESSARY
IKxtots Frequently Mistaken.
"I suffered untold agony with piles
for over three years. Two doctors told
me nothing but an operation would cure
me. I tried different remedies, but
nothing did me any good until I used
Pyramid Pile Cure. I bought six 50-ceiit
boxes at ihe drug store, and now I can
do my work and go out. where before
I pnent most of my time lying Vlown. I
thank God for giving the discoverer the
knowledge to make puchacure. I recom-
mend it to all my friends, and if I ever
have piles again will certainly use this
rrrnarkaiile remedy. You can use this
in any way you wish to make known
the wonderful merit of Pyramid Pile
Cure." Mrs. Wm. Mucky, SI Marshall
street. Elizabeth. N. J.
The experience of this lady is that of
1 hoy sands of others who have been as-
sured ,that nothing short of an opera-
tion would rid them of this distressing
complaint. On the face of it. it appears
as if too many surgeons operate in or-
der that they may keen their hand in
and lose no portion of their skill: then,
again, too many surgeons an? anxious
to experiment (like the scientific man
In Mark Twain's pathetic story of the
dog and her little puppy), and do not
have proper regard for a patient's phy-
sical welfare or condition.
We advise every sufferer to think
twice before submitting to an operation
for piles, and suggest that those inter-
ested write to the Pyramid Drug Co.,
Marshall. Mich., for their little book on
the causep and cure of piles, which is
»ent free for the asking.
Home jM Room
I jar"" Sfc4_
g| \Wa Mm]
EK fir SI
I 4*HJCUTTER I
• ¦ - I OLD 501MB0N
, • - ¦ ' I
Never Before
' has there been such a
demand for the ~
Overland....
\
- Th< first edition of the Octo-
~ issue is newly so!4 out.
WHY?
See for yourself!
. ' ' A few copies left!
At/All NEWS STANDS
"i /* ~ .- - " ~" ~~
&&(J9cu£aAiwm>
V^Q Perfect Fitting (/jV
W Eyeglasses cM
l-X k\ Moderate Cos! f . i
V 642 / riARKE.TST 1
0 visit DR.. JORDAN'S okcat*
('MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
( (jj ::!: 1U2XK IT. lit. J:i»fti, ITCH. A
I y.JL. *«i W««kteM« er icy eomr»ct>4 M
FtffKpt •*•*•*• ***"«»»-«r rarwi h y tk..iatn "
<( iBUMI V«="''»-- »¦ lh » Com-. E« 3 »y«,i. ©
A sSkI or - "man-diseases of ken $
iffiBB CafiaattitM fr*» ar.d *tri<-t1y print* \
I J T*\f H Tmmer.i pirtriW or hy inter. A A
I W rVI ft"*" AnuiWTCUtudrratn. W
ill IlA Wrtr f-r F'.k.rM!t.««t>rBV»r i
" I IP »*i»»iA«r. MAtt.ro ruie. ( a f
X -fl (I *»!u.b!» b«k fcr ra-c) \
V Ott. JOKDAft *tO. 10J1 M»rlt»r*t..*. r. W
|HS BFJDGE & CO.; {{
!:. MERCHANT TAILORS, «•
jj t22 Market Street I'
<: Up.Suirs. . Opp. P*lace Hat si. «
|; SAN FRANCISCO. ||
«-- Novelties .in Imported Wear «
jjgp^Every Woman
,V?^ .\\Vi \J\ ii\ U latereated and should know
PrKs^taM M * Ry CL Whirling Spray
Uji35'i^«v l^Mi The ww *•»«¦¦« VH,-. /*.«-.
"Vi^y*^Clif* 'V nik tto*aK<tHttrntm. Hrtt-Att-
-XT^-1-^— gKfc,.,. »n-Mf»t CotiTenlfnt.
<V ffl rz^y ltO«M»fto»««iJy.
if hr funrtot tuvp\j ihe X'-- iS&J Ai,, *';+>?*^
«AItVKI..»OTf.lr.o Nl^r^W^P^t-^.
other. bt>» iwnd u»m p for Sht r^^'-JyXZ
i:iostratr4hook-w^(r4. ItfiTr* \\, / "-.VJT
lujl pnrt)cul»ri»nd'lir»^ion» In- . [L'h I M
TulDkbU to Udir* WARVMiCO.,^/, ¦;•.¦.. M
41Tark n*w, Xc w 1 •rk-
IS2 "N«w Montgomery, Ean Francisco. Cal.
William Huteroth tl*&i*r' Dept.). 234 Sutter.
fr.inn Drur Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Oarood Brother*... 7th and Broadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy US EI1U
;|ASTH/VIANOLA|
Is th. only enre for Kirrom and
BrcnchU.1 ASTKKA.
, Your Drurrlet or at 56s HAIGHT ST..
- ' S« n Francisco. CaJ.
'J SUMMER RESORTS.
' S01TX CHOKE HOTEL— On Tomales
Say. <Jood table and accommodation*. Houn
cas-llfbtrd. Price* very reaaonable, MRS. J.
ttriCLDS. Marthalla. Marln Coqnty. Cai.
Wrl,$l.00B6rS
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOMENJV APPAREL EXCLUSIVELY
117 GEARY'STREET
Ever uppermost in our minds is the question of worth and
style. Our unrelaxins purpose is to retain the reputation we have
gained in presenting only correctly fashioned and carefully fin-
ished garments made only of reliable materials. This is the srreat
point we would impress. We want our simple name to be all that
is necessary to assure you that the garment is all that can be de-
sired. ' Then" you can jjive attention to prices.
- THISliUEEK'S VALUES
..¦'•:* For the coming week we have arranged some very interesting
values of Imported and American made high-class gowns, tailor-made
suits and waists.. as follows:
TAiLOR-MADE SUITS— Fancy mixtures, half-fit- CO-rCrt
ting Coat, prettily trimmed with velvet and braid. Price.. 9»(>jU
I • THE NEW TOURIST COAT SUIT— 44 inches long, Ortrtrt
smartly made; black and brown cheviot. Price yJU.UU
ENGLISH COVERT SUITS— Well tailored, the new 24-lnch coat
skirt beautifully stitched, trimmed .with buttons. Price.. »->/»«!'
• . . . — «p«3U.UO
; TAILOR SUITED— Fancy mannish mixtures, long or />/»
tight-fitting coat,, with -vest. Beautifully tailored. Price.. 3><J->.UU
TAILORED. SUITS— The new box coat. navy, blue or black ehevlnt«
beautifully trimmed with tailor braid and touches of cloth <P A *\ tA
Price $42 .50
FANCY TAILORED SUITS — An entirely new model allk hlou«
with cape; pleated skirt, blue or brown cheviot, handsome- Q»2./\ /*2£
ly trimmed with braid. Price v>OU.OO
VELVET SUITS — Just received, some exclusive de-* C £L f\ f\r\.
. sighs. in brown velvety Price. $Ov.vU
FANCY TAILOR-MADE SUITS— Elaborately trimmed and *hnwn
with the new : Peplum" Jacket, navy and black French Tc-5e rw>
•broadcloth. Price 3>< O.VJL)
j.'.'AFJERN'CON end EV/EIN1IVG GO\A7FVS
i : A CHARMING AFTERNOON GOWN— Of French voile navv tar.
¦ ..or black; prettily trimmed with lace, all silk lined. Price \\\ \ C%C%
B FANCY CHIFFON TAFFETA GOWNS — Very elegant' (CA *^^.
B In brown or blue. Price ..V. . . . : . . .-. . . ; ...?;?. . $50.00
i ES I T / * INCY WAISTS
I CHIFFON WAISTS— Elaborately shirred and beautifully made I
I ; golden brown, dark and light blue, pinl; or white. Price. . tn CA SI
¦ • ; TAFFETA WAISTS — Very elaborate, brown or navy cit C/\ H
H blue. Price '. : )Ia>OU MTrust Company at Newark at. a time
to be fixed by the receiver. The stock
to be disposed of is as follows:
* Twelve thousand shares of the Cres
cent Shipbuilding Company, value
$100 each; 6000 shares of the Samuel
L. Moore & Sons Company, value $50
each; 1000 shares of Bath Ironworks,
value $100 each; 1000 shares of Hlnde
Windlass Company, value $100 each;
500 shares Eastern Shipbuilding Com
pany. $100 each; 10,000 shares Harlan
& Holllngsworth Company, $100 each;
13,060 shares of, Union Iron Works,
value $100 each.
COURT ORDERS THE SALE
OF SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
Receiver Smith Will Dispose of Ship
building Trust's Stock Holdings
In Seven Concerns.
TRENTON, N. J., Oct. 8. — Judge
Lanning signed an order In the Unit
ed States District Court to-day direct
ing Receiver Smith of the United
, States Shipbuilding Company to sell
at public- auction the stock of the
rubsidlary companies. The sale will
be held in the office of the Federal
NEW YORK NTETCSPAPBR MAX
IX BRITISH PARLIAMENT
Harr^ Marks ..Elected to Represent Isle
. -. of . Tlianq't in the Uouae .''i - :
.. - ., pf, Commons. .. . yjgi
f LONDON," Oct. 8— Harry' Marks,
chief owner of the Financial News of
this- city and a former* >few" T"<Jrk
newspaper man. has been elected "\o
represent the. Isle of Tts&tffe lfrf*tbe
House of Commons, though 'by.a; great
ly-'reduced* majority, , succeeding tfie
Jate'Jlm'es LoVtherl **¦'-.. X
It is said the Czar of Russia: has sent
an agent to the United States I to pro
cure data on lynching.- He -might en
large the agent's- scope of ..inquiry, to'
take in a Jury-fixing in ¦ Kentucky.
OFFICERS BELIEVE THEY
HAVE SANTA FE ROBBER
The National Guardsmen of Califor
nia are in a quandary- Orders have
been Issued for target practice accord
ing to the law o* the State, but with
tr.o or three exceptions the men can
not use the new arm, the Krag-Jor
jrensen. for the reason that tney have
no suitable ranges. That is. ' none
have bfen provided by the State.
v.h;c h while it accepted the new arm
in exchange for the Springfiolds, made
no apprdnriaUon for ranges at which
the ni<»n can shoot with the new rifle.
i^djutant General Lauck a short time
*inc<* .declare that the new weapons
are dangerous, for if a bullet passed
the mark it was aimed at it. might
Kjrike some innocent individual who
rr.ight be «ome distance away.
. The few companies that have been
n.t»le to practice have had ranges of a
suitable character built at their own
. x;.'-nse. Where suitable ranges have
been built the target practice has been
successful and free from danger. It
1k;s been fc'jxgesled that arrangements
mifcht be made with the War Depart
ment to use a portion of the military
reservation on the Marin County shore
for target purposes.
j Second Lieutenant Charles F. Fick
ri t. Troop A, Cavalry, has tendered his
resignation : .Second Lirutenant Joseph
A. McCarthy. Company F, First In
fantry, and Second Lieutenant Percy
Steves. Company B. Fifth Infantry,
have xione likewise.
Company D, Fifth Infantry, which
has Its own rifle range near San Ra
fael, will obey orders as to State shoot
lo-day. • . -_. - -•
Silk Goods Stolen From .Train Stalled
by Washout Found In Prisoner's
Possession.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 8.— Frank
Rhodes, alleged to be an ex-convlct, is
under arrest here. He is suspected of
having robbed a Santa Fe freight train
that waa stalled during . the recent
washout in Arizona. Rhodes had in his
possession when arrested a lot of silk
dress goods. The goods haVe been found
to ; be part of a consignment shipped
from a New York wholesale house to
Los Angeles via the Santa Fe.
Detective Gilroy. has wired that .the
capture «s very important and to hold
tie prisoner.
GUARDS HAVE RIFLES,
' BUT HAVE NO TAIXGCTS
The schooner Del Nnrte, Captain
Finch, arrived yesterday afternoon with
a cargo of lumber, thirteen days from
Fiuslaw River, coast of Oregon. The
vessel encountered rough weather and
began to leak soon aftor leaving port.
Her pallors were kept at the pumps and
by constant effort she was kept afloat.
Schooner Del Xorte Aleak.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 8. — Charles E.
PadiKa. a young Indian, was to-day
senienced to life imprisonment at Fol
som for the murder of an old man
named MoCarty. Padilla's companion
In crime, Charles Lawrence, was
hanged yesterday.
IJfe Sentence for Murderer.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 8. — There
is much agitation among the negroes
here to-niirht over the action of the
management of a new cafe which was
opened here last week to supply meat
and drink to the ultra-fashionable.
The cafe made a start as a swell place
and the announcement was given out
that measures would be taken to keep
the "choles" and negroes from the
place. This was enough to make
some of the local darkies risk their
necks to get Into the place and six of
them walked into the b'ar this after
noon and called for drinks. Their
money was pushed back across the
counter with the information that
drinks were S12 each. Shortly after
ward four others tried and were given
the same reception. Then they went
out to see a lawyer and are now trying
to raise the necessary funds to bring
suit against the manager of the place.
The manager of the place said to
night that the law prevented him from
refusing meals or drinks on account
of color, creed or condition, but that
there Is no law th'at will fix the price
of his wares and that if 512 Is not
beyond the reach of his black brethren
he proposes to raise the price again.
Freclal Dlapatch to Th» C«U.
PORTLAND. Oct. 8. — ;Major H. L.
Rees, acting chief paymaster located
at Portland, and. who is In charge of
the funds of the Department of the
Columbia, has been relieved from duty
pending an Investigation of his ac
counts^ The money In' his care '„ was
turned ' over to-day to Assistant Pay
master F. R. Day. The action was
taken as the result of an inspection of
the affairs of the local office by
Colonel C. S. Mills. Inspector general.
United States army, who came here
from Washington a week ago.
On his arrival here last Monday
Colonel Mills relieved Major Rees
from duty, pending investigation.
Colonel Mills has spent the week
checking the chief paymaster's ac
counts and finds that the amount
of money on hand corresponds with
.the -books. There . is no apparent
defalcation, a Investigation of his af
fairs was the result of complaints
that had reached the deoartment con
cerning Major Rees' methods of busi
ness.
Some time ago, it is alleged, he In
volved a brother officer in a loss by
giving him a check on a bank in
which he had no' funds deposited. A
similar complaint, involving a larger
amount, was sent to Washington a
week ago by the proprietors of the
Belvedere Hotel and the '.Louvre res
taurant. For years Major Rees > was a
patron at the hotel and several months
ago he presented a check on the First
National Bank for $400, which was
cashed without question. The check
was protested at 'the bank, as-Ttees
had no funds to his personal account.
•The hotel" men have an account of
$100 against the major. He has prom
ised repeatedly to settle both" accounts,
but has hot done' so.' -. .
The Portland office handles all the
money ! necessary for • paying - the
United States army posts of Washing
ton. Oregon, Idaho and Alaska.
INVESTIGATING
MAJOR'S BOOKS
BLACKS WANT
WHITE RATES
The canal extends from a point on
Cache Creek throe miles above Capay.
thence south to Winters, and then runs
east to Davisville. It is thirty-five
miles Ion;? and forty feot wide and will
<;arry a four-foot head of water. Nearly
all of Yolo County is now assured
plenty of water for irrigation pur
poses.
WINTERS. Oct. 8.— The celebration
and barbecue here trv-<3ay in h-mor of
the flooding of the new irrigation ca
i.al was a gTeat success. In spite of
the showery ¦weather about 1500 peo
ple were present. The exercises were
held In the opera-house, speeches be
ing made by G. W. Scott. Joseph II.
Craig. Captain B. B. Tuule, X. A.
Hawkins, J. \V. Snowball. G. 'W.
Pierce and E. E.- Lcake. The dinner
was spread under the large fruit-load
ing sheds. The canal was flooded and
many went to see it and rejoice over
the new era that has been opened for
this section.
YOLO COUNTY
IS JUBILANT
AT SE1GLK2 HOT STRINGS : From San
rFrmacUco — Dr. E. H. Benjamin/ Frank Cresse
.;ar.<1 wife. Ike Springer, Mrs. K. Pauli, Mrs.
L J.. Kislwr... C Bttbsp and wife. Captain T. V.
1»«1e>-,-' J- Anfl^rson. H.' Atifler
|*Bot2. Mrs. M. COnway. Miss M. n. Con way,
Fmi Smiley. Mi^s Ada Schnell. Miss Irene-
KkIw. Frank J. Ellis. Miss Josephine Me
-Ciirthy. from Oakland — (ieorffe I>. Winches
ter, Itpb«?rt rbelin. Helen Atwoo«l. FVe.l Davis.
From Hay ward— J. II. StrobrliigA and wife.
Fr^m Oroviii" — Dr. F; W. Benjamin. ¦ '-
. AT ADA-V-^ SPRINGS: KwrnSan Fran
cisco — \V. WalFori, I'harl^s Huelsman, John
Mir.ahan. <*Thar!ps DeboH. Thnmas Brown. John
Fif-hley. .May Gillon. J. E. Burke. Henry Ga
bilf.lli. K. Rhode. Mrs. Roberts. L. R. Tucker.
Mr» r>on». John Powell. Mrs. Joe Burns, MIes
May Rurr.s Mrs. I*. G. HaHigan. Mr. and
Jim. Sacks*. A. E. Crist. L. McKelly. J. II.
Serpent. Mrs. Ellh AVelman, Mr. Knoblauch,
<* A Mlllei. James J. Rowland, R. II. Lang,
J. J. Shaw, Mrs. E. I'auli. Mrs. J. Fisher,
Gecipe Hunc-ini. F. O'Grady, John l\nter,
Frank Roque. Mr. and Mrs. Dickie, George A.
Cockerton. W. M. Kitchen. Mies K. Kitchen,
X. P. Millojrlav, O. K<?rspard. S. C. Camp
br11. Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Kern. James Shea.
.It hn J. Or-msby. C. H. Kin*:. Mr. and Mr?.
?< n^a? W. M. Bettercroft N. B. Ouffjr, Al
bert Reid. A. H. HoldridKe, A. J. Holdrldge,
*; Malone, Al Comm, Mr. and Mrs. S. J.
Pfck. Mrs. W. Atly, Joseph l'oite. Mrs. Wit
inofr'e. W. Crady. B. Craig. Mr. and Mrs.
Mit-s Callaghan. Mrs. May. Mrs.
V Sugfren. Mrs. A. D. Mcl>onald. Miss M.
B. nhan. MIes He'.lborn. Miss M. Heilborn. Au
p-ust Heilborn. W. <!hatborn. N. Andrews, A^
Ai drewp. C. Andrews Denny O'Brien, Charles
I'lentel, H. H. Herren. Mrs Stroud. Mis«
Stroud. Mrs. W*. M. Jacob, Henry D. Lake,
E. C. Val?r.tln<« Fred i.'ole. Ali^e Taylor. W.
li. Marshall Mattle Fillers. Olmer Kelsey,
E H. Hall. Eda Ashton.
AT HOTEl< El, i'ARMELO. Pacific Grove:
From fan Franci«eo — A. I>. Greene. E. J.
Brown. I>. H. Back;«er. S. S. Peters and wife,
Mrs. Burnhall. William - Scott. George F.
Walker. J. Kimball. George Wood; Mr. and
Mrc. G. Harris, Santa Cruz: Mrs. Andrew
Harrell. Miss Elino? Harrell. Palo Alto t Ernest
Cheadler. Santa Barbara; J. W. Collins and
puity. Chicago; Harry Taber. Watsonvllle; D.
W. Evans, Alt». Ind.; Mrs. Ottn Ruylor. Phila
delphia; Mm. Doming:. I'asadena; E. D. Han
na. Mrs. Mlalcand. Han Jose: Mr. lyeonhardt,
San Francisco; Miss. Head, Berkeley; Mr». J.
! E. Pamkin. Cannel-by-S-Va: Mr. and Mrs.
! Francis Da\'ts, J. B. Cooper. C C. Grace, San
Francisco; D. WcM and wife, Sacramento;
Thomas Foster. Oakland; Dr. N. E. Richard
ton. Salinas; Georpe W. Ixirens and wife.
Sacramento; Mirs Burke. Fresno: Mr. and
Mrs. Bailey and child. San Francisco; "\V. S.
Fhattuck. Ray Shattuck. Fan Jose; J. A. Hyde.
K. C. Hyde. Maud R. Kennedy, Fan Fran
cieco: Ruby Brown. Denver. Cclo. ; W. B.'Hor
ner San Francisco; S. H. Lee. Philadelphia,
Pa.; T,. C. May. Cincinnati; J. Boner, Mlfs E.
Bo we Fan Francisco; H. L. CarmlchaeL and
i wife. G. C. Hall. Mi«s O'Neal. San Francisco;
; Mrs. S. M. Fteele, Oakland.
-AT THE. RESORTS.
"A Japanese Nightingale," which
will be presented for the first time on
this coast by the Oliver Morosco Com
pany at the Majestic Theater this
evening, .will, in addition to its great
spectacular settings and array of Jap
anese costumes of the richest charac
ter, be noteworthy from the contrast
afforded by the appearance of Miss
Eleanor Gordon as Theodosia Harker
in one ol Worth's latest Parisian de
signs. As she is the only American
Kirl Jn the play, Miss Gordon's gown
will be brought out in strong relief
ngainstthe -settines of scene and cos
tuming, peculiar to the Orient.
.' The production of "A Japanese
Nightingale" at the Majestic Theater
will equal the presentation given the
drama in -e\v. York by Klaw & Er
langer, from whom it was secured by
H. -W. Bishop by special arrangement.
It will ,be one of the greatest produc-'
tloris ever * undertaken by any stock
house in the "West.
MIBS ELBAN'OK GOBDOX, WHO
TAKES A LEADING PART IX "A
JAPANESE NIGHTINGALE."
Actress to Wear
Beautiful Gowns
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9. 1904.
33
XOOX LUNCHES.
To Interest the Women.
GRAPE-NUTS.
A bright young business woman who
lives in a big city says:
"This is in reference to noon lunches
for working women. I have had' much
trouble about my lunch, getting rather
tired cf the cold lunches I brought and
which «ue not very appetizing by the
time the noon hour comes.
"I had heard so muchtabout Grape-
Nuts I determined to try that food, so
had a local creamery deliver half a
pint of cream to the. office every day at
noon and this, with Grape-Nuts, of
which I kept a pkg. In the office, I
found greatly added to the meal.
••Then gradually I ceased to use any-
thing but the Grape-Nuts and cream
and for the last four months have had
nvthing but this fon lunch and am per-
fectly satisfied, am better and stronger
In nerves, body' and brain and enjoy
the glow of perfect health.
"My lunch now costs me about 6c a
day and I have gained 25 pounds. I
hope some working Rirl who Is bothered
about what to have for lunch will pro-
fit by this." Name given by Postum
Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
Try Grape-Nuts 10 days and prove
for yourself what a scientifically made
food will do. - •%,-:;
"There's a reason."
Get the famous little book. "The Road
to "Wellvtlle." In each 'j>ackaire.
j'.'. '__'_ ._ ADVERTISEMllVrS. , ., ' - ' * .. v. 6
¦_ . . . ii • «. • • . .¦> • « • ¦ I
' ' ' ' '•,' - ' : *' $>
Have Been Spent to Give Liquozone rFree to the^Sicfi;.
When we purchased the rights to | not kill. The reason Is that germs are *>andrvff— Drop«y ' stomach Troobi««
Liquozone we decided to buy the first vegetables; .and Liquozone— like an SS^Erysjpeii,' ' TSb^^JoM?* 1 *" ' •-• '
bottle and give it free to each sick one excess of oxygen — is deadJy to vege- y«ven— Can stone* • Tumors— xncer« :
we learned of. We published the of- tal matter. " . " ' ' '¦ flSStSSaWt? ' ' ' TC arlco^ w D i' " " '
fer in nearly every newspaper in There lies ,th? great value of Liquo- ;- A1 J Wise; that WnS^tJ^Ztn-
America, and i,8oo,coo people have ac- zone. It is the only way known to .kill Cammation— all catarrh— an oontanom di»-
cepted it. In one year it has cost us germs in the body without kiljingithe """d^* 11 l ?*- re ? u^ J .. 0 .{ ; 1 ? pai ?t or y¥ >lsoae<1
over one million dollars to announce tissues, too. Any drug that kills germs in urmi debtmy'UqnosqMtactalaiSk n-
and fulfill the offer. is a poison, and it cannot be taken in- taiiier..accompUshjnr what no;dfa«s caa'.da^
Don't you realize -that a product ternally. Medicine :is almost helpless . v » . 5O/» Bottle^Pl^fi* *'"**
must have wonderful merit to make in any germ disease. It is this fact v .: . . **yr"- \- 9 r >.< " '.<V
such an offer possible? We have never that gives- Liquozone its worth to : If ; you "need- liiquozone.'. and 'bare
asked a soul to buy Liquozone. We humanity.. And that worth -is so great never tried iti*sptJease -«.end^iu»- this
have published no testimonials, no that, after testing the product for two coupon.,. We will then maii'vbu- an" or-
physician's indorsement. We have years, through physicians and hospi- dec .on *• a local druRsist '.for- a'. f»ll-
simply asked the sick to try it— try it tals, we paid $100,000, for the Ameri- size' bottle, 'and -yve Vritt payjttjift drtts:-
at our expense. And that is all we ask can rights. . t< . ¦-.. gis't ourselves ipt.it.vThia.is.our free
you, if you need it. . riA»^ n:»*Ui«« gift^ made tb'convinxfeyoiftp.l.sh'qw
__.._¦_ " r* ¦: w.rm Vl^eSSeS. you what Liquozone is,, and, yjha$;it
. KlllS mSlde GermS. These arc'the known j?erm diseases can Mo.' la Justice to yoursAlf^lease
Liquozone is not made by com- All that medicine , can £d# for these zcct P l '^to-day, -for it places; ;^6.u
pounding drugs, nor is there alcohol troubles (s to help Nature; overcome under no obligation whatever. .,, .^
in it. Its virtues arc derived solely the germs., and-such.: results are indi- Liquozone costs 50c and. §1.
from gas— largely oxygen' gas— by a rect and uncertain. Ljau'ozone attacks ( rtrr out THIS 'COUPON
process requiring immense apparatus the germs, wherever they are. And for ££ cffeTmay n^Tp^ar^«aT^ ym
and 14 days time. This process has, when the germs which cau.se a disease out»th« biaiiki tM taut it. t<* th» Lf<tuia
for more than 20 years, been the con- are destroyed, the disease, must end, o»n«..cp.. 458-4«uwaba»|»^ av*. .cbtcapo.
stantsubject of scientific and chemi- and forever. That is inevitable. My* «••»••-'•««.••• K.'.*.r,..::V
ral research . — -vlbart-ner^r tried liauraoae.-bat-.lt'Ttitti
cai researcn. , . Asthma Hay Fever— Pnfluenx* Will waply m« u. 50c. bottl* fre« I wUl
The result is a liquid that does what Ahsce»»— Anaemia , Kidney Di9<jaa«*. Sko it ' v>- " . . .-
oxygen does. It is a .nerve food and SSSf 11^!?^- ; La Grippe - *" • - ....... . -- ..,-..
. P- ° . r , .. . . , c 1 , • • Blood Polion Leucorrh«a • - .............•...•»* ......«.«£.......
blood food^-the most helpful. thing in Brtghf* Diseas* uver Troubles : ¦ l.v-Vs • ¦' " """ ¦' -'-• •^• :v -
the world, to you. Its effects are ex- ? ow ' 1 |^5? u l b . le "' Malaria— Neuralgia - ' '.,.;...;..,...v..{»wjvvvV-v^,
hilarating," vitalizing, purifying Yet gSSSS^SS^ " ¥"!-g? t Zn%£ bl " " ' V^-Avi.r-.^^r^V.V^ ,...v£^
it is a germicide SO- certain "that we Colic— Croup PleurUy— Quinsy, • ' 514' Civ fall adaregg— wrlt< plainly.
riiiKlicVi nn >v#»rv hr>t-fl#» ati r>ff#»r nt Constipatloi* Rheumatism. ' ' ' . . • * . „ . . , (3 '
publish. On <eyery : DOttiC an Otter Ot catarrh— Cancer - Scrofula— SyihUls" "A-ny fc&y»telan- ot~ hospital not frtf \iiJb S
$IOOO for a disease germ that It can- Dysentery — Diarrhea . -Skin UlteaHi ¦ . «.- . Llquozon? will.be gladly supplied' for %'. U«u
AD\^ERTISEMEXTS. J
ON THE SAFETY OF OVER-
EATING.
The Rale of Choosins the I/esscr jpt
Tito Evils Applies to the
Way You Eat.
I want to know how a man Is to
know when he has bad enough.
The Pilgrim Fathers, I believe, had
,-a quaint sayins to the effect that you
•shculd always rise from the table feel-
ting as If you could eat pome more.
But the Question is. how much more?
Just when to stop?
That's the point.
The rule is wrong, because lt Is no
rulo at ail.
It is inexact and unscientific
II is likely to lead to the dangerous
habit of eating too H»fl^, .
And mating too little — or digesting too
little, which amounts to the same thing
. — {* the cause of nine-tenths at the dis-
.f-ares Iroai which humanity Euffers to-
day.
What is iOiseAse? ,. ,
It is dimply uneven balance between
"wime'and repair.
. Some orcan lacks strength to earry'
on the eyecial work for which " it" wat ;
created.
Where shall lt find the strength It
lacks?
In drugs?
Ten thousand times, NO!
Better die than become a hopeless
drug 15 end.
No; in food.
"But." you say. "I eat a plenty of
good food every day:"
Truf. dear Irlend; but you dont di-
gest !L
And fcod, undigested.' Is mere 'poi-
son.
Bo, to make food do you good, you
" must take Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
The .great thing about Stuart'a Dys-
pepsia Tablets is that their action does
not depend upon stimulative dxuggery.
They cannot create a habit.
.' They contain no ingredients to "pick
you up." "tone up your nervous eye-
! tern" or furnish whip energy, by calling
• out your vital reserve force.
They create new Ptrenpth, force and
. energy — out of your food.
If taken Ftarving, they will do you
no grood at elL
So, eat to live and live to eat with
' Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
The curso cf our present civilization
Is exhaustion.
And exhaustion, whether of brain,
nerves, physical strength or vital force,
Is caused by starvation.
Of two evils, it Is better to overeat
••(and prevent indigcEtion with Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablet?) than to rise from
. the table not having eaten enough to
repair the exhaustion of your vital
' forces.
For exhaustion or starvation leads to
: the most varied forms of sickness or
disease, brought on by inability .of the
-weakened vitality to counteract the
dif^25? — poisons and microbes.
, Whereas, the weil-fed arid' well-nour-
ished person, without ever feeling the
' w-orse for Jt. can expose himself to dan-
pfrp. th» mere thought of, which. would
drive the w«*ak, starveling dyspeptic
.into a panic fit.
Good food, well digest'*!, is the great
.Ferret of a healthful existence here oh
earth. • •
So eat heartily, every day, of the best
food you can. get and regulate the
"working of your dicreFtive machinery
•with Ptunrt's Pyepopsia Tablets.
As a result, you will be 'astonished to
f-r ¦! h- ¦'.-.- much stronger and lirelier'you
'f •»<¦¦!. how :nurh mere .and better work
you fnr. do. ho^v much rooro pleasure
i will p"t out of life and how your
0 rnemy, that chronic trouble which
ha* "upon your weak spot.
wherever it is. will up and away and
i»ver nfi^r !cavo you in peace, health
I ¦ ' pomfort.
. Tlirrr."-- it.jzq truth ihan poetry- in *11
Try it orice.
— , , . , r-TTi ¦ . . r _ .. ¦¦ — ; ¦ ; -• -..., -- .... ¦..—¦- .....,- .,^- : .. ... l !l'"— -"V ~;.-^_.V—
JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. I JOE ROSENBERG'S. a - _. | JOE
AM I MDAD TT A MTT P^/IT WTTt ®W Fall and Winter Goods hayelarriyed
11 irlrvlv 1 r%i\ 1 HrV^lTl • fln d »!l9^i^yj||e|wiisaJe1Mpite ..
— ; : ' ' T ¦'¦''''¦.; . - : ' ¦ ;¦, - f* - '.•
Just Received . We do not let anybody give you quite so much for your money as you get Just. Opened ''.'* v " :
11 !!?™ here. That's the Price Cutter's -policy. What we say you can be* sure it's so. T«S?*SfSi *>i*&aSr"^S
ing cold weather — Our assortment is -'¦••- ¦ < You -Wear Them. - ; -
C °m Pl « et^ a^ d PfJces ate -right.. but ypu i , . , n : v Plrrt: UU>IES' HOSB— "Mad* of-
will find it more than so when you /Ztffrft *Qj —^Jj. ' -"ft— V4 r A aA' v\ ' 'CX \jf'" **v?l ' \g[ ' jrw TO l «n heavyw^ipht Egyptian thread, cxtra-
insppct tlipm. > V . '. , , '¦ . VsflR »T^" T **^'~ :=^tf** aM ' T V^l ' ' \ J\' "'A T . >^1"" ¦ ' IJ —' ' ¦"'W "'^r-'- '"' AJ 1 ™?^, flne Jersey rlbbo'.l; double heels, toes •
LADIES' PETTICOATS— Made of « "^S'n. ~>OS^— -g^J> 1- yW5* 11 ~--^«rtr 1 "—^\S^~ "y 1^^" 1 "" 'T®^ »9 d sojes;.\-elvat finish and •tarrdw, -.
Daisy flannel, -with double- flounce. ' ' \^ I /r * .Y X>^-"^T / Cf^ L^^. ' «« " ji ' ' " * ' — > \ V black. Price... :... 2Sc ,
Se^mS^S I to attract yohrattentom Sr^^rSS-
LADIES' OOWH8— Made of Cin- X «S1^ W Ifk *& A*^ VB IS© W W *K f^t: extra -length and generdiis irf |
d»r«»lla-l!annrl. double yoke, back and t Ww lOB ft'Jpk&* §, & ffSMl >% ISy JgL^ (x wldth - Pric * .-oOc
front, rolling collar, hand cuffs. Gen- f * " ""'"^ a — « p>^ 1^ " •«»•«-»» *mw -^ »m ua. — . — '¦ ¦ # . «. .._...
omnsly madf. In pink and hluft V >U^M* /^^^V jgS Bm^f^ HES^tok *&~± J$ r f§ B&. S fiQ - JS IS 8^ V\ XS ISi JB^ '®> . fS» • _ V • . k^CDlS • • • ¦ • •-v. . - -^ '
01^^. 9. Cjr€L9 C91DJS9 fl^w^ -ARKlwEl? •• a ¦ j-:^"— <* b^. w^^^r
Xothlne. skimped about these but the . .. VJ / >- ' -:-, ¦. ¦-¦¦ -¦ . ,C ?, O< ?^,i hat Vi n m •¦?°7 ed i !n ?T y .' '
PSSf, ••: •• , v 7oc - ;fl ; Our.FaU Novelties Just Deceived , : ,. , . .. . M il^T^h^^l^^y^Jl-
What AbOUt a Shawl V ' ( 'in LADIES' NECKWBAB Have Arrived— And there Our first shipment of the new PA1X. GLOVES— We f II^fHhX, vn,? wU^hk^^ «°iS' ~1r *
_ . ." " Z* * •- , r • 7 are some very pretty ones among them and quite in- are headquarters for the Kpyser Double Woven Fin- | «nf « h ! «» °« r 1 "-.^®, a^?? w =JRH; *i
Tor Comfort and Warmth This ... I .expensive. > ger - Tipped Gloves. Made Of all French silk, three V Pr - lce 1Oc « or - 3 palrS *<>T - ; -> * - :~OG. .
Our buyer cZTZL* a small U ! 1 M ? d V / o^^d OllT StOrC'IS SfflaU'" - / '^«
usually been sold for. and of course V "«,', »yf««S-.' A ~t s_ *t r w - —J TmU not see that they are worth seeing? Price 50c A oLttff« T t f
our patrons will get the benefit of it. I TtlC Mane AnlOinetlC Collar aiKl 1 aD ''XT c 1^ ami.1. HAIKPCTS— MM»*6rttal-^-"
snelr-nXI-n 6 ' with^d^n V Made of flne cobweb point lace, in.the real lace color. HaVC YOUSCeil Ian shell, flnely flnisfted. rt ldcnT.^'
El p ? Shetland floss In pink blue' h Price ••• 60c The new up-to-date VTOS OB HAT DBAPSS?— > -. long. In straight >and 'Crtukled.. ¦ Ip
cardinal whit! and black^ Price 5Oc c . ,. n n „ Th-y axe like our jrrandmothers used to wear, but I black, tortoise, also light and "dark
cardinal. ¦Mine ana DiacK. ±rice..ouc / ShOUldd* Or CaDC Collar >" lighter and more airy, also more effective— 54 Inches • | amber.- -Price, a .doaen. 12c
-Can YOU Remember a ' , « That I. on. of the newest styles for .the fall and we £[& a'rt^sUky^us^' VSriSS ! ffiS:: iS2 "fi . V . JgSffSSttW &J2vS&£SZ > ¦
Good Thing Over Sunday? , I ST^f^^ &&&53ZB |«t FSS^SSSSs^H>-
morning. It Is one of the new fall b collar at a very low price r81.25.AtitQ Vcilill(J ' \2 "™~~^l'J"™""il'", *'*??
nhapps- made of fancv colored bro- i* -. • ' ' *iviu t ciuiig •. ... - ISON WAX — For,keeplng.Catlron,s--.
cided sateen, very handsome in looks. I. BUStCr HrOWtt CollaTS » • p ,°r Pace Protector* and MUllnery Purpoie^—Made smooth and preventing: 'them 'JTetrtng \
but strone In wear Princess hln I' **w- fc -+*. i«.vuu«i» • Qf a n s uk chiffon; the French make; full 18 Inches rusty. Comes In a cloth sack. -with." •
circular cut The waist line curies i' Are still the rage. Here is one very chic. Within wide; In silk embroidered dots, rings and leaves: f • handle attached! to.ipreveat the. h»ndsi* •
in sharply at the back supporting ' tne' reach of everybody. Made of extra fine butcher i n brown. «na\'y. black -and white, in self and colored r from being burned. .3 for. . .,. _ . ,Sc r
tho snine in the correct Dosltion \ Hnen. hand embroidered; in. wheat designs and fln- dots. Here's where we lose — 35c and 50c quality. V .. aaoA Hirapraq i* '«. low Br <n'i ' ' !
Makes a too prominent abdome^ dtt , \ ls , h « d ln Pr Vr rP<?ntine de " lgn -'.- W^ a " CXtra *??-* "° W ' •' A yard 15c V ™8"' SSJSSHAed 'wSS'i^S^ *
appear naturally and permanently. ! • e( *& e - * rice — <C c T ... « f\ «i« _ - ,• |\ *nd heavy/ straight artd crinkled*. %¦**
Gives the effect of a full hip to a V\ • TktKKftnc fni* Thic Fs.ll l fti.A«T n i. Tlmn P«nw jCaTIS, IIQICS ana DOIlieS k full slxed .. packages \ti.' a i caWn*tw t.
thin woman. In pink and blue. Fit- \ KIDDOnS IOriniS rail Prettier man EVer We have just wcoived some new 'designs In ' ! Price, a cabinet ..-.,....-. - t Sc ; r
tPd and warranted. Price 81 .5O I Here aro some very rich In: quality and colorings, them. Economical women will flnd the prices 1 ; will (1 ' ~- .
. f The prices .will be more than agreeable to you. please them. ¦ . ¦ -- • • .¦ <• - A1Tr . ttath-\ «^* a » w^jLa
HMF HHTTP CA?F \ Made of extra_heavy all-silk taffeta, rich luster, with DOY1T OS TIDY— Made with a linen center: (iNn-fltlUR N'Al fc -
UlNE"-iiUvl\. JALL . Y a hand embroidered silk dot. such as pink with, blue finished around the edge with seven hand-made . VTA11-* XXVJ \J L\ ±3*\X^1^
«»»» n «.., ,««,«»««» ' V do ,. t , s ' Dr ?^' n . g re en dotis, blue with green dots, teneriffe wheels. Price .,-lOc FBOM 10 TUJCHIO'CXOCK. * %-
IKSSSi™^-, 100^ 0^ h of^loSo^lTi^.^^^l^^^^i Hand-Made BATTENBEBO TIDY-12 inches j. A D X „ S'-HOSX- QSRSRea-
Sg^JW^ 9 ' 3 yards of ALL- U or coior.,. uur price -uc square, in real hand-made Battenberg lace; many f5 Made of French thread.' B&aJ^B "•
>^^R^ ? I3 t K 11^ 1 , 0 ?', 27 • 0 All nf Oirr N<-w Fall T 7i/»/-c Htivo Arriv^A patterns to choose from. Price -«'« h In the. openwork lace .&288^E*wi '
er he oSS'wfftht for" fi A „ Y, AlTIVCtt SCABp oa BUEEAU BmnU ..Mad. of heavy , N effect; .Ulnle«i btacfc: •WmM;.
m y/Tn\\ milling? nrn»rkwMr C If you are making a hat or trimming a dresa white lawn. 54 Inches long and 18 inches wide: In . double heels and -toes. «f fln \»^;
i #// IV V Xot "the hour > wh y n " 1 lns p,ect these. We have many more to show openwork tambour or Irish Point effect. Price.. .25c ' ' " We.dpn't know if. the.-.y V-/ IV Al '
7/ i IL and^ote the Drlce fin C you ' You wlU flnd the price more than Phasing to ¦ i • quantity will l»»!Ulur/ r » \JL II ,
&3VW«ja5g' o ZJl,i \-^r L«iV« t « n your purac ... T get Nirthl \ FYnrC^S • A whole hour, but -*<s a-r». BS^5«58M »
fSB8Bff8g»ppgji a yard. Isone sold to \\ m luji hivaiii o laui cjj -..••• . r>r>«it<v« that von wni >KS3sSE3Sa
xtSRtiiWEBBniM . * - 1 POTTffT n'AVTttwiiiT An n-avmnvr -r * rt-^i \ posiilvo mai you Will 'WB>iwa A
Nothing More Comiorlable \ X S^Sf?^ -^
For house wear than an EIDERDOWN v t POIKT DE GAUZE INSERTION — Made on ex- terns, with two rows of openwork beading for run- • . : .
SACQUE. Why not have one for the C tra filie n et. art inch and a half wide; in dot and .berry nine ribbon throusrh: buttonhole edge, - the good ' -. f nH?PC ' '
cold weather? You will flnd the Price designs; in white or Arabian. Price A yard lGc washing kind. Price 27c < *-uuica ,. > , A |J*3
Cutter is never undersold for quality. ' ( f^\ -•-:¦'¦ R W« Are Beady Tor Top 'Tor th»
Made of all-wool extra heavy ripple V I jBJff _•—^_^ ¦• - ¦' JP^a—^«w »> rail or 'Winter UnuERw hj^tsl. Sara
cloth, deep sailor collar, all-silk satin \ v^^r ¦ \^^^R^*?^y 2tiW' l 'v'ifl '* Some, tho Celebrated *tf srod» "»*»,
All of o-ar PALL WHJIPPEB.S, and > Ht&Z&kwJ&fi sf^'^iMsi I /ffi/$ili'& :^0&*t/%%^ ' ! ' LADIES* TIOHTS-^-Made of 3»a
black. Many lower priced ones mad>. Ri VlHl TLJr EB ' m\\rsy%&fua&f<£&2ffi® \njiSrB2M£S&3nd\ uf crocheted beadinp with silk wash
but nothing to equal these for.. $1.25 '"(A Tl lnt /^1 g O^^^aSSS^^^^SIt '^m^^frj^^rfT^JadOf^^^^S^r^^ If braid run through. Th« pateat Bleev* .
S?in Frsnci^co Women ¦ ' /il y/C%«..._ ss MtKBS9lXS!t^^^^SjS^ liHw^yi w/fffi Si h¥r3f&lfis?i /$$%$& •* Ai or un<^ prw< * ar f r °rn beinp soiled^ hi •
that the Price Cutter'* i« the Btore Js . 19 V^^ n W^^tW^^^^MfE InWrL // I \\\l WSSlMl /jfiftmUV * Some More Ol TflOSC Shields
Hore is one of our new fall ones; 4* -- i BaSfWz/Tfl (nwvi \ * '¦ - *" " Jj^&ul\vu tiviilj J/ffi%f0x * 1 ' jrtS^Hl IIIJill/ \Jc> Ar<> Hr^rlniTrtrtrr^ fnr
madfl of fast black mercerized sateen. ; rfJEffiMfflUlW* ' ' jfffiM>\1 'Mi tlllW fWr/W rfTtf ifk 6 ilCaaqUOTlCri ,4Or - .
12-inch nounce. trimmed with nv« ••- i ' i^^Hnf ' '' "ffiittlw? PmM l iw&s^ilmiilil ¦ ••-'• Children's Undcrwczir
lfr'ms'kcldns. Generously madias ' • ' /fffllllflRk. Ua/v : Jnit Secelved a Toll Shipment of
nil of our goods are, but economical . „.. r/nlift \\t\^\ 'ill /)//// /jtftl • J • MB/jJial ' § Oaod Warm Kind Tor Hie Wla-
* O lUVflllllj , .' fabric, medium weight, high neck and
Or peoDle who cannot stand the pres- t\ • #x ' v> • «-«? * *-^ ' *+ m long sleeves. Pants or drawers to
Down in . Our • Bargain Store at Our Rummage Sale
1 .^1ffSIr^l d . e .t O e f el. l Tn P S I iS ™^°^ XJ SSi' S^SZ°'o^SS^l CHIL DR B W 'S KKITTUD WAISTS £ «^SZtfSSfSSl
ir^iuf^i^^ .™«t aRta-o. 1 " 1 ? 1 W^B^MmM^
the natural beauty of tho figure and leather, hard enamel buckles. . .»« === colors lc ankle length: kid fitting and non-irfi- ¦ u
with regard to the most approved CHILDREN'S BLACK SILK GLOVES ENGLISH THREAD LACE In the tatlng; in gray or ecru. Prtce.'vrr" : *
rules of health. Demonstrators in at- Pair ic • . ,-_ -^ -^ -^ mm _ _ __ __ -^ real patterns, from 1 to "3 inches A garment 5Oc
tendnnc-e to Wl you what is the most TAPE MEASUBES, 60 in. long; num- I BB T Dll VL MDC O H wlde - A >' ard 3c » j t=i l t. i. r» ••- t -- •
suitable for your npure. In gray or b ers on both sides, apiece l t . I fe, h I § al S" 1^ h T K II EMBEOIDEBY REMNANTS— % to 3 Lady FlflShenbUSh Comb ,
black. iTice »1.UU WHITE SKIRT BUCKING*, 7 inches . | Q | CT ¦ > Wfca I1I#Im3! V yards long, the good wearing kind; Tie COMB of tlxe Hour. Which AH*
Neck Chain wide< lace bottom - >' artl I 4c yUlL _,._ -.r,,^,- «,, TTr . o ponie Kli S htl >" soiled. A remnant. of th8 pari.iaa women Are Wearlnr
That w.ii .dj b T ., ,» M:n&- %#J&g^l™wm& ... u . , Z .?.,?", ™™l™££Zi?iZ;v SS riSS &tr&£'£g«fi&iZ';
s&tss '^$gs& as *"ekse" "s-iSa? 1^ 8I6 Harket st " ° Farrel1 ft ss n sraunffia. w «Su i -s!a i ssssessi ™°.'<™ .* tr ,s ,
Price Cutters JuC LADIES' SHELL BACK COMBS. .Ue MAIL OEDEES SOLICITED. Price...: i»Oc head. Price 25c '••OAKLAND. Oct. 8. — The Pacific
Coast Actors' Union will present the
well-known labor play, "A Man of the
People," at. Dietz Opera-house next
Tuesday, evening, under the auspices
of Alameda Local No. 55, of the Laun
dry Workers" Union. This well-known
play teaches a great lesson in regard
to the labor conditions of the present
day.
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.— Marriage li
censes were issued to-day to the fol
lowing persons: Joseph B. Prowse,
21, and Lulu M. Ubhoff, 18, both of
Haywards; Manuel Vierra, 21,. and
Mary de Ponta, 18, both of Oakland;
Gustav Thaler,- over 21, of Oakland,
and Gertrude Bauer, over 18, of San
Francisco; Charles H. Hughson, 31, of
Sanger, and Martha Scott, 25, of Owy
hee, Ore.; Charles P. fuller, 23, and
Demenico Rattl, 20, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
BERKELEY, Oct. 8. — Funeral serv
ices for the late Albert Carlisle, the
prominent manufacturing stationer of
San Francisco, who passed away sud
denly Thursday evening at his home
here, 2327 Vine street, were- held this
afternoon, the Rev. F. L. Hosmer of
the Unitarian Church officiating. The
remains were incinerated at the Oak
land Crematory.
Carlisle was a native of Maryland,
aged 50 years. He is survived by a
wife and six children, Burlington. Al
bert. Alexander, Alma and Helen Carl
isle and Mrs. Samuel Van Ornum.
FUNERAL SERVICES HELD
FOR ALBERT CARLISLE
Saturday afternoon — Devotional
services. Mrs. Anna Irwin leader,
Centennial Presbyterian Church,
Frultvale; five-minute addresses by
leaders of circles; solo; consecratlonal
service and installation of officers
and executive committee; adjourn
ment. ¦ . ' . .
Friday afternoon — Devotional ser
vices, Mrs. Harrie Gilson leader. First
Presbyterian Church, Oakland; report
'of credentials committee, Miss Fortin
chairman; music, songs by Chinese
girls of the Methodist- Mission, San
Francisco; reports of circles: in
memoriam; quartet of young ladies
from the Inasmuch Circle of the
Tenth-avenue Baptist Church: song;
Friday evening — Praise service;
prayer. Rev. Dwight E. Potter; solo.
Miss'Corinne Reah; music, songs by
Chinese girls of the Presbyterian Mis
sion. San Francisco; address, Dr. E.
R. Dille. First M. E. Church, Oakland;
solo. Miss Gertrude Halsey; address.
Rev. Dwight E. Potter, Union-street
Presbyterian Church, Oakland; song;
benediction. Rev. M. Slaughter, Cal
vary- Baptist Church, Oakland.
Saturday morning — Devotional ser
vices, Miss Ida May< Egli leader, First
Baptist' Church, Oakland; minutes of
Friday; unfinished. business; solo. Miss
J. Geeki; election of officers and ex
ecutive committee; music.
-Friday mornlng-<— Devotional ser
vice, Mrs. Robinson leader. Simpson
Memorial M. E. Church, San Fran
cisco; address of welcome. A'rs. M.
Brown; response, Mr?. J. 1 G. Clark of
San Francisco; duet, Misaes Mabel and
Hazel Roberts; Oakland's greeting.
Miss Janet Haight. First Presbyterian
Church, Oakland; convention called to
order by the State secretary, Mr?. M.
Brown; reports of State ofti^rs (a
letter from Mrs. Margaret Bottome,
the president of the order, will be
read); announcements.
OAKLAND, Oct. 8. — Next Friday
and-Saturday the eighth annual State
convention of the International Order
of the King's Daughters and Sons
will be held in Calvary Baptist
Church, West and Twelfth streets.
Following is the programme for tho
convention:
International Order to Hold Its
Eighth Annual State Session In
Oakland.
KINGS DAUGHTERS AND
SONS WILL CONVENE
Dr. Mehrmann has been a resident
o." Oakland for the past thirty-five
years. He leaves a wife and two sons,
Dr. H. B. Mehrmann and Frederick
Mehrmann. The remains were in
terred in the family plat In Mountain
View Cemetery.
OAKLAND, Oct. 8. — The funeral of
Dr. John D. Mehrmann, father of Dr.
If. B. Mehrmann, Corner of Alameda
County, who died very suddenly on
Thursday, was held this morning from
the late residence of the deceased, 532
Isabella street. The services were
conducted by the Rev. William Car
son Shaw, rector of the Church of the
Advent in East Oakland. The pall
bearers were: Attorney Abe P. Leach,
H. W. Pulcifer. Dr. C. E. Curdts, Dr.
G. G. Reinle, Judge J. G r Quinn and
Judge Mortimer Smith.
FRIENDS PAY LAST RESPECTS
TO MEMORY OP DR. MEHRMANN
Statement of Clearing-House Banks.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8. — The state
ment of averages of the clearing-house
banks of this city for the week shows:
Loans $1,145,989,200, increase $2,955,
300; deposits $1,203,276,000. decrease
$7,521,100; circulation $41,791,000. in
crease $1,215,000; legal tenders $76.
452,400. decrease $2,293,200; specie
$237,600,000. decrease $6,863,600; re
serve $313,955,900. decrease $9,156,
800; reserve required $301,319,000, de
crease $1,880,275: surplus $12,636,900,
decrease $7,276,525; ex-United States
deposits $18,441,525, decrease $7,287,
500.
During his stay in Oakland Mr.
Crowley was entertained by Mr. and
Mrs. Elliott Barrington Davis, who
will accompany him on the remainder
of his American tour.
OAKLAND, Oct. 8. — A distinguished
young Irishman, Michael O'Keeffe
Crowley, B. A.. A. C. A., has been the
guest of friends in Oakland and San
Francisco for the past few weeks. He
is a scion of an old County Cork fami
ly, being cousin to the noted beauty
and society leader, the Countess of
Limerick, and seems to have inherited
much of the family good looks, as he
is not only clever, but handsome.
Though still on the sunny side of 25
Mr. Crowley has acquired the right to
decorate his calling card with a string
or honorable titles, being a Bachelor
of Arts, a Bachelor of Law of the
Royal University of Ireland and an As
sociate of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants. He was primarily called
to this country by important legal
business and, combining pleasure with
business, is making a tour of America
before returning to his home in Kil
llney, a beautiful sea coast town near
Dublin.
Cousin of the Noted Beauty, the
Countess of Limerick, Pays
Visit to Friends.
DISTINGUISHED IRISHMAN
LIBERALLY ENTERTAINED
ROME, Oct. 8.— As the Pope wished
to see Archbishop Agius, the apostolic
delegate to the Philippines, again be
fore his departure for the Philippines,
the pontiff received him to-day in
private audience and gave the delegate
his last instructions and recommenda
tions concerning the pending Catholic
questions which are to be settled at
Manila.
After the private audience Arch
blshcp Agius. accompanied by his sec
retary. Monslgnor Petrelll, presented to
the Pope six Filipino youths who are
studying for the priesthood in Rome.
The pontiff spoke to each of them, ex
pressing his pleasure at hearing that
they are satisfied to live in Rome and
at the progress they had made in their
careers.
The Archbishop also introduced the
vicar general of the diocese of Cebu,
who presented the Pope with the
Peter's pence of the diocese and some
beautiful Jewels intended to ornament
the statue of the Virgin, which Is to
be crowned in St. Peter's on the occa
sion of the jubilee of the immaculate
conception. The Pope thanked the
vicar general warmly and inquired
about 4 the Right Rev. Thomas A. Hen
dricks, Bishc-p of Cebu, and presented
all the visitors with' silver and gold
medals bearing his effigy.
Afterward Archbishop Agius confer
red lengthily with Cardinal Merry del
Val, the papal Secretary of State. Sum
ming up his impressions, the Arch
bishop said:
"I leave Rome full of confidence in
the success of my arduous work, trust
ing in the co-operation and assistance
of all the American authorities In the
Philippines and having constantly in
view my motto — 'peace.' "
BEAU MISTAKEN FOR BURGLAR
IS BEATEN AND IMPRISONED.
Tlionvald Anderson Finds That the
Path of True Love Is Any
thing but Smooth.
OAKLAND, Oct. 8. — Happy in the
society of his lady love. Thorwald An
derson, a young man hailing from
Denmark, failed to note the passage
of time last night, and as a result
was surprised by R. H. Gray, in whose
home .it 1427 Eighth avenue his
sweetheart Is employed as a domestic.
Anderson was mistaken for a burglar
and beaten into submission fcy the
irate master of the house and dragged
to prison.
Mr. Gray had taken his family to
the theater and on returning surprised
the lovers in the kitchen. The young
lady in the case hastily fled, leaving
her luckless swain to find his way out
of the house alone. In trying to lo
cate the door Anderson stumbled
against a chair and was seized by
Gray.
Fifth Regiment Band.
OAKLAND. Oct. 8. — If Colonel
John Hayes can accomplish his pur
pose the old Fifth Regiment band of
this city will again become the musi
cal organization of the command the
name of which it bears. At present
the band of the Fifth Regiment is
stationed at San Rafael, but as the
musicians failed to turn out for en
campment at Atascadero It is planned
to dismiss them from the National
Guard service. Major McBain, for
merly leader of the # Fifth Regiment
band, is working to have the local
organization again taken into the ser
vice of the National Guard.
Bnnk Elects Officials.
OAKLAND. Oct. 8. — H. C. Capwell.
president of the Oakland Board of
Trade, was elected president of the
Security Bank and Trust Company at
its annual meeting this week. The
following were re-elected as members
of the board of directors: T. W. Cor
der, A. D. Wilson, H. C. Capwell. C.
J. Heeseman. C. E. Snook. Theodore
Gier. Dr. Hayward. G. Thomas. W. F.
Burbank. E. P. Vandercook, W. H.
L. Hynes. R. T. Harding. A. D. Wil
son was chosen vice president, Charles
A. Smith cashier and R. S. Knight as
sistant cashier.
BERLIN. Oct. 8.— Militarism seems
likely to be execrated more than ever
In this country as the result of the un
commonly deadly maneuvers which re
cently came to an end. Public indig
nation is keen over the amazing num
ber of fatalities and accidents which
have marked the mimic battles— a num
ber, as has been said, not far short
of what might have been expected had
the strife been real.
These mishaps, the real total of
which was not given In the first re
ports, were particularly numerous in
those brilliant cavalry charges which
the Kaiser delights to witness, but
which would be Impossible In real war
fare. In one of them over fifty men
were unhorsed and more or less badly
hurt. In another, where the opposing
cavalry forces were brought Into close
contact, a trooper ran his lance clear
through a hussar, killing: him on the
spot. Another lancer -wounded an op
posing hussar in the leg. injuring him
so seriously that the member had to be
amputated. During a cavalry charge
at Schoenhausen two officers and twen
ty men were unhorsed and Injured,
some fatally. In another sham fight In
the same district the results were still
more disastrous, forty-eight men being
tumbled out of their saddles and sev
eral of them were killed.
In other branches of the service so
called accidents were far less numer
ous, but there -were enough of them
to show that sham fighting as conduct
ed by the Kaiser is by no means all
"make believe." A private of the Nine
ty-ninth Infantry Regiment -was shot
dead. In the Kaiser's own regiment of
the Guard3 a private was shot in the
eye and permanently blinded. At Mu
bleneischen during an artillery contest
a private attached to one of the field
batteries had both his legs blown off.
An officer was severely injured by the
explosion of a military balloon, and a
similar explosion cost a corporal his
life. In an infantry attack a sergeant
was killed and a lancer pierced a dra
goon, fatally wounding him.
In America or England such a Ions
list of killed and wounded resulting
from what are supposed to be blood
less engagements would arouse a storm
of popular indignation that could.be
abated only by an investigation and
the punishment of those responsible
for the blunders. But In Germany that
is impossible. It could not be done
without involving the Emperor him
self and open criticism of his sacred
person is "lese majeste" of the worst
kind.
Another source of dissatisfaction with
these maneuvers, and which greatly
impairs their military value, is the fact
that the Kaiser always insists on being
on the winning side. The umpires' de
cisions are governed by the necessity
of paying tribute to his Infallibility.
On the first day of the maneuvers he
assumed the command of the red. or
Invading army, and was credited with
winning a brilliant victory over the
luckless blue, or defending army. Next
day he gave a demonstration of his
Napoleonic genius by changing sides
and leading the blues, with the result,
according to the complaisant head
quarters staff, that the reds were
soundly thrashed.
In previous years this great war
lord, who has never .been under flre.
has won similar triumphs over vet
erans who went through the Franco-
Prussian war. Sub rosa. many of them
declare that the Kaiser plays the war
game like an amateur, that he really
has very little knowledge of strategy
and that in actual battle several of
the armies with which he Is credited
on paper with winning brilliant vic
tories Avould have suffered crushing de
feats. They say that In maneuvering
an army he makes no adequate alfow
ance for what the ether side might do
'f well led and that, as the umpires
similarly ignore such considerations
and always award him the fight, he
has never discovered how much he
has yet to learn to make a capable
leader. Nor will he, unless In an evil
day for Germany he should undertake
to lead a German army against an
actual foe commanded by a man who
understands his business.
Frank Havens Goes East.
OAKLAND, Oct. S.— Frank C. Ha
vens, general manager of the Realty
Syndicate, left for the East this even
ing. Mr. Havens will be away for
about a month. While in the East
he may contract for the construction
of a number of cars of the same pat
tern as those now in use on the Tele
graph and Fourth avenue lines of the
Oakland Traction Company.
The only lady admiral in the worFd
is the Queen of the Hellenes. She Is
passionately fond of the sea and for
that reason the late Czar Alexander III
made her an admiral in the Russian
navy instead of appointing her to the
honorary colonelcy of a regiment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Oct. 8.
In a fit of boyish despondency Vin
cent Lerri, a youth twenty years of
age, residing at 368 Fourth street, made
two determined efforts to end his life
this evening, both of which were frus
trated by his brother. The last attempt
came near being successful, and it re
quired an hour's work by Dr. Emerson
before the young man was declared
out of danger.
Young- Lerri, who Is son of the late
Joseph Lerri, a deputy sheriff who was
killed in the blowing up of the fuse
works at Melrose several years ago,
secured a bottle of strychnine at Os
good Brothers' drug store early this
evening, and, returning home, mixed
some of It in a glass and was about
to drink it when his brother took the
poison from him and broke the bottle.
A few moments later tne young man
procured another bottle of poison. This
time he did not return home. He stop
ped at a water trough and putting
seme, water with the poison drank of
the mixture- His brother, suspecting
his intention, had followed him from
the house and on reaching him knock
ed the bottle from his hand. The would
be suicide was hurried nome and Dr.
Emerson called, and after an hour of
work declared the patient out of dan
ger.
When the bottle of poison was struck
from young Lerri's hand it fell Into the
v\ater trough. A few minutes after
ward a dog drank of the water and
v. as poisoned.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 8.
County Clerk Cook to-day received
from E. B. Helfenstein. State secretary
of the Socialist party In California, a
fonr.al protest against the placing of
names of Democratic nominees for the
Assembly in the Forty-seventh, Forty
ninth, Fiftieth and Fifty-first Assem
bly districts on the ticket at the coming
election.
The Socialist protest is based on the
allegation that the Democratic nomi
nees for those four offices failed to re
ceive 3 per cent of the total vote at the
last election. The law preventing the
placing of party candidates on a. ticket
when such party failed to poll 3 per
cent of the vote at the preceding elec
tion is cited as a reason why the Coun
ty Clerk should now refrain from put
ting the nominees in the Assembly dis
tricts referred to on the ticket.
Clerk Cook will ignore the protest. He
explains that the reason why the Dem
ocratic nominees in the Assembly dis
tricts failed to receive 3 per cent of the
vote cast two years ago was because
the Democrats fused with the Labor
party so far as these nominations were
concerned, and, of course, no votes
were cast there for any Democratic
candidate for the Assembly.
The Democratic candidates whom
Clerk Cook says he will place on the
ticket are as follows: Forty-seventh
District, J. N. Joseph; Forty-ninth,
John Shay: Fiftieth. P. J. Ryan; Fifty
first, R. Slaughter. The Republican
candidates in the same districts are E.
K. Strowbridge, J. J. Burke, J. A. Bliss
and R. H. E. Espey.
FORMALLY OPENS CAMPAIGN.
ITALIAN ROBBER
SHOT BY PALS
Supposed Member of Lawless
Gang Is Found Dying by
Xew York Peace Officers
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— An Italian
picked up by the police on the East
Side is dead at a hospital from a pistol
shot through the body. He was par
tially identified as one of the gang who
shot a countryman to death and mor
tally wounded two others in attempting
to rob them near Brewster, N. Y., late
Thursday night.
The robbers descended upon a cabin
filled with men employed on the New
York City reservoir work, and fled after
the shooting, having secured $600.
The man who died here is believed
to have been wounded in a quarrel over
a division of the spoils. He was crawl
ing along the street when found.
COURT SOOX TO RULE ON*
PHASE OF WATER SUIT
Congressman LJvernash .Makes an Ad
dress at Carmen's Headquarters.
Congressman E. J. Livernash spoke
last evening at the first formal meet
ing of his campaign. The meeting,
•which was well attended, was held at
Carmen's Hall, 310 O'Farrell street.
Michael Casey presided and Mr. Liv
ernash's argument was augmented by
Andrew Furuseth, secretary of the
Sailors* Union of the Pacific Coast,
¦who spoke at length. In addressing
the meeting Mr. Livernash said in
part:
"This being the first formal meeting
of my campaign for re-election as a
member of the House of Representa
tives, it seems becoming that I brief
ly outline what I believe my candidacy
represents.
"My candidacy means a desire to !
f tay the President from doing things j
the constitution says shall be done, if
at all, by Congress: a desire to pre
vent majorities in Congress from ig
noring or transgressing the rights of
minorities, as those rights exist by vir
ture of the essence of representative
government: a desire that the Phil
ippine problem shall be settled with
fine regard for the declaration of in
dependence, but with complete ab
sence of partisanship, as becomes a
mighty nation dealing with millions of
less fortunate fellow creatures; a de
sire for altering a number of tariff
schedules, one by one, after careful
inquiry, where the abuses practiced
by trusts have made it clear thai
change can be effected with advantage
to domestic industry in general; a de
eire for destroying some trusts and
curbing others, where operations are
against the common welfare — trusts
¦which are, while creatures of corpo
ration Jaw. creatures of the state, us
ing their power not for reasonable
purposes but to impose upon society
extravagant taxation of all consum
ers, and this for the selfish advantage
of a handful of plutocrats; a desire
for making the Government as con
siderate an employer as are those pri
vate employers who have agreed with
workmen that eight hours a day shall
tae the ordinary time of toil; a desire
for limiting the use of the writ of in
junction to its ancient purposes and
for preventing 1 it being used to
undermine human liberty; a desire for
discouraging the martial spirit so
prevalent in American life in so far as
the influence of Theodore Roosevelt
reaches, and for cultivating the amity
Washington eo urgently recommended
to the people whose greatest patriot
he will ever be; a desire for restoring
our flag to the seven seas; a desire for
crushing involuntary servitude among
our seamen; a desire for the exercise
of greater caution in the regulation of
immigration: a desire for the utmost
care in dealing with the negro prob
lem; a desire for the rapid growth of
San Francisco, in population, In man
ufactures, in commerce, in culture."
WILL MANAGE CAMPAIGN.
B. Kendrick, H. B. Davidson. John
Hellman. George W. Pennington. M.
F. Fitzpatrlck. P. Boyle, J. J. Hen
nesy, R La Grave. R. J. Welch, James
F. Kelly, F. W. Zimmermann, L. C.
Cull. Pat J. Mahoney, John A. Weston,
Fred N. Bent, Robert Gordon, Peter
Menjou,' G. Schnee, William O'Connor,
William II. Cole, II. W. Brarens, Fred
Mcincke, John Butler, James J. Ryan,
L. A. Taylor, J. J. Callahan, Joseph
McTigue. C. F. Daley, J. J. Feno. Fred
Severance, Frank J. French, E. M. Rit
ler. Joseph Nyland, A. H. Merrill. Rob
ert Strahle. W. J. Guilfoyle. F. CV.
Meyers. Fred Jantzen, J. H. Belser.
William H. Gleeson, Joseph Tuite, A.
Duffee. J. J. Hore. P. J. Gray, Fred
Ritchie. J. S. Partridge, John D. Daly,
J. T. Smith. E. J. Lynch, J. T. Dufau.
Frank Casement, Clive A. Brown.
Clifford McClellan, F. G. Huskey.
Joseph Windrow, E. F. * read well, I.
The Hayes Central Republican Club,
with headquarters at -9 Powell street
in this city, has appointed the follow
ing well-known Republicans to act as
a central executive committee of the
Hayes campaign: - ;• . ¦
Judge Hart Will Settle the Bill or
Exceptions After Two Years
of Work.
OAKLAND. Oct. 8. — Action by
Judge Hart upon the bill of excep
tions presented in the case of the
Contra Costa Water Company against
the city of Oakland is to be taken
next Monday, after nearly two year*
of work. The court has had the ex
ceptions under advisement for several
months.
Judge Hart fixed the value of the
water plant at $7,000,000. Counsel for
the city, which rejects this valuation
as excessive, will move for a new trial
as soon as the bill of exceptions is
di?po«ed of. Should Judge Hart re
fuse to grant a new trial, the Supreme
Court will be asked to reverse his
ruling.
J. Truiran, Robert Husband. F. L.
Turpin, A. M. McPherson, Dr. T. I.
Janes, Harry N. Hall," Ralph Hathorn,
Percy Beamish, George E. Darling,
George I* Carter, E. J. Smith, Charles
H. J. Truman. H. N. Beatty. F. W.
Burnett, Morris Levy, Charles Burke,
M. V. B. Taylor, Z. T. Barber, Charles
H. Mayer. H. J. Alexander, J. J. Fee
ley, Frank Stevens, Eugene Pfaeffle,
Charles W. Baker, H. W. Fraser, John
J. Greif, George McComb, John Ton
ningsen, Adam Beck. T. J. Murphy,
/ohn D. Heise, S. J. Daly, John Kelle
her. James McCarthy, Albert H. Menne,
Louis Bernstein, Charles H. Thomp
son. A. G. Fisk, John W. Rogers, Sol
Bloom, C. B. Perkins, Hon. George H.
Bahrs. Robert W. Dennis, W. J.
Youngr. D. C. B. McCarty, Henry
Newburg, Vernon Upton, E. S. Salomon,
W. A. Abbott, Rolla V. Watt, E. W.
Stange. J. R. McGufflck, F. C. Boeck
man, George H. Pippy, Charles Box
ton, George D. Clark, Dan T. Cole,
Tom Gallagher, J. J. Groom, John
, Green, Richard D. Faulkner, George W.
Schell, James L. Gallagher, George H.
1 S. Dryden, Hon. E. I. Wolfe, Harry
Piper, Louis Welntraub, T. H." Demp
sey, s. H. Beckett, Arthur Currie, Myr
tlle Cerf. Max Goldberg, Dr. J. I.
Stevens, Frank Grimes, C. C. Mos
ris, P. A. Bergerot, George M. Lipman,
William Loewl, Jacob Gans, Dr. A. D.
McLean, Dr. Ira B. Dal z lei, John T.
Nourse, Edgar D. Peixotto, Isidor
Golden, D. W. Burchard. Jesse Mayer,
F. A. Maestretti, J. B. Sykes, Fairfax
; Wheelan, J. R. McElroy, Arnold W.
Liechtl. George W. .Turner,- W. W.
Allen, Edward Ewald, R. G. Country
man. J. B. Whitney, J. M. Wilkins, J.
F. McGlynn, Tom E. Atkinson, Samuel
Hendy, J. R. Aitken, Nathan Frank,
Augustus Tilden. Charles Leonhardt,
George R. Fletcher, John Lawson.
Charles M. Shortridge and . E. R.
Pease.
Mary Ingalls, a bride for one day
only, who was deserted by her husband
a few hours after the wedding cere
mony had been performed, to-day filed
suit for divorce from Walter C. Ingalls,
alleging desertion.
Ingalls is a conductor employed by
the Southern Pacific Company. Hi^
wife was 17 years old at the time of her
marriage, in June of this year. She re-
Eided at the home of her mother, Kath
leen O'Donnell, at 811 Wood street, in
West Oakland.
Ingalls married Mary O'Donnell to
escape prosecution o~n a serious charge
and deserted her almost immediately.
She returned to her mother's home,
where she has remained'since.
Florence Belle Porter, known for a
long time as "the only female barber
in Oakland," was granted an interlocu
tory decree of divorce to-day by Judge
Ogden. She alleged cruelty as cause
for divorce.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 8.
The resolutions were signed by all
the members of the escort committee.
On receiving them Sir Knight Edwards
made a suitable reply expressing his
appreciation of the honor shown him
by his fraters. - "
During the course of the evening
Colonel Edwards responded to a toast
for the official escort and Captain Gains
for Oakland Commandery. Other toasts
were responded to by^Major Toohey,
Senator Ralston, Major Filmer, Cap
tain Woodslde, Lieutenant de Lamar,
Lieutenants Martins. Crossman and
Browne, and George S. Fodera.
The gathering was one of the. mer
riest ever assembled under one roof in
this city. As the visitors from across
the bay were obliged either to catch
the last boat, or stay in the city over
night it broke up earlier than is cus
tomary at affairs of this. kind. "/On
their way to the ferry the members of
Oakland Commandery, with the treas
ured flag, w'ere escorted down Market
street by a delegation from -Golden
Gate Commandery. At the ferry depot
they parted with mutual congratula
tions, all carrying home memories of a
pleasant evening.
ESCORTED TO FERRY.
"Resolved, That a copy of these res
olutions be suitably engrossed and pre
sented to our loved f rater, the sub
ject of these resolutions."
"Resolved, That through their offi
cers the conclave escort, consisting of
Sir Knights from Oakland Command
ery No. 11 and Golden Gate No. 16,
do hereby express their utmost appre
ciation, confidence, love and esteem
toward the same Sir William Edwards,
past commander of Golden Gate Com
mandery No. 16, Knights Templar.
And be it further
"Whereas, Eminent Sir William Ed
wards, past commander of Golden Gate
Commandery No. 16, was chairman of
the escort committee of the Twenty
ninth annual conclave of the Knights
Templar and was in full charge and
control of the escort parties acting
under his orders and acting under au
thority of the Grand Commandery of
the Knights Templar; and
"Whereas. Through the foresight and
untiring efforts on the part of said Sir
William Edwards, the reception and es
corting of our arriving Sir Knights to
this conclave were made a conspicuous
and brilliant feature of the general hos
pitality to our visiting fraters, which
contributed in a marked degree to the
signal success of this gloribus carnival,
now, therefore, be it
WORDS OF ESTEEM.
After the presentation of the flas
toasts were appropriately responded to
by members of both 'commanderies and
the following set of resolutions, splen
didly engrossed on parchment, were
presented to Sir Knight Edwards.
The presentation of the flag to Oak
land Commandery was made by Cap
tain Trebell, who said in part: "I hope
that no sir knight will ever do anything
"by word or deed that will dull the colors
of this the flag we love. Its brilliant
colors have remained unsullied for
years; none has dared insult it without
meeting prompt and deserved punish
ment, and it is safe to say that no one
will ever do so. In presenting this to
ken to you, fraters of Oakland, we of
Golden Gate Commandery feel that we
are handing to our brothers a token
which they will appreciate. In behalf
of Golden Gate Commandery I present
you with this flag."
The speech of Captain Trebell was
greeted with rounds of applause, and
when the handclapping had died away
Captains Gains and Richards accepted
the token in behalf of Oakland Com
mandery. They expressed in glowing
terms their appreciation of the cour
tesy shown them by their fraters. Am
ple assurance was given that all mem
bers of Oakland would stand by thft
flag of the country while life lasted.
In the opinion of the speakers, the
flag, the emblem of liberty, equality
and fellowship of man to man. was the
finest thing that could possibly be pre
sented. The speakers were greeted
with rousing cheers and toasts were
drunk to the flag, the commanderies
and the speakers.
Colonel Edwards of 'Golden Gate Com
mandery presided at the festal board
and made an excellent master of cere
monies. Covers were laid for 100 and
every seat was filled. The room was
appropriately decorated for the occa
sion, the Templar colors dominating.
An excellent menu was served, and at
its close surprises were sprung on mem
bers of both commanderies. In behalf
of Golden Gate Commandery escort
Captain Trebell arose and presented to
Oakland Commandery escort a splendid
silk American flag, eight feet by four.
On its red bars are embroidered the
words, "Presented to the escort of Oak
land Commandery Xo. 11 by Golden
Gate Commandery No. 16—Twenty
ninth Triennial Conclave."
This was the first of the surprises of
the evening. The second came when
Colonel Edwards of Golden Gate Com
mandery was presented with a set of
engrossed resolutions signed jointly by
the members of Golden Gate and Oak
land commanderies.
TRIBUTE TO FLAG.
An informal banquet of the escort
committees of Golden Gate Comman
dery No. 16 and Oakland Commandery
No. 11, which acted during the recent
Knights Templar conclave, was held
in the banquet hall of the Lick House
last night. .
NEW YOORK, Oct. 8.— The Financier
says this week: The strong features of
the official statement of the New York
Associated Banks of the last week were
a further expansion of loans to a new
high record, a decrease in cash by $1,
500,000 greater than the sum which was
estimated upon the traceable move
ments of money during the week and
a reduction in the surplus reserve to
within about $3,000,000 of the lowest
point of the year. The expansion in
loans since August 27 has been $46,932,
000, the decrease in cash since August
20 was $47,049,800 and the reduction in
the surplus reserves since that date
$45,976,175, while the net decrease in de
posits during this interval has been
$4,249,500. The loans were increased last
week by $2,955,300, probably by the re
sult of commission-houses' and syndi
cate borrowings and also operations in
finance bills. The cash decreased $9,
156,800, or $1,533,400 more than the esti
mated sum. This discrepancy may be
accounted for by large indirect trans
fers of excess internal revenue collec
tions for interior depositories on the
last day of the bank week, and atso by
the bringing over of the difference be
tween the estimated and the actual loss
of cash in the Drevious week. The de
posits were decreased by $7,521,100, a
larger weekly contraction than has
been shown during the year. The re
sulting decrease in required reserve was
$1,880,275, deducting which sum from
the loss of cash left $7,276,525 as the re
duction in the surplus- reserve to $12,
636,900. Computed upon the basis of
deposits, less those of $23,218,500 public
funds, the surplus is $18,441,525; at the
corresponding date last year the sur
plus calculated upon general deposits
was $16,577,125, and in 1902 it was $1,527,
850. The statement failed to prove, the
sum of the loss of cash less the gain in
loans calling for a reduction in deposits
of $6,201,500, or $1.3i9,600 smaller than
was shown by the return. There was
an increase of $1,215,000 in circulation,
chiefly by the large commercial banks.
The daily average of clearings during
the week was $285,000,000, or $60,000,000
more than in the previous week. The
clearings on Saturday, reflecting Fri
day's business, were $292,889,447. or
much above the average. Comparing
changes in loans, five banks increased
this item by $1,000,000 net, four banks
lost $8,000,000 cash and one institution
decreased this item by nearly $9,000,000.
Set of Resolutions Is Given
Col. Edwards, Chairman
of the Escort Committee
Umpires at Maneuvers Must
Decide in Emperor-s Favor
in Spite of His Blunders
Reduction During Week Is
Within Three Millions of
Lowest Point in* the Year
Formal Protest Against
Placing Legislative Nomi
nees' Names on Ticket
Coveted Order of Judge Is
Obtained by a Woman
Barber — Cruelty Alleged
Six Native Youths Studying
for the Priesthood Are Pre
sented to the Pontiff
FILIPINOS IN ROME
When One Vial of Poison
Is Taken From the Boy
He at Once Buys Another
FILE THEIR OBJECTION
MARY INGALLS' STORY
TRIBUTE TO OFFICERS
SURPLUS IS S3IALLER
]S SAVED BY BROTHER
HIS FARCICAL DISPLAY
Pope Receives Archbishop
Agius on Eve of His De
parture for Philippines
Sir Knights of Oakland Are
Presented With Token
by a Local Commandery
Indignation in Germany at
Ghastly Result of the
¦ Kaiser's "Bloodless" Game
Socialists Would Spoil the
Ambitions of Four of the
Candidates for Assembly
According to New York Asso
ciated Bank Statement Ex
pansion Reaches New Mark
Wife Deserted at Altar
Asks Court to Grant Her
ii Decree of Separation
Vincent Lerri 3Iakes Two
Efforts to
Bring His Life to a Close
SEEK TO FORCE
DEMOCRATS OUT
LOANS INCREASE
$46,932,000
BRIDE OF DAY
SEEKS DIVORCE
SILKEN FLAG
FOR TEMPLARS
YOUTH TWICE
SEEKS DEATH
GIVES DELEGATE
INSTRUCTIONS
TOO MANY DIE
IN MIMIC WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.— The rainfall in
Oakland for the last twenty-four
hours was .14 of an inch, making ja
total for the present season of 5^1
inches. At this time last' year there
had been no rain at all.
.Record for Early Rain.
OAKLAND. Oct. 8.— H. Schellhaas.
a well-known merchant of this city,
who has been seriously ill for some
time, is now out of danger and well on
the road to recovery.
Contest for Engineer.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 8.— Frank K. Mll
llngton and Thomas R. Hanson, both
members of Thompson Hose Company
No. 1 of the volunteer fire department,
are candidates for district engineer
of the first, fire district. Mlllington
now occupies the position and claims
he has votes enough to be re-elected
Thursday night, when the' Board of
Firemen and Engineers will hold its
annual election.
"A Man of the People."
34
P Because there can be found
iedmont* A congen i a i neighborhood,
I Artistic homes,
• Grand panoramic view of ocean,
ITflrfiv harbor and mountai ns.
*f^y Delightful climate,
Drawing , Quick transportation by the Key
rtnj S3 minutes to San Franclvo.
..* * . Many San Francisco business
O- men are buying homes in this
most beautiful suburb of Oak-
Nland.
1CC THE REALTY SYNDI-
TCATE, 14 Sansome street. Oak-
. land office 1212 Broadway.Insolvent Berry Grower.
Charles E. Burks, carpenter and
berry grower, Pajaro, filed a petition
In insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. His liabilities
are $10,lll-and his assets '$11,169, of
•which $10,000 represents his valuation
of his real estate. . ..".:C. i
Hmbassador Choate is regarded as
the wittiest and most brilliant conver-
F.itionist among the diplomats in Lon
don.
In the days before John Alexander
Dowie blossomed out as Elijah Third
and before he dreamed his dream of
Zion, as a community in which he
should be the sole property-owner, he
was doing missionary work in Cali
fornia. This was in 18S8 and at that
eftrly period he showed an aptitude for
thfr use of the money of others. He
left a debt here amounting to $2727 36,
on which ho later paid $962 46. but
no more. Pressed for payment on his
way to Australia last January he said
that he did not deem the debt a moral
or legal obligation. Thereupon he was
sued by Hugh Craig, who had been
Elijah's raven in the time of heed.
The trial of the case began yester
day morning in Judge Murasky's court
and will continue to-morrow. Dowie
was not present. Craig told something
or his relations with the prophet and
hraler. The Oakland capitalist said
that he owed a debt of gratitude to
Dcwie, which, however, was not an
offset to the financial claim. When
Dowie was here he spent much of his
time at the Craig home and by the
laying on of hands had cured Craig's
daughter of a painful shoulder trouble
and relieved Mrs. Craig of a serious
throat affection.
Dowie had known Craig's father in
Sydney, Australia, and when he came
here in 1SS8 he brought a letter of
introduction from the elder Craig.
Dcwie began holding mission meet
ings and Craig took an interest in them.
The flfth meeting was to be held at
the Grand Opera-house, but the
prophet was without funds and Craig
agreed to finance the undertaking. The
mission was not a financial success and
Craig frequently asked Dowie for pay
ment. Dowie, who was spending from
one to three weeks at a time at Craig's
home, said he had no money but ex
pected remittances from Australia.
These never came. The religious man
remarked that it embarrassed him and
hurt his •work to be reminded of his
debt and Craig desisted.
Crai^ saw the prophet several times
in Chicago, where Elijah always anti
cipated reference to his obligation by
pleading poverty. Later Dowie wrote
that he had prayed for' a blessing on
Craig and his family. Craig replied
that the prayer was all right, but it
did not pay the account and that with
al! of his claims for spiritual and su
pernatural powers, Dowie surpassed
all the men of his (Craig's) acquaint
ance In handling money that did not
belong to him. He called Dov.'ie's at
tention to the fact that he had never
made any return for all the courtesies
given him here.
"On the morning of his arrival here,
January 19 last," said Mr. Craig, "two
cf Dowie's saints called at my office
nnd left a letter. The letter said that
Dowie had talked to his counsel, V. V.
Barnes, and another, on his special
Pullman car In which they traveled
and they understood his views about
the debt. With my attorney I called
on the two representatives at the Pal
ace Hotel and told them the whole
story of the debt. They said thac it
coincided with Dowie's version, but ne
did not consider it a moral or legal
obligation, but if the Craigs were in
need he would give Mrs. Craig a pres
ent of $500.
"I told Barnes," the l witness con
tinued, "that the Craig family wasn't
exactly in need; that I had paid the
last month's bills and thought I could
scratch through another month and
unless he could pay 51764 90 he need
not pay anything and I would sue. I
wanted no contributions from the
Dowie outfit for the Craig family."
The cross-examination of Craig by
Dowie's attorney related largely to the
dates of missions conducted by Dowie
during his stay on the coast and the
p!:in of the defense was not disclosed.
Hugh Craig Tells How Eli
jah Third Refused to Repay
Loan 31ade by Capitalist
Reuben E. Jacobs, Clerk in
Office of Lievi Strauss &
Co., Placed Under Arrest
Reuben E. Jacobs, a clerk in the of
fice of Levi Strauss & Co.. 14 Battery
street. was arrested yesterday after
noon \>y Detectives Bunner and Free!
and locked up in "the tanks" at the
City Prison. A charge of felony embez
zle'reer.t will be made against him as
liioa ks the complaint is swern to lo-
r •¦>!•: cm.
.'ac :>s is 23 years of age and has
itvtn in the company's service for the
i asi six years. He became engaged to
x vocsg lid/ * n Oakland, and his desire
trf gather funds to enable him to get
nartit-d has led to his undoing:. His sal
ary was ?6G i>er month, and it is said
JhPt February last he has added
tii hii* Income to the extent of about
S^f 1 ?." Cf that amount he loaned to a
frieifd $200 at 5 per cent interest, and
•.he-'i-.Manre he deposited irom time to
thne In ih* Oakland Hank of Savings.
Burlng the hour that the assistant
cashier" was at lunch Jacobs took his
piabe. This, it is said, gave him the
opportunity to steal. When a customer
purchased goods he got an invoice from
the salesman, which he took to the
bill clerk. The bill clerk would make
out a bill and hand It and the invoice
to the customer, putting a duplicate
on his file. The customer would take
the invoice and bill to Jacobs, who re
ceipted the bill, retaining the cash and
destroying the invoice. He watched his
opportunity and also destroyed the du
plicate bill filed by the bill clerk.
Jacobs lived at 272 B street, Oakland,
smrl was looked upon as a young man
t3f promise, both by his employers and
friend*. The police say that he made
ti full confession.
DOWIE'S PRAYERS
NOT COLLATERAL
HASTE TO MARRY
LEADS TO RUIN
Representatives of the United Rail
roads held a long conference yesterday
with Mayor Rchmitz relative to the
curve at Post and Kearny . streets,
which the Board of Public Works
caused to be torn up because it was
less than eleven feet from the side
walk. The result of the conference was
an agreement on the part of the com
pany to rearrange the curve so that
it will be eight feet from the curb line.
Although this will still be a violation
of the ordinance Mayor Schmitz was
of the opinion that it -was as much as
the company could be expected to do
in the oremiscs in view of the rights
which it clearly possesses.
The company contends that its fran
chise for this point was granted before
the passage of the ordinance and that
it is a mechanical impossibility to get
any such distance as" eleven feet on
streets' of the width of Kearny and
Post. There are no double track
curves in the city at that distance, but
the company finds it possible and is
willing to move its track south as far
ns practicable. This has been calculated
at the Hmlt of one foot and two inches,
which would increase the present dis
tance of five feet and two inches to six
feet and four inches." In addition to
this, for better security, it is proposed
that the curb at the northwest corner
of Post and Kearny streets shall be re
formed so as to gain one foot and eight
inches additional distance, making a
total distance of eight feet between the
rail and curb.
The company will at its own expense,
but under the supervision of the Board
of Public Works, reconstruct the curb
and repave the street at this point.
The rail is to be laid flatter and the
grade between rail and curb is to be
laid with less incline. The company,
however, will first obtain the .consent
and recommendation of the Board of
Public Works and secure action by the
Brard of Supervisors permitting the
change in the curb.
The company conceded that it acted
without right in laying the curved
track without flrEt obtaining a permit
from the Board of Public Works to
open the street for that purpose. Appli
cation, was made at the end of the
conference to the board for the permit.
A blueprint, showing the new arrange
ment, accompanied the application,
which will be referred to the City En
gineer for investigation and report.
Officials Admit J:he Action
\Yus Illegal Since Permit
Was Not First Obtained
MAYOK IX CONFERENCE
! Curve at Kearay and Post
Streets AVill Be 3Ioved
| ' Eight Feet From Sidewalk
SPUR TRICK
TO BE RESET
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, -1904.
35
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
DON'T -FAIL: TO
see the beautiful
COURT Lounging
room, the EMPIRE
PARLOR, the
PALM ROOM, the
LOUIS XV PAR.
LOR, and the LA-
DIES* WRITING
ROOM.
a "w- *-+ » ry « T^ Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR *k«:
General Mannner.
FAREWELL APPEARANCE TO-NIGHT
• WHITE WHITTI.E3EY
SSJ CAMILLE
I Fvt T 25c to 73c: Mats. Sat. and Sun. U5c to r.Oc.
THFVFW ALCAZAR 9TOCK COMPANY
Tvn n rARTON'9 FAMOUS COMEDY.
¥ fljp? jT\ I FIRST TIME AT
*~ -£n ' ™ E ALCAZAR.
. A Ix U I '
LADY ALGY
; First Appearance— JOHN CRAIG, LILLIAN
LAWRENCE snd ELIZABETH WOODSON |
with the "old Alcazar Favorites. • , *
Next Monday— Clyde Fitch's Comedy. . u
I "THE WAY OF THE WORLD."
¦ . .... . . . '. < i l : *Ci ''¦'
Market street near 8th. Phone, South B."Vl.'
MATINEE TO-DAY-TO-NIGHT. LAST TTME
SENSATIONAL DRAMA.
DEALERS IN
WHITE WOMEN
Spectacular Production of Rider Haggard's
j Farewrell Ensagement ot Frlsco'ji Favorite.
EUGENIE THAIS LAWTON
PDrrKC Evenings......'...^..-..- 110c to 50c
lnltCO Mats...... 10c, 15o, '--5c I
Week Commenclnjr THIS AFTER- s
NOON, October 9. \
A BIG
HIGKEY AND NELSON
In Their Lauehlns Succeej. "TWIST- <
ED AND TANGLED." 5
I Lewis KcCord and' Company
\ Ottering "HER LAST REHEARSAL," >
I. by Wlllard Holcomb. *
I "A NIGHT IN VENICE" j
21 Pre»«nted by' S. ECIARRETTI. E. 1
« CIBELLI and A. CIBELLI, Vo- '
V callsts and Instrumentalists. \
iLAi-MurphyandWillard-iioise ]
*> In Conversational Oddities. J
JULIUS M. TANNEN
V Impersonator of Stage Favorite*.
FELIX AND BARRY
>> (GEORGE FELIX. LYDIA BARRY,
JZ EMILY BARRY).
5>. In Edwin R. Burton's Big Laugh. >
>/ - "THE BOY NEXT DOOR."
MME. AVERY STRAKOSCH
< Prlma Donna Soorano.
ORPHEUM MOTION PICTURES
J Showing the Latest Novelties.
s La^t Week of the TJnequaled Laugh- ;
I ¦ ¦ makers, . <
HOEY AND LEE ..
J Original Hebrew Humorists. j|j;
S Regular Matineea Every Wednesday. J{>
7 Thursday. Saturday and Sunday. <£
4 Prices — 10c. 25c and 50c. ].>
INGLESIDE
£OURSING_PARK.
Every
SATURDAY
SUNDAY.
Counlne *>H begla at 11 o'clock iharp mad
ctrtteue until the last winning flag goe» up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All " Mission *t. ears transfer to Gu«rr*ro
cars, which co direct to ths park.
JOHN GRACE, Judge.
EDWARD SHOItTSTAO. SUpp«r.
JOSEF
HOFMANN
- < THE GB33AT PIAITIST.
PABEWEH POPULAR CONCEBT
TIVOLI OPERA HOUSE
N XT. SUMDAY AFTERNCON AT 2:30
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME.
Popular Pricas, $'.50, $1. 75c and 5Cc
SEATS BEADY WEDNESDAY
AT SHERMAN. CLAY & CO. - 8.
COMING—GADSKl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Human hair
and how
to grow it
The hair of the head has
always been a source of
pride to both men and
women throughout all the
word's history and its loss
or deterioration is a source
of keen mortification
and regret.
Frorn time to time
various so-called remedies
for falling hair and the
various diseases of the
scalp have been foisted upon
t.hc public, and the failure
of these to do any perma-
nent good has only added
disappointment to discour-
agement
One remedy, however —
Coke Dandruff Cure —
lias proved itself capable
of doing everything
claimed for it and of being_
Morthy of the confidence of
a much-abused public.
It will remove dandrufi,
it will cure diseases of the
scalp, it will put new life
into the old follicles, and
consequently will actually
grow hair on a bald head.
An incredulous smile
may p2ss over the face
of the reader at the last
paragraph, but thousands
of testimonials on file in
our office prove it beyond
the shadow of a doubt, end
3'our druggist, no matter
where he may be. will tell
you the same story..
Coke Dandruff
Cure
... Aslryour drujs^t.
For the Human Body in Health and
Disease.
The mention of sulphur will recall to
many of us tha early days when our
mothers and grandmothers gave us
our daily dose of sulphur and molasses
every spring and fall.
It was the universal spring and fall
"blood purifier," tonic and cure-all,
and mind you, this old-fashioned rem-
edy was not without merit.
Tho idea was good but the remedy
was crude and unpalatable, and a large
quantity had to be taken to get any
effect.
Nowadays we get all the beneficial
effects of sulphur in a palatable, con-
centrated form, so that a single grain
Is far more effective than a tablespoon-
ful of the crude sulphur.
In recent years research and experi-
ment have proven that the best sulphur
for medicinal use is that obtained from
Calcium (Calcium Sulphide) and sold
In drug stores under the name of
Stuart's Calcium Wafers. They are
small chocolate coated pellets and con-
lain the active medicinal principle of
pulphur In a highly concentrated, ef-
fective form. j
Few people are aware of the value of
this form of sulphur in restoring and
maintaining bodily vigor and health;
sulphur acts directly on the liver and
excretory organs, and purifies and en-
riches the blood by the prompt elimin-
ation of- waste material.
¦ Our grandmothers knew this when
they dosed us with sulphur and molas-
ses every spring 1 and fall, but the cru-
dity and impurity of ordinary flowers of
sulphur were often worse than the dis-
ease, and cannot compare with the
modern concentrated preparations of
sulphur, of which Stuart's Calcium
Wafers are undoubtedly the best and
most widely used.
They axe the natural antidote for
liver and kidney troubles and cure con-
stipation ajid purify the blood in a way
that often surprises patient andphysi-
cian alike.
Dr. II. M. "Wilkins while cxperlmenl-
ing with sulphur remedies soon found
that the sulphur from Calcium was su-
perior to any other form. He says:
"For liver, kidney and blood troubles,
especially when resulting from consti-
pation or- malaria, I. have been sur-
prised, at the results obtained from
Stuart's Calcium Wafers. In patients
suffering from boils and pimples and
even deep-seated carbuncles, I have re-
peatedly seen them dry up and disap-
pear in four or five days, leaving the
skin clear and smooth. Although
Stuart's Calcium Wafers is a proprie-
tary article and sold by druggists, and
for that reason tabooed by many phy-
sicians, yet I know of nothing so safe
and reliable for constipation, Jiver and
kidney troubles and especially in all
forms of Ekin disease as this remedy."
At any rate people who are tired" of
pills, cathartics and so-called -blood
"purifiers," will find in Stuart's Cal-
cium Wafers a far safer, more pala-
table and effective preparation.
What Sulphur Does
ADVEKTISKMENTS.
UNION
COURSING
PARK
P. J. BJBIZi^T Jniz*
JAS. T. OK ACE Sli9p«r
i
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, OCT. 9
Glass and
ReserveStakes
72 -NOMINATIONS -72
$1000 pE b $1000
TRAIN SERVICE.
Tralna leav« Third and Town«end itreets at
10:15 a. in. and 1 p. m., atopplny at Twenty-
flfth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning after the last course. San Matoo
electric car» every four minute* to park ea-
tranc* direct. ,
H. VT. BISHOP. LeMee- and Manager.
TO-NISHT i ™£,'S£ TO-MBHT
By Special Arrangement withi
KLAW ft ERLANGER - •
Oliver Uorosco offers a spectacular production
of that sublime drama of the Orient.
"A JAPANESE
NIGHTINGALE"
An adaptation from the novel o! Onoto
Watanna.
nnffpc Nl«ht. 25c, 35c and 50c.
IIViWLJ a few front rows of orchjstra 75^.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
A ROYAL FEAST OF FUX, k
"DOWN THE LINE"
HT HOWARD JACOTT.
Excelling la every particular all previous pro-
" ',%* .. ductlom.
Unrivaled Cast and Chorus. *
Eighteen Great Novelties. •'•¦>•
Nlshts, 25c, SOo and 75c.
Saturday and Sunday Matineea, 25o and 30c.
Children at Matlntes. 10c and 25c.
To follow— "DILLT DALLT."
High-Class Specialties Every After-
noon and Evening in the Theater.
WALSH AND UGO.V: CHARLES AND ADA
KALAMO: TED E. BOX: JAMES AND
BONNIE PARLEY: TIIK HAML1N3: M.<-
BE1. LAXSO.V AND THE AMERICAN
BIOGRAPH.
» SPECIAL— Children visiting the Chute* Sun-
day morning*, when Sultafl. the untanlabla
' lion, performs with Captain Hendrlcks la V)«
Zoo will bo given tickets for the Miniature
Electric Railroad. Ferris Wheel and Galloping
Horse* WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE. ¦ •
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
' ¦ Admission. 10c: Children, So.
-When Fhonlne Ask (or the ChutMt .'j
I WHOLESALE PRICES |
9 . ' m rUK—"-— q
| TAILOR - MADE GARMENTS 1
® REPRESENTING. STYLE AND QUALITY. • •
a ADDITIONAL NEW STYLES. 2
© $20.00 Novelty Mixture Suits. Our price .$1 5-00 9
® $20.00 High Quality Cheviot Suits. Our price. .. . $15^00 •
© $25.00 Novelty Tailor Suits. Our price .$17-50 S
9 $30.00 Fine Venetian Suits, trimmed, at J>22-50 *
q $35.00 High Grade-Dress Suits at $25-00 e
©¦'" $7.56 Dress Skirts, wholesale price . . . ; . . . .". .. ....... .$500 •
§ , $ib.oo- Dress .Skirts, wholesale price . .. . . , : J 17.50 %
9 $io:.oo Silk-Lincdtjackets,.. wholesale price ........... . J IT-50 ®
J $17^50 Silk-Lined Coats, wholesale price » .$1250 §
1 FUR JACKETS AND FUR STOLES I I
g AT WHOLESALE PRICES g
9 — : ¦ • ' O
9 -«~ "*>- 1 —^^— ¦ 0
% 1142-1146 Market Street %
9 ¦ 9
- •- : •--.-. . .;¦¦ ¦ : : •¦¦¦ _
! GRAND OPERA HOUSEl
y^^ Week Starting Matinee To-Day 1
/ "%^^Si^2 W * P * CULLEN PR^SEN.'S THE 1
/ 7^1 /i^^'^^w Merriest Musical I
L. FIGMAN I J^t\ I 1
AS THE BURGOMASTER. , Si *^*^ *L jfw / 1
That Stunning Lot of Girls / M
BEGINNING NEXT Aljf^AW A / i
SUNDAY MATINEE Jr%ffkh£t/%/ PiJ\ >/ ,1
. a n 1 -^liiili r~~—
0 I
I Dry Goods Company, j
SUITS. COATS, SKIRTS 1
** (Second riocr.) q
O. Plstinctive in design and faultless in fit, they represent the best |
9 achievements of New York and European houses of reputation |
| LADIES' NOVELTY SUITS, in cloth and \
9 velvet. g
§ MAN-TAILORED WALKING SUITS, in I
g broadcloth, cheviot, serge and mannish «
9 mixtures. s
| OPERA and STREET COATS. I
1 TAILOR JACKETS and RAGLANS. 1
S WALKING and DRESS SKIRTS. S
g : •• |
2 CnTT/^T A T LADIES ' TAILOR-MADE «
© |J1 Jd'LfJ./Y i-/ SUITS - A 11CW shipment, made |
0 of cheviot, in blue, brown and |
• black— Norfolk jacket style, lined with silk— latest plaited skirt— C
e regular $25.00 value. Wiil be (t^^/^V T^ 1 \ %
| placed on sale Monday ,t _-_- CaCQ %
1 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, j
© Ceary ard Stockton Streets, Union Sqnarj. €
ftsa»<C09sctteae9goooo»69O6saQcgeosoi>ooc6®e0OQj
bULUDHBIAifiunsaiioTa i * O-rNlgMX. .
ANOTHER \A/EEK1 Charlc %^,Tes n e e nt aa
————— — - XN THE (
IT HAS r-, — mm --,!,. _ _^-^ ZSAS
set aia £% gzrp?§ *~+ jp* rm on the v> . ater a Kow
SAN V^ 8 £ M Xh»> CUmJ Mamie « >' H^'.-y.
LAUGHING. b"^ C" "^ J' The Trials cf a Simple Matd.
¦ Mmm0 ML . 1 ,
MONDAY, OCT. 17, Tb« Greatest Chinese
PZSST TIME Musical Comedy Ever Written.
John C. Fisher A,^ Jp /"^B B H &J/ €3
Will Present, by *~^ m m "™ ' mm m
Sr«oial Arr&nseinent "^ Wlth
With the Augustln JAMES T. POWERS
Daly Estate. And Ninety-one Otheri.
SEAT SALE BEGINS THURSDAY.
AT Zk ff #-# jH H/I F% F& /I 12 CONCSBTS - B«artaatesr
THE JT^ EaamSM M JT^l. I WM t 0 JB \ JTTk. ST7N9AT niOHT. OCT. 18
•• W" V S~^f A Matinees Tues., Thurs.. Sat.. Sun.
«*w fl B I I Tilt /% SEAT SALE BEGINS
H B I I /jk NEXT WEDS ESDAY
A. l^O. SI «. JAv'X f^^VL. At Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
««Vm S ' A JSL PRICES— Evenln(ts....5oc. 75e. Sl.» and Jl. 5ft
PRICES— Evenings 30c. 73c. $1.0»> and I1.3O
I EDWARD ACKERMAN, Lessee end Manager. W
I Second and Last Week I
r« F"|'H TOT i!j^ I GREATEST MUSICAL COMEDY HIT IN jj I
¦ I fn ffii YEARS -PACKED TO THE DOORS AT I I
I J^ JLA JUfi EVERY PERFORMANCE LAST WEEK | |
I Phillip H. I B.«t Drilled Choru. of Pret- | SW| ta Brlar " S
B. DVI pY *7 Olrla Ever Seea Here - 1 Original Comedy—
I IVILLI Po«mvely the Talk of the I QgMbxt f
9 And Company of Town. B J;
: M 60 Clever People. ''¦"iTiIWTHI ' ¦' j«»um»jw— »* natinsr ISnsls. H
I Everybody Is Whistling "My Alamo Love" |
I NEXT ?J?SS'« S i TCVAQ QTCCR S? WN1X3T I
I SUNDAY gSS 0 " A ltAAi ilttK &&»»» 1
H will. h. brat. 1 HARRY R FMFRY I may u Stockton as |
W In hia original role or the I1AKKI o. LlYlCKT | J
H colored politician. | As "BRAITDER." 4 "BOSSY." |
Artistic Hian'Tailored .Qarments at
CUT RATE PRICES
— ¦ DISTINCTIVE FEATURES
Good Quality Material; ; : ; Faultless Fit and Finish
™ TAILOR SUITS NOVtLTY COATS
«p^r» f\g\ PLEATED JACKET At lower prices than anywhere:
Jill (JU — With belt, collar and dopant styles at
H'ji-'.v/v/ cuffs . ve , vet trimmcd 8^.-;.(M>. SS5.OO. S4O.OO.
pleated skirts; new Scotch mixtures; $45. OO and SoO.OO-
black, navy and brown. Full value 1AIL0K 5>UH'S
Iz 0 *!. —« vnwiTr t,t m .on 5t*'71l p#v' HIGHLY TAILORED
$22.50 WMMMMi ipsopigpS
med with tucks and fancy braids; ,dea«amed: cutaway Jacket, with fan-
full pleated skirts; made of fine 'cy vest; pleated skirt, with new pet-
quality Venetian, in shades of black! "foat flounce; in all the latest
brown, navy and green. Positive s ? ad fn : nrt none handsomer anywhero
value S30 00 I a '- 540.00.
iC«o*** t^r\' FANCY PAtRTJOTn tf"?C f\f\ ELEGANT DRESS
$22.50' illfili!! sgmH^j^™-;
them in brown, navy and black. Full Wack and brown. Kxcellent $50.00
value S°7 50 . value. • •
oil r/ p,.inT „,,,«. n FUR JACKETS— At lowest market
SkLK S51IRT WAIST SUITS prices. SKIRTS
V f5'iT *^ n w S 27l e> at fiPI^ PA VOILE
Sl^.oO. Slti.CiO, »1S.oO. S(J SKIRTS —^Trimmed
m&T<i 4?*fci.wrvr w ith silk braid bands
uu^i I O and ornament?; silk drop skirt.
Cfy CA ?4-LENGTH TOUR- <£O CH PKAU DE SOIE SILK
jfcl^J.^U 1ST COATS— Made of SKIRTS-Trimmed with
» { Jl*/.v*w reliably quality Ker- u insertion and braid,
sey; velvet trimmed; large pearl lir regular $10.00 leader,
buttons; $18.50 value. Cut rate tt*O CA Handsome PANAMA
• • S13..-SO v£ O.3U ' CLOTH SKIRT— Richly
tf« -J »7 C/\ NOVELTY COATS — trimmed with braid and
/.JIM Knee length; made of buttons: pleated panel.
4. A ¦ ,t^v flne coVert CIoth . bo , t . <£, „-. BLACK BROADCLOTH
ed bark: angel sleeves; cuffs and' iSO.DU* SKIRTS — Pleated panel,
collar richly satin trimmed. Honest w 'th straps; piped with
value $20.00. Cut rate 817 5O slIk and trimmed with buttons.
CIA /HA New ' st ylo LOOSE tf*C f\f\ Extra flne BASKET
JilU.V/U COATS irt shades of tan Ib^.UU WEAVE— Silk and fan-
4 «7 . and castor, braid and cy braid panel, with
silk band trimming on capes; large, deep flare.
full sleeves: satin lined throughout. See our WALKING SKIRTS
Full value $12.oO. Cut rate..SlO.Q<> 82.5O, 8K.5O. 84 and 85.
1230, 1232, 1234MAIIKET ST11EET.
OPERAf |Y|^| HOUSE
LAST 17IOHT
THE SERENADE
I« TO-MORROW NIGHT
FIRST PRODUCTION IN AMERICA
of the Great German Comic Opera Success
DER RASTELBINDER
. .tThe Mousetrap Peddl«r.>
ONL.Y MATINEE SATURDAY
SAME PRICKS 23c. 50c. 75c
Ben Greet's Players
TO-MORROW. TUES.. WED. NIGHTS
WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY MATS '
MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING
THURS.. : FRI. AND SAT. EVENINGS.
SPECIAL FRIDAY MATINEE/
TWnLFTH NIGHT •<-;
The Wednesday and Friday Matinees arc
given at C:30, 90 that pupils and teach-
ers may attend.
RESERVED" SEATS.' $1 60. $1 and 73c.
BOX OFFICE SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S.'In France last year 497 "million
aires" died. But they were million
aires in francs only and a million
francs is only $200,000.
Demurrers in the cases of the Unit
ed States vs. Lee Toy and Hippolyttus
Lesola Amador Eca da Silva were sub
mitted yesterday without argument in
the United States District Court.
I>emurreTs Submitted.
Good printing- makes the Knowles shop hum.
Edward Knowles Company. 24 Second st. •
Promote the secretions of the urine
and renew the enervated kidneys by
•using Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
The Merchants' Association yester
day petitioned the Board of Supervis
ors to cause the removal of a transpa
rency on an unused lamppost on the
outer edge of the sidewalk on Pine
street, below Montgomery. It is
claimed that the transparency is a
distinct violation of the ordinance
prohibiting the erection of signs on
the outer edge of sidewalks.
Wants Transparency Removed.
T*»pper*» OU cures rheumatism and BMnlda.
t>ntglMta. 50c flaak. Richard & Co.. 404 Clay.*
T. F. Conral of Truck No. 1 of the
Fire Department obtained a warrant
from Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday
for the arrest of Charles Teahl on a
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement.
Teahl used to hang around the truck
house and about a week ago Conral
asked him to collect subscriptions for
the sick benefit fund. Teahl collected
$17 20. but has not turned it over to
Conral, nor has he been seen around
the truck house since.
Falls to Turn in Snbscriptions.
The Merchants'. Association yester
day filed a communication with the
Board of Supervisors to the effect that
it would be ill advised to present pro
posed charter amendments at the gen
eral electforr pnv'NbA'ember 8. 1904,
as there is a ¦seYiousVquestion as. to the
legality of any amendment proposed
to be voted upon at the date men
tioned. The association states that it
has been "advised that no amendment
to the charter can be safely proposed
prior to the 13th inst. nor submitted
to a vote of the people until after De
cember 4 next, in accordance with the
section of the constitution bearing on
the subject-
Merchants' Association Holds. There Is
Serious : Doubt as ' to ' Legality j
. . of ;ProceedlhR. £ '
SAYS CHARTER AMENDMENTS
SHOULD NOT BE SUBMITTED
Complains of Foul Odors.
Samuel Samter yesterday filed a
protest with the Supervisors against
the alleged nuisance caused by foul
odors and smoke from the partial
burning and destructive distillation of
garbage at the Crematory, conducted
by the Sanitary Reduction Works.
M'atch the dimes and the dollars will
take care of themselves. This Is an old
and trite saying and we see it exempli
fied daily in the lives of those who are
bound for the top. The path to success
may seem rugged at first, but once you
have begun to climb, the road gradually
becomes more easy. The way to get rich,
or. at least, to become comfortable in
life, is to put by some of your income
and let It accumulate, gathering more
money as it grows. The man who says
he cannot save something, each week or
each month, out of his earnings, has
never tried. You can begin by saving $1
each week. The Phoenix Savings. B. &
I.,. Ass'n, 516 California street, will open
a savings account with you for that
amount and allow 4^ per cent; interest
compounded semi-annually. On term ac
counts. 5 per cent, interest payable semi
annually. The Phoenix has a paid-up
capital cf 51,250.000; guarantee capital.
$200,000. The directors are A. A. Wat
kins. Charles R. Bishop, George C
Boardman. S. Prentlss Smtth. Gavin Mc-
Nab, Charles E. Ladd; Clarence Grange,
managing director. •
The Dimes and the Dollars.
experience no difficulty at all In delug
ing the court with testimony. His
Honor Judge Mogan told her to pre
pare the deluge for next Monday.
May Boyce said that the whisky she
drank was imbibed for medicinal pur
poses, and it must have been the sud
den fall of the barometer that affected
her so, for she did not drink enough'of
the liquor to make her as helpless as
she was when Patrolman Skelly found
her cliiiging to a Fourth street lamp
post at 2 o'clock a. m. yesterday. As
for proving good character, she would
wharf when the posse found them, and
they stated that they fell asleep while
awaiting the arrival from Half moon
Bay of the schooner i Maggie, laden
with vegetables, whtch they hoped to
have the pleasure and profit of convey
ing ashore. Case dismissed.
From underneath a pile of lumber on
the Spear street wharf the human fer
rets dragged Charles Hartman, a com
paratively decent appearing man, and
they did. not believe his story that he
was a stranger in the city and had
sought shelter there because he had no
means of hiring a lodging.
"My only crime is poverty," he said
to Judge Mogan. "It was to get shelter
from the rain that I crept under the
lumber and tried to sleep. I had no
where else to go, for I am a stranger
in San Francisco and ha.ve no money.
If it is an offense to be dead broke and
homeless I am guilty. But that I am
"neither a loafer nor a thief I can
prove."
.He did prove it by showing certifi
cates that he worked as a laborer until
sickness incapacitated him for toll, and
he was forced to spend his savings for
medical service. Then the prosecuting
policeman sarcastically remarked that
for a stranger in the city the defend
ant showed surprising aptitude in find
ing a sleeping place much frequented
by vagrants.
"Your sarcasm is uncalled for," said
the Judge to the officer. "If this man
were versed in the ways of the city's
vagrants he would probably have se
lected a more desirable shelter from the
storm than was afforded him by a lot
of loose planks. He has proved that he
is not a professional vagabond, and as
this court' does not regard either his
unavoidable illness or resultant poverty
as a crime he is discharged. Every one
cannot escape adversity, you know, or
be a policeman."
They found Neil Gilman nestled amid
a heap of scrap iron upon the Folsom
street wharf, and he was so drunk that
he did riot know the rain was drenching
him. He will be sentenced to-morrow.
While the rainstorm was raging night
before last a posse of policemen toured
the wharves and scooped .in all va
grants whom they found under shelter.
Five chronic vagabonds were picked up
on the hay wharf, at .the foot of Third
street, and each of them explained that
he was a longshore laborer awaiting
cessation of the storm and turning of
the tide so that: he could resume work
on some ship — name of vessel not re
membered— which he had been helping
to unload the previous day. They were
given twenty-four ; hours* apiece by
Judge Mogan.
•Lewis B.Lawton and John Murray
were slumbering on the Mission street
Henry C. Colch, 18 years of age, who
had confessed that he robbed telephone
cash boxes, blubbered for mercy. His
mother also tearfully appealed. for le
niency and offered to pay any fine the
court might impose. The youth was
fined $100 and the- woman promptly
handed the sum to the clerk of Judge
Mogan's tribunal. iJ^r '
Louis Perlno and Gustave Swant, 17
year-old lads, were sentenced to six
months' imprisonment by Judge Mogan
after they had pleaded guilty to the
charge of stealing liquors from a Pa
cific street saloon. They were booked
for grand larceny, and It was in ac
cordance with the Judgre's suggestion
that they pleaded guilty of petty lar
ceny. On account of their youth his
Honor did not want to send them to
the penitentiary via the Superior Court.
Having performed his street car act
last Friday evening until the initiated
spectators were weakened by laugh
ter and unable to applaud him any
more, Mr. Ryan varied his performance
by arming himself with a shoe-stretch
er and pursuing a Japanese boy who
happened to fall athwart iWs.ollne of
vision. The little brown lad was run
ning for his life and his pursuer was
uttering demoniac yells and brandish
ing his weapon when a policeman
stopped the chase by arresting the
chaser and coldly declining to enter
into the spirit of the joke. Judge Mo
gan also refused to regard the incident
as humorous when it was explained to
him by Mr. Ryan and several appre
ciative witnesses, and the consequence
is that Mr. Ryan awaits sentence for
disturbing the peace.
James Ryan, shoemaker at Sixth and
Natoma streets, is such a "cut-up"
when intoxicated that his neighbors
never think of going to witness a
funny stage performance when he is
on a spree. He furnishes them with
original amusement, and doesn't tax
them a cent for it. One of his side
splitting capers is to alarm the crews
and passengers of passing street cars
by pretending to cast himself under the
vehicles, eluding the wheels by the
narrowest possible margin compatible
with bodily safety. This specialty
never fails to win innumerable encores.
Its attractiveness is enhanced by the
fact that the performer has only one
foot. His crippled condition tends to
make his seemingly miraculous escape
from death all the more thrilling, be
cause it makes his ability to escape
appear impossible.
Henry Young and his wife positively
identified Charles Coulter as the man
wher robbed the former of a diamond
pin last Sunday afternoon on a Valen
cia street car and Frank Gomes and
Nathan Yineberg as positively swore
that at the time of the alleged robbery
Coulter was in San Jose.
Judge Cabaniss continued ' the case
till next Tuesday in order to give him
velf time to ponder over the direct con
flict of testimony. The Youngs testi
fied that Coulter stole the pin about 3
o'clock p. m. and Gomes and Yineberg
averred that Coulter was seen by them
in- the Garden City shortly after 2
o'clock p. m. on the same day. Gomes
keeps a lodging-house and Yineberg is
an old resident of San Jose.
Coulter has served two terms in San
Quentin and several months ago was
arrested for.' grand larceny. He was
.convicted and • sentenced to "four years
by Superior. Judge.-. Lawlor, but ap
pealed to the Supreme Court and was
released on bail. The higher tribunal
sustained the lower ¦tourt, but Coulter
did not give- himself up. He was ar
rested at Sah Jose last Tuesday for the
Young robbery. Even if his alibi should
stick he will be -held by the»Sheriff un
til Judge Lawlor again sentences him.
Case continued till to-morrow, when
the defense will try to show that prior
to Mr. Garrett's voluntary retirement
from the dance hall he was twice
ejected by Mr. Lopez for disorderly
conduct.
James Garrett Jr., a gigantic negro,
described how his left arm was almost
amputated by a razor in the /hand of
Filisano Tores, a consumptive-appear
ing Porto Rican. It was in the Pacific
street dance hall owned and managed
by Dan Lopez that the trouble began
and the woman at the bottom of it
was the renowned Anastasia Johnson.
"Me an' de lady wuz eatin* pigsfeet
an' drinkin' beer at de bah," said Mr.
Garrett to Police Judge Mogan, "wen
dis yah defendant butted in between
us and poked his fist inter my schoon
er, w'ich was more'n half full. I ex
posturlated, ob cohse, an' den he sez,
sez he, 'I'll slice yer a bit,' an' wif dat
he exhibits a razzah. 'Dat yah weapon
am foolish,' I sez, sez Li 'It doan skeer
me a mite,' I sez. ! Tse ain't trubblin'
about yo' cuttlery, man,' I sez, sez I,
'but please keep yo' nan's out ob.. my
beer or suafin ez goin' ter be stahted
an' bof ob us'll be in it.' Wif dat de
flo* walker comes an' advises me ter
git out, as de Porto Ricans outnum
bahed me. 'You git out,' Dan sez, sez
he. 'an' I'll hole de do' till yer gits
away.' Den I bids de lady good night
an' promulates keerless-llke ter de side
walk. Well, sah, I'se no sooner out dar
den de. do' am busted open an* out
rushes de Porto Ricans. Dey all comes
at me at once, wif dis yah defendant
in de lead. He hez de razzah in his
han' an' stahts ter cahve right away.
De fust' plash cuts de front ob mah
coat. De secon' cut gits me in de left
ahm. I pulls a pocketknife an' tries
ter proteckt myself an' am havln* a
lively time w'en de policem'n rescues
me." • • .
Jealous Porto Rican Plies Razor
Beer and Pigsfeet Lead to Wounding of Col
ored Gentleman Who Bought the
Dainty Treat.
B.F.Stoll, dentist; Iialght & Masonic av.»
A fight between a lion and a bull
was witnessed by a large number of
people in the bull ring: at Jaen. Spain,
recently. The bull was victorious,
tossing the lion three times in the air.
RUSH IT. Gabriel PrinUnj Co.. "Print Any
thing." 419 Sacraments rt. J«ev«r disappoint.*
The fact that there Is a deficit in the
Firemen's Pension Fund which has pre
vented the payment of the pensions for
June is causing considerable unfavor
able comment among those interested.
It is claimed on alleged legal grounds
that the Board of Supervisors in
neglecting to provide a sufficient appro
priation yearly to pay the pensions has
repeatedly violated the charter, which
makes it mandatory upon the board to
make the necessary provision for the
purpose. Section 2 chapter 7 of the
charter, under the caption of "Fire
men's Relief Fund," reads as follows:
"There shall be annually levied, col
lected and apportioned to the Firemen's
Relief Fund a tax sufficient to meet
and pay all demands upon said fund
for the purposes set out in this chap
ter."
The members of the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners charge
the Supervisors with having regularly,
every* year since the charter went into
effect, failed to allow enough money to
pay the pensions, despite the plain
provisions of the charter on the subject.
It is said that In accordance with the
charter provisions the Pension Com
missioners in June, 1903, asked the Su
pervisors to appropriate $26,000 for pen
sions, but $19,000 only was allowed for
1903-1904. This resulted in a deficit of
more than $4000, and for a time it was
thought that the pensions for May and
June would not be paid. The Fire Com
mission, however, came to the assist
ance of the pensioners and contributed
a sum saved in the salary account to
pay the May pensions. Section 7 of the
chapter mentioned provides as follows:
"The Pension Commissioners shall
make up an estimate of the amount re
quired to pay all demands on the Fire
men's Relief Fund for the succeeding
fiscal year and certify the same to the
Supervisors in connection with and as
part of. the annual appropriation of the
Fire Department."
Such an estimate has been regularly
filed with the Supervisors, but has been
invariably cut down, resulting in a de
ficit. The only expense attached to the
matter is the payment of $50 monthly
for a secretary and for printing. Should
there be a surplus In the fund it would
be carried over to the appropriation
for the following year. The Commis
sioners have about $500 available to pay
the June pensions, but are awaiting the
pleasure of the Supervisors* Finance
Committee to make up the balance of
about $1400.
More than half of Russia's profits
from exports come from the sale of
grain. The value of exported butter is
over J16.000.000 per year; of eggs over
526,000,000.
Fire Commission Claims Su
pervisors Are to Blame for
Deficit in Pension Coin
SAYS CHARTER
IS VIOLATED
John Elwood was sentenced / by
Judge Lawlor yesterday to serve
eighteen months in San Quentin on a
charge of burglary. He was employed
as an elevator man at the Roycroft
Hotel, Turk and Leavenworth streets.
and stole several articles of jewelry
from the room of Mrs. Fannie Moun
sey on July 21. He fled to Los An
geles, where he was arrested. The
Judge made the sentence light in view
of the defendant's previous good char
acter, but in passing sentence he com
mented upon the increasing number of
cases of that character, men and boys
obtaining employment on elevators In
hotels with the sole object of thiev
ing.
Sentenced for Burglary.
THE SAN FRANCISGO , CALL, . SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1901.
36
% A $15.00 RAIN (If Zi\
COAT FOR . . «pll.«)ll
I Mmi An exc^ 1Ient cravenette, yoke in
K /. V^|j shoulder with belt and two box pleats
\VCSJ\\H in back. See illustration. Tan, grav
lofv 7 ] I rSi or olive. This week. .... -$1 1.50
**\ 1 y\ MAN-TAILORED SUITS — Worth
\ \ \ yk $22.50. A new line just received from our
t\ll\Wi New York buyers, including hip coats,
Vk ¥ Vi W^ blouse effects and three-quarter coats. In
/ \\ \ vl \v^ black, brown and navy cheviots ; also in
I lflll\i Scotch, mannish mixtures and tweeds, all
L^IS^M^ Ourprice $17-50
Readv=to*Wear Garments Autumn Dress Goods
" First Floor— IWt.
Second Floor — Take Elevator. e _ _ . .. XT - e -- . «, -r -V t? t\
$1.50 MANNISH MlXbU
GIRLS' SUITS— Ages 10 to 12 TWEEDS, 95c a Yard— All wool,
years. Worth $13.50. Ideal school 52-inch; new fall colorings; plain
dresses, in the Norfolk coat styles, mixtures and colored silk knob cf-
mixed effects and in blacks, brown. f ec ts. Regularly $1.50. Sale price,
navy, red or green. Our price . '.'. a yard 05c
i iJ£2? 8 5 C BLACK SUNSHINE AL-
VELVET AND TAFFETA PA CA, 50c— Extra heavy iron
SILK DRESSES— Some swell ef- f rame wcave , silky finish; rich fast
fects just received. Blouse styles, black; also navy and new blue.
elcfeantly trimmed. Jackets lined Very serviceable for shirt waist
with satin. Black, brown, blue or su j ts> sepa rate skirts, etc. Special,
new green; all sizes; worth a y ar d 50c
0 :r P rice • • • • ' • 9- s - 50 $ 1>oo FANCY VELVET SUIT-
WALKING SKIRTS— Our New INGS, 75c a Yard— Of Broad Wale
York buyer sent us too many by cor duroy velvets, embroidered fifc-
mistakc. Must close them out im- ure velvettas and crushed velvets,
mediately. A $7-5° linc . compns- exceedingly popular for suits, coats
ing mixtures, rain-proof cloths and an( | wa .i st s: 22 inches; fine color-
chcviots, in black, brown and blue; - m^. Special, a yard 75c
kilted styles. A quick sale begins EXTRA — 1200 YARDS
to-morrow. Each $4.So FREN CH FLANNEL WAIST-
EXTRA SPECIAL SHIRT INGS— All wool, new tricot weave,
WAISTS— The $2.50 kind of alba- for street and evening wear. Great
tro«s, alpaca, all- wool tricot and of offer, a yard 25c
S5&/5ftS3Sa&i2%£ Ribbons, Neckwear, Etc.
£2.50: in black, brown, drab, navy, SPECIAL RIBBONS— Fancy
reseda, lipht blue, national blue, novelty Dresden Ribbons; light
tan. gray and pink; any size. Sale ground, with floral designs; pretty
price $1.S5 f or neck, belts, etc.; entirely new;
a 50c value; a yard 35c
Art GOOdS SPECIAL NECKWEAR— Just
' received by express, another lot of
TAMBOUR SCARFS— 20 Buster Brown collars. These are
inches wide. 54 inches longi^c the ones we sold for 50c; all colors,
value. While they last, each -50c including burnt orange and
TINTED CIRCULAR CEN- emerald, with silk ties attached.
TER PIECES— Three cross just This week, each .39c
received. The most popular spe- SPECIAL IN LADIES' HAND
cial ever offered in this depart- BAGS — Walrus leather, with
ment; prettily tinted; 24 inches braided handle. inside purse
wide; strawberrv designs predomi- and card case; 12 inches; value
nate. Special . .'. -5c $2.25. This week ...J?1.50
APyEKTISEMEXTS.
V^ Monday. Oct. 10
LADIES* UNDERWEAR
Our new stock of LADIES' and CHILDREN'S FALL and
WINTER UNDERWEAR is complete and comprises some of
the products of all the leading European and Eastern manufac-
turers at the most reasonable prices.
A complete line, of the celebrated ZIMMERLI SWISS RIBBED
WOOL VESTS/ in white, black, pink or blue, raneine in prices
from $1.25 to $2.00 each
A full stock of the celebrated PURE I£NEIPP LINEN MESH
VESTS and DRAWERS, in high neck and short sleeves and
high neck and long sleeves. At ff2 QQ pTjQjn
LADIES* CREAM COLOR LADIES' SWISS RIBBED
EGYPTIAN COTTON MERINO VESTS, with short
VESTS and DRAWERS, or long sleeves; heavy weight,
hand finished, medium and white or gray; tights to match
heavy/ weights; vests with long ankle length (non-shnnkable)
or short sleeves, drawers knee Af CI fifl P7l/»n
or ankle length, also tights Al •Pl-W CU^ll.
At SOr CTirh LADIES* HEAVY RIBBED
/u Due cacn. cashmere wool vests,
LADIES' RIBBED MERINO drawers and tights to match;
VESTS, white or natural; form fitting; hand-finished
form fitting, medium weight, seams, in white or natural
with long sleeves; tights to At H11
match; ankle length -** 1 4 J1 » JV
AT 7Sr each ¦ ladies' mercerized
*\l §J\~ Caill. S j LK VESTS, in pink, blue,
LADIES' WHITE MERINO cream or white; hand crocheted
VESTS and DRAWERS, yoke
medium weights, in all sizes At 7^!r* **7tr»h
At 31.UU cacn. ladies* heavy austra.
LADIES' SPUN SILK VESTS, LIAN VESTS, with long and
in pink, blue or cream; high short sleeves, with drawers to
neck and long sleeves match; suitable for winter wear
At $1.25 each. At $1.25 each.
A complete line of CHILDREN'S UNDERWEAR in merino and
all wool, in both plain and ribbed; in various weights, in white
andgray From 35c to $1.50 each
Umbrellas
All our Winter Umbrellas have arrived, in handles of every design,
from the simplest to the most elaborate, and in the most durable
coverings of English Gloria, Taffeta, Melrose and Union Silk
and All-Silk. Prices —
Children's From 40<? to $ 4.5O Each
Ladies' From ROc to #13.00 Each
Men's From 75c to ?15.OO Each
Scerial i , Fan Neck
200 real STlMZz** mm *Xt / Wear.
tenbenrand VI y* M J A A .m m received for
Uenai5*an c e l/l/~ (JLJL fall w e a r a
Lace Collars. (SuJLsCrt J/31 beautiful as-
i n Crea m. r J l^Iit^Z^Lf , sortment o f
Eciu and J J J both Feather
Gold: regular lM i r —_»_^^#jLl^--^ N'ckweaft la
value $5.iO to »B'»4 V\*y If a:; the ' ate «
on saleat prices from
g» to *3 11 1 to 121 Post Street SS 1 ?*?
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
* ISMAR.
A CLOSE CALL
But Was Saved by Timely
Aid of Ismar.
am now entirely well. I desire that you
publish this testimonial as an aid to
V"V I~j-V/Jwfl8i ases * Mar »y of the cases cured by her
tjaa&jil&r ¦ '* :: ."r •<fcy> -^ "Jj^fiWHM As a stress she is equally crcat Mr>r
MwPfe 'S*'^i0'SBS^\ the a^ie?icUn^ n and lt descri^
— -*.-~a2SL£Si3fce^J5ffiMHE> will correctly delineate °t I toy t <Ju r . e ' lsmar
SSL, 1 ttTcS? MISS GarrIne clearly
explains t^case.^ g^ £
Dear Madame Ismar: I am so thankful ter. Rooms 9 and 10. 1104 Market street
to you for all that you have done for me, ° an Francisco. Phone South 1141. Office
and I write this to express my gratitude, loa. 8 *™ t^VS; m • <&\, m - : w , e n d ncsdays.
A year ago I came to California from J? £. P ' m> Sunda y s - 10 *. «• to
Minnesota, under the impression that I Send stamp for booklet.
was in the clutches of consumption. _ ' «._ , - .; .
Three reputable physicians had pro- BEWARE ?/ ho arl^Uemntfn. f n ar , tle , 8
nounccd my case hopeless as to treat- tate Ismar. The only genuine lsmar lti
ment and advised me to travel. After located at the above address.
MISCELLANEOUS.
$200.00 REWARD
For tie arrest and conviction of any
carty or parties obtaining 1 money by
lalsely representing theniselvei as
GEORGE MAYEELE, the German Ex-
pert Optician, or as his agent.
GEORGE MAYERLE'S
EYE •©'WATER
Makes vcenit eyes strong, red. «ore, painful. dl«-
ch*rgrinK or diseased eyes trell. Rests tired
eyes. Perfectly harmless.
Price. 50c. By mail. 62c If your
drugrsist doesn't keep it. order direct
from George Mayerle. 1071 Market street.
San Francisco. George Mayerle's anti-
septic eyeglass cleaners, 2 for 25a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
World's n o
Record l^f %< 3 £"* |Cfe Q
Brcahingi 1 AVCCJ
Dinner Sets
China
Crockery
Glassware
Ornaments
Prices never so cheap
Need the room
for
New Holiday Goods
Come early
just to look.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
Money Saving Store.
S61 Market 213 Sutter 2732 24th
140 Sixth 210 Grant ave 1419 Polk 9
475 Halffht 1S19 Dtvlsadero 705 Larkin H
3285 Mission 30C6 Sixteenth 146 Ninth m
2008 Fillmore 521 Montg'y ave 355 Hayes H
366 Third 2510 Mission B2 Market H
469 Fourth 2C6 Third gg
I and Trimmings
I Commencing Monday B
H INTERESTING because of the magnificent goods of- fl
B A fered. Important because of the improbability of a §
H like opportunity coming again. Our Millinery Depart- H
Q ment has been at the top for so long that there is no B
|jj need to argue its merits here. What we want to impress B
H upon you is the importance of this Sale, when prices are fa
H reduced so generously and values are so very good. U
I Those who have not yet purchased Fall Hats will surely u
B come, and those who have decided to do their own trim- D
M ming cannot afford to allow these trimrning bargains to g
m P ass - ' 0
I $1.50 Walking Hats 5Q C $4.50 Dress Hats $2.50 1
B Some in the lot are worth as rhlffon and Chenille braid hit* 0
M hish as ?2.50. Greatest values we Cnirron ana cnennie Dram nats m
81 have ever offered. Too many styles in black only. This does not limit B
Q to dpsciibe here. See them, that's tne assortment, for the shapes and Kg
D the wa >'- trimming ideas are varied. This U
B $3.OO French Sailors $ J .95 Is one of the principal attractions H
1$ Newest colors, latest trimming In the sale * 3
H ideas, great assortment. Your ?
H chance of the season. We also $7.50 Trimmed Hats CJ, 5ft i
gj have some Walking Hats at the «p*ff»«JV/ u
e| same reduction. ,_ . ,. , fcj
l3 . . ¦ . A- most magnificent line — velvet PI
B $4.50 Walk'ng Hats $2.50. hats in black, brown, a combina- B
¦ - Some French Sailors at this tion blue and green; braid hats, all B
M price, too. The Walking Hats are ri< ; n in co i O r and handsome in n
I Sff3n R .? 1 i.w an iloS ha ft.-ar. itfJMJ We expect these hats to 1
B ors are line — you'll say so, too. lead them all to-morrow. |i
§ TRIMMINGS AT HALF I
B You naturally expect to pay. All the bright new fall styles — the new- B
B est ideas are here at prices that will give your fall hat style for little H
0 cost. If you have the knack of doing your own trimming don't over- B
Ef look this great sale. m
Q $2.50 Black Ostrich Plumes »1 .0."5 I
Ef $3.00 Black Ostrich Plumes. 81.115 H
M S5c to $1.00 Fancy Breasts; Birds — Black and Col- >8 8T — M
M ored; Parrots: Wings; Military Pompons: all. fcfiJjC M
M worth from 85c to $1. Sale price *^ w g]
H 45c Coque Pompons. ....... .2I»e I 25c Ornaments lOc Q
¦I 15c and 25c Quills. • -5c 1 50c and 75c Ornaments 2oC N
I .j^^P Children's Hats, 95c 8
H The regular $1.50 Mohair hats, like the pic- H
Eg " ture; all colors; great school hats; great chance -H
8 Tam O'Shanters, 29c I
H A'^* t *^ s^'V}\ ¦ We have sold hundreds of them at 65c They ga
M " 1 , are the "woolly" kind and come in all desirable ¦
m& .. ' colors. . , wm
SARSAPARILLA
PILLS
iChocolate Coated)
For Constipation, Bil-
iousness, Sick Headache,
Dyspepsia, Pimples, Sal-
low Complexion, Torpid
Liver, Etc.
They Cool,
Cleanse and
Purify the Blood
: I
ioc, 25c, at all Druggists'.
Centemeri
Kid Gloves
have moved to
109 Grant Ave.,
Bet. Qeary.ati'd Post SfcC>^SAN QUENTIN INVESTIGATION REVEALS NO EVIDENCE OF CRUELTY
THE charge that Warden
Tompkins had abused the
use or the straitjacket at
San Quentin failed utterly
of substantiation at an investi
gation made by the board of
<Urcctors yesterday. Convict
Adam Stroh, who was said to
have been the victim of cruel
and Inhuman punishment, de
nied absolutely that undue suf
fering was inflicted on him.
He assured the board that his
health was not Impaired nor did
he afterward feel any ill effects
whatever from his experience of
being laced up for ninety-five
hours. That he deserved pun
ishment in a severe form, pos
session of a vial of morphine
being his offense, was frankly
admitted by, the prisoner.
The Warden and subordinate
officers were examined search-
Ingly and they nil testified that
as soon as Stroh was released
from the jacket he was able to
walk away, to take a bath and
to climb four flights of stairs
the next morning to the dun
geon. The inquiry developed
no evidence of cruelty wliatcver
in the management of the peni
tentiary, and the directors were
disgusted with their waste of
time over fake reports.
DIRECTORS ANNOYED
BY SILLY REPORTS
PRINCIPAL, WITNESSES AT TESTEK DAY'S INQUIRY BY THE PRISON DI
RECTORS INTO THE ALLEGED MISUSE OF THE STRAITJACKET. THE
CONVICT WHO WAS PUNISHED DENYING THE TRUTH OF CHARGES.
Watch Our Show Windows.
We are offering attractive specials in
groceries, wines and liquors. Rath Jen
Company, 139 Mason st. Phone,
South 893. V. • . *
. The opening of St. Brigid's Church
bazaar took place last night in the
new church building on Van Ness ave
nue,' near Broadway, and proved' a big
success. . The " nave of the church,
which is as yet unfinished, afforded an
excellent place in which to hold "the
affair. The building was 'beautifully
lighted and on each side, between the
large pillars, , were placed, the booths,
loaded down with articles. for sale.
The: booths' were' all' in' charge of
pretty women, members of the parish,
and the articles for, sale were dainty
and quite reasonable. A separate
booth for, dispensing refreshments, was
a : feature- of the" evening and did a
rushing. . business. Music - was fur
nished •: by members of* the church
choir.
The proceeds of the..bazaar will go
to the church fund as there is still a
great amount of work to dp; before
the church will be ready for its "first
service. ¦ The j bazaar will continue for
two weeks. - -.' ;; ¦ ;' ] H^V-'^ r - "' '¦
Church Is Crowded With Visitors,
Wlio Enjoy Themselves at the
Various Booths.
ST\ BRIGID'S BAZAAR
OPENING SUCCESSFUL
The money paid Into the court by
the surety company has all been used
In paying part of these claims. The
Dean Law and Collection agency had
in charge eight claims, handling
about $1500 of the defalcations on as
signments. Some creditors will not
receive anything, as all the money
represented by Weidler's bond has
been paid out.
Weidler's whereabouts may be
known to a few of his friends, but the
authorities have been unable to find
him. He. is said to have written re
cently to acquaintances in this city
that he is working in a northern State
for $1 a day, but expects soon to be
in Canada.
OAKLAND. Oct. 8. — Final settle
ment has been made by the United
States Fidelity and Guarantee Com
pany of the claim of the county for
ex-Constable Edward Weidler's bond,
amounting to $2000. The last install
ment of this amount was paid into
Justice Quinn's court yesterday.
Weidler left this city four months
ago, having appropriated to his own
use money collected by him as Con
stable. Claims against him aggregat
ing thousands of dollars have been
filed by persons whose cases he han
dled and whose money he collected
and used.
Corporation Is Obliged to Reimburse
In Part Creel I tors WIio Have
Claims Against Wcidlcr.
SURETY COMPANY PAYS
BOND OF EX-CONSTABLE
Maguire was a striking example of
the need of the straitjacket. With the
obstinacy of a mule he refused to an
swer questions. He was in the jacket
for twenty-four hours and has since
been in the dungeon, but he is deter
mined not to work. His plea is Illness,
which the physician declares positively
to be a sham. He declared his side
bore marks of the straitjacket, but aa
examination revealed none. i ;•'-'.-
Director-. Felton spoke vigorously of
the very unsatisfactory lighting and
power servjse by the Bay Counties
Power Company. The lights dicker con
stantly, and freq>entlythe power cur
rent falls, compelli.\5 the Jute mill to
be shut down. The CSirectors have lost
patience with the corporation officials.
Felton and Wilkins were appointed a
committee to obtain estimates of the
cost of erecting an elec'.ri* plant at the
prison, with a view of providing an in
dependent supply.
The board has reason, to be discour
aged with the paroling It prisoners, for
eight men released on probation have
resumed their criminal careers. There
are fifty men out </n parole in the
State, hov.-ever, who are leading indus
trious and upright lives.
Those paroled yesterday were Charles
Young. Pedro Yannes, Bert Clayton.
David .Wieler, Francis Stevens and £•
B. Radley.
Thomas Magulre, convicted of rob
bery in Alameda, was brought before
the board for its instruction as to how
ht> shall be compelled to •work. Warden
TVmpkins has given up the task.
"Why are you unwilling to work?"
"I never did work."
"How did you live without working
when you were free?"
"By stealing."
IX NEED OF JACKET.
them," added Felton with vehemence.
Harry Oppenheimer. murderer and
guilty of several assaults with knives
on prison guards and convicts, sent a
letter to the board, asking to be let out
of solitary confinement, to which he
has been subjected during the last five
years. No attention was paid to the
request. Oppenheimer Is vicious and
Warden Tompkins said It would be
dangerous to release him from the
cell.
Among, the late arrivals here is
Thomas G. del Rosario, the Provincial
Governor of Bataan, who is returning
to the Philippines after a visit to this
country. Governor Rosario Is also a
member of the Advisory Board of
Public Instruction and .the attorney
for . several arominent societies in the
Philippines.
George A. Jones, civilian attache of
the United States quartermaster's de
partment, arrived from Washington
yesterday and is registered at the-Oc
cidental.
E. F. Hutton of the New York Stock
Exchange, who has been here on busi
ness connected with his San Francisco
branch, leaves for home to-day.
Francis. W. Smith, formerly assist
ant manager of the Young Hotel in
Honolulu, has been appointed chief
clerk at the Hotel del Monte.
Claus Spreckels and Mrs. Spreckels,
accompanied by their son, A. B.
Spreckels, returned last evening from
a several months' sojourn in Europe!
•A. A. Wright, chief clerk of the
Hotel Portland, and his wife arrived
at the St. Francis yesterday.
Telfair Creighton of Los Angeles,
who is interested in oil wells in South
ern California, is at the Occidental.
Lieutenant Colonel C. A. Smart of
Montreal and Edward R. Wilkinson
of Brockville, Ontario, are at the Pal
ace.
H. H. Forney, a railroad man of
Los Angeles, is staying at the Grand.
William Pierce, a well known young
capitalist of Suisun, is at the Palace.
C. J. Hurrle, president of the glass
works at Stockton, is at the Occiden
tal.
E. L. Metzger and Howard Butcher
Jr. of Philadelphia are guests at the
Palace.
Fred McNeil, a prominent railroad
man of Chicago, and his wife are at
the St. Francis. /
Dr. E. H. Rich of Salt Lake is at
the Occidental.
Ira Bronson, an attorney of Seat
tle, is at the Grand.
L. A. Mclntosh, a mining man of
Chlco, is at the Grand.
Baron de Gotlene of Vienna is regis
tered at the St. Francis.
Charles H. de Lancy, U. S. N., is
staying at the St. Francis.
W. J. Way and wife of Chicago are
staying at the St. Francis.
R. J. Trimble, a mining man of
Towle, is at the Occidental.
Former State Assemblyman C. B.
Jillson of Napa is at the Grand.
R. H. Herron, an oil supply man of
Los Angeles, is at the St. Francis.
A. W. Stewart, a stockman of Court-,
land, arrived at the Grand yesterday.
PERSONAL.
Testimony was taken of. Warden
Tompkins, Dr. Philip Casey, Chief
Turnkey BertB. Swan, Lieutenant , of
the Guard D. J. Sullivan and Sergeant
J. H. Murray, but in no place could
the probe find any evidence of cruelty.
The Directors were very much in
earnest in the inquiry. Senator Felton,
as soon as it was opened, declared that
he wanted the allegations sifted to the
bottom ' and • Messrs. . Fitzgerald, Ray
and Devlin expressed themselves like
wise. The end -filled them with dis
gusts They simply dropped the whole
matter without formal action and went
on to other business. •
Not only was valuable time wasted
by the Directors in .investigating
charges that . had no basis of fabric,
but a serious step had been .unwitting
ly taken toward demoralization of dis
cipline in the penitentiary. Convicts
will go to any bounds if they think
they can cause unpleasantness through
newspaper and other criticisms for
those who guard and rule them behind
the bars and walls.' '. . ' : , i<
\ The board convened at- the prison at
10 a. m. and did not finish its work till
5 p. m. President Fitzgerald was on
hand, notwithstanding: his letter to
Governor Pardee that he could attend
no more sessions and that his succes
sorrnust be . appointed at . once. The
accusation that Tompkins was ruling
Stroh thought that Warden Tomp
kins ought to believe his story as to
how he obtained the'drug— that it was
given him by an outgoing "prisoner.
He insisted that this was the truth
after he was in the straitjacket for
ninety-five hours, and did so still when
before the board yesterday. The Di
rectors did not give him credence, how
ever, and it was apparent that Stroh
was upholding the rigid . convict law
never, to disclose the channel of drug
supply through- the prison walls.
. WASTE OF TIME*
Reports that cruel use of the strait-
Jacket was being made at the San
Quentin prison were investigated by
the Board of Directors yesterday and
found to be absolutely without found
ation.
Adam Stroh, a burglar convict from
this city, who was alleged to have been
the victim of treatment that almost
caused his death,- testified that, out
side the usual discomfiture and mental
angvish, the only pain he suffered was
from cramps of the stomach, and this
only for a 'period of twenty minutes..
He admitted having in his possession
a vial of morphine, and. told the Di
rectors that he deserved punishment
for the serious infraction of the rules,
lie said that no permanent ill resulted
from his experience in the jacket.
When asked if he had any complaint
to make the prisoner answered that he
had norKSsatid further assured the Di
rectors that it was absolutely neces
sary to have some form of severe pun
ishment to hold out to convicts in or
der to maintain discipline among
them.
Felton and Wilkins were delegated
to invesUsate the officers' quarters and
the- requests for other small improve
ments at San Quentin. ."• • • -
"Those- officers' quarters are a
shame and a disgrace," commented
Fitzgerald...
"Yes, they are, and something ought
to be done right away to improve
gency." ¦
Commissioner Felton again gave em
phatic indorsement to the report of the
Public Charities and' Reform Board,
and Devlin was delegated to prepare a
statement forthwith of the situation,
outlining the needed improvements for
presentation* to Governor Pardee and
for- the enlightenment of the Legisla
ture. ,. • - ' •'•
"The men whom we employ to guard
the prison receive no more than $50
a month and board, and it is utterly
impossible to get the kind of men we
ought to have in those very respon
sible positions. Something must be
done to help out the penitentiaries, and
I cannot speak too forcibly, of the ur-
"Owing to lack of funds the institu
tions are dependent on the men whom
it is our aim to confine and punish.
Even our telegraph operator here is a
convict, and the messages concerning
the affairs of the prison pass through
his hands.
CONVICTS IX POWER.
The rrlost important business trans
acted at the meeting was a vigcrrous
indorsement of the recent report of the
State Charities and Correction Board,,
in which the deplorable conditions at
California's two penal Institutions, re
sulting from the parsimonious course
c-f the State, was forcibly brought" to
public attention.
Felton suggested that the board
should malce- a report to tne Uovernor
and the Legislature, setting forth the
improvements urgently needed, in the
prisons. President Fitzgerald here
spoke up.
"Unless there is a change in the ap
propriation of funds," he said, "and
If "no -more liberality is shown the pen
itentiaries, the conditions of maintain
ing them will certainly be discourag
ing. The situation now is deplorable,
and the State simply must set aside
money to relieve It. We have to keep
five or six men in some cells. With
our woeful lack of room it is absolutely
impossible to segregate the hardened
criminals from those for whom there
is hope of reform.
"All the books of the prisons are
kept by convicts, and we must trust
them with our most important affairs.
They might falsify or destroy records
and cause the most serious complica
tions. Those connected with the man
agement of the penitentiaries arc sit
ting on volcanoes. They could easily
be entangled at any time in charges of
mismanagement and wrongful acts.
with . unwarranted severity, however,
brought the Director away from his
office for the day.
PRISONS ARK CRIPPLED.
With a heavy knotted cane held over
her head by a husband who she
feared would kill her, Mrs. Jennie Low
enthal, wife of H. H. Lowenthal, the/
attorney, was compelled, she says, to
deed all of her property to him. A
month later the . Superior Court de
clared Lowenthal ' incompetent and J.
Bernhard was appointed his guardian.
Yesterday Mrs. Lowenthal began suit
to have the deed set aside. She says
that s.hs signed . the document under
duress and menace, against her will
and without consideration. -
Her husband, according to the com
plaint, v*as mentally incompetent and
acting under insane delusions. He
presented a blank form of deed for her
to sign and, holding the cane over her
head, threatened to kill her if she did
not do his will. She declares that he
was in the habit of carrying a loaded
revolver, and she feared that he then
had the weapon in his -pocket and
would use it. Although \signing the
deed she says she did not appear be
fore . the notary, and the purported
acknowledgement Is not correct-
Airs. Lowenthal alleges that the
property was conveyed to her by her
husband when he was in full health
and in control of his mental -faculties.
The lots are located at Ridley street
rind Elgin Park, on Baker street near*
Grove, on Clay street near Devisadero
and on Washington- street near Baker.
Henry K. AVolff is the plaintiffs at
torney.
When Bernhard was appointed Low
enthal's guardian it was shown that
the latter was suiferinsr*from locorr.o
tor ataxia and was unable "to care for
his estate, worth about $30,000.
H. H. Lowenthal's Wife Says
He Compelled Her to Con
vey Valuable Property
SIGNS A DEED
UNDER THREAT
They say, however, that. the present
rain cloud is the largest in existence
and hovers over the entire Pacific slope
from the Rockies to the Pacific Ocean
and from the Mexican line to the north
as far as weather reports are obtain
able. Only one little section of this
vast area is unvisited by the downpour
and that is Arizona and a portion of
New Mexico. These Territories, how
ever, have had their share of heavy
rains during the summer.
The rain clouds above are almost Im
movable and there is no promise of a
high wind to drive them away. Thun
derstorms have visited Red Bluff, Sac
ramento and Fresno. The Weather
Bureau does not expect to hear of any
great loss at those places, as its warn
ing bulletins were posted twenty-four
hours in advance of the storms. There
ia a strong southwest wind developing
in Southwestern Utah, but it is pre
dicted that its force will be spent be
fore reaching California!
The rainfall yesterday was .54 of an
inch, a slight increase over Friday's
precipitation.
It is almost useless for the citizens of
San Francisco to appeal to the Weath
er Bureau for relief from the rains.
The only encouragement given out at
weather headquarters is the fact that
the conditions are abnormal. It might
be assumed from this that a snow
storm is in order, but the Weather Bu
reau officials will not go" this far in
their prediction.
Weather Bureau Says Storm
Is Immovable and Covers
the Entire Pacific Slope
PRESENT RUN
FAR REACHING
NEW YORK. Oct S. — George Arents
Jr., a New York millionaire, lies dy
ing at a hospital in Long Island, and
his chauffeur, Carl Meusel, is dead as
a result of the automobile race for the
cup offered by William K. Vander
bilt Jr.
Arents' car was wrecked by tires
slipping. The chauffeur was taken to a
hospital, horribly mangled, where he
died half an hour later. Arents was
also taken to the hospital, where It was
found he was suffering' from a cerebral
hemorrhage, and at an early hour to
day he was not expected to live.
His family has been summoned to
his bedside.
The committee considering the pro
test lodged by M. Clement disallowed
the protest at an early hour this morn
ing:. Heath, who finished first, was
declared the winner.
The official time was given out as
follows:
Elapsed Correrted
N*uie. Time. Time.
H««th ti:f)6:45 5:98:45
Clement 6:58:13 5:2S:13
No time was taken for the other con
testants.
The- story of the race itself is one
of intense excitement and nerve-ten
sion. After running for seven hours,
sometimes at a speed of sixty to nine
ty miles an hour, faster than many
express trails, George Heath, an
American, driving a ninety horsepower
vehicle of foreign make aSid repre
senting the Automobile Club of
France, finished first in the run of
COO miles, with Albert Clement, repre
senting the same dub and driving an
eighty horsepower machine, also of
foreign make, one minute and twenty
eight seconds behind him.
CLEMENT ILNTEIIS PROTEST.
When the two men flashed by the
judges' stand the crowds' in the grand-
Ktands rose in a body and cheered, re
lieving the tension of nerves that held
the crowd for eo many hours. Clement
in a protest declared that he had been
held up in Kempstead over a minute
and a half and that if this had been
allowed him he would have won the
race. He said that his gasoline tank
broke in Hempstead and that time was
taken on him while he was repairing
it, contrary to the conditions of the
race. He also asserted that his time in
control had been charged against him.
Like all previous races of the kind,
there was a chapter of accidents and a
fatality. The victims were among par
ticipants ;n the contest. Fortunately,
none of the spectators along the course
were hurt.
The man killed was Carl Meusel, a
chauffeur, who was driving the car of
George Arents of New York. The ac- !
c-ident was caused by the tires slipping j
and it occurred about 8 o'clock/ two
hours after the start. The car was
traveling at a tremendous rate and was
approaching a curve when it suddenly
swerved and turned over. Meusel was
caught beneath the machine, while
Arents was thrc-wn to one side. Both
men were taken to a hospital, where
ilcusel died half an hour later. Arents*
car was demolished.
The race was started at 6 o'clock. The
course was over a thirty-mile triangle,
with turns that were sharp and dan
gerous. At two places the railroad
crossed the highway at grade and
these places were guarded by signal"
men. Twice at these crossings Gabriel,
ci French motorist, narrowly missed
being struck by a train, in one in
stance running but two feet ahead of
a. locomotive. The starters in the race
were:
EIGHTEEN* CARS START.
Horsepower. Driver. Representing:.
™ A. U Campbell Germany
*2 Gabriel Franca
«° Joseph Tracy America
6*» A. C. Webb America.
*» G. Arents Jr Germany
-< H- H. Lyttle America
'"• U e £ h r France
J* *• D. Hawley Germany
* £ ei ? er .".....Germany
'.}¦¦).... P. Saororl Italv
M •«• B*"»»n .'"JYance
**> Clements Prance
S r**f :£2£
80 Teite Franca
30 • C Schmidt America.'
73 .Frank Grokcr "lEeriS
€0 Luttfren Germany
90 William Waltao Italy
After the first car was off, promptly
at 6 a. m., the others followed at two
minute intervals. The Vanderbilt car
was out of order when it came to start
and it was more than two hours late
when it was ready. A flying start in
violation of the rules was made, but
the car kept on. It was officially
barred, however.
The first accident of the day occurred
when car No. 19, driven by "Waltao,
stopped for repairs at Hefnpstead. The
Thousands Cheer as
Eighteen Starters
Fin Around Track
\V. C. Storek the secretary of the
Leather Workers' Union, who was re
ported to the police as missing, has
turned up safe and sound. He did
not run away with the funds of the
union, as some supposed, nor was he
kidnaped by emissaries of the .Citi
zens' Alliance, as others hinted. ¦ He
simply had a severe tumble from his
perch on the water, wagon, imbibed
too freely with strangers, engaged in
a poker game and lost not only his
own money but some of the funds of
the union as well. He appeared at
the headquarters of the union yester
day a sadder but wiser man.
According to his story, Storek left
the headquarters of the union at 927
Mission street about midnight Thurs
day and went to the corner of Fifth
and Market streets to catch a car. He
had in his possession the books of the
union and $325 belonging to the or
ganization, which he had expected to
use in paying strike benefits. While
standing on the corner he was ap
proached by a glib stranger and after
the two had had several drinks to
gether a third person was introduced
and a quiet game of cards proposed.
The men seemed to be such good
fellows' that Storek was thrown com
pletely off his guard and readily con
sented to take chances of winning or
losing a few dollars. The trio went to
a gambling house , on, O'Farrell street
and played poker. > Storek lost all his
own money and then began to draw
from the funds of the union. The
game seemed so one-sided that his
suspicions were aroused and he - quit
the party, only to sit down at another
table with "other strangers/* "When^ne
finally 1 quit the game he was. out about
$235. He promises to refund 1 to the
union all the money he lost.
After quitting the game Storek did
not at once go home, but took a : room
in a downtown' hotel. His- mother,
alarmed at his unusuaL absence, noti
fied the police and the Coroner.
Storek gave an excellent description
of his companions to the police and
yesterday afternoon Harry Walters, a
well-known bunko man, was arrested
by Detectives Ryan and Taylor and his
name placed on the detinue book at
the city prison.
SLIPPING TIRE
COSTS A LIFE
Takes a Hand With Strang
ers and Loses Money Be
longing to Organization
SITS IN A LITTLE GAME
Heath, 5 hours, 26 minutes, 45 sec
onds; Clement, 5 hours, 28 minutes, 13
seconds.
At 8:30 o'clock Teste was first, Heath
second, Clement third and Gabriel
fourth. Heath, however, finished the
fourth round in the lead as to actual
time. Hawley quit at the end of the
round.
SIXTY-THREE MILES AN HOUR.
Heath continued to lead until the
eighth lap, when he was delayed by
trouble with his tire, and Clement
passed him. At the 150-mile point, at
the end of the fifth round, the standing
was: Heath first, Gabriel second, Clem
ent third, Lytttle fourth, Teste fifth.
Heath's average speed in the first half
was sixty-three miles an hour.
Heath after the delay finished his
eighth lap and entered on the ninth at
terrific speed. Clement, who started
later than Heath, was now three min
utes in the lead, official time. The ex
citement in the grand stand began to
increase. Clement had only a lead of
one minute and forty-eight seconds en
tering the last lap, according- to the of
ficial announcement. Heath had gained
a minute on him, but it did not seem
that he would wipe out the two min
utes remaining.
On the two men came to the finish
line, the crowds cheering and yelling 1 ,
throwing hats into the air and wav
ing handkerchiefs, coats and canes —
on came the ponderous machines, puf
fing, chugging and snorting like jug
gernauts — there was silence in the
crowd, the machines whirred, and
then one flashed across the line. It
was driven by Heath and was followed
one minute and twenty-eight seconds
later by Clement and America's first
big race for automobiles had been
run.
The official elapsed time for the en
tire course of 300 miles is:
The four remaining in the race and
who were from two to three laps be
hind at the finish, were called off with
out being allowed to finish, it being
found impossible to keep the crowd
any longer under control after the ex
citing race between Heath and Cle
ment.
Heath passed Queens in the second
round in second place, having jumped
from seventh to fourth place in the
first round, and to second place in the
second round. At the third round Heath
finished seven minutes Ana fifty-eight
seconds ahead of Gabriel.
machinist, Antonio Bonder!, was under
the vehicle when it started without
warning and the rear wheels passed
over his body. His Injuries are not se
rious, however.
SPECTATORS PANIC-STRICKEN.
'"The machine owned by E. R. Thomas
and driven by Hawley while making
one of the turns swerved from the road,
ran upon grass along the road and
narrowly missed crashing into a tree.
Spectators were panic-stricken, but the
danger soon passed. Later the Thomas
machine broke down and retired from
the race.
Frank Croker's daring driving was a
feature that brought spectators to their
feet. After the fourth time around the
thirty-mile triangle, however, his ma
chine had sustained injuries that put it
out of the running.
There was a continuous bursting of
tires at one point in the course that
aroused suspicion- Investigation show
ed that a quantity of sharp nails and
broken glass had been thrown on the
roadway. To this cause was due the
retirement of a number of the ma
chines early in the race.
Of the eighteen starters but eight
remained in the race at the fifth round
of the triangle, or when the race was
half over.
Heath covered the last lap of thirty
miles at the rate of 7: miles an hour.
His average speed during the ten laps
was 52 miles an hour.
American Driving a
French Cap Leads
bB Narrow Margin
Missing Secretary of Leath
er Workers' Union Turns
Up, but the Cash Is Gone
STOREK TELLS
OF BUNKO MEN
HEATH FINISHES FIRST
IN AUTO RACE MARKED
BY DEATH AND DARING
Pages 37 to 48
Piges37to48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1904.
Convict Stroh Denies Charge of Inhurnan
Use of Straitjacket on Him.The second half was just long
enough for the Indians to score. For
fifteen minutes there was no advant
age gained on either side, the ball
hovering about the fifty-yard line.
Then after cleverly stealing the ball
the savajjes started down the field
with a big warwhoop. The cardinal
It was Williams, the old Carlisle
fullback, who carried the pigskin for
the touchdown. A moment later Nea
fus missed an easy goal, leaving the
score 6 to 0, with the Indians ahead.
There were three minutes left to play
and there was" a kick-off, a. buck and
five yards'' more' gam"; for" the' redskins
before the referee's whistle closed the
contest. • •. ¦ ¦-. . ¦
The Stanford team went on the field
confident of victory. It : came - near
scoring early .in the first half. Tom
aslni kicked, off to Neafus. the clever
Indian quarter-back, but • Brennan
downed him before any gain could be
made. . The Indians were forced to
kick at once, the cardinal line holding
solid on two bucks by Williams. It
was then Stanford worked the ball
from the center of the field to Sher
man's fifteen-yard line. The redskins
stopped the advance here, taking the
ball on downs and booting it away out
of danger. After that tlje two teams
see-sawed in the center of the field,
alternately bucking for a few yards
and then being forced" to klckJ
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 8.
In a close, hard game, where every
foot of ground was disputed by twen
ty-two trained pieces of fighting ma
chinery, the Sherman Indian football
team to-day succeeded in bruising its
way over the goal line during the last
four minutes' play of the second half,
thereby making the only, score of the
day and administering a clean defeat
to Stanford's trained eleven.
Fullback Williams was a source of
tremendous strength to the Indians.
It was his determined fa'ce that was
at the bottom of every pile, his de
fensive work being nothing short of
marvelous. Just at the close of play
he suffered a severe injury, tearing the
ligaments above the elbow of his left
arm. Payne, the Indian halfback,
came out with a sprained shoulder.
No other player was seriously hurt.
The line-up of the two teams follows:
Sherman Indiana Position. • Stanford
Tones L. E. R. -Smith-Derby. Moore
Luko L. T. R Tomaslni
Albanez L. G. R-Morzlngw-Zimmermn
Saur.ders Center Shields- Nlssen
Blacktooth R. G. L Van Sickle-Smith
Lubo R. T. L Thompson-Horton
Boles (c.) R. E. L Clark
Nekfud Quarter Stoll-Laumeister
Payne L.. II. R-.Trowbrldsre-Packard
**.¦*•• R - H - L. Brennan-Crow
W llliams Fullback Weller-Bogle
Coach Lanagan was disappointed at
the showing of his varsity eleven. It
had rained all Friday night and the
sawdust field was slippery, though not
heavy and "the backs had a hard time
getting: under way. Stanford's great
est-gains were made on bucks outside
of tackle and on straight plunges
through the line. If anything, Stan
ford had -the advantage, in the first
half, both in the line -and in the .back
field, but in the second half the In
dians clearly outplayed the. college
team.
line seemed unable to withstand the
sorties of the redskin backs. Just out
side of left tackle and. clear around
right end were the most inviting
places and the Indians kept at work
until they had the ball on the two
yard line.
"12-98-6." called quarter-back
Xeafua. A moment of strained sus
pense followed and then "Williams tore
through center for the hard fought
touchdown, presenting the game to
his teammates. '
Sherman Indian Team Scores Touch
down During Last Four Minutes
of the Play.
Two-bane hits — Frislt, Mohler. Three-base
hits — Blankenshlp, .- McCreedle, Holland. Left
on base* — Portland 0. Seattle 8. Hit by pitched
ball — Thielman,. Nadeau. Sacrifice hits — Van
Haltren. Blankenrhlp (2), Smith. Time of
frame — One hour and 33 minutes. Umpire—
Davis. ... . , ... . . .,,.:¦'
Appointed Chief of the Gendarmerie.
.. ST. PETERSBURG, pet. 8.—Gener
al Rldzovsky, under-Se'cretary of the
Interior, has been appointed chief of
the Gendarmerie, -which is virtually di
vorced from the ministry of the inte
rior, although nominally under its
control.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. IVt.i ' W. L.' Pet.'
Tacoma 42 2G .CIS Oakland ....:« 85 .4W
Los Ang 35 28 .50il's«»n.£ 1 ran....:<V 37 .448
Seattle 37 W .S23iPortland ...25 43 ,3W*
TACOMA, Oct. 8. — Both './. teams
played an even game to-day. Los An
geles had the luck and ran ."bases'bet
ter than Taconra. The home team was
saved a shutout by Mclaughlin's
home run in the ninth. Score: "• ¦ i>
Tacoma — Los AntreJe««— •» ' ".'
A.B. n. II. P.A. A.B. II. II. P.Al 1
! Doyle, rf 4 0 13 0 Bernd.cf 2 .0 1 1 0
i Phe«n.3b 3 0 0. 1 1 Fle-ofl.>2b 3 1' -1 2 -8
T:a**t.2b :« " O 1 ' 3 S 6mlth.3b 2 1 0 ' 1 ' 3
Kacan. s 3 0 0 1 2!Cravat,rf 3 0 2 2 .1
Lynch.cf 4 0 2 4 O;I)r:irh.lb 4 0 0 12 0
MrLRh.lf 4 1 1 '2 o: Toman, a 4 0 0 3 3
Urahm.e 4 0 14 OiRoss It? 4 0 1 0 1
Hok-an.lb :» 0 18 3<Rplet, c 4 0 0 b I
FitztiLp - X 0 0 1 2|Gray. p. 3 0 0 0 1
I Totals. 31 1 7 27 111 Totals . 20 "i~B 2T 15.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1—1
Base hits 3 2 0 0 0 1 00 1— 7
Los An»eles 0 0 0 1 <> 1 v 0- 0 0—2
Base hits 10 0 .0 0 .2 0' 1 1—6
,. . ;?, .; SUMMARY." -
Errors — Earan, Toman, ; Cray. Struck out —
By Fitxrerald Z, by Gray B. Basen 6n balls —
By Fitxserald .3. by Gray 3. Hit by pitcher —
Slieehan. Smith. Passed ball — Graham. Home
rcn— McLaurhlla. Two-base hit — Cravath; «a<?
> xlflct bits— Flood. Smkh, CravatU. Fli»l b*a*
Errors — Drcnnah. Stanley, Spencer (2), Frisk
Smith. Earned runs — Seattle 5, Portland 1.
Stolen bane* — Smith. Delehanty,' Thielman
N-fcd-uu, Mohler- ' Base* on balls— Oft Williams
3. Struck out— By Williams 3, by Thielman L
si'MMAnr.
Thiolman, afl over "the field- - to-day
against six . scattered . hits - allowed by
Williams. ~Th& fleliilng " of .t>oth, teams
was good. The - scoter : -rv, » }.-'¦
¦Portland — --.-, - Seattle— > - •. .
AB.'R. H.P.A: AB..R. H. P.A.
Drnan.cf 5 ~0 lfrj q VnHit; cf B 'l 0 .to
MeCde.rr-5 111.' 1 0 Mohir.2b ft 3-4 2 2
Nadu. If 2 O O"2 0 Bnksp. c 3 11 4*1
Mrnhl.Sb 4 0 2 1 0 FrhrtcMt- 0- 2*2 1 0
HUnd.lb 4 1 1 17 0 Dlnty.Sb 0 1 4 11
Rknfld,2b » 0 O 2 S Smlth.rf 4 0 110
Rnklft.BS 4 0 0. 0 4 Tt.Hall.it 6 0 1.3 3
Stanley.c 1 0 0-*0 0 C.Kalt.lb ? 0 1 11 1
Thlman.p 2 " 0 0 0 B Willms.p 4 0 X 1.-5
Spencer.c 30120. — — —
..-. T»Uls.48 8 15 27 13
ToUls.33 2 « 27 IT / • . . ¦
'} IJRUNS AI*D : HITS fiV INNINGS. ' "f.
Pprtland 1. .A- 0 0 0 OVfl "!• 0 0-^2
Base hits 2 1 0 0 0 2 O 1 0— ' 0
Seattle 3 02 01 1 0 1 i>— 8
Base hlta ..'...A 0 3/2 C'l'l'l j:_15
PORTLAND, Oct,, $.— Seattle batted
Seattle Beats. Portland.
F1SH COMMISSIONERS
3IAKE MANY ARRESTS
On Wednesday last Constable B. H.
Barnes of Healdsburg arrested W. B.
Stackhouse for killing quail" during the
close season. Two days later Deputy
Fish Commissioner J. C. Ingalls and
Constable Barnes arrested George Ab
be tt and George Stackhouse for the
same offense.
On Thursday last Deputy Fish Com
missioner M. S. .Hotchkiss arrested
Adolph Gorl In Sonoma County for
trapping quail. Justice Brown of
Guerneville, fined. him $25.
Deputy Fish Commissioner S. N.
Carlile of Kern County arrested George
Halter with four vajley quail in }iis
possession. Justice Millard of Bakers
field fined him $35.
On Thursday last A. Falconl and G.
Brigantl were arrested by Deputy
Fish Commissioner '¦ J.' H.' Davis for
having small striped bass in their pdS-
Entire State Looking After
Gainc-Law Breakers:
Deputies Are Bnsjr; Throughout the
Ilerrera Defeats Tracey.
HELENA, Mont:. Oct. 7.— Aurelio
Ilerrera was given the decision to
night over Kid Tracey of Butte in the
fifth round, one of the tetter's seconds
stepping into the ring in. order to save
hi;: ,man from further punishment.
Boxer Mike MeAullfTe. Dies.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— Mike Mc-
Auliffe, once famous as a middle
weight prize fighter, died to-night of
heart failure. ', \- ';'.;
session. Justice Browne of Vallejo
fined them $50 each.
On Friday last Deputy Fish Com
missioner A. F. Lea arrested Frank
Wight and Claude Herrlngton in XAke
County for having deer in their pos
session." Justice. Hunt of Kelseyville
fined them ?50 each.
on errors— Tacoma. 2. Los Angeles 1.; Stolen
b-tscs— (.'R»fy, Flood.. Earned runs — T»coma 1.
Liu Ar,f»l« 1. Left on bases — Tacoma" 7, Lob
Angelen 1. Double plays— Casey to Eagan to
Hosnn, Flood to Iirachear, Flood to Toman to
Lira shear. Time of gam* — 1 hour 40 minutes.
Um;-!re — Tom Brown. .
McLAUGHLIN'S HOME RUN SAVES
TIGERS FROM A WHITE COATING
MANILA, Oct. 9. — The mass meeting
of Filipinos called for the purpose of
considering the question of Philippine
independence has been postponed.
Teodoro Sandico, a former member of
Aguinaldo's Cabinet and who in 1899
signed the order for the massacre of
all foreigners and Americans in Manila,
and former Governor Reyes of Abra
province and about fifteen hundred
Filipinos,' most of them clerks, gath
ered at the appointed time, but did
not organize.
¦ Sandico advised the meeting to dis
perse and to await developments.
finndlco. Who Signed Order for Mas
sacre of Americans in Manila,
the Moving Spirit.
FILIPINOS POSTPONE THEIR
BIG INDEPENDENCE MEETING
Batteries— Lynch and Pfaelpa; Wycker and
Kllng. Umpire— .Emslie.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 8.— The National
League season ended here to-day with a double
vlctcry for the locals. The Hrat game went
eleven Inningn and the second was called In
the seventh by agreement. Attendance, 10,000
Scores:
First game— r. h. E.
lies ton ; £Y. .-.'2 10 0
Philadelphia 3 7 J
Batteries — Willis and Needham; Duggleby
and Dooln. Umpire — Johnmone.
Second jurne- R. h. E.
ISostcn 0 3 3
Philadelphia 4 5 x
Batteries— Wllhelm and Needham- Frazer
and Ketnenter. Umpire— Johnstone.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 8.— St. Louis dropped both
games to Cincinnati to-day. Th» home team
played poor- ball In both games. The secend
game was called at the end of the seventh
Inning' by agreement. Attendance. 230O
Scores :
Flnttame- r. h . e
St. Lculs 0 ,j j
Cincinnati 0 jj -j
Hatt*rie*— Nichols and Butler; Harper and
Schlelf. Umpire— Zimmer.
Stcui.d game — ' R H F
St. Louts ; 1 4 3
Cincinnati g jj ' j
Batterlf*— O'Neill and Butler; Ewing and
Schlei. Umpire — Zlmmer.
P1TTSBURG, Oct. 3.— Pittsburg wound up
the season here to-day. In keeping with Pitts
burgh hard luck all season, rain prevented a
large attendance. Attendance, 2500. Score:
K. HI. E.
Pittsburg £ « J
Chicago t 8 «, 2
BROOKLYN, Oct. 8.— The National League
season wound up to-day, no far as the Eastern
clubs are concerned. In a one-elded contest be
tween New York and. Brooklyn at Washington
Pnrk. Dalton and Gilbert of the New Tork
tram were barred from playing en account of
their interruption In the St. Loul9-New York
game at the Polo grounds Tuesday, Attend
ance, 2000. Score:
R. H. E.
New York f> 7 -
Brooklyn 0 a .. 3
Uatterles — Waltse and Marshall; Relallng.
Doceicher and Bergen. Umpires — Mcran anJ
O'Uay.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National Leasue.)
W. Ij. W:t.. W. L. Pet.
New York..l(W 47 .603 St. Loula ..75 77 .403
Chicago .... 03 SO .612 Brooklyn ... 56 07 .3<KJ
Cincinnati . 80 «3 .575 Boston .... 53 97 .35U
Plttsburg ..87 07 .3«'J Phlladel .... 32 100 .330
NATIONAL LEAGUE CLUBS MEET
IN CLOSING GAMES OF SEASON
A combined team of the Independ
ent and Thistle Association football
clubs will play a return match against
the Emerald team of the Gaelic Ath
letic Association on the Presidio Ath
letic grounds to-day, rain or shine.
The ball will be put Into play at 3
p. m.
In the first match between these two
teams the Emeralds were beaten by
the narrow margin of one point and
are determined to win to-day. The
game "will be played under Gaelic
rules, with which the association foot
ballers are somewhat familiar. The
teams will be made up of the same
players as in the first match.
ASSOCIATION IX>OTI5ALL
MEN PLAY GAELIC GAME
DENVER. Oct. 8. — Judge Marshall
of the District Court of Titan, sitting
as Chancellor In the United States
Circuit Court, to-day resumed hear
ing in the Interstate Mercantile Com
pany case for a writ of permanent in
junction agrainst members of the
Citizens' Alliance and Mine Owners'
Association to prevent their interfering
with the business of the Interstate
Mercantile Company at Cripple Creek.
After the arguments were concluded
the Judjje announced he would carry
the papers in the case to Salt Lake
and later send a notice of his con
clusion. It is understood that pending
the Judge's decision the writ of tem
porary injunction will stand.
Jmlpt* Marshall Will Render Decision
in Colorado Case After Re
turn to L'tnh.
PERMANENT I N.rUNCTION
SLIT IS CONCLV1>ED
£«rson game, this afternoon, .' -When
Princeton jv'ori. by 16' to p. "'In the* first
half Princeton did not score untllthe
last minute of play, the visitors hold
ing the. ball as long as Princeton. It
held them for downs three times.- At
one Juncture the Princeton eleven
reached the four-yard line, where they
were held for downs. In the second
half the visitors were weakened by the
early battering and touchdowns by
Simons and Fc-ulke resulted. End runs
were principally used by Princeton for
ground gains.
Syracuse— Colgate University 11,
Syracuse 0.
Springfield— University of Cincinnati
91. Wittenberg 4.
Bloomington — Indiana 12, Kentucky 0.
Charlotte^ — University of North Caro
lina 0. Davison 0.
Blackburn, Va.— Polytechnic Institute
24, Washington 0.
Knoxville— University of Tennessee
17, Maryville College 0.
• Greencastle — Depauw 18, Indiana
State Normal 0.
South Bend— Notre Dame 44, Ameri
can College 0.
Columbus— State University 24, Deni
so'n University 0.
Ames, Iowa— Ames 17, State Nor
mal 0.
Tiffin, Ohio— Heidelberg University 85,
Lima Athletic Club 0.
Nashville— Vanderbilt 68, Georgia
University 0.
Des Moines— Iowa 31, Drake 0.
Philadelphia— Pennsylvania 24, Le
high 0.
Annapolis — Midshipmen • 12, Virginia
Military Academy 0.
Hanover— Dartmouth 37, University of
Vermont .0.
Ithaca— Cornell 34, Hamilton 0. .
Wllliamsport — Carlisle Indians 10,
Bucknell 4.
Cambridge— Harvard 23, University
of Maine 0.
West Point— Cadets 18, Dickinson 0.
Minneapolis— Minnesota S5, ; North
Dakota 0.
Ann 'Arbor— Michigan 95, Kalamazoo
College 0.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 8.—Penn
sylvania State College was defeated by
Yale to-day by a score of 24 to 0. The
Yale coaches were greatly pleased over
the result, as it was the hardest Yale
has had to Dlay for several years so
early in the season. • .
PRINCETON, Nv J.. Oct. 8.— The best
defense Princeton has met yet was en
countered in the Washington and Jef-
The college boys had little difficulty
in getting through for their second
touchdown. Smock kicked forty yards
and Heitmuller sent the ball back to
the center on a return punt. The vis
itors made two ineffectual Jabs at the
line and :»unted thirty-five yards.
Kern caught the ball and- ran it back
eighteen yards before he was downed.
White pained five yards around right
end and then California was penalized
for holdlnjr. Booth tried a quarter
back run end seemed Just about to get
into easy goirig after making ten
yards, when Smock «rot around a good
interference and slammed his man to
the earth. Heitmuller punted to
Olympic's forty-yard line
One of the clubmen made an unfor
tunate fumble and a blue and gold sup-
The standard bearers of the blue and
gold christened the University of Call
lornia football field auspclously yes
terday by trimming "Pete" Smith's ag
gregation of past masters to the tune
of 10 to 0. The Olympics lost their
reet in the first half, but steadied
down splendidly after the recess.
Barring a few bad fumbles It was a
t}ne game of football. California
showed up well at Arst, but the men
seemed to lose some spirit after fifteen
minutes of play.- The field was In ex
cfllent condition, in spite of the rain,
and the ball wos not too slippery to
handle at any stage of the game. The
backs did more brilliant work than the
lines yesterday and the contest was
correspondingly more spectacular. The
Olympic boys seem to- be of the opin
ion that Stanford and California are
about on a par at present, and this
promlsc-s well for the big game.
It was Olympic's kickoff, and Smock
Bent the ball fifty yards to White, wh'»
ran it back fifteen. California punted
a return over the fullback's head, and
when SlaUer grasped the pigskin Henry
nail?d him In his tracks. Olympic
failed to connect with the necessary
live yards and it was California's ball
<^n downs. Kern made a yard -through
left tackle, Lassater bucked the cen
ter for six and White drove into the
line for two more. The ball was close
to Olympic's twenty-yard line, and the
spectators commenced to awaken. .
White covered seven yards on a tan
dem through right tackle. Then Las
sater. White and Kern kept bucking
for steady gains, until the last named
was sent over for a touchdown. The
trick took Just seven minutes. Force
made a futile attempt at a goal
SCORE AGAIN EASILY.
Al'earl and Force carried an Olympio
i man back ten yards with the 'ball on
one occasion, .and were loudly. 'cheered
from : the bleachers. California was
penalized three times during the sec-,
ond half for holding, offside and inters
ference with the opposing center.,
Sperry and Boynton had Just made
two good gains through the left side
of the line when the game was brought
to an end. The line-up was as fol^
lows: *" -- .'¦
Olympic. ¦.'•:¦¦• California/
Oc»w--h<-'n......,, ..tfr E. R — »... Henry ..Oliver.
Martin L. T. R. .'...¦'.::."... ..",Vorc«
Lnruo. tJaffcy, • 1
Matzcn U G. R Sterr.
(TavanaUKh*. Center StrouJ
Kefgaa K - % L Hafftey
McFaiMcn H. t. L:.. HeJtmulier
iRotr.Hn. l.ans K. E. L. Howard
KmtH-k (juart«r: '.Booth, KltfreHe
M<ioney, Ivsrrton.. It. H Kern. Graves, Sperry
Biahop.: • - ....... 1- H • White Mead
Slak<r »..,... Full Lasater,. Boynton
RcMt.o— Kenneth Hamilton. ! Umplro — Roy
WeJdoU. Llmsmen — Klt-lMchmldt and Doug-
Inn. Tlmers-'-Nours-e and Miller. Halves —
Twenty* minutes.. Score «—. California 10,
Olympic 0.
In the second half the visitors be
came stronger while their opponents
grew slower. Neither team came close
to scoring. Coach Hopper substituted
several men and "Pete" Smith" also
found it necessary to make changes:'
Sperry and Boynton did some excellent
bucking, and the first named got
around the end once for ten yards.
He violated one of the rirst. principles
of footbr.ll by running back, . but had
the good fortune to make a successful
detour.
OLYMPIC GETS. STRONGER.
porter was found clasping ..the pigskin
when the officials had unraveled the
tangle of humanity. Kern ?and White
madi.- three - and four yards respec
tively around left and right ends.
Then the three backs were sent at the
line one after another for steady gains
un to the Olympic ¦ three-yard line.
White was sent through for the touch
down. Force again missed" connec
tions with the goal." . . I "
There was a' considerable amount of
rough work Just before the last score
was madft.and the talk in the line in
dicated ¦ that there' "avquW soon s be a
river of blood flowing across the -new
gridiron* This trouble' was soon" ( for
gotten,.ho\ve.v.er. and for the remainder*
of the game the contestants were, al
most as polite as' French. Counts. Dur
ing the rest of the half .neither goa,l
was threatened. Just before the ref»
eree sounded his whistle, Mooney for
the Olympics made a ten-yard run off
a fake kick, but further progress from
the center was prevented by lack of
time. - --
Old Eli's Coaches Delight
ed at Showing Made
by the Blues.
Blue and Gold Men Score Two Touchdowns,
but Fail to Kick the Goals.
OLYMPIANS DEFEATED
BY CALIFORNIA ELEVEN
YALE SCORES
OFTEN AGAINST
PENNSYLVANIA
AN EXCITING INCIDENT OF THE FOOTBALL GAME AT BERKELEY YESTERDAY BETWEEN THE COLLEGIANS AND THE OLYMPIC ELEVEN.
The endurance run proposed to be
held by the Automobile Club of Cali
fornia has been declared off for the
present. L. P. Lowe, chairman of -the
executive committee of the Automo
bile Club of California, has issued a
communication to the members. In
which he states that his circular let
ter calling for entries for the San
Francisco to Los Angeles endurance
run and tour set to start on the 12th
instant elicited many replies. Enough
members to make the run successful
expressed their intention of gom?, but
most of those willing to take part In
the contest prefer that it be "held at
a later time. The principal reason
for this is the wish of the dealers to
enter cars of the most recent models.
From consideration for the wishes
of the majority, the executive commit
tee has decided to postpone the event
until next spring.
Several members of the Automobile
Club of California, among 1 theni being
George P. Fuller, whose Pope-Toleflo
car won nearly all the open races at
the Del Monte tournament, have stat
ed their intention of entering their
cars in the races to be held at Los
Angeles by the Automobile Club of
Southern California on Friday and
Saturday, the 21st and 22d Instants.
SAX FRANCISCO WOMAN' IN
ST. LOUIS SEEKS DIVORCE
Lena Harris Claims That Husband
Has Deserted Her and Their
Five Children.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 8. — Lena Hani* has
filed a suit In the Circuit Court for a
divorce from Harry Harris, alleging
that she came to St. Louis last March
from San Francisco, her former home,
to meet him, bringing their five chil
dren. Since her arrival, she asserts,
he has refused to support her. failed
to call a physician when she was sick
and finally deserted her. ! She • asks
for the custody of the children an<l
$.10 alimony.
2:20 class trot, purse $1000— Mainland
won the first, third and fourth heats in
2:12*i. 2:11)4 and 2:14 1 .£. Miss Jeanette
won the second heat in 2:14^. Dorothy
M, Grocery Maid, Electric Maiden.
Judge Phillips, Genteel and Truthful
Chimes also started.
2:15 class pace, purse $1000— Nancy H
won three straight heats in 2:0934,
2:0Si£ and 2:0$%- Delphi, Christina
Simmons. Edwin C, Bourbon, Sunny
Sleep and Gayety also started.
To beat trotting record of 2:02^—
Major Delmar won, time 2:01*4. Time
by quarters— :2S*i. :59^. 1:29?4. 2:01*4.
The track was in perfect condition.
Major De!mar appeared on the track
just after the last race was finished.
He was driven by his trainer, Alta Mc-
Donald. His pacemaker was a runner
driven by Scott Hudson. The pace
proved almost too much for the runner,
vhich gradually lagged behind. A sec
ond pacemaker was picked up at the
half. An enormous crowd had l»een at
tracted by the announcement that Ma
jor Delmar was going to start against
time. Summary:
The Wilson stake. 2:20 class pace,
purse JCOOO — Morning star won three
•traight heats In ?:05*£, 2:09% and
2:064. Baron Grattan, Fantine and Pe
rur.a also started.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Oct. 8.— Major
Detmar made a new trotting record to
day, when he circled the track tn
2:01*«. clipping a- half-second off the
record made by Cresceus at Columbus.
Major Dfchnar used no wind shields nor
other speed contrivances. Twice before
he bad euualed the record of Cresceus.
the last time at Oakley Park- The frac
tional time in his wonderful mile to-day
was: First quarter, :20?i; second quar
ter. :29*4; third, :30Vi; fourth. :32.
Speed Is So Terrific That
Two Pacemakers Are Used
to Go the Entire Route
Drivers of Cars Think They
Can Make a Far Better
Showing With New Autos
PERFECT TRACK HELPS
3IOTOEISTS SATISFIED
Peerless Horse Trots Mile
in 2.-01 3 /i. Clipping Half
Second Off Cresceus' Time
Long Race From This City
to Los Angeles Deferred
Till Some Time in Spring
MAJOR DELAMR
BREAKS RECORD
ENDURANCE RUN
IS POSTPONED
INDIANS 5 - CARDINAL MEETS DEFEAT - STANFORD 0
THE SA.V FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER !), W04.
38
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DQ F A HOME.XOW. _ */
AND BETTER YOUR FUTURE'
.Choice offers for jour consid-
eration in. to-day's REALTY
COLUMNS of THE CALL. |
ADVEKTlSK31E.Vrs.
W. Va., Hay 28, 1903.
Some years ago irhile at work, I fell
over a truck and severely injured both
of ay shins. My blood became poisoned
as 3 result, and the doctor told me I
would have running sores for life, and
that if they were healed up the result
would be fatal. Under this discouraging
report I left off their treatment and re-
ported to the use of S. S. S. Its effects
were prompt and gratifrine. It took
only a 6hort while for the "medicine to en-
tirely cure up the wares, and I am not
dead as the doctors intimated, nor have
the sores ever broke out again. Some la
years have elapsed since wliat I have de-
scribed occurred. Having been so signally
benefittedby its use I can heartily recom-
mend it as the one great blood purifier.
John W. Fundis.
Care Schmulback Brewing Co.
Chronic sores start often from a pim-
ple, scratch, bruise or boil, and while
salves, washes aad powders are beneficial,
the unhealthy matter in the blood must
be driven out or the sore will continue
to eat and spread. S. S. S. reaches
these old sores through the blood, re-
moves all impurities and poisons, builds
up the entire system and strengthens
the circulation. S. S. S. is a blood
purifier and tonic combined. Contains
S^j*^ no m^ ne f a^ what-
an °ld sorc write
¦ us ea d our physi-
vA «| dans will advise
fit-Ja K^ff Book on diseases
¦*&&¦ of the Blood free.
Tbe Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Gau
I Why Are 1
I You Weak?|
I 9 9 c3m I!
Ei V .^ i 's \ not the most £
II ' nuke such a ||
Q DR. 0. C. J0SLM. clear and |
N The Leadln* Specialist clean-cut I
H Q Q proposition If
I EVERY MAN!]
I "WcaKncss" |
M In treating ao-called "frMkaew" B
If I employ no tonics or stlmulist*. 1 1
H "Weakness" In all Its phases and ta H
H practically every ease that corae« £\
a to me for treatment la merely a H
H symptom resulting from a atsts of fj
IS chronic Inflammation existing* ta tj
53 the prostato eland. This Inflam- tl
B nation Aay be a Ungerlng result ti
Sj of some contracted dlaeaa« or may ¦
M have been brought on by early d!a- H
tl stpatlon. etc. In by far the »1
gj greater rromber of cases the Ren- tj
D eral health of the patlrat may be SI
K perfect, thers being no lack of IJ
S3 either physical or nervous ener«y- J4
¦ No stimalant» or tonics are nwJ«><l, y
¥• and if employed would only result H
H in temporary excitement «f th» C|
KJ functions and positive Injury ta ]
'¦ n the tender and already disordered £J
i H prostate. My treatment Is a local Jfj
H one entirely. It removes all In- ¦
O flammatton, swelllnc and tender- H
tl ne»."» from the prostate gland, es- ij
|M taJbll?hes normal' . circulation Si
tj thrcughout the parts and restores %i
O pern-ianent.'y and completely all y
*| natural functions. By this method H
rl alone la it poealltle t» bring com- B
rj p!ete restoration of . strength and Q
S vlscr. • r|
I Contracted Disorders B
! O Both the remedies! I use and niy pj
pi methods oi application are differ- ¦
H ent from the ordinary. Thorough H
¦ f? cures rn half the uwal time. ||
A X also treat aad thorousrMy R
1 H enre Specific Blood Poiioa. Va- 3
I f] rlcocele, Hydrocole. Stxictxurs, |
| H Piles aad all JRaSoz AUzaenti. 4
, H II Make Ho Experiment*; ¦ I I
U X Hive. Ho Failures.- j
W I My Cnr»« Are Permanent. I j
H Mr ?«• AT9 Pair said fj
H X Yga Can y>y Wn *°- Cared. X W
I lT LU-e All Your Years a Man" |
P TV.U U the title oi my pamphlet, H
Fi which la mailed free.- sealant and . B
fl . under nlaln cover to all wiia wrttf. . ..D
|| It tells of my methods of treating .M
M <5'.«ord*r!>. Consultation fr«« at f|
H «fSce or by rial'.. So is colored ' tl
: Ij chart. .';;¦; .V.V'.V-.- " . fj
I DR. 0. C~JOSLEN J
; m Corner Market and ICearnv its, . JB
f| Frlvate entrance 702 Marlctt st. . ?j
! M * Hours— Week day». 9 a. m. to ¦ B
8:CO p. m. Sundays, 10 to V- . YfBERKELEY, Oct.. 8. — "Anacapa
Island is wearing away." This is the
statement made by the Fred Johnson
party, which has just returned from
a tour of inspection. According to the
primary report the shores of the sheep
island are being eaten away at a rapid
rate. But- one man is reported to be
the: caretaker and not a drop of wa
ter is in sight for the sustenance of
the sheep." "A full report of the results
of the expedition will be "made by
Johnson "to (lie department of geology
of the- university at a later date.' .
Island Wearing Away.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.— Major J. p.
Wisser, Artillery Corps, has been de
tailed to fill a' vacancy in the Inspec
tor General's Department and assigned
to "duty in the Pacific division. •
WALMER CASTLE, Kent. England.
Oct. 8.— Lady Curzon was slighUy
better this afternoon. A third London
specialist arrived at.Walmer Castle
this morning. . -
Lady Curron Slightly Better.
British Tramp Indranal Is at Havre
Damaged, but How Seriously Is
Not Yet Known.
-HAVRE, Oct. 8. — The British
steamship Indranai, at this port from
Baltimore, has been damaged by col
liding with the Russian volunteer fleet
steamship Smolensk. The extent "of.
the damage is not yet- known.
COLLIDES WITH RUSSIAN
STEAMSHIP SMOLENSK
Takes Closing Game of the*Scason on
Home Grounds.
CHICAGO. . Oct. 8. — Two passes, two sin
gles and a double gave the locals four runs In
the seventh inning, and two singles and an
error add*d another In the eighth. Burkett
scoreJ both of the visitors' runs. Attendance
1800. Score:
R. II. - E.
Chicago S 7 . 1
St. Louis 2 4 1
Batteries — Patterson and Sullivan; Howell
and Kalioe.
DETROIT. Oct. S. — Tho finish of the season
at Bennf tt Park furnished a victory and a
defeat for the Dctroits. The grounds were
deep <n mud. Mullin pitchea both game3 for
Detroit and was hit freely in the second. At
tendance. 400. Score:
First game — R. ,H. E.
Detroit ' 2 .10 ' 0
Cleveland 1 10 I
Batteries— Mullin and Seville. Rhoades and
Buelow.
Seccnd game — R. H. E.
Detroit 0 7- : 0
Cleveland .-3 8' ' 0
Batteries — Mellin and Beville, Hess and
Buelow.
WASHINGTON. Oct. S.— Washington won
the ttrst game to-day while the second -went
to the visitors. Attendance, 1500. Scores:
First game — R. . H. E.
Washington ..12 11 2
Philadelphia • 5 :{
Batteries— Townsend and Kittrcdge; Plank,
Falrbarks and Noonan.
Second frame — - R. - H. - E.
Washington O 6 3
Philadelphia 2 " :{ ' 0
Batteries — Jacobsen, Wolfe and Clarke;
Coaklcy'and Noonan;' ¦ • •
Captures the Merrimac Stakes at Del
mar at Good Odds.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. S.— Footlights'
Favorite won the Merrimac Stakes at
Delmar track to-day at good odds. The
public choices had a good day. The
weather was clear and the track fast.
Attendance, 8000. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-old*
and up: ....
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »; Fin.
5 to 2 — Potter. 105 (Austin) 3 16 11
20 to 1 — Vin«land. 102 <Cheatam).. 2 7 14 2 h
8 to 1— Frank Rice, 105 (McLgn) 8 3 l'^rj h
Time, l;16Vj. Start rood. Won easily Win
ner, T. A. Morgan's b. c. (3) by Masetto- Force,
lain. Flyer 107. St. Winifride 102. Radium
97, Detest 102. Tangent 10T». Bombino 102, Brad
ley Bill 102, Leda Belle 97, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds:
Betting. Horse, "Weight, Jockey. St. •% Fin.
G to 1 — Jack Moran. 100 (Conway) 6 12 1 1%
4 to 1— Passive. 105 (Wolff > 4 3 1»£2 1
50 to 1— AnniBquam. 105 (Young).. 3 2 3 "Sn
Time, l:09Vj. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner, II. S. Gler & Co.'b b. g. by Mickey D-
Amella. Lady Lou 103. My Eleanor 105, John
Randolph 10f», Escobosa 105, Sand Bath 103,
Clara Dee 103. De Gramtnont 108, Liddon 108.
A Lady Fair 1C0, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— SJx furlongs; three-year-olds
and ua:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
0 to 2— Lasso. 98 (J. Conway).... 4 In In
+ to 5— Mafalda, 103 (Austin) 1 22 22
S to 1— Vestry. 107 (W. Dugan).. 2 3h 3S
Time, l:16«i. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, L.. Lemp fc Co.'wch. m. (7) by Mag
netizer-Lasca. Malster 107, aUo ran.
FOL'RTH RACE— One and an eighth mik*;
the "Merrimac"; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
5 to 1 — Footlights Fav.. 92 (Dken) 2 1 1V41 2
8 to 1 — Neversueh. 99 (W. Dugan). 5 2 10 2 3
4 to 1 — Kpencerian. 107 (Shaver). 3 « \i. 3 1
i Time, l:54»4. Start good. Won easily." Win
ner, T. A. Gay's b. f. <3) by Lamplighter-Per
formance. Taby Tosa SS, Lubln 112. Jack
Young 104, St. Agnes II S2, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE: — Six furlongs; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
» to tl — Arlena. 99 <Cheatam) 1 12 11
9 t o jo — Braden. 1O« (D. Austin) 3 2 W;23
3 to 1— Fruit, 102 <W. Dugan) 2 3 3 SO
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. Mrs. M. A. Lawson's br. f. by Water
level-Viglette. Argosy 94, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and
Betting. Hor*«. Weight, Jockey. St. ,?i Fin.
4 to a — Commodore. 100 (Troxler).. 1 1 1 141 1 .
4 to 1— The Regent. 102 (Rice) 3 3 6 2n
4 to 1— Just So. 102 <W. Dugan).. 4 2h 38
Time. 1:41 Vj. Start good.- Won driving.
Winner, J. «-'• Mllam & Co.'s ch. r. (3) by
The Comtnoner-Roisa Masso. Flora Wlllougii
by 102. Lady Strathmore 102. finished as
named. **_
SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Hort*. Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
Even— Jake Greenberg. 114 (Dugn) 3 12 12
3 to 1— King Uoee. 115 (J. Conley) 7 3 2 2 2
ti to 1 — H. 1 >ervi*h. 102 (Conway) 5 4 3 3 3
Time, I:14^i. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. «. M. Williams' br. h. (4) by Julien-
Old Muss. Laura Hunter .104, .Tribes 102, Sid
Silver 107. Atias 102. Rachael Ward 97, Thisbe
11C. finished as named. . .
It is easy to backslide if you only
hold your neighbor by, two fingers.
CHICAGO DKFKATS ST. LOUIS.
FOOTLIGHTS' FAVORITE WINS.
\notliPr Handicap for Bearcatcher.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 8. — Elm Ridge
rating results:
First race, five furlongs — Ponapa
¦won, February Blue second, Hazel
Tioberts third. Time, 1:02.
Second race, five furlongs— El Otros
won. Royal Legend second, Luretta
third. Time, l:01H-
Third race, seven and a half fur
lerss — McGee won. Princess Tulane
second, Toledo third. Time, 1:32 U.
Fourth race, the Horse Show handi
cap, one and a sixteenth miles—
Bcarcatcher won, Clifton Forge sec
ond. Bombardier third. Time, 1:45>£.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Red Rey
nard won, Envoy second, Arath third.
Time, 1:31',3.
Sixth race, mile — Ethel Wheat won,
Haviland second, Dargin third. Time,
1.-40U.
Jennings' Stable at Oakland.
Walter B. Jennings, who will race a
powerful string of horses here this
winter, arrived yesterday from the
East. He will rest up the horses he
campaigned in the East this year and
v.ill get a number of new ones from
Rnncho Del Paso.
James has been the favorite Christian
name for Presidents. We have had five
—Madison, Monroe, Polk. Buchanan
and Garfield.
FIRST GAME:
New York— i Boston—
AB.R. H. P.A.! AD.R. H. P.A.
Dghty.lf. 5 110 1 Selbch.lf \ 0 0 1 0
Keeler.rf .'! . 0 1 2 O Parent.s. t. 3 2 . 2 7
Elbrrtd.s 2 0 0 2 5 Stahl.cf.. 4 1 12 0
VVUms.2b 4 0 0 3 5 Clllns.Sb 4 .". .10 1
Andsn.cr 3 1 2 0 0 Frman.rf 4 2 10 0
lanzel.tb 4 O O 12 O LaChn.lb 4 a 1 11 O
2onroy,:?b 2 0 0 1:; Ferris,2b 5 13 S 2
McMns.c 10 0 1 O'CriRer.c. 4 0 16 2
Klelnw.o 10 0 2 OjDineen.p. 3 110 1
"hesbro.p 20102
CIrksn.p. 2 0 0 11 Totala 36 K> 13 27 13
•McGulre 10 10 0
Totals 30 2 6 24 171
?Batted for McManus in ninth inning.
RUNS BY INNINGS.
New York I 000010 00—2
Boston 0 0 0 8 2 4 1 Ox— 13
SUMMARY. . /
Errors— Elberfeld, McManus. Clarkson. Two.
base hits — Anderson 2. Freeman/ Ferris 2,* La
Chance. Sacrifice - hits^-Klberfeld. . Stalil. ,La.
Chance. First base on error — Boston. Stolen
bases — Dineen. Parent. Struck out — By Ches
bro 2 by Clarkson 1. by Dineen 5. Bases on
balls— Off Chesbro 2. oft Clarkson 2, olt Di»
neen 6. Wild pitches— Dineen. Clarkson. Hit
by pitched ball (by Clarkson) — Collins, Dineen.
Base hits— Off Chesbro 5 in four innings. Dou
ble plays— Parent to La Chance; Elberfeld to
Williams.
SECOND GAME.
New Tork — I Boston —
AB. R. II. P.A. . AB. R. H. P.A.
Dghrty.lf 3 0 11 O.Selbch.lf 2 0 0 0 0
Keeler.rf 2 0 13 0 Parent.ss 2 0 0 2 5
Elbfld,*s 2 0 0 1 1 SUhl.cr. .1 0 2 10
Wllms.2b .". 0 0 2 1 Clllns,3b 3 0 1 0 1
Andsn.cf 3 0 2 11 Fremn.rf 3 0 0 0 0
Gnzell.ib 2 0 0 5 1 I^acch.lb 3 0 10 1
Cnroy.Sb 3 0 2 12 Fcrris.2b 3 1 1 3 1
Kllnow.c 2 0 •> 7 1 Criger.c. 2 0 0 « 4
Powell, p 2 0 0 0 2iYoung,p. 3 0 0 0 1
Totals 22 0 6 21 9' Totals 24 1 5 21 13
RUNS BY INNINGS.
New York 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Boston 0 O 0 0 1 0 0 — I
Game called on account of darkness at the
end of the seventh Inning.
SUMMARY.
Errors— Conroy 2. Two-base hits— Stahl, Col
lins. Sacrifice hits— Parent, Ganzell, Keeler.
Criger. First base on error — Boston. Stolen
bas?s— Conroy, Stahl. Struck out — By Powell
7, by Young 5. Base on ball — Off Powell 1.
Hit by pitched ball— Elberfeld.
BOSTON, Oct. 8.— By winning two
games to-day the Boston Americans
regained the lead New York had taken
from them yesterday. Before 28,040 per
sons Boston took the first game by a
score of 13 to 2,»with Chesbro in the
box for the first four innings and
Clarkson for the other five. The score
of the second game was 1 to 0.
Chesbro did strong work for three
innings In the first game, during- which
time only one of the locals reached
first base, getting there on a base on
balls. In the fourth Hoston began a
batting spell that lasted, for the re
mainder of the game. Clarkson, who
went to pitch in the fifth, was both
wild and ineffective, allowing two runs
in the sixth inning and another in the
seventh. It was an cas'y one-sided. win
for Boston.
"Cy" Young did not give a base on
balls in the second game. Young
pitched against Powell. The game was
called at the end of tne seventh inn
ing, on account of darkness. New York
had plenty of chances to score in the
early innings. They had two men on
bases and but one out in each of the
first two innings, but failed to score.
Three times in the game the first
man to bat reached his base safely.
He got no further. Boston won the
game in the fifth inning by scoring one
run on Ferris' infield single to Wil
liams; Criger's sacrifice, an out and
Conroy's failure to stop Anderson's
throw at third. Score: ' *
Others noted about the grounds were;
Messrs. August Belmont. James R.
Keene, John W. Gates, John A. Drake
and hundreds of the best known regu
lars ivho frequent the clubhouse. In
terest in the sport was keen and there
»aE much regret expressed that both
«lafsic stakes of the day should have
furnished so much food for criticism
on account of the more than usual
amount erf foul riding. It was the opin
ion of hundreds who saw the incidents
connected with both Pasadena's and
Gunfire's victories, in their respective
laces, that the riders took little or no
pains to avert interference with con
tending horses, yet no disqualifications
(allowed. Summary:
FIH^T RACE — Btvtn furlongs; purse; all
¦sea:
B«ttinz. Horre. Weicht. Jockey. Ft. »i Fin.
7 to 5 — t^ir Krillar. r».1 (Hildebran) 2 1 4 1 2
«> to 1 — Isra*lite. 107 <R«»df*>m>.. •'! 4 2 2 4
" to 1— Crown Prince. 1<i7. Gannon* 5 3 5 3 •*«
Tnn.\ 1 :2<; 2-S. Start good. Won easily.
Wir.mr, R. A. Rainry's ch. fc by Sir Modred-
Brilla'-. Heart's Desire. Memories, Auru
mitstei. Navaj'j. Buckleya, finished as named.
£i;< OX1) RACE — About two and a half
mil«s; th. October steepl*cha*e; three-year
c!ds mid up:
Dettlnc H<>r.-r, weight. Jockey. St. * 4 Fin.
:i to5— Royelle. ISI <H f.Storw> S (15 1 l'j
to .'i— I-a\au>r. 1»>2 <Fim.egam I 25 2rt
uutol— Ivan, i^m iTttckeyt 5 3 h :i 12
Tim«\ 4 :25» 2-."'. f^tart guoU. Won driving.
Vi:inor. Mr. < Ti«mb.''tt'(« br. g. by Hermnnce-
Vimvis-. Honfin-. Zinzib&r. Ohciro. Ms'stic
bhrtnef. Flying Buttr*£K. finished as named.
TllinD RACE — Ellipse course: the Nursery
handicap: t^u-j ear-olds:
UeUiaj! Horse, Weight. Jo-kcy. Ft. s i Fin.
ir, ;., l -Pa*a<1<T.a. 1W <J. Martini K 1 h 1 h
M to5— <;inr!fir-r. 121 «Gannon».. 1 :: U 2 3
lu ¦•¦ 1 -\on Tromp.H* (Redfern) 7 2 h :i >i
!:ni'. 1.12. Start *ood. Won ilrivinR. Wtn
rser. J. M<-Laugl>Iin'e Ij. <•. l>y Ben Strome
i;iu<- B«lls. Dandelion. Burnt Hills, Agile.
!;• b'Unit. Lteile SJtromc. finished as named.
KoLRTH RACE— Fire and a half furlongs;
tv.o->rar-oldt=: selling:
Ucctt&z. Horse. Uelsht. Jockey. St. r « Fin.
IS to S— Thirty-third. '.»>» <("rimns) 1 1 u 1 1 *±
G to 1— Contur-lo II. 89 (Miller*.. 2 2 h" 2 3
4t* Ui 1 — I>elphie. K* (Ooclchlldi. . « 3 '- 3 3 i
Tune, 1 :'Ji'. Start ci»od. Won easily. Win-
MV B. Brown's br. i. by Kir Dixon-High
rjtgi-cc. Bank. Suprtnie Court. The Claimant.
I'ldn-.tiffs, Rlue <;oat. Critical. Bert Arthur.
Priority. Preatixe. Miller'* Daughter. Bob
Himarn. Oo\tr Hampton, Sweet Pepper, flu
. iehetl a£ named.
FIFTH RACE— One and thr-»-quarter miles;
•1 rcr -year-olds and ui>; the Municipal handi
«aj>:
Betlins. Horse, Weipht. Jockey. St. a i Fin.
fitol — Gunfire. 113 (Shaw) « 6h In
K to 1— rxtrich. 95 <Oimmins»..S 15 2 1'J
.', to 1 — outcome. 97 (W.Davis).. 2 3 1^3 h
Time, 2:5a 2-5. Start good. Wen driving.
\\i:;ner, H. B. Duryea's br. m. by Ha..'tinrs-
Koyal Gun. Caughsawaga, Shorthose. The
S.'Utherner. Carbuncle, finithed as named.
SIXTH RACH-Thf Withers mile; three
>«-ar-olds and up: selling:
Betting. Horse. Weigrht. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 v* '.—Canteen. 103 <W. Davis). 4 S u 1 1
« to 1— Pronta 107 (Redfern) 1 2 l~K2 *;
15 to I— Glisten. 97 (Hlldebrand) 7 9 *3 *i
Time, l ;39 4-5. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner, H. T. Griffin's br. f. by Mlrthful-
Partridg«>. Garnish. Hatchet. Ed Tierney,
TJalyy <ir*>en. Midshipman. Reticent. Locket,
Eriarthorpe. Atwood. finished as named.
MORRIS PARK, Oct. 8.— Judging
from the crowded clubhouse, grand
tiand and lleldrtand, racing did not
suffer any appreciable loss by the at
tractions of the automobile race to-day
on Long Inland. Every prominent turf
inaxi was on hand. Including W. K.
Vanderbilt. who recently returned from
a successful season on the French turf.
Vanderbilt was especially inlerested in
Gunfire, winner of the Municipal han
dicap- He spent some minutes in her
stall while J. \V. Rogers was saddling
the mare.
h;»cc;aJ Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO, Oct. S.— Miss Crawford,
with Nicol in the saddle, and at 6 to -1
in the betting, won the Liberty han
| dicap at Worth to-day after a spec
tacular drive through the stretch with
Fossil, which she beat three parts of a
length. Brancas was third, four
lengths away. Starter Murray's work
in thte race was miserable. Reserva
tion and Port Royal, both heavily
| backed by the spectators, were left
standing at the post. The others, save
I for three or four, were sent off strag
gling.
Fossil showed the way to the
stretch^ where he was joined by Miss
Crawford. The latter, under a fine ride
by Nicol, wore the California crack
down in a hard drive through the last
.furlong. . ,
The fifth race went to Major Mansir
in a nose finish with Little Elkin. Me-
Intyre. who rode Elkln. claimed a foul
against Nicol on the Major, but the
claim was not allowed by the Judges.
Nicol rode four winners.. A large
crowd witnessed the races. The
weather was warm and balmv. The
track had dried out wonderfully since
yesterday and was good, verging on
fast by the time the handicap was run.
Summaries:
FIRST IIA<'E — Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
.selling:
B*ttin«j. H< rs?. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
11 to 2 — Trstri Shandy, KSlDom) T 1 h 1 1
10f( to 1 — My Jane. 104 (Harris). .11 7 2 2h
8 toft— St. Paula, lOi«Seamstr) 2 2 4 Jink
Time. 1:10 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. E. Trotter's br. g.. by Tristan-Long
Maid. Gigantic 1O4. Dod Anderson 100, Ber
ntce 1O!«. Heritage 107. Avenger 112. Silver
Mead 11M, Tromoeuse 109, Trovator 109. Spar
row Cod IO», Ghata 104. LHitllul 112, finished
as named.
SECOND RACE— Six .furlongs: puree: •
Betting. Hor«e, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— Cutter. Kt{ (Nicol) . . ;; II 15
Hi to 5 — Allen Avon, K>8< Morrlsn) 2 2 2 2 1
12 to 5— Monte, 106 (Helgcrson). . 14 3 5
Time. 1:15 1 -S. Start grood. Won easily.
Winner. J. A. Wemberg's b. f.. by Gotham-
Ke;:more Quetn. Lord Dixon 1OH, Sincerity
Helle 1<CJ. Hariitn Scarum OS. Green Rose 98,
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One mile and eichth; three
ytar-olds and uj>: Liberty handicap:
Betting. Hwm. Weight. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
» to 2 — Mtse Crawford. 10S <Nicol> 2 2h 1 »i
ft to 2— FosbII. 105 (Hoffler) 1 1 2',j2 4
10 to 1 — Brancas. 107 iRomanelli) 5 3h 3h
Tim*?. 1 :57 ?-b. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. t. (3), by
Tenny-Fkie. Fcnsoiuca 105. AhoU 103,
Tribes Hill ICC, Huzzah 103. Reservation 115,
fit ished as named. Port Royal 105, lett,
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; ail ages;
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »; Fin
fi to I— Rusk. »6 (Romanelli) S 14 Ink
» to 2 — Nannie Hodge. 98« Lannon) 4 2 1 2 1<i
6 to 5— Mayor Johnson, OS (Nicol) 1 3 2 S«
Time, 1:13 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Johnson & Dodson's b. g. <3) by
Russel-Nuska. Mansard 109, Matador &8, fin
ished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and three-sixteenth
miles; three-year-olds and up: selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
10 to 1— Major Mansir. 116 «NlcoI) 6 53 in
» to 5— Mttle Elkin, 07 (Mclnt) 2 4 3 &3
13 to 1— Sioux Chief, 06 (Lannon) 1 3 1 3 h
Time, 2:03 3-5. Start «ood. Won driving.
Winner. J. A. Wernberg's b. g. (7) by Eothen-
Vol-au-Vant. Sarilla 92, The Way 102. Gil
fain 92. Malakoff 94. Lou Woods 97. Rabunta
02, Horton 100. Safety Light 95, finished as
named.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *J Fin.
17 to 1<» — Walnamoinen. 104fNleoI) 5 1 2^1 2>-i
SO to 1 — Marshalsea. 102 <Foley). 1 2 5 2 5
13 to 10 — Coruscate, 112 (Romnlli) 7 3 5 3 4
Time, 1:43 1-5. Start bad. Won eaully.
Winner. Talbot Bros*, b. m. (5) by The Com
moner-Matilda. Scortic 104. Gloriosa 112
Sunny Shore 100, Rankin 103. finished aa
named.
Special Dispatch tc Tbs Ca'.l.
(¦American j League.)
W. L.. Pet. I y>\ L. Pet.
Boston 04 5S .fil« Philadel ... 80 «» .537
New York... fll 5* .Kll St. Louis... «5 83 .433
Chicago .... ST fiT. .572 Detroit 62 80 .412
Cleveland .. S6 Co .5"0|Wa«h'gton . 37112 .24S
Special Dispatch to Tpe Call.
STANDING OF THE CLUPS
case of defeat. After a deal of arguing
it was finally agreed that both men de
posit with Harry Corbett the sum of
$2500 within ten days before the date
of the battle, $1500 as a weight guaran
tee and 51000 for appearance. Coffroth
¦will also deposit $1000 as a guarantee
that the battle will be held.
It took an hour and a half to arrange
the final details, though everything
was practically mapped out before the
meetinvr was called to order. .Britt
wanted a substantial weight forfeit, ex
plaining that much depended on the
title. He insisted on J2500, but Her
ford thought $1000 sufficient. After
much talk they finally agreed on $1500.
The referee for the match will be
named within ten days ,of the match.
Herford seemed much disturbed/on this
question and hinted at some good men
from the other side of the Rockies.
Britt would hear nothing line that. He
insisted the third man in the ring
should be some Californian whom he
knew and trusted. After another gentlt
wrangle th£ Interested parties agreed
to postpone the naming of the official
to a later d;ite.'
Coffroth talked as though he had the
permit for the fight in his vest pocket.
When Herford asked. where the mill
¦was to be decided Coffroth answerrd,
"San Francisco." It was then agreed
that if the fight could not be held in
this city the articles would be null and
void. Coffroth and Herford held a con
sultation in the afternoon regarding
the permit and both felt assured it
would be granted.- .
Nothing was sajd about Colma, so it
looks ihat place would-be abandoned.
It may be possible that in the event of
Coffroth's inability to secure a permit
in this city another meeting will be
held and articles for a match in Colma
will be drawin up.
When the details of the match were
settled Herford wanted a clause in
serted whereby Britt agrees to give
Gans the next match should the pres
ent one fall through. Jimmy would
not consent. He admitted that the
Corbett bee was buzzing in his sky
piece and told Herford he would agree
to meet Gans after Young Corbett, in
the event of the present match slip
ping. Following is a 'copy of the ar
ticles of agreement as signed by Het
ford. Eritt and Coffroth:
SAN FRANCISCO.' Oct. 8, 1901.
James Edward Britt and Joe Gans
hereby agree to box twenty rounds be
fore the Shasta Atheltic Club on the
last day of October, 1904, for 60 per cent
at the gross receipts, to be divided as
follows: Britt to receive 75 per cent
of said sum if he wins, 50 per cent if
the* contest results in a darw and 50
per cent if he loses; Gans to receive 50
ptr cent if he wins, 50 per cent if it is
a draw and 25 per cent if he loses;
match to be under Marquis of Queens
berry rules; soft surgical bandages to
be allowed.
The referee to be mutually agreed
upon at least ten days before the date
•of the contest.
Britt and Gans agree, to weigh 133
pounds at the ringside.^ Both men agre
to deposit forthwith the sum of $1500
each with Harry Corbett, the stake
holder, said sum to be forfeited by
the contestant failing to make the said
weight to the one who does. "Britt and
Gans further agree to deposit at the
sarrib times with Harry Corbett the ad
ditional sum of $1000 each as a forfeit
for appearance and compliance with
these articles of agreement.
The contest to carry with it to the
winner the title of lightweight cham
pion oV the world at Marquis of
Queensberry boxing.
The complimentary tickets to be lim
ited and decided in advance.
These articles call for contest to take
place in San Francisco.
Gans and Britt agree to report to the
club the evening of the contest not
later, than S:30, and be prepared to en
ter the" ring within forty minutes
thereafter. "Weighing to be done in the
ring and contestants to be ready to
answer gong ten minutes thereafter. or
liable to fine -of $100 for each minute of
delay. JIMMY BRITT.
AL HEREFORD,
For Joe Gans.
Witnesses— "Waldemar Young, -R. • L.
York.'J. T. "Waldorf, W. J. Slattery.
Jimmy Britt and Joe Gans have at
last been definitely matched to fight
for the . lightweight championship of
the world in this city on the last day
of the present month, under the au
spices of the Shasta Athletic Club.
Britt, Al Herford, representing Joe
Gans, and James W. Coffroth. repre
senting the Shasta Club, met last night
and formally signed articles. These
articles will be void if Coffroth is un
successful in securing: a" franchise for
the fight to take place in this city.
The men will battle for 60 per cent
of the gross receipts. Britt is to re
ceive 75 per cent of that sum if he wins
and 50 per cent should he draw or be
defeated. Gans' share will be 50 per
cent, win or draw, and 25 per cent in
Two Heavily Backed Horses
Are Left, While Others
Are Away Straggling
"Cy" Young Proves Powell's
Master in Hair Raising
Game, When One Run Wins
STARTER MURRAY
IS OUT OF FORM
Wilt Be a Calif ornian and
Will Be Selected Some
Days Before the Bout
REFEREE IS NOT NAMED
CHESBKO AN "EASY: MARK
Stewards Overlook Their
Foul Tactics to the Sur
prise of the Onlookers
JOCKEYS'IXDULGE
IX ROUGH BIDING
W. K. Vanderbilt Is an Inter
ested Spectators and Sees
the Mare Gunfire Saddled
Miss Crawford Takes the
Liberty Handicap After
Hard Drive With Fossil
No Mention Is Made of Colma
in the Articles Signed
Last Xight by the Boxers
Supporters of Highlanders
Groan When Champions
Capture the Double-Header
Notables View Racing
From the Grandstand
At Morris Park Track
BRITT AND GANS
TO FIGHT HERE
BOSTON FORGES
INTO THE LEAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 9, 1904.
39
ADXT^RTISELMEXTS.
WEAK MEN
A S12 HOME TREATMENT FKEE
For 10 days" trial and approval
PS^aw «0» ••«.©,* QITR PERFECTED
U|<g4 x>5''C*«ts» aruum trrat-
W0kvy^'!B «< A2rD "lit be-
£A*&Y s&'.f m l STOBE THE FIRE
ff YMFimiS 1 * X. OWTK - It is also
n "* >W il 5> the ' only Positive
TO SQUARElL J I 2 ">«;ans known which
R ¦¦¦..r:' 1 - "" fully ""larsro
uMw2Hnn s-nfl completely de-
_ ¦'¦¦¦— vrlop the organs.
( ' " PLUff CT URtTHOAL NICPCATlQN L * -g S~>
Iscd with our Soluble Medicated Ure-
t'riral Cn-iyons. nuicltly cures all drains or
discharges. Stricture. Premature Decay
vcak or irritable Prostate Gland, otc
for Varicocole we combine our Bpeclal
fcUSFEIT SOBY and COMFBESSOa. Don't
Jail to investigate this. Our physicians
ere known to be strictly reliable and ex-
perienced fi-peoiaMsls and cure BLOOD
POZSOIf and all diseases of men by mod-
ern rmthods. TJon't delay. Examination
find demonstration free. For rmr VAC-
XJTUiI BEVXIiOFZB or our special treat-
ments crJl at our office only for tho pres-
ent. DO EOT WBITE— CAX&. Hours
* to 9: Sundays. 10 to 1. HEALTH AP-
•UtAJf CE COMPABT. G OFarrell street
H C A L I FO R N I A M
HLIMITED TO CHICACOH
1 LEAYCS KORDATS and THURSDAYS [|
Hat J):;j() a. m., tiiroujrh In 3 AAy^B
Hwith diner and all trapplmri. o
Other Santa Te Tralnn
•J -30 a! m*l t0T stockton « F««no. Balcerafleld.
8:00 p. m'.J Merced. Hanford and Vlaalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chlcaso.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Martcrt St. and
rerry Depot. S. T. Also 1113 Broad-
: way. Oakland, CaL 37 South Tint St,
San Jose. - .. v'V;~ ¦
""To SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Saosalito Ferry
SUBURBAN . SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, daily, at t7 : cs.
T45 S'25. 9:10. 9:50, U:00 a. m.; 1:« SjS
l&\ sTlS. 5:50. 0:00. 7:1V 9:00 and * fe
'"Arrive at San ' Francisco, dally, «t t«-4o
7-35 .8:15. 8:50, 9:35. 10:80 a. m.; 1:30 2^*
4;»: % 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. 8:57. 7:40 an^T lifu
«c>pt Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a, m.: also Eat-
urday* at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
3:15 p. m-. Saturdays only— For Gazadero.
•tc. > •¦¦-/•
5:15 p. m.. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market st."
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Marktt St.
1 __ R.XILWA Y TRA VET.. ' ;
Iw^^^Z, S AN FRANCISCO.
v*>v $^\\jC) r *°* Octcbsb *
\g^5".V\/ F»s«t Dtror
! \£j-J^ (Toot of Market Sir** >
"'" - MAIN UNE. - ***>**
! Z52* V«c»Tillr. Wmii-rs. i:ums«y 7 5»0*»
. 7 OP a Renlcta. Elinira aii'l S»cr»mento . 7-2O
7 J0A Vullrjo. Xap*. Ca!I»to*r«. SHU
IJo.s. Murtlncr. S»o Ramon 8.20»
I I5°* Nll *».Trai-y. tathron.S!ock:ron.... ¦ 7 20»
BOCAehasu Rjpres*— (Via Dart*).
Wltllam*. Wlllowa. ?Kruto. Ked
Blnil. Portland, T»com«, b*ani« 7-50*'
| 8 OCa Davls.Woo<ll«nd. Knichts Landlas.
I ___ M»rjsrll!e.Oro»llle 7-50^
8-3JA Port Costa. Martian. Anttn«h.
, Byron. Tracy.' Stockton. New-
: man. Los llanos. M i n fl i> t %»
( Arinona. Ilanrunl. VlnlU
; Portrrrlllo ... 4.20*
1 8.30a port Costa, Modesto. Mftrced.
1 Fresno. Oostien .1 unction, H.m-
| ford. Vlsall*. Pakersrteld 4 5O
', 8 30 a Mies. San .lose. Mrermore. Ptorlt-
I ton. ftMllton). lone. Sacmmento,
1 Marysvtllr. Chlco. Krd BlolT .... 4 2t>
i 8.30a oakdale. Clilnene. .Jamegtown. So-
I nora. Taolurane sad Aneels 4.20p>
I 9 00a Atlantic Kxpms*—ORiIen<indRa«t. 5 2Q»
9.30a Klrhmond, Uactluez and Way
Statlonii 850»
10 OCA Tb«* Orerland Limited — OKden.
i i •mnh*. Chlnneo, ileu ver. Kansas
! ...« tliy. St. Louis 5 2 5*
I 1000a Vallejo 12.20*
! 10 OCa Lo, Aniflei raa«rnger — Port
Costa. Martinez, nyron. Trucy,
i Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
K.iyinonil. Fresno. Gosbrn Junc-
tion, llanford, Lemoore. Vlsalla,
Bukersfleld, Los a»k«!m 7.26*
¦ 12.00m Hayward. Nlles an.l Way Stations. 3 20"»
I ti OOP Sacramento River Steamers. , tii.OO*
3-30P Benlcta, Winters. Sacramento.
Woolland. KnUhta L«nillnx.
MarysTllle. Oro»tlle and war
i stations 1050a
! 33Cp Hs.Tward.KHea and Way Stations.. 750**
4 CCp Martlnez.Sun ll»inoii, Viillejo,N'apa.
i :•-_ Calistosa. Sa^taUoaa. 3 20a
4 COP Klles. Tracy. Stockton. Lo<U 10.20a
4 3GP Mayward. Klles. lrvlagton. Sant t8.50*
Jose. Llvermore » 111.50a
t CCPTbe Owl Limited— Newm«n. Los
! Hanos. Men. ion. Fresno, Tulara,
DafeersBeld. Los Angeles 8-50*
j IS 30p nayward. NUeaaod s*n Joae 7.20a
6.CCp Ilayward. Nlles and San Joss 9 bO*
¦ SCOp Eastern Kxprrss — Omaba. Cblrazo.
Penrer. Kansui* City. St. Louis,
- * Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento.
Colfix, Ueno. Sparks. Tonopab,
Keder. Ovrten 12.50*
I.OOp Vallejo, dally. ?xct-pt Sunday.... t 7 sn*>
7J0PVal!eja, Sunday onlv f /OUP
7 OOP hlcbmond. San r\ir>lo. Port Costa,
Martinet and Way sutiona 11 .20a
! • C5p Fort Costa, Martinez, Byron.
Tracy, I.nthrup, Modesto.
Merced, Uerenda. >rc»no an<l
Way Stations beyoud Port Cosu 12-20*»
: 8-OSP Tosemlte Valley, via Cremla and
Wawojia (Mundsy, Wedsetday
and Friday) 8.60a
' 8 05p Martinez. Tracy. Stucktoe 10.20a
€ ObP Oregon A CalKornla Kxpress— Sac-
ramento, MarysTllle. Keildlnz.
Portlaud. l'utret hound and East. 8-SOA
t.lOP Hay want. Nlles and Saa Jose (Sui-
' gar only > 1150a
COAST LINE (>«rr»f U«f»;.
mmm (Pout of Market Street.)
S.IEAKrwark. Center* i;;c San Jose.
I Felton. Moulder Creek, fennti
' Craz and Way Station* 5 53p
j t215P Newark, Centervllle, San Jose.
1 KewAlmaden. L«!iOato>.F«lton.
; ISoaldcr Creek. Santa Craz and
Principal Way Station* tltl S3*
4.15P Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos...]
I «3-3Cp Hunters* Train fSaturdny only)—
>an Jn*<> and Way Siat'on* t7 25»
! COAST LINE <iw»aa i.an«K>.
23f (liiinl an»l T«»«rn*«iid Street*.)
6 10a San Jose and Way Statiuns 6SC*>
: 7 00a San Jose and W*y Station* 540f»
8 00a New Almaden (Tttti.. Krl.l.. only). 4.MXm
8 00a The Coaster— San Jose. Sa!1na.«.
: San Ardu, Paso Itohlea. Santa
I Margarita. San Luis Ouixpo,
I Guadalupe. Gutlota. Santa liar-
: bars, San noen^ventura. Men-
! . . talvu. Oxnard. K 11 r bank, Los
i Anuelmi 10 S0*>
1 SOOAGIIruy. Hnlliner. CastroTlUe. I)i-I
. Monte, PaciSc Urove, Surf, Lorn-
! poc 10.30*
8.C0A San Joae. Tre* Plnos.AVntsonTllle.
i Capltola. Snnta Craz, Pacific
i Grove. Salinas. San Luis Oblspo
: and Prlnclp*. Wsv Stations. ... 4.10p
I 1020a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20o
I 11 dOASan.Ioso and Way Mationa 7.0»
215p San Jo»e and Way Stations 8 33a
3-bbPbel Monte Kxpreaa— Sautn Clara.
5«nJow, W»tion»lllc Snnta
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey.
PaclOc Gro»e 12-15*
13 OOP Los Gato*. Wrlcht. Houlder crrek.
Sant-i Cruz, via Santa Clara, and
Narrow Gani*e -fig 454
SZCp Val-nrl* ft.. South San r ranrtuco.
: Burllngame. s-nn Jose, Ullroy,
? Hoi lister. Trea Plnoe n.4*»
4.30p Pan Jose and Way Stations +8 00a
tS-GOP Santa, Clara, ban Juse. Lsa Uato*.
and principal Way Station* (ex-
cept Sunday) t9 OCa
{5-30p 6anJoseandPrtnctpnl'n'ayStatlons 53 43a
b 45p fcuD»i-t Eipre»».— Ketlwood. Saa
Jose. Gllroy.sallnas, Paso Uoblea,
Ean Luis Obtspo. hanta Barbara,
Lo* Angele*. l>emtn£. Kl Pa«a
St.Loul». New Orleans, New Tork 3 1Qa
t 6.4SpPaJaro. WatsonTtlie. Caottola.
j s-anta, Cruz. Caatrovllle, Del
: Monte. Pacific Un>Te 10 30*>
! 16-15P tauMateo.BeresfoTd.Be:mont,San
Carlos. Kedwuod. Fair Uaiu.
MenloPark. Palo Alto 16-4Sa
6 30p San Jose and Way Stations 8 33 *
SOOpPalo Alto and Way Stations 10.13a
11 .30 P South San Francisco, Mil lbrae. Bur-
llngame. San Mateo, Belmont.
San Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto tfl 4S»
«1130PMayUeld. Mountain View. Sunny-
¦ vale. Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
San Jo»e tS.4S»
A for Morning. p for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excKpted- tSandayonty
•• Saturday only. b Monday only,
ibtopa at all stations on Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlturoa Perry — Toot ot Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAN SAP AIL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:ZS.
3:30. 3:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
I at 11:30 p. m.
I Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and ll:3O p. ra.
SUNDAYS — 8:<H>. »:3O. ll:0O a. m. ; l:3O. 3:3O.
ft:0O. «:»>. ll:3O d. m.
SAN RATASIi TO SAN PBAVCXSCO. '
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 1:35. 7:50, 8:». 11:15
a. m.; 12:5O. 3:40, 5:0O, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:<X>. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. ¦ - -
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. \Oct. 2. 19O4. | San Frandacow
Week I Sun- I j feun- I W««li
Days. 1 days. I Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30am S:00am »:10am 8:40am
I 9:30am Ignacio lO:4Oara 10:20am
i 3:30pm 3:30pm 6:0Spm tt:20pm
ft :10pm 3 :0Opm 7 :35pm
7:30am • 9:10am 8:40aum
8:00am Novato 10:40am 10:20am
3:30pm 9:30am Fetaluma 6 :05pm 8:2Opa>
5:10pm 3:30pm and 7:35pm
5:00pm Santa Roaa ,
7:30am 10:40am 10:2Oan»
S :00am Fulton 7:35pm 8; 20pm
3:30pm 3:30pm I
Windsor I
7:30am 8:00am Healdsburg: 10:40am 10 :20am
. . Lytton
3:30pm 3:30pm Geyservtlle 7:35pm 8:20pa
Cloverdale
" :30am I 8:00aml Uopland |10:40am[10:20*un
3 :30pm I 3:30pm| and Uklah I 7 :33pm | 8:20pm
j I WUllts and I j
7:30am| 8:00am| Sherwood I T :35pm I 6:20pm
7:3Oam[ 8:00aml |10:40am|10:20e.m
3 :30pm I 3:30pm| Gueroevllle | 7 :35pm [ 6:20pm
7:30aroV 8:00ara| Sonoma I 9 :10am I 8:40am
5:10pm| 5:Q0pm| Glen Ellen I 6:05pm[ 8:20pm
7:30am| 8:0Oam| |10:40am|10:2Oam
3 :30pm I 3 :30pm I Sebastopol | 7 :33pm | 6:2Opna
STAGES connect at ! Gre*n Bras for Saa
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs: at Lytton for
Lytton* Springs: at Geyservllle for Skagg*
Springs: at Cloverdale for* the Geysers, Boons-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duneaa
Springs. Highland Springs, ! Kelseyvllle, CaxU-
bad Springs. Soda - Bay. Lakeport. Bartlatt
Springs and Lake Co. Hot Springs: at Uk!a!a
for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blu«
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring*. Up-
per Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. LJ«rly"». Bucknell'*^ Sanixdrta
Hetghts. Hiillviire, Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway;
House Comptche. Hopkins, Mendodno City.
Fort Bragg We»tport and Usal: at Wltlits
fcr .Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
Brasrg. Cahto. Covelo, Laytonviile, Cunv
mlngs Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard, Fruu-
land. Dyer. GarbervUle. . Camp 5, Pepperwood.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates. ,.
On Sunday — Round -trip tickets t» all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Ckroald*
U JA9 n? L. FBAZIER. K. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
MtTTamalpais Railway
ZZZZ 8:25a f©29Si 31 l:3Or '10:*0a
9:50a 9:5Oa gftMjg 3: * 5p 3; 55(>
iu's'p" l*:45r 6J33r "** gTia'p
Sitnriiri 4:35* yrBr Satordars ll:12p
Mts Sranty Car V ¦ »l.Tim«i|ais t» liBTUlsy
nCUT I (50 Markzt St,( North Shore lUilroadT
trriCB j aad Sausauto Fbx&y, Foot Market Sc
WEEKLY CALL; $1.00 PEB YEAS,
J ADVERTISE3IENTS.
| Dr. Mclaughlin Tells How He
] RESTORES YOUTH
• HOW ELECTRICITY RESTORES YOUTH
5? "Tou cannot possibly estimate have returned to the hard labor of
X -the "true import of the discovery of their youth with a vim after hav-
• Professor Loeb." said Dr. >Ic- ing worn my appliance three
O Laughl in yesterday in discussing months.
O the scientific announcement that "One decrepit- old man of 75 had
0 "Electricity Is Life." in youth been a Dlacksmlth. Alter
a "It means more happiness to the using my appliance he took up
2 civilized race' than has followed any his tools, and says he can work
5 discovery for years. It will bring as hard as he did at 35. He says
*• about the. general recognition of the he is an old man made young.
• great possibilities* which exist in "Another man of 72 said he
• the application of electricity for had been crippled with rheuma-
0 the preservation of youth. matism for forty-five years. He
0 "I have for years contended that "pronounces himself cured and as
A old age was nothing but the. freez- vigorous as he ever was in youth.
2 ing of the blood when there was "Another who was a wreck at
2* no longer sufficient vital heat in 49 and gajj t h at ne had been so
• the body to keep the blood warm f or twenty years, was cured, and
• and the organs active. I have said three years later undertook the
0 that years did not cause decay, severe "hardships of a trip to the
m and have proven it by citing cases Klondike. He returned a few
a where some men have been made months ago and said that he had
X vigorous under my rejuvenating stO od the terrible privations bet-
** treatment at SO while you have ter than hundreds of young, men.
S • £ X h a « mP « 8 rt M 1 I H b^.^u U at°L me " "I cou > d c "e thousands of sim-
• who are old and decrepit at bO. ilar incidents. When you see that
8 acthJebusfe^aT r&kSV'sS tM&taJ^anftlS^heS 1 ™ 1^
• Pjne srteet. San is 80 FSSHSPln 'w^SU^wlthSSt
a Pine street, San Francisco, is 80 one' or more cures bv mv aD-
• men at 50 He says that my Belt $&„£. y^u^wii^'understand 3^ that
• has kept him young for several my . experience has been broad.
• years. You ought to talk to him "Mv treatment is a «!ucces^ in
• about it. He says he will be glad to 1^!^^ ctreneth is lack"
A toll anv nno xvhat T ha\'*> iionp fnr any case wnere sirengm is iacK-
m Mm-* ln S. whether in the nerves.- stora-
S -Now. Professor Loeb says that ¦»?{?; r h « a E!- H!, d v ne i^iiL ! i"fI Sx^K
f the animal heat is Electricity. co^Unt PP electric & elow
• That. I know to be true. We get ¦2?,Vh" 1 f; takP n bV the bodv iu^t
•that heat from the chemical ac- «? S Don« takes ud water I
• lto n mach tl upon id our n foid 1Ce ThIt tl ls "r«' rKa^i^ny &. a"
8 coSstion P "This combGstlln pro- weH aS every - other form of pain
.* duces carbonic heat, and carbonic "I am an enthusiast, you say!
X heat is Electricity. That is the Why should I not be? I have
Z basis of life in every vital organ. the gratitude of thousands of peo-
• As long as the stomach is able to Pie who have been cured by my
• generate enough of this heat to re- Klectric Belts after the failure of
• plenlsh the wear and tear upon the best physicians. I am en-
• our vital energies we are strong thusiastic because I know that I
A and active. It is when the stom- offer suffering humanity the surest
Z ach finds the strain too heavy that cure for the leasr expenditure of
2 we grow old and begin ' to decay. money that is known to-day.
2 "This is upon the same principle "I have gained my success by
• that an engine pulls a train of . learning how to treat my patients
m cars up hill. On level road it and then curing them. I know
0 goes easily, but when it goes up how; others do not. I charge
0- hill the strain is heavy, and your nothing for my knowledge, know-
£ engine, making power from the ing that it helps my business to
2 burning of coal. just as your do all I can for every patient. My
Jf stomach makes it from burning patients are my friends. They
• your food, is taxed beyond its are building my success.
0 limit, is unable to go further, and. "I want every person interested
0 exhausting all its steam in the ef- in my treatment to read my
0 fort, breaks dov/n. beautifully illustrated book. It tells
m "The human body is just like truth plainly and is full of the
2 that engine. It breaks down when things a man likes to read when he
2 the physical energy Is overtaxed. wants to be strong and healthy. If
J» That energy is electricity. I have you enclose this ad. I send it free. It
• here a means of replenishing the gives the prices of my Electric
0 electricity of the body, and that Belts.
0 is the basis of my treatment. "Very few people realize what
m "Years have nothing to do with improvements have been made In
a it. In each case it is the failure this direction. Prominent busl-
2 of the stomach to generate suffi- ness rrren come to me and express
]* clent energy to supply the de- surprise that an electric belt can
• mands made by the vital organs. give such power and accomplish
0 "How quickly we fall when the such results as I show in mine
0 stomach fails to digest the food! They must see it to believe. I am
£ That shuts off the supply of en- always glad to talk to nori-
q ergy. - . believers and constantly invite in-
2 "I have on record hundreds of spection. I will give a free test
• instances where men of 75 to 90. -to any one who. will .call." .
• Dr M C McLaUP-hlin 906 Market St.
S *** • * ** m * T *^»^«**»3 1I1111 » Ab^Ellii, San rra B eiK..C*l.
S .-•'O &i>'H. Office Hours — 0 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1.
2 .-*•« .NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
Los Anffelea, 129 South Spring St. Seattle, 106 Colombia St.
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000004
**¦« . " .¦ . : . .- ,. "..; . ¦'.-.. .: . j£
—— alllC On Sunday, ; October so, THE
"""" -^^ A • » •*•% CALL will begin the issue of a
g^ /fc I I "^ bright, up-to-date Comic Supplement.
\jJT% aWaLaaf O full of wit and innocent humor. This
q*m a. mjtf supplement will ¦: be > printed in three
1^ I" ww an(^ our colorj and will readily
... •*•»"'. appeal to - our. young friends . and
« M V f\ readers in the many homes on the
C-CJlYlit^ Pacific Coast to which THE CALL
• ;'•: is so welcome 'a visitor.
SECTION Agents and Dealers
,^^^^^ . " Will unquestionably require an addi-
tional number of \ papers . to supply the
GOOd NeWS for OUT rapidly increasing demand for THE
— Young Friends and CA^ U be to order early .
Readers. v ;
'L- r- — -r^- — — -. ' T • • YTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. OCTOBER- 9, 1904.
40
.lolIN P. SPUi:C'Ki:i^.. ..rro^rletor
AJcIrcEs CcTT.::"ur.:cai:o::a to
.TOXIN McXAUGlIT: '. '.*". v?: 7 '. Manager
\\. .1. M.\KT1 X ... . p»**nca>s_ *}**™r£I
Tia/jniONK.
A:U fcr THK CALL, Ttw Oi^ritor Wiii Con-
::cci Vou \V.:h :hc IX-parUB«at Vou \\ ith
l-.o!ic«t!cn Cf!Ve llarl.et *'A T!i!rd. S. 1*.
iJiiiiuiiki Bootes Ell :o -Zl Btev«ii*oa *t.
j
:¦• iivrred by rarrtcrr. 23 <:n. Pc« wcrii. —
tt?. l<r tlontti. Btatfle Ccp-.os :> t*
Term* ty Mall. loclo£fcs I'oaa^c tCaifl v.UB
Order): rt! (V ,
I.»AILT CALL, rtsded. auaoay). 1 y« ir.. .?•» IV \
i-AlLY «:aLL Utxlad. liisndtVU «• ino;..- *-'M
i ajlv call— uj Mesis :»:o^.;-. .,".'.'-'
btrNUaV call. 1 Y.Rr ..., r;,;
irECiu.r CAZX, • */c^i ;¦-. — ;.':.'
FOREIGN J SSby iW I'" V«ar Ki-ra
i-osTAGi: j lv «*k^: i.«s i>r v -"-,^*
>5.L POSTMAJSTE113 AIIS .\rTHOKI/~l>
TO RECEIVE BCBSCmPTlOSS.
J-»rr.r> Ccric* wSUs le ,fcf»»rdc4 «"..cn rc-
«ji:t>ted. - -
Meil subrcribns lii o:.lerir? <**P«*^**LJ?.'
c:-t-r rhculd be particular 10 «Hc both . .\*.«
AND OLD ADDRESS li order t- !r>sure_ a
pronsK «r.d correct nimffltrf* v.»:h '.Uei. re-
«.u«t.
OAKLAND OrFICE: .' '
XC16 Bwainay TeKjJwne Main 1CS1
PHRKE'-XY OFFICE!,
: US Center £ treet Toltph'ne Mort>»T.
V.ASK1NGTCN CORRliSPONrEiST: •
FAJ.'1'E^ V.-. WALL ¦ Hotel I3arten
NEW TCRK NEW"? STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel: A. llrentano. 51
I'r.ion S<3u>ire; Murray Hill ildtel: Klfth -avenue
HoteJ and HoCmrn House.
CniCACO NE^I STANDS:
FhfTirj.r. Hcu^: P. O'. Sew Co.; Or^at
Noj-them Hotel: IV-rrsont House: Auditorium
lift*]; r»:rr.er Htrjfse.
CMiCAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KXtOGXESS, Marqjettc Rulldlng.
(Long t)is-:anc« Ttlephoa*. "Central •JU19.">
NEW YORK BETBESICKTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3Q rrftDUne HuiUlng
NEW TORK OOEEESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTON Herald grjunre
Bt'SCCEFS OFTICJG of the F»n Fraadico Call.
rcrner Uarket ard Tfc'r4 streets: open OCtll
1^ o'clock every v.igiit in the yeer,
BRANCH OFFICE?:
ic/s Market c^reet. opposite Fifth: open until
lie. m.
T27 MontCOtaery street, corner Clay; open until
3:30 r. m.
CCi« Have* rtrret : cp*-n tr.til 9:".O p. m.
«.Vt McAllister street; open smtii 9:30 p. BL
C15 Lsrkin ftreet; ci>en until 9:30 p. ra.
I94J Missinn ttreet; open until 10 p. m;
104 Eleventh ftreet; cpen until 9 p. m.
1<;»U Vakncia street; opea ur.til S p. ra.
Kortbeaat rorner Church and Duncan streets;
oixn ui tl! » p. ra.
Z"(A Fi'.lmore Etreet.open until 9 y. na.
BEAL ESTATEj-jCTTJ^TOB^SAXE^^
PEA LET & CO.
Ci« MARKET 5T.. OPP. FALACE HOTEL.
$.;5.ron — P.er.ting for $5676 per annum; ln-
rr»aw to $<ir»K> puarante'd the par-
ohater; improved iumwr, FituateJ on a
principal street of the Chinatown dis-
trict.
I22.O0C— Rents $£004 per annum: a business
ocrner. consiFting of ttore* and flat?,
well situated: north of Mar>;pt t=t.; in-
vestigation will plainly show that these
rer.tt could easily be increase'! fully 20
per cent without the loss of a sing;e
tenant.
$2< .CO— 5«'-foot frontage in the t>est block on
Fillmor* ft.; 2 stores and 2 flats abov»;
boatmes invertnifnts of this nature ar»
ficeedlngly rare.
• lli.Ctfl— r-'acntice. sacrnce. sacrifice; 2 valua-
ble Chinatown holdings, situated as fol-
lows:
No. 1 — NE. corner of Sacramento St..
34 feet frontage, with a 2-StOTJ base-
•ner.t brick building thereon, renting
very low for t>'A per month; tenant
billing vo taite lease at $S5 if allowed
to remain.
No. - — Consists of a holding on the
j-outh line of Sacramento st.. directly
opposite the above piece; 34 foot frcnt-
tg». with a 2-story brick building there,
on renting for fc,o per month; total
rents tl2r. r»r month: both pieces of
property to be Fold as an entirety : for
J16.O0O.
Fl&COO — Kents $1758 per annum: extremely
large area of ground:- 80x137:6; 8 ahin-
gled front modTn flats thereon; sun in
every room; pretty grays lawns around
th« entire building; unsurpassed marine
vjew.
$:<:.liOO— to foot frontage; Valencia St.. near
r-":xtc<=nth; 3 large stores thereon; per-
manently rented.
tlo.OfJ*) — K«»r.i $1C3 per month; mortgage of
$'000; 6 brar.d new flats of 4 rooms and
porcelain bath: Turk Bt.
$14,<!0<i — Corner; 4 1 * foot frontage; 2 etores and
- fats: reniir.g for $110 per month;
north of Market Ft.
tl2,0O0 — .">Oxl29 feet on Jackson ex.. command-
ing ac unsurpassed marine view; close
to the IVesidio wall.
$lf\jC<-' — 4-s-.ory brick building between Mont-
coniery ave. and Dupont St.; rent very
low at $*0 per month.
$10,2S(.— X> fine flats on Pine et.. close tn Devis-
adero; rent extremely low at $-72 per
month: lot 27:<<xl37:«J feet.
$10.000 — LVviradero Ft., near Geary; 3 flats of
ti-ti-7 rooms; renting for $St r>er month;
27:0 foot frcntape: this Is destined to
become one of the best business Etreets
in th«- \Yesn-rn Addition.
$! > ,5(>0 — A business corner, 45 foot frontage;
etores. flats and stable; on Union St.;
mortgage $.3000.
S?.COO — l-uerjr building consisting of a sa-
loon a»id lodging-house; principal street
south of Market.
$7,750 — Guerrero Bt.. near Twentieth; 2 beau-
tiful flats; modern in every respect; 6-11
rooms; rent $65 per month.
$3.150— Uent $30 per month; tenement flats
and cottage; modern plumbing; flush
toilets, etc.; south cf Market.
$3.0<X) — 50 foot froma.ge; key lots en Hugo
et.. near Sixth ave.
$2,250^- Modern cottage of 5 rooms pantry,
bath, bay- win-lows anJ brick" founda-
tion; wtra belt of the Mission
$1,800— SW. corner. 125x1 CO feet; Broad ave
and Capitol at.. In tho heart of Ocean
View; street macadamized and fide-
walks; this property could be subdivided
and eold at a profit.
SAGE. DEALBY & CO
63S Market st.. opp. Halac« Hotel.
B. GETZ. Room 22. Chronlcla Bulldlnir
OWJfER AND DEALER. """<"*«.
j«ew Biock on tie Grand Ocean Beach!"
Graded Lota Ready to Bui'm nn
Quality and Price. Tell-Ea^y Terms'"
Buperb View— Call Jor^Map and Diagrams.
RlcJiXBOsd District— Choioe Graded Lota'M
Greatert Barx*ifis Ever Offered— Easy Terms.
$250 to $50f>— North cf the Park Lots!"
Opp. Kprecltels LRkeaadJv'ear Chute^l-is m^
$350 to 8U00- Santet Heights Lots, $3 mo. up.
$250 to $500— 19th ave. Boulevard Lot a> $5
|75 to mnd O "«"^
O«t a Home en I-asy Terma--Clty Water.
$T» to $100— Ocean View 1^^ Lota, $5 ffl0
11000 to »5000— CotUges and Houses on Terms
Call at my office. Room 22. Eeccnd floor
Chronicle Building. * floor '
FOR silebr
JULJEN SMITH*
™.?y&&SfeJ&g at *»°** *
Near Market; cl^e little piece of'businiU
rroperty- store, etc.. with fit above f^ci
lent condition: price $ll.M0; 4 u, st »'n ,«„
wsow""*** thea thUs pnpetty ™ m "' "ft?
JESSIE ST. WAWnjOWEAKD PACTORT
* Ce *"" ?l h: ~ or 3 nlc * Properties ; loU run tn
ward Mission, also Stevenscn *t. : proiSrty^.
advancing in this locality dally; call for
particulars. **' IQr
MCALLISTER STREET ' '
CITT OK RICHMOND. "~~~?
' -». r. ,.? W^' X LOT IK CALIFOnNIA
The California terminus of the Santa Ke
Railroad and the hur.dard Oil Company is
nt RlchmoniJ. Just ocrosis the bay from Bar
Kranclsco. These corporations." with the
- Soutfcenr Pacific Company., are spending riil-
Hons cf dollars there, making It the great
manufacturing city cf the West. y^kp
meney. ***»o
LOTS $5 PER MONTH.
Call or eend for free maps.- •
KICHMON'P LAND CO.. Crocker U(^., S. F.
WHY NOT BUILD T
or; that vacant lot of yours? We loaa-full
coct cf lmpro%-em«nts and. part lot-at^-wr
cent: plans fumlthcd if dfctired; see us .
MANHATTAN 1X>AN CO.. CrockerXnildlng.
$3000— S0*237:C; ct Ocean Vie w^ <-jo* e *o the
rropc*e<J car Ehop* of the United Rallroa.U-
thtn lg bound to Jncrea«e in value- fine or/
portttnlty; J5 per month. McEWEN BROS
. 1 IS Montgomery st [ ¦ •" i'.
F 9? r -, S V' E T Cheap - fiEe 5r °oni cottage, bath
t-O. Sapebe. s t . _ between .Army 4* pp^
' -HEAz- csyATir^crrT'Y— Jon aAtnc; .
<J h. t/rtffrkNJ -^ CX«.. >u ftftntE&nir? st.
• AUCTION
AUCTION
At't'TiON >-
AUCTION
AUCTION
i AUCTION
Of irv-E?.rru«ni. residence s.nd un'.r-iprovd
Piwperue*; wilLrb* hold at o*ir s=.!«rbiocin. '-••;
-¦'< -n'.Jt; inrv st.. Tucitliy, <Jclob-r 11, a- a'!
u'dodc j.vcm.
nnFEUEE BALE.
Thv .": f. <:cv.;h.;. prLivnics wiil l>ft«S0la. rib-
; J<*- 1 to conSrhutloii ij thu Superior »:ojrt.
; Blrhcugh ::•_, incteaM L>:d can Le oiTcr^d in
co-Jit ;:.tcr r,.ile:
No. I.'.
• Net. CI1-13-IS sjtr.-ih'.cn st.. west lin?. be-
tv.ot»i linen and Pin* ats. ; Loj^rovejaentJi <ori-
»;«.! ci J Jj.-its of u roonn ami l<»tS <<ich; rer.:*
»a; li) i,cr ifiontb: lot 23xV0.
Ho. 2.
siv. . r !^J S'.ccktfn t>i.; improvements consist
f>T 2-:-tny dwelling o( u'ronini anil baih; rtnt
So' CO ikt tu^ntli; lot 'Jixou.'-
I\o. ::.
No. ?2 Tihania «t.. ncrtl: ll:\-. between l.«t
rr.j :'d sit. ; latmt-cmeats consist of dwellins
if 12 i-'wiuis-. ai.o bath; rent (~- Pit month; lot
p«fl ¦-•¦
No, 4. ,
No. i'4 TcUama jsl. ; imi-rovonienta conjlst o'
o«-ellln£- c< 11 rcfitoa «nd l>nth; rent $25; lot
- .w 5
No. .^1 Tthjima »t.. north line. b»tw*en
•'M i<r.<! 4ih st*. ;. ImprcremeaCs -...ne'.st ot
dm-en:ng or. i; rooms anj,rentn $'J0 per month-
lit ..'."x-o.
hl'piness raoPKRTT.
Ya!e-icL\ Kt.. eas-t l!ri-. between 14th mid
15lfe; 2 choice ljuilaing *l«ts tlose to tranFfer
ioir.t; this pfroperti hie a iiioul proxising
toture; io!« -JCxito ta'-h. - ;
•CnODEItlCK-STHEXX HTJOKERTY.
1 Nc. l'-I I ltrod*Iick st.. w<?5t !in». hftwwn
\\ a^lll^«^'.n anil Ja^k?-.n; improvements con-
sist "f a dcairablj 2-Story res'dence of S r-jom*
i.i d hath; rents $:>5 p«r ;r.onth; lot 2T:S'.«x
¦-'. LEA', KNTV OP.TH-PT. INVESTMENT.
No. 1513 I^a'v'^riworth tt., east line, between
J«ckson an*-! Paolf.c: frnme Improvements con-
sist n* front .-.r.a.r'-nr dwellings} rents $5U p»r
raocth; lot SS:6xl(i2:6 to nn all-y.
MISSION rNVESTMENT.
Voo. 40-.S :\r. r ;clk «t.. off the southerly line
or P\>l*om. betwevn nth md l-Jth: 'Improve-
mcr.t-s car*l«t of :i tenements and smble; rents
$(2 per month: I* "<lxSI. Irrr^ular.
<"ASTnO-STRi:ET CORNER.
Southeast corner 2.">rt and Castro sts.: fi*-
slraW-? buMdir.g lot. 2»;:("xlCj; bank mortgage
of $1200 a'. <; cer cent <an remain
LOIS M. APGA8 ESTATE.
Adininlstrstrix Sal*.
The following properties must be sold to
cl(-s<» ih<» above estate, subject to conSrmatlon
; by t^e Sui<>nor Court :
INIVKHSITY HIX KX. ASSN.
Let 7 or black II<V
Sl'NNYSIDE ADDITION. '
Lrts IS. 19 or block 10; lots 45. 46 of block
IS. t
SAN MATEO COfNTT '
; Lot II of biock I, EsccndU! Tract.
ALAMEDA -COl'NTY.
I-cts S. 9. 10. 11 of block A, Broadway Ter-
race Tract.
j . MERCED COi:NTY.
1 The westerly of Fection ;i<4 and th-s south-
| east >< of section 25. In township 39 S, R 9 E,
• M. O. B. & M.. containing 4S0 acres.
1 For catalogue and further particulars, apply
to cur office.
G. H. I'MBSEX <fe CO..
20 Montgomery st.
G.. H. CMBSKK & <"O.. 20 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND
AUCTIONEERS.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$-0,00iV- Rrnts |1S32 per annum: Hayes St.;
improvements con?>i*t of 3 houses and 4
cottages; lot 55x120. ;
$15.C<O— Rents $1602 per annum; choice corner
In th,> vicinity of North Beach: improve-
ments censist of good building contain-
ing, stores and flats; all in good order;
brirk foundation, etc.
! $12.500 — n*>nts f7t/> per annum: Seventh St..
within 14 blocks of Market; a good.
substantial a-story building containing
L 2 store? and 2 flat?; lot 25x85; thia is "a
splendid buy; bound to enhancp.
I $7,175— Rents $s>40 per annum;, business ror-
ner near Eiphteenth and rastro sts.:
store, flat and 2-ptor>- dwelling.
•.FLATS.
$18.000 — Rents $1560 per annum; Larkln St.; 3
new, modern flats of S-7 rooms and bath
earhr lot 34x75.
$11.2.V)— R«=nts $1170 per annum; 3 new. mod-
ern flats cf 6 rooms and hath each: close
t» D.uhece Park; key lot 2.1x95
J9.000— Rents $1)30; near Halght and Webster
Ft*.; .'{ flats of 7-6-6 rooms and bath,
bay-'vindew*. brick foundation, etc.; lot
25xlOO.
$7,S00 — Rent? $73S per annum; Sanchez st..
close to Market; improvements consist
of 3 flats of 6 rooms and bath each; lot
25x100. j •
$7.250— Reduced from $7500: rents $728 per
- ' annum; Oak st.. : a rtiort • distance from
Market; Improvements consist of 2 flats
and 2 cottages; lot Tias 2 frontages.
I $«.25O— Only $1500 cash; 2 new corner flata.
Richmond district.- close in; 6-5 rooms
and bath each; balance can' remain en
mortgage.
INVESTMENTS.
$4,500— Rents $576 per annum; close to Third
and Folsom sts.; 2 2-story dwellings of
5 rooms each; a splendid buy.-
I $2.500-^ Rents $330 per annum; 2 splendid Mis-
sion flats, nicely located and handy to
care; lot 24x114.
; $1.250 — A «iap: 2-(=tory building containing 2
stores and 2 - flats, ¦ 5 rooms and bath
each;- on leaded -frround.
RESIDENCES.
j $7,000 — Devisadero St.. near Hayes; 2-story
bay-window residence- of S rooms and
V bath: lot 25x1 0«:3. • •
|- $6,500 — Fulton st.; a cozy bay-window 'regi-
1 dence of S rooms an-1 bath; handsomely
! finished; lot 25x137:6.
I $6,500 — Near Flllmore and Oak' sts.; new and
; ' modern residence of 9 rooms and bath ;
JuFt finished; a bargain.
\ For further particulars of the above and for
1 the Real Estate Record, containing list of prop-
\ ertio for sale in all parts of the city, inquire
! at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery at..
Real Estate Dealers and Auctioneers.
i BALDWIN & HOWEEL.
25 POST STREET
1 $1,800— Boyce st. ; nice cottage; lot 25x120;
near the car line.
I $?0, 000— Franklin ft., near O-Farrell, 3 elegant
modern flats of 7-7-9 rooms and bath;
rer.t for $160 per month'; lot 27:6xS7:G;
¦ always rented.
$?.JiOO — Lombard, near Van Ness ave. ; 2 cot-
tages of 4 rooms each; rent for $24
per month; superb view.
$7,500 — Second ave.. near the park; 2 flats
of 7 rooms and bath each: lot 35xll<>;
rent for $60 ptr month; $1500 may re-
main as mortgage. • •- •
$3,500— Fell st.. beautiful lot, 25x131:6; In a
choice location: suitable for residence
or fiats.
$7,500— I^aguna »t.. near Vallejo, 2 flats of
7 rooms and bath eao!i; rents for $5'J
per month; marine view.
$G,500 — Liberty <tu; residence of 7 rooms and
bath In the warm belt of the Mission:
lot 30x114; comfortable home.
$3,500— Splendid building lot " on Fair Oaks
. st.. 50x1 23; fine view; etreet bltumln-
iz*d: will subdivide.
$3,400— Twenty-fourth «., near Castro. 2 cot-
tages; front cottage 5 rocms and bath
and rear cottssre; rent for $24 per
menth: easy terms.
$6,150 — Vivinity of FIret and Bryant. 4 houses
o? C rRoms each; lot 25x160; rent for
$57 50 per month.
$13,500— Business property on Folsom st. ; 2
frontages. 2 etore*. 2 flats and 12 rooms
above store«; rents fbr $101 per month:
this is a chance.
LANDGREBE, MacNEVIN •& JONES.
' S34 Bush St., bet. " Kearny and Montgomery.
$41,000— Grand business corner on Post st ,
close in; improved with four large up-
to-date flats and three, stores; always
rented to permanent tenants at $3204 per
annum.
$25,000 — Valencla-st. business property near
.jeth st. ; two three-story buildings, con-
taining two stcies.and four flats of 6
rooms and bath each; always rented at
$2120 per annum; Hot 50x100.
$15.C00— Three two-story bayrwindow buildings,
containing two flats each. In the best
portion of the. Mission, near Fourteenth
St.; rented exceptionally low at $142 f>0
rer month: lot-51:Cxl25: bank mortgage
1 of $7000 at 6 per cent can remain.
$l2,5OO-^Page et.. . near Lyon: three elegant
new modern flats of 7-7-7 rooms and
bath each: rents $1260 per annum; bank
.mortgage of $6000 can remain.
$7,000 — Two swell Western Addition flats of
j.... « .J-8 rooms and bath; extra hlgh> base-
, ment: substantial brick foundation; sun
• ¦•« -all day; key -lot, 28x100; rents $C6Q per
' annum.
, See . our • advertisements In to-days 4 *Ex-
amlner" and "Bulletin."
LANDGRCBE. MacNEVIN £ JOXES,
834 Bu»h St.. bet. Kearny and Montgomery.:
; ONLY A FEW LEFT. ' 'f'
1 . v -- . $1 25 PER WEEK.
_ , -. ¦ NO INTEREST.
I Choicest lots In the Excelsior Homestead
; Tract; level as a billiard table: on street
grade; close to fine school; not. far from. the
MlsEicn-st. electric cars; secure one us an
¦ Investment and by the time it It 'paid -for It
will have doubled, in value- the way prices
have during tbe past y«ar; buy
now before prices become prohibitive in this
.rapidly growing section. . .
¦ '„ W. J. WHITE.
j 20 Montgomery at., r. 3. Phone Main 5704.
S77M— INVEST In the Mission new buildings
, , three flats each. 0 rooms and- bath; two
! ' frontages; all rented; income -$SSO ner an
num guaranteed: five car lines pass door-
Capp ft., near Twenty. sixth. HEVRV
i FUGE. buiJdcr and owner. IOCS Capp et?
$yS0O— CORNER. 100x100. with cottage 7 r
and b. ; et. graded and sewered- Jfo' "win
Richland ave. $0500. 3 new flats, r. r and h
• each: West ave.. off Mission: pay 13 per <.-„;
> en Investment,*' D. Coffin. 252S Mission.- nr.21.
COTTAGES.<a. 5 or C rooms; on terms same as
>. rent,. -Sec owner, lumber yard Army and
. Ccndon ets. ..-'',• ,* " ia
j v z jxe&x. jeygAjTB—- cgry— ro» -satis. : : .
LVON $¦ HOAG.,' , lit* MOnVEftrnery .^t I -f:^ : '
I' Send- for -our nrinted Ustn of property for •
j tale l:i all sections of the. city. - ..----
-: - .,. .. . ,. -¦¦ ¦ . ,¦¦ ¦ 1
COLONIAL COTTAGE. ':'
\ $l.VY) — J7,',o cahli; cozy cottage of .'.rooms and
l>Hth: artistic. v« ry iiicdim: cxcelltnt surround- ¦
iiiKs: ru:i nil rlay; lot 25x00; only 'J blocks south .
¦ •f llRifri.t ami i>-.ri ¦ fIm.. near Duboee Park. 1
EXCELLENT DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT- |
Sij.uu'j — 5JJ3 £<|uaic feet: downtown -Invest- |
n:tni; 2 bluclcs from City Hall; fine site for.
apartment house cr hotel; got particulars Xronl I
tha offl<---.
AN UP-TO-DATE RESIDENCE.
52CCO down bu>» -a. brand-new residence of
10 rooms and Lath, reception hall, hot-air fur-
nace, in the Western' Addition: only 20 minutes
rl.;e from Market a>iJ Kearny ei*. : price.
StiOOO; t.r:r.« cany. Get particulars at office..
, KliSlUENCB NEAR GOLDEN OATB PA UK.
?:;r-Of— Induced to effect quick rale," owner
kivins town; n;.-<!ern mttagr, Cr. and VLl cor-
n.T lot: alundasct i.f tun anil H^ht; 2 short
' blocks frorn CoMen (Jate 1'ark. - •'.-.
i'lNE RICHMOND FLATS. ,
. $57:.i>— Mali* pCer; a brar.tl-new Hats; 5 ,r.
ami b. »a.: nicely finished., and . la a ¦ location
that is ailvanclr.t rapidly. * •
j - FLATS NEAR PANHANDLE.
J>!i'.i'oO— Kfnts SjjQ a montlr. 2 new flats; very
muticrn: uncljstr.4<:tpil view; lot .25x100; near
the l'ark and Panhandle. .
HO.MIC ON tfASY .TERMS.
$-"0;:w- >.;r,0 tash. bat ?»•) nimthly; 2-story
modern hcure, e r.. and b. ; lot 25x1,11; handy
tu I'as-tro and 24th !"t. curs. --¦ • -'
MAK1XK VIKW. . .;.-•-
$C7<JO--Tw<:-Gtory lesidenc*. D rooms and j
bath; 2. eiutanc«>s; uould De easily changed j
Ir.M flats which would pay a ripe income; ,
. laree ,A. 40xi:J7:»i, r.*ar MUmbre tmd -Unuin. !
ONIi BLOCK -KHO.M MAUKET and' FOl'RTIi.
$e50\'— Lot HOxSD, bnckin^ uji to Ml»?iotf-st. |
.lfit:%oM imrruvcmenii>: ren:* $.'i5 a ir.onth;;.
cculd be. Improved upon to Kreat. advantage.. >
LYON & HOAG. 3 Hi M»i-.'.C'»niery et..
SOMK NEW LOTS
NEVER OFFERED BEFORE. : "
fSDO TO $050.
$100 CA.SH--$10 MONTHLY. •• • j i
If you want to make money or secure a
; choi-e home site, be out to the new- block
to-day: offered for the flitt tln.f. It is :be- j
tween T.nth and Eleventh aves.. J and. -K 1
. sts . only " blocks Irom the car line and .
<-r.-ilden Uate F«rlt. . -:.-••
L Th« land lies on a slight elevation over-
lonklrR the ;>aik and Golden Gate, and com-
mands a good view of tne ocean. I
I.ur.d at $34, §35 an<1 $38 a front foot'eo,
I close to the lmslners center of a large and .
1 rapidly growing city like fc'an Franc'.sto.. is
. extremely chop. ,
Don't hesitate., Sec the block to-day. Con-
¦ Fidtr the price: I you must lealize it cannot
• rtinHin at th«Hse figures Ions. Remember -tbe
ttrefts are niHcadamlzed, sewered,/ etc. - j
LYON & HOAG, ' -i " j
. 11« 'MONTGOMERY ST. v !
$70 PER FRONT FOOT. jJ£J\
LOTS ON DEVISADERO ST.. IN THE 1
NEW BUJCK SOUTH OK HAIGHT. I
ETREETS ARE B1TUMINIZED; GRANITE!
CITRBS AND SEWERS LAID. BEST BAR-
I GAINS IN THE CITY. ONLY 20 MINUTES
I FROM MARKET AND KEARNY STS.
' CHARMING VIEWS OF THE CITY AND
! BAY. CLOSE TO DUBOCE AND BUENA
' VISTA PARKS. SELLIKG FAST. NOTH-
I ING LIKE THEM FOR THE MONEY. LOTS
I A MILE WEST OF THESE SELLING FOR
! TWICE AS MUCH. BIG LOTS; MOST OF
THEM ARE 30-FT. FRONT.
HOW TO GET THERE.
TAKE HAIGHT-ST. CARS TO DEVISA-
DERO OR S«X)TT ST.: WALK' 2 BLOCKS
! SOUTH. OR THE ELLIS ST. ELECTRIC
j TO DEVISADERO AND PAGE.
LYON & HOAG,
* 11B MONTGOMERY ST.
• C. M. WOOSTER CO., G4S MARKET ST.
'' ' $-4500 — 6 good flate. 3 rooms each; rents $600;
lot 25xS0; near Sixth and Brannan. .
!, $5000— * Lot, extra large. 37:6x112;, Improve-
ments. %- front houses which at the . expense
I of $1000 can be remodeled Into flats and '2 good
I rear houses; the present low rents, $5S2. can
I be Increased to $1000 by remodeling; near
I Sixth and Foleom.
THE BIGGEST SNAP IN TOWN.
$4250 — «U feet from Sixth st.. 100 feet from
I Howard et. : the lot. 25x75, Is cheap at $5000;
: the improvements, a double house of 12 rooms,
j is always rented for $1SO. .,, .
j $3500^ — Handsome well-built residence, 6 j
1 room*. bath, .brick foundation; sanitary j
plumbing etc.; on Twenty-sixth st.. near.-Noe;
lot 25x114.
$7000 — F Our well-built Cats, .4 .and 5 rooms;
always rented; pays $S16; lot 35x115; on Capp
street.
•',$3500— Reduced from $4250; 4 well-built flats
I on Shipley St.. near Sixth; brick foundation:
I rents $46S: the lot, 25x75, Joins the rear of
j the Folsom -ot.. lot. . . ¦
f '$0250— rLbt •40^6x60: store and .3 fla.ts'; only
I 8 yaars old; well built; brick foundation; rents
I $1000; on Pacific st., near Powell, the main
business thoroPEhfare of this section.
$6250— Store and Jiving rooms; lease for $25
per month has six months to run: should rent
for $35; modern flat, 8 rooms and bath, can
be leaeed by the year for $30 per month; lot
25x137:6;. on"; Oak st..- near Devteadero. .
$2S00-;-Rents $372; 3 substantial flats.;' 4
rooms each; brick foundation; always rented;
on Vallejo «t.. near Hyde; the land alone" is
cheap for the asking price.
$385o — Two good substantial well-built flats,
5 and 6 rooms, brick foundation, etc. ; always
j rented; pays $432; on Broadway, near Hyde-
1 st. cars. . •' • •.;•¦¦
$15,500 — Rents $1500; 3 new elegant flats On
Geary St.. near Laguna; lot 27:6x87 :6V
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Climate, location and low prices tell.'
Our • lots fronting Ocean Boulevard selling
rapidly.
Nothlnz tike them ever offered In this city.
A great future awaits the Oceanalde district.
$450 to $900 — Graded lots fronting boulevard,
ocean and park; unobstructed view; easy terms.
$100 to $350 — Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
"Oceanside" branch office cor. H st. and 47th
ave.
Open dally and Sunday.
$300 to $100— Choicest Sunset and ; Richmond
• lots on Installments. •¦
$100 to $400— Level Excelsior Homestead and
Ocean View lots; near cars; $5 monthly.
$1250 to $3500— Modern cottifgii* 3 ia~: Sunset;
Richmond and Oceanside wld Mission; •*'
-easy terms. ¦
SOL GETZ "& SON. owners and dealers,
Room 54, fourth floor Chronicle bldg. ¦
GANCO, OUNZ & CO.,
634 MARKET ST
. • OUR SPECIALS FOR TO-DAY.'
SEE THESE SNAPS AT ONCE.
Nos. 20S2-20S4-2CSG Union et.. near Webster.
Three elegant new flRts. 0 rooms, porcelain
• baths.; -2 ¦-. separate toilet*; inclosed porches,
, cement ¦ washjtands gas -. grates, beautiful
, ; . Ulnlns-room with marine view, beamed ceil-
I Ing. studded with electri* lights marble
walnscoating in bathroom suite reception
hall, circular bay windows. • birdseye maple
. mantles, finished basement beautiful gar-'
den with cement walks, and in fact the mo-t
elegant buy on. the market; this- property
rents for. $1260 a year and will be sold for
the low price .of $10,500; large lot 26x100
feet; do not fall to see It to-day.*
No. 32 Hartford et., near Eighteenth and
Noe — Elegant modern home. 6 rcoms, porce-
lain, bath, fine' yard, high finished basement-
call and see the home to-day, as It is, a ble
bargain; price $4250;' lot 25x102 feet
- GANCO. GUNZ &,CO.,
¦'¦¦¦< 634 Market- St.. opposite Palace Hotel.
$8500— FREDERICK st.; f 2 hew flats'; 6 and 7
rooms and bath.
$4800— Noe st.. nr. J8th.; 2»flats, 5 and 0
rooms; bath.
$3500 — Church et.; 3 flats: 3, 3 and 6 rooms.
?3600 — Cor. Church and Day; store and flat-
part vacant ready to build on.
$3000— Sanchex Bt.; 2 flats: lot 25x114.
J2100— Buena .Vista, ave.; 5 rooms; lot 100x70
J1700— Thirtieth st.. near Church; lot 50x114
Waller-st. lot.' 55x85. .^, ., . " :
$1.000 — Waller-st. house; 8 rooms, bath
PATTERSON, room 202 Examiner, bldg.
$25,000 — , INCOME ' $6000: Uerced 5 County
. 122 S-10. acres: 80 acsjs*: peaches -and grapes
C acres alfalfa, 17 acres grain, lofl acres
under Irrigation; modern 10-room house with
ges and .all. conveniences; new-large barn,
sulphur ami fruit houses and all the equlp-
• ments of a well ordered orchard; livestock,
¦ .poultry, farm Implements, ¦ etc., ¦ -Included;
houart ' on gentle slope, commanding mag-
nificent views;, one mile from town, R. R.
station and school.' ¦ , ' ¦
... LYON &.HOAO. 116 Montgomery st. »•
WHY NOT BUILD ! '
on that vacant lot of. years?.. We loan .full
cost "of Improvements and rart lot at 6 per
cent: plans furnished if desired. See us.
MANHATTAN LOAN. CO.. Crocker bldg.
$250— $50 DOWN, balance $10 per month; fine
lots, 25x100. near Mission and Thirtieth sts •
streets sewered and graded; *2 blocks 'from
'. Guerrero-st. 'cars. B. P. * OLIVER lit
. Montgomery st. , • ¦ .'. " ¦' .'¦. , ;
$3000 CASH— Cottaite. 7 room*, bath, ; conserva-
. .torj'. large basement; large lot; - 3 minutes
from 4 car lines;, open to-day, 12 to 4. 650
Ninth ave., between B.'and C streets. .
BE AS.-ESTATE CITY fOB. SAIiBy--;- ;
SHAINWALD/ BU.CKDEE & CO.; , r " '' • • • I
' r ~ •¦ -21$ and 220 Montgomery St., '¦ - •' ¦ .
Mills Bulldinr.
MARINE VIEW.
t*' EXTRA LARGE LOTS. ,
; Overlooking the Golden Gate, Twenty-sev-
enth ave.. north of I-ake st. There lots espe-
cially adapted for homes being 37:6 ft.- wide
by a depth of 12o feet; price $1300 each; cath
or terrrs; ttrect work and tcwer completed.
$S,500— California st.. near Stockton; residence
10. rcoms and baih: gcand marine view;
... .near Fatrmount Hotel.
$25,000— Beautiful marine view residence' on
Waehlngton, ht, near Locust; thoroughly
modern In every respect; containing all
up-to-date conveniences; lot 03x127:8}; j
feet. .... . .
roPK TRACT. I
ELEGANT RESIDENCE LOTS. 1
f'RKAM OF PANHANDLE PROPERTY. j
SITUATE. ON L'OLE. SHKADR. GRATTON j
.. - . ..AND , ALMA ,SARETS.
: .FIRST SUBDIVISION.
htreets and lutg graded, macadamized and
sewered ;-. every lot- ready to build «n. For
further particulars, prices, etc., lnuiiir* 1 at our
office. Special Inducement offered to builders.
$2,000 — Ashbury f«t.. near Hayes: lot 25x106:3
,. feet, adjoining . Uolden Oate Park: sewer
.,.. and iras connections made; a snap.
.. ,. .. I
"$S.7oO— New flats; Presidio Heights; vents $75 <
?a . P*f month; always rented. !
' " V • ' • !
$30,000 — Northwest corner, opposite Alamo |
square; elegant apartments, renting for 1
,, $212 50 per month; lot 70x125; partially
iiriTOved.
$12,500— Stores and flats on Sacramento St.,
\ • •. - near Central ave.; rents $110 per month;
lot 50x100 ft.
$8,250 — Devlsadero-st. corner, near Eddy, with
.¦; . fine. 2-Ptory residence: lot 25x100 ft.:
- price Is very reasonable.
.-.:•¦ • . . ' ' ' *
$10.000— Filbert it., near Hyde; fine marine
7 ' view; residence of 10 rooms and bath;
lot 48x137:0. ft.
$0,000 — Devisadero, near Halght: residence, 8
rooms and bath: lot 25x125.
$17,000— 2d-«t. corner, nr. Harrison; 70x05 ft.;
fine site for modern business building.
Get a copy of our printed list of propertleo
for sale. ..-' ... . . <-
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
: 213 and 220 Montgomery «.. Mills Bldg.
F. B. SURRYHNE,
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
13S MONTGOMERY ST.
$S,OCO — Close to .Sacramento and Taylor sts.;
4 two-story houses of 6 rooms and bath each:
rents $S0 per menth; large lot
$18,000 — Close to Polk and Sacramento; 3 fine
2- story houses, 9 rooms ami bath each; rents
$120 per month; lot 65x118.
$5250— Store corner, Union st; cottage 6
rooms: should be raised; lot S0xS7:6.
$3400— Close to Union and Mason; 2. cot-
tages; lot 34:4x48:0.
$4000— Stockton st. : handsome new 2-story
residence. 6 rooms and bath; easy payments
If desired. •
$10,250— Must be sold; a fair offer will be
entertained; Fell H., nr. Webster; good 2-story
house, tt rooms and bath; could be easily con-
verted into flats: and 2 new modern flats In
the rear of 4 and 5 rooms; total rental $74 per
month; let 27:6x120; mortgage of $5Q0O.can
remain if desired.
$14,000 — Rents $135 per month under lease,;
3 swell flats of 7 rooms and bath each; best
part of Union st; mortgage of $7000 can re-
main If desired. ¦--•
$725U — Near Church and 24th sts.;. 3 bri.nd
new flats of 5 rooms and bath each; rents
$72 50 per month; lot 25x75; a bargain. ¦ .
$6250 — Nr. Valencia and 16th sts.; house or
11 rooms arrangfied In 3 tenements; rents $45
per month; lot 24x100; an offer would prob-
ably be entertained.
. $7000 — Nr. Market and Sanchez; 3 substan-
tial modern' flats; rents $63; lot 25x100.
/ $5r."0O—, Rents $600 per annum; close to 9th
and Natoma sts; -4 tenements, 4 rooms each;
lot 25x75; mortgage of $2700 can remain if
desired. .- ¦ ¦ ¦ '. • . -. • •
.$4250— Cloee to 6th and Bryant; 4 tene-
ments; rents. $47 50 uer month;, lot 25x75.
• $1600— Will .-show a nice turn Inside of elx
months; northeast* corner C st. . and. 23d ave.;
120x100; big -. Improvements going pir—ln the
immediate vicinity; .small amount cash, bal-
ance In monthly payments. ..' .' .
$250 — J4th ave., almuft on the Beach; 25x
l?0: installments.. ."*..-'' • ' . , .
: $125— 41st ave. ; 25x120, ', !
$100— 39th ave.: 25x120. ' .' ',".
My October catalogue shows some nice prop-
osition!); get one. . .
NEW ' SUBDIVISION— NEW SUBDIVISION
GOODALL TRACT.
.25 beautifully situated .lots fronting, on
Buena Vlgta ave.. Waller and Devisadero sts.;
extra large frontages; streets accepted; stone
sidewalk laid; surrounded by a desirable class
of. Improvements: and another great feature,
terms within reach of all; if you are looking
for a choice building lot, don't fall to look at
this property.
F. B. SURRYHNE. 13S Montgomery st.
/autcWAA. mo. t j*. 'i;te
d^z^? AsbictA tiiys. fi.fi * «o
McLduneil. fa.** /pf 'S
PLYMOUTH AVE
These extra choice lots to be sold as a whole
or in subdivisions to -suit purchaser. -
$2200 — Bay-window house ot six rooms, 4 cor-
. ner lots, barns, chicken houses, vegetable,
¦ flower. garden and cypress hedges around the
property. • .
$1800— Neat cottage, 5 rooms, bath, etc., lot
30x110.
TH1STLETON. 272 Sadowa et.. Ocean View.
., City of flee with JOOST SONS & CO.. .320
1 Bush st ¦ . .
* HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property, '
$10,000— North side Jackson, near Buchanan-
good house of S rooms and 2 baths- lot
• 35x117, to rear street 1 . •¦
$8.500— North side of Vallejo, nr. Polk; good
house of 10 rooms; cost $12,000 to build-
may be altered. to flats profitably; verv
fine view of bay; lot 45x170. y
$13,500 — Fine house; Leavenworth, near Clay-
9 rooms and bath; laundry in basement-
f building In first-class condition; view of
,. , . Golden Gate from J rear.
$6.500 — Good houee and lot; Octavia. near
¦ Broadway: 7 rooms and Bath; fine view
:; .. of bay from front or rear; this is a
• j bargain. • • •. • ."¦
$18.000— Lot. -Larkln, between Chestnut and
. .. Francisco: 55x137:6; fine view of bay
assured forever. •
$8,000— NE. corner- Larkln and Lombard-
29:6x110; has superb view, of bay; street
.», work all done; neighborhood growing
r .\ : fast. - - *.;, .;";•:.'
$5,400 — inside lots adjoining above; 27x110-
„ Hyde-st. cars close by. . '
$7.000— Lot SW. corner Larkin and Lombard-
-.25x105; fine view of. Golden Gate from
; side and -rear. •' ... .- ¦
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st
. . ; J i ,WHT NOT BUILD ~~
on that, vacant lot of yours?. We' loan full
cost of improvements and part lot. at 6 p»r
cent: .plans .-.furnished if desired. See - us
,. -MANHATTAN LOAN CO., Crocker bldg. '
EXCELSIOR lot at a sacrifice; only $200; short
distance frcm Mlsslon-st. cars. McEWEN
I BK0S.7 118 Montgomery /Bt.
$225 LOTS in the Mission; Investigate quickly ¦
..you will be surprised.. Box 29S2. Call office. '¦
:tBBAL -jBBTATB— CFCT— ?OB- BALg..-
t>AVlD$ON & X.EIGH, 207 ' Montgomery -»t.
- Real 'Estate Agents. * - Phone Main 12X»
Jlents collected. Odd. Mill* Bldg. entrance.
st. WhW-^^H
S2.S50— Mission cottage. 24th St.. near Fol-
Kom: C rooms and bath: $15(iO mort-
•i cage; pay $1350 cash, and say ofT
• • i balance gradually; this will surely
«e!l this week because its a pick-up:
do you want a 'snap? Get this quick.
$2.S00— Rents $420: 3 flats. 4-4-5 rocms. back-
ing up to 6th st.; on best renting
street south of Market; buy this, part
tash. and let rents ray off mortgage.
$3.M)0 — Orient* *3tX>; two swell flats; MJuslon
warm belt, cloee to 19th and Valen-
cia; 5 a.U'1 '' rooms and bath; brick
foundation, wcoilen mantels; flush toi-
let*; up till vesterday these flats were
held at $4250; buy these, live In one
and colltit $17 60 per month from the
other.
S4,9CO— Rents $57fi; four houses of 4 and 5
rooms, each having «*r>«rate yard: en
large lot, :;7;0xll2, close to Cth and
• , ,-H-irrlson; recently renovated at great
; ., expense; best buy south of Market.
$4,050— Urannanst. corner; i>tcre, suitable for
grocery, bar. etc., with 6-room flat
alov. and Ktable »n rear: rents $4*
, per month; lot 2">xl00: this property
• • is cli»e to «th st. and the improve-
ments are almost new, modern and in
Rood condition; values are on the rise
in this section.
$5,000— Rsnts $612; 4 flats, 22d and Valencia
..st?.; always rented: you won't have
to "spend a dollar on them: no other
proposition in the Mission warm belt
can compare with this.
$0.600 — Mission corntr; Noe St.. near Market:
2 modern Hats nt S and 6 rooms and
old established wood and coal yard,
bcrn and stalls: lot 29x112: present
•rents $57 50 per month; both streets
bttumlnlzed; this Is a snap for some
. Industrious, man wishing to invest in
real 'Mite and go Into ' business for
- . himself; large mortgage can remain.
$7.500 — Webeter-st. residence: make offer: 15
,. rooms; g-ood plumbing and well elt-
. uated near Clay St.: ccst $12,500; a
good speculation.
$7,500— Sacramento-st. flats;' Just completed
h ] arid positively rented for $70 per
month; rents guaranteed: these are
simply delightful; 0 rooms 'and bath
each; permanent light spa.ee all sides:
', • • high basement, concrete walks front
and side; larze lot. 27:6x132: mort-
gage of *4000 can remain; these are
what you've been looking for.
$22.600— Water lot. rear Epear and Mission;
the cheapest and best one on the mar-
ket; full plxe. 45:10x137:6.
$24,S5O-rBush ajid Mason; large lot, 41x137:0;
apartmerit-houfw Mti;- rented now for
' $150; good Improvements. --
. CLAYTON ST. LOTS TO TRADE.
3 lots, well situated, grand view; close to Carl
Bt. and ready to build on; frontage
on Tremont ave.: aiso will trade for
income property In W. A., may be
south of Market, aa high as $7500.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 207 Montgomery »t.
MADISON *' BURKE,
REAL "ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1S5S.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House
$40,0CK) — Corner on Octavta st, near Butter:
flats renting for over 9 per cent; lot
60x87:6. ";
S1S.500 — 2 fine new flats on Washington St.,
near fine park; 8 and 9 rooms and bath;
rent $1660 per annum,
$20,000— Powell-st. business property; 63-foot
front, running through to rear street;
' old improvements paying $1260 per an-
num; fine property to. Improve,
$10,750 — Page St.; 2 up-to-date flats, 6 and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent. $000.
$6,000- ; -Bryant st., nr. fld; modern flats; well
1 rented; lot 25x80.
$5,500 — Nato'ma st., near 8th; two good flats,
with high basement; rents $4SS per
. annum; lot 25x75; must be sold.
$3,100 — Harrison st.. near First; house rents
$18; lot 20x68:9.
LOTS— —
$4,100 — Fillmore Bt.. near Grove; , lot 23x
. 1 107:6. , . ' ..
CHOICE INCOME PROPERTY.
$5,000 — 2 modern flats; 5 . rooms and bath
each; near Market . and ' Guerrero sts.;
. , w rent $504 per annum. '„. . '.,". v » -.
. $5,00O^-Two flrie lots"; Beulah st., near Stan-
' ., yani 50x137:6. -.- ..
$i,075-^-HarrIsbn-at., near. 28th; fine, cottage
'..'.- ' 5- rooms and bath; lot 25x110; cheap.
$4,500 — Chattanooga st.. near Twenty-third;
large lot, '65x117:6 to rear street.
$5,000— North -Beach Investment; 4 flats; rent
$504 per annum; large lot, 40 ft. front,
on Bay st. • • >
Lots 27:6x137:6, on Sutter st., between Steiner
and Pierce.
.Buildlns lots. NE. corner Golden ' Gate ave.
and Baker st.; In sizes to suit; prices
• from $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6. on south line of
Geary at., near Klllmore.
MADISON &. BURKE.
30 Montgomery St., opp. Lick House.
HOOKER & LENT.. ;..14 Post st.
$140,000 — Downtown corner, close to Hayward
buildinr; brick: 4 stores and offices.
$52,500 — Rents $430 per month; 3-story. build-
inr; only 3 years old; modern; cheap
rents; lot 78x125; east of Polk st.
?25, 000— Post sf... near Hyde; 8 houses; lot
50x87:0; good store location. •- : .
$22,500^ — Business corner on Laguna St.: stores
11 and flats; rents 8167 50; substantial
buildinr. 1
$20.000— Flllmore st.: rents $125: lot 50 ft.
front; best business block on Flllmore.
$13,5.00 — Mlsslon-st. store property; rents $103:
Urge lot. 60x122:6. '
510,250 — Two ne& marine-view corner flats;
very attractive: rents $87 50.
$8,500— Laguna-st. corner, near Ellis; 2 bay-
window houses; rents $60. ' ,
$8,500— Northeast corner on Ellis st., 32:6 ft.
front: close to Flllmore.
$7,500r-Four flats; Bryant st., near 3d; lot
40 ft. front: rents $54; always rented;
offer wanted.
$0.000— Three flats; Presidio Heights; rents
$65.
$5,250 — New fiats: rents $48 60; on car line-
north of Geary st. ¦ . • •
$5,000— 10th st., near Mission: residence of
8 rooms and bath; in fine condition;
key lot; a bargain!
$4,500— Flats; rents 540 per month; on 22d
St., near Ostro-st. cars; 4 and 5
rooms; lot 25x114.
f 3.500— South of Market: good lot and Im-
provements; rents ?40; offer wanted.
HOOKER .&. LENT, "14 Post st. ,
W. B. McGERRY & CO.. 230 Bush st.
.,„ - i Mills bldg.. grouifd floor.
$12,500— Special! Special Broadway business
property, 43 feet frontage: store and 2
flats and 2-story house of 11 rooms and
bath; rents $1000; nominal.
SS.OOO— Steiner St.. 'near Ellis, 3 good flats
modern; lot 23x100; rents $7S4.
$7,000— Geary st., 2 fine flats, 5-6 rooms and
bath: rents $650 per year.
$5,750 — Two fine flats of 5-6 rooms and bath,
vicinity Sacramento and Jones; there
are first-class property. .. . . .- .
$2,750— Hampuhlre st, near Twenty-first
beautiful cottage. 5 roams and bath-
exceptional bargain: best buy jn this
district, . ¦ .
$2,700— Noe' St., very swell ' 6-room cottage •
large lot: fine yard. . ¦
$2,300 — Mission, warm belt, 6-room house amd
• . 4-room cottage; lot 30x100; forced sale-
a real barsain. .
$15,000 — Three swell new flats, close In O'Far-
. rell at... 0-7-7 rooms and bath; beamed
. . and coved ceilings; marble steps- key
lot. '25x125; sun and light In every
' room; rents $1440. ' - . ., . . .
See different ad Chronicle and Examiner.
WHY NOT BUILD
on that vacant— lot of yours? -We loan full
cost of improvements and part lot at 6 per
cent: plans furnished If desired. See us
.-¦-: MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bldg
$2600— Cottage. 6 rooms: on 29th st. : ~ r ~
$700 cash— 2 new flats;. 18th St.; read» »«
, plaster. Apply 3207 Mission st J °
FOR sale — Nice cottage of 5 rooms and bath
with high basement; cheap;: 279 Jersey at
-. near Noe. Inquire next door, 2S3. ...
SNAP— 2 modern flat* of -Sand 6 rooms. near
Fifteenth and Market sts. Apply 53 Henry st.
PARK I lota;^ will . exchange for .Oakland, • Ala«
: meda, . Berkeley/- Box 2504. Call- office.
HBAIr C STATE — PITY — TOB SALB.
THORNE & KILPATRICK.
312 BUSH ST.. mar Montgomery.
INVESTMENTS. , h
$43.000— N. E. corner. In hotel district, nortn
of Market: 60x00. with :! frontages; i««
on both streets; vresent impruvenients
nominal; first-class building woul.l V'»>
$I2,500^-Turk St.. near Market: strictly mod-
ern hotel building; improving nelghrxir-
' Golden Gate ave., near Market: *S-f**?J : ?i
J value mostly in the land; leased fi>r i<>
years; pays 7 rer cent on selling prK* 1 .
.; 1 thia property will certainly double in
value before lease expires.
$47.5C<*— Howard «t.. downtown: ..» ". rro " 1
through to rear street; old Improvements ,
a Kood buy. . ,, ,„- . rt .
$15,CC0— Oak St.. near Killmore: lot . f a:bxlui .0.
. :i elegant flats. <J large rcums and bath
each; every mm sunny and In p*rrcti
condition; reduced from $ 1 .'i».000.
$12.W)O— Central location in th« Mlselon; R flats
of 4-6 rocms and baths: larte lot. .^x
156: all In tirst-class condition; concrete
yard; excellent rt-ntlng n?lshborhooJ; no
vacancies; income $U44 ptr year.
$7,250— Valencia st. -between -1st and _-d.
good a-rocm house: stor? built under-
neath would make fine investment.
IDEAL HOME.
Orly $7500— Ccst $U.5f>0; elegant modern resi-
dence, S sunny rocms and bath; grandest
view in the city; ex.-eptlonally fine r-«l-
dence location : built for permanent
home, but change of business renders
sale imperative; situated en Hayes st..
n*ar Stetner. facing a beautiful park.
I PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER RESIDENCE.
I J8.C0O— Buchanan St.. south of \allejo; 7
rooms and bath: marine view.
DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE.
Geary St.. near Van Ness av*.— Fine modern
rentfence. 11 rooms and * a o ths; fin-
ished basement; heater; lot 30x120 to
resr st.; this prcperty can be had for
about half its value, as it must be sold
at once.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$3,500 — North side of Green st.. west or A. an
Ness ave.; 27:6x137:8.
33.500— South side of Union at., west of v an
Ness ave.; 27:6x137:6.
$8.000— West side of Van Ness ave.. between
Green and Union sts.; each 27:ox
101:7 4-5. .
$9.2B0— Northwest corner Van Ness ave. and
Green St.; 27:6x101:7 4-5.
$7,600— East eide of Van Ness ave.. north or
Union St.; 35x107:3.
$6,500— Golden Gate ave., near Laguna st. :
27:6x137:6.
$WX> each— California St.. west of 21st a-re.
and east of 22d; lots GOxlCO; sewers In.
SPECIAL.
$2,250— Including completed street work; key
• lot. 25x102 Vi ft., on east line of Leaven-
worth St.. $7:6 north of Chestnut: sur-
rounded by elegant new Improvements;
eheapent lot in the city.
THORNE * KILPATRICK.
« - 312 BUST ST.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post Street.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE LOTS NEAR THE
OCEAN BEACH.
$10 monthly; lots ranging In price from $1CO
to f75O each: commanding grand view of the
Ocean and Boulevard driveway: lots level,
fenced and ready to build on: lots, sold by us
In this locality In 1902 have doubled In value:
an investment In one of these lots will double
your money.
LOTS OVERLOOKING SPRECKELS LAKE
AND THE GOLDEN GATE PARK.
$10 monthly will secure you one of theae
beautiful Investment lots; think of what 10
years from now will mean to this property,
and to you If you own a lot.
. BUILDING LOTS'.
BI'ILDINO LOTS!
In all parts or the Mission. Potrero. Heyman
Tract. Parnassus Heights. Sunset Heights a-nd
other homesteads from $100 up and $5 to $10
monthly Installments; lots all ready to build
on.
A home de*s not mean a rented houee: a
rented house is but a temporary shelter; a real
home is owned by the family living In It. and
their Interest is in it and they learn to love
it; that Is the sort of home we want to sell
you: let us help you secure one; the> money
that you are now paying out In rent will pay
for a home in a few years, if ycu will only
give ' It a chance.
SIXTH-STREET PROPERTY.
$20.000 — Good Income property: In first-class
condition; lot 50xS5; on Sixth St.. with 25x75
on Harriet «t.
RICHMOND FLATS.
$5000 — 2 newly built flats on California St.:
well rented and bring in fine income; *250o
bajik mortgage can remain.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
¦ . At a sacrifice; 8 rooms; well finished: fin-
ished basement, attic, east and west expos-
ure; first-class Improvements; easy terms if
deeired. • ' ¦
They are working on the new S. P. Bay
Shore line now; we have a few lots left close
by for $250 apiece: easy terms.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
Also Office JACOB HEYMAN CO.
VON RHEIN REAL E3TATE COMPANY.
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
- MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$7000—25x100; Twenty-fourth, bet. Mission
and Capp; store and flat, renting for $65 per
month. • 1
CORNER ELEVENTH AVE. AND LAKE.
$7500—72x107 ft.; will subdivide; one of the
most desirable corners on Presidio Heights.
ARTISTIC MARINE VIEW FLATS.
Two modern flats. Just completed; rents
$82 50 per month; a bargain.
SPLENDID BUSINESS CORNER.
$9000 — A corner en Castro and Seventeenth
sts.; 45x00; Irregular.
CHOICE MISSION HOME.
¦ $6000 — 12 feet front; Liberty, near Guerrero;
well-built house of 10 rooms and bath.
BUSH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY".
$30.1100 — 10:9x137:6; north line of Bush St.,
near Mason; improvements consist of a lodging,
house renting for $150 per month.
CORNER UNION AND MASOZ? STS.
$12,000 — 57:6x60 to rear street; Improve-
ments, store and flats; renting for $S0 50.
CASTRO-ST. COTTAGE.'
$3500— Castro, south of 16th; 25xS7:S; cot-
tage of 5 moms end bath; must be sold to
close an estate.
¦ PINE-ST. FLATS.
$12,750—25x100; three new flats on the north
line . of Pine at., near Flllmore. renting for
$105 per. month.
ASHBURY-ST. HOME.
$9000—806 Ashbury. near Frederick; 30x100;
modern .colonial residence.
SCOTT-ST. HOME. '
$6750 — Scott, near Sacramento, opp. Alta
plaza: beautiful, well-constructed home of 8
rooms and bath; should be seen to be appre-
ciated.
BERNARD STREET.
$2500 — Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath
rentin; for $20 per month.
PARTIAL LIST OF OUR HOLDINGS—
North line of Fulton, near Lyon st.
"East line of Seventh ave.. near Clement
Twenty-sixth St., near Dolores
Twenty-third St., near Castro. '
Duncan st., near Church.
All well selected lots, level and ready to
build on. *
-Lots south of the Dark.
Lots north of the park, close ao the Ocean
- boulevard.
Lots In the Mission from $150 and upward.
We sell our lots on easy terms and can
build home. Just as you deslr? them? your
rent money to pay for the home! Six
houses In the course of construction ready
for your Insrection. ' rcauy
WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO.. Home Providers.
616 Sacramento st.
LOTS $10 PER MONTH
PRICE $.150 EACH.
CASTRO^R 1^.^ 31 "' 1107^^
DIAMOND 1 STREET
GLEN AVENUE'
DOUGLAS3 STREET
SURREY STREET.
t,-.^™, ,. . CHENERY STREET.
TVATER MAINS LAID. STREETS GRAD-
ED. SEWERED AND MACADAMIZED. ALL.
READY TO BUILD ON. ONLY A FEW
STEPS FROM THE CARS. CONVENIENT
/TO STORES. SCHOOLS AND CHURCHES.
TAKE GUKRRERO ST. CARS. REPRE-
SENTATIVE ON GROUNDS EVERY SUN-
DAY. RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
ONE-HALF MILLION
DOLLAS ADDITIONAL BEING INVESTED
BY THE STANDARD OIL COMPANY
AT POINT RICHMOND.
WHY " NOT TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS
• OPPORTUNITY?
Only $5 Per Month. Lots Level.
- Streets Graded.
McEWEN BROS.. 113 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR sale— House of (J rooms and bath. 2 fire-
places;, every room with sun;., price $4CO0:
small payment down, balance can remain rn
monthly Installments. I st., between 17th
and 18th- *ve.. 1 block from park. Sunset
District, or Inquire room 1212, Call bldg.
$2800— RENT $*0. 3 flats. 4 rooms each; on
Vallejo st.. nr. Leavenworth. Inquire 1128
Vallejo st.
COTTAGE. 8 rooms,"- bath and basement, 83
- Cumberland st. .
$X0O— GOOD building lot. close In. easy term*.
r E, R. ATRES. 4S1 Valencia st.
BEAL ESTATB--~«3ITYrrgOB: SAIrS.
- SPECK & GO..
!XQ MUN^lGOMEtiT STv
P»llinc. . . Ilfrt.) Collected,
1-ejj.incr. ' Insurance,
JCDO.CCC—^up»rb comer, vicinity Cowel] ani
Kllis stj.; :: frdntaees .inn* ot li>!> ft ¦.
" corn«ra; il-story biiiUiBs}, stores and
¦S."> room*; ran . he leas id . for *! 17". ; -> r
month: 7 I-:: net.vtr cent bsveaioaoi
$Z3jaX>—3p\itl&tA bdttamm rroj>erty; „ ?; p( , r
cent n?t invrstmen;: un.«r leas*; .<-iu-«
tr» Kearny at. aad. east 01 F'lrv; let haa
|Wo lror.tzs°»:. invtstitat*. .
IIS.CDC— Splendid }<!)-fciox busines? Virncr on
Dttisadero st.. s^Wth o; t>^ir>; rer.'ir •
for 91313 jeurly.
$l.i.0C0 — Corner, \lrinitv Unvcrwlcfl st. and
Stf-lnor; M7:f xl:57:6. vflr) v abt*. tapteve-
nients rent;ns for tl">t> sn^ntij . ;h it
(MM roaiilly r^nt t..r $ - J25 Baonttrj .1
poFitlv* harcaln.
$17,0C0— SpIenf'IJ correr. Misslfn tn^m* prn;>-
erty: store a:iil lints; rent I1C6O yearly
lot W>x:i7:«;; only h-»lf Imarowd. •
$ir>,r^!O— W» feet frr,nt«ge; t! Kddy s*.. ffat^; twi-
story and basement; unts $127 .".".
•$l»,COO — Thre*. ele^unt fT<"». mudern flit^;- 4^.
slrable rart of Western Addltt-vir: .; ;
foot lot: rents $UH> yearly; r^asonibi.
oi!-%r ent"»rt!iired.
$1C.OO» < _-Ijit 4I:«T-Ki:iT;rt. with fine irnrr * .
ment.-t; on Kin* *t . clfn* 1 lo-B'i^r
rents $li'-_'f> year.
$11,600-- I^»t 2Tixl.!7:ti. with imprnTern»nr* ra
south stJ«» Tine- *t.. n^ar Mashn: *pin-
•111 location.
$3,500— Two m.>l»rn flat*, vtrtnitj Pur«T c a
Frir.klln sts.; ."'» fent lot; rer ¦
$?<»>; a Kr.t-ui hay.
I3.50O— Three .-•rl'i'H.l r^w flat» on Ca
¦t.. n.'ar P.roderlrk; all Tent»<l fit <-»
a m->nth; lor 23*100 f>«t.
I6.0CO — fnccme $*0« a year:- six ftat*. .-¦.,
blfv-k fmm Hihernla IUnk and or* - 1 •
block frcra new Fcstofftce.
$t,5C0 — Snuth of Xfarket st. lnvestm»nt, r-^ v .
ing 17 per cent net; flats ;' 25- foot tbt;
Investigate.
$3.500 — Two Mission (warm belt 1 * fiats, n«-v.
Sixteenth sr. : monthly Income $1O.
RESIDENCES.
$11.800— Clay ?t. rP3iJ?nre. n^nr Ooagh; cwth
side; 12 rooms and baths; dsllg&tfu.
site; lot 20x123 f*»t.
CTIOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$13.500 — Fine lot on Eleventh • sf.. Bear TFol-
eom; ,V>x2*v> feet; mak» offer. "
$7.000 — Ueautlful marine view lot; nrrth tide
Broa«lwjy. near Ortivia st-: 27xl37:A;
rerlureii pric* for <julrk pale.
$8,730— 5nxl37:H; splendid residence site; Pa-
cific Heights; r.ort:» side cf street.
$1,000— Market st.: 25x100; clos« to. comta*
business section.
$1,300 earh for very cholca lots in Bicn-
mond district; close to maja eatraao*
Oolden Oata Park: rn four car lia-ii;
nothing better In vlclnltT. '
SPECK A CO.. 209 MO.NTOOSIEKT ST..
Opposite Mills Building, . .. - .
E. H. LANGE & CO..
S3 Montz3xr.ery si, ro;m 53.
Choice park residence property; streets bt-
tumlnlzed; car passing door; houses built to
suit. ' ,:.'..
CARL. ST. -
I n^OL^l *Q C « « Q O S
I S C AJ 7v « « • « O « 2^cCP
\13t>tJ> % e c c « n PT
\\t0 6 O *""H^ **TPn
¦trr^rr sooo n
PARNAS8V8 AVK. .
$7,000 — Shrader st., between Carl and . Par-
nassus ave.. elegart new resident; hard
finished: beam c»ilinK. etc.
$3.650— Brannan st.. near Sixth. stor.e 'and
small tenements; lot 2oxS0; rent $20
per month; bargain. ¦
$17,500 — Vallejo st., near Hyd>. ft small flats,
4-S rooms each: lot Wxl:J7:6; rent $i;.i
per month, alvtaya r»r\teO
E. H. LAN'UK & CCk.
28 Montgomery st.. roon? ZZ.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANT!: AND TRUST COMF V\'Y
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOX-ED FROM MILLS WILDING TO m,*, ke
COMMODIOUS Cll'AUTERS IN II \Y-
WARD BUILDING.
THE IMPORTANCE
Of knowing that the title to ynur preperty-
Is clear and inconteMible is most- apparent
when you figure, up the expenso- of litrgatfen
and the possible loss of your Interest* ••'' io<j
We examine tithes ami if through 'wftakness
they are subject to depute or contr-st we pro-
tect you against all loss by Insurance. f
Doesn't cost much, either.
THE ONLY PAN FTiANCTSCO TITLE IV-
SL'RANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality piant or cocy of tht> real estate rpc-
ords. constructed especially for insuring real
estate titles like modern plants of New York.
Boston. Chicago and Eastern Cities: reajjon-
able rates. Regular trust company business
transacted under State' charter; all matters
controlled and managed by the followine
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
•WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank cf California
CHARLES H. BISHOP. "c^V?*
ROBERT BRUC^ 55 **"* °< <^^^
HENRY U DAVI?. f ™ tmlT - Gut^" * Ox
President California Oatlcal Ctv
P. N. LILIENTHAL. "«»cai i_-».
TVARREN M o a^E e Y. Ant!< " Callf0ni!30 ****-
CHA^Lks PAGE', Mi °™ 79 ««-O««l«.
Page. McCutchen A Knight. Atft~.
A. T. SPOTTS, B "• ACl y*«
Mgr. Cal. Title Ina. and Treat Cr^
JOHN R. SPRING. X " Ist Cw '
_J Capitalist. B30 California, at.
HOAG & LANSDALE. 7" ~"~^
108 Montsomery St.
CHEAPEST LOTS IN THE CTTT.
Between Van Nesa ave. and Franklin St.* 1?t-i
and ready to build on; only $1300 and
$1250; you can double ycur money ea
these lots.
$3,000— New. artistio residence, betes; built
near the park; 50-foot corner lot; btt
sure and see It.
$2.300— Hill st.: 4-room cottage; lot 23x114.
$6,000— Vallejo- st. corner; s!za 43x112:8: ma*
ring. view. , -
$25,000 — Broadway, near Baker St.; clze 8T:ftx
137 :fl; fine marine view.
Rents $S9; price $7500: pays 14 per ceat; corner
Int. south cf Market st., 43 feet front-
age; a great bargain.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Splendid marine view; brick residence; «a*tr«
ground floor paneled in mahcga&y; tat
particulars call at office.
PINE. NEAR POWELU
Four new flats renting for $133 per raontlij •
good, safe investment: prica $22,5001
Send for our list cf lots !n all parts of the
city.
HOAG & LANSDALE.
10S Montgomery st.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you, lot Included.
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
$2100— MODERN cottage fcr sale. 830 Alva.-a-
do St.. between Hoffman dve. and Douglaas.
ALL work guaranteed - first clasa by AH1»
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. S36 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and best to America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address la tae>
United States or Canada ona year for $1.
pottage paid. '¦
SA»JMA^EOJBEAX^E3TATE^_^^
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo elec-
tric cars; 43 minutes from Cth and MarkeE
st*. : outside the fog belt and Just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay saors "cutoff"
will join the mala Une: second subdivision
now being offered; SO- foot lots from $40O up;
terms, first two subdivisions only $10'dowa
and $10 a month: sewer and water pipes In
front of ttrrr lot; pure artesian wen water;
balf the lots In subdivision No. X wer* so! I
*ln two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot In this desirable ._>ctioa on
easy terms: take the electric cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK: maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBT. TJODOERS & CO.
Tel. Main «73.- 116 California st. ;
BOSS VALLEY SEAL ESTATE."
NEW subdivision In -Rom Valley; B minutes
from Ross station; only 23 beautiful lots on
Larunitas road in the heart of tno valley,
surrounded by elegant residences : full *lew
of the mountains; lota S70O each: price* 'will
be double .next spring for land in this
vicinity; now '3 the time t»-gw!n and w
what the property -!s like In raJny. weather.
CROKER & CO.. solo agents, San- -Anaelmo
station; office c:>en Sundays, with rig, rain
or shine. ; :
POINT BICH2SONB REAL ESTATE.
FACTORY site — On lines of Southern Pacific
and SantJ Fe road» and proposed "eTcetrio
line to Oakland; solid gronnd;' abundahe* of
water: electric power within- 60© • feet* of
property; terminal rates over both railroads:
help can secure town accommodations: thl»
is the best and bas the most* facilities, ©f
any site offered for .sale •on the conttnantal
side of San Francisco Bay.* For pftca *aad
full particulars see : .
J. H. MACDONALD & CO. '"--; '•
1052 Broadway. Oakland..THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 9, 1904.
41
KEA^_ESTATE— -COUyrB.'g — Tor Sale.
WHITE & DATUST.
SBoocoon to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN BAKCHE-S UVGHTWHEREL
.,. EXCHANGES.
• 10 per acre — iTn.j m-ie;- S.nonn County;
rtjosiiy rolling, tine ai:uviai *oil: 4"> acre*
!-rem-h prunes. 5 a-.rcs walnuts and api-Io:
vineyard; well rcm-ed and LI (MS frnrrrl- cor-
ialt: rine dwelling; p.-..i barns: i«.-ickins: hou«».
or>ine plant; 4<J .-Httle. »; hoi-se-=. •*¦> hoa-J
:«rin mod »pring •Ragon* harr.?s^ tool.= : »'»rk
Mill, cost IliOiJ, took $7i3eu off place- last *ea.
ton.
_^on>r wanted— Vinryarfl. noar St. Hflena:
"- 1 acres; no in twM ww grar^* 1 : vin<*s 4 to
1" years old: 3-story stone winery, with tun-
fiel. fu!ly <Mjuippcd r.-ith .-oop-Mag* for l(KM>00
gallons and modern machinery: piped wat*T
i>*tt»ni from c-nrnt --< K«-rvoir?: s-r'«m bouse;
Fummer cottage. l>arr.i>. etc: ¦'! land -Illabie;
"v*F<->n. t.otstf tool* including maturing crop
»r 300 ton& of Brai.es. worth SOuOO: SlO.oOC
tue!\ balance on easy 'terms.
r.iOOO— In Msr.tcca .ilfa!fa district; «".O aT»s
»andy loam cr, main irrigation canal; ."io acres
£rand Ftand alfalfa pri.duet-d <» tons an acre:
*¦ ai-rcs fruit and s:ra*">-; brick residence, 7
loomt; new L»rn; -n-rdmi"! and tank; 1 inlle
«.f •ream.ry and railr'-ad t-iation.
I::.*., i, — « mil»> of i-anta Kosa und near *«ta-
"¦on: Ruf<isn River f>-ttom; 25 acres; '• acres
iineyard; n«w building?; 5-rooni ar<1 bath cot-
t! Fe; good b«rr; *»in-1n-i:i and tank; poultry
feOWWj ere this ar.1 If you want only part of
it win F ell un*rr.rro*.cd portion at $10i' per
acre; if you -»»*u to raifw corn that will make
tb» Kh:m. article ' s:>ie <?t^p " see some of our
hotres on th»- Rus^iar Hlver.
JDT.oo — J7 arr *£ i n Ore»n Valley, near !=•-
*e\cral «¦•«•« berries; JUkjo can remain.
Thirteen acres rich valley land near Sono-
rr.a City; 3 acres fine grapes. 15 years old,
balance peare and assorted fruit?: 'his sea-
er>n's crop easy JTO<*; no buildir.j*-; forced
e«le; slrupiy make an offer.
*I500— All lrv»* 10 acre*. 2 miles of Calis-
• a* 6rr.a!l orchard; good house and barn; 2
¦netts; near school
ALFALFA LAND.
1100 rxr acre — One mile cf Modesto; 5 acres
tip: *< cash.
150 per acre — 3 uii^es of Modesto; 20 acres
up: %i cash. •
f.-'O per acre— Near Lodi. on the Woodbrids*
caca]
TINE DAIRIES IN HL'MROLDT.
TV> fcave a larfr? llet cf completely equipped
*«lrie5 in the best section of Humboldt Co.:
20 acres up.
$2500 — Fine summer resort In f or.orr.a Co. :
F-.ape ftmion and I'. O. en r!a<^: -41 *^<s
cer.u-or.ir-g 1000-acre range; 8 acres bearing
orchard; hay lan<!; good house and 4 cottage*.
sM furnished; bath; dancing platform; horses;
farrnlr.* Implements: see this quick.
•SSO — S -xlles of GeyeervlUe; 2>4 acres: 6-
room house, large barn. 2 -rood ¦»-->ll*. rolling,
e'l In vineyard; oak tree*; fine poultry farm.
S1000 — Only 3 miles of Sar.ta Rost; 10 acres
black loam; 1 mile town; $3u0 down; Cne for
roaShouse.
$5500 — Cloee to Calistoga. !>0 acre?: 45 level
•productive loam soil; well fenced snd cross-
fenced; plenty fine water; fine prune orchard;
eood hous*. barn and outbuildings. We have
a lanre lift of desirable homes in this locality.
Let us drive you around.
(2CS0 — North of Waisonville; 65 acres. S acres.
full bearing apples: 9 In grain: fine berry patch:
40 acres timber; flowing stream; 9-room house;
large barn and granary: water piped to build-
ings. We have a choice selection of fruit and
grain ranches at reasonable prices in this
ticlnlty. See a tew.
t::>'"j — Rich a'luvial valley land, near IJuena
Vifta nation; 15 acres In full bearing orchard
and vineyard; modern 7-room house: new sta-
ble, windmill, tank house, drying plant; farm-
ing tools; horse: 750 chickens: 2 cows; fully
equipped for poultry'; only $2000 down.
$60u buys SO acres 1 mile of town; 15 creek
bottom; house barn; orchard, vines, berries.
fl500 — 4 acres rich Russian River bottom
land: half ml!e of Geyserville. Sonoma Co.:
shade trees; house, barn outbuildings. We
have at l»a*t 40 eina'l orchards and vineyards
to offer in tti» fine section, where the quality
cf the prll i* unsurrasfM and farm mortgages
ere practically unknown.
$2500 — At Horlar.c; 4- acre*: 7 bearing vine,
yard; S L*y and garden land; 2 bearing or-
chard; windmill, tank, tool*-; 100 laying hens;
half rash.
J1700 — Only 9 miles jf San Jose, close to sta-
tion and town; 24 acres rolling land; 10 acres
!.-•:•. prune* and cherries: Rood 5-room cot-
tagr; ».-able. poultry houses; 3 summer houses
for tpun:m-T boarders; running water; close to
t-^tiooi. 6ee this quick.
$475^— On Guadalupe Creek, south of San
Jose; 33 acren; 12 In full bearing orchard In
fin«- condition: balance gently sloping fine hay
'.an<I: fine creek; 25 magnificent oak trees; 4-
toom cottage; good rtable; fine income. --"Ife
hav.. a choice list of small homes in Santa
Cars County; pleased to drive you around
and thow them.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
iroperty and poultry farnia.
fl5.<»00— 74 acre»;_ about .*50 Russian Ttiver
bottom land; 32 acres fine bearing vineyard;
3 6-room house; r«t= in every room; 2 barns;
brick storehouse: cement reservoir; large win-
ery and distillery; half mile of town; would
tub-divide; fine investment.
f2K.W- *i>>. acreu in Petaiuma: all bearing
fruit: new modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath:
»:-fuot basement; barn, hoires and bu-jgy; 9
joultry house?: brooder and brooder houses,
windmill and tank; water piped over place*
loolf. CW ebfcfcCM; photos here
*20r/i— r,4 acre* near Watfonviile: 200 apnles-
6 acres fine jMjtatoes; 2 acres timber; balance
grain: 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings
fJCOO— Sonoma City: 4 acres rich dark loam;
a'l level; orchard: oozy cottage, cement cellar-
barn. **ir<irr.lil and tank; 5 poultry houses- feed
room: 240 hens. We handle all the choicest
probity in this vicinity and will be pleased to
drive yeu around.
$12<^«— 10 acres in vine and fruit belt, near
Lodl: sandy loam: 5-room house and barn
f.-WKi—Near Santa Cruz. «0 acres rich al-
luvial »oll: ft acres orchard, mostly apple*- 10
acree grain: balance timbered pasture; 5-room
fc. use. barn.
"F2000— Near Santa Cruz. 12 acres; 2 in fruit-
Louse. 5 rooiB*: barn.
P«nd »tamp for the largest and most diver-
r.fieti printed lift on the coast
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
2C Montgomery st. room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
ALFALFA, CORN, CATTLE. HOGS.
ALL THRIVE ON THE LANDS OF
BUENA VISTA COLONY.
The i an^ ls sediment fofl or alluvial deposit,
is loamy and rich; grows all the garden and
-rid crops; ditch water for irrigation, artesian
water for domestic purposes: will ncll for a
taort ti-r.e at f25 z*r acre; J2 cash. 50c per
acre per month; if you are looking for a home,
Jiuera Vista Colony is the place.
P. H. JQRT;AX CO.. C38 Market st
FOU SALE.
JG..OO- r»* a um in the city limits of Peta-
iuma; 4 acrou fine orchard, all bearing; hard-
nnisii house of T, rooms, bath and pantry*
bot and cold water; high basement; fine
windmill ana tank; water piped all over
r.ace: good barn; 18 chicken-houses, brood-
ers and incubator*; 1000 chickens; 1 cow. I
horse, buggy and wagon; 2 sets harness;
a.l tanning tools; sandy loam; beautiful
view; no btrcnts. Address P. O. box 440
Petaiuma, Cal.
LYON &. HOAG.
COUNTRY DEPARTMENT.
,_ V 16 MONTGOMERY ST
lVOOrt acres rich, irrigabl- f-acranumto Valley
land: Moulton ranch; 4<- sacks of beans ti>
the acre; price new .*: cents pound: land pays
fur Itself in a year; J.5 an acr?: fruit, alfalfa
sugar rrfct lard J7.*i an acre; grain land $20 up'
Alame'ia. Santa Clara. Sonoma, Contra Costa
County lands.
FOR sa*e-$*.*<XK>— 40 acres choice fruit table
or vriuo grape land, BJJ miles from Gait
S-air-imer.to Co.. Cal. '
eJOG— U. arres of choice land, well located -
-r-'ould make fine <h<ckcn ranch
•4000- Half down; 1C0 acres of table or win-
Crai'e land.
j;;o.OO*t— 100O acres or choic-p fruit land Sac-
ramento Co., suitable for subdividing'
AdOregs I--QX 15, Gait, Cal.
™ .anch 1750 acres. Sonoma County,
lying vest of fckaKRs Sprites; Gualala P.iver
run. through ranch: fine feed. scatVrtnx
t:-r.i>tr and tanbarfc plentiful numerous
j-pnets* 8 ,cre« in f rui t; 40 :n grain: hoa."
barn, corrals, chfdcca houses, etc ¦ c-a-d
DAIRY raw* 17:- «;*: chPip .
fslfa on irngatr,*! flltcfc: good ltr.provcment«-
VJ head oT milk cows. 41 t.>r.* of hav chkl-
cms. farm machinery, etc.; 1 tn |i e " "£,,_
ONE-KO1KTH ..f ..„„,: -rain «r-,f lwi . fa . la .
Address box 15. <;a*t, Ca!. "•••">-.
•Mn-r- ONLY for a ir«rt. arre , wk _. ~ — —
4.v. ACRES rear Hei nuJfr- Ie-^e~n7~i7^ — 7*.
hay land. R cr-k bottom; VleV r T( U ''"I,™
«y rr>a<i. btTilrtir.t;-.. ,tc. BAtsm-Pt^V
VOUXG. i.72 Wn,a«lw. y . Ogk-an,? i'-af &
ATTENTION. HOSE«EFrri-»i '
J>t,a pomal for caUJoJSer^^^. : *,.
barsnin. Jn California. C M. WOC^TER CO
C»* Market rt. *-^-xi-K CO..
FOB r*-nt-S.vcv'l i,]*r~s r .ear .-ity* '. to '~a
s-rff. rhMii. ".•<; MMit c ,.-.,e,v y{ . Vo,, m k
?A»KS AJTO KAKCHSS TOLSASE.
FOR rent— Three-acre on-hard, with 14-room
I HEAL ESTATE — STTBUBBAIT.
POINT RICHMOND business or residence lots;
I'alo Alto and vicinity Stanford University;
N.->;-a, vtry tine home and ranches; Santa
. Hi t-a. bonne and lot*, bargains. A. W. 1
'BELL. 417 Parrott bldj. or Palo Alto.
MODERN house. « rooos and bath. In Hay- I
j v:*r.;s. Box u»s. Call office.
REiifT oaroB sale.
TO rent— The Rowland farm. 450 acres good
land, well watered and fenced; also 40 head
of cews: ti ill sell or rent; everything |re-
qu!rrd to run a dairy farm. Apply in person
t-> P.. B. ROWLAND, Orinda Park, back of
Berkeley.
I CKICKEIT RANCHES.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
<~» rt ii ar ,- View T:art. ar San Leandro
Sufcrihidlnj? fin* orchard on gentle slope: size
I to suit; <-aey ttrms; plenty wat»r: flr.e fruit;
.<a11 for details;: c-o end w-s Sunday. Owner,
: T1-: Mills building.
I BE A I. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
•JO ACRES In Nevada County. California; ex-
! rhnnj;*.' for stork of *tcodf<. Box 2U85. Call. I
j WANT to «>xohanRe building lets for a house
"r fiats. Call 7!l2 Lynn M..
j BEAT. ESTATE WAWTED.
j TWO-STORY house. f» or inor<» moms: West-
ern Addition: ->tate price. Box 273S. Call.
i ALAMEDA ADVERT ? S'M'TS
1 ; I
ALAMESA SEAL 2STATE. i
I HAVE YOC SEEN THE BKAUT1FLL HOMES
I WE AUK OFFERING FOR SALE? j
MUST BE SEEN TO BE APPRECIATED.
ALL MODERN CONVENIENCES, THE VERY
LATEST IMPROVEMENTS AND MOST
PERFECT ARRANGEMENTS
OBTAINABLE.
IL-EAL.
CHARMING.
SLTERB.
IN THE CHOICEST LOCATIONS IN '
ALAMEDA.
PURCHASE A HOME IX ALAMEDA.
j The healthiest, prettiest and most desirable
place for a honve in the world.
A FEW OF THEM.
$C5nO— Elegant new S-rcom colonial house; a
I pronounced architectural success; beautifully
j doslRned; every possible anangement made for
\ comfott.
S5500 — New 8-room colonial house, corner lot;
a bargain; surrounded by beautiful homes.
$55<>0 — See this home if you want a bargain;
3-rootn cottap-? and attic; lot 50x150; stable;
worth 17900; owner leaving country.
$4500— EiBht rooms and bath; lot 45x150; San
Antonio ave.
$.'S7. r >0 — Six rooms and bath; cottage; lot 40x
150; nearly new.
$2500— Six-room ccUage, new; lot 50x150;
; modern.
$1800— Fine bargain; 4 rooms and bath cot-
j taRp; porch, flowers, cement walks; on princl-
I pal avenue; must be sold.
ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
I 1*»00 Park st.. Alameda: Phone Alameda 430.
ALAMEDA PROPERTY.
A HOUSE FOR EVERYBODY.
Thirty lots from S1O to $16 per front foot;
fiv minutes from Fifth st. station; $.50 down,
j balance easy terms.
Humes from $1000 up, on terms; must be
• seen to be apj»r«-ciated.
FOR EXCHANGE.
A fine 7-room house, modern, for San Fran-
I cisco pro*,*erty.
One-story and basement cottage; upper flat
j pays investment. Apply to A. R. DENKE,
j 14<,><» Webster Ft., Alameda. or C. A. Pomeroy,
! 11 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
I HALLY & CO.
GREAT SNAP.
$2'J5H — Modern 7-room 2-story house, high base-
ment, finished; .elegant condition; Just va- j
<-at*d by owner; located in center of town
near railroad ttation; house worth the money
i alone; Lafayette st.
j $lwo — Two-story cottage on Santa Clara ave..
Iii center of town; 7 rooms; lot 25x150; good
buy.
• $2. r i<K.' — One and a half story cottage; lot 50x
150. on San Jose ave., in heart of town;
bnrn on iTemise*.
HALLY & CO.
2315 Santa Clara ave.
Phone Ala. 105.
I NICE lot. 50x150. ob a macadamized street;
muct be sold at once: $650.
4-room modern cottaf-e. near Grand st. sta-
1 tlon; $300 cash, balance $15 per month; good
investment.
5-room cotta-je; $1(500; rents for $18 per
month.
5-room house. 1"4 blocks from Park st.
station, narrow gauge; $1100.
Fine fe-room house, near Grand st. station;
! nearly new; J2500; fine investment.
j G. L. LEWIS, 1316 PARK ST.
?3*^5O CASH will lmy an elegant home of six I
rooms; larce lot; choice location: must be
sold on Recount of removal. HAWK &
MEHRTENS, R. R. ave and Webster.
NEW modern cottage 6 rooms, on a lot 50x
IPS; nice location. 15:{0 Union st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'XTS
BEBKEZ-EY EEAL ESTATE.
$5500 UP-TO-DATE modern house In the Daley
scenic park, near college and electric cars;
h room*«. etc.: large lot. Apply to
W, J. MORTIMER & CO., Btrkeley station.
; FOR cale at a bargain, a fine lot on Ridge
i road, near Euclid, facing south; ask your !
: friends who live in Berkeley what they think I
! of this location. See i
I \V. J. MORTIMER & CO.. Berkeley station.
$000 SPE4HAL for a few days; a sightly lot
i In the Wheeler Tract; street macadamized.
] W. J. MORTIMER & CO., Berkeley station.
$UV) — GOING like hot cakes; large 50 foot lots
in the McGee Tract; now Is the time to Ret
in on the ground floor; this price includes
gradinK. sewer and macadamizing; terms if
«!esired; a big piece of land for little money.
Apply at once to
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.. 2123 Cent-r st.,
Berkeley: Special Agents.
HOPKINS' Terrace Tract Is now attracting
; Tvides-pread attention; send at once for map
j of prices: don't delay; grand view; streets
> macadamized,
j W. J. MORTIMER & CO., Berkeley station.
ALBEE & CORYELL.
Real Estate Dealers.
Are offrrinc for sale many beautiful homes
i and desirable lots In Berkeley.
! <*;lb00 — 4-room cottage; lot 45x127; east of
Shattuck; 4 blocks from station; 5 min-
utes' walk from the Key Route: street
work and sidewalk complete; $500 cash;
$20 a month.
' J2C00 — 5-room house, new; corner lot; three
{ minutes" walk from Ashby station; $500
1 i-a*-h. balance easy terms.
I 1 $3200 — 6-room house; lot 5Osl35; convenient
to Dwlrht way station.
$4Q00 — 7-room house, nt-w; lot 45x100; 3 min-
1 utes* walk from station.
$4500— 8-room house, new; lot 37:5x135; near
station; south frontacc. t
It you desire a home In' Be.-Ucley don't fail
to corre?i>ond with t:s or call.
ALBEE & CORYELL,
2130 Center it.
CHENEY & CO., ~ '
BERKELEY.
WE BUY AS WELL AS SELL
SEE OUR INSTALLMENT HOMES. $2500 UP.
A snap — Fine corner on Claremont ave.,
220x262: trees and runnlnc water.
2 lots ea*-t of Telegraph ave.. 50x120 each;
will sell for ?1000 a lot; for this week only;
worth $1500.
A cheap lot on Dwisht way and McGee ave.:
earner: street work done; If you want a lot
for future Investment on the Installment plan
scrnm one in Peralta Park from $2C0 to S500.
Sunny corner on Warring st. and Channlne
way. T3000.
CHENEY & CO..
Temporary quarters at room 12. University
Savinrs Hank building.
TO EXCHANGE.
15 acres, situated 1M, miles from Haywards,
nr. rounty road; " blocks from sc-hoolhouse:
cortalnlng cabin: ground set out in apricots
ard prums; >lenty of water; will exchange
for 2-story 7 or H room house in Berkeley;
-rained r.t S4.VX).
5.'2.;nrt— Neat ."-room oottaRe. lot 50x135;
1 beautifully laid out In flowers and fruit trees:
ftreet wcrk con:i-lete; close to local trains;
only .5200 cash, balance $-0 per month. XV, c.
MORAN. Lorin Station, South Berkeley.
1O-ACJIE tract In the heart of Berkeley that
can i»- cut 119 into bulldin-r lots and realize
a snod profit: for sale cheap. Also 0 acres
lor $G5<nt: a big bargain.
J. P. HALE. 1011 Shattuck ave., North
Pcrkclry.
$5o»!0 — ELEGANT cottage: 0 rooms: large sta-
ble; 2 lots. 100x135: ornamental trees, bear-
ing fruit trees; beautiful lawn; near Key
route; fine location: elegant home. HEDE-
MARK & JACK CO.. I» Montgomery st. and
S217 Adeline St.. South Berkeley.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'XTS
11EKKELEV REAL ESTATE.
FORCH cf circumstances cause' for selling cor-
mr lot. with 2-story buildlntr, store and t
living-rooms <.to\vr.statr*s and 5 rooms and
bath UDstairs: lot vSOxllO; street wcrk done
on one side; price $2250: mortgage for $1400;
look at ihl.s and make offer; this property is
in o.od location and only 2 blocks to «ta-
tiun: 1 block to electric cars. O. A. RU-
DOLPH: open Sundays; Lorin Station, South
Berkeley.
NEW 2-story house, bath, pantry, folding
doors, gas fixtures and electric lights; alao
gas stove, connected: refrigerator built in
bouse; writing drsk built In library: large
rooms, extra line mantel and everything first
ola*.-*: lot 4<ixlCO; ctrcet work done; cement
i-opln* and sidewalk; Just think, only S.H5OO:
terms $000 cash, balance tame as rent; close
to Key Route station. O. A. RUDOLPH.
i>p«n 'Sundays, I^orln station, Soiith Berkeley.
SNAP— Almoct new; five-room 'cottairo. bath,
pantry, brick foundation, wash-house, chick-
en-house and rabbit-house; nice carden; lot
80x125: 2 block* to Southern Pacific station
and fiectrle cars: also factories*: price $1250:
house alone cost $l«00; terms $200 ca*h. bal-
ance Siti monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH, open
Sundays, I>irin station, South Berkeley.
A FEW SELKJ-TIONS FROM MY NUMER-
OUS LIST OF PROPERTIES.
$1500— Houm\ C room*, bath; well, windmill
and tank; lot 40x130; ftreet wcrk done;
cash $300 down. (104S)
$2500 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms, bath, etc.,
lush basement, combination fixtures; lot
38x135: 1 minutes from Adeline station;
cash $.VK>. (1913)
$•.'500— New cottage. 5 rooms, bath, etc., base-
ment; eleotiic light; lot 40x135; street
work Jone; ca*=h *3Oi">. (1943)
$2750^ — New 1 U-story house, 5 rooms, bath. 2
toilej«. »tc, combination fittingn; Jot 40x
13!i; street work and sidewalks dene; cash
$5C0. U»Mi>
$3200— Commodious residence. S large rooms,
bath, boxroom, laundn*, 2 toilets, etc., re-
decorated throughout ; lot GfixlOO; on
Grove ft., near Dwlght-way station and
high school.
$3500 — Moaein 2-story house. 7 rooms, hall,
bith, el?., paneled dinlng-rcom, up-to-
date fittings; fine loestien; on corner lot
on Telegraph ave. (1911)
H. D. IRW1N. Lorln Station, South Berkeley.
Open Sundays. Carriage In attendance.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$2700 — New 6-room house; in fine location;
¦street work, sidewalk and fences all In; this is
a snap.
$:t.V>0 — 6-room house, nicely tinted walls, g-ood
hardware, electric lights, fuel gas; everything
about it is complete; a bargain.
Are you Interested in lots? If so, we have a
corner on macadamized street for $675; inside
lots for $450; street work done; others for from
$650 to $3000; fine locations. We have many
bargains in houses and lots ranging from $2000
upward. Pleaee give us a call and be con-
vinced.
F. H. LAWTON & CO..
Phone Derby 1102. 2147 Center st.
FAIRVIEW PARK.
A beautiful tract of land, situated on the
SE. corner of beautiful Berkeley, divided into
50-foot lots. These are offered at the low price
of $900 each. Terms, one-fourth cash; balance,
1, 2 and 3 years.
These prices include all the street work and
sidewalks and tree planting.
Only 2 years ago the Berry & Bangs Tract
was opened up at $1000 per lot; to-day theae
lots are selling at from $1750 to $2500. The
Falrview Park Is just south of the above, and
equally as good. Buyers at to-day's prices will
surely double their money. Maps and other in-
formation from JOS. J. MASON, on the
grounds, or Berkeley Station.
S-R00M house, one block from College-ave.
car line, for sale at a bargain.
4 acres adjoining the University grounds,
$500 Der acre.
$800 per lot — Lots on College ave. ; street
work done; on easy terms.
7-room house for rent at $25 per month.
Two acres adjoining this house for rent at
$5 per month.
11 -room house for rent, furnished; all rooms
now rented: adjoining the University
grounds; splendid opportunity.
We have a few snap*, in houses and lots.
R. A. BERRY & CO..
Postofflce Block, . Berkeley.
LOOK AT THESE FOR BERKELEY BAR-
GAINS:
$3000— Shattuck ave.; 2 flats; rents $31.
$3150 — New house. 6 rms.; cor. lot. 45x100, nr.
Key Route; street work done; $800 cash.
$1500 — Cottage. 6 rms.; lot 38x150; rents for
SIS; must sell.
Improved and unimproved property in all parts
of Berkeley on easy terms, same as rent;
lots $400 up; close to trains and electric
cars; we will build you an elaborate
house or modest cottage, on your own
terms, or submit your plans and let us
figure on them. HEDEMARK & JACK
CO.. 11 Montgomery st.. and 3217 Ade-
line st.. South Berkeley. .
BERKELEY^ ~ ~~
See Isgrigg & Harris for what you want; we
have genuine bargains.
$3500 — Business property; $40 per mo. In-
come: increasing in value; investigate.
$600 to $1038 — lots 60x130; choice location;
cement walks; street work done; south -front-
ace; terms. -•
C2750 — 6-r. new colonial; your own terms;
a lovely home; Golden Gate view. .
$3250 — 6-r. colonial, reduced from $3750; lot
60x135: must be sold at once; $800 down, bal-
ance like rent.
For rent — 6-r. cottage; choice location: $30.
$1500 — Lot 35x135; in the heart of the
choicest residence section. - - — - - - -
ISGRIGO & HARRIS,
Dwlrht way,
NW. cor. Shattuck ave.
A FEW SPECIALS WORTH YOUR CON-
SIDERATION. , , . . ,
$3000^ — Only $500 down and ¦ the -balance at
almost your own terms; this is a new 6-room
house: lot 40x115; one block from- car line.
$3000 — Fine 7-room house In . rural North
Berkeley; has good elevation and is convenient
to trains: lot 40x135; terms, easy. .
$5250 — Elegant 8-room house on Piedmont
ave.; lot 45x135; chance to secure a good home
cheap. .,. , .
$600O— Magnificent building site, fronting the
university grounds; In the Daley Scenic Park;
sice 80x144:6; fine elevation."
A f<=w elegant lots left, trontlnr on'Chan-
ning. Piedmont and Durant aves. , For prices
and map apply to
JUSTIN fc BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck ave.
PRETTY cottage of 5 rooms; good location;
$1200; terms to suit. • -
Ellsworth, near Parker: house of 4 rooms;
good well; fine lot; $1800; $400, balance less
than rent.
Virginia, near Grove: G-room house, $3000;
$80O down, balance at 8 per cent; lot 40x120.
Six lots in North Berkeley, 2 blocks from
station: view cannot be cut oft; a bargain;
$2750 If sold at once.
TO RENT.
Elegant residence of 10 rooms; on Durant
ave., east of Telegraph; $50 per month.
NEWTON & NEEDHAM,
2131 Center st.
Insurance. Loans. ¦ » Notary.
THERE are still several choice lots unsold In
the McGee Tract, convenient to transuporta-
tion and the business center of Berlcr.Ioy;
many new homes are In course of construc-
tion, and others are being- planned; call for
new macs and terms: Berkeley Is the i>lace
to live. FRANCIS FERRIER.
2121 Shattuck ave.
BERKELEY BARGAINS.
Two fine lots, 100 ft. front; very close In*
$1500 less than any surrounding property.
A fine 8-room house In Berry-Bangs Tract at
a barsaln.
Nice C-room house, wholly en monthly pay-
ments; no cash.
Full lot. 50x130 feet; street work paid: only
five blocks from Berkeley station; only $:;.-.(>.
Full block, ¦ two acres, C-room houiie, barn
and fruit. In live county-seat town; $3500; ex-
change for Berkeley property.
LYMAN ALLEN,
i 2120 Center St.. Berkeley.
$000 — 5-ROOM cottage near car lines,
$121*0 — 4-room. high basement; near station-
s-room, ?1200.
$2S00 — 6-room high basement on Shattuck ave.-
fine house; splendid location. '
?'0<xi — New 0-room 2-story shingled house -
eleaant finish.
$^500 — Three new 7-room houses, 2 blocks to
station- ¦
rbone Derby 890 MURDOCK & CO.
Open Sundays. Lorln, South Berkeley.
ASHBY STATION SNAPS.
$100 cash and $12 per month buys a fine lot
at Ashby station: all street work; price $700.
$500 cash and $20 per month buys a beauti-
ful "new 5-room bunealow at Ashby station;
large lot; all street work; gas; rooms tinted -
price J2500.
$2000 cash, balance $25 per ' month, buys
store and flat building at Ashby station; leased
for $37 50 per month; price $4000.
V. C. EMSLIE, Real Estate. Ashby station.
$700 — A GOOD corner lot, 45x135; 1 block from
Telegraph ave. ¦ , ,
$750 — Lot 35x126. on Telegraph ave.
$1000 — Lot 46x133. on Telegraph ave.
$1300 — Fine corner, 46x123; on car line; close
to station; all oh* easy terms.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave
BERKELEY. Cal.
DOUBLE house. 18 rooms; 3. blocks from unl-
\crslty. In choicest part of -Berkeley; elegant
surroundlnrs: owner groins: East* and will
not refuse reasonable offer: splendid chancti
fir Investment. HEDEMARK & JACK CO..
11 Montgomery and "3217 -Adeline, - fc-outh
Btrkeley. -- -y .
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BEBKEI.ET_BEA3^ ESTATE.
NICE cottace of 7 rooms,' pantry, etc. ; nicely
arranged; front and side porcn; nice lawn
and garden: bargain; departure, 1 ',4 blocks
from S. 1'.. nnd Key Route station.
$2510 — Bay-window cottaie, 5 rooms, pan-
try, etc.: hardwood finish; windmill; 50x
250: t-xchanjre.
$1SCO — Cottage of 5 rooms, etc.; barn; good
well; lot 55:;100; near station.
$1400— House or 4 rooms; floored basement;
well, chicken-house; .15x133; near station.
JOSEPH STRAUB fl C30 Market St., S. F.
$700— A GOOD corner lot, 45x135; l*blocJc'from
Telegraph ave. .
$750 — I«ot o5xl2«, on Telegraph ave. ' '
$1000 — Lot 4(jx138. on Telegraph ave.
* $1300 — Fine corner, 46xl25;on car line: cloee
to station; all on easy terms.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave..
BERKELEY, Cal. #
ABSOLUTELY A SACRIFICE — INVESTI-
• GATE TO-DAY.
10-room residence, .thoroughly modern; lot
80x2KO; 3 frontagfs: orchard,- "bjwn, .various
minor Improvements; .*? minutes from eta-
tion: our best SKfiOO offer.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
Open this p. m. 2140 Center St., Berkeley sta.
A BEAUTIFUL country residence In Berkeley,
consisting of house of 13 rooms; 2 acres of \
land; grand old shade treee; a picturesque !
spot in the center of a fast-growing neigh- !
borhood. For partlcuars see • I
MILLS, the Real Estate Man. 2167 Shattuck.
A SNAP for cash— 200 acres (unlncumbered) \
finest land Northern Cal., or exchange for \
Oakland. Berkeley or P. F. residence proper- 1
ty. OWNER, $75 :!7th St.. Oakland. j
• 1 , 1
$15G0— A SNAP; 3 lots, each 40x1.15; street '
work done on one side: must be sold. Write '
t.> P. O. box Itt*. OWNER. Berkeley -station. |
FRUITVALE ADVERT'S'TS
rEUXTVAI.E BEAIi ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale* 296.
Office, half block from Frultvale station. j
$12O0— Cottage of 4 rooms, high basement;!
choice corner; beautiful view; fine full-bear- '
Ing orchard; nicely fenced: small barn: close
to street cars and fine grade J school; lot lOOx
125; fine place for chickens.
$150 cash— Jus<t completed; up-to-date cot-
tage of 5 large rooms, pantry, bath, high base-
ment; commands a beautiful view of the bay
and mountains; 2 blocks to street cars; offered
at a sacrifice; lot 50x120; monthly payments,
$18; price, all told, $2000.
$2250 — Chicken ranch; new house of 5 rooms; I
chicken houses and yards; young- fruit trees;
large fine shade trees; nice creek; fine loca-
tion; close to school and street cars; lot 125x
200.
$2100 — Splendid house of fi rooms and pan-
tries; fine well, also city water; fruit trees
and flowers, all surrounded by a fine picket
and wire fence; lot 100x200.
$1150 — Nice rustic cottage of 4 rooms, high
basement; fine, well of splendid water; chicken
houses and yards: property nicely fenced: close
to graded school, postofflce and church; lot
60x100.
$1300 — A big snap; new 5-room, large pan-
try, bathroom, 2-story, shingled house; close
to local train and street cars; nice large lot;
street sewered and macadamized. 1
$1700 — Just finished: handsome colonial cot-
tage of 5 rooms, bath, pantry and ¦ high base-
ment; close to fine school, local train and
street cars; lot 3$xl25. •
$1250 — Nice cottace of 4 rooms; fine well of
mountain water; young fruit trees: all kinds
of small fruits and vegetables; splendid sandy
loam soil: will make fine chicken ranch: ele-
gant view; no cold winds or fogs; lot 100x245;
close to Etrert cars.
SMALL PAYMENT DOWN AND EASY
MONTHLY PAYMENTS CAN BE MADE ON
ANY OF MY PROPERTIES.
Fine lot on Fruitvale ave., 40x120; $900.
Choice corner, 50x125, only $760; street work
done; sewered.
WILL SELL YOU A LOT AND BUILD
YOU A HOME ON EASY MONTHLY PAY-
MENTS.
$75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee tract; fine
soil; irrand view; new homes rapidly going
up; no cold winds or wet fogs and lots only
$75 each; $5 down, balance $2 50 per month.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale station, Cal. /
$1500 — New, modern cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; good plumbing and sewerage; fine
lot: only 2 blocks from Fruitvale station: j
about $250 down, balance can remain :
mortgage.
$2000— Beautiful cottage of 5 rooms, bath. etc. ;
all modern in every particular; poultry-
house, etc.; lot -37:6x100, -also more land
can be had If desired; fine and handy lo-
cation; $250 rash down, balance on mort-
gage, gmall rate of interest.
$1650 — Colonial cottnge of 4 rooms, bath, large,
attic, etc.: lot 50x100; 2 blocks from local
station; $150 down, remainder' on easy
monthly payments^ ' "t , ¦
$1350-'-Mod*Tn- cottage of 4 'rooms, basement,
bath, etc.; fruit trees;-chlcken-houses; lot
37:1x105; "only '4 J blocks from Frultva"le I
station; small sum do*Vn, ¦ balance) same ,
as rent. '-.-*"
$1450 — Fine cottage of 4 large rooms and bath;
wt-ll.. wlnd-nill and tank; sewerage. and a
good "lot; -3 -blocks -from • Frultvale local
station. • • ¦ - /
$1950 — Large bay-window cottage of 6 rooms;
all modern; lot -50x122:6; close, to local
trains. . : , ". . •
$2200— Goed and" substantial- cottage of B large
rooms, large hall and bath; beautiful' gar-
den, fruit trees; on a macadamized street;
lot 77:<;xl50- ' • . . . '>.
$2250 — Fancyr new, modern cottage of 5 rooms,
bath, liall. basement." mantel, etc. ;' lot 5<Jx
2»0, with barn." chicken-houses and • all
fenced; 'near car line and in best part of
Fruitvale. -- I
H. A. PLEITNER. 'Frultvale Station, Cal..
H. BARKMEYER, 1206 Frultvale ave.," Fruit- \
vale. Cal.
$!>50 — Cozy cottace of 3 rooms; hard fin-
ished pantry and clcssts; sswered city water;
terms $100 chf!i. balance $11 50 per month; !
2 blocks from Frultvale station, one block j
from electric car line. 1
$1000 — Cottaie of 4 rooms; hard finished !
pantry and closets; city water: lot 25x130; i
oil macadamized street, *A block from car f
l'r.e; 6 minutes' walk to local train; terms
It deMred.
$1050 — Cottage of 4 rooms, high basement;
connected with sewer and city water: lot
35x115; one block from Frultvale ave.: fine
location.
$1200 — Cottage of 2 rooms; lot 100x115; |
planted in berries: chlcken-housjs; gocd well '
and puma; one block from car line. i
$1700— New cozy cottage of 4 rooms and !
bath: Doreclaln tub: electric lights; lot.50x j
125;. all fenced: one block from . graded
school and electric car line; 5 minutes' walk
to Frultvale station; this Is a bargain and
must be seen to be appreciated; owner going
East.
$2300— Modern cottage of C large rooms
and bath: liltrh basement; good-sized lot:
fine lawn r.nd flowers; small barn; situated
on Frultvale ave.; 5 minutes' walk frcm lo-
cal train: owner is anxious to sell; worth
investigating. For particulars apply to
H. BARKMEYER, near Fruitvale station
Telephone Brook 1721. ¦ .
W. E. RUDELL,
Real Estate and Insurance,
Corner Fruitvale ave. and Washington st.
$1200 — Cozy cottage, 4 nice rooms: one-half
block from Fruitvalc-avj. car line* lot
50x140; terms, part cash. bal. bank 'loan
$1650 — Cottage. 4 rooms, bath; gas.-city water
S and sewer; lot 38x125; 4 blocks from
Htaticn, 2 blocks from school and car line
$1200— HcuEe, :: rooms, near car line and j
school, about 15 minutes' walk from
Frultvale staiiun; lot 1Mx115; terms,
$250 cash, balance same as rent.
$1S5O — Modern cottage, 0 rooms; ges bath
city water, sew«r; only 4 short blocks
, f rom stntion, cne block from school* lot
35<xloO: flowers and fruit trees; . terms
$500 cash, balnnce ?lfl per month
FOR RENT.
Modern house. 6 rooms and bath; 2 acres
fruit tr^ea. flowers and. shrubbery; chicken
houses, large stable, etc; rent $:«) per month.
For rent — Cottage, 5 rooms and bath, one-
half b'.ock from Frultvale-avenuc car; rent $17
per month. %
• Lots for sale from $250 up; will build to
suit.
"Monty to loan for butliMn-r purposes.
W. E. RUDELL, Real Estate and Insurance
Corner Fruitvale ave. and Washington st.
Fruitvale, Cal.
". SPECIAL " \
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA. PARK. LINDA PARK
The terminus of 5-cent fare. Haywards cars'*
•treet3 graded and graveled; stone sidewalks:
depot on tract; lots from $50 to $*.*00; $20 cash
and balance $10. per month; 15 blocks to local
train; best located property on San Leandro
road: graded school on tract. Apply to S S
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland! _
UPPER Frultvale Is ; the place for an Ideal
home. No more-; desirable location can be
found In the State. Do. not buy until you have
been here . and seen • for yourselves. Houseo
and. lots. ¦ also some.. very desirable vacant
lots for sale by J. ,W. WILBUR tt CO- Di-
mond P., O.. Alaraeda* County, Cal. .
1 ACRES fruit and view. ¦ (-.*'< , .
$2C00— Cottage, 6 rooms and bath; large lot-
- • close *n;-nvu»ti.bs»«old; reduced to $19C0
100 propositions In Frultvale real estrftc ' '
Index— send for it: it"s- free.
. . — JUD3QN & CO., Frultvale.
I HAVE a nice lqt, g-ood central location; I.
. am just startlnu a 'modem 5-room . oottage
. high basement, -etc. If you have $100 you
can own thla place. Come and see me
M. C. GIBSpN»(Oface open all day Sunday)'
No. 132rt Frultvale-ave.. next to 14th 'st. '
$1850— EAS.Y terms, "buys • 7-rooin 2-story
dwellings Vi:blockU6 cars: lot 1 3*xl2O. l g ALS-
BL'RY 'tV YOUNO,,^ 'Broad way,- Oakfand.
¦ ¦.'*' !-,--: •v : -' 1 ¦,..-. ¦¦;'"¦' * .N '• : -¦•*''•. v
'.-¦¦* :¦-.'> .'-tr. »-.:'•-• i,;k.- .¦-.« ,;,-•¦•- \,<
BfiKifffB Fall? £J»HE1P1S^M^SJ^B^S3
FRUITVALE APV ? T'SMNTS
; rBTJTTVAXE BE All ESTATE.
FRUIT VALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALB FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE . FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE ' FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE » FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE f ' ' FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVAXE
FRUITVACB- -¦ FRIT1TVALE -*;-
FRUITVAF.B FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALB FRUITVALE •
FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE This may be the hou^e and
FRUITVALE ' grounds you are - looking for;
FRUITVALE located In the .very cream.part
FRUITVALE . of Frultvale. .on^l4th st./ bet.
FRUITVALE 26th and 27th aves.: house of
FRUITVALE 10 rooms; lot 159x360 feet;
FRUITVALE three bathrooms, electricity' and
FRUITVALE gas throughout, .and. indeed,
FRUITVALE modern In every respect.
FRUITVALE For price and terms call at
FRUITVALE'.. The Syndicate Investment Co.'s
FRUITVALE office, near Frultvale station.
FRUITVALE Choice 6-room house located
FRUITVALB on High street 1 block from
FRUITVALE San Leandro cars; lot 50x150
FRUITVALE feet*,, thla is very desirable
FRUITVALE property; price $.1700-
FRUITVALE Seven-room house large barn.
•FRUITVALE windmill and tank;" lot 1*0x426
FRUITVALE feet; this Is choice property and
FRUITVALE within I block of 14th St.:
FRUITVALE proper name woild be a small
FRUITVALE ranch; pries $7500.
FRUITVALE $2275.
FRUITVALE Secures a most, complete cot-
FRUITVALE tage home within 1 block of
FRt'ITVALE Dewey School: fruit trees and
FRUITVALE fine garden: an Ideal Frultvale
FRUITVALE home; lot .17:tfxl25 feet; never
FRUITVALE offered for sale before. -
FRUITVALE If you are wishing to buy
FRUITVALE smaller properties than th*
FRUITVALE above, we have a, large list
FRUITVALE from which you may select.
FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE . FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE .
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE . FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE « FRUITVALE -
FRUITVALE . FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE • FRUITVALE *
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALB FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
FRUITVALE FRUITVALE
REMEMBER WE HAVE
• LARGEST LIST. • • . • v
CHOICEST LOTS. ,>
LOWEST PRICES
EASIEST TERMS.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
COR. BASSETT AND PUTNAM STS. •'
FRUITVALE, CAL. PHONE ASH 587. '
FOR SALE— $2750; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot, -40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third ave
East Oakland. . , . , . • ,.
SATHER Tract. Frultvale station— Lots any
size, nny amount down. . SALSBURY . &
YOUNG, sole agents. 972 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAJCl-Ajro KSAS ESTATE.
A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate Broker and I Dealer,
".467 Ninth St.. Oakland, Cal. J
A GENUINE BARGAIN.
$2500 — New, modern' cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; lot 27:6x100; north side of 31st St., bet.
Grove and West; $700 down, " balance at $25
per month; see this at once.
DOWNTOWN HOUSE.
$2750— North side of Sixth st., bet. Webster
and Harrison; lot 20x100; 2-story, 6 rooms and
bath; in fair condition.
ONLY $500 DOWN.
$3500 — Modern two-story house. 6 rooms and
bath;- lot 40x140; on the north side of 38th st.;
street. work complete.
A SPLENDID HOME.
C4500 — Ten rooms and bath; north side of
Brockhurst St., bet. Grove and West; lot 37:6x
101.
NEW MODERN HOME.
$4750 — Thirty-first St.. bet. Telegraph ave.
and Grove St.; lot 40x140; 7 rooms and bath;
this Is the 'most modern and convenient house
that I have on my books for the price.
LOTS.
. ' LOTS.
LOTS.
From $450 up; street work complete, sewer,
etc..' In Central Oakland Tract. 1
?55O— Street work complete; on the north
side of 59th St., near Adeline; property in the
neighborhood Is being sold for from $'8 to $25
rer front foot: these lots are 50x100 and are
certainly a barsaln.
Lots on the north side of 80th st., bet.
Grove and Telegraph; in order to close out the
balance* of my holdings on 30th st. I will sell
one lot on the north side of 30th si.- for $115D:
lot !s 35x140; see this at once, as It will not
remain open long.
31st st. ; lots bet. Grove and Telegraph; a
few left at S1450; .40x140 Is the size, and if
you have not seen this property It will pay
you to look over the situation Immediately.
A. J. SNYDER.
Ee?.l Estate Broker and Dealer,
467 "Ninth St., Oakland.
TAYLOR BROS & CO.,
Real Estate, Insurance and Financial Agents.
Telephone Cedar 351. 12"!»5 Broadway, Oakland.
'. '" NOBBY COTTAGE.
$2500— Short distance trom Adeline station, on
• Chestnut st. : ea**t front; large lot; strictly
.modern Improvements; must be sold, as
owner Is non-resident; price Is reduced for
quick sale. ' •' *-• 1611
' . FINE RESIDENCE.
¦ - LARGE: rfiftDUNDS AND SHRUBBERY.
$4250 — Two-»tOTy, modern, ten-room residjnee,
on Chestnut st. ; the price on this prop-
crt;- • Is the exact amouht which - was
1 loaned on the property; this Is Indeed a
* bargain, as there Is ample ground for an-
other residence: should not be overlooked
¦ ¦ as an Investment. ... - ; 1382
GENUINE INVESTMENT.
$7000— Four. Hats; strictly modern; income $S88.
per annum: locate* close to broad and
¦ . narrow gauge stations and fhort distance
from Key Route cars; the' buildings alone
— on thls.prcpetty are worth the price asked
and only a small amount of cash Is re-
oulr?d, as the . present mortgage on the
property is almost equal to the price anj
i:..i.lt can remain on the property Is lon« as
desired. ' ¦ • • 1320
I COTTAGE HOME.
?1600---CottaEe of 5 rooms; lot Wxl30 feet:
abundance of fruit, flowers and shrubbery;
high and Rightly location; 11th ave., near
East 2"lrd St.; finest of improvement*
Rurroundlns- It; rrioe reduced from S2O»rO
.for quick iale en account of death In
'family. - • ¦ ; »¦ f\*ift
\\ T 0THEP COTTAGF
$2150— Cottage of 5 rooms: modern; Irtt 2fixrt,"»
feet: chicken-housfs and sheds: abundanc
of - flowers: street work.' sidewalk and
. -sewer complete: 125 feet from Telegraph
ave.. below 32d st.; Indeed a bargain and
must' be seen to be appreciated. 163*>
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.,
1236 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPEP.TY.
We'liavs been exclusively authorized to sell
on eafj terms the remalnln-r Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
SAN ' FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under. forcclqsi*re of mortgage.' •
Wo will. -sell these properties at fljrures far
below. the present market rates. If you want
a barsaln call on or write us for particulars.
-. J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
- 1 - - '^ 1W2 Broadway. .
• •*-»*-?¦¦¦- ¦• ¦ .-- ¦ ' * .
PROPERTY -WANTED — -VACANT AND IM-
PROVED.: - IF YOU HAVE SOMETHING
YOU WANT TO SELL. SEND ME FULL
DESCRIPTION. PRICE. ETC.. AND WE
WIUL PUSH !T AND TRY TO GET A
BUYER FOR IT.
- JAS. .*. HAISMITH,
534 THIRTEENTH STREET. '
CHEAP' LOTS IN NICE. NEIGHBORHOOD.
:iC0O-V Lot 50x80. on .31st. St.. close to Gr'ove-
et. and Sin Pablo car lines; flats would
pay well on. this lot. " .;- . (
$40O-rL0t 50x200, on Claremont ave.
$1950— Lot SCxl40, on Telesraph ave. ¦ ,'* -,\
$1400- : -Lot 40x150," on 37th at.;. near T.'.egraph
, ¦ ave. • :--¦-¦• ' ": ¦ . *¦ .
.- • ¦-. w. S.'HARLOW £ CO., '*
' Reel Estate. Insurance.-'Notary Public,
' -'•••• f 050 Broadway, Oakland. ¦-•¦'
•'' • ifBsT^ttHSSHBBBSH^BKX^flEiS ' -•'
¦ : ~%* >•'•<•' '¦' ' r '' - ¦ .'¦ ',' ' .
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'aTTS
OAXJmAVTD MBAXb ESTATE.
HOLCOMB.' BREED & BANCROFT. INC.
ltWO Broadway.- Oakland. . Tel. Main Mi.
San Francls-co Aient. Alex Mackie.
. »•- ; 321 Market st.
santa fe Tracts, santa ke tracts.
The New Hcme Center. Right on the Key
. • : ,. .Route tnd S. P. Local.
Quick Trips to and From San Francisco.
Five-cent Fare.
Large lots, 40x135; S60O to *S00 and up-
ward": one-fifth cash: balance In easy menth-
¦ ly payments; close to stations; mild climate:
' flowers all the year: beautiful view; street
. work all'comDlete at no cost to buyers.
:., .v -.' ; - ¦ • ¦ •
¦ / Ba "
B "c (nff/ fr» v lii
Ml ***crs jjf
. . ,.. -*...¦. ¦ •*
2S to " % 30 minutes to San Francisco.
Send postal for maps, prices and pictures of
beautiful homes. 1 : ; ¦ v,
HOLCOMB. BREED tt BANCROFT. INC.
1060 Broadway, Oakland. Tel. Main 147.
San Francisco Agent. Alex Mackie.
. , . 321 Market, st. -
FRIENDS AND STRANGERS" ARE WEL-
COME TO FREE MAPS OF OAKLAND
. • • AT OUR OFFICE.
S. M. DODGE & SON. 1160 Broad way. Oakland.
We offer the following samples -
• - of our bargains': -
$10,250— Beautiful . home in Linda- Vista. 14
rooms; lot 70x125; very desirable In
every respect. -, • -U408
*S, 500— ELEGANT FURNISHED HOME;
colonial ' style, very attractive; has fur-
naces -connected with ' every room; il-
luminating, and fuel sra.irhot and- cold
water upstairs and .down; well ..lighted
by. electricity and 'fas; sunny exposure,
on a large lot; carpets and heavy fur-
niture go with house; possession given
immediately; this Is a genuine bar-
gam. .„ • ¦ . . - ' S. M. D.
$5,0CO — A- beautiful 2-story, house of 8 rooms
and', bath; 4 bedrooms, laundry; all
modern Improvements: desirable loca-
tion, .'between two car lines; lot 30x
203. 5604
$4,000 — Convenient, desirable and new 2-story
- - -house,- 8 -rooms -and -bath; Linda -Vista
Terrace; terms If desired.
$3,500—^Nfee 7-room cottage on 13th ave. : all
modern conveniences; this is well worth
the ¦* money. ' / 6824
$2,400— A ••6-room cottage on 19th St., near
business; offer wanted. 12S10
GET A GOOD MAP OF OAKLAND FREE AT
- - 1160 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$2,600 — Cottage, . fi rooms . and bath; gas
- . range.- electricity, combination fixtures.
etc." -. . - 12820
$l,70C— Cottage. 5 rooms and bath;. $250 cash,
> balance to suit.
$1,400 — Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; $400 cash,
balance Just like rent.
A SOLID -BLOCK READY FOR SUBDIVIS-
ION AND SALE, NEAR KEY ROUTE
STATION;, come and see us about this.
$l,P20— A . large lot with magnificent view of
Oakland. Alameda, f the bay. Golden •
Gate, Mount' Tamalpals, etc., etc., etc.;
only thirty minutes from San- Fran-
cisco; ¦ all street work j done and $100
worth of shrubbery to adorn the place
.when* you want It; fine new houses all
around. 8. M. D., Piedmont
$1,750 — Fine .lot. 60x125. near street cars.
' -within walking distance of narrow
gauge- station: THE CHEAPEST LOT
IN OAKLAND. \ .- . Valdea st.
$450 (more or less) — Lots of lots, to suit all
people. CONVENIENT POCKET MAPS
OF OAKLAND AT OUR OFFICE.
— - BARGAINS — LOTS. .
Snap on Sherman st.. .near Telegraph: 50x
120: prico; $000; 32 feet adjoining can be
purchased.
N. E. corner of E. 24th and 10th ave.: 150x
100; look'at--lt and make. offer. _ . . .
Snap on Howe st.. near Key route: 50x125.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 BROADWAY.
! E. J. STEWART & CO..
1 - 100S BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$150 — Down and ba!anre like rent, will put
you tn possesMon of a 9-room house, just
- finished, right close -to Key Route or
street cars; this home Is on a corner lot
and has all the latest imDrovements and
is offered at such an extremely low . price
to e-ect an immediate sale; It was built '
for a home, but owing to a. change of
plans the owner Is unable to occupy It;
.-¦ price $3150. • ; :
$'JSfO — Greatest snap ever offered in Oakland
- In a cottage home of six- rooms and bath;
lot 30x11*0: everything practically new
I and strictly modern:, the house I* beau- :
I . tifully furnished. Including piano and
i sewing; machine; street work and side-
walks comolete and stone fence in front;
beautiful -. clover lawn, . shrubbery and
1 flowers; Marse back yard with berry
I bushes and nicely fenced for chickens.
' this r>rot>erty is surrounded by beautiful
homes and Is worth $3750. but the owner
U in Alaska and this must be sold, fur- :
niture and all. for $2850; come a-runnlng.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
10<iS Broadway, Oakland.
I KARL H. NICKEL.
I Rooms O'J and! 63 Bacon Building.
Offer wanted — For a fine Grove-st. corner; all
, . street work dene; Just the thing for
: flats. • •
$3,0Cl>— Cash invested In inside property will
-double H*>elf In a few years; one of
1 .the- beat investments for a shrewd
v bv:yer. _; • ¦
$15.CC0— Ah investment, that yields 10 per cent;
¦ ¦ ¦ investigate this. . .
For rent-^-Fl-it of 5 rooms and bath, conveni-
ent to cars: has all the features of a
(¦ cottage; rent $*.*2 60. .
t Fine furnished house of 7 rooms; new house:
. new fi-rnlture; very fine neighborhood;
, en. lease; ke\s In office.- . ,
1 Rooms 62 rnd 63. Bacon Building.
I .. KARL H.. NICKEL.
ALDEN REALTY CO.. 51S4 Telegraph ave.
Phone Black 6481.
$;r» front foot; on Telegraph ave. ; best busl-
t ness block -on Telegraph ave.; near new Key
I Route depot. - * . •- .--..*-¦--
$40 front f«>st: on Telegraph ave. business
block; near proposed Fifty-fifth st. Key
Route der»ot; street work, sewers and side-
walks complete. • . •, ¦•-
$550— Nicest NW.. corner. oOxlCO, 150 feet cast
of Telegraph ave.. near new Fifty-fifth st.
Key Route deaot. . .... ::" '
$G00 — 50x170 lot: sewered: near Telegraph ave.,
j handy to Fortieth at. and Fifty-fifth st. Key
1 Route deptiti- •
• $350 — Cash, balance same .as rent, will buy
I one of those- pretty 7-room houees:- gas and
electricity, baths, toilets; street work and
sidewalks complete; near Telegraph ave. and
Flfty-fltth t»t.. Key Route, depot.
BELDIN-S.^ BAROAINS.
$2500^ — NICE. sunn/. 5-rooftj- cottare. with
1 ficored- attic and • lot 32x120; Thirty-fifth Jrt..
near Tslegraph ave.- and Key route; easy terms.
$*r$00 — Coxy 6-room cottage. . near Oak-st.
station. - 1
$2250 — Modern colonial 5-room cottage and
lot CSxl40: o.i West Rt.
$2400— Modern. 2-stcry. "-room house, on
IAValsworthiave.: ei«y terms.
. $25C0 — Cheapest nlace In town: 6-room cot-
. tage. and' lot -29:fttlC0: on .Jones st.. near
I Grove; very central. BELDIN, 1112 Broad-
I way, Oakland.
i ~ ' ' :H * '
ik'i -- *i "¦ ' ' ' ' '
$3000— A FINE home of 7 rooms bath; lot
5Cxl27: all. street work'done; few. block*
)- ' from -Key route; will take lots as Cr»t
.. paymetjt; balance on easy terms. P C.
; LASSEN. & CO.. 46G 10th st.. Oakland.
CaL ~ ¦ ' ¦
IFOR ea!e— Two new un-to-date bunralow S-
-nJom"h3uses: large '--lot -with barn: ;' very
-cheap. Inquire on prutiWf*. I'Ajj Thirtieth
it., on 1055 Broadway, Oakland.--
OAKLAND ADYEET^MTS
QAxxumm aEAa estatb.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
:
•...«» SPECIAL BARGAIN.
v 4 - 50 — Choicest part of Alameda: handsome *•
story. » rooms, furnace, stable: 44x157;
cost over $«0O*'; you are looking for a
I>tcku-j; see thla at once; furniture sac-
rificed.
.«~v PATS OV ER 12 PER CENT.
I65C0— Seven tenements; 75-ft. corner: 00
Western Pacific right of way; close In.
GOOD INVESTMENT.
,o300 — New. modern coraer flats; paya 13 p«r
cent; easy walk to Broadway.
FULLY FURNISHED.
|36XX> — New colonial: 7 rooms: combination
fixtures; mantel; crate: 4 bedrooms; coal
and gas ranee; 37:6xl*."O; near 35th and
Market sts.
FORECLOSURE SALE. ,
$1500 — Comfortable cottare. «S rooms: near lo-
cals and business section; offer wanted.
PHYSICIAN'S RESIDENCE.
$7500 — Most attractive home on street: elefrant
Lakeside residence. S> rooms, hardwood
floors, plate glass, furnace 3 mantels; coat
¦ over $9000; close to Central Broadway.
TRADE OR SELL.
$1200— Neat cottage. 5 and bath: rent $13:
convenient to K. R. yards: near Peralta;
will exchange and pay difference.
COTTAGE HOMES.
$2350 — Choice location; 5 and bath: basement.
?a*>. mantel, fixtures; Linda Vista.
$2250— Near 40th-st. station; 6 and bath; street
complete; £5x12S.
51850— Corner. 30x140; 5 and bath: basement;
rent $17 5O; nice location: near locals.
7170O— Rent 515: 5 and bath; basement; near
l»th and Adeline.
J1S00— Near Key Route: 5 and bath; base-
ment; 37: 6- ft. corner.
J155O— 37:Cxlci4; 5 room*, basement; rent $15;
near ICth and Klrkham.
BUILDING LOTS. "< 1 •
$250— Worth $400; 40x110: near San Pablo
ave. and Santa Fe depot.
$650 — Worth $9<>o; :i0xl2O; good location; near
station, cars, schools and churches.
$S0O— Wcrth $1250: 5Oxl5rt; terraced: street
complete: choice location; n*ar car* and
Key Route.
$G0O— 31x132; street complete; 2Sth and
Chestnut.
$tnno — tirove-st. corner. 50xOO: near Key Rnut»
J15OO — «Oth and Market. 5Oxl0O; future busi-
ness property.
$2000— Choice location; North Oakland; lOOx
140.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
46O-4C2 Eighth St.. Oakland.
FRANK P. LEE. '
911 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
100x145. with .1-room cottage: north side of
street; south of Thirty-ninth st. and near Tele-
graph ave.; street work done; price reduced
from $3CO<> to $2700; this property 1% worth
your attention.
A restauranf for sale: in good location and
good patronage: completely furnished; also 4
newly furnished rooms; entire rent only $20;
mutt b» sold at once; price $700.
A first -class candy store; the very best equljM
ment; paying $20 per day; for full particulars
inquire at office.
A beautiful home, almost new: S rooms and
bath; in good location; near Tenth and MadUon
sts.; price $4650.
CHARLES C. HULBERT.
¦ Successor to FRANK P. LEE)
011 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE.
Lcrge lot, block and a half from Syndicate
Bank; a bargain.
Beautiful corner near center of Oakland: flns
location for fiats.
Fine home, with ."J acres in fruit, in East
Oakland: will exchange for North Oakland
or Berkeley property, or sell on easy terms.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
Well Improved ranch adjoining city of Xapa.
Cal.; will exchange for Oakland or Berke-
ley property.
GEORGE E. FAW.
Room 21S. Bacon building. Oakland.
Phone James 81.
$2f0— 50-FOOT lot on Magnolia st.. one block
from car line; a choice small invest-
ment.
$500— 50-foot lot on Claremont ave.. one of
the choice residence streets of Berke-
ley.
$2600 — A beautiful 5-room sunny cottage;
within waiklns distance from town.
$3000 — 8-r-nom house: 50- foot lot; house cost
more than asking price; near 35th and
Teleyraph ave.
$5000 — Fine borne on Albion st.: 12 rooms; car-
riage house; choice location.
F. F. PORTER. 4«« Eight st.. Oakland.
$10O CASH. $5 monthly: 16 superb lots, lnox
200, covered with fruit trees In full bearing;
• to 10 acres may be had besides; deep,
sandy loam soil; lots lay fine, with grand
vl<;w; choice location: away frcm fogs, and
cold winds; near electric car line, boulevard
ard district schoolhouse; adjoining East Oak-
land; price all told. $050. discount off for
cash. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventii
st., opp. station. Oakland. Carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, land owner.
A GUARANTEED investment— Owing t» 111
health, a client directs the Immediate sala
of 701 feet frontage; all choice building prop-
erty; Vonvenirnt to station and electric cars:
good renting locality; price $14,040: I will
take a third interest and if given exclusive
sale will agree to purchase all unsold lots at
end of 2 years, allowing 7 per cent interest
on original cost: bank references exchanged.
Address box 1433. Call office. Oakland.
TWO- STORY, modern 8-rocm house on Thir-
tieth st.. near Telegraph ave.: paneled hall,
beam celling dining-room: 45 feet can b<-#
thrown Into one room; wash trays in cement
basement; lot 40x140; sunshine cannot b«
shut out. For sale by builder and owner.
513 Thirtieth st.
A BARGAIN — Thirty choice. larg» lots on
Mont-; Vista ani Piedmont aves.. 1 block
frjm Key Route: one fare to San Francisco;
fine schools, churches, homes. Owner. P. J.
KBLLEK. 484 Ninth St.. near Broadway.
Oakland. ,
11400 — House 7 rooms, porch, high basement;
well and city water: lot 50x150; fine larg*
•table: close to Telegraph ave.; rents $13
per month.
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
2C0 FEET west of Telejrraph ave.: an elegant
2-story bungalow, modern, for sale at a bar-
pa tn; $380* »; easy terma. 51S Thirtieth st.
QHXAHP TVXaiSXED HOUSES.
$65 — ONE of the most elegantly furnished
homes In Oakland: 8 rooms; 2 story: best
part of city; parties going East. FAY tt
SON. 968 Broadway. Oakland.
OAXX-AJP KOTTSXS TO LET.
ELEGANT modern 7-room flat, 1087 Market
St.: rent $35; finest location. LAYMANCQ
REAL ESTATE CO.. 460-462 Eighth st.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., furniture mov-
ers. 1018 Broadway; phone Main 907.
OAXX-ASS BOOMS.
1, 2 OR 3 rooms furnished for light house-
keeping: also a ¦Ingle room; hot and cold
water; bath, eas and telephone; close to S.
F. local end electric cars; rent reasonable.
946 Myrtle st.
ACROSS ' the bay — Furnished rooms with or
without board, in private family; Key Route
terminus. 1932 Home St.. near Oxford.
ROOM . to let — Large front reom. suitable for
2 oersons; price only $2 per week. 713
Eleventh st., Oakland.
NICELY furnished rooms for rent at 1750' j
Seventh st..~ West Oakland.
OAKLA JTD Jf UaSXT U KB POS SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Bchelhaas. 11th st.. cor. store, Oakland,
MILL VALLEY ADV'BT'S'X'TS
MTJ.I. VAIJ-irg KEAI. ESTATB.
$300— BIO lots, a stone's throw from th© sta-
tion, on ""graded streets: water mains laid
on all t»treets; thousands of dollars have
been spent on improvements: the beat and
cheapest lots In the State for the money;
only $30 cash, balance $10 monthly; an Ideal
place ¦ for a home? send for maps. LYON
& HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
San Francisco Advertisem'te
SOCIAJi.
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here* a chance to make merry; coxy danc«-
hall and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Garde is. Ocean Beach terminal of electrio
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211.
Mulrhead buildlns. Market and Larkln sts.
TYPEWmTEBS ASD SUPPLIES.
AN~ excTpt.«»na:iy good No. 2 Rermngtori. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25: other typ--*r:».jr» at
higher «nd lower prices: rental-i $2 50. Tha
Typewriter r.xchange. 53G California tt.
21>-HA>TI> typewriters s.->ld. rented, repaired.,
Webster Typewriting Inspec. CO.. 508 Market.
For Additional Classified Adverti»e.
nicnta Sec Pa;c 43.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 390*.
42
CHT7RCK SERVICES.
IRACtf KMAXWAt CllL'lu U. Caliturola and
Noiltor. »u.. — !;ev. li. J. Kvaus, rector.
cekL.-utlon uf l.oly cummuniCin at 7:.K) a.
a-..; Su:iia> kchuol at H:4i a. ra. : roornins
bttvice .a it o'clock, with Facial sermon on
rr.dowmer.t fund; T« Deum and benedlctus
¦ I>)\\ »: "iWtsiry. "neiaember Now Thy
Creator?: e\e.-.;nr service at 7:45 o'clock;
Maicn!l : > «t aU Nur.c Ulmitus <Corfee): an-
them "Lord. Ood ot Israel." All seats free
al •\ej;!ns terx ioe. William II. Holt, choir
U.BMrr.
"K1N1TY Cru'.rch, Bath an-1 Gouffh sis. — Re.-.
Krsdrlck >V. nnn*P»**. D.D.. rrctor. Holy
. ••inrr.unio-n. ~:'.i'i *• m.; Sunday-scliool. V:59
in.; morning m:vice, 11 o'clock: evening
k o'clock, itev. James lluime, as-
kiSUJU. will ;ireach at both services. You
ar.- top.nlly tnviitd^
¦;i:ST •-'onrrejaticnsl Church, corner Post
and Masua *ts— Kev. George <". Adar.is,
l».U.. jHUtor. win iccach at l»oth service:;.
At 11 a. BU tosic. "Going Home by Gods
Oonui" At 7:45 i». ra.. to^l-. "Sowing
c'i*rir4;!y." A!! arc cordially lnvirea.
IJlilD Co:«reeaticnal Church. Fifteenth St..
.^car Mission— lit v. \V;l<iani Kmler, pastor,
wiil pr««.ch Trioi-rlns: a^4 evening. 11 a. m..
The Wltneis i:i UtCQpClla. or t=e Testimony
¦>f the Commonplace." 7:JU p. m., "Receiv-
ing and b'urbi&iisi." Chztcs chcir. Frer
MtU. rc:>ui«r tervic* for the people
IB£T ITesbyteriaa Cliurch. Van Ness ave.
jmJ ricraraeatu St.. Uev. William K'rk
• Suihrif, juieior — Swlcea at 11 a. n. »!>d
7 :4i p. 11;. The v.-i;i preach at both
¦ervfees. Sabbath school at "j:4O a. m.
• hrlttian Knedtvcr. r>:U«.« p. m. and 6:3'J
Z<. m. Wadr.cjwjaj. fc i>. m.. midweek serv-
loe. Friday, S p. ni.. iroTUV.y meeting
Men's Cub: H»bj«Ct for flllCBMiOB. "3unday
oU-ervtnces." All are cordially invited.
"ALVAKV Prcahyterlaa Church, corner Jack-
:ui: fcn-i MlBMN e'.s. — lltv. John Hemphili.
l). Ij.. i>ast^r. Moraine ¦errtee at 11 o'clock;
Hretvn topic, "'IVrHocal Evangelism." Ev«?n-
lag tervue at ' :Zn o'clock: sermon to;>ic,
"Waiting for the Vision." The paster ¦will
; rrach at both s*-rvicee. SaVibmh school at
'j:3<i a. t;j. Ch: >-.:»n Endeavor m<-et!ug at
C:St> j :n. Prayer mee-.ir.c \V*dn«»day even-
:r^ at S oViock. All are cordially ir.vited.
;"R1>:ITV Pr»!-bvter;aa Church, crner Tv-enty-
;hird and <:«h" tt*.--IteN. Kduard K. Strcnu.
pastor. Wsir.p »or*hi;' at 13 a. ni. and
; ;30 I>. EL R?v. \V. C. Schraalcorst, Valpa-
:«lw. CT.'.le, will !<reaeh In the tsomlatr; the
•after in th» e-. ering; subject, '"The M.ir.
Wh/> Won Hter.'.a; LIW B:ble school at
•..acn. Knir-avor Society at 0::J0 r>- m.
Mracger* welcome at ali services.
?1MI*£ON MemeriaJ Methodist Episcopal
<"hu!cri. corner of Hayes anil Iiucranan sis. —
Preacbfasc fit 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. by
Uev. J. H. X \\ iiiiams. the ;->a«or. Morning
'herne. "The Continuity of Christianity."
EvceteS subject, "lr-vestieatlon Ir.vited."
Good music by lar^e choir. All wat? free.
TEXTUAL M. V.. Church.. Mission St.. be-
tween Sixth and Seventh— The pastor. Dr.
Gc-orce W. White, will tpeok both morning
end evening. Morning topic, "Religious
PetrilsLctlon." At the evening service will
br gl\en the first of a series of discourses
«/n -TiUFStli-.ns Asked of the Church by the
World. " Sunday school at 12:45 p. m.
Young People** meei:n«s at 6:15 p. m. iseais
Tre*. Good music-. Near hotels.
•ALIFORNIA-STREET M<Sh"dist Church, cor-
ner California and Broderlek sts. — The new
pastor. Rev. George A. Hough, will preach
morning and evening to-day: Morning theme,
' The River of Peace": evening. "A Young
Man Away From Home." All Beats free.
NITARIAN Church (First). BW. cor. Geary
and Fr*nkHn nts. — Rev. Hradford Leav-
iti. minuter. Junior church and Sunday-
school sr* at 10 o'clock. Rev. Hradford
I.H»a\itt and C. A. Murdock. eupertntendents.
Sunday service is at 11 o'clock. There is no
#v«>ning service. Mr. I-eav!tt will preach.
Subjfct, '"Pie Sons nf the Redeemed." Ma-
de by quartet, under direction of H. Breth-
erick." oi-ganist. All are cordially Invited.
/NITARIAN Churrh (Second), corner Twen-
tleih and Capp sts. (take Mission or Valencia
«. car). — Tlw* Sunday -School meets at °:45
o'clock. Mrs. L. A. Covet, superintendent. Ai
the morning service, at 11 o' clock. Jay Wil-
liam Hudson will preach; subject. "Archl-
t*rtur* in the Spiritual World." Mu»lc by
orchestra ami choir, under the direction of
Mr. Jabish Clement. All cordially invited.
No evening gervice.
FlRfT Baptist Church, 320 Eddy st. — Preach-
ing 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. rn. by R*v. J. Lewis
Smith, D.D.. of Tacoma. Wash.: Bible school,
12 :r»0 p. m.; Christian Endeavor meetings,
*i:o0 p. m. ; prayer meeting, 7:45 p. m. All
?r» cordially Invited to these meetings. Seats
fre*.
FIRST Church of Christ (Scientist), Central
block. 22.'t Sutter st., bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m. ;
njbject of le.ison-fcermon, "Doctrine of
Atonement." SumJay-wh<x>l for children at
the tarn* hour; WV-dnesday evening meeting
j STJITDAT I.ECTUHE3 — Gen tinned.
t EMILY EDWARDS of New York will sing and
I recite at Carmen's Hall, 310 OFarrell St..
' to-night: Mi.-« Edwards l.a» appeared in ali
i the leading cities of the United States. Eng-
land and Australia, and South Africa; flrs:
I appearance In San Francisco; free.
MISS FRANCE? E. SPEY.KR of Minneapolis,
M'.r.n. will five the first of a series of public
lectures on the Science of Health and Pros-
perity at Golden Gate Hall to-day, 11 ». m. :
collection; subject, "Man's night to Health."
VR. BETIERO lectures to-night cast parlor,
Golden Gate Hall «25 Sutter Pt.. .8 P. m.;
free: "The Last World's War, Prophetic."
i O. N. ORLOW* lecture. Golden Gate (upper)
Kail. "Religious Aspect of Present Ir.d.s-
. trial Chang-r-ts." S p. m. Admission free.
BKX HANFORD. Socialist candidate for Vic*
I'r*s.. Alhambra Theater, Nov. 1. Look cut
for ads. .
MEETING NOTICES.
j CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. <.X.^g
¦ T. — Members are notified to assem- |»"j;
ble in the asylum to attend th? funeral III I
servers of our late frater. Sir Knight NT
WILLIAM K. SMITH. THIS (SUN-
DAY) AFTERNOON, at 1 o'clock.
CHARLES 3ft. PLUM. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON, Recorder.
I
! CALIFORNIA Lodce No. 1. F. and A. m
M. — The officers und members of the *</Vf
above-named loilgre are hereby noti- /^r»
: hed to ctlerid the funeral of our late
brother, WILLIAM EDWARD SMITH. In
King Solomon's Hall, Masonic Temple,
THIS DAY (Sunday). October 9. at 1 :'J0
I', m. Master Masons and friends of the
I deceased *re Invited. By order of the
! Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secy.
I — .
I LODGE I'HAN'CO-AMERICAINE
No. 207. 1. O. O. K.— Officers
" prid rn«Tiib»r:-. Ere Invited ti> a t - -SfeSSSj^T?
1 tend the funeral of our lat« '^'NrMrSS*-
w-nlher, H1PPOLYTE CUNEO, from 504
Clement ave., Monday, Oct. JO. at 1 o'clock.
j. m. nosevs. n. g.
L. L. UEMY, Secretary.
ODIN T,OrX5E~No7 3937~l. O. O. -v->Br?-ri:
F.— Initiation WEDNESDAY,
Oct. 12 (In Swedish). Visit ing "'-SlfisSaS^
brothers cordially invited. •'58rnri^*"
iiEORGi: G. MOREN, N. G.
: SWAN CHYTilAUS. Sec.
j THE officers and members — >-fl
of Golden Gate Camp No. W/V "TT S I
04. U. O. \V.. are ro- (*p&£/f£iu]£ i
quested to attend the ser- fc_^y<M*t^tS^t>\2J
vices of unveliing the "MKgJ'''™* 1 "™'**^
monuments erected to de-
; r^ased neighbors, J. MILEY. J. DOWD and
; WILLIAM WARD, in Holy Cross Cemetery
TO-DAY iSUNDAY) at 1:30 p. m. Also the
1 monuments erected to deceased neighbors,
.t. H. LINCOLN an.J W. CASTNER, in
Mount Olivet at 3 p. m.
W. D. FERGUSON. Consul Commander.
JOHN T. O'UONNELL, Clerk.
MODERN Woodmen ot America. Good-y*i**y
fellowship Camp 9633 M. W. of A., I w
tr.eets every MONDAY NIGHT at E^C
Fraternity Hall. 35 Eddy St.. San tfJ
Francisco. W. H. EDWARDS, V.C.
W. J. ELLIOTT, Clerk; office, room 027
Emma f-preckeU building.
TH E S. F. BCOTTIS H THISTLE v « v.
CLUB will hold their twenty-third Q$J
annual Hallowe'en party in Lyric \J»,X!&?
Hall. 119 Eddy St.. FRIDAY '**=i5 l *
EVENING, Oct. 2S; grand entertainment and
dance; admission 25 cents.
GEO. W. PATERSON. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE, Recorder. .
PAST members of Knickerbocker >f»gL"jK
Uncine Co. No. 5. volunteer de- J>3<SSA X
partment, will meet at the Vet- e?_cy
eran Firemen's rooms at 2 o'clock to-day to
arrange for their fifty-fourth anniversary
dinner. THOMAS. J. MACAULEY. Sec.
WEDNESDAY eve.. Oct. 12. Barclay Hall, 3250
22d; Perkins' lecture. "See Thou Character."
Fun, philosophy, illustrations: 10c.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to -mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from E. J. Gordon and P. McElroy, In
Messer Mine, near Mountain House, Plumxs
County, Cal.. draining Into Spanish Creek,
which reaches Feather River, gives notic*
that a meeting to receive any protests will
be held at room 96, Flood building. San
Francleco, Cal.. October 17. 1904. at 1:30 p.m.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting. — Notice Is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be hejd
at the banking-house In- this city on TUES-
DAY. October 11. 1904. at 11 o'clock a. m.
By crder of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
ADOPTION.
WANTED — In good home, healthy baby. DR.
EMILIE FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
AOEMTS WAITED.
I unt.miT h^Vi- »niT.)r» r»4v Kut lln».
ASTROLOGY.
CONSULT~Xstor, famous N. Y. Astrologer:
t man of ability. 9U7 Market; booklet mailed.
ZOBE1DE, astrologer; peychic. occult and as-
; trclogical readings. 9 Mason St., rooms 1-2.
1^ BAI.M Of TIPS.
I A POSITIVE cure where a.11 othera fall: all
: diseases of women; ?2 per month. 801 Larkln
! St., upstairs. '
BIItDS. DOGS. ETC.
1IARTZ Mcuntai'.i~eanarles & African pray par-
lota Jugt received. A. 0. Koblson. "Ti Kearny.
nOARDISG rOB CHI1DBEW.
LADY teacher has ukc horn* for child; healthy
I locality; advanced music; $12 month. 1433
I Kiglith tve., cvnset D. strict. ; -'!
WANTED— Child to t-oard: good home; best of
car-j a°ar school. -1S90 Mission St.. nr. 15th.
« • BOOKS. '
ANY book at wholesale price by mail! Do
you want books cr sets or books? We will
cell you standard fiction, latest novels, his-
tory, technical works, reference library, etc..
at less Uian your dealer can buy them. A
prstal brines our system to you. Address
! Economic Book Club, Chicago, 111. .
BOOKS and libraries bought for rash. HOLMES
; pajB 'the highest price; 1149 Mark*t St.;
' phone Jessie 3741.
I chances.
j ¦¦: NO~~TRIKLERS NEED TO APPLY.
IF YOU MEAN BUSINESS,
j Sec R. G. WILKE, MM Kearny st.
! Department store; dry goods, clothing and
; carpets: business established 35 years and
> known ns one of th« best paying mercantile
establishments across the bay; stock will in-
[ voice to about $35,000; owner to retire; will
accept Vi cash, balance on first-class security.
A— 51SC0; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; rent $75;
Ivase; a gcod paying business; value in sight;
j owner engaged otherwise. See R. G. WILKE,
j . 2<5V& Kearny St.
! A— $1500: CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition; 5 living rooms; rent $45; 4Vi years'
lease; splendid location and food-paying bus-
iness. R. G. WILKE, 26U Kearny st.
A— $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place
surrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
j Kearny «>t.
I A— $2800: CORNER bakery and confectionery,
ice-cream rarlor, etc.; 4 fine living rooms;
rent $£.0; or.e of the best of its kind of busi-
ness in the city. See R. G. WILKE. 26>/4
Kearny Et.
A— $20i0: CORNER grocery and bar, with
¦ living-rooms; rent $45; best location on Mis-
sion it.: place established years; fresh stock:
I value In sight and a good paying store. See
R. <3. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $500; CANDY. Ice cream and tamala par-
j lor on Devisadero st. and 3 nice furnished
I rooms; rent $25; a bargain; owner sacrifices.
I as he must leave the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26ifc Kearny st.
A — $6500; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
j Chronicle bldg.: rent $250; return rent $175;
; place doing good business; full value in sight;
a great bargain. See KG. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $5000; roadhouee and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly Income $1000; one of the
best business ptopertles; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 28^ Kearny at.
A— $1600; cigar stand, corner, choicest and best
location in this city; rent $10; large stock of
1 leading brands; will nearly invoice the price.
See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent .'.100; lease;
with first-class paying saloon In manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26 Vi Kearny st.
A— $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; close
; to 4 theaters: rent $100; well established
' business; full value in sight; a rare chance.
j See R. G. WILKE. 2Cft Kearny st.
' A— $6500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
! the bay; 21 horses, 2 hacks, 1 coupe, 18 bug-
: gies. harnesses, etc.; 29 steady boarders; sta-
I ble doing a first-class paying business; rent
j See R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
I A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
! this city; 33 beds, 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; In lively
business town; place making money: owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny Et.
I A— $900; CORNER saloon on Fourth st. ; rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
I years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE,
j 26>4 Kearny st.
; i a— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
BPSIKESS CBAaTCES-^Conttanaa __
DO LOU WANT a nice, gentjel business that
is guaranteed to clear ?30l)0 per annum on an
investment of $0500? Besides, for your in- ,
vestment you receive a stock of Roods ana
fixtures that will invoice close to $9W0, busi
ness is located In one of California s most
beautiful and prosperous inland cities, less
than 00 milts from San Francisco; long lease
with very reasonable rent on building, _5 1.
an opportunity, is seldom offered ana u.
worthy your immediate investigation. *or
full particulars 6ee
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 406. Examiner bldg.. San Francisco, Lai.
A FAMILY hotel, worth $7000. for 5500O If
sold now; a great bargain; owner BO'ng ££«•
% A rooming-house on Grant ave. that is a
snap at $4500. ,,,in,.«
Apartment-house on Bush st. at sacrifice
because of poor health of owner.
.PACIFIC COAST TRUST CO.,
70S Market St., San Francisco, roomB C04-605.
COTTAGES, $1000 to $3000.
Kootr.inK-houses, $850 to ?350O.
Lots. 1428; to ?17CO.
Saloons, $1250 to $7CC0.
Harber shops $50 to $!000. M , . „
Fine cottage;' good well, barn and lot 33X
257. $3000; $20 rent; one cottage of 6 rooms
and bath; well furnished; new_ furniture; .J
roomers and boarders; paying $75 per month.
This place will go for $300; owner going
away: a snap for the risht party.
J. M. MULLIN, 505 7th St., Oakland.
$2C00— PRODUCE and poultry business In
Oakland; profits over $200 month clear. Tlib.
ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
$5500— HOTEL and bar, Oakland: 5S rooms;
central. THE ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway,
Oakland.
A LARGE grocery and druggist specialty man-
ufacturing concern, selling goods to wholesale
and retail houses in nearly every city in the
United States, will open a branch office and
salesroom In San Francisco and we want a
capable man who can come well recommended
to fill the position of local salesmanager; sal-
ary $1800 per annum and a commission on the
cross sales. Our salesmnnager should make
at least $3000 per annum in this territory.
In accordance with our co-qperatlve plan, an
Investment of $2500 In the preferred stock of
this company is required during the term of
paid employment. Address I. E. McCLAIIs,
Drawer R. Battle Creek, Mlch.__
$10,000 CASH or security; man with hotel or
saloon experience secures the management of
one of the best paying propositions in the
city; over 100 modern rooms tn connection,
elegantly furnished; in the heart of city;
north of Market. Address, with references,
box 2766. Call office.
$800— SMALL resort; 5 cottages, completely
furnished; small store; refreshment tables
and other Improvements; mineral spring;
redwood trees; good paying business: 5 years
lease; fcrty-flve minutes from S. F. Apply
MORSE & PERRY, 632 Market st.
WHEAT Is very active and offers exceptional
opportunities for profits: $20 margins 100i>
bu. 2c; send for free book, facts and figures,
explaining option trading. Osbdrn Grain Co.,
Minneapolis, Minn.
ENERGETIC man with $000 secures interest
and exclusive management, branch office for
old commercial agency at Sacramento; state
age. former occupation, references. Address
P. O. box 306, Oakland, Cal.
WANTED — A reliable man. with some busi-
ness experience, to invest a small amount
and manage the affairs of a company con-
trolling a new ' office specialty. Box 2817,
Call office.
HAVE you any money to Invest in a mining
proposition that promises big returns? Only
small amount needed and rigid Investigation
courted. Address box 1431. Call office. Oak-
land.
MONEY Invested with spare time: legitimate
manufacturing company of Iowa nets, 100%
monthly; principal secured; product patented.
Address G. C. KUHLMAN, Cleveland, Ohio.
OLD established and well equipped dyeing and
1 cleaning place, paying $300 per month net, for
$2S0O; In Salt Lake. Utah. For particulars,
352 Presidio ave., San Francisco.
I WANT a man with $2000. capable of trans-
acting business, to assist me in a proposition
where large profits will materialize; excellent
opportunity for right party. Box 2S3S, Call.
PARTNER wanted that is reliable and honest;
light Indoor business: established for years;
pays at least $S5 per month to each; very
small capital required. 87 3d St., room 14.
ATTENTION— Parties having from $1000 to
$5000 for safe. Investment with large profits
can hear of Al chance;' no. agents. Box
BUSIKES8 QgAgCHS— cgngaggg^__
A— CAMERON & CO- Phone South 1050. ¦
3 Kddv at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOH sale — Well furnished B-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing, also for winter ehootuig ana ,
fishing; completely furnished and equippea
for housekeeping; automatic generators for |
making own Kas; toilets, closet*, everything
trtrlctly new and modem: accommodate* 1-
people over night: perfect little home; owner
obliged to ko East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy gt.
FOR sale— First-class livery and boarding eta-
b'.e; best coast city in California; 60 stalls;
rent only $75 per month; well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of tale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st.
FOR tale— Several good business propositions
for Investors, such as first-class laundry. Ice
cream manufactoury, bakeries, furnishing
goods*, merchandise, country hotel*, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and inspect our list. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
roomlng-hous*-!' and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy «t.
AN ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city; 7
acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished; 2
bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 year»" lease; sublets for '$100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct: clears $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO., 8 Eddy st.
FOR sale— One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood. coal, lime and cement businesses In
S. K. : cheap rent: horses and wagons; all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire: guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S00 per month: trial srlven If
desired; nart down. CAMERON &. CO.
A — THE best restaurant and cafe in a live city
near San Franciaco: well established; doing
a fine business; large and small dining-
rooms; fitted up in grand etyle; rent only $53
per month; am compelled to sell on account
of health.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market St.
Rooms 418-419. Tel. Fo!«om 346S.
STOREROOM" with fixtures In very prominent
location on Market st. ; with lease 2V4 years
to run. with privilege of renewal; will sell
lease and fixtures with or without stock:
cheapest rent on Market st. for location. J.
W. JAQUITH, l.°,12 Market St., rooms 418-
419; telephone Folsom 3-168.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fall to call unon us; we
may have Juat what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
MILLINERY store, new etock. rent $90.. $1100
Cigar stand. Mason. St., rent $20 $100
Cigar stand. 7th at., rent low; soil at Invoice.
Drug store, across bay, rent $30 $250t>
Saloon, Folnom, i.v. roms.. well stocked. $1100
Saloon, O'Farrell St., license, rent $90.. $1500
Restaurant, Third St., well est., seats 68.J30O
Restaurant, 4th et.. rent $22 50; seats 4tJ.$3U5
Grocery and bar. llv. rms., rent $20 $350
Bak. and Ice cream par., wagon route.. $2500
General store, 5 living rooms, rent $25.. $900
SAWYER-BLETHEN CO..
1118 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO.. 765 MARKET ST.
WE— HAVE— IT.
$500— Partner for commission business.
$450 — Roadhouse across the bay; snao.
$000 — Hotel, 15 rcoms; near the city.
$1550 — Saloon with buildings: no rent.
$8000— Swell saloon, cost $9000: lease.
$2300 — Transient house, 20 rms. with bar.
$1100 — Lodging-house, 20 rms.; clears $100.
Full particulars at KREDO & CO.'S.
TAILORS, attention! Good chance; nice tailor
store for sale (requires but very little money),
consisting of Singer S. M., looking-glass, cut-
ting-table, 4 benches, other fixtures; a few
eult patterns and trimmings. Address H. L.
BROWNE. 20 N. El Dorado. Stockton. Cal.
YACHTSMEN and business men — All kinds
of drawing and tracing will be done cheap
and exactly. Box 1718. Call.
DELICACY store, bakery and grocery for sale
cheap. 523 Fourth st.
FOR pale — 2-chair barber *hon and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
SALOON for sale; 7 living rooms; price $450.
107 Georgia st.. Vallejo.
WANTED to buy — A saloon'; location must be
good. Bex 1276. Call office.
I.ODQIWQ-HOTT8EB POB SAIiE.
at > ociock; rree reading -room, -thi n.earny
St.. rooms 503-510. All are welcome.
THE People's Church holds services every r
Sunday evening In Klks' Hall. 223 Butter St.,
at H o'clock. Subject this evening, "Original
<Jcwd." Pastor. Mrs. Anna L. Gtllesple.
Social to-morrow evenlnj at 1101 O'Farrell.
A GREAT meeting for men will be held this
Sunday afterroon, at 3 o'rlot-k. in the Young
Mrn's (."fcrlntlan Association Auditorium. Ma-
s'T. and Kills sts. Good singing; orchestral
tnuflc. Address by Rev. George C. Adams,
D. D.. <->n "Abraham, the Father of a Wan-
dering Rare." All feats in the hall free to
young men. The most attractive ylac* in
the city for a your.g man to spend Sunday
afterroon.
BUDDHIST Mission. 807 Polk st.. every Sun-
flay, 11 a. m.; service and sermon. To-day
Rev. K. Hori will cpeak on "Blessing of
Buddha."
MEETINGS — BXrZTOAT.
ARRIVED FROM NEW YORK.
Fred P. Evans, the famous psychic, known
as the pf^r of Independent elate writers and
clairvoyants, hat returned from his East-
ern visit and is now prepared to receive hie
friends and the public at his office, 1112
Eddy Kt.. near Octavia. Phone Scott 8S7.
"REXRADIOS" wonderful free "public" heal-
ing itc-'isyi. 2 and 8 p. m. (also daily);
bring your sick, "worst" possible cases;
• read ads. !n "personals"). 7S3Vi Market st.
DON'T miss the lecture and readings at Odd
Fellows' Hall. 7:45, by Prof. Perkins, from
Chicago; it's "different" from others; come.
Vedanta Society— Swam! Trlgunatita's lecture
to-nljtht, K, en "Practical Vedantlsm." 40
Steiner n.; admission 25c.
MORNING meeting. 32W> Twenty-second St.;
11. All desiring a broader and better life
are welcome.
A— TESTS: I. O. O. F. bldg.. Seventh and Mar-
ket «t.; 2-7:30, Wileon; 7:30, Hargrave. Dr.
Cowan: 1<>.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c. 619
McAllister st. ; readings daily: come, skeptics.
MRS. STODDARD'S, *elect: full test read;
seances, 25c, Sun., Tues. ; *lt dally. 278 9th.
MRS. CONNOLL. 148 6th. trance med.; meet
ev. nlcht; ali tests 10c; Wed. 2:30. 1. dr. 10c.
MRS. EBERHARDT— Test* to-night 10c. 267
ean Jo*e ave.. bet. 24th-rt>th, Valencia car.
CIRCLE to-nipht IOc. PROF SABLICK. Egyp-
tian occult. <ially 10 a. m.-S p. m.. 700 Ellia.
ATTEND MRS. HARLAND'S evening circle
to-night. lCc; readings 50c, $1. 148 Sixth.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. SZ5 McAllister it.— Mrs C
¦T. Ueyrr; tit, daily; tests to all every ev.; 10c.
TESTS. Scnttlih Hall. S p. m.; Maxwell. Hovet
McKee, Hamuels. Wrenn: lecture. Prof. Dove'
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test prance every
night «xccpt Saturday; l«c. I4S Sixth «t.
CHILDREN'S Lyceum, Market and Seventh—
Odd Fellowe No. 8 at 10:30; free library.
DR. COLLINOE. Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows'
blrig.. "True Scul Affinity," 8 p. tn.
O. MAYO ETEERS, 30.". Larkln. suite 49—
y Readincs; hour*. 1 to 5 p. m.
MME. VIGAR'S test meeting to-nieht 10c-
sittings daily 14S Sixth Ft. '
aiEETIBTOS— TlEcoioPHICAI^
V;iE Tr.eoeophU-al Bot-iety, Academy of Sciences
Hall; public lecture. & p. tn., -try Irving K
i-'oopcr; eubjtot, "The Pearch for Unity"-
music by Prof. W. H. Llpscombc.
SUNDAY LECTDItES. ~
AAA— "XOT\" leewon-Iocture. Henry Harrison
Eror.-n: subject, "Inspiration,, or How to
Grow Wk* Through New Thought Methods"-
u plain, practical lecture on the philosophy of
«>rrKm*tratlon: tc-iepathlc te*t by gam Exton
Fouliis.. the wonderful mind reader. Stein-
««y Hall. 1'.:; Sutter St., near Kearny, S
p. m.: 25c and 5Oc.
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'fi free lecture thU
f-wninfi KlwtrScian'e Hall. «5 Eddy st. : sub-
Jert. "Formins of the Character"; followed
hy vk-v.-n of a virit 10 South Africa. Free
tlikets win tf distributed for X-ray exhibi-
tion at Fsnitiriurr. Tuesday rveninj. Bt-
memtter the question box. Special music.
N. A. KICHATinKON. National Committeeman
for the BodsiiH party, will eneak in Car-
ni'n'E Hull. 410 O'Farrell H.. TO-NIGHT
Etnily Edward*, of International fame, will
recite sind Bins: free.
W A LLER THOS. MILLS to-night. Alhambra
Th^atrr: Fubject. -Shall the Workers Be the
Mctttr Builders cf the Future?" Ad. frea.
all publishers; best line ot subscription
bookr; best terms; agents and canvassers
wanted every county and town. THE J.
DEWING CO.. Flood building. S. F.
DUNN'S pile ointment gives instant relief:
most obstinate cases cured In 2 to 4 weeks;
by mail, postpaid, 50c; liberal Inducements
to agents. Gem Supply Co.. P. O. box 2104,
San FranciEco. *
WE are prepared to supply profitable perma-
nent employment to several men; $10 to $30
weekly .comfortably possible. Kushton
Komfort Shoe Co., 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition lhat is
a decided improvement en building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
AGENT wanted to manaee business in San
Francisco; good profit. Apply S. F. Street
Directory Company in person or letter, 902
Broadway. Oakland.
WE nrv $36 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to Introduce poultry compound; year's
contract. Imperial Mfp. Co., Dept. 54, Par-
sons, Kans.
EXPERIENCED canvassers, $6 to $9 day. 1114
Washington st., Oakland, r. 3; 10 to 12 a-m.
PERFUMES, cosmetics, flavoring powderB.
Pacific Agents Supply Co., 1220 Treat ave.
INKLESS fountain pens; sample 15c: dozen
H 50: retails 25c. FIELD CO.. 110 Bush st.
ATTORKEYS-AT-I.AW. "T>
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
6th floor: entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general court and office
practice: no fee in advance cr for consulta-
tion: «venlnga by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
specialty; private, quick; no pay In advance;
mining companies organized : patents obtained.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st. : estab. 22 yrs.
AAA— DIVORCE costs. $12; quick, quiet.
Advice free; all law business.
No charge unless successful. ' .
1095 Market 6t., cor. Seventh, room 419.
PENSION Att'y— M. Harria. 910 Market st..r.
51; 15 years' practice; ref: many thousands
of soldiers, pallors, widows and orphans on
Pacific Coast for whom I secured pensions.
AA— Divorce; costs $12; quick,qutet;advice free;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful; open evenings. 927 Market et., room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance: all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r. 33.
ADVICE free; divorce, costs v $12; quick, quiet;
all law business; no charge, unlcra success-
ful; open evenings. 027 Market room 2ai.
W.Matthews, U32 Market St.; consultation free;
jirivat* and confidential: no advance fees;
collcetlor.f, mechanics' liens, tenants ejected.
1 AI'VICE free: divorce costs $12: quick, quiet;
! no fees In advance; all law business. Even-
ings. 7 to 9. r. 465 Parrott bldg.. 855 Market.
PATENTS. American and foreign. SONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine st.. Cth floor.
L. E. CLARK. 027 Market, room S04; consultaT
tlon fr»e : no fees in advance; open evenings.
ASTHMA CURE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly
10c, 25c. 60c. . 1602 Markrt. St. Nicholas;
«lv> IVIt-lart. 10th and Washington, Oakland.
AUTOMOBILE—
Second-hand; wanted (with tonneau).
1 Steam or gasoline; fasollnc 2-cylindsr preferred.
Prime condition. State name of automobile,
price and where can be examined.
i Address box 2539, Call offlc*.
; FOR' sale— 1904 4-cylinder Pope-Toledo touring
ii car, with canopy top: car but little used:
guaranteed In first-class condition and any
reasonable demonstration desired: numerous
special equipments, which will be retained
or Bold with car at purchaser's option; rea-
son for lellinif. owner now'has two cars and
j desires to have one of larger sire. Address
cr call L. P. LOWE, 570 Parrott building,
San Francisco.
1 FOUR-cyllnder TcleUn, perfect appearance and
condition: baskets: bar. for cash or security
C. H. GODDARD, 4th floor. Chronicle Mdg.
WHITE touring car, complete; bargain con-
; n'derlng car: top, searchlight, baskets. Box
2*21. Call office.
j WHITE touring car for sale. $13 50] Box
I 1202. Call office.
AN automobile for sale. $500. Dox 13C6, Call
' • office. • ¦
I fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
I dally receipts about $20; best location north
of Market Et. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
: Kearny st.
j A— $2«00: HOTEL In San Mateo County; 28
; furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See
R. G. WILKE. 2t5% Kearny st.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fultoa
street; rent $60; living rooms: stock will i.i-
', voice about $2800; a well established and
! first-class paying business. See R. G.
I WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
A— $S00; CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26 V, Kearny.
BEFORE you buy any business call and see
BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
*$350d — SALOON, one block from Market; bar-
gain. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny et.
$3CO0— HOTEL and bar, 30 rooms. 45 board-
err. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny St.'
$1400— SALOON and merchants' lunch; whole-
sale district. See BERG & POPP. 318
: Kearny st.
i $0500 — HOTEL of 76 rooms; cheap rent and
I lease. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$3000— SALOON with lease; rent $S0; bargain.
See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$C0O to $2750— RESTAURANTS in good loca-
tion: barRaina. See BERG & POPP, 318
Kearni- Et.
$375 to $1000— CIGAR stands in good loca-
tion; bargains. See BERG & POPP, 318
Kearnr st.
$1COO— SALOON: near Market; bargain; call
: at once. BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$500— GROCERY and delicatessen;' value In
sight; bargatn. BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny.
F. L. SKAGGS & CO.,
Hotel Brokers, 26 Montgomery St., S. F.
Phone James G301.
Hotels bought, leased, sold and exchanged in
my locality.
AN- energetic business man with some capital
•1 can purchase half Interest In commission
hou«; long established and doing a good
business; principals only. Address box 2420,
Call office.
FOR sale — Eighth Interest in new steam
schooner: o:l burner; one of the best boats
on the coatt, is raying 15 per cent net. For
particulars address MRS. J. H. MANS-
FIELD, rtedwocd City. Cal.
GOOD paying carriage trimming, harness and
carriage business; bargain; account sick-
ness. 373 Tenth St.. Oakland.
CAMPAIGN buttons for 6ale; both Presidential
candidates; also city peddling license; cheap.
j Box 1593. Call office. Oakland.
I BOOK Ftore with living rooms In rearj $1500
j cash: v»!ue Iri sipht; a splendid opportunity.
' Hex 1121, Call office. Oakland.
! $HK) — Grocery and bar; old establishment; long
lease; 4 Uv.ng rooms; rent $25. 748 Brannan.
PRINTER (union) wishes to buy Interest in
a printing plant. Box 2479, Call.
SALOON for sale; owner leaving city. 324
Pacific st.
GROCERY and bar license for sale. Box 2136,
Call office.
FOR sale — A small grocery and bar. Inquire
at the Jackson IJrewery, 1428 Mission at.
LADY wants steady, active young nian partner
with $3C0; well established business that will
pay Iiim $.'10 week and over. Call 825 Market
St.. rcom 437.
ENERGETIC party with ?5C0, willing to work,
can secure working Interest In staple mfg.
business; $25 week: inside work: oversee help,
make shipments, etc.; references. 247 5th st.
FOR tale— Good saloon in live country town;
price $1650. Address FORE & W1SE3JAN,
Petaluma, Cal.
$S250— GOOD corner saloon; long lease; 3 blocks
from Market st. : on account ' cf personal
trouble. Box 15S1. Call office.
DRUG store; first-class corner; cheap: office
rooms in connection; two years' lease. S39.
J. W. MULLEN, 27 Second »t. -
HOTEL business for eale: reasonable: big
bufiineas for two; clears $400 per month; 61
bedrooms, dliiing-room seats 4C: lease given.
For particulars write M. F. CARDOZO Mer-
<;ed. Cal. .
100 LOTS free — Applicants sending stamp- will
rcceiv; de-sd of lot, site 25x100 feet. Suburb,
New York.- 20th Century Realty Co.. 0 Wall
¦ st.. New York.
WANTED— Man and wife with $1500 to Invest
,.- in a good paying business. Address box
1594. Call office. -* .
2510, Call office.
AN experienced business man to Invest $2000
In established manufacturing business and
take active part in management. Box 2772,
Call office.
$3500 — A GOOD house of 10 rooms; lot 150x
150: yard full of fruit trees; some orange
and lemon trees. Apply 110S Webster St.,
Oakland.
HAVE the rarest kind of an Investment in
an enterprise where a big Income Is assured;
participation from $10 up. Box 2565, Call.
WANTED — To buy tailor shop or tailoring es-
tablishment in or outside of city. M. HEU-
LER. 3232 Seventeenth st.. San Francisco. ,
A POSITION for the right party; worth $5000
a year if competent: $3000 required; money
fully secured. Box 2584, Call office.
$250 — BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery, cor.
store: 3 sunny rooms; rent .$17 50; fine fix-
tures; good trade. Apply 235 Kearny st.
WILL sell half interest in a good legitimate
business proposition that wiil net over 50
per cent profit. Address box 1007, Call.
FOR sale — Half Interest in restaurant with
rooms; night oyster trade: good money to
right party. 266 Main at., San Mateo.
FOR sale — New, neat, freshly stocked gro-
cery and bar: S years' lease: low rent: cor-
ner; principals only. Box 2778, Call office.
FOR sale — New and second-hand furniture
store; about $2000; or exchange for chicken
ranch. 1435 Mission st.
FINE corner delicacy, fancy groceries and
liquors, with 4 living rooms; can't be beat.
Box 2503. Call office.
$5000— CAPITAL for manufacturing business;
lady or gentleman; splendid opportunity.
Box 2579, Call office.
BUTTER and egg route: good paying: old es-
tablished; fullest investigation allowed. Box
2422, Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale south of and close to
Market st. ; laundry branch In connection.
Box 1291. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a restaurant in desirable
location. Address with particulars, box 1552,
Call office.
WANTED — Man to take part interest in good
paying business. Box 1436, Call office, Oak-
land.
$350 — SALOON stock and fixtures; license
worth price asked. ANDERSEN ft PYE. 035
Market at.
AN* experienced miner wishes to meet party
Interested in Goldfleld*. Nevada. Box 2861,
Call. •
RESTAURANT 314 Hayes st; a chance to
• get established business; title perfect.*
CALL at once; saloon for sale; bargain; on
account ot sickness. 141 Second et.
SALOON for sale;, location very central and
good trade. Box 1363. Call office.
WANTED — A man as watchman on a steamer;
must have $200 security. Box 2534, Call.
MAN with $1000; clearing not loss than $600
a menth. Box 2550, Call office.
FOR sale — Tea and coffee route In country.
Apply box 2192, Call offlee.
TWO corner saloons: small cash payments,
balance time. ANDERSEN & PYE, 035 Mkt.
WANTED— Grocery in Western Addition; state
location and price. Box 2542. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS grocery store and bar for sale.
Apply SIEBE BROS. & PLAGEMANN.
TO rent— 9-room house, and exchange property
for furniture. Box 2992. Call office.
$175— CANDIES and pastry; 3 finely furnished
rooms and large basement. 825 Taylor st.
PATENT medlolne; sale established; good side
lino. Box 1427. Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale, cheap— A delicatessen and dairy
produce store, with 4 r. and b. 2205 Mission.
GROCERIES and saloons < for sale at 1103
Webster'st.. Oakland. ¦ ' -
NEWSPAPER route wanted: give full particu-
lars. Box lGOl,, 1008 Market st.
CVNDY store; will sell for part cash, balance
on easv terms. 1427 Market st.
CIGAR stand; wholesale district; day trade;
no Sunday work: near California and Front
stg. Address box 2441. Call. v
FOR tale — Half Interest In a two-chair barber
shop; cheap. Apply at 873 V4 Bryant »t. - -
A SAFE Investment for man and wife; full
investigation allowed. Address box 1595, Call.
MARION GRIFFIN!
ROOM 406, EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market sts.. tel. Black 3607; free list of
hotels and rooming-houses for sale WE GUAR-
ANTEE GOOD TITLES. MONEY TO LOAN.
City and Country Real Estate for Sale.
WE ESPECIALLY RECOMMEND a 33-room
house, north of Market; price reduced to
$2500; $1000 down. $25 monthly and low In-
terest; nice, quiet, permanent roomers; clear-
ing $138 monthly guaranteed; owner anxious
to go East immediately.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MUST BE SOLD by Oct. 14— A thoroughly re-
spectable rooming-house, centrally located
and most beautifully furnished in velvet and
blrdseye maple; 50 rooms; rent $6 per room;
now clears $200 monthly; when full, clears
$300; 5-year lease; make your own offer to
MARION ORIFFIN.
GILT EDGED.
$10,000 (first oayment) secures one of the
largest and most popular apartment houses
in this city; everything strictly first class.
— Profit Over $U000 Annually. —
See My Sale Agent, MARION GRIFFIN.
PROFIT $174 monthly — A respectable corner
, 42-room house; price $3000; Vi cash; rent
$125; .1-year lease, If you say so; 2 floors;
fine entrance. .... MARION ORIFFIN.
NEW. AND MODERN ICO-room apartment
liotiFc ; Income $1097 monthly; expenses, $639;
profit. $458; owner must change climate: it's
a first-class house. MARION GRIFFIN.
IN FEB., 1904, a 37-room apartment . house
north of Market was artistically furnished
with birdaeye maple furniture and velvet
carpets; owing to unseen circumstances we
aro authorized to secure an offer on it.
MARION GRIFFIN.-
FOURTEEN-ROOM house in quiet location.
north ot Market: sunny side of street; price
?S0O, X(. cash and $10 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
UNEQUALED TERMS— $400 secures a respect-
nble 21-rpona lodging-house, 3 blocks of Mar-
ket; price down to $1100; we back you for
all over $400: rent JOO; clears $70 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN, 406 Examiner Bid©.
N. B. — Only $500 down: we back you for bal-
ance: elegantly furnished apartments; re-
spectable; $75 banked monthly: roomers take
care of their own rooms; 24 rooms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
ONLY $2000 (first payment) secures a very fine-
ly furnished new 49-room rooming-house;
very select; on Sutter street; long lease; own- '
cr leaving for Alaeka; owner claims profit 1
of $351 monthly and accurate books.
¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
LADIES. If you want a fine rooming-house,
above reproach, come and see a swell, fash-
ionable 40-room house on Sutter St.. clear-
Ing $150 monthly. MARION GRIFFIN.
15 ROOMS; Market St.; rent $C0 $1000
6-rocm flat; rent $20 $250!
24 rooms: rent $00 $900
12 rooms; rent $45....
24 rooms; rent $105; will trade for land.$240O i
23 rooms: rent J140: north of Market.. $1050
SAWYER-BLETHEN CO., .
1113 Market st. -ll'i.
' .» MITCHELL & CO
1206 Market st ......Phcne Jessie 2081
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed
..MITCHELL & CO....
SOME BARGAINS— Furnished rooming-house
in business center, making money, reason for
Eelli:>g owner going East, to the right party '
easy, payments: well-located . European hotel; I
cholc j family hotel ; apartments and flats
furnished and unfurnished, for sale; prices
and terms will suit. • : •¦ • .
PACIFIC COAST TRUST CO.,
70S Market st.. San Francisco, rocms C04-C05.
SWELL boarding-house of 17 rooms* located
in Oakland in the 400 neighborhood- owner
obliged to leave the State and wlli sacri-
fice: if you are looking for a snap this is It
MITCHENER & BARTON, 016 Broadway
Oakland. . _ . • *"
A FINE bargain: 22-room house; in good loca-
tion; clears $100 per month year round- will
stand fullest investigation; only reason for
sellins is old age, as owner is unable to man-
age and wishes to retire;^ see this. 2134, Call.
8-ROOM lodging-house ' for sale: rent $16 75*-
6 rooms rent for $30 50 a" mo: price *">5o'
110 Minna st., near New Montgomery.
A ROOMING house for sale; clears $80 per
month. Inquire 409 McAllister st. • „ "
GEARY. 481— J650; . leaving city; cheap; good
location; money maker; no agent*.
lOTraO^HOTOESrOB_SAM— C«.
X — CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1030.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms: cheap rent: 2 years' lease: fine
downtown location: 2 entrances: everything in ,
first-class condition: good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran- ,
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city.
7-room modern flat; close In: well furnished;
cost |60O; a bargain If sold at once; 8300.
*
20 rocms; new and elegantly furnished; on ,
Eutter; paying a handsome preflt on invest- .
ment; call for particulars. :
103 rooms; rent only 55 60 per room: long '
leasa: up-to-date, downtown, modern house: .
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light I
rooms well furnished throughout; chance 01
lifetime to get nrst-class house that is clearing •
$350 to S450 at bargain; owner obliged to leave ,
for Europe to settle an estate; make cner; .
exclusively with us. ;
00-reom new. modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account sickness.
45 rooms: rent only 8125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing new over $200 per month; always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price S450O.
180 rooms; grand, new. modern apartment- ,
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap j
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to SCOO per month: ,
close In; full of nice people; bargatn if taken j
at once; dissolution of partnership. j
60 rooms- new. modern building; elegantly |
furnished; close in; full of first-class People; 1
clearing & handscme profit; fine opportunity to ,
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness. [
24 rooms; rent S145: new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition,
good lease. » ¦ '
16 rooms; rent $G5; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown; fine, respectable, money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest. t
9-rocm flat; rent only $50: water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price *\w.
12S rooms, cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnisnea.
clearing $500 to $600 per month: must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month:
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very «=J, raJ : r °2?J[?h"
niture and carpets: clears $100 per month,
must leave city; make an offer.
84 rcoms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated:
all in fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2S0O.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange
HOTELS. .
H. C. DECKER. 906 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Phon* •
John 531.
25 Years Selling Houses In San Francisco.
See- My Bargains
21 rooms; Market and Powell % Y£1'
b rooms; 6th and Mission: snap $-"<> |
1<TO rooms; new; modern apartments. ,
Will trade for real estate. See me 1™*- j
60 rooms; Market st.; transient; snap-* 25 ™ j
16 rooms; N. Mkt; rent 575; reduced to. J13OO 1
50 rooms; Powell and Ellis; clears *2.5.*»fiOf> ,
5 rooms: new fiat; rent $12: bargain *1»J \
$2100 SECURES that 26- room house: a money- ,
maker; terms easy. See DECKER. I
14 ROOMS- nice location; reduced to $450;
owner sick; must sell. See DECKER.
f>Qo FINE flat- a enap for some one. Call
early at DECKER'S. 906 Market^
80 ROOMS; price reduced to $4500; new furnl- j
ture: this place can be bought on easy terms.
See DECKER. i
jio.soo — NEWLY furnished 110 rooms; location 1
good; terms, one-half cash. See DECKER. |
CORNER hotel and bar: 50 rooms: only $3000;
well furnished: easy terms. DECKER.
SNAP— Swell flat, $475; cost $1000 to furnish:
owner leaving city. DECKER.
CORNER — 14 rooms; price $500: rent $40; own.
er sick; a bargain. See DECKER.
REDUCED to $1000: 21 rooms downtown: ;
money-maker: must sell; easy terms. See ¦
DECKER. i
FLAT— Only $.150; on Ellis st.; owner leaving |
city: a bargain; terms. See DECKER. ¦
LOCATION good: cheap rent: price reduced to |
$2500; easy terma. DECKER.
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market St.. cor. Stockton, j
1 1
12- ROOM house : only $20 rent; $60O cash: well j
furnished. S25 Jessie st.. bet. 6th and 7th. 1
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, i
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year. J
COTJITTRT HOTEI. WANTED.
$J0O0 to $6000 — WANT furniture and lease of
first -class country hotel in live town; 75 to
100 rooms wanted, with bar; give full par- j
tlculars; will give In exchange $1500 to $2000
in cash and first-class $3500 boarding-house, 1
best location in San Francisco; handsome |
furniture, favorable lease. Address box 2545,
Call office.
CI.OTHHCG BENOVATTjrO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and !
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg.. r. 410; I
phonb- Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.
Hundreds are lifted from bad health, bad
luck, love, domestic and business troubles. I
by the aid and advice of the popular clalr-'
voyant.
PAUL DESTINE.
The. first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
His former $5 reading this week for $1.
Read Carefully An Honest Proposition.
(You to be full Judge. ">
No Charge No Charge
Unless you obtain the Information for which
you consult him.
I ho hereby solemnly agree to guarantee t«
make no charge If I fail to tell your nam*
and what you want to know. I tell It hus-
band, wife or sweetheart Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry; In fact. I
will tell every hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; I will improve
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength in mental and bodily vigor,
and luck that insures success tn business,
mining and speculation; I implant controlling
power In your nature so you can fascinate
any one you desire, win the one you love, j
bring back your loved one and causa mar- j
riage with the one of choice: 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell at 320.
X^ ' THE EMINENT ~~~ ~~
RICHARD MAYO.
THE GREATEST LIVING ADVISER ON
THE CONTINENT.
This week $1— Hla $10 reading— SI this week.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
I demonstrate to the entire satisfaction of my
patrons that I am in a position to advise them |
in all matters of life, whether on business, do-
, m«s tic troubles, health, or on social lines. If I
\ you desire to ha»e your lost love returned.
ytur enemies converted Into stanch friends — In
a word, whatever may be your troubles, suspi-
cions or desires — call on this gifted man. He
; will tell you frankly your condition, what yon !
may expect. If nothing can be done for you
I he will not accept one dollar ot your money.
I Ho tells everything, good or bad. You hear
the truth and nothing but the truth. As a test
in his readings he tells you your name. age.
and what you want to know, giving dates, j
facts and figure?. All liuslness sacredly confl- I
rlcntlal. Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.. daily and j
Sunday.
421 Ellis st Don't ring. Walk In.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
ta! seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given: special. $1; hours 10 to 8. ,
1SMAR. Egyptian s*eress. The Vendome. 1104 1
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours— 10 ¦
a. m. to » p. m.-. Sunday*. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 0 to 8. Phone South 1141. |
READ, on page 36. of the remarkable, recovery j
ot health by ISMAR'S advice. j
MRS WAYBORN, medtum — Palmistry, card-
reading free with all psychic readincs: cir.
Men, and Frt., a p. m. m3 Market, nr. uth. \
Mrs.A.H.Kronenbers. palmist, clairvoyant, card ,
reader- when others fall try me: good readings 1
25c. 7L"1 Franklin. nr.O.O.ave. Tel. Laxfctn 4207
MME ALTHEA. trance clairvoyant; call and •
be convinced: wonderful powers. 103 Sixth !
st.; hours 3 to 11 v- m. j- j
MME- WALTERS, creat card reader; la. 25c. ;
gents 50c. 051 Mission, nr. Cth; open Sun. |
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read- !
er; readings 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. 512 Jessie st. j
MME. GABRIEL. Eastern palmist; card read- ¦
. «r; 12 to C. 765* Market *t..room 2.
CX.AIHVOYANT3 — Costnlnod.
A Phenomenal $3 Mental Readinsr for $1.
The great — ELLSMERE — EHsmer*— The
great Egyptian »**r. palmist, medium; the
greatest clairvoyant tn the worM: tells your
m.me. what you called for. whom am! when
you will marry, about business, etc.; E;i.-jmer»
13 different from other clairvoyants because h«
does what they claim to do: things that are
btycml ordinary understanding, things that
seem impossible: he gives you Information, re-
lief, success, satisfaction, power and control
or any character alTectinsc any one or anything
fast, present or futur?; he tells you just what
you may expect and what to do for your best
Interests in any matter; ho awakens a natural
force within anu jround you. givins you a »?-
crct power to remove the cause of any trouble,
influence. unhappir:es<i. disease, poverty, failur?
or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens up
a way for success and happirjesa you Utrsire: a
power to secretly change the thoughts, actions,
habits or Intentions of any one. <»veTi milos
away; remember th»r<? is no guesswork when
you consult him; if affairs of the heart -~r trac-
tions of love interest you. he gives exact and
truthful advice on all love affairs: h? ai!vU<»>
you how to settle lovers' quarrels anJ enables
you to win the esteem and lc\e of any one y>u
desire.
3 offices 1007 «4 Market st. .1 offices.
Open Sunday, every day. 10 to *. Mail. $2.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium: perma-
nently located at 17 Third »t.. next Exarr.-
Iner bids. ; *he reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events) to occur in the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or hav* domestic, love or business) trou-
bles, consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4363.
FROM all sections they come to witness th«
wonderful demonstrations of the note.!
LIVINGSTONE. Readings |1. Would it not
be a relief to know how you will succeed,
to be relieved of the matters that are troub-
ling you and of the schemes of your enemie*.
that you may meet with better surc»as? Then
for a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE.
42S Edd^r »t.; three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m.-8 p. ra.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm.:
reveals love, marriage, business, etc. ; L. 50c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MADAM MARIA, card reader. llO^a Langtoa
¦ t. (No aim.)
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves: 25c up. 612'? Eddy st.; no sign.
MRS. BAU3IANN, the well-known fortuna-
flUr. 1» nor* at 317 Ellis at.
sprarruAXisM.
L ARRIVED FROM XEw'tORk!
FTed P. Evans, the famous psychic, known
as the peer of Independent slate writers and
clairvoyants, has returned from his East-
ern visit and Is now prepared to receive his
friends and th* public at his office. 1112
Eddy St.. near Octavia. Phone Scott 887.
READ, on page 36. of the remarkable recovery
of health by ISMAR'S advice.
MOVED — Mrs. J. J- Wnltney. clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. St. Katii-
ryn. 4SO Ellis St.. corner Leavenworth. roora
221; no signs. j
M BIRD'S clrcl? to-night. Tuesday and Thurs-
day evenings: readings dally. 255 Larkln st.
DEAD-TRANCE medium; genuine, unique.
successful. 114 McAllister St.; no sign.
MME. TOfXO'S t»st meeting to-night. 10c.
619 McAllister: readings daily: come. sk»ptic«
MRS CRINDLE'S materializing seance Sun-
day evening. S o'clock. S2S Ellis st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seanc- to-night.
8 o'clock. SI. 10*4 Bush st.
MRS. LESTER— Circle; 8 p. m. ; 10c; readings
dally. 43 Sixth st.
C.MATO STEERS :phychlc readings by mail $1.
3569 17th at.. San Francisco: tel. Capp SM.
COT^ECTION^OPPICES^^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
ctty cr country. Pacific Collection Co., 413
Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 3580.
CAEPET BEATlN^AHB^jClEAKIKO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
ait; at shop: price* moderate. S F. Com-
precBed Air Cleaning Co.. 30S Market s:. ;
phones Main 152 and Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-357 Tehama *t. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225.
BEST carpet cleaning and laytntr done by
Gisslow, 6C8 Larktn; phone East 7 45; cl.. 3c.
CONKLING'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth at.— First- class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.: tel. Mission 263.
D ENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns. S3 30; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LCDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ara
made: old places made over like new; teetb
from S9 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
VARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 SOup; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 23c.
GOLD fillings), 75c; illver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
pal n ;open Sundays. DrA. C.Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHI3HOLM. surgeon-dentist, r. 14. lat
floor. Phelan bid.. 80« Market, cor. CFarrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from G«ary
st. to cor. Sutter and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New Torlc den-
tlsf . Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6ta.
DRESSMAKERS ANDj SEAMSTRESSES.
THeTmcDOWELL DRESSMAKING and MIL-
LINL'RY SCHOOL has begun the 14th year
of successful work: our system of dresscut-
tlng used by leading dressmakers: our milli-
nery puoils hold best positions; thorough in-
structions every department; best references;
patterns cut. 1019 Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. W. C. KRUEGER'S Dressmaking Par-
lors; prices reasonable. 530 Golden Gat«
ave., room 21; phone Sutter 1981.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patt c rn» cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor
EDUCATIONAL.
A^^IGGER^sehool than ever. On Jun» I w«
moved to new fireproof building. 733 Mission
st tetween Third and Fourth; more spaoe;
finer rooms: better light; finest in the West;
c?me and see. 3. F. BUSINES3 COLLEOB.
a THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges- refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other W«stern
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
K R- ATERS. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; 15 month; life scholarship
$50: positions secured: day. eve. 723 Market.
MRS. PAL'LA ANGERNMENDE— Cons?rva-
tory. Basel, Switzerland ; lessons and daily
practice at studio. Sti per month. S60 Mc-
Allister st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. meeh.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1354; Van
der Xalll<n School. 113 Fultdn. nr. City Hal'..
CLASSES In short story writing and journal-
ism meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m..
333 Phelan bldg; terms very reasonable.
BOOKKEEPING. En*., math., etc.; day and
tve. ; individual instr. 305 Larkin st.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
MISS MacNEIL. pi.ino teacher; also coach for
tennis a"«1 club s-.vincinn. 36 Glen Park ave-.
off Twelfth st.. bet. Mission and Howard.
RETOUCHING tauaht; wages from $10 to $2-V
12»i t-t. Rose ave., bet. Wood and Masonic:
take Geary-st. car.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. C02 Van Ness
ave.: positlon3 secured. R. H. Webster. Pre^
A— GALLAGHER - MARiH~"mTaiNES3 COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A — MOVED to 12S1 Market St.: large. »unny
quarters. WeitfTn Business Coil's*-
KENT Law School: day and ntjht: «end fcr
particulars. 3-1S Parrott baUdlng.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Filippe>Aeaf1err.y
of languages. 101S Pest; est. 1S71; ablest profs.
SPANISH, classes and private ; fifth successful
year of teachlns. PROF. MAYA. 427 Sutter.
PRIVATE lessens tn telegraphy: rapid - suc-
cess asaureU students. 246 .Scott, nr. tlaight.
I . 1
VOCAL lessons: competent teacher; 92 p«J
«aonth. K. box 2S01. Call oticm.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1901.
43
EptrZATXOXAZi — Continued. |
sAji*£:n cjsUaro iu'oi!i:i' win receive «m-
lilhi :i *:*£.- d-i!i< :::» :t "Tiw Uarn." Ioi3
l>.i?h it.
CHICAGO BukacYs CeM«fi«T U"> Maiket— »'o*i-
tion», thuiihand. t}t>:r.*. UookktH-ijlng; $!« mo.
A THOROUGHLY compeUtrt teacher Of piano; ,
l^tlnnem & adults; 50<-. 2^*JS Mi*«lon. cor.-'O. j
';t"ITAR. ni«n>!cl!n «r.J piano. JU5 per mo.; 1
«a»doHB clnh, *1 per mo. SI'S Italght st. ,
IIAN'O lessors. L'!;flr Conservatory method; 1
:-<jc hour. Box ir.70. Call office. |
AUCLT and JsveoUc claxsts now open. Hin- 1
luan*. Jkhcl ff Dancing. > HU Polk, nr. Cal. |
:!i<]n HAND i»iijr!'t thor'ly by mail end per-
sonally. Miss it. «;. Barrett. : •; Monte' my.
ft- HOOl.> OFi ILLUSTRATION Day and
1'AHTlNGTON'rt. 4-*4 Pin- St.— Night cla»s.
ISAAC P:tmari I^isir.css Ccll'ge. 345 Halght;
Individual instrje. : all branches; day, eve.
CAUFORXIA Bn»lB*s* Collece. 925 Golden
r.nt» ivc. j=. F. : 7r.-|-2f:e catalog on request.
EMPLOYMENT OFriCES.
A— JAPANE5-F. tr<d Chir.es* employment office
supplifs best he'.p promptly: city or country.
R. IMURA. K3 Sacramtnto. Tel. James G261.
"»vn ?urrs'.fh bookkeepers, rlerks. stenographers
Eer^ral help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid'.
A — ORPIIET'M Employment Office — Japanese-
<7i\'.r.rf help. 42<? Powell st.: tel. Main C752.
JAPAVESE-Chhwa* Enr>. Office. 415 Stockton;
beet help. Fritz Tan'.araki.mgr.,te!.Bu&h 859.
P.EL'APLE Jarar.e«e-Chine«e Employment Of-
fic?: Eil kir<is help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE arid Japanese help: entab. 20 years.
Tel. Mali: li*»7. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
SMPI.OTOEyT WAOTEP— PEMAI.E.
WOMAN wants i>osltion aa nurse. 262
E!ev<»!::h a-.enue.
WANTED— Home millinery. 204 Valencia st.
WOMAN" wants labeling by day or piece work.
301*, Fage st.
YOUNG lafly stenographer desires position. Bex
lErf.. Cn:i office.
YOT'NG woman wants eewlr.g by the day.
Addr«^s box 1557, Call office.
FEAMSTRKSS wants wcrk by the <laj\ Apply
at S1C3 MiMlon st. "
WOMAN wishes to go out by the flay. 715 j
Howard st.
DRESSMAKING and plain sewing. 15C5~Baker
street.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position;
\>"st references. Box 2411. Call office.
DREFSMAKER wlefces place by <5s>T?2. 333
Guerrero st.
TOUNG woman wishes a situation as cham-
berrr^iid a few hours dally. 2214 Tehama et.
LADY wishes washing by the <3by. 4 Alice
street.
WOMAN wishes to wcrk by the day. 342
Minna st.
WOMAN arasts to work by the day. 416
Minna st.
POSITION as aprentice linotype operator. Ad-
dress box 2442, Call office.
TRAINED nurse would like position to go
abrcad. MRS. WEBB. 2261 Shattuck ave..
Berkeley. Cal.
A TOl'XG lady wants work as laundress. 35
Kau£'_-h i-t.
A M1TDLE-AGED woman wants work as
kitchen heljt-r. 139 Langton st.
POSITION wanted to do general houseclean-
ing by the day. Inquire 611 Octavia st.
n'AJTTED — Position as candy wrapper. Ad- I
dries' K. T., 342 Austin ave.
AN experienced nurte; go<.»l references. 13S3
Valencia ft.
WANTED— A position as heusekeeper; refer-
*r.c<?j;. Box 1509, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wouU like situation. Apply
br>x 2449, Call office.
WANTED- Fewing by the day or at home by
ijrn!twak<r; whit-.' work and children's work
also nicely done. Address 2 Ferine St.;
pfcone tcott 1324.
V.'*NTI:D- Position as ctshiPr or checker in
restaurant; short hours; experienced. Ad-
dr. £*¦ box 2i;c\ Call office.
LADY warts a pla.ee to 000k fcr lunches and
dinner j>8rti«»e. Tel. Black 800.
HOUSECLEAXING by the day. 841 Filbert
st.. M. U.
MA.VTEL 1 — Situation a* nursery governess.
Hj\ :.'4 ( i7. call office..
EXPERIENCED bockkeeper; small set of
books .-venicce. Box 242T.. Call offlee.
A GOOD American cook and second girl d<»-
rire positions togothpr; rity or country'; good
r- f-ifncps. Box 2464, Call office.
Y''L"N<; American woman -with BmaJl child
would like a. j iace to <lo light housework for
small wages. 229 Doug!a?s ft., near 18th.
ETROXO, willing, competent American woman,
temperate, honeft. wants light sweeping and
washing by the day; fine laundress; guaran-
tee F&tlsfaction; $1 25 and carfare. 1S9
Fourth St., first flicht, room 24.
¦WANTED — Situation by an experienced sales-
lady to eolicit business through Southern
("allfcrnia and Arizona; references. Box 2472,
Call of fie*.
A LADY wisnea housework. Apply 259 Minna
meet.
I»r.ES£MAKER, experienced, good cutter and
fitter, would like a few more engagements by
the day; terms reasonable. Box 2473, Call.
A YOTJXG rlrl wishes position In private fam-
ily to do llpht housework; best or references.
Box 2478, Call offlee.
A YOf NO clrl wishes a position as waitress
in rrlvate family; best of references. Box
2477, Call office.
WANTED — Plain sewing and mending. Box
24C9. Call office.
A YOUXCJ rlrl wUhes to do housework and
r>:r. cooking; 217 per month. Call at 230
'¦¦¦- .t -;ti ave.
YOT'NG girl wou'.a Uke to work in factory.
7S1 Myrtle Et_. Oakland.
WANTED — Family sewing cr mending by the
day- Box 2425, Call office.
WANTED — A position as traveling companion.
Box 2.V79. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Call 8%
6s.lmon et.
POSITION wanted to mind a baby through
the iay. Arply 735 Harrison et.
A WOMAN wants to do chamberwork in a
rooming houee. Addrecs 192 Seventh »t.
LADY bookkeeper and stenographer 6>slr*n po-
e!t!r>n; have had 6 years' experience: can
furnlFh reffrence. Box 21RB, Call office.
FTENOGRAPHEXt, with 13 years* experience.
e>tfr< > « permanent position: clerical and gen-
eral office wcrk. Box 24S5, Call "office.
COMPETENT woman wishes position to care
for young baby. 108 South ave.: Mission car.
HEFINED lady in need would like to get a
place as housekeeper: thoroughly reliable;
Oakland cr Alameda or Frisco flrst-dars
Tare !!•¦»*; reference. J34 Cassclll are.
SCANDINAVIAN man and wife like work on
ranch; ran take full charre; be« of refer-
tnees. Bex 1576. Call office,.
A TOUNG girl wishes to *rork !n a canfly
store. 2JJ»?i Tthama st.
COMPETENT woman withes position to do
housework; *a t -t-i $20. Addrees box 2499.
Call office.
M 7e^ A p^p.r «t ts wcrk by tfce &sy '' housework -
EXPERIENCED dressmaker C oes out by the
day; drcsmuking cr plain sewing; charres
vSm% AddreES MKS. THOMSON. 1926
A TefcEna*-? 1 * ''*' '° *'° Tk L>> the day ' 163
l '^0 £ Ca^fflcT™ W ° rk by th * da^ox
SITUATION to rr.anace apartment house- thor-
small ti-a;r, : :: , country. B ox 25:.l, Ca™ !
i:nEPECTABLE_woiE*ji Wfebes work by the!
Ui>. Apply ."7 IljuaiU ft. * e !
I to* vS^'/all^-e™" 1 " WCrk bV the da^ I
_— _ _ j
V. ANTED— Typlr.j: or cny kind. Buth 22S. j
DKL^fcMAKING in ramilic* by fashionable !
dretKSaker; terms « 5C: city ref. Mr* K 1
v*H.TJqbft»Kmj 9W Oaiy; phone Larkln H7l! |
A 'WOMAN htUbei u«rk by the day^ Call at '
£73 Jerilc W- " .
IF you ni*»<J 'a ijooUJtr-crxr ami general office
lady ft*nd for r.n..-. Bex 2401. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WABTTD — Feaiale—Ccn
Ts WANTED— Position by barber with slight
Kiiotvledgru of business ; small wages to sLart
with; city or country. Box 2253, Ceil otfice,
WOMAN wishes place for cooking and house-
work; plain wash. Box 2190, Call office.
SEAMSTRESS wants Hewing to do at home.
Uox 2uCl. Call office.
C " J A^ IB £. R . MAID for first-class hotel. Box
-4SS, C*ll office.
A ,, FIR ST-CLASS labeler for wholesale house.
Box 2488. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants position as house-
keeper; no objection to country. Box 24SS,
Call office.
AVA^I EL) — Po * lu °n "6 maid or nurse to grown
children: can do plain sewing, hair dressing
and manicuring. W. K.. 134 Fern ave., city.
COMPETENT stenographer (2 years 1 experi-
ence) desires position with responsible firm.
Box ?57S. Call office.
A COLORED woman wants work by the day;
washing. Ironing or work by week. 92SA
Pacific *t.
A GOOD dressmaker will accept a position In
a family; will take care of a few rooms and
awlit with children and sew; wage* $20 10
•25 and sleep home; references. Box 2554.
Call office.
FTP.ST-CLASS laundress -wants place In pri-
vate family by month: city or country; good
reference. Box 2567, Call.
COOKING at private dinners, parties, lunches
and card parties; thoroughly competent. Box
2776. Cal! office.
WOMAN wants work by the day: washing or
houwcleanlnp; $1 60 and carfare. MRS. OS-
GOOD. 115 Hares st.
A WOMA"N wants work by the day; washing.
Ironing and housecleanlng; $1 25 and carfare.
Box 2775. Call office.
A WOMAN wants work by the day; washing.
Ironing and housecleaning; $1 50 a day. Box
2774. Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants work at home. 1520
Webster st.
STENOGRAPHER wants a position. 1525 Bu-
chanan st.
HAIRDRESSER would like a position. 1434
<Jeary st.
YOUNG German woman wants housecleantng.
Address MRS. V., 9 Rltch St., off Folsom.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter; 60c
a day or f3 a week. Box 2769, Call office.
A FRENCH laundress takes washing home;
open air dry. Phone Page 7931.
A LADY wiehesi wash by the day. Box 2S36,
Call office-.
WANTED— Housecleaning by experienced
woman for Tuesday; $1 50 per day and car-
fare. Address THORN. 4C0 Ellis St.
A LADY with a child will do housework fore-
noons in exchange for (rood home. Box 2830,
Call offlee.
LADY would like rla'n sewing to do at home.
MRS. H. E. J., 1210 Mason st.
EXPERIENCED ealeslady wishes position. Box
-£2*. Call office.
A WOMAN wodld like a position as house-
keeper; city or country. 823 Howard st.
YOUNG lady would like copying work of any
kind to do on typewriter." Box 2951 Call.
A TRUSTWORTHY woman would like position
In small family of adults; understands cook-
Inc; can wash.
A LADY wishes to do plain sewing. 635
Vallejo Bt.
GOOD, steady woman wishes work by the day.
Apply 737 Howard st.
WOULD Uke to take sewing at home. 162
Clara st.
AN elderly American woman wants light
work; good home and $10 a month. Box
2999, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes to coach children or
adults In primary and grammar studies.
Address MIPS A. I.. 1072 Sanchez St., near
Twenty-fourth.
EXPERT stenographer and typist (Mills bldg.)
desires outside work, correspondence, legal,
etc.; special rates hy week or month; work
guaranteed. Box 2942, Call office.
GERMAN woman wants washing, ironing and
housecleanlnc by the day. Please call 280
Harrison St., In rear, bet. Harrison and
Bryant.
ELDERLY woman wants work at general
housework; city or short distance country; no
washing or windows; references; kind to
children. 436^ Clementina St.
EXPERIENCED, respectable woman as house-
keeper in lodging-house or hotel, city; or
will g-o in country: can give references. Call
Monday. A. C, 827 Howard St.
A YOUNG lady manicurist would like a. posi-
tion in a flrct-claES barber shop. Box 2949,
Call office.
SITUATION as 69A De Long
avenue.
WANTED— A position as working housekeeper
for an old courile. or an old lady; best of
referonceE. Address M. MARTIN, general
<!.»li\<-r!\ Alameda Pcstoffl>:e.
YOUNG larlv with typewriter wants work to
do at home. Addresa box 1434, Cfcll office.
WANTED— Plain sewing at home. 860^ Fil-
bert .«t., Oakland.
WANTED — Plain sewing. 949 Mission st.
WANTED— Situation In millinery store. Ad-
dress box 2893, Call office.
PLAIN sewing neatly done. Box 2783, Call
office.
A GOOD laundress wants wcrk for Tuesday;
$1 50 day. Call phone Mint 1257. 329 Eddy.
A GIKL wishes to do light housework for $10
a month. 921 Harrison Bt.
COMPETENT North German lady desires po-
sition as nurse for child; two years up; first-
class reference*. 40S I-arklr: st.
POSITION by neat Eastern woman, eld>rly:
Food cook: capable In care of children and
entirn work of email family; references
plven; wages $15. Box 2427. Call office.
SCOTCH cock wants nosltion as cook. Ameri-
can family; French and American cooking:;
references; wages $35. Box 2784. Call otHcfi.
GIRL wishes position as housewcrker and as-
elst in cooking; country prefe/red. 1024
Howard st.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few days' sewing;
$1 €0 a day. L. A. K., 126 Langtoa st.. rear.
HAIRDRESSER desires few more private cus-
tomers: dyeing, bluaxhlng-. etc.; references;
reasonable. Box 255L Call office.
A WOMAN would like to do light housework.
3136 Pierce et.
YOUNO woman wishes position; boardlng 1 -
house or hotel. 808 Folsom et.
SITUATION as nurse. Box 2947, Call office.
GERMAN lady wants position as housekeeper.
Box 2flO4. Call office.
WANTED— To do mendln*. 842 Austin ave.
WANTED— By a first-class seamstress, to go
c '?t,.f y .***. day: terms 76c an* carfare;
chllidron s dresses a specialty. Box 2993. Call.
SITUATION as cashier. Box 2945. Call office.
SITUATION as milliner. Box 2946, Call.
YOUNG woman wants to work by the day or
gent's washing. Apply \. Lilac ave.
LADY wishes position by the day to do family
uewir.g. etc.; terms reasonable. Box • > 5 T > '»
Call orOce. -•«>*.
POSITION aa cutter and fitter In store Box
2600. Call office. ox
WANTED— By refined, educated woman posi-
tion as housekeeper, nursery governess in-
valid's nurse or any position cf trust- beat
references. Box 2997. Call office.
POSITION as seamstress; experienced. Ad-
drjss box 2944, Call office.
AN experienced girl wishes position to care for
children and assist; good reference?. 3^3
• Hlrtccry ave., between Octavla and Laguna
sts.; carfare.
A WOMAN wants Tuesday and Thursday
cleaning; $1 CO day. L. M., 24SH Harriet st.
GIRL wishes situation in housework. Box
2506. Call office.
A RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a pesi-
10 do chamber work and sewing. Call at
L".'.Mi Laguna «t.
A NEAT cecend girl desires a place, city; best
references; $25. MISS DILLON. 315 Sutter.
LADY wants sewing to do. 113 Rj'an a\o.
! EMp EOYMENT WANTED— remalo-Con 1
• WANTED — A few more places to" care for
small children while ladies go shopping or
attend matinee; good nurse and kind to chil-
dren. Box 23C9. Call office.
A FRENCH lady wishes to do second work In
small family; references. Box 2562, Call.
LADY dressmaker wants work during day.
Box 2503. Call office.
EXPERIENCED stenographer wishes a posi-
tion; wages low to start In. Box 2801, Call.
WANTED— Sewing by the day. Box 2807, Call
j office;
! MIDDLE-AGED German lady would like posi-
tion as housekeeper In city or country. 1S25
Market St., first floor. v
LADY with knowledge of French and Ger-
man and several years' experience In book-
keeping wishes position. Box 1426, Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED — Position as retoucher, or In re-
ception-room, by lady from East; 16 years'
cxperlerce. Address box 1428. Call office.
POSITION as housekeeper by competent
woman with one child; country. Box 1429,
Call office, Oakland.
RELIABLE woman for housecleanlng, latter
part of week; A 1 refereencea. Box 2797.
Call office. •*
A WOMAN wouldlike work by the day ($1 60
day) from 8 to 6. or chamber work. 737 V4
Howard st.
A YOUNG woman wishes a position as work-
Ing housekeeper. Box 2793, Call office.
WANTED — Position by Eastern lady as man-
aging housekeeper or can fill any position of
trust. Box 2794, Call office.
COMPETENT ladles' tailor and dressmaker
j wishes engagements In families; $1 50 per
day; reference. Box 2907, Call office.
• MILLINER from East will call at your homes
and remodel and retrim last season's hats.
Phone Page 4191.
NEAT girl desires nice place. ; Bpx 2849, Call.
| POSITION as seamstress. Apply 804 Fourth
I * street.
j POSITION as housekeeper by refined lady,
fond of children: or place as nurse; country
preferred. SOU Hampshire st.
i EXPERIENCED saleslady wishes position;
] city referred. Box 2909. Call office.
| A COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work at
home; first-class work and reasonable prices:
at home after 0 p. m.. Phone Scott 965; 547
; M> rtle ave.
WANTED — A situation as housekeeper. Ad-
dress 127 Twelfth st.
I '
I STENOGRAPHER, with 4 years' experience,
deslrts position. Address MISS. K. Mc-
TARVISH, 2667 Pine st.
LADY wants plain sewing and alterations.
Call 1'44 Taylor st.
SITUATION as' housekeeper by lady. Box
2983. Ca:i office.
! YOUNG lady, bookkeeper, wants position at
: a fair salary; quick and accurate. Address
MISS K. A., Call office, Oakland".
I STRONG, willing, competent American woman,
temperate, honest, wants light sweeping and
washing by the day; fine laundress; guaran-
tee satisfaction; $ 1 25 and carfare. 189
I Fourth st.. first flight, room 24.
j WANTED — By a competent woman position as
mfuiajrer or housekeeper in private family,
lodging or apartment house; references. Phone
Jessie 49v!l, 10 to 12 m.. or 2 to 4:30 p. m.
A CHANCE — Capable, experienced stencgra-
pher. centrally located, who has *par* time,
would like seme outside work; copying or
dictated. Box 1959. Call office.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker and designer, ad~
vance fall styles, desires a few more engage-
ments: $1 SO per day. 1264 California st. \
LADY, thoroughly experienced stenographer i
In mercantile work, also bill clerk, desires
position; salary not less than $50; best ref-
erences given. Box 2454, Call.
i A YOUNG colored girl would like a osltlon as
• typewriter, copyist, -bookkeeper, general of- I
! flee work; would accept small wages. Box
1420. Call office. Oakland.
A LADY wishes a position as a first-class
, cook; best of refs.; wages $30 to $35 month.
Address 1205 Stockton st., M. C. K.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day, $1 50; dresses altered, perfect
fit guaranteed. Address box 2445, Call.
A WOMAN wishes work by day; washing or
housecleanlng. Telephone East 28.
YOUNO woman would like situation to wait
on table. Inquire 240 Russ st.
COLORED girl wishes position as chamber-
maid or sewing. Phone Red 6583, 566 Sutter.
TYPEWRITING of any kind. Room 604, 708
Market st.
SWEDISH g;lrl wants position for Keneral
housework; wages |15 to flS. 2386 Bryant.,
TYPEWRITING, copying, addressing envelopes
reasonable at MISS EDNA CRAMER'S, room
806. Mutual Bank building.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and Fubscrlptlons taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. S33 McAllister gt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG man wishes position as hardware
clerk. Address box 2439, Call office. .
DRAUGHTSMAN would like additional work
for evenings; either mechanical or patent of-
fice drawings. Box 1547, Call office.
YOUNG man who has experience as a book-
keeper and cashier desires position as an as-
sistant bookkeeper; B years In present place.
Addretes box 1548, Call office.
BOY, aged 15, living with parents, wants place
as errand boy or to learn trade; references.
Address box 1553. Call office.
YOUNG man would like position as draughts-
man; is familiar with design and construc-
tion of electrical machinery. Box 1554, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS cutter on ladles' waists
would like position in a reliable house. Ap-
ply 2D6 Third et. ,
YOUNG man wants office work or collecting;
can furnish references and bond. J. C. S.,
448 Presidio ave. ¦
BOY wanta \o learn the plumber's trade. J.
EMITH. 32 Clarence place.
POSITION wanted by a live salesman; Is Al
talker and can sell the goods. Box 4546, Call.
BOY wants position to learn machinist trade.
Box 2406 Call office. ¦
MECHANICAL draughtsman, 1 year's experi-
ence, to do tracing or detailing. Box 2430,
Call office. ¦
YOUNG man with bank references would like
to learn tbe shoe or clothing trade. Box 155U.
Call office.
MAN wants to work In stable. 1912 Post
street. '
EXPERIENCED manager and salesman wishes
a position in liquor department store. Box
1658. Call office.
A NEAT boy wants a position In printing of-
fice; wants to learn; can furnish references.
Box 2403, Call office.
CHINESE cook wants steady position. 741
Commercial st. >.'>;«
BOY wants a position as, errand boy. : Box
2414. Call office. ¦
HONEST boy wants a position In a printing
concern* willing and obliging; can furnish
references. Box 2419, Call office. . ,
WANTED position In wholesale house; ex-
perience. Box 8321. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; 4 years'
experience in hardware business. Box 2409,
Call office. . ?
BOY wants a position as errand boy. Bex
2iCS, Call office.
BOY wants position as clerk. 1378 Eddy st.
POSITION wanted by cxoerlcnced Janitor or
watchman: first-class cTTy references; mar-
ried man; age 37. Box 2410, Call office.
WATCHMAKER would like position. Box
2412, Call office. . ¦-':,->
BARBER would like situation. Address box
2407. Call office.
EOY tvants position In office. ' Box 2416. Call
office.
BOY wants work; anything. Box 1994, Call
office.
WELL-KNOWN business man would with a
position as clerk Or salesman. Box 2404
Call office. . '
BOY wants work In Jewelry store. 22 Ninth
street:
BY competent bookkeeper, employment part or
all the time; experienced, with first-class
reference. Address box 024, . Call office. ¦
COMPETENT bookke<yer. who can furnish
satisfactory bond apa references desires em-
ployment; will go anywhere. 'Address box
C31. Ca!' office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male— Con.
WANTED — By first-class collector. position
where merit will secure advancement; book-
•keeper also. Box 041, Call office.
A BOY of 17 would like a position behind cigar
stand. Address S. C, 1516 California Bt.
EXPERIENCED man wants bookkeeping or
collecting; Al references; not afraid of work.
- Address box 0415. Call office.
COLLECTOR would like to be wholly or partly
employed; can keep books If desired. Ad-
dress box 0514. Call office. '
YOUNG man of 19 wants Job in printing
house. Box 2417, Call office.
STRONG young man wants Job In warehouse.
Box 241S. Call office.
DRY cleaner wants situation. Call 234 Third
street.
WANTED — Work afternoon. 1 to 6 o'clock.
Address box 243S. Call office
BOY wishes to learn the Jeweler trade. Box
1560, Call office.
WANTED — Position as errand boy. E. C,
840 Mission st.
BOY wants a position as office boy. Box
1575. Call office. ,
NIGHT watchman wants position. Box 1574,
Call oftlce^
POSITION as collector. Address J. J., 1511
Broovrick st.
WANTED — A situation as landscape gardener.
Addresi B., box 2432, Call office.
A YOUNG man, 19 years old. Just completed
1:13 apprenticeship, would like position as
bookbinder; can give references from last
employer. Box 1573. Call office.
BOY wants wcrk In office. 220 Ninth street.
EXPERT bookkeeper wants position; salary
not under $15<!. Box 1561, Call office.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper; Al refer-
ences. Box 1564, Call office. »
WANTED — Work as carpenter. Apply 824
Fc-Isom st.
WANTED — Work as a painter. 607 Hyde
atreet.
OYSTER man wants situation. Box 2456,
Call office.
PLUMBER'S helper wants a Job. Box 2453,
Call office.
WANTED — A position as a barkeeper for Sun-
day. M. WEIMAR, 455 Minna st. ,
YOUNG man wishes situation as porter. Box
2446, Call office.
MAN wants situation as porter; reference.
Answer box 2465. Call office.
BOY wishes position in law office. Box 2450,
Call offloa.
FIRST-CLASS engineer and machinist wants
position. Box 2426, Call office.
YOUNG man. 17 years old, wishes a position
driving a wagon. Address GEO. FRANKLIN,
104 Eleventh st., San Francisco.
POSITION as machinist. Box 2457. Call office.
WANTED — Job; night watchman. Box 2471,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class delicatessen
man: references. Box 2260, Call office.
POSITION wanted as porter in wholesale
house. Box 2465, Call office.
A CAPABLE young man wants position in
general merchandise store: country preferred;
i, vears" experience; good references. Box
2474, Call office.
BARBER wishes steady position. H. H.. 1014
Clay st.
BARBER wants short-hour Job. J. J., 1511
Broderlck St.
SITUATION wanted as errand boy. Apply 844B
Howard st.
WANTED— By respectable young man; com-
panion to gentleman going Bast; Boston or
New York (for fare}: good references. Please
address 3275 Harrison st.
NIGHT watchman wants situation; reliable.
Box 2459, Call office.
PORTER wants to do night work. Box 245S,
Call office.
BOY wishes position in a bag factory as book-
blnJer. Box 2460, Calt office.
BOY 15 years old. would like to drive a
butcher cart. Phone Sutter 2815; box 2470,
Call office. | ¦
POSITION as stock clerk -in wholesale clothing
houe«; can give good references. Address
Box 2461, Call office.
GAS or gasoline enelneer wishes position. Box
2468, Call office.
YOUNG boy wl3hes to work In store or go
errands. 1F16 Fifteenth ave.
EXPERIENCED elevator operator wants a
situation. Box 2428. Call office.'
AN upholsterer wants work. 1004 A Scott st.
WANTED — A position at any kind of mechan-
ical work. Box 2480, Call office. !
, |
YOUNG man wants a position as shipping j
cl<rk;' U not afraid of work. Apply box
2483. Call office.
BOY wants a position as office boy. Box
2511, Call office.- !
WANTED — A position as barkeeper. Bex 250S, I
Call office. I
AUSTRIAN, 30 years old, speaks English. [
German. Polish and Russian, wants position
as bookkeeper, cashier or collector; city or I
country; best references. Box 2424, Call. !
PIPEFITTER or cutter would like position; |
can run machine; marine work. Box "2507,
Call office.
SINGLE middle-aged man. handy at any kind
of work, wants, situation. Box 2505, Call.
JOB printer,, all around, formerly established, |
desires position. COINTE, 1505 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; hotel or i
cafe; city. Box 2506, Call office. J j
WANTED — A «ober and reliable man desires j
a steady situation as collector ; good refer- !
ences; state ralary. L. F. GREINER. 1277
Hayes Et.
GOOD all-round man wants position In pri-
vate place; understands care of horses, gar-
den; good driver; can milk; good reference3. L
Box 2515. Call office. • (
YOUNG man wishes night work. 289 Fell
street. . . i
BOY wants position as office boy. . Box 218t, I
Call office. .; :
EXPERIENCED 1 moving picture and stereonti- '
con operator; expert electrician; best of city !
reference!!. Box -5C2, Call office.
YOUNG man would like to work 4 hours a
day In mornlrt; anO evening. Box 2500, Call. !
A YOUNG man. 5 years' experience In machine
shop, wants wcrk of any kind. Call or ad-
dress D. BANKS, 037 Jessie St., city. :
BOOKKEEPER wishes position with wholesale
hou«e; thoroughly competent and can furnish
best of reference. Box 2497, Call office.
WATCHMAKER would like work evenings. '
Box 249H, Call off.ee.
ENGINEER, first-class, and all around ma-
chinist, wants Job. Box _557. Call. " '
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation In city
' hotel; good references. Address COOK, 275 '
Stevenson st. , ¦ .
i. i
BOY -wants position aa office boy. Box 2938, j
Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as helper In
electrical shop; has six months experience I
with Wemlenthal Goslinger Co. of this city, i
who will give reference. Address FRANK M. i
, HUGHES, 1427 Haves st. i
POSITION wanted by salesman with eight '
years experience; an Al worker; best of ref- t
ecencts. Box 2906. Call. . j
GARDENER, florist, middle-aged, life expsr- i
iencp in greenhouse work, wants situation. !
Box 2S05, Call. . ' {
FIRST-CLASS cook wants position. 14 'Hayes
street. ¦.¦¦•¦ - . ,
WANTED— Position as teamster in city. Box
2644, Call. . •
WANTED — A position as bartender. 909 Har-
rison st. . ' <
WANTED— Position as clerk. Box 2543, Call
,' office. > ¦ ,
BOY, age 15, with references, wants work in
'wholesale house or learn a trade. Address
J. B.-M..-. 1221. Mission et.
YOUNG man wants position only In the aft-
ernoon. Box 2564, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position of, any kind. 312
Filbert st.
BARTUNDER. experienced, steady and re-
. liable, wishes position; gives references. Box
2582, Call.
PAINTER, has all tools'! will work very, reas-
onable. Address PAINTER. 409 Turk st ;
Dhone Hyde 1106. .
POSITION "wanted by carpenter In a hotel
- oi larse firm. 1242 Polk st.
EMPIiOYMEirr WAITTEP — Malt— Con. [
ADVBRTSING WRITING AS AN ART-
CHARLES WILLIAM BUSHER- (Illinois)
respectfully offers his services to the public;
will open office soon; desire illustrator as
associate; have national reference. 9J3
Ellis st.
WANTED — Position as collector: references
and bonds furnished. Box 2598, Call.
SITUATION wanted; middle man as all around
.cook. N. P. O.. 504 Howard st.
WANTED— Situation to drive small butcher
wagon. Box 2571, Call.
RELIABLE Chinese cook wants situation in
hotel; city preferred. Box 2570, Call.
A YOUNG man'- desires a situation as team-
. ster for wholesale firm; well acquainted with
city. 802A Lyon st. ' /
STENOGRAPHER, first-class college man,
married, wants position. Box 2576, Call.
A BOY wants a position as wagon boy. Box
25S9. Call.
WANTED — Employment as salesman. Apply
ROBT. CHRISTIE. 30 Post st.
YOUNG man wants to learn shoe repairing.
Address box 2512. Call.
YOUNG man wants office work; best of ref-
erences. Box 2575. Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man as porter
In a wholesale house. H. BUCKMANN, 237
Minna st.
A UNION carpenter wants Job finishing. Ask
for HART. 1945 Hyde st.
BOY of 16 wishes position to drive wagon.
Box 2573. Call.
YOUNG German, speaks English, wishes a
position as grocery clerk or waiter. Box
2572. Call. „,,
YOUNG man wants Job on small country news-
paper as compositor. Box 2809, Call.
BOY of 15 wants to learn '' plumbing trade.
Box 2S06, Call.
GLAZIER wants Job. city or country. Ad-
dress C. Z., 2178 Sutter st
ACCOUNTANT, young man, experienced au-
ditor and systematlzer, familiar with all
modern methods; permanent or temporary;
excellent credentials; wages moderate. Box
2547. Call. ?
YOUNG man. 5 years soliciting, desires po- .
sttlon as salesman with wholesale firm. Box
2RC8, Call.
COLLECTOR and bookkeeper with references
and bond; small or large accounts, wants .
•work. Box 2948. Call.
FIRST-CLASS specialty salesman wants road
position, either California or Oregon, salary ,
or commission; best of references. Box 2995,
Call.
JAPANESE, reliable, honest cook, wishes
place In good family, city or country; |7
week. NISHI. 1212 Pt. Lobos ave.
YOUNG man wants office work. Box 2811,
Call. ,
A GENTLEMAN with 11 years experience in
Central America managing his own busi-
ness, speaking and writing Spanish, wishes
employment, preferably with some export
house. Box 2839, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bartender wishes position; best
of references. Box 2527, Call.
WANTED — Position as Janitor; best of ref-
erences. Box 2526, Call.
A BOY wants a position as stock boy. Box
2518, Call.
A YOUNG boy wishes a position as cash or
errand boy. Inquire box 2516. Call.
BOY wishes work of any kind. Box 2531, Call
office
A * POSITION wanted by young 1 man of 18
yean, to learn grocery business; wages no
object. Address box 2536. Call.
WANTED— A position as head Janitor; best
of referencts. Box 2535, Call.
BOY wishes to learn the Jewelry and silver-
ware engraving trade. Box 2325, Call.
BARBER wa*hts Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday Job. Address box 2513, Call.
WANTED— Situation as specialty salesman.
Box 2574, Call.
EXPERIENCED stenographer and office as-
sistant desldes position; references. 1528
Webster st
BOOKKEEPER, salesman and all around ac-
tive and capable business man of 31 wants
position In the country; grocery, hardware or
general merchandise; answer quick. Box
2521. Call. ,
ENGINEER wants position; has had 20 years
experience; can give all required reference;
will take Job as watchman or handy man
around machinery. Box 2519. Call.
ADVERTISING .man. salesman and manager,
with ideas that mean money to any line
or paper, seeks responsible position, city
or country. Box 2528. Call.
YOUNG man wishes work of any kind for 4
or 5 hours after 7 p. m. Box 2597, Call.
YOUNG man, strong, handy, good penman,
quick at figures. French, German and Eng-
lish, wants position of any kind. Box 2596,
Call.
WANTED by an indiistrious young man, a po-
sition as clerk in wholesale or retail estab-
lishment; references furnished. Address box
L'59:t. Call.
YOUNG man desires position as porter. Box
2392. Call.
BOY • wants; situation in a store. 1190 Mis-
sion st.
WANTED— A pofltlon as a clerk.': Box 2462.
Call.
WANTED— Position as machinist. 1224 Har-
rison ft;
WANTED— Position as stock clerk." Address
-A. W. L., 525 Montgomery st.
WANTED — A position as an errand boy. Box '
2SS8. Call. ¦ j
YOUNG man ¦ desires position in wholesale i
house, otfice or outside work; best of ref- j
erences; experienced. Box 2577. Call. ;
YOUNG experienced cigar clerk wants posl- ;
2 tion;_hfiat_ references. Address HUBBARD, '
50« Jcncv ft. I
WA.N'TKD — Position as plumber's hslper. Box !
2493, Call. I
SITUATION wanted by a all around engineer, '
•electrician and machinist of 21 years ex-
perience; temperate; have my own tools.
L. J. DOW. 201S Larkln *t.
VOUNG man would like to work In a stor> In
the afternoons. FRANK LANDON. 2470 j
Brytnt st. "
YOUNO German wants a position as porter
In faloon. A. SCHIPPMANN, 237 .Minna tt. j
SITUATION wanted by a German all around i
cook. Apply 'S2 First *t. .1
— ; !
BOY would Uke to learn butchers' trade. 68 '
Clementina st. . ' 7 "--V' i
MAKER of extracts and high grade perfumes ,
Is open for engagement:' low salary to be- :
Bin. Box 2353, Call office. I
WANTED — Work as porter. Apply CHAS. '
MAYNON. 744 Hownrd «t. 1
POSITION a« errand bey, after school. 1207 .
Buchanan st. I
CARPENTER (non-union), can plan building, !
wants work. Box 2912. Call. . <
A MIDDLE-AGED man would like a place ofl
irust and ilo janitor, garden or housework: •
will give cash security, also references as for
honesty. Address box 2913, Call offlc*.
A LANDSCAPE irardener.* farmer In all
branches would Improve new lands, . lay out
, Irrigation for alfalfa, raise hogs, f tc.';' also j
plant young crchard. vines, vegetables: small
or large scale: California references ami ex-
parience. Box 2853, Call office. . . |
BARTENDER must have work. L. BOWER, !
212 Fourth at., city. • • ; - i
A GOOD and honest boy, 17 years,'. who Is an 1
exptrlenced elevator operator, with first-class
referencts, wants a position. Address box
2911. Call office.
WANTED— A place as cigar clerk. 16 Third st.
WANTED — A position as day porter in whole-
sale house. Address box 2834, Call office.
WANTED— Position as errand boy. 145 Thir-
teenth at., Ssn Francisco. • > . |
WANTEU-^Bv an elderly man. work as day
port :r. *AdJrcts FRANK, box 2852. Call.
ADVERTISING WRITING AS AN ART-
CHARLES WILLIAM BUSHER (Illinois)
respectfully offers his services,!© ths public;
will open office soon; desire Illustrator as
associate; have national reference. 933
Ellis St.' t ' ,"
POSITION a* porter wanted * in wholesale
house. 331 Sanches st. •
SITUATION; wanted In .lunch house and help
¦-.in bar: good eook. Apply Monday morning-, j
921 Jackson st., rear. city. ". -' ¦ •
8MWOYHZIIT WANTED — Male— Con.
A RELIABLE waiter wishes evening work.
Box 2850. Call office.
BOY wishes a position in an office. Box 2991.
Call office.
GENERAL machinist and engineer wants a
. steady position. Box 2990. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer wants position. Box
2989. Call office.
PAINTER, paper hanger, sign writer, wants
work; tools furnished. 1272 Folsom st. ; phone
Mint 131.
YOUNG man wants position In hardware store
as shipping clerk or office work; operates
Remington. Box 2950. Call office.
WANTED — Position as hostler. 39A De Long
ave. •- '.._•
PLUMBER, licensed, and independent, wants
• work from property owner by the day or
week; has all necessary shop tools. Box 2&04.
Call office.
"WANTED — Battenberg work: $1 day or piece.
Address C. box 2560, Call office.
BARTENDER wanta work- 174 Fourth st;
BOY wants work after school hours. 1416 Va-
lencia st.
KITCHEN helper wants position. K.. 104
Third st.
CARPENTER wanU work by Job. Box 2538.
Call office.
SOBER working man. healthy wants work on
chicken or fruit ranch; appreciates good
home more than wages. R. HOFFMANN, 63
Natoma st.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cabinet-
maker. Call at 253 Fell st.
WANTED — Position as dry goods clerk. Ad-
dress box 2S37, Call office.
YOUNG man, graduate of law. wants posi-
tion in law firm as clerk. Box 2835, Call.
PORTER and valet: first-class: age 23; wants
any kind of steady work; any place; salary
no object; excellent refs. Box 2S34, Call.
WANTED — Position as assistant bookkeeper.
Box 2833. Call office.
SITUATION as porter, saloon preferred. Ad-
dress box 2832, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wishes position with wholesale
house; can , furnish the best of referenes.
Box 2829. Call offlee.
BOY wants work la wholesale house. Box
2826. Call office. ":
JAPANESE wants position to run elevator or
any kind of work In store or hotel. J.
HORRY. 628 Stevenson st.
CAPABLE man, age 30, desires position as
seoretary and correspondent or responsible
outside position: best references. Address
box 2792, Call offlee.
|
A GOOD upholsterer and carpetlayer wants a
steady position: will make himself useful
at other work. Address box 2796. Call offlee.
FIRST-CLASS ncn-unlon waiter wishes situ-
ation: good wages expected. Box 2MX>. Call.
WANTED— Situation as clerk; can furnish
references. J. H. C, 731 Folsom at. ,
WANTED— A position as night watchman.
JOHN WALSH. 733 Howard st.
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building,
wants work; will go to country. Box 2799.
Call office.
COACHMAN, capable, reliable man. seeks po-
sition; good references. Box 2795, Call.
A CHINESE cook wants situation In small
family. GEORGE. 21 Brenham place, city.
WANTED — Position as perter in wholesale
house. M5Vj Howard St.. room S.
A FRENCH couple, middle-aged, long experi-
ence in great family of Paris; speak a little
English: wife very good eook, man as waiter
or do housework, wish situation, city or coun-
try- Box 2777. Call office.
MAN to. learn plumbing trade; willing to work
for rmall wages after experience; would be
willing to become a partner. Box 2859. Call.
FIRST-CLASS wholesale grocery salesman,
with five years' experience and highest refer-
ences, wants work Immediately. Box 2856.
Call office.
BRICKLAYER wants work, city or country;
competent man. Box 2857, Call office.
YOUNG man wants a position as apprentice to
carpenter trade. 1490 Dolores st.
BOY wants a job with milkman. 1407 Seventh
ave. .-
GARDENER wants work for four days per
week. Box 2860. Call offlee.
WANT copying nights after 6:30. 1104 Market
st.. room 35.
WANTED — By boy of 17. situation In whole-
sale drug house. Address box 2910. Call.
SCHOOLBOY wishes Saturday position. Box
2862, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as apprentice to
carpenter. 529 Mission st. -
FIRST-CLASS bank clerk would like a posi-
tion In city or country; capable of taking
full charge of the books. Box 2911. Call.
GOOD Japanese couple want positions in fami-
ly, man as gcod cook, wife as waitress; best
references. S. T., 1303 Palk st.; phone Lar-
kln 482.
BRIGHT, honest Japanese, with Al refs..
wants position as butler or waiter In city
mansion. Address C. G. IMANO. SlOlj
Stockton st.
A GOOD Japanese boy wishes to have a posi-
tion as hou*eworker or general helper. R.
K.. 507 Larkln st.; phone Larkin 1494.
A BOY wishes a position in grocery. Apply
650 Natoma st. V.,'.-;,--. 1 .
POSITION wanted as night watchman. ¦ Ad-
drees 225 Third st. s
FIKST-CLASS barber tvfihes position. Ad-
dress HARRY PAGE. 233 Third it., city.
BLACKSMITH wishes position in machine
shop. Address 227 Third st.
POSITION wanted as gardener. Apply 225
Third st.
CARPENTER wants work. Address 3447
Twenty-fifth st.. San Francisco.
BLACKSMITH wants position. Address 223
Third st.
A YOUNG married man would like position
or any kind: wages from ?15 to |18 per
week. Address H. J. S.. 2310 Taylor st.
SITUATION wanted as painter. 512 Filbert
street.
WANTED— Position as bartender. GARLAND
& QUINN*. 231 Third st.
AN experienced elevator" operator wants a
situation. Box 2952. Call.
A CHINESE cook wants position in hotel. F.
B.. 914 Dupont st.
PAINTER and paperhanger; man with tools
wants work day or contract. 26 Mary st.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as cook
In private family: has reference; city or
country. W. N. N.. 931 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Position as waiter in mine camp.
W. BARTINE. "44 Howard st. h
POSITION as store mechanic; master of cash
or parcel carriers:- spare time as special
watchmen. 131 Buchanan st.
WANTED — Work as porter. Apply J. F.
HARRIS, 744 Howard st.
MAN wants. work by the day. 2402 Bryant st.
COLLECTOR— Sober. Industrious married man
of good address, n resident of San Francisco
for more than 25 years, wants position" as
collector: give be»/ of references and fur-
nish bond if necessary. Box 2790. Call office.
A YOUNG man wants a few hours' work
dally, early in the morning until 8:30. or in
the evening after «. Box 2791, Call office.
WANTED— Position as errand boy. Box 2S48,
Call office.
WANTED — A position as collector; best of
references. Box 2767. Call office.
PAINTER (non-unfon) wants work; reason-
able. 138 Freelon st. '.-*•',,
BARTENt)ER -wishes position. Address «r*
Third st.
SITUATION by all around printer and press-
man: competent In both branches. Address
box 2773 .Call office.
A BOY wants a position In an office. Box
2770. Call office. ;* *
A BRIGHT and Industrious boy. 14 years old,
wishes wcrk after school hours. Address 171
Hartfori St., city.
YOUNG man. 30 years of age. wishes position
as porter: references or bond given. Box
29S6. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as salesman; ex-
perienced. Box 2987, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Mala— Con.
A BOY. 17 years old. Cierman descent, wisnes
to got a position as bellboy or to run an
elevator. Please address box 27Stf. Call.
TEAMSTER wants job driving truck. Send
word to 225 Tehama st.
WANTED— Position as cupcersmith. Apply
3777 Twenty-third at.
FIRST-CLASS union bartender wishes posi-
tion. Addregs J. L>. KRITZ. 232 Third St.
A COMPETENT bookeerer. employed during
th» day, would take a small set during tha
ever.ing. Addresa box 2x23. Call office.
WANTED— Position a« collector; experienced.
Box 2y2t. Call office.
ELECTRICIAN de*lre» position; experienced
repair man and machinist. Box 2S23. Call.
ACCOUNTANT, expert at flsureu, desires po-
sition: best of references. Box 2S22. Call.
EXPERT stenographer desires position in
wholesale house. Box 2STS. Call offlee.
POSITION as driver for delivery wajecn. Box
2785. Call office.
YOUNO man wishes position of any kind. 1411
Montgomery st.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by a first-class bar-
ber. O74A Howard st.
GERMAN-AMERICAN. 35, wishes situation:
private place, resort or ranch; good horse-
man; careful driver: care garden, farm, or-
chard work. mirk, handy about place with
tool*; references. LEVASIER, 815 Washing-
ton st.. Oakland.
WANTED — Position In furniture store as por-
ter. Box 2780, Call office.
WAITER wants a situation In a flrst-clase
restaurant. Box 27S7. Call office.
GOOD barber wants steady work: state wages.
Box 2804. Call office.
A..GOOD varnlsher and polisher on pianos, an-
tique and mahogany furniture wants work;
also pianos repaired. Box 2363. Call office.
POSITION as waiter In the country. Box 2STB.
Call office.
WOULD like a Job as gerdener. S. PASSET.
810 Powell st.
BOY wants to rarry morning paper route. Ad-
dress box 2934. Call office.
WANTED — Position as cook. Apply 1901 Van
Ness ave.
WANTED— Position a» porter. JAMES. 623
Tehama st.
BRIGHT young man, up and a-gotng. wants
Job where he has a show to ko ahead. Ad-
* dress box 1433. Call office. Oakland.
GOOD big. strong boy wants to learn trade:
willing and has plenty of jabe. Address
WILL H.. Call office. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by experienced office boy:
has written recommendation. Box 287.'?. Call.
YOt'NO mar. 17 year3 old. would like posi-
tion at office work; writes good hand. Box
27R9. Call offlcve.
LAUNDRYMAN— Wanted. position by first-
class washer; city cr country. Box 2S74. Call.
MAN wants position as engineer. £23 l j Clara
street.
BOY wants work in office. 2329 Market St.
CUTTER wishes position. 49 Geary st.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants rosition in
hotel. SAM. 715^ Duront st.
WANTED — A position a« shipping clerk. Box
Ifi3«. 1CCS Market st.
CARPENTER wants work: understands plans.
Box 1637. lfif-S M.-irket st.
ACCOUNTANT will audit, systematize or d^
back or current work for portion of time;
highest references; reasonable. Bex 2S7J.
Call office.
WANTED — A position as bartender. S. WOLF.
36 Fourth st.
WASTED — Steady work on large fruit ranch;
driving team: wages $.30 and found. Call cr
address C. STRIEGEL. 2O4 Third St.
CUTTER, could al3f> manage tailoring estab-
lishment looking for position in cr outsid-s
of city. Box 2445. Call office.
A RELIABLE man wants Doeitlon as night
watcf-man; references. Address I. B.. 75ti
Folsom n.
GARDENER wants situation; competent to
grow a collection of orchids; best of refer-
ences. Address box 2478. Call.
SALESMAN and collector desires a position;
best qf references. Box 1425. Call office. Oak-
land.
FIRST-CLASS machinist and tocl-maker; will
go anywhere. Box 15445. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as hostler in livery stable.
Address R. S., 1300 Stockton «.
EOY of IS would like to drive wagon. Box
2444, Call office.
WANTED — Position as collector: references
No. 1 and bonds furnished. Box 2421. Call.
CARPENTER, competent, destres work by
contract or otherwise. 2027 Taylor st.
STEWARD
Witfl first-class Eastern reference*
Wants a position, city or country.
Hotel cr restaurant.
Box 2132. Call office.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants sets of books to keep, opening and
closing books, expertlng accounts, etc Box
2203. Call office.
COLLECTOR— Situation wanted by a man of
several years' experience; will furnish best
cf reference and bond If necessary. Address
box 2232. Call office.
WATCHMAN— Day or night; situation wanted
In city cr country by a rooer and reliable
roan; can furnish best of reference and bond
if n*ees*ary. Box 2331. Call office.
GERMAN gardener, married. liko work hy day
or month in city. Box 2431. Call cfrtce.
25OKKEEPINO or collecting, or both, for
part or all the time, wanted by an experi-
tnced man who Is willing to give valua
received; has best of inferences and can Ktvij
bonds if necessary. Address box 2415. Call.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter leslras po-
sition: four years' experience with railroad;
best references- Box 2413. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as night watchman. Jan-
itor, porter, colfector or work in privata
pUee; Al references. Box 2251. Call office.
OCULIST from East of considerable; experi-
ence desires position with optician. DR.
PHILLIPS. 204 Oregonlan bldg.. Portlaad.Or.
HOTEL clerk— Situation wanted In city or
country by an experienced man: will furnlstl
best cf references. Addr«ss box 2330. Call. ¦
CHINESE, excellent cook, very nice refer-
ences, wlslvn a situation In family; city or
country; wages $3£. Address 734A Jackjon
st.. room 21. phone China 118. between S
and 11 a. m. %
WANTED — Position by a first-class CainssA
cook; family or boarding-house. K. L.. 1113
Clay »t.; tel. Black 3638.
JAPANESE with references wishes position as
cook; French. German or any style cooking;
city; crlvate family; good wages. 933 Sae-
ramento at.
GOOD Japanese couple want positions In fam-
ily; man as good cook, wife as waitress; best
references. S. T.. 1303 Polk st.; phone Lar-
kin 4S2.
A JAPANESE wants a position as cook in a
small family; city or country; washing; ref-
erences; $0 up week. N. K., 31? Mason it.:
phone James 5231.
A JAPANESE boy wants position to do cook-
ing In family or family boarding-house;
wages $30 to $35: must have references. Ad-
gress H. A.. 20 Lewis place, og Taylor at.
A JAPANESE young man wishes a position at
housework; $2 week. T. STANLEY. 130*
Post st.: Dhone Slitter 4132.
YOUNO Jaoanese boy. wishes situation as
waiter, housework or plain cook.. Adress 531
Castro at.. S. F.; telephone Church M30. .
A- JAPANESE cook wants situation aa eook
cr housework In small family, city or coun-
try. F. K.. 413B Larkln st.
NICB JaDanes* want* situation to do house-
work at «mal! wi|«a. YOKO. 230 Ellis St.
I -
E3CCHAJTPE.
MCUt) SHARES of good Cripple Creek Minlns;
Company to exchange for lots. Box 2772,Call.
rmtjTiTUKS •WAJfTEJ.
"""*" "abe levy.
Salesroom. 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessie T81.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office Jur-
rdture. «tc. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 2i» per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will fell on commission. L- H.
1 BURP, auc l'»3ft Market: phone Jessie 233*.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
oients See Page 44,THE SAN FRANCISCO" CALL, ~ SUNDAY/ OCTOBER 9, 1901.
44
7UXSXTUHE FOB SAZiS.
LEATHER-covered office furniture ai;d 6 liv-
ing raoaifc; house to rent: suitable for doctor,
dentist, etc.. oflkc; reasonable. X\\ Powell.
M. METER & CO. r-ay hishevt price :cr fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission ;tel. Bush 81-5.
KOtt sale— Barcaln: & rooms, furnished; easy
t»rnu. See parties at 047 Commercial st.
OAK folding-bed ar.d fprir.g maUre«i (new);
cheap. !iZO Go'.Ccn Gate ave.. ro*m 10. j
Ml LEAVEN WORTH nt.— House S roomi; 6!
furnished; Monday. 1 to u.
$75 WORTH of furnluw* for $7 50 -down. $1 43
per weelt. T. Brlllla%t's Fur. Co.. 340 Post ft.
THTAHCIAI..
= V
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONOS.
Kecjred. by th* Lett of Income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
interest. . '
*. . ¦ I
Send for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (INC.)
1172 Broadway. Cor. 14th St..
- Oakland.
COMPANIES' inorrpbrate-i: new i«ea«; pre-
ferred guarantee! stocks: preferential divl- |
dends: big excitement mining: liurry up: do j
it now; stock sold for you; Eastern connec-
tions; out-of-town, clients solicited; advic» I
Tree. Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Cross-
lejr building. San FranH«co.~"
WAKTErv- Party with from *5Ono to $10,000
to Inv<st in a legitimate business, fully -es-
tablished:' paid 30 r*»r cent net last year;
nm lnvestiration courted. W. M-. box 2S31,
0*1! office. -
CORPORATIONS formed;, lowest rates. Cor-
poratmn Trust Co.. CIS Mills bldg.
rLAtBTO LIT.
A- HOfSF.S and fiats to let; an immense list;
•*rv*<* absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st.. en the square.
CHARMING view, up-to-date flat. 7 rooms,
bath. 793 Clayton nr. Frederick; will make
reduction In rent to good tenant. Call on
owner at premises.
- — AL5W5
Flat of 6 rooms, bath; very low rent. Call
at abo\* address.
A— HAIGHT. 9R9. *outheast corner Broderick —
Sunry lirht upp^r flat. 7 rooms, bath; Bac-
chus STStes.- mahoirany mantels; splendid
view; low rent to desirable tenant. SPECK
& CO., 209 Montgomery st.
A-lRSH-tt., 2020»i: 2 new flats. 8 rooms,
bath each: sunny; very latest conveniences;
•e.- these to-d«y. SPECK & CO., 208 Mont-
*n.Mn»ry *t. - -
BITCH V upper flat, near Park: new and mod-
ern: 7 momsr tastefully furnished; 'November
1 to June or July; $50; no children: refer-
ence*. Answer to box 2466. Call office.
LEAVENWORTH. 1300. near Clay— Lower flat
of 7 room* and bath; rent $40. VON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 California st.
GROVE. 12O4. near Scott— Modern upper flat or
. 7 roonjs and bath ; rent $27 5rt. VON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 California st.
A BRIGHT sunny flat corner Stelner and
Unfen *t?.; 7 rooms and bath: an excellent
location and well arranged for a physician
and family. Phone owner. West 1128.
STEINER,. 2234H. corner Greenwich — 2 fine
flat*. 5 and 4 rooms: $12-$ 10 a month; see
them. Bl'RXHAM & MARSH CO.. 211 Mont-
gomery st.
APHBt'RY et.. between Haight and Page; new '
4 and 5 rocm flats: everything swell; Janitor
• service; come and see them.
FLAT to let at RCS McAllister st.; 6 rooms snd
bath; beet repair; must be seen to be appre-
clated.- - •
$25^-GRAND flat; 6 rooms: all modern and
ninny; »rr&nd view. 736 Dolcres St., corner
Liberty- ... ' '
GRAND sunny flat: 7 rooms, all modern: rent
very low to responsible party. 674 Valencia
et.. near Twentieth.
NEW. runny flats of 6 rooms and hath; tinted
In latest style and everything- up to date.
3LC2 and 3154 Twenty-sixth St.; $25.
115 SANCHEZ, between Market and Four-
teenth—A new modern flat of 7 rooms; rent
tvasonable. - -
ELEGANT, new. sunny 6-room flat: $32 50; 1
block ncrth of Market et. 165 Noe St.. near
Fifteenth. •
ERODERICK. JU20. near Sutter — Elerant new
mctlrrn fiat. 7 rooms and bath; sunny ei-
po»ure; key lot.
YICKSBURG, near 24th— New. light, sunny. 5
rooms and bath; rent $23; best flat in Mis-
.&U>n for the . price.
$32 SO— NEW flat of 7 r. & b.; large yard and
garden for children; sun all day. NW. cor.
Fulton and Scott, opp Alamo square.
UPPER flat 3 sunny rooms, bath, tubs,' yard
- a|d phone; rent $1-1 50. Apply 1005 Treat
ate., near Twenty-third st.
A NICE corner flat. 7 rooms; 2042 Scott St.,
cor. Sacramento; rent $30; water free.
A 7-R"OOM flat: every room light; every mod-
- era $40. 1235 Fulton «t.
A MODERN upper Cat; 7 rooms and bath. 1873
O'Farrell ft.
BAKER. 731-7-T5. near McAllister— 2 modern
flit*," 6-7 rooms; very sunny.
BU8H. 25*«. ccrner De\1yadero — Desirable up-
per flat. 7 rooms and beth: rent reasonable.
CARL. 2S— To let. new; 6 rooms and bath; $28.
CENTRAL, modern flat; ft rooms, bath. WZQ
Sacramento st.. above ' Powell.
LUKGANT bay-window- flat. 6 rooms, bath.
735 Minna at., west* of Ninth.
iUEGANT r.ew Cat^enaTge sunny rooms and
bath: rent $35. 1737 "Pace st.'- ¦ • ¦
FLAT of 4 rooms; rent $25; partly furnished,
- for- sale. - 523.- Jones st. ¦ •
FIXE upper flat; grand -marine view; 6 large
reoms,bath. S.E.cor. Jcnes st. and Broadway.
HOWARD. 2953-57. near 25:h— Elegant new'
flata. >25. .
HOWARD. C96"— Modr-m. sunns-, upper Cat. 6
rooms and bath; $25.
LARKIN, 1JS12. pear California— Lower flat, 7
reoms and bath; rerit reasonable.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
»n LTON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
LEAVLXV.ORTH. 103». r:*ar California— Five
rooms and bath; rent $14.
LOWKR flat; 5 rooms and bath. 848 Sddy st. '
ntar . Franklin. *
MISSION warm t*lt: 2 new, sunny flats
1122-im Guerrero Bt.
NATf'MA. 7J4. near Ninth — Upper flat, 4 sunny
roomer large yard; rent $14.
NICE epper flat. 7 rooms and bath. $25. 190
Noe »t.. near Fifteenth; Castro car.
POEKrt3Sl-37: near Union— Pretty n«w flats
5 rooms and bath.
POST. 6JI — Sunny 4-room flat, new sink-
127 ftO. '
tANCHEZ. 12C5— Sunny upper corner. C rooms
bath; rent to suit ta a good- tenant. '
EUNNY 3-room flat; will fix up to suit; ground
flow. 674 Eighth ave.
TWENTY-SECOND. 3554.i near Dolores-Fire
rooms, .bath, double parlors ; $15. •
VAN NESS. 3C23— Flat. 5 sunny rooms an* '
bath: modern Improvements; marine view.
3 NEW. sunny flats of 3 large rooms and «»•
$13 50. 3322 Fillmore tt. *""•
4 UNFURNISHED sunny rooms and bath S°O I
Second etory. 10B7 McAllister «t.
4 ROOMS, bath: rent $18: sdulta. 4 Fremont
ave., near Ashbury end Waller.
$20 — SUNNY upper flat of 5 room* and ba»h-
yard. 23S1 California St.; l:ey 20M Ca llf omU !
1389 MASONIC me.— New Cat S rooms, bath '
ar.d finished basement. ,
• 1
I* TARL it.. r.ear Clayton— New 0-room flat. '
$25. ¦
FLATS WABTSS.
WANTED — Kunny. flat. 4 or 5 rooms, by
American family of three; state price. Box
28I». Call. • '
WANTED — 3 or 4 room flat; must be clean
aaa central; stale jirlce. 38 Geary, room 18.
PLATS TO &ET— ruaSTISHEP.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of five
rooms acd bath: rent reasonable. Apply
4aily between 1:80 and 6 p. m.. 79 Suuia
Park.
HANDSOMELY fur. modtrn flats, 4, 5 and 9
r.; run; r*nt reas.; 2 to 5 p. in. 434 Bartlett.
SEVENTH. 46. near Market— Flat, 4 sunny
rooms; newly fitted up; rent moderate.
NICELY furnished lower flat, « rooms; gas and
coal stoves. Phone Geary 2241.
ELLIS, 730 — 6 or S rms.. finely furnished; va-
cated Oct. 1. Call bet. 1£< p. m.. premises.
JPUJRNISHED.^^
ELLIS. 927. near Van Ness — 6-room flat, out-
side • rooms, completely- furnished; rent
$::" SO; 3 rooms rented; big bargain if sold
atodce. " " — * . * —
UPPER flat of <?e\f"n rooms at 00 Geary *t.
fcr sale as a whoie-or.-by piece; great sacri-
fice on account of sickness; flat for rent.
1782 SUTTER— 7-room flat; 6 completely fur-
nished; all newr will sell for $300; rent $35.
MODERN -9-room sunny flat; rent $42 50:
water free; furnishings at a bargain. 178
Oak st.; call between 10 and 3.
BARGAIN— Nine rooms' and' bath furnished:
cheap rent. 728 Howard st.; 'must be sold
before October 15.
NICELY furnished "flat; 7 -rooms; for sale: rea-
sonable; central. Address box ' 2537. Call.
FOR -'Vale — Beautiful sunny 8-ropm flat, very |
reasonable; come and see it. 812 Eddy st. |
FOR sale — Nicely furnished flat, 5 rooms and
bath;-rent-?lS. 658 Fourth st.
NICELY furnished modern fiat for sale. 1974
Folsom St., .near Sixteenth. . ' . 1
CONTENTS "of 7 rooms; must be sold by No- |
vember. 15. 1516*4. Vallejo st. 1
S-ROOM flat, nicely furnished; will sell reas-
onable.. .806 Eddy .st. v,
FURNITURE of 6-room sunny- flat; account
departure; rent f2O. J 138% Fair Oaks st.
' EELP WAarrjEi* — rriULE.
A KITCHEN maid for a private family $25.
A housemaid and seamstress for a steady I
place In city, $30.
A nurse for one child (to go south), wages
$20.
A cook for a restaurant. $15 a week.
A nurse for an Institution- In city. $25.
A. cook for a boardthg-house, city. $30.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A LADY'S maid who can sew well. $30.
A nurse for one child (infant), $30.
A cook for 2 people, wages $35.
A rood plain cook for small family, $30.
A second girl for -email family. -San Rafael,
J30; lady to be seen here Mo3aay.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter. St., near Powell.
AN infant's nurse, wages $35, must bring
references. - ¦ . -
A nurse for an institution in country. $30.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.; near Powell.
AT NATNIONAL EMPLOYES* RECORD CO.
Relief cashier, restaurant, $7 50 and meals
week.
Stenographer good at figures. $25 to start.
Wrapper, millinery store. $7 week.
Wrapper, shoe store, good salary.
Salesladies, sell stock Blue. Ledge Gold Min-
ing Company.
Printing, solicitors, $10 to $20 week.
Office open Sunday 0 a. m. until 3 p. m.
509 Hearst bldg.
AA^EMPLOYMENT. REGISTER CO.,
6*r«5 CHRONICLE BLDG. JAMES 2621.
Experienced hat trimmer $75 mo.
Teacher for orphanage. Good salary
Lady-manasrer for bakery, country. '. .$75 mo.
Stenographer and cashier $30 mo.
Saleslady, wholesale and. retail millinery. .$75
2 girls for candy store ...$8 week up
Experienced shlrtmaker $12 week
Lady to do plain cooking $25 mo.
Open Sunday,' 10 to 3 p. m.
EXPERIENCED SHIRT OPERATORS. AND
A LIMITED. NUMBER TO LEARN. STAND-
ARD FACTORY, COR. GOUGH AND GROVE
STREETS.
A — WANTED — Girls ' to learn halrdresstng.
manicuring, etc. ;. trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three .positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
WANTED— Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish In one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
medlately. Parlors 143 Stockton St., r. 1 J.
A — PACIFIC College teaches ' halrdreaslng.
manicuring, electric macsage. etc.; six hours'
practice - a day; guarantee positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 -Powell .st.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
R1ENCS NECESSARY; 'GOOD PAY;
STEADY. WORK. LEV!. STRAUSS A CO..
«% FREMOirr ST. APPLY TO 1LR.
DAV1B.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time and return to
us: no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned; materials free; inclose- self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No.
S12 Ninth st.. Philadelphia,- Pa.
A FEW ladies to assist making- new line dec-
orative fancy work: little 'taste, but no ex-
perience or talent, required; piecework to be
taken home; about 10c per hour at first;
steady. Call between 9 and 5. 806 Ellis Bt.
WANTED — An experienced girl, German pre-
ferred, to take care of . two children and as-
sist in second work; wages $25. 1480 Page
St.. near Masonic ave.; call .bet. 10 and 12.
AUTHORS partly unsuccessful hitherto want-
ed to submit manuscript for free criticism;
hours 11 to 2 and 3 to 4. Hamilton Literary
Bureau, 245 Bacon bldg., Oakland.
LADIES to introduce our practical, handy hat
fasteners; abolishes hatpins; "big- profits: send
25c for sample and . particulars. L. A.
PIETZ COMPANY. Walla Walla. Wash.
WANTED— Experienced young lady to manage
hair . dressing and manicuring parlor. Apply
auperlntendent's office. Pragera" Department
Store. Market and Jones sts.'.
GIRL or woman, general working housekeeper:
plain cooking; wash sent out; quiet and
economical; English ¦ preferred: pleasant
home; $12 month. 4166 Seventeenth st.
WANTED — Immediately, strong, elderly, relia-
ble woman for housekeeper in -country two
adults; good home/ Call. Sunday 12 to 3,
305 Larkin st., room 36. , . . .
WANTED— A young lady of refined and pleas-
ing manners and appearance to. demonstrate
a food product. Apply between 9 -a. m. and
2 p. m. at 454 Jackson at., city.
LADIES to do piecework at home; we furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope to Royal Co., 34 E. Monroe
St., Chicago.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for downstairs
work and cooking: email washing; good
wages. Call or .. address 647 Chetwood et..
Oakland.
LADIES to learn barber trade In 8 weeks; also
halrdresslng and manicuring in 4 weeks: cat-
alogue mailed free. . Moler • Barber College,
649 Sacramento st. .
LADIES to learn photo negative retouching;
taught by expert; positions, guaranteed at
$10 per week and up. f>31 Page st.
$30 THOUSAND copying -letters; no mailing to
friends or furnishing addresses. Gem Art
Co.. 7 - Dept. 202. Chicago.—-
LADIES having embroideries, - battenberg,
draivnwork to sell; also .to do order work.
Ad. Ladies' Exchange. 34 Monroe. Chicago.
WANTED— galesladles familiar with the gro-
'cery business. Apply Pragcrs Department
Store, Market and Joaea sts.
WANTED — A flrst-ciacs nurse for children;
good city references. Call at 1900 Pacific
ave. on Monday, bet. 9 and 12.
GIRL fcr general housework; sleep home. Ap-
ply bet. 10 a. m. and.l. p. m., S320 Twenty-
second st.. near Valencia. |
WANTED — Flrst-cla»s lady lroners; apply
Monday morning. SHEERIN*B Laundry. 760
McAllister at. .._....
A RELIABLE girl, cooking and general
housework; $25; - references. ' 511 Cole et
near Hairht. . •
WANTED — Apprentice girl; dressmaking. Ap-
ply between. 0 and 10 a. m., 1007 Bush st .
apartment 7.
YOUNG woman to assist - with housework-
good honte; $10. 237 Dolores, near ICth. '
GIRL, $20; small family. 2G Fifth avenue
nort~ of Lake st.
CASHIER wanted: knowledge of stenography
Greenberjr & . Grecnberg. . »1 Grant ave.
A YOUNG Jady to a«slst in dental office
Box S4f>8. Cair office.
WANTED — Young girl to assist In general
housework. 1617 Page>U = -
HEI.P WANTED— -PEMAXE — Con.
COOK, rlty, no washing *40
Cook for institution.... ?*<>
Cock for Pacific Grove $40
3 cooks, little washinc $30 and $".5
Man and wife, institution $f>*>
2 housework, American family $30
2 cooks for students..- -..$30 and $35
Nursa for orphanage .$20
Kitchen helper for institution.*. $-5
4 second glris. $20 and $25
Cook for Alameda $30
Laundress, plain work, institution $25
Office and telephone girl Good wages
Delicatessen cook, room out $7 week
Housework, San Rafael *25
3 nurseglrls $15-$20-$25
Cook for sawmill crew $35
And a large number of girls for housework.
city and country. $20-$25-$30
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
GIRL to learn typesetting: $3 at start; ad-
vanced to first position. 516 Commercial st.
WANTED— Girl to work in house; kind to
children. 1056 Union et. '
WANTED— Middle-aged woman as nurse for
country. Apply 725',i Turk st.',
STRONG woman to do washing and cleaning.
Call 511 Waller et.. near Stelner.
WOMAN to do washing and ironing one day
everj- week. Call before 12, 1 Scott st.
TO let— A comfortable room In exchange for
housework. Box 2827. Call office.
A WOMAN to waj>h Monday. 122 Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED restaurant waitress: open
houst; good pay. Box 29S1, Cajl offlce.-
REFINKD woman cook; middle-grown family;
country. Call after 10 at 1820 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS trimmers and makers wanted.
S. R. HALL, 10 Kearrfy st.
WANTED — For general housework, good girl.
Rood wages. 3a 1 ? Lee st.. Oakland.
GIRI^S. 14 to 16, factory. BEATTY, 17 Third
street. "
GIRLS wanted for factory work. Ill Clay
street. '
BAG operators wanted. Ill Clay et.
MILLINERY taught; $1 50 per month: class
begins Thursday afternoon. 749 Bush st.
ALTERATION hands wanted. E. MESSAGER,
145 Post St.. cloak and suit house.
AN . experienced felling hand on vests. JT16
Stockton st.. room 14.
WANTED — Young woman" who is an experi-
enced wrapper. Apply . between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS. .
WANTED — Experienced Jacket alteration hands.
Apply between 9' and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' ......
WANTED — For Monterey; first-class girl for
general housework; wages $30. Apply at 2442
. Union street, between Pierce and Scott,
Monday morning: carfare. •
WANTED — A German girl for second work:
wages $25; call after 3 p. m. dally. 517
Buena Vista ave.; take Halght st. car; get
oft at Central ave.
WANTED — Refined, middle-aged lady looking
for good home and small wages, to assist
w;th child and light housework. 90S Bryant
street.
WE are prepared to supply very profitable
permanent employment to several women;
$10 to $30 weekly - comfortably possible.
Kunhlon Komfort Shoe Co., 1233 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
LADY to travel; references: salary $21 per
week: expenses advanced. ZEIGLER & CO.,
323 Dearborn «st., Chicago.
LADIES— Earn $20 per 100 writing short let-
ters; stamped envelope, for particulars.
IDEAL MFG. CO.. Cassopolls, Mich.
REFINED woman for position of trust with
wholesale house; references required. Box
2443. Call office.
GERMAN middle-aged lady; housekeeper small
family: a home. NW. cor. Fifth and Towns -
end ots.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; $20.
Apply 267 Fourth ave., Richmond.
GIRLS wanted. NEWTON GUM CO., cor.
Second and Folsom sts. ¦
WANTED — Men and women operators who are
experienced on the Wilson * Glbbs and Sin-
ger- automatic machines. GOLDMAN HAT
A.ND CAP CO.. 21 and 23 Battery st.
OPERATORS wanted on waists and • und*r-
wear; steady work and good pay; also home-
workers on flannelette' wear. MARKS BROS.,
1220 Market st.
EXPERIENCED rewlng machine operators on
overalls, -coats and Jumpers; steady work.
LEVI STRAUPS A CO.. 32% Tremont st.
Apply to Mr. -Darls.
WANTED — Blight errand girl for dressmak-
ing establishment. J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and coat bands.
Apply to J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
' HE3T^ WAWTED— -MAIJ.
ATHORD & SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents 95 Third St.
laborer, city. $2 25.
2 carpenters, north, $3 50, house work.
Man to lay rock gutter, city. $2 50.
Dry cleaner, city, $12 to $15.
3 lumber pliers.
Grape pickers, Sonoma Co.. $1 and found.
. Nevada, teamsters. $2 50, fare $7 50.
Laborers, Solano Co... $2; year's work.
AMADOR COUNTY NEW RAILROAD
Teamsters, $2.
Laborers, ?2. v
Long Job. Good camp. . ,
AT INDEPENDENT OFFICE, -
Phone James 5576. 612 Merchant st.
2 carpenters for country, $3 50. !
Harness cleaner, stable, city. $60 to $75. .
Buggy washer, city, $65. • ...
Harness-maker, $3.
Boy to learn harness-making, 16 years old.
Boy to learn plumbing. $30 to start.
12 laborers, north, %l 75 day.
15 laborers, • south, $150 day and board.
ANDRE'S of floe. 317 Stockton st:— Butler and
wife as cook, $75; second butler, $40; cook.
plain hotel, country, $40; 2 dishwashers, $25
and $30; ' assistant waiter, $30; young man
for nursery, $12 a week; helper for delicacies
store, $5 a week; waiter, $10 a week; porter
for hospital. $20; nurse for hospital, $25; etc.
TWO BRIGHT BOYS ABOUT SEVENTEEN
YEARS OF AGE. STANDARD FACTORY,
GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
MEN to learn barber trad-; only eight weeks
required; only Institution teaching the ton-
sorlal art. Call or write for free catalogue.
Special offer. - Mohler Barber College, 649
Sacramento st.
WANTED — A first-class men's furnishing
goods salesman for our city retail. Apply,
with reference, EAGLESON & CO.. 635 Mar-
ket st., opp. Sansome.
SHOE repairer; steady Job; no' night work;
elderly man preferred. MAJOR REID, 273
Natcma st. ¦ ¦
PROMOTER wanted who , can handle large
industrial proposition of great merit. Ad-
dress box 2908. Call office.
PORTER and packer by. wholesale house; give
experience ¦ and salary, expected; local refer-
ences required. Box 2559, Call office. -
BRIGHT boy to run errands and I learn fur
trade; $4 a week to start. AD. KOCOUR,
121 Post st.
J. B. KENNEY. the bartender, please call this
morning. 9 o'clock. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
429 Bush st.
A FRENCH washer and starcher: see boos
here. 11 o'clock; $40 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st.
WANTED— Strong boy to learn a trade; good
wages to the right boy. Address box 1449,
. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— First-class tailor's salesman. Ap-
ply CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar-
. ket at. - - ..*
BRIGHT, clean cash boys wanted. Apply su-
perintendent's office, the Emporium.
BOY- wanted in drug: store. Corner Post and
Buchanan sts.
SALESMEN by Eastern manufacturer to call
on city trade. Apply 916 Market St., r. 23.
BOY with good recommendations wanted. 307
Sansome Ft., room 12.
WANTED— An experienced paper rultr. H. L.
ROLERMUNDT, 40S Sacramento st.
YOUNG -man; California Watchmaking School,
723 Market St.; paid; chance to learn trade.
BOY wanted— Stalls 1 and ¦ 3, Union Square
Market.
PANTS presscr and trimmer. Call Monday,
Royal PantP Co., 223 Kearny st.
APPRENTICE wanted in tailor shop. ¦ 105
Ellis st.,. room 11. .. * -
ACTIVE young man. fair talker.' lots of nerve;
answer Immediately.^ Box 2S43, Call office.
WANTED — Good- watchmaker. Box 2546,
Call of flee. -'. y ¦¦¦-»¦
HBL> WANTED— MAItE—Coptlansfl.
I TO-DAY— SUNDAY,
A— MURRAY &' READY, "634 and 636 Clay f st.
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment- and Labor Agents.
We speak . the German, French, Italian.
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave 1904 "We Hope to
60.0CO Men Work. Increase 60,000.
CARPENTERS. CABINET-MAKERS.
3 SHIP CARPENTERS. $4 DAY.
2 painters,- fare 15c, $2 to $3 day.
Painter, stage hand, $2 50 day.
Cutoff sawyer, city, $2 a day.
Matcher and sticker hand, $3 to $4 day.
Painter, city, plain Job. $2 50 day.
25 carpenters. Nevada' State, $3 60 day.
4 • carpenters, fare 10c. $3 day.
WHEELWRIGHT. NEVADA, $3 DAY. .
2 shinglers, 50c fare, $1 p«r M.
rt. woodworkers; < B bench hands.
14 cabinet-makers, factory work.
Matcher and sticker hand. ?3 50 day.
Carder, cotton machine, $2 25 day.
2 cutoff sawyers, country, $75.
.Table-makers, 3 brushmakers, band sawyers.
Gang trimmerman, fare $2 60, $50 found.
' ' LOOK.
Blacksmith, Government Job, i Nevada, $3 50
day. •
3 .PAINTERS $2 50 TO $3 DAY.
' * 6 PLUMBERS.' $4 50 DAY.
Your fare paid: non-union men.
12 PLASTERERS. $4 50 DAY.
6 IRON MOLDERS.
Well digger. $40 fd.: lever man. dredger, $75.
. MISCELLANEOUS POSITIONS.
Farmer and wife, fare *¦*>, $45 and found.
Laborer, city pickle factory. $10 week.
Gardener, private residence,, boss here, $30 fd.
' 3 boys for tlty stores, $4 week.
Helper, city wholesale hou*e. $40.
• DRAPERY SALESMAN.
STABLEMEN. -
16 stablemen, city and country, $75, $60, $40,
$30 and found. ¦
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
- . -BAKERS.
Good oyster man, "15c fare, $45.'
Confectioner, city, $20 week.
Sheep butchers. . sausage makers.
Slaushter-house butcher. $30 fd., fare $1.
Shop butcher.- 50c fare, $50 and found.
Slaughter-house butcher, fare paid, $30 fd.
Knife men, shop men, 'etc.
' COOKS.'
9 cooks, different jobs, $60. $50, $40, $30 fd.
(1; waiters, porters, bedmakers. $20 to $35 fd.
Slavonian steward, $50 and found.
Greek porter, country .saloon, $25 and found.
MURRAY &. READW; 634 and 636 Clay art.
JERKLINE teamster. ' $2 25, $2 BO day.
NEW JOBS.
25 trackmen, $67 50 to $75.
12i'laborers. lumber company. $60.
BOYS— BOYS— BOYS.
25 boys for -factory. $30 and found.
, - - 65 WOODCHOPPERS.
GANG CHARCOAL .BURNERS— 18c SACK.
. - FARM HANDS.
25 farm hands, $30, $20 and- found.
15 choremen and boys, ranches. $15 to $30 fd.
., MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
25 SHIP-CARPENTERS. $3 50 DAY.
M2 rough carpenters 10c fare, $3 day.
BOILERMAKER, $3 60.
Carriage painter, 30c fare. $3 day.
2-camp blacksmiths,' $65 and found.
20 laborers, 30c fare. $1 75 day.
SPECIAL.
12 boys or young men, sash and door factory,
$1 to $1 50 day.
Boy, city grocery store: saloon porter. $25 fd.
Second cook, mine, B. H., $35 and found.
5 sheet) butchers, $80.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
NEVADA STATE.
NEVADA. NEVADA.
55 teamsters and laborers, $75.
$1 FEE— THAT S ALL.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
6PECIAL.
Man and wife, country hotel, man as bar-
tender. -wife as waitress,- see boss here, $45
and found.
2" foremen.' Government- work, new, $65 and
found. • • - -
Blacksmith, Government work, new, $65 and
found.
CARPENTERS,
10 carpenters, plain house work, country,
far* $1 40. long Job. $00.
Sailor, dredger, $45 fd; young man for
commission 'house, $6 week.
SHIPPING/ CLERK.
City Job, steady. $12 week.
Married teamster, good Job, $72 month.
3 carpenters, city Job. $3 day.
TO-DAY— SUNDAY, 8 to 12.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AA— EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.
H4-65 Chronicle Bldg. James 2621.
Dentist," practical man $80 start
Druggist, not registered $75
Silk salesman, city $75
Flrst-clafts stationery man. ...... ..$15 week
Al candymaker $20 week
Young man, fruit salesman $12 week
Stenographer, city. .$50 month
Traveling man $25 week up
Driver, city store. .'. .' $12 week
Young man to become shipper; good salary.
Candymaker. Al $22 50 week
2 cabinetmakers best wages
Younjr man, teas and. coffees .(75 month
2 exDert leather burners $25 week
A ' propagator, country $50 and found
Boy. errands, fine store $6 week
2 young men, salesmen, salary.
Open to-day from 10 to 3 p. m..
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
C42 Commercial st.. Phone Bush 833.
To-day, Sunday, 12 to 1 p. m. '
Cook, country hotel, near city...'. $RO
Calker and carpenter, small shipyard. $70
found; calker, company work; 5 plow team-
sters, $30 found : .'» woodchopp'ers.
PANTSMAKER for country; $3 up. Detmer
Woolen Co.. 84 Third st.
WANTED — 3 good carpenters at Powell and
Market sts. Call Monday.
WANTED — A Jeweler to make Jewelrv from
designs as a side line. Box 7782. Call office.
ACTIVE young men. over 18, to call on local
trade; good pay. TOGGER. 36 Geary, r. 45.
FIRST-CLASS preg«r. Apply BROWN BROS.
&¦ CO., 616 Market at.
MAN to learn the barber trade. We pay you
• while learning. 251 Mission st.
BOY to assist on small ranch; good taonw.
Apply 6495 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
STRONG boy, not under 16 years. Apply
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Market.
STRONG boy for plumber's helper. Inquire
47 'Henry it.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply. bet. 9 and 11 a. m., at HALE BROS'.
DENTIST wanted: experienced and licensed.
Box 1430, Call office, Oakland.
BARBER school; the cheapest and best In-
struction' and 'shortest time to learn the
barber trade In the world. 647 Commercial st.
DETECTIVES: representative wanted in every
locality; good pay to-right party. U. S. Mer-
cantile -Detective Bureau, P. O. box 20S3.
A SPLENDID opening/for business man with
little capital; Income guaranteed $1200 per
annum. Box 2781, Call office.'
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings, $9 50 week : send addressed envelope
for particulars. Manager Dept. S 12, box
.1411, Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— First-class delicatessen man. Ap-
ply Superintendent's office. PRAGERS DE-
PARTMENT STORE. Market and Jones sts.
WANTED— First-class liquor salesman. Apply
Superintendent's office. PRAGERS DEPART-
MENT STORE. Market and Jones sts.
WANTED— Boys with some knowledge of the
Krocery business. Apply PRAGERS DE-
PARTMENT STORE. Market and Jones sts.
AVANTED— Salesmen for tea and coffee de-
partment. Apply PRAGERS DEPART-
MENT STORE. Market and Jones sts.
BOY- to work In offlce-of wholesale and retail
store. Address. ¦ stating age and if living
with parents. Box 2495, Call office,
WANTED — Experienced man- to manage cafe.
. Apply superintendent's office. Pragers' De-
partment Store. Market" and Jones sts.
WANTED— Bright, intelligent office .boy for
large .wholesale house; state age and g-i\o
references. ¦ Box 2487.- Call office.
JOB. printer, sober, manage country office:
permanent; can learn linotype; state wages.
Address 'box 2489, Call" office.
GOOD, strong boy; $1 per day. Box depart-
ment., Mutual L. and ~L/<Co.,— Second and
Bryant sts., Bryant-st. entrance.
FIRST-CLASS "Jewelry*- engraver; permanent
position;- state- references - and salary. Box
'2463. Call office. . ¦
BOY wanted. 3144 Twenty-second street.
WANTED— Jewelers at 17 Lick place. Lick
House: - ¦¦¦¦¦¦:¦ .._.-¦< . ¦
UNEMPLOYED men? will- find discourteous
treatment at 64, . Chronicle building.
DETECTIVES everywhere; no 1 experience: - $3
per day. U.- S.- Detective Agency, Milwaukee.
FOR ssl« — Two-chair- barber shop; price $65;
rent $10 per month. ' 1000 Powell st., cor-
ner Clay.' ...--.,;>-.>.-.¦- >
A ; MAN' of -indomitable-energy : and , push, a
.good talker.' earerto -make money. 'V. PER-
SON..-477 and 478.: Parrott building. -. .
FOR sale— Barber, shop: 2 chairs; clearing $35
to $40 a week; In good town, population 2300.
"Address box 2482, Call office. •
DCAWTUP— m'»".t — rv™«iwTi** v ,
AT THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD
.,> ¦ COMPANY. '
Bookkeeper, competent to manage. $100.
Bookkeeper who can also clerk, hardware,
$65.
" Bookkeeper and stenographer, English meth-
ods, Slot).
Experienced gas adjuster, $75. . •
Upholsterer, gocd wages.
Jewelry salesman, salary and commission.
Salesman, Blue Ledge gold mining stock.
Tent and awning finisher, good wages.
Two young men, cigar making, $25; deposit
required.
Salesman, suit cases, $50.
Single hand miners. Nevada, $3 day; steady.
Bushelman, gocd wages.
Salesman, butter, eggs, etc., city, $100.
- Wlniiow trimmer and card writer, $20 to $oO.
Husky man, labor, $2 day.
Young: men, glove salesmen. $6.
Manager fancy goods dept., dry goods. $100.
Placer miners, Alaska (100 In party). $30 day
earned.
Grocery clerk, country, $30 and found; must
go to.day.
Boy, law office; can study: $4 start.
3 errand boys, wholesale house, $5.
. Boy, electrical .works. $5.
Boy, clothing, $4.
2 boys, iron works office, $4.
Boy, book store, $5.
Boys who really want wcrk wanted daily:,
$4 to $6. .
Office open Sunday 0 a. ra. till 3 p. m.
509 Hearst Bldg.
A POSTOFFICE examination will be held In
San Francisco Nov. 16 to secure clerks and
carriers; we prepare a large share of those
appointed in all leading cities; information
aoout all c'vil service, examinations & ques-
- tions recently used by Government free. Co-
lumbian Correspondence College. Washington.
CLERKS and carriers for the Postofflce ser-
vice- examination soon in San Francisco;
circular J-l. giving full particulars about
examinations, salaries, sample questions,
etc.. sent free. National Corres. Institute.
¦Washington. D. C. or Pacific Ccast office,
927 Market St.. San Franciscb, Cal.
WE are prepared to supply very profitable per-
manent employment to several men; $10 to
$.10 weekly comfortably possible. Kushlon
Komfort Shoe Co., 1233 Broadway, Oakland.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.v room 7, for free Information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc; day
or evenings.
WANTED everywhere— Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples; no canvassing;
good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
BARBER shop for sale; must sell this week;
a good place for right party. 229 Fourth st.
WANTED — Man or lady as manager of branch
business: ?150 to $200 per month: If ypu
mean business call at the Earl, 19 Powell
St.. room 4, after 5 p. m. ; must have $100.
L. A. NOVELTY tCO. _^
TWO submanagers: also solicitors; Pacific Mu-
tual Life, 508 Montgomery St.; call morn-
ings at rooms 31-32, 7th floor; references re-
quired.
SCHOOLBOY to carry morning paper: south
of Market, east of Fourth: also one to carry
north of Market, east of Powell; no Sunday
work. Apply 1325 Mission st.
YOUNG or middle-aged man of good habits
having $25 cash can learri paying trade;
steady work; good wages while learning.
Call 212 First st.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
BARGAIN — 2-chair shop: revolving chairs;
good business; first-class every respect; $100;
selling account departure. Box 1566, Call.
I WILL teach you all about life insurance
and how to sell It. Write for terms and ap-
pointment. Box 2360, Call office. -
MESSENGER boy for office, about 14. Apply
room . 4, 320 California st.
WANTED— Solicitors for good side line. Box
2451, Call office.
AN elderly man to help tend grocery and bar.
Address 1354 Fifteenth st.. Oakland.
ALL classes of machinists furnished on short
notice by Machinists' Union 1159 Mission
st. Phone Mint 2406; office hours 8 a. m.
to 5 p. m. >
CASH boys: age 10 to 16; must show letters
from teachers. Call at 4 p. m., SHREVE &
CO., Crocker building.
YOUNG man with experience for fancy goods
store: one from the country preferred. Box
2440. Call.
LIFE positions at good salaries in Government
service and how to secure them. For full
particulars apply Pacific Correspondence In-
stitute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st.. S. F.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD
fe SMITH. 95 Third St.. S. F.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns and write short articles for publica-
tion; $80 per month and expenses; references
required. Box 236S, Call office.
. WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Assistant bookkeeper for whole-
sale house; state experience and references.
Box 2434. this office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 5U3 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third St., Examiner building.
WANTED by wholesale house, bright boy for
sample room; state age and references In
cwu handwriting. Box 1785. Call office.
TRY uur men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam: bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
S. F. BARBER College will take next 6 scholars
free. Call for particulars at 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parta of.
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mi n., 73c.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy..r.415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson St.
PENSION Atty..' E.A.Bullis.r.40.Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
ADVERTISE M ENTS. subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite * Fifth. .
Open until 11 p. m.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
- ket — 700 rooms: 35c night; reading rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL *lxec men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. C63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SALESMEN WANTED.
MEN now covering small territory regularly to
carry slde_ line of high-grado union made
overalls arid duck coats; no attention given
to letters that do not state line now carried
and who for. territory covered and how fre-
quently, with full particulars and references;
liberal commission to desirable men. Box
130. Burlington. Vt.
SALESMEN make 500 per cent commission
selling "Novelty Sign Cards" : merchants buy
10 to 10O on sight: 800 varieties; catalogue
free. SULLIVAN CO.. 1139 Maplewood ave.,
Chicago, 111.,
WANTE1> — Salesman for prominent Eastern
line, waists and shirt-waist suits, on com-
mission; territory: coast south of Portland:
must havr exceptional references and clean
record. Address box 2590. Call office.
ACTTVE traveling salesmen; good men are now
earning S3G0O annually in commissions; best
kids lint offered. D. T. Weir White Lead
Co., St. Louts, Mo. :-,) ;.-,;. ..TV..
TRAVELING salesman for California by large
wholesale house; good paying, permanent po-
sition to right man; references required.
Draper S, Chicago.
ONE traveling salesman for each State; no
. experience; permanent: good pay: liberal ex-
penaes. E. M. ARTHUR CO.. Detroit. Mich.
~ SOLICITORS WANTED.
HOUSE to house canvassers — Something new:
salary and commission to right parties. Box
2841, Call office.
YOU can make *10 a day legitimately if you
have any ability at all. Room 409, Grant bid.
HOUSES TO I.ET — FUBKI8HEP.
HOWARD. 2130. nr. 18th — 8 rooms nicely fur-
. nlshed; rent $."><). 1 to 4 n. m.
HOUSES rUBljTISHED— PQB SAEE.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 525— Furniture of 11
housekeeping rooms, full steady roomers
cheap, as owner Is leaving city.
NICELY furnished house of 12 rooms 233
-Third st. -
HOUSES WAWTEP. °~
WANTED— Strictly first-class house In the
; Western Addition, furnished or unfurnished
.;.. for. six. months or year; about 12 rooms-
careful and resDonslble tenant. Box 2S2O
-Call -office. ' < '
WANTED — A house or cottage of 6 rooms and
. bath, large yard and barn, for family of
adults; rent not to exceed $20, including
water: lease for. term: of years. Box 2788
" ' Call office.
HOUSES TOJ^ST. j
A^PRINTED^st *hou»eTto let: send for clr-
cularl G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
ELEGANT modern house, 11 rooms and bath:
unobstructed marine view; should rent for
$100 per month; will take c° nslde 7 ab J?; vI ! e !o
from good responsible party: must be seen to
be appreciated. 1316 Green St.. near Polk, or
V. B. SURRYHNE. 138 Montgomery st.
ELLIS. 1458. near Buchanan— House of 6 rooms
and bath: rent $27 50. VON RHEIN REAL
ESTATE Co.. 613 California tt.
LEAVENWORTH. 1409. near Washington—
Largt; bouse, 20 rooms and 12 batha; fine lo-
cation /for sanita^1urn^i^ntveryj|eason4ble^
$27 5O— PANHANDLE, 1181 Oak; 8 rooms;
salon parlors, basement, yard. Inquire at
11S3 Oak- st. - - *
BROADWAY.- 1N32. near Laguna — 8 rooms,
bath; marine view; rent $42 50.
NICE sunny house, 5 rooms, bath. 20 Metcalfe
place, off Geary St., bet. Mason and Taylor.
OAK. 837. near Stelner— Desirable house. 8
rooms and bath: rent reasonable. •
TO let— Dry basement for storage. 817 Vi
Golden Gate ave. -
HOUSES WA1TTEP — yUttNIflHJBP .
WANTED — A furnished house of about 7 or 8
rooms within half hour from ferry; rent not
over $1)0. Box 25S0. Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE to let; 4 rooms; modern Improve-
ments. 1548 Seventeenth ave.. South San
Francisco.
I
[ HOKSSS AITP WAOOBra.
i A STANDARD brad horse for sale: 17 hands
high;. 8 years old; will weigh 1350 lbs.; or
will exchange for a good draft horse: also
a fin* pony for sale: single-footer; will ride
or drive; saddle and bridle. 1521 Railroad
ave., Alameda.
FOR sale — A first-class pony trap and harness
I In good order; pony drives single, double,
tandam, saddle; safe for children. Call at
2410 California St.. city.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
CARLOAD gentle work and driving horses.
Western Horse Market. 220 Valencia st. E.
STEWART, formerly of 721 Howard st.
HANDSOME Shetland, with new buggy and
harness: sell or trade for road horse. 2728
Bryant st. -~
THREE second-hand top wagons, business
buggies and delivery wagons of all kinds.
1504-1506 Folsom st.
FINE rubber tire Victoria; the latest thing;
for sale cheap. 1503 Folsom st.
I FOR sale — Horse, harness, express wagon. In
B00J condition, cheap. 1460 22d ave. South.
FOR ?ale — Carts, buggies, wagons, from $6
up at 40(5 Kleventh. st.
FOR SALE — A gentleman's seal brown road
mare; a beauty. Owner. 1B4 Golden Gate av.
BAY horse for sale; weight 1300; height 16
hands; sound and willing. Box 1562. Call.
WANTED — A business buggy. Box 1385, Call
office.
FIRST-CLASS horse; fine new top wagon;
suitable bakery, - laundry. 847 Mission st.
THREE horses for sale cheap; work single or
double. 564 Bryant st.
ADDERLEY'S vehicle washing sponges; $3 50,
$2 75. $1 lb.. also chamois. 307 Market st.
A LIGHT express wagon in fine condition.
F. FITTOCK. Park st. bridge. Oakland.
WANTED — Large work horses: suitable for
piano wagons. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st.
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. lttSO Mission st.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 827 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, bar-
ness, work and driving horses. 19th- Valencia.
INVESTMENTS.
Which is better, to leave your money in the
bank and receive 3«4 per cent on the same,
or to purchase a $1600 Realty Syndicate 6
per cent, paying $24 every three months, for
$1500. paying on your outlay over 6 1-5 per
cent?
Or If you prefer, some Oakland Crematory
stock at $25 per share, paying now 7 per cent
with every prospect of increase. Four divi-
dends having been paid of 30c per share- al-
ready this year, and another of same amount
payable on the 12th of this month. These in-
vestments are available if applied for imme-
diately to W. E. BARNARD. 4,76 Tenth St.,
Oakland.
nrvAiap o»Ar»8. -
BOLD rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eapies tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.;tel. Park 77».
I.OBT AMT> rOUNP.
PARTY who took hand bag containing buck-
skin bag. with $135 in gold and small change,
from telephone booth at Ferry building- on
Tuesday p. m.. please return to 1152 Sixty-
first St., Oakland; liberal yward.
LOST— In Oakland, between Brush and Six-
teenth st. depot, small open face silver watch
attached to blue and gold beaded fob. con-
taining initials U. C. Return to 763 Twen-
tieth st.. Oakland: reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of HARRY N. HUNT. No. 283-
2£7; the finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Vicinity St. Francis Hotel, black purse,
containing some silver and tickets for
Women of Woodcraft; reward. 1163 Mis-
sion. st.. near Eighth.
GOLD breastpin: 2 green leaves and 3 pearls in
design; liberal reward. 405 Hyde st.
LOST — Photo button of lady: frame set with
red and white stones. Return £94 O*Farret st.
LOST— A gold seal ring. Finder please return
222 Market st.; reward.
LOST — Purse' with money and insurance paper
at the Orpheum or going to Bush st. Please,
return to 530 Bush st. ; ¦ reward.
LOST — Bull bitch; name Fannie: collar; li-
cense No. 4004. Return to 229 Sixth st. ;
reward.' : ;
LOST— A black Newfoundland pup with tae
4086. Finder will please return to 1621 Do-
lores st.. between 6 and 7 p. m. ; reward.
LOST — A bunch of keys, about 14. on a wire,
ring, on Monday. Return to 766 Bush st.
and receive reward.
LIKE FINDING MONET.
Selling your old gold and silver to th* Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter at. -
I^UNCHES FOB HIM.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaelis Launch Co., Union-st. Wharf ; boat-
Ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ;tel John 26S6.
MATBHS02TIA&. ~~
A GENTLEMAN (mine-owner) bachelor, 41
• years- old. honest and- respectable would
like to meet a lady, middle-aged; object
n.atrimony. Box 1551. Call office.
WIDOW. 37- years old. with means, desires to
correspond with a gentleman of honorable
and_ good - habtts ; object matrimony. Box
1277, Call office.' ' ' •
PROTESTANT lady. 35, good health snd ap-
pearance, educated, wishes to correspond
with, a gentleman; object matrimony Box
1349. Call office.
HONORABLE gent, desiring wealthy marriage
! JH-Harrls, B 122. Garfleld Park. Chicago.!!)!
YOUNG man (stranger), kind and loving
wishes to meet a lady of an amiable dl»po-
sttlon; object matrimony. Box 1399. Call.
MARRIAGE paper: 20 pages; 10c: 500 descrlp-
tlona; many wealthy. R. L. LOVE. Denver.
GENTLEMAN with property and a nice home
desires a wife.- -Box 1006.- Call office.
MATTBESSES AOT) FTXXOWH.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. : phone South 218.
inafss ajtp jMnrrwo. _ _ _*•_ " • '"
WANTED— Party with $3500 to make payment
and equip gravel mine opened up to begin
work; wjll pay over $150 per day. Box 1567
Call office.
THE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
OPMENT CO.. room 13. 330 Pine st., will in-
corporate and finance propositions of merit;
buys, sells, develops and operates mines.
FOR SALE— Large ledge low grad? gold; ore
mill on property, will take percentages . of
grop3 proceeds for pay. Box 2581; Call office.
$5O00 — CHANCE of life in mining; pay from
start. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy st.
AT 'a sacrifice. - El Dorado mining shares : ac-
tive stock. \B. TOGGER, 36 Geary st.. r. 45.
RICH discovery, placer ground. $5 yard; part-
ner wanted. HALL. 804 Taylor st.
tuiaj i.\*n~u.
LADIES desirin* safe, sure an.i quick relief
from Irregularities consult me: my methods
are oalnless and reliable; no failurrs; no ex-
orbitant f?e3.
All ;iatierts" names are sacredly c->nn.lpn-
tial bat I have hundreds of letter* like this
from a gratified patient of Auburn: "I want
to thank yea meat sincerely. Relief lame in
the way you stated. Am happy again. N >
further |>ain."
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE;
17 years' experience in all female disorders
call or write. DR. WHITE. 7CU Market St.,
rooms 7 and S.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick re!l»f
fiom Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex
orbltant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience in all fe.
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8. _^
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide in ra*.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities: Instant relief
guaranteed ; 30 years' experience. S2t> Post St.
MRS DR. KOHL reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
Uef guaranteed. lOOS 1^ Market st.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $3. By express only
on receipt of :>rice. OSOOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland. ,.^.,~-
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' specialist, now
I visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to Saa
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st.
DR. G. VT. O'DONXELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this apeciallst on female
complaint*: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
PRAE — Dr. Robertson's remedy; a protection
against irregularities; absolute safety guar-
anteed: $1 box. The Robertson Co.. 81 S
Grant bldg.. Market and 7th sta. S. F.. Cal.
DR and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market.
MRS. DR. GWTER. 511A Leavenworth st-. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe. sur*. never falls:
$2. Gleason-Ruggle* Drug Co.. Kearny tt Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2095 Folsom st., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCEU^AarEOTTS — POB SJLXJi.
6-HP. GENERAL electric motor; 220 v.;
speed 170O rev.; complete $loo
O-hp. Westlnghouse motor; 220 v. ; speed
1500 rev.; complete 100
600-llght Multipolar dynamo, with rheo-
stat; lit* volts; Al 273
4Co-light Electrical Eng. Co.'s dynamo;
110 volts; fair 150
3o-llKht Westinghouse dynamo, with
rheostat, switch, etc.; Al AS
And a few others; guaranteed i>erfect.
H. S. WHITE Machinery Co.. all over Deals
, St.. S. F.
ENGINES of following sizes on hand; perfect
running order or no sale:
9x11 Ball automatic (daisy) $225
11x16 Atlas automatic; perfect 30O
14x20 Meyers cutoff; horizontal 33O
Ittxl4 Chandler-Taylor 200
»xl2Nag!e I5o
8x12 Atlas I5i>
7x10 Atlas mo
8x10 Local oo
8x16 local make; good 1^5
Sxltf local make; bad Mt
9x12 link motion; good 15<>
Double 5x5: link motion (new) 2Z»*
5x5 ?«in5le ivert'.cal> ,V»
11x14 Meyers cutoff: Al 223
6-hp. marine compound j*>
1-hp. Shlpman; rig "pink" lo
Others too numerous to mention; boilers to
match above.
H. S. WHITE Machinery Co., all over Beals
St.. S. F.
ONE hundred and fifty boilers to select from;
any size and all prices; marine boilers, hori-
zontal boilers, vertical boilers. economic
boilers, water tube boilers, fire box boilers,
tested to I»i5-lb. hydrostatic pressure; 2U-
hand but A. 1. H. 8. WHITE Machinery
Co.. all over Bcale st.. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS.
40-gal copper steam Jacketed kettle. .$ A 0O
15-gal. copper steam jacketed kettle.. 17 5«»
20-gal. copper steam Jacketed kettle.. 2O »K>
1 copper cylinder for drying Sa «o
1 lot laundry machinery; Al; cheap.
Gasoline engine; «-hp; Al 15© oo
Gasoline engine; 2'i-hp.: Al 80 00
«i wire cable; per ft oi
Hand winches, good as new; will
hoist to 2 tons «5 (K)
Band saw j^ IM>
New 3-in. leather belting, per ft i;j
We buy, sell. rent, appraise, approve, con-
demn, repair, store, loan money, inspect
machinery; "that's our business"; how we
do it la none of your business. "Money in
advance if you want it.' my dear mother-
in-law.
H. S. WHITE Machinery Co., all over Beale
St.. S. F.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; *e« Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHT. CO.. 130-132 BaTlTtt.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH * WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite. in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good ovsr old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFINQ CO.. 713 Market st.
AN elegant assortment ©f diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
BLANKETS, sheets, pillow slips; 100 pairs of
each, all new, at half price; splendid chanc*
for lodging-house or hotel. Inquire roorr 2C0.
Mulrhead bldg.. Market and Larkin sts.
WE told it would rain: it has; your roof
leaks; buy our paint and stop it: best artlcla
made. Burnett Paint Co.. 3O6 Parrott bldg.
AA— 19 varieties thoroughbred young roosters
and pigeons. Inglesid* Poultry Yards. 907 Mt.
Vernon ave.; Ocean View car to steel bridge.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, puller*.
etc WHITELAW. 2S3-255 BpWrt.
A— THE (P. J. Co.> California Tlrsln gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 23 Stockton st.
VICTOR phonograph. 65 disc records and r*o-
ord case; total value $75; will sell out£t for
$35. Apply 1629 Turk st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' fall dr»«*.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 00 pair:
foot- form shoes at $2 60; w» pay express
charges. 11 3d it.. Exam, bid.; catalog frea.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. upstairs.
12.000 DOZ. Petaluma eggs at 3Sc dos; 3 dos.
for Jl. C. S. JURGES & CO.. 631 Wash-
ington st.
PHYSICIANS' surgical instruments; Aillsoa
operatlnr table; instrument cabinet. Box
2556. Call office.
TWO 4-hp. compound steam engines; two
15-hp. gasoline engines: new; cheap: for
autos or launches. 2120 Eagle, ave.. Alameda.
THOROUGHBRED Cocker spaniel pups; Gor-
don setter dog. 1202 Haskell st., corner San
Pab'o ave.. Berkeley.
1 4-BECTION Jubilee brooder: 1 10-rod roll
6-ft. -wire fencing-; cheap. 1230 College ave..
AIame,da.
500 PIGEONS for sale: homers, carriers and
44 runts. Apply 1115 Broadway. Oakland.
W. CLAUSEN.
TICKET to St. Louis. $20; male, medium
height, medium dark. Box 1432, Call office.
Oakland.
$1S — SINGER sewing machine: cost $65; going
away; call at once. 233 Powell st.
OIL lower: 1 to 5O bbls.; oure linseed. 44c and
46c. G. EC, SIMMON3. 44O 38th st.. Oakland.
FOR sale — Motor cycle; good running order
bargain. 178 Noe st., aaar Fifteenth.
30-FOOT sloop fcr sale. Box' 2858. Call office.
LADY'S ticket to Chicago, also lady's ticket
to Buffalo. N. Y. Box 2779. Call office.
GOOD family cbw. giving 3 4 gallons milk
daily, for sale: cheap. 4038 26th st.
BICYCLE. Columbia: nearly new; coastsr: up
to date: $25. 131 Buchanan st.
GASOLINE marine engine: 4 horsepower; mod-
ern make; complete. SKM Howard st.
YOUNG, fresh. Jersey and Durham cow: rich
.milk: gentle; Hell cr trade. 1KH San Bruno.
SIXTEEN-GAl'GE shotgun for sale cheap.
£214 Hyde st.
$3 — SINGER sewing machine for sale; In good
wcrkip_- order. 60S Ellis st.
ELASTIC stockings. $2. Factory. 107 O'Far-
rell. removed from 40 Ellla. J^ w. Hopewell.
FANCY creamery butter, large squares. 4<*.
At Imperial Cash Store. 531 Washington st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1904.
45
HTXSCSI.I.A1SXOTJS — fOB SALE — Con.
P.OCKINC, HORSES GAXJbOPnsa HOKSES
FOE SALE FOIl HALE.
V)i-to-da?p OhriftTnae . Pypfen;.
Manufacturr'l on Prrmi.'rr
SC« wnrth'.rs* toy— bunt fur durability, pleas-
ore nni comfort at oHldr^n
rticT very rf a^orreWe— will b» i-<Md to ehll-
apeo en wr.-kly installment* if desiv-d. Call
«t1 im Mttrstp f.^r pouwdm.
E. G. I.JNP. <¦?.'• Harrison F t.. near- Third.
COW-S- COWfi rCOWS!
•'¦" Creel) cxnra and s)irinR«-rs just from the
¦ < •<:nirj"; you can buy one rr all at y<iur own
> : this lot of cows nvast positively l*«
¦¦¦ • ' by Tuesday.-
Uca'l misa ti-is rale..
PAM HFTEBGDT.-
Corner . J.I iss-icit st. and Silver ave.
A FJkA.P— 4t;-ft. <al in iauncli; moet -seaworthy
•a i>a> ; must m-H: cbeajx C. HACK. KwKJ
! <dore* st.
B. .*".- n. bflltard tafcle: no pockets. »>a!TK ouei.
pA*! Iwvard. pins. £12.". Wir. Washington Ft.
l.XT.CK sxrr.ir.Fter rue. "122 Gush s-t.
! ITA\ K a Wells r a! - j*ck; patrhine machine;
">\ .¦. 'A'. !..']-<• p.m.; <*p«=a|>. brown. 503 Lai kin.
HANDSOME Ujoroagobred J< r**>y row. will
«a!f !- -.. .- pet; |33. 1400 Floria* «t
FHOE cobbler's outfit: machine, etc. 44 Ship-
;>i stn e*.
i-'f^niNO \->.f<n. in pood condition : $20. 2ouc
Twrnt-y-fiM-rTh ft. ¦ •
STA.VPAUP poww' fwirg ma"hlr"5 for *a!e
' f-h-Hr- H. KLAP. lir.7 Folfcm tt '
ROTARY W»fhln* machine for rale or ex-
Chjtnre. V \ *s?». <"all office.
rETAU'MA rgzt: guaranteed; 35c dnren- Tt
Ml \V«*h!r;j.-tpn St.
BAPEfi and <i<-KkV prices right, at Richardson
Brc*.. 123-125 N«>w Wontppmery. nr. MiFRion.
FOOT lathe, band yaw. circular env.\ 1721
Mifficn st.
Firf«rocd cut to lengths. $2 delivered E C
ritrh"r&: CtL. ?th & Hooper;' fl.' Eonth 375!
ttralliwper. o»-ic: paint, fl pal.; painting, whit-
•eniag. Meticaa. 13QZ Webster; tel.Eteiner n(371.
JD-HAND bldg. matfrtal: !uml>err doorTsaleir
plurr.b. Tr.aterial. The Dclan Co., 3607 Mrkt.
FOR r,a!e — Genuine water Fpaniel- young dors
CHAf. OOLKMAN. 42ti Nat?ma et.. top floor.
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunkf ; for tale <-hear at —"^ Stockton St.
AN «>]etam Fealskin' foi. sale for 575 SF-
Cl'RITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring $50; terms $5 per
arnth. P. V. GAR1N. ins Montgomery «t.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest pricee Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
FINE diamond sunburst ; 7 large stones; a
bargain: fSM). 10 Sixth et.
ROOMS par*r.d; J4 up! tlntln*. painting.
Hartmann raint Co.. 319 Third; tel.Maln 413.
I-EFKS bought. *>:<J and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 607 Mission et. : tel. South 811.
FOP. sale— First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O-DONNELL. KCl^ Market et.
FAFES ana ranh re(rister«. new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.
MOVING pictures, majrie lar.terae.ea.le rental-
bargaLlnii. Buliard & Brerk. 131 Po«t st.
£OME good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 tn 12
h- p.. cheap. £. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
CATER— New and second-hand. THE HER-
y.MA3CN FAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE eriE-lne*. automobiles and launches;
ail Kzpf. J. E. DQAK. 4« Fremont »t.
MISCELLAITEOXTS WA2TTS.
I'lAMCXP? and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO. room 4u5. Ad-
ams Udi,-., 2UG Kekrny et. ; phene Black 3036.
>VANTKD — A pood wond-hand typewriter
(O!l»«r ;ir»-:orrf-<it for spot oa-«h. Address C.
VI5. ircti Moonuln. Bhasta Co.. Cal.
PIR." r d'e'.jv^riPd tr<~* at any r"int within one?
f 'j-.i'ti and Fillmore *ts. SCOTT
GRIFFiy, 4<W3 Kxar.iinfr J.ldg.
UICfiCST rricef for ladles'. gents' cattoff cloth-
•¦i-6-Ptc. Tel. Davis 825; f.50 Sacramento st.
AAA— BUY any am't good 2d-hand ladies' ani
n^n's rirthlng. 922 Xolsotn. tel. Folsom B822.
itEFRXGJSBATOB wanted— .-tate price siz«
!<>n. CAKIJi'LL. l.V.«; H.-wa'rd fl.
I'ING-PON'j table; t-tsno tovest price and
6 t-ecn. Box 2.M7. Call office.
WANTED— A foci piano teacher: no other
nef-d answer. Uox i£4S Call office.
WXSfTED— To :'.t:T. u Iieniinctpn typtwriter;
«. r 7. };-x .OUI offl<>i.,
!;)cT(.'LE— t»w frame; in «ood order. Ad-
drfti- hy mail 17^1 Sacramento Ft.
CAFH yr-ur ryru;i tickets at WREDEX'S
i-;i Laikin *t. . .
WANTED — Tea parden coupcr.s at Wreden's,
•31 Lark'.r. *t.
HIGHEST prices paid; rents' ca.-toff clothing
ana shoee. Tel. Red 15*4. «s:5 VCashincton Bt.
TJLTGN wants good fc<?cond-ha.nd clothing ant
thf-atripal eorA*. 154 9th tt. ; tel. Jesfie 2831.
MOJTEY TO LOAK. _^
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY "(Inc.) —
ANY AMOL'KT TO LOAN ..-.
LNTKRUST SH and 6 ptr cent
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
...; PROPERTY
Ff-cond morurspe?, lite Insurance policies,
ectatfe* in probate, undivided inttreets in
: r i.erty, probate rtalty loans, stocks and
txmd*. legaclf-s anJ undivided Interests in
1 roi>erty purchaeed.
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
fuite 107-10S Crocker b!dg. : phone Main 5324.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, ~
6O1-&.-2-B03 Examiner building.
Qui-k s<?U!<*inents ; no dltappolntmenU.
Save ejcr>entes by dealing directly.
Kstate. eecond mortgagee, undivided inter-
ects, ...¦:¦.:•> of rer.ts, property in trust,
<?tc. ; legacies, life estates ar.d undivided in-
tererts In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
¦When You Ne*>d Money,
Pf^e HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN "
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rat»- of ¦ interest.
Give full particulars
of rroperty or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490, Call office.
FALARY LOANS—
Money Jcantd talaried p»ople without secur-
ity cr ir.-lor»emer.t, know ledge of employer or
any <jne; confidential and courteous treatment;
cs,:i ar.<i eel terms. Drake, 4."3 Parrott bldg|
A— rCN f jrnlture or pianoc at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also en real estate:
1st cr 2d mortgages or on any ppcurity; any
•fcrcouru. O. W. BESCKEB. 38 Geary, room 3<$.
HIGHLY reypectiible private place to obtain
. liberal advances en diamonds, jewr-lry, at 2
\pf-r cent ir.tf-rcst. Baldwin Jewelry Store
MS Markrt; tel. Main 1H44. Branch 19 Third.
HONEY loanr-d to Falarifd people, retail m»r-
chantF. teamFtfrn. Jj'wrdinE-houses, without
eerurity; *Bf.v riasinents; large buyiness In 46
principal cities. Toltnan. 5."3 Parrott bldg.
YOUNG & CO.. rocm 537 Parrott bldg., loan
rror.py on furniture, piano*, etc., at about
half the rate charged by other peopl*; mort-
eajres at hich rates and leases paid off.
ON i?alerifs. insurance policies, chattel mort-
¦ fc&pm,- diamond*. valuaMes, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton et..
ncir Market.
Loans on furniture, pianos and other Fecuritles.
t'2i u;>. without removal. The North Ameri-
can lU-t-Ity Iiond Co.. CCi Columbian bldg.
PRIVATr. — Mmej- loaned on salaries without
wmrlty: diamonds or chattelF; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Ca!. Loan Co.. 526 Parrott bid.
MUNICIPAL iy>AN OFF1CF.. 007 Market st.
LOANS FUOM ?1 TO $10.fX«.
1 PER ct-nt en furniture or pianos: no removal;
r.o comTTlsficr.: do publicity; $25 up; quick,
<;ui«t. contidf ntlal. 2tJ Montgomery Ft., rm. 21.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
ejust on thpir note; easy payments. 500 Rial to
fcldC-. New Montgomery and Mission Fts.
tO wltrlmi people u-ithout Fecurlty; on furnl-
turf. indrrBtd -notes ar.d other security. S
F. DiFcount Aceacy, 113 Thelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low interen; gold, silver,
Kdiamondf. poarlf and precious Etones bought
at'W, J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Firth. Bt.
A — THE Portland 'Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton Ft.,
!rans money <;n diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent p*r month.
I>r»N'T borrow money en Hilary until you ar«
¦at. Hutton Credit Co.. OT2 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAIi Ijosjn Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
cR>p.2cye». Rocm 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at '1 per cent
. oio. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
S "U ON furniture 4- pianos; $15 up: no removal;
na com. V. THEMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy Bt.
CASFT loaned ralaried people on notes' without
tn<Ior*cr. MOBRELL, C09 Examiner building.
| aTOOTCjl^IH'STBITMEBrTS. . |
; OHEAT SALE OF USED 'piANOS^ I
\\ oodworth.& Avalon upright $ 00
Albert Fahr upright.'. ."...... ;. in)
j rvnniston upright .. vz:,
Hamiltrm upright i5i'»
Hirkel upright '. 17.-,
Lf.stor upright ; ;.-. «n,»
Symphony upright 235
Co. upright ...'!!!!!!'."! ibo :
jiyr-.n Mauzy upright, small 275
Byron Mauzy upright, larse :;<m»
s.ihmor & Co. upright., small :n.">
i-ohmer &.Co. upright," larc* 42j
Organs— f 15 uj..
Piano Dlayers— $125 up, all make*.
I BY RON MAUZY. :tus Post st.
] A LIST OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS—
Chickering. rosewood, perfect order: Chlck-
'rinp. mahogany, good as new; Weber, ma-
hogany, good as new, three pedals; Vose.
walnut case, a snap: Sterling, oak case,
used ten months; Willard. used one year,
fine condition, -easy payments — fully guaran-
tee: from $1G5 up.
BENJ. Cl'RTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
c AT $2 rjer month ud. rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new llano*; all makes in used Instrument*.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.; Oak-
land. ]2J2 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
nous* and only manufacturers here.
PIANO Tor pale— Higrh-grnde. suitable for hall
or parl< r; ¦will he raid - el . a sacrifice; orig-
inal cost fcCf«O. Call ar.d t-xamine it at .")46
<'laytcn Ft.
j WHY pay $.-?no for a piano when you can buy
ttu> i<m» prade instrument for $lC"t, cash or j
installment?, at 7W Market st.. second floor? I
'• ELEGANT walnut uprttiu. former price $2.V>, !
I yt* be had for $117. rash or installments, nt •
!.. 7(3> Market- et.. second floor. I
! SIMPLEX piano players, former price $2. r )0. |
for J12V <-8fh f.r instsllni'rnt*. at 769 Mar- j
J k»t st.i seoond floor.
i WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Rcott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 500-62-64
! *t.; tel. Fell 5761.
i PIANO and j.iani player for sale, together or
separately; alm.r^t n?w. 723 Franklin ft.
'> WANTED— Three good fquare pianos. BYRON
MAfZY. .V* rnst st.
j FINK uprlcht piano cheap. 132-"? Green St.:
call tnorninp or after 6 p. m. ; no dealers.
j $9<V— I'PRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNirNG. 216 McAllister et. •-
' A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold: tltt 237 Geary et.
j POHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAL'ZY. 30S-312 Poet st.
: NEW upright pianrte sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. PCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
' 3-PEDAL Stninwty up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
j CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1G pa^es. sent to any address In the
T'n'tpd Stater or Canada one year for $1.
OPFICES_ANDJBTOBES TO LET,
! ELEGANT office*; new Italian-American Bank
bl<1jr., SE. cor. Mnntgy. & Sacto; light and
sunny. G. H. TMBSEN & CO., 2" Montgy.
j FIRST fW.r, 32:lUxl20; 400 Market, with ele- j
vator service; $75 per month. SCHLOSS
CROCKERY CO. j
j $r>r>— STORE to r^nt; S2xS8; 2 lnrpe Fhow win-
dows. 1!U!> Mission, near 16th; water free;
' hasrment.
j F1HFT. 221— Corner building-, second fkor; 41
i.7l!: well liffhted; factory or mercantile
business.
: DESK room to rent. Banner rfflce, 335 Cle-
ment f=t.
! DESK- room: fine, central: furnished office;
I ch^ap. Rimm .'t. 240 Montgomery st.
j KOK rent— Section of large loft: light and airy.
L. MINK. J0!> New Montgomery St., 7th floor
i
! "REXPAPIO" phenomenal "humanized radi-
um" healer of alleged "incunble" diseases.
I ¦ Office hours 2 to 7; lecture and public (free) 1
I •hettiins'2 and S p.m. t-'un.<alFodaily)7S3>iMkt !
¦KEXRADIO'S" free public healing in full I
vie-vr of audience last Sun. Included total \
deafness and many chronio ailments.
j '¦PHYSICIAN'" (local) publicly E aid to Sun- |
day's audience: "I have s^en his prompt, I
wonderful success treating several chronic I
diseases in my offices, and I honestly and j
I ••¦tronRly recommend those incurable by medt- I
• cine to avail themselves of his treatment." j
: ¦ HEXRADlO'at public healing meeting caused
a '.-«leaf mute", by- 3 seconds' treatment- to :
hear and intelligibly epsak many words and
! . isentences he heard; witnessed and testimony
i -signed by many persons including represent- I
: »*Uv* of "S.F. Chronicle" (Mr.- ButlerJ. !
"RKXKAD1O" In II seconds made my 30 years j
totally draf ear hear whisper at IS ft.; 10
- seconds' treatment *nabjej my nearly power- )
less aim to rise ttrai«ht above my head, my i
before feeble' hand grasped and lifted 30 lbs. !
I • easily: i>anU}£e<i limb couldn't raise, dragged j
. K:ounJ. 4-nuMn't put forward, after 10 sec- 1
nnds' treatment -raised it 4 ft. hifrh, walked !
without dragging foot, put foot forward na-
turally, ran and "leaped" from floor several !
times; a-" 1 well known, eee me. G. B., <J32
Market st.. office 11.
i 'KEXKAlilO" found my paralyzed limb near-
ly jfowerlese: after a few seconds' treatment
publicly I raised It to table top easily, foot
ceased dragging. I ran and "leaped" freely.!
Visit me, K. W\- HALL, 17 4th st.. room 5. !
"HEXRADIO" by one treatment enabled me !
to rite from bed unaided, stand alone, etc. ;
bad been "bed fast" and limbs powerless,
unable 10 move them the least 7 years. See I
me. STUART. 6U2A Capp St., rear. :
1 "OHPIF1ED" lady (Mrs. Knowles). years help- j
lessly "bed fast." after 1 treatment found all :
her locked immovable joints loosened and i
moved them freely, rose from bed without 1
help; all for first time In years; no relapse
after several weeks. See her.
"PUBLIC" free healing daily and "Sunday" at
2 and 8 p.m.: bring your Kick, "worst" pos-
rible cases. Daily office hours 2 to 7. 7b3H
Market 6t.
WANTED — To know the whereabouts of MR.
FRANK LINGS. His sister, Lizzie, is very
muth worried, as she has not heard of him
for 8 years. The last letter was mailed In
San Francisco, and in this letter he prom-
ised to visit her socn. Any information
would be gratefully received. Address let-
ters to MRS. LIZZIE DOWD, IMS Celestial
St., Mount Adams, Cincinnati, Ohio.
WANTED — Men to stop use of tobacco; this
harmful habit ! cured permanently by our
antidote: large package- 25c, postpaid.
Ormodcn Co., Minneapolis, Minn.
REFINED gentleman; 49 years, respectable,
tall, good-looking, wants to correspond with
lady: object matrimony; state circumstances.
Box 2055, Call office.
SEND for your winter supplies to Imperial
cash Store, dealers in general merchandise,
531 Washington et., San Francisco. Cal.;
catalc-gue mailed free.
RECEIVED two letters;' write care WM.
WOODS. 411 St. Helena ave.. Tacoma.
B. K. S.
ANY ONE knowing FERDINAND DIEMES,
asre about 60 years during his lifetime,
_plea»e write M. H. HURLEY. Martinez.
I BEST 00 earth — Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism Wnd stomach troubles cured; $1.
BAHRADA? MEDICAL CO.. 330 Grant ave.
SOMETHING new; only painless methods; all
facial Memlshes removed by Prof, de Lontsky,
dermatology. 327 Gear}-, opp. Et. Francis.
CASH for shtirt stories, song poems, musical
compositions. Author's Manuscript Asso-
ciation, Deiter building, Chicago, III.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
AT less than coit; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market a£
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and -$1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St., near Powell.
WHITE— Please write to Ogden, Utah, at once
BLACK.
MRS. HOLSHOU8ER. S20 Starr King bldg. 121
Geary — Bust devel.. electrolysis, massage.
EXCHANGE your syrup coupons at WRE.
DENS. 431 Larkin st.
SUIT'S to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO., the tailors. 729 Market et.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner, 850 Market.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Butts
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$] a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market st., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GAR1N. 138 Montgomery at."
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric- needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton, 233 G>ary.r.38.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1810 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE EUlt $7 60: dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing. Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
PERSONALS — Continned. ',
A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with on*- ,
half of face treated: I guarantee to remove i
permanently wrinkle?, freckles, |
Smallpox pitting*, etc. : • I
Restore lost contour.
If you desire a fresh, young face, call er j
sVriU. MME. GILLINGHAM. 131 Powell »t.
GOOD annual income for life: create an estate
of $.',000 to $20,000 for j-ours»lf or depend-
ents by .small monthly payments. Just the I
thing for the average wage earner. If you I
have some cash, so much the better. Write I
for particulars. Investor, 51S Parrott bldg. I
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scaJp; no stain or stickiness;
cIean*esscalp;atdrusKlsts'. hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.. 133SPofit.
A reliable cure for superfluous hair, B. B. B.
English Caramel; $1 a treatment; free dem-
onstration: keep skin smooth and beautiful:
prevent wrinkles by using our Skin Food;
r.0o jar. Elite Dermatology Institute, 3S3 Mkt.
DR. ROWELL'8 Klre of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
s.>re throat, eto. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price r>Oc. Manufactured nolely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk St.. S. F.
RAG carpets wove to order and for pale: also
ohenllle-wove rugf, eilk portieres; dealer in
carpet twin* in hank or chain, at lowett
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth ft.. Oakland. |
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus- I
se\n, tapestry and moqustte; chenille curtains j
woven into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory.
S«2 Market st.. Oakland: take West 8th car.
MAPQUERAGE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN k CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores~gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
BLACKMAN studied palmistry five years in
hospitals, morgues, prisons, among all classes, ¦
before practicing professionally. 537 O'Far- I
rell ft., 10 to 5. j
RKAD, en rice 36, of the remarkable recovery
of health fby ISMAR'S advice.
MADAME DE-VAS, palmist and astrologer.
Ltebe* bldg., 13» Post St.; hours, 10 to 5 and
Tuesday evenings. ¦ ¦ :";
PHYSICIANS AMD SUBGEONS. '<
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
i lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market Bt.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dl»-
eases cured by Chlneee herbs. 746-8 Clay at.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. B32 Market st.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. SSCS 17th at., San Francisco. Tel. Capp 856.
BOOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
APOLLO, 626 Eddy — 2 and 3 room sunny
apartments; large kitchens; baths; from $25. I
Bl'SH. lt>40 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms and bath; also single rooms. Phone
Polk 204.
CALIFORNIA, 1507— Furnished housekeeping
rooms.
CALIFORNIA, 1519— Housekeeping rooms or
room and board.
CENTRAL AVE.. 813A — Rooms for housekeep-
ing; Eunny.
KDDY. 46S — Neat pleasant rooms, running
water; light housekeeping may be done.
EDDY, 826 — Nice front room for housekeep-
lr«.
EDDY. 9C4— Large sunny room, with email
kitchen connecting; $17 60; private family;
phone.
EDDY. 1254 — Bunny front furnished and un-
furnished housekeeping rooms.
EIGHTH. 112— Front and back parlor, fur-
nished for light housekeeping; upper flat.
ELGIN PARJC, 64— Unfurnished double par-
lors; regular kitchen; eunny; modern;- adults.
FIRST, 230, near Howard — Four housekeeping
rcoms: business location; rent moderate.'
FIRST, 317 — 2 housekeeping rooms.
FOURTEENTH, 706 — 3 sunny, furnished con-
necting housekeeping rooms; very desirable.
FOURTH, 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single roooms. .
FRONT room, park view, and sunny ', room
light housekeeping. 783 Golden Gate ave.
GEARY, 402 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; also single.
GEARY. 402— Nicely furnished rooms; light
housekeeping.
GEARY, 841— Swell, furnished room; sunny
and lieht; use of kitchen.
GKARY, 1223 — Completely furnished room for
housekeeping; sunny bay window; bath; ma-
rine view; also 3-room cottage; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 313— Rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping; single or en
suite; sunny.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 370— Nicely furnished
front alcove connecting kltphen, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 439 — One furnished
room; light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 631— Nice Bunny single
room fcr housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 722— Housekeeping
rooms to let.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 761— Housekeeping
rooms to let.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 783— Front room, bay-
window; also sunny room light housekeeping.
GREEN. 1S12— Nice room; bath, gas and
phone; use of kitchen for one or two ladies;
$10 a month.
GUERRERO. 1195—2, 3 and 4 housekeeping
rooms; piano, bath, porch, stone basement'
$S to $10.
HAYES, 407— Two furnished rooms for house-
keeping; complete; private.
HILL, 7 — Two large sunny front connecting
rooms, unfurnished, $10; also 1 single front
room furnished, $5.
HOWARD. 622—1 suite housekeeping rooms;
also single; gas and coal stoves.
HOWARD, 914— Two connecting housekeeping
rooms; all conveniences.
HOWARD, 1052— Housekeeping rooms; all con-
veniences; cheap.
HOWARD. 1074 — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 2381— Two sunny, well furnished
rooms; all conveniences; adults, $12.
JACKSON. 910—2 nice ' furnished artistic
rooms, with use of kitchen.
JESSIE, 823 — Large eunny front room; gas
range, water; $3 60 week; other rooms, cheap.
JOICE, 14, near Pine and Powell — Two un-
furnished connecting rooms; sunny, modern
house; quiet family; no other roomers; house-
keeping if desired.
JONES, 601 — Elegantly furnished suite of sun-
ny corner rooms; large single and double;
modern.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen loo.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Eunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reaa.
LAGUNA. 1507, cor. Geary — Newly furnished,
sunny hpkg. rooms; new flat; private; reas.
LASKIE. 27, bet. 8th and 9th, off Mission—
Furnished rooms for housekeeping, or single.
MARKET. 1824 — Nicely furnished connecting
sunny front rooms; complete housekeeping.
MAYBELLE. 202 Orove, cor. Van Ness— Sunny
furn. & unfurn. 2 and 3 room suites; single.
McALLISTER, 638 — Sunny suite, complete for
hkpg-; gas range; hot bath; adults; $15.
McALLISTER, SO — Nicely furnished room"
suttable for housekeeping or for 2 gentlemen!
McALLISTER, I056 — Upper ! sunny floor of 4
furnished rooms for housekeeping; will divide
rooms; gas and- coal stove; bath and gas.
MINNA. 281, corner Fourth— Furnished sunny
housekeeping; also front and single; cheap.
MINNA. 342— Large sunny housekeeping room
to let. • .
MISSION, 813— Housekeeping rooms. <fX '•:" ,
BOOMS TOE HOPSEgEEFUTQ— Con. .
MISSION. 938 — Newly furnished rooms"; also
rooms Icr housekeeping.:-
MISSION," 11 JO— A nicely furnirhed flat of 4
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
NATOMA. 62.1 — A housekeeping room.
OAK, 115»4 — Sunny suite, "$10: every 'conven-
ience for housekeeping; adults.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
$12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK, 407 — $5 month: newly furnished: bath;
large room and quiet; single gentleman.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Large, bay-win-
dow, closet, gas stove; housekeeping.
O'FARRELL; 917— 3 elegantly furnished rooms
and bath for housekeeping; $25. . . , ,
O'FARRELL. 1604, cor. Webster— Nicely fur-
nished, sunny bay-window rooms, with or
without housekeeping.
PACIFIC. ,142GVit— Three sunny housekeeping
rooms; marine view; rent $12.
PAGE, 116 — Large, well furnished 'housekeep-
ing room; running wa.ter; bath; good loca-
tion. . .
POP.TOLA, 73, off Waller, bet. Steiner ; and
Pierce — Two sunny 'rooms for housskeeplng.
POST, !R>5 — Sunny, cozy suite for housekeep-
Ing; $13 .'.P.
POST, fX>5— Sunny, cozy suite, $14; one large
housekeeping, $10 50.
POWELL, 710 — Floor of S sunny furnished
roams; iras range; adults; reasonable.
SAN JOSE ave.', 207 — Two sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
SCOTT, 225, near Haight — Completely furn.
apartments; two or mow rooms- for house-
keeping; bath; sun all day; reasonable.
SCOTT. 300, NE. cor. Page — Newly furnished.
SCOTT,- 821 — Furnished rooms, with board.
SHOTWELL. «25— Two sunny furnished rooms
for Hghl housekeeping; bath. '
SIXTEENTH, 3077, near Valencia— Two large
sunny connecting rooms for .housekeeping;
reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 106 — Housekeeping room to let.
SOUTH PAKK, 121 — 2 ) furnished rooms for
housekeeping. ' . ¦
SOUTH PARK, 178 — Furnished rooms fbr
housakeeping. * » • ¦
Sl'TTER; 1105 — Furn. front bay window rooms:
2 closets, run. water; convenient light hskpg.
SUTTER,' 1113—3 rooms housekeeping.;, unfur-
nished. •'• ' ¦'• '¦£ .-
TAYLOR. 911— Furnished suite; folding bed.
gas range., water. $12 50; elngie ropm. $6.
TO let — Two connecting housekeeping rooms;
good location. Address box 2892. Call office.
1
L'TAH, 53S. near Eighteenth— Large basement,
sunny cottage for housekeeping; newly paint-
ed; gas. sink, hot and cold water; cheap.
VAN NESS. 419 — Sunny room; housekeeping '
privilege; $9. • . . ,.'
VAN NESS. 517 — Two housekeeping rooms;
$16. ¦:
VICKSBURG, 8 — Two furnished . housekeeping
rooms; rent $12.
WIDOW wjth sunny, home wishes, refined
lady cr mother with children to share the
same; school neur by;. cheap. Box. 2817, , Call.
WEBSTER. 12"-*0— 3 or 4 nicely „ furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping; phone and
bath. f
APARTMENT HOUSES.
EL DRISCO APARTMENTS, 2901 Pacific ave.;
4 and 5 rooms, unfurnished or furnished;
dinners will be served' In the grill for. the
accommodation of. guests.
8T. LOUIS. 1075. Jackson— Marine view; 3-4-i
rooms; fum. or unfur.; refs. Tel. East 1380.
BOOMS TO IkET— Pttrn. anfl trnfnrn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
; • 115 AND 117 EDDY ST. •
115 AND 117--EDDY-ST. • .-
MOST MODERN AND. UP-TO-DATE -HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN': 150 rooms) 35 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH; .ELECTRIC
LIGHTS; STEAM HEATED. THROUGH-
r OUT ; I TELEPHONE IN i EVERY , ROOM ; ,
SUITES WITH BATH, $1.50. TO $2 50-. PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS, 754~TQ . $1;-,HOT
• WATER DAY AND NlGUT. f TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.- .'. ,-..,.- .- .... ......
= -. • ¦'-' ASH WORTH HOTEL. '¦.-?•
320 Mason st., ¦ bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
• Rooms with or without- private bath.
; New. addition Just completed; rentlr.e.ihouse
newly renovated: sun in rooms all day. . :
A— BRUNSWICK 'House. 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A SPLENDID place for gentlemen and fam-
ilies where they may enjoy the luxuries cf
'modern apartments at very -moderate prices.
The Newton, NE. cor.. Market and Larkin.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market it. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
AURORA. 608 Folsom, cor. Second — Nicely fur-
nished sunny rooms;' run. water, elec. lights;
$1 50 ud week. • • •
AUSTIN ave., "439 — Sunny suite or single; run-
ning water, bath; new flat; new furniture;
private.
A NICE, • sunny room with all modern im-
- provements; rent $11. Address 1516 Califor-
nia st. . ,. : ;
A NICE, sunny front room. . Apply 244 A Na-
toma st. - . . •' .
A NICE, sunny, furnished room to let. Apply
at 209 Tehama ,sl.
A NICE, sunny front room for gentleman.
Apply 207 Tehama st,
A EUNNY furnished front room to let. Ad-
dress 1326 Eddy st.' ' - '
A SUITE' of 3 sunny unfurnished rooms.
Phone 2006. ¦ • , .
ASH ave., 138, opposite City Hall— Sunny front
' room, f 6. ' . . . '
BARTLETT, 306— Two furnished rooms.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store, 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights: running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BRANNAN. 354— Front room to let.
BROADWAY, 720— Room . to rent.
BROADWAY, 883— Room y to let.'.', . ,
BKODERICK, 2124— SUnny furnished room to
let. - ¦
BRYANT, 768— A small front room for gentle-
man. ¦ ' ' . :¦
BUCHANAN; 1328— Furnished room.
BROADWAY, 700— Furnished rooms. • .
BRYANT, 841—1 sunny furnished room.
BUSH. .i845. near Powell — Comfortable, eunny,
bath room euite; also elngle room; all new;
electric lights.
BU8H. 763— Room to let.
BUSH, 763— Room to let. '
BUSH, 808 — Pleasant rooms for gentleman
with good references; private family; ¦' <¦ • '
BUSH, 872— Rooms to let. . .
BUSH, 927— Sunny room for gentlemen. -
BUSH, 1006— Two sunny furnished rooms";
phone In house. '. . .. , ¦
BUSH. 1255— One single. room In private fam-
ily; bath. ., -• , - - ¦;
BUSH,* 1838 — To let. furnished room, suitable
for gentleman.
CALIFORNIA, 1001— Nice front hall .room to
¦ let. ... . -.- ¦ .--¦¦¦ -.. ,...
CALIFORNIA, J247— Nicely furnished,, large
rooms for gentlemen; bath. »
CALIFORNIA;- 1268, near Leavenworth— A, fur-
nished room; $6. '.
CALIFORNIA, 1280— An elegantly furnished
large. room; running water; beautiful mod-
ern house., ' " -^ »•¦••¦- • ."¦' >. * ; "
CALIFORNIA, 1426A— Furnished. room to let.
CALIFORNIA. 1516— Nicely, furnished single
room; running. water; private.- _ • • ,- ;. .
CARMELlf A. 22%— Boomer wanted, i"- ' :j !
j BOOMS TO LET-rnra. and" TJufprh. 1
CAHMELITA, 52%— Rooms to let.
CARMELITA, 32%— Rooms to let. .
CEDAR ave., 129 — Neatly furnished rooms;
reasonable.
CENTRAL ave., 813 A — Furnished rooms.
CHESTNUT,. 1340, near Van Ness— A sunny
front room In a private family; reasonable.
CLEMENTINA, ."4 — A nice, sunny, front room
to let. furnished, j
CLEMENTINA, 5V— A furnished room.
\ PEVISADERO. 1301A— Sunny furnished rooms.
DEVISADERO, 1441*. cor. Geary— 3 nicely fur-
nI.«heJ sunny cor. front rms.; gas range; $18.
DITBOCE, 235. between Guerrero and Dolores —
$12; four unfurnished rooms.
KDDY,"3— Fine gore corner furnished rooms,
by day. week or month. . -
— mi [ —
1 EDDY. 11— Nicely furnished rooms.
EDDY, 432 — Nice single room in fine location;
very reasonable.
EDDY, 521— Furnished room, suitable for two;
$2 50 per week. \ ¦
EDDY, 870 — Handsomely furnished sunny par-
lors; modern flat; phone; also single rooms;
• reasonable.
EDDY. 8S8— Elegantly furnished sunny room
I with bath, stationary wash stands, hot and
- coW water; private family; reasonable; top
i flat: also one very large room for three or
i four- gentlemen.
EDDY. 1222— Room to let.
EDDY, 1233— Furnished room.
EIGHTH ave.. 674 — 2 sunny bay-window par-
¦lors: single: reasonable; near Park museum.
ELEVENTH. 314 — Large sunny front room.
I with use of kitchen, for man and wife.
ELEVENTH ave.. 262. bet! Clement and Cali-
fornia — Front room to let.
-
j ELLIS. 408— Furnished room to let.
ELLIS, 661 — Nicely furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS, 661— Nicely furnished rooms.
i ELLIS, 706, near Larkin — Large back room;
| suitable for 2; $S per mo.; gas. bath, phone. |
ELLIS, 708-^Large sunny, nicely furnished '
front room: $12 month. - - - -
KLLIS, 724 — Large sunny front room to let.
j ELLIS, 752— Furnished rooms to let.
i " — : -?. "~ ~ ~ ~ ~ — ~~~-~ —— —
j ELLIS, 769 — Parlor suite; furnished.
ELLIS, 835— Single room, folding bed, $5;
! - larce room $10. ,- . •
I ELLIS, 1014 — Sunny., front alcove room, sult-
i able for one or two men; phone.
j ~~~ — ; nnm '
j ERIE, 157— Furnished room to let.
! ELEGANTLY furnished apartments. The
1 Kenilworth. Powell and Bush sts. '•
FELL. 28 — Nicely furnished room; private
j . family; running water. ¦
FELL, 174— Single room to let; $7.
FELL, 937— Room to let. / v .
! FELL. 937— Room to let.
! FIFTH, 33 — Furnished rooms to let. ..
! FIFTH, 100— Furnished rooms to let.
I ; mm i
I FIFTH, 145%— Neat furnished rooms to let.
FIFTH, 149A — Rooms to let, furnished.
FIFTH, 162— Furnished rooms, to Jet.
FOLSOM.' .645— Nfce, sunny, furnished front
room for man and wife or two gentlemen.
'FOURTH, . 491— Front sunny room, suitable for
-one or two gentlemen; reasonable. rJJar.'* •
FRANCISCO, 426 — Furnisheid room to let.
FRANKLIN', 713 — Sunny, clean room preference
required. ¦
FULTON, 63«— Furnished room to let.
FULTON, 636 — Furnished rcoms.
FURNISHED room, suitable for gent; rent
reasonable. Apply box 2447, Call office.
FURNISHED room for one or two gentlemen.
Apply box 2853. Call office.
FURNISHED room for gentlemen; use of bath.
I Box 238B, Call office.
GEARY. 4S3 — Furnished room to let.
GEARY, S45 — Newly furnished single room;
' ; also rear room for workingman. $4.
GEARY, 727— Elegantly furnished single room.
I GEARY, 5S0— Two sunny furnished front
I rooms; running water, gas, electricity, phone.
GEARY, 777 — Front room, with or without
housekeeping; newly papered; folding; $15.
GEARY, 856 — Sunny ' front room to let.
I GEARY,. 936 — Furnished rooms. " r
GEARY. 1003— Sunny suite and single rooms
to let. '
GEARY, 1523— Sunny furnished room.
I GOLDEN GATE, 521— Furnished rooms; rea-
nor.able.
j GOLDEX-^GATE ave., 618, near Van Ness ave.
— House to let. . ...
GOLDEN GATE ave., 640— Furnished rooms
to let.
GOLDEN GATE. ave.. 641— Rooms' to let
GOLDEN HATE, 700— Front sunny rooms;
suttable for two; board near by. .
GOLDEN GATE ave., 724— Nice furnished
j rooms. - -
*7 GOLDEN GATE ave., 1130— Furnished room in
I private family.
i ¦
GOLDEN- GATE ave., 1130— Furnished rooms
to let.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 1156. near Webster
vLarge,- front, i sunny room with grate, gas,
use of bath, $10; one, room $7. •
COLDEN GATE ave.. 1524— A large, sunny,
front room for one or two gentifmsn.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room-
GRANT ave., 7 — Nicely furnished sunny front
I suite; also single rooms. $2 to $8 week.
GROVE. 405 — Front room to let.
GROVE. 60»%— Two sunny furnished front
rooms; running water, gas electricity; phone.
GROVE. 1519 — Rooms to let.
HAIGHT. 45OA— Nicely . furnished room for
gentleman; gas and bath.
HAIGHT, 459A— One nicely furnished room to
let.
HAIGHT. 1031— For lady, large furnished
room: housekeeping permitted. ;
HARRISON,- 672 — Furnished rooms and bath.
HARRISON. 759 — Furnished rooms.- - • . . .'.'..; '
HARRISON. 897— Furnished room, bath, gas:
' $6 per month. ¦ ¦ .
HARRISON. 946— Furnished, room to. let. *
HARRISON. .1180— Furnished. room to let... <
HAYES, 326— Sunny front room; reasonable.
HAYES, 673 — To rent; a nice sunny room. •-
HOWARD, 504— Furnished rooms to' let. .'
HOWARD. 716 — Large sunny rooms at low
•rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 761— Front room to let
j BOOMS TO&ST— TMB7 KntLTTnixan. -
HOWARDj 818^RoortS_tO' fet '. -al» prices, - ~
HOWARD. 818— Furnished rooms: all prices.
HOWARD, 827— Furnished rooms to let.
HOWARD. 934B— Furnished room/ "
HOWARD. 1165— Furnished rooms to let.
HOWARD. 1260— Furnished bay-window room
to rent.. . .^ .•.-.-..'. ;¦: j._ . .-.-.:.
HYDE, 7 — Fuml-jhed rooms. .
HYDE, 10— Furnished rooms. _
HYDE. 509— Nicely furnished, large room;
closet, bath, phone; fine location. .r.'f
JESSIE. 322— A most beautiful.* newly, fur-
nished, tunny front room; large; suit two; $9.
JESSIE. 363, east U. S. Mlnt^Large double
room. $10; -single -room,. $8 mo." »,..
JESSIE, 415 — Neatly furnished rcom. ~
JONES. 521 — Sunny rooms to Ie"t. j I
JONES, 917 — Large and single sunny "rooms;
running water.
LARKIN, -502— Nicely furnished sunny front
I rooms; rent reasonable.
JERSEY, 253 — Furnished rooms.
JONES. S20 — Nice rooms. ¦ '
JONES. 923. war Buih — Sunnjr front alcove
room,, cozy corner, $20.
JONES, 1801 — Sunny rooms, furnished or un-
furnished.
KEARNY. 215— Room suitable fof office; first
floor.
KEARNY. 305. ccr. Bush — Nicely : furnished
rooms and bath at reasonable prices.'
LAGUNA, 1611— Two large sunny room's to let.
LARKIN, 139— Furnished rooms.
LARKIN. 613 — Three large light room*, run-
ning water, grate, two beds; first 'floor; $25.
LARKIX; 'SO4— Strnny frent rribms. -suitable Tor
gents; grate; $7 anil $5 per month. . •
LARKIN, 901 A, cor. Geary— Front .• minny
rooms; runninr water; reasonable -rate.
LARKIN, 1 929 — A- nicely -.. furnjshed .,, sunny
front room; running water; rent $10. •
LARKIN. 1616 — Newly furnished parlor suite
for one or two genta: bath. ' . : *-.'
LARKIN. 1042— Single room; $7." *„•;
LARKIN, 1155 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
running water; gentlemen preferred.'
LEAVENWORTH. 217— Furnished suites to
let.
LEAVENWORTH.- 405— Small sunny front
room, suitable for 2 gentlemen.'
LEAVENWORTH, 1010%— Two large sunny
unfurnished rooms.
LEAVENWORTH, 1007— A large "sunny well-
furnlshed alcove; also sunny single room.
LILY ave., 14, near Franklin — Furnished front
room to let.
LILY ave., 23 — One nice sunny room..- -
LILY ave., 308}$, near Laguna— Sunay .front
•room for young lady employed during day.
LOCUST ave., 608^4— To let, a' sunny front
furnished room.
MARKET. 765 — Sunny room to let. ;
MARKET. 7S3VS— Room to let. ¦ . ¦
MARKET, 917— Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 930-JFurnIsbed .rooms.
MARKET, . 933-^Furnlshed rooms.' ;I ' \\* r \ :
MARKET. ieO7M-Hg*urnUhcd- roomsv/ta let,'
MARKET, i 104& i- (Tim" * F*lmcuta>— Soany
. rcoms; hot, cold ¦ water. ;el4yact>r>'* '«.-;'_-
MARKET, 1655. cor. Polk— 2 front sunny eon-
nect.roo'ms: $12 80; raege. yard^oftrt^Onse.
MASOJr," 514;. near. Sutter — Sbhhy' rooms, 'suite
or single; njodem; reaioiiable. '- ' '-'.-:¦-¦-
MASON. 514— Elegantly furnished sMnyrooffis
and 3ultes; modern. '. -.."..." ; _ .*¦«-"•
MASON. 406 — Furnished rooms. ;¦' ? -. , : ¦¦
MASON, 514, near Sutter^ — Sunny --rooms,'-' suite
or single; modern ; reasonable.
MASON. 616 — Newly furnished sunny rooms,
from $5 up to $15. — •' . ».
MASON, 1908— Furnished rooms to let.'"
McALLISTER, "30^ — Nicely, furnished, .-room;
suitable for, housekeeping or for 2 gentlemen.
McALLISTER, 114 — Furnished rooms for rent.
McALLISTER, 787 — Sunny furnished . rooms;
new flat: reasonable. . ' -,
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third st—4Do
single And family. rooms 35c to $1 50 per-day,
$2 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In. San Francisco
" that has office on ground floor. - hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
'In every room and gives free baths "and ele-
vator service day and night t«Mts guests. '
MINNA, 152— Furnished rooms;
MINNA," 313-^Furnlshed room.';"' '\_.'"Z
MINNA, 546 — Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping. _• '. * ¦ " "¦-.
MINNA. CogA-^Furnlshed rooms to let; pri-
vate family. « . * ' ¦ ' :
MINNA. 631B — Nicely furnished sunny room.
suitable' for 1 or 2 'gentelemen;- bath; rerrt
reasonable. " - ' ..'-.'
MINNA, 923. off Tenth — Large' sunny front
room to let. _ ' '. ' ' [ .
MISSION. 519— Rooms to< let. '¦ • •
MISSION. SlO—FurnUhed rooms to -let. ' .'-'
MISSION, 843— A large, front room to let.
MISSION. 913^ — Large furnished room, cheap;
upper flat. " ,' . ¦ • ¦ . u .
MISSION. 1049 — Furnished rooms 'to' let. '
MISSION, 1049 — Furnished room, suitable for
two gentlemen. ' < ¦ t l,
MISSION. 1055-^Nlce sunny' furnished single
room; $1 75 per week.
MISSION,' 1710— Sunny front room.
MISSION; 1710— Front sunny room. • • • •
MISSION, 1710— Sunny, newly' furnished rooms
to let, - - .-:.
MISSION. 2245— Rooms to" let.*-" * i
MISSION. 2292— Furnished. rooms to .let?
MISSION, 2342 — Large sunny front . bay-win-
dow room -in new flat.«- with running water
and large 'closer; -all n.ew furniture; use of
phone; reference required. .. ' .. • ¦
MISSION. 2479^ — Sunny .;front room^H regular
'kitchen; back porch; washtubs: phone; warm
belt. ' ; - • -r.- . ¦ t ¦_
MISSION; 2844— Furnished rooms. V». .'-^'ii '
MONTGOMERY. 127— Furnished "roomVto.^et.
NATOMA. 243— One nicely furnished small
room: $1 50 per week. .
NATOMA, 313— Furnished room. . '.'"*'.
NATOMA. 46.0%— Twp connecting rooms for
two men; gas; bath; private: 2. bed?. \
NATOMA. 625A — Furnished ropm! to let. ' -
NATOMA, Eleventh— Single roomi
sunny. ,- ... »». .
NQE. 254 — Large -front. -room; -well furnished;
1% blocks from German Hospital: low renU
NOE. 577 — Large pleasant furnlshed-ro*ms to
let. ... . ¦ . ;..-.. . . ¦.:¦ r-
NICELY furnished . front room: sunny: facing
Carden; run. water; bath; $7. Apply 23$ -13th.
BOOMS TO" : -&iitwnii
NICELY furnished rooinl;. single" or ''•n suite.
Box 1559r Ctrtl office.- ••-¦»» •-¦ r « »
NICE, sonny, front .room.; £ Western Addition*
-Box 1550. Call-otflce _..._ -^..- .--
NICE large front room- for gentleman on Gold-
en Gate ave. . Inquire.. 16 and 13 Geary.at.
OAK. 120 — Larye t .•unny, nicely- furnlsaad
front room. .. ... • .. .'. ,
OCTAVIA, 157— Furnished _rocnis»— _.. -. ,
O'FARRELL. 330— Unfurnished rooma to let.
1 ; ,— , , ;¦
OTARg CIJ^. .Vti^Farni si-, a d. ¦m n rr,m.iX T«t * ' v .
O'FARRELL. 571— To - let, ; new furnished
rooms at $7, $9 and $12 a rcom per montli.
O'FARRELL, 579— Sunny rooms to let.
O'FARRELL, 60«— Well furnished rocm for
rent. * - • — - — •¦ —-,--¦
O'FARRELL, . 633 — Nicely (srnlabaf .stugta
"rooms; sunny: .$S. $7, $3. ., -. .-.•¦* -...,
O'FARRELL, 76&— Nicely furnished" 'rooms:
reasonable. .» :
O'FARRELL, 900 — Sunny basement rexqn. $1 23
per w«K. " ' ?"-* '.":'• ' " * *
O'FARRELU 1127— Room to let. «
O'FARRELI* 1127 — 2 nicely furnished sunny
rooms; bath; phone; private family.
PAGE. 20 — Two neat rooms; bath and- cm;
"$3an!f?6. • - - "» - -~-.-r»-
PINE. 417%— Four- nicely furnisKed rooms:
"also. 4 uhfurnished: good location. —
PAGE. 177ft— 3 unfurnished room* aad l>ata.
PERRY. 8— Furnished hallroom; $«. .","¦.
PINE. 768 — Furnished rooms to let. ' ¦• •
PINE. "OS? — Very surmy 'frtfnt rooml'-rWlhed
_ private., family ;'* gentleman. "¦ ' * " s
PINE. 1733 — Well-furnished rooms to let.
PINE, 1735, near Van Ness— Elegantly tar-
_nlshed, sunny, bay-window room; all con-
veniences; moderate. W
• • • *-».-' - . - , v
PINE. 1735 — Elegantly furnished rooms to«Jet.
PINE. 1743 — Handsomely furnished rooms to
• private family; board if deWred: reference*.
PINE. 1920— Nicely furnished- r*w»mS ta- !*t-
PINE. 1920 — Newly furnished 'rooms- to- let*
POLK, 520 — Furnished rooms. J. - .
POST. 8S9— Large front - furnished room; , run-
ning water; for 1 or-2*gaata;»ref«renc«s...
POST 951— =A large sunny room tp let; newly
-furnishedr suitable for 2 ladies or ... gents.
FOLK. 1018 — To let. a large, sunny room.,1. .
P0LK\ 1233— Suites and single rooms. to. let.
POST. 062 — Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; gas, bath," phone, modern; $8.
POWELIi, 19 — Nicely furnished^rooms. ' v
roWELL. 216, bet. O'Farrell-and Oeary—
Large sunny roomi, *2.p«r we»lt and up.
POWELL, -506 — Nicely furnished room*.
POWELL. 506— Large, nicely furnished., front
room; modern; sun all day. --. - --- -
POWELL.' 90.1 — *1<>: fine large sunny room:
good view of bay.
POWELL, 932— Furnished rontns^ .*-, - -
PROSPECT ave.. 318 — Furnished room; ..-
RICH. S23H— Room to let.
ROYAL HOUSE.12R Ellls^— Incandescent lights:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' .par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; we«k..S3
to $&; month. $8 to $30; eleratoroni ground
door; rooms- with hot and coU water; bathi.
ROOM tcMet. Apply. 1509 Mlgatoo ar, . " : ; "¦
ROOMS, to. let. Apply $06^,glXth, . «V ' . , ';
RCfbM toi.rerffl suitable. for,,2 gentienien. Ad-
jdress bo.x_2$51. Call of flee. "; .' '.*.'.
8ANSOME. 621— Furnished rooms to let. " *
SCOTT. lilb-^DoUble sunny room; bath, aad
.gas. - - .....*¦¦¦ - .S*
SCOTT.^1731-^Furnlshed. rooms.' . . J -.'
SECOND, 149 — Furnished rooms. '. " "/ ;
SENTiNELT879 Turk^4 robins," furnJAed or
unfurnished. Tel. East 917. ,' [^
SEVENTH. 145 — Sunny front • room,'- saltabla
for one or two gentlemen; reasonable. - ,.
SEVENTH ave.. 784, near park. entrance. ¦¦¦S*ul-
¦ ton st. — Small room; bath ;. rvery > reasonable.
SHRADER. 1038 — Newly furnlshedi room"; • two
blocks from Park.- -^ ¦ - - ¦_- ¦ - -
SILVER.- 120— A - sunny room foe- a- man... . - .
SIXTH; 34 — Nicely furnished-' stinny .front
•rooms;. rent reasonable.. - - *»¦'¦ <-,» ,-
SIXTH, 224 — Nice, sunny front room facing oa
street: gas. -bath. r etc.;. $8 per months ¦ «
SIXTH. -806% — Furnished rooms. -¦ — - ¦•-
SIXTH. 810 — Furnished rooms to let.
SIXTH, 312— Sunny furnished, rooms to Ut.
. * . ¦ ¦ I r . ... • ¦ - '
SIXTH.^.314— Furnlahed.rooins> .'. " * .. V.'^^j
SIXTH. 323 — Furnished rooms. .'' '[' '.;! *!
?IXTEEMTH. -B22— FunUsaed. rooms to-lrt.,
SOUTH PARK. SC^Room to let,- ";. Z. r .V..
SOUTH PARK. '37— A- nice, v sunny- fnmlshed
room; no sign. ;;•""•"'
SOUTH PARK, 178 — Furnished rooms r for
. houaekeeping. - - .....-¦ - '•_ ...
STANYAN. 710, epp Oolden Gate Park— Frent
furnished rooms: also housekeeping. - : •_• •*
STOCKTON, i 1300— Furnished nJta. ' _ '. - ;
STOCKTOX._ 1715— Tw« furnlshedj rooms *to
rent.""". '~ '" < *V "7-7T ""*"-. .~."^
ST. REGIS. Hyde and Ellls-^-Kew hottsei'neiw
furnishings: fresh and clean.: not and'-CPld
crater: baths; every thtog- sanitary :, elevator
service; if sunshine and cleanliness ¦ is «*
object see these rooms; $3 per, wee If. np.-. •
8TEVgNSON. 417— Furnished ¦¦ room. - -. ¦'- •
STE\'ENSON. 726— Room, to let. . '¦• ;'• '¦
BTOCKTON. 41 and 43— Nicely furnished- suiv-
ny front rooms'; also- single, $1'SO to $8 weete,
SUTTER, 427— Nice furnished sfngle. rooms to
¦ let. . . - -.-¦¦¦ j ¦'. * ': * ~ »^..-.
SUTTER. 717 — Large sunny, room; running
' water; also large . parlor suite.. . . ... .. .. ¦
SUTTER, T S22— Furnished. room suitable for..3
"» i gentlemen^- >. .< . ¦ >,; ..:>^.-' T '.¦;,•- '
SUTTER, 875^ — Newly fttmlahed room*. -¦ • "? - *
THE ST. KA.THRYN, CORNER. EE.LIS'XND
I LEAVENWORTH ST8^-PO3ITIV^y THJ5
': SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES, .BATH9.
' ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELE Pi! ONE SER-
VICE" HOT AND COLD WATER; E\£BT
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
; ALL 1IQURS: .ROOMS FROM $3- WEEK.. .
TAYLOR. 410— For two neat men room, wHi»
or: without 'board. ; - : -..- «.. .»¦¦ .
THE Larchmbnt/36i'Sutter— New brick tldz..
--finely furni*hed: hot. cold water, steam-heat.
privilege to, baths; $2 Sft'to $5* per week." -> *
TAYLOR 515B — Sunny single room: running
¦ water.- bath, gas;. #7: larger room. -$12.^ ¦
TAYL-OR. 'g01*-Roem to let*"- ; .*.'.>:
...•-**—•—¦» :•¦»>*• • r*-vr r "'^""' rJiASri-ttiJ via
TEHAMA: gt^Rpom to leW .
TEHAMA"; lCO-Nlce sunny rooms" to"; let:* rta-
sonat>ie. ' .. '. .'- ;* "-. .. - .--• . /-« % **
For Additional Classified Ad vert fee-
I. : ments See- Page 46. =••-»,«, Saturday. October 8.
I Stmr City of Puebla Jepsen. 68 hours from
Victoria. - .
Stmr Corona. Gielow. 20 hours fm Eureka.
Stmr ¦ F A Kilburn, Thompson, 7 - hours from
Port Rogers.- ' , ¦ . ¦;¦¦¦¦
ftmr Gualala, Kalnin. 16 hours fm Delmar.
tmr South Coast. 01 sen. 16 hours from
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wagner— Is Smith subject to fits?
Jagner— Yes, when he pays his tailor
bills.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low "Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th»
' Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city, front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
* SUNDAY. OCTOBER 0.
Sun . rises H:\2
Sun. set3 5;4i
Moon sets 0:00 p. m.
O Time ITime |Time Time
£ Ft. I Ft. I Ft. Ft.
• L W |H W |L W H W
0 4:52 .1.111:14 5.6 5:27^ 0.0 . : "
H W L W HW • L w
10 0:07 "B.4 5:34 1.511:52 6.7 6:14—01
11 1:05 51 6:17 1.0 12:32 5.7 7:O5Ho2
12 2:00 4.8 7:02 2.4 1:15 5.5 8:00—01
W 3:00 4.K 7:50 2.9 2:02 5.3 8:58 0 0
14 4:05 4.5 8:50 3.1 2:57 5.0 9-59 o-»
15 | 5:ll| 4.5 10:u0 3.2| 3:59 4.6 llioo p\
NOTE! — In the above exposition of the tides
the eatly morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order, of occurrence as to time- the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United State*
The uteamer City of Sydney sailed yester
day for the Isthmus of Panama and way ports
with a general merchandise . cargo, valued at
$89,484, to be distributed as follows: For Mex
ico, $8398; Central America, $15,005: Panama,
$4171;" Colombia. $762: Chile. $1C1; New York,
$59,322; Germany, .$1585. The following were
the leading exports:
To Mexico— 949 pkgs freeh fruits. 19 pkgs
potatoes, 2355 lbs dried fruit, 3760 lbs rice,
15 gals 10 cs whisky. 1C5 gals wine. 10 cs
liquors. 297 lbs 1 cs bread. 9 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 4 bdls leather. 341 bdln shooks,
3433 lbs soda, 15 cs 1 bbl lubricating oil 23
pkgs paints, 7410 feet lumber, 34 pkgs nails,
33 cs arms and ammunition. 3 cs boots and
¦hoes, 38 pkgs iron ware, 300 boiler tubes 47
bdls 262 bars iron, 32 bdls 26 pes steel," 24
pkgs railroad material, a pkgs machinery, 15
pkgs drugs.
To Central America — 768 bbls flour, 1442 gal*
36 cs wine. 100 cs whisky. 2279 lbs malt. 900
ctls corn. 1480 lbs spices, 1387 lbs dried fruit,
25 cs canned goods. 23 pkgs fresh fruits, KOO
lbs raisins. 13 crts onions. 370 crts potatoes,
1350 lbs codfish. 1309 lbs cheese, 10 cs salmon
12,010 lbs rice. 1085 lbs ham and bacon SO
bales hay, 5206 lb* tallow. 80,000 lbs cement
T.0 sks coal, 67 sks coke, 6GeO lbs sulphur
S937 lbs axle grease. 8400 lbs plgiron. 27 pea
pipe, 28 pkgs machinery.' 105.es coal oil, 7
bales leather.
To Panama — 20O bbls flour, 80 erts potatoes,'
20 crts onions. 2« cs salmon, 6000 gala wine
66.445 feet lumber.
To Colombia— 105 bbls flour, 265 gals wine,
h cs canned goods, 300 lbs raisins, 8 crU
onions, 4 crts garlic, 3 pkgs groceries, 10 bxs
soap.
To New York— 139.S94 gals wine, 26 gals
brandy, 30,028 lbs pig lead. -238 sks cattle
horns, R7 bales cattle hair, 65 bales junk.
To Germany — 34,672 lbs • dried prunes. 779
lbs tallow, 1880 lbs aephaltum.
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
" The tank steamer Whittier was cleared yes
terday for Vancouver, via Astoria, with 10,000
barrels of crude oil in bulk, valued at $U,000.
Crude Oil for the North.
The British ship Durbrtdge is chartered for
lumber from Portland to Delagoa Bay at
51s 3d; bark General Falrchild (at Lahaina),
same business from Puget Sound to Sydney at
33s 9d. with option of Melbourne or Adelaide
at -10s — chartered prior to arrival.
The bark St. Katherlne returns to Hilo with
general cargo.
Matters of Interest to Manners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Oakland High School Finishes Sec
ond and Brawny Lads From
Ukiah Next in Line.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2146 Center Street, Oct. 8.
Lick won the twenty-first annual
field day meet of the Academic Athletic
League to-day with a total of 30 points.
Oakland High School was second with
27 points and Ukiah High School third
with IS points.
The feature of the day was the estab
lishing of a new record for the pole
vault. Moullen, who won every event
in which he was entered, broke the old
pole vault record of 10 feet 9 inches by
an inch. Summary:
100-yard dash, final — Pomeroy, P. A.
H. S., won; Whitman, B. H. S., second;
Gray, S. R. H. S.. third. Time, :10 3-5.
440-yard dash— Wilson, S. R. H. S.,
won; Rowles, U. H. S., second; Mc-
Namara, O. H. S., third. Time, :54 4-5.
120-yard hurdle: Final— Dozier^ O. H.
S., first; Turner, M. H. S., second; Ja
cobs, S. R. H. S., third. Time. :18.
8S0-yard run— Dodson, C. S. M. A.,
first; Mayes, C. S. M. A., second; Rich
ardson, O. H. S., third. Time, 2:12 2-5.
v ' 220-yard dash: Final— Pomeroy, P. a!
H. S., first; McDonald. O- H. S., sec
ond; O'Connor, C. S. M. A., third. Time
:24 1-5.
220-yard hurdle: Final— Ruddick, U.
H. S.. first; McConnell. S. R. h. S..
second; Doane, C. S. M. A., third. Time!
:2S 3-5. """.I
Mile run — Maundrell, L. H. S.,
first; Mayes, C. S. M. A., second;
Kayes, O. H. S.. third. Time. 4:43 4-5.
Mile relay — Oakland High School
first. Santa Rosa. High School second.
Lick third. Time, 3:30.
Pole vault— Moullen, C. S. M. A.,
first; Lelb, L. H. S., and Hitchcock, S.
C. H. S.. tied for second and divided
points. Height, 10 15-100 feet-
High jump — Hall. O. H. S.. first,
Carpenter, U. H. S., and Bressi, L. H.
S., tied for second and divided . points.
Height, 5 feet 3 inches.
Shot put — Moullen, C. S. M. A., first;
Ford, U. H. S., second; Titus, S. C. H.
S.. third. Distance, 42 feet, 5 inches.
Broad jump — Rawle, U. H. S., first;
Whitman, B. H. S., second; Mc-
Namara, O. II. S., third. Distance
20:03 feet.
Hammer throw — Moullen, C. S. M.
A., first; R. Titus, S. C. H. S.. second:
Yonker, S. R. H. S., third. Distance
144 feet, % inch.
LICK ATHLETES CAPTURE
THE ACADEMIC FIELD DAY
NEW YORK. Oct. 8.— The leading metals
were in moderate demand at small lots, with
prices as a rule unchanged and steady
Copper — Lake, tV.UiiU 62&: electrolytic
$12 75@13: casting. $12 f2^fil2 72U.
Tin— $28 30023 50.
Spelter— $5 1005 20.
Lead— $4 20®4 30.
Iron — Firm and unchanged from last Quota
tions.
Xew York Metal Market.
The large new steamer M. F. Plant,
belonging to the Oregon Coal and Navi
gation Company, has salied from Phil
adelphia for San Francisco. She will
carry passengers and freight between
this port and Coos Bay.
The Fulton Iron Works is putting
boilers and engines in three new steam
schooners, the Vanguard, the' Cascade
and the Helen P. Drew.
Captain E. Dixon, formerly of the
Canadian steamship companies, is to be
first officer of the Pacific Mail steam
ship Mongolia in place of Officer Hitch
field. Surgeon Meunch of the steam
ship Newport will be succeeded by Sur
geon Husted, formerly of the Pacific
Mail service.
The ship Memphis sailed yesterday
from Valparaiso for San Francisco, and
the Occidental and Oriental liner Doric
from Yokohama for this port.
The Oceanic steamship Ventura is
due from Australia to-morrow, and the
Mariposa from Tahiti Wednesday.
AVatcr Front Xotcs.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant. U. S. N. in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. Jf.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 8. 1904.
A man in whose pockets were papers
addressed to J. Mayett was brought
from 725 Sansome street to the Harbor
Hospital suffering from asphyxiation.
He was found in a room. with the gas
jet turned on. Mayett will recover. It
is thought that he blew out the gas
with. other than suicidal intent.
Mrs.J. Sanguinetta, the proprietress
of a saloon at 526 Pacific street, was
taken to the Harbor Hospital yesterday
afternoon suffering: from asphyxiation.
She has been having considerable trou
ble with her husband. This drove her
to strong drink, and while very much
"under the influence," by accident or
design, turned on the gas before going
to bed. At the hospital she was uncon
scious all afternoon, but the physicians
believe that she will survive.
Cases of Gas Poisoning.
The ship Gaetano Casabono, from
Sydney to Table Bay, out 108 days, 5
per cent reinsurance.
The Russian ship Dorothea, from
Hamlin, Australia, to Falmouth, out
181 days, reinsurance 35 per cent, an
increase of 10 per cent in the last two
days.
The schooner Advance from Gulfport
to La Guayra. Venezuela, Is 66 days
overdue, with 35 per cent reinsurance.
She, was probably lost In the Gulf of
Mexico or Caribbean Sea,
The ship Shakespeare from the west
coast of South America to Barbadoes,
is out 136 days, with 8 per cent rein
surance.
List of Overducs.
Schoolmasters at Banquet.
The quarterly banquet of ths
Schoolmasters' Club was held at the
California Hotel last evening. A. L.
Mann, principal of the Denman
School, presided at the affair, which
v/as attended by about 150 prominent
instructors of the State and represent
ative men in the business world. The
speakers of the evening were Thomas
Magee Jr. and Fairfax Wheelan. for
mer graduates of Harvard, who dis
cussed the advantages and disadvant
ages of college education to business
men.
RECORD BREAKING FIGURE.
NEW YORK. Oct. 8. — Bank of
ficials were much interested to-dav in
the tabulated statement of the clear
ing-house banks, in which it was
shown that the National Bank of
Commerce has a balance to its credit
for the day of J17.426.000. This is a
record breaking figure. No explana
tion was vouchsafed by officers of the
Bank of Commerce, but in other quar
ters the huge balance was believed to
foreshadow some important financial
transactions.
Swipsey (looking over bill of fare
at cheap restaurant) — Boneless
chicken. "Wot's dat?
Muggsy — Ye blame fool, dat's
ch!cken wid de rabbit bones all picked
out'n it. — Chicago Tribune.
The Pacific Mall steamship City of
Sydney sailed yesterday afternoon for
Panama with 2950 tons of cargo, thirty
passengers in the cabin and fifteen
whites and twenty-five Chinese in the
steerage.
The following is the cabin passenger
list:
Mrs. L. L. Smith, D. W. J. Flecken
stein. C. S. Guthrie, A, B. Guthrie, Mr.
and Mrs. G. A. Williams and child, E.
K. Metheon, James Twomey, Mrs. H.
Smith. S. Henry Led, A. Field. A. J.
Scherzer, Charles Mattie, B, Olccrvitch,
Miss Viola Olcovitch, Miss Margaret
Block, Gus Kirsch and wife, Mrs. M.
V. Scovel, A. Lovett and wife, J. M.
Gonzales, F. A. Higby. J. L. Bradbury,
Charles Sheets, J. S. Rios, E. Barnald,
P. Esplnoza and F.* L. de Villa.
Captain McLean took the ship out in
place of Captain Zeeder, her old com
mander.
City of Sydney Sails.
(12CUI Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. S— 5 p. m.
Ths following maximum an<l minimum tem
t>eratur-;s are reported for previous day from
Eastern stations: 1
Boston W-S» Xew York 54-M
Thicago «i()-54 Philadelphia 33>42
Cincinnati fiiM.s Pittsburs HMH.
Jacksonville TM&M. Loins «V,v;
New Orleans. . .Mtsalnjft Washington 54->iO
f AN FRANCISCO «U-5ti
"~ ~ COAST RECORD.
i Illi a i% i
6TATIONSL J 3 g 3 3 3» ? •
? | I : T 8
Baker 2S.74 52 4O SW Cloudy .22
'Carson 2O.K4 54 38 W Cloudy .02
Eureka 20.«fi CS 54 S Cloudy .01
Fresn 29. S2 6U 56 SE Pt.Cldy .24
S.E. Farallon. 20. 7fi 62 .. S Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 2T».«S «O 40 SW Clear .00
Pocatello 2!».7O 6K 44 SW Cloudy Tr
. Independence .2».P« «U 44 S «1oudy .<W
I Los Angeles... 29. RS 7O M S Cloudy .r*\
Mt Tamalpais.2O.72 03 47 SW Foggy .W
North Head... :». 6« Rrt 24 SE triear .0i>
Phoenix 2!>.72 M 58 W Pt.Cldy .00
Point Reyes... 29. 70 6.1 .. S Cloudy .18
Portland 29. «« «2 44 S Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.72 64 52 SE Cloudy .."W
Roseburjr 20. 6« CB 44 SB Cloudy .02
Sacramento ..29.7S 6« W S Rain .«2
Salt Lake 2S>.«2 71? M S Cloudy ."o
Pan Fram:lseo.2».7>» «2 S« SW Cloady .94
San I* Obispo.29.*4 «« 52 S Cloudy .22
San Diego ....29.8« "O 56 SW Clear .0*
S»attl» 2O.«8 fi« 4«» S Cloudy .<X>
Spokane 29.74 49 4« N'B Cloudy .22
Tatoosh 29.64 82 4S B Cloudy .02
Walla Walla.. 20. 70 60 4S B Cloudy .S«
Wlnnemueca .29.74 «0 42 W Rain .0*
Yuma 29. M 62 56 E Cloudy .02
WEATHER CONDITIONS ANT> GOJEHAI,
FORECAST.
Ths storm continues over tn» entire Pactao
Slope, and light rains have fallen from Saa
Diego and Yuma northward. Thunder itorma
have occurred at Red Bluff. Sacramento) and
Fresno.
The changes la pressure have been slight la
all districts.
The temperature l» below ths aoTmal and bu
remained nearly stationary.
High southwest winds art reported from
Northern Arizona, and Southern Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 9:
Northern California— Showers Sunday, freah
southwest wind.
Southern California — Shower* Sunday. UgtA
southwest wind.
Nevada — Showers Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Showera Sunday,
fresh southwest wind.
Los An^elea and vicinity — Showers Sunday,
light southwest wind.
Sacrsmento and vicinity— Showers Sunday.
Fresno and vicinity — Showera Sunday.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
Temporarily In chars*.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ' From. } P"**-
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan jOct. 9
Leelanaw Tacoma Oct. 9
San Mateo... Tacoma '2°*" „
Newburg Grays Harbor OcU "»
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma .... Oct. »
Argo Eel River Ports Oct. 9
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 9
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Oct. 9
Titania Nanalmo Oct. 3
Redondo Portland & Astoria Oct. 10
Chehalis San Pedro Oct - 1 !J
Ventura Sydney A Way Ports.. Oct. 10
State of Cal.. San Diego & "Way Pt». Oct. 1O
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor Oct. io
San Pedro Humboldt jOct. 11
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor !Oct. 11
S.Monica San Pedro Oct. 11
J. Hlgglns... San Pedro Oct. 11
Coaonado Grays Harbor Oct. 11
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 11
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. Oct. 11
Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 11
Bonlta • Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 11
Mackinaw Taooraa Oct. 12
Mar'.posa Tahiti ." Oct. 12
Homer Humboldt iOct. 1.1
Iaqua San Pedro [Oct. 13
Eureka Humboldt (Oct. 13
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports ....IOct. 13
Point Arena.. Mendocino A Pt. Arena 'Oct. 13 ,
Santa Rosa.. San Diego k. Way Pts. |Oct. 13
Corona Humboldt Oct. 14
Rainier Seattle & Belllnsham. . Oct. 14
China China & Japan Oct. 14 '
City Peking.. New York ill Ancon. Oct. IS
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 15
Centralla.... Grays Harbor Oct. IS
Nlcaria Seattle Oct. 15 ,
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordlOct. 16
O. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria JOct. 18
Ammofl I Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 17
Jeanle I Seattle & Tacoma (Oct. 17
Alliance I Portland & Way Ports.lOct. 18
Qu«m Puget Sound Ports |Oct. 1«
San Jose New York via Ancon.. Oct. 19
Aurella | Portland & Astoria Oct. 10
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 9.
Norwood... Seattle direct 3 pm Pier 2
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amIPler 24
S. Rosa s an Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 10. I
C. Nelson.. Lo S Angeles Ports.| 5 pmlPier 20
Chehalis... Oray« Harbor I 3 pmlPler 'i
Eureka. . . . Humboldt ....'. 12 m Pier 13
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Coos Bay. . . San Pe d ro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
' „ . October 11.
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Chlco Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
October 12.
Arctic Humboldt 9 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
October 13.
Iaqua Astoria & Portland 110 ami Pier 2
Redondo... Astoria & Portland! 6 pm|Pler 2
Pomona.... Humboldt Jl:3OplPler 9
Pomo pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Mongolia... china & Japan.... 1 pmjPier 40
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 1 pmjpier 2
October 14. |
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pra|Pier 10
Sequoia TVllIapa Harbor 4 pmiPier 20
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
October 15.
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Newport... N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
October 17.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
October 18. |
Rainier.... Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm!Pier 10
October 19. j
Amer. Maru China & Japan | 1 pnvPier 40
FROM SEATTLE. ~ ~ ~~
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 10
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 10
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Oct. 10
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 13
City Seattle.^ Skagway & Way Ports. JOct. 14
Santa Ana. ..I Seldovia & Way Ports. |Oct. 16
Sun. Moon anil. Tide.
! Stmr Chico. Martin, 72 hours from Bandon.
! via Coos Bay' 54 hours.
Stn-.r Westport Johnson. 10 hours from
Westport.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 30 hours fro.n Eureka.
1 Stmr Arcata, Macgenn 56 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Newport. Corning. 10 hours fm Pigeon
Point, via Halfmoon Bay 4 hours.
Stmr Coos Bay, Johnson 55 hours from San
Pedro.
Schr Del Norte, Franz. 13 days from Sius
law.
CLEARED.
Saturday. October 8.
Stmr Whlttier Dickson, Vancouver via As
toria; Union Oil Co.
Stmr Geo w. Elder Randall. Astoria; S F
St Portland S S Co.
Stmr Montara Rellly. Seattle; Pac Coast S
S Co. '
Stmr Coos Bay, Johnson, San Pedro; Fac
Coast S S Co.
Stmr Alameda Dowdell. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Ancon and
way ports; Pac Mail S S Co.
Bktn Fullerton, MaeKechnle, Portland;
Union Oil Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. October 8.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Asuncion. Bridgett, Redondo.
Stmr Aurella. Erickson. Astoria.
Stmr City of Sydney. McLean. Ancon, etc.
Stmr Pasadena. Henricksen. Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller. Mendoclno, etc.
Stmr Elizabeth. Jensen. Bandon.
8imr Newsboy. Lee. Crescent City. -
Stmr Whltesboro Olsen Greenwood.
Stmr Montara, Reilly. Seattle.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell. Honolulu.
Stm r Celia. Smith. Albion. k
Schr Antelope, Christiansen, RogVie River.
Schr Honolulu. Nielson, Portland.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS — Oct 8, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind S; velocity 14 miles per hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct 3— The International
Mercantile Marine Co has Just received by
cable from Liverpool the following: Sept ltt.
lat 44 30 N, long 51 18 W. derelict floating
deep; very dangerous.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Pomona, he
Oct 7.
Arrived Oct 8 — Schr Fanny Dutard, hence
Sept 27; stmr Homer, hence Oct 7; schr Dora
Bluhm. from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 8 — Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Alliance, for Coos Bay; stmr South
Bay. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence Oct 5.
Sailed Oct 8 — Stmr Redondo for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Nevadan,
from Victoria.
Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Humboldt. for Skagway.
TATOOSH— Passed out Oct 8 — Bark Louis
iana, from Port Blakeley for Redondo.
COO3 BAY— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Signal, he
Oct 6.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 8— Schr Queen,
for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 7— Schr AN
bert Me-ers, for San Pedro; schr Halcyon for
San Francisco. Oct 8 — Stmr G C Llndauer,
for San Francisco; stmr Coronado, for San
Francisco; stmr Olympic, for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Oct 8 — Stmr Bo
nita, for San Pedro. •
SAN PEDRO — Sailed Oct S— Schr Caroline,
for Umpqua; Fr bark Asle. for San Francisco;
stmrs James S Hlggins and Chehalis, for San
Francisco
AVINSLOW— Arrived Oct 8— Schr Alex T
Brown, from San Pedro.
UNION IjANDIXG— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr
Greenwood, hence Oct 7.
. REDONDO— Sailed Oct 8— Stmr Melville
Dollar, for San Pedro and San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Oct 8 — Stmr G C Lln
dauer, for San Francisco; stmr Coronado. for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 8 — Stmr Centralla. hence Oct 5.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 8— Schr Queen,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 7— Br atmr In
drapura. from Yokohama.
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared Oct 7— Stmr M
P Plant, for San Francisco.
Sailed Oct S— Stmr M P Plant, for San Fran
cisco. • -
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 7— Br stmr
Gaelic, hence Oct 1.
Arrived Oct 8 — U S stmr Logan, from Ma
nila for San Francisco.
Sailed Oct S — Bktn Amaranth, for Port
Townsend.
HONOLULU — Sailed Oct 8— Br etmr Gaelic,
for Hongkong and Yokohama; U S stmr Logan,
for San Francisco.
MAHUKON A— Arrived Oct 6— Schr Olga. fm
Redondo.
MANILA— Arrived Oct 6— Bark Prussia,
from Port Gamble.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BAHIA BLANCA— Arrived Sept 23— Br stmr
St Dunetan, from Tyne for Iquique.
LONDON— Arrived Oct 7— Fr bark Amiral
de Cornulier. hence May 8.
PISAGUA — Arrived Oct 7— Br stmr Coyo,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 7— Fr ship
Laennee, from Oregon. •
SINGAPORE— Arrived Aug 30— Br stmr
Queen Alexandra, from Barry for Hongkong;
Sept 28 — Br stmr Hyson, from Tacoma for
Liverpool.
GUAYAQUIL— Arrived Sept 20— Ger stmr
Serbia, from Hamburg for San Francisco
ACAPULCO— Sailed Sept 18— Br ship Arra
can. for Royal Roads.
SHANGHAI— Cleared Sept 26 — Br stmr Vul
can, for Manila.
VALPARAISO — Sailed Oct 1— Ger stmr
Memphis, for San Francisco.
CORONEL— Arrived Sept 23— Ger stmr
Memphis, from Hamburg for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Sailed Oct ti — Br chip Bar
core, for Ipswich.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 8 — Br stmr Doric,
for San Francisco via Honolulu.
ANTWERP — In port Sept 20— Ger ship Ore
gon, for San Francisco.
LEITH— Sailed Oct 7— Ger bark Titania, for
Honolulu.
PISCO— Arrived Oct 2— Schr Blakeley, from
Port Blakeley.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW' YORK— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Cedric,
from Liverpool; stmr La Touralne. fm Havre:
etmr Italia, from Genoa; stmr Etrurla. from
Liverpool.
Sailed Oct 8— Stmr Minneapolis, for London:
stmr Zeeland. for Antwerp via Dover; stmr
Philadelphia, for Southampton via Plymouth
and Cherbourg; stmr Prlnzess Irene, for Na
¦ pies and Genoa: »tmr Campania, for Liverpool
stmr Anchoria for Glasgow; stmr Pretoria for
Hamburg via Dover.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr St Paul
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Cm
brla. from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct S— Stmr Bohemian
for Boston; stmr Armenian for New York"
stmr Celtic, for New York; stmr Lutanla for
New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct S— Stmr Staten
dam. from New York. -
GENOA— Arrived Oct S— Stmr Koenlgen
Lulse, from New York
HAVRE— Sailed Oct 8— Stmr La Lorraine
for New York. *
• MANCHESTER— Sailed Oct 8— Stm r Bosto
nlan. for Boston.
BREMEN— Sailed Oct S— Stmr Maine for
New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct S-Stmr New
York, for New York via Cherbourg
STETTIN— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Nicolal II
for Boston.
LONDON-Sailed Oct S-Stmr Mlnnetonka.
for New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Oct S-Stmr
Coptic, from San Francisco via Honolulu Yo
kohama, etc.
yALPARAISO T SaiIed Oct 4-Stmr Hermon.
this, from Seattle. San Francisco etc for
Hamburg.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr St
Paul, from New York via Cherbourg and Ply
mouth.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 8— Stmr New
York from Southampton for New York
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 8— Stmr Cevic for
New York; stmr Winlfredlan, for Boston.'
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference ia the mean
oi the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
WEATHKR KEPOKT.
TLj Oceanic steamship Alameda,
Captain T. Dowdell, which arrived in
this port September 4, discharged, re
loaded and sailed for the islands yes
terday at 11 a. m. She had a full cargo
and twenty-two passengers in the
cabin.
Miss Louisa Afong, a teacher in the
public schools of Honolulu, is returning
home after a month's vacation on this
coast. She is the daughter of a Chris
tianized Chinese and a Hawaiian moth
er. The passengers are as follows:
Rev. Father Bridge, Rev. Father J.
Grace. Miss G. Bowlen, Mrs. G. F. Bush
and child. Dr. F. E. Clarke, R. Engel,
J. W. Farwell, J. M. Fuller, F. H.
House, G. Kunst, Miss Louisa Afong,
Miss Mary McLean, A. H. Moffitt, Miss
Lucille Smith, Miss M. Stolder, F. A.
Swanscm, Mrs. Swanson, Miss P. Swan
son, Miss Terry, G. J, Waller, Miss
Waller and H. A. Wideman.
LINER ALAMEDA OFF FOR HONOLULU
The Steamship City of Sydney
Sails With a New Commander
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 9. 1904.
46
BOOMS TO LET — run, and TJnfnra..
TEHAMA, 154— Furnished loom? to let.
TEH Alia' ISfr-Furnltbed rooms ti 1st,
TEHAMA, l«_i— Nicely (tmUsned room to l?t.
TEHAMA. 21">'- — Nicely furnished front room;
i*>a^.
TEHAMA. _13'i— Sunny furnished room to let.
TEHAMA. 221^— A nice, sunny furnished
room to let.
THIRD. ~f>— Furnished rooms.
THIRD, 78— Furnished rocms.
THIRD, fc5— Room to let.
THIRD. S7 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD. lf>9 — Room to let.
THIRD, IIS— Room to let.
THIRD. 137— Rocms to let.
THIRD. IS6 — Nice «iunny rocms.
THIRD. 156 — Nice, sunny rooms.
"THIRD. S20— Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 322 — Small front Funny ro<vn.
THIRD. C14', — Furnished rooms. j
THIRD, 444 "j— Furnished room to let.
THIRTEENTH. 40— Front furnished room.
THIRTEENTH. 220, near Howard— Large sun-
ny iront room: newly furnished: lovely sur-
roundings: suitable 1 or 2 gentlemen:. private.
TO let — A furnished room. Apply 411 Fifth
fctr!»«f.
j
TWrNTT-FOURTH. 2021— P.ccm to let.
'XIV EN TV -SIXTH. 3367 — Gentleman; sunny
furnished room in the Mission: $.*>.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — tOO
i-ocmF 35c to *l night. $1 76 to $6 week; elec- •
tn: lights (no gas), running water In every j
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus: baggage. >
' ' = i
VALENCIA, 1175— Rooms to let. |
VALENCIA. 1810 — Flr.e sunny rooms; very j
cheap. i
VAN NESS ave.. 316— Furnished single room; |
good location. i
' — — |
VAN NESS ave.. 1021— Sunny room to let. • j
— — — -
VAN NESS axe., 1100— Furnished rooms. ;
VAN NESS ave.. 1409 — Large front suite and j
sinsle rooms to let.
WALLER. 061— Large furnished room; large i
• loset; use of kitchen. Phone Page 1750.
WARREN APT., eor. Post and Jones'— Ele- j
furnished suite; steam heat; phone; j
_:as and electric lights: bath: elevator; de- j
.idfdly up to date, and for gentlemen only; j
references.
WASHINGTON, 92S — A neatly furnished room; ;
cheap. I
WASHINGTON ave., 7 J i— Furnished rooms to i
J± __ |
WASHINGTON ave.. 12"i— Furnished rooms.
WEBSTER. 711 — One lance back parlor, newly |
furnished: suitable for 2 gentlemen; J9 50.
WERSTER. 1632, near Sutter— Nicely fur- j
niched, sunny front room; new flat; gentle- I
man.
WELSH. I3'i. between Bryant and Brannan — |
*S 5«: three sunny rooms.
¦WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd St.. near Market—
Moct convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
"V to $1 50 night; (2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice |
furn!?hed rooms from ISc per night up. I
ADVERTISEMENTS, ¦otweriptions received at |
Cal! branch ofnV.e. cor.Duncan and Church sts. I
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep- j
tlon of advertisement* and subscriptions has >
been opened at 100S Market St., <-pposite I
Fifth. Open until 11 p. ra. '
KOOMS AND BOA-ELD. !
GOLJ5EN GATE ave., 1U31. near Jeffernon
Park — Furnished rocms: bath: private house; j
good board; S22; two. Srj5 per month.
HAWTHORNE. 18. off Howard, near Third-
Hoard ana room; American family; f 4 5O per j
week. :
———_—___—_____—___—————————————————————————_ |
O'FARRELL. 5*i.*i — Sult» and single sunny |
rnomt; erxxi home cooking; German family. ;
Tel. Larkin 3C7O.
SMALL room, reasonable: gentleman preferred; !
good board near by; references exchanged.
Box 2514, Call effire.
ELLIS, 453 — Nice furnished rooms, with best
French table board; reas. and best location.
ELLIS, 1174 — Double room with first-class j
home board; two young men; *2<) each. <
____—___—_—___—_——_——____-—_—_-__________. i
EDDY, 755 — Room and beard.
EDDT. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park — Fine fura.
sunny rooms; table board; reaa.; new manag.
FTIANKLIN. 151S — S:mny furnished rocms,
m-ith board: private family: phone; bath.
GTiEENWICH. 914— Sunny room, with or with-
out board.
ROWaRD, 841A — First-cla«s board and room,
single or double. S5-(0 wk. ; American family.
JONES. 1010 — Furnished room; excellent board;
marine view.
O'FARRELL. 12G0— Nice neat furnished room,
board if oeelrcd; modern, nice, refined place.
ROOM and board for refined workingmen. 974A I
Howard et. j
.
SANCHEZ. 1241— Front tunny room, with I
board and use of bath; private family. j
--_-------——-—-_—____ ____________ I
Ftevensen Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex, i
K07 California — See rooms, learn prices, try table !
EOOMS AHB BOARD WA-TTEP.
WANTED — Pleasant room and board in
Catholic family by younc lady; state terms
and full particulars. Box 3000. Call office.
YOUNG man would like employment part of
day for room or room and board. Dox 2S46,
Call office
ROOMS With board. 11C1 Turk st.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED — 2 connecting nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms with us? of bath and laundry-
J.15; permanent if suited. Box 2491. Call.
"WANTED — By young msn. a nice sunny room
within walking distance of Southern Paciflc
depot. Box 2541, Call office.
WANTED — Two nouwkeeplng rooms; not over
glS. Box ?523. Call office.
IB WIKO TgACmaXB^ AHD .SOTPLII& j
DON'T think of buying a sewing machine until
you have *«-i the White Grand, which is
two complete machines In one. making both
the lock and automatic flitch. On exblbi- '
' tlon «t the White Co.'s new retail office 815
Market st. ¦
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; beat '
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest sates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds. $3. $5. $8: guaranteed; when th»
dolls swtng in the window. 1(C1 Market at.
ALL kinds wwlng machines rented. r:nain>d-
iow rates. 2244 Mission «t.. near Eighteenth!
Selling out— Twenty fecond-har.il machines-
your own price. !571 Market st., nr. 12ih.
TO LEASE.
SAGE, DEALEV & CO..
CIS MARKET ST.. opp. PALACE HOTEL.
To lease — We will rrect a modern apartment
houwe or hotel of 135 to ITiO rooms <:n 70 foot
frontage, east of LaiUin; building to cult the
. lessee.
To lease— Ready for occupancy; downtown
hot*"!. 7<» rocms. 20 baths: private telephone in
each room: modern In every respect. Apply
SAGE. DEALEV &. CO..
CSS Market «*.. opp. Palace Hotel.
DCILDINGSITO LEASE.
A— Market. 117— S-atorv and basement brick,
r.'ze it ca«-h flwir. 4-""xi:;7 :<i: will give 5-ycar
lease to good trnart. Apply to SPECK &
CCX. 2C3 Montgomery Bt.
STOE.AOE AWD_WABEH<mSJES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture.
household goods 6tored. moved, shipped. 725-
j 731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2fl41; JOHN F. COOPER, prrs.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post arc! Powell ats.; tel. Prl. Ex. 671.
{ COXKLIK'S Storage — Furniture and rnerchan-
; dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
I GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission *t.; tcl. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuos.
PACIFIC Ptoiage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2*tl'O Fiilmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1640. Shipping at cut rate*.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pag*s. In -.rapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
STOP DKIWKIWO.
GUARANTEED cure: »end 80c; tablet fcrm
mailed in clain package; has cured vhou-
fcands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
VXAV1.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
V1AV1 CO., Van N'ees. Phone East 282.
DIVIDEWD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco — At a regular meet-
ing of ihn Board of Directors of this bank,
held October 4, 1904, a dividend for the
quarter year, ending September SO. 1004,
was declared at the rate of seven (T) per
cent per annum, payable on and after the
15th irist. Transfer books will be closed
from the 10th to the 16th lnst., both days
Inclusive. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
San Francieo, Oct. 4, 1904.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. "0. of fifty cents
(50c) per share on the Usurd capital stock
of the company has been declared, payable
at the office of the company, rooms 202. 204
and 20h. Hayward buildlns. San Francisco,
on October 10 1904. Transfer books close
j Oct. 3. 1304. at noon. C. C. Qulnn. Secretary.
STiarTTEiutHr^jiH^sTA^acMEBnra^
I MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and Market.
! cures ; eetab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
I •~--"'--*-*--~^~~'~-*"™ M ™"**™" M
| MARRIAGE LJCENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
festerday: •
James McKenna. 44. Freestone, and Minnie
Thomas, 27 Freestone.
Martin J. Kennedy 29, 2T.5 Ninth street, and
Margaret J. Dlviny 25. 1807 Laguna street.
Germain Faure. 35, Los Banos, and Martha
Vincent, 20 1C20 Howard street.
Pierre IT.' Pon. 36. Johnstonville. and Gra- ,
eisuse lrilarry. 36. 35S Presidio avenue.
August Gustafson. 39. 7U9 Harrison street, <
and Selma Kujala. 2*. 206'^ Ritch street.
Alexander J. Mcajrhcr 25, Mount Hullion.
and Mary A. McMillian. 19. Mount Bullion.
George Melander. 40. city, and Marie Berg- I
lund. 30. «59 Wisconsin etrett.
George J. Roy. 22 8 Nome avenue, and
Minna I. Pfeffer. 20. 8 Nome avenue.
Joseph W. Rogerg, 25. Dayton. Ohio, and
Amy Sllvey. IK Sacramento.
Otto H. A. Miller. 2S. 717 Tehama street,
and Josephine liolill, 25. San Jose.
Julius Levy 21. city and Ruby Clay-
burgh. 21. city.
Jesse Z. Rrunk. 3fi. Santa Rosa, and Cath-
erine J. Hottinger. 24. Santa Rosa.
James M. Baldwin 37. Salt Lake City, and
Edith V. Howard. 23. Oakland.
Michael E. Haker 31. Santa Rosa, and
Elizabeth M. Coughlin. 2S. Troy. N. Y.
Manuel W. Thomas, 23, Vallejo, and Maggie
Morgan. IS Vallejo.
Ralph P. Miller. 43. St. Francis Hotel and
Helen McDonald. 29. Dunedin. New Zealand.
Joseph C. Stillwell, 25, San Joee, and Mae
Mitkel. 21. city.
Bernardo Vlano. 2rt. Point Richmond, and
Domcnica Vlnardi. 17. Point Richmond.
Earl H. Hoerner. 36. Ellsworth, Kans., and
Maude E Estell. 28. Ellsworth, Kans.
lister E. Bigham 24. Spokane. Wash., and
Mabel McFarlln. 21. Forrestvllle.
EIouol Pratt. 48. Baden, and Marie Lerol,
43. city.
Andrea Castagnola, 21, 17R Vandewater
street, and Preszioza Zolezzl. 17. 114 Paciflc.
Joseph Kentra, 40. 4 Rose place and Jo-
hanna Giljevich, 30. 5 Rose place.
Andrea Allamanno. 24, Sonoma, and Vir-
ginia Magllone. 2<>. Sonoma.
William A. Vlckery, 22. 550 Olive avenue,
and Nina Vail. 18. 2S1 Stevenson street.
Luke S. Steed. 22. Presidio and Alice Cab-
bell. 1'7. Junction City. Kans.
John J. Hughes. 21. 2468 Bryant avenue,
and Nellie L. Brown, 21. 231 Fair Oaks street
Ramola Cavallero. 21. 5194 Greenwich
street, and Alvina Bovero. 1!). Oakland.
Kristian Twedall. 2S, 1037 Mason street and
Laura Olsen. 25. 1037 Mason street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of Der-
eon- authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORX.
BLA1XE— In this city. September 30, 1904, to
the wife of R. Elaine, a daughter.
DAVIS— In this city. October 0,. 1904 to the
wife of David Davis (formerly Rose' Silver)
a daughter.
DIEZ— In thi.« city. September IS, 1004 to
the wife of Phillip J. Diez a daughter.
COODSPEED— In this city, October 8 19C4
to the wife of R. C. Goodspeed. a son
GONCALVES— In this city. October 3 1904
to the wife of M. Goncalves. a son.
HANDLEY— In this city, to the wife of James
-M. Handley, a son.
HARGENS— In this city. September 30 1904.
to the wife of E. J. Hargens. a daughter.
MARTIN— In this city. October 5. 1904, to the
wife of W. V. Martin, a daughter.
MILLER— In this city. October 7. 1904 to the
wife of F. E. Miller, a daughter.
OBRAM— In this city. October 7. 1904. to the
wife of T. G. Obram. a daughter.
O'CONNOR— In this city. September 25 1904
to the wife of William J. O'Connor a son'
O'KEEFE— In this city. October C. 1904 to
the wife of M. J. O'Keefe (nee Swall)
a son. "
OLDHAM— In this city. October 2. 1904 to
the wife of Charles W. Oldham. a daughter
PAGE— In this city. September 30. 1904, to
the wife of Elmer E. Page a son
VESTNYS— In this city, October 5, 1904 to the
w fe of Walter Norman Vestnya (formerly
Elsie Huntoon). a daughter. ~T"
WALCOTT— In this city, September ">7 i»ru
to the wife of Ed P. Walcott a Tdaughter^'
WHELAN— In thta city. October 3. 1904 to
the wife of John J. Whelan. a son.
MARRIED. ™
Xl.RNBERGER— PURVIANCE— In this citv
October 6. 1904. by the Rev. George W
u hite. pastor of Central M. E. Church Rob -
!3. t K Nu / n T berK , er , and Lo^sa W. Purvlance.
both of Lovelocks, Nev. •-"«;,
SARCANDER— SWIFT— In this city SeDtam
, b Jf r V «|W. by the Rev. Henry h! WymTn
Charles H. Sarcander and Catherine V
Swift.
ST i° R^r DA Tr' CY ~i n thIs city - October 5. 1904
by the Rev. Father Maximilian. James
Story and Anne Darcy. both of San Fran-
~~~~ DIED.
Albajer. Ernest F. Haneen. Helen B
Barney. George F. Holtmeier. Henry
Ratterton, Sadie J. Kelley. Howard D
Bowman. George S. Kruse. Mary
Burke. John Leyner. Christina
Burns. Julia Lobree. Ellas
Cuneo. Hlppolytr McCarthy. Philip J. -
Curren. Marie E. Pouyal, John
Davis. Augustus Scully, Paul A.
Davis. Mrs. Esther Sorenson. Jenslni> P.
Dcming Edmund O. Smith. Rev. Dr W B*
Engel, Edna E. Stockfieth. Peter 6 '
Gefclien. Edward Turnbull, Kitty
Gerdlng. Henry Whally, William
Hammers. Henrietta Whelan. infant
ALBAYER— In th!s city. October 8 1904
Ernest F., beloved son of Bert and Melvlna
Albayer. a native of San Francisco, aged
4 months and 21 days.
BARNEY— In this city. October 8. 1904 George
Franklin, dearly beloved eon of Frank and
Etta Barney, and brother of Hattle and
HENRY J. CALLACH£ft CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmer*
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple
NOW at SCO MISSION. Tel. South 16T
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates. *
j r 4 3. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 31
I &0NAHAN. O'HARA & CO.'
1 FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
2339-2311 Mission St., near Nineteenth, *
j San Francisco.
; JaniCH McGinn. Henry Hansen. f
JAMES McGINN & CO.. I
Formerly With McGinn Bros. I
— Funeral Director* and Embalmers—-- I
214 Eddy bt. Tel. South 576. " I
OCEAN TRAVEL.
,^ff"«C Steamers leave Broadway
j£8^~ m^§m\ ¦wharve* iDters 9 and 11),
/f%l S an Francisco:
/4/TTJ \-*\ For K^tchlkan. Wraagel,
I I XWrXi 1 I Jl "» cau . Treadwelis Halnes.
I V \lw^__/ I Skaguay, etc., Alaska— U
V*_S. \l ytfJ *• **•• October 12. 17. 22. 27.
VJfvJL^^/Oy Nov. 1. Changs to t-da com-
N^f«»«<*/ paxiy's steajnem at Seatt!«.
For Victoria, Vaacoa-'er.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes. South Belllneham. Belllngham — 11
a. m.. Oct. 12, 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Cnaag» at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-*
and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.ji
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>-^-Pomona. _:_•
p. m.. October 13. 1», 25. 31. Nov. ft. Corona.
1:30 p. m., October 4. 10. 16, 22. 28. Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via, Port Lcs Angeles aad
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. B a, m.
For Los Angelea (via San Pedro and *Gast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, Fan Simeon, Cayucoa. Port Harford. (Saa
Luis Ohlspo). Ventura and Hutntme.
Bonita, 9 a. m-. October 14. 22. 3O. Nov. T-
Coos Bay. 9 a, m.. October 10, 18. 2fl, No-. 3L
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jon del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to chang- steamers or sailing dates.
TZCXST OrriCXS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market »t..and Broad-
way wharves, rreijrht Office, 10 Market at.
C. D. DU.NANX, General Passenger Ag-nt.
( 10 Market St.. Saa Francisco.
The Paciflc Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter «rt.. wGl
call for and check baggage from hotel* and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
mmm ____ \
<ORTENTAI» STEAMSHIP Cf3L>
Steamers will leave Pactflo Mall wharf, «-r~
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. tor
YOKOHAMA and HONGKOSO. ealUa* «_
Kobe (Hiozo). Nagasaki and Shanghai aad
connecting at Hongkong with steamer, far
India etc. No cargo received oa board en 4aj>
°s! martx
¦Wednesday, October It. tMt
Via Honolulu— Round-trip tickets at T*doc«4
rates. For freight and passag* apply at CM_>
nany's office. 421 Market street, corner Pl—rt.
W. H. AVERT. Qenral Ag»nt.
oceanic$.sxo.E£_?«
a S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 8. It a. a
8. 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 20. U a.mT
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 20, 2 p. ra.
J.D.SP_ECXELS_B20S. Ca, AztSL.TlClSt OfflGS 50XU-
_2L rrciflt Offlce 329 Maihi st, Pig 7. Paci-s st
C0X?A6HR eSllIBALX TXAHSATIu-HTIQ-S.
DIRECT IASTS TO HAVRE-PAR13 , r>rm
Sailing every Thursday Instead o£ *JOr_cSV
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. »*»«."
North River, foot of Morton at,
Ftr.t class to Havre. 170 and upward. Ss«-
ond class to Havre. $45 and vpward. G_Cf-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AXO
CANADA. 32 Broadway {Hudson buildla*>.
New York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agent*. 5 Mcntgc— tery avenue. San Francisco
Ticket- «old by all Railroad Tiekt Ag-nta
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Leaves 8. F.. Clay at,. N* end of Ferry bide
daily 9:30 a. m.. 3 and *S p. m. Sunday-.
9:30 a. m.. 8 p. m.. leave Vallejo dally «:M
a. m., 12:20 and 5:30 p. m. Sundays 5 p. m.
Fare 23c. P. A. O. Co. Phone Mala Mi.
¦Saturdays excepted.
Tor V. S. Xfarr Tard and Valtejo.
Strs. General Friable. Montlcello and Arrow,
9:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 8 p.m.. 8:20 pl
m Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:43 a»m.,
12:30 p.m.. « p.m.. 8:30 pm. Leave Vallejo, 1
a.m., 9 a.m.. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m.. ft p.m. Bun*
days. 7 a.m.. 9 a-m., 3:20 pm.. 6 p.m. Pier 2
ft. Utuion st.; phont Mala 1504. HATCH BROS
Nellie Barney, a native of California, aged
j 2 years 0 months and 1 day. v
1 BATTERTON— In this city, October 7. 19W.
• Sa<i!e J. M. beloved daughter of William H.
and the late Margaret (Castle) Uatterton.
and loving sister of William H.. Elsie. James
and John Batterton. Mrs. E. Cordero. Mrs.
W. Kustor and Mrs E. Laymet. a native or
Colma. San Mateo County, aged 2tJ yeans ¦
months and 15 days.
CTFritnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at S:30 a. in., from her late resi-
dence, 572 Ivy avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BOWMAN— In this city October 8. 1901.
George Scott Bowman, beloved son of
Thomas and Catherine Bowman, and brother
of Eliza D., Thomas M. and Harriet S.
J liowmin, a native of San Francisco,' agci
I $ years 5 months and 1 day.
BUP.KE— In the City and County Hospital.
October 8, 1904. John Burke, a native of
Ireland, aged 66 years.
BURNS— In this city. October 8, 1904. Julia
Burns, wife of John D. Burns, mother of
the late John Burns, and sister of Ellen Hal-
lisey. a native of Cork, Ireland, aged 27
years.
CUNEO— In this city. October S. 1904. Hip-
polyte Cuneo, dearly beloved husband of
Julia A. Cuneo, and father of Eva, Blanche,
Albert. Ruby. Edith and Hazel Cuneo and
Mrs. A. D. Layne, and brother of M. Cuneo,
Mrs. A. E. Walton and Mrs. J. Ancel. a
native of Calaveras County, Cal., aged 42
year- 4 months and 24 days.
(CFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. October 1O, 10O4, at 1 p. m., at
his late residence 604 Clement avenue, cor-
ner of Sixth avenue, Richmond district. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURREN— In this city. October 7. 1904, Marie
£.. beloved wife of the late Joseph Curren.
and mother of Mrs. W. H. McShane. W. W.
Curren and the late Mrs. C. L. Wood, a
native of New York, aged 71 years.
DAVIS— In the City and County Hospital. Oc-
. tober «. 19O4, Augustus Davie, a native Of
North Carolina, aged 61 years.
DAVIS— Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the unveiling of the
monument erected to the memory of the late
Mrs. Esther Davis, in Hills of Eternity Cem-
ttery, to-day (Sunday), at 2 p. m.
DEM1NG— In this city, October 7 1904 Ed-
mund Orr. beloved husband of Clara J." Dem-
ing, and father of Mary D. Smith. Alice L.
and Adelaide M. Denting and Edmund O.
Demlng Jr., a native of Shelbyvllle, Ind.,
aged 71 years 9 months and 26 days.
(CTFtiends are invited to attend the fu-
neral services Sunday. October 9 at 2 p. m.
at his late residence, 748 Ellis street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ENGEL— In this city. October 8, 1904. Edna
Emma Engel. dearly beloved and youngest
daughter of Albert and Alvlna Engel and
loving sister of Max, Martha Doraihea. and
Francisca Engel. a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 8 days.
GEGHEX— In this city, October 8, 1904 Ed-
ward, beloved husband, of Agnes Geghen,
and loving father of Gertrude Agnes, Oli-
vette. Edward Lloyd and Robert Geghen. a
native of Athlone, County Roscommon Ire-
land, aged 39 years 3 months and 23 days.
OTrie-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the, parlors
; of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem mass wJll be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GERDING— In this city, October 3 1904 Henry
Gerding, beloved son of the late Llzzetta
Oerdlng. a native of Hunteburg, Hanover
Germany, aged 35 years. '
HAMMERS— In this city. October 7, 1904
Henrietta Elizabeth, beloved wife of Albert
Hammera. and mother of Mrs. A. F. Brown,
Mrs. A. Klselich, Mr-. S. Negodlch and
: Fred, Albert, William, Edward and Georgie
Hammers, a native of Louisiana, aged 54
years.
IE7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), October 9. at 1 p. m., from the
parlors of McAvcy & Co., 12.I9 Market
street, near Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
1 HANSEN— In this city, October 6. 1904, Helen
E. Hansen. dearly beloved daughter of Anna
i and the late Captain Frithjof Hansen, and
sister of Soohle, Slgna. Lily and Arthur
Hansen, a native of Norway, aired 19 years
and 3 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), October 9, at 2 p. m., from the
residence of her mother, 1C0 Precita avenue.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HOLTMEIER— In this city, October 7. 1904,
Henry, beloved husband of Eliza Holtmeler,
and father of H. L. and Thomas L. Holt-
meler and Mrs. M. Russell, a native of
Prussia. Germany, aged 75 years.
CTThe funeral will take place Tuesday,
October 11. at — o'clock, from hU late resi-
dence. 2310 Union street. Interment private.
KELLEY— In this city. October 6. 1904, How-
ard D., infant son of Charles A. and Lennle
Kelley. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
yeai 10 months and 2 days.
KRL'SE-In this city. October 8. 1904. Mary,
beloved wife of Ernest Kruee. and mother of I
Sarah. Isabel, Ernest and Helene Kruse a (
native of New Jersey. |
LEYNER— In Oakland, October 6, 1904,
Christina I>eyner. b»loved mother of Mrs.
Mary Ehlert (nee Simpson) and the late
Johanna and Augusta Leyner. and grand-
mother of Edward Johnson and John Ehlert.
a native of Germany, aged 72 years 8 months
and 17 days.
(E7Frlends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 9, at 2 p. m.. from Leltch & Hen-
derson's parlors. Eighth and Broadway. In-
terment Evergreen Cemetery.
LOBREE— In this city. October 6, 1904, Elias.
dearly beloved husband of Cella Lobree,
father of Floyd Lobree, son of David Lo-
bree, and brother of Mrs. M. Aronson, Mrs.
Frank Mordecal and Deborah. Aaron, Luclen,
Victor and Judith Lobree. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 33 years 5 months and 11 days.
(Ukiah papers please copy.) ¦¦ I
(T-TFuneral services Monday. October 10, '
1904. at 9:30 a. m.. at his father's resi-
dence, 4111 Seventeenth street. Pleaae omit
flowers. Interment strictly private. Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city. October 8 1904,
Philip J. McCarthy, beloved brother of Cor-
nelius and Robert J. McCarthy, a native of
Boston. Mass, aged 63 years.
_7Remalns at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
POUYAL — In this city, October 7, 1904. John
Pouyal. beloved husband of Marie Pouyal,
and father of Alfred, Florence and the late
Raymond Pouyal. a native of France, aged
65 years and C months.
CyFr'ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 0. at 12:30 p. m., from hi- late
residence, 15 Cedar avenue, off Larkin street,
between Post and Geary, thence to French
Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolre* for
services. Interment Holy Cross) .jtefnetery. .
SCULLY— In this city. October »; 1904. Paul
Arthur, dearly beloved son of M. C. and
Annie Scully, a native of Park City. Utah,
aged 11 years 1 month add 22 days. (Seattle,
Butte. Mont., and Park City papers please
copy.)
IC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8 a. m., from St. Ignatius
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his eoiil.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
SOREXSON— In this city. October 7, 1904,
J«n«tne Petrea Sorenson, dearly beloved wife
of Richard Sorenson. and mother of Dora,
Laila, Greb*rt and Frene Sorenson, a native
of Denmark, aged 35 years 11 months and
2 day*.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday!, October 9. at 1:15 p. m., from her
lale residence, 30 Bluxome street, between
Fourth and Fifth, thence to Mlzpah Pres-
byterian Church, Harrison street, near Fifth,
where s-irvlres will be held, commencing at
2 d. m. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. October 8, 1904. Rev.
Dr. W. E. Smith, .beloved husband of Annie
T Smith, and father of Mary A. Thompson,
William E. Jr. and J. Val. Smith and Grace
P. Bristol, a native of New York, aged Cl
years 11 months and 5 days.
(ETFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
'to-day (Sunday), at 1 :?.O p. m., at Masonic
Temple. Post and Montgomery streets. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
STOCKFLETH — In Napa. October 8. 1004,
Peter O., dearly beloved husband of Annie
Stockfleth. and father of George H., Mary
U and John Walter 8tockfleth, aged 53
years 11 months and 8 daya.
•KJRNBULL— In this city. October 8. 1904. at
her residence. 38 Bruce place. Kitty, wife of
Thomas Turnbull, loving mother of Lloyd
• and Grace Turnbull. sister of Mrs. Edward
Rodger*, and daughter of the late John
Rellly and Catherine Cunningham, a native
of San Francisco, aged 20 years.
WHALLY — In Alameda. October 7, 1904. Wil-
liam Whally, father of Ernest. Gertrude,
Mabel. Frank. Elale and George Whally and
' Mrs. James B. Watson, a native of. Lan-
cashire, England, aged 5S years 10 months
and 28 days.
1C7" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 9. 1904, at 10 a. m.. from Masonic
Hall, corner of Park street and Alameda ave-
nue. Alameda.
WHELAN— In this city. October 3. 1904, infant
' son of John J. and Bessie Whelan.
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to express our gratitude to the
many kind friends and neighbors who gave
so many evidences of their sincere and com.
fortlng sympathy and beautiful floral offer-
ing* during the sad hours of bereavement of
our loved son, Edward J. Mullln. aged 18,
who departed thla life last Tuesday.
MR. and MRS. P. MULLIN, 1703 Castro
street.
Owing to restrictive legislation, the
drought and Jtrade depression 676
Chinese left Australia last year, and
only sixty arrived from China..Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran*
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 281 40O Crown Point. 14
10O Andes 27 1W Exchequer .. 53
50O Belcher 25; 500 Mexican 1 2.1
1000 Bullion 25! 100 Ophir 2 50
100 Caledonia ... 65: 10O Overman. 20
1C0 Chollar 22| 4C0 Sierra Ney .. S3
100 Con C A Va.l S0|. 70O Union Con «. 49
1200 Con C & Va.l 85! 40 Utah 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Oct. *— 12 ra."
Btd.Ask.| Bid, Ask.
Alpha 20 21 Julia OH 10
Alta 07 0^1 Justice 09 10
Andes 2S 29!Kentuck 05 CO
Belcher 34 3*! I Lady Wash .. C5~~PJ
Best & Belch. 1 30 1 05 Mexican 1 35 T-fO
Bullion 24 231 Occidental ... 75 SO
Caledonia ... 54 361 Ophir 2 53 2 C.
Challenge Con 25 26 Overman 20 "2
Chollar 22 23 Potosl IS 19
Confidence . .1 00 1 10| Scorpion C3 CO
Con C St Va.l 95 2 00! Savage 27 ;:$
Con Imperial. 01 02! Stg Belcher .. 11 13
Con N Y Fm( fSi Sierra Ner ..41 42
Crown Point. 15 16! Silver HIH .. SS 55
East Sierra N CO 06! St Louis .... OS —
Eureka Con.. — 50! Syndicate .... 03 f 5
Exchequer .. 54 561 Union Con .. 52 ":
Gould & Cur. 24 2!U Utah 12 13
Hale & Norc. 61 €51 Yellow Jacket. 25 2U
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco end Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
ICO Cent Eureka.1 35| 100 Sandstorm ... 25
200 Esperama ... 021 50O Ton Oold M.. IS
SCO Goldfleld Sll. 18! 200 Ton Midway.. 4tJ
ICO MacNamaxa . 371 50<> Ton Midway. . 43
BtiO Red Top .... 13| 2CO Ton of Nev.S 12'.J
Mil Rescue ...... llllOCO.Tdn N Star.. 15
10O Rescue 12: 1500 Ton N Star.. 11
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
Eld. Ask. f Bid. Ask.
Adams Gold.. 10 11 Mlrpah Exten 07" —
Coleban — 051 Mont Ton...l 87fe 1 OS
Columbia 25 26! N Y Ton — oS
TMamontffleld 43 — I Paymaster ... 0.1 04
Esperanza ... 01 - C2! Pine Grov« . . 1O '¦ —
Eula Con .. <U — I Ray Exten... C5 OS
Goldfield Blue 00 — | Ray & O-Brien OR 10
Goldfield Bull 15 — fRay Tonopah. OS —
Goldfield Nev 6.S TO I Red; Top 15 . —
Goldfield M-. IS 16' Rescue 10 11
Goldfield Sil. — 1SI Sandstorm ... 2fi 2^
Goldfleld Ton 11 — ! Ton Belmont. . C, 61
Gold M Con.. — O2iTon Exten . .1 «5 —
Hannapah ... — lOiTon Gold M. 14 1«
Hannaoah M. 10 — (Ton Midway.. 44 4R
Hazel Kirk .. — 121 Ton of Nev.S 00 8 12H
Jim Butler .. 40 COtTon N Star.. 13 IB
Jumbo 74 — I Utopia 10 —
Little Ton .. -23 —I West End ... W . IT
MacNamara . 3(> 3~^
I There Is no doubt but that Coffee has had and
¦ still has marvelous support whether or not Its
believers'ara to be eventually proven right or
wrong. . ¦ • • ..-'¦•
"To-day'e first-hand stock consists of'1426
bags Costa Rica. 506 Nicaragua. 12.263 Salva
dor. 26.03U Guatemala. 784 Mexican and 5612
various;- m all 46.729 bags.
. "Deliveries from first hands since the 6th
ult. lncluds: 144 bags Costa Rica. 131 Nica
ragua, 24B1 Salvador, 0578 Guatemala. 131 Mex
ican and 29»S various: in all 15,433 bags.
"Market closes weak-." • •
Costa Rica—Nominal; 14gl5>ic for strictly
prim* to fancy washed; 12S@l^Vic for prime
washed: lHi«12Hc for good washed: lmfiV-'c
for good to iirlme washed • peatrerry; lO^llc
for good to prime peaberry; ll!&12^3C for good
to prime; D^ilOVic for fair; ~Vi<&S\ic tor com
mon to ordlnarv.-
Salvador—13W14C for fancy washed, nominal;
12@12»4c for strictly prime washed, nominal:
10ViQll»ic fcr good to prime washed, nominal:
IXftlOc for fair washed; 9»;@llUc for fair to
prime washed pcaberry; D-^ltflOlic for good to
prime semi-washed; 0%@i0c for superior un
washed; 9tte for good green unwashed: Offft^ic
for good to superior unwashed peaberry; 3%©
7%c <pr Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua—Nominal: ll%@13^c for prime
•to fan.y washed: 9H@10%c for fair to strictly
good washed; SHfiSfto for good to superior
unwashed; OfiOUc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican—13^0150 for fancy
washed, nominal; ll*i©l.TUc for prime to
strictly' prime washed, nominal: 10*i§lHic
for strictly good washed; lOUsilO'.ie (or good
washed; s)(S>10c for fafr wanhed; S@S%c for
medium;'&%SI?ic for inferior to ordinary;
10U®HHc for good to prime jvashed peaberry;
0f?9?ic for good to prime unwashed peaberry;
OJJlOc for good to superior unwashed.
, ¦'. V : "Receipts of Produce.
. FOR SATURDAY. OCTOBER S.
Flour, qr sks .. 19.C82I Hops, bales ... 2.049
Wheat, ctls '... 7,9«9! Shorts sfcs .... 200
Barley, ctls ... 15.824'Wool, bales ... 2«3
Corn, ctls ..... S«9 Tallow ctl.« .... 225
Rye ctls 65! Leather, rolls .. 127
neans sks 5.617lHides. No 544
Potatoes, sks .. 2.074 1 Pelts. No 1,310
Onions, sks ... 2.021! Lime, bh'.s .... 1S2
! Bran, sks 395'Wine, gals .... 2S.05O
I MMdl!n*s. ¦ sks.. ftlll P»w«i«r. car ..... 1
iHay. tons 6021 Susrar. ctls .... 440
• WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. 4,220!Flaxseed. sks.... 2,200
Oats. ct!s 11.235!
WESTERN.
Corn, ctla ..... S3l! .., •
STOCK MARKET.
The Week Closes Quietly, With Xot
Many Clianges.
Trading on the Stock and Bond Exchang*
was dull, with no variations worthy of note.
The oil stocks were neglected- The Corn
stock mining shares became auddenly active
lust before the close and finished the day at
an advance. a& will be seen.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 18.410 shares, valued at $11,507. the
leading aaltb beln? as follows: Independence,
TOCO shares; Monte Cristo 1600; Oil City, 6.100;
Occidental, 800; Four. 800; Apollo. Claremont
and Junction. 5C0 each.
Ex-dlvidend yesterday: Esperanza Oil. 01c.
The West .Comstock Mining Company of Vir
ginia City. Nev.. has levied, an assessment of
5 cents p*r share, delinquent November 13.
The output of the Ophir mine last week
amounted to 140 mining car loads of ore. as
saying $21 86 per ton.
The South San Francisco Dock Company
has levied an assessment of $3 per share, de
linquent November 10.
The twenty-second annual meeting of th»
Stock and Bond Exchange will be held to
morrow.
The dividend recently declared by the di
rectors of the Nevada National Bank, payable
October 15. is quarterly, not semi-annual.
The rate IS 1% per cent, or 7 per cent per
annum.
Central Eureka Mining Company has de
clared a regular monthly dividend of 5c ptr
share, amounting to $C0,COO. payable Octo
ber 13.
Late assessments are: W«st Riverside. 350-
Inch Water Company. $10. delinquent Octo
ber 15; Hllo Water Company. $1O. October
21; Western Fuel, Gas and Power Company,
10c. November 6.
STOCK AXD BOXD EXCHAXGE.
SATURDAY. Oct. 8—12 m.
UNITED STATES B0ND3.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..lOC%10«%|4s qr ep new.l31N132^i
4s qr reg-.-lOC^lOG^ISs qr coup... 103^10(1
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co Cs.125
Asso Oil 5a. 73U — Do 5s 111% 113
Bay CPC 6s.I01V»102 Do con 6s.lO2 1C3
Cal C G 5s.1U2«i — I Oceanic 3 6s. — —
Cal O & E g ! Om Cable 6s.l20U
m * ct 5s. sm 81%I Pac G Im 4s. — 07
Cal-st C 5s.ll2^ — IP E Ry 5s.. — 105U
C C Wat 5s. OS — IP & C II 6s.lM —
EdL ic P 6s. 123 125 IPiOR Cj.114U115
F & C H Cs. — — IPowell-st 6«. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 50 \ — I Sac EG&R5s.lOO "lOl
H C&S 5Vis.lO5' — JSF & SJV5S.116T. —
Do 6s OSH — I Sierra R 6#.lltU
Hon. R T 63.107% — I S P of A (Is
L A Eleo 5s. — 104. (1809) 108U —
L A Ry &S..114H — (1010) 103H
LALCo6s— — S P of C Cs
Do gtd 6s. — — (19rt3)Sr A.IOO141OI?:
¦Do gtd 5a. 100 — (ltK55)Sr B.lDoii
LAP lem 3S.102 — (1WW) .....10S«4l04t4
Mkt-st C Cs:115 — (1012) 113« —
Dolcm 5s.ll4 • — SPC 1 eg 6S.117U
MVfc MtT5s.lO5 — Do Btampd.10941 —
NRR of C6s.l0« IO614 S P n R 6s.l31 —
Do 6s 117 — S V Wat 6«.104H
N P C R 53.106 — Do 4s 2dm.lOO<i
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 99U _
N C P C Hi. — 0O Do g mtjc4« 03 Ti
•N S R R 6s. — lC2^s Stkn G£E6s. 9.1 —
O G L&H 5s. — 110i; U G & E 5s.lO2»4 —
O W gtd 5s. — 1C0 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 36 |Port Co«ta... —
Marln Co... — CO |S V-Wat Co. 33 35%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. ZVx 4 ISFC&B. W?i-
Mutual E L. 10 12 Stkn G A B. — 314
Pac L Co... 5S«i 60*4! U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrcm's Fnd. — SSO I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 IL P & A....150 —
Anglo-Cal ..84 87 Mer Trust.,.. — 233
Bank of Cal.420 423 I Merch Ex.... 50 56V;
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 IS F Nationl. — —
First Nattonl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — i Sav & L So.. — 100
Hum S & 1: — — I Sec Sav-Bk.. — 424
Mut Sav Bk. — 100 Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.615 — j
STREET RAILROAD3.
California .. 106^200 | Presidio — 42V4
Geary — 40 I
POWDER.
Giant C4U 64>,*l Vlgorlt — 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 65 — Makawel! C.. 23% —
Honokaa S C 15 15% Onomea S C. 27* 29
Hutch SPC 094 10 Paauhau S C. 15ft 13H
Kilauea S C. - .4JS •
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 127 12S | Oceanic S Co. 2!4 3
Cal F C A. 99?ilOO Pac Aux FA. 4^ —
Cal Wine A. 83 81 Pac C Borx.156 157%
MV& MtTm. — 105 Pac S Tel Co.112 113
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
6 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 64 87l£
200 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 63 CO
120 Spring Valley Water Co 3S 12V4
$1,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5a 103 00
Street —
60 Honokaa S Co 13 12U
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 9 87Vj
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
B L Wat 6s. 113 llSVals P C R 4s.lOUilC2
Gal N\V 6s..110 •*- IS P Co 4Vis.l01H102
M C Wat Ss.100 — Sun Tel 6s...m
Rls I Wks 5s — 105 I Suttr-st R5s.lO4 —
SF Drdk 5s.ll2 — UR of SF 4s. S3 83U
SF & NP us. 112 I •
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 2S% L«n& SF Bk. — CO
Amer Bi3 Co — 00 Mat Nav Co. — S9 T;
Cal Cot Mlla 80 — Nev Nat Bk.193 —
Cal G&ECor. 46% 43 N S U P. Co. »«
C Jockey CI.II2V3 — N CaJ P Co. — 914
Cal Powder.130 145 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 75
Cal T I & T. —. 155 IOOF Half A Ctt —
Cen Bk. Oak — ' t'5 Orpheum Co.. — 1314
Chutes Co.. 5& 6 PacC Cas Co.123 -_
City & C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co.lCS
Cyp L Imp.. — ««4 Paraf Paint.. 30 —
East Dynm.. — 375 | S F Drydock — 63
DpntPwd pfd — 87^ SF&SJ Coal.. 17H 20
Do com .. 30 3">i!S J Wat Co.lOflU
FN Bk, Oak.120 — SO & MT«bt.l25 -_
Fischer Tlur 05c 33c I Swiss-A Bk..H3 •
Frnch-A P.k.lCS — | Truck Elect.. — 13
Gas Con A.. 1615 20 |UR InC pfd. 56% _
Hono P Co.. 24 — | Do com ... 12U —
Do pool ... 20. 23 i i t
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
.O' 1 Stocks— Bid. Aiked.
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Certlflcates. IB . , ~> zi
ioir^.:::::::::::::::::: i —^
Home x 23
imperial ..- 17 «0
Independence 27 2»
Junction 02 (xi
Kern (old) 4 60 4 «o
Kern River l" 50
Monte CrWto ".. .no " its
OH City Petroleum .54 67
Senator M>
Sovereign 23 •>¦*
Sterling 3 m
Tbirty-Thre*....;... , %
Twenty-eight 10 00 !•» CO
Miscellaneous — . ' . .
Chutea Company .','.'.. 7 00
Cypress Lawn Imp : Co...'..;•' « 75
Fi8cher*a Theater -3
Northern Cai Power 8 75 • " 8 5O
' SALES.'.
Momlne Session. ••••;''
¦lCOOOll City Petroleum 53
Bar silver—Quiet. 26%d per ounce.
Money—1@1% per cent.
The rate of discount ln the open market for
short bills is 2 ll-16#2ifc per cent and for
three months' bills i'A&lVi per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.—To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $152.082.153; gold. $77,096,004.
Xew York Cotton Market.
1 NEW YORK, Oct. S.'-Cotton futures opened
steady. October, 10.04c; November, 10.11c; De
cember, 10.10c; January, 10.22c: March, 10.31c;
April, lO.Mc Md; May, 10.38c.
Cotton futures closad steady. October,- 10c;
November. 10.O4c; December. 10.11c: January.
10.16c; February. 10.20c; March, 10.21c; April.
10.25c: Hay. 10.27c. .
.Spot closed quiet. Middling: uplands, 10.45c;
middling gulf, 10.70c. Sales, none.
Xew York Grain and Produce. •
NEW YORK. Oct. S.—FLOUR—Receipts,
26,SCO bErrels; exports, 5S0O barrels; sales,
24CO packages. Steady, but quiet: Minnesota
patents. $6 10@« 45: Minnesota bakers'. $4 tiO
ft4 8a; winter patents, $5 45@5 75; winter
etraights. $5 20@3 45; winter extras, $3 45®»
4 10; winter low grades, $3 25@3 80.
WHEAT—Receipts, 26,000 bushels. Spot quiet
but firm; No. 2 red, $1 15tt f. 0. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth, $1 2O',i f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened firm on higher Liverpool cables
and reported unfavorable weather in Australia
and Argentina. Prices advanced on covering
and foreitn demand, which later turned to
selling, in the absence of advices from Chi
cago. St. Louis, Toledo and Detroit local ope
rations were email and the market closed
; quiet, but firm, and lHc net higher. Sales in
cluded No. 2 red May. $1 11 3-lC@l 11?»;
i closed $1 11%; December, $1 12»;®1 13^!.
¦ closed $1 13? B.
HOPS—Firm; State, common to choice, 1004.
, 20@37c; 1903, 2S336o; oldi. 14@18c. Pacific
; Coast. 1904, 20§33c; 1003. 27®37c; olds, 14®
HIDES—Firm; California. 21 to 25 pounds,
19c.
WOOL—Firm; domestic fleece. 32@35c.
PETROLEUM—Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot, steady; No. 7 Invoice, 8%c.
Mild, steady. Cordova. 101?13c.
Coffee futures closed five points lower. Sales,
45.250 bags. Including October, 6.50c; Decem
ber. <3.70<3e.75c; March 7.0C®7.05c; May, 7.15
@7.SCc: Julj: 7.30f?7.35c. ¦ ¦
SUGAR—Raw, quiet; fair refining. 3»ic; cen
trifugal, 06 te?t. 4 5-lCc; molasses sugar, 3^c.
Refined, <iulet; crushed, 6.75c; powdered, 6.15c;
granulated. 6.05c.
BUTTER—Unchanged. '
CHEESE—Unchanged.
EGGS—Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The demand
shows no improvement. Old fruit is pretty well
cleaned up and moderate offerings on new crop
are telling slowly. Common are quoted at
4Q4Uc; prime, 4«i@5c; choice, 6ii®«c; fancy,
6~i®7c.
PRUNES—Show no change, with the more.
desirable sizes running firm and the general
rang* unchanged at from 2c to 8%c. according
to srade.
APRICOTS—Are in a strong position and
the tone of th« market favors price. Choice
are quoted at O^c: extra choice, 10^i©10>ic.
and fancy at 11 ir 13c.
PEACHES—Are In limited supply and held
firmly, with choice quoted at 8U®9Vao; .extra
choice at S a 4@0c. and fancy at 9&c.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Oct. 8—Total Imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at th« port of
New York for the week ending to-day were
valued ut $12,r>51.!<S8.
Exports of specie, from New York for the
week were $16,400 gold and $464,501 silver.
Imports of specie at New York during th*
week were 52S,s>S5 silver and $D'J,062 gold. • •
Xew York Dry Goods.
NEW YORK. Oct. 8.—In th» dry goods mar
ket the tone shows little Improvement, and
both first and second hands report a disinclina
tion on the part of th» buyers to operate with
freedom, and yet where goods are on order
there is a general disposition to hasten deliver
ies. Stocks aro not large, either in manufac
turers' hands or among Jobbers, and yet there
reemn to be little fear regarding the future on
the i>art of the buyers.
CATTLE, SItEEP AXD HOGS.
Chicago. . •
CHICAGO. Oct. S.—CATTLE— Receipts. 600.
Steady. Good to prime steers, $5 75@6 CO;
poor to medium $3 75@5 60; stockera and
feeders. $2 30£4 15; cows, $1 6031 80; heif
ers. $295; canners. $1 60®2 40; bulls. $234 50;
Texas fed steers, $335 60; calves. $3 50#7 60;
Western steers. $3&4 65.
HOGS — Receipts. »000: Monday. 22.000
Steady. Mixed and butcher**, $5 60C6 15:
good to choice heavy, $5 00@6 10; rough
heavy. $5 «fr&5 80; light. $5 70^5 75; bulk of
sales $5 S0<g6 C5.
SHEEP—Receipts. 4000. Sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 75®4 70;
fair to choice mixed. $3 2.1@3 70; Western,
sheep, $3i@4 15: native lambs, $4&5 65; West
ern lambs. $4Q5 40.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 8.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 100. Steady. Native steers. $*ff6 10;
native cowb and heifers $1 50^4 60; stockers
and feeders. S2 253+ 25; bulls. $1 75@3 50;
calve*. $2 60®5 50: We*tern steers, $3@4 50;
Western cows, $1 50©3 60.
HOGS—Receipts, 3000. Strong. Bulk of
sales, $5 50®5 85: heavy $5 80(85 00: pack
er?. $5 70@5 8T>: pigs and light. $5 40®5 00.
SHEEP—Receipts. 500. Strong Muttons,
$3 2503 80; lambs. $4@5 10; range wethers.
$3 40(33 S5; ewes. $2 75@3 50; Utah laroba,
65 pounds, $4 15.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Oct. 8.—CATTLE^ —Receipts. 300.
Unchanged. Native steers. $4^6 10; cows and
heifers. $2 4O@3 60: Western steers, $2 OO®
4 CO; Texas «te«rs. $2 C0®3 CO; range cows and
hrlfers. $2 40@:* 40; canners. Jl 50©2 10;
stockers and feeders. $2 25@4; calves. $3®
5 50; bulls and stags. $1 60(^3 25. .
HOGS—Receipts. 4300. Five cents lower.
Heavy. $5 45@5 60: mixed, $5 60@5 60; light,
*r> 65i25 60; Pigs. $505 40; bulk of sales $5 50
©5 60.
SHEEP — Receipts. 600. Steady. Western
yearlings. $3 60®4; wethers. $3 25S-3 65;
ewes, $3@3 50: common and stockers. $2 50®
5 75; lambs. $4 E0<g5. **
MISCELJjAXEOES MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March.
Opening 7 6^ . 7 8
Closing 7 6»4 7 3
PARIS.
Wheat — Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening ; 23 65 24 70
Closing 23 75 24 65
Flour —
Opening 3120 32 45
Closing 31 35 -32 80
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 8.—WOOL—Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing 20<52(ic
light fine. 18020c; heavy fine. 12@10c- tub
washed, 22@30c.
Xortliern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 8.—Wheat for export-
Walla Walla. S2c: blue stem. 85c; valley, S5c
For Eastern markets: Walla Walla, 83c
blue stem, SCc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 8.—Wheat lc lower. Blue
stem, SGc; club, 82c.
Xortlicrn Business.
SEATTLE. Oct. 8.—Clearings, $739,010- bal
ances. J20D.524.
TACOMA, Oct. 8.—Clearings, 1151,402; bal
ances, $33,010. .
PORTLAND. Oct. 8.—Clearings, $617,553;
balances, 57U.006.
SPOKANE, Oct. 8.—Clearings, $448,028- bal
ances, JUS, 126. ______^_
LOCAL. MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
8liver and foreign Exchange were- weaker.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — |t 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 486
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87
New York. Bxchange, sight — "~H
New Tcrk Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce 4 — C7«
Mexican Dollars — 43
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris ..5.17U
New York on Mexico 210
Paris on London 26.15
Berlin on London 20.3SH
Wheat and. Other Grains."
• WHEAT—The foreign markets were higher
on light Australian' shipments, unfavorable
weather ln the Argentine and Australia and
•hort covering In Liverpool.
The Chicago Board of Trade was not ln ses
sion. The Chicago letter of. B. "F. Hutton
6 Co. said: "In the oittslde markets wheat
has ruled about l@l>ic higher to-day. The
incentive waa an advance in Liverpool of Hie
in the-face of the decline here ycstfcrUay. Our'
Wheat market' has for some time past been
wholly a domestic affair. We have felt that
wheat- would hardly maintain • the recent or
; fruits were quiet and there were- no note
worthy changes ln prices. •.-•-.
STRAWBERRIES— $1- 25@3 50 per chest for
the large varieties and $4@T for Cheney . B«r->
ries.
RASPBERRIES— S3@8 rer chest.
HUCKLEBEItRIKS — 10@llc per lb.
CRANBERRIES— $2 6W-i 75 per bcx for
Coo's Bay and $S£fS 25 for Cape Cod.
APPLES— $1 25@1 60 for fancy, 65c®$l for
I choice and 40@75c for common.
PEARS-^Bartletts, ?1 *5®1 50 per bcx. In
cluding cold storage; Winter Nellls, 75c®
$1 25: other winter varieties 40@75c.
PEACHES— 40@S5c per box.- • '
PLUMS — 10S7tic for small packages and $1
@1 25 for open boxes.
PERSIMMONS— 75c®$l per box.
POMEGRANATES — 40@5Oc Xor small and
! fliffl 25 for large boxes.
QUINCRS— ¦¦::t<itZ0a per box.
FIGS— 50c®51- TT box. - ' ~
MELONS— Cantaloupes. 75c®?l per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 40®75o per box; Watermelons.
516-3 per dozen. . • - •
GRAPES— Seedles* from cold storage. 85c©
$1 per box; Isabella. .".OffCSc per crate: other
varieties, 25@C5c per small box or crate and
r.(icfp$l 25 for open boxes; Wine Grapes. S1<K>
'20 per ton. . .
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges,.. $2 50(83-60 per
box for Valencies; Lemons, $2 Wri-l for
fnncy, .$1 75®2 25 Tor. choice and *1 25@1 60
for Standard; Grape Fruit. $2 6003 50; Mexi
can J-.trr.es>, ?4 DOJ/5 per case;. Bananas, $2^3
p«r bunch for Central American and 75cf?$«
for Hawaiian; 1'lneapples. ?2 75@3 25. ;;
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Kaislns, Honey.
FRUITS— New crop— Aprrcots. 7»4©9%c for
Royals and i)@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines,
B',i*i7c for White and 5Vj@6Vic for Red;
1'tacbes. 6%(SS^c per lb; Pears, 7@12c;
Plums, pitted. 6iffCV4c for black, ' 8©S^o
for red and 7@S%c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown j
bricks. 60c; S-crown. 55c; 4-crown. 60c: 6- '
«-rown. 65c; bulk white. 25i©Sc: black. 3%c.
Evaporstod Apples. 0Vs@7c per lb. " ¦
PRUNES— 1%@1 % c per lb for the four sliea
and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1901 crop f. 0. b. Fresno — Im
perial clusters. $2 25«T2 50; Dehesa. $r8E02; i
London Layers. 80cSSl; Loose Muscatels. 4- ]
crown. 3y.@4c; 3-crown. B@3?ic; 2-crown, 1
2i4<B2-£c; iieeillcsa. 2Vi©2%c; Floated. 2Uc;
Seeded, KTaQS'jc; Thompson's Seedless 4V4c:
Ssedlesa Sultanas. 34f:>Hc;. 1003 crop — Loose
Muscatels. 2(g2V4c;. Seedless, l->ic: Floated. 2c;
Pacific. l%@2Hc; Seeded. .•)»4(g4Vic; Malagas.
l&iftliViC per lb: Seedless Sultanas, 2c.
NUTS— New Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. lie:
No. 2 9c; No. 1 hardshell. lOHc; No. 2. 8%c:
Almonds liifil'c for Nonpareils. 14®14^c for
I X L. 13Ql-<c for Ne Plus Ultra and lie for
Languedoc: Peanutu, CiiTr for Eastern; Pe
: cans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $1 U>@5; Chestnuts,
, lC®15c per lb.
HONEY— Comb, ll«4@13c for white and 109
: lie for amber; . water white extracted. 5V»4*
Oc; light amber extracted. 5@5*?c; dark, 39
4«c.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Provisions.
Hams. Bacon and "Lard are all quoted firm,
the latter especially, Prices show no further
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11% C per lb for
heavy, ll%e fo r light medium. He for light.
14%c for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides. 10%c; Bellies, 12c;
Eastern "sugar-cured Hams.' 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13%c; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per
bbl; extra Mess. $11011 CO; Family. $12@12 50
prime Mess Pork. $14 BO: extra clear S24;
Mess $18; Dry Salted Pork, lO^c; Plg"Pork.
$2«; PIg»' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at CVjiJ per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and lO^c for pure: half-barrels, pure, 10$io;
10-lb tins. 1114c; O-Ib tins, llfic; 3-lb tins.
ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel 8«4e: three
half bbhs. 8Vic; one tlerc*. 8iio; two tierces.
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides.-Tallow, Wool and Hops.
' HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %^lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steer». 10%c; medium. 0%c; light. »c; Cow
Hides. Oc for heavy and 9c for light; Staea,
7c: Salted Kip. 10c; Salted Veal, lie: Salted
Calf ll%c; dry Hides, 16i,4@17c; dry Kip. 139
14o; dry Calf. 10c: Sheepskins, shearlings 25®
40c each; short Wool. 40?yt;5c each; medium.
75jJ00c; long Wool. $1®1 50; Horse : Hides,
salt. $2 75 for larpe and *2®2 50 for medium.
$1 254J1 75 for sn:all and W)c for Colta: Horee
Hides, dry. $1 73 for large and $1 60 for m»
1 diuin, $1@1 -'5 for small and 50c for Colts
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; . dry ealted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 30c'; Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large do,
$1 25; large. 60c; medium. 3Cc: amali 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. ¦i'SHic per lb:
No- 2. 3^c; Grease. 2%@3c.
•VVOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin' and South
cm. OSllc; Southern. 8©0c; Southern Moun
' tain 91?llc: Miildl« Counties, free.' 123»14c
do, defective.- 10Wl2e: Northern free 124J14c:
do defective. lCQ12c; Huroboldt and Mendo
clno. 14QlKc per lb.
HOPS— 1004 crop. 2CS30c per Ik.
* * Bleat-Market,
Local paokrrs. and butchers continue to re
port a well ,supp)led and quiet market.
¦ . DRESSED MEATS.
'"Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are'aa follows: I ¦ 1
BEEF — 6@7c for Steers and <i05e per~Ib
I for Oowa. • - ¦ . ¦• ¦ • . .
I VEAL— Large. r«U{?7He: small, 7©8e per lb.
! MUTTON— Wethers. 7«T%o; Ewes. 6<3i7c per
i pound,
j LAMB— 8®0c per lb.
PORK — Dresstd Hogs, 6©?c per lb. • i
LIVESTOCK . MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered In ban Kranclsco. less 40^
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7U®7%c; Cows and H«tf
ers, 9'AsiliHic; thin Cows. 405c per lb.
CALVES — 4@Uic per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3fc@39ic; Ewes, 3®3Ho
per lb (grcBB welsht).
LAMBS— $2 50(fr2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 4%e:
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under *^c;
over 250 lbs. 4»,ic; soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent oft,
and Stags, 40 per cent oft from above quota
tions. . - ___^_^__ '
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. $3@5 25; San Qucntln,
$1 50: Wool Macs. oG©32c; Fleece Twine, 7»4c;
Fruit Bags, 0%©7 J /4c for. white and 7o for
brown Jute.
I' COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington, $S: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $G 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. • $13 j a
bulk and $14 2G in sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $U; Welsh Anthracite Egg $13-
Welnh Lump, $11 60; CanneJ. $0 per ton; Coke
$11 50(gl3 P*r ton ln bulk and $15 ln sacks :
' Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 50 per abort
ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cas«»
add 6c; Linseed. Mo per gallon for boiled and
51c for raw; Castor Oil. Jn cases No 1 70c-
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 10©l 12; Lucol. t6c for
belled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases
05flS0c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. in barrels,
58o fgj; Ceyjcn and 55e for Australian; extra
bleactyJd™w5ytfr Sperm Oil, 68c; natural. winter
¦Sperm 'Oil. CJc; extra bleached winter . Whale
Oil 57c; natural Whale Oil, 82c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 76c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c: light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw
Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint Cll. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
13c; Fearl Oil. In cases, 10^c: Astral, 19%e:
Star. lDV-c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine 26c; Eo
cene 2.1c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk
16c; in -cases. 22^c: Benzine, in bulk. 4 13c: In
casts, 1'jM;c: su-degrec Gasoline, in bulk 25c;
In cases. 3tf. •
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7ti»
7»ic jirr lb; White Lead. 7}i@7?ic. .according
to auantlty.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows. pe r lb. In loO-lo baga*
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 8 25c'
Powdered, 0.10c; Candy Granulated C.lOc; Dry
Granulated, fine, Vc; Dry Granulated, coarse
Be: Fruit Granulated, (ic; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), 5.00c; Confectioners' A «Jc-
Magnolia A. ".00c; Extra C. 5.M)c; Ooldeh C*
6.40a; "D." 5.30c; • barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 2flc more; boxes, 50c more: 60-lb bags
10c more for oil kinds. Tablets— Half barrels
6.50c; boxea. 6.7Cc; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos,
J)c per- lb. No orders .taken for leas than
seventy-flva barrels or its equivalent.
COFFEE — C.-E. .Blckford's circular gtvea the
receipts at this port since. January 1 at 200.054
bags, against 235,734 during the same time last
year. The sales from first hands were 175O.JS
bags, against 220.436. The stock In first- hands
October 1 was 45,854 bags, against 09,000 last
year. The world's vlslblj supply October 1 was
14.2U0.40.S bags, against .13,770,420 last year.
The circular says: .. .
"September business has been disappointing.
The brisk autumn trade almost invariably en
countered and met has bsen noticeably absent
and It Is hard to account satisfactorily for
the lapse. As mocks In second hands were
known to , bo but moderately full. | we may
assume that 'Invisible' supplies were larger
than imagined and that prolonged hot weather
possibly influenced consumption more than
usual.
"At this writing the local market Is still
heavy, and listless and all grades arc cheaper
without attracting attention beyond small trad,
ing. Washed Coffees have been -more affected
than othsr descriptions, especially the higher
priced sorts, which latter have taken a decid
edly weaker turn.* .¦ - .
"The feature of Brazilian news has been the
large receipts at ' the ports — folly expected,
however, so far -as concerned the month of Sep
tember — and tha ! consequent increase ln* the
world's visible supply on October 1 of 774,000
bags, making the total visible supply 14,2e«.00O
bass, or larger by 347,000 than the former
; high point of Ne\-embcr 1, lOOUi < , -
. "The immediate situation would appear to be
gov«rned by the extent of October receipts In
I Brazil and .the attitude of consuming countries
with- reference to buying. - ; Frcst cables and
incidentals are temporarily discarded by the
trade in general as having now no further sig
nificance- for or against the coming crop pend
ing the result of the final or December ilower
inc . which w-!U more .definitely determine-- the
future of Coffee.
•' ••.Under ' these adverse .conditions thel New
York mar'cet has" fluctuated but little, closing
at -almost the precise figures of a month ago.
%*Gli street stocks rather higher on
the day.
Not much doing on the local stock
••xchancrs.
Chicago Board of Trade not in ses
sion,
l.-oc-al bank clearings over $3,000,000
ahead of last year.
Not much variation In Silver or Ex
char^e.
Wheat rises, here and abroad. Bar
. ley firm.
Oats, Corn and Rye well held and un
<-lianjred.
Japanese again buying Flow up
north.
Hay linn and in demand at higher
• prices.
N'o further change in Beans. Alfalfa
Seed wanted, but scarce
Good demand for Potatoes. Onions
somewhat higher.
Poultry and Game in light receipt.
Trade in fresh Fruits checked by the
•ret weather.
Ooft>e . market heavy, listless and
weali.
Fine Butter, Cheese and Eggs well
cleaned up and firm,
limns, Bacon and Lard quoted Una.
WooJ. Hops and Ilides unchanged, but
firm. .
Cattle, Sheep and Uogs still in good
Xo- Chicago Quotations.
t^Pn™ V* , t0 ~ Ch!caeo quotations today, as
•^A?3^, Ot Trade wa * not la eessioa yes
:*rday—Chicago day at the fair.
Local Bank Clearings.
Ixscal Jiank. Clearin^a for the week Just
f f.« COTnf;er«5 wlth ln» ccrreapondlng week
ff $r- 5-?- Cl>9-, 2EaJrst »S».IT*.«S in 190.5.
wnJj^nS. ' 'amo wtek ln ***
Flour Exports In September.
The experts of Flour from San Francisco by
sea^-ln Besteicber wcr* aa fellows:
f^^T" ¦ Barrel"*. Values.
1.000 4.750
Tshltl ..i 1 8t'{ ' <? o~tl
Hawaiiw Islands ....." »,*« 2b,bU ,
Ot..tral America 6.637 25 213
Sees =.«» »e54
Ecuaaor 2#=61 fl sg()
i??** 812 1.6CS
ftsmoan Inlands st 15!
Peru -k «i- :
Mexico, ;:;;;::;: S is
7 01 *. 1" 4S.785 I2CG.2H
IS September, 190S. th« exports were nearly
three times as nruch e* lest month being
l.ti.CSG. l>arrc!5. valued at $537.»09. In tbax
month China tr>ck 101.031 barrel*. C100 went to
Japan ar.U 32C5 barre'.s were shlrped to tht-
Harallaa If!ard»..
Stocks and Cotton.
The IVan-strcet wires of E. F. Kutton &
Co: ytfttrdey n-?!.!:
STOCKS—The eiock irarket has act»d much
brt-er than had been exrectfd last night or
?arlj thlc-ir.omir.gr- itM strength Is due to a
«:ontlnua.n:e cl support by the bull ir.t*rests
und the ubs<nre of any material Felling of
ij.-.; ortar.it- frcm ar.y source. The very bullish
tattrvteWB by Sc!iwab and Oatcs on "the steel
?.iii iron BittmUoa ha\* caused considerable
i'biivi::S -1 .tt-.e fte;i etotks. There l.aa
r-Ti^wt-a crood buj-lnc of copper. ba!>e<i chiefly
on tiip healthy anJ iir.vroving slate of gen
eral irade.in the tr.ttal. wblcb is exptcted by
l:i>i^c:t ta sell hlshtr as toon a* the domestic
0CIW0J g-ets unflcr way.
-t.OTToN—Tht? feature the rast week ln
conor. has cf course been thp publication of
the Or.vornr.itnt report mckins the average
..: ; Ton of crop 75.P. v». 80.1 last month.
U..1 a remr ago and »J«.S the average October 1
obnouion Icr the rast ten years. This is about
•i.tree Yo.aiB i.*ttcr than we expected, and it
v.>i aiedt- the .*.•-.* of a a«lllog movement.
:.: i Ji; Liverpool prices were carried down
tapi&jr »-arIy in the wftk. We look for a
'-untfrrued «ocd trading market and wonld
¦•VJ"« continuation of tealrinff opfratlcns for
a :au* rate profit for the present rather than
tak'.r:? a fixed position on cither eid« with the
id*a cf witnetsir.f any big swing; to prices
*>fther way from the present level pen-iinr
turtfcer developments.
l
•
L
d
b
c
f
f
q
£
•
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
•
.
.
.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
Mcii^y on call, nominal; no loans. Time
oans, steady; sixty days. 3 per cent; ninety
lavs, 3i« per cent; e:x months. Z\ per cent
J'rtrr.e mercantile paper. Hi per cent.
Sterling exchange, barely steady, with actual
ushes* ;n tankers 1 bills at ?».6j"50Q-4.S5;0 for
oraiLnd an* at W.SO30G4.S340 for alxty-day
iils. Ported ratee, i feii-Q4 8«4; commer
ial bills, 9t SZ^tH S34.
Bar »:lver. tTViC.
Mexictn dollars. 45=5; c.
Bon2»—Gcvernraer.t. steady; railroad, strong.
Xew York Stock List. .
E. F. liuttca & Co.. 490 California street,
an Francisco, members of the New Ycrk
ctock Exchange, furnish tha following official
uotations of that Exchange:
«>«¦ j Stock*— jHlgb:Low.( Bid.I Ask.
'Aaa«» Exprets.f.. :230 J250
11.S00.Ar»Jk Copper..j C2»»l 62%
...Am Can Cu 1 6^ oS
; Do pf<J 47> A 4SU
400 Am Car 4 F...J 23*, 23H i3 23ii
1.000, Do pfd fc2»4 C2 fi2 S3
..;Ara Chicle 08 101
'..| Do pfd tsS 82
..iAjn Cotton O11..J 29*i 28%
I Do pfd i»o' »oii
Am I4st Tel 24 27
..[Am Ei I 210 215
|Am Grass T Co SU li
•••"•|An Hide & L 4>i r>i
>»i Do pfd 19 18 13 191'
?Am Joe j 7^4; 7«/
800) Do pfd 33% 33««i 22^1 33>^
|Am Lmteed I nul 14»4
! JX> P/d a»?l«tt
300,Am Locomotive. 26-\ 2«V 20 27
100! Do P-i n%\ 05^4 03 &6
;Am Malt 1 4 41'
1 Do pfd j 20 21
60o,Ani S & RCo,..j 604 1 CO <W«i «6«4
....! Do pM j 1 10g£|i«5
S.lOOiAm i£ucar ( 1 lav i^l
100 Do pfd ilS2 (132 132 KU
,Am Tel & Tel Col j jisa !i 4t>
100,Am Tob f.fd J143 ll4S tl44 Il4.->»C
100;Am Woolen J 14T»i Mfci 14U! 15s?
i Do-pfd ! ! 61 j 83
1.100 Anacc&'la ;i(K)>i 9a\llwu!in«iii
'Ann Ar!,or* 1 2S ' y.2
..t... >¦ T*> pfd-......{ Us C4
4S».10fiA T & Panta Fe 1 83UJ 83V4I h3«ii s^4
2.4fl0i Do pfd .. JU«>*^:100 10«4I!lOO'4
n.4u<) BaZt * Ohio 01«i I 90% 5.11, nS
.7-...V -I>o pfd j I j 03 |105'
¦:.. Bay State Gas.!.....! I i&\ S-IO
CTOOjB R T J CSTi! C8K] 58%! .%»
100 nrotJc t'n Oas.. 222«-'. 222Vi'221 '223
.:.;... iBruna T» ft I .T;....t eU 7«i
...'.,.'liutterick Co | 49 51
,. Canada Southern C7'i! csu
«00 Caniuiian Pacific 132% 132 1325iil32»4
l.TOii.C * O I 44>i 44 44161 **'t
3C0C Sc A j 40 39% 39 | 40
¦¦ Do \>ta 1 80 JJ4Ti
: ioo,c t e 1 pro 138 no iss iso
•' C I & I, pfd 80 S3
..2.x) C & Ct XV 1C>4 Hi%\ 10U lf.H I
J no pfd a i so" r,5i t J
¦ D© pfd B 2."5^j 20V. ?
i D'» deb. ! 8214(83'
... A ..,C.& N: W ! J18S il90
...! I>. pfd ! fl£2Uil*i3U
X«« C n I *- P (neu-)l 2Si;l BSUI 2SSI -*£
20t>j I>o pfd • 72'i! 72 I 71 % I 72U <
.....;¦ D.j 4* .......: 1 7cu| 7R< >
aa Ten, ! 1 em 7
......I. Do pfd ; uyLl isu
I Do pfd . . ..! |36"i « I
SPO'CC C A- Et X-.-! BI"H S2Til M«i R5
....;.?J !>o »,rd .....1 107 1110
,. Ci»-ve 1/ri W.".J I C2 I
....! I>o itfd ] ..j j K5 !¦-•
-5(«:Col<. Fiw-1 i I..i 3C?i| SO ( -.11 |'3G'i
¦>{¦ I>o DM „ l...>.i I .-,5 1
«»'Co!o South'-rn .. lt)U.\ 1914 m hoit
..... bo 1st pf<l.-...J ...:! B0«il 51^
3.800 Coosclldat»><I Ga»212iil210 1211 muL
"••aJOt Jcb Co sfdj..... 12.1^124
500 Corn Proiuct? ..| 15Vi| 15 K.tJ| 15*4
1 Do bti .- i J j rout 70^4
1.200 Del Hudson.. 174 |172V4(J74ei 1741*
••vJR1;* %v 1 ja» as"
'WOp*' *G Zl% Sl*4| 2SUI 2KV
•• Do r./l I 1 j?ii'i KirV
.00 Detroit L'n Ry.J 71%) TC?i! 71% 71%
......jDetroit fioutherr.l..... .... 4 i2
; Do cfd ! ! c«i 714
.Diamond Match.i 13-* 135
1.500 Ma fc>curitie»..-.i 2S% SSM S8U S»H
.....«.jDl» Sec njnd«.l \ " TO 7OW
... Dulnth S S & A! • 7<K 8
ll-?£P2L ; J m hi *i% S« 3-W
Money, Stocks and Trade.
«»! Do =d Pfd....j 47% 47H 47% 47%
E & T II ! 58 OO
Do pfd i 75 S.%
!Ft W Jk D C... 45 .4S
|Gen Chemical...] 43 55
I 1>O v ti 9414 «7
100,Gen Electric 172 172 |171 1172
•,-•• —^ Gre »t North pfd I •. . |180 -J1S5
1U.800 Groen Con Cop.. 20>,i 20 20H 20^
Havana Tob Co. 29 27%
I Do pfd 35% 3C
Hocking Valley Sl> | Su«4
. I Do pfd 8S i Oil
40O;Ill Centra! 143 112% 143 14.!%
-00 Internet Paper..: 1«» 4 10^1 17 17%
, ••! Do «fd .:............. 74!, 75%
200,Internat Tower.. 65»i| M% 65 | 55%
.'Ir.ternat Pump.. SSVi r>:i %
1001 Vo pfd 71) 79 78%! 'U'/I
»00 ; lowa Central 25% 25 25%|26-
400: Do pfd ittVil 4« 4«U| 40%
• jKanawha & M..I 34>/«! 37%
100.K C F S&M pfd: 77%! «*?* 77 Hl " s
Kan C South...]' 24 | 24%
1 Vo pfd ; 45%| 4«
iKeokuk & D M IS { IT - ;
, 'Laelede CJ pfd SO ',100
Lake E & W 31%| M
Do cfd 91 |100-
ILong Inland 55 | 58
l.CWIi i X |12S 127«sil27T«il28 •
;Ma.nha.ttan il54%|154%
i JManhat Beach.. | 9 | 11
3.700 Mrtropol R«curi. 83% ( S2»i; 82%
l.CCO Metropol St Ry. 120*, 120 jl2<> il20" 4
000 Mexican Central. 14 13»i| 14 • i 14%
. Minn tc St L | &5 5tt
' Do 1st pfd I !>3 01
COO M.Bt P & S S M 61%! fcl Sl% S2
I Do pfd '..\ 132 132»4
10.C00 M. K & T 2«-i 25%! 2«:»i 27
1».200| Do pfd DjH! 5l'V«i 55'» 56 •
; ICt'.Tm-.Mlseojrl raclflCilOy-tsi Vjijliuu?* 101
|N, C & St L. ' l."50 il.TJ
400. National Lead .. 22 T J 22V«j 22% 22 7 .
! Do pfd ,....;. ,%-... &;a t Vi%
N U Ji of M pfd I 3^% 831;.
200 National BlsculJ 48Vi 4S',i 48 48%-
I l>o pfd 110 111
IN .1 Central I |1S1 182%
N V Air Urake i [133 '134
1.3CO;N Y Central 120«iil2»%|12»*i 12»»;
X Y C & St L. . 32% S2 | .'Jl % 32%
Do 1st pfd. 110 116
Do 2d pfd U3 e»*i
» T Dock 14 IS
» Y, N H & II 192 «i 1»3%
COC.jN T. O & W 34»i 34% 34% I 35
3,400,Norfclk & W... 72% 71% 72%! 72»i
I Do pfd. 00% 85
*. (North American 1] j DO U3%
J. 100, North Securities. 112»i|ll2% 112%!ll2^
[Omaha .140 il.W
! Do via :1S5 |1H5
JO. S L 4's W\i 09%
Pacific Coast 65 «7
Do 1st pfd 03 105
I Do 2d pfd 75 77
S00, Pacific Mall ... S3«; 83U ;!3*i| 34
8,200 Perm R R Co.... 1S3% 133%il3<'vl.«»»
People's Gas 102?i|lC3 a i
iPere Marq pfd 75 SO
> !P. C. C & Et L 71 I 71%
i I Do pfd 103% 105
i COOPr Steel Car 35 34^ S4% 35
I 400J Do pfd 81U SI SI 81%
i Pull Car Co | 222 1225
i 'Ry S Springs Co 1 22%[ 23
? 100; Do j.fd SOVi 80»i R0 [HI
i 25.300. Reading 71% 71% 71%|.72
I • Do 1st pfd S5»; M5
i I Do 2d pfd 78% 7!»
i 3,400 Republic S & I. 12%! 11% ll'fc 12
700' Do pf-1 51««| 51% 5l»; 52
iRubber Goods 20*i 21
i Do pfd I S3 83%
;s s s & 1 co...| 41 41%
I Do pfd I P9 IK)
.St J & G I...,. ...„ 15% lfl%
Do 1st pfd 52 5.'i%
300! Do 2d pfd ! 28 26 25»i, 26%
I Do i>fd '...:......[ I
"St L&SF 1st pfdj. ! 71 I 75
300, Do 24 pfd W % 5Rli 5S»4| «8%
l,r,OOSt L & S\V 21%| 21 21% 2l\
J»f«ti- Do i.fd 4S^ 4 47»i 47%1 4S^
11. 200 Southern Pac... C9 68tt 5S T i,| W»
2.fKict Southern Ry 32»; :<2% 32%! 32*i
•_'O0! Do ofd 04% 94 I P4 I l»l%
Standard Oil I ! 643 1648 .
Standard R & Ti 1%! l^i
200Tenn C & I j 4S»i 4S» 4 4S%| 4S;»
Tex- Tac L T Co! 1 31 % 34
13.000 Texas Pac. 34 32V4 1 33%! 34
Third Ave 128U|X»
jJTol Ry & T Co. i ! 2i> I 22
M)O Tol til L & W. n\\ 3f>%! 31% I 32
7rif>: Do r'd W»%- 501.4 &0%l 51
t>00 Twin City R T. . &2%l »2%f J»2% »2»4
I Do pfd lfC\llO2 |102%!l02%
20, 4<X), Union Pacific. .. HOB •<,!iai%llO3%;iO4
],200i Do rfd 91%j 04 | 94 »»«.;
ID P Con 4s ]107%!107>i
:Vr.ited Copper.. 1 | 5 8
Un Rds of S F..i J 12%) 14%
I Do pfd I R« I 57
..I Do 4* i S2*i) M
jU S Ca?t I Pipe.) ! | 13 -|-13*i
:\ Do ifd €1%' Cl I firtiil 61%
..!U S ExpreM 116 1120
- 700'U S Leather 9U 0% n%| 0%
fiOOl Do pfd ....\. 1O7U|1O7 I S7%1 RS
2O0;U S Rubber 23%* S3H] 23^1 2.1%
6fol Do Dfd .. SO 1 *!'?'.***! 7:*^ SO
10,500'u S Steel Cor.. 18%! 1SM,\ lR»il 18%
26, ICO! Do pfd 7»*4 74%' 75% | 759i
300]Va.Car Chem.Co 34V 4 | 34%| 33 H 3-«%
SCO Do Dfd 107% 107 106«i|l07Vi
SCOW-abash 20% 10% 20 | 20Vi
SOO' IX> pfd I 42% 41% 42 I 42%
Do Deb B's C5 I «5Vi
'Wells Fargo Ex 237 ,245
200 Weft Unlcn 92V» 02 02 I 01%
100 WVstinghous* ..165% 100% 165%ll6a
Do 1st pfd |183 195
XV & 1, E 1 17% 18
Do 1st pfd 1 45 46
Do 2d pfd 25 26%
,vVl* Central 10*{ 20
I Do pfd 4X\ 44
;South Pac pfd |115';i|115T4
290,100 tctal shares sold.
Xcw York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg..lC4%|L & X unified 4s.l01U
Do coupon 101%iMaJi con gold 4s.lO4%
Do 3s rtg 104%jMex Central 4s... 70
Do coupon 105 U 1 Do 1st Inc 17
Do new 4s reg.m&j Minn & St L 4a. 94>4
Do coupon 131%; II. K & Texas 4s. 101
Do old 4s reg.lOe%| Do 2ds 83
Do coupon 10»;*ij|NR of Mex con 4s. 78%
Atch gen 4s 102 |N Y C gen 3%s..l00U
Do adj 4s »7',i|N J C gen 5s 134%
Atlantic C L 4s. S)8'*tiNor Pacific 4s 1041k,
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 101 a; j Do 3s 74%
Do 3%s 05V 4 Nor & W con 4s.lOO*i
Central of Ga 5s.ll2«i!O5L, 4s & partic. 0»V t
Do 1st inc . fc 2«iiPa conv 3%s I(:o4i
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO5% 1 Reading gen 4s... 101
Chi & Alton 3%s. SlUjS L 41 M con 5s.ll5
C. B & Q new is. 07%! S 1^ & S F tg 4s. 80?i
CM & SP gn 4s.lO0% ( St Louis SW lsts. 09
C & NW con 7s.l2S T «! Seaboard A L. 4s. SOM,
C. R I & Pac 4s. 7« T / 4'S f > Pacific 4s 04%
Do col Cb SG*»jSo Railway 5s I17U
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01%lTex & Pac lsts. 121
Chi Trem 4s 77%! Tol. St L & XV 4s. 79
Cons Tobacco 4s. 73HlLnlon Pacific 4s.lO5«
Colo & So 4s 8(;%l Do conv 4s iO7Vi
Colo F & I 5s 75 I TT B Steel 2d 6s.. 83%
Den & Rio O 48.100!% iAVabash lsts n«
Erie prior lien 4s. fift%l Do deb B 05^4
Do gen 4s S7-"4l^ &L Erie 4s.... fiO'l
F W * D C lsts. 110%' "Is Central 4s... 01U
Hock Val 4%s...lCS%!
Xc\v York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20! Little Chief On
Alice 30 Ontario 3 50
Brtece 18lOphlr 2 40
Rruns Ccn C6. Phoenix in
Com Tunne' .... lClPotost... IS
Con Cal & Va... 1 70! Ravage 32
Horn Silver 1 <',n; Firrra Nevada Hi
Iron Silver 2 00! Small Hopes 27
Ltadvilie Con.... 02,'Standard 1 91)
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Moner— !U S Steel 18^
Call loans .2®3t Do pfd 75%
Time- loans 4^S! Wertlnisr Common. 81
Bonds— I Mining—
Atchlsr.n 4s 101% ! Adventure 3%
Do adj 4s *><! jAUoue* lib
M»x Ontral 4a... C7%'Amal Copper •••• •*¦-*»
Railroads — ' JAmer JCinc 14
Atchlson M*i I Atlantic 13
Do pi<i 100% IJingham 28
Boston & Albany. 24*%! Calumet & Hecla.530
Boston & Maine. 1<:4 I Centennial 28
Boston Elev l.":MJ! Conper Unr.ce ... C3'4
Fitehburg pfd....l"« ! Daly "Went 141?
r Mex Central 13141 Dom Coal 5614
Nf Y. M H & H..10iii:Fracklin 8>!
' Pere Uarquptte. . . 70 KJraney 31'
Union Pacific 103%!ls]* Ilovale mi;
Miscellaneous — |Ma»s Mining .. 5u
Amer Arge Chcm. lR'-s: Michigan 79:
jyo rfd 77 (Mohawk 4$.
Amcr Pnc-n Tube. 4%, Mont Coal & Coke 4^1
1 Amer Sugar my,' O:<\ Dominion ... 21 V.
1 Do pfd 132 !r»sceola flO
Amer Tel & Tel. 1.%^' Parrot 351^
Amcr "Woolen ... U*JOu!ncy g2>i
Do vi fi BUS! Shannon .%%
Dom Iron & S... lS^i I Tamarack i»<j
I Ed Elect Ilium... 2. r .7%! Trinity s »;
Gen F.'*ctric 170 >V s Mining 2164
M«es Electric lt%HT 8 Oil jo%
Do pfd ?<J )t;tah 4^
Maiw Ob* 42%! Victoria 4
TTnlted Fruit .-..102 I Wlnona a
Un Sho» Mach... 52 ',5 1 Wolverine 03
Do pfd .< 31 I
London Closing Stocks.
Cons ir.or.ey.'...^ 7-10 N Y Central 133%
Do acct ..'..83 0-16 Nor & West 74
Anaconda M4 Do pfd n.'l [
Atchlson «*i Cnt & Western... .15%
Do p(d lf^'i Pennsylvania .... CS>^
Bait * Ohio O-T,i Rax.d Mines 10%
.Can Pacific 1S« Reading 38%
Ch»s A Ohio 45^ Do Jet pfd 44
Chi Croat 'U>st.. 17 Do 2<1 pfd 40
CM. Mil & St P.17081 So Railway 33%
De Ewm 18H X>a pfd 97
Don & Rio G.... 20 Bo Pacific v , GOV,
Do Pfd WS Union Pacific ....lOflu
Erlo SlUI Do pfd 83
T>o l*t rfa 71S41U S Steel , 1R»4
Do 2d pfd 4SU! Do pfd 77%
111 Central 1*3*; TTabash 21^4
lsm',w & Nash J31 »i I Do pM • <3!i
M. K & Texas... 2C.il
SUM3IARY OF THE MARKETS.
present prices In the face of the continued
large receipts) and slacking demand for wheat
and flour. We are still of that: view. We
think' It should become. in mlj&d, however,
that the- crop news-from» Argentina, more, par
ticularly- Is the most Important item, not only
in Europe but here as well. The whole situa
tion of the world's consumption of wheat and
its supply is an unusually acute one. Briefly,
that situation could not well endure any great
loss to the Argentine crop. The conditions
have been favorable up to this time, the crop
large and the prospect- has been for a record
breaking crop. The Importing countries will
need this crop and need It very much. There
fore we say it should be kept in mind that
anything distinctly unfavorable to the Ar
gentine wheat crop will likely be a firebrand
applied to all the markets of the world."
In this market futures were l*4c higher- In
aympathy with New York -and Liverpool, but
trading was not large. The cash grain show
ed no change.
CASH "WHEAT.
California Club,- $1-45@1.52H: ' .California
White Australian. $1 K@l «2^; » Northern
Club. $1 45©1 G2%: Northern Bluestem/ $1 90
(il 62»4 per ctl. ¦ > .-..-.-.
FUTURES.
' Session 9 to lie 80 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 51JS $1 SIT* Ji bVA' ?1 617s
May . . . : 1 62% -ia 52% 1 52V 3 1 02%
BARLEY— A pood inquiry from the Ha
waiian Islands for Rolled Barley has stimu
lated' the demand for Feed, which was quite
active yesterday, with a number of sales at
SI 12*4. There was no particular advance,
however, either in cash grain or . futures,
though both were firm. . ¦' . ..
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 Vm@l 12%; new Brewing and
Shipping. $1 15@1 liij; Chevalier. *l 17&©
I 21" Mi per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
December— No tales." ?1 11 bid, $1 11% asked.
OATS— The statement In yesterday's Call
that Western Oats were flowing to this Coast
under a cut rail rate was confirmed on 'Change
yesterday," not only by local millers who are
figuring on these importations, but by let
ters from Portland. The latter stated that
1000 tons had already been bought on specu
lation in Tacoma. The quantity now comlnc,
however, is said . to be nearer 3000 than 2O0O
tons, as announced yesterday." The Oats are
of the description known as No. 1 clipped Min.
nesotas. . The lot sold at Tacoma was at
about $20 per ton, sacked, equivalent to
about $31 50 here.
Receipts yesterday were very heavy, being
12,137 ctK. of which 11,2:55 were from Wash
ington. The market was- quiet and unchanged.
White. $1 SlWrfl C3: Surprise. $1 50®l «0;
Red. $1 22«4@1 4'lVi for feed and $1 40(31 50
for seed; Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and *1 50
<gl 70 lor. seed. •. .
CORN— There were sales of fine Eastern yel
low yesterday at $1 45; which show an un
changed market.
AVestern sacked. $1 40@l 45 for Yellow $1 45
for White and $1 4001 42% for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow, $1 40@l 45; small round
do. SI 55(81 62V4; White, nominal; Egyptian,
$1 35**1 45 for White and $1 25®1 30 for
Brown.
RYE— $1 3501 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
Flour and MUlstuffs.
A broker's wire from Portland yesterday
said: "Local millers are now receiving Jap
anese orders for flour in 6000 to 10,000 barrel
lots. This Is a very satisfactory condition to
local millers. Market very • strong."
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 800
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, f4 7C05:
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $1@1 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 prr 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. S3; Rye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do $3 BO;
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Croats. $i; Hominy,
$3 60<J?3 85> Buckwheat Flour, ?4; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls: JO 60®7 60; In
¦acks, $4 25; Pearl Barley $5; Split Peas
boxes. $5 CO; Green Peas, $5 50' per 100 lbs. .
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
The market for good dry Hay continues very
firm, and sales even over the top quotations
are being made. Feedstuffs also rule firm at
previous prices.
BRAN— $20©21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S24JT28 per ton.
SHORTS— $20^21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23 50®24 p*r
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, S31 CO@32 50-
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22323; Corn
Meal $30 B0®31 50; Cracked Corn. $31©32;
Mixed Feed, $22322 60; i Horse Beans, $30©4v
per ton; Rroom Corn Feed.' 00c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $10015; Wheat and Oat $10®
II 60; Oat, $0^13; Barley and Oat, $S«12-
Volunteer Wild Oat. $7<i?10: stable $0011;
stock.- $5 50@7; Clover. 7@10; Alfalfa, $9«}12
per ton. • .- ¦ .
STRAW — 15365c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Receipts of Beans have shown a marked
increase during the past eeveral daye. and
weather permitting -will continue to Increa-ie
frora now on aa the new crop 'tomes forward.
The market shows no further change.'
There are; a number of Inquiries for Al
falfa Seed on the market, but there is no
stock of any consequence here.
BEANS— Hayos. $2 \l<S'l 50: Pea. $2 90-S3 10;
Butters. $2 75Q3; small White, $2 1)0^3 15;
large. White. $2 20® 2 P0; Pink. $2 75@3;
Red. $3 75®4; Lima. $4®4 15; Red Kidneys,
ti&* 25: Blackeyes. $2 35«2 53 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 85® 2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25; Flax. $2@2 75; Canary G*i
©7c; Alfalfa. 15%©16Hc: Rape l^e^c;
Timothy. 6%c; Hemp, 3\i(ja%c per lb;" Millet,
ZMftSyic; Uroom Corn Seed $2OS21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nilea : $2(^2 25; new Green
Peas. $2&2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Trade In Potatoes continued active on local
and near-by accounts and. although a steady
feeling prevailed, prices were no higher. There
I was very little stock carried over from the
. preceding day and the market wan well cleaned
up at the close, fresh arrivals from the rlvpr
districts being light. There was eome Inquiry
from Seattle for Onions, and. although receipts
were^ liberal, the market had a better tone
andThe best lots brought an advance.
Nearly all miscellaneous vegetables were In
fiee.supp'.y and prices had but slight varia
tion. Tomatoes were a little firmer, as old
and traahy stock was about cleaned up and
there was a better inquiry for good stock.
POTATOES— Burbanka from the river. ttOO
75c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks $1®1 30 per
ctl: Sweet Potatoes. $1@1 15 per ctl.
ONIONS— fl«r 20 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn 75c(?$l 25 per
sack or crate; • String Beans. 2ty@3o per
lb; Wax Beans. 3@4c per lb; Lima
Beans, 3@5c per lb: Tomatoes 20<8i
50c per box; Summer Squash 35(B50c per
box: Cabbage. 75-: per ctl: Carrots. 75c per sack-
Cucumbers. 25@4Oc per box; Garlic 4«<S4Mic
per lb; Egg Plant, 35<g50 c per box: Dried Pep
pers, nominal; Green Okra, 35@50c per box*
Green Peppers. 35©50c per box; Marrowfat
Squash. $15 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Poultry were light and trade
was quiet, as usual on Saturday, but the
market closed the week steady, with very little
stock left on hand. A car of Western Is
scheduled for to-morrow's market Game
was In light receipt and come kinds were
firmer.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old. 14@15 C per
lb for Gobblers and 15®l«c for Hens- youne
Turkeys. 20«22c per lb; Geese, per pair $1 50
©1 75; Goslings. $1 75«2; Ducks. $4 61X35 per
dozen for old and $1 5Offl(5 for young- Hens
$4 5(kft5 for small and $5 5O5JO for large* young
Rooeters. $5(3 5 50; old Roosters. $4 5005- Fry
ers, $4(f?4 60; Broilers. $3®» 50; Pigeons '$1 25
pe r dozen for old and $1 5u@2 for Squab's
GAME — Wild Doves. $1 pe r dozen- Gray
Oeeae, $4 50 per dozen; Hare. $1 2501*50 p#r
dozen: Rabbits. $2 per dozen for Cottontails
and $1 50 for Brush. "™ U1U
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was no further change in quotations
yesterday, but fine Butter and Eggs were well
cleaned up and firm, with some sales over
top quotations. Cheese was also firm, with
the shelves about as bare as they were full
some llttlo time ago. ' •
Receipts were 31,800 lbs Butter 401 cases
Eggs and 30.000 lbs Cheese. ' Mes
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands 29c for
extras and 2C5J2Sc for medium grade's- dairy
21@24c; cold storage, 24c; store Butter l7Sr>6c'
Eastern creamery. 21% ©23 C ;- Eastern ladle-'
packed. 16®17c per lb. .
CHEESE-»-10@llc for .choice- mild new and
SH69V4C tor lower grades; Young AmerlcaY
UOhflo! Oregon. U©llc; Eastern. 10®15c per
pound.
EGGS— Ranch. 39e for large whits re
lected. 37@3Sc for choice and 3 t@35c * for
common: cold storage. 27*ii?j»3uc; «tore ¦ nom.
lnal; Eastern. 25@2Sc for firsts and 2 n <B°ic for
•eccnds and 21c for bakers'.. . w
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The- inclement .weather checked trade in
fresh .fruits yesterday,, as local buyers were
not purchasing as freely as they usually do
on Saturday. Changes in prices however
were slight and strictly fancy offerings of all
descriptions -continued to bring good figures
Fnney Oregon Peaches were In limited sup
ply and met with a good call at CCHffSSc tier
box. while for ordinary offerings of California
I fruit 50c was about the top. Thp other tree
fruits sto'od about as previously quoted with
supplies of all descriptions well up to re
quirements. Prices of some varieties of table
. Grapes In small packages wera a little lower
owing to the lack of demand for shlpuir.jt
but the market was In better shape than at
any time during the pan week, offerings of
old and wet stock being less liberal than pre
viously. The market was steady ,- for open
boxes, particularly for the' Muscat variety*
th»j bent lots of Vwhlch readily commanded the
top quotation. Receipts of Wine Grapes were
light and prices of good stock .were well main
tained." The best- lots or Strawberries broucht
a slight advance, but there was plenty of or
dinary stock available at easy prices, LOnr
worth Strawberries were offering in small
quantities and sold at price* ranging' from
40c to' C3c per drawer. Citrus and Tropical
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
47
AUCTION SALES
.&* i^> jfc&
100 Horses for Sale
J. V. BUTTON will sell at PUBLIC AUC-
TION. ONE HUNDRED^ HORSES, broken
and unbroken, weighing from 100O to 130O
pounds. This Is the third and last consign-
ment of the doubU square bor»es which wUI
Jm offered at auction this season and are- th«
best all-purpose norset »v«r offered for •*!•
on this market.
Sale Takes Plase MONDAY, Oct. 10
At J. B/ HOBisrs"sALESYARD f .
Cor. TENTH and BRTANT ST3.
Horses can te seen at yards any day previ-
ous to vale.
..AUCTION SALE..
8O HEAD TROTTIXG-BRED HORSES.
TUESDAY EVENING. OCT. IS. 13OI.
At 7:43 o'clock.
AT 1732 MARKET ST.. Cor. VAN NES3 AVB.
Consignments from the estate of Jesse D.
Carr, Salinas; Hon. W. A. Shlppee. Nelson:
K. O'Grady, San Mateo. and A. F. Baker.
Saa Jose.
CONSISTING OF
Mares, Geldlncs. Colt» and Fillies, by Haw-
thorne. Dlctatus Wllkes. Hart Boswell. Boodle.
Boodle Jr., Dlctatus Medium and other good
elres. and out nf high-class mares. On sar.m
evening we will sell a number of twr> and
three year old draft colts; good individuals.
Send for Catalogue.
Horses at yard October 15.
FRED H. CHASE * CO..
Livestock Auctioneer*.
& fe
Complete Dispersal Sale
OF
OCCIDENTAL
HORSE EXCHANGE,
246 THIRD STREET.
Everything to be sold to th« highest bi&ler.
without reserve; SO head of Horses. Harnesse*.
Saddles. Buggies. Robes. Blankets. Office Fix-
tures, 000 Chairs, lease and good will, both o£
utable and pavilion. The latter tha finest sola
mart west of Chicago: locality unsurpassed.
Sale takes place next
TUESDAY OCTOBER 11. 130*
Commencing at 11 o'clock.
Inspection solicited Sunday and Monday.
OCCIDENTAL 8TABLE3:
AUCTION SALS
75--H0RSES--75
By order of O. B. Llttl* of Dixon. Solano
County. Cal.. w» will sell 75 MAKES and
GELDINGS, four to eight years old. weighing
from 100O to 1300 pounds. About one-third of
this lot have boen handled, part of them hava
been thoroughly broken. These hones aro
heavy-boned, close built and blocky and show
much better breeding than the average horso
brought to th« auction ring. The owner being
In very poor health and not able to attend to
his business. Is forced to close them out.
£ale takes plica
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 13. 1904.
at 11 a. m., at
J. B. HORAN'S 6 ALES YARDS. TENTH
AND BRYANT STS. San Francisco. CaJ.
Horses at yard Wednesday. October 13.
HORD A SMITH. Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE
By order of proprietor of th» Willow Livery
Ftable. on Mission St., between S«v«nteenth
and Eighteenth. I will sell at public auction
the entire contents of stable, consisting of 73
irood work, driving and business horses. 10O
different styles nf vehicles, such as business,
top and rubber tire bugzies. all kinds of surrey j.
wagonettes. 4-se.aters. 2-seaters. carts, light
and express and grocery wagons, 80 sets of
single and doublo harness, whips, robes, blan-
kets, barn fixtures and everything that goes
to mako up a first-class livery stable: this
stock Is ln gotfd working condition, so any
one deslrln.r a good horsa or vehicle will do
welt to wait for this closing out sale, aa every-
thing must Dcsltlvely be sold: no reserve or
limit: parties retiring from business. Sale
FRIDAY. OCT. U, 11 a. m. WM. CLOUGU.
Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE.
COLUMBUS BUGGT COMPANY OF CALI-
FORNIA.
1323 and 1325 MARKET ST.
MONDAY, October 10. at 2 p. m..
I will sell fcr the account of the Columbus
Buggy Company of California all of the bug-
Cles. carriages, carts, whips, robes, blankets,
extra wheels, shafts, poles, buggy seats, trim-
mings, etc.
This sale is made to clean up the balance of
the stock of tb« Columbus Buggy Company cf
California. JOHN J. DOYLK. Auctioneer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
156% ADVANCE
Gat Into Goldfleld. Nevada. 2Tow.-
November 13th thi price of stcclc will ad-
vance to 5 cents per share. Present price. 2
cents Der share: cash or ln»t<t!lm»nta..- Pap
value'. Jl.CO per share, non-assessable. Ara do-
velopir*: -10 acres of rlrh gold land in the fa-
mous Goldfield district, close' to the Iartre.it
producers. Own all our property. No debts.
Are ileveicpliMr property anil have struck good
ore body, therefor* price will advance to S
cents i*r share — 130 p»r cent — on November
13th. and stock will be withdrawn entirely
when we reach the high pracJe ore bodies which
we ferl sure will soon bo opened up In our
shaft. Remember, now is the time to get ln
on this exceptionally good property at lowest
possible trice. Fortunes made every day \ n
Goldfleld and we may strike It any day. Writs
or wire et once for particulars, or call at our
local office.
THE BIG ELK GOLD MINES CO.. »
718 Italian- American Bank bid*., " : •
San Francisco. Cai.>
THE" SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9. 1904.
SAYS CONDUCTOR KEPT CASH.-Da.vld
lounsr Jr.. division superintendent tor the
United Kallroads. obtained a warrant from
Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the ar
raignment of J. E. McLeiaUr, a conductor on
the Fillmore-street line, on a ciiarge of mis
demeanor embezzlement. It Is alleged that
McLeJster failed to turn ln $32 8w which ha
had collected on Friday for fares.
She lost her balance and fell. The
child's head struck a bookcase on the
first floor that inflicted a deep gash
Dr. Perlenky was called and on his
advice the child was removed to the
Children's Hospital.
The stockholders .in the White
Swan .Mines Company, or some of
them, are going to take a hand in the
litigation already involving the corpo
ration, its officers and promoters. The
suit begun yesterday names Horatio
Adams and 160 others, owners of 168,
713 shares of the company's stock,
who ask for an injunction to pre
vent the sale on October 15 of their
holdings for delinquent assessments.
They allege that their certificates
are "fully paid and non-assessable";
that the assessment of 5 cents a share
levied on June 21 is invalid because
the directors and the secretary who
called the alleged meeting at which
the levy was made were not legally
elected; that the debts of the mine are
not more than $5000, while the as
sessment ig for $56,160 30.
They say, too, that the assessment
is in furtherance of a scheme of J. N.
Woodward, former secretary, to have
the delinquent stock purchased by the
company. The complaint declares that
Major L. N. Lykke and C. H. Stuller
were not legally elected directors nor
the owners of. the certificates of stock
claimed by them. The matter. of the
forced resignation of Letson Balliet as
president and K. G. Shea as asisstant
secretary is again recited.
Owners of White Swan Shares Ask
Court to Enjoin Delinquent Sale
for Assessment.
STOCKHOLDERS JOIN SUIT
AGAINST MINING COMPANY
• Evelyn Wiley, a seven-year-old girl
living in Silver street, fell from the
third floor -of the Rincon Grammar
School yesterday and fractured her
skull. She will probably die.
' The little, one was in a room with
the janitress. ,She left the woman
and started • to play on the banister.
Evelyn Wiley, While- Playing on Ban
ister, Loses Balance and Strikes
Boolicase.
LITTLE GIRL FALLS , THREE
STORIES .IN RINCON SCHOOL
William Alvord, president of the
Bank of California, who was appoint
ed a precinct election officer by the
Election Commission, appeared at .the
Registrar's office yesterday and asked
to be excused from , serving. Mr. Al
vord stated-that he is 72 years of age
and very feeble. Commissioner Voor
sanger thereupon excused Alvord from
serving. -Maurice Block, who was ap
pointed a ballot clerk in. the precinct
in which he resides, was sworn in and
will fulfill the duties of the position
Alvord Excused From Serving.
The series of university extension
lectures on' Napoleon, which Professor
H. Morse Stephens will deliver for the
Mechanics'. Institute, will begin to
morrow nigiit in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion art gallery. The Mechanics' In
stitute has bought from . California
Commandery, Knights Templar, all of
the decorations used in the art gal
lery-during the recent conclave and
the hall is now admirably suited for
lecture purposes. The subject of the
first lecture is "Establishment of the
Consulate in France, 1799; Early Ca
reer of the First Consul, Napoleon
Bonaparte." '
Morse Stephens to ' Lecture.
• Detective Peter Lewin of the South
ern Pacific 1 Company went to San Luis
Obispo on Friday night and yesterday
Detective T. L. Ryan of the local de
partment ' received a dispatch from
him that he had recovered there 5000
cigars besides kodaks. : liquors, silks
and other goods stolen from freight
cars by John \ C. Weston and Frank
Rixey, brakemen, who lived there.
They are in the City Prison here wait
ing to be transferred to Santa Bar
bara for trial on three charges of
grand larceny each. . Lewin has not
yet finished his search for the brake
men's loot.
Recovers Stolen Goods.
Minna Dunn comes to the courts for
recompense for her disappointment in
not getting the proprietorship of a
"respectable" lodging-house and for
the reimbursement of $1200 paid for
furniture and a' leasehold, which in
no manner .came up to the represen
tations alleged to have been made by
those who sold it to her. Her suit for
the recovery of $950 and $500 puni
tive damages is directed against Bri
getta Seitz, former lessee of 62 Ellis
street and H. C. Decker, a lodging
house broker-
She charges them with fraud, deceit,
censpiracy and other things. She was
to have the furniture . and a seven
years' lease for the $1200, which/she
says, she paid on .January' 23. : The
furniture, she avers, is not worth more
than $250. The ¦ profit -of' $120'. prom
ised by them. turned out to be a loss,
and instead of the house being re
spectable it is occupied by women of
the lower strata and liquor is sold on
the premises. Mrs. .Dunn says ;that
Mrs. Seitz . even misrepresented the
number of rooms in the house.
Minna Dunn Says She Was Deceived
and Defrauded by Lessee
and Agent.
who says she lives at 241 Chestnut
Robert S. Woolbridse, a Bartender,
Cuts Special Officer John Young
on Head With Knife.
A married woman from Oakland
was the apparently Innocent cause of
a stabbing affray in a lodging-house
at 35 Turk street early yesterday
morning. She is Mrs. Ellen Jackson,
Frank J. Hillin, manager of the
Tuscan Springs resort, whose disap
pearance from that place two weeks
ago, has been followed by stories of
his having left many unpaid bills, is
a guest at the Occidental Hotel, where
he and his wife have been for sev
eral days. Regarding the stories pub
lished about him, Hillin said yester
day there was no truth in them, add
ing that they had emanated from the
owner of the Tuscan Springs prop
erty, with whom Hillin said* he had
had trouble over the lease of the re
sort.
.Hillin added that he had no inten
tion of running away, but had been
compelled to leave the springs because
of his ill health.,, He bonded the
property' a year ago from H. -B. Wal
bridge, the owner, and claims lie has
lost about $8000 on -the. investment.
Falling to 'get along ,wlth iWalbridge.
.Hillin says he finally decided to give
up his lease and wrote to ' his wife
from San Diego, authorizing • her to
act for him during his absence. His
wife finally joined him in this city." ,
Manager of Tuscan Springs Denies Se
rious Charges That Were Re
cently Made Against Him.
Among those who participated were
Ben Greet and his company of play
ers, Ferris Hartman from the Tivoli,
the Golden Gate quartet,. consisting of
Frank Onslo.-RVA. Macurda, J. de P.
Teller and Harry Perry: Milton H.
Schwartz, Judge Henry ; Melvin. the
De Koven Club of Berkeley, Super
visor J. M. Booth, E. Myron Wolf and
Rea Hanna. .. :
The" committee m in charge of the
evening's entertainment • consisted of
John- Bouse, Dr. C ' M. Westerfeld
and !H." Li '. Paddock. The. supply of
refreshments was. a particular feature
of the evenins. - . . •¦ ¦ ¦ -
The programme provided for the
entertainment of the club members
and their guests was of unusual mer
it. Professional as well as local ama
teur talent assisted and many, im
promptu ' selections were rendered by
members of the club.
The members of the .University of
California Club held a jinks and
smoker last night in the handsomely
furni3hed clubhouse at 297 Geary
street. The affair was Informal and
the general spirit of good fellowship
that marks nil the events of the club
was not lacking:.
Members Gather for Informal Good
Time and Local and Professional
Talent Appear.
HILLIN SAYS HE IS
NOT RUNNING AWAY
HOUSE NOT RESPECTABLE;
SHE WANTS MONEY BACK
street, Oakland. She Is only 22 years
old and had her child, about three
years of age, with her.
Mrs. Jackson was discovered by the
landlady in the room of Robert S.
Woolbridse, a bartender In a saloon
at Sixth and Bryant streets. When
questioned she said that Woolbridge
had sent her there. When Woolbridge
arrived "about 2 o'clock the landlady
objected to his going: to his room
while Mrs. Jackson and her child were
there. "Woolbridge roughly shoved
her aside and Special Officer John
Young, who happened to be present,
struck Woolbridge in the face. Wool
bridge retaliated by cutting Young on
the head with a knife.
Policemen Cullinane and O'Brien
were called In and they arrested
Woolbridge on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. They searched
for the knife, but could not find It.
Young went in a hack to the Central
Emergency Hospital. where the
wound ln his head was stitched and
dressed. Mrs. Jackson and her child
were taken to the Cijty Prison, where
they found shelter for the night. In
the morning she left for her home,
taking the child with her.
WOMAN'S PRESENCE LEADS
TO A STABBING AFFRAY
CALIFORNIA UNIVERSITY
CLUB HOLDS A SMOKER
48
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 KiKirT STSSET. Opp. Tlfth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
HAVE YOU
Ever considered the Investment
propositions ln the Business
Chance Columns?
Some opportunities that may
suit your capital advertised to-
day- — Investigate.
THAT MAN PITTS
Wfes^ DEVELOPING
3r& MINTING
k|! 3t Co f Rates
KSKKgjI * * *
Y : *^5W I: excel In this
1 work, because I
1 ' va have had Ions ex-
jW™*Hr\ perience in it and
jglffrflB ggk because I am prop-
ffi^WH JBP erly equipped for it.
¦vWaaBBF Give me a trial.
v "^ SETTLOFIMa:
HoU of 6..... ZOo I Roll of 12 15c
PailTTIB'O:
Solio finish... 3c-5c |, Velox finish.. 3c-6o
DATUOET Z.OAOZVO rilMS— In
all popular sizes. Popular prices.
AKSCO CAMERAS — From 82 up.
CzJLO ?KOTO P1PEE — Prints by
ga^IJght. Beautiful effects.
Cameras repaired at moderate
rates.
Mail orders promptly filled.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— ' ™ s , - hauts.
BALE'S. I HALE'S. | HJTK'S. (_ HAIiE'S. I > HALE'S. I "* J "
Annual October Sale Silks— Black and Colored— Starts To-Morrow
October event. Now thousands of yards of finished silks are here and ready to-morrow.
C Hprp Arp the Fanr v Silks ° et t * ie a * ues Tell the Story
OClC AlC LUC 1 dllUy OIIKO of how this Hale six-store strength has been strained to bring San Francisco women such an op- o — TT °
An important chapter. By themselves enough to make portunity to buy g Ood silks as they haven't had before; to add another rung to the ladder of W Q HaVe Added DrCSS ClOOdS
a silk sale of extraordinary importance; coupled to the , T , .,, T . • r> n ±r i • *. .. cf» i ;„ Tt'c R^nit* wp arr rrivimr VVC: J- 1^- vv - r^vava^v^i wi^^-w v-»^
black silks see how much more they mean. Every new style, Hal c silk supremacy. It is Results, not Causes; you are interested in. Its Results we are iving opportunity>
every good shade, and every quality good. But let the val-. here. Results in thousands of yards of beautiful black taffetas, peau de soies and colored and lancy £.^ wantcd nQW and at prices to make the m
ues talk for themselves. silks on a scale, in a variety, of a quality, and at prices such as we haven't had before. companions to the silks.
Fancy Silks at 40c: Striped Peau de Cygne 75c: Take this , . Black Cheviot, 60c yard: Broadcloth, $1.00 yard.
SSS^IffifeS !S-« »£" 21=in. Taffeta at 35c Yd. $1 Black Peau de Soie, 70c M^^vggg m£MmM
i'-rroYc.""""""" 0 -"" 16 " '*"• If» Ju« a starting gong; a pur*, natural silk, un- It's Si in. wide. It's extra heavy, fine, velvety, . «K* "^" l " "f. • Now 60c - yl'rd.™"" 3 """^ ""''
The new Glace Silk, 75c: Royal Taffeta at 58c yard: 'filled, a perfect, rich black with a Rood luster and double faced silk (as arc all these other peau de soies.) 40 -inch Mohair at 35c: Heavy Skirtings, 75c.
» lnci« T "de it 7 . 5 .... I,-, a Hal, .Ilk of unu.ual ,x- rus.le. Not a bit of chemical has been used to fill Take th,s .1 m. on. at 85c mstcad ot $..2S- ,„ w.ck ««»« w«v. Tn .7.r7 u^- »." at half
SS-i. H^^ " " ft 5 "- i# '-- H O you h^,?t re a S^SS 0^l^mM^ "e who,e silk store has never s iven such a den.on Sj -gj.- «-' M
inches -wide Ji.oo jara. rrom. black taffcU f or> don ' t m iss sharing this. stration as it is giving now, starting to-morrow. Black 50-incH SicUlan* at 50c. rials, variety of different pat-
Black^Peau de Cygne at $x: Lining Silk at 35c yard: Here>s a™" 1 " »-*"• Wack *«^e*» a* ««• instead of s i]ks especially, but fancy silks haven't been forgotten. 54-iacH Sicilian, at 75c. - tern3 - 75c >' ar<L
Jl.^S.^^rt^^^tr^r 2 ! J n ,, 40 colors ' 19 A n F hcs wld !; "a 24-in. Wack taffeta at 65c. instead of 75c We have filled two big windows full so you can see opportunity still greater yet J-— ~J— j
tiiche* y 1 ** 5* $1 J:° ins } e t?«°- f f V 11 4 meas V, re - TT ( , Its ?^ good ¦*¦ a 7- ta - WaoJc taffeta at 75c, instead of 90c. them to-day. Comparison will bring out the better- *-* *« Morts Mads hree
*I.36;21 tncae* wide at $1^5. plan to notice Hale widths in A yard wide black taffeta that should be $1.35 la " y , ... , •„ u I,-'- We will Cut and fit any garment free AGAIN Tins vtekk
instead of J1.50. Different comparing the prices and qual- maxke-d 85c ness ot these values as nothing else will. The closer TT * *.¦ wut - J *• lt>a tlme to thJnk of
quaJities. different prices than ities.) Every bit silk. it's ,,' u . j j ui i 1 •«• ?»,» K»*t«^ ».,« ,,,;u i;t#> it W«» want vnn & Miler will be with us another week. the rainy day " gklrt
you have cevr paid before in equal to any 45c silk we have It's a great opportunity to buy standard black you make it the better we will like it. We want vou • «£« man
this Hale October sale. Been.. silks . Everv price stands for a quality better than it to buy where you can buy best. We want to prove cu t and fitted tr« ? in a7v style^^you want and IS tailor win make you
O- • -O usually stands for. to you, that you can buy best here. elaborate as you want. "Materials costing: 25c to * . ?£;[> h s^' rt thA fr " t \ :
, . 75c yard they will cut and pin free. Materials J,"1 a 7" your ord^-arv
3000 Cotton Towels q+j a off O:il^ \\r^Z^4-~ <!>Q C*K I n»\**** ' I Millinery interest reaches its gy^g 75c yard cr more they win «* pm and ckirt lgRg \ h . ••
To Sell at ?J>4-.t55 fellR WaiStS, $d.b5 Thc:i J^?tkot turns height to-morrow In : 0
Bleached, fine, heavy, absorbent Such Pretty New Styles as You See in the Picture into a beautiful livin« D A nnl5^^ Fh*./^^^ Hr.4-^ Bear Brand Yarns
weave; plain white. As Rood for j , . fe h fe . kind ' l3eaUIilUl UlGSS liaiS Are all here 7IOW.
hotels as it is for private families, e ¦ r tl/ "//"f / * t
and as unusual for bi K buyers as it fiHHf ° f a Stir to -» lorrow » lor cver > r woman Will be with us another week. n Here are the prices we will sell
will be for the small. It's another wants a silk waist and every woman will It's good news we hadn t J\^ •PO.UU cUlU %p 1 «J,UU them at:
Hale oooortunitv You will see how a^fl^T " «^ be glad to pay such an under-price as hoped to print. Pneao . e ' Shetland rioss, $l.ao n>. or 10c skein.
towel at S 5 iC. M' ¦X^S. v^| themselves. haven't heon at>:e to seo this reCtlV irom UUr lmporcCtl niOULlS. .NO, ¦raSinUxJ^v, hank.
TarklBh Towel, at 44c— An odd line of TllCSC are made OUt of Lotlisilie and wonderful illusion we have pro- -copied" doCS not fit. These special »«»«*«»» Zephyr. SI JO 1b. or 10c:
d b i 1^e h n e t d: sty?e t s. all ifs th l the beautiful, soft Peau de Cygne ; trim- n?bi!V?o? aSjhS^. e " imported hats have served as models. W&fowm spaSh vam. si. 2 5 ib. or 15c h^. |
?:£%-Z <%^y tO Pi^ med with French knots or lace inser- ,„? S!i ?^w* h^ n ?h^ ln f« The ideas they contain have beenim-
and hemstitched Turkish towels at K 'AS \YWl &mjS&/ tion to form a yoke. Full sleeves. They ;? or - Af ternoonrfrom OI 2 to 4:30! proved, Americanized, made practical, Indii^"Sf^eSht 010 ' softi
rrnch TmvpHnrr of 7 1/ n L^^^lf^^L come in lavender, white, tan, royal, Every day tins week. and, we think, with a gain in beauty. They make ?he pretties tTAnit things
Wd511 lUWCIUIg dl //2C • v \VvvJ.C^' t *'/^/^r<3** black li^llt blue, olive green and grav. Admittance Tree They prove as nothing else can the "better- for Christmas: shawls and vests.
It's all linpn ar.d 17 inches wide. It's dL^^Sfh^ L -i j a * " PSS of the bigness" of this Hale millinery '!(, 7±aK$a
a rcpular 10c quality; unbleached. /TTtefil cc them tO-morrOW, SCCOIld HOOr, at Children must be aooompa- store. W s&gF
7fcc yard. '^¦^f / ? C-. £- nied by parents or guardian. styles you would pay $12.00 for at exclu- y^r^K^
" *¦— - Knit Underwear *?& d^^^\ 28 " in - Trunk at $4.00
Men's Sweaters, 98c A^J M^\\7 Tniirict Pn^ + Q For Womcn and Childrcn '> SSJ hat. that win be to-mor- tS^W $o-in. one, $4.50; &<n. one,
Instead of %ir 2 o: 'Ail Sizes. /AilU JNeW lUUllCM V^Uai^ warmer kinds. $5.00; 34-//1. one, $5.50; 3 6^».
Swell sweaters, Sn black, navy and The favorite styles for f&l!. They're swell. , Splendidly An opportunity to buy them and ported.) • -'•- o;;^ $6-00.
maroon, with double roll collars, made, of splendid materials. Here they are at $6.75, $IO.OO, save this week at naie s. The rain of yesterday and day before gave us, an opportunity we were Th^vVe all canvas eovmrf
heavy rib, nicely finished. Not a $1" ;o $12 7^. This Hale Store is your Store and you are as wel- Garments at 35C glad to have. Our workroom was like a beehive and to-morrow will be al- m^* y stro L\ y cleated with brass
great number of them. That's the con £ to lo^ as to buy . The look of to-day ma/lead up to the me E n x t l s ra S* of Th e^ r a e siz u e n d U3 / a fr; most like another first day in the millinery season lock/strong straps. Every one has
reason they are 98c. It's a "stock- hnv of to morrow \\r e are clad to have you come and look. large for unusually large women. Choose from fine silk velvet hats, trimmed with dainty plumes para- COV tred hat tray and easy rolling
lightening" movement. We wouldn't - ,?J to - mor . rO .^' U . e f' P ream h iT tS eck^nd^Sne sle^ves^ dise aigrettes or ornaments. Hats with the new fur trimmings. Choose castors.
be surprised to sec them all go to- e es P eciallv want y ou to p&nls are ankle "length and have from such a variety as you seldom see; in every color, shape and style. Espe- Unusual trunk values when it's hard
morrow. Don't be late. Vqq ffie COdtS Clt S6.75 5SSESJ3S?- %£ the £i£ifto- dally black and especially at $8.00 and $1000. feAlfer^}S^^£^S&
Men'« Underwear, 4Oc BTanaeat— Regular vJ«?«? LIIKZ Vl/UU «-*-«. r v# " *^ thirds wool, th« genuine Oneita . / a decrease In quality or an incresae
oOc value; cotton ribbed, comfortable. Tn,,r; c » rmtc in M^t nvfnrri mivtnrpv swell stvlcs with dark cranite suits > hi Sh necxs, long sleeves: In price with most stores. Not with
heavy and warm winter weight; form , lounst coats, in dark Uxtord mixtures, swensi>ics, wun aarKgraniie anRle , th ln natura i gray . pie s. TV e foresaw what was com-
mtinp. The>'re well made, with cov- cloth collar and cuffs, trimmed with black braid. Side pockets that are and cream . / . i"5 and bought early and big. Seo
ered seams; come in gray, blue and as convenient as can be Shoulders are lined. $675. At 51.50 g-arment— Saxony wool /¦ # /** j • £-r • fem . , J' 1^ 1 " ™® ans . downstairs to-mor- j
A 11 ,,,c 5 « t ..c 8 , rm ,n t ,,. m or. lt ';^ i « t h tok aM « «»*», .*« r i&f^SKSBBsaKBa SfaxvL. Curtain Swiss, TAc sasss^™ tWntin£ tru ° k '
mixture, fancy collar; cuffs and pocket coats, in _ Oxford, gray, brown and tan around the neck with silk ribbon. V ~
ma i e f f , blac > and r h l l e l r ° & £ with" hinTouiS ffied "wit™ At'Vsc s |a™ n ekt- Australian wool Lace Curtains at $1.50; Art Silkolines at ioc yard; Art De-
f\ri\t*r Kir Mo SI cloth> trImmed with soutache braid; fancy braid> buttons and broadcloth. mixed (SS^dnanU sizes r • t/j T"'-r-««-.
Order by Mail shoulder, lined. Tourist coats in covert cloth, for women. JS 44 Snished wfth^Uk' tape . nilllS at I2^C yard. TeHHlS FlaHHel, 7^0
r <hivthiiia iu T/jtc 4J At $12.76— Tourist coat of gray mixed from 515.00. And for girls, from At 50o— Egyptian vests and pants. T>,, f iL... Jt-me'nnlv <;rart tlip irnnrl tipws from thp second 77,,* T?»~..t ~ , r\ iv.
.inyiiWlg Ul 1 lUS Sia. material, cape piped with black velvet; J12.75. In fai3hion'8 newest fancies, fleece lined, with high necks and lillt these Items Olll> Stan me gOOU news irom mesecona rur Regular IOC Oliahtx.
Send us your name so we can send 'boulders lined. wlth or without ca P es - ititchingf^ 8 ' fln:Shed SheU floor drapery store. It's another broad, big move indicative of the It's a fine fleece flannel, heavier than
you our new fall catalog. ZZww « —^ Children's Oneita Suits 50c — Fleece- . anarmr nrif ] nr ,, Uf , r thp<;p Halp siv stnrps ir«> flirpctino 1 to y° u ordinarily see at ioc. It's an
it brings aii the advantages we can. give 4 4\T 7 i# - v 4. A _ _*# f\~m « O - - Z 4- lined combination -suits, with great energy and power tnese naie six stores are directing 10 extra value for «t M Wm^. ?
Wooltex" — On a Suit — Karffv^^'ss. i?jji your advantage. "oSo^ar/AcA'rd. 1 " 13 " 1 " 5 to -
OUBJtf Iff * Or Skirt-Or Coat-Means Much to Women JJVjir" ""£» . a ffl> I 5SiS? -^. ta ™S<SS!f T *- Ul "#?*£?*'>&: ttSTft <&MJff 'W m
jSZSfr M> /£$& ™*0m- Tt slands for a higher standard of style, quality and economy than any /W signs; use them for either the inches wide. You will need them J^S?^ /W y^^^>^<^s^s
&W J$-^^^^*f*^J?* 1 *^' All-wool material. Faultless tailoring. Perfect finishing. All coupled to- /M JS$f &W? 4g& gggr jgffig to°S1.50. ** ' * 3 l-3c each. /$/ /^ *J^~^ /^^ '{^S^Jj-r**^^
JP*' \Z^G<***r* /»/iAA*y gether to make perfect individual style. /Mf ~^2^£zr- — — — — — "^^^ Vestibule Panel Heis— Dainty nets Art Burlap 12^0 yard — Figured art /JSl 0^
~*^'~>mmZ2£!f_*:'lZZ~~^ We're plad to be the only ones to have the -'Wooltex" product in San Fran- -~^^*~G&& Gmo*S>^<r for vestibule curtaining, in white. burlap, for wall ciiverings or cozy * — OW^^^-
nr 1 4. «?*> 4. *r c- *t, c 17 cisco - R^d about it in the magazines. Find out how much it means at Hale* s . J . . - _ 27 inches wide. 30c yard. 35c and corner work. 36 inches wide. 12%c
Market Street, Near Sixth, S. F. before you buy your new winter outfit. Market Street, Near Sixth, S. F. 40c. yard. • Market Street, Near Sixth, S. F.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Trunks, Suit Cases
and Leather Goods
In unlirfiited styles and vari-
eties at the right price. >few
and /up-to-date goods con-
arriving. Our goods
are always dependable. Don't
fail to call on us when you
are interested.
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, near. Powell,