THE WXATECEB.
rorecast made at Saa rran
' Cisco for thirty hours ending 1
midnight, October 3:
Saa Francisco and vicinity
Fair Moaday, except foggy la
the morniaff and at alffht; liffht
west wiad.
G. E. WHiIiSOIf , .
/ liocal Forecaster.
Temporarily in Charg-o.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 125.
TWO KILLED AND MANY INJURED BY BEING HURLED FROM CAR
TWO MEN WHO WERE 'KILCED1N. STREET CAR 'ACCIDENT AT "CLEMENT .
STREET AND EIGHTH- AVENUE YESTERDAY. -THREE OF THE. INJURED
AND MOTORMAN IN CHARGE OF THE CAR.' , I
One bullet struck Swearingen between
the eyes, tearing its course 'along over
the eyebrow. Three other balls struck
him on the head, one nipped the bridge
of his nose, while another made a
glancing wound on the side of his head.
Swearingen dodged back from the
door and ran into the street, shouting
for help, and the assassin escaped into
the darkness. The victim of the assault
was taken to a physician . and his
wounds dressed. He was walking about
the streets to-day.
OSKALOOSA, Iowa, Oct. 2.— I*. A.
Swearingen. a prominent citizen and
pioneer, business man of this citv, nar
rowly escaped assassination in his home
early this morning. As he entered the
kitchen at the rear of his house an un
known assailant fired six shots point
blank at him at close range.
V
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Iowa Man Shot in the Head
Six Times Walks About
the Streets the Next Day
BULLETS FAIL
TO KILL HIM
WAUKEGAN, 111.;- Oct. 2.— Apostle
John Alexander Dowie gave an un
usual exhibition of modesty to-day in
his address at- Zion City. He said:
"There .is no , such thing as equality
among the divine. Even the Trinity
are not . equal. Therefore there . ean
be no comparison between myself and
the .rest of the divines. There are
some things I do not know, even Christ
does riot -know everything."
Self Exalted Apostle of Zlon City
> 3 lakes An Unusual Display .
:¦''.- - ' * of Modesty. . . j
DOWIE SAYS THERE ARE SOME
THINGS HE DOES NOT KNOW
"I have, on behalf of the President
of Panama, filed with the State De
partment our complaint and request
that the orders of General- Travis be
stopped, pending a settlement. After
waiting twenty days I received a note
saying that- John Barrett, the United
States Minister at Panama, is the man
to deal with. -We have never been able
to'get any satisfaction out of our deal
ings with Barrett."
Further than this Minister Obaldia
would only say that he had filed with
the State Department an exposition of
alleged violations of the trtaty by the
¦United -States in taking up authority
in the canal zone. Chief among these
alleged violations is the establishment
of a port ,of entry at the city of Pana
ma, where the United States, by order
of .General Davis, Governor of the ca
'hal zone^ Is calling duty on goods from
other countries. Said Minister Obal
dia:'
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— "The United
States is great and powerful and Pan
ama' Is a young and much weaker re
public, but does this mean that the
Washington administration shall be
judge, Jury and the whole! court?"
This was the comment made to-day by
Senor J.- Obaldia, Panama Minister to
the United States, in discussing the
statement that a movement had been
started to 'protest to Tne Hague Trib
unal against the alleged oppressions by
the American Government on the isth
mus." Ti '• '
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
BINGHAMTON, N. Y.. Oct. 2.—
Frank . Rowe shut himself in a room
with a mad dog to-day to study hydro
phobia with no weapon" but a, poker.
About fifteen years ago Rowe was bit
ten "by'a mad dog. He has had trouble
from the wound ever since. There have
been several cases of rabies in the vi
cinity of Rowe's home. This afternoon
his dog suddenly began to act strange
ly, frothing \at the- mouth and acting
like a mad creature. Rowe got the dbg
into his kitchen, shut his wife out of
the room and, with, a poker, sat down
in the corner, so that the dog could at
tack' him only in., front/ Then
watched developments. - • ; ' ;
After frothing at the mouth and
running around, the . dog j was seized
with convulsions. Coming out of. this
fit, he lay quiet, for a few minutes and
then attacked his, master. .Rowe beat
it off with'; the poker. For half an hour
the dog attacked Rowe and writhed in
convulsions .by . turn. Then Rowe es
caped from the room and shot the dog
through a window. '
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Man Makes Study of
Close Range.
Complaint Is Made
by Representative
of Panama.
GETS INTO
ROOM WITH
A MAD DOG
MINISTER
BARRETT IS
CRETICIZED
Continued on Page 2, Column 8.
Continued ' on < Pace ' 2. ;; Column ':¦ 2.
PITTSBURG. Pa.. Oct 2. — The lo
cal police are wrestling with what ap
pears to, be a mysterious murder case.
The boC/of a young woman, dressed
richly, was found in the Allegheny
River to-day a short distance beyond
the Union bridge. The body, which
had evidently been in "the water but a
few hours, . bore wounds on the fore
head and several small cuts. The dead
•woman apparently was about 25 year*
old.
to Be a Mysterious Mur
der Case.
Pittsburr Police Face What Appears
BODY OF WELL DRESSED
WOMAN FOUND IN RIVER
"When the car left the park terminus,
shortly before 5 o'clock, it was loaded
to it« - utmost capacity. Passengero
stood on the steps and it was almost
impossible for any more to get aboard.
All went well. until the vehicle reached
SWINGS AROUND CURVE.
Car No. 1017 of the Eddy street line,
heavily laden with passengers, struck
a curve at. the corner of Eighth avenue
and Clement street while running at a
high rate of speed yesterday afternoon.
Frederick Fendsen, a bartender, was
almost instantly killed; Sergeant Harry
Curran, a soldier stationed at Fort
Mason, was so badly hurt that he died
in a few hours, and a score more pas
sengers were injured by being hurled
to the pavement and agrainst another
car coming from an opposite direction
on an adjacent track. Several who
were injured are in a precarious con
dition and have been removed to hos
pitals.
The motorman, L. G. Reed, offers as
an excuse for the accident failure of
the brakes to work. Stories told by
many who were aboard the vehicle or
on the street near by are to the effect
that the carman applied his brakes too
late. They also say that the quick
time policy, which <• is especially, in.
vogue on this branch of the* United
Railroads, is accountable for the affair.
Several • accidents of a similar nature
have recently occurred in this section
of the city. Motormen on cars that run
to the park and cliff say that their time
schedules are constantly being short
ened, and surprise v is expressed that
more fatalities are not the result. Of
ficials of the company are. reticent as
to details, and their agents 'were quick
ly on the scene cautioning employes
not to talk. An investigation will be
made to-day and the responsibility
fixed. 1 *
As soon as the hews of the accident
reached; the Park, Police: Station Cap
tain , Henry Gleason , ordered two pa
trol wagons and an ambulance 'to the
scene and 'sent air available policemen
The wounded, some of them uncon-'.
scious and bleeding, were carried into
neighboring stores,. and beveral physi
cians who reside In the neighborhood
came, to. render aid. Fendsen died soon
after he was picked up. His skull was
fractured "and ¦ he never' regained '< con
sciousness, n Sergeant Harry Ciirran
also suffered from a fracture of -the.
skull andrinternal 1 injuries. Despite the
care of ' physicians ' he died four hours
afterward at the. French Hospital..
Clement street, on Eighth avenue. The
speed ,- was exceedingly high and the
passengers. were, unaware of the dan
ger that awaited them until the car
suddenly swung around the curve, keel
ing over to one side for a moment and
scraping another car that was running
slowly from the opposite direction.
The scene instantly became one of
wild. commotion. The momentum of the
car caused people to be thrown about
in. every direction, and nearly every
one on the left side of the car was
hurledinto the street The, southbound
car was traveling very slowly, and was
about at the side of the other j when
most of the people were, thrown off.
In the- little space between the two
cars the victims struggled, some being
caught by the steps and crushed in a
terrible manner. Cries, and CToans N could
be heard for blocks, and., there was
much work for rescuers when the car
was stopped. Not only were the in
jured upon" the street,' but Inside the
car.llmbs .were broken, and flesh was
bruised ; and, torn.
WOUNDED CARED FOR. I.'
Unusual Speed Around Curve
Causes Serious Accident.
DEAD
FREDERICK FEXDSEX, 304 Fourth street, fractured skull.
SERGEANT HARRY CURRAN, Fort 3Iason. fractured skiilL'
INJURED. , .
Albert Mueller,. 1426 Devisadero street, internal in«uries.
Lester Mueller, 1426 Devisadero street, injury to spine. .
Isaac Stamper," 1202 Buchanan street, fractured collar bone.
Sirs. I. Stamper, 1202 Buchannan street, fracture of left arm.
Arthur Willis, 781 Sutter street, lacerations of face.
Mrs. A. Willis, "81 Sutter street, lacerations of scalp.
J. Comber, 1330*4 Lombard street, lacerations of scalp.-.
Fred Rolander, Presidio, serious internal Injuries.
M. S. Sprague, 123 California street, slight internal injuries.
George Jacobs, 1 1 Allen street, shock and bruises.
George' Stevens, 2 Hall court, lacerations of scalp.
Arthur Maunder, 1233 Lombard street, concussion of .brain.
L. E. Stage, 608 Seventh street, internally injured.
LIST OF DEAD AND INJURED.
The force with which the old lady's
head struck the car crushed it. Dr.
Abrams. into whose drug store the old
¦woman was taken, says that she was
instantly killed.
Mrs. Dellwig was a resident of the
German Old Ladies' Home at FruitvaJe.
She was over 65 years of age and feeble
in health- She had been visiting Mrs.
Dellwig and the two started out to visit
another old lady whom they had known
as girls.
Albert Rhine, a boy, says the car was
moving Elowly when the two old la
dies tried to cross. Mrs. • Dellwig
clutched Mrs. Bertram by the arm, he
says. Then the latter staggered and
fell, her head striking forcibly against
the car. This Etory is corroborated by
others.
Bewildered by clanging bells and pass
ing cars at the corner of Fillmore and
McAllister streets last night. Mrs. Dora
Bertram, an eged German, fell in front
of a 'west-bound McAllister Etreet car
and was almost instantly killed.
Mrs. Bertram, who was over 65 years
cf age, was visiting in company with
a companion of about the same age,
Mrs. Nina Dellwig of 270 Ninth avenue.
The two old ladies dismounted from a
Fillmore street car at about 6:30 o'clock
and hurried to catch a McAllister street
car.
The cable car was crowded with peo
ple bound for the Chutes, and the aged
pair Etarted to cross before it in hope
of finding room on the other side. "When
they were directly in front a bell sig
naled "go ahead," and the old ladies
became bewildered.
Mrs. Dellwig seized Mrs. Bertram
by the arm and attempted to drag her
from the track. Mrs. Bertram seemed
©vercojne by fright and her limbs
gave way. She fell and her head
etruck against the car just as Grip
man Elmer Simmons brought it to a
lull stop.
Mrs. Bertram was quickly carried
to the drug store of C. J. Abrams at
the corner of Fillmore and McAllister
streets. Life was extinct before she
reached the place.
Her companion. Mrs. Dellwig, who
has suffered for many years from
heart failure, became hysterical. "For
fifty years I have known her." she
moaned. "Oh. she is not badly hurt,
is Ehe?" Fearing for her reason the
old woman was assured that Mrs.
Bertram was only slightly, injured..
Mrs. Dellwig was taken. to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, where she re
mained until quieted . by assurances
that her old friend was only slightly
Injured.
Though there were four crowded
cars at the crossing at the time" of the
accident, and though many people were
on the comers, stories of the accident
axe conflicting. Some maintain that
the car against which Mrs. Bertram
Jell was not In motion at the time.
Elmer Simmons, the motorman, says
he did not see the old woman try to
cross, but maintains that his car. was
stationary when the shouts, arose that
told him of the accident. He was ar
rested last night and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of manslaugh
ter.
Mrs. Dora Bertram
Run Down at a
Crossing;.
AGED WOMAN
KILLED BY
CABLE CAR
is suffering » intense . agony and there
is. jno chance" for. her recovery.
• The fire started about 3- o'clock, when
Mrs. Hughes . essayed to hurry up her
kitchen fire by adding, liquid fuel from
a* five-gallon can -of .coal- oil. > The chil
dren were.playing outside^and'were,be
yond : reach "^of danger'^when the " kero
sene i. exploded. The house was .' left to
its fate and the -flames made short
work of 'it,-g^%^^Kif4^aaaaBwy
: f The * woman was taken j to a -friend's
housed where an I examination • reve&.ed
that' except: for: the'strip,of;cuticle pro
tected < by rher* belt I the \ entire- skin '.sur
faceof,thetbody.hadibeen burned. M She
; . SANTA ; MARIA, Oct. 2.— The wife .of
Homer Hughes, a farmer, living about
, two" miles j south of ¦ this town,' received
fatal burns this afternoon .in ¦ -a'' fire,
which afterward burned down ,. the
house. Escaping,- from the : flames,, the
fire-scorched - woman, .with her : two
children, started 5 in search of: help.
. After dragging : along the hot, dusty
road ?i for* :a quarter of? a; mile Mrs.'
Hughes collapsed. .Xiylng down at the
roadside she directed the two little ones
to cover her' with^sand to keep ¦ the air
from- her ; srhfc-tlng wounds,- and 'then
sent thernTon for; assistance. - ,' >- >.- \
Mrs. Homer Hughes of Santa
Maria "Pours Oil on Fire
and Jls Fatally. Burned
FARMER'S WIFE
ENDURES AGONY
>. Every officer in the construction de
partment and in fact every officer at
the yard is in a state of: high nervous
tension over the attempts to injure or
destroy the Connecticut.
, Beside the guards on the boat itself,
the deck .watch on the, Texas. Kear
sarge and the receiving ship . Hancock
have a full view of the approach by
water. In addition to these precau
tions a 'launch will be kept under
steam at all hours.
There is little .' danger that any
further attempt will be made from
the outside to injure the Connecticut.
To-day two marines with loaded rifles
were strolling on land side of the
boat, while on the ship itself were
guards with instructions to shoot if
necessary. Electric lights at night are
on the outside and interior of the boat
and- there is no relaxation of vigi
lance. " It .would be impossible for an
attack to be made on the water side
of the boat.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2. — Officers at
the New York Js'avy Yard were will
ing to admit for the first time to-day
that the plot to ruin. the battleship
Connecticut really amounted to more
than a scare. At first when the re
port of the obstruction of the way3
was made public, they were inclined
to belittle the rumor and attribute
the obstruction to accident, but with
revelations of yesterday they declared
that it .was a ' very serious matter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Attempts to Destroy Battle
ship Connecticut Cause of
Worry to Officers of Navy
ARMED MARINES
GUARD WARSHIP
This boldly announced programme
seems to stake the whole issue upou
sea fighting. The Japanese ships, ii
must be remembered, have been in ac
tive service seven months. No mattei
how greatly the efficiency of the guns
and the speed of the vessels have beer
Impaired the crews of Admiral Togo's
ships have enjoyed the prestige of con
tinuous victories, while opposed to
them will be a fleet of brand new
ships, more or less untried and non«
of which have fired a shot in actual
warfare, and whose, crews have nevei
yet been under flre. _ .
Important conditions are attached to
While hopes are still entertained that
Port Arthur may be able to hold out
until the appearance of the Baltic fleet,
the question of, the fall of that strong
hold doe,s not apparently enter greatly
into the calculations of the Admiralty.
The only thing expected of the Port
Arthur squadron is to break out of the
harbor and inflict as much damage as
possible upon Admiral Togo's fleet.
Such ships as escape are expected tc
make their way to Vladivostok, where
the repairs on the cruiser Bogatyr are
understood to have been practically
completed and those on the Rossia and
Gromoboi are nearing completion.
The question of the war in the Fax
East will depend upon the issue of a
sea fight after the arrival of the Baltic
fleet. Vladivostok, although ice-bound
in winter for commercial ships, can
easily be kept open for a fleet of wax
vessels by means of ice-breakers. If
the Japanese fleet is caught in some
what weakened condition and the Bal
tic ships are able to win a victory of
ficials here hold that other problems
will solve themselves, and with Japa
nese communication severed the Japa
nese army on the mainland will be at
the mercy of Russia.
St. PETERSBURG. Oct. 3, 2 a. m.—
Announcement is made that Emperor
Nicholas will visit Reval on Tuesday
to bid farewell to the Baltic squadron.
After months of preparation and sev
eral false starts it is believed that the
squadron is at last on the eve of it3
departure upon its long journey. A di
vision in the Admiralty has existed
throughout the period of preparation
regarding the advisability of sending
out the squadron, but with the decision
to double the size of the Manchurian
army and press the war with vigor th«
logic" of those who for months have in
sisted that every available ship should
be dispatched to the Far East has final
ly prevailed. The argument that no
complete victory over the Japanese is
possible unless the command of the sea
is wrested from them could not be
overcome, and though much valuable
time has been lost and the moment
seems inauspicious, it is officially inti
mated that an Irrevocable decision has
been taken to dispatch the Baltic fleet,
even if the Port Arthur squadron
should be annihilated before It3 arrival
there.
It is realized that the squadron, which
on "paper Is about equal in fighting
strength to that of the Japanese fleet.
will be much better able to encounter
them now than in the spring, after the
Japanese ships have had all winter to
clean, repair and refit.
HOPES FOR PORT ARTHUR.
TOKIO, Oct. 3w — The Xavy Depart
ment reports the destruction of an
other Russian steamer used in clear
ing mines at the entrance of Port Ar
thur harbor. The steamer struck a
mine September 20 and sank.
Xavy officials express the opinion
that the Russians are suffering from a
shortage of small steamers, useful in
clear! us mines.
The reported loss of a Japanese
jrunboat south of liaotung peninsula
by striking a mine has not been offi
cially verified.
GENERAL OKITS HEADQUAR
TERS IX THE FIELD. Oct. 2. — The
first Japanese train arrived at Liao
yanff this afternoon. The cuace of
the railway has been changed from
Dalny to Newchwanj. A regular
schednle of trains will be established
in a few days. Enjrines and cars have
been brought from Japan. The com
pletion of the railway removes entirely
the problem of the transportation of
supplies and ammunition to the Jap
anese farce*, in the field.
TOKIO. Oct. 2. 8 p. m. — It la ru
mored that a Japanese gunboat
struck a mine and sunk south of the
I Jaotitns peninsula. A portion of her
crew reached an island and were
rescued. The name of the (run boat 1*
unknow li. The N'avy Department doe*
not deny the report, but says that the
department lacks confirmatory in
formation.
CHEFU, Oct. 2. — A ninety-ton Jnnfc
from Xewclmanjr to Shanghai ran on
a mine twenty-five miles north of here
last night. \o one was injured. She
reached here with all available hands
working the pumps.
Ships of War Will Be Sent Even i
the Port Arthur Squadron
Is Annihilated.
Decision to Douhle the Size
of Manchurian Army
Has an Effect
Baltic Fleet Will Be
DispatcHed to
Par East,
Bankers Apply to
America for
Relief.
Claim to Be the Victims of
Political Schemes and
Fear Death.
Were Authorized to Bond the Govern
ment and Now Are Charged
With Great Frauds.
Special IDispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Merchants of
this city having dealings with the Hay
tian Government have received a writ
ten; appeal for help from three white
men/who have been confined for nearly
a year in a dungeon in Port Au Prince.
They charge that they are victims of
political schemes and probably will be
put to death soon unless through pub
licity the United States is moved to
take action in their behalf. They are
J. de la Myre Mory, Jean Baptiste de
Puybaudet and G. Ohlrich R. Tippen
hauer, the first two Frenchmen and
the third a German.
Under the preceding administration of
the island they had been directors of
the National Bank of Hayti, and as
such had been authorized by the Minis
ter of Finance to bond the Government
debt, for which they were to have re
ceived a "gratification" or commission.
Before the transaction had been com
pleted the present Government, headed
by President Alexis Nord. came Into
power, and it Is declared that he had
the three bankers arrested last No
vember on a charge of i having issued
$200,000 .".more* o/,bonds.; than was stipu
lated hi th« budget in order to increase
the amount of their "gratification."
CONFINED
IN HAYTIAN
DUNGEON
BOLD MOVE
IS PLASHED
BY RUSSIA
TBS THEATERS.
Alcazar— "Camilla."
California— "The Tenderfoot."
Central — "Sealers in Whit a
Women."
Chutes — "Vaudeville.
Columbia — "The Offlca Boy."
Fischer's — "Down the Line."
"Grand — "Tor* State Polks."
Lyric Hall — "Everyman."
Majestic — "The Henrietta."
Orphetun — Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "The Serenade."
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO;. MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1904.The family is so overwhelmed with
letters and telegrams of condolence
that the members request through the
press the indulgence of their friends,
adding that It. will be impossible • to
separately acknowledge each massage.
LONDON, Oct. 2.— The remains of
the late Sir William Vernon Hafcourt
will be buried at Nunehan on Thurs
day. King Edward has telegraphed
as follows from Balmoral to the widow
of the dead statesman:
"Allow me to express my deep sym
pathy in the sad loss you have sus
tained. I have lost an old and valued
friend in your dead husband."
Melville B. Fuller, Chief Justice of
the United States Supreme Court, sent
the following from Washington: "Deep
sorrow and deep sympathy."
So Says Kin* Edward In Message of
Condolence to Widow of
Harcourt.
?1 HAVE LOST AN OLD
AND .VALUED FRIEND"
They will to-morrow go to Yolo
Countyiand swear to a warrant for the
arrest of the shooter. They do not
know his name, but say that: they can
locate the house.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 2.— As Samuel
Thompson, a well-known man of Sac
ramento, was returning from a fishing
trip on the Tolo County side of the
Sacramento River to-night, he was shot
in the face by a man who used a
shotgun. Thompson was accompanied
by Frank Pioletti, another well-known
citizen.
They say that returning they lost
their way and, approaching a house
near the river, they called and asked
to be directed to the proper road. The
man at the house ordered them to
move on. Again they asked for direc
tion to the road and the only reply they
received was the discharge of a shot
gun and Thompson fell to the ground.
Several shots entered his face and he
bled profusely. He was helped by Pio
letti to get away from the vicinity of
the house, as they feared another at
tack.
Sacramentan Stops at House
to Ask Way to Town and Is
Shot by Unknown Occupant
RUSSIANS AGGRESSIVE.
Make Attempt to Capture Heavy Guns
at Pigeon Bay.
CHEFU, Oct. 2.— Severe fighting, , the
Russians being the aggressors, occurred
September 28 and 29 on the, west shore
of Liaoti Promontory, near Pigeon Bay,
according* to a report brought by Chi
nese who left Port Arthur September
30. The Russians were apparently at
tempting to capture the heavy guns
which the Japanese have mounted in
that vicinity. The Russians were in
considerable force and they made sev
eral sorties, dragging field artillery with
them. They were unsuccessful, how
ever.
Three junks with 160 coolies arrived
here to-day. They left Port Arthur be
cause they were forced to carry the
wounded and bury the dead. They were
also afraid that eventually they would
have no food, although rice is plentiful
now according to their story. They fur
ther say that the Russians lost heavily
during the attacks of September 19 and
23, but the Japanese loss was much
heavier. One of the coolies, who had
been a water carrier, showed a wound
ed hand that he received September 22.
He and four companions went to a well
in the center of the town. A shell burst
and killed three of his companions and
wounded the fourth one. The Russian
ships were silent during the battle, and
the hitherto unused merchant ships
were as a result of the fight turned into
hospitals.
Several of the Chinese who were em
ployed in carrying the dead say that
the dead were so numerous that "they
were unable to form anything like an
estimate of the number who fell in at
tacking and defending the supplement
ary forts n#ar Itzshan. Since,the bat
tle both sides continue to shell at in
tervals daily. The Russians make many
small sorties against the Japanese
trenches. Small positions frequently
change hands. The Chinese say they
were compelled to bury the dead by
stealth at night, for the reason that the
Japanese would fire on them.
DAILY SKIRMISHES OCCUR.
Russians Make Efforts to
Regain Old Positions.
TOKIO, Oct. 2. — The Russians are
reported to be desperately endeavor
ing to retake their lost positions, in
cluding Fort Kuropatkin, in the hope
of restoring the water supply of Port
Arthur. They are said to have re
peatedly assaulted the Japanese after
shelling from neighboring forts and
batteries. The Japanese continue to
hold the positions. Both sides are
said to have suffered severely.
The newly mounted heavy Japanese
guns are said to command the. entire
harbor. The position of the remnant
of the Russian Port Arthur fleet is
said to be precarious and it is believed
that the vessels must soon emerge or
be destroyed.
Advices from Manchuria are to the
effect that the Japanese and Russian
outposts and scouts continue in close
contact south, southeast and east • of
Mukden. Skirmishes are occurring
dally and an aggressive general action
is expected soon.
It is believed that the general en
gagement will take place near t Tie
Pass and that General Kuropatkin is
holding Mukden and positions along
the Hun River merely to temporarily
check the Japanese advance.
Snow has fallen in the mountains
east of Mukden and there has been
frost in the valleys. ¦
FLEET DOES NOT MOVE.
Occupants, of Port Arthur Depend
Vi--. Upon Vessels for Water. \
LONDON, Oct. 2. — According to a
Japanese correspondent in the
Morning Post,' a. rumored pro
jected sortie, of the Port Arthur
squadron would only be a last extrem
ity and one to-be made when the sur
render of the garrison cpuld no longer
be postponed. Because the water
works are In the hands of the beseigers
and the short water condensing ap
paratus has been ruined by the Jap
anese shell fire, the correspondent adds,
MONUMENT TO CLARK
UNVEILED IN ST. LOUIS
Five Generations of the Famous Ex
plorer's Family Present at
Ceremony.
i^T. LOUIS, Oct. 2. — A monument
was unveiled to-day in BeMefontaine
Cemetery to the memory of General
Wiiliam Clark, who was one of the
principals in the Lewis and Clark ex-
X>edition into the Northwest Territory
in 1803. The monument was erected
according to the provisions in the
will of Jefferson Kearny Clark, young
est son of the explorer. Addresses
were made by Major General Joseph
N. C. Bates, U. S. A.; David R. Fran
cis. General Pleasant Porter, the chief
of the Creek Indians, and Mayor Rolla
Wells of St. Louis.
Representative* of five generations
of the Clark family were present. A
number of army officers and distin
guished guests from all over the
United States and abroad were also
in attendance, among them the Mar
quis of Aylesbury and Lady Marjorie
Burdersell Bruce of England.
SERVICES IN WASHINGTON
FOR LATE SENATOR UOAR
Tribute to the Departed Statesman
at Church to Which He
Belonged.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2. — Memorial
services for the late . Senator George
F. Hoar was held here to-day In All
Souls' Unitarian Church, where the
deceased statesman had been a con
ppicuous member since his advent in
public lice in Washington. Much feel
ing was manifested by Rev. Ulysses C.
B. Pierce, who read the closing para
graph of Bryant's poem on the
"Funeral of an Old Man." Dr. Pierce
spoke of the deceased Senator's valu
able public services and his loyalty to
party and to friends.
The vacant | pew of Senator Hoar
was decorated with an Immense
•wreath of white roses.
WRECK IN NORTH DAKOTA
BLOTS OUT THREE LIVES
jured in the wreck of a stock train
near here to-day. The dead: Smythe
Dorson of Dickinson. George Davis of
Kaginaw, Mich., Fred Volpert of Mon
tana.
Among the Injured were G. R. Wan
nemacher of Dickinson and L. A. Wat
kins of Dickinson.
Disaster to Stock Train Also Results
In Injuries To Several
People.
BISMARCK. N. D.. Oct. 2.— Three
men were killed and a number in-
Expect I-tfirse Attendance at Fair.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 2. — During the 134
days that the World's Fair has been
open, up to the closing of the gates
last night. 12.515,611 admissions
have been recorded. The fair officials
anticipate that the attendance during
the two final months will be unpre
cedentedly large. The record for the
week was 722,565.
Continued From Pajre 1, Column 3.
with them. The injured were all hur
ried tu the French Hospital and L : ume
of them were taken elsewhere Intr-'-.
Dr. Morton E. Hart, with a staff of but
geons, received the injured as fust ~*
they arrived, and everything possible
was done to relieve their sufferings. A
Kivat many passengers whose injuries
were not serious did not seek medical
attention at the hospital and continued
on their journey homeward.
MANY ARE, INJURED.
Albert Mueller, a cloak dealer resid
ing at 1426 Devlsadero street, was
thrown to the pavement and suffers
severely from internal Injuries. His
little son, Lester, was struck in the
beck of the neck and painrully hurt.
Fred Rolander, a soldier connected
with the Twenty-seventh Post Artil
lery, sustained a fracture of the skull
and his condition is considered seri
ous. Arthur E. Maunder of 1233 Lom
bard street did not recover conscious
ness for three hours after he had been
taken to the hospital, suffering, from
concussion of the brain, extensive scalp
wounds and a fracture of the bones in
the right hand. L. E. Stage of 608
Seventh street is internally Injured, but
the physicians have not been able to
determine to what extent yet. Isaac
Stamper and wife of 1202 Buchanan
street were both painfully injured.
Stamper having a. broken collar bone
and his wife a broken arm.
J. Comber. 16 years of age and re
siding at 1330% Lombard street, was
cut about the head and M. S. Sprague
d€ 123 California street was treated for
slight internal injuries. Arthur Willis
of 7S1 Sutter street was cut about the
face. Mrs. Willis, who was thrown to
the ground with him, sustained a se
vere scalp wound. George Jacobs, 16
years of age and living at 14 Allen
street, and George Stevens, 15 years of
age and living at 2 Hall court, were cut
about the head and body, and were re
moved to the Southern Pacific Hdspi
taL
Motorman Reed was taken into cus
tody on instructions \ from Captain
Gleason and taken to the Hall of Jus
tice, where he was charged with man
slaughter. Reed says his car was not
going along Eighth avenue at any more
than an ordinary rate of speed and
when it approached Clement street he
says he applied the brakes, but for
some reason they refused to work and
before he could do anything the car
had reached the curve and swung
around it at an extraordinary rate of
speed.
SOLDIER TELLS HIS STORY.
Charles Stutz, a private in Company
27, Coast Artillery, stationed at the
Presidio, was a passenger on the ill
fated car and had a good view of the
accident from where he was standing
on the outside of the vehicle. Stutz
declares that the car on which he was
riding collided with the side of the ap
proaching vehicle at the curve where
the accident occurred. Stutz said :
"I was returning from the ball
grounds in the park in company with
Rollander and Sergeant Curren. The
car was loaded with people and It was
with difficulty that we managed to
cling on. As It neared the corner of
Clement street, the motorman put on
his breaks, but failed to check the
speed. It was going at a fearful rate,
abont forty-five miles an hour, I should
Judge.
"The passengers did not seem to real
ire their danger, and all of a sudden
the car gave 'a lunge as it neared the
corner and swung to one side. Another
car was coming slowly around the
curve in the opposite direction and our
car bumped into its side. People were
hurled in every direction; but, strange
to say, I was not thrown from my po
sition.
"There w r ere cries of pain and agony
from the wounded as they lay on the
street- All the passengers on the car
seemed panic stricken and a wild rush
was made to get off as quickly as pos
sible. I did the best I could to aid the
Injured and then ran to the telephone
to ring up the Emergency Hospital.
TELEPHONE SERVICE SLOW.
"I could not get the line for several
minutes. The girl demanded a nickel,
which I did not have, my money being
in my coat, which I left with one of
the passengers. I vainly pleaded .with
the woman to give me the line, telling
her that it was a case of life and death,
but she turned a deaf ear to my plead
ings and I 'could not get the line till
a man came to my rescue with a nickel.
"The passengers were given no warn
ing before the accident happened. It
came very suddenly and no one knew
what had occurred till it was all over.
A number of our baseball team tried
to catch this car, but It was so crowded
that they -could not board it and there
fore I think many lives were saved, as
all these men would have had to cling
on to the platforms and some at them
would surely have been killed or in
jured."
John Clark. 502 Stockton street, was
also riding on the platform of the car
at the time of the accident. He says
the car was going at a high rate of
speed and that the motorman was un
able to bring it to a standstill. Clark
is not sure about the collision, but
thinks there was none. Clark said:
"I. was riding on the outer right
hand platform and thereby escaped in-
Jury. All the passengers who were
hurt happened to be on the other side.
The car was going at a tremendous
Ex-Alderman C. B. Dowry to-night
announced his intention of filing a
$10,000 damage suit against those re
rponsible for stopping milk wagons.
Lmvry has two sick children who sub
sist mainly on milk and his wagon
failed to arrive. At the milk depot also
he was unable to purchase milk.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Oct. 2. — Lexing
ton to-day experienced the first Sunday
under the blue law regime. Only a
lew milk wagons attempted to run
and their drivers were arrested. Most
of tho population drank coffee without
cream. Families, whose sick children
were deprived of milk, complained bit
terly and threatened suits for damages.
Ire wagons did not attempt to run.
].aie this afternoon the citv solicitor
decided that both have the right to
run and the drivers were released.
Only about thirty people were ar
rested for violating the Sunday law.
Two hundred had announced their in
tention Saturday of continuing busi
ness, but they decided, when they
started to open and saw the police, to
remain closed. Drug stores were per
mitted to sell medicine on prescription
only, but this did not pay .to keep
clerks and all drug stores closed. The
only places open were hotels, livery
ftables and newspaper 'offices, the lat
ter two classes having secured injunc
tions.
The statement ' then refers to indict
ments found in the State . of Oregon
against Horace G. McKInley, Stephen
A. D. Puter, Marie L. Ware, Emma Ij.
"Watson, Guy Huff, Maude Witt, H.
Walgambt, Harry Cv Barr, Dan W.
Tarpley, Charles Cunningham, Asa
Rayburn, Dallas O'Hara, Glen H.' Sal
ing, Shelly Jones, -Mark Shackleford,
Kate James and *Henr*Meldrum.. Con
tinuing,- the . statemen^says:.
'In : these prosecutions '- Charles Cunningham,
Asa Rayburn, Dallas O'Hara, Glen M. Baling
and Shelley Jones . have pleaded : guilty rand
sentence - has : been , Imposed ¦ upon > all except
' O'Hara '¦: and 'Jones. - The \ other « cases were
eet for ; trial at the (May term, • 1003, of the
Federal i Court ' at Portland. • Ore..- but- owine
GUmr IS ADMITTED.
As an immediate and very important result
of the investigation this gigantic combination
and conspiracy has been ¦ broken up and its
power for evil-doing in the future utterly de
stroyed. As further and ultimate results, the
fraudulent selections will alf-'be cancelled and
the lands covered thereby restored to the pub
lic domain, and it is the confident belief of
the Secretary of the Interior and of the offi
cials having charge of the prosecution growing
out of the investigation that the guilty parties
will be convicted and such punishment meted
out to them as will not only be commensurate
with the magnitude of their crimes, but will
serve as a warning to evil-doers In the fu
ture. •.-.'. ¦ ¦ ¦
The defendants in these 1 indictments were
immediately arrested, one, John A. Benson, in
the State of New York; two, Frederick A. Hyde
and Henry P. Dimond, In the State of Cali
fornia, and the fourth, Joost H. Schneider, in
the District of Columbia. The last named is
now held under heavy ball for his appearance
for trial. Proceedings under section 1014 of
the revised statutes were at once instituted
In the States of California and New York to
eecure the removal of the defendants arrested
in those State* to the District of Columbia for
trial. These proceedings have been diligently
prosecuted, and 'in California have resulted in
decisions by both the United States District
and Circuit Courts for the Northern District of
California sustaining the conspiracy Indictment
and ordering the defendants, Hyde and Dimond,
removed to the District of Columbia for trial.
They have appealed to the Supreme Court of
the United States, and it is the purpose of the
Government to secure in that court an ad
vancement of the case on the docket and a
hearing of the appeals at the earliest possible
date. The defendants are under heavy ball -to
answer the . decision of the Supreme Court
when finally rendered. Upon the indictment
for bribery, John A. Benson has also been held
for removal to the District - of I Columbia for
trial and has appealed to the Supreme Court.
Upon the conspiracy indictment, removal pro
ceedings are still pending against said Benson
in Ni-w York, with the expectation that they
will be concluded at an early date with like
favorable '.result. The action of the Secretary
of the Interior in suspending the ' selections
and entries of the public lands involved in the
conspiracy, and . in refusing to/fssue further
patents upon such selections and entries, is
fully sustained by the decisions of both the
District -.. and -. Circuit courts of the UnlteS
States for the Northern District of California,
above referred -to.
DEFENDANTS ARRESTED.
While hundreds of thousands of public lands
were involved in the scheme, only a small
portion thereof — less than 40,000 acres — had
been patented at the time of the discovery of
the fraud by the Secretary of the Interior.
By the Secretary's direction the further issuing
of patents upon the selections and entries in
volved was immediately stopped and all such
selections and entries were suspended, which
suspension still remains in force. The Govern.
rnent Is, therefore, in no danger of | further
loss of its public lands through the said scheme.
The fraudulent business of the conspirators
has been completely broken up, and their ne
farious practices are now at an end.-
1. .The indictment, in February, 1903, in
the District of Columbia of Frederick A. Hyde,
John A. Benson and Henry P. Dimond of San
Francisco and Jooee H. Schneider of Tucson,
Ariz., under section 6440 of the Revised Stat
tues, for conspiracy to defraud the United
States of large quantities of its public lands,
and the indictment in December, 1002, in the
District of Columbia, of John A. Benson for
bribery of public officials In connection with
such conspiracy. The leading spirits in this
conspiracy are Hyde and Benson and their
scheme to defraud the Government was of gi
gantic proportions. -It involved an attempt to
secure titles to' hundreds of thousands' of acres
of . the public | lands . of I the United States in
the. various public lands' States and the Terri
tories of Arizona and New Mexico under the
provision of the act of Congress approved
Juno 4, 1697, in exchange for State school
lands lying within the limits of United States
forest res-erven established in . the States of
California and Oregon.
The titles to these school lands were ac
quired by and on behalf of Hyde and Benson,
in violation of the laws of said States relating
to the disposal of school lands and in a grossly
illegal and fraudulent manner, by means of
false and forged applications, affidavits and
other documents required by the laws of those
States to be executed and filed in connection
with the . purchase of school lands, thereby
rendering such titles falee, fraudulent and
worthless and by making and securing to be
made false forced relinquishments to the United
States of such said false, fraudulent and worth
less titles, and by selecting other lands be
longing to the United States outside of forest
reserves in exchange for the titles thus frau
dulently obtained and relinquished to the
United States.
The act referred to provides, among other
things, that the owner of the lands within a
forest reserve may relinquish the same to the
United States and select other lands in lteu
thereof outside of forest reserves. Briefly stated,
the object of the conelpracy was to obtain good
titles from the .United States for its public
lands outside of forest reserves. In exchange
for false, fraudulent and worthless titles to
school lands secured by the conspirators from
eald States within forest reserves.
CONSPIRACY IS CHARGED.
These difficulties have been successfully met
and overcome and the tactics resorted to by
the parties criminally involved and by their
friends have been circumvented and defeated
at all points. The determination of the Sec
retary of the Interior has been from the be
ginning that the investigation should be thor
ough and complete, and nothing has been left
undone to accomplish such result. The fraud
ulent operations have been carried on chiefly
in the States of California and Oregon, but
have not been confined to those States. • In
many instances the conspirators have reached
out into other States. Their schemes were
broadly and deeply laid and the task of un
earthinc them has been one of great diffi
culty.
While only about elehteen months have
elapsed since the investigation was commenced,
the practical results thus far attained are both
gratifying and encouraging. They may be
summed up aa follows:
These charges are utterly without foundation
in fact. The investigation has been in the
hands of competent officers of the Government
from the beginning and has been conducted,
under the direction of the Secretary of the In
terior, with the utmost possible speed consist
ent with thoroughness; the prosecutions, where
Indictments have been found, have been and
are being vigorously pressed, and at no time
has there been any attempt to deprive the
public of the fullest information as to the
progress or status of such prosecutions, or as
to any matter in connection therewith.
The leading* spirits in the fraudulent trans
actions brought to light are mostly 'men who
have occupied positions of Influence and high
standing, both socially and politically, and
many of them are men of large wealth. They
have thrown many obstacles in the way, which
have required time, patience, constant effort,
determination and courage on the part of those
ha v Hi a; charge of the investigation to over
come. They have diligently sought, in season
and out of season, to thwart the purpose of
the Investigation and to control its result ta
forable to themselves.
Charges are being made and freely circu
lated by thv opponents of the administration
to the effect that the Investigation ol the
land frauds by the Interior Department is not
being seriously and diligently conducted; that
criminal prosecutions connected with the in
vestigation are not being pressed with such
vigor aa to manifest a determination to bring
the guilty parties to speedy Justice; and that
an air of secrecy pervades the' department,
making it difficult to obtain information as
to the progress and present status of tha
work. '. «¦
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2.— Secretary of
the Interior Hitchcock to-night gave
out the following statement in regard
to certain charges in connection with
the conduct of the investigation into
the land frauds on the Pacific Coast
and regarding the steps taken by him
to bring the guilty parties to justice.
FRIENDS ABE- TJHEVES
Men With Whom He Formed
a Chance Acquaintance Try
to Murderr and Kob Him
May was found by Policeman Mc-
Lane shortly after the thugs had fled,
and was taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where eight ugly
wounds in his scalp were dressed by
Dr. Herzog. The surgeon said it was a
miracle that May's skull was not frac
tured. The police are looking for the
assailants.
Tonne and Janders came to my room at
about noon by appointment. We were to «o to
the Chutes together. When my back wna
turned I wu struck a stunning blow over the
head. While I was tryln* to regain my feet I
was struck again several times. Somebody
said. •"Give me your money or we will kill
you."
I put up the best Cent I could, shouting tor
help kll the time, and finally got hold of the
Iron bar. Then the fellows ran away. The
one who said his name was Janders was vary
short and wore a black suit and blue shirt.
Toungf wu a Httle taller. He wore light col
ored clothing and a black slouch hat.
In a small room at 1223 Market street
Vincent May, age 21. fought desper
ately yesterday with two young thugs.
One of his assailants felled May to the
floor with an iron bar and then struck
him several times on the head. The
other robber meanwhile endeavored to
reach the victim's pocket, but May put
up # such a plucky fight that his assail
ants finally . fled, leaving him lyinu
stunned. on the floor of the room.
The men who assaulted May are
chance companions whom he met a few
days ago on his arrival in this city.
One gave: the name of Pearl Janders.
the . other was simply : "Mr. Young."
Here is May's story of the affair:
Chillicotho Suffers to the Extent of
One Hundred Thousand Dollars •
From Fire.
PEORIA. HI., Oct. 2. — The town of
Chillicothe, twenty miles north of
here, was partially destroyed by fire
to-night. Th» loss will reach $100,000.
ILLINOIS TOWN PARTIAIiliY
WIPED OUT BY FLAMES
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 2.— The sec
ond Manchurlan army will be composed
of one corps from European Russia,
eight corps of the Siberian army and
several divisions of Siberian sharp
shooters. The object is to place 500,000
men in the field, divided Into three
armies. General Unevlshl is to com
mand tha third.
Second Manchurlan Army.
LONDON, Oct. 3. — The correspond
ent of the Times who has just returned
from the front, telegraphing from To
kio, says the Russians have two di
visions on the Hun River, four divis
ions at Mukden and that the remain
der of the army is concentrated at
Tie Pass, which they are fortifying.
The three Japanese armies, the cor
respondent adds, occupy a front ex
tending for twenty miles north of
Liaoyang in their original order.
Portion of Russian Army Engaged in
Strengthening Post.
FORTIFYIXG TEE PASS.
OAXXOT GET PLATES.
Russian Contract Invalidated By Ac
tion of Inventor of Protestor.
ROME, Oct. 2. — Some time ago the
Russian Government ordered 100.000
bullet-proof breast plates of the type
Invented by Signor Benedetti. The
latter recently started for St. Peters
burg to supervise the manufacture of
the breast plates, bait was stopped at
Munich by the Italian firm to which
he had sold the rights to manufacture
and which objected to Signor Bene
detti's intervention in the matter, and
he returned to Italy.
The firm had also undertaken to
supply the Japanese Government with
200,000 breast plates. Now that the
Russian contract has been broken it
seems that Japan wishes to back out
of its engagement, proposing to pay
the losses ¦ sustained by the firm,
through the abrogation of the con
tract.
KAMIMURA WATCHFUL.
Keeps Eye on Vladivostok Squadron
to Prevent Expeditions.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 2. — Ad
miral Kamimura is watching Vladi
vostok with a view of preventing the
fleet there from making fresh rallying
expeditions.
General Kuropatkln has drafted all
the new reinforcements to the front,
thus letting those who have stood the
brunt of the fight up to the present
time take a rest and reflght at Tie
ling.
According to the Russ.the fleet of
Admiral Rojestvensky will not go
through the Suez Canal. The draught
of the ships is too great and there
are certain political moves to be con
sidered.
WARSHIPS FOR RUSSIA.
Cruisers and Torpedo Boats Being
Constructed in France.
TOULON, .France, Oct. 2. — The man
agers of the Societe des Forges et Chan
tiers'were interview to-day concern-
Ing the report that they are to build
a number of cruisers and torpedo-boat
destroyers for tha new Russian navy.
They stated that the negotiations on
the subject had made considerable pro
gress, but that it was desirable to with
hold the particulars in order to avoid
possible international entanglements.
It was admitted that work on the de
stroyers actually began September 29,
and It was added that the question of
the right of neutrals to build war
ships for a belligerent could not arise
as the ships would not be completed
and armed within two years, when it
is expected the war will be over.
Presence of Police Keeps
Business Houses Closed.
Thirty Arrests Are Made
Statement Is Issued Showing
How Conspirators Were
Punished by Authorities
Though Beaten on the Head
Wth an Iron Bar Vincent
May Fights for His Coin
SUITS WILL RESULT
PKOSECUTION VIGOROUS
PLUCKY TOOTH
RESISTS THUGS
Secretary Hitchcock Denies
That Interior Department
Has Been at All Lenient
the programme outlined above. Ac
cording to this information the Baltic
fleet will be started for the Far East,
but the continuation of the voyage to
its destination will depend primarily
upon how the ships' themselves stand
the test of actual sailing, and, secondly,
upon developments in • the Far Bast.
Should all go well with the squadron
or. the voyage and Rear Admiral Wlren
be able to strike a telling blow at Ad
miral Togo, even if half his ships go
to the bottom,- the Baltic squadron will
be hurried; on with all speed possible.
If defects develop in the vessels or if
Wiren fails utterly, the squadron can
at the worst return and await the com
pletion of other ships 1 now building.
Nothing, it is argued, will be lost and
much may be gained by the mere de
parture of the squadron; and the fact
that it may have to be reckoned with
later may make Admiral Togo "wary
about risking his ships when the time
comes for Rear Admiral "Wiren's sortie,
and thus give the latter a better op
portunity to escape. .
No official dispatches from the front
were published on Sunday. The mili
tary situation, so far as the public is
concerned, remains unchanged. Num
berless *stories are afloat regarding im
portant commands with the new army
and the disposition of various promi
nent officers, whose names have been
mentioned in connection therewith; but
nothing conclusive has yet been given
out. It Is merely evident that prepar
ation for the dispatch of fresh troops
is being pushed as rapidly as possible.
It is understood that the second divi
sion of the guards • regiments is al
ready under orders to go to the front.
ANSWERS QUERY
WITH BULLETS
Albert Mueller, a cloak manufacturer
on Mission street, lies in a precarious
condition at the German Hospital.
Mueliei? might have escaped Injury but
for his heroic effort to save the life
of his five-year-old son Lester.
Mueller and the child were seated on
the outside of the .car and when the
crash came the father Immediately
turned his thoughts to his son. He
caught the youngster and tried to Jump
from the car when it was still going.
He was hemmed In by the crowd, how
ever, and could not get out Mueller
still held on to his frightened son and
botn* were hurled to the pavement.
Father and son were picked up in
an unconscious condition and taken to
a nearby store. The child recovered
consciousness first and when the father
regained his senses the ambulance ar
rived from the Park Emergency Hos
pital. Mueller insisted on being taken
to his home, but finally agreed to go to
the German hospital.
The child was badly shaken up and
suffered a slight concussion of the
brain. Some of his relatives arrived
soon after the accident and removed
the little one to his home, 1424 Devis
adero street, where he is being treated
by a doctor.
Mueller is in a serious condition. He
is suffering from a number of bruises
about the head and body and Internal
injuries that are likely to be serious.
His wife is prostrated by the sudden
shock. The doctors at the hospital say
Mueller will recover, but his injuries
will not be cured soon.
* +
"The next thing 1 knew the car sort
of keeied over to one side and I saw
many people being scattered in all di
rections. There was another car ap
proachinsr in the opposite direction,
but as far as I know no collision oc
curred. " I would not swear to thii,
but I did not see or hear the two vehi
cles collide.
"The passengers made a rush to get
off when the crash came, and it is
miraculous that more of them were not
killed. There must have been more
than one hundred persons on our car
at the time. It looked to me as if the
brakes of the car . were defective, for
the motorman saw the danger when
he was a half a block away from the
curve and kept pulling and tugging at
the brakes in a frantic effort to bring
the car to a standstill, but instead of
stopping, it gained speed at every
revolution of the wheels."
Frank Kenny, a lad residing at 2717
Pine street, was another eye-witness of
the tragedy. Kenny was standing at
the southwest corner of Clement street
and Eighth avenue and had a clear
view of the accident. According to his
story, the ill-fated car was approach
ing at a high rate of speed and col
lided with the car coming in the oppo
site direction at the curve. Kenny was
in a good position to view the accident
and is positive in his statements.
Other eye-witnesses are divided as to
the collision. Some are certain that
the two cars collided, while others say
there was -no collision. All, however,
agree that the car wa« going at a tre
mendous speed and that the motorman
could not bring it to a standstill.
SAVES LIFE OF CHILD.
rate of speed and looking forward I
paw the moforman making frantic ef
forts to stop it, all in vain.
DOUBT ABOUT COLLISION.
The Standard's correspondent with the
Japanese army says that progress is
making with the field railway from
Antung, which will eventually join
with the line at Liaoyang. Its com
pletion, he says, will double the Jap
anese- lines of communication. The
Daily Telegraph's Sinmintin correspond
ent, telegraphing October 2, comments
on the indecision displayed In the Jap
anese plans. He jays their scheme
around Mukden has been abandoned
and that they are awaiting reinforce
ments from the fall of Port Arthur.
There are signs of weakness. The Jap
enese, the correspondent adds, are
pressing for the expulsion of all Brit
ish and other correspondents frdm
Ylnkow if they should visit that vicin
ity.
The Chronicle's Liaotung correspond
ent says there was a truce Saturday at
Port Arthur to bury the dead. Russian
and Japanese officers, he says, ex
changed greetings, after which the
bombardment was recommenced with
its old vigor. There Is liitle change in
the relative positions of the opposing
forces.
the garrison is dependent now upon the
condensers of the fleet for fresh water.
.Shanghai dispatches to the Standard
and the Daily TelegTaph are to the ef
fect that a naval battle has been fought
off Port Arthur. Neither of these re
ports have been confirmed, the cor
respondent says, and they probably are
only surmises.
Children of Lexington Go
Without Milk us Result
of Sunday Peculations
TROOBLE OVER
THE BLUE LAWS
TELLS OF WORK
IN LAND CASES
PASSENGERS PITCHED
IN EVERY DIRECTION
TROOPS OF TIE CZAR BECOME AGGRESSIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1904.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
WALMER CASTEE, Kent, Oct. 2.-^
Lady Curzon of - Kedleston is making
grood progress toward recovery. * It ; is
announced that even in Great Britain
bulletins' regarding the condition of
Lady Curzon , have ; been ] discontinued.
Lady Curzon Getting Better.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 2.— Samuel
Goldstein and wife were held ud at
the corner of Third and K streets at
7:30. o'clock this evening by .Walter
Jackson, a stranger, who demanded
their ' money. ¦ Goldstein refused to
grant his demand and was struck
twice by the "footpad. Mrs. Goldstein
attempted to help her husband and
received a heavy blow. At this mo
ment three policemen appeared and
seeing the assault, started for Jack
son, who fled. He drew a knife, but
was caught and landed in jail. He: is
supposed to be a desperado from the
East. The street was crowded at the
time. Jackson attempted to frighten
Mr. and Mrs. Goldstein by ordering
them not to make an outcry, but they
refused to obey. ; .„
HOLDUP MAN ARRESTED
ON A SACRAMENTO STREET
. The Investigation la still being: carried on
and further indictment! are expected as soon
as the cases can be prepared for proper pre
sentation In Grand Juries. In so far as in
dictments have not been found, it should be ap
parent to every one that secrecy must bo
maintained, otherwise all efforts to accom
plish beneficial results would be futile. There
is- not now and never has been any desire
or effort on the part of the Secretary of the
Interior or those engaged under his direction
to keep from the public the results of the
investigation except In so far as absolutely
necessary. to prevent a failure in the endeavor
to accomplish the desired results, to- wit: The
conviction and punishment of guilty parties
That the charges ' referred to are, in every
respect., without Justification in fact or reason
can , easily be ascertained by any one who
cares to' know the truth. The 'results accom
plished are largely shown by public records of
the courts : and of the Land Department and
in so far as not thus shown, namely, as to the
absolute destruction of the •¦ Hyde-Benson com
bination and the . ceneral breaking up of • the
fraudulent practices in other sections as here
in indicated, the honest seeker for . informa
tion can have no difficulty In obtaining it by
simple Inquiry of • the officials of the Land
Department, or 1 of the ; Indicted parties them
selves. . ¦mHHnv ¦
PREPARING OTHER OASES.
to the fact that one of the principal witnesses
for the Government had absconded, the cases
had to be continued and are now set for trial
at the November term, 1904, of the court.
The absconding witness has been arrested and
is now under bail for his appearance at the
November term. An able attorney, skilled
In the conduct of criminal prosecutions, has
been appointed by the Government to assist
the United Statea Attorney in the ¦ trial of
these cases and convictions in all of them "are
confidently expected. / _ .
2
I ADVERTISEMENTS. '
j«fS?f/P1ANO 1
Jrkfm • the WoHd £|
ij^SSE^^^V'''.'' is the celebrated
11^5^8 v* Jfeon tc
ft^ • ,..1 *^l | \ Its tone is not only captivating. «
II *•¦ .• -Jv^v« '* - '* k ut its sweet, smooth yet powerful ¦
I/-"" '" ' I tSk vV *• -^ '"' ' cadences hold spellbound the' ll
I .. ** " senses and thrill the nerves like II
I- - ' /^''-^^soa/ '^v,' some entrancing dream. This won- vyj
\ /{:•• '''>*•'" ''/wesx'. :•%>'& • derful tone joins with the human ll
il f *. ''::'.£ " -.^,'**- ". voice in almost liquid harmony. It II
It ¦¦•*¦*' '"" -js?" .-• '/ ¦ : ' comes under the sway of the per- fll
uj — 2? ¦ —~'~\.~ former with such close sympathy, llr
|r that all the world wonders and admires. If you desire a' high- ll
V class *piano that stands always at the top, buy a MASON & II
if HAMLIN. We have a special plah which will make it easy AI
j| »*. for you. Inquire for it. I «
| THE WILEY B; ALLEN CO. ft
II 931-933 Market Street; San Francisco H
ll Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Eureka and San Diego. <fib/i
!#ej^Yoiir Hiisb«ndyCarr^he Hag)
— the Coal hod^IkVnoT
occupa tioii for a Wbnvaiio
6o percent )wn>>
cheaper LkiancoST^^^^t
i Buy a Gas Range From j
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO,
, 41S POST STREET. ¦ >'
IT LOUIS EXPOSITION
• • • BY • • •
Unioii -Southern Pacific.
I Round Trip, Chicago via StLonis, $72.50
I St Loois via Salt Lake and Denver, $67.50
I THROUGH CARS. STOPOVERS.
I This Is the Best Time of. the Year to Go East. 1
I /TICKETS ON SALE
I September - - . - - 28, 29
I October - - 3, 4, 5, 6, 19, 20, 26, 27 ]
IjLffjjtt.. to
9. T. BOOTS, G«a«ral Ar«at, 17. P. B. 3. '
1 Montgomery Street, ',-; \ . |
Ox Any Southern Paciflo Afftnt. \NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— At the Demo,
cratlc Congressional conventions to be
held to-morrow night the following
nominations wlll.be made In. the vari
ous districts: Eighth, : Timothy D.- Sul
livau;.Ninth, Henry Goldfogle; . Tenth.
Sullivan, Hearst and Cockran Booked
for Nominations. ;
TAMMANY MAKES SLATE.
ROME, Oct. 2.— Countess Lonyay
(Princess Stephanie) has arrived at
Salsomaggiore for the cure. To a cor
respondent there the Countess said
she was pleased with her recent visit
to her sister, , Princess Louise of Saxe-
Coburg, and was convinced , that she
had been more sinned against than
sinning. The Princess, Countess Lon
yay added, 1 had been always absolutely
sane. ; 3H2Sp**SS
PRIXCESS STEPHANIE COMES
TO HER SISTER'S DEFENSE
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 2. — With ad
vice from the police to shoot to kill,
twenty women have been granted the
right to carry revolvers to protect
themselves against a "hugger." who
In the last week has assailed three
women on the streets after dark. The
assailant is a well dressed man.
The women who want to carry arms
are all employed and do not start
home, till after dark. Miss Lena
Grisener was the latest victim of the
"hugger."
Twenty Working Girls of Indianapolis
Want to Make Tar-et of
Amorous Crank.
"HUGGER" WILL FARE BADLY
IF HE MEETS THESE WOMEN
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 2.— The arrival
to-day of the . officers of the Na
tional Republican League served to
increase the enthusiasm of the lo
cal and State Republicans who
have In .charge the arrangements for
the national convention to be opened
Wednesday. National Secretary Weeks
estimates that between eight hundred
and nine Tiundred delegates and alter
nates, outside of Indiana, will attend.
Officers of the National League Arrive
at Indianapolis.
REPUBLICANS TO MEET.
Dr. Walsh's address was an impas
sioned appeal to remove the peace
movement from the hands of politi
cians and place it in the hands of the
churches. He declared that although
war Is bad, the war spirit was in
finitely worse and said it was the duty
of the churches to kill the war spirit.
BOSTON, Oct 2.— Every seat in
Tremont Temple was occupied this
afternoon at the first of the religious
mass meetings 'which -.precede the
opening of the International Peace
Congress to-morrow. The speakers
included Rev. Walter Walsh, D. D., of
Dundee, Scotland, and Rabbi Borko
witz of Philadelphia.
Dr. Walsh of Scotland Says Peace
Blovemcnt Should bo Taken From
Hands of Politicians.
WANTS THE WAR SPIRIT.
KILLED BY TIIE CHURCHES
Thousands of the buttons had been
expressed to Western States by the
time the discovery was made and a
fear that the Bryanites might take
umbrage led the^ leaders to place an
order for a smaller button, with Par
ker and Davis ensconsced in an environ
ment of silver. These were sent to
Nebraska and other Western States,
while the gold faced buttons were re
called and distributed elsewhere.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2.— A blunder has
caused the Democratic National Com
mittee to issue a double set of cam
paign buttons. A large number of the
buttons were delivered at headquarters
recently, . when the managers were
startled to find the lineaments of Par
ker and Davis, both done in a hectic
pink, staring from a background of
gold.
Democrats, However, Finally Decide
to Adopt Double Standard.
BUTTONS MAKE TROUBLE.
After another consultation just
after dusk the physicians stated that
the patient had asked for something
to eat and that it was given to him
and he retained it They spoke opti
mistically for his Improvement, saying
he appeared better and stronger.
WASHINGTON. Oct 2.— After a
bad night in which his condition con
tinueyd extremely grave. Postmaster
General Payne had a sinking spell at
5 o'clock this morning. Dr. Grayson
rallied the patient but when the sec
ond spell occurred at 7 o'clock Dr.
Grayson summoned Dr. Magruder.
The two physicians employed heroic
measures for an hour. For a while it
was feared the end was imminent,
but the short action finally responded
gratifyingly.
Another sinking spell occurred
about noon, followed by a rally.
Shortly after 2 o'clock relatives were
summoned to the sick room and a
moment later Rev. Dr. Smith, rector
of St John's Episcopal Church ar
rived at Pavne's bedside. This aroused
the gravest apprehensions. The phy
sicians resorted to stimulants and
restoratives and again the heart action
yielded to treatment The bulletins
issued show a remarkable rallying
power. %
Patient Rallies From Two Sinking
Spells and His Physicians Grow
Optimistic.
PAYXE IS IMPROVING,
BUT IS STILL VERY WEAK
The conditions in New Jersey are
by no means satisfactory to the .na
tional leaders. In several counties
there are elements which refuse to get
In line.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. — Judge Parker
will arrive in this city to-morrow
morning and will occupy the suite of
rooms used by him last week at the
Hotel Seville. He will remain until
Friday unless his plans are changed.
During his five days' visit the nomi
nee will meet committeemen and
other prominent Democrats from ev
ery State in the Union. Several lead
ers in New Jersey and Connecticut
have been summoned to confer with
him, as well as some of the managers
from Indiana and Wisconsin. A
strong effort will be made by Parker,
assisted by Senator Gorman, Chair
man Taggart and William Sheehan to
get party machines in New Jersey and
Connecticut- in working order.
Prominent Democrats Called to Meet
Parker in New York.
LEADERS ARE SU3MOXED.
"Two-thirds of the total vote in
Washington and Oregon will be cast
for Roosevelt, and the majority in Cali
fornia will be 40,000. Idaho will give
10,000 majority for- Roosevelt The Dem
ocrats there were devoid of issues, like"
they are everywhere, and began to agi
tate the Mormon question.
"They have attacked the Mormon
church vigorously, with the result that
they are losing many votes. They may
gain a few, but they will certainly lose
as many as they. gain. In Utah it is
about the same. A few Republicans
there who have been unable to control
everything have joined the Democrats,
but the votes that will be gained will
be offset by the losses.
"As to Colorado, I do not know. The
situation there is so badly mixed no
one can tell what the outcome will be.
In Montana the situation is also some
what cloudy, but the feeling is wide
spread that both these States will gjve
their support to the national Republi
can ticket"
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— Harvey W.
Scott, the veteran editor of the Port
land Oregonian, was in conference with
President Roosevelt yesterday. In an,
interview on the status of the campaign
in the West he said:
Oregon Editor Tells Presiderfl of Con
\ dit ions in the West
CONFERS WITH ROOSEVELT.
The Democratic Municipal Conven
tion, J. C. Sims chairman, will meet
this evening at Pioneer Hall, unless
otherwise directed by Gavin McNab.
The programme provides for the-nom
ination of four candidates for the Su
perior bench, eighteen candidates for
the Assembly and 'six for the State
Senate. It is common talk in political
camps that the slate for the judiciary
bears the nSmes of Seawell, Murasky,
White and Conlan.
At Point Richmond to-morrow even
ing the people will have the pleasure of
hearing C. M. ' Belshaw, Republican
nominee for the State Senate. They
will also enjoy the privilege of listen
ing to Charles M. Shortrldge, brother
of the matchless orator'of the Repub
lican party, Samuel M. Shortridge.
L. B. Wilson, secretary of the Re
publican League of Clubs, is mapping
out a tour through, the various sec
tions of the State.
-A galaxy of Republican spell-bind
ers, embracing Frank P. "Flint and
Jud C. Brusie, will be heard this week.
DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION".
Congressman McLachlan will speak
at Madera, Fresno and Stockton after
he concludes his tour with Duncan E.
McKinlay.
S. C. Smith, Republican nominee
for Congress in the Eighth District, is
making a brilliant campaign. He is a
logical and persuasive speaker. His
itinerary for this week follows:
Monday, October 3, Santa Paula;
Tuesday, October 4, Oxnard; Wednes
day, October 5, Santa Barbara; Thurs
day, October 6, Lompoc; Friday, Octo
ber 7, Arroyo Grande; Saturday, Octo
ber 8, San Luis Obispo.
GALAXY OF ORATORS.
J. C. Needham, Republican nominee
for Congress, Sixth District, will speak
at the following places this week: Mon
day, October 3, Lemoore; Tuesday, Oc
tober 4, Kingsbury; Wednesday, Octo
ber 5, Selma; Thursday, October 6,
Fowler: Friday, October 7, Clovis; Sat
urday, October 8. Sanger.
The intinerary of J. N. Gillett, Re
publican nominee for Congress, First
District, is as follows: Monday, Oc
tober 3, Sonora; Tuesday, October 4,
Carters; Wednesday, October 5, James
town; Thursday, October 6, Angels;
Friday, October 7, San Andreas; Sat
urday, October 8, Jackson.
Attorney General U. S. Webb will
accompany Mr. Gillett through El Do
rado, Placer and Nevada counties.
D. E. McKinlay, Republican candi
date for Congress in the Second Dis
trict, and James McLachlan, Repre
sentative in Congress of the Seventh
District and members of the
Committee on Rivers and Harbors,
will speak at the following places this
week: Monday, October 3. Nicolaus;
Tuesday, October 4, Sacramento, with
Fairbanks; Wednesday, October 5, Elk
Grove; Thursday, October 6, Napa;
Friday, October 7, San Rafael; Satur
day, October 8, Petaluma.
Joseph K. Knowland, the able and
popular nominee for Congress in the
Third District, will speak at the fol
lowing places this week: Tuesday, Oc
tober 4, Point Richmond; Wednesday,
October 5, Benicia; Thursday, October
6, Berkeley, University Club; Friday,
October 7, San Leandro; Saturday,
October 8, Concord. v
E. A. Hayes, Republican candidate
for Congress, Fifth District, is making
an active and vote-winning campaign.
Following is his itinerary for the week
ending October 8:- Tuesday, October 4,
San Jose, with Fairbanks; Wednesday,
October 5, Pescadero; Thursday, Octo
ber 6, Halfmoon Bay; Friday, October
7,\Colma, 8 p. m:; Friday, October 7,
Ocean View, 9 p. m.; Saturday, October
8, Palo Alto, with George C. Pardee.
Ladies desiring seats at to-night's
meeting should be at the Pavilion by
7:30 o'clock.
CAMPAIGN FOR CONGRESS.
chairman of the evening. - *
Senator Charles W. Fairbanks of In
diana, Republican nominee for Vice
President of the United States, will be
introduced to tha audience by Senator
Perkins. The itinerary of Senator Fair
banks in California is as follows: Mon
day, October 3, Redding, 7:30 a. m.;
Red Bluff, 9:30 a. m.; Chico, 11 a. m.;
Marysville, 1 p. m.; San Francisco, 6:20
p. m. Tuesday, October 4, Palo Alto,
8 a. m.; San Jose, 10 a. m.; Livermore,
1 p. m. : Stockton, 2:45 p. m.; Sacra
mento, 5:30 p. m.
General Stone has gone to the north
ern State line to meet Senator Fair
banks and will accompany him as far
as San Francisco. Senator Woodward,
secretary of the State Committee, will
accompany Senator Fairbanks from
San Francisco to Sacramento.
Th« great Republican mass meeting
at Mechanics' Pavilion to-night will
be opened with the singing of . "The
Star Spangled Banner" by a quartet
under the direction of Alfred Wilkle,
accompanied by Bennett's band, the
audience joining in the chorus, with a
display of American flags. During the
evening a new campaign song by Ethel
May Smith, entitled "Roosevelt, the
Hope of the Nation," will be sung as
a solo by Alfred Wilkie, accompanied
by the quartet and band. "My Own
United States" will be rendered during
the evening. After the singing of "The
Star Spangled Banner" General George
Stone, chairman of the Republican
State Committee, will present Senator
George C. Perkins, who will afct as
LOS AXGELES COUNTY.
TACOMA, Oct. 2. — A whimsical
case of suicide was that of Captain
John C. Foley, whose body was found
to-day. Several days ago he obtained
his discharge from the Soldiers' Home
at Orting and started for San Fran
cisco. At Tacoma he visited a resort,
where all his money was stolen.
Though 70 years old he refused all
help and bravely walked back to
Orting. »
The trip nearly killed the old man.
Upon arriving he found he had $15
tied around his neck in a tobacco
pouch. The recollection of the des
perate hardship of traveling as he did
when he might have ridden on the
train maddened him so that he bought
a revolver with the money and shot
himself.
Foley has excited much attention
among the medical fraternity through
the fact that he was shot in the head
during the war and the bullet re*
mained inbedded in his brain to the
day of his death without occasioning
any Inconvenience or destroying the
functional power.
Official Registration Fljrures Show Bis
Gain in Two Years.
. LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2. — The total
registration of Los Angeles County, ac
cording to official figures just given
out, is 67,597. This is a gain in two
years of 20,828, or 44.5 per cent Of
the grand total for the county, 41,959
voters live in Los Angeles, which give9
the city nearly as many voters as the
entire county contained two years ago.
u.iM.v.fcjfoj,x'X MAN STRICKEN
WITH PNEUMONIA ON DESERT
NAMED IN CONNECTICUT.
Nominations Made by the Socialist
Labor Party.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 2.— The
nominations of the State ticket of the
Socialist Labor party were announced
here to-day as follows: Governor, Tim
othy Sullivan; Lieutenant Governor,
John D. Carlson; Treasurer, Frederick
Fellerman; Comptroller, Thomas Far
ran.
CORN SPROUTS
IN HER THROAT
ReAef Expedition Leaves Goldfleld to
Rescue George Saxton, a Promi
nent Resident of Reno.
RENO, Nev.. Oct. 2. — George Sax
ton, a very prominent young man of
Reno and a graduate of the University
of Nevada, Is reported to be stricken
with pneumonia on the Amargosa
Desert, about eighty miles south of
Goldfleld. .His condition is so serious
that he cannot be moved, although he
is on one of the bleakest parts of the
great Nevada Desert. A messenger
brought the word to Goldfleld early
this morning. A- relief party was Im
mediately organized by Carl Stoddard,
an old friend of Saxton's, and sent to
the sick man. On account of the re
cetn storms In that section it will be
dicult to render aid. The country also
is very rough and it may take a week
before he can be moved. If he still
lives, to Goldfleld.
Several weeks ago Saxton and a
party of young men left to prospect
the Amargosa Desert. This is the
first word received since they left.
Little Girl of South Dakota
Furnishes Physicians With
a Case That Is Startling
An examination by the surgeons to
day revealed the presence of a pro
tuberance in the throat, and an incision
was made. A grain of corn was then
found as described. The case is regard
ed as a remarkable one.
VERMILL-ION, S. D., Oct. 2.— The
discovery of a grain of corn in the
throat of a little girl in this city, which
had sprouted and to. which several
sprigs were attached, was the unusual
experience of surgeons here to-day.
Three weeks ago Henrietta Hendrick
son while at play in the corn bin swal
lowed a grain, which ! lodged in her
throat. It caused her little Inconve
nience until a few days ago, when her
condition became alarming and a doc
tor was sent for.
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
Brakes Refuse to Act on Steep Grade.
Ono Man Is Killed and
Two Injured.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Oct 2. — A
special from Ashcroft, B. C, says that
the regular mail stage from Ashcroft
to Barkerville was overturned near
Bridge Creek yesterday, the brakes re
fusing to act when descending/a steep
grade.
Walter Abbott was killed and D.
Weeks and F. Peters, driver of the
stage, were injured.
BRITISH COLUMBIA STAGE
COACII IS OVERTURNED
TTPHOOXS SWEEP WATERS
OF THE NORTH PACIFIC
TACOMA, Oct. 2. — Great typhoons
have been sweeping the North Pacific
Ocean during the last month, enden
gering shipping. The barkentine Jane
L. Stanford, just arrived fromTsintau,
encountered three very heavy storms
and during their progress could do
nothing but scud before the wind. The
American schooner H. K. Hall, which
has arrived from the same port, re
ports that when near the Shimatin
Islands she was overtaken by two
heavy storms. The vessel weathered
the first without great difficulty, but
the second blew the skylights off the
poopdeck, damaged the deadlights on
the starboard side and smashed rail
ings and cabin doors. What canvas
was flying was blown out of the bolt
ropes and the vessel was compelled to
heave to for twenty-four hours. She
has gone to Winslow for repairs.
Forces Healdsbur- Lawyer's Name.
SANTA ROSA. Oct 2.— George E.
Rue, a young man who was recently
employed at Heald3burg as a sten
ographer by Attorney Edward M. Nor
ton, forged his employer's name to a
check a couple of weeks ago and on It
secured 59 from .George Lovell, a
saloon-keeper. Norton Is a prominent
attorney and capitalist of Healdsburg.
Rue disappeared after securing the
money on the forged paper. He re
turned to Healdsburg and was ar
rested. His trial will take place next
Thursday before Justice A. B. Pro
vines.
Great Speeches Will
Be Heard at the
Pavilion.
William Sulzer; Eleventh, William R.
Hearst; Twelfth, Bourke Cockran;
Thirteenth, Harry Payne Whitney
(probably); Fourteenth, Charles A.
Towne; Fifteenth, George W. Loft.
Stewart M. Brice or Jefferson Levy;
Sixteenth, Jacob Ruppert Jr.; Seven
teenth, Francis E. Shober, Thomas
Leonard or James Farrell.
President Roosevelt is an exceedingly Inter
esting, picturesque and forcible character, who
would have found a most congenial and glorious
field of action at the time of the Crusades, but
sometimes strangely fails to appreciate the
higher moral alms of modern civilization.
There are two Roosevelts in the- field — the
Ideal and the legendary Roosevelt, as he once
appeared, and as many people Imagine him
still to be; and the real Roosevelt, as he has
since developed!
It has become the advocate and servant of
a combination of pecuniary Interests, la main
taining a high protective tariff going far
beyond its orofessed objects, despoiling the
many for the benefit ol a few, and striving
to keer» Itself In power by a system of cor
ruption organized on a national scale. It has
by a policy of adventure, conquest and arbi
trary rule over subject nations set aside *t ho
fundamental principles upon which this repub
lic was founded, and thus dangerously weak
ened In our democracy the highest conserva
tive influence — the popular adherence to our
traditional doctrines and Ideals. It has robbed
the American people of the inestimable priv
ilege of being exempt from, the burden of
enormous armaments under which other na
tions are groaning, by imposing, without the
slightest necessity, 'similar burdens on our
banks. It has thereby not only ceased to
countenance and Inspire the efforts made in
favor of direction of general disarmament,
but disQu!«tlng other cowers by our building
a great war fleet quite superfluous except for
aggre&slve purposes; It is Inciting them to fol
low suit, thus speeding the ruinous raoe and
ranging the American republic among the In
stigators of a retrogressive tendency hostile- to
true civilization.
BOLTON LANDING, Oct.\ 2.— Carl
Schurz, in a letter to the general sec
retary of the Parker Independent clubs,
made public to-day, writes at length on
the issues of the campaign. "There
never was," he says, "a political party
in a Democracy, however virtuous It
may have been at the start, that was
not by long possession of power more
or less corrupted and made arrogant
and arbitrary." The Government of
this republic, he said, must be a Gov
ernment not permanently controlled
by one political party, but by different
parties alternating in the possession
of power. Criticizing the Republican
party, Schurz says:..
Candidate for the Vice
v Presidency Her£
To-Nighty
Permanent Control of Reins of Govern
ment by One Party Foreign
to His Ideas.
Walks Home and Takes
Life When He Finds Train
, Pare in His Tobacco^Pouch
ISSUES OF CAMPAIGN RECEIVE
ATTENTION OF CARL SCHURZ
PtltF. r tlT^ ** hat lher * *** In °»« United
ftaitfonf r , W °. and thrc * > hun <s™* com
binations of capital and corporate Interests.
The av.-rafre selling- price of a hundred arti
cles, taken principally from the Iron and steel
IiFt. is found to be about 20 per cent higher
m this country than abroad. Relief from these
conditions will only come through the succes*
of the Democratic party, which «undt for a
r.lfff , tonBe «'« t ' v e and gradual change in the
tar.JT laws, which will <^jualize the burdens of
tsxat.on and make honent competition possible.
«ut in making such changes its purpose will
!~ to l'Fi.late with a due regard for tbTlabor
end capital involved in industrial enterprises
ABUSES OF TIIE TRUSTS.
Our Federal constitution has appropriated to
the ex'-lufclve use of the general Government
the rower of indirect taxation, coverad by the.
popular designation of "tariff duties." In ex
cluding the States from this domain of taxa
tion there is an implied and wise partition of
the taxing power between the Statea and the
Federal Government. Kxcept in the exigencie*
of war the taxing power has been exercised by
Congress largely in the dlttrcUon of the im
po*>ulon of duties upon import*. Xo one ex
pects to change this arrangement, which has
proven so convenient to the general Govern
ment and so conducive to the interests of the
htatec whose resort to other sources of revenue
Is left untrammeled. Indirect taxation, how
ever convenient, needs, by reason of indirect
ness to be watchfully guarded, lest abuses
Fhould attach themselves unknown by the peo
ple. Th*t many of the existing tariff rates
are exoesslve and enable powerful combina
tions to extort unjust and oppressive trib
ute from the people cannot be controverted.
The tariff is indubitably too high on euch ar
ti<->ji as «iable the manufacturer to sell his
products abroad cheerier than at home. SteoJ
rails are a conspicuous example In this re
epert. It Is admitted that they are being
made for f!5 a ton. A few years ago they
•new freely sold In this country at $17 a ton
Tli-y are now selling at the mil!* here for home
consumption at $28 a ton. and for the foreign
market at from $1S to $22 a ton. This unjust
discrimination againrt our people is made pos
*ibie only by a tariff that on this article is
entirely too hi*h.
WOULD MODIFY THE TARIFF.
These and many other unwarranted things,
that bclonr more to an empire than to a re
public, have occurred un£er the administration
and brought deep concern and alarm to
thoughtful and patriotic minds. They must
be regarded as the first fruits of imperialism
and show how fast we are drifting toward
absolutism and centralized power. The effect
of the imperialistic policy of the Republican
party on our foreign affairs is in oppoeitlon
to the teachings of the founder* of the re
public, and so imposed was Washington with
th» importance of keeping aloof from the af
fairs of other nations that in his farewell ad
dreys he warned his countrymen especially
agair.st foreign entanglements.
Imi*rialls,m Is hurtful and abhorrent In a
free government and subversive of free in
stitutions. The policy of imperialism— If it
can be raid to have a policy — is always <lan
perous to liberty. Its powers are first exer
cised in far-off territory and on conquered
Peoples, but once adopted for acquired and
dUtar.t posfv-fcEionp it becomes, soonor or
later, the rule of the home government. Lib
erty and free government have always been
eecured at the cost of great sacrifices, but
history teaches us that both can be easily loit
without knowledge of the people
DANGERS OF IMPERIALISM.
In answer to criticisms upon the size and
expense of maintaining the army, the- Presi
dent has paid that the number of soldiers now
Is r.o greater per capita than in former times.
Eut an army then was necesi-ary to protect
settlers from the Indians and to do other police
duty in the unsettled portions of the country —
conditions which do not now exist. The army,
however, has greatly increased in cost, much
last^r relatively than it has> In numbers. The
f xpenditures were: l.'nder Buchanan, in 1860,
$1<" r.U'.'XiO; under Hayes, in 1XKO. $3S,CO0,00u;
ur.der Roosevelt, in 1904. $115,000,000.
We a'.l hail as the harbinger of the new
tra in the commerce of the world the incep
tion of the great work of building the canal
that is to join the two great oceans, but we
dtprecate the action of the present adminin
tration which Inflicted a wound upon our na
tional honcr by Us disregard of the rights of
a wtaker nation in order to gain a doubtful
credit for energy in forwarding that great
enterprise. The territory of a neighboring re
public, with which ive are at peace. wa« seized
by a baud of revolutionists, protected by the
nun? of the United States navy, and erected
into a state over night, which the President
jTomptly recognized be an independent na
tion—a gross offense against a friendly re
public, which it was helplese to resent.
INCREASE IX COST OF ARMY.
The expenditure* per capita, of the Govern
ment are inctx-asicc at an alarming rate.
VThen the present administration went into
power there was a large surplus, but. notwith
standing the enormous taxation, the revenues
therefrom are not now adequate to meet the
demands made by recklew appropriations. The
revenues fell short during the last fiscal year
over $40,000,000. During the first sixty days of
this fiscal year the expenditures exceeded the
receipts by $24,000,000, and If this rate of ex
cess should continua the deficit for the present
fiscal year would be in the neighborhood of
$140,000,000. Tills needless deficit is due to the
extravagance of the administration and can
only be met by Imposing additional taxes or
•>el!ing bonds, thereby increasing the interest
bearing debt of the Government. Which course
will the Republicans adopt? The cost of gov
ernment during the fiscal year was $7 14 per
capita, which means that the average tax paid
!n some form or another by every family of
five persons toward the support of the national
adnr.nistratton of public affairs was over $25,
which, in the rase of wage earners, is a con
siderable percentage of the entire earnings for
the year. No more money should be taken
from the people by taxation, direct or indirect.
than is r.ecemary for the needs cf a govern
ment economically administered. To show the
rapid growth of the cost of government It U
only n»ce$sary to give the total expenditures
!n the last fiscal year of the following adminis
trations: Buchanan, 1W0, $f53.««X>.OOO, per cap
its P2 01; Cleveland, 1SIK5, $214,000,000, per cap
ita J5 5»; RoosevcX l»04. S5S2.000.000, per cap
ita, |7 14.
Dear Sirs: In accordance with custom, and
my premise when notined by your committee
at White Puijrhur Springs, on August 17, of my
nomination tor the office of Vice President, I
EU'amu the following observations upon some
of the questions before the country:
The times are propitious for the reinstate
ment of the Democratic party in control of the
Government. The public mind Is being disil
lusioned ot the i>r«'l<?n»ion of the Republican
party, so leng and to arrogantly male, that
;ne material prcyperity of the country depends
vij>on its own ascendency. Thoughtful and pa
triotic people are becoming more and more dis
trustful «f the heady and personal elements of
the present administration and are more than
VtniBS to see it replaced by one that better
r«cogr.:res countltutional and other lawful re
ptralnts. They demand that the present waste
ful fiLtravagance in the expenditure of th*
money, drawn by taxation from the industry
of the 5*-cpl<\ Fhall cease, and that economy
and honesty in the public service shall be again
regarded as virtue* In the high places of the
Government.
ELKLNS, W. Va.. Oct. 2. — H. G.
Davis" letter to John Sharp Williams,
in which he accepts the nomination of
Vice President on the Democratic
ticket, was made public to-day. It
is as follcnvs:
ELKINS. W. Va.. Oct. 3. 1901.— Hon. John
Sharp Wii'iami-. Chairman, and Other Mem
bens of the Committee —
Peculation and fraud In the public service
under the present administration, especially
tn the Postofnce and Land departments,
reached 6uch proportions that knowledge of
the evils practiced became public property.
Prosecutions naturally followed, but a thorough
and impartial Investigation by Congress, pro
posed and urged by the Democratic minority,
was refused by the Republicans at the man
date. It is believed, of the administration, Con
erees adjourned earlier than at any long ses
sion for many years, for the purpose. It is be
lieved, of preventing further agitation of the
question and in an effort to curtail expenses.
Offices are created and filled in pursuance of
law to carry on the Government and not to fur
ther party ambitions and the self-purpose of
any citizen. Many of the hundred thousand
Federal officeholders, servants of all the people
while under salary, are now vigorously some
covertly and openly, working and contributing
in th« present campaign to secure the success
of the Republican party in defiant violation
of the civil service laws, rules and regula
tions. Heveral members of the Cabinet and
other offlciais of the Government, forsaking
their duties and the departments at Wash
ington, are spending their time in making
speeches and using all the influence and power
of their official positions to elect their chief.
The late Democratic convention and its can
didate for President have given signal exhi
bition of a mutual respect and confidence al
most unprecedented in our political history,
and our party has received new inspiration
and hope in its appeal to the people, who
always appreciate and admire courage char
acter and discretion in their leaders. Our can
didate has these qualities, and can be de
pended upon at all times to observe that self
control In speech and action which is so neces
sary to safe reasoning and sound Judgment.
With unabated trust in the efficiency of the
cardinal principles of our great party, when
applied to the practical administration of Gov
ernment, to realize the blessings of peace and
prosperity for all, and believing that the peo
ple will correct the present abuses of admin
istration by a change of party In power I
await with confidence the result of their Judg
ment at the polls. Very truly yours,
H. G. DAVIS,
FRAUD IX PUBLIC SERVICE.
The declaration in the St. Louis platform In
favor of arbitration Is one that appeals to
any Fense of fairness. Nations and States
have employed to advantage this method of
settling disputed questions. States have invoked
its aid with Kood results, and Individuals fre
quently have resorted to it in adjusting ques
tions of differenoe. The Hague tribunal, repre
senting the sentiment of conciliation, is the
highest practical expression of Intelligent
thought on this subject. The principles of
arbitration are the same, whether governing
in the great court of nations or applied in the
affairs of individual life. Its permanent estab
lishment as * part of the Industrial system
ot the country upon a basis of mutual con
sent of all parties to a controversy would In
sure more friendly relations between employer
and employed, for the interest of the working
man and the employer Is identical. It affords
a safe and equitable method of determining
differences that may arise, ana nas been called
"a reasonable and natural mode" of settling
such disputes. The splgtt of arbitration is
kindred to tiie love of law and order. It Is
the arbiter of peace Instead of war and make*
for happiness instead of sorrow.
All lovers of their country must deprecate
the rehabilitation by the Republican party of
a disappearing race issue at a time when every
effort should be made to promote, rather than
retard, the progress which was being made In
the States where slavery had existed toward
kindlier relations between the two races. The
revival of this Issue with all its attendant evils
must of necessity retard the development of
the Southern States, whose people are strug
gling manfully with conditions left by the war
and seriously interferes with the industrial
progress of both races.
MSXEFITS OF ARBITRATION".
Local self-government that came to us, not
as the cift of the national Government, but
us the legitimate outcome of the reserve
powers of the States and of the people. Is the
very cornerstone' of our political structure and
the best assurance of liberty regulated by law.
It can only be maintained by strict observance
and limitations of the Federal constitution.
The Democratic party has always resisted and
will continue to resist the encroachment by Its
enemies upon the fundamental right of the
people of the several States. All power conies
from the people and should be surrendered only
In th" Interests of the people, and whenever
this power is used for sollish interests it la
not only an iibu.se, but usurpation.
known as trusts," which have grown up In the
last few years, under Republican rule. Pome
of them are zo cuiidurted as to be jxrnicioue
and harmful to the general interest.. \VU!i the
power th*y are able to exert, they can l»?EPn
competition, control prices and rt-KUlate to their
own advantage the law of supply and de
mand. Individual effort 13 helpless against
srjeh strong rivals, and the natural right of
all persons to barter and trade is unnaturally
restricted. The efforts of these trusts is to
control cr monoiiolize and these monopolies,
when unrestrained, seem to produce conditions
which bring about strikes and disorders and
disturb the business affairs of the country.
IS EOBBED IN TACOMA
Vice Presidential Candidate Crit
icizes Administration*
REPUBLICANS
WILL GREET
FAIRBANKS
John Foley Commits Suicide
for Odd Eeason at 4 Old
Soldiers' Shelter at Orting
DAVIS MAKES OBSERVATIONS IN LETTER
ACCEPTING DEMOCRATIC NOMINATION
AGED VETERAN
KILLS HIMSELF
THE . SAN FRANCISCO CALL', -/MONDAY, OCTOBER 3,-1904.
3
You'll Know
JVh«i you set the rt! P . but you won't
know how it happened— no one does
You won't care. Y OU will be too mis-
erable. But you will be intensely inter-
ested in how to get rid of it.
How to stop those cold chills from
chasinjr up and down the Bplne the In-
cessant pains in the limbs and back nau-
sea, couphlnp, fits, sneezing, discharge
Trom tne oyes and nose, muscular pains
and that brain-wracking headache.
The best treatment known for this
dreadful affliction Is
Dr. Miles' Nervine
Dr. Miles* Xervine cures by building
up the nervous system, and destroying
the germs which poison the blood. * If
taken when first symptoms appear is al-
most a sure preventive.
"I suffered several we*ks with Grip,
and nothing I took seemed to benefit me.
I suffered almost death, until I tried Drl
Miles' Restorative Xe.rvine. From the
Srst day I felt better. It relieved my
misery and pain, and grave me an appe-
tite and in few days I had fully recov-
ered."— MRS. GEO. B. HALL. 149 Lee
St.. Jackson. Tenn. - ¦
The first bottle will benefit. If not, the
£ru££ist will return your money.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/T^Sgfe^x pen thai T§®
TC« also carry a fall Un« of society sta-
tionery.
100 calling cards, printed, »©<>.
Engraved cards, per 10O. $1.00.
Daylight loading films, cameras and
photo paper.
Large variety of California souvenirs. •
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
I*. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 1UBXET STBSXT. Opp. Pitta,
SAN' FRAN'CISCO.
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine* •
or your money returned. Price,
SOc and $1.00 per bottle.- For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.*
28 California St, S. F M sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat 0
$HUSEUH OF AHATOHYf
\ C The L^r-eit Anatoalctl MiKin in lh* \
Q .I," p ¦£*. World. WMir.liHi ot joy eooitact«4 A •
i SM S* <"">*•« F«^«<»»«7 iuinI n T th. oMnt £
O ¥B K3| Spca^ftt OB ">• Cout Eat. 36 j«an. 0 •
A 4*g* A OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM 4
A m €^v5u Contaltktiea fres and (trktly prirttt. \
0 U *S\ 7(] TrMmnt personally or by letter. A m
T ¦ W Vi D JTwtKw Oar* in er«ry case ¦ndartskea. W
DPS U& w rit»for Bo«k. PHJl.«>«raVtr A
V " j] n 1 ) sinnUGi. mailxo vies, (at
A O (J. »«iu»bi« book far mrn) \
Y DB. JORDAN & CO.. 1051 Market 8t. 8. T. 9
EVERY.BLADE WARRANTED
I BrPIERCE'S
GOLDEN
J_ MEDICAL
t&TSCOVERY
\- ( FOR THE
OCEAX TRAVEL.
Steamer* leavs Broadway
y£>-^^®\. wharves (piers 9 and 11).
f3C/L- San Francisco:
/w r«^<ite Y"A For Ketchlkaa, Wrangal.
1 I VlK 1^! I I Juneau - Halr.es. SluKoay.
\ V \*M*i / I « tc -« Alaska — 11 a. m.. Octo-
\*2^ \l Jtf/ ber 2 - "• 12 ' 17 - Z2. 27. Nor.
\y»s** 1- Change) to this company's
>J/Jfl«vf/ Bteamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
South Belllngham. Eelllngham — 11 a-m., Oct. 2.
7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. Pf Ry.
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p." m.. October 1. 7. 13. 19. 23. 31. Nov. «.
Corona. 1:30 p. m.. October 4. 10. 16. 22. 28.
Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Ansele* and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbax*—
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State ot California. Thursdays. 9 a. in.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucoss Port Harford (San •
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Bueneme.
Bonita. 9 a. m., October «. 14. 22, 30. Nor. T.
Coos Bay, 9 a. in.. October 2. 10, IS, IX
Nov. 3.
For Knsenada, Magdalesa Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each no.
For further information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET omCES— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace H«tel). 10 Market «t.,and Brdad-
way wharves. Freight Office 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market bL. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA- '
¦ v\ " — — '
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO->
Steamers will leave Pacific Mall wharf, eor-
n*T First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. toe
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiozo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
; connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day;
of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARTT
'Wednerday. October 19. 1904
Via Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oceaBics.sxo.sasi
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. R. It a.m
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 2O. 11 a-m.
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday Oct.. 20, 2 p. m.
I.D.SPBECXELS&BEGS. CO., lUs.,IlCa!t0l35OIir-
iet rrcigHt OSes 329 Market si, Pier 7, Pisils st
C0MPAG3U GEHSHALE THA53ATI.ASTIQ1J2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARI3
Sailing every Thursday Instead ol ••r.KJT*)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. — VSttP
North River, foot of Morton st. •
First clas« to Havre. $70 and upward. Sea-
ond class to Havre. !« and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
?iV4 York J. F- FUGAZI tt CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San FrancUco,
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
STEAMER llT CORCORAN
Leaves S. F.. Clay St.. N end of Ferry bid*,
dally 9:30 a. m.. 3 and »3 p. m. Sundays.
9-30 a. m.. 8 p. m.. leave Vallejo dally 8:50
a' m. 12:20 and 5:30 p. m. Sundays 5 p. m, -
Fare 25c. P. A-.Q. Co. Phons Main «!.
•Saturdays excepted.
X*ox IT. S. Havy Yard and Valla Jo.
Strs. General Frisble. Monticello and Arrow,
0:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m., 8:30 p.
m Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:13 a.m.,
12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m., 8:30 ptn. Leave Vallejo. 1
a.m.. 9 a.m.. 12:30p.m., 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m. San*
days, -7 a.m.. S a.m., 3:20 pm.. rt p.m. Pier X
ft. Mission St.; phone Main 1508. HATCH BROS
ijr ADVERTISEaiEyTS.
wi^ll\ \,/ OR mE CNo/cesr
/fill ill'^
I^^M^rMondiiy, Tuesday! Wednesday |
I GROCERIES §
H Eastern Sams 13% c Fancy Biffin Creamery Pure Castile Soap - R
Vn Fresh smoked augar-cured. Butter lb. 25c . larffe bar 15o Sa
n ¦ Monday only. i n quantities. 24c. Imported.x Reg. 25c. jfci
M Cudahy's E-Z Soap new Sugrar Corn Kew String 1 Beans ."Hi
$a 8 bars 25c; 35 for SI No limit. .3 cans 25c * 3cui SSe B
U I»thfn^ e .nVn nd beat ln FIrst 8hl P ment ot tWs Stringier/ Reg. 2 for 25c If
Kg TvasIiInR soap. year's crop • -- - ,-«. ». H
U Shillings Beit Baking: Kome-Mado Jams and H^?S > if t - H
KB Powder, .lto. can. 33o Jellies.. lar&e Jar« lOo M< £3£^2kfr * ¦
H Reg. 45c. 4 Biassea. S5c? Monday only. ra
|H Iiibby's Deviled Ham.. New Tomatoes EZTfiA SPECIALS IH fa
H Keg. 5c. . . .3 cans lOo 4 cans 25c SOAST COFFEES. fl
H Imported Swiss Cheese Extra fancy. Old Qov'm'nt Java 25c tJ
m lb. 25o Domestio Sardines... 5c «« 35o lb • M
ffij No limit. Reg. 35c. / With key opetxm. Doz. 55c -•««?* «i«» «o« H
§3 Kew California, Pigs Pancy Sliced Pineapple, SS" 1 *^? S, »ica..20c R
E3 and Seeded Itaisins.. Sinsupore-l'sre can 15c #.„«•„.. 1R . •«
s| • . pkjr So Reg 25c rr - BreaJcfst Coffee.lSc IJ
H Santa Clara Prunes... Table Bice lb. 5c 5fjf-^f- fl l"J f 1 *" 11 «*¦"* gg
W ;... .10 lbs. 25c Extra fancy Japan. Large and fun navor. |j
9 Table Belishes.. each 5o wh i te - n lbs. 5Oc. Pornxosa Oolonff Tea IJ
P9 English Reltsh. Chill Sauc«. New Codfish. .4 lbs. 25c and English Break- ft!
H Worcestershire Sauce, Salad Boneless middles. Reg. 10c. fast lb. 35c rl
EJ Dressing, Muetard. etc. Gal. cans Tomatoes..l5c Put up in cartons. Reg. 60c Kj
e| Reg. 10c and 15c Reg. $2.60 do*. Dox. $1.75 lb. 3 lbs. f l.OO. K|
i LIQUORS f|
B AA Fort and Sherry Williams & Sons Scotch Bermitacre and Old [
B Wine gal. 60c Whiskey ..bot. Si .00 Crow Whiskey B
Jh Bella Blanca brand. Ouar- The original "High Ball" .full quart 95c If
¦ antced 5 years old. Reg. SI. Scotch. Reg. $1.25. High proof. Reg. $1.25. fa
El Bass's Ale and Qoin- Bella Blanca, Brandy. . Hungarian Port "Wine.. {
El ness's Stout.doz. 81.65 toot. 75c Imported ral. £2.00 ¦
M' Monday only. ,:. Pure 'California distillery Rich. Great tonic Regr. %3. 1
M Miniature bottle Wnls- bottling. Reg. $1.00. Bine Bell Bourbon ¦ .
£i key ....... .3 for 25o Old Tom Gin. . Jiot. 65c Wnliiey..fuU pts. 35c B '
H Vest ¦ pocket size. 2 smiles Medicinal. Reg. SOc. old. matured and mellow. E
M in each. Doz. OOc. Table Claret. . .jraL 25c Reg. SOc. Pi
B President Blue Plasr Good wine. No limit. Bella Blanca Claret. .. H
¦ Wbiskey £«• *<*. - doz. 82.25 ; at. bot. 20c ' H
E3 . . .full quart bot. 85c Kipley's "Xiffht Cap" Bottled at Aurora Vine-. f&
B9 Bottled In bond. Full proof. '¦• Whiskey, .full at. 75c yard. Xapa Co. Reg. $3.C0 H
MM Rep. $1.25.' Old Bourbon. Reg. $1.00. doz., 30c bottle. Ei
w W 1 \M rnr 1 1 W a fir I * J b "b Efl ¥Alameda County.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 1
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
INJURED IN FALLINa.-^-John E' MiiCJaky,
C24 Oak street, sustained a possible fracture
of the ekull yesterday when he fell In a faint
un California street.
DfttJNKKN BA1LOII RUNS AMUCK.— John
Donovan, a drunken sailor, ran amuck in the
Potrero yesterday. After an encounter with
Policeman P. J. Perrell, however. It was neti-
M«ry for him t6 bo treated at the Potrero
Hospital, lie was then sent to the Central
Emergency for observation for tt possible frac
ture of the skull.
IMPROVEMENT CLUB ORGANIZED. —
Oakland, Oct. J.^The First Ward Improvement
Club has effected permanent organisation, and
the following officers have b««n elected: Presi
dent, A. D. Pryal; vice president, M. P. Man
ning: secretary, A. L Roberta. The meetings
Of the club will be held every Thursday even-
Ing at 8 o'clock, at 5901 Channltlg street cor
ner of Fifty-ninth.
Catherine Fennell, . an j old ; woman,
clad in filthy rags. Was brought to the
Emergency Hospital yesterday from
Twenty-ninth averiue South, where
the police found her camping in the
roadway. She was ejected by the
Sheriff three days ago because of fail
ure to pay the rent of ah old "shack
where she had been living for years.
Having no place else to go she camped
on f the roadway, covering, herself up
at night with what bed covering she
could find. She will probably find a
home at the Almshouse to-day.
She Sleeps on the Roadway.
LONDON, Oct. 3. — From the wire
less telegraph station at Poldhu It Is
reported that a jsrale is delaying the
steamer Vaderland, on board of which
are Mrs. Lev! Z. Letter and Miss Nan
nie Leiter, mother and eister re
spectively of Lady Curion. Lord Cur
zon has ordered a special train to be
held In readiness to convey the Leiter
party to Walmer Castle with all speed.
Special Train in Waiting to Carry tlie
Party to Uie Bedside" of
Lady Curzon.
GALE DELAYS LKITKRS
OX TRIP TO ENGLAND
¦ BODY " RECOVERED. — Oakland, • Oct. 2. —
Tl:fc body of Joseph W. O'Brien. & sixteen-year
old apnrentlce in the Southern Pacific Com pa
ny's,employ, who was drowned at Long wharf
last Wednesday afternoon, was recovered to
night t.y James Rhodes At the place where. tht
accident occurred. O'Brien . fell oft • •> gang
plank while. going aboard the ferry-boat Berke-
Dominick T. Turpey, who for the
last forty-eight years has been * a resi
dent of this city, died at .his home,
1788 Bush street, at 1 o'clock yester
day afternoon. Although he spent
much of his time In Utah, Mr. Tar
pey always considered Ban Francisco
his home and a host of friends mourn
his loss. , He returned from his Utah
ranch about a week ago suffering with
heart disease, and despite the" efforts
of ; his physicians 1 continued to . grow
weaker until he. died yesterday.
Deceased was a brother of M". F.
Tarpey, the well-known local politi
cian. For twenty, years he was land
agent ; for . the Southern Pacific in
Utah • end -Nevada, and'* -he retired
about five years ago. Lately he has
devoted his time to mining and look
ing after his ranch.. Mr. -Tarpey was
fifty-four years of age and' leaves a
widow and six children, John V.,
David D., Paul A., Hugh, Clara and
Winlfrea.. Arrangements for, the
funeral have hot yet been completed."
Well Known Resident Of Tills City Ia
Culled to ills Eternal Rest.
DEATH OF 1>. T. TAitPEY.
Mrs. Poole was accompanied by her
husbaftd. William J. Poole, who is the
local manager of a large bicycle firm.
As soon as possible Mrs. Poole was re
moved to her home, 548 Merrlmac
street. The horse which caused the
trouble Was driven by Peter HOltz.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— Frightened at
the whirring machinery of an auto
mobile, a fractious horse leaped
straight into the machine it was try
ing to avoid to-day and Its iron-Bhod
hoofs crashed Upon Mrs. W. J. Poole,
crushing three of her ribs and inflict
ing other injuries the full extent of
which have hot yet been determined.
The accident happened on the San
Leandro road, just Opposite the satro
Park Hotel. As noon as Mrs. Poole
was released from the wreck she was
carried Into . the hotel and Dr. A. S.
Larkey was called to attend her.
Sirs. \V. J. Poole Injured.
O'BRIENS LANDING, Mo., Oct. 2.
Four men and a negro woman were
killed here to-day by Charles Gietrell
of Memphis, Tenn., employed as a
clerk in a commispary etore. Geitrell.
it is said, mad from fever, ' rUshod
from his bed into the street in his
nightrobe, having: obtained possession
of a Run. lie later escaped. into the
woods. A Sheriff and posse are in
pursuit.
Clerk Kitties From Wed and Shoots
Down Four Men nnd
a Woman.
CIIAZKD WITH FBVKR.
UK KILLS FIVE PEOPLE
Wonini Hold Suecemftil Bazaar.
OAKLA.Mt. Oct 2.— The annual
bazfiar of Kt. Paul 1 * English Lutheran
Chiirrh. which opened at Forester's
Hull la*t Thursday evening, closed
this evening. The bazaar was held
under the r.usoices of the Ladies' Aid
Society of the church and its success
was due to the work of the follow
ing committees: The Lndios' Aid
booth- — Mrs. Sorensen and Mrs. O.
Anderson. Coffee refreshments — Mrs.
A. llnnypn, Mrs. M. Olsen. Mr?. An
dresni and Mrs. Erick*en. Xovelty
booth — Miss Ella Anderson, Mies
Marie Trti!.«=en and MIks Annie Rohl.
Ice creum booth — Miss Annie Fritzo.
Miss Mail' Jensen, Miss Lizzie Rohl.
Lemonade booth? — Miss Connie Ari
derson, Mis« Lilian Fraser, Miss
Emma Jonsen. Fish :>pnd — Miss Mary
.Torgensen, Mfus Carrie Johnsen and
Miss Lily Jensen.
WIH I)i*cu«* Itoml Scheme.
BERKELEY. Oct. 2.— Every mem
ber of the Citizens' Bond Committee
that a year ago investigated the vari
ous items for the proposed boni
scheme at the behest of the
Board of Trustees Is expected
to meet with the Trustees to
morrow night 4.O talk over the propo
sition finally. President Thomas
Rickard and his colleagues have set
aside this evening for a special rneeU
ing to receive opinions and advice
from citizens and they expect a rous
ing meeting. It is not improbable
that a pruning down of the estimates
for the proposed improvement will re
suJt-
Girl Causes Gould's Arrest.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 2. — Frank G.
Gould was arrested last night upon the
complaint of Miss Doris Blber and
charged with battery. He ia accused
by the young lady of brutally striking
her and pinching her arm until it was
black and blue when she called at bin
residence at Santa Clara avenue and
Everett street to collect a bill of $8
for milk Bold Gould by her father.
Mrs. William E. Gjllmore and chil
dren departed for the East last' night.
After visiting St. Louis and other
points of Interest, they w.ill go to Fort
Snelllngr to join Lieutenant Gillmore
the latter part of November.
A* Baring Gould, a prominent min
ing man from Placerville, is at the
Palace.
Commissioner of Emigration Fi P.
Bargent from Washington, D. C, is at
the Palace.
Captain James R. Lindsay and fam
ily left for the East last night to be
pone seventy-live days. They will. visit
St. Louis, Leavenworth and Olney, 111.
PERSONAL.
Josef Hofmann, the pianist. Is at
the Palace.
Senator Thomas FJint from San
Juan 1b at the Palace.
Colonel and Mrs. E. A. Godwin
arrived from Ord Barracks yesterday
and are at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Ai C. Baloh of Los
Angeles are at the St. Francis.
Captain Berllneky, commander' of
the Russian transport Lena, Is at the
Palace. . : ['^ s
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 2. — Accord
ing- to an announcement made by Sec
retary Shepard. the National, Educa
tional Association will not hereafter
meet in exposition cities and for that
reason the scheduled convention to be
h^ld at Portland during the Lewis and
Clark centennial has been canceled.
The reason •for this decision is said to
be that meetings of the association
held in exposition cities in the past
have resulted in greater financial loss
than the organisation feels able to
bear.
National Educational Association Can
erf* Convention Scheduled for
Portland During Centennial.
WILL NOT MKKT HEREAFTER
IN KXPOSITIOX-. CITIES
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 2. — David
Sacry's tragic leap from the ferry
steamer James M. Donahue Saturday
evening while the vessel n was oft Angel
Island has formed the principal topic
of conversation here to-day. He was
a prominent business man of this city,
where he had resided since 1854, and
ho Was known to every man, woman
and child in the plate. A search of
hia room this morning brought to light
a Aviil drawn by him in August, 1902,
but nothing that would show any rea
son for his committing suicide. This
will expresed a desire to be cremated.
In the will Sacry gives all his prop
erty to his old-time friend, Joseph H.
ftlchardson, and instructs the latte"r,
if the estate warrants it, to give to
Mrs. J. H. Holmnn, Miss E. J. Hol
man and Charles W. Sacry, his cousin,
the sum of $100 each. He left a two
story brick business block, containing
a general stock of merchandise, and a
large residence lot, running through
from Second to Third streets, and with
a cottage fronting on each street, be
sides money In the bank.
Bacry had suffered from a severe
cold since he visited the metropolis
during the sessions of the Sovereign
Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows. He was
ft prominent member of that order.
He started for San Francisco Saturday
evening without telling Richardson of
his plans and sent him word from the
depot that he had gone. At the death
bf Richardson What remains of the
estate goes to the Quid Fellows' Or
phanage at Gllroy and an orphans
home at Vallejo.
ESTATE GOES TO HIS
LIFE-LONG COMPANION
OAKLAND, Oct. 2. — The garden
fete of i?t. Pauls Chancel Chapter of
St. Paur* Church, which was postponed
on account of bad weather from 8ep
tcmbf>- 24 until Saturday. October 8,
v.ill be hrld In i:bell Hall, from 2 to «
\). m. The la dies in charge of the af
fair rntve «lec!de<l to take no chances
with the weathef and will hold the
fete indoors. The entertainment will
1>e the Panie. however, as if held out
of do«Mp. There will be fancy work,
handkerchief, candy, lemonade, tea,
Kpron stul fishpond booths, each of
which will be decorated to represent
a portion of a garden in bloom.
Latlios of St. Pauls < Imncrl Chapter
IKvldo to Give the Enter
tainment Indoor>.
GAi:i)tx rxrri: to hi: held
IX EIJELL CLUB HALL
The third of th* cerles of library lecture* on
bibliography will be given, at 7::>0 o'clock
Thursday evening in the Bacon Art Gallery.
"The Social Question In Italy" is the subject
of a lecture to be delivered at 4 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Students' Observatory
by Attllio Prunifiltl. It will be op£n to the
public.
The first of tlv? Herzstein lectures, on "Per
montH and PVrmentatlon." will he given by
Dr. Alonzo K. Taylor at 4 o'clock Tuesday aft
ernoon in the Students' Observatory.
BERKELEY. Ort. 2.— The first of the series
of assemblies planned by the nonlor class at the
University of California will be given n-xt Fri
day evening In Hearst Hall. Arrangement* for
the assembly were made by a committee con
fl'tlng of J. M. Wolfsohn. George B. Gillson,
Miss KtheJ Richardson, D. P. Booth Miss Myr
tle 81ms. Carl Bafter. A. C. Keane, Miss Grace
JarviS and ittss Edith "Wilt-ox.
The "half-hour or music" at the Greek Thea
ter this afternoon was attended by about MKH)
poople. The programme was contributed by the
University Mandolin. Banjo and Guitar clubs
and by William Ctester Davis, violinist, ahd
A. N. Black, banjolst.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
There Is also a large demand for res
idence property in Fruitvale. M. C.
Gibson, a prominent real estate dealer
of that community, said:
Th£ only trouble with the fruitvale realty
market is Inability to accommodate intending
purchasers. I have had many inquiries for
residence property during the month, three
fourths of which have been from non-reeldentfii
William J. Laymance, president of
the Laymance Heal Estate Company,
said to-day:
Our office has received an unusually large
number of iriqurlea for property during the
*eek from non-resident people who wish to
purchase homes ~ or land on which to build
homes. The most of the*e a*k for cash prices
and-seefh'to have the meant to pay for what
they want. The principal demand Is for home*
ranging in value from $2,100 to $5000.
Our renting department ts also very bufcy at
present, but we are much handicapped by lack
of suitable houses for rent. There ts absolute
ly nothing to be had In West Oakland, and
very few houses In East and North Oakland.
Altogether there Is a &pietidld outlook for a
larifa increase In population Of Oakland during
the coming winter. • ¦ j'-.^vr
Prominent real estate dealers in Oak
land, Berkeley and Alameda report that
nearly three-fourths or the inquiries
for property during the last month
have been from non-residents. *
The Laymance Real Estate Com
pany, through which Mr. McHenry
bought the site for his plant, has Just
secured a location for another large
manufacturing company. This com
pany has been organized by the former
owners of the well-known IXL
Canning Company, and will prepare
meats and table delicacies for the local
and foreign markets. The plant of the
canning company will be located near
Third and Washington streets.
The establishment of so many large
manufacturing industries in this city Is
already attracting many people to Oak
land.
Several new manufacturing Indus
tries have been lately located in Oak
land, which, when 'they begin, opera
tions, will give employment to a large
number of workmen, thereby materially
increasing the commercial activity of
the city. Among the most important of
these are the Fruitvale Motor and Au
tomobile Company, incorporated with a
capital stock of $250,000, nearly all held
by prominent business men of Fruit
vale; the Continental Paint and Var
nish Company, which has already be
gun operations in East Oakland, and a
new steel bedsprlng manufacturing
company organized by Curtis WriKht
Jr. of Carthage, Mo. P. O. McHenry,
a prominent capitalist of Southern Cal
ifornia, has secured a site for a com
plete cold storage plant at the north
east corner of First and Brush streets.
The work of erecting the building will
be begun at once. The structure will
be 100x125 feet in size and the plant
Complete will cost nearly $100,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. OCt. 2.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Brown (Addressed).
Brown was a native of Missouri, 29
years of aae, and a son of one of the
oldest and most respected families of
this city. He was employed for nine
years in the local Postoffice. Of a
despondent disposition, he studiously
avoided triendships. It is believed that
his mind had become deran&ed and
that he was temporarily insane when
he killed himfeelf.
Dear Parents: You will find all papers In
proper order and will, of course, read them
between you. Please have my body cremated.
KARL.
Brdwn had Carefully prepared for his
act. He attired hlmSelf In his best
clothes and sat on the edge of his bed
when he fired. The following notes
were found in his apartment :
ALu\M£l>A. Cal., Oct. I. liVH.
My Dear Parents: Forgtlve me for doing
this. It was a move I have lonjr meditated
and have only been delayed by my scruples at
iles>ertlnp you. If I have ever seemed ungrate
ful, it was only Feemlngly, for I do and have
appreciated your kindness In niy heart and 1
know that you are my lru«» friends. ¦ Again I
beg forgiveness, and may the Lord bless your
remaining year*. Good-by. KARL..
ALAME%V, Oct. 2. — Without any
known motive, Philip Earl Brown, son
of Cyrus A. Brown, a member of the
Board of Education, blew his brains
out with a revolver last night in his
room at the family residence, 2250 Jose
avenue. Hia body was found at 10
o'clock this morning by hie mother,
who Went to her son's apartment to
ascertain why he had not risen. It is
thoueht that the vbung man committed
euiclde shortly after 10 o'clock last
night, an the muffled report of a shot
was heard at that-time by Bruce Spen
cer, who. was sitting on the front porch
of the house.
Oakland Real Estate Men
Have Trouble in Supply
ing Prospective Renters
Philip B. Brown Carefully
Arranges His Plans for
Act of Self-Destructioii
The Red Cross Society of Oakland
will hold It? annual meeting in the
Ebell Club rooms at 3 p. m. to-mor
row. Any person interested in the
work or the society is invited to attend
the meeting.
Prt»ld*m, Mr*. K F. Merrill; flr?t vice pres
ident. Mrs. W. F. Dunn: oeoond vice president.
Mrs. Harry Huber: KCKtarjr. Mrs. J. S. Hum
phrey; treasurer. Mr*. H. E. Keepers.; chaplain.
Mrs. W. W. Han:l!n: con<1uctrei!!««?8, Jennie
FVtedt and Mis. E. F*. Glbnon; guard. Mrs. K.
R. Xordt.
The annual meeting of the Wom
en's Civic Improvement Club will be
held next Monday afternoon at 3
o'clock In Chabot Observatory Hall.
The reports on the past year's work
will be read and officers will be
elected. After the business meeting
Charles F. Ott. FuperLntendent of
streets, will tell what women can do
to make and keep the streets of a
city beautiful.-
The Ladies' Auxiliary to the United
Spanish War Veterans, organized in
Oakland the past month, has been
mustered in by the State mustering
officer. Mrs. Edwin L. Barry. The
officers elected to direct the affairs of
the organization for the first year
are:
Central enmmittee — Mm. J. I>. Lynn. Mrs. K.
M. Gibson, Mrs. L.. G. Bourbee and Mlse Bessie
W<vk3f.
¦\Vays nnd means— Mrs. M. M. Posey. Mrs.
R. H. Chamberlain. Mrf. J. S. Gardner, Mrs.
};. E. Bachor and Mrs. J. 1' Hamilton.
OAKLAND. Oct. 2. — The Women's
Auxiliary of the "V*oung Men's Chris
tian Association will hold a business
meeting next Friday morning at 10
o'clock in the parlors of the First
Congregational Church. At the last
meeting the following committees
were appointed:
Several Organizations lo Hold Their
Annual Meetings During Hip
IMTwnit Month.
OAKLAND WOMEN'S CL.CBS
i:xi> Tin: year's work
ENDS HIS LIFE
WITH REVOLVER
OAKLAND CLERGYMAN WHO HAS
RESIGNED HIS CHARGE TO BE
COME A MISSIONARY.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 2.
The members of the several societies
of St. Patrick's Church, West Oakland,
will give an' entertainment and whist
tournament in the West Oakland Audi
torium, at Tenth and Peralta streets,
next Thursday evening for the benefit
of the Jubilee fair of St. Patrick's par
ish, which will begin Saturday evening,
October 16. The whist tournament will
be given under the auspices of the 500
Club of West Oakland, and the mem
bers of the other organizations connect
ed with the parish will provide the en
tertainment, which will consist of two
farces ahd a variety of musical and lit
erary numbers.
The committees in charge of the fair
to be given this month by the members
of St. Anthony's parish, in East Oak
land, the, proceeds of which are to be
used in paying off the $20,000 debt on
the parochial school, will give an ex
cursion on the bay next Saturday after
noon for the benefit of the fair fund.
The steamer H. J. Corcoran, which has
been chartered for. the excursion, will
leave the Vallejo-street wharf in San
Francisco at 1 p. m.. and a run will be
made to Vallejo and the .Mare Island
Navy Yard, where the excursionists
will view the dismantled Russian cruis
er Lena.
The St. Mary's College orchestra of
thirty-five pieces will furnish music
during: the trip. The members of the
committee In charge of the excursion
ar§:
Lawrence F. Walsh. Frank A. Coitello,
Captain John F. Seymour, T. J. O'Brien. Neal
Power, Geor»e A. Connolly, Peter J. CurtUs,
George R. Gallagher. Stephen V. Costello,
James McElroy, James B. . Smith. Joseph
Twohip. Richard J. Welch. Herbert Schmitz,
Or. John Gallagher, Dr. A. Keenan, Fred
Butz, Edward Scully, John J. Flynn, James
Oilmartln. J. Looney. Frank fthea, A. Hanify.
Captain J. J. ConnliT. Michael Casey, P. F.
McCarthy. David Costello, Thomas Dunne.
The Catholic ladles of San Francisco
will have a booth at St. Anthony's par
ish fair. It will be in charge of Mrs.
Nellie F. Sullivan, Mrs. M. F. McGlade,
Mrs. James Burke, Miss Rita Curtis
and .Miss Alma Lacombe.
A three-act farce comedy entitled
"Confusion" will be given at Dietz's
Opera-house next Tuesday evening,
October 4, under the auspices of Young
Ladies' Institute No. 15 of Oakland for
the benefit of the Sisters of Providence
Hospital. The farce will be presented
by the members of Caldwell'B dramatic
school bf San Francisco. The members
of the Institute who have arranged the
benefit are:
Miss Mary Madeira*. Miss Nellie Connolly,
Miss Johanna Mealtey. Miss Lily McGrath.
Mum Fanny Morris. Mlsa Molly Grady, Miss
Kate McKelrnan, Miss Jennie Regan. Mlsa
Mary Kenneally. Miss Jennie McBrten. Miss
Mary Madden. Mrs. C Brian and Mrs. Carson.
HEALTH OFFICER- RAGAN
HONORED BV HIS FRIENDS
Popular Official Presented With Hand
some Badge Prior to Departure
for East.
D. F. Raffan, M. D., Health Officer
of this city, was the guest of honor at
a reception Saturday evening at
the home of Dr. Max Magnus,
681 Hayes street. Dr. Ragan de
parts during the week for a tour
Of Eastern cities to . study sanitary
conditions and the newer methods of
food inspection and analysis. His
friends surprised him by gathering at
his friend's home, where they pre
sented him with a jeweled badge of
his oflice. Mayor Schmitz made the
presentation and in the course of his
remarks called attention to the good
work performed by Dr. Ragan since
his appointment .last January. With
becoming modesty Dr. Ragan accepted
the handsome gift and In fitting words
thanked his friends for their thought
fulness.
The badge Is typically Callfornlan.
It is surmounted by the golden bear,
has the Geneva red crdss and In the
center displays the coat of arms of
the city. The sunset In the Golden
Gate Is represented by a diamond.
During the evening an orchestra
discoursed popular melodies and well
known singers and monologlsts enter
tained the assemblage. A. Ruef was
toaetmaster and speeches were deliv
ered by members of the Judiciary,
medical men anl laymen.
Among those present were Mayor
E. E. Schtnitz, D. F. Ragan, M. D.;
Dr. James W. Ward, Abe Ruef, Drs.
Tullio A. Rottanzi, George P. Pur
lenky, Frank J. Tillman. C. F. Millar,
A. S. Adler, Joseph F. Poheim, J. Cop
lin Stinson, W. A. Harv«y, J. v.
Hughes, George Drucker, Max E.
Magnus, George Brady, W. C. Hass
ler, Rupert Blue, J. P. Donnelly, J. I.
Stephen, Stillman. Rixford, W. C.
Bothe and F. Canney, Judges W. H.
I-awlor. Frank H. Kerrigan. J. C. B.
Hebbard, J. M. Seawell, George H.
Bahrs, Dr. Martin Regensburger,
IiOuis Levy, Horatio Mussey, Judge
Daniels, Edward Coffey, Thomaa
Boyle, Alfred Roncovierl. Lawrence
Walsh, Raleigh Hooe. Emmett Bar
rett, John Fitzgerald. Herbert F.
Schmitz, George W. Wlttman, J. Fen
ton, J. Ragan, Major Harney, J. J,
Dwyer, Angelo Byrne. John J. Shee
han. Myrtile Cerf. Madison Babcock,
Michael Lang; Bert Cadwallader, Jean
Beauce,- Martin Fleming. Frank
R^hmitz, J. H. Simmons, Stephen V.
Costello, George E. Gallagher. Drs.
Hannah and Welch, James W. Coft
roth. Charles Welch. J. J. McDade and
W. J. Biggy.
London Market Improves.
LONDON, Oct. 2. — The stock ex
change last week again assumed a
most cheerful aspect and, though the
actual dealings are not very numer
ous, the distinct advance In prices re
corded In most markets and the strong
demand for good investment securi
ties . gives promise of better times.
The most active market of the week
has been the Americans, there being
more business there than for a lonr
time past.
VACANT HOUSES
HARD TO FIND
Trustees Combs and Hammond af
firmed that they were against the buy
ing of power outside, and favored Pres
iaent Forderer's project of adding new
machinery to the works.
+ : - * , j.
t do not think, as Mr. Bowern does, that the
plant Is beiht: 6v«>rtaxed or that therr is any
Immediate danger of some- of the expensive
machinery being burned but. The machines
are. guranteed to tarry 25 per cent more load
than they have yet hifl to carry. I believe
that we i-an accommodate all our patrons dur
ing the winter without an Improvement. Mr.
Bowtrs' plan to bring In power from outside
sources would entail an expense of nearly $5000
to make the necesrafy connections, and then
we should not have po*T enough to supply
the city If our own plant broke down. We
have provided liberally for the municipal
plant in the. coming tax levy Hnd I believe
that with Careful management we can pur
chase and Install machinery that will suffice
for some time to
ALAMEDA. QCt. 2.— City Trustee Wil
liam M. .Bowers' plan to purchase ex
tra current from outside sources for the
municipal electric plant does not meet
with the approval of President Joseph
F. Forderer, B. E. Cotnba and C J.
Hammond bf the Board Of TftiPtees.
The fifth member of the body, Dr. H.
M. Pond, is at present touring the
Eastern States, and his attitude toward
such a proDosition is Unknown.
In opposition to Trustee Bowers" plan
President Forderer said:
Professor Mead devotes some space
to a description of irrigation in New-
Jersey, where experiments are being
made with asparagus, blackberries,
raspberries?, gooseberries, currants and
strawberries.
9 — Tlie main drawbacks are. the lack of
knowledge regarding the practical handling
of wat*>r In the field and too lavish application,
especially If soon followed by rain.
10— During the last seven or eight years
very little advancement has been niaiV in irri
gation farming, but at present farmers are
arrantlnj? their wells with reference, to prob
able future use. and when the necessity again
arises rrmny will be prepared ahd will make
use of tiu-lr supply. In general, those -who
have not waited for the necessity to arise, but
have practiced irrigation as a part of improved
and intensified farming-, have found It proflt
abte. own under the present favorable natural
conditions
7 — Tlie crops are always of superior quality,
grading No. 1 when unirrigated crops grade
No. 3, or are even rejected. ¦>
fi — A food two-Inch well supplemented by a
reservoir will furnish water for half a sec
tion of land.
? — The talts In the water and tho«e drawn
from the land have not thus far had any
detrimental effect, nor do they plve Indication*
that they will have In the future. All cases
of deterioration of the soil are directly trace
able to an over supply of water.
5 — L'nder irrigation the farmer is practically
sure of a rfoi> each year.
«— In ordinary or extra dry years the crop
Is increased two. and sometimes three fold.
1 — Irrigation can be practiced to advantage
during: most of the years, though there Is
•ccasjonally a year when the moisture is suf
ficient and properly distributed.
2 — The wells are not called upon to furnish
all the water needed for crops, but merely to
supplement rainfall.
¦'4— Care must M taken that the ROlt does
not become too wet.
Professor Mead summarizes his con
clusions drawn from the investigations
carried on In the humid sections in
the following manner:
As chief of the irrigation investiga
tion of the United States Department
of Agriculture Professor Elwood Mead,
who is now on his way to California
to take up his duties as professor of
irrigation at the University of Califor
nia, has Just published a report on the
irrigation investigation in the humid
sections of the United States during
1S93 that will be valuable to all men
interested in agricultural pursuits. The
report deals almost exclusively with
the irrigation of market-garden crops
and the deduction he draws is that
such crops cannot be profitably grown
except that farmers irrigate intelli
gently. Irrigation as fln assurance
against drv farming has proved very
profitable to the Eastern farmers who
had the wisdom not to rely on the rain
that they could not ordinarily expect.
He gaid:
Therr is <>v*ry reason to bpllev* that, as
population inrr»* »«•* and land becomes morp
valusbl", the rone In which irrigation can tw
profitably emjiloyed Will be extended In thin
country, as it nan been In Europe. With
lilphr priced croim and more extrnslve cul
tivation. Irrigation will Inevitably take Its pUce
a* an important agency In the agricultural and
horticultural portions of the Eastern hair of
the United States.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, October 2.
Advocate the Buying and
Installing of Machinery
in the Municipal Plant
Trip to Mare Island Is
; - Arranged in Order to Raise
Money for Parochial School
It is claimed by the officials of the
railway, of which O. A. Hale is presi
dent, that right of way had been se
cured from Campbell, paralleling the
Southern Paclfit; tracks to Almaden. A
dispute arose with one of the owners,
who, 'It is said, went back on his
agreement. As & result the gang was
sent to lay the tracks before it will
be possible for the owner to procure
a writ of injunction. The newly laid
rflils will be carefully guarded to-day.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 2. — A bold move
was made by the San Jose and Los
Gatos Railway Company last night,
when a gang of 4 00 men was put to
work to lay a mile or track through
a prune and peach orchard located be
tween Campbells and Almaden. The
train bearing the men left San Fran
cisco early last night. Besides the
workmen there was also a plentiful
supply of ties, rails and other material
necessary for the laying of a track.
At about 11 o'clock active operations
were begun and it is expected that by
morning the track will be laid. A
gang of men with axes first started In
and in a few moments had cut a wide
swath through the orchard. Prune
and peach trees fell right and left and
were hurled aside like so much brush.
The party was well organized and one
gang of men followed .closely on the
heels of another, rapidly completing
the work of destruction arid construc
tion.
Iludical 3fciwures Arc Adopted by
the San Jose nnri Lob Gatos
Railway Company.
The Rev. C. M. Hill will preach for a
month at the Tenth-avenue Baptist
Church pending the arrival of the Rev.
H. L. Boardman, D. D., his successor. •
The Rev. Sidney L. Gulick of Matsa
yuma, Japan, gave a discourse this
evening at the First Baptist Church on
"The Russo-Japanese War and Its Ef
fect on Japan."
The Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor of
the First Congregational Church, has
gone to Iowa to attend the meetings
of the American board at Grinnell and
the national council at Des Moines. The
Rev. C. A. Dickinson of Boston will
supply the pulpit during Dr. Brown's
absence.
The Rev. Robert J. Renison. curate
of St. Paul's Episcopal Church, has
taken charge of the religious* work , at
the. Chapel of the Good Samaritan' in
connection with his other duties.
The Rev. J. C. Bolster began his pas
toral work to-day at the Chester-street
Methodist Church.
* +
HASTILY IjAY HAILS
OX DISPUTED GROUND
The Rev. Ernest B. Baker, pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church, has be»
gun a series of Sunday evening dis
courses on "Twentieth Century Young
Men."
The Plymouth-avenue Congregational
Church has discontinued services pend
ing its union with Oak Congregational
Chapel.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— The Rev. Dwight
¦£. Potter, pastor of the Union-street
Presbyterian Church, offered hia resig
nation to-day, to take effect January 1.
This was the sixth anniversary of the
young clergyman's pastorate and closes
a period of exceptional success in pul
pit and general church work. It la the
purpose of Mr. Potter to devote himself
to foreign missionary effort. He be
lieves there is a field of large useful
ness open to him, and he has volun
teered to take up the work of spreading
the gospel among the peoples of the
earth who have not been won to Chris
tianity. He expects to begin his work
in Korea. He will be under direction of
the Presbyterian Board of Foreign Mis
sions.
. Mr. Potter's pastorate In Oakland
has been marked by an enthusiastic
devotion to his sacred calling. He has
given much attention to home mission
ary work and has surrounded himBelf
with a large flock of devoted helpers.
In his new field of labor this earnest
man purposes to spend two years
abroad and then to return for a short
time to missionary work at home. Thus
he believes he will be able to keep in
touch with both departments of evan
gelizing effort.
The Rev. Hugh W. Fraser preached
a farewell sermon to-night at the
Brooklyn Presbyterian Church, the pas
torate of which he resigned to accept
a call to the First Presbyterian Church
at Vancouver, B. C. The Scottish Rite
bodies of Masons in Oakland attended
the services. Dr. Fraser being actively
identified with those organizations. The
retiring clergyman expects to depart to
morrow for Vancouver.
Scientist Says That Farmers
in Europe - Do Not De
pend on the Downfall
BAIX TOO UNCERTAIN
» ?
VOICE THEIR OPINIONS
EXCURSION ON THE BAY
Th^ young woman's body was seared
by gi^app flames, two-thirds of the
pkin surface having been irreparably
destroyed. Th*» doctors could only try
to alioviafp th.-> gUfferer'i torture. There
¦was r..» rhance of recovery.
Mrs. Petersen and her husband were
camping near Elmhuret on their way
h-'m* from Pl*»aj«anton. where they had
been sppn<1ins the summer at the hop
fic-lfls. Thp accident occurred while the
young wife was cooking the noonday
nifal on a stove outside their tent.
Crease spilled and caupht afire, the
flames striking Mrs. Petersen's apron.
Before? phe oould trar away the biasing
garment her clothes were burning:. The
fir* was not extinguished until the vic
tim had been horribly scorched.
Doctor? were called, but could be of
little service. Mrs. Peterson was taken
to the Infirmary the day of the acci
dent. Kpstrtcs her husband, she leaves
a lister. Mrs. Otto Schwartz, residing
at B35 T'tah Ftr^Pt, San Francisco. Mrs.
PclerBen was born in Germany. Her
home was at Fruitvale. Coroner Mehr
mar.n will hold an inquest.
Aft»r lingering for two weeks in ex
cruciating pain Mrs. Minnie Petersen.
23 years old. died to-day at the County
Infirmary from shock caused by 66
vrre burn? FUPtained September 19 at
Elmriurst.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1"16 Broadway, Oct. 2.
Two-Thirds of the Body Is
Scorched Beyond Becovery
in Camp Stove Accident
«
LINGERS IN MUCH PAIN
Dies From Burning Caused
by Ignition of Garments
From Flames of Grease
Dwight E. Potter
Will Become a
Missionary.
Majority of Alameda City
Trustees Oppose Project
of Purchasing Current
Professor Elwood Mead Ex
periments With Water
in the Humid Districts
Members of St. Patrick- s Par
ish Will Give Farces and
a Whist Tournament
CHURCH WORKERS
PLAN BENEFITS
SEES PROFITS
IN IRRIGATION
YOUNG WOMAN
FATALLY HURT
SUCCESSFUL PASTOR
TO LEAVE FOR KOREA
BOWERS' PLAN
NOT IN FAVOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 2.-— Th*
Brotherhood of St. Andrew In annual
convention to-day concluded Its busi
ness. In his annual charge to the con
vent'on the Right Rev. Charles 3
Brent, Bishop of the Philippines said
"What the world needs to-day la moral
soundness In society. In business and
in every department of life. Let us
only be real: no matter how simple
It la. It is bound to telL"
A public mass-meeting: was held
during the afternoon.
Bishop of the Philippines Speaka at
Closing Session of Brotherhood
of St. Andrew.
MAKES PLEA FOtt MORAL
SOUNDNESS" IN LIFE
HONOLULU— Sailed O<-t 2— Jap stmr Amer
ica Maru. for San Fraaclsco.
Arrived Sept 30— Stmr Argyll, hence S«pt 20.
ISLAND PORT.
ABERDEEN*— Arrived Oct 2— Schr Meteor
from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 2— Pchr Nokomls for San Pedro
DOMESTIC PORT.
ARRIVED.
_ . . . „ Sunday. Oct. 2
Stmr Gualala. Kalnln. 23 hours from West-
Port. . ,
Stmr Maggie, Eagles. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
James K and Sarah I Harison (wife) to
D. O. Hay, lot on S line of Blake street. 274
E of Shattuck avenue. E 50 by S 135. lot .'»,
Steele Tract, portion of plat 69. Berkeley; $10.
Annie K. and William Sharwood to Roxana
L. Whfaton. lot on N line of Durant avenue,
170 W of Kulton street. W 40 by N 130. lot
10, map block 14. College Homestead Tract.
Berkeley; $1O.
Andrew Knudsen t widower) to Joseph Wil
liam' Roe, lot on N line of 8tart street. 25»:3
E of Fulton street. E 45 by N 134:8. portion
of lots 17 and 17. block C. map 8 portion
Blake estate, plat 69. V. and D. Pera'.ta Pe
ralto Ranch©. Berkeley; $10.
Olivia White et al. to Edward and Sofia
Lind «wife). lot on S line, of Irving' street. «l
W of Lowell. W 60 by 8 10©, lota 44 and 45.
map plat 5 and portion plat 6, Dohr Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Olivia Whits (guardian estate Anchor and
Henry Bastrup. minors) to same, same, a
one- fourteenth interest belonging to each of
said minors. Berkeley: $110.
Honora Bentley (Townaend) to Margaret and
David Mitchell (as tenant* in common), lot on
N line of University avenue. 75 W of Sixth
street. W 25 by N 100. block 80, Slsterna Tract
Berkeley: $10; also lot en E line of Ninth
street. 471.79 S of Channing- way. E 13t> S
5».C*S. W 13<> more or less to NE line of Ninth
strest. — C2.02 to beginning, lot 20. block 1.T7.
corrected map Avery Tract and all lot 4. block
137. Haft Tract. Berkeley; also lot on W line of
Sixth street, 180 — from 8 line of Addtson W
13'J by S 61. portion lot 8 and all of lot 0. SI»
tfrna Tract. Berkeley; also lot on E Una of
Fifth street. 200 S of Addlson. thence along FJ
line of Fifth street 41. E HO. N 41. W'Hf>,
portion lot 22. block lt#>. same map, Berkeley;
also lot on E line of Fifth street distant there
on 1M> feet, thence s» along E line of Fifth
street 67. E 14O. J* 67. W 14<\ lot 24 uid por
tion cf lot 2.1. same map. Berkeley (deed marts
to correct error In description 050 D. 332; $10
Walter A. and A. L. Heaver (wife) (by J.
McMullen and W. C. Moody, trustees) tr» Stat*
Savings Bank. D21 V. 43. entire block 62. San
Antonio. East Oakland, trustee deed: $2300.
Q Jorge. Jennie A. and Florence Whlttell to
Herman F. Dexter, lot on N line of Santa
Clara avenue. 6O E from — Paru street. E 7 by
N 110. Alameda. quitcl.itm deed; $1.
Oliver A. and Kate A. Marker to Aurella
Husted, lot on S line of Thirty-sixth «tr»et, e*4
W of Telegraph avenue, W 40 by S 113:114.
lot •-', map A. portion estate of A. C. Brown.
Oakland; $\<>.
F. T. and Alma M. Porter (wife) to J. A.
Parker, lot on S line of Eighth street, 637:8 B
of Center. E 60. B 120, W 35. 8 81, W 4. N 82,
E 30, N 120, block 632. Boaxdman's map, Oak
land; $10.
Kmll i and Amada Pfankuehen to Carotin*
Kuhn (widow) lot on E Un« of West street, 25
S of Twentieth, S 25 by E 68. portion lot 4.
block Q. Barnes Tract. Oakland; $10.
George W. KalUtrom (single) to Lillian
Meyer, lot en N line of Eighth street. 91 E of
Wtllow. E 2», N ISli W 30:2. 3 »6:9, lot H.
block esti. Casenrly Tract at point. Oakland,
and property out of county: gift.
J. H. T. and Henrietta Watkinson (by Rich
ard J. Montgomery, attorney) to Barney Judge,
lot 20. block B. map Central Oakland No. 2.
Oakland; $ir>.
Henry Rogers (trustee of trust created by
Catherine M. Garcelon) to Union Trust Com
pany of San Francisco, trustees), same ten
pieces as in second description In decree au
thorizing conveyance in action 92,204. Henry
Rogers (trustee) ts. president and trustees of
iBowdoin College et al., transcript 4155, Sep
tember a, 1WM Oakland: $ .
Savings and Loan Society to E. A. Hernn,
NE 20 feet of lot 30. all of lota 31 and 32. 8W
10 fett of lot 33, block B. map of Thermal Hill.
formerly Howe tract (recorded September 30.
1904). Oakland; $63.
David E. Ro»Un» (single) t» Heron-Holcomb
Company (corporation), tot at Intersection ef E
line of Broadway with N line of plat 10. S
107:12, E 163.7*. N 103.16. W 17.82 and W
112.00 of lota 14 and 16. map of plat 10. por
tion of Hitchcock tract, Oakland: $10.
A. P. or Alfred P. Raye to John W. DoubJt
day. lot on S line of Lincoln street. 83:« W of
Wood. W 25 by S 135. being W 2:6 feet of lot
11. and E 22:* f«et of lot 10. plat of block
402, Oakland Point. Oakland: $10.
J. J. or John J. Montgomery t> Richard J.
Montgomery (single), lot on E line of Grovw
street. 60 S of Forty-third, S 50 by\ E 90. lot
1. and portion of lot 2, block 2001. mas of
Central Oakland tract, Oakland: $10.
F>. Edward and Emma M. Collins to Real
Estate Security Company, lot 25 feet on Web
itter street by 125 on John, being lot 6. block
t>, Howe tract. Oakland: *10.
Bryan J. Klllilea (single) to samis lot on O
corner of East Nineteenth and Eighth ave
nue, NE 25O, HE 130, NE 50, SB 170. 8\V 3W>.
NW SOO. block 119. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Jameti T. and Maggie T. Landregan to Mar
garet E. VVyman. lots 2, 3, 4. block 14. map of.
Landregan tract, quitclaim deed, Oakland
Township; $10.
Lucinda McCourt (Brown) to Elizabeth Mac-
Donald (wire of A.), lot on W Una of Shattuck.
avenue, 100 N of Ai»hby avenue, N lO by V7
1U0, lots * and 7. block B. map of Adeline
tract. Berkeley; $10.
Mary C. and James L,. Barker to William
Wilkinson. lot on N lin* of Dwlght way.' SO B
of Orova street. K 40. N 13S. XV 30 to point SO
E from E line of Grov« street. B 1S5, portion
of lot 23. amended map of block* 6 and 4.
Barker tract, Berkeley; $10.
Christoph H. and Hannah Runde to "Winflsll
S. Runde. lot on N Una of Francisco street. 422
W of Shattuck avenue. XV 40 by N 135. portion
of lot 21. block C, Janes tract. Berkalay; $10.
4
BBAKCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLANT>.
1010 Broadway*
Telephone Mata 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street. >
Telephone North 77.
AliAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 539.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sufferers from
DYSPEPSIA
WMMbM
u uthi,j, dlflm frwa %ta| y^ agf .
S«ld by Uatdlntf drua jiat.
•10 Princs St. N« w York.Slips on Nail and Falls Far.
BOULDER CREEK/ Oct. 2. — While
R. Cowen was crossing the San Lo
renzo River to-day on the bridge
across the old .. Grover dam below
town his foot caught. on, a propecting
nail and he fell off the bridge onto the
recks below, a :. distance * of- forty, feet.
He sustained - 1 serious Injuries.
Baggage transferred to. and from all trains,
steamers. «tc, at • low rates. One trunk (•In
gle trip) 35 cents; round trip CO cents. Morton
Kpedai Delivery, 308 -Taylor St.* 650 Market
St.. Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 4fi»
Notice to Passengers.
The Golden Gate Social and Literary
Society, will give its first entertainment
and dance next Sunday evening at
Golden Gate Hall, 667 Sutter street. A
programme of professional talent has
been arranged. Those in charge will
make this, affair a success. The com
mittee consists of Louis Kornfield, Ab
raham Snide, Flshel Zucker, Rfax Alen
delson, Oliver Goldblatt.
A society known as "To Kalon" has
recently been organized under, .the au
spices of the ladies of Cavalry Pres
byterian Church with a view to encour
aging the study of art, literature and
music. Meetings are to be held in the
church' parlors on the first Tuesday of
CLUB PARTIES.
BOULDER CREEK, Oct. 2. — The
read through the burned district to
the California State Park is again open
to travel. Park Commissioner Kenna
from San Jose, with a party of twenty,
left here this morning for the park on
a. tour of inspection. Workmen are
rapidly putting the road in a safe con
dition for tourists. Warden Pilkington
came out Friday and reports that the
danger from falling: trees is past and
the park is now open to the public.
State Park Open to Travel.
Mr. and Mrs. Sigmund Stern, Mr. and
Mrs. Mathias Meyer, Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel Rosenheim, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Stern, Rev. Dr. B. M. Kaplan.
Mr. and Mrs. j J. M. • Strauss, Mr. and
Mrs. N. Stern, Mr. and Mrs. S. Roths
child, Mr. and Mrs. J_ Clark, Adolph
Stern, S. Selling, MrsrS. Adler, Miss
Tillie Adler, Adolph Fisher, A. Meyer,
S. Schwartz, Miss Pearl Schwartz, Mrs.
Charles H. Vescillus, Mrs. P. Heller,
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur C. Raas, Miss
Hannah Adler Stern, Miss Irma Ber
man, Alexis Leo- Meyer, Miss Sadie
Rothschild, Samuel Stern, Miss Helen
Stern, Master Robert Heller and Mas
ter Willie Rothschild.
A piano recital was given by the pu-
I'ils of Miss Aimee Harris at her home,
4158, Twenty-fifth street, on the even-;
ing of September 14. Those who took
part ' were: Arthur Sandall, Inez
Tesche, Josephine Sullivan, Laura
Clarke, Gussie Fulton, Constance Rus
sell, Alda Wallen, Maude Thompson,
George Hulten, Viola Stuart, Miss Ai
mee Harris," Elsie' Messerschmidt, Har
ry Zammit. Edna' NelBon,' Hazel Malde,
Ingeborg Olsen, Myrtle Axford.
The twenty-fifth anniversary of the
marriage of Mr. and Mrs. Sigmund
Stern, celebrated at their residence,
568 Church street, last Sunday even
ing, proved a very enjoyable affair.
The rooms looked exceedingly tasteful
in their adornment of flowers and ever
greens and the long tables upon which
supper was served also presented a
pretty sight. An interesting feature
was the many toasts given and the
receipt of several telegrams to the
happy couple. Dancing was continued
until a late hour. The following were
present:
Mr. and Mrs. W..R. Pitt gave a pleas
ant party at their home last. Friday
evening. Songs, recitations and games
filled out the hours until midnight.
Those present were: Martha Syming
ton, Thomas O'CJorinor, Laura Cogill,
Robert Davis, Annie Merritt, Robert
Hodgetts, Florence Buford, George H.
Pitt, Myrtle Lestrange, Arthur F.
Sheppard, Bernice Lestrange, and Mr.
and Mrs. William R. Pitt.
Mr. and Mrs. Aaron Goldstein will
celebrate their fifth wedding anniver
sary on October 2, at their home, 1033
Howard street.
Dr. and Mrs. J. M. Fox celebrated
their second wedding anniversary last
Friday evening. Mrs. Fox, who was
Miss Alice Kellar, entertained the
guests 'with a programme of vocal and
banjo compositions, she being accom
plished in both these branches, having
been a professional before her marriage.
About sixty friends were present, and
the evening, in addition to the music,
was enjoyably spent . in games, after
which came an inviting supper.
HOME PARTIES.
Full particulars and folder showing
the route may be had at 641 Market
street. Santa. Fe office. Sleeping car res
ervations should be made at once. •
Rates for the excursion are to St.
Louis and back, J67 50; to Chicago and
back, J72 50; New York and back.
$10S 50; Boston and back, $109 50.
Have you «ver traveled In the personal
care of an experienced railroad man. en-
Joytag a Journey free from worry, where
eJl the troubles are taken care of la ad
vance by him and you have only to buy
your ticket and eo?
On October 4 another of the popular
Santa. Fe personally conducted parties
¦will leave San Francisco for St. Louis
and Eastern points. The Grand Canyon
of Arizona may be visited en routes — that
greatest of all the wonderful eig-hts in
America. Return may be had by an
other vray If desired. Either tourist or
standard sleeping-car berths may be ta
ken. Mr. Otto Ludwlg Zeus of the Santa
Fe, who will have charge of the party,
will see that this is made an exception
ally delightful trip. It is a chance to
visit the Worlds Fair under the best
auspices.
Personally Conducted Party for St.
Louis and the World's Fair.
EAST ST. LOUIS, 111., Oct. 2.—Au
g^ist Lutlcen, a fish and game mer
chant, was notified to-day that Cap
tain E. W. Watkins, who died In Liver
pool, England, two years ago, had left
him a bequest of $25,000. When 17
years old Lutken was a sailor on a
ship commanded by Captain Watkins.
During a storm off Cape Horn eighteen
years ago Watkins was being: carried
overboard by a great wave, when Lut
ken saved him.
News of the bequest was brought to
Lutken by Charles Nelson, who was
the first mate of the vessel. For two
years efforts had been made to find
Lutken.
Illinois Merchant Ix*ft Big Sum by
Sea Captain, Whose Life
He Saved.
RICH REWARD FOR HIS
HEROISM OF YEARS AGO
each month, from 3 to 5 o'clock, when
an Interesting programme will be ren
dered.
To Kalon was formed with over one
hundred charter members, and, as ex
cellent talent has been secured and
very interesting programmes are prom
ised for the coming winter, it is hoped
to increase the list of members. Mem
bership is not confined to the ladies of
Calvary Church.
The programme for the next meet
ing, Tuesday, October 4, will be a mu
sical one, under the supervision of Mrs.
Mariner-Campbell.
Officers of the board: Honorary pres
ident, Mrs. John Hemphlll; honorary
member, Rev. John Hemphill, D. D.;
president, Mrs. H. P. Pinney; vice
presidents — Mrs. A. K. 'Durbrow, Mrs.
David Horsburgh, Mrs. Frank D.
Bates; treasurer, Mrs. E. E. Williams;
recording secretary, Mrs. M. D. How
ard; corresponding secretary, Miss Car
rie L. Morton; business secretary, Miss
Henrietta M. Dodge; advisory board-
Mrs. F. W. Thompson, Mrs. W. O. Mil
ler, Mrs. W. T. Perkins, Mrs. George
A. Mullin, Mrs. H. L. Van Winkle, Mrs.
H. J. Summerhays.
The Uno Club gave a dance last Fri
day evening at Cotillon Hall. The club,
which • is composed of the following
members, was most successful in mak
ing the affair enjoyable: Arthur Thode.
R. Wood, Henry Joost, Lorenz Hansen,
William Nienburg, Fred Selk, George
Besthorn, Henry Hagemann, Lloyd
Morris, Phil Vogel, C. R. Wilkes and
Ralph Bartel.
The Los Amigos Club will hold its as
semblies at Golden Gate Hall on the
evenings of November 11, December 23
and February 10.
. The Alpha Chapter of the Delta Ome
ga Delta fraternity celebrated Us first
anniversary on Saturday evening, Sep
tember 24, at the residence of Frater
Jack Partington. 1822 Fell street. 'The
rooms were tastefully, decorated with
electric lights and flowers, the frater
nity colors, red and gold, prevailing.
The invitations were in the form of a
court subpena, ordering the young la
dies to act as jurors in ascertaining
whether or not the fraternity was guilty
of having said anniversary. The toast
master, Frater Marion L. Mayers, as
mouthpiece of the Judge, after the Jury
pronounced a verdict of guilty, very
ably sentenced the fraternity to life
imprisonment in the fraternity world.
He was very well seconded by the other
members . and also by a pretty little
speech by Miss Alice Kaufman, who
answered for the ladles. The affair was
charmingly chaperoned by Miss Phyllis
Partington. Among those present were
Misses Ino Gedge, Clemense Marx,
Julie Calio, Clarice Calio, Phyllis Part
ington, Lillian Hyman, Anna Lebrecht,
Amy Cohn. and Alice Kaufman, and
Fraters Leon S. Blackman, Imar Frank,
Ellis M. Hartman, Marion L. Mayers,
Norton B. Mayers, Leopold Oppenheim
er, Walter S. Newbauer, Jack Parting
ton and Sydney L. Schmitt.
Miss Lottie Gerberick of Topeka and
Solomon A. Joseph of 629 Octavia street
will be married in i Kansas City by
Rabbi Harry H. Myers on October 5.
Miss Norma -Richards, of San Fran
cisco and .AI. Averill of Los Gatos
were married last week. Mr. and Mrs.
Averill will make their home-in Los
Gatos.
ENGAGEMENTS AND WEDDINGS.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Weil announce
the engagement of their daughter Octa
via to William Rosenthal, 1814 Pine
street.
Miss Rebecca Evelyn Cohn and Dan
iel Clarke Simpson were married on the
evening of September 25 at a downtown
restaurant. Miss Cohn, who has been
attending the Berkeley University, is a
daughter of Mrs. I. Cohn of Nevada.
The bride was attended by Miss Inez de
Faueompre, and Walter A. Scheffauer
was groomsman. Mr. and Mrs. Simp
son are at present In St. Louis en route
to Europe. They will reside in Nevada.
The wedding of Miss Cora I. McLaren
and Wilfred T. Gurney took place on
September 26 at the bride's home, 511
Broderick street. The occasion was a
quiet one, with only relatives and fam
ily friends present. Miss Mamie Car
roll was maid of honor and Roy Gurney
was groomsman. The house was pret
tily adorned with ferns. A wedding sup
per was served, during which many
pleasant remarks and good wishes were
offered. Mr. and Mrs. Gurney will re
side in Tuolumne City, where he is en
gaged in business.
Miss Edna M. Ansell and Louis A.
Colton were married at the home of
the bride, 1035 Page street, on Septem
ber 25. Rev. M. S. Levy performed
the ceremony. The bride was gowned
in chiffon and lace, while the maid of
honor, Miss Pauline Olcovich, wore
white silk. Green was the predomin
ating color in decorations, one pretty
feature being a floral marriage bell.
Mr. and Mrs. Colton are south on their
wedding trip.
ADAMS. Mass.. Oct. 2. — While Right
Rev. Thomas D. Beauen, Roman Cath
olic Bishop of Springfield, was laying
the cornerstone of St. Stanislaus Polish
Church here this afternoon a floor col
lapsed, precipitating 150 persons into
the basement. A dozen persons were
Injured. several seriously. Bishop
Beauen and several priests assisting
him were slightly hurt.
The siost seriously Injured: Grodek
Mischleski, aged 16 years, critical; Miss
Belle Turner, legs fractured; Rev. L. O.
Triggane, injured on head and face;
Rev. I. T. Rodier, contusions; Rev. M.
F. Kopytkiewcz, legs Injured, contu
sions on forehead; Mrs. Michael Mc-
Andres, leg fractured; Right Rev.
Tbomas D. Beauen, bruised slightly
about hands and body; Alexander Le
stock. Injured about head. Several oth
ers were also slightly hurt.
Some 7000 persons attended the cere
mony and about 200 were seated or
standing on the floor, which covered
the newly made basement. Just as the
Bishop was a.bout to lay the stone a
eection of the flooring about forty feet
square collapsed, dropping twelve feet
and carrying with it the Bishop, the
clergy and about 140 others. In the con
fusion that followed .many were tram
pled upon and half-suffocated.
Bishop Beauen was caught in the
crush, but was able to save himself
from serious injury. He was bruised
about the body and had his hands
scratched.
These are among the conditions which we
are called upon to face — not to wring our
hands and bemoan in perplexity the hurrying
age, but to go forth unflinchingly like tht
Israelite host of God.
¦ m ¦
Money may talk, but most people
have a hard time getting enough of It
together to start a conversation.
In no surroundings which I have ever known;
in no city which I have ever s*en in any of the
world's continents, have life's activities seemed
to whirl and buzz so restlessly aa here. The
output of human energy is at the full. The
man who comes hither irom quieter, older, per
haps sleepier, regions, is apt to be a little be
wildered, a little dazed, even, while he won
ders and admires. And then this thought comes.
How easily in all the tossing of these rapids
m.ust the weaker tsort of folk be submerged
and go out of sight and out of thought. ¦
We know bo much about all that is going on
that we come to care less. Nothing happens
anywhere but some hurried account must, in
an hour or two, be sped throughout the workl.
The account may be inaccurate — half fact, half
guess, but go it must, or another will be be
lore it. - .';
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Trinity Church,
rich in historical associations and one
of the landmarks of New York, had an
event of interest to add to its chroni
cles to-day when his Grace the Arch
bishop of Canterbury and the highest
dignitary in the church of Great Brit
ain preached within its walls. The,
edifice was Jammed and thousands
were turned away. The Archbishop, in
his sermon, said: -
* • * .
The Contemporary Club, Mrs. C. H.
Ward president, held Its meeting last
Monday afternoon in Utopia Hall. For
Its headline attraction a paper was pre
sented by Mrs. S. M. Malloye, who
spoke of San Francisco's progress
from 1848 to the present day. Mrs.
Malloye went into much detail and
encompassed many phases of the rapid
development, referring In terms of
high praise to the men. who had
wrought the wondrous evolution. ;. ¦¦'..,
Professor- Mead of Berkeley will
On Monday, October 10, the P. C. W.
Press Association— very much alive
after the terrific onslaughts of two
of its members and their legal
champion — will hold its annual elec
tion. And unless all signs fail the elec
tion will call out the scribblers and
their friends in larger numbers than
for many years. % ; c .
Then on Tuesday, at the California
Hotel, the annual breakfast will be held
— Mrs. Abbie C. Krebs the toastmls
tress. Now, from vagrant whisperings,
'tis a safe wager that the toasts will be
worth while, since five minutes is the
time limit Bravo! Any old cynic can
stand five minutes — even if it be a bore.
But bores in the P. C. W. Press Asso
ciation? Never. If ever there were
any, they seem to have dropped out.
Tea brewed after the Forum formula
stimulated a busy chatter— your par
don, ladies— for a pleasant hour. On
Wednesday next Mrs. Charles Goodall
will see that the ladies hear all about
the exposition— and undoubtedly the se
ductive, alluring Pike.
This closed the solo work and Mme.
Seminario conluded the programme
with the "Stabat Mater," assisted by a
chorus of mixed voices. The Forum
Club, which holds high rank for Intel
lectual activities, is as well a patron of
the artistry of life.
"Give to the Winds Thy Fears,"
Mrs. Marguerite Blaisdell; "He Is Thy
Lord," Oeorse R. Bird; "We Bring No
Glittering Treasures," duet, Mrs. Blaisdell and
L. E. lloberts; "Song of War," George K.
Bird: "Sstrvnacle.' 1 Mme. Seminario; "A Night
in the Wood." (violin obllRato), "Summer
Song' (viclin obligate). Mrs. Lillian Merrihc-w
Pearcc, ahsiatcd by Miss Isabel Seal.
The course comprises ten lectures,
and at a cost of $2 50, beginning
Wednesday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
They will embrace live topics, with
which every intelligent member of
society should be on speaking terms.
In the language of the announcement,
they will embrace American and for
eign political changes, economic ques
tions and social matters of moment,
the proceedings of Congress, reports
on Inventions and the discoveries of
science, reviews of notable books, run
ning comments of a literary character
and short selected readings, poems,
etc. A partial digest of some of these
affairs would give us something else
to talk about besides dress, diseases
and domestics.
Wednesday at 10:30 a. m. — First
Unitarian parlors. The Forum Club,
Mrs. Frank Fredericks, president, host
—or is the hostess? — at a musicale
given by the Howe Club, last Wednes
day afternoon. James Hamilton Howe,
one of the pioneer musicians of this
Western burg, both in technical
knowledge ,and experience, directed
the programme which proved to be a
source of joy.
Mme. Tdade Seminario sang Meyer
beer's "Prayer" and barcarolle from
"Star of the North"— dramatically clas
sic, and well suited to Mme. Semina
rio's compass and quality. The follow
ing compositions were all Howe lyrics,
and were interpreted by the following
singers:
Those Charming Auxiliary- lectures
at the First Unitarian Church par
lors by Mrs. Louise Benson promise
much to the appreciated folk who will
hear them — a privilege that every
able-bodied and able-minded woman
of leisure should accept — and forth
with.
And, says Dr. Moore's booklet, "the
work stands in need of an enlightened
public opinion."
Men and women of San Francisco,
are you willing to give this splendid
work your moral support? Men of
San Francisco, are you willing to sup
port measures at the polls for the
furtherance of this civic and Christian
duty?
At a decade's end. the seeds sown in
the California Club three years ago
will bear golden fruit, and our city
will be cleaner, happier and infinitely
safer for you and me.
It needs stronger laws concerning
child labor, and the enforcement of
those now lying inert on the statute
books.
Among the list of crimes charged to
these children axe grand larceny, petty
larceny, battery, malicious mischief,
vagrancy, manslaughter, drunkenness,
violation of 8 o'clock ordinance, build
ing • fires In public places, burglary,
shooting craps, robbery, playing ball In
streets, truancy and obstructing street
cars.
Of these 1282 cases tried by Judge
Murasky— and blessings on him for his
humane care! — 843 were discharged, 41
returned to parents, 274 committed to
institutions and 122 placed on probation
— the latter reporting to the Judge at
regular intervals and to the probation
officers. Miss Londa L. Stebbins and
William H. Hutton.
Now, this court for the salvation of
children needs the strict enforcement
of the compulsory education law, with
its parental school and its detention
home as auxiliaries.
Should the California Club be sud
denly haled before St. Peter for an ac
counting of its deeds— and dare I say
Its misdeeds?— the part it has played in
behalf of children would draw from the
astute guardian of the keys a benison.
For it was In the California Club that
the seeds of the Juvenile court were
first sown, and that institution is prov
ing more effective In the saving of
erring or mismanaged children than all
the churches and Sabbath-schools in
the city. And this is no idle assertion,
but borne out by facts, many of which
are given publicity in a booklet com
piled by Dr. Dorothea Moore, chairman
of the California Club section of the
Juvenile court commission.
Between May 8, 1903, and June 17,
1904, 12S2 boy and girl offenders have
been under arrest. Under the old con
ditions these erring children would have
been huddled into cells with adult of
fenders marked by physical and moral
filth. Under the new law they were
placed apart and were visited by the
probation officers, who looked into the
conditions that led to their troubles.
And it's not uninteresting to learn that
stepmothers stand at the head of the
list of causes, with stepfathers a close
second. When the father is dead—phy
sically or morally— and the mother the
wage-earner, is another prolific cause,
with drunkenness circling somewhere
about most cases.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
The ball of festivity, set in motion
during the last fortnight, \ is steadily
gaining in speed. Urged here and. there
by the impatient, soon the momentum
will be such as to brook no interference
until the Lenten days shoot forth their
shadows — not of sadness, but of serious
ness. Till then the prospect pleases. A
few wanderers are lingering, but more
are home-coming, while the marriages
promised are so numerous that we shall
be regaled with a veritable set of wed
ding chimes between now and holiday
time. So the schedule speaks, and in
the meantime there are raiments of
glorious' and varied hue 1 ready to burst
forth when cause demands.
Basement Covering Drops
and Precipitates Scores of
People Into the Cellar
TALKS OF BUSY LIFE
Points Out How Weaker Folk
Must Be Sulmiergofl in the
Hurry of Our Existence
CLERGYMEN ARE HURT
Society Awakens
from Its Sum
mer Siesta.
Spectators at the Laying
of Polish Church Corner
stone Victims of Disaster
Primate of Great Britain
Occupies the Pulpit at
Trinity Church. New York
Now that the winter season has
opened there*, is much activity at the
Jefferson Square Club, and several high
alley scores have been made by both
men and women. Mrs. May Lee sur
prised the members the other day by
making a score of 243. and Fred Kro
nenberg showed his skill by making a
record of 279. A series of handsome
prjzas have been placed on exhibition
to oe offered during the month of Octo
ber for the highest scores and the best
average scores made in thirty frames.
The fact of these prizes being offered
has already created considerable inter
est among the members, and they are
now practicing with a vim in order to
get In trim for competing for these tro
phies. ' Bowling in the East has for
some time past proven itself to be the
most popular of sports, and it- Is being
taken up with avidity, in San Francis
co. The management of the club has
added four additional bowling alleys,
making twelve in alL' A' number of pri
vate clubs have v been formed, and the
management will during the coming
season have six alleys which can be re
served for orivate clubs. This will be
very agreeable to a great many, , who
last season, could not reserve alleys on
account of the limited number.
A mighty interesting convention will
be that of the suffragists on the 6th and
7th in the southland. And who knows
what may be the outgrowth of this ag
gregation of intelligent women seeking
their rights? With President Roosevelt
as a strong ally their cause looks bright
—another Rooseveltian sin, say his an
tagonists, but the wome:i of the na
tion acclaim it his highest virtue. The
Susan B. Anthony Club at its last
meeting elected the following delegates
to the convention: Mrs. Nellie Hol
brook-Blinn. Mrs. Clara Foltz. Mrs. E.
J. Northon, Mrs. N. Fletcher, Mrs. Aus
tin Sperry, Mrs. G. W. Pringle, Mrs.
Ellen C. Sargent. Mrs. Isabel Baldwin,
Mrs. Margaret Simpson, Mrs. Martel,
Mrs. Mary S. Keene, Dr. Avery, Mrs.
Sara Gamble, Mrs. Andrews, Mrs. Dun
nells, Miss Edith Buckingham, Mrs. E.
J. Foster and Mrs. Florence Kendall.
The Forty-first- District Political
Equality Club, Dr. Minora Kibbe pres
ident, held a vigorous meeting on
Thursday afternoon at Dr. Kibbe's
residence.
Delegates to the California Equal
Suffrage Convention, to be held at Los
Angeles on the 6th and 7th, were bal
loted for and Mrs. Lillian Coffin, Mrs.
Margaret Wheelan and Mrs. Claire O.
Southard were fleeted. During the
meeting a letter was read from Mrs.
Bidwell of Chico. asking that the ladies
interest themselves in the matter of
shade protection along country roads,
directing attention to the fact that
beautiful trees are ruthlessly sacrificed
in the building of new roads. These,
if left undisturbed, would yield shel
ter and comfort to man and beast
Capital idea!
The Papyrus Club, Mrs. S. Mason
Kinne president, begins its club year
with its usual ebullition of good fel
lowship — of which there is a woeful
dearth among women — taken collect
ively.
The club held its first social meet
ing of the year on September 22 at its
clubrooms, Utopia Hall. It is the in
tention to use no talent this year that
is not supplied" by club members, ex
cepting possibly some charming gentle
men who may be good enough to give
their services. The entertainment com
mittee has been enlarged and divided
into three sections, musical (chairman
Miss Ella V. McCloskey), operatic
(chairman Mme. Caro Roma) and dra
matic (chairman Jenne Morrow-Long).
There has also been a committee ap
pointed on humor and humorists, Mrs.
Kathryn Boyns chairman. The pro
gramme was under the charge of Mrs.
W. W. Briggs and consisted of the fol
lowing: Two violin selections by Miss
Anna Hadsell, contralto solo by Mrs.
Blanche King Arnold, a bass solo by
Carl Bundschu, two soprano solos by
Mrs. W. W. Briggs, Miss Helen Earl
Millberry, the Papyrus Club accom
panist, at the piano, and a most de
lightful rendition of "Aux Italians" by
Jenne Morrow-Long. The members re
turned from their vacation with many
new and bright stories, which were ex
ceedingly enjoyed. The club entertained
as its guest Mrs. E. L. Pilsbury, wife
of E. L. Pilsbury of Massachusetts,
grand guardian of the Sovereign Grand
Lodge of the I. O. O. F. Mrs. Pilsbury
is a member of a Boston club and is a
musician of high standing, having sung
for a number of years with Madame
Emma Eames in a church choir. A
delightful afternoon was spent after
the programme in chatting with the
guest of the day — and with each other
— while partaking of light refresh
ments. The lack of formality and the
prevailing "bonhomie" in the club is
its distinctive fpature.
At the meeting of the Outdoor Art
League on Thursday last it wes decided
to give an entertainment on October
17, the proceeds to be devoted to the
work of the league in furthering sev
eral important municipal improvements
and other projects of city and State
interest. One of the chief objects in
view is a renewal of the attempt to
improve Telegraph Hill by the issuance
of municipal bonds. The contest for
the preservation of tne Calaveras big
trees will also be renewed as soon as
Congress convenes, and for these pur
poses there will necessarily be some ex
pense. The Majestic Theater has agreed
to give the league a liberal percentage
of the receipts on the date selected. The
play will be "The American Citizen."
Educational leaflets on window garden
ing will also be printed for general dis
distribution.
speak on irrigation at the Contem
porary's meeting next meeting.
Inasmuch as fullv a dozen members,
stanSh and true, were present at last
Wednesday's meeting, wouldn't it be
well for the members "to hustle a lit
tle" and present a worthy .showing,
when a busy man like Professor Mead
takes time to talk to them? And it
won't be a dry talk.
The Laurel Hall Club has been hug
ging itself since its last meeting — and
Fmall wonder— for on that day was it
treated to a feast histrionic.
The programme announced various
readings by Mrs. Newton J. Tharo and
some illustrative dances bv Miss
Jean Logan.
If there was a vagrant thought in
the clubroom during /Mrs. Tharp's
readings, no face betrayed it. Simple,
coy and winsome in "Jennie" she was
strong, convincing and appealing in
the court scene of Richard VIII— a
part, by the way, prepared for the tal
ented little woman by Professor Walter
Bradley Tripp of Boston.
Then, Jean Logan, exponent of
artistry in posing and dancing, gowned
first as Gretchen and then as a Greek
maiden, presented some exquisite
dances, and with recitative accompani
ments.
And thus over the teacups was there
much of beauty to. discuss.
Laws Relating to
Chifd Labor Are
Necessary.
FALLING FLOOR
INJURES MANY
CALIFORNIA CLUB DEMONSTRATES
EFFICACY OF JUVENILE COURT
THRONG HEARS
CANTERBURY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3. 190*.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of (~&L/Z^y% /&&/UA/Z
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COMFAKT.
GROCERS.
110 Fourth St. Tel. Howard 1986
Our constant Increasing trade is the
best evidence that our goods and prices
please. We offer this week some spe-
cials. We suggest It would be woll for
you to order what you may need. Prompt
deliverv assured.
•
Salad Oil, (inart bottle 15c
Keg. 2oc
1-lb. tin Plaseman's Jfew Tori Fancy
Water "Wafer*, while they last 10c
Reg. SOc.
8 lb*. Good Japan Sice 25o
Others Fell It at 0c lb.
EO-lb. sack Dairy s&lt $ 20c
Rpk. SOc sack.
Best Sasrsr Corel Kami, per Ib....l3?&c
R"g. 15c.
Poatum Cereal, per package 20c
Rf g. 25c. f
Grepe Huts, 1 packages 25c
Reg. 15c package.
Good Creamery Butter, per square, regu-
lar size 30o,
Reg. 40c square.
Snider's Catsup, per bottle.. 20c
Reg. 25c.
18 lb«. Granulated Sng-ar, best cane, with
orders $1.00
ZO-lb. Sack Corn Meal 25c
Choice Eng-lizh Breakfast Tea,' per lb..25o
Reg. 40c
Seeded Raising, per package 5c
2 packages H. O. Mush 25 C
Rep. 2 5c package.
California Poll Cream Cheese, while they
last, rer lb. xoc
Hepr. 20c li>. Toutib America's average
weight is about 7 lbs.
Call Coupons tor Maple Syrup Redeemed
at Our Store.
110 Fourth St.. bet. Mission and Howard.
Always Beznember the rail Same
f axative f%romo
Ceres a Cold in One Day. Cri&fn 2 Days
*£/» >y J^yrzrzr^^ box. 25c
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
One-Third Off on Regal Instruments. -
>£ AMUSEMENTS.
SwaggerVaudeville
Pellx and Barry; Mme. Avery Strakosch;
Eoey and Lee; Ted £. Sox; T. Tro-
vollo; Kennedy and Beynoldi; Two
Packs; Orphenm Motion Pictures,
Showing: "Indians and Cowtooy*," and
URBANIAND SON.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thursday,
Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c, 25c and 50c.
tf— CALIFORNIA —^
Greatest musical comedy hit in years |
— Hundreds turned away— The talk of B
the town. H
The I
Tenderfoot
With PHILIP H. RYL.EY and the big
New York Company of sixty.
Don't miss hearing- the sons hits:
MT ALAMO LOVE.
THE TORTUItED THOMAS CAT.
Buy your tickets b?fore it is too late.
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT ! w^'fy TO-NIGHT!
OLIVER MOROSCO offers the only stock pro-
duction ever given to the play made
famous by Stuart Rpbson,
"THE HENRIETTA"
NIGHT PRICES— 25c. 33c. SOc.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
Sunday. Oct. 0— THE JAPANESE NIGHTIN*-
GALE.
0P[Ri||YHljHOllSF.
THIRD WEEK
Of the Great Comic Opera Triumph
STHE mb
MATINEE SATURDAY. 533
Same prices — 25c. SOc. 75c
In Preparation
DER RAS?£LBINDER
(The Mouse Trap k Peddler.) > '?¦ .'[
v
THE ACME OP BUIILESQUE TO-NIGHT.
AN EVENT.
First Production of
DOWN
THE LINE
By HOWARD JACOTT.
Superlatively funny, magnificently staged.
elegantly costumed, powerful buslesque cast,
superb chorus.
30 ACTUAL SURPRISES.
Secure seats at once.
LYRIC HALL
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
Matinee Wednesday at c :30— -Saturday at 3
THE BEN GREET PLAYERS
The Original London Company and Production.
Reserved Seats — Si 50 $1 and 75c.
EVERYMAN
NFYT WFFlf Mon - TuM - and Wed - evsl
nCAl n CCA * wed. and Sat. Matinees.
MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING.,
Thurs.. FrL. Sat. Evs.; Special Frl. Matinee.
TWELFTH NIGHT.
Seats Ready Wed., at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
JAMES ANDlONNIE FARLEY
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDB ON THE
MIN1ATUBE EX.ECTBIC F-AILEOAD.
SEVEN BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET.DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic; Symphony Orchestrion.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN .6c
When Phoning Ask for "The ChBtes." :
WEEKLY CAXI.; ?i:00 PEB1YEAK.
AMUSEMENTS. i
f*AB BBMBIft SA!t frasciscc'3
UULUmJSIA IE« THEA.3
•nvo weeks, TO TVlV^HTT
BEGINNING I U"lllilfl 1
NiKhtly, including Sunday.
Matinee Saturday Only.
CHARLES B. DILL1NGHAM will present
FRANK
DANIELS
In the Laucblne, Musical Beauty Show,
THE OFFICE BOY
By Harry B. Smith and Ludwlg Englander.
QfUIQA at the ALHAMBRA
OUUOrt Beg. Sun., Oct. 16
ALCAZAR o< H^r
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. WEEK.
MATS. THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Evk.. l'3c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 23c to 30o
LAST THURSDAY MATINEE. OCT. «.
FIFTEENTH AND FAREWELL WEEK.
XA/HITTF^ } AND THE ALCAZAR C0~|
1A/HITTLESEY
In Dumas' Masterpiece,
CAMILLB
MR. WHITTLESEY as AR1IAND DUVAI*
Mon., Oct. 10, New Alcazar Stock Co. In
LORD AND LADY ALGY.
First appearance of LILLIAN LAWRENCE,
JOHN CRAIG and ELIZABETH WOODSON.
GRAND SSSIg
MATINEE SATURDAY
LAST WEEK
Of the Beautiful Pastoral Play
YORK
STATE FOLKS
Beginning Kent Sunday Matinee
Pixley and Luder'9 Merry Musical Comedy
liTe Burgomaster
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South K3.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Mat3. Sat and Sun.
Mammoth Production of the Scenic
Sensational Drama.
DEALERS IN
WHITE WOMEN
PEC The Police Patrol Boat— The Breakaway
jLL AVall — The Oriental Underground Cham-
b»r — Stetrl Cage Full of Beautiful Women.
pnifCC Evenings 10c to .V>c
rlUtCj Matinets 10c. 15c, UJc
Next Week— Rider Hazard's SHE.
SIISCKLliAXEOUS AMUSEMENTS. _
THE GREAT PIANIST.
ALHAMBRA THEATER
To-Morrow (Tuesday) High', Thursday Hfchi
SATURDAY MATINEE.
Prices $2.00. $1.50, S1.00. 73c.
Box Office. Sherman. Clay & Co.'a.
Y^Q Perfect Fitting (yfY
TV Eyeglasses cp
li At Moderate Cost (^
V 642 / Harke.tSx
PaiarA D0N * T f AI1 - TO
IdiaV/C , ee Ae beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/inn room, the EMPIRE
ttmi parlor, th«
C J PALM ROOM. th«
Iff/ilia LOUIS XV PAR-
uiunu LOR the j^
"D • j< 1 ¦ DIES' WRITING
Hotels roqm -
\A/. T. HESS,
Votary Fnfcllc and Attoraa:7-»t-X*w.
Tenth floor Room 1U15, Claua Sprecksl* bidj.
Telephone Mala 9S3.
t Residence. 1SU2 McAllister st.
• Residence Telephone. Paso 58U.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 KEABST ST. Established
In ISS4 for the treatment of Hrrrat«
.Dijpases. I<ost Manhood. Debility or
1ivas-» wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcnreswhen
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
(arf««ro»ranl«-fd. Callorwma.
Dr. J. r. tilDBO.\, San Fnuv^aco. Cal. • ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"The present phenomenal prosperity has been won under a tariff
which was made to protect the interests of the American pro-
ducer, business man, wage-worker and fanner alike." — THEODORE
ROOSEVELT. '
Hon. Chas. W. Fairbanks
NOMINEE FOR VICE PRESIDENT,
And the Brilliant Orator,
Hon. John P. Dolliver
\Jm O» O J-»IN JT\ ± viv JT XvUA'i lv VV n 9
Will ' Address the Citizens of San Francisco at the
MECHANICS'
PAVILION....
ON
U. S. SENATOE GEO. C. PERKINS Will. PBESXDE.
GEO. STONE. Chairman Republican State Commutes. " •
E. F. WOODWARD, Secretary.
ff\ #
A.- fi/ § / isiL
/O /
CFall outfits for
children ai^d adults
should include gloves.
Perrin gloves of
course, they're so sat-
-; isfactory- — fit and wear
Sole depot for
Women's and Children's Gloves at
B. D. DA VIS & COMPANY, !
Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
Men's- Perrin Olovea at all Stores.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I si A GREAT UKSTOKATIVE. INVIUOKa-
• lor and Nervine.-
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sezea.
The .Mexican. Remedy for Diseases of tba
Kidneys, and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
! NABER, ALFS & BRUJJE, Agent*.
S28 Market «t.. S.F. — (Send for Circulars.)
¦, - ,.•-¦¦• ~ ~ \ ¦. . .. ..<.
AD 1114% Ammunition. Hunting: and
BIB SL" Sporting Goods. Largest
I.I j BIS stock. Lowest prices. Send
BBS lluv ¦ for catalogue.
W %0 MM %0 SHREVE & BARBER CO..
. TT T, , ;~.r 739 „ Market st. and 821
. .. .:... . Keamy at.
lASTHMANOLAl
X* the only cure for 3Tervon« and
t '. : c . • „ Bronchial ASTHMA;
',.' Tour Drueslst or at. 593 HA1UHT' ST., ¦
" San . Francisco, * Cal. .; * One ; petrified tree trunk In .'Arizona
forms a natural bridge over a canyon.
"The Turkish Minister of the Navy
has a salary of $8000 a year. He is said
to be worth : 112,000,000.; Where did he
"I want to see the man of the house,"
said . the ) faker to ' the - red-haired ; lady
who^ opened; the door.
¦ "Do ;• you want "to see the man of
Grasping the Situation.
The thieves that stole a Reno dentist's gold were only giving
that specialist a taste of his own medicine. mzfH
The Return Invitation.
"Please, Mrs. Subbubs,' mamma says
she'll . be ; glad if . you'll come to tea on
Monday." -
".With pleasure, Bessie. Tell your
mother it's really too kind"- —
'. "Oh, no! Mamma says she'll be glad
when it's over."— London ; Punch. '
Miss Frightleigh— How did you; man
age to retain your composure when the
auto blew up? ,
v Mrs. Flareup — Mr. Flareup has such
a furious temper,^ you know, that I
am • used to explosions.'— Detroit Free
Press. .
Trained.
Probably Overestimates Sim.
"Why, is Judkln's wife so jealous of
bis stenographer?"
"Well, you see, Mrs. Judklns was
his stenographer before he married her.
and she doesn't believe any woman
can resist judklns."— Chicago Record-
Herald.
"There are at least 1000 good reasons
why I should marry her.'.'
"Well, what are they?"
"First, because I want to; : and she is
herself the other 999."— Town Topics.
Hopeless.
CALIFORNIA — E. G., Santa Rosa,
CaL The United States Postofflce De
partment recognizes CaL as the ab
breviation of California and Colo, as
that of Colorado, but suggests that the
name of every State should be written
In full in the address on an envelope.
RUSSIAN HILL — Amando. Cifc*.
Russian 'Hill in San Francisco was s*'
named from the fact that in the early
days there were on the western slope
graves surmounted by black crosses,
on which were Russian inscriptions.
These ware undoubtedly the graves of
Muscovites, who before the advent of
the Americans lived In the old Rus
sian village.
Fuddy— I can't abide Siblln; he's one
of those fellows who think they know
it all, you know.
Duddy— I should think he'd be a de
lightful person— to play poker with,
for instance.— Boston Transcript.
In a Boston Club.
Mrs. Waters (sternly)— Is there a bar
attached' to this hotel, young man?
Bell Boy— No'm, but we kin send out
an' git any kind o' booze yer want. —
Philadelphia . Press.
Willinjr to Oblige.
COINS — O. T., City. This depart
ment will answer by mall questions
relative to the value of United States
coins to those who Inclose in the let
ter of inquiry a self-addressed and
stamped envelope.
Another difference between a man
and a woman is that the man doesn't
want to see the back of his head in
a mirror more than twice a year.—Som
erville Journal. 3§l§ll
the house or the boss of the house?"
inquired the latter, with energy.
"I guess It's you I want to see, led
dy," responded the faker, with quick
apprehension. — Philadelphia Bulletin.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
A crystal craze now holds sway.
Crystal escritoire sets are works of art.
The newest In individual salt cellars
is a clear glass block with a circular
depression for the salt.
An invalid's jar for the crackers or
the little delicacies that an invalid
likes to have convenient on the bedside
table is a small edition of the usual
cracker Jar shape in cut glass.
Toilet articles are also made of. crys
tal, clear and colored. One luxurious
woman, whose dressing-room is " in
white and gold, has her dressing table
set with bottles, boxes, trays, etc., of
clear crystal, upon each of ¦ which is
stamped her monogram in heavy gold
relief. In mauve and green, ¦ with
touches of gold, these sets are very
pretty and one set in rose-hued crystal
were quite enchanting. '._-,-'
Crystal lamps of blue, red, green and
the amber and bronze tints are shown
among the novelties and crystal can
dle sticks are more in demand than
those of silver or brass. Slim, clear
crystal candlesticks, with fluted shades
of flowered chintz are charmingly or
namental and useful on my lady's desk
or mantel shelf/ especially, if the apart
ment be furnished in light colors and
quaint style.— Philadelphia Inquirer.
Nearly all the dealers of wines and
Hquors at that time were women, as
many of the laws translated from the
code speak only of women as sellers
of drinks. Severe measures were taken
against those who adulterated the
wines or mixed them with water, so
as to safeguard the purity of the ar
ticle for the use of the public.
The barmaid was held responsible for
disorderly scenes or drunkenness in her
premises and death was the penalty for
those who did not denounce all cases of
drunkenness to the police." Those wom
en who were employed in the temples
were forbidden to enter public hostel
ries under penalty of death and even
drinking In private was forbidden to
them.
Special police officers were detailed
for the inf orcement of the excise laws
In the city of Babylon,* but then, as
well as now, the officers charged with
this duty were, if we are to believe the
code in question, either negligent in
the performance of their duties or too
willing to accept bribes from the bar
maids in the shape of drinks or even
money..
A recent translation of King Hamon
rabi's code, written about 2250 years
before Christ, gives an Insight into the
life of the great city of Babylon at that
remote time, and of the way in which
the excise question was handled by Its
legislators.
BARMAIDS OF BABYLON
Brighter Side of Life.
CRAZE FOR CRYSTALS
WORD comes from Berlin that the presence of Uncle Sam's
great Mediterranean fleet in German waters has had a dis
turbing effect upon naval tacticians of William's empire.
iThe German Navy League's next issue will declare that with the
present fleet and the ships a-building the United States could blow
the imperial navy out of the water without any great effort, and the
publication will attribute this superiority to the preponderance of
high-power guns on our warships.
After the constant experimental investigation of years our
naval constructors have hit upon the long range gun as the chief
offensive arm of the modern battleship's equipment. In the Con
necticut, just launched, and which represents the type for the con
structiQn of all vessels of her class ordered by Congress, the main
battery consists of four 12-inch guns of the latest type and eight
8-inch guns; the secondary battery comprises a full complement of
rapid-firing guns, both of heavy and light type. With the great
guns of this Connecticut type shells can be thrown as far and with
greater accuracy than those projected by the old 13-inch rifles of
the Oregon and Massachusetts, and their effectiveness is equal. " The
Connecticut's main battery represents a terrible potency in actual
combat.
Naval observers of every land recognize one clear fact that
stands forth from the bloody nebula of the sea fights in the present
war, and that is that the long distance gun is the decisive "factor
in modern naval warfare. In the last sortie of the Russian fleet from
Port Arthur, as well as in the engagement between Admiral Kami
mura and the Vladivostok fleet, fighting was engaged in when the
opposing ships were almost Hull-down to each other's vision. Miles
and not yards was the measurement of distances between the con
testants. In both instances the more effective armament of- the
Japanese fleets in the matter of high-power guns threw the weight
of great superiority on their side of the balance.
BIG GUNS IN NAVAL WARFARE.
Sleeting, then. Is Borrow. ,
Sadness won't appear.
Gloom you need not borrow.
Life's pathway ne'er be drear
Buoyant be your spirit.
Highs will pass away.
Tears they have no merit.
Happy b<* each day.
Good deeds cause no fear.
Bring along soma brightness.
Take away the rain.
Fill yourself with gladness.
Laugh and shout again.
Smllfng is not costly.
Cheerfulness not dear.
Kind words never frosty.
HAPPY BE EACH DAY
to it their offerings and garlands.
There Is still another side to the ques
tion, a prudential consideration.
A reputation for possessing fascina
tion certainly Increases a girl's fascina
tion for the men about her. Her popu
larity grows with belief In It. She be
comes more charming when some one
has declared her charming. The fact
that somebody desires her makes her
to all others more desirable. This is
human nature, spelled otft in capital
letters. .:. ?
But—
To those men whom It Is worth while
to marry love is a serious matter. Self
respect is an integral part of such a
man's proposal to a woman. • And If he
sees or hears that the girl whom he ad
mires and would like for his wife has
treated cavalierly the sincerity of a
really good fellow he will hesitate be
fore he risks for himself a similar, hu
miliation.
trusted her so much that he would give
her all he has to give would she accept
It— himself and all that he hopes to be
come with the ripening of bis powers;
his name and such prestige as It al
ready has and as the future may be
stow upon it; his heritage, won by the
toll and self-denial of his forbears, and
whatever of wealth and position he has
been able to reap from his own en
deavors.
Whether or n^t his offering is a poor
er one than that which the girl feels
that she has a right to expect will fall
out of the lap of the gods for her has
nothing to do with this ethical phase of
the situation. All a man hath— what
more can he lay before her?
It is hers, to take or to leave. That
Is all there is about it. If she does not
think that he will make her happy— if
she isn't particularly, anxious to be that
star in his firmament to which he
T HID- man who has proposed and
been rejected deserves far more
consideration at the hands of the
girl whom he has honored than
he is usually fortunate enough to get,
says Dorothy Fenlmore in the Chicago
Journal. Through her Indiscretion or
that of her family— In some one of
whom naturally she has confided— his
hopes. and his disappointments become
one of the good stories among their ac
quaintances. For a twelve month at
least It serves the gossips as a kind of
official tag by which to Identify the
luckless wooer for the benefit of strang
ers.
Just what is It that the man has done
to merit so undesirable a distinction?
In the first place he has trusted a
woman. He has trusted her enough to
wish to trust her always. He has
Escalloped Potatoes — Peel and sUce
raw potatoes enough to fill a rather
deep baking dish, season with
salt and pepper, place a layer of po
tatoes in the bottom of the dish and
add small lump of butter. Continue
these layers until the dish Is full. Then
pour in rich milk enough to cover tii»
potatoes and put in the oven. Bak*
for three-quarters of an hour.
hitches his matrimonial chariot — let her
tell him so as kindly as she can, and
then remember the whole circumstance
tenderly enough to avoid him as much
as possible in the future, and to keep
her lips sealed about an occurrence
which, though an incident in her own
life, is undoubtedly a crisis in his.
And his letters— no eyes but hers
should ever see them. They should not
be read to a group of teasing friends,
who in turn will tell .their intimates
about them. Nor should they be left
open on the dressing table to be de
voured by the maids of the house and
used by them perhaps as models for
their own love affairs.
' No altar of love, magnificent or un
pretentious, as it happens to be, should
ever be desecrated. Rather let it be
treated with reverence, as in the golden
days of Greece the temple of Eros was
treated when innocent maidens brought
CONFIDENCES OF THE REJECTED SUITOR SHOULD
BE RESPECTED BY WOMAN WHOM HE HAS HONORED
Salad Dressings — Eight tablespoons
of vinegar, two eggs, one-quarter tea
spoon of mustard, a little cayenne.
Set In a basin of hot water on the
stove, cook until thick, stirring all the
time. Add lump of butter size of an
•gg, and when cool add a cup of
cream.
Stuffed Leg of Pork — Take a leg of
pork, cut a slit in the knuckle, loosen
the skin and fill it with a dressing of
bread, a little butter, some sage,
onions, pepper and salt. Sew up the
slit and bake. Baste It well and serve
with a nice gravy.
r
r T^HROUGH a pamphlet designed as a part of the Denver ex-
I hibit of juvenile court work at the World's Fair and aptly
A entitled "The Problem of the Children," those interested in
the question of the treatment of delinquent and incorrigible chil
dren at the hands of the law will find a report the most cheering.
In this resume of the fourth year of the juvenile court's jurisdic
tion in Colorado's capital city, written largely out of the personal
experience of the presiding magistrate, the Hon. Ben B. Lindsey,
will be found detailed account of the progress made by those de
voted to the regeneration of wayward children under Colorado's
well-advised laws.
Judge Lindsey gives the spirit of the juvenile court's aim in
a nutshell, when he says that its efforts are not so much toward
reforming as to forming of childish character. It is for the young
incorrigible and not against him that all efforts are directed and
this fact is early impressed upon his understanding. The Judge
himself doffs the stern majesty of the law in dealing with juvenile
cases and brings himself down to the social level of "Boyville" by
entering into the story of each offender's special wrongdoing with
every show of personal interest and by giving advice rather than
grave admonition. To combat the negative influence of so many
homes — too often the real cause for youthful delinquency — the
Denver Juvenile Court has as adjunct special libraries and baths for
all boys who care to take advantage of them; an allied private
society obtains summer labor in the country for the probationaries ;
offenders under arrest cannot be taken to a jail, but are temporarily
lodged in a home-like detention house, provided by law.
Colorado has taken a long step in the right direction by plac
ing responsibility for the delinquency in the child upon the parents
and the home. By statute it has been enacted that parents and
guardians against whom neglect or immoral influence displayed
toward children can be proven are themselves amenable to the
law's punishments. Had we such a law in California our own ex
cellent juvenile court would find its labors lightened.
Baked Tomatoes — Take six large to
matoes and two tablespoons of bread
crumbs, a large teaspoonful of butter.
a small onion chopped very fine, salt
and cayenne pepper to suit the taste.
DENVER'S JUVENILE COURT.
FOR THE TABLE
A hemstitched handkerchief with
the owner's initials or name embroid
ered in the corner Is the only correct
style for morning use. A fine em
broidered handkerchief is the thing
for afternoon or even evening wear,
and many delicate and exquisite de
signs are procurable, but the lace
handkerchief should be" reserved for
state occasions, to be carried with the
most elaborate frocks and accessories
to correspond.
Lace handkerchiefs, like jewels, are
out of place except with an evening
toilette, and no woman who desires to
be considered well-bred thinks of us
ing lace at any other time of day.
Cheap lace is an abomination to
sensitive people and la easily detected
by even unaccustomed eyes. Carry
the plainest kind of a hemstitched
handkerchief rather than cheap lace,
taking care only of two thing3, clean
liness and quality of linen.
Nothing betrays the social standing
of a woman more quickly than ' her
handkerchief.
MY LADY'S 'KERCHIEF
THE last quarter of the year, upon which we have now entered,
bids fair to be the best of tho year, which, according to the esti
mates of financiers ami posted business men, will probably end
better than it began. As already mentioned, there has been a gradual
expansion in trade during the' past month or two, which has ex
tended all over the country. This is due to the decreased production
of many commodities, which has allowed the demand to again
overtake the supply, the settlement of several important labor dis
turbances, good crop prospects, continued abundance of money, a
gratifying absence of the usual apprehensions preceding a Presi
dential election, a belief that there will be no deleterious changes
in financial and tariff conditions for a year at least, and an increasing
demand for all sorts of merchandise throughout the country. These
encouraging conditions are reflected in a larger volume of bank
clearings, improved collections in many parts of the country, a visible
expansion in the jobbing and retail trades, increasing railway earn
ings, an upward tendency in railway and industrial stocks in New
York, 1 and in numerous minor ways, which cannot be fully enume
rated here. But the improvement is with us and is perceptible to
everybody conversant with the trade situation.
The great staples are especially exhibiting marked improve
ment. There is a heavy demand for wheat all over the country to
satisfy a largely increased demand for flour. The millers are buying
wheat everywhere. They have even entered the two Northern
Pacific States as heavy buyers, have already purchasd 10,000,000 or
12,000,000 bushels and would now be taking a great deal more were
they not compelled to pause by the inability of the overland rail
roads to haul the grain East as fast as it is bought. This demand
has caused advances in wheat and flour all over the country, though
wheat has shown some recessions from the high prices at Chicago
during the past several days. These are golden times for the wheat
farmers. Provisions are also showing more firmness. The corn
and cotton crops are still a matter of some uncertainty, but large
crops of both seem reasonably assured. Wool continues firm and
active at all important centers. The buying of hops has been un
precedented, and though the 1904 yield is not yet fully prepared for
market, all but a small fraction of it has already passed out^ of
growers' hands and, what is especially gratifying, at extremely high
prices. More activity in pig iron is reported, and those conversant
with the trade are predicting better times in this industry. Large
purchases of hides in Western markets have strengthened prices
there. So it will be seen that the country's great staples are in most
excellent condition, and this alone almost assures another year of
prosperity.
Thus far the movement of the crops, now commencing, has
produced no appreciable effect on the money market. Rates are
naturally a little firmer, but no advance of any consequence has oc
curred and no future stringency is expected.
Our local situation remains about as before. A week ago it was
feared that widespread damage had been caused by the severe Sep
tember rains, and, indeed, the dry feed has been seriously damaged.
But fortunately the storm was followed by a hot, drying north wind,
which did much to modify the effects of the storm. Grapes, hay,
beans, tomatoes and some grain on river banks have been injured,
but the ground has received such a thorough wetting that unusually
earl}* plowing" can be begun, so that the rain was not such an un
mixed evil after all. What we want now is showers enough to keep
the new feed growing until the regular winter rains set in, and if
we get them we may consider ourselves fairly embarked upon an
other year of agricultural and commercial prosperity.
TRADE STILL IMPROVING.
The filmy, delicate millinery crea
tions of summer must now give -way to
something a little more substantial.
Hats made of straw braids, and also
those of tulle and lace, are seasonable
as to the shapes. Among the au
tumn rogues are many ' variations of
the trlcorne and the turban with pro
jecting front. But there are also any
number of small-brim hats tilted for
ward and turried up sharply at the
back. >'. '
The IMrectolre hat, with its sweep
ing bird of paradise feather, has re
turned to favor, and certainly there la
no more appropriate accompaniment
to the fashionable gown of the pe
riod than this picturesque model.
Fruit trimmings will adorn the lat*
summer hat. and among these there
is none more effective than berries,
which are frequently seen in many
shades of light blue, mauve and green
clustered together upon one hat.
Gooseberries are in high favor, and
Immense bunches of grapes depend
from the back of some of the most
attractive hats. Flowers, too, will
trim the between season hat. Espe
cially smart are the roses and other
blossoms that shade from the deep
brown through tans, orange and yel
low.
These axe used on brown, green
and burnt straw, as well as tulle hats
In the same colors. Ostrich, plumes
In white, black and green and in
shaded effects are a popular though
expensive trimming for the dressy hat.
while for the severe or tailored head
gear there are quilts, wings and cock
ades to be used In association with
ribbon or velvet.
MILLINERY STYLES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
5JOHX I>. SPKECKELS... Proprietor
A'uVUHSS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOITV MeXArGHT -:.;i^_LLLLL Manager
rVIBLTCATION OFFirK..^'. THIHO A!CD MAP.KET STHEKT3. BAN FRAJf CISCO
MONDAY : 8 ' 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 190*.
THE PATCHED-DP PLATFORM; FINE CHANCE FOR A TUMBLE.
6
COPYRIGHT. 1904, BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT OP THE), SAN FRANCISCO CAU» WITH THE NEW YORK BVEN3NO MADb.
Townscnd's California Glace frnlts ta
artistic flre-etchea boxes. 715 Markat st."
Special information supplied dally t«i
business houses and public men by th§
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien's). 230 Csd-
ifomla street. Tslesaon* AUia 1043, *A man may be a quiet dresser until
he loses his collar button.
KEENE, N. H^ Oct "2. — Mrs. Den
znan Thompson, wife of the actor and
author of "The Old Homestead," died'
at her home In West Swanscy to-day.
Mrs. penman Thompson Dead.
The barkentlne Echo, a proverbially fast
vessel, Is thirty-three days out from Honolulu
to South Bend." - Or. She Is commanded, by
Captain Sam Young • and Is owned by the
Simpson Lumber Company. One of -"-.her
speedy trips was recently made from Astoria
to Cape Town, then to Newcastle, Australia,
and .after loading to Honolulu and home to
Astoria. : : 8he : completed the long voyage In
clusive of -loading ana unloading 'in eight
months : and . twenty-seven days.
The Echo's Lone Trip.
M. J. Buckley haa been appointed freight
clerk on the Siberia. She is being loaded for
China and Japan.
The overdue ships Bardowle. Mollere and
Crown of Germany have been spoken and have
hence been taken off the reinsurance U«t. The
schooner ¦ Advance, which is probably lost,
and the ship Shakespeare are still unheard of.
• The Spreckels tug Alert has pumped out the
waterlogged steamer Northland, which will
be taken to the repair yard.
The Pacific Mail steamship Mongolia Is due
from the. Orient to-day and the Oceanic liner
from Honolulu to-morrow.
Water Front Notes.
SAN BERNARDINO. Oct. 2. Hor
ticultural Commissioner Pease haa
completed his report for submission
to the Board of Supervisors, which
meets to-morrow. The report says
that the condition of the fruit trees
In this county is particularly gratify
ing. There has been some damage
dene by hail In the apple belt, but this
has been confined to the narrow strip
Fwept by the storm. The apple and
orange crops are light, but the fruit Is
larger and of better quality than
usual.
According to Report of Horticultural
Commissioner Pease Trees Show
Little Effect of Recent Storm.
SAN* BERXARDIXO FRUIT
ESCAPES SERIOUS DA3IAGE
They have had the spirit to see to . it that
their city government has been free from cor
ruptlon. that when, they built a city hall, . a
high school building, a free library building,
the structures were , erected at a cost fully ar
A change has suddenly come over the spirit
of Alameda. Not only the county of Alameda.
but the city — that little municipality of the fifth
class, which ought, by the way, to be In a
class of Its own. for with a population of over
18,000 it is out of place In its association with
children of bo much smaller growth.
The spirit of Alameda has always been a
peculiar one. Many have condemned its citi
sens as being without spirit. This Is unjust.
Alamedans have never been spiritless. They
have had plenty of spirit, of a certain kind —
a good kind. It has been of a kind to make
them take pride - In their city as a place for
themselves to live In. It hag not been of a
kind to cau«e them to call the attention of
others to the advantages which they enjoyed.
For years they have had a wonderfully up
to-date place of residence. They have had
the eplrlt to see to It that their schools were
second to none; that their streets' were all
macadamized and kept clean; that their City
Hall ¦ was superior; that their Free Library
was beautifully housed and well stocked; that
their sewer system was well appointed; that
their dairy and - food inspection was superior
to any other city on the coast; that the city's
healthfulness was superb; that its freedom
from' xymotlc diseases wa» better than the
best and was nearly CO per cent less than the
average.
Brainerd C. Brown has prepared for
these columns an article concerning
the awakening of the city of Alameda,
which is published herewith:
Citizens Organize to Make Known Its
3Ierits as an Ideal Home Town.
ALAMEDA WAKES UP.
SPOKANE, Wash., Oct. 2. — W. A.
Hitz, a farmer, living near "Walla
Walla, says that he owes his life to the
intelligence of a Scotch collie dog,
tvhich saved his master from a most
perilous KiM'ation. Ritz was driving a
bull, when the animal turned and
started for the horse on which the
farmer was riding. The animal
I-lunged and Rltz was thrown from the
saddle, his feet catching in the stirrup.
RiU yelled at the horse to stop. The
frig-htened steed disregarded the com
mand and was preparing to bolt, when
Ihe dog came back and began jumping
itt the horse's head, biting the animal
on the nose and forcing it back until
Ritz was able to extricate his foot.
Ititz escaped with a few bruises.
Collie Prevents Horse Rnnnin? Axvnj
Until Throxvn Rider Disentangles
Foot From Stirrup.
tnSE DOG SAVES LIFE
OF WALLA WALLA FARMER
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr San Pe
dro, from Santa Barbara, and sailed for Santa
Monica.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 2— Ship
Arthur Sewall. from Shanghai; Nor stmr
Tellus hence Sept 28.
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 1 — Stmr Chas Nel
son, hence Sept 27. Oct 2 — Stmr Centennial,
hence Sept 28; rtmr Oregon, from Nome
Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Roanoke. for Nome.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 1— Schr Me
teor, from San Pedro.»
Sailed Oct 2— Schr E K Wood for San
Pedro.
TACOMA — Sailed Oct 2 — Br bark 'Samari
tan, for Queenstown; echr Minnie A Calne,
for San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Oct 2— Stmrs
State of California and Bonita, for San Fran
cisco.
REDONDO— Sailed Oct 2— Schr Edward R
West, for Grays Harbor; stmrs Centralia and
Whittier. for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Centralia, from San
Pedro: stmr Whittier hence Sept 30.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Oct 2— Schr J
W CU«e. for San Pedro.
WINSLOW— Arrived Oct 2— Schr Henry K
Hall, from Tslntau.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Aurelia, for
flan Francisco.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 2. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS
TELEGRAPHIC.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, Oct. 2.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bowen's
Landing.
Stmr Whltesboro, Hansen. 17 hours from
Greenwood. J
Stmr Cella Smith. 58 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Brea'kwater, Seaman. 33 hours from
Coos Bay
Ger stmr Abydos. Lelbfarth, 7S hours from
Port Gamble; put in to finish loading.
Stmr Corona, Glelow. 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Rival. Fosen. 19 hours from Needle
Stiiir Arctic. Nelson. 23% hours from
Schr Conflanza, Johnson. 23 hours from Not
leys Landing. "'.„>.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from
Schr Eva, Madison. 26 days from Nelsons
Lagoon. Bering Sea.
Schr Bessie K. Stark. 12 hours from San
Vicente Landing. :
SAILED.
Sunday, Oct. 2.
Stmr Tampico. Roberta, Seattle.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson. Port Rodgers.
Stmr Maggie. Eagles. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay. Johnson, San Pedro and
way ports.
Stm r Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego and
way ports.
Stmr Umatllla, Nopander. Victoria. B C, etc.
Stmr Brooklyn. Carlson, Mendocino.
Stmr Enterprise, Youngren. Hllo, with ship
Marion Chilcott In tow.
Stmr Robert Dollar. Johnson, Mukilteo.
Br ehlp Llndneld. Read, Royal Roads. B C.
Ship Marion .Chilcott, Williams. Honolulu,
in tow of stmr Enterprise.
Schr Ida A. Campbell. Point Reyes.
Schr Ida McKay,- Lehtcla. Eureka.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen. Stewart* Point.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
CARBONDALE. 111., Oct. 2.—Condi
tions have again assumed a serious
phase at Zeigler. and what seemed to
be a complete victory for Joseph Leiter
has turned almost into defeat. Emissa
ries of the Miners' Union have succeed
ed in inducing a large number of Leit
er's men to strike, and Saturday forty
five of them went out by way of Chris
toj5her.
The exodus continued yesterday, and
it Is claimed that In twenty-four hours
not more than sixty miners will be left.
The cause of the present conditions, as
claimed by the men who have left, is
that sufficient wages cannot be earned
and also that too high prices are
charged for board and clothing.
The body of David Sacry, the Santa Rosa
merchant and a pioneer citizen of that city,
who deliberately threw himself overboard
from the Tlburon ferry steamer M.
Donahue Saturday night and disappeared in
the bay. has not been found. No reason is
known why he committed the fatal act. as
his business is in good condition and he was a
man who took life very easy. Sacry was 70
years of age, a bachelor arid strictly temper
ate in his habits. His mysterious death has
cast a gloom over the city of Santa Rosa.
Suicide's Body Not Found.
Special JWrpatch to The Call.
Agents of the Organization
Induce Many Employes to
Leave Letter's Property
Steamships Change Owners.
The Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany's steamers Columbia and George "W.
Elder in future will be known as belonging
to the San Francisco and Portland Steamship
Company. R. P. Schwerin of the Pacific Mall
Company will have full charge of the line,
with office at 421 Market street.
MINERS' UNION
GAINS VICTORY
The French bark Max sailed September 23
from Newcastle. Australia, for San Francisco.
This is the vessel that collided with and eunk
the Padnc Coast steamer Walla Walla with
great loss of life off this coast nearly two years
ago. The ship Argus sailed on the 29th from
Ventnor, the ship Memphis from Valparaiso
and the Montara from Everett the 30th. for
this port.
Vessels for This Port.
The greatest interest will attend the
statements that the Nevada County
Promotion Committee makes in refer
ence to and in support of its claim
that Nevada County is the leading
gold mining 'county in the State of
California. It is nroudly said that
"since 1849 it has stood first in the
production of gold and for a contin
uous period of more than fifty-four
years its mines have been in opera
tion and are to-day producing their
millions of dollars annually, with un
explored territory to warrant their
operation for the next century."
Some large figures of production by
individual mines are instanced to il
lustrate the county's claim to the ban
ner. The . total output of the Empire
mine at Grass Valley, the oldest quartz
mine in California, is given as more
than $11,000,000. The North Star mines
of Grass Valley are credited with a
total production to date of $20,000,000,
of which, according to an official state
ment by the directors of the company,
$736,087 was produced in gold bullion
in the year 1903. The Maryland-Idaho
group in the same lo;a:ity h^3 a rec
ord of $20,000,000. In the Nevada City
group the Champion mines are reported
to have had an output of more than
$15,000,000. Many other mines in the
district have yielded more than $1,000,
000 each.
In the county are the Bloomfield,
Eureka, Washington and Meadow Lake
districts. "All through the different
parts of ihe county," says the County
Promotion Committee, "the continuous
roar of hundreds of stamps, crushing
countless tons of ore, is heard year in
and year out. Many newer properties,
developed and equipped within the last
few years, are rapidly proving their
worth and sustaining the reputation
of the county."
The largest hydraulic mine in the
world is in Nevada County. This is
the Malakoff. One brick produced from
a Nevada . County hydraulic mine, the
result of one month of running, was
worth $114,000. The hydraulic mines
and the drift mines show that many
miles of ancient river channels exist
in the county, underlying lava capped
ridges, awaiting development by the
drift process to yield up their treas
ures. The product of the Nevada Coun
ty mines is in Itself legal tender. It
is a commodity that has no competitor
and requires, as the committee truth
fully says, no drummer to sell It, In
addition to Its resources in gold . the
county has a copper belt that passes
Taking another view, the Nevada
County Promotion Committee truth
fully says that "this county, In addi
tion to being a producer of gold and
other metals, is also a land of pleasant
homes, with a genial" and diversified
climate, good soil that produces fruit
and all kinds of crops in abundance,
magnificent forests, cities and towns
with all the comforts of civilization;
a place where a man can live in com
fort and pursue his avocation with his
business at home."
THE BANNER COUNTY.
The Nevada County Promotion Com
mittee has issued a descriptive work
in which the fact is made duly prom
inent that Nevada is the banner gold
county of California. In support of
this claim several allegations of more
than common interest are made. As a
preamble, it Is asserted, on the
title page, that Nevada is the
the most prosperous mining coun
ty in the United States and that
its good mines are found where there
is a perfect climate and all the com
forts of civilization, two facts that
cannot fail to attract the attention of
miners in all parts of the world .in
whose knowledge mining ordinarily
means more than common hardships
and many privations.
"The history of Nevada County,"
says the Nevada County Promotion
Committee, "began in the year 18ft,
when thousands of gold seekers who
came to California thronged its rivers,
ravines, canyons and river banks and
enriched themselves to a far greater
extent than any of the recent explorers
of the Klondike. Since that period
it has held its own and is annually
producing millions of dollars and has
added more than $200,000,000 to the
wealth of th3 world."
The committee does not fail to call
attention to the great water supply
in Nevada County. The eastern part
of the county Is crossed by the Sierra
Nevada Mountains, with peaks from
8000 to 9000 feet in height. The annual
snowfall in the mountains is from ten
to twenty feet. From the snow clad
mountains flow the Bear, South Yuba
and Middle Yuba rivers, traversing and
bounding the county. The average
rainfall in the county is from 45 Inches
in the lower lands to 75 inches on the
higher elevations. Years ago, princi
pally for hydraulic mining purposes,
large and expensive!; systems of canals
were constructed, which have since
been greatly extended and have been
made to cover all sections and supply
water for power, mining and irriga
tion.
During the dry season the water sup
ply is kept up by the use of large res
ervoirs that have been constructed in
the mountains, having an average ca
pacity, on the western slopes of the
Sierras, of forty billion gallons. The
large and reliable supply of water, be
ing used for power under high pres
sure, has assisted to make mining prof
itable and has been a great factor In
the development of deep mining.
The eastern portion of Nevada Coun
ty is crossed by the Truckee River, the
outlet of Lake Tahoe. The water from
this river supplies power for lumbering,
manufacturing and mining.
The lands of Nevada County are fer
tile. The diversities of its climate are
due principally to the differences In
elevation. The snow capped Sierra
borders its eastern part and the west
ern county line runs well to the Sacra
mento Valley.
Cereals, common to all California,
flourish well on the farming lands. The
foothills and mountaines contain some
of the finest grazing lands in the State.
The finest supply of apples and Bart
lett pears are produced up to an ele
vation of 3500 feet above the sea level.
Grapes, pruns, figs, olives and oranges
grow at lower elevations. One of the
best known creameries in the State is
in the Penn Valley. Settlers of mod
ern means can procure farming lands,
possessing a variety of soil, at $5 to
$20 an acre. Thousands of acres of land
ere used for pasture that need only
to be cleared of brush to become the
equal of any producing lands in Cali
fornia. Water can be had for irriga
tion at a reasonable price. There are
thousands of acres of timber land that
arc to be bought at from $20 to $50
an acre.
The county has large lumbering in
terests and there are other industries
of importance. The county is well
equipped with schools and churches.
through its western portion, in the
Fpenceville and French Coral districts.
GREAT WATER SUPPLY.
And so Alamedans are waking with the new
thought. If their city were located south of
Tehachapl it would to-day be the most beau
tiful spot In California. It would be the show
place> of show places, and its charms would
have been advertised far and wide. Alamedans
are Just waking up to all this. They have
organized two Improvement clubs— the Alameda
Advancement Association and the West End
Alameda Improvement Club. These bodies are
In the midst of a campaign of education. They
are rapidly Inoculating- the residents of Ala
meda with enthusiasm.
Not that they are neglecting the lines of
city Improvement which have so long been
followed. No; they are working on thos-5 lines
just the same. In addition thereto,' they are
advertising their advantages to the outside
world. They am Issuing literature. A folder
just published by the Alarneda Advancement
Association contains a fine map of the city,
drawn to a scale, showing the location of the
City Hall, the Public Urjsry. the seven school
houses and the fourteen churches, all the city
streets and the water ;<41es surrounding the
Island It also contain an epitomized de
scription of the city. Us <itlmate, healthfulness,
ease of access, school, thurch and other ad
vantages.
The president of this organization Is George
"W. Scott of Scott & Van Arsdale; 4he vice
president is PhilllD S. Teller of Norton, Teller
A Roden; the others of the board of directors
are B. R- Anthony. Charles B. Neal, George H.
Mastlck, F. W. d'Evelyn. M. D.. and Elmer
a JohMon; Bralnard C. Brown la secretary.
ALAMEDANS ORGANIZE.
For instance, a beautiful strip of land bor
dering the edge of the tidal canaj and belong
ing to the city could be beautified, or a drive
way could be made around the shore of the
whole inland, or the sandy beach on the south
side could be Improved until It afforded a
bathing place of charming attractiveness, or
little Darks could be laid out here and there,
or a spacious auditorium could be erected to
accommodate public gatherings, or a children's
playground with gymnasium facilities could
be provided. In short, th« tight little isle,
already beautiful, could be transformed Into
a gem of delight.
But a change has come over him. He sees
that there are advantages which can be gained,
only by broader co-operation. He s«es that?
with the vacant lots built upon and occupied
by first-class families there will be more tax
money available. Not that his taxes have
ever been burdensome, but there are many
desirable things that a little more money can
do.
Take, for instance, his own home. In years
past be had bought a lot 50 by 150 feet and
had paid, say, $15C0 therefor. He had built
him a house costing, say, $4000. He had spent,
say, *50O in beautifying his grounds. What
benefit would It be to him if property values
should double? To-day that has been his
home for fifteen years. He does not want to
sell. But during those fifteen years he has
seen to it that whatever would make for the
value of his home life and that of his neigh
bors has been attended to.
And so Alameda has drifted along all these
years, happy in its own advantages assured
that for every dollar of taxes spent it re
ceived more than a dollar In return benefits
What did it matter to Alamedans that prop
erty values did not advance? The average
Alamedan had nothing to sell. If speculators
In former years had been foolish enough to
load up with vacant blocks If large tracts
were held intact by estates of deceased per
sons, what cared the Alamedan if the holders
had to hold indefinitely?
During- all these years the average Alamedan
would not turn his hand over to call the atten
tion of outsiders to his own beautiful gem of
a home city. If one by chance had his atten
tion called to what the world at large knew
not of and took up his abode In the favored
suburb, well and good. He was welcomed aa
a man of keen perception, who knew a good
thing when he saw it. Probably he bad origi
nally come to view the place by the solicita
tion of some Alameda friend. If so, he was
made doubly welcome, for that friend stood
sponsor for his acceptability. At any rate, he
was now an Alamedan, and as such wa3 en
titled to all the righu and privileges of fel
lowship.
The average Alamedan has for years been
content In the satisfaction that his little city
was the place of all places In the world for
a pleasant home; the place of all places for
the raising of a family. If the outside world
knew not of t)*e advantages which he enjoyed,
so much the worst for the world. If the lot
next to his own beautiful residence was va
cant, so much the better. He got all the more
sun thereby; his children had all the more
playground thereby.
SPIRIT OP CONTEXT.
low as they could have been under careful
private management. They have had the spirit
to rut a high license on saloons and to deter
mine that no saloon should be opened in resi
dence localities, the number of saloons in the
city aggregating but twenty-three. They have
known o f the mildness of their climate; of the
soft modulation of their ocean breezes; of the
cheap and quick ferry system, with boats
every fifteen minutes, making trips In forty
minutes; of their pure water supply from
deep artesian wells. ¦ They have recognized
the .value of all these things. Whether other*
recognized that value they have cared not.
The harbor police officers stationed at the
union ferry building have begun a work that
will earn them the gratitude of every traveler
who enters San Francisco by the transbay
route A swarm of transfer agents Infest the
arcades of the great structure and make life
miserable for the stranger who comes into the
city. They gather around him and snatch at
his grip or suit case and if he looks gullible he
will be promised a free ride to any part of
the city, providing the agent gets the transfer
of the baggage. Of course, no eucn promise
is ever kept and the victim is bled for what
ever sum he may be made pay.
Officer John Dower arrested O. E. Miller, a
transfer man Saturday for violating the city
hack ordinance and disturbing the peace.
Miller met Henry Darby, a stranger, at
Third and Townsend streets, and to get the
transfer of the traveler's suit case agreed to
haul him to the union ferry free of charge.
On arrival at the foot of Market street Mil
ler demanded jl for the fare, which Darby
refused to pay. The altercation attracted
Dower, and Miller threatened to whip both
Darby and the officer. Dower promptly ar
rested the warlike transfer man on the charges
mentioned.
Transfer Man Arrested.
Local Promotion Committee Shows Region
Is Entitled to Banner for Its Mines.
TYPICAL SCENES THAT ARE FAMILIAR IN NEVADA COUNTY, WHERE QUARTZ IS RICH.
AT irtJQUERQUE, N. M., Oct. 2. —
Jleports from the floods in the Rio
Grande Valley above and below this
city are coming in. The towns of
Valencia and Los Lentee were prac
tically washed awaj- and several hun
dred families are homeless. The river
swung to the east, cut a new channel
end poured a torrent through the two
towns. No lives were lost. The su
burbs of this city suffered, about fifty
houses being destroyed. Ignacio
Gutierrez, a Commissioner of Sandoval
County, telephoned that the damage
at Los Cord ales and Alameda, above
the city, will amount to several hun
dred thousand dollars.
There is one passenger train from
Southern California at Gallup and an
other from San Francisco at Winslow,
Ariz., while the other trains from Cali
fornia are held here. The local offi
cials cannot say when the trains will
arrive or depart and the traffic situa
tion is serious. Many feet of track
are reported gtme at Ortiz, at Cerril
los. Waldo. Thornton and Bernalillo
a.nd above and below this city at Rin
con, Amarillo, N. M., and Isleta.
Great Damage In Rio Grande Valley.
Trains Held Up.
HOMES WASHED AWAY.
The bay schooner Amelia, owned by Mrs.
Hanson of Redwood City, sprang a leak a few
days ago while on her way to Petaluma and
filled to the rail. Her crew escaped in the
small boat and left the vessel at anchor In
the tules to keep her from drifting away witn
the tide. Her cargo kept her from sinking to
the bottom, and yesterday the tug Elsie suc
ceeded after two days' hard work In towing
the schooner to Butchertown, where ah* will
be beached and repaired.
The Elsie recently found the schooner Lily
at anchor in San Pablo Bay with mainmast
and fore rigging gone. The tug towed her to
Chinese camp 1. near McNear's. where she
will be repaired. • ,
Schooner Amelia Springs a Leak.
racks, Washington, will proceed to San
Francisco and assume charge, under
instructions of the quartermaster gen
eral, of the construction work at Point
Bonita and Forts Mason and Baker,
California. He will also report in per
son to the commanding general of the
Department of California for assign
ment to duty as assistant to the chief
quartermaster of that department in
charge of other construction work in j
the vicinity of San Francisco, reliev- |
ing Major George McK. Williamson, j
Major Williamson, after being so re- ;
lieved and upon the expiration of such
leave of absence as may be granted
him, will proceed to Chicago, 111., and
report to the commanding general of
the Department of the Lakes for as
signment of duty as assistant to the
chief quartermaster of that depart
ment, relieving Major David S. Stan
ley, quartermaster. Major Stanley,
upon being relieved, will proceed to
Manila, Philippine Islands, and report
to the commanding general of the
Philippine division for assignment to
duty as chief quartermaster of the
Department of Mindanao, relieving
Captain Edward N. Jones Jr.
Captain Jones will proceed to Port- i
land, Me., and assume charge of the
construction of buildings at such posts
in Portland harbor as may be assigned
him, relieving Captain Arthur W.
Vates. Captain Yates will proceed to
Manila and report to the commanding
general for iassignment to duty. Cap
tain Charles T. Baker, quartermaster,
is relieved from duty as assistant at
the general depot of the quartermas
ter's department, San Francisco, and
will proceed to Manila for assignment
to duty as assistant to the chief quar
termaster of that department in charge
of the slops, relieving Captain F. W.
Cole. Captain Cole will proceed to this
city and, report to the quartermaster
general of the army.
First Lieutenant W. L. Keller, as
sistant surgeon, is relieved from duty at
Fort Riley, Kan., and will proceed not
later than October 12, 1904, to Fort
Leavenworth, Kan., and report to the
commanding officer of the Second
Squadron, Fourth Cavalry, to accom
pany that command to the Presidio,
San Francisco. Upon the completion
of this duty he will report to the com
manding general of the Department of
California for assignment to duty at
the United States Army General Hos
pital at the Presidio. First Lieutenant
Charles C. Bllllngslea, assistant sur
geon, is relieved from duty at the
United States Army General Hospital
and will proceed not later than Nocem
ber 1, 1904, to the Presidio of Monterey
and report to the commanding officer
of the First Squadron, Ninth Cavalry,
to.cacompany that command to Fort
Riley, Kan.
First Lieutenant Robert Smart, as
sistant surgeon, now at the Presidio,
San Francisco, is relieved from fur
ther duty in the Philippines and will
report to the commanding officer of
the Third Squadron, Ninth Cavalry, to
accompany that command from the
Presidio to Jefferson Barracks, Mo.
Upon completing this duty he will pro
ceed to Dupont, Del., and report to
the commanding officer of that post
for duty. Leave of absence for one
month is granted Major George McK.
Williamson, quartermaster, to take ef
fect upon being relieved from duty as
assistant to the quartermaster depart
ment, of California. Captain L. G.'P.
Berry, quartermaster, now in . San
Francisco, will report in person to the
general superintendent of the army
transport service of that city for as
signment to duty as quartermaster and
acting commissary of the transport
Sheridan, relieving Captain Haldemand
Young, quartermaster. -
% - ¦ _ *
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— Under or
ders of the War Department, Captain
William C. Wren, quartermaster, now
awaitins orders at Vancouver Bar-
Will Be Succeeded in San Francisco
by Captain Wren of Vancouver;
Barracks. /.'
MAJOR GEORGE WILLIAMSON
ORDERED TO CHICAGO
Arrived Oct 2— Fr bark Cambronne. from
Honolulu.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO — Arrived prior to Sept 29— Bark Al
bert, from Port Gamble.
KIHEI— Arrived Sept 30— Stmr Argyll, hence
Sept 20.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Tuni
sian, from Montreal, via Movllle; rtmr Arabia,
from New York, via Queenstown: stmr Po
meranian, from Montreal, via Glasgow.
Sailed Oct 1 — Stmr Victorian, for New
York and passed Klnsale Oct 2; stmr Cartha
genian. from Glasgow, for St Johns, N S".
Halifax and Philadelphia.
MOVILLE— Sailed Oct 1— Stmr Columbia,
from Glasgow, for New York.
BOULOGNE— Sailed Oct 1— Stmr Ryndam,
from Rotterdam, for New York, and passed
Prawle Point Oct 2.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Oct 2 — Stmr Etru
rla. from Liverpool, for New York.
DOVER — Sailed Oct 2 — Stmr Belgravla. from
Hamburg, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Ger
manic for New York, via Cherbourg; stmr
Koenlj Albert, from Bremen, for New York.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. j Due.
Lakme San Pedro — .... Oct. 3
8. Monica.... Grays Harbor .Oct. 3
Elizabeth Coquille River Oct. 3
North Fork... Humboldt ¦ Oct. 3
Del Norte Crescent City Oct. a
S.Barbara... San Pedro ......Oct. 3
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 3
Mongolia China & Japan........ Oct. a
Argo Eel Klver Ports ...Oct. 3
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 3
Bonlta Newport & Way Port*. Oct. 3
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pu. Oct. 3
Homer Humboldt Oct. 3
Porno Point Ares* A Albion. Oct. 4
Alameda Honolulu Oct. 4
Alliance Portland A Way Ports. Oct. 4
Central!* San Pedro Oct. 4
Montara Seattle Oct. 4
Chico Coquille River Oct. 4
Pomona Humboldt .Oct. 9
Newport New York via Ancoa. Oct. S
Aurelia Portland A Astoria.... Oct. I
Santa Rosa... San Diego A Way Pts. Oct. 9
Point Arena. . Mendocino A Pt. Arena Oct. 9
Arcata Coos Bay A Pt. Orfd. Oct. 8
O. W. Elder.. Portland A Astoria.... Oct. 8
San Pedro.... San Pedro Oct. •
Coos Bay San Pedro A Way Pts. Oct. 7
Amer. Mara.. China & Japan Oct. 7
Callfornlan... New York via Coronet. Oct. T
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 8
Newburg Grays Harbor ...Oct. 9
Centennial.... Seattle A Tacoma . Oct. 9
Ventura Sydney A Way Ports.. Oat. 10.
Columbia Portland A Astoria. ... Oct. It
Mariposa Tahiti Oct. 13
TO BAIU
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 3.
S. Monica. . Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 3
Lakme Humboldt 12 m Pier 20
Samoa Los Angeles Ports.. 10 am Pier 3
8. Barbara. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 3
October 4. f
Norwood... Seattle* & Tacoma. 3 pm Pier 1
Breakwater Coos Bay direct.... S pm Pier S
Corona Humboldt Jl:30p|Pier 9
Elizabeth.. Coquille River ( 5 pm[Pler 20
Columbia...) Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 21
Centralia... Gray^ Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
October 5.
Eureka Humboldt 9 amiPler 13
G. Dollar.. I Grays Harbor 4 pmjPler 20
Argo i Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 3
Arctic I Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. S pm'Plcr 2u
October 6. I
San Pedro. Humboldt 112 m'Pier 2
Poir.o Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm|Pier 3
State of Cal San Diego &. Way. » am!Pt«T"tl
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 amjPler 11
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. It am Pier lit
Chico Coquille River 8 pm Pier 3
October 7. i
Queen Puget Sound Ports It ampler 9
Abydos Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier lu
Siberia China A Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier }l
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler V
October 8. I
Aurelia.... Astoria & Portland 3 pm Pier S?
Alameda... Honolulu 11 amIPier 7
City Sydney N. York via Ancon 12 ml Pier 40
Arcata Coos B & Pt. Orfd 10 anVPier 12
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm|Pter 2
October 9. |
G. W. Elder Astoria A Portland 11 ami Pier 21
October 11. I
Redondo. ... Astoria & Portland 1 pm|Pler 2
October 12. i -
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am! Pier 8
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. 1 Destination. ] Satis.
1
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 3
Santa Clara.. Seldovla & Way Ports. Oct. 3
Victoria Nome & N.E. Slherla|Oct. 4
J-fferson Skagway & Way Porta.lOct. 9
Dirigo Skagway & Way PortsjOct 7
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports'Oct. 13
Oregon Nome & St. Michael.. jOct S
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way PtslOct. 10
Santa Ana... Seldovla & Way Porta!Oct. 18
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about S3
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY. OCTOBER 3.
Sun,^ rises • .......6:07
Sun sots • 5:33
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
0 iTImel mine] tTlmel Time
£ l! 1 Ft. I f Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
? |H W| |L W| H W| L W
3 I 6321 4.2112:04 2.0! 5:51! 4.5]. ."...I.....
|L wi " IH W Ml' |HWi
4 0-47 0.4 7:4« 4.« 1:101 Z61 7:05 4.»
5 li42 0.4 8:34 4.0 2:10 2.0 8:15 8.1
6 2:45 0.4 9:17 5.3 3:00 1.4 9:13 5.3
? 3:26 0.6| 9:56 5.4jlO:16| S.4J 6:10} 5.4
"nOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tae
day except when there are but. three tides, as
sometimes- occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth riven by
the charts. The plane of refareac* U the a***
of the lower low waters.
To-morrow the new battleship Ohio will «;o
In commission and become a part of Uncle
Sam's naval fighting force. Two large barges
towed by the Mare Island tug Unadillawlll
come from the navy-yard with the crew. These
men will be transferred from the receiving
ehlp Independence, and when they board the
battleship with their officers. Captain L. C.
Logan her commander, will read his order of
appointment, the flag will be hoisted and the
Ohio will be a commissioned vessel of tne
The Ohio's executive officer will be Lieu
tenant Commander Wilson W. Buchanan, and
her navigator Lieutenant Commander Martin
A. Anderson.' Captain J. M. Bootes will be
In charge of the marine guard of the vessel.
Her complement will be about thirty officers
and 250 men.
Ohio to Go in gommission.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND OEXETtAI*
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over th* southern por
tion of the Pacific Elope, except for aloof the
California coast and cloudy weather over the
northern. A depression, of alight depth over
lies Northern Montana
The pressure has fallen <yrer the entire coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains.
The temperature has risen slightly over the
southern portion of the Paciflo Slope and
fallen over Washington and Western Oregon.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October S:
. Northern California — Fair Monday, except
foggy along the coast; light weat wind.
Southern California. — Fair Monday; light
west wind. '
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday,
except foggy In the morning- and at night:
llrht west wind.
Loe Angeles and vicinity— Fair Monday;
Usht west wind.
Facramento and vicinity — Fair Monday.
Fresno and vicinity — Fair Monday.
O. H. WQASOT*.
Local Forecaster (temporarily In charge).
From Santa Fe comes a report of the
loss of the gTeat Iron bridge of the
Hock iEland Railroad and much track.
LAS VEGAS. N. M, Oct. 2.— Half the
town of Watrous has been destroyed
by the flood end at least twelve per
sons drowned. Among these are the
three children of J. B. Stevens, Felix
Vmtrael. his wife, two elders and sev
eral children and O. V. Porter. J. B.
Etevcns and bis wife escaped and have
been brought here. They are In a crit
ical condition. Many persons were res
cued from trees and housetops. The
greatest damage was around the Junc
tion of Mora, and Sapello creeke. The
rock crusher, tho great Iron bridge and
cinch track at Watroua were washed
away.
The GaXlinas River formed a new
channel at this place. In the Gallinas
Canyon the dams of the Agua Pura
Company broke, turning a terrific flood
en the city. The Montezuma Hot
Eprlngs track went out In many places.
Half a dozen bridges were destroyed
and the Montezuma bath houses were
partly carried away. The Santa Fe
Ices here la $40,000. The Agua Pura
Company's loss is $15,000. For two
t'.ccks on Bridge street every busi
ness house w&s flooded. The big Ilfeld
brick store was ruined and the big
bridge undermined. Twenty merchants
estimate their losses at from J2000 to
f -iOOO tach.
Gallinas Park is under water and the
trolley line cannot be repaired for two
Xreeks. The race meet to have been
held here next week has been declared
eft
One hundred thousand dollars will
ret cover the loss to the town and the
railroad lots Is eaual to that of recent
foods in Arizona.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2.— Following Judge
Kersten's decision yesterday to permit
the defense in the Iroquois Theater
case to- pursue its motion for a change
of venue to another county, Assistant
Stat's Attorney Barnes has tentatively
decided to abandon for the present the
prosecution of Business Manager
Noonan and Stage Carpenter Cum
mlngs, and. to place Will J. Davis on
trial alone. He will take no definite
steps to this end, however, until he has
conferred with State's Attorney
Deneen and other officials. .
In order to combat the motion for a
change of venue, the State will have
to present many thousands of affida
vits to controvert those submitted by
the defense and the expense attendant
upon such a procedure would be enor
mous, it is said. If the county offi
cials suggest to Barnes that the cost
of the proceeding: should be taken into
consideration, and Deneen does not ob
ject, Noonan and Cummings will be
put in the background and the prose
cution's attention devoted entirely to
Davis.
"If we cannot convict Davis," said
Barnes, "then there will be no use to
try Noonan and Cummings."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
(120th Meridian — Paelfle Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 2— o p. D>
COA3T RECORD.
B K g O n 1
STATIONS. » SHI |g |° S
' : I I : : I
• . ? ; • •
Baker ...,...29.M «0 60 8W Cloudy .(X>
Carson 29.86 74 42 NW Clear .00
Eureka 29.92 66 64 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.78 88 eo SW Clear .00
SE. Farallon .29.84 SS 63 NW Fog .00
Flagstaff ....29.86 70 28 E Pt.Cldy .Oft
Pocatello 29. OO 74 43 8 Clear .<H>
Independence 29.84 7S 5O S Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 8O 78 6fl SW Clear .Oft
Mt. TamalpaK».88 77 e5 NW Clear .00
North Head.. 30.00 .. 60 00
Phoenix 29.78 86 58 "W Cloudy .00
Pt. Reyes Lt.29.78 62 54 N Fo» .00
Portland 29.92 70 62 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff.... 29. 82 83 64 SB Clear .00
Roseburg- ....29.83 80 BO N Cloudy .Ol>
Sacramento ..29.78 M 62 N Clear .00
Salt take 29.92 74 .. NW Clear .«•
San Francisco. 29. 84 78 66 W Clear 706
S. I* Oblspo.. 29.84 74 58 N Clear .00
San Diego ..29.76 72 60 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29.98 68 50 N Clear .00
Spokane 29.76 78 48 SW Clear .00
Tatoosh 62
"Walla Walla.. 29. 78 84 60 W Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca .29.92 76 40 SW Clear .00
Tuma .29.83 M OO BW Clear .OO
Dams Above the City Give
Way and Terrific Bush of
Water From Eiver Eesults
Failure, to Convict .Would
Show Futility of Proceed
ing Against the Others
ACTION IN ABEYANCE
A sample of what a large vessel can
do when she gets off her course and
runs amuck was demonstrated yester
day morning -when the ferry steamer
Encinal from Alameda tried to make
a landing in her slip on this side of
the bay. A fog obscured all objects
in the vicinity and in trying to feel
her way in the boat was caught by
the tide. She drifted south to the next
dock which is. Mission No. 1. The
way the ferry ' steamer mixed it up
with the end of that pier was start
ling. She jammed her sharp prow into
the corner of the wharf and the big
timbers became splinters. Piles were
pushed aside or broken by the impact
and the whole structure that received
the blow was wrecked. The boat con
tinued on and struck the corner of the
wharf shed, smashing the planking of
the partition into : fragments. A small
building near/ by was completely
wrecked and at employe of the wharf
who happened to be within escaped se
rious Injury by Jumping out through
the open door when he saw the steam
er's sharp stem cutting into the struc
ture. Fortunately no person was in
jured, as at that early hour the' wharf
was almost deserted, and the Encinal
backed away and made her landing un
damaged.
FAMILIES WIPED OUT
Wild Torrent Carries Death
and Destruction to Town
of Watrous, ftew Mexico
Cuts Heavy Timbers
and Piles to
Splinters.
Other Prosecutions in the
Iroquois Theater Case
May Go Over for a Time
WILL J. DAVIS
TO BE TRIED
TWELVE LOST
IN THE FLOOD
FERRY STEAMER ENCINAL
WRECKS MISSION WHARF
WEATHER REPORT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1904.
NEVADA COUNTY'S GOLDEN
CLAIM IS SUBSTANTIATED
7THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1904.
8
3USINESS CHAKCE3 — Con tinned.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
o Eddy 6t.. cor. Market and Powell,
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making: own sas: toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to co East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy Bt. .
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California; 50 stalls:
rtnt only $7". rer mo.; well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablishe<i and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy £t.
FOR sale— Several good business propositions
for investors, such as first-class laundry.
Ice cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous to mention: would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. ;
AN Ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city;
7 acres in shrubbery: 22 rooms furnlihed;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent J5O per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun- |
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 per
year: price $2200. For further particulars
eee CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best ha}-, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lumber and cement businesses in
- S. P.; cheap rent; horses and wagons; all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S00 per month; trial given if
desired; part down, balance on CAMERON
& CO. -
MILLINERY store, new stock, rent $90. .$1100
Cigar stand. Mason st.. rent $20 $!<*>
Cigar stand, 7th St.. rent low; sell at invoice.
Drug store, across bay, rent $30 J.50O
Saloon, Folsom, llv. rms., well stocked. .SHOO
Saloon, CFarrell St., license, rent $00 $1500
Restaurant, Third St., well est.. seats 5S..$300
Restaurant, 4th st. rent $22 50, seats 46. .$3-5
Grocery and bar, llv. rms., rent $20 $3.i0
Bak. and ice cream par., wacon route .. $2Zw
General store, 0 living rooms, rent $25.... $000
SAWYER-BLITHEN CO.,
1118 Market st.
$550— GROCERY and delicacy store; doing a,
nice business; clean line of goods, that will
inventory more than the asking price; lo-
cated in desirable part of the city; 3 nice
living rooms; Just the place for a lady, or
man and wife; this Is an exceptional bar-
gain and must be seen to be appreciated.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 406, Examiner Bldg., San Francisco. Cal.
WE Incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unliEted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Elllcott Square.
Buffalo.
AN opportunity is offered to invest not less
than $25,000 in an established wholesale
business. For particulars call on Cushing,
Grant & Cuching,attorneys-at-law,104 Sutter.
GROCERY; rare opportunity; complete: first-
class Btock; ertablished 18 years; large fam-
ily trade: excellent location; low rent; lease.
Apply 027 Market St.. room 621.
WANTED — Man and wife with $1500 to Invest
In a good paying business. Address box
1504. Call office.
YACHTSMEN and business men— All kinds
of drawing and tracing will be done cheap
and exactly. Box 171S. CalL
$5000— GROCERY and bar; residence district,
N. Mkt; low rent; lease; recpts $75 day; snap;
investigate. PAC. BUS. ASS'N. 1148 Mkt.
RESTAURANT for sale in business center of
>the Western A&ditlon; good trade. Box 1540,
Call office.
FOR rale In Hayes Valley — A nicely located
restaurant; an excellent trade. Box 1348,
Call office.
UPHOLSTERING Ftore for sale with stock
and gocd will, as the owner is retiring. 1904
Fi'.l.nore St.. between Bush and Pine.
GOOD paving carriage trimming, harness and
carriage business; barcain, account sickness.
373 Tenth st.. Oakland.
WANTED — A man to buy half Interest in
business: must be experienced in handling
canvassers. Address C. H. G., box 2344, Call.
FOR sale — Nice clean business; will net $100
per month; price $200. Call 4CC^ Thirteenth
St., Oakland.
$1200 WILL buy a clean stock of ladies' and
gents' furnishing goods, notions, etc.; good
location. Address box 2145. Call office.
DRUG store; flrst-class corner; cheap; office
rooms In connection; two years' lease, $30.
J. W. MULLEN. 27 Second st.
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; best location;
quick sale: owner going East; no agents.
Inquire Call office.
GROCERY store. Including notions and ba-
kery, cheap: good business. 1717 Twelfth
st.. Oakland.
A SAFE Investment for man and wife; full
investigation allowed. Address box 1596, Call.
FOR sale — Grocery and delicacy store, at bar-
gain: departure. Apply 2509 Mission at.
CANDY store; will sell to suit buyer: other
business; come make offer. 1427 Market st.
WANTED to buy — A saloon; location must be
good. Box 1270, Call office.
WANTED — Cigar stand. Address, with loca-
tion. *tc, box 1S97, Call office.
FOR sale — Grocery store and bar; good paying
business; suburban town; $1500. 22 First st.
$850 — GROCERY and bar. 945 Bryant: rent
$25; 5 living rooms; good stock; must sell.
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber shop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
BARBERS — Two-chair shop. furnished;
rent cheap. 1501 Broderlck, cor. Post st.
$90 — CORNER cigar store; good stock; rent
$5. Inquire 422 Fourth st.
WANTED — Partner, fine paying grocery and
bar on busy street; $2000. Box 1966, Call.
SALOON for sale; cheap 1 good location; 838
Broadway. Oakland.
$1000 buys 14 interest in cash business; worth
$3000: $400 month net. 30 Geary st.. rm. 9.
EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 ¦ we
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYERS. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
CALIFORNIA School Elocution and Oratory.
Physical Culture — Dramatic readings, mono-
logues, day and evening; class or private. 1
Association bldg., Mason and Ellis.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min.. mech.. sur- ,
vey. assay, cyanide: day. ev.; est. 1864; Van
d*r Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A MOVE to large, sunny quarters, top floor
Majestic building, 1281 Market st. Western
Business ColleKe.
BOOKKEEPING, En«?.. math., etc.; day and
eve.; individual instr. 305 Larkin St.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. .Webster. Prea.
A— GALLAGHER BUSINESS COL-
I LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano; j
beginners & adults: 50c. 2395 Mission, cor.20.
KENT Law School, day and night; send for
particulars. 636 Parrott building. . ¦
1 GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. . Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
feonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. £32 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— —Day" and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman ' Business .College, 345 Halght;
Individual instruc; all branches; day, eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
Gate ave., S. J\ ; 75-page catalog on request. '
CLAinVOYAWTa. J .,.,,, UIJ
ASSURKD HIUVKKM I'Oll YO«i.
Hun. It.-. H ,ttt> UMvit (Mm tut it health. *••<»
lUCk, l.-\... ,1. unroll.' Hllll liuulllnm I r. .lll'ltH.
l>y II)* nM nint .t.tui'a or II10 i-'U'OlT clalr-
vuya.nl, •
t*At'l. liliHTINIt). ,
1 no flr>l i.-, s ui,,,,,,i ii,,n. o tlnlrvoynnl •"•>
t«tiini°i »Ytr in Firtil l l 'f«ltol»'«. -,
III. ti.fttiKf kt\ ...1..11110 Kiln Vfo-k for »l.
U«rtit t'rtiPfullv; . -.r -. A tt tfmtent I'riHHwHUin.
1 >tj(t" Id |i» full ,|tn1a<O
N» fliAtua N» «*»««r««
t'nlroo »..,. eblnln Ut» |Hf8*fBlllflB fOT *¦>'•¦ ••
y-'ti ceniufi iii'it. ,
t \M\ \\#f»U? o • 1. 1 .11. •<•.•" In «iii»r»m««> I"
in«h*> int I'M*** if I fflil In t»l( >•"•<" n»f» a
• tut *li»! jimi nnMl |r« MiflW, I !•»» If H'""
Itntlii, Vtifp »•»: »,,,...|i.i...i |a (Hl» tif fnl* 1 .
wl«.i|H ftttlt fchult kl't» Will ?M'»»rlfl |M to'l. I
Will |«|| cun |t»t.e Uf»> er <jl(ll>HI')»» !••»• *«?
limit »».J Patf (»|l '.Mi|l-*lf| » Will l»tipr»v«
»»»!»¦ ,..,..1111,.., .,« ,,.,, ttiii »*«Hi 111" ••¦•"•I""*
(.xroll.lp ei.,... B ll. U\ !tlMit«t ..-I It-ll1ll» Vl«nf,
t»ti>l linfc l!n( l««ilr«« pii^M* lit Im*!'""*"'
MlitMS; «.>•! *j(»>.tjj«iH..ft I I |m.|.|«mI »i t lM|Mtllll«
lH'W>f tit »•"!»• IIHl|(»» ».1 *r,t| him ftKHltml"
•tut Hi* j'mi >»••!• » HJn Hi* hi\» *«'• '" v "'
l'ti«a »•«.¦!. it>\i>- |«VM Ht* «•••' '•"'•» II""
ii»c> «iu, li.u fit!* »••¦' r*'"iff- i" •>. '"¦ •'! "
l>. iti.j £l»-»»ii *>ti»».i«>- ai«» irFdrtfil ¦»i"~W-
a j'urni'Mej^au ?* >!".!?'.»( it»?'"i'« 'or |l>
Kjhljpm'BiMP* FiMMtfcMW,
tt£\t«ilf»tt £»»!. H*itti*t»ttt| t'flltril'L
>¦ I I all J-iMif ri«M«* ••ut Wlit* ?mi «••»»¦ tnri
wIumh n!ii1 wt«*H »•"! l>i«m»t ii"W l» »»M»v«
tho fclcalrcl 0)1. )¦£.«« (It I, ,(•!....••, | I V'MI
' ||(e, ta|i, |.tir..,.l l,_..lil. "i.bi...||,« iiiMeti'H".
,,|.(ini menial |...i.D, ItHVgtgal .i..., n ii., nvof
i'iiHio fcol, ,1o(.t t.cll.,1 Mr* U'ttlMl I '.toil" Hi"
t'lMVri 1 (if Cl.tllll't III I "•< fit** V'.'H I"" »f '•"•¦ '
imtr hio ,.tio »i.i| vrjalt, o'« •• ¦»i»i lilfMi ««tii'iv«t
nt-niu. evil ii.nitcu..B. 4)«M.i.tn lit family (>T
i.'i'lol a\fa\ia\ Hiiullo II. o ai|i<i 1 al e.J , |u»|..|r.
Itwl ri(T,., 1I..IIJ ..1.1.1,1 n tlMtPr li'lallir.ao |.imI-
llOtt, Of \\\\a\ y.ll n-lali, nlitig I.I |.» nlr, whan
to travel; t tn it i,,,i. i.. vb y.itif m, 11.II1 Inn ami
trll IT llllal.ati.l. nlfo 111 hn ill I. Mr, U III!" ll>
you; I t>.uiiii\...iv inainiiici, tit ii<t»irii niar-
rl«S* Alltl ncmiro ninlilod" Wlllt MM Ot YOUT
I'hoiea; 1 t lvo •ulb'bIIi.ii, <•««, li rlnli-vnyam-o,
•lr\ •¦!.>jt ini-.lliiinalilii, lli.nialil 1 1 iilinrrrr-iiri-,
etc., by mull »;, Hi Mfnio i-.ui. .lay mill every
day, li) to M. kaVIOQ I'll oiinMiUllDii, Invent*
inrnt Mini all mIToIis uf lir«. 1h>7'.«i Market St.
A— I'ltol.*. MAYO,
Th« llrralml l,t\ln 6 A.IllaT on tho
Continent.
Special il«i- week fuiiiifr. r^aillng*. SI; satis-
faction Kturuntedi or no ten accepted. At a
glance, bvfor« you have n chnnce to utter one
word, hn will tell you what you came for; give
names. Uatrs, fails ami flcures; hv tells you
ever}' «lr>h ut your life; liow tn gain success in
love, courtship, marriage and divorce; whether
you will be successful in business affairs; In
fact, no matter what may be your fear, hope or
ambition, call on this gifted man and flnd re-
lief. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood be-
fore you. He will send you away happier,
wiser and bolder than before. He tells you
everything — good or bad: you hear the truth
and nothing but the truth.
All business confidential.
421 Ellis st.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8, p. m.. daily and Sunday.
MME. M. BERNARD — THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the future; If you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles, consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4369.
A — Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress, The Vendome, 1104
Market St., San JTancisco. Office hours — 10
a. ra. to S p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm.:
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card
reader; readings, 25c; 2 to 0 p. m. 512
Jessie st. •
MME. MARSBAU. card reader; ladles 25c.
gents t<Oc. B45 Minna st.
, MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. Cth; open Sun.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c ud. 612}i Eddy st.; no sign.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis at. -•
SPIBITTTAXISM.
MOVEI>— Mrs. J. J. Whitney, clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. St. Kath-
ryn, 480 Ellis st., corner Leavenworth, room
221; no signs.
MRS. LESTER — Circle; 8 p. m. ; 10c; readings
dally. 43 Sixth St.? .
DEAD trance medium; genuine, unique, suc-
cessful. 325 Ellis st.
C.MATO STEERS ;phychlc readings by mall $1.
3568 17th St.. San Francisco: tel. Capp S5C.
CARPET BEATiyo am p J^E AWTKO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Worke, 1S0O Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
CONKLING'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.— First-clase
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel, Mission 74.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
treaces nyirie over. 1432 Howard-.tel.South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter «t.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
"RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison Et.: tel. Mission 263.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 60c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old places made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllllngs,25c.
GOLD fllllng9, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2: no
pain -.open Sundays. DrA. C.Hewitt, 204 Sutter.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
at. to 580 Geary st.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.14. 1st
floor, Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlstte. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. Cth.
DRESSMAKERS AOTP SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
FINKELSTEIN, 410 Ellis— Ladles' tailor suits
to order; on installm'ts If desired; reas; call.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5281.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. "NATIONAL.'' B09 Hearst bld.
A- — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell st. ; tel. Main S752.
I JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl,mgr.,tel.Bush 858.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main, 5188.
CHINESE and Japnnese help: estab. 2O years.
Tel. Main 1OT7. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
' jSMTOOTOBarT WAOTEP-jrailtALE.
REFINED woman (good cook) and daughter
; want home near school; reasonable wages;
references; no fakers. 934 Folsom st., near
¦ Sixth. V .
STEADY, . competent person wishes a position
to. do general housework ¦ in small family;
' wages $20.' 130 Page, bet. Gough and Octavla.
WISH a position as cook In a private family.
Call 2023 Flllmore st.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a position
for ! second work. Please call 628 Harrison
• st., near First. - •, . - * ¦
DRESSMAKER, .experienced. - grood cutter and
fitter, would like a few more engagements
-¦¦- by the day; terms reasonable.* Box 2155. CalL
GOOD . washer and I lroner ¦ wants a ' few more
-* engagements ' by the 'day 'or half « day; good
references given. Box 2138. Call office.
THE 3^ CALL
IOI IX D. SPREj^^LS^^^Proprietor
Address' Communications to
VvTj. MAltTIX. nusin<^g_>lanager
TULEl'HONE.
A*k for IBE CALL. The Operator $ Con-
nect You With the Department \ou Wish.
R c2^ e :;:^^^ a s^^cl £
Slivered by Carrier*. £0 Ct*. Per r w *f k - " 5
Cu,. P«r Month. Sincle Copies -<- "_. tn
•Teran by Mall. Including Poeta^e iCash »n»
Order): *« Oft
DAILY CALL (ir.ciud. Bttnday). I r«». • ¦*'• ¦
DAILY CALL Oactad. Sunday). 6 rnos... 4^
DAILY CALL— By Single Month n '^
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Y*ar fj^
FOREIGN ! £. ndVv 4 IS I er Tear Kxtra
POSTAGE. \ \CfX\Y 1 00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS "ARE a .V7v<? RIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS
Catrple Cciits wflJ be forwarded re-
quested. f M
Mail ftbfcribers :n ordering cna V? e h °i-^4,-
*res« *hou!<I be particular to give both >f-"
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to lnsjr e a
prompt and correct cotasllance with tneir re
cuest-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
2016 Broadway Telephoa* Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone Norta 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAUCEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TCRK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Bre?"^*.
Union Squar*; Murray Hill Hotel; Filth-avenue
Hotel and HoSrcan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ffcerinan House; P. O. News C°-^,,"!**i
Northern Hotel: Tremcnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palrr.er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marq^ette Bu!!3m»;.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619. I
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 'M Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
coratr Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every tight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
2006 Market unti, opposite Fifth; open until
11 P- m.
C27 Montgomery street, ccrner Clay; open until
fc:30 p. m.
SO'} Hayes Ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
UfJ McAllister street; cpen ustll 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until S:30 p. m.
1&41 Mission ttrett; open until 10 p. m.
JOti Eleventh ttreet: open until 9 p. m.
1C1»6 Valencia street: open until 8 p. m.
Kortr.eatt corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
S2'X» Flllmore ttifet: cpen until 9 p. m.
MEETIgQ NOTICES.
AFTLUM cf Gc'.Or. Gate Comrr.ar.dery . jfa.
No. 16. K. T.. C25 Sutter st.— Stated WT
assembly THIS EVENING at S fc£
o'ejo-rk. All fraters are courteously in-
vitcd. Ev crdfr ol the cotr.rr.andpr.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. I. Itnyal ft
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. JtyT
Business and derate 4. />r\
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22 F. and «
A. M.. THIS (MONDAY) EVENING "VVf
at 7:30 o'clock. Stated mw-ting. /V\
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
HERMANN Lodge- No. 12T. F. and A- Q
M— Stated meeting THIS DAY <Mon->£Vf
<iay). October 3. 1004. at 7:30 p. m. />r>
By order cf the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
THE regular monthly
0! California Pioneers '¦¦rfJS^^a
A full attendance is
requested. J. I. SPEAR, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived api-lication to mine by fcydrau'.lc pro-
cess from E. J. Gordon and P. McElroy. in
Mess«-r Mine, near Mountain House. Piumas
County. Cal.. draining Into Spanish Creek.
•which reaches Feather River, gives notice
that a meeting to receive any protests will
t>e he!d at room 96, Flood building San
Francieco. Cal., October 17, 1904, at 1:30 p.m.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting.— Notice Is hereby
riven thst the annual meeting of the stock-
r-clders of the Bank cf California will be held
at the baokinr-house in this city on TUES-
DAY. October 11. 1904. at 11 o'clock a. m.
By crder cf the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United State? or Canada one year for Si.
J; AGENTS WASTES.
HOLIDAY books; samples ready; best lines-
a!l publishers: hett line ot eubscriptlon
book?; best terms; agents and canvassers
wanted every county an<l town. THE J
DEWING CO.. Flood building, S. F.
AGENTS wanted to sell an article that every
family needs; M) per cent profit. Call 33*0
Giant ave., uriFtairs.
FIRST-CLASS solicitors can make big money-
new line; Ifgitlmate. Room 409, Grant bldg.
AGENTS wanted on good proposition. 488
Parrott builiinjc: hours 10 to 4.
INKI.ESS fountain rx>n«; cample I5c; dozen
tl y>: retails I'.V. FIFLD CO.. 119 Bush »t.
1 ATTOBITEYS-AT-I.AW.
R. W. KING. Attorney-al-Law. Exam. bldg..
Cth floor; entrance room 611; established i!9
I years; all courts, central court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consul ta-
lion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free on all kcal matters; divorces a
BpeciaSty; private, quick; no pay in advance;
mining comp-TniPS orRiuiized; patents obtained
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Ma.fcet Z ; ettab. 1-2 "re!
AAA— DIVORCE DOStS. J12; quick, quiet.
Advice free; all law business.
No charge IWlim successful.
1005 Market yt.. cor. Seventh, room 419.
AA — Divorce; costs $12; quick.quiet;ad vice Tree-
all law business; no < harse unless success-'
fnl: open evenings. 927 Market Ft., room 3ul.
ADVICE fr*e; divorce corts $12: no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r. 33.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: quick, quiet";
all law business; no charge unless succe*s-
ful; op^n evenings. 927 Market, room 2O4.
W. Matthews. 632 Market; consultation free"
private and confidential; no advance fees;
collections, mechanics' liens, tenants ejected.'
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: quick, quiet-
no ?ee« In advance; all law business ' Even-
mps. 7 to 9. r. 4C3 Parrott bldg.. 805 Market.
ADVICE free. Columbian Law and Collection
Agency, room S5. 91g Market; tel. John 6226.
PATENTS. American and foreign. SONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine Ft.. 6th floor.
L. 6. CLARK. S»27 Market, room 304; consults^
tion free; no fees In advance: open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tho Weekly Calf
16 r»are». in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year."
j AUTOMOBILES.
FOR tale — Cadillac automobller^l903~modeT
•pecially equipped with Fisk double-tube
tires, acetylene headlight, complete set tools;
absolutely fin-t class; owner gone East Ia-
Cjuire R. M. PIKE. 1107 Front st.
WANTED to buy — An automobile in good
condition: gtate price atked. rtoi 1759. Call.
l-OCOMOEILK. 10- horsepower; 2 neats; In
good running order. Call 473 Valencia st.
ASTHMA CURE.
DI NOLA'S Arthtaa Remedy relieves Instantly-
10c, 25c. 60c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas:
also Wlshart, lQth and Washington. Oakland.
'¦¦'.-'_-_¦/;'; BIKDS, DOGS, ETC.
HARTZ Mountain canaries & African gray par-
rots. ic»t received. A. C Robtson. 333 Kearny.
; ¦ > CIiOTHnrQ HE NO VATINO.
FUITF cleaned and pressed. SI; scouring and
dyeing. Bon March*. Examiner bldg.. r. 410-
Enon Drmnm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenant* ejected for $4; coli^cUonirmadT;
city or rouutry. Pacific Collection Co. 415
Moutconiery st.. rooms 3-10. TeL Main 65S0.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $20i.-0: CORNER grocery and bar. with
living-rooms ; rent S-JJ: best location on Mis-
sion tt. ; plaoe t-stablished years; fresh stock:
value in sight and a good paying store. See
R. O. WILKE, 20Vi Kearny st.
A— $VjO; CANIjT. ice cream and tamale par-
lor on Devisadero st. and 3 nice furnished
rooms; rent $1'5: a bargain; o»wr sacrifices,
as ho rr.UFt leave the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2G 1 ;, Kearny st.
A — $U"<00: saloon, with 10 year*' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.; rent $2.V); return rent $17o;
place doing good business: full value In sight;
a preat bargain. See R.G.WILKE,20VjKearny.
A — $5<XX»: roadhouse and grocery, with C acres
of land; house of 4 room*, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.: monthly income $1*<K>: one of the
be« business projierties; about 73 miles from
cily. See R. G. WILKE. 2tHj Krarny st.
A — $16C0; cigar etand, corner, choicest and best
location in this city; rent $40; large stock of
leading brands; will nearly invoice the price.
See R. G. WILKE. 26ft Kearny s^
A — $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-clais paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 2t>Vj Kearny St.
A— $1500: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; close
to 4 theaters; rent $100; well established
businefs; full value in sight; a rare chance,
fcee R. G. WILKE. 2C\± Kearny St.
A— $6500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses. 11 hacks. 1 coupe. IS bug-
gies, harnesses, etc.; 29 steady boarders; sta-
bie doing a flrat-class payitg business; rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>4 Kearny st.
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 3'J beds, 00 boarders; line barroom
with good trade; close to depot; In lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars K. G. WILKE. 2tj>3
Kearny St.
A — $2500; SUMMER and winter resort across
the bay; beautiful beer garden; house of 20
rooms; 2 bars, pavilion 102x50 feet, merry-
go-round, etc.; lease 4 years; rent $50; pa-
vliicn sublet every month for $100; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st.
A — $050: CORNER saloon, with 5 years' lease;
very best location and a good paying busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE, 20'j Kearny st.
A— $1000; BAKERY: best location in the Mis-
sion; rent J15; all Etore trade; baking l'.i
barrels per day; 4 year?" lease; <i living
rooms, t-ee R. G. WILKE, 2t>^ Kearny st.
A — $900; CORNER saloon on Fourth St.; rent
$3o; living: rcoms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE,
2tS>j Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; * nice living rooms; rent $25,
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market et. Call R. G. WILKE. 26ft
Kearny st.
A — $1*00; CORNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the best lo-
cation." in this city; rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE, 204 Kearny st.
A— $2600; HOTEL In 6an Mateo County; 2S
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
hcrse, wagon and 3 cows; 6-year lease. See
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny St.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar en Fulton
street; rent $W>; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $l'sCO; a well established and
flrst-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2G' 3 Kearny st.
X — $800: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place dolsg a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26ft Kearny.
REALTY EXCHANGE CO..
F. A. BARR, MGR.,
SUITE S07 and SOS. CALL BUILDING.
UNEQUALED OPPORTUNITY.
OVER $12,000 ANNUAL NET PROFIT.
ONLY $15,000 CASH REQUIRED.
REMAINDER PURCHASE PRICE CAN BE
PAID OUT IN NET PROFITS.
OVERCROWDED WITH WORK AND NOW
DOING A MONTHLY BUSINESS OF OVER
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS.
Can be increased to $15,000 monthly by
investing a few thousand dollars in additional
machinery.
Best reasons for selllnc.
THIS OPPORTUNITY CANNOT BE DU-
PLICATED IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NO CURIOSITY SEEKERS WANTED, BUT
parties with capital and meaning business can
obtain full particulars from
THE REALTY EXCHANGE CO..
Suite S07 and 808 Call Building.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
STOREROOM with fixtures in very prominent
location on Market et. ; with lease 2ft years
to run. with privilege of renewal; will sell
lease and fixture* with or without stock;
cheapest rent on Market st. for location.
J. W. JAQUITH. 1312 Market St.. rooms
41S-419; telephone Folsom 3468.
ROOMING-HOUSE of 40 rooms, well fur".
nished. doing an excellent business; furni-
ture and lease for sale; good reasons for
selling. Apply quick to J. A. BONHAM &
SON, Reno, Nev.
PLANING mill at Sparks, the growing rail-
road town; does business of $3000 per month:
real estate, building, machinery and good
will for, sale; rare chance for right parties.
Write to J. A. BONHAM & SON. Reno.
Nev.
FOR sale — "Snap" for a dentist if taken at
once; well established practice; good in-
come; fully equipped office; five completely
furnished rooms for housekeeping, adjoining
office, which can be used for dentistry If
desired; private entrance: party going away.
Address 1353 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$4000 — MERCANTILE business In big payroll
town. Northern California; clothing, furnish-
ing goods, shoes, etc.; pays about $3000 year;
owner has large estate here to attend to;
rare opportunity. Particulars of ROTH-
ERMEL & CO., 507 California st.
WANTED — Hustler with ability to sell candy
on salary: $15 to $30 per week; must have a
little money to become a member of co-
operative corporation under California laws.
Apply Immediately, KELLER CANDY CO.,
477 Seventh St., Oakland ;branch San Francisco
THE real estate businers of FRANK P. LEE,
located at 911 Broadway, bet. »<th and 9th
sts., Oakland, together with full office equip-
ment, counters, desks, safe, typewriter, etc.,
is for sale. Any one interested will kindly
call at above address for further particulars.
SALOON — Must be sold; make offer; be quick;
before Tuesday. See BERG, 31S Kearny.
$600— Restaurant, north Market, near Kearny;
stands Invew.: rent $60. BERG. 318 Kearny.
$lf>0 — PARTNER; need partner more than
money; call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
FOR sale — In Rot-kiln. Cal., railroad terminal
the business and good will of a flrst-class
restaurant and rooming house of 14 rooms;
best location in town; call and investigate
on premises. MRS. MARY HOLM, Rocklin.
FOR cale— Eighth interest In new steam
schooner; oil burner; one of the best boats !
on the coast; is paying 15 per cent net. For
particulars address MRS. J. H. MAN'S-
FIELD, Redwood City, CaL
ENERGETIC party with $500. willing to work
can secure working Interest In staple manu-
facturing business; $25 week; Inside work;
oversee help, make shipments etc.- refer-
encfs. 247 Fifth Bt.
INVEST your money tn wife, legitimate busi-
ness enterprise: big returns; no mining or
I get-rlch-quick scheme; legitimate and hon-
est; "« write for particulars. FREDERICK
SOUND PACKING CO.. 436 Crossley bldg.
A GOOD watchmaker or optician can secure
space in new jewelry etore; room about com-
pleted at 320 San Pablo ave. Addres« or
inquire at 1264 Franklin st. J. H. Wlfson.
BARBER SHOP— 2 chairs, bath-, complete, flx-
turei. worth $200; $S rent, lease. Insurance,
all for $150; trade O. K. See PATTERSON
£73 Market st. '
RESTAURANT— Choice location and clearing
$1.5 per month: will be cold at a sacrifice
on account of departure; trial and terms
given.* Particulars address box 2326, Call.
WANTED— Young man to take an Interest In
established cash business that will clear to
each $80 per month; permanent place; cash
capital required. $250. 632 Market Bt., r. 6.
HOTEL and bar. $650, worth $1200;~factory
dist.; 1500 employed: 16 well fur. roms; can
accommodate SO; house full; rent $38; long
I^ase. HEDGES. 509 Parrott bldg.
WANTED — Competent business man with abil-
ity and some money as director of substan-
tial company: ground-floor proposition. Box
2305. Call office.
$100— HONEST man partner tn a good paying
1 business; can make $80 mo. 1130 ilrkl., r. 2.
EMKiOYXSEirT WAKTEP— Molft— Coa.
CHINESE cook. Icr.jr experience, wishes posi-
tion in privata family as cook; wages n^t
below $4O; references; satisfaction. Call S.
L. L.. 7U1 Clay st.
A RELIABLE man wants position as nlsrht
watchman; references. Address I. B., 7itt
Folsom st.
GENTLEMAN nurse would like tare of in-
valid: best references. Box 1414.. Call office.
Oakland.
JAPANESE grod cock wanta a portion ia
small family: wages $0 up. C27'i California.
JAPANESE boy wants half -day work in fam-
ily. K. XUMA. 405 Post st.: wagon «5 wwsy
STATIONARY engineer wants employment;
good references. . Box 23<W, Call office.
A GOOD Chinese cook wants position. Ad-
dress JIM. 717 Commercial street.
A JAPANESE boy wishes housework In nies
family. S. M.. 533 ICth st.. Oakland.
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position
in small family. J. K.. 710 Washington st.
COMPETENT shipping clerk desires a posi-
tion; 12 years experience. Box 2314. Call.
A BRIGHT young Japanese college graduats
wants position as elevator boy in hotel or
lodging-house; has good experience and
speaks good English. Address box 2231. Call.
JAPANESE couole want Heady position la
nlc« family; counfry preferred; man to co<^k.
wife a-enerai housework. Y. S.. cars l>r.
Utaurol. 05.1 Webster st., Oakland.
A NICE and henest Japanese young man. who
upeaks excellent English, wants any kind 0!
position from 8 to 12 a. m. : out room, out
meal. VICTOR, 725 Geary St.. city.
JAPANESE, flrst-class cook, wants position:
private family; has good. references.
ENAMOT. 703 Larkin St.. tel. Polk 37S2.
A NICE young Japanese wants position as
school boy or houseworker; speaks EnsU&X
BHINSHI. 810% Stockton st.
A JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work or as schoolboy; no respect to ¦wage*.
D. HOIIIDA. 558 Stevenscn at.
A FAITHFUL Japanese wishes position as
school boy or to do housework la small
family. S. OGAWA, 514 Pine st.
A YOUNG Japanese wants position as valet:
speaks English well. TAKA FUJII, 1210B
Lark!h st.
Al JAPANESE cock desires position as cook ra
respectable family; has good recommenda-
tions. KAMKICHI. 20 Lewis place.
A JAPANESE boy wants situation at house-
work; can cook. GEO. D. YABUNCHI. 132S
Polk st.. plwne Polk 4011.
JAPANESE boy wants position as school boy.
Address 703 Larkin st. ; tel. 3782 Polk.
PI.AT3 TO I.ETT
A— HOCSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
serrice abeolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will sava you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 213-239 Geary
*t.. en the sQuars.
RARE CHANCE — New 5-room flat near Park:
sun all day; rent $23 HO; tenant going East;
new furniture for *ale. purchaser to hav*
benefit of money paid; dishes, tinware and
stove: mahogany parior furniture; body Brus-
sels carpets, etc.; great bargain. Apply
Monday. STERLING FURNITURE CO.. 1039
Market st.
TO let— New middle flat, on the. east side of
Stelner st.. 1C30. between Golden Gate av«.
and McAllister St.. containing 8 rooms and
bath; rent $45 per ma; water free; owner
on premises from 1 to 3 p. m.
CALL and see the new flats at 400-402-404 Lo-
cust st.. near Sacramento; 6 and 7 rooms and
bath; rent reduced. Apply MADISON A
BURKE.
NINETEENTH. 4012, NW. comer Noe. block
to Castro and Eighteenth st. cars — Lovely,
new. upper 5-rocm modern flat; storeroom;
must be seen, etc.; $23; water frea.
A— SIXTH ave.. 757— Upper sunny flat; •
rooms; Golden Gate Paxk all night cars.
SPECK & CO.. £09 Montgomery.
EDDY, 1.149 — Upper bay-window Cat. T rooms)
and bath; $33 SO; house newly painted; water
free.
$16— LOWER sunny 6-roomed flat, bath; yard.
basement; 25 Lloyd St.. bet. Scott and Da-
visadero. Waller and Duboee.
GEARY. 1028. bet. Polk and Van Ness — Ele-
gant new middle flat; 8 rooms and 6; must
be seen to be appreciated: rent reasonable.
MISSION, near Twentieth — Strictly up-to-dat«
flats; bays front, sides and rear; 7 rooms;
rent $35. Apply 12S Chattanooga st.
$22 50— LOVELY flat: 5 rooms; all modern and
sunny; yard and cellar; grand vierw; water
free. 73G Dolores st.. cor. Liberty.
$25 — LOVELY flat: 6 rooms; all modern and
sunny: yard and cellar; grand view; water
free. 734 Dolores st.. cor. Liberty.
$30 — LOVELY Cat: 7 rooms; all modern and
sunny; water and hall gas free. S74A Valen-
cia St.. near Twentieth.
BARGAIN — Leaving city; furnished Cat of 4
rooms; rent. $10: 30 Lasgton St., bet. How-
ard and Folsom.
SEVENTH ave.. 63. near Lake st.— Cozy lower
flat of 6 rooms: Eddy-st. car one block:
$22 50.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms and bath; par-
ties leaving for the East. Apply flat C, 513
Larkin st.
S ROOMS and bathroom; sunny bay-window
flat; 1710 Washington, near Polk; rent very
reasonable.
TWENTY- SECOND. 3554. near Dolores— Flv»
rcoms, bath; $15.
CENTRAL, modern flats; 5 rooms, bath. 1014
and 1030 Sacramento st., above Powell.
CAPP. 887. near Twenty-fourtli — Modern S-
tonm house: bath; sun all day.
CENTRAL ave.. Twi con Page st. — Lower
flat; 6 rooms and bath; rent. $37 50.
ELEGANT sunny Cat; 7 rooms and bath; rent
$40. 1608 Larkin gt.. near Clay.
LEAVENWORTH. 1C39 — Flat of 5 rooms and
bath; near California: rent reduced.
NEW lower flat of 6 rooms. 1523 Treat avs.;
$20; key In grocery.
A NEW style flat; 6 rooms and b.; elec lights,
rent $30. 1579 Oak st. cor. Masonic ave.
POST. 1655 — Six rooms and bath; upper flat:
rent reasonable.
3797 SEVENTEENTH st., corner of Sanches.
six sunny rooms, bath. $27 50; water free.
TO LET — 2 flats. 2410 Harrison St.. between
Twentieth and Twenty- first.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 119 Montgomery st.
IT.ATB TO I.ET— -rXTBlTISHEP.
FURNISHED flat, 8 rooms and bath: Just
built; N. E. corner: strictly modern; Turkish
rugs, mahogany and weathered oak furniture.
Phone Larkin 671 or address box 2327. this
office^
TO LET— Partly furnished noddle flat of nva.
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. Appty
dally between 1:30 and 5 p. m.. 7D Soutb
Park.
A NICELY furnished flat of 3 rooms and bath:
centrally located: rent $15. Inquire o* BO-
VEi:. TOY A CO.. 117 Montgomery st.
COLE. 410. fronting panhandle. 2 blocks from
Park entrance — Sun all day tn every room:
8 rooms and bath; can be seen from 11 to 2.
THREE sunny rooms wltb bath; new and
modern; have to be seen to be appreciated;
cpen dally. 972 Eddy st.
HANDSOMELY fur. modern flats. 4. 5 and 9
r. : tun; rent reaa.; 2 to 5 p. m. 434 Bartle't.
MODERN 9-room sunny flat; rent $42 50;
water free; furnishings at a bargain. 173
Oak at.: call between 10 and X
CHARMING sunny corner *lx-rooro flat: per-
manent roomers pay $15 over rent. 494
Eddy st.
Me A LLI ST ER. 1340— Elegantly ' furnished »-
room flat. Apply mornings.
$275— FLAT: seven rooms and- bath: four
rooms rented. :US Hayes st.
COMPLETELY furnished flat of 8 rooms and
bath; all sunny. 7 Hyde st.
TO let — I furnished h-;usefceep!ri- rooms. Call
between 9 snd 12. '2 and 5. 145ti Grove st.
PLATS POX SALE.
PINE. TJT2 — Fine, sunny rocma and bath; cent,
. . S25; <*uick s*ie , , . ;
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Pcm»le— Con
RESPECTFUL Finnish girl would like situa-
tion In American family; is a good cook;
wagea $30 and over. Please call at 13 Hope-
ton terrace, bet. Powell and Stockton sts.,
off Washington.
I>Itl>'f!MAKER — Coat* and ladies' tailored
mum. evening gowns; cutter and fitter; only
flrat-claita work done; work done at home;
«!nK«Keni«nti« per day or week; no xign.
M1MH 1IAHSS. Sherman House. 28 Eighth.
WANTKI) — Hy a competent woman position as
iiianngffr or housekeeper In private family,
ioilglng or apartment house, or charge of a
dUilngroom. Phon« Jessie 4921, 10 to 12 m.,
tit 'i \n 4:H'» p.m.; references.
YOUNO Oerman woman with child 3 years
old wlahra cltu.itlon as housekeeper; best
tmlrrrnem. . Address or call at 45 South Sixth
»(., Han Joae. Cal.. MRS. HELENA
tKWMlPT.
A r'MANi'i: ''apnMr, experienced stenograph-
rr, 1 ••ni r*lly located; who has spare time.
w..ul>l Ilk* doiix outslda work; copying or
rtirinini; own* marhln*; charges reasonable.
tin li'VJ. Call effle*.
A r <">i • n 1 : woman wlahe* a situation to do
eru.rai hnu**work in a small family; flrst-
iilmi* rrf«r»fi'->-». IVjx 2073, Call offlc*.
fill AT colored Rngllih woman withes house-
work In a flnt>cU*a family; goo4 cook. Box
ISM, Call office.; tel. Folsom 2708.
WANTED— Position a* bookkeeper, stenog-
rapher or raahlar by young lady with expe-
rience. Addresa M. 11.. box 2141. Call Offlca.
|#A!>Y bookkeeper and stenographer wants po*
sit Ion; have had six years' experience; can
furnish reference*. Box 2203, Call offlc«.
TOUNO lady (German). pUys piano, desires
position as governess or companion. Box 99.
Call office.
A GIRL wanta situation to do second work or
ciicral housework; city references. 2014
Flllmore tt.
DRESSMAKING In families; ladles' tailor-
made suits and evening dresses; only flrst-
class work done. 1237 Webster st.
A YOUNG lady manicurist would like a posi-
tion in a tirst-class barber shop. Box 2334,
Call offlrt.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing or
house cleaning; $1 EO and carfare. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
RESPECTABLE girl desires general house-
work. Call at 612 Octavia, St.. nr. 'McAl-
lister.
YOUNG lady wishes place to assist children's
studies. 417 Van Ness ave.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper; no ob-
jection to country. 14 Le Roy place.
SMALL girl would take care of baby. Apply
4CSB Minna at.
YOUNG woman would like to> do light house-
work. Apply 20 Washington ave.
POSITION as waitress. Apply 27 Clara sC
A YOUNG German woman would like to do
housework. Kox 2078. Call office.
GOOD, reliable woman wishes position as
housekeeper. Box 1590. Call office.
EXPERIENCED typewriter and stenographer
desires position. Box 212C, Call office.
: SITUATION wanted by flrst-class German
cook for private parties. Box 2387. Call.
A FRENCH laundress wishes laundering to do
at home: open air dry. Phone Page 7931.
LADY with a boy. age 15, wishes work la
country. Address' box 2340. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes washing
and mending. Phone Page 7831.
GIRL wishes rositlon as maker In millinery;
$3 50 to $4 a week. Adurt.s box 2152. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
EMPLOTHIirr WAJTTEP— MAM.
WANTED — Position to milk cows, tsnd horses
or take care of place; references. Address
GEORGE WOLLAP, Dominican Sisters,
Twenty-fourth and Guerrero stsu
COLLECTOR — Situation wanted by a man of
several years' experience; will furnish best
of reference and bond if necessary. Address
box 2222, Call office.
WATCHMAN— Day or night; situation wanted
In city or country by a sot>er and reliable
man: can furnish best of reference and bond,
if necessary. Box 2331, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes 4 or 5 hours' employment
after 7 p. m. ; not afraid to work. Box 2228,
Call office.
GARDENER, single, mldle-aged. Uf» experi-
ence in greenhouse work, wants situation.
C. B.. box 222T. Call office.
HOTEL clerk — Situation wanted In city or
j country by an experienced man; will furnish
best cf references. Address box 23C0. Call.
YOUNG man would like to learn stove repair-
ing. Box 1797. Call office.
HEAD waiter; 5 years' experience In Eastern
hotels; best references. Box 2325, Call office.
A GOOD barber wants steady work: city or
country; state wages. Box 2329, Call office..
WANTED — By a reliable married man a po-
sition as working foreman on a stock, grain
or fruit ranch; wife will cook for a few men;
understand stock and ranch work in all its
branches; thoroughly capable of taking full
charge. Address box 231S. Cal lofflce.
BOOKKEEPER wants set of books that will
take about 2 or 3 hours each day; or would
take large set and give full time; has good
references. Address Bookkeeper, 407 Thir-
tieth st.
SITUATION wanted by young man 22 years
of age as elevator operator; S years experi-
ence as same and best of references; speaks
English and German; must have work right
away. Address box 2G57. Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detailer. 18 years' experience mining
power plants, factories, wants work. Box
1900. Call office.
STEWARD with flrst-class Eastern references
wants a position, city or country; hotel or
restaurant. Box 2132, Call office.
GARDENER; life experience in greenhouse
and landscape work; able to take charge of
big vlace; wishes a situation; good refer-
ence*. Address A. W.. box 2345, Call office.
SOBER, steady and Industrious young Swedish
man wishes position as watchman or alt
around man in wholesale house or freight
house. Address F. MOOR. 1188 Harrison st.
A SITUATION wanted to take care of private
place by a reliable man; understands garden-
Ing, care of horses and milking; good refer-
ences. Box lt>96. Call office.
A STEADY and sober man wants position in
wholesale liquor house to deliver goods and
take orders, or solicit: good references. Ad-
dress 723 York st.
MIDDLE-AGED man, German, Al gardener
In all its branches; sober and willing; able
to take charge of gentleman's place; wife a
gooJ cook; only 2 In family. Box 2014. Call.
MAN and wife, young, want positions with
good family; man experienced coachman,
wife a good cook; $60; first-class references.
Box 2139. Call office. ™"
GERMAN butcher wishes situation In meat
market, pork or delicatessen store, C
EBERHAKD, 267 San Jose ave.
AN intelligent Japanese ' wishes a position to
wait on table In morning and evening. Ad-
dress 1727 Green st.
CHAUFFEUR, reliable and steady, wants posi-
tion driving private automobile; also to care
for same. Box 2398. Call office.
MAN and wife wish work, man as coacAman
-. or gardener ; wife good cook or do house-
work; both wait on table. Box 2381. Call.
A RELIABLE young man of 24 desires a good
permanent situation: can furnish best of
references. Box 2293. Call.
EXPERIENCED moving picture and stereop-
tlcon operator; expert electrician; best of city
references. Box 22C6. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS baker on cake and bread de-
sires a situation in country: state wages
Box 2275. Call office.
SMALL contracts, general jobbing, by a com-
petent carpenter: cottages especially. A M
3475 Nineteenth st.. city.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school
boy In small family:' understands cooking
and housework. T. IMAI. 539 Stevenson st.
YOUNG man desires position in any kind of
store with small wasres. for while till learn
.the business. Address 315 Fourth st.
. ; — -i
A -YOUNG man desires position In any kind of
store with- small wages to start; well edu-
caUd. Address SIB Fourth sU
JCODOHTG-HOTJSES TOR 3AI.E.
A — CAMEKON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 room*: cheap rent; 2 years' lease:, fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now '. $200 per month; if run
transient can clear S30O to $350 per month :
here Is best proposition in city. -'
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
26 rooms: new and elegantly f urnlshed ; %>n
Eutter; paying a handsome rroflt on Invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only $5 5O per room: lf>««
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern ho«m»i
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chano* ot
lifetime to get flrst-claes house that U clrftr*
Ing $350 to $4o0 at bargain; owner cbllfdl t«
leave for'EuroDe to settle an estate; in*k*
offer; exclusively wltb us.
90-room, new, modern 2 and S room apart-
ment-house; oheap rent: meet . elecantiy
equipped In city: 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account sickness,
<5 rooms; rent only $125; flrst-cla»» location!
well furnished and good running order: clear* ,
Ing now over $200 per month: always full: be*t
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
l$0 rooms; frrand, new. modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fln« lease; paying- $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
60 rooms; new, modern building: elegantly
furnished; close In; full of flrst-class people;
clearing a handsome profit: fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date bouse reasonable; sickness..
24 rooms; rent $145; netv and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
18 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; alawys full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
80 rooms; newly furnished throughout: five-
year lease; downtown; fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
0-room flat: rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
12S rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $50o to S600 per month; must sell on
account of other, business; only with ui.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month: every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent: very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city: make an offer.
84 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In fine shat>e; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; raduced to $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on band.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD.
IF YOU HAVE A LITTLE MONEY AND
If you are drawing a salary
WHY DON'T YOU SEE
MARION GRIFFIN T
ROOM 406 EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market sts., tel. Black 3607; hotels and
rooming-houses for eale. WE GUARANTEE
GOOD TITLES.
SNAP on sunny side of street, near Leaven-
worth; 8 rooms; $150 down and $150 in pay-
ments: rent $35; think it over.
MARION GRIFFIN.
NORTH of Market— $400 down; elegantly fur-
nished; would you like to put $75 In the
bank every month? It you have $400 to pay
down MARION GRIFFIN/ will back vou for
the balance and put you in possession of
such a 24-room house. 1
NEW AND MODERN, hard-finished house of
75 rooms; NEW AND MODERN hardwood
furniture; fine Axmlnster and plush car-
pets; hot and cold water and electric light
In each room.
RENT $160— LONG LEASE.
Clears about $300 monthly; exact book ac-
counts are kept; price $5000.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECULATORS, if you have a thousand to
Invest, we can show you a 35-room house
that clears £95 monthly; we can cell It for
11500; we back you with $500. to be re-
turned to us in payments.
TO SUIT YOU.
Furnishinrs are new and clean; rent $45;
price was S2500 and it's worth $2500 AS A
BUSINESS OR SPECULATION.
MARION GRIFFIN.
DEATH of owner causes sale .of a 30-room
house, 3 block north of Market; very finely
furnished; immense transient trade; make
offer.
MARION GRIFFIN.
ALL OUTSIDE ROOMS.
GUARANTEED INCOME $220 monthly:
expenses $98; POSITIVE PROFIT $122; cen-
trally located; 23 rooms; rent $3 50 per
room; price $1500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECTLY APPOINTED: new and mod-
ern: 60 rooms; centrally located; elegantly
furnished: electricity for elevator and lights:
8-year-lea»e; hot water in each room; ail
single rooms; roomers mostly business men;
profit $351 monthly; you can pay $2000 down*
WE ARRANGE BALANCE FOR YOU.
MARION GRIFFIN.
BY INVESTING $200 and paying 6 per cent
per annum on Mlance you can have 4 beau-
tifully furnished, sunny, corner rooms rent
free; It's a fine location; only 6 blocks north
of Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 40G Examiner Building.
SALARIES of $217 per month over expenses
ARE FEW AND FAR BETWEEN,
and to secure such a position you
need the help of the
U. S. ARMY AND NAVY,
' ROOSEVELT. PARKER
and their running mates: but
MARION GRIFFIN, real estate
scent, in suite 406 Examiner
building, corner 3d and Market
ets., can put you into such a po-
sition If you have the modest sum
of $3200 in cash; beside, you
would have transferred to you the
tl"e fee simple to the NICE
FURNISHINGS IN a
ROOMING-HOUSE of 32 rooms.
HAVE YOU $2500 in cash? Do you -want
a handsome home, together with
$250 monthly profit?
, .: '.Yy MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner
bids., will give you detailed in-
formation of a NEW AND MOD-
ERN 70-room house, elegantly fur-
nished. . .
IB ROOMS; Market st.; rent $60... $1000
6-room flat; rent $20 $250
24 roms; rent $t50 $900
12 rooms; rent $45 $500
24 rooms: rent $105; will trade for land.$2400
25 rooms; rent $140: north of Market. .$1050
SAWYER-BLETHEN CO..
1118 Market St.
MITCHELL & CO
1206 Market st .......Phone Jessie 2981
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers: tltlea guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO ....... .
23-ROOM house; rent $90; lease; fine location; ,
clears $S0. . ......
MITCHELL & CO.. ; 1206 . Market/;
CORNER house, 32 rooms, new elegant fur-
nishings, is now on a big paying basl«, will '
sell on time payments; 100- room house down
town, .low ' rent. Dart cash : we handle none
but good paying houses, also Oakland prop-
erties, on ' time payments. S. F. CREDIT
CO.. 10 Turk St.; phone 741. : . -
8-ROOMED house, ail nicely - furnished, cen-
trally located; owner has other , Interests;
cheapest rent In city; rooms always rented;
will take the low price of $300 if sold within
2 weeks. Box 1211,, Call office. :
10-ROOM lodging-house for sale; rent $20:
'water free. Owner,- 712- Montgomery st.,
10 a.\ m. to 6 p. m. ' ..»
12-ROOM house: only $20 rent; $600 cash: well
t furnished. 525 Jessie st., bet. 6th and:. 7th.
A LARGE rooming-house, ¦.'. all : full; a bar-
. gain; sickness. Box 2144. Call office. ;
FOR sale — Bargain: - 11 rooms and' bath; must
sell at once. 643 Geary, et. ' . ' ¦ - . '
THERE APE THOUSANDS WAITING TO SUPPLY YOUPTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1904.
9
MATIBO^BEAL^ESTAra.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mate* el*S-
tric cars; 45 minutes from Bth and Market
sts. : outside the fog belt and Just beyond,
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff**
will join the main line: second subdivision
now being offered: 50-foot lots from S40Oup:
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and S1O a iMonth; sewer and water pipes In
front of every lot: pure artesian well water:
half the lots in subdivision No. 1 wer« sold
in two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot tn this desirable fectlon on
t&ty terms: take the electric cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY. RODGERS A CO..
TeL Main 873. 116 California st.
CHICKEN BANCHEB.
" mEAlTcHICKEN RANCH.
Orenard View Tract, at San Leantfra
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope: «1a*
to suit; easy terms; plenty water: ftn» frtilt;
call for details; go and see Sunday. Owner.
713 Mills Mdg.
P A RM rOB RENT OB. rOB SALE.
TO rent— Th<* Rowland farm, 450 acres food
land, well watered a'r.i fenced: also 40 head
cf cows: will re!! or rent; everything re-
Quired to run a dairy farm. Apply In person
to R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park, back of
Berkeley.
FASMS ASa BAIICHES TO LEASE.
FOR rent — Three-acre orchard, with 14-room,
house; furnished. Apply to FRANK A Me-
CARTHY. San Leandro.
PBOPEaTT WAHTEJ.
WANTED— Small home in Dlchmend District
for about ?2iXH> cash. Bo* 21 13. Call.
MILL VALLEY ADV'BT'S'K'TS
MILL VALLET B.EAL ESTATE.
$300— BIO lots; a stone's throw from the sta-
tion; on graded streets; water mains laid on
all streets: thousands of dollars have been
spent on Improvements: the best and cheap-
est lots in the State tor the. money; only 10
per cent cash, balance $10 monthly: an "Ideal
place for a home; send for maps; agents on
the ground 8unday.
LYON A HOAQ. lift MONTGOMERY ST.
BERKELEY APVEKTS'XTS
FOR sale — New house, 7 rooms 1 ; finished floors,
gas and electricity; street work: sidewalks
finished; easy terms. Address 1931 Berry-
man st., North Berkeley.
FKUITVALE APVERTCTS
rBPITVALE HEAL ESTATE.
I HAVE a lot 25x146. central location. 10 min-
utes' walk from loeal train, 1 block from
cars, high and dry; I can build you a 4-room
house for $11)0 down, balance on easy terms;
price only $1350. . M. C. GIBSON.
1323 Frultvale ave..
Near Fourteenth st.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTa
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
2012 EMERSON st.. new a-room house; mod-
ern and up to date In every way; Tor good
reason this will be sacrificed If bought within
10 days; appointment to see property writ*
722 Sixteenth st.. Oakland; terms $500 cash,
balance 8 per cent.
$2000 WILL bur a lovely new 4-room Cottage;
between Telegraph are. and Grove St.; walk-
Ing distance to Key route station; large
lot: very wmclete little home; $400 down,
$2t> per month. •
BETTERS. A Bi:in»INa, 468 Eleventh St..
• Oakland, Sole Agents.
$40CO ONLY fof* a 1000-aCre stock ranch, Ic
Sonoma County: house, barn and plenty
of water; fine fcr hos raising. P. C. !
LASSEN A CO.. 486 Tenth St., Oak-
land. Cal.
OAKLAXTO rTTB3TISHED ROOMS.
A— TWENTY-FOURTH. 917, Oakland— Nice
sunnr front room to let.
ELEVENTH. 167. Oakland — Clean. sunny
furnlfhed rooms: handy to all threw trains.
TELEGRAPH are.. ISO.:. Oakland— Nice room
for two gents: gas, bath and phona; $*.
OAKLAND rXJSNITTJBE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas, 11th st., cor. store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
K.OOHS FOB HOTJSEXEEPINO.
EDDY. 713— Fine housekeeping suite;
range, yard, phone.
FELL. 528 — Newly furnished bedroom, kitchen;
sink, bath and gas; hot water; $2O.
FOURTEENTH. 40.T— Front bay-window bod-
room; small kitchen: new flat; phone; reas.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
ninirte rooms. •
GEARY, 1223 — Completely furnished sunny
suits for housekeeping; gas range; prirsta
bath; marine view; rent $a>. Tel. Hyd« 1303.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 311— Unfurnished rooma
for housekeeping; also single and suites.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 370 — Sunny furnished
alcove with kitchen, gas range; private fam-
ily; phone.
GOLDEN GATE. 4o3— On* furnished house-
keeping room; light housekeepins.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 522— Sunny alcove. $13;
3 large rooms. $20: single room. $11.
GOLDF.N GATE. 6T.1 — Nice furnished single
housekeeping rooms.
HARRISON. 2-1 OS 4, beT Twentieth atvi
Twenty-first — To let. 2 sunny front room*,
furnished for housekeeping; gas stov* and
bath.
HAYEfcl. 407 — Two furnished rooms; complete
for housekeeping; orivate.
HAYES, 64S — 5 large unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, with private bath and gas; walking
distance; $25. .. .
HOWARD. S22— 2 suites housekeeping rooms;
also single; gas and coal stows.
JACKSON. 010^ — Three complete; sunny, out-
side rt:oma for housekeeping.
JESSIE, 32T — Funny . single room, furnished;
Unfit hcufttkfv ping: fas; $1 75 week.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell^-TnreeT
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1310 Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reas. '
LARKIN. Sl!)>4 — Large sunny fUrnlsh<»'I
housekeeping room; gas stove; $12 per mo.
LEAVENWORTH, 606 — Two sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms.
t LIBERTY 304 — Take Castro car; 4 sunny
mod. unfurn. rms.; warm belt: references.
| MAYBELLE. 2*>2 Grove, cor. Van Ness — Sunny
furn. 2 and '¦'¦ room Van N>sa suites; bath.
MtALLlSTER. 010— Large alcove and house-
keeping rooms; nicely furnished and sunny.
MINNA. 514 — Sunny front rooms for house-
keeping; also »lnzle rooms.
NINETEENTH. 3i75. near Valencia — Two
nicely , turn, front rooms; hskpg., gas. bath.
OAK 117 — Complete for housekeeping:. $3 to
$12; gas range : hot bath; adults.
POHT. 851— Two nrwly furnished rooma to let;
I . light- housekeeping.
POST. 1419^ — Two nicely furnished, sunny
housekeeping rooms; $15; no children.
SILVER. 3S — Back and. front parlor; us* ot
kitchen. N ' "
SIXTH. 60T — Furnished housekeeping; rooms;
sunny, bath. Ba*.
STOCKTON. 41-45 — 2 connecting rooms; g*a
range, running water. Phone. Black 5291.
TWENTY- FOURTH. SI 74— 2 of 3 rooms for
housekeeping, with gas range.
Continued on Pace Tweli*.
HELP^WAjrrED-— MALE— Con^lnnea.
A— MURRAT A READT.^34 and 636 Clay st
Phone Main 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French, Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 W« Gave l»04 We Hope to
60,000 Men Work, Increase 60,000.
12 carpenters, fare 60c, $3 50 day.
12 carpenters, fare 40c. $3 day.
12 carpenters, NEVADA STATE. $3 day.
Government work, rough carpenters.
Wheelwright, State of Nevada, $G0 and fd.
SPECIAL.
Buggy washer, mm.- uiwn. $K> M
2 miners for tunnel work, fare 10c, $75.
SPECIAL U. S.
GOVERNMENT WORK. NEVADA.
56 teamsters apd laborers, $75.
Upholsterer, $2 5f> day.
3 shingler*. 5Oc fare, $1 p»r M.
5 woodworkers, $90; 5 bench hands. $90; ta-
ble marker; 3 brush makers: band sawyer.
—12 PLASTERERS, $4 50 DAY-
PLUMBERS, FARE PAID.
12 plumbers, no union, $4 aday.
6 IRON MOLDERS.
Slack coopers; 2 varnish flniehers.
Gang trimmerman, fare $2 60, $50 found.
Well digger, understands pas engine, $40 fd.
Leverman, gasoline engine dredger, $75.
MURRAY & READY, 034 and 636 Clay «t.
—LUMBER SYNDICATE—
25 laborers;- work on railroads, $60.
NEW JOBS.
155 wodr hoppers.
BOYS— BOYS— BOYS.
25 boy* or ycuHg men. box factory, $35 found
farms, dairies, etc.
Handy man. slaughter-house. $20 to $25 fd.
14 choremen. boye. Fee us, $15, $2f>, $30 fd.
26 »rneral farm hands, steady jobs. $30 fd.
BAKERS.
Foreman, cake baker. $25 week.
DRAPERY.
Experienced drapery mlesman, city.
BUTCHERS.
6 sheep b utehers, $80.
4 knife men, $2 75. 3 tausage makers, $14.
COOKS.
15 cooks, different places $30. $40, $50. $70 fd.
BELL. ELEVATOR BOYS— BBDMAKERS.
8 dlehwa*hers. dlffereht places. $20, $30 fd.
Married farmer, southern towh, $30 and fd.
TO EL-D-CO. TO-DAY. .
68 trackmen ,any laborer will do.
$67 60 - $75 00
$67 50 TO $76 00
LAUNDRY.
Man to take Contract cut lumber, bow here.
Strong handy man with b utcher-knlfe, $2 50.
Greek porter, saloon, country, $25 found.
5 iron molder*. $3 a day and found.
Sign painter, wagon, etc.. fare. $125, $32 50.
MANAGER HERE.
12 hand miners, good mine, $75 to $82 f>0.
BOX FACTORY.
2 cutoff sawyers, Coumry, $75.
NON-UNION PLUMBER— CITY.
Steward. Slavonian, $50 and found.
Helper, city: carpet eale; warehouse; $40.
3 painters, city; house work. $3 day.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 LABORERS, $60.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay sL
SHIP CARPENTERS.
12 ship carpenter?, $4 day.
Matcher and sticker hands. $3 50 day.
Carder for cotton machine. $2 25 day.
3 boys for city stores. $4 week.
3 laborers to help carpenters, fare 10c, $1 50
BOSS HERE.
Bookkeeper for vineyard. $2 85 day.
Tlmc-kef-per for vineyard, $40 found.
Clerk for store on vineyard, $30 found.
LOOK.
Roy for shoe store, $1 to $1 25 day.
Elevator bey. first-clacs city job, $5 week fd.
Buggy washer, city. $75.
GOLD QUARTZ MINE!
25 hand miners, $75 to ?S2 50. . '
MURRAY & READY. e34-C3<5 Clay St.
FOR RAILROAD COMPANY.
5 carpenter*, free fare. 43 day.
Carpenter, city Job, $3 day.
TO-DAY.
12 quarrymen. board In hotel. $60.
3 Iron molder*. $S.
Blacksmith for mine, $3 day.
LOOK.
Breadbaker. city, $40 to $45 found.
MURRAY & READT, 634-034 Clay f*.
YOUNG or middle-aged man of good habits
having $25 cash can learn paying trade;
steady work: good wages while learning.
Call £12 First st.
GO V ERNMENT positions — Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave., room 7, for free Information as
to positions, ealarie.-i. age limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
FIRST-CLAPS barber at 205 Scott st.
WAITER for bakery and coffee-house. 612
Kearny st.
PAINTERS wanted. BARTON. 1212 Union st.
PORTER wanted. 62S Post st.
GOOD barber wanted. 208 Third st.
MAN wanted to help In kitchen. 515 Valencia
street.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required, constant practice and expert In-
struction: positions secured: special Induce-
ments this month; catalogue mailed free.
Mol*r System College, 635 Clay st.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
lcF, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD
6 SMITH, 95 Third St., S. F.
TWO eubmanagers; also solicitors; Pacific Mu-
tual Life, 508 Montgomery Bt. ; call morn-
ings at 'rooms 31-32, 7th floor; references re-
quired.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns and write short articles for publica-
tion: $80 per month and expenses; references
required. Box 2368, Call office.
ALL classes of machinists furnished on short
notice by Machinists' Union. 1159 Mission
st. Phone Mint 2406; Office hours 8 a. m.
to 5 p. m.
WANTED — 100 men and women to learn bar-
ber trade; new method; wages paid while
learning: special Inducement this month.
Halght Branch No. 1. 647 Commercial st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that. Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night,
W ANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dress goods salesman. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
GOOD wrappers wanted. Apply R o'clock
Monday morning. 8. N. WOOD & COM-
PANY. 740 Market st.
BARBER ohop for sale for $80; all the fur-
niture, chairs and towels; rent $6 per mo.;
2 rooms. A. DAVILLA. Alvarado, Cal.
WANTBD hy wholesale house, bright boy for
¦ami'e rrom; ntate age and references In
own handwriting. Box 17R5. Call office.
WANTED— Barber; shop In good healthy
town; 2 running chairs; clearing $25 or
over a week. Apply box 2225, Call office.
WANTED— Good solicitors; mutt be hustlers.
New York Hat Workers and Cleaners, 260
Third st.
WANTED — Young man to learn tailoring. 18
to 20; room and board; small wages. 1318
Van N«M av*.
TRY uur men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, .«2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
BOY wanted to learn drug business. Apply
drug stcre. Twenty-fourth and Castro nts.
MAN to learn the barber trad*; wages while
learning. Call at 7S1 Mission st.
WANTED — Young man with $75 for good pay-
Ing business. Address box 1590, Call office. • ;
WANTED — Jewrlers at 17 Lick place. Lick
House.
COATMAKBR wanted for country. REISS
BROS. A CO., 24 Sutter st.
BOY residing with parents for store work In
wholesale house; state age. Box 2352, Call.
USEFUL German; wlnehouse; tend bar; state
age; references. Box 2U>2, Call office. *
GOOD paying 4-(!half barber shop; half cash,
balance easy terms. C27 Sacramento, st.
FOR* sale— One-half of good paying " barber
shop. 122 Tnlrd st. .
WANTED — Man to do Janitor work for his
tuition In S.F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
SAILORS and ordinary Mamen for all parts of
the at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln.,75c.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor Duncan ft Church sts.
WINCHESTER. Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and barrage to and from ferry.
ALL tizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 6«3 Mission St.; bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your rhoes half-soled while watting; X5c
to 50c 003 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
gQB BALE-^Coa.
EAFES and DESKS — Ab we are going to move
to New Montgomery st., and t6 avoid moving
Btock. will sell at big cut In prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1618 Market St.
A LOT of thoroughbred W. Leghorns, B. P.
rocks, B. rninbrcas. B- Andalusians, light
Brahmas and Buff Cochins for sale. 6495
Telegraph ave., Oakland.
AN elegant assortment 6f diamonds. Jewelry
aha sealskins for sale on small Weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered 6n first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
A--— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler?, water pipe, thafting. pulleys.
etc.^ WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California Virgin gold
wedding rlncs for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton St.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents 1 full dress,
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J, COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery St., room 12, upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d it.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOR ealfc — Genuine water epantel; young dogs.
CHAB. COLEMAN, 426 Natoma St., top floor.
VERY fine $5Ck') sealskin for sale cheap for
cash. Box 141$. Call office, Oaklsnd.
TWO ladles' tickets to Denver; good till Oct.
23. BOX »O64. Call. ¦
LATEST improved drop head sewing machine; ¦
ail attachments peffect: $18 50. 1515 Polk st.
GOOD family cow. giving .ity gallons milk
daily. 4039 Twenty-sixth st.
ALMOST new Natinnal Cash Register. $125;.
Cost $235. 18103 Polk st.
FULL line of drummers' Samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton St.
AN elejrant pealektn for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring $50; terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARlN, 138 Montgomery st.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest price*. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
FINE diafnond tunburEt; 7 large stones: a
bargain; $350. 10 Sixth st.
ROOMS papered: $4 up; tinting, painting.
Harttnann Paint Co., 31R Third; tel. Main 413.
2D-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door, sash,
plumb, .material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. 1\ D.
McCarthy- Co., S07 Mission st. ; te). South 811.
FOR sale— First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021H Market St.
SAFES and cash registers, hew and second-
hand. I, FREEMAN, 1826 Market st.
, MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck, 131 Post st,
FOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p., cheap. E. B. BECK & CO., 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER^
.-MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLAWEOPS WAyT8.
" WANTED. """"
Second-hand Encyclopedia Britanntca; must
be late issue; state price.
MURRAY &. RKADY, 634-63fl Clay st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
onsh. KARL EBEIt & CO.. room 405. Ad-
ams bldg.. 200 Kearny et.; phone Black :tO36.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO., room 405, Adams
bldg., 200 Kearny St.; phone Blcck 3038.
HIGHEST price* for ladles', gents' castoff cloth-
ing., etc. Tel. Davis 825; 650 Sacramento St.
A BIG price for ladles' and gents' castoft
clothing. 922 Folsom st. ; tel. Folsom 3522.
HIGHEST prices paid; gents' castolT clothing
and whoeg. Tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington st.
TILTON wants good second-ham) clothing am*
theatrical goods. 154 ftth St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
MONEY TO LOAN.
— MAnIiaTTAN 'LOAN COMPANiT'cincT^
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5H and 6 per cent
CITY, OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY ,.
Second mortgages, life Insurance ¦ policies,
estates In probate, undivided Interests In
property, probate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies and undivided Interests in
property purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN <~OMPXNY
suite 107-106 Crocker bids.; phone Main Otm
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Eave exoenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 400. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge ot employer or
any cne; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldf?.
A— ON furniture or llanos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st cr 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 30 Geary, room 8«.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
848 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 10 Third.
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stocktoh St.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc, at
2 per cent t>er month.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boordlng-housen, without
security; easy payments; large business In 40
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
YOUNG & CO.. room 537 Parrott bldg., loan
money on furniture, pianos, etc., at about
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
' gages at high rates and leases paid off.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gnges, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton St., near
Market.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate.Cal.Ltian Co., 526 Parrott bdg.
MUNICIPAL, LOAN OFFICE, 007 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bougMt for
rash. KARL EBER * CO.. room 405 Adams
bldg.. 200 Kearny St.; phone Black 3030.
I PER cent on furniture or planosi no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet confidential. 26 Montgomery at., rm. 21.
CRESCENT Lean Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; easy payments. 600 Rlalto
bids-, New Montgomery and Mission sts.
TO salaried people without security; On furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F, Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg. .
MONEY to loan it low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearl? and precious atones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at.
DON'T borrow money on Ealary until you see
u». Hutton Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bldg."
BTAR Loan Co. ml Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 703 Market st.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room SI, 6 Eddy st;
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTBTJMENTS.
ON account of moving East, will sell Brown
Simpson piano Cheap; flnst-class tone. Ad-
drejis P. O. box 311. Berkeley. <
WHEN- you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560-62-B4
Hayes st. ; tel. Fell 5761. . .¦,-,=.¦¦
$90 — UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNQ, 216 McAllister st.
WALNUT upright like new, - worth $275, i for
$117 at 7C9> Market st., seebno floor.
PIANO players, former price $250, now $115.
70U- Market St., second floor.
j'UayiTUHE FOB SALB.
H. METER & CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture. r«rpet». etc 782 Ml*sion:t»l. Bush S13.
f 7.*. WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down, $1 50
P«T week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. S40 Poet St.
' 'AK folding bed, almost n«w, for sale. Apply
223 Twelfth st.
ELEGANT furniture for *al» cheap; modern
flat 5 rooms; chesp rent. 730 Octavla et.
FTJHiriTUBE WANTED.
AfcE LEVY.
Sil^froow, 1TSS Market ft. Tel. Jessie 7fil.
Don't tell j-our furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture. *tc. until you pet his estimate.
WILL pay 2« per rent more for furniture than
dealer* <>r will «ell on commission. L. H.
ni'RD. tuc . l«t3S Market: phone Jes»ie 23S6.
HELP wAHTED-PEMAJU!.^^
French or German cook, $S5 to
StO; n«r?* for chiH, city, references, $30;
launfiress for fan Mate<j, $30; nurse to as-
ei*t light rhsirberwork. $50; Isundrets and
chambermaid. $30: woman for housework in
country, small family, $40; 20 good house-
work girls. *30. $». $2o.
Apply MI5S PU'NKETT, 425 Putter St.
YOUNG woman a* working b.mi*ek*eper and
<-->mpsTiicn for elderly lady; references; $30.
Apply MIfS PLUNKETT, 425 Butter *t.
A— FEMALE nurse. Ftate Institution. $30 fd.
MVRRAY * READY, 634 and 636 Clsy st.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn balrtreeslng
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to 2
in 2 week*: tuition $5 to thoee entering now;
three pc-tltions to fill Immediately; positions
ruaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
Fchool in Weft. 233 Geary «t-. room 13.
WANTED — Olrls to learn millinery now for
fall *ea*on; both »eason» taught from start
•o finifh tn One month for $5; positions as
trimmers, ealesladie*. makers, guaranteed at
fin per weeit up: 7 positions to be filled trn-
medisteiy. Parlors 143 Stockton et., r. 18.
A- PACIFIC College teaches hatrdressing.
manicuring, e'.ectrlc ma*«sge. etc.; six hours'
practice a tfay; guarantee positions; only
recognised college cf its kind on coast; day
end evening daeee*; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 1S3 Powell st.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
R1ENCE XKCEESARY: GOOD PAY;
FTDADY WORK. LEV: STRAUSS A CO..
82% FREMONT ST. APPLT TO MR.
DAVT8.
FHIRT AND COTTONADE PANTS OPER-
ATORS WANTED. STANDARD FACTORY.
«X>R. GOUGH AND GROVE £Ti«.
WANTED — Competent girl for cooking and as-
sist with housework; references required.
2172 Pine pt.
A GOOD cook wanted for .general housework
and plain washing for three in family; age
25 to S3; wages $25. Apply 318 Bartlett st.
WANTED— A girl to assist In light house-
work; family 3: wajres $12. •.•UP9 22d et.
WANTED— Girl for second work and sewing.
1307 Hyde *t.
NT-RSE for sanitarium. 2344 Sutter St.
WANTED— Young girl for housework In flat.
119C. Fills *t.
EXPERIENCED waitress 3 days a week; good
pay. C31 Clay st.
WANTED— A rfFpftafcle young girl for light
housework. i:r,'.n MisMon st.
TALENTED amatour performers. Apply at
Chtitt-s. 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED— Young lady who is an experienced
i=j;ar.is-h ftenographer. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BRO3.'
WANTED— Experienced Saleswoman. Apply
between J* and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
EXTKfMENCED rewlnr machine operators on
overalls. eoat» «nd Jumpers; steady work.
LEV! ETRACS8 * CO.. S2% Tnmont M.
Apply to Mr. I'bvif.
AT DR. JUILLY'S sanitarium— Probationary
nurses, medicine, turpery. iying-in caws;
rrurt contract for one year. Apply at 2504
Howard Ft.. 2 to 4 p. m.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman to assist with
hftH housework; wages $7. 20 Ritch St.,
near Folsom.
COMPETENT cook; private family; wages $S5.
176 Belvedere *t.. bet. Frederick and Waller,
Cole and Clayton.
WANTED — Young woman who Is sjj experi-
enced wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Alteration hands on ladles' coats
and Fklrts. CAILLEAL', 114 Kearny st.
AX errand clrl wanted. 1111 Van Ne*s ave.
WANTED— Finishers on custom pants. M.
MOROANETERN. 461 Jessie et.
SALESLADIES wanted for dry goods store.
_App!y 14<Vi Stockton st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
$ro. 791 McAllister Ft.
WOMAN to travel; work rileacant. creative
and educational. Box 2379. Call office.
LADY or gentleman solicitors; $5 a day: good
proposition. 43fl Crossley building.
WaNTEI> — Apprentices for dressmaking;
wares said. J. BAER. 12Q) Geary et.
A FIRPT-CLAFS waist trimmer. Apply MRS.
HANL.EY. 1111 Van Ness.
TOI'-VG girl to assist with kindergarten. Call
Monday, bet. B and 2. at 16U Hayes st.
FIRST-CLaSS walet* eklrt and coat hands
Apply to J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
tUZTJ? "WAWTED — MALE.
AAA— EMPLOYES' RE^S^E^TTxTT""'
**4-C5 Chronicle bllg. ; phone James 2021.
Manstrer with department store experience,
underwear, muelin. rort^tr; country; $125 mo.
Fir^t-eisM aofountant with department store
experience, gjo, month or better.
Sho» clerk. Fmail Ftore. $15 week.
All irnund wood worker. $4 25 a day.
Bookkeeper to apeak German, $75 month.
Window dresser, country. $»<> month.
St jok clerk, wholesalp, ynung man, wages.
Grocery clerk, country, $15 week.
ExM'rienced coachman., rlty. $40 and found.
Experienced marker, wholesale hou?«\ $<3o mo.
Candy helper, new store, $8 week.
¦ Plctuie frame Joiner, $1R week.
Machinist for foundry, $M day.
Blork butcher for country. $1S week.
2 boy?. 1«J to 18. $33 per month.
Experienced drug clerk. $75 per month.
¦ HenographPr. young man, $S0 to fitart.
Htock fitter, shoe factory. $18.
''«!! and investigate. Other positions open.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
'•4 2 Commercial Ft., near Kearny.
Phone Bu5h R.13. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
SPECIAL TO-DAY.
NEW RAILROAD WORK IDAHO
FREE FARE IDAHO
IDAHO AND UTAH FREE FARB
KEE BOSS HERE IDAHO
Timekeeper. J-.'.u and found; blacksmith, $A0;
cook, $70 and found; 1<»O laborers; 100 team-
BU-rs; 1O0 right cf way men; board only 14 50
w-ek IDAHO
NEW n. R. WORK FREE FARE
4 farmers, same ranch, mnall teams, 50c
fare. |2C and found; butcher, country shop,
$40 and found. Hundreds of other Jobs.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP. AOENCY
«Ci Washington *t.; r>hone James JWO1.
IDAHO. IDAHO IDAHO.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
»w rallnmd work; long JU»; 200 labor-
ers, $00; board. $4 50: we boss here; rood
company: near city: 2* l8l«orcrs; board an>-
wherf. $2 day; paid twice a month; Chico.
fare rffur.aed; $2 rr> day; stenographer, ro.-d
place Bnd rapid advancement- L H CUT-
TING & CO.
AT HQRD & SMITH'S
Contractors' Agents. W> Third st
New company work, Marin County I
Teamsters, $2 to $2 25.
Long Job; good layout
2 scraper holders, city. |2 25.
1 dumper, city, $2 25.
Colored waiter. $30 and found; country hotel
Cook, hotel near city. $30 and found.
ANDRE'S. 817 Stockton st,
Butler. $45; kitchen boy. private place. $25;
rhoreman. $25; man and wife as waiters,
*50; butler and wife cook. $65; a man about
.15 to 40 year old for school, country. $.10
snd found; broiler $60; boarding-house cook.
*w»: German to drive poultry farm wagon.
$20: roung man to drive confectionery wagon
*2S to $30: dl*hwa«h«r. S25. etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Colored waiter. $32.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
nurber, $40; night porter. $20; 2 waitresses,
$25: pantryman, $25; elevator boy, $15:
ateward. $45. *
MUSICAL^ INSTRUMENTS— Continued.
A^LTsT^OF^UPRiGHT BARGAINS—
Checkering, rosewood, perfect order: Chick-
trihg, mahogany, good as new; Weber, ma-
hogany, good as new, three pedals: Vos#,
walnut case, a snap; Sterling, oak ciSe,
used ten months: Willard. used cne year,
fine condition, easy payments — fully guaran-
teed; from $165 up.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell *t.
AT. $2 per month up, rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos: ail makes in used instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St.; Oak-
land, 1252 Broadway: largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
UPRIGHT pianos, former prices $275 to $350,
now #117 to $168. 760 Market St., second
floor.
CHOICE of Boston musical or Cortois slide
trombone at less than half price. 769 Mar-
ket St.. second floor.
FOR sale — $50: square piano; fine tone. 323
Kearny St.; room 3.
GOOD piano for sale, cash or installments.
230 Taylor st.
Talking machines, guitars, etc.; easy payments;
month's piano rent free. Bruenn, 225 Sutter.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sola: $135. 237 Geary «t.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
hew; $135. 237 Geary fit.
EOHMBR. Byron MauSy pianos, Ceceliah piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post ft.
NEW upright pianos Bold fin $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister *t.. {
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chicfcering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keefte's. 2$5 O'Farrell. i
orrtoss A^^sTjoH^sMroj^ET^^
ELEGANT offices; new Italian-American Bank
bids., BE. cor. Montg. & Sacto.; light and
sunny. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montg. I
FOR rent— Section of large loft: light and airy
L. MINK. 100 New Montgomery at.. Tth floor
PERSONALS.
"REXRADIO'S" (first) free "public" healing
meetings (Sunday) attended by appreciative
audiencF9. Many stok were publicly, suc-
cessfully treated. Pain, total doafnesf*, etc.,
fled "instantly." Recently restored patlenta
and witnesses. Including noted regular prac-
ticing city '"physician," pave marvelous tes-
timonies. Similar meetings 2 and S p. m.
daily. Come, see, be convinced Mortday. 73S14
Market (beware of impostors using Rexra-
dio'e name).
A — CALL and s&e our demonstrations, with onp-
half of face treated; 1 guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles,
Emailpox pittings, etc.;
Restore iot*t contour.
If you desire a freeh, young face, call or
write. MME. GILLINGHAM, 131 Powell St.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire Of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sofe throat, etc. Sold by all ilrucclstn for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured holely
by ROWELL ft BROWN. 3B Turk «.. 6. F.
THE p *sr Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
anil itching scalp; no etaln or stickiness;
cleanrts scalp; at drupglsts", hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co., 1333 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Cential
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
ADVERTISING WORLD. Columbus. Ohio, a
monthly Journal of Information, plans, sug;
gestlon8 and ideas for advertising. Send to-
day for Tree sample, or 10c for 4 months" trial.
BEST on earth— Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism and etomach troubles cure-1; $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 330 Grant ave.
DON'T forget what we told you about our
roor raint: bust ever. THE BURNETT
PAINT CO.. ;<0C Parrott building.
ANY one 'knowing the whereabouts of GUSTAV
THEBES kindly Inform COTTON BROS..
Oakland Cal. Information to hiu interest.
A GUARANTEE TO GHOW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. S MOORE, 3S2 O'Farreil st.
cricnii j£xoj'» t u \ o ro i & ro rcrrw
11118, HOLSHOUSEH. S20 Starr King bidg.,
121 Geary st. Bust development, electro-
lysis, magnetism, massage.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy y75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St., near Powell.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NKUHAUS CO., the tailors, 729 Market st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pant* or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fr*d Wagner, 850 Market.
EASY Installments Tor Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market St.* bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS tn fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1044 Mkt., under St. Ntcholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary,r.3S.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world, at 1810 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pant* $2 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, por. Burn and Dupont.
MASQUERAGE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. QOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'B Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS AND SUEGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
' 1021V4 Market st.. bet. Bth and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073 V4 Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at Ctf7 Geary St., near Leavenwcrth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
JPATBKTB.^
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
¦ tOrney-at-lnw, C Hobnrt hlclg.. 532 Market At.
PURCHASING AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JKWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 315G8 17th st.,Ban Francisco. Te-l.Capp 856.
PROPOSALS.^
SAN TfRANCIBCO, Cal, September 5, 1DO4—
Sealed proposal*, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived- here until 11 o'clock a. m., October
6, 1004, and then opened, for the construction
of an additional story to Administration i
building of General Hospital. Presidio of
San Francisco. Cat., including plumbing,
heating and wiring.
Government re.«ervp» the right to reject
or accept any or all bids, tn whole cr In
pi»ft. • Information Turhished on application
to WM. 8. PATTEN, Assistant Quarter-
master General, Chief Quartermaster.
LEGAL NOTICES. _^
NOTICE is hereby given that on the 5th day
of October. 1O<>4. at the hour of 1O a. m., on
the premises of No. POD Mission St.. 1 will
sell all the right, 1 1 1 1 «* and interest of tho
mortgagor in and to all of goods mortKaged by
Geo. W. Davis on tho 21st day of September.
1004, to the Umlerslsrnerl. ami recorded on
tho 21st day of September. 1!HJ4, at ihe Re-
corder's office of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of Sallfornia. Said goods
to be Sold to the highest bidder for cash.
W. A. CROWE.
CUSTOM-HOUSE. San Francisco, Sept. 30.
1904— Notice: -Certain goods remaining one
year in bonded warehouse will bp sold at
public auction at the United States Ap-
praiser's store on the 26th of October. 19f4.
at 10 o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues
can be had at the Custom-' Home on October
ID 1904 or at the time and place of sale.
W. B. 'HAMILTON, Special Deputy Col-
lector. :
TO whom It • may concern — I hereby notify
you that I • havo purchased the saloon of
G. W.' Crandell at 1500 Folsom st.: all
bills against the same must be presented
by .October 4, 1004. JOHN. M. KEARCE.
TO whom It may concern — I hereby notify you
that I have . purchased the... restaurant of
. Carlas Schussel. 516 Broadway; all* bills
/against th>i same must be presented by
October?. 1004., .G. MARINL
REAL ESTATE— C1TT— -TOSt BALE.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
tl 25 PER WEnK. __
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots in the Efccelsief Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard tablt: On street
•grade; close to fine school: not far from the
jNT isMnn-st. electric Cars; cecui*© one as a,n
Investment and by the time It Is paid for* it
will have doubled in value th* way prices
have advanced during tho past year; buy
now before prices become prohibitive in this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st,. r. 8. Pndne Main 5704.
$7MX> — For sale, 8 elegant hbmes Just com-
pleted; artistic and substantial in erery de-
tail; contain 8 rooms; rough attic and fin-
ished basement; w*st line" of Clayton St.,
south of Carl st.; Masonic ave. cars to the
door. JOHN STIERLEN. Owner and
builder en premises.
$3000— House ©f 9 r. ana b.; STJd St.. nr. York:
$500 would make It into fine flats.
$2SCK> — 2 flats of 5 r. and b. on Twenty-seventh.
$2730^-New «-r. cotage, Whitr.^y st. : terms.
D. COFFIN, 2528 Mission, near 21st st.
WE have some special bat-gains in city prop-
erty; also homes on ea*y terms in Berke-
ley jna *\lameda. Call Or send for what
j-oU want.
ROTHERMBL * CO., 807 California st.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you, lot lneluded,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
$250— Fine corner. .1 lots. 75x100. en grade. 1
blork from Ingleslde track; a snap, cost $400.
ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 California st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
l.'oll, 1« paces, *etit to any address in the
United States of Canada cne year for SI.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. 63« Howard st.
$190.0— MODERN cbttage 5 rooms. 117 Mar- j
shall ?t.. nr. Mission; terms $25 per month, j
$80— GOOD building lot. 25x70. near Cortland }
ave. Apply <}297 Jltlssldn st. ;
BEAI. ESTATE—^ COTTKTKT-— TorJIal^
~ WHITE~ k BAYLKT.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$lrt per acre— 1700 acres. Sonom* County:
mostly rolling, fine alluvial soil; 45 acres
French' prunes, 5 acres walnuts and apples;
vineyard; well fenced and cross-fenced; cor-
rals; fine dwelling; good barns; packing hdu«».
drying plant; 4'J cattle.' 6 horses. 30 hogs;
farm and Epring Wagons, harness, tools: bark
mill, cost $1500; took $7000 off place last sea-
son.
Offer wanted— Vineyard 1 , near St. Helena;
321 acres; 110 In beat wine grapes; vines 4 to
10 years old; 3-story etone winery, with tun-
nel, fully equipped With Cooperage for 100.000
gallons and modern machinery; piped water
system from cement reservoirs: 8-room house;
summer cottage, barns, etc.; all land .tillable;
wagon, hot-ses tools, including maturing crop
of .500 tons of grapes, worth $5000; $10,000
cash, balance on easy terms.
$9000— in Manteca alfalfa district; 60 acres
»andy loam on main Irrigation canal; 55 acres
grand stand alfalfa prdduced 8 tons an acre;
5 acres fruit and grapes; brick residence. 7
rooms; new barn; Windmill and tank; 1 mile
of oreanury and railroad station.
$3500— C miles of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian River b-ltom; 25 acres; 3 acres
vineyard; new buildings; 5-room and bath cot-
tage; good barn; windmill and tank; poultry
houses; see this and If you want only part of
it will sell unimproved portion at $10O per
acre; If you want to raise corn that will make
thy Kansas article "side step" see none of our
homes on the Russian River.
$3500—17 acres In Green Valley, near Se-
bastopol. 4-room house, barft: spring water;
several acres berries; $1000 can remain.
Thirteen acres rich valley land near Sono-
ma City: 9 acres fine grapes. 15 years old.
balance pears and assorted fruits; this sea-
son's crop easy $700; no buildings; forced
»ale; simply make art offer.
$1500— All level. 10 acres. 2 miles of Calls-
tcgai small orchard; good house and barn; 2
wells; near school
ALFALFA LAND.
$100 per acre — One mile ot Modesto: 5 acras
up: Vi cash.
$30 per acre— 3 miles of Modesto; 20 acres
up: H cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodl, on the Woodbrldgs
canal
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
We have * large li«t of completely equipped
dairies In the best section «f Humboldt Co. ;
20 acres up.
$2500 — Fine summer resort In Sonoma Co.:
stage station and P. O. on place; 141 acres
controlling 1000-acre range; 8 acres bearing
orchard: hay land; good house and 4 cottages,
all furnished; bath; dancinx platform; horses;
farming Implements; see this quick.' ,
$850^ — 3 miles of Geyservilie; 2V, acrea; 8-
room house, large barn. 2 good wells: rolling,
all In vineyard; oak trees; -fine pcultry farm.
$1000— Only 3 miles of £anta Rosa; 10 acres
black loam: 1 mile town; $300 down; fin* for
roadhouse.
$5500— Close to Callstoga. 90 acres; 45 level
productive loam soil: well fenced 'and cross-
fenced; plenty fine water; fine prune orchard;
good house, barn and outbuildings. We bare
a large list Of desirable somes in this locality.
Let us drive you around.
$2^0— North of Watsonvllle; 65 acres. 8 acres,
full bearing apples; U in grain; fine berry patch;
40 acres timber; flowing stream; 9-room house;
targe barn and granary; Water piped to build-
ings. We have a choice selection of fruit and
grain ranches at reasonable prices In this
vicinity See a few.
$0.100 — Rich alluvial valley land, near Buena
Vista station; 15 acres in full bearing orchard
and vineyard; modern 7- room house; new sta-
ble. Windmill, tank house, drying plant; farm,
ing tools; horse; 750 chickens; 2 cows; fully
equipped for poultry; only $2C0O down.
$G0o buys SO acres 1 mile of town; 15 creek
bottom; house* barn; orchard, vines, berries.
$1500 — 4 acres rich Russian River bottom
land; half mile of Geyservilie Sonoma Co.:
shade trees; house, barn, outbuildings. We
have at least 40 small orchards ani vineyard*
to offer in this fine section, where the quality
of the soil I* UnFurpr»?=«d and farm mortgages
are practically unknown.
$2?O0 — At Hopland: i'2 acres; t bearing vine,
yard; 8 hay and garden land; 2 beartng or-
chard; windmill, tank, toots; 100 laying hens;
half cash. » >
$1700— Only 9 miles jf San Jose, close to sta-
tion and town; 24 acres rolling land; Id acres
bearing prunes and cherries; good 5-room cot-
tage; stable, poultry houses: 3 summer houses
for summer boarders; running water: close to
school. Pee this quick.
$4750 — On Guadalupe Creek, south of San
Jose; 33 acres; 12 in full bearing orchard In
fine condition; balance gently sloping fine bay
land; fine creek; 25 magnificent oak* trees; 4-
room cottage: good stable ; fine Income. W»
have a choice list of small homes in Santa
Clara County; pleased to drive you around
and show them.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry' farms.
$15,000— 74 acres, about 30 Russian River
bottom land; 32 acres fine bearing vineyard:
16-room house; gas In every room; 2 barns;
brick storehouse: cement reservoir: large win-
ery and distillery: half mile of town; would
sub-divide; fine Investment.
$2S50 — 2% acrea In Petalutna: all bearing
fruit; new modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
6-foot basement; barn, horses and buggy; 9
poultry houses; brooder and brooder houses,
windmill and tank; water piped over place;
tools; 600 chickens; photos here.
$2950—34 acres near Watsonvllle: 200 apples]
6 acres fine potatoes: 2 acres timber;- balance
grain: 5-room cottage) barn, outbuildings.
S160O — Sonoma City: 4 acres rich dark loam;
all level; orchard: coiy Cottage, cement cellar:
barn, windmill and tank; B poultry houses; feed
room; 240 hens. W« handle all the choicest
property in this vicinity and will be pleased to
drive you around.
$1200—10 acres In vln» and fruit belt, near
I Lodl: sandy loam: 5- room house ana barn
$2500 — Near Santa Cruz. «O aOes rich 'al-
luvial soil: 9 acres orchard, mostly apples; 10
acres grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-room
house, bam.
$2000— Near Santa Crui, 12 acres; 2 in fruit;
house. 6 room*: barn.
Bend stamp for the largest and most diver-
sified printed llvt on the coast.
WHITE A BAYLEY.
\ Successors to
• W. 3. WHITE.
j .;* 2fl Montgomery st. room 8.
\y -f*- Property Exchanges a Specialty.
CATTLE ranch. 1750 acres. Sonoma County
lying west of Skaggs Springs; Gualala River
runs through ranch; fine feed, scattering
timber and tanbark plentiful; numerous
Fprlnjs: S acres In fruit; 40 In grain; house
barn, corrals, chicken houses, etc.; grand
trout Stream and deer plentiful; -300O acres
fencedi price or the 176O acres deeded land
$12.000. D. M. HANLON. 100 Crocker bldg.
FOR the best list of country property, farms
fruit and poultry ranches, stock ranches, al-
falfa artel timber lands, call or send for cata
logue. ROTHERMEL A CO.. &07 California st.
$700— RANCH ot 153 acre* In the mountains"-
10 miles from Uklah ; with small house and
barn: orchard; 20 acres farm land, rest wood
and pasture. ROTHERMEL St CO 607 Cal-
ifornia st.
ATTENTION. H0MESEEKER3!
Fend postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains tn California. C M. WOOSTER CO
eifl Market st.
CHEAPEST and best tn America — The 'Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada- cne year for $1.
IN the heart of the alfalfa district, near Stock-
ton; tract of land at a bargain. Owner, iH
Thirty-fourth St.. Oakland.
LABOR debts cbllected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy.,r.415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 617 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bulll».r.40,Phelan bldg.
Pagt Com. Geo. H; Thomas Post. G. A. R.
SALESMEN WANTED.
WANTED— Several flret-class shirtwaist sales,
men. having established trade In Western
States; state experience and references. Ap-
ply BRONNER MFG. CO.. Syracuse. N. Y.
SOX.ICITOBS.
SOLICITORS for merchant tailor; grjod induce-
ment. 1125 Market et.
CAHTVA6SEB8.
A GOOD canvasser for new proposition; some-
thing good. Call after 3 p. m., 415 Eleventh
et.. Oakland.
w AND WACJ0NS.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 180 Stevenson, S.F.
WANTED — A good strong horse suitable for
delivery wacon. Address box 1336, Call.
TWO carloads of cheap horses for sale or
trade. Fifteenth and Folsom sts.
FINE new business buggy; also second hand
buggy cheap. 523 Fulton St.
WANTED — A business buggy,"* rubber tired.
Box 1263, Call office.
GOOD horse for sale. Box 1896, Call office.
FOR sale— Buggy horse. $40. Apply 1317 La-
guna. st. ,
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission Et.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness. work and driving homes. 15th-Valtncla.
HOUSEB^TOJMBT.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send fbr^lr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO I.ET— STTBTyBaAK.
TO rent— Country home; 10 rooms: bath, piano
and carriage; cheap to right party; plenty
of water; ideal spot for poultry. Call 725
Turk. \
HOUSES TO LET— FPBRISHED.
HOWARD, 21.10, near Eighteenth — 8 rooms,
well furnished; rent $50. 1 to 4 p. m.
0 ROOMS completely furnished; small payment
down. Call at C47 Commercial st.
SUNNY, modern. 10-room hnus» and 8-room
fiat, elteantly furnished. 4111 Oak »t,
HOTJ3ES FtTBITISHEP— gQB 8A1B.
HOUSE of 7 rooms, nicely furnished; all eun-
ny; must sell; reasonable. 478A Turk St.
HOUSES WANTED. _
WANTED — Furnished house. Western Addi-
tion, about 9 or 10 rooms; two adults. Box
170H. Call office.
LOFTS TO LET.
SIXTH floor In our building at 831 -MH Market
Ft. i also storage room in our wholefwle build-
ing, bet. Htevchpon and Jessie streets. THE
WILEY \i. ALLEN CO.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ;tel. Park 775.
LOST AND FOUKS.
LOST— Lady's black leather handbag, gold
mountings, on Folaom st. car or broadgauge
Oakland ferry, Friday murhing; contents-
little money, gold watch and chain and other
valuables; $10 reward. Address 18 Essex st.
LOST — On Market st.. t«t. Holmes' book store
and cor Eighth, tialr gold-bowed spectacles In
case, marked "Berleling." Leave lti Kearny.
LOST — Blue Dane dot?, with collar and li-
cense. Return to 3371 21st St.; reward.
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Belling your old gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made Into new
watch cases. 220 Butter st
LOST— Gordon setter blteh. Return to 114.'$
Mission st.: reward.
LATJWCHXS FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business ; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaells Launch Co., Union-st. Wharf; boat-
» leg & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ;tel. John 2683.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. ; phone South 216.
MINES AND MI NINO.
INCORPORATE your mining or buslriess~ln-
tereats; it's more businesslike; many ad-
vantages; ask me what It costs; directorate
secured; stock sold; new Ideas. A. F. HA-
RASZTHY. 522 Crossley bldg.. S. F.
THE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
OPMENT CO., room 13, 830 Pine st..- will In-
corporate and finance propositions of merit;
buy?, sells, develops and operates mines.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fepo; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or Write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES— H you are in trouble, confide In me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say thla. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relie!
guaranteed; 80 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008H Market St.. opp. 6th.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' specialist, now
visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on of about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st.
DR. O. W. O*DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice tree. Office 1018 Market st.
PRAE — Dr. Robertson's remedy; a protection
against irregularities; absolute safety guur-
"anteed; ?1 box. Ttte Robertson Co., 615
Orant bid?.. Market and 7th sta., S. F., Cal.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE8 and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth St. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Rugglei Drug Co., Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2C93 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; C10.
MISCELLANEOUS— -TOE 8ALB.
ROCKING HORSES GALLOPING HORSES
FOR SALE • FOR SALE.
Up-to-date Christmas present.
Manufactured on premises.
No worthless toy — built for durability, pleas-
ure and comfort of children. ,
Prices very reasonable^ — will b« sold to chil-
dren on weekly installments If desired. Call
and investigate for yourselves.
E. G. LIND, 875 Harrison st if near Third.
W ALLPAPER.
3 He— Per roll— S%e.
"He, gold embossed; was 35c.
Everyday household paint, $1 a gallon.
These goods are first-class, up to date.
Samples mailed; write us.
Hou«e painting, paper hanging:, whitening;
and tinting. MERIGAN,
New, stcre. 1424 Ellis st. and 1802 Webster
st. ; phone Jacksou 1321.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beal« st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
. TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-187 Fremont st.
DOEB YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over. old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERlTE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
WANTS ir THEY ONLY KNOW WHAT YOU WANTTexas street. 225 S of Nineteenth, S 25 by W
100: J2149.
Ellen A. Fife. Sarah A. Perry, Mary S. T>.
Perry and William Melns (owners) with C. c"
"W. Haun (contractor), architects Sutton &
Weeks — All work for construction of party wall
between property of above owners 55 feet along
property of Ellen A. Fife and between her
property and that of the other parties of the
first part, on N line of California street 115
W of Jones. W 55 by N 137:6; $1400.
Annie E. Pringle (owner) with J. Pritchard
and F. C. Wehland (contractors), archi
tects — All work for a two-story frame building
(four Hats) on N line of Army street. 171 E of
Church. 25 by 114.; J5465.
Mary E. and George J. Bucknall to Mabry
McMahan, rcrecord 2054 D. 175, Outside Lands,
block 9C6, bounded by O and P street, Twenty
first and Twenty-second avenues, quitclaim
deed; (5.
Georpe D. Edwards to same, rerecord 2049
D. 164, same; $10.
Same to same, same 2062 D. 96, lot on NW
corner of Twenty-seccnd avenue and Q street,
W 182:8, NE 600. E 150:2, S 690, quitclaim
deed; $5.
Mary E. and George J. Bucknall to same,
rerecord 2042 D. 377, same; «10.
Joseph and Elizabeth Ferea to Virginia
Ferea, .lot commencing at boundary post 12
of patent survey of San Miguel Rancho, being
end of twelfth course. SW 403. W 137 to San
Francisco and San Jose Railroad, thence U05
to twelfth course, SW 505, lots 1 to 3, block 1
Belle Roche City; $10.
Vlsltaclon Water Company (corporation) to
Pietro Bertolone, lot on S corner of Twenty
fifth avenue and K street, SE 75 by SW UK)
lot 8, block 4'J5, Bay View Homestead; $450.
Sarah J. and Charles Johnson to Joseph La
bourdette, lot on SW line of Sixth avenue
225 SE of M street. SE 25 by SW 100, block
122, Central Park Homestead Association; $10
Same to Jacqufs Bertrane. lot on SW line
of Sixth avenue. 200 SE of M street, SE 25 by
SW 100, block 122, same; $10.
Alliance Building and Loan Association to
Alice McGowan (wife of H. H.), undivided
one-seventh of lots 43 and 44. block 9. Flint
Tract; ?10.
Walter J.- and Sarah E. Geimann to Alice
McGowan, undivided one-seventh of same; $10.
Georse and Mary Geimann to same, undi
vided one-seventh of same: $10.
Minna W. Sheehy (Borland) to Ruby A. Jew
ell, lot on NE corner of Lombard and Web
ster streets,- E 137:6 by N 137:B; $10.
Joseph and Adelheid Schwartz to Emma Lev
ison. lot on NE corner of Buchanan etreet and
Golden Gate avenue, E 137:6 by 119:0; $10
Alexander, Harry. Benjamin and Minnie
Levlson and Jennie Levene (Levison) to Emma
Lsvlcon, same, quitclaim deed; $10. |
1 Harry. Benjamin and Minnie Levison and
Jennie Levene (Levison) to Alexander and L1I
lie Levison, lot on E line of Buchanan street.
137:0 S of Turk, S 18 by E 137:6, quitclaim
deed; flO. >
Ann and Reese Llewellyn to Mary J. Tib
betts. re-record 1921 d. 429. lot on E line of
Masonic avenue, 125 S of Golden Gate avenue
S 25 by E 106:3; : $10. ,¦ ¦ -. '
Mary J. Pedorsen (Tibbetts) to Henry E. and
Minna I. Bockman. eame; $10. '
Frank R. and Sophie Grannis - to Antonio
Lalolo, lot on SW corner of Sacramento and
Spruce streets, W 32 :« by S 82:7%; $10.
: Frank and Anna Schmltt to Archibald Scott
lot on N line of Sixteenth street, 100 E of Cas
tro,E ?5 by N 115; $10. -
Realty Improvement Company to Netta
Brace, lot 2«, Lyon and Hoag subdivision of
Mission Block 120;. $10. . : _
; Mallnde and Frithof , Bronson > (Gulbrandsen)
to Denis : and Catherine Flynn, lot - on W line
32:6 H by a w 1 * 0 '™^?"* 1 **-'***- N
George C. Parkinson to Ella A. McLean, lot
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Same owner with National Electric Com
pany (contractors), architects same — Electric
light wiring and telephone wiring for same on
Bame; $1883. ,
Same owner witli Otis Elevator Company
(contractors)/ architects same — Electric pas
senger elevator for same on same; $3300.
Same owner with John H. Keefe (contrac
tor), architects same — Painting, tinting, etc.,
for same on same: $2500.
Same owner. with Charles Dunloo (contrac
tor), architects same — Lathing, plastering and
fire proofing for same on same: Sti'150. - \ -
Carrie O. Young (owner) with C. P. Moore
(contractor), superintendent G. E. McCrea All
work except grading. Interior painting, electric
light: fixtures.^ lock sets, window fasteners
wood and plaster ornaments, hardwood floors!
hinge plates, sidewalk for a two-story . and at
tic frame dwelling house on S line of Vallejo
street, 110 W of Devisadero, W - 30:6 by S
137:6; $4925- ¦-'-.<. ., J Y-_
'- Patrick Howard (owner) with C. JV.Antwller
(contractor), architect. M. J. Welch — All work
for a one-story frame building on W line of
L. Auerbach (owner)* with G. P. W. Jensen
(contractor), architects Salfleld & Kohlberg —
Excavation, concrete, carpenter work, plaster
ing. erlazinR. hardware, roofing and tinning for
a four-story frame building on NE corner of
Broadway and Kearny etreet, E 37:6 by N
57:6: $0550.
Giovanni Campi (owner) with Ratto Broa.
(contractors), architect Charles J. Rousseau —
All work for a two-story frame building (fiats)
on E line of Fair Oaks street. 288 S of
Eighteenth. S 25. E 99:9, NW 25.18. W 96:8;
$4750.
Elizabeth Hildebrecht (owner) with J. Bucber
& Co.- (contractors), architect Otto Hildebrecht
— All work for a two-story frame building on
E line of Belvedere street. 130 N of Frederick;
$6300.
Harvey H. Dana (owner) with Sanitary De
vices Manufacturing Company (contractors),
architects Cunningham & Pollteo — Sweeping
plant and compressed . air systrm and piping
for same for an eight- story and basement brick
building on SE corner of Union -square avenue
and Stockton street, S 44 by E 70; $1800.
Same owner with A. Merle Company (con
tractor), I architects same — Ornamental iron
work for same on same; $2194.
Frederick C. and Met. K. to John H. Tim
mine, lot on S line of Crescent street. 46:8 E
of Porter. E 23:4 by S 75, lots 70, 78 and 80,
Holliday map A; $10.
.Builders' Contracts.
Solomon and Dora Getz to William P. and
Nancy Filly, lot on SE line of Madrid street.
150 NE of Persia. NE 25 by SE 100, block 37.
Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Anna D. Joost to William and Josephine
Schabert, lot on NE line of Ninth avenue, 120
NW of L street. NW 30 by NE 100, block 165.
Central Park Homestead; $10.
Investor (corporation) to Joseph Fassler. lot
on NW line of Telegraph road, 81 NE of
Ottawa street. NW 234. NE 80, SE 220, SW 81,
lot 14, block "2, West End map No. 1; $10.
Diedrich and Aznes P. Hesse to Solomon
Getz, lot on N corner of China avenue and
London street, NW 75 by NE 100, block 1,
Excel3lor Homestead; $10.
Aaron & Babette Cahn to John Turner and
Owen Owens (Turner & Owens), lot on S line
of Falrmount street, 190:6 E of Palmer, E 25
by S 126. block 15. Falrmount; $10.
on SE corner of Twenty-fifth and Capp streets,
E 115, S 108:4. W 31, N 19:4. W 2:8, N 29:1,
-W 81:6, N 59:11: gift.
Herrmann D. Hoffmann to Patrick J. Dona
hue, lot on E line of Church street, 177 N of
Twenty-fourth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
, Frank and Margaret Creem to Lorenzo and
Tamaso Biagi. lot on SW line of Stanford
street. 150 NW of Townsend, KW 25 by SW
80; $10.
Cecelia Castelle to Dora Hoffman, lot on
SW line of Fourth street. 137:6 NW of How
ard. NW 34:4V>. SW 90, NW 34:4%. SW 70.
SE 68:9, NK ICO; $10.
William A. and Thomas Magee Jr. and as
trustees of estate of Thomas Magee Sr.. and
Frederick E., Walter and Helen C. Magee to
Union Trust Company, lot on N corner Of
Townsend and Sixth streets, NE 275 by NW
137:6; $10.
Oscar Heyman to Frederick Cameron, lot
on E line of Utah etreet, 275 S of Twenty
fifth. S 25 by E 100: $10.
Frederick L. Winn to Serena Wlnn. lot on
E line of Vermont street, 150 N of Twenty
fifth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
H. B and Laura A. Plnney to Rowena M.
Danhauer, lot on E line of Seventh avenue,
74:11 S of California street. S 25 by E 90;
$10.
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company
to Emma Braunton, lot on E line of Fortieth
avenue, 250 S of A street. S 23 by E 120; $10#
Feodor Feddersen to Ida M. Cambridge, lot
on S line of J street. 32:6 W of Forty-sixth
avenue. -W 25 by S 100; $10.
Edward Koehn to John F. Rltter. lot on E
line of Tenth avenue. 225 S of K street. S
25 by E 120: $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Archibald and
Ida M. Cambridge, lot on NE line of Great
Highway and L street. N 32:6 by K 120; $10.
.Augusta and Julius Dobrzensky to Jacob
Heyman Company; lot on E line of Forty -
,flfth avenue, 250 S of T street, S 50 by E
120; also lot on W line of Forty-fifth avenue,
225 S of T street, S 50 by W 120; $10.
Amelia Walsh (Wood) to Rocco Cereghlno.
lot on S lino of Marshal street, 191:11 E of
county road. E 60 S 184 :2 to Silver avenue,
W 00:2, N 179:2. lots 8 and 9, block 4, Col
lege Homestead; $10.
Adolph Lubech to John H. Speck, lot on S
line of Stanley street, 50 E of Bright, E 50
by S 100, lots 26 and 27, block 52, city land;
$10.
Paul Bunker to Carrie R. Avery, lot on N
line of Sherman street, 75 W of Montlcello.
\V 25 by N 100. lot 4, block 4, city land; also
lot on W line of Devisadero street. 82:7% N
of California, N 50 by W 110; gift.
John and Johanna Brandt. to Edward A. and
Louise Kami's, lot on SE line of San Jose
street. 215:1% NE of Twenty-ninth, NE 25:5.
SE 80:8%, SW 24:11%. NW to beginning,
being lot o0. Tiffany & Dean Tract; $10.
The object of these entertainments is
to aid in completing the permanent
fund of the Teachers' Annuity and Re
tirement Association. The teachers are
engaged in a labor of love in behalf of
those of their number whose long years
of service and devotion as teachers have
earned the right to retire honorably
from the service; or who have been
compelled through failing health to lay
aside the activities of teaching.
In the early history of this organiza
tion the annuitants received a larger
sum than it is now possible to pay.
The number of retired teachers main
tained by the annuity fund has grad
ually increased and in consequence of
this fact the fund devoted to their
maintenance has been greatly dimin
ished.
The vaudeville shows to be produced
upon the stage of the Chutes Theater
and in the Chutes Pavilion promise
to bring out children of unusual tal
ent who have volunteered their services
for this worthy cause. On the Rie!to
there will be booths galore, where all
kinds of refreshments can be obtained
at nominal prices. Teachers from dif
ferent schools will serve" all patrons
and look out for the t wants of the
youngsters. Miss S. M. Wilson will
have charge of the refreshment booths.
Miss Alice Stlncen. Mrs. Brogan, Miss
Phillips and Miss Kervan, with assist
ants, will superintend the other booths.
The doll booth of the Denman School,
under the command of Mrs. Love, will
be a feature. Eight hundred beautiful
dolls will be sold cheaply.
Among the features of the pro
gramme are the following: Bothwell
Browne's pupils in "The Princess Fan
Tan"; "The Queen of Beauty," under
the direction of Miss Elizabeth Mcln
tosh; Chinese children, gorgeous' in
colored gowns; the Columbia Park
Boys' Club; pupils of ' Professor
O'Brien's dancing school; a one-legged
dance by Mrs. Saidee Bugbee.
Final arrangements for the benefit to
be griven at the Chutes this week for
the San Francisco Teachers' Annuity
fund are practically completed. Every
thing is in readiness for the opening
to-day. It will be a week of pleasure
for the children. The last rehearsal in
the children's vaudeville show took
place Saturday.
A Programme of Merit Will
Be Given Each Day This
Week at Chutes Theater
CLEVEE YOUTH TO ACT
Benefit for Teachers' An
nuity Fund Promises to
Be Crowned 'With Success
WEEK OF GAYETY
FOR YOUNGSTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL*, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1904.
10
APASTMggT HOPSSS.
c T TjOtTIS 1573 Jackson— Marine view; 3-4-B
V^nt: fum or »nfur.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
ROOMS TOLST-jPiita. and ITnfnrn.
TZTuKUXiT'lVICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
"j£ to $1 per nijfht, $1 20 to $S per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
at "The Almonte." *73 Market et. <or No. 1
i ; ifth 6 t.)-Rooms. -Ac. 50c. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 &0 to $10 •week: house open all night.
litLMOND House, over Owl drug store, 2 en-
tranr»6 112t> Market and 21 Turk — Electric
Uchts: • running water in every room; 200
rood*; 25c to We per night; $1 23 to $3 week.
CL".-H. 1C33 — Bonny lumirhed room; running
«at#V. eicctric liclus: elegant, new. modern;
'¦"V flat.
1>K1;SSMAKER wants milliner or lady in
business to aliare her rooms. Box 2350. Call.
CDDT, 2. corner Market and Powell — Furnish-
ed rooms.
EOOT, 210 — Private, elegant. Bunny single and
(Jcuble rooms; reasonable; 56 to $14.
EIGHTH ave.. R74-STS. near Golden Gate
Park— Two sunr.y hay-window rooms; fur-
nished o r unfurnished; reasonable.
GRAND Peatban. Tth and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 •-!.-» ritrht : N oO to SG wk.; reading-room.
HATES. ISC ear. V.an Ness — T-r.-o tingle sunny
room*, fcuiialiie fcr s--nts. $C. j
HAYES. C79 — Xlcc!y furniebed ninny room.
HATES. 45<3 — A nicely furnished room cheap.
JiAYnS. 787 — F-or.t and hack parli>r and two
Kir.Rlc rooms and use of kitchen; gas, bath
and t>h-jiie; call bet. 12 and 2 o'clock.
HOWARD. 71j — Lar^e sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to tl day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 737'.i— ManU'.a: nioely sunny fur-
nished room* trr-m Si W> up. Call.
J12SSIE. 5"J — A sunn}- front furnished room;
also bsBSs> room; bath. cas. phone,
JONES. 923. near Bush — Sunny front alcove
room." cosy corner, $20.
KCARXT 323 — Two nioety furnished suite*.
LEAVENT\'ORTH, 1521 — Two or three rooms,
furnished or uafcrtdshed, for housekpg. ; $10.
MARKET. 759 — Sunny rooms.
MARKET. 1010 <The FaJmouth) — Sunny
roomp; hot. cold water, elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st. — ftK>
single aud family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
S2 to $8 p*r we*fc ; the only new and modern
hotei and rooming-house in San Francisco
that hac office on irround floor, hot and coll
water, electric lights, ca.il bells, steam beat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator c.ervice day aod night to its guests.
MINNA. G69 — Two eingle rooms; sunny and
reasonable.
MISSION. 1534. near Eleventh — Sunny single
front, room; $1 50 per week; private house.
MISSION, 27CS — One nicely furnished room.
NINETEENTH, 3527 — Front room; furnished;
gentleman; two rooms, light housekeeping,
rent reasonable, in warm belt.
OAK. 124— Klf-cant front room, lower floor;
private house; $10 month.
OCTAVIA, 1157, Ells-st. car— Housekeeping
eulteo.
O'FARRELL,. 571— Newly furnished rooms at
a reasonable rate by the month. »V
O'FARRELX.. 1520. near Buchanan — Large
furnished room; hot and cold water; bath;
l'hone; $10; one email furnished room $6;
private.
PAGE. lfiOO — Parlor suite, lavatory, ras
grate, kitchen; single rooms, furnished and
unfurnished.
PINE. 1733. block from Van Ness — Nicely fur-
nished room; b£th; phone; running water;
leasonable.
]T»5T, fi»^ — Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
$*« month: bath, phone; modern.
BOTAIi BOCSE.12* Ellis— Incandescent lights;
resii'nR-roora. smoking-room and ladtes" par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to tS; month. SS to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SECOND. 231. between Howard and Folsom —
Nicfiy furnished front rooms to let.
SOPHHON1A. CORNER JONES AND GEART
-MOiT ELEGANT. SUNNY 8UITE AND '
SINGLE ROOMS WITH BATH; ALL. MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES: ELRVATOR RUNS i
AT .A \Sl. HOUIiS; CAKE; RATES VERT
REASONABLE.
THE ST. KATHRYN, CORNER ELL-IS AND
L-KAVEXWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CIT1": NEVV*
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SER-
VICE HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM (3 MONTH.
THE Lwchmont, 361 Sutter— X«w brick bldg.,
finely furnished; hot. cold wat«r. steam heat,
privilege lo baths; $3 to |6 week.
THIRD. 308 — Elegant clean rooms 25c. 50c. ,
75c. fl night: bath: gas; $1 25 to $4 week; ;
also houixiceeping and single rooms, 5 1 7T»-$4.
VJNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — »00
roomf ?.."»c to $1 night, tl 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator. r?ad.-room: free bus; baggage.
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d Bt., near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
ZSs to tl M nigrht: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
•¦If. lichts; resdiriK-room: free bus; basga.se.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furn'.fhed rooms from 15c per night up.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions haa
been opened at IO0S Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sta.
B00M3 AITOBOABi^
FRANKLIN, 1C39 — A large, sunny, front
room, suitable for two; excellent taole; terms
Moderate.
CWLUEX GATE ave.. 1031. nr. Jefferson park
— Furnished frcnt room; bath; private house;
good board. $24; two $25 per month.
OCTAVIA. 1325. cor. Sacramento — Overlooking
Lafayette square: comfortable rooms and
excellent home board.
TTANTED — Worklnrman to board in pleasant
honi^: borne cooking; bath; no children- all
night cars pass door; cheap. 121S'-j Turk st.
172 KAWTHORXE. near Harrison— Pleasant
room for young lady, with board; large
clof-t: reasonable. .
A — POST. 1114. near Van Ness are. — Sunny
rooms; exctllcnt board: references.
BUSH. 799 — Room and board; convenient lo-
cation; moderate; phone Black 5C02; refs.
CHS8TSCUT, 2C6— Two large front rooms with
bcird; German family; $5 each.
EDDY. C26 — Room and board at reasonable
rates.
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park — nn» turn.
sunny rooms; table board: reas.; new manag.
ELLIS. 433— Nice furnished rooms, with excel-
leat French tab> board; ieaa.; fine location.
JH-LJS, 3174— Room and board for refined
young man in private American family; $20.
FREMONT. S16 — To let, room with board.
FRANKLIN. 20%— Single furnished room,
wita or without board.
FlcONT room with board for two. 1311A Ma-
sonic eve.
GERMAN lady would like to board child and
room for father. . Box 2049. Call office.
GUERRERO. 114 — Very sunny rooms, wltn
board; runnlrg water.
HAIGHT. 60— Nicely furnished single rooms;
good koine eocklns; reasonable.
HOWARD. MIA — Firat -claes board and Toom.
single or double. $5-$G wk. ; American family.
HOWARD. 11 13 A — Nice Jarre front room to
let. with or without board.
HYDE. 609— Nicely furnished roomt In good
location; reasonable; with board.'
JONES. 1310 — Well furnished" rooms; marine
view; excellent board; references.
1114 POST, near Van Ness ave. — Sunny rooms -
excellent board; references.
700 VAN NESS , ave. — Elegant sunny suite*
fim-clast table; also single rooms.
PtevenBon Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
EO7 California — See rooms. learn prices, try table
BOOMB A3TP SOABP WABTOB.
PRIVATE home or sanitorluni for a woman en-
tirely helpless; will pay HO. Apply by let-
ter only, yr. M. TENCH. S54 Mtatlon »t.
ROOMS with board. 1161 Turk st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Th« Weekly Call
16 r agts, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year."
& RAILWAY iTKAYferfc. t
S**C~li > jSi\. Tra* n " Iwre and are rtn»
(SptfpSSTi SAN FRANCISCO.
\V *Jr (Toot of Market Street >
r.«A-nt - MAIN LINE. - a«iut«
7 COa Vicurillf, VVinterB. Kumary 7 50*
7.00a Benida, Elmlra anil Sacramento . 7.2Cf»
7 -30a Vullejo. Nspa. Callsuur*. Santa
IUm*. Martinez. Saa fcunon B.2Ts»
7 30a Nile*. Tracy. Lutbrop, fltoclc:»n.... 7 20*
8 00ASh»it» Kxpre»»— (Via l)a»U).
William*. Willows. tFrut.% lied
Blurt. Portland, Tacoma, Seatiln 7-53*
8 OCA Davis. Woodland. Knlgbta Lundine.
MarysTille. Orovllle 7-53*
8-30* Port Costa. Martinez. Antiocn.
Byron. Tracr. Stockton. Xew-
man. Lo» Ranoa, Me." 1 dot*.
Armona. HanforO. Viaalia.
ForterYllle «.20»
8-30a Port Costa, Modesto. Merced.
Fresno. Go»&en Junction. Haa-
ford, VlsaMa. Haksrs.ieKt 4.50*
8 30 A Ntles, 8»n Jo»«. I.tvecmor*. SiocVc-
ton. (tMlltoni. lone. S»cr»ra«?nt(*
MarysTlIie. Chtco. tte.l ninJt .... 4.22f»
8 30 a OafccUle. Chinese. Jam'-sto™. So-
nor*. Tuoliimne anj Angela 4 2u<»
9 POa Atlantic Express— Ofcden *n<! Ea«t. 5 2D(»
8 JOa Richmond, Martinez and Way
Stations 6 50P
ID-COAThn Overland Limited — Ofrrten.
Omaha. Chicago. Ueurer. Kansaa
10-ooa v. 0 , 1 !, 3 ;^.^!?::::::.::::::::::::: iliBZ
10.00a Los Angles Tawenger — Tort
Coata. Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lftthrop. Stockton. Merced,
liaymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Uanford. Lemoore. Vlsalla,
BakenUeld. Loa Anceles J2S*
12.0CM Harward. Nlleaand Way Station!. 3-20*
11.00PSacrameatoRlTer Steamers tli.OOP
3-30P BfDicln. Winter*. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarysvtUe, Oro^llle and way
•tttlons 1 2§2*
S-3CP Hayward. Xllea and Way Stations.. 7-50»»
4.0CP Martincz.San liamon.ValIeJo.Napa,
''- CalintOfra, Santa Uosa 9 ZUA
4 OOP Nile*. Tracr. Btockton. Lodl
4-3CP Hayward. Nilea. IrTlnston. Sant t3.50A
Jose. Lt»ermore I tii.oOA
8-OOPTbe Owl Limited— N'ewm^n. Los
Banos. Mrndot a. Fresno. Tular%
— Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 8-5pA
To 30p Hayward. Ktlea ami ban Josa ..... 7.ZOA
• COp Hayward. Nlles and Saa Jose 9-60*
6 COp Eastern Express— Omaba. Cnlraso.
Denrer. Kansas City. Sc. Loals,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento.
Col fax, Keno. Sparks, ronopan,
Keeler. Oeden 12.50*
•.OOP Vtllejo, dally, exeept Sunday.... I 7 S n.
7-OCp Vallejo. SnnUay only f '•»•"'
7X0P Klrhmond. Baa Pablo. Port Coata,
Martinez and Way Station* 11-20*
8-OSPPort Costa. Martinez. Byron,
Tracy, Lnthrop. Modesto.
Merced. Berenda, Fresno and
Way 8ta«ons beyond Port Costa IZ-ZO*
8-OSp Tosemite Valley, via Berenda and
Wawona (Monday, Wednesday
and Friday) .5-52*
B.OSPUarUnex. Tracy. Stockton 10-20A
8 O&p Oregon * California Express— Sac-
ramento. MarysTllle, Reading. mmmt
Portland. Poeet Sound and East. 8-50A
8.1 Op Hsyward. Nlles tad Sun Jose {Una-
day only) 11.804
COAST LINE (J«r« W U>u;»).
(foot of Marifit Street.)
8.16a Newark. OenterTlIle. Saa Jos«,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Crui and Way Stations 5-65*
f215p Newark, Centerrllle, San Jose,
New Aimaden.Los G»;os. Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations tlOSS*
4.18P Newark. San Jose. Loa Gatos... | £
«930p Banters' Train (Saturday only) —
San Jose and Way Station* t7.25p
COAST* LINE (Itruad «.an>e).
' CF" (Third aod Townsenci Streets.)
6- 10a Bun Jose and Way Stations G 30p»
700a San Jose aad Way Stations B40(*
BCOa New Almadea (Tues.. Frid.. only). 4.10*
8 00a The Coaster — San Jose. SaUna*.
San Anio, Paao Rubles. Santa
Margarita. Ban Lais Obispo.
Gnadalupe, Gaviota. Santa Bar-
bara. San BnonaTentura, Mon-
tu! vo. Oxnard. Burbank, Los
Angeles 10-33*
8 COA Gllroy. Uollister. Caatrovllle, De]
Monte, Pacific Grove. Surf. Lom-
poc 10.30*
8.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos.Watsonville,
Capltola, Santa Crnz, PaciOc
Grore. Salinas. San Inn Ohispo
and Principal Wat Stations. ... 4-10t»
1040a Ean Jose and Way Stations 1.20?
11 30a San Jose and Way Mat!o»« 7.JQ=»
2-15P San Jose and Way Stations 838A
3-tOP D'l Monte Express — Santa Clara,
San Jost- , W a t » » n v 1 1 1 c Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove 12 15»
13-00P Loa Gatoa. Wriebt. Boulder Creeic.
Santa Cruz, yla Santa Clara and
Narrow Gange +10 45a
8-30P Valencia St.. Sont.1 San Franrlsco,
BurMngame, San Jose, Gilroy,
Holilster, Tres Plnos 10.4^*
4-30p Pan Jo»e ana Way Stations +8 OCA
tS-COP Santa Clara, Ssn Jose. Lo» (iatos.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
.'- „_ ."P. 1 Sunday) t900*
|5.30p SanJoseanrfPrlnctpalWayStatton* I3.40A
645P SoDsct Express.— Ke£woo<!. Saa
Jose. G Uroy.Sallnas, Paso Uoblea,
tan Lais Obispo. Sant* Barbara,
Los Anceles. Deinlnjf. Kl Psno.
St.Louis, New Orleans, XewTork a 10a
B.45P Pajaro. Watsonville. Canitola.
Santa Crtii. CastroTlUe, Del
Montr, Paclflc Orore 10.30s»
18.15P 6anMateo,Bere«ford,BeImont,Saa
Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
Memo Park. Palo Alto t8 4I»a
8 30p 8 an Jose and Way Stations. 8-38a
8-OOp P»!o Alto and Way Stations... 1Q |5 A
11 .30p South SanFranclsco. Mlllbrae. Bur-
lingame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Meaio Park, aad V»\o A!t<v.. +9 *£¦
•rliSOPUaytleld. Mountain View, Sonny- " > * ap
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
s * nJo » e t».45»
AlorMornmc P for Afteraooa.
t Sunday excepted. J Sunday only
f * Saturday only. ft Monday only.
{Stops at all atations on Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market Street,
SAJT FBAXCXSCO TO SAW BAPAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 13S5.
3:SO. 5:10. «:3O p. m. Thursdays — Extra tri»
at 11:30 z>. rn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and ll:3O p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30 33O
6:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m. *
SAN BAFAEl TO SAK PBAXCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— «: 05. T:35. 7:50, 9:20. 11 •»
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. &:2O p. m
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:OO. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.: l:4O 3-40L
4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. •
£«*ve I la Effect I Arrlw
San Francisco. lOct. 2. 1904.) San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am 9:10am 8:40am
9:30am Xgnaclo 10:40am lO:20sua
3:30pm 3:S0pm «:O5pm 6:=Opm
5:10pm 5:0Opm 7:33pm
T :30am 9:10am 8:40am
8:00am Novato 10:40am 10:20am
. 8:30pm 0:30am Petaluma ft:05pm 8:20pm
& :10pm 3:30pm and 7 :33pm
5:00pm Santa Rosa
7:30am * 10:40am 10:20am
8:00am Fulton 7:35pm S:2Opza
3:30pm 3:30pm
Windsor
7:30am 8:00am Healdsburt; 10:40am 10:20am
-~ Lytton
3:30pm 3:30pm Geyservilla T:S5pm 8:20pm
Cloverdale
7:3Oam| 8:0naml Hopland llO:40amjlO:20am
3:3Opm| 3:3Opm| and Ulclah | 7:35pm| 8:2Oppa
j ¦ I Willlts and I j
7:30am| 8:0Gam[ Sherwood | 7:35pm| 8:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am |10:40am|10:2Oam
3:30pm| 3:30pm Guernevllle | 7:3opm| A:20pra
7:30am| 8:00am| Sonoma I 9:10am| 8:40am
5:10pm| 5:<X>pmi Glen Ellen | 6:05pm| S:2Opni
7:3Oam| 8:00am| ]U>:40amiir>:2Oam
3:3Opm| 3:SUpm| Sebastopol | 7:35pmj 6:20pm
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs: at Clorerdale for the Geysers, Boone-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport, Bartlett
Springs and Lake Co. Hot Springs; at Ukiata
for Vichy Springs, Saratoga 8prinss. Blua
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Up-
per Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's,
Riverside. LJeriys, Eucknell's. Sanhedrln
HetghU, HuUville. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins, Jlen.looino City.
Fort Bragg. Westport and Uaal: at Willits
lor Hearst and Sawyers; at Bherwood for Fort
Bragg. Cahto. CovelOi Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlngs, Bell's Springs. Harris. Uubbard. Fruit-
land. Dyer. Garbervllle, Camp 5, Pepperwood.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Sah Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlcla
building.
JAS. I* FRAZIER, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Let** Tla MaataUto Ferri irrin
San grandsco r—t »f M»rtrt U. San Branciscsj.
W«ek 8 ma- gra Suu- Week "
Days, dar*. /f«»t«K day*. Days.;
77^7T. 6:30a R£waafc*l 12:43 1-^8:43*
10:00a V2»S!gEw 2:03r»M:03«,
idrOO A 11:00 a 3:33 r 3:35 p
1:45 r 12.20 r TO9>*££/ 5:40 r 6:1 Si
• :l»r 1:45 r 6:13 r 10:0* >
......... 4:34r I «:80P •— .
•TW grwtty Car. » ftsuliata U MO ta"n.
Ticxjt >«26MAKxrr&t. (HactaBhora B»nrr»sJ3
• fimen 1 aad Savsauto F*ji*t, foot Mar** **•
AUCTION SALES
j£a fe -fe
AT AUCTION.
50 Head of Choice Selected
Heavy Draft Horses
JUST AEEIVED.
Weight from 1400 to 1730. from 5 to 8 years
old. I can safely say they are the best lot of
Draft Horses ever offered at public or prtvata
! sale in San Francisco. We invite Intending
purchasers to come and look this stock over.
as they will bear a close inspection for
soundness, and they are suitable for truck
men, contractors, heavy delivery of any kind,
and the San Francisco Fire Department
should inspect this lot. as they are what they
want, and they must and will be sold to the
highest bidder. Eale takes place Monday. Oc-
tober 3. at 11 o'clock, at the International
Horse Market, corner Twelfth and Harrison
streets.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer. *•
£* .fea fe>
75 Horses for Sale
By order of S. T. Campbell of San Miguel.
I wih sell at PUBLIC AUCTION. 73
HORSES. BROKEN AND UNBROKEN.
weighing from 1000 to 140O pounds, also a car
of YEARLING COLTS. This is a select lot
of young geldings and mares, all close built
animals and solid colors. .j
Sale Takes 'Place WEONESDAY, Oct. 5
At J. B. iToRAnVsALESYARD?
Cor. TENTH and BRYANT STS.
Horses are at yards and ready for lnspec-
tlon. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
£ft £i* £^
100 Horses for Sale
J. V. BUTTON will «ell at PUBLIC AUC-
TION. ONE HUNDRED HORSES, broken
and unbroken, weighing from 1000 to 1500
pounds. This Is the third and last consign-
ment of the double square horses which will
b* offered at auction this leason and are the
best all-purpose horse* ever offered for sala
on this market.
Sale Takes Place MONDAY, Oct. 10
At J. B. HORAN's'sALESYARD,
Cor. TENTH and BRYANT STS.
Horses can be seen at yards any day previ-
ous to sale.
AUCTION SALE
OB*
50 Head of Work, Driving and
Saddle Horses,
Weighing from 1000 to 1700 pound*.
Consigned by C. L. Taylor, Batavia, and others.
To b* sold
MOJTDAY EVENING, OCTOBES 3. 1904
at 7:45 o'clock at salesyard.
1732 MARKET ST.. near Van Ness ave.. S. T.
FRED tl. CHASE & CO.. Livestock Auc-
tioneers.
Horses at yard Saturday. October 1. 1904.
Send for catalogue.
Closing-Out Sale!
By order of A. JACOBS I will sell the con-
tents of the
What Cheer Stable, 113 Jackson St.
Between, Front and Davis,
consisting of 75 good alt purpose horses. 20
business buggies, 20 rubber tired buggies, 10
good surries, 2 almost new traps, 20 good
wagons. 35 seta of single harness. 20 sets of
double harness, 20 sets of good wagon har-
ness, robes, blankets, whips, tools. Sale is
positive, as all of the tenants must vacate on
account of new building. Sala takes placa
Monday, October 3. at 1 p. m.
WM V CLOUGH, Anctloneer.
*v- There will be an auction sale at 1140
zfciv Folsom St., Tuesday. Oct. 4, at 11 a.
m.. of 1. doctor's horse, phaeton and harness;
4 rubber tire runabouts. 1 rarm wagon. 1 ex-
press waeon and team, also a large assort-
ment of horses, wagons, buggies, surries. carts
and harness. WILLIAM CLOUGH, Auct.
5^ *Sx £r*
Auction sale at Arcade Horse Market, 327
Sixth street, Wednesday, October 6, at 11 a. m.
To settle accounts of Pacific Coast Investment
Company I will sell SO good horses and mares.
JOHN J. DOYLB. Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. '
W ™™qXl \ Vo rn i a e
¦ limited to chicacoh
m LEAVES MONDAYS and TKURSDHS If
Sat f>:.'IO a. m., through la 3 0*?>,B
Rjwith diner and all trapping*. IH
Otier Santa 7a Train i:
1-59 *• "•!• for Stockton. Fresno. Bakenfleld,
8 loo p. SiJ Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
S:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrFICES— €41 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. 7. Alao 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 97 South First SS,
•San Jose,
[ps^^^^^j To SAN RAFAEL,
ffi^^M ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
ffi@5SE^@^^ Via Sauxallto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days. «t
6:30. 7:10. 7:45, S:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00 a? m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20. 1:45 3-is*
4:t)0, 4:35. 5:13. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9:00 10:20*
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays deDart
a-. 7:10. 7:45, 8:30. »:15. 10:00. 11:00. li?Jo
a m.. 12:20. 1:00, 1:43. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:33
6:15, 5:60. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15, 9:00. 10:20 liitt
p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, week days «-i7
7:00. 7:33, 8:15. 3:45. &:33, 10:20. 11:05 'a m
12:05, 1:25. 2:B0. 3:35. 4:20, 5:05, 5:40 613*
«:55. 7:&5. 10:03. 11:25 p. ra. On Sundays ami
legal hclidaya extra trains arrive at 12:45, 2*03
b:50 d. rn.
Kor Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:15 a. m.
8:15 p. m. On Sundays and legal holidays at
7:45. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. l:ia
V " "** THROUGH TRAIN'S.
7:45 a. m. dally — Casadero and way stations.
9:15 a, m. Sundays only — For Point R%ye*.
•tc • • "
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday — For Cajta-
dero, etc.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Caxadero. «tc
TICKET 6FFICE— 628 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
LEGAL NOTICES— ContinnedL.
be sold and outstanding, said treasurer shall
monthly take from the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund, and pay into aald seawall
blnuing fund, an amount equal to the monthly
interest then due on all bonds then sold, de-
livered VnU outstanding. The board of stale
harbor commissioners are hereby authorized and
directed by the collection of dockage, tolls,
rents, wharfage and cranage, to collect a sum
of money sufficient for the purposes of this
act, over and above the amount limited by
section two thousand five hundred and twenty-
eix of the Political Code of the State of
California. Between the first and the tenth
day of November, in the year nineteen hun-
dred and fourteen, and between the first and
the tenth day of November of each year there-
after until the maturity of eald bonds, the
Eaid treasurer shall, in the presence of- the
governor, proceed to draw by lot such an
amount of bonds ¦ as shall be requisite to
exhaust as nearly as may be the amount, in
said sinking fund at that time, and shall
thereupon and before the tenth day of De-
cember following give notice by public ad-
vertisement to be inserted twice a week for
two weeks In two newspapers published in
the city and county of San Francisco, and also
in one newspaper published in the city of Oak-
land, and also in one newspaper published in
the city of Los Angeles, and also in one
newspaper published in the city of Sacra-
mento, stating the number of bonds so drawn
and that the principal of said bonds will ba
paid on presentation to the treasurer on or
before the I second day of January, following,
and that from and after such last named
date all interest upon bonds thus drawn shall
cease, and it shall be the duty of the treas-
urer as eoon as Bald bonds so drawn by lot
are surrendered to him and . paid to cancel
the same and the Interest coupons thereon,
and each year beginning with the year 1014
the said treasurer shall, in the manner afore-
said, proceed to draw by lot such an amount
of bonds af shall be requisite to exhaust as
nearly as may be the amount in said sinking
fund, and proceed in the manner hereinabova
stated. After the payment of all of said bonds
the surplu* or balance remaining in said sink- !
ing fund, if any there be. shall forthwith be !
paid into the San Francisco harbor improve-
ment fund. At the time of the respective draw-
ings by lot as aforesaid, and also at the ma-
turity of said state bonds, said treasurer shall
sell the United States or other bonds then" in
said sinking fund, at governing market rate*
after advertising the sale thereof In the man-
ner hereinbefore provided for the sale of bonds
hereby authorized to be issued, and shall use
the proceeds for the payment of such bonds as
may be drawn by lot, and at the maturity of
said bonds outstanding shall pay and redeem
said matured outstanding bonds out of said
moneys in said fund in extinguishment of eald
bonds on controller's warrants duly drawu
for that purpose. /
Sec. 6. The state controller and the state
treasurer shall keep full and particular account
and record of all their proceedings under thl«i
act, and they shall transmit to the governor
an abstract of ail such proceedings thereunder,
with an annual report, to be by the governor
laid before the legislature biennially; and ail
books and papers pertaining to the matter
provided for in this act shall at all times be
open to the inspection of any party interested,
or the governor, or the attorney general, or
a committee of either branch of the legislature,
or a joint committee of both, or any citizen
of the state.
Sec 7. It shall be the duty of the state
treasurer to pay the Interest of said bonds,
when the game falls due, out of the sinking fund
provided for in this act, on controller's war-
rants duly drawn for that purpose.
Sec. 8. This act, if adopted by the people,
shall take effect on the thirty-first day of De-
cember, A. D. nineteen hundred and four, as
to all its provisions except those relating to and
necessary for its submission to the people,
and for returning, canvassing, and proclaim-
ing the votes, and as to eaid excepted pro-
visions this act shall take elTect immediately.
Sec. 9. This act shall be submitted to the
people of the State of California for their
ratification at the next general election, to be i
holden In the month of November, A. D. !
nineteen hundred and four; and all ballots
at said election shall have printed thereon,
and at the end thereof, the words- "For the
San Francisco Seawall Act," and in a sep-
arate line under the same the words "Against
the San Francisco Seawall Act," and opposite
eaid lines there shall be left spaces in which
the voters may make or stamp a cross to
Indicate whether they vote for or against the
said act, and those voting for said act shall
do so by placing a cross opposite the words
"For the San Francisco Seawall Act," and all
those voting against the said act shall do so
by placing a cross opposite the words "Against
the San Francisco Seawall Act." The gov-
ernor of this state shall include the submis-
sion of this act to the people, as aforesaid. In
his proclamation calling for said general elec-
tion.
Sec. 10. The votee cast for or against this
act shall be counted, returned and canvassed
and 'declared in the same manner and subject
to the same rules as votes- cast for state
officers; and if it appear that eald act shall
have received a majority of all the votes cast
for and against it tit such election, as aforesaid,
then the same shall have effect as herein-
before provided, and shall be irrepealable
until the principal and interest of the liabil-
ities herein created ehall be paid and dis-
charged, and the governor shall make procla-
mation thereof; but if a majority of the votes
cast as aforesaid are against thta act. then
the same shall be and become void.
Sec. 13. This act may be known and cited
as the "San Francisco Seawall Act."
Sec. 12. All acts and parts of acts In
conflict with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed. «
AWP 1 STAMMEBCTG^
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and Market,
cures; estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
BIRTHS— MABRIASES-^DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices Bent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charje.
BORX.
WADE— In this city. October 2. 1004, to the
wife of the late James Wade, a daughter.
died!
Avegno. Giacomo Maxwell, James D.
Behrens, Elizabeth Mehegan, D. F.
Brady, Philip Narr, Edward R.
Brown, Philip E. Nicholson. Augustine
Clifford. John T. O'Meara. Alice
Conlin, Anne ' Peterson. Minna
Crowe. Jane S. Reilly, William P.
Cuello. Joseph J. Ryan. Annie M.
Dykes, Minnie V. Smith, James J.
Harnandes. Manuel Smith. Lydla Ann
Johnson. Sophie C. Tarpey. Domlnlck P.
Marks, Catherine A. Tullihan, Michael
Marsh. Charles C. Wurherer' (Infant)
Martin. Michael
AVEGNO — In this city. October 2, 1904.
Giacomo Avegno, a native of Buenos Ayres,
South America, aged 19 years.
BEHRENS— In Frultvale. October 1. 1004,
Elizabeth Anna, beloved wife of William
Behrens. and mother of William. Charles,
George, Henry, and Henrietta Behrens a na-
tive of Germany, aged 42 years 2 months and
V days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect,
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, October 4, at 1 p. m.. at th» family
residence, 1011 Merrill avenue.
BRADY— In this city, October 1. 1904, Philip,
beloved husband of the late Elizabeth
Brady, loving father of Richard Brady, Mrs.
P. Morris, Mrs. Robert Ellis and the late
¦ Thomas Brady, and brother of William J.
Brady and Mrs. Mary Haley, and the late
John Brady and Mrs. Elizabeth Lenihan, a
native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 61
years. (New York papers please copy.)
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 a. m., from the residence
of his daughter. Mrs. P. Morris, 207 Lang-
ton street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a. solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Croso
Cemetery.
BROWN— In Alameda. October 1, 1004, Philip
Earl Brown, beloved 6on of Cyrus A. and
Lovicy M. Brown, a native of Missouri; aged
] 29 years.
1 CLIFFORD — In this city, October 2,: 1904. at
the residence, 210 Langdon street,. John T.,
beloved infant son of Annie and the late
John T. Clifford, and brother of Patrick J.
Clifford, a native 'of San Francisco, aged 4
months and IS days.
I CONLIN— In this city. October 1. 1904. Anne,
beloved wife of the late Patrick Conlin, and
mother of Matthew, James, Frank, Lizzie,
Katherine and Blanche Conlin. and Mrs. W.
A. Proctor of Everett, Mass.. a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 70 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late
[ residence. 131 Henry street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy , Cross Ceme-
tery. * . v= '•
CROWE — In this city. September 30, 1904,
Jane S. Crowe entered Into rest at the resi-
dence of her son, Eugene M. Crowe, 1253
Bush street, a native of New York, aged 72
years and C months.
CyFuneral and interment rrivate.
! CUELLO— In this city. October 2. 1004.
Joseph J., beloved husband of Agnea . B.
Cuello, and father of Joseph A. Cueilo, and
brother of Henry J. Cuello. a native of
Spain, aged 4S years 4 months and 23 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ¦; funeral
Wednesday. October 5, at 9:30 a. m., from
j his - late residence, 271 O'Farrell . street,
i thence to St.- Mary's Cathedral, where a
solemn requiem high mass will- be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
a.m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. y
DYKES — In Oakland, October 2 1904, Minnie
V.. beloved daughter of G.W. and Alice
James McGinn. . Henry Hansen. • I
? JAMES McGINN & CO.. I
Formerly With McGinn Bros..' " 1
Funeral - Directors and Embalmers— — • I
214 Eddy st. Tel. South 676. |
' m ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED — By young married couple. 2 or 3
connecting rooms, including kitchen; must be
nicely furnished and north of Market; will
be permanent if satisfactory. Address, ctal-
ing price, box 2050, Call office.
BOOM-BEXTTXtfO AGENCY.
HAVE you any rooms to let? If you have and I
want them rented quirk telephone to Clay
'Mti or call at 117 Sutter Bt; furnished houses
of all kinds for *aie.
STOBAGB^Np^JRrAEEHOjr/SES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy St.;
. phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
• furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flilmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery j
gt.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut ratee.
' I
SEWING MACHINES AITD Sm*PI>XZS. I
WHY npt buy or rent the best? You can buy
or rent a White sewing machine at the same
price you pay for interior makes. Visit the
new retail office of the White Co.. at 915
Market St.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
THERE are others, bui the White is king of
all sewing machines; visit the new retail
office of the White Co. at 915 Market st.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds. *;:. *..">. $8; guaranteed: where the
dolls swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
STOP DRUTKINQ.
GUARANTEED cure: send 50c; tablet fcrm
mailed in plain package; has cured vhou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
TYPSWEITEHS AXTD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No* 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, ?25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals J2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 538 California st.
ID-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
VTA^n.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for It.
VIAVT CO.. Van Ness. "hone East 2S2.
piymsyp notices.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 70, of fifty cents
(60c) per share on the issued capital stock
of the company has been declared, payable
at the office of the company, rooms 202, 204
and 20t>, Hayward building, San Francisco,
on October 10. 1904. Transfer books' close
Oct. 3. 1904. at noon. C. C. Quinn. Secretary.
LEQAL ZTOTICES.
CHAPTER CCXL
AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF STATE BONDS TO CRE-
ATE A FUND FOR THE CONSTRUCTION
BY THE BOARD OF STATE HARBOR
COMMISSIONERS OF A SEAWALL AND
APPURTENANCES IN THE CITY AND
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO; TO CRE-
ATE A SINKING FUND FOR THE PAY-
MENT OF SAID BONDS; AND PROVIDING
FOR THE SUBMISSION OF THIS ACT
TO A VOTE OF THE PEOPLE.
[Approved March 20. 1903.]
The people of the State of California, repre-
sented in senate and assembly, do
enact as follows:
Section 1. For the purpose of providing a
fund for the payment of the indebtedness here-
by authorized to be incurred by the board of
state harbor commissioners for the erection of
a seawall and appurtenances In the city and
county of San Francisco, at a cost not to exceed
two million dollars (which said seawall and
appurtenances the board of state harbor com-
missioners are hereby empowered to construct
i in the manner authorized by law, and at a
cost not to exceed eaid two million dollars), the
state treasurer shall. Immediately after the
! issuance of the proclamation of the governor,
I provided for in section ten hereof, prepare two
1 thousand suitable bonds of the State of Cali-
fornia, in the denomination of one thousand
dollars each. The whole issue of said bonds
shall not exceed the sum of two million dollars,
and eald bonds Eball bear interest at the rate
1 of four per centum per annum, from the
time of the sale thereof, and both principal
; and interest shall be payable in gold coin
of the .present etandard of value, and they
shall be payable at the office of the state
treasurer, at the expiration of nineteen years
j troni their date, -subject, however, to re-
i demption by lot as >in this act hereinafter
provided. Said bonds shall bear date, the
second day of January. A. D. nineteen hundred
and five, and shall be made payable on the
second day of January, nineteen hundred and
twenty-four A. D. The interest accruing on
such of said bonds as are sold shall be due
and payable at the •ftlce of the said fatate
treasurer on the second day of January, and
on the second day of July, of each year after
the eale of the same; provided, that the nr»t
payment of interest shall be made on the
second day of January, A. D. nineteen hun-
dred and six, on so many of said bonds as
may have been theretofore cold. At the ex-
piration of nineteen years from the date of
said bonds, all bonds sold shall cease to bear
interest, and, likewise, all bonds ..redeemed by
lot shall cease to bear interest as in this
act provided, and the said state treasurer shall
call in, forthwith pay, and cancel the same,
out of the moneys in the gan Francisco seawall i
ticking fund provided for In this act, and
he shall on the first Monday of January, nine-
teen hundred and twenty-four, also cancel and
destroy all bonds not theretofore sold. All
bonds Issued shall be signed by the governor,
and countersigned by the controller, and shall
be endorsed by the state treasurer, and each
shall have the seal of the state stamped
thereon. Each bond shall contain a clause
that it Is subject to redemption by lot after
the year 1914.
Sec. 2. Interest coupons shall be attached
to each of said bonds, so that such coupon*
may be removed without injury to or mutila-
tion of the bond. Said coupons shall be con-
secutively numbered, and shall be signed by
the state treasurer. But 110 interest on any
of said bonds shall be paid for any time which
may intervene between the date of any jf
eald bonds and the issue and sale thereof to
a purchaser.
Sec. 3. The sum of one thousand dollars is
hereby appropriated to pay the expense that
may be Incurred by the state treasurer in
having said bonds prepared. Said amount shall
be paid out of the San Francisco harbor im-
provement fund on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose.
Sec 4. When the bonds authorized to be
issued under this act shall be duly executed,
they eball be by the state treasurer sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
in such parcels and numbers as said treasurer
shall be directed by the governor of the state,
under the seal thereof, alter a resolution re-
queetlns such sale sha.ll have been adopted by
the board of state harbor commissioners; but
eaid treasurer must reject any and all bids
for raid bonds, or for any of them, which
shall be below the par value of naid bonds
so offered; and he may, by public announce-
ment at the place and time fixed for the
sale, continue such sale, as to the whole of
the bonds offered, or any part thereof offered.
to such .time and place us he may select.
Due notice of the time and place of sale
of all bonds must be given by said treas-
urer by publication in ttro newspapers pub-
lished in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, and also by publication in one news-
paper published in the city of Oakland, and
by publication in oue newspaper published in
the city of Los Angeles, and by publication
in one newspaper published In the pity of
Bacramento, once a wreck during four week*
prior to such sale. The costs of such pub-
lication ehall be paid out of the San Fran-
cisco harbor improvement fund, on controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose. Ths
proceeds of the sale of . such bonds shall be
forthwith paid over by said treasurer into the
treasury, and must be by him kept In a sep-
arate fund, to b« known and designated as
the "San Francisco Seawall Fund" and must
be used exclusively for the construction of
seawalls and appurtenances thereto ou the
water front of the city and county of _San
Francisco. Drafts and warrants upon said
fund shall be drawn upon and shall be paid
out of said fund in the same manner aj
drafts and warrants are drawn upon and paid
out of the San Francisco harbor improvement
tund.
Sec 6. Por the payment of the principal
and interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to be
known and designated as the "San Francisco
Seawall Sinking Fund" shall be and the same
is hereby created, as follows: The state treas-
urer khall, on the first day of each and « very
month after the sale of said bonds, take from
the San Francisco harbor improvement fund
such sum as. multiplied by the thne the bonds
then sold and outstanding have to run will
•rqual the principal of the bonds sold and out-
standing at the time said treasurer shall so talcs
eald sum from said San Francisco harbor im-
provement fund, less the amount theretofore
taken therefrom for said purpose; and he shall
place the sum In the San Francisco seawall
sinking fund created by this act. Said state
treasurer shall, on controller's -warrants duly
drawn for that purpose, employ the moneys in
raid slnklnr fund in the purchase of bonds of
the United States, or of the State of California
or of the several counties or municipalities of
the State of California, which said bonds shall
be kept In a proper receptacle, appropri-
ately labeled; but be must keep always on
hand a sufficient amount of money in said
cinking fund with which to pay the Inter-
est on such of the state bonds herein pro-
vided to be. Issued as may have theretofore
been sold. And to provide means for the
payment of Interest on the bonds that may
Dykes, and sister of Willie Dykes, a native
of Oakland, aged 2 years 6 months and 27
days.
HARNANDES— In Oakland. October 2. 1904.
Manuel Harnandes, beloved brother of Mrs.
• J. L. Hall, a native of California, aged 58
yearo.
JOHNSON— In this city, October 2.- 1904,
Sophio C. beloved wife of Christian E.
Johnson, and mother of Theodore C... Sophie
A., Amelia W Laura L. Gussle- E. and
Alma H. Johnson. Mrs. D. Liddicott and
; Mrs. J. Mueller, a native of Denmark, aged
60 • years and 14 days. ~ ' . . '
GTThe funeral ¦ services will be • held
to-morrow (Tuesday) October 4, at 1:30
p. m., at her late residence, 113 Eleventh
etreet. j . Interment private.
MARKS— At the .residence of her mother,
southwest corner Haight and Pierce streets,
October 2. 1904 Catherine Alice, youngest
• daughter of Adelaide M. and the late John
J. Marks, a native of Ban Francisco.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. .
MARSH — In East Oakland, October 2. 1904.
Charles Carroll Marsh, colonel Twentieth
Illinois Volunteer Infantry, beloved husband
of Harriet Cooley Marsh and father of Mrs.
, C. J. Mattison of Oswe'go, N. Y., Mrs. J.
C. Eaton and Miss M. L. Marsh, a native
of Oswego, N. Y.
¦ C?Friends are : Invited to attend the
funeral services ; Tuesday morning. October
4, at 10 a. m., at his late residence. 1213
Ninth, avenue. East Oakland. Interment
private. Please omit flower^
MARTIN — In Los Angeles Cal., September 27,
1904, Michael dearly beloved father of
Alice Martin and Mrs. May Topham, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 61 years 10 months and
28 days. • •
MEHEGAN — A solemn high mass for the re-
pose of the soul of the late D. F. Mehegan
will take place this (Monday) morning,
October 3, at St. Brendan's Church, corner
• Harrison and Fremont streets, commencing
at 9 o'clock.
MAXWELL- In this city October 1. 1904,
James D.. beloved husband of Laura Max-
well, and father of Elsa W. Maxwell, and
brother of Mrs. Mary M. Johnson, a native
of Missouri. A member of Golden Gate
Commandery No. 1G and Mystic Shriners,
F. and A. M. ; National Union and the Fra-
\ ternal Brotherhood.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect,
fully invited to attend the funeral, which
a will bo held under the auspices of Golden
Gate Commandery No. 16, F. and A. M.,
from Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street,
Tuesday, October 4, at 2 p. m. Interment
private.
NARR— In this city. October 2. 1904. Edward
Robert, dearly beloved husband of Mathilda
Narr. and devoted father of Mrs. F. Dick-
meyer, Mrs. William Beala and Edward,
Tillie and Louise Narr, a native of Met-
zinger. Germany, aged 54 years 6 months
and 24 days.
NICHOLSON— In Oakland. October 2. 1904, Au-
gustine, beloved daughter of the late Albert
Nicholson and sister of August Nicholson, a
native of Misaissippi, aged 13 years .3 months
and 21 days.
O'MEARA— In this city, September 30, 1904.
Alice, beloved wife of Timothy O'Meara,
mother of Mary A., Alice K.. Roderick J.
and Elizabeth V. O'Meara. and- sister of
Mary Mahoney of Boston and the late John
Mahoney, a native of Batana, N. Y., aged
37 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:15 a. m., from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co. 767 Mission street,
thence to the Church of the Most Holy Re-
deemer, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at
9 a. m. Interment Batana. N. Y.
PETERSON— In Elmhurst, October 2, 1904,
Minna, wife of George Peterson, and mother
of George Peterson Jr. and slater of Mrs. O.
J. Schwarz, a native of Germany, aged 23
years and 4 months.
REILLY— In this city, October 2, 1904,
William P.,- beloved son of Patrick and
Letitia Reilly, and devoted brother of
Edward J.. Nellie. Mary and Ruth Reilly,
a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years 9
months and 4 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 1CS Elm avenue, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be cel-
ebrated for the repose of his soul com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cro3S
Cemetery.
RYAN— Entered into rest in this city, Octo-
ber 1, 1904, Annie M. Ryan, a native of
Boston, Mass.. aged 78 years 6 months and
9 days. (Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 a. m., from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
SMITH— In this city, October 1. 1904. Lydla
Ann Smith, widow of the late Barclay J.
Smith, and mother of Harper A. and Laura
M. Smith, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
71 years.
I ty Friends are respectfully Invited to
1 attend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday),
at 3 p. rn.. at the parlors of Halsted & Co.,
!•*•; Mission street. Remains will be taken
East for interment.
SMITH — In this city. October 2 1004 at the
residence, 100 Morris avenue, James J. be-
loved son of Katie and the late Tully Smith,
and brother of Mary, Nellie, Frank and
Thomas Smith. Mrs. J. T. Kernell and the
late Katie Smith, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 11 months and 20 days.
TARPEY— In this city. October 2 1904, at hia
residence, 17.1S Bush street, Domlnick P.
Tarpey. a native of Ireland, aged 54 years.
(Salt Lake City papers please copy.)
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), from St. Mary's Cathedral where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by funeral car leaving'
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 11 a. m.
Omit flowers.
TULLIHAN— In this city, October 1 1904
Michael, beloved husband of Hanoria A*
Tullihan, and uncle of Mrs. W. B. Ogletree,
a native of County "Kerry, Ireland, aged 61
years. A member of Court Concord No.
7917. A. O. F.
IDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 2S08 Greenwich street, thence to St
Vincent do Paul's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 10 a. m. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery. *
Members of Court Concord No. 7917, A O.
F., are requested to attend the funeral of
our late brother, Michael Tullihan, from his
late residence, 2808 Greenwich street, to-
day (Monday), at 9 a. m. ,
EDWARD FORSTER. Chief Ranger.
THOMAS M. MERNY. Secretary.
WURHERER— In this city. October 2, 1904.
infant son of Christopher and Annl©
. Wurherer. a native of San Francisco.
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to thank all friends and neigh-
bors who have been so kind in their atten-
tions all through the 6lckness and death of
our beloved son and brother Leland.
LENORA M. ACHILLES.
OLIVE I. ACHILLES.THE KING OF THE RIFLEMEN OF THE PACIFIC COAST, WHO ABLY DEFENDED HIS TITLE YESTERDAY AND SOME OF
THE MARKSMEN WHO DISTINGUISHED THEMSELVES AT SCHUETZEN PARK, NEAR SAN RAFAEL, IN THE ANNUAL
FALL FESTIVAL OF THE CALIFORNIA CLUB. • ; -
The. most powerful automobile in
the world Is owned by M. Bellamy of
Paris. The engine is 165 horse-power,
with eight cylinders and three for
ward speeds, the second ; speed being
geared for eighty miles an hour.-
Thomas Is lilt Hard, but Wins.
.TACOMA, Oct. 2.— The morning
game was won by Tacoma, it being
called at the time limit in the ninth
inning after SeatUe had made two
more runs. However, the score re
verted to the eighth inning, which left
It a victor}' for Tacoma. Thomas was
SANTA ROSA; Oct 2. — W. P. and
George Stackhouse and George Abbot
are under " arrest at Healdsburg for
violating the game laws. The men
were arrested by Deputy Sheriff Ben
H. Barnes and had Quail in their pos
session at the time they were taken
into -'custody.:. They were arraigned
before -Justice A". B. Provines'on Sat
urday, and entered pleas of not guilty.
Their trial- has ;beeri set for.: Friday
Quail Hunters Under Arrest.
Boston 2 S 0
St. Louis 0 3 4
Batteries — Pelty and Sugden; Toung and Crl
ttr.
CHICAGO. Oct. 2. — Both teams put up a
hard fight to-day and each succceeded in win
ning a game. Error* and bunched hits gave
Chicago the first game. White was forced to
quit in the fifth Inning, after four runs and
eight hits had been registered against him.
Attendance. 20,100. The scores:
First game— R- H. 13.
Chicago 7 9 1
New York ••• 16 5
Batteries— White and Sullivan; Powell and
Kleinow. • ¦ • •¦-•••
Becoi.d game — «¦• H. E.
New York «• 12 1
Batteriee-1-Puttman and McGuIre; White,
Walsh and Sullivan. t
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 2. — Boston went to first
place in the pennant race to-day by beating St.'
Louis 2 to 0. Boston has a percentage of 010
to New York's 608. Young pitched great ball
for Boston, allowing St. Louts only three hits.
Attendance. 16,400. Score:
R. H. E.
By Defeating St. Louis the Bean
caters Land Again in
First Place.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 2.— The entries for
to-morrow at Delmar track follow:
First race, six furlongs, maidens — Turrando
112, Yellow Hammer 112, Lady Stone 112. Car
dona 112. Torlo 112. Fannette 112. Ed Merrttt
112. Lookaway 100. Sam Stephens 109, Madoc
VK, Codex 105, Bush Smith 106.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Vouch
114, Regina D 100, Pompey 100, Flora Levy
104, Tom Mankins 104. Tangible 104. Flyer 104,
Easter Walters 99. Freventatlve 92, Milton
Young 82. Courant 79.
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Glendon
110, Conundrum 100, Lovable 107, Hickory Cor
ners 107, King's Charm 105, ¦ Bombino 104.
Tribes 102. Alice Turner 102. Aline S 102, Mae
Tuna 102, Lura Bell 102. Bride 87.
Fourth race, five furlones, purse — Elastic 122,
Commodore 117, Mattle H 114. Byplay 99, Vio
lin 06. Arlena BO. \
¦ Fifth race, one mile and twenty yards, purse
— Jordan 102. Taby Toaa 102, Miss Doyle 102.
Extol 101. • -
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— MJsa Man-
DELMAR ENTRIES.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Charlie Miller. False
Entry. Satire.
Second race — Lieutenant Rice,
Burning Glass, Tristan Shandy.
Third race— Little Elkln, Lura
lishtcr, Fossil.
Fourth race — Cigarlighter, Allen
Avon. Biff Ben. •
Fifth race— Ghats, Xlaxus, Easy
Trade.
.Sixth race — Gold Enamel. Silver
skin, Capitanazo.
Condition of the track— Slow.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
BOSTON* ASSUMES LEAD •"«,
IX THE PEXXANT RACE
William Green Harrison, president; M. L.
Rosenfeld, captain; Charles Jenkins, K. J.
Anstett, F. G. O'Kane, J. , A. Vlatt, C. E.
McKInnle, A. Fuhrman, Francis Galley, Dr.
George Y. Vanderver, S. Schnalttacher, Dr.
V. G. Vecki. A. W. Taylor. M. A. Harris.
F. M. Vecki. C. B. Reardon. J. A. Keller,
J. I. -Walter. George Griffin, . T. Carmany,
Robert Mac Arthur, Dr. Morton R. Gibbons, Joe
Gallagher, Sydney St. L. Cavill. John A.
Hammersmith, J. W. Stapleton, W. J. Wiley,
E. Vannler, E. A. McCarthy. Roy Weldon,
H. W. Franck, J. J. O'Brien, Dr. Topping.
H. V. Rarmsdell, H. McMullin. E. G. Knapp.
S. S. Herrick, E. J. Philllpa, O. J. HivwUd.
E. F. Rons, C. M. Yates Jr.. E. L. Chlopeck,
John Glnty, I. 1. Holmes, A. J. Fritz, T. I.
Fltzpatrlck, Charles Arata. L. J. Flynn, N.
C. Paddock.
The members of the Olympic Club
enjoyed one of their" cross-country
walks yesterday. They went out the
Fort Baker road to Lime Point and
returned over the hills. They went in
swimming at the San Francisco Yacht
Club house and afterward enjoyed a
substantial luncheon at Arbordale.
President William Greer Harrison,
who is one of the most enthusiastic
of the trampers, presided in his usual
happy style. Those In attendance were:
President William Greer Harrison
Ijeads the Party to Lime Point
at a Fast Pace.
SEATTLE. Oct. 2. — In a game that
came as near perfection as possible
Tacoma defeated Seattle by a score of
1 to 0. Kccfe allowed only two hits,
¦while Hughes held the visitors down
to five. The only run scored durinjr
the erame was X>n a two-bagjjer by
Kagan and a single by Casey. The
fielding was brilliant. Brown did not
Fhow up and Howlett umpired. His
work was splendid. Score:
Seattle— Tacoma—
AB.R. H. P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
V.Hltn.ei 4 0 0 4 O Doyle.rr. 4 0 110
Mohlr.L'b 4 0 O 2 2 Ehhn. Sb 4 A 0 3 1
HIkp. rf. 4 O 2 4 ONdyk. lb 2 0 0 10 0
Kriuk.lf.. 4 0 2 4 0 Eagan.es 4 12 2 2
DIhty. 3b 2 0 0 1 1 Lynch.cf 4 0 0 3 0
l^cahy.e. 4 0 0 3 3 Casey,2b 4 0 2 1"
Hali s*.. 2 0 0 2 </MLghn.lf 2 0 0 2 0
Jamen.lb 1 0 0 10 2 Grah'm,c 2 0 0 5 1 1
Hghes. p 2 0 0 1 0:Keefe, p. 3 0 O 0 2*
Totals 26 0 2 27 14J Totals 2» 1 fi 27 ~i j
BCfcte AND HITS BT INNINGS.
battle 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Bane h!ts 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 1 2
Tacoma .;.* 0 0 10 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 10 2 0 0 0 1 1 5
SUMMARY.
Error — Mohlw. Two-base hits — Eagan (2)
Sacrifice hit— Hughes. Stolen base— Nordyke' !
Double playh— Mohler, Hall and James- Ea- I
gan and Nordyke. Bases on balls— Off Hughes '
4. off Keere 4. Hit by pitched ball— James
l>>l*naaty. Struck cut-By Hughes 3Tby
H^h /; a *»^, *««"— Graham. Wild pitches
— Hurh. f <2). Time ef game— 2:O3.
Only Two Hits Off Keefp.
MANY OLYMPIANS TRAMP
ACROSS MARINES HILLS
First round — Will Allen beat George Bunch,
14-12. 6-0, «-2; G. Baker beat G. Hall. 6-1. 6-2,
6-3; C. Griffin beat F. N. Baker, 6-3," 6-2. 3-6,
6-1; Major R. C Van Vlelt beat C. Howell.
6-2. 0-0. 6-0; G. Guerin beat E. Turner, 6-3,
2-6. 0-3. 3-6,-6-2; J. Code beat C. McDuffjv
9-7. 6-3, 6-4; G. Janes beat H. Miller, 6-1, 6-1.
4-6, 6-4; W. B. Collier beat Harry Routh, tt-2,
6-1, 6-1; H. Gabriel beat A. Kenyon, 6-1, 8-1,
6-1; G. M. Smith beat D. Lemon, 6-3, 9-7,
6-4; F. Guerin beat.S. Simon, 6-1, 6-2, 6-3;
R. N. Whitney beat W. Knowlton. 6-2, 6-4,
2-6, 6-1; E. Flnnegan beat L.. Joseph,- 6-0,' 6-1.
6-3; O. Lowell beat- M. Edwards, 0-4," (5-0, 4-2
All of the best players from both
sides of the bay are in the tournament
and the spectators will be treated to
some hlgrh-class tennis when the
champions come together. The bij?
surprise yesterday was the defeat of
Will Collier at the hands of George
Janes. Collier has played but little
of late and was hardly at his best.
Clarence Griffin -beat Neil Baker
three sets out of four. The loser did
not do as well as was expected.
George Busch, the ex-champion of
Montana, played an excellent-game in
the first set of his match with Allen.
He tired after this and Allen won as
he . pleased. The first set went to
14-12, with Busch almost constantly
in the lead.
Drummond MacGavln won two sets
from Carl Gardner and stopped when
the score stood 5-4 and 40-30 in his
favor in the third set. If MacGavin is
unable to play next Sunday the match
will go to Gardner by default. If
MacGavin is able to play Gardner will
default to him.
R. N. Whitney, Percy Murdock and
Grant Smith won their matches
handily. Murdock and Whitney will
come together next Sunday. A sum
mary of the tournament follows: - **
Yesterday was an ideal day for
tennis until the foe came in late in
the afternoon. Both ttie park and the
club courts were crowded all day long.
On the public courts play was re
sumed in the first annual tournament
for the Lloyd cud and for the cham
pionship .of the bay counties.
Loser Shows Lack of Practice and
Cannot Stand the Severe
Pace.
JAXES DEFEATS COIiLJER
OX PARK TEXXIS COURTS
Errors — Rockenfleld, Kruger, Schmidt. Earned
runs — Portland 2. Baaes on balls — Off Hogg,
2; on* Schmidt, 3. Struck out— By Hogg, 12;
by Schmidt. 2. Sacrifice hits — Runkle, Stan
ley, Hogg. Ganley. Two-base hits — Dreanan,
Ganley. Three-baae hit — Hockenfleld. Lett on
t>a«es — Oakland 12, Portland S. Hit by pitched
ball — By Schmidt, 1; by Hogg, 3. Wild pl'ch—
Hogg. Double plays — Francka to Strelb;jDev
ereau to Byrnes. Time of game — One h«Vf and
forty-live minutes. Umplr* — McCarthy.
AB.R. H. P.A.| AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganly. rf 4 O ' 2 1 O Drnan. cf 4 1 3 2 0
Dnlvy. If 5 O 0 4 O MCTdi.rf 3 O 2 O O
Schl3y.2b 2 0 12 0 MrxhU. If 4 0 2 0 0
Krugr, cf 4 0 0 1 8 Hollnd.lb 4 0 0 7 0
Strrib In 3 « 1 9 2 Uknfld.2b 3 0 12 3
Devrx. 3b 4 0 0 2 4 Beck. 3b. 4 0 1 2 2
Byrnes, c 3 0 1 4 3 Runkle. s 2 1 1 1 4
Shmidt.p 2 0 0 0 2|Stanley.c 1 0 0 13 0
•Graham. 10 0 0 0 Hogg. p. 2 0 0 0 1
"Mtklmnl O*« 0 O ' - — * +-
Totals. 27 2 10 27 10
Totals. S3 0 6 24 14 t
tUraham batted for Schmidt in ninth inning.
•*Mc*kiman batted fcr Franclu In ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 k— 2
Base hits 3 0021121 x— 10
Oakland O O O O O 0 O 0 0 — O
Base hit* 20001101 i — 9
SUMMARY.
Pitcher I loss: .Is Steady.
PORTLAND, Oct. 2.— Hogg's steady
work in the box to-day for Portland,
seconded by hard hitting- at critical
moments on the part of the home
team, won the last game of the series
from Oakland. Attendance, 2500.
Score:
Oakland — - I . Portland—
Totals. 32 3 8 24 211 Totals.:© 11 13 27 8
BUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
ijo* .¦¦-.;..•<- 0OO03O0O O 3
I a* hit* 1OO14O1O 1 8
San Kra.ncl»eo 02032022 x 11
E»m hlt» O 1 2 4 2 0 2 2 x 13
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Hildrbrand. Waldron, Gorton.
Errors— Eapar 3. Toman 3. Smith 2. Flood,
'."hase. Three-base hits — Ross, Gt/rton. Two
taw? hits— Flood. Gochnauer. Eagar, Bernard.
ltofm. Sacrifice hit — Irwin. Flret base on er
tc.t!—Fan Francisco 2. First bas« on called
r>all* — OJT Hall 1. Left on bases — Los Angeles
.:. San Francisco 6. Anic-k out— By Barber 2.
Iwuble plays— Irwin to Van Buren to Goch
nauer. Time <£ game — One hour and forty
minutes. I'irtnre McDonald.
The Angels played the worst game
of their career on the Oakland grounds
in the morning. Ten times the ball
¦*vas booted around the lot and all
these miscues gave the Seals chances
of which they took advantage. The
score :
Los AEgelea— San Francisco—
AB.R.H. P.A.j AU.R. H. P.A.
Bmrd, cX4 O 1 1 l'VnBrn,lb5 2 2 11 1
Flood. 2b 4 0 1 4 6 Hldbd. If 5 1 2 3 0
hrnith. 3b 4 0 0 1 3 W ldm. cf S 0 1 0 0
«:rvath.rf 4 0 2 0 1 'Meany. rf 4 12 4 0
'•hase. Ib4 0 0 12 1,'Irwin. :;h 4 O o 2 2
Toman, a 3 1 1 © 4 Adrsn.2b 4 2 13 0
Itosn. If.. 3 1 2 3 1 Gorton. c4 4 3 2 1
Kiigar. c. 3 1 1 2 I Ooohnr, s A 1 2 2 4
Hall. ;.."<» <> l .: Barber, p 4 0 0 <l 1
Ancels Err Ten Times.
Deciding course— P. Reilly'a Tralee Maid
(Cronin's Wild Tralee-Mald of the Hill) won
by default. H. Waddlngrton's Galveston (Rock
Island Klng-Irma) withdrawn.
Fourth round — Tralee Maid a bye; Hudson
beat Icellus, 10-4; Galvcston beat Golden For
tune, 4-2.
Fifth round— Tralee Maid twat Hudson 10-B-
Galvston a bye.
Third round— Trevathan beat Jerry Wright
21-13; Tralee Maid beat Queen's Motto. 8-0-
Icellus beat Mellinwood, 23-5; Hudson beat
Vina. 5-2: Galveston beat Rushaway, 12-1-
Golden Fortune beat Vandal. 7-5. *
Second- round— Aereodh beat Jerry Wright
6-2; Trevathan beat Oulda. 5-3: Tralee Maid
beat Old IronsldeF, B-O; Queen's Motto beat
Margaret. 12-1: Icellus beat Black Coon, 5-1-
Melllnwood beat Duhallow. 3-O: Vina a bye'
Hudson beat Commercial Traveler 5-0- Rueh
away a bye; Galveston beat Fretter, tt-1;
Golden Fortune beat Clover Blossom, 5-3- Van
dal beat Smiler, 3-0.
Class stake: First round— Aereodh beat
Lady Menlo. 5-0; Jerry Wright beat Butte
City. 9-7; Trevathan beat Glaucus 4-0- Ouida
beat. Piccadilly, 8-2; Old Ironsides beat Young
Johnny Rex. 4-3: Tralee Maid beat Sacramento
Boy, «-0: Queen'a Motto beat Remisso Anlmo.
7-6; Margaret beat Gunfire. 12-0; Icellus beat
Frisky Boy. 6-5; Black Coon beat Dear Gaston,
13-8; Duhallow beat Annie Ryne, 11-0; Mellln
wood beat Courtly Guest, 8-1; Vina beat Bel
fast, 3-1; The Duke beat Sea Lion, 1S-.M; Hud
son beat Frank H. 8-5; Commercial Traveler
beat Crawford Belle, f 15-5; Modesto Boy beat
Balendine, 12-11; Fretter beat Princess Savoy,
6-4; Rushaway beat Prometheus. 5-3; Galveston
beat Imperious. 3-2; Golden Fortune beat Miss
Lucille, 3-1; Clover Blossom beat Mark Twain
11-8; v Smiler beat Colored Lady, 5-3; Vandal
beat Snapper Garrison, 17-9. .
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Ghats 90, Aggie Lewis 93; Edward Hale 93.
Dutiful 9«, Louisville 99. Scortlc 89, Sarllla 89,
Carat 1011 Gllfatn 101, D. U Moore 101. Ger
anium 102, Trepan 104, Chanterelle 104, Leflara
1O4. Xlaxus 104. Easy Trade 104.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, purs*—
Logistella 104. Dixelle 104. Lordllng 107. Paddy
Freighn 107, Palm Tree 107, Double 107, Dixie
Lad 107. Sllverskln 107. Capltano 112. Gold
Enamel 112, Lcchlnvar 114.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Lieutenant
Rice i)7. The Gadfly 87. Judge Saufley 07, Lou
M 0S>. Jake Sanders 102. Captain. Neroth 102.
Green Gown 104. Llssardo 109. Four Leaf C
112, Tristan Shandy 113. Beautiful aad Best
115. Jackful 117. Chamblee 117, Commander
117. Burning Glasa 122, Haxney 122.
Third race, mite and fifty yards, handicap—
Luraltghtfr 02, Aden, 102, Little Elkln 90.
Huzzah 105. Coruscate 105, Walnamoinen 106,
Fossil 107. (Elkln and Huzzah, Arthur
entry.)
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Cigarllghter
00. Allen Avon 92. Columbia Girl 101. Allbert
102, Gypzene 102, Floral King 104, Big Ben
CHICAGO, Oct. 2. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Worth track fol
low:
First race, one mile, wiling— Charlie Miller
105. Ethel Scruggs 100. False Entry 1OS.
Falernian 88. Safety Light 98. Rowland M 08.
Triumvir 110. Rlan 110, Benson Caldwell 112,
Jim Hale 112. AUle Virsle 112. Subador 112.
King of the Valley 112, Zyra 117, Ml Ketna
117, Satire 120.
WORTH ENTRIES.
Fourth race — Jocund, Outcome^"
Ormonde's Right. '
Fifth race — Santa Catalina, Delphi,
Trapper.
Sixth race — Cincinnatus, Orly II,
Homestead.
Condition of the track — Fast.
By the New York Morning Telegraph. .
First raco— Princess Athellns, Raw-
Iiide, Consideration.
Second race — Dandelion, Council
man, Agile. •
Third race — Sandria, Belle Strome,
Burnt Hills.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
Error — Murphy. Struck out — By Thomas 3,
by Hall 4. Bases on balls — By Thomas 1. by
Hall 0. Hit by pitcher — By Thomas, Frisk.
Two-ba*e hits — Thomas, Blankenship. Sacri
fice hits — McLaughlin (2), Hogan. Thomas.
First base on error — Tacoma. Stolen bases —
Van Haltren, Mohler. Left on bases — Tacoma
11, Seattle 9. Double play — Eaean to Casey to
Nordyke. Time of game — Two hours. Umpire —
Tom Brown.
SUMMARY.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.'
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1—2
Ba*p hits 0 1 0 0 1 0 2 1 — 5
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 — 1
Base hits 2. 1 0 2 2 0 2 1—10
Totals 24 2 5 21 121 TotaU 32 1 10*23 11
•Eapan called out on third-bunt strike.
hit harder than Hall, but the latter's
wildness evened matters up. Score:
Tacoma — i Seattle —
AB. R, H- P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Doyle.rf . 4 0 0 0 O'Van H.cf 3 O 1 2 O
Sh«nn.3b 4 0 11 1 Mohlr.2b 4 0 2 4 1
Nordy.lb 2 0 18 2'Blnknp.c 4 0 13 2
Eagan.w S 0 0 1 2 Frtsk.lf.. 3 0 0 10
Lynch, cf 3 0 0 4 1 Deleh.3b 4 0 12 1
Casey.2b. 0 10 2 3 Smith.rf . 4 0 2 2 0
McLgn.lf 2 O 1 3 O.i. Hall.ss 4 0 10 3
Hogan.c. 4 113 1 Mrpny.lb 3 0 19 0
niomaup 3 O 1 2 2 C. Hall.p 3 110 4
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs. Withers
mile, two- year- olds— Santa Catallna 111. Wild
Irishman 110. Trapper 110, Allumeur 107, Bul
wark 107. Delphie 107, Roderick Dhu 104.
Sixth race. Wither* _ mile, selling — Clncln
natus 115, Sals 107. Hatchet 106. George Keen«
K'.". Akela 10.". Thistle Heather 103. Clear the
Arena 101. Homestead 101. Tot San 90. Gay Lo
thario ffJ. Briarthorpe »9. Orly n 98.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— The Matron
Stakes for fillies and the Jerome Han
dicap will be the features of to-mor
row's card at Morris Park. The day's
entries:
First race, seven furlongs. Withers mile —
King B 113, Out of Reach 113, Rawhide 110.
John F. Aheorn 108. Buckleya 108, Neptunus
108, Liberia 105. Tide 103, Little Johnson 105,
Shipshape 105, Princess Atbellnr 106. My Hate
105. Aurumaster 105, Consideration 105. ¦ -•¦
Second race. Eclipse course, the Matron, colts
and geldings— Glorlfler 125. Agile 12S, Wild
Mint 122. Woodsaw 120. Dandelion 114, Coun
cilman 112. Odarstrome 112, .Chieftain 109.
Third race. Eclipse course, the Matron, fil
lies—Belle Strome 114. Burnt Hills 111, Rcse
of Dawn 109, Iota 109, Sandrla 104, Element
100.
Fourth race, one and five-sixteenth miles,
over the hill, the Jerome handicap— Ormonde's
Right 111, Outcome 10C, Jocund 106. St. Valen
tine 105. Mlneola. 103. The Southerner 1CS.
Ocean Tide 97. Ostrich 92.
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
H. Scheunert 72 rings. Otto Bremer 71. A.
Pape 71, B. Jones 71. M. Kolander 70 ¦ F. E.
Mason 60. H. Strecker 69, F. H. Bremer 68. U
Reubold 67, F. A. Kuhls 66. M. F. Blasae (iS.
H. Barnhold 61, I* Thierbach 64. D. W. Mc-
Laughlin 67. G. Maxwell 68. A. Studer 68. G.
Tammeyer 67. J. Myer 68, W. P. Bock 66, F.
Attinger 67, D.. B. Faktor 69, E. Ladd 64, • E.
Schmid jl. W. F Blasse 67. E. Hammond R5.
A. W«>fphal 63. P. Keatlnga 63, F. E. Mason
«>, F. Brandt «5. H. F. Miller 62. G.. Rlsch
muller Sr. ,64. M- Reubold «2. William Ehren
pfort 64. C. M. Henderson C9, T. J. Carroll fil.
John Boiler C7, A. Hennlngs 01, L. Wllle 62,
J. Strai-b 6S, C. Peach 64.
The winners ot bulHeyes follow: A. Pape
7:1 polnts.Fred Brandt 78. A. Jungblut 02. G.
M. Barley 101, George RlBChmuller Sr. 103. A.
Streeker 110. F.E. Mason 111. William F.
Blasse 116, D. B. Faktor. 133. M. F. Blasse 140,
Jacob Gruhler lfi". A. Bertelsen 180, C. M.
Henderson 210. Chris - Meyer 259, John Boiler
274, F. P. Schuster 279.
(default): F. Roche beat J. Francis, 3-«, 6-0,
7-0 0-1. 6-4. *
Second round — G. Baker beat "W. Allen; G.
Guerin beat Major Van Vlelt. 1-6. (J-2. 3-6,
6-3, 0-4; J. Code beat F. Finn, 6-4, 6-3, 6-2; F.
Adams beat J. Lewis,. 6-2.' 2-6. 6-4, 9-7: J. D.
MacGavln vs. C. . Gardner. 6-4, 6-S, 6-4. 40-30
(postponed) : Janes beat Collier. 8-6, , 7-5, 4-6,
5-7.-7-5; . Smith beat Guerin. - 6-4, ; 6-4, 6-2;
Whitney beat Flnnegan, - 6-3, 6-2,~ 6-3; Marlus
Hotchkins beat Roche,- 1-6. 6-1, 6-3, 6-3; R.
Rrolla beat Merguire, 6 3. .8-6, 6-1; • M. Long
beat E. Miller, 0-2,* «-2,. 6-2.
King Strecker did some fine shooting
during the day. On one of his forty
shot tickets he made 86 points and
scored 35 six-inch. bullseyes.
Winners on the honorary target:
The king shooters were Phllo Jacgby.
H. Strecker, A. Strecker, J. Gruhler, F.
E. Mason, M. F. Hartter, C. M. Hen
derson, F. P. Schuster, D. B. Faktor
and A. Pape. -
A. Strecker made 367 points in his 200
shots. F. E. Mason 350, A. Pape 340, C.
M. Henderson 310. D. B. Faktor 308, F.
P. Schuster 305, J. Gruhler 300 and M.
F. Hartter 249.
A. Strecker. A. Rahwyler, Max Kolander,
J. Gruhler. M. F. Hartter, A. Hennlngs, T.
Binncn. A. Pape.- A. Studer. F. P. Schuster.
F. E. Mason, E. Woenne. CJ. H. Bahrs. J.
Straub, P. Brunotti, E. Ladd, F. Rlede. T. I*
I-ewlr, Gecrgp Tammeyer, J. C. Huguenenln,
A. L. Ott. W. P. Bock. F. Hangman. C.
Eagehorn, W. Garms, P. Keatinge, M. Reubold
L. Bendol, Charles Thlerbach, John Boiler!
H. Scheunert. William Ehrenpfort. G. M.
Barley. R II. Warden. A. Bertelaen, F. Suter.
G. R. Hauffr, C. M. Henderson. Peter Harder.
Dr. Stapff, T. J. Carroll. Au«tiMt Jungblut,
D. Stegfmann. Chris Meyer. L.. Meyerhofer,
C. M. Rousseau, J. A. Meyer, F. H. Miller.
W; J. Foster, J. 8, Engg. A. Krauss, H.
Stelllnp; P. Jacoby, A. Rahwyler. II. Ladd,
J. Myer. J. Jones. C. Peach, C. Zlmmermann.
W. J. Blg&y. B. Jonas. J. Leutenegger, R. H.
Taylor. M. D. Smith, F. Atzeroth, L. Hauser,
A. Brouss, H. Becker, Frank Brenner C.
Luhrs. A. Westphal. A. Granz. F. A. KuhK
F. Attingor. C. H. Mueller. J. C. Fltchen. E.
Hammond, O. Imdorf, F. Brandt. T. Slmmen,
J. Otten, L. Frahm, M. J. White, H. W.
Lewis, F. S. Wanhburne. J. A. Eason, J. C.
Waller. L J. Reubold, A. von Wyl. L. Wllle,
R. Finking, J. Iten. L. Mayhofer. E. Schmid,
M. F. Blasse. L. Rink. O. Rlschmuller Sr.,
C. von Hartwlg, H. Nlcolal. I*. C. Rabin,
Otto Bremer, L. Thlerbach. F. G. Bradford,
John Horstman. G. W. Maxwell, A. Burton,
H. Bornhold, H. Stettin, C. Thompson, A.
Muhbcrfrer, W. H. Seaver, E. Qulnlan. R. Stet
tin and D. B. Faktor. • ¦ ,
This event had been eagerly looked
forward to by all the marksmen in the
vicinity of San Francisco, as the prizes
offered were liberal. The number of
marksmen and guests who assembled
at the ranee was the largest in many
years.
At the opening of the rifle contest in
the morning there was much sup
pressed excitement, as several special
prizes were offered for the initial
events. A special cash prize was of
fered for the first bullseye of the fes
tival and three other prizes, for the first
three twenty-fives, or one-Inch centers.
Max Kolander was the luckv marks
man to place his shot in the center and
won the prize for the first bullseye. The
premiums for twentv-flves were won
by A. Strecker, A. Pape and P. Bru
notti. The last bullseye in the morning
was made by A. Pape.
The afternoon proceedings 'were
opened by M. F. Hartter, who scored a
center shot. A. Pape was again suc
cessful, when he closed the proceedings
with a shot in the middle of the bulls
eye. The festival will be continued this
morning at 8:30 o'clock.
Among the visiting marksmen were
J. Myer, F. H. Miller and Emil Schmid
of Sacramento: ex-Senator W. J. Biggy,
Judge F. H. Kerrigan, William -Corbin,
M. Rothenberg and many well-known
riflemen.
The marksmen who took an active
part in the festival were:
Adolph Strecker is still king of all the
riflemen on the Pacific Coast. He
demonstrated his superior skill at the
annual fall festival of the California
Schuetzen Club, which was held yes
terday at Schuetzen Park, and retained
his hard-won title.
Fourth round— Tom Hooker beat Sofala 4-3-
Fancy Free beat Gold Chain. !>-4; Sampler beat
Fal-e Alarm. 7-4; Haphazard a bye.
Fifth round — Tom Hooker a bye. Fancy Free
withdrawn; Sampler l>eat Haphazard. 22-0
Deciding course— G. Lacy Crawford's Tom
Hooker (Cavalier- Merry Maiden) beat John
Sutton's Sampler (Fetter Free-Mayflower).
Second round — La Rosa beat Rocked Asleep
6-5; Sofala beat Renegade Apache, 5-2; Tom
Hooker beat Paul Dunbar, 6-3; Conroy beat
Frisco Lad. 7-3; High Born beat Eagle, 22-8;
Gold Chain beat Humboldt, 4-3; Belle Mane
beat Mickey Free, 7-.1; Fancy Free beat Texas
Betty. 10-2; Angus Clssus beat Flower Girl.
3-1; Sampler beat Royal Spirit. 5-.J; Jigamaroo
beat Texas Black Lips. 7-2; False Alarm beat
lone Hill. 7-2; Amandan beat Fairy Belle,
22-11; Haphazard beat Bright Fortune, 7-2
Third round— Sofala beat La Rosa, 7-6; Tom
Hooker beat Conroy. 7-0; Gold Chain a bye
High Born withdrawn: Fancy Free beat Belle
Marie, 6-3;. Sampler beat Angus Clssus 8-6;
False Alarm beat Jigamaroo. 0-4; Haphazard
a bye. Amandan withdrawn.
G. Lacy Crawford, the young St.
Louis sportsman, seems to hav= in Tom
Hooker and Agile Spurt the most
promising of this season's greyhounds.
Tom Hooker won the fifty-six-dog
reserve stake decisively yesterday at
Union Park. John Sutton's Sampler,
another young hound, was runner-up.
The class stake was won by Tillie R,
which defeated McVey. Each of the
deciding courses lasted two minutes
and forty seconds.
A heavy fog settled down on the field
during the afternoon and at times com
pletely shut out the spectators' view of
the running. The day's results, with
Judge P. J. Rellly'g official scores, fol
low:
Class stake— TilUe'R beat Agile Spurt, 5-0;
Friendless Boy beat Charter Member, 5-3; Po
mona beat Gambit, 5-O; McVey beat Frisky
Barbara, S-3.
B«cond round — Tillie R beat Pomona. 7-0;
McVey (Fetter Free-Dawn), 16-12.
Deciding course — W. T. Raught's Tillie R
(Fetter Free-Daisy Belle) beat J. Sweeney's
McVey (Fetter Free- Dawn), ltf-12.
Reserve Btahe— Rocked Asleep beat Emin
Bey, 10-0; La Rosa beat Rural Artist.
10-6; Sofala beat Spring Heels. 12-0; Rene
gade Apache beat Real Pasha. 3-2: Paul Dun
bar beat Rusty Anchor. 3-1; Tom Hooker beat
Ml Amigo. 7-O; Frisco Lad beat Valley Brew,
14-0; Conroy beat Apple Blossom, 3-0; High
Born beat Hera, 8-2; Eagle beat Secretive, 0-4;
Gold Chain beat Loretta, 7-2; Humboldt beat
Aeolus, 7-5; Belle Marie beat Hermit, 8-0;
Micky Free beat Adonis, 12-9; Texas Betty
beat Rocklin Boy, 1«-O; Fancy Free beat Ina
C1esu>.*6-6; J. E. H. beat Angus Clssus, 7-5;
Flower Girl beat May Conley. 0-0; Sampler
beat Cubanolu. 14-0; Royal Spirit beat Wild
Koran. 3-2; Texas Black Lips beat Honlton,
9-3; Jlgamarco beat Flount. C-5; False Alarm
beat Texas Hoo Hoo, 8-4; lone Hill beat Car
low Boy. 11-8; Fairy Belle beat Free From
Flaw, 6-3; Amandan beat 1 War Cry. 8-1;
Bright Fortune beat Luxury, 16-12; Haphaz
ard beat Rose of Gold, 10-2.
Champion stake — Full Moon beat Ragged
Actor. 3-1; Young Fearless beat Little Plunger.
a-0; Qulta beat Honest John. 3-0; l^st Chord
beat Trale« Lass. 5-3: Fair Tralee beat Pasha
Pleasant, 4-0: In Time beat Reckless Acrobat,
14-»: Valley. Pride a bye; Tom King beat Or
sina. 4-2. % >.?;
Second round— Full • Moon beat Young Fear
less. 6-4; Qulta beat Lost Chord. 24-6; Fair
Tralee beat- In-Time, 19.7; Tom King beat Val
ley Pride. 13-6. ;
Third round— Full Moon a bye; Fair Tralee
beat Tom King. .6-2.
Deciding course — E. Ready's Full Moon
(Moondyne Il-Lady Jane) beat T. J. Cronln"s
Kalr Tralee (Cronln's Wild Tralee-Fair Lily),
A heavy fog hung over Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday and obscured
the view of the spectators during the
afternoon. The dogs could not be seen
after they left the slips, so heavy was
the haze Full Moon beat some cracks
in the champion stake and won the de
ciding course from T. J. Cronin's Fair
Tralee after a snappy course.
Tralee Maid was fortunate in captur
ing the class stake. She was to meet
Galveston in the final. Galveston was
running in strong form and drew a bye
in the fifth round. He was slipped to a
strong hare that gave him a course
lasting more than two minutes. He was
then withdrawn.
The talent were given a big upset
when Fair Tralee defeated Tom King
in the third round, as they laid 3 to 1
against Cronin's dog. Vandal succeeded
in lowering: the colors of Smiler at 3 to
1. The following are the day's results,
with Judge John Grace's official scores:
Defeats Fair Tralee in the
Finar at Ingleside After
a Short, Snappy Course
Tom Hooker Captures Ee
serve Stake at Union Park
"With Secretive Runner-Up
CHAMPION STAKE
FOR FULL MOON
YODNG HOUNDS
SHOW PROMISE
Has Thirty - Five
Bullseyes in
One String.
Noted Marksman
Outshoots All
Competitors.
The San Francisco County Club
won its match and the championship
pennant of 1904 on the Alameda
ground yesterday, defeating: the Ala
meda team easily by a margin of
thirty-three runs. The Alameda team,
with the exception of Ward and Scott,
made no stand at all against the
bowling of Roberts and Stratton. nine
wickets . being down for thirty-four
runs. Richardson, the San Francisco
captain, almost beat the whole Ala
meda team off his own bat. although
he received little support from any
of his men except Stratton. The de
tails are given herewith:
ALAMEDA CLUB.
T. A. Stahl. b. Davles a
J. H. Saunderst b. Roterta 0
8. M. Foster, st. Rlchardmn. b. Roberta.... ©
G. Croll. b. Roberts »
F. J. Croll.>c. John. b. Davles 4
V. Seebeck. hit wicket, b. Roberta O
O. I. Baugh. run out 3
H. Bird. c. Davies, b. Roberta 3
B. Bird. c. Petersen, b. Roberts , 0
G. H. Ward, not out \ 2S
F. Scott, b. Roberts 19
Byes 5. leg byes 4. wldes 2 11
Total 7«
Runs at the fall or each wicket — One for 0.
two for 2. three for 16, four for 20. five for 28.
six for 26, seven for 26. eight for 27. nine for
34, ten for 76.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowlers. Balls. Mdns. Runs. Wkts.
A. Davles 72 8 14
H. Roberts 84 3 35 7
K. J. Stratton St 1 SO
E. M. Petersen 30 '2 8 O
H. B. Richardson... B 0 3 0
Roberts and Stratton bowled one wide ball
each.
SAN* FRANCISCO COUNTY CLUB.
E. M. Petersen. b. B. Bird »
H. Roberts, b. Ward o
H. B. Klchardaon. c.' B. Bird. b. Stahl . 63
P. R. John. b. B. Bird ©
H. F. Pepys. c. F. Croll. b. B. Bird 2
E. J. Stratton. 1. b. w., b. Ward 23
W. R. Stewart, c. H. Bird, b. Ward 4
W. E. Rcoker, b. B. Bird 1
T. J. A. Tledemann, b. B. Bird O
H. Dixon. not out ©
A. Davtea. c. and b. B. Bird O
Bye, 1. leg byes 2 3-
Total 10©
Runs ot the fall of each wicket— One for 3,
two for 3, three for 5, four for 9, five for 70.
cix for 92. seven for 104. eight for 109. nine for
ICO. ten fcr 100.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowlers. Balls. Mdns. Runs. Wkts.
G.-H. Ward 72 3m 35 3
B. Bird «2 2 31 t>
F. J. Croll IS 0 10 ft
F. A. Stahl 12 0 19 1
S. M. Foster 36 1 11 0
Model Yachts in Drifting Race.
The model yacht races for the Todd
cup, held yesterday on Spreckela Lake.
Golden Gate Park, were little more
than drifting: matches. The wind was
light all day and many of the races
had to be declared off. as the boats did
not finish within the time limit of
six minutes thirty seconds. Three
boats qualified for the finals and one
final race was held. In It the Apache
beat the Santee and Piute. The win
ner's time was 6:16, which is remark
ably slow. The Apache. Santee and
Piute. which are owned respectively
by "William Roeckner, Todd & Adams
and O. M. Forrest, will meet in the
remaining races two weeks hence. ;
Seoklns: Site for Encampment.
GAZELLK. Oct. 2. — Major Gilletta
will be in Edsewood to-day to begin
a tour of inspection of the country In
Little Shasta Vallev with a view of
establishing a military encamnment.
ners 111. Kin* Ros« 110. Tommy Knight 11<\
Jak« Greenberg ]0». Prince Light 107. Athelros«
107. B«hoove 107. Bensonhurst 1O«. KTanlT Rice
105 One Mpre 102. Dusky 101. Algonquin 90.
DELMAR SELKCTIOXS.
First rac«— Turrando, Torlo, Yellow
Hammer.
¦Second race Flora r«vy, Milton
Younjr, Reglna D. -} ,¦ ;
Third race— King's Charm, Bride,
Tribes.
Fourth race— Arlena, Elastic, Ry
play.
Fifth race — Miss I>oyle, Extol, Taby
Tosa. - -
v Sixth race— Jake Greenbersr, Algon
quin, Miss Manners.
Condition of the track — Heavy.
Stolen baaes — Rosa. Ej.ies, Flood. Errors —
Anderson. Cravath. Smith. Van Buren. Goch
nauer. Gorton. Two-base hit — Corbett- Sacri
fice hit* — Measy. Irwin. First base em errors —
Lr» Xnreles 6. Klret hase on called bails
O«r Corbett 2. oil Newton 3. Left on bases —
Fan Francisco 4. Los Angeles 10. Struck out —
By Corbett 8, by Newton 3. Hit by pitched
kail— lrwia. raised ball— Gorton. Time of
came— 2:00. Umpire— McDonald.
SUMMARY
» rvth.rf. 4 1 © O w Meany.rf 3 O 11 O
<~hM<5. lb 4 O 1 9 © Irwtn.Sb. 2 © 1 1 3
Toman, e 4 O 1 1 3 Andsn^Tb 4 © 1 1 8 i
Kose. If. 4 O 1 1 1 <Jorton,c 4 O 2 8 1
Fpien. f . ? ii l «, :< Gchnr.ss 2 10 11
Newtoa.p 3 OOO 6Corbtt.p. 31102
•Brshear. 10000
! Totali 28 6 8 27 12
Totals 37 2 6 24 15
•Batted for Nemton In ninth.
RrjCS AM) HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles O 1 i. O 0 O O 1 O — 2
Ba»« hits O 2 110 0 0 2 O — 6
Ean Francisco 0 © 2 0 © 2 0 1 x — 5
Ba*« bits 0 0 2 112 12 x— 9
began to work again in the sixth,
when the Doc was guilty of some more
erratic work. He passed both Hilde
and Waldron. Meany lined one right
through the box and a full house was
the result. Irwin got. a bad wallop in
the ribs, forcing Hilde in. Andy An
dtrson laid down a bunt. As no one
ivas covering first base he brought his
r.an In. That held the Seals till the
r.inth, when they enticed one more
over. Corbett was the big buffalo in
all but two rounds — the second and the
seventh, when the Angels hit him for
a run each time. The score:
Loe An«ele»— , Ban F*ancf*co — *
A HP.. H. P.A. i AB.K. HrP.A.
Prrjd,rf. 4 0 0 2 0 V.Brn.lb 4 0 0 11 0
F!po4.21v 4 114 1 Hldbrd.lf 3 12 2 0
F rsith.Sb. 5 © 1 1 2 Wldrn.cf 3 2 12 0
WTAJCDTKO Or THE CLCBS.
CPmstOe Oout Leun».)
_ W. I*. Pet., . w. 1^ Pet.
£*«=* - v .-«9 24 .819 Oakland ....il M .47?
£o» Angrtea.53 2t» .659 San Fran 23 35 .4B3
fcattta 3J Si .£16 Portland. 24 88 .881
Tbe champion Angel ball toasera
wm ail afiUcted witii tlie jimmies and
a tow more of the Ilia that ball players
•» heir to In their line of work yester
day Down the line they went twice
*xd each time It was by substantial
•cons. The morning finish was 11 to
1 «sd while the admiring throng gazed
en the rival' teams at Recreation Park
the Seals triumphed 5 to 2.
Jo« Corbett was the winning kid. He
wu All to tie good over the only Doc
Newton aad had th« big fellow look
lrr like a bush leaguer. Uncle can
thank Joe for the game. He might also
tliaik eome of the Los Angeles team,
lor these gentlemen played some bad
baO.
Deo Newton did not have the goods.
lit- Etarted the third round .badly by
passing Gochnauer and allowing Broth
er Joe to sting the leather to the left
tot a couple cf sacks. While the fans
yelled and cheered Hildebrand clouted
Ftraight to center and helped both men
«.n their little trip to the pan.
That was a starter for the Seals, but
they etill had a few to explode. They
NEW YORK. Oct. 2. — Morris Park's
fall meeting of twelve days will begin
to-morrow at the great race course in
Westchester. Racing in Westchester
may never be seen again, at any rate
not under its present management, and
with this as a strong likelihood many
will make it a point to visit the fam
ous course. Considering the fact that
the meeting falls directly upon the
close of that at Gravesend, the fields
to-morrow are satisfactorily large.
The two divisions of the Matron stakes
have good-sized entries to each, while
the other four events are so well filled
that selection of winners will be no
easy task.
No American turfman has made
nominations to the St. Leger of 1906,
which closed three weeks ago. The
total number of nominations was 197.-
This shows a decided falling oft in
number, which Is ascribed to the pol
icy of the management of the Don
caster meeting in adding no money
whatever to the great stake.
The Grand. Prix of Paris, which
closed about the same time and which
is a guaranteed stake of great value,
received 443 entries. These include a
large number from England and a
round dozen from William K. Vander
bllt, the latter's youngsters being prac
ticafly the produce of the American
stallion Halma, by Hanover.
At 12 noon, the appointed starting
time, so few of the boats were on hand
that the firing of the preparatory gun
wu postponed till 12:65 o'clock p. m.
At 1 o'clock p. m. the starting gun was
flred from C. J. Vogel's launch Teal.
The yachts crossed the starting line
aa follows: Sloop Pollywog, 1:00:50 p.
m.; sloop Shamrock III, sailed single
handed by Howard Pratt, at 1:01:00 p.
m.; yawl Iola, sailed by Robert Vin
cent, at 1:01:10: sloop Mist, sailed by
F. F. du Brutz, at 1:01:15; yawl Pil
grim, sailed by J. Altendorf, at 1:03:15;
sloop Flirt, sailed by F. J. Ward, at
1:03:25. The yawl Iola rounded the
stakeboat oft! the mole for the first time
at 2:51:05 p. m.; the sloop Pollywog at
3:06:30; the sloop Shamrock III at 3:09;
the sloop Mist at 3:14:10, and the yawl
Pilgrim at 3:25:05. The yawl Pilgrim
and the sloops Flirt and Shamrock III
did not finish. The yawl Iola crossed
the finishing line at 4:27:15 p. m., her
elapsed and corrected time (she being
scratch boat) being 3 hours 27 minutes
15 seconds. The sloop Pollywog fin
ished at 4:47:20, in an elapsed time of
3:47:20, and a corrected time (after de
ducting her allowance of 25 minutes) of
3:22:20, beating Iola by 4 minutes 55
seconds. The sloop Mist finished at
5:21:20. in an elapsed time of 4:21:20, or
a corrected time (after deducting her
allowance of 45 minutes) of 3:36:20. C.
J. Vogel and A. G. Byxbee acted as
regatta committee. The water was
smooth and there was a moderate
southwesterly breeze. Commodore
George M. Shaw's yawl Idler cruised
about in the bay, but did not take part
in the race. No light sails were used.
The skipjack Pollywog, sailed by
G«orge Tyler, won the Vincent Handi
cap cup. presented by Robert Vincent,
vice commodore of the California Yacht
Club, In a race held yesterday on the
bay. The course was officially reckon
ed at twelve nautical miles and Mis
sion Rock was rounded twice.
San Francisco Club Defeats
Alameda Eleven and Gains
Championship of This Year
Handicap Race of California
Yacht Club Is Sailed Over
12 Miles in Smooth Water
Course Over Which Many
Famous Horses Have Kaced
May Soon Be Dismantled
Seals Get Together and Do
Some Big League Playing^
Hitting Sphere Smartly
COUNTY CRICKET
TEAM IS VICTOR
MORRIS PARK'S
CLOSING DAYS
POLLYWOG WINS
VINCENT PRIZE
ANGELS TUMBLE
DOWN TWO PEGS
KING STRECKER NOBLY DEFENDS HIS TITLE ON THE RANGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1904.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
There Is a Standard,
""¦ K3sjs4 whlch ' wfceB fcmestlj
"" H$P^7*£l aimed at by trua masten
" ~ jbvPV_4 of thm ***• e * a b* reached
~-* ffflfjUwl ta **• Process of brvwtnx
x- wjf&lil maA m * turln *- Aod th *
* ° ffljBpflBi •trtngth — heavy, medium
< |j|l|||3 ar light— la a matter •(
: ra^fgf I tfclllful adjustment.
jgjgflk BLATZ
iMFIfl DLLIi
fejp&r^N^y MILWAUKEE
HK£= jrafi SUnJ>M '«lii<T»Mi
MM5/MZto l Malt-YMne
EIB|j$^^^STam bibo m co-
WaolasaJ* &*aJ«r*,
313 Battary St.
Tel. Mala 6859. 8mm TrmacUoo.PICKPOCKETS ' AT WORK.— J." F. Layton.
"75 O'Farrell street, reported to the police that
he had b*>»n robbed last night of a purse con
taining 1200. , Carl Requa. who was with Lay
ten, was arrested on suspicion, but Layton re
fused to register ; a charge against him.
Governor Pardee will give an ad
dress at the Young Men's Christian
Association auditorium to-night at 8
o'clock. His subject will be "A
Chance for Every Young Man." "The
occasion will mark the opening of the
educational department for the fall
and winter term, and an excellent pro
gramme has been arranged. There
will be no charge for admission and
overy young man will be welcome to
hear the Governor. The doors will
be open at 7:45. ¦^B3BgB5£c^;M;
Pardce Will Talk to Young Men.
Elmer E. Howell has made it a prac
tice for five years to go fishing every
Sunday morning. In addition to the
sport he felt doubly delighted to know
that his landlady at 216% Sixth street
benefited by the result of his Sunday
outing. Unfortunately Howell dropped
into a saloon on Sixth street yesterday
morning before' starting, out to fish.
While waiting for the amberf colored
goods to pass into a, bootleg glass 'he
got into an altercation with a man,
who knocked him down. - In falling
he struck his head against a whisky
barrel, inflicting ,a deep "gash which
was closed by Dr. Herzog at the
Emergency Hospital. Howell's skull
is possibly fractured. He was put: to
bed in the hospital to await develop
ments. .¦;-;- .*. ;
Howell Postpones His Trip.
"America," quartet: prayer. Rev. E. K.
Strong; "Lo«t Chord" (Sullivan). National
Union Quartet, Charles J. K*r. A. A. Macurda,
W. E Smith. Matbieu McCurrie; ceremonies,
the Cabinet; soprano solo. "Thy Will Be Done
? Marsden). Mis* -Millie -Flynn: oration. Friend
H. LL Simon; -tenor solo. "Abide n Uh Me.'
Friend -F.- Purdy: eulogy. Rev. M. S. Levy;
invocation. Rev. E. K.'Strons: contralto solo.
"Faith," (Chadwlck). Miss Cornelia- Little; se
lection. ••Still. Still With Thes." N. U. Quar
tet • in memorlum. Friend A. H. Klnggford:
benediction. Rev. M. S. Levy; quartet. "Star
Spangled Banner" <Key>.
• Memorial committee — W. K. Wh«*lock. chair
man- \V. A. Gr.lvin. secretary; J. A. Ro.«s.
E B. McManus. F. Boll. T. K. Hulin*. C. H.
Workman. A. H. Klngsford. H. B. Harris.
The memorial services of the Na
tional Union under the auspices of
the San Francisco Cabinet took place
at the Native Sons* Hall yesterday
afternoon at 2 o'clock. A large crowd
was present and took a deep inter
est in the impressive ceremonies,
which were of a very high character.
Following was- the order of exer
cises: -
National Union Pays Eloquent Tribute
to Its Departed Members at
Native Sons' Hall.
Containing over 1700 In California and every
person an^ concern In business in the State
arranged alphabetically in their , respective
towns; also railroad fares, population, names of
all county officials, banking, etc. Indispensable
to the business man and lawyer. Informa
tion found, in a moment • that will take days
to obtain otherwise. A postal to Buits-Shu
man Company, 738 Mission street, or phone
Red C$25, will bring agent with book for in
spection. • ,, * '
Suits-Shuman Company's State Direc
tory for 1904-1905.
MEMORIAL. SERVICES ARE OF
AX IMPRESSIVE CHARACTER
Builds up all the waste tissue of the
kidneys. Lash's Bitters. >v, ,•-.-.
The Chilean visitors are delightful
hosts and the entertainment was
charming in every way.
Mrs. Palmer sang several songs,
much to the delight of those present.
The visitors went ashore in the ship's
launch shortly after noon. As Con
sul Aguirre Acha left the ship the
regulation salute of seven guns was
fired in his honor.
Consul General I. Aguirre Acha of
Bolivia called yesterday morning on
Captain Luis Gomez and the officers
of the Chilean training ship General
Baquedano. In the party were Mr.
and Mrs. Samuel G. Fulton of Port
land, Ore. Mrs. Ernest H. Palmer, Mr.
and Mrs. R. G. Guyett, Hector Aldu
nate, Gerald S. "Whitley and John Mc-
Bride. After the ! party had been
shown over the vessel by Captain Mer
ry refreshments were served in the
dining hall and later the party paid
their respects to Captain Gomez. The
handsome cabins were decorated with
flowers. - i.-.I--
Pays Tribute to Captain Gomez.
The police have been asked to find
Mrs. Johanna Beetow, 70 years of agre.
She and her husband, "William Bee
tow, arrived from Salem, Ore., on Sat
urday on their way to Nebraska. They
had to wait some hours for a train
and went out to Golden Gate Park.
"When they reached the museum Mrs.
Beetow said she was tired and would
sit on one of the benches. Her hus
band walked on and when he returned
in a few minutes his wife had disap
peared. The police inquired at all
the hospitals, but no trace of her
could be found. She was a stranger
and her husband is alarmed for her
safety. She is of medium build, light
gray hair and wore a black skirt,
black cape, black hat and a blue
apron. She carried a basket.
An entertainment and dance will be
held at> Scottish Hall. ,107 Larkin
street, on Friday evening 1 , October 7,
under the auspices of the Gaelic Danc
ing Club. ' The entire proceeds will
be devoted to St. Anthony's fair. East
Oakland.
To Benefit St. Anthony's Fair.
The celebratjon of the Rosarv was
observed yesterday at St. Dominic's
Church, commencing with the bless
ing of the roses before the 11 o'clock
mass. The ministers of the mass were
the Very Rev. J. G. Rourke, O. P., the
celebrant; the Rev. E. O. Olsen, O. P.,
deacon, and the Rev. J. R. Corcoran,
O. P.. sub-deacon.
The music was of unusual excellence
and was rendered by an augmented
choir under the direction of Dr. H. J.
Stewart.
The sermon, devoted to the celebra*
tion. was preached by the Rev. F. P.
Dripcoll, O. P., who described the vic
tory of the Christians at Lepanto,
when the Turks, who were endeavor
ing to sain control of Christian
Europe, were finally repulsed with
enormous loss.
Father Driscoll explained that Pope
Pius V, a Dominican, while the battle
was in progress, himself led thousands
through the streets of Rome, reciting
the rosarv in prayer for the success
of the Christian arms.
At the conclusion of the mass the
various societies of St. Dominic's
Church formed in procession and to
the accompaniment of voices singins
the mysteries of the rosary, wended
their wav around the streets bound
ing the church.
The rosary was intoned by the Very
Rev. Father Superior Pius Murphy.
With Beautiful Singing and a
Procession.
Celebration of the Rosary Is Observed
The Rev. George A. Hough delivered
his first sermon at the California-street
Methodist Episcopal Church yesterday
morning before a large and deeply in
terested congregation.
The new pastor succeeds the Rev.
Clarence Reed, who has gone to Har
vard to take a course In philosophy.
The Rev. Mr. Hough expressed his
pleasure at being called to labor in
this important field in San Fran
cisco and pledged his best effort for
the prosperity of the "church and the
moral welfare of the community. *
He said that the hope of the" world
depends upon the universal adoption
of the principles of the gospel and that
the teachings of Christ will alone be
effectual in healing the sin and sorrow
of humanity. Other agencies, he said,
may alleviate, but Christ alone can
cure.
Rev. George Hough, New Pastor of
California-Street Methodist Church,
Delivers Able Sermon.
The Rev. Oliver A. Welsh, C. S. P..
celebrated his first mass yesterday at
11 o'clock in St. Mary's (Paulist)
Church. lie was assisted by the Rev.
William Sullivan, who acted as dea
con, and the Rev. Edward T. Mallon,
C. S. P., sub-deacon. The Rev. Henry
I. Stark, C. S. P., was assistant priest
and the Rev. Father J. J. Cranwell and
the Rev. J. Collins, S. J., of San Jose
and the Rev. Brother Hosea, Rev.
Brother Valeslan, president of St.
Mary's College. Oakland; Rev. Brother
Xenophon, president of the Sacred
Heart College; Rev. Brother Gregory of
Sacred Heart College and other mem
bers of the clergy were present in the
sanctuary.
A special musical programme was
arranged for the occasion by Miss
Marie Giorgiani, organist, who also for
the first time played tlie new organ
which has been recently installed in
St. Mary's. The congregation was much
Impressed with the beautiful Instru
ment and experts pronounced it to be
one of the best organs In the city.
The sermon was preached by the
Rev. Father Superior Henry H. Wy
man, who said in part:
A priest is a divinely appointed intermediary
between God and mankind. The dutlea of his
office are two-fold— one toward God, the other
toward mankind.
The character and power of the priesthood
emanate from Jesus Christ, who was both God
and man and the one mediator by whom man
is reconciled to God.
By the sacrament of holy orders Jesus Christ
Imparted to his apostles and their successors
for all time the power to offer himself upon
our altars. Besides th!? power he also con
ferred upon his priests the power of reconciling
penitent sinners to God and the commission to
preach the gospel of salvation.
The priest of God lives only to carry out the
divine work which has been intrusted to him.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Friedman cele
brated the fiftieth anniversary of their
wedding yesterday at their home, 1222
Eddy street. The house was beauti
fully decorated and the happy couple
¦were the recipients of numerous hand-'
some presents from the members of
their family and from their friends.
Visitors came from early morning un
til late in the evening to offer their
hearty felicitations.
Mr. and Mrs. Friedman were mar
ried in Posen, Prussia, in 1854, and
the same year came to New York.
In 1862 they journeyed to San Fran
cisco, where they have since been resi
dents. Their five children, Samuel, Hen
ry and Emanuel Friedman, and Mrs. J.
H. Pike and Mrs. B. Baron, assisted
in receiving the guests.
Golden Wedding of Respected Citizens
Is Occasion for Testimonial of
Hish Esteem.
IMPOSING CEREMONY AT
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH
PLEDGES BEST EFFORTS " ¦ i
FOR CITIZENS' WELFARE
MR. AND MRS. fc. FRIEDMAX
HONORED BY FRIENDS
Superior Father Henry H.
Wymari Delivers Sermon at
First Mass of Father Welsh
Sassaoe has been jealous of the
woman for some time and when he
saw her walking: with her brother last
night he rushed up to her. fired point
blank and then turned the weapon on
himself, after which he swallowed
some supposed poison. He then fled;
but was captured by Patrolman Lam
bert. He will be charged with at
tempt to murder.
Paul Sassaoe. 531 Union street, shot
Elvira Croce. 311% Montgomery g.ve
nue, In the head late last nlsht and
then turned his pistol on himself. The
bullets miscarried in each instance and
both suffered only slight scalp •wounds.
Paul Sassaoe Fires at Elvira Croce ami
Then Tarns the Weapon Upon
Himself.
DEFINES DUTY
OF THE PRIEST
3IAKES tmHiE ATTEMPT
AT MURDER AND SOCTDE
Early yesterday morning Philosanos
Torres, a Porto Rican, objected to a
woman named Lena dancing with
Thomas Garrett, a colored man, and
showed his displeasure by . slashing
Garrett on the right arm with a razor.
Garrett was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital and Torres was arrested on a
charge of assault' wiWv- .a deadly
weapon. *
On Saturday night Dillard got into
a fight over the same woman and was
stabbed twice in the back. He was
taken to the Harbor Emergency Hos
pital. The police are looking for the
man who stabbed him.
The saloon of Dan Lopez, 408 Pa
cific street, is becoming notorious for
its stabbing affrays. On Friday night
Thomas Dillard and Rector Adams,
colored, quarreled over one of the
women who frequent the place and
dance with the patrons. Dillard
stabbed Adams and was arrested for
assault with a deadly weapon.
Three Colored Men Are Wounded
Within Forty-Eisht Hours in
Quarrels Over Women.
There was an electrical display at
Washington and Kearny streets for
about half an hour yesterday, but no
one was injured. A car had started
down Washington street about noon,
when one of the guide wires at the
corner was broken. One end dropped
to the track, the other rested on the
trolley wire and came in contact with
the rail. The wire on the track burned,
brightly and made a hole in the
asphalt. ' .
No one had the hardihood to at
tempt to disentangle the wires and a
telephone message was sent to the car
house. Inspector H. H. Oellig came
and got on top of a car. With a pair
of nippers he soon cut the wires. One
of the pieces in falling hit the brake of
the car and there was a report as if a
cannon had been fired. While Oellig
was working he was surrounded by
flashes of electricity a,nd the front of
his coat was burned.
Hole Burned in the Asphalt at Wash
ington and Kearny Streets, but'
No One Injured.
SEVERAL STABBING AFFRAYS
IN BARBARY COAST SALOON
ELECTRICAL. DISPLAY IS
MADE BY BROKEN .WIRE
The grocery of C. M. Duer at
2763 Mission street was entered by
burglars some time yesterday morning
¦between midnierht and 6 o'clock. The
thieves forced open a window on
Twenty-fourth street. The cash reg
i5ter was broken open and J25 taken
from the drawer. When the thieves
were ready to leave, after helping
themselves to what liquor they
wanted, they carried away 500 cigars.
Their exit was made by opening the
side door and walking out. The Mis
sion police were notified and Captain
Anderson detailed Detectives Graham
and Fitzgerald on the case.
Burglars Enter Grocery.
Mr. Vance says American wine
growers have a common interest and
they should combine for mutual
benefit. He is the father of the Amer
ican Winegrowers' Association, the
purpose of which is to cement the in
terests of winegrowers in all the
States.
It is to be regretted that Frenchmen and
other foreigmers predominated on the wine Jury,
but California fared as well aa could be ex
pected under all the circumstances. Some of
your exhibitor* were careless, and the brands
they e*-nt were not worthy, of notice. In fact,
the great trouble out here is the lack of marked
individual brands, made and kept up to a fixed
EtanOard. Time alone will remedy these evils.
I look for marked improvement In the future.
IHiringr my stay I shall visit your wine grow
ing: areas.
Lee J. Vance, editor of the Ameri
can Wine Press of New York and
leading American juror at the Paris
Exposition, also at the St. Louis Fair,
is at the Grand, accompanied by his
sister. Though a New Yorker, Mr.
Vance is a strong friend of California
and her wine industry. When he ar
rived at St. Louis he declined to serve
as a juror until a Californian was
appointed, and through his efforts
Henry Lachman became a juror.
Speaking of the St. Louis Exposition
last night, he said:
Lee «J. Vance of Paris and St. Louis
Juries Is Touring
the State.
GREAT WINE EXPERT
VISITS SAX FRANCISCO
So far as the employes are concerned
the action of the exchange will not af
fect them financially. The same work
ing hours will be observed and there
will be no alteration in the scale of
wages. The employers will simply re
serve the right to hire and discharge
men at will, regardless of their connec
tion with the union. As a prominent
dealer expressed it last night, "the mea
working for me can belong to a dozen
unions if they choose, or they need not
belong to any. All I look for is their
competency. I think I stand in the
same position as all the owners of meat
markets in this city when I say that I
will not discharge a man because he is
a member of a union, and I will not re
fuse employment to a competent man
because he is not a member. If they
choose to pay their dues to the union
it is none of my affair."
If the union men object to the • new
order a test case will be made in one
of the larger markets. In case the men
employed the,re walk out the doors of
all the butcher shops in the city will be
closed until a settlement is reached.
The wholesalers are working with the
retailers, and it is said that retailers
who will not abide by the open shop
decision will have difficulty in procur
ing supplies from Baden and Butcher
town.
The Butchers' Exchange, an organi
zation composed of proprietors of retail
butcher shops throughout the city, yes
terday afternoon declared positively for
the "open shop." The new order goes
into effect this morning.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of considering the question of un
ionism or non-unionism in the trade,
and is an outcome of the strike of the
sheep butchers at Butchertown. Any
man may work in a meat market with
or without a card— at least the owners
of the market say so. Just what action
the Journeymen Butchers' Union may
take on the matter remains to be seen,
as not sufficient time has elapsed for
official notification to be given that
body and action taken.
The trip was made without accident,
and all the children were delivered
Fa My to the consignees. John M.
Knight, the veteran excursion aeent.
was in charge of the party, which, he
pays, kept him busier than any other
carload of Western homeseekers he
ever handled.
A carload of New York babies came
West last week as part of the Southern
Pacific's overland limited, which, after
distributing this novel cargo at points
on the main line, arrived here yester
day morning.
There were fifty-seven little tots in
the party, ranging in age from one year
to four. They came out in charge of
several sisters of charity and trained
nurses. All the youngsters were in
mates of one of the great foundling
asylums in New York City and the in
stitution's agents in the West had
found homos in which the little people
would be adopted and carefully reared.
Eight of the children were left at
Houston. Texas, and the remaining
forty-nine were brought as far as
Clifton, Ariz., where the Pullman car
In which they had traveled from New
York was dropped from the train and
the young folks were taken in hand
by good people of that neighborhood.
The journey out West was a Kreat
event for the "kids." The spectacle of
a car in which every window displayed
a gmup of staring baby faces aroused
a vast dt>al of curiosity at all the sta
tions, and won for the young travelers
attentions often more generous than
Judicious. At every station where the
train's stay was long enough the chil
dren were bundled out of the car for a
bit of sunshine 'and fresh air. This
meant trouble for the nurses in round
inp up their charpes when the conduc
tor shouted "All aboard!" At nieht the
baliies were put to bed in bunches.
thr«*e or four crosswise in each berth.
with their heads toward the window.
Policeman de Guire ran to the scene.
A large crowd had gathered and it was
some time before he could force his
way to the car. Meantime the mar
shal of the parade, followed by a dozen
members wearing badges, appeared
and fought the crowd back. It all
happened in a minute or two, which
was fortunate for Briggs, as he was
being roughly handled. He was pulled
away from his assailants and a space
was cleared, enabling him to start
the car, which went gliding down the
hill at a rattling speed, followed by a
number of the fishermen. They gave
up the chase when the car crossed
Montgomery street.
No arrests were made, as De Guire
was not able to pick out the men who
assaulted Briggs. Threats were made
that Briggs' conduct would be made a
subject for investigation by the Trades
and Labor Council, as he is a mem
ber of the Carmen's Union. He is an
ex-policeman.
There was an incipient riot at Sac
ramento and Kearny streets shortly be
fore 11 o'clock yesterday morning and
Andy Briggs, a gripmau on the Sac
ramento-street line, was for a time in
serious trouble.
The Fishermen's Union, to the num
ber of about 800, held a parade yes
terday morning. While crossing Sac
ramento street at Kearny Brings
drove his car through them and it was
said that two or three were knocked
aside. In an instant the car was
swarming with angry fishermen and a
combined attack was , made upon
Briggs. He was struck on the face
and thrown down. The car was
crowded with shrieking women. One
woman ran to the rear of the car and
shouted "Police, police! Help, mur
der!"
"York State Folks" entered upon the
second week of its run before. a large
audience at the Grand Opera-house last
night.- ,- ,
Ben Greet and his company of Eng
lish players will give their beautiful
production of the . morality .. play,
"Everyman," at Lyric Hall to-night
and all the week. There will be mat
inees Wednesday and Saturday. For
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
nights and Wednesday and Saturday
matinees of next week . "Much Ado
About Nothing" will be the programme;
with Constance Crawley \ as Beatrice
and Ben Greet as Benedict. Thurs
day, Friday ar.d Saturday nights and
Friday afternoon of next week
"Twelfth Night" will be produced,
with Mrs. Crawley as Viola and | Mr.
Greet as Malvolio. There will be no
Sunday night performances.
The Majestic Theater stock company
last evening opened the week with
Bronson Howard's four-act comedy,
"The Henrietta," and the pretty white
and pink playhouse was crowded below
and above. The play is a story of
stocks, humor, love and villainy. An
old Napoleon of Wall street who pays
court to a handsome widow in the
short intervals he is not tossing the
bears, his older son who fleeces his
father, another son who is a somewhat
overdone Imitator of his fool of a titled
brother-in-law, and four pretty female
characters are the play people. J. H.
Gilmour is "safe," to use a stock term,
as "Old Nick" Vanalstyne, and his ex
cellent handling of the role bears out
all the good words that have been said
of him. Miss Grace Reals, as the
widow, was charming in person and
performance and very amusing, seem
ingly without trying to be so. Miss
Eleanor Gordon and Miss Vera Me-
Cofds were entertaining in their \ re
spective roles.' Henry Stoc'kbride, as
Bertie Vanalstyne, the , lamb, plays
the not-so-foolish-as-he-looks character
excellently and slips gracefully into
the- hero role . when there is „ an un
worthy brother to sacrifice for winning
a full-house applause. The play will
continue all the week.
To San Franciscans,- who enjoy well
staged musical comedy, pretty girls
and well-conducted music a visit to
the California Theater this week and
next will prove of interest. "The Ten
derfoot" is playinR there and the catchy
tunes that have been whistled for the
last year may be heard with their ac>
companiment of fancy dances and in
tricate ensembles.
As for the cast, there is but little to
say. The company from the "Tender
foot" down is well worthy of the at
tractive play. The interest of the
rather intangible plot centers in Phil
Riley, as the tenderfoot. His imper
sonation is ludicrous without being
asinine, although a donkey was one of
his chief aids. Riley's good work is
evidenced by the fact that many of
the puns that would otnerwise fall flat
are delivered by him with unction that
pleases. Miss Mary Carrington, the
prima donna, has a fine voice and
pleasing personality. Tom K. Richey
in the lead captured the. feminine por
tion of the audience. He possesses
•what is so seldom seen in leading men
now-a-days— a manly appearance. His
singing was excellent, aa was that of
all the others in the cast. The four
Texas rangers, who supply a fair share
of the comedy, were good.
Teddy Webb of the Tivoli shouldn't
forget to ; take in Ted E. Box. "Mr.
Box, who is also from Lunnon, gives
a rank imitation of our Teddy. He
whistles well, but London could have
kept him for me. John P. Kennedy
and Carrie Reynolds dance again and
again well, and T. Trovollo still ven
triloquizes, tosthe delight of every one.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Hoey and Lee, Hebrew humorists at
the Orpheum this week, are extrava
gant, . Half their voice would go round,
and— for me— half their songs. Still,. the^
audience found them amusing. The
songs are the usual atrociously rhymed
and scanned affairs, set to anything
frc-m "Auld Lang Syne" to "Bedelia."
One is not particular about one's
Orpheum verse, but the galled ear
winces at "Cohan" rhymed to "mother
in-law." And one gets just that. Above
the, average again are the Hoey and
Lee jokes, and there is more in their
Hebraism than the big hat and flat
feet. It is by no means all caricature,
and in a good sketch they should be
able to entertain largely. As it is; the
audience whistled themselves hoarse.
Others new are Felix and the Barry
sisters, in a sketch by Edward Burton,
"The Bay From Next Door." Miss
Lydia Barry remarks, after a lightly
applauded imitation of Fay Temple
ton. "One of us must ba bad." It
wasn't Miss Templeton. Miss Barry's
imitation of a No. 9 eel in a No. 7 skin
was, however, quite convincing. The
sketch, with the ¦ assistance of Mr.
Felix's very laughable appearance as
the boy from next door, evoked the
easy hysterics. Mr. Felix's nonchalant
fashion of walking off a chair on top
of a table to the floor helps vastly. A
light heel, about four and a half feet
of slim white satined prettlness and a
soft, fresh little pipe, are lent by Miss
Emily Barry. Miss Lydia furnishes
robust fun and any amount of snap.
Mme. Avery Strakosch is prima don- I
na of the bill. She has diamonds galore
to show for it, a gesture and a fair
voice, rather worn. Mme. Strakosch's
selections hit the popular taste and,
she was twice encored. She gave
"Beautiful Home of Paradise" and
Mabel McKinley's latest melange, "Ka
ra ma." The "Annie Laurie" and "Dix
ie" that followed were sung with
some taste and spirit.
But by much the best thing on the
bill is still Urbani's and his son's ac
robatics. This turn alone is worth go
ing for. The youngster Is the clever
est infant tumbler ever seen here. He
supports his father on his hands — hand
to hand— that colossal gentleman
swinging between the uplifted fists!
Last week's Two Pucks are other clev
er youngsters. They, the girl particu
larly, are already accomplished come
dians.
The dead man was" unmarried and
had no relatives in this city. At the
hotel where he made his home he -was
very popular and many expressions of
regret at his untimely death were
heard last evening. •
"Word was sent to the life saving sta
tion, but the efforts of the crew that
went out were of no avail. Although
careful search was made along the
beach the swimmer's body could not be
found.
W. P. Goldie was drowned at the
Ocean Beach shortly after noon yes
terday, while his friends, who. at first
thought he was playing a joke on them
but afterward realized that he was in
distress, were making, frenzied efforts
to save him. .
Goldie was an electrical engineer and
about 27 years of age. He came here
from, the East two years ago and for
several months, has been, staying at
The Johnston, O'Farrell and Leaven
worth streets. He was fond of outdoor
exercise and particularly of sea bath
ing. In company with R. C. Bossert
he left the hotel at abont 11 o'clock yes
terday morning. The two went to the
beach and at a point about a mile be
low the Cliff House disrobed and joined
two other salt water enthusiasts.
Goldie was the most venturesome of
the four and went out farther than the
others. Suddenly he threw up his
hands and began to call lustily for
help, saying he was drowning. His
companions thought at first that he
was only Joking, but later, when they
noticed that he was rapidly drifting
farther from shore despite his efforts
to come in, they realized that some
thing was wrong and started to his as
sistance. *¦
The men waded out until the water
was up to their necks, but found the
undertow so strong that they dared
not venture farther. At the same time
Goldie sank beneath the water with a
last despairing cry and was seen no
more.
Women Passengers Are Ter
rorized and Their Screams
for Help Save Situation
Made Much of All Along the
Line, They Eeach Their
Foster Parents in Safety
Companions Kealize Too Late
That He Is Not Playing a
Practical Joke on - Them
Musical Comedy at the Cali
fornia Is Full of Good
Songs and Bright Sayings
Beginning To-Day Men Will
Be Employed Regardless of
-Affiliation With Unions
TliOUBLE MAY
FOLLOW
TOTS HAVE GREAT TRIP
ATTACKED BY MEMBERS
"TENDERFOOT" POPULAR
BODY NOT KECOVERED
New York Asylum Finds
Homes for Fifty-Seven In
fants in Texas and Arizona
Members of Butchers' Ex
change Meet and' : Act on
an Important Question
Clever Infant Tumbler and
Other Strong' Features
on Orplieum Programme
Andy Briggs Breaks Up Pa
rade of the Fishermen's
Union and Is Sorry for It
W. P. Goldie Loses His Life
in the ,. Treacherous Un
dertow at Ocean Beach
BRINGS OUT CAR
LOAD OF BABIES
STAND FIRMLY
FOR OPEN SHOP
GOOD BILLS
AT ALL SHOWS
GRIPMAN SEIZED
BY ANGRY MOB
DROWNS WHILE
FRIENDS LAUGH
THE SAN FR^'CISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1904.
• Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drurcists. 50c flask. Richard & Co.. iOtt Clay.',
: ' Rnrnett'n,Rxtrnct of Vnnllla Is the
t»arirr all the world over.^JJse no other. . •;.
The Paralso Springs are always oor.n.
CHURCH FAIR BENEFIT. — The ladles of
'-St. Rose's parish will ¦ Rive an entertainment
and dance at St. Rose's hall on Brannan street
Wednesday evening for the benefit of the com
i inc church f«iir.
ALLEGED EMBEZZLER CAUGHT.— Charles
Stasltano was arrested near Santa Rosa yester
day and charged with > embezzling '$00 • from . a
firm of silversmiths. : i.1 S&E&XBBKBM
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"fur hats"
ARE A SPECIALTY
WITH US J* J*
And we are noted for
our skill m creating Fur
Hats of charming style
and exclusive elegance at>
moderate prices.
Have yon seen our Pur Sets — Boa,
Muff and Hat to match? They are
topnotchers for clearance and as rtyl-
ish as can be. ¦ .'¦-
¦ DON'T FOEGET OTJS HUMESE,
ADVERTISEMENTS. 9
LJ El Wni ill iRSi M \ |2|Vra
139 MASOS STBEET.
SO TOT7 WA2TT A. STTBXT-UV
Z.UNCH?
Well, we can fix you up. Oar Delicacy
Department Is equipped for Just such
emergencies, for we have th« most com-
plete department of the kind In the city.
Our wines, too. and our liquors and cor-,
dials, are th« best than can be bought.
Our prices always considerably under
those of other stores.
SPECIALS THIS WMX 70S
MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY ONLY
\. *'."': " Phono Scratli 983.
MMABCHAlfD SABSXBTXS, 3 tias. .
45c
Finest brand of boneless sardines packed;
r«Bularly 30c a tin.
PI.0RIDA PINEAPPI.E, tla. . . . 20c
Fancy quality sliced pineapple; regularly
25c.
PDEEE SE rOXZS G&AS, tin..20c
Tey£sonneau*s brand, exquisite for sand-
wiches; regularly 25c. ; ;¦; -
twtt s-tbxxp, bot. 35c
Raspberry. Strawberry. Pineapple and
Grenadine: regularly 50c.
P. S. WHISXET, bot, 75c, sTJU. 8ft
This Is our prlvat: stock brand; age- and
purity ruaranteed: never sold for less
than 91.23 a bot. or $5.00 a gral.
EEADVU.LE WHISKEY, bot...,"Oo
Gallon SS.OO
A rood article at a very moderate price;
regularly Toe a bot. and $3.00 a gal.
B ASTLETT OIlfOES ALE, doz. f>Oc
Manufactured from purest material;
regularly 91.10.
Stmember Our 2Tew Somber
;.';,'¦'> 139 MASOH STMIT.
l&t^^^^^ FOR AND '
A baby wko frets, worries,
cries or sleeps poorly is prob
ably poorly nourished unless,
there is actual disease. Meilin'&
Food provides plenty of good nourish*
ment; easily digestible and does away
with all fretting and crying. Try McV
tin's Food, we will send you a sample.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MA33.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BQWEN
Serve a tKin slice \
oflemon in the cup!
with B E, E brand
Ceylon tea to
produce a most
fascinating nectar.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Macaroni-Spaghetti 12#
La Favorita, vermicelli, letters and
numbers, ree'lv 15c Ib
Kona Coffee reg'ly 25c Ib 20
Salmon — 2 1b cans 3 for 50
Extra quality, reg'ly 20c
Sardines-ispa, is 20 doz 2.20
Sardines-D & g, %s 25 " 2.90
French fish, reg'ly 22#c, 30c can
Thon Bordelaise-D&G is
White fish in oil with garlic, reg'ly 20c
SoupS— Franco-American \ pt 10
reg'ly 10c, 20c, 35c can pt 3 for 50
Equal to home made qt 30
Currant Jelly-Oneida County 25
Black and rtd, finest made doz 2.80
French Olive Oil 55
*• G B & Co., Vierge, reg'ly 65c qt
Findon Haddock-Moir's 25
- Appetizing Scotch fish, reg'ly 30c can
CoCOa- Baker's, reg'ly 25c 20
Mandarin Nectar Tea 45
[ Refreshing, mild flavor, reg'ly 60c Ib
Creole Rice— Carolina 5 !bS"45
- reg'ly 10c Ib fn cartons 10 " 90
Black Figs 3#ibs25
HamameliS-Exttact of Witch-hazel
Heals Hurts, ipt 15c, pt 25c, qt 40
Spring Cake Forms-reg'iy 75t55
- 10 in diameter, Adjustable bottom
Vegetable Grater-regi'y 25c 15
Broom-Little Lady 30
\ rejg'ly 40c, a good one
Whisky-G B & Co., O K Bourbon
Sweet Mash, reg'ly *1 bot 3 for 2.00
> Pure, good «4 gal 3.00
Scotch Whisky-D.c.L. 1.15
j Highland Nectar, reg'ly $1.50 bot
Beer-Evcrard pts 1.35
Canada malt lager,
; reg ly ? 1.55, <2.35 qts 2.10
Angostura Bitters-reg'iyssc 75
Table Claret- v zinfandei 40
reg'ly 50c gal
Port-SherryrMadiera 75
Imported, reg'ly fl bot, J4 gal 3.C0
Direct from Aden—ship-
ment of four year old Mocha
coffee, the finest produced,
jo Ib pockets, green or roast-
ed, each $4.
.._!___ " APV^BTISEMIgrTS. '
V^ 0^^ Monday, October 3rd.
NEWLACES
We have just received our complete stock of Fall and
Winter Style Laces, selected from the greatest lace centers
of the world, from the narrowest edging to the" widest, from
the most inexpensive to the richest, and from the simplest ef-
fect to the most elaborate, at reasonable prices. They com-
prise: "
NEW POINT GAZE. LIERRI. NOVELTY SPANGLED GO-
VENICE AND ORIENTAL DET LACES and all-over nets.
BSS^SgSSS 'SSI in blade, black and white white
and ecru, with bands. Galoons and silver, white and cold and
and all-over nets to match. in a number of iridescent ef-
REAL AND IMITATION AP- fccts '
PLIQUE, ALENCON AND «««, vp1?Nr u vnpMiMnv
CHANTILLY LACES in N£ W J^EJNCH NORMANDY
black, white and cream; dif- and ROUND MESH VALEN-
ferent widths, with .bands to CIENNES LACES, different
match. ¦ widths of edgings and inser-
BLACK SILK NET TOP AND tions to match » in medium and
VENICE LACES, with bands, fine qualities.
galoons and all-over nets to ¦ ~ ~~~ ~"~~
match. NOVELTY Gode* A gTeat variety of NEW BLACK
laces, in white, cream, ecru and AND CREAM DRESS AND
witfall-ovrr n^io nSSTfi WAIS^ NETS ! '?£*?? "J
black, cream and champagne many designs in the figured
shades. and dotted effects.
We carry a full line of CHIFFONS, MOUSSELINE DE SOIE.
LIBERTY. CHIFFON AND SILK MULL, in black, white,
cream and all the leadincr s
Veilings
A complete stock of CHIFFON. LACE and NET FINISHED
VEILINGS and the latest ideas in plain, dotted and Tuxedo
Veils, in black and colors. * . - .
Ruchmgs
The latest novelties in BLACK,- WHITE, AND COLORED NECK
RUCHINGS, also sleeve rufflings, in cream, ecru and black.
NecKwear Malinc
A number of the latest novelties A large shipment of iooo pieces
i in NECKWEAR to select of 37-INCH MALINE NET
from, including Point - Gaze, to select from. Extra aualitv.
Venice and Battenbersr Lace in black, white, cream and all
Stock Collars, from 26c to the leading shades, at SOc
$2.50 each. yard.
NOTE-MAIL ORDERS PROMPTY FILLED
Embroidery Trimmings
2000 yards Cambric Embroideries: W» A most complete stock of trimming-*
to 4 In. wide, lSe. 3Mi to 6 In. wide. In plain slllt, black and colored, new Per-
20c. 4 to 7 In. wide, 25c 1S00 yards *ian In band and separate patterns. In all
18-inch Cam- 1«— i — ¦¦ —^ —^ ¦¦ — — «¦^ -_» s 1 i « s and
brlc Nain- - price* 25o
In?: 75c r-g- %p/ft •'^ VgT 7 b-autlful as-
ular value; "¦" Mjf £/£/ tf/ * wrtment of
Mlllnj now . 1 SZJ'J l^iTTr\ Braids. In
at JiOo yd. J l&TT&A'**** J«3l Plain tad
3000 yds of - 1 W fancy colon.
16 and lMn. .^VCrPCPi^ EL . 1 from 10c
Corset Em- '<^7^Q / T«J. upwarrtj.
b r o 1 derle«r. ift92 a *Vl Soutache
very fine pat- pwa^»W^ r J braids In
terns, 40c. ' black, in all
.^boc 7^ 1 1 1 to 121 Post Street SJiT and