PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1904.
. Dispatches from the front give a vivid picture of the desperate character
of the fighting along the whole line. The Russian plainsmen have been
again forced to engage in hill fighting, which Is little to their liking. There
have been desperate and repeated attack3 upon almost inaccessible posi
tions, which leave no question of the resolution and gallantry of the Rus
sian forces. Guns have been captured and recaptured in fierce hand-to-hand
fighting, while a pitiless downpour of rain, the inevitable accompaniment of
a great battle, has flooded the trenches and drenched both armies without
allaying the desperate conflict^
The latest word directly from the field of battle is the Mukden dispatch
to the press, in which It Is said that 15.000 Russians had been wounded,
which, together with to-day's casualties, would make the total probably
exceed the figures of Llaoyang and make the fight rank as one of th£
bloodiest battles in history. A pitiable feature is the coming of tho^
sands of wounded to Mukden. The roads and fields are covered with crip^
pled men, dragging themselves to the shelter of the hospitals, the wounded
helping each other, as few able-bodied men are being spared from the
fighting line. .
It must be borne in mind In reading the descriptions by correspondent*
Friendp of General Kuropatkin say the present offensive movement was
Inspired from St. Petersburg, as was doubtless General Stakelberg*s for the
relief of Port Arthur, and If Kuropatkin's star has set. others than he are
responsible. At the same time, the supporters of General Kuropatkin argue
that, whatever may be the direct outcome of the past few days' fighting.
it Is not likely to be an irretrievable disaster to the Russian army.
It is pointed out that even if General Kuropatkin was forced to advance
against his better Judgment, he is too good a general to have undertaken an
aggressive movement which he did not feel strong enough to carry through
without leaving open a road for retreat and while the Russian forward
movement may be an absolute failure, so far as the relief of Port Arthur
is concerned, and though Kuropatkin may lose many men and some guns.
this is the worst that can happen. If General Kuropatkin succeeds in keep
ing the alignment of his forces— and the dispatches indicate that he is doing
this and the Japanese do not succeed In breaking up or cutting off any
considerable portion of his army, he will not be in a much worse position,
even If he should be forced to retire to Mukden, than he was before the ad
vance began.
The probabilities are that the losses on both sides will be about equal.
LOSS EXCEEDS THAT AT LIAOYANG.
The depressing feature of the situation is that every one is willing tr»
believe the worst. Thus, reports from Tokio and elsewhere stating 'that
the Japanese are advancing and the Russians falling back, are accepted
with faith based upon the previous Russian retreats.
Naturally many reports are current as to the genesis of the forward
movement. It is stated that General Kuropatkin was forced into tak
*ing the offensive by pressure from the authorities here. This has been of
ficially denied and as General Kuropatkin's order to advance was given
over his own signature It seems likely that he will have to bear all the
responsibility, whether the situation is of his own making or not.
KUROPATKIN'S FRIENDS STILL HOPEFUL.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 15, 2:30 a. m. — The great feeling of concern
which exists in high circles in the Russian capital to-'nlght by no means
equals the foreboding of coming disaster pervading the general public,
which is indulging In the deepest pessimism. In the absence of official
news the public is being fed on the wildest rumors of defeat suffered by
General Kuropatkin to-day- The fact that no word regarding the battle
has been, officially given out only confirms the popular fear. The explan
ation offered that to-day was a holiday does not suffice to allay the ap
prehension. .
General Kurooatkin's report of the result of the day's operations has
reached Emperor Nicholas at Tsarkoe-Selo, but It had not been returned
here before the War Commission, which sat only until 9:30 o'clock, ad
journed. The Emperor himself is represented as being bitterly disappoint
ed and spending hours with his Cabinet, studying out, with the help of
his military aids, the reports of the battle.
The general staff, however, by no means despairs. Though admitting
that the tide the last two days has been against General Kuropatkin the
general staff says the battle is not yet over and that in any event there
is no Question of a rout.
News From the Front
Disappoints the Czar
Wounded soldiers are being brought In from all directions. The roads
are crowded with long trains of wagons, baggage and transport wagons,
as well as ambulances, being pressed into service, even Chinese two
wheeled carts filling the -mandate of the military.
.Men afoot art limping: in, using: their guns as crutches, the less severely
wounded supporting their comrades after a first-aid dressing on the firing
line. Even across the fields you meet them taking the shortest and
straightest road for help and shelter.
It is the most pitiful feature of the bloody drama being enacted at
the front, when, stiffening with wounds, pain-racked bodies sink to the
roadside after the support of the danger and glory of the active. fight have
been withdrawn.
In the distance the sounds of battle are still plainly heard. The rain
has ceased and the sun is shining serenely.
MUKDEN, Oct. 14, 3:45 p. m.— The fighting has raged to-day with the
same bitterness as on the previous days of the engagement, and the result
is still in the balance. The losses on both sides are enormous, that of the
Russians being 15,000.
PEKING, Oct. 14.— Mr. TJchida, Japanese Minister, in
formed the Chinese authorities here to-day that the Jap
anese will endeavor before again pausing, to drive the
Russians off the Hun River, out of Mukden and probably
out of Tie Pass. He declared that the islanders have
never had the situation more thoroughly in hand than at
the present time.
TOKIO, Oct. 15, Noon — General Oku captured ten ad
ditional guns yesterday. Heavy fighting continues.
Roads Leading to. Mukden
Are Crowded With Wagons
Filled With Injured Men
FIFTEEN THOUSAND
SLAVS ARE DEAD
OR WOUNDED
Continued on Page 2, Columns 3 and X,
Continued on Page 5, Column 3.
Continued on Page 5. Column 2.
In Mrs. Gregory's complaint Gregory's
name was given as "Edward H."— an
obvious attempt to conceal the insur
ance man's identity. She set forth that
they were married at New Whateom,
Wash., February 27, 1892. Recently, she
cald, he removed his effects from their
apartments and announced hfs purpose
cf not living with her longer, as he pre
ferred the society of other women. She
charged, too, that in his anxiety to get
a dl\*orce from her he had her followed
by detectives. This humiliated her.
The report of Referee Tyler contained
the testimony of Mrs. Gregory and T.
C. Hughes. The plaintiff said her hus
band packed up his effects on the eve
of a departure for New York, then
wrote her that he would not return to
live with her. His letters explained
"Without the inconvenience of appear
ing In court. Grace Gregory was yes
terday granted a divorce from E. H.
Lestock Gregory, general agent for the
Aetna Life Insurance Company. Judge
Kerrigan accepted the report of Referee
James Tyler, and besides the decree of
separation awarded Mrs. Gregory the
custody of her daughter, Vivian, $150 a
month for the support of herself and
child and $150 for the services of her
attorney, Percy E. Towne.
An instance was related of his en
gagement one evening to play cards
with his wife and a party of friends.
He did not appear, she said, and later
she went to dine with the friends. They
were returning home between 1 and 2
o'clock in the morning when she saw
Gregory on the street with another
woman. The sight made her ill and she
was sent home. Nervous prostration
followed and she was confined to her
bed for two weeks. She says the cir
cumstance became a matter of gossip
among her friends.
Regarding the detectives that were
on her trail, Mrs. Gregory said that
"he was bound and determined to get
a divorce from me and to find some
thing against me, but he could not. I
did not believe him when he told me
he had employed detectives. He admit
ted that their reports proved nothing."
The evidence of Hughes was to the
effect that Gregory had told him that
he intended to get a divorce from his
wife and was infatuated with another
woman. . »
"that he loved somebody else"; he had
tried to live with his wife, but '.'simply
could not, as his love for her was
dead." She told of his receipt of letters
and telegrams from the unnamed rival
of his wife's affections.
Tnns or a well-known insurance man who was yesterday
GRANTED A DECREE OF DIVORCE BECAUSE HER HUSBAND NO LONGER
i LOVED HER. BUT PREFERRED THE SOCIETY OF OTHER WOMEN'
The resolution of the Grand Jury and
an accompanying letter from Foreman
Lilienfeld were presented to Presiding
Judge Lawlor last evening asking him
to instruct the District Attorney to
prosecute the Election Commissioners
for misfeasance in office, in an endeavor
to have them removed. The Judge took
the matter under advisement, explain
ing that he wished to look into the law.
He would not say when he would be
ready to take action.
The Commissioners are not to escape
accusation of violating the law in con
nection with their appointments of pre
cinct boards. At a meeting of the dN
rectors of the Merchants' Association
yesterday it was decided to have
charges preferred by complaint in the
Police Court should Judge Lawlor or
the District Attorney's office fail to set
the machinery of law in operation.
The matter was placed in the hands
of the attorneys for the association,
with directions to act forthwith in the
event that either Judge Lawlor or Dis
trict Attorney Byington should refuse
to act. The .resolution of the grand
jurors, passed in lieu of an indictment
because a minority was able to block
the latter, is not regarded as 1 having
much authority in law to compel action,
and the directors of. the Merchants'
Association were determined that the
Commissioners should be brought to
account.
The whole situation as to uprooting
the conspiracy of ballot-box stuffers
was discussed by the association's dir
rectors. There was.a.vigorous.unanim
ity in the decision that every resource
of the organization should be expended
If need be to protect the purity of the
ballot-box. Without regard to politics
or any consideration whatever, the sen
timent was expressed by every director
that .there should be no let-up ¦ in the
"When acquired, the parks and
playgrounds, embracing- three propo
sitions, will be cared for by the Park
Commissioners and the library site and
even the construction of a building
"We believe that it is important that
these properties, involving desirable
improvements, should be purphased
now. Real estate may enhance in
value, and under the limited author
ity of the bond issue, the Supervisors
might be unable, at a later time, to
meet the increased cost. Further
more, in justice to the property own
ers, an early decision should be made.
These considerations are apart from
the important one which actuates this
association to assist in promoting the
progress of. the city on lines of beauty
and adornment.
SHOULD BE BOUGHT NOW.
"These four propositions aggregate,
in round numbers, $2,000,000 and they
contemplate simply the purchase of
lands by the Board of Supervisors as
provided by iaw. They have been ap
praised by former City Engineer C. E.
Grunsky and the above estimates were
made by him.
"We are informed that it is the in
tention of the Supervisors, as soon as
thf bonds be taken, to bring con
demnation proceedings as the fairest
method of determining the exact
values, and that thirty days after Judg
ment shall have -been obtained, pay
ment must be made by the city.
"For the acquisition of land to be
used as children's playgrounds — one
south of Market street in the neighbor
hood of Seventh and Bryant streets,
and one north of Market street in the
neighborhood of Stockton and Filbert
streets, estimated to cost $740,000.
"For the acquisition of a block of
land for a free public library site in
the neighborhood of Van Ness avenue
and Fulton street, at an estimated cost
of $647,000.
"For the acquisition of Mission Park,
to consist of two blocks of land, for
merly the Jewish cemetery, bounded by
Eighteenth, Twentieth, Dolores and
Church streets, estimated to cost $292,
000.
"To the Honorable the Board of Su
pervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco — Gentlemen: As an associa
tion interested in the improvement and
adornment of San Francisco, we regTet
that certain contemplated improve
ments, involving no possible waste of
public funds, should have failed for
lack of buyers for the city's bonds.
Among the propositions voted upon and
approved by the people and for .which
bonds will be issued as soon as they
find purchasers we beg to call your at
tention to the following:
"For the acquisition of seven blocks
of land between the Golden Gate Park
and the Presidio, bounded by Thir
teenth and Fourteenth avenues, to con
nect the Presidio and the park, at a
cost estimated at $328,000.'
FOR MISSION PARK.
The offer is an important one in view
of the fact that when bonds aggregat
ing 55,600,000 were offered for sale by
the Board of Supervisors bids aggre
gating: only $277,000 were received. The
communication on the subject follows:
"SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 14, 1904.
The Association for the Improvement
and Adornment of San Francisco has
filed a communication with the Board
of Supervisors to the effect that certain
commercial and savings banks have de
cided to offer to buy a large portion of
the bond issue for public improvements.
The ,. communication _j»tate«-,Uia,tithe.
Mutual Savings Bank offers* to take the
entire issue of $328,000 for the purchase
of lands to connect Golden Gate Park
with the Presidio. The German Bank
it is said will buy $200,000 of the rest of
the issue.
Offer Is Made Through the Association
for Improvement and Adornment
of San Francisco.
Assurance Is Given to the
Board of Supervisors
ol the Sale.
Banks Agree to Pur
chase Securities
for Lands.
THE resolution of
the Grand Jury
asking Presiding
Judge Lawlor to in
struct the District
Attorney to proceed
against the Election
Commissioners for
their removal from
office was communi
cated to the court last
evening and taken
under advisement
Foreman Lilienfeld
sent an accompany
ing letter in which
he wrote unsparingly
of the character , of
ttie^meiL who r were
appointed to: the pre
cinct boards.
If the District At
torney fails to act,
complaints against
the Election Board
will be sworn to by
representatives of the
Merchants' Associa
tion. The directors
decided on this step
at a meeting yester
day.
The preliminary
hearing of Charles
Wyman occupied half
the day. The people's
case will close Tues
day. The defense will
probably offer no tes
timony.
Await Action of Judge
Lawlor and District
Attorney on Request
SOON TO MAKE
MORE ARRESTS
Directors Determined
in Campaign Against
Ballot-Box Stuffers
ROW OF JURORS
IS DISCUSSED
New Impanelment Not
to Be Urged While
Good Work Goes On
investigation" of ttis frauds so flagrantly
committed on primary day. J
WILL GO "AHEAD WITH ARRESTS.
More arrests are soon to be made.
The case against Charles Wyman has
been made out well at the preliminary
examination now in progress in the Po
lice Court, and the directors felt en
couraged to go ahead with charges
against others against whom evidence
of "stuffing" has been gathered. It had
been deemed best to await the outcome
of the "Wyman case In order to learn
what kind of a showing could be made
in court with the evidence available.
The result Is satisfactory already, be
cause at no point has the prosecution
been weakened.
The attorneys are therefore to be in
structed to go ahead at an early day
with the other cases.
The work of the present Grand Jury
was also considered. Its indictment of
Adolph Steffens for illegal voting, of
Joseph Rebstock for misconduct while
serving as an election officer and the
demand on Judge Lawlor and tht Dis
trict Attorney to take steps against
the Election Commissioners were re
garded as evidence of an earnestness
to do something toward uncovering the
alleged conspiracy.
True, an element in the Grand Jury
appears to be trying to block the in
vestigation of the frauds. The dis
cord which broke out into violent dis
agreement and refusal of several mem
bers to participate in the finding of
indictments at Thursday's session Is
discouraging. It was a question, the
directors thought, if any further for
mal accusations would be made by the
Grand Jury in connection with the
ballot-box offenses.
But the directors were content to let
well enough alone and do nothing
toward urging a dismissal of the jury.
A new impanelment might result in
greater disadvantage to the campaign
against the alleged violators of the
purity of elections law. The present
body has at least not shown a dispo
sition to interfere with the prosecu
tions of the Merchants' Association and
the directors found some gratification
in this, for in the beginning serious
misgivings were entertained.
CAN ACT BY RESOLUTION.
The Grand Jurors who are seeking
to press the probing of the frauds are
willing to go ahead, although they do
not feel certain they will be able to
muster the twelve votes necessary for
indictment. If the course adopted as to
the Election Commission proves suc
cessful in the bringing of charges, they
can avail themselves of it in other
cases, for a resolution can be passed
by a majority vote. Should Judge
Lawlor and the District Attorney fail
to accede to the requests to institute
prosecutions, the Grand Jury can at
any rate give aid and moral support to
the Merchants' Association in its cam
paign.
If the minority of the jurors attempt
to have the Grand Jury dismissed by
order of court, as is planned, the ma
jority-will oppose the effort.
The following is the communication
submitted to Judge Lawlor by Fore
man Lillenfeld:
To the Hon. William P. Lawlor, Presiding:
Judge Superior Court: ¦
Dear Sir: I desire to present to you the
following resolution adopted by a • majority of
the members of the Grand Jury of this city
and county to-day, viz.:
"Resolved, That the Grand Jury instruct its
foreman to kindly request of the presiding
Judge of the Superior Court to instruct the
District Attorney of this city and county to
commence proceedings to oust from office the
INSURANCE MAN'S WIFE FREE
Tells Her His Love Is Dead
WILL TAKE
PORTION OF
BOND ISSUE
Gregory Bonds Severed
Merchants' Association Will
Prosecute Election Commission
If Grand Jury's Effort Fails
RUSSIANS MEET WITH DEFEAT AND ARE RETREATING
LONDON, Oct. 15. — The Daily Chronicle's correspondent at Yentai, telegraphing October 12, via Fusan, October 14, says: 'The Rus
sian attack failed everywhere, and the Cossacks are in full retreat along the whole line, pursued by the Japanese. Thirty Russian guns
were captured, and the Japanese turning movement is pressing the Russians back to Mukden. The Russians made sixteen counter attacks
with splendid bravery, sacrificing themselves freely, but unavailingly."
THE TTEAXHEB.
Fcc«CBXt rn&fc» at Eaa rnrnriinto tor
¦fl'jr^y < inn i« »n<TH>y Twirtr^g-trt, Ocl»
b*x IS.:
Era riraca dec* znA TlctEltr — Prr>tmli*y
Aimwi* Bacnrfijcr: JirSi v«t Triad.
GL. B. TVIUjSOV. Local Forecajaer
fef ni'PTf-riTy to rlim Re)-
The San Francisco Call.
I *
\xjTAT.An— -^ar* and Tmir Algy.~
CAXJTOfCflA— "Tfce Twiderfbct."
CENTRA!*— "Sh«."
CHUTES — VandevUle.
OOLCMBIA— 'The Offtc* Boy."
"Down th* Line."
G RA2/D— **B«isom*»ter..**
LTBJC HAUL— "Twelfth. Xlrfet-" Mat
inee to-day. "Macii Ado Afeout
Nothing."
MAJKSTiC— "A JaosacM Niraiin
gmle."
ORPHXTTSf — •Vaadevtn*.
TTYOLJ— **Dw Basttata&r.
yiHn«j« aj. gjl theaters to-dtT. '
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 137.Continued From Page 1, Columns 6 and 7.
ISTews Prom the Front
at the front that some of the phases right in their point of view have al
ready been discounted by official or; later news; but, taken as a whole, they
present a vivid panorama of. the situation at the front, #ave at .the extreme
east, where the heaviest Russian attack was planned to be delivered. From
that quarter the news is less full and satisfactory,- though it eeems» un
questionable .that the Russian advance upon" the .main Japanese position
at Bensihu • has ' been checked. > ";¦'¦'
"We are all wet to the skin. A
thunderstorm of almost tropical char
acter swept down upon us. last night
and flooded the trenches. The sky was
torn with bolts heavier than those of
any „ artillery. It is now 10 o'clock in
the morning and U.J storm is increas
ing. The crash of thunder, mingled
with the , roar of . cannon . and the
whistle of bullets and shells, make a
glorious but: terrible -spectacle."
"It Is impossible at present to judge
of the situation. To do this we prob
ably will have to wait some days. Our
men still believe we shall achieve a
final success. - -
havior of several regiments. The
Trans-Baikal regiment, under Colonel
Gavrilieff ,\ is doing splendid work. The
Japanese to-day landed an unexpected
blow on our right flank and took two
batteries, but we regained them.
To Cure a Cold hi One Day
Take Laxative i Bromo Quinine TablaU. All
druggist* refund the money If It falls to cur*.
E. W. Grove's signature U on each box. 25c. •
No News From Port Arthur.
CHEFU, Oct. 14, evening. — No news
reached Chef u to-day concerning the
operations at Port Arthur.
TOKIO, Oct. 14. — it is officially an
nounced that twenty-seven officers
were killed and 183 were wounded
during the operations against Port
Arthur from June 26 to July 31.
If a i burglar were to break Into a
woman's house, she would- probably
eay "Shoo!"- to him.
Preparing to Receive the Wounded.
LONDON, Oct. 14.—A dispatch to
a news agency from Harbin to-day
says that the hospitals are preparing
for the reception of thirty-seven offi
cers, and 1200 men wounded during
the recent fighting before Yentai and
who are now on their way to Harbin
by train.
Following the story of H. H. Pear
son's successful evasion of service of
summons in a suit for S 15,000 while
hiding in the bunkers of the steam
ship China at Honolulu, a suit was
filed yesterday in the local Superior
Court for the recovery of .the -sum
named. The plaintiff Is L. S. High
ton, who says that he holds Henry E.
Highton's assignment for the cla Im.
The complaint was prepared by At
torneys Sullivan & Sullivan and the
papers were nerved on Pearson as he
emerged from his bathroom, by a pri
vate . detective. Pearson was too sur
prised, to make any comment
Henry E. High ton was practicing
law In California in 1886, when he
was engaged to defend Pearson at
Salt Lake in a trial for murder. Pear
son was acquitted and went to . the
Orient Highton, who has since re
moved v to Honolulu, learned • that
Pearson was on his way to. San Fran
cisco on the China and made arrange
ments to have him served with the
summons while in the Hawaiian -port.
The officer, . however, was unable to
find him on the boat
Evaded Summons at Honolulu, but
Will Have to Answer In
Court Here.
Reports Death of Russian Officer.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 15, 7:50
a. m.— A special dispatch from Chef u
reports that the commander of the
Russian gunboat Giliak, in the harbor
of Port. Arthur, has been killed and
that many sailors have been wounded.
Possibly this refers to the reported
wrecking of a Russian warship by
Japanese land batteries.
SUIT AGAINST PEARSON
FOR HIGHTON'S BIG FEE
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 14.—
Eight torpedo boats, evidently destined
for Japan, have arrived at Minnesota
Transfer from Fore River, Quincy,
Mass. The boats are loaded on nine
teen cars. Every effort is being made
to hasten the departure of the ship
ment and special detectives are em
ployed in watching night and day. The
cars came in. over the Burlington and
left to-night over the Great Northern.
Torpedo Boats for Japan.
Church May .Furnish Sinews of War.
LONDON, .Oct. 15. — A Russian corre
spondent of the Times reports a rumor
that the Russian Treasurer has ap
proached the Holy Synod with a view
to drawing upon church property for
the sinews of war.* • From the same
source it is . reported that General
Keller's widow ,hafl been persuaded,
through official influence, to postpone
the publication of , her husband's let
ters, because revelations of the de
ficiencies of the military organization
and equipment, would cause a painful
impression.
WASHINGTON HEARS NEWS.
Japanese Legation Receives Cablegram
From Toklo Government.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 14. — The Jap
anese Legation to-day received the
following cablegram from Tokio:
"Marshal Oyama sends the follow
ing report of the engagement of
Wednesday and Thursday:
" 'In the direction of Benslhr the
enemy made repeated counter attacks
on Wednesday, but were repulsed. The
enemy showed a sign of retreat to
ward evening and our forces have as-
LONDON, Oct. 16.— All accounts of
the fighting south of Mukden that have
reached London appear to confirm the
completeness of the Japanese victory
and the only question discussed by mil
itary critics is whether General Kuro
patkin will be able to make as orderly
a retreat as he did from Liaoyang or
whether the Japanese possess sufficient
fresh reserves to undertake a success
ful pursuit, in which latter case it is
believed the Russians will be com
pelled to abandon Mukden. In this
connection, the Standard's Yentai cor
respondent, in a dispatch, asserts that
General Oku's army has occupied
Pachiatze, only twelve miles from Muk
den. It Is considered here, however,
that the Japanese advance could hard
ly have pushed as far as these reports
make it appear and probably the error
arises out of the difficulty of locating
places mentioned in various reports.
A dispatch from Tokio to the Stand
ard says:
"It is unofficially reported that th«
Japanese right army has succeeded in
isolating a force of Russians in the
Bensihu-Kiaotoan district. It is ru
mored that Kuropatkin himself is with
the force, which seems doomed to de
struction. The central army captured
eleven guns and the left army twenty
five guns, while, the spoils of the right
army are expected to be still more val
uable. It is believed here that the dis
astrous advance was forced on General
Kuropatkin from St. Petersburg. In
any case his move was an unexpected
godsend for the Japanese army."
Nothing reliable has thus far been re
ceived concerning the fate of the Rus
sian force reported to have been iso
lated in the vicinity of Bensihu.
The Standard's correspondent at Yen
tai, under date of October 10, says:
"The whole Russian line has been
driven back over a distance of twenty
miles, and seventy guns have been cap
tured. Pursuit is being kept up by a
strong force on both flanks. There is
good reason to hope that Oyama has
succeeded in enveloping the enemy. The
cause of the Russian defeat is that the
Japanese army drove a wedge Into the
middle of the enemy's line. Prisoners
say General Kuropatkin personally
commanded the troops on the main
road and that General Mistchenko was
in command at Bensihu. A brigade of
Infantry and a regiment of cavalry
crossed the Taitse River, but found
themselves In a critcal position and're
tired to the right bank, with the Japa
nese in pursuit. The Japanese hurled
back sixteen counter-attacks upon
their right. The army lost 3000 men in
} the fighting around Bensihu."
TELL. OF JAPANESE VICTORY.
"Last night passed with the usual
intermittent rifle fire, capped with a
terrible. rainstorm, which added to the
discomforts of every one."
"Captain Michaels got the range of
the Japanese batteries later and two
of our shells put them out of action.
The Japanese then seemed to lose their
heads, swarmed out of the trenches
and fled. Our Infantry occupied the
position, but it was a harder fight than
Liaoyang.
"We are expecting a heary attack.
It is understood the Japanese have
strong reserves and guns of big cali
ber.
"The Japanese ran out of ammuni
tion and met our men with stones and
clubbed rifles in a bitter hand-to-hand
struggle. In the meantime Japanese
reinforcements and ammunition ar
rived. Lieutenant Grozdieff was shot
in the chest.
"We were forced to retire. One of
our batteries, having spent most of the
night in dragging its guns* by hand up
an almost perpendicular mountain and
ousting the Japanese from the crest
after a hard fight, was forced to retire
when a Japanese mortar battery got
the range of its position.
"We resumed the attack on Toumin
lineky under a hail of firing, especially
from two well concealed mortars which
we were unable to locate.
"Judging from the sound the heav
iest firing took place north of Yentai,
where the Japanese themselves as
sumed the offensive. Nearer the cen
ter it was quieter. We moved forward,
occupying some of the small passes.
"It should be pointed out that with
such an extensive front it is difficult to
say which position constitutes the real
center. It will be more correct to dis
tinguish the center and flanks separ
ately of each division.
'"Our losses on October 11 were com
paratively small. In the small ravine
where we were stationed the firing
slackened toward evening, but recom
menced after dark and continued, with
little intermission, all night. On Oc
tober 12 every one looked for a crucial
engagement, but though heavy fight
ing followed, the result remained inde
cisive. The Japanese advanced boldly
and attacked hotly on the extreme
right at Yentai and further toward the
left. All their attacks were -repulsed
with great loss. We also suffered heav
ily. The conveyance of the wounded to
hospitals was accomplished with diffi
culty, owing to the distance of the rail
way.
"The division to which I am at
tached deployed on October 13, oppo
site two passes called Touminlinsky,
eight miles north of Bensihu, and Hua
Pass, five miles west, each bounded by
high and almost perpendicular hills,
which held Japanese. Our troops had
tried on the night of October 11 to
take the passes during a storm. Lieu
tenant Grozdieff led another assault on
the Japanese trenches at the top of the
hill.
"The fighting on October 11 was fu
rious and continuous along a front so
extensive that it would be impossible
to give details from any one point.
MUKDEN, Oct. 14.— A correspondent
gives the following account of the
battle:
"Up to the present time the battle
along the whole line has been one of
varying success. We are now resting,
cold, drenched and weary, from a
heavy thunderstorm which began last
evening and continued this morning.
We hold positions captured from the
Japanese a.nd are awaiting develop
ments on the extreme east:
lt UN OUT OF A3IMUN1TION.
"Our men are displaying the great
est -bravery and endurance In the face
of all obstacles. Ouna have been
dragged by hand up impossible moun
tains. In one narrow defile the Jap
anese rolled stones on them. We could
not take the pass, but men scaled the
hill sides and took the heights com
manding the Japanese positions after
a stubborn fight. Our right has recov
ered itself. We have kept within
touch of our turning column, bo that
strategically we have a decided ad
vantage. In greatest contrast to the
veteran regiments that participated in
the battle of Liaoyang, the new re
serves from European Russia, in fresh
uniforms and equipments, with faces
untanned ' and unworn by". war, are
watchful, epergetio and determined.
: "I cannot • speak" In* detail of the be-
BRAVERY OF THE RUSSIANS.
"From our turning column on the left
nothing; has been heard. We are
anxiously expecting news that it has
reached its destination.'
"From 8 O'clock in the morning the
fight raged. Along the whole line the
infernal din of the refle fire continued
as on the previous day, but up to noon
the Japanese batteries gave no sign
of life. It ' developed that they were
waiting to locate our positions before
opening fire. Even after they com
menced it was not so heavy as the
previous day's bombardment.
"Far to the westward the Japanese
are trying to work around our flank,
but there we are safe and have suffi
cient forces to meet them. Two simul
taneous turning movements are pro
ceeding, their's and our's.
"Reports of heavy losses during the
night attack- are coming in. The
Tomsk Regiment suffered terribly. Of
the brilliant Tamboff Regiment few re
main. The troops fought like heroes
throughout the hours of darkness and
the morning found most of them dead
on the ground they had bravely de
fended. Those .remaining continue to
fight. In the big village before us the
remnants of -several regiments, after
repelling attacks throughout the night,
ensconced themselves in the shelter of
the walls of the houses, prepared for a
fresh day's work.^
"The Japanese* attack on Temple
Mountain began at 8:45 o'clock in the
morning, but our batteries on each side
kept them in view and repelled the at
tack. The attack was repeated at 10
o'clock and finally at noon ""> general
commanding ordered a retirement from
the position, going .to Shikhl. We
had scarcely left the hill before it vas
filled with Japanese projectiles. At
Shikhi we met. General Zalinsky, who
had come to report. Then an aid gal
loped up with the news that the Jap
anese had driven us from the railroad
i on the west, but had not followed up
the temporary advantage, stopping to
cook their noonday .meal. Late at
night we caught them at a disadvan
tage and the Mornshensk Regiment
paid them with interest for their suc
cess .of the morning.
DIN OF THE RIFLE FIRE.
SOUSZOUTAM (twelve miles south
of Mukden, on the railway, Oct. 13 (de
layed in transmission).— A Russian cor
respondent telegraphs as follows:
• "For over two days the battle has
raged ceaselessly. It was close to mid
night of October 10 when the Japanese
attempted to surprise and attack our
frontal positions in the impenetrable
darkness and hurled the full force of
their battalions against our intrench
ments. The darkness was split by the
blaze of their rifles and the answering
volleys of our men. The attack never
ceased for hours. We lay close, hug
ging the intrenchments, with but a few
minutes of respite, every man's gun to
his shoulder, firing at the flashes until
near dawn, when the evil-boding rifle
fire ceased and even the distant batter
ies were silent. We watched the day
light break in bands of red and yellow.
The clouds, seemingly tinged with
streaks of blood, hung over the silent
valley, which might have been empty
for all the signs of life it gave, while
from the plain below us rose dark and
silent hills, like the silhouettes of tomb
stones through the half-light. The fog
thickened, covering low-lying places.
Nothing could have better suited for
to-day's duel between two races.
"Day had hardly lightened the slope
of the two-horned mountain when our
batteries began to cover it with shrap
nel. Puffs of white smoke marked the
.landing of each shell. With the
naked eye we could see the Japanese
being shelled out of their trenches.
First one and then groups of three
and four black figures sprang into
view, squatting down, running for
cover or scurrying away among the
rocks, but the shells followed them,
tearing up the rocks..
-"Japanese fell literally like wheat
thrown by, the hand of a sower. On
the. mountain beside the Buddhist tem
ple our battery was also working. Then
another opened from the opposite side.
The Japanese fled so .quickly . that the
gunners could hardly follow them.
Soon Japanese resourcefulness showed
itself. 1 They fired the big native village
on the side of the two-horned moun
tain, rightly guessing that the wind
from the east would carry the smoke
toward us, making a screen for them
and confusing the aim of our gun
ners.
Reports from the left, however, only
bring the situation up to yesterday af
ternoon. A high officer of the general
staff says that the situation, while crit
ical, is not desperate. Kuropatkin is
keeping his head and acting cautiously,
as is shown by his withdrawal of both
wings in the belief that the Japanese
assaults will exhaust themselves. He
says the slaughter was frightful. No
estimate of the losses is yet possible,
but they run far into the thousands.
The losses were especially heavy on
the Russian left and center. In a single
regiment, out of more than a hundred
officers, only eight escaped.
The same authority says that no in
formation has been received here tend
ing to confirm the report that the Jap
anese are likely to cut off a force on
the Russian left. Neither is the threat
ened enveloping movement against the
Russian right greatly feared, Kuro
patkin having a large number _of Cos
sacks on his right; held in leash to
meet just such a contingency.
It is now evident that Kuropatkin's
plan was to press his advance not di
rectly from the front, but toward the
left for the purpose of getting in the
rear of Oyama's triangle.
SITUATION IS CRITICAL).
A later dispatch from General Sak
haroff, sent at 6 o'clock this morning,
explains more of the operations' of Oc
tober 12 and 13, in which it appears
that the Russian center was due north
of the Yentai mines, the right running
west a short distance beyond the rail-;
road and the left sweeping southeast
ward toward Bensihu. The real bloody
work did not. begin until Wednesday,
when the Japanese made a series of de
termined attacks on Sialiupedzy, about
seven miles north of Yentai, but the
Russians, .held off their assailants. In
the meantime, however, the extreme
right, comparatively lightly held, was
forced back, thus compelling Kuropat
kin to. slightly draw back his line above
Yentai in. order to preserve its align
ment. .... ._,.'.
: On, the extreme left, after a'deter
mined resistance, the Russians 'suc
ceeded in " carrying the rocky heights
and Hua Pass, north of Bensihu, : but
the arrival of Japanese reinforcements,
Kuropatkin says, made it impossible
for the Russians to press their advan
tage here and as the left was now too
far advanced, it also . was withdrawn
some distance.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 14.—An
other dispatch from General; Sakharoff,
dated early this morning, says regard
ing the fight of October 12 and 13 that
the Russians on the right 1 wing de
fe'nded their advanced positions and
also portions of the different; main po
oitions, particularly in the direction of
Sialiupedzy, "until toward % evening,
when Kuropatkin ordered them to
withdraw a short distance. In spite of
the fact that the Japanese attacks
were chiefly directed against these
troops they held the ground to which
they retired.
On the left wing, after a very ob
stinate struggle, the Russians occupied
the rocky hills south of Bentsiaputze
and near Bensihu, about eighty miles
north of Yentai, but the arrival - of
large Japanese reinforcements prevent
ed them from profiting by this success,
and as this body was separated from
the rest of the troops Kuropatkin or
dered It to retire.
FORCE RUSSIANS RIGHT BACK.
"The left column of the left army
occupied a line from Heilintun to
Fuchlatien.
"Our fresh reinforcements are con
stantly arriving at Yentai and In that
vicinity."
"The center column of the left army
is now attacking Shchopo. The right
column of the same army is attacking
Huanghuatien. After sunset part of
the right wing of the left column at
tacked Lluchenpo and another ' part
occupied Wanchlayuatzu. : . .
"The center column of the right army
is now attacking a strong: body of the
enemy*
"The right wing of the left column Of
the- right army, after a desperate battle,
occupied the northern height of Shao
takou, the key of the enemy's position.
"The attack movement of the center
army is proceeding satisfactorily. The
forces have occupied the heights north
of Huchiakuchiatzu and Manchuafun.
"The attack movement of the right
army, owing to topographical difficul
ties, is not proceeding as desired.
"The right column of the center army
commenced its attack movement at 10
o'clock in the morning agaipst a height
north of Huchiakuchlatzu. At 2 o'clock
the enemy's artillery, began retreating.,
"The right column of the left army
occupied Panehiapo on the morning -of
the 13th. Its advanced force has al
ready reached Pachiatzu. This column
has been reinforced from the supports
now attacking a division of Russians
in the rear of Huanghuatien, but the
state of the fighting is uncertain.
"Several batteries of Russian artil
lery posted at' Chianhuangchiatien
made a stubborn resistance and part
of our supports attacked them with ar
tillery. The attack is proceeding satis
factorily.
"The pursuing force of the center
column of the left army occupied
Liesanchiatzu and is now pursuing the
enemy toward Koduitun.
"The right wing of the left column is
now attacking the enemy at Hung
linpo."
3:20 p. m. — A report dispatched from
the battlefield last night covering the
progress of the fighting since the fore
going report is as follows: . "".. .
"The right column of the right army
was facing a strong force of the enemy
at Chaohsienlin, but after the arrival of
reinforcements our progress there im
proved.
"Our force in this direction began the
attack early this morning, but the
latest stages of the operation have not
been reported.
"A large cavalry force, commanded
by Prince Kanin, made a detour of the
enemy's left flank in the rear of Ben
sihu and put the enemy's supports in
great confusion, thereby helping our
movement in this direction. Kanin's
cavalry will again advance toward the
rear of the enemy.
"The right column of the right army
is now attacking the enemy at Chaoh
sienlin. The center colurnn of the same
army occupied the surrounding heights
of Lienhua and Maerh mountains. The
left column is now attacking a rem
nant of the enemy's force on a height
north of Shaotakou. . . ,
TOKIO, Oct. 14, 1:30 p. ra.-An ex
tended report from the Manchurian
headquarters reached Toklo during the
night. It records severe fighting dur
ing yesterday and additional Japanese
gains.
The contest around Bensihu con
tinues to be undetermined.
Yesterday a force of Japanese caval
ry, commanded by Prince Kanin, made
a detour of the Russian left flank in
the rear of Bensihu and partially scat
tered the Russian supports.
The report is as follows:
"Several attacks of the enemy, made
in the direction of Bensihu, have been
repulsed. The enemy showed signs of
retreat at 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
It is stated, at the Navy Department
that the mail pouch referred to did not
contain any official communications.
simply mail for the men aboard the
ship.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14. — It devel
oped to-day that a pouch containing
mail for the United States cruiser
Cincinnati, then, at Nagasaki, Japan,
which was aboard the British gteamer
Calchas when that vessel was seized
by the Russian Vladivostok squadron,
had been opened while in the possession
of the Russian officials, subsequently
resealed and sent on to its destination.
This information came to the Post
omce Department to-day in'a communi
cation from the Japanese Postal Ad
ministration, in conformity with a
practice always followed when there
has been any mishap in the delivery of
mail pouches.
The matter will be referred to the
State Department for action, as was
done with the case of the ordinary
United States mail on the vessel at the
time she was seized.
This latest phase of the seizure of the
Calchas mails haa caused a painful sur
prise in official circles, and if the
action of opening the pouch addressed
to the Cincinnati was wittingly done,
the probability is that a second pro
test will be lodged with the Russian
Government. ¦ ..
New Phase of the Seizure
of Steamer Catenas Comes .
to Light.
Retreat Made Necessary by
a Threatened Enveloping
Movement
Tribute Is Paid to Bravery
and Endurance of the
Russian Troops.
At 11 o'clock in the morning the bat
tle reached a stage of severity three
times greater than that of yesterday,
*olid masses of troops filling up the
front.
At 2:20 p. m. the Japanese were oc
cupying a hill two miles to the south
of Hungpas Hill, which they shelled
from a battery which was plainly vis
ible. The results of the shelling were
not Important.
At 4:15 p. m. the Russian army made
an orderly and timely withdrawal, fol
lowed by a furious rifle fire from the
Japanese.
The Red Cross surgeons are perform
ing operations at Siulintzu railway sta
tion. Many of the wounded wer« load
ed on trains which moved north during
the day.
At sundown the cannonading to the
southwest could be heard constantly.
The Russian rear guard was holding
its ground at nightfall.
The Japanese proved their ability to
utilize the strong position at the Yen
tai coal mines, which the Russian ad
vance guard reported had not been
utilized up to October 10. The Rus
sians moving in that direction were un
able to occupy the position owing to
the developments of the past forty
eight hours, and fell back in confor
mity with previous plans.
To the westward there is a growing
activity, and the smoke from the shells
forms an almost impenetrable haze,
hiding the operations of the infantry.
There was an entangled artillery duel
in the vicinity of Tousanpu, to the
westward, in which during the day one
regiment was caught by a cross fire
and threatened with extinction.
Tousanpu wavered until noon, when
the Japanese made good their occupa
tion, and Colonel Stackovitch, who had
made a magnificent stand for four
days, after more than twenty of his
officers had been put out of action, fell
back before the terrible onslaught of
the Japanese.
RUSSIAN ARMY WITHDRAWS.
The result of the fight was that a
mile of ground along the front west of
the railway was lost, but the Russians
regained the ground during the night
by a bayonet attack, without a shot
having: been fired.
The battle was renewed at dawn to
day with terrible effect. The eastern
army evidently is engaged in continu
ous smallarms fighting. There can be
heard the desultory breaking of shells
along the fo.thills about five miles from
the railway.
SLAVS MAKi; XlfiHT ATTACK.
The battle at that moment was beet
observed from Hungpas Hill, two miles
southeast of Siulintzu. Both the Japa
nese and Russian batteries were dis
tinguished by the clouds of dust which
were raised by the concussions.
By the evening of the 11th 600 wound
ed had reached the field hospital, situ
ated at the Siulintzu railway station,
ion miles from the front.
The most fierce and most important
fighting that has taken place since the
l>attle of Liaoyang reached its height
at noon to-day, when after a bold at
tack which lasted for three days the
Russians began a sagacious retirement
from the positions they held yesterday,
and the Japanese by a strong central
movement forced the Russian lines five
miles to the north.
The battle reached a etage of un
usual severity on October 11. along the
railway and to the westward, culminat
ing in the vicinity of Tousanpu.
The line* are in contact from the
vest to the east, and the opposing
armies are in a square frontal fight.
Contrary to former plans, the ad
\ance of the Japanese, which had been
pushing up the Liao Uiver as though
with a determination to turn the Rus
sian right flank, has now crossed the
Hun River.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE RUS
SIAN WESTERN ARMY, Oct. 13, via
Poking, Oct. 14.— Siulintzu was safely
held until midnight to-night, when all
the wounded and the baggage had been
K-nioved.
TOMSK REGIMENT
SUFFERS TERRIBLY
riving continually at "Eentai. 1 "
sumed the offensive since daybreak of
Thursday. The flanking movement of
our strong force of cavalry under
Kanin largely contributed to the fav
orable development of the situation in
that quarter."
' "The central and left columns of the
Right army both occupied important
eminences and continued attacks.
Operations of the Central army are
progressing favorably, dislodging the
enemy there from several strategical
positions. Our reinforcements are ar-
UNABLE. TO RETAIN
HILLS NEAR' YENTAI
Strikes an Unexpected Blow
and Throws Russians
Into Confusion.
KAXIX MAKES DETOUR
OF F0E r S LEFT FLANK
UXCLE SAM LIKELY
TO FILE PROTEST
Correspondent Gives Graphic
Pen Picture of the Fight
Near Miikden.
Arrivnl of Large Japanese
Reinforcements Compels
Him to Move Back.
Fighting Continues Around
Bensilm, but Result Is
Still in Doubt,
Letters for the Cincinnati
Are Not Respected by
Russian Officials.
Slavs Make a Night Attack
and Retake Position
Near the Railway.
KUROPATKIN
ORDERS MEN
TO WITHDRAW
NIGHT FAILS
TO STOP THE
ENGAGEMENT
OPEN POUCH
OF MAIL FOR
BIG CRUISER
SLAV ATTACK
IS REPULSED
BY JAPANESE
Most Serious Engagement
Since Liaoyang Battle
Is Taking Place.
RUSSIANS FALL BACK BEFORE TERRIBLE ONSLAUGHT OF JAPANESE,
BUT HOLD SIULINTZU UNTIL THEY SAFELY REMOVE THEIR WOUNDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURPAY, OCTOBER 15, 1904
CHICAGO. Oct. 14. — Merrltt Joslyn.
who was assistant Secretary of the In
terior under President Arthur, la dead
at Woodstock, 111. He served in the
civil war as captain and was at various
times a member of the Illinois Legisla
ture.
Former Federal Official Dead.
The Russ says that while the re
tirement and loss of guns constitute
an unpleasant eplsodjv'Iiii»sOnly ai *
episode. General Kuropatkin's plan
of battle, the article adds, is too ex
tensive to be judged by «• minnr ra
verse to one part of the line, and bet
ter newa Is expected from the eastern
flank, whence reports are yet meager*
but where most Important operations
are proceeding.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 15. 7:15
a.- m. — There is scanty comment In
the morning papers here upon the
military situation. The Novostl
frankly characterizes it as a defeat,
basing its estimate on reports from
the front up to October 12. The paper
says, however, that the defeat is by no
means decisive and hopes for better
news and a further advance before tha
battle ends.
RUSSIAX PRESS HOPEFUL.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 14.— Th*
Emperor has received tbe following: dis
patch dated yesterday from General
Kuropatkin:
"Two regiments of the Russian right
on October \2 sustained heavy losses.
The commander of one was killed and
the brigade commander was wounded.
Both regiments were compelled to
withdraw, abandoning their artillery,
but subsequently, under Colonel Van
novsky, who temporarily assumed com
mand of the brigade, they, after a
desperate assault, regained possession
of the guns with the exception of six
teen, which remained in the hands of
the Japanese.
"The final issue of the battle "Wednes
day on this flank was unsuccessful for
us. On account of a night attack of
the Japanese, who executed a turning
movement, oar troops were forced not
only to abandon their positions, but
again lost the guns previously recover
ed from the Japanese. Our forces re
tired to the position previously pre
pared on the Shakhe River."
Yictorious Japanese Drive
Foe From Field and Cap
ture Sixteen Guns.
COSSACK EEGDIEXTS
¦"ABANDON ARTILLERY
Kuropatkin Sends Ileport
of Heavy Losses to Rus
sian Right.
CZAR HEARS
OF REVERSES
TO HIS ARMS
2
APv.fciKTlSKA£EyT8>
"Isn't he fine,** mm*
mured Cream Pitcher*
"rich, golden brown and
aromatic. It Is a pleasure
to rflve myself to Golden
Gate and crown him
with dlory."
•• Think yon V© the whole
show, do you?" growled
Sugar Bowl. "What L»
coffee without sugar.
•Tin the one that adds
the finishing touch."
"There, don't quarrel.** '
said Golden Gate, "it
takes you both to com*
plete the dream.'*
Nothing •<>•• with COLDER OATS
COFFEE bat •atUf actloa. >•
prises — bo coupon* — no crockery.
1 t>d 2 lb. irooi'tljlit lias.
N«v«r sol* la balk.
J. A. Folger <£L Co.
San Francisco
No Appetite
Means loss of vitality, vigor
or tone, and is often a pre-
cursor of prostrating sick-
ness. This is why it, is
serious. The best, thing
you can do is to take the
great, alterative and tonic
Hood's Sarsaparilla
; Which has cured thousands
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i ¦ . « — I Positirelr cured by
Cft QTr BQ these Little Pills.
BMWPB tress from Dyspepsia. In-
b|£ eSTTLE digestion and Too Heart j
E 1 1# jT T% Eating:. A perfect rem-
g I VLn edy for Dizziness, Naasea,
W PELLS* Drowsiness, Bad Taste
U'4 jgg in tHe Mouib. Coated
03 SKJjSbI Tongue, Psln In tbe Side,
BTftHTEit fca« _J TORpjp LTVER. They
regulate tbe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE
fJARTERSl CURE SICK HEADACHE *
BpnTLE Genuine Must Bear
lilVER ' Fac-Simfle Signature .
I piUs. <x^~~Ll*
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching:, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your drucffitt will refund money If PAZO OINT-
MENT falls to cure you In 6 to 14 days. 60c. *Ever notice how people reach over
the preserves after the pickles? And
how they insist on passing pickles in
stead of preserves to others?
Inadvertently the urn containing
Haupstuck's remains were included. in"
the sale. All that time the relatives
in Germany manifested little interest
in the search for the corpse, and it
was finally abandoned. The ashes were
not discovered until a month later.
To-day they were offered for auction
and a stranger bid $200. The second
hand dealer believes this came from
the German relatives and expects a
much larger amount to be offered.
OMAHA, Oct. I4.r-Though he has
been dead for ten months, the ashes
of Robert Haupstuck, late of Alameda,
Cal., are not permitted to rest in
peace. They are now in the hands of
a junk dealer here, who refuses to part
with them.
After his cremation in Oakland,
Cal., the wife started overland last De
cember, intending to carry the urn to
his former home in Germany. On the
way she was taken sick and died in
an Omaha hospital. Papers found In
heg possession indicated that she was
accompanying her dead husband's
body and a search was promptly in
augurated for the corpse. Telegrams
were sent forward to Chicago and New
York, but no stray coffin could be dis
covered. Meantime an administrator
was appointed In Omaha to take
charge of the personal effects of Mrs.
Haupstuck, and eventually these were
sold at auction 'to a local junk dealer
for $3.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Remains of Robert Haup
stuck of Alameda Offered
at Auction in Omaha Shop
JUNK DEALER
HAS HIS ASHES
. Giving a flash of 150,000 candleoower,
the most powerful , port ; light in Eng
land, beams from Roker. pier, Sunder
land.
There are ,,no roads in Columbia for
vehicles, and , the entire travel and
carrying trade: is done by steamboats,
burros and mules. Outside of the cities
and large towns there are no wagons,
and footpaths are the only roads lead
ing Into the country.
We have converted. our picture room
into a beautiful art gallery for the exhi
bition and sale of moderate priced paint
ings, water colors, pastels, etchings. and
fine photographs. Inspection cordially in
vited. Sanborn. Vail &Co., 741 Market st-»
A New Art Gallery.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs of
Panama asked the American Minister
to tell the President and Secretary Hay
that Panama would do nothing to irri
tate Colombia and asked for no terri
tory beyond the old boundary. Panama
denied emphatically that it has granted
any concessions to Panamanians or
Americans to exploit the valley of
Atrato.
Much satisfaction is felt at the strong
probability of an early agreement be
tween Costa Rica and Panama re
garding their boundary dispute. Le
onidas Pacheco, special envoy of Costa
Rica to Panama, has returned to his
country bearing Panama's official state
ment of what concessions Panama is
willing to make. At one time there
was danger that Costa Rica would
break off negotiations and that a clash
would occur on the border.
A settlement of the differences be
tween the United States and Panama
in regard to the main question of sov
ereignty and the collection of customs
duties in the zone, as well as the dis
pute concerning the postal systems of
the United States and Panama, will
soon be reached and probably embodied
in the form of a protocol.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.— If Colombia
will take the Initiative there need be no
further fear of a boundary dispute with
Panama. The United States Minister
to Panama has reported to President
Roosevelt and Secretary Hay that Pan
ama is making no further contention
over the boundary and is willing to ac
cept without dispute the old demarca
tion of the department of Panama.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN^ JOSE, Oct. 14.— Telling her
mother that she was going to San
Francisco to attend a matinee Miss
Delmas Walter, one of the prettiest
girls in San Jose, and Herbert Martin
of San Francisco went to Fresno and
were married. The engagement had
been announced some time ago and
preparations for a swell wedding were
being made by her family. News of
the marriage was given by Father
Walshe of St. Joseph's Church in this
city, who had been notified by tele
phone by the clergyman .who per
formed the ceremony.
When the engagement of Miss Wal
ter and Martin was announced no time
was set for the wedding. Martin was
here Tuesday and Miss Walter accom
panied him ostensibly to San Fran
cisco, saying that they would
attend a matinee there that day
and that she would then visit
that day and that she would then visit
friends for several days. The young
ccuple, however, changed their plans
and went to Fresno, where they were
married yesterday by Rev. Father. Mc-
Carthy. Soon as the marriage was per
formed Father McCarthy called up Fa
ther Walshe and asked him to tell Miss
Walter's fa"mlly. Fresno, was selected
because Miss Le'nore O'Neill, who was
to act as bridesmand at the wedding,
resides there.
. Miss Walter is the daughter of Mrs.
Carrie Stevens Walter. She is pretty,
an accomplished musician and a gen
eral favorite in society circles in this
city. She is the sister of City Clerk
Roy Walter of this city. Martin is the
son of the late Camilo Martin, who
was the Spanish Consul at San Fran
cisco for forty years. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STEALS MARCH
ON HER FAMILY
DISPUTES WILL
BE ADJUSTED
Pardee at Riverside.
RIVERSIDE, Oct. 14. — Governor
Pardee arrived here unannounced this
ESOPUS. N. Y.. Oct. 14. — Judge
Parker went to Kingston to-day and
registered to vote in the Second Elec
tion District of the Ninth Ward. He
makes his voting residence at the
home of his son-in-law, Rev. Charles
Mercer Hall.
Judge Parker Registers.
SALINAS, Oct. 14. — The Republican
campaign was opened in this city to
night with a well attended meeting
under the auspices of the County Cen
tral Committee. The principal speak
ers were M. B. Harris, one of the Re
publican nominees for Presidential
elector, and former Congressman J.
A. Barham.
Republican Rally at Salinas.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14. — This was the
first day of registration in New York
city. At a late hour the returns from.
Manhattan and The Bronx showed a
smaller number of voters for the first
day than registered on the opening:
day In 1900. Returns from fourteen
districts out of thirty-six showed that
4-}, 401 names had been placed on the
list against 46,304 on the first day In
1&00. Complete returns from Brook
lyn show to-day's registration In the
twenty-one districts to have been 92.
855 as compared with 92,433 In 1900.
Light Registration In New York City.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 14.— The Repub
lican campaign was opened in Santa
Rosa" this evening when Congressman
James McLachlan of Los Angeles and
Judge Frank H. Short of Fresno spoke
at the Athenaeum. One thousand peo
ple, were present and much enthusi
asm prevailed. Chairman C. H. Pond
of the Republican County Central Com
mittee called the meeting to order.
After reading the list of vice presidents
for the evening he introduced Judge
R- F. Crawford as chairman of the
meeting. The latter m=de a short ad
dress before introducing Judge Short.
Short opened his address by saying
that he always liked to talk on Repub
lican principles. He spoke of the two
recent national conventions, being a
member of one and a spectator at the
other. He was instructed and enter
tained at the Republican convention,
he said, and amused at the Democrat
ic convention. He took up the Demo
cratic charge that President Roosevelt
is a dangerous man ana told of Con
gressman Livernash in a recent speech
picturing the President with spurs and
sword. Colonel Roosevelt, said Short,
vore both sword and spurs at San
Juan Hill and did not disgrace either.
He called attention to the fact that
George Washington, IT. S. Grant, R.
B. Hayes. J. A. Garfield and William
McKinley were all military men and
soldiers.
Congressman McLachlan talked with
Name of Congressional Nominee
Arouses Santa Rosa Voters.
CHEERS FOR McKINLAY.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 14. — The po
litical sentiment of Sacramento voters
was shown to-night by rival excur
sions, the Democrats running an ex
cursion to Woodland and the Repub
licans an excursion to Folsom. The
latter excursion was given as a dem
onstration in favor of Duncan E. Mc-
Kinlay. The relative size of the ex
cursions justified the claim of the Re
publican managers that the capital
city is in line for McKinlay. The Fol
som train was crowded, fully 350 en
thusiasts filling the coaches, while but
200 Sacramentans made the trip to
Woodland to hear the Democratic
nominee.
The "Rough Riders" headed by the
Native Sons' band paraded to the Mc-
Kinlay train and raised the enthusi
asm to a high pitch and an immense
crowd at Folsom accorded the party
leaders an ovation. Addresses were
made by the local candidate, the
speech of the evening being a splen
did effort by McKinlay. Senator R. T.
Devlin also spoke.
Strength of Congressional Nominee
Revealed by an Excursion.
SACRAMENTO FOR McKINLAY.
Bryan's speech to-night was much
the same as other speeches delivered
en route to this city. He spoke espe
cially to the advocates of free silver,
saying that the Republican party was
depending upon them for victory in
November. Bryan said he would more
appreciate their support of the Dem
ocratic ticket this year than in the
campaign of 1896 or 1900.
RICHMOND, Ind., Oct 14.— In ex
cellent physical condition, notwith
standing that he delivered seven
speeches, some of which occupied
more than an hour's time, en route
from Fort Wayne to this city. William
J. Bryan closed the third day of his
Indiana tour to-night with an address
at a political meeting in this city. The
hall was so crowded that it was nec
essary to hold an overflow meeting in
the open air.
Delivers Seven Speeches From Car
While En Route to Richmond.
BRYAN* IN* GOOD TRIM.
County of San Francisco, State of California —
Sir: My name has been presented as a candi
date for State Senator of the Twenty-flfth Sen
atorial District upon the Democratic trcket.
I hereby request you to cause my name to be
withdrawn from said nomination and request
that it be not printed
BAR ASSOCIATION.
At a regular meeting of the Bar As
sociation of San Francisco, . held yes
terday, the following resolution was
adopted by unanimous vote:
Resolved, That the Bar Association ot San
Francisco does hereby recommend and Indorse
for election as Judee? of the Superior Court
for the city and county of Ean Francisco, at
the Impending election, the -following candi
dates who are now incumbents of the office,
namely;. Hon. J. M. Seawell. Hon. James M.
Troutt, Hon. Frank J. Murasky and Hon.
Frank H. Kerrigan. „—,«.»
Attest: GEORGE J. MARTIN.
Secretary San Francisco Bar Association.
Among those present at the meeting
were the following members:
D. E. Altxander. J. M. Allen A. R. Bald
win Harmon Bell. H. U. Brandensteln F. S.
Brittain, I I. Brown. O. L. M.
Burnett. Charles S. Burnell, H. C. Campbell.
Joseph P. Chamberlain. A. Comte Jr.. T C.
Coo/an. O. K. Cushln*. F. P. Dee rln *.
Thomas M. Diviny. Henry Eickhoff Edward
S Fowler N H Frank, A. C. Freeman,
Isaac Frohman. Robert M. Fitzgerald P. O.
Galpln, L. A. Gibbons. W. S. Goodfellow R.
S Gray Warren Grenory. J. S. Hankins.
Charles F. Hanlon. Richard C. Harrison Rob
ert Harrison, R. W. Harrison. Benjamin
Healey. B. L. Hod&head. R T. Harding, Les
ter H. Jacobs. M. B. KelloRgr. W B. Koll
myer. Samuel Knisht J. P. Lanshorne J.
W. Llllenthal. Curtis H. Llndley. O K. Mc-
Murray J H. Mee, George J. Martin, H. B.
Montague. Thomas B. Molloy. A. Morgenthal.
J. C McKlnstry. Joseph Napthaly. John
O'Gara Hon Warren Olney. Warren Olney
Jr. Emll Pohll. E. J. Jflngle. J B. Rein
stein. E. H. Rixford. WC. Sharpstein. Charles
W. Slack. James S. Spllman. Edward R. Tay
lor Joseph S. Tobin. George V . Towle Wil
11am C Tait T C Van Ness. Charles S.
Wheeler, John R." Wilson. E. B. Young.
An exceedingly well attended meeting
of the German Republican Club took
place at the Odeon, O'Farrell street,
last night.
In the absence of Colonel Wieneke,
the president, C. B. Rode, first vice
president, occupied the chair and Mr.
Fuhrmann acted as secretary.
Rousing speeches were made by
Julius Kahn, who was enrolled as a
member, and by Judge Bahrs, A. Eng
mann, Charles Alpers and several
others.
The committee to interview the chair
man of the Central Republican Com
mittee, General Stone, about a mass
meeting of German-Americans previous
to the election reported that all ar
rangements had been made, and Satur
day, October 29. been set aside. It
will take place in ,the .Alhambra, and
besides leading Germans' the Congres
sional candidates, Bahrs and Hayes,
will address the audience. Good music,
vocal and orchestral, will be provided.
A press and promotion committee
consisting of Messrs. W. de St. Paul
Seitz, A. Van der Naillen and Oscar
Tolle was appointed.
The club adjourned to meet again on
Tuesday, October 28, at 8 p. m. at Odeon
Hall.
Speeehmaking Begins to Tell on Demo
cratic Vice Presidential Candidate.
PARKERSBURG, W. Va.. Oct. 14.
Four days of continuous speechmak
ing Is beginning to tell on the vocal
powers of Henry G. Davis, Democratic
Vice Presidential candidate. Aside
from hoarseness, however. Davis
seems as fit as when he began his
continuous performance tour of his
own State.
"I am sure that If Alton B. Parker
shall be elected President he will en
deavor to have the DeDartment of
Commerce and Labor divided and see
to lt that a practical labor man, a
genuine and intelligent representative
of labor interests, will have the place
devoted to labor Interests, as waa
originally intended, and a man de
voted to the Interests of commerce at
the head of the commerce depart
ment."
This was David B. Hill's contribu
tion to the campaign to-day. To it he
added: "Our candidate for President,
while always impartially enforcing the
laws, has always been friendly to the
interests of those who work."
DAVIS LOSES HIS VOICE.
McLachlan recalled how the admin
istration of Harrison paid off more than
a quarter of a billion of the national
debt, and how under the next Demo
cratic administration the nation went
over a quarter of a billion in debt.
When McKlnley assumed the reins,
said the speaker, and a protective
tariff was established, immediately the
prosperity returned.
McLachlan then described the efforts
to defeat the Dingley bill. He said he
was employed by the Chamber of Com
merce of Los Angeles County to stay
in Washington to look after the inter
ests of the producers of Barlow's dis
trict when the Dingley bill was framed.
The bill was passed, said McLachlan,
but he had to sit up In the gallery In
the House of Representatives when it
came up and see his Congressman
vote against it. He then urged the
voters of this district to stand by Dun
can McKinlay and see that he is sent
to Washington, or they might find
themselves in Just the same position as
the voters in the old Sixth during the
tariff revision.
The meeting was closed by three
rousing cheers for Roosevelt and Fair
banks and Duncan E. McKinlay.
a good, clear voice and held the au
dience to the end. He called attention
to the campaign of 1S92, and said-that
this campaign is like It. Then, he said,
the" Democrats said to the voter: "Put
us in power and we will tear down this
Republican protection, and then you
can buy a suit of clothes for one-half
what you are now paying." "You can
remember,"' he said, "what happened
after the election of 1892, when we
found Cleveland in the President's
chair and a Democratic Congress. You
know what hard times the country had
during Cleveland's administration."
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 14. — A steady
rainfall kept most people Indoors this
morning, but it had little effect on the
canvass of Duncan E. McKinlay, the
candidate for Congress, who put in the
time to good effect in meeting the
business men and their employes.
McKinlay met hundreds of Sacra
mentans. during the day and made
friends as rapidly as he was intro
duced. At noon McKinlay made his
second address to the men at the rail
road shops. He spoke of the certainty
of success for President Roosevelt,
who. will, he said, carry California by
60,000 majority. The voters were
warned, however, of the effort being
made by the Democrats to secure six
teen additional votes in the House of
Representatives, to control that body
and hamper the admlnstration of Pres
ident Roosevelt. The differences be
tween the two great parties, as ap
plied to the working men, were fully
explained, the speaker showing how
the millions of unemployed men under
Cleveland's administration have found
profitable work under Republican rule.
Local coloring was given this point
when McKinlay .cited instances with
in the personal knowledge of his
hearers. McKinlay spoke of his own
experience as a workman and prom
ised, if elected to Congress, to make
his first duty the conservation of poli
cies that will work to the best advan
tage of the wage Earners. He eulo
gized President Roosevelt as an earn
est, consistent friend of labor and
quoted figures to show that in this re
spect he is fully in touch with the
party during its entire history..
Two hundred men gathered about
the speaker during his remarks, while
as many more reached the spot in time
to hear a portion of his remarks. At
the close he greeted many of the men
whom he knew. He received many as
surances of support, not only from old
acquaintances, but from those whom
he met for the first time.
morning. The Republican State Com
mittee made a mistake in the date of
the big rally here and the Governor
came a day early.
Nominees Tor Jufliciary Intlorsetl
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEES FOR CONGRESS IN THE FOURTH AND FIFTH DIS
TRICTS WHO ADDRESSED A LARGE AND ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE
AT THE BIG RALLY OF THE PARTT IN THE ALHAMBRA LAST NIGHT.
The Republicans will formally open
the Congressional campaign In the
Fourth and Fifth districts with a rous
ing meeting at the Alhambra Theater
this evening.
Colonel George H. Pippy, nominee
for Presidential Elector, will preside.
Hon. Frank P. Flint of Los Angeles,
Julius Kahn, Republican candidate for
Congress in the Fourth, and E. A.
Hayes, the nominee of the party in the
Fifth district, will address the audi
ence. Aside from the Inspiring speeches
there will be music by the band and
singing by the Stanford University
quartet. It is the Judgment of well
posted politicians that Kahn and Hayes
will be elected to Congress. As election
day approaches the signs of victory for
the Republicans in every Congressional
district of the State grow brighter.
SUPREME COURT.
Louis Ferrari will receive no aid from
the Supreme Court in his fight to com
pel the Election Commission to place
his name on the official ballot as a
candidate for Justice of the Peace. He
may commence an action in some tri
bunal of inferior jurisdiction, but the
contest will probably not be ended un
til long after the approaching election.
The Supreme Court in denying Fer
rari's petition says: "Writ denied with
out prejudice upon the ground that
this court cannot entertain as original
proceedings controversies of this char
acter of purely local interest and af
fecting only candidates for county or
municipal offices."
Ferrari petitioned the Superior Court
yesterday afternoon for a writ of man
damus compelling the Election Com
missioners to place his name as Demo
cratic candidate for Justice of the
Peace on the official ballot.
MASON* THOMAS DECLINES.
Mason Thomas declined the Demo
cratic nomination for State Senator.
The following letter explains his posi
tion:
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 13.
To H. Petsch. Chairman of the Twenty-fifth
Senatorial District Democratic Convention —
Dear Sir: I hereby tender my resignation as
the nominee of the Twenty-flfth Senatorial
District Democratic Convention for the office
of State Senator from said district.
In so doins I desire to express my sincere
thanks to the gentlemen who composed said
convention and my many loyal friends and
supporters for the honor conferred upon me
and their support of my candidacy.
The present disorganized condition of the
Democratic party, together with the non-sup
port of that faction of the party In this dis
trict known as the county committee or McNab
faction, many of whom are openly supporting
my Republican opponent, convinces me that
success of my candidacy is an impossibility,
and I decline to allow myself and friends to
be sacrificed. Very -pecmil^yours^^^
The letter to the committee is supple
mented by this request to the Regis
trar:
To the Registrar of Voters of the City and
Roosevelt is as an issue of this campaign it
does not approach in Importance, it seems to
me the trust and labor questions as issues
in 'this campaign. Last night in this hall I
d.scussed some aspects of the labor question,
and because of pressure of time I shall not
now pause to deal with it. but I wish to-night
to say with emphasis that the gravest Ques
tion aside from the negro question, confront
ing us as a nation is the trust question; and
I wiFh to add that in my opinion, formed after
much studv the trusts will never be treated
as they should be by the Federal Government
until we have a change of administration.
The only really important move the Re
publican party has made against the trusts
was In the menrer case, and that prosecution
had its orieln in action not of the adminis
tration but of the Governors and Attorney
Generals of several States. The failure to
move earnestly should be considered. I think,
side bv side with the astonishing Increase of
the number and Dower of American trusts
since 1^97. I have ceased to look for ag
gressive action in so far as the trusts are con
cerned until the Democratic party is given the
power to take action.
I am net well enough to-night to speak at
greater length, although I had planned to do
so for I have many things to lay before the
people of this city concerning recent acts and
omii-sions of the Federal Government, but I
cannot close without appealing to men of all
parties to reflect on the baste purposes of our
republic, the lofty Ideals of Us founders and
defenders and the distance we have drifted
from those purposes, those Ideals. I would
be glad to see a campaign revival of .the
patriotism of our land — a rekindling of en
thusiasm for the Declaration of Independence,
a bi-rit of love for the. Federal Constitution.
Ah ladies and gentlemen, if we would pitch
our elections to the note sounded In those great
instruments what a new birth of freedom
would be witnessed by the nations of the
Mr. Livernash concluded with words
of commendation for Parker and Da
vis, and by calling on the audience to
join in the singing of "America."
Charles Edelman. candidate for the
Assembly in the Forty-fourth District,
followed Mr. Livernash and asked the
support of the audience not only for
himself, but for all the Democratic
candidates. Another song by the
quartet was applauded and then, with
three cheers for Parker and Davis,
the meeting adjourned.
Kalin Addresses Foresters.
At a high jinks, held by Magnolia
Court No. 29 of the Order of Foresters,
Julius ,Kahn, candidate for Congress,
delivered an address last night. His
improvised speech caused his audi
ence to burst into cheers. Before the
candidate spoke Frank Kerrigan and
James Gallagher entertained the meet
ing with- stories.
Congressman Edward J. Livernash
and William J. Wynn. candidates for
re-election to the House of Represent
atives from the Fourth and Fifth dis
tricts respectively, were the principal
speakers last evening at a mass meet
ing held in the Alhambra Theater un
der the direction of the Iroquois Club.
The house was well filled and enthus
iasm was not lacking.
John H. Kline, grand sachem of the
Iroquois Club, announced the pur
pose of the meeting and then intro
duced William ill Cannon, a past sa
chem of the club, as chairman of the
evening. Mr. Cannon said that con
sidering the inclemency of the weather
the Iroquois Club and the candidates
lt supported had reason to be proud
that the announcement of its meeting
had called out such a large and rep
resentative audience. He then brief
ly analyzed the issues of the campaign
and concluded by urging all to lend
their aid in placing in the Presiden
tial chair Alton B. Parker. The name
of the Democratic standard bearer
was greeted with cheers.
A song by the Iroquois Club quar
tet, excellently rendered, met with an
encore and this concluded, the chair
man introduced Mr. Wynn. Wynn
met with a cordial reception, for
which he expressed appreciation. In
part Mr. Wynn said:
This demonstration reminds me of two
years ago when I stood befcre you. my shop
mates and friend*, ar.d asked for your support.
When I appeared before you at that time I
told you that if I were elected I would be
honest and faithful and would serve your in
terests. I a*k you to-night if I have kept my
promise. <Several ca'ls of "You bet" encour
ared Mr. Wynn at this point to further ef
iortj
If durinz my public life I have made any
mistakes they have cot been intentional, and
one thing I can say is that no man in tbls na
tion can say that I have betrayed the people
that I spranc from.
COMMENDS LJVERXASH.
In conclusion Mr. Wynn paid a trib
ute to his colleague, Edward J. Liver
nash, and said that they had agreed
to fight their battles together to vic
tory or defeat, but if victory were
theirs he could assure the people that
they would serve them as they have in
the past.
Mr. Wynn was followed by "William
T. "White, candidate for Superior
Judge, who Fpoke at some length on
the issues of the campaign. Two
more songs by the quartet were en
joyed and then Judge Frank J. Mu
rasky, candidate for re-election to the
Superior bench, was introduced. Judge
Murasky impressed his audience by
saying that it would embarrass him to
make a political speech while a candi
date for the bench and therefore he
would Pimply say to the audience that
if re-elected he would do as he had
done in the past — give equal Justice
to rich and poor alike — which, he be
lieved, was all that any honest person
could ask of a court. H4s remarks
were warmly applauded.
Charles A. Sweigert was called upon
to make a speech and then Chairman
Cannon called upon Livernash, and he
was greeted with cheers. Mr. Liver
nash delivered the most effective
speech of the evening. "While he was
speaking of the great Question that
confronts the South — the question of
the negro — he stopped suddenly and
called upon the quartet to sing "My
Old Kentucky Home." The audience
caught the sentiment and the speak
er's point was won- This, said Liv
ernash, was to let the people know
that the race from which this song
sprang was a race with a heart and
through its heart . would come the
Mrs. Baker's Will Is Filed.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 14.— The will of
Mrs. Maria C. Baker, widow of the
late Rev. G. R. Baker, was filed for
probate to-day. The estate is valued
at $50,000. Baker and Gertrude
Blanchard are left $5000 each and
$10,000 is divided between Thome,
Gladys and Wentworth Baker, grand
children of the deceased. The home
on the alameda is left to her daugh
ter, Mrs. Lulu Blanchard, and another
piece of property is given to her son,
Charles W. Baker of Cincinnati, Ohio.
The rest of the estate is left to Mrs.
Blanchard for use during her lifetime
and at her death is to be divided be
tween the grandchildren that are liv
ing.
"We like all. sorts of boys, but boys
"are abused so much that, we are par
ticularly fond ; of good ones. : If = you
know a good boy, let ? us , hear about
him. We would like to praise him.
ligrht of civilization, not through strife
and bitter hope. Mr. Llvernash's
speech in part was as follows:
I would indeed be made of callous stuff
were I not deeply affected by the kind things
that have been said of me here to-night by
the speakers that have preceded me. I am
especially touched by the commendation of my
friend Wynn, and here I want to speak of
him. I want to testify before you all that I
know that In public life he has kept the faith.
I had abundant opportunity to watch his ca
reer and I can ?av that he has done his duty
without fear or favor.
REFERS TO XIGHT BEFORE.
I was much amused In this hall last night
fry a prodigiously impassioned and deafening
attack upon me by a gentleman I have not the
felicity of knowing, but who happens to be a
candidate for a seat upon the Superior bench
of this city and county. The worthy Don
Quixote de la Mancha surely was not more de
lightfully valiant in his famous charge upon
the windmill than was my well-intending critic
in his turious onslaught upon me for what he
conceived to be my views of President Roose
velt.
He looked my estimate of Mr. Roosevelt up
and down and across and over and, clearly
ptrceivin- that I was terribly wrong in that
estimate, and feeling himself so much the bet
ter informed concerning our President, he bore
down upon me In a fashion very comforting,
though doubtless very wearying to, him and
affording to me a very grateful sense of gay
ety in a campaign too much affected with
gravity.
But. now that the gentleman has eased his
immortal, soul, may I emerge cautiously from
the wreck of worlds and observe that I never
fcr an instant entertained the sort of views
lie was generous enough to attribute to me in
tones which must have reached Sausalito and
the Farallones? The gentleman's point of view
was somev.hat unfortunate, though his heart
was all right.
Certainly the Democratic party and its can
didates are not. as the gentleman last night
believed, denying the value of Just wars, the
glory of our great soldiers or the courage and
patriotism of Theodore Roosevelt. One may.
however, without disrespect of the President,
and without forgetting his valor In Cuba,
doubt the wisdom of having in the White
House a citizen thinking just as Mr. Roose
velt appears to think about the relation of
the soldier to civilization.
I am very sure that some of the most
thoughtful statesmen of the Republican party
entertain strong fears lest the impulsiveness
of Mr. Roosevelt, operating with his convic
tions about "the big stick." shall plunge the
nation into needless war. war not prcmctive
of our interest or our Ideals. I am also aware,
of course, that many who really have fears of
that sort arc now, under pressure of partisan
ship — the partisanship Washington bade in
beware — picturing Mr. Roosevelt as a some
what muscular angel of peace. If he wer«
the Democratic candidate for the Presidency
instead of the Republican candidate they
might be otherwljp employed; and their pic
tures should not distract us from the real
Roosex-elt.
ROOSEVELT IS FORCEFUL.
Th? JwrrevEivc-f-is of tho I'rfc«i,i;nt t ..ikes
mm unrafe, but I do net mean to inunm»
that hit aggressiveness is noi rooua m iii
actniraWc nature. I very mum admiro many
of the qualities of Theodore Roowc't He
U a forceful, honorable man. Th» trouble Is
one cn-i:iot say what his forcefulr.^s will lend
U.. I think he cannot say himself ••Oh
nainn-s'" cried a little girl. "I stared t o
make try doll a bonnet and if* come out a
pair of r>ants." Ills own party never can
tell what lie* ahead when Mr. Itoosevelt
•¦tarts to make a- bonnet.
Peculiarly unfortunate has been his agjrres
sivenew la dealing with the South. I have
never doubted that he has all a!on< Intended
well by all the people, black and white who
live In Dixie; but of what avail his intent
when the actual result* of his aggressiveness
have been disastrous? He has turned from the
pacific and cautious policy of William McKin
ley. certainly one of the most kindly of men
la his attitude toward the negroes, and, with
out full knowledge of the Intricate and diffi
cult problem presented by the negTo popula
tion of the Southern States, has plunged head-
Ions Into an attempt to settle that problem
his way. whether those more familiar than
himself with it approve or disapprove. I am
but staling a fact within the knowledge of
all who have follows the Crum case In the
Senate when I say that the leading Repub
licans of the country are standing loyally by
the policy of McKlnley and are not support
ing Mr. Roosevelt in his rash desire to oblige
the Southern people to deal with the black
race Just as he has concluded they ought to
deal with it. At Washington the strongest
Republican statesmen are of one mind with
the strongest Democratic statesmen in regard
ing the negro question as something to be
kept free of the gangrene of partisanship, and
to be left, so far as may be, to be settled by
the men and women, black and white, who
best understand it acid are most affected by
it. The black people are not afraid of the
Southern Whites. They know the Southern
whites are their best friends. Together the
Southerner* of our own race and the negroes
when* lot has been cast with them, will work
out this tremendous problem, peacefully and
conservatively as God wills. The interven
tion of Mr. Roosevelt has been productive of
harm. It ought to be discouraged.
Ixoporta&t though the personality of Kr.
GREAT ENTHUSIASM ATTENDS OPENING
OF THE CAMPAIGN IN CITY OF ROSES
REPUBLICANS TO-NIGHT
BEGIN CONGRESSIONAL
BATTLE IN THIS CITY
Republican Nominee for Congress Spends
Busy Day Among the Citizens of
the Capital City.
Congressmen Livernash and Wynn
Speak at the Alhambra.
Iroquois Club Holds Mass Meeting
McKINLAY'S
STIRRING WORDS WIN HIM PLAUDITS OF THOUSANDS
OF VOTERS AND ASSURANCE OF SUCCESS AT POLLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER - 15, 1904.
3
: : 4.
FREE — FREE • FREE.
LUNCH— DINNER— TEA.
CREPE PAPER —
— SETS — : —
Consisting of — —
TABLE CLOTH,
12 NAPKINS,
12 DOILIES.
As a Table Ornament Nothing
Could Be More Desirable
or Serviceable.
A SET FREE
.WITH WANT ADS.
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
" = See announcement on classi-
fied page.-
DO AX'S PjCLLS.
FAIR EipGE
A New Bacfc for an Old One —
How It Is Done in San
Francisco.
The back aches at times with a
dull, indescribable reeling, making
you weary and restless; piercing
pains shoot across the region of the
kidneys, and again the loins are so
lame to stoop is agony. No use to
rub or apply a plaster to the back
in this condition. You cannot reach
the cause. Exchange the bad back
for a new and strong one — follow the
example of this San Francisco citi-
zen:
John P. Bryson, cook, of 537 Na-
toma street, says: "I had pain in -the
kidneys for eight months before I
used Doan's Kidney Pills. Some-
times it was worse than others and
sometimes of longer duration, but
as the area affected was right across
the small of the back, over the kid-
neys, I knew those organs were the
cause of the entire trouble. A short
time after I used Doan's Kidney
Pills the aching disappeared, and
what to me is of considerable more
importance is the fact I have had
complete immunity from pain dur-
ing the last six months."
For sale by all dealers. Price. 50c.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo. N. Y.,
sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
•take no substitute.
TEACH THS CHILDREN
A 'delicious dentifrice makes the tooth*
brush lesson easy. •SOZODONT Is a fra-
grant liquid cleanser, penetrating ths Iittla
crevices of the teeth it purifies them.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
polishes the delicate enamel, but does not
scratch, thus it prevents the accumulation
of tartar, without Injuring the enamel, a
property found only In SOZODONT.
f FORMS: LIQUID. POWDER, PASTS, _jINJURED IN STEPPING OFF CAR.— Miss
Emily Downinc of 2521 V4 California street
was Injured while stepping off a Halght-strept
car before it stopped yesterday afternoon. She
was treated' at the Park Hospital . for s lacera
tions of the scalp and possible fracture of the
$2.00' buys a card Index drawer, BOO
record cards and 25 guide cards. ! Loose
leaf ledgers, price books and good print
ing. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st.»
Card Systems and Cabinets.
The Grand Lodge, Free and Accept
ed Masons, elected the following of
ficers yesterday to serve for the cur
rent year: Charles W. Hunter, grand
master; Motley H. Flint, deputy grand
master; Edward H. Hart, senior war
den; George N. -Perrine, junior war
den; Edward Coleman, treasurer, and
Oeorge Johnson, secretary. These and
the appointed officers named by the
grand master were ': installed, after
¦nhlch the grand body was called off
untllnext October.
Grand Lodge Officers.
WILL REHEAKS13 fOH IMG BALL.— Th<
Gaelic Danclnu Club will hold a special re
hearsal to-morrow afternoon at Scottish Hall,
Larkln and Grove streets, for the grand ball
to be jrlven at Mechanics' Pavilion on Octo.
ber 29.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14. — Robert B.
Roosevelt, uncle of the President, is
dangerously 111 in his country home
•near Saiville, Long Island. Roosevelt,
though 80 years old, is energetic and
keenly devoted to outdoor sports, and
his illness is attributed to a severe
cold contracted during: the recent au
tomobile cup race. He was Minister
to The Netherlands during President
Cleveland's first administration.
Robert I*. Roosevelt, Eighty Years
Old, Dangerously 111 at
Ills Home.
IINCLK OF THE PRESIDENT
SAID TO BE NEAR DEATH
James Means' Shoes for men are hon
est Shoes at an honest price. Sold from
factory to wearer "by James Means' J2.50
and $3.00 Shoe Store, 16 Fourth street.
Catalogue • free. .¦'*'. • C
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 14.
In the midyear elections to the board
of editors of the Chaparral, Stanford's
josh periodical, Joel Nibley, was ap
pointed one of the assistant editors.
Nibley is from Salt Lake City.
New Humorist at Stanford.
You may not get a chance to see another
world's" fair for many years, and now Is the
v?ry best time to go to St. Louis. Four dates
still remain when the Southern Pacific will
sell tickets nt reduced rates — October 19. 20,
20 and 'il. The round trip to St. Louis is
$»;" 50; to Chicago. $72 BO. Low rates to
Eastern points. Return limit December 31.
Choice of routes and trains, and liberal
Ktoi»ovcr9 via Southern Pacific. A*k for full
particulars of agents at 013 Market street. •
Only Four More Chances for Reduced
Hates.
SALINAS, Oct. 14. — Application
was made before Judge ,B. V. Sargent
of the Superior Court this afternoon
by Attorney H. G. W. Dinkelspiel of
San Francisco on behalf of. Mrs. Cor
nelia McGhee Tevls as i guardian of
Hugh Tevis, a minor, for permission to*
take the minor out of the State. Al
though the child Is already on the way
to Europe with the mother the court
granted the permission in order to le
galize the absence. ¦ ¦
Mrs. Tevis Legalizes Absence.
REDDING, Oct. 14. — A mile of rail
way track and three bridges on the
lumber railway branching out of Sis
son were swept away to-day by the
storm-swollen Sacramento River. The
railroad connects Rainbow Camp with
Sisson. It parallels the Sacramento
River for a mile. The river is usually
but a mere creek there, but extended
rains have swollen it so that it reach
ed the track and caused a loss of $10,
000. .. -.- ¦ j : ;
Sacramento River Overflows Banks
Near SIsson and Causes Loss of
$10,000 to Railroad.
RENO, Oct. 14. — The mangled re
mains of Mrs. John Thomas, a half
breed Indian woman, who was edu
cated at Stewart Institute at Carson
City, were found strewn along the Vir
ginia and Truckee roadbed at Long
Siding, near Reno, this morning, hav
ing- been run over ; by the passenger
train of the night before. •
Train Kills Indian Woman.
DON'T MISS THE WORLD'S FAIR.
THREE BRIDGES AND MILE
OF TRACK WASHED AWAY
SAN JOSE, Oct. 14. — Richard
Robertson and Joseph R. Hanley
robbed the dwelling of Charles E.
Jefferson at 122 East St. John streft
to-night and swapped suits of clothing
with their victim. They were start-
Ing out to dispose of. their booty when
arrested by Deputy Sheriff Starbird.
Aside from the clothing only a few
pieces of jewelry were secured. Both
men, who are ex-convicts, have con
fessed.
San Jose Residence. Robbed.
English Primate Sails for Home.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— The Arch
bishop of Canterbury and his party
sailed for home to-day on the White
Star liner Cedric.
REDDING. , Oct. 14. — The North
Mountain Power Company, which is
installing an electric plant near Junc
tion City. Trinity County, for the pur
pose of supplying light and power to
Eureka, Humboldt County, planned to
float the steel pipe down Trinity River
to the plant. The pipe Is thirty-six
inches in diameter. The ends of the
lengths of pipe were plugged up and
they were floated down stream suc
cessfully until the high water of to
day swept nine lengths of expensive
pipe seaward.
Valuable Pipe Destined for Use at
Eureka Is Carried Seaward by
Strong Currents.
Burglars at Work In Napa.
NAPA. Oct. 14. — A daring burglary
was committed at the residence of Jos.
Scsselli, .a short distance from Napa.
Thursday evening. The residence was
broken into by John Kelly and Wil
liam Sullivan. The burglars secured
a valuable shotgun, watch and consid
erable liquor In bottles. After a long
search Kelly was arrested by Con
stable Spurr at St. Helena. Sullivan
managed to elude arrest.
SCHEME OF ENGINEERS
IS DEFEATED BY TIDES
Steamer, 31 ill and Wharf Burned.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 14. — The
coasting steamer Nell, Port. Simpson,
B. C, was burned to the water's edge
last Monday at Georgetown Mill, near
Port Simpson, B. C, together with the
lumber wharf, lumber stacks and
mill buildings, Involving a loss of $25,
000, with only $2000 insurance? The
Nell had a number of horses on board,
which the captain ordered shot when
he saw it was impossible to save the
steamer. •
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 14. — The So
noma County Medical Society held an
Interesting session Thursday after
noon at Eldredge. Dr. William O.
Dawson. superintendent of the Home
for Feeble Minded, read a paper on
"Imbecility and Insanity." Dr. Daw
son used human subjects in illustrat
ing his paper. After the session of
the society the physicians and their
wives were the guests of Dr. and Mra.
Dawson at a luncheon.
Sonoma County Doctors Meet.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 14.— Baby
Meredith Winters, the year-old chlltl
of Joseph W. Winters, was burned to
death this morning while playing on
the kitchen floor. The mother had
gone to a store for a few moments,
leaving the baby alone. A gasoline
stove was left burning, but turna«l
down low. In some way the child's
clothes caught fire and it was deid
when the mother returned.
Mother Leaves Little One I'laylng in
Kitchen and Her Clothes
Cateh Fire.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 14.
The authorities of the university are
highly incensed over tlie reports con
cerning the prevalence of diphtheria at
Stanford and vicinity. While it is true
that two football players, U. H. Dole
and W. K. Roosevelt, were at one time
conlined to the hospital because of the
disease, both are now out on the foot
ball field and there has been no" spread
of contagion- No order has been is
sued by Dr. Jordan requiring inocula
tion as a preventive measure among
the football men and n« such order will
be sent out. "It is a mere scare," said
Dr. Snow, health officer for the univer
sity, "and at no time has there been
enough diphtheria here to cause any
alarm. Antitoxin has been advised to
those who have come In contact with
the diphtheria in Palo Alto and May
lleld."
Special Dlcpatch to The Call
YEAR-OLD CHILD BURXED
TO DEATH IN LOS ANGELES
Major William Steplienson, surgeon,
now in New York City on leave of ab
sence, will proceed to Fort Snelllng,
Minn., and report to the commanding
officer of the Twenty-first Infantry for
duty and will accompany that regiment
to San Francisco, Cal. Private Alex
ander Forsberg of the Hospital corps,
Fort McDowell, Cal., is transferred to
the band of the Thirteenth Infantry,
stationed at that post.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 14.— Under or
ders of the War Department Sergeant
Frank Holt of the hosp.-tal corps, now
with Company B of the hospital corps
at the Presidio, San Francisco, is re
lieved from duty in the Philippines Di
vision and will be sent to Fort Mason,
California, to relieve Sergeant of the
First Class Victor Dupont of the hos
pital corps. Sergeant Dupont will be
s^nt to Fort Stevens, Oregon, to relieve
Sergeant Charles Elliott of the hos
pital corps. Sergeant Elliott will be
sent to Fort Canby, Washington. Pri
vate James F. O'Donnell, who deserted
August 11, 1902, from Company F, Thir
teenth Infantry, and w«io surrendered
on August* 12, 1904, while serving In
Company D of the Twelfth Infantry In
the Philippine Islands under the name
of James Allen, and 'who has been held
tc service In the latter company with
out trial for fraudulent enlistment, will
be discharged without honor from
Company. F of the Thirteenth Infantry
by reason of desertion, by the com
manding olficer at Alcatraz Island. Cal.
Anns* Orders From Washington.
In this letter Griffith sought to
break his engagement to Miss Mary
Agnes Christina Mesmer, he tells her
he is reluctantly compelled to state
that he fears she is a tool in the hands
of her father. He charges that she
misrepresented her wealth to him,
thut she and her father are trying to
impose on him, and asks that he be re
leased from the engagement. The let
ter created a sensation in court, having
been often hinted at.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 14. — In to
day's trial of the suit of Silent &
Works against Griffith J. Griffith for
$20,000 attorneys' fees an interesting
letter written January 8/1887, to the
woman .he afterward married and last
spring tried to kill, was produced.
Sensational Letter "Written by IiOs An
geles Capitalist to Woman He
Attempted to Kill Api>ears.
GRIFFITH TRIED TO BREAK
ENGAGEMENT- TO MARRY
Story of Inoculation of
\ Stanford Football Players
] )eriouEOMl at University
ONLY A SCARE
SAYS DOCTOR
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14. — Private
advices received here from Venezuela
are to the effect that many arrests are
being made there to check a revolu
tionary movement on a large scale,
which is being directed against Presi
dent Castro's administration.
There are similar advices as to con
ditions in Hayti. where the Govern
ment is acting with great energy to
suppress all agitation.
Arrests Being Made In Order to Clierk
the Movement Before It
Breaks Forth.
VENEZUELA Til REATENED
WITH A REVOLUTION
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 14.— The marriage
of Miriam Grant, daughter of U. S.
Grant Jr., to Lieutenant U. S. Macy,
United States navy, will take place in
the East, where Miss Grant now is,
next Monday. Mr. and Mrs. Grant are
now in New York making arrange
ments for the ceremony.
The groom-to-be is well known on
this coast. He was but a short time
ago attached to the United States
training ship Adams, but when that
vessel was ordered to Samoa as a sta
tion ship he was detached and given
duty at Annapolis.
The announcement of the engage
ment of the young officer and the
charming daughter of the Grants was
made by the bride-to-be's father when
he left for New York, several days
ago. At that time he gave out that
the wedding would take place some time,
this fall, but did not intimate that the
ceremony would take place so soon
after the announcement of the engage
ment. ¦
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 14.— The Gov
ernor's office to-day announced tho
appointment of the following: dele*
gates to the Trans-Mississippi Con
gress to be held In St. Louis from Oc
tober 25 to 29: Andrew Patrick. A.
Sbarboro, Eugene Goodman, A. S.
Rulosson. R. P. Jennings and C. M.
Wooster of San Francisco; C. B.
Boothe and Frank Wiggins of Los An
geles; Colvin B. Brown of Stockton.
N. P. Chipman of Red Bluff, W. H.
Weilbye of Oakland. E. Fletcher of
San Diego, J. G. Loveren of Eureka,
J. A. Filcher of Auburn.
The following were appointed dele
gates to the National Irrigation Con
gress to be held at El Paso. Tex., No
vember 15 to 18: CM. Heintz. Ferd
K. Rule. S. W. Fergusson, Fred Alles
and J. B. Lippincott of Los Angeles;
F. H. Gould. A. Sbarboro and R. P.
Jennings of San Francisco. J. Fair
weather of Reedley. William E.
Smythe of San Diego and Scipio Craig
of Redlands.
Irrigation c
Prominent Citizen* Selected a* D««Ie
gate* to Trans-Mississippi antl
CHARMING GIRL. WHO ON MONDAY
NEXT WILL BECOME BRIDE OF
POPULAR YOUNG NAVAL OFFICER.
GOVERNOR NAMES MEN
TO REPRESENT TILE STATE
The annual convention of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association, which will
bo held in this city on December 5,
G. 7 and 8, Is the immediate cause of
a large amount of correspondence be
tween Secretary Benjamin and prac
tical miners and others concerned in
the mining industry of California. In
accordance with the decision of the
executive committee of the California
Miners* Association, the proceedings of
the coming convention will be made
Interesting by crowding into the four
days as much practical information
from technical and other sources as
possible.
The mining department of the Uni
versity of California will be called
upon to contribute information con
cerning recent experiments and ob
servations and the leading operators in
the many mining counties of Califor
nia are to be invited to furnish pa
pers dealing with mining in its vari
ous aspects. The responses will prob
ably be favorable in many instances.
This course has proved during several
years to be well adapted to holding
the attention of the delegates to the
annual conventions. No single State
has contributed more in this way to
the enlightenment of the public than
has California through the agency of
the California Miners' Association. In
addition to the routine proceedings the
mining delegates will be entertained by
excursions to various places about the
bay.
The report of a committee of the
Fan Francisco Stock Exchange rela
tive to the gold mines and prospects
at Tonopah and Goldfleld, in Nevada,
has been followed by the expected ac
tion. Several stocks that had not been
sold before in the San Francisco board
have been duly listed. One result that
may not have been fully foreseen is
th*> loss to the Tonopah stock board of
seme of its members. It is claimed
by brokers in the San Francisco board
that the brokers who have left the
Tonopah board number twenty. Now
that the stocks are before the San
Francisco board there are two agen
cies in this city that are concerned
in selling them to the public.
NEWS OF THE .MINES.
The Ironclad mine in Nevada Coun
ty recently met with an accident to its
pump? when the water had been low
ered to within twenty-five feet of the
bottom of the mine. It resulted in the
v. ater rising so fast the men were
driven out. A new pumping plant will
be installed.
The Sultana mine at Angels has been
closed.
The San Andreas Blue Gravel Min
ing Company has been organized to
work tfold-bearing channels on the
Whitlot-k estate lands. A shaft has
bt-o-n -punk into the channel.
The Maltman mine at Angels will
br operated by the Black Oak Gold
Alining Company.
The Drummond mine at Canada
Hill, near Nevada City. has been
bonded to 13. Graves, P. Heintz and
others.
The Alaska-Treadwell Mining Com
pany, operating on Douglas Island,
Alaska, ran 240 stamps with steam
and water power 341 days in the year,
ending June 3C. In this period 404,
502 tons of ore was crushed. The
ore reserves are estimated at more
than 4.000.000 tons. The mills pro
duced in bullion $892. SS8 and $936,620
came from concentrates. The total
cost of operation was $1,064,585, in
cluding new work and all office and
other charges. The bullion received
The bill will also probably include a
provision transferring the Government
transport business to commercial lines,
which will receive a moderate subsidy
In return, in the effort to build up trade
between the United States and the
Orient. The opposition of foreign coun
tries to a direct discriminating duty on
cargoes brought to the United States
Ir. foreign bottoms may be avoided by
applying this method of subsidy only to
steamers running on no established
line, and commonly known as tramp
steamers.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 14.— On the
first day of Congress a bill will be in
troduced, embodying the views of the
Merchant Marine Commission, de
signed to build up American shipping.
It is believed that the commission has
practically agreed upon the policies to
be pursued, and that the minority, if
any, will confine itself to unimportant
phases of the subject. The commission
proposes to avoid raising opposition to
a direct subsidy measure by suggesting
that an increase in the tonnage tax
levied on the 'ships of all nations be
made, which will result in an income
of several million dollars annually, to
be devoted to the payment of subsidies.
Another indirect method of increas
ing the amount to be paid for an
American merchant marine will be
suggested in a revision of the ocean
mail subsidy act of 1S&1. An effort will
be made to encourage the establishment
of American lines to foreign port9 and
countries not now reached by Amer
ican ships. A provision will be made
for utilizing vessels thus subsidized as
auxiliary cruisers of the navy in time
of war.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Failures this week were 206 in the
United States against 208 last year and
in Canada 24, compared with 26 a year
ago.
Railway earnings in the first week
in September were 6.08 per cent lower
than in 1903. Raw wool is in good de
mand at fall prices. Recent large pur
chases of hides established prices in. a
firm position^ but are followed by less
activity.
Dun's Weekly "Review of Trade will
say to-morrow: "Progress is slow but
sure in the leading branches of manu
facture, contracts being more readily
placed for distant delivery, while the
percentage of idle machinery steadily
decreases. Satisfactory news from lead
ing iron and steel centers tends to
strengthen confidence elsewhere, as the
consumption of iron has been found a
good barometer of business conditions.
Jobbing and wholesale trade in fall and
winter wearing apparel expands grad
ually and such spring lines as are
opened meet with a fairly satisfactory
reception considering the recent Indis
position to provide for future require
ments. At many points the return of
warm weather checked the revival of
retail trade in heavy business, but as
that movement had begun much earlier
than usual the net result thus far is
better than last year."
Building operations have expanded at
some cities, being a noteworthy record
for the month of September and the
permits recently issued promise well
for the future. Labor is fairly well
employed according to the latest offi
cial trades union reports, although the
Fall River strike has lasted longer than
expected.
Our foreign trade returns are irregu
lar in that while showing record cotton
shipments for the season our wheat ex
port trade has practically disappeared,
our export flour trade has shrunk
greatly and corn shipments are likewise
very small. Provisions exports show a
shrinkage, but cattle, oil, copper. Iron
and eteel and general manufactured
exports show gains. Exports of leading
agricultural products, despite the rec
ord shipments of cotton, are the small
est for nine months reported since 1897.
The reports from leading industrial
centers are fully as good as recently
made. Lumber is active at the West,
but quiet at the East. Copper is rather
easier on reported withdrawal of ex
port demand.
Wheat, including flour, exports for
the week ending October 13 aggregate
1,337,175 bushels. Corn exports for the
week aggregate 857,716 bushels.
Business failures in the United States
for. the week ending October 13-num
ber 196, against 195 last week; 203 in
the like week in 1903, 203 in 1902. 198 in
1901, and 223 in 1900. In Canada fail
ures for the week numt>er 18 as against
1!) last week and 17 in this week a year
ago-
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— Bradstreefs
to-morrow will say: Despite irregu
larities, due to warm weather condi
tions of reductions in crop movements,
trade as a whole maintains a satisfac
tory volume. Nothing of a boom char
acter is to be noted, but many lines
show gains over the corresponding pe
riod of 1903, confirmation of this being
found in the record of September rail
road earnings. Clearings are greater
than last October's weekly totals. The
underlying confidence is perhaps best
shown by the increased ease in collec
tions, reports as to which are better
than for nearly twenty years past. The
improvement in the corn and wheat
crops, favored by exceptionally warm
weather for this season of the year, has
produced freer buying from operators
in the Central West and Northwest.
Business is also better on the Pacific
Coast.
This same warm weather, however, is
a drawback to retail business, which
needs the stimulus of sharp, cold
weather. In the Northwest rather less
activity is noted because of this, and at
the South there is a general report that
the warm, dry weather, which is fa
vorable to picking cotton, is holding
the demand back considerably. Eastern
trade also reflects unseasonable weath
er in its effect upon current demand for
fall and winter wear goods, but there
is in addition a backwardness in de
mand for dry goods. Hides and wool
are strong.
BODIE, Oct. 14.— An exceedingly
rich strike is reported from Masonic
Mountain, sixteen miles northwest of
Bodie and in Mono County. A well
defined !edge four feet in width has
been discovered. A twelve-Inch streak
assays $700 a ton and the rest of the
ledge assays at $100 a ton. Rich ore
Is being taken out at the surface anJ
sacked for shipment. The discovery
was made on Jump- Up- Joe claim,
owned by three Colorado prospectors —
Bryan, Dorsey and Phillips.
The strike has caused gTpat excite
ment here and people are stampeding
for the new diggings. The district has
been thoroughly organized and ia con
nected with Itodle by wagon road.
Claims are being staked out and the
country is being located fo miles. A
rich float has been found on Masonic
Mountain for years and the mountain
has been the scene of much prospect
ing. The strike is about three-quar
ters, of a mile north of the mountain.
The high altitude and severe climate
will not allow very active work until
spring.
Special Dispatch tr> The Call.
Assays Show That Ore Is
Worth From $100 to $700
a Ton and It Is Plentiful
Collections More Satisfac
tory Than at Any Time
During Past Two Decades
Federal Aid May Also Come
Through the 3Iails and
the Transport Business
Some interesting figures of gold pro
duction are found in the report of Di
rector Roberts of the United States
Mint. There are fourteen States and
Territories of the Union that are gold
producers. Colorado leads with $22,
000,000 in round figures; California
comes second with $16,000,000; Alaska
third with $8,000,000; South Dakota
fourth with $6,000,000; Arizona and
Montana are close together in the race
for fifth place with more than $4,000.
000 to be credited to each; then in or
der of output come Utah. Nevada,
Idaho, Oregon, Washington, New Mex
ico, South Carolina and Wyoming.
Rome surprise may be experienced
when South Carolina is enrolled in this
list, but the fact Is that South Caro
lina in 1903 had a gold output of half
the size of that credited severally to
Washington and New Mexico, its show
ing In total being $100,700.
One mining company in Smith Da
kota, the Homestake, produced last
year 1,300,000 tons of ore, the value of
which was $4,80a,558 40. It will be borne
in mind that the entire output of the
State of South Dakota was $6,000,000 in
round figures. One great mining, com
bination, therefore, gives So-uth Da
kota its position near the head of the
line.
Comparing the gold output-' of the
various countries of the world for 1903,
Australia is first with $89,000,000 to its
credit; the United States second with
$73,000,000 and Africa third with $67,
000,000. Canada and Mexico produced,
respectively, $18,000,000 and $10,000,000.
Russia leads Europe with $24,000,000 and
Colombia the Spanish American States
with $2,000,000. Among the Asiatic
countries Japan made the lowest rec
ord of output with $2,000,000 and Brit
ish India the highest with $11,000,000.
RETURNS ANALYZED.
According to the Placerville Nugget
the Landecker Mining Company has
now three tunnels that open up river
channels for several hundred feet. A
gravel mill with a capacity of 150 tons
a day is about ready to operate. The
company has 412 acres of mining
ground on the channel that was worked
eome years ago at the Big Cut.
James O'Brien has sold to R. E.
Crautor, W. C. Hendricks and others
558 acres of dredge mining land in the
Yuba River bottoms. Much of the land
has been prospected. Two dredgers
will be put on the property soon. Local
report places the cost of the land at
something like $100 an acre.
The Grass Valley Union says that
large Improvements have been ordered
for the New York-Grass Valley mine.
Including a 100-light electric plant for
the illumination of the mine; also the
erection of a sand or slime plant to
handle all the tailings from the mine.
The company has paid for its property
in full, consisting of 720 acred of pat
ented land.
Teams are excavating a space 200 f«et wide
and r.00 feet long; for the Hammon Company,
and two more dredgers will soon be at work
there. The men are cutting brush and small
trees from Fln« Island, where the dredgers
«oon will be excavating. Preparations are
under way to construct two dredgers on the
north side for the same company, and it Is
expected thest six machines all will be at work
by next summer. The two large machines now
ojtenitlnsr are constructing a double, embank
ment between twenty and thirty feet high. «ne
machine following the other and depositing its
tailings alongside the high embankment
thrown up by the first one. The agreement
with th» Government calls for a single em
bankmrnt. but Mr. Hammon. after watching
the terrific power of the Yuba River when the
winter freshets come, concluded to double the
strength <jf his work and put on more ma
chines to complete his contract by the time
required. When completed, the Yuba River
will liave a wall more than twenty feet high
with a base of 150 feet across its entire chan
nel. It is «xiiected this wall will turn the
stream and cause the water to flow through
the new cutoff. The broad expanse of river
bottom back of the wall will form a large
settling basin for future deposits of sand and
gravel. This wall will be below the barrier
being constructed by the Government and will
be about two miles in length.
The People's Cause describes the
large operations in progress at the Hal
lett farm, near Marys ville, as follows:
It If gratifying to know that Nevada County
as a mining center Is appreciated by those
living at a distance as woil as by those at
him*. Prcbabiy had we been disposed to adopt
the same tactics adopted by other mining com
munity's in aJvertising our resources to the
world, we might to-day have as larpe a popu
lation as Cripple Creek. But we have been
content to conduct our business along safer
and more conservative lln«s. permlttini? the
county through its ever increasing; product to
speak for itself. There are few mining dis
tricts richer than ours, a fact attested In my
presence recently by one of the greatest
mining authorities in America. I refer to
Prolefesor Kemp, the h^ad of the Columbia
School of Mlnea of New York.
According to the claims made by Sam
uel Butler in the Grass Valley Union
the cost of the mineral display of Ne
vada County at the St. Louis Exposi
tion is but $2500. So far a shortage of
only $200 Is in sight, and this will be
made good by the Supervisors or the
mine owners. The Tidings reports But
ler as saying:
NEVADA COUNTY'S SHOW.
from the mills was at the rate of $1.15
per ton of ore crushed; from the con
centrates $1.20 per ton.
The Keystone mine will use oil as
fuel and is installing a plant.
The Kennedy mine, in Amador Coun
ty, with additions, will soon have 100
operating: stamps.
The placer ground near the Cosumnes
River at Forest Home, Amador County,
may be dredged for gold. A bond has
been taken on one tract. Land for
dredging has also been bonded by an
other company, which has selected Sut
ter Creek as the scene of its operations.
W. F. Detert has bought the machin
ery of the abandoned Shenandoah
mine. Before operations were finally
given up at the mine the sum of $150,
000, according to the Amador Ledger,
was expended. Detert has removed
most of the* machinery to a copper
property on the Cosumnes River.
Julius Fried of San Francisco has
secured an option on the Little Amador
mine, at Amador City.
A dividend of 10 cents a share has
been declared by the Central Eureka
Mining Company.
CONFIDENCE EVIDENT
TO RAISE TONNAGE TAX
LEDGE FOUR FEET WIDE
Bradstreet Beports Gains
in Many Lines Over the
Like Period of Last Year
Merchant Marine Board Has
a Plan Which It AVill
Submit to Next Congress
Discovery of Well Defined
Gold Streak Causes Stam
pede of Miners From Bodie
Grant-Macu Nuptials to Take Place In Eas
Practical and Scientific Men Are Requested
to Appear at State Convention.
SHIP SUBSIDY
TO BE URGED
NATION'S TRADE
SHOWS GROWTH
CROSSES THE CONTINENT
TO WED N AVAL OFFICER
MONO COUNTY
STRIKE IS RICH
MINERS SEEK INFORMATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1904.
4
FREE -FREE FREE.
LUNCH— DINNER— TEA.
CREPE PAPER
_— SETS
Consisting of
TABLE CLOTH,
12 NAPKINS.
12 DOILIES.
As a Table Ornament Nothing
Could Be More Desirable
... or Serviceable.
A SET FREE
WITH WANT ADS.
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
•, See . announcement on classi-
fied page.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Dirty fingers. A
CONKLIN'S W
Self-
WH Jfpen
PEN^ that
Try Mp Fills
it. W Itself
fl $3.<!2 and up
r»ps not leak or sweat and is always
ready for use.
Kodak DfvcloplnR and Printing at
cut prices constitute one of my spe-
cialties.
Ansco Cameras and Camera Sup-
plies for all Kodaks.
Write for Information. Mall orders
promptly attended to.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 KAEKET STREET, Opp. Fifth.
SAX FRANCISCO.
j^^vEvery Woman
/V^^ JwVVfl* 1» Interested uti.l «houW know
Btt^-&!lffl M * RVEL Whirling Spray
V^CS'CS'^S^ tiovar.tt.furtum. Be§t-S«f.
l ;?r^^m- i" 1 -""" Con»enlrnt.
ll(lfumli.«Ml;.
AUTOT'rwtUtfWtt. \ A/ 4^-^Z
I! ti* cinnot »oiply tl.e V.ftOCSStf
HARVKI,, acori't no '*$?;P>-*«_
«ai»-r. t'i.1 »»-n<l iianip for ?<t, ( i~ r^</i''/i\,
i:in»ir«f-dbooV- *»»(«¦«. It rive* \V, / ''-.'¦Jr
full P«meul»r» find dlr^tioti* In- K>: I m
valuable to lortlti W.»KVI-;LtO.,Tj,. B
41 rark How, A'etr \ «rk.
162 New MontFcnif ry. Kan Francisco. Cal.
William Xlatteroth (Ladies' Dept.), 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co., 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Oacood Brothers... 7tb and Broadway, Oakland
EaJdwin Pharmacy 119 Ellis
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
CARTERSl CURE SICK HEADACia
SSnriE - • Genuine Must Bear
II kY££ FoSimila Signature
f
fljii through" 53 ™!
I TOURIST SLEEPERS I
I DATES: I
P SEPTEMBER 38. 39. 0
H OCTOBEB 3. 4. 5. 8. 19. 30. 26. 27. H
§ FROM SAN FRANCISCO: §
! Q On Southern Pacific train No. 4 at 9 a. m. with day- H
i I light ride through Salt Lake City and Scenic Colorado, 0
i H over Rio Grande Railway. All sleepers carried via ?]
' I Denver, thence East on the Burlington's fast through Jj
B trains to St. Louis. A standard through sleeper to St. tj
i B Louis every day at 6 p. m. Same route. \i
1 RATES 1 j]
I All the low Special World's Fair Excursion Rates i
g authorized from California points apply for these Bur- ?|
5 lington Excursions; other Excursions on frequent "
II dates to Chicago. * £1
fl General Affnt. W. 3D. SAVBOBS. BurUartoa Tlckrt Offlce. ' l\
IJ 631 MAJUCBT «T. (trade* Vmlmc* Xotel). H
¦ Sux STauclsco. |]The Library Association of Califor
nia held its regular monthly meeting
at the Mechanics" Institute last night.
Papers by Peter Robertson. Sidney S.
Peixotto and Martin C. Flaherty were
listened to by a large audience.
Library Association 3leets.
Lecture at South Park Settlement.
The regular weekly lecture of the
series on the principal cities of the
world was delivered last night at the
South Park Settlement. Miss Kate E.
Whitaker spoke entertainingly on
"London." Dr. Mary Robert Smith
sung a number of English ballads.
New Orleans was selected as the
place of meeting next year, and E. L.
Jordan, Washington, D. C, was elect
ed president.
Resolutions were adopted com
mending Bishop Potter for his action
in dedicating a New York saloon. The
resolutions advocate a reduction of
the tax on whisky and also a reduc
tion of th ; tax on Imported wines and
liquors.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 14. — By virtue of a
resolution adopted at the convention
of the National Liquor Dealers* Asso
ciation it has been decided to amalga
mate that association with th«
Knights of the Royal Arch and the
Knights of Fidelity, the name of the
combined organizations to be the Na
tional Liquor League.
Resolutions Adopted Praising Him for
Dedicating the Subway Tavern
in Xew York.
LIQUOR DEALERS COMMENT)
ACTION' OF BISHOP POTTER
The most elegantly appointed hotel and cafe
In San Francisco. Rooms single and en suite;
64 private baths: phone In <#.*ery room. Hotel
Clarendon. 013 Post *t., opp. Olympic Club. - *
"We don't know what it requires to
become skillful at repartee, unless it
is to think as quick as when the baby
has the croup.
HONOLULU, Oct. 14. — A shock of
earthquake was felt here at 3:45 a. m.
to-day. Reports by wireless telegraph
from various sections of the. Hawaiian
Islands disclose that the shock was
general. " It". was felt by vessels fifteen
mile at sea. No damage to property is
*ei>orted.* ¦ '
Eurly Morning Quake Disturbs the Va
rious Islands of the Ha
\, _ wallan Group. .
SHIPS AT SEA FEEIi
EARTHQUAKE SHOCK
McCARDLE GETS OFKICE.— The Supreme
Court decided yesterday that Charles McCar
dle was entitled to the office of Recorder of
Krcsno County. After the election of two
years ago the Fresno County Supervisors de
clared R. X. Barstow elected Recorder by a
plurality of twenty-four votes. McCardle con
tested and was declared elected by a plurality
of forty-one votes in the Superior Court. Bar-
Ftow appealed to the Supreme Court, which
finds that McCardle was elected by a plurality
of more than 100 votrs.
might have forged Mann's name was
made by the defense, but it proved
more amusing than effective.
The hearing was continued to Tues
day afternoon. The prosecution will
call a deputy from the Registrar's of
fice and then close. Attorney Country
man was undecided yesterday as to
whether he would introduce any testi
mony for the defense.
Public Works Commissioner Maes
trettl last night tried to get Rebstock
released on bonds. But neither Judge
Graham nor* Judge Sloss, botb/of whom
were appealed to, would accept the
sureties brought forward, who were
James Lawlor, a saloon-keeper at Turk
and Taylor streets, and E. Ewald, one
of Charles Wyman's original bonds
men. Kebstock's bond is $5000 or $2500
The Paraiso Springs are always open. *
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 14. — At the con
cluding session of the International
Sunday Rest Congress to-day a resolu
tion was adopted to the effect that the
managers of the Lewis and Clark Ex
position be advised that If the gates
are closed on Sunday they can depend
upon the. friends of the Lord's day to
attend and encourage the fair. !
Resolution Passed by the Internation
al Rest Congress in Session
at St. Louis.
WILL AID PORTLAND FAIR
IF IT CLOSES OX SUNDAY
CONFLICTS WITH STATE LAW. — Judge
Cook yesterday heard the appeal case of Me
daro Ford, heretofore convicted by Police
Judge Mogan of keeping an opium place. The
Judge sustained the appeal on the ground
that the ordinance under which the arrest was
made conflicted with the State law making It
a misdemeanor to keep and maintain a place
where opium Is sold and smoked. The ordi
nance was therefore void and arreets should
be made under the State law.
This is the best season of the year at Hotel
Del Monte. The golf course was never greener.
Saturday to Monday tickets. Including railway
fare and two days' board at the hotel, sold by
the Southern Pacific for $10. Ask agents at
613 Market street. . • .
Best Time at Del Monte.
An Atchison woman is hiding out:
A friend has written her she Is com
ing with thr^p children to make a
"nice long visit."
RIVERSIDE. Oct. 3 4— rrofario Corilla. a
yyur.g Mexican, was electrocuted this aftpr
nooTi by taking h^M or a live wire at Church
Brc*.' pumping r'ant.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.— The Post
office Department announces that
Charles E. Bauer has been appointed
postmaster at Courtland, Cal. A new
office has been established at Careaga,
Santa Barbara County, Edward H.
Smith, postmaster.
New Postmasters Appointed.
The e'iow of the risinR sun is a gilt edee on
th* horizon— a promise of pow^r and purity, as
In the brand "Old Gilt Edge" on whUliev
"Wholesale at C9-.il Battery «., Wlchman'
lAJlcn & Co. • '
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 14. — The following
San Franciscans have recently regis
tered at the California building at the
World's Fair:
Mrs. . L. Clarke, W. H. Sperry, Mrs. L. B.
Faught, H. J. Hunkins, W. H. Crlm and
wife, C. H. Saydawn and wife, C. F. Hunkins.
Mrs. J. H. Humphreys, J. H. Humphreys, K.
A. McCabe K. Beld. W. W. Funge. K. W.
Winchelle. W. A. Osborn, Mrs. A. W. Corey,
C. C. Sullivan, D. Thlas, D. Lehburger. G.
P. Prechtel and wife, H. W. Everson, Mrs.
A F. Bruce, L. D. Maele. H. Stern and
wife J. E. Ward. E. Booth, W. C. Van
Fleet. W. S. Booth and wife. J. E. Fltzpat
rick, Mrs. W. C. Van Fleet. H. Choyrick,
Mrs. J. C. Campbell, G. Cordzbell, R. Keogh,
Mrs." E. Kaeser. A. Shula. A. L. Adams, A.
S.- Henderllts, F. D. Madison, C. E. Green,
A. S. Hart and wife, D. H. Noble, F. T.
Smith, M. W. Sherrard, T. C. Martin. A.
Fordman. H. A. Dial. Mrs. Runnels, J. Hofus,
E. E. Houn and wife, O. G. Burnett and
wife. T. S. Marthls and wife, C. E. Markunn
son.'
People From This City Who Hare Re
cently Registered at the
California Building.
Drawing pencils and papers, drawing
instruments, draughtsmen's supplies,
inks, sketch pads, oil colors, drawing
boards, thumb tacks, crayons and eras
ers; always the best. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
Art School Supplies.
&AX FRANCISCO VISITORS
AT THE ST. LOUIS FAIR
The executive committee of the Civic
Council met last evening and decided
that there would be no action taken In
the matter of increasing the license for
retail liquor dealers from $21 per quar
ter to $125 until next year.
Tho committee was represented by C.
'A. Murdock, J. W. Hatch, P. F. Morris,
L. C. Ostryce and J. E. White. Mr.
IVThite said that he believed that it
would be better to carry the fight over
until the next municipal campaign, at
which time it would be likely that an
effort would be made for a quarterly
license of $500 instead of the $125 that
Is now advocated. The campaign is too
close at hand tn permit of the council
attempting to obtain assistance
through the courts.
Retail Liquor License Question.
RENO,, Nev., Oct. 14.— When the Vir
ginia and Truckee passenger train was
entering Reno last night it ran into a
live electric wire that had dropped
across the track, and for a short time
the passengers were thrown into a
panic, because they thought the train
was on fire.
When the train first struck the wire
a short circuit was caused, and the
lines along the road, the rails and the
wheels literally blazed. This electrical
display lasted for some time, but as
soon as the wire was cut by the wheels
the electricity ceased to spring from
the metal parts of the train. It was
some little time before the passengers
would believe that the train was not on
fire. As a result of the collision Reno
was in darkness for some time.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Passengers on Nevada Train
Given Scare and Treated
to an Electrical Display
In an interview Mr. Phelan, presi
dent of the Association for the Im
provement and Adornment of San
Francisco, said that he had visited
many of the leading banks and that
they approved of the idea of acquiring
land for these specific purposes, which
they believed would not involve any
waste of public funds, and at the same
time establish the confidence of our cit
izens in the credit of the community.
! They also believe that their customers
will take many of these bonds, and per
haps when offered for sale by the city
others may bid even more than par.
"Our object is not to buy the bonds, so
much as to insure the improvements,"
said Phelan. "The people interested in
I the Mission Park. I am assured, will
! see that the bonds for that purpose are
taken. They involve $292,000. The Ger
man Savings Bank will take $200,000 of
the bonds. The Mutual Savings Bank
decided at its meeting yesterday to bid
at par for the whole issue of the bonds
for the acquisition of the strip of land
between the park and the Presidio,
thus connecting and making one the
1500 acres of Government land and the
1000 acres of city land included in Gold
en Gate Park, amounting to $325,000.
The Board of Examiners, presumably
for the investment of public school
funds, has already bid for $250,000 of
the children's playgrounds bonds.
"From this you will see that over
$1,000,000 is actually in hand, and the
other $1,000,0000 will be taken by the
other savings and commercial banks
which were interviewed yesterday.
"The bankers of the city express
themselves as being ready to help all
legitimate Improvements, but they will
not encourage Jobbery in the expendi
ture of public funds. That was the key
note of their expressed sentiments."
BANKS "EVINCE APPROVAL.
and Adornment of San Francisco.
"JAMES D. PHELAN, President,
"THOMAS McCALEB, Secretary."
thereon, as provided by the charter,
will be under the jurisdiction of the
Board of Library trustees.
"It appears to many citizens, mem
bers of this association, that it would
be wise and prudent for the city to
acquire these lands without further
delay. With this end in view, we have
interviewed gentlemen representing
commercial and savings banks and can
now give you the assurance that based
on the foregoing assumptions that in
case these bonds, involving $2,000,000
for the acquisition of real estate, are
offered for pale, bids for the whole
amount at par will be forthcoming.
"Respectfully requesting that you
will again invite the submission of
bids, we are, yours very truly,
"Association for the Improvement
The preliminary examination of
Charles Wyn-fin, accused of Illegally
voting the name of S. H. Mann in the
Seventy-third/ Precinct, was resumed
before Policy Judge Cabanlss yester
day afternoon. . Fairfax H. Wheelan,
Joseph T. Djyle and Registrar Adams
were cross-ccamined, but nothing of
importance. Developed. An attempt to
make it appear from their exemplars
Of handwriing that Wheelan or Doyle
FERRAL IS WILLING.
Assistant District! /Attorney Ferral,
who is in charge of the office in the
absence of District Byington,
had given no stud^ to the matter of
the Grand Jury's resolution. Speak
ing offhand he pJld that while he
knew of no law'^o compel the Su
perior Court to atfeede to the request
of the Grand Jufy nor of any com
pulsion on the district Attorney to
obey any instruction from the court
such as is soughj he was of the opin
ion that the proiecution would be in
stituted. He triught that inasmuch
as it had beeh| called to the atten
tion of the Judgp and the District At
torney that an Jffense against the law
had been committed it would be in
cumbent on them to set the law in
operation. Atfistant District Attor
ney Ferral expects District Attorney
Byington homWfrom the East in a few
days and experts that the matter can
be laid beforij him to determine the
course of the Office.
Fourth — Three of the six) election officers
who served In this precinct jwere and are at
present employes of the municipal government.
Wherras, each of these foi^r counts Is In di
rect contravention of the tew; whereas, we
are amply satisfied that the | Election Commis
sioners are at least culpable of gross neglect
of duties: and whereas, w»l are satisfied that
the District Attorney canj /if the opportunity
be given him. produce an afray of facts which
will tend to deprive the gentlemen of this com
mission of their office; therefore, on behalf of
the majority of the men>bers of this Grand
Jury. I ask you, if not Incompatible with the
duties of your office, to grpnt our request and
instruct the District Attorney to commence
proceedings forthwith. < t
Third — Five of the six officers of this pre
cinct registered and voted in fhe Seventy-third
I'recinct of the Thirty-nlntS Aesembly Dis
trict.
Second — All the officers wh» served In this
precinct were of the same political affiliation,
and so expressed themselves In their applica
tions for appointment.
Specifically referring to a precinct we de
sire to call the attention of your Honor to the
Eightieth Precinct of the Thirty-ninth Assem
bly District, and we cite this ifpecial precinct
as one of the many as ground upon which the
Election Commissioners should be ousted from
office. In.thls precinct all the flection officers
had been notified In ample time, so no claim
can be made that they were emergency offi
cers.
First — Xot one of the officers of this pre
cinct was on the assessment toll.
We were convinced that the majority of the
officers of these precincts deliberately pervert
ed the truth In the giving of their testimony.
In calling the Election Commission before
our body they individually acknowledged that
they knew and were familiar with the election
laws.
FLAGRANT VIOLATION*. OF LAW.
In the precincts investigated we found that
these election officers were not as a rule com
posed of our reputable citizens — Irrespective of
their not being on the assessment roll — but
generally of a class of men to whom the aver
age citizen would make a most decided objec
tion.
From the comparison of the rosters with
the affidavits made In some few precincts, we
were convinced that glaring frauds »nd Ir
regularities had been committed and made pos
sible by the willful neglect and, in many
oaw?s, actual connivance of the election offi
cers.
i Realizing that the safety of the common
wealth lleB in the purity and the protection
of the ballot box. the majority of the members
of the Grand Jury desire in submitting the
above to call your attention to some at the
facts and .evidence adduced which prompted
them to pursue the course as outlined in our
resolution.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
* _ +
Klection Commissioners for the dereliction of
their duties."
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
STRIKES WIRE;
DARKENS RENO
WILL PROSECUTE THE /
ELECTION COMMISSION
WILL TAKE PORTION
OF THE BOND ISSUE
XEW YORK, Oct. 14.— Another con
sultation of surgeons has been held
over Mrs. Arthur Paget, the society
leader, who was injured in an elevator
accident, says a Herald dispatch from
London. After lying strapped to a
board two months and a half it has
been found that the upper fracture of
Mrs. Paget's thigh has made no pro
gress and has not yet begun to unite
by sending out bone tissue.
It is now believed to be a question of
a more serious operation. At any event,
a considerable time will be required for
nature to do the healing. The sufferer
will be still lying on her back at Christ
mas time.
ST. PAUL, Oct. 14. — While experi
menting with a patent fire escape,
swung from . the eighth story of the
Gfrmania Life building this after
noon, P. M. Scannon and wife of
Minneapolis fell from the third story
to the stone sidewalk. Mrs. Scannon
was killed and her husband received
injuries from which he died a few
hours later.
Both Receive Fatal Injuries While Ex
perimenting With a Patent Fire
Escape at St. Paul.
Commissioner Dabney added that the
investigation here had included the
taking of statements of various resi
dents along the rivers, who were able
to make practical suggestions, and in
this manner the commission gleaned
much valuable Information not incor
porated in former reports. As yet the
commission, he said, is not prepared to
give any estimate as to the cost of
inaugurating the river improvements
to be proposed.
The commission of engineers that has
spent the last two months in California
gathering data for a report on the best
methods for draining the Sacramento
and San Joaquin rivers and reclaim
ing their overflowed lands has con
cluded its labors here and its mem
bers will depart for the East to-day.
The commissioners have arranged to
meet again on November 20 In Sioux
City, Iowa, where they will prepare
their report, which they expect to sub
mit to the California Commissioner of
Public Works about the middle of De
cember. Major "T. G. Dabney of Mis
sissippi, chairman of the commission,
in discussing the work done by him
self and associates here, said last
evening:
" The problem we had had under Investiga
tion, is beset with various complications and
presents many phases, each of which demands
particular study. While we have made dili
gent effort to master the subject by a study
of the voluminous written and printed data
that have accumulated, and by examination
of the physical feature* of the ground as far
as practicable, yet the time at our disposal
has been too short to permit us to acquire as
full and thorough Information as desirable.
We are, however, enabled now to "formulate a
general plan for the accomplishment of the
objects In view and also to go Into consid
erable detail in recommending the methods to
be pursued In the practical application of. the
plans to be reported on by the commission.
Previous plans for draining the Sacramento
River, which Is the most serious problem be
fore the commission, have generally recom
mended provisions for carrying off the sur
plus water to the bay In by-pass canals. We
have departed from this plan and expect ulti
mately to make the channels of the river
carry all its water. The San Joaquin River
and its tributaries present a lens difficult
problem and consequently the treatment will
be less elaborate, although there* will be need
for considerable rectification of the banks. We
have made our study of the situation as care
fully as possible and hope to recommend to
California a relief that will be permanent
and most beneficial.
Injuries Sustained by London Society
Leader Have Failed to Mend.
HUSBAND AND WIFE FALL
! FROM THE THIRD STORY
MRS. ARTHUR PAGET. THE LONDON SOCIETY LEADER WHO MAY HAVE
TO UNDERGO A SECOND OPERATION AS THE RESULT OF THE INJU
RIES SHE RECEIVED RECENTLY IN AN ELEVATOR ACCIDENT.
ENGINEERS END
INVESTIGATION
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 14.— President D.
R. Francis and Director of Exhibits
Frederick J. V. Skiff of the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition were to-day made
grand officers of the Order of the
Crown of Italy. The decorations were
conferred upon them by the King of
Italy and the presentation of the in
signia was made by Baron Mayor Des
Planches, Embassador to the United
States. The ceremony was brief and
simple.
Decorations Conferred Upon President
Francis nnd Director of Inhibits
Frederick Skiff.
FAIR OFFICIALS HONORED
JIV THE KING OF ITALY
The Maternity Hospital and the
Foundling Home will be the richer to
day by several hundred dollars.
And, by the way, it's not uninterest
ing to know how the madame came by
her name. 'Twas of Marchesi's doing.
"Take the name of your beautiful city,
ma chere," said she— hence "Fran
cisca."
With the next, "Lakme." Madame's
voice and dramatic sense grew in
Fubtlety and intensity, reaching her
hcBt in •Louise," by Charpentier.
Gounod's valse, "Romeo and Juliet,"
xvas given with splendid technique,
which in the mad scene in "Hamlet"
(Thomas) was equally fine, but less ap
parent. Here Francisca's dramatic
lire swept away the mechanism of
Marchesi — "Hamlet" will remain a joy
ful memory for many a day.
But, by the way, the "Last Rose of
Bummer." given as an encore, was
hardly fortunate. Though it was well
executed, baJlads are distinctly not
Madame Francisca's style.
As for the audience, it was sympa
thetic, s=mart and well hatted. Many
of the haut ton were there, with a
large quota of music lovers — a dis
tinction with a difference. But 'twas in
the supper-room that the gorgeousness
of gown and bonnet was best exploit
<?d. And the men who paid for them
looked happy.
Altogether, 'twas a notable night.
Number three was by this same gen
tleman, who accompanied the song
stress so safely, giving (a) "Andante
du Fifth Concerto" <"H. Herz) and (b)
"Second Mazurka" <"B. Godard). Both
of these numbers were well received,
but the Ketterer solo, "Armonia" —
pronounced by an irreverent wretch
near me "Ammonia" — was the most
brilliant and therefore the best appre
ciated number.
In a garb of Cleopatran type, reveal
ing arms and throat worth while,
Madame Francisca presented the fol
lowing numbers— which unhappily I
missed: a— Aria, "Le Cid" (Mas
fenet); b — "Si mes vens avaient des
ailes" (Hain); c — "Manon Lescaut"
(Auber). But from the running com
ment of my neighbors. "Manon Les
caut" was the favorite.
Then came the aria from "Traviata,"
"which was warmly — and justly — ap
plauded. And before Koinj? further, let
xne mention that Eugrene Marcellino
was at the piano. (Your pardon, sir,
for this tardiness. You deserved bet
ter.)
Another daughter of St. Francis'
town hath done her honor — Madame
Francisco, she who lifted her voice in
song so splendidly last night in the
sweet rame of charity. "What better
proof cf love for her home city than
this — the generous tender of her gifts
tor its poor?
Aside ircm the lyric feast, 'twas a
notable night, for it marked the dedi
cation of the sumptuous salon at the
6t- Francis to the realm of music. And
the g-ods be thanked! For here, in a
eettlng of ivory and gold, gorgeous as
Semirainis' temple with crystal spheres
of light, is a fitting home for song.
Acoustics? Fine. Environment? Su
perb. All these are valuable assets.
CHATHAM. Mass., Oct. 14.— Driven
down the coast by a northeast storm
the Nova Scotia schooner Wentworth
was thrown upon Chatham Bar last
night and to-day was smashed to pieces
In the terrific surf. It is believed that
not a soul on board survived. The
bodies of a man and a woman were re
covered to-day. It Is 'believed that the
ill-fated vessel carried a crew of at
least eight men besides her skipper,
Captain Priddle.
When the schooner was discovered
c-n the outer bar, life savers were on
the beach opposite the wreck in a short
time and began their efforts to save
those on the doomed vessel, but there
came no sign of life, although lights
were shining In the cabin. They re
mained on the scene all night. At day
break to-day It was seen that two of
the schooner's masts had gone by the
board and that her stern was washed
away. Subsequently the two bodies
were recovered.
The Wentworth was bound from
Hillsboro, N. B., to Newark, N. J.. with
a cargo of plaster rock. On board, so
far as known, were the captain, Esau
Priddle, of St. John, N. B., his wife and
three children and a crew of seven
men.
.King George was born, in 1832, and
was therefore^ 70 years, of age when he
succeeded .his. brother, Albert, two
years ago. He s was married in 1S59 to
Infanta Maijfia Anna, and six children
have been born to the couple. Prince
Friedrich August will succeed to the
throne.
King George had been on the throne
but two years and was so feeble during
all of that period that he was hardly
able to perform the duties of state.
Just before • His death his oldest son,
the Crown Prince, had been appointed
to perform those governmental func
tions which his parent;, was too feeble
ot attend to, ( ' ,' . .
DRESDEN, Oct. 1?>.— King- George of
Saxony died at PillnitS' at 2:25 o'clock
this morning. His end was peaceful.
His sons were present at the deathbed.
BY SALLY S1LARP.
Famous Song Bird Takes Her
Name From Native City
at Marchesi's Suggestion
His Oldest Son Frederick
August Willi Now Take
: Up the 'Reins of Power
Believed That at Least Ten
Persons Went to Watery
Grave in Wreck of Ship
TWO BODIES FOUND
SMAET SET IS PRESENT
SCARCE ABLE TO RULE
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 14.— Preliminary reports on the awards made to-day
by the various Worjd's Fair departments indicate that California will carry
off from ten to twelve grand prizes, from 130 to 130 gold medals and about
seventy-five silver medals. The work of the superior Jury is not finished,
so few awards can be announced as final. But those made by the depart
ment Jurors became known to-day. Of the grand prizes, the collective ex
hibit made by the California counties in the Palace of Agriculture is to get
one. The golden wine temple has been listed for one on the grounds that It
is the most classic and artistic exhibit in this building. Three California
wine firms get a grand prize e,ach. The University of California gets thre*
and the California educational exhibit one. Dried and canned fruits have
been granted one grand prize" and the forestry exhibit has been similarly
honored. Vegetables take a grand prize also.
The gold medals are distributed mostly among the county exhibits. Ala
meda is said to have carried off the largest number of these medals, with
Sacramento next. Wine, fruit and olive oil all fared well. Nearly a scor«
of wine makers are awarded gold medals. Not one gold medal was award
ed for olives. The Jury was composed of foreigners and they say that the
California olive, while very fine, has never been perfected. They are also
prejudiced against the ripe olive, which seems to be In great favor io the
East notwithstanding. Olive oil takes about a half dozen gold and silver
medals. Honey gets two gold medals; vegetables, four or five; hops, three:
prunes, three: dried fruits, seven: canned fruits, four. The mining exhibit
has carried off a gold medal for the general Installation and about ten for
Individual exhibits.
The best California received for grains was a silver medal and that 1j
the highest award received here for her butter. Many more prizes are ex
pected from the horticultural department, but these awards cannot be made
until the closing day of the fair. Fresno raisins and the Roeding figs took
gold medals. Some appeals will be made by Californlans, who think their
goods did not receive high enough, awards, but it is generally conceded that
the State has don.e splendidly In the way of premiums.
SAYS HIGH ALTITUDES CAUSE
THE DEATH OF CONSUMPTIVES
Dr. Paul M. Cairington Addresses the
Congress of Military Surgeons
at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 14. — The Interna
tional Congress of Military Surgeons
to-day decided that no badges nor
decorations shall be worn at future
meetings of the organization except
those authorized by law.
Papers were read by Surgeon Paul
M. Carrington, Ph. and M. H. S.. and
Colonel Nicholas Senn, surgeon gen
eral of the Illinois National Guard.
Addresses were made by General Wal
ter Wyman. Ph. and M. H. S.; Dr. Sal
vador Cordova, Honduras, and Dr.
David Macto, Peru. In the course of
his paper Surgeon Carrington said:
"The sending of consumptive pa
tients indiscriminately to high altitudes
has caused the death of. many perons
who under Judicious treatment would
have recovered."
Surgeon Carrington is in charge of
the Government sanitarium at Fort
Stanton, N. M., and he has made a
careful study of consumptive cases.
He attributed the great fatality in
high altitudes to the fact that patients
with lung diseases did not get oxygen
enough to purify the blood.
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.— Petitions
in Insolvency were filed yesterday in the
United States District Court as follows: E.
Prunetti & G. Lagomarslno, grocers and liquor
dealers. 706 Montgomery avenue. San Fran
cisco; liabilities $3S3, assets J572; Myron H.
Clark, liquor dealer. San Francisco, liabilities
$4279. assets f2OO; Rule G. Eubank, plumber,
San Francisco, liabilities |328O. assets $1322;
James E. Bressle, farmer, Pepperwood, liabil
ities $2421, assets $457.
Vessel in Storm Hits Bar
on Massachusetts Coast
and- Is Smashed to Pieces
Her Opening of Music Salon
at St. Francis a Brilliant
Social and Artistic Event
George Passes A\yay After
Illness- Which Darkened
His Eeign for Two Years
Great Share of Awards at the World's
Fair Will Come to California.
MME. FRANCISCA
SINGS FOR POOR
SCHOONER LOST
WITH HER CREW
DEATH CALLS
SAXONY'S KING
State's Products Win Premiums
MRS. PAGET MAY OICE MORE
GO UNDER THE KNIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1901.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS^^
DEAFNESS
BOOK FREE
A work that will bring joy and quick relief to all deaf people is now being
distributed absolutely free of charge. It contains new and valuable information
in regard to the new cure for deafness: It was written by a specialist celebrated
throughout North America for his cures of this affliction. He wrote this" book
as a gift to humanity. It is
YOURS FOR THE ASKING : : :
Perhaps you question "Why?" Because this famous physician feels that III
It is his duty to God and man to give freely of his knowledge and skill to all ...
¦ such as stand in need. During the long years of his practice, his heart has III
often ached over the silent sufferings of the victims of deafness. He under- . . .
stands in the fullest degree what It means for them to be shut off from all the • ¦ ; ¦ ••.- ' •
Joyous world of sound — the song of birds, the delights of musio, the dear I . .
voices of relatives and friends. • • •
He wrote this work as a labor of love to point out the way to a cure for .*'/•¦•
all who are deaf. From cover fo cover It is full of the most valuable medlcaJ . . • .
Information. It shows how the Inner tubes of the ear become blocked up: it • J •
explains the strange and terrible ringing, buzzing noises In the ear; it is lllus- ...
trated by the finest of drawings made by the best artists; It points out with . ; • ;
truthful and positive hand the way to restored hearing. • . .
SEND FOR IT AT ONCE • : :«
Do not delay! The demand for the book has been so tremendous that its I • •
author. Dr. Sproule, the distinguished specialist, has Just gotten out a second • . .
edition, that all who desire may have a copy. Whoever is troubled with deaf- .
ness in even the slightest degree Is rladly and freely welcome to this book. .
Thousands who have received it bless the kindly hand that wrote it and that I • ' •
distributes It without a thought of payment. It was the means of restoring * .
their hearing. Let It restore yours. I 0Q J
Write your name and a ddress plainly on the dotted lines, cut " h I
out and send to Dr. Sproule. B. A., Deafness Specialist (Graduate S (j •
Dublin University and form erly Surgeon In the British Royal Naval S Q I
Service), 166 Trade Building-, Boston. He will send you the book < Q •
free. . Z <
PERSONAUy
XONDUCTEII
ffm and daily excursions in Pullman tourist
SB sleeping cars without change from Los
Mm Angeles, Santa Barbara, Monterey, San Vft
fljf Francisco, Bakersfield, Fresno, Lathrop, Wk
|| Stockton, Sacramento and other California ||
II points via the Southern Pacific, Union Pacific IE
IB and Chicago & North - Western Railways 1 1
II th^h TO CHICAGO H
Vkand the East. Fast trains; Excellent |V
Waservice. Dining car service a la carte. JW
Choice of routes. Low round-trip rates. MB
Double berth to Chicago only >7.00^45#
\^22^^_ * J^ S«itb«* PasiJfo tickrt *£»a» fcr fall iaibraution. jfrffff^^Rlk,
/^fHTtiN R. R- RITCHIE. General Agent Pacific Coast, JVmmMMT
flfflMgggZ&ffi I ' I C. A N.-W. Ry .. 6 1 7 Marktt St. Ptlaca HoteL^y MlMHl^l*fl
ADVERTISE5IEXTS.
I ODDITIES
| Arriving in every department
I ELECTRIC LAMPS
| ENGAGEMENT CUPS
I AND OTHER NOVELTIES
> Wedding Gifts Our Specialty
fl "We have a great variety to
£ select from
I NathaivDohrmaimft
I / 122-132 3 UTTER STnEDTCEK AWMONT-— Oakland. Oct. 14.—
By stipulation Judpe ElUworth to-day ao
tr.cdified the decree of divorce granted Mary
E. Slater from William W. Slater that the
lefeoOant v.i:i be obliged to pay her $100 a
month alimony caly to next March, when Uw
amount u to be reduced to $65 a month.
Search for Odd Fellows' Children.
OAKLAND, Oct. 14.— William Mor
rison, an Odd Fellow, native of On
terlo, Canada, is dead at Sacramento.
He has two daughters, said to "be rest
dentB of Oakland. The general relief
beard of Odd Fellows of Sacramento,
through E. J. Woodman, secretary, has
telegraphed, to the Oakland lodges re
questing help in locating Morrison's
relative*."
i RENO, Nev., Oct. 14.— Prompted
by family trouble and suffering from
a protracted spree, L. B. . Adams 'of
Salt Lake, Utah, made r a desperate at
tempt at suicide at.Hazen to-day. He
threw himself in front of the swiftly
moving Flyer. The wheels passed ov^r
both legs, amputating them. Although
very weak from loss of blood the at
tending physician believes he has a
chance of recovery.
Throws Himself in Train's Path.-
TOTJXG TEAMSTE!'. MISSING.— Oakland.
Oct." 14. — Ray Thompson, a young driver for
L,. VTilderniood. an Eaet Oakland fruiterer,
ha* disappeared. His teafn ' was .Tout.>l . last
r. °ht at Sixteenth rtreet and Twenty-seventh
avenue, the following note keinr P«na«d- to
th* wagpn teat: "I will this wagon horse
«nd fruit to the world. Oood-by. 'RAT."
Thompson lived with WJiaermood. who fears
the tniesinr nan has oommltted suicide.
Special Train [Will 'Carry 3Iany People
From This City 10 Attend the
" Arrangements are^fcompleted for the
opening of the. bazaar at Mountain
View, \ to-night.. . \\^ \ is for the
benefit of the; building fund for the
new St. Joseph's- dhurchl " ;v Mayor
Schmitz will deliver ig laddress. From
the enthusiasm showiilby the par
ishioners this fair will'ikr surpass" the
first one' of the parish',! which . was
held two years ago. .'\ ¦ !;
Many of" the friends » if Father J.
J. Cullen residing in\\ ; ais ctty have
arranged to, attend Bis evening.
A SDecial train "will lea\fe Third and
Townsend streets statlonHt 6:25 p. m.
and 'return at il:45 the slme evening.
Round trip tickets - will be sold at
SI 15. .The special traln'J Will stop at
Menlo Park, Palo Alto aid Mayfleld.
Eve'ry effort is being' rmde for the
comfort of those who at»nd. The
following. .ladles will attfend to the
booths: Outside friendsTf-Aooth, Mrs.
R. W. McDonald; Calif oMla booth,
Mrs. B. Distel; Mountain \lew, booth.
Mrs. J.-'W, Miller; candy boolh, Mrs. C.
W. Small, and the refreshniW booth,
Mrs. B. Farrell.. \
OAKLAND, Oct. 14.— W. A. Kling,
former secretary of the Young Men's
Christian Association."' who had charge
of the canvass for funds for the new
association building, departed to-day
for the East. W. W. Dillon, the as
sistant State secretary, has taken
charge of the situation pending the
election of a new secretary. Work to
•raise the. balance of the $200,000 that
"is required will be undertaken at once.
Kling Departs for tlie East.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 14.
Nothing.can be learned of the where
abouts of Roy Jeffers, a young man
who left Highland sixty. daya ago with
the avowed intention of returning 'to
the home of his parents in Kentucky.
Jeffers had accumulated several hun
dred dollars, which he is known f to
have had on his person when he left
for Los Angeles on the way home.
Letters have been received from his
parents, making anxious inquiries, but
no information could be given the'm.
Draws Money and Disappears.
MONTEREY, Oct. 14. — John T.
E(are addressed a rousing meeting of
Republicans at- Bagby Opera-house
this evening. ' .TJie speaker dealt with
the record of trie present administra
tion afid applauded the 'foreign policy
of the. Republican party. Enthusiasm
was unrestrained and ¦ the speaker's
references to the issues of the present
cainpaign-were received with tremen
dous applause. ,.' :
John T. Dare at Monterey.
Bandit Raisuli Again Heard From.
LONDON, Oct- 16. — According to
the Tangier correspondent of the
Times, evidence has been discovered
that the bandit, Ralsull, intends to at
tempt the capture of another Euro
pean.
Barr Dies of. Injuries. .
Captain W. H. Barr, a ship owner
and mariner, died yesterday afternoon
at St. Luke's Hospital of injuries re
ceived on tlie 11th of this month.
Barr was crossing Golden Gate ave
nue, near Franklm street, when he
was run down by a wagon owned by
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson. The wa
gon was in. charge, of W. G. Walker
and was being driven by Walker's
nephew, a lad of 15 years. The driver
will be arrested on a charge of man
slaughter to-day. Barr resided at -71 8
Golden Gate avenue and was 76 years
of age. He was a well known char
acter on the water front. The killing
Is said to have been purely accidental.
OAKLAND. Oct. 14.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: WJgginton E.
Creed, 27, and Isabel M. Hooper, 28;
both of Oakland; Johnson Walker, 21,
nnd Stella V. Johnson. 21, both of
Oakland; John P." Treanor, 24, and
Elizabeth H. Trampleasure, . 18, both
of San Francesco; Chris Johnson, 24,
endr Estella Howard, 23.' both of San
Francisco; John W. Sheehan, over'21,
and Jane Delcroix. over 18. both of
San Pranrisco; Manuel P. Rodrigues.
11, Saji L«3.ndro, and Jennie Belteri
court, 19, Mission San Jose; Charles
Aicklej*, 39. and Mary E. E.'iPraviza,
over 39, both of Oakland.
51arriage Licenses.
BAZAAR AT MOUNTAIN VIEW
TO OPEN SATURDAY NIGHT
BERKELEY, Oct. 14. — Despite the
protests of the Mothers* Club of West
Berkeley against the College Settle
ment work there, officers of the as
sociation in charge of the work decid
ed last night to continue their enter
prise. A new board of directors was
elected as follows: Hart Greensf elder,
Monroe Deutsch, William .Harrison,
Charles Hadlln, Adolph Miller, C. C.
Wickson,. E. L. Parsons; Professor E.
C. Moore, E. Engelbretaen, A. W. Nay
lor and S. D. Waterman.
College Settlement Directors."
Jphn B. Johnson, Minister to Greece,
a Passenger on the Same
. , Steamer. ", .
LONDON, Oct. 14.— Among the
passengers on the Ha.mburg--American
line steamer Deutschland,. sailing: from
Dover and Cherbourg for New York
to-day, are Embassador McCormick
and John B. Johnson, the American
Minister to Greece.
EMBASSADOR McCORMICK
SAILS FOR AMERICA
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct 14.— Mrs.
J. N. Perry and two companions
drank carbolic acid in mistake for
beer at a supper after a theater per
formance and Mrs. Perry is in a seri
ous condition. ' The party had been
invited to the room by Perry and he
directed his wife to open several bot
tles of beer. «There also was a bottle
of carbolic acid on the shelf and she
poured the poison Into her glass. She
screamed with pain after taking '. a
mouthful and Perry ran for a doctor.
During his absence the other man
tasted the liquid. He, too, was pain
fully burned.
Shortly afterward the other woman
in the party got confused in the
glasses on the table and she, too,
sipped the burning acid.
Mistakes Carbolic Acid for Beer and
After Giving Drug to Companions
Takes a Drink.
J. W. McClymonfls. City Superintendent of
Schools of Oakland, will address T. JL. Hea
ton'a class in education at 10 o'clock iu>xt
Eaturday morning In room 16, North Hall, on
•The System of Promotion In the Oakland
Schools."
Piorewror C. IL Gayley of the English de
partment has bcroent a lot at Piedmont and
Durast avenues, ujon which he will soon build
a handsome residence. '
H. K. M«a3 lectured on •'Bibliography" In
the library last night.
The dairy fcch->ol tfepartment has reotlvnl a
large new churn of 125 pound* capacity for
the short course students.
BEHKELET, Oct. 14.— Memorial services
for Martus J. £pin«>llo, the professor whose
trarie death under the wheels of a "Key
rofete" car occurred a. few months ±go. are to
b* held at 4 o'clock next Monday In South
Hali. President Wheeler will preside. An at
tet£pt wiil be made to ra>» tSOO with which
to buy Professor Epinello's Romanic and La tin
book* for the university library.
Professor O. K. Torrey of the zooJopy de
partzntnt has dlsco\'cred a new species of
hydra, in material . taken recently from the
GaJU&nd Cre«k.
CARELESSNESS - OF WOMAN
MAY.' CAUSE HER DEATH
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY, Oct. 14. — Vacation
time proved mating time for Julia
Broad, a young high school maiden,
who took advantage of the week's re
cess to make a secret journey with
James Graham to San Rafael, where
they were married on Thursday night.
The news was broken yesterday to Mr.
and Mrs. Broad, the girl's parents.
They resentea their daughter's mode
of entering the state of matrimony,
but eventually gave their blessing to
the pair, whose romantic tendencies
had overbalanced their discretion. Mr.
Broad is a contractor, who has oper
ated extensively in Berkeley for thirty
years. Mr. Graham, his son-in-law, ia
a clothier.
E!oi>ers Are. Forgiven.
OAKLAND, Oct. 14. — Oakland
Chapter No. 140, Order of the Eastern
Star, will give a dancing party Mon
day evening at Maple Hall. Those" in
charge are: Worthy Matron Ellen N.
Laughland, Edith.. M. Batchelor, An
nie W. Jackson, Kate A. Mott; floor
directors, John Laughland, George A.
Cockerton. The Fifth Regiment Or
chestra will play. *¦ • • ,
Eastern Star to Give Party.
- BERLIN, Oct. 14. — Germany's old
enemy of a decade ago, Hendrik Wit
beur, according to an official dispatch
from Windhook, German Southwest
Africa, has declared war against the
Germane. «The station at - Morenga,
which recently was reported to have
been attacked by insurgent Witbeurs.
is offering a firm resistance, and is
continually receiving reinforcements
of mounted and unmounted Germans.
It is expected in German official
quarters that Witbeur will cause a
number of Hottentot tribes to join in
the uprising.
Uprising by Tribesmen in Which the
. Hottentots May Be Induced; . .
to Take Part.
WAR DECLARED AGAINST .
GERMANS IN SOUTH AFRICA
OAKLAND. Oct. 14.— Hannah M.
Subora obtained a divorce this after
noon from Moses Subora, a carpenter,
be cause, according to her statement,
at the full of each moon he developed
violent fits of temper during which he
would beat her and pull her hair and
otherwise treat her cruelly. At these
periods he would sit up in bed and
howl and she always had warnings of
what would . happen before he . got
better.
Subora did not appear to contest
the proceedings and their ' property
rights were all. settled out of court.
She was also allowed to resume her
maiden name of Hannah M. Norman.
Hannah M. Suborn Obtains a Divorce
Because Husband Grew Violent
. . at Full of Each Moon. •
.Ab announced from Tokio September
10, Prince Fushimi will visit the St.
Louis exposition and Washington as
the special representative of the Em
peror of Japan. The Prince command
ed the first division of the Japanese
army at* the battle of Nanshan- Hill.
He returned from the. field to make
this trip to the United States at the
request of the Emperor. Prince Fu
shimi will remain in the United States
for a month. He will be accompanied
by a numerous suite.
The right of way for the new track
covers a distance of fifteen miles,
while about twelve acres of land is
sought to be condemned for a part of
what is needed for freight yards.
V.'hile this road is a new incorporation
it is a part of the Southern Paoific
Company.
OAKLAND, # Oct. 14. — In order to
get land for its new freight yards to
be established at the Potrero in San
Francisco and a right of way for a
spur track to connect the town* of
Newark, on the Niles line with the
line running out of San Francisco,
condemnation proceedings were begun
this afternoon by the Central Califor
nia Railway Company against the
Morgan Oyster Company, Dumbarton
lland and Improvement Company,
Spring Valley Water Company and
others.
Southern Pacific Brings Condemnation
Suit for RJ?ht of Way From
Newark to Potrero.
OAKLAND, Oct. 14.— In a fight with
a brakeman who attempted to dislodge
him from a train on which he had
beaten his way from Truckee, a young
man giving his name as C. E. Mc-
Cauley received a severe stab wound
in the left thigh early this morning.
He says the brakeman first struck him
over the hesjd with a lantern and that
he then grappled with him and was
stabbed. The train was a delayed
passenger which was sidetracked at
the Sixteenth street depot. At the
hospital McCauley said he could not
identify the man as it was dark. •
Stabbed by Brakeman.
SAID TO HOWL AT NIGHT
. AND BEAT . HIS SPOUSE
RAILWAY WANTS LAND
FOK ITS FREIGHT YARDS
TOKIO,.Oct. 14.— Lloyd. C-Griscom,
the American Minister, gave a fare
well dinner to-night' in. honor of Lieu
tenant General Prince Fushimi and his
suite. Marquis Ito; :> Fielt Marshal Ya
hr&gata, .Chief \of; 'the'; General ; $taff,
Foreign Minister Komura and other
Japanese leaders, as well as prominent
members of the American colony, were
present. Prince Fushimi will sail for
the United States on the steamship
Manchuria October 22.
General Fushimi .Entertained Prior to
. His Departure for tlie
United States.
JAPANESE PRINCE GUEST ; '
OF AMERICAN MINISTER
One of the highwaymen aimed a
pistol at Guidice's head while the
other footpad rifled his pockets, tak
ing 50 cents and overlooking a purse
containing money. The pair listened
to Guidice's plea and allowed him to
keep his watch. The young . man's
companion, whose identity he refused
to reveal, remained a silent and un
molested t spectator. Guidice reported
the robbery this evening. He lives at
906 Washington street.
OAKLAND, Oct. 14.— A. H. Guidice,
a mill hand at the Oakland Planing
Mills, was held up by two footpads
last night at 11:30 o'clock while es
corting a young woman home from
the theater. The robbery' occurred on
Tenth street, between Jefferson and
Grove.
Stand Up Escort and Rob Him of Half
a Dollar Wliile She
JLooks on.
GATJ-AXT FOOTPADS DO
XOT MOLEST A WOMAN
An engagement fiat will be a surprise to
tlielr many friends ii that of Clarence Simon
ton and Miss Lela I Willis. Mr. Slmonton
holds a responsible I bsltion with the Gas Con
sumers' Association kcross the bay. while
both he and his ltifcpded bride take a prom
inent, part In all the ivarious activities of the
First Methodist EptsVkpal Church of this city.
The wed.llng will be Solemnized In June, and
Miss Willis will seleit her bridesmaids from
the Pi Theta Deltar »Torlty, x>t which she is
a charter member. 1«\
The marriage '\<\t Miss- Julia Summers and
William Kincald.1 on November 10, will bo
marked by several pretty 'features that are un
usual as well. It is to be a home wedding
and the bride, who is a decided blonde of a
delicate type, wi!\ be attended by her two
younger sisters, I'fulah and Miriam, wearing
white and- carrying garlands of pink flowers.
Th«» dainty little >;»dy will herself be aocom
psni'd to the alpf by both parents, her
mother being also n white, which will be the
prevailing wedding color.
Several eomplirrHntary affairs are being
planned for Miss tiiimmers. to take place In
the near future. •» \
Mrs. Lyons wore a handsome black suit,
with diamonds, and was assisted In receiving
by her husband and son, Harvey B. L.yon,
the only one of the boys now home. The other
sons, one in I/os Angeles- and the other in
Fresno, sent telegrams and
beautiful gifts to their parents.
During the acening Miss Wlnlfre* Wilson.
Mra. Carrie Fn» Snyder, Ralph Fisher and
Wilson- fSarsttfw' contributed a delightful
programme of music and recitations. An
elaborate supper was served.
Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Lyon celebrated the
fortieth anniversary of their wedding last
night, when* more' than 100 friends Joined In
making thd i *'Ccaslon a happy and memorable
one The house was elaborately I decorated In
white and green, the dates. 1861-1904, In
white being suspended in an archway between
two rooms. • • ' .
\ The Wheelock, another pioneer, played Its
Initiatory game to-day at Mrs. Chabofs. This
<s!ub, which is devoted to whist and which has
been In existence for ten years or more, in
cludes among Its members Mrs. Ctaabot, Mra.
A, Fine, Mrs. Samuel Hubbard, Mrs. B. A.
Heron, Mrs. \V. H. Chickerlng. Mrs. Prentlss
Selby, Mra. George Cope, Mrs. Hayward
Thomas, Mrs. John Yule. Mra. Gordon Stolp,
Mrs. B. J. Barrett.- Mrs. J. Lownde* Scott,
Mrs. E. B. Beck, Mrs. Kate Bulkley, Mrs.
Paul Loh9e, Mrs. Frank I. Kendall and Mrs.
Henry Wadsworth. The last named lady will
entertain the club next at the Bella Vista in
San Francisco, where she' now resides.
Five Hundred Club, which was organ
ized last wint«r by Dr. and- Mrs. Harry Carlton,
is enjoying life again this season. Mr. and
Mrs. Felton Taylor were to hava entertained
this' club this ' evening, but as "they were com
pelled to be out of town for a few days tha
meeting was postponed until next Friday.
.Th« Vernon Club met last night at the resi
dence, of Mr. and Mrs. M. L.. Broadwell, on
Oakland avenue. Whist is the club game, the
highest scores last night being made by Mra.
de I><;[<n and Charles Skinner. The club in
cludest among its members Mr. and Mrs. M.
L. Broadwell, Mrs. Bashford, Mr. and Mrs.
de Leon. Mr. and Mrs. Merguire. Mr. and
Mrs. flfirry Parrott. Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Saw
yer, Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Shankland. Charles
Skinner^ Mr. and Mrs. II. Whitehead.
The Neighborhood, and the Piedmont Whist
are two ether old timers In the card-club world
that "are Just as young as they used to be,"
and really the -members of these two clubs
seem to riave a better time than any of th*
others. - Mi s. W. E. Sharon is president of . the
Pledmopt Hub, which, as ona may Infer from
¦ Its name, is composed of neighbors out on the
Heights. , . -
. Mrs. CJiaries Snook will entertain the Neigh
borhood' Club next Thursday evening.
OAKLAND, Oct. 14. — The 'card clubs are In
full blast again. The old ones have been dug
up from among the mothballs and aired for
the winter, while dozens of new on«a spring
Into existence every day. Whist and flva
hundred continue to thrive on popular favor,
although one occasionally hears of some ona
courageous enough to Introduce six-handed
euchro. and the Monday Club, of which Mr«.
Charles Houghton Is president, proposes to
devote its meeting days to "bridge."
The Cosmos Is slow in Inaugurating Its
season this year, no • meeting having yet been
called. Mrs.. Sather, the president, will prob
ably gather her associates together early In
November.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
PLAY AT CARDS.
The case of W. F. Grove, who was
yesterday finally expelled from the
ministry by a unanimous verdict of
the conference, was finally closed to
day by Bishop Morrison, who said:
"There is but one law on the sub
ject of divorce, and that was laid
down by the Son of God himself and
I have no ruling to make on it."
The proposition to change the meet
ing place of the congregation was pre
sented to the annual conference this
morning by the Rev. C. F. Reid and
met the hearty approval of the dele
gates, and the board of missions was
authorized to complete the proposed
deal at once.
OAKLAND, Oct. 14. — The congre
gation of Asbury Methodist Church
is to change its meeting place
from its present location at Fifteenth
and Clay streets to the building for
merly occupi-ed by the Pljinouth-Ave
nue Congregational Church, which
has recently consolidated with the
Oak Chapel congregation. The church
on Clay street will be remodeled into
a' business block.
Asbury Methodists to Purchase For
mer Home of Plymouth-Avenue
Congregational Chapel.
WILL IIEMODEL CHURCH
INTO BUSINESS BLOCK
Judge W. W. Morrow .of the United
States Circuit Court, the Pacific Coast
representative of the Carnegie Insti
tution, also spoke, describing the scope
and workings of the institution. He
gave a short account of its origin, re
ferred to the 510,000,000 endowment
given by Carnegie and told of the many
and varied suggestlona received re
garding lines of research which corre
spondents proposed for investigation.
Flying machines, dyspepsia cures, can
cer cures, consumption cures and snake
bite cures were among the things de
sired by voluntary contributors of sug
gestions. Some of these ideas are fa
vored and will be made subjects of re
search. Judge Morrow said in part: .
The institution will not oppose any school
or university, hut we are -to assist these edu^
rational men engaged in exceptional employ
ment and help them perform their experiments.
Not enough has been done here for productive
scholarship. Germany . alone .has done much,
but we are behind, and the Carnegie In
stitution will seek to remedy this. There Is
promise of . much development and beneflclal
results for humanity. Science la now only
a search for beneflclal truths. In this great
effort we ftope the Carnegie . Institution will
be successful and beneficial.
For full three minutes this morning
the students of the University of Cali
fornia cheered President David Starr
Jordan of Stanford at the university
meeting In Harmon gymnasium. The
ovation began when President Jordan
rose to deliver an address on "College
Athletics." President Jordan was in
troduced by President Wheeler as the
"permanent full back of the Stanford
freshman team No- 2."
President Jordan remarked in reply
that he was also "first base on the fac
ulty baseball team at Stanford." He
then spoke of intercollegiate sport, in
part as follows:
Do good and work for your college the best
you can. Never disgrace your college. When
ever you go to a San Francisco saloon always
pive the Stanford yell If you want to cast
disc-race on ua.
Again I say, do ¦ nothing that will dis
grace the college; don't do what In Harvard
is called "muckerism." I have gone home
when. I had to be ashamed of college athletics.
It l.« not a good thing to celebrate a victory
by nlling up with alcohol. A right college
man not go Into a saloon to celebrate.
Such a man has no place among men or
among- college gentlemen. I will send from
Stanford any man who celebrates this way.
We also have men who come to college for
what is in - athletics. They come for induce
ments. They have done much to mar athletic
eports. and they ehould absolutely not be tol
erated. These men often get paid. They dis
grace the university. They should not be al
lowed to stay In college on a different status
from other people. We had better stop ath
letics in general if we have to tolerate such
things.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, Oct. 14.
tearly- In. tha. spring^ va intend to reconstruct
all onr '.lines . In 'Alameda, making .'our ¦ tracks
standard gauge.- and -capable of carrying the
best equipment' tttat -we are apvr using on our"
standard' gauge tra«fcs In Oakland and Berke
ley. = f .;.. '¦'.
We.- should have -considered this matter
sooner,'- but, felt that we would have discom
moded the t>eople of Alameda during the win
ter by reason of our not having standard gauge
tracks through East Oakland, and compel thenv
to transfer In traveling around thAt way. •.
. We have endeavored to give the people of
East Oakland better facilities for traveling,
and have made efforts to obtain franchises
through that section. We expect, in the n«ar
future, a solution *of the problem, and hop«
that it will be before the commencement of our
reconstruction work In Alameda, so that we
may make a continuous standard gauge track
through East Oakland, connecting with Ala
meda, and obviate the necessity of transferring
Alameda passengers traveling that way. If
your people will have patience for a little
while longrer they will surely be rewarded
by the best tracks and equipment In our sys
tem.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 14.— That the Oak
land Traction Consolidated means to
improve its local electric road and ser
vice * is J evidenced by a letter from
Secretary Samuel J. Taylor of the cor
poration to the West End Improvement
Association^ According to the com
jnjunication the work of reconstructing
the Alameda system will.' be started
earlyy inHhe comingr year. Folio-wing
a^e extracts' from. Mr. Taylor's letter:
The movement of silver dollars from
the treasury was a little over 541,000,000
and' the shipments for the current year
show an increase over last. Silver dol
lars to the amount of' 546,093,314 were
presented during the year at the treas
ury offices for exchange in other money.
An addition of 52,801,644 was made to
the subsidiary silver coin in circulation,
carrying the total up to -595,528,343.
Gold, of which 531,990,261 was In Jap
anese yen, 510,900,579 in other foreign
coins and 59,005,902 in ore, making al
together 551,796.743, was deposited in
the last fiscal year In San Francisco
for telegraphic exchange.
Since July 1, .1900. there has been a
growth of 5463,991.862 in the money In
circulation, or an annual average of
nearly $116,000,000. On October 1 the cir
culation reached . the maximum of
431.16 for each person.
In the current fiscal year the demand
for small bills, in spite of all previous
additions, has been unceasing. Ex
perience has made it clear that the
stock of small notes Is hardly suffi
cient. The department has employed
all its resources, but these are limited,
for the issue of silver certificates can
not exceed the silver dollars available
and the United States notes have a
volume fixed by law. The report says:
"This condition of things might be
remedied by Congress without inflating
the currency. First, the issue of gold
certificates of the denominations of $5
and 510 might be authorized. Secondly,
such certificates to the amount of 550.
000.000 might be substituted at once for
United States notes by the application
of that sum from the reserve. Thirdly,
the national banks might be permitted
to issue any part of their circulation in
55 notes by the repeal of the provision
allowing only one-third of the total is
sue of each institution in that denom
ination." -V-.'-
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.— Ellis H.
Roberts, Treasurer of the United
States, has submitted to Secretary
Shaw the annual report of the. trans
actions of the treasury during the fis
cal year ended June 30, 1904.
.The net ordinary revenues are shown
to have been $540,631,749, a decrease of
519,764,925, as compared with 1903, and
the net ordinary' expenditures . 5582,
402.321, an Increase of $76,303,311. In
the receipts the principal falling off
waa $23,206,017. in customs, while in
the disbursement* the important in
creases were 511,423,440 in commerce
and labor; S60,7SS,580 In the treasury
proper and 520,338,067 for j the - navy.
Unusual expenditures '* were 550,000,000
on account of the. Panama canal and
54,600.000 loaned to -the Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition Company, which -lat
ter has now been nearly all repaid. But
for these, the recorded deficiency of
541, 770,751 would have been changed to
a surplus of 512,829,428.
The operations affecting the public
debt exceeded tho3e of the preceding
year and amounting to 5699,660,941 in
receipts and 5638,924,579 In disburse
ments. The aggregate receipts for th«
year were therefore 51,240,292,690 and
the aggregate disbursements 51.221,326,
701. For the first three months of the
current fiscal year the revenues show
a falling off of 56,516,373 and the expen
ditures an increase of 518,073, 539.
The trust funds held for the redemp
tion of outstanding notes and certifi
cates amounted at the end of the year
to 5928,084.569. an increase of 585,015,700
in twelve months. By October 1 there
was a further increase to 11,014,779,969.
The redemption of United States notes
in gold amounted to 511.0S1.068 for the
year and those of treasury notes to
5474,128.
In consequence of the deficiency In
the revenues the cash in the offices of
the treasury and mints declined dur
ing the year from 5170,020,562 to 5137,-
G20.204, and by October 1 to 5125,964.-
SS8. The available balance, including
deposits in national banks and other
credits, was 5238,683.114 on June 30, 1903,
and 5151,414,162 on October 1, 1904. .
An addition of 5118,795,148 was made
during the year to the monetary stock
of the country, and another of 531,829,
599 in the following quarter. Of the
total increase 5110,804,469 was In gold.
The aggregate supply on October 1. ex
clusive of certificates, was estimated
at 52,83K.333,'i24, of which 52.662.149,489
was in circulation. The proportion of
gold was 47.66 per cent, as against 44.21
per cent July 1, 1900. The gain of gold
to the treasury in the same period was
$£8,033,233. Deposits of gold bullion
were received at the mints and assay
offices during the year to' the amount
of 5175,593,565. The actual gold coin in
circulation on October 1 is placed at
$641,844,563 in coin and 5436,512,139 in cer
tificates.
Erik O. LJndblom. thje Nome mil
lionaire, -was succesful to-day in having
eet aside* sale of realty under a Judg
ment rendered against him for a 5150
doctor bill. The property in question,
\alu*d at 115,000, is* situated at Dwight
way and Warring street, in Berkeley.
The Judgment was obtained against
him by; Dr. Carro B. Schofleld-Aldrich,
who rendered medical, services for
Lindblom!fi..wjfe. Jto_r which, it Is al
!<?gred, he refused to pay.
The suit is onethat has been pending:
for years, the services having been ren
dered in 1S97. Lindblom held that the
action was taken while he was In Alas
ka, and an examination of the pro
ceedings showed that the publication
of the -summons had been faulty. .The
?and was sold under the execution to
the Wellman-Robbins Mercantile Agen
cy for 5163 65. the amount of the judg
ment and costs. ,,-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.J
1016 Broadway. Oct. 14. j
Saturday morning. 10:80 o'clotfk-*Devo
tlonal services, Miss Ida May Egll, leader,
First Baptist Church. Oakland; minutes, of
Friday; unfinished business; solo. Mfn J.
GeeKt; election of officers and' executive 'com
mittee; music. • * "*\
Saturday afternoon, 2 o'clock — Devotfcual
service*. Mrs. Anna Irwin, Centennial Rre^ijy
terlan Church, FniitVale; five minute address
by leaders of circles; solo; consecration'ad
vice and installation of officers and executive
committee; adjournment.
Delegates from all parts of California
gathered : at Calvary baptist VChAicch,.
at Twelfth and Wes\ streets, this
morning to attend the opening .'sessiori
of the eighth annuaiVs^ate convention
of the King's Daugtijtels and <vi Sons,
which, began to-day and will continue'-'
until late to-morrow,'5f;lo[sing with the^
installation: of ;tlie"-6ffi«eii elected for*
the ensuing^ year. •'.'; . '¦ 'C"'vt ' ; ' • '- •'' : '"¦
The ; contention otfeheSl with -:ctevo- :
tional service,^conducted -.liy, Mrs.-'ft.-'. J. <
Robinsoh'of /San Franctec&tollowea by
an address of -welcome by&Irs. Matilda
Brown, State" secretary: Igt was i- re
sponded to by Mrs. J. (3, CJUrk of San
Francisco. -Mies Janet Hal&t then ex-,
tended the greetings of Oakland. v \
The rest of the morning session-was
devoted to the reading of t'h^ reports.
A letter from Mrs. Margaret Bottome,
international president, was ffeid. After
expressing her regret at not being able
to attend the convention Mrs.
said that the convention "should make
everything of Christ."
The afternoon was devoted to the
reading of the annual reports of circles
in various parts of the State. * Praise
service was held In the evening, during
which addresses-were made by ths Rev.
Dwipht E. Potter, Dr. E. R. Dilla and
the Rev. M. Slaughter.
Following is the programme for to
morrow:
Oakland Office Bkn Francsico Call.
. 1016 Broadway,' Oct. 14.
It is proposed to make the bill a gen
eral one In its provisions. After the
draft has been completed the Mer
chants' Exchange will call a special
meeting, to which citizens will be in
vfcted. Before the measure is presented
trae exchange will- hold a conference
wfith the members of the Alameda
County delegation to the Legislature.
'It is the purpose of the exchange to
mafte haste slowly that no false step
shall be taken at the outset of the cam
paign," said President Jonas.
The first steps toward a culmination
of plans for a consolidated city and
county of Oakland were taken to-day,
when Attorney Cary Howard was di
rected to prepare a bill for the next
Legislature providing for the division
of a county where a majority of the
voters favor such a course. The pro
posed act will permit the calling of an
election on county division upon peti
tion of a certain number of voters.
This move was made by A. Jonas,
president of the Merchants' Exchange;
Wilbur Walker, secretary, and J. F. W.
Sonet, who are the consolidation com
mittee of the exchange. The committee
held a conference this morning with
Mayor Warren Olney, after which At
torney Howard was authorized to pro
ceed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 14.
Attorney Howard to Make a
Draft of Measure Which
Will Be Freely Discussed
Excluding the Canal Money
and Loan to the Fair
the Result Is a Surplus
Land Valued at $15 ; 000 Sold
to Satisfy the Claim
Is Returned to Him
tional President of > Oiv
der, Sends fetter of Cheer
Marga ret Bat t omeT Interna-
Blue and Gold Supporters
Extend Royal Greeting to
Cardinal's; Representative
Secretary ; of Corporation
! Writes That 'System Will
iBe Rebuilt Next Spring
CONFERS WITH MAYOR
GREAT GROWTH SHOW
RECOVERS HIS- REALTY
TAYLOR SENDS
RECEIVES AX OVATION
FIGURES SHOW DEFICIT
Jferch ants' Exchange Calls
for the Preparation of a
Legislative Enabling Act
Treasurer of United States
Gives the Finances of
Nation for Past Year
Millionaire Succeeds in
Having Judgment for
Doctor's Bill . Set Aside
Oakland Traction Company
¦ ! Outlines Plan to Better
¦ Service in Island City
President Jordan Exhorts
California Men to Rule
"Muckerism" Out of Sport
SHERIFF IS ORDERED TO
LEVY ON SITRO'S PROPERTY
Judge Hebbard Issues Mandate to En*
force the Payment of Long
Overdue Alimony.
Judge Hebbard yesterday ordered the
Sheriff to levy on the property of Ed
gar B. Sutro In this city for the collec
tion of $550 said to be due his wife as
unpaid alimony under the order of tha
court made on March 6, 1903, and ter
minated October 16 of the same year.
A tew days ago Sutro sued his wife,
Henrietta, for divorce in Multnomah
County. Oregon. He lives in Portland.
In July, 1902. Mrs. Sutro was the plain
tiff in a suit charging her husband with
infidelity, a Mrs. Merrill being named
as co-respondent. She was given $150
alimony pending the litigation, but
failed to get the divorce, as the action
was barred on account of the delay in
beginning it. Sutro filed a cross-coin*
plaint, charging desertion, but it was
thrown out of court because he was not
a resident of this State.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Troutt to Fannie H. Backerly
from James T. Beckerly for desertion
and neglect, and to Elizabeth II. Folaa
from Lee E. Foise for cruelty.
Suits for divorce were filed by Au
gusta C. Epeneter against Charles F.
Epenefcer, intemperance and cruelty;
Marie Savage against George F. Sav
age, desertion; Clara L. "Wilmarth
against Charles T. "Wilmarth, deser
tion; Sylvia A. Martin against Louli
E. Martin, desertion, and H. S. Hollo
way against Mary Holloway. desertion.
FIRE COMMISSIONER
AFTER SCPER VISORS
The finance committee of the Board
of Supervisors came in for another
scoring by Commissioner Parry yes
terday afternoon. The cause of Par
ry's outburst was a suggestion from
the Supervisors that certain bills for
beds supplied to the firehouses and
for extra fire badges would be allowed
this time, providing the Fire Commis
sioners should promise to obey the
law in the future. Parry said that the
Fire Commissioners were not respon
sible to the "bunch of old hens" as he
called them.
Some time ago the Fire Commis
sioners awarded contracts for sup
plies, the cost of which exceeded in the
aggregate $250. the limit set by the
charter for such expenditure*.
The matter was referred to the City
Attorney for an oplnon as to the Su
pervisors* right to interfere with th«
contract supply bills of the Fire Board.
The charter provides for 225 fire
badges. This number excluded those
allowed to underwriters and outside
companies. The Commissioners decid
ed'to call in these extra badges and"
issue 100 more so that all fire badges
should be alike. The bills for the ex
tra hundred "have been held 'up by the
Supervisors.
The question of interfering with the
new underground fire alarm system by
attaching the auxiliary boxes is in the
hands of Chief Hewitt and will be up
for consideration at the meeting of th*
Board of Electricity.
CONSIDER LICENSE
TAX ON DANCE ILVLIiS
Proprietors of several local halla
appeared before the Supervisors' Joint
Committee on Judiciary and Licens*
yesterday to protest against the exist
ing ordinance imposing a license of
$75 per quarter. Supervisor Hocks
argued against the license, saying it
would affect fraternal and beneficial
organizations. Supervisor Rea thought
the license Just, in view of the fact
that liquors are sold to minors, whose
morals are endangered.
Supervisor Lunstedt said he had
consulted with Chief of Police TVttt
man and It was agreed that the or
dinance ought to be bo modified as to
exempt fraternal halls and apply only
to dance halls with saloons attached,
such as exist on the B.-u-bary Coast.
The dance hall owners, represented
by Archie Campbell, protested that
the ordinance was in conflict with th»
charter, which prohibits_ the exaction
of a second license. They already p*ar
a liquor license.
The committee directed the cleric.
In conjunction with the Chief of Po
lice, to prepare an ordinance impos
ing a license on saloon dance halls
only, but excepting fraternal dance
halls from its provisions. . '.*
State Officers of King's
Daughters and 'Sons Meet
in Amtual Convention
WILL IMPROVE
ALAMEDA LINE
GIVES ADVICE
ON ATHLETICS
LINDBLOM MAY
FIGHT PAYMENT
MOVES TOWARD
CONSOLIDATION
READ REPORTS
OF ONE YEAR
ROBERTS MAKES
ANNUAL REPORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL L\
ALAMEDA COUNTY
• OARIiAXD.
1016 B roadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1433 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 659.
' 'FREE;; FREE ¦ FREE.
LUNCH—DINNER— TEA.
— a — CREPE PAPER —
v ' " " SETS
.;• X — Consisting of
/TABLE CLOTH,
•-I2 NAPKINS,
fv v ,12 DOILIES.
, As a Table Ornament Nothing
,J.. Could Be More Desirable
¦ r ; ;- or Serviceable. .. .
'.'¦ -' A SET. FREE
; .;' ! \ WITH WANT ADS. .
IN THE SUNDAY CALL. -
£; See announcement on classi-
fied page.
ADVERTISEMENTS. V"
Aching Teeth
Delay Business
As a matter of fact, however, teeth
never ache — it -is the nerves. Never
mind, call it what you like, w» can euro
It. We will save the achers if possible.
That is. if you wish. Or will extract
them without pain. Fine dental woric
for little money.
Gold riUlnffj. .31. 00' Silver TUlixiffs SOo
Oold Ciowes. .S3.00; Porcelain CrownV. S3
Post-6radoaje Dental College,
3 TA-YIiOB ST.. SAN PBA3I CISCO.
'- 973 Was&inrton SU, Oakland. .
Saa Jost. - • .- . SMnmatD.Notice to Passengers.
Baggage transferred to and from all trains.
steamers, etc., at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 33 cents; round trip 60 cents. Mortoa
bpedal Delivery, 308 Taylor St.. 830 Market
St.. Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 40*
House Is a Misfit.
It is only in big cities that an eighth
of an inch causes trouble over prop
erty between neighbors. A suit for
$536 damages* was begun yesterday by
Rebecca G. White against Anna Gaff
ney, who lives at 704 Eighteenth
street. Mrs. "White complains that
Mrs. Gaffney's house projects from an
eighth of an inch to an inch upo.i her
vacant lot. Two months ago Mrs.
White moved a house from a distant
part of town, intending to place it
upon the lot, because of thj en
croachment of the Gaffney domicile
the house does not fit the rest of the
twenty- five foot lot. .' : >;-' :
Sleeping Car Service to Dunsmnir.
Commencing October 18. sleeping car now
running to Slsson will terminate at Duns
mulr. •
STORM IS OF SMALL SIZE.— The storm
which visited San Francisco yesterday was
of small size and moderate severity. The dis
turbance reached the Washington coast late
Thursday night and traveled rapidly south
ward. Last evening the storm had passed over
Into Nevada. The winds everywhere were
light. The greatest rainfall was at Eureka,
and amounted to .70 of an Inch. In this city
the precipitation was .28 of an Inch up to 8
p. m. Forecaster Wlllson predicts showers
to-day in the section of the State north of the
Tehacharl. ; ...-.-
Everything: for an enjoyable evening
at home; playing cards, card tables,
prizes, tally cards, whist sets, game sets.
Bicycle and Congress playing cards. No
sucti an assortment elsewhere. Sanborn,
Vail & Co. •
Card Parties.
Judge Coffey yesterday declined to
grant the petition of Mrs. Anais Hale
for $6700 extra compensation as ad
ministratrix of the estate of Joseph P.
Hale. Mrs. Hale paid out of her own
pocket a judgment for $5000 against
the . estate for damages for Injuries
sustained by a woman who fell down
the elevator shaft of the Supreme
Court building. The court held this
payment a personal matter. Hereto
fore it was shown that Mrs. Hale and
Mrs. Josephine Boyle, Hale's daugh
ter, bought up claims against the es
tate under their face value. This was
contrary to law and the court would
not allow the claims. Judge Coffey
allowed A. E>. Keyes a fee of $10,000
for services as attorney to the estate.
The matter of extra compensation was
opposed by Attorney Matt Sullivan on
behalf of Ann F. Wright, one of the
heirs.
No Extra Compensation.
Rev. James M. Gray, D. D., of New
Ycrk, one of the most noted Bible
students in the world, will arrive In
this city to-night to deliver a series
of Bible talks under the auspices of
the Presbyterian church. Dr. Gray
has been touring the Northwest, deliv
ering lectures at the most important
towns and cities.
Dr. Gray will deliver his first lec
tures on Monday and Tuesday at the
"Westminster Presbyterian Church. He
will also speak at the San Anselmo
Seminary, on Tuesday and "Wednesday.
After leaving this city he will go to
Los Angeles and other cities of the
State.
Rev. James M. Gray of New York Will
Be Heard in Tills City and
San Anselmo.
RENOWNED BIBLE STUDENT
COMING HERE TO LECTURE
Pomona,' hence "Oct 13; U S stmr Madrona,
from Point Arena lighthouse.
Arrived Oct 14— Schr Antelope, hence Oct 8.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 12— Schr Roy
Somers, for San Francisco. Oct 13 — Stmr Cen
tralia. for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 12 — Schr Repeat, hence Oct t.
Oct 13— Schr Allen A. hence Oct 9.
Arrived Oct 14— Schr Volant, hence Sept 30.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Oct 13.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Oct 14 — Ger ship
Barmbek. from Santa Rcsala. - ¦
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr
State of California, hence Oct 13, and sailed
for San Diero.
Arrived Oot 14— Stmr Coos Bay, and sailed
for Spn Francisco. . •
TATOOSH— Passed In Oct 14— Stmr City of
Puebla. hence Oct 12 for Victoria and Seattle:
Br ship Lindflpld, hence Oct 2 for Royal
Roads.
Passed out Oct 14 — Chll bark Ciirzon. from
Port TownsNid, for west coast South America.
PORT H A RFORD— Sailed Oct 14— Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San' Pedro. •
BALLARD— Arrived Oct 10— Schr Prosper,
from San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct 14— Schr James
H Bruce. *or San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 14— Sehr Resolute,
for Bellinzham. • ¦
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 14— Schr Melanc
thon. for Coos Bay: schr Webfoot. for Coos
Bay.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 14— Btmr Ala
meda, hence Oct 8; ttmr Enterprise, hence
Oct 2; ship Marlon Chilcott. hence Oct 2, in
tow of stmr Enterprise.
Sailed Oct 14 — Ger bark Paul Isenberg,
for .
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Oct 13— Ship
Bangalore, from Kahulul.
REEDY ISLAND— Passed up Oct 13— Br
stmr Anzlo Canadian, from Junln, for Balti
more.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Ameri
can, from Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALCUTTA — Arrived Oct 2 — Br stmr Am
berton. from Norfolk. Va.
BARRY— Sailed Oct 12— Br stmr Heathbank,
for Manila.
GENOA— Sailed Oct 11— Span stmr Isla de
Luzon, for Manila.
DUNGENESS — Pased Oct 12— Ger bark Tl
tania. from Leith, for Honolulu.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 12— Br stmr Athe
nian, for Vancouver..
FAI.MOUTH— Arrived Oct 14 — Br stmr
Hrathbank, from Barry, for Manila.
MOJI— Sailed Oct 14 — Stmr M S Dollar, for
Kutchlnotzu. ¦ •
MAZATLAN— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 14— Stmr Cedric.
for Liverpool.
Arrived Oct 14 — Stmr La Touralne. from
Havre: stmr Lucanla, from Liverpool and
Queenstown.
NAPLES — Arrived previous to Oct 11— Stmr
Pannonla, from New York, for Flume and
Trieste.
LIVERPOOL—Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Syl
vania, from Boston. Oct 14 — Stmr Georgic,
from New York: stmrs Carpathla and Baltic,
from New York.
Sailed Oct 13 — Stmr Michigan, for Boston
Oct 14 — Stmr Baltic, for New York, via
Queenstown.
DOVER— Sailed Oct 14 — 8tmr Deutscbland,
from Hamburg, for New York, via Cherbourg.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 14— 8tmr Cretic.
from Liverpool, for Boston.
Arrived Oct 14 — Stmr Campania, from New-
York.
SHIELDS — Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Mannheim,
from Hamburg, for New York."
MOVILLE^ — Sailed Oct 14 — Stmr Ionian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal. .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Frled
erich der Grosse, from New York, for Cher
bourg and Bremen, and proceeded
MARSEILLES— Sailed Oct 18— Stmr Al
geria, for New York; stmr Germanla, for New
York.
•FONTA DEL GADA— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr
Canopic. from Boston, for Gibraltar, Naples
and Genoa."
FLOW OF RIVERS.
The following tabl« gives a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic f«et per
second, or second feet. The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by W. B. Clapp,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
?TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA ORANGE.
Second Feet.
DATE. .—____
1903. 190J.
October 2 30 2230
October 3 26 1705
October 4 3 1510
October 5 7 1.370
October 6 27 1410
October 7 17 3370
October 8 * 27 3440 .
•This report Includes water taken out of
Tuolumne River and Turlock canal.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT RED BLUFF.
Second Feet.
DATE.
' 1903. 1001.
October 2 5220 6244
October 8.." 6220 6360
October 4 5220 6292
October 6 6220 6268
October 6 • ••• 6220 6220
October 7 6220 A512
October 8 0220' 7276
TULE RIVER AT PORTERVILLE.
. . Second Feet."
DATE.
¦ " . 1903. 1904.
October 2........ ."..'.*. 18 30
October 8.. 18 30
October 4 19 30
October 0 • ' 18 30
October 8 ......... .18 . 132
October .7 18 .; 70
October 8.........' . ; 18 48
KINGS RIVER AT SANGER.
Second Feet.
: DATE. . : _
• 1903. - 1904.
Octobers...: 240- 1830
October 3 240 1830 .
October 4. 280 1930
October's.... .............. ; 210. 2080
October 6.. -240' •'¦ 2840
October -7.. a 240 ; f 2570 .
October ,'|. ;.*;.'.".'.:. .'..':*.'... '• 210 -* 8270 -
Attorneys E. S. Pillsbury and W. F.
Williamson, representing the execu
tors of Bertha M. Dolbeer's will, yes
terday filed notice of their application
for an order for the taking of six
more depositions In New York City for
use in the coming trial. The persons
whose testimony is desired are Wil
liam B. Leonard, Jennie H. Leonard.
Mrs. Ethel Postley, Julius. A. Shaw,
J. Stanley Foster and Elsie A. Me-
Clurg.
At Mr. Plllsbury's request on Fri
day Judge Coffey shortened the time
for notice of the application to one
day, and it will be heard this morn
ing. The Judge said he wished to
expedite matters because he would
have 200 citizens on hand on Novem
ber 2 for examination as jurors. He
thinks it will be difficult to secure a
Jury on account of the publicity given
to the contest.
Attorneys for Executors Give Xamcs
of New York Witnesses Who
Will Be Examined.
SIX MORE DEPOSITIONS
FOR DOLBEER WILL CASE
WEATHER REPORT.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 14 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem-
F*-ratures are reported for previous day from
Kastern stations:
Boston 46-3S New York 50-42
Cincinnati 56-44 Philadelphia 52-W
Chicago 5H-42 Plttsburg 00-40
Jacksonville 7«-<>2jSt. Louis 64-40
New Orleans . . .S2-15S I Washington 54-42
SAN FRANCISCO 60-54
The following are the. seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last season and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Last 2i This Last
Stations — hours, season, reason.
Eureka 70 3.9S 3.25
Fresno 00 4. OS .00
Independence 00 .47 .42
Los Ann-eles 0<> 1.12 .43
Red Bluff ."<> 8.25 .4«
Sacramento 0« 5.47 .12
San Francisco 2rt 7.45 .17
San Luis Obispo 00 4.44 .02
San Diego 00 .16 .07
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 15.
Pun rifep JJ:JS
Sun sets ,..>:3l
Moon pets 11:04 i>. m.
B I Time ITlme| |T!me Time
» . Ft. I- 1 Ft. I ! Ft. Ft.
• |H W !l W! JH W L. W
15 "PTl 4~V10:0O| 3^21 3:59 4.6; 11:00 0.4
16 «:15 4.6:11:20 3.2(5:17 4.5
L W lH W !L W H W
17 0:00 0.C 7:15 4.6112:40 3.1 6:18 4.3
18 0:52 OR 8:02 4.9: 1:38 2.7 7:27 4.2
19 l:42| 1.0 S:41 5.o| 2:28 2.2 8:26 4.2
•>0 "271 1.2! 9:1R 5.2 3:0ft 1.9 9:19. 4.4
21 | 3:05! l.r.l 9:48| 5.1 3:47| 1.5!10:06| 4.ti
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, ad
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
slg-n precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is jhe mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
THE PfTCH SHIP EUROPA FROM ANTWERP AND THE AMERICAN BARK ARCHER FROM HONOLULU ENTERING THE
HARBOR I'NDER Fl"LL SAIL. WITH A FAIR WIND BLOWING DEAD IN THROUGH THE GOLDEN GATE THE VES
SELS DISPENSED WITH THE USE OF TOWBOATS.
The big Dat« h s-hip T^uropa, 1C6 days
from Antwerp, sailed into port yester
day morning. With th<? fair wind blow
ing dead into the Golden Gate, Captain
Bona did not rind it necessary to take
?. t'.ig. Captain Lancaster of the bark
Archer, from Honolulu. evidently
thought so. too. as he kept sail on and
•slipped into the harbor before the
breeze. The two vessels made a pretty
scene as they came up the bay, for
r.othirg on the sea or of the sea can
rival the picture of a ship under full
sail.
The Eumpa received the usual dona
tions of Etorma and fair weather dur
ing her voyage, the last occasionally
and the first in allopathic doses, es
pecially around the Horn. Coming up
the Pacific she experienced strong
westerly gales. The vessel called in at
VaJparais-o for fresh water, and to put
ashore the carpenter, who was afflicted
with consumption an<l not able to pro
ceed further on the \oyage.
The Archer was 22 tlays coming from
Honolulu, and brought up 1*2,089 bags
of sugar. In latitude 37.43 north and
lonpitude 131.10 west an unknown bark
was sighted steering east, evidently
try in? to make this port. She had lost
her main topgallantmast and had the
other appearances of having: received
rough usase. The position would put
her T2 minutes north of San Francisco
and S degrees 40 minutes west, or some
thing over o'.'O miles away. Among .the
t twenty-seven barks » hich are headed
for this port, and whose present exact
localities are unknown, though several
Fhtuild he within 50ft miles of San Fran
r-isc-o, it cannot be said just what bark
is steering this way with her main top
gallantmast gone.
Ifctrkcmlne Addenda Ashore.
The barktntine Addenda, belonging to this
pert, is r^ijorted to be ashore at Pallister Bay.
about thirty-five miles routheast of Welling
ton, New Zealand. She was bound from Lyt
tleton to Newcastle. Australia, ami stranded
In fogey weather. No details have betn re
ceived at the Merchant?" Exchange and it Is
not known whether any of her people are lost
or not.
The Addenda, owned by the Simpson Lum
ber <."ompany of San Francisco, left this port
April IS bound Cor North Bend, where she
1'iartt-i liin-.iT '.or New Zealand. She 1? com
mandf.l by Captain H. F. Astrup. a careful
and experienced seaman. With her four masts
and spreading an enormous number of yards
of canvas* s^if was a handsome vessel of G92
ton? burden. ?he was built in 1S3.". at North
H'ni. •
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. 1 D"e.
City Peking. . I New York via Ancon. Oct. 13
Coos Bay ' San Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 15
Argo Eel Rive r Ports Oct. 15
Meteor Seattle Oct. 16
Centralla i Grayo Harbor Oct. 16
Elizabeth I Coqullle River Oct. 16
G. W. Elder.. 'Portland & Astoria Oct. 18
Breakwater... Coos Bay Oct. 16
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 16
Ammon Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 16
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 17
Sta.. of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 17
Pomona j Humboldt Oct. 17
Chlco Coqullle River |Oct. 17
Del Norte Crescent City lOct. 17
W. Kruger Humboldt Oct. 17
O Dollar Grays Harbor (Oct. 1<<
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.lOct. 18
Queen Puget Sound Ports. .. .lOct. 18
Porno I Point Arena & Albion.. lOct. 18
Eureka Humboldt lOct. IS
S Barbara Ran Pedro |Oct. 19
San Jose New York via Ancon.. Oct. 19
Aurella Portland & Astoria Oct. 19
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 19
Arcata I Cooe Bay & Pt. OrfordlOct. 19
Corona Humboldt jOct. 20
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Oct. 20
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 21
8. Dollar Yokohama !Oct. 21
City Puebla. . . "Pueet Sound Ports....lOo.t. 23
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma (Oct. 25
Alameda Honolulu lOct. 25
Doric China 4: Japan I Oct. 25
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
October 15.
J. Higgins.. Los Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 2
laqua Astoria & Portland 10 am Pier 2
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor •. . Pier —
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Homer Los Angeles Ports. 9 amlPler 2
Eureka Humboldt 0 am|Pler 13
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pmjPier 2
Newport ' X. Y. via Ancon. 12 mlPler 40
San Pedro.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Sequoia.... WUlapa Harbor 12 m Pier 20
October 16.
Centralla... Los Angeles Port*. 10 am Pier 10
Corona Humboldt l:30pPier 9
S Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
j October 17. : I
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Umatilla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Xrgo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
October 18.
Elizabeth.. Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 20
Rainier. . . . Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.... 5 pm Pier 8
October 19.
Axner. Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Arctic Humboldt ;.. 9 am Pier 2
8. Barbara.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Chlco Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPier 8
October 20.
: Northland.. Astoria & Portland :. Pier —
Ventura. . . . Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Marlposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Nlcarla Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 20
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 6 pm Pier 16
Pomo J Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 31..
G. Dollar. . • Griys Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. S pm Pier 20
October 32.
Donlta Newport It. Way... 9 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City Peking. K. Y. %"la Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Aurella Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
October 24. j
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 25. | I
China China & Japan 1 pmlPIer 40
Algoa . . . ... China & Japan |pie- r 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. j Destination. Sail*
Jefferson I Skagway * Way Ports. Oct. IS
Santa Ana | 8eldovia & Way Ports. Oct. 16
Humboldt.... I Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 18
From the Yukon River.
Philip McAndrews haw returned from the far
north, where he h&s.bw-n running mail boats
on the Yukon River. He left here some time
ugo. taking with him two gaaoline launches to
be used by the mail carriers on that stream
when the rivc r l*rirae too lr.w for the large
fteaniers. The little boats draw only eighteen
lin-he-y of water when loaded and their use
and efficiency in those shallow waters cannot
be equaled. With strong engines, they charge
th«- raj'ids and circle the sandbars with per
fect e*ee and they make mall transportation
Ut«-« n St. Michaels and the stations ujt the
*rr*-*it river a task of no difficulty.
on his last trip down the Yukon McAndrews
was < aught by the i>~e and had to leave the
launch. The remainder of the Journey was
ir.ade with dog team and sled. The winter
has closed In unuEual'.y early this season and
a!) Cpper Alaska is probably now under her
casing of ice and «now.
COAST RECORD.
a e g o oo >o
§ 2R SE af *g I
3 E3 33 2*'^
STATIONS. I 1 1 1 1 |§ |" I
MM i "¦¦?
Baker 29.78 64 42 SE Cloudy ; .00
Carson 29. «6 64 34 W Clear -.00
Eureka. 30.02 50 52 SE Cloudy .70
Fresno 29.iHS 72 50 N Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff 29.9S 68 22 SW Clear .00
Pccatello 2!>.W? 64 40 SE Clear .00
Independence 29.74 74 46 SE Clear .IK)
Los Angeles .29.88 82 58 SW Clear .00
Mt-Tamalpals 30.01 S3 48 NW Cloudy .23
Phoenix 2!). SO »0 50 W Clear .00
Pcrtland 2!>.SS 50 52 SE Rain .00
Red Bluff ...2».»4 68 50 SE Cloudy .36
Roseburg 20.1)2 56 50 W Rain .38
Sacramento ..29.06 64 52 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.84 70 42 SE Clear .00
San Francisco.10.04 60 54 W Pt.Cldy .26
S. L. Obispo..30.00 70 50 W Clear .00
San Diego ...29.88 80 60 NW Clear .00
Seattle 2».92 54 46 N Rain .O7
Spokane 29.SJJ «<i 40 E Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 29. W) 50 50 NE Clear .48
Walla Walla. .29. 82 02 42 W Pt.Cldy .00
Winnemucca .29.74 68 38 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Yuma 29.80 90 54 SE Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm oft* the Washington coast last
night has moved rapidly southeastward and
to-night overlies Nevada, Light rain has fall
en from San Francisco northward through
Northern California and the western portions
of Oregon and Washington.
High westerly winds are reported from Ne
vada.
The temperature has fallen from 6 to 14
degrees along the coast.
Unsettled weather prevails over Northern
California and scattered light showers are
probable Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight, October 15:
Northern California — ProbaWy showers Sat
urday; light west wind.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; light
west wind.
Nevada — Probably showers Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Probably show
ers Saturday; light west wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
light west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity— Probably showers
Saturday.
Fresno and vicinity — Probably showers Sat
urday. G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster,
Temporarily In Charge.
+ i.
United Elates Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to Saa Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. .
NOTE— The high and- low waters, occur at
tLr city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
Sun, Moon and Tide
w'e'rTc'rrS 2 - " "» te to <*««*
TS? / tea J ner , Clty of Puebla. which sailed
on Wedn«*i*y for Victoria, carried in assorted
cargo consigned to the principal British SiuTm
SSwtS? valued " ' 14 -"° £.
4J»0 pi:** fresh fruits. 34 pkgs fresh vcret
able*. 4<KK) lbs dried fruit. 420 lbY raiJlns
I2.4SS lbs malt, 4.%0 lbs hops. 17 pkgs nut?
745 1b. ? rl«il fiph. 2Z1D .£ meaK i.% ibi
coftVc. 25 cs whisky. 123 rals wine <-i/i !£
chocolate. 10 cs salad oil. 4.3 c, canned rooi.
JO cs table preparations. 5 bbls vinegfr 26
pkpn groceries tnd proi-Ulone. 1M.1S0 Jbs' oil
l*ad 41 pk«* nail, and spikes, 13.500 n>s
asphaltum. t> cs arms and ammunition. 61
pkgs paper, 4 bbls acid. 34.100 lbs axle grease
15 roll* roofing, 11 pkg f electrical supplies S
pl:gs machinery. «"«=¦. o
Merchandise for the North.
The German ship Barm be k Is chartered for
lumber from Puget Sound to CorkTu K at
C5s <chartrrod prior to arrival): British »hlps
Crown i of Germany and Poltalloch, same busi
uiSe STcTS? Soun(1 10 Uelboura « ° r a <j«-
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merrfuints.
NEWS OF TirE OOEAX.
Llndal M. Gray, local manager of the Kos
xnos line of steamers. Is back from bis Eastern
vacation.
The Part/lc Mail steamship Newport sails to
day for Panama and the City of Peking 1« due
from the same port.
The steamer Nlcarla arrived yesterday, sev
enty-six hours from Everett. She Is bound
for Hamburg and put In to this port to finish
loading.
The transport Logan is due here from the
Orient to-morrow. As she had a case of
eir-allpox on board at Honolulu. Jt Is likely
«be win be taken to th« quarantine station
and fumigated after the passengers have been
landed.
It has been reported that the British steam
er Elackheath ha* put In to Bahla with her
cargo shifted by rough weather. The vessel
lc bound from Manila to Glasgow.
Occasionally there is a famine In the coal
line on the front, but at present there appears
to be a least. The big collier Mackinaw from
Ticcrr.a.. being unable to unload her cargo for
lack of empty bunkers at the foot of Broad
way, had to pull out Into the bay yesterday
and wait her chance.
Jos»r*i Terrien, a crazy drunken sailor on
the French ehlp Guerveur at Howard wharf
No. 1. attempted yesterday morning to de
•troy the vessel. He started in at the deck
houses and «*1<J he would next Jerk the masts
out. then rip up the decks, and so on till there
v.as only the gangplank left, and on that he
would walk ashore. He got the windows out
of the c&ptaJn's cabin and was making good
headway jn his work of destruction when the
offlwn of the ship landed on him with several
belaying pins and a. pair of handcuffs He
fought a stiff fight before he was subdued. He
was removed to the Harbor police station and
locked up.
Water Front Notes.
Surgeon Auveda of the Chilean cruiser Gen
eral Baquedano. with the hospital squad of
the vessel, yesterday took Josl Leiva, the
sailor who was found in a room Thursday
norcing en Montgomery avenue suffering with
car posonlas. back to his ship. The surgeon
vi*lted the man several times Thursday after
noon ar.d assisted the Furgeons at the Harbor
-'.-:::.:. in their efforts to save the sailor' 6
life. He is conscious, though very weak, and
the Injury to his lungs may cause pneumonia
or some kindred disease that will be fatal.
H* chances of life are few.
Taken Aboard His Ship.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
October 14. 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building «u dropped exactly at noon to-day —
t e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
8 P 'm Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, Oct. 14.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rodgers. .
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. 18 hours from
Mendoclno. via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Corcna, Gtelow, 21 hours. from Eureka,
Stmr Rainier. - Hansen. CO • hours from > Bel
linrham. - , ' . ' -.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, - 18 - hours : from : Mon
terey, etc.
Ger itmr Nlcarla. Bouchard, 76 hour* from
Everett; bound for Hamburg; put In to flnlth
loading.
Slmr Homer, Donaldson. 28 hour* from
Eureka; bound for San Pedro; called In for
Slmr South Coast; Olsen, 16 hour* from
Caspar.
Stmr Pasadena, Hendrlckson. 80 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr B««. Wehman, S3 hours from Alcatraz
Landing.
Dutch ship Burooa, Bona, 166 days from
Antwerp, via Valparaiso 60 days.
Bktn Archer. Lancaster. 22 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Conflanza, Johnson, 15 hours from
Notleys Landing
CLEARED.
SAILED. • '<•'*. ;.'
Friday. Oct. 14.
Friday. Oct 14.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Nor stmr Tltanla, Foyn, Nanalmo: Western
Fuel Company.
Br ship Durbridje, Wannell. Astoria; Ueyer,
Wilson ic Co.
Fr bark Alice Tlnsler, Plum, New Cale
donia: Roth. Blum & Co.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr F A KHburn, Thompson, Port Rodgerg.
Stmr Maggie, Ea«Ies, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Bonlta, Klcolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Arcata. Macgenn, Cooa Bay.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. San Pedro.
Stmr Newburg. - Andftndsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Olympic,' Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Asuncion. Brlderett, .
Nor itmr Tltanla, Foyn. Nanaimo.
Schr John F Miller, Huhs. Tillamock.
¦ Schr Ruby, Korth, Coqullle River.
TELEGRA PHIC. : / • y
POINT LOBOS, Oct 14, 10 d m— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity- 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
KILLISNOO — Arrived Oct 10 — Bktn Hawaii,
from Kahulul.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 14— Bktn
Kllkltat. hence Sept 20.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 13— Schr Ethel Zane,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 14 — Stmr Despatch, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Oct 14 — Br ship Glaucus, from San
Diego; schr William Renton, from Redondo.
Sailed- Oct 14 — Stmrs Geo W Elder. Fulton,
Despatch, Acme, Aberdeen and Alliance, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 14 — Stmr Dolphin,
for Skasrway.
Arrived Oct 14 — Stmr Norwood, hence Oct 10
POINT IX3BOS— Passed Oct 14, 11 a m—^
Stmr Melville Dollar, from = Han Pedro. • for
Mukllteo. --..-, . . .. :
EUREKA — Arrived Oct 1 14-^Stmr . Phoenix,
hence Oct 12; stmr Arctic, hence Oct 12; stmr
The entire document constitutes an
excellent voluntary advertisement of
Californlan methods and gives an ade
quate idea of results. Texas farmers
are urged by their committee to take
a lesson from Calfornia and to adopt
irrigation as a powerful auxiliary to
successful agriculture and horticul
ture.
The Texas committee reported In
detail concerning the treatment for
insect pests, the canning and evapo
rating of fruit, the irrigation systems
of this State and the sale and distri
bution of California's fruits and vege
tables. Throughout the long report
there is praise for the farmers of this
State.
A report has been submitted by a
committee of the Texas Fruit and
Truck Growers' Association of Texas
that recently made a visit to Califor
nia to investigate the agricultural
methods of this State. An advance
copy of this report has been received.
It says In Dart:
In cultivation. Callfornlans excel, and It is
worth a trip to that distant land to any grower
who delights in beholding orchards, fields and
Sird.-n* In the most perfect state of cultiva
tion. No weeds, no waste spots, no neglected
comers appear, but everywhere good tillage
Is manifested and all the rapabilitlas of the
soil -»re employed to produce the crop. We
were Impressed. In beholding these cultivated
flejds. that we should reduce our acreage
where necessary and cultivate smaller areas
better and. thereby get much better results.
The Callfornlans leave nothing undone. They
spare no pains to make their products as at
tractive an possible. Their packing is of the
very test and a model for growers everywhere.
Business men from three States—Cal
ifornia, Washington and Oregon — as
.sembled in this city yesterday as mem
bers of the executive committee of the
Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Manufac
turers' Association to elect officers to
serve during the current year and to
transact other business. The associa
tion includes 200 leading business houses
of the Pacific Coast. It is interested
largely with matters relating to rail
way and water transportation, Its pur
pose being to protect the commercial
welfare of business men in the Pacific
Coast States and to guard the trade
territory against the aggressions of
those outsiders who strive to build up
at the expense of the coast.
This was the first meeting of the
newly elected executive committee since
Its recent selection. In the committee
are included H. D. Loveland of the Pa
cific Traffic Commercial Association,
Charles Holbrook of Holbrook, Merrill
& Stetson of this city, Wakefleld Baker
of Baker & Hamilton, Brace Hayden of
the Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden Com
pany, W. R; Wheeler of Holbrook, Mer
rill & Stetson, Adolph Mack of Mack
& Co., A. C. Rulofson, E. R. Lillenthal
of Lllienthal & Co., H. J. Morton of the
Pacific Hardware and Steel Company,
A. G. Towne of Blake, Moffltt & Towne,
I. F. Littlefleld of W. P. Fuller & Co.,
Edward Everett of the Tubbs Cordage
Company, J. O. Carroll, L. C. Scheller
of the Union Metal Company of Los
Angeles, William Schaw of the Schaw-
Batcher Company of Sacramento, John
C. White of Marysvllle, L. A. Lewis of
Allen & Lewis of Portland, Or., and J.
S. Goldsmith of the Schwabacker Bros.
Company of Seattle.
The annual election of officers did not
occupy much time. H. D. Loveland,
who served the association last year as
president, was unanimously re-elected.
Charles Holbrook was elected vice pres
ident for San Francisco, William
Schaw for Sacramento. John C. White
for Marysville, A. L. Lewis for Port
land and J. S. Goldsmith for Seattle,
the different cities represented in the
association being all given recognition
in the making up of the official board.
Lone Star Representatives
Tour for Information and
Find Much That Pleases
Three States Have Members
in the Executive Board
That Directs Procedure
Gas-Poisoned Chilean Sailor
Is Taken on Board
His Ship.
LOVELAND RE-ELECTED
UEPORT OF COMMITTEE
ADDENDA ASHOKE ON
NEW ZEALAND COAST
Jobbers and Manufacturers
of the Pacific Are Eeady
for Labors of the Year
Farmers of This State Are
Declared to Be Worthy of
Emulation for Methods
Bark Reported Steering: for
This Port With a
3Iast Gone.
TEXANS PRAISE
CALIFORNIANS
NAME OFFICERS
FOR THE COAST
EUROPA AND ARCHER ENTER HARBOR UNDER SAIL
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, /SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1904.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
«'l!i O 4 1D< ! Bt n t i.F b L* <! *.**** »™>>'swfthni»st«niaeh
K, 4 "? ¦J. 1 kinds of meilielnns. My tonga« has
?£!f£h?iV *L ter llJln £ lhem l c * a willingly «n.t
cheerfully ««y that tney have entirely cnrr.fm*. I
therefore let you know th.t I gha'.I recommend
tnem t<» any one iuffenne from »neh tronbl-t. •
Chas. H. halpun.lu* Rliingtoa St., New Tork, N.Y.
SMB* V|L >af^T I OO I^QV^ <!*!*>
¦^SQ^. candy cathartic
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. TastnOnnd. Do Hood,
Ne»er Sicken. Weapon or <»rip«. 10c. 23c. 19c. JJ»t»\
•old la bulk. The gonnlne tablet ttaniped CUC.
i Qaarantoed to cure or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co.. Chicago or N.Y. jgfl
ANNUAL SALE, TEH MILLION BOXES
Gonorrhoea ami Urinary Discharges.
JSP^jBd V \3 v ' If g&fi Eyjjaa
«» i J K3ti HI 1« EC A CftSaT
tsJb m ESSi fS Rp bSV tmt
A CURE IX 48 HOCKS.
(Ovisit DR. JORDAN'S orcat4
OF ANATOMY^
Q G^ lS51KA2riTa.'brt.8;»?^,S.T.O!., I
\ ty| T»« l-ixg-.t AmatemicaJ Museum la tk«
Q Wo * ld - W«»kne»«e» ew any cr>nuact«<1 i I
iw ?4S©1 5"" ie •••*•'••«* ««r^l h T t4eold«>i
0 jSJai Spea* 1 '" o« H>€ Con-. Eit. 36 year*. (I
A D^Sft DR * •'ORDAM-D'SEASES C? MEN , i
\ If njJifeB CiMiioltattao free and Wrrtly pTl»»tr
Q I Ltf H Tr^nn«iit p'rionthy or by 'met A /I
\I» Til /•"•»• <W» n srtfy cats andcnakeii. '
Ova 11 S 1
'If II B4»aUCE, MAILaO FK«~S. (AY
A fl i|- »aluable book for mm) \
V DO. JOKDAS * CO.. 10S1 Var'«*t «*(..& P. V
y^^. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
wRiraSS*'" * H3 '* ' or t- ' lf> t >" Patrr "* llt ri ' Private
Bl I r\.tktt IiW»-a>e^. l.nst Manbood. I>rhllitr<ir
lHWEa»«Sflktii^»a.o w»«ntiiri..i hri.1.T>in<l m'nd an>1
Zw553SkS3 s1ci " Diiwases. The Doctorcnren wh^ti
fall. Try him. ( han-n low.
<'"•"«•• (unrnnlrrd. Cull or write.
X>r. JT. t\ 4JIDDO>'. iSan Fnr -isro. CaL
OCExVN TRAVTEX. __^
o*X. Steamers leave Broadway
rfX^-~^8«\ wharvet (olers 8 and 11>.
f^/C- >y\ *>* n Francisco:
/4/?^^^*% \j\ For K-trhikan. 'WranR»l.
1 I YlMvi 1 I Jiwau> Treaawells. Halnes,
1 V XRhsa/ / Skauuay. etc.. Aluka— U
\*k \\ Vrtl ¦¦ m - October 12. 17. 22. 27.
VysXI Nov. 1. Change to this com-
N^Vi"«ui\TV' tany's steamers at Seattls.
Fur Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes. South Belllnchara. BeLUnxham — 11
a. m.. Oct. 12 17. 22. 27. Nor. 1. Chase* at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:38
p. m.. October la, la. 25. 31. Nov. 6. Corona.
¦ 1:30 p. m.. October 4. 10. 16. 22. 28. Nov. 3.
Kcr Los Aneeles (vl» Port Los Anneies and
Redondo). San Dlegro and Santa Barbara-
Santa Ra«a, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angles (via San Pedro and Eant
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Crus. Mnn-
ter»y. Fan Simeon. Cayucoa, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 8 a. m.. October 14. 22. 3O. Nov. T.
Cooa Bay. 9 a. m.. October 10. 18. 26, Nov. 3.
For EnjVna'ia, Magdalena Bay. San Jone <1«l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas iMex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mr>.
For further Information obtain folder. R:?ht
Is reserved to chansr* steamers or salllna; date*.
TICKET OPTICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market *t..and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Oflce, 10 Market st.
C. T>. DCNANK. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market «t.. San Francisco.
•The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter st.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMEBICAIT JJXTE.
Plymouth — Cherbottnr — Southampton.
From New York Saturday. I»:3O a. m.
Ft Paul Oct. 2»|New York Nov. 1i»
Philadelphia ...Nov. 5 St. Paul Nov. 28
ATLANTIC TBANSPOBT JmISTE.
Hew Tork — London Direct.
Mesaba, Oct. 29. 1« amlMlnneapolls.Nov.12.9 &
Mlnnehaha.N*o.5.3:.'K) plMenomlnee.No.19, 9 am
SOMUTXOV LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion Oct. 20| Vancouver Nov. 5
Canada Nov. 12
BUD STAB LINE.
Hew Tork — Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
From New York. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m.
Kroonland Oct. 2!»jFlnland Nov. 13
Zeeland Nov. 5'Vaderland Nov. 19
WHITE STAB LINE.
Hew TorX-— Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Teutonic.Oct.26, 10 am Cedric. Nov. ft, 10 am
Celtic Oct. 28. 7 a.m. Oceanic. Nov. IB. nooa
Baltic. Nov. 2. . . .noon Majestic. Nov.23.10 am
Boston — Qneenrtown — Liverpool.
Cymric Nov. IT
NEW SXBVXCE .TSOat BOSTOH.
Fast Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11,400 to 15.000 Tons.
NEW TOSX AND BOSTOH OX2EC9
To the Mediterranean.
Via AsoreSf Gibraltar. Naples, Genoa.
• . FROM NEW YORK:
CRETIC Nov. 3, Dec. 12, Feb. 4. March 11
REPUBLIC Dec. 1. Jan. 14, Feb. 23
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC. .Oct. 29. Dec. 10. Jan. 2S. Mar. It
CANOPIC Nov. 19, Jan. T, Feb. IS
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pactflo Coast.
21 Post st.. San Frandsoo.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA ,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO-> :
Steamers will leave Paclflo Mall wharf, essw
n#r First and Branaaa streets, at 1 p. m.. tm
YOKoSaMA and HONOKONO esiUas at
Kob* <Hlogo>. Nagasaki and Shanghai aa4
connecting at Hongkong with steamers fo»
India, etc. No cargo received on beard oa dajj
B f MARTT
.....VT. Wednesday. October 19. ttOf
Via Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at redness!
rates. For freight and passag* apply at Con*
eany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
*^ W. H. AVERT. Owrml Agent.
8 sTMARIPOSA.for Tahiti, Oct. 20. 11 a.nu
8* S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Aorls.
"land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 20. 2 p. nv.
B. B. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 2941 a-nt.
iksMCHLSkBEOl CO., A2tS.,TlCtet(ffll25Cair-
tit rnigtt crnce 329 mat st, pip 7, pacias st.
C03TPAQXIE 0Z5Z31LB TBANSAT^AJCTiaaS.
DIRECT LINB TO HAVRE- PARIS j^sm,-
Balling every Thursday Instead or <fm
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier *X
Korth River, foot cX Morton st.
First elass to Havre. $70 and upward. »se»
end class to Havre. $43 and upward. OVH-
KRALAOXNCT FOR UNITED STATXa AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlngj.
New Tork. J. V. FUOAZI * CO.. Padfle Coast
Agtnta. B Montgcrsery avenue. San Fraadscow
TickVts sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta,
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO
STEAMEfi iTT CORCORAN
Leaves 8. **.. Clay St.. N end of Ferry bids,
dally »:30 a. m., 3 and *8 p. m. Sundays.
»:30 a. m.. 8 p. m.. leave Vallejo dally «:M
a. m. 12:20 and ft:30 p. m. Sundays 5 p. m.
Fare 25c P. A. G. Co. Phone SCatn 641,
•Saturdays except«d^ '
Por U. S. Navy Tard and Valla jo.
. Strs. General Friable, Montlcello and Arrow.
8:45 a.m.. 12:S0p.m.. 3:13 p.m.. tt p.m.. 8:30 p.
m Leave San ¦ Francisco Sundays 9:43 a-tn..
12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m., 8:30 pm. Leave. Vallejo. T
a-m.. 0 a.m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.; 6 p.m. Sua-
days.'7 a.m.. 0 a.m.. 3:20 pm.. e p.m. Pier X-
tu Mission st.; pbone Main 1906. HATCH BAOS
• ApyECTISE^DENTS^ , . ¦
A SAVER;
TROUBLE SAVED
WORRY SAVED
MONEY SAVED
TIME SAVED
By Baying * Cheap Ticket* oh One of the Selling: Dates Over the
Union-Southern Pacific
CHICAGO AND RETURN C 7") CA
Via St. Louis - - - ty£ **.JU
ST. LOUIS AND RETURN C£? CA
Direct, - * JpO« -DU
Last and Only Sale Dates;
October 19, 20, 26, 27.
WRITE OR CALL ON ME.
I Will Reserve Your Berth and Make
All Arrangements for Your Trip.
8. P. BOOTS. G«n. Ajrt., 17. P. B. B.
1 Montsromery Street.They are endeavoring to stop bull fights in Spain.
Truly the
•
The rumor that progressive Berkeley is seriously considering
the feasibility of annexing Oakland is indignantly denied by the
leading spirits of the college municipality,. They are plavin$r no
Sinbad to an Old M.in of the Sea. " S
Again comes a large share of medals for California's wines on
exhibition and the French vineyardist has cause to marvel. He is
rapidly learning that California's good red earth has stored up
vmhin it essences sweet as any in old Provence.
Fresno County has decided to create a wider taste for raisins
throughout the East by giving away several tons of the toothsome
delicacy from her display at St. Louis. Fresno evidently appreciates
the sure way of reaching the heart of man. •- '
CRUEL.
She— Why do they call him the best
man?
He — Because he ain't the groom, I
guess.
The narrow puffs called by the
French "bouillonne," which w r ere so
much used for trimmings during the
summer, trim some of the handsomest
gowns this fall. They are. still. warped
into scroll shapes, knots, etc., and out
line'trimmings and the edges of'drap
eries.
Another popular device for elaborat
ing trimmings is the use of twists
made of the material of the gown — -
net, silk or velvet- These twists are
twined and. knotted into all sorts of
fanciful designs and decorate lace, net
and gauze flounces or border edges of
flounces or draperies. . ;
CERTAINLY THEY GO FAST.
Floorwalker— Why is it those ribbons
sell so quickly?
Saleslady— I suppose it's because they
*re fast colors, sir. . ¦' • -. •• .-..:.
Little ribbon and silk bows, some
times bo small that they suggest tuft
ings, dot spaces and surfaces that
would otherwise ; be flat . or too unin
teresting. They - are seen on skirt
flouncings, bodice yokes and filling the
openings between insets ., and -orna
ments.' A simDle little blouse of white
Heavy cords covered with the mate
rial of the coat or gown are used on
the most elaborate models. On a
striking Directoire robe of copper coN
ored silk and white net the. skirt is
of the net richly embroidered in an
artistic blend of pale blues and pale
pinks. The bodice, with its Directoire
train, is of the silk. Over the hips
there is a pannier (or, some persons
call it, a draped polonaise effect),
made up of heavy cords covered with
the copper colored silk and twisted
and turned into curves that follow the
lines of the figure gracefully. The
drapery of the bodice ends in the same
twining and curving big cords over the
shoulders and tops of the sleeves.
These heavy covered cords are used on
all the materials employed for elabor
ate garments — gauzes, nets, silks, chif
fon velvets and thin wools. They cen
ter puffs, head flounces, outline edges
and answer all the purposes of bring
ing desirable lines of a gown or coat
into prominence.
Narrow folds, as in days long past,
are returned to high favor for trim
mings. They outline and border other
decorations or follow lines of their own
in straight or fanciful designs. On
a. rich black net gown the gathered
flounces of the skirt are festooned with
narrow black velvet folds and the folds
are looped, coiled and knotted among
thefull draperies and trimmings of the
bodice.
U r y* HE GRAFTERS," by Francis Lynde, a political story which
I is steadily growing in favor as one of the most readable stories
of the day. runs through its second installment in the Sunday
Call Magazine to-morrow. This popular novel will be completed
on October 30. On November 6 will appear complete in one in
stallment, "The Second Mrs. Jim," by Stephen Conrad, also one of
the novels coming rapidly into popular favor. In .presenting a
novel selling at the book stalls for $i 50 complete in one install
ment for 5 cents, the Sunday Call is introducing a feature that has
never been presented by a daily paper in the United States, and one
which is employed by but one or two of the leading magazines of
America.
"Rita." the well known novelist, contributes the regular install
ment in the Batch of Love Letters Series, with a page of letters
from a stage-struck young lady to a first walking gentleman at the
Buckingham Theater; Edward W. Townsend continues the adven
tures of his country hero, bringing him officially before society, where
he is at once subjected to the attentions of numerous mammas with
marriageable daughters; Ray Stannard Baker has a rattling good
account of a picturesque and exciting custom of the cattle ranges in
"The Roping at Pasco's," wherein the knights of the riata and chaps
hold gallant tourney, and on the storiette page Ellsworth E. Kellv
lias" "An Old Fashioned Wooing," Campbell McLeod "The Hunge'r
of a Man's Soul," and Otho B. Senga "His Negotiable Aunt," all
clever and amusing little stories.
There are a number of special articles of importance. Arthur R
Briggs, manager of the State Board of Trade, has "California's Trade
Outlook"; "Selling American Goods in the Orient," written from
the diary of two trained and successful American salesmen, should be
instructive reading for all business men; "A Tooth Talk for Parents
and Children" is a page of sensible advice by Dr. William Merrill
Tryon; Augusta Prescott writes upon the winter styles in furs;
Madge Moore has a page giving some reminders on etiquette for the'
casual caller ; there is a page on "The Harmony of Tints" wherein
women will find good advice on matching colors to hair and eyes;
and in 'addition to the puzzle page, a half dozen smaller articles of
worth.
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
Charles Cranston of Brooklyn, the in
ventor of the first undercutting paper
machine used in the United States,
died recently at his home. He was
also the inventor of other improve
ments in paper cutting and making
machineryt and also enjoyed the dis
tinction of having been the chief en
gineer on the yacht of President Lin
coln during the Rebellion.
Paper Machine Inventor Dead.
Useful Hints for
the Kitchen.
Recipes for Your
Cook Book.
THOSE GIRLS.
"Shall I invite Mr. Alltalk? I think
he is out of town."
"No; he might have returned."
POTATO PANCAKES.— Pare and
grate eight large potatoes, cut in an
onion, beat in four eggs, add a tea
spoonful of salt, mix with two table
spoonfuls of baking powder, add and
mix well; fry in a hot skillet.
• • •
CREAMED FISH.— Take any nice,
flrm-fleshed fish; boil it; remove the
bones and lay it In an oval pudding
dish; chop a bunch of parsley very
fine, one small onion very fine and mix
them with salt and pepper; throw
bread crumbs sufficient to cover the
fish three inches deep; put lumps of
butter over the top, a very slight
grate of nutmeg and pour over sweet
cream until it rises nearly to the top.
Bake in a quick oven till it has a rich
brown crust.
* • *
SUET PUDDING. — One cap of suet
(chopped fine), one cup of light brown
sugar, one cup of milk, one teaspoon
ful of baking powder, two eggs, one
teaspoonful of cloves, one teaspoonful
of ground cinnamon, one-half pound
of raisins, one pound of currants, tw©
teacups of flour; put into a bag, tl«.
and 'put into boiling water; boll three
hours. To make the sauce take one
and a half cupfuls of white sugar, one
heaping tablespoonful of cornstarch
and one-half teacup of butter and rub
together; then add one pint of boiling
water and let all come to a boll; flavor
with lemon.
TEA MUFFINS.— Two and a half
cups of flour, one teaspoonful of salt
and two scant ones of baking powder;
whip the yolk of one egg, add slowly
one-half cup of- sugar and a cup of
milk; add to the flour, making a soft
dough; add a tablespoonful of butter
and the beaten white of the egg; fill
muffin pans half full and bake in hot
oven about thirty minutes.
Copper color is not' only seen in
gowns and hats, but also in rugs and
tapestry- It seems to be the only color
of the season.
No kitchen ought to be considered
complete without an indicator. It la a
neat wooden board upon which 4s In
scribed a long list, including almost
every imaginable thing which one may
need from the grocer's. Opposite each
item' is a small hole, and when you
need some of that particular thing you
remind yourself by sticking a wooden
peg in the hole. These boards with pega
cost 10 and 25 cents, according to size.
Intended to keep bread moist and
fresh is the ventilated bread box, in the
lid of which is a long strip of the finest
netting. The box Is also equipped with
shelves, each perforated, so that the
bread need not lie in a pile. This is a
much nicer sort of box than the or
dinary kind and is well worth the small
difference in price. Similar in construc
tion, except that instead of a lid it has
a door, is the cake closet. This looks
like a little safe and has three shelves.
Even the nutmeg grater has been
modernized. It Is now provided with a
neat little sliding box. into which you
put the nutmeg. By pressing on a
spring in the top the nutmeg is held
against the grater and every shred of
it grated up without your fingers sus
taining the smallest detriment. Larger
graters made like this can be had for
general purposes. :Zr.:i'-
Some inexperienced housewives have
trouble in separating the whites and
yolks of eggs. They need experience
this no longer. A patent separator can
be bought, a thing so simple that it Is
a wonder we none of us thought of It
before. It is simply a cup with a false
bottom, in which there is a narrow slit.
•Through this slit the white of the egg
finds its way, leaving the yolk safe in
side. -
If apple coring Is to be done in any
quantity do not attempt it by hand,
when for only 10 cents a corer can be
obtained which will take the core out
of the fruit in a jiffy without spoiling
Its looks. This little device looks some
¦ thing like a corkscrew.
A little wire basket with a handle
constitutes quite an economy in soap.
You simply put all the little scraps of
soap into it, when It can be used for
many purposes quite as well as a big
cake.
Special Information supplied dally ti
business bouses and public men by Um
Pr-ss Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1043. *
NO WONDER.
Smith—My boy at college" is always at
Jones— Indeed!
v Smith— Yes, he's taking a course in
Picture Frames.
Our Eastern selection of frames and
moldings for fall, trade now in, better
and more beautiful than ever before.
fimluFa Vail A Co •
Townsend'a California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
On November 1. 1904, will be advanced
10c per lb. Holiday orders received up to
that date at present price.
Law Suits in Borneo.
Justice in Borneo is administered in
a most primitive manner. One way
of deciding between two disputants is
to give each a large lump of salt.
These lumps are dropped in water, and
he whose lump is first dissolved is de
cided to be in the wrong. Or two
live shellfish are placed on a plate and
lime juice squeezed over them. The
verdict is given according to which
man's fish moves first.
A pink chiffon dance frock has its
graceful skirt trimmed with upstand
ing deep tucks of the gauze, with white
lace plaitings facing them on the in
side.; Ruffles, by the way, are turned
upward very often.
Valenciennes allover lace has for the
yoke three moderately heavy lace
medallions of a deeper tone of cream
than the net. One medallion is used
at the front, and the others over the
shoulders, being shaped to suit the fig
ure. The medallions are connected
prettily by bows of narrow cream col
ored velvet ribbon.
outlined with a drapery of the cloth in
hood form. The wrap itself is one of
the shawl-shaped capes with dolman
like sleeves. The coat of dark brown
cloth has Indian red velvet cuffs and
collarless finish outlined with fancy
braid. The sleeve is worthy of note,
being of the voluminous order popular
in new coats.
The velvet of a regal gown prominent
at one of the openings of Paris models
is white with a soft subtle bloom tinged
with pink. Nine out of ten of the visi
tors who stopped to look at it believed
it to be veiled with a coarse net and
the tenth, it is safe to say, went astray
as to the real character of the material.
The velvet is, as a fact, one of the
many new. plush weaves which are
seen for the first time this fall. The
ground has a slight chameleon effect
obtained by the mingling of tenderly
tinted threads. Over the surface is
thrown a netlike pattern soft to the
touch but deluding to the observer.
The lines of the gown are classical. The
bottom of the plain skirt is bordered
with a pattern borrowed from an old
tapestry and worked in silver thread
and the softest pastel pinks and
greens.
Flounces cut in scallops or points at
the foot are bound; as of old, with a
narrow bias of the same material.
Earlier in the season there was a ten
dency toward binding flounces with a
narrow velvet edge, to give them a
stand-out quality at the bottom, and
this is still seen now and then. A bias
plaid binding is sometimes used on
cloth.
•
Flowing loosely down her back.
Draw with art the graceful sack;
Ornament It well with glmplng.
Flowers, furbelows and crimping;
L«et of ruffles many a row
Guard her elbows, white as snow;
Knots below and knots above,
Kmbtem of the ties of love.
L*t her hoop, extending wide.
Show what petticoats should hide —
Garten or the softest silk.
Stockings whiter than the milk.
BUt for the "hoop extending wide,"
the jingle might be penned to the girl
of to-day, even to the white stockings,
says the New York Sun.
As to "flowers, furbelows and crimp
ing," and "ruffles" and "knots," there
is a madder display in the wardrobe of
to-day's fashionable lady than the
rhymster of the eighteenth century ever
saw in his wildest flight of hyperbole.
That graceful sack '•flowing loosely
down her back" is here in more varia
tions of the hood than old timers ever
heard of. Even the Capuchin, which
has been around for several seasons, is
on hand yet, albeit with certain limi
tations and many modifications.
"Little Red Ridinghood" set the type
for one of the season's pretty fancies
among girls who, for their handy even
ing wrap, are copying her style to a T.
All the quaint shapes of ecclesiastical
hoods are borrowed and varied for
evening wraps. It As a play on the
Capuchin which is seen in the wrap .of
white broadcloth. The yoke is of lace,
+ : *
A RIOT OF ELABORATION IN
THE DRESS MODES OF TO-DAY
THE PHILIPPINE ISSUE.
IX its floundering search for an issue the Democratic party has
grabbed at the Philippines. It is unpleasant to be compelled to
question the sincerity of the loaders of a great party in this
country. But no other course seems possible in dealing with the
sr.pportcrs of Judge Parker. He is supported by Mr. Hearst, who
before the Spanish war was over, before the fall of Santiago, before
our liag was any nearer Manila than Cavite. put at the head of his
papers the cry: "Xail the Hag to the Philippines. Don't only raise
it, nail it. " Parker is supported by Judge Gray of Delaware. He
ir.adc the treaty of Paris as one of our commissioners, by which we
took the Philippines and paid Spain $20,000,000 for them, and as
a Senator voted to ratifv his work.
Parker is supported by Bryan. When Senator Hoar and other
cautious Republican Senators were holding up the treaty, and had
the power to compel its amendment as to the Philippines, Mr. Bryan
went to Washington to support the treaty, to prevent its amend
ment, and induced enough Democratic Senators to vote for its rati
fication to defeat Senator Hoar. Now all of these active parties to
the acquisition of the islands are joining in the roar against the
Republican party about the Philippines. Why did Mr. Hearst want
the flag nailed to the islands? Why did Judge Gray want to pay
$20,000,000 for them? Whv did Mr. Brvan want to confirm the
purchase by ratifying the treaty?
They were all supported by the Democratic press of the -South,
which almost without exception demanded that we hold the islands.
What would these people have? We could not nominally hold the
Philippines, leaving them without government or the means of
maintaining order. We had to do something there. The admin
istration took up the burden laid upon it by the treaty. True, we
have sent soldiers, and there has been carnage in all the archipelago.
But we also instituted law. We sent Judges and organized civil
courts. We sent teachers and organized schools. We have fur
nished a stable coinage and have promoted industry.
Xone of the critics claim that they would have done differently.
The many tribes with which we have to deal had as many different
ideas of government and order. Spanish rule had not been a pre
paration for self-government, since it excluded the natives from any
part in civil government, and even looked coldly upon their ambi
tion to have a place in the priesthood of the ruling church. As far
as possible they were also prevented from acquiring the Spanish lan
guage, because their ignorance of the speech of their masters made
their subjection to arbitrary power easier.
Xo one was very glad when we assumed the burden. Governor
Taft. when appointed by President McKiuley, declared himself op
posed to the acquisition of the islands, but accepted the responsibility
of their government and entered upon it in a faithful spirit. His
successor. Governor Wright, is a Tennessee Democrat, son-in-law of
the famous Semmes, the Confederate admiral who smote our com
merce during the Civil War. He has executive ability of the first
class, and is applying himself with great patience and fidelity to the
hard problem. His fellow Democrats at home would better help
than hinder him. Already he finds that the campaign here made by
Messrs. Hearst, Gray and Bryan is having a bad effect in the islands.
1 he people are being inspired to vault over the preparatory stages
of education, industry and self-restraint, and demand immediate in
dependence, without regard to their state of preparation for self
government. Governor Wright has called the attention of President
Roosevelt to this in a letter that has been made public^
The Brooklyn Eagle is a Democratic paper of the first class. Its
editor, Mr. McKelway, had his training on Dan. Manning's paper in
Albany. He led the movement for Mr. Cleveland's nomination for
a third term, and supports Judge Parker. But he sees clearly the
bad faith and insincerity of the Democratic position on the Philip
pines. Commenting on Governor Wright's letter he says, editorially :
"Assuredly he did no more than his duty when he notified the Presi
dent of the results there of the agitation here. Xor is it for a mo
ment to be presumed that he exaggerates the consequences. Under
Spanish rule the islands knew no peace. Under American rule law
is no longer a travesty on the term, and plunder is not a common
place. Achievements of this sort are no stigma — they add luster
to the stars that decorate the flag. Agitation as to independence,
mar or remote, is distinctly damaging. Stop it."'
So say all Americans who hope for an outcome, however re
mote, of our rule in the Philippines that will be honorable to our
country and useful to the Filipinos.
pause in tho afternoons fnr a cup of
tea as they do In the British titles*
They would Hvr longer and happier for
the little rest, ami be infinitely better
companions. And they'd be just as rich
at the year's end, verily. For Mr.
Berg's innovation let us be duly thank
ful.
Dr. Frank K. Ainsworth has b«vn
vistlng in Los Angelas daring th* last
week.
Miss Pharlot Hall, thf» poet of the
desert, whose home is Frescott. Ariz.,
is the guest of Mr. am! Mrs. Charts F.
Lummis at their quaint hacienda in
Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Sherman. w'»h
their son and daughter, Hoyt Sherman
ami Miss Jennie Sherman, are at the
SU Louis Exposition. They will visit
ether Eastern cities before returning
home, which will be in a month.
Miss Mary Hollister of Santa Bar
be ra is due to visit her cousin. Mrs.
L. H. Bryan, 2422 Buchanan street.
Dr. Washington Dodge, whi has
bttn on a hunting trip, has returned.
• * * *
Mrs. Otto Irving Wise has returned
to the city after a visit of four month3
to New York and Baltimore. Her sis
ttr, Miss Rosenthal, will be h.?r guest
for the winter and they will be ac
home at 1699 Vallejo street on the
th.'rd Wednesday of each month.
The Marie Antoinette on Van Ness
avenue is a popular abiding place
among society folk. Those recently
taking apartments for the winter ara
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Knight and Mr.
and Mrs. Lawrence Scott and Mr. and
Mrs. Eugene Murphy.
Miss Ethel Whitney of Oakland will
spend the winter in Washington with
her aunt, Mrs. Condit Smith.
Mr. and Mrs. James Otis have cho
sen an enviable site for their new
home. On Broadway, between Fill
more and Webster streets, an unpar
alleled view of the bay and surround
ing country is commanded. When all
is comtlete this residence will be the
scene of many entertainments.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley is
about to erect a residence of beauty in
Berkeley, from whose site may be seen
the turquoise bay and its emerald isl
ands.
Miss Anita Davis, who has been
abroad for some time, is expected to
arrive in town from Liverpool the latter
part of this month.
Dr. and Mrs. W. P. Cluness are en
tertaining Miss Etta Birdsall of Sacra
mento.
Mrs. Leopold Hirsch Jr. will be at
home on third Fridays at 2498 Broad
way.
Miss Aimee Moore and Miss Agnes
Murphy, two clever and interesting
young Australian Journalists, have been
suddenly called to New York, departing
on the 29th — a fact deeply regretted in
clubdom, where the young women were
much entertained. Likewise did they
do much entertaining in return.
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Derby have
taken a house on Washington street
for the winter, having recently dis
posed of their old home In Oakland.
The A. E. Wellingtons and Mr. and
Mrs. Boole (nee Hamlet), who spent
the summer at the Wellington place In
Ross, have returned to San Francisco
for the winter.
Counters Cassini has lost her maid
And don't knew where to find her —
Leave her alone and she'll come home,
¦\Vlth some fond young man beside her
Now, there's nothing flat, stale or
unprofitable about the Countess Cas
sini. She's never commonplace — and
therefore her jewels are never lost.
However, 'tis sincerely to be hoped
that press agents and Newportians will
not institute the custom of losing
maids — particularly pretty maids as
was Rachel.
Miss^Christine Pomeroy had the
pleasure of meeting the fair Russian
while in Washington. She is the close
friend of Princess Alice — a merry pair
they are and quite independent of dull
conventionalities.
Miss Ethel Hager. indisputably one
of the cleverest maids in the smart
set, is seriously at work with her mod
eling, under the guidance of Miss Mc-
Glashan. In fact, she has completed
her first conception — an idealized fe
male figure lying in the sea — sand.
Why, pray, should a girl of ability
be condemned to inactivity, just be
cause the family funds are ample?
It's high time such society maids as
possess gray matter should use it.
Success to Miss Hager.
Away off in Calcutta, in the land of
rajahs, durbars and things, a wee
American joined the colony a few
weeks since — the tiny babe of Mr. and
Mrs. Frederick Palmer, thus entitling
Mr. and Mrs. John E. Mason of Wash
ington street to the high honors of
grandparenthood.
Mrs. Palmer is affectionately re
membered in dan Francisco as a Kap
pa Kappa Gamma maid, and a Spin
ner, so that young Calcutta American
will have hosts of "aunties" when he
arrives in San Francisco next year.
The Sequoia Club's "at home" on
Tuesday night at the St. Francis will
be a foregathering of a lot of interest
ing people — not the least of whom will
be Gertrude Atherton, the most suc
cessful woman author that has yet
come out of the West.
Maynard Dixon's pictures will be
shown in the green room, many of
which are already spoken for by ad
mirers of the clever chap's work.
The Seward-McXears will remain in
their Marin home through the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Leake have tak
en apartments at the Palace for the
winter. They are building a home in
Ross valley, which will not be com
pleted before next spring.
Miss Katherine Selfridge, who will
wed lieutenant Kellond next week,
was entertained yesterday at a large
tea given in her honor by Miss Elsie
Dorr. Those who assisted Miss Dorr
were: Miss Selfridge, Miss Hazel Noo
nan, Miss Florence Gibbons, Miss Mar
jorie Gibbons, Miss Florence Cole, Miss
Louise Redington, Miss Helen Baily
and Miss Alice Treanot.
Hermann Oelrichs has returned to
San Francisco, having spent the
greater part of the year at the Boole
place in Ross Valley, to which he was
seemingly much attached.
Speaking of Mr. Oelrichs one cannot
disassociate him from Mr. Berg, whom
he has immortalized in his epic, "The
House That Berg Built."
Now, as a matter of fact, that house
is really going to be built in Sausalito
— some day. And it's ?:oing to be a
bungalow, as becomes-such bon vi
vants and royal good fellcws.
Those 5 o'clock teas of Mr. Berg's in
troduction in the burg over the bay are
becoming the proper caper among the
elect. Why don't San Francisco men
Recalling OTHER Men.
THE_SAN_FRAN CISCO CALL
;OHX 1). SPKECZCELS Proprietor
AfrDBESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO
SOUS MrNAUCnT Mnnngor
2VFI.:< -ATW>S tiTTlZZ. THIRD .»«.•> VARKKT STREKTS. PAN' FTtA.VCIgCn
FATURDAY 77. '. "77777. OCTOBER 15, 1904
THE- SAN -FRANCISCO- CALL. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1904.
BY SALLY SflflRP.
THE SMART SET
8DR. CARL WILSON APOLOGIZES As
sistant Emergency Surgeon Carl Wilson, who
was suspended for one month on a charge of
using impertinent language to Chief Surgeon
Stephen, was rectored to his position yesterday
t nA will reassuma bis duties to-day. As a
condition . to his reinstatement the Health
Board required Wilson to make a public apoN
•«¦>¦ t'» i-'i'<;tif r.. Th'» h« frrac<*'«ily did.
The fifth continuance for a week of
the hearing in the matter of the
guardianship of Lee Mee Ho, a 16
j year-old Chinese girl, was taken in
i Judge Coffey's court yesterday. The
child still remains in the custody of
Carrie G. Davis of the California
Woman's Home Mission. Anew fea
ture in the controversy was the peti
tion of Jan Kun, her alleged foster
father, for the appointment of Kate
B. Lake of the Japanese Woman's
Home as the girl's guardian. The pe
tition will be amended, as Mrs. Lake
declined to accept the office, .-jaying
that she was under practically the
same control as Miss Davis* mission.
The Chinaman will name some other
qualified person.
Mee Bo's Case Still On.
UNITY CLUB . BALL.— The Unity Club,
which was organised and incorporated May 25.
1504, ar.d whose officers are William T. Booth
ty. P«-*i'*.pr.t: John Connolly, vice president;
Harry J. Burns, secretary: Robert L. Harring
ton, treasurer, and Harry W. Lewie, auditor.
In to hold its first grand ball to-night at Me
char.ic*' Pavilion.
Strauss A Frohman, 106-109 Poet street, have
engaged the service* of an expert teacher of
fancy work embroidery and needlework of all
description. A class has been Inaugurated,
where ladle* Interested may receive instruc
tion free of charge. Lessons will be given
Tuesdays and Fridays from 9 a.m. until noon.*
A Free School of Fancy Work.
WOODLAND, Oct. 14. — The Teach
ers' Association of Northern Calif or»
nia will meet next year at Red Bluff.
This was decided to-day during the
afternoon session of the association.
The following were elected officers for
the ensuing year: J. D. Sweeney of Red
Bluff, president; Professor A. B. An
derson of Colusa, vice president; Miss
F. A. Linch of Red Bluff, incumbent,
recording secretary; Glen Lallen of
Red BlufT, corresponding secretary; J.
T. Crane of "Winters, treasurer; F. S.
Reagor of Willows, Mrs. M. Devllbiss
of Woodland and G. W. Moore of Co
lusa, finance committee. Features or
the day's 'session were addresses by
Professors Snedden and Rolfe of Stan
ford University and Professor H. Morse
Stephens of the University of * Cali
fornia.
THROWN OUT OF BUGGY.— Thomas
Keenan of 2 Rlncon Dlace was thrown out of
his buggy yesterday while crossing over Sixth
street, at Folsom. His right leg and several
ribs were broken.
TEACHERS. ELECT OFFICERS.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 14. — The Su
preme Council, U. P. E. C, . finished
its labors to-day. Resolutions were
passed thanking the citizens of the city
of San Rafael andxthe mcwibers of the
local Portuguese council for their hos
pitable treatment of the members of
the Supreme Council. The Supreme
Council will convene at Stockton .next
year.
Delegates Finish Their Work,.
RUSH IT. Gabriel Printing Co.. "Print Any
thing." 419 Sacramento rt. Never disappoint.*
Supervisor Braunhart explained
that the, matter was out of the Super
visors' hands and was to be taken to
the Supreme Court as the result of the
decision of the Election Commission
not to put any of the proposed amend
ments on the official ballots. The
committee therefore agreed to take no
action on the protest of the Mer
chants' Association.
The Supervisors' Joint Committee
on Judiciary. Public Utilities and
Charter Amendments considered yes
terday the protest of the Merchants'
Association against the submission of
charter amendments to the voters on
November 8. The protest was made
in view of the ambiguous language of
the constitution requiring that pro
posed amendments be submitted at
intervals of not less than two years.
Against Their Submission.
Decide They Are Powerless to Heed
Protest of Merchants' Association .
Emil Engelberg. the divorced hus
band of Annie Engelberg, who was
accidentally shot and killed on Thurs
day evening by Ernest N. Bales, \-isited
the morgue. He was deeply affected
when he gazed upon the features of
the woman who had been his wife for
many years.
**I lived with that woman eleven
J*ars." he said as he turned away
from the slab on which the body was
ls-1r.gr. Then, after a long pause, he
added in a sorrowful tone. "That's the
end of a strenuous life." Tears stood
in his eyes as he left the place. He
has taken charge of the body and will
defray the funeral expenses.
Detectives T. B. Gibson and Coleman
have decided that the statement made
by Bales is correct and that the shoot
ing was accidental. Captain Burnett
will, however, detain Bales in the city
prison until the Inquest is held.
Gazes Upon Her Corpse at the Morgue
and Remarks Upon End of
Strenuous Life.
SUPERVISORS TAKE NO
ACTION ON AMENDMENTS
KXGELBERG WKEPS OVER
FORMER WIFE'S BODY
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 14. — This city
is fast assuming metropolitan airs.
The latest addition to its equipment
is an ambulance and police patrol.
This vehicle, which has been provided
by the citizens of the town through
the energy and ambition of C. C.
Dovovan, a local hop merchant, was
received by the municipality this
morning and at once put into com
mission. It is a covered vehicle, bear
ing the name of the city and the ser
vice it performs in neat script letters.
Santa Rosa us Ambitious.
Wedding Invitations
And all that is exclusive and best in so
cial engraving at Sanborn & Vail's. So
cial correspondence papers in exclusive
brands. Fashion's latest approved styles
in calling cards. • Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
REDDING, Oct. 14.— A logging
train on the railroad connecting the
lumber camp and mill of the Lamoine
Lumber Trading Company left the
rails last night several miles west of
Lamoine, killing James Wright, the
conductor, and Mrs. A. Chapman a
passenger.
The train left the woods last evening.
Mrs. Chapman was given permission to
ride, as she desired to reach the outer
world. The recent storms had loos
ened the trackbed and when the outer
rails sank into the soft earth the en
tire train rolled over the grade.
Line Caused by the Re
cent Rains.
Fatal Disaster on Shasta County Short
MAN AND WOMAN KILLED
BY DITCHING OF TRAIN
Miss Morrison alleges that she and
Reen met at her home in the country
and became engaged to be married.
On August 5, 1903, she gave him J300
to deposit in a bank in this city, as it
was arranged that when they got mar
ried they would take up their resi
dence here.
After she came here she discovered
that Reen had not deposited the $300
In the bank and that a supply of
dishes and glassware that she had also
sent him to be used in their home had
disappeared. The worst discovery she
made was the fact that Reen had
transferred his affections to another
woman. Miss Morrison is about 50
years of age.
Miss Lizzie Morrison, who came
from the country recently and is liv
ing at 456 Sixth street, got a warrant
yesterday for the arrest of Daniel
Reen, a section hand on the Southern
Pacific, on a charge of felony em
bezzlement.
Miss Lizzie Morrison Swears to Com
plaint Charging Daniel Reen With
Crime of Felony Embezzlement.
JILTED WOMAN WANTS MAX
IN THE CASE ARRESTED
WOMEN THROWS OUT OF A BUGGY. —
Mrs. Hannah Sullivan of 335 Jessie street and
Mrs. Buchanan, who lives near the Six-Mile-
House, were thrown out of a buggy yesterday.
Th« women luckily escaped with alight bruises.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 14.— A gasoline
launch which plies the Russian River
between Jenner and Duncans Mills
struck a snag and began to sink.
Neither of the occupants of the boat,
J. J. Fraser and J. A. Beecham, could
swim and they were in danger of
going to the bottom, with the craft
when their predicament was discov
ered by Harry Brown and Robert Jor
dan, telephone linemen from this city.
Jordan swam out to the launch, taking
with him the end of a coil of wire.
Brown attached the other end to a
tree and on this wire the men man
aged to reach land.
The accident occurred at a place
known as "Old Stump."
Electrician Swims to Sinking Craft
"With Means to Bring Pas
sengers Ashore.
General Mac-Arthur and his staff
were busy yesterday arranging their
effects preparatory to the removal to
day to the new division headquarters
in the Grant building. On Monday
they will be fully installed in the new
location and from then on all business
of the Pacific Division will be con
ducted from there. This will leave the
old office* in the Phelan building en
tirely for the use of General Francis
Moore, the new commander of the De
partment of California.
Th* trial of Lieutenant George S.
Richards Jr., which is to be resumed
at the Presidio on next Tuesday, will
probably bring out some interesting
testimony. Richards Sr. has arrived
from the East and it is reported that
he intends to put up a hot fight in his
son's behalf. Lieutenant Richards is
accused of duplicating his pay ac
counts three times. The plea of in
sanity was strongly brought forth dur
ing the many recent sessions of the
court-marital, which have covered a
period of more than six months. It
is expected the final sessions will take
place on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Major J. P. Wisaer reported at
headquarters for duty yesterday. He
will take the position of assistant to
the inspector general, the place made
vacant by the death of Major Thomas
R. Adams, who was killed by a Pow
ell-street car a short time ago.
The three different recruiting com
missions which have been looking up
recruits for the last month returned
to the Presidio yesterday. They re
port that they succeeded fn securing
eight.
Headquarters of Pacific Division Will
Hereafter Be Iyocated In the
Grant Building.
LLVEMAX WITH WIRE SAVES
THE LIVES OF TWO MEX
GENERAL MacAirrnVR WILX.
MOVE TO NEW OFFICES TO-DAY
The play will be presented here by
the best cast the piece has had in
many years, including the well known
and sterling actor, Harry B. Emery,
as "Brander," and Will H. Bray in his
original role of the colored politician,
"The Minister to Dahomey."
The coming to the California Theater
on Sunday night of Hoyt's famous
satire on American politics. '"A Texas
Steer," will mark the appearance here
of May L. Stockton, a charming little
actress who has been gaining much
fame on the present tour of the "A
Texas Steer" company for her splendid
portrayal of "Bossy," the daughter of
the bluff, old Texas cattleman, who is
elected to Congress against his will and
who is forced to go to "Washington at
che points of the six-shooters of his
constituents. The late Charles Hoyt
wrote this part for his wife, Flora
Walsh. Miss Stockton brings to the
part thp experience gained by many
years' residence In Texas.
(CHARMING LITTLE ACTRESS WHO
WILL BE SEEN HERE IN "A
TEXAS STEER."
From those figures it . will be seen that,
under the present system cf distribution, with
a $7 State census-child per capita, the State
pays anywhere from $248. as In Alpine, per
teacher per annum to $7S3. as in San Fran
cisco — a difference of $535 against Alpine;
lews, but still great, against teachers In other
counties. But If the State per capita be In
creased from $7 to $9, the difference between
the two extremes, San Francisco and Alpine,
will be still greater, viz., the difference be
tween $978. San Francisco, and $300. Alpine,
cr $678, while the difference, under the pres
ent $7 State per capita is. as shown above,
only $535. $143 less than it would be under
an lncreaw» In the per capita from $7 to $9.
And. of course, every other county would suf
fer, by comparison, by the same percentage. It
Is true that every teacher would get more
money, but some teachers, eepeclally In the
rich and thickly settled counties, would get
a much greater raise in their salaries, com
puted In dollars, than others, especially those
In the poorer and sparsely settled counties.
Therefore. It Is apparent that if the pro
posed Increase of $2 per census-child be
distributed by the present system the conse
quent raise in teachers' salaries will be un
equal and Inequitable In Its effect. For this
reason. I think an Increase In the State census
child per capita of $2, or any other sum. Is
not the first result to be achieved. For, If
the present method of distribution of State
school money be unjust to the teachers (and
I think that It Is), a better, more equitable
and more just methoJ of distribution should
be, in my Judgment, the first thing to be
worked out. If that be dene I think there
will be no complaint: certainly nowhere near
so much as there Is at present.
What do you and your fellow- teachers
think? Very truly yours,
GEORGE C. PARDEE.
WOODLAND, Oct. 14.— A letter writ
ten by Governor Pardee to Dr. J. C. :
Thompson of Alameda, former presi
dent of the Northern California Teach
ers' Association, in which the distribu
tion of the State school funds to the
various counties was discussed at
length and unfavorably commented
upon by the Governor, was read by Dr.
Thompson at the ninth annual session
of the association, held here last Thurs
day. The letter, which contains much
that is important to the teachers of the
State, is as follows:
SACRAMENTO, October 10, 1904.
Georg* C. Thompson. 2159 Clinton avenue,
Alameda, Cal.— Dear Sir: Since I have found
it Impracticable, on account of other engage
ments, to attend the Teachers" Institute at
Woodland on th« 13th. it has occurred to me
that perhaps it might be or some interest to
the ladles and gentlemen present at your
meeting to liat«n to mme comments on the
matter cf the distribution of State 6chool
money. If so, the following ie entirely at
your disposal:
California, as you know, levied last year a
tax upon all property in the State of a little
over 17 cents per hundred dollars of assessed
valuation in order to comply with the law.
which provides that there shall be raised, for
every school census child, the sum of $7.
We all feel that the present salaries paid
schoolteachers In this State, more especially
in the country district*, are not sufficient to
Induce men and women to take up teaching
as a lifework and make a profession of It.
like mediclrve, law and theology. California
wants, of course, the best teachers she can
get; and In order to Increase the salaries
of our teachers and enable us to get and keep
good ones It has been proposed to raise the
State per capita per census child from $7
to $9.
Before discussing this proposal let us see
something about the present situation. Last
year, according to the report of the. State Su
perintendent of Public Instruction, Hon. T. J.
Kirk, the State alone raised, for the grammar
and primary public schools, the very respect
able sum of $3,556,364 15. There were em
ployed tn the public schools (and by "public
schools" I mean always primary and gram
mar grades) 7797 teachers. Now. if the State
school money had been equally divided
among this number of teachers each of them
would have received a little over $455 (to
be exact $156 12) of the State money.
But as a matter of fact many, very many,
of our teachers did not receive any scuh part,
of the State school money toward the payment
of bis or her salary. The amount they re
ceived varied between the f248 (the lowest,
the Alpine County teachers received) to the
$783 (the highest), received by the San Fran
cieco teachers. This was State money, mind
you; and whatever greater sum the Alpine
teachers were each paid, over and above the
$24S of State money, they got the surplus from
the county — and with this county money we
have, at this time, nothing to do.
Let us take some concrete examples of
what State aid per teacher In the northern
counties of this State, In the school year end-
Ing June 30, 1904, amounted to: Alameda.
$579; Alpine. $248; Amador. $3S8; Butte. $335;
Calaveras, $371; Colusa. $342; Contra Coeta,
$46t$; Del Norte. $354; El Dorado. $268; Fresno.
$402; Glenn. $271; Humboldt. $428; Inyo, $275;
Lake. $311; Lassen. $233; Marln. $475; Marl
posa, $310; Mendocino. $323; Modoe, $3«2;
Mono. J357; Monterey, ?3$2; Napa, $416; Ne
vada, $457; Placer. $380; Plumas. $288; Sac
ramento, $371; San Francisco. $783: San
Benlto. $275; San Joaquin. $433; San Mateo.
$453; Santa Clara, $509; Santa Cruz, $443;
Shasta. $338; Sierra, $314; Siaklyou, $360;
Solano, $433; Sonoma, $429; Stanislaus, $319;
Butter, $301; Tehama. $339; Trinity. $306;
Tuolumne, $423; Yolo, |381; Tuba. $413.
These counties, as I have said, are the
northern counties of this State, and the figures
quoted are computed from the figures In State
Superintendent Kirk's report, but the same in
equalities occur in the southern counties.
The figures given establish. I think, the
fact that the State money is not equitably
distributed to the teachers of the State.
It Is proposed to increase the State census
child per capita from $7 to $9, In order to
raise enough State money to pay our teachers
larser salaries.
Let us see what this proponed increase would
do for the teachers In the counties quoted
above. The figures are as follows: Alameda,
from $570 to $700; Alpine, $248 to *300; Ama
dor. $3S8 to $464; Butte. $335 to $422: Cala
vera*. $371 to $413; Colusa. $342 to $412- Con
tra Costa $466 to $566; Del Norte $354 to
$429: El Dorado. $268 to $322; Fresno. $402 to
$495; Glenn, $271 to $328; Humboldt $428 to
$520; Inyo. $275 to $357; Lake. $311 to $376;
Lasaen. $293 to $S55; Marln. $475 to $584;
Mariposa. $310 to $3B5: Mendocino $323 to
S39O: Modoc $362 to $431; Mono $357 to $432;
Monterey. $382 to $462; Napa. $416 to #500;
Nevada. $457 to $548; Placer, $380 to $457;
Plumas, $288 to $345: Sacramento, $371 to
$449; San Francisco. $7S3 to $078; San Benito
$275 to $332; San Joaquln. $433 to $526; San
Mateo, $453 to $550; Santa Clara $509 to $615-
Santa Cruz $443 to $538; Shasta" $338 to $407;
Sierra. $314 to $378: Sloklyou. $3«0 to $436;
Solano. $433 to $520; Sonoma. $429 to $521;
Stanislaus. $319 to $.195; Suttcr, J301 to $366*
Tehama. $339 to $408; Trinity. $305 to $366-
Tuolumne. $423 to $508; Yolo, $381 to $460;
Yuba. $413 to $490.
Special Dispatch, to Th« Call.
MARYSVILLE, Oct, 14.— Claud F.
Hankins, the boy murderer, was con
victed of murder in the second degree
and recommended to the mercy of the
court to-day by a jury. The jury was
out eight hours. It is understood that
from the time the jury retired at noon
until shortly before it announced its
readiness to report that eleven of the
twelve men wanted a verdict of mur
der in the flrst degree.
When the jury announced its verdict
Attorney Carlin for the defense created
a scene by accusing the foreman of the
jury of unjurorlike conduct after the
case had been submitted. Only the in
tervention of Judge McDaniel prevent
ed a lively mixup.
The last few hours of the trial were
enlivened by the bickerings of the at
torneys in the case. While making his
closing address to the jury District At
torney Brittan accused Attorneys Car
lin arid Johnson, counsel for the de
fendant, of concocting the story told
by the defendant on the witness stand
yesterday of the brutal action of Ham
kins 1 victim toward the boy before he
was killed by the latter. An exciting
scene followed. Attorney Carlin de
manded the protection of the court
from alleged insult and . branded the
accusation as a lie. When Brittan
asked who made up the defense Carlin
replied, "God Almighty."
The trial has been remarkable for the
efforts of the attorneys on both sides.
On account of the extreme youth of the
boy defendant the District Attorney
was required to make a great show of
evidence to convince the jury of his
guilt, while the crime was so cold
blooded and the admissions made so
incriminating that the defendant's at
torneys were required to put forth ex
tra efforts to justify the deed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The value of the wine and brandy
•which will be made in Fresno for the
special religious occasion is estimated
at $50,000. Three vineyards are under
consideration by the rabbis. In the
making of the liquor not a Christian
hand will touch the grapes or the vats
or the barrels, which, when filled, will
ea< h bear the official seal of the rabbis.
A large army of orthodox Jews, men
who are known never to- work on the
Pabbath day. will be engaged to ac
company Rabbi Grodinsky and Rabbi
Cohn to Fresno and during the wine
making the greatest precaution will be
observed to assure the carrying out of
the work in the strictest orthodox man
ner. The rabbis are expected to leave
this city for Fresno on Monday.
The rabbis are men of devout de
meanor and are specially and deeply
concerned in the orthodoxy of their
Jewish brethren. They have been sent
out to the rich Fresno vineyards by
a company in the East, to which will
be sent the wine and brandy and which
In turn will distribute it to various
cities in America, The head of the
company is B. Manischeivitx of 820
Clark street. Cincinnati, and all those
who form the corporation belong to the
Jewish community.
The Jewish community of the United
States is- to have its Passover wine and
brandy made in California. With the
object of fallowing out the ancient and
orthodox methods in the making of the
wire and brandy". Rabbi H. Grodinsky.
rabbi of all the orthodox members of
the Jewish faith in Omaha, Neb., and
Rabbi Cohn of the Congregation Bran
fker. New York City, have arrived in
San Francisco on their way to Fresno,
where the wine and brandy making is
to take place.
BOSTON, Oct. It.— The ' House of
Deputies of the Episcopal General Con
vention, at the close of a four day3*
debate, to-day rejected an amendment
to the divorce canon. The amendment
sought to prevent the remarriage of
divorced persons by clergymen of the
denomination. While the House of
Bishops may yet act on the matter. It
is certain that no change will be made
by the present convention.
The present law of the church, which
has been In operation since 1859, al
lows the remarriage of the innocent
party to a divorce granted for infidel
ity. At several conventions attempts
have been made to repeal this law.
A vote was 'taken to-day by the
House of Deputies, sitting as a com
mittee of the whole, on the question
of reporting the proposed amendment
The reformers were successful by a
vote of 214 to 191, and this vote was
regarded as representing the actual
strength of the contending forces. The
final vote, however, was taken by dio
ceses and orders, and where a diocese
was evenly divided in sentiment its
strength was counted in the negative.
The vote by dioceses was; Clerical—
For the amendment, 30; against, 21; di
vided, 10. Lay vote— For, 25; against.
24; divided. 6.
Practically the entire strength of the
Middle Western States, the stronghold
of the High Church party, declared for
the proposed reform, but the Pacific
States and a number of the Southern
States voted against a change of the
present canon. The diocese of New
York opposed the amendment, while
that of Pennsylvania favored it. Ver
mont, New Hampshire and West
ern Massachusetts voted for a change,
as did the lay delegates from Rhode
Island. The clerical deputies from
Maine favored the amendment, but the
votes of Connecticut and Massachu
setts were cast in the negative.
The issue was not a party one, al
though the whole strength of the High
Church forces was given to the reform
movement. The president of the House
of Deputies, Rev. Dr. W. H. McKim
of Washington, voted for the old
canon, although the clerical vote of
his diocese supported the proposed
change. The convention will hold no
session to-morrow.
Executive Plainly Expresses
His Views in Letter Read
to Teachers at Woodland
Attorneys for Defense and
Prosecution Enliven Pro
ceedings by War of Words
Bishops May Yet Act on the
Matter, but This Session
Will See No Amendments
No Christian Hand Will Be
Permitted to Touch the
Fruit, or Vat or Barrels
ORTHODOXY THEIR AIM
DECISION IS CLOSE
OPPOSES PROPOSED TAX
MERCY IS RECOMMENDED
Rabbis Arrive From East
to Make Luscious Liquids
From California's Grapes
Murder in Second Degree Is
Verdict of Marysville Citi
zens in the Hankins Case
Episcopal Deputies Vote to
Reject Proposed Change
in the Existing Canon
Governor Pardee Is Not Satis
fied With Manner in Which
the 3Ioney Is Distributed
JEWISH WINE
FOR PASSOVER
OLD DIVORCE
RULE TO STAND
WRITES ABOUT
SCHOOL FUNDS
BOY IS FOUND
GUILTY BY JURY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1904.
Will Play "Bossy"
in Hoyt Comedy
9
AMUSEMENTS.
CULUmfil A LEAD1S3 THEA.iS
MATINEE TO-DAY
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
FRANK DANIELS
In the Laughing. Musical Beauty Show.
THE OFFICE BOY
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
The Greatest of All Musical Comedlw.
SAN TOY
With James T. Powers as M LP
SEATS NOW SELLING.
At AIlfiilDDl B *«- 8u4 * y Wl^L
toe ALIIAJUDKA Twelve Concerts
Matinees Tues.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sunday.
SOUSA SEATS READY
DDlfEv Evenings. $1 30. II. 75c, 60c.
rKitCJ Matinees, »1. 73c. SOc^
i MATINEE TO-DAY
Immense Success of the First Production In
English of the Famous Comic Opera,
RASTELBINDER
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
EVERY NIGHT
SAME PRICES 23c. 50c. 73c
j
A BIG NEW SHOW!
Lewis McCord and Company; Bicker and
Nelson; "A Hlrht in Venice": Murphy
and Wlllard; Julius IS. Taanen. and
Orphcum Motion Pictures. Last times
of BCoey and tee; Pelix and Barry, and
Mme. Avary Strakoidu
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day Saturday and Sunday.
! ' Prices— 10c, 23c and 50c.
/ — CALIFORNIA-^
MATINEE TO-DAT.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT.
Of the Enormous Musical Comedy Hit.
1 TENDERFOOT
With PHILIP H. RYLEY and Big
New York Company of Sixty.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
Hoyt's "A TEXAS STEER."
Greatest Cast Since Original Produc-
tion, including
Harry B. Emery. Will H. Bray and
May L. Stockton.
ALCAZAR "S^r
General Manager.
Tn-NIGHT— IUTS.~T(M)AY AND SUNDAY
ENORMOUS SUCCESS
OF JOHN CRAIG. LILLIAN LAWRENCE and
ELIZABETH WOODSON, with the old Alcazar
Favorites. In R. C. Carltcn's Comedy.
m f\ w^ f"% "Finest company ever
f \J f\Lr* at the Alcazer."— Bulle-
AND On "
LADY ALCY
Evgs. 23c to 73c; Mats. Sat. and Sun., 23c to SOc
Next Monday — Clyde Fitch's Great Comedy.
THE WAY OF THE WORLD.
First Time in San Francisco.
PSi I O/0&H MAYER
&T3-nT5 ™ v liFQEma props
Market St.. Near 8th. Phone South 533.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of Rider
Haggard's Powerful Oriental Drama,
44 |K,, IT Y a . 55
POPULAR PRICES— Eve., 10c to 50c; Mats..
• 10c, 15c. 25c.
October 17— Champioa of the World JAMES
J. JEFFRIES in "DAVY CROCKET."
See THREE ROUND SPARRING EXHIBI-
TION between James J. ; Jeffries and Joseph
Kennedy.
Weekly Call. $1 per Year-
AMUSEMENTS.
UNION COURSING PARK
9. j. axn.LT Tad?*
JAB. 7. G SACS MUnt
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
October 15 and 16.
Class and
Reserve StaKes
112— NOMINATIONS— 112
$1000— TOTAL PURSE— $1000
TRAIN SERVICE.
Trains lsave Third and Town««nd atre»ta
Saturday at 11 a. m.. Sunday at 10:13 a, m.
and 1 p. m.. stopping at Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets five minutes later. Returning
after the last course. San Mateo electric cars
•very four minutes to park entrance direct.
LAST TWO WEEKS OP"
HOWARD JACOTTS BURLESQUE.
101 THE LI"
The funniest. th« very best of them.
MAGNIFICENTLY MOUNTED.
Delightfully Acted and Sunc
Nights. 23c. SOc and 75c.
Sat. and Sun. Matinees. 23c and 5Ox
Children at matinees. 10c and 25c
Remember, tha last two weeks.
GRANT) SS5§g
"FUUKIEST LOOT OF THE SEASOM." —
Bfanche Pariingfon.
MATINEE TO-DAT— LAST NIGHT.
THE
BURGOMASTER
BEGINNING TO-MORROW MATINEE.
Augustus Thomas' Great Play ,
ARIZONA
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE TO-DAT.
Oliver Morocco offers the greatest theatrical
sensation ever presented en the local stage.
I A JAPANESE
NIGHTINGALE
A Play of Oriental Life. Comedy. Drama.
Spectacular.
Prices remain unchanged.
MONDAT NIGHT BENEFIT for OUTDOOR
ART LEAGUE.
TED E. BO>C,
The Bloarrapn. Snowtnsr "PEBSO2TAI*."
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Eveniaar la tha Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
XSrXATTTBS SLECTSIC KAU.EOAD.
SEVEN BABT LIONS IN THE ZOO,
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
PBISMATIC EI.ECTKIC POUNTArar
DXSF&AT TO-OTOKT.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN So
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
HOFMANN
PIANIST.
FAREWELL CONCERT
Tivoli Opera House
TO-MORROW Sunday) AFTERNOON
Popular Prices— H 50. $1. 80c. Now on Sale
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
BASEBALL
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY. FRIDAY a
3:15 P. at.
SATURDAY 8:00 P. M.
8CNDAY 2:30 P. M.
LADIES PREE THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
Advance *al« of seats at 5 Stockton Stx««C
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
No other soap in
the world is*' used .so
much ; or so little of
it goes so far.
Sold all over the world
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO,
¦;¦ 9331 MARKET ST.. 0PP. MMS0N.
MUSIC, INSTRUMENTS, STRINGS-
PRAGERS
"¦-¦•- " ¦¦¦-
There Will Be
"Something Doing"
At Pragers
TO-DAY
Don't Miss It.
Eh| eh EH Jd s9B I -J b9 I '» t'-j 7 £4 # i
£| ALWAYS RELIABLE |
1250MARKETST.^>| [
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
The
Chocolate Girl
TELLS THB STORY
TRADE MARK j
You will find her on every genuine I
package of
BAKER'S
Breakfast Cocoa
THE FINEST IN THE WORLD
4I HIGHEST AWARDS
jJL in Europe and America
Walter Baker & Co. Ltd. !
Established 1780 DORCHESTER, MASS.
U.nTCDci CUKE SICK HEADACHE.
UAKItKu ,
EpiTTLE Genuine Must Bear
@ IVER Fac-Simila Signature
H PILLS.
PfliarA DOI>rT FAIL TO
rdldtC 8ee the beautifu ,
j COURT Lounging
fl fifl to*™* the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
f> "*' j PALM ROOM, the
urnnn louis xv par.
U1U11U LOR, and the LA.
n^i- DIES' WRITING
Hotels roqm.
* j
MISCEJJuAXEOUS^ AMPSEMjPfTS^
BEN GREEl'S PLAYERS
At LYRI3 HALL 119 Eddy St.
Last* Two Performances
Matinee To-day at 3. by Special Request.
MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING
TO-XXGHT
TWELFTH NIGHT
Seats $1 50. $1, 75c. Sherman. Clay & Co.' a
POSl'UAI CE3U3AI*.
AD the many ails caused
by coffee yield to
well boiled
POSTUM
FOOD COFFEE.
Get the famous' little book. "The
Road to WeUville." in each package.The Supervisors of Sonoma County
have reduced the limit bag to twenty
five ducks. This affects the Alameda
Gun Club and all the clubs along the
Petaluma marsh. The clubmen ar*
opposed to the new ordinance.
Victoria Island, off the San Joaquln,
is reported alive with ducks. Many
men wfll go from here after them and
Tvill meet a number of Stockton sports
men at the island.
DR. MERRITT PAID.— Judge Coffey y e «.
terday granted Dr. Emma L>. Merrltt a par
tial distribution, amounting to $13,628 30 of
her Inheritance under the will of her father,
Adoli>h Sutro.
SHORT IN HIS ACCOUNTS.— Walter E.
Stone wat arrested on Thursday night by De
tectives Dlnan and Wren and locked up In
"the tanks" at the City Prison. Stono has
been a collector on a morning paper for twen
ty-eight years. About a week ago he fell
out of a buggy and was laid up. It la alleged
that something developed during his absence
which led to an Investigation of his accounts
ar.d tha discovery of a deficiency of $2S00. He
hae not yet been charted.
The Thistles, who won the 1903
1S04 championship of the California
Association Football League, -will play
a match agaln?t the Vampire eleven
nt Freeman's Park, Oakland, on the
23d inst. The profits will be devoted
to the fund for purchasing medals for
last season's winners.
At the old National Baseball
grounds, Ninth and Bryant streets, the
Occidental club of the California As
sociation Football League will meet
the Parnell team, the champions of
the Gaelic Athletic Association, to
morrow. The ball will be kicked off
at 3 p. m. The Gaelic players met the
association footballers a few weeks
ago and neither side scored against
the other. They are confident, how
ever, of winning to-morrow's match.
The game will be under the rules of
association football and the teams
will occupy the following positions:
Farnells. Position*. Occidental*
n»rrm (Capt.).. Goalkeeper Rujhton
P. Fcanloa Ripht back Ticrney
J. Scanlon Left back Milne
Itl&ht halfback Hayes
'^ v »n Center halfback.. .Mattheson
AUen Left halfback HI Ki rins
O' Brten Outride right Gc-odlet
McGuire Inside right Anderson
(-'ulllvan Center forward. T.S.Lydon(C)
liorgan Ineld« left Grade
Murphy Outside left Smith
WU1 Go Up Against Occidental Eleven
on Old National Baseball
Ground Sunday.
PARXELL TEAM TO PLAY
ASSOCIATION' FOOTBALL
At the end of the first year, the
artist says, Barnhart & Swasey re
fused to raise his salary. The mat
ter was compromised. Then Martinez,
the impressionist and pupil of the best
masters at Paris, was forced to Join
the Sign Painters' Union. The ini
tiation fee for the same is $35. More
humiliations came, Martinez alleges
that his salary was reduced and that
he was discharged. The indignant Im
pressionist intends to sue Barnhart &
Swasey for $200 back pay, which he
claims is due him.
After putting his artistic brush to
commercial use and decorating sign
boards with impressionistic paintings,
Xavier Martinez now complains that
Barnhart & Swasey, his employers, re
fuse to carry out the contract entered
into with him. Martinez claims that
the firm hired him for five years with
the understanding that he was to re
ceive a $5 raise In his monthly salary
every year. On these considerations
Martinez decided to sacrifice art for a
monthly wage.
Xavior Martinez, Who Painted Signs
for Firm, Says That Back
Pay Is Due.
ART AND COMMERCIAIiISM
MA"V CLiASH IX THE COURTS
The cardinal eleven will have the ad
vantage of an exceptionally cool and
heady field general and quarter-back.
Fenton, who will give the signals and
run the plays, is of the same stuff that
makes Bansbach so useful to the var
sity, gritty and heady, and he can be
depended upon to keep the team to
gether at all stages of the game.
The Stanford baby team will go on
the field averaging 170 pounds to the
man. There are no stars in the aggre
gation and well rounded team work
will have to be responsible for victory
il that is obtained. Tomasini, Fenton
and Cadwalader are first-class punters
and should excel Berkeley in this de
partment of the game.
The defense of the team is good, and
cross-tackle bucks, with Tomasini and
Horton carrying the ball much of the
time, will be depended upon for quick
gains on the offensive. These two
players should prove a source of mar
velous strength to the freshmen, as
both are playing in varsity form and
stand a good chance for a place on the
big eleven.
Coach C. D. Hauverman, who has
had entire charge of the freshman
squad all year, i: hopeful of victory for
his team. "We will try to get the jump
on Berkeley," he said this afternoon,
"and if we do they'll never stop us
short of the goal. Our line is better
than California's and our backs are
their equals. This fact gives us an ad
vantage and, barring accidents, I don't
see how we can lose."
What the outcome of this year's
struggle will be is a matter of consid
erable doubt. From the showing the
California team has made against pre
paratory school elevens it would seem
that Berkeley has an advantage over
the cardinal eleven, but Stanford has a
way of coming up with a rush at the
end of the season. The 190S team may
duplicate the contest of last year,
when, contrary to all expectations,
Berkeley was defeated. Freshmen
games are always a gamble until the
whistle sounds for the end of the
match, because of the .unexpected good
and miserable plays which young and
inexperienced teams go through.
This will be the eleventh annual
struggle for supremacy between the
entering classes of the two great uni
versities. Stanford has won six games
and California four. In the preliminary
games of the season the cardinal
youngsters have defeated Palo Alto
High, 6 to 0; Oakland, 16 to 0; tied
Belmont, 6 to 6, and lost to Santa Clara,
10 to 0.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 14.
On the new California field to-morrow
the best eleven football players of
Stanford's entering class will line up
against the same number of men from
the 1908 class of the University of Cal
ifornia. This will decide the freshman
intercollegiate football championship
for 1904.
Twitchell is hobbling about on
crutches and there is little possibility
that he will be sufficiently recovered, to
play in the game on Saturday.
The men have been at some disad
vantage in having to practice on the
old field, after the heavy rains had put
it in bad condition. Despite the in
juries received on this account by some
of the men the reserve list was big
enough to fill up the ranks when any
man had to fall out and the line up
now "looks good" to Coach KerfooL
He fully expects his team to win.
Spectators at the game will have a
double pleasure in that they will see
a great game of football played on a
field that is destined to become historic,
but which has never yet felt the rush
of twenty-two collegians in a big inter
collegiate game. The field will receive
its dedication on Saturday. Though
not yet completed it is in condition for
play and will present many features of
unusual interest to those who have not
witnessed the preliminary work of its
construction. The work has cost about
$13,000, the excavation alone entailing
an expense of $4000. There are to be
no Beats reserved.
Not in the history of the game at the
university has there been such belief
In the ability of the freshmen eleven
to defeat the cardinal. There are rea
eons for this. One is found in the un
usual amount of work done on the
baby team. The men have been coach
ed and drilled and nursed by Lee Ker
foot as never before were freshmen
drilled. Again, secret signal practice
has been given the freshmen for the
first time in the history of freshmen
teams. Individual playing and resist
ance to opposition have been encourag
ed and now team work and speed are
being developed. The result is ex
pected to be a victory for California
over Stanford.
Sperry, the halfback who has been
practicing with the varsity, has put in
eame work with the freshmen. He
is a tower of strength and Is in mag*
nificent condition.
Golcher, left half, is perhaps the most
brilliant performer behind the line. He
Is a bit light and cannot be expected
to buck the line for heavy gains, but
he is fast, quick to take an opening
and his runs are always for good gains.
Snowden, right half, is perhaps t<x>
easily fooled by fake plays, but when
on the offensive he is telling at bucks
and is also lleet of foot.
Captain Allen has the confidence of
the team to an unusual degree. He is
a light man, weighing but 160 pounds.
He is quick to think and old players
t-ay a headier performer never handled
a freshmen team.
One circumstance which has contrib
uted to the team's confidence is the
fact that the freshmen scored against
the varsity team in practice a few days
ago, a most unusual happening.
Henriott is keeping out of the game.
His ankle is too weak to permit of his
working on the field in its present con
dition.
Zacharias is to play with a steel
brace cm his arm.
BERKELEY, Oct. 14.— Despite the
fact that Golcher, halfback on the
freshman team, and Booth, who is try
ing to make quarterback on the var
sity, are suffering from injuries, confi
dence in the victory of the California
team to-morrow is supreme among Its
members.
Freshmen Pleased at
Scoring Over the
Men of Varsity
Average Weight of the
Men Is One Hundred
and Seventy Pounds
INTEND TO SET
A FAST PACE
CLEVER WORK
OF THE TEAM
Stanford Will Send
a Splendid Eleven
Into the Contest
Despite Injured Men
Berkeley Expects
to Beat Stanford
FOOTBALL ADHERENTS
OF RIVAL COLLEGES
CONFIDENT OF VICTORY
Class stake— McVey. Carlow Boy. Orslna,
J.lelllnwood. Pasha Pleasant. Amandan. Hud
soil, Renegade Apache, Jlgamaroo, Tom King,
Friendless Boy, Frisky Barbara. Full Moon.
Valley Pride. Galveston. . Charter Member.
Haphazard, Lost Chord, Oulda. Fancy .Free,
Lord Brazen, Rector, -La Rosa' and Belle Free.
¦ Reserve ntake — False Alarm, Royal Spirit.
Queen's Motto. Shadow, Our Motto,- Rusty
Anchor, Texas Betty, Stlnararee, Mark Twain,
Bob R. Advance Guard, Ina. Cissus, Wild
Norah. Story's Sister, Paul Dunbar. Real
Pasha, Remit so, Anlmo, Concord Tralee. Hush
Away, 'Frinco Lad. Glaucua. • Ml Anileo. Star
Sylvanus, -Frank C. Jack . Short. The Delta,
Angus Cissus, Haughty Helen, Prompto. Texas
Hoo • Hoo. Golden Garter ; and Confident.
The coursing at Ingleslde Park this
week will be limited to one day. An
open stake,* together with the trials left
undecided last week, will be run ;. to
morrow. The likely 'winners In the open
stake look to be: -
Fretter,' Cubanola. Annie Ryne, Smller
Frisky Boy. Lady Menio, Equator, Young Fear
less, Fair. Tralee, Rolling Boer, Golden For
tune, Prometheus, Manru, Cascade. . May Tun
lson, Aerodh, Butte CJty.f Jerry Wright, FranK
Dunn, Icellus, . Chu Choo,- vFalry ¦¦¦ Belle,' Good
as - Gold. ' Humboldt, Reckless '. Acrobat, ' Bel
test, ? Clover Blossom, Tom Hurllclc . .
* -
The greyhound kennels of Montana
will be well represented on the fields
here this winter, j D. Dougherty of
Butte has reserved two entries for the
John Grace cup. ¦ George H. Macdou
gall will have two representatives in
the stake, while Blake & Smith will
have three if . the dates do not con
flict with those of the Waterloo cup.
R. B. Morehead of Los Angeles has
reserved an entry for New Home Boy,
while E. Janicke, also of Los Angeles,
has ! nominated Eagle Bird, the win
ner of the Junior Champion event.
James Sweeney has sold the prom
ising puppies Sherman and Story's Sis
ter - to J. Dennis. He has also . sold
Little Dainty to E. J. McCarthy.
The winter season of. coursing will
commence to-morrow at Fresno..
Two. stakes will be run at Union
Park to-day and to-morrow. Two
rounds of the reserve event will- be
disposed of to-day. The running will
commence upon the arrival' of the 11
o'clock train. The likely winners:
Butte Kennels Will Send
Their Strongest Kepre
sentatives to City.
The schedules of the San Francisco
and Corinthian Yacht clubs show to
day and to-morrow as open dates. The
fleet of the California Yacht Club will
cruise over to Sausalito this evening
and will drop anchor off the clubhouse.
To-morrow the fleets of the San Fran
cisco and California clubs will cruise
outside the heads in company.
Next Sunday, the 22d inst., will be
closing day for the San Francisco
Yacht Club. On the following day the
closing cruise of the season will be
made on signal from the flagship.
The Corinthians will cruise to Corin
thian Cove on the 22d, where the an
nual games will be held on Sunday.
Saturday, the 29th inst., will be closing
day. and on Sunday, the 30th inst., the
last. cruise of the fleet in squadron will
take place. The California yachtsmen'
also will hold their closing entertain
ment on Saturday, « the 29th, and their
last scheduled cruise on the 30th.
The stormy weather last Sunday
kept most of the yachts of the Sari
Francisco and Corinthian clubs at their
moorings, though a few made short
cruises in the afternon. Among the
boats under way were the flagship
Challenger, the sloops Ariel and Cur
lew. The little Corinthian sloop Ruby,
which has her regular moorings off
North Beach, cruised over to Tiburon,
returning the same afternoon.
The Corinthians were to have cruised
last Saturday evening to Paradise
Cove and to have field ' a small yacht
regatta there last Sunday. The weath
er, however, was so unpropltious on
Saturday afternoon that Port Captain
John H. Keefe decided to make the
Tiburon clubhouse the headquarters of
his hospitable preparations. He tele
phoned to as many of the yacht own
ers as he could 'reach, bidding them to
partake of a boiled dinner. Corned
beef and cabbage, boiled' ham, clam
chowder and : other : good things were
served in the big room of the club
house, where a cheery log fire blazed.
In spite of the rough weather E. F.
Sager, S. S. Marshall, "Jack" Short,
with "Jerry" and "Jack" Stack, went
aboard the sloop Edna and sailed to
Vallejo, which they reached in two and
a ! half hours. They : returned to ; moor
ings in Belvedere Cove about noon on
Sunday.
San Francisco Tars Will Sail
With Visitors Outside
Heads Sunday. *
MONTANA GREYHOUNDS
TO BE COURSED HERE
A PAIR OF GAME BIRDS AND
TYPICAL SCENES ON THE
MARSHES.
CALIFORNIA AMATEURS
CRUISE TO SAUSALITO
COMMITTEE ARRANGES
PLAYERS IN CLASSES
Tennis Enthusiasts Bated
According to Their Past
Performances.
Da SUva Indicted Again.
A second Indictment was presented
by the Federal Grand Jury In the
United States District Court yester
day against Lee Toy and H. L. A. Eca
da Sllva. It charges them Jointly with
having imported into the United State3
for Immoral purposes Yuen Choy Fung
and Lee Gum Kew. females. A bench
warrant was issued for the arrest of
the accused and ball fixed at J5000
each. They are already under $5000
bonds each.
The tennis players are planning
many tournaments for the winter
months. If the weather is at all fav
orable the California Club and park
courts will be busy with match play
almost every Sunday and holiday.
There are more players here than
ever before and the game is winning
devotees every day.
The newly appointed tournament
committee of the California Tennis
Club met during the week and ar
ranged a schedule for the remainder of
the year. The continuous tournament
will be revived, but will be run in a
different manner from those held In
the past. The last event of this kind,
held three or four years ago, was suc
cessful while it lasted, but as usual
the interest soon died out.. All of the
active players of the club have been
classified. There are four classes, ten
players In Ihe first, twenty-one in the
second, eighteen in the third, and thir
ty in the fourth. When the continu
ous tournament is started the players
ir each class will draw for places.
Each player will have the right to
challenge the man above him, but if
beaten cannot rechallenge him until
the man below has been disposed of.
If the man directly above him is not
present he may challenge the player
two or three numbers above him. In
no case can a player challenge one
more than three numbers ahead of
him. At the end of every three
months prizes will be awarded the
player ranking No. 1 and to the two
players who have advanced the most.
This tournament will make It possible
to classify the players strictly on per
formances. '
Aside from the continuous tourna
ment there will be other events held
on Sundays and holidays. On the 30th
of this month there will be a handicap
doubles tournament for the Directors'
cups. On Thanksgiving day there will
be a - handicap singles event and on
Christmas r day a scratch doubles. In
the latter tournament partners will be
drawn by lot. As usual a class sin
gles tournament will be held New
Year's day. It is the intention of the
committee to hold ladles' and mixed
doubles tournaments also.
The active players of the club were
classified as follows:
'¦'First, class— Will Allen. W. B. Collier. Dr.
Hardy. F. S. Mitchell, J. D. . MacGavtn. Dr.
McChesney, Grant- Smith. J. S. Tobin. Will
Taylor and Harry Welhe. '
Second .• class — Ray fa'^ll valo, - S. II. Adams.
H. Butler. D. V. Moore. O. H. Busch. R. B.
Cornell. RT Crawford. A. Chesebrough. Carl
Gardner. H. Halght. Dr. Hill. M, Johnson, O.
Janes. H. Long. B. F. Nonrse.'H. Kolfe. 3.
Salisbury. H. Schmidt. C. J. Smith. A. Taylor
and R. Variel.
Third class— G. Armsby. A. Ames. O. Fuller,
!¦'« >J? nt *x?'» Or * Ot V^- Ken y°n. C- Kuehn. W.
£ J?l er ' M - *~° n *- D*. Lovegrove. H. Puniwtt.
!h T *"«£. *>r. A. Beyfuss. L. Bald
win. W. Pare. H. Parker, G. Cutter
Fourth class— N. BlalsdelL L. Bozartn. IT.
£M r A. E. Black, O. Cogwlll, F. Fuller. B.
Golcher. H. Gould. H. Hume. B. Ivancovlch.
H. Jones. P Kahn. W. Knowlton. II. Llsser.
G. Llsser. M^ Lime. W. Murphy. H. McAfee.
Dr. Woble. W O'Hara. C. N. R&vlin. E. Rob
v3v»&. Sl ?i th \, H - s Prtng. H. Sullivan. P.
lace and W. Johnson. ¦ *
To-morrow the grand rally of vet
erans that was postponed last Sun
day on account of rain will take place
on the ground at Webster street, Ala-'
medi. The teams will be selected by
Henry Ward, vice president of the
California Cricket Association, and
J. J. Theobald of the Pacific Cricket
Club from such of the following aa
may be present:
J. Addison. A. E. Acklom. A. E. Altken. J».
T. Britten, C. Banner, Captain Black. H. E.
Boulton, J. V. Bird. II. W. Brown. Henry
Dlion. A. Dickensun. Taliesln Evans. J. FUh
er. Captain Hall. C. n. HllJ. Edwin Hood. Nor
man Logan. James Lowe. J. H. Harbour. C.
W. Irian. J. M. McLean, Captain Metcalfe.
R. J. Mould. R. Jones, Arthur Price, J. J.
Mortarity. W. II. McNaughton. H. F. Pepy».
J. 8. Purdy. W. Reeves, Joseph W. Roberts, T.
Smith. J. H. Splro. J. Shepard. E. O. Sloman,
W R. Stewart. J. H. Saunders. T. J. A.
Tledemann. Captain Wilding. Dr. Wardlaw.
Henry Ward and George Wiseman.
A. W. Wilding, secretary of the Pa
cific Club, is the first to get out the
averages of his clubmen, which are
given in the following tables:
Pacific Cricket Club — Batting average, 1904:
£11! I 2
BATSMEX. 3 o 5 , g *
gig- 3 " •
A. " W. Wilding [12! 2|107»|399l irW.OO
E H. Wilkes 101 OtlOl 2.V. U5.3O
H. I>. Bowly Ill 2 57 19621.77
E. T. Langdale 2 0 IS 33!l7.3O
H. C. Casidy 8 2 52 102ll7.0O
W Petherlck lOl 1 41* 105111.8ft
E. H. M. Lannowe 12| Of 29 102 8.5O
J. Myers 101 II 21 74 8.23
Dr. O N. Taylor 7| 2| 14» 33 6.60
F. Lewln 61 if 16 32 6.4©
N Logan 4 0 ft 23 6.2S
J.' J. Theobald [ 4| 2] 3» 11 5.50
D B Jamieson 71 0! 15 34! 4.85
B.' M. Altman 21 1| !• 2! 2. 00
K. Read 21 0| 3 31 1.50
H. -N. Storrg 6| lj 2* «\ l.M
•Not out.
The following played in one Innings
only for the Pacific Club: The Rev. S.
H. Wlngfleld Dlgby, 74 runs; T. W.
Bewley, 6 runs; C. P. Coles, 1 run; Q»
L. Hurst. 0.
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB— BO"WXINO AV
ERAGES. 19O*.
BOWLER. : a : ~ *»
m • a> »
E H Wllke« ~753 ~~Zl ~270 19 .14.89
H C Casldy 584 8 263 17 15.7H
O N. Taylor 711 30 297 17 17.63
El H M. Lannow*.. 468 13 203 11 13.73
H D Bowly 838 7 143 8 24.15
r>" b' Jamieson 310 6 169 6 2S.5O
F Lewln 316 10 130 4 32.30
W. Petherlck TO 1 50 1
H. N. Storw 36 1 11 0
T W Bewl«y 18 0 7 0
J.' Myers 6 0 4 0|
Wilkes bowled 4 wldes and 9 no balls; Casidy
•» wtdes: Taylor 1 wide; Lannowe 1 no ball:
Jamieson 2 wtdea; Lewln 1 wide; Petherlck I
wide.
A G. Annesley has becoms a member of
the Paclflo Cricket Club.
It was intended to wind rvD the
cricket season of 1904 with a match
between the winners of the cham
pionship and an eleven made ur> from
other clubs in the California Cricket
Association. As San Francisco County
won the championship the combined
eleven would have been made up of
Alameda. Pacific and Santa Crtia In
about equal proportions. The match
was to have been played at Santa
Cruz, but the season has so far ad
vanced that the game will be de
clared off.
M. H. McAllister, Harry Babcock,
Colonel R. E. Eddy, the Gerber broth
ers, Henry Fortman, Dr. Davis, Mr.
Eells. I. Upham, W. R. Whittler, W. F.
Whlttier and other well-known sports
men will be oft the Suisun marsh as
usual.
E. E. Drake, W. S. Wattles, Clar
ence Nauman and Charles Lalng are
on the V. M. C. Club preserye this
morning trying to reduce the visible
supply of ducks.
James P. Sweeney will shoot ducks
on his preserve at Mowries this morn
ing and will go to the Empire preserve
for quail to-morrow. The quaii are
plentiful in Monterey County and the
club members are assured of good sport
in quest of them.
The members of the Spooney Gun
Club who will be on their Mount Eden
preserve are: Dr. J3. N. Short, L.
Brommer, L. R. Larzalere, Dr. A. T.
Hervy, William Wolf, George Morse,
Rod Guyette and John Miles.
A number of members of the Family
Club have organized under the name
of the Canvasback Club and have pur
chased 300 acres of marsh land near
Suisun for a preserve. They are neigh
bors of Hermann Oelrichs and Joe
Harvey. Phil Bekeart, Ned Dimond
'and Mr. Titus are the leading spirits
in the new club.
Hermann Oelrichs has made elabor
ate arrangements to give the ducks a
warm reception at his private pre
serve. Among the necessities he has
provided are 6000 shells. It will keep
himself and his friends busy for some
time disposing of these.
A. M. Cummlng, A. Roos. L. . Harp
harn. Milt. Unger and other members
of the Field and Tule Club expect good
sport on their Suisun preserve.
N. H. Hickman, E. Courtney Ford,
Fred Johnson, William Stanford,
Frank Maskey and others will try their
skill at the Point Reyes Club preserve.
John Bourdette and L. D. • Owens
will shoot over the famous Prlngle
pond. **• ,t.'
Otto Feudner will shoot as a free
lance this season. He made the rep
utation of the Stewart pond last year,
getting the limit nearly every time he
went out.
The season during which ducks may
be killed within the law will open this
morning, and a host of sportsmen will
be on the marshes at dawn to greet the
feathered tribe. A list of the men who
will be out would mean a roster of al
most every person who possesses a
breechloader.
The pressure on the ammunition deal,
ers has been so great, especially for
hand-loaded shells and for decoys, that
orders have been refused right and left.
It Is evident that the owners of pre
serves expect great sport from the
preparations they are making.
Old duck shooters claim there are
more birds within tho borders of the
State than have ever been seen here
before so early in the season. There has
been a desperate winter In the north
and the birds have been driven out of
their quarters. As the storm has been
general it is supposed the birds have
come straight through without stop
ping at the Oregon lakes, as they have
done in other years.
Two flocks of canvasbacks and many
bluebills have been seen at Collinsville,
something unheard of in other years at
this date.
There Is a wide difference of opinion
as to the number of birds which will
be seen to-day at the various preserves.
The unusual weather conditions of the
past few days have left the sportsmen
at sea, and they can only hope for good
sport. Had the rain held off limit bags
would have been the Jot of all the
shooters. As it is, the rain has not sent
all the birds to the green feed, so the
majority of sportsmen should be able to
show good strings to-night.
The members of the Empire Gun Club
are among those speculating on the
sport in store for them. Some weeks
since their splendid preserve in Mon
terey County was literally carpeted
with fine fat ducks. The rain has scat
tered these to some extent, and wheth
er others will take their places is the
question which will be settled to-day.
Among those who will shoot over the
preserve are Con Roman, F. S. Judah,
Dr. G. G. Gere, C. A. Bennett, R. L.
White, John Pennlngton, J. H. Durst,
Guy T. Wayman. F. Blair Turpin, J. P..
Hauer, L. H. Allen, J. S. Erownell, J.
Peltier, Bert Patrick, Burke Corbett, J.
W. Goodwin, George A. Batchelder, S.
B. Slade, Milton Pray, A. C. Kuhn, W.
O. Cullen, T. C. Van Ness Jr. and L. J.
Aubert.
Teams Composed of Old
Cricketers Will Meet on
Alameda Ground.
VETERANS OF BRITISH
GAME TO SHOW SKILL
Elaborate Preparations Are Being Made by the Owners of
Preserves, and From Appearances Every Man
Who Owns a Gun Will Be Afield.
Sportsmen Anticipate Great Shooting on Marshes
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1904.
DUCK HUNTERS AFIELD AND FRESHMEN READY TO PLAY FOOTBALL
10
FREE FREE FREE.
LUNCH— DINNER— TEA.
CREPE PAPER
SETS
— —Consisting of
TABLE CLOTH,
13 NAPKINS,
13 DOILIES.
As a Table Ornament Nothing
Could Be More Desirable
or Serviceable.
A SET TREE
WITH WANT ADS.
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied page.LEADERS OF THE RiyAL FRESHMAN FOOTBALL TEAMS WHICH WILL
MEET THIS AFTFRNOON ON THE CALIFORNIA FIELD IN THE ELEV
ENTH ANNUAL GRIDIRON STRUGGLE BETWEEN ELEVENS FROM STAN
FORD AND FROM BERKELEY. \ ¦ . ?
•.Weare ssltins agents for "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pen" and • sole agents for
"The Marshall." the best 11.00 p«n In tha
world. Santera. Van * Co. . *.
; REDDING. Oct. 14.— The Blossom ranch
consisting of > 80.000 acres lying ¦ twenty-five
mtles . west of Red Bluff, has been sold. ¦ The
purchaser la the California Realty Trust Com
«any and the price $100, 000.
son and Eddie Johnson was given the
palm over Jimmy Carroll.
Billy Roche offlciated in alT the con
tests and gave a splendid exhibition of
how the third man in the ring -should
act. -iSSSa •¦-¦; ' ' '-
TACOMA, Oct. 14. — The Portland-
Tacoma game was postponed on ac
count of. rain. . . ' " '
SEATTLE, . Oct. 14 .—The Los An
geles-Seattle game was not played to
day on account of rain . ¦
Northern Games , Postponed.
Nick Buriey, the champion middle
weight of the Klondike, knocked out
Joe Millett of this city at Dawson last
Saturday night. The finish came In
the eighth round and Millett was out
for more than half an hour. Buriey
outfought Millett in every . round.'
glvins a good exhibition of boxing: ae
cording to the reports that have
reached here.
Buriey Knocks Milieu Out.
THIRD RACE — Elx , furlongs; three-year
olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. . % Fin.
« to r>— Col. White, 106 (Dugan).. 4 2.4 1 h ,
12 to 1— Terna Rod, 90 (Rice) 2 In 2h
2 to 1— Dameron. 101 ( Austin).*.. 6 4 2 3 2
Time. 1:15«4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. E. A. Chlnn & Co.'» blk. c. (2) by
Cllfford-Lacona. Eduardo 103», Anadarco 103,
Jungle Imp 106, Byplay 99. Lady Sellers 9«.
Eecoboea 100. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlong*; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
7 to 1— Ingolthrlft. 97 (Dlckaon) 5 13 In.
7 to 6— King Rose, 10$ (Munro) 6 2!i2ti
12 to 1— One More, 97 (UcLgn).. 7 3% 3b
Time. 1 -.2794 . Start good. Won driving.
Winner, . C W. Olvena * A Co.'« ' ch. c. (3) by
1 Sixth race, one mile — Durbar won. May
Holllday uecond. Gus Strauss third. Time.
1:46%. . . .
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Oct. ll.^Elm Ridge
racing ¦ummary: "
¦ First race, 'five furlongs — Ara • won, - Macey
second, -Martin Doyle third. Time, 1:05.
• Second race, one mile — St. Tammany won,
Honolulu second, Stunte third. Time, 1 :46. '
Third race, five and a half '¦¦ furlongs — Van
Nes8 won, W. R. - Condon second, * Precious
Stone third. Time, 1:10.
- Fourth race, spring handicap consolation,
five and a half furlongs — Tom Shelley won,
Taxer second, Loretta M third. . Time, l:10Vi.
; Fifth race, ateeplechase, one and a quarter
miles — Mrs. - Grannan won, Evander second.
Creolin third. Time, 2:4OH.
Racing at Kansas City.
31otor Cyclists* Run.
The Pacific Coast Motor Cyclists
will hold a prize runto Livermore
and return to-morrow." The competi
tors will take the 9 o'clock creek route
boat to Oakland. The start will be
made: from Broadway.
SECOND RACE— One mile; two-year-olds
and up: ¦'• . /.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. 8t. « Fin.
8 to 1 — Trogon, 105 (W. Dugan) S S3 1 h '
12 to 1 — Lookaway. 100 (Seder).. 1 4 V, 2 1 i-i
6 to 1— St. Paris, 108 (D. Austin) 6 2 h 3 n
Time, 1:43^. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, K. M. Gillhan's ch. g. (3) by Dr. Mc-
Brlde-Quesal. Sam Stevens 105, Bradley BUI
106, Bnow Cap 100, Renaissance 84. Liddon 82.
Feronia 1O», Shortcake 105, Escanaba 100, Fred
Lazarus 106. finished ae named.
Nationals 8 13 4
Americans .- •. 2 4 8
Batteries— Taylor and Butler; Pelty and
Kahoe. =, :'. .
¦ PITTSBURO, Pa., Oct. 14.— By wlanln* to-'
day's game Cleveland took the po*t-seajon se
ries from Plttaburg. Attendance, 3600. Score:
R. H. B,
Plttsburg 1 2 2
Cleveland 4 11 2
BatUries^ — Flaherty and RobertaUle; Hess
and Bemis.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 14.— After losing thr«*
straight games the St. Louis National League
team struck a batting rally to-day and after
winning the contest by secrlng a run in tta«
seventh Inning, overwhelmed the St. Louis
Americana In the ninth aad scored five run.-*
before they war* retired. Attendance. 100U.
Score :
R. H. E.
Cleveland Beats the Pirates.
BOISE, Idaho. Oct. 14.— It is an
nounced that the Short Line Company
will at once begin the construction of
the Minldoka and Southwestern
branch. This branch, is projected to
run through the tract of land now be
ing reclaimed by the- Government near
Minidoka and through the heart of
the greater tract being developed un
der the Twin Falls irrigation system.
In the. latter tract 100,000 acres are to
•be opened for settlement on Thursday,
October. 20. - '...^:;"r;
Oregon Short Line to Begin Construc
tion of the Mlnldoka and South
western Branch.
•When George Peterson and "Rough
House" Billy McDonald exchanged wal
lops in the main event of the Hayes
Valley Club's show last night the big
crowd of fight fans got a run for their
money that has never been surpassed
at any amateur meeting. Peterson won
in the final round by putting McDonald
down for the count. The latter came"
back fighting, and again he went to the
carpetl He had still another comeback,
and when the bell tapped both men
were mixing it at a furious pace. Peter
son outfought his man all the way, but
was staggered a few times by his dan
gerous and gritty opponent.
The remainder of the programme was
one of the best seen here. "South Side"
Jack O'Brien outpointed his old-time
rival by the same name who hails from
Telegraph Hill. "Willie Wolffe essayed
to go against Bob Cairns, but. Referee
Billy; Roche "judiciously stopped the
bout when -Cairns had his- man up
against the ropes and in a helpless con
dition in the first round.
: Dick Sullivan was given the decision
over Charles Dunn, --Willie ; Edwards
made Frank Smith quit in three rounds,
Harry Baker outfought "Chlefie" John-
WolfTe Is No Match for Cairns, While
••South Side" Jack O'Brien Out
points. His Namesake.
Fifth raw, one and a sixteenth miles, handi
cap—Commodore 116, Autollght 104, Foot
lights' Faviorite 100. Flora Willougbby 97.
Sixth race, mile and 70 yards, selling — Gas
Lighter 110. IVernla 106/ Pierce? J- 1C5, Dr.
Kler 105, Bengal 102, ' Drummond 102, Miss.
Edn ' 102. • Lady- Fonse 88. The- Hebrew 98.
Check Morgan '98; Rachel Ward 96,. Regina
D 93. •- • .
Seventh ' race, . six . f urlonga, selling — St.
Daniel 110, St. Wood 110. B«n Lear 107. Whis
kers 107, Fltzbrillar 109. Mtndora 105, Alice
Turner 102, Avoid 102, Plckaway 102. Tom
Rowe 102. Crime 102, R. Q. Smith 102.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 14. — The entries
for the races at Delmar track to-mor
row follow: . . . ...
First race, mile and 70 yards, eelling — Sec
ond Mate 110. Kancttsslma 107, Tangible 105,
Imboden 104. Hickory Corners 102, Harry* K
102. Birdie Stone 102, Lyrist 99, Trogon 98,
Phiora 98. Madoc" 98, Jollier 93.
Second race, ' five and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing — Drpmlo 107. Trlxie White 104, Ollle Bur
nett 104, Band Bath 103, Lady Lou 103. Dc
Grammont 103, Kathryn L 100, Passive 100,
Wakeful 09, Jack Mbran 99, Opinion 95. An
nifquam 93. • r •
Third race, elx furlongs, purae— Braden 113,
Arlena 110, Edith May 96, Dave 8tahl 06. • .
Fourth race, six furlongs, the Laurel handi
cap, $1500 added— Sylvia Talbot 114. Miss Mae
D*y 112, Frank Btll 109, Malster 107. - Ice ,
Water 107. Anne iJavl* 98. (Ice Water and
Anne Davis, Hayes entry.)' ¦ I '
DELMAR ENTRIES.
The members of the Ladies' 'Annex
to the Golden Gate Tennis Club will
hold a- handicap singles tournament
on the park courts to-day. Miss
Wegener and Miss Valleau are the
best players entered and will be called
upon to give some large handicaps.
The sixteen entries drew as follows:
Miss H. Leviaon (30) vs. Miss A. Sea (30>,
Mlsa M. Worcester (owe 3-tij vs. Miss D.
Ward (16), Miss A. Vodden (owe 15) vs. Miss
V. Beyfuss (3-U), Miss 1: Mearns (scratch) vs.
Miss A. Greenberg*(15 2.oV-'MlBA B. Gardiner
(15.1-6) vb. Miss L. Wegen.er (owe 15 3-6),
Miss B. Cully (15 2-6) vs. B. Valleau (owe
15 3-6).' Miss G. Meyer (scratch) vs. Mlsa E.
Hess (3-0). Miss S. Van VHet (owe 15) vs.
Miss M. Turner (30).
Lady Tennis Players to' Meet.
PETERSON BESTS 3IcDONALD
IN A HAIR RAISING BOUT
RAILROAD . J TAP SECTION
RECLALMEB BY GOVERNMENT
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 14. — Jockey Willie
Dugan had a great day at Delmar,
riding four winners to-day out of five
mounts. Only two favorites won. The
weather was clear and the track fast.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Felix Mozxes.110 (Dugan) S 12 12
7 to 1 — Tender Crest, 87 (Rice).. 12 4 2 h
15 to 1— Tottenham, 102 (Austin).. 4 3 h 3 5
Time. 1:14%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. B. Banahan & Co.'s b. c. by St. Felix-
Annona. Tom Manklns 102, Rachel Ward 107,
Atlas 102. Pilgrim Girl 102. .Algonquin 104,
Potter 105, finished as named.
Wins Four Races Out of Five Mounts
at Delmar.
JOCKEY DUGAX SUCCESSFUL.
First race — Imboden, Trogon, Tan
gible.
Second race— Sandbatb, Jack Mo
ran, Trixle "White.
Third race— Edith May, Arlena,
Braden.
Fourth race — Hayes entry, Malster,
Frank Bell.
Fifth rac<! — Footlights' Favorite,
Commodore, Flora' YVilloughby.
Sixth race — Regina D, Check Mor
gan, Drummond. [i
Seventh race — Crime, Ben Lear,
Mindora.
Condition of the track — Fast.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
three- year-olds and up: !
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. %* Fin.
5 to 1— Oudenarde, 102 (D. Aust) 6 12 1%
10 to 1— Hucena, 92 (Cheatham). 8 3 »,£ 2 %
7 to 1— Birdwood, »7 (McLghlin) 3 2 4 8 4
Time 1:56*4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. Boardman's ch. g. (6) by Odd
Fellow-Annie Clark. Blauka 92, Shipping
Port 97 Sister Lillian »7. Murmur 92, Compass
97, Jollier 82. Mint Bed 02, Wiss«ndine 102.
finished as named.
Sixth race, on* mile, purs« — New Mown Hay
85, Ethylene 101, Postman 101, Klelnwood 101,
Pearl Diver 101, Federal 101, Walnamoincn
104. King Ellsworth 105, Copperfleld 105, Cor
uacat* 110.
Fourth race, nix furlongs, handicap — Cigar
lighter S8, Ahola 92, Mayor Johnson 97 The
Crisis 105, Delagoa 121, Mannard 103* Big
Ben 132. (Mansard and Big Ben, Tennea en
try.)
Fifth race, two miles, gelling — Charlie Miller
85, Excentral 83, Mohican 93, Malokoff 95,
Tte Way 10tS.
Third race, one and a quarter miles, the
Columbia handicap, $2000 added — Ben Chance
&0, Rankin 90. Huzzah 100, Fonsoluca 98, Ma
jor Mansir 101, Prince Sllverwtngs 102 Port
Royal 102, Brancas 103, Miss Crawford 112,
Revervation 115, Bad News 123 (Rankin and
Huzzah, Arthur entry.)
Becond race, five furlongs, purse — Subtle 100,
Lady Lasca 100. Jade 100, Broadway Girl 100,
Ethel Banrmore 100. Wood Claim 100, Harum-
Kcarum id). Kxalted 103, Capltano 103, An
gelotta 103, Michael Byrnes 103, Gold Enamel
10S. Sllverskln 10S, The Belle 110, Cutter 110.
Kurtzmann 118.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14. — The entries for
the Worth races to-morrow follow:
First race, one mile, selling — My Jane 90,
Rowland M 102, Mies Melton 104, Idogo 106,
Four Leaf C 108. Zyra 106, Clausus 106,
Barkelmore 109, Taxman 109, Trepan 111, King
of the Valley 111. Maraschino 111, Barilla 111,
Soldier of Fortune 110, W. J. Deboe 114,
King's Court 114.
WORTH ENTRIES.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; two-year-olds and
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Turrando, 105 (W.Dugan) 7 2 2 11
3 to 2— Reglna D. 100 (Rice).. 6.61 2%
7 to 1— Dr. Rlley, lOO(Cheatham) 8 7 1 3 h
Time. 1:42%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Mrs. W. P. Perkins' gr. g (3) °y
Farondale-Turtle Dove. Judge Cantrill 114.
Courant 70. Fenian 100, Tangible 109, Caclana
10» Nath Woodcock 109, Nellie Bawn 114.
The Eye 82, finished as named*
2:20 class, pacing, purse $1000.- three in
five — Nancy H won three straight heats and
the race. Time, 2:11 1 4. 2:13Vi, 2:09. Bour
bon, Mamie Klngsley, Flinch, Loleta and
Royal Bell also started.
2:25 class, trotting, purse $1000, three in
five — Tom Axworthy won three straight heals
and the race. Time. 2:13%, 2:12%. 2:13^.
Maud Maxine, Bltx." Czarina, Dawson, Clown
and Robo also started.
The Stoll, 2:19 class, trotting, four-year
olds, purse $2000, three In five — Snyder Mc-
Gregor won three straight heats and the race
Time. 2:06%. -2:09%. 2:0894. Alexander,
Hall Frey and Jolly Bachelor also started.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Oct. 14. — The
ten days' trotting meeting, during
which nearly $75,000 was distributed
in stakes and purses, six world's rec
ords were broken and several stake
records were lowered ended to-day.
In the first heat of the 2:20 class,
pacing, Royal Bell, a bay gelding,
owned by G. H. Camp of Oswego, N.
Y., and driven by George Swisher, fell
dead at the distance flag. Royal Bell
was by Malple Pole. The betting on
him was 8 to 1 before the race. The
other drivers noticed he was breath
ing hard in the stretch, when he was a
close second to Nancy H. Just be
fore the distance flag was reached he
suddenly dropped dead and fell against
the fence, breaking through it and
smashing the sulky. Swisher was
thrown from his seat, but sustained
only an injured knee. Results:
Driver Swlsher Is Thrown From the
Sulky, but Sustains Only
Slight Injuries.
0
ROYAL. BEIJj DROPS DEAD
IN A RACE AT LEXINGTON
Farondale-Turtle Dove. Judge Cantrill 114.
dora 100. Evening Star MH. Sam Craig 106,
Laura Hunter 07, Amberlta P2, Noweta 104,
Dr. Burns 107, finished as named.
on downs. Dietz kicked to center and
the half ended.
In the second half the ball seesawed
back and forth until about the middle
of the half. Neither side had a per
ceptible advantage until Seminario,
Lick's left halfback, foolishly at
tempted to pick the ball up on a kick
instead of falling on it. This poor
judgment on his part almost cost Lick
the game. Polytechnic got the ball on
Lick's thirty-six-yard line and from
then until the game ended the Lick
goal was constantly in danger. Lick
got the ball on her own fifteen-yard
line on a fumble, but Moullen made a
miserable kick of only fifteen yards
into touch. Polytechnic worked the
ball to the twenty-yard line when the
whistle sounded and the game was
over. . »
Polytechnic gained more ground than
Lick, but also fumbled more. Lick
kicked and handled kicks much better
than Polytechnic. I
The first half was a good exhibition
of snappy football, but the second half
was full of squabbling and dragged for
over an hour. In this half Dietz made
a quarterback run of forty yards, but
made a forward pass when tackled.
For this the ball was brought back to
where It was before put into play.
Many thought the ball should have
been down where the forward pass was
made:
The lineup follows:
Lick. Position. Polytechnic.
O'Connor L. E. R...McKenzle (c)
Main L. T. R Lowe
Moullen L. G. R Bonlfleld
Hotchklss (c) C Day
Crowe.... R. G. t, Reardon
Keenan R. T. L. Garibaldi
White R. E. L Goerl
Deacin Quarter Saunders
Seminario I* H. R Martin
Merrltt R. H. L Boarman
Snell F Edwards
Officials — Weldon and - Booth. Time of
halves— 25 and 20 minutes. Scow — Lick " 4,
Polytechnic 0.
Aside from Dietz's runs Lick was
able to gain but little ground. Poly
technic time and time again made their
yards, but invariably fumbled when
they had a chance to score. Edwards
was Poly's most consistent ground
gainer.
On the first play after the kick off
Polytechnic fumbled and lost the ball
on j her • own twenty-yard line. Lick
gained five yards and lost the ball on
a fumble. Polytechnic kicked for thir
ty yards, but Dietz ran it in thirty
yards. Moullen was called from the
line to try a field goal and made a
splendid kick, the ball sailing right be
tween the goal posts.
After being scored against "Poly"
fought desperately and by advancing
the ball five yards at a time soon had
it on Lick's fifteen-yard line. Lick
braced at this point and took the ball
Before one of the largest crowds that
ever witnessed an Academic League
football game in this city the elevens
from Lick and Polytechnic high schools
struggled for supremacy yesterday on
the Presidio grounds.
The field was slippery and treacher
ous and it was a difficult matter to get
a footing. Lick carried off the honors
after the most desperate struggle seen
here this season. Early in the first half
Moullen, Lick's left guard, kicked a
field goal, scoring four points for his
team. Neither side scored after this,
although Polytechnic came near doing
so toward the latter part of the game.
Dietz, Lick's quarterback, was the
star of the game. This was his first
attempt at this position and he handled
the team well. His running in of punts
from the back field was a feature.
Every time he caught a punt he would
run the ball in from ten to thirty yards.
The slippery field did not seem to
bother him in the least. .
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — King's Court, My Jane,
Barkelmore.
Second race^ — Knrtzman, Cutter, The
Belle.
Third race — Bad News, Reservation,
Miss Crawford.
Fourth race — Big Ben, Delagoa, Ci
garlightcr.
Fifth race — The Way, Malakoff,
Charlie Miller.
Sixth race — Coruscate, New Mown
Hay, Walnamoincn.
Condition of the track — Fast.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
Lick High School Football Men De
feat Polytechnic Players.
The gridiron itself will be of turf,
like Eastern football fields, when the
grass shall have had an opportunity to
grow. An elaborate system of drain
age has been Installed, so that the
¦ field cannot remain wet for long after
it stops raining. The grounds are
within easy walking distance from the
Southern Pacific and Key Route »ta
tlons and spectators should be able \o
reach the field from the ferry station
at the foot of Market street almost as
soon as they could get to Richmond
field from the Call building.
This year is the first time that inter
collegiate championship games have
been scheduled to take place on ths v
home grounds of either of the rivals.
According to arrangements already
made the next championship games
will be played at Stanford, but It Is
thought by many people interested
that the probability of a light attend
ance and the certainty of poor
grounds will result in the transfer
ence of next year's game to Califor
nia's new field or. back to San Fr»rt
clsco. ;•*
California field la beautifully situat
ed above and in the rear of the gym
nasium, with a massive background
of primeval hills. Grandstands are in
process of construction on both aides
of the gridiron. "When completed they
will seat approximately 16,000 per
sons. On one end of the field is a high
bank, which will give those of the
spectators who may elect to watch the
game from a standing position as good
a view as their more fortunate fellow 1
enthusiasts will have from the re
served sections. The other end of the
field is level.
California. Position. Stanford. .
Herriott L. E. R. Overman,
Stow U T. R Tomaslnt
Kerr L. G. R Sumner
Allen. Center Co© '
Foster R. G. !• Oay
Richardson.. R. T. L Horton
ZarharUa It. E. L WUaon.
Kendall Quarter Fcnton '
Sperry l>. H. B. R. .Vandervoort
Snowden R. H. B. I*. .Cadwalader
Rlley Fullback Moody
The new football gridiron of the
University of California will receive
Its formal christening to-day when the
rival blue and gold and cardinal fresh
men clash in their annual struggle.
The Olympic and the California var
sity elevens played a practice game
on the new field a week ago, but to
day's contest is the first intercollegi
ate battle to be fought on this tract,
which will be the scene of so many
strenuous tests of skill and strength
in the future.
HOW RIVAL TEAMS
WILL BE LINED UP
SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1« to 5— Sincerity Belle,104 (Lnon) 6 4 3 12 '
6 to 1— Black Art, 113 (Romanlli) 6 2^21
8 to 1— Dundall. 110 (MclntyreJ.. 1 3 h 3 1V»
Time, 1:08 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. M. D. Miller's eh. f. by Handsome-
Sincerity. Janeta 10». Useful Lady 107, Bishop
Poole 106. Dlxelle 107, Bradwarlin 110, Garvlce
110, finished ae named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile and seventy
yards; four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
Uto5 — Carat, 10S (Ntcol) 6 3h 13
13 to 5 — Burn. Glass.lUS (Johnson) 5 432(4
8 to 1 — Hartley, 105 (Morrison).. 4 22 -3h
Time, 1 :46. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, J. McAllister &. Co. f s b. g. (5) by King
Regent-Miss Knight. Gloriosa 116. Easy Trade
102, Jim Hale 110, Lampoon 102, finished as
named. Dr. Stephens 105, left.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
four-year-olds and up; pelling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St.- % Fin.
10 to 1 — Clausus 105 (Johnson)... 7 4 2 In
7 to 1— Scotsman. 107 (Nicol)..2 lh 2 1%
8 to 5— Jigger. 102 (Shaver) 5 2 2%3 4
Time, 1:48. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, T. H Ryan ic Co.'s ch. c. (4) by Brutus-
Claudia. Frivol 104, Bank Street 105, Para
mount 107. Frank M 107. Allie Virgie 102. fin
ished as named.
Time, 1:13 2-5, t^tart good. Won easily.
Winner, J. Griffin 4b Co.'s t>. c. (4) by King
ston-Sylva Helle. New Mown Hay 100, Ida
Davis HO, Irene Me 103, Hot 103. Blue Mir
acle 103. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; purse* three
j-A^r-old* and up:
letting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5 — Frcntcnac, llu (Foley).. 4 1 1^1 1
17 to D— J. W. O'Xeill, 100 (Xlcol) 7 4^2 5 .
4 to 1— Nannie Hodge, Iu9 (Un) 6 2 13 1
Time, 1:45, Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, E. TVotter's br. f. by Pirate of Penzance
dcely- Sllvermeade lwl. Voila 100. Docile 100.-
Kdward Hale 1C5; Mohican 107. Mingore 101,
tlniehcd as named.
SECOND RACE— Mile and fifty yards; sell
ing: three-year-olds: . — . _
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jooitey. St. • *i Fin. .
9 to 0 — Aggie Lewis. l»0 (Shaver) 112 1 154
14 to 5— Triumvir, !•« (R.Johnsn) 2 tf 2 • 2 «
9 to 2— D.Anderwjn.lOO (Perrine) 3 2^31 |
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs of
¦U iiht-m course; two-year-oldf selling; tl<XX)
aaded:
lietting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
I* to 5-^Bar.k 101 (W. Davis)... 1 In 12
b to 5— Thirty- third, 105 (Crrnnin) 8 2 1 2 h
b to 1— It. L. Johnson US (Hildb) 2 4 13 1
Time. 1:22. Start poor. Won handily. Win
ner. Milton Stable's ch. c. by Inspector B-
Landslip. Monacorder, Ike S. Calmness, Salt
i^nd Pepper, liiack Iiird. tini&hed as named.
THIRD RACE — One and a half mile. With
ers course; handicap; three- y tar-olds and up;
$1400 added:
Benin*. Hors<s Weight, Jockpy. St. % Fin.
& 10 20 — Caugh'nawaga 126 tBrn) 1 1 2 1 n
1« to 5 — M. Dngrfleid, 1^ (Kdfn) 2 3 2 &
25 to 1 — Midthij>mn bl (Crmna) 3 2 3
Time. 2:^!» 1-5. fitart good. Won easily.
Winner. J. fc-anford'« ch. h. (5) by Clifford- Ua
Tosca. Three Etarters.
FOUUTH HACE— Six and a half furlongs of
Withers course; 3-year-olds and up; selling:
Hetting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
4 to 1— Right and True,106(Cmns) 1 1 1%1 5
3 to 1— Rob Roy, 9S (Hildcbrand) 6 2 4 2 3
7 to 1 — Omimf Orven, 105 (Phillips) 2 X Vs '¦'- 1 1 «
Time, 1:21. Start poor. Won easily, place
driving. Winner, Sylvester Stable'* b. c. by
Trisian-EllersUe. Palette, Unmasked, Raw
hide, Rightful. Bonner. Clear the Arena. Belle
of Milford. finished a» named.
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlon«s; the Fordham
handicap fi>r 2-ytar-olds and up; 11^00 added:
JWtlng. Hcrse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 1— Lady Unca», ith (Da\-le) 2 12 15
Ki to 1 — New Torlt 90 (Sperling) 5 2 3 2 6
Hi to!* — Graceful, 05 (Crimmins) 3 4 1 3h
Time, 1:27. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. T. L.. Watts' b. m. by Ben Btrcme-Pru
denee. Collector Jessup, Wotan, Adioe, Monet,
finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Withers mile; for maiden
Ihrft-year-olds ar.d up:
lieitin^. Hojw, Welrht. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
• to 1 — Bartender, 104 (Crimmins) 6 4h 14
Kven — Weter Pan*y,I<>l < Davis) 2 2h 2 2
." to 1— Tom Laweon. K» (Martin) 5 3 1 3 lt£
Time, 1:41 2-5. Ptart fair. Won easily.
Winner. W. D. Althouse's b. c. by The Bard
i..--- !. Mal.i. Panique, Rudab«>k, Phaser, filr
?hep, Scht>olmaFter. finished as named.
3IOIIRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
I'iivt rnco — I^ady Henrietta, The
1'laiiuant, My Buela.
Nffomi rare — Good and Plenty, I^a
lator. Zanziber.
Third race — Dandelion, Glorifler,
Ariful.
Fourth race — D'Arkle, Raiment,
Ko>^lK>urne.
Fifth race — Shorthose, Gunfire, Afri
rander.
Sixth race — Molly Brant, Greencrest,
Uarbuncle.
Condition of the track — Fast.
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Oct 14. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Morris Park
:rack follow:
First race, elx furlong* of Withers mile,
two-year-olds — Jim Beattie K>9, Buttling 100,
lwu'.y Henrietta 10*5. Puffrranc* 10<5. The
Claimant 106. Myopia 106. My Buela 99.
Sfconil race, Champion steeplechase, about
three and a half mlk-s — Lavator 170, The
P.affged Cavalier 165. Woolgatherer 163. Mys
tic Shriner 1G3. Ivan 163, Zlnzlber 163, Cheiro
160. Good and Plenty l.'«4, Collgny 154.
Third rare, th* Whit* Plains handicap,
I>iipse course — Oipeau 135, Artful 130. Glorifier
122, Pasadena 11<». Aurur 114, Cairngorm 110,
Heart's Desire 1«2, Dandelion 100, Gamara
1<«: Jerry C »'. Brilliant $7.
Fourth race, maiden two-year-olds,^Eclipse
nnurxe — Priority 107. Prestir» 107. Bill Bailey
II 107. White Marsh 107. Oxford 107. Ross
bourn* 107. Raiment 104. D'Arkle 104.
Fifth race, the Morris Park handicap, two
end a quarter miles. »-eiKht for age. Withers
course — Fh^rthoee 124. Africander 124, Ostrich
111. Gunfire 121.
. Eixth rac, one and three -pirteenth miles,
handicap. Withers course — Molly Brant 126,
Carbuncle lO.'i. Pjoc^eds 10ft. Thietle Heather
n.%, Gre-nrrert Q\ Tom Lawion 88.
A man can have almost as much en
joyment out of a hard swear as a
woman can out of a good cry.
The game was broken up in the third,
when Byrnes walked and Moskiman
landed on Van Buren's error. Ganley
sacrificed and Francks hit to short.
Again Van dropped the ball and this
After the third round of . yesterday's
game at Recreation Park had passed
into history it was curtains with the.
Seals. They never had a chance to win
in any old inning:. In the third Mr.
Van Buren sought the lofty altitude,,
and there he remained while the Com
muters were busy sending a delegation,
of three over the robber. Score — Oakf
land 5, San Francisco 1.
The game was delayed for fifteen
minutes on account of rain. \When it
did start the teams played some fair
baseball considering that they were be
ing forced to perform on a field that
was not t quite as dry as gunpowder.
Oakland pulled off two lightning double
plays. Francks' muff of an exceeding
ly hard chance was the only miacue
charged up against them. ¦ -
Moskiman pitched grand ball, and al
though the Seals landed for nine bin
glers and got five bases on balls they
were lucky to reach home even once.
Barber was effective, but the errors be
hind him offset his efforts and allowed
the Commuters to score every run save
one, and that was a gift from the um
pire.
(Pacific Coast league.) ¦ j
W.L. Pct.f •* W.L. Pet.
racoma .. ...46 26 .63y, Oakland 35 36 .49.J
Seattle ' 38 34 .534 San • Fran 31 39 .443
Los Angeles. 85 81 .530: Portland 26 46.361
oTAXDING OF THE CLUBS.
COMMUTERS PROFIT BY MISPLAYS
WHICH SEALS FREQUENTLY MAKE
tiirterByrnes trotted in, Moskiman went
to th|rd and Francks to second. Dun
leavy happened along with a drive to
left at this Juncture, bringing in both
men and making It three right off the
reel. •
-McCarthy made a bad ruling in the
fifth, when Dunleavy lifted a long fly
out to left field. Hildebrand got the
ball, but being afraid of slipping threw
it after holding it momentarily. Mc-
Carthy said "fair" and ruled that Dun
leavy was safe and that Hildebrand
had erred. Dunleavy was sacrificed
along by Schlafley and scored soon
"after on a passed ball. The score:
San Francisco —
Oakland —
AB.R.H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
VnBn.lb 6 0 3 13 0 Ganley.rf 4 0 2 10
Hdbnd.lf 3 0 0 2 0 Frnks.ss 5 10 3 2
Waldn.cf 4 12 0 0 Dnlevy.lf 5 12 2 0
Mea.ny.rf 4 0 11 0 Schfly,2b 3 0 15 4
Irwin.3b 3 0 13 5 Krger.cf 3 0 0 4 0
Andsn,2b 3 0 0 2 4 Streih.lb 3 0 0 6 0
Ochnr.ss 4 0 0 13 Devrx,3b 4 0 0 0 0
Poltney.o 3 0 15 0 Byrnes.c 3 2 0 6 3
Barber, p 4 0 10 4 Mskmn.p 3 110 2
Totals. 83 1 0 27 ie! Totals. 33 5 6 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ban Francisco ....0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0—1
Base hits ...... i 1.1 0 1 0 1 2 2—9
Oakland ..........0 O 3 0 1 1 0 0 0—5
Base hits 1 0 2 0 0 2 0 0 1— 6
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Devereaux, Dunleavy. Errors
— Van - Buren 2, Gochnauer, Hlldebrand,
FranckB. Irwin. Two-base hit — Meany. Sac
rifice hits— Moskiman, Ganley, Kruger, Schla
fley. First base on errors — San Francisco 1.
Oakland 6. First base on called balls — Off
Barber 2. off Moskiman 5. Left on bases —
San Francisco 7, Oakland 7. Struck out — By
Barber 4. by Moskiman 5. Double plays —
Moskiman to Pchlafley to Ptreib; Anderson to
Gochnauer to Van Buren; Francks t- Schlafiey
to Streib. Passed balls — Poultney. "Wild
pitches — Barber, Mogkiman. Time of game —
1:45. Umpire— McCarthy.
meeting next Monday. The unanimity
of opinion yesterday would indicate
that no difficulty will be experienced in
having the Supervisors confirm the
action of the committee. •
Jimmy Britt will come up from San
Mateo to-day and will hold a consulta
tion with his brother-manager as to
where he will make his training camp.
Xt will be either the Seal Rock House
at the ocean beach or Croll's Gardens,
Alameda.' Britt has a strong liking for
the quarters across the bay, but? the
management of the club is urging him
to train here,, where his quarters would
be readily accessible.
, Cans took 1 ;* run on. the road yester
day morning. The rain. prevented him
from ffping.'again in the afternoon. His
manager will join the camp to-day.
Herford is confident that his protege
will makefile -.weight and be fit. Gans
will weigh,; in the , presence of news
paper men';at intervals to show he will
be on hand in proper condition on the
night of, the- fight- . ,. .
, Willie.* 1 Britt announced yesterday
that hisj bi-other is ready to sign arti
cles to meet Young: Corbett, win or lose
with Gans. If defeated he says: he
still re/tains the feather-weight cham
pionship, as this contest only involves
the lightweight honors. •¦ ; .-._.'¦'..
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs of
Withers mile; three- year-olds and up; celling:
Uetiiss. Hurse. Weight Jockey. St. »» Fin.
7 to a — South Trimble, lOU(Sprlng) U 21 1*4
* to 1 — K. of Rhodes. lw> (Burns). 3 1 >i 2 a
S to 1 — Courtmaid, 1OS (Hildtrbd) 4 3 3 3 4
Time. 1:21 1-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. J. A. Drake's ch. c. by St. George
lithel Thomas. April Shower, Consideration,
Toi San, Olaf. Memphis, Early Eve. finished
as named.
The first race to-day, while noth
ing damaging to the bookmakers, hurt
the poolrooms and handbooks, accord
ing to reports. The winner, South
Trimble, overtook and passed the
pacemaker. Knight of Rhodes, which
was a short priced favorite the mo
ment betting opened. Summary:
MORRIS PARK. Oct. 14.— There is
no doubt but that the bookmakers do
ing business *t Morris Park will be
glad when John A. Drake's stable re
tires from activity, which it will to
day when the horses in it are to be
sold. Day after day racers from this
siable have taken many thousands of
dollars out of the ring by their vic
tories.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14. — Frontenac, one
of the good sons of Kingston, found
a fast track to his liking in the third
race at Worth to-day and won as he
pleased from J. W. O'Neill and Nannie
Hodge. He was a heavily played choice,
being backed from 7 to 5 to 6 to
5 at post time. J. W. O'Neill was
backed from IS to 5 to 16 to 5. Xan
nie Hodge was third choice at 4 to 1.
The three finished as placed in the
betting, which is almost the only
three-horse race run true to form at
this meeting.
The track was at its beBt and the
weather was ideal for racing. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; maiden
thre«-year-olds and up; '. • i. '
Batting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
17to.">— L*m Reed. 10" (Ronralll)* 5 .1 1^1 5
16 to 1— Sunny Shore.102 <Shvr)10 8 4 2 nk
UK) to 1 — Duncan. 1C5 (Morrison) 9 3 13 1
Time, 1:14. Start good, won 'easily. Wlfi
ner, Gorman & Bauer's br. g. (4) by Vlctory-
Mertle Reed. Ko.\m«-ad 105, Marehalsea. 107,
Nannan 105. Bill WalteYs 10?,' aland y Lee 100".
Armorer IDS, Honest John 107, finished as
named. ¦ - •
Special Dispatch to The Call
"I don't object," said McClellan. '
•: J "It ,5s ordered that* we "recommend
the granting df the permit to the
Shasta Club," said Boxton.' ¦•-'
/The meeting then and a
crowd of fight promoters, /including
Manager CofEroth, WiTlie Britt, Morris
Levy and a host of others, filed. out of
the -room. It remains to : be ' seen
whether, any_Qpposition,;to the granting
of the. permit will develop among;, the
Democratic Supervisory- at the board's,
It took the Supervisors' Police Com
mittee exactly forty-five seconds yes
terday to report in favor of granting
the professional boxing permit for Oc
tober to the Shasta Club, of which J.
W. Coffroth is. manager. * ¦
"I have here the application of the
Shasta. Club /far a permit to give a
boxing contest this month," said Chair
man ,Boxtqn; "Is there any objection
to it?" ;
Supervisors Eggers, Boxton and Mc-
Clellan looked at one another alter
nately, each apparently waiting for the
other to speak.
"I have no objection,*" said . Eggers,
addressing Boxton; "have you?"
'*Nx>," replied Boxton, smilingly; "I
am in favor, e£ it." J . .
"How about, you. McCJellan?" In
quired Eggers'.'. - ...•«.«- •-
Police Committee Is Very Swift
in Taking Action.
Frontenac Is Bet On
and Wins Without
Being Urged.
Poolrooms Lose When
South Trimble
Is First.
FIGHT PERMIT IS GRANTED
IN RECORD TIME.
Delights the Bookmakers
DRAKE STABLES DISPERSAL
BRITT-GANS FIGHT NOW ASSURED FOR THE PERMIT IS GRANTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAlX, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1904.
Sinewy Young Giants of the Gridiron
to Formally Christen California Field
With Eleventh Annual Freshman Game
11
AD VKKTJSE3IEXTS.
i |||| CIGARS
III Supreme
iiiiQuality.
!You can't
beat the
Best.
SOLD EVBBTWHKRa
AH liuM, 10c. op.
MICHAUTSCHKB BROS A CO
LSTMiBUTCftS-SAN FHANCtSCtJtCA.
BUSTtLLO BROS & DIAZ
*****
. - « -THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1901.
12
TOB 3*jjf CALL
JO1LX D. SrRECKELS. ' t * ro P 1^^E
Address Communications to
JOHX McXACGIlT . ... . . . . . Blanagg
\V. J. MAKT1X DushigsJHanagcr
TELEPHONE.
Ark for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With Lbe Department Vcu « lsn.
Publlcatlon Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rocms 217 to 221 Stevenson ft.,
Delivered by carriers, 20 Cts. Per "v^f**. W
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Casa v* un
Order.): ,„
CAILT CALL Onclua. Sunday). 1 year. . -Js.oo
DAILY CALL flr.clud. Sunday). 6 roos... «.w
PAILY CALL— By ?ir.glc Month '?£
6UNDAY CALL. 1 Year .-y™
JVEEKLY CALL, I Year •2,""ZZZm
f Dai'v $S W> Per Year Extra
FOREIGN \ sSfc/ttS P« Tear Extra
POSTAGE ( w *, k iv. 1.00 Per Year Extra
yjXl. POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Catcpl* Copies will be forwarded wnen re-
quested. , ,
JIa3 subscribers in ordering change or ac-
tress jhould be particular to give both I>«fc.w
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with tneir re-
Ctust.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
fcCM Broadway Telephone Main ION
BERKELEY OFFICE:
B.1S Center Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
fcAMTEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
TTattorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
Ccioa B<juare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-aveaue
Hotel end Herman Hcuae.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
fCortfcem Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Houc*.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Msrquette Building.
CLccg Dutaace Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. E11ITH 30 Tribune Building
XEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ean Francisco Call.
comer Market asd Third street*; open uatll
12 ©'clock everj' eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS llarket etreet. cppoaUe Firth; open until
11 d. m.
•27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:30 c. in.
tOO Hayes etreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
tZ9 McAllister street: open uctll 9:30 p. tn.
«:5 Lsxkin etreet: cpen until »:3f> p. m.
JS*41 Mitticn Ftreet; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet; cpen until £> p. m.
3'. :¦¦: Valencia street; open until '.' p. m.
Northeast roraer Cfcurch and Dur.can streets;
until » p. m.
?2K> r;;irr.ore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETT.NO NOTICES.
*!IFS:ON Codg* No. 1CT. F. and A. If. — m
Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY) W
EVENING at 7:30 r.clock. First de- i^^\
Free. R. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
A SPECIAL rehearsal tor the prar.d Iri«h ball
riven by the Gaelic Dancinp Club will be
held at Scottish Hall TO-MORROW (SUN-
DAY*, at 2 p. rn. This is free to the pub-
lic, who are Invited tr> w!tr.<-?s this exhi-
bition of Erin'p national <ian<?es. All m*m-
l*r s are requested to be present. The chil-
dren of the juvenile class wi'.I also rehearse.
There will be exhibitions of the Irish reels,
jigs and hcrr.iir>Fs and the Irifh quadrille,
polka pet and the High <*aul Car>. such as
«i:i be danced by the members at the Irish
ball, which will t* held at Mechanics' Pa-
Villon. SATURDAY. Oct. 29. l»04. Admis-
Binn free. Special Iri^h rr.UFle.
A MEETING of the Board of Medical Exam-
iners of the State of California will be held
en Tue E( jay. the 2Mh day cf October. 1904 at
the City Hall, ln the City and County of San
Francisco, btate of California, at the hour
of 10 a. m. of taid day. for the consideration
cf arpliraticns for certificates and for such
other butinegs as may properly come before
It. Dat^d San Francisco. October 10, 1904.
Board cf Medical Examiners of the Sta*» of
California. CHARLES L. TISDALE, Secre-
tary.
THE CaJiforrla Debris Commission having re-
reived application to mine by hydraulic
proce:-s from N. H. Burjrer. ln Dry Gulch
Grave] Mine, near Pleasant Valley.El Dorado
County. Cal.. draining into Clear Creek.
which reaches Cofumn*!" River, glv<s notice
that a rreeUnp to receive any protests will
be hr M at rocm 08 Flood bldg.. San Fran-
cisco, mi.. October "1. lf»^4. at 1:30 p. m.
WANTED.
AGENTS »*!llr.g Park lots, cayh or on thTTET-
FtaMrr.ent plan. 4C7 Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED canvassers ffj to S3 day. 1114
Warhingtcn et., Oakland, r. 3; 10 to 12 a_m.
INKI.ESS fountain pens; sample 15c; dozen
tl f.0: re:a!!y 2.V-. FIELD CO.. 119 Buah rt.
ATTOBSEYS-AT-LAW.
Tl. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam. b!dg..
f.th floor; entrance room «;il; established 1'ti
jean; ail courts, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance cr for consults*
tiop.; evenir.gB by appointment. Tel.R»d 3601.
ADVICE free or. all l^gal matter?; divorces a
fpecialty; private, quick; no pay in advance;
mlnlrrE companies organized ;patcnts obtained
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market ft. ; estab. 22 j n.
AAA— DIVORCE costs, $12; quick quiet] "
Advice free: all law business.
No cbarfre unlet* successful
1095 Market Ft., cor. Seventh, room 419.
AA— Divorce; cost* 1 12 :<juick. quiet :advice free"-
ell Jaw business; no charsre unless yuccess-
ful; open ev*r.:r.gE. »27 Market St.. room S01.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fee* or
cofIs in advance; a'.l law busines*- offlce
open Saturday evenlrgs^ElOMarkct st..r.33.
ADVICE free; divorce costg J12:"VuIck. qu'ieT-
R.l law bu?:r,.-Fv r.o charee unless puccesp-
fu!; open evenirss. 027 Market, room £04.
"W.MattriewB. e^2 Market ft.; consultation free-
Private and confidential; no advance fee«:
coHectlor.s. mechanic^' liens, tenants ejected!
L. F CLARK. K7 Market, ro-rn MiT^r^i":
tlon .r*e: no u lr ;n advance; cpen evenings.
ASTHMA CUKE.
| tlso Wishm. loth ar.d Washir.gton. Oakland.'
ASTROLOGY.
ZO8E1U& actndoccr: ' psychic ocealt and 'iZ.
readings. 9 .y ay .-, n st.. room* 1 2
ATJTOMOBH.ES.
TVHITE EiMlbop£ In flr7t-cjVs»~i^nnlng~c~on".
5 A^ M _ OP STCS.
A POSITIVE cure wh-re all^thers^faiT^ali
rt^upstalrs " f * r m ° nth - ** Ut *°
BOARDPTO TOB CSILDEEg. ~~
¦vTANTEr^A little girl to board. 22fi2 Mis-
SMALL child t" board fn private family best
of ra.re. S6lij Greenwich «.
WANTED— Child to board: good hon>e-*1besT"of
car? n«*r gi-hor.l. 1S9Q Mission Ft., nr. 15th.
TAILORS, attention! Good chanceTnice~t a I !or
s f c.r» for sale frequlr»s but little money)
?wasting of Singer rewlng machine, lookinr-
Elass, cutting table. 4 benches, other fixtures-
J, f^ * ait r* 11 '™* »nd trimmings. Address
P. DOMrTNlCI, 210 S. Ean Joaquin st. Stock-
ton. Cal.
ADVERTISER Is Trilling to find from ten to
r-.teen thousand dollars for partnership or
purc»v£se c r a KOO( j commfrrlal business- is
able to take full ehare of work as had a
f °. . * CXf "' r L r '! ic * . " l ' ro »'l: communications
treated confidentially ar.d returned if de-
flrrd. Address M.. room 244. Palace Hotel.
FOR sale—A laundry doing $200 worth of work
per w»ek in a prosperous town of 3000 Inhab-
Jtar.t*; no other laundry within 20 miles- rea- ¦
*on of raJe. retiring from the laundry busl- :
ne*s. Address box 2972. Call office. I
FOR BaJe— In Fresno, liquor and wine business
v^rL**f^' ,£i m!I> ' i?* rrU " l: "tabllshed five
>ears. loca ed en the main thoroughfare: rea-
son for filing, departure and sickness ln the
family. Address J. H.. 13M N. Fresno. Cal!
BARGAIN— Only millinery store in town- larre
coMatry trade; «*t*bllsh£l 11 years-^urt^,'
SrT^ U^" 1 «icknes.; } wlll iell S^p
MRK F. C. NEVIS, box 3. P)ea»anton. CaL
''flM^tiJ lnt * r * £t ln business worth $3000;
1100 cionth guaranteed. 38 Geary sU, r . 9.
EDUCATIONAL— Continued.
THE Paul Gereon School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatis
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building
A— MOVED to 1281 Market St.: large suany
quarters. Western Business College.
PRIVATE lessons telegraphy; rapid success as-
sured students 246 Scott St.. near Haigh;.
ARITHMETIC, algebra, grammar, wrltir.?,
etc.. $5 mo.; private. 12S1 Market St.. r. 704.
SPANISH.French.etc. Prof. De Fl 1 1 ppe's Academy
of languages. 101S Post: est. 1S71: ablest profs
CHICAGO Business College. 14.T5 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 ma.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano;
beginners & adults: 50c. 2C95 Misslon.cor.20.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $•"? per mo.:
mandolin club. SI per mo. 823 Haight st.
'ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thnr'ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. O. Barrett. 302 Montrmy.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION D*y anrt
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st. — Night claaa.
ISAAC Pitman Business Colleg*. S45 Haight :
Individual lnstrnc; all branches; day, ev?.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 823 Golden
Gate ave.. 8. F.: 75-page catalog on request.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment offle*
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographer*.
general help. "NATIONAL." B0» Hearst bid.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 I'owell st.; teL Main 3753:
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Offlcw. 415 Stockton;
best help. Frits Tamagakl. mgr.. tel. Bush 838.
RELIABLE Japanese- Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51».
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
lagPIiOTMEKT WAflTEJ — riiJULttL
NEAT young girl desires situation to assist
ln light housework and care for children;
wages $15. Call Monday. 274 Hartford st.
AN experienced German girl, best referenda,
desires position as nurse to care for chil-
dren; country preferred: city or Oakland.
Box 1443. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — To help party going East; refer-
ences. Address N. A. SULLIVAN, in care nf
Dr. J. F. Sullivan. Seventeenth and Valencia.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagement
by the day: $1 6O; dresses altered; perfect
fit guaranteed. Box 2898. Call office.
TYPEWRITING, copying, addressing envel-
opes. MISS EDNA CRAMER. 806 Mutual
Bank building.
WANTED — By a competent woman to do gen-
eral housework: a good cook. Apply at
903% Washington st.. room 3. OaJcIaad.
YOUNG lady wishes position In a dentist's or
doctor's office. Apply 2207 Telegraph ave.,
Berkeley.
TWO Finland girls want place for housework
and plain cooking. 320% Third st.
BY first-class waitress. Inquir* 823 Ft-st
¦tract.
WANTED— Position a* housekeeper. 1S21
Chapln st.. Alameda,
WANTED — Situation as governess cr nur=e-
glrl. 1777 Seventh St., Oafcland.
STRONG. willing, competent American woman
temperate. hon«st. wants light sweeping and
washing by day: fine laundress; guarantees
satisfaction: $1 25 and carfare: no half -day.
S27A Howard St.. first flight, room 8.
COMPETENT cook; would do downstairs work
and washing or general housework In Ameri-
can family; wages $25 to $30. 533 Minna
St., near Sixth.
LADY, thoroughly experienced stenographer ta
mercantile work, also bill clerk, desires po-
sition; salary not less than $30: best refer-
ences given. Box 2454. Call office.
WANTED — By Canadian Protestant woman,
cooking and housework ln small family.
Call 61 Hermann st.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the (Say.
cleaning, sweeping and first-class laundr-is.
Address 1S27 Vallejo st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, with own ma-
chine, desires position; salary $40. Box 2640
Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wants a situation In
private family: best of references. Address
MISS CARLSON. 436 Elizabeth st.
AN experienced typewriter and stenographer
desires position; general office work, collect-
ing, etc.: $10 a week. Box 2686. Call office.
COMPETENT woman desires position as house-
keeper, rooming or boarding house. Box
2CS3. Call office.
A SWEDISH girl wants position as general
housework. Call at 2737 Twenty-second St..
corner of Bryant; $20 a month.
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
good pianist, best of references to character,
wants a situation. Box 2940. Call office.
A COMPETENT German woman wants wash-
ing and Ironing by the day. 1203 Vailejo st. ;
no postal.".
WOMAN wishes place to do housework and
cooking: kred to children; wages $13. Apply
112 Tehama St.. oft Second.
YOtTNG American woman, with a 9-month-old
baby, would like to do housework for small
waces. 448 Utah »t.. bet. l.th and ISth.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper, recently from
England, desires position tn small family.
F.. 230 Twenty-ninth st.
A NEAT young girl wishes a position to tak*
care of children. Call 323 Harrison St.. near
First.
DRESSMAKER: fancy and taller dress <ii-
signer; out by the day; $2; best city ref-
erences. 3C!> Octavia st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires work t»
do at home; mimeograph specialty. Box 113*.
Call office.
A YOUNG girl just from Germany wishes a
position; ud stairs or general housework
306 Tehama st. *•
ARTISTIC dressmaker would llks engagements
by the day. $1 60; dresses altered, perfect
fit guaranteed. Address box 2445. QUL
A TRAINED nursw will give massage at your
home by the month. Box 2C37, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day.
washing and Ironing. 830 Folsom st.
WANTED — Situation as second girl by %
Swedish girl. Call at 43 Rtchtand ave.
A FINNISH girl wishes situation ln light
housework. Address 206% Rltch st.
LAUNDRY worlt or cleaning 2 days a we-k.
Call 208 Lily ave.. near Octaria st.
DAY'S work wanted Thursday and Friday ;
thorough: competent. Box 2813. Call offlc*.
A WOMAN wishes housework by th» day. Call
1313% Market st. between 11 and 12.
DRESSMAKING wanted at 34 Sixth st.
COLORED girl wishes position as chamber-
maid or sewing. Phos« Red 65S3. 866 Sutter.
TYPEWRITING of any kind. Room 604. 704
Market *t.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions rscelv.d at
Call Branch offlce.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C3 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMSHT WAKTTTO TkTATiT;
AAA — Scber all around handy man d«stres a
steady position: understands gardening. milk-
Ing, handy with tools, good horseman and
driver; best of references. Box 2023, Call.
ADVERTISING specialist, touring manager
and press agent, varied colonial experience.
Just arrived, desires appointment. Addr-ss
box 2S7fl. Call office.
A YOUNO man desires situation ln private
family or store; Is good salesman; speaks
French: will do moat anything; wishes t«
study evenings. Box 2C63, Call office.
GARDENER: practical, thoroughly experienced
In all branches of gardening, capable' nt
taking c*»arg» of larg» grounds, desires po-
sition. Box 2««fl. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man tn laundry
(hotel) of country plant: 34 years" experi-
ence with electric machinery: also I yeai
firing; references. Box 2871. Call office.
GERMAN. 42 years, married, wants lUht
work; handy at most anything; best of refer-
ences. Box 2617. Call office.
WANTED — Place as collector: security given.
H. F. SCHILLER. 2024 PoweU st.
YOUNO bartender and piano player wishes po-
¦Ition: city or country. Box 2S73, Call.
BUSIKXSS CHANCES— Continued.
A — ssssa — , _ mr -
NO TRIFLERS NEED TO APPLT.
IF YOU MEAN BUSINESS,
6ee R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
Department store; dry goods, clothing and
rarpets; business established 35 years and
known as one of the best paying mercantile
establishments across the bay; stock will In-
volct- to about $35,000; owner to retire; will
ficcrpt '/; cash, balance on first-class security.
A — $M>0 — CIGAR stand on Kearny st., close to
Butter; goud paying stand; cause of sale,
owner don't attend to his business. Call R.
G. 'WILKE. 26U Kearny et.
A— S300; C1GAK stand; rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. G.
| WILKE. 20^, Kearny st.
A— $1SOO; CORNER saloon ln wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; rent $75;
l«-aee; a good paying business: value ln eight;
owner engaged otherwise. Sea R. G. WILKE,
1*6 Vt Keansy et,
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition: 0 living rooms; rent $45; 4V4 years'
lease; Fplendid location and good-paying bus-
inets. H. G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny st.
A— $800; CORNER ealoon; rent $20; place
surrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying bueiaese. Call R. G. WILKE. 26ft
Kearny «t.
A— $2800; CORNER bakery and confectionery,
ice-cream parlor, etc.; 4 fine living rooms;
rent $50; one of the best of its kind of bust-
ness ln the city. See R. G. WILKE. 2ttft
Kearny st.
A— fJOU); CORNER grocery and bar. with
living-rooms; rent $45; best location on Mis-
sion ct. ; place established years; fresh stock:
value ln Elpht and a good paying store. See
R. Q. WILKE. 20H Kearny at.
A— $100; CANDY, ice cream and tamale par-
lor on Devleadero st. and 3 nice furnished
rooms; rent $25; a bargain; owner sacrifices,
as he must leave the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A — SOoCO; saloon, with 10 years" lease; dose to
Chronicle bldg.; rent $250; return rent $176;
place doing good business; full value ln sight;
* great bargain. See R.G.WILKE,2G%Kearny.
A— $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc: monthly income $1000: one of the
beet business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>^ Kearny St.
A — $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent UOO; lease;
with flrst-clats paying saloon ln manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
cess. Eee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny sL
A— $6500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses. 2 hacks, 1 coupe, 18 bug-
gies, harnesses, etc.; i"J steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a first-class paying business; rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE. 26Va Kearny st.
A— JIGOO; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds. 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; ln lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny et.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
cf Market et. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st.
A— $2«00; HOTEL ln San Mateo County; 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See
R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A — j:;.Vt>; CORNER grocery and bar en Fulton
street; rent $60; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2500; a well established and
first-class paying business. Se» R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
BEFORE you buy any business call and see
BERG & POPP, 31S Kearny st.
$1000— SALOON; near Market; bargain; call
at once. BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$50u — GROCERY and delicatessen: value in
Eight; bargain. BERG & POPP, 313 KeaT.y.
$3500— SALOON, one block from Market; bar-
gain. See BERG & POPP, 313 Kearny st.
$3000 — HOTEL and bar. 30 rooms. 45 board-
ers. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$1400— SALOON and merchants' lunch: whole-
Fale district. See BERG & POPP, 31S
Kearny st.
$C500 — HOTEL of 76 rooms; cheap rent and
lease. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$3000 — SALOON with lease; rent $80- bargain.
See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$600 to $2750— RESTAURANTS in good loca- i
tlon; bargains. See BERG & POPP, 318
Kearnj- st.
$375 to $1000 — CIGAR stands ln rood loca-
tion; bargains. See BERG & POPP, 31S
Kearnj- st.
/ *
\ *
DO TOU WANT a nice, genteel business that
Is guaranteed to clear $3000 per annum on an
investment of J6500? Besides, for your in-
vestment you receive a stock of goods and
fixtures that will Invoice close to $«MX>; busi-
ness Js located in one of California's most
beautiful and prosperous inland cities, less
than »0 miles from San Francisco; long lease
with very reasonable rent on building; such
an opportunity Is seldom offered and is
worthy of your immediate investigation. For
full particulars eee
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 406, Examiner bldg., San Francisco, CaL
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or eell property of any
description do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Juct what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 34C8.
PARTNER WANTED.
Leading, responsible real estate agency'of
Berkeley desires progressive, thoroughly up-
. to-date man of experience with some capital
and references as co-partner In the same;
Silt edge offer. Box 240. Berkeley Gazette.
EALOON and restaurant— Best family resort
ln Watsonvllle: low rent and long lease -
limit of 25 saloon licenses ln this city: doing
a cood buslnes*. Address THE TAVERN
Watsonvlllo. Cal.
?2.-"«— DELICATESSEN and home cooking with
?t»ai1y boarders; suitable for two ladies or
man and wife; nicely fur. living rooms-
receipts $15 day; rent $20 mo. Box r,Oin, Call,
PARTNER wanted that is reliable and honest-
lipht indoor busir.e^; established for years;
pay* at least $S"> per month to each;* very
small capital required. 87 Third st.. room 14.
GENUINE bargain— Best saloon in Haywards:
centrally located: long lease; selling account
elckr.efs; Investigate this. Address P. O
box r>27. Haywards.
A PROPOSITION requiring the u?i» of $900 or
$5>O(>; no rifks; splendid returns ln 4 months.
Box 2837, Call office.
A CORNER grocery delicatessen, with 2 fur-
nlFhfd rooms; rent $15; 3-year lease. Box
27*J», Pall office.
FINE corner delicacy, fancy groceries and
lliuor*. with 4 living rooms; can't be beat
70S Hayes »t.
J12<x k A YEAR for life secured by small
monthly payments for a short time only
INVESTOR. 518 Parrott bldg.
BRANCH bakery, candies, stationery, living
rooms; cheap. 614 Hermann St., opp. Hearst
School.
$350— PARTNER: steady man; paying busl-
nei:*; no night or Sunday work. Box 2(506,
Call office.
FOM sale — N'ew snd second-hand furniture
6tore; about $2000; or exchange for chicken
ranch. 1435 Mission st-
I CIGAR stand for sale south of and close to
i Market et. ; laundry branch ln connection.
! Box 1291. Call office.
FOR Mle— Bar; * furnished living rooms and
large dance hall; on Mission road. Inquire
E. MUNI. 810 Pacific »t. bet. 8 and 9 a. m.
FALOON for sale; one of the best corners south
cf Market St.; iong !ea«; $40 to $50 day re-
celpu; on account of 111 health. Call 690 4th.
YACHTSMEN and business men — All kinds
of drawing and tracing will be done chean
and exactly. Box 1718. Call.
iFOR EuJe — Fancy trade fru it 8 tore cheap; owner
leaves town. 7T Fourth st.
EM ALL bookblndery for Bale cheap. SCHMIDT
6C8 Geary st. '
FOR sale— $1500 grocery, bar; well-paying busi-
ness San Mateo County. 160 First St., city.
YOUNG lady wishes partner in Paciflc-st. sa-
loon. 321 Pacific st.
$50rt — PARTNER, steady worker ln well pay-
Ing business; refs. 510 Telegraph ave.,Oakland.
GOOD corner ealoon. on account of death. In-
quire 1898 Howard st. •-«.-;?*
$1000— FOR Bale, embroidery business with
good trade; suitable for lady. Box 23«1, Call, j
CALL at once; saloon for sale; bargain; ac-
count of «lckness. , 141 Second st.
A SNAP — First-class flower store for $100; e».
Ublished ll,j-tara. Call 808 Valencia et.
— Contained.
MISS ZEMDAR. young. Tlf^ed^lalrranTpaJnL]
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 60c;
G. $1: hours 10 to S>; names. 714 Franklin st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MOVED— Mrs. J. J. Whitney, clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. St. Kath-
ryn. 480 Ellis st., corner Leavenwortb. room
221: no signs.
ARRIVED from New York, Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychic for slate writing, clair-
voyance. Office. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
MRS. CRINPLE'S materializing seance Sun-
day eve. r>Oc; 8 o'clock. 32S Ellis st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkln.
room 4»; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium and life
reader; cir. ev. eve'g 10c; read dally. 43 6th.
DEAD-TRANCE medium; genuine, unique,
tuccessful. 114 McAllister St.; no sign.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and ruga also cleaned by compressed
air at 6hnp; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market sL;
Phones Main 152 and Rush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINCi'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Miseton 225.
I CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 128.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74,
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st-
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props!
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel. Mission 263.
Jl?.?H?5!?^L~,
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— OirmoTbreaJp
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 60c'
plates $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny cor Bash-
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns, $2 up'; fillings. 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns 82- no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt.204 Sutter" I
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon- dentist. r. 14. l,t
floor. Pheian bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farre"
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from G«ary st.
to comer Sutter and Grant ave.
AL i L . "^ f^ aran teed by the New Tork den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr., tKSO Mission. "or. 6th
DEESSMAKEKS AJID SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & MllllnerT^SchooT—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, "38 Mission
«.. between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest in the West:
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jcrdan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $3 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day. ev. 723 Market.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64; Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
CLASSES ln short story writing and Journal-
Ism meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m.,
333 Phelan bldg; terms very reasonable.
MISS MacNEILL, piano teacher: also coach for
tennis and club swinging. 36 Glen Park ave..
off Twelfth st.. bet. Mission and Howard.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Cd.. 602 Van Nesa
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pr«s.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
fcEGE, 13S2 Market st. Send tor catalogue.
IiODGiyG-HOUSES POB BAEE— Con.
A— CAMERON &. CO.. Phone SoutiTlOSo!
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rocms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything ln
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-
sient can clear $3C0 to $350 per month; hero Is
best proposition in city.
7-room modern flat; close ln; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on
I Sutter; paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars.
10S rooms; rent only $5 50 per room: long
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern housn;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that Is clearing
$3o0 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make offer;
exclusively with us.
f>0-room. new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent: most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account sickness.
45 rooms; rent orjy $125; first-class location:
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month: always full; best
buy ln city; account sickness; price $4500.
ISO rooms; grand, new. modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close ln; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished: close in; full of first-class peoplo;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur- ,
niehed; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
16 rooms: rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown; fine, respectable, money -
making house; part down, balance reasonable
interest.
9-room flat; rent only $50: water fre«: oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price {400.
128 rooms, cheap rent; long lease; tint-class,
up-to-date downtown house; i well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month: every-
thing flrst-clars condition; will trade fcr Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent: very central; good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an effer.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all ln flue shape; fine little apartment-house:
clears $150;' reduced to $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON. 3 Eddy St.
HOTELS.
MITCHELL & CO
1206 Market st Phone Jessie 2931
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO
11 ROOMS and bath; rooms always_ rented; a
bargain; no reasonable offer refused: owner
leaving city. 643 Geary St.
12-ROOM house; only $20 rent; $600 cash; well
furnished. 525 Jessie St.. bet. 6th arid 7th.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.'
- OLOTHTHQ BE1TOVATIITQ.
EUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche.' Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phonb Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; colleptions made;
city or country. Pacific : Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery st., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
. 16 pege«, In wrapper, lor mailing, $1 per year. ,
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continned.
A— CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddv st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 6-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing, also for winter ehootUig and
fishing; completely furnished und equipped
for housekeeping; automatic itenerators for
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 1-
people over nlgr.t; perfect little home: owner
obliged to ko East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO., a Eddy at.
FOR sale— Kirsi-ciass livery and boarding eta-
ble; best coast city ln California: 60 stalls;
rent only $75 per month; well stocked with
hcrses, buggies, hacka and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, causa of fcaie. CAMERON & CO.,
3 E<5dy Et.
FOR rale— Several good business propositions
for Investors, such as first-class laundry, ice
cream manufactoury, bakeries, furnishing
goodf, mercnandlse, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention: wculd be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our Met. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy Et.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real .'State,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AN Ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city; 7
acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished: 2
bars, dancing pavilion, ehootlng gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' leaie; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day: electric cars direct: clears $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR Fait — One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wcod. coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. F. : cheap rent: horses and wagons: all
equirmer.ts; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $800 per month; trial given If
desired: Dart down. CAMERON & CO.,
FOR ?ale — A small grocery and bar. Inquire
at the Jackson Brewery. 1428 Mission st.
GROCERIES and saloons for sale at 1J0S
Webste.r St.. Oakland.
$175— 8-ROOM house; rent $27 60; muet sell at
once. Call 357 Fourth et.
$175— CANDIES and pastry; 3 finely furnished
rooms and large basement. 525 Taylor st.
___I;ODOIgG-HOTTSi;S FOB BAI.E.
MARION GRIFFIN!
ROOM 4fX5. EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market eta., tel Black 8607; free list of
hotels and rooming-houses for sale. WE GUAR-
ANTEE GOOD TITLES. MONEY TO LOAN.
City and Country Real Estate for Sale.
WE ESPECIALLY RECOMMEND a 33-room
house, north cf Market; price reduced to
$2500; $1000 down. $25 monthly and low in-
terest: nice, quiet, permanent roomers; clear-
Ing $13S monthly guaranteed; owner anxious
to ko East immediately.
MARJON GRIFFIN.
MUST BE SOLD by Oct. 14— A thoroughly re-
spectable rooming-house, centrally located
and most heautlfullv furnished ln velvet and
birdseye maple; 50 rooms; rent $0 per room;
now clears $200 monthly; when full, clears
$300; 5-year lease; make your own offer to
MARION GRIFFIN.
GILT EDGED.
$10,000 f first payment) secures one of the
largest and most popular apartment-houses
ln this city; everything strictly first class.
—Profit over $6000 Annually —
See My Fale Agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
PROFIT $174 monthly— A respectable corn-r
42-room house: price $3000: Vi cash; rent
$125; r>-year lease, if you say *o: 2 floors;
fine entrance. MARION GRIFFIN.
FOURTEEX-ROOM house ln quiet location,
north of Market; sunny side of street; t.-1:«
S&00, Vi cash and $10 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
UNEQITALED TERMS— $400 secures a respect-
able 21-room lodging-house, 3 blocks of Mar-
ket; price down to $1100; we back you for
all over $400: rent $60; clears $70 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN. 408 Examiner Bldg.
N. B.— Only $500 down; we back you for bal-
ance; elegantly furnished apartments; re-
gpectable; $75 banked monthly: roomers take
care of their own rooms; 24 rooms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
LADIES. If you want a One rooming-house,
above reproach, come and see a • swell, ¦ fash-
lonable 40-room house on Sutter St., clear-
log $150 monthly. MARION GRIFFIN.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A Phenomenal J5 "Mentar~TReadTng~for~Sl
The great — ELLSMKRE Ellsmere —The
great Egyptian seer, palmist, medium; the
greatest clairvoyant in the world; tells your
name what you called for. .^hom and when
you will marry, about business, etc.; Ellsmere
is different from other clalrvo>ants because he
does what they claim to do; things that are
peyond ordinary understanding, things that
seem Impossible; he glvea you Information, re-
ller, success, satisfaction, power and control
or any character affecting any one or anything
past, present or future; He tells you Just what
you may expect and what to .io for your best
Interests ln any matter; he awakens a natural
force within and around you, Klvlng you a se-
cret power to remove the cause of any trouble,
influence, unhappiness, disease, poverty, failure
or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens up
a way for success and happiness you desire; a
power to secretly change the thoughts, actions,
habits or Intentions of any one, even miles
away: remember there Is no guesswork when
you consult him: if affairs of the heart or emo-
tions of love Interest you, he gives exact and
truthful advice on all love affairs; he tdvises
you how to settle lovers' quarrels and enables
you to win the esteem and love of any one you
desire.
3 offices. 1007^4 Market st. 3 offices.
Open Sunday, every day, 1m to 8. Mail, $2.
THE greatest living adviser on the continent,
RICHARD MAYO.
Reduced charges this week.
Full life reading, f 1 00.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you call
for; glvo dates, facts and names of departed
or absent friends; he tells every wish of your
life, how to gain success ln love, courtship,
marriage, divorc»: whether you'll be success-
ful in business affairs; in fact no matter what
may be your fear, hope or ambition, call on
this gifted man and find relief; his descrip-
tions of your friends and enemies are as real
as though they stood before you; he will send
you away happier, wiser and bolder than ever
before: tells you whom and when you will
marry, settles lov» quarrels, promptly reunites
the separated, no matter how long standing,
positively mentioning your sweetheart's full
name: he tells everything, good or bad; you
hear the truth and nothing but the truth:
all business confidential. 421 Ellis st. (pri-
vate), walk in; hrs. S to 10 daily and Sunday.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR TOU.
His former |5 reading thla .week for $1.
PAUL. DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever ln San Francisco.
I do hereby ROlemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell your name
and what you want to know. I tell If hus-
band, wife cr sweetheart Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry; in fact, I
will tell everv hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell j-oursplf; I will Improve
your condition bo you will reach the greatest
possible strength In mental, and bodily vigor
and luck thai insures success ln business,
mining and speculation; I Implant controlling
power ln your nature so you can fascinate
any one you desire, win the one you love,
bring back your loved one and cause marriage
with the one of choice. 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
Closed Sunday. 32fi — O'Farrell st. — 328.
MME. M. BERNARD , THE FAMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg.: eh« reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles, consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice ln all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant, me-
dium, born with double veil and second sight,
gives lucky dayB; tells past, present, future.
Ladies 60c; O.. by cards, $1; palmistry, clair-
voyant sittings, $1 50. 303 Jones, near Eddy.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant cry»-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly '
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 3.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market it., Ean Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to S p. m.: Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
WHEN others fall, try Mrs. Clark, the wonder-
ful palmist, clairvoyant and card reader; la-
dles only. 428 Geary st.
A — lira'. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis st.. near Market
MME. ODELIa clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves: 25c up. 612% Eddy St.; no sign.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
er; readings 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. ,512 Jessie at.
MRS. BAUMANN. tna well-known ' } fortune- '.
teller, Is now at 317 Ellis st.
FRBE-fl COMPLETE SET OE CPEPE PAPEP LUNCH SETS,
CREPE PAPER.
FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS
& '^^^^^ • .' ; '?4ips^'' -' C f8i A LUNCH SET CONSISTING OF
V $&^ '' % I^.*i«r ' I xL €3.2/ii 57^/1 <L/1>jIJi *94»/AC \J
||1 IBssT ' : . . *"*"' > "V -. Jwti^^ These Sets provide beautiful effects in
• ' > Impifiti ta^ e c * ecorat * on anc * h ave become quite a fad
a^?W g^^^HH for * unc k es > teas and even dinner parties, as
-^^^^^^^^™ hl ¦^^^mrt^P^^^^^ti they closely resemble linen in their texture and
SAMPLE DOILIE SHOWING ONE DESIGN.
, — " are most artistically printed in various designs
such as Holly, Violets, Rose, Lace and Palm. The coloring is vivid and the effect most natural.
Any one bringing a Want Ad to our office
THURSDAY, FRIDAY OR. SATURDAY
Will receive FREE a box containing one of these sets.
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1904.
13
THE LATEST TAD, TO WANT ADVERTISERS — FIRBE!
I^AUNCBCES^OB^ HIBE !
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st. ; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 5.14.
J. Michaelis Launch Co.. Union-st. Wharf ; boat-
.ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ; tel. John 2GSti.
MATTRESSES AND PIXI.OWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. : phone South 216.
MEDICAL^
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
ftom irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st., rooms 7 and S.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide in me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say Jhls. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist fo r all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. . 100S% Market st., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' specialist, now
visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
DR and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth st.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe sure, never falls:
$2. Gleason-Ruggle* Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th: ladles relief or no fee: $10.
MINES A SD MIHINO.
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO. Crossley bldg.
anSCEI.T^ANEOPS — FOB SALE.
2D-H AND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps^
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? '
Repair It with elaterite, in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.'
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
weddins rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO., 25 Stockton st.
FOR sale, cheap — 1 4-hp. gas engine in per-
fect order; can be seen at work dally at 3178
Seventeenth St., near Howard.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at' $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12, upstairs.
FOR sale, cheap, four pure fox terrier puppies.
Call at 520 Broadway, 7 to 5 p. m.
BARGAINS In 2d-hand cash registers, includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed; terms. 14 Turk st.
FOR sale — A few genuine Navajo blankets at
cost. Apply 409 Market St.
WRITING desk, bookcase, combined; leaving
. city; cost $67 50; cheap. 4432 Eighteenth st.
SAFES and desks, prices right, at Richardson
Bros., 123-125 New Montgomery, nr. Mission.
Wallpaper, 3'^c; paint, $1 gal.; painting, whlt-
. enlng. Merigan, 1302 Webster; tel. Steiner 3671
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1C07 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks; for «ale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring. $50; terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
..write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
FINE diamond sunburst: 7 large stones; a
bargain; S350. 10 Sixth »t-
ROOMS papered, $4 up: tinting. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission et. ; tel. South 811.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C O'DONNELL. 1021 Vj Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magie lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SOME good iM-hanil gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p., cheap. «2. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mrkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE~ HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th»~Weekiy Call,
lfi paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MXSCEI.I k ANEOUS WANTS.
AA — BUY any amount pood 2d-hand ladies' &
men's clothes. 92'J Folsom ; tel. Folsom 3522.
WANTED— A stylish carriage, team. 15 to 16
hands high, weight 1150 to 12W) pounds;
must be perfectly sound and thoroughly
broken; for private use. Box 30S7, Call.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 405, Ad-
ams bldg., 206 kearny at.: phone Black 3030.
HIGHEST prices for ladies', gents' castoff cloth-
Ing.. etc. Tel. Davis R25; 650 Sacramento st.
WANTED — White curly-haired Spitz Jog; thor-
oughDred. W,i 2t<01 Central ave.. Alameda.
WANTED — To lease morning paper route. Box
2t;58. Call office.
HIGHEST prtcen paid; gents' distort clothing
and shoes. Tel. P.ed 154 1. 615 Washington St.
TILTON want» good second-hand clothing anc"
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Jessie 2S31.
MONEY TO 1.0 AN.
LOAN COMPANY"* (Inc.)—.
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5^4 and U per cent
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies,
estates in probate, undivided Interests in
property, probate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies and undivided Interest* In
property purchaeed.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-t$03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490, Call office.
' SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms.- Drake, 453 Parrott bldg|
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity: also on real estate:
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security: any
amount O. W. BECKER. 30 Geary, room 3U.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confidential. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co..
722 Market st.
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities,
$25 up. without removal. The NortH Ameri-
, caa Realty and Bend Co., 60 Columbian bids.
HELP WANTED— PEMALE --Continued.
FRENCH i ook. country $10
% cooks, city $30-$35
Nurst.glrl. Arizona J25
N'ursegirls. i^an Mateo County $2.".
2 waitresses, restaurant $7-$s
Dlsnwuher, sunitarium 425
N^ai plrl. housework $:!0
Chainbiir.ia'id. laundress $25
'J. butler*, private families $40-$t.~>
Girls for housework, Oakland, ,Mamerta. near- I
by tewns ". . .$20, ?2o, $30 i
French ReamstreM and governess $30 1
CTeanh-Ji woman. Institution $20 j
2S Kills, general housework, city, nloe |
pluces , $25
Ap; ly to J.F. CROSETT & CO. .334 Hutter St.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdressing.
rr.atifcurlni;. etc.; trade taught from A to Z
I' In 2 weeks; tuition $5,to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately; positlonn
suarar.teed at $10 per week up: leading
school in West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
WANTED — Girls to loarn millinery now for
fall seuron; both seasons taught from start
to flnif=h in on? month for $15; positions as
trimmers, salei-lad'.es. makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
nifdlatcly. Parlor." J43 Stockton Kt . r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches UairdressinK,
mank-urinj?. plectric massage, etc. : six hours'
practice a day: guarantee positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening clashes: all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
LADIES to learn barb»r trade in 8 weeks; also
hairdressing and manicuring in 4 weeks: cat-
alogue mailed free. Moler Barber College
64'J 6-acrameiHo St.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators on
overalls, coats and jumpers; steady work.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32',i Fremont st.
Apply to Mr. Davis. !
YOUNG women of good education to train for
nurses; paid while learnlns. Box 2761, Call.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and coat hands.
Apply to J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
¦* HELP^WANTED— aCAjDE.^^^
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.,
«4-»J5 CHRONICLE BLDG.. James 2621. !
Fine leather bag maker S'W mo.
Expert catf-rer. nrst-class hotel ...$100 mo.
¦i local pale?men who thoroughly understand
California wines and liquors, salary $100
to $ir>U mo.
Manager carpet dept. to soil and superintend
cutting and fitting carpets. $125 mo. up
Al cutter, close to city $150 mo.
Al Varnesn and saddle makers, city. $75 to
$100 month.
Campbell machine hand, city, $S0 mo up.
2 prescription and drug clerks, $75 mo. start.
Floorwalker, large firm, dry goods ex., $65
to start.
Several cabinet makers for city $90 mo. up.
First-class all around dentist. .$S0 to $100 mo.
Mattress makers and upholsterers. $3 ."jO d. up
S floor or store plate molders.. $3 SO day up
5 metal roofers for city $4 50 day up.
Al poultry man for city $60 mo. start.
Man of ability and experience to travel,
$100 and exiienses.
Expert lapel button maker Al salary.
Jewelry repairer and salesman, country $100.
2 bench hands, brass fittings. .$12 to $18 wk.
3 metal polishers $15 to'$lS wk.
1 burnisher, experienced $10 to $15 wk.
Salesman for ladies' wear and corsets, $100.
Boys to learn trade $6 wk. start.
Positions furnished free to live errand boys.
We advertise none but strictly bona fide po-
sitions.
Open Sunday also from 10 to 3 p. m.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant 155.
420 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
Head waiter and 2 waiters. $50-$35, for
country hotel and free fare.
Chef, first-olasfi city restaurant, $75.
2 waiters, $:k>.
Man and wife (no children), gentleman's
place, country, must understand gardening,
care of horses and cows and machinery, $60
up; last party here 13 years.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Emp. Office.
420 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU,
SOti Market St., room 325, fifth floor.
Openings for men.
Bookkeepers $15 to $2."> week
Stenographer* $15 week
Manager department store $25 week
IJill an.I entry clerk $15 week
Man for wholesale house $15 week
Man for warehouse $15 week
CaUinet-uiaker $20 week
Watchman $15 week
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
&0C Market St., room 325, fifth floor.
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
Contractors' agents, 95 Third st.
2 riveters, Sierra County. 35c an hour.
Teamster, Bay^Shore line, $2 25.
Amador County, new railroad work, team-
sters, $2, big Job.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook, $70. call early; but-
ler. >W and found; carpenter. $3 day; young
Irishman for institution. $2ri and found; fore-
man for dairy. $00 and found; and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento it.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, 4 12.
Dishwasher, country hotel, must wait on
table. $'!0.
WANTED — Young man from 18 to 20 years
of age who has had some experience In
men's furnishing goods. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.*
WANTED — Boy from 18 to 20 years of age to
learn the dry goods business. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — First-class dress goods nun to go
to a city not far from Soji Frajicisco. Ap-
I>ly between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Young man as bookkeeper; must
be Al accountant and able to do some
stenography: bond and references required;
rood position for right party. Box- 2017,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker: also pants and veet
maker for country. Apply REES BROS. <&
CO., 24 Sutter st.
SHEET iron worker and bench tinner; union
sh'>p; 0 hours: mention where last worked.
Address box 3179, Call office.
WANTED — Stock and errand boy for dry
roods store. Apply R. D. DAVIS CO.,
Geary st. and Grant ave.
WANTED — Experienced coffee roaster; steady
position; must be reliable and well recom-
mended. Box 3123, Call office.
WANTED — Competent engineer for Inside
manufacturing plant; give reference and ex-
perience; steady Job. Box 3122, Call offlc*.
BARBER wanted for to-day; 10c shop. 803
Kearny st.
BARBER for Saturdays and Sundays. 105614
Folsom fit. - •
WANTED— First -class barber for Saturday and
Sunday. 11 Grant ave.
GORDON pressman! R. R. PATTERSON, 429
Montgomery st.
WANTED — Crockerv packer for crates and
casks. Box 3110, Call office.
BOY about IE years of age to work In flower
«tore. Call Monday at 80S Valencia st.
CANVASSERS fcr new proposition. Cal! after
3 p. m., 415 Eleventh St., Oakland.
SHOEMAKER wanted for repairing and boy
for learning trade. 27 Fourth st.
MEN to learn the detective profession. 097
Market st., room 104.
FOR SALE — A bargain: two-chair barber
shop; must go East. 1608 Devisadero st.
NOTICE to barbers — Charter open for thirty
days; initiation fee $2 60. By order of Local
14*. 3. B. I. U. of A. ABE GORF1NKEL.
i secretary pro tern.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ic*, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD
Jv SMITH. 05 Third St.. S. F.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop in the country for
sale; all oak furniture and continuous mir-
rors; one of the best towns in the State; side I
line pays rent. Address box 2977. Call office.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg., 1095 Market Ft.
LAUNDRY commission driver: apply immedi-
ately: bundle work preferred: state amount
of work per week. Box 2644, Call office.
MAN to learn good paying trade; references
and $25 deposit required. Call to-day, 212
First st.
WANTED — A traveling salesman for a large
local tailoring establishment. Apply box 2814,
Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 60c. 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st. and 2d sts..
or 11 Third St.. Examiner building.
BARBER school; the cheapest and best In-
struction and shortest time to learn the
barber trade in th« world. 647 Commercial st.
WANTED — Brlpht errand boy; steady position.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO., 233 Post st. -
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 828 Bush
et., third floor, room 4.
TWO carpenters; $3 60; 8 hours; long job. '
i Apply 612 Mercnant tU j
HELP \^NJTED—3IAXE— Continued. ]
A- -MURRAY ARKADY, <«U and 0:iij Clay St.
Phone Main 561S.
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French, Italian,
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
eO.OOO Men Work. .Increase 60,000.
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenters, Calaveras Co.; long job, $3 25
day.
2 carpenters, house work, $1 day; G car-
penter?, city. $3 day; 4 carpenters' helpers,
mine, $75; carpenter and handy man, mine,
?00.
WOOD WORKER.
Wood worker, country shop, $" day.
Wheelwright. $3 50 day.
3 bench hands, 12 rabinet makers.
LOOK!
MECHANICAL.
T. blacksmith!!, 1<> carpenters.
6 plumbers, north, fare paid, 8 hrs.. $4 day.
4 iron molders. •?•'* 50 day; ."> plasterers, $4 50
day.
2 brushmakers. matcher and sticker hand.
2 plltdrlvcr men, country, $:» day.
4 slumbers, bricklayer, painter.
3 paper hangers, city, ?3 to .*4 day.
MURRAY & READY, 034 and «."0 Clay st.
A — REAI) THESE
CAREFULLY.
3 experienced chicken pickers, $15 week.
3 hotstlers, -$(iO; 5 stablemen, city and coun-
try, $:15 and found.
Apple-packer Country. $ ; I2 50 and found.
IC FAHM HANDS.
12 Plow Teamsters, $.'!<> to $35 and found.
<j milkers; fc ehoremen, j»rlvat<> and ranches.
. 10 BOYS -BOX FACTORY.
12 laborers, lumber co.. north. $G0.
Boy for grocery store, city, $7 week.
20 laborers, city and country.
MURRAY & RKADY, 6154-636 Clay st.
A— ARE YOU A
COOK, WAITER, DISHWASHER, PORTER,
BUTCHER, BAKER?
Baker, country shop, $C0 fd. ; baker's helper,
$30 and found.
12 butchers, city and country shops and
slaughter.
Block butcher, fare $1. $50' fd.
Sausage-maker, south. $40 fd.
Hheep and hog butcher. $70 to $100 month.
4 cooks, 5 waiter?. S dishwashers and kitchen
hamls.'
Saloon porter $2." fd.
MURRAY &' HEADY, B34-036 Clay st.
GOLD AND SILVER^
COAL AND COPPER.
MINES. MINES. MINES.
5
Machine miners, gold mine, Mariposa Coun-
ty, $90.
10
Hand miners, gold quartz mine, $82 50.
o . .
Carpenters' helpers for mine company, $75.
Carpenters, gold mine, see boss here, $90.
Timbermen, gold mine. $82 50.
10 COAL MINERS.
STATE OF WASHINGTON.
Good mine, good accomodations, $3 to $3 75
day.. £
See: us about it; it's good.
MURRAY & READY, «34-636 Clay st.
NOW LOOK.
SPECIAL.
MANUFACTURING CO.
10 laborers, manufacturing co., no experience
needed; you'll suit; steady Job, $U0.
5 teamsters, same company, $ti0.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; only institution teaching the ton-
sorlal art. Call or write for free catalogue.
Special offer. Mohler Barber College, 649
Sacramento st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bld.;open till 9 p.m.
PAINTER and paperhanger; $3 50; steady job
to good man. 612 Merchant st.
THREE young men can earn course In city
business college. Box 2703, Call office.
WANTED — Bright young man ac a collector;
must know the city. Box 2936, Call office.
BARBER' shop for sale on Market st.; very
reasonable. Apply Call office.
MAN to learn the barber trade. We pay you
while learning. 751 Mission st.
THREE-CHAIR barber . shop for sale on ac-
count sickness. 779 Folsom, nr. Fourth st.
S. F. BARBER College will take next 6 scholars
free. Call for particulars at 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart »t.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery: sewed soles 10 mln.,75c.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy., r.415.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls.r.40.Ph«lan bldg!
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b*en
opened Kt 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL »i«f msn's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. r,o.", Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITORS WANTED.
WANTED — Active, educated men of business
ability to sell the new International Ency-
clopedia. DODD, MEAD & CO.. 501 Parrott
building. 1
FOR sale — For want of use, a beautiful pair
of matched ponies, bays with black points,
51 inches high: kind and gentle to drive sin-
gle and double. Can be. seen at the Olympic
Club stables. 503 Sutter st.
BAY team, double carriage harness; 8 seated
trap; light surrey and buggy . Kim ave., off
Pierce st. between Ooldrn Gate ave. and
Turk st., 7 to 11 a. m. and 5 to 0 p. m.
FINE river bottom pasturage: Kreen feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Conta
County. Nucleuc Stables. l!>0 Stevenson, S.F.
CARLOAD gentle work and driving horses.
Western Hors* Market 220 Valencia st E.
STEWART, formerly of 721 Howard st.'
THREE second-hand top wagons, business
buggies and delivery wagons of all kinds.
*¦ 1504-1506 Folsom st.
FINE rubber tire Victoria; the latest thing;
for sale cheap. 1503 Folsom st.
GOING cut of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1CS0 Mission st., nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wapons. har-
nesn. work & driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
HJOUSESJTO I.ET.
A — PRINTED lt.«t of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
BROADWAY. 1S32. near Lacuna — 8 rooms,
bath: marine view; r«r.t $J2 50.
; HOUSES TO LET — rtTRNTSHED.
FOR rent — Modern furnished house; 8 rooms
and bath; electric lighted; '2'V2H Pacific ave.;
2 car lines cass the door. For further par-
ticulars apuly M. SYLVIA. 17 and 1U
Battery st.
FOR sale — Whole or part furniture of 7-room
houso; halls and bath; 4 rooms rented Ad-
ply 943 McAllister St.
PINK. 2790 — Completely furn. bay-window S r.
bath, yard, basement; coal; pas r.; clean, sun.
HOUSES rXT^ISJgED—rOB SAM.
FOR sale — 10-room furnished house. 45 Sacra-
mento St.; rent cheap.
.' iNVALin cgAgas.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eamcs tricycle chair, 201S Mkt. ;tel. Park 775.
XOST A»D FOUND.
LOST — At Emporium, black silk bag containing
money end gold watch highly prized as heir-
loom, bank and check books and papers valu-
able to owner alone.- Generous reward return
to Hotel Netherland office; no questions asked.
LOST — 13th. cardcase with R. R. pass R*no to
Los Angeles, telegrapher card, Odd Fellow
due receipt. Return to 800 Van Ness ave.,
Van Eddy House: reward.
LOST — Lady's gold watch; inscription, "From
Charlio to Mother": lost between Turk and
Market Bts. and Piedmont Park. Oakland.
Return Netherland Hotel, IS, Turk; reward.
Packayc bills addressed to J. Le Maltre. Re-
turn J.La Maltre, Un.Sq.Mkt.,O'Farren&Mkt.
LOST — Small red purse containing money and
Jewelry. Reward at 210 Twelfth St.,
LIKE FINDING MONEY?" ~~~ ~
Selllngyour old gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to b« made late new
, watch, casua. 220 Sutter st.
MOBTET JTO LOAN — Continued.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at '£
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market; tel. Main 1S44. Branch \0 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business In 48
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
YOUNG & CO.. room 537 Parrott bldg.. loan
money on furniture, pianos, etc.. at about
half the rnte charged by other peopl»; mort-
gages at high rates and leases' paid off.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton St..
near Market.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security: diamonds or chattels: no fee; no
com.; cut nate. Cal. Loan Co.. 526 Parrott bid.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PER rent cn furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 2« Montgomery st.. rm. 21.
TO salaried people w'lthout security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 3.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton »t..
loans nioney on diamonds, valuables, eje, at
2 per cent per month.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bids.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamond? and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral; Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
3 % ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on noten without
indorstr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
uozrs^^^rjuranK
WANTED to borrow $100 for 60 days; good se-
curity. Box 2614, Call office.
MTTSICAI. INSTRUMENTS.
A^E^V^ETTuTN^^pluGTFF^AltGATNsi
Mussard — Small upright, fine order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chlckerlng— Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany case, 3 pedals, lik?«new,
from $95 up; easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 18 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos: all makes In use<i instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 255-237 Geary St.; Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
WHY pay $.*>00 for a piano when you can buy
the same grade instrument for $160. cash or
installments, at ~tX> Market St., second floor?
ELEGANT walnut upright, former price $250.
to be had for $117. cash or installments, at
769 Market St., second floor.
SIMPLEX piano players, former price $2.V>,
fcr $125. r;»r>h or installments, at 7G9 Market
st., second floor.
WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560-62-64
Hayes St.; tel. Fell B761.
FOR sale — Manner piano, $150; no reasonable
offer refused. Box 2713. Call office.
FOR sale — Second-hand piano, $80. 90H Howard
st. cor. Sixth.
WANTED — Three good square pianos. BYRON
MAUZY, 30S Post st.
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORN UNO. 216 McAllister st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER, Bvron Mauzy pianos. Cerelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright plar.os sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stetnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
S,honlnRer. little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
OFTICES AND STOBES TOIJt.
ELEGANT offices; new Italian- American Bank
bldg.. SE cor. Montgy. & Sacto; light anj
sunny. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgy.
$30 — STORE to rent: 22xS5; 2 large show win-
dows. 1919 Mission, near 16th: water free;
basement.
DESK room cheap to right party; fine light
office. 36 Geary St.. room 19.
FOR rent— Section of large loft: light and airy
L. MINK. 1O> New Montgomery at.. 7th floor
PEBSOKALS.
A— MME. GILLINGHAM,
DERMATOLOGIST,
Has removed her parlors to 143 Stockton St.,
Union-square bldg., over Regal shoe store, opp.
City of Paris, room 16, where she will continue
to treat her patrons for all facial blemishes.
"REXRADIO'S" Sunday ads. will interest you.
Lecture and "public" free healing (in view
of audience), Sunday, '£ and S p. m. Bring
your sick. Come early to avoid crowding.
"Radium Hall. ' 7S.'Ha Market and 1 Fourth.
1 H E Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruS
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy CO.. 1338 Pofk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore threat, etc. Sold by all druggist* for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk St.. S. F.
IF ED DOWD. a native of Massachusetts, will
call at Golden West Hotel within three days
he will meet relative who desires to meet
him.
HOFFIIEIMER, formerly Cincinnati. late
Colonies desires address Friends. Address
box 28T7. Cail office.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
IStit). 2122 Fillmore St.: phone Geary 2053.
BEST on eartb — Barradas liver, kidney, asue,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured; $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 330 Grant a»e.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
Cn the worst bald head. Call or writ*.
DR. O. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farreil at.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trous-rs at CHARLES LYONS'. . London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post St.. near Po-srelL
MRS. HOLSHOUSER. 320 Starr King bid*.. 121
Geary — Bust devel., electrolysis, massage.
SUITS to order on installments of II per week.
NEUHATJS CO., the tailors. 729 Market st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 73. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
*$] a week: suits to order $15 up. LEMO8, 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 133 Montgomery st.
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing*.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton, 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Oeary.r.33.
LADIES «nd gentlemen, you will Ond best hair
tonic In the world at 1810 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $» SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERAGE costumes, play books, wtga;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1 at all druggl.«ti'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS AND STTBGEOHS. i
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
liCUi Market st.. bet. Cth and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073M; Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo.
cated at 6C7 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbj. 71G-S Clay st.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINATa^
torney-at-law. C Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PUBCHASINQ^AQEKCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent: coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit.
cd. 3M lArkin at., room 13: wL Soutb Old.
XJ-^LO-STSIESTT WASTE2-MALE--Con.
FTRHT-Cl*a£S RMS for aU Kinds of wprk wish
Mtu.i:tot,s. P^-c J. F. CROSETT .* CO.. C2S
i- : m n rr.erno st.
WANTXlj— Lipht crr.ploymeiu by a trusty
n an without any oad habits; undVr-
t-tands cart of hurses; can milk; country
I ¦¦'.rred. 15ox 3*H2, Cail office.
PXJCX1SSR, licenced and ir.dfp-nd<-nt. wants
v.'urk from property owner by the day or
«'-'k: ha* all ntcrssipr s^op tools. Box 2*04.
' i'l- ofrk-e.
MAN and wife would like rositicn on ranch;
man eg foreman; wife to <!n cooking: best
r--f«r«-noe». iio* 15St\ 100S >tarket ft.
U'AXTED — SitUHti-n in cigar star* by young
man is y»-ar» old; good chiiracter. Box -070,-
Call offloe. j
KELtAlIUS nan wants portion; night watch-
man; rrlcrerveT. I. B., 7.">«> Folsom St.
BOY Trould like work in hardware store aXter
Kch*.l. A., box 1440, Call. Oakland.
A SOBHK, industrious young married man
wi*hpF jv*>:;;o^ as- eWk in store; has had
four years' exyenrm-e In genera! merchan-
dise; can furnish sood reterence. 1N:C. How-
ard at.
TOl.'NG fore:jrner, bookkeeper, speaks and cor-
rerpond* la the English. (>rm*r. and Scandi-
navian languages, wants position; b«?st refer-
ences": willing to start at low salary. Box
2G33, CaJl office.
ACCOUNTANT, yjuns man. experienced au-
ditor ard eys-temstirer. lami'.iar with a.l
modem methods: peroiaaent or temporary:
excellent ortrdentiais; wagos moderate. Box
2547. Can.
EMPLOTMKNT by one-armed man of good
h :-.!•¦• and habits; experience In insurance
and c>nr*l work: act as- doorman or watch-
man, liox —•'.¦*. Cail office.
BOOKKEEPER — Younx man wants position
either hs head or assistant : best referenoes;
t» years' experience: lumber business pre-
ferred Koom K2, Hotel K&mona.
SCANDINAVIAN man and wife would like
work on ranch; wife good cook; man general
ran.-h h»n<3: understands to take charge of
rsE_h; b*wt of reference*. Bcx 2604. CalL
1IAN ar.d wife, young, want position; man ex-
perienced coachman and groom, do garden-
ing if required : wi:e a good cook; city ref-
erences- Box 11757, Call office.
YOUNG man. 17 years old. desires position in
wholesale house, offio? or outside work; "^
years' experience; can furnish best of refer-
rnct?*. Box 27C0, Call office.
GOOD all -round man want* position In pri-
vate place; understands care of horses, gar-
den; good driver: can milk; good references.
Bcx 2515. Call office.
A THOROUGH constructing elertric or steam
engineer, understands mining machinery and
raj'.road work: good references. Address
box 2^t:5. Call office.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants tott of books to keep, opening and
closing bocks, experting accounts, etc Box
2^63. Call office.
WANTED — Position by flrrt-class salesman
and solicitors, or as general agent. Address
box 2O4. Call office.
Fi^OTCHMAN. educated, especially medicine,
sunr«-iy and pharmaceutical: light position;
srtend gentleman; travel. Box 2815. Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper (male, 36) is open
to aii engagement.; (toad references. BETA.
bcx 2^75. Cail office.
Y'>l~N<J man. 22 years of age, would like
work in clectri? plant to learn trade or oth-
erwise. Box 2S12, Call office.
1 WISH work, city or country; good cook; good
rvconmiendations; very honest boy: wages
$:.'.'. month. HITA. £'<S Kearny st.
COACHMAN ar.d pardrrier. all round handy
mar., can milk, handy with tools, wishes p<.-
.-:'.!' n; best references. Box 2953. Call- office.
EXPERIENCED .traveling man wants situa-
tion; Frnall salary and expens-s to start with
Address box 2S«,R, Call oftlee.
POSITION by young man a* bookkeeper or
'lerk in hardware or paint establishment;
was^s moderate. Box 77. Call office.
YOL'NG man cieFlres position with a first-class
mining coir.pany: experit'nc*' : best of refer-
ence* IJox 2S7U. CSU offlc-e.
YOl'NU man would like any kind of work at
nurht; understands running elevator. Box
2s.>5, (-.til ofnce.
SITUATION wanted by German C37) as sta-
Meman. laborer ht any other kind of work.
Box r.'^U. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as eight watchman. Jan-
itor, porter, collector or work in private
V'.ace; Al references. Box 2S3L Call office.
YOUNG man, "A years of age. wishes position
if porter; rt- f*rences or bond given. Box
L'&sC. Call office.
A BELUfiLB man wants Doeitlon as night
watchman: references. Address L B.. 7&6
Folsom fct-
EXPERIENCED check writer wants position.
B"X 2X5. Call office.
FXHST-CLAS8 bsrber wants situation in the
riuntry. Box 2015. Call office.
A HCHITEOTURAL draughtsman would like.
position with marble works. Box 2eC5. Call.
HANDY man wishes position to make himself
useful in many ways. G. W.. 714 Howard st.
YOITN'J man. 25 years old. would like to learn
carpenter trade. Bcx 27(52. Call office.
ilTTLER wishes a position in city or country:
ha* firyt-clais references. Bcx 28S0. Call.
PCTLEB wishes a position, city or country.
Box 2*45. Call offlc*.
I AliPER. young man, wants chance to learn
business. AdJress bcx 2979, Call office.
CHINESE, excellent cock, very nice refer-
ence*. wish< s a situation in family; city or
country: waees (3?. Adjxess T34A Jackson
et.. nom 21, phone China 14tJ, between 8
and 11 a. tn.
CHINESE flrrt-class cook wishes situation;
F?r,a:: family. $.'55 to $40. M5 Dupont «t.
''IIINESE cook, first class; has references; city.
A<i<Jrw<« LOUIE YUEN, care C16 Dupont st.
A CHINESE flr>t-cla*s cook wishes situation
in hotel. WING, 733 Commercial st.
• 'HINESE. first-clat* cook, wants situation in
hotel. BEN. 733 Commercial st.
CHINESE flrst-c'.aw cook wants situation in
irivate family. CHINCJ WING. »02 Clay st.
YOT-NO JAPANTPE STUDENT WANTS SIT-
UATION ; OFFICE OR KTORE BOY"
SPEAKS ENGLISH AND WRITES WELL!
K. SAKE. 41* DVTONT ST.
JAPANESE boy tnt-hes place as s=cho<>!hoy or
fit housework in nice family. Address R.
YANA, I £43 Webster St.. near Pine; tel.
Jsi k-»in SC41.
JAPANESE J r ou*nr. strong boy wants position
to • k- care of garden or housework in a
email family. K. ENDO. 235 Valencia St.;
phone Church 3ir,2.
JAPANESE wciran xvar.ls a place in small
family o« plain cook, housework; or couple,
man good cook. K. R., 1 Marlln alley, off
Taylor et.. between G^ary and Poet.
JAPANESE wants to wauFh dishes and wait at
table evt-rj- night, and gunday work. II AR-
VtY. 1410 P::.e n.. Ban Francisco; pnooe |
Hyde 171.
JAPANESE boy wants a position, porter,
chamUrwork or housework; understand!!
«otr.e English. T. NAKA. 744 Post st. .
JAPANES-'K boy wants a position as schoolboy
tn a fir.s.11 family. K. IKEDA, Japanese
Ooi^l Society. 725 Geary St.
A JAPANESE honest boy wants poeltion in
ary kind cf store or office at reneral work;
T+iKs well. IIIHARA. 219 Poet «t.
A <;O f ii> j>lain rook (Japanese boy) wants a
sitojtiin. CEO. D. Y.. 1525 Polk St.; phone
Polk 41U1.
A JAPANESE couple want positions: husband
help eook; wife fcr waitress. V. KODAMA. 1
r.;::» Stevenson St. I
G<;OD Japanese warns place in private family: '
bmmwisfc, x^c^^.ins or watt at table T.
CRANE, i'^20 Hailroad ave., Alameda.
JAPANESE henett boy wants position In any;
kin.1 of norr or office at {fr-neral work; speaks
t.*1J. H1HARA. Hit Pott st. »*¦=»—
GOOr- Je:*ni-te cuuple want positions In ram- j
lly; can n» poM cook: wife as waitress- be«t i
refs 6. T., 1303 Po!k St.; phone Larkln 482.
JAPAXni-'K bonr*t boy wants a position; waah
d:rt,-.f or housework; understands some Ent-
iUh T. NAKAMURA. 744 Post st.
JAPANESE Hirh School student withes posl-
«ioi. L11 family; good worker. UCORGJi
ll'l Ualstit kl
GOOD Japanes* boy wants penersl help after
*-•* » «--lo<-k i). m. 103 Port Ft.. R. MAN.
A JAPANESE boy. p»r.tle an<l honest, wants
position a» »c;ioclboy.M.U..321'^ O'Farrcll «t.
JAPANESE boy wants a rositio.T nt housework
or as dlshwsgher. FRANK, 744 Post St.
JAPANESE faithful boy wants sltuaUonVtchool
? Ley. S. O.. 1523 Polk rt.; pnon« Polk 401L ,
PIKAirCIAL^^
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by tb« best of income business prop-
inter U .' r lons guaranteed lease: quarterly
Send for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO (IXC.i
1172 Broadway. Cor. 14th St..
Oakland.
THR REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4,<Vrf),ono 00
Surplus 34O.0O1 86
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Ofnce — No. 14 Sansome street.
San Francisco, Cal.
COMPANIES Incorporated: new ideas: pre-
ferred, guaranteed stocks; preferential divi-
dends: big excitement mining; hurry up; do
it now; stock sold for you: Kastern connec-
tions; out-of-town <-!lents a-Urited: advice
free. Write A. F. HARARZTHY. £22 Cross-
ley bui!d.cg. Pan Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
•erviee absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
it., cn the square.
TWENTIETH. 4158. near Casrtro— Desirable
lower flat; 5 rooms anil bath; rent reason-
able.
FINE flat. 1S10 DevUadero st.. near Bush— 7
rooms, reception, bath and laundry rooms;
rent reasonable.
ASHBl'RT St.. botween Haight and Page: new
4 and 5 room flats; everything swell; Janitor
service; come and see them.
NEW, sunny flats of 6 rooms and bath: tinted
in latest style and everything up to date.
3152 and 3154 Twenty-sixth St.; $25.
ELEGANT, new, »unny 6-room flat; J32 50; 1
block north of Market st. 165 Noe St., near
Fifteenth.
A NEW tf-room sunny, tinted flat. 2832 Tost
ft. ; rent reasonable.
ET'REKA, 21<>, near Nineteenth— New lower
flat; 5 rooms and bath; rent reasonable. "
HAYES. J733. near park entrance — Sunny
flats of ."! rooms;* rent $10 to $12.
HAYWARD. 2, off Harrison, near Eighth-
Sunny model flat, 4 rooms; rent $11.
FINE. Kunr.y upper flat; marine view; 6 rooms
and bath. SE. cor. Jones and Broadway.
NEW sunny modern corner flat. 3'UH Sixteenth
St.. above Dolores; 5 rooms, bath; rent $21.
$1R— 51N JERSEY st.. near Twenty-fourth;
modem flat; 5 rooms and bath; no children.
FIFTEENTH, 21S6, near Noe— New, modem
flat »; rooms, bath; rent $30; nr. Duboce Park.
FOLSOM, 2fi7<5— Sunny upper flat 5 rooms, bath;
gardens, cement cellar; adults only; $18.
PARLOR floor, 4 rooms, to adults; $20. 2128
Howard et.
STANYAN st.. SIS, nr. Frederick, facing the
Park— Finest $45 flat in the city.
CENTRAL, modern flat; 5 rooms, bath. 1030
Sacramento St.. above Powell.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
NICE upper flat, 7 rooms and bath. $25. 190
Noe Kt.. near Fifteenth; Castro car.
FLATS TO LET — FTTBITISgED .
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of five
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. Apply-
daily between 1:30 and I) p. m., 79 South
Park.
BEAUTIFULLY fur. S room*,' lower: electric-
ity: marble entrance; $C5; 1O to 2. 1958 Bush.
HANDSOMELY fur. modern flats, 4. 5 and 9
r. : sun; rent reas.; 2 to 5 p. m. 434 Bartlett.
j& FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FOR sale — A snap: 5 rooms completely fur-
nished: call 1 to 6 p. m. ; room to rent; rent
gI4. 219 14 Tehama st.
TURK. 10S% — 6-room flat, well furnished; good
transient; 2 rooms pays rent; ,all outside,
sunny rooms; bargain if sold by October 21.
FURNISHED flat for »ale. 242 Sixth st.
EDDY. 812 — Well furnished S-room flat; sunny;
make an offer.
ELLIS, 927, near Van Ness — Snap; $250; 6-
room flat completely furnished; very low rent.
NEWLY furnished flat for sale; cheap. 4079
Eighteenth st.. near Castro.
CONTENTS of 7 rooms; must be sold by No-
vember 15. 1516% Vallejo st.
PLATS^WAHTED.
WANTED — 4-room flat; rent $18. Box 2387,
Call office.
yL'italTURE FOR SALE.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down. $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 813
FURHITURE WAHTEP.
' ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 7(51.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. auc. 1C36 Market: phone Jessie 2336.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
EMPLOYES*.) REGISTER CO..
Ui-ftS Chronicle Bldg. Phone James 2621.
Experienced shirt fitter $T."> mo
Lady to ma;iagu shirt fitter* JldO mo.
Young iady burner and designer $40 mo.
Several ladies for wholesale house.$i»-$70 mo.
Good workers on ladie»" waists. .$;j(>-$;jo mo.
« glria fcr factory work $3 to $12 week
Milliner saleslady $50 mo. start.
Lady for housework. 2 in family.. $30 mo.
REFINED, well 'groomed young woman for
secretary; must have excellent health and
som» knowledge of murie: one living with
mother prelerrcd; stenographers and sales-
women need not appply; references; salary
$50 month; hours 9 to 5. Address box 2955,
Call office.
LADIES— Earn $20 per 100 writing short let-
terr: stami>ed envelope for particulars. Ideal
Mfg. Co., Cassopolls, Mich.
NEAT young girl to assist with children;
good home; wages $10. Apply mornings, 1848
Page st.
GIRL wanted fcr office work: must, .be ac-
curate in figuring. California Baking Com-
pany, ccrncr of Eddy and Fillmore sts.
RAPID, -\ccurate typewriter: state experience,
machine used, salary wanted. Box 2751, Call.
GIRL to assist with housework; sleep home.
1915 EM :« st.
i WAITRESS wanted; no Sunday work. 628
I Fourth «t^
EXPERIENCED saleslady for bakery. 612
Kearny st.
: RKLIEF waitress for restaurant 3 days a
we-k; good pay. C31 Pay st.
FIFTY ladies to sell Rowland Instantaneous
dye toap; earn $12 to $15 per week; call
any time. 61^2 Hayes st.
VIANTED — A German girl ¦ for general house-
work fcr small family: good wages. 2001
Lyon trt... corner Clay.
WANTED — A finisher on coats; also a try-on
maVcer. 229 Stevenson St., room 5.
VEAT sirl to do general housework; small fam-
ily; upper fiat; wages $15. Apply 1960 Green.
GiRLfor light housework. Apply 1C2S»* Lom-
baxd et.
GIRL wanted for light housework; no cooking;
no washing. 17 Third ft.
A FIRST-CLASS maker wanted In millinery
store tX CU2 McAllister st.
WANTED — An experienced lady barber. 723
Howard et.
CAPABLE demonstrator wanted; state business
experience. Box 2607, Call office.
WANTED — Woman to do housewdrk. Apply at
254 First et.. Oakland, after B p. to, 1
_RCAX^ ESTATE — CITT — TOB SAM
w. j. gunn!
ZS.O CALIFORNIA ST.
'Savings Union Building.*
A few of UM bargains w« off-r:
$17t'O— T'nlnn-st. lot, 27:Kxllft; sunny iid«:
Just aLcut what it is asiwssed for.
$lhrt> — Lak*-st. ; sunny side; 27:6x7!
$,V>i!f>— Lakt-st. NW. corner: fronts* on park:
f'ir a rasMcnca it i.4 the choicest lot III
Ktcnnmad: 70:<:xT2.
$42r.f> — NE. cor. Clement st. and 12th ave.;
the sunny corner: IffhcffO; granJ corner
for store and flats; splendid lot to im-
prove; we have p.-r?mptorv order to sell;
submit offer; choicest husiness corner tn
Richmond.
$4000 — NE. cor. Clement .-<t. and 10th a-»«w;
the sunny corner: 32:«xliV>; will he a
transfer corner for Californla-st. branch;
grocers, examine this corner; make of-
fer; a bargain can be obtained; ehclc^
buslresa lot; It wt!l pay 2 per c*r,l -
month on the investment.
W. J. GUNN, 5T>0 California •*.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 23 PER WEEK
NO INTEREST.
Choicest Jets In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard tabl*: on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from the)
M!ssicn-st. electric cars; secure one as an
investment and by the time it is paid for it
will have doubled In value the war piic«a
have advanced during the past year; buy
now before prices become prohibitive In this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. r. S. Phone Main 5704.
FINE buy; the .VE. cor. Clement and 10th
ave.; 32:6x100; splendid business cor. and
for flats above; a i!rucKl:»t long established,
doing f>i* business, would like to interview
the purchaser of this* lot. with a view of
leasing for 5 or li» years the stor* when
built; the pri^e asked is $1000. but tfle in-
structions are to submit ahy offer: a bar-
gain can be had: it will be a transfer cor.
for branch of California-st. road down 11th
ave. to the Chutes and pork.
W. J. GUNN. 5.:i> California st.
GET in now at bottom prices. Corbln station.
West Berkeley. t>> b« made the terminus West
Berkeley local. Now Is your chance; cheap>
lots: trains every half hour; $3 per month
commutation tickets. 5o each way: only 50
minutes from Snn Francisco: only $5 p»r
month upon each lot. Buy a lot In the Horn*
Park Tract ami double your money: station
on the ground, surrounded by residences and
factories. J. W. LAYMANCE. «32 Market,
r. 10, or aj?ent on ground, 10 to 5 p. m.
FOR sale — Handsome new house, Ju«rt com-
pleted, at 121 Fairmount «t (Guerrero cart:
?> nice rooms and bath; oak mantel. ga»; big
handsome sideboard: tinted walls; porcelain
bath: wash trays: cement walk; lot 25x120;
$S00 cash; balance like rent.
$3800— CORNER. 100x100. with cottage. 7 r.
and b. : st. graded and sewered: No. 29O
Rlchland ave.. $6500. 3 new flats. 5 r. and b.
each; W?st ave. off Mission: pay 15 per cent
on investment. D. Coffin. 2523 Mission. nr.2L
$2^00— Cottage. 5 rooms; on 23th st.
$700 cash — 2 new flats; 13th St.; ready to
plaster. Apply 3297 Mission St.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual •
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
LOVELY home; 8 rooms and bath; 20th st..
near Guerrero; cjieap. Address Box 2603. Call.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. KT.fi Howard st.
REAI. ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale.
DAIRY ranch for sale; cheap; 20 acres In al-
falfa on Irrigation ditch: good Improvements;
10 head of milk cows, 40 tons of hay, chick-
ens, farm machinery, etc.; 1 mile from
creamery; a snap if taken soon. J. O.
BENTZ. Lathrop. Cal.
SALE or exchange for city property; sacrtflc*;
1">3 acres, Napa Co.; «o ai res In cultivation:
fruit, vines and grain: fully equipped and
paying: beautiful place: gentleman's home.
SHADBUKNE. «0S Montgomery St.
GOVERNMENT timber land available for lo-
cation; $.;O(M» value in ' t section Have you
a right? L. D. MATTHEWS. 8G5 Filbert
st.. Uaklanil. Cal.
$9<X!O WILL secure a large tract of land that
in wcrth four times the amount asked: must
be soH before November 1; a chance, tn mak*
a fortune; positively no riak. Box 2702. CalL
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKEHS!
Send postal for catalogues of the best la&4
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market St.
FOREST reserve land scrip bought and sold:
write for prices. H. at HAMILTON. »13
Grand St.. Alameda, Cal.
MIL I. VA1LEY REAL ES^ATX.
$27.">O— COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath; lot 73x160;
beautiful view of San Francisco and bay;
Sunny Heights. 5 minutes to depot.
Fcr rent — Suite of rooms In the new Leal
buiUlinar suitable for dentist, lawyer, dress- •
making: now ready for occupancy.
S. H. KO1.ERTS. Real Estate. Mill Valley, CaL
BERKELEY ADVEKT ? S'NTS
BERKELEY SEAX. ESTATE.
—$3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware st, Berkeley; •
rooms and bath: lot 40x135; ntvr and modern;
sunny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment If desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (lac).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth St..
Oakland.
BERKELEY BOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent — 19-room house in best location la
town; $75 per month; call and inspect. MO-
RAX Si SWAIN, opp. Berkeley station.
FEUITVALE ADVEKrSTS
rRtrrrvALE real estatb.
I HAVE a nice lot. good centra] location; I
am Just starting a modern S-room cottage,
high basement, etc. If you have $130 70a
can own this place. Come and sea ma.
M C. GIBSON (offlc* open all day Sunday).
No. 1320 Frultval* ave.. next to 14th «t.
OAKLAND ADVEBTOMTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAXEAKP REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS OX EASY TERM3.
$375—25x100; San Pablo ave. ; I street work
done. _
jt,-,<» — 40x135; Ashby av«.. near K«y route
station.
$150 — 25x100; Golden Gate. *•
$400 — 25x127; Chestnut and Flfta sta.
$C00— 25x90; Seventh st., near Llndea.
$1250— 5-room cottage, near Key routa.
M. L. WURTS. opp. Postofflc*.
FOR sale on beautiful Peralta Belghta. East
Oakland — Choice lot. 70x130 feet; sunny,
southern exposure: 1 block from East Oak-
land Key route; sidewalk and all street work
complete: 5 minutes' walk to boulevard and
lake: a bargain if taken this month. B.
H. WELCH & CO.. Fifth ave. and Eight-
eenth it.. Oakland. 'V " : ¦'.'.
FOR sale— 10 acrea of land In the suburbs of
Oakland; well located to subdivide and sell
lots: electric cars to the property; would ex-
change for Improved property In San Fran-
cisco or Oakland. E. BISHOP, 4*6 Tenth
st., Oakland.
$3750 — NEW house; S rooms and large base-
ment: Fairmount ave.. near LJnda Vista;
very desirable; easy tejma. E. P. FUNT.
owner. 072 Broadway.
FOR rale — Two new up-to-date bungalow 3-
room houses; large lot with barn: very
cheap. Inquire on premises. 688 Thirtieth
St.. on 1065 Broadway. Oakland. •
OAKLAND rURHISHED HOUSES.
FOR sale — New furniture in a fine corner flat
fully equipped for housekeeping; only la use
short time: flat rents cheap: sun all day
long: has four bay windows: private en-
trance; bath, gas range-, gas rrata, coal
irate; come now; snap; must sell within ?
days. 'Address 1353 Broadway, Oakland,
Cal. tC<& .
$65— ONE ofthe most elegantly furnished
homes in Oakland: 8 rooms; 2 story; best
part of city: parties go!n? East. FAY U
SON. 9€S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAJTP ROOMS.
NEWl.Y furnished rooms, bath Included; cen-
tra! location: gentlemen preferred. 212
Twelfth ft.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In fnrni-
• ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th st.,cor.itore.Oakland
Continued on Pace Fourteen.Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NiiWS
FINGERS CUT OFF BY PLANER.— While
Walter Glung of 60 Webster street vu work
ing in a mill at 653 Brannan street yesterday
two of his fingers were cut off by a planer.
He was treated at the Central Emergency
Hospital.
Svend and Mary J. Larsen to Louis C Buck,
lot on N line of Union street. 176:0% W ot
Polk. W 25 by N 137:6: $10.
George A. Newhall to Joel K. Hecht. lot
on N line of Post street. 164:9 W of Van Ness
avenue. W 27:6 by N 120; $10.
W. Mayo or William Mayo Newhall and
Elizabeth S. Newhall to same, lot on N line
of Post street. 10i>:8 W of Van Ness avenue,
W 55 by N 120; $10. .'««"'«. -
Same to same, lot commencing 120 N of
Post street and 100:9 W of Van Nesa avenue.
W 55 by N 17:6; $10.
White Investment Company to same, lot on
N line of Post street, 164:9 W of Van Ness
avenue. W 82:0 by N 120; $10.
Same to same, lot commencing 120 N of
Post street and 164:9 W of Van Ness avenue.
W S2:6 by N 17:6, quitclaim deed: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Frank
Toso lot on N line of Waller street. 1S1:3
E of Steiner. E 25 by N 120; $ .
Mary F. Davidson to Lilian V. Smith (wife
of Edwin B.), lot on NE corner of Lloyd and
Devlsadero streets. N 32:6 by E 116:3; $10.
Oscar C. and Agnes E. Cappelmann to Alex
ander Bond, lot on N line of Sacramento
street. 34:11 E of Presidio. E 40 by N 100; $10.
Douglass W. and Ellen S. Montgomery to
Eiizabeth B. Jones, lot on S line of Frederick
street 200:7% W of Cole, W 25 by S 137:6:
$10.
Mary Anne McMahon to Thomas and Bridget
Craig, lot on E line of Treat avenue, 137:2%
N of Fourteenth street, N 28:79s. E 122:6, S
25:2%. W 122:(i; $10.
Thomas and Bridget Craig to Emma L.
Hunt, same: $10.
Edward F.. Mary A., Lawrence and Cath
erine Felvey to Catherine Felvey. lot on W
line of Valencia street. 282:6 N of Sixteenth.
N 30 by W 00; also lot on W line of Bryant
street. 15G N of Twenty- fifth, N 78' by W
100; $10.
Lena Hall (Erlandson) to Herman F. Suhr
Jr. lot on E line of Lapldge street, 350 N
of Nineteenth. N 25 by E 80; $10.
Jane Mayow to Brunn and Ona E. Robert*,
lot on S line of Nineteenth street, 135 E of
Dolores E 25 by S 114:-$10.
Mary E. and John H. von Schroeder to J.
C Berendsen lot on W line of Howard street,
40 N of Twenty-third N 27:6 by W 122:6; $10.
Alexander and Nellie Bond to Oscar C. Cap
pelmann. lot on' S line of Jackson . street, 45
W of Davis, W 20 by S 120. and lands ad
jacent; $10.
Thomas D_ and Rose A. Riordan and John
J. and Emma M. Quinn to William W. Wood,
lot on E line of Spofford street. 36:8 S of
Washington. S 30:8 by E So; $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters to August
Peterson lot on E line of Chatham place, 90
N of Bush street, N 23:0 by E 60; $10.
Hiram L. and Sarah E. Coye to Marie II.
C. M. Haub, lot on N line of Valparaiso
street 01:3 W of Mason, W 23:3 by N 60: $10.
Nat and Pauline Raphael to Hattie G. Mann,
lot on SW line of Seventh street. 105 NW of
Folsom. NW 25 by SW 85; $10.
Clarence M. Mann to same, same; gift.
Bridget Ip*en and Catherine Hanlon to John
Galway, lot on SE line of Brannan street, 275
SW of Sixth. SW 25 by SE 100; $5.
Philip and Mary F. Rellly to Slddle O'Con
nor, lot on S line of California street. 82:6
W of Second avenue. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Mary C. and George M. Saul and Frank O.
and Julia A. Hale, lot on E line of Third
avenue. 175 N of Point Lobos avenue. N 25
by E 120; $10.
Harriet V. Brownell to David Atkinson, lot
on E line of Twentieth avenue, 200 N of L
street. N 50 by E 100; $10.
John' Pearson to Nels Olnen. lot on SE line
of Prospect avenue, 525 SW of Coso avenue,
SW 25 by SE 70. lot 2fi7. Gift Map 3; $10.
J. W. and Ida C. Jacobson to William For
rest, lot 5. block 7. subdivision 1 Castro
street Addition: $10.
John F. Sims to Solomon Getz. lot on NW
line of Athens street, 150 NE of China avenue
NE 150 by NW 100, block 66. Excelsior Homel
etead; $10. ?
Leopoldo and Mary Bocci' to Otto. and An
tolne Husler. lot on ¦ SW corner of Thirtieth
and Noe streets, W 40 by S 125: $10
Nathaniel Gray et al. to Nancy Tlngley lot
in ctmetery; $72.38ggH
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 14.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 14 — Schr Wm R«n
ton, from Redondo.
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 14 — Stmr Jefferson,
from Skagway; stmr Farallcn. from Skagway.
Sailed Oct 14— Stmr City of SeatUe. for
Skagway.
SAILED.
Friday. Oct. 14.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Amesport.
Stmr Redondo. Krogr. Astoria and Portland,
ARRIVED.
Friday. Oct. 14.
Stmr Mas*!e, Eagles, A Hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Iaqua, Jorgensen. 34 hours from Saa
Pedro.
Schr Advance, Ogldneasen, 8 days from Co
quille River.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14. — Oiseau,
which beat Tradition Wednesday in
the Champagne stakes, was sold to
James Brady for the price of $25,000
to-day at Morris Park.
Big Price for Oiseau.
STANFORD ipCIVERSITY. Oct. 14.
The Stanford freshmen concluded their
practice this afternoon with a final
drill in signals and offensive forma
tions under the direction of Head
Coach Lanagan. Their practice was
brief and not arduous, in anticipation
of, the severe trial of strength which
they will be called upon to make to
morrow afternoon. After the game a
large party of students will attend the
performance of "The Tenderfoot" at
the California Theater.
Stanford's Final Practice.
600 MacNamara . 36| 500 Ton Midway.. 45
600 MacNamara . 85 100 Ton Midway. . 44
100 Mont Ton ...1 0S| 500 Ton N Star... 19
Afternoon Session.
100 MacNamara . 34[ 200 Ton Exten ..1 80
2000 Rescue 11| 000 Ton Midway.. 44
500 Ton Belmont.. 64| 100 Ton of Nev. 8 37%
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Oct. 14—3 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Adams — 10| Little Ton ..25 —
Black Ants.. — lOi Lucky Tom... — 10
Black Butte.. 19 — MacNamara ..33 35
Blue Bull ZI. 22 — Miz Exten ..05 —
Booth M Co. 10 — Mont Ton ...1 90 1 05
Colehan — 05 N Y Ton — 04
Columbia 25 —[Paymaster ... 03 —
Esperanza ... 01 02i Pine Grove ..11 —
Gold Anchor. 20 — IQuincy 11 —
Goldfield B Bl 09 — I Ray Exten ... — 09
Goldfield B&B — 16| Ray & O'Brien — 10
Goldfield Dmd — 20 ; Ray Ton — 14
Goldfleld Min 65 70 Red Top 15 16
Goidfleld Mhk 19 — Rescue 10 11
Goldfleld SPk. — 18 Sandstorm ... 15 —
Goldfleld Ton. 11 — Ton Belmont.. 63 65
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton Exten ..1 70 —
Han M M&S. — 101 Ton & Gt W. — 04
Han Mut Co. 10 — I Ton Gold Mt. 17 —
Hazel Kirk .. — 121 Ton Midway.. 42 —
Jim Butler .. 45 60 Ton of Nev. 8 37% 8 50
Jumbo «7 f9! Ton N Star. .. 18 —
Jumbo Ex .. IS 20!
HOT TAKES MOTHER TO HOSPITAL.—
Mary Wander of 944 Harrison street was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital yesterday
by her 10-year-old son, Frank. The woman
was suffering from delirium tremens.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 14. — Miss
Georgiana Bishop of the Brooklawn
Country Club, Bridgeport, Conn., and
Mrs. E. S. Sanford of the Essex Coun
try Club, Orange, N. J., will meet to
morrow on the links of the Merlon
Cricket Club at Haverford to decide
the women's golf championship of the
United States.
In to-day's play Mrs. Sanford beat
Miss Pauline Mackay and Miss Bishop
beat Miss K. C. Harley.
Two Golfers in Championship.
4- qr res... 106% 106% 1 3s qr coup...l04%10o%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — I Oak T Co 6a.l20%121tf
Asso Oil 6s. 80 — I Do 5s H2 —
Bay CPC 6s. — 102 | Do con 5s. 102 —
Cal C G fis.102% — Oceanic S S«. — —
Cal G & E K Om Cable tSs.120 —
m & ct 0s. S1V4 — pac G Im 4s. — 97
Cal-st C 6s.ll2}_ — p E Ry 5s..l04%105
C C Wat 5s. 98 — P & C H 6S.1O4 —
EdL & P 68.123 — p & O R 6s.ll4#115
I F & C H Us. — — Powell-st 0s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 60 — Sac EG&R5S.100 101
H C&S 5Mi8.105 — SF & SJV5s.ll7% —
Do 5s 08% — Sierra R 6s.. — —
Hon R T Ca.107% — S P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. — 104 (1000) 10S« —
L A Ry 58.116 — (1010) 109^110^
L A L Co 6s — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — — (1905)Sr A. 10014101%
Do gtd 5s.l00 — (1905)Sr B.100V6 —
LAP lem 58.102 — (1006) 103^1041,4
Mkt-st C 6s.ll5 — UU12) li:i% —
Do lem 5s.ll5 — SPC 1 eg 8s.ll7^ —
MV& MtT5s.lO5 — Do stampd.110 —
NRR of Ctis.lOU 106H S P B R 6s.l32 —
Do 5s 117 — S V Wat 6s.lO4Vil05
N P C R os.106 — Do 4a 2dm.l00% —
N C Ry 5b.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 99& —
NCPC5!. - oa Do if mtK4s 99 100
N S R R 5s. — 102% Stkn GAECs. 93 —
O G L&H 5s. — 110H U G & E 5s.lO2H —
O W gtd 5s. — loo |
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 36 I Port Costa ...— —
Marln Co... — CO | S V Wat Co. 39% S0%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP.— 4 I S F G & E. 61% 62
Mutual EL.— 12 I Stkn G & E. — 5&
Pac L Co... 50H 60U I U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Xtl Bk.. - 130 | L P & A. . ..150 —
Anirlo-Cal .. 84 — MerTru.it.... — 235
Bank of Cal. 424 425 | Merch Ex.... — 55
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 | S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Oer S & L.2330 — Sav & L So.. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Pec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.615 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197 — I Presidio — 43
Geary — 40 |
POWDER.
Giant 63 64 | Vlgorlt — 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 67 H — I Makaweli C. 28*4 28«i
Honokaa S C 15*4 15%' Onomea S C. 29\i 30
Hutch S P C 10 10Vi Paauhau S C. 15% 15H
Kllauea S C. 3«* — |
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. 11O^121V4| Oceanic S Co. 3 —
Cal F C A. O9»41OO I Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. 81V4 — I Pac C Borx.156 157*4
MV& MtTm. — 105 i Pac S Tel Co.115%117
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
55 Alaska Packers' Association... 120 00
25 Bank of California 424 CO
10 Paauhau S P Co 15 37^
75 Spring Valley Water Co 39 28
60 S F Gas & Electric 61 75
100 S F Gas & Electric 61 60
25 S F Gas & Electric 61 37%
150 S F Gas & Electric 61 25
55 S F Gas & Electric 61 12%
175 S F Gas & Electric 01 00
$2,000 Omnibus Cable 6 per cent 120 50
Street—
$15,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent.. ..116 00
¦ Afternoon Session.
Board — •
60 Hutchinson S P Co 10 00
50 Makawell 28 50
f>0 Makaweli 28 6°%
25 Pacific States Tel & Tel CO..11C 00'
110 S F Gas & Electric 61-00
100 S F Gas & Electric 61 25
50 S F Gas & Electric «1 37%
150 S F Gas & Electric 61 50
71 Spring Valley Water Co 30 25
$1,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 5s. 81 25
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Aek
Bay CPC 6s. — 102%| SF & NP 5s.ll2 —
B L Wat 68.11.1 115%l S P C R 4g. 08 102%
Cal NW Ss.. 110 — S P Co 4%s.l01til02
M C Wat 5S.100 — sun Tel 6™.. 113 — '
Ris-IWksSs— 103 Suttr-st R5s.lO4 —
SF Drdk 58.112 — UR of SF 4s. S3% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 27% Lon& SF Bk — 60
Amer Bis Co — 00 Mat Nav Co. CO —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Nev Nat Bk.195 —
Cal G&ECor. 4t$% 50 N S R R Co. 9% —
C Jockey Cl. — 112% N Cal P Co. 8*4 9%
Cal Powder.130 145 Oak Bk Sav 12O
Cal Ship Co. — 21 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T. — 155 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 Orpheum Co. — 15%
Chutes Co .. 6% 6% PacC Caa Co.125 —
City & C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6% p a raf Paint.. 39 —
East Dynm.. — 375 S F Drydock — 65
DptPwd pfd — R5 SF&SJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com .. 30 37% S J Wat Co.103% —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO & MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 15c — Swiss-A Bk.115 —
Frnch-A Bk.lOS — Truck Elect.. 11% —
Gas Con A.. 16% 20 UR InC pfd 56% —
Hono P Co.. — 26 Do com ... 12%
Do pool . . — 27
SALES.
Morning Scesion.
Street —
$5,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. XI 62%
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent." 83 75
California Oil and Stock Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Cert 22
California Standard "is
Cnrlbmi 4 60 4 7l
Claismont 77% SO
Four 58 53
Homo 95 1 no
Independence 26 28
Junction ....• 13 15
Kern, old 4 60 4 75
Monte Cristo •. . 6.1 (55
Oil City Petroleum. 55 58
.Thirty- three 8 25
Twenty-eight 0 37% 10 00
Miscellaneous — •
Fischer's Theater. 12 30
Truckee Electric 12 00
SALES.
Morning Session. )
1000 Independence ' 27
1000 Home Oil 100
Afternoon Session.
75 Caribou * 4 50
Mining: Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
j Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
200 Alpha 15) 800 Mexican ....1.1 10
100 Alta 061 600 Ophlr 2 23
700 Andes 22|- 100 Ophir 2 30
300 Best & Belch.l 1.1! 100 Overman 16
300 Caledonia 47 400 Overman ..... 15
100 Challenge ... 21 1000 Potosl .... 14
400 Con Cal & V.I 50 200 Scorpion 05
500 Con Imperial. 02 200 Seg Belcher... 11
100 Exchequer ... 45 400 Sierra Nev.... 33
300 Exchequer ... 43 600 Union Con.... 42
300 Gould & Cur. . 21 200 Yellow Jacket. 20
600 Hale & Norc. 62
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
100 Mont Ton ...195| 700 Ton Midway.. 45
500 MacNamara . 36| 300 Ton Ohio .... 30
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
- Morning ; Session. -
600 Blue Bull M. ' 25 100 Mont Ton. . .1 92%
600 GoldHeld Dmd 20 100 Rescue .T..... 11
600 Jumbo ...... 70 200 Ton Belmont.. 63
A set of resolutions from the Ala
meda Boat Club denouncing the as
sociation was read. The Alameda
men claim they have been treated
badly by the association and state
their grievances in a lengthy article.
The club, however, has not resigned
from the association. President
Hinchman says it has not yet paid its
dues arid therefore has no power to
resign.
The regular meeting of the Pacific
Amateur Association was held last
night in Judge Fritz's court, Hall of
Justice. Several commissioners and
committees were appointed by Presi
dent W. B. Hinchman. The new com
missioners are: Out of door sports,
Herbert Hauser and George James;
rowing, A. P. Rothkopf ; committees —
finance, T. I. Fitzpatrick, James G.
Boobar. R. X. Ryan Jr.; records,
George James, O. J. Snedigar, E. J.
Lynch; membership, J. D. Robertson,
David Brown, E. J. Lynch; legislation,
R. X. Ryan Jr., A. P. Rothkopf. J. D.
Robertson.
Committees and Commissioners Are
Appointed and Case of Alameda
Boat Club Is Discussed.
MEX WHO COXTROIi AMATEUR
ATHLETES HOLD A SESSION
NEW YORK. Oct. 14. — The entire
racing stable of W. C. Whitney, which
has been racing this year under the
name and in the colors of H. B. Dur
yea, was sold to-day at Morris Park.
The two stars of the sale were Artful,
winner of the Futurity, and Tanya,
winner of $58,000. Both were bought
by Harry P. Whitney, who paid $10,
000 for Artful and $7000 for Tanya.
Heart's Desire, b. f., by Hamburg-
Admiration, was sold to Mrs. Harry
P. Whitney for $4000. Sidney Paget
bought Mlneola (3), by Meddler-
Hurly Burly, for $5600. Sandria,
which ran second to Tradition in the
Great Eastern handicap,' went to A.
J. Joyner for $7000. H. B. Duryea
paid $5000 for Chieftain. Princess
Rupert went to H. P. Whitney for
$4000, and J. E. Weldner paid $8500
for Prince Hamburg.
Twenty-six head sold for a total of
$83,500.
Son of Late Racing Magnate Secures
Artful and Tanya, the Stars
of the Sale.
Jerry O'Shea, lessee of the park.
charged Coleman with being the crook
edest man on the field and of being
a defaulter, but Coleman said his de
falcation had been made good. Coleman
created much laughter when he ex
plained how the "doping" was done,
and' that .dog owners were In the habit
of giving each other the double-cross,
having preparations of^their own to
"dope" the dogs.
Chairman Pierce, of the Greyhound
Owners' Protective Association, said
that Coleman had always denied using
"dope" in several investigations.
"If he is telling the truth now," said
Pierce, "we are glad to get at It."
Dominick Shannon, who still retains
a third interest in the park, said he re
gretted that conditions were bad at
the park, owing to children and women
being allowed to gamble and to the
use of "dope." He gave some inside
history on that point.
"The slow dog," said Shannon, "is
given a pill of glycerin, strychnine and
hot ginger, while the fast dog was
given a capsule of laudanum, and to
make assurance doubly sure a little
aconite was administered." Shannon
was still on the stand when an adjourn
ment was taken until next Friday at
3:30 p. m. *
Special Police Officer W. T. Hooper, (
of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, said he had never
seen anything wrong with the animal
part of the park, but had seen women
drinking in the restaurant, but not at
the bar. He modified his statement on
being questioned by Dominlck Shan
non, who was formerly manager of the
coursing park, by saying that large
boys had carried wagers to the betting
ring. Hooper admitted that dogs could
be "doped" without his knowledge, and
that dogs had been compelled to race
against the protest of their owners.
Thomas Coleman, who was ruled off
at Ingleside Park, testified that he had
given a dog trainer named Zamblage
some "dope" In liquid form, which he
had manufactured himself, and it was
used in the Young Fearless-Rector
race.
Patrolman J. F. McEntee said he had
never seen women and children in the
betting ring and good order was main
tained at the park at all times. He
never had seen any disturbance there,
nor made an arrest, nor seen drinks
carried to women. Patrolman E. J.
Winters gave the patrons of the park
a good reputation for sobriety, saying
that during sixteen months of his serv
ice he had only seen one women intoxi
cated, and she came from town.
The Supervisors" joint Committee on
Judiciary ami Police met yesterday to
take testimony on the conduct of cours
ing at Ingleside Park. This was done
in order that action may be taken on
the proposed ordinance to repeal the
existing law legalizing: for a limited
period gambling on coursing matches.
Supervisor Comte had introduced the
ordinance on allegations made that the
dogs are "doped" and that women and
children are permitted to gamble and
\o drink on the grounds.
Witnesses Before a Supervisors' Com
mittee Allege That the Hounds
Are Dnijcjsed.
WHITNEY HORSES ARE SOLD
TO CLOSE OUT THE ESTATE
"DOPING" OF COURSING
DOGS AT IXGL.ES1DE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1904
14
UATTO SEAT. ESTATE^
LOMITA PARK- On !in* of San Mateo elec-
tric cars; 45 minutes from 5th ami Market
*ts. ; outside ihf- fog belt and just beyond
*_ex* the S. P. Co.'s l>ay flinre "cutofT"
will join the main line; verond suMivUlcn
tiow ix'lng offered: 50-foot lots Jrom $400 Kp:
• fm;s, first two KulxIlviFlons only Sl« down
Rnd $li> a month: *<?\v«>r ami water pip* 1^ In
front of every lot: pure arJeMan well water:
half th<* lots in subdivision No. 1 wore yold
in t»o week)=; an exceptional opportunity
lo i^rure a lot in this <Jesira!>le Fectlon on
e«fv terms: take th<> electric cars and pet
rffat LOMITA FAUK: maps srnt en appli-
cation.
SELBY. ItOIXJTIRS & CO..
Tel. Main K7X IK. ralltornla st.
BOSS VALLEY SEAL ESTATE.
NEW nbdl-islctl in Ross Valley; 5 minutes
from R< ?s Ktatiou; only '_•*• Wautiful lots on
Lapurita? road in the h*-art <>' the valley.
f=urroundod by «>U»rant rfsidfiK-*"*: full view t
cf th<> mountains; lots $750 *>ach: prices will ,
b.- double next iTrinr for land in this
l-ldnlty: now is the time to set in an.l *ee
whnt the property If lik» in i-air.y w«>Hth*r.
CROKER A CO., s-'e aKPnt«. San An^Imo
nation. Office open Sundayf. with ric. rain
»-r ghin».
CEICIEg B-gCHES.
IDKAL CHICKKN RANCH.
Orchard View Trart. at San Leandro.
PuMlvidlnsr fine orchard on centle >lope: »!ze
to euit; easy terms; plenty water; fine fruit:
call for details; ~o and see Sunday. Owner.
713 Mill? building.
SEAL ESTATE ggEjIFgg^^Pi^r
FOR EXCHANGE.
In Berkeley: within walking distance of tho
university; a modern S-room house, with
Etabl*. garden, etc.; thoroughly up to date:
value $Sooo: mortgage $S90O: will exchange
equity for sorr.ethiiii? clear; no agents. Answer
box 192. Berkeley postoffice.
ROOMS TOE HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 421 — Two or 0 sunny rooms; nicely
iurnished: for housekeeping.
EiGHTEEXTH, 34C2. new Valencia— 2 sunny
furnisht-d rooms; housekeeping; bath.
ELEVENTH ave. south.. 1535 — 3 rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; rent $10 per month.
KLGIN Durk. 64— Double parlors; regular
kitchen: tunny: modem; adulu.
ELLIP. 564— Newly furnished sunny frcnt par-
lor, with new piano.
ELLIS. S."C — 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms to let; yard.
FOURTH. 223 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
elngle.
KOt'RTEENTH. 706—3 sunny, furnished con-
necting housekeeping rooms; very desirable.
GEARY. 402— Nicely furnished rooms; light
housekeeping.
GEARY. l__i — Completely furnished room for
housekeeping; sunny bay window; bath; ma-
rine view; also 3-rvom cottage; reasonable.
GOLDEN GAT_ are.. C70— Nicely furnished
front alcove connecting kitchen, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C31— Nice aunny single
room for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE. 631 — Single sunny furnished
room; reasonable; good location.
HALF ct new elegrantly furntshed flat; -epa-
rate batnroom; every convenience; overlook-
ing Panhandle: suitable for married couple.
Box 2C55. Call office.
HOWARD, 737>4. Manila— Nice furnished rooms
for housekeeping; central and reasonable.
JESSIE. 323 — Large sunny front parlor, fur-
nished housekeeping; sink, gas; ?3 75 week.
KEARNY. 104 — Sunny front suite, $11; unfur-
nished; adults; references.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three- I
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc. j
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine — !
Sunny furnished 3-room suite?; steam heat- I
f-i. electric lighted: free baths; rates reas.
MASON. M» — Furni«hc-d housekeeping rooms
and fcincle rooms.
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness— Sunny j
furn. _ unfurn. 2 and 3 room suites; single.
SJINNA. 2&1. corner Fourth — Furnished sunny
housekeeping; also front and single; cheap.
MINNA. "2S — 2 housekeeping rooms; use oi
parlor: reasonable; and others.
MINNA. 5*6 — Furnished rooms; complete for 1
housekeeping. ;
OAK. 117— Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
t\2; gag range; hot bath; adults.
I'OST. :«51 — Large sunny room to let- newly
furnished; light housekeeping.
KAl'SCH. S3. necr Folsom — One large room i
for light housekeeping; reasonable. !
¦ 1 I
FCC }. 300. NE. cor Page-Newly furnished.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— Parlor floor. 5 elegantly
f-rnii-h«-d sur.ny housekeeping rooms; piano.
SUNNY hoviKckeeping rooms; also room for two
gentlemen. Apply at 253 Sixth st. (store).
VAN NESS ave.. 232— Nicely furnished 2 and 3
room suites; gas range; $16 to 120; adults.
WEBSTER. 122S*-3 or 4 nicely furnlbhed
rooms; complete for housekeeping; phone and
bath. :
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch ofgee. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
APARTMEtTT HOUSES.
ET. LOCIS. 1S75 Jackson— Marine view; 8.4.1
_ rooms: furn. or unfur.; refs. Tel. East 1350.
A^ RU -^"^K~«° u^ri<8 Slxth^st^RoonTi
r^V P* r nlKht. *1 25 to *5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open ail eight.
AT "The Almonte," g73 Market et. (or No 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c, $1. Jl «) nlrhf
»1 50 to >10 week; house op^n all night
AUSTIN ave.. 112. off Polk St.— Thr^e sunny
housekeeping rooms for rent.
UELMOND House, over Owl drug store, 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electrio
Hcht«; running water in every room; 200
_rooms; 25c to 60c per night; $1 25 to >3 week.
CALIFORNIA. 1247-Large well furnished
room for gentleman; reasonable; private.
DEVIFADERO. 1311— Front furnished room-
suitable fcr one or two gentlemen; gas; bath!
s^ssr furn ' ghed nomM -
E tion T ;- u^f£cn f e UmUhgd ""^ S'** 1^'-
ELLIS. CMS— Front alcove room; bay windows-
_E?lt_?d_ e T? l « Ild cleaned : •*<» furnished!
aifco 111a.ee room ; see them.
GRA^CD Southern 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; »1 SO to $6 wlc.; reading-room!
GRANT ave. 7-Nlcely furnished sunny front
suite, also single rooms; $2 to $7 week.
HAYES, 136. corner Van Ness ave — Laixe
sunny roomg. suitable for gentlemen ; juT.
HOWARD. 715— Large sunny rooms at low
rate*; 25c to |1 day and $1 25 to $5 weell
JONES. 1SC1— Large furnished or unfurnished
rooms in comfortable house; minny e"^c* ure .
KEARNY. 305. cor. Bush— Nicely furnished
rooms. douDle and elngle and bath, at rea
•enable prices. rea "
LARKIN. 715— Nice annny furnished rooms.
——^__ _________________
LAKKIN. 1042— Single room; $7.
LARK IN. 1503— Two sunny furnished rooms
in top fiat.
MARKET! 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny
rooms; hot, cold water, elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st —400
single and family rooms S5c to $1 5O per day
f2 to *S per week; the only new _nd modern
hotel and rooming-house In S*n Francisco
that haa office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
\ator service day and night to its guests.
MISSION. 2478— Eurny front ajttp; regular
kitchen; back porch; washtubsjniione; warm
belt. _V
NICELY furnished funny front room to let
Apply 1""2 Howard et.
O'FARRELU »6— 2 nicely furnished room,
on quiet block near business center; reason-
able. ¦
PACIFIC. 1520— Small room, nicely furnished,
for lady; rent reasonable.
ROTAL HOUSE.I28 Elll*— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
u> *S: month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROOMS to!«t. Inquire at 637 Golden Gate _v«.
_S9_8-H_fl_H_E--
tj*^v " Train* !«•?« and »r<t Ann
|^\2i SAN FRANCISCO.
V~/(ll f»OM OCTOBM i IW4.
Fmst Depot
J^ (Toot of Msriet Siren >
r.»ATn - MAIN~LINE. = ~^7T
700a V»c»Tllle. Wllim Kuinaey TJoi
7 00a Benlda, Elrnlra and Sncramento . 7 %* m
7.30A Vallejo. X«p*. Caliatoga. Santa
Koaa. Msrttnez. San Ramon s ;-,
7 30* Nile*. Tracy. Lstnrop. Stockron.... 7.23*
8 00A Shasta Expreaa— (Via DaTla).
WUJtama. Willows. tFruto. I'.ed
BluS. Portland. Tucnm*. Seattle 7 55,
8 COA DaTta.Woo<ll»nd. Kntclus Landing.
M*ry«v!I>. OroTllle 7-53*
8 30a Port Cost*. Martlnex. Antlorh.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. Xew-
maa. Loa Baaos, Mendota.
Arraona. Ilanford. VI aal la.
•'._, rorterrille v -. 4.20»
• 30a port Coata. Modeato. Merced.
Freano. Goanen Junction. Haa-
ford, Vlsslla. Dakeradeld 453*
8 30a Nllea. S«n Joae. Uvermore. Stock-
ton, (+Mllton), lone, Sacramento,
MaryaYtlle. Chlco. Rnd Bluff — 4 2t}»
8 30a Oakilale. Chlneae. Jamestown. 80-
nora. Tuolumne and AnRela 4 23»
0 00* Atlantic Rxpreaa— OtcUen mil Eaac. & .20*
••30a Richmond. Martinez snd TTay
Btatlona S 53»
1000A Tbe OTfrlnnl Limited — Oftdea.
Omana. Chicago. Denver. Kansas
City. St. Louis 8 20s
1000a Vallejo U23»
10.00a Loa Aneelea Paaaenser — Port
Coata. Martinez, Byron. Tracy,
Lalhrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Freano. Goahen Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lemoore. Visa lla.
Bskersfleld. Loa Amre'.ea 7 2?*
12.00m Haywsrd. Nlles and Way Sutlont. 32C*
11-COp Sacramento River Steamera M 1.C»
$ZQt> Benlda, TTintera. Sacramentoi,
Woodland. Knlghta Landing.
MaryavlUe. OroTllle and way
statlona 10.53*
5-30P B*Tward.Ntlea and Way Statlona.. 760*
4 OCp Msrtines.San Kamon.ValleJo.Napa,
Callatofra. Santa Roaa 9 204
4 OOP Nile*. Tracy. Stockton. Lod! 10 20*
4-30P Hayward, Nllea. lrTlngtoa, Baa) tS.SO*.
¦--• Joa». LITermore » 11 1.53a
8-GOpThs Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Banos. Mendoia. Frasno, Tnlara,
Bakerafleld. Los Angalea 8-50*
To 3up nayward, Nllea and ban Joaa 7 20*
6 OOp Hayward. Nllea and San Joao 9.->0a
• COP Eastern Express — Omana, Chteago.
Denver. Kansaa City. St. Lou!*,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento^
Co) fax, Keno. Sparks, Tonopsh,
Keeier. Oirden 12-50*
•.OOp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... » 7 Kn _
7-OCp Vallejo. Sonday only f '•»«*
7X0P Klchmond. San Pablo. Pots Coata,
Marlines and Way Stattona 1120a
BCSpPort Coata, Martinez, Byron.
Tracy. LatUrop. Moleito.
Merced, Berenda. Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Coata 12.20*
8-05P Tosemlte Valley, via Berenda and
Wawona (Monday, Wedaesday
and Friday) ', 8.50a
805p Uartlnez. Tracy. Stockton 1020a
C06p OreRon tk California Kxpresa — Sac-
ramento. Marysvllle, Redding.
Portland. Puget Sonnd and Eaat. 8S0a
I.IOp Bay ward, Nllea and Sao Joae (San-
dayonly) 11.50a
COAST LI N E (.larrow tang*).
j (Foot of Market Street.)
S.16A Newark. CenterTllIe. Sao Joae,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Cms and Way Statlona 5 55*
12-15P Newark. CenterTllIe. San Joae.
New Almaden.Loa Gatoa.Feiton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Prlnctpai Way Stations tlO 55*
4.18» Newark. Saa Joae. Los Gatoa...] : ]fg5*
C9.30P Hunters' Train (Saturday only)—
rau Juae and Way Statlona i7.25a>
COAST LINE (BroaJ l.aiiK*,. ~
PT (l'nird anil 'fowniicDU Street*.)
8.10a Pan Joae and Way Statlona B~3n»
700a San Jo«e and Wny »tationa 5 43p
8 00a New Almaden (Tuei., Frld.. only). 4. 10*
8-OOAThe Coaster— San Joae. Salinas.
San Ardo, Paao Roblea, Banta
Marparita. Saa Luis Oblapo,
Gaa<la!upe. (>»v!»ta. Santa Bar-
bara. San BuenaTentura. Mon-
talvo. Oznard, B urban it. L01
Angeles 10-30*
800a Gilroy. HnllUter. CaatroTiHe, DrI
Monte, PaclUc GroTe, Surf, Lora-
o poc 10.30>
8.00a Ban Joae. Trea Ptnoa.Wataonvliie,
Capltota. Santa Cruz, Pacific
(•rove. Salinas. San I.Qla Ublapo
and Hrln.-lp*: Wiv Statlona. ... 4-10*
10.30* San Juae and Way Stations 1 20e»
11 iO* San Joao and Way Stations 7 ',Q>
2 15p ban Jo»e and Way Statlona 8 35*
1 OOP Del Monte Kxpreia— Santa Clara.
San Juae, Watson t 1 1 1 c, Santa
Cruz. Del Mon:e. Monterey,
Pacific Grove 12- 15»
13-OOp Los Gsioa, Wrlpnt. Boalder CrceR.
Santa Cruz, via Santa- Clara and
Narrow Gaujre *10 45a
I J0p V.ilrneia St.. South Sao Franelaco.
liurilno-amr. Saa Jose. Ollroy.
Holllater. Tres Plnoa jo 45^
4-30p Pan Jo»e and Way Stations '. +8 B0a
t6-00P Santa Clara. San Juae. Loa Gatoa. B " w ~
and principal Way Statluoa (ex-
cept Sunday) 19.00a
! |5-30p ¦anJoaeandPrtac!palWayStat!ona 59.40*
b 45p i»JEr..-i Lxprraa.— Kedwood. San
J..»e,G!lroy.Sallnas,paaoKobie«.
San Luta Oblapo. Santa Barbara.
Lo» AiiKPlea. Oenitnir. VI P»«<>.
St.Loaiit. XewOrleana, N'ewTork Bin*
8.45? Pajaro. Watsonvllle. Cap! tola.
t-anta Cruz. Caatrovllle. Del
Monte, Pacifle Grove 10 30p
16-ISp EauMaieo.Bereaford.Bflmont.Saa
Carlos. Ketfwuod, Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto t8 49a
8 30pSan Joae and Way Scuiona e 33a
8-OOpPalo Alto and Way Statlona in i~i
11 .30p South Sut7r*ncUco, M '.librae. Bur-
UngarfM. San Mateo, Belmont
tr.u Cartvja, Redwood. Fatr Oaka.
Jlenlo Park, and Palo Alto. t91Sai
«1130PMayfle!d. Mountain View. Sunny" >o '* < "
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
Ban Joao 13.43,,
A for Morning. P for AflernooaJ
1 Enuda.T excepted. t Sunday only
• Saturday oirty. 6 Monday oalr.
JSiopa at all atatlona oa Band»y.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tllraro- Ferrr — Toot ot Market Str««t.
SAN F2ANCISCO TO SAW EATAIL.
WEEK DATS — 7:3U. »;OO. H:uO «, m.: 12:43.
8:30. 5:10. 6:3O p. m. Thursdays — Extra trl»
at 11:30 s. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 0:30, 11:00 a. n.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EATAEL TO SAW PBA2TCXSCO.
UAYsi— <>:03. 1:35. 7:00t »:2O. 11:14
a. m.; 12:50, 8:40. 8:00. 3:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trlj> at 2:00 and 8:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:0O. 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40. S:4«L
4:06. 3:03. «:25 p. m.
Leave 1 In Effect I Arrtvt
San Francisco. lOct. 2. 1904.] San gtaacUco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ) Destination. | days. | Days.
T:30ani S:00am 9:10am 8:40am
B:30am tp"?'» 10:40am 10:20am
8:30pm 3:30pm 0 :00pm a : 20psa
B :10pm 5 :00pm 7:85pm
1 :30am 9:10asxi S:40asi
8 :00am Nova to 10:40am 10:20am
8:30pm 9:30am Pet— luma A :03pm C:20oa
6 :10pm 3:30pm and 7:33pm
a :00pm Santa Rosa
I:J0am 10:40am 10:20aa
8:00am Fulton 7:33pm «:20pn»
1 :80pm 3 :80pm
Windsor
T :30am 8:00am Healdsburr 10:40am 10:-0an.
Lytton
S :80pm S :30pm Geyservlllo 7:S3pm 8:_0ps_
Cloverdal*
T:80am| 8:0Oaml Hopland |10:40am|10:-0a__
8:80pm| 8:8Opm| and Uklafa I 7:35pm| <:20pi
j I TVtlllts and I j
7 :80am I 8:00am| Sherwood I 7:35pm( «:20p_i
7 :80am I 8:00am| |10:40am|10:20am
8 :30pm 1 3:30pm| OperperlUe | 7:33pm| 8:2Opn.
7:30am! 8:00am| Sonoma I 0:10aml 8:40am
B:10pm[ 5:00pm[ Clen Ellen I 6:05pm| fl:-0pa_
7:80am| • :00am I |10:40amll0:20an_
3 :S0pm I 3:8Opm| Sebastopol I 7:35pm| 6:20pm
STA^fei connect at Green Bras (or Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
Bprings and Mark West Springs: at Lytton tor
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle (or Skacss
tprlnys; at Clovero— la for the Geysers. Boona-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland (or Doncaa
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyrllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lalteport, BarUett
Springs and Lake Co. Hot Springs: at Uklal.
(or Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs. Bru*
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Up-
per Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside, Lterly*s. Bucknell's. Sanbedrta
Heights. Hullvllle, Orr*s Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg. Westport and Uaal: at WUllt-
(cr Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood tor Tort
Bragg. Canto. Covelo. LaytonrUle. Cuni-
tntngs. Bell's Springs, Harris. Hubbard. "««-
land. Dyer. GarbervtlU. Camp 5. Pepperwood,
Scotia and Eureka. __
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlc««t» at r«>«
On Sunday— Round-trip tlcketa to all polata
beyond San "Rafael at half rate*. _*____,
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chroolel*
V JAs! S L. FRAZIER. £ TAlf t
On. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Ra ilway
It. Saa Fn3ri»» _#_SSj__. — '• — ' * fr*-ciKa
~ -• 8:35a fi»e$Sfi&ii| 1:«O* *1O:5Oa
9:5Oa 9:5Oa «?"*5»^3a» S:55p 2:55p
- 11:()Oa T__?*5Sa»iir 4:^T>p _
l:4op l:45p !££?>>?' |_C:S^p eTg'Vp
Vu Gravitj Car V H. Tiatlpaik to Hia Tiila?
""" 1 830 Market Sx_(N'orth Shore Railroad)
UUCP } and Sausauto Fbbjly. Foot Market Su
WeeflyCa! SLOOprlB^r
r COOSX_ TO LZT — mra. and^ VnZum^
i ST. REGIS. Hyd« and Ellis— New house; new
furniFhiiigs; fresh and clean; hot and cold
water; Laths; everything sanitary; elevator
reracc: if sunshine and cleanliness is an ob-
ject see thfso rooms: &J l-cr week up.
SCOTT. Nice sunny suite for 1 or "J gentle-
men in private family: no other roomers; ref-
<rencrs reiiulr^d: call evenings.
SHOTWEI-L, ."24 — 1 furnished or unfurnished
room; private.
SHOTWEL ,L. «J20— To let, comfortable fur-
nished room for lady, with bath.
STOCKTON, 41 — Nicely furnished sunny suite,
also t.inKl< % rooms. ?J to !?7 week.
STOCKTON, 41 and 45 — Nicely furnished eun-
njr front rooms; also single. .$1 50 to $6 week.
Sl'TTER. 25o2 — Nicely furnished sunny room;
reasonable.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT ANI» COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE) ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont, 3C1 Sutter — New brick bldg-.,
finely furnished: hot. cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 50 to ?5 per week.
TWO nice unfurnished rooms; clean and quiet.
Call or address 551^ Howard st.
UNITED STATES. J23 Eddy, near Mark't — 400
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gasi. running water In every
room; elevator, rtad -room; iree bus; baggage.
WALLER. 6G1— Large furnished room: large
clos*t; use of kitchen. Phone Page 1750.
WASHINGTON, 02S— A neatly furnished room;
cheap.
WEBSTER. 1338 — Furnished room for young
man.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
Me to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus ; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice !
furnished rooms from 15c per night up.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recaption
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ST. GEORGE, 1C16 and 1018 Washington st. —
Just opened; handsome newly furnished sun-
ny suites, private baths; eingle rmf; every
modern convenience; good table board; reas.
ELEGANT, comfortable home offered one gen-
tleman; bedroom, exclusive bathroom, parlor
and board. $15 weekly in advance. Box 2957,
Call office.
ELLIS. 453 — Nicely furnished room?, with ex-
cellent French table beard; reasonable.
EXCELLENT board. Si i*r week; with large
Funny room. ?5. 323 First st.
LARGE, sunny, nicely furnished rooms for
couples; excellent board. 936 Valencia st.
EDDY. 112S. opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furn.
Funny rooms ; table board ; rea». ; new manag.
HOWARD, 841A— First-class board and room,
single or double, $5-$6 wk. ; American family.
JONES, 1310— Furniehed room; excellent board;
marine view.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex, '
S07 California — See rms. learn prlcee.try table.
jg BOOKS AND BOAED WANTED.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wants room and
board In private family; sunny room, hot
and cold water; bath; must be homelike; no ;
nther roomers; price reasonable; 10 minutes' ¦
walk from City Hall; north of Market St.; j
give rate with answer. Box 2976, Call office, i
j
TWO young men want room and board private i
family in the Mission. Address, stating
terms, box 2954. Call office.
SUNNY room and board by lady; $15 to $20;
Powell. Van Ness, Market, Pine. Box 2768,
Call office.
DIVIDEND NOTICES,
1 ¦ I
DIVIDEND notice — Claremont Oil Com- j
pany. en November 1, 1904, will pay a divi- ',
dend (No. .">), amounting to $4500. equal to :
lc per share, on its issued capital stock, j
Transfer books close on Tuesday, October 25, I
1904. at 5 i». m.
On November 25. 1004. will pay an extra I
dividend, amounting to J45O0. on Its insued !
capital stock, equal to lc per share. Trans-
fer books close Saturday. November 19 1904, I
at 1 p. m., payable at its office, room 731 i
Mills bld£.. San Francisco. GEO. J. REM- ;
INGTON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National '
Bank of San Francisco — At a regular meet- !
lug of th« Board of Directors of this bank. I
held October 4. 1904. a dividend for the i
quarter year, ending September 30 1904, j
wae declared at the rate of seven (7) per
cent per annum, payable en and after the
15th inst. Transfer books will be closed
from the 10th to the 15th iwt.. both days
inclusive. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco. Oct. 4. 1904.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley: I
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material I
Men — Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and j
furnishing the materials for reconstructing !
the *outh drive, en the grounds of the Unl- :
verslty of California, at Berkeley, California, 1
and said bids will be received at the office ;
of the Regents, South Hall. Berkeley, at or
before 5 p. m. of October 24. lftol. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
certified check or bond of bidder. In favor of j
the Regents of the University of California, !
ev^al to ten (1<>) per cent of his bid with •
sufficient puretiep. conditioned that If said bid '
be accepted, the bidder will duly enter Into '
a proj>er contract and jrive bond to perform
faithfully the duty and obligations in ac- ¦
cordance with paid bid and with the plan-! ',
and F]>eciriration8 which are hereby required j
to be a part of such contract. The right to \
reject any or all bids is hereby reserved. ;
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS For Subsistence Supplies. — Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, Cal
Oct. 0. 1'jtM. — Scaled proposals for furnishing
and delivering of Euch quantities of subsist-
ence supplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharves or such warehouses in San Fran-
cisco. Cal., as per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. MONDAY. October 17, 1904, and
opened Immediately thereafter, in presence
of bidders. Specifications, general instruc-
tions to bidders and blank forms of proposals
will be furnished to established dealers on
application to DOUGLAS SETTLE, Captain
Corny.
BAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Sept. 17. 1904.—
Sealed 'proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., October 17.
1804, and then opened, for the construction of
a brick hospital steward's quarters, at Fort
Maeon. California, including plumbing and
wiring. Government reserves the right to
reject or accept any or all bids In whole or
In part. Information furnished on applica-
tion to WILLIAM S. PATTEN, Assistant
Quartermaster General, Chief Quartermaster.
1 — '¦¦
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
NOTICE — Taxes due upoa assessments made
by tbe State Buard of Equalization. Con-
troller's Department, State of California.
Sacramento, October 11, 1904. In accord-
ance with the provisions of section 3608 ot
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that I have leceived from the State Board
of Equalization the "Duplicate Record of As- I
fcessrnents of Railways" and the "Duplicate !
Uecoi-d of Apportionment of Railway Assess-
ments," containing the assessments upon the
property of each of the following named I
associations or corporations, as fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year
1904, vlr.: .';
Central Pacific Railway Company. South
Pacific Coast Railway Company. Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, Southern Cali-
fornia Motor Road Company. Carson and
Colorado Hallway Company, California !
Northwestern Railway Company (lessees of i
tbe San Francisco and North Pacific Rail-
way), Southern California Railway Company;
the AtchUon, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
Company; North Shore Railroad Company
Pacinc Coast Railway Company. Pajaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad Company. Nevada
County Narrow Gauge Railroad Company
Nevada-Calif ornia-Oreeon Railway Company'
Sierra Valleys Railway Company. Alameda
and San Joaquin Railroad Company, Sierra
Railway Company of California, Gualala Mill
Company, Lake Tahoc Railway and Trans-
portation Company, Boca and Loyalton Rail-
road Company; San Pedro. Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Company, and the °ull-
man Company.
The State and county taxes on all per-
sonal property and one-half of the State
and county taxes on all real property are
now due and payable, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday in November next at
6 o'clock p. m.. and unless paid to the State
Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto 5
per cent will be added to the amount there
of, and unless so paid on or before the las-
Monday tn April next, at C o'clock p. m "Vn
additional 5 per cent will be added to' th«
amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real property will be due
and payable at any time after the first
Monday in January next, and will be dclin
txuent on tbe last Monday in April next, at
• c o'clock p. m., and unless paid to th»
State Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto
5 per cent will be added to the amount '
thereof. j
& P. COLGAN, State Controller.
_STOBAGE ABEHCmSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods 6tored. moved, shipped. 725-
7:U Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres-.; ,
furniture moved, packed, shipped and Btored.
PIEltCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts. : tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'8 Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 33:; Golden Gate avc.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storace and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2;;20 Flllmore et. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storajre Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWiarG^MAC^IKXS^AND^SjrjPPIjlES.
DON'T think of buying a sewing machine until
you have seen the White Grand* which Is
two complete machines In one, making both
the look and automatic «titch. On exhi-
bition at the White Company's new retail of-
fice. 915 Market st. '-H:----
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
la cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand ?3, $5, $8; slightly
used $10, $15, $'J0; you know where the doIU j
swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
SOCZAX. ;
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here; a chance to make merry; cozy dance
. hall and dinners to FUit any purse at Ivy
Gardens, Ocean Beach terminal of electric
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211.
Muirhend building. Market and Larkin sts.
STCPJ)BIKEIira._
GUARANTEED cure: send 60c: tablet form
mailed in Dlaln package: has cured %hou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
SUPPLIES.
I AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. R36 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 503 Market.
VXAVX.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO., Van Ness. Phone East 2S2.
jLEQA-Ii HOTIOES.
I HAVE boucht the fruit Btand from TOM
Mclaughlin at 442 Third st. max
TURTELTOUB.
BTUTTEaiNO AHD STAMMERIlfO^
MEUJoTjR^iTTnstltute. Van Ness and Market.
cures; estab. In S. F. 4 yra. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The followlnE marriage licenses were Issued
yeeterday :
Charles W. PrellberK. 40. 1223 Filbert
street, and Anna H. L. Wissel, 34, 44 Third.
Alex Kodbj-, 27, 47 Sacramento street, and
Brlta I. Kola. 29, 157 Clara street.
Gutdo J. Mu«to. 21, 1230 Hyde street, and
Romilda A. Sbarboro. 18, 3401 Washington.
Michael J. Foley. 30, 948 Folsom street, and
Mary J. Mullany. 24. »4S Folsom street.
William Xunes. 21. Centervllle. and Jose-
phine Rogers, 18, 3517 Twenty-fourth street.
Henry T. W. Brown. 27, 10 Stockton place,
and Carrie E. Henry, 30, 16 Stockton plat*.
Eduardo O. Gouveia, 21. 321 Washington
street.- and Angelina C. Amaral, 19. 321 Wash-
ington street.
Frank L. Allen. 25, 2203 Larkin street, and
Elizabeth McGrath. 18. 2203 Larkin street.
Charles M. Wilson. 21. Stockton, and Kath-
erlne Medina, 18. Stockton.
Martin Toohey, 22. 4HS Connecticut street,
and Annie M. Reaney. 22, 468 Connecticut st.
Niels P. Jensen, 30. «Vsl Natoma ftreet, and
Nlssine Hansen. 24, 6S3 Natoma street.
Antonio B. Matterl, 2C, 407 Pacific street,
and Josephine D. Anuzzl. 24, 407 Pacific st.
Juklhl Monji. 30. 514 Pine street, and Unki
Osuml 24. 514 Pine street.
Otokichl Kansakl. S!>, 514 Pine street, ana
Unkino Omuro, 24, 614 Pine street.
Masumi Takahachi, 28, 358 Jessie street, and
Towa H.'ira, 26. 358 Jessie street.
Gee Chung. 50. 815 Dupont street, and Lee
Scon He. 25, 815 Dupont Rtreet.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices eent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted elmply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
ASMUSSEN— In Berkeley, Cal., October 10,
1904, to the wife of Agger F. W. Asmuesea,
a son.
COHN— In Oakland, Cal.. October 13, 1904.
to the wife of Abe Cohn. a son.
DELANEY— In this city. September 23. 1904.
to the wife of W. J. Delaney, a daughter.
JARDINE — In this city, October. 14, 1904, to
the wife of John Jardine. a daughter.
JOHNSON— In Oakland, Cal., October 12, 1904,
to the wife of T. A. Johnson, a son.
JORDAN— In Oakland, October 6. 1904, to the
wife of F. T. Jordan, a ron.
SAWYER— In this city, October 9. 1904. to
the wife of Dr. J. K. Sawyer, a son.
WARD — In Oakland. Cal., October 10. 1904, to
the wife of Charles Ward, a son.
MARRIED.
CHAMBERS— BECKLER— In this city, Octo-
ber 12, 1904, by the Rev. George W. White,
Leon S. Chambers and Louise Beckler, both
of San Francisco.
CONATY— HASSELM AN— In this city. Octo-
ber 12, 1S104, by the Rev. Frederick A.
Doane, James H. E. S. Conaty and Ella
Morris Hasselman. both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Althausen, Anna Howell. William
Barr. Cant. Wm. H. Jacobeon, John
Brechtel. William F. Kurano, K.
Colby. Agusta Lee, Roawell
Colombat, Henry A. Lowden. Montgomery
Engelberg. Elisabeth ' Page, Annie
Fruland, Endui J. Raffo, Acosti.no
Goodman. Thomas J. Tierney. Peter
Griffin, Thomas F.
ALTHAUSEN — In Oakland, October 14, 1904,
at 5508 San Pablo avenue, Anna, beloved
daughter of Christina and the late John
Althausen, and sister of Harry. George, Joel
and John Althausen and Mrs. Minnie Walte,
a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years 9
months and 20 days.
BARR— In this city, October 14. 1904, Captain
William H. Barr, beloved husband of the
late Annabeila Barr. and father of William
G. Barr. a native of Woolwich. England,
aged 70 years 8 months and 8 days.
inSTInterment private.
BRECHTEL — In this city, October 14 1904.
William F. Brechtel, beloved husband of
Catherine W. Brechtel, a native of Carls-
ruhe, Baden, Germany, aged 72 years.
(German city papers please copy.)
ICRemains at the uarlors of A. W.
Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street. Funeral
and interment strictly private.
COLBY — In this city, October 14, 1904, Agusta
Colby, beloved wife of the iate Charles A.
Colby, and mother of Alfred S. and Sadie
B. Colby, Mrs. Alice E. Kedon. Mrs. E. L.
' McNoble and the late Mrs. Fannie Igo, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 75 years.
(Boston and Cambridge papers please copy.)
1 ICTThe funeral will take place on Sunday,
j October 16. from her late residence. 751
I McAllister street, where services will be
I held at 2:30 p. m. Interment Odd Fellows'
1 Cemetery.
COLOMBAT— In this city. October 14, 1904,
Henry A. Jr.. dearly beloved Infant son of
Henry and Charlotte Colombat, and brother
of Georgia and the late Jeannette Colombat,
a native of San Francisco, aged 5 months
and 9 days.
CTTuneral Sunday, October 16. 1901. at
1 D. m. Interment private. '*•-.
ENGELBERG — In this city, October 13, 1904,
! Elisabeth Annie Engelberg, a native of
Gilroy, Cal., aged 37 years.
ITT'Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth.
FRULAND — In the City and County Hospital.
October 14, 10<*. Endui J. Fruland. a native
of Norway, aged 35. years.
GOODMAN — In San Leandro. October 14, 1904
Thomaa J., dearly beloved son of Johannah
OJid the late Thomas Goodman, and beloved
brother of Johannah and John Goodman a
native of San Leandro.
(CFuneral Sunday. October 16. from St
Leander"s Church. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
GRIFFIN— In this city. October 13, 1904,
Thomas F.. beloved son of the late Michael
and Ellen Grifttn. and brother of Katie and
Alice Griffin. Mra. O. Jones and Mrs. J.
Allen, a native -of San Francisco, aged 36
years. '
ET-Frknos and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
To the officers and members of Mohican
Tribe No. 119, I. O. R. M.— You are re-
James McGinn. Hetary Hansen.
JAMES McGINN _ CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros
— Funeral Directors and Embalmers— —
214 Eddy St." TeL South 576.
quested to assemble at the funeral parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. ;.'O Fifth street, Sunday. October 10,
at 12:13 p. m.. to attend the funeral of our
late brother. Thomas F Griffin. By order
C. A. HOFFMAN. Sachem.
H. G. LAMBERT Chief of Records.
HOWELL— In this city. October 13. 19M.
William HoweD. a native of Wales, aged
62 years. " ,
JACOHSON— In this city, October. 14, 1904,
John Jacobson. a native of Germany, agea
70 years.
KURANO— In the City and County Hospital,
October 14, 1904 K. Kurano. a native of
Japan. agecJ 30 years.
LEE — In this city, October 14. 1904, Roswell,
beloved husband- of Lizzie II. Lee, a native
of Springfield. Mass., ajjed 62 years 3 months
and 28 days.
LOWDEN — At Quartz Mountain, Tuolumne
County, Cal.. October 14, 1004, Montgomery,
beloved husband of Maggie Lowden, and
father of Mrs. B. G Hall, and brother of
T. J. Lowden. a native of Ohio, aged 5S
years 7 months and 15 days. A member ot
Ivanhoe Lodge No. 5. K. of P. ';' ;;
GTRemalns at the parlors of the United
Undertakers. 8«6 Mission street.
PAGE— In this .city. October 14. 1904, Annie,
wife of E. T. Page of Pinole. Contra Costa
County, Cal., a native of England, aged 41
years.
RAFFO— In this city, October 12, 1904. Agos-
tino Raffo, dearly beloved son of Pietro and
Mary Kafto. a native of tian Francisco.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, October 15, at i P. m., at the
residence of his parents, 1307 Castro street,
between Twenty-fourth and Jersey. Inter-
ment Italian Cemetery.
TIERNEY— In Oakland. October 14. 1904,
Peter, beloved husband of Margaret Tlerney,
and father of Martin J. Tlerney, a native of
Galway, Ireland, aged C3 years.
(ETKriends end acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
October 17, at 0 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 1016 Linden street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the rtfcose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
H^^CALIFORNIA H
Bliiviited to Chicago m
3 LEAVES MONDAYS ind THURSDAYS Q
H«t f):3O a. m., t-xooffb in 3 days.fl
PJ with, diner and all trapping's. 1 1
Othw Santa P« Tratati
ai30 t ntl t0T Stockton. Fmno. BakerafleM,
8:00 p. m.J Merced. Hanfordl and VlaalU.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. aal
Perry Depot, 8. T. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. 37 South Tint st,
San Son*.
jf^pliigg] To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
ISPS!S2«2^ Via Sausallto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at tr.«*
,45. 8.25. »:10. 9:60. 11:00 a. m.; 1:« T V.^«
;;»: S-.IS. B-.W. «:a0. 7:15. S> :0 O and'a^
n nx. *
Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at tfl-^
T -S3 8:15. 8:50. »:S5. 10:50 a, m. : i:Jo i-tt'
AM. 6:05. 5:42. 6:22. «:57. 7:40 and" flff'.
P 'tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:43 a. m.; also s>.
urdays at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Satur*
day And Sunday at 5:15 p. m. *T "!
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way station.
S515 p. m.. Saturday* only— For Cazadert
•tc
6:1ft p. m.. dally, except Saturday and Sun.
day. for Tomales. «tc.
TICKET . OFFICE— €50 Market' rt.
FERRY— Unioa Depot, toot ot Marktt it.On and after November 1 the Stock and Bond
Exchange will quote all regularly listed divi
dend paying stocks, "ex-dlvidend." on the day
that the transfer ' books close In the of3ces of
the companies, instead of the* day on which
the dividends are paid, following the Eastern
plan.
The Lucerne Side Ditch Company has levied
an assessment of $1 75. delinquent November
5 - Lower Extension Ditch Company, 23c, Oc
tober 28: Red Slide Mining Company, 5c. No-'
vember 12. .., .
The raclflc Surety Comoany has declared' Its
regular quarterly dividend at the rate of 8 per
cent per annum, payable immediately.
The feature cf yesterday's market was) th« •
decline In Gas and Electric from $02 to S61 I
and Its subsequent recovery to $61 50 under
active transactions. Alaska Packers was sud- -
denly weak at $12O. while Pacific States Tele
graph and Telephone was higher at $11S. Bank
of California sold at $424. The market was
more active than for aome days. Thero was'
nothing of importance new In oil or mlnlmr
shares.
Gun and Electric Fluctuating: on the
Bond Exchange.
STOCK MARKET.
OMAHA. 4 Nebr.. Oct. >14.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 3300. Steady. Native steers, $4 25©
6 10; cow« and heifers, . $2 25©4 00;?- Western
Steers. $3@4 65; Texas' steer*, $2 75©3 60
range cowa and heifers, $2 25^3 35; canner*
$1 &0@2 10; '¦ Btockers - and feeders. 1 $2 25@4
calves,. $3'3 > 5 50; 'bulls and stags, $1 7503 25!
HOGS— Receipts,^ 4300. Market 6c lower!
Heavy, $5(95 50; mixed, $5®5 10; light, $50
Omaha.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 14.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 4000. Steady. Native steers, $4*£4 60 •
etockers and feeders, $2 25<??4' 25; bulls, $1 75©
3 50; calves, $2 50@5 50: W^tern steers, S.{@
4 r»0: Western cows, $1 5003 50. ....
HOGS — Receipts. 9000. 56 10c lower; bulk of
¦ales, $5@5 40. Heavy, $5 40@5 MV.; packer*
(5 35@5 45; pigs and light, |4 00@>5 20.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000." Strong;.
$3 £5®3 80; lambs. $4®5 25; range, wethers'
$3-30@4; ewes, $2 75@3 60; "Western ewes, 80
pounds, (3 CO
Kunsas City.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000;.- Sheep, strong;
lambs, weak. Good to choice wethers $3 50@
4 20; fair to choice mixed, $3 2503 75; West
ern sheep, $3@4 25; native lambs, $4 25@5 90;
Western lambs, $4@5 60.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6000, Including 3000 Westerns. Market 10c
lower. Good to prime steers, $5 70®6 70;' poor
to medium, $3 50(g:> CO; Btockers. and feeders
$2 250>4; cows, $1 50®4 20; heifera, $2@5: tan
ners, $1 5C@2 40; bulls, $2@4 35; calves, $3®
7; Texas fed steers, $3 75©5 BO; Western
steers, $3® 5 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 19,000; to-morrow. 12,000.
Market, 5c to 10c lower. Mixed and butchers','
$5 15@5 75; good to choice heavy. $5 5O@5 75;
rougfc heavy, $5<f?5 25; light, $5 15@5 55; bulk
Of sales. $5 35@5 55.
Clilcajro.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
On thn Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firmer.- Creameries, 14<j?2Oi$c; dai
ries. 13(5<17c; egKB, firm at market, cases in
cluded. 10H*J18 1 /ic: firsts, 18'4c; cheeee steady
100 10 Vic
Butter, Chee.se nnd Eggs.
Flour, qr sks... 7.5fiS'Wool. bales l.M
Wheat, ctls 70o| Shorts, sks 2W>-
Barley, ctls .... 5.572! Leather rolls M
Feed, sks 3.">5| Tallow, ctls .... 2SI
Bran sks 5S5, Hide* No 1«5 -
Middlings, aka .. «3<> Pelts.' No 00.
Hay. tons 4<T>I Lime bbls 27.T
Hops, bales 333! Wine, gals 31.1P.0
Oats ctls 1.0S9; Sugar, ctls ..... 1,!W>
Corn (West) Ctla 2. M*)> Quicksilver.- fUks. 250
Beans. *ks 1,220 RaUina, bxs 3.230
Potatoes. «k*-... 1.2*7! Broom Cora, bdls • »"'
Onions, ska 154| V>~
. Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. OCTOBER 14.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Foreign markets were firm, but
dull for cargoes. Futures were easy. Chicago
rose 2<ftc.
The San Francisco market did not follow tile
Chicago' advance and futures were quiet and
only %c higher on the mornlnt; aeeslon. The
feeling was bearish and the disposition wan
to sell on any advance. The cash grain was
easy and dull, with buyers still holding oft.
The situation In the East Is very curious
and unusual, -fur will be seen from the follow
ing from the Chicago Record-Herald of yes
terday: "Kansas City has ecld and shipped a
great deal of Wheat to Minneapolis. St. Louis
sold and shipped to Interior milling points in
Ohio and Indiana. Millers In Detroit have been
buying in Duluth. Chicago, Minneapolis and
Rochester millers have been buying Oregon
Wheat. Minneapolis haa> void and shipped to
Duluth. Kansas Is shipping to Texas and Cali
fornia millers. New England In buying flour
In Portland, Or., and Cincinnati haa bought
Wheat In Baltimore and brought it West, while
Kansas City is beginning to ship Wheat back
to interior Kansas millers. We should be on
the outlook for strange developments."
Kansas City wires: "Buyers will have to
come up to get the Wheat here. Some sales
2 Via to 3c higher. Allan Logan is asking 6c
higher than yesterday and says he can sell to
a mill this evening at that." St. Louis irired:
"One milling firm in the Southwest has bought
one million bushels and another four hundred
thousand bushels of Orepon Wheat. These
millers usually buy here." .: :-¦-.<,•
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45<?1 62U; California
White Australian. $1 55®1 C2ft; Northern
Club $1 *5©1 52%; Northern Bluestem. $1 60
©1 «2'4 per ctl.
w FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. ¦ Low. C!o.*e
December . . .$1 «% *l «Ts ? 1 49 H $1 49»4
May 1 51 1 51 1 51 1 51
2 p. m. Session.
Open. 'High. Low. Close
December ...$1 49% $1 30 $1 i9% $1 49%
May 151 1 G1U . 1 51 1 51 U
BARLEY — The market continues quiet. The
cash grain meets with an indifferent demand
while futures are extremely dull. All quota
tions remain about as before.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed.: $1 07»4@l 12% : new Brewing and
Shipping. $1 16©1 17ft; Chevalier. $1 17&©
1 22 V4 P«r ctl. '.-"¦
.. ¦ . ¦ : FUTURES. ..•
, • Session 0 to 11 :30 a. m.
December— No sales, $1 101i bid, $1 10%
asked.
2 p. m" Session.
December— $ll0>4 bid. $1 10% asked.
. OATS— Continue in active demand for seed,
but the local feed and milling demand is only
average. Prices remain unchanged.
-White. |1 37H@1 55; Surprise. $1 60@l 60:
Red for feed; $1 32Va©l 43 for No.\ 1 and
I *1 21'V.©1 30 for No. 2: extra fine for seed. 1
1 $1 42^(51 50; Black. $1 SOtfl 35 for feed and
i $1 50A1 70 for seed. - j_ ¦ -
! CORN— The car shortage has evidently been
I lifted sooner than expected, for 240O ctls came
m yesterday from the West. These supplies
were needed, as stocks were diminishing to
tho point of 'scarcity. Quotations remain un
changed.
¦Western sacked. ?1 40i@l 45 for Yellow, $1 45
for White and $1 40@l i'2Vi for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow, $1 40®l 45; small ronna
do $1 55®1 C2&- White nominal: Egyptian.
$l'3o©l 45 for White and $1 25@1 30 for
Brown.
RYE— $1 35®1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
Flour nnd MlIIstnfTs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 809
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70® 5.
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $4@4 30
per bbl.
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices tn packages are a»
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal, $2 75; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Veal. $2 50; extra cream do. $3 >O;
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats $4; Hominy.
$3 60©3 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Crackad
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 60; Rolled Oats. bbls. $ti 75<@7 50; in
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $3 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
. Hay nnd Feedstuffs.
Tha receipts of hay yesterday lncludad 37
I cars. The market showed no change whatever.
Bran and other Feedstuffs continued weak,
1 but no decline was announced.
BRAN— $20<g2l per ton.
MIDDLING3— $24<g28 per ton.
SHORTS— $20$21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50@24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50®32 50; I
I Jobbing. $.'!3: Cocoanut Cake. $22923: Corn
i Meal. $30 SO@31 50; Cracked Corn. $31332;
i Mixed Feed. $22322 50; Horsa Beans, $30<340
i per ton; Broom Com Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $10^13 60; Wheat and. Oat.
! $10(914 50; Oat $9@13; Barley and Oat. SS
012; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7^10; stable. $9
I 011: stock, $5 50®7: Clover. $7@10; Alfalfa.
• $9i912 per ton.
STKAW — 4&©65c per bale.
: Beans and Seeds.
I Beans continue to advance and the current
rise Is extending to all kinds. Bayos are par
1 ticularly stiff, as there are not enough here
' to satisfy the demand, and Pinks are a close
I aecon«l. Li mas show aa much firmness as ever.
I The situation is very brilliant from the sellars* |
: standpoint.
I BEANS— Bayos. $2 75<g3: Pea. $2 JKV93 10;
i Butters. $2 75f*:»; small White. $3 15«3 33;
! larpe White. $2 4O»2 65; Pink. $3 10^.1 30;,
! Red $4 250J 50: Lima $4 10@4 23: Red Kid
! neys $4 GO'tfi 75; Biaekeyea, $2 6O@2 70 per
' ctl: Horse Beans. $1 S54f2 40.
I SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. $:t 25; Flax, $2@2 75; Canary. 6% I
• @7- Alfalfa. 15H'Sl ( J»Ac: Rape, H4@2lio;
i Timothy. 5*ic; Hemp. 3>«.<8W t c per lb; Millet.
' 2'ifioVic; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per ton.
! DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2@2 25; new Green
j Peas. $2@2 25 per cU.
j Potatoes, Onionn and Vegetables.
I River Burbanks ruled firm during the early
1 trade, as supplies were scant, owing to the
1 principal river boat being late, and the wharvea
. were practically bare before the fresh receipts
! came to hand. The belated steamer brought
I a heavy Invoice, but there was no decline in
¦ prices and the market closed firm at the pre
j viou?ly quoted rates. Sales of selected lots
: of Salinas Burbanks were still reported at $1 40
per cental, but for the general market $1 3S
wu considered an extreme figure. The bulk
of the available supplies of Onions were held
by a few dealers and they wera quoted firm at
• a narrower range of prices.
Prices of miscellaneous vegetables showed
considerable revision String. Wax and Lima
I Beans and Green Okra were firmer, while other
: vegetables were In free supply and generally
I lower.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 60©
| 7oc per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1 10*91 33 per
1 ctl: ?weet Potatoes. $l«il 15 per ctl.
ONIONS— *l 25^1 40 per ctl.
': VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 50c<fj$l per
sack or crate; String Beans, 3@4c per
: lb; Wax Bean?. S.^c per tt>; Lima
j Beans, 4*6 Ttc pe r lb; Tomatoes. 201?
35c per box; Summer Squash, 35@30c per
! box: Cabbage. 73e l>er ctl; Carrots, 75c per
sack: Cucumbers nri'g.Vlc per box; Garlic, 4Vi
©I'io per lb; Kg* Plant 35@50c per box;.
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Okra, 50®R.*ic
per box: Green Pep;>crs. 40<S60c per box;
Marrowfat Squash, $12#15 per ton. ¦
l'oullry iintl Game.
The Poultry market was In good shape for
the Fe'.lln.cr Interests arid prices of all descrip
; tlnns stood as previously quoted. A brisk de
• mun.l was reported for all good stock, with
i small young chickens still leading In point of
; demand. A car of Western was marketed,
making the fourth for the current week, and
, the receipts from domestic points were 49
coops. Game met with n brisk demand and
• Hare. Doves and common Snipe were quoted
higher.
j POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old. 14815c per
I lb for Gobblers and 15@16c for Hens; young
I Turkeys. 2utiL'2c per lb: Geese, per pair, $1 5o
I Oil 75; Gc«llngs, $1 75^2: Ducks. $4 3O@A per
I dozen for old and $4 .".nv. t; for young; Hens.
1 $4 50^5 for small and ?5<S3 50 for large; yountf
! Rooster*. f.Vg-5 .30; old Roosters $4 50ig5; Fry
; era. ?4f?4 60; Broilers. $:J®4; Pigeons, $1 25
I per do?en for <>ld and *2J?2 .'0 for Squabs.
f GAME — Wild Doves. $1 23 per dozen; Gray
j Geese. $5 p'.r dnzon: English , Snij>e. $3 p«r
j dozen: common Snipe. ?1 75 per dozen; Hare,
t $1 50^1 75 per dozen; Rabbity. $2 per dozen
! for Cottontails and $1 SO for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Epscs.
, Quotations for fine creamery Butter ar«
j getting irregular again and there Is a margin
I of 2c between the quotations of. tha different
i dealera. Some quote the market very stiff.
I while others say it is becoming top-heavy and
I weak. Retailers* report that thay are paying
31c and even higher for the best brand*. Under
these circumtsances the quotations below are
moderate. The lower grades of Butter were
quoted dull yesterday, an a number of houses
have some hot -weather Butter still on hand
which they have been carrying for a fortnight
and e"t\n longer, and which they are now work
; Ins off at very lov.' prices.
Cheese and Esrs show no change. Fine
I grades of both are very well cleaned up. «•
' cept in two or three houses, and wh:L» the
! hlsh price* are checking the demand more or
! less the quotations are maintained.
Receipts were 31,100 lbs Butter, 548 caies
I Etigs and .TI.100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 30®31c
for extras *nd i'lJiiSc for lower to medium
grades; dairy 21'g'JIc; cold storage. 21c; store
Butter. 17frI20c: Eastern creamery, 21Va®23c;
j Eastern ladle-packed. 10®17c per lb.
! CHEESK— ll@12c for choice mild new and
: S«?10c for old; cold storage. lOH^llc; Young
: Americas llH*?12c; Eastrrn, ICigluc per lb.
EGGS— P.anch. 3V®4Uo fo r large white «e
lected, 37(f?." 1 «c for gcorf to choice and 34#3G<?
j for common: cold storage. 27\»'S30c: storr.
nominal; Eastern, 25«2Sc for flmts and 228!
1 24o for seconds and 21c for bakers".
Deehhioiis and Citrus Frnlts.
The vjet weather restricted trad* In fresh
fruits, but as receipts were comparatively
¦ li£ht prices of rtesirable stock were wl! main
tained. Dry lots of table Grape? In crates and
i open boxes sold off well, the best offerings in
I crates selling at CC@75c and open boxts at
. *l-f<l 25, while stock that showed tiie effects
1 of the late rains sold at irregular prices. Of
j ferings In small boxes were generally poor and
I dragged badly at easy rate*. Figs were offer'
r ing rather freely and met with prompt sale.
! Offering's in crates from Martinez brought $1 50
I pe r crate and late arrivals from Stockton sold
¦ at 75cig$t per box. Trade in Apples continued
: active, but fancy stock was quoted lower, there
1 being nothing on the market that would bring
• the previous high quotations. The other tree
I fruits showed little change, supplies of all
; descriptions being ample. Melons were very
' dull at easier rates, and nearly all of the re
j ceipta'of Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Melons were
I of poor quality and hard to sell at any price.
. Attractive lots of Berries sold off well enough.
! while rain-damaged lots dragged. A consider-
I able portion of the receipts of Raspberries went
[ to the canners at the Inside quotation. Cran
: berries were quiet, particularly for Coos Bay
I stock, some lots of which have been limited at
i higher prices than the trade will pay.
' STRAWBERRIES— $S®10 per chest for
Longworths, $1'®:! for Malindas and $3®6 for
• Cheneys. • ¦ « ¦_ - „ •-..
i RASPBERRIES — *3fifl per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— OftlOc per lb.
! CRANRERniES— $2S2 25 per box for Ccos
j Bay ami S7 7r>*iS for Cape Cod.
APPLES— $1 10@l 23 for fancy. S5c$$l for
choice and 40@75c for common.
PEAP.3— Bartlett.1. $J 50©2 per box !n
! eluding cold storage: Winter Nellia, $1@1 23;
i other winter varieties. 40®50c.
PEACHES — 00i985c per box.
PLUMS — G&fiS5c pe r box.
PERSIMMONS — 7>0c@$l per box.
! POMEGRANATES— 4C@«5Oc for email and
', $1 2o(a- for large boxes.
!• QUINCES— S.'li.'Cc per box. .
FIGS — 75c©Sl 50 per box.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, 5d875c per crate
: Nutmeg Melons. 25050c per box; Watermelons'
I ?l(fT2 per dozen.
t GRAPES— Table varieties,. 40@75c for
crates. 25@40c for small boxes and 85c«$l "3
for open boxes: .Wine Grapes. $12®20 pe r ton
I CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 5CKf?3 50 per
I box for Valencia*; Lemons, $2 5C03 for
I fancy. $1 75*52 23 for choice and $1 2301 50
! for standards; Grape Fruit. $2 50@3 50; Mexi
can Limes. $4@4 50 per case; Bananas. $2ir3
per bunch for Central American and 73e«s - >
j for Hawaiian: Pineapples. $2 75©3 25. xu *~
! Dried Fruits, Xuts. Raisins, Honey
! FRUITS-^New crop— Apricots, 7*i"®10e for
i Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; NecUrlnes
e®7»4o 'or \Vhlte and 6Q6Vic for Red;
I Peaches, 8*4©8%c p«r lb;- Pears. 7012c :
Plums, pitted. 6<56%c for black. 8©SWe
for red and 763^0 for yellow; Figs 2-crown
bricks, 50c; 3-crown. 53c; 4-crown 60c- 8
crown..66c; bulk white. 2^C3c: black 3«ia
Evaporated Apples, 5Vi@7c per lb.
PRUNES— 19s«l%e'per lb for the four sizes
i and 2V»e basla fo r the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters, $2 25©2 50: Dehesa. $1 85<S2
i London Layers. 80c$$l; Loose Muscatels i.
I crown. 4©4^c; 3-crown. ZV,Q3%e; 2-crown.
3S3%c: Seedless. 2H®2%c; Floated, Sc; Seed
' ed. 4©5Hc; Thompson's Seedless. 4%c- Seed
less Sultana*. 3H63%c per lb.
NUTS — N«iw Walnut* No. 1 softsnall. 12c:
No. 2. 10c; No. 1 hardshell, ll%c- No. 2. »Uc-
*- T. Hutton t Co., 490 California, street.
New York Stock Ust.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14.— The activity of the
rtock market reached the boiling point to-day
• Tia trailing took on the appearance of the
»reat bull markets of a few years ago. It \n
highly probable that the sources of the buying
hevf widened with the recent v!c!ent ad
vances In the market surd *otne out?lde par
ticipation may be thut represented Ccjn
rjlRElcn houses through which thin kind of
business is un-ally transacted, however, report
that their business if riill restricted. Jt Is cer
tain that ver> larpe transactions in to-day's
market were executed by single nouner. buy-
Ing orders for single firms runmrjf as high
a* fifty thousand share? of various storks.
This points unmistakably to th<? centralized
direction and control of operation under com
bined resources. Bacb dealings were especial
ly noticeable to-day in a few of the stocks
In which centered the Rrcateyt activity ani In
which the «i.1e«t advances occurred, but the
movement became so general and so em
bracing aa to carry general conviction of a
»id> participation in t!>e market from many
•eparate and independent sources. The con
viction was very general alro that a veteran
cperator and turfman who has long refrained
from laadinr op«rfctinn» in the market was
*r«'.n oondurting transactions on a large
»c«j« by verr charai-teris.tlc methods. The
movement carried »ll before It from whatever
•ouro*s It came or for what motive*. The
Ilct of separate Issue* dealt tn was longer
than at «r.jr time this year. Yesterday and
to-day tii* number of lens dormant issues
which moved required constant industry to
trsce tlie former transact '.ci:a> Jn order to
make price comparisons. The uneaficciw" which
«M r»u»-1 yesterday by the comparative
neglect of the railroad Ktcxkr while lotr srrada
ar.d unknown industrials and specialties cb
eorbed all epeculctive attention wae relieved
to-day fcy the revived animstlon cf the stand
ard railroad stock*. These were not all shares
in the outaet In the market's strength, but
before th« day was over practically all im
portant stock* had moved forward a point or
more. There were one or two slight pauses
in the extreme activity cf the market during
*hf day. but it was enly when prices fell
fjjick elirhtly. AggretsJve buying on each oc
t-.iticn reawakened the animation of the m«r
kit and carried it to new high levels until
iSe final dealinsc. wh*n free ruling mingled
•with the new advances made the closinjr Ir
r-su'.ar. Epeclnc news had little to do with
t:.e day's movcmwit but a rtrcmg mlmulation
v.a5 civen to th« market by the unexpectedly
'irrje gain In cash promised by to-morrow'*
bank etAtezsent. The transfers on balance by
expresa to the Interior have been so small
rhls week that only an Insign'.flrant reduction
has to be made from the amount yielded to
the banks on »ub-trea«ury operations, which
¦ mounted to W.03T.C00. The exchange at
Chicago aJfto narrowed the discount 15 per cent
per thousand compared with 30 cents earlier
in the week.
The exhaustion of other crop supplies and
Ttm waiting for the new crop of corn may
account for this pause in the interior rnove
f:. Call money. In consequence, la very
to-day. The favorable turn In the Gov
lent's income of revenue Rives confidence
no call upon the national banks for
rit* la likely to be made. While th« ln
fiiBtriale and cpccialties maintain their new
found prominence the demand, for the atajid
*rd rtock* was commensurate with their repre
i«nta.Uve importance. Gains -of 1 to 2>4 point*
aj-e general thrmigrhout the liet and are much
larrer. in " tcpecla! cascc In the railroad and
Industrial lists. Bonds were active and. firm.
Total eales. par value. $7,855,000. United
itates bonds were unchanged on call.
Xrw York Stock Market.
Foreisn Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March.
Opening 7 5 'A 7 7
Closing 7 5% 7 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 2:? nrt 24 00
Closing 23 45 24 CO
Flour —
Opening 30 CO 31 93
Closing 30 CO 31 95
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOUIS, Oct. 1 1. — Wool was steady,
mrdlitm grades, combing and clothing. 20@2Cc;
light fine, lC^.20c; heavy fine. 12'al6c; tub
washed, 22g3(Jc.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 14.— Wheat for export-
Walla Walla, 82c; bluesteta, We; valley, S.">c.
For Eastern markets — Walla Walla, S'!c; blue
stem, S6c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 14. — Wheat, unchanged;
bluestem. 8«c: club. £2c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Oct. 14.— Clearings $788,037, bal
ances $243,045.
TACOMA, Oct. 11.— Clearings $547,SSS, bal
ances $54, MK).
PORTLAND, Oct. 14. — Clearings $iiU.S45,
balances $33,384.
SPOKANE, Oct. 11.— Cleurlngs $107,220, bal
ances $^3,094.
LOCAL MAUKKTS.
Exchange nud Bullion. '
Exchange locally van unchanged, but other
centers showed some fluctuations. Silver ad
vanced %c.
The China brought COO.HOO gold yen from
Japan, consigned to the London nnd San Fran.
Cisco Bank and th* International nankins Cor.
portatlon. Since December 1. lfliw. S:t.»i73,lK)0
yen have been received at this port, and from
January 1 to October 7 Han Kranclsco has sent
to Now York through the treasury S^J.l'73,128.
against $9.9ol>.234 for the corresponding period
of 1903. Of the $54,273,128 $39.877,<XX> was in
Japanese yen.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 84
Sterltng Exchange, sight — 4 8iHi
Sterling Exchange, cubles — 4 87 U
New York Exchange, sight — 07Va
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 57"i
Mexican Dollars — 4t»
INTEP.NATIONAL.
New York on Paris 1 .'S.lOTs
New York on Mexico 217
Paris on London 25.1^%
Berlin on London ¦ 20.36%
NEW YOKK. Oct. 14. — Clcs« — Money on
ca.ll. steady, Ir«e2 i*r cent; closing bid 1%
per cent: cf»eivd at 'J per cent.
Time tfien*. steady; sixty days. 34 per
cent; nlr.ety days. 3% per cent; s!x months.
EV34 prr cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4i;@-5 per cent.
St*rtln« exchange, strong, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at « 4.STwOff4.K'.55 for de
irand and at *4 k.~..-J<,«}4.K^"JV for ftixty-day bills
Posted rates. (4 84<u-4 MVj and $4 8<i»i
Commercial hills, $4 S3.
Bar sliver. C7 T i;c.
Mexican dollarti, 46c.
BonCs — Government, steady; railroad, firm.
Xptt York Money Market.
I-1ASTERX >rARKETS.
BED AND WHITE LEAD— Red L««d. 7%'BI
"Tic per lb; White Lead. 7 ] .4©7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows; per lb. in ICO-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fins Crushed 6.23c:
Powdered. 8.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c: D«t»
Granulated, fine. Cc; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Qranu!atr4
OOO-lb bags only). 5.90o: Confectioners' A 6c;
Magnolia A. 5>>Oc; Extra C, .l.r.Cc; Gokton &
S.40c: * < D," 5.30c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 50- lb bags,
10c more fo* a'.l kinds. Tablets — Half barrels
8.50c; boxe?. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnoa."
9c per .lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c- Pearl Oil in rases. 19>*c; Astral. lDi^c;
Star. 19%c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 28c; Eti
cere 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk,
16c; in cases. 22Uc; Benzine, in bulk. 13c- In
cases. 19UC: SB-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 23c;
In cases. 31c. . ; ' ¦
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon in cases «n*l
75c In ilruro.i and Iron barrels.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for ca«e»
add Zc: L:nseed. 53c per ration for boiled and
51c for raw. Caatar Oil. in cases. No; 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. caees. $1 10@l 12; Lncol. 60o fur
boiled and 4.*c. for raw: China Nut. canes.
e54[S0c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. In barrel*.
S8c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. CSc: natural winter
Sperm Ol!. fi3c; extra bleached winter What*
OH 57c; natural Whale Oil. S2c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil 7.V; No. 1 Lard Oil, «Jc;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 7.*5e: No. 1 N«atsfoot Oil.
C3c; ltght Herrinir Oil. 42c> dark Herrins; Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil 34c: boiled Fish Oil. 37e; raw
FUh Oil 35c: boiled Paint Otl. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c. • • - ,
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $8 50; Bryant. $0 60:
Beaver Hill $5 50: Rostyn. $7; Coo» Bay.
$5 60: Richmond. $7 5»>: Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump $11 SO: Cannel. f> per ton: Cake.
*11 .'l"i>K per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks:
Rcck> Mountain description*. $8 5O per short
ton. ' •
BAGS — drain Bags. $5@5 25; San Quentln.
$4 50; Wool Bags aOg22e; Fleece Twln«, Hid
Fruit Bags. 6 1-j ©7 Vic for whit* and 7c for
brown jut* : *»
General Merchandise.
Do coupon 131%| M, K & Texas 4s.l01H
Do old 4s res.lOov Do 2ds 84V4
Do coupon IO614J NR of Mex con 4s 78*- 4
Atch gen 4« 102% N T C gen S^s.-lOOft
Do adj 4s 87 N J C gen f.8....134V»
Atlantic C L 4s. OSVi Nor Pacfflc 48....104H
Bait * Ohio 4«..103Vi Do 3s 75
Do 3iis 95»i Nor & W con 4s.l00%
Central of Ga 68.113% OSL 4a &. partic. 98%
Do 1st lnc 87 Pa conv 3%s 101%
Ches & Ohio 4t$ s .lQ59i Reading gen 4a.l01>4
Chi & Alton 3%s. mu, 8 L & I M con 5s.115Vj
C. B & Q new 4s. 9SV4 S L & B F (( k 85'.;
CM & RP S n 4s. 109 H St Louis SW lsta. 98%
C & NW con 7s. 12S'4 ! Seaboard A L 4s. 80«;
C. R U Pac 4s. 77 1 4!£o Pacific 4a 94M
Do col .'.3 K7 I So Railway 5s 118U
C.C.C & PLgn 4O0H4 Tex & Pac Ists.l21i5
Chi Trrm 43 78 "iTol. St L & W 4s. S0%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 74 Union Pacific 4s. 105
Colo & So 4s HI Do eonv 4s UiflH
C F & I con 5s. 80 U S Steel 2d 6s.. 87^
Den & Rio G 4a.l01>; "tt'abash lsts 118*4
Erie prior Hen 4s.l00 I Do deb B ..... 66
Do fren 4s .88 WAT, Erie 4s. .. fll
F W * D C 1sts.lini4' Wlfl Central 4s... 91
Hock Val 4^8... 109^,1
Xew York .Mlnfnir Stocks.
Adams Con 60i Little Chief 0ft
Alice 20] Ontario 3 75
Broece lo| Ophlr 2 20
i Bruns Con 00 Phoenix 23
j Com Tunnel 10'Potosi 16
Con Cal & Va. .. 1 60 : Savase 30
Horn Sliver 1 50|8l«rra Nevada 31
Iron Silver 2 C5 Small Hopes 30
LeadvIIle Con 0^i Standard 1 85
Huston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— I United Fruit 105H
Call loans 2®:V U S Steel 20"^
I Time loans 4fi5' Do pfd 79ft
j Bonrts— I Westintr Common. 82^
I Atchison 4s 101 »J| Mining —
Do adj 4s 97 I Adventure 3%
( Jlex Central 4s. .. 68 I Alloue* 12
I Railroads — | Amal Copper .... C4V^
I Atehison 84^ | Amer Zinc 13%
; Do pfd 100'i I Atlantic 13H
Boston &'Albany.2IS«ijBingham 29%
Rostmi & Malne.lKl ! Calumet & Hecla.Sflo
I Boston Elev 153 I Centennial 27 a i
i Fitchburg; pfd 137 m Copper Range ... CIH
I Mex Central . 13»;iDaly West 12V6
! N Y. NH & H..l»:i iDom Coal 5B
( Union Pacific 100%' Franklin S'^
i Miscellaneo'is— ! Grancy S»}
: Amer Arpe Chem. IS lisle Royale 21%
I Do pfd HO ! Mass Mining .... 5
; Amer Pneu Tube. 4'V Michigan .., 7%
! Amer P"i?ar 1SSH' Mohawk 49>4
I Do pfd 135 I Mont CoaJ & Coke r,U,
I Amer Tel & Tel. 139 1 Parrot 25
Amer Woolen ... 1«!4 ! Quincy 94
Do pfd S3 I Shannon 5%
Pom Iron ft S. . . 13% -Tamarack 121
Ed Fleet Ilium.. 252 I Trinity 7%
Gen Electric 173 !U S Mining 24H
Mass ?:iectric n'jITTSOil 11 %
Do pfd 65 '! l T tah 42
Mass Oas 42 ! Victoria 3*4
Un Shoe Mach... 53 lAVInona : fl
Do pfd 31 I Wolverine 98
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money. ..88 3-l*M N Y Central ISStf
Do acct 8S U Nor & Western . . . 73>.£
Anaconda 5 | Do pfd 0^
Atchison R6*ilOni & Western... 30%
Do pfd 102% 1 Pennsylvania 69
Bait & Ohio 94%) Rand Mines lO 1^
I Can Pacific . 135S I Reading 38Ts
Ches & Ohio 151J! Do 1st pM 44>i
Chi Great Wept. 17%' Do 2d pfd 40';
Chi. Mil &¦ St P.172',4!So Railway 34%
De Beers Wj Do pfd 96%
Dfn & Rio G 29-V So Pacific fil
Do pfd R.1% 1 Union Pacific 108^
Erie 33»2|, Do pfd 97
Do l»t pfd 70HIU S Steel 20Vi
Do 2d pfd 4R 'V. • Do pfd «n"»l,
! Ill Central 14«<il Wabash 21
, I^ouli. * Nash 132U Do pH 4'5
I SI. K 4 Texas... 29 <i' Spanish 4 87
Bar silver — Steady. 2«%d per ounce. <¦ :
Money — lffl i< per cent.
The rate of discount In th« open market foi
short bills its •2K'S2'i ppr cent and for threo
months' bills 2%<Q2\l per cent.
Hank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14.— The following table,
compiled by Bradptreets, shows the hank clear
ings at the principal cities fur the week ended-
October 13/ with the percentage of increase
and decrease aa comoared with the corre
sponding week last year:\
Percentage.
Cities — Amount. Inc. " Dec.
New York »1,.V>».514,356 44.7 ....
Chicago lM7.12O.fl87 10.2 \ . . .'•
Boston I32.23B.T0Sh ¦ S.7
Philadelphia 122.S4I.30.1 20.5 •
St. Louis fi5.19(i,42S 4.7
Pittsburts 43,385,125 3.8 -
San Francisco ... 31.2(59,814 4.7
Baltimore 2S.Ci37,&40 12.1
! Cincinnati 23.965,850 13.1
I Kansas City 23.471. 478 12.1
New Orleans IS.OSrt.lftrO 23.8
Cleveland 13.4rjo,3tU 13. 3
Minneapolis 23.777.0SS 2fl.S
Detroit ¦. . lft.012.370 6.2
Louisville 10.fil9.45'J 5.7
Omaha S.77«i,0O3 8.3
Milwaukee 8.1H0.<!23 2.4
Providence 7,070,900 61.2
Buffalo «.fil6.117 1.8 ....
Indianapolis 6,782,503 15.3 ....
St. 1'aul O.4S5.010 4.4 ....
Loa Angeles 6,3«5.444 .7 ....
St. Joseph 4.83A283 3.0
Denver 4,S»(3,.S74 2.7
Columbus 4,741,200 1.2
Memphis ti,4t>4,15t$ 37.2 ....
Seattle 6,288,720 8.8
j Richmond 4.S30.492 11.8
Waph»<gton 4.400,14'J 3.8
I Savannah H.rdH.OOft 10.5
Albnny 3.7B2.645 1.3
Portland. Ore 6.720,211 'Si. 3
Fort Worth S. S01, 491
Toltdo. Ohio 3.K00, 4ia 15.9 ....
Salt Lake City... 3,156.900 7.5
I Pe.rla 3.14S.990 17.3
I Atlanta 4.2C0.U07 10.8 ....
Rochr-ster 3.178.415 18.7 ....
Hartford 2.SW.741 IS. 5
Nashville 2,010.024 21.0
Des Moines 2.300.S34 3.3
Spokane. 'Wash... 3,270,609 3.'{.1 ....
Tacoma 2, 0^7.018 50.4 '.
Grand Rapids 2.12fi.0.'<7 5.5
New Haven ],iU!i,i>t;e 11.5 . .
! Dayton 1, OS {.281 7.1
' Norfolk 2,in8,.S.!7 27.4 . .
i Springfield. Mass. 1.471.441 .2 ..'.;
! Worcester 1,448.904 3 1
'Portland. M« 1,747,5X50 8.2
Augusta, Oa 1, (MM, 620 3.7
Topt-ka 971,800 46.3
Sioux City 1.44.1.901 6.1
; Syracuse 1.2;!2,038 2.4
j F.vansville 1,243,006 S.5
' IMrminjrin'.m 1,340.078 30.0 ., '
Wilmlnnton, Del.. 1,018,154 .. «>i 8
Kr.uxville" 1,174,631 7.2
Davenpf-rt l.»2ft 0<iS 12 3
Little Ro.'k 1.C0.S.USS 10.0
1 WilkPsli.irre l,07« :JO4 9 2
Fall River ' flr»0.4fi<> sf.'.-j
Macon 833,047 .... *>02
Wheeling, W. Va... 751, S00 .... 18
Wichita.. 917,992
Akron 511,500 .... 35.4
Chattanooga S13,(!87 7 6
Springfield. 111. .. S.'.3.81« 2o'6
Kalam«zoo. Mich. fM«3.7ftS 28.9
Your.SPtown C02.223 1 C.3
Helena 5flfl,2;i5 .... 20.1
Lexington 498,107 .... 2*7
Fargo. N\ D. .. 718.100 .... 6,0
New Bedford .... 523,077 .... 47
Canton. Ohio 484,000 9)3
Jacksonville. Fla.. 950.357 25.8
Lowell 512,724 43
Chester. P* 464,5.11 • 12
Greensburg. Pa.... 42S.537 2.8
Rockford, III 561,790 18.3
BInghamton 456,800
Springfield. 0 395,411 fl.l
Bloomington, 111... 412.251 5.9
Quincy, 111 364,635 4,0 ....
filoux Falls. S.D... 394,fl.",4 10 1
Manrtirld. 0 208,449 i4'7
Decatur. Ill 2R4.14R 1.0
Jacksonville, 111... 237.100 31. n .'.;.
Frt-mont. Nebr 219,379 20.8 '.'.'.'.
•Houston 17,K.">2,0!)2 ... "i'7
•Oalveston 12,103.000 49
Charleston, S. C. 1,479,540 5.4 ;;-.;
Totals. U. S $2,456,539,424 26. 7 ..
Outside New York 897.025,006 4.1
CANADA. ""¦
Montreal I24.5CO.079 19.9 . .
Toronto » . . . . 20.81fi.S90 fl.1.3
Winnipeg .......... 5,949,073 28.9 ...]
Ottawa 2,077.025 8.3 ....
Halifax 1,030,50)) 15.0 ....
Quebec 1,008,538 28.5 ....
Vancouver. B. C. ... . 1,507,757 36. B
Hamilton 1,138.149 26.4 ....
London. Ont. ... 892,327 25.4' 1
Bt. John, N. B 1,040,004 15.5 i
Victoria. B. C 793,977 .... B.7
Totals. Canada ...$62,484,887 32.4
•Not Included in totals because containing !
other Items than clearings.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14. — Cotton futures opened '
steady. November. 9.93c: January, 10. Otic:
¦ February. 10.10c: March, 10.15c; April 10 17c
bid; May. 10,18c: June, 10.20c. bid: July
10 25c. • 1
Futures closed barely steady. October, 9.88c '<
November, 9.92c; December, 9.98c; January! !
10.05c; February. lO.CSe; March, 10.03c; April '
10.14c: May. 10.15c. ' I
Spot cloeed steady, 10 points decline. Mid- '
dllng uplands, 10.35c; ¦ middling guir, 10.60c
Sales, 1700 bales. . |
New York Grain and Produced . f- j
NEW YORK. Oct. 14.— FLOUR— Receipts, '
12,200 barrels; exports, £100 barrels; sales,
8800 packages; market steady with fair de
mand. '- ... \' " .
WHEAT — receipts, none; sales, 5200; Bpot, !
Btrong: No, 2 red, $116% t. o. b.; No. 1 !
Northern Duluth, $1 23& f. o. b. afloat; No." a '
hard r Manitoba, $1 07% t. o. b. afloat; options'
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
The following quotations are for good, sound'
Livestock delivered in San Franc!9CO\ less 4O®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7^fi7H f -: Cowa and Welt
ers, SHftrt'sc: thin Cows 4 l g5c per lb.
CALVES — »S4^c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wether*. 3Wt}3* 4 c; Ew«s, 3©3Vi»
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 5O^2 73 p»r head.
HOGS— Live Ho«ts>. 14O to 2t1O lbs. 4Se:
200 to 2SO lbs. 4%e; i:;o lbs and under.' 4Hcr
over 250 lbs, l l ;t": soft Hogs, not wantai;
Sows, 20 per rent off: Boars. SO per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRES^KD MEAT9.
"Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers,
are as follows:
BEEF— 54?7c for Steer* and 4®5o per - lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 6^@7V4c; tmall. 7«Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7Vic; Ewes. 6@7e per
pound.
LAMB— 8®9c per lb.
PORK — Drewed Hogs fi.JJSc per \bt
Supplies of Cattle. Sheep and Hoprs contlnnw
ample and tha market showa no change-.
3Ieat Market.
6 15; pigs 94 5OST5; bulk of Rales. $507Vj@
3 12H
SHEEP — Receipts. 5500. Steady. Western
yearlings, $3 <!3(S4; wethers, $. - : 40«f?:{ SO; ewes,
$.'tii.1 50: common and stockers, |2 50S3 75;
Iambs, |4 40©5 10.
SUMMARY Or THE MARKETS. 1
street stock* BCteral points lil^fi
cr and more active.
Ilatht'r more 1 ratlins in local securi
ties.
Silver advajic^ctl a^c. Ilxrlianjre weak.
luUow of sohl from .Taj tan continue*.
1%liea« inovrmi-nt becoming verj- ec
centric.
2iarle>, Oats and Rye unchanged.
torn flowing in from the West again.
Jiay and Feodsluffs as previously
ttuotod.
Ileans continue to advance more or
H*s*s rajjldly.
Potatoes and Onions firm and In good
demand.
Poultry market In good shape for
sellers. Game higher.
Wet weather restricts trading In fresh
Fruit>.
Fine KuUer, Cheese and Kggs still
lli£U.
Pn»visi<»ns uncliangcd, with business
fair.
Ut© and dressed Meats as previously
Quoted.
The War and the Bourses.
The effect of the current M^churian battle
pa the Lur^pean JK.ur»es yesterday was as fol
*L rant — Trading en the Bourse to-day
c.j*r.«J verj- dull, influenced by the reports of
r™ »!' al ] JTT*"*!; bul recovered and clo.e<l
lm » 1 * rlal •** were quoted at 93 »»
• nd HuFi-ian Ik.hcU of Vmh at 51S The private
rate of discount was 2*^354 P«r cent litr*
i.n— Tne tone on the Bouire in-day was weak
lL,T iT f .V defeat of the llu «ian army
south of Mukden. London-Japanese securi
ties on the .Stock Exchange benefited by Oya
''i* ,"o.i actor> ¦ lm * >eri « J Japanese securities «•
•*fier "*** QUOU ' d * l "S 1 *- Russians were
Wine Kxports in September.
The following shows the export* of Wine
irn«i pan Francisco by Pea in September. 1904:
. T °— Gallons. Cases. Value*.
New York 5*ot<.944 ... $306,2^7
JJr^land 17.7WI frf) 6 370
JIawaiian lfluci ... 4«,«u > <t 09 *»l'*l>>
J^-i* 11 «.:i5 ... 1,^7
*7» ln » 1.9*2 7 Wj
Jlexico ...: c,C30 66 3.040
«.«r.tra.l America 7,9<>S 32 3 674
3'ar.ama I.435 ... ' iSS
Colombia 2.C25 10 j .^
Ecuador 1,454 ... 73^
TfchiU i.r.90 ...
British C'flunibta 1.2Sfi 11 uj^
"¦ . - • :•-*.-? ¦ :-iK 1 . jjJo
•i-nnany 25fl ... 12) j
Kisrwhere S>i n 115
Totili 1.006.0C5 248 $347,657
In Eeptembfr. 1003, the exports mere 426.22*
railons and cases, valued at S14K.429. The
fhlorr.^nts to New York In that month were
• ' - «• : gallons «xd 1 case, valued .at $120,054
Stocks and Cotton.
The NVw York wires of E. F. Hutton & Co.
yeFtcrday «aid:
STOCKS— Diere were no remarkable dpvel
rpm^nts on the surface to-day to account for
the increase in activity and the renewal of
pfri'-rs.! Er,d pronounced buoyancy. The Bi»ecu
lation apjx-ared to rise like an elastic «ub
euince from which unnatural pressure has l«»en
removed. ThTe was not only a large Increase
In activity of various innu?nt!al ix)o!s. but
commission house business was increased. 'The
foreign interest in American eecurities Is con
sidered a fresh demonstration in the strtet of
recent bond issues, and th!» ha« been of In
ruence in encouraging home investment pur
chases. It begins to look like a bull mar
ket. Transactions of the day were 1 466 OOO
*!.ares. but they are not lar*e t-nough yet to
rrlptten any cne. Pretty much everything on
the list i* higher. Outelde buying is incrcas
lnp. but is BtiM of very mo-Jerate proportions.
It has all the finger marks of a persistent bull
market. In our judement the condition* justify
It and the«« conditions will becom<? more ac
oentuated «•« the d*r» no on. There is an
Think we «re jroins- into a bf<r stock market
nnd that ev»r.vthinr w-;U nell Msrher. :
COTTON— Trading In the cotton markK to- i
cay was largely a repetition of that of ye?- '
t<rday. The Uvtrj.ocl cables were better than
exr-ected. report ln«r almost a complete recovery
of an early decline of « to S points in futures,
tnd these were reinforced by cables from
Msnche»ter reporting a. much stronger market
Jor clcth and >arns, with a larger business
than inr mm- time at harden:r.p prices. Thlf
with the aold-out condition on the break Iat«
vtstertJay. induced a better class of nuyir.fr
«nd the short* took in a larp» amount of tholr
lines in the early trading. The market *how>
* tflFappointlrjr lack of snap. We are likely
tr> »itne«s a further draupinj? tendency to the
general market more than any immediate sharp
upturn. 1:: >f- the weather conditions change
for the worst, as the shorts are niv furnUli
ir.ir the principal support, the leading Lull in
terests b*in»r indispofed to force the issue with
them in view of the softening of the Southern
spots markets.
Hides. Tallow. Wool and Hods.
HIDES AND SKINS— Cull* and brands sell
about '-jWlc under quotations. Heavy aalted
Steers. 10 %c; medium. OSc; light. 9c: Cow
Hides 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stag?.
7c; Sailed Kip 10c; S&lted Teal, lie; Silted
Calf. ll%c: dry Hides. 16%'S17c: dry Kip. l.Tj*
14c; dry Calf 19c: Sheepskins ahearllsgs. 23.9
40c each; short Wool. 4<*8e5c each; medium.
75690c: long Wool, $lfl 60; Horse Hides,
•alt. $2 75 for large and $222 CO for medium.
$1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horsa
Hides, dry $1 75 for larga and $1 50 for me
dium. *1 ' for small and 6«c for Colt*.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c: Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large do.
$1 25; large 50c; medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALI^OW— No. 1 rendered, 4fJ4%c per lb;
No. 2 3%o : Crease. ili.'QZe.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. B@llc; Southern. 8<39e; Southern MV>un
tain »t»llc: Middle Counties. fr*e. l»«14c:
do. defective. 10i»12e; Northern fre«. 12©14c:
do. defective, 10<ei2c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. li'i/i.V per lb.
HOPS— 1901 crop. 2C®31c per lb.
CHICAGO Oct. 14.— Inability i>f domestic
flour mills to secure wheat suitable for grind-
Ing was thrt main cause of an advance of over
2 cents a bushfl in tho price of wheat options
hp r «» to-driy. A bic shortage In the French
crop added to the feeling of buoyancy. At the
close December wheat was up 2%c. May
closed with a tain of 2V&C. Corn Is up %».
Oats shuw a net gain of He. Provisions are
off 7l4@12Vic.
For the first hour sentiment In the wheat
pit was Inclined to weakness. At the opening
the December option was unchanged to V&Q
lower at $1 10 1 -! <3 1 10*»c. May was $40%e
lower to \*@Y\c higher at $1 10@l 10'^. The
easier undertone at the start was due to lower
cables and to liberal receipts in the Northwest.
On fair Mlllntr of May by eommlrsion houses
the market underwent a further recession, the
distant delivery declining to $1 00%. Decem
ber also reacted to ?1 "OTi- At the sam« time,
however, all outside markets exhibited decided
strength. The Influence of these higher prices
soon had an appreciable effect on trading here.
A nromlnent commission house was a heary
purchaser of the December option. The con
tinued buying by this concern was largely in
etrumental In starting active buying by the
pit crowd. The keynote to tne situation, how
ever, was apparently the great scarcity of
wheat for milling purposes. Reports from the
Northwest and Southwest were equally bullish
In that respect. On? mrsi'a&e from St. Louis
alleged an 'absolute wstrclty of milling wheat
there. A i«tatt.'ment from Minneapolis that two
<;f the biBKPst elevator companies will handle
or.lv 5<> to 70 per cent of the amount of wheat
stored last year formed a cement background
for the eeneral firmness. Another factor was
a report of a St. Ixniis trade Journal claiming
that exresflvo rains in the Southwest and
drouth conditions in the Northwest have de
layed seeding of winter wheat to some extent.
These bullish domestic advices were reinforced
by a report of the French Minister of Agri
culture aesresatirg a shortage of 737.00»»,OOi>
bunhelR In this year's crop of wheat a* com
pared with that of last year. Throughout the
latter part of the cession shorts were urgent
buyers, the December option being In greatest
favor. Prices advanced rapidly until Decem
ber sold at $1 13. May rallied to $1 12%.
The strength was well maintained. December
closing at $1 12 : ii. while final quotations on
May were at *1 12HC1 32%.
Clearances of wheat and Tour were equal to
37.300 bushels. Exports for the week as rtiown
by Urn<l»treet'« were, eijual to 1.. "557,001) -bush-,
els. Primary receipts were 1. 838,000 bushels.
compared with 1.235,7Cf> bis'ie.'* a year ago.
Minneapolis, Duluth and Chicago reported re
ceipts of t»2S car*, against l>27 cars last week.
Karly in the session th» corn market was In
clined, to weakness, mainly !n sympathy with
the eaMer tone of wheat. The market lacked
the support of the big houses that were active
buvors yesterday, an'l for the first hour trading
was rather quiet. The sharp advance in wheat
brought out a good dema.nd for corn from
Bliortf. nnd. the lesult was a strong market
late In the day. December or>eno»1 unchanged
to ma'4c lower at 40^«74!> I t c to 49%c. sold
off to 48'5ic. rallied to 30? 5 e and closed at
SO^ic Ijocal receipts were 67 cars, with one
of contract grade.
The governing factor in the oat. 1 " market was
the action of wheat and corn. Trading was
rather light owing to the heavy movement and
to the accumulation of stocks. After opening
lower at 28% c, December ranged between
2SUc and 29*4c. and closed at 29c. Local re
ceipts were 05 cars.
Selling of lard by a prominent packer was
the leading factor In the hog market. At the
close Januarv uork was down 12Vsc at
812 27%. Lard and ribs were each 7%c lower
at $7 17Vi ar.d $S 42Vj respectively.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
October 1 10 1 lt«4 1 10 1 Hit
December ... 1 10% 1 13 1 C;f)^ 1 12%
May 1 IO14 1 12V4 1 09% 1 12%
Corn No. 2 —
October Pl% 32»^ 51% 52V4
December ... 40'; 50Vi 48 T ,s 60ft
May 40 4HV» 45% 40
OatB No. 2 —
Octobor 297; 29«i 2S'«i 29 •¦»
December ... 2S% 2!>'<i 2S>? 20
May 31 31V 80% 31%
Mes? Perk ner lib! —
October 1<» NO 10 R14 lft 80 10 85
December ...11 00 11 00 10 95 11 00
January 12 40 12 40 12 25 12-27'i
May ...12 25 12 25 12 15 12 20
Lard mr 100 !bs—
October 7 25 7 25 7 22% 7 22%
l>ecember ... 7 2ft 7 2ft 7 12% 7 15%
January ... 7 22^i "25 7 15 7 15%
Hay 7 25 7 25 7 22% 7 22V»
Short Ribs per 100 lbs—
October 7 5ft 7 50 7 45 7 5ft
Jcruary •» 47*4 ?' &° Ml) 6 42ii
Jhj- « 57% 0 57% 6 50 6 62%
«.'a«h quotations were at follows:
Flour steady. No. 2 spring wheat. $1 12®
1 17; No. 3. *l€l 15; No. 2 red, $1 13%@1 17;
No. 2 corn. 53%c; No.. 2 yellow, 5C%c; No. 2
out*. 29%c; No. 2 white. 82c; No. 3 white,
3(J<a32e; No. 2 rye, 77%'l?78e; good feeding bar-
Uy, 3fic; fair to choice malting, 39«?4Sc: No.
1 flax seed, $1 11; No. 1 Northwestern, fl IS;
mess pork per bbl, $10 87%@11; lard per 100
lb«. %~ 22%©?7 25; Fhort ribs sides (loose).
$7 DO07 fl2«i: short clear sides (boxed), $7 50®
7 75; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 20%;
clover, contract grade, $12 25.
ArticlPs— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, l-arre'.s 22,800 30.400
Wheat, bushels 144,000 103,400
Corn, bushels ".; 115,500 405,800
Oats, bushels 190,000 504,700
Kye, bushelB lo.WK) ..- 1,400
Barley, bushels ." 150,000 80.700
Future Grnin and Provisions.
CHICAGO BOAKD OF TRADE.
Pro-visions.
There was no further change- to report yes
terday. . .
CUIIED MEATS— Bacon. HHe per Ib for
heavy, ll^c for light medhitn 14o for Ufht,
14'4c for «xtra light anil 17e for iuga»
eurvd: dry salt SldM. 1044c: Belli »«. 12c: '
Eastern suwr- cured - Hams. 14c; Call*'
fornia Hams. 134c; Mans Beef $10010 30 per
bbl: extra Mcci. $10 &*&n ; Family. *12©i2 SO;
prime llwj Pork. 914 50; extra. clear. 123:
Me»9 $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 10?ie; PI* Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c per lh.
LARD — Tierces quoted at OH" Per U> tot
California compound. 7o for Eastern compound
and IOVjC for pure; half-barrels, pure, 10*i<*;
10-lb Una. Win 5-lb tins. HSo; 3 lb tins.
COTTOL.ENB— One half barrel. 8Hc; Vu—>'
half barrels. S'ic; one tierce. «%e; two ttercea
8Uc; Uve tlerees. 8W.C per lb.
Almond* 16>317c for Nonpariala. 14Q14fy: for
I X L. 13314c for N« Plu« Ultra and Ho for
Languedoc: Peanuts. 09Tc for Eastern; Pe
cans. Hgl3c; Cocoanuts. $4 SOtffS; Chestnut*.
10© 15c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. HSt?13c toy whit* and lftj
lie for amber; water whits extracted. BU^
6c; light amber extracted. 5®5ijc; dark. i'§
4 He-
BEESWAX- 27O29o p«r lb.
NEW YORK, OctT 14. — The London tin mar
ket was ai?a.ln a shade higher, with spot clos
ing at £130 12s 6d and futures at £130. Lo
cally prices were firm and a little higher In
sympathy with spot, closing at $2S 37V4@28 50.
Copper was also highar In London, closing
at £M> 18s Jid for sp"t and £«0 2a Od for fu
tures. Locally copper was firm, but without
quotable change. I^ako is quoted at $13@13 25:
electrolytic, $12 87^@13 12Vi. and casting at
$12 75613.
Lead closed at £12 2s 6d in London and at
$4 2004 30 in the local market.
Spelter was a shade higher abroad, closing
at £23 in the London market, while It re
mained steady here at $5 15-35 20.
Iron closed at 50s 6d in Glasgow and 43s
7d In Mlddle-sbo.ro. Locally iron Is firm and
ur.char.eed. No! 1 foundry northern, $14 25ti>
It 76; No. 2 foundry northern, $14gl4 50; No.
1 foundry southern and No. 1 foundry south
ern soft. ?ia 75S14 23.
New York Metal Market.
0 * members Ot the New York
Balc^j Bid.| A B k.
' V-" i^k^*? E , x P ress - • i- • .~i!77TT!235~i240"
*2.C00Amalj Copper..., WV«i 82% *** 04Vi
:::::;: &%?? \ « i «> ih
! Ana Chicia | , 101 lo0
l.-W;Am cotton Oil.., a2 | 31 | ;il^ 31 Vi
loo, Uo pfd | 82|4 1,214, yii a ya
:Am lJUt Tel....|..... ..... 24 27
..^....iAm Kxprets 1 | 210 215
-.IW.Air. Gr Twine Co| 8*4 1 8 1 8 H%
£r«I *..>:::: ija .S!; &
i Al » Linseed j 2 v* 15
•;•.-• -l Uo Id 1 32 | 3S
I 10,TO ( Am Locomotive.! 30 2a>4 1»^4 2d>i
Do VJd »7?4 8^i'J7' 87^,
• 00, Am Mait & 4^j 424 c
3.»uyi Do pfd 22% 23' I 2a' 23^5
«.'*Am Em & HI Co C7H! *>«?4| «t>?i 67
l.OOOj Do pid 108W|lOS |1OS»» 109
I &>.&*>. Am Sugar |130H 1134*4 jlMT, 130
I 300: Do pid ; 135 1 134 fc 1 134 «^ 135
|Am Tel &. Tel Co| i 13S 139
!Am Tobacco pfd. 142 145
2,000;Am Woolen ....[ l«jv,| 154 lOft 17
«*wo, Do pfd 1 S>4. I S3^i S2M S3
KOo Anaconda ,101 «U 101 101*4
Ann Arbor ) L'S 32
! Do pfd 59 («
7.90o;A T & S F | 85 84 j 84 TJ 85
2.4oi>, Do pfd |itm; loo'i'ioi' ion;
43/JW, Bait & Ohio | IKJ^ 01%! «3&» »»•«
¦ ! Do pfd I ! 04 I 95
iBay State Uas..j 1 7-32! %
03,0O0[B R T j 6S'^ 649.1 67>4| G~%
;Bruok l_'n Gas.. i221 |224
lXA>,Iiruns D i 1 8 : 7%| S 9
500,Butterick Co 50»i[ 49 Wi 5O^i 61
200, Canada So | «J7 '-» ; «7'i' 07 (W
3,7oo,Caiiadiiin Pac. ...:132^b|131H 1^2^1132%
12,CK>0,C & O j 45 43&s! 44 ~-i ! U>i
I Do pfd i feO IS.",
2O0,C 4 E I pfd... 141 J140 130 145
|C I & L pfd ,1 I 80 85
ll.OOOC & G W I814 17 18 1SH
B»OJ Do pfd A 57 5« 56 58
5OU| Do pfd B 2» 2SH 2h% 2aU
2.2(>0C i N W lft(> 188 1S9S4 'lttO
1^,700,0 11 & St P 18» i 1*37 »4 1 lt»4»T ifitri J
100; Do pfd 184 1184 |18«5 |l8<~»
63.3OO, C R 1 & P (new) 30% I 28 3«>U 3o4s
| 13.&OO: Do pfd 73?* 72V» 74% T4T b
j Do 4s 76*4 77
ftCKVChicago Term... 8 7% 7% 8
8uO; Do pfd | 17>,4 16^ 17H, l^Li
200^1(0880 Un Tracl 7H| 7»i 7U 7^4
2<»0[C C C & St L..| S5»i 83 84Vi 85^
000 Do pfd illO 110 110 111
|Clev« Lor & W 62
Do pfd 85
6.CCOC0I0 Fuel & I... 3S 37>i 37^4 3S
I Do pfd 01 75
200CoIum H C & I. 12»4 12*4 l-'/i J2»4
7._M0;Colorado So 21 M, 2IM« 21 21 'i
2.100- Do 1st pfd .. .! 52% 61 62 62H
2.«i00| Do 2d pid 27 'I 27 27% 27«
2.1KV Consol Gas 213»« 212'4 212 212'i
1.2CN»Con Tob pfd ..|l21i 2 l24 121 125
S».l<HiCorn Products .. IS', 1,^1 IS lSi t
1.5tK»| Do pfd 74^ 741^ 7*>i 75
LS^VDel &. Hudron ... 173% 17.t 17.i% 17:5=54
iD L & W 1 283 200
POO'D & R G 28 28>.4J 2«% 2»V£
WH>| Do pfd K2',i! 81 » 4 82 82',i
WsO Pes M & Ft 1).. 24^. 24 24 25
r>00 Detroit I'n Ry .. 7O'. 4 70L. 7M 70-j
IDetroIi Po 34 4^4
400| Do pfd 7 7 6ii 7
fl.SO0 Distil Spcur ... 31 H 30-% 30>, 30%
!l->in !*prar bonds. ...... . 71 7H*
iDuluth S S & A 8 8H
I Do pfd 14V4 15
34.CKX) Erie 34% 32*, .TI>* n:i\i
400) Do 1st pfd ... 0!>'« 684,) C9H 69V4
600i I>o 2d pfd 47 Ti 40% j 47% 4S
|E & T H 5S 60
I Do pfd 75 85
Ft W & D C 43 48
Gen Chemical 48 55
j Do pfd MU i)7
2,4r<l.G<rn Electric ... 174%, 172>4 173*, 174'zi
;Gr<>at Xo pfd J101 1«2
rGrec-n Cons Cop I 20% 20 *i
I 'Havana Tub Co.. 28 28Vi
Do pfd S'% t.9
iHotking Val SO B2
600! 'Do pfd 8»V>| 8914 SB UO
2.wxi'linnoig Central . 145 *!144^ 144*, 144%
K.MKIIlnt^r Paper I^H! I8I-4I 1!»H 13>g
2.400 Do pfd "SV4 7«V4' 77*. 78
l.fMiO rnt«>r Power «;«.?«- «7U 66, 68
«!«»•¦ Inter J'ump 36 1 'M .15 37
1«X>! Do pfd | KO I SO Rl» 80*4
JHiO'lowa Ontral ... 2«;>i 25«4 23% 2<1H
200 Do pfd 47 47 4«M, i(\%
IKar.awha &Mich 34V- 83 U
4(iO'KC FtS & Mpfd 7[<v,| TSVi ~*\l 1K\i
4Wt:Kans City So ..) 2*;->i,i 25 2«^i 27
].4<iO< D<> pfd I 50«i! 48«', 5O»-4 501,
&*< Keokuk & Des Ml Ifl%i 13*4 IS IB
jLadede Gaw pfdi SO 100
WiOLake K & West J 33 32 S 32 «i 34
I I>o pfd 1 n.'i 10.1
GOO'.Loni Island ...I 5"'-i| 57 I 50 5ti'j
22.500] L & N ll.10 T 4'12St4fi30-H 13094
3.S00 Manhattan !158%I157 H58»4il58H
! ! Manhattan B...| , 0»il 10V4
-..»*> hift Securities .1 K>%'- S44 85 ' I SSU
3i.mX)-M<'t Bt Ry il23i4 J12214 122=»4 122'i,
8.1W;Mexican Central! 14*41 14 14%l 14»4
500'Minn & St !>...! 57V*f 56 ">« 57
I l»o 1st pfd...| 1 92 <J«<
2.2"0 M Pt P & S S il ! 8214! 82 82V-i S.S
2.200; Do pM 134 »4 134 133% V.HUj
8.700 Uo Kan A Tex. I 2H^j 2SV4I 28V, 28%
4.1<X»; Do pfd ! h'K\ 57 57»s r.774
24. 100' Missouri Pac . . .ilWii!lfKH4|ini% 10H4
4<H> Xafh C & St L.I134 113.1 134 135
u.»^«> National Lead ..' 23%! 24U.! 24*4 25
200: Do pM 88 y5V.i »5Vi 87«i
jXat R R of Mexi I H»i^ 2O'/t
Do pfd I S»% 40
7C0;Nat Hipcuit ... 49«4! 4S% 49 49>4
i'Do pfd • '100% 1JO%
100N J Cent [l82%ll82H|182V4 184
W01N T Air B |134U|1S4 134 134"^
S.7fM» N* Y Central... I134H 1132 133 133%,
600|N T C 4 St L..| 34»4; 33»4 3294 34
Do m pfd no Iks
Do 2d pf d ... 1 I «VS I C>\
N r Dock 1 1 14 17
N V N H & H.| 1 193 Ilft4
3.7W) N Y Ont & W...I 35»il r.o'i] 33S SS%
8.7()«;NorfcIk 4- West.! 73 ! 71*41 "-'/it\ 73
! Do pfd ! 90 ! 03
iNorth Amer 02 ! !)4'i
5.500 Northern Secur.iH4»i 113% 114%!114?i
-Omaha ! I 1140 |1W>
I Do pfd I |1S5 190
iO S L 4s I OSSJ 90
400 Pacific Coast ... <S 68 I 87 (2)
Do ! Ft pfd ftS 1 105
: Do 2d pfJ 70 77^i
B.2C0 Pacific Mail "H'V. "7'ai 37% 3S
IKi/jw Ptr.n R R Co.. 1?.5%| i. ".::!&! 1:^4 135%
31 VM I'eoplP's Oas ... 1(*tfe!l<C>U 10>ivi< 107
tOOOIP C C Mr. St L.. 77» j 73',*' 7C 77
2Ofi| Do pid .".V.T. 1O4"4!1O*?4 ilO4>4 103
11.700 Prewd St C. . . 41^! 69ft 41 >« | 41«i
4 0<n.>! IX> pfd B3H S.{ ! S3 I 83 H,
4(iO ! Pullman Car Co!2:il I23D |2".O i232
5.000 ; Ry Steel S Co.. I 27%j 25 [ 20% 2U%
400! Do pfd j S4%f R4* 84^! 85
t5.WK> : Reading: i 73 j 71%, 72% 72%
i»K>! Da let pfd ...! 88% 8H«4 S<;i.jl.8«*4
Rr»o: Do 2d pfd ...I 7»T*| 79 7r»H| SO
l.r/iOiRepubllc S & I.I 12 ! 11% llTij 12
2.RWi Do pM 4 62^1 S2 51 % 52
4,!»00 ! Rubbcr Goods ..I 1U%< 2* | 23UJ 24
j Do pfd I....' I STi 87
2900:s1obs J? S & I OoJ-4*«/i! 4314] -»*H **%
600! Do pfd 1 91 90 91 95
iSt J & G I 10 17
1 Do ls>t pfd ...K./ 52 64
I Do Id pfd - - . i 27 27»i
Bt L * gFpffl.! 70 75
2.500' Do 2d pfd «2'4! «1% «2 fi2«4
l^%W>;st L & S W : . 22341.22N 22'4 22%
9.700; Do pfd ' 5f>4 4t»% M)i<i 50^
C5 700 Southern Pacific 60V,! 5!) 60 00^
i Do pfd 1 1 1115% 116
C2.700^Southern Ry ....I .':4>i! SSU S4% ?.iV A
l.««0' Do pfd I J»4»il fl3»4! 0»i,4 {>t«,,
(Htar.dard Oil j 043 [C45
IPtand R & T....J 1'.'.) 1*4
10.700'Tenn Coal & Iron! 54^1 C2V4 54% 54%
iTex P L T C0...1, 132 34 H
6,W0ITexas Pacific ...I 33%| 33%! ¦'W4 :«%
400Thlrd Ave !iifl%!l29 IW14 ISO
(Toledo R & T Col 33 34
SOfi'Tol SI L * W..I 31Vj 31>i| 31 31%
300| T>° P fd ' r ' n^ 1 r ' 01 a' 5<1Vl ¦ v>a i
4WTifln City R T. 103li!l02U.|103H lajy^
SOOpL'nion Bag & P.. OV.I fi»il -\i s
S4,000!Union Pacific ... 10G%ll0SUJl06%il06%
3001 Do Dfd ! 94V4I 94HI f»4Vn 94%
in P Conv 4i I I H09»/»il0fl»i
... It'nlted Copper ..I. .;-..! I 5 7
iUnit Rd» of S Fl I j 12tt U%
200! no pfd I 57 5C%i 57 57Vt
ill R of S F 4« I I 83 S3'A
1.700JU S Cast I P.. ..I 14Tfej 13^1 14 14%
2 $00! Do pfd 04 I «2 i 63%( 03%
lOOltf S Expree« 117mil7V4!117«/ill20
9,000;U S Leather .. 11»4 11% 11 V, 11%
9 200j Do pfd 90 Sfl% 80% 90
5|3OO'U S Rubber r.oy t \ 2fl% 29% 30
nool Do pfd 85 I 85 ,84 85
l(tt.400'U S Steel Cor .. 2OH| 1914 20% 20^4
llfi.SOOt Do Pfd 79W| 7S- .-79% 79%
3 900'Va-Car Chem Co. Ml I 35% 35% 36
3*000! D» pfd IOSUilO7% JO7»4 108
2'l00iWabash 20%! 20%) 20% 20%
3.C00! Do pM 42*4 42 t «H 42%
IWabaeh Deb Bs . .....1 65% 60
lOOlWe'.lr-Farpo Ex. 240 1240 240 245
l.OOOlWestern Union .. 92HI 91% 92. 92% ,
2.900 WestinrnouM .... 16S>4llC7 167 168
I Do let pfd 1 185 190
700 W & L E I 18 |17% 17% 18
Do 1st pfd 44 45
Do 2d pfd 25% 26
4,000 Wisconsin Cen .. 22^ 21 21% 21%
LIOOJ DO pf« M 45% 45% 43%
1,850,100 total shares eold.
New York Bonds. '
U S ref 2s reg..lO4% L & N unified 4».101H
Do coupon 104% Man con rold 4b.1O5V4
Do 8s rep lW-i Mex Central 4b... 71
Do coupon..... 105U I Do 1st lnc 18%
Do new 4a rer.130%1 Minn & St L.4»: 04%
FISH. PER POUND—
Barracouta — S?15| Rockcod — 015
Carp 10fH2W!?fa Bass — @!5
Catfish — «J12u; Smelts — ©15
CodflKh — G12H|Bolefl 10-S1S
Flounders lfxfr — | Skates, each 10ffii5
Halibut 150— (Squid —©10
Herring s«iojTomcod 104?—
Mackprel 15<i— I Turbot 20«—
Do horse . ..12Vi'S— I Trout — «7.">
Rockfiah — <ftl2V4! Whltefis>h lfl«? —
Salmon, fresh .*.— & — ! Clams, gallon . .0<K? —
Do smoked ... — W"3| Do hardshell, lb StfMrt
Sardines — ** — I Crawfish v*t lbl2H«15
Shad 10.?? — |Crab« earn — (ft —
Striked Rass .. ,l.V*2n! Mussels, lb lSUffi-l
Perch -....10«r— | Oysters Cal. 100.4(var ( 0
Pomplno 60(«?73! Do EastPrn. fli/Milf ift
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, doz. 30@50i Leeks, dz bunch.15^20
Beets, dozen 10<g>— | Mushrooms, lb..40^€0
Beans, white lb. 5Q> — [Onions per Ih .. — 9 '1
Colored, per lb. 5© — I Okra, dried. lb..2<><& —
Dried Lima. lb. 5<a «! Do green, lb. . f"& —
Green Lima — ©• 8! Potatoes, per lb. lC«2
Cabbage each .. 5®li!i Parsnips, per <\%.15#CH)
Celery, head ... r»@iO' Radishes. d z bch. 15620
Cress, dz bunch. IS® — ! Esge, dx bnches.25!3> —
Cucumbers, doz. lC-alill String Beans, lb. G@ 9
Garlic *Vfi SI Summer Squash.
Green Peppers.lb MHO! per lb — 9 5
Dried Peppers . .10iS|20| Sprouts, per lb. . — #i> fl
Erg Plant, lb 4© 6i Pplnach per lb. — @ 5
Green Peas. lb.. SfriO! Pweet Potatoes.lb — i^2
Green Corn: ! Thyme, dz bncha.25<S3<>
Choice, doz ...2r.<?.ir>! Turnips, per doz. — (315
Do common . .15«J2O| Tomatoes, lb 3© 5
Lettuce, per dox.l")«J30; .
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears, ea.20@2ri! Nutmeg Melonf.ea. 5*510
Almonds 15«j20- Oranges, doz SOfSf.O
Apples ifv 8 'Peaches lb 8@10
Chestnuts, lb . .16®20! Plums 'lb JsaiO
Cranberries, qt. .10® 15! Pears. "lb 4® 8
Cantaloupes, ea..lO$15l Pineapples, each. 50^60
Pecans —0201 Pomegranate* dz.30850
Brazil Nuts 20®— | Persimmons, doa.— @5i>
Bananas, doz . .2ri©35' Quinces 3® 3
Cocoanuts. each.— «10' Raisins lb 10@15
Figs, dried, lb. . C@10j Raspberries, per *
Do, fresh. lb..— drawer 25050
Grape Fruit doz.$l 50! Strawberries.
Grapes lb 'Ml fil per drawer ...25tJ75
Hcklebrries, Ibl2*4<f?19! Walnuts, per ib.150-.'"
lemons, doz 2»><fi.'W Watermelons. ea.logliO
Limes, doz 10(915!
MEATS. PER POUND—
Roast Beef: i | Mutton Chops ..—©15
Choice cuts... 1562.0! Pork Chops — @15
Do plain lOftluyj) Veal Cutlets 15018
Roast Veal . .12Vfc@15' Corned Beef — © 8
Roast Pork . .12»£@15 Beef Stew 8®10
Foreqtr Lamb.— @12% Mutton Stew ... 6© 8
Hlndqtr Lamb...— @1"> Veal Stew 1G312V4
Foreqtr Mutton.. SS10 Soup Meat 5010
Leg Mutton — <glO Soup Bonea 49 —
Tndrloin Steak.l24©15 Hams U>@18
Portrhse Steak. .18©20 Bacon 15^20
Sirloin 8teak.. 12^16; Pork Sausage. .12^015
Round Steak.. 10fll2Vi Chipped Beef ..20@—
Lamb Chops . ..15<f20|Lard 12%©—
Early summer Fruits are becoming scarce
and several varieties are selling at higher
prices. Blackberries have disappeared alto
gether and Raspberries will soon be out of the
market. Otherwise there is very little change
to report. English and common Snipe are
added to the list of Game and the season for
Wild Ducks opf-ns to-day.
COAL. PER TON —
Wellington .$ — @10 00 New
Seattle $— ® 8 60 Wellington $—©10 00
Roslyn |— © 9 00 Wellington
Richmond ..$— @ 8 50 Nut $— © 8 00
Coos Bay . .$ — @ 7 60
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice,sq.5<i@t>0' Eggs, per dozen:
'Do good ...... 4Oi?43| Ranch 40@4.'.
Do packed, lb. 27 H®:Jt> Storage — ©35
Cheese, Cal ..12H@15| Eastern — ®W
Cheese, Eastern.204i25| Honey, comb, lb.l5@J0
Cheese. Swiss ..25®35! Do extracted .. 8®10
POULTRY AND GAME —
Hens. larg«?, ea.65S00| Goslings ....'..$1 75©2
Do small . ...50® t>0< Pigeons, pair .. — <»5O
Young Roosters | Squabs, per pair.50@fiu
each 75ct?$ll.Wild Doves. dox.$l 50
Old Roosters, ea.."0>>i;,">I Gray Geese, ea..»J0@75
Friers, each . .50fr6u1 Rabbits, each ..20tf25
Broilers, each... 40@50J Hare each ...•..— ©25
Turkeys, per Ib.27©30| English Snipe, da — @$5
Ducks, each ...65c«g$l Common do, dz.— ©|3
Geese, each..— @$1 5o[
Family Retail Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market to
day Is easy with outeldo futures rather ex
treme. Common. 4®4Hc: _ prime, 4%@5c;
choice. 5H*»6c; fancy, fiVj^'c.
PRUNES — Show no chanse from the condi
tions recently reported with prices ranging
from 2c to 5>£c.
APRTCOTS — Are firm, but are attracting
only a moderate demand; choice. O^c; extra
choice, 10l4f510Hc; fancy, ll@13c.
PEACHE6 — Are alk> firm, with business
limited by the small offerings; choice are held
at 8>-'i<g'3" I 4c; extra choice. 8?4<S»c: fancy.
9tf@10c.
COFFEB— The market for coffee futures
closed at 5^10 points lower. Sales were about
48,750 bags, Including: December, 6.60<3#.63c:
January. 6.7Cc; March. ¦ 6.85@6.9Oc; May, 1&
7.10c; July, 7.23c; September, 7.S0@7.40c. Spot
Rio. quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 8-%c; mild, quiet.
• SUGAR — Raw, quiet; fair 5 refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 4\i<s; molasses sugar.
3%c; refined, quiet; crushed, 5.75c: powdered,
5.15c; granulated, 5.05c.
BUTTER— Firm ; street price, creamery. 200
24c; official prices, creamery, common to extra,
lSO20%c; State dairj'. common to extra, 139
10%c' • "
CHEESE— Unchanged. .
EGOS — Unchanged. . ,"''"
DRIED FRUITS.
opened %c higher, eased off a trifle and then
advanced about 2^ic, chiefly on' covering-, fol
lowinc reports of frosts in the Argentine and
& continued large milling, demand all over the
country, closed strong at 2@2^o net rise.
Sales included: No. 2 red May at $1 11*4®
1 13%, closed ?1 18%; December, $1 U%^§
1 16%, closed $1 1611-18.
HOPS— Firm..
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEU M— Quiet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1004.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
FRIDAY. Oct. 14—2 p. m. •
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| ' .. Bid. Ask
4s qr ce/up..l06%106 T ,»i4s V cp new. 131 ft 132 »;'
STOCK AND BON1> EXCHANGE.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
..AUCTION SALE..
W> HEAD TROTTING-BRED HORSES.
TUESDAY EVENING. OCT. 13. 1904.'.*.
At 7:45 o'clock.
AT 1732 MARKET ST.. Cor. VAN NESS AVE.
Consignments from the estate of Jesee I>.
Carr. Salinas; Hon. W; A. Shippee, Nelson;
K. CGrady, San Mateo, and A. P. B»k«r.
San Jose.
CONSISTING OF
Mares. Geldings. Cort* and Fillies, by Haw-
thorne, Dictatu* Willie*. Hart Boswell. Boodle.
Boodle Jr., Dictatus Medium and other good
sires, and out of high-class mares. On aun*
evening: we will sell a number of two and
three year old draft colts; good Individuals-
Send for Catalogue.
Horses at yard October 13.
FRED H. CHASE * CO .
Livestock Auctioneer*.
AUCTION !
At DANVILLE. Contra Costa Co., C*L,
October 17. at 1 Cf Clock p.m.. ¦
Of 15 Head of WORKHORSES,
COMPLETE OUTFIT OF FARMINO IM-
PLEMENTS. WAGONst. HARNE$SE3 and
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE— aU new,
WILL BE BOLD BY
L V. BTTTTOy.CHICAGO, Oct. 14. — M. Ben Singer,
president of the Brunswick-Balke-Col
lender Company, died to-day.
Company President Passes Away.
STOCKTON. Oct. 14. — Colonel H. C.
Shaw, a pioneer hardware man and
plow manufacturer, passed away at his
home to-day at the age of 71 years.
The deceased was a leading business
man and well known in this section of
the country. He was a prominent Ma
son and was also a member of Stock
ton Lodge of Elks and an Exempt
Fireman. A widow survives him.
Pioneer of Stockton Dies.
A testimonial concert was given
Richard A. Lucchesi last evening by
the Pianistic Club at the United Crafts
and Arts building, 147 Presidio (for
merly Central) avenue. The hand
some rooms of the building, which
were placed at the club's disposal by
Dr. O. N. Orlow, were crowded with a
representative audience and Lucchesi
may well have been proud to view
from his music stand so many admir
ers and musical followers. The pro
gramme was brimful of gems and the
amateur players, whether in solo or
ensemble, distinguished themselves.
Miss Christine Labarraque sang as
sweetly as a bird in the meadows Mas
senet's exquisite, "Pleurez raes yeux,"
one of the daintiest things of tha even
ing. Mrs. Lizzie Chamot played Men
delssohn's "Capriccio Brilliant" (Op.
22) with splendid judgment and con
summate skill, and a string orchestra
added not a little to the effectiveness
of her artistic work.
Class Programme.
chesl and Presents a High-
Pianistic Club Honors Richard A. L.nc-
GRAND CONCERT TENDERED
DISTINGUISHED MUSICIAN
wife at the Marlborough, Miss L. C.
Hanlon at the Wolcott, C. H. Mark
ham at the Holland, Mrs. F. A. Mul
ler at the Union Square, Mrs. H. W.
Seale at the Wolcott, Mrs. F. Zelig at
the Grenoble.
From Los Angeles — Mrs. Fletcher at
the Herald Square, H. T. Hazard and
wife at the Astor House, Dr. E. Welch
at the Grand Union, Miss D. Burks
and L. E. Green and wife at the Bel
mont, D. Madean at the Hotel Em
pire, C. Morgan and wife at the Belle
Claire.
From San Jose — V. McArthur at the
Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— The follow
ing Californians arrived here to-day:
From Francisco — E. E. Home, H. B
Larzelere, A. Mayer and J. C. Ryar
at the Hotel Imperial, A. H. Merrit
at the Hotel Victoria, M. L. Pancoas:
and wife at the Grand Union, M. W
Rosenhine at the Hoffman, Miss.Tib
betts at the St. Denis, W. Cohen at th«
Herald Square, Mrs. R. E. Dargee ai
the Murray Hill, Miss J. B. Hayes, Mrs
H. A. Hpgan and Miss M. Hogan ai
the Hotel Bristol, Dr. C. A. Nahl at
the Marlborough, Colonel J. Stevenson
and wife, at the Bristol, Mrs. E.. L.
Baker -at the Earlington. W. C. Foy,
J. ¦ W. Schouten : and H. Taylor at the
Broadway Central, J. D. French and
Callfornlans in New York.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14. — The fol
lowing Californians arrived here to
day:
At the Raleigh — William H. Vincent
of San Francisco, A. McMillen and
wife of Oakland. F. S. Montgomery
and wife of San Jose and M. Nichol
of Samoa, Cal. At the National —
McKee Sherrard and Hamilton Mur
dock of. San Francisco. At the New
Willard— Mr. and Mrs. Robert Greer,
Henry Kowalsky, Mr. and Mrs. S. M.
Marx, August H. Muller and wife,
Charles J. Heggerty. and wife, Mrs.
George A. Knight, Lyman D. Foster
wife and son: Howard C. Homer and
wife, Mrs. Caroline "Huffman, George
W. Hooper and wifeV'.Mrs. H. L. Van
Bergess,' C. S. Wright and Frank M
Hall of San Francisco. '
Callforninns in Washington.
BENEFIT FOR ST. VINCENTS SCHOOL.
The AJhambra Theater will be the scene of a
Brand vaudeville entertainment on Wednesday
•venlnr. November 16, to be given under the
aurptceg of St. Vincent's Alumnae. Excellent
professional talent has been engaged for the
benefit of St. Vincent's School, which Is con
ducted by the Sisters of Charity. Tickets for
sale by Benjamin Curtaz & Son, 16 OFarrell
Etreet.
When your liver Is inactive, when you
are dull and drowsy by day and restless
at night, take Lash's Bitters. •
Three prisoners were sentenced by
Judge Cook yesterday. Noah War
rick, a soldier, convicted of assault
with a deadly weapon for stabbing
George H. Woodward on July 14 was
sentenced to pay a fine of $350 with
tho alternative of six months in the
County Jail. A. R. Bratton, a soldier,
who pleaded guilty to forging the
name of Horace T. Rutherford, a
comrade, to a check for $25, was sen
tenced to serve three years in San
Quentln. Walter Jenkins, convicted of
assault to rob committed upon Young
Sing, a Chinese, in Union Square Park
on July 17 was sentenced to serve ten
years in Folsom penitentiary. Judge
Lawlor sentenced Jules Le Mai, a sailor,
convicted of stabbing Francois Coch
ard at 17 Jackson street on August
14 to serve twenty-two months in the
County Jail.
Prisoners Are Sentenced.
"We don't sell all the best suit cases
and bags, but all the suit cases and bags
w» do sell are the best; same with
trunks, pocketbooks and wrist bags: all
lettered in gold free of charge. Sanborn.
Vail & Co. •
Dress Suit Cases and Bags.
Leopold Wallack, a New York law
yer, and his wife arrived yesterday
from the East and are at the St. Fran
cis.
Richard C. Jones, the well known
lumber merchant, leaves next week
for an extended trip through the East
ern States.
Hervey Lindley, formerly of Los An
geles but now operating a railroad and
lumber mill on the Klamath River, is
at the Palace.
Murray M. Harris, formerly engaged
in the manufacture of organs in Los
Angeles and now devoting his atten
tion to mining, is at the Grand.
Keith Spalding, son of the famous
sporting goods manufacturer and base
ball magnate, arrived at the St. Fran
cis yesterday from San Diego, where he
is now living.
M. S. Mullen, assistant manager of
the Palace, and his wife and grand
son leave to-day for the East, where
they expect to remain for a month.
Their plans include a visit to the St.
Louis Exposition, Boston, New York
and other large cities. On their home
ward Journey they will stop over at
the Grand Canyon. O
C. D. Daly, a merchant of Eureka, Is
at the Grand. *
Captain W. T. Forman of Colusa is
at the Grand.
Dr. Plumb Brown of Springfield,
Mass., is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. M. S. Ayrea of New
York are at the St. Francis.
H. D. Langille of "Washington, D. C,
arrived at the Grand yesterday.
C. E. Horton, proprietor of a ho
tel at Loyalton, is at the Grand.
Robert Hayes Smith and I. L. Bryner,
Coallnga oil men, are at the Grand.
R. H. Rickey of Carson City, who Is
Interested in Nevada mining, is regis
tered at the Palace.
Colonel A. B.- Hotchkiss, a Los An
geles attorney, is among the latest ar
rivals a.t the Grand.
PERSONAL
The mystery surrounding the disap
pearance of Miss Bertha Ebert still
remains unsolved. Dr. Petrie Hoyle,
who is referred to in the telegram
sent to the missing girl by her sister,
Sophie Ebert, from Bay City, Mich.,
can throw but little light upon the
subject. He says he is the manager
and resident physician of the Occi-
Orlent Medicine Company, with, offices
in the Starr King building. He states
that Miss Ebert began working for
them earlv in June. She left their
employ on October 4, giving as a
reason that she was offered a better
position. That was the last they
heard of her.
Dr. Hovle scouts the idea of suicide.
He says that when she left their em
ploy she had $50. As to her where
abouts he was absolutely at a loss to
offer any solution. Further than that
he knew nothing.
Dr. Petrie Iloyle Can Throw No Light
on Disappearance of Miss
Bertha Ebert,
WIIEREABOUTS OF MISSING
GIRLi IS STIL.L. UNSOLVED
Trachoma is granulated Eyelids. Mu
rine Eye Remedy cures this and other
Eye troubles, makes weak Eyes strong. •
SUES FOR DAMAGES.— Henry Van Erke
lena yesterday sued Charles A, Blum* for $15^
000 damage* for Injuries alleged to have~"be«n
sustained on September 8 while the plaintiff
was placing metal girders on the sixth floor of
a new building on Sixth street. nea> Market.
A rope broke, causing Van Erkelens to fall to
the fourth floor. His left leg was fractured
and he was otherwise in'ured.
Gertrude Fleming, a San Francisco
girl, who is only 11 years of age and
who has a soprano voice that ranges to
high E. and is also an accomplished
pianist, will give a concert at Steinway
Hall next Tuesday evening at the re
quest of many friends. Her pianistic
numbers will include works of Beeth
oven, Bach, Chopin, Mendelssohn,
Schumann and other classical com
posers. She will sing: Gounod's "Au
Prlntemps." Pinsuti's "The Last
Watch" and the beautiful Bach-Gounod
"Ave Maria," with a violin obllgato by
Charles Foley.
1 CLEVER LITTLE GIRL "WHO WILL
SING AND PLAY WORKS OF
THE MASTERS.
In rendering his decision on the Du
ran accusation the Judge said, in part:
It is in»i?ted by the complainant that to
•ci 5n «cfss of thf authority of an office is
to refuse or nerl**ct to perform thp official
duties pertaining to tbe office. This does not
elate * proper rule of construction. It Is not
to be assumed that the legislature In adopt
ing saSd section 772 Intended thereby that a.
public officer showing diligence and actinK in
rood faith •would be liable to remoral from
effloe and pay a fine and corts by way of pun.
lsfcrceEt merely because he may exhibit an
urdue zeal or act erroneo-aslj in tbe discharge
of Ms duties. In the effort to correctly In
terpret the provision under consideration no
strained or artificial construction should be
ravored with the resalt that lauda.ble teal on
the part of public officers should in ±r.y man
ner be discouraged and a premium rlared on
indifference to the proper clium* Jf public
duty. It Is the view of the «Hirt that the
«f>cnsatlon does not state a case within the
xneacln* of tbe F.-Jd section n2.
Attorney Collins took an exception to
the Judge's ruling and intimated that
he would apply to the Supreme Court
for a writ of mandamus to compel the
Jud?e to hear the merits of the case.
Collins has also laid the matter before
the Grand Jury, under section 759 of
the Penal Cnde, which authorizes tbe
Orar.d Jury to present for removal
from office any officer guilty of ¦willful
or corrupt misconduct in office. Pro
ceedings under this section involve the
finding of an indictment and the prose
cution of the charge by the District
Attorney before a Jury In the Superior
Court.
Police Commissioner H. W. Hutton.
'"special chief of police for 1129 Dupont
street," scored a point before Judge
Lawlor yesterday in winning his de
murrer to the accusation of Mary Du
ran, who seeks to remove him from
office unflpr s«n:tion 772 of the Penal
Code. Judpre Lawlor granted the mo
tion to dismiss. Then a petition was
filed with Judge lawlor for a writ of
mandamiis to compel Mayor Schmitz
to forthwith appoint a successor to
hold the office of Police Commissioner
"heretofore occupied by Hutton. and
now made vacant by virtue of section
10, article 16 of the charter, Hutton
having been convicted and sentenced
by Judge Cook for contempt of court in
violating the injurction restraining the
police from interfering with the res
taurant business of Jean Pon." The
petition Is signed by Peter Rubino and
¦was fJed by Attorney George D. Col
lins. The Judge granted an alterna
tive v.-rit and made it returnable before
himself next Tuesday morning.
Petition for Writ of Man
damus to Compel the Mayor
to Take Action Filed
Joe Mulhatton, who was arrested for
stealing a tattered coat and leaving
his own worthless garment in its place,
was discharged by Judge Mogan. The
man's conduct indicated Insanity; but
the Lunacy Commissioners declined to
examine' him because no formal com
plaint had been filed with them.
Friends of the unfortunate fellow will
send him to relatives in Washington,,
D. C.
Mrs. Nellie Kelly and Mrs. Julia Mc-
Carthy, sisters, denied that they dis
turbed the peace of their neighbors,
Mr. and Mrs. Augusto Menclno of 32
Pixley avenue. The defendants were
attired in severe black and so modest
was their demeanor as they stood be
fore Judge Mogan that it was difficult
to believe them guilty as charged by
the complainants. Mr. Mencino aver
red that the sisters frequently got
drunk and while in that condition
amused themselves by berating Mrs.
Mencino, calling her a "dirty dago"
and other names even more Insulting.
Mrs. Mencino would probably have tes
tified to the same effect if she had been
able to speak English or if there had
been an Interpreter to translate her
testimony. As the defendants stoutly
pleaded innocence of any offense and
emphatically promised to abstain from
offending the Mencinos in future they
were discharged from custody. .
• * •
A similar term of imprisonment was
prescribed for Ella Magreany, middle
aged and tattered, who ran away from
Patrolman Nelson when he attempted
to arrest her for vagrancy on lower
Jackson street. So swiftly did she
sprint that the officer, who is something
of a track athlete, was about to re
linquish his pursuit as hopeless when
she indiscreetly bolted into a restau
rant that happened to have no rear
exit. She was found concealed in the
kitchen.
• ,- • •
Mogan was Ingenious, but unsuccess
ful.
"I am troubled with heart weakness,"
she said, "and my physician instructed
me to stimulate the action of the af
fected organ by drinking whisky when
ever I felt an attack coming on. That's
how I happened to beg a drink In those
three saloons."
Then the policeman testified that the
defendant was an old offender and was
intoxicated when he arrested her. The
Judge sentenced her to three months'
imprisonment.
Mary Kenny had been forcibly
ejected from three different wet jjoods
emporiums ere she was arrested at
Fifth and Mission streets by Patrolman
J. L.. Murphy and her plea before Judge
• • *
Frank Ariota, employed by the West
ern Fish Company, was convicted of
having offered for sale a silver bass
which did not exceed a quarter of a
pound weight, whereas the legal mini
mum Is three pounds. After the de
fendant had tried to explain how great
ly fishes shrink after they have been
subjected to atmospheric influence he
was fined $50.
Bradford D. Schell, a furniture deal
er, was intoxicated when he appeared
for trial before Judge Mogan on the
charge of having disturbed the peace of
his wife and her sister, Mrs. Charles
White, and his Honor instructed the
bailiff to take him into custody for
drunkenness In a public place. The de
fendant's wife testified he made her
life so miserable that she left him and
instituted proceedings for divorce, and
that since then he had occasionally vis
ited the home of her brother-in-law,
1216 Mission street, and bullied and
threatened her. He will be sentenced
to-day for both offenses.
John Johnson, able seaman, has been
two months without a ship, and dur
ing that period his sober hours have
been a minority. /)ne of his drunken
pranks was to ring the doorbell of the
Sailors' Home and then run away, and
it was for this offense that he was ar
rested last Thursday night by Patrol
man Sandman and charged with va
grancy. Sentence postponed.
• • •
Emile Ravezzinl and Otto Musatti,
12-year-olds, were arrested at 9:30
o'clock Thursday evening as they lay
upon the roof of 524 Green street and
with an air gun popped bullets through
the windows of 533 Green street. The
occupant of No. 533, an Italian gentle
man, had squirted seltzer water on the
boys while they were playing at his
doorway, and it was to "get even" that
they perforated his windows. Judge
Mogan will sentence them for disturb
ing the peace.
Frank Snowden and William Schemil
flnie, 16-year-old boys whom the police
classified as "wharf rats," were caught
in the act of plundering a drunken
man who had fallen asleep in a water
front hallway, and on account of their
youth Judge Cabaniss advised them to
plead guilty of petty larceny and thus
escape conviction of the more serious
offense of robbery from the person.
Master Schemllfinic thereupon said that
he hated to tell a lie, but to please the
Judge he would plead as advised. His
Honor hastened to assure the lad that
the court was not consulting its own
pleasure when it offered the suggestion,
and would not have him commit per
jury for the world. Master S. then hur
riedly confessed himself a petty lar
cenist, apparently realizing that his
show of conscientious scruple had been
rated at its true value. He and his fel
low defendant will be sentenced to-day.
• • •
His Honor diplomatically sidestepped
the query by instructing Mrs. Gorman
to state her complaint.
With commendable directness Mrs.
Gorman complied. It was her misfor
tune, she averred, to live in the same
apartment-house, 432^ Sixth street,
with Mrs. Davis and several other
ladies. If it were not for the conduct
of Mrs. Davis a more desirable dwell
ing place could not exist, for all the
other ladies were remarkably amiable.
Mrs. Davis, however, had exerted her
self to make their home life as un
pleasant as she could. It was true that
since she was arrested on the charge
of killing a lady by striking her on the
head with a heavy lamp Mrs. Davis
had not been so highly esteemed as
she was previous to that occurrence
and it was also true that her removal
from the house would be hailed as a
blessed relief by those left behind her.
Perhaps the fact that Mrs. Davis was
promptly acquitted of the aforemen
tioned charge might have impelled her
neighbors to treat her less frigidly and
probably they would do so if she were
not so snobbish. However, no treat
ment that Mrs. Davis could receive
from her neighbors would justify the
retaliation in which she had indulged.
All that Mrs. Gorman had done to in
cur Mrs. Davis' enmity was to simply
ignore her, yet Mrs. Davis deliberately
sprinkled with dirty water the clean
linen that Mrs. Gorman had hung out
to dry. No, the term "murderess" had
never been applied to Mrs. Davis,
either directly or indirectly, by Mrs.
Gorman. Other ladies in the house
might have so addressed her, but Mrs.
Gorman— never!
In reply to a judicial Inquiry Mrs.
Davis said she was not in love with her
present place of residence and would
have changed it long ago if she had
not imagined that such a step would
have conveyed gratification to the fem
inine combine that was systematically
endeavoring to compel her removal. If
the court desired, however, she would
leave the house as soon as she could
find another one equally suited to her
family's requirements, but she did
not propose to have her offspring sub
jected to any physical discomforts by
such a change.
The Judge thought it would really
be better for the youngsters if they
were transferred to a more congenial
environment and then he gave Mrs.
Davis a week in which to find a new
home.
Holding up a rosy-cheeked, thumb
chewing infant for Police Judge
Mogan's inspection, Mrs. Mary Davis,
a buxom German matron, proudly an
nounced that it was the youngest of
six, the others being equally clean and
healthy. Then, encouraged by his
Honor's approving smile, she proceeded
to proclaim her opinion that a greater
outrage than her arrest for disturbing
the peace of Mrs. Lizzie Gorman had
seldom or never been perpetrated, as
she could prove If the court would give
her the opportunity to do so.
"Mid dis kid und flnf odders ter vash
und dress und mend for und shpank,"
Mrs. Davis said, "I hefn't der dime ter
fighd mid mine neighbors. Ain'd dot
so?"
SECTION INOPERATIVE
Judge Lawlor Sustains De
murrer to the Accusation
Preferred by Mary Duran
War of Women Inmates Aired
in the Police Court.
Gertrude Fleming to Ap
pear at Steinway Hall.
HUTTON SCORES
IN FIRST USE
DISCORD INVADES
APARTMENT HOUSE
CHILD WILL SING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1904.
16
J MARKS BROS.
MONEY SAVING
SPECIALS
- - FOR - -
TO-DAY
IB r a id e d handles,
fitted with change
w -purse; colors brown
Qt r%F» for tan. An excellent
*PI..£D value at $1.75. To-
j day only $1.25.
I I»U mm j ui-«i1 Women's Vests in
LISI6 anO WOOl gray or white; pants
{.. __ ¦ to match. Sold else-
Vests 73c "*"¦•¦ for v-25.
J Our price 73c.
On** n«ll..~ I Point ionise Lace
bapB lOllarS Cape Collars in ecru
_ ¦ and white. Our reg-
ular 75c value. Spe-
**^ v J cial to-day at 34c.
Lafifl Stnnkc 1 25c Point v*nise
LdUB OlUUKb \ Lace Stocks. Selling
I / f» f special to-day at
iy V J I?c.
] Broad Tail Velvet
Volvpt Roltc Belts In aff tfie ou-
VBIWI DBIIS ! tumn gA?(/M . girdle
£* g\ _ J effect, gilt buckles. A
OUC g°°d 75c value, your
J pick to-day at 50c.
Fancy Ribbonl nc/^ d . p/a o,l af '
'_ i Ribbon;
5 C J 2 *A inches wide.
Taffeta Ribbon! Taffeta Wa * h R ''°°<»>-
|^\ _ f heavy cord edge; all
• Utr J colors.
LUStBr Taf fetal Wr Straus heavy
nai i _ ¦ r Taffeta Wash Ribbon.
RlbDOn I5C J finches wide.
AlltO VellS X Chiffon Auto Veils in
, all colors ; neat
ff A» hems titched border,
vUli 3 yards long. ' t
Flranfl VpIIc 1 Chiffon Drape Veils.
S*\t* I Pretty novelties for
•»«« J hat drapes.
Women's Hose] unbieach^spntFoot
| "y _ r Hose ; per pair l?c,
I / C * J or 3 pairs for 50c.
Send In your name and well Mail
Free our Pall and Winter Mall Order
Book.
MARKS BROS
The Home of Honest Values
; I220 -I224 Market Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAY CITY
MARKET
1132-38 Market St. 25-27-29 Turk St.
Phone South 13
SPEClALSlbr TO-DAY:
PRIME RIB ROAST 1^ I/_
BEEF, per lb I45/2C
CHOICE ROAST BEEF, pei Q^
lb K*c and OC
FORE-QUARTERS SPRING f9 _
LAMB, per lb (C
HIND-QUARTERS SPRING l/\_
LAMB, per lb HJC
ROAST PORK (Corn Fed). f\^
per lb VC
CORNED BEEF (the Best), r
per lb OC
And All Other Meats at Cut Prices.
Try our eaueajr^E; we have the largest
sausage factory in th» city and the roost *x-
periereed EauF&fe makers.
The b*>st goods and the lowest prices all the
tine.
charlesTtdllman
Bay City Market.
Telephone Sonth 397.
Is the plac* vrhf-re you can find the choicest
of creamery butter
CHOICE CREAMERY BUTTER—
Best Firkin Butter, at 25c lb
CHOICEST OF EGGS— Good, fresh
Eggs at : 3Oc doz
Choicest California, Eaatem, Swiss and
Umburger Cheese. Pure Vermont Maple Sugar
er.J Syrups.
Free deGvery to all parts of the dty.
Singing the Praise
Of our laundry work is a "grand,
sweet song" in which you'll add your
voice to swell the chorus once you
have your bundle returned bv us.
Sing out by phone South 420, by
mail or personally and we'll call when
md where you say. No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MABKET STEEET.
Telephone Sonth 420.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
16 A GREiT KEUSTOKATIVE. IKVIUOjiA-
• tor acd Ji«rvtne.
Tbe most wonderful, aphrodisiac and Special
XoMc for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Kemedy for Diseases of tbs
lOAaer* and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
KABER. ALFS ft BKUNE. Ageata.
K£ Market «.. S. F.— (Sead tar ClrcuUn.1
HALE'S. I HAIiE^S. \ HAZE'S.
The Wooltex Sum Is RSsSeg • Hagher
To-day. Its circle of influence is greatly widened. It will spread the warmth of style and
economy into scores of new homes, where girls are wanting new winter coats and women
are thinking of heavier walking skirts.
™|«KTlie "Wooltex" Coats^Sl
M ipimp' For Girls Are Supreme l!i^ : $w
Perfect in material, in tailoring, in style. They're i&i^'*''~.\ -1JV
S/kMf*tf$LH$M: : m made from heavy wool material, that is guaranteed /f;V"*^: : --vvrrl :"-s\
i^OO i''4MM : •% a^ w0 °l» ma( l e on graceful, girlish lines that indi- \\f'>%'^':M :-i : \
I'4mM' : HI vidualize every garment. Perfectly cut, perfectly M- : : r :fc'":"J*|| : \\
['•IflhUTu^m tailored, with every seam bound, with an extra cape : - < jE^.'-^C| '•£*'
< I 'J'tli /III- ' !m on ever y coat to insure extra warmth. i83?7*^V^
\ /¦' jf- B'tt'li ll' '" tR\ Besides." they cost no more than you have been tn the habit of HySljC0&r
\ / V" Nil '/'If J "* ' Ui\\ raying for coats that were no nearer than "next-best." WHlr* "750
•r.'if 77 //•//¦¦¦¦¦' n*\ You want to * et the liule glrl a coat she win b * happy in. one MI}^/ —
/' 'll-luV'W W J '' IIsTa tliat wil1 rtt anrl stay flt< no mattrr how roughly she wears it. rfjkS*^'
fv /-¦.•#! #!/£« -If • .- -ttfl\ : \ You wa "t. to get her a coat better than you have ever gotten her IjPP'
; 'Ji-'l-ll' '//' It- '¦'¦¦rvimi '-V before if you can get it without paying more for it You want tiBr'
/¦¦' vfl'jf. ll 'It'll' '-" JWA*\-v\ to S et her a Wooltex coat. If we could Just spread out a few of >*^
/•'• '¦ ll' II ' u. U. «••' * i\t AvA-L>^ the coats here they would m»an more to you than all we can
/~.i.'/7 'If iff. '"'If' //¦ V"* : .ff iSSSXZS say. We know you will be glad to see this splendid demonstra-
VKVJ '-irJl'ir Jl' U ''"'"•'" ¦*•• ¦vU\\ ~ tion we are making on the second floor to-day.
Coat in the Picture, $7.50
It's a pretty little tourist model in a gunpowder gray, mannish material. It's made with a straieht stitched
strap down the front, plaited box back, tailor sleeves; collar is of cardinal broadcloth. Finished with fancy silk
braid and fancy buttons; sizes 6, 8, io, 12 and 14 years. Wooltex coat at $7.50.
Wooltex Coat at $10.00 The Wooltex Skirts for Women
Long coat of dark mixed Scotch cheviot, double- Swell new skirts that are man tailored, that fit and
breasted, inverted plait down the back, with strapped nanp as tho they were made to your measure. This
belt, tailor sleeves, collar of dark red velvet trimmed 'one in the picture is a
with four rows of soutache braid; sizes 6, 8, io. 12 and Skirt at S5 00
14 y ea "- $IO.OO. In m j xed Rray; a Buggestion of the flare: a convenient
At $13.75 — Long coat of kersey cloth, double-breasted walking length, strapped at the hips with tucked »id«
front, loose back, scalloped circular cape, full puff panels.
sleeves, turnover cuffs, turndown collar, piped with At $7.50— A broadcloth skirt, in black or brown. Some Ox-
dark green velvet Comes in castor, brown, tan and ford mixtures, plaited panel, strapped hips. Plaits fall
navy. Sizes, 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14 years. _ loosely at the bottom.
"Oh! Fudge!" 9 Q Two New Ribbons
Chocolate Fudge Last Day to See Two Extra Values To-Day.
2 lbs for 25c Galatea— the Statue At 9 c yard-A No. 40, 3% -inch plain
That's the good candy news for tu** ?«,•«« ; n t« I' *.-*„?:*„ r iu, taffeta.
Saturday. ? hat tU . rnS mt T ° a P eautlful llv " The ribbon you want for pretty
It's the candy you want to have in in & woman. It will be shown bows or neck ribbons; all wanted
the house for Sunday. Made especially f or the last time this mornint? . colors.
for Hale's and especially for you. Pure. ° ine iast ume /. mornin * At lie yard— A No. 80. 4-inch plain
good and wholesome. 20c lb. regularly. from io to 12; this afternoon taffeta
To-day 2 lbs for 25c. f rom 2 until 4:3O Fourth floor. In white, blue, cream, pink, car-
10C and— >Brin * the <*ildren to see it. SSSt Uf ht ""' S " ta " d ° ther
You will be interested to see how No charges for admission. And we will tie them for you— in
much it will buy O d any way you want — * ree -
In Toilet Helps To-Day.
10c for V* lb. of Bexoleum — It's like (&*JML*J0/ Iffl fit ¦ i nx.ii ± rr » > c^r yj
vaseline. <£&> Iw Umbrellas at Hales. Splendid
10c for 3 cakes Toilet Soap— Pure and /&//£& £&£&<£&$&& *gB8P \ i j . ,
cleansing. /&/ &S j^y^ covers zi'c z'c had put on sam-
10c for Tooth Bruin — Lots of bristles, /Mf^^^Oooa OOOI>&*** /^ a; ; j; z • »
the kind that stay in. *^ "~«P wtvi*3f pfe . handles Of WOty, pearl,
10c for a Chamois Skin — Soft, good- __ . _ • •» >. , .. . .
sized. Market Street, Near Sixth, S. F. silver. At average half price.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IRISH,
MOSS
COUCH
BALSAM
PRESCRIBED BY THE BEST
THYSICIANS FOR
Coturhs, Colds, Hoarseness. Bron-
chitis, Croup in Children, and
All Throat and Lung- Troubles
Try a bottle to-day; don't wait till the
doctor says "CONSUMPTION."
25c: 50c AT ALL DRUGGISTS
CURES IN A DAY
fc^_^ ; ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦¦•-•• J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I "Just as Good"
Grocers
A grocer's integrity is reflected in his
stock. If he is the creature of the un-
principled manufacturer, his goods are
cheap imitations of better ones, which
I he sells under the false representation
of "just as good." No conscientious
grocer will tell a customer that the
cheap imitations of D. Ghirardelli's
Chocolates and Cocoas are just as good
as the genuine. He knows that if they
were of the high quality of the original
he could not receive the greater profit.
He realizes that the success of these
preparations depends on the unprinci-
pled small dealer who will not scruple
to hoodwink his customers for the sake
of a few cents. A good grocer scorns
deceit; he has built up his business
by handling quality goods. The cheap
imitations of the D. Ghirardelli's Choc-
olates and Cocoas have no place in the
good grocer's stock.
I Insist on getting the original and genuine
D. GhirardelWs Chocolate and Cocoa.
All others are imitations.