PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ROOSEVELT VS. PARKER
Malcontents May
Start Revolution
on the Isthmus
Democrat Total • • 259
Necessary to Elect • • 239
J. 0X31 • » • •••¦••... .»»:?; J.UO
Solid South > ¦•*.... 151
Electoral
State. :;.-. . Vote.
Colorado 5
Connecticut ........ 7
Delaware 3
Idaho ......:....., 3
Indiana ... .....1 — .. 15
Montana ............. 3
New Jersey ....... 12
-VT IT 1 - €\l\
New York • ..... 39
West Virginia ...... 7
Wyoming • — ..,.,.. 3
Maryland .. ... • 8
Nevada • « .••.:•»•«•». ..» 3
DEMOCRACY'S FIGURES
Eepubliean Total . . 314
Necessary to Elect • .239
TotaH ......... 110
Safe States 204
Wyoming'-. r ........ 8
Wisconsin .;....... 13
Electoral
State. , Vote.
Colorado! ..... 5
Connecticut ........ 7
Delaware ¦••. , 3
Idaho..-- .._ 3
Indiana > «««••..:. .. 15
Montana! • • • • • .;. .. 3
New Jersey ...... 12
New York ......"., 39
West Virginia ..... 7
REPUBLICAN FORECAST
That the situation on the isthmus is
still not all that could be desired is the
news which came to Washington . to
day in a personal letter from an offi
cial source in Panama. While the Pan
ama Government is entirely; loyal, - It
seem3 that there are certain dlsgrun-
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20.— American
marines will be retained on the Isth
mus of Panama for the present, pre
pared to meet any emergency which
may arise as the result of the dis
gruntled elements in the new republic
This decision was reached to-day and
orders have been issued for a new bat
talion of marines to go to the Isthmus
about November 15 to relieve the bat
talion which has been there for a year.
The new battalion will be commanded
by Lieutenant Colonel Thomas N.
Wood.
COLON. Oct. 20.— There is a rumor
current here that a large body of
armed Colombians has been concen
trated near Culebra with the intention
of making an attack there on Novem
ber 3, the first anniversary of the se
cession of Panama from Colombia. The
canal zone- authorities are investigat
ing the report. Not much Importance
is attached to the rumor, the origin of
which Is attributed to malcontents.
tied elements on the isthmus and In
view of the ease with which revolu
tions are started In Central and South
America it is the official opinion here
that the marines should remain there
for the present.
It ia hoped that the mission of Sec
retary Taft will have a far-reaching ef
fect in bringing all elements on the
Isthmus into harmonious accord with
this Government's policy.
American Marines to Be Re
tained in Ganal Zone.
UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF "WAR, "WHO IS GOUfG TO PANAMA WITH
ASSURANCES THAT THIS GOVERNMENT WILL, - NOT OVERSTEP THE
BOUNDS OF THE CANAL TREATY.
GUNNISON,.Colo., Oct.; 20.^—Timo
thy Sullivan, : charged . with - the mur
der'bf Deputy? Sheriff W.E. Harnmon
at Pitklh : last June, , has escaped from
Jail, .being aided 'by ¦ persons iwhb re-r
moved the window- bars ¦ from the : out
eide.¦<;Sullivan:is;believed* to be mak
ing }'f or.; the i Blue ~ Mountains * in Utahl ;
*K% reward ¦< of $ 5 0 0 is offered for - his
captured : /
Accused , 3Ian In. Colorado Receives
Aid "•From ' Persons on the
* Outside;;
Cannot Keep Out of Jail.
SALINAS. Oct. 20.— C. W. Hawes,
who some twelve years ago murdered
one Wagner, the proprietor of a drug
store at Monterey for refusing to sell
him opium, and who after having been
sent to San Quentln for life, was par
doned,by Governor Gage, is again un
der, arrest at the scene of his old crime
upon ' a , charge of grand ; larceny. The
officers claim to have a clear mm
against riirr^.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20.— In Va
communication to Colonel ¦Henry) Ko
walsky, who recently presented? King
Leopold's side of the Congo question
to President . Roosevelt,.; Thomas f Bar
ber of Boston, in behalf of the confer
ence , of societies /represented - in % mis
sionary and philanthropic. work^ in the
Qongo State, suggests a Joint debate
In a public, hall an .Washington,^ by,
means -of. ".which people J.; could 3 hear,
both; sides * freely? and^fullyidlscussed
and.'judsra for themselves. V
Thomas Barber ; of Boston ; Writes on
the Subject to Colonel Henry
Kowalsky. .'
CHARGED WITH MURDER.
; L- , HE ESCAPES _ FROM ; JAIL
British ' Resume - March : hi Tibet.
PARI JONG, Tibet; Wednesday, Oct;
1 9. — The weather has cleared and the
British mission, which had -been de
layed here by . a ? heavy ; storm,' has re
sumed its march.
SUGGESTS JOINT DEBATE
ON THE CONGO QUESTION
The girl was placed in charge of the
police. . She expressed no fear and ac-~
companled the police willingly. She
made no , apology for her deed;
NEW YORK, Oct 20.— Alice Klingen
berg, a girl of fourteen years, poisoned
her infant niece to-day in Upper Mont
clalr, N. J., by giving her a carbolic
acid mixture. Alice lives with her sis
ter, Mrs. William F. Poecker, at Valley
road and Claremont avenue. Mr.
Poecker is a newsdealer and his wife
took charge of his store during 'I the
noon hour while he went home for.din
ner. She left her six-weeks-old baby
in charge of Alice. Finally Alice con
fessed that she had given the baby "a
spoonful of something from a bottle in
mistake for a soothing preparation.
She had mixed the poison with water
In a cup. The bottle was found by the
police. It was labeled ''poison" and
contained a carbolic . acid mixture.
* "."After 'the "meeting ,¦ Mr. and Mrs.' Mc-
Kinlay -were whisked over to Winters
in anrautomoblle; and at* 5 o'clock -he
boarded the : special train " which- had
been - engaged . ;,by ,l Chairman ' E.CH.
Archer , of the i Countyj Committee. "¦ .The
i Winters •band; and :a.number^of. en
thusiastic uj Republicans , : accompanied
hlm-iXAt-Guinda UheJparty; disembark
ed,, while , the I train ) went ; on . to Rumsey.
f or j a ; delegation' and 'returned, i.^ ;., 4
'- TAt • each f station J the "crowd I increased
till every ; seat •* was j* occupied.'; At * Madi
son 1 a crowd i of iWoodland ; Republicans,'
headed by,iW.tW.t Percival, ! filled < every
aisle \ and overflowed I into\the * baggage
car. $ Fully 5001 people ; rode to- Winters
WINTERS, Oct. 20.— Yolo : County
paid a splendid tribute to-day to Dun
can E.McKinlay, the Republican nom
inee for Congress. ; The streets here to
night are thronged : with people who
came on a special train from Guinda
and other points in the Capay "Valley.
The opera-house was crowded to its
utmost ¦ capacity ; and " a\ monster ' over
flow meeting was held- in : the street.
Never in ' the history of Western Yolo
has such an 'ovation been .tendered a
candidate- as was given McKinlay.
McKinlay, accompanied by his wife,
reached ;DavIs shortly before 'noon, and
after making a tour of "the -business
houses : spoke to a :. large'.-', audience- at
7:30 o'clock. : George W: Pierce presided
and' Captain" E.B.'Tuttle, the- nominee
for the Assembly,' was the first speaker.
McKinlay; was '-~> then % : Introduced i and
spoke for • an- hour,' on I national issues,'
making, a splendid argument. -His.ref
erence to • his 2 own ; . candidacy - was - the
signal for, hearty applause./ r : r
Congressional Nominee Is Cordially
Greeted in Yolo County.
McKINLAY A BUSY MAX.
BOULDER CREEK.. Oct. 20.—Tonr
ists on their way to the State Park hi
a ' four-in-hand were saved from &
frightful death on the Waterman
Creek grade Tuesday by the sagacity;
of a dog. .
. Tha driver had alighted at a spring
to drink, leaving the reins wrapped
around the brake. A shot fired by a
hunter near, by frightened the horses
and the. animals plunged forward, pull
ing the, reins loose and trailing them
on the ground out of reach of those in
the rig. .
Along the edge of a frightful precipice
dashed the horses. The vehicle was
tossed about like a cork in the ocean.
Death to the tourt3ts seemed certain.
Suddenly. the speed of the horses was
checked. From their mad gallop they
settled into a steady trot. With a
prayer of thankfulness, the tourists
leaped from the four-in-hand and one
of them made a grasp for the reins.
Then he saw to what was due their
safety. It was the driver's dog.
The animal had leaped from the rig
with his master. He was standing near
the wheel when the horses , started.
When the reins fell he grasped them
in his mouth and. though dragged over
the rough and rocky road, held on. The
weight • of the dog's body and the
strength with which the canine pulled
on the reins was felt by the horses, and
as they got over their fright they
yfelded to the pressure.
The dog. in the future, will be a regu
lar passenger on. the four-in-hand.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
- To ' the police captain ..hey confessed
to eight hold-ups that In the past few
weeks have puzzled the detectives. The
proceeds from these robberies : netted
the lads more than $1000.
The names and ages of the boys are:
Barney Doran," 18; Roy Case, 21;
Joseph Trattner, 17; "Sloppy". Smith, 22;
Harry Madison, 16. Case has *a 14-year
old wife. . . \
Trattner is the leader of: the gang.
He has been. bellboy at the Her Grand
until recently.
Last . night a patrolman caught
Smith ¦ and Doran laying a fuse to. a
box of dynamite under the office cor
ner of the big Harney-street car-barns.
When the boys were arrested they were
"armed to the teeth" and equipped. with
sufficient dynamite to blow-up half the
town. The blowing up of .the car-barn
and the robbery of > the safe were to
have been their first big job. The boys
say they expected to get at least $500
out of the robbery, which would have
taken them out of town, and they had
plans, for. a series of train robberies in
Wyoming, California' and Oregon.
"In the cave by the river where . the
youths ' made -their headquarters the
police -found a- quantity of Jewelry asid
arms and ; explosives : of every descrip
tion. Newspaper flies containing ac
counts - of: the • Chicago bandits were . in
the cave, .with a" whole • library of dime
novels -and' other "blood-and-thunder"
literature. 1 ; ' * .
irTheiboys were arraigned and waived
examination. '
OMAHA, Neb., Oct. 20.— Five Omaha
youths who read, the story of the Chi
cago car-barn bandits and sought to
emulate their, deeds have been taken
into custody by the police. They had
for a hiding place for their booty a
cave on the banks ' of the Missouri— a
veritable arsenal, filled with nitro
glycerine, dynamite fuses, ' guns and
pistols. To develop ! nerve for big Jobs,
the boys say, they held up belated pe
destrians * and practiced blowing up
rocks and stumps to acquire skill in
the use of explosives.
YOUTHFUL
BANDITS IN
THE TOILS
DOG SAVES
TRAVELERS
FROM DEATH
)Coloriel /T. V. Eddy 'closed, the meet-
Ing, with a stirring speech, in which^he
urged every man • vote ' for, Roosevelt
and entire Republican ticket.
-As a native: son of i California I have a
epectal pride in my State and shall labor in
the . halls of Congress to promote California's
interests to < the best of my ability, v With the
friendship of Victor. H. Metcalf behind '. me, I
feel . tttat I shall net go into , Concress as an
untried ' man. It ;Will - be my pleasure to ' con
sult with him in matters pertaining to our dis
trict and the State, for he is one of the best
friends of California and this district at Wash
ington.; My legislative experience In California
stands me in good hand. It is in the Legis
lature that a man's honesty. Is tested and it
he pass through the fire unscathed I feel that
he should be trusted by the people.
LIVERMORB, Oct. 20.— Republicans
of Murray Township field an enthusi
astic mass meeting to-night, crowding
Sweeny Opera-house with a splendid
audience, j which gave hearty welcome
and assurance of support. to the vari
ous nominees of the ticket. William
MacDonald-was president of the even
ing and the vice presidents were Wil
liam Lowehthal, P. C. Waltenbaugh, S.
Mathisen, John M. Stanley, P. F.
Brady, R.- Christensen, Chester Young,
C. M. . Nissen, Hans Kamp, F. P. Fas
sett'and* W..J. .Holm j with George W.
Reed arid Lincoln S. Church from Oak
land,-who: were in the visiting candi
dates', party.
John G. : Mattos, i the \ nominee for
State Senator from the Fourteenth Dis
trict, pledged his hearers that he would
continue to represent, them honestly
and fairly, as he had ; done ¦ as an As
semblyman.: E. K. Strowbrldge, candi
date for. the Assembly from the Forty
sixth : District, let it be known that he
would hew^tO; the line as a .legislator.
C. ; F.' Homer, j candidate for re-election
from ' the [ First Supervisorial District,
offered his four,, years' record as a
guarantee of continued, good conduct.
Joseph R. Knowland, the Republican
nominee for Congress from the Third
District; was cordially received. He
said in the course of his speech:
Enthusiastic Moss Meeting Is Held in
Murray Township.
REPUBLICANS ARE ACTIVE.
Culberson's sensation fell rather fiat.
Indeed, many. Democrats declare that
if will do ¦ the Democrats more harm
than': good; .for; in g it the President
showed his disinclination to instigate
trouble j in " Panama by any word or
act. Dr. Shaw,', as \ editor of the I Re
view of , Reviews, denies that he.vio
lated a confidence and declares the.let
ter was' published by authority of Sec
retary Loeb, , acting for Mr. Roosevelt.'
NEW YORK, Oct. 20— Before an au
dience gathered under the auspices of
the Reform Club that filled Carnegie
Hall to-night. United States Senator
Charles A. Culberson of Texas, at. the
conclusion of , an address which de
tailed the successive steps leading up
to the Panama revolution, declared
that It was fostered and encouraged by
President Roosevelt and his adminis
tration, contrary, to international law
and public morality. Culberson read a
letter written by the President to Dr.
Albert Shaw three weeks before the
revolution; a letter of Secretary of
State Hay to Dr. Herran, and an in
terview with Senator Cullom. The
President's letter to Shaw said: "I
cast aside a proposition made at this
time to foment the secession of.Pana
ma. Whatever other Governments ¦ can
do the United States cannot go into
securing by such underhand means
the cession.
"Privately I freely . say to you that
I should be delighted if Panama were
an independent state, or if it made; it
self so at this moment,' but for -me to
say so publicly : would amount to an in
stigation of a ; revolt and therefore I
cannot say it. I
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
Special Dispatch to The Call
on the train 'and every one was per
sonally introduced to McKInlay during
the trip.
The meeting at the opera-house was
a tremendous ovation. W. O. Russell
presided and : the Congressional | nomi
nee made ' a strong address which
brought cheer upon cheer.
The overflow meeting was called to
order by C. E. Benning. The hundreds
of people who could not get Into the
opera-house were addressed by Arthur
W. North, W. S. Wall and others. En
thusiasm was at a high pitch, the dem
onstration being unusually pro
nounced and . the most successful ever
held here.
ATTACK BY CULBERSON
A BOON TO ROOSEVELT
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Both Demo
crats and Republicans produced figures
to-day that predicted to their satisfac
tion the election of their candidates for
the Presidency.
'Senator Scott of West Virginia gave
out Republican claim. "I believe," he
said, "that Judge Parker will be beaten
as badly as Greeleyiwas in 1872. New
York State, in my opinion, will give
Roosevelt a majority ranging from
50,000 to 75,000 votes. New Jersey and
Connecticut are as safely.^ Republican
as Massachusetts. There Is not a doubt
ful State in " that group of States
known as the Middle West — and in this
Special Dispatch to The CalL
group I include Indiana — while Cali
fornia, Oregon and Washington will
register record breaking majorities. I
believe Colorado, | Utah, Idaho and
Montana will cast their vote for Roose
velt. Maryland ia debatable 'ground,
with an even chance of our carrying
it. If any doubt existed about West
Virginia It has been removed."
The • Democratic managers believe
they have j a good chance of carrying
Wisconsin and of electing "Democratic
Governors in Michigan, Minnesota and
Illinois. "Walter Lamb of Nevada, sec
retary of Thomas Taggart, said that
the Democratic candidates for Gover
nor would run ahead of Parker^ in the
Rocky Mountain States. " ,
Rival Campaign Managers Name
States They Hope to Carry.
In Rebstock's case twelve jurymen
voted to indict, but no vote' was taken
after the District Attorney had f ormu -
lated the charge , In writing. The jury
proceeded at once, Into court and the
Sheriff had to be sent after three Jurors,
who refused to come 'into court, in or
der to make up a quorum.
According to Judge Lawlor's expo
sition of the law to the grand jurors,
the indictment of v Joseph Rebstock for
misconduct while serving as an elec
tion officer in the Eightieth Precinct
will not hold. The Judge says in his
communication that "when the Grand
Jury decides that an indictment shall
be found the District Attorney shall be
called upon to formulate the charge In
writing and, that having been done, the
Grand Jury shall vote on the indict
ment thus prepared, and if twelve or
more votes are cast in favor of the
charge the indictment shall be present
ed to the court in the form of a true
bilL"
The case of the Election Commission
ers was very much overshadowed by
that ot Ruef. The communication from
Judge Lawlor was received, in which
he refused to comply with the request
that he instruct the District Attorney
to proceed against the Commissioners.
In a voluminous exposition of the law
he pointed out that he lacked such au
thority. It was decided to ask the Dis
trict Attorney directly that , he prose
cute the officials who are, alleged to
have flagrantly violated the law in the
appointment of election boards, par
ticularly In those precincts .where
frauds were so boldly , committed at
the, primaries. Assistant District At
torney Whiting was present and he
was requested to have papers ready
at the next meeting, so that action may
be taken toward instituting prosecu
tion. Just what this will be remains
uncertain. Whiting has some points of
law to look up and the situation In the
Grand Jury, there being but ten mem
bers who favor any steps against the
commission, adds to the complications.
It is possible after all that it will
remain for the Merchants' Association
to take. up the prosecution, as it has
decided to do, if the Grand Jury's ef
forts fall.
LAWLOR REFUSES TO ACT.
This closed the inquiry for the day.
Subpenas had been issued for W. S.
Leake, who was interested in the enter
prise when the theater was started, and
for Theodore Rothchild, who had lent
his name to a shareholder. But neither
could be found in the city yesterday.
The case was continued to next Thurs
day, by which time it is expected to
have the subpenas for Leake and Roth
child served.
"I am sure that just because Abe
Ruef was a member of our corporation
the Board of Public Works was more
exacting in its requirements of us,"
Tiffany said, "for the officials did not
•wish it to appear that he was enjoying
any advantages." /
Charles Leonhardt Jr., who followed
Tiffany on the stand, had very little
testimony to give, t or he had never at
tended a meeting of the company and
was not conversant with its affairs.
His stock stood in the name of Theo
dore Rotiichild, he said. Further than
the fact that Ruef held an interest, the
witness knew absolutely nothing of the
attorney's connection with the corpora
tion. Nor could he tell of the difficul
ties with the Board of Public Works
when the showhouse was in course of
construction. His mind was a blank
as to everything the Grand Jury was
seeking and the only thing he could
testify to was the payment of an extra
assessment at the time.
Tiffany continued that while the
theater was being fitted up an inspector
from the Board of Public Works stop
ped the work. The board compelled the
company to make many improvements
as a precaution against fire, necessitat
ing an additional expenditure of atrout
$2000.
Asked if Ruef was the attorney for
the company. Tiffany admitted that hie
was. By formal resolution Ruef had
been allowed a fee of $500 for drawing
up the three years* lease and for at
tending to all the company's business
during that time.
For the 793 shares Ruef purchased,
Tiffany said, he has paid assessments
as have the other stockholders. The
first was $3, the second Jl 50 and the
third $1 50, making a total of 54788 that
he had invested in the enterprise.
RUEF MAKES A GOOD PARTNER,
"I thought it would be a good thing
to have Ruef in the company," said the
witness, "and I therefore approached
him with the proposition of taking
some of our stock. He thought It would
be a good Investment and therefore ac
cepted my offer. To be frank, I still
think that I would rather have Ruef
than the ordinary man associated with
me hi business."
a saloon and cafe at 1200 Market
street.
GIRL GIVES
POISON TO
BABY NIECE
"He is gone! He is gone!" she
cried. "He always got cramps when
he went swimming."
Then came Frank Hannah on the
scene with a tale of a strange meet
ing between a man and a woman on
the beach he had witnessed. He de
scribed the man and his description
fitted Dr. Kandor. The description of
the woman was that of Mrs. Kandor.
"That's the woman," 'he cried when
he saw Mrs. Kandor at the hotel.
"She gave the man a bundle and he
walked up the beach and dressed."
And then Mrs. Kandor dried her
tears. stopped her sobbing and
"fessed" up.
"I wanted to Abecome reconciled to
my wealthy auriii" she said. "She did
not like mv husband and I thought
that if she heard that he was drowned
she would forgive me and take me
back into her good graces. My hus
band Is now in San Jose."
"Santa Cruz — treacherous beach —
missing bather" flitted through her
busy mind.
And so it was that pretty Mrs. Kan-.
dor and her husband came to Santa
Cruz. They took a room at the hotel
and Dr. Kandor hired a bathing suit
and hied himself to the beach. Hours
went by and he did not appear. There
was a hurried search of the beach and
the bath houses. The water in the
plunge bath was pumped out, but no
trace , of Dr. Kandor, except the
clothes he left in the bath house, could
be found.
The sight of a pretty woman, with
tears coursing down her cheeks," ex
citedly rushing. about, asking this one
and that one if they had sten aiiyht
of her husband, aroused Santa Cruz'aa
It has not been aroused for years.
Soothing words were, spoken to the
grief-stricken woman. Hope was held
out to her by those who had aban
doned hope, for the sight of her grief
stirred everybody. All day long the
search was kept up, but without suc
cess. Neither Dr. Kandor nor his body
was found.
Mrs. Kandor had the sympathy of
every one. Her room at the hotel was
crowded with kind-hearted persons,
anxious to lighten her burden of brief.
Between her sobs she thanked them.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct 20. — The fertile
brain of the wife of Dr. A. K. Kandor,
an osteopathist of San Francisco, is
responsible for a sensational "myste
rious disappearance of a bather" story
that disturbed the peace and quiet of
the people of Santa Cruz to-day. It
appears that the doctor's wife has a
wealthy aunt, with whom she is very
anxious to stand well. Her marriage
to Kandor caused her to fall a few
pegs In the esteem of her aunt, so Mrs.
Kandor set about devising a scheme
whereby she could again become a fa
vorite. To think with Mrs. Kandor
was to act.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
Is Censured for
Dereliction of
Duty.
Schmitz said the additional improve
ments the board required after the in
gpector had stopped the work cost $4000.
Manager W. E. Tiffany of the theater
said the extra amount the corporation
had to lay out because of the require
ments of the board was $2000.
Tiffany testified that he is president
of the Baldwin Theater corporation and
that Its capital stock is 2000 shares.
Ruef holds 798 of these in the name of
E. J. Lynch, his law office, clerk, who
serves as secretary for the company.
Marcus Blum, who leads the orchestra,
owns 100 shares in his own right. The
witness denied that Blum was a repre
pentatl\'* of some other person. One
hundred and forty-six shares are own
ed by Theodore Rothchlld, according
to -the books,- but they belong In* fact
to Charles Leonhardt Jr., who conducts
Schmitz was merely asked as to what
his board had done when the theater
•was fitted up and why the license had
not been exacted. During the building
cf the stage and the other Improve
ments work was stopped by an Inspec
tor from the Public Works Department
because the requirements of the muni
cipal ordinances were not being fol
lowed. When the company gave assur
ance that it would comply with all reg
ulations the building was allowed to
go on.
Not a word was mentioned about
Ruef during the examination of
Fchmitz. It had been expected that
the president of the Works Board
would be asked if he had received any
Instructions or request from the attor
ney as to the Baldwin Thealer, but
those who are pressing the case say
they were not ready to go Into that
phase.
INSPECTOR STOPPED WORK.
Some of the jurors have expressed
themselves in favor of preferring
charges against the Mayor's brother,
for in their opinion the failure to make
theaters pay license is a misfeasance
for which he and his colleagues ought
to be brought to book. There is a prob
ability that steps will be taken against
them, but the jurors who earnestly
urge the move felt somewhat hopeless
about It last night, because they -can
count on only ten votes In tlie Grand
Jury that will take action reflecting in
any way on the present municipal ad
ministration.
"You think you know everything:
•well, you don't," was the beginning of
Schmitz's rejoinder. He gave some
more hot talk, the grand jurors say,
and then Lilienfeld gave him a parting
taJklng-to.
"It is our intention to make final in-
Epections within the next two weeks."
explained the witness, "and then if the
theaters are found to be in proper con
dition the owners will be called upon to
take out the permits. Otherwise they
must close."
"How many months were allowed
them to make the alterations?"
"Eight months."
"Well. I know of theaters that have
been giving shows the last year and a
half without being required to pay a
cent of license to the municipality." In
terposed Foreman Lilienfeld. "Now,
don't you know that the law says no
theater shall open for business without
having obtained a permit from your
beard and having made an accounting
to the License Collector?"
It developed that the Baldwin Thea
ter has not received a permit by the
Public Works Board, as required by
law, and inasmuch as the license col
lector could therefore make no collec
tion it has not been required- to pay
the annual exaction of $200, fixed by the
charter for such places of amusement,
notwithstanding that shows have been
going forward in the place since July.
When called upon to explain,
Schmitz said that the board had given
the theaters time in which to make
alterations so as to comply with the
nrc regulations of the municipality.
SCIIMITZ BECOMES ANGRY.
Among the witnesses before the
Grand Jury was Herbert Schmitz, and
he had a rather exciting experience of
it, for when he was about to leave the
stand Foreman Lilienfeld told him
very plainly that he had been grossly
derelect in his duties as a member of
the Public Works Board, was clearly
guilty of a misdemeanor in not en
forcing the collection of licenses from
many theaters in the city, and ought
to be punished for it.
The pointed remarks of the foreman
were prompted to some extent by what
was regarded as an ugly demeanor on
the part of the president of "the Public
Works Board. He was free in caustic
answers to the jurors who were plying
him with auctions, and was particu
larly «=-> *.. I ilipnfrld. • _
The sensational charge against the
attorney and adviser of Mayor Schmitz
¦will therefore hang in the air for a
week, for the Jury will not convene
again till ntxt Thursday.
The Grand Jury spent the greater
part of its session yesterday afternoon
In investigating the reports that Abe
Ruef, by means of his influence with
the Board of Public Works, held up the
corporation which owns . the 10-cent
showbouse on Market street known as
the Baldwin Theater for 798 shares of
Its stock. Not much headway was
made, no Incriminating evidence was
adduced, but the most important wit
nesses will be heard at the next meet
ing, it is said.
Supposed Drowning of Physician at
Santa Cruz Planned by Miss
ing Doctor's Spouse.
Mysterious Disappearance
ol Baffler at Resort
Is Explained.
Herbert Schmitz
Taken to Task
by Foreman.
the diaries that Abe Rucf
"shook down" the Baldwin
Theater corporation for a block
of stock by exerting his influ
ence with the Board of Pub
lic Works, which enforces fire
regulations for showhouses and
issues permits to encage In
business.
Manager Tiffany testified
that the attorney made a bona
fldc purchase of almost a half
interest. More testimony is to
be taken at the next meeting.
Herbert Schmitz was called
as a witness and laxity on the
part of the Board of Public
Works In collection . of licenses
from theaters provoked a se
vere censure from Foreman LJ
lienfeld.
THE Grand Jury began in
vestigation yesterday of
Unexpected Witness
Spoils Scheme
of a Wife.
Says Lawyer Paid
for His Stock
in Theater.
Jurors Will Call More
Y/itnesses in the Case
at Their Next Session
CLEVER PLOT
OF A WOMAN
IS EXPOSED
GRAND JURY HEARS
TESTIMONY ANENT
THE RUEF CHARGE
SAN FRANCISCO,: FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1904.
• THE WEATHER.
Forecast ma4e at San Francisco Tor
thirty T&»i«*.«a<Ua«~«i!enIght, Oct. 21:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair
Friday, not so warm, cloudy at night;
light northeast wind, changing to
westerly. A. G. McADIEA
r>i«trlet Forecaster.
(VOLUME XCVI— NO. 143.
THE THEA.TKRSf T
ALCAZAB— 'Tb« Way of the Wori<£t
ALHAMrmAi-Sou!B.'s Band, j
CALIFOHNIA— "A Texaa^ Stew.? > "J f
CENTRAL— £'Davy Crockett."
COLUMBIA— "San Toy." "5 ."-": f
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHEK"S — "DowSthe line."
GRAND — " Arizona."*
MAJESTIC— "A Japanese JClghtln
cate."
OKPHECM- Vaudeville.
TTVOLI— "Der Rastelbtnder."
The San Francisco Call.poll a large vote.
The friends of Judge Seawell will
meet to-night at Protection Hall,
Shiels building, 32 O'Farrell street. The
James M. Seawell Club, T. E. Pawhcki
chairman, Edwin "J. Hanson secretary,
will devise ways and means to further
the candidacy of Judge Seawell. ";-
V prawing.-pehcUs and papers, drawing
Instruments.: v". draughtsmen's^" supplies,
inks, ' sketch • pads."" oil . colors," V drawing
boards.: themtM tacks, crayons : and -eras
ers; alwayR -the : best. • ~> Sanbprn, xVail *'&
Co.. 74T Market .street.*,^ . ;-¦- •.'¦- -*"
Art ; School * Supplies.
Registrar; Rules .Against Th'o«e Whoso
- v .X'etftion* Lacked Signatures. •
, RefeTistrar : Adams 'yesterday,, decided
•to put ori the official < ballot v ail « pt ,' the
independent "..Republican* •candidates"
WILL NOT BE ON THE: BALLOT.
.Sidney. Runnier and ..Norman' Riatoh,
tooth under, >12~ years* of , age/c were
arrested lastifnigfht and chargred with
;burglary Vat > the! Mission Police :: Sta
tion. On ';; '.Thursday . afternoon : the
embryo crobksf.^ent^red : the "residence
of Mrs. J. '{Van ."at 1111 Guerero street,
and took Ji6Vl? cash and '$50 -worth
of jewelry ;i'^Y esterday^ they /secured
in. the : hoirfevOf :Mrs. J. D. : Cardlnell
property ¦vaiu"ed'at 5 $1051 A Part of the
stolen ;uoods i was; found' in the 1 home
of one of the;bby*burglars. '. " v . T ,'.
Boys ', Arrested ' 'f or ? Burglary.
I presume It must be with the elbowslthey
pick out books for : their library, '.unless rthey
do it with their hoofs. Most trulyr yours.
BMHBMI Jacob a. • k'iis.
Will you kindly give my regards • to- the
Democrats on your Library Board, who. I learn
from the newspapers, threw out my book:, on',
Roosevelt for fear it would help elect Roofevelt?
No help Is needed to do that, but if any; were
needed they have ' given him," and - Incidentally
my book, a very able lift all through the East/
Roosevelt's friends are laughing at them and-'
tho Parker champions are grinding their, teeth. :
It;was only yesterday, Mr. Bryan administered:
Wn left handcr to the ticket. In Nebraska Jand
. here comes your Library Board In the same
business. Toll them that I wish , heartily/ for
mori» power to their elbows. -. '>*-
COUNCIL BLUFFS. Iowa, Oct. 20.^—
Jacob Rils has written a sarcastic let-
tei to the editor of a local Danlsh :
paper in reference to the recent .'ac
tipn of : the Democratic trustees of the
public library In rejecting his "Life: of
Roosevelt" The letter is published/in
full in the Danske Folktidende. ~ He
writes: v. . ..
Democrats Guilty of Petty Politics Re£
ceivc a Roast.
JACOB KIIS GRILLS IOWAXS.
-..Joseph; Holle,' > the.latest.Democrat
ic, nominee -for- Qlate Senator in the
•Nineteenth Senatorial! District, filed his
petition with the Election Commission
latelWednesday, evenjng. to be placed
on. the official;'. ballot:-, Holle is at the
head of an automobile manufacturing
cdmpany.v/' vj. " ¦ ': * '¦„ :'V ¦"••;¦' :-•
Twenty-third Senatorial * District, Daniel H.
SkiMln^.Twenty-riKhith ..'Assembly • District,
.Charles Franklin; Thirtieth Assembly District
Thomab-R.- Mann; 'Thirty-third Assembly Dial
triet, \\ llltarh.Shen-ett; Forty-second Assembly
plKrIctj<J<>orpe William Xewis; Edwin T. Mc
llurray: Independent .ttepublican candidate for
.Aseemblyrnaniffl the 1 . Thirty-ninth District. A
Fromherjr in; the. Thirty-eighth and Clarence E
Ayer in 'the "Thirty- fourth. -
for- State;': Senator, and Assemblyman
whojflled their .petitions except I. L.
Solomon ;;for 'Assemblyman in the
Thirty rthird '-District; *-' Louis Klrsch
baum.Y Assemblyman Tin the Forty
fourth District,' and George Washing
ton Lewis, 'Assemblyman in the Twen
ty-ninth District.- .Adams, after in
vestigating, ruled'that the petitions of
these, three candidates named did not
contain the nam«a of- 3 per cent of the
•voters . at the t la8t, general election in
their, respective!, districts. The names
of independent,^candidates who will
appear on the ticket, are as follows:
failed to elicit the"' commendation j 'of
the late Irving M. Scott. ' . .Many " ob
stacles had to be overcome in -his; ef-'
forts to obtain, what • was* desired -for
the navy /.yard: and the greatest ob
stacles were'ereated by the threatening
letters written by Campbell.' • 3
Valiejo is not in the Second District,
but some of the Valiejo. politicians are
taking a hand in: the contest. between
Duncan E. .McKinlay and Theodore A*
Bell. ; At Republican headquarters the
question is asked: ' "What could Bell
do for .Valiejo in Congress with the
California delegation against him and
Campbell for him?"
"Senator Hale was so indignant when
he saw the letters that Campbell. wrote
that he Introduced in the Senate a
resolution setting forth that, the water
was shoaling at Mare Island and di
recting that a commission be appointed
to report on the Bubject of removing
the navy yard to deep water near San
Francisco. When I heard the resolu
tion read I. went to Hale -and -said: "
." 'If this resolution of yours should
be adopted I could not: go back to Cali
fornia.'
•'Hale's reply was: . 'Call off your
dogs.' • ;¦,«
"I went to Senator Hanna and asked
him to get Hale to withdraw the.reso
lution." Yes, it was the 'hardest ; work
of my life -to' ¦prevents the removal ''pf
the ' navy yard from Mare Island and
all the tvork and ,: embarrassment .re-"
suited from Campbell's letters.^ < .;¦
. Senator Perkins' spc-ke at Vlength con-"
cerning his efforts V during 7 the *)ast
eleven,, years vto ".'foster- and promote
ship .building at Mare -Island and: mern
turned that his activity in this,- respect
"Why, this is from Campbell!" ex
claimed Sena tar Perkins. "He was the
cause of the hardest battle of my life
to prevent Congress "from removing the
navy yard from Valiejo to San Fran
cisco. Is he taking up the fight for
Bell? Why he wrote letters to Maine
threatening Senator Hale. ' betters of a
r .nilar < " iracter to constituents of
Congressmen Foes and Dayton pro
duced a Vorld of mischief.
HALE'S INDIGNATION.
1 do not think any ona In Valiejo will dis
pute my knowledge of navy yard • ship build
ing, nor do I believe any Congressman or Sen
ator will take issue' with me on that subject.
Yours truly GEO. J. CAMPBELL,
•ix-Secretary Valiejo Chamber at Cummerce.
Bell and the collier. Tbe statements there
are not true: Bell did get the collier for Val
iejo, notwithstanding any statement Senator
Perkins may make. The Senator will not
contradict me. Bell could not have got the
collier without Perkins, but Bell conceived the
Idea and it appeared in the House flrst. Per
kins clinched it in the Senate.
The more you stir this matter the worse
It will be for the Republican end of it. I
would advise you to drop the matter.
The correspondence" is here In my office,
written at the time of the fight for the col
lier.
The meeting "was called to" order by
John Daly, who introduced R.- L. Ha
thorn as chairman! Mr. Hathorn, af
ter stating the purpose of the meet
ing, briefly reviewed the campaign and
said he had been unable to find any
one that refused to concede victory for
the Republican tickets— national. State
and municipal. •
Eduard F.- Treadwell was the first
of the candidates to be presented to
the audience by the chairman. Mr.
Treadwell, who i3 a prominent young
lawyer, comprehensively analyzed the
A rousing meeting was held last
evening in Mission Turn Verein Hall,
Eighteenth street, near Valencia, un
der the" direction of the Republican
State Central Committee. This was the
first big district meeting planned by
the Republicans. Its purpose was to
further the whole Republican ticket,
and especially to promote the candida
cy of E. A. Hayes, nominee for Con
gressman in the Fifth District; Rich
ard J. Welch, candidate for the Senate
in the Nineteenth District, and Ed
ward F. Treadwell, candidate for the
Assembly in the Thirty-fifth Assembly
District. ..„ , ...~^ J^i^ „, .
four years of Republican administra
tion', he said, the nation had become,
not a third or a fourth rate power, as
it was when the Republicans took con
trol, but the greatest power not- only of
to-day, but the greatest the world had
ever seen. Under Republican 'admin
istration, he continued, the territory
of the nation had'expanded, had grown,
production and- manufacturing < in
creased and the people enriched, . and
this, he concluded, was due to the in
comparable monetary and tariff sys
tems maintained by -the party.
Mr. Hayes was frequently Interrupted
by applause, and at the conclusion of
his address: cheers and, shouts of- ap
proval rang through the hall.
Charles M. Shortrldge , of San Jose
was the -last, speaker of 'the evening.
He was received with enthusiasm. Mr.
Shortridge spoke at length, and in con
clusion calle'd upon the audience to give
its most earnest support to "Mr. Hayes
and the ;entlre. Republican ticket.
Hayes'^headquarters have been es
'tablished in the Mission at 1038 Valen
cia street. At these headquarters all
day and late into the night, until elec
tion day,' .voters may learn why E. A.
Hayes should be elected to Congress.
Senator Welch was received in a
manner that demonstrated his popular
ity in his district. He did not enter
into a discussion of the principles in
volved in the campaign, but won ap
proval by declaring that when he again
goes to Sacramento he will give as
good an account of himself as condi
tions will permit and that he will ever
keep in mind the interests of his con
stituents: Mr. Welch's record in the
Senate is well known and he needs no
better indorsement. Songs by the Stan
ford. University . Republican Quartet
followed Mr. Welch's address, "after
which E. A. Hayes was introduced.
. Cheers greeted Mr.' Hayes, for which
he expressed his pleasure, saying, how
ever, that he appreciated the fact that
the cheers were not for him as a citi
zen, but as the Republican nominee for
Congress in the Fifth District, and be
cause, for the time, he represented the
great principles . of the Republican
party; ./ K; '*''
Mr. Hayes^_ speech was full of inter
esting facts upon which he asked his
audience to reflect. 'Under the forty-
issues of the campaign and painted an
amusing picture of Democratic despair.
His speech was warmly applauded.
HAYES CHEERED BY MISSION RESIDENTS
INCUMBENT JUDGES OF THE SUPERIOR COURT* OF THE CITY AND COUN
TY OF SAN FRANCISCO. WHOSE RECORDS ON THE BENCH COMMEND
-THEM FOR RE-ELECTION TO THE OFFICES. THEY NOW HOLD.
The local contest for Judges. of _ the
Superior Court is engaging the
thoughtful attention of. voters^There
is active public sentiment in favor of
"the re-election of the incumbent Su
perior Judges Frank H. Kerrigan,
James M. Troutt, J". M. Seawell and
F. J. Murasky.' There are many pre
dictions that the four named will be
chosen by the people.
Supporters of Charles T. Conlan are
not idle, but on the contrary are.ener
getic and persistent in advocating his
claims for promotion. It is the talk
in political camps that Conlan will
October IS. 1904.
Editor Call, City — Dear Etr: Tou have an
article In to-fi&y't paper about Congressman
As Colonel Mazuma is not doing any
thing to enliven this campaign the ad
vent of Colonel Buttinsky may afford
the people some pleasure. Senator Per
kins was asked yesterday to impart
his views on this contribution:
"In matters of this kind," Senator
Perkins said, "it is not my habit to
claim special glory. I say in a>general
way that the delegation succeeded. I
do not say 'I killed Cock Robin.' •
"There is not much comment to make
on this subject. Bell tried and" failed.
The passenger who fails to get aboard
when the train comes along gets left.
The bill was in the House and Bell did
not get aboard. He was left. The Con
gressional Record tells the story... The
amendment was not put in the bill In
any form until the measure came to
the Senate committee. I am willing
tv give the entire delegation, Republi
cans and Democrats", credit • for the
achievement, but if the credit belongs
to any individual it belongs to me."
CAMPBELL WRITES.
Senator Perkins remarked: "I am
amazed at this claim. I do not want
to deprive Mr. Bell of any credit that
belongs to him. He is a nice young
man and I do not deny that he at
tempted to get in the amendment, but
before the bill was reported to the
House from the committee I went to
Foss, Dayton and other members of
the committee and endeavored to have
them include the colliers. Bell tried
the same thing in the House and fail
ed. In the Senate I got the amend-'
ment inserted- It passed the Senate
and went back to the House and the
House struck It out. The conference
committee, of which Beit was not a
member, restored it and the House ul
timately receded from its disagreement
and adopted the report of the confer
ence committee.
PERKINS AMAZED.
"I felt it would be the proudest mo
ment cf my life if I could obtain for
the people of Valiejo and the people of
the entire State what we had been striv
ing to obtain for the last twenty years
—a modern steel vessel to be construct
ed there, and after having OBTAINED
THIS THROUGH MY OWN EF
FORTS. I protest against any man or
any paper asserting that I am at
tempting to steal the credit from an
other man."
The following sentence from Bell's
Woodland speech last Saturday night
was submitted to Senator Perkins:
The Senator replied: '"The idea was
conceived long: before Bell went to
Congress. We built the Monadnock
and Unadilla. The initial credit be
longs to Commodore Sloat, who hoist
ed the American flag at Monterey and
selected Mare Island as the best site
on San Francisco Bay for a navy
jard."
The Senator, continuing, remarked:
"If B»*ll has claimed the sole credit for
building this collier he has lowered
himself in my estimation."
WOODLAND SPEECH.
Ample and convincing proof that
United States Senator Perkins secured
the legislation authorizing the con
struction of a collier at Mare Island
caused a leading Republican yesterday
at the State Central Committee to
exclaim: "The Call's complete and
unanswerable story simply staggers
the Democrats, and It also naggers
some Republicans - at Valiejo, who
eeem to have entertained the notion
that Bell procured the insertion of the
amendment. Bell's deplorable attempt
to appropriate to himself credit belong
ing to another places him in a most
unenviable light. He has lest the re
6pect of the California. Congressional
cielegation."
Senator Perkins was again inter
viewed yesterday. He '.vas asked the
direct question if any sort of an
amendment'relating to the colliers was
contained in the bill when it went
from the House to the Senate. He re
plied at once that Bell made an at
tempt to amend the bill in that re
spect, but failed, n
"Did Bell conceive the idea of build
ing the colliers at the navy yard?"
p.sked.
Secures an Amendment to Bill
Alter Ail Efforts in House
Utterly Fail.
Senior United Slates Senator
Tells How His Efforts-
Met With Success,
PLAIN TRUTH
IS NARRATED
BY PERKINS
PEOPLE FAVOR INCUMBENT
SUPERIOR JUDGES.
FACTS CONVICT BELL OF JUGGLING THE RECORDS OF CONGRESS IN ORDER TO FILCH CREDIT FOR
CONSTRUCTION OF COLLIER FOR GOVERNMENT AT MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD
Montana a Political Storm
Spot Since Entering Union
State Torn by Long and Bitter Battles- oi
Daly, Clark and Heinze.
carried, and the State was for tw«
years without a second Senator. Gov«
ernor Rickarts appointed Lee Mantell;
but the United States Senate said this*
could not be done, the Legislature hav-,
ing had a chance and refused. Gover
nor Rickarts being a Republican and
the Legislature Democratic, he declined!
to call a special session, for the reason
that that body had had its chance.
WAR OVER THE CAPITAL.
In the fall of 1394 Daly and Clark
were engaged in their great contest
for the location of the State capital.
Daly for Helena and Clark for Butte.
and not so much attention was given
to the election of legislators. The roll
call developed a Republican majority.
This time there were two Senatorships
to fill. Mantell was chosen at the first
meeting of the caucus, and there was
a sharD contest between Thomas Car
ter, Senator Powers and ex-Senator
Sanders. Mantell and Carter were
elected. This ended the strife for four
years.
\V. A. CLARK UNSEATED.
In 1890 the Legislature was again
Democratic and Clark was • again a
candidate. This was like old times.
In the midst of the contest Senator
Whiteside of Flathead County pre
sented the Speaker with thirty one
thousand dollar bills, saying they had
been given him by one of Clark's lieu
tenants. Some of Clark's following
talked of going over to Toole, the for
mer Governor, but Clark rallied them,
declaring the thirty thousand to be
Daly's money and the whole thing a
trick. Not only did they believe him.
but 1 ; now gained and finally won.
Daly engaged- former Senator Ed
munds and some other of the best legal
talent and prosecuted a contest at
Washington. Charges of bribery and
counter charges of conspiracy were
thrashed out before the committee on
privileges and elections of the Senate,
Clark having, of course, taken his seat.
Judgment was rendered unseating him
on the ground that more money had
been spent in securing the election than
was permissible under the law. Sen
ator Clark admitted that he had spent
over a quarter of a million — the law in
Montana allows an expenditure of
$1000.
Senator Clark resigned his seat. Be
fore night of th same day he received
a wire that Lieutenant Governor
Sprigga. Fusionist-Populist, acting in
place of Governor Smith, a pronounced
Daly man, had appointed Clark to suc
ceed himself.
SOME POLITICAL TRICKERY.
A few days prior to Senator Clark
resigning Governor Smith, who was a
lawyer of considerable repute, was en
gaged by one of Clark's lieutenants tc
go to San Francisco to try/i big mining
suit. The Populist Lieutenant Gover
nor was at the time away off in Da
kota. Governor Smith named to act In
his stead during his contemplated ab
sence the president of the Senate, Mor
ris of Beaverhead County, who was al
so a recognized Daly man.
But as Governor Smith passed out
over the south line of the State Lieu
tenant Governor Spriggs came in from
the east, came straight to Helena and
took the Governor's office on the morn
ing that Senator Clark resigned. Some
people said it was sharp practice.
Governor Smith had seen no newspa
pers until he arrived in San Fxancisco.
being carefully accompanied, and when
he there learned what had been done
he straightway took the train back to
Helena and undid it. appointing Major
Martin Maginnis as United States Sen
ator. But the Senate adjourned a few
days later and the major did not take
BY S. W. WALL.,
Stall Correspondent of The Call,
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 20.— "Tom"
Carter, as he Is familiarly and rather
affectionately known in. Montana, will
very likely go back to the United States
Senate as the result of the November
election. He is the pre-eminent Re
publican In Montana, although there
are a number of Republicans here. In
any company of men, not speaking of
political parties, former Senator Car
ter could easily be found. As a lawyer
he is esteemed of the first rank. * And
this is more to his credit and that of
his State for the reason that he located
among the somewhat remote mines and
mountains of Montana when a young
man. : v? "'
It will be a rather interesting cir
cumstance to find Tom Carter on one
side of the United States Senate while
W. A. Clark sits on the other, repre
senting Montana. Carter and Clark
were opposing candidates for the office
of Delegate to Congress while Montana,
was a Territory. And while Montana,
as a Territory, had never been any
thing but ' Democratic, Carter won.
That wau because Marcus Daly, a
Democrat, helped him to win and there
began that mighty clash of financial,
giants that has made Montana famous.
It is a spectacular story that I am
tempted to run through — from the be
ginning—because there is a climax^ to
it (there is a climax to it every once
in-so-often) that is impending in this
election in November.
HEINZE, DALY'S SUCCESSOR.
Here will be a realignment. Old Mar
cus. Daly- was the political disturber of
the peace from the birth of live poli
tics in Montana until his own death.
W. A. Clark, his antagonist, is prac
tically, oft the stage since he has got
what he wanted and is now in the safe
and quiet harbor of the Senate. But
Daly's place is admirably filled by F.
Augustus Heinze, president of the
United Copper—* Company, and who
operates along much the same lines ex
cept that Daly found delight in oppos
ing and defeating his competitor's am
bition for honor outside his business,
while Heinze seems to pursue politics
chiefly for business. ; .' :
So successful has he been in this that
his great competitor — at least it was
his competitor at the time — the Amal
gamated Copper Company, which is the
Standard Oil Company, was compelled
to put forth its strength until It com
pelled a Governor, friendly to Heinze,
through a largely signed petition . of
miners; also friendly to Heinze, to call
a special session of the Legislature and
that Legislature to pass laws such as
it desired for its relief as against the
fntrenchments of Heinze. This is not
the story. .1 told thafstory in a pre
vious dispatch. I merely mention the
very curious thing by way of showing
that the death of Marcus Daly and the
temporary "pocketing of W. A. Clark
has not robbed the State of Montana in
any material degree of its resources as
a political spectacle. And,' of "course, it
will not be forgotten that Clark is still
In evidence in this pending campaign
to the extent of some $50,000.
BEGINNING OF THE FIGHT.
It was in 1888 that W. A. Clark was
nominated for Delegate to Congress by
the Democrats, . and there was nothing
to it, for the Republicans were so few.
Marcus Daly, who had a great fol
lowing, congratulated his friend Clark.
The Republican convention was very
dull. Tom Carter, a young lawyer,
consented to take the nomination, for
at least it would advertise him, and
he needed to have attention called to
him. Shortly before election day some
Continued on Page 5, Column 2.
people 'said that Daly was not playing
fair. And that was true— that is. if
he owed anything to W. A. Clarkrand
I'm not going into that, for there's a
great difference of opinion and life is
too short. Daly went away the day
before the election and told his pri
vate ¦ secretary^ to see that the- name of
Tom Carter was on the ballots that
were to be handed out to the boys.
Well, the next year the Territory
was admitted, and there came a ques
tion of who should* go to the Senate,
as well as to the House, this time as a
regular representative. That made
three chances, but, of course, Clark
was for the Senate. He knew more
about politics, too, and there was no
dream life in Montana during the cam
paign that was to elect its State Leg
islature. And, of course, both sides
claimed to have won — so many were
the contests. The Governor, Toole. a
Democrat, recognized the Democrats.
The Republicans put Yale locks on the
State House door and elected W. F.
Sanders and T. C. Powers. The Dem
ocrats elected \V. A. Clark and Martin
Maprinnis. Of course, this is the brief
of it: but there had been some side
plays that one doesn't often witness
when away from Montana.
FUGITIVE LEGISLATORS.
Fearful of the machinery of the
courts some Democratic Senators had
taken a special train to flee from the
State, that the aggressive Republicans
might not have a Quorum, and the
Lieutenant Governor, a Republican,
telegraphed to the Sheriff at Glendive
to arrest and bring them back. The
Sheriff caught one (Becker), allowing
two others, whom he did not know, to
get awav. ' But Becker was enough,
and although when brought to the bar
of the Senate he refused to explain or
to take part his vote was counted as
negative, and some important business
was transacted that day. '_' ¦
Becker was released under surveil
lance and allowed to go to his room.
That was Sunday morning. .Sunday
evening, dressed in overalls and carry
ing a dinner bucket, he made his es
cape by means of a special engine and
crossed the Idaho line. Only two weeks
of the session had passed, and for
the balance of the period of ninety
days nothing was done, and the new
State, with a constitution, was left
without laws. The Democratic Gov
ernor, in face of a Republican Legisla
ture, refused to call a special session.
The contests were settled before the
next winter and the State equipped
with needful legislation. This was
Montana's first whirl at sett-govern
ment. ":
VACANT SEXATORSHIP.
The Senatorial contest had been
carried to . Washington and Sanders
and Powers seated. Sanders had
drawn the short term and his suc
cessor was to be chosen in 1893. The
Legislature ;that year was Democratic,
the Governor Republican. There were
three Populists, who held the balance
of power, and one of these was given
the chair, so evenly were the two par
ties divided. Daly performed here ex
actly as in the first instance. It had
been .supposed that the feud was end
ed and that Clark would be the caucus
nominee.
Just before the caucus was called
Daly opened headquarters at. the capi
tal and.no Daly Democrat took part.
Balloting continued until the last day
of the session, with some slight fluc
tuations, and on that last day it was
thought Clark had a majority. The
count developed just one short and
time was up. There was a really dra
matic situation for you. State Senator
Mattz of Missoula County took the floor
and declared that Clark could not be
elected; he would vote for any other
good "Democrat. A motion to adjourn
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; QCTOBER 21, 1904.
2
ADVERTISESIEXTS^ _,
Cfcas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
>ifgh-Grade Clothiers
Kg Branch Stores. No Acents.
iHE VERY BEST KIND
OF MEN'S C LOT H ES
THAT C A N BE HAD
ARE SOLD RIGHT HERE
-AND FURTHERMORE
WE CERTAINLY KNOW
HOW TO FIT CORRECTLY.
K e a r n y Street
T hurlow Block
¦ - * ¦ -• * * • ¦
\feJP %& « *^P
The Brooklyn Knitting Company of New York makes the
highest grade of underwear in the United States, as any furnish-
ing goods man will tell you.
At the close of this season they had on hand about $10,000
worth of goods. Our buyer, being in^New York at the time,
bought the entire lot at a cash price. This is why we can have
this extraordinary sale.
: ; The underwear is identical in quality of work, material
and f nish to the goods on sale in a dozen San Francisco stores
for $8 and $IO a suit.
Fall and winter weight garments knit from pure silk and
wool, colors— natural gray, pink, flesh, blue and white in solid
shades; or stripes of harmonizing colors. The goods are elegantly
finished without seams.
/.See the window display. The sale price is $5.00 a suit,
butithe underwear is y
Mail Orders gv mil A lf\r\^\ '^ g~^ GiveChestand
FHled-^Write py\'^|UUiJ tyfQ- WaistMeosures
¦ -iV To-P«y- j;- "> 1-; 740 Market Street, in Mafl OrdersWOMAN STABS HERSELF.— Rose Beav
wald, a paroled Inmate of an Insane asylum,
¦tabbed herself seven times yesterday - In - a.
restaurant on Seventh street. : The wounds,
which are not serious, were dressed by Dr.
"SYliion at the Central Emergency Hospital.
SKAGE.V, Denmark. Oct. 20. — The
vessels of the Russian Baltic Sea fleet
arrived here this morning and an
chored in the bay. It is . learned the
Baltic fleet intends to proceed to Vlad
ivostok, which it will reach in eighty
five <lS3*6.
Baltic Fleet's Destination.
The Sixteenth Army Corps will be
the next to start for the front. The
corps probably will leave Vllna on No
vember 8 direct for Harbin.
i A correspondent of the $ Russky : Lis
tok sends to that paper a. graphic ac
count of the fighting by General Bil
derling's corps on October 12, when the
Russian right flank . was broken. It
now develops that disaster was averted
solely by the timely arrival of General
Sobeloff's Sixth .Siberian; Corps, com
posed almost 'entirely of " reservists,
many regiments of which were experi
encing their first taste of actual war.
As to the stories of General Kuro
patkln's intention of retreating It is
sufficient to refer to the energetic
scouting behind the Japanese lines to
show that the Russian commander is
determined to engage?- the enemy as
soon as the '„ weather permits.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 21, 2:30 a.
m.— Apart from skirmishes and ex
ploits of scouting parties there is al
most a complete suspension of opera
tions in Manchuria. Rain, Impassable
roads, and exhausted armies are fac
tors sufficient in themselves to explain
the cessation of hostilities, and these
conditions are aggravated by a dense
fog overspreading. the whole of the the
ater of war. . : - '
Soon ns Weather Permits.
Kuropatkin Will Resume Battle as
AWAITS DRYING OF ROADS.
It Is understood here that the Chin
ese clothing was not used by the Rus
s.'an troops to deceive the enemy, but
simply to make good the failure of
the Russian quartermaster department
to supply much-needed warm cloth-
Ing upon the sudden advent of cold
weather in Manchuria. Nevertheless
it is believed here that the wearing
of this Chinese clothing constitutes a
technical violation of the rules of war.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20.— As indi
cated in the Tokio dispatches, the Jap
anese Government has entered a for
mal protest against the use by certain
bodies of Russian troops of Chinese
clothing. The State Department has
transmitted the Japanese complaint to
the American Embassy in St. Peters
burg for presentation to the Russian
Government.
Chinese Clothins Donned by Russian
Soldiers to Keep Warm.
NOT USED AS A DISGUISE.
The warm clothing on the Japanese
corpses was promptly appropriated by
the Russians. More than 600 Japan
ese were buried on the hill.
The Wilmanstrand regiment, while
storming the front of the hill, fired
by mistake on some of their comrades,
who were circling the Japanese flank.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 20. — Ad
ditional details of the capture of Lone
Tree Hill bestow much credit on Col
onel Baskoff of the Thirty-sixth Rifles
Regiment, who was leading one of the
storming parties. Finding that his
men were giving way he seized the
regimental colors and dashed for
ward toward the Japanese trenches,
shouting: "Brothers, save the flag!"
The regiment, although terribly pun
ished, responded gallantly. The
wounded in the trenches fought with
their teeth.
Ferocity of the Combat on the Crest
of Lone Tree Hill.
WOUNDED FIGHT WITH TEETH.
Picture Frames.
Our Eastern selection of frames and
moldings for fall trade now in. Bettei
and more beautiful than ever before.
Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
Minister Powell Orders a Drink. Is
, Asked Five Dollars, but Pays
a Quarter.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20. — When W. F.
Powell, the negro, who represents this
country in Santo Domingo, strolled in
to a Lower Broadway cafe of the
swellest type, there was a flutter
among the hired help. The diplomat
sought a soft drink. After a hasty
consultation with his chief, the waiter
said: "That will cost you $5."
"I didn't ask you the re
turned Powell, repeating the order.
Having disposed of his soft drink, he
picked up the check and sauntered
over to the cashier's desk and threw It
down with 25 cents and his card.
"I am staying at the Astor House,"
he said, "and when you get ready to
sue for the $4 75 balance, your pro
cess servers will find me there."
House of Deputies will take up the
election of missionary Bishops for Han
kow, China; Salt Lake City. Utah;
Cuba and Mexico.
Marine Surgeon Jumps to Death.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. ' 20. — Suf
fering from acute nervous disorders.
Dr. Geonre H. Purviande of Wash
ington. D. C, assistant surgeon
general of the Marine Hospital Ser
vice, Jumped from a fourth story
window of the Orthopedic Hospital in
this city to-night and was instantly
killed. He was 63 years old.
NEGRO DIPLOMAT tfCTWITS
SWELL CAFE'S PROPRIETOR
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 20. — Miss L. Simms
of San Francisco to-day reported that
she had receive^ through the mall a
letter postmarked St. Louis, contain
ing letters, of credit for $1500 and
two railroad tickets stolen from her
several days ago by a burglar who
entered the cottage at 6924 Maple
avenue, where she Is staying during
her World's Fair visit. The hand
writing on the envelope was evidently
disguised, but the detectives are using
it in their efforts to trace the robber.
JIlss L. Slmms Receives by Post Tick
ets and Letters of Which She
. ¦ Had Been Robbed.
STOLEN VALUABLES SENT
BACK TO HER BY MAIL
"The gunners, refusing to surren
der, died to a man among their smok
ing guns, and the regiment swept on,
routing the Japanese from behind a
stone wall, whence they fled in con
fusion. Meantime the Third Battalion
surrounded a native .village, which
threatened the rear attacking col
umn. There was a hand-to-hand
fight in the streets before the village
was cleared of Japanese, and the bat
talion surrounded and burned a sec
ond village, taking a number of pris
oners, where there was. again an ex
ampJe of Japanese bravery. An of
ficer, his revolver empty, stood alone,
sword in hand, to receive the rush of
our column and went down fighting.
"Prisoners whom we captured early
In the fight were . kept in * the
trenches, but begged to be sent to the
rear, fearing to be recogmized by
their comrades as having sur
rendered."
"I have just met an officer of the
eastern column, who was with General
Mistchenko during the operation of Oc
tober 13. It seems the Japanese were
harrying his left flank while he was
trying simultaneously to keep in touch
with our eastern and with our central
forces. General Mistchenko appealed
for aid, and a squadron of dragoons
was sent to his support. This squad
ron occupied a hill southwest of Ya
nientun, a village seven miles north
west of Bentslaputze and on the Muk
den road. It turned out that the Jap
anese held a neighboring hill with a
force of infantry concealed In the
woods at the foot of the hill, and so
we sent another squadron to turn the
Japanese position. The country is in
tersected with ravines, and our caval
rymen were forced to go afoot. Cap
tain Sherubovich captured the hill, his
dragoons routing out the Japanese
from the woods at the foot of the hill
and fighting their way to the top. The
Japanese, seeing another squadron as
cending the opposite side, while a rifle
regiment was turning their flank,
feared we had cut them off from the
west road, which was the only line of
retreat they had, and began to retire
in disorder. We caught and cut down
groups as they tried vainly to gain the
western road. The dragoons used their
sabers with deadly effect, both in at
tacking the hill and during the retreat.
Some of the Japanese scorned to give
or take quarter, and died fighting, bay
onets against sabers, in the trenches,
while their companions fled."
In an account of the Russian cap
ture of Lone Tree Hill the correspon
dent says: ..--.-,
"On the night of October 18 the Jap
anese brought their rapid fire guns to
the front and we felt through the dark
ness, though we could scarcely see, a
desperate attack launched against the
whole line- Some say the object was
to retake the fifteen guns that we had
wrested from them, while others are
of the opinion that a general attack
had been planned of which this move
was a mere diversion, the main object
being to recapture the vital position of
Poutiloff, formerly Lone Tree Hill. In
any event the enemy found Kuropatkin
at home and they were not kept long
knocking at his front door.
"The first warning of their coming
was the rattle of quick firing guns con
centrated on the Nineteenth Regiment.
We lay silent while their artillery
thought it was paving the way for the
Japanese attack. Then came the In
fantry and we opened with the favorite
Russian volley firing. It was pitch
black, but as the darkness was lit up
with the glare of our volleys we could
faintly see the shadowy waves of the
enemy's Infantry breaking and sink
ing as they tried to breast our trenches.
The first fierceness of their attack
spent itself. Then came an unaccount
able panic that sometimes grips even
brave men in darkness. They seemed
to think we were advancing to attack,
for they turned and fled in confusion.
Now we have quiet nights. The troops
are resting. Japanese reports of their
victories are baseless.
MUKDEN, Oct. 20.— A Russian cor
respondent sends the following account
of an attempt of the Japanese to retake
Lone Tree Hill after the capture of
that important position by the Rus
sians:
Russians Hold to the Lone Tree Hill
Fortifications.
JAPANESE ATTACK FAILS.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 20. — The
Russian authorities have been unoffi
cially assured that the report that
the United States contemplated ten
dering its good offices in the interest
of the restoration of peace in the Far
East Is untrue. The assurance was
received with satisfaction, although
the report had not been given credence
In Government circles.
America Not to Interfere.
The House of Bishops to-day nomi
nated Henry D. Aves of Houston.
Texas, for missionary Bishop of Mex
ico, to have supervision over English
speaking congregations in that coun
try.
A two days' session of the National
Council of the Clerical Union for the
Maintenance and Defense of Catholic
Principles, a high church Organization,
was opened with solemn vespers at the
Church of the Advent to-night. Bishop
Isaac Lee Nicholson of Milwaukee,
president of the union, officiated.
The House of Deputies and the Bish
ops, sitting jointly as the board of mis
sions, heard reports from the mission
fields this afternoon. To-morrow the
In the opinion of Francis A. Lewis of
Philadelphia, a member of the commit
tee on canons, \who favored no re
marriage of any divorced persons, but
who accepted the compromise, the
canon adopted to-day, if indorsed by
the Bishops, will practically put the
church, as he expressed it, out of the
divorce business. Others, however,
claimed that they saw "loopholes" in it.
The vote on the passage stood: Cleri
cals—52 dioceses for, 7 against. 2 divid
ed; lay vote — 16 dioceses for, 5 against
and 2 divided.
BOSTON, Oct. 20.— By an overwhelm
ing majority a compromise canon on
the remarriage of divorced persons was
adopted by the House of Deputies of
the Episcopal General Convention to
day, and if it is concurred In by the
House of Bishops the most important
issue that has come before the present
convention will be disposed of for at
least three years.
The compromise measure, like the old
law, permits the remarriage of the in
nocent person in a divorce for the cause
of infidelity, but further provides that
no remarriage shall be allowed within
one year after a decree has been issued
by a civil court. Satisfactory proof of
the Innocence of the applicant for re
marriage must be furnished in the
shape of court records, and after the
consent of the Bishop is obtained a
clergyman may refuse to perform such
a ceremony without subjecting himself
to censure or discipline.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 20. — A
dispatch to the Bourse Gazette from
Mukden, dated October 19. says that
on October 18 a detachment of the
Russian vanguard on the west front
surrounded a Japanese battalion and
compelled it to lay down its arms. The
Bourse Gazette's correspondent at
Mukden adheres to the story that the
Japanese are slowly retiring.
Surprised by Russians and Compelled
to Lay Down Its Arms.
BRIDGEPORT. N. J.. Oct. 20.— Frank
Rasinger, whose handsome wife was
murdered Tuesday, with her babe on
her breast, was arrested this afternoon
and taken to the county Jail. As no di
rect proof had been obtained against
him he was not charged with the mur
der, but was held as a witness.
The prosecuting attorney and the
Coroner spent the greater part of the
day at the Rasinger farm, questioning
separately each member of the house
hold. They found that the exact dis
tance between the kitchen, where Mrs.
Rasinger was killed, and the spot in
the carriage house, where Rasinger
says he was sorting potatoes. Is sixty
one feet. The kitchen windows were
open and as the outbuilding is a mere
shed, with cracks showing everywhere,
there should have been no difficulty in
hearing the shots, which the husband
protests he did not hear.
Raslnger's explanation was that he
thought the door had slammed, but his
hired boy, Everett Shepherd, who was
a quarter of a mile away, heard the
shots distinctly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JAPANESE BATTALION . TAKEN.
How nearly this came to pass is told
In a private letter from an officer par
ticipating in the Liaoyang fight on the
Russian right flank. The letter, how
ever, gives even a . worse picture than
hitherto drawn of the terrible miscar
riage of plans in connection with Or
loff's division. Orloff was directed to
take and hold at all costs a naturally
strong position dominating the Russian
eastern flank. The hill In question was
unoccupied, and Orloff had three regi
ments to throw upon it in abundant
time to head off Kuroki. But, through
a bungling" of directions, the force was
actually lost in the fields of Chinese
corn, and entirely missed Its objective,
meeting the Japanese before either had
occupied the position. Orloff lost many
of his best officers, while his force was
crumpled up and In aimless retreat
through the dense corn fields, when
Stakelberg came to his rescue. Stakel
berg retrieved what otherwise would
have been a disastrous defeat, but the
rescue was too late to give Kuropatkin
MUKDEN. Oct. 15.— There are now
available for the first time two inter
esting technical statements. One Is
General Kuropatkln's order of battle at
Liaoyang, Issued between the evacua
tion of the advanced positions on the
southern front and the desperate Jap
anese assaults on August 30 and 31 on
the main positions around the town.
The other Is a detailed description of
the military defenses of Liaoyang,
Tvrltten by an expert Russian officer on
the ground. This shows clearly that,
though Liaoyang was fortified to the
limit of military engineering skill, Ku
ropatkin had made all preparations in
advance for the withdrawal of the Rus
sian army in case a decisive victory
was not achieved. The statement also
shows that this withdrawal of the com
missariat and supplies had begun early
in July, and it was only the reserve
stock of supplies, which had been re
tained in case of a Russian victory,
that was removed on August 31.
It is also significant that even early
in July the bulk of the supplies that
were removed were transported to Tie
Pass, indicating no intention at that
date of making a decisive stand at
Mukden. It Is made clear that the only
danger threatening the defense of and
withdrawal from J Liaoyang was the
possibility that Japanese, traversing
the hills to the eastward, would make
a descent on the railroad about Yentai.
This was provided against and actually
occurred. It was here, If at all, that
Kuropatkin hoped to catch the Japan
ese in their own trap and defeat them
in detail.
Private Letter Reveals the Extent of
• General Orlott"s Blunder.
COMPROMISE
ON DIVORCE
QUESTION
HUSBAND NOW
UNDER ARREST
any chance of the victory for which he
had hoped, and it was only by the ut
most exertion and skill that the Rus
sian army was safely withdrawn north
ward.
ECHO OF LIAOYANG BATTLE.
A junk which left Liaoti Promontory
yesterday was driven by a gale and ar
rived here to-night, bringing one hun
dred coolies <who left Port Arthur be
cause they feared injury from the Jap
anese shells. These coolies say that
on October 13 there was fierce fighting
for several hours on the slopes of Rih
lung Mountain between comparatively
small forces, during which the Japan
ese lost 300 killed or wounded. The
coolies were unable to give details of
the fighting, but apparently it was the
result of one of the numerous sorties
made by the Rusians against the Jap
anese, r/ho were attempting to ad
vance from their trenches.
A Junk which reached this port to
day from Port Dalny was allowed to
leave only on condition that she take
no coolies, whom the Japanese are
liFinp in large numbers in construct
ing warehouses and removing the dead
and wounded. The wounded are tak
en to the railroad and thence are
transported to Dalny, from which port
they are shipped to Japan. The Jap
anese have practically completed im
mense warehouses between Port Dalny
and Port Arthur and have therein sup
plies sufficient to last them until
spring. Similar preparations have been
made at Newchwang and the Japanese
evpect the release of sixty transports
next month.
CARIXG FOR THE WOUNDED.
Meanwhile the Japanese siege guns
continued to drop big shells into the
harbor, the Japanese claiming that
they damaged the Russian gunboat
Gtllak. which is alleged to have been
hit three times and to have changed
her anchorage from the east basin to
the shelter of Tiger Hill. It is also
believed that the funnel of another
Russian warship was pierced, as a
dense cloud of smoke followed the
landing of a shell on board her.
A Chinese who arrived here to-day
declares that during the Japanese as
sault on Rihlung Mountain the Rus
eian battleships fired almost incessant
ly to the north.
The Japanese at Taku Mountain
have dropped a ceaseless storm of
shell? on the Chinese town, and many
rifle bullets also fell in the place. The
Chinese adds that the fighting was
very severe and that the Japanese
loss was considerable. He says he left
Port Arthur on October IS because he'
was frightened by the shells.
It Is asserted that the Russian force
at Port Arthur row numbers 50,000,
excluding the militia, which is not en
pac'-d in the fighting, but patrols the
streets, doing provost duty and guard
ing the arsenals.
Winter clothing is very scarce at
Port Arthur, shoes particularly. The
Russian soldiers are wearing Chinese
shoes. Some of them are unable to
obtain even these and wrap rags about
their feet. The garrison is greatly
•worn out by the many rronths of anx
ious labor and fighting. The town 13
full of wounded. Flour is plentiful,
ar.d the slaughter of horses, mules and
donkeys continues. Chinese who have
reached Chefu from Port Dalny say
that Japanese reinforcements continue
to arrive daily. The Japanese confirm
this.
RUSSIAN" WARSHIPS HIT.
According to Chinese advices which
reached here to-day, and which are
confirmed in essential points by Jap
anese letters from Port Dalny, the Jap
anese made assaults on the remaining
outer works of Rihlung Mountain at
dawn on October 8 and were repulsed.
The following day the Russians made
an attack on the Japanese trenches,
and they, in turn, were repulsed. The
Japanese immediately followed with
another assault, resulting in the cap
ture of an iron railroad bridge and the
heights south of the bridge, which is
only £00 yards from the main fortress.
Tho importance of these captures lies
in the fact that they curtail the Rus
sian fire in harassing Japanese who
may attempt to advance on the
trenches located on the slope of Rih
lung: Montain. This attack seems to
have been a surprise for the Russians.
th<> Japanese claiming that they lost
only fifty men. Since the capture of
the prints mentioned, the Japanese as
eert, they successfully resisted numer
ous sorties to recapture them.
At 10 o'clock in the morning of Octo
ber 12 seven Russian torpedo-boat de
stroyers emerged from the harbor of
Port Arthur, and later they were fol
lowed by two more destroyers. This
squadron proceeded to Shaopintau and
bombarded the Japanese left flank.
Four Japanese torpedo-boat destroyers
hurried to the pcene and the Russians
retired to the harbor, followed by the
Japanese. The pursuit ceased upon
entering the mined area. One Japanese
destroyer, while returning, hit a me
chanical mine, and was severely dam
aged, but . c he managed to reach Port
Dalny, and is now being repaired.
The most important recent events at
Port Arthur include the capture by the
Japanese of further minor positions
near Rihlung Mountain, and the severe
damage of a Japanese torpedo-boat de
etroyer by striking a floating mine.
JAPANESE LINES ADVANCE.
CHEFU, Oct. 20.— According to a
camp follower who has been for some
time with the Japanese army now be
sieging Port Arthur and who Is at
present in Chefu, having arrived from
r>alny, the number of Japanese killed
before the forts has reached 50,000. He
Bays the Mikado's men recklessly at
tacked the strongest positions, making
bold rushes in masses the soldiers be
ing stripped of their accouterments and
clothing. The result was that the Rus
sian machine guns mowed them down.
He also asserts that there is some talk
among the officers and men that leads
to the belief that the Japanese mean
to try to carry the inner forts and
citadel this month.
"There has been no change in front
of the center army, except that there
are occasional exchanges of shells.
"It is quiet in front of the left army,
though the enemy occasionally sends
shells UTward our positions. On the
night of October 18 the enemy attacked
the front of the left column, but was
repulsed."
"Yesterday the center column of the
right army attacked and dislodged the
enemy's cavalry holding Tunchiafen,
but a small body of the enemy's in
fantry has returned to that eminence.
The enemy continues to hold Waitao
Mountain.
The Russian forces have been rein
forced by about 30,000 men of the Sev
enteenth Corps, a large portion of the
Tenth Corps and portions of the Fifth
and Sixth Siberian Corps, which re
cently arrived. In all six divisions of
the Russian army now confront the
Japanese left army.
It is announced at headquarters here
that the Japanese left army captured,
near Langtouchleh. six ammunition
carts, 5354 rifles, 4920 rounds of field
gun ammunition, 78,000 rounds of rifle
ammunition and tents, clothing, sabers
and implements.
Manchurian headquarters, telegraph
ing yesterday, reviews the situation at
the front as follows:
TOKIO, Oct. 20.— Reliable reports re
ceived from private sources estimate
the losses of the Japanese left army
(General Oku's) during the recent
battle at about 5000.
* The number of Russian dead is large
ly increased by the further diecovery of
bodies, notwithstanding the nightly re
movals by lantern light.
At 7:30 o'clock this morning the
Russians made a determined counter
attack at Lamuting with two regi
ments of infantry and two batteries of
artillery. They were repulsed after a
half hour's fighting, with heavy loss.
The Japanese left army during the
past seven days' fighting has captured
thirty-four guns, a large number of
rifles and overcoats and 100 prisoners.
The strength of the Russians opposed
to the left army was three corps and
thirty companies of artillery. All but
a very small part were newly, arrived
troops. The Japanese soldiers were
practically the same that fought be
fore Liaoyang.
Chinese report that heavy works are
ready for the Russians along the Hun
River. The Japanese are undecided
where the next stand will be made.
The principal Russian casualties oc»
curred in determined counter attacks
against each village captured by the
Japanese. The Russian attacking par
ties were in many cases entirely an
nihilated. For the first time the Rus
sians have met the Japanese on an
equal footing, not having strong de
fensive positions to depend upon, and
for the first time they attacked the
Japanese in the latter's own trenches.
The Russians everywhere fought
bravely, but they were unable to drive
the JaDanese out or to hold their own
positions against fierce charges. Al
most in every case the Russians re
tired from their positions at the first
charge, then made repeated attempts
to recapture them.
The Japanese left army, with a
front of nearly ten miles, moved for
ward about five miles, fighting over
every inch of ground. The final re
treat of the Russians was almost a
rout this morning. The Japanese ex
treme left advanced, driving the rem
nant of Russians ahead. The Russians
covered their retreat well with artil
lery and carried away much baggage
and manv wounded.'
WITH GENERAL OKU'S LEFT
ARMY, Sunday, Oct. 16.— The seven
days' battle north of Yentai was the
heaviest blow yet struck the Russians
by the Japanese, so far as loss of life
is concerned. The left Japanese army
during the week buried 4100 Russian
dead left in front of its lines. A vil
lage in front of the left wing contains
many Russian dead, but the shell flre
of the retreating Russians prevents
the Japanese reaching them. Con
servative estimates place the Russian
casualties at not less than 25,000.
Probably many more dead are on the
field, in places not yet searched.
The Japanese report their total cas
ualties at a little more than 3000
killed and wounded.
Victory Bought at
Heavy Cost in
Lives.
ThousandsofRus
sian Dead Are
Interred.
Oku's Loss in the
Battle Totals
5000 Men.
3rown Men Slowly
Closing Upon
Stoessel.
Belated Advices
From General
Oku's Camp.
Thirty Thousand
Slav Troops
Arrive.
MUKDEN, Oct. 20.— The Japanese are
fond of night attacks, which they or
ganize cleverly. They light a series of
enormous camp fires at false bivouacs
and then stealthily creep upon the
Russian sentinels, who, peering into
the darkness And blinded by the glare,
cannot see the Japanese approaching.
Or they take advantage of a rainstorm
and try to surprise the Russians, on
Tuesday night they adopted both ruses,
but ran into a hornet's nest. The night
was inky black, rain was falling and a
cold wlud was blowing.
"A fine night for the Japanese," every
one said, and the Russians huddled in
the trenches had strict orders that if
the expected but uninvited guests ap
peared they should not fire, but meet
them with the bayonet. It was so dark
that a person could not see his hand
before his face, except vaguely.
Through the rain, in the direction of
the false campflres, all eyes were
strained and ears listened intently. The
wind, which was as cold as ice and cut
to the bone, was suddenly freighted
with ominous sounds, an unmistakable
squash In the mire and squirting of
water under the tramp of hurrying feet,
accompanied by the metallic rattle of
arms. The Russians stooped lower.
The officers passed along another cau-
MUKDEN, Oct. 20. — The hostile
armies . have to-day been concealed
from view of each other by a dense fog.
In which It has been Impossible to
make out objects at a distance of 100
paces. Under such conditions only un
important operations are possible, such
as surprises and ambushes. - Possibly,
were the roads in better condition, the
fog might favor movements of troops
and concentrations at unexpected
points, but without question operations
on a large scale would be too danger
ous, and so everything has been quiet
on the front to-day. Neither cannon
ading nor musketry firing has been
audible.
An exchange of artillery flre con
tinued on October 18 and 19, the Russian,
center advancing slightly each day
under a heavy shell fire.
On the left the Russians are in a
good position, on a high hill overlook
ing the Shakhe River, which they have
held since October 16, despite an almost
continuous bombardment and frequent
infantry attacks.
On the right the Russians are using
mortars in an endeavor to dislodge the
Japanese from a small hill in the plain.
WITH THE RUSSIAN POSITION
Sinchinpu still remains, half in Rus
sian hands and half in the haiids of the
Japanese. The former have not been
able to dislodge the latter from the
Buddhist temple which they so thor
oughly fortified when the village was
occupied by their forces.
tion— under no circumstances to nre,
but to meet the Japanese with the
bayonet. ' ,
• On they came. The Russians could
already see the silhouettes of the Jap
anese and watched the approach of
their victims with grim satisfaction,
their only anxiety being iest some
nervous soldier might | fire and thus
spoil the game. The Japanese came on,
straining their eyes in the darkness,
evidently believing that the Russians
were not so close.
When they were right under their
feet, the. Russians arpse as. if out of
the ground and, with a hurrah, wildly
fell upon them with, the bayonet. The
front ranks of the Japanese broke,
turned and smashed , into the second
line, throwing the whole force into dis
order. Like a rabble they tried to es
cape, but the Russians gave them no
mercy, bayoneting them as 'they pur
sued. For a mile the work of slaughter
proceeded and few of the Japanese
lived to carry back the tale. In the
morning the- ground was strewn with
corpses.
AT THE VILLAGE OF HUANSIANT.
TEN MILES SOUTH OF MUKDEN.
Oct. 20.— All has been quiet to-day on
the western front. There were isolated
discharges -of artillery In the early
hours of the day, but later complete
silence prevailed. : . • .
There was a sudden attack by the
Japanese at 3:25 o'clock yesterday
afternoon on the Russian advanced po
sitions southwest of Mukden, held by
the Thirty-fifth Rifles, belonging to
General Kondratovlch's division. Col
onel Mustnitsky promptly sent out
three companies to make a counter
attack and the Japanese quickly fell
back, having sustained severe losses.
The Russian casualties were three
killed and eleven wounded. The Jap
anese were pressed so hard that they
were obliged to abandon a gun bearing
the number 363, but before abandoning
the pun the breech block was removed.
The limber contained forty-four rounds
of ammunition. Thanks to the dense
fog prevailing at the time, the Rus
sians . were abl9 to remove the gun
without the loss of a single man.
A few scouts belonging to the same
regiment that night raided the Japan
ese trenches and brought away a num
ber of entrenching tools.
Dense Fog Settles
Over Battlefield
Japanese Defeated
In a Night Attack
Minor Forts
Are Taken by
the Besiegers
Oyama Reports
That the Enemy
Is Reinforced
Japanese Left
Army Inflicts
Crushing Blow
NOGI'S ARMY ADVANCES ITS LINE NEARER PORT ARTHUR FORTRESS,
WHILE RAIN BALKS SHAKHE FOES AND NEITHER SIDE GAINS GROUND
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21; 1904.
3
. . ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ten dollars will buy you more clothes value here
\is<2r'-~x elsewhere, for the very good reason that we make
I^K^^^^^^^^^^^ %.&Jfo every garment ourselves and sell direct to the wearer
Tpp j^P/, at a saving of the middleman's profit.
Ift^^^^^^S^-^^T^S^ Ten dollars will buy you a ready-to-wear suit cut
MSm^'~ • "M 98?p " alon g latest fall lines from fabrics which are being
l^^^^^^^^m ¦ &$&%>50lry sought by very careful dressers. In the collection are
:r^^0'^^^ > browns, blues, grays and blacks. If you could find a
W^^^^^^^m -^ Suit m other sto r es as £ ooci as ours the P rice would be
h^^ ** ° m " en ars Wl11 buy you a ready-to-wear overcoat
' liiill ! n any s * y ' e fr° m ? s hort top coat down to a long fifty-
IBBi ' nc^ g arment cpming almost to your ankles. The as-
W^0^m^^m lillp sortment contains every style, color and fabric known
f^^^P^W-. Illlii to overcoats. You are sure to find what you want in
WS ipfit Cravenette raincoat, which we guarantee to be water-
111^ Better come in at your earliest opportunity and see
Hats *300 I S-N-WOOn &fO I Underwear$5.00
These hats at $3.00 are really the best you V^ I Vr .____*'V*7 \ }^ Made by the Brooklyn Knitting Co. High-
ever saw for the price; stylish, well blocked, * ! — "^ : grade garments of silk and worsted; $3.00
neatly trimmed; $4.00 b their actual value. } 740 Market Street and even $10.00 values for $500 a suiL."52.00; buys a card Z index 500
record : cards and 25 guide cards." Loose
leaf ledgers, price books and good print
ing. Saaborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market sU*
Card ' Systems and Cabinets.
Many a man who. says he has great
presence of mind manages successfully
to conceal it.
The fine weather has greatly encour
aged the students at Mills College ana
the open-air performance of "As You
Like It" on Saturday afternoon by the
Ben Greet players for the benefit of
the endowment fund promises to . be
one of the great events of the season..
The charming . comedy . will be given
on a stage built "under the greenwood
tree" and the college lawn will be the
auditorium. The costuming arid mu
sic will- receive the most careful at
tention and the cast .is a very strong
one. ¦ .
Ben Greet is deemed one of the great
est of Touchstones. and all who saw
Constance Crawley in "Everyman" are
av/aiting her Rosalind with, interest.
In the evening at half-past 8 '"The
Merchant of Venice" will be given in
the handsome music hall (Lisser
Hall). Between the,: performances a
supper will be served by the young
ladies. The 1 and '7 o'clock -broad
gauge to Twenty-third avenue connect
with electric line direct to the college.
This will be the only open air per
formance iby the Greet Company In
California;- although in England Greet
is -famous for his productions in this
line, . -
To Give "As You Like It" on the Lawn
nml •'Merchant of Ven
ice" Indoors.
The members of the Gentlemen's So
dality of St. Ignatius Church are hold
ing final rehearsals of the beautiful
and impressive play of "Dante." writ
ten by Rev. J. F. X. O'Conor, S. J.,
and to be produced in an elaborate
manner at St. Ignatius Hall, next Mon
day evening. October 24. Rev. Father
Butler, S. J., and Professor George
Nicholls are jointly directing the pro
duction, which is expected to eclipse
any dramatic event in the history of
SI. Ignatius Hall. The tableaux' and
costumes are reproductions from the
works of Gustave Dore, the famous il
lustrator of the conceptions of. the
Italian poet, and the spectacular scene
of Dante in the ; realm of , Lucifer is
to be, presented with stupendous elec
tricar and mechanical ; v The
title role will be in the hands of James
Bacigalupi, who won artistic honors
In "the part of Judas Iscariot In the
original production of Clay Greene's
"Passion Play" at Santa Clara College.
Frederick Churchill, A. B.. of Sf-Ig
natiua,- College, who .has. successfully
essayed many Shakespearean roles,
will , have the part of the poet, 'Vir
gil,* and ;William A. Breen, another
pcst-graduate of the same institution,
will have the important part of the
villain, Corso Donati. The drama will
bf repeated on the evenings of
Wednesday and Friday, October 26
and 28. The play will be superbly
mounted and there will be 150 people
Jn the cast
Play .Written by Clci-^yinan Will Soon
i Be Seen at St. Igna
thifti Hull.
BEN GREETS PLAYERS WILL
BE SEEN* AT MILLS COLLEGE
"DANTE" TO BE PRESENTED
BY GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY
J. O. Royer, T. M. Drennan, W. B.
Forden and B. Randall, owners of
thirty-four mining claims in Yuraa
County, Ariz., known as the Colonel
Davis, Osbourne, Drennan, Forden and
Randall groups. ¦ have. sold their com
bined interest to a company newly or
ganized under the laws of Arizona
with a capital of $1,500,000 and known
as the Quar.tz King. Mining Company
with offices at JLIOD-Claus Spreckels
building, this city. The company has
now in all 164 claims joining, and
promises to be. one of the largest gold
mining enterprises in Arizona. The fol
lowing officers were elcted' at a re
cent meeting-: President, Theodore A.
Bell; vice • president, James G. Ma
guire: secretary, Dr. W. B. Forden;
treasurer, Lewis D. Wallenstein; de
positary, Bank of California; general
manager, Julien O. Royer;- consulting
engineer. O. E. Clark: agent for Ari
zona, Thomas M. Drennan; agent for
New York. Meyer Wood. -
"Quartz King:" Organizes.
The tickets will be ready Monday
morning at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s and
the price of admission including re
served seat is $1.
Mrs. W. P. Buckingham, the well
known club woman, will make her
debut as a professional reader at Lyric
Hall next Tuesday night and appear
again on the following Saturday aft*
ernoon (October 29) in costume read
ings of "Macbeth." Elegant costumes
have been designed by Mrs. Bucking
ham especially for these appearances.
For many years this charming worn
ar> has given her assistance as an
entertainer to many charities and so
cieties and now that she comes before
the public as a professional, her friends
and admirers will do their utmost to
assist her in making a great success
of her venture.
Weil-Known Club Woman Who Has
Often Read for Charity Will
Appear as Professional.
READINGS FROM "MACBETH"
BY MKS. W. P. BUCKINGHAM
The musicians were: Piano — Misses L.
Beaumont. M. Kilcommon, M. McFadden A.
Messmer. E. Gaffney, D. Gallatin. M. Ilos-a.
A GALAXY OF TALEXT.
"The PudIIs" Stcry of Fifty Years." drama
In six scenes — DrawiEtla personae: California.
Miss Josephine Taylor; Luplta. the spirit of
the missions Miss Clelia Cuneo; Erin. Miss
Maud Kilcommon: Faith Mies Alice Messmer;
Hope. Miss Annie Williams: Charity, Miss Ella
Gaffney; Tempora, Miss Dessle Gallatln; Nuns
— Misses Mary McFadden. May Rosa, Jennie
Bowen. Dessle Gallatin, Irene Glover. Anita
Grondona; guardian angels of the province of
Ireland — Misses May Gaffney, Julia Donlgan,
Hannah Dougherty, Hazel Ferguson; spirits of
opposition — MlFses Ethel Davis. Grace McFee
ly. Winifred McLauehlln, Genevleve Itooney,
Florence de Andrles, Carrie Macslora, Annie
•Gracchi. Sophie Leonie; good spirits— Misses
Alice Thompson, Teresa Olcese. Jcsie Campo
donico. Alma McNulty. Madeline Galvin. Mar
garet Gallagher, Edith Page. Hannah Clifford;
dancers — Mimes Isabel Mcran. May Clifford,
Eveline Buckley, Irene Cassidy. Maud Carr.
Kathleen Fagan. Vera McNulty. Ella Carson.
Choruses of .children of California and Ire
land — Opening chorus and scene 1, California:
piccolo, four Dlanos (Ilrahm); scene II and
III. Ireland — "March- Heroique." six pianos
(Heist): sct'fies IV and V, California — dance.
Miss; Browoll; galop,* five planes (Knabel);
scene VI. California— "Star of Gold," orches
tra; rhorus. "Thou Art All Fair," tableau;
"Graduates* Farewell." chorus.
The following was the entertainment
programme, together with those who
took part:
tlrely upon the education received by
the children. .«
The Archbishop traced the work of
the Sisters, showing that their efforts
had been rewarded with great results,
notwithstanding trie difficulties under
which they labored.
Graduating honors were conferred on
the following:
Mies Maud C. Kllcommon, Miss Odetsa A.
Gallatin, Miss Mary E. McFadden. Miss Lillian
Q. Beaumont. Miss May G. Rosa, Miss Ella
C Gaffney MIfs Alice M. Messmer. Miss Anna
G. Williams, M15S M. Josephine Taylor.
Gold medal gift of Rev. T. Caraher. award
ed to Miss Anna G. Williams for Christian doc
trine. Saleslan medal awarded to Miss Maud
C. Kilcommon for church history. Gold medals
for highest merits awarded to Miss Alice Mess
mer, academic class; Miss Jofie Campodonico,
preparatory- academic class. Gold medals for
music, gifts of Mrs. J. Kirk. Miss Miller and
J. Oliva, awarded to Miss Marie Bardet, Miss
Mary Daly and Miss Ella Gaffney. Gold medal
for Latin awarded to Miss Mary E. McFadden.
The Rev. Father Cummins, chancellor; the
Rev. Father Canlwell, secretary to the Arch
bihhop: the Rev. Father Cleary, the Very Rev.
V Nugent. C. M. ; the Rev. Father Morris,
C. M.; the Rev. Father O'Rlordan: the Rev.
Father Augustine. O. S. F.; the Rev. Father
Otis, C. S. P.: the Rev. Father Stark, C. S.
P.; the Rev. Father Collins; the Rsv. Father
nutler, 8 J. ; the Rev. Father Klely; the Rev.
Father Brennan, the Rev. Father Hayden; the
Rev. Father Redahan, the Rev. Father Buss,
the Rev. Father Newel). O. P. : the Rev.
Father Walsh S. J. ; Brother Xenophon.
Brother Novatian and Brother Hosea.
The clergymen present .were
Other pupils taking part— E. Adams, M.
Almagla, M. Arata, L Arata, B. Amatl, J.
Butler. E. Baclagulpl. I R. Bocca, R. Roschet
tl I. Bright. I. Bennett, M. BufTa. M. Buckley,
M. Brusher, J. Buckley. F. Caratto, E. Con
way. M. Corproviza, R. Cereghino. L. Chi
arpari. E. Crasp. L. Corslglia, E. Congrove,
E. Cuneo.. A. Daly. C. Daly. F. Daly. M.
Dcrham, A. Doran, A. Demarchi. L. de Martini.
M. Daken, N. de Andreis 1. de Grazta, L.
de I'ranco, M. Fitzgerald. M. Farrell. R.
Fabris. F. Forno. A. Grondona, L. Gallatln,
E. • Gallagher, M. Guinapso, L. Giambruno, C.
GafTney, C Canlella. C. Gabriel, M. Glannot
ti. J. GroMkoph. G. Hamon. M. Hamon. .L.
Humphreys. R. Johnson, A. King. M. Klrby,
I. Kirby. N. Kelly. J. Lowrie. A. Lowney,
I. Madden. C. McFeely A. Meehan. E. Mee
han. A. Miller. M. Miller. F. Marsili, E. Mess
mer, L. Messmer, M. Madine. V. McGrath,
B. Munn. E. Murzl, Mrs. McCarthy. D. Mc-
Nulty. M. McCormack, N. Noto .1. Olcese,
N OSulIlvan. M. O'Donnell. M.' O'Hare, L.
Prendergast. S. Perez, A. Pochlna, E. Pinaglla,
A. Qulnn, E. Rossi. V. Rossi. F. Ragusa.
M Reed. M. Ratto. T. Santo, K. Sherry, E.
Sterling, M. Stuart. J. Sehlvo. M. Stafford. L.
Stoffer. H. Sweeney, J. Tofanelll, A. Torrisc
gino, R. Vaccarrl, V. Valenti. T. Vannuccl,
A. Votto. M. Woodraansee, J. Wallace.
Violin — Misses C. MeLellan. A. Thompson,
H. Stevens; Masters W. Ryan, M. Cohn, J.
Steffen, F. de Andreis, G. Ryan, L. Bardet,
C. Steffen. H. Stelllng, D. Wallace, R. Buck
ley. M. Barsotti R. Uozetta. W. Thompson,
W. Murphy, H. MeFe»ly.
Mandolin— Misses M. Gardelia, C. Favllla,
H. Ott. E. MeLellan. C. KennlfTi Masters J.
King, H. Brusco.
Guitar— Mrs. Brusher, Misses M. Benker, M.
Ott.
Flute — Misses A. Cotter, A. Thompson.
Cornet — Miss G. Bogan; Masters G. Murphy,
L. Bccan.
Bandurrla — Master ' J. Aurrecoechea.
A. Williams. J. Taylor. M. Bardet. M. Daly,
M. Fitzgerald, E. Brusco. J. Campodonico,
L. Campodonico, R. Cardinale. J. Bowen. A.
MfNulty. V.- Heffernan*. H. Dougherty, J.
Schlrmer, M. Bla«I, S. Selenger, L. Ryan,
A. Hynes. T. Wallace. E. Marslll, A. Kerr.
Organ — Miss L. Beaumont, Mies J. Campo
donico.
FAIR GRADUATES OF PRESENTATION CONVENT WHO RECEIVED THEIR DI
PLOMAS YESTERDAY. READING FROM LEFT TO RIGHT THEY ARE: UP
PER ROW— MISS A. G. WILLIAMS. MISS O. A. GALLATIX. MISS A. M. MESS
MER, MISS E. C. QAFFNEY. MISS M. E. McFADDEN': SECOND ROW— MISS
M. G. KOSA, MISS M. J. TAYLOR, MISS L. Q. BEAUMONT, MISS M. C. KIL
COMMOX.
The golden jubilee and graduating
exercises of the Presentation Convent,
Powell street, were celebrated at the
Tivoli Opera-house yesterday after
noon in the presence of the Most Rev.
Archbishop Riordan, priests and sisters
representing the various orders in San
Francisco and vicinity.
The or>era-house was crowded, and
the nature of the exercises was in
beautiful harmony with the occasion.
After an overture, and a vocal solo by
Miss Lillian Beaumont, a drama in six
scenes, entitled "The Pupil's Story of
Fifty Years." was presented. In it were
Known children of the early days ask
ing "California," played by Miss Jo
sephine Taylor, to bring them teach
ers. The scene moved later to Ireland,
where a wealth of pretty lasses, some
in pink and ahamrock-decked frocks
and others In green and gold, gave fair
"California" welcome. One of the most
effective scenes was enacted when the
good nuns, as was the case fifty years
ago, embarked for the Golden West.
The singing and the dancing, the
poetry and the strains of gentle music,
all tended toward a sweet interpreta
tion of the very pretty story.
And after the entertainment came the
very pleasant ceremony of conferring
honors on the graduating class, which
was performed by the Archbishop, who
¦was assisted by the Rev. Father T.
Caraher, pastor of St. Francis Church,
and the Rev. Father McGough.
Prior to the presentation Miss Lillian
Beaumont read the following address
to the Archbishop:
Vnn Rtverrnd Archbishop — It fills our
heart* with Joy to have the privilege of your
Graf?'* presence at the celebration of this
happy *v«it of the golden jubilee of the coming
of the Presentation Nuns to our country. We
wtJeom* your Grace from our heart of hearts.
To-<iay we nrf- reminded cf your Grace's
*e!nt!y predecessor, most Reverend Joseph
Eadoc Alcrr.any. Our retrospective glance be
holds him meeting our sisters vrlth kindly
rre*ting and encouraging them to persevere
ejnong the clouds ao4 thorns of those early
davs *nd promising the crown of success,
which srt witness under your Grace's fostering
c»re. «¦ tr arc launched into the progress of
the c«w century.
Though the pioneer sisters hax-« long since
The education of children, he consid
ered, was the question of the hour be
fore the American people. It was not a
question of how many are growing rich
or as to the greatest railroads, but it
was a question of the men and women
of the future, for, he said, on the qual
ity of the men and women depends the
future prosperity and influence of the
country, and the quality depends en-
FUTURE MEN AND WOMEN.
Archblshop Riordan. after Investing
the graduates with the honors and giv
ing- them their diplomas, spoke of the
happy event, which they had gathered
to celebrate— the golden jubilee of the
Presentation Convent in conjunction
with the graduating exercises. In song
and tableaux they had. celebrated the
great event which was of interest to all
Catholic people. His Grace described
the benefits that had come to the city
by the efforts of the Sisters.
We Vg your Grace's blessing for our parents
our friends and your devoted children of th«
PruKntitlon.
Will your Grace pardon us Jf we avail of
tliffc first opportunity to thank you for the
paternal kindness you have shown our sisters
in helping and encouraging the work to which
th»y devote their lives? and we. your children,
thaYik your Grace for the magnificent school
you. have had built for us this memorable year,
and to which you so nobly contributed.
This manifestation of interest you take in our
comfort, our education and our progress, fills
us with gratitude and w* hope our future Jives
will be a proof of our constant appreciation of
your goodnecs.
Th*re yet remains one among us who saw
the humble beginning of the pioneer sisters
In the North Beach shanty in ISM and who
munificently befriended them, who gave them
his advice, his sympathy and his kindly ser
vices — and that friend is tin Hon. Judge Rob
ert Tobin. Hu associates in kindly deeds to
the pioneer sitters have gone to their reward,
but th«ir rames are gratefully inscribed in the
annals of the Presentation Order.
REMEMBER JUDGE TOBIX.
gona to th Mr reward, they seem to-day to live
onre again In the affectionate remembrance of
many hearts. We children of to-day love to
h ar our parents and the pupils of the past re
call tr.e memory of the beloved Mother M.
Teresa Comerford, whose piety, sweet person
ality and many gifts influenced all who ap
prejehfd her to do great things for th« glory
of God. While the indomitable energy in
school of Mother M. Xavier Daly, her tact In
d«>velc:>injr the minds at the pupils and her
lifelong devotion to their education, will keep
her memory ever in benediction.
Blobbs— "I never knew a fellow so
fond of borrowing trouble as Bjones."
Slobbs — "What has he done now?"
Blobbs — "Run off with another man's
wife."
The Friday evening lecture at the
South Park Settlement will be given
by Miss Josephine Beedy of the Ala
meda High School. She will tell of the
history and art treasures of Florence,
Jlustrating her talk with stereopticon
pictures.
Lectnre on Florence.
DENVER. Oct. 20. — Police Captain
Frank Lee received information to
day that his brother. Timothy J. Lee*
the American locomotive engineer
who has been held in prison at Zaca
tects. Mexico, since May 1 last,
has been found guilty of responsibil
ity for the wrecking of a train which
his engine was pulling and has been
sentenced to hard labor In the salt
mine9 for four years.
United States Senator Thomas M.
Patterson will continue his efforts to
have the State Department at Wash
ington Intercede in the man's behalf.
Engineer Lee was seriously injured in
the accident for which he was im
prisoned.
American Sentenced to Four Years in
the Salt Mines by a Mex
ican Court.
HARD LABOR FOR EXGIXEER
RESPONSIBLE FOR WRECK
The. King, as usual with American
guests, demanded their latest stories
and chatted most informally until near
the end of the luncheon, when he rose
and proposed the health of President
Roosevelt, the American navy and the
officers of the visiting squadron. No
formal reply was made, but Admiral
Jewell told King Edward how much he
appreciated the compliment. The King
chatted with each member of the party,
showed them the palace pictures and
ended the most cordial informal party
by saying lie was always pleased to see
American war vessels in English ports.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— "The American
navy, may its glory never grow less,"
were the words in which King Edward
toasted his naval guests at the lunch
eon at Buckingham Palace to-day.
Embassador Choate first presented
Rear Admiral Jewell, commanding the
European squadron of the North At
lantic fleet, and his staff. Captain Col
by of the cruiser Olympia and Lieu
tenants William C. Watts and Charles
T. Jewell, aids of the admiral, who
were accompanied by Secretary White
and Captain Charles H. Stockton, the
naval attache of the American Em
bassy. Then with an informal "Well,
let's have lunch." the King, wearing
an admiral's uniform, led the way to
the dining»room, where eighteen per
sons sat down, mostly members of the
household. Other guests were Captain
Prince Louis jof Battenberg, Director of
Naval Intelligence; Admiral Lord Wal
ter Kerr, First Lord of the Admiralty,
and Sir Thomas Lipton. Embassador
Choate was on the King's right and
Admiral Jewell on his left.
PEKING. Oct. 20.— The trademark
registration act, which will come into
operation on October 23, is regarded as
unsatisfactory by the commercial com
munities of Shanghai and Tientsin. The
scale of fees is looked upon as being
too elaborate and the fees themselves
too- heavy. If the act go into operation
on the 23d inst., as contemplated, it is
expected that it will give rise to much
confusion and dissatisfaction.
The governments of Great Britain
and the United States approved the
draft of the measure, which was large
ly of Japanese construction, without, it
is alleged, adequately consulting the
mercantile communities which will be
affected by It.
With a view of preventing the en
forcement of an immature and defec
tive scheme, the German Minister,
Baron Mumm von Schwarzenstein.
though cordially welcoming the gsneral
principles of the act. endeavored to ob
tain a postponement of its operation, so
that opportunity might be given for its
reconstruction. Up to this date official
sanction for such postponement has
not been obtained, but it was learned
to-day that the British Minister. Sir
E. M. Satow, has been instructed to
endeavor to have the operation of the
act deferred.
Philip Prior, principal of the James
Lick School, requested that the name
of the school be changed to the Bur
nett Grammar School and the name of
the present Burnett School to Bay View
School If any change is made at all.
A communication from Superinten
dent Langdon, who is now engaged in
a tour of inspection of the Chicago
schools, has been received by Acting
Superintendent Macurda, in which he
states that the San Francisco educa
tional exhibit at St. Louis has received
two gold medals, one for the display of
work from the elementary schools, the
other for the exhibit of the high
schools. Much favorable comment for
the San Francisco exhibit has been
elicited from educators.
Teachers' certificates of various kinds
were granted to Misses H. M. Hitch
cock, Nellie Kengla, Kate Gompertz,
Ruby Gracier, Eva Keane, Agnes
Dowllng, Margaret Conroy, Lola Mc-
Feely. Alfred Roberts and Joseph
Baloun.
The. request of the Alliance Fran
caise to use the Everett Grammar
School building after school hours for
the purpose of imparting gratuitous
instruction in the French language to
any person who may wish to avail him
self of this privilege was granted.
Miss L. Rosenberg was transferred
from the Munroe School to the Henry
Durant School.
TO TEACH FRENCH.
Whereas. The year 1005 marks the fiftieth
anniversary of the founding of the public
school Hystem of the city and county of San
Frannlhco, and the completion of half a c«rn
tury of work and endeavor therein, the re
sults of which are shown In the present very
hli;h educational standing of this city: and
Whereas. It has been deemed by the public
EChool teachers of this city and county proper
and «v*ry way desirable to celebrate in a be
fitting manner this "golden Jubilee" of an
occasion fraught with so great Importance to
our entire community and common wealth; and
Whereas. For this occasion it has been de
termined to hold a grand May musical festi
val from April 30 to May 7. l'.>05. inclusive,
which the good people of this city and State
and even remote parts of the adjoining Paclflo
Coast States will be invited to attend and
enjoy, this being the week recommended to
the superintendent for the teachers' institute
privided by law: and
V/hereas. All the necessary preliminary steps
for a festival of such magnitude have already
been taken, subject to approval by this board,
by engaging th« famous musical organization
o; New York known 83 Innes' Band, consist
ing of eighty eminent musicians and a number
of voralists of national fame; by securing the
use o> Mechanics" Pavilion, and by arranging
for an adult chorus of 10CO voices and a chil
dren"s chorus of 5000 voices; now, therefore,
be it
Resolved, That a certain agreement or con
tract made and entered into on the 15th day
of October. 1904. by and beiws-n the May
Festival executive committee of the Teachers
Annuity and Retirement Fund extension com
mittee of San Francisco, party of the first
part, arid the Innes Band and Amusement Com
pany, a corporation of New York, represented
by F. N". Innes, party of the second part, be.
and the same is hereby approved by this
board; and
Resolved further. That the said executive
committee and the teachers of the public
schools of this city and county be. and th?y
are hereby authorized to perform all and. any
such acts and services as are required of them
by and under the terms of said agreement or
contract.
Leaves of absence were granted to
teachers in the department as follows:
Miss Lucy F. Adams, Miss.M. Sleeper,
Miss Mathilda B. Conway, Miss Elean
or A. Tierney. Ralph B. Matthews, Miss
Ellen T. Ramage, Miss Terese Hess,
Miss Frances C. Cook and Miss Carol
H. Newman.
The Board of Education yesterday
took preliminary steps to celebrate the
fiftieth anniversary of the founding of
the public school system in 1855 by a
grand May musical festival In the Me
chanics* Pavilion from April 30 to May
7 next. The resolutions on the subject
which were unanimously adopted by
the board follow:
His Majesty Asserts He Is
Always Glad to See Our
Ships in British Ports
Steps Taken to Have thej
Operation of the Kegis-j
tration Law Deferred'
AFFAIK MOST INFOEMAL
Affair Will Take Place in
Mechanics' Pavilion From
April 30 to May 7, Next
WILL GIVE BIG FESTIVAL
FEES AEE EXOKBITAXS
Board of Education to Cele
brate Fiftieth Anniver
sary of Public Schools
Edward Entertains American
Officers and Pays This
Country High Compliment
Peking's New Trademaik
Unsatisfa< -
tory to Commercial Housi
Archbishop Riordan Speaks of Future Men and Worn
PLANS MUSICAL
GOLDEN JUBILEE
KING TOASTS
YANKEE NAVY
JAPAN AUTHOR
OF CHINESE ACT
FAIR GRADUATES RECIPIENTS OF HONORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1004.
4
FREE FREE - — FREE
-WITH —
SUNDAY CALL
— - — -WANT ADS.-^-
Your Choice of Two Premiums,
Either a .
—LIGHTNING BREAD and—
CAKE KNIFE — —
or ?.
/;. _ : "; NUT SET ' ¦
(Six ; Nut Picks and a Crack.) ¦
See Small Ad. "Page for FurV
:thex: Particulars.
AD T ERTISEMCXTS. i
•. ... ¦ws*H8irtP"iHHr
. i jf
Worth *5, Just as Pictured, for
If you will com? to our store to-day or to-mor-
row we will sell you a $5 sailor suit for $2.95.
The suits are made of blue serge, standard winter
weight, guaranteed for color and wear; each garment
is neatly trimm-d on collar and shield as shown in
picture; the ages range from 3 to 8 years only. f ' ¦
Buy a suit and take it home:" -If you are not
satisfied that, the suit is worth $5.00 you can have
your money back— yes and the car fare, too.
Every mother in San Francisco ought to buy at
this price. ¦ •
mailorders filled— letter must bear postmark of to-day or to-morrow.
s^\^og^co
740 Market Street U
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- The Ecbhbmy Salesroom I
¦ * ? a Department where all Odd Pieces 'M,
l&llSSifSS^®^ arc placed 'at^ from ONE-QUARTER to %
Sih&&5P^ ONE-THIRD their regular value, as the »
Ip $18.50 Extension Ta- __ $14:50 Mahogany Chair IS
K4 $45.00 Bedroom Suit ; ; $27.50 Ladies' Desk H^
&r( $26.00 Weathered Oak '. $40.00 China Closet l|
it $19.00 Weathered Oak . . $42.00 Birdseye Dresser gig
fe'} A" Matchless Display of Exclusive Designs. 1%
h LOWELL AND HARTFORD BODY BRUSSELS, choice mA
u colorings:* "A variety of patterns. A weave that is too Erj
1^ well known to need description. Per yard <£* r\-ji/ ||]
[| BRUSSELETTE RUG. Reversible. Some '"very pretty^ col- §fj
P| m i orings., A good, durable rug: 30x60 inches. Each f%Cf* HI
H • VELVET RUG. Fine deep pile. Both ' Oriental ' r^m §1
o and floral designs. Size 27x54, Each tpl.OD in
j| ART SQUARE. All wool, reversible, 6x9 feet, qm *>;• |?i
It - * Price, each ...: • '. . .e^.. aJ>^«^"3-.->^H
14 CASHMERE RUG. Reversible.' Exceptionally artistic both F^f
ji in colorings and design. A rug that will;' give. Oil ftA' H
II lasting satisfaction. 9x12 feet. Each .....:... |\pII»QU Ra- BOONE, Iowa, Oct. 20. — Claiming
that he -was branded with a red hot
iron while :being, initiated into, the or
der,'Roland Hunnewell of this city to
day filed" suit for $5000 -damages
against ~:the Modern Woodmen of
America. The suit ' is I brought against
the members of Peterson Lodge of this
city. . .;:
* The suit ,has attracted .wide L atten
tion' throughout "this section, the Mod
ern Woodmen being one. of the strong
est orders in Iowa.- . It is generally un
derstood , that j the branding. Irons said
to have been .used in : initiations were
unintentionally made too hot and. that
the branding was accidental. . : - ,'
Iowa Man Sues Secret • Society . for
Damages as , o ; Result : of
, Joyous Initiation.
CliADIS HE WAS BRANDED
; BY MEMBERS OF LODGE
Hall. F. . Baker.'^C. Wilkins. J. White,'
Mrs. ,C. F. Hoane, H. B. .Tobey, V. B.
Turner, C. Chadborn," C Unrath. C. T.
Munro, C. - E. Tucker, J J. ¦. M." Tree, F.
A.: Marriott, E.. E. -Hadley.
WASHINGTON/, Oct. 20.^-Inl the Supreme
Court r of - the United States to-«lay; thei hearing
of the* ca»« of »the WeBterij'i Union *Tcl«Kraph
Company ', ve. the Pennsylvania": Railroad Com
pany rvas concluded. mMBm
BERLIN, Oct. 20.— Oh a scale of
two signifying good and three medium
the Prussian crop repbrt^for the mid
dle of October; shows the condition *of
•winter wheat .to ; be 2.6: and. of t winter
rye 2.7; -Much-needed '-. general"/ rains
benefited all '. crops,' but -cold \weather
is, retarding, their progress.
llain , Benefits - Prussian Crops.
Sah : Franciscans Who Have ; Recently
: Registered at California Building.
: ST. LOUIS, Oct. 20.-— Tlie following
San :¦ Franciscans .; have V* registered re
cently - at -• the '¦ California • " building J at
the World's ; Fair : :¦ Mrs." r J. ¦ C. " Hamp
ton," H.P. Umbsen. A. B.Tichenor, W.'
Lawler/ ¦_ M. % Toy, '•; Q.' ¦ J.-,Temple,\ C. O.
Tribbey I and .wife,'- Mrs. L." Umath,' E.
H. Tharp,' L. S; Brewer, A. Kr Brewer,
M. . C Sears, Mrs. ' L. A; Johnson, • Mrs.
E.;V. ! Baker, Mrs. W. ; J.> Morgan, . J. H.
Henderson,',' D." ;L.ibby, : C. E. Weikert,
F.' V. : Voorhees, M. JTodd,? P. James, J;
E. Sims and wife/ 8. Haskins, Mrs. F;
VISITORS, AT THE FAIR:
Santa ¦ Barbara' County - Commissioners, mus
tard seed. ¦ r lBj»«O!lWMi '
: SILVER MEDAlr^-Santa • Barbara * County.*
ripe pickled olives.
San Joaquin: County. - .
' .GRAND ' PRIZE— Stockton Chamber- :. of.
Commerce. Stockton, reclaiming : lands, ; irriga
tion, . etc ; Stockton . Chamber : of ' Commerce,
Stockton, vegetables; Stockton Chamber of
Commerce, Stockton, beans,* seeds."' '
SILVER MEDAL— Cherokee Lane Olive
Orchard, Lodl, olives; El Rublo Olive Grove,
- Acampo, ' olive .oil; Stockton Chamber of Com-.
merce, Stockton, photographs f arm '- . scenes ;
Buhach Produce and Manufacturing Company,-
Stockton, buhach; Bachmann A Brandt. Stock
ton, chicory; J. B. Corry. Acampo, driedapri
cots and, peaches; .Frank Voltaiina, Stockton,
maccaronl. . .
BRONZE MEDAL— B. F. Langford. Acam
po, . onions; ", Arthur '.Thornton, Acampo, ' pota
toes; El Dorado Brewing Company, Stockton,
beer. ' • ' ;-;;•, : -:.-\.-- ;.¦ ¦ ; . ' '* ¦¦ ' ¦::¦,- '
. Klncs, County.
SILVER MEDAL--Jerome Blaln, . Laton,
barley; Andrew Larson, Laton, alfalfa; Nares
& , Saunders, " Laton. vegetables; . W.\ N.v Harris.
Laton, ; collaborator • and ¦ views ; - Mrs. M. • : A.
Moradian, : Laton. ¦ silk cocoons; Kings County,'
dried fruit. --.:,.--. - .-•^¦,:-:'- ••-•.-• ¦
¦ .- BRONZE . MEDAL — D. E. Brown, • Laton,
Indian corn ; M. Rodenbaugh,' Laton, ; Egyptian
corn ; iW. '¦ R. " and ; A:r A. '• Smith, ¦' Laton, ¦ toma-'
toes; Sworder Bros., Laton, Egyptian corn.
v, Sacramento \\ Valley Exhibit. N ;
';, GOLD MEDAL— Sacramento Valley '.Vege
table Growers, vegetables; J. M. Ilowell, Helen
ville, wools California' Winery, Sacramento,
¦wlnesri J.> H."" Clide.v Sacramento, wool;; John.
Heany.'.Courtland,"' hemp straw; ; Lovdale I Bros.
; Company. Sacramento, hops; Sacramento Valley
Development Association; Sacramento, hops;
Sacramento County Bean Growers' Association,
beans : ' Blrdsall - Olive •: Oil, ' Auburn, t olive r oil ;
Alden 'Anderson.' Sulsum,* prunes, "peaches;
Ehmann. Olive. Oil, -Orovllle, olive » oil;', John
C -• Gray. ' Ortville, : olive oil ; Etice '; & ¦ Gardner,
Red Blurf,\dried:fruits.- :. -
M SILVER MEDAL— rWoodrand Sultana Raisin
Growers, dried, fruits; 'Walter Uullard. * Chlco,"
hay; Ekmanr&'Stow,. Orovllle, olive oll; ; John
Heariey,' Gridley, hemp; Ehmann Olive Oil," Oro
vllle pickled- olives:' Fair: Oaks •' Fruit''Com
'pany,- Fair Oakn, • olive oil : Cooks ¦ Spring. Min
eral Water, * mineral • -¦ water; . Mrs, ? Roee ¦¦. A.
Bailey,' fruit-cake;* John. Campbell,' Maxwell,*
wool; -. , Durst : Bros.'j .".Wheatland, \ hops; .1 John
Heaney,' Lincoln, .: Currants ; ' Tehama { County
Grain Growers.^ Red Bluff, dried: fruits.
BRONZE '-•: MEDAL-^J. C. Mazal. .Loomls,
dates; "-'J; C. : ; Mazal,' Loomis,. wines; Coluea
Packing ' Company, 1 Colusa; prunes: ' Sacramento
Valley- Development rAssociation,- dried fruits:
Mrs. • Rose .¦'¦ A. .-'• Bailey. -Coeumne, .-'• preserves;
Sacramento ? County .'¦; Grain ', Growers,', v cereals ;
John ' 8. ' Fouts.i Colusa,- mineral : water; . Castle
Rock Mineral ; Springs Company. Cas tella, min
eral, water; /James M. :Namec. •Thermallto,"
flgs; .Winters; Dried iFrult Company, Winters,
dried fruits; ;E.'i,B!owers : & Son, -Woodland,"
.olive oil.- "
. , Contraj Costa County.
'' GRAND PRIZE-^-Contra Costa County,.vege
tables ''¦'•'¦¦ ¦'-.-"• ¦ ' ' ' '«¦.-¦>¦" ' *.: ¦¦.-¦•.'¦.
GOLD MEDAL^-F. - H? Busby, Concord, 1^
Olive. oil. I';"".-*" i ;.--" -\:- , ; '
- BRONZE MEDAL--John Swett & Son, Mar
tinez, crape Juice. MtflMftBnmM>#MIU
- SILVER •-; MEDAL— Martin .. & Correghlno,
Clayton, wines; Alhambra Mineral Water, Com
pany. ¦ mineral water.' •
; Alanicda 1
1> GOLD^MEDAI^— Hunt : Bros. ' Company, j Hay-"
.wards,' : 7 canned*' fruits: V Alameda'' County 5 Com-,
mlsstoners, * vegetables ; |* Pacific .-.VlneKar ••¦'- and
Pickle ; Works.":' pickles. - etc. : v Alameda ; Sugar
Company, * beet j sugar; : E." A. -"Wright.^ Oakland."*
v Inegar : t E. A.-iWright. \ Oakland. ? Jell ies.y Jams .
and - marmalades; : Pleasanton • Hod -.Company,,
hops; I Calif ornla ;Fruit I Canners | Comnany,»pre
serves; of t California; i seeds ; • J. j M.'r
¦ Doty,*; LI vermore, > olive J oil ; 'August Hagerman, !
barley; rF.'J.iL>a& Co.: olive oil. V
i" SILVER' MKDAL^-Callfomla' Fruit* Canners
Company, --fruits;' E.'fA: i Wright, ..".Worcester,
cauce: •:¦ California * Salt i. Company, ealt ; Pure
Water i; Company, ;<¦- waters, -\ etc. ;^ Dr.;-- H.",--'H.:|
Cross,'; LI vermore, . wines.
' ;: Sonoma '
rGRAND PRIZE— DreVel & ' Co..' S Sonom'sv
wincs.'rN''-'- '¦•-':/• * '¦ ' - ¦-¦-.:'':¦ ' ' ¦ ¦
. "GOLDSMEDAL— Pttaluma : Incubator Com
pany." .'Incubators -and 'brooders. .. : . •- •.-..- n
V ¦"-- SILVER :'a MED AL-^-David I'. Hltzei; .-. Guerne;;
vllle." tobacco.* •.'-*• .'¦! :• ;--.\* . J,.,-_; .
':¦( • ; ;v •Nana',County.- :
'% GRAND PRIZE-^W.lS., Keyes '&' Son; How
clH'Mountaln;.*dry,wines, l^y-", - .; r .~
t SILVEK^MEDAI^-Brun & Chalx. a Oakvllle,
.: Fresno County.
GOLD :MEDAL--l*he'" CoToperatlve s Associa
tion'iiof • Fyesno.Vi^raiBins; ,' Fresno r'i Home
Packing 1 . Co.', -?' : * Fresno, seeded V •> raisins^
I Roeding ' ¦¦; Fig , V : Packing .,-. Co.", . . Fresno, ¦ flgs ;
'Barton * Estate, limited.- Fresno. wines; Mln
i nc wa wa ' Home l Packing i Co.', ¦• Fresno.^ olive oil f
iRoedtng /Olive 'Co.'r Fresno," olive oil." .'*•„ .,..< ;< -*
-;&;SILVERiMEDAL^-Fresno» Chamber, of Com
{merce;* o 1 fa 1 fa j honey ; ttj% C.* McGlbbon."i Reed-'
> ley,* honey; | Eagle J Packing > Co.Vj. Fresno,""! dried
IfrUitjiiT.'t JfrHammond, Fresno, canned' fruit;
Monterey County.
SILVER ¦'« MEDAL— Monterey ' Chamber-, of
Commerce, Salinas, potatoes. , ;
Mlnnewawa Home Packing Co.. Fresno, rips
olive*. : .
BRONZE " MEDAL — F. • J. ' Hammond, cere
als.-_: :. ¦¦¦-.::- . - ¦ .. . ¦ .. ¦-
• ' Santa • Clara County. ¦ '
' ' GRAND "PRIZE — Paul : Masaon Champagne
Co.,' 1 San J0»e, wines. ¦'-<¦'.
. GOLD MEDAL— George Frank & Co., Ban
Jose, prunes and pears; J. H. Fllckln^er & Co.;
San Jose, canned fruits; Santa Clara County
Fruit , Exchange, ' San Jose, prunes: Sorosis
Fruit < Co. .'• Saratoga, prunes; L.H. Wakefleld,
Saratoga, 'prunes; Mrs. " Sarah S. . Cutler. Saa
Jose, seeds ; C. C. : Morse ' Seed Co. , San .. Jose,
seeds;A.~ V." Stuart, San Jose, , olive oil. "¦'-¦
SILVER MEDAL— El Quito Olive and Vine
Farm, San > Jose, wines; El Quito Olive and
Vine Farm, t San Jose; olive oil; Pacific Con
gress'' Springs.^ San Jose, mineral: water;; Fig
prune Cereal Co.. inc.. San Jose, flgprune bev
erage ; ¦ Campbell Fruit Growers' Union,- Camp-'
bell, dried f ru lts.~~. DMil muUH'WJlW 'A WWWi ' a
BRONZE MEDAL— The Mihalovltch-Fletch
er Co.;: Los:Gatos. fruits, etc.; Golden West
Soda Works, mineral ' water.
GERMAN VETERAN PUTS
AN. END TO HISf GRfEF,
Officer, Inconsolable Over Loss of Son
and an Exile From Home,.
Kills Himself.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.—Inconsolabl8
over the loss of his favorite, son and
an • exile from the ' fatherland, because
he " had shot and t wounded a German
officer who, .he believed, -Intentionally
caused *his i son'* death, Adam Engle
hart, a veteran of the Franco-Prussian
war/- to-day shot himself dead in the
hallway of . an East -Side tenement
house where he lived. Englehart was
57 years old. He left a large family
and, it Is ' said, a prosperous business
ln Germany when he fled to this coun
try. Before taking his life, Englehart
had pinned on his breast all » of his
five* medals received for bravery dur
ing the Franco- Prussian war..includ
ing one given • him for his services • at
Sedan.
In Englehart's room were found ten
letters sealed ; and addressed, some- to
the police and others to his relatives
In^ Germany. One bore the address
"On," dlaer moerder er."..-whlch translat
ed, means "Oh, -that murderer." .. -' r •*
ORB COMPANY ANNOUNCES , PTJKPOSB.'
The California Ore Company yesterday filed ar
ticles of Incorporation announcing its purpoM
to engage ln the smelting and reduction of
ores. Th« capital stock is. $100,000. of which
$100 ha» been subscribed by each of the. fol
lowing directors : - N. Jacob* . H. . Blackman, A.
Tllden, C. B. GlUespte and M. Bernard, the
latter, of Alameda.
HELENA. Mont.. Oct. TO. — The State Su
preme Court to-day affirmed Judgment of the
District Court. Judge J. N. Clements of Helena,
in holding that the city of Helena . had no
legal riirht to expend -money for purchase of
water main* when the city had already ex
ceeded legal limit cf indebtedness.
The balloting opened with Frank in
the lead, but he never, came within five
of the goal. After midnight the Re
publicans declined to vote,: holding that
the session had expired of limitation,
After passing . several ballots : an Inde
pendent Democrat unexpectedly voted
for Carter. . Instantly .'there [was great
enthusiasm on the Republican side, and
they came in again " in * a ' body. But
there were not enough. At 3 o'cldck In
the morning, after motions to adjourn
had been, repeatedly defeated but
decreasing majority, Maginnis suggest
ed to Frank that thev draw straws " to
decide before the whole assembly. which
should goto the United States Senate.
Frank declined, saying his friends had
supported him voluntarily, he could not
make such a deal for such an office
and ended by proposing, that on the
next ballot his friends. should .vote 'for
Paris Gibson. When the ;roll was
called no one suspected? that. Gibson
was elected: The announcement,/how
ever, was greeted with a cheer,- and the
building was quickly, emptied'of a' very
tired and befuddled Legislature. : .
Gibson had been attending the session
for a few, days,* and there had been at
tempts to stampede on r his s. name . be
fore; but they failed.^. He had gone to
his hotel,' and - was sound asleep when
a' friend 1 roused him to-tell;hlm he was
a ' United States Senator.
Paris Gibson, founder of Great
Falls, was elected at the same session.
H. L. Frank of Butte, a millionaire
miner; W. G. Conrad of Great Falls,
a banker, and .Walter Cooper of, Boze
man, a mining man, were the princi
pal candidates. Gibson was a . dark
horse all : through: The Labor party,'
controlled by Heinze, went solid for
Maginuis, vice president of the
Heinze Company and' general man
ager, a young man but, 34 years of
age. The Legislature met in the old
Merchants* Hotel, formerly Daly's
headquarters. .
On the last day they met ln joint ses
sion and as they convened the Lieuten
ant Governor instructed the sergeant at
arms to stop the clock. The clock was
on • the Republican side, on the wall.
Nathan Godfrey, an athletic cattleman,
six feet tall started the light, and when
It looked as though every man was en
gaged a Democrat hurled an ink bottle,
which lodged In the works of the clock,
and the business of the session was
presently resumed. The ,hall was with
out ventilation, had a low ceiling, was
packed to suffocation and the only,
means of Ingress or egress waa through
a window.
GIBSON FINALLY CHOSEN.
In the meantime the Amalgamated
Copper Company had been formed,
with Daly ln it, and the campaign,
aside from vindication, took on an
anti-corporation phase, which made
Helnze a powerful ally of Clark in this
fight. The Daly element lost control
of the Democratic party, which passed
over to Clark, and an Independent
Democratic party was organized. Clark
and Heinze' then began this trick of
organizing the Populist and Labor
parties, which they fused with the
regular Democratic party, and carried'
the State with an overwhelming ma
jority, capturing all the State offices
and both branches of the Legislature.
Soon after the election, however,
Heinze turned away from Clark, tried
to get control of the Legislature and
to hold up the election of Clark by
keeping members of the Labor party
in the Legislature out of the caucus.
He failed, however. Between the elec
tion and the assembling of the Legisla
ture Marcus Daly died. The old per
sonal following of Daly accepted the
leadership of Clark as head of the
regular Democratic party. He was
elected Senator in 1901 for the long
term, . succeeding Carter.
STRENUOUS SESSION.
the seat. Clark returned and immedi
ately organized for a campaign of vin
dication. Clark had not stumped the
State since he ran for Congress in 1888.
He had been now widely advertised. He
made a complete tour of the State and
was a great card. People traveled long
distances to see and hear him, and he
made a hit with them.
REORGANIZATION SCHEME.
Continued From Page 2, Column '7.
MONTANA A POLITICAL STORM SPOT
SILVER MEDALS — R. . C. Gillls, Santa
Monica, beans; Coachella Valley Products As
sociation. Coachella. cantaloupes; Los Alaxnltoa
Sugar Company, Los , Alamltos, : syrups, .. etc. ;
Emerson Bros., honey; . Los Angeles . County
World's Fair Committee. . honey; Los Angeles
Brewing Company, malt and beer; Italian Vine
yard Company, wines; Miss r Bessie Marsh,
South Pasadena. •. crystallized t. 1. ; ' Amlnta
W. McNaughton, South. Pasadena, . candled
flowers: E. C. Ortega, chill;. Southern Cali
fornia Wlne*Company, • wines;- California Fish
Company, collective exhibit.
BRONZE MEDAL — Edward Germain Wine
Company, wines; Old Mission Preserving Com
pany, marmalades; Johnson Musser Seed Com
pany, seeds; Mrs. H. W. R. Strong, pampas
grass. ; ,'i : ¦« •
San Diego County. - .-..¦>-: . |
GOLD MEDAL — Bostonla '.* Fruit Growers
and Packers Company, raisins; San .Diego
County, collective exhibit of- dried fruits;
Citrus Products Company, citric acid; Acker
man & Tuffley, . olive oil; San Diego County,
rye. .;.¦-. --../
SILVER MEDAL— California Citrus Prod
ucts Company, oil of lemon; CM. Glftord, olive
oil ; Citrus Products Company, fruit Juice : and
lemon extract: C. M. Gifford, ripe olives; Ack
errnan & Tuffley, ripe olives..
Orance County.
GOLD- MEDAL— Thomas Nicholson, sweet
potatoes; Orange ; County World's Fair Com
mission, vegetables; James Irvine, beans and
onions; Golden West Celery and Produce -Co.,;
celery. .
SILVER MEDAL— W. S. Hall, alfalfa seed;
John Joplln, . peppers; J. - E. , Taylor, corn; Ed
Ut. peanuts. \ ..
San Bernardino County. -
SILVER MEDAL— P.' H. D. Klngsbury, r
marmalades.
" BRONZE MEDAL— P. H. ' D. Klngsbury,
lemon Juice.
Ventura County. : ; ; >•-;..
GOLD MEDAL — J. K. Armsby. seed beans;.
Ventura County, olive oil; OJal Olive Oil, olive
oil. ¦ .. t- ¦ . , : . , -- v
Santa Barbara County. ;
GOLD MEDAL— Elwood Cooper, - 'olive '" oil:
GOLD MEDAL — Los Alamltos' Sugar
Company (90), Los Alltos; Los Alamltos Sugar
Company (S-t),' Los Alitos.-beet sugar;. Corsica
Clcron Company, Los Angeles,, citron;. George
Williams, Los Angetes, sauces; : H. Jevne.'Loa
Angeles, wines; Sierra Madre Vintage Com
pany, Los Angeles,, wines;- HV J. \Wollacott,
Los Angeles, wines; California Cream Lemon
Company. Los 'Angeles, cream < of r lemon;
Lemola Soap Company, Los 'Angeles, '.. lemon
soap; F. W. Braun A -Co., Los Angeles, ~ olive
oil; James Hill & Sons. Los Angeles; olive
oil: J. V. Mills, Los Angeles, peanuts.
GRAND PRIZE— Los Angelej Ollvs Grow
ers' Association, olive oil; Los Angeles County
World's Fair Committee, preserves, vegetables,
etc.; Bishop & Co.. . collective - exhibit; Caw
eton's Ostrich Farm, South Pasadena, ostrich
feathers. .
Ix>s Ansclcs.
GOLD MEDAL— J. K. Armsby Company,
dried fruits; Castle Bros., dried fruits; Central
California Canneries Company, . canned fruits:
Griffin & Skelley Company, .canned .. fruits;
Long Syrup Reflninr Company, crystallized
fruits and Maraschino cherries; California
Wine Association, wines; Chauche & Bon,
wines; A. Flnke's widow, wines; * Gundlach-
Bundschu Wine Company, wines; Italian Swiss
Coiooy. wines; Mount Diablo Vineyard- Com
pany, wines: Kapa and Sonoma Wine Com
pany, brandies; A. Repsold,& Co.. brandies;
Wetmore-Bowen Company, clarets: P. C.
Roest, vermouth; Tb«, Rosenblat Company,
apricot brandy.
SILVER MEDAL— E. AIceKimrer,-' hay: E.
Clemens Horet Company, h<lps; E. Mart Inonl,
vermouth; E. G. Lyons & Ran Company,
brandies: California Wine and Brandy Com
pany, wines; French- American Wine Company,
wines; Lachman & Jacobl. wines; C. Schilling
& Co., wines; The John Loeffler Preserve Com
pany, condiments of pickles; Rosenberg Bros.'
& Co., dried fruits and nuts. -
BRONZE MEDAL— Monterey Packing Com
pany, soused mackerel: William Hoelscher &
Co., wines; C. M. Mann & Co.; wines; Schles
inger & Bender, wines; Cox Seed Company,
vegetable seeds; Hugh H. Lament, flax. .
San Francisco.
GRAND PRIZE — Canned fruits In tin* and
glatees, vegetables ln ¦ process, wine exhibit,
bug vs. buar. -
QOLD MEDAL. — Honey.
SILVER MEDAL — Butter.
BRONZE MEDAL— Boils, grasses, seed* and
cereals. _ 0
CALL BUREAU, WORLD'S FAIR
GROUNDS, ST. LOUIS, Oct. 20.—Cali
fornia has made a record at the Loui
siana Purchase Exposition that- is
causing* all the world to sit; up; and
take notice. Never- has a' State,. 'in
competition against all climes and con
ditions, made a cleaner ¦ sweep. The
golden commonwealth's variety of rer
sources, as : revealed in the exhibits
here, has been the marvel v of the.mil
lions that have attended the • fair, arfd
the countless millions who have ¦ not
had. an opportunity, to visit the - great
show will find evidence of California's
greatness in the following list of prizes
awarded to hex exhibitors: ...;.;.
California Commission. "
Special Dispatch to ' The Call.
Golden Commonwealth- s Ex
hibitors Secure Scores
of Trophies Won in\ Com
petition Against All Climes
.Plans were quickly formed for fight
ing the fire. Every citizen turned out
and was soon hard at work battling
with the flames. For some time no
visible progress was made ln the efforts
to stamp out the fire, and it seemed as
though the flying sparks would ignite
Foster's hotel and the depot. Another
source of danger to the town was the
fact that more than a ton and a half
of dynamite was stored in the powder
house near the town.
The dynamite was being used for
blasting purposes in the quarry near by.
The fight was kept up until the flames
were within 200 feet of the town, wlien
the wind fortunately shifted and the
danger was averted. '
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 20. — Mountain
fires have filled the air with smoke for
the past two days. Tonight there are
fires upon the mountains ia several di
rections, and considerable anxiety is
felt by those who have friends or rela
tives living ln the timber or brush re
gions.
For a time this morning the citizens
of Foster, a town at the end of the
Cuyamaca Railroad, were forced to
abandon everything and form them
selves Into a fire fighting brigade to
combat fires which threatened the de
struction of the town. A strong east
wind carried the "fire, which had been
burning upon the east side of the
mountain, over the top toward the
town. No danger was anticipated until
shortly after daylight, when the fire
had approached to within half a mile
of the place.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The whole town was in an uproar
until daylight, further rioting and
arson being feared.
The second soldier shot in the affray.
Private Moore of Company K, Fif
teenth Infantry, cannot live through
the night. A third soldier was shot
through the wrist. A colored trooper
named Allen, a member of the First
Squadron of the Ninth Cavalry, is one
of the men who did the shooting.
Deputy Sheriff Davis arrested Allen
and three other negro cavalrymen in
the hills on their way south. They are
now In the guardhouse at Monterey
Presidio. A double guard has been
stationed over the suspects, as it is
feared an attempt will be made by the
white soldiers to lynch them before
rrorning.
Shortly after 11 o'clock several mem
bers of the Ninth Cavalry (colored) at
tempted to force their way into a no
torious resort known as "The Adobe."
Members of the Fourth Cavalry and
Fifth Infantry who were in the place
resented the Intrusion of the colored
men and a fierce fight followed. The
men quarreled for some time, and a
large crowd of both white and colored
soldiers gathered in the street in front
of the resort. The efforts of the guard
to subdue the rioters failed. Finally
three negroes left the house and de
liberately fired Into the crowd. One
ehot killed Sergeant Tooley of the
Fourth Cavalry and a second fatally
Injured another member of the same
regiment. Other shots were fired, but
fortunately no one else was hit.
Members of the Fourth Cavalry be
came so incensed over the killing of
their comrade that it is alleged they
set the house afire. The flames spread
to the adjoining house and both were
destroyed, the Inmates barely escaping
with their lives.
MONTEREY. Oct. 20. — Early last
evening about 250 members of the
Fourth Cavalry, which Is to relieve the
Ninth Cavalry stationed here, arrived
by train. Citizens present at the depot
stated that some of the men were under
the Influence of Hauor when they got
off the cars. The new arrivals were
riven a supper and reception which
added to their hilarity. The soldiers
thronged the streets all the evening
and engaged in frequent rows, and
three guards were detailed to arrest
the offenders.
LIST OF WINNERS c
IS A LONG ONE
Efforts of Colored Troopers
to Force Entrance to a Re
sort Cause Bloody Battle
Dynamite Stored in Path
of Blaze Adds to Danger
of Residents of District
LUCEY SHIFT OF -WIND
Award of Prizes at the St.
; Louis Exposition Is Evi
dence of State's Remark
able Variety o'f Resources
NEGROES USE WEAPONS
Street Fight Between Sol
diers in Jlonterey Kesults
Fatally to White Sergeant
Toami of Foster Has Narrow
Escape From Flames That
Sweep Down the Mountains
CALIFORNIA
LE ADS ALL
THE WORLD
BULLETS FIND
THREE VICTIMS
FOREST FIRES
RAGE IN SOUTH
THE: 5 AN :i^KAN CISCO; GALL; vCF;RIDAY,feGGTOBER^ 2ii£1904. :
CANCELS MARRIAGE LICENSE.— Oorg»
H. Stlpp. a bank clerk, yesterday. had "Cupid"
Danforth cancel the marriagr» license Issued on
October . 15 r last - for Stlpp' • ¦ marrlasro : - with
Miss Maude ¦ Davis, • who declined at tb* last
moment to be his wife. • . . . • - . . . :
We are^ selling agents for "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents' for
"The ¦ Marshall." the best ? ?1.00 - fountain
pen 'in -the- world./ Sanborn, -Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. • '•
5
AD\~EKTLSE3IEyTS. \
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant, Simple, bat Safe and
Effectual Cure for It. j
Catarrh of the ftomach has long been
considered the next thing to incurable.
The usual symptoms are a full or bloat-
ing sensation after eating:, accompanied |
sometimes with sour or watery risings,
a formation of gases, causing pressure
on the heart and lungs and difficult j
breathing, headaches, fickle appetite,
nervousness and a general played out,
languid feeling.
There is often a foul taste in the i
mouth, coated tongue and if the interior !
of the stomach could be seen it would ¦
enow a slimy, inflamed condition. :
The cure for this common and ob-
Etlnate trouble is found in a treatment
which causes the food to be readily,
thoroughly digested before it has time
to ferment and irritate the. delicate
mucous surfaces xif the stomach. To
secure a prompt and healthy digestion'
is the one necessary thing to do and
when normal digestion is secured the
catarrhal condition will have disap-
peared.
According to Dr. Harlanson the saf-
est and best treatment is to use -after
each meal a tablet composed of Dias-
tase, Aseptic Pepsin, a little Xux/Gold-
en Seal and fruit adds. These tablets
can now be found at all drug stores
under the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, and not being a patent medi-
cine can be used with perfect safety
and assurance that healthy appetite
and thorough digestion will follow. their
regular use after meals.
Mr. R. S. Workman. Chicago, 111.,
writes: "Catarrh is a local condition
resulting from a neglected cold- In the
head, whereby the lining membrane
of the nose becomes inflamed and the
poisonous discharge therefrom passing
backward into the throat reaches the
stomach, this producing catarrh of the
Etomach. Medical authorities prescrib-
ed Jot me for three years for catarrh
of stomach without cure, but , to-day
I am the happiest of men after using
only one box of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. I cannot find appropriate
¦words to express my good feeling. , I
have found flesh, appetite and sound
rest from their use."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the saf-
est preparation as well as the simplest
and most convenient remedy r for any
form ¦ of indigestion. Catarrh of stom-
ach, biliousness, sour stomach,' heart-
burn and bloating after meals.
7/ visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat i)
OF ANATOMY^
X tjr Tte I-*"*" 1 Asatcnical Museum in tb* \
ft w—?V-;_ 1Vori4. M> cuctKtt «r *>.? contracted A
V ¥x£ W3 «li»«tc *«« > «««»»ljreBr»4hjrtfc« olden T
O IJtHi &ieo».i«onlteC««t £iL}6y*trv Q
A Q&f&h CR. JCRDAH-D'SEASES OF MEN 6
\ f tfsfjB C«o«ilt«lc« frtt «nd «trktljr prirate. \
6 I XJrVt n T'"*""* 1 " p»r«o;.»i j ct by ittier. A M
V B W cl B Fmittf Own is rttij az* cedntmkea. T
A ? 3 HW Wn»«(or Potk. FIIII.U««irBV«r A
'/ • a }|« Hianucr., katled j'xkc. (a{'
X (X li- ?»'!:»"« beak. Uu am) \
V CZT. JUBDA5 A. CO.. IDS! Murkp" Ht..S. P. Y
EVERY BLADE-WARRANTED
ft MERCHANT TAYLORS, f,
\\ ( 22 Market StfecLV; '<>
<s Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Hatil. '¦'..
% SAN FRANCISCO:- X
« . Novelties in imported .Wear • j \ ¦
THE EMPORIUM. : - | ; ; ; 'THE-EMPORnJafr . ¦ | M THE-EaiFORIU3I.. . ' THF^EMPORHTML. ; ".''.' t ¦
Extraordinary 'Reductions in r^ Song " ' +iyf*ml * '"'¦ Money Children's Hose *
Toitel Articles Recita|s jjfifc/m^^ . Back J"
,-OCSlzs Dr. Charts' F.esh Food 29C ia in A . U Mi €**Ly MMMJU L>£44fJX =^ ; f v ftf hole, in their stockings m le» than a day', %
:25c- valuer Kirk's high-grade :toi.c:| lV .}? * >3 " C»LiroF>NiAS^RGEST-%*^r^ M^^^^»*'*r^'^^^ ¦' .,;••?-• ' ''ms will be cjpeciai:.v,ple*jcd with jhU offer. .*
JOaD box 1 cakes |Oi/ rt - n .< ¦ ¦ 1 ¦¦¦nTTTiniliBHW 119^^^^^^^^ ' ' " • c i'lrlA Childr:n*f lii ribbed fast back Cotton '»
• ,OC L PoZZOHi Fa C ; Powder^O -"^^^"-^^.CA-S CP A . D eST STORE Satisfied „...., ajcMc heel, and ,ole, ; an e «ept.on- %
? . - - _ "- . UW :'*CIO —^— — ¦— ¦ — — —^— — — ¦^— a.ly good 15c stocking, tizzt ? to 9J3 inch; X
' . 2 5c*2zrLyon8; ; Tooth Powder. 73© - stirrina Values in Juvenile Dent. -.M'y^ saturdayoniy. paT . . . j4 O $
; 25c size Mennen's Talcum Powder •" ! ¦ -V If -v"*»; y» l "*?.i'.!Pr.yMfygwy,y»ff;c:.':''-'.'
; : ;r.' : ;7^^25o: ?:fyBW S '%^!^ J
, $ 1. 00 Yizn Lambert's L"«e"rine ?.',:- ¦.'•''. 'S 7&. , "* • With every suit or coat Vor^boy/or ; girl Voughy^re,':no rnajtte^hovir-iow^the'-prwi'we' --. : VaillCS TO"D3 V 21
' £^«S,-S^ ,WhiteV :;? viSfci^r : I
; ¦a5cJfize-Grav«%TooA'PowdeV:''/;"E;.^7sol 'P^atino -Panel _ Photograph of yoursdf or tome member ot. your hm\j^ : See samples in ' ," ',' \ * t^-^! ' X
'< ' * our'shotv~wlnd6ivs\~an'd~dep(?H^ ¦---.......,.- ----- '.yrr f"" an co ' ore •*
I The 50c Memorized ')**i^*™** ~ s ! zes -V \° : l ?> Girls' Peter Thompson Sailor Svits— Fr :' e n . c h *
• Pn«/m <?#/««l,o Oir^ 1 - : " ¦' y 1 ';"^', p . ee " ' -^ a - C US " f^? ":. 6 to V 4 . yc^; au wooi.in; sailors, in I
rOniin &tOCHS 25C ' -'.all-wool' coating, -in nice, shade. of. dark . - ' • •-." 7 ,, . ' . ¦ ¦ - -*^2&^^^5>fc^ "3
~ B?ay,'belt 8 d back or pbin, Mn S l, b r double- nav 7 b >"'s cmb.cm on arms, big' the bejt icrarch /VTEKS^ '5
j^^^g~l?^^^ T h P Vl P AV • •.brcasredsty'.e} compare them with the best ;sai or collar, black silk tic, £$* £Z I e It,' t r i tn m e d ; 'x, ' "fStS^* ¦' '*
1^^^^ m e r c e f 17 p d : * 6 5 °i? n V ch ™ hcre * nd you win &SZ .> oni y .-.. . '¦"'- ¦- • • ... with .velvet, rib-. '-T--'"'*^fix ' ; '?
V^^i '" U concede that they are great values at *9«3? ,. ' .. r • , , ,, Srt^gJ ' «
; y^f poplia StOCkr in «W«rweir Sult,-For^xZfeft :^>^^r^ bons^nd. gold.or- : J
: •'#///; white trimmed Jn ':h^X^^A^- :^^^'^r v.' ?R . us « a « . bl0U$c crcsscs ' m . rcd «' laments; ttyle'as t^^ *
I 'lib^ v! ' ¦ !A;fne» iuit ! ftr"any«ietht{o« ; Vnavy. gobelin. ;or brown, ~y4*fS- »° ., P! ctc F e »w were - ". " X
I ///® 'CmDrOlQCred wrong; double-breasted coata, pants with also marked . . . ..'¦". . i^»J '$3'9S' BOW ...... $2m5O "*
' i: K polkaxdbt, 'inrthe \P^^^^'in^it::Sti2S New. Style Misses' Hats -A mond 5
• «¦///>* r -"- -"•'-,*---.>• ., :; or bursting of seams . ... . . lD"r Tauntv Russian blousr dreM-* ' «# "JR. l * * -•-,-. .«•**•".. •- ,., . ,- ,
1 •¦¦ i 7//v -neVV^CO OnnffS Of- c v tV c » s «ru-r - V-,; ; J a^y. KUMUnD i°,? le<1 ":« ses -* .*I-ZO ,hape crown, trjmmed with ye vet «
; IllrQL -V";.- Sailor Suits-Wuh Eton or sailor coUars; A U-v»ool Ught weight, fancy serge dresses, at r ;hhon in m\\ the ' nmwi!«>«l««\..r M
% /AvB^ Goqiie de RoChe, boomer or knee pants, as you want them; . . . ' $2.25 n °° on ' ln atI the Popular COloringj; *
'• li^T -- ? naVv" Hto'W n : ' . >aJ1 >?, tri^ hkc . li ? c ' 1 >^' u ! t v ; WA/to : Sa)for:^v»-in »ic « - e .v e -- $2 * 75 .»: now -'• :'SU75 x
' \C/TT\7 '"* y V'lIV '¦ ;¦ navy blue,.brown, and .bout a dozen of the - cloth, with either gold tmbroidery or with A Line o! Attractive TnilorcrJ Hali— -J
¦ MM^ green, V light- DlUe newest and; /prettiest f matures,' fully worth' silk anchor, in red, white or blue..,$f. OO In the turban and sailor Yaapei in %
¦ ¦' ¦ an'drall- w.h:ite ' the fair .hadings of .Kie; # Ww» 5
L . x i -i^ "• *-,"' . reasonable price t . .... .•-.;< 9§r W dark and light gray, for boy* or girls, each , . .• **"" X
». jaunty style-shown m^cut, stout Boys- suits.;.-;;. .$s***$7 . .. .: . ;. v ;..... ...soo i^"^^, ' %
I 50c values, to-day and Saturday 1>tZ G '"- '" " v ' ""''' '•-"""' •'-¦"<-"-¦- -¦"¦¦- -..•¦.¦¦--¦--,.- .¦ . ¦ . ..., $3*95 'or the turbans. . \%
\ " : " : " -¦¦:-—-¦¦¦ -¦¦'*?<* - V .,-.,.^ -'---^ • A CzjV,, -,..„.:¦„/ - ¦ .V/$f;95'.forthcitxloT.. ' ; *
' A<ri,n~i*<;«i,«f - > Friday and 'Saturday Will Be Trimmed H a ts$4.95-E qa ai m « y ie S
i *+*m1:21^ ii' ' - Dress Skirt ¦aii^v.^kjfc-^^^, . ; ..;.»d;»«e™i^.!«W.^57;so $
\ Rations 15c • ;," waist Days jM'jpl"- ¦ Sii« %
\ Values up to 50c yd. $&^ (S^f^Ln> i^^fmf^ &* S'S^^I^ !?
} "Here are some jibbon bargains for , -|'T»'^ &M^y \\Sm^ I 1 k '' Vt lUJt^Stel''' c^ r^^^ lts thete ~ zt :\"' ::^$4m95 x
\ shoppers win not ' overlook. S on W a JK™. % lilK mm i LH^ \\O^^ Butter Sale, 22 l /2,c ;5
\ single yard you will save your C2r fare /JfflVwuM^ All \\lwV / v\\\Vvv M \ v\ \ \5^vWl^%'l Cholco Groceries •*
twice over. #l!»/ l\^/ W\\/// IWV/ (TOfl ¦ -5
? z Zi ' , , . v $fcvffifflmHi\\jVWL\\^\(Ut \X\vll A V&s\ s * l ° To-Day and Saturday x
i The balance of «n immense purchase /^ul«vWH*Dc5^s<^J^^^ Firkin Butter— The finest Bgin Creamery X
; °'V4^' 5 an d 6 inch satfal nnot form * correct opinion _of the importance of ; this offering of skirts and waists Others ask 27^c lb., our price the two jj
f liberties and taffCtaS. in white, until you examine the garments critically. When you have seen how perfectly each piece is days 22^/yC •*
i b.ack, red; ,pink, nile. lavender, cut, >w gracefully the skim hajig and how nicely the waists fit, you will manrcl at the low Griffin'f Extra Soups— FuU "ass'tm't, tiSffo $
I navy,' royal, blue, mais and old P rIces ', , - ' "- • . > P ."«.. * Swiss Cheese -Best imported, lb ..; ,29© x
e - 7 rose ice and 'coco uli 'V Runabout, and even length skirts, m , fancy 50 Fine Black Silk Skirts— Superior black Kingan's Sliced Boiled Ham— Ib. . . 28o *
» .rose, 35c n 50c quail. 4 ££f% mixtures, are markel. . . . ..... . taffeta, cue very full; two styles— eren Plum Pudding— Gordon & Dilworth's, s-lb. 'J
i tie*.' marked to close, yard ...--; . . ..$2m68 and $3.25 . length walking skirt, un ined, and the demi- tin, 22O\ a-lb., 4-Oc\ ij n>. ! . * 6O~C X
1 A lot, of 35c, '45c ,50c fancy ribbons ', . . . train dress skirt, with percalbe drop, finished Fresh Soused' Mackerel, tin. . . . . : %8o 9.
i L also marked to dose, yard . . ..286 R unabout tkirts m fancy mixtures and sohd with decp^ nlc fl ounce („ pictured), skirts Emporium Baking Powder— I-lb tin. 3Do •*
( ''/¦¦..;.. .••¦ 1 . ,;- . colors: black, navy and brown chew,t, for . WO rth up to S25.00 each, for .$77.50 Whisky-President Blae Flag special, hot 81 0 ?
t y^-^-^-^ — — ->-*- »— v-^v-^ w. — -^f i} •;¦ • • : • -93'9S and $5.UO Nfw style mercerized sateen waist, solid black Utopia Ginger Ale— Dozen . . . $tmOS 3«
i \ Safe SUkStitri Z I Our new Engl»i» 8°lf skirtsi in novelty mix- or > r h ' mM Pf" ot "'• / ' :' Good Port or Sherry- GaUon .... ,55c X
V WaS*f SbHs&$Q7R I T check, and M Ud colon,- navy/brpwn '¦&? Orange ader-ExceUent temperance drink, %
• )..- VfSSSi &U3IS ipSja/O \ ..-. -jLii- »¦ .". j -- -'•«• en and front, with adjustable stock coDar, for -: 2 bottles . > .-. ... . . . . 25o *
I ) Continues To-Dav \ an V b ' aClC :i: •:'¦*'''' ..... ... S5.0O Burke's Ale or Portcr-The genuine Guin- '?
» B \ -, . •; ....--,. ¦.-.. ."/. "'; ) Even length black etamine skirts, as pictured, New washable . fleece-lined waists, in dark, .ness, dozen $2*15 X
I 'rT^ — % **^*~ k^*T^r v <^ w^' ->^>^ >- r > -^ lv -tr*: with handsome silk drop . . . $12. SO •: medium and light colorings. . . . -85o Extra Table Claret, gal . .... 40 U &
I , ""' ¦•-•"•'•¦-^•¦•¦'-••¦•|--- -•¦ ¦•- - - - ••---¦ ¦ •-- ¦-•- --¦• - - - ¦¦ ' ¦ x
I Saie Burt & Packard Men's Shoes Sale Men's Neckwear 18c, 23c, 35c |
f <\ - ' . To make as man^men' as possible favorably acquainted with 50c Neckwear 3Sc—- New ."Fall effects, in wide four-in-handi, . reversible '*
i V_ :1|V the men's shoe'section of our new '"shoe department we, are .four-in-hands-and full size teck», handsome silks, up-to-date styles, Friday X
I \)P* P V»V now offering at special sale ; Burt & Packard •vKorrect". and Saturday only, each ./. ." . . . ...... ... . " 3Qc x
i Ak° O / fc "P e '' i^"*7 : 'TherVwiir-Ke -/more. th»n' twenty of the Men's 2Sc Shield Bows 18c— Made . of pretty materiaU, the special price, %
i /ifeij^s^V' ' newest I3.50 and l4.oostylrs in vici kid, velour calf and Friday and Saturday oniy, each . . . . . .'..,. . . . . fftn «'•
» |^i*'^ ;::i::; =S ==&^Js^. patent coit skin, "Burrow Jap"; .many hundred pairs in . - j. ',,;-, , .' - ¦ — ¦ ««#w jf
'> V : ' , J '" " ' " ' " -,-^J?-«j% thelotandaUiires, so that none will be disappointed; bs- New Club Tics— in dark, medium and light colonngs, made from 50c silks, .5
[ *^rfrf.J^*^ — g-i_ijL^^ ginning this morning, your choice $2.8O each.-. ... . . . .- . . . .-. ." . '.' . . .-. . . . -2^C '%
f^-'":.".:: ...,•: .:':'/:"":":"".:.." 1". ':::.;:..:::: : ':"'^':r"" ' " •/"-"•::" — — g
TIs Oiir Price for Identically the Same
Suits That the Stores Over in the mW^^^^^^^M
; j ( Aristocratic District Charge From W'Mmm ;
V - Same fabrics— same patterns— same colorings— m^t T^^^^^& 'j^^^^^^^CT-'" '
l\ : This is the only Big Clothing StoVe in the city W^^^b^^^ Wm^^^^^
A that isn't, compelled to ask an extra profit to satisfy fc^y#|^££? r>^ O^fe^':^'^- 1 -
¦\ the exorbitant demands of Us landlord. We do not jBra^ 1 ' •-¦ -'"¦ J*-T
AN spend a fortune every season for advertising. We arc £» f^^^^k '£$¦ '¦: ' :^M
l\- ';.;¦ not extravagant in our storekeeping methods. Wj UffiH^||fl
' \'i ¦' These are the reasons why we can undersell the ft- wtXGKB&^*&~p35&
\X« .'other stores and still make the profit for which wearc $( T^^^E^\%^^
-I FRANK. BROS. |
""Wy On the Cor. of Kcarny and Sacramento Sis. |j l^^a W^^
ADVERTISEMENTS. >. *
GhinchiUa^
Set— Stolen Muff
an<d Hat.
One of . the many elegant . and -; ex- ;
¦ elusive novelties to ' be * seen on -=' onx
third Joor. ¦ .-,.¦:'.' . ¦.,-.- ;*. ..,:_;.. .;¦;
., Wa ' make ; a' specialty of Matched
Sets and. have them In every Xashion-
aU« fur at tempting prices. r ¦¦
DON'T FORGET OUB JTtTMBEK.Nine ladies known as the founders of
the club — Mrs. C. E. Severance, Mrs.
Alan Neai, Mrs. Clarence Smith, Mrs.
C. J. Okell. Mrs. William Shattuck.
Mrs. D. H. Weeks. Mrs. William Lub
bock. Miss Ida . Spencer, ; ; Mrs. ; J. G.
Goodwin — composed the reception com-
ALAMEDA, Oct. 20. — Founders' day
was fittingly celebrated by the Adel
phlan Club this afternoon at its artistic
quarters in Aflelphlan HalL' The rooms
were taxed to their capacity, and
among the guests were many prom
inent dub women from both sides of
the bay. The event took- the form of a
social, with musical and - literary
numbers.
Mrs. Augusta B. Fowler arranged the
programme, which was rendered under
the direction of the new book section
of the club, and was ~ as follows:
(a)' "Vain- Ra's Son«^' (Von Satyman),
(b) "Should He Upbraid?" (Bishop),
Mr«. C. P. Nellton: reading, - "Oft the
Highway." Mr*. Clarence Smith; selected
poems, Mrs. A. J. Samuel; <a) "Sweet Tlpper
ary" (William A. Fisher), (b) Slumber Boat."
Hits Helen Swayne; a molly monologue,
"Wanted, a Working Hou»ekeeper," Mr*.
Monte Haslett: 'flve-mlmite addresses by ex
presidents of j the Adelphlan Club — "Incipience
of' the Club." ..Mrs. Charles L. T}»dale;. "Club
Progress," Mrs. Philip S. Teller; "Intellectual
History of the Club." Mrs. J. N. Young; "Pres
ent and Future of the Club." Mrs. I.* N. Chap
man; "Pioneer Days of the : New Book Sec
tion," Mrs. William RlRby; ".\ew Book Sea
tion. Past and Present," Mrs. Augusta B. Fow
ler. .
It was in 1895 that the tAdelphtan
Club was organized, the prime mover
for the organization being Mrs. C. B.
Severance, who was elected its first
president. The purpose of the organiza
tion was then, as it is now,; to promote
study among women. The first subject
taken up was art. After the club was
a few months old an exhibit was ' held
at the home of Mrs. Clarence M. Smith,
and' this was the introduction of the
organization to the public- > Some
months later It was decided to incorpor
ate under the laws of the State.' • The
membership was limited to 250.
After the Incorporation the club was
divided into sections to better facilitate
the study of diversified subjects. "There
is now a United States history section,
music section/English section, current
events section, art history section,
parliamentary law section, Spanish sec
tion, German section, French section,
Shakespeare section, new book section,
civic section and choral section.
There are thirty applicants for mem
bership on the waiting list, and the af
fairs of the club are in every way pros
perous. . ¦'¦ ¦ ,
mittee and were assisted by the follow
ing: Mrs. J. S. Dodge, Mrs. J. A.
Shaner, Mrs. J. B. Baker and Mrs. C. F.
Young. -.' ,, ¦;;, ¦ -.'.
Refreshments were served at tables
presided over by Mrs. S. B. Connor, aB
sisted by Mrs. Sutphen, Mrs. Rathgeb,
Mrs. Knowland, , Mrs. Shear," Mrs. Car
son and Mrs. Lobb.
TWO OF THE FX3UNDERS OF THE 8 WELL ADELPHIA CLUB OB" ' ALAMEDA,
WHICH YESTERDAY CELEBRATED ITS TWENTY-FIFTH ANNIVERSARY
". WITH A RECEPTION AND ENTERTAINMENT IN ITS PRETTY HOME.
U OAKLAND, , Oc t . % O.-^Char«ed with
bVatlnBr \ his I father,' "W. j. v McOulre, "a
cooper, ¦ 22 ; years ' bid, "was ; arrested\to
day: at ; his ; residence, -6 8 5 ; Twenty
ond -j street*^ The i complalnlngr \ parent
said his-: son becomes so 'abusive
that , there' was' no recourse but > to* send
MUn ?to ; jail. '-. ; ; ; Vr .. ; \
Father Causes ; Son's Arrest.
' CHILDREN •; SUBJECT OF , SUIT.^-Oakland.
Oct. 20. — Florence C. Bell has brought a suit
for the custody > of Jons C.v, William < G. ; and
Harry ,C. Bell, minor children. £ She, does '<¦ net
wan" a divorce or. to' be appointed .their guar
dian. She . says .that "she -has supported . them
f oj eight ¦ yeara and ; that ;; now ' the • father. - Wil
Mam Bell, rays he Is going to take 'them from
her. .She says she was forced to leave her hus
band on i account of his' drinking - and : that the
children have become old enough to be of some
asWstr.rice 'to her and she wants, to have the
legal title to! their services. . ' ..
'It takes more than loftiness to make
a saint.
GIVEN DECREE OF FORECLOSURE —
Oakland. Oct. 20.— The Farmers' and - Mer
chants' Savings Bank of Oakland was given a
decree of foreclosure against J. K. Carpenter
The John Breuner. Company. Taft & Pennoyer"
F. a. Jones. The Wellman-Robblns Mercantile
Agency and others for the mm of $326? 68 to
day by Judge Ogden. .The note was secured by
a piece of land located at Delger and Har
rison - streets, which Is to be sold to satisfy
the claim. . .
Club Superintendent Resia^is.
OAKLAND. Oct. 20.— George Maho
ney, the well-known superintendftot of
the RelJance Athletic Club, has ten
dered bis resignation, to take effect on
November 1, . The resignation has been
«rceptediby the directors "of the club,
•whicb will hereafter employ \ a regular
collector. BSSSSUBEm •>" .
WILL HOLD. CAMPFIRE.-^>akland, Octi
20- — The members of Colonel* John 'B.-Wy man
Circle No^ 22. Ladie\r^«f the , G. . A. ; R. win
rive a eampfire and entertainment at<Lorirjc
Hall. Eleventh and' Clay streets, next Tue«
day erenlnr. 'After the programme and eup
per a 'dance Will be riven. Music will be
furntehed by the Prwldlo Band.
Itinerant Preacher From Kentucky
Falls From Grace and Is , Given :
a Chance to Recover.
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— H. P. Wil
liams, who .said he was an evangelist
from Kentucky, was in the Police
Court, dock to-day-" charged .with
drunkenness. WilliamBV wjf e testified
that her husband had strayed and
for • five days has been ¦ busy trying i to
dispose" of. all the "Kentucky dew 1 ' in
stock in Oakland. To assist Mrs. Wil
liams -in her efforts to . revive her.
spouse/; Judge Smith, sent him, to the
cityJprisori 1 for flvejdays. ;••* \. '. .'
-. Williams confessed that he,' had: had
an appetitefor'strbrig drink'ioefore he
began to ? preach " the . gospel; ; but he
thought until his fall thai he had con
quered .the burning thirst
Marrlaerc Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct.* 20.— rThe following
marriage licenses were?. issued by the
County Clerk to-day \. - Manuel Frates,
2 1, and Mary. R.' '.Santos/;, 17,5 both of
Decoto; Meyer 3&| ." and.^Fora
Chon, -37, • both of San Francisco;;Ed
ward M. Ray,« 28,- Chlcago'and Annie
White, 29, SanrFrahcisco;- t William',C.
Girty, over, 21. San. :". Francisco/: and
Mattie K.\Vurmr'over:18r i Fruitvale;
Otto Kurtz; 25, andiEvelyn I. Fal
coner, 21, both of; Oakland: David J.'
Parker, 22. and Delia La Jeunesse. 23,
both : of - Alameda; John ; E.- 1 . Ross, ; 38,
Westport, and ' Margaret '-Hahn, ' 88,
Fort Bragg. ,. , .
Finds Decomposed Corpse.
:'¦¦ OAKLAND. Octi 20.— Theji unrecog
nizable ; remains : of a-; man I were found
thig morning under the trees in' the De
Fremery grounds /at' ' Sixteenth and
Adeline Btreets^by.rMa»"k» Ryan,';. the
gardener. — The^ body.wa* so badly de
composed .-that "it , was 1 beyond* identi
fication;;.' Dr.- Henry Fine examined the
corpse - at ; the ' morgue and C found ; no
"evidence^of > external^ injuries.' Noth
ing ¦: of \value;.was, found in'<the'cloth
ing. tThtel corpse *wa* - clad* in a " com
mon buisiness suit. ; -¦;;-, .. . ,$ r -> '
tVILL GIVE "WHIST -TOURNEY.— Oakland.
Oct. 23. — Sierra Council No. 1642. Royal Ar
canum, will give the first of a long series of
whist tournaments ¦ next , Monday evening. Sev
eral sub- tournaments will be given each month
and at the end of the month & prize will be
awarded for the best score made. In addition
to the regular termination prizes.
* Oct. 2O.£jGharles B.
Slicer, a former well-known '.liveryman
of this city, died yesterday at the home
of ; his sister, '; Mrs'.v Harriet Carpenter,"
2128^Central avenue, Alameda, aged^5
years. "The deceased has' long been a
victim of paralysis.-- : ; 7 - : .
V Mr. ' Slicer-i came *.tp •' Oakland : in ] 1867
and t only since ? his illness , has, he re- ;
sided 1 elsewhere. *¦ For = many ' y ears^ he
corifiucted ' &T; livery / stable ; on : lower
Broadway ¦ and . at j onel time f was - quite
active : in i local . politics. - ; The t funeral
will ', be ; held ) to-morrow, afternoon : at ;: 2
o'clock ; from , the : Carpenter, ";• residence/
Interment will be at Mountain View
Cemetery.'^^gif^a^SjJS'l . fc *'
Charles B. Slicor, Formerly -Weil
r Known Politician, Dies at His Sis- ¦;
-. ; ter'siHome in Alameda. "^ ¦ "
-:JrF.-Mansell, nn English landscape gardener.
has been given the inipervlsjon of the botanical
gardens and . conservatory. •'¦ . ¦-: , ' '• - r ¦-.
•The • annual • running . of t Skull : and 4 Keys ¦ is
to take ; place :¦ to-morrow i morning, .- when ' the
Initiates will perform > around . North Hall as
usual. '¦-" In the ¦ afternoon ; the ; f un l will 's be ' ; con
tinued before the bleachers."- ' ' * ';-; :<:- ¦¦•¦
" J. B; Landfleld of the history department is
B y^ : T0^.y?^ ; th^ HO^^ Ub >f
¦ El Clrculo Iberico ' has decided to /postpone
*• J>f e^" ta V 0 V, of . the SpanlsH , conTedy?
Despuen do la Lluvla el Sol," to. the nleht
S f No Y, ernber "• Dr. Carlos Bransby o? the
bPanlsh; department ¦_ has offered to coach: the
\jt* pl ]» 0 »P hl cal '¦ Union of [ the jjanlversity is
nnX oi 8 n f l n?*™^"' meetlnV; on- Friday."
November 18, . to be addressed ¦, by f Dr F ' 3
Wrinch.'.Wurtburff, '01. •..-',..
of the. proposed organization
of . a^ Latin conversational club > has \ been made
by .Mr, f Centner, - instructor ;of ; German.' The
club's - purpose will : be ¦, to ' gain,; a' knowledge
of n£ e . 1 VJ« ua *"« »y using it In- convereation. . .
. "The ; women • of the junior class are'plannlng
to; entertain -the freshmen- women at a receD
tlon in ' Hearst . Hall on % October 20 " *" ¦ ¦ >,. •
Bids for • the conatruction : of a-.malnVdrive
way and walk ¦ through the - campua - are : being
received ' by ; the secretary 5 of \ the board of I re
gents. < The . competition . will J close ; next • Mon
day. -The new highwayis to follow, \ln nearly
all places, (he old road, \ from ; the i Dana-street
entrance past the : gymnasium ' to : the College*
avenue exit.". , It .- will: be ; forty ; feet iwide as
far ' as the 1 , gymnasium • and . thirty; feet 1 wide
from that point to the end. The specifications
were prepared ¦¦ by John : Galen t Howard, archi
tect'for the : university. : >;-." >.-• ,-'. ¦
BERKELEY. Oct.. 2O.-The women 'of the
senior class ) have 'decided to wear ''mortar
boards", with gowns on the daya of university
meetings ( only. _-..- The decision was • made at a
meeting of ¦ the class yesterday. . Each - senior
woman will provide her own 'gown. .-."
Y. Professor Lawson hae announced the - receipt
of $»00 for ¦ the Le Conte , Memorial Lodge in
Yofemlte .Valley. The money was contributed
by graduates of the university who are now In
South Afrjca.". : - .
DEATH CALLS PIONEER '
> CITIZEN OP . OAKLAND
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
SUES TOWN- OF. BERKELEY. — Oakland.
Oct. 20. — W*.. H. Norwood began suit In the
Superior Court . to-day •¦ against the Town
Trustees of Berkeley to e top, them from grad
ing a .certain' street, which he says has the
effect of diverting the waters of Derby Creek
over his land. .He also asks for $500 dam-
EVANGELIST. GOES TXK
v JAIL TO GET SOBER
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— The ordinance
and judiciary committee of the City
Council to-night recommended the
passage of a new ordinance to regulate
plumbing work. . The application of
thft Oakland Traction Consolidated for
a franchise on Broadway from Pied
mont avenue to the Country Club's
grounds at Rockridge Park was rec
ommended. - .
Work of City Council.
LADIES TO ENTERTAIN.— Oakland. Oct.
20. — The i ladies of th« First Free Baptist
Church will , give a . musical and literary en
tertainment next Friday evening. • The best
available talent has been engaged and the
ladles expect a good attendance. The pro
gramme begins at 8 o'clock.
CARPENTERS' " DELEGATE RETURNS.-^
Oakland. Oct. 20. — R. "Wiand. -who attended th«
International convention of the Brotherhood ot
Carpenters : and Joiners of America, at Mil
waukee, says that general fight over the open
shop Is expected throughout the Eastern
States.
HAYWARDS, Oct. 20. — Jesse Wood,
a well-known merchant of Haywards,
is trying to raise funds for a moun
ment to the memory of Juan Rodri
guez Cabrillo. the famous Portuguese
explorer and navigator, who discov
ered California, landing in the bay of
San Diegro in September, 1542. Mr.
Wood, who is one of the officers of
the Portuguese Benevolent Society,
has already interested Governor Tar
dee, Senator Perkins and many other
prominent men in . . the project,^ and
they have promised assistance... Wood
is now working among the Portu
guese organizations throughout the
State. He has already obtained a
large number of contributions to the
fund.
Jesse Wood Is Raising Fund for Me
morial to Juan Cabrillo, the
Discoverer of California.
WOULD ERECT MONUMENT
TO GREAT EXPLORER
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Beardsley of Ogden.
Utah, were the guests yesterday of the family
of City Clerk James W. Gillogly/
Vf; H.- Hendrteks and'Mn'-ScliwerTn. *
-"-"Among the guests were nearly' all of these
who" had . been i present when Mr. and Mrs, -
Dorsaz were married fifteen years ago.
9 • m
Mrs. Austin Walton has ' planned a unlqu«
"baby party" for Saturday afternoon at her
pretty home at Linda Vista, where she Is
again settled after three years' absence in the
Orient. Her little sens are to entertain ten
of the ••babies" of the class of '98 of the
University of California, of which class Mrs.
Walton was a member. - while their mothers
Indulee in a pleasant college reunion.
Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Crowell (nee Sam
uels) r?ti.iruci to-day from their honeymoon
tour. Thtlr longest stay was In St. Louis,
where they 'did" the exposition. They are
located for the present at Mrs. CroweU's for
mer residence on Merrimac street.
• • •
ALAMEDA. Oct. 2O. — Miss Dorothy Pansy
Kelly, davclter of Mr. and Mrs. Richard K.
Kelly of lt-1 Clinton avenue, and George
Robert Youcjer Daly of San Francisco were
wedded at noon to-day at Christ Episcopal-
Church, the - Rev. William Norman Guthrle
officiating. A. Dalton Harrison supported the
groom and Mies Ethel Hpfer of Carson, Xev.,
a cousin of the bride, 'was mild of bonr.r.
The < church was tastefully decorated and tne
ceremony was witnessed by a limited' number
of the relatives and friends of the bridal pair.
Following the marriage, there was a reception
at . the Kelly residence. Mr. and Mrs. Daly
will rr>end their honeymoon where fancy, die- ¦¦
tates and upon returning will probably live in
San Francisco, , where the groom • is employed
with the ¦ firm of Cunningham. Curtiss &
Welch.
Si Mr. :; and /Mrs;. Fred'; Ao Dorsaz ¦< celebrated
their r fifteenth wedding i anniversary • last Mon
day evening,*. and many of their, oldest friends
enjoyed « the occasion '.with them. A , profusion
of , red * carnations t brightened the apartments,
where I the < guests played ¦ cards and In other
ways s amused : themselves. .Unique mementoes
of v'the ; occasion .were i in . the * form ? of folded
cards, on * which • were r printed excellent llke
nef ses \pt i the I host and . hostess. . -
' , .The fprlxes ' of . cut glass were ' won* by Mrs
- •: Yesterday . the -: ladies - enjoyed several * game*
of i 600, ; the '-- prizes > being won ", by > Mrs. Par
cells v and * Mrs. : - Cotton. ..The v guests Included
Mrs.T Frank- Parcells; j Mrs. Percy ' Clay • Black,
Mrs." Francis iMusser, ; Mrs.: L.*. t,:\ Bromwell,
Mrs." Frederick Stolp, ¦ Mrs. Irving Burrell, Mrs
Howard Bray, Mrs. < John Albright.' Mrs. Frank
Albright/*- Mrs.'-- Melville I Dozier.t Mr». ."¦ Shelby
.Martin; \ Mrs. 1 -- George - Borneman, Mrs.' 1 John
.Valentine. Jr..* Mrs. Walter Starr,! Miss Marian
Goodfellow,' . Mrs. •. George - Hammer, Mrs. Er
nest' J. Cotton," Mrs. :¦ J. J.* Allen. Mrs: Reginald
.Allen,7.Mlw -Mary: A." Morse. . : ¦ •
- '.The • Melvln home : in ; East' Oakland presented
an " animated . picture : yesterday afternoon,
autumn leaves \ and •' scarlet blossoms : forming
an admirable setting : for the . coterie of . charm
ing . women - invited ¦ to - meet ; Mrs. Melville Do
zier*(nee^ Kinsey).-and.Mrs. Nell Burress Orr
of South Carolina. Mrs. Melvin. like her pop
ular husband, Judge Harry Melvln, Is a moat
; hospitable ''¦ entertainer ': and • their • horne,'- where
•lovers ' of ; music •¦ especially "¦ like ¦ to congregate,
ia frequently the scene of some pleasant gath-
OAKLAND, ,pct.' 20vT-' Uke the gentleman
that.he.cao* be occasionally, .the" weather.'"clerk
responded 2. to -lour 'prayer* ¦ and . gave us- the
best he had in stock for the Fore-Hewlett wed
dlng;..to pjyhj.';...Ever, r since the .w«ddlnj ; day
was. sit, society has been on.-thej'tlptos^of «x
pectatioiT,'. for ."itir pje-",world loves' a IoviiirJ'. and
women delight in a v beautiful bride. ?Nor \ did
Mis* lone - Fore that was;*, now llr». . Kugene
Hewlett, disappoint her friends, for rurely no
lovelier a bride ever bowed her dainty head for
the nuptial blessing. . . . -
-When » o'clock, arrived to-night St. Paul'*
Episcopal Church was crowded to the doors
with the waiting, expectant throng, the many
beautiful gowns of various hues blending with
the I lights and elaborate decorations ot green
and white in one vast brilliant picture. . •
At last- the glorious . strains v * the Wasnir
"Festival Chorus" announced the bride's ap
proach, and the head usher led the way to tue
altar. The other ushers, four in number, iol
lcwf-d ami then came the bridesmaids, ¦• pre
ceded by Mlaa Natalie Fore. The maid of
honor. Miss Pauline Fore, came next and then
the bride, being on her father's arm.
One can describe the gown, but that really
conveys little Idea of the exquisite grace of
its soit, fluffr outlines. Of white tulle over
white satin, the full trailing skirt was en
crusted with slender panels of Bruges lace
from belt to ' wide flounce. Bach panel was
outlined | with pendent orange „ buds. Lovers'
knots,- embroidered in . white . satin "ribbon.
adorned the . tulle flounce. The deep trans
parent-yoke of the bodice had a slightly low
"Dutch neck" and was outlined with a tulle
and lace, berthe finished with a fringelike ef
fect . in [orange blosaoms./A wreath of oranga
blossoms, so trying to any but a really beau
tiful :. woman, held • the veil in place and the
conventional bouquet .was a shower of pale
orchids • and lilies of ; the valley. The , only
orn&m*nt'worn by this daintiest of brides was
the circlet of diamonds and rubles, the groom's
gift, that sparkled on her hand. -..
' Miss Pauline Fore, the maid of honor, was
in pink and the nve bridesmaids in white. The
gowns, "picturesquely colonial in effect, were
all made > Just ' alike, of - satin messaline with
round full skirts . and low bodices. Valen
ciennes lace gave a bolero like finish to the
corsage, while the - deep girdle, pointed in
front, ended in a postilion back, -which was
buttoned with rhlnestones. - Each dainty
maiden carried a shower of bridesmaid roses
and ' wore - in her hair the • bride's gift — a
Parisian ornament - consisting . of . two ostrich
plumes and an aigrette, the whole sparkling
with brilliants.::
¦ The bridesmaids . were, first, . Miss Natalie
Fore, and MUs Ethel Valentine, Miss Ger
trude Allen, Miss Crissle Taft and Miss Edith
GasklU .
- Dr. Walter Hewlett attended the groom, his
brother."- and the ushers, were Albion Whitney,
Arthur Ooodftllow. Allen Checkering, Thomas
Porter Bishop and Howard Huntington. „
.. 8t Paul's Chancel, which lends Itself read
ily to decorative schemes, was a perfect bower
ef - ferns - and ¦: white flowers. * Rev. '" Charles
Thomas Walkley pronounced the nuptial bless
. ¦ A 'reception at the Fore home ¦ on Franklin
street - followed the ., ceremony, not quite one
hundred : ' guests *> having been . invited to the
houBe. . -An s. artistic -• arrangement of; foliage
and pink blcssomg pav<j the residence a. gala
Aspect; and supper :. was : served on small tables
scattered ' throughout the various ; apartments.-
The .'bride's table ~was> set In the library and
was distinguished by a charming garniture of
pink ' tulle and -roses. ¦ «. Little -souvenirs ' for
guests ' at ' this . table were pretty hand-painted
Cupids entwining two hearts. In addition to
the ' bridal : party. 1 " those seated : at " the ¦ round
table - were < Mrs. - Chlckering >¦ and . Mrs. ; Bishop,
Ralph McCorrnlok and Han*ey . Llndsey.
• Mr.- and i Mrs. Hewlett go '¦ East Immediately
via-New ¦Orleans.iandiwill probably he away
six or eight 'weeks.'- On .their return' they will
reside " at s the : St. * Dunstan ; in - San ¦ Francisco,
whlch^ is ' already ; Mr. • Hewlett's home. He Is
ft graduate ' of the State University and of the
Harvard -Law « School and, as - an attorney, .' has
made ' rapid ' strides ' In • his : profession; He Is
a son": of - Mr. and «Mra. * Frederick . Hewlett of
Napa -County. . : -v.' .-. . -.
- .The bride - is the i third i daughter of Mr. and
Mrs Charles Fore of this '• city.
By Zoe. 4 Green Radcliffe.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 20,— Chief of Po
lice John Conrad has recovered near
ly all of the jewelry stolen from the
residence of J. C. Henkenius, 1210
Paru street, on the 11th of this month,
by W. F. Kennedy, who .was arrest
ed here Tuesday night and who con
fessed that he robbed the house. He
has also admitted to the "police that he
burglarized the home of F. E. New
berry, 730 Pacific avenue, and the cot
tage of W. C. Donnelly, 1211 Pacific
avenue. Five hundred dollars' worth
of diamonds and jewelry were taken
from the Newberry residence, but thus
far none of the property has been re
covered. Kennedy also confessed to
having robbed the homes of George
Murdofck and Louis Newbell. He as
serts that what jewelry he did not dis
pose of he threw away.
W. F. Kennedy's Confession Results in
Recovery of Jewels He
. Had Pawned.
MISS FORE WEDS.
rOUCE FIND GE31S ; I j^7 V>
STOLBX BY. BURiGLAR
"The i only remedy that I. find efflca
clous," continued the Judge, "is to
soundly spank the youthful culprit. In
this; case I shall advise 'you to, thus
proceed.' I feel convinced that the pun
ishment thus inflicted will be ; more
useful than any that I have power to
impose. . .
'.'Therefore the judgment in this mat
ter-will be suspended pending . results
from the spanking that I have 'sug
gested. The court hopes .that- Willie
will be sufficiently impressed." ;
"Madam, there is only one" way ' to
cure cigarette-smokers when they are
as young as your boy is," solemnly pro
claimed his Honor, Police Judge Morti
mer Smith to-day, when Mrs. A. Ken
nedy of West Oakland appeared at the
bar with Willie Kennedy, 13 years old.
William had .been "arrested for, violating
the-f municipal, ordinance designed , to
prohibit "youths under 16 years : of age,
f rom-;indulging; In* the . seductive paper
rolls'.:. *.;•.. -v -¦"¦;• * ¦ '. ¦ • : -' ¦¦-.. ¦ ¦¦
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct.' 20. .
Fitzpatrick brought suit to recover on
a promissory note for $1200 given him
by . the woman: .Her daughter - retali
ated by bringing suit. to eject him from
the premises on "Ninth street in West
Berkeley, 1 formerly occupied ' by Fitz
patrick ,and the woman. Mrs. Bent
ley's'-'defense in the promissory, note
proceeding was an allegation "that the
note had been procured by, fraud.
: "Mrs. Bentley and I are 'now good
friends 'and it's different now,"' said
Fitzpatrick to Judge Edgar. "We have
settled our' troubles and this morning
we.; had' breakfast together.' Mrs.
Bentley Fat by his side.' She said noth
ing in denial or affirmation- of Fitz
patrick's statement.
Both were in court In connection with
the ejectment." proceedings brought by
Mrs.' Bentley'S daughter. The case was
continued for two weeks at the request
of attorneys. .-...;. f
James Fitzpatrlckr the octogenarian
who claims that ilrs. Honora Bentley,
an aged and wealthy woman of Berke
ley, is his wife by contract marriage,
announced . in Judge Edgar's court to-,
day ; that the differences which have
separated them are all settled now. . "¦
'Mrs, Bentley left Fltzpatrick six
months ago, and. when he laid claim .to
her property as a contract husband she
deeded it to Margaret" Curtis," her
daughter, and Attorney D. Mitchell of
Oakland. ;.. '
Berkeley Offlce San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. Oct. 20.
James Fitzpat rick Admits
That He Favors Peace
With His "Contract Wif e"
Judge Mortiiner Smith Or
ders Mother to Trounce
Young Cigarette Smoker
SAYS SPANKING
IS THE REMEDY
DIFFERENT NOW
SAYS THE LADY
Colonel Owen : J. Sweet, who has
been on sick leave, will take command
of , the regiment at that post.
1 The second squadron, Fourth Cav
alry, | failed to arrive yesterday as ex
pected. They are now scheduled to
arrive this morning at 9:30 o'clock.
Major Cunliffe H. ; Murray comes/in
•command. , , . , ¦ I
: Lieutenant C. E. Babcbck, who ar
rived on the transport Logan on Tues
day: in' charge of enlisted men. who
came h*re to. receive their discharge,
has been at the camp at Angel Island.
To-day. he; will come to town and stay
at : the . Occidental until > he . leaves for,
Manila on Vthe , transport; Sherman,'
sailing from here November 1.
e "Major Pafker W. West will leave
on Sunday morning forthe^Eastl. -His
trip combines both business and ? pleas
ure. During his absence he will visit
members of his family ' whom he has
not seen for some years. In: the in
terim between the time of his de
parture and the arrival ; of Captain F.
L. Winn;.who is at; present inspecting
rifle ranges in? the north,, Captain John
J. -Bradley will act as temporary aid
to MacArthur. ' •
: .Cplonel W.: s, Scott:' called on Gen
eral MacArthur : at J the • new ' division
headquarters in ." the '-' Grant building
yesterday. .; ' ; ' \
' The following officers registered at
department - headquarters " yesterday:
Captainr F. ; M. Savage, Fifteenth In
fantry,. ; staying-.. at ' the .Occidental;'
Lieutenant F.W. Palmer^ medical de
partment, .returning.' to* station.^ at the
Occidental, "and Captain; C. H; -McKin
stry, -engineer department, .on " leave,
staying at 2912" Pa.clfic- avenue.
The ..companies T* of . coast -artillery
stationed' at the' Presidl(vnnished r their
sub-caliber practice yesterday.' " •
; -The Second Battalion.^ Twenty
eighth Infantry," in command" of Cap
tain Frank B. Bamford, who ' have
beenat target practice at Rodeo rifle
range,- returned to the Presidio yes
terday. " '''¦'?'¦ -:•:¦- ¦'¦y
The Twenty-eighth v Infantry, in
command of Colonel W. L. Pitcher,
expects to leave here on November 5
for Fort Snelling.
This case has occupied a great deal of
attention in army circles and the ver
dict is ' awaited ' with much interest.
Lieutenant Richards has used every
means in his power to have)the charges
against him '."squashed",; so that he may
still retain his commission, gj Much I doc
u:nentary evidence has been Introduced
from the Philippines and different parts
of this country and the accused's,fath
er | made a special trip across the I con
'Unent tp testify' in his son's/behalf.
. The court will "convene' again this
morning at : 10 o'clock to discuss the
question of the findings.^
. Major Edgar A. Mearns, medical de
partment ; will be presented; with a sil
ver, loving cup this morning" at the
General 'Hospital' at the Presidio. - The
gift is from officers and civilians. Major
Mearns is • highly esteemed throughout
the a,rmy/.lHe is regarded ; as the'lead
ing ornithologist, and naturalist' in the
service. , He was compelled to -return
from «the Philippines on account of ill
ness and it will be some time" before
he^ will leave the hospital."
*iMrs»'.'H. A. , Morrow, widow of the
late Colonel 'Morrow, has returned from
Bait Lake and with her son, Major H.
M." Morrow, is 'staying at the Nprd
hoff. - - ¦'¦ ¦•¦¦¦¦ ' :
The trial of Lieutenant G. S. Rich- t
ards Jr., charged with jduplicating his
pay accounts at , three different times,
is now practically ended: All the tes
timony; is in and the arguments were
concluded "at 6 o'clock last night.
The court convened at 10 o'clock yes
terday morning, when Attorney R. L.
Hathorn opened up the session on be
half of the defendant. He spoke earn
estly for two hours. At the opening of
the afternoon session Judge. Advocate"*
John J. Bradley made a powerful ad
dress : on' behalf of the prosecution. ".
He reviewed the case fully from be
ginning to end, covering every salient
point that had been brought up during
the long/and tedious .trial" that has oc
cupied,the attention of this court-mar
tial- for a period of over six months.
Captain Bradley spoke .rapidly'; and
fluently for three hours and forty' min
utes and was listened to with rapt at
tention by the court,- the accused and
his counsel.
The taking of the testimony was fin
is-hed to-day and the matter is to be
taken under consideration by Judge
Ellsworth. - .¦/-•-
While Edna Wallace Hopper, the
actress, would give up the magnificent
collection of books left by her mother,
the late Josephine Dunsmuir, to satis
fy the demands of the publishing, firm
of E. Holdaway & Co., which is now
suing for the payment of $30,000
worth delivered, she is ' opposed by
the young son of Mountford Wilson of
the firm of Wilson ."& Wilson, in San
Francisco, who was left the books by
Airs. Dunsmuir, and Publisher Hold
away finds that he can neither get
books nor money.
Edna Hopper thinks more of horses
than of books and wants to let the
publisher have them back. Young
Wilson wants the books and wants the
ej? rate' to pay the money, now due on
them, so that he can get his legacy
clear. Between these stands Executor
Charles H. Lovell, who finds himself
in an awkward position. As a mem
ber of the firm of Wilson & Wilson
he would like to - oblige young Wil
son. But as executor of the estate
he " also wants to please Mrs. Hop
per. Between these claimants the
matter is tightly drawn. , ?.'
In speaking for the publisher's end
of the three-cornered ' fight Attorney
Stanley Moore said to-day: "My client
is the worst rattled man in the case.
He scratches his head arid does not
know where he is. -.He is willing to
take the books, but they won't*- give
them up. He is willing to take the
money and they will not pay him."
These books cannot be duplicated and
hv had great difficulty in filling the or
ders. But there Is a fight within a
fight which we are called upon to
combat."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 20.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 20.— Human bones,
unearthed from ¦ the bottom -of the es-,
tuary. this morning, clogged the pipe
of the dredger at work" off the Alameda
Boating Club's house and stopped the
big machine until 7 - the obstruction could
be removed. NeaVly all of the skeleton
was found jn the pipe and at the out
let, but it had been badly rent in going
through the suction pump. There was
no trace of Jflesh on the bones,' and
they show evidence of : having . been in
the water for.- a long time.
Louis Sansdm, who was in charge of
the night 'shift; on the dredger, made
the grewaome discovery at 5:30 o'clock
thts morning. • He- observed that the
water and ' slickena .; were not • flowing
through the pipe at a certain point as
freely as they. Should/ WithPeter Lar
sen, Charles . Olsen and - Eric Isaacson
he made an, examination of the pipe
and discovered the skeleton. The bones
are large;! and; it is believed that; they
are "those* of a ; man.-' - ." ' V\
The bones were 'taken to the : local
Branch Morgue * to await r word from
Coroner H. <B. Mehrmann as to what
disposition shall be made of them.. .
'. Helen A. Dtanwr to Leonard Thomas, lot
on NW corner of HUgard avenne and Lookout
place. W 112.S3. N 125 E 50. 3 125 belnjr
subdivisions S. 9 and 10 of lota 23 and 24. and
portion of subdivision 4 of lot 22. block 15.
map of subdivision of block 25, etc., Daley's
Sc«nlc Park. Berkeley: $10.
/ Joseph and Grace Davlea (wife), by J. B.
Lanktree commissioner, to Esther F. Crowell
(widow), lot on E line of Curtis street. 51.16 X
of Bristol, N 51.18 by E 100,. lot 10. block
3, Curtis Tract. Berkeley; $372.
John U. and Eva C. Oberg (wife) to Charles
C. ConweH. lot on 8 line of Russell street.
200. E of Ellsworth. E 10O by S 130.80. lot* 5
and 6. block E. Suburban Tract. Berkeley; $10.
-Elmer K. , and Jessie N. Cole (wife) trx C.
Texdahl. lot on E line of Harper street m.7S
N of Prince. X 50 by E 122.01. lot 7. map of
subdivision of block 7. Centra! Park Tract.
Berkeley; Jlfc ' ..
Delanoy-Randlett Company (corporation) ta
Jomes B. Schoonmaker. lot on E line of Laurel
street. 560 S'of Clinton avenue. S 40 by E 130.
lot 30. block A. Belevue Tract. Alameda; $10.
-R. J. McMullen (single) to E. E. Laymance.
lot on N line of Park avenue. 15U:6E of Hal
leek. E.B3 by N 125. lot 2. block 23. map part
plat 8 of Kellerberger's survey V. and P, Pe
ralta Rancho. property J. S. Emery. Emery
ville. Oakland Township: also lot on 9 line of
Park avenue. 81:8 "W of Hubbard <bemg»l?o
26S9-6 W of San Pablo avenue). W 23 by 3
125. lot 20. block" 27, same map, Oak
land Township; $10. v:- • ,
Byron E. and Florence J. Underwood (wtfr)
to E. I* E. GHllhan. lot on "WHne of Hllle
tcass avenue. 100 N of Stuart street. -W 148 by
N 50. lot 10. block C. Berry- Bangs Tract, etc..
Berkeley; $10.
Martha Jamsa (widow) to Martha V.' James
(daughter), lot on N line of Channlns way, 250
E of Bowdlteh street, E 50 by N 100, being
subdivision F of let 2. block 9, College Home
stead. Berkeley: gift.
Julius and Au artiste T. Schunhoff to Frances
B. Williams, lot en N line of Prince street.
234:4 W of "Wheeler. W 150 by N 105. lots 13
to 21, block E. map E, portion Newfcury Tract,
Berkeley: $10.
Cecil Brown (trustee under will of Godfrey
Rhodes, deceased) to Eliza Moore (widow), lot
on W line of Oxford street. , 289.70 N of Col
lege way (now Hearst avenue). N 100 by W
136.60. map Whitton' Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Robert and Robert Boyle Jr. to Margaret
Boyle, lot on E line of Hollls street. 525 N'
of B, N 25 by E 125, being jnibdlvlslon B of
lot 6. block 801. map 2. "Watts Tract. Oak
land; also lot. 7, revised map of Piedmont
Cable Tract. Oakland Township; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association (cor
poration) to John H. Volker, lot tn cemetery.
Oakland Township: $30
J. M. and Ida C. Shannon (wife) to Charles
H. Taylor. lot 86. map of property of Capital
Homestead Association.- East Oakland? $10.
Charles H. and Wllhelmlna Taylor to G.
Vandenpeereboom, lot on SE corner of Peralta
avenue and Howard street. 8 13O by S 40. lot
86, property of Capital .Homestead Association,
Brooklyn, East Oakland; $10.
. Alfred Schlffer to Moses J. Frank, land de
scribed in S36 D. 293. NE % of block 82. W tf
of block 23. NE % of block 35. SE >4 of block
40. S *4 of block 21. lots 11. 12 and 13. block
31. lots 5, 10 and IS. block 10. lot 6. block 7,
lots 1. 2 and 3. block 14. lot 15. block 13. lota
1 to 3. block 9. lot 15. block 13, map of Town
of San Antonio. East Oakland; grant.
* ." Edward' Barney (single) to Mathias Swanson.
lot on S line of Alcatraz avenue. ISO E of
P hat tuck avenue. E 40, SE 138.15. SW 40.
XW 138.00, lot 4, Uttlefleld ; Tract, Oakland:
$10. ¦
Teresa C. Wheeler (widow) to John May, U>t
on S Una. of. Seventh or Railroad avenue. '33:3
E of- Union. E B0 by S 108:SU. W 60. N
tW-.ZM. lots 20 and 21. block 439. maj 2,
Brings Tract. Oakland; $5.
Mary IT. Saunders to Henry St. George Hop
kins, lots 3 to 0, block F. lots 12. 13. 18. 35.
40 to 42, block G, -Broadway Terrace, Oak
land; U0.
Stephen A. and Nettle Norman to Wllllim
Frisbte Lewis, lot on NE line of East Seven
teenth street 75 NW of Seventeenth avenue,
NW 25 by NE 140. lot 9. block 68. San An
tonio. East Oakland; $10.
• Frederick Hahn (executor of the estate of
Frederick ,W. Weyhe) to J. George Smith, all
interest In lot on E line of S hat tuck avenue.
50.07 N. of Cornwall (now Fifty-first) stre«t.
N M.07, E 105.47. 8 50, W 108.20. lot 2, map
of McElratb Tract. Oakland; $373.
Commercial Loan and Trust Company.
Commercial' Building and Loan Association to
Albert Adder. lot on W line of Chestnut street,
150 S oi-Twenty-third. 8 60 by W 127. portion
of lot 8." clock C Peralta Homestead Asso
ciation. Oakland; $10.
William ' E. and Ermlna Dargte to W. M.
Peterson, lot 14, map of Idora Park Tract.
Oakland; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to Mat Hetnzen, lot on
NE corner -of Fifty-second and Market streets.
B 120 by N 00. lots 27 and 23. block N. ma?
of Santa Fe Tract 4 (deed and agreement).
Oakland: $10. . . ..,"
Mary A. Smith, (administratrix of estate of
Lois Apgar) to Georie Roeth.. lots 8 to I*
block 30. Kellersbergar's map (recorded Octo
ber 19. 1904). Oakland; 15500.
Henry Rogers (aa trustee of the trnst creat
ed by Catherine M. Garc«loa> to Asburjr J.
Russell. Peter I* Wheeler and William is.
Bosley (trustees of Samuel aiarritt Hospltab.
lot on NW corner of Madison and Tweim
streets. N ISO by W 200. block 169. Kellen
beryer's map. Oakland; also all Interest t»
streets In front of said lota, Oakland; also «
on E line of Jackson street. 120 N of Thli
teemh. X SO by E ISO. block 19S, same ma},
Oakland; also lot on B line of Jackson street.
Bo N of Fourteenth. N 25O by E 30O. and aa
interest In streets In front of said lots, Oak
land; also lot on NW corner of Fifteenth and
Madlaon streets. N 88:5 W 130. same. Oak
land; also lot on W line of Madison street.
210 8 of Lake. S 81 :S by W 150. Oakland; also
lot on B line of Madison street. 825 S of Laks.
8 303 by E 140. Oakland; also lot on W line
of Oak street. 216 N of Fourteenth. N 812:« by
W 100, same; also lot on E line of Oak
street. «94 N of Thirteenth, N S06. E 125 to
shore of Lake Merrltt. S along sama to Inter*
section with N line of lot formerly conveyed
by said Rogers to said trustees, 80a D 178. W
185 to beginning. Oakland; $ — '¦ — .
Same to same, land bounded N by S line of
First street. E by center line of Washlnfftoa
street projected S. W by center line of Clay
street projected 8. 8 by N pier head of Una
of Oakland Harbor aa established by the
United States Government, belne portion of
Oakland water front and being entire block*
206 and 224). with Intervening and adjacent
streets. Whltcners* map. Oakland; 196.000.
Joseph and Robert Aspden (sole hetra of
the estate of George H. Aspden) to Elizabeth
P. Lovell. undivided one-eighth Interest In
following: Lot on JJE corner of Madison and
Twelfth streets. E 150 by N 100. Oakland;
also land bounded on the 8 by 1* line of
Eighth street. B by W line of West. N by
S line of Ninth and W by B line of Market,
being block 110. Oakland: also land bounded
by- East Twelfth and East Eleventh streets.
First. avenue and the creek, being fractional
block 26. East Oakland; also lot on N lint
of ' West • Fifth street 62:8 E of Adeline. E
201:*ir-N 101:9 Oakland: also lot on 8 line
of WestVlfth street. 85 E of Adeline. E 32 by
S 07. and property out of county. Oakland: $5.
Alameda County.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 20.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
While They Are Out Neither
the Books Xor the Money
Are for the. Publisher
BONES CLOG HUGE MACHINE
MajorEdgar A. Mearns Will
. : Be Presented With Token
of Esteem From Friends
TO/RlcEIVE LOVINa CUP
HEIRS AT LOGGERHEADS
Earnest and Lengthy Talks
-:Mai:k Final Day's Proceed-*
i ings of:"- Court - Martial
Suit Over Dunsinuir Books
Opens Up a Peculiar
Situation in the Case
Keeps Ninth Anniversary of
WOMEN CELEBRATE
ADELPHIAN'S DAY
Dredger Unearths
A Human Skeleton
RICHARDS TRIAL
COMES TO END
RIVAL CLAIMS
MAKE TROUBLE
THE ;SAN ;FRANCISGO iGALL,' "FRIDAY, OGTOEER 21; 1904
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
FREE — FREE -^- FREE
\"y: : wyth ¦-"-- r - ¦-•-•'¦
—— i SUNDAY/ C ALL--—
;; . ;, ;^ WANT: ADS.i
Your Choice of Two' Premiums,
.¦>.;.,••-.:."-. •.-. vEitherTa; ->-^: .:. , f-
—LIGHTNINGI BREAD and—
; : ; " JCAKEVKNIF^. ': ' ;¦
¦^V,vV v .: : ':--:'br i al i '-""" : ;,. . ¦
;;;;; ; nut set — —
(Six Nuik - Picks : ahc ; a ; Crack.)
See ' Sniail fAd. I Page r. f or Fur-'
. . x \ rv ther, Particulars.^ '.
feffl/Msf -m* ' & EU Every woman coveta a
loss of their girlish forms
f^if^L^^ju after marriage. The bearing
¦ < All of this can be avoided,
nowevcr, ; by^the : use of Mother's -Friend before baby comes, as this
great, liniment always prepares the body for the strain Cnpon : it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form'. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this j critical i period • without "pain. It" w' woman's greatest ' blessing.
Thousands '.gratefully ; tell of ; the benefit anii -relief derived from th«
use of ; this wonderful .
bookftellingall about ¦ • '-
this hnintent, will be sent free. W., tmtri m-Mfiwu **M
TkiBniH8MS8nlatw.C^lttiit| a ;8L B O@H|I
AD^RTiSEaiEyrsf , '
Sufferers from
DYSPEPSiA
cannot only find relief; bat an absolute
care from this distressing- troub> by using
I In order to prove that ' this absolutely
I harmless , remedy cares - catarrhal ¦ in- -
I fianmation of the stomach, I will tend -
j TRIAL SIZE \ BOTTLE FREE '
I on receipt •% a$ cents to pay postage.
i Glvcozone not only relieves, but
, It cures. :•-"¦•¦';,--;; . ¦. ;_> f <'
In this it differs from what yoosnay '
- have VAt dSjfRQt&9&KB3&gtg&O
Sold by Icaudlntf druggists. .
BToae rr aalae wlttaoat say draatHr*. . .
I'\ - 610 Prince Su. New York. '
S«tU tm tn» BwkUt « B^r to tn>t 4itNH< • ¦
—>¦>¦)»!_ t- — J rr<r rf /¦¦trl'Tttri >¦¦»¦¦¦ lib
BE ANCH OFFICES \
OF THE CALL INf
, ' ALAMEDA COHNTT
OAKCAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
- • BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77. 1 -v
AIiA3IEDA.'
1435 Park Street. i
Telephone Alameds 559.We have converted-* our " picture room
into a beautlbil art ' gallery for the^exni
bition and sale of moderate priced paint
ings, .* water., colors, . pastels." etchings and
fine photographs. Inspection cordially
Invited. Sanborn, Vaii & Co. •
A New .Art Gallery.
¦ At the meeting of the Building
Trades Council last 'night the election
of P. H. McCarthy to the general exec
utive board of the United Brotherhood
of Carpenters and Joiners of America
was heartily indorsed by that body.
The Poultry Dealers' Protective As
sociation has acted upon the sugges
tions of the Citizens', Alliance and de
cided not to reduce the pay or length
en the hours of the poultry dressers.
Xo Reduction In Wages.
A man in trouble Is apt to discover
that his friends are not as friendly; as
they might be.
NEW-YORK, Oct. 20.— The follow
ing Californians arrived in New York
to-day:
From San Francisco— S. Arenson,
at the. Grand; A. M. Bremer, at the
Martha "Washington; J. Cooper, at the
Hoffman: F. M. Greenwood, at the
Martha Washington; P. Hewlett, at
the Navarre; Miss Marshall and 'Dr. C.
Marshall, at the Marlhorough; H. Lo
gan and the . Misses Logan, at the
Hoffman; R. G. Bonestell, at the.Im
perial; A. W. Brown and wife, at the
Savoy; H. E. Choynski, at the Herald
Square; H- Crotiglia, at the Grego
rian: Miss M. Goetjen and H. Goetjen.
at the Cosmopolitan; C- H. Green, at
the Navarre; E. Hildebrand, at the
Wolcott; E. C. Little, at the Victoria;
J.-E. Marks, at the Herald Square; R.
Wlenecke and wife, at the Belvidere;
Miss G. Wreden and H. > Wreden, at
the Cosmopolitan.
From Los Angeles — J. Cook, «at the
Imperial; P. J. Keeler, at the Everett;
Mrs. I. Weld, -at; the < Kensington; B.
P. Hear and ¦ wife and C.' E. Rose and
wife, at the Marlborough.
CalifornLius in New York.
Thf annual banquet of the alumni
of St. Ignatius College was held in the
Marble hail of the Palac* last
evening. About seventy-five graduates
of the college attended and Thomas
W. Hfckey presided. The toasts of the
evening were as follows: "The Pope";
"The President, of the United States";
"The Archdiocese," Rev. Joseph M.
Gleason; "Our State." James D.Phe
lan: "The Faculty." Rev." John P.
Frieden, S. J.: "Early Days," Albert
M. Whittle: "Our Alma Mater," John
L. Mulrenin: "Our Association.". Jere
miah F. Sullivan.
College Alumni at Banquet.
Twenty Cars Fall From Bridge Into
! Truckee Hiver.
. SACRAMENTO, Oct. 20. — This af
ternoon a freight train was wrecked
near Calvada, ¦ four miles west of Ver
j di. New, and near the California line.
I Twenty loaded cars were derailed,
eighteen of them being precipitated
! into the Truckee River. .Two tramps,
1 whose names are not known, were se
! riously injured. They were stealing
[ a ride when the wreck occurred.
j The wreck is said to have been
/ caused by a wheel under one - of the
! cars breaking. Wrecking crews have
been dispatched to clear the track and
reopen it to traffic.^
WRECK NEAR VERDI.
All who would see the great valley at Its
Lest should eo now. No better chance will
be aCorded until next year. Sleeping car ser
vice to Raymond: ccmfortabl* stages and
rood .meala. Folder, maps and fullest in-
Icrmslicn regardlriR things . to be wen and
cost of trip, at Southern Pacific efflce. «{13
Market stre*:. •
Karlr rains hare swelled the streams and
added volume and force to every waterfall In
Tosern>te. Th? atmosDhcre has cleared. S3
that remarkable view* are now had of the en
tire valley, the view from Glacier Point bf Ing
sujerb. The t>tase roads are cractlcally free
Ircrn all dust ar.d ideal for travellnz. Sim
ilar conditions make a v'slt tu the Big: Trees,
done en r'.utc, more than usually fine and Im
pressive.
Clear Weather Affords Remarkably
Fine Views — Waterfalls Booming.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 20.— R. J.
Laws, superintendent of the Sacra
mento division of the Southern Pa
cific Company, who died so suddenly
this morning at the scene of the
wreck at Yuba Pass, began service
with the railroad company July 14,
1S6S. He was first employed as rod
man in the engineering department
and later as assistant to the resident
engineer. In 1876 he was appointed
roadmaster on the Sacramento di
vision with headquarters at Blue Can
yon, within a few miles of the station
where he passed away. After two
years he was transferred to the posi
tion of roadmaster in charge of the
lines .between Sacramento and Oak
land.
In the spring of 1880. through the
recommendation of A. N. Towne and
J. A. Fillmore. Laws took the posi
tion of superintendent of the con
struction of the Carson and Colorado
Railroad, In Nevada, and in 1S82 he
became assistant superintendent of
the line. After the line was complet
ed he continued in the service of the
company as assistant superintendent
and chief engineer until April. 1902,
when he was transferred to Sacramen
to to take the position of division su
perintendent, which he filled until his
death. Laws was a prominent Knight
Templar. He was a man of sterling
character and was well liked by all
who knew him. . He always dealt
fairly with the men and commanded
their respect. He was 57 years of age.
A wife "and three daughters survive
him. •
of the Southern Pacific.
Superintendent Laws a n Old Employe
GROWS OLD IN SERVICE.
It is said, too, that the Sterling
company has turned its assets over to
the United States Bonding Company
and is destroying evidence of the
transfer. Judgment is asked for $15,
000 for all of the contract holders, an
accounting: is demanded and an In
junction restraining the company
from disposing of its assets is prayed
for. ; : -'<r*6;j ¦
Another batch of victims of a get
rich-quick scheme have come to the
Superior Court for relief. A suit was
begun yesterday against J. C Watson
and W. A. C. Smith doing business as
the Sterling Securities Company by
A. C. Hicks, Estelle F. Hicks and four
ether holders of "merchandise con
tracts" promising to pay two dollars
for one. The complainants allege
that the business is illegal and
conducted for the purpose of defraud
ing the contract holders. They say
that more than 500 contracts have
been sold and more than $15,000 paid
in to the concern, and of this sum it
is said more than $6000 has been con
verted, withdrawn and misappropri
ated.
Purchasers of "Merchandise Con
tracts" Bring Suit Against Ster
ling Securities Company.
DEMAND MONEY FROM
GET-RICH-QUICIi CONCERN
We have noticed that a good talker
ie apt to talk too long.
BLOOMINGTON, I1L, Oct. 20. — A
sensation was created here this after
noon when Matthew R. Cunningham,
Countj- Recorder, committed suicide
by shooting himself through the head.
It had been known for some time that
the accounts of the Recorder were in
a tangled condition and the Grand
Jury finally took action, as did the
Board of Supervisors also.
A committee of the latter was ap
pointed and made an examination cf
the accounts, finding that he was
about 5500 short, which his bonds
men agreed to make good. The bonds
man had an appointment to meet him
this afternoon for a settlement, but,
dreading the possible outcome of this
conference, he killed himself.
The*t of Only Five Hundred Dollars
Leads to a Tragedy In
Illinois.
When Charles Gustavus Adams, at
torney at law and formerly an Epis
copal clergyman, turned on the gas
last Tuesday night in his room at 118
Eddy street, he ended by a tragedy a
life that had been full of tragedies. On
June 17, 1901, Adams, then a clergy
man, residing in Berkeley, shot and
killed J. T. Jessup, a dentist. Adams
was laboring under a fit of delirium
tremeris and was beating his daughter.
She telephoned for Jessup to come and '>
save her, and when the dentist ap- {
pcared on the stairway the frenzied
minister shot him, inflicting a mortal
wound. Adams was acquitted on the
ground of insanity and was commit
ted to the hospital for the insane at j
Agnews, whence he was discharged as j
cured about two years ago.
Adams has since lived in this city
arid practiced law, his office at the
time of his death being in the Colum
bian building, 916 Market street. His
suicide was due to despondency,
caused by his separation from a young
woman named Maud Ellson, formerly
or 14 82 Fulton street, with whom he
had been keeping company for about
a month. The girl left him last Tues
day, and residents of the house In
formed Deputy Coroner Fennell that
Adams said to her: "Maud, if you
won't come back to me, I'll commit
suicide." t i» ~
Between 9 and 10 o'clock last Tues
day night, the landlady, Mrs. S. C.
Madden, smelled gas escaping from his |
room. She entered and asked Adams,
who was in bed, why he had turned
on the gas, and he denied the fact or I
that the gas was escaping. The burner '
was open at the time and the fluid was j
pouring from it. Mrs. Madden closed j
the key and warned him to be more j
careful. Then she opened the win- 1
dow and left the room. j
In the morning the windows were
closed, the gas valve was open and j
Adams lay dead on his bed fully j
dressed with the exception of his over- j
coat. " Among the correspondence I
found in the room was the following j
note undated: 1
Dear Charlie: I received your note. I am |
alen«. J am scrry I I«-ft the way I had to, but i
I will not go back to that hon.«<? strain. I
have done nothing wrong yet. Meet me at
the Rockaway to-morrow at 11 a. ra. Answer. I
ilAUD. !•
W. J. Adams of 50 8 California street j
is a brother and Colonel W. R. Smed- J
bf rg is an uncle of the decedent. A i
sister, Agnes Adams, lives in New. I
York city. The suicide was 54 years I
: old. ' i
OFFICIAL SHORT I>* HIS
ACCOUNTS ENDS LIFE
Many other, topics have .been sug
gested for discussion, and invitations
have been T sent i to : skilled men . In the
many lines of mining to contribute pa
pers.'. . These cover,; practical methods,
and, collectively, will make up a * great
body , of valuable, practical information.
"John < Hays ¦ Hammond, Fred " Merrill,
W. J. ; Sherwood, T. A. ". Richards, F. : F.
Thomas; v Herbert Lang, Alfred ;von der
At the annual convention of the Cali- 1
fornia Miners' Association in 1903 the j
anti-debris men met on the floor of the"
convention with the members of the ¦
association, and a somewhat spirited :
episode was the result. Since then t
the California gold-dredger miners !
have made up a report relative to j
operations in the dredger' fields in thi?
river bottoms. Within the last month |
threats have been made by the anti- •
debris men to enjolp the ODerations of i
certain mines. Altogether the time is ¦
ripe for a systematic study of all the
problems relating to erosion and to j
mining debris, and great interest id
sure to center In the discussion for |
which the California miners have ar- i
ranged. '
The executive committee of the Min- !
ers' Association has decided to hold !
the annual convention in the white din- j
ing-room of -the Hotel St. Francis on!
December 5. 6, 7. 8 and possibly on the
9th also. Business sessions will take |
place only In the forenoons, the after
noons being reserved for excursions.
Trips will be made to the Selby Smelt
ing Works. thc>Union and Risdon iron
works, using the Union Iron Works'
tug for the purpose; to Mare Island by
steamer Slocum; to the Pacific Steel
and Wire Company's plant, the Cali
fornia Powder Works, and to other
places of interest. Before the assem
bling of the convention a programme
will be sent out and the delegates. will
have a chance to make selections of the
places that they desire to visit.
Mr. Benjamin, secretary of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association, has made
early application to persons who. have
been requested to -prepare papers for
the convention, and has asked them to
get their communications in as soon as
possible, to the end that all may be
: printed in time ', to be distributed in |
i pamphlet , form at the convention, so i
; that the : discussion : resulting may all
! be from an Intelligent point of view.
! Judge E/A. Belcher will prepare a pa
; per on "Mineral Land Laws." Acorn
j mittee is about to report to Congress
concerning such laws, and the topic
is, therefore, of .more than ordinary. In
terest.' Among* the papers to be pre
sented for consideration are the fol
lowing: •?.
' "Tonopah'and Ooldfield Regions." by W.C.
. Ralston : "Gold i Dredging Industry," by :' J. " J.
Hamlyn, president of the. Gold Dredgers'"As
sociation; "High- Explosives,' by Harry East
Miller; "History of Concentration." by George
Johnson; "Age and Strength- of Mining Tim
bers." by-W. H. Storms; "Place and Value of
Small Scale Ore Tests." by Ernest H. Simons; .
"Comparison of Electric and Steam Power In [
Copper Mining Operations," by Lewis T. I
WrightJaMSBHmflfla
Taking advantage of expert opinion
that will be furnished by practical en
gineers, the California Miners' Associa
tion, at the coming annual meeting,
will consider the miplng-debris ques
tion in a large way. The discussion will
undoubtedly begin with the reading of
a paper that has been provided for.
which will have the title of "Natural
Erosion Compared With Mining Opera
tions." This will lead to accurate esti
mates and much light will undoubtedly
be thrown upon a problem that has
caused more discussion than any other
in California.
Engineers to Supply Array
of Figures About Erosion
From Natural Causes
CHARLES O. ADAitS THE UNFROCKED MIJnSTER WHO WAS FOUXD DEAD IN HIS ROOM. A SUICIDE.
AFTER A LIFE OF DISSIPATION" THAT CULMINATED IN THE MURDER OF HIS FRIEND. WHO
SOUGHT TO PROTECT THE DAUGHTER OF THE DRINK CRAZED MAN.
PERSONAL.
San Francisco Prohibitionists will
meet in county convention and con
ference to-day in the Academy of Sci
ences Hall on Market street at 2
o'clock and will hold a big mass meet
ing at S o'clock in the> evening, to be
presided over by State Chairman A.
B. Taynton. The . principal attraction
of the day will be the Riverside cam
paign singers. Mr. and Mrs. Horace
Simmons, who are very popular
among Prohibition workers and who
sing campaign songs. 3_jB
Prohibition Meetings.
Major Parker W. West will leave for
the East Sunday morning. He expects
to return to hi» post about" Decem
ber 12.
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Oct. - 20.— First
Lieutenant H. S. Kiersted, assistant
surgeon, ttas been relieved from duty
at Fort Myer, Va., and ordered to
Fort Snelllng. Minn-, to accompany
the Twenty-first Infantry from that
Post to the Presidio, San Francisco,
and upon the completion of this duty
he will proceed to the Presidio at
Monterey. Cal.,- for duty at that post.
Private Nelson McCracken of Troop
H. Fourth Cavalry, at the Presidio.
San Francisco, is transferred to the
signal corps. He will be sent to Be
nicia Barracks. Cal. Gunner C B.
Babson. when discharged from treat
ment at the naval hospital. Mare Isl
and, Cal.. will go to his home for
three months* sick leave to date from
arrival at home.
R. B. Burns, chief engineer of the
western system of the Santa Fe road,
is up from Los Angeles and staying at
the Palace.
Dr. Oronhyatekha of Toronto, head
cf the Independent Order of Foresters
of America, who has been visiting
Southern California, arrived yesterday
at the Occidental.
C. I* Brown of London registered at
the Lick yesterday.
Colonel J. G. Hamilton of Duram,
Miss.. Is at the Palace.
Sheldon Borden and wife o£ Los An
geles are at the St. Francis.
Attornej Frank llattlson and wife
of Santa Cruz are at the Grand.
Dr. J. W. Robertson and wife of
Livermore are at the St. Francis.
L. A. Blasingame. a well-known
horseman of Fresno, is at the Grand.
Frederick Lyon. a prominent resi
dent of Salt Lake City, ls at the St.
Francis.
T. W. Heintzelman, who is connected
with the Southern Pacific Company at
Sacramento, is at the Grand.
T. Tosi of Milan, Italy,- who has
t#*n visiting the St. Louis Exposition
and is now making a tour of the Pa
cific Coast, registered at the Occi
dental.
Ropp, J. E. Kemp Van Ee, A. D. Gas
soway, D. B. Huntley, John Ferguson,
Charles C. Derby, W. W. Waggoner,
E. Painter, George W. KImball, W. F.
Engelbright. Mark B. ,Kerr. John Rosa
Jr.. Charles Uren and Henry P. Stow
have been asked to prepare papers. For
the delegates special rates have been
secured at the Hotel St. Francis.
Included in the topics not previously
mentioned are the following:
Stamp milling of low grade ores, profitable
treatment of mine tailings, use of <iebrl» «tcr
%&e dams prospecting auriferous travels with
drilling machines wire ropeway* for transmit
ting ore, practical metheds of mine tiasbe-rlas.
methods of timberinK and holdinsr swelltai?
ground, practical metheds of miae exainiaaticn.
South African methods compared with Cali
fornia methods, drift mining methods, practi
cal tunnel work, treatment of low grade cop
per ores, raoiern mlilins methods, deep mining'
in the mother lode, experience with hydraurte
travel elevators, treatment of low grade ores
by the cyanide process, "Producer gas" as
fuel for mtnirig operations, compared value of
line dust and zinc shavlng3 la the cyanide
rrocesa. refining cf. California crude oils, mine
haulage, underground surveying.
MINERS SELECT
TIMELY TOPICS
The current of the river is not strong
enough to sweep the cars away, and
they He in a most inextricably con
fused and broken mass thirty feet be
low the bridge. ,
TRUCKEE, Oct. 20.— R. J. Laws, su
perintendent of the Sacramento divi
sion, fell dead, presumably from heart
disease, at Yuba Pass this morning.
His private car was attached to No. 3,
the westbound overland, when the train
crashed into the rear end of freight
train No. 115. The caboose of the freight
train was demolished, several freight
cars were crushed, portions of the
snowshed timbers knocked down
and the head engine of the passenger
was badly injured. Fire broke out al
most instantly, and the flames from
the wreckage speedily caught in the
shed timbers.
Four carload3 of cattle were, burned.
The car doors were opened, but the cat
tle would not escape and slowry burned
to death. None of the passengers was
serio*usly injured, but all were badly
shaken ur. and the confusion and ex
citement was indescribable. Superin
tendent Laws was stricken down al
most immediately after the accident.
The passenger train was backed up to
Cisco, where it is at present, the body
of Superintendent Laws resting in his
private car. . .
The forward portion of the freight
train escaped from the burning sheds,
and fire trains were soon battling with
the flames, but a mile of snowsheds
was consumed.
A snowshed outfit or wrecking train
together with the station at Yuba Pass
and all the telegraph poles and lines
were totally destroyed. Large forces
of (workmen are engaged in clearing
away the burning timbers and laying
new track, but it will be near midnight
before trains can pass.
The passengers that were traveling
in the two coaches that were destroyed
jumped from the train in time to save
their lives, although many of. them
were given a hard shaking up when
the two trains came together and re
ceived slight injuries, such as bumps
and bruises.
It is eaid that none of the baggage
belonging to the tourists was saved and
most of them will arrive in this State
with a scant supply of clothing.
At 2 o'clock this afternoon twenty
freight cars of train No. 218 plunged off
a bridge between Marmol and Calvade
into the Truckee River. It is claimed
that no one was, hurt. The bridge is
seriously .Injured and a wrecking train
and bridge crew ; from" Cisco, after
working at the Yuba Pass wreck all
day, sped through Truckee at 7 o'clock
to-night to try to repair the bridge.
Wreckage Catches^ Fire and
• Flames Destroy Snowsheds,
Trackage ? ValuableI'reiglit
and Four Carloads of Cattle
LOS ANGELES. Oct. .20.— Judge
Wellborn, in the United States Circuit
Court this morning rendered his de
cision in* the fruit routing: case,- deny-*
ing the* application- for .'a stay of exe
cution asked for by the railroad: upon
the former decision of the court, which
decision denied right of the railroads
to arbitrarily route shipments of fruit
at the initial shipping* point. The at
torneys for the railroads gave notice |
of appeal from the latest decision both
to the Circuit , Court of Appeals and
the Ignited States Supreme Court-
Judge Wellborn announced that he
had been unable to file a written opin
ion. A synopsis of his oral opinion
follows: -
The doctrine of comparative hardships should
be applied to the case. To justify the suspen
sion of the decree It must be shown, tlrst,
that Irremediable damage will result to thr
defendants by its enforcement, and, second,
that no such toes will result to the complain
ant, and by this ia meant, not the Interstate
Commerce Commission, but th« general public,
or, more especially, the citrus fruit shippers.
It may be conceded that the defendants will
sustain damages by the enforcement of the
decree, for which there is no adequate recom- |
IT!', but the nature and. amount of which is i
not ascertalnable. . ¦ • .f
As against this phase. or the case the prop- [
oslticn arises, will the complainant sustain !
damages by reason of the suspension of the '
decree? In what condition will the suspension
of the decree leave the shippers? -The decree i
restores to them the routing privilege; . the
suspension will take it from th«m and thereby
utterly destroy competition, both as to service
and rates.
As to the value of this privilege it is only
necessary to refer to the testimony of Bisse'.l i
and others. That it is of ere&t value is evt
' denced by the efforts that have been made to
retain it. as shown by this litigation, and the
j statements that have been made that the rall
1 roads expect to transport 25,000 or 30,000 cars
¦ of citrus fruits this year.
Rebates are a violation' of the interstate act
i so flagrant that it is difficult to find language
! sufficiently strong and ' blistering to chaxacter-
I lze it. While the' matter has not been treat
ed directly In ths case at .bar, I am convinced
the Joint tariff Is 'a violation of that act. and
for that reason I cannot entertain favorably
the motion if the obvious I intention was to
! violate some other law than the interstate act.
> It follows from the views expressed that tha
i motion, for a -stay of the decree is denied. The
temporary stays are terminated.
Miliiken at once filed notices of ap- i
peal to the 'Circuit Court of Appeals!
of the; Ninth District. and also to the!
Supreme Court of the United States, !
and asked that the court. In fixing the
bond for costs, also fix the amount to
cover damages, so that It could act as
supersedeas.
"I; will not approve a bond that
would- have the effect of nullifying my
action," said the Judge.
COMPANY PROPERTY
. BADLY DAMAGED
Judge Wellborn Refuses to
Grant Corporation's Plea
to Stay Ruling of the Court
Railroad Official Succumbs to
Heart Disease During Ex
citement Caused* by Colli
sion of Trains at Yuba Pass
EAILROADS LOSE SUIT
Charles G. Adams, Former Clergyman, Dies
by Self=Destructiofl After a Hopeless Life
Unfrocked
Minister,
Who,
WMle
Delirious
Witt
Drink,
Killed
Dentist
Jessup,
Treads
Downward
Patn
in
Old
Age
and
When
Girl,
Whose
Name
Is
Maud,
Tires
ol
Him
He
Becomes
Despondent
Turns
on
Gas
and
Expires.
Fruit Growers Are Victors
in Legal Battle to Deter
mine Eights as Shippers
HIS LIFE
ENDS WHEN
CARS CRASH
CANNOT ROUTE
ARBITRARILY
CLOSES HIS NOTORIOUS CAREER
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. OCTOBER 2i, 1904.
7
FREE — - FREE -FREE
__— _- WITH ¦ - - ¦ •
-SUNDAY CALL
——WANT ADS. "; '¦- ; '-
Your Choice of Two Premiums,
SBBBBSSBi Either i~' TIIWJIjPBp
—LIGHTNING BREAD and—
CAKE KNIFE -—
> - . ' 'or. a
— — NUT SET — —
(Six Nut Picks and , a Crack.)
See Small Ad. Page for Fur-
'" •ther Particulars.
Grand Orchestral Concert This Afternoon
From 2 to 5 o'clock.
Friday Surprise, No. 15
Prices To-Day Only.
gJ/^H No matter what reductions have already
fe^4a been made on merchandise, the prices for
\^J^ these Friday events are lower than ever. We
V*".."fc2 aim to place on sale only the most popular
>fvf ¦ goods and to make each item a genuine sar-
... i . J Eiderdown Dressing Sacqaes
ft ft These dressing sacques are made
m4&* :^fflli \ '¦ M H P* °* ** ne German Eiderdown, nicely
I UUU trimmed, and sell regularly for
iS^y ¦•# rJ Si-oo. This reduction in price has
vt'2' 1 £l4\s k een made for this Friday Surprise Sale.
i* '</y^' There are all colors and sizes, and they will
be found to be surprisingly good garment*. ¦"
Candy Special To3et» Specials
4\ It* Kirk's Vraie Violet Soap— Box of 3 i
/Sfaal . #g jD. cak?s; regular pries 23c; sp#cial
•^^^^ ** ***• to-day IOC
DellCiOUS Cream AlmOndS Castile Soap— Long- bars; regular
_________ price 25c; special to-«iay 15c
BLEACHED MUSLIN. Imperial Tooth Powder— Special to-
6| a yard — We have one hun- cay. a bottle 10c
IP S^sFSE 0 -- 1^? 1^ Good Tooth Bru,h-To-< 1 a 7 ....lOc
4U S de ih7 h weif-kLoU S -K£ STATIONERY.
drael llanufacturlns Co. It ls a Note-Size Tablet — TO sheets; rern-
Muslin made to sell regularly for larly 8c: to-day 4c
10c. but for this Friday Surprise we .
have made It an extraordinary bar- LflCCS
(Only tl.OO worth will be sold to ¦¦ » yard— Point de Paris and'
any one, customer.) k ft Torchon Laces; In a rreat
tjt a^v pdautt I? ctttttvp .11- variety of patterns and la
BLACK GRANITE SUITING. U U many different widths; you
IV ft a y ard — This Is a <»-inch will find these value* unpre-
-/J II A Suiting that has been sold cedented. Each yard is worth So
' _ "1 il I. over our and other counters and 10c
WWW until to-day at 65c a yard.
¦T. FOULARD SILKS. " BlISt «" Bl " OWI1 " C6 ° XK
g% mm a yard— 19-tnch Foulard f r These Women s Collars are
V K ft S llk - "n brown, navy, tan I k ft ?^ de ot Y* 1 }? f utcher
.1 n K and green, brown with |!lli tn , en - . emb .!P Ide I e<3 . **!?
UUU white polka dots on an all- ¦ W U Bulgarian Thread, in Ori-
silk cloth. It is a splendid . „ _. * ntal d / sI ,P s;^ we hav 5
material for waists. dressing about J° 6 " °J lh< L se c o Ila «and
sacques, etc. Actual value, 50c yard. for this Friday's Surprise have
ct-dvct- uatc made this unusually low price.
STREET HATS. They are actually worth 35c each.
1*1 'I f ft Thls ls a complete
XI hfl wS a^ho^nl Women's Drawers
VII VV for the first time. « g\ These Drawers are oz&b
There are neat little L 1 1 rt °* ?ood wearing Moslin
felt shapes. In colors* of brown, ¦¦~1 1 and have a stx-lnch hem-
black, navy, green and champagne. ' WWW stitched flounce. They
All are trimmed with velvet, ribbon. come In both regular and
quills, pompons, etc., in the most at- ixtra sizes and are worth regularly
tractive styles. 75c.
L|| f ALWAYS RELIABLE
All the Shopping Inducements That Have
Made This Store Popular Are Still Here
ADVERTISESrENTS. H
n| True Art (p \
V Is Not Measured by i
1 DOLLARS and CENTS ,
! WE HAVE JEWEL- ]
RY AT LOW PRICES
WHICH IS QUITE !
; AS WELL DESIGN-
ED AS THE MORE !
j COSTLY PIECES :: I
/ Bohm-Bristol Co.
1/ Jewelers asd j
1 1 SEversmhhs
Qj 1C4-1I0. Geary Street V^\
Cervteineri
.^Glove
da.ifx.-ty saTchots
will be honored irv
over* SO stores in
tko United States
Salesroom:
1O9 Orant Ave.
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.
333 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
Send for Catalotues »f Music.
• , A^VERTJSOl^yTS.^^^^^^
v jM- 20c ,*&,.
! i^^^l'' Cvshion Covers W^^M^j
J^MKif.^^ To-day and Saturday, il A^4^
yj££$&ffi\ *' j. They ire rich in coloring and JtrgSg*Er
**3pj»fc. -f—ry/* & e faces and figures are .ex- *'^]^Sr^(
r"lrJx qulsttely-^srarm and life-like ia jjtrr^^ 5' ' I
j^y/ A-Jfk\ k design. A big value for the price. jy*^P- j _Jr
\/ jy^\\V\ '" So -maXL t«l«pliem« nor eUC- \wfju^>^
/^5^^*~""^f X*m«mT»«p **• Tua and thm
rtiij**T^- "***^ ' other rpedals ~mad com* early, i \>^^^"-""*~>vv^
¦ - [vS^^K^^SSsSHP*^-? • it'-- '*"''-'¦ HfiHBTlifl 1 1The staff on which trouble
leans.
Sympathy is food to a starv
ing heart.
Sympathy is two hearts pulling
at one load.
The least the rich may give, the
most the poor can offer.
Sympathy is the cream that*
rises on the milk of human kind
ness.
Sympathy in sorrow's hour is
like the gentle rain to drooping
flowers.
Love's healing balm, spread by
pity's tender hand on sorrow's
hearv-wound.
Perfect forgetfulness of one's
self in true feeling for the un
happiness of others.
Sympathy Is the most powerful
human magnet for attracting and
holding friendship.
Sympathy is the blossom grown
from the costly bulb called per
sonal suffering.
Sympathy is a well' toned In
strument that readily responds to
notes of weal or woe.
. "A heart at leisure from itself,
To soothe and sympathize."
SYMPATHY
Townseml's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
On November 1. 1904. will be advanced
10c per J>. Holiday orders received up to
that data at present price, *
Katherine-^-Do you think raw oysters
are healthy?
Kldder— I never knew one to com
plain. - - V • -
UNCOMPLAINING.
HORSE AND HORSE.
Collier Do-wne — I married- your
daughter and I've never, ceased^ to re
gret it.
'Cutting Hintz-^r sympathize with
vou. mv boy. I married her mother.
As spectacular shows such road
races as the struggle for the Vander
bilt Cup may be. Interesting enough to
bo kept up indefinitely, but as tests of
the. possibilities of the machines used
they are quite unnecessary.— Cleveland
Leader.
Rev. Dr. Thirdly (at the patient's
bedside)— Do you expect to go to hea
ven?, J
The Sick: Man— Sure— but— sh!; sh!
Don't itell my, mother^in^law.^ She "ex
pects to . so ' there, '., too.', :
DIDN'T: WANT HER TO KNOW.
Special information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men bv the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042." ¦¦*'
Finest eyeglasses. 15c to 50c. 79 4th st.
front of Key's Celebrated Oyster House.*
CONCEALED WEAPON— E. R. "W..
Olty. An ordinance of the Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco taya
that "it shall be unlawful for any per
son except a public officer, a traveler
or a person having a permit therefor
from the Board of Police Commission
ers to wear or carry concealed any
pistol, dirk or other dangerous or
deadly weapon." Permission to carry
a -weapon concealed may be obtained
from the Board of Police Commission
ers if there is good reason for carry
ing: such weanon.
'""pHE harried Czar, who reads day by day the tale, of wrecked
I armies and perishing hopes in the Far East, now finds his at
tention sharply divided by the gloomy reports of his home po
lice. From Finland comes the story of a sudden boldness of action
on the part of the secret patriotic societies ; Poland reports the
open defiance of the separatists ; even the downtrodden Jews are
credited with a general of unrest. The thought must
inevitably break in upon the Czar, as it has already struck the minds
of Old World diplomatists: if Russia lose, what then?'
Besides the lost prestige in the. family of nations and the
weight of national shame which must be borne by this autocrat of
all empires, the immediate effects of a defeat would < strike in upon
the very vitals of the Russian state with a force almost impossible
lo estimate. Of the manifold disasters resulting from a decisive
trouncing at the hands of Japan, two would be of immediate effect
and far-reaching influence. Their potency would doubtless shake
Russia to its foundations.
The first of these, and one which seems to be giving premonitorv
warnings of its possible strength even now> would be the blow
struck directly at the integrity of the empire. Russia is the great
est assimilator of all the nations. There are races recently conquered
which arc still in process of governmental digestion! -The Finns,
the Poles, Circassians, Armenians, the peoples. of Central .Asia—
these arc the elements of Russian dominion yet raw arid untJrbken,
whose spirit of nationality is curbed only, not crushed. How would
these peoples receive the abasement of Russian arms, that visible
sign of their subjection? Maybe this question even now finds place
in the councils of Nicholas, . .*. .
IF RUSSIA LOSE.
A smart traveling coat Just imported
Is of changeable green rubberized satin.
It is the long 'circular sack design.
TRAVELING COAT.
COSTA RICAN RAILROAD— Ck X.
H., Oakland. Cal. The Isthmian rail
road, which had been mar* tfttn a
quarter of a century la construction,
was in 1900 within twenty-one miles
of connection from Port Uuion on th«
Atlantic side, with Trt*T«a ©a tt» Quit
of Nlcoya. The line at that time wa*
being built by an Ensusi* syxxdicata.
One hundred and thirty- *ev«a miles
had been constructed, a* far aa A2*.
juela.
Large butterfly motifs are some
thing of an oddity. They are of renais
sance, with a scattering of spangles to
lend iridescence. These motifs come
in all the popular colors — brown,
coque de roche, purple and blue.
Th*e Princess of Wales is an excellent
swimmer, and she intends that her chil
dren shall go through a course of in
struction in swimming and life-saving.
Queen Alexandra and all her daugh
ters, too, are good swimmers— a royal
example which it would be most desir
able for all women, to follow. * .
ROYAL WOMEN SWIMMERS
BUTTERFLY MOTIFS.
LODGE BANQUET— O. I*. City. If
a lodge give a ball and banquet and
it is to be an elaborate affair, a. lady
who attends should remove her hat.
bath in the ballroom and at the ban
quet table. If a lady -wishes to -wear
gloves during the ball she should wtar
light colored kids.
Chefu has been added to our vernac
ular. In the East when anybody re
lates some astounding tale the cry of
'/That's a Chefu!" greets it. As Chefu
has turned out some of the most ter
rific rumors war .was ever blessed with,
it wouldn't be strange if the name of
the enterprising place was thus im
mortalized. So, if you don't care to say
to a man frankly you're a liar, why
just call him a Chefu. He will appre
ciate It Just as well. Besides, it sounds
lees rude.— Kansas City Star.
NEWEST SLANG WORD.
I have read so long In the Book of the
Brave,
I march where the heroes are;
On my breast I feel a scar.
I turn to gaze on the rayless night.
The gloom is cleft by a beacon light.
And behold— the bivouac star!
— Lulu Whedon Mitchell. In the October
Century.
I have read so long in the Book of the
Brave,
Their nags go streaming by,
Sharp comes the sentry's cry:
The shaded light of my study lamp
Seems a low glimmer from some still
camp, '
Where the sleeping soldiers lie.
I have read so long in the Book of ttta
Brave,
I hear the tramp of their feet
In the quiet village street.
I catch the sound of an echoing cheer.
Blown down the night wind, faintly
clear.
And the drum's unfaltering beat.
Many gowns are trimmed with vel
vet bands headed with a little gold
cording. And each band is treated a
little differently from the one above it.
The gold braid is put on straight, or in
swirls, or in scollops, or in a conven
tional Grecian key design. This gives
the gown a handsome appearance.
GLAMOUR.
RUSSIA-JAPAN — Subscriber, Cttyw
The first sea fight during the present
war between Russia and Japan occur
red February 8. 1904.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A woman undergoing treatment for
that most distressing of all ailments,
nervous prostration, has . found help,
among other remedies tried, in the use
of salt water in her daily cold bath,
fehe soaks a rough washcloth in a
strong solution of .sensalt, dries it. and
rubs vigorously with it every morning
till the flesh is in a glow. — Harper's
Bazar.
GOLD BRAID TRIMMING.
A gown of deep bronze pink silk has
a charmingly embroidered petticoat of
cream lace, the embroidery in French
designs, narrow, pale-blue ribbon, ap
plied In festoon effects, Joining clus
ters of chiffon-embroidered flowers in
pinks and blues and delicate French
colors. Lines of the silk are set in
fancifully across the lace petticoat. At
the sides the silk is carried back to the
train in slight panniers, the upper part
in corded tucks. More of these 'cords
finish the top of the sleeves. The lines
of the gown, with the graceful slope of
the train, are charming.
SALT WATER FOR NERVES
CHARMING 3ILK GOWN.
A French chemist recently gave an
interesting"account of the value of su
gar- as a food in certain conditions of
ill health. In some experiments he
carried out he found that by giving
from 1% to 10 ounces per day to ema
ciated people a gain in weight averag
ing 3V& ounces per day was the re
sult, some of the patients even gain
ing over one pound each day. From
his observations Dr. Toulouse found
that the sugar was most beneficial
when given in conjunction with a milk
d:et.
ATTENTION, THIN WOMEN
The heavy canvas yoke is quite a
pretty feature of early fall. It Is
made of cream colored canvas cut in
little scallops around the edge, for it
is an overhanging yoke finished like a
cape collar. The little scallops are
bound with silk, and each is worked
with a little flower. A big scallop of
the canvas hangs over each shoulQer
like an epaulette. This style can be
recommended to any one who is mak
ing over an' old dress or planning a
new one.
CANVAS YOKE.
A SPECIAL committee of the California Water and Forest As
sociation, after careful deliberation and with the counsel of
representatives of the United States Bureau of Forestry, has
reported back outlines for a bill directed to the protection from fire
of California forests. Under the provisions of this measure, which
is to be urged upon the next Legislature for enactment, a State
Forester, appointed by the Governor and serving during good be
havior, is to have supervision over deputy fire wardens constituting
a permanent fire fighting force. The establishment of the depart
ment and its maintenance, as projected by the association's commit
tee, will cost the State not over $30,000 annually.
This protective measure of the California Water and Forest As
sociation is a worthy cause and one well worth thorough exploitation. 1
During the past three months three-quarters of a million acres of
the State's finest timber land have been swept by devastating fires
and thousands of dollars' worth of property licked up in smoke. Be
sides the valuable timber ranges in various sections of the Sierra
and Coast ranges that have suffered from forest fires, the beautiful
trees of the Big Basin, saved from the woodman's ax only, by the
devoted efforts of a society of nature lovers, have been Seared by
the flames, and many of them destroyed. It is time that permanent
provision against the loss of our forests be made.
It is sincerely to be hoped that when the Legislature takes
action upon the suggestion that is to come before it the tenure of
office of the State Forester will be made in accordance with the
recommendation of the association's committee. If we are to have
an efficient official to look after the interests of our forests his office
must not be open to the chances of political patronage and subject
to continual change in its incumbency. A trained man kept per
manently at the head of affairs can pursue a successful policy; one
whose tenure of office is subject to the fluctuations of the political
tide can accomplish very little.
A STATE FORESTRY DEPARTMENT.
which Just escapes the ground, and is
lined with a light-green satin. The
neck is finished with a round yoke,
which has four tabs; this of white
cloth embroidered in various shades of
green and black. The sleeves are of
the circular bag 'variety, with a seam
on top. The wide turn-up cuff is edged
with the embroidered cloth.
Net rivals lace.,
Pallettes remain.
Applique is good.
Needlework prevails.
Chenille is not neglected.
Pale blue Is much liked.
Apricot is a favored color.
Mousseline is one of the leaders.
Pale biscuit tints are almost white.
There are embroidered taffeta
motifs.
Some affect a touch of American
Beauty.
Marabout is a feature both in hats
and shoulder wraps.
Copper and gold spangles appear on
a cinnamon ground.
FOR EVENING.
How can mothers be so blind to the
mental effect of punishment under
either of these conditions?
Think of it for a moment! What is
the effect of a whipping? Can you re
member how you felt under the lash or
the slipper?
Oh, mothers who punish children to
make them sit pleasant before the
camera, look back thirty years! What
would you have felt as a child had you
been punished to "make you look pleas
ant"? Nor is it necessary to go back
to childhood to reason out the effect of
such punishment.
Let us suppose that to-night you are
sleepless and that some one who con
sidered herself privileged should whip
you to make you sleep.
A strange way to quiet even a grown
woman, you would think. Of course the
child sleeps after punishment. He
cries himself weary and from sheer ex
haustion falls to sleep. It is supposed,
however, that the afternoon nap is
given for the good of the child. It is
more injury than good when the de
sire to sleep must be induced by such
heroic method as a whipping.
To face a camera is an ordeal trying
enough to a grown person. How, then,
can a child be blamed for fussing be
fore the machine? asks a writer in the
Pittsburg Press. That some mothers
expect a child to show more patience
and more bravery and less self-con
sciousness than they could show is evi
dent from the following: _
In a studio, before a camera, sat a
three-year-old child: She had not been
angelic; no amount of prejudice toward
the child could make any one think
that. -But when the little one wept, the
mother shook it, boxed it and spanked
it to make it sit up and look pleasant.
Another mother, who was a firm be
liever in the "rest cure." put her five
year-old boy to sleep every afternoon.
Every day he rebelled. Every day he
was spanked emphatically to produce
the desired "sleepy" condition of mind.
Apple Charlotte — Butter a deep pud
ding dish and line with slices of bread
cut an inch thick, soaked a little In
cold water and dotted with bits of
butter- Fill the dish with sliced ap
ples and grate a little nutmeg over the
top. To a three pint dish add one cup
of sugar and one cup of cold water.
Cover the top with slices of bread
soaked and buttered and cover all
tightly. Set in a moderate oven for
three hours. Let stand until nearly
cold, then lay a plate over the bak
ing dish, invert, and lift the dish. The
charlotte should remain firm aad 'will
be an attractive dessert. Serve with
hard sauce.
Hominy Gems. — Beat one cup of cold
heminy until well broken up by using
a fork. Add slowly one cup of milk,
beat all well together. Sift two level
teaspoons of baking powder with one
cup of corn meal and add to the hom
iny; add two level tablespoons of melt
ed butter, one well beaten egg and half
a level teaspoo'n of salt. Beat well and
fill buttered hot gem pans two-thirds
full and bake in a hot oven.
Coffee Ice Cream — Put one-half cup
of finely ground coffee Into a filter cof
fee pot -and pour on one and one- half
cups of boiling water; run through the
filter twice. Cook two cups of susjar
and two cups of boiling water together,
and after it begins to boil cook twenty
minutes. Add the clear coffee and cool;
now add three pints of thin cream, or
thick cream diluted with one-third
milk; treeze and let stand two hours
to ripen.
Baked Onioc3 — Cook onions In boiling
water until tender, changing the water
once. Put into a buttered baking dish
rnd pour on white sauce, using a cup
to half a dozen large onions. Sprinkle
the top with buttered crumbs and
brown in the oven.
PUNISHMENTOFCHILDREN
FOR THE TABLE.
"The nurses told me that the chil
dren found great delight in watching
the butterflies float about from one
bunch of flowers to another."
"As I stood holding a big bunch of
sweet peas a very gorgeous butterfly
came hovering near it. I got so much
pleasure watching him that it sudden
ly flashed into my mind that the sick
children would like to watch him, too.
So I caught him carefully, so as not
to hurt his wings, and went indoors for
a box to put him in. I realized that
a whole ward of children could not
watch one butterfly, so I caught a lot
of them.
Many people have sent flowers from
their summer gardens to the sick in the
hospitals, but perhaps only one person
has had the idea of sending a box of
butterflies along with the flowers- The
woman who had the idea tells enthusi
astically of how it came to her.
"I was gathering flowers for my hos
pital box on a day when my garden
seemed to be filled with butterflies. As
I picked the flowers I often stopped
in my work to watch them.
"Pieces of blotting paper should
be thoroughly saturated with the per
fume and placed among lingerie or
handkerchiefs, so that the free use
of the extract will be unnecessary, and
the effect something much more de
lightful.
' "Another mode of producing a
sweet fragrance about the person Is
what is called a violet sponging. It
may sound extravagant, but as a
matter of fact it is quite economical.
When all the pores have been opened
by a thorough rubbing then comes
the violet sponging. To a basin of
tepid water a generous supply of
\iolet extract is added. A velvet
sponge, dipped into the water, is then
passed quickly over the surface of the
body, and as a result a flowery frag
rance is left behind."
"Perfume of any sort should never
be used profusely. There should be
only a suspicion of the -odor clinging
about the garments, and this is only
obtained by the use of sachets
placed in the closets where gowns
are hung or places where under
clothes are kept. Perfumed flannel,
which can be purchased in pieces to
suit the customer, should be tacked
within dress linings or made up with
the different costumes.
"So many women ask me what is
that indescribably dainty odor which
others of their sex shed around them
nowadays. It's not a positive per
fume, only Just the most refined
sweetness imaginable. It is violet,
simply violet, but violet in every
thing, perfume, sachets, perfumed
flannels for tacking in dress linings,
tooth wash, hair tonics, bath tablets,
everything." says a writer in the,Xew
York Telegram.
This is the recipe given by a drug
gist for the woman who would be not
only as fair as the rose, but radiate an
odor equally as sweet. And in spite of
the fad for stronger and more pow
erful perfumes, he asserts that women
of refinement still use nothing but
violet.
"But perfume alone won't yield this
delightful but evanescent fragrance,"
he continued. "A woman must take
violet for her hygienic text and live
up to it faithfully if she would be
able to create that mysterious and de
lightful atmosphere of rare flowers
about her.
VIOLET JN EVERYTHING.
BUTTERFLIES FOR SICK.
Just now the whole country is hearing the arguments made in
behalf of District Attorney Folk of St. Louis, who is running as a
candidate for Governor of Missouri. As a prosecuting officer in the
courts of Missouri. Mr. Folk has done his duty under circumstances
of difficulty and danger. He has detected, pursued and punished
public wrongdoers, and inen who sought office to enrich themselves
with bribes, paid for selling public power and authority to enemies
of the public interest. In performing tins duty Mr. Folk prosecuted
the Lieutenant Governor of the State, members of the Legislature
and of the City Council of St. Louis. Many whom he pushed to
conviction were members "of .. his own party, and all of its machinery
of threat and persuasion was put in action to induce him to desist.
In some phases of his work he consulted President Roosevelt, and
had his ad\ice and support, though they are of opposite parties.
Honesty has no politics, nor has dishonesty.. They inhere in
the character and personality of men. Xow that Mr. Folk is a can
didate for Governor the argument is well made in his behalf that a
public servant who has dutifully wrought as he has should be re
wsrded by the people, not so much because he deserves it, but to
encourage others in public life to mind their official oath. and do their
duty. It would belittle Mr. Folk to say that he had his eye on the
effect of his course upon his future political preferment, for there
is no indication that such was the case. But now that such pre
ferment may be given him, it becomes a vastly important public
interest that the people give it to him, to encourage fidelity in others.
When this principle is applied to a candidate for a political
office like that of Governor, how much more necessary is its ap
plication to the judicial office. There are certain evils attendant upon
our elective judiciary, but these will disappear when the people, ir
respective of partisanship, make it plain that honorable judges are
as sure of their places during life, or good behavior, as they would
be if appointed to a life, tenure.
If ever four judges have merited that expression of confidence
Murasky, Troutt, Sea well and Kerrigan have. . In the vexatious liti
gation characteristic of this cosmopolitan city they have held the
scales of justice in even adjustment, and have. administered the law
without fear or favor. They have enforced the excellent and worthy
saying of President Roosevelt that no man is above the law and no
man is below it. It is for all, and they have embossed upon the
dockets of their courts that principle of equality before the law that
is vital to the existence of a free society. San Francisco needs and
can have a model local judiciary by applying to selections for the
bench the same policy that brings to Mr. Folk the support of the
State of Missouri. Encourage fidelity in others by recognizing men
who have been faithful.
Some may say it is an officer's duty to do his duty, because it
is his duty, and without expectation or hope of other reward than
the approval of his conscience. That is perfectly true. But what
will be the effect of refusal on the part of the people to recognize
the fact that he has done his duty? It means the progressive dete
rioration of morals in public life, for it puts the faithful and the un
faithful on the same plane.
We are gratified at the awakened appreciation shown by San
Francisco. It is expressed by organized bodies, and is confirmed by
the spirit shown at public meetings and by nearly all of the press
of the city, favoring the re-election of the four judicial officers
whose official course and private characters are above reproach.
Their election ends partisanship in the selection of the judiciary
ond opens a vast and inviting field to the upright members of the
legal profession, who may expect public indorsement without being
compelled to seek it by the arts of the partisan.
IT is -an encouraging sign of corning non-partisanship in the ju
dicisry of this city that the four incumbents of the bench up for
re-election, though nominally belonging to different political par- ¦
lies, arc .supported by voters of ail parties. Judges -Scawell, Troutt, j
Kerrigan'and Murasfcy have been efficiently tried in the judicial office j
nnd found wonhv. !
THE SUPERIOR JUDGES.
Mrs. George Rodman Snreve will en
tertain at bridge in Century Hall on
Tuesday afternoon, November 1.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Josselyn will
Beautiful Del Monte is harboring
these distinguished visitors — Lord Her
bert Vane Tempest of England and
Captain and Mrs. de Clair of the Brit
ish embassy at Washington.
Society will next month welcome the
return of General and Mrs. William
Graham, with their daughter, Misa
Meta Graham, all of whom have been
in the Philippines for some months.
Miss Graham's fiance. Lieutenant
Lewis W. Cass of the Thirteenth Cav
alry, will remain for the present at
Batangas, where he is stationed.
A wedding of unusual beauty took
place last evening at. 6 o'clock In the
bpaclous rooms of the Concordia Club,
where Miss Rose Newman, daughter of
Simon Newman, president of the Con
cordia Club, was united in marriage
to Max Blum. For this occasion all
available space was utilized, the club
having "been" transformed , Into a
prove of trees and flowers. The bride's
attendants were Hiss Minnie Newman,
maid of honor, and Miss May New
man, bridesmaid. Dr. Sanford Blum
served his brother as best man. 1 The
bridal party passed up the broad stair
way to the parlors, which were lavish
ly trimmed in garlands of white cos
mos, while Immense bunches of white
chrysanthemums and bamboo adorned
the corners and doorway between the
rooms. Here the ceremony took place
in the presence of 150 guests. Dr. Jacob
Voorsanger officiating. The bride was
gowned in exquisite white satin chif
fon cloth, her bridesmaids wearing
soft white silk with touches cf pink.
Following the rites, the bridal party
and guests repaired to the dining hall
on the third floor, passing continually
through bowers of foliage and flowers,
to a destination of no less floral lux
uriance. Tables gleaming with can
delabra also bore decorations of many
hued flowers. The walls were nearly-
Invisible under their loads of ever
greens, consisting of wild vines and
great branches of manzanita. The joy
ousness of a festival abounded, and no
brighter scene has been witnessed
among the nuptial events this season.
Mrs. Kate Bulkeley of Oakland has
been a guest at "Tamalpais," Mrs. A.
E. Kent's beautiful Marin County
home. Mrs. Bulkeley is one of Oak
land's prominent clubwomen, having
been president of the Ebell Society
when that club did such splendid work
in connection with the handsome new
public library of Oakland.
Mr. and Mrs. David Kellar Minor
have bought a home in Oakland, where
they will reside a part of the year.
Mr. and Mrs. Allen Chickeringr have
gone to Oakland to spend the winter.
The yt. H. Chickerings are there, too.
having just arrived from Los Gatos,
their summer home.
• i: •%>;•
Mr. and Mrs. James Follis are speed
ing on to the exposition, while Clar
ence Follis is planning a flight of
Sweater distance, leaving shortly for
Europe.
A wedding of interest across the sea
will take pla* e early next month. Mlsa
Alice Mack vjill wed James Gerstley of
London, the *narriage to be solemnized
in the Lillenjhal home, whieh Mr. and
Mrs. Mack have taken for the winter.
A rose-hued; affair, too. for all sur
roundings wHl be pink— flowers, lights
and bridesmaids* gowns. In the bridal
train will be these maids: Mi39 Edith
Mack. Miss Irene Mack, Miss Olga Le
benbaum, Misa Florence Gugenhelm.
Miss Vera Coleman, Miss Emma Bl»
singer. Miss May Lillenthal.
Mrs. J, D. Spreckels. Miss Lillle
Spreckels, Mrs. Samuel Blair and Mrs.
Anson Hotaling are on their way home
from Europe.
To-morrow, at noon, the wedding of
Miss Charlotte Russell and Clement
Tobin will take place at the home of
the bride's mother. Mrs. Eugene de
Sabla, 1916 Octavla street
• •
"Mr. and Mrs. Mortimer Fleishhack-r
are at Del Monte. Golfing and boating
are splendid now. and the weather per
fect. It is an ideal spot for the honey-
formally present to society their
daughter, Marjorie. at a large tea on
the afternoon of November 5.
A CABI N ET SUGGESTION .
BY SALLY SHf RP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL!
_¦_____ ;_ ¦'¦•-¦'-•¦; I—'——- I
IOHN p. SPRECKELS. Proprietor j
ADDUr.SS ALL, COMMCNICAT1OXS TO . -V. ,' '.
JOHN" M.\Al"GHT „• Manager
rCBUCATIOX OS7ICE, .THlf.D AND MARKET STRESTTS. SAN FRANCISCO
FRIDAY I OCTOBER 21, 1904 j
THE SMART SET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, / FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1904.
8
COPYRIGHT, 1901, BY SPATIAL. ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL. IA remedy especially designed for the
treatment of • ail ; kidney, liver. ' stomach
and bowel troubles is Lash's Bitter*, • ..
Michael Miller, a barber, living at
1659 Fifteenth avenue south, last night
brought a girl baby, 2 years old, to
Secretary 'White of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to • Children.
Miller said a woman had called at his
home in the afternoon, leaving the
child and slipping away unobserved.
"White will take the little one before
Judge : Murasky in the Juvenile Court
and try to find a home for her.
Woman Deserts Child.
A delightful reception was tendered
the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Hough last
night at the California-street Metho
dist Episcopal Church. The occasion
¦was the welcoming of Mr.. Hough as
pastor, of the church. .Among the
clergymen present were Dr. Matthew,
presiding elder; Dr. F. D, Bovard, Dr.
George W. White, Rev. A. C. Bane,
Dr. Francis Lar kin. Rev. E. D. Raley
and Dr. Heacock. ;-: During ithe even
ing there was a. musical and literary
programme, in which Milton Homer.
Fred Lear, G. Irving, Miss E. Rodder,
Miss Edna Horn and Miss Annie Lear
took prominent parts. : -
."Welcome New Pastor.
On Eonfiay. October 23, the Southern Pacific
wtU make several change* in the time cf trains.
Reno passenger. Nue. lt-13. win be reMxrmeO,
leaving San Francisco 7 p. m.; returning- «.r
rlv» 7:50 a. rs. TraJia Ncs. 50-43, between Saa
Francisco and Fresno, carrying day coaches
and rtrsdartl sleeper, will leave San Francisco
3:30 p. m.. Instead of 8: OS p. m. Trains Nos.
2S-81 will not extend service to Lo£l. as for
merly, tat will run only betw«-en San Francisco
and Etockton via Nllee. leaving San Francinco
4 r- c • .
Change* in Train Time.
The writs of attachment were
served yesterday by the Sheriff's dep
uties on Miles T. Baird at the instance
of George Golder. who has sued the
former for $8421. The writs were al
fo in the nature of garnishments on
etock belonging to the Baird Estate
Company alleged to be in the hands of
Mrs. Marie V. Baldwin, secretary of
the company, at 2513 Pacific avenue,
and of David J. Baird, vice president
of the concern at the Hotel St. Regis,
at Ellis and Hyde streets.
Attachments for -Miles Baird.
Grand Treasurer Dead.
Frank J. Horn, grand treasurer of
the Improved Order of Red Men and
a member of several other fraternal
orders, died at his home in this city
yesterday. Deceased leaves a widow
and four children, Joseph F., William
and Elsie Horn and Mrs. Mary L.
Becker. Frank Horn was a native of
Germany, agred 68. The date and hour
cf the funeral have not yet been an
nounced.
The suit of Hugh Craig against
John Alexander Dowie for the recov
ery of $1762 advanced to the healer
in 1888, which Is now awaiting 1 argu
ment, will probably be reopened to
hear the reading of another lot of let
ters discovered by "Elijah" since the
testimony was closed. An affidavit
was filed by his attorney, R. S. Gray,
yesterday. Betting forth that Dowie
had wired him that he had found, in
an unmarked file, the answer to a let
ter from C K. Cadman, which "has a
bearing on the case, and that order
Important letters had been • found.
Gray desires to present the new evi
dence to the court.
More Dowie Letters.
Flirting in Church.
The San Francisco Newa Letter Indorses Rev.
M. B. Wffiimu, the Methodiat preacher, who
advocates roo-roo eyes, which ia explained in
an article cf acme length.
Tee "bubble face" as a ¦accessor to the bi
cycle face is an Interesting; article by Lady
AlST. and discuses the drawbacks to fast au
tomobUins;.
San Francisco's bond issue is explained from
the ctaodpoint of th« banker and shows why
capital will Invest m certain prescribed bonds
only.
The Election Commissioners axe also called
to account editorially.
An article on a private army for Carnegie
calls attention to a dangerous precedent now
belns; established by the Carnegie Steel Com
pany.
The regular departments are wen written. •
Bicycles Collide. Woman Hurt.
Mrs. E. Daniel and her husband
were ridii^ bicycles in the park last
nig-ht and when opposite Cyclers' Rest
were run Into by two men on a tan
dem machine. Mrs. Daniel was thrown
to the ground, suffered- concussion of
the braMn and was otherwise severely
injured. Her wounds were dressed at
the Park Hospital, after which she was
taken to her hame, 759 Folsom street.
The men on the tandem dashed away
into the darkness of the nig-ht without
stopping to inquire whether any one
had been hurt.
A reception for the benefit of the
Girts* Home, which will open under
the auspices of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society on December 8, will be
given at the residence of Mrs. W. J.
Hemmenway, 1024 McAllister street,
on Saturday evening. An Interesting
programme has been arranged for the
entertainment of the guests, who will
be received by the following ladies:
Mrs. W. J. Hemmenway, Miss I. Hem
menway, Miss C. Walsh, Miss K.
Gaines, Miss H. Rooney, Mlsa M. Lud
low and Miss M. O'Brien.- The pro
ceeds will be devoted to the furnish
ing of the home.
Reception for Girls' Home.
TOtJR PRINTING ON TIME.— Gabriel Print
ing Co. print anything. 419 Sacramento at. •
About sixty feet of track laid across
Second street, between Townsend and
King, by the Southern Pacific Com
pany was torn up yesterday under or
ders from the Board of Public Works.
The track was laid several months
igo ¦without a permit from the Board
of Works, as the charter provides. As
eoon as it was put down it was care
fully covered with earth.
President Schmitz of the board yes
terday ordered Chief Deputy A. J.
Donovan to take a force of eight men
and tear up the rails. Donovan had
Borne dificulty in locating the masked
track, but when it was once discov
ered the shovels and crowbars made
short work of it. The work was done
quietly and there was no protest from
the railroad people.
Laborers Tear Co Buried Southern
Padnc Rails Laid Without Au
thorization Being Given.
Mrs. Grace Calef is a little woman,
but she is a plucky one. A few day3
ago she swore to a complaint charging
her husband, Erwin Calef, a cook,
¦with battery. The warrant was sent
to Oakland to be served upon him.
The Oakland police could not find him
and yesterday morning Mrs. Calef
crossed the bay and was soon face to
face with her husband.
Placing her hand on his shoulder
she said: "I arrest you and I will hand
you over to the first policeman I
meet." Calef looked into the deter
mined face of the little woman and
humbly said: "It's all right; don't
make a scene and I'll go with you."
They crossed the bay together and
Mrs. Calef safely landed her husband
in the City Prison, where he was
booked on the charge of battery.
They have not been living together
for three years. Mrs. Calef has been
forced to support herself and child.
now four years of age. When she
was pleading with him a few days ago
to support the child he slapped her
face and she swore to the warrant for
his arrest on a charge of battery.
Mrs. Grace Calef Compels Her Hus
band to Accompany Her From
Oakland to City Prison.
LTETLE WOMAN ARRESTS
3IAN WHO SLAPPED HER
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS
DESTROYS HIDDEN TRACK
Dr. Langley Porter was appointed
physician in the contagious pavilion of
the County Hospital.
The Board of Health yesterday di
rected the ..Food Department to se
cure samples of flavoring extracts and
essences for the purpose of ascertain
ing whether the same contain wood
alcohoL The Health Officer was di
rected to cause the arrest and prose
cution of all offenders in that'regard.
It was resolved that each of the col
leges represented at the County Hos
pital be invited to make not more
than two annual visits at the twenty
sixth Street Hospital with the senior
classes for clinical study.
The board ordered to be condemned
as unsanitary the premises at 801 to
847 Dupont street, SOI to 809 Wash
ington street, 102 to 150 Waver ley
place, 802 to 812 Clay street and the
cellars and ground floors at 845 and
847 Dupont street and 810 Clay street.
The owners of premises at 951 Six
teenth avenue, 24 and 26 Washington
place and 515% to 523 Pacific street
were given thirty days to put their
property in sanitary condition, and the
occupants of 211 and 213 Tenth street
¦were ordered to vacate the premises in
ten days.
Health Board to Order Arrest of AH
Offenders Who Add Wood Al
cohol to Compounds.
WILL OBTAIN SAMPLES OF
ESSENCES AND EXTRACTS
Wedding Invitations
And all that is exclusive and best in so
cial engraving at Sanborn & Vail's. Social
correspondence papers in exclusive
brands. Fashion's latest approved styles
in calling cards. 741 Market street. •
Telegrams received here last night
report that the committee en route to
Blue Canyon to meet Vice President
Corral of Mexico and his party, who
are due In this city at 12:50 to-day,
was unable to get beyond the Canyon,
but it will meet the distinguished
Mexicans upon their arrival at Blue
Canyon this morning and accompany
President Diaz's representative to this
city. The citizens' reception commit
tee will meet the visitors at the Oak
land mole. Chief of Police Wlttman
yesterday detailed a mounted escort
of police to precede the military and
naval escort from the ferry to the St.
Francis Hotel. Admiral McCalla has
assigned Lieutenant Cronan to act as
an aid to Vice President Corral dur
ing his stay In this city.
Ready to Welcome Corral.
The new store of* the Gildea Com
pany is one of the finest of its kind in
the city. In it is embodied everything
that goes to make up a clothing estab
lishment of the highest order. Nothing
has been left undone to equip the
establishment in the most complete
manner, and the people of San Fran
cisco will find it an ideal store to
shop in.
The firm occupies the entire new
building of four floors and basement.
It is thoroughly lighted and aired, and
every modern convenience known' to
up-to-date builders has been Installed
in this spacious establishment.
The new firm will begin its career to
day with the determination of operat
ing a high-class establishment that
will be second to none in this city.
Though none but the highest grade
goods will be kept in stock, the prices
are to b« moderate — from 2f.-to 40 per
cent lower than prevail in the or
dinary establishments of the city.
All the stock of the new store will b«
manufactured especially for the J. J.
Gildea Company by the best known
and most reliable makers of hlgn
grade goods- in the country. Besides
the regular line of goods carried, the
new firm will be agents for W. S. Peck
<& Co., famous makers of men's cloth
ing, and for Alfred Benjamin and
Northrop & Co., leading manufactur
ers of juvenile clothing in the United
States. The names of these three
firms is enough to convince any man
that when he buys their goods he is
getting the very best that ia put upon
the market in any country*
The first floor of the new building
will be devoted to men's clothing, hats
and furnishing goods. On the second
floor will be found nothing out juvenile
goods. A special line of men's fine
clothing and overcoats will be on dis
play on the third floor. The fourth
floor will be reserved for a fine line of
trunks, dress-suit cases, traveling
bags and everything needed by the
traveler.
The officers of the firm" were highly
elated over the success of opening day.
Everything went along smoothly, and,
although no goods were sold, those
who visited the store had a chance to
view the large and complete stock on
exhibition. Business in the new
house will commence early this morn
ing and a record-breaking day la ex
pected by the officers of the firm.
A fine orchestra under the direction
of Ernest Williams, director of the
League of the Cross Cadets band, ren
dered a varied programme of popular
airs and classical selections. The offi
cers of the new firm — James J. GQdea,
Thomas H. Fallon, D. B. Ferguson and
R. W. Burke — were there to greet
their friends and patrons with a smile
and receive from them well wishes and
hearty congratulations on their suc
cess in opening one of the finest stores
in the city.
Messenger boys were kept busy all
day dodging in and out with telegrams
and messages from all parts of the
country from manufacturers and deal
ers, who sent their rearards to the offi
cers of the new concern. Many hand
some floral pieces and other tokens of
esteem were received by the members
of the firm from a host of friends.
The splendid new clothing and fur
nishing goods store of the J. J. Gildea
Company at 102S-1030 Market street
was thrown open to the public yester
day. The opening was an auspicious one.
and all day long and fax Into the night
the spacious store was thronged with
visitor?, who examined the splendid
assortment of goods in the store and
wished the new firm luck in its mam
moth undertaking.
The J. J. Gildea Company Formally
Dedicate Their Spacious Mar
ket Street Establishment.
Amelia Gardner, who demonstrated
her dramatic and artistic ability dur
ing the engagement of the Oliver Mo
rosco Company at the California The
ater last May and June, will make her
reappearance here next Monday even
ing at the Majestic Theater in "When
We Were Twenty-One." With Miss
Gardner will appear all the other fa
vorites in the original Morosco com
pany, including Howard Gould, Harry
Mestayer, Frank MacVicars, George
Woodward and Elsie Esmond, who, to
gether with J. H. Gilmour, Henry
Stockbridge, John D. O'Hara, Joseph
Callahan, Eleanor Gordon, Margaret
Maclyn and little Linda Arvidson of
the present stock organization of the
house, will form the Majestic Theater
company of the future, which begins
its reign with next Monday evening.
FIXE MT\V CLOTHING STORE
THROWN OPEN TO PATRONS
POPULAR ACTRESS WHO WILL
APPEAR HERE IN "WHEN WE
WERE TWENTY-ONE."
Miss Lillie Reis. whose engagement
to William Huie was recently an
nounced, was the guest of honor at a
luncheon given yesterday by Mrs.
James Hamilton Morton, 372S Jackson
street. Those present were Miss Drown,
Miss Palmer, Miss Price, Miss Sabin.
Miss Brickell, Miss Hawes, Miss
Foulkes, Miss May Reis, Mrs. Joseph
M. Masten. Mrs. Redmond Wellington
Payne, Mrs. J. Mora Moss, Mrs. Julian
Sonntag.
• • •
San Francisco is awakening. If you
don't believe it, read this: '^an Fran
cisco is to have a Musical Art Society
on the same plan as the one in New
York, which gives artists' recitals at
the Waldorf-Astoria. The concerts
here will be given in the white and gold
banquet hall of the St. Francis HoteL"
Now, doesn't that sound good?
As the seating capacity of the hall is
limited, but four hundred memberships
will be sold. The artists engaged for
the first series are lime. Gadaki, Mr.
and Mrs. Arnold Dolmetsch and Miss
Kathline Salmon, who play on the old
instruments, such as the harpsichord,
virginal, lute, viola d'amour, viola de
gamba, etc. De Pachmann, the great
est of Chopin interpreters; Fritz iCreis
ler, the greatest of the classic violin
ists; David Bispham, the baritone, and
the famous Kneisel Quartet of Boston
will be among the artists. These are
among the greatest musical attractions
in the world and the list will certainly
be filled in very short order. The con
certs are under the direction of Will L.
Greenbaum. Applications for member
ship should be sent to him at the St.
Francis HoteL The concerts will be
given between December 25 and May 15
and will begin at 9 o'clock in the even
ing.
And thus is San Francisco evolving
from her coon-song era and Her provin
cialism, for the musical tastes of a
community are a fair index of its pro
gressiveness.
MUSICAL ART
SOCIETY IS TO
BE ORGANIZED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. •¦ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21. 1904.
CLEVER AMELIA
GARDNER JOINS
MAJESTIC STARS
9
AD\-CTrTlSE3IEyTS.
CASTOR! A
Fez Infants sjid* Children.
rhe Kind You Hare Always Bought
¦Bsaatere of C/ut^/ffTa^cAiM
AAfCSESIEXTS.
COLUMBIANS
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK
Nightly. Including Sundays. Matln«e Saturday.
Tee Isamense Musical Comedy Hit.
SAN TOY
WITH
JAMES T. POWERS
"Irresistible." — Examiner.
"Daintiest of musical plecas."— CaronicI*.
"A bunch of fun." — Cail.
- "The kind of thing- that goea." — Bulletin.
*"A delightful performance." — Post.
Watch for "GLnTERCfG GLORIA."
ALHAMBRA.
Up to and Including Sunday Night.
MATTNEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SOUSAs.
Estella LJebllsg. soprano; Jessie Straus. Tlo-
Uniste; Herbert L. Clarke, cornetlat.
Prices — Evenings. $1 60 to 50c
Matine*« — $1 to 50c.
Note — Box offices at theater and Sherman,
Clay A Co-'a.
Exiiifarating Vaudeville 1
Te chow'i Cats; Sinon and Paris; Joseph-
ine De Wirl; Lewis McCord and Com-
pany, and Orpheam Motion Pictures,
Sho-wtaar "Roundinsr Up tn« Tesmoan."
Last times of Hlckey and Kelson; "A
Viffht In Venice"; Murphy and WlHard
and Xolins M. Tannen.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c, 23c and 50c.
CRANE) SS5§g
AN IMMENSE HIT!
THIS WEEK AND NEXT
Matin ees To-Mcrrow and Sunday*
AMERICAS GREATEST PLAT.
ARIZONA
By Augustus Thomas
ORIGINAL PRODUCTION
SPLENDID CAST
DETACHMENT OF CAVALRY.
POPULAR PRICES
Crmlng- — Jane Corcoran In Pretty P»tgy.
ALCAZAR^SSf
General Manager.
"The Greatest Stock Company Svex at
the Alcazar."
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First San Francisco Production of Cl7de.
Fitch's Daring and Realistic Play.
The Way of the World,
The Autcmobile Seen*! The Society ilusl-
cale! The Chr'^ttning! Election "Night la
Madiscn Square! .
Eves. Z3c to T3c; Mats. Sat. aad San.. 25c to Me
NEXT MOX.-H. V. Esmond's Beat Comedy.
¦ ¦ . . .THE W ILDEHKESS-— —
As Played fcy Miller aad An; Us.
5 pj pr e^sj *\ j?-« fijk fl m aver
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phone South 533
TO- NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
caAKPioxr or ths v«osz>o
JAMES J. JEFFRIES
Supported by the Central Theater Stock Com-
pany in. Frank Mayo's Frontier Flay.
"DAVY CROCKETT"
QjCf- T2B35 BOCSD'OyBOXI.fSBrrWB^
OLL j 3ises j. Jeffries aad ice Ksnnsdy
• Artar Last Act.
I PRICES— Erenin*s ...IOc to 3Oc
1 Matlsees 10c. 15c 23c. 33c
tVtraUr -J4 — PAUL." KAUVAK."
M ISC ELLAXEO fb
BASEBALL.
OAilLA D vs. TACOM-
at RETHEATIOX PARK.
Eigrhrh and Harr-sea streeta.
WEDNESDAY. THUP.SOAV FRIDAY. 3:13
P. 1L
SATURD.4Y. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:«J P. M.
j LADrES FREE THURSDAY AND FRIDAT.
I Advance sale of seats at a Stockton street.
_j AMUSEMENTS.
'^&&££££&
La«: Acs«araaca of
THS GEXaCJJT COXESZAJTS
Aad L**t Tbaes of
101 THE LINE"
By Howard Jaeot.
A Peerleta BurlcaqQ* Admtra&ty SuBf sai
GORGEOCSLY MOUNTEX*.
EiKbtccn Actual Novel tiea.
JfU&ta 23c. tOo. r*»
Saturday and Sunday Matlaaes .23c SOo
Children at Hatlnaea 10c and 29«
HATxarEi: to-3kosju>w
HOTTS
A TEXAS STEER
Absolutely tH« Best Cast Sine* t&*
Original Production.
WILL H. BRAT !a his ori«tca] roi*
ef the Darkey PoIiticUn. HARRT 3.
E11ERT u Brasder. MAT L. STOCK-
TON aa "Boasy." Aad twenty otien.
laclndtsf the fazsooa
TEXAS STKKR QUARTET.
NEXT STTNDAT — Th» pooolar Qre»
m*n Comedian*, MASON and MASON.
as the Bunclar and the Detect!?* la
Mark Swan's Iateat nmsical tun*.
fritz and syrrz.
Awems
H. W. BISHOP Less** aad Mtmttgm
LAST WEEK OS*
A JAPANESE N16BTIN6AIE
MATTNEE SATCKDAT.
Next Monday NUht Oliver Monaco OSars O*
World's Greatest Stock Company ta
j W«E!^ WE WERE TWENTY-ONE
First T!m« at 2Se to 73c
Extraordinary Cast: HOWARD GOCXD.
' AMELIA GARDNER. ELSIE ESMOSTX HAJU
1 RT MESTAYER. FRANK MACVICAR3.
GEORGE WOODWARD aad tia Bast o£ UM
Majestic Company.
Exorcro wxzac
MATINEE TO-MORROW
Ias*a«Rs* gaccesa of Us* First Production
Is Er.g'.tsh of tit* Faaoas Cbmla Opacm
I RASfELBllER I
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
SA2TE PRICES 23c. 8*o. T3r»
Watch for "THE MESSENGER BOV
TED E BOX,
And a Splsxdld Show Xrazy AJUcrmm
aad Zrolsr la til* TJxaattr.
TAKE A RIDE OS THJE
xmATDSS SLSCTBXO B*TT.mO*B»
SEVEN BABT LI0N3 IS THS ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony OrolMSfilufc
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN S ATCRPAT - KIQHT,
ADMISSION 10c I CHTTJWCy«......Jt)
•VThea Pnooing Aak for 'The Chats*.**
M1SCELLAXEOCS AyiUSESLESTSL^
Mrs. W. P. BuGKiHBHAii
In Costume Reading
"MACBETH"
Lyric Hal!. 119 Eddy Street
TUESDAT EV*O.. Oct. 23* Sat. UxL Oct. VL
tickets" $Loa
SEATS READY MONDAY
At Stxrman. Clay A Co.*m
T> r> TT t? IJ I? C rCTR BARBEKa. a*- *
OKU O »««. bootMartra. bati-
hooaes. blUJart .takte%
ttttim. bookbinders, car.dy makers, cantos,
dvrrs. £aax mtiU. fonadrlea Uandrtea. pa>«r-
hanser*. printers. pa!ater^ aaoe fictttie^
&:ablem«n tar- roofers, tansers. taOoca. urn.
BUCKASAjr B3O&, " - - :
Erosi naaalactarm, 609 3*«x*m«io M,
AJ)VElITIS£3OEyTS.
K^9E«fl0B^^BBsi^ r*?!* s* Efc^?Kl^^ r siiLR*'^IJVvy^"3QDBiiB^BCfc^
Mr-* " - ¦¦ ' " ' "^ \ **¦-"»!-% f j^\&' _jt * *»v tHKB Vtk/^BP??B
¦ Miss Rose Henhessy, well known asl
a poetess and elocutionist, of Lexington,
Ky., tells how she was cured of uterine
inflammation and ovaritis by the use of
Lydia R Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
** Dxab Mas. PraxHXir : — I hare been so blessedly helped through the usa
«f Lydia EL. Pizikiiam's Vegetable Compound that I feel it but just to
acknowledge it. hoping- that it may help some other woman suffering 1 as I did.
" For years I enjoyed the best of health and thought that I would always
do ao. I attended parties and receptions thinly clad, and would be suddenly
chilled, but I did not think cf the result*. I caug-ht a bad cold eighteen
months ago while menstruating-, and this caused inflammation of the womb
aad congested ovaries. I suffered excruciating- pains and kept getting- worse.
My attention was called to your "Vegetable Compound and the wonderful
ecres it had performed, and I made up my mind to trv it for two months and
aee what it would do for me. Within one month 1 felt much better, and
at the close of the Becond I was entirely welL
*' I hare advised a number of my lady friends to use it, and all express
themselves as well satisfied with the results as I was." — Miss Bosk Nora
HisrxKssT. 410 S. Broadway, Lexington. Ky.
The experience and testimony of some of the most noted
women of America go to prove beyond a question that Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will correct all snch trouble and
at once, by removing- the cause, and restoring: the organs to a
normal and healthy condition.
~ "Drab Mns> Pikkham : — About two years ago I consulted a phy-
sician about my health which had become so "wretched that I was no
longer able to be about. I had severe backache, bearing-down pains,
pains across the abdomen, was very nervous and irritable, and this
trouble grew -worse each mnnth, The physician prescribed for me, but
I soon discovered that he was unable to help me, and I then decided to
try Lydia E. Pinkham'g Vegetable Compound* and soon found that
it was doing- me good. My appetite was returning, the pains disappearr-
ing, and the general benefits were well marked.
" You cannot realize how pleased I was, and after taking the medi-
cine for only three months, I found that I was completely cured of my
trouble, and have been well and hearty ever since, and no more fear the
monthly period, as it now passes without pain to me. Yours very truly,
Mtss Pf.hri. AcKzas, 327 Summer fet, Nashville, Term."
When a medicine has been successful in restoring* to health
more than a million women, you cannot well say without trying it
** I do not believe it will help me." If you are ilL do not hesitate
to get a bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and
write Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., for special advice. Her ad*
vice is free and helpful. Write to-day. Delay may be fatal.
ApAAA FO R FEIT w * eanaot forthwith prodtee the original letUn aad ligaatares of
VHIIIIll •&>?« testtaestals, whlca will prore t&eir Absolute genolo#neas.
OtlUUU Lydia H JPlakham Mti. O*. Ipnui, Mms.
¦_ , _ A jRY^^55 l P II:? r i ! s r . __
iBl Ftpp^ FrBfi^ Frfifi^ $ &Sl
Wggm TALK OF THE TOWN! f^^L Wml
Our Extra Special Sales for Saturday and Monday l§Bi^)f? vsflm
O.E PAIR n A .-7"! T" r , r f jLj%M A* OSE PAIR
free 2 Days Only! Free! Free! Free! l^&\ ™i
TO EVERY A pair of any m3kc of S5 00 shoes you flffiM&&%giM T0
CUSTOMER want--Ladles' or Gents'— with one of /^^^ ?/^^^^^ CthTGMB
our Suits or Overcoats made to order. ///r/~BERiC
. . No More No Less ln||§§||m
Remember. tne«e «rood« taat sro on sale for
two days only are all NEW A3TD UP-TO-DATE TT1 1 V ' '
Scotch Tweeds. Black Worsteds, PlalaJied or TJn2n- \ *f ' jrrjSV^ Wfj^mf^P^V
ished Crepe*. Broadcloths cr any kind of cloth is . /ZgPift^nflptVLJ'TT^&y
8 black or blue and ten different shades of the latest / 'jy!*\*p n^&&jfe£$fc\
No More OO No Less ' |^^^^^^
Sow for Ptill Dress Silts. Tuxedo Suits. Double- 'All f, y*S^2B^P\\ '
Breasted Sack Suits, Z.'iree-Button Frocks or an7 ' 1? f / j-fl Ljgj* TTT\_UyH fTl
KJ other kiad of a Coat you want. Any of these we will Ef 1 1 it FL i J \ yTT^Z Wl
A» silk liae for you free of charsre during this sal* only. Z-££tB£^ r i_> }_ J^ i^Ba
jfe^f Uk Iiasrt Saturday and Monday, durln.? our Extra V-- '\ s fSJN Bk.
VgK Special Sale, we grave away over 9OO Extra Pairs of eL-rCd-rtfft JEsSS frafek.
cVtl^'^^i Pants free of charge. We have orders on hand on. HUfiyu w • AuffiRfr IHHi
TssMgf iflffft iome of the best shoe dealers in San Francisco for u3c%S>#jk / SmVSk
T&&-'La1?§1 their S5 Shoes to srive away to our customers during uU^OC n9 "^ftjtfjfwta
TjJigS&jgl our Special Sale. Saturday and Monday. October 22 \SS^SI 4f XlU^
/y%p^£^*S$yi Two OOrtTO'l ni Sin Till fl O O \^uT tf *^*^
WjJK^^m Both Stores Open "Until 10 P. M. Saturdays. *^iig"**^^^^ l^^^lwf
CTB^^^W WE EXPECT TO GIVE A WAT 2000 PAXSS OF "*^" vtStSfJlf
>flK^@y SHOES HXTBLXStQ TBS WEEX. XvlS^f
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE HOUSE
CUR T A Z
merits your atten-
tions when about
to buy a piano. Its
reputation for in-,
tegrity and reliabil-
ity is only equaled
by the fame of the
instruments it
represents . ' Such
pianos as tire
Ctiickering.- Vose,-
Sterling and Cur-
taz can/. be secured
on easy terms by
bur methixfs. . ; r
Musical. Instruments of
'? All Kinds.
¦ ¦ .¦ . ¦ - - . ¦
. ¦ _ . .
Bcnj^Gvrtaz * Son »
16 CTFarrcU SL, S. F.
Sheet Music at Popular Prices?
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
Perrin
Gloves
C The perfect fit and
workmanship . of Per-
rin gloves makes them
wear so well that they
are cheap at any price,
but our price is no
higher than others.
Sole depot for
Woman's aad Children's Glovea at
R. D. DAVIS & COMPANY,
Geary Str*et and Grant Avenue.
Men's Perrin Glovea at all Stores J
.and Printings.
Notwithstanding my low prices on
this work I do high-class Developing
and Printing and am the leader in
this class of work on the Coast.
D ETTEI.O FX2T O :
Roll of 6..... 10c I Roll of 12 15c
FSISTUTG:
Solio finish. ..3c-5c ! Velox finish .3c-6c
USE DATUQEX LO XXHTSG TTUAS
— I carry them In all popular sizes.
Popular prices.
A2TSCO CAMERAS — Are always de-
pendable. None better on the market.
S2.OO up.
CTZO PHOTO FAFSB — Insures
beautiful detail and perfect effects.
Cameras repaired at moderate
prices.
Try a Conklln Self-Filling Fountain
Pen. No dirty fingers. Docs not leak
nor sweat. 93.OO up.
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1003 MABSET ST3EET. Opu. Fifth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
PiiiqrA DON'T FAIL TO!
TalatW 8W the beautiful!
j COURT Lounging!
flflfl room, the EMPIRE !
UUU parlor, tke
n J PALMROOM; ths
Ufa flfl LOUIS XV PAR.
U1 auu LOR. and the LA-
n i.^1^ DIES' WRITING
I Hotels room.
\M. T HESS.
STotary Public and At:or^t7-a:-I.a"=r
Testa Floor. Koam lulS. i~U^i*'apra-~r-. *.«ljt.
Telephone M. -iln " US.:.
¦ Residence. 1802 Mc.tllUwr »t- '
, . Resldenc* Telepooo* Has* ZtUl ,
£B± I in I ff\, Ammusltlon. Huntins and
ill SftifL" Sporting Gcoda. . Larger
I b 1 I B»l nock. Low*;* prices. Heni
¦ ¦¦llllffl for catalogue.
%J W 1 m SHEEVE & BARBER CO..
/^ -^ 73d Market *l and 821
Keamjr«uA man . who is a success ; as ' a visitor
is a. Sissy-man.
Redeems Himself by Good Pitching
. -'and ; a" Three-Bagger. .' •
¦ PORTLAND, Or.,? Oct. 20.— Whalen
got walloped to-day, while Jake Thiel
man plastered a 7 . to 2 ¦ game all over
the visitors an 1 redeemed ' himself.
Two hits in a cluster were made?off
him in the' third, however, and it. one
run resulted. , In ; the fifth the ¦ Seals
got one more on account i: of ;two^ er
rors I by . Runkle. .-Thielman = let .him
self * out for a" three-base* hit 1 between,
left and center ' field in the sixth 'and
THIEIi3IAX IX FAVOR AGAIX.
STANFORD ¦UNIVERSITY. Oct. '20.
Arrangements have been . completed
for " at Dost i season •' game for _ the i Stan
ford Varsity, to - be • played with the
University 'of -; Colorado in Denver on
Thanksgiving - day. -The ¦ UnlversitFiof
Colorado ' possesses one" of • the \ strong
est teams in 'the Rockies. -Already, this
season it has defeated Nebraska 6: to 0.
.-,:¦ Thel Stanford .Varsity - will ; meet-Ne
vada "University. ; on the campus? field
Saturday? afternoon for the annual
gridiron contest with the husky"sage
brushers."^* _--..,.
Cardinal Men to Play in Denver.
Only five players will participate.
The drawing which was held last night
resulted as follows:
" ' : Miss Sarita ' Van Vliet vs. Miss B.
Cully, Miss H. Levison vs. Miss A:
Greenberg, Miss Grace Saley a bye.
v The • finals ;of the handicap singles'
tournament commenced last- Saturday
will also be' played to-morrow. ? In lit
Miss 'Van Vliet and Miss Vodden will
meet on even- terms.'lSHlafiK! .
The ladies: of the third class of the
Golden Gate Club will play for
the; three-time; cup to-morrow. The
trophy' has been competed for twice
and was won :first' by -Miss M: Trav
enar. Miss Sarita Van Vllet won the
class easily last time. She will again
be allowed to compete In this class,
but will . be called upon to give the
other 'contestants 'odds of "30." Miss
Van Vliet is as strong as any player in
the second clais.but as she holds the
third class cup she will again play in
that class. MHHHBi
I ,adics in. Park' Tennis Matches.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Ocrda 110.' Sid Silver '110. . Cad Hazel no.
Tancent 10S. Bob Curt lC5.,Thisbe 103, Apple
Sweet 105. One More -105. Marchioness 105,
Maverick 1C5, Jak« Ward ICO, St. Daniel 88/ '
Sixth race, one and three-eighths miles, sell
ing— 1'at's Choice 110. Pathos 108, Barca 105,
Compasn.'- 102,-.' Murmurs 102." -'•* Illuminate' 102.
Golden . L4*bt ' 102. Hucena 102. Miss ' Eon 102,
Bciml 102. Secundus 87, Jollier V
Third race.' six furlongs, selling — Mttlakatla
105. Wager 105/ Caelana 10.V William F II 100
Vouch 100. Fugurtha 100, Happy Jack 100. Dr
Stes'cker 100, June Collins 100. Fltzbrillar 100
Zulma 95. Laura Belle 95.
* Fourth race, one mile, selling— Ivernia' 114.
First Chip 112. Pierce J 112,-. Tribes 109,. Aules
100, Flyer 109, King's Charm 108. Triple Silver
100, Cashier S7, Liddon 87. Passive 79, Algetha
Second race. fiv< furlongs, selling: — Only
Jlmmie 108. Lady Greenwood 105, McJetta 105,
Preventatlve 103, Sand Bath 'V Wakeful 100,
Edith Vice 100. A Lady Fair 100. Bannock
Belle OS.- Betty Gold 95, Clara Dee 95.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 20.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar track
follow:
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
St. Winltrede •' 105.'. Jennie Hughes. 105, Bird
Pond 100. Gabrll 100. Skyfiyer 100, Dusky
Secret 100, Lady Churchill 95. Lady Stone- 85,
Maid of the Order 85, Flagstaff 93, Oria 90,
Forneila 90.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
the rest of, the game, was a procession.
Score: • ' -
San Francisco — i Portland —
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB. R.H.P.A.
Hildeb.lf 4 2 1 2 0 Drenen.cf 3 • 2 2 ¦¦ ?, 0 |
Meany.rf :i 0 0' 0 • '.JMcCre. If 4 ' 0 1 0 0
Irwln, 3b'3 0 O-2 2|Hollnd,rf 3 0 0 2 0|
A'an B.lb 4 0 2 11 l|Beck, 3b 3 0 1 . 1 .2
Waldn.cf 4 0 "0 1 ODavis.lb ¦ 4 0 0 12 1 \
'Andsn,2b 4 0 0 1 3|Runkle.ss 4 2 1.0 2
Gchnr.ss 4 O- 0 2 . 2lSpencr.2b 3 113 7
Wilson, c 3 0 0 5 1 Steelmn.c 3 0 36 0
Whalen.p 3 ; 0* 0 ' 0 • 3 Thelmn.p 4 2:10.3
•Wheeler 10 0 0 0'- —
JBarber. . 1 r 0 '¦; 0 *. 0 1 0 Totals 31 7 10 27 15
: Totals 34 2 . 3 24 14K •
•Wheeler batted for Wilson in the ninth.
i IBarber batted- for^Whalen- in the ninth.
HUNS 'AND HITS * BY INNINGS.- ' ! '
Portland .1...... 1;1 0 ; 3*0 2 O Ox— .7
¦ Base, hits. ..... 1 3 0 2 0 1 O 2 ' x— 10
San Francisco... 0 0 10 1 0 0 0 0— 2
Tfase ; hits. . . ." . . 0 1 2 "00 0 0 v 0 0—3
¦¦-'..'• \>' ¦•¦'..'¦' summaryJ "'.,,._
' Krrors — Beck, Davis. . Runkle (2), Spencer. I
Thieltnsin. Mcany. , Anderson. Wilson. ... Earn«d
runs— Portland 2. Stolen base — Meany.-, Bases
on balls — Off ;.Thlelman~ 3, off <..< Whalen .->; 3
Struck out — By Thielman 5, by Whalen 2. Two.
base hit— Beck.'---, Three-base hit — Thielman.
Left on bases— Portland 6,, San 'Francisco 8.
Hit- by'; pitched, ball — By : Thielman. • Passed
bnllr- By .Stfelman.- > First .base -on ¦< errors—
Portlaad : 2.x San i Francisco 4. Sacrifice . hits— "•'
Spencer, V-Steelman. • ..Double > play — Davis;, to
Spencer. ¦. Time of game — One hour ; and : f orty
five minutes.' Umpire — Brown. '
SIXTH RACE — One mile ard twenty! yards;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Imboden. 94 (Ho well)... 2 2 1 1 1}£
17tol-vJohn II. 95 (Cheatham).. 7 42 21
6 to 1— Bountiful. 86 (S. Dlcksn) 5 1 1>43 1
Time, 1 :44H. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. Cole tt Co.'s b. c. by Guldo-Sound.
Klngstelle 100, Flora Levy 05. Ora Z SU. Nellie
Bawn 100. . finished as named.
J v Everything for an enjoyable evening
at- home; playing-cards, card , tables,
prizes, tally cards, , whist sets, game seta.
Bicycle and Congress playing " cards. .; No
such an assortment elsewhere. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. • ,
Card Parties.
Takes the Delmar Feature Raoe After
a Hard Drive.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 20. — Anne Davis
won the Delmar feature race to-day in
a hard drive with Gay Lizzette and
Folies Bergeres. The favorites fared
better than they did yesterday. The
track was unusually fast, with weather
threatening. Attendance. 5000. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; maiden two
j'ear-olde:
B«tt3ng. Hone. Weight Jockey. St. V Fin.
ft to I — Mr. Barnaby. 100 (Chthm) 14 1 11
Z tol— Tartan 103 <D. Austin).. 3 3 4 2 1
3 to 1—3. Randolph. 100 (Dcksn) 5 4 h 3 «$
Time. 1 :03*i. Start . poor. Won driving.
Winner, Grady & Rathroan's ch. g. byNlm
rod-Paney II. John H. Kirby 100. Russel A
Its. Aten 109. Bonanza King 100. Lucius 108,
Gwjrge T 103. Senator Poyntx 88. Rox 100,
xmished as named. ' ''< ." '.
SECOND RACE— One mile and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and 'up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. SL % Fin.
6 to 1-Tim. Vix-lan. 104 <HowriI>'l 1 \<t 1 h
6 to ??— Tottenham. 100 (Austin) 6 2 2 2 1
C to 1 — Trotran. 10." <McMulIen).. 8 7 2 3 1
Time. l:47«i. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. G. U. and A. E. Flower's ch. g. <6)
»<y Bootrnjker-Pearlcie. Guadalqulver 10«,
Brad'.ey Bill 100. Sam Stevens 100 Feronla
104. Shipping Port 104. Banquet 104, Blsuka'
104. Little Corker 104. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and. a. half furlong*:
two- year- oldt:
J letting. Horse. Weirht. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 2— Tada.. lOoTTV. Dufran).. Ill 11
3 to 5— Violin. 105 ID. Austin).. 3. 2 5. 2 8
12 to 1 — Ganconne. 100 (Seder) .V. 6 52 31
Time. 1:09%. Start rood. Won driving,
dinner. W. CahlU's b. c. by Odd Fellow-
Jwellie Mack. -Kilts 103. Ethel's Pride 05 Ma-
Vania 85, Cotton Stone 95. Buchanan 103, fin
ished as Tiamed.
FOCRTH RACE— fix furlong*, thr»»-j*ar»
OAKLAND, Oct. 20. — After battling
for nearly 'five 1 weeks against certain
death, with his spine so badly injured
that the spinal cord wa3 almostsev
ered by the broken bone, Franklin A.
Cullen; a young baseball player, who
was .hurt in a game at Newark, died
this evening at the Receiving. Hospital.
His death ends a, case which has been
a puzzle to physicians, who have,mar
veled at the youth's wonderful vitality.
, Cullen was -injured while playing
with the Iver-Johnson -team, of which
he was the captain. In ' sliding to
third, base, he fell in such a way" as to
fracture his spine just above the shoul
ders; the displaced .vertebrae' almost
severing ;the ; spinal, cord. The young
man was 20 years old. *
After'; Livins Five Weeks With Spinal
Cord" Almost' Severed, Frnnk
% lln A. Culleh Dies.
Fourt!: ¦ race, one and a . sixteenth > miles —
William Wright won. Princess Tulane second.
Uurlehorn third. Time, 1;47. .
Fifth nice, one mile — Norel won. Mammon
second. The Major third.- Time.- 1:42. j
Sixth race, one and an. eighth. miles— -Golden
Mineral- won. Et. Tammany second, Barklyite
third. Time. 1:53. ....
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Our
I.I Me won. Cousin Carrie second. Dan Collins
third. Time. 1:CS%. i W E WNBPH|
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 20.— Elm Ridge racing
summary:
Flrstr>race. 'seven furlongs — Telephone ' won,
Tryon second. Eugenie B third. Time, 1:28.
Second race, five furlongs — Lauretta won.
Royal Legend second, - Capltanaio third. Time.
1:02.- Azelina finished first, but was disqual
ified. • mnnnrji'" iwijih' im j *ihh'MO["ij t:<mi'~wiU
Kansas City Racine Results.
YOUNG BASEBALL PLAYER
-: SUCCUMBS TO INJURIES
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs — Three-year
olds and up:
liettlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2tol— Madoc. 102 (D. Austin)... 6 13 Ins
6 to 1— Lookaway. 102 (Rice) 8 2% 2 8
7tol— Yel. Hammer, 105 (Dken). 5 4 1 3 1
Time. 1:16. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. J. E. Ryan's br. g. (3) by Al Farrow-I
Will. Rhyme and Reason 102. Nath Woodcock
107, Pepper Dick 107. Torlo 105, Escanaba 107,
finished as named.
SEATTLE, Oct. 20. — Los Angeles
simply ran away from Seattle to-day.
After a • while Doc- Newton got- tired
of having things so easy and com
menced to let up a trifle. ¦ Seattle then
had a little luck and ran her score
up to 7. Score:
Seattle — Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H.P. A.
VanHn.cf 5 0 4 0 1 Bernrd.cf 5 1 2 \ 2 3
Mohlr,2b 10 0 2 l!Chase.2b 5 0 2 3 2
BIkshp.cf 2 0 0 0 0J.Smth,3b 6 2 83 3
C.Smth.rf 5 2 2 0 0 Cravth.rf 3 2 1 0 0
Frlsk.lf. 5 0 2 3 O^rshr.lb 3 1 2 10 1
Leahy.c. 5 118 liToman.u. 5 1 2 16
Mahon,3b 5 12 0 l'Ross.lf.. 5 2 2 0 0
Hall, s... 4 2 2 1 5|Sples,c. 2 1 1>5 0
James,lb 4 1 1 13 0 Kagar. c. 1 0 1 2; 0
Hickey.p 10 0 0 3 Newton.p 5 0 3-.1 1 1
Wilams,p 3 0 0 0. 3 _ i_ _
Totals. 40 10 18 27 16
' Totals. 40 7 11 2i 15l
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle.... 0 0 .2 • 0 0 0 0 4 1 — 7
Base hits 0 13 0 111 4 3 — 14
Loe Angeles 10610110 0 — 10
Base hits .2 0 6 2.11 31 2—18
SUMMARY., I "1
Errors — C. Smith, Hall, Williams, Chase (2),
Toman (2). Stolen base — Spies. -Two-base hits
—Frisk. Mahon. R. Hall, Cravath, Spies,
Brashear (2).. Three-base hits — Ros3, J. Smith,
Double plays^ — Williams to . Leahy to James,
Toman , to Brashear. Bases on balls Oft
Hickey .2, off Williams 1, off Newton 2: : Hit
by pitched ball — Mohler, Eagar. Innings
pitched — By Hickey 3, by Williams 6. Hits —
Off Hickey 6, Hickey's opponents at bat ' 16
times. Van Haltren. no record at second.
Struck out— By Williams 4, by Newton 5.
Wild pitch — Williams.' Time of game — Two
hours and two minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
Doc Xewton Lets yp After Team Gets
w a Bis Lead.
olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Anne Davis. 102 (Austin). 3 23 Hi
8 to 1 — Gay Ltzzette. 1C5 (Dugan) 6 3 1 2 Vt
2 to 1— Fol. Bergeres, 102 (Dlcksn) 2 5 4 3 1
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. T. P. Hayea' br. f. <3) by Loyalist-Valerl
ana. Mattle H 102. Malster 107. Glennevls
110, Subador 107, Sir Francis II 103, finished as
named.
ANGELS PARADE AT SEATTLE.
San Francisco Club Boxing Bouts.
For a card that presents lively pros
pects for bruising fights the monthly
show to be held by the San ; Fran
cisco. Club at Woodwards* Pavilion to
night could hardly be surpassed.
Matches were made with that end in
view and the assortment figures to
meet all requirements. Many . of the
boys are San Francisco Club favorites.
The complete list follows: Jos Long
vs. George Sullivan at 190 pounds,
Dick Hyland vs. Jack Brown at 125
pounds, Tom Sullivan vs. Charles Au
gustus at 135 pounds, Ben Crossley vs.
"Soldier" Reiger at 145 pounds, Joe
Kelly vs. Jack Daly at 115 pounds,
Harry Kiley vs. Jimmy^ Martin at" 135
pounds and Mike ' Synfy vs. Young
Choynski at 135 pounds. Alex. Greg T
gains will officiate as referee through
out the evening. >"
FRIEND. Neb., Oct. 20. — Strtf
pairs of fast hounds faced Slipper
James Nice of Colorado In the Missis
sippi Valley Futurity at the Friend
Coursing Club's meet to-day. The purse
of $3500 is the largest ever offered
and the entry list the largest. The
first round in the event had been post
poned two days, and .the pairs were
rent out in quick succession to-day in
order to complete the round. The
Jacks were extra strong, but few of
them failed to reach the escapes. Fine
weather greeted the larg crowd and
the sport was high class.
Coursing Opens at Friend.
AXXE DAVIS A WINNER,
NEW YORK, Oct. 20. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Jamaica
track follow:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Palette 100.
AustraJina. 100. Satchel 100, Henry Luehnnaan
Jr. 103, Clear the Arena 105, Burdette 105, Pe
«uot 105, Tide 105. Emergency I06, Rob Roy
106. Shipshape 108, Old England 110. Mary
Worth 110. Neither One 110. Scotch Plume 110.
CounterzMise 110. Kickshaw 110. Et Tu Brute
110. Reticent 110. The Huguenot 110. Monte
Carlo 113. Sale 115, Astarita. 121.
Second rac;. one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap — Flyback 82. Waterside 95, Warwhoop
S7. Rapid Water 118. Ormonde's Right 115.
Junes y 114. Damon 09, Grenade 107.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-old fillies, purse — Rose Strome 88, High
Life U9. Kitty Platt 104. Mirthless 104. Flin
<lere 105». Diamond Flush 109. Pirate Polly 10!*.*
Fancy Dress 100. Zeala 109, Coy Maid 109.
Myopia 109. Santa Catallna 109.
Fourth race, the Garden City ctalces, selling,
one and a sixteenth miles — Canteen 95, Stolen
Moments 9S. Monster 100. Little Em 100,
Brooklynite 100. Lord Badge 105. Proceed! 105,
New York 106. De Reszke 106, Carbuncle 107,
Gay Boy 111.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — B&llyc&Etle SQ, Mai* Hanlon W. Conceit
fTT, Brunvwlck S9, Stone Arabia 99, Rudabek
201, Hackensack 102.
Sixth race, five furlongs, two-year-old mald
*na — Salt end Pepx>er 109, Campo 109, Idle
Tears 109, Critical 109. Ranger 109. Inspiration
109. Roderick Dhu 109. Oallowse* 112. Oliver
Cromwell 112. Hawtrey 112. Bill Bailey II 112.
Chimney Sweep 112, Allumeur 112. Yeoman
112. La Golden 112. Earldom 112.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
First race — Lady Churchill, Maid of
the Order, Jennie Hughes.
Second race — Wakeful, MoJetta,
Sand Bath.
Third race— -Fugnrtha, Fltzbrillar,
Wager.
Fourth race— Triple SIItct, Ivernia,
Pierce J.
Fifth race— One More, Bob Curt,
Marchioness.
Sixth race— Pathos, Bengal, Miss
Eon.
Condition of the track — Fast.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth milea;
handicap; all ages:
Betting. Horee, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Stoln Moments. 115 (Dvs) 2 1 H»l 1
4 to I— Lord Badge. 114 <Wndrly) \ 3 2 2 n«
10 to 1— Bartender, 110 (Crimmlns) 6 4 1 3 2
Time. 1 :5o 3-0. Start fair. Won cleverly.
¦Winner. II. T. Griffin's br. I. by Kingston-
Certto. Carbuncle, Proceeds and April Showers
fir. i shed as named.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Hot 08. Jlngler 98, Gllfain 98, Marshalsea
98, Reckoner 9S, Rabunta 9S, Jove 101, Bar
kelmore 101. Mr. Farnum 103. King's Court
103, Niaxus 103. Bluemlnt 103, Mike Shelly 100.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, selling
— PancreatU 100, Useful Lady 103. Ravlana
103, Intrigue 103. The Gadfly 103, Sincerity
Belle 105, Paneta 105, Green Gown 106, Dun
dall 106. Dr. Leggett 108.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth milea, sell
ing — Lampoon OS. Clausus 101, Federal lO.'t,
Carat 104, Benckart 107. Dr. Stephens 107,'
Celebration 107, Gloriosa 116.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, gell
ing—St.. Blue 96, Foxmeade 96, Polk Miller
06, Sllvermeade 96. Royal Arms 9<J. Lady
Free Knight 98, Rowland M 99, Docile 100,
Triumvir 100, Rian 101, Langford James 101,
Mlngore 101. Serenity 103, Dutiful 104. Edward
Hale 104. /
Second raoe, six furlongs, purse — Monls 100,
Bill Walters 100. J. W. O'Neill 100. Mad
Mullah 100. Armorer 103, Gus Heldorn 103,
Harrington 103. Gypzene 104, Golden Rule 104,
Optional 104.
First race, six furlongs, maidens — Diagram
110, Big Beach 113. Arc Light 113, Shining
Star 113. Belsaranno 113, Waddell II 113,
Vonketel 113. Gladiator 113. J. B. Smith 113,
Bradwarlin 115, Rossboume 115, Biehop Poole
118, Downpatrlck 118, Harpoon 118, Palm
Tree 118.
WORTH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Oct. 20. — The entries
for to-morrow's races -at "Worth track
follow:
Kentucky Stock Farm Stake. |"5C0. three
year-old trotters, two In three — Grace Bond
won two straight heats in 2:07%. 2:10. Alto
Axworthy, Alice Edgar. Totaro and. Glory
Quavie also started.
2:12 pace, $1000. two in three — Tlllie Saale
won two straight heats In 2:09%. 2:09%. Lulu
May, Three Feeds For One Cent, Little Sphinx.
Dan S. Miss Georgia, Gayety, Adelphla and
Rlley. McKeen also started.
2:12 trot to. wagon, amateur drivers, two In
three — Olive wen the second and. third heats in
2:21. 2:12%. lmogene won the first heat In
2:15%.
2:30 trot. $1000. two in three — Miss Jean
nette won two straight heats In 2:23^4. 2:1S?«.
Electric Maiden and Al Smith also started.
' 2:05 pace to wagon, amateur drivers, two In
three (unfinished from yesterday) — Angus
Pointer (Mr. Billings) won the second and third
heats In 2:04Vi. 2:06^4- Baron Grattan won
the first heat in 2:06 % and was drawn In the
third. ' Morning Star also started.
2:07 pace, $1000, two In three (unfinished
from yesterday) — Sphynx S won the third and
fourth heats In 2:O7%, 2:05U- King Direct
won the second heat in 2:05%. Belle Me won
the first heat In 2:04H. Dry Monopole, Oregon
Maid and Don N* also started.
MEMPHIS, Oct. v 20.— A- bad accident
marred the. third day's harness racing
to-day in the first heat of the' 2:12 pace.
The stallion. RileyMcKeen choked and
fell at the three-eighths; throwing his
driver, the veteran "Knap" McCarthy,
who .sustained ~ a* fractured skull and
a broken collarbone. Although he is
still unconscious, the doctors do not
think his injuries will prove fatal. In
this race Tillle Saale had no trouble In
winning in straight, heats, distancing
the favorite, Delpha, in the first heat,
and incidentally winning a lot of
money for her backers. - ; » ' ;: '
Grace Bond, the Lexington Futurity
winner, easily defeated a field, of five
three-year-old trotters in .straight
heats for the Kentucky Stock Farm
stake. Dan Patch, the champion pacer,
will go an exhibition mile to-morrow.
Summary:
Champion . stake, sixteen entries— Little
Plunger vs. Full Moon; Carlow Boy vs. Poca
telli; Sampler vs. Fair Tralee; Barge vs. Doc
Burns; Royal .Friend vs. Duhallow; Lo»t Chord
vs. Princess Savoy; Rocked Asleep vs. Fair
Flying; Friendless Boy vs. Tralee Lass.'
Saturday- coursing: will be resumed
to-morrow at Ingleside Park. Three
stakes were drawn last night to , be
run on Saturday and Sunday — a beaten
doer stake of nfty-six entries, a re
serve stake of . thirty- two entries and
a champion stake of sixteen ' entries.
In the latter event' are PpcatelUJ
Barge, Full Moon, Colored Lady, Du
hallow and many 'other, fast ones.. The
first three rounds of the : beaten . dogs'
stake will be run : down Saturday, and
the other '.two : stakes -.will be begun
and finished on Sunday. Following 1 .is
the resultof the draw: - . ,
Beaten dog - stake, < fifty-six entriea — Antle
Tralee" vs.: Brewery/ Maid; . Red Hot vs. Free
From Flaw^Lucy Glitters ve. Courtly Guest;
Dear Gaston vs. Cavalette: Erma Hotfoot vs.
Bluebeard;' Flannigan vs. Lily Wright; Idaho
Boy vs. Fairy Belle;- Young • Kerry Pippin vs.
Bella Lloyd; AVater • Maid - va . Lady , Menlo;
Thetis vs. Jerry. Wright; Warco vs. Pepper
Jack; Rolling Boer vs. Brilliancy; Aurella vs.
Little Klamath;* Maid of Mercy v«. Cascade;
Agitator vs.- Medley; • Maid of the Glen vs.
Bright -Columbia; ¦ Maid of 1 Gowrie vs. Con
cord Boy; Fire Brick •vs. Good- as Gold; Richo
chet vs. Reck!es9 Rose; Laboring Boy vs. Her
Boy; Concord . Tralee vs; Pure Pearl; Little
Freda vs. Baby -Byron; Silent Water vs. Pete;
Gold Lily vs. Craig Lad; Red Brick vs. Slroc;
Croix D vs. Haughty Helen; Haddington vs.
Black Bart; Dartaway vs. Hunter Raine. '
Reserve stake,' thirty-two entries — Hermit vs.
Colored Lady; Old Ironsides vs. Reckless Acro
bat; Golden Fortune vs. May Tuniaon; Rocklin
Boy vs. Mellinw.ood; Aerodh vs. Smller: Frank
Dunn. vs». Cubanola; Picadilly vs. Butte City;
Frank C. vs. Tom Hurllck; Commercial Trav
eler vs.- Miss Lucille; Loretta vs. Young Johnny
Rex; Vina vs. Jlgamaroa; Choo Choo vs. Frisky
Boy; Belfast vs. Lucky Shamrock; Modest
Beauty vs. Mabel S; Fretter vs. Bob R; Pasha
Pleasant vs." Piker.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i ' Fin.
fe to 1— Garnish. OS (W. Davis)... 1 1 IJ41 «i
6 to 1 — Champlain. H7 <Travers).. 8 4^22
6 to 1— Ni-rr.tor. 1CS <Redfern) 10 ti h 3 h
Time, 1 :47 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, M. L. Hayman'o b. c. by Rapallo-
Garniture. Houth Trimble. Gravina, Akela,
Latheren. Widow's Mite, Aceful and Gold Dome
finished as named. :
"Knap" McCarthy Victim of
' an Accident.
Time. 2:09 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, S. T. Jacobs' ch. g. (4) by The Bard-
Water Lily. Charlie Miller 03. Tracy 103.
Scortic 100. Excentral 93, Soldier of Fortune
92, finished as named. Paramount 106 fell.
SIXTH RACK — One and a quarter miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St fi Fin.
20 to 1— Bard of Avon, 98 (Jnkn) 7 11 1 1»4
16 to .'. — Ben Chance.105 (Mrrsn) 8 4 2 2n
18 to 5— Lit. Elkin, 100 <Seamstr) 4 2 4 3 1
Good Running Promised at
Ingleside Park.
VETERAN DRIVER ¦ HIT
DEIiMAR SELECTIONS.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Dovcnpatrick. Rose*
bourne. Harpoon.
Second race — J. W. O'eiU, Golden
Rule, Mad Mullah.
Third race — Barkelmore. 3Ir. Far
num, Marshalsea.
Fourth race — Green Gown, Sincerity
Belle, Janeta.*
Fifth race — Carat. Dr. Stephens,
Federal.
Sixth race— Dutiful, Docile, Mlngore,
Condition of the track— Fast.
STAB HOUNDS MATCHED
FOURTH RACE — Eix furlongs; the Hemp*
utead Selling Stakes; two-year-old* :
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
11 to 5— Merry Lark, 105 (Hildbd) 6 34 lh
3 to 1 — Glen Echo. 103 (Crimmns) S 4 ij 2 2
4 to 1 — Bank, V~ CTravers) 1 1^ 36
Time, 1 :14. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. W. B. Leed's b. c. by Jim Gore-Twitter.
Darkle, Voladay and King Cole finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— L. Jocelyn 102 (Rmnll) 6 1 3 1 h
9 to 2O— Miss Crwfrd. Ill (Ncl) 4 3 12 6
9 to 2— Lurallghter. 102 (Stllle) 5 2 2 8 9
Time. 1:41 2-6. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, S. P. Harlan's ch. t. (4) by Pirate of
Penzance- Belle Swift. Ishlana 99, Wine Sap
99. Lucy E S 92. Allio Virge 9t>. finished as
named.
JIMMY BRITT 'TOSSING THE HEAVY i"MEDICINE • BALL"!. ON THE 'BEACH
NEAR HIS TRAINING QUARTERS, ALAMEDA, WHERE • HE M8 , RAPIDLY
- WORKING >HIMSLF INTO THE PERFECTION OF , CONDITION. \ --;-
3 to 1 — Canteen 10* <W. Davi*) 4 3 IV3I H
b to 10— Ascension, 110 (Hldebd) 3 13 2 1^
60 to 1— Iirh Wtch. 100 <Crmns) 2 4 2 3 20
Time. 1:45 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. H. T. Griffin's b. t. by Mirihiul-
Harbridgc. Roeetlat, Raglan, finished as
earned.
THIRD — RACE — One mile and seventy
js;:s handicap . all ages:
Betting. Horse, weight. Jockey. St. %i Fin.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year
olds; purse: ¦ '.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to S — G. Enamel 107 (Dmnck) 6 2 h 1 1
11 to 5— Cutter. 112 (Robblns)... 2 1 2Va2 7
4 to 1— Monte. 105 (Helgesen).. 7 5 1 3 h
Time. 1:14. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, M D. Keller's ch. c. by Madison- Enamel.
Roseboume 100. Regale 102. Platoon 102. Yuga
97. San Jove 102. finished as named.
By the New Tork Morning Telegraph.
First race — Et Tu Brute, Counter
poise, Monte Carlo.
Second race — War Whoop. Flyback,
Rapid Water.
Third race — Santa Catnllna, Pirate
Polly, Kittle Platt.
Fourth race — De Reszke. Griffin en
try, Carbuncle.
Fifth race — Kudabek. Conceit, Bally
Castle.
Sixth race— Inspiration, Bill Bailey
II, Campo. -i. .* I :..„>-. : ; -.-;; •
Condition of the track — Fast.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
SECOND RACE: — Six furlongs; selling; three
ytar-o'.ds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. a i Fin.
4 to 1— Yng. Henry. Ill <Odom) 12 2 12
15 to 1— Ju\. Maxim, 105 <Trvrs) 8 6 1 2 2
15tol — Fkk!e 107 <Hildebrand) 3 1 H3h
Time, 1:14. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. K. EL Thomas' b. g. by Henry Young-
Volander. Viona.. Topic, Osgood, Toi San,
Daity tJreen, 1'entaur, Bonner, Funnyside,
Vagary, Arsenal. Sentry, Knobhampton. Lord
Advocate. Souriere. The Captain, finished as
named.
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles;
Alpine Selling Stakes; three-year-olds and up
ward:
Betting, Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Huzzah. 06 (Seamster) . . 6 6 3 1 *£
23 to 5 — Ananias,' 104 (Morrison). 5 2 3 2 *4
7 to 1— Aggie Lewis. 86 (Foy)... 4 31 3h
Time 1:65. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. Arthur's br. h. (5) by Hermence-Com
plete. Gloriosa »S, Ethylene W. Ahola 100,
tlrished as named.
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and upward:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. & Fin.
IS to 5 — Card.Wolsey 107 <Nicol) 6 2 n 1 6
30 to 1— Meistercinger. 110 (Kunz) 2 Ih.2(i
0 to 1— B. & Beat. 110 (Domnck) 5 12 3 2
Time. 1:28 2-5. Start good. Won in a can
ter. Winner. J. H. Young's br. g. (4) by St.
Leonards-Hampton Bell*. Rankln 110. Chan,
terelle 102, Jackful 107. Sunny Shoes 104, Good
man 1U2. Handsome Man 112, finished as
named.
•$ Home run — Eacan. Stolen bases — Dun-
Ifavy, Ganley (2). Errors — Schlafley, Graham.
.Two-base hit — Francks. First base on er
ror — Tacoma. FlrsU base on - called balls — Off
Jor.es 2. off Overall 6. Left on bases—Oak
land 2. Tacoma 2. Struck out— By Jones 0, by
Overall 10. Doubjp plays— Graham to Shee
han; Stark to Schlafley. Passed ball — Graham.
Time of came — 1:55. Umpire — Perlne. ¦
Jones kept | up his good work by
pitching a magnificent game. He had
every Tiger on his staff, and his con
trol was as good as one -generally sees
at a ball game. Truck Eagan boosted
the ball over the center-field fence in
the fourth for a long homer, and but
for that gallant feat the Tigers would
have been snowballed.
There were two in the cellar when
Overall issued a pass to Devereaux in
the fifth round. No one thought much
of it, but Bill started for second when
Graham dropped the next thrown ball.
Charley was anxious to head Red off
at second and threw quickly. The sphere
went high over Hogan's head" and out
to the score-board. Urged on by the
yells and shouts of the fans, Devereaux
fairly fiew over those sacks and
reached the pan, tying the score.
Francks ushered in the sixth for the
Commuters with a two-base drive to
the shoe sign, which 'nets him a pair of
high-grade kicks. Dunleavy hit to
Overall and Francks was caught at
third, Dunleavy in the meanwhile get
ting down to second.
The hit-and-run signal was given,
and Dun got to third while Schlafley
was being put out at first. Kruger was
up, and had a strike on him, when
Dunleavy made his daring steal. Gra
ham motio'ned to Overall for an out
curve, and while the big fellow was
winding up Dun made for the pan. He
did not stop until he landed by sliding
safely under Graham, while Kruger
stood looking on.
That won the game, for the Tigers
never could get jerry to Jones. Doyle
was put out of the game in the third
inning for passing too much talk back
to Ferine. The latter showed his nerve,
and had the abusive Tigers standing
around and looking meek. He umpired
a swell game of ball. The score:
Tacoma — I Oakland —
AB.R. H. P. A. AB.R. H. P. A.
Doyle,2b 2 0 0 0 0 Ganly.rf 2 0 0 2 0
Shehn,3b 3 0 1 3 O Frnks.ss 4 0 12 2
Nrdyk.lb 4 O 1 2 0 Dnlevy.lf 3 10 10
Eafran.gs 4 114 1 Schfly,2b 2 0 0 4 3
Lynch,cf 4 0 0 3 0 Krugr.cf 3 0 16 0
McLln.lf 3 0 0 0 0 Streib.lb 3 0 0 6 1
Grahm.c 3 0 0 0 4JDevrx.3b 2 110 0
Hn.rf-2b 3 0 0 2 0 Stark, c. 3 0 0 6 1
Overall, p 2 0 0 0 1 Jones, p. 1 0 0 11
Keefe. rf 20010 —
— Totals. 23 2 3 27 8
Totals. 30 1 3 24 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 0 110 0 0 0 1—3
Oakland 0 0 0,0 1 10 0 x— 2
Base hits .0 0 0 0 0 2 1 Ox— 3
SUMMARY.
Mr. Dunleavy, the amiable center
fielder for the Commuters, started a
thousand hearts a-thumping yesterday
afternoon at Recreation Park when he
started on a mad race for the home
plate. On he came and the multitude
held its breath. Ball and runner
reached the pan at the same time, but
Dun slid under it. and Oakland's win
ning run had landed. Score: Oakland
2, Tacoma 1.
The interest and excitement which
marked the first game were again afp
parent in every round. It was right and
scrap and yell at the umpire all along
the line. Every player was possessed
of a supply of ginger which could not
be exhausted. Oakland played the bet
ter baseball and won. Graham's error
let them start, and then they finished
like champions.
Big Overall gave an exhibition of
twirling that was as brilliant as it was
erratic. None of the Commuters could
hit this giant, and had he any com
mand of the ball he might have estab
lished a world's record then and there.
Ten fanned, but six walked, and one
of these afterward came home with the
first run for the Commuters.
W. L. Pet. "W. L. Pet.
Tacoma 47 29 .618 Seattle 40 38 .513
Lob Angeles. 39 32 .549 San Fran... S3 43 .434
Oakland 39 37 .513 Portland ...29 48.377
The game between Berkeley and
Oakland, played Wednesday afternoon,
was unsatisfactory. Berkeley undoubt
edly was the stronger team, and should
have won. As It was they lost by a
single point. Oakland got the ball on a
fumble and scored early in the game.
Berkeley earned its touchdown on good
line-bucking. The latter part of ,the
game was played in the dark and was
full of wrangling.
The winners of to-day's games •will
meet next Saturday for the champion
ship of the league.
The semi-final football games for
the championship of the Academic
League will be played to-morrow on
the Presidio grounds. In the morning
Santa Rosa High School, winner of the
Northern Sub-League series, meets
Oakland High School, winner of the
Central League. In the afternoon
Lick, the local champions, will meet the
Palo Alto High School boys, champions
of the Southern Sub-Leasue.
This Is the first year there have been
four teams in the semi-finals, and all
of them are strong. Oakland and Palo
Alto have figured in games with the
freshmen teams of Stanford and Cali
fornia. Stanford beat Palo Alto only
6Vo 0, while California beat Lick 10 to
0. Many consider the Lick eleven one
of the strongest that ever represented
a high school. Palo Alto will probably
prove faster, but it is doubtful If they
will fight as hard as Lick. Cavanaugh.
the great center from Chicago Uni
versity, has been assisting Smock in
coaching Lick during the week, and
the home eleven should go upon the
field with a good knowledge of the
game.
Time. 1:03 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. Corrisan's br. e. by Watercress -
Lumina. Escutcneon. Heart's Desire, Jim
Beat lit. Oro. finished as named.
Davis, the St. Louis jockey, who was
in such excellent form at the Sheeps
head Bay and the Gravesend meet
ings, but was not so successful at Mor*
ris Park, rode three winners.- all at
pood urices. On Canteen and Stolen
Moments he won the third and the
sixth races for- H. T. Griffin. He won
the fifth with Gurnish for Morris Hay
man. Canteen made a new track rec
ord when she ran a mile and seventy
yards in 1:43 3-5, and easily defeated
the pacemaker. Ascension. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse; t»o-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St.' % Fin.
fc to 1— ttaur Light. 112 <Oi,Nell) 4 3 3 1 h
4 to 5— Handzarra 1C9 (Crmns) 5 14 2 %
10 to 1— Austin Allen, 112 <Odom) 1 C 4 3 h
It was a well contested race from
start 10 finish, with varying features.
At no time could one of the hawk
eyed talent safely say the winner
could be designated until the last
stride. The stake was worth $10S5 to
the winner.
JAMAICA. Oct. 20. — Luck played a
conspicuous part to-day In the ¦ de
cision of the Hempstead selling stake.
It was won by W. B. Leed's Merry
Lark, largely because his rider, Hilde
brand, was alert enough to take ad
vantage of the other competitors when
they swung wide. He sent Merry Lark
into the opening thus made and was
able to get him home first by a head
from Glen Echo. Prior to this Merry
Lark had been cut off twice at critical
moments.
Special Di*patch to Th« Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20. — In a sensa
tional stretch run James Arthur's
Huzzah came from far back and won
the Alpine selling stakes to-day by
half a length at Worth. Ananias wa3
second. The stakes had a gross value
of $2360. of which 51865 went to the
winner, $800 to the second horse and
the balance to the third horse.
It was one of the most desperate
finishes seen at the track.' Five of the
Held of six siarters were in a compact
jam and it was anybody's race twenty
yards from . the wire. Xot until the
final stride could the winner be deter<
mined. Huzzah avoided all the early
pace and did not make his run until
turning for home. Then, comins with
a determined rush in the stretch, he
passed his field and won going "away.
Summary:
FipST RACE— Five and a hair furlongs;
purse- two-year-olds:
Betting:. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
U to 5— I.the Terbl. 105 (Nicol) 2 1 ',i 1 5
13 to IV— SirBrillar.115 iKunz).. « 2 2 2 3
100 to 1— KtheJ Day. 112(Banks) » 3 2 3 >.i
Time, 1 :07 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Darden & Co.'a ch. c. by Pirate of
Penzance-Kate Pelletier. Simplicity 102, Loch
invar 110, Logisteila 102, Dixie Lad 105. Uw
ler 115, Sparklios l«i. Dixelle 102. Black
Dutch 105, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- The weather has. been warm and has
proved advantageous to Joe In taking
off, weight. He now weighs under 137
POUndS. f: . ; :. . . .
Billy McDonald says, "This talk
about Joe not making the weight is all
nonsense. Why," he said, "Joe will
make 133 pounds ringside and be, as
•strong as ever he was."
An hour's hard work in the gym
nasium convinced Joe's admirers that
he is in fine condition. He punched the
bag, twisted the wrist machines; pulled
the weights, jumped the rope a thou
sand times and wound up by .boxing
four fast rounds with Kid Sullivan. In
the morning he took a fourteen-mile
run.
Contrary to expectations, Joe Gans
put in a hard day's work yesterday at
his training quarters at Billy Shan
non's villa. It was programmed that
Joe should take things easy until next
Monday, but many of his friends jour
neyed to his quarters expecting to see
him perform and Billy McDonald, not
wishing to disappoint them, counter
manded his previous order and told Joe
to go to work. •
Britt weighed 135% pounds yesterday
and his plan is not to begin to reduce
for some time yet. On .the contrary he
will build himself up to a weight great
er than that at which he now tips the
beam. ; \:.~ ,
Eight miles on the road and a plunge
in the bay constituted Britt's work in
the morning.. In the afternoon he box
ed four rounds with Frank Rafael and
went through his usual stunts with the
medicine ball, punching bag and wrist
machines. Jimmy received . a delega
tion of visitors, including James Britt
Sr., Spider Kelly and George Webster
of this city and Peter Cronin, Frank
Meyers and Frank Corbett of-San
Mateo. The last three headed a dele
gation from their - : home town, where
Britt has many admirers. Colonel
Brady will ' chaperon a delegation to
morrow. .
Persons who have visited the training
quarters of the rival lightweights pro
nounce them in wonderful condition.
Britt's friends are particularly pleased
with his healthy, appearance and with
his speed in boxing.
Wrestling in the water has been add
ed to Britt's programme of training at
Croll's Gardens, Al-meda. The little
fighter took on Churloy "Tiv" Kreling
of the Olympic Club yesterday In a
lively catch-as-catch-can bout in the
surf. The man of «he gloves and the
man of the mat went at it like a pair
of sealions. Honors were about even
when time was called, although Kreling
weighs thirty pounds more than Britt.
Jimmy affirms that water wrestling
teaches one how to get out of a.slip
pery place in a slippery manner and
also improves the wind, .particularly If
the other fellow, holds his opponent un
der the waves ,whlle he is scoring
points.
Kreling has become a member of
Britt's training staff and will engage
the fighter every day- in gymnasium
and surf bouts. Jimmy figures he. may
have to do some hustling work when
he gets in close to Joe Gans and fig
ures that Krellng's knowledge : of the
game of hold and haul will prove of
value to him." "~l';~^
Both sides are supposed to have
kindly feeling for Billy Roche, who has
made no mistakes in the ring up to the
present time.
Al Herford has expressed a wish (for
an Eastern referee, but Britt has stated
he will not entertain such a proposi
tion. Both" will probably be a little shy
in making a decided stand for any
man. They have fresh in their minds
the Young Corbett-Graney episode and
the Gans- Welch affair of recent oc
currence.
While Britt is not taking the world
into his confidence it is thought Eddie
Graney would about fill his ideal as to
what a referee should be. .
The selection of a referee, the last of
the Important preliminary details of
the Brltt-Gans fight, will be settled to
night at a- conference between the rep
resentatives of the ' boxers * at Harry
Corbett's. - - ¦ ¦",
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Tigers Leader Lets Oakland
Get Another Tally by a
Wild Peg Past Second Bag
Four Strong Elevens Ready
to Fight for Semi-Final
Honors on Presidio Field
Huzzah Wins a Race
at Worth After a
Sensational Ride
FAST GAMES PROMISED
GE AHA3PS COSTLY ERROR
Jockey Davis Rides
Three Winners at
the Jamaica Track
Condition of Britt
Is Praised by
Visitors.
Oakland High School Hooks
Up With Santa Kosa, and
Lick Engages Palo Alto
While Overall Winds Up His
Arm Speedy Fielder Dashes
From Third to the Plate
HILDEBRANDS ALERTNESS
LANDS MERRY LARK FIRST
DUNLEAVY DOES
DARING SPRINT
VOUNG KICKERS
IRE TO CLASH
RIVALS ipi CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE
Will Select Their Referee
TO-NIGHT AT SPECIAL CONFERENCE
FIGHTERS IN TRIM ACCORDING TO RELIABLE REPORTS FROM QUARTERS
OF BRITT AND GANS AT ALAMEDA AND SAN RAFAEL
THE SAN; FRANCISCO GALIi, FRIDAY; OCTOBER -21; ;1904;
10
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Trunks, Suit Cases
and Leather Goods
In unlimited style9 and vari-
eties at the right price. New
and up-to-date goods con-
stantly arriving. Our goods
are always dependable. Don't
fail to call on us when you
A. B. Smith Co.,
1 16 Ellis, near' Powell.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62 J> KEARXY ST.' KsUbllshed
in 1 *5 1 lor the treatment of rTtvate
Dixeaxes. I...»t Manoood. Df MM! v or
1i*»as> > w*arir»on body and mind »nd
DiavnKea. Tb# Dflctornirnwh'n
oihrrs lalt. Try him. rbArgm low.
«'•»• tuaniHlrrd. Cxi! o€ wine.
*»'- J. r. OIBBO.>, Ban FraivUsco, Cat.The baric KaluUxn uiled yesterday for HotJo
toia with', an", assorted V-mercnandise cargo
¦njeed a.t $*4,4«8 aad tnetadteg tSe.foHowisg
¦ itfOO i/tis Ccar. €3.CC0 3S» saat,'24O4 cs assortl
•d canned • goods. 10.050 flss bread, 10 1») lba
larfi. 172 pk?s sroccries and crovMocs, 43 pkjri
tafcle pn-3arat!cBJ>. 39,730 Ids beaes. - 3C0 cs 15)0
pJcr» salines, S5 tb!s vtnesrar, 42 cs salad clL
COo Ib« h«r», iSSSA gais 25' #» wts»e,- 25 cs
ci«Tnpa«iie. HH cs wbislrj-. :<» brji taste. 43ct
ctU- Birley. 213 etZs -wheat. 36T <?tl« oats ' 53O
cti» cam. 42.0'rt ISs bran. ir«S 'bales bar 30 <53S
lb^ nil JCUasa. 13,000 tt* rtre. 27.533 lbs' sugar
11.500 lbs «areh. 3U.4OO Its cement, «150 Its
tctacco, 5&.020 lb« ccke. 4<4 kegs liO es blaat
icg powder. 40 cs nails. 27 hales twine, 223
k^rs wh:te Lead, l.« pkjrs paints. 783 bxs soap,
23 pkg= dry goods. S1B1 lba axle grease. ±4 coils
Tvy. 10 bbU tar,. 10 hales cotton duck. 93 tis
candles. 73 paa catches. SO bdle broom*,. 4
pk«» maduaery. :33 rolla paj>er. 71 baies paper
_ •--. X. bai*s oaJr-m. 115 cs 112 bbis oil, 14S
coils rsjre. 2» rolls Icatter. 412.760 lbs fenilixsr,
<SS sks p-aster, 234 Uve tcps. 3 sseep.
»
Kxperts . by the Padfic loner
*se vceanic Steamship Company's Ventura
tailed yesterday £or Sydney via Hcnclula. Paga
Pago and AsdtUnd wita a genera! merchandise
cargo vaJued at J2»t,3« and including the fol
lewfeg: Fcr Honclulu. tt3.C«J; Samoaa Isl
asd*. $C<i:: N>w Zealand. IIQS.C&S; XustraUa.
IVZijrr.: T\ii Isl».nis. $1139; So^th -AMea!
SZQ*X: New Caledcnii. 1101. The fotowtei
were the leading exports;
To Hcnolulu — 1721 piegs fresh froits 8t~ ckrs
potatoes. £i3 pkjs onions. 134 pk--» f^esh ve«e
tables. 7531 Ihs dried Trait, 532 lbs tea. 3 bbla
flour. «E30 ft« bntter, SUSO gals-wine. U5 raji
Jl e* wslsky, 2J> «=U«njors. 2C« lbs tread: 12
pkga groceries and no visions. 8m> !bs surar
1200 lbs i: c, laM. 3022 lbs ham aad bacon.'
154 cs canned goods, 8123 Ibe fresh meat. «3
Its 21 Eigs-fre«i JUhTlSM VHm dre«ed poSltty
142 phyrs paste. 3S pkgs tahle preparatioaa.
572J la* raisins. 16Z4 its . 3 cs cheese, 23C0 tbs
meals MOti-l'j* heans. 4ti cs 40 pkgs galmcn.
79 pkgs dry goods. 9 pkgs • manuracturftd to
bacco, 17 cs boots and shoe*. 20 -pfcgs ptanhtog
aaienal. 11 pkgs dregs, 40C pkxs paper 10
pkgs machinery. e3 pkgs paints. ,14 «s coaJ ctL
146 bila wire. 26 pkgs eLectneal - saypttes, 7
pkgs ammanitlon. 20 . bdls brooms,".- X460 lba
The French ship DtrchMae de Berry was
cleared yesterday for Queenstown. for orders.
wita KXa ct^ barley, valaed at $))1.3C0. and
22, OX) ft lumber as dasaage, vaZaed at 1330
. ' 9
*. Canro for Honolulu.
Barley for Europe.
Charters.
The British eteamer Stanley Dofiar is char
ter*! for lssiber from Puget Scuad to Shaag-
The bark R. P. Rithet returns to Hoaclula
wiu: general cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Bailed Oct 20 — Stmr Noyo, for San Fran
cisco; schr Dora Biuhm, for San Pedro.-
Salled Oct f0 — Stmr North Fork, for Saa
Francisco; bktn Amelia, for San Francisco.
. Arrived . Oct C 20— Btmr Phoenix and stmr
Arctic, hence Oct 13.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived - Oct 20— «tmr
Brucawlck. hence Oct 19. • " ,' .'
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Umatllla.
hence Oct 17.
Sailed Oct 20 — Stmr City of PueWa, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Oct 20. noon — Br stmr Telemachus,
from Victoria: rtmr Cottage City, from Skag
way.
Sailed Oct 20, 2:43 p m — Stmr Asuncion,* for
San Francl3eo.
COOS BAT — Sailed Oct 20. S a m — Stmr
Arcata. for San Francisco: stmr Alliance, for
Saa Francisco, via Eureka: stmr Arcata. for
Ean Francisco.
BANDON— Sailed Oct 20— Schr Western
Home for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr
Coos Bay,' for San. Pedro.
Arrived Oct 20 — Horito. from .
REDONDO-^Arrived Oct 20 — Schr Albert
Meyer, from Grays Harbor; schr Mindoro,- f rom
Everett: schr R WBartlett. from Tacoma.
KARLCK— To sal; Oct 10— Shin Star of
Russia, for San Franelsco. : :. ; •
PORT TOWNSEND— SaUed Oct 20— Nor
stmr Tellus, for Taku and Shanghai; bktn
Alta, for * M^"»»; bktn Northwest, . for ' Saa
Pedro. •'. -¦-- ' ¦
SOCTH BEND— Arrived Oct 20— Schr Mar
coni, from Grays Harbor. .
- SAN PEDBtO— Arrived , Oct 20 — Stmr Pren-
Usb. fromBowens Landlna;; stmr Fulton, from
Portland; schr "W F ¦ Wltzemann, from Grays
Harbor: stinr Centralia, hence Oct 17.-
Sailed Oct 20 — Stmrs James S ¦ Higzlns aad
Homer for San Francisco. '
- GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 20— Schr
Letitia. for Saa Francisco; achr Otlllle Fjord,
for Santa Barbara: - schr Corinthian, for San
Francisco r scar Philippine, for San Pedro; schr
W F Jewett. for San. Dtejro; brig Geneva, for
Geraldton: achr Marconi, for WUIapa Harbor;
stmr Chehalis, for Saa : Francisco.
WESTPORT— Sailed Oct 2«>-atinr Westport,
for San P«dro. '-^ AU'illUHllUM
PORT BLAKELET— Sailed Oct 20— Schr
Americana for San-PeJro. ! sfr > : *. i !^ s^ i1> '*K
- PORT ¦ HADLOCK — Sailed " Oct 20— Bktn
Northwest, for San Pedro. - - - ., .-,
. ¦ .',_ island; ports. V
. . fjLEELE — Arried Oct 17 — Bktn Enccre, from
Newcastle, .Ana,' via." Honol-olo. ¦¦¦'¦:. .-,": ' ?
• HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 20— TJ S stmr Buf
falo, for Saa Francisco. . t ' '-a "". '- r '. ¦
. . „ EASTERN 'PORT. . ¦
NEW • TORK— Arrived ' Oct ; 19^-Stmr i Ad
vance, from* Coion.- - .;...'-. - -•. -¦¦
'FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct ISP-Schr J H Luns-".
rnann. from Hakodate: stmr Umatilla, heacs
Oct IT. ' : ¦-:>• -¦• :i-r--"r:.* : . '< -.--J-r-t.- ¦<
' Sailed Oct 19— Stmr Hamboldt.' for Skagway.
SAG RES — Passed Oct fr— Br - stmr Hyson,
from Tacoma, for Liverpool. .. . -. ' ; -¦.-¦' -:
ARRIVED.
Thnrsday, Oct. 20.
Stmr F A Kllborn. Thomeson, I hours from
• Port Roigers. - • -
. Stmr Shasta^ Hansen. 85 hours froia San
Pedro. i*<
Stmr Booita NIcolson, €2 boors frcm San
Pedro and way pcrts. ,.
Etmr Corona, Gielow. IS hoars from Eureka.
Stmr Del Ncrte, Payne, 34 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Point Arena, .Miller. IS hours from
Mendoctno. via Pcict Arena 12 hours.
8tmr Santa Ro€a. Alexander, 42 hours t rora
Ean Diego and way aorta.
Stmr Santa Crox. Alberts, 11 hoars from
Eas Pedro, etc
Stmr CHpay^ Gray.' 22 hoars froa Monterey.
Ship Star of. Italy, Wester, 20 days from
Pyramid Harbor. . . . -
- Baric Servia, Nelson, 11 ij days from Karluk.
Scar.. Jennie Gri'Sn. Gibson, 3 hours from
Bolinas; -
CLEARED..
.-' Thursday. Oct. 20.
Stmr CaliSornian. Daw. Seattle and Tacoma;
Williams. Dtrnond A Co.
Btmr Ventura, Hayward. Sydney, via Hono
lulu; J D Soreckela * Bros Co. .
Susr Maripcaa, " Rennie, . Tahiti; J D Spreck
e!s oc Bros Co.- ¦--'¦'
Fr shlo Ducheese de Berry, . . Qnsens
tews; Girvta A Eyre.
Br this Wanderer. Duaalas;, Seattle; W R
Grace. '
Bark Kaiubtni. Colly. Honolulu; Williams,
Dimcnd & Co.
SAILED.
Tbnrsday, Oct. 2a
' Ster F A Kilburn, Thcmcson, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Magrle. Eagles, Hsifmooa Bay.
Stmr Cur«ka, Jessen. Koreka. .
Stmr State of California, Nlcolson. San
Dt"»go.
Stmr Marisosa, Bennie. Tahiti.
S trr.r G«o Looomia, Badger. Seattle.
Stmr Ventura. Hayward. Sydney, Auckland
and ¦ Pago Pago. via. Honolulu. - ;
Star Harold Dollar. Thwing. Petropaulovski.
Ger stmr Xicarla, Rubarta, Hambursr and
way pnrts.. ,
Stmr CVlia. Eaalth, Albion.
atxr Pomo. Ah'.tn. Alciotx. ¦ • .
Bark KaiuUnJ. Colly. Honolulu.
Schr Oceania Vance, Beattie, Grays Harbor.
Schr Chas R Wllscn. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
¦ Schr Saivator. Otoers;, Grays Harbor.
Tug Dauntless, Sbea, Be wens Landing, to
tow schr Eosiie K vi Saa Francisco.
.CORRECTION.
The ssISUnz cl schr Seb^me "from Port Had
locic yesterday was ¦ an error; It should read
SPOKEN.
Oct 15— La* 46 N. long U W. Br ship WU
liam Mitchell, from Antwers, for San Fraa-
CiSCO. . - '. '¦ . ;
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LO BOS. Oct 20. ID d m— Weather
hazy; wind KE; velocity eight miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOai A — Sailed Oct ' 1>— Stmr Saa Mateo.
for San Fraadsco: Ger ship Peru, for Queeaa
tows. Oct -20 — Nor stmr Hera, for Chemulpo. '
Arrived. O«t '3C^-Fr baric Desalx. from Vic
toria.*- *¦ j^_' '' '" s " " " ' •""
EVERETT — Sailed" Oct '20— Schr. Baagor, far
fan Di«gO. •' ' . ,' '-"¦'.. ' .
- ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 19 — Stmr Columbia,
for San Fra«ciscoi. . Oet 20 — Fr bark Brizeux.
for Queenstowar~ Ger shla Emllle, for Queens
town.. - . '- ¦¦"--"'-¦•• - ¦'•.».':-* i,":?'-
Sailed Oct SO— Schr S T Alexander, for San
PedrQk^*IiliNM0*AtR9BflE~3pflP5^p^3 a Xttf'*4MMH'HBa
GUALALA— Sailed Oct 19— Schr Bessie K,.
for Ssa Fraaciaco.- •..";<:••"¦ ,
.~ EUREKA— Arrrived r Oct 2O—Stmr Lakme,
henee • Oct - 17,* with » schr Vine • in tow; -atmr
Paaadena. hence. Oct 18; stmr Pomona,' hence
Oct is»^- • : .,; ; ¦ ""*'¦ ;¦: -~ ... ¦; '- ~ ,
SHIPPIXG ' INTKLIJGEXCE.
TO ARRIVE. 1
Steamer. From. | I Due.
Elizabeth Cotjullle River {Oct. 51
Chlco......... Coquille River Oct. 21
Alliance...... Portland & Way Porta.iOct. 21 '
Argo Eel Klver Ports Oct. 21
Homer San Pedro ....Oct. 31
Columbia..... l"ortland * Astoria.... Oct. 21
S. Barbara... 3an P>tdro ;Occ 22
San Pedro...- Mumboldt Oct. 22 ;
C. Nelaoo..... can Pedro 'Oct. 22
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.[0ct. 22 i
Chehalis Grays Harbor ..'Oct. 22 I
J. Hlggina.... San Pedro |Oct- 22 I
Cogs Bay..... San Pedro A Way Pta. Oct. Zl I
laqoa..,. Portland & Astoria Oct. 23 '
Breakwater... Coos Bay Oct. 23
Arctic... Humboldt Oct. 23
Eureka........ Humboldt ......... Oct. 23
Pomona...... t- Humboldt .......^ Oct. 23 j
City Pucbla... fuget Sound Ports. ... Oct. 23 [
Newburg....- Grays Harbor Oct. 2*
Norwood...... Seattle Oct. 2*
Redondo Portland & Astoria. ... Oct. "2*
Centra!!* San Pedro Oct. 24
S.Monica Grays Harbor .....[Oct. 24
Doric... China & Japan ...|OcC 24
State of Cal. . . San Diego & Way Pta. Oct. 24
G. Ltndauer.. Grays Harbor ........ Oct. 23
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. Oct. 23
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma .Oct. 23
Alameda Honolulu ...:.... Oct. 23
City Panama.. New York via Anctm.: Oct. 28
G. W." Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 28
Corona Hmnboldt .........:... Oct. 24
Curacao Mexican Ports ..(Oct. 27
Bonlta Portland Sk Way PortsJOct. 27
Point Arena... Mendocino & Ft. Arena. lOct. 27
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts.fOcL 27
Umatllla....... Puget , Sound Ports |O«. 28
Saxonia.;....- Hamburg & Way PortsiOct. 3»
North Fork... Humboldt ......... Oct. 29
Sierra.. ;. Sydney & Way Ports. Oct. 31
Rainier....-.- Seattle & Bellingham..|Oct. 31
TO. SAIL.
Steamer!" Destination. I Sails. PHr.
October 31. f-
Ellzabeth... Coquille River ....I 5 pm Pier 20
Northland.. Astoria & Portland! 3 pm Pier 27
O. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier W
Jeanie ...... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
October 22.
Honiara. ... Seattle & Tacoma. 4 pm Pier 11
San Pedro... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Corona...... Humboldt"......... l:30p Pier »
Point Arena. Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier . 2
Bonlta Newport & Way... 8 am Pl«r 11
Queen....... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amipler 9
City Peking. N. Y. via Ancon. 12 mi Pier 40
Aurelia..... Astoria & Portland 5 pm|Pier 27
October - 23. . I
S.Rosa..... Sao Diego & Way. 9-amfPier 11
K. For*..... Humboldt .....".... 5 praPter 20
F. Leggett..',Lo» Angeles Ports. 12 m|Pi« 2
Alliance.... Eureka &. Coos B- 9 am Pier 18
October 24.
Redondo.... Los Angeles Ports: 10" am Pier 2
S. Barbara.. Grays H.arbor ...v 4 pmlPler 2
Centralia... Grays Harbor ¦-'.... 4 pmfPler 10
S. Monica. .. Los Angeles Forts. 10 am Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria 4 Portland 11 amtPier 2*
Chico ... Coquitle River .... 1 pm|Pier : 2 ;
Arcata...... Coo* B. & Pt. Ortd 12 miPler 18
October 25. :.l \_ .
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct. . 3 pm Pl«r S
Pomona.".... Hamboldt l:30p Pier #
Chins. China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40 i
A I saa. China 4t Japaa...; .-.-... i Pier 4O
B^rv-ka...... Ucmboldt ......... 8 am Pier 13
- October 26. - ¦ :\:-?A <r^,: .-.*
Ar?"-:>: Humboldt ........". 9 amfPier 2
Cooa Bay... 3«n Pedro * Way. 9 am Pier U
¦ . October 27. ¦*¦¦:•- ¦; <¦"¦-..
City Puebls., 1 Puget. Sound Ports. 11am Pier »
Pomo. Pt. Arena. & Albion <s pm Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego A Way. 9 am Pier II
. October S3.
G. Ltndauer. Grays Harbor. .". . . 4 pra Pier 10
Norwood...- Seattle - tt .Tacoma. ;..... Pier
Nawburg.:.. Grays Harbor..... 4 pmJ"ler 10
Sequoia..... WHlapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
\.A--i-w:-' ."•-•- -¦'.- October 39. :¦:...,.:. • • ,-, .¦•¦;
Alameda.... Honolum «_:. :...... U am Pier T
O. W. EUder. Astoria 4 Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose..:. N. ' Y.' vis, ' Ancon. 13 m Pier 40
--•••• •'•¦•¦¦; 'October 30. v -"^jr-'rf
Centennial .1 Seattle ' A -Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20.
; ..;. V-": :-c T- ' ;. " ;; FROM - SEATTLE.:- ;
Steamer. '- ; .-.Destination.-, ft=Ml»~;
Cottage Cltyl.- SUagway ,** Way Ports. Oct.* H
Dciphia....... Skagway ; & Way j Ports. Oct. 23
aty Seam*:: 1 . Skagway * Way Ports. [Oct. 2t '
Santa Clara.. J Seido via * Way * J orta..|Nov. X'ir
Movements of Steamers.
<nnnai Report of Pacific Coast Com
pany Made in >"evr York.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20. — The annual report of
the Pacific Coast Company for th» year ending
J'3"# 30. Issued to-day, shows total earnings
cf $3 &C2.972. an Increase cf $238.213 ; total ex
penditures $4,717,843. an Increase of $323.ie8:
net earnings S1.1S3.C29. a decreaae of |2tt,94S.
The turplus for the year, altar paying divi
dends and other charge*, is *1.717.2t57, an In
crease of *2«8.72tJ.
The Increase in operating expenses is ac
counted for in the annual report by repairs and
renewals, formerly charged to steamship de
preciation and rtnewaL fond, which are now
charrtd to operating expenses. There was ex
pended aad charged to operating expenses for
repairs and' renewals to engines, boilers and
equipment. $403,823. an increase of $139,771.
Additional steamship*, says the report, could
be operated to advantage and, in view of the
contiguous Increase cf business and popula
tion cf the Pacific Coast, it may be wise to
build or purchase, in the near future, at least
two modem vessels.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
• . Time and Height of High and Low. Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority ot the
Superintendent. •«.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at \
the city front <Mis*lon-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height '
of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 21. j
Sun rises 8:24
Sun seta •. ..^....5:25
i Mooa seta -..3:37 a. m.
! e (Time ' JTlinel (Time! ITiiaeJ
5 _ Ft. ( ! Ft. I f Ft. I Ft.
• Ta W iH Wl |L Wl JH W|
21 3:05 1.31 9: IS 5.1 3:47 1.5110:061 4.6
22 3:33 1.5'lO:17 5.1 4:21 1.1 10:301 - 4-*
S3 4:13 l.S'lO:42 5.1 4:53 OS Us32 4-«
24 4:45 2-0|ll:02 5.2' 5:23 0.5
I H Wl L W H W L W ' • •
I 25 0:1V 4.5! 5:17 • 2.ril:2S 5.2 8:02 0.2
j 26 0:5b' -Mi 5:.h>' 2.3111:52 5.3 «:42| 0.1
J27 1:«1 4.2f 6:2s 1 , 2.7|12:30| 5.2| 7:271 ttO
I NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides :
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
! day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the i
! day. except when there are but three tides, aj :
sometlmei occurs. The heights given are la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minoa ( — ) ;
«!gn precede* the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. - The plane of reference is the meaa
cf the lower low waters.
URGES MORE STEAMERS.
GUALAJLA. Oct 20 — Schr Beuie K. which
¦tailed frcm here at noon yesterday for San
Francisco, returned here ta-day with ma
chinery disabled. Taz Dauntless has left San
Francisco to tow vessel there.
• ' LONDON. 1 Oct' lJ>-^Punta Arenas reoorts Br
•tmr Albnfra. from New Caledonia for Dela
ware Breakwater, ashore "here, made contract
to Include texaperary repairs to cost probably
£3000. Cargo, except 150 tons Jettisoned, Is un
damaged. - '
LONDON. Oct 20— Stmr Minnesota, from
Norfolk for San Francisco, arrived at Bahla
for 300 tons of water for boilers.
3Iemoranda.
-, ; A*- suit to- compel tlxe transfer of
150,000 shares of sto«k in the McAI
pine Minina; Company was bejrun yes
terday by. E. B. Burdlck against Frank
R. Whiteomb, the Joaquin Oii and
Mining Company and F. W. McLean.
Burdick * claims that the stock is due
him under a contract with Whiteomb
whereby the former was to have a
commission of $5000 for 0114111? a pur
chaser for the McAlpin? mine in Tuol
umne County at a price of $50,000.
Burdick found a purchaser in S. E.
Riejr. who made an arrangement with
Whitcomb to organize a corporation
and Whitcomb was given 278,000
shares of stc-
Wants Shares for Commission.
" - > (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20, 3 p. m.
! The following Ti^TiTmm aod minimum tem
'¦ peratures are reported for the previous day :
Boston 54-5Of New Orleans 82-<51
. Chicago *? 74-4SI Philadelphia . . . -<H>-M
i Cincinnati 82-58^Plttsburg 8O-8O
JacksonvUla 73-7OSt. Louis 72-43
' New -York . ... 4 .«2-5Si Washington 74-64
SAN FRANCISCO 78-ft>
The following are the- seasonal rainfalls to
! date an compared with those of the same dat«
; last season, and the rainfalls In the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last . This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ¦* '...; 3.27
Red Blcff 0.00 S.43 0.4*
Sacramento 0.00 5.47 0.12
San Francisco ... 0.00 7.45 0.17
Fresno 0.00 4. 98 0.00
Independence 0.00 O.47 O.42
S. L. Obispo O.0O 4.59 0.02
Los Anreles 0.0O 1.13 0.43
San Diego 0.00 0.13 0.07
! THE COAST RECORD.
3 | 3 || 35^ j; g
STATIONS. - ?= » 3 3§ ?"*»
I I I : : I
Baker 3O.4O 62 34 NE Clear .00
Carson 3O.34 «2 3i> NE Clear .00
Eureka 30.12 74 5O W Clear - -«O
Fresno ..30.10 7« 44 NE Clear . .0<>
8. E.FarallonJO.06 78 59 E Clear .00
FlagstaS -.30.10 50 34 NE Clear .00
Focatello 3O.38 B8 30 SW Clear ,00c
Ir-dependence .30.13 72 44 N Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 23. 34 58 68 W Oear .00
Mt TamaIpals.3O.lS 68 S# NE Clear .00
North Head.. 30.32 58 60 N Clear .00
Phoenix 20. 9* S4 44 NE Clear .00
Point Reyes. .3O.06 £O 57 E Clear .0<>
Portland 30.28 68 46 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 30.08 82 60 N Clear .00
Roeeburg ....30.22 «8 48 NW Clear .01
Sacramento . .30.08 78 4S E Clear , .00
Salt Lake. ...30.40 54 32 NW Clear .58
Saa Franctsco.30.10 7S 60 N Clear .00
3. L 0bispo.30.00 90 60 N Clear .00
San Dfego 29.90 78 62 NW Clear .00
SeatUe 3O.38 64 44 NW Clear .00
: Spokane Co. Sri * 36 S Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.36 54 50 E Cloudy .»W
Walla Walla.30.32 74 48 E Clear .&>
Wtoneniucca .30.38 64 32 NE Clear .00
Yuma 29.92 88 66 N Oear .00
WEATHER CONDmONS A_XP GENERAL
FORECAST.
" Fair weather continues on the Pacific Slope,
except in Northern Washington, where rain Is
falling. In California the temperature along
the coast is from 12 to IS decrees above the
normal, bat coder weather may be - expected
by Saturday. Afternoon temperatures have
been as high as 90 degrees along , the coast
scuti; of Point Conception. .
. Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, October 21:
¦ Northern California — Fair Friday. . becom
ing cloudy at night; cooler; light i easterly
wind, changing to westerly.
- Southern California — Fair .Friday; cooler;
light northeast wind, changing to westerly.
Nevatfa — Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday:
not so warm: cloudy at night; light northeast
wind, changing to westerly.
Los Angelea and vicinity — Fair Friday; cool
er; light northeast wind, changing to westeriy-
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair .Friday; light
•artarty wind.
Fresno and vicinity — Fair Friday.
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE,
District Forecaster.
Chna Bioreen«ea. mate -of the steamer Na
tic«ai City, came to the Harbor Hospital yes
terday afternoon witb a severely lacerated
ra-re. Joha Dew. a fierce and bad sailorman, !
bad come aboard the vessel and after aa
ncsmcK^ that the mate's h«ad was shaped
liia- « box pmee«ded to fcaacMT it into another
fans. BJorcensen evidently objected to have
his head beaten into ary ether shape as he
were out a warrant for the arrest cf Sa:lcr
man J. Dew.
The bi* Great Northern ateamer Minne
sota put into Rah!« tor water, and after tak
lc« aboard 800 tons resumed her trip to thia
port.
Th« Oriental aad Occidental User Doric,
bound for Saa Fraacuco. arrived at Yoko
hama yesterday, and the United States steam
er BafTaJo sailed Irotn Honoluia for " F-an
ej»co. " *
The ship Star of Italy and the bark Servia
arrived yesterday from th« north with cargoes
at •alrcon.
H. D. L«land ha* taJcea command of ti«
•teamer State of California, superseding H
C. Tliocu.
?
Watef Front Xotes.
San, 3Ioon and Tide.
Branch Hydrographte Offlce. U. S. N% Mer
chants" Exchanse. £aa Francisco. C*L.
' October 20. 1904.
The time ball failed to^dwp ggg^^
Lieutenant. U. *S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
AmoEa; the veaaeia bound for thia port are
•tx Xarge Asencaa steel steamen from New
Tcrk. They are the Alaskan. Nebraskan,
«=nam. Hawaiian. On^aaiaa and American.
From PhU«de;pfcla the il K. Plaat u coi=i-«
and from SmUOt the Minnesota^ COI =~«
Frors Haafccrs; comes aaotaer fleet— tie
5ax;ru. Memptis. Hen«, NeJto, AiBbi" Aaa!
m S 2 * 3 - rrc= Hl »»;*==X comes the
m. a. UoLar and from Java the Germanicua.
From Kobe ere the Axtec and Doric, and from
a '- r '-» are the Thcma*. Sheridan and - Sut>-
PO^. r^ r '^'-'^ ez r^Tta the fi»erra aad Ala-
C: the jaUing vessels there are coals* irrym
at HsTaiiat Iajmds 14 tram Apia, Card:2
Du=Kirk. Genoa. Hakodate. Shanghai and lie
» trtta ports «»ne each: Ltverpo.il 2. Rotte-
i— ni ., Swansea «S. Newcastle. EsrUjid. 11.
mil Newcastle, Australia. 13 Tot*" P.?
Xxmk ot the Sctiooner Alice Kimhan.
i oaamsg cloee^r on the report of the loss
cT tie sefcoon-r .Mice Kisball Wednesday
ESBftt near the Slaslaw Rrrer an the Oregon
eoa«. csibm the accc«nt cf the accident to
¦e ivir^tili r»»rftTn«j schooner Bessie K. She
e»:.e- Craaa Uualala River iar tiu» port Wed
reuoay *nd ter maciiaery becomisc; disabled
t mm. si* rcRirced v> Gaiau. fie will t*.
1 t< " eJS FVuaaaco By the «jj DauaUess.
• is* Aj:ce KrmbaU anchored cSf the a^uth
tf the Si^slaw River and was blcwn oa the
txraci darisg the nisit. The crew swam
aster- ard proeuri=x> a rowboat rescued the
owner . <-^crge Martia. a=d his wire trho
wer» ab.-^rd the vane!. The schooner Is a
tctal leas and was not insured.
I>amages in Del Xorte Case
tnlr.ee States Corsmissicner 3Iors« resorted
yerter-'-fcy ta Cnitt-d States District Jadse <Je
Kaven *5« 1« damages and interest, wfeich
Ehculii be paid to th* lit-elant under the "judg
i=-ct is the suit of Tacctaa and Roche H"rbor
fafaM Compaar vs. the steamer Del Xorte The
libelant la owner of tie barkentine W. G
Irwta. whtch was injured by a collision la the
hay w-.th rie Del Kert*
Teasels for This Port.
Weather Report.
HONGKONG — Sailed Oct 19 — Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
GUAT31AS (and not Ma 7a t la aS— Sailed Oct
17 — Stmr Curacao," for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 20— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Oct 1, via Honolulu. . ,
SINGAPORE — Arrived prior to Oct 20— Br
stmr jfhlznosa. from New Tork, for Manila. *
CALLAO — Sailed Oct 19 — Ger stmr Memphis,
for San Francisco; Ger stmr Saxonia, for San
Francisco*
SUEZ— Arrived Oct 2O— Scan itmr Isla d«
Panay. from Manila, for Liverpool.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr La Toaralne,
from New York. "• "" - '• \
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed Oct 2O— Stmr Fries
land, from LiverpocI, for Philadelphia; stmr
Baltic, from Liverpool, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 20 — tjtrar La Ivj
raine. for Havre; stmr Republic, for Gibraltar,
Naples and Genoa: stmr Bluecher, for Ham
burs, via Plymonth and Cherbourg; stmr Nu
midlan. for Glasrow. „
• Arrived Oct 20 — Stmr Deutscaland. from
Haniburg;; stmr Pennsylvania, from Hamburg;;
stmr Main, from Bremen.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Oct 20— Stmr
Switzerland, from Antwerp.
LEGHORN— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Calabria,
from New York, via Naples. .
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Oct 19 — Stmr Ma
jestic, from New York; stmr Saxonia. from
Boston; stmr Merton. from Philadelphia.
Sailed Oct 13 — Stmr Bavarian, for Montreal,
via Movflle.
NAPLES — Arrived Oct 20 1 — Stmr Canopic,
from Bostra.
DOVER — Arrived Oct 20 — Stmr Pretoria,
from New. York, for Haznburr. and ' proceeded
(was delayed by fee In the channel).
zinc. 2S plcg» mi::*ork. 5 bales t*rtne. 40 cs
soap. 23 tens sand. 20 cs caudles.
To Sanioan Island * — 2T3 cs . canned 8 pk gs
pickled nimoa, 30 bb's flour. &4 pk£s potatoes.
33 pkg* n-jnr~* 334 cs canned (roods. 25 pk^s
fresh frsits. . S3 pices i rrocertes ' aad provisions.
£145 lbs rice. 27 ga.ls wine, 473 lbs dried fruit,
1440 lbs eodash. 430 lbs lard. 7 pkgf beer. 195
pkga naval storesw 35 pkss. drugs and medi
cines, 3 ex arras and amnrcnitlcn. 13 pk.gs
paints, 9 pkss dry goals, 2103 ft lumber, IS cs
torts and shoes. ¦ ¦ . - ! . .
To N«w Zealand— 123.53T lbs dried fruit.
153.715 lbs raisins, 2SOI cs canned fruit. 1038
pkgs fr-ih fruits, 21.Ua) lbs hops, 6560 lba cod-
Ssh, 2501 ctls barley, 156 «ral« wine. 175 crts
oelma. 5tM ra canned aaiatcn. 58 cs assorted
canned sooda. 525 lba beans. 63 cs table prepa
rations. 1706 lbs ceffee. 120 cs cigarettes. 106
rk?^ rooir* material.'- 53 bxs Map. 5 bales
rubber hose. 16 cs plows, 257 pkjs metal polish,
1# cs dross. 1W Eitgs newspaper. 42 cs boots
and sbc-9. 7 bbis lubricating ells. 75 pkgs tna
chinery. 3S bdls 9 pes pine.
Ta Australia — IS. ISO- lbs dried fruit. 35,065
!ba 300 bxs raJsias. ?3.*13 Ifcs.bopa. 3020 s pkjrs
fresh fruits. 25,422 lbs coffee, 23.450 lbs cod
fish. 6H'.» rs canned saltr.on. 15 bbls 225 half
bbU pickled salnoa, 207 ca assorted canned
gwdsv 40,430 lba asphaltuni. 166 pkgs machin
ery. 27 pkys sewing machines. 2S4O lbs salt
hides. 1176 bdls Iron. 23 tales leather. 4337 lbs
solders 8 bales overalls. »4 cs paints. 9 bbls
l;riricatingr on. -25 flasks quicksilver, 4S es boots
iad aboea. IS bale* rubber hose. 51 pkgs dry
ir-joiis. 16O cs drup-s and sundries. 9 cs arms
and ammunition 743 pkrs metal polish, 213
pkff* rocfi=* material. 70 Ekffs pipe and fitting*,
S bales duck.
T> FIJI Islinds-^M c» aswjrted canned roods.
19 cs canned ««.linon. *" es table preparations,
30 pk*s fresh frnlts. 15 crts cnlona. 15 pkrs
dried fruit. 3 c» cneese. 6 cs dry roods.
Tr> £outh Africa — 10Q cs canned salmon, 2
plcss nuicttiTiery. — - : — — ---- v — *-«—'- " " ',
To Xew Caledonia — 18 cs canned fruit. 10 e»
canned salmon, 5 cs codfish.
THE WELL-KNOWN SCHOONER ALICE KIMBALL. WHICH WENT- ASHORE ON THE OREGON COAST DCB1NG A SUDDEN
BLOW. AND 13 A TOTAL LOSS. HER OWNER AXD HIS WIFE, WHO WERE ABOARD THE WRECKED VESSEL, WERE
WITH CONSIDERABLE DIFFICULTY RESCUED. " " - *
Since the model for the Impressive fe- j
male figure was completed 6y Robert I. ;
Aitken eight months ago the foundry \
people have been hard at work in as- ;
sembling materials and men. . and in ¦
casting the several sections of the fig- -
ure. Long before the sculptor's model
reached the foundry skilled artisans
from France were sent for. These are
men who hold the secret of casting &
bronze by a method unknown to the
workmen of any other . country. The
Frenchmen brought with them a pe
culiar modeling clay that is > essential
to ' their process '.. of bronze-casting.
From start to finish the actual work in
bronze has been done by the French
men, and the final result has fully at
tested their efficiency. .So jealously
have they guarded their secret that
they even refused the assistance of
American apprentice boya, for fear
that these would learn the methods.
At present the statue consists of six
sections that repose In different parts
of the foundry. In a few. days these;
sections will . be joined, the seams filled ;
and the largest single figure yet cast on
thC Pacific Coast will be ready for Its i
pedestal. The figure is that of a full-!
draped female \ crowned with bay j
leaves, the features classical and the!
hair dressed ~ in Grecian fashion. In;
her right hand she holds a spear, while j
in her left is an extinguished torch I
with palm branches. 1
The statue will be mounted on a
square granite column, en the front of
which will be a large marble medallion
of William McKlnley, and at the base,
on the four sides, a convenient seat.
The whole shaft will be on a circular!
granite platform reached by steps sur
rounding the entire edifice. The un-t
veiling will probably take place about J
Thanksgiving day. • -. ;
The committee having charge of the j
monument consists of James T>. Phelan. •
president; A. A. Watklns. vice presi
dent; Captain Robert Eletcher, secre
tary; D. J. O'Leary, Rolla V. Watt.
William Greer Harrison, and B. J. S. {
Cahlll, supervising architect. The late
Irving M. Scott was also a member at
the committee. Louis de. Rome has
had charge of the entire work at the !
foundry/" • . ~ ' ¦ j
- The casting- in bronze for the .monu
ment that Is to be erected In the Park
Panhandle - to : the memory of William
McKlnley took place . yesterday after
noon at the Globe Brass and B«ll
Foundry, 126 Main street, in the pres
ence of the monument committee, art
ists, architects and students of the
Mark Hopkins Art Institute. The final
casting passed without a bitch, and in
a few days the sections of the huge
fifteen-foot bronze figure will be joined
together and sent to the Baker-street
entrance of the park, where the pedes
tal awaits it.
After lengrthy arguments on each
side the court reserved bis Judgment,
intlmatine, however, that he Would
decide in "favor of Chlttenden.
The case wa3 opened by Manson F.
McCormick, assisted by Everts & Ew
ing of Fresno. Truman & Oliver and'
Bishop, Wheeler & Hoefler of San
Francisco. Frank H. Gould and E. O.
Miller of Visalia represent the Admin
istrator of Tulare County. Gould's con
tention is that the Tulare County Ad
ministrator is entitled to the letters
because his application was filed three
days before Chlttenden's; but Chit
tenden's attorneys claim that in the
absence of proof to the contrary the
letters issued are good.
Af ter denying several attempts to
delay the matter till the Tulare County
court and the probate court of New
York could be heard from. Judge
Church went on with the case. BJx
and Ewing argued that Gould had no
standing in court, being shut out
by his failure to protest- The court re
served a ruling on this question.
FRESNO, Oct. 20.— "A scramble over
a dead man's bones," aa Frank H.
Gould, one of the attorneys In the
case, termed it, was in progress all
day before Superior Judge Church.
The court heard a rcotion to. set aaido
ths letters of administration Issued" to
Public Administrator R. D. Chitten
den of Fresno in the $300,000 estate of
John Davis. The estate waa mainly
derived from Samuel Davis, an ec
centric millionaire of San Francisco,
who died last September. The Admin
istrators of three counties — Tulare,
San Francisco and Fresno — are con
cerned in the fight.
Sp-ecial Dispatch to The Call.
The Oceanic Company's steamship
il^riposa. sailed from Pacific-street
wharf at 11 o'clock yesterday morn
ing with freight and many passengers
for Tahiti. Three hours later the
liner Ventura left the same dock for
Honolulu and the Antipodes. She
carried a full cargo and a big passen
ger list. The wharf was crowded with
friends of the departing travelers, as
sembled to bid them good-by. In the
cabin were sixty-four passengers for
Honolulu, thirty-five for Auckland,
five for Pago Pago and seventy-two
icr Sydney.
Purser E. H. Backman of the Ven
tura, who has been East on a vaca
tion, resumed his position on the ves
sei- '-.?-";...
F. H. "Workman, one of the passen
g-ers. went to Sydney without his
trunk. As the gangplank was being
hauled in he hurried down the wharf
«.nd ran aboard. The expressman lift
ed the trunk to the edge of the -wharf
and a line being thrown to him he
took a secure turn around it, but he
¦would not permit the trunk to be
hauled aboard the steamer until he
had received his pay. "Workmen ar
pied with the expressman, but the
latter had possession and threatened
to cut the rope if the deck hands tried
to haul the trunk away from him
While the wrangle was going on the
\encsra backed out from the wharf
and the rope was cast off. But in
pulling the line aboard the ship the
trank waa dragged overboard into the
bay and as the Ventura straightened
?" J° r , ***. -^tipo<ies the faithful
.rusk ofa faithless owner tried to fol
low. Two longshoremen hauled it
from the bay and up on the dock with
the water pouring out of it. The liner
is now well down toward Honolulu
end the trunk with its ruined contents
is waiting at the Harbor poliee sta
tion.
Golden Gate Panhandle the
Site Chosen for Unveil
ing Aitken's Fine Work
Administrators of Three
Counties Claim Right to
Handle Legacy of a Miser
Gasoline Schooner, the
Bessie K, Damaged
Off Gualala.
WILL ADORN THE PARK
AEGUMEXTS ARE HEARD
Large Statue to Top the Mc-
Kinley Monument t Soon; to
Be Beady for Mounting
Fleets of Sailing and
Steam Vessels Are
Bonnd Here.
Fresno Is Scene of Legal
Battle Being Waged for
Control of Dead Han's Coin
FINISH CASTING
BRONZE FIGURE
BITTER FIGHT
FOR BIG ESTATE
LINERS MARIPOSA AND VENTURA GO
OUT WITH LARGE PASSENGER LISTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, -FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1904.
11
ADVEKTliifcaiE^-TS.
J^^J^fm^3jrlie Gas
Afl ewment 2k>c/ar> states * C^2i§>
'that Jfruzieanessis Caused
iy poor Cooking snJcoztse- Jsp^L
guent feck c^xottri&h^&d^ jt
zdLgss xaige. Cooks EikGooS. Cooks.
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND EL .TRIC CO.. ,
4X5 POST STREET.
Only
Dates Rates
October 1 9, 20 Chicago and tf» >f f\ C f\
26, 27 return *.f *• Jv
St. Louis and fi* C^ff (Tif\
v nipn-ooutnern Facinc
Choice of routes returning
." ¦- r.8OOT¥. o«a. Aru xr. t. m. m. __ .--
* Or any Southern Pacifc Agen t
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
f?jly ,^iay^?Tlssissssssssl E^9BJfej| 'fTJ^^k-
g Brand B
S Evaporated m
g Cream m
Vm is cf uniform quality at aQ 1
WjA seas:ns, ahrays pure. h;avy m 1
rat In consistence, cf delictous M|
Igfl flavor aw} appetlzlEg ap- ¦c^j
pearancc 11
® Ask for the brand with gf
g|the"Heh-etia"caphbeL m
fn k* a^ 5 C 7 s largest pro- l& I
j^a| ducer3 cf Evapcrated ffiwL
JjsMp Cream in the vcrld. fJcehL
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful iMedicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c, and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co..
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 MostffaxacxT Street.
Gisital paid a? ..... $ 600,0 GO
Dfrifcods paid to depositors . 1,655,226
CKA3. CARPT. President.
AUTHUR LEGAIXET. Ylee-Presidsat.
LEON BO-'QtTERAZ. SecretarT-
JOHX GIXTT. Asst. Secretary.
SZJKECTOXS:
Dr. E. Artisues. Chas. Carpr. Leon KauflTmaa.
O. Bozio, 3 J. B. Clot. A. Roes.
Leon Boetraeraz. 3. M. Duras. A. Les^Ilet.
J. A. Berserot. J. 3- Gcdeaa. J. J. Mack.
Iateres? paid en deposits. Loans mad* 03
Real Estate and approved securities.
9 fixstivQ l^roino
Cares a Cold in Oo« Day, Cr$ta2 Days
Schools and Colleges,
LEADING BCSETESS COLLEGE OT THS
WEST.
Over 2* Port st^ 3aa Frandaco. Cal.
Estab. 4O years. Open entire year, day tt nisSt.
Write far etrcalars IfreeX
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S^VC P^v Steamers tear* Broadway
/XM^=-<OJv- -wharras <pter» 9 and tl>.
/'"JT/l ><^ a Francisco:
I ' VT^^I \**\ F=r K <- cbii a3. ¦Wrars?-:.
I I vSL»^ I I Jti= " au - Tr-ad-aretls. Ha;M,
\ \ vMksA/ J Skajway. etc.. Alaska— It
Vra. Vj 40V *- m " ° ctoti * T 12. it. 22. 27.
\ys*^ Nov. L Chanss to thi» com-
pany'* it'im^n »t =<»a£t>.
For Victoria. Vaacoirver.
Port Tomaxrad. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
¦ South B«IHn«!iain. Belll=Bham — II a. m.. Oct.
12. IT. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Chanca at Seattle t-»
this co m pan y" » stearsers (or AU»>a aad O. N.
Ry.: at Scattte or Tacama to X. P. Ry.: a:
Vaacouver t» C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona. 1:33
n. m.. October 13, 19, 2S, 31. Nov. «. Corona.
1:3» p. m.. Oetcber *. 1O. ltJ. 22. ». Nov. X
For Los Anzelea (vtat Fort Lo» Angeles ars.i
Bedondo>. San Dtego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays^ 9 a. ra.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Asseles> «vla Saa Pedn> aad Ease
Saa Pedro), San^ Barbara, Saata Cros. otob-
terey, Saa Simeon. Cayaeosv Port Harfsni <3sj»
Lots Obispo). Veaitra and Haeasrae. ; ,
Bonlta. 9 a. ex.. October 11. 22. 30. Nov. 7.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. October 10. 13. 28, Nov. .1.
For Enaenada. Ua«dalena Bay. Saa Jcse del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax Santa Ko-
> salts. GBaymas (Mex.). 19 a. m.. 7th eacb iso.
For farther Information cbtats folder. P****.:
: Is reserved to chaags steaner* or saillca; dates.
, -TICKET? OmCES— « New Mont?oni-
ery st. (Palaca HoteD. ll> Market st.asd Brrad-
way wharves. Fr^tsrht OSes 10 Market •£
C I>. DtTNAXN. General Passess«r A<ear.
10 Market »t.. San Francisco.
Tie Fadflc Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler st.. wilt
call for and efieek bazaar- from hotels »r..t
res!4«oces. Ttleghone Exchanys ZSZ.
S S. A LAMED A. for Hcnoluta. Cfrt. 29. 11 » m.
g "¦* « SIKRRA. for Hcuotaln. Santos. Aacii-
"land and Sydney. Thursday. Nov. 10. S p. m.
S. &. JtAKIPOSA. for Tahiti. Nov. 23, 11 a. m.
• LD.!rB£CI£LS&EEfll 01, UXMJIIEtoW III-
¦ in giagK egic 323 laid sl Pg T. Pcili fc
coxpassis enzsALS Txxsaxrmtwi
; DIRECT LOTS TO HJkTBS-FJLBI3
£aU2ns every Tharsday taatcmd at -AfHTCt
catuxcay, at !• a. av, from Pter ii ' • J *rTV.~'
Xerth Rlvtr. toot or Mortoa st.
rir»i class ta Havre." t'O and ap-»*rl. S«v
end class to Havre. |U aad upward. QMX-
CRAL AGINCT FOR CNTTSD STATES AN3
CANADA. 32 Broadway «Hodsea btUMtail.
K«w Tork. J. T. FCOAZX * CO.. Paetsa Coaas
Aj^atsL S *te»«cei«ry av*ts»«. Saa Fraadae^
Tlclrata — M by att RaPraad TltUtt Atwm.
TO U. S. NAVY YARDAHO VALLEJO
STEAMEB hTX CORCORAN
'Leave* S. F, Clay St.. N end «f Ferry Udc
dally »J0 a. sx.. 3 aad *s) p. os. Saadays.
$J» a. a.. 8 p. o.. leave TaOeJo daUy »:M
a. m., 12^0 aad 3:30 5. m. Soadays 5 p. au
Fare 25c. P. A. a Co. Phoo* Mala til.
."Satardays neepted. ' .
rox TX. S. 3Tavy Tirf »al TiEtlo.
Sir*. General Frtaoie.' MonOeeOo) mt'Afm.
*:«&*.:&.. VZ.iO-^-m.. 2:13 p-m.. s p.m.. S:30 a.
bx Lea »? Sas Fraaclse» Snaday».»:48 sva.,
12:30 p-m.. * P-s^. 8^4 pm. Lear* Tallsjo, I
a-m.. »a-m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. « p.sa. Saa-
iaym. • *-=-. » a-m.. 3:2O pox. « p. at Ftrr X
ft. UUalfiB. sc; pnoas ttals U4*. HATCH BBO9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, - FRIDAY; OCTOBER! 21, 1004.
12
THE CALL
JOHN' D. SPRECKELS.... Proprietor
Address Communicatlcns to
JOHX McXAUGIlT ? . . .Manager
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department Tou Wish.
Publication Office.*.. Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts.Per Week. 75
Cls. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terras by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order): .:. " A
DAILY CALL Onclud. Sunday). 1 year... $8.00
DAILY CALL Cnclud. Sunday). 6 mos... *00
DAILY CALL— By Pintle Month «5£
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2 5*
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1-00
«7Y-or-f^K- 1 Daily... $8.80 Per Year Extra
En£pl™ KFunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. J weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
• Sample Ccplec will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering- change cf ad-
Crm should b« particular to *ive both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
cuett.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
toil Broadway Telephone Mais X0S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
C«a Center Etreet Telephone North TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
tJLMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
ICEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 81
TTdon Scu&re; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehennan House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tretnont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KBOGNESS. Marquette Building.
(Long: DUtance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
KEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. n.
C27 Montgomery etreet. corner Clay: open until
8:30 p. m.
800 Hayes Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
tS3 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IP41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
JCortheast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2SOQ Fillmore street; open until 9 p. in.
MXETHTO HOTICrS.
CALIFORNIA Comrcandery No. 1, K. «<-X-g
T. — No assembly. ]fll
CHARLES M. PLTJM. Commander. IIJJ
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACD7IC Lodge No. 133. F. and A. m
M.. will meet this evening at 7:SO>*yVf
o'clock. First degree. /VN
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec
MISSION Lodce No. 169, F. and A. »
M. — Officers and members are here- SfV
by notified to attend the funeral of /y/\
our deceased brother. WILLIAM IR-
WIN. Assemble at the hall of this lodge
THIS (FRIDAY) MORNING at 8 o'clock
and proceed to 1356 Geary street, where the
service will be conducted. By order of the
W. M. R. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
CAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3G0. F. «
and A. M. (Mission Temple) — First VV
degree THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING />r\
a.t 7:*5 o'clock. Visiting brethren,
cordially Invited. By order of the W.
M. A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
APOLLO Loflre No. 123. I. O. O. .^a^g^t^
F. — Feccrd <J--er*M? THIS (FRI- lajEffgNSj^
DAY) NIGHT, 6 o'clock sharp.^StfSKSma
All members in good standing
cordially Invited.
ARTHUR BEHREND. It. O.
W. F. NORCROS3. Rec Sec. .
CALIFORNIA LODGE No. 1, K. of P.,
meets THIS FRIDAY at 8 o'clock. *£$£&
Pioneer building:, 24 Fourth st. TCWf
Visitors are cordially invited to at- &(&§£
tend F. O. MOLL. C. C. ¦*~-"^^
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R- and S.
EUREKA Lodge No. 9. K. of P.. 220 .^S*
Oolden Gate a\-e., meets THIS
(FRIDAY) EVENING. Page rank. 73s&
A'.l brother Kr.ithts welcome. >£>5<.
FRED KLEIN, C. C. -«*^^
3. W. C. BEATTIE. K. R. and S.
REGULAR meeting and nomination v C7 >^
of of Hcers of the Caledonian Club q^ &m2
THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. >^<)JK*
Scottish Hall. 11" Larkin st^ "*=»?¦•*
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
tAN FTIANCIPCO Tent No. 15. /W@£*%&k
K. O. T M— Review THI3 P??*i'*ZZt&m
*FR1DAY) EVENING at S ggl O fgS
o'clock. Pioneer Hall. 24 \|&? Zr^^Sj
D. E B. RICHARDS,
Record Keeper. 3^
THE California Debris Commission having re-
cei%-ed application to mine by hydraulic
proceis from N. H. Burger, in Dry Gulch
Gravel Mine, near Pleasant Valley.El Dorado
County. CaJ.. draining Into Clear Creek,
which reaches Coeumnes Rl\-er. glv*s notice ¦
. that a meeting to receive any protests will
be held at room T»6 Flood bldg.. San Frax-
glsco. Cal.. October 31. 1904. at 1 :30 p. m.
AGEITTS WAPTEP.
"WANTED— Experienced high grade solicitors.
Call bet. « and 10, 559 Parrott building.
INKI.ESS fountain pens; sample 15c: dozen
SI 60; retails 25c. FIELD CO.. 119 Bush st.
AGENTS selling Park lots, cart or on the ln-
ftallmfnt plan. 467 Parrott building.
' ATTOagETS-AT-LAW.
TT. MATTHEWS. C32 Market st. — Consultation
free, private end confidential; no advance
fee*; business promptly and legally transact-
ed; collections, mechanics' Hens, tenants
ejected: probate: loans on real estate; safe,
sound investments at highest rate of interest.
B. W. KING. Avtorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 26
years; all courts, general court and offlce
• practice; no fees In advance or for consulta-
tton; evenings by appointment. Tel.Red 3601.
AAA— DIVORCE costs. $12; quick quiet.
Advice free: all law business. -
No charge unless succesrful.
1035 Market et.. cor. Seventh, room 41t.
AITVICE free; divorces a specialty; private.
Quick, cuiet, low fers. no pay in advance.
Estab. 22 yrs. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st
K divorce cannot be obtained for $10 or $12.
AA— Divorce: costs $12:qulck.quiet;advlce free;
all law business: no charge unless success- '
ful: open evenings. 927 Market St.. room 801.
ADVICE free; divorce corts $12: no fees or
corts In advance; all law business- office
open Saturday evenings. 619 Market *t.,r.33.
ADVICE fre*; divorce costs $1J; quick, qulef
ail law business; no charge unless succeiis-
ful:. open eveclngs. 027. Market. . room 204.
L. 6. CLARK. !»27 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free: no fees In advance; open evenings.
ASTHMA CTTRE. *- '
Dl NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly :
10c. 25c, 60c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas*
«1m> Wlshart. inth and Wajhlnrt-on. Oakl and.
ZOREIDE. astro'.ccer: psychic. occulT'anil as'
troioglcal readings. 9 Mason St., rooms l-2. v
ATJTOKOBII.ES. ; * », :.%
WHITE Stanhope. Jn first -clack running con-
ditioa; & snap fcr $300. White Garage. Mar-
ket ar.d Franklin sts.
PIERCK motorettes. one new. one almost new.
ht a bargain. 123 qty Hall ave. .
. BOAaanfo fob cgmaEy.
LADY wanu child ' to board; good care. Ad-"
d r< ,f> 020 Hampshire* st. , * 'X ¦
AJTI> SXTPPtXES. * '
A^L"££' p £i onlll < 2j ' cood No - 2 R«mlngton7^rori
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters - at !
and lower prices; rentals* $2 60. Th»
Typewrlur Exchacge. £36 , California \ st .
t:^ H l A^* D « Jr P ewrtte « 6oJ«. '*¦ rented, repaired.'
Neuter Typerttto* In«pec Co.. .508 Market
Vl llliv ( nil I h l )r \X/l^J A IV vl IT I r« *\
; 1 vylv ; v_#l lv_ylv_*Ju 1. X-/1 J W v Al\ X lvjLlJ J
Frpp to U/apt Advertisers
NEXT SUNDAyS CALL
, . ¦ .-..-. .•..".¦'-...¦.- - . . .
I — I HE Nut Set consists of Six Highly Plated Steel Picks and One Strong Nut Crack.
1 The Bread and Cake Knife is unequaled by any other knife on the market. It is
¦x.^,X the best article ever devised for slicing frosted cake, hot or cold bread or cake, and is
as easily sharpened as an ordinary knife. Any one bringing a Want Ad to our office
=Tnursday, Friday or Saturday^
Will receive his choice of either of these premiums FREE. ,
¦¦'-¦;¦¦¦""" ' -1 .'¦;' ''¦• ¦•.¦..'.""'•¦"" • '' ' ' ' ' '¦' " ¦' ¦-." '--.r'.i ¦;¦¦¦¦ .-' ".¦ :¦ ¦¦.-.--¦.- ..."-¦¦¦/¦ •.:-•"-¦.' "". = • -¦ , ¦ - 7'- l: .:..'\ '•-. . . .
CALL BUSINESS OFFI^ll, l^IilRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE - A 1016 BROADWAY ii|f
. JCTyjPAjClOgA^--ContlBnad.
A — THE Lyo-jum. an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and ttedlcaj «>1-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Fhelan bldg.
E R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Coi-
"lege has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship.
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$30; positions secured; day, ev. 723 Market.
THE Paul Ger«on School of Acting, the larg*»(
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America: positions guaranteeii.
Send for. catalogue. Native Sons' building.
¦ ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. rnech.. suf.
vey. assay, cyanide: day. ere.; est IS64; Vas.
d«r Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market at. Send for catalogue.
A— MOVED to 1281 Market st: large sunny
quarters. Western Business College.
ARITHMETIC, algebra, grammar, writing
eta.. $5 mo.: private. 12S1 Market st. r. 704
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Filipps'sAcadeniy
of languages. 1018 Post: eat. 1871; ablest ProU
O'MALLEY'S Dancing Academy. 11MA O'Far-
rell— Adults Thursday. Juveniles Saturday.
CHICAGO Business College. 1435 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $8 mo.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per ma;
- mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hla-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Pol*, nr. Cat
SHORTHAND taught thofly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. O. Barrett 302 Monts^my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day an<t
PARTINQTON'S. 434 Pins st— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. S4S Halght;
Individual Instruc; all branches; day. m.
CALIFORNIA Business CoDegs. 923 Golden
Oats avg.. 8. F.; 73-p*rs catalog on request.
',__ EagPI.0 TMJtlJIT O y T1CSH.
A — JAPANESE and Chines* employment of So*
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
B. IMURA. 839 Bacramento. Tsl. James 8381.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
general help. "NATIONAL." 309 Htarst s:d.
A — ORPHETTM Employment Offlcs — Jap*n«i»-
'Chtnw help. 420 rpwell st: teL Mala 8733.
JAPANESE-Chiness Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton;
best help. Frits Tam*ga*l.mgr..ULBusa 83».
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flea: all Kinds help. 313 Stockton: Mala B1M.
CHINESE and Japanese help; •stab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. «40 Clay.
EM3Pi.OTanrjrr wAjrrEP— natALS.
ENGLISH surra, also German nurse, also
French chambermaid and governess wl*h
situations. Ses J. F. CROSETT & CO..
334 Sutte r st.
SWEDISH cook, superior and first class.
wishes situation. See J. F. CROSETT A
CO.. 334 Sutter st
WIDOW lady of Integrity, past 40. formerly
school teacher, wishes position as traveling
companion or managing housekeeper. Bos
1455. Oakland Call office.
YOUNG wldcw witn a child would like a situa-
tion as housekeeper. Call 830 Mission at., to-
day. .
GOVERNESS, well educated. - speaks German,
good pianist, best of references to character,
wants a situation. Box 2!M9. Call ofOcs.
YOUNO German laiy wishes position as child's
nurse; can do m«nding; American family pre-
ferred. 777 Cole st
WANTED — A position . as housekeeper by an
elderly woman; city or country. 136 Fifth
st., between Howard and Mission.
SWISS German girl wishes situation aa cook In
respectable German or French family; good
cook; $30 to $35. Address 1554 Polk st.
A STEADY, competent person wisfies a posi-
tion to do general housework In a small
family; wages $20. 6 Rose ave., nr. Market.
NEAT, reliable German lady would like place
In American family of 2 or 3 adults; good
plain cook. Box 3542, Call.
SITUATION wanted by Nova Scotia Protestant
woman In small family; good cook. Call *61
. Hermann st.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would Ilka a place as
housekeeper. Call at 115 Perry st ¦
POSITION- wanted as working housekeeper;
wages $20 a month. Box 3420. Call office.
EXPERIENCED stenographer would like a po-
sition; salary reasonable. Box 3433. Call.
SWEDISH girl wants general housework and
cooking; wages $30. Box 3537, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like to
have place in good family; like good home
more than wages. MRS. RAENKE. 22 Sac-
ranwnto st • .
A YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do
upper work and take car* of a baby or gen-
eral housework in a small family; would g»
to live across the bay. 233% Tehama st.
COMPETENT cook would do downstairs work
and washing or general housework in Amer-
ican family: wages $25 to $30. 2361 Post st..
near Devisadero.
GOOD, reliable young lady seeks position as
bookkeeper; office preferred; can do any
kind of offlce work; references furnished.
Box 3077. Call offlce.
A YOUNG girl 3 months from Denmark
wishes to do light house work, and cars tor
children. Address 32 Shotwell st ; please
call Monday from 10 to 4.
YOUNO man and wife want positions; man
experienced coachman. ¦ do gardening if re-
quired; wife a good cook or second work.
Box 3234, Call offlce.
AN experienced German glrL best references,
desires position as nurse to cars for chil-
dren: country preferred; city or Oakland.
Box 1443. Call offlce. Oakland.
COLORED lady wishes position to do house-
work; is a ccmpeteM nurse; best of refer-
ences. Address 1078 CJay st.
SITUATION wanted as all round cook and d»
. light housework: short distance In country
. preferred. 11CO Powell st.
A WORTHY woman would like a few mars
engagements by the day; can do children's
clothes nicely. Send postal. 443 Sixth st
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by th«
day or week; the best of city references.
Please call at 1260 Howard st
DRESSMAKER. exclusive designs: dinner
and reception gowns a specialty. Box 3450.
Call of flea. - ¦ . . ¦
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wishes po-
sition to do chamber work In country hotel.
Address MRS. J. M.. 436 Sixth st
COMPETENT cook wishes a position In a pri-
vate family. 701 McAllister st; please Tint
i electric bell.
TYPEWRITING, copying, addressing envei
opes; reasonable. MISS EDNA, CRAMER,
Mutual Bank bide, room 806.
A CHRISTIAN lady with little girt wishes po-
sition as housekeeper. Call 12 to 1 p. m. or
6 tt> 7 p. m.. 520 Bush st
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wants position as
second. girl: can do some sewta/:. 11 20 A
Stanran st
WANTED — By a young woman with a child,
position as housekeeper for on* person. Ad-
1 dress box 1453. Call office. Oakland.
A RESPECTABLE woman' wishes general -
housework, in small family. Address 2^i
. Merrttt St.. cor. Hattle.
WANTED— Neat young German girl dssircs
position In a private family to do light housa-
work. Box 3306. Call offlce. ..
A COMPETENT woman wishes work in nice
American family; is a good- cook. Box 32MJ.
Call office. '
TWO reliable women want positions together;
cook and second girl; references; wages cook,
$30 to $35: second work. $25. Box 3021. Call.
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
good pianist- best of references to character,
wants a situation. Box 2949. Call offlce.
COMPETENT woman wculd Ilk* few famtllej
by day. to wash, cleaning or chamber mork.
488 Geary . at. ; ohone Brown 32.
YOUNG lady with best city references wishes
position as chambermaid In hotel Box 3320
Call offlcsktBjGGHHHBEHEOMBBI *
WANTED— Situation as day nurse by middle-
aged lady; experienced. 318Vi Clementina st
A LADY with a child wishes position as houss-
keeper. Call to-day. S30 Mission st.
YOUNG lady; wishes position in glove souse;
some ' experience. Address ; box 273S, Call.
A -RESPECTABLE girl ;. wishes a position in
' bakery. and "candy »tore.". Box, 31*4. Call.
A YOUNG^ lady wishes * a : position ' tor light
housework. Call at 169. Minna st
WANTED— WORK by the day. nous* cleaning
r or washing. Address 115 Hayes «t
tan d ranch offlce, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
BUSINESS CHAKCE3 — Contlnned.
A-CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
8 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chancea.
FOR sale— Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; flne .chance ' for
summer outing, also for winter shooting ana
fishing: completely, furnished and equlppea
for housekeeping; automatic generators^ ror
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything
Btrlctly new and modern; accommodates 1^
people over night; perfect little h °™ < lv^wo e v
obliged to ko East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR eale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city In California; 60 stalls;
rent only $75 per month; well stocked wltn
horses bugRiee. hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; : owners
retiring, cause of eale. CAMERON & CO..
8 Eddy *t '¦-.--¦¦
FOR/sale — Severai good business propositions
for Investors. -such as first-class laundry, ice
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing,
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would-be pleased to have
you call and- inspect our list CAMERON & ;
CO.. 3 Eddy st. . ..;
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate. „
rooming-houses and buslnt ss chances. , CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AN ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city; 7
acres In shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished; 'I
bars, dancinc pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day: electric cars direct: clears $4000- per
year: price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO., 3' Eddy st :
FOR sale — One of the" best hay, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. P.; cheap, rent: horses and wagons; all-
equipments; oreaent owner has - made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
'from *500 to $800 per month: trial Klvenlf-
d>Fir?d ; Dart , down. ¦; CAMERON - St. ; CO. ¦- ¦¦ -'-\
FOR sale— Fine little 3-room cottage and barn:
lot :'.0xl37 feet: all furnished: horse ana;
buggy; fine well; IS minutes' walk from de-
pot;' 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy «t
PARTNER, detective' and collection: estab-
lished business; small capital. Room 25,' 1014
Broadway, Oakland. " ¦
DAIRY for eale. Inquire between 8 and 12
,. a. m.. 1312 Park st. Alameda.
$1000— CORNER saloon;* good location: rent
$35. Inquire 729 Mission; cigar store. . -¦
SALOON for sale, cheap. 514% -Battery st/
opposite Postoffice. ,
SALOON for Bale; flne^ location- in Oakland;'
good business. Address box 1571, Call offlce.
$175 — CANDIES "and pastry; 3 finely furnished
rooms and large basement. « 526 Taylor «t">V
A BRANCH offlce for The Call for the recep-
¦ tlon of ( ad vertisements and subscriptions has
, been opened -at i IOCS Market st, opnoslts
Fifth., Opt-n until 11 y. m. : "?r :
CA^PST^JBEA^rK^AK^VCLEA^fTNG.
C^Sn^R^Ss^DTA^andTvaxuuin Process use*
{ for cleanicff carpets on floor without removal ;
carpets anil rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at chop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
prerscd Air Cleaning Co.," 80S Market st j ;
phones Main; 152- and Bush* 479., ' ;
WHEN you ¦ become 'disgusted ': with • your ' work
i: ecnd'for SPA ULDINO'S. Pioneer Carpet- beat-
r ing worke." 355-357»Tehama st", Tel."; South; 40. r
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning .Works,'' 1809 ! Har-"
rlsun st; Al> cleaning. 3e. - FRED HAGE-"
PORN & CO.; phone Mission 225. .'. , ;
CONKLIN'S Superior 1- Carpet Beating Works",
¦ .¦ 333 i Golden Gate ¦ ave. Telephone . East 1 126. {,
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth ut.— First-class
carpet, cleaning; 3c yard.^ TkV Mission, 74.;.
; ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning '. Co.; 402 Sutter "st. •'
; •. tel."< Main 394. . GEO. \V? ALCOM & CO.; Props;
RUDOLPH & CO/, carpet-beating works; prices
v reasonable. . 1703 Harrison st : tel; Mission 263.
BAD tenants '¦ ejected for ¦ $4 ; ? collections made ;
city cr , country.", . Pacific '. Collection ¦< Co.*.- 415
Montgomery st, rooms 9-10.: Tel.: Main? 55S0.-:
.-' * 'i OIiOTHIKQ * BJBKO VATIITO. ; :.'' .
SUITS cleaned * and I pressed,;! $1 ; ' scouring | and
\ ¦ dyeing."? iBon Marche,. Examiner bldg.7r;410;
¦r_ phone jDrumm? 44.1 Call -for^and?deliver;free.j
A WEEK'S news for » cents-^ThetWeekly.Call.'
16 pages, in wrapper/ for mailing, $l per year.
ASSURED SUCCESS~p : OR"YOUr *
His former $5 reading this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name
and what you want to know. I tell If hus-
band, wife or sweetheart is true or false,
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
will tell everv hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; I will Improve-
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength In- mental and bodily vigor
end luck that insures success In busineM.
mining and speculation; I implant controlling
power In your nature so you can fascinate
any one you desire, win the one you love,
bring back your loved one and cause marriage
with the one of choice. 10 A. M. to 8 P. It
Closed Sunday. 326— O'Farrell st.— 326.
MME. ¦ M. BERNARD — THE FAMOUS
- Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. next Exam-
iner bldg. ;. she reads ' your life ' correctly
gives an accurate description of the past re'
veals the present happenings and portrays
j events to occur in the future;; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not/satlsfled with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult 'this great medium and you will
j be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 23c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
FROM all sections they come to witness the
wonderful demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would it not
be a relief to know how you will succeed.
, to be relieved of the matters that are troubl
ling you and of the schemes of your enemies
that you may meet with better soecssst Then
for a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE.
428 Eddy tt ; 1 three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants: hours 10 a. m.-8 p. m.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant me-
dium. born with double veil and second slrht
gives lucky days; tells past.- present, future!
Ladles 50c: G.. by cards, $1; palmistry, clalr-
voyant sittings. $1 f>0. 303 Jones.- near Eddy.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
ticn; names given; special. $1 ; hours 10 to 3.
ISMAR. . Egyptian seeress. The Vendoma 1104
: Market St.. San Francisco. , Offlce hours — 10
a. m. to S p.m.: Sundays. 10 to 12; -Wednes-
day evening. 6 to S. Phone South 114L •• =;
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clair. and palm.-
reveals Jove, marriage, business, etc.;. L. 80c'
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st
MRS. RICHARDSON.. from London. England
.clairvoyant, card reader. 313 Ellis at.; no
sign. . ;
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advlcs*
names given: 25c up. 8 Ellis st. near Market
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader has
returned; sittings dally. 108 eth st. rooms 1-2.
MME. > ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 2 oc up. 612% Eddy st.: no sign.
MME. GABRIEL, from the East; palmist card
reader. 160 Market St., r. 2,- opp. Phelan bid.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
v er; readings 25c;;2 to 9p.m. 512 Jessie st
; MRS. : BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
¦• teller. ; Is bow at 317 Ellis t
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents^Th*. Weekly CalL
16 pages. In wrapper.' for mailing, $1 per year.
HPiBrrrjAi.isai.
MRS. BURR (formerly. Anthony), medium re-
' moved to - 32 Rltch *'stj . off ' Folsom/ bet.
Third . and f ourth,~Hfjjtf | ifrmMffMB
ARRIVED frcm New York. Prof. Fred P. Ev-
> «ns, . famous psychic ; for slate writing, cla lr-
v , voyanco. Offlce. , 1 1 12 Eddy. - Phone Scott j 8S7.'
A--MRS. J. : J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
: lite reader. 1200 ; Market.* r. 14. Gait House.
MRS; LESTER, clairvoyant medium and. life
. reader: clr. , ev. evg 10c; . read dally. 43 6th.
a— MRS.' CRINDLE'S materialliing seance.
¦ ¦ Friday *eVe.. 8 o'clock; ' 00c. 323 Ellis ; st. " ; : •
,C. MAYO STEER8. trance medium. 305 Larkla.
]'- room 49:' readings :1 to" 5: -. tel. fiouth 819.
1 EDUCATIONAL.
A , BIGGER . school r than •¦ ever. On June 1 - w»
':• ¦ moved . to • new ' fireproof ¦ building, 738 : Mission
st... between ' Third and 'Fourth;: more spae*:
• - ; finer ; rooms: better light : finest In the West:
->\;come and see.v.;8.'.F. BUSINESS COLLEGE..
CLASSES in short- story wrltlnr and Journal-
ism meet on Mon.t-Wed.*and Thurs..' 2 p. , m^ :
,< 333 Phelan % bldg; j terms very reasonable. ? ." .,*
A— METROPOLITAN Bus.! Col., ' 602 Van Ness
¦: ave. ;' positions secured. R. H. -Webster,' Pres.
. I.ODGI1TG-HOTJSES POB SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN!
ROOM 406. EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market sts., tel. Black 3607; free list of
hotels and rooming houses for sale. WE GUAR-
ANTEE GOOD TITLES. MONEY TO LOAN.
. City and Country Real Eatate for Sale.
AN especially well furnished rooming-house ¦ In
good location on sunny side; 12. large rooms:
income'JtiO over rent; electric lights; refined
roomers; will sell at a sacrifice. MARION
GKIFFIN. 406 Examiner bldg.
PARTLY FURNISHED— 14 nice rooms In flne
location; 7 blocks north of Market; rent
$70; 7_ rooms furnished, 7 unfurnished; price
$500; we back you for part.
¦ -.¦:-- '--"-.-• . ' ' -¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
OFFER WANTED this week on a most beau-
tifully furnished 70-room house; NEW ana
modern building; -\ low rent; 6-year lease;
high class roomers; double frontage: • house
with' worlds of sunshine; sickness of 'man-
ager - necessitates a sale ; come ' and investi-
gate; Uell us what terms you'd like and we
shall endeavor to arrange to suit you. ~ . --'<
. .- MARION. GRIFFIN.
MY HOUSE has 20 rooms. 4- *
MY^ RENT is only $60
MY; MONTHLY profit is $60
My price was $1000; is now $1200.
My terms are one-third down and $20 monthly.
My only reason Is bad health.
My only agent :ls MARION GRIFFIN. ,-
HANDSOMELY FURNISHED house, of 17
: rooms on Van Ness ave.; rent $li5; lease If
desired; now clear. $73;, nice back yard;
flower, garden in front; easy to take care of;
, owner is. sick;, price reduced to $1000; easy
1 .-terms.' . ¦ .-. ¦ -.--¦....
, : . ¦ '¦¦-¦- - MARION. GKIFFIN.
I BANK $138 molithly as my book will
show; but I must sell and go East
ON ' MORE IMPORTANT BUSINESS.
,' 1 have a 'nice, clean house of 33 rooms.
Any reasonable offer will be accepted.
• .1 would. take $1000 down, balance In -
SMALL ' PAYMENTS. \
See « my ;- sole -. a«ent.
> ; 1 . - : > - .¦"¦ MARION-GRIFFIN.,
, ","., THE OWNER SAYS :
,"No stranger, will ;be. permitted
inspect my . hou.<e unless - an
agent ; MARION GRIFFIN'S offlcs
.'comes a low:. .'I- am away from .
. home most of the time and my
'-wife Is afraid of. strange people
who try;to:get in. on all;klnds
of excuses. . The house makes a
good living for two and $94 over.
1 can sf 11 on easy terms to -
any -- sober and industrious - man and '
. wife '.who have. $500 to $1000 cash." See :
s^ •'-;;,;. .marion griffin. 5
SUTTER . STREET— 9-room . corner •¦ flat: ¦ price
$450; part cash; worth. '$S50:r rentlowi^-* •
. • »MARI0N GRIFFIN.,
.Room 400,, Examiner bldg.
ELEGANTLY, FURNISHED apartment-house
. •, of 24 rooms ; clean and new and nice ; I north
, : of Market ;¦ profit $7«- monthly; price $2500.
* reduced ; to $1800 and . (If you. can' give good
< -references) '1st payment. to $400.-
,- • • •;-r;- <rc MARION"GRIFFIN.\-V
-¦¦:.' The i Real Enat» - Agent."
¦ A NEW.- plate — The . Whalebone— Cannot -, break :
;¦; warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings.- 50c; '
; : plates > $5 ; r tull - get ; « all * work t. painless and
¦ % warranted. * Chicago j Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth. •
DR.'LUDLUM HILL.' 1443 Market, nr.' Eleventh'
' — Xo charge for extracting when plates are
' made; - old plates made ' over like • new; teetn
... from :$8per.set;;j extracting 50c; t gas given::"
PARIS Dental Parlors? 235 Kearny, >. cor. Bush— *
x Set teeth.'$l BO up; crowns.' $2 up; fllllngs. 23c.
GOLD : , fllllngs,': 75c : '.silver,'? 33c : < crowns,', $2 ¦ ' no
;^paln; open Sunday s.:Dr.'A.C.Hewltt2W' Sutter.,
"ARTHUR CHISHOLM.'!surgeon-dentlstr.l4 v 1st
r'gfloor,^ Phelan ;bId.-;\ 806 Market.' cor. '¦ O" Farrell."
DR.'- R.'i L; "- WALSH I has ''¦ moved : from Geary st
.to r corne.r^Sutter;and*'Grant-aye.; " ; ¦ ¦. •
.'ALL \ work , guaranteed i by^ the ¦ New > York den-
,* tlsts; Dr.* Perkins. Mgr.. , U60 M-lsslon. cor. 6th
• D^S^ATEESjIIlIJI^sEAIISTEESSES.
McDOWELL'.DressmaWrig 7 &*i Millinery SchdoTH
cut to measure; .«ve4class.^lO19 * Mkt
J Accordion;,, sunburst \ and * knife i pleating. -? Stew
• "art's button & buttonhole factory; -110. Taylor.*
LODGIITO-HOTTSES fOB SAI.B.
A— CAMERON &. CO., Phone South lO5o"
3 Eddy f., cor. Market and ; Powell.
Headquarters ,ur Rooming-houses,' Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
* 82 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition; good, furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-
sient can clear $300 to S350 per month; here Is
best proposition in city.
7- room modern flat; close In; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.'
20 rooms: new and elegantly furnished: on 1
Sutter; paying a handsome ' profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room; long
lease; up-to-date, downtown/ modern house;
"electric lights. , bell and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout;, chance -of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make ottur;
exclusively with us.
00-room, new, modern 2 and 3 room, apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; •- most elegantly
equipped In : city;- 6 years' -lease: every ap-
pointment heart could wish;, this little gem at
bargain* on account j of sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running: order; clear-
ing now over. $200 per month; always full; best
buy In city; account of sickness ; price $4500." •..
ISO rooms; grand., new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full" of nice people;' bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
60 .rooms; new, modern building;: elegantly
furnished;, close .in; full of first-class. people;
clearing, a handsome profit; flner. opportunity to
get; an up-to-date house -reasonable; sickness.
; 24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak. and mahogany; fine .proposition;
good : lease. .'¦>'. . , ' - .. ; .-¦'.¦'.
' 18. rooms;. rent $65: good fur,nlture and. car-
pets;- always full;, must sell within. next ten
days; leaving city; make offer. .
80 rooms: newly furnished throughout; five-
year -lease; downtown; fine, respectable, mon-
ey-making house; part down, balance reason-
able Interest. :
9-room flat; rent only $50; water 1 free; oak
furniture; good' carpets; must sell; price $400.
;128 rooms, cheap rent; long. lease ; first-class,
up-to-date downtown -house: well
clearing $500 to $600 per month;. must sell on
account of "other; business; ¦ only ¦' with j us.;.!
: 65 'rooms; best downtown "commercial house
In' clty; ; clearing now $300 ¦ per month: every-
thing first-class condition; wlll'trade, for. Oak-
land, ' Alameda or Eerkeley property or ranch
In California: . must leave city. • -
: 21 rooms; cheap rent; very, central; 'good fur-
niture ; and carpets; clears $100. per . month;
must leave city;, make an offer. _ -
¦84 rooms; cheap rent;"' thoroughly, renovated;
all' In flne. shape; flne, little apartment-house;
clears. J150; reduced to* $2300/. .
¦ Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade' always on band.'
• " . CAMERON,- 3 r Eddy st. , .¦
HOTELS. ..-••; -r _.'-".; ..;•'/•
: ¦" - . - - ,/¦;¦..
FORCED SALE, ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS."
l"i Stylish., rooming-house . (and boarding). .: 20
rocms;*chalceft location- In 1 the city; sunny.ali
fine s furniture;" house ;all:full.> Call to-day.
1128 \ Eddy,'- opposite Jefterson ; Park ; \ telephone
Jackson - 156: : might • trade ; for .{rood ; real estate; ¦
iflretrfalr, offer,' will- be'accepted." ;; . '
'-..". ;¦.'.-.¦; ..:.i MITCHELL - * CO.' , . .V;/v. . . v: ;
• ' 1206 Market St.... :.-¦.;. Phone ; Jessie ;2931.
,. ' Rooming, and a apartment 'houses, ¦> hotels- and
1 .flats sold to suit purchasers;. titles guaranteed.
..V:;T.r.T.ts;MITCHELLr&.'CO.;..r.r;v;^lV.i
20 rms.'," downtown.* nr." theaters; Trent I $75 : '¦ rea-
; ¦ sonable off er accepted."? MITCHELL. 1206 Mkt*
14 '. ROOMS if or i sale: V good 1 location: treasonable
•t price. r ; S24: Mission f st.'. -¦ ;..'." -JCi .
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The, Weekly. CalC
>.jl6 pages. In wrapper, for;malllng. $1 per yar.
T^oXLE^^artlesTrMcTu^sT^n^e^^
, •-.;; here; % a % chance ; to . make i merry ; i. coiy ;; dance
: hall ?» and ', dinners ; to ¦» suit i any £ purse) at |Ivy ,
t, I Gardens,*^ Ocean « Beach f terminal % of J, electric
p! " car ': lines. ?' Make ; arrangements : a 1 1 room j 21 1;"
Muirhead building,^Market ; and-Larkin sts.
A $300 RESTAURANT and coffee saloon: cor-
ner; rent $30; best location; business paying
well. R. G. WILKE, 2SV& Keamy st.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few
blocks south of Market st: net rent $90;
lease 4 years; average monthly receipts
$1100; value in sight See R. G. WILKE.
1!6H Kearny st.
A— Jl.".00; HARDWARE and plumbing business;
location the very best; established years, and
a first-class paying business. All particulars
R. G. WILKE. U0V4 Kearny «t . ~\.
A— $2300; TRANSFER and express business; 6
horses. 5 wagons, bus. road buggy, harness
and stock;- business established years; clears
at least (20U per month; a rare chance. Sea
R. Q. WILKK. 20H Kearny Bt .
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location on Gear}' st; rent $30; lease; a good
' raying and old establ. business; disagree
ment of partners cause of sale. See K. G.
. WILKE. 26% Kearny St..
A — $1400; DAIRY produce store with branch
bakery. conf<?ctionery and ice cream parlor;
best location; about 1H blocks from Market
Bt; dally receipts from $25 up. Call R. G.
WILKE.- 26H Kearny st '
A— $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30: only 2 blocks
from Call building; a barsaln. Call R. G.
WILKE. 28^4 Kearny st.
A— $1800— CORNER saloon in wholesale dls-
trict; no night or Sunaay worlr: rent $70;
lease; a good paying business: value In sight;
owner engaged otherwise. See R. G. WILKE.
26H Kearny st
A — J1&00; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition; S livine rooms; rent $45; *V4 years'
lease; splendid location and good-paying busl-
neaa. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— 1800: CORNER saloon; rent $20; place
surrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE, 24H
Kearny sjl.
A — $2SO0; CORNER bakery and confectionery.
Ice cream parlor, etc., 4 fine living rooms;
rent $S0; one of the best of its kind of busi-
ness in. the city. See R. G. WILKE. 2SH
Kearny st
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar. with
living- rooms; rent $45; best location on Mis-
sion st: place established years; fresh stock;
value in sight and a good paying store. See
R. O. WILKE.. 26V& Kearny st.
A— $C500; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.: rent $250; return rent $175:
place doing good business; full value in sight;
a great bargain. See R.G. WILKE, 2d% Kearny.
A — $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc; monthly Income $1000; one of the
best business properties: about 75 miles from.
city. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny «t
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with' flm-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay: a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A — $65C0; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses, 2 hacks, 1 coupe, 18 bug-
gies, harness, etc.; 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a first-class paying business; rent
$75. See R. Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A — $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds. 60 boarders: fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot: In lively
business town; place making money: owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WJLKE. 26%
Kearny st
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market st Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A — $2000; HOTEL in San Mateo County; 2S
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wngon and 3 cows; 6-year leaae. See
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A — $35C0; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
street: rent $60; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2800; a well established and
firrt-class paying business. See R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
NO trtflers need to apply. If you mean bust-
ness see BERG & POPP. 313 Kearny st.
$350 PARTNER, $450 partner, $500 partner,
$1000 partner, $3000 partner. $4000 partner.
See BERQ A POPP. 318 Kearny st
SALOONS near Market st: bargains. Call at
once. BERQ & POPP. 318 Kearny st. ,~ ' ,~
$600 TO $2750— Restaurants In good locations;
bargains. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny.
$375 TO $1000— Cigar stands in good locations;
bargain. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fail to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH,
1312 Market st
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 8468.
$7SOO — FIRST-CLASS saloon proposition; Oak-
land; best in city: 5 years' lease; In dead
c*:ter of town; a close Investigation eollc-
Itc4 and must be sold, if at all, within 10
flays. ALDEN, 1233 Broadway, Oakland.
$1600 — GENERAL produce business for sale
at a bargain; Oakland: profits over $200
month: must sell this week: sickness. AL-
DES. 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
BRIGHT business man, with $2300, will find
best chance ever was offered for sale- me-
chanic preferred; state age and your former
occupation; references required. Box 3419
Call office.
FOR Kale — A laundry doing $200 worth of work
per week In a prosperous town of 3500 Inhab-
itants; no other laundry within 20 miles; rea-
son of sale, retiring from the laundry»busl-
ness. Address box 2972, Call offlce.
$2000— GROCERY and general merchandise
Wore in good town 30 miles from S. F.- do-
ing good business: cheap rent; 5 living rms;
barn. Morse &. Perry. 632 Market, room. 5.
WANTED — Partner in mechanical business; no
previous experience required; short hours;
light work: SIS to $35 week each; $300 re-
qulred. 47 Geary st, room 2.
A PARTY, absolutely obliged to~ leave city in
three days, will sacrifice store, fixtures and
excellent business; Invoice $1000 to Sl°00
Box 3431. Call office. " '
AN excellent paying grocery business; good
trade; good routes: rent reasonable, as pro-
prietor owns building. Box 1454. Call of-
fice. Oakland.
$250— PARTNER wanted; light, genteel and
very profitable manufacturing business; du-
ties easily learned ; steady work and steady
income. 235 Kearny st.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Elllcott square/
Bu.Talo. ,
WANTED — Grub stake by an experienced
prospector and miner to prospect In Tonopah
rold fields; will sign contract for one year.
The Almonte, 873 Market, room 73.
SNAP— Grocery and bar; Ions lease: low-
rent: bargain: doing good business. Inquire
at 3153 Twenty-fourth st
FOR sale — Bar: 7 furnished living rooms and
large dance hall; 5 years' lease; on Mission
road. E. MONI, 810 Paciflc. bet. 8 & 9 a. m.
$150— PARTNER wanted In an everyday plain
business: will pay him $75 per month; eteadv
place. 87 Third St.. room 14.
ACTIVE man wanted as partner In chophouse:
5160 required: can make. $60 a month.- 632
Market et, room 9;
GROCERY and;, liquor; splendid -location; -. a'
good business: book* open for investigation.
Address box 34C2. Call.
FOR eale — First-daw grocery and delicacy
store; account of sickness. 3601 Army ¦«.,
corner San Jose ave. •,.'. *
A CORNER * grocery ' delicatessen, . with 2 fur-
nished ' rooms; rent $15: 3-year lease. Box
2729, Call office.*
FINE corner delicacy, fancy groceries and
liquors, with. 4 riving rooms; can't be beat
798 Hayes st.' ' .
A WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon (here for 12
years) for eale on account of retirinr •*' Box
1749. Calt ; offlce. "4 > ' * *
RESTAURANT for rale in the Mission; 'con-
venient to transfer corner. Address box 1964
Call offlce.
DESIRABLE city lots to exchange for a busi-
. ness. - Address. ¦•. with particulars." •- box 1600
.Call offlce. ' . ¦-. , ,
$1200 AiYEAR- for life secured by small
monthly payments for a • short j Urns . only.
INVESTOR. - B18 - Parrott bldg. .
SALOON, and 'dance hall for sale cheap. Ac-
ply 316 Front st. . ; .
FOR sale— Fruit Store' cheap. . , 2 Eighth st. *
WANTED— Partner: 15 - rooms ¦ and bar; 3
. years' lease. .,210 and 212 East st. : '•-. ¦
$350 — CIGAR", store, living ' or club i room: r flne
.stock." fixture*; rent' $20. . 2S3 Fourth ; st. : - ':
FOR sale — Restaurant, factory i district: lease*
. liquor license. -. Address boa R.*; 1941 ' Mission.
FORi sale — . A * good £ planing-mill 'in » Sonoma
f County; $2250.' Box 3110, VCall offlcs. , . ¦ ¦;.,
RREE— yOUF? CHOICE OF OTHER A LIQHTNIMBREM) AMD CAKETHE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, ;. FRIDAY, OCTOBER; 21, 1904;
13
SEAL ESTATE — CTTT — FOB 3A3_~.
ONLY A FEW LEFT
$1 23 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lota In the Exeelslor Homestead
Tract: level aa a billiard table: on street
grade; close to fine school: not far from th»
Mission-st. electric cars; secure one as an
investment and by the tlma It ia paid for It
will have doubled in va!ue the way prices
have advanced during the past year: buy
now before prices become prohibitive In this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
W Montgomery at., r. 3. Phone Main 5704-
GET In no—; bottom prices; Corbln station.
West Berkeley, to be made terminus Wt.n
Berkeley local: cheap lots; trains every half
hour; $3 per mo. commutation tickets. 5o
each way; 60 minutes from San Francisco:
only $5 per mo. upon each lot; buy a lot ia
Home Park Tract; double your money: sta-
tion on ground, surrounded by residences A
factories. J. W. LAYMANCE. 632 Market.
r. 10. or agent on ground. 10 to 5 p. m.
$3000 — 9- room house. 2773 Twenty- third st,:
this is a forced sale and will not refuse a
fair offer: could be made into flats w<»_} *
very little expense; will loan $2000 on this.
D. COFFIN. 2S23 Mission St.. near 21st.
FOR sale — 3 colonial houses. 8 rooms. ba__
and basement; beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny: E. side of Tenth ave.. near
I St.. Sunset. Hellett it Gee. on premises.
NEW colonial houses, containing 2 flats of S
rooms, recaption hall; rents $48; $5500; easy
payments. B at., bet. 3d and 4th avea.
A $2000 HOMS built to suit you. lot Included.
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHI«*
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. 83« Howard at.
—APA ~ ~ ~ IU5AX. ESTATE.
STOP PAYING RENT!
OWN YOUR O"— N HOMS.
PUBLIC AUCTION.
AGRICULTURAL PARK TRACT. .
NAPA CITY. CAU.
8ATURDAY. OCTOBER 2_. 1904,
300^ CHOICE. LEVEL. I_ARGE LOTS 800
Adjoining City of Napa. on proposed line of
VALLEJO. BENICIA AND NAPA VAI_t_T t
' ELECTRIC LINE.
Now Being- Constructed.
Terms— One-half Cash per Lot— Balance •
and VI months. Interest on deferred pay-
ments. 6 per cent per annum; 10 per cent dis-
count for cash on deferred payment.
GOOD LUNCH SERVED FREE ON DAT
OF SALE.
AGRICULTURAL PARK TRACT CO.,
Owner*
ED. R. SMITH. Auctioneer.
BE INDEPENDENT!
BUY FOR INVESTMENT.
SA.— MATE O^_EA_ ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK^On line of San Mateo electrto
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.:
outside the fog belt and Just beyond wher»
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff will Join
the main line: 50- foot lots from $400 up;
terms only $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
and water pipes In front of every lot; pure
artesian wall water; 175 lots sold since
August 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot In this desirable section; take the
electric cars and get oft at "LOMITA
PARK" and investigate; maps sent on ap-
plication.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main ~ 3. 116 California st.
TTJttB E~ l-A-T PS.
FOR SALE.
5000 acres best timber land In Northern Cali-
fornia.; will average 35,000 feet per acre; «4
redwood and V A fir. For full particulars see
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market St..
Rooms 413- 41ft. Phcne Folsom 3468.
CHIC— EN KAITC— ES.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope: slse
to suit; easy terms; plenty water; fine fruit;
call for details: go and see Sunday. Owner.
713 Mills bulldlnr.
8AJTCH TO I.EASE.
TO rent— 21-acre fruit ranch, near Santa Rosa":
$230 rent per year; complete set of farming-
tools: also hcrse and wagon. 1 cow. Apply
636 Sacramento it.. San Francisco.
" * ~~ : 1~OPIETY VABTP). '
WANTED— To rent, with the privilege of bay-
ing, an improved small farm; one adapted to
poultry and situated near Stockton or San
Jose preferred. Address ISAAC COVER.
General Delivery. Stockton. CaL .
BEBKELEY ADVEKTS'NTS
BEB— E— ET B~AX ZSTATB.
—$3500—
A CHOICS home on Delaware st.. Berkeley: 8
rooms and bath: lot 40x135; new and modern:
sunay exposure: fine view; easy terms of
payment if desired; no trouble to show prop-,
erty. •
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (lac).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteen-- st-,
Oakland.
$150 DOWN."
To dose out my holdings to Golden Gat § and
near Ashby station, on the Key route. I will
sell lots and build small homes on your owa
plans for only $150 down.
M. L. WURTS & CO.. 1323 Broadway. 09*
posite PostofSce.
GRAND opportunity; city and country Hfa>
combined; new 7-rcom house; all modern Im-
provements; 15 minutes' walk from North
Berkeley station: high ground; fine view;
cheap. R. A. BERP.Y & CO.. Poatofflc*
. block. Berkeley.
~— BT — T~ ~ H Q— S~ 8 TO I~ T.
FOR rent— In desirable residence section «f
Berkeley, house of 9 rooms, porcelain bath,
storsro om; stable and chicken-house; 3 Mocks
from Berry— an station. S blocks from Berke-
ley and 6 from entrance to university: 2025 •
Virginia st.. between Saattuck and Mllvla;
newly painted and papered throughout: rent
$35; will not be rented to tenants who let
housekeeping rooms. Apply 28 Montgomery
St.. room 8,* San Francisco.' or LITTLE A
WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattnck ave.. Berkeley.
— — — -r tiT.tr T BOOKS A_f3 > BOAiD,
FURNISHED room, with board. 1630 Woolsey
rt.. Lorln Station. South Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVEBT'STS
yiturrwAxa ~ jsa_ sstat—. '
II. a GIBSON.
$1800—113 per month. $230 down; Urge 5-
roo— cottage, close to station; this la new and
strictly uo to date.
We have 3 or 4 loU left yet that we will
build to suit, and the payment will be only
$150 down.
Office open Sunday all day. Phone Vale 290.
1328 Frultvale 'ave.. near Fourteenth st.
FOR SALE— $2750; it coat $3750; rents for $:•
per month; 3 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. '
LOT — 50- foot frontage on Frultvaltt av». ; want
offer. Address owner. P. O. box 462, Frult-
vale. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTa
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OA~ I— ,_—> REAL ESTATE. £
(5500 — A FINE • Investment property; close to
business center of Oakland, on car line and
near S. F. locals; pays over 14 per csnt on
Investment; 2 fiats, about 4 months old. 11
rooms and 2 baths; sunny ' side of street;
modern in every respect; owner compelled to
*e!l, hence will sacrifice for quick sale. THE
MERRITT-WOLCOTT CO.. P52 Broadway.
FOR tale — Two new up-to-date bungalow 8-
room houses: large lot with barn; very
cheap. Inquire on premises, 6SS Thlrtistii
St.. <n 1055 Broadway. Oakland.
MODERN 6-room house at 416 East Twenty-
thlrl St.: big barn, fruit tr— s: fine location;
lot r.Oxl50: only $25C0; small payment down.
A BARGAIN — Modern well-built 7-roo— house,
nearly new, at 675 ' Thirty-sixth . street;
$3150; terms. -
OAKLAND STOSES TO LET.
TO let — $25; store, earner Twenty-sixth st. and
San Pablo ave.: fixtures, living -room. lar*4
workshop and stable. Inquire opposite. 1027
San Pablo ave. . - .¦
jTPBNJT— B£^rO^SAM.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnH
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th st..cor.xtore.Oa_l_n<l
Continued on Page Fourteen.
1
MRS. DR. GWYER, C11A Leavenworth St.. be-
twee.n Geary and O'Farrell.
1 LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
: $2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR, ROSEN, residence 2995 Folrom St.. corner
20th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
JUATT ~ ESSES AITP PILI0W3.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
¦ BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. ; phone South 21 «.
; jma ~s a— p aajnarng-Cf .
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO. Crossley bldg.
MISCEI.I.AHEOU3 — FOB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOE8 YOUR ROOF LEAKT
Repair it with elaterlte. In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
FOR sale— New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL- 1
LENDEa. 652 Mission st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. ' WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
A— THE <P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO., 25 Stockton st.
OSTRICH plumes at manufacturers' prices;
this week only. Fleur de Lls Millinery. 584
McAllister st. j
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's ahoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid. : catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery St.. room 12. upstairs.
FOR sale — St. Bernard dog. 11 months old.
ANTONE DA VILLA. Alvarado, Cal.
NEW drophead sewing machine; White; $25
to-day only. 983 Harrison st.
FOR sale — Fresh family cow, cheap. 322
Munich at. *'
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
REGISTERED, pedigreed collie bitch and pups
for sale cheap. 374 Preclta ave.. nr. Harrison
BARGAINS in 2d-hand cash registers, includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed: terms. 14 Turk st.
SAFES and desks, prices right, at Richardson
Bros.. 123-125 New Montgomery, nr. Mission.
Wallpaper, 3^c; paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-
enlng. Merlgan. 1302 Webster: tcI.Steiner 3671
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' camples in grips and
trunks: for gale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elegant . sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring, $50: terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
SLOT machines, all kinds: lowest prices. Call or
. write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel.Maln 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Ca. 807 Mission st. ; tel. South 811.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C O'DONNELL. 1021% Market at.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, aale. rental;
bargains. Dullard & Breck. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines.* automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MIS— ELLAHEOTT S 19 A-TTS. j
AAA — Highest prices for ladles,' gents' castoff
clothing. Tel. Davis 825, 650 Sacramento st.
AA— BUY any amount good 2d-hand ladies' &
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 405. Ad-
ama bldg.. 200 Kearny st. : phone Black 3036.
Levy & Redler. highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 610 Washington
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.: tel. Jessie 2&51.
._J*°2![_?5L£PJ^? A 5L_ _:
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN..
....INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
. Save expenses by dealing directly.
. Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN~
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
. Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490, , Call office.
SALARY LOANS— '. •,-. • . -„. ' . ..
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
: ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and 'courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity ; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
I amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
, MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. > Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
¦ liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
" per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
006 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
YOUNG — CO.. room ¦ 537 Parrott bldg., loan
money, on furniture, pianos, etc., at about
half the rate charged by other people: mort-
gages at high rates and- leases paid off.
ON salaries/Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton St.,
near Market.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton st.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per. cent per month. . ...
Loans on furniture. . pianos and other securities,
up. without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co.. 6C Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
.. LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery at., rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture, indorsed notes - and other : security. S. ;
" F. > Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to' loan '. at " low Interest; gold, ' silver."
¦ diamonds,' > pearls and precious stones bought
at\W.;J. HESTHAL'S..; 10 Sixth st.
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan &
I ! Hall, room s 1213 Call bldg; phone Main ; 3214.
DON'T' borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hut ton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry ; :
; i confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co. ,722 Mkt,
ST AR " Loan ' Co. ; of : Wyoming j loans to salaried
-ii- employes. ; Room ; 811.- Mutual : Eav. Bk. bids.
ALLloans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
¦ - mo. 7; S. F. Collateral Loan ¦ Bank; 638 Kearny.'
3 % ON furniture 4 pianos; $15 up; no removal;
; :', no co— T V. T TREMA IN.T room ,81.". 6 Eddy . at.
CASH; loaned 'salaried people on! notes without
; lndorser. MOflBJCLL. 609 Sxamin er building. 1
rmsiCAi. m st~ t~ s~ — ts.
llussaxd — Small upright, fine order.
Fischer^ — Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chickering — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany case. 3 pedals, like new.
from $95 up; easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Curtai Piano Ca. 660-62-64
Hayes tt.; tel. Fell 5761.
ELEGANT $100 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st.
$80 — UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post St.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 18 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stein way up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
. Shoninser. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 OTarralL
OFFICES AND STORES TO I_BT.
ELEGANT offices; new Italian-American Bank
bldg.. SE. cor. Montgy. & Sacto: light and
sunny. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgy.
FINE store, with basement: . leas*. 1217
; Stockton St., near Broadway.
FOR rent — Section of large loft: light and airy
L. MINK. 1WI New Montgomery t.. 7th floor
PHYSICIANS A~ P S~ ~GXQ— S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office aniTresidence.
1021 Vx Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a> specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073*4 Market st.
REMOVE D— DR. WONG HIM herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at C67 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-9 Clay st.
~AT~— TB. .
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st,
PraCHAg— gQjLQjBHCI~8.
CLARA E. jnWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specUJty; correspondence sollciu
«<!.- 805 Larkln at., room 49: teL South 3X».
"REXRADIO'S" offices crowded, aa usual; has
successfully treated about 90 per cent of va-
rious alleged "incurable" diseases; he neither
prescribes "medicines" nor uses medical "In-
struments"; heals (solely) by "humaniied
radium" power. Numerous references given
and testimonials shown. Hours 2 to 7. "Pub-
lic" healing 2 and 8 dally. 7S3V4 Market st.
A— MME. GILLINGHAM.
DERMATOLOGIST.
Has removed her parlors to 143 Stockton st..
Union-square bldg., over Regal shoe store, opp.
City of Paris, room 10. where she will continue
to treat her patrons for all facial blemishes.
THE Star Hair Remedy reatores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
And itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy 00.. 1338 Pofk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia.
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk St.. S. F.
FANCY and silk dress«s carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1S99. 2122 Flllmore a_; phone Geary 2053.
BEST on earth-— Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured; $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 330 Grant a-e.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. Q. S. MOORE. 332 OTarreU st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for salts, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market St.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture f or $7 M
down and $1 00 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 840 Post St.. near PowelL
CYCLE skating- rink. Central Park. opp. City
Hall. Market st.; ladles free.
SUITS to order on installments of (1 per-week.
NEUHAU8 CO., the tailors, 729 Market st- -
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pant!" or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LGMO3, 1127
Market st.. bet. Seven— and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy paymeota.
P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery St.
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you la fine clcthla*.
Art Tailoring:. 1644 Mkt.. undar St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle, lira.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Qeaiy.r.3a.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find beat hair
tonic In the world at 1810 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE salt $7 80; dress pants $3 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUEP-AGE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna reatores g.-».y
hair to ita natural color: $1 at all druggists*.
PBOPOSAIiS. '
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors. Builders and Material
Men — Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and
furnishing the materials tor reconstructing
the south drive, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California, at Berkeley. California,
and said bids will be received at the office
of the Reg«nts, South Hall. Berkeley, at or
before 5 p. m . of October 24, 1904. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
certified check .or bond of bidder, in favor of
the Regenta of the University of California.
e<iual to ten (10) per cent of his bid with
sufficient sureties, conditioned that if said bid
be accepted, the bidder will duly enter into
a proper contract and give bond to perform
faithfully the duty and obligations In ac-
cordance, with said bid and with the plani
and specifications whicn are hereby required
to be a part of such contract. The. right to
reject any or all bids is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON, Acting- Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.. September 24. 1904—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m ., October
24. 1904. and • then opened for constructing
additions to Captains Quarters at Infantry
Cantonment. Presidio of San Francisco. Cal..
¦ including 1 ' plumbing. Government reserves
the right to reject or accept any or all bids
In whole or In part. Information furnished
on application to WM. S. PATTEN. Assist-
ant Quartermaster General. Chief. Quarter-
master. . .
ASSESSMENT KOTICJB.
NOTICE — Taxes' due upon assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization. Con-
troller's Department, State of California.
Sacramento, October 11. 1904. In accord-
ance with the provisions of section 3668 • of
the Political Code, notice Is hereby given
that I have leceived from the State Board
: of Equalization the "Duplicate Record of As-
sessments of Railways" and the "Duplicau
Record of Apportionment of Railway Assess-
ments." containing the assessments upon the
property of each of the following named
associations or corporations, as fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year
Ce'ntral "Pacific Railway Company. South
pacific Coast Railway Company. Southern
Pacific Railroad : Company. Southern Cali-
fornia Motor Road Company. Carson and
Colorado Railway Company. California
North-western Railway Company (lessees of
the £an Francisco and North Pacific Rail-
way). Southern California Railway Company
. the Atchlson. Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
Company.; North Shore Railroad Company
Paclnc Coast R*»*»y Company, Pajaro V^l
ley Consolidated Railroad : Company. Nevada,
County Narrow Gauge Railroad Company
Nevada-California-Oregon Railway CompaaV"
Blerra Valleys R*"*** Company, AlaiaeOa
and San Joaquln Railroad Company, sierra
Railway Company of California. Gualala Mm
Company, Lake Tahoe Railway and Trans-
portation Company. Boca and Loyalton Raji.
road Company; San Pedro. Co, An— !_/_£.
Salt Lake Railroad Company, and the °_u
•¦ man Company.
The State and county taxes on : all ,»-_
son- property, and one-half of the State
and county _ taxes^on all real property are
now due and payable, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday in November next at
*¦ 6 o'clock p. m .. and unless paid to the fat_t*
Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto 3
per cent will be added to the amount User*
' of. and unless so paid on or before the lal-
Monday in April next, at « o'clock p. __. __t
additional 5 per cent will be added to'th.
amount thereof. '
The ; remaining one-half of the State and
county. taxes on all real property. will be due
. and - payable , at . any . time after the .Jr«
• Monday in 'January next, and, will be delin-
quent on . the last . Monday ; In April : neat, at
; 6 • o'clock p. — .. , and unless paid to the
State Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto
6 ; per cent will be ' added to the * amount
thereof.
fi. P. COLGAN. State Contrallar.
EUPIjOJ— SEW T VTAirrEE— XO.KZ.Z1
AAA — Sober all tt:ou:'.d handy maa <i'.>ir:s a
trsifly s<o6l'.2on; un_f— tfends r-ardening. milk-
ir.*., i-.«tr.Jy u'th Lois. _Md _— Senas _nd
driver: t>cst of refe— nwv. Hex _23. CalL
A GERMAN', r-..-..'. i . -.1^. I _-id tlnijle. -wishes a
fituatlon as clerk ir. — ocerr store and bar-
room; Kood TtltTtners. W. BOH LI SO, 417
Kearoy *-_
CAPASU5, willing young: man rl~sir?s situa-
tion as etock oi»rk; 3 years' experience In
embrvl _eries; earfatfM and white jrunds.; good
rt't renee*. -> x T.C3H, Call offline.
CABDEXE: R, florin. raiaUif-affecV s-lngle. 1 - life
expellee— m trt-enbouse work, wants *itu«i-
U'-n. H<..x .'UwS. <_i! <>:f.ce.
_11I>DLT:-AGEI) Ocrun, reliable, sot*r an<l
Industrious, experienced • h.arten.ier. wants
pt-rtTV»B in city. Addr<»«. box :i4_5. Call.
G<OI» mechanic «UiM work; special operating
table*, wktsastand ar.d u!l Uinris hospital
furniture. Box Z7-W, Call office.
YOUNG a.an Ut-RX— B). IS mor.thn In the coun-
try, waats a position of any kind lu cr out
of town. PAUL IS A CHER, .135 Fourth ft.
6OBSR, Industrious man of raidjie age wants
work in country; good carpenter and handy
man generally. Bnx S541. Call.
BOY. IS, with Ki-;iie experience In gi-ocery.
Box S13S. C*U office.
A rr.:fid!e-£^e<« _-cntlcn:an possessing tact, twsi-
:>*«* sr.d extcwUvt _b21'.ty solicits office rej.-
rr»en'.at1on of responsible business r.nn or
¦cency toe Southern California: _. res'.uent of
Lot Acgtlf*, ricw ia Uiii; dijr: liiw jestir;iable
refer* r.oc-s. A<J(Jrt?rs J.-'jx $112. Call office.
AN rxprrlear-ni afivertlKirg: writer an-J ad de.
pajtmer.t TriS-nager. top • nctchcr frcrr. Mid-
dle Stales, is In Frisco to locate and desires
position; salary reasonable to start. Address
A. Stranjfcr. C2o Geary it.
CAUKTAlvi;it. >oung man. handy with tools,
wish** to care for houses, hotel or institu-
tion, where i.aintlng. paper-hanging, plurob-
ttts. locksrr.'.thinc. etc.. r.<*t<Ji to be done;
country preferred. Bex 32T.4. Call office.
A SOBER, industrious ycur.g married man
«__ea po-itlon a* clerk in .tore; has bad
four years' experience In general r.ierchan-
iise: can furnish good reference. 2C95 How-
ard at.
CHANCE front line battle of life to work for
reputation: mMerate salary: eood penman;
bus'.acss ir.an; totai abstainer; _8: must have
work or go under. Box S43_. Call office.
TOt'NG man, bookkeeper and S"t£nc~aph>r,
wishe* position ar salesman of gents' fur-
nishing goods. Address C. C. P., 2&20 Six-
teenth rt.. city.
AS valet ct companion, young Frenchman, age
22. can eerre at table, desires situation in
Frlvate family; speaks Er.fliEh fluently: good
references. AddrfE? box 3414. Call office.
WANTED— Position by young man in either
wholesale or retail ehoe store; have also had
experience in gents' furnishing goods. Box
8335. Call office.
MECHANICAL engineer. Inventive ability,
wacu Dosttlon with manufacturing com-
pany; prepared to make light metal special-
ties. Box 3019. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER desires position with responsi-
ble firm; will open, close and systematize
books; contracts taken by the week or
month; reasonable. Bex 2344. Call office.
A YOUNG man desires situation in private
l_rr.i!y or store; is good salesman; speaks
Frv::ch; will do moat anything; wishes to
study evenltigs. Bex 26CS. Call office.
GARDENER: practical, thoroughly experienced
in ail branches of gardening. capable of
taking charge of large grounds, desires po-
sition. Bex 2CGS. Call office.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
« ants sets of books to keep, opening and
rloalcg books, expertlng accounts, etc Box
22C3. Call office.
PLUMBER, licensed and independent, wants
work rrom property owner by the day or
*f*k: has all necessary shop tools. Box 2804.
Ca!'. office.
EXPERIENCED, successful specialty salesman
wants sole saiee' right for high -grade ar-
ticle cr line :or city and surrounding coun-
try. Box S072. Call efflce.
RELIABLE, competent man, handy in general
around place, understands horses, wishes
_work. 7C3 Minna st.
CAPABLE young Swiss who had 3 years' «x-
perlcr.ee In embroideries, laces, curtains and
white goods, desires position. Box 34__. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German, reliable, sober and
industrious, experienced bartender. wants
po?!ticn :_ city. Address box 3425. CalL
LKAirCHTs-MAN and machinist wishes posi-
tion to do either class cf work cr, both; will-
ing to eo anywhere. Box 3408. Call office.
VOt'XO man wishes position in wholesale
house as all-around man; Eteady and reliable.
Box 34 IS. C-ll office.
TOUNG. strong man with rood education wants
to — _ke a start in any line of business; best
reference*. Bex 2244, Call office.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work
of any kln<1: can drive and care for hones.
Box Call effl'ce.
STRONG young man. 20 years of age, wishes
position cf any kind in wholesale house;
best cf references. Box 3080. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, well acquainted in wholesale
ar.d retail liquor and wine business, wishes
to gpt position. Address box 3095. Call.
MAN and wife, experienced cooks, want posi-
tions In hotel, boarding-bouse or camp, city <
or country. Address M. E. E., box 3312, CatL
A STRONG boy. handy with tools, would like
to learn the carpenter trade; has had some
experience. Bex 3217. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation to take
< tr- of horses, garden, drive and general
work. H. B.. 613 Montgomery st- .—*•;,
GERMAN. 42 years, married, wants light
work; handy at — cst anything; best of refer-
encea. Box 2C17. Call office.
WANTED — Situation in cigar store by young
man 18 years old: good character. Box 2670.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper <male. 36) ia open
tc an engagement; good references. BETA.
box 2375. Call office. *
A RELIABLE man wants position as night
water— an; references. Address I. B., 730
Folsom at.
POSITION wanted ty mechanical engineer and
draughtsman. Box 3429. CalL
PLUMBER; first-class; watts moderate; city
or outs lde of city. Bex 3426, Call office.
I, JAPANESE boy. wish work: city or coun-
try; good cook: good recommendations; ver>
honest boy; wages $25 month. HITA. 2_3
Kearny st.
A GOOD Japanese scboclbcy will accept a po"I
altlon as schoolboy m good family in coun-
try. H. I. I., box II. San Lorenzo. Alameda
County.
AN excelled young Japanese cook wants a
position In a small nice family: good refer-
ence. FRANK. SIS Sutter St.. city: teL
Black 4241.
JAPANESE your., honest boy wishes to take
care of garden cr housework In a small fam-
liy: epe_ks English. FRANK K- E.. 1225
DevlK_!«ro trt.; phone Scctt G48.
JAPANESE faithful young man wants a posi-
tion to do housework in a private family;
has references. FRANK OTA, 4 Carlos
pia— .
HONEST Japan*-*' hoy desires a position a»
or at housework in private family.
_ HIRAI. 744 Post -t.; telephone Eutter 1731.
HONEST J_;>anes« . war.u a ritnatlon evening
and tarly morning to do any kind of wcrk.
_1^5^OFarr ell St.; telephone 1075.
HONli.ST Japanese bey desires a position as
schoolboy tr at hounework !n private family.
HIRAI. T44 Pot St.: telephone Setter 173L
A JAPANFSH wants position at housework or
srhoolboy in the country. Address K. USHI,
321 IliUght st.
A JAPANESE boy wants any kind of work.
A^^f'vi-i'i-^r^f'i mf) — i** or afternoon
AACTer* feLZtKI. 1431 Bush st.;tel.Hyde 171
TOKNG Japanese want, place as schoolboy in
Oak st teK r * U ni *' HAMAI) A. I0M
A JAPANESE boy wants a position aa school-
rTr?vo%.n ££ j t " «* or "-£ h0C T.
A .IAPANHSE hrwwt boy wants position in a
-_ioon, More or efnee; hae experience Ad-
C— m £. KITA. 41SA Post st. ence - M -
AN 'xpTiencM .'.r-ar.rte C f>ck wants nositinn
«;r.r.RCK. U!0 r:iu- *.-.; phgne Hj-de lYl
A JAI'ANF>E want* position for.moinic*'
work. 15O Larkln st. ¦ . •
GOOD Japanese boy — _nu general heln a'ter
«-t> ociwk p. m. 4CS Post IL.-H.' BAN.
A .JAPANESE boy. cent!* and honest, wants
pvfition as •¦choclboy.M.C.rc.'l^ O'FarreSl st.
A CHIICESK first -claae rook neeks rttuat Ion to
* rrk. CHARLEY IIONU. 27 Waveriv
tlaoe. ___^ , "*
CKINEfcE cook, ft— t clew; has ~ feren rea;~clty
Andrew LOUIE TEEN, rare 616 fDcpont at.
In bate!. WI^G 733 Com merclaJ at.
SKPLOYMESfT WAN7ED--MALE-C<m.
SITUATION wanted by young man in laundry
of country plant; UV4 years' expsri- '
<-n<-«: with electric machinery: • also 1 year
nm.s: rcie.-encgs. Box 2071. Call orfl:e.
WANTED — Copying at home. Address box-
2fi*t, Call office.
YOVNG man wishes to enrry rnornlns paper
route, f. BULLOCK. 037 Webster st.
WANTED — A Rtt of books to keep evenings.
Bex SK"J. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation In th-?
couijtry. Box 3241, Call office. ,
i WANTED— P.isltlon r.s coi'.eetor or outside i
salesman; exp. ; good ref. Box 323?. Call.
•^ «-_-——-¦---» __-_-»_-_-_-_--_---_---------»-¦
ri~ AgrCiAii. *.....-
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by tbe best of Income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed leaae; quarterly
Interest.
Eend for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (INC)
1172 Broadway. Cor. 14th St..
Oakland.
I THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
! Capita; paid In $4,600,000 00
j Surplus 940.901 86
Ismiea .•; ¦
, Six per cent
¦ Inventment Certlflcatee
At par.
Office — No. 14 Hanson;* etreet,
San Francisco, Cal.
1
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents: stock
eold: strong Eoftfm connections: advice tr^a.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Cmssley bldg
riiATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordee Furniture Co.. 245-69 Geary
st., on the square.
FINE flat. 1810 Devisadero st.. near Bush — 7
rooms, reception, bath and laundry rooms;
rent reasonable.
FINE sunny flat; grand marine view; 6 rooms
and bath. Southeast cor. Broadway and Jones.
A NEW 6-room sunny, tinted flat. 2632 Post
tt.; rent reasonable.
CENTRAL, modern fiat; 5 rooms, bath. 1030
1 Sacramento St., above Powell.
LARGEST list of bouses and flats to let. Call
en LYON It. HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
$32 SO— ELEGANT new 6-room flat, 1 block
north of Market. 165 Noe st.. near 15th.
FT-ATS TO T-ET — rOBMISHEO.
BEAUTIFUL, modern 3 or 4 room apartment
with private bath, complete for housekeeping.
1216 Gough St.. between CFarrell and Geary.
PTJ BVXSH ED^
AN elegant, newly furnished flat, 8 rooms and
bath: sunny all day; must be sold Imme-
diately; owner unexpectedly called East;
terms reas. Mr. Pomeroy. 702 Market st.,r.7.
A MODERN, sunny, large 7-room upper flat,
newly furnished 8 we«ks ago, mostly from
Sterling's; obliged to go East. 917 Jones st.,
near Buch: call 9 to 4.
FOR sale — A snap; 5 rooms completely fur-
nished: call 1 to 6 p. m. ; room to rent; rent
$14. 219 H Tehama st.
TURK. 10S*4 — 6-room fiat, well furnished; good
transient; 2 rocrni pays rent; all outside,
sunny rooms; bargain if sold by October 21.
FT L'RNISHED flat of 6 rooms for sale; reason-
able. 442 Fulton st. V* f. \-\ : . .'
$450 — FTTRN.. sunny, corner flat; » rooms;
rent $45; Eutter. near Kearny. Box 3409, CalL
ruftaUUitE FOB BAI~.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 60 down. $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
PART furniture 7-room house; 3 months' use;
j rugs, gas stove, water heater. Box 3242, CalL
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 813 ¦
FTJSSTZTTJBB WANTED.
"" ABE LEVY. ~~~"
Salesroom. 1135 Market eu TeL Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate. ,
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L H.
BURP, sue. 1C36 Market: phone Jessie 2336.
HELP WA— TED— ~EMAI_E.^
4 COOKS. German families, city $30- $35.
Cook for Alameda. $30.
Second girl, Menlo Park, see lady 11 o'clock
$25.
2 second girls, family, city, $25.
Kitchen helper, country. $25.
Dining-room girl, old ladles' home, $20.
3 nurse girUi. clt; and country. $20- $25.
Cook on a ranch $25. .' « "
Cook, little washing, city, $27 50.
Restaurant waitress. $S week.
Chambermaid and waitress, country hotel. $25
40 general housework girls, city, $2u, $25, $30
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter!
A WORKING housekeeper for a large first-
class lodging-house; the best of wages to
the right pexty; practical experience needed;
call after 9. MIS8 PLUNKJSTT. 425 Sut-
ter St.. near PowelL
AT Cal. Emp. Agency, . 14 Third st. ; phone
Bush 405 — Swedish or German girl, house-
work. $25; girl, help cook, etc., 4 in fam-
»y. $20.
A — WANTED — Girls ta lea— halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc"; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeka; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to all immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary st., room 13. -
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now tor
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $15: positions. as
trlc.mers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled Im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdresslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. : six hours'
practice a day: guarantee positions: only
recognized college of its kind on coast: day
and evening classes: all parlor work at re-
ductd prices. 133 Powell st.
APPRENTICE? to learn halrdresslng wanted.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
_BROS.'
AN experienced dry goods bundle wrapper
wanted. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED at once— 100 girls to fac« dried
fruit at GUGGENHIME. &. CO.'S Packing-
house. Front and Filbert, sts.
1 '
WA NTED— Chocolate dippers and girls with
experience in packing high-grade candles;
gt»o<3 wages: modern factory; state namu of
former employers. Address reply, giving
full particulars to box 3492, Call office.
WANTED— A girl about 15 to do light house-
work and assist with child; $10 Address
box 3312. Call office.
SEWERS — Ladies' waist, tennis gowns: work
cent or car fare paid. H. FRIEDLANDER
338 Fell st.
FINISHERS on ladles' suits; steady position
GOLDMAN * KRAMER. 609 Mission st.
GIRLS to' sew silk labels on coats! Call at 11
Battery at. .
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 2309
Pine st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. 720
Cole mt. " •
LADIES — We win teach the barber trade free
to six more ladles and pay them $10 each
for first 8' weeks; call or write. JNO. A.
MOLER'S Barber College (correct number).
C44 Clay at. ¦
EXPERIENCED, sewing machine operators on
overalls, coats and . Jumpers; . steady work. !
LEVI STRAUSS 'A. CO.. 82tf Fremont ST. j
Apply to Mr. Da via.' -*•¦ " V - •
WANTED — First - class - Jacket alteration
hands.' Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' - ¦-•- *--
LADY for office .work; must- b« accurate at
figures; city references of - former employer;
salary moderate.-.' Addresa box 34ti0, Call. .
EXPERIENCED business -woman : for' position
outside of city. Box 3409.- Call of fie*.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. ". 16 pages, sent to any.; address in -¦ the
- United States or Canada one year for $1.
HELP WANTED— MAI.E.
A— MURRAY & READY, C31 and 63G Clay st.
Phone Main 5Ms.
L?aa°ing Employment and Labor Agents.
We soeak the German, French, Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
DaniEh languages.
1003 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
60,000 Men Work. Increase <SO,0VO.
GOLD MINES COAL
SILVER MINES ' . /COPPER
Blacksmith, placer mine, $00 and found;
carpenter, mine, north, $G0 and found; C
hand mine™, gold mine, see boss here, $82 50
and found.
ANOTHER MINE.
5 hand miners, good gold mine, no blankets
required; hotel accommodations, reading and
bath room. Inquire about it, $75,- ¦¦¦¦ r -~-
H inuckeris, -quartz mine, $70. -
COAL MINE.
STATE OK WASHINGTON.
10 coal miners, company j guarantee $3 to
$3 70 day can be made; good accommoda-
tions.
Part Fare Refunded.
MURRAY & READY, 034 and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
SHINGLERS,
MECHANICAL.
.LONG JOBS. .
8 carpenters, plain house work, fare 50c, $90
4 carpenters, Berkeley. $3 to $3 50; 2 bridge
carpenters near city, $3 50 day; 4 carpen-
ter* near city. $90.
2 shinglers, fare $1, long job, $1 per M fd.
2 ehlnglers. city job, $1 per M.
2 carpenters, mine district. $97 50.
PLUMBERS.
6 plumbers, fare paid north, $4 day.
4 bench hands; 6 cabinet makers; 3 iron
molders. see bof=s here. $3 00 day; 2 brush-
moliera; 3 paperhangers, city.
MURRAY & READY, G34 and 636 Clay st.
A— ARE YOU
MARRIED?
Working foreman and wife for ranch, $60 fd.
Married farmer, no work for wife, $30 rd.
Farmer and wife, Oregon, $40 found.'
A— SPECIALS.
MISCELLANEOUS
BOOKKEEPER.
Bookkeeper and stenographer, country store.
FOREMAN.
Foreman for scraper gang, Nevada, $65 fd.
FARMS— DAIRIES.
80 plow teamsters $30 to $35 fd. ; 10 general
farmhands. $26 to $30 fd.; 10 milkers, city
and country; 10 choremen and cboreboys.
Boy for grocery store, city Job; boys for
factories.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ITS NEW
' WORK
CENTER OF MINE DISTRICT
20 laborers, long job. $60.
15 teamsters. 2 and * horses. $60.
Ship To-night Ask for It.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay -t.
A — COOKS, WAITERS,
BUTCHERS. ETC.
Camp cook, near city, steady, $50 found.
Second cook, same camp. $40 found.
German cook, country hotel. $50 found.
6 other cooks. 5 waiters, 14 dishwashers,
etc.: 10 butchers, shops and slaughterers. $30
to $C0 fd.; eausage- maker, country shop,
south, $40 and found.
WOODCHOPPER. ,v_ ¦„} ',
10 men to chop stove wood, north, good long
Job. fare 92 50 $2 cord.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
SPECIALS.
4 carpenters, factory, near city, $90.
3 buggy washers, city and country. $60.
Stableman, city company, $60.
Paperhanger, city job; 3 painters, city, $3 60.
Cook's helper, mine boarding-house $30 fd.
Choreman and wife. mine, see boss here,
man for chores, wife for waiting, $60 found.
6 laborers, near city, $60.
Handy man for ranch, $30 and found.
Butcher, country shop, fare $1, $35 found.
Woodchoppers. Santa Clara County, $2 50 a
cord. ¦*-¦*?*
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU^
806 Market St.. room 325. nfth floor.
, Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
Clerical Work Furnished Free to Employers.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
Stenographer $15 week
Manager department store $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
Checker $15 week
Timekeepers ....:$15 week
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $is week
Two shipping clerks $15 week
General office work... $15 week
Bank clerk (bond required) $25 week
Young man learn dentistry $10 week
- 806 Market St.. room 325. fifth floor.
AT HORD & SMtTrFi] ~~
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st. L
Baker to take charge of country, shop, $18
week, room and board, boss here.
Man to run hand roller, street work, $3.
Man to trim bitumen, street work, $3.
Man for dye place, must be dyer, spotter
and dry cleaner. $15 to $20.
Amador County, teamsters. $2, fare $2 35.
Lumber pliers, north, $2 75 to $3.
WANTED— Three butlers .for family work or
waiters accustomed to family work; salaries
from $35, $40 and $50 per month. J. F.
_CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter at.
3 BUTLERS. $35. $40 and $45 and board: aln-
gle American dairy foreman, $60 and found:
dishwasher for country hotel, $25 and
found, fa— advanced; and others. 1 J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento sL
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial st. Phone Bush 833.
4 laborers, lumber company, south, - $1 50
day found; 3 ranch hands. $30 found: 2 la-
borers, load cars, lumber company, $40 fd.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 3d; tel. Bush 405.
3 teamsters, country, $1 day and found.
2 miners. Sonoma County. $2 75 a day. ~
First-class baker, country, $12 week.
3 carpenters, city, $3 50 day.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
DRy clerk. $90; night clerk, $25.
A GOOD under presser on vests: no other need
apply; steady work. Apply R. Thomas S.
N. WOOD & CO.. 49 Geary st. >/« •
CASHBOYS wanted. Apply at S. N. WOOD
& CO.'S. 740 Market at.
BOOKKEEPER, married: familiarity with
hardware or iron business preferred; state
references, age. experience and salary want-
ed. Box 3150. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS, experienced tinner and general
Jobber: steady employment guaranteed for a
good mechanic. Apply CHARLES BROWN &
SON. 807 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS Jewelry engraver; good salary;
permanent position; state references. Box
3494. Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS diamond and jewelry salesman:
good salary: permanent position; no boys;
state previous employment. Box 3495, Call.
YOUNG, energetic men and women wanted for
light work; good pay. with good territory to
work In. Inquire 247 Fifth st.
ONE or two men to learn a good trade; steady
work; no night or Sunday work: $25 security
required. Apply 212 First st.
$500— STEADY, reliable partner, In established
business; pays $80 monthly to each; experi-
ence unnecessary. Apply 283 Fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 173s
Market st. ¦ ,
BARBER for Saturday at 605 Fourteenth st
Oakland.
GOOD barber wanted; union shop. . Call after
10 o'clock. 514 y, Third et.
BELLBOY. Augustine. 945 Post st.
TINSMITHS wanted: steady Job for good
workmen. 17 Drumm st.
BARKEEPER wanted. 93 Third st.
WANTED — A first-class candy helper at
TOWNSEND'S.. __ll_
GOOD meat cutter wanted. Garden Meal
Market, Frultvale, near depot.
BARBERS — Three-chair shop for sale at a
bargain. 1000 Valencia St.
FOR sale — Old-established 2-chalr barber shop-
low rent; good locality. 2403 Folsom st. ' ¦
DRESS goods salesman wanted: must be first-
class. ' Apply - between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' . ¦ .
MEN— The ORIGINAL JNO. A. MOLER.has
opened one of his famous barber colleges at
644 Clay st.; trade taught in 8 weeks; tuition
earned while learning; constant practice; ex-
pert Instructions; positions guaranteed. Call
or write (correct , number) . 644 Clay st.
LAUNDRY driver (with route) by a first -class
union laundry; liberal terms' to the right
roan: apply immediately. Box 3417. Call. ¦
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor. wanted; best nay
. BAUBR MFO. CO.. cor. Twenty-third and
Mission stJ. ¦ .• -:--,..
WANTED— Men to fill , 850 rooms at 20c , per
night; clothes closets, .hair mattress, electric
light in every room. « 681 Howard at. . •¦;,>
FOR : sale— Barber shop; living rooms In rear
Apply at TRO6TS. ' barber supplies, ' 1532
- ¦ Mason: st. :."¦¦.¦- ¦• ¦-' -.y.v :'••,-• -,« .,,5
S. F. Barber College, 741 Ho wardTt. , . want s"aTl
young men. to know, that* it has. the finest
equipped school west of St. Louis ; red. rates.;
GET your shoes half-soled while t waiting -25c
to «0c. 56.1 Mission st.; bet. 1st and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third _t.. Examiner building.
JKLP^A^d-jbale-. -Contlnned^
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Stenographer and bookkeeper, $10 week.
2 florists, $12 to $17 week.
Night porter, age 20 to . 40; references re-
quired; $.'!0 and beard.
Day Janitor,, neat young mtn. $40 to start.
2 liquor salesmen, $100 to $150.
2 boys, picture frame fitters, good salary.
Picture frame fitter, good salary.
2 porters, $25, room and board.
5 stock clerks, electrical fixtures, $5 to start,
2 salesmen, office specialties, good salary.
Job printer and pressman. $2 50 day. -
Advertiser, medical directory, permanent po-
sition for a competent man.
Fancy goods salesman, $100 to $150 month.
Stenographer, $50 and up.
Stenographer. $30 and board.
Candy helper, retail store, $0 week.
Printer's salesman, $10 to $20.
Paper cutter and assistant, printing office,
' $6 to $10. ' •¦:
Man with executive ability, local acquaint-
ance, ?150. • .. -'it,
Bookkeeper, reference required, $C5.
Furniture polisher, $3 50 day. •
Watch Ealewnan, wholesale house, $60 month.
Stenographer who can speak German, $30 to
start.
¦ Placer miners, Alaska, 100 In party.
6 boys. *4 to $6. .
Neat young men to learn to be glove sales-
men behind counter, $8 weefe .
Single hand miners, $3 day; 8 hours' work;
Nevada.
Coupon salesman. $4 day.
509 HEARST BUILDING.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; only Institution teaching the ton-
sorial art. Call or write for free catalogue.
Special offer. Mohler : Barber College, 649
Sacamento st. , _^
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD &
' SMITH, 85 Third St.. Ban Francisco.
WANTED — Men and ¦ women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st. |
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, R«no House proprietor, has
ridded 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
•TRY our men's" shoes, union made: $1 and $1 B0
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st:. Exam. bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
ALL men— Barber trade taught in barber
shops: wages paid while learning; the only
practical method. 647 Commercial st.
WANTED — Boy to learn machinist trade. 256
Fremont st.
YOUNG man for delivery wagon. Delicatessen
etore, 2216 Flllmore St., near Clay.
BARBER wants work Saturday and Sunday;
steady. Address box 3455, Call office.
FOR eale— Barber shop. 1934 Market st.
WANTED — A good porter at Plaza Barber
Shop, Oakland. *
500 BARBERS to buy our new brand of razors.
G. A. TROST Barber Supply Co., 308 Mason.
BARBERS — Best 2-chatr transient shop in Sac-
ramento for sale. Inquire 2092 Mission Rt.
FOR sale — Three-chair barber shop. 779 Fol-
som, near Fourth. ,
TWO men wanted to learn barber trade in
shop; wages paid. 751 . Mission . st.
CANVASSERS fcr new proposition.' Call after
3 p. m.. 415 Eleventh st., -Oakland.
MEN to learn the detective profession. T97
Market st.. room 104.
FOR SALE — A bargain; two-chair barber
shop: must go East. 1608 Devisadero st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart afc
MEN wanted at 137 3d st.. where" shoes' are re-
paired by muehlnery: sewed soles 10 min.,75c.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
1 «
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r. 415.
.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullis. r. 40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 "Third st.,near Mar-
ket — 700" rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertlsfments and eubscrlptlonn has
been, opened at 1008 " "Market St.. , opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.'. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
soi.:cito3s .— *a_— — :s.
MAN or woman to canva— in Oakland: $6 a
day. 1114 Washington st., room 3, 10 to 12.
HORSES AWD WAQOBTS.^
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S.I*.
NEW and second-hand buggies, surreys and
wagons. -100 Golden Gate ave.
GOING out of business: new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission st., nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth St.
WAGONETTES, aurreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
;
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
BROADWAY. 1932. near Laguna — 8 rooms,
bath; marine view; rent $42 50.
HOtrSES FTJBWISHED--rOB SAI.E.
FOR sale — Finely furnished house 9 rooms;
rent reasonable; pays well. 27 Laskle St., be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, off Mission.
II TV AM" C~ AIB8. :
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Earn ea tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ;tel. Park 775.
T-OST AND POTJ m >.
LOST— A small, enameled watch, trimmed with
gold, chain attached, between Franklin Hall
on Fillmore st. and Sixteenth and Mission;
valued as keepsake. Return to 723 Capp st. ;
reward.
LOST — Monday afternoon; between 3 :30 and 6
o'clock, a roll of greenbacks. Finder will
please return to safe deposit vaults of Crock-
er-Wool worth Bank and receive liberal re-
] ward.
LOST — Monday afternoon, a roll of greenbacks;
numbers known. Return to safe deposit vaults
Crocker- Woolworth Bank, and receive liberal
reward.
LOST — October 16, in.-. Tlvoli, a lady's gold
watch, chain anfl charm; $5 reward on re-
turn MISS MACNEIL, 36 Glen Park ave.. oS
Twelfth ct. f between Mission and Howard.
$10 REWARD for return of bitch puppy, four
months old. named Toy; grayish curly coat,
soft: black nose: resembles Eskimo; heavy
limbs; no collar. Return 711 Pine st.
LOST — Bunch . keys; , no use . to any one - but
o-wner. Return to 10S5 Howard St.; reward.
LOST — Oct. IS, amethyst brooch, plain set-
ting; reward.. Address box 3429. Call.
LOST— Gold clasp *nnd ; letter "R" attached:
Rewnrd if returned to 703 Webster st.
LIKE FINDING MONEY. ~~
Selling your old gold and silver to the. Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made into new
j watch cases, j 220 Sutter st
LATOCHE8 TOB H IB B.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaetls Launch Co., Union-st. Wharf ; boat-
Ing & excursions*. 5 Steuart st. ; tel. John 2CS6.
MEDICATE ' . V" -
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick . relief
from irregularities ¦ consult me ; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no «z-
, orbitant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE;; 17. years' ..experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. - DR: WHITE,'
. 702 Market St.. - rooms 7 and 8. ,
LADIES— If you are in trouble, confide In me'
Relief; for irregularities. '. Help for the un-
. fortunate. My. time, is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. . I'm the only GRADUATE
• physician ; here .< who can ; say this. • Call or
* write. - Confidential. ¦< Est.. 14. years. DR.R.
H. WE3TON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WYETH,. specialist ; for, all^female
complaints ; and ; Irregularities; . instant '. relief
guaranteed; 30 years' : experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. " KOHL." . reliable specialist for all fe-
' • male troubles : and irregularities; .instant -re-
' lief • guaranteed. , 100SH - Market at., opp.' 5thu -
DR. G. VT.' O* DONNELL^-Ali i who are ' sick or
¦ in trouble ¦ consult - this ¦ specialist ¦ on '•: female
eomplalntsrpoBltlrely'corrected; the unfortu-"
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
; 'advice, free..' Office/ '10181 Market ,st.r : ' r
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBfiT
- . original method of , treatment. " 1126 Market.'
KNIIT OR A riNE NUT 5ET-RREE WITH WANT ADVERTISEMENTSLast Chance to See World's Fair.
Only. four more sale, dates for cheap tickets
to . the Fair — Oct. / 18th. 20th. 26th and 27th.
For particulars . relative to . making trip ¦ over
Northern Pacific Railway, see T."K. Stateler.
General Agent. 647 Market st.. S. F. •
If you can't tell all you know about
any one, don't hint that you can tell
something and make it worse.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 20.
A. P. Hotaling & Co. to Svend and Mary J.
Larsen, lot on N line of Green street, 184:1 4-5
W of Van Ness avenue, W 27 :« by N 137:6;
|10. 4
Klla J. Walker to George W. Towle, lot on
NW corner of Broadway and Fierce street, W
37:0 by N 100; ?5.
Kstate of Oscar V. or O. V. Walker (by Ella.
J. Walker, executrix) to same, same; ¥25,025.
Sophie K. Chaquette to I'erclval HcPartland,
lot on S line of Ellis street, 30 E of Farn 11
avecue, E 30 by S 75; $10.
F. W. and May E. Bridge to George E. nil
lir.es, lot on N line of Green . street, 171:lu%
W of Devisadero. W 34:4% by N 137:6; $10.
Estate of Julia Leahy (by Michael J. Kelly,
executor ¦ to Vn\ S. Upham, lot on W line • of
Devisadero street. 88:0 S of Jackson, S 50 by
W 137:0; $2400.
Frederick J. Knorre to Sophie G. Bchiro, lot
on SW corner of Golden Gate avenue and Wll
lard street, \V 25 by S 100, and all Interest in
et>tate of Emil ¦ F. Knorre; $10.
Stephen P. Jefferson to Mary A. Jefferson
(wife), lot commencing " S 014 * degree W^rom
point on S line of Jackson street, distant 75:3
,W of Cherry, . where said point " of commence
ment Is where said lin« is Intersected by line
runnlns W at right . angles , with W line of
Cherry from point distant on W line of Cher
ry, :>5 3 of Jackson, SW. to point equidistant
between S line ; of . Jackson and ' N line of
Washington, E 35, . NE • to point 82:2 - S of
Jackson. E to Cherry, N 27:2, W to beginning
and lands --"J 1; rift **sU-Agrrl^Bynn'r^j
Mary A. Jefferson to Stephen P. Jefferson,
lot on W Uns of Cherry street. 63- S of.Jack
son. N 65, W 75:3. SW to point perpendicular
to , W line of Cherry running W from begln
nlrg.W to beginning and lands adjacent- gift
Lulgi Devlncenzl or Lul- de " Vlncensi and
Blancl Devircenil ." to Pietro Gelso. lot on • E
lln« of Blake street, 150 S of ; Geary; S ¦ 25 by
E 120, block ;C. Junipero Homestead ;-Slo -
? Henry Ohlandt to St. Francis Hospital Com
pany, lot; on W line of Julian avenue. 155 x
of Fifteenth street. N 90 by W, 100; ,$10.- "'.
Samuel Zemantky to Samuel and j. H.'
IIEAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
CHOIR TO GIVE ORATORIO.— Oakland.
Oct. 20. — The choir of the First Congrega
tional Church of Oakland will give its elev
enth oratorio service on Sunday evening Octe.
ber 23. Stalner's "Daughter of Jalrus" win
be rendered by a choir of sixty voices under
the direction of Alexander Stewart. The solos
will be sung by the following soloists: Miss
Grace Davis Northrup. Mrs. Carroll Nichol
son. Arthur A. Macurda and Henry L. Perry.
The most elegantly appointed hotel and cafs
in San Francisco. Rooms single and en suite;
54 private baths; phone in every room. Hotel
Clarendon. 543 Post st.. opp. Olympic Club. •
'r'E.vP.'- Wlngerter . (owner) -with J. Looney
(contractor), \: architect A. C. Lutgens—Plumb
ing end pipe fitting for a three-story and base
ment ' frame , building on W line of Flllmore
street, * between Sacramento and California;
53261.
. - Mrs. . Cella Marks (owner) with Adolf Hen
nlngs (contractor), , architects Salfleld ft Kohl
berg—All work for a two-story frame building
onS line of Clay street," 250 W of Spruce, W 25
by S 127 :8U: $6493.
.Caroline Meyers (owner): with Felix Marcuse
(contractor).. -architect — All work for a
two-stcry frame building (two' flats) . on lot on
N, line of Clement street. 57:6; W of Second
aAenue.VW.25 by N, 100; $4200. • -
¦ Caroline Myers (owner). with Felix Marcuse
(contractor), architect — Woodwork,
plumbing, painting, papering, wiring In , build
ing; 757 Market street; $1830.
i ¦- Security • Savings Bank ; (owners) with Yaw
man ¦ & ' Erber Manufacturing ¦ Company (con
tractors), architect, Nathaniel . Blalsdell— Cast
bronze, of ; counter " screen' and two inclosing
partitions, of room .with' pilasters,
rails,'; cornices.-; wickets,-,: electric light ". stand
ards, plateglass with etched. work, name plates
for a. two-story bank building on lot on E line
of .: Montgomery; street, 137:6 8 of California,
E 68:0iby, S 40; $4000. *- ~
M. F. Powers (owner) .with William Linden
(contractor), architect A. J. Barnett — Altera
tions and additions to. a two-story frame bulld
inp on 3 line of Twenty-sixth street. 100 W of
San Jose avenue, W 29 by S 78:6; $2005.
J. J. Mack (owner) with H. L. Petersen (con
tractor), architects Newsom & Newsom — Grad
ing.- and concrc-te work . for a three-story and
basement frame and concrete building on NE
corner of Scott street and'. Pacific avenue, 120
on Scott by 68:6 on Pacific avenue; i $4600. .
Rosanna Baldwin to George and Lizzie Lam.
bert, lot on NE line of Twelfth avenue. 375
NW of L street. NW 25 by NE 100 block 220,
South San Francisco Homestead; $10.
Georgo E. and Harriet : E. Thlstleton and
Arna D. Joost to John B. and Catherine Sul
livan, lot on N line of Lobos street, 225 E of
Plymouth. E 25 by N 125 lot 5. block Q.
Railroad Homestead; $10.
Sara L. and William E. Hanson to John' T.
Bradley, lots 387 to 380. Gift Map 4; $10.
Jacob Heyman Compariy to Martin and Jes
sie Halloran. lot 02, block B, Park Lane Tract;
$10. ,¦¦;-¦.
Luke C and Alice G. Porteus.to Wencel H.
and Selma Schubert, lot on N line of Cres
cent street. 173:5 E of Holly. E. 25 by N 100,
lot 4*1. block 5. Holly Park; $10.
' Phlllpp and Elizabeth . Zimmermann to Al
fred McLaughlln. lot on NW line of Railroad
avenue. 79.815 NE of Fourteenth street, NE
26.605. NW 79. 8W 25," SE 85, lot 11, block
266, O'Neil & Haley Tract; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
James ¦ Q. Dixon to B. ' Brooks Lee. lot on
N line of T street, 82:6 W of Forty-fifth ave
nue. W" 50 by N 100; $10.
B. Brooks Lee to William H. Kehres. same;
$1C
Julius C. Rels to Louis A. Noonan. lota 20
and 21, block 43; Rels Tract: grant.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Louise and
Rose -A. V. Hllder lot on W line of First
avenue. 100 S of B street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Mary E. Tansell to William J. and Rose
Watson,- lot on - W line of Seventeenth ave
nue, 200 N of D street, N 23 by W 120; $10.
City Realty Company (corporation) to Charles
R. Hansen, lot on s line of H street, 32:6 W ot
Sixth avenue, W 25 by S 05; $10.
James F. Leddj» to FredB. Surryhne, lot on
W line of Twenty-eighth avenue, 275 8 Of I
Btreet. S 25 by W 120; $10.
W. W. Shaffer to J. R. Garrett Company,
lot on AV line of Forty-sixth avenue, 175 N of
L street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Bloom, lot on W line of Potrero avenue, 187.75
S of Twenty-fifth street, SW 56 degrees -45
minutes 13.75, 8 5S.58. S 97.33. E 25.01. NE
107.08. E 15.60. N 38.72: $10.
J. B. Painter Company to Daniel and Mary
McHugh. lot on SW corner of Twenty-flfth and
Bryant streets, S 40 by W 100; $10.
John E. and Julia L. Behan to same, lot on
Vf line of Bryant street, 40 S of Twenty-flfth,
S 25 by W 100; $10.
Mary L. Zimmerman (Dooley) (wife of Frank
C.) and Mary E. Chllton (Dooley) and Robert
S. Chilton to Charles Holbrook, lot on N line
of Butter Btreet, 122:9 W of Sansome, W 0:3 by
N 137:6: $10
Virginia and William K. Vanderbllt to Mar
tin Sherwood, lot on NE corner of Montgomery
avenue and Jackson street, E 69:11%, N 275,
W 137:6. S 192:10H. SE 100:11; $10.
Victoria and H. C. <Siml, Emma C. Krone,
Ella E. . Plnella and Beatrice E. Stiles to Siml
Land Company, lot on S line of Green street,
120 E of Dupont, S 82:6 by E 18:4%; also
lot on E line of Kearny street, 34:4 Hi S of
Union. S 36:4% by E 60; $10.
George D. and Ltllle B. Toy to Solomon
Getz, lot- on E line of Twenty-eixth avenue,
250 N of C street. N 50 by E 120; $10.
Supervisors Hocks, Lunstedt, D'An
cona. City Engineer Woodward, .Fire
Commissioners Boyne and Parry and
other city officials -yesterday made a
visit of inspection, to Twin Peaks to
locate a reservoir site for the pro
posed salt water auxiliary system, for
which $150,000 was appropriated in
the last budget. The City Engineer
has prepared plans showing the exact
location of the reservoir, together
with the roads running: thereto. It
was agreed to make the necessary
recommendation to the Board of Su
pervisors that the site be acquired.
Inspect Reservoir Site.
Mr. Fickert was allowed a ten days'
stay to enable him to perfect an ap
peal.
"I think it is shown by the tes
timony," said Mr. Fickert, "that Lim
went to China at the age of
four years and lived there with
his ¦ parents until he became of
age. At that time he did not elect to
become a citizen of the United States,
but continued to live there and re
mained a subject of the Emperor of
China. It is a principle recognized by
a large number of States and by. this
country where there Is a conflicting
claim to the allegiance of the petition
er, one country claiming him by reason
of his birth within its Jurisdiction and
the other by virtue of his parentage,
he must, upon reaching his majority
or within a reasonable time thereafter,
make an election of his nationality. If
the petitioner remained in China after
having become of - full age he is pre
sumed to have abjured his American
nationality and for that reason should
be denied admission to the United
States even if he could establish the
fact that he was born in the United
States."
Commissioner Heacock said he did
not think that the point could be raised
in this case upon the testimony- "I
think," he added, "that he has given
a reasonable excuse for not returning
sconer and the testimony is affirma
tive that he was all the time thinking
of returning to this country when he
came of age. Therefore I hold adverse
ly to the Government on this proposi
tion.".
Judge de Haven said yesterday that
he could not see anything in the testi
mony to warrant his reversing the ac
tion of the commissioner.
Counsel for the Government received
a setback yesterday • in the United
States District Court by the discharge
of Lim Fong on habeas corpus. Lim
alleged he was born in Oakland and
as a native American demanded ad
mission to this tcountry on his" return
from China, whither he had been taken
when a child by his parents. The Chin
ese Bureau, always stricter with men
than with women, denied him admis
sion. On the habeas corpus hearing
before Commissioner Heacock Assist
ant United States Attorney Charles
M. Fickert raised the point that admit
ting Lim's statement to be true, he
was a native American, but he had
forfeited his right to be a citizen by
remaining in China and allowing him
self after his majority to be considered
a subject of that Government.
A few days before Mr. Lent was
taken fatally ill Miss Fannie visited
her closest friends and told them that
she knew that her father must die.
She added that in that event she would
have nothing further to live for, al
though she loved her brothers and
sister.* ¦ _.
"My father has been very near and
dear to me," she said, "and if he
were taken from me I should have
little that I care to live for. I have
had nothing but trouble for years and
he . has been my comfort and ; the
brightest spot in my - life." J '
Wednesday afternoon the remains of
Mr. Lent were interred in the Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery and ; after the funeral
Miss Lent returned to the Polk street
mansion and retired to her . room,
where she gave violent vent to her
great ; grief. . At about 9 o'clock she
announced that she was . in need of
sleep and bid her brother. and friends
good-night. Her ; death: is thought to
have occurred soon after this hour.
Most" of Miss Lent's time was de
voted to societies that have -for their
purpose the distribution of clothing
and food: for the- poor. r No woman in*
the city had a higher character.
From the date of this separation
Miss Lent was never the same. She
inherited her mother's sweet disposi
tion and patience, but despite her
pleasing characteristics there was a
shadow over all that could not be dis
sipated.; Offers of marriage were not
uncommon to Miss Lent, but she
spurned them. Her experience had
been too bitter for one of her retiring
nature to soon forget, and she made
up her mind to live the life for all that
home, mother, father, sister and
brothers could make it.
Then fell the second great affliction.
One of her brothers died. Following
quickly upon this blow came the death
of the mother. The interval between
Mrs. Lent's death and the death of the
father was one of trial for Miss Fannie.
She realized that the old gentleman
had not long to life, for as he put it:
"My daughter, I am growing weaker
and I fear that I will not be with you
very much longer." Bffffl
SUE SAW THE END.
Captain Alexander proved himself a
frivolous person, a man who would not
"fit a character for Kipling or one who
¦could live the part of the "bold and
dashing soldier of the plains." He was
weak and 1 shallow. Miss Lent, who
was a woman of keen perception and
fine feelings, learned in a few
days to abhor his personality and the
honeymoon was cut short by the bride
leaving the hotel one evening and hur
rying back to her father in San Fran
cisco.
BITTER DISAPPOINTMENT.
Yesterday morning at 8 o'clock her
brother George sent, a young woman
named Hannah Sullivan to awaken his
sister. Miss Lent's bedroom was emp
ty and her bed had not been occupied.
The brother immediately searched the
house and on approaching the bath
room on the second floor detected the
odor of gas. In a trice he forced an
entrance and found his unfortunate
sister prone upon the. floor, the room
filled with gas. Life was extinct and
it was plain that the young woman had
committed suicide, so Mr. Lent tele
phoned to the Coroner. Dr. Leland
permitted the remains to be held at the
home, where the Inquest will be held
to-day.
Miss Lent, who has always been
known as "Mrs. Lent," acknowledging
marriage, but avoiding use of her hus
band's name, retired at about 9 o'clock
Wednesday evening- The supposition
is that she immediately went to the
bathroom, placed the quilt on the floor
and turned on the gas.
On Wednesday afternoon Miss Fannie
attended the funeral of her father. Her
grief was painful to behold. Friends
said that they feared for her mental
ity, and those who knew of her other
sorrows remarked that wealth does not
always bring happiness.
It was in the stately old mansion at
the corner of Polk and Eddy streets that
Miss Lent pledged her love to Captain
Alexander of the regular army. This
was when she was a pretty young so
ciety bud, much admired by the hand
some gallants of the days when the
Lent residence was one of the centers
of social activity. The wedding was
attended by only a few intimate friends
of the family and after the ceremony
the bridal pair left for an army post
in Arizona; whence they proceeded to
New York, where sumptuous apart
ments were ordered at the Windsor Ho
tel.
DISCOVERY OF BODY.
The charm of social enjoyment had
faded from her desire and repeated sor
row preyed upon her sensitive nature.
In a bathroom of the Lent residence
she removed the Jet from the gas burn
er some time during Wednesday night,
turning on the poisonous vapor, lay
down upon a quilt that she had care
fully spread upon the floor of the
apartment, and died.
This brief . record of family history
goes far to explain the probable mo
tive that prompted Miss Fannie Lent
to end her existence with her own
hands.
Last Monday William Lent, father,
died at the ripe age of 86 years. He was
a pioneer, a man of wealth and a mer
chant of the old California school. The
daughter was devoted to him and dur
ing his illness she was his constant
companion.-
Two years ago Mrs. William M. Lent,
mother of Miss Fannie, Miss Catherine
and of Eugene and George Lent, died.
No sweeter woman ever moved in the
exclusive social set of San Francisco.
None grieved for her more than did
Miss Fannie.
Troubles such as seldom enter the
life of a young woman of wealth, cul
ture and social position bore heavily
upon Miss Fannie Lent, daughter of
the late William M. Lent, and yester
day they ended in suicidal death at
the home of the Lents. 699 Polk street.
Fifteen years ago Miss Lent was dis
appointed in marriage. ' From that
time to the date of her death she has
lived only for the good that she could
do others and not for the good she
could accomplish for herself.
Annie B. Higgins yesterday filed an
affidavit on a motion for an order di
recting Theodore S. Higgins, dentist
and hotel-keeper, to show cause why
he should not be punished for con
tempt of court. She says that he has
paid only $45 under the order of the
court awarding her $100 a month ali
mony and $250 for fees. There is now
$305 due. She also charges that he
violated the court's injunction against
the removal of furniture from the Ho
tel Inverness: that he did remove some
of the furniture and then forced her
to dispose of her interest in the busi
ness at less than It was worth.
Divorces were granted by Judge
Kerrigan to Josephine Poole from An
drew E. Poole. desertion; to Louise A.
Howard from William S. Howard, neg
lect; by Judge Hebbard to Ellse
Koebsch from Charles W. Koebsch.
desertion; by Judge Graham to Cath
erine Pearson ' from John Pearson,
cruelty; by Judge Sloss to Fred N.
Hall from Maud M. Hall, cruelty; by
Judge Seawell to Nellie R. Henry from
Clarence A. Henry, for cruelty. In the
Henry case the husband was accused
of having denied in public that Nel
lie was his wife, of turning on the gas
in her room without lighting It and
of going to Manila with the intention
of deserting her. .
Suits for divorce were filed by Frank
J. Gregory against Margaret Gregory,
dtsertlon; Emma Frances Howe
against Sam Howe, desertion; John
Peltier against Marie Peltier, deser
tion (she left him six days after their
marriage in August of last year);
Thomas G. Jones against Levina Jones,
desertion; Anna M. Brewer against
John W. Brewer, cruelty. The Brew
ers were married on September 2,
1903, and on the 8th he knocked her
down. Twice since then, she says, he
has threatened to kill her.
The Judge who hears the divorce
suit of Eunice P. Cushman against
Charles H. Cushman will have to re
read Harriet Beecher Stowe's classic
or go again to a "Tom Show" in or
der to appreciate the force of one of
the allegations in the wife's lurid
complaint. After reciting several spe
cific acts of Cushman's cruelty to her
self and children. Mrs. Cushman
summarizes his tendency to inhuman
ity in the following words: "The
defendant is of a domineering, tyran
nical and nagging disposition and has
a violent and uncontrollable temper
and during a great part of the time
since his marriage with the plaintiff
he has acted the part of Legree in
•Uncle Tom's Cabin' and. with his
whip in hand, domineered and ruled
over the plaintiff and his children,
keeping them in constant fear of bodi
ly injury."
Cushman earns $70 a month in the
Oakland postomce and owns property
in San Francisco worth $6300, the dis
position of which has been enjoined by
Judge Kerrigan.
Attorney Clara M. Foltz appeared in
Judge Kerrigan's court yesterday for
Mattie Gilliland, who obtained a di
vorce from Frank Gilliland on the
ground of neglect. The husband was
in court and wanted to interpose an
answer unless the plaintiff would agree
to waive claims for alimony and coun
sel fees. "I told you on the car this
morning that we wanted nothing,"
said Mrs. Foltz, and Bailiff Duffy
forced Gilliland to subside.
In Judge Hebbard's court Isabella
Lagomarsino obtained an annulment
of her marriage with Louis . Lagomar
slno, which occurred on December 24,
1902, when she was only 16 years and
5 months old. The suit was brought
through her father, Alexander Malerbi,
who had not consented to the union.
James M. Daley sued his wife, Pin
oliver Daley, for divorce on the
grounds of desertion, intemperance
and cruelty and in connection with
the latter charge he says she induced
her nephew to club him into insensi
bility.
William M. Lent's Death
Is Followed by That
of His Favorite Child
Native American Returning
to Father's Country Ought
to Leave at Majority
After Two Years Girl Has
Union Annulled Because
of Her Tender Age
GRIEVED OVER TROUBLES
MUST ELECT HIS FLAG
TOO YOUNG TO MARRY
Miss Fannie Lent Wearies
of Her Continued Sorrows
and Turns on the Gas
Novel Point Is Raised by
Government in .... Chinese
Habeas Corpus Proceeding
Wife of Postoffice Employe
in Oakland Declares He
Rules Family With Whip
ENDS HER LIFE
IN OLD MANSION
CITIZENSHIP
A LIVE ISSUE
SAYS HUSBAND
IS LIKE LEGREE
THE - SAN. v FRANCISCO CALI:; FRIDAY, : OCTOBER . 21; 1904:
14
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
M califorSia 1
I limited to chic^coI
H LEAVES MONDAYS tnd THURSDAYS
t§ at O:3O a. m.; thronsrh In 3 Aay«.l
¦ "With diner and all trapping:*. Era
Other Santa Fe Trains:
fl-loaS'l For Stockton . Fresno. Bakersfield.
8:00p!mj Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices— 041 Market «t. and Ferry Depot
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal. : also 27 South 1st, San Jose.
ToSAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
. "Via Sa.usa.llto Terry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at t7'0.\
7:45. 8:25. 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.; 1U5 3-|,-,
4:35. 5:15. 6:30, 6:30, 7:15. 0:00 and ll\si
p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at t«:!0 :
7:35. 8:15. 8:50. 9:35. 10:60 a. m.; 1 :3(\
4:25. 5:03. 5:42. «:22. 6:57. 7:4O «mi IJ-ja '
p. m.i^pMIBB^asjBHMi
' tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:43 a, m. ; altn s>f
unlays at 3:13 p. m.. and dally except S.itur
day ami Sunday at 5:13 p. m.
THROUOH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Casadero and way ata.t>nn«
3:15 p s m.. Saturdays only-Kor CawVltro"
etc. '-Itf^,
8:15 p. ro. dally, txefpl Saturday and Sun.
day.' for TomaU*. *te. ¦ uq
TICKET orriCB-ttO Mark*l at.
rKRIir-UnlOD D»p«t. foot of liark.t ei,
_y<f~H*^s. Tr»ln« !•»?• and srn tin*
y^rn>jf\ to arrl ™ at
n£4plSz] SAN FRANCISCO.
\ V "jbS "Jt'ti *"»O* OCTOBSB 2. 1301
Fmkt Dkpot
\j/ (Foot of MarJret Street >
wvit - MAIN LINE. -*kmt«-
7.00a Vacavllle. Wiutera. Itnmaey / SQ»
7.00a Benicts, Elmlra and Sacramento.. 720»
7-30A Vallejo. Xaf.ii. CalUtos*. Saau
Rosa. Martinez. Saa Ramon 6 2Q>
730* Xlles, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.... 723»
8.00A tfhanta Express— (Via *>**}?>•
William*. Wlllowa, tKrnto. Ked
Blutt Portland, Tacoma, Seattle 7.50»
8 CCA Davis. Woodland. K nights Landing.
M»r»»v!lle. Orovllle 7-50*
0.3OA Tort Cost*. Martinez. AntfocB.
Byron, Tracr. Stockton. New-
man, Los Banos. Mend ota.
Armon.. Ilanfurd. VI sails,
Portarvlile •• «.2t>
§.30a port Costa. Modeato. Mereed.
Fresno. Gosn«n Junction, lisa-
ford, VImI!». nakersield ... ... «5a»
830a Nile* San Jose. I.lrermore. Stock-
ton. (t)ll!tonl. lone, oacrnnjento,
Marjifllle. Chlco. Ked Bluff .... 4-2>
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Tuoliunne and Angels ..... «Z"»
. t-COA Atlantic Express— Ogden and Bj»l. 623«»
t30A Richmond. Martlne* and Way
Station ¦-••• 85a *
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ogrten.
I Omaha. Chl.-.ago. Denver. Kansas
' City. St. Loui» A12Z
10.00a Vallejo ••— «2S»
10.00a Lo, Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa, Marttnes. Byron. Tracr.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
lUjrmoBd. Fretno. Goahen Juno-
tlon. llanford. Lemoore. vlsalis.
Bakersfleld. Los Angelea 7.Z0»
i 1*.0Cm Hay ward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3-20*
, tl .OOP Sacramento River Steamers t11.00»
3 JOP Benlda, Wlntera. Sacramento.
Woodland. Kntghta Landing:.
! Maryavllle, Orovlllo aad way
statlona • '9-9«
• J.SOnayward.yileaandWay titatlona.. 7.50*
4.00PMarUnex.Sau Ramon. Va:iejo,2>apa,
Caliatoca. Santa Ro»» .X'SS
; 4C0P Nlles, Tracr. Stockton. LoUt ...... 'Of 0 ,*
43CP Hay ward. Nlles. Irvlngton. Saa» tS.50*
Jose. LtTennore » tii.&UA
6-GCPTfce Owl Limited— N'ewmaa. Lot
Baaos, Mendoia. Fretno. Tularo,
Bakerifleld, Los Angsies 5-2*
tSSOP ITayward. Nlles and San Jote ..... 7.20*
6-COp Hay ward. KUea aad San Jose. 9.5OA
CC3p Eastern Express — Omaba. Chicago,
Denver. Kansas City. St. Loula,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento
Col fax. Reno. Sparks, Tonopah,
Keeler. O«den 12-50*
f.OOp Vallejo, dally. except Sunday.... t 7 cq 9
7-00p Vallejo. Sunday only I '""•
7X0P Ulebmond. 6an Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinet and Way Statlona 11. ZM
• .OSPFort Cotta, Martinez, Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced, Berenda, Kresno and
Way Stations beyond Ton Cotta 12>Z0p>
805p Tosemlte Valley, via Berenda and
Wawona (Monday, Wednesday
and Friday) .552*
I-CSp Martlnes. Tracy. Stockton 10.2O*
t-OSP Oregon * California Express— Sao-
ramento. Maryavllle. Redding.
Portlasd.Paget Soand and East. 8.50*
t.iOPHayitanl, Nlles aad San Jote (Sua-
< day only) II.jO*
COAST LINE <>«rnm Uaagt).
(Foot of Market Strwet.)
••16a Newark. Oentervllle. San Jote,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa.
Cms and Way Statlona 6539
t2-15p Newark. Centorvtlle. Saa Joae,
New Almaden.Loa Gatoa.Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crna and
Principal Way Stations tlO 55*
4.1EP Newark. Saa Jose, Lot Gatos.. .{ *]§.££*,
c9-30p Banters' Train (Saturday only)—
San Jote aad War Statioat t7-2Sp
COAST LINE (Uroarf l.ao«.>.
tr (third and Towmend 8trecta.)
6-1 Oa 6an Jote and Way Statlona. 6 30*
7 00a Saa Jote and W*y stations B-40*
SOOa New Alznaden (Tnes.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
•00a Th« Coaster— San Jote. Sallnaa.
San Ardo, Pato Kobles, Santa
Margarita. San Lala Obitpo,
Gaadalupe. Gavtota. Santa Bar-
bara. Saa Buenaventura. Mon*
talTO. Oxnard. B o r b a a k. Lot
Angeles 10 30*
1X0 a Gllroy. Hollltter. Cast7ovlUe. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf, Lorn-
poc 10.30*
8,00a San Jote. Tret Plnos.Watsonvllle,
Capttola. Santa Cruz, Pacific
Grove. Sallnaa, San Lnla Obitpo
and Principal War Stations. ... 4-10b
10.30a Baa Joae and Way Statlona......... 1.20f»
11 30a San Jose and Way Stations.. ...... 7.J0=»
2. 15p 6an Jote and Way Stations 8 38*
3-COPDel Monte Kxprett— Santa Clara,
Ean Jote, Wattonviile, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Mod terey.
Pacific G rove 12 15p
) IS OOP Lo» Gatos. WriKht. Boulder Creek.
' Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge t10-45*
8-3CP Vale ncl« St. Sonth San Francisco.
Burtlngame. Saa Jote. Gllroy,
IIoI litter. Tre* Ptnos jo 4S*
430p Pan Jote and Way Stations ?« 00*
tS-OOPEanU Clara, San Jo»e. Loa tiatos.
and principal Way Station* (ex- •'•'~-,j
cept Sundav) t9 00*'
|5.30p Ean JoteandPrinelpnlWay Stations »a4O»
: 6 45p Sunset F.xprets.— Uedwood. San * ***
\ Joie.Gilroy.Sallnas.PaioKoblea.
Ean Lult Obfspo, Santa Barbara,
Lot Angelet. Penning. Kl Pata
St.Loots, NewOrleto*. XewTork ft 1fl»
B.45P Pajaro, Watoonville, C» pi tola.
\ £ant» Cruz. CattroTllle, Del
! • Monte, Pacific Grove !0.30»
18-15P EanMatco.Bereaford.Belmont.San
Carloa. Hedwood, Fair Oaka,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t8.49*
8-30pBan Jote and Way Stations 6-38*
S.COp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10 15*
11.30P South ScAfrsncttco. MlUbrae.Bur*
Unganw. Saa Mateo. Beloont.
San CarJoa. Hedwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto ** Ax m
•1130P MijfleW. Mountain View, Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Bant* Clara aad
San Jote tS.4Bsi
A for Morning. P for Afternooa.
1 Sands? e xcepted. t Sunday only
• Saturday enly. b Monday qo].
iS.icna at all stations on Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburoa Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SA2T 7BANCXSCO TO S>— BAPAEI..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:0O, ll:0O a. m.: 12:35.
3:3O. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:C0, «:2O, ll:S0 p. m.
SAN EAPAEL TO SAW PSAHCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:"5, 7:50. 9:20. 11: IS
a. m. : V2-.5O, 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. ml; 1:40. 3:*0,
4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave j In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. f Saa Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. ( days. | Uon^ [ days^f JDays.
7:30 a 8:66 a 9:10 a 3:40 a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p S:OS p 0:20 p
5:10p 5:0Op 7:S3p
~7:30a 9:10 a 8:40*
8 :0O a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:08 p 6:20 o
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
I 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35p «:to p
8:S0p 3:30 p
Windsor.
T:"0a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:10 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p GeysenrlUe. 7:33 p 8:20 9
Cloverdale.
7:S0a| 8:00 al Hopland |10:4O a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| and Ukiah. | T:35p| «:2Op
j I WUlits and j T~
7:30 a) 8:00 a} Sherwood. | T:33 p| 6:20 p
"7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20~a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Ouernartlle. | 7:33 p) 8:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma, I 0:10 a I 8-40~a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pj 6:20 p
7 -.30 al S :00 at 110:40 all0-20a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. |7:33p{ «:2O p
STAGES cennect at Green Brae for
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Sprlncs and Mark West SprlnRs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at GeysorvUle for Skagzs
Springs ; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
vllle an«S Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllie. Carls-
bad Sprlnxa. So<la Bay. Lafceport. Bartlett
?& r . ln w\ "i, V k *o Count r "ot Springs: at
LkUh for Mchy Springs. Saratoga Springs,
fllue Lakes. Laurel Pell Lak?. Witter Spring
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Lierly'a. Bucknell'a SanheUrin
Heights. Hullvllfr. Orr** Hot Springs Halfwav
Hou»*. Comrtehe. Hopkins. Mendocin© City.
Fort Drag*. Ucatport and Usaal; at Willlts for
llearat ani Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
Bell ¦ Springs. HarrlsTHubbard. Fruitland.
*?'* "L*"* 1 "** Can>p *• I"«PP«rirood, Scct'.a
• na l.urrko,
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
>-^T f«n«5*T- Round-trip tickets to ail points
beyond San Rafa«| «t half rates.
T'oket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
Duiiuinx
JA*.L. FRA2IER, n. X RTA-V.
G *n. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpai^Railway^
It. Saa rrmaat^ I Ar. Saa ftiicie*
u7Vn" o : i« A Se3^feS~ 1:aOp> '10:50a
1";45p" l';45H \^S^ frill ~~*i' : 3r
Samrdar. lt:J«T
MlaCwvltTCar V MHi»alpau> to Kill TaSg
•fifflM 1 * vV) /J < * KltT s T.,(North Shore RailroudJ
ynCP UndSAU^AUTO Fury, Foot MirirtSt.
WEEKLY CALL, *l.00 PES YSAA
BMsssssssfsstsssl t M* iMsslsslsal 1 1
KEAL ESTATE — COOTrTBY — Tor Sale. !
FOK SALE.
The Potter ranch, three miles north of
Nara, has been subdivided into 15 blocks,
ranging from l» to 30 acres each; this ranch
in nicely located in the center of Napa Val-
ley, near a rood rchool. and is offered for
ea'.e at the low price of $65 to $!X> per acre
bv ;;*;a and Fan Francisco Real Estate
Co.. 25 North Main St.. Napa. Cal.
SNAP.
FOR SALE Oil EXCHANGE.
ICO-acre full bearing fruit ranch, mostly
prunes: all necessary appliances for handling
the crop: two cets buildings: will divide and
•ell on (•««•• terms or exchange for Oakland.
Berkeley or S. F. pro;*rty; r-rlc<s S30.U<)0.
J. H. EDSON. 14 and 15 Bacon block. Oak-
land.
EALC or exchange for city property; sacrifice;
153 acres. Napa Co.; CO acres In cultivation:
frolt, vines and grain; fully equipped and
paying: beautiful place: gentleman's home.
EHADBURNE. 405 Montgomery st.
POULTRY men and small farmers buy now:
finest valley land In Sonoma County on very"
eapy terms; send for descriptive circular.
PETERS & BAINES. 116 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION. HOME.SEEiCERS! .
Send pr*tal for catalogue* of the best land
barralcs la California. C. M. WOOSTEIt CO..
648 Market at.
f&OOO WILL secure a large tract of land that
If wcrth four times the amount asked; must
be sola before November 1; a chance to make
& fortune; positively no risk- Bex 2702. Call.
A ENAP for immediate cash; 200 awes of the
finest land in Northern California. ALEX
Ml'RDOCK, 875 Thirty-seventh at.. Oakland.
BZAL ISTATE TO BXCHAWOE.
AN elegant 10- room house in the best location
In Oakland to exchange for land or lots. P
C. LABSEN A CO.. 466 Tenth St., Oakland.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley or S. F. property
for ranches. J. H- EDSON, 14-15 Uacon
block. Oakland.
ROOMS 7OS HOTJSEKEEPIWO.
CALIFORNIA. 1264 — Two large sunny rooms;
middle Boor; use of laundry and large sunny
yard. J
SDDY. 1234 — Unfurnished and furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
EIGHTEENTH. 3402, near Valencia — 2 sunny
furnished rooms; Housekeeping; bath.
ELLIS, 836 — 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms to let; yard. -
ELLISDELL. 217 Post— Elegant suite for light
housekeeping; aiso single room: reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. S7O— Nicely furnished
front alcove, with kitchen; private home.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1204 — A eunny parlor
suite, suitable for housekeeping; also single
rocms; bath and phone.
GREEN. 1812 — Nice room; one or two ladles
or couple; housekeeping privileges.
HYDE and Washington <apply 1505 Washing-
ton — 3 newly furnished housekeeping rms. :
•very convenience; fine view; tel. Hyde 2506.
JESSIE. 323 — Sunny, back room; furnished
hskeeping; gaa range, sink, closet; $2 75 wk.
JONES. 816H. near Geary— Will let unfur-
nlshed to adult*. 3 rooms for housekeeping in
• fine lower rear flat. Apply on pisznises.
XKNILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell — Thre*-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loo.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
funny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reaa.
LACUNA. 1507, cor. Geary — Elegant 3-room
eunny suite; modern; private family; reas.
MINNA. 646 — Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping-.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
S12: gas range: hot bath: adults.
POLK, 336. cor. McAllister — Large front room
and small cooking place for light house-
keeping.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— Parlor floor, 5 elegantly
furnished, sunny housekeeping rooms; piano.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3305—2 small sunny un-
furnished rooms; gas; yard; f5 monthly.
UTAH. 538. east of Bryant — Large bsement.
furnished., newly painted, gas, sink, toilet,
hot and cold water, cheap.
AfABTMEBT HOUSES.
CT. LOUIS. 1373 Jackson— Marine view; 3-4-i
rooms: furn. or aafnr.; refs. TeL East 1350.
H.OOSCS TO IiET— rnrn. and XTnf ttra.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to |1 per night, (1 25 to |5 per week and
llr-t housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth at.)— Rooms, 25c. COc. $1. $1 50 night;
tl 50 to $10 week; bouse open all night.
EELMOND House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to Zoc per night; II 25 to $3 week. ]
EDDY. 110 — Launston — Opp. .TJ\-oli; fine fur-
nished rooms for transients; reas. rates.
KRANKLIN. 721 — Sunny furnished front room;
110; all conveniences.
GEARY. 1143— Newly and attractively fur-
nished rooms; all sunny, bath, phone; run-
nlng water: reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
*to tl 2a night: tl SO to $8 trk.; reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 111. "The Astoria" — Downtown;
pretty rooms; $1 per day; week. S3 up.
HARRISON. 748— $5. $6. $7.- single and double
rooms; will permit housekeeping.
HOWARD, 62»— Furnished room to let
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to tl day and tl 25 to <5 week.
K33ARNY. 104 — 3 unfurnished rooms; sunny;
bay window; front; t22 60; housekeeping;
adult*; references.
MARKET. 1049 (The * Falmouth)— Eunny
rooms; t2 BO to <7 week; elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third St.— 400
•Ingle and family rooms S.'o to tl 50 per day,
12 to tS per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San FrancUco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
CPARRELL. SS8 — Sunny front parlor and side
room; business center; quiet block.
POET. 217. rear Grant ave.— Elegant front
suite; also single room; resLScnabie.
POWELL. 25S— Edinburgh— Furcished rooms
en euite and alagle; suitable for office.
BOTAL HOUSE. 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights-
re&dlBg-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, «5c to tl 60; week. 12
to *8; month. $6 to t39; elevator on ground
Coor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH. 143 — Rooms with housekeeping privi-
leges.
6TOCKTON. 41— Nicely furnished sunny suite
also alngie rooms. J2 to 97 week.
ST. REGIS. Hyd« ani Kiln— New house* new
furnishings: fresh and clean; hot aad cold
water; baths; everything sanitary; elevator
service; if sunshine and cleanliness Is an ob-
ject see thea* rocms; $3 per week up.
SUTTER. 622— Pleasant furnished rooms- nice
location. ' e
TAYLOR. C24. near Sutter— Sunny, front, bay-
window room; $12.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THK '
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY- NEW
SANITARY HA IH MATTRESSES BATHS
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERvl
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM |3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont, £61 Sutter— New brick bldr
finely furnished: hot. cold water, steam heat!
privilege to baths; $2 50 to $5 per week.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms C5c to tl night, tl 75 to $C week; elec-
tric lights (no gss>, running water In every
?'Qn; elevator, «»d--room; tree bus; bafstge.
WANTED— A lady to take a room in~newTv
furnished Cat: rent reasonable to the right
party: uee of kitchen If preferred. S3 Ccl-
llnr»ocd at., cor. Eighteenth.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms-
25c to tl CO night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
'lee, lights; reading-room ; free bus; baggage.
House, cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per r.'itht up; el»-
_ sant transient rooms. 5Oc per night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* recelveiTTt
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan Jk Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
tif advertisements and subscription!* has bc-en
•^petivd at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth
Osen until 11 11. m.
3J0OMSj^OT> BO ASS. ~~~~
ET. GEORGE. 1C18 "wMhTnEto^Tlusr'^ea"
handsome, newly furnlFhcd. suany suites; pri-
vate-baths: single rocms: modern convea-
»ene<a: exce!!e:it table board: reasonable rates.
PO ? V . ELL '- S1 *- n '' ar California— Elegantly fur-
iilehed sunny frcnt parlor, with or without
breakfast and dinr.cr. In refined -pMv.-< family.
E ?£ T# 11=8t ctv - J «Cerscn Park— Flno furn.
•unay rooms; table board; reas.; new muiu.
ROOMS AXD BOAnP— Contlnned.
NICE sunny furnished room with board. If
wanted, for lady or gentleman l«»Ptl™«
family on the "Nob Hill." Box 3231. Call.
ELLIS 453— Nice furnished rooms with best of
French tabla beard; reasonable. :
ELLIS, 453— Nice furnished rooms, with ex-
cellent French table board. '
ELLIS, 1174— Room with beard for two young
men; private family; references. ;
HOWARD, MIA— First-class board and room,
single or double. $5 week; American family.
ROOM and board to let in private place. Ap-
ply box. 3327. Call office.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Chufch annex,
COT California— See rms. learn prlces.try table.
CHESTNUT. 266 — One Urge room, with board;
reasonable.
BOOMSJffP BOABB WANTED.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wishes home In
private family; etate conditions. Box 3461.
Call.
— — *^^—— — —^^— — —
STOBAOEj^fp JWAEEKOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 101.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
Uce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'8 Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gat« ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore at.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
at.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEwraraMACHTgESi^roBOTPLrjB&
1000 RENTERS— Don't fail to visit the new
retail office of the White Jf you wish to rent
the best sewins machine on earth; price for
rent of best drophead machines. $2 per
month. Remember the place. 915 Market st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use: best
le cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3, $5, $8; slightly
used $10. $15. |20: you know where the dolls
•wing in the window. 1051 Market ft.
SPSCIAL KOTICE8.
EXECUTOR'S sale — Harness, leather, tools,
paraphernalia, fixtures and business of har-
ness shop of Thomas Corbett, deceased. 215
Jackson st. Bids received by W. H. PAY-
SON. room 172, Crocker bldg. ' :• '•'
STOJPJDKINKINO.
GUARANTEED cure: send 60c; tablet form
mailed In plain package; has cured vhou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
VX1TL
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
V1AVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 2S2.
SXVXDBSD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — Claremont Oil Com-
pany, on November 1. 1904. will pay a divi-
dend (No. 5). amounting to $4500, equal to
lc per share, on Its Issued capital stock.
Transfer books close on Tuesday, October 25,
1904. at 5 p. m.
On November 25. 1904. will pay an extra
dividend, amounting to $4500, on its Issued
capital stock, equal to lc per share. Trans-
fer books close Saturday, November 19. 1904,
at I p.' m.. payable at Its office, room 731
Mills bldg.. San Francisco. GEO. J. REM-
INGTON. Secretary.
BTTJTTEttING- AND STAMMERING-.
Ml£SoU^BIn^u7e,^an^ess^no~Mark^
cures; estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday.
Giuseppe Sllvestrl., 26, 319 Green street, and
Maria Sllveatrl, 13. 319 Green street.
Peter A. Petersen, 30, Oakland, and Caro-
lina Nilfcon, ST. Oakland.
Henry Lahargue. 30, Jackson, and Lena J.
Molflno, 21. Jackson.
Ray W. Hume. 21. 606A Fourth street, and
Sophia A. Helmke. 21. 10SV& Ninth street.
Eug»nlo Cicerone. 28. 22 Varennes street,
and Maria Mlgnacco, 18, 622 Francisco street.
Joseph L. Bury. 21, 1253 Broadway, and
Rc*e I. F«ioglaro, 19. 17 Varenne* street.
Kverard C. Nutcher, 27. 1113 Guerrero
street, and Jessie E. Avery, 27. 1113 Guerrero.
John C. McAllister. 30. 205 Langton street,
and I^lla Bennett. Cfi. 1805 Folsom street.
Jcbn Holm. 25, 23H Minna street, and Alex-
sandra Wach'er, 2', 23Vi Minna street.
Gustav Adams, 27. &£2 Lombard street, and
Amelia Gumbel. 25, 70 Clementina street.
Charles A. Mirrfco, 23, San Jose, and Gene-
vleve H. Collier, 18. San Jo«e. "
William Ryan. 4S. 513 Bryant street, and
Arnie Ulbrandt. 27. 513 Bryant street. ->¦-..
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the tame published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the e\'ent are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORX. ~
WALLING— In Brooklyn. N. Y.. October 6,
11(04. to the wife of Will R. Walling tfor-
tnerly Effle Bond), a son.
MARRIED.
BANDOIN— RAYNAUD— In this city. October
1». 1904. by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane.
William G. Bandoin and Violette E. Ray-
naud. both of San Francisco.
BLUM— ENGEL— In this city, October 13,
1004. by the Rev. E. L. Wall, pastor Fourth
Congregational Church, George William
l-.lum and Frieda Engel, both of this city.
EACKETT— ECKLET— In this city, October 18,
1904, by the Rev. George W. White, pastor
Central M. E. Church. Everett L. Sackett
and Etta Louise Eckley, both of San Fran-
ciioo.
DIED.
Bach. Charles Kuster. Victor
Bazzuro. Glureppi Lagomarslno, Louisa
Bocrman, Fred Lent, Fannie
Burns, lionora Manprn. Auguste
Donovan. Frances G. McClellan, Mary L.
Ennls, John Dunbar Mitchell, Thomas F.
Farnham. John II. O'Brien, James G.
Fltzslmznons, Mar- O'Rourke. John
garet Pedlcr. Grace ,
Horn, Frank J. Roberts, Fred
Irwin, William Rodney, Mary E.
Kelly. Anna A. Rupe, Robert W.
Kergan, Dr. John Slicer. Charles B.
Krause, Charles E. Walsh. Michael
BACH— In New York. October 18, 1904, Charles
Bach of Ban Francisco.
C7Funeral notice later.
BAZZURO— In this city. October 18, 1904,
Gluseppi. dearly beloved husband of Mary
Bazzuro, and loving father of Anna Bazzuro,
and uncle of Luigl Croce. a native of Italy,
aged 44 years 10 menths and 9 days.
. CTFriends and a^uaintances »r» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 23, at 12:30 p. m., from his late
residence, 475 Filbert street, thence to Ma-
sonic Temcle, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, where services will be held under the
auspices of Soeranza Italian Lodge No. 219,
F. and A. M. Interment Italian Cemetery.
BOORMAN— In this ' city. October 19 1904
Fred Boorman. a native of New York, aged
37 years. (Brooklyn, N. Y., papers please
ccpy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2:30 p. m.. from the parlors of
Halsted St. Co.. 940 Mission street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery,, by 3:30 p. m
train from Third and Townsend streets.
BURNS— In this city, October 19, 1904
lionora. dearly beloved wife of Henry Burns
and mother of James. John. Martin. Joseph;
William. Frank and Sarah Kedian, Mrs.
Joseph Doyle and Mrs. Jewell Sieberst a
native of Ireland. a*ed C7 years.
GTThe funeral will take olace to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3.C San Carlos avenue, thence to St.
. me w Chur f h ' w n*re a requiem high mass
trill be celebrated for the repose of her soul
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment strictly
DONOVAN— In this city. October 20. 1904.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannajran & Gallagher)
- DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMPB«
20. Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln SchooL
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS"
—Funeral Director! and Embalmers
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple
NOW at SCO MISSION. Tel. South 167
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at"
Flne«t Equipments at Moderate Rates. •
. James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
; JAMES McGINN & CO...
•Formerly With McGinn Bros
—Funeral Directors and Erobalme-*-—
214 Eddy st TeL South S78.
Frances Gerevleve. . beloved and • onlv child
of Alexander and Annie Donovan, and niece
of Charles and Tattle Danville, a native of
San FrancUco. aged 4 months and 10 days.,
O'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 p. m., from the parlors of
II. P. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tweeen Seventh end Eighth. - Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. ¦
ENNIS— In this city. October 18. 1904, John
Dunbar Ennls, beloved husband of Anna T.
Eimis, a native of Brooklyn, N. Y.. aged 49
- year*. A member of San Francisco Aerie
No. 5. F. O. E. - "
KJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). -at 1:30 p. m.. from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street. The members of San Francisco
Atrle No. 5, F. O. E., and' of the Veteran
Firemen's Association of the San Francisco
Fire Department are requested to attend..
FARXHAM— In this city, October 18, 1004.
John H. Farnham, a native of Maine, aged
VI years '1 months and 1 day.
FIT7.SIMMONR— In Frultvale, October 20, 1904,
• Margaret Fitzslmmons, beloved sister of
Joseph Fitzslmmons, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland.
HORN— In this city. October 20, 1D04, Frank
J. Horn, beloved husband of Frances J.
Horn, and father of Joseph F., William and
Elsie Horn. Mrs. Marv \.. Becker and the
late Mrs. Nest, and brother of M. Horn,
Mrs. Jcseph McCudden and Mrs. Lena
Brown, a native of Germany, aged US years
1 month and 7 day«.: Grand treasurer of the
Grand Grove, U. A. O. W.: a member of
Hesperian Grove No. 12. U. A. O. W.; Hart-
nag*i Chapter No. 3; Court Defiance No. 23,
A. O. F.: Sotoyome Tribe No. 12, Improved
Order of Red Men: Boadlcia Circle No. 3,
U. A. O. W., and Past Arch Association No.
1. a. a. o. w.
[CrFnneral notice hereafter.
IRWIN— 'In this city. October 19, 1904,,
William Irwin, beloved husband of Rebecca
Irwln, and father of William A. and Edward
H. Irwin and Mrs. Edward P. Levy, a na-
tlve of Ireland. *r:. *.«
C7"Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday October 21, at 9:30 a. m., at his
late residence, 135G Geary street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. October 19, 1904. Anna
Augu&ta, dearly beloved daughter of Michael
and Katie Kellv, and sister of Mary Eliza-
beth Kelly, a native of San Francisco, aged
10 years 5 months and 6 days.
C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday) at 9:30 a. m.. from the residence
of her Darents, 51 Shipley street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for sen-Ices, com-
mencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KERGAN— In this city, October 18, 1004, at his
residence, 328 Hyde street. Dr. John Depew
Kergan. dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Kergan. a native of Ontario, Canada, aged U5
years 5 month* and 14 days. (Detroit and
Corunna, Mich., papers please copy.)
CC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnv!ted to attend the funeral Saturday.
October 22, at 10:30 a. m.. from the chapel
ot Odd Fellows* Cemetery-
KRAUSE— In Susanville, Cal., October 16,
1904. Charles Ernest Krauee, dearly beloved
hi'sband of Marguerite Tony Krause, and
father of EIMe Krause, a native of Germany,
aged 35 years and 2 . months.
KUSTER— In Canton, China. AuKUSt IS, 1904,
Victor, beloved son of Mrs. A. Gerdes. and
stepsor^jf A. Gerdes, and brother of Hugo,
Oito and Alexander Kuster, Mrs. J. H.
S.-hrtiC-der and .Herman Gerdes. a nativa of
San Francisco, aged 28 years' 6 months and
2 dcys.
LAGOMARSINO— In this city. October 20.
19O4. I*.ulsa. dearly beloved wife of. J. B.
Lagomareino, and mother of May, Rose,
Georre, Leo, Fred, Adolph and Aurella
Lagomarsinoi a native of Italy, aged 47
yoars 5 months and 11 days.
LENT— In this city. October 20. 1904. Fannie,
daughter of the late Frances E. Lent and
the late William M. I^ent. < ,
GTFunera! services and Interment private.
MANCIN— In Oakland, October 20. 1904,
Auguste. dearly beloved father Of Auguste
E. C. and Eugene L. E. Mangin, and loving
brother of the Very Rev. Father Hypollte
Maagln and Catherine Mangin, a native of
Conthil, lx)rralnp. France, aged 79 years 6
months and 14 days.
IT7'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend a solemn requiem high
mass to be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at ft a. m.. in Sacred
Heart Church. Fortieth and Grove streets,
on Saturday, October 22. Interment private.
McCLELLAN— In this city, October 20, 1004,
Mary Louise McClellan, widow of the late
R. Guy McClellan, and mother of R. B. and
Clifford McClellan. and sister of Mrs. Eliza
C. Monson of San Francisco, Sarah L. Bald-
win and Samuel W. Baldwin of Bridgeport,
Conn., a native of Bridgeport, Conn.
E7Frlendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
Saturday, October 22. at 2 p. m., at the
chap«l at Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains
, at the' mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company. 2175 Mission street,
near Twenty-first.
MITCHELL— In this city, October 20, 1004,
Thomas Fredrick, beloved son of Wllllara
and Fannie Mitchell, ' and brother of John
J.. Samuel. William H. and Albert G.
Mitchell and Mrs. Frank W. Halnes. a na-
tive of California, aged 24 years 7 months
and 2S days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, October 22, at 1:30 p. m., at his
late residence, 2724 Folsom street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, October 20, 1004,
James G.. dearly beloved eon of the late
Catherine and Michael O'Brien, and beloved
brother of S. O'Brien, Mrs. L. H. Cosper,
Mrs. F. Perry and Mrs E. E. Cosper of Ma-
nila, P. I., a native of San Francisco, aged
19 years.
O'ROURKE— In this city, October 20, 1904,
John, beloved son of Mary and the late
Patrick O'Rourke. and brother of Patrick,
Martin. William and the late Thomas
O'Rourke, a ' native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 38 years.
CTFrienc's and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at !• a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 11 Thirteenth street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo Church, where a requiem
high mats will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9:30 a. rn. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PEDLER— In this city. October 18, 1904, at
htr residence. Grace, wife of Joseph R.
Pedler.
JETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Friday. October 21,
at 2 p. m.. at her late residence, 1850 Geary
street. Interment private. - *
ROBERTS— In this city. October 20, 1904.
I'rnl Roberts, a native of Sweden, agd CS
years.
RODNEY— In Ocean View, October 20, 1904.
at the residence of her parents, 14 Capitol
street, Mary Enelda Rodney, dearly beloved
daughter of James and Mary Rodney, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 16 years 3
months and 14 days.
RUPE— In Oakland, Cal., October 19, 1904,
at 14C9 Chestnut street, Robert William, be-
loved husband of Klla M. Rupe, and father
of Zella F. Rupe, a native of ' California,
aged 45 years 0 montha and 1 day. A mem-
ber of Oakland Camp No. D4, W. of W., and
the Commercial Travelers' Association.
ELICER— In Alameda, October 20, 1904.
Charles B. Sllcer, brother of Mrs. Harriet
Carpenter and the late Hugh Sllcer, a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 6S years.'
IC friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, October 21, at 2 p. m., at the resi-
dence of his nephew, Hugh Carpenter, 2128
Central avenue. Alameda. Interment pri-
vate, in Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
WALSH — In this city, October' 20, 1004,
Michael Walsh, dearly beloved brother of
Mrs. John F. Mitchell, and nephew of Peter,
William and John McKeon, a Dative of Ire-
land, aged 42 years.
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:45 a. m.. from the parlors
of Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '¦Meat Market.
• Chicaso.,
CHICAGO. Oct. 20.^-CATTLE — Receipts.
14.000. including 3WO -Westerns..'- Steady. Good
to prime steers. $3 50©« 75;. poor to medium, .
$3 ZOtQo 40; stockers and feeders. $2#4; cows
$2 M®4 OO: helfera, $2113 23: canners. $1 25S2
tJUHs, $175«4; calves. $3®6 75: • Texas fed
steers, $4-5066; Western steers, $3 25@5. . f r V
HOGa — Raceipts: To-day. 18,000: to-morrow
12.000. - Steady. Mixed : and butchers. ; $4 75a
5 35; good to choice heavy,' $5 10*85 40- . rough
heavy. $4 50®5;.Ught..$4 S0«5 25; bulk of sales
$4 0O«5 20. ; ~~ 7."
SHEEP — Receipts. 30,000. Sheep and lambs.
steady. Good ' to choice wethers, $3 75@4 25;
fair to choice -mixed, $3g.t 75; Western - sheep
$3®4 23; n«tlve lambs, • $3 50©5 90;'. Western
Iambe. $465 60. . .-.¦.»-.- :V- • . .-• • -,
; Kansas ; City.~
- KANSAS CITY. Oct. 2O.-^CATTLE— Receipts.
60U>. Strong to 10c lower. Native steers. $4®
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Buti?r, Cheese and Eggs. "
CHICAGO, 1 0ct." 20.— On th« Produce Ex
change to-day the 'butter market' was firm;
creameries. ;15«21c;. dairies. 13@lSc; eggs,
eteady ¦ at ¦ mark, cases included. 16%@lSHc;
cheese, steady, 10*jH0Hc v
Charles Heiseg.' who. ' with h!» wtte
and young son. was sent to the County
Hospital for treatment yesterday, told
a pitiful tale at - the - health • ofSce.
HeLseg said that while he was camp
ing near Marysville last week four
men robbed his wife of SSO and other
belongings, after binding her hand
and foot. Helseg .was away at the
time and when he returned found his
¦wife unconscious 'behind his. wagon.
The couple came to this city and are
In sad straits, the wife not having yet
recovered from the shock. .
Tells Pitiful Tale.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about % f?lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. lOHc: medium. 9^c: light 9c; Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and »c for light? Staga.
7c; Salted Kip. 10c: Salted Veal. -lie: Salted
Calf. ll%c; dry Hides. 16%@17c: dry Kip 1.1©
14c; dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings 2^9
40c each: > short Wool. 40rgti5c each : medltrm.
75(geOc: long Wool. $10150; Horse Hides,
salt." $2 73 for large and $2>@2 00 for medium.
$1 50©2 for small and 50c for Colts; Hcrse
Hides, dry. $1 75. for large and $1 50 for me
dium, $1 for : small - and 50c. for .w Cc4U.
Buck f Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 20c; dry Central American. '30c: Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. - i jc ; extra ¦ large do,
$1 23: large/ 30c; medium. 33c: staall,' 20c .
, TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4«4Hc.;.ptr n»:
No .2, 3&c: -Grease.; 2^4©3c . -..-..
WOOL — Fall dlp-^San Joaquln and " Scoth
ern. aeilc; Southern.- 8#9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9811c : i Middle '. CounUes. - free. - 12®l4c
do: dafecUve.; 10©12c; Northern free. 12014c;
do " defective. _10"@12c; Humboldt and Uendo
dno 14!g 15c per lb. . '-
' HOPS-rl9O* crop. 26®31c per Ib.
Hides, Tallow, .Wool arid Hops.
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Oct. 20.— Cash quotations were as t
follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat
$1 1231 17: No. 3, $1 03®l 15; No. 2 red !
$1 17»-iei 13: No. 2 corn^ 52^c; No. 2 yellow. '
66c; No. 2 osts, 23c; No. 3 white. ™)»4@3iVie; t
No. 2 rye, 7Sc; good feeding barley, 37c;. fair >
to choice malting. 40!g50c; No. 1' fiaxsecd. '
$1 10V*; I *°- 1 Northwestern. $1 17%; mess ;
perk, "per bbU $10 S3® 11: lard, per 100 lbs. :
$7 22%©7 25; short ribs sides (loose). $7 23^
7 37%: short clear sides (begced); $7 37V4@ '
7 «2>4; whisky, basis of high Vines $126%;i
clover, contract grade. $12 23. - j
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour. . barrels .4 . 33.800 29,400
Wheat, bushels 108,000 114.400
Corn, bushels 90.200 232,000
Oats, bushels 175,500 100,500
Rye, bushels '.V 211,000 17,300 {
Barley, bushels .....llS.OOO 83,000 i
Forty-six Chinese of the coolie
class, who arrived on the last steamer
from the Flowery Kingdom, are ' In
the detention shed at the Man 'dock
awaiting the action of the Chinese
Bureau in their case. They claim* to
be on the way to the exposition* -at
St. Louia as show people In the Chi
nese department, but -thirty-one- : of
them have no papers whatever
showing their errand. They do not
know even to which of the many con
cessions they are consigned. . They
are accompanied by no one . in au
thority, and thus far have been
claimed by no c.ie. . Fifteen of them
have section 6 certificates as mer
chants and tourists. , .*. , ..
On* the. War to „ St. Loal? Without
Papers, bnt May Xcrer Reach "
That Place. - ¦
FORTY-SIX COOLIES
STRANDED " OX THE DOCK
. There is some cutting In Hams In the local
market- which explains the double quotations.
Other descriptions remain unchanged.
CURED. MEATS — Bacon. 11 %c per ib for
heavy. 11 %c for light medium. 14c for light.
14%c for extra' light and 17e- for sugar
cured; dry "salt" Sides. 10%c: Bellies. 12c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13%gl4c; Callfor
nla Hams. 13'@13%c; Mess Beef. $10<gi0 50 per
bW: extra Mess. $10 50©ll; Family. $12® 12 30:
prime Mess ¦ Pork. $14 BO; extra clear. $23:
Uess, $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig pork.
$26: Pigs' Feet, $5: Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
1 LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c -per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 10%cfor pure: half-barrels, pare 10%c;
10-lb tins. ll%c: 5-lk tins. ll£c; 3-15 Has.
ll%c."- ¦ ¦->"-;• - ... - f -,
COTTOLENE— On« half : barrel. 6%c. thre
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. Sisc; two tierces.
8\4c: five tierces. 8%c per. Ib.
Provisions.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I . -.. ,. Bid. Ask
4s qr coup..l06%10rt%!4s qr cp new.lSlSil32H
4s qr rejc...l0*%106vi!3« qr coup.. .104?ilO3,%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — .lOak T Co Us, — 121%"
Asso Oil 5s. 80 i — Do 5s ...^.112 113
Bay CPC 3s.lOlt$lO2 Do con 5a.l« .—
Cal C G 5s.lO2% — Oceanic S 5s. — —
Cal G A E g Oia Cable 6S.120U —
m A ct 5s. S0% Sl% Pac G Ihj 4s. — 97
Cal-st C 5s.ll2% — IP E Ry 5s.. — 105%
C C Wat 3s. 98 — IP A C H 63.104 —
EdL A P 68.123 — IP A O R «S.114%113
F A C H 6s. — — |Powell-st «¦. — —
Geary-st 3s.. 50 ISae EGARSs.100 101
H C&S 5%s.lC5 — . SF A SJV59.11S%113»t
Do 5s 99% — {Sierra. R 6s. — —
Hon R T es.107% — [S P of A 6s
L A Elec Cs. — 163%1 (1«») .....lORti —
LA Ry 3s. .116 . — : (191C> ......1003 —
L A L Co 6s — ', — S P of -C 6s ¦• -¦••
Do gtd «s. '— '•'.—': a»08>Sr A.1O1 '--^
Do'gtd 5s.lO»«4 — : <1905)Sr B.IOOS^:— .
LAP lem 5S.102 — . (190«> .....104% _
Mkt-«t C 68.113 — O912) ...... 113\ —
Do lem Ss.116 — SPC 1 eg 5s.ll7% —
MVA MtT3s.lO5 '— I Do stampd-110 —
NRR of C63.106 106%'S P B R 8S.1.12 - —
Do 3s — — S V Wat 6s.lO4%lCS
N P C R Ss.107 — Do 4s 2im.in«V«,I01
N C Ky'Ss.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. fl9H —
N C P C 3s. J — 99 Do r mt«r4s 99 —
N S R R 38.101% — Stkn GAE6s. 93
OG LAH 5s. — 110H C G A E 5s. 102% — .
0 W gtd 3s. — 1C0 I
-WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 38 -'1 Port Costa... — —
Marin Co...— CO IS V.Wat Ctow S9%" 40
. * • GA3 AND ELECTRIC ' : :
Cent L * P. 3%,4 JS.F O A r.. 57% 3*H
Mutual E L.-— .. 12 Istkn G A E. — S%
Pac L^ Co... 60 60%'U G ft E Co. — ,.; —
, INSURANCE, .'r. ¦
Flrem'rFnd. — 340 !
ggnSBJESSg > BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 |LP AA....150 ' —
Anglo-Cal .. «5 — tiTer Treat.... — 233
Bank of Cal.424 42S IU«rcb Ex -3O'! — <
Cal Safe Dp. — ' 150 f 8 F Natlonl. — . —
First NaUonl — — f
SAVTXG3 BANKS.
Ger S'A L.2330 — [Pav A L So.. — 100
Hum SAL.— — (Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Say. — ICO n I Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.615 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California'.. — 199 f Presidio ..... — 43%
Geary — 40 ! 3SKffs5BgSBB3ltEfegl
. , POWDER.
Giant ¦.'..:.. €3 63%tVigorit — 4%
-— V SUGAR."
Hawaiian C. «7 — ' JMakaweU C.' »% 29
Honokaa S C 13 15%tOnomes. S C 2»% 29%
Hutch S P C. 9% 10%lPaauhaa 3 C 13 13%
Kllaue* SC. 3 , — >.,! r_" .,' . .
• » . •; MISCELLANEOUS.-.. >
Alaska- P A.105 1R6 fOceanlc S Co. 3% 4
Cal F.C A. —UOO {Pae Atnc FA. 4% —
Cal Win* A. — iPae C Bort.lM UT»i
MVA MtTm.-— -106 IPae S Tel Co-113taU3 - ;
_SALES.
*. f : * » Morning, Session. . ." t'" S * "?
Board— 'PMilU^lMagPBf^qBMMBPM
23 Alaska. Packers' -Association.. ;.1O7 00'
.. . 10 Alaska. . Packers'" Assodatknt. . .1M 50 v
: 23 Alaska " Packers' . Association. . .104 f-0
5 Alaska -Packers' -Assoc2atioa...l03 50
. 30 Alaska - Packers' Association... 105 00
100 S -F Gas A;EIectric... 58 50
1 ; 130 S« F: Gas A* Electric.."....;;..;. 89 ©0 ;
73 S F Gas 4 Electric........... 39 25
¦ ¦ . '--•-; street— - . ¦. ¦-_,_--< . ¦. ¦ -;
ICO Spring Vall«y- Water Co.*.;i".'.*40 OO •
$5,000 Oakland Transit S^ser cent. ...112 50
$5,000 Oakland Transit Con 5s. ... . .103 CO
$l0,C0O:Omnlbas Cable 6 per cent...-. 121 'IS
• llAiternoon^Sealoa., ...
' .' ''-Board— '»'*:' ** ,¦.'•''• 2
¦¦ : 10<> Ala.«ka Packer V Association... 106 00 J
5 Alaska Packers" Assodatloa...l0S 23 ¦
5 AUska . Packers" Association. . . l&S JO •
THURSDAY. Oct. 20— 2 p. m.
STOCK AM) BOM) EXCHAXGE.
Comb and Extracted Honey Is now coming
in liberally from Nevada, and several cars
have been received during the past few days.
This supplies retailers for the present and the
market Is quiet In cansequence. ( Prices . are
unchanged.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7% ®10c for
Royals and 9"gl2c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
6@7%c for White and 6@SHc for Red:
Peaches, 6%@3%c per lb; Pears, 7©12c;
Plums, pitted. wg6%c for black. "Sg-SVic
for red and 7@8%c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks. 50c: 3-crown. 55c: 4-crown. COc: 6
crown. 65c; bulk. white. 2*4@3c; black. 3*4c.
Evaporated Apples. ' 5%©7c per Ib.
. PRUNES — 1%©1%C per lb for tha four sUes
and 2Uc basis for tha large sizes.
• RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters. $2 23©2 50; Dehesa. $1 85@2;
London Layers. 80cS$l: Loose Muscatels. 4
crown. 4g4%c; 3-crown. 3%^3%c: 2-crown.
3S3%c: Seedless. 2%®2%c; Floated. 3c; Seed
ed. 4@5%c; Thompson's Seedless 4»ic; Seed
less Sultanas. '3%e3f4c per lb.
NUTS — New Walnuts. No. 1 softshell 12»
12%c: No. 2. 10©10%c : No. 1 hardshell* 12?
No. 2 10c: Almonds. l«@17c for Nonparlels
14@14%c fer I X L. 13©14c for Ne Plus Ultra
and ' lie 1 for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6©7c for
Eastern: Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50O5-
Chestnuts. . 10-g 1 13c per Ib. - .
HONET— Comb. ll%®13e for white and 10©
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5»41J
6c; light amber extracted. S@5 fee; dark. 3»
4%c. - -
BEESWAX— 27©29c per Ib. '
Dried Fruits, Nnts. Raisins, Honey.
Unlisted Securities.
. "miscellaneous- bonds. - .
_ ' _ - Bld.-Ask.j . BJ4. Aj*.
fay CPC 6s. 102%'s P C R 4s. 9* 102*
5 V Ji" «*- n3 "*%!» P Co 4%s.t0tmC3
Cal NW 59..111 — (Sun Tel to.. 113 —
MC^Vat5s.lC0 — i- Do 5s 103 — - •-
W? IWks5s — 105 1 Suttr-St R5..IM — ¦-
SF- Drdk 3a.U2 — |TR of ST 4a. Mtt -*.
SF A NP Ss.112 — I
MISCELLANEOC3 STOCKS. - -- > -
Ala. S Co... — 27 jLon* SFBfc- «©
Amer Bis Co 9O isiat Nav Co. «O«i — - 1
Cal Cot M1U S» -. iNev Nat Bk.195 — -
Cal G&ECor. 4S 50 tNSRRCo. 9iJ —
C Jockey CL — tl2%X Cal P Co. —v 10-
Cal Powder.130 lU.tOak.Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship CtK — 21 lOak T Con.. 7J —
Cal T I A T. — lM ilOOF Hall A .«% — *
Cen Bk. Oak — «5 (Orpheura Co. —".- \&IL
Chutes Co .. 3% «*4!PacC Cas Co.125 — . ,
City 4C3i — 12O [Pac Snr Co.lCS
Cyj> L Imp.. — - 6%'Faraf Paint.. 39 ' — ' :
East Dynm..-: — 37S !S F Drydock. — «5
DptPwd pfd — S3 ISFASJ Coal. ITU »
Do eom .. 2S\ — IS J Wat Co. 103% —
FN Bk. Oak. 1*0 — fSO ft MTcbt.125 —
Frnch-A B&.1C8 — " {Swlss-A Bk..ll5 '— -
Gas Con A.. 13% — i Track Elect.. 11 — "
Hono P Co.. — 27 flTR InC pfd. *»«» ~
Do pool .. — 27 t Do com -... 12% —
Morclng Session.
Street-
SCO Fischer- Rebraann Theatar Co.. 2T*
$33,000 United R R of 3 F 4 per eent. 5» 23
• Afternoon Session. . ""-.* ; --"-*-
Board —
$29.C€O United R R of S F 4 per cent. St 23 .
' California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Otl Stock— Bid. Ask«l .
Associated Oil Cert 23 . 23. '
Central Po!nt Con •» ....
Chicago Crude 1.4 .... ..
Cliremont .................. 75 .
Four 'Mi. 3T '
Home »» , 1 jCO
Independence ............... 27 ' ft
Kern Klvcr .....;.. 10 CO 13 5<V
Monte Crtsto *3
Occidental of W. Va C3
Oil City Petrnteum 55 5?
Senator T<> 73 ¦
Toltec 13 "....
Twenty-eight : 9 SO tf> «>
Mi.«ce"!arT?cu.« — ' .....":
Abb? Land and Irnproivernrat • 1 23. 1' 30
Gas Ccnsamers' Association 20 25-
Ncrthera CaL Power 9 CO . ,....;
3ALES.
Morning Sessioa- ¦ '
5W» Mcnte CrUto «» , .
100 Sterling S tf* •
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
100 Alpha 131 ICO Savage '.".. »
ICO Confidence ... 83) SCO Hale A Nor:. Z».
MO Con Cal A V.t 33 400 Sierra, Nev 59 '
100 Ophtr 2 231 ie ¦>' --..=->
, Afternoon Session— Comstock*, .-..- -
600 Andes ...."..'. 24! 100 Mexican '..'...:t19 '
ICO Bullion ...'... 20* WO Mexleaa i.v. .it 13
20O Caledonia, .... 40{ 20«> Ophlr ;.,'.... \S 25
SCO Challenga ... 20 10O Overman ..... • I*
100 Chollar 191 3«*> Savag* ; 3O
50 Con Cal & V.I 35! 30O Seg Belcher... 0»
4CO Con Cal* V.I 401 ICO Sierra Nev.... 2*
3C0 Gould & Cut. r»' 300 Ualcn Con 33
400 Goold & Cnr. 13f
CLOSING QUOTATIOX3.-- '.>*
EM. Ask.* . BM.As*.
Alpha 13 l«'JulIa C5 07
Alt* 04 O8' Jostle* <W CS
Andes .'. 25 2fi!Kentuefc- 92 - 04
Belcher- 28 SOJLady Wash ..- 02 OS
Best & Belca.1 13 1 23lMexlcan. '.1 15 1 2l>
Bullion 22 23 Occidental ... 74 7S
Caledonia.... 40 42 Ophir 2 23 2 3»
Challenge ... 21 231 Overman ..... -13 W
Chollar ...;.. IS 2OtPotosl 12 14
Confidence .. 85 9O 7 Scorpion ......' OH ft*
Con Cal A V.I 45 1 «o»Sava*» 29 SO
Con Imperial. 01 ©2<Se* Belcher... C« H>
Con NT C3 03'Sierra Nev.... 29 SO
Crown Point.. 08 10" Sliver Hill ' 5O S%
E. 31erra Nev C3 WB St. Loxtts .... OS 10
Eur»ki Con.. — 50* Syndicate .... • OR "05
Exchequer ... 4H 5O" Union Con.... 4O 4t
Coald A Cur. 19 20fUtah l» 10
.Hale A Nore. 5» «l!TeUow Jacket. 19 20
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD ST0CK3.
Morning Sesaton. ... ....
12CO MaeNamara . 30* 300 Ton Ohio . . ..7 30
100 Ton Belmcnt.. 66' I0CO Jumbo . . ; . ... -*43
Afternoon Session.
1C0O MacNamars, . 32' 3000 Jumbo ..42
500 Ton Ohio 20; :- ¦-• • .• -- ¦*
CLOStJfO QUOTATlONSu
Tonopah.
Bid. Ask.! BldJLsk.
Ton of Nev. 9 50 10 SOfRescne 10 11
Mont Toa ...1 90 2 0O> Ray A CBrtea — . «
Too Exten-.. — 2 23 ! Paymaster ... .02 C3
MacNamara . XI 3T Little Ton .. 2O * —
Ton MMitsr. 39 40". Esperansa ... 01 . Cl
Ton Belmont.. 64 *7! Gold Anchor. . 20 —
Ton Ohio.... — 23'Quincy 11 —
West End ... — WN T Ton ... — 10
Ten Gold ML IS IS!
Goldfield. .
Sandstorm ... — 24iOold3elil JThlr. 19 20
Red Top 13 lrt' Jumbo « ,—
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
ICO Adams 0ft' izpfv UaeNamara. . 30
ICO Goldfield Mln 57I22C0 MacN'amara .. 32
200 Jumbo Exten 2^11300 MacNamara .. St
3CO Jumbo 4.V 10O Mont Ton ...193
10O Jumbo 431 50 Mont Ton ...3 00
100 Jumbo 42) 2CO Moat Ton...l 97H
400 Jumbo- 41* 30O Ton Midway.. 40
3000 Jumbo 40!
.Afternoon Session*
500 Columbia 2ST27&O HaeNaznarst .. 32
500 Columbl* 23<2«SO MacNamara .. 31'
10nO Jumbo 4« 20O Mont Ton X 97V.
1C0O Jumbo 4li2MORedTop . Jt3
4C0O Jumbo 42} 700 Rescue ,-.. • ?1
. ICO Jumbo 45' ICO Ton Bolmosl fiS
CLOStNO QUOTATIONS. ." X~ ? '*
• Bld-Ajk-f- " " r - BM'Jtsk.
Adams .. — 10'Mont Ton»..l 97%. 2 OO
Black Ants .. — 10' N T T«n .... — 0.'-
Black Butt*.. 20 .25- Paymaster ... C2 OS
Columbia 25 25" Plne> Grovs . . 11 ; 'f—
DUmondfleld. 4« — fQuincr 11 ¦ ."—
Esperama ... 01 .02" Ray Exten .. — 08
Gold Anchor. 13 IS Ray A O'Brien OS 10
GotdSeld B Bl — CO Ray Ton .... — 14
GoWfleld BAB — 141 Red Top "IS 'IT
GoIdfieM Dmd " — 2O>R«scue 10> U
Goldfleld Mln — «0l Sandstorm ... 20 27'
Coldfleto Mhk IS — »Toa Belmont.. 63 67
Goldfleld SPk. — IS' Ton A Cal ... — <2O-
GoWfield Ton. U — !Ton Exten ..2 00 . —
Oold Mt Con. . — 02f Ton A Gt W. « ' _
Hazel Kirk .. 11 12' Ton Gold Mt. 17 . 1«
Jim Butler -. — Sft'Ton Midway.. 3» 40
Jumbo 45 -46. Ton oC .V*»..D 75 —
Jumbo Exten 17 27(Ton N Star... — 2»
LItt> Ton .. 25 WVtopla ..,..-. , 10. .—
MacNamarm . — SliWtst EntJ .... . 10 - —
July 99 1 00 9S«4 99
October 113%
December . 1 15«i 1 16% 1 14>* 1 14%
May 1 14% 1 14% 1 12% l I3*i
Corn. No. S— • j
October BO«1 ?
December 49% 49% .48 483* \
May 45% 46* 45% 45?»j
Oats. No. 2—. • '¦..-• / •)
October ....... 29 i
December 29% 29% 28% 29% !
May 31% 31% 30% 30%'
Mess Pork, per bbl^-
October ..1106 1105 10 95 10 95 j
January 12 35 12 47% 12 32% 12 40
May 12 40 12 00 12 35 12 35
L«rd. cer 100 lbs— -
October 7 25 7 25 7 22% 7 22% j
January 7 20 7 22% 7 15 7 17% t
May ..7 27% 7 32% 7 25 7 27*4
Short Rlbe, per 100 lbs—
October 7 30 . 7 30 7 15 7 15
January 6 43 6 52% 6 45 « 50
May «57% « 65 6 57% 6 60
CHICAGO BOARD, OF TRADE.
. Future Grain and Provisions. *~*
-CHICAGO. Oct. £0.— Notwithstanding-, liberal
receipts Northwest and easier cables, a firm
undertone j prevailed In th* wheat market at i
the opening.- December was up *£@Uc to!
SeVic at $1 14% to $1 15>-i, while May waa \
Uc lower to K« higher at $1 13% to $1 14i s . i
The initial firmness was due mainly to report- j
ed scarcity of milling wheat. A sharp break |
in prices 1 at Minneapolis, however, socn brought
out heavy sales here by pit traders and com- •
mission houses, the Impression apparently be- ;
ing that the lower prices In the Northwest <
foreshadowed a - still greater Increase in the j
country movement in that section. In conse
quence sentiment for a time was rather bear- ,
lsh. The declining tendency was checked by ¦¦
an active demand from shorts and some of the !
big bull traders. Following & rally at Mlnne- j
apolls the market here also became etrong.
December advancing to $1 16>i. May sold
up to $1 14%. On a sharp -break in corn
about this time the wheat market was sub
jected to heavy realizing sales, as a' result of
which sentiment became quite weak. ¦¦ Selling i
pressure was increased . by larger arrivals at '
Kaneas City and St. Louis an-i by exceedingly j
small exports for the day. The market' was
further weakened by the execution of stop-loss !
orders and by a slackened demand for cash I
wheat at all outside points. The low point j
on December for the day was reached at $1 14% '
and on May at $1 12 H. Some recovery was
made on covering by shorts, but the close was
weak, with December at $1 14%61 14%. Final
quotations on May were at $1 13?&.
Firm cables and wet weather In portions •
cf the West paused an active demand for corn •
early In the session, resulting tn-a strong mar- |
ket. December closed at 43 He. ,
The action of wheat and corn had an In-'
fluency in the oats market. December closed ,
at 2S»»c. , - . . i
Provisions were steady on fair support by :
pit traders. At the close January pork - was
up Sc at $12 40. Lard was down 2*4c at •
$7 17^4- Ribs were unchanged at $6 47^..
The leading futures ranged as follows: 1
Articles^ — Open. High. Low. Close. \
Wheat, No. 2— . ' r :^,r .- S:%*
There .was another break in Alaska Packers
yesterday. The stock, which closed cn
Wednesday at $108 bid. opened at $10T and
steadily declined to 1105,. closing, the day at
this flsure. The- rumor "of several days ago
that the company would issue It* 26<xrshArei
remaining stock and also can In the. $33 still
unpaid on the Issued stock, was charged with
the decline. The sales were " numerous and
generally small, such as five and ten share
lots. Indicating either manipulation or un
loading on the part of 'small Investors. There
were also a good many, small sales of Gas &
Electric, ranging from ?58 to $'-9 '4. with
f".\ bid and $58 H asked at the close. The
other stocks were quiet and featureless. The
United Railway 4s were active and steady.
$62,000 going at $S4U-
The Comstocks and oil shares were quiet.
The Tooopahs were active, with a sharp break
in. Jumbo. , . . . .'1 ' . .. * . ' .. ' -U*
: 'Hereafter the San ' Francisco and Tonepah
Board will charge an new companies listed
an anneal tax of $23. - . - :
The Tres Sierritas OU and Mining Company
has levied ~ an- assessment of Vic. delinquent
November 14. . , •
Ex -coupon yesterday: Mill Valley and
Mount Tamalpais Scenic Railway Company 3s.
1929, regular semi-annual, amounting to $25Da
Ex -dividend yesterday: California Powder
Company, regular monthly, 50c . per - scare.
amounting to 315.000: California Fruit. Can
ners' Association, regular monthly. . 60c per
share, amounting to $17,349 60; - Home OU
Company, regular monthly. 2ijc per share,
amounting- to $2500; Lightner Mining Com
pany, rcrtilar monthly. 5c per share, amount
ins- to J625O. • .-- - . " ¦
The directors of the Spring Valley "Water
Company.- having passed the October quarterly
dividend, none was - paid by that corporation
yesterday.
The North Truckee Irrigating Ditch Com
pany of Reno. Nev.. has levied an assessment
of 20 cents per share, delinquent November 15.
The Puget Sonnd Iran Company has levied
an assessment of 10 cents per share, delin
quent November 17.
The Pacific Coast Company has •• declared
regular quarterly dividends, of 1*J per cent
each on the common, first preferred and second
preferred stocks, parable Novetnber 1.
Another Active Day in Gas and Sal
mon Shares. ¦ \ 7
Do pfd 84%jUnion Pacific 1CO?»
Erie 3«"il Do pfd ........ 97
Do l«t pfd..... 74 |U S SteeL 21Ti
Do 2d pfd 51*4! Do pfd S3*4
III Central 148%!Wabash ..22%
Louis b. Nash 139*4! Do pfd 44H
M. K &. Texas... 29»i!Spanish 4s ....... S7U
Bar silver— Steady, 26 13-16d per ounce.
Money — 1% per. cent. ~%,/> . ' *
' The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2>4 per cent and for three
months' bills 2*s@2^s P«r cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20.— To-day's state
ment - of the treasury shows : Available cash
balance, »H7,01S,95«; gold, $76,159,671.
Xew York Cotton Market
NEW Oct. 20. — Cotton futures
opened steady; October, 9.77e: November, 9.77c:
December. 9.91c; January. 9.97c; March. 10.04c;
May. 10.10c.
Futures closed barely steady; October. 9.67c;
November 9.67c; December. 9.79c; January.
¦ 9. S«c; February. 9.90c;- March. 9.96c; Apcll,
9.9Sc; May, 10.03c
H Spot closed quiet. 10 points decline; middling
uplands. 10.15c; middling Gulf, 10.40c; sales,
12C0 bales.
. Xevr. York. Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct 20. — FLOUR — Receipts.
17,000 barrels; exports. 127 barrels; sales, 31C0
packages.- Market firm and higher, with- a slow
business. Minnesota patents. $$ 10@6 50;
Minnesota bakers. $4 tii>fi3 40; winter patents.
*5 «O^tJ; winter straights, S3 5O@4 6O.
WHEAT — P.ecelpts. 17.C0O bushels; sales.
4,300,CCO bushels, futures. Spot, quiet; No. 2
red. $1 21^ f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Du
1 luth. $1 25^i f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani*
tot a. $1 CSh f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened steady, and early In the ses
sion displayed considerable firmness on De
cember manipulation, coupled with bullish
Southwest cash news. Later the market broke
sharply with corn, although finally a trifle
steadier cn covering, left off %©5ic net lower.
May, $1 13*iai 15?,. closed at *1 14U; De
cember. $1 17*t@l W%, dosed at $1 IS 1-16.
HOPS— Firm.
PETROLEXTkX—^uiet-
COFFEE — Futures closed steady at an ad
vance cf 10tgl5 points. Sales were reported of
85.500 bags, including: November. 6.S0@tJ.Soc;
December, 6.9O37c: January, 737.05c; Febru
ary. 7.10c: March. 7.20&7.25c: May, 7.35<§7.45c;
July, 7.50c; September, 7.65&7-75C. Spot Rio,
steady; No. 7 invoice, S^c; mild, quiet.,
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, . Z%ci
centrifugal, 96 teat, 4V«c; molasses sugar, 3Hc;
refined, unsettled. •
BUTTER— Unchanged.
CHEESE^ — Unchanged.
EGGS — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet, with outside prices higher. Com
mon are quoted at 4^4>^c; prime, 4%©5c;
, choice. S-ViSS^ic; fancy.6#t>Vic.
PRUNES — Are without ; change or special
feature. Quotations range from 2c to S'.ic, ac
cording to zrade.
APRICOTS — Also remain unchanged, ' either
In pric* or general market conditions. . Choice
are held at 9%c; extra choice, 10U@10Vic;
fancy, 11613c.
PEACHES — Are quiet; but, while the de
mand is moderate, there is no pressure to sell,
and prices show firmness. Choice are held at
8H©SVsc; extra chotce. 8*4 ©9c; fancy, 9 Hr© 10c.
Xew York Metal Market. -
NEW TORK. Oct. 20.— Tin was easier In
the London market, closing at £131 -12s 6d
for spot and £130 2s 6d for futures. Locally
prices were affected by the Indications of an
easier situation abroad and spot closed at
$*S 67^#2S S7^3, some dealers quoting
»2S62b.
Copper was unchanged at £60 Is 3d for spot
and £60 Cs for futures in the London market.
Locally lake is quoted at $13 12V4@13 37 H:
electrolytic, *13<@13 25: casting. $12 S7^i@13.
Lead was unchanged at £12 5s in London and
at $4 25©4 35 In New York.
Spelter was also unchanged at £23 3s 6d
in London, but ruled a little higher here at
$5 25®5 30.
Iron closed at 50s 4d In Glasgow and 43* 9d
In Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was firm; No. 1
foundry Northern, $14 75-@I5 25; No. 2 foundry
Northern. $14 25<gl4 75; No. 1 foundry South
ern and No 1 foundry Southern soft. $14 50
©15. i .. -¦-.;;¦:. ;j
Xew York Money Market.
N"EW YORK. Oct. 20.— Close: Prise iner
cantHe paper. 4^fi5 per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm, with actual business
in banker*' biU ax S4.65S3 for deaiand and at
*4 83«>0 Ux sixty-day i •..:«.
Posted rases. J4 84©* MVj a-d J4 S6i,.
Commercial bills, {4 S3^.
Ear Bilver, SSc.
Mexican dollars, 4C<4c.
Governsiest bo=5s. steady ; raUroad bends,
irregular.
Monoy on call, steady. 1*,€2 per cent; clew
ing bid. l\ per cent: offered. 2 per cent.
Ttam leans, steady; «ixty days. 3g3i; per
c«>nt: ninety days md six mantha, 3136.3*4 per
cent.
Keir York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— The reaction in stocks
"err furcner tc-day. but tie market ga.v«
proc; of the warisfcip of powerful supporters
*r.£ ih* weikr.tsE w«.s at no time acute. Vig
orous suppcrting measures were adopted at the
ope-ru-g- agaisst the early flood cf profit-taking
which »-fcs brought on «ver night by yester-
Ciy* saarp break In prices. The reaction was
then steraingiy allowed to take it* ¦ coarse for
a U21*. and when the selling, had exhausted
Part cf its f^rce another increment toward re
*CT-«ry developed. News bearing en values
r!*yed Unit part In the movement. The de
ten=:r.ed «?;ai-lat!en !n U;Uted ' St^es Steel
stuck ha i as much se-ti=serjt en stocks as any
thing %lse. ar.d this occurred in ajjte cf th«
r.fw* of the «ccited bcyirg cf pig Iron fcr fu
ture delivery and cf very Urge orders for new
freight cars ty the railroads la expectation
of an active revival cf business. The ccm-
I laceacy with which the reaction was gener
ally regarded was due to the supposition that
tc great financial forces which have made
On market favored a reaction to order to shake
oO weak fcllowers and give opportunity for
themselves to secure rtocks at a lower level
¦» tich had been acid st a profit. In accord
ance wiih this idea was the assertion which
: sad ;rot=in«sc» daring the day that the buy-
Irg on th* decline was oi the • best character.
As the art cf concealiseEt of facts is the one
most pr.red la srtock market operations it fol-
Icwe that the flowing inferssation en this sub
ject is peculiarly liable to error. The convic
tion. howe\-er. that powerful financial inter
ests were tcktag steaks on the decline and that
a »-£Jttsg demand existed at lewer prices did
have a strcrg in2uen?e in dissuading holders
frc-ra parti:^ frca their stock and in sustain
l=? the tone cf the market. Amalgamated Cop
per weakened la the announcement <jf the reg
ular dividend being declared and rallied oa
the ¦•.-•_£' declaration. St. Paul and Atchion
«Cered relatively good resistance to depression.
The funcus buylr* en Ontario and Western
at the last held the market firm at the rally
to th* elcaing. The day's net charges In con
e*<;-jence are very small and shew raixed gains
anS iosMS.
Bor^is were irregular. Tctal sales, par value.
Jt.*i>0,000- United States bcndsi were cn
. . ¦ £-. - cs call.
New York Stock List.
E. F. Kuttcn i Co.. 430 California street.
£a.s Francisco, members of the New Tork
Etsck Exchar^e. furnish the following official
¦,..-»•... r.i cl that Exchange:
Ealea. , Stacks — .Higz'Lcw.; Bid.! Ask.
£2,700 l Ar=alg Copper ..; C4Vj| «234 «%| 6**3
.-.r.. Can Co i i t'%> 6
1 Do pJd j I t 4»»i| 47
50«J Am Car * F Cc 28%; 2tt J 2«i*] 2««i
; Do ptd }-•-..! 1 tZ 1 S4
( Aca Cfcicie : j (101 J105
» Do pfd 1 90 I S3
KXTArn Cctton 011..1 32 ' SIK.\ 31 1 S3*i
i Dosa ! j...:. 82 »4'
100 Aai tr.itTel 23 28 J 28 27 .
jAm Express , j2o«s .210
2O0;ais Gr Twine C& 7%; 7«,! . 7^ *>
l^yt.'A^i U.I&* &. L.i 5%i! 5 SVs «
«uy, Do p:d t 23 j 2mu 22v,i 23^
2-'.' A.-.t'/ -ir. Ice j Mil ~S *S v *i
I.SCO; Do pfd I Sab! 3a*l 3»si 3S»
;xm «Li=s«*d ...; ; ! i3H; 1**4.
i Do pfd ; 33 37
1,200 Ac Locomotive. »Vi 2S 2SK\ 2x\
lOOf Do pfd j 9754 »7%[ 97' 1 87S4
3.800 Am Malt j Sb; 5 • 5 5C
©OOJ Dopfd ; !3^i SH 2% »'
1.800,Am Em & Rf Co 9SU\ t6^\ «J7^| €714
230, Do r-J :•*»>». lo*Vli«» ,l-M'-t
l^OOArn fcugar jl3«^;135H!13»>!5h,13«ai
Do pid j 1133 138
AaTel & Tel Co j 143 1145 ."
:Arn Tob pfd { j <143t,;145
200 Am Wocten lS'^i 13& 17^ 18'^
i Do pfd I 82ft S3
LCsju A=iccr..ia * 93 ' 84 U* 87
.." 'jkS. Artcr .j SO 31%
i Do cM }••-•-( }«» 1 **
42.7O>A T & S F ! W5«4i S3 j S«Ht S«H
4.1t>0, Do pfd ;i02«4;101^ 102 -jlO2',i
12,000 Ealt A Ohio WVil 93H 94*4! **H
100' Do pM 94 j S6 90ii 864
,Eay State Gas..' 1 %[ »4
54.700B r~t: j esm ee^i 67%! 68
lOO'Eroofc Cn Ga»..:22S\i.22C :22s i22SU
iBruss D * I ".! * b£
JButt«r:ck Co ...| { So^i! UH
iCanadiaa Pac... lZ3V t \l3:h, lZS^'.lZZhi,
rt.300C & 0 44?i 44 44»i 44%
jC & A 37^ 33
f Dopfd 80 S5
iC.Jt U I pfd ISO 150
;c i & l pid — ; so so
22.OOOC & G W 204i lS-4,\ 20«if 20^
URf; Do pfd A aOHj «o*4 «OU.j «I -
2W Do p:d B.-..- 31^if.31 31^, 32
', Da debs i i S4W.M
1.0OOC & N W. ..... 192 1191 181*; 1 132 .
1.3U0C SI k £t P.... 172--iil7AH 17I»iil71%
109' Do pfd il^Utt^'lss \isn
1Z.<«"!O CRUP (ae-ar); 23% | 2*r 4 | 591 • 3 t
40C.' Dopfd 73 72% .73 73i;
! Do 4s »...' f 77 77^
..'Chicago Terra...! z i n
1.900' • Do »fd ! 1«*4{ 15 1 ie*i| 16U
....... Do pffl I U»i| 16
400 C CCtStt.. O. S4^ g|it| w
DO pfd :F,lI0 " 112
Ove Lor A. W. US ci •
- Do via- I. ---.:i 97 . 100 i
19,200 Co!o Fuel & Iros 40 -38 33* SQr- .
1 Do pfd !..„.!...;. e5 |o
. SOftOoIum K C tc l.i 13%! IX*L . 13KV I3«i ;
.snOCcio Southern '.r|-2S*il-221» 23 f ZZ\L
TMi, Do 1st pf«J.:. {'M'+lu,' S4« 57
«!0| Do 23 pfd«..'J 3OJ4V23 | ~j )- a v
I.2C«r ; Ccn Gas ....\.\tlir-f : 2l$. !2l-5«4 ! 21S^
1,100 Cent Tob Co p*dil24H;124 I124V-1123'
WX'Qjm Prodacti .\f I7»ii 1*H.17 t'V'.Vni'
..«....! -Do pfd- .....! 74H? 73
?.10O:I>! t Hufisoa..il75H'174ti!l74?4J175. ,
JrtO^D L li TT l294U'2»4U!2»4^4!2aS e .
«WD 4 R G ......I .-y.L.' *i * 2»«ir S» "
MOj Do pt& ...-...» 3C%{ 8=%}.82»s(:S2»i
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN* MARKETS.
: Local, trade In -fresh fruits was quite, active
owing to the warm, sunny weather, but sup
plies of most descriptions were more than
sufficient for . requirements, and as there was
no movement In shipping channels prices of
several kinds had a downward tendency. Figs
were in. limited supply and firm, but there
were ample supplies of Apples and other de
ciduous fruits available, and some dealers
wero shading quotations. Prices • of strictly
fancy Apples were well maintained, but a
weak feeling prevailed, as it was known that
several cars of Oregon and Colorado Applet
were rolling this way. Table Grapes in crates
were lower owing to the lack of demand for
shipping, but oPen boxes were firm, with the
best offerings of Tokay and Muscat selling at
$1 5061 75 pep box. - A little more activity
was noted In Melons, but prices showed no
Improvement. A considerable portion . of.
Wednesday's belated receipts of Berries were
offering to the detriment of fresh stock, and
the market was weak in consequence. Cltru,s
fruits were moderately, active at previous
prices.
STRAWBERRIES — $>'<£10 per chest for
Longworths. $1 50@2 50 for Malindas and
$3g5 for Cheneys.
RASPBERRIES— $3 5O@5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 0c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— $1 50<g2 25 per box for
Coos Bay and $7 50<gS for Cape Cod.
APPLES— $1@1 25 for , fancy. -75390c • far
choice and 40@65c for common. . ,¦ ¦-
PEARS — Bartletts. $1 5<J@2 . per 1 box. In
cluding cold storage; Winter Nellis. $1@1 25;
other winter varieties 40<550c.
• PEACHES— 75®90c per. box. - ... ; -". :
PLUMS— 30*5630 per box or crate.
PERSIMMONS— 50c® $ I per box.'. - ;¦'..'
. POMEGRANATES — tOQ50c ' f or ; , small and
$1@1 73 for large boxes.
QUINCES — 25@40c per box.
FIGS— 90c@$l per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, nominal; • Nutmeg
Melons, 20©50c per box; Watermelons, $1©2
per dozen.
GRAPES^ — Table varieties. 50©75c for
crates, 20>?33c for small boxes and S5c€$l 73
for open boxes; Wine Grapes. $15@20 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, $3@4 per
box for Valenclas: Lemons. $2 Ii>g3 for
fancy; $1 75®2 23 for choice and $1 25<S?1 50
for standards; Grape Frnlt, $2 50®3; Mexi
can Limes. J4g I 50 per case; Bananas $2@3
per bunch for Central American and 75cG?2
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 73@2 25 per
dozen.
Decltlnous and Citrus Fruits.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange ts slightly higher. . ¦ \/,
I LOCAL. : - ¦¦:".
SterUng Exchange, •-xtydays... — $* : f*Ji
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 StjVi
1 SterUng Exchange, cables — 4 8^V»
! New York Exchange, sight — 0.^
I New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
[Silver, per ounce , — «> -
Mexican Dollars ....*..... — 4($
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 3 16%
New. York on Mexico 216'/,
Paris on London- "- -
i Berlin on London 20.35J«
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool ,. futures .'«vere lower
; Paris - futures were unchanged. ' , • :
I Chicago was rather lower* The Inter. Ocean
I said: • :
! "The Wheat situation in the Southwest is
acute said C. H. Spencer, who was here yes
! terday ¦ Offerings are very light and interior
mills in Kansas are taking the supply. We
are shipping Wheat back to Interior mills, as
I there i* none there for them to get from
I farmers. I think the Government figures on
Com will have to be cut 100, COO bushels." •"
1 The Chicago wires of "E. F. Hutton ¦ & Co.
said: "Liverpool continues to show a heavy
tone in the face of the strength here, of the
past few days. There is not so much talk
about the Flour demand In the Northwest an«
, our advices are that demand for F4au'r In the
Southwest Is disappointing. Ou r advices also
indicate that the atocks In the hands of winter
Wheat millers are pretty liberal. The active
i speculative interest tn Wheat continues to be
1 with the bull contingent. Armour seems scalp
! ing. but generally speaking there is no ag
gressive short interest. The hedging sales by
elevator people are Increasing as the stocks
1 accumulate. The load the balls will have to
' carry will, at the present rate -of movement.
: rapidly grow heavier."
I In this market the cash grain was un
changed. Futures were lower, with pressure
! to sell and buyers holding off for lower prices.
The market was active.
. . . CASH WHEAT.
California Club, >$1 45©1 32*i; California
1 'White Australian. $1 £o<gl 62^Tr Northern
: dab $1 4Sfrl.32H: Northern Bluestem. $1 00
©1 62£ per ctL , • , v . :
— -..-- •"* FUTURES. -' ".' '_:
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
¦ .Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 4S * $143 $147^' $1 47H
May.. 1 COt; 1 50K 1 43»» 1 49H
1 p. m. Sessioa
Open. ' High. Low. 'Close.
December ...$1 47« $1 47% $1 47U $1 47%
May— No sales;' $1 49>4 bid. $1 49^ asked. —
BARLEY — The market for cash Feed was a
fraction lower yesterday, as will be seen. The
damp grain is still operating against quota
tions. There was a sale of 2300 sacks of good
bright Feed, containing a good deal of burr
clover, at $1. • Futures were lower and very
dull and trade was Inactive all around.
CASH BARLET.
Fted, $1@1 1H4: Brewing and Shipping."
$1 12%®1 15; Chevalier. $1 17&©1 22% per
cental. .
' l-'li'lMJHTTC,
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. dose.
December —tl 08^i' fit-Si, $1 0S% $108%
May— No sales; $1 0S% .bid.
• * 2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 08%.
May— ?l C9.
OATS^ — There Is a continued demand for
seed, and £he usual Jobbing demand for feed
and milling. Stocks are ample for all cur
rent needs. '• - - -
\ White. $1 4O@l'56%: Surprise $1 50S1 60;
Red for feed, $1 32%®1 43 for Na • 1 and
$1 22U@1 30 for No. 2; extra a.ne for seed.
$1 42%ei SO: Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 50®l «5'for "seed. --
CORN — There i3 nothing new to report in
this market. Quotations s for California de
scriptions are nominal, as there Is practically
nothing on the market except Western.
Western sacked. $1 40-81 45 for Yellow $1 45
for White and $1 40&1 4* % for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow. $1 40^1 45; small round
do »1 55@1 62%: White, nominal; Egyptian.
$1 3501 45 for White and $1 25®1 30 i for
Brown. . ¦ - .
BYE— $1 37%<gl 42% per CtL .
; BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctL
: „ Flour, and Millstuff3.
FLOUR^— California Family Extras $4 S0O
5 10. usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 70©5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4'g.4 50
per bbl. • ¦ ¦> .. ' • . . • ;
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices In packages ar« as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour.
*7; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do. $3 80:
Oat Meat $3 75; Oat Croats, $4; Hominy.
13 80&3 S5; Buckwheat Flour. »4; Cfack'ed
Wheat. $3 50: Farina. $3 75; TVhole \Vneat
Flour, $3 00; Rolled Oats, bbls. $6 75<87 80; in
sacks $4 23; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas.
boxes. $3 50; Green Peaa. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feeds tuffs.
'.The feature of the " Hay. market ¦ yesterday
was the. arrival of a large number of cars of
No. I wheat from Contra Coata County, sell
lng at $11<S12 per ton. • The total : arrivals
were 747 tons. * Including 57 cars. Ther« was
no further change In Bran and Middlings.
BRAN— $10^20 per ton.
, MIDDLINGS— $21@27 per ton.
SHORTS — $19<Q20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50©24 per
tan; Oilcake Meal. at the mill, $:;i 5Og)32 50:
Jobbing. V53; Cocoanut Cake. $22®23- Corn
Meal. $30 50<g3I 50: : Cracked Corn, $31(532;
Mixed Feed. $22®22 50: Horse Beans. . $3O©40
per ton ;* Broom Corn Feed, 90c per "ctL .-•¦¦••
- HAY— Wheat. $10(313 50: Wheat and Oat.
$10«@14 50: Oat. $9#13; Barley and Oat. $3
©12; Volunteer Wild "Oat, $7®10: stable $9
©11: stock. $3 BO©7: Clove*. :$7®10; Alfalfa,
$!>ei2 • per ton. ' . - . . >
. STRAW — iHSeZc per bale.
Beans . and Seeds.
- Some damaged Beans are now coming In.'
The market Is Quiet, as everybody la watting
to see what effect the damaged goods will have
on * the '- market. '.. Quotations - remain " un- '
changed. > - " - ' ' - '~ ¦ ¦ •¦
BEANS — Bayos v $2 73«3; Pea. $3 io®3 23:
Butters.' $2 75@3: small . White. " S3 15^3'40;
large White. ' $2 40@2 83: Pink."- S3 1CS.1 30-
Red. $4 25<34 50: Lima. $4 15@4 30; Red Kld
neyi, $4 50g4 75; Blackeye*,. $2 60@2 70 per
ctl: Horse Beans. $1 S3<ff2 40. •- .&,<¦, ¦¦¦„ "-,-.¦
SEEDS — Brown . Mustard. v nominal: • Yellow
Mustard $3 23; Flax. ?2©2 .5; Canary &U.
©7c; Alfalfa.-.- 15%©lfl%c: Rap*.. lU(Q2We:
Timothy. 5%ic: Hemp,.3^©3a4c per Ib; Millet
:ua.Tic: Broom Corn Seed. $20ig21 per tort
DRIED PEAS— Nile*. $2©2 2*;. new - Green
Peas.. $2€> 25 per ctl. ' , ¦.. ¦¦¦.•¦-. .. ; . _• ,
Potatoes," Onions and^Vegetables.
. . Trade In Potatoes was quiet and the market
was . weak except r f or.. Salinas Burbanks. which •
were scarce, ¦ and available supplies ¦ of.' fancy ;
stock * were held : at " an advance. ' r River - Bnr
banks'- were in - excessive ¦ supply '¦'. and cheap,
with :- dealers '. trying ; to s force •; sales. • - Sweets
ruled- weak at ¦- the recently reduced quota-'
tlons.'.Two cars of fresh stock came in upon
an ? already' overloaded * market. : Onions ' were
firm at ' unchanged"' rates. 1 -' ¦. ' :¦ ' - -t. -i^v.:---*
• :Stoci* of Tomatoes.; Peppers/ Cucumbers and
Egg > Plant - were '¦ very ¦- heavy and / low s. prices ¦
ruled J for « those j descriptions. - : ' Beans, r Summer
Squash and' Okra -were ' In limited : supply ; «nd i
cleaned up readtljrat'flrm prtces.-"Green Oorni
Flour, qr sks...5O.4*i6, Wool, bales - 3.38
Wheat, ctls 2,82*! Screenings, sks,. J.3CO
Barley ctls 21.7«1'. Tallow, ctls 225
Oats, ctls 78M>ather. rolls ... 113
Feed, sks ..... . 220: Ltme.bbJs -„...-.- .*H
Shorts, ska . 4^ Hides. No.. S-V
Beans .sks .' 3.3T(ltPelts K .Xo «...». 4,119
Potatoes, star . . : 1.752t Wtoe. gal? .-„ ...» s^o
Onions, aks 4<-0«Si;«ar...c:ls ..... 410
Bran, sks,..*.... i;412'Paper. rearas .... 833
MiddUngs, sks .. 140* Quicksilver, flsks.""!©
Hay tons *¦' 747fRaisrn«.' bxs ..V." 1.3C0
Hope, bales ..... S29I - - ; --- .¦--..
Receipts of Produce. .
FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER 20.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign - Futures.
'h:^'C[l . LTVBRP0OL.
Wheat — ' Dec- . March.
Opening 7 5% 7 6%
Closing .......'7 5. 7 «14
PARIS.
Wheat— -Oct. * Jan.-Apl.
Opening • 23 50 24 70
Closing ...23 50 24 70
Flour— - * ' ?.."•'
Opening •••• 31 10 32 30 -
Closing ...: 31 10 , 32 30
St. Louis Wool .Market.
- ST LOUIS, Oct. -20. — WOOL— Steady; me
dium" grades clothing. 20©26c; light fine. 16©
20c; heavy- one, 12616c; tub- washed, 22-giS6c. .
/. Northern "Wheat Market.
OREGOX.
PORTLAND. Oct. 20. — WHEAT— For export:
Walla "Walla, S2c ; bluestem, Soc ; valley, S5c
For Eastern markets: Walla Walla, S3c; blue
stem,; see. ' *.- ¦ 1. ¦
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 20. — WHEAT — Unchanged,
but weak; bluestem, S3&c; club. S5&C-
Xorthern Business.
SEATTLE. Oct. 20. — Clearings, J726.659;
balances, Sl<8>,152. -
TACOMA. Oct. 20.— Clearings, $474,S75;
balances, $78,7fc"9. , ' "
PORTLAND, Oct 20.— Clearings, $700,08.;
balances, $3J,30S. " " '
SPOKANE. Oct. 20.— Clearings, $324,660;
balances, $25,135.
The. weakness in Butter was still more pro
nounced yesterday. Receipts from the northern
coast were heavy, and' as trade was very
dull all hands wanted to sell. As the day
went on the pressure to sell increased and
late In the afternoon creameries were freely
offered at» lc less than during the forenoon.
Complaint* of the dullness in trade Increased.
Cheese and Cggs remained steady at pre
vious prices with featureless markets.
Receipts were tn.ieu lbs. Butter, 544 cases
Eggs and 1900 lbs Cheese./ -
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 2S2C3c
for extras and 23@27c for lower to medium
grades; dairy. 21@24c; cold storage. 24c; store
Butter. 17g20c: Eastern 1-Ib squares. 2&;;
Kastern cubes. 21 ii®23c; Eastern ladle-packed
16©17c per Ib.
CHEESE— ll%@12*sc for choice mild new
and fl<alOc for old; cold storage, 10^®llc;
Young Americas. UUSl.'c; Eastern. 10@15c
per lb. v
EGGS — Ranch. 39@40c for large white se
lected. 37«3Sc for good to choice and 34©36c
for common: -cold storage. 27^@3Oc; store,
nominal; Eastern. 20^r2Sc for choice. 23025c
for standards and 21@22c for seconds.
The feature of the Butter market at present
Is j the appearance of a new kind of outside
competition with the California product. A
large concern in Sioux City Iowa, which has
heretofore sold -goods on this market in cubes
through brokers has just established an office
in this city ami is selling the best Eastern
creamery, direct to retailers in the form i of
1-lb full- weight blocks put up in cartons. The
present price to arrive is 2Sc. The trade say
that if this is kept up It is bound to be a
factor in this market from now en.
Butter. Cheese and Esss.
SUSCEIiliAXEOUS MARKETS.
t The strike of the Poultry Dressers" Union
f was still unsettled and j continued to exert a
depressing influence upon the market, but as
receipts were light prices of all descriptions
were well : maintained and" the market was
pretty well cleaned up at the close. 'A Mr
of 'Western stock came in to a leading retail
firm • on Wednesday.
1 The warm weather caused easier prices tot
several kinds ol Game, as * dealers were
I anxious to clean up before the stock spoiled.
Receipts were about 100 sacks.
- POULTRY— Live Turkeys. old,14®16c per
n* for' Gcbblers and 15017c for Kens; young
Turkeys, 20<g22c per lb; Geese, per pair $150
6*1 75; Goslings. 5"-"S- 25; Ducks. $4 £<>S5 per
dozen for old and $4 50<@8 for young: Hens.
ft 50#5 for small and $3 CCrfi t> fcr large : young
Roosters. $5 00®6; old Roosters. M 50©5; Fry
ers, $4 50@5; Broilers. $3<g4: Pigeons. $1 23
per dozen for old and $2yl" 2Z for SQuabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $4@6 per dozen;
Canvasback. $4©<J; Teal $2 50§3; Sprig-. $2©
2 50; Widgeon. $1 50^2; Red Heads. $2@2 SO;
smaU Ducks, $1 50^1 75; Gray Geese. *4;
. White Geese $1©2; Brant SI 50®2 50; Snipe.
{ *3 for English and 51 50 for common; Doves,
j $1@1 25; Hare, $1 75§2; Rabbits. |2 for,Cot
{ tontail and $1 SO for Brtwh.
Poultry and Game.
-1>OIARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall rtreet stocks still active and lr
rt-rular. Cotton lorrer.
\\ heat gniet. with lower fntures. Bar
l«y declined.
«»;its. Corn and Hye as before quoted.
pesos quiet, with damacid stock com*
ins ia.
Vo farther chanae in liar and F«red
staffs.
Canned Salmon quiet, with packers
carrj ins the g°°d s -
Quicksilver lower for local use.
Nevada sending in large lines of
Honey.
Provision? quiet, with local ctxttlns in
Ilanx-«.-
Cattlr. Sheep and Hoes still In eood
*acp!jr.
Eastern P»utter now beins sold direct
tn retailers fn pound packaees.
Potatoes in larse supply and generally
weak. Onions firm.
Poultry wreak, but no lower. Game de
clined.
Warm weather stimulates the demand
for fresh Fruits.
Stocks and Cotton.
The N>w Tcrk wires of E F. Hutton & Co.
r«eterday said :
STXXTKS — While oplnioEs are rnocj* confused
'.a tfce street as to the futar* course cf valnes.
It U pexfect'.y plain to us that tasking Inter
ests frcpose putting price* higher eventually.
Even the present rang* of value* «r« no way
:-.r«t««i and we are e«ttln» In line for great
busteees activity for the ecscisc year, which
rr.eaas teary eusian for various lnd-sstries
ari tscreasiag dividends can b« looked for
U:er. Hescc this Is net a period In which to
e-:i stocks. It is Quite likely. that stocks ¦¦rill
r.uct^te within a narrow range for a while.
1- wfc5ch ca*e stocks should be bocyit on any
weaineas and sold on one to two points rally.
bM DM inilllWIa trend cf values will be cp.
We can e*e nothlz^r to si&ke aay permanent
weakresc tn th« market. PrcSt to a great
rr.ary holders no doubt seercs attractive as
tta inarket has had a leng aad persistent' ad
m=c*. t« stocks are cot yet high and money
i? cheap aci seers* to be tending cheaper.
What can the tig fellows do with their money
t" better ad-.-antape than hold stacks which
ray corsiderably better than current interest
at present rates? We can ee« no more than
*.ilp:=g reactions.
COTTON — The weather was sorsewhat un
favorable, there beirg froet reported- at sev
eral pclsts is Texas. The aasit rredlctlca la
ir.ade fcr ts -night. The most natural th f ar
!r. the world is the msh of cottcn to ports
r -ea w e consider exporter* are in the lnter'or
for cocton for Intermediate forwardi=« and
who need nearly half a million bales to cake
good before November 1. Opinions en the
market are very much mixed, scrne predict 'nx
Pc for eottaa. whUe others say It irtU *ro
to lie. \
Cons for mooey.. SS%lN Y Central 138%
Do for meet 8-9 11-16' Nor A- Western... 73H
Anaconda' .. r: ..'. *Ti! "Do pfd .•.%^.;.. 94
Atcisisoa ".'.'. RSUiOnt t Western*.. 3S%
Do t>M 104%fPennsyU-anla -;... CST*
Bait A OMo 9«%!Rar.d. Mines ..... 10%
Can Padfle .....137 (Reading SJ
Cfc*s A OW«...V.'4r.X'*-Do-lst 'pfd.".... r 45
CM Great West.. 20 <- Do +«¦ ptd. '..•(.. ~41U,
Chi. Mil &. St P.17«*i'So Railway;; 3S%
De-Beers •,..::r.;-UI! 1' Do pfd ¦...'.:. '.'1»r ¦
Den * Mi* 4.... 3l»45 So Pacific •.".....-. C3%
Xew York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20; Little Cnlef ..... 03
Alice ' 3." 'Or. taxi o . 3 73
Breece ~. ISrOphir 2 10
Bruns Con 13 Phoenix .......... 17
Com Tunnel .... 10!Potost -, 08
Con Cal & Va... I WSavage 24
Horn Silver 1 W* Sierra Nevada 24
Iron «llver ..... 190' Small Hopes..... "30
LeadTtye.Coo:... 02 fitandard ...;..¦>... J 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — - - ICSSteeL... 21
Call !can« ...,.,.. 2i??3! Do pfd 51 H
Tirsa-ioani ..•••••'•. 4^5. "Wertlng-. Common.- 86 ?
Bonds— f Mining— "
Atchison 4s .:... 101 »; ! Adventure 3H
Do adj 4s ©«4!AUoue2 1? :
Mex Central 4s... 72 iAmal Copper .... C4%
Railroads — fAmer Zinc 1291
Atchiaon 86 I Atlantic 14%
Do pf/1 lM*ilBSn*ham ..3114
¦Rotten & AI*any.25O ! Caluajet & Hecla.5«0"
Boston * Haine.l«i4 !C«ntennlal 26%
Hostcn E'.ev . ,...1.".3 (Daly Wert 12%
Mex O»r.rral K.ri'Pom Coal ... f5
S T. N H & H.. 103%' Franklin 8
P»re Marquette... 70 IGrancy 2V t
Union ' P*clfic -10«%'l*le Rnyale ....... 20^
lliscetlanetms — -- ' t Msm • Mining ".'..¦;- .4*4
Am*r Arpe Cfcetn. lS^'Mlchljcan ...-.....'714
Do jiM &**&' Mohawlc ;.*...¦... i.'Sn* 1
Anier Pneu Tube. 5 I Mont Cn«.I.& Coke- 9
Amer Puirar -. . . .lWUjoia jDoftHnloh. ... 20t^
Do pM .-'-•. ..'..VS 'Orceola v.r.T,..'.. jigxi
Amer <Tel .-*:- Tel. 14.1^' Parrot >.'..". .;.;.: . .24%
An-.»r Woolen. . .. X* f Qulncy .^. ., ~ . . .-. 84
Do r,fA ........ S3 (Shaneou ii-...*B%-
T5o» Iron & S.».'l*H l Tamar«clc" t ..*j'.*.;;:ii9 1
Ed E>ct Ilium. .250 8T4
C^b E!»etrir .... 175*4' C S Mining...... 24U,
«>••«•» Electric.,.. « >T7 P Oil 11%
Do pfd .... 33. Jftah «%
Mass' Oas ,-•.... 42%'Vlrtoria ;.. S*i
Trnltfd Fruit" THt^'Wlnona , ?*j
Un . Ehf»- Macs ... K» t Wolverine 93
Do nfd ¦". . . : ~.~. Z3\i I
F^ondon no«fnc' Stoofc<i. -
Do coupen 10»5%iNR of Mex con 4s 79
Atch gen 4s 102%!N T C gen 3%s..lOO%
Do adj 4b...... fl7 jS JC gen 5s. ...134%
Atlantic C L 4s. 98%i Nor Pacific 4s 104*4
Bait & Ohio 4J..103«i| Do 2s 73
Do 34s 95%! Nor A W con 4S.100T4
Central 'of Ga 5s.U3%iOSL 4s & partic. 94^
Do 1st Isc ?7- I Pa conv 3%s ....102%
Ctes tc Ohio 4%s.lO3%! Reading gen 4s. 101%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 81 |S L t I M con Cs.113
C E A : Q new 4«. 9S ! S L & S F f g 4s. S«H
CM tc SP gn 4s.lC9H'St Louis SW lsts. 99%
C * NW coa Js.12S t <i I Seaboard A L 4a. 81
C R I & Pac 4s. 76%! So Pacific 4s 94»i
'Do col 5s...... 86«'So RaUway Bn 11S&
CCC4 ELgn O.102 !Tex & Pac lsts.,122
Ctl Term 4s 7»U ToL St L * W 4s. 80*;
Cons Tobacco 4s.. 76%: Union Pacific 4s. 105%
Colo * So 4s R«%l Do conv 4i lf»%
C F * I con 5s. Sl*4tU S STeel 2d 3s.. $0%
n-n & Rio G 4s.l01»,i!Waba*h lets 118
Er.p prior Uea 4s.lOO J Do deb B r.%
Do ren 4» ..... -SSHfW & L Erie 4s... 80%
F TV & D C lsts.HO%!Wls Central 4s... 82%
Hock Val 4%s...lOS 1, '-
U S ref 2s re*..104»i!L Sc N unified 4s. 102%
Do coupon 104 \ II an con gold 4S.1C5
Do 3s rtg ..104%IMex Central 4s... 74
Do coupon..... 1C5M Do 1st inc 21%
Do new 4s reg.l30%!»lnn & St L is.. 9U*
Th> coupon 131%; M. K A Texas is.lOlii
Do old 4s reg.108%! Do 2ds S4%
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refmlng Com
pany Quotes as follows, per lb. In ICO-lb bajrs:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.23c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c; Fruit .Granulated, ec: Beet Granulated
(10O-lb bass cn!y). 3.90c: Confectioners' A. 6c;
Masnolia A. 5.60c: Extra C. 5.5Cc: Golden C.
3.40c: "D." 5-3Ce: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 23c more: boxes. 30c more; 50-Ib bags.
10c more Xor all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
8.50c; boxes. 6.73c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos.
9c per lb. . No orders taken for less tbaa
seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
SALMON — Trade Is quiet, as the Jobbers ar»
letting the packers carry the stock this. year.
and are buying only as their spot needs re
quire. Offerings of Alaska red are still be
ing made at $1 05. but the stock of this vi
riety held by outsider* is small, all the rest
bein? in the hands of the association, which ts
offering but little at $1 10. and that only- to
regular customers.
QUICKSILVER— Is quoted lower la the lo
cal market at $40^41 SO per Cask.
•OILS — Quotations ar« for barrels; for case*
add Sc; Linseed, 53c per gallon for belled and
51c for raw; Castor OU, In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA^ cases. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 50c for
boiled and , 4So for - raw; China Xut. eases.
65<QS0c per gallon: Cocoa nut Oil. In barrel*.
58c for Ceylon and 33c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. «3c; extra bleached winter "WTial*
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil. -52c: extra winter
•trained Lard Oil. 75c; .No. 1 Lard OIL 63c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; -Vo. X Neatsfo-'t .On.
63c; light Herrlnr Oil. 42c: dark Herring OIL
40c; Salmon Oil boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 33c; boiled Paint OIL 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c
COAL OIL — ¦Water White Coal OH. tn bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases l»%c: Astral. 19%e;
Star. 19%c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 2«c: Eo~
eene. 23c; Deodorised Stove G woline. In bttlk.
16c; in cases 22%c; Benzine; In bulk. 13c: in
cases. 19%c;.S£-degree Gasoline.. in bulk. 23o:
In cases. 31c.
TURPENTLVE; — Sic per gallon in case: and
75c ' In drums and Iron barrels. -
RED AXD WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7»4O
7%c per lb;"Wlslte Lead.- 7»4®7»;-c. acccrd:nc
to cuantlty. ,
- General Mercbandlsc.
BAGS-^Graln Bags. $3C3 23; San Qoenrtn.
$4 50: Wool Ba«s 30«32c; Fleece Twine. 7%c:
Fruit Bagj 6»-©7%c for wbits and 7c for
brown Jute. - _ - •S*S*' .
COAL, — Wellington. $8 per ton:.. New Wel
lington* $9; , Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $« 30:
Beaver Hill. |3 30: Rotlyn. - $7; Cocs Bay.
$3 50; Richmond.. $7 50: . Oimberland. fl3 tn
bulk and -|14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. 513:
Welsh Lump. $11 30; CanneL $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 50© 13. per ten tn buDc and $13 In sacks;
P.ocky -Mountain descriptions. $S 30 per short
ton _• ... . \ -"¦,.".., •
[Des M & Ft D ..1. 24 23
4(», Detroit- Southern. 4% " \% <¦ Ju Ik
....... • Da p»(j ....... — ' —i,
'" V;AA^, laniOfld Match. ..... .1.1! 135 136
2.40O;Dtstilirag S-cur. 33S 33 33 S^
¦"•."iAA 1 Do Bonds ~ 73 74
5,000 Do M prd .. 5OU 4»£ 50 50ii
... E fc T H 58 60
»o prd 75 S5
General Cfcernical 48 53
200 Gen Electric ...jl76Vi IT5% 17B^ 177^
}Gt Northern p'd 1SS 192
3.S0O Green Cons Cop. 20% 2O*» 20% 20^4
-.iHavana Tob Co .'. 2S 30
' Do pfd 37 41
200,Hcckinif Valley.. S3 82 82 S3
., 10»>j Do pfl 90 90 80>-i »0
H°$i Illinois Central . . 144H 1434 144?» 144%
"20O]laur Paper .... lS^ 1T% 17\4 lSlj
S00. Do pfd 78 TT^j 77T, 81
10<> Inter Power €3 e3 KJ 63^i
llnter Pump 3714 38
1.200) Dopfd 79 78H 79 S0%
POO, Iowa Central .'. 29", 2S»» 2SU 2S%
2<M>] Do pfd ? 4t>»4 49H 49H 50
2t*.> Kanawha & M.. 3GK 35% 38 37
.VX) K C F S & M pfd 7»*4 79VJ 79% 79%
SCO-K C Southern.:. 27^! 27 27^ 27 'i
MOj Do-pJd— ..¦ 49*s 48 49 49H
2C0jKeokuk i t-s M 17%! 16H 17 13'
Laclede Gas pfdj ...:. S2 100
L E & Western.! 32 S3
Do pfd !1OO 1100 »ti 103 -
Lone. Island ...j ! 5S 6O
S.200 Louis & Kasa... 135H? 134 135V;!l33}i
3. 700 Manhattan 159^, 15S 13S% 159
• 2.40<>Metropo;tan Sec 88V* SH 86 8<SU
91,700 Met St Ry.. 127 122% 126S 12«»i
7,900Mexicsn Central. 16*6 15^t 16H lK«i
Minn & ~t L. . .•. .' . 5914 6OV5
10O; Do pM Oflti 96^ 96' 9S
,'M. St P*S S M S1U S2
100; Do pfd 134 131 134' 13*H
3,300:Mo, Kan & Tex.j 29 \i 2S*4 2»H 2»>S
1.600, Do pfd........ 57V4 06H 5C?i -«>,
rX.ScO^sscurt Padfle. 1O4?4 lOGH 104 lW^i
-"jN'a&h. C A St L. .134 13«
6,500'NAtiosal Lead... 25% 24U 25H 23*1
*>0O|- Da pfd I 93 971; 97Jfc 9$iZ
l.SO0:N-« RH Mex pfdj 41«i 41H 41 41H
National Biscuit.! 4S% 49V*
Do pfd 109H HO -
p«ew Jersey Cen. ..... .,... 1S2V- 1S3
500 N T Air Brake.. 137H 137 137" 137H
8.100»w York Cen... 134^ 132*4 133% PS%
400 N T. C & St L. 34tf, 34 34^ 34^,
Do 1st pfi ..... 34%f 35
1 Do 2d pfd 110 111*.
|Xew Tork Dock. 67. 1,72
SOaX T. N H i H. 195% 195 193 U 1 194
JN T. Ont & W. 40H 3«U 40H 40rt
6.100'Xorfolk & West 73 71»i 73 73^
- Dopfd 93 195
400' North American. 97i;| 96 hi, 9«H! 97
1.200! Northern Seta... 113Sfcill3 113^.1114
Omaha ..'. 140 1150
Do pfd..; 1S5 '193
iO S L 4s.' 9SH 99
'Pacific Coast 69^1 TO
I Do 1st pfd 93 103
.1- Do 2d PM.....1...:. . tt?5 79
1.100 Pacific Mall..;.. 39 37% 33 39U
€5.700, Pesa R R Co... 136^ 135 • 133*; 13« •
V^KO^Pecple^s Gas !lO7^,!l06i4!107i8 107U
200 Pere Harq pfd.. 72HI 71?» 72 72^4
IP. C. C & St L 74 75
s, -I Do pfd .."... 103H 105
B,SO0 Pressed Steel Car 41»4 40^4 40% 43
1,300! Do p£d 82 82 Sl% 82
I Pullman Car Co. 228 230
800'Ry Steel Springs 25*4 23 U I 23H 23%
200! Do pfd S6»i SflHl S6H S8«i
94. ICO Heading 75Ai 74lj 75Vs 75Vi
' C00| Do 1st pfd SS^i 88 . S8 8SH
400[ Do 2i pfd 81 St SOH 81%
t.9C0,Kepublic S * I. 12H HTj n^ 12
i Do pfd ; C2H! 52 52»4l 52H
2,000 Rubber Goods... 22 T 3 ! 22 22%! 22ii
100! Do pfd S3' t S3 S5 86'
300S1CM S S & I.. 43V 43H 43 43^
' U3 pfd 90 97
.....i-iSt J 4 G 1 51 55
Do 1st pfd: 2« 27
Do 2d pfd 72 75
S L & SF 1st pfd / 72 75
S00! Do 2d pfd ... «2H 61}i 62% €2ii
600'St L& S W .... 22 22 21% 22
4OOt Do pfd 49 iSV, 4S% 49
3S.»0O Southern Pacific. 61*i 60*; 61% 61*;
lS,400:Soathern Ry ... 34% 33% 34% 34%
SCO! do pfd 93% 95 95 95%
[Standard Oil ..644 649
iStandard R A T 1 T 8 2
5,100LTenn Coal & Iron 56% 55H 5«U 56?s
STex P L T Co 30 33
4 r 9C0T£xa^ PaclT.c .~. 31%. 34 >34% >34%
, -SC^Third Ave-.*^rf.{130%}130Ul*>' 131
lOOTol-Ky & T Co.^25 23 23% 30
200-Tcl St L is. W.. 3O»; I 30% 30*; 31
200! Do pfd 49*« I 49% 49**[ 60
(Twin City R T 1G2*« 103U
lOOrnion B & P... -7% 7U 7 7%
100-' Do pfd €S CS - 67% 68
50.300Un!on Pacific .. 106% 105% 10«i% 1(W»;
lOOi Do pfd 051* 93% S3 95%
.......! Do Cornr 4s.. 100% 110 ,
iTTnited Copper .- 3 7
. 300 United RofSF 16 j 15% 15U 16
L100 ! Do pfd 60%! 59% 60% 61
i Do 4s : j 83j; 84
300'U P Cast Iron P 13% 13 13?i 14
lOOl Do pfd 63% 63% 63 64%
!U S Express I 117 119
19.2OO'U S Leather ... 13%[ 12%| 13% 13%
1.100! Do pfd 92 OOVii 91% 92
900,11 S Rubber 2S% 28 28% 2S*4
SOC! Do Pfd 83% 83% 82 63
92.200 U S Steel Cor... 21% 21 ( 21 21%
25,500! Do pfd Sl%! 80Ut 81% 81%
300'Va-Car Chea Co 34%| 34%! 34% 35
20O! Do pN 10Si4!10SV;!lC8 !108%
3.«50O;Wabash 21% 21 21%! 21%
2,500' Do pfd 43% 42% 43%! 43%
I Do deb Bs 6W?* 67
IWelis-Fariro Ex 23S 246
40OWtstern Union.. 92% 91% 91% 91%
2.0(X);We«tin»rhouse ... 172% 170% 171% 172
1,000 W & L E i 18% IS 18*4 19
200j Do 1st pfd ... 46%j 46 45 46
! Do 2d pfd... ! .; 27 27%
l.lCOl"Wts Central .... 22 21% 22 22%
700i Do pfd 45% 43 45% 46
seo; so Pac pfd .... 119 113% liavi n«
1,410,300 Total Shares Sold. ;
New York Bonds.
13 Giant Powdsr Con «»-»
50 Honokaa S Co ............... 13 CO "
- SCO Oceanic S-S Co 3 75
«O Pmauhaa S P CO 13 CO '"
25 Paaonaa 3 P Co .". li 12?i
35 S F Gas * Electric S3 73
'JSP Gas & Electric W 87,'i
• » S- F Gaa & Electric ;... 19 75
- 25 S F Gas & Electric 58 SO
10 S F Gas & Electric 53 3**4
WSF Gas *• Electric.. 58 <».
*5.CCO Cal Cas 4 H G a 4 C T 5s. <1 f«l
J5.C4*> Oakland Transit Coo Ss... 1C« 25'
»5.C<X> S F ft S J V 5s. b 3 US «t$
$^CCO Sprtag V Wat Co gen mtge 4s. 00 00
Livestock delivered In San Francisco. less 40®'
43 per cent shrinkage for Cattl«:
CATTXE-^Steers, 7K*7Vsc: Cows and Htl.'
ers. SHCtt^c; thin Cows. 4©3c per lb. -<-
CALVES— 404%c per lb «gross weight).
. EHEEP— Wethers. 3UC3*c; Ewes. Z$r>\i,c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 504?2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs 140 toBTBn 4%e;
200 to 25O lbs/4%c: 13O lbs and under. 4%c;
over - 250 lbs, .4%c; soft Hogs, not . .wanted:
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent oft.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from ' above quota
tions. -¦ . ' - . -. .".*. i.
• POTATOES— Burbanks from > the river. 50®
70c "per -ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1®1 35 per
ctl: Rl\er; Reds 85c- per-etl; Sweet Potatoes,
"S-fWtc per ctL "'-• ' ¦-' ' : --"¦¦•
ONIONS— $1 25<gl 50 per ctl. .
. VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 73c©$l 23 per
sack- or - crate: String Beans, 3-tJ-tc per
Ibr Wax ••- Beans. 3«4c per - lb; Lima
Beans, 4 <& 5c per" lb; Tomatoes. IS©
40c p«r ' box; Summer Squash. 4O@«5Oc per
box: Cabbage, ; 75c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per
sack;- Cucumbers, 30@40c per box;- Garlic. -4^4
; ©4 %e •- per- lb; : Egg ¦ Plant. 30tfi40c per box;
I Dried - Peppers, nominal; Green Okra, 60<S65c
I per box; Green Peppers. 25@40c per - box;
' Mushrooms, 12*4£|15c per lb; ¦ Marrowfat
I Squash. $12tfl5,p«r ton.
has about had its run and the quotations ¦ will
soon. be withdrawn. •.*'"
OMAHA, Oct. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4500.
Steady. Natlvs steers, $4 25@S 35; cows and
heifers, $2 40@3 60: Western steers, $3SJ4 60;
Texas steers. $2 75<3'3 65;,;. range cows and
heifers $2 25@.1 23: canners, $1 50@2 15; stock
era and feeders. «2 25@4; calves, $3 50®5; bulls
and stass; $1 50<g3 23.
HOGS — Receipts, 2500. ¦ Market ¦ 5c higher.
Heavy. J5«J3 10: mixed, $3<g5 05: light. $565 15;
p!g3 $4 25@4 75; bulk of sales. $3 G5®5 10. .
SHEEP — Receipts, 10.000. Strong. Western
yearlings, $3 63@4 10; wethers. $3 40<5.$ 00:
ewes - $3.fKJ CO; common and stockers, $2 30®
3 7a; lambs. $4 SOS 5 25. >:,:.;•
6 40; native cows and heifers,' $1 50Q4 SO: atock
ers and feeders, *2 23@4 25; bulls, $1 7512:t 23;
calves, J2 5G@e; Wtstera steers, $Z1j>i 50; West
ern cows, $1 5O33 50. ' ~ * • _ - ! -
HOGS— Receipts, 6000. Steady. Bulk of
sales, $4 8OS5 15;: heavy, $5 15®5 30; packers,
$4 9<HS3 20; pigs and lights. $4 50®5.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000. Strong. Muttons.
$3 25-g.i SO; lamba. $4 25@5 50; range wethers.
$3 23(64 ; flwes, $2 5O@3 SO; Utah , lambs, 73
pounds, $3 50. ' "
Omaha. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1904.
,H- R- Brown, attorney of the la
dles* Seamen's Belief and " Protection
Society, appeared before the Police
Committee yesterday and arranged for
a conference next Thursday, at 4
o'clock to consider the* renewal for
five years of the lease now held by the
society on the Sailors* Horaa.
Seeks Renewal of Letue.
Th« fottowing quotations are for good, sound
¦ Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are - as ? follows : >¦' '• ¦¦ ' •'•.•• ¦ '¦ ¦.? .* .-.-: ¦-¦
¦:'¦- BEEF— 5(jjTc "¦ for ' Steers . and 4g5c . per lb
fcr-Cows. ; . -¦•¦ - ¦ - ¦ ¦,¦¦*¦' -¦¦* ¦ ' • ' • V' •-
;¦"•: VEAL— Larse. 6$5©7«c: small.- "sgOc per Ib.
-f MUTTON— Wethers.- 73>7 Vic; Ewe*. 8<?7c per
pound. -¦•".:;¦¦ -- r ' .- ' ¦ • •
- -.LAMB^-8i59c:per in. 1 ¦ -•;--•
;- PORK— Dressed , Hogs,'-. 6©Sc per lb;
' ; . . . v -LIVESTOCK MARKET. ¦ ' .
DRESSED ; MEATS.
, There-are ». good many. «mall; Hogs eomingr
In, and -. as the , demand is > light and confined
mainly t» packet*/ the market Is none too firm.'
Otherwise there <:¦ is . nothing ; new.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15The Paraiso Springs are always open..*
¦ ¦ Bnrnett'i _\ r anilla Extract - U sold
ty all the best rrocers ' everywhere. ; try ' It. r *
Ll.The ' Interborough ..Rapid* 'Transit
Company of ; New York) has V stationed
special v officers,-'. known' as '.'elevated
specials,"-' at the" principal elevated ; sta
tions on ; its system where! the^ traffic is
heaviest' during! the*; "rush" 'hours. "
,:'-} James .' MeansV, $3.00 ; Shoes ; • for ; ¦ men
have all the . style ' and wearing , qualities
of -Shoes* retailing In high-priced? stores
for: $3.50 « to $6.00. ." All . fancy .profits f are
eliminated \by ' our> system v from % factory
to you:.; James Means' Shoes.'Store.T- 16
Fourth street. , . Catalogue • f r'ee,*>'- ' " • • -•¦¦
•Yesterday afternoon; Judge, Coffey
heard arguments /on both i sides '•<. re
garding; the 'i force of Uhe'. trust f clause
in^the r f,wlll ; of <the>iate j'AJicet Skaefof
New; YorkV^' She * left* property^ a t f Ful^
ton \ and Larkln 1 streets,^ this '¦ city,^val
t uediat!$23i;o0O.^UnderIthe«trust|the
property iwas £ to "f-be" held '?% until "i the
death.of her 'daughter 'and; then J 50,*
000Iwas to-be 'glvenUo^theTdaughter.'s
husband taridithet remaih'def.U6»be ;dis
tributedii among* the v daughters
dren.^f The] daughter- is yet unmarried,
so; the '. beneficiaries 'I are ( prospective.
Peculiar i.WUl'i Provision.
' '(.We j clon't^ *ell ', all > the ; best ; suit : cases
and bags, butlall; thejsolt cases T and bags
we - do .-. sell^ are^the ;t best; 7 same f,' with
trunks. > pocketbooks [and wrist .bags." ¦ : All
lettered in gold free of charge." Sanborn,
Vail'&iCo.. 741 Market? street. •
Ditss Suit Cases and Bags.
Is the deck of an American vessel
on the "high seas when she is lying
in a foreign harbor,, so far; as statu
tory crimes are. concerned? is the
question , which United States Com
missioner. Heacock .will pass upon on
Saturday. The- question was raised
yesterday: during, the examination ; of
Captain 1 Olaf Anderson of the . Ameri
can schooner Vine. The,: charge
against him was that of , beating and
wouhdinfir John 1 Saunders. . his kanaka
steward. ;,The . beating , was ' proved by
the ' testimony, . but* as .the i vessel * at
the time - was lying in Ta harbor of the
Caroline ; Islands ;. the . defense ; raised
theT point that i the i offense had , not
been ; committed v on the " high -seas.
Authorities ; on' this : point will.beVsub
mitted. to-day and the decision .will be
rendered on Satur day."
Important Question* Raised Before
Commissioner ' "Ilcacock in the
Case of ; the Schooner Vine.
. .A', writ, of, 4 attachment \ was,- placed
yesterday * on i the « El Explora
tion '¦ Company,'; an-: alleged •"wildcat",
concern," with- an. office: in', the >Parrott
building. The writ was served; at-, the
instance ¦; of JV J.' Dolan : to!- coyer i* a
claim of J 9745. : All; the furniture '• in
•the office was ; carted ? away ; In': charge
of .the Sheriff's .^deputies.
Attaches Exploration: Company.
IS FOREIGN HARBOR
SAME AS ' HIGH SEAS?
. ,: ; Upon . application of '. .Albert -MY
Johnson,^ attorney ?foir^ AdolphVSchan
'der; in "the" . contest - of •- Bertha"* M. ¦* Dol
beer's',will, f * Judge, Coffey yesterday'or
dered ', commissions > to , ; issue ¦ for I the
taking of;"the depositions of Bessie
Mason,.,, Ellen.: Cleary: and .Jennie
O'Donnellat New. York. The examin-.
ation. of witnesses in V the "metropolis
began on October i 13^ and;is;still; .un- ;
der .way.- With the 'large' number on
both sides yet to be' examined thetakr
ing "of ' depositions « is ;¦ assuming *v the
magnitude of a ; trial \ of - ; the ;; case V on
the/ other side of the continent.* ;
Three Dolbeer i Depositions.
The Saunterer tells In this., week's
Town Talk of * the , deserted Irish ' castle
built for Mrs. Eleanor Martin. ¦ He gives
anew version of "the" .Bohemian, - Club
contretemps and tells of an old' feud be
tween Raphael I Welll and William! Greer
Harrison. He ; tells of an army ; officer
who took, green absinthe to cure a jag
and how it led him into serious trouble.
Some light is shed on the Fairmount Ho
tel project and • on - the " libretto 7-6f«« the
Bruguiere opera — written by Dan'O'Con
nell.. If you do not read Town Talk you
miss much of the best news:of the social,
political, art and theatrical worlds.; "The
essays of Harry \ Cornell v appeal to the
most cultured ', taste, ¦¦ those ; of ; Theodore
Bonnet are of . rare topical Interest,' and
notable among recent contributions ?•?. to
magazine literature are, those ; stinging
Jeremiads . of -' Mr..; Edwin '•= II. Clough ¦ on
the ; subject ¦ of the - missionaries ' of • the
Orient. . ¦ ¦¦'
The Newsy Weekly.
Justice of the Peace Van , Nostriand
yesterday fined "Jake'V Rauer'.$5rfor
contempt of court and threatened : to
put him under arrest. The Incident
occurred during the trial of the suit
of Rauer against E.-F. Frasier to.re
cover $10 alleged to be due as a bal
ance on : a promissory note made out
tos Catherine . McCracken. In giving
her;. testimony . Mrs. McCracken testi
fied that: Frasier had paid. her $90 on
the: note and she had assigned the
claim for 410 to Rauer. Later Frasier
paid her the $10, at the same ; time
saying: .
"You better take this money, for If
Rauer gets ¦ his hands on it ; you will
ne.ver ( see it again." A,
Rauer glared at Frasier in the court
room and applied a vile epithet to him
in r an v audible whisper. . Judge »'. Van
Nostrand heard it and said: '*,
':¦ "Mr. Rauer. ,1 flne-you $5 for.;con
tempt of court andl have a" good mind
to send you. to Jall.">..;, ; .=
":Rauer promptly produced the/ $5
and apologized. to the court.- .-.
Judge Van Nostrand Disciplines Money
Lender, Who Narrowly Es- <
; capes a Trip to JalJ. 7
General Clay is an honored. veteran
of the Civil War and one of the very
few who have been specially distin
guished by medals of honor/ He won
his while colonel of the Fifty-eighth
Pennsylvania Volunteers on the James
River, where he recaptured from the
enemy the colors of a Union,' regi
ment. In doing so his right arm was
crippled by a fragment of a shell, but
he bore the colors proudly in. his left
hand at the head of his regiment
during the remainder of, the engage
ment- After the battle his arrn^ was
amputated. ¦ .. *¦ ¦
General Cecil Clay, general agent
of the Department of Justice, - is in
this city examining into the legal
procedure of the Chinese. Bureau
and other departments. . .-
Loses His Right Arm by. a Shell
WTiile Retaking '.Regimental Col
ors From the 'Enemy.
GENERAL CECIL CLAY,
HERO AND VETERAN, HERE
"JAKE" RAUER IS FINED
FOR CONTEMPT OF. COURT
KENEDY GETS
HIS FREEDOM
Indictment Against One of
Thugs Implicated in Eob
insoh Murder Dismissed
'.William B. Kennedy, alias "Yellow,"
alias v Richard Jackson, charged with
the- murder of Po-llceman > C.
.Robinson at Sixteenth and Valencia
streets on* Jariuary 21,- 1902,- was . re
leased; from custody by order of Judge
Lawlor yesterday. He "made -his exit
from the Hall of Justice as; quickly as
possible and when some one shouted
to him. that - Detectives {Dliian and
Wren were waiting for him on. the cot-,
ner he shot across Kearny street as
fast as he could run in the direction of
Chinatown.
Kennedy's case is a celebrated one.
He is said by the police to be th.e worst
of the gang of six desperadoes impli
cated in the policeman's murder. Ken
nedy hsld up a Japanese a few min
utes, before the murder and it was the
report of a shot fired at the Japanese
by Kennedy that brought Robinson
upon the scene.
Kennedy was tried and convicted by
a Jury in Judge Cook's court, but was
granted a new trial by the Judge, who
was supported by the Supreme - Court
on an appeal taken by the District At
torney. The, ground taken by the Su
preme Court' was that Kennedy could
not be convicted on the uncorroborated
testimony of an accomplice, William
A. Henderson. After that Kennedy was
discharged by Judge Cook, but was
arrested several times ; and always re
leased on writs of habeas corpus. Fin
ally the. District* Attorney 'submitted
the case to the Grand Jury and a new
indictment, was found against Ken
nedy. The [case was assigned to Judge
Lawlor*s court. ..
- The case came up for trial yesterday
morning and Assistant District Attor
ney. Ashe, after reading a long state
ment reviewing the ; case from . its ~- In
ception,; had 'to admit. that no^new evi
dence ¦} had > been - procured. He asked
for a continuance for ten- days: till Dis
trict Attorney Byington could • be pres
ent. QbMBPbSQBI
The .Judge refused to grant a con
tinuance and' dismissed the Indictment.
Attorney Newburg for the defendant
.wanted a Jury impaneled and the case
tried- on "its merits, but the. Judge de
clined ; to ; do so. If this had been done
Kennedy would, have been 'free, but as
It is he cahtbe rearrested if new evi
dence can" be " found within „ the next
thr^e months. Kennedy has been an
expensive prisoner. He- has -cost the
city .in Ithe; neighborhood of $10,000.
..Of the gang implicated in the murder
of < Robinson, Frank .Woods,"alias "St.
Louis Frank." is in. Sari 'Quentin under
sentence of death;; William Kauffmann,
alias' '/St.' Louis 'Fat.'.', is serving a sen
tence 'of ' twenty-five -i years In San
Quentin; : John . Courtney,'; alias : "Lead
.yille-Jimmy,'.', is serving a sentence of
six i years; ' William . A. .Henderson ~ is
still awaiting sentence; Allen Goucher,
alias "Kid" • Goucher, is in' the Still
•water,. Minn.. . : penitentiary and' will ' be
brought"' here " for r trial ;- when -his ' sen
tence expires next May,*.. Kennedy, the
most" dangerous : criminal of the sex-,
tet, is at -liberty. • - .
> Raynor (giving • It another __ shake)— I
have .of ten wondered '- why * they '¦ call
these things fountain pens.." V v \
if : Shy ne— If you accidentally put one of
them down r in • your, .vest-pocket
you'll find out.— Chicago Tribune.
James Keough of 1201 Sanchex
nereet. accused of disturbing: the peace
of his wife and daughter Mary, told
Judge Cabaniss of how it came to pass.
He sallied forth in the evenlns. he
said, to distribute election cards bear
ing the portrait and name of a certain
candidate for Superior Judge, and In
the process of distribution he Imbibed
quite a number of drinks. He was
not drunk, however, when the cards
were all gone, and he incidentally
ltarned that an old and esteemed
friend of his had died the previous
day and was then being "waked." and,
although the hour was late, he de
cided to show his respect for the de
ceased and to express sympathy for
the sorrowing relatives by visiting the
house of mourning. There he drank
whisky and remained till morning, and
when he went home his wife and
daughter berated him so roundly that
perhaps he did disturb their peace. But
be was fleeing from their presence
¦when Mary grabbed his coat tails as
he was climbing over the back-yard
fence and detained him until Patrol
man Stanton arrived and arrested
him.
As he had several prior convictions
There was a complete turning of the
tables yesterday in a case that for
more than a week has been on Police
Judge Mogan's calendar. Rudolf Mil
ler, a butcher, accused of 111 treating
hie family, was clearly proved the vic
tim of an effort on the part of his wife
and her paramour to "railroad" him to
prison so that he could not interfere
with their liaison. He was acquitted
and the woman and her accomplice
received a merciless oral caatlgatlon
from the bench.
Miller was arrested on complaint or
his wife, who testified that he had
driven her from their home, 4% Hoff
avenue, and kept her in the street
while their five small children were
crying within the house. The defend
ant denied the charge and informed
the Judge that It had been solely made
with the object of setting him out of
the way. His wife, he added, had be
ccme so infatuated with one John ua.
vis, a laborer, that she abandoned her
little ones and was living with him
when Secretary White of the California
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children compelled her to return
and resume her maternal duties. W hen
the Judge asked the woman whether
her husband's statement were true she
answered In the negative, but her
words lacked the ring of honesty and
the hearing was continued till yester
day and a subpena issued for Secretary
White. J- _ r
There was no equivocation about Mr.
White's testimony. It corroborated
what Miller had said relative to the
woman's infidelity and neglect of her
offspring. Then the Judge asked the
¦wife what she meant by perjuring her
eelf at the previous hearing and she
was stammering out an unintelligible
explanation when a raucous voice from
the auditory exclaimed, "I would like
to be heard In this matter." and a bur
ly, rough looking man stood up and
claimed the court's attention. He was
asked what he desired to say.
"I'd like to have that man sent to
Jail," he responded, pointing at Mil
ler.
"Who are you?" Inquired the Judge.
"My name is John Davis, and I
"How dare you address this court?"
thundered the magistrate- "Bailiff, ex
pel that man from the chamber In
stantly!" and as the order was obeyed
with promptness and^ utter disregard
for the bodily comfort of John Davis,
the Judge forcibly expressed his esti
mate of the fellow's impudence.
Miller was then discharged and his
wife informed that she was saved from
prosecution for perjury by considera
tion for the little ones who unfortu
nately were dependent upon her for
care.
The Judge pronounced Mr. Castag
nino- guilty of disturbing the peace of
an Individual and postponed- sentence
Indefinitely, .so as to afford him oppor
tunity-to show by his conduct that he
can shun the object of his unrecipro
cated adoration. -.J .'
The defendant, a stalwart fellow,
tried to make it appear to Judge Mogan
that the, girl had exaggerated her
grievance, but she faced • him, support
ed by her mother, and made him vir
tually confess that since she. first pre
sented him with the • mitten her recep
tion of his advances had been discour
aging: . . -
May Torre, a petite brunette, com
plained that her life was made a dreary
waste because of the unwelcome at
tentions to which she was subjected by
Emlglio Castagnino. a house painter.
For two years he had been her
"steady," glre said, when she wearied
of : his company and politely but firm
ly Informed him that their relation
ship must cease. Instead of taking his
dismissal in kindly spirit he pressed
his suit more ardently than ever be
fore and at home, 1821 Dupont. street,
and abroad she was pestered by him.
She hated to drag the matter Into
court, but the man had become • such
an importunate bore that his restraint
by law was absolutely essential to her
pursuit of happiness.
Peter Canelleas and Chris Malens are
natives of sunny Greece and rival deal
ers in fruits on the flrst block of Fourth
street. They met at Davis*and Oregon
streets early yesterday morning and
engaged in a wordy, war which devel
oped into the more serious aspect of a
duel with vegetables as weapons. Wit
nesses of the encounter testified before
Judge Mogan that while. the fight was
in progress the air was laden with gar
den and orchard products hurled at
each other by the combatants and that
when a policeman stopped active hos
tilities by arresting both of them they
were, sorry sights to behold. SIgnor
Canelleas' ammunition was confined to
tomatoes until he was driven from his
base by the shower of cantaloupes cast
with remarkable accuracy of aim by
Signor Malens. Squashes, egg fruit
and artichokes were • also freely ex
changed. In view of their mutual will
ingness to pay for all the "truck"
spoiled by them and in consideration
of their necessary purchase of new
outer garments, the defendants were
dismissed with the usual reprimand.
John H. Montgomery, a real estate
agent from Oakland, charged John
Doyle and Frank Roberts with having
robbed him of a purse containing $24 65
night before Ia6t In a saloon at Fourth
and Folsom streets. Judge Mogan has
set next Saturday for the taking of
testimony.
Thomas E. Brady, charged with
street-begging, pleaded half guilty be
fore Judge Cabaniss and was given
twenty-four hours' imprisonment. He
had begged, he claimed, but as the
complaining policeman had not caught
him In the act he considered himself
only half guilty of the offense specific
ally alleged. ;:
Joseph Royder also showed such
symptoms of a mind diseased that he
was remanded for examination as to
his sanity. He challenged Manager
Harrison of the Sutro Baths to a duel
with pistols and then informed Judge
Mogan, that the den" was seriously in
tended, as he desired to kill Mr. Har
rison, but In fair fight. He was dis
charged from his position as an at
tendant at the baths and sought san
guinary reprisal.
Dr. K. A. Ambrosewf, a retired Rus
sian physician residing at 870 Mission
street, was arrested on complaint of
his wife, Gertrude, who thinks his
mentality is impaired by excessive in
dulgence in opiates. He threatened to
kill her, she informed Judge Mogan,
and she would like to have him sub
jected to examination by alienists.
During her recital the defendant,
bearded and frock coated, gazed at his
environment in a bewildered way. He
was ordered into custody until Sat
urday, and if by that time his mind is
not improved he will be sent to the In
sanity Commissioners for investiga
tion.
Miss Trixie Hunter and Miss Nellie
Conway. arrested for .vagrancy at
Fourth, and Stevenson streets, as
sured Judge Cabaniss that it was their
debut in the Police Court and he took
their word for it and dismissed them
with a caution. That they -were novices
there was no doubt, for instead of
hastening to the street, as prior ex
perience would have taught them to
do, they ascended to the City Prison
and were puzzling the desk sergeant
when an officer of the court happened
to arrive and convinced them that
they were at liberty to depart.
When the case of Fitzgerald Mur
phy, playwright, charged with kick
ing the nose of M. E. Revis, manager
of the Hotel Meredith, was called in
Judge Mogan's court neither the com
plainant nor the defendant's wife ap
peared to testify lor the prosecution.
But there did appear for the defense
one Jo&ejih Callahan, an actor at the
Majestic Theater, who testified that he
had known Mr. Murphy "on and oft"
for a dozen years, and had never seen
him drunk, but always found him a
man of admirable , temperament. Of
the defendant's domestic life, how
ever, Mr. Callahan could only repeat
what he had heard others say, and
that was invariably to the effect that
conjugal felicity existed in the Mur
phy household. Case continued until
Saturday and subpenaes issued' for
Mrs. Murphy and Mr. Revis. '. : V-;I
on similar charges to his discredit, Mr.
Keough was given eighty days' im
prisonment, thus being deprived of the
opportunity to vote for the' candidate
whose cards he distributed.
HER PARAMOUR EJECTED FROM COURT
Testimony Shows That She Tried
to "Railroad" Him.
HUSBAND TOMS TABLES ON WIFE
THE, SAN gXli:, FRIDAYS (OCTOBER '1904;
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN EDITOR'S
EXPERIENCE
In the Treatment of Humours
With More Than Magical
Effect with
GUTIGURA REMEDIES.
A Remarkable Testimonial From
a Most Intelligent and /
Trustworthy Lady.
"A tumor came on my neck and in a
day or two it was as large as half an
crasge. I was very much alarmed for
fear it was malignant. My friends
tried to persuade me to consult ray
physician; but dreading that he would
Insist on using the knife I would not
consent to go. Instead I got Cuticura
Resolvent and Cuticura Ointment. I
took the former according to directions
and spread a thick layer of the Oint-
ment on the swelling. On renewing
it I would bathe my neck in very^warm
water and Cuticura Soap. In a few
days the Cuticura Ointment had drawn
.the swelling. to a head, when it broke.
Every morning it. was opened with a
larpe sterilized needle, —squeezed -and
bathed, and fresh ¦ Ointment put > on.
Pus and blood and a yellow, cheesy,
tumorous matter came out, " In about
three or four weeks' time ; this ; treat-
ment completely eliminated the tumor.
The soreness that had extended down
Into my chest was all gone. . and '. my
r.«;k now seems to be perfectly well. ' •
"About five or six years ago my sis-
ter had a similar experience/ used the
Cuticura Remedies with mayical effect
I am willing you. should, use my testi-
monial, with the further of
revealing my name and address to such
. p«rsons as may. wish to substantiate
the above statements by personal letter
to me." Chicago." Nov. 12, 1902.
Sold throughout the world.' Cuticura , Resol-
vent, 50c (in form oT Chocolate Coated Pill*.
-»c twr rial of 00). Ointment. COc Soap 25c
Depots: London. 27 Charter-house Sq.;. Paris,
5 Ku» «3« la PaU; Boston. 13T Columbus ave.
Potter Drue ft Chun. Corp.;: Sol* Proprietors.
E7£end tor "How to Cure Ever/ Humour."
ADVEKTlSEMEyrS.
PBEDAT, SATXTKD ATT ASS 8A.TUXOLA.T
. HIGHT. •-¦
AIX CKEA3JS. 3 CAX3 28q
Extra Soda Crackers, 10-11) box 89a
American Biscuit Co.. Freaa From Bakery!
lOo ASSORTED MUSHES. 3 I»KGS. ZSeT""
Clam Chowd»r ¦» f\ _»
3-poxmd can ...,..,....»*-'^
Bright treah clarns: put up m Mva*. v»]t
price doubles boalataa. Fir» limit.
NEW WHTTB FIGS. UB> 0a
Carolina Blca, 5 pound* 25<a
Larre. lonr. white train. Halt vwnmX prlc*.
CRY8TOLA. LIKE SAPOLJO. 5 CAKES 23e.
Best Coffse, Java and Moclia, pound.. 2 5 a
Rich flavor, full strength, whole or ground.
Monday. Tuesday. U«oaUy83c. •.-...,..
$3.00 OAI^ O. K. WHISKY AT Z2JB.
Creamery Butter, 3 sqs $1.00
Eel River Taller, regular size, freah and rareet,
usually 43c.
BAGO OR TAPIOCA. 7 LB8. 3Sc
California Store Egrsr«. dox«n 27*40
Large white, every egg warranted sound.
Usually 35c. -
PURITT BAKIKO POWDER. LARGE CAN'3
23c. ._,
Aitl Claret. 2CXX, sraUon 40c
Four year old.' Try sample at store. Usually 60c
4fc PORT OR SHERRY. QTrBOTTLE 25c.
Aitl Port or Sherry, gullon 75c
Six year old. Excellent Tonic Wines. Usually
' 11.13. -^
HALF GAL. BOTTLE PORT OR SHERRY 33o
Dollar Whisky, quart bottle. 73c
Old Government. McBrayer. Kentucky Sour
Mash. etc.
25c OAI* CIDER VINEGAR AT 15c.
1001 Ffllmorc St 119 Taylor SL
Park 183 Phoae Howard 1031.
Ror a Time
.Constipation and Indigestion may giy*
lisa to nothing more serious than a dis-
tressed feeling or discomfort due to an
overworted or impoverished condition of
tho Digestive Organs. A dose or twooi
B^eehkm's
, wffl easily put this right, but if neglected
what a burden of illaesa maybe the- con*
Sequence. , , . v *\ - . ' • ' v
Sold Everywhere. ' In boxes 10c. and 35a,
— — *- — ' t — - — '»¦ - — — —^ mm
;, . '¦ .:; ¦ , _ y AD VERTISEMEyT&, ._ "' _ J>S L ...... .-...'... . r J_ r LrLnr - in ; ir . rLr
1 I HU £ HIT, IT V/^W 1^ JttliHms
s - In the Smartest . of Juvenile Winter Fashions
1* The Real Thing j Dcl^ '&*& 1H&: I Buster Brown
„ ° Norfolk Suit Valued at. $5.00
« r.r>1f r.an Valued at, 75c j SailOF Slllt>
0l|5lCI OIUW11» ¦;: '0M ' The,.". Suits ii; ....INCLUDING....
I In Mahogany Brown ¦''&£?' Wf$ti$- Naval Reserve
Ac in thp Pirtllr** : V^i bright' patterns,:; />»«.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
Ffi* Record
1 A OC Breaking
JLCCi3 Values
Our; >>i >r%
Top n[)r I p^«
Quality VUC ACa3
are regular
80c qualities
Extra Premiums ")
Free
with each purchase
Premiums must be seen
"to be I appreciated V-
New Teas
|254(>»35,4b,5pc
Come early.
¦ just to look. :{
; Great American Imporiing Tea Co.
; Money Saving Store.
/ 8C1 Market". 213 Sutler ' ,• ' , 2732 24th
-;140 SlxthT;'.'2lO Grant ave.', ; 1419 Polk
» 475 Halzht • 1810 Devisadero _ 705 I^arkin
3285 Mission ->300e Sixteenth >-j 146 Ninth
2O0S Fillmore ¦. 121 Montg'y ave -.'355 Hayes
366 .Third •«." 2S1G Mission ¦-* «. ¦-, 52 Market
!Vrt^461) Fourth^' •¦•?- -2C<5 Third ¦¦ •¦ ,